
Aon 

TKE 

The Return of the Greeks . 
See story, page 7. ~ 



Fly L\ lO Honolulu for $102 one-way 
is the offer jus, announced by World 
AiTways to students and senior citizens. 
Seats are available on a standby basis, 
and no reservations are permilted. 
Students 'must be under 24 years old. 
For information call World Airways. 

o 

The Shaolin Kung Fu Club will 
present a free demonstration in 
association with the Chung-Fu Shaolin 
Kung Fu School on the West Balcony of 
the main gym , January 19 at 7 pm. The 
demonstration is being held to 
introduce UCSD students to the 
Campus Recreation manial ans 
programs. 

.. 

o 
"Negotiation Security WIth the 

Soviets. Where Do W e Go From here?" 
will be the top ic o f Dr. Alan Greb's 
lecture to the Great Dec iSion '84 lecture 
series to be held at the Community 
Room, San Diego Federal avmgs , 
W ednesday, Janua ry 25 , 7:30 pm Dr 
Greb is an assoCia te professor o f hiStOry 
J t UCSD and curre ntly the assistant 
director o f the Institute on Global 
Co nflict and Cooperatio n , where he 
speCializes in the hiStory of arms 
control. 

o 
"Peace in Central America?" will be 

the subject of the secong annual Clark 
Distinguished International Lecture 
given by Dr. Ri chard . R Fage n, Glld red 
professor of Laun Ame ri can tudles at 
S!.lnfo rd University, Thursday, February 
9 , at the International Center .1I UCSD. 

1970", 
A Regent's Commission , which has 

been studying the campus press at UC, 
recommended yesterday that student 
newspapers establish more autonomy 
from the university administration , An 
investigation of the campus press' use of 
"obscenity" had been specific.llly called 
for in the charge to the commission . 
The lack of adult tolerance , it claimed, 
constituted a "double srandJrd which 
tod.ly's university student has every rIght 
to regard dS proof of the mature 
generation 'S hypocrisy." 
1972 ... 

The AS Council voted 10 endorse the 
Committee to Investig.lte Right-Wing 
Terrorism, which was formed to 
investigate the threats on the life of S.ln 
Diego Stale economics professor Peter 
Bohmer dnd the shooting o f Paula 
Tharp. Brad Merril Solid , "The only 
terrorism go ing on in San Diego IS right-
wing." 
1973", 

FBI 5urveill.lnce, the peJce tJlk 
stalemate , .lOd governme nt IIlhlb ltlOn of 
the press were subJens di scussed by 
W.lshington columnist J.lck Anderson 
l.lst FridJy during .1 lunc htime meeting 
.lt UCSD. Anderson Solid , -Like .Ill 
controversi.11 people , I'm o ften unde r 
surveilhlllce by the FBI. But fonunately I 
h.lve a friend in the FBI who IIli0rms 
me when the surveJiI.lIlce is being m.lde 
Jnd even gives me the license pl.ltc 
numbers of the Jgent ." 
1974 ... 

Fo r the first timc in UCSD's hls lOry, 
members of .llmost every student 
orgaOlzJtlon got together to pl.ln their 
common future . This meeting conduc ted 
dl!>Cusslons on "Bure.lucrJclcs - How 
They Function ," -MIXIng ACIIVISI1l with 
AcJdeml.l ," Jnd "Funding Sources .lIld 
H9w 10 Get .It Them: 

Fagen has served as a visiting professor 
in Mexico and Chile , conducted 
research in Cuba and Nicaragua , and 
wrote Thl! Future of Central Amenca: 
Policy Choices for the US and Mexico. 

o 
A Computer Literacy and High -Tech 

Exhibition conference sponsored by 
DATAWEST at the Pasadena Convention 
Center, January 19-21 , is offering half-
price admission to full-time students to 
encourage Widespread student 
panicipation . Students wiD be able to 
converse with representatives from 85 
personal business computer hardware 
and sofrware manufacturers. 

o 
"Star Wars: Extension of the Arms Race 

Into pace ," will be the lecture topic by Dr. 
George RathJens , professor o f political 
sc ience at Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, Tuesday, January 24 , ) 1:30 
am , .It the C.lhfornia Room, Tom Ham's 
Lighthouse. Dr, RathJens was senior 
advisor on strategiC weapons to President 
Eisenhower and chief scientist and speCial 
assistant to the director of the Arms 
Control and Disarmament Agency to 
President Kennedy, 

o 
Is Oly beer the best on the bJr? Is 

Mtchelob Light for the winners? )s 
tonight really the night? Is \I less filling, 
o r does it simply taste great? Learn from 
a master brewer the ins dnd outs o f the 
beer indust ry, how to make it, !.lste It, 
enJoy it. Sign up in the Rec Gym Office 
fo r th iS T uesdJy evenIng class which 
begins January 24, 

1975 ... 
The controversial faculty exchange 

program between UC and Chile , 
opposed by faculty and student groups 
who believe it taCitly sanctions ChIle's 
military jUnt.l , has been severed 
following the disappearance of a 
Chilean phyics professor connected 
with the program. The professor 
disJppeared from UCB last month . 
1976" , 

Harry Crosby, La Joll.:t photogr.lpher 
.lnd teacher turned Baja Californi.l 
muleback explorer and discoverer of 
cave paintings, will speak at a Friends 
of the UC S.ln Diego Library progr.lm at 
Mandeville . Crosby discovered a cave 
painting of the supernov.l which creJted 
the Crab Nebul.l nearly a thouSJnd ye.lrs 
ago. 
1977 .. . 

Governor Brown's recently released 
budget proposal for fiscal year 1977 ·78 
"does not .lddress Itself 10 the 
Improve me nt of the quality of 
educ.l[Ion ," J ccordlllg to Paul S.1ltman, 
Vice Ch.lncellor of AcademiC Aff.lirs. No 
mo ney W.IS deslgn.lted lor the m.1rine 
sciences .It ScrIppS Institution of 
Oce.mogmphy nor for any other type or 
rese.lrch in the Unive rsity . S.lys Salrm.1n, 
"The budget docs not recognize our role 
.IS .In il1lpon,Int research source." 
1978 ... 

Underst.1ndIng the chemistry of the 
mllld .lIld how It .Iffccts beh,l\'Ior .lIld 
mc m.I1 Illness IS .1 l1l.ljor unch.lned .He,1 
01 !>e lenee. UCSD SCIentists 11.l\'e 
rccently rece ived .\ gr.11lI o f $850,000 
from the N.ltlon.\1 Ins lltute of Ment.11 
He.llth to explore the possibllillcs thiS 
.Ire.\ presents. A (c.lln of .'pproxlm..llely 
18 directors Will explore how drugs .Ind 
their s ide elkcts .lltcr infortn.1tion 
pn'X:essi ng, the mel1lor)" PS),Ch,llllolOr 
r.lsks, .lIld beh,II'II1J' 

Typesetting Troubles 
A fist fight erupted last week over typesetting time between Reggie Williams 

of the new Indicator collective and Paul Lazerson of L 'Chayim. Although no one 
was seriously hun, the scuffle was representative of the frustration and anger felt 
by the alternative media toward the new typesetting policy. The typesetting 
situation has been creating problems since Tim PickweD, commissioner of 
communications, instituted a new typesetting policy at the beginning of the 
school year. 

Commissioner Pickwell's new policy entailed hiring four typesetters through 
the AS to do all the typesetting for the alternative media, The Pickwell plan was 
instituted to save the AS money by paying the typesetters strictly by the 
typesetting hour and not for any time doing extra chores that many of the 
alternative papers have workers performing while earning monies allocated 
speCifically for typesetting. 

The scheme never materialized as planned. "It needed closer supervision," 
Pickwell said, "and I admit that I was unable to keep closer tabs on them (the AS 
typesetters I," Commissioner Pickwell also said that the amount of training over 
the summer was msulTlclent to properly prepare the workers for their jobs, 

Complaints about the speed and accuracy of the typesetters were heard from 
the alternative media throughout fall quarrer. "It was a total fiasco: said Susan 
Wiggins of the new indicator. ·You can't teach people to typeset in three 
afternoons." , 

In monetary terms only $900 remains from a $3400 initial outlay for 
typesettIng, "It cost a lot more than it usually should have COSt," said Pickwell, 

At last week's Media Board meeting, Commissioner Pickwell conceded that it 
would be better to reven to the old system of individual media typesetting their 
own material. Final,ilpproval is expected by the AS Council this week. 

Meanwhile, The People's Voice has nm had dealings with any typesetting 
matters, since they have yet to publish this year. Consequendy, the Media Board 
voted unanimously to rescind 52000 of their $6927 budget. 

WhIle the Media Board was able to recoup money on unpublished material, 
the board also looked into $1500 owed to the AS by the new indicator collective, 
The collective obtained the underwrite in order to publish a 96-page book 
entitled Socialism: A Britf History . Thus far the new indicator coUective has given 
away but has not sold many issues of the $2 book. 

- ~n R. Friedman 

University Center Conference 
The Universiry Center Programming/Building Advisory Committee mel last 

Wednesday in Conference room lIlA In addition to the eleven advising board 
members (representing ASUCSD, The Guardian, some of the student co-ops, 
and the coUeges) and the sixteen other staff (primarily representing 
Undergraduate Affairs, Student Cemer, University Events, and Alumni & 
Friends) were present and introduced themselves at the first meeting of the 
committee, convened by Chairman Tucker at 7:05 a.m. 

During his initial comments, Tucker reviewed the charge to the Committee, 
and emphasized that every effon will be taken to ensure that the discussion of 
this subject is comrrehensive and inclusive of all campus constituencies. The 
ultimate success 0 the committee, he posited, would be judged not by the 
nature of the repon or even possible future faCility developments, if any, that 
ensue, but by the process of the committee's discussions and the degree to 
which broad panicipation is reflected in the programmatic recommendations 
that eventuate. In that regard, T ticker noted; that the committee was composed 
of an equal number of students and non-students representing a broad array of 
student, faculty, staff, and alumni interest groups; that a survey of all 
undergrduate, graduate, and professional students' opinions on this subject was 
underway; that the meetings of the committee and open-invitations would be 
published regularly, in The Guard~; and that concurrent with these activities, 
he would be meeting regularly WIth campus groups to keep them infonned 
about the committee and to gain the benefit of the advice of these groups. 

Several questions during the meeting focused on concerns about financing, 
the preferability of renovation vs, new construction, and the desirability of 
trying to effect "quality of life" changes by means of capital faciliry 
developments, III responding to these queries, Tucker assened that the 
committee would have no preconceived biases about the type of project, if any, 
that would f;e recommended, or about the financial mechanisms involved. 
Instead, the committee would engage in extensive reviews of current and 
planned student center activities and related facility requirements, and that its 
ukimate development recommendations would be based on programmatic 
justifications and financial feaSibility considerations. With respect to the 
"quality oflife" issue, Tucker agreed that focused programs are indeed the only 
way to counter feelings of alienation or depersonalization that are sometimes 
ascribed to students, but operation of successful social programs. Above aU, 
Tucker reiterated that any future student center developments stemming from 
the actions of this committee will be judged successful only if they respond to 
the unique needs of the UCSD community, 

Copies of the student survey and a detailed outline describing topics to 
include in a building program statement were distributed to all, and a brochure 
published by the Association of College Unions was made available to the 
committee members. Tucker recommended that another meeting of the full 
committee be held to review germane planning data and to establish 
subcommittees to consider specific program needs. 

1979 .. , 
A UC Regents meeting here erupted 

III turmoil yesterday when four speakers 
advocating conversion of the livennore 

and Los I\Iamos nuclear weapons labs (0 
non-weapons research facilities were 
refused pennission to' speak. 

- Chrillopha Canole 

St. John-Stevas on 
the ~mpire-builders 
By JAMES RALPH PAPP 

Norman St. John-Stevas, Cambridge, 
Oxford , and Yale scholar, ex-Thatcher 
CabInet member, and present regents' 
professor, last Thursday evening 
distingUished among the imperialist 
attempts of Great Britain , Germany, the 
United States, and the Sovie t Umon . 
The lecture was created by St. John-
Stevas 10 the subject of "The 
Dilapidatio n of Imperialism; The 
Falklands, Grenada, Nicaragua," a title 
SI. Joh n-Stevas credited to Professor 
Andy Wright, whereupon much 
applause , cheers, and table-thumping 
ensued . He then went on neither to 
bury Imperialism nor to unqualifiedly 
praise it , but to Judge each case by the 
empire-builder's motives and success in 
carryIng them out. 

He began, after a number of cracks ai 
the expense of his name, American 
pronunciation, his politics , and Andy 
Wright's title, by saying that the imerest 
of a country in influencing the world 
outside its own territory has seeds of 
good in it and by disapprovIng of the 
ideas of "Little England" and "Fonress 
America." If a natIon has something of 
principles, systems, and institutions in 
their developed state to proVide to other 
peoples and cultures , then the 
unselfishness to so provide them is 
admirable and in everyone 's imerests. 
For this he used the example of the 
British Empire in its heyday, which 
provided a system of values that now, 
even after the Empire's demise, remains 
in the countries once ruled . Thus, he 
pointed out, if the free and un corrupt 
constitutional government of England 
should fail (a reference perhaps to Tony 
Benn and the Labour far left 7), a similar 
system of government would survive" in 
America , a legacy of colonial days. 

Nevertheless, while in imperialism 
there are the seeds of good, there are 
also the seeds of evil. The example here 
is Germany under the Kaiser and also 
under Hitler, whose expansionism was 
for promoting selfish InterestS, to 
impose a system on an unwilling 
populace and have that system be 
Germany as the master race and the 
remamder of the world its servams or 
slaves. St. John-Stevas' demonstration of 

~he truth of these distinctions between 
British and German imperial.ism was 
that It IS Impossible to tell now what 
Germ.1ny ruled ove r - it left no 
IInpresslon - but th.lt the British 
IIIllucnec IS re.ldily identIfidble in Its ex-
colo nies. In .1dditio n, Gre.lt BrIt.llll 
rurned ItS Empire into .1 free 
Commonwealth , an assoc iatIo n o f 
countries with the same Inte rests III 
prinCiples .1nd ins titutio ns but .1150 
independent. 

Fro m here I. Joh n- tevas moved o n 
10 Russian IInperi<lli sm, first under the 
czar In the 19th cemury, when Dis r.leli 

warily tried to balance the RUSSIan 
movement throueh the f:lilin~ Ott,pman 
Empire to Constantlnopte (welc~~d" 
on moral grounds by Glad~one), and 
then , after a brief subsidence of 
expansionism directly after the 
revolution , communism", a "messianic 
creed" aggravating previous expansionist 
tendencies. 

Soviet expansion is an example both 
of a system imposed on an unwilling 
people and imperialism for selfish 
interests. SI. John-Stevas related a story 
of a visit to Poland under the auspices 
of a Catholic fellow traveling group 
(which is not to say Catholic traveling 
fellowships) , the only way to get into 
Poland . He was met by their 
representative when he landed and by 
way of conversation asked her how 
many communists there are in Poland. 
She replied that there were none at all , 
only a few in the government. His claim 
is that although Poland has been 
overwhelmed by military might, in 
essence it remains free, as it has under 
the numerous armies of occupation, 
demonstrated by the recent uprising of 
Solidarity. 

However, Soviet imperialism is 
basicaUy defensive imperialism , 
originally, and understand.,y, against 
Gennany. According to St. John-Stevas, 
at one time it looked as though the 
USSR planned to extend its influence 
across the European continent, but 
President Reagan is rather alone in 
believing that now. In Poland, 
Solidarity'S mistake was that it went too 
far, with the Polish people beginning to 
or attempting to influence surrounding 
countries, which the "ramshackle" Soviet 
empire could not have withstood , and 
therefore the movemem had to be 
quashed. 

Finally St. John-Stevas moved on to 
American postwar imperialism, which 
he divided into two phases. The first 
was a good phase, when America , as the 
only nation emergent as an economic 
power at the end of the Second World 
War busied itself with the 
reconstruction of Europe, the 
.lpplication of the Marshall Plan and the 
development of the European Economic 
Community. England , he pointed out , at 
the time missed "the European bus" by 
diSSOCiating itsclf, and when it finally 
joined the EEC, after earlier rebuff, the 
nature of the organiz.1tion was both 
we"kcr and nor dS well deSigned (or 
British Inte rests dS II might h.1ve been . 

The second imperi.1li sti c ph.lse, the 
bold one, he Identified as Reagamsm It 
is ch,lr<lctenzed by intervention 
wherever the government believes liS 
Imcrcsts lie , and under the presem 
shddow of deadly conflict. Solid I. John-
StevJs, a Western statesman meddhng is 
eX.1ctly what we do not Wdnl. HI' told 

~erbutY-Del Mar HaiI&loIlJ 
StYles of the 80's 

Haircut $15 
with this ad 

first time customers only 
Open 7 days. 

1011 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar, Ca. 92014 

(619) 481-6739 
Offer expires 2-1 -84 , 

Stepping into Poland untUr Catholic auspices. 

the audiente that the rest of the world 
is sulTering from the Reagan under 
whom we are so happily living. 

He then continued in specific 
examples. Neither Britain nor the 
United States should be In Lebanon, 
particularly the United States, which is 
trying to staml til the position of both 
the honest broker and the backer of 
Israel. The best thing that the US could 
do would be to arrange a summit 
conference to which all were invited 
and something could be resolved . But 
because of a feeling of national prestige 
it is easier to get one's military In than 

it is (0 get it out. 
The US is also approaching Latin 

America with Simplistic ideas of 
"ArI)erican Strategic Imerests' and the 
power of the rI)ilitary in a lasting 
resolution . What characterizes the area 
is that it is a "vast zone" of suffering 
which has been going on for centuries, 
and with the replacement of any regime 
by another, communist or capitalist, the 
common person always comes out worse 
off. 

For a third alternative SI. John-Stevas 
, used the example of a recent visit of his 

please turn 10 page 6 

Geochemist wins 
Dreyfus Grant 
By JOEY STORER &: FRAN CORDOBA 

UCSD geochemist Dr. Mark H. 
Thiemens was awarded the $50,000 
Dreyfus Teacher Scholar Grant last 
November. 

The Dreyfus award was Originated in 
1946 by the Camille and Henry Dreyfus 
Foundation, funded by the Celanese 
Chemical Corporation, to recognize the 
outstanding research of assistant 
chemistry professors, 

Dr. Thiemens, the only UCSD 
professor to ever have received this 
honor, was nominated for his work in 
producing a non-mass dependent 
isotopic fractionation of oxygen, liinting 
that the solar system may not have 
formed as the result of a supernova. 

Thiemens' rese.1rc h mvolves the 
production and Jndlysls ·o f an effect that 
he thinks was present in the presolar 
nebula. Thiemens' e ffect, which could be 
J result of .1 phOloc he lTIlcal InteraCtI On, 
causes the occurrence o f .1 certai n 
chsmbution o f the Isotopes of oxygen 
presently fo und only in meteornes, 
called carbonaceous c hondrites. These 
meteorites proVide Information about 
the abundance of isotopes In the 

presolar nebula. 
Thiemens was able to chernicaUy 

reproduce the iSOtopiC fractionation 
found tn the carbonaceous chondrites, 
fractionations which were previously 
thought to occur by mass dependent 
processes. The fact that isotopes are 
known to exist as a result 'Of their mass 
differences has led sCientists 10 believe 
that the fractionation of isotopes was a 
result of those mass differences . On the 
contrary, Thiemens' effect is mass 
independent, 

Thiemens proposes that the three 
isotopes of oxygen were originally 
present in the presolar nebula with a 
terrestrtal composition relative to the 
isotopic abundancies on the eanh 
versus those abundancies in meteorites. 
ThIS terrestrial composition was then 
acted upon photoch~mically to produce 
the v.lriations in the known 
dbunddnctes. 

Thlcmens' effect raises a question 
about the theory that the most 
promInent isotope was mixed with the 
other two less abundant isotopes III the 
nucle.lr environment of the supernova. 

Pizzeria II Forno 
Pizzas 
Deli Sandwiches 
Salads 

r-----------------------, 
: $2.00 off $1.00 ott I 
I any large any medium I 
: pizza pizza: 
L-----O//er expires 3-19-83 ____ ~~J 

937 Prospect St. open La Jolla 
459·5010 

Mon-Fri,l1 am-lO pm 
~at & Sun, .5 pm - 10 pm 



<.WI'\I<.l'\ 

Editorial 

UCSD and ' city would 
benefit from research park 

UC San Diego Chancellor Richard Atkinson's plan 
for a research park at UCSD could be Southern 
California's nomination to equal the Silicon Valley of 
Northern California. 

The success of Silicon V,\lley shows what a 
wedding of science and in\\ustry can do for a 
community. Silicon Vallev dfd not spring up in a 
vacuum. It was created by the cooperative efforts of 
Stanford University and area industries. UCSD is a 
-science- ana re~tth-oriented institution of the 
highest quality. A joint venture between UCSD and 
local industry should achieve outstanding results. 

The addition of a research park will bring more 
companies to San Diego. If UCSD had been able to 
present a research park last year, it might have 
attracted the $100-million-a-year Microelectronics 
and Computer Technology Corporation that set up 
shop at the University of Texas. 

Already, UCSD's commitment to a research park 
has induced IBM and other companies to develop a 
$12 million magnetic research center that should be 
completed by 1985. 

High technology industries are the industries of 
the future. It is imperative that America be on the 
cutting edge of technological breakthroughs, if the 
United States is to retain its economic leadership. In 
that effort, business, industry, and the university are 
well-advised to combine forces. 

By working with unviersity researchers, industry 
employs the finest scientific minds_ Industry benefits 

the university through its financial support. And 
business gains by turning industry'S products to 
entrepreneurial advantage_ 

A- closer relationShip between science and 
technology is certain to improve America's 
competitive standing. 

Moreover, salutary effects, beyond the ones already 
mentioned, are bound to be felt by the university. 
The appearance of high-tech industries at UCSD will 
shake some gloomy graduate and undergraduate 
students out of their ivory-tower stupor, provide them 
with inSight, knowledge, and experience that will 
help them in the job market, and maybe even foster 
a renewal of civic spirit. After all, America's strength 
is dependent upon its industrial might. 

The land on which Chancellor Atkinson hopes to 
construct the project was given to the university by 
the Navy on condition that it be used for educational 
purposes only. The proposed research park would 
probably pass that criterion, but, just to be sure, 
Chancellor Atkinson is asking the regents for revision 
of the deed , to avoid any legal complications, and 
authOrity to proceed with construction. If the regents 
approve the plan by February, as they certainly 
should, the chancellor believes he can obtain a 
similar agreement from the Navy by the summer and 
begin work in the fall. 

To which we say: Full speed ahead. 

Courtesy of the San Diego Union. 

II <ellit<elr $ll <ellit<eIr$ll <eilit<elr ~ll <ellitcelr $ll <ellit<elr ~ll <eilitceIr $ll cefrfr<elr$li cellit<elr $llcellit<elr$ll <ellit 
fr<elr$1 ettersll <eilit<eIr$ll <eilit<elr ~ll <ellit<elr$ll ceilit<elr $ll ceilit<elf $ll <eilit<elf~ll ceilit<elf $n <eilit<elr$l 
If$ll ceilit<eIr $ll <eilit<elr$ll <ettit<elr~ll <eilit<elf$ll cettit<elf$ll <ettit<e If$ll <eilitcelf~ll eilit<elrsll <e(titelf~ll<e 
n cettit<elr ~ll <eilitcelf$ll <ettitcelf sll cettitcelf $ II cefdtcelrSll cettitcelr ~n ceilitcelf ~ll<ettit<eIr$ll <eilitcelr ll<e fdt<e 
Editor. 

Recently there appeared the 
1983-84 UCsD Student Directory 
with a gracious dedication to me . 
It referred to my retirement next 
June from the provostship of 
John Muir College. I was 
touched , pleased, and slightly 
embarrassed by the generous 
words - embarassed because , as 
it !Urns out, I will not be retIrIng 
after all. . 

When the editors of the 
Directory deCided so to honor 
m i> , everyone induding most 
ceruunly myself. thought that this 
was my Iilst year. By June I would 
hJve reilched age when , we .Ill 
supposed , retirement from 
administration would be 
mandatory. I told my friends. 
commiserated with my staff, and 
began planning courses I would 
teach next year. 

Then it was discovered th<lt an 
exception could be made and I 
WJS asked by the Vice 
Chancellor for Academic AfTairs 
to remain in office for allO{her 
year. The ChanceUor, too. 
encoumged me to do so. I SJid 
that I would, but I felt uneasy 
about that dedication. 

I am gl".ueful to the edilllrs 
and I intend to show it b), doing 
such a good job !hat the), and 
those for whom they spoke will 
forgive me lor SIiIying around .& 
little longer. That. I belie\'C. is the 

best way to show my 
appreciation of their kindness 
and counesy. 

Editor, 

John L Stcwall 
ProvosI 

I .. ~" .. ppaUed at the article in 
Tuesday's Gunrdian by 
Christopher Can ole Jnd Ted 
Burke "Campus Evangelism: 
HJrd Sell on Revelle ." The attlde 
hold very little to say about 
"ev,mgel ism ." but was InsteJd 
'.helr forum ror sh,lring their own 
prcJudil.:es ag,linst "the enllre 
religious smorgJsbord ." The only 
direct rererences to evangelism 
were the photo and the first, 
second , and last parJgmphs. The 
rest was a sl.mderous outpouring 
of their own intolemnces. 

The ankle Sl<ltes , "Ide.lily. we 
should have .1 culture .where 
everyone h,ls access 10 the same 
resources, economic , intellectual. 
anu spiritual. and our society 
sh"uld be benign enough to 
encompass divergent lifest)'les 
thJt people choose'- Yet t hey are 
seemingI)' unable to accepc <I 
IJrgc segment of our society who 
afier -intclligentl)' assessing the 
availablc infonThltion" haw 
chosen to accept .md cmbr..lCe a 
rdigilln. 

The i1nkle also st.IleS the 
at.Whors' i1nno),am:e "C(lmCS no( 
frdm Whill Ihc)' I people with 

religIOUS beliefs! believe , but in I 
their JCt of belieLthe adherents 
must spread the word and 
sucker in as many gullible jerks 
as possible." This is not only 
SimplistiC and childish but also 
innammatory. It's as offe nsive as 
a raCial or sexual slur. 

I thought that UCSD was an 
environment which encouraged 
intelligent thought Jnd 
discussion on many topiCS. How 
s.ld 10 see that Mr. Can ole and 
Mr. Burke appJrently don 't think 
that this topic should be given 
due thought and discussion . Not 
everyone who has accepted ,I 
religion is "walk( ing) around 
vacant-eyed and vacant-bramed ," 
nor are they charac:tcrized by 
.my or the other olTensive 
phr.lses used in the .Inide. 

The types 01 phrases the), 
used .md the line of the authors' 
n',lo;nnin)( "'minds me of people 
who don't like blacks just because 
they're black, who don't think 
women are small enough to 
become executives, or (whol 
think that aI long-haired coIege 
students are wiJd-e)led radicals 
and a threar 10 our society. 

I sml:erd), hnpc thJt in the 
future Mr. CilIlole and Mr. Burke 
will ex.lmine an isslJ(.' r o1tion.&lI), 
and 10gi(:.IU)' "i1fter o1ssessing the 
u\'o1iLlble mltmn.&linn- hdllre 

publishing their opmions. 
Lany Nielsen 

Editor. 
The Women's Resource Center 

is a student organization at 
UCSD located in the Student 
Center (next to the Food Co-op). 
We are staffed by volunteers and 
peer counselors trained by 
Psychological Services. The 
Women's Resource Center 
receives funds from the 
Associated Student government 
and the Student Affirmative 
Action Committee. We are seven 
years strong and bring women 
together through programs 
directed at women 's issues, peer 
counseling, suppon groups, dnd 
providing information and 
referrals. 
• Recently, Counseling and 
Psych~ical Services decided to 
fund and trdin peer counselors 
for the Women's Resource 
Center, so as to add to its 
effectiveness as a resource to 
women students. Because of this 
a two day tr.lining seminar was 
held this piut weekend for future 
paid and volunteer workers. The 
trdining provided students with 
im opportunity to lr-.. m and 
prd,,-nce IiSlening and 
communication skiDs. II also 
taught us how to implement 
progr.ms for the Women's 
Resoun..-c Cen~r. 

pl.' II St· /11111 '" "'..... .i 

-Editor 
Tim ~ugust 

Managing Editor 
Phil Lauder 

Opinion Editor 
Grace Nielsen 
News Editor 
Lisa Lapin 

Contributi"l News Editors 
Christopher Canole 
Steven R. Friedman 

features Editor 
James Ralph Papp 

Arts Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

Associate Arts Edilor 
John Nee 

Spons Editor 
Jeff Savage 

Photo Editor 
Rich Pecjak 

General Manll8er 
Chris Milke 

Associate General Managers 
linda Lewis 

Valerie McMullin 
Photographers 

Richard Caterina 
Rob Friedenthal 
Mark Johnson 
David Newell 
lUustratolS 

John Ashlee 
Garnell FilZ-Henley 

T ypesettel'5 
Joe Desiderio 
Anggie ,Lapid 
Phil lauder 

Andy Laurence 
Chris OstelWalder 

Production 
Hana Abmms 

Susan Emmerson 
Lisa Jones 

Vesna Kulasinovic 
Kelley Neal 

StaffWrmrs 
Lance Bernard, Ethan Feerst 
Sergio Klier, Michael Panos, 

Dena Rosen, Phil WiUon , David 
Wolf. 

The UCSD Guanlian is 
published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic 
year by students at UCSD. Views 
expressed in the Guardian do 
nOt represent the views of the 
Regents of the University of 
California or the Associated 
Students of UCSD. All un-
initialled editorials represent the 
views of the entire editorial 
board of the Guardian ; init'ialled 
editOrials represent minority 
opinions of the editorial board. 
Reproduction . publication, or any 
use without permission of any 
portion of this newspaper 
without prior notificoltion is 
strictly prohibited . 

The Guardian welcomes 
signed letters i1nd commentary as 
outlined in the Opinion section, 
however we are not responsible 
lor unsolicited manuscripts or 
an. 

Our office is localed southeilSt 
of the Revelle Provost Office 
nextdoor to the Che Cafe on the 
UCSD campus. The Business 
Office is open from 9-am to noon 
and 1 pm to 5pm Monday . 
through Friday. 

Subscriptions .Ire aV.lilabie ilnd 
will be mailed first cI.l55 for S15 
per qwner. 

The UCSD Ga.#, 
UCSD,1-016 

La jolla, c.IIfamIa 91091 
(619) +Jl-1466 

Commental¥ 

UCSD after dark: 
Watch your step 
By ROBERT LEONE 

I have heard many complaints about 
the quality of lighting (or lack of it) at 
UCSD, ranging from the usual putdowns 
from people who go to UCB 10 a 
comment by a Guardian staffer who said 
she had to buy a Ilashhght to make her 
way to the Gunrdian newsroom. Si nce I 
had never gone out at night for the sole 
purpose of inspecting the lighting, I 
decided to do so. 

Now it should be understood that 
some areas of this campus are dark 
because campus planners did not 
imagine that people would be out at 
night in those areas. The abandoned 
barracks basements nonh of Third 
college, the huge gorges nOM of 
Warren, the baseball fields and the 
Black's Beach access path are aU 
examples of this. 

I decided to look for areas that have a. 
bona foJt need for good lighting at night 
but are without it. 

The Revelle parking lot has numerous 
ill-lit spots, but I did not search it 
thoroughly, because the darkness of the 
lot is already well-esrablished. However, 
if there IS a path for pedestrians 
between the Mandell Weiss Center and 
said parking lot, I couldn't see it. 

The utility road from Mandell Weiss 
10 the student center has a few 
streetlights (a weird combination of 
fluorescent , high-pressure sodium and 
perhaps an incandescent or two), but 
the Che Cafe-Guardian parking lot is 
dark. I was there on a night when the 
moon was nearly full , but even then 
when 1 walked out of the newsroom, I 
could not even see a white car on the 

other side of the lot. 
I then meandered over to Sir William 

Osler Lane, where 1 observed that the 
"pedestrian n paths were adequately lit 
but not as well lit as the roads. 

I went on to the Med school parking 
lot, which is lit by very large bulbs on 
very high poles so that each light 
illuminates a large area. When one 
blows OUI , it leaves a large area dark. 
Blown bulbs (two of them) could also be 
seen (or rather not seen) on the asphalt 
path to the bridge over La Jolla Village 
Drive, making it somewhat difficult (but 
not impossible) 10 rick out the path . 

However, for rra darkness the VA 
Hospital's lot C-12 (and in fact aD C lot 
spaces past block C-l) takes the cake. 

·While this lot is not pan of the UCSD 
campus, enough UCSD students and 
staff and faculty work there to bring it 
into the survey. This little 101 was not lit 
at all. No lamp posts, nothing. 

.The real disgrace is John Jay Hopkins 
Drive . Yes, I'm talking about the famed 
's-Rtmote" parking lot. I had to use a 
flashlight to read the sign that said "5-
Rtmote ." This tree-shrouded lane is 
almost totaUy unlit. It is unlit 200 yards 
past the intersection with VOigt Drive 
(which is also dark). 

For those of you who argue that no 
one uses that lot at night , I saw a VW 
pulling out of the lot at 10:42 rm the 
night I was there. Obviously, i students 
are going to park there, some students 
wIll return 10 their cars after the sun 
sets. So remember, if you are going to 
be on campus at night, bring a flashlight 
and watch your step. 

BIOLOGICAUPHYSICAL SCIENCES, .. 

You're Needed -
All Over the 

World. 
Ask Peace Corps volunreers why they ore using rhelr Science 
major, minor, or aptitude In health dlnlcs and clossrooms in 
Malaysia. Why do they use !hem In fish pond culture proje<:rs 
and experimental farms In Western Samoa? They'll rell you 
their Ingenulry and flexlblliry are as Important as rhelr degrees. 
Ask !hem why Peace Corps Is the toughest job you'll ever love. 

PEACE CORPS 
Iliology, Frend'l, mam and educaTion majors ... 1ook for Peace Corps 
representatives on the UCSD campus next weeki Next Tuesday and 
Wednesday from 9:00 om until 3:00 pm. representatives from the 
Peace Corps will haVE:' a public Information table set up on the '''Hump'' . 
This Is your oppoouniry to ralk with a former Peace Corps Volunteer 
about what life in the developing \YOrld is really like. Don'r Mis In 

Your opinions are worthless 
if you keep them to yourself. The Gua. invites an students, faculty and staff to 
make use of me opinion section as an open Corum to present and exchan.Je thdr 
views on anything from musIc VIdeos to preSidential elecDons. Letters ana lIltlCleS 
may be mailed to the Opinion Editor at theGunrdian or brought to our offices adjacent 
to the Che Cafe. Requirements for letters and Commentary pieces are outlined below, 
Commentary Commentary pieces may be submitted by any concerned individual. 
When space is limited, student articles wiD take precedence over those of faculty or 
Guardian staff members. Pieces should be three to four pages long, typed double-

. spaced on a 72-character line. Anicles may be rebuttals to a Gunrdian stoty or letter. 
Whatever the subject, the writer should focus on a clear thesis. The anicles will be 
edited for grammar and spelling errors, but aD major changesllt'iD be cleared with the 
author prior to publication. 
I..ea£rs. Letters to the editor should be one to twO pages in length, typed as ·above. 
Letters are generaDy written in regard to articles or other letters printed in the 
Guardian . However, any letter of general intrest to UCSD students will be considered 
for publication. Letters may be edited when space requires, but speDing and 
grammatical errors will not be corrected. The writer's name and phone number must 
accompany every -ankle and letter 

ll<eilit<elr $ll ~ilit<eIr~ll ~ilit~lr ~ll ~\tit~lr ~ll<ettfr<eIr~n<e 
~<elr~lettersn~\tit~Ir~n~llit~Ir~n<.e\tit<elr~ll<etttt<e 
lf$n<eilit<.elr~ll ~ilit<eIr$n <etC{t~Ir$n eilit<elT' ~n<.eiht<eIr 
continued from page 4 

Fourteen women attended the 
seminar and 'Ale were qui~ a diverse 
group. We varied in age from l~ to ", 
in majors -from microbiology to music, 

. in sexual attitudes from homosexual 10 
heterosexual, and in experience at the 
Women's Resource Cen~r from previous 

volun~er to newcomer. 
We learned alot about how to be a 

peer counselor and what it means to be 
a woman at UCSO. We also made new 
friends and leamed about ourselves, The 
skiDs we were taught are also helpful in 

being a better £mnd and person. We 
would lilcie to thank Dr. Busse and her 
colleagues for training us with time and 
patience. 

We are reaDy excited about the "'ruru~ 
programs and services the Women's 

. Rtsource Cen~r has planned and 
discussed for this year. If you missed 
the opponunity to attend the workshop, 
p~ drop by our office or look fot our 
upcoming programs, and get involved 
with your Women's Resource Center. 

Women's R£soun:e UIIIie. 

t"1 • 
... apeZIO 

Who else but Capezlo? 

-January 
Clearance 

SAVE 
25% to 50% 

Come see our expanded selection of 
clearance merchandise. Selected 

BAN DOLI NO and CAPEllO shoes originally 
$38 - S64 are now sale priced at 

$18.99 - $47.99. 
Hurry ... selectlon Is limited. 

Sale ends January 31. 
• capezlo 

UnlverlHy Towne Centre, 4U5 La Jolla Village Dr. 
(619) 453-3402 



. 

Philanthropy: Greeks 
as cOIllDlunity servants 

By DAVID WOLF 
"Sao Paulo. Brazil: Iht most hidtous city in Iht world. " There is more to being Greek than parties, tailgates, rush and semi-fonnal 

affairs. The Greek organizations at UCSO are involved in community and 
philanthropiC causes in San Diego and nationwide. 5t. John-Stevas Phi Delta Theta fraternity sponsors a btde ~e team every year. The members all pitch in [0 raise 5400 [0 supply uniforms and equipment to the youngsters. The fraternity members are the coaches, making the team more 
than a pay-your-money-and-forget contribution, but a group effort in which the 
whole fraternity takes part. The Phi Delts also sponsor charitable events, such as 
an annual blood drive. 

continued from pag~ J 
to Sao Paulo, Hrazil, which he called the 
most hideous city in the world , with 
every ince of ground built upon in the 
put'Sui! of money and circled by slums. 
But there is a movement for Christian 
communities there (the communities 
now numbering 88.000 in Brazil). which 
is attempting to apply gospel principles 
to the modem world. In this way the 
people take religious and pohtical 
responsibility on themselves. and that is 
the way to resolve the Latin American 
problems. nO! an ever growing military 
budget This underminmg of the roots 
of selfish power in Latin America the 
leaders realize in their opposition to the 
movement. 

51. John-Stevas finished his lectu re by 
emphasizmg that this is definttely not 
the moment to choose for the 
oversimplification of the world's 
problems. which IS what he .lccuses 
Reagan of doing. As the balance of 
terror in the nucblr world is growing 
more precarious. the opponunity for the 
Untted SLlles and the Soviet Union to 
get their signals crossed Increases. The 
present's supreme question of whether 
the Soviet Unton and United Sta tes cun 
coexist IS bemg drowned out by today's 
"megaphone rheronc ." and the answer 

YOUR COUGH 
IS WORTH MONEY 

A major drug company is testing 
a new cough medicine, If you have 
a cough due to a cold or acute 

bronchitis. come to 9834 Genesee 
Ave. (next to Scripps Memorial 

Hospital) on Sunday. January 22 
at 7:00 am. Subjects must be at 

least 18 years of age and in 
otherwise perfect health, 1'10 

medications may be taken 24 
hours prior to the testing day, 

$75 will be paid if you qualify. The 
study will take approximately 13 
hours. so bring reading. study or 
other materials, A 1V video and 

meals will be provided. The entire 
procedure will be supervised by a 

physician. 
Call 1·4l6-l988 and ask for 

COUGH STUDY 

[0 this question is essential to which of 
two opponunities we have never before 
had to take: to escape from the treadmill 
of poverty or to approach total 
destruction. The perceived position of 
Reaganism on this has brought up a 
new anti-Americanism, demonstrated in 
the House of Commons' condemnation 
of the-precipitate and costly Grenada 
invasion from the extreme left through 
the extreme righl. It is essentlal that we 
now get away from the shouting and 
back to reflection. 

In a spirited question period . 
tempered by his Parliamentary breed of 
humor. I. John-Stevas analyzed, but did 
not attempt to defend. the Falklands 
war m relation to Grenada. Gre.It Britain 
attempted diplomatic seulement up to 
the moment of its arrival, it claimed no 
military threat in the Falklands 
occupation . cUimed no vital interests to 
be at stake. but a pride, according to 51. 
John- tevas. not seen since Mafeking 
moved Britain. The questioning 
contmued in arguments between 51. 
Joh n-Srevas and the questioners and 
between the questloners themselves, and 
a crowd forming around the lecturer 
when the question period was brought 
to J close. 

Alpha Omicron Pi is concerned with the problem of arthritis. In conjunction 
with the national chapter of Alpha Omicron Pi the sorority comributes a. of the 
proceeds of fundraisers to arthritis treatment, care for the victims of the disease 
and to the Arthritis Foundation, home of the research on cures and treatment of 
arthritis. 

Sigma Kappa sorority works their philanthropic programs on twO levels: a 
local charity and the two philanthropies sponsored by the national chapter. 
Locally they sponsor the Torrey Pines Convalescent Hospital, and last year 
made a sorority trip to the facility, spending the day with the patients. The two 
national programs support the Maine Seacoast Mission, a wilderness 
preservation group, and the American Farm School in Greece, which instructs 
American and local students in modem agricultural and honicuItural science. 

The philanthropy of the Delta Gamma girl's fraternity is Sight conservation. 
The fifty members of UCSO's chapter, in conjunction with chapters at Cal State 
Long Beach, UCI.I., USC and nationwide, support support a private school for 
the blind in Los Angeles, where blind people learn to adapt to life without sight. 
In addition, the Delta Gammas Sl.lpport facilities for the blind and for sight 
research across the United States and in a number of foreign countries. 

The Pan-hellenic Council at UCSD sponsors a campus philaOlhropy each 
·year. The two candidates this year are the Day Care Cemer and Disabled 
Student Services. 

In addition to contribution their time working for the causes they organize 
fund raisers, participate in bike-a-thons and contribute to the cause through 
their sororities. 

AS Student affairs officer Randy Woodard said, "It is incumbent upon every 
student and student organization on campus [0 enhance the reputation of the 
UCSD campus." It is the Greeks' philaOlhrope philosophy that helps them help 
the community. 

~Ra~==~7~~~======~~~y ~'9urf c!Z 'lair ~ frozen 
'lJt. yogurt creations 

The University Center 
Progr.amming/Building Ad-
visory Committee met for a 
second time on Wednesday, jan. 
18, 1984. A presentation was 
made of the Campus Master Plan 
by Beverly Nuckles. Following 
that, Tom Tucker reviewed the 
planning stages and subcommit-
tees were established: 

I-y P.rc~f ~~oo or more I 
• We alao ho.or all 

1030 Torrey Pi.ea Rd. 
at HerKhel 

Now Openl 
1774 Garaet A"e. 

La Jolla Pacific Plaza 
ERROR in Tuesday's Calendar 

Regents ' Professor Rt Hon . 
Norman St. John Stevas M.D. will 
speak on "Disraeli: A Fascinating 
Hgure of the 19th Century". Co-

sponsored by the Dept. of 

Literature, History an Po itica 
Science. In TCHB 142. 

THIS IS ON THURSDAY, 
JANUARY 19, 1984. 

We're sorry for any inconvenience 
this may have caused you and hope 
ou will return for toni ht's lecture. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, RIVERSIDE 

GRADUATE SCHOOL OF 
MANAGEMENT 

• A New Progr.m offering the degree of Master of Business 
Administration (MBA) in the tradition of UC quality education 

• A flexible program tailored to both full- and part-time stu-
dents with specializations In finance, marketing, and general 
business' 

FOR INFORMATION WRITE: 
Graduate School of Mana.ement, Dept. SD 
University of California 
Riverside, CA 92521 
or caJl (714) 787·4551 

Conference/Meetinl/Multi_ 
Purpo.e Room 
Food Servicea 

Recreational Services 
Co-op &. Enterpriletl 

Office Space 
General Space 

(Lounges, Info Desk, etc.) 
Media Center 

If you have input for the above 
subcommittees, or would like to 
attend their meetings, please 
contact a Student Center Board 
Member or Tom Tucker/Cindy 
at 452-4378. 

STUDENT CENTER 
SURVEY PRIZE 

DRAWING WINNERS 
lit. Prize: (Travel Voucher far 
$:l50 Donated by Cowncil Trawl 

Services) 
Brian Aellig, Muir College 

2nd. Prize: ($50 Cash Donated 
h; Student Center Board) 

Robert W. Root, Grad Student 
3n!. Prize: ($:l5 Cash Donated 

by StUdent Center Board) 
Don Hewitt, Muir College 

The new UC5D Greeks: 
A rush to gain respect and numbers 
By DAVID WOLF 

In the 1983 edition of Cass and Birnbaum's Guidi 10 
Amtr1can Colkgts, the editors have thoroughly compiled 
Information on the social lives of campuses across the 
United States. In each summary there is a mention of 
the number of fraternities and sororities present In the 
UCSD summary there is no such reference. 

Seven years ago the reference would have been 
accurate. Before 1977 there were no Greeks and there 
had not been since the late sixties. But in December of 
1982 there were three fratemities and three sororities 
on campus. Why, then, did Cass and Birnbaum miss 
them completely? Only the editors themselves know for 
certain, but the Greeks at UCSD are building a 
program that will be difficult to ignore in the future . 

The Greek system did not appear overnight. After 
the establishment of the Alpha Omicron Pi sorority in 
1977 and with some five others seeking administrative 
permission to charter, the vice chancellor of student 
affairs, Richard Armitage, placed a moratorium on the 
further expansion of the system pending detailed 
stUdy. It was Armitage's concern that Greeks would 
haw: an iD effect on campus life. 

He told The Guardian on October 9, 1978. that the 
college system might suffer. "Many students display 
certain loyalties to their respective coUeges," Armitage 
said . "With fraternities and sororities on campus, will 
these loyalties tT'ansfer from other coUeges to the Greek 
groups?" 

The questions were satisfied by the University 
administration, and Sigma Kappa became the second 
soronty on campus in 1978. Delta Gamma became an 
official sorority in 1980. The sororities joined and 
formed a Pan-HelleniC Council in order to insure 
cooperation and increase the unity among the . 
soronties. 

The fraternities were more 
recent in their inception. Tau 
Kappa Epsilon and Phi Delta 
Theta rushed their first classes 
in 19tH. Delta Sigma Phi was 
the latest to organize on 
campus in March 1982, and it 
is still waiting to receive their 
chatter from the Delta Sig 
National chapter. Last year the 
fraternities, with the help of 
Randy Woodard , AS Student 
Affairs officer. formed an 
Inter-Fraternity Council to 
perform the same dUlles for 
the frats that the Pan-
Hellenics do for the sororities. 

Today the Greeks are a 
major presence on campus. 
Every fall and spring Revelle 
Plaza is the site for Greek 
rush tables, which are usuaUy 
the only exposure an average 
student will receive to the 
system. The small groups 
manning these tables see m 
such dose friends that the 
layman is reluctant to intrude. 
even if interested. Apparently 
thiS is nOl a problem. 

Last quaner aU of the Greek 
organizations on campus 

The University 01 Texas Health 
SCience Center at Dallas IS a 
malor center lor research In the 
Biomedical SCiences 
Opportunities are available lor 
highly IndiVidualized graduate 
research training programs 
With an outstanding laculty 01 
over 250 investigators 
Anrac\lve stipends are available. 

pledged enough students to increase their 
memberships by at least 25%. With spring or 
"infonnal" rush still to come, recruitment for the school 
year will likely go up. "Most of our effon goes into 
rushing in the fall : said TKE officer Greg Warner, "but 
informal rush is still important." 

An issue that seems to have come up often in the 
seven-year history of the UCSO Greek system is that of 
discrimination. "There is definitely sorne 
discrimination ," said Greg Warner, speaking for TKE, 
"but only in tenns of if a guy can't get along with 
everybody. We aren't like other frats at other schools, 
with traditions handed down from the days of hazing 
and discrimination . We are new. We .don't haY!! those 
traditions." 

Annette Dale, a ReveUe student and president of 
Sigma Kappa, points out that discrimination works 
both ways. 'Sororities and fraternities are groups 
people choose [0 be a patt of: she said. 'People 
discriminate against us, too. We are an opponunity fer 
people to tap. If they have the energy and enthusiasm, 
they can be a part of the group." 

Randy Woodard , who acts in the capacity of the 
advisor to the Greeks on campus, dismisses the 
charges as "a knee-jerk reaction to the Greek system. 
Anyone opposed to the Greeks will bring up 
discrimination charges to make the system an issue. 

"It is very easy to single out any group for causing 
trouble. it is just as easy to single out the Greeks if 
there was a problem at a party or event as it is for me 
to say that "A" HaU caused aJroblem, because they are 
a group , 'Woodard continue . "There is litde focus on 
the Greeks when they sponsor a successful event. The 
Greeks provide an alternate means for students to be 
SOCially involved." 

Areas of speCialization 
Include 
Biochemistry 
Molecular Biology 
Pharmacology 
BiophySICS 
Immunology 
PhYSiology 
Cell Biology 
Microbiology 

of 

For lurther Information contact: 
J T Stull. PhD .. ASSOCiate Dean 
of the Graduate School 01 
BlOfT1edlcal SCiences. University 
01 Texas Health SCience 
Center. 5323 Harry Hines 
Blvd . Dallas. Texas 75235. 
Phone: 2 t 4/688-331 0 

UTHSCD IS an equal Opporlunoly 
unlverSlly 

Woodard's point is echoed by repr;esentlives of aU 
the Greek organizations on campus. leah Kochman, 
president of Delta Gamma, elaborates. "The sororities 
and fraternities make for a great way to meet people. It 
brings people with similar interests closer together. In 
a big university where there is so much competition, 
the closeness and friendship of a fraternal organization 
is very special: 

Kochman is quick to point out that Delta ~amma is 
not a sororiry but a girl's fratemity. The root of the 
word fraternity is the Latin word meaning brother. 
Delta Gamma takes the Greek rOOl, which means a 
group of people with common interests. 

In addition to being social, the fraternity or sorority 
often gets together to help a brother or sister who is . 
errant in his academics. "We help each Other out," 
said Jim Abbuhl of Delta Sigma phi. "We had a guy last 
quarter that was having some problems in school, but 
the (rat pulled Jogether and helped him through." 

Inevitably there will be controVersy in the Greeks' 
future at UCSD but the SYSlem is ·expanding. There are 
twO fraternities that are waiting for authorization [0 
establish themselves on campus, and both the IFe and 
the Pan-HeUenics are fonning committees [0 discuss 
the expansion of the Greek system on campus. 

Will there ever be a Greek "row" at UCSD? Some of 
the Greek organizations have had off-campus Mhouses: 
usuaIy an apattment or condo that the. frat or sororiry 
uses as a home base. 

David Haddad, president of Phi Delta Theta, recaUs 
his fraternity'S "house" last year. "We must have had 
around thirty big patties over the course of last year," 
he said, "but thIS year we are down to one party a 
quarter." 

. 

The general consensus 
among the Greeks is that 
owning a house would 
probably make things a lot 
easier for a fraternity or 
sorority. Few. however, are 
actively pursuing the idea. Tau 
Kappa Epsilon is talking about 
having a house in five years. 
A housing committee is 
making overtures to the 
administration and looking 
around for suitable off-campus 
locations. 

Alpha Omicron Pi has a 
housing fund, which, 
according 10 Deborah Grimm, 
consists of a one-time Sl00 
charge to new members. The 
fund goes 10 a building fund 
and 10 finding a temporary 
off-campus house. 

Annene Dale of Sigma 
Kappa feels that a row "would 
probably be beneficial in time. 
perhaps, but not now. To 
build a row right now would 
sacrifice the uniqueness of the 
system: 

The Administration has no 
plans for a row on campus, 
according to R~ndy Woodard . 

Business and 
Technical Majors 
Highly responsible positions 
for college seniors and 
graduates (through age 34) in 
financial and logistic support. 
The Navy Supply Corps needs 
highly qualified, dynamic 
individuals to lead and 
manage large inventory and 
financial networks. Salary 
$18,500 to start, $34,000 after 
4 years. Excellent benefits 
package. Need BAlBS, U.S. 
citizenship, Call Naval 
Management Programs, 293· 
6746, 8 am - 4 pm, Monday 
through Wednesday. 



BLACKWELI~'S 
Booksellers 

S II C H a t:1S<,;inat i ng plact'! TIll' very I)ookicst of book sh()p~, I ill-
cd with shel ves fllll or boob, full of 
tables cow red with hooks, p,1ssagl'~ 
and stairs lincd with and k.ldillg to 
more books. The Vl: ry floor \\a~ 
heaped up with hooks, We 1m 1\\ ~l'd 
at leisu re , No one came to disturh 
us or ask u ' to buy, 
I-/{OM 'OAHBAH:\ G(H~ TO ()XH)/U)' 

AMECCA Illr g~'Ill' rat ion ~ 
of Oxliml men 
Jnd book-loving 
visit()rs to th~' 
University City . 

BROAD ST., OXFORD 

Reviews 

The Collected Bob 
By ROBERT LEONE 

h is 1963, and UC LaJolla professor 
Gordon Bernstein has several problems. 
Interference is messi ng up his magneric 
nuclear resonance (MNR) experiment 
wlth Morse code messages. The rest of 
the f.lculty is .Iboul to disown hIm. His 
mother IS nymg m from New York to 
meet his girlfriend (01 literature grad 
studem who is on the pi)) and likes 
Goldwater). A Carl S.lgan type IS about 
to jump a)) over hIS discoveries and gIve 
hIS work n.\tIon.l1 lV exposu re, and hIS 
gradu.tte reseJrch aSSlst.lnr IS suffermg 
from gUllt-bY-JssocIJtlon perse(utJon. 

It IS 1998, .Inu John Renfrew h.ls 
several problems The eMth IS dying 
from .lccumulated pesticides .lnd 
fertilizer residues ViruseS l)f the most 
dead I), SOrt Me bemg gener.tted In the 
oceJns Jnd skIes. He IS trylllg 10 send 

mes~",ges (by medns of fdster-th,m-hght 
lae}'ons) to the 1960s, but he hJS 
prohlems With equIpment , personnel. 
funds . rhe unccrtJlnlleS of the ")lJI 
pmwr ~uppl)' at Lambndge. Jnd rh~ 
l,lttlnl'SS of ,I misogynIst ,ldmmIStr.nor 
r he only hope th.1l he h,h IS thJt the 
people of the p.l~t II ill Sln)1 uSing the 
fcnllJ ~er~ <lnd pe~uclde~ th.1! iJnded the 
world In ,u, h trouble 

\VhJt th61' two SLlel1llst, . thl'lr 
fnemJs. their .ls<,OU,tlt.: .. . ,II1U Ihelr kllol\ 
hUIll.1Il belOgs Jo I~ ,h(' .,ubJ('LJ of 
I IIIIt"«'I" , olle 01 ,hl Illost hllllllrl'd 
Ih)\l'I~ !>LJcnce "([11m h,h pmt!un'd 
1 It", Il,)\l'! IS"II Idl tiHlught Ilf th,l! . 1 

line of science fiction books has been 
na med after II. 

Gregory Benford's novel Timcscape is 
one of the three most fascinating and 
excmng fiction novels I have ever 
checked out of Cluster LIbrary. The 
book has excellem characterization, 
transcendental plot , good deSC ription (of 
people . actions , dnd places), and a 
chilling subject ( the dea th of the world . 
executed by agricultural chemistry) 
Gregory Benford also exposes the way 
science IS done In the world tOda), (not 
Jt all difficult for hIm , since he IS on the 
facult)' of UC Irvine .lI1d .I phYSICS 
professor) Jnd buman momes He Jlso 
expo:,es how little WI' know .lnt1Ut ome 
thlllgs. As the (hemisl Bernstein 
mnsults S.I},S , "We're b.lbes 111 the 
woods .Ibout J lot 01 thiS long-eh,un 
molecule stuff Just hecausc wc IlMkc 
plastic rJ lnCUJts don't think wc 're 
Wizard,. 

Gregol') Iknlord 's 11111C>l.UP< , quite 
slmpl)'. IS J line plete 01 literature th,1t I 
would rewillmend to .111 .lIld ,>unury. 
cwn Wi thout the UC S.1I1 Diego 
wnncctln/1 \Vllh h.l11 of the .,tol')' 
[.lkmg pl.tn: dUring [hiS 1I1SlitUUtm\ 
p,l.,t howl'\l'r It hecnmc., JlI~t I h.1l 1ll1lC h 
Ille)rl' Intcrl'stlng 

* •• 

Alrl r 27 Yl'.lh 1."I,ll· r\ 1111111 h,h 
1111,11" gllltl:n ,lrtllilld hI ftll",hll1 ' thl 
dllld ' lli ,hl' fill' fl.!ln ' Jetl'lIlIl' IWld., 

These novels. which are the crown of aU 
hiS fiction.ll posltronic robot stories, <Ire 
,1150 decem detective stOries , in the 
m,mner of AgathJ Christie. The Roboll oj 
Dawn. following in the inkdrops of 
CaVfS of Steel and The Naked Sun , is 
almost .IS much anthology of the future 
as mystery, so gettll1g to the bottom of 
things IS that much harder for the 
detective . 

Those who have already read the 
earlier books know of Llje Baley, his 
sometime pMtner, humanilorm Robot 
D.lneel Olrvaw, and the success they 
have solving murders 

ow, however. it IS not a human that 
Ites dead, but a robot, the only other 
robot who could pass for human besides 
Olivaw. 

Baley's task is to enter the society of 
the world of Aurora , where the murder 
took place, and find out not if anyone 
kIlled Jander Parell, but that the 

. shutdown of the robot's positronic brain 
was an accident If he fails, earrh's 
teeming billions will be denied access LO 
habitable planets by the technologically 
'superior Spacers, all future space 
colonies will look like Aurora (horribly 
stagnating and vulnerable), and Baley's 
career is down the rubes. 

If that were all, the novel would have 
a tough time filling 419 pages, but there 
is more. The only viable suspect for the 
murder of the robot, the only one who 
knows how to kill it by blOWing its 
mind , is Dr. Hans Fastolfe, its creator. 
The robot was acting in the capacity of 
sex object for .I woman Baley met while 
working on another case. He knows 
nothing about how things are done on 
Aurora (thank the suspense gods that 
hts hobby is anthropology), and even 
worse , he cannot stand to be outside a 
building, and Aurorans like to take long 
walks in the countrySide. 

On top of tholl, the bathrooms are out 
to get him. 

So Baley is trying to prove that the 
robot was not killed (but rather a 1011 to 
one chance panned out), trying to stay 
on planel, lrymg to find a safe 
bathroom, trymg not to jump into bed 
with GIJdia (unsuccessfully), ,md trying 
to keep Olrvaw out of the hands of 
Fastolfe's profeSSional rivals, including 
FJstolfe's daughter. 

He manages to get the earth out of 
the fire , blackmJiI everybody, and get 
back home. He dlso discovers who the 
real killer was, which may be of some 
interest to those who are Foundation 
failS . 

The two earlier novels in the series 
are a\t.lIlable sep.lr.uely or 111 the 
.lnthology The RC .~1 (u the Robots .It either 
Cluster or Cemral Ltbmry. Those of you 
who have never re.td .lny of Asimov's 
robm stO ries before should re,ld the 
Jmholog)1 I, I?o/wl bclore lhlS novel 

* • • 

It IS once again that time of century 
where highly paid magJzine freelancers 
and followt:rs of high school (e,lching 
regimens will be drawing rather more 
cheap-shot Iirerary parallels with George 
Orwell's anti-utopian novel 198-1. As Ree 
DeDonato, Cll,lster Undergraduate 
Library reference librarian, has pointed 
out, "The arrival of the calendar year 
1984 has renewed sc holarly and popular 
interest in Orwell 's viSion of this famous 
(or II1famous) date." 

Since the Guardian 11as been beaten to 
the punch by Forbes, Comm~tary, World 
Press Review, Harper's MagaZine, Time, 
and Amcncan Scholar (probably by 
P\4nc Ii), I will not bother to cover ground 
so trodden down that not even a literary 
Sherlock Holmes could ferret out 
information that is new. 

Instead , it would be more useful to 
use this space in notifying the world at 
large that Cluster Library has a very well 
put together and book-filled display of 
Orwellian books, including 1984, literary 
criticism, collections of Orwell's 
journalism and magaZine anicles, and 
other 'such stuff. If, perchance, that 
display has been removed , then there 
are stIll collections of OrweDian 
materials. 

DeDonaro of Cluster has com{)iIed a 
"pathfmdcr," a son of bibliography, of 
George OrweD containing biographies, 
bibliographies, criticism (both of his life 
and work), specific criticism of 1984, 
periodical articles, books specifically 
written for the year of the tide, and 
suggestions for funher research. All of 
this material (save one book) is 
cataloged for Cluster Library, and they 
should aD be in Central. 

According to De Donato. the 
pathfinder idea was developed by a 
librarian at MIT. Each one is the result 
of a search through the card catalog 
traCing aU or most of the threads of a 
topic (if it traced all the threads of a 
topiC, the 1984 pathfinder would end at 
poisoned arrows by way of Aldous 
Huxley), The objective is 10 save the 
time of a researcher by presenting 
multiple listings and breakdowns of a 
I.lrger category, such as George OrweU or 
the energy CriSIS. The scope of the 

. Orwell pathfinder is "Biographical , 
bIbliographical. and critical resources on 
George Orwell and his 1949 novel, 
1984." 

The Cluster libmri'lns. according to 
DeDonato, have com piled about fifty or 
so pathfinders, but they hdve purch~sed 
others , and they have Jbout 200 or so 
compiled by ContemporJry Issues 50 
students. These may be had for the 
asklllg at the Cluster reference desk. 

Anyw.1Y, DcDonato h.1S compiled .1 
vcry wcll-lilled pclthfmder, so there is no 
nceu for me to write .1 review of 198'/ 
(which. IOcidcmall)'. is b.lck in the top 
(cn limon paperback sa les list). Go to 
Cluster .lI1d /tnd one , 

In Edmund Crispin's Tht: Moving ToysItop the hero and detective 
play "'Detestable Characters in Fiction. Both players must ag~e, 
and they must be characters the author intended to be sympathetic. ' 
- 'Lady Chatterley and that gamekeeper fellow.' - 'Yes. Briroman 
in The Fame Quem. - 'Yes. Almost everyone in Dostoevsky. '" 
Perspectives is sponsoring its own version, consisting of entries of a 
few well-argued paragraphs - dropped at the Guardian offICes by 
next Tuesday at noon - for one's favorite detestable sympathetic 
character in fiction . The winner will receive Tltt: Moving Toyshop, 
and runners up will receive a great deal of satisfaction. Tile winning J ,! 
entry, and selections from runner-up entries, will be printed in our ' . 
next book issue. All are welcome. ' 

UCSD fpllS to 1-2 in league pjgy-

Another second-half lapse at the 
Pavilion leaves Marshall wondering 
By MIKE GREENBERG 

Defense (Difens). n. 1. defendingfrom OJ 
resistance against attack. 2. Something thai 
defrnds or protects against auack. 3. a 
just!Jication put forward in rtsponse 10 an 
accusation"" 

No HQ-d Coach Tom Marshall did 
not ~ake his players write the word 
"defense" on the blackboard fifty times. 
He did not have rime; he was tOO busy 
writing the word himself. After the 
UCSD men's basketball team dropped 
their second league contest in three 
outings to Southern California College 

With Bnlndon Nixon injurtd and ejected, 
Randy Benneu had to run the o.fcnM on 
his own. 
96-89 Tuesday night in the Pavilion, 
Marshall sat in his olTice, hands clasped 
behind his head, trying to figure out 
how his team could have so many 
defensive mental lapses in a forty-
minute ~ame. 

"The guys aren 't making physica~ 
errors," said the Triton coach upon 
reflection. -They know what they're 
supposed to do Ion defense) and they 
just aren't doing it." 

Marshall's main complaint about the 
defense that he takes such great pride 
in (he was "labeled" more of a defensive 
coach than an assistant under John 
Block the past two years) ~s the failure 
to pick up the open man In the 
transition game, a style of play which 
sec is nOled for. "We were nex 
switching well nor were we pressurill8 
the bal once they (the Va~rds) 
broke our press: said Marshal. "Once 
they break our press, it is so imponant 
to get back quic1cly to pick up the open 
man " 

One sec player who was left alone aU 
night long was 6-3 swinpwn Andre 

, Smith. The senior from llutna Pa", was 
phenorntnal, threading the net on al 
eievrn of his pni~r jump shoo en 
route to a game hl&h 22 poilUS, In raet, 
it WtlS Smith's theft COIWcurl~ 15-
foarers (ill unrnoltsrrd) dw .. vr tht 

Vanguards a commandin~ 13-poim lead 
early in the second half. 1 was m my 
rhythm, and Sherwin (Durham) was . 
getting me the ball where I could put It 
in the hole," said an elated Smuh 
afterwards. "We practiced aU week long 
against UCSD's 3-2 defense and found 
that it had a weakness Ispeclfically nOl 
reacting quickly enough to the weaks ide 
guard or wing when an oppon~nt moves 
the ball quickly J. and we explOIted It 
perfectly tonight." 

Although Smith did score against the 
3-2, the majority of his poims came at 
the opposite end of a Triton miss or ?n 
the transition game. Forward Steve Amt, 
who led UCSD with 20 poims, was 

. upset for his team's lack of efforr on 
defense. "Nobody was talking on 
defense: said Aim. "On a fast break, 
instead of picking up the man on the 
baD. we would just run to pick up our 
[assigned] man, leaving the guy with the 
ball [either Smith or Durham) all alone. 
Or else when they set up on offense, 
they would set a screen, and instead of 
switching, we would let the baD camer 
go by." 

Un one such occasion, point guard 
Randy Bennett was leveled by. a Dave 
Corsi screen while Durham slIpped 
around Corsi and drove the lane for an 

, easy two, Aint did add, however, that 
Marshall could do nothing to prevent 
this "lack of communication" because he 
was ·on the sidelines," and it was up to 
the players to take on the responsibility 
of "talking" among themselves, 
something they apparently fatled to do. 

Marshall had no comment about the 
players' communication problems but 
did discuss a related problem. 
According to the UCSD coach, many of 
his substituted players "miss 
assignments when they enter a 
ballgame," which of course made 
MarshaD ask the rhetorical question, 
"Are they paying anention to what is 
happening on the coun? If they were, 
how come they don't know what man 
they have (are supposed to j!uardP" 

These major dilemmas wiU have to be 
resolved quickly if the Tritons are gomg 
to even their league record with a 
victory over Fresno Pacific on friday 
night. One aspect of ~eir ~ame UCSD 
could improve upon IS their apparent 
lack of intensity at the stan of the 
second half. Although they played well 
against Azusa Pacific last Friday night, 
the contestS in between (both at home) 
were both decidtd at the ourset of the 
second !lanza. Against Biola a week ago 
UCSD possessed a commanding 2<4-12 
ha1ftimt lead, only ro set the EaIles 
~ them 18-4 in the firsr Ifve 
minaaes after intermission. UCSD went 
on to 10K 65-57. In Tuesday niaht's 
loss, the Vanauards scored the ABC six 
points, strea:hing a J9-~ hal&ime lead 
ro 45-35. With 15 minUlrs to F, the 
sec lead was 57-"" (an 18-9 span), 
and the oaacome was decided. 

"Smith was hot during that smak." 
said Marshal simplisticaly. ·We had 
some brralcdowns ddenslwly that 
.allowed them ro SCOR some easy 

baskets, and you can't do that and 
expect to win " 

L.lespite his not starring and still 
feeling the affects of a collarbone 
separation , one had to wonder whether 
Triton guard Brandon Nixon would have 
been a facror in the loss. Nixon was 
ejected eleven minutes into the contest, 
along with SCC's seldom used forward 
Greg Ward , for engaging in an 
altercation. Apparently Ward was 
bumping UCSD's leading scorer up a~d 
down the court, "provokmg Brandon, 
in the words of Marshall, when Nixon 
pumped him back. The two bumped 
some more, and before long Ward and 
Nixon were shoving each other and 
nearly exchanging fist cuffs. The officials 
interceded throwing both players out of 
the game. Since W<\rd only averages 
U!.ne minutes a conteSt, the loss was not 
tltarly as severe for the Vanguards as it 
was for UCSD. Not only did they lose 
Nixon's outside shooting, but the 
Tritons sorely missed Nixon's 
experience and compos.ure whe~ they 
needed it the most, dunng SCC s 18-9 
run that ic...-l the ~me 

Asked if Nixon's departure hun the 
club, MarshaU replied, "He is such a 
valuable player because he makes so few 
mistakes. What did we lose by? Seven? 
Don't you think Brandon's wonh seven 

points? I do?" As for the allegation that 
sec would use Ward as a "goon" in 
order to provoke Nixon into a fight and 
thereby h~ him ejected, Marshal only 
smiled and said, "It is funny that a 
resel'\le like that (Ward) would be the 
one ro get into a fight shoving match 
with Brandon." 

Vanguard head eo.ch BiI Reynolds 
baited at Marshal's insinuarion that 
sec would purposely use a !Crub to get 
into a fight with Nixon, "What 
happrncd on Ihe coun was~. 
1 never like ro set a 8Pt-~ .s no 
insauction on my pm or anycJIK on &he 
tam's for Ward and Nixon 10 tel InIO a 

fight. I teU all my players to avoid ~ny 
kind of altercation at aU costs. losing 
Ward was tough on us 100, even though 
he hasn't been playing that many 
minutes; his prOduction an~ size (6-3) 
are imponant to us. But I stIll feel bad, 
because I hate seeing players ejected for 
fighting: 

Nixon was unavailable for comment 
as he deparred upon the game . 
conclusion. But having to. play wllho~t 
the district's seventh leadmg scorer dId 
nor cost UCSD victory 'although some 
will surely say it did. Tuesday nis!tt's 
loss can be attributed to the team s 
woeful defense. And until the Tritons 
begin to play it correcdy both physically 
and mentaUy, they will continue to l~. 
In the meantime, it probably wouldn t be 
too bad an idea if they looked up the 
definition of the word defense. 
TRITON HOOP-LAB: Fllfing irrjor Ntxonat the 
off guard position, Jeff Ochroch lit up lhe Pavilion 
for a career high of 22 poinls, mostlY from long 
rangt .... The onlY rral come/xJck UCSD made infhe 
second half came after Grrg Kamanslry rwcnty· 
foour, when the freshman slolc an sec outlet pass 
and fed Paul Rasmussen for a left-lUIndcd slam t, 
Clll (he dcjicillo seven, 65-58 wilh four minutes to 
play. What hap~ned ntxt? sCC's Daw Corsi was 
left alone unda the basltcl for an taSy tw?' and afttt 
a Triton miss Smith buriLd a 16 foor raInbow from 
the Itft of the Itq to push the It ad back .uf' to 11 .... 
Jack Bloom, a senior from Hacl(nda Heights, made 



Derek Annstrong: Making a large-scale 
effort for a small-scale program 
By BRITA OlSEN 

Last season the men's Tmon soccer 
team finished with an even record . This 
season their record was 13-2-4 - an 
impressive Improvement. One of the 
major reasons for the phenomenal 
turnaround was the tremendous cffon of 
Derek Armstrong. the oach of the team. 

This is Armstrong's first year . eaching 
at a universay. but it is not hiS firs t 
coaching Job. He arrived In the United 
States In 1980 from England where he 
gOt his first Introduction to the game of 
soccer at age sixteen. By now It seems 
to him that he has been involved In 
soccer for his entire life. He started out 
as a player. and after retirement he 
bee-ame a coach . As a coa h in England , 
his ta lents eventually allowed him to 
become a profeSSIOnal soccer player. 
ThiS enormous amount of soccer 
experience makes Armstrong an 
irreplaceable asset 10 the UCSD team . 

Armstrong attributes hiS success with 
the team this year to "organization ." 
"Pre\~ously there was a defmite lack of 
o rgantzatlon . The team consisted of a 
couple of people With talent." ThiS 
season. since Armstrong tried "to get the 
best out of people ," the Tritons finally 
played together as a team . "In general" 
Armstrong says. "we were lucky with 
freshmen this year. and Team Captain 
[}ave GrIffm , a sentor. has been a 
tremendous help both on and off the 

lield: Other than th,ll the team played 
so much hke a unit th.l[ th,\[ Arms tro ng 
IS unable to name .10 ), outstandmg 
players on the tedm. 

Armstrong begms the Tritons' training 
19 days pnor to their first g.lme. as the 
nl lebook allows During this pre-season 
time period, Armstrong h.ls the team 
train !\Vlce a day to make the most of 
their shon dUotted training !lme. mce a 
player runs approximately five miles 
during a game. ge neral condltlonmg is 
essentiaL It IS onl)' during thiS pre-
'Season period th,1[ Armstrong permit 
the soccer team to train without the ball. 
For the rest of the ye.lr essentially all of 
[he drills and conditioning are done 
With the ball. 

The team's playing style IS neither 
Latin American (with a lot of dribbling 
and shon passes) nor European (with 
long kicks gemng the ball down the 
fie ld). but rather a comb ination of both. 
"I've seen a lot , and I'm open minded ," 
Armstrong says. "I take a bit of 
everyth ing and make a nIce cocktail " 
ThiS combination of styles IS now what 
is used in Engla nd . 

Ot only does UCSD appreciate 
Armstrong's expe nise, but this year he 
was appOinted as the coordinator for a 
United tates Soccer Federation 
symposium which was he ld last week 
on the UCSD campus. "It was so 

successful that they want to come back 
In the summer for two weeks." This 

,symposium Annstrong nores "IS good PR 
for the school," Since many high school 
coaches anended it. It should ensure 
many su cessful seasons in the future. 

"The one disappointing factor in the 
soccer program ," Armstrong says. "is the 
lack of quahty of facilities .... The 
IntramuI-.11 clubs share the 5.1me fields 
with the soccer team. and they are !!l 
very poor condition ." They were so bad 
th.\[ the partiCipants in the soccer 
symposium had to use other field 
faCilities off campus for demonstrations. 
The re a re now plans for upgmding the 
field because of the success of the 
soccer team this year, and Armstrong 
has alrcady ordered fertilIzer. 

ince U D -doe not o ffer athletic 
schol.trshlps, Armstrong's 
accomplishment with the TrItons are 
even more astonishing. When asked If 
the school's policy bothers him. he 
replied, "I could always be teaching at 
another unive rsity." Armstrong feels that 
the purpose of soccer at UCSD should 
be "to proVide a light side to the 
[players '] academic year" and release 
from academic pressures . With this 
.lttitude, soccer and academics can 
complement and en hance each other 
rather than connict. 

This philosophy of Armstrong's does 

not mean that he allows his team to give 
anything less [han d m.lximum effort 
On the co ntrary , he strongly beheves 
that "Whatever we d o. we can do 100% 
in both sc hoolwork and athletics ... and 
we proved [hiS year than we can do 
both ." 

"-With his-I!XpCrience, Derek Armstrong- . 
reS£utd lilt: UCSD soccer program two )'tars 
ago 

Hard work satisfies swimmers' goals 
By ROBERT GEYER 

ImagIne working out intenSively for 
two hours. seve n to [en times a week. 
Imi1gine [hose workouts Jre all In the 
wa ter and you swim between 5000 a nd 
7000 yards at each practice. That s six 
to eight mIles a day, 21-40 miles J 
week On top of thiS ImdgIne hftIng 
weights three times J week Why would 
you put your bod)' through such <In 
Incredible amount of .Ibusc Jlong with 
maIntaInIng J C J\,cr.lge In J[ Icasl 11 
unlls worth of dasse ] Bec.luse you arc 
on the UC -0 S\I'11ll tc,un . 

It 's ,\In,lzIng th,1t a DI\'lslon III slhooi 
unle.lshcs thIS kind 01 punishment on 
II ~ wimmer.,. One wllndcrs I\'h.lt the 
top DII'1510n III Sl hlKlb do. 11I1.lgInl' 
\\'h.1{ Dll'lSlllO II tC.lIllS l11L1st du ,lIld 
tg.lsp) [hosc poor lools \\ho 51\'1111 lor 
Dll'lslon I 1101\' do they sun'II 'e] 
RC.1ltSllC pOlm number one Nel'er 
undcrcslImJtc Uc.:SD Jquallcs I\'lth lIS 
new .Ill'. the CUlyon VIC\I' POll\. Jnd 
"'II'lmmlng (o.lCh Bill Morg.lI1 WhIlc 
1,llklng (() Btll lmc rc.lhze~ Ihc plltCnll.li 
01 hl~ Il'.lm .lnd hiS Icry PO,ltllt' ,lnd 

L()ns tnlllln~ .Iltllude 111\\'.\rtb "llInmIng 
1 mon lem,lle ..,11 IInmer" .Ire L urrentl) 

r,mked llilh In Dll'lslon III. \VhIle thl' 
Illtoll l:ll'n Ml' r.lIlkl'J Sixth ,\lorg,1Il I'" 
ple'hcd \\ Ith neither r.lnklllg "',I)'lng. 
Wc ,Ill' bl't('r th,1n [hose r,mklngs . The 

mcn h,I\'C grc,\[ dcpth . \\'hIle the \\'nmen 
h,l\'l' c'll~lll' l1I qu,lllt) " BUI \1 hy should 
UC-;D bc r,lllkcd ,ll high III the ftr,[ 
pl.lcc) ).I}'., MIlrg,1O We lI.lln .b h,ml 
,I'> .In) nlhl' r Dllbllll1 III te.\I11 In the 
11,\11011 . In 011'1:>1011 III lor the wnmen 
Lec MorroII' IS rJnkcJ itrst n.lllon,lll) fllr 
the IOO-}.lrJ ,IOJ 100-) .mJ hLllll'rll) . 
1'vltchellc 13r.lfm,1O IS ranked sClllnJ In 
thl" I DO-),.Ird I rec-st)·le ,U1t! B.lrb.lr.1 Ll'e 
IS r.lnked IhmJ In Ihl' IO-YMd frcl'. t)'k' 
rllr the l11en . BIll K,IZlntemWIl': I, 

ranked first in the 200- and 500-yard 
freestyle , and jeff Enright (a freshman) 
IS ranked first in the IOOO-yUd free 
style. We've got abilIry , and we Jre so 
far ahead [at thi s time of t~e year! of 
where we have ever seen before ," 

So what are Morgan .lOd his 
sWimmer shooting for? DIVIS ion Ill . 
what else! But what Me their present 
goals? n Saturday Janu.lf)' 28 .ll J 1.00 
,lin . Claremont Mudd ,lIld Pomon.1 
Pitzer \\,111 rome down to In Diego lor 
.1 (hree-\\',I)' meet Cl.lremonr's men .Ire 
r,mkcJ ~cconJ n.lllOnJll), In DII'1510n III 
,lnd POI11()nJ's women Jre mnkeJ 
:>econd ,IS well ThiS IS UCSD\ lme 
llppOnUnIt)' Il) .,wlm .lgJInSt .1 lOp 
DIVISlllO III l:ompctllor. It {Urns OUI th.1t 
mo,t \11 thclr l:nmpellllOI1 ,m: Di\l~lon I 
tC,II11>. In fact, the T mons have 
scheduled only three of their thirteen 
meets with DiviSion 111 opponents. 
So much for the myth that UCSD 
l,mnot compctc with DIVISllln I tC ,\I11., 
nr that they .Irc :>nmchn\\' hc)'onJ 

UC~D 
\Vh,1I I., Bill Morg,\Il S I'll'\\' (Ow,lId., 

hiS tC,lIn .IIlJ the Sptlrt) Hc "l'e~ thclll 
,b Indll·lt!u.lls. '1 hc)' ,Ill h.1\'e thclr (lIVn 
g(l.II., . . Intl hL' ,>L'e'> It .h hi:> Job tIl 
pn>\Ide Illl' he,t enVlfllnl11Cnt lor the 
,1lI,lInlllelll <11 thllSC go.le, [0 hlln 
L.:CSD . \\ IIh It, 1ll'lI' pou\. h.b rhe 
1.ILlltlll·" Ill' ,111) ' [OP I.\lcd SWlllll11Cr In 
1,llt the Il'UlIlll11g III lllp-lclel I rl,.,h 111,1 11 
h.!', been l'\lelk'l1! HOll l'vcr. l\h.1! (1I11' 
.,Ct·, 1110,[ III Mmg.In h hI'> Cllnlenl I(lr 
.111 \11 h", :>\\'II11I11C I.,. BIl l Jnes n(lt :>cel11 
(\I'L'rl) LllnLerned II Ilh \\Inllll1g I k 
\\,Int., t(l \\,In ,1., l11uch .IS ,Ill) (l[hcl' 
Cll.llh ),Ct 111"Ft· Illlpnrt.Int Ill' 1I'.lOts hh 
swimmers to be the beSt they can be. 
He expects no more and no less. 

"'\\'1111111Ing h ,I ,pnrt III whllh nne 

does not a lways win , but o ne can always 
gain. The swimmers gain when they 
attempt to .utain the goals which they 
se t for themselves, th ey have the 
sa tisfaction of knOWing that Ihey did 
their best. Wi n or lose, ·aUJIn or .fall . 
they did the ir best. and no one could 

ask for anything more. As Morgan says, 
"Both academics and athletics are 
important, but things have to be kept in 
perspective ." One can only do one's 
best . While some worry bout lOSing. Bill 
and the TritOn swim team think about 
gaining. 

Bill Morgan- "Borh academics and athletIC are important, but things have co Ix hepl in perspective." 

Running Thoughts 
By JEFF SAVAGE 

llllllgint: this: The Redskins b~ak huddle and eome up to_ the line. It's second-a~d-. 
lWO fonowing Riggins' blast for eight. The Hogs dig in. ThelSmann play-fakes to RigginS 
and drops back to pass. He has plenty of time. After drinki~, a cup of coffee ~nd 

~ading the newspaper he decides to throw. He lofts one hl~ down the left sIde . 
where An Monk has juked Lester Hayes and is sliding pasr Mllte Davis. The throw IS 
perfect. Monk catches it in snide and pIlops into the endzone. 

Imagine that. Imagine hard. ThaI's af it can be: imagination. It won't happen Sunday. 
The ~al scenario will be a second-and-nine for Washtngton after Matt Millen and 

Rod Martin shut down Riggins for a yard gain. Theismann is forced into a passing 
situation. He drops back and gets heavy pressure from Howie Long on the outside and 
Lyle Alzado from the middle. He desperately lofts one high down the left side where 
An Monk is blanketed by Lester Hayes, and Vann McElroy Sleps in to intercept and 
skip out of bounds, thereby thwarting another Redskin dri~ . The Raiders take over, 
Plunkett and Branch Dash from 70 yards and the Raiders put the baby to bed early. 

How can the Redskins, a team with a 16-2 record - with both losses coming by a 
single point - lose? Overwhelmingly. The '84 Raider team is on the field , and 
throughout the 20 or so years that evil genius AI Davis has been in~olved with ~e 
pride and poise of the silver and black, thIS group of guys fonns, WIthout questIon, the 
strongest Raider team ewr. The~ are several ~asons why. 

The Raiders have newr befo~ had a running back like Marcus Allen. Throughout 
the seventies they managed to win with mediocrity in the backfield . Plungers Marv 
Hubbard and Mark Van Eeghen and scamacks Cla~nce Davis and An Whittington 
~re cenainly nothing to get excited over. Allen is. There are better running backs, 
better receiving backs and better blocking backs in the Ieaaue, but Marcus is the best 
in the business at an th~e combined. AI Davis couldn't believe that Allen was stiR 
available when the Raiders drafted tenth in the first round two years ago. Allen's 
supem ai-purpose ability has caused a few clubs to recheck their scout list. Allen's 
counterpan Sunday is John Riggins. Heard of him? ":'hat ~ggins does he does very 
well, but he does only one thing: run . Because the Raider hnebackers and safenes 
know that if the Diesel doesn't get the ball ih the backfield he won't get it at aD. they 
can focus their attention on the tildtt ends or the third receiver when Theismann play-
fakes. The Redskin defense won't have that luxury. 

The '84 Raiders field their best defense ever and the beSt in footbaD, hands down. 
The line is solid and stingy, the linebackers are qUick and aggressive, the rwo 
come macks are the best in the league and the safeties foDow ~D in the Raider 
tradition of intimidation. The Redskins, by comparison, field a defense which can slow 
down the run bllt is susceptible to the pass ~ especiaDy the bomb. jim Plunkett likes 
to go deep, 

Although admittedly Plunkett does not rate with Kenny $(abler during his 2I0t)' years 
with the Raiders, the Heisman trophy winner from Swlford is a gutsy, big.piay poc~et 
passer who somehow manages to always get the job done. His counterpan Sunday IS 
joe Theismann, Theismann is overrated . He can't read a defense very well and his 
success has been based on a deliberate, new, extensive club effon to keep the pressure 
off him by throwing mainly on running downs and by resorting to safe . passes to avoid 
interceptions - at aD costs - whenever the Redskins are ahead 10 points. If . 
Washington faDs behind and Theismann has to bring his team back through the au 
(which hasn't happened this season ... yet) the Redskins are sure losers. 

There has been much talk of the great Washington offensi~ line. Many IonS-time 
NFL observers claim that the Hogs are the greatest group of linemen to ever play the 
game, These observers are right. But the Hogs have dominated their opponents with 
brute strength. It won't happen Sunday because Raider linemen BiR Pickel, Greg 
Townsend, Lyle Alzado and Howie Long a~ tanks themselves and will neutralize the 
Hogs. By the third quarter the Hogs wilf be about as fonnidahie as a plate of pork 
chops. Coach Joe Gibbs claims that his offense will not be intimidated by the Raiders' 

aggressi~ style of play. Don't be fooled, Once the Raider defense begins employing its 
secret weapon - the three .p" defense (pointing-pushing-punching), the Redskins.wiIl 
undoubtledly get caught up in it and consequently stray from their gamepIan. I can JUS( 
hear Mark May and Joe Bostic in the Redskin huddle saying. ·-&-C!I Alzada ... let'S run 
Ri,,!'5 at_ h!m .in, joe." 

AIIhou&h IaJFlY overlooked, the Raider offensive line is capable ~f p~ting hun ':l" 
enemy bodies. On pass plays the line has perfect£d the an ot hokhng WIthout getting a 
yeBow 8aa (unless, of course, the Redskins brought with them the same crew of 
officials that worked the 49fr game), and on running plays, offensive lineman Charley 
Hannah sums up the silver and black auack by saying, ·We don't take what the 
defense gives us. We take what we want." 

These two reams met eamer this season with the Redskins prevailing 37·35. A good 
indicaror? Hardly. It was played in RFK .. dium with the fans going hog-wild. But 
more imponantly, after cliff Branch scored on a 99-yard bomb from Plunk£tt in the 
second quaner, he puBed a hamstring. He did ~ot retu"! to action. Even more 
irnponantly Marcus Allen did not play at an. S«ill, the Skins had to sc:ore at the end to 
squeak by. Can you imagine if WaShington played the Raiders in Los Anseles without 
the services of An Monk and John Riggins? Ima&lne it. 

On Sunday watch the Raiders hapfiizardly scratch and claw their way into the 
endzDne. Wa~h the Redskins set shut dawn, get flustered and panic their way into 
misakes. Watch the Raiders waitt by 13. 

eKno 
5Gn Diego's Pat Robles (also known as the Knowltcie) hasn't missed on a Super Bowl 

.prediction for 11 )'tars. Hm's wh4t lit says on Super Bowl XVUl. 
The ~skins' evolution: The Rams gave them confidence. The 4gers hun 

them The Raiders will kiD them. Th~ Skins, proclaimed throughout the land as the next coming of ~e P~rs, 
w.:re re~aIed as mere monals when they came dangerously close to elimlnanon 
at the hands of San Francisco. .. 

Recently the Skins have been showing signs of wming Into the Washington 
pumpkins. Mark Mosely statted it by missing his first four fi~ld goals agalns.t the 
Niners, and their pass defense almost finished them off by .glVlng u~ 21. points 
in the founh quaner. Vince LDmbardi must have been tunung over In hiS grave 
watching this "dynasty" t~ blow a ~ig l~d . After aD, the Packers never needed 
help from the officials to WIn champ[onshlps,. , . 

The Skins show aU the signs of a team on the decline. It couldn t ha~ come at 
a worse time . 

The Raiders, on tht other hand, appear to be playing their besr during the 
playoffs. Their defense overpowered PittSburgh and shut down Seattle 
unmercifully. Even though they're both on ~e sa':'le ~ to Tampa, .Ut and 
Washington are twO teams rnoving in Opposite duecnons. The race IS on, and 
the road race will end Sunday. Who wiD win In the long run to the top? Wei, as 
eYe ne knows, ~Nobod walles in lA " 

IT TAKES A BEnER 
GRADE CALCULATOR TO 

GET A BETTER GRADE 
HEWLETT 
PAC KA RD---

$57.50 IUgg. I8IaII $70.00 

$73.95 sugg . .. toll S90.oo 
• Programmable 
• AdVanced Engineering and 

Statistical Functions 
• 203 Program LInes 
.21 storage registers 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 1O-d1g/t LCD display, 

HP-15C 

$98.50 sugg. retail $13).00 
• PIogranmable 
• Ccxmyter Science hnctlons 
;e BlnalY/Octal/Declmal/ 

Hexadecimal COI"'N8fSIons 
• 203 Progtam lines 01101 16-bit 

datoreglstels 
• 1'. and 2's ~ unsigned 

moctes 
• BOolean AK). OR, NOT. XOQ 
• RPN logIC, contfnuous i'nemofy, 

and 1Q.d1g/t LCD display, 

HN1C 

$159.95 
IUgg. I8IaII $195.00 

• PIogrammabIe 

• ProgI'CllTllTlClQIe 
• Englneertng and Statistical 

FunctIons 
• 79 Program Steps 
.10 Constant Memortes 
• RPN logic. c~tI~s memory. 

and 1O-d1g/t LCD cfsplay, 

HP-11C 

$98.50 sugg. re1!JIl $120m 
• Programmable 
• AdIIanced Englneertng and 

Statistical Functions 
• MatrIx Opera1ia'lS 
• SoIYe and Integrate 
• Complex Functions 
• 448 Program Unes 
• RPN logic. continuous memory. 

and 1Q.d1g/t LCD dsplay, 

HP-16C' 

• Oller 1~ ac:.M:Inced functkn 
• 400 ptOgt'Om lines 
• Alpha numeric display 
• Elcpartdable 10 2(XX) .... pri ..... OgI-ItJI .... m""llneI 
• OptIonal prlnt~/plottar. cqId IACldat':OotIeaI 'wand 

HP-41CV and. HP-41~ 0Y01ab1e 0110. 

"laiTY II_liS 
COMPUTER CEIITER 

Unlvenl1¥ of callfomla, San D'~o 
La Jolla, callfom'a 92093 

I 



Clasalfled adYertlstng space Is sold In 
100 character Increments. Each letter, 
punctuation mark and space between 
words Is considered a character, with 
capital letters counting as two 
charaders. The rate Is $1.00 per 100 
charaders for students and $3.00 per 
100 characters tor non-students. You 
must come by the office or mall In your 
ad, as we require payment in advance 
of publication. Deadlines: 5 pm 
Tuesday for Thursday's pap ... ; 5 pm 
Friday for Monday's paper. For more 
Information, call 452-3466 . The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Attn. Warren Students: "Meet the Profs. 
Paolo Dau, Philosophy, Mon. Jan. 23rd at 
7:30 p .m. in Apt. Rec Center. (1/19) 
Way Rod!!! KSDT Orientation. Thurs., Jan 
19 at 7:00, at KSDT. Be there or be a cyclic 
butane. (1/19) 
Interested in judging girls' gymnastics? 
We'll train. Call Robin 265-1240 or Tina 
578-8293. (1/30) 
Minority Editing Internships! Apply now 
for summer. Academic Internship 
Program 452.4355 Bldg. 406 We. (1/27) 
Study Groups now forming at 
Groundwork Bookstore In UCSD Student 
Center, beg Jan. 16. Brood range 
SOCialist tOPICS. feminiSm. world hunger, 
current Issues, economics, people's 
culture, theory of the collectIVe, etc 

on-hierarchical format, free! 452-9625, 
01 come 0 our TGIF Fri Jan. 13,4'30-6:30 
pm for more Info. (1/19) 
Done With the Odds and the F amlng 
HibachiS Saturday at the Che Cafe at 9 
pm Only one dollar (1/19) 
For the fun, the frills, the thrtlls that never 
ends, jOin KSDT on Thurs at 700 (1/19) 
NEED CASH? Earn $500 plus each school 
yeor. 2-4 (flexible) hours per week 
placing and filling posters on campus 
Serious workers only, we give 
recommendations. 1-800-243-6679. 
(1/30) 
Comm 100 course books brand new 
condition very reasonable call DaVid 
455-9936. (1/19) 
Come skank wildly at the Che Cafe with 
11 th St Roots reggae musIc by Night 
Shift. Featuring the Rhine and the Royal 
Court Horns This Friday night at 8:30 pm 
$2. We promise a great time! (1/19) 
MET. MUSEUM OF ART INTERNSHIPS! Apply 
now for summer. Academic Internship 
Program 452-4355 Bldg. 406 Warren 
Campus. (1/27) 

FOR SALE 
Yard Sale - La Jolla Chevy '77. bike, 
records, books, mlsc Jan. 21 . Sat, 10-3, 
7460 Cabrillo Ave. (1/19) 
Real Car Honest bargain It's Simple 
Reliable Chevy Nova - 77 Runs fine 
One owner. 454 2813 (1/19) 
'65 Mustang Fastbock New 289 engine. 
excellent condition, Pioneer stereo. 
$3200 7557236. (1/23) 
Brand new Hewlett-Packard 41C With 
quod memory' module (same memory 
as 041 CV) Will sell at a very low pnce -
Will accept any reasonable offer Call 
Jim 453-6872 anytime (1/19) 
Klngsizs waterbed bookcase 
headboard, 6 drawer pedestal. padded 
rails $225 obo Rob 753-3620 (1/19) 
lYPEWRITER FOR SALE. Smith-Corona 

Super 12 electric portable with ribbon 
cartridge and case. Excellent condition 
- like nev.t, $80. Call Fr. Frank between 9 
am and 10 pm any day at 452-1957 or 
453-1855. (2/2) 
78 Datsun King cab pickup 5-speed, 
cassette, 85000 miles. $3000 or best. Miles 
452-6954,272-8110. (1/19) 
Futons and Frames. 100% cotton very 
comfortable. use for both bed and 
couch. Golden Moon Futon, 274-4574. 
(1/26) 
Twin size bed, box spring, frame, and 
headboard. $75 o.b.o. delivered. 457-
3384 pm. (1/30) 
1973 VW But. New brakes, clutch, 2 new 
tires. $ 1200 or best offer. Call 453-4836, 
evenings. ( 1/23) 
TWIN BEDS For Sale - $25 e~h. Box 
Spring, firm mattress. Excellent condition. 
Phone 454-5751. (1/19) 
'77 green Buick Century v-6 4dr am/ fm 
a/c pis p/ b 50k miles, good cond exc 
steel-belted radials $1000. '78 white 
Horizon 4dr am/ fm a/c 42k miles very 
good cond must sell $1550. 578-3935. 
(1/23) 

WANTED 
Interested in computers? Computer 
accessory company needs shipp-
Ing/gen office clerk 25 hrs/wk. Requires 
lite typing & car. Call Lynelle at SGW 
Enterprises - 755-8324 (1/19) 

HOUSING 

Wanted. Female roommate to share 
duplex In Del Mar. Backyard, fireplace, 
kitchen and laundry facilities, fully 
furnished, one block from the beach. 
Available now. Call Mindi 481 -2863 or 
452-5643 (1/19) 
Roomate wanted to share room in U 
apt. Walking dist. to UCSD, bus lines. $ 165 
plus 1/3 utilities. Pool. jacuzzi and other 
extras. 457-2152. (1/19) 

SERVICES 

WordWrights for quality word processing. 
Fast drafts and letter perfect finals. 481 -
8395. (2/9) 
Typing , word - processing , tape 
transcription. Quality work at reasonable 
rates. La Jolla. Sandy, 459-58 18. ( 1/30) 
UNWANTED HAIR REMOVED PERM A-
NENTL Y near campus. La Jolla 
ProfeSSional Center, 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
SUite 1160-C Call for appt 453-7040. 
(6/7) 
Term papers - theses - dissertations. Low 
rates, fast service. Pro-Type. 454-6860. La 
Jolla. (6/7) 
Fast. accurate, high-quality, same day 
typing seNlce near UCSD. 16 years 
experience. Call Fery 452-1393 (1/23) 
StudYing at the Kaplan Center thiS 
quarter? I 'd like to, but lack 
transportation If you have room for 
another rider I would be glad to spilt gas 
costs Please call Sharon at 481-0156 
(1/19) 
Need a tyPiSt? Reasonaole. Speedy, 15 
years expenerce, Guarantee work. Call 
Kathie 576-1277 anytime. (2/16) 
Expertenced typtst Will type your term 
papers, etc. Call Becky at 268-3763 
(1/30) 
1YPlNG - $1 Pf3f' page discount Klnko's 

Copies La Jolla Village Square. 279-3243. 
(3/15) 

LOST a FOUND 

Found: Calculator in USB 2310 Call Paul 
755-3715. (1/19) 
Found ladies ring necr Bio-Med Library 
call with description. 466-3168. (1/23) 
Lost black Simpson motorcycle helmet 
in front of NCB reward call 452-8303. 
(1/23) 
Girl's jeans Muir Apartments' Laundry 
room taken home accidentally/ black/ 
blue pair David 455-9936. (1/26) 
Found: women's bike on Friday, 1-13. 
Please call & identify. 297-8591 . (1/26) 

PERSONALS 
Come skank wildly at the Che Cafe with 
11 th St Roots reggae music bv Night 
Shift. Featuring the Rhino and the Royal 
Court Horns. This Friday night at 8:30 pm 
$2. We promise a good time. (1/19) 

Pregnant? Choose alternatives to 
abortion. San Diego Pro-Life League 
Hotline: 583-5433, 941 -1515. (1/23) 
Get More Sex - become a dashing 
pilot/aviatrix! Join the UCSD Soaring 
Club. Call Alan, 566-7405 for more 
Information. (1/19) 
Sons of fathers in alcohol treatment 
programs are needed for brain wave 
studies by the Salk Institute age 18-30. 
Call Dr. AI Schmidt 453-4100 ext. 419. 
(1/23) 
Come, come, come! Come, come ....... 
and get oriented to KSDT in the student 
center. (1/19) 
Deadheads: Does anyone know where I 
can get a recording of the Fri Dec. 30 
show? Call Ken 279-3448. (1/19) 

TRAVEL 

The following trips are being organized 
to coincide with UCSO's spring break. 
Utah ski trip March 23-26 $134. San Felipe 
Mexico March 24-26 $115. Far more 
information contact Kav 268-8843 x370. 
(2/13) 



~"~ . . 
~". 

,. 

An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSO Community 
Vol. 5, No.2 bn. 19, 1984 



The Magazine 
of the '80s 

r.dttor 
NtDRN KCtlZR 

AMod8Ie Arb r.41tor 
JOH/'I/'Itt 
....... 

, 

MIKr: AHI'I, JAI'I BRtS -
1AlIr:R, CHRlSTOPtIU CMOIL 
JOM roRSBlRG. ROM HU • M.s. 
HUrrr (Gardening), PAUL 1'1. 
JOI'lr;s, CLYlXl'lt I'IU 

Itj.tus is publl~td tvtry 
Thur!JIUy 0( tilt tchool ~. 15 iI 
5uppltmtnl to tilt U(SD 
OOA,,*". lIqIroduction oi" 11K 
wlthoul wrltttn pmnluion 01 MY 
port Ion 0( Ihis JIIiI9IIIM Is .... 
no. lit wtlcomt unsollclltd 
Ittltn . .... nutcripb .nd Irtwork. 
bill ..- nO rnponsIblllly rOf 

Ih~ rdurn 0' such. Send 
inrOl1Jlltion to: 

"~TlIS 
~16. til Jolla 
. c . .. 9209' 

,,'1(1 !hilt, tilt fl<:t . Jlckl 

Contents 
Cover: Next to sex and eating, 
movies are the most popular 
pastime for the American public. 
The theaters in San Diego come 
under the close scrutiny of 
Hiatus on page 4. 

Dance In review , . . . . . .. page J 
The Lar Lubovitch Dance 

Company performed old and new 
pieces at their recent engagement 
at Mandeville, As always, everyone 
had a ball 

The Symphony ....... .. page 5 
The Beethoven festival 

sponsored by the San Diego 
Symphony enjoyed less success 
than expected. 

To be or not to be ..... page 6 
Mel Brooks is at it again taking 

yet another shot at history. 

Assorted Yinyl Report page 7 
Goings on page 7 

Cover illustration by David Fleminger 

" 

The Departments of History, Literature and 
Political Science present 

THE RIGHT HONORABLE 

NORMAN 
ST. JOHN STEVAS, M.P. 

Regents' Professor in January ... 

Norman St. John Stevas, 
Lead e r of the House of 
Commons, former Minister of the 
Arts, Parliamentary Reformer, 
Literary Scholar, and Well-
Known Public Figure in Great 
Britain, will give another public 
lecture this month: 

Tuesday, January 24 . 
8:00 pm, HL Auditorium 

"The Decline of Congressional Government 
in Britain ana the U.S." 

In addition he will conduct a Seminar on January 26 at 4:00 pm in 
Third College Humanities Building room 142; and deliver guest-
lectures in various classes in History, Literature, and Politica l 
Science. He will also be available on campus for consultation in 
TCHB 127. • 
For more information call the Literature Department, 452-3214. 

2 m.tu5 January J 9, 1984 

On the Herculean 
etJort of John UII 

- . 

We raise our hats to Mr. UII, 
Who seldom is, if ever, III 
(We'd like to raise our hats, but 
no, 
They went out thirty years ago). 
Unto our ears he olfers treats 
By being careful what he eats 
And gives us musical surprises 
By doing Swedish exercises. 
Because he's putting such a lotla 
Effort Into each sonata 
And into each concerto, he 
Must watch his system carefully, 
The surgeon general has proven 
A risk in playing much 
Beethoven, 
And so when UII opined he'd try it 
He thought about his health and 
diet. 
He gave up cakes and sweets and 
ices: 
for pudding celery now suft1ces. 
1"10 longer are his hunger pangs 
Dulled by biscuits and meringues. 
His doctor autlons he should eat 
Lot of nsh and lots of meat, 
Which by the stem physician's 
law 
Should all be positively raw: 

These are the cuI/nary vices 
For cause of art he sacrifices. 
Whose is the shape comes 

. through the fog? 
'Tis UlI's, for his predawnlngJog, 
He runs for fifteen miles, and then 
He turns and canters back again, 
He sprints along for miles and 
miles, 
Clearing fences. hedges. stiles 
(Or would. were any to be found 
On any non-Great BrItish 
ground). 
He keeps his tlngers like elastic 
By following pursuits gymnastic. 
He goes to bed before eleven 
And rises the next day at seven, 
His early hour of retiring 
Designed to keep him from 
expiring, 
for In his regimen he plays 
Six evenings every seven days. 
f.ach concert last a couple hours. 
Whkh taleS his athletic powers, 
for much of John UII's virtuosity 
Depends on muscular velocity, 
And If at any time be wearies 
UII never will survive the series. 

-JIIHS Ralpb Papp 

(see mated commentary on page 5) 

January 20, Friday, 8 cSt 10 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
L....-_ UCSD Box Office &: Ticketron: 452-4559 __ ....J 

By rAUL Jorwi 
Leo Tolstoy wrote m Dance In 

his 1896 book WhfIt isM?: The 
billet in which hM{-lIIIkt!id 
women make voluptuous 
lItODeIftenLs. twisting thflm-
xiDU into ,.rious 5e~1 
wrathings, is simply. laud 
fJDf'otrunce. 

Perhaps It Is best that poor 
Count Tolstoy was unable to 
attend last rrtday's campus 
performance of the Lar 
Lubcwltch Dance Company. It Is 
highly doubtllli that the count. 
despite (or perhaps because of) 
his Christian anarchist 
principles. would have e~ 
this modem dance company. 
whose performances the ur.o 
brochl.lR describes as "heady 
experiences permeated with 
primal ecstasy:' 

But lewd or not, ecstatJcally 
primal or not, the Lar Lubovftch 
performance IDelf showed the 
antJclpated high quality of 
technical craft execution. 1bere 
have been few dance companies 

to recently grace Mandeville's /'text came the humor for the 
Auditorium's Inadequate stage evening: "Pllne Person Ball 
(Inadequate not only for dance Passing:' choreographed by 
but for almost everything else) Charles Moulton with music by 
that have given such a A. Leroy. Three groups of small 
thoroughly professional dancers sit, one group behind 
performance. Unlike last year's the other, on a small ascendlng-
performance of the Amerlcan stepped platform. In time to 
Ballet 1beatre u. the dancing of Leroy's music. each dancer sits 
the tar Lubovltch was relatively and with one hand passes a 
Au m distracting technical tennls-slze orange ball to one 
ftaws In the lighting. sound, dancer while simultaneously 
stagbIg. and In the dancing receiving, In the other hand, 
Ibdf. another ball from another 

1be progJam begin with dancer. hence the title. 
"l"Iorth Star," choreographed by Choreographer JItoulton seems 
Lubcwltdl and with music by the to exhaust all the mathmatlc-
contemporary composer Phillip ally possible comblnaUons in 
0Iass. With the title of "1"Iorth which nine people can PH' nine 
Star." an attempt at an balls to each other. 1be balls 
astronomical Interpretation of ~ passed straight forward. 
It can be applied. AlternaUng straight back, and diagonally 
between groups encompassing across the three groups of three: 
the entire ellllelllbIc. the two the balls were passed. tossed, 
groups m quartets. and the two and bounced In a seemingly 
soloists (Peggy Baker and Rob endless variety of ways. It was 
Bessem), the dancers spiraled .-eat fun to watch and. judging 
like galaxies. swirled like ' tiom the audience applause. was 
cosmic gases. and exploded I!ke the favorite of the program. 

SCHOLARSHIPS 
to 

MEDICAL / OSTEOPATHIC 
SCHOOL 

U.S. Citizen, GPA 3.5 
Between 19 and 35 Years Old 

Full Tuition, Books and Authorized Fees 
Plus $579.00 Per Month 

For details call 
NAVY MEDICAL PROGRAMS 

(619) 293-6746 
Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. 

After Intermission came a 
preview performance of "Adagio 
and Rondo for Glass 
Harmonica," choreographed by 
Lubovltch with music from 
Mozart·s Ada!Jio and Rondo in C 
Minor for Glass n,nnon;a In 
this piece Lubovltch attempts 
to combine modem dance with 
classical ballet. Although many 
classical techniques were 
Incorporated, none of the 
dancers went up on point 
(Impossible since the dancers 
here, as In all the performances. 
danced with their feet bare). The 
"Adagio" was primarily a duet 
between dancers Christine 
wright and Leonard Meek. The 
Rondo encompassed an 
ensemble sextet along with the 
previous duet. Lubovltch 
atches the 18th century 
Mozartean chann (complete 
with costume). but technically 
it was tire least convincing of 
the night's performances. 

At the last of the program was 
"cavalcade." choreographed 

again by Lubovltch, the musk 
by steven Reich. Here was the 
high point of all the 
performances. Against Reich's 
forceful tempi (quicker than 
Glass'), Lubovltch creates an 
entire t1eld of kinetic energy. 
clarity of movement, and 
virtuosity of technique. This 
exuberance of motion was 
enhanced. toward the end of the 
piece. by the use of "streamers": 
small batons, attached at one 
end to nve or six feet of ribbon, 
then twirled at full ann's length. 
by the entire synchronous 
ensemble. The execution was 
flawless. 

The I.ar Lubovltch Dance 
Company comes here annually, 
so If you are here next year, do 
not miss It. Such dance 
expresses In the human form a 
lyrical quality that 15 materially 
Inherent In all of us. As such It Is 
to the credit (regardless of 
Count Tolstoy) of our humanity 
that we are able to recognize It 



Vincent Price once said, "The 
cinema has bred a race of giant 
popcorn-eating rats, " 

Most people don't consider 
the sort of theater they are 
going to but rather the movie 
they are going to see. There are, 
however, many elements of a 
theater that can effect the 
viewing of a film. filmgoers 
have to deal with how 
comfortable the seats are, how 
much leg room there is between 
the rows, whether the popcorn is 
freshly popped or has sat around 
for a while, whether the theater 
uses butter or "non-butter" to 
top its popcorn, how highly 
priced the tickets are and how 
watered down the soda is. 

The New Age Cinema 
good chance fOr those who 
missed the HIm on its early 
release. 

The two theaters are not as 
small as most of the 
multiplexes. The seats are 
comfortable, but the floor is 
Invariably dirty: what do you 
expect for a dollal'? One word of 
advice. If one is going to see a 
tUm there, It Is best to get there 
earty to buy tickets. Over all this 
theater Is about a six. 

San Diego is lucky to have a 
large selection of theaters: 
these range in size from the 
large lOOO seat theaters to the 
smaller 125 seat multiplex 
theaters. These also represent a 
broad state of design and 
condition and can easily I>e 
rated on a scale from one to ten. 
Pacific's La Jolla Village Square 
- Of all the multiplex theaters 
around campus, this theater has 
the best physical layout. In the 

two larger theaters you never 
get that cramped feeling. Even 
In the other two theaters the 
seating design allows for 
excellent viewing of the screen, 
and the seats are comfortable. 

It serves the usual fare of 
popcorn and sodas: hamburgers 
and hot dogs are also on the 
menu. Served in an assembly-
line process, it seems to be 
efficient but a little 
dehumanizing. They also don't 
serve real butter on their 
popcorn but use instead a 
butter-flavored topping. 

The most unusual part of this 
theater is that the restrooms are 
located upstairs, but unlike 
most theaters they are generally 
clean. Over all it is an eight. 
Tuesday is their bargain night. 
flower Ifill Cinema J - This is 
a little more out of the way for 
most students but still a good 
example of what a multiplex 
theater should be. Of the three 

By elYDfrif riff 
theaters, the largest one Is the 
best Jor seating and viewing 
films. The other two are 
mediocre. 

What sets this theater apart 
from most Is that they pop their 
own popcorn but don·t use real 
butter topping. The theater did 
use butter for a while but found 
that most of their customers 
were concerned about the 
cholesterol and switched to a 
non-butter topping. The theater 
is a seven. 
Mann 's University Towne 
Centre - If the Soviets decide 
to subvert the American 
population through brainwash-
Ing techniques, this would be 
the ideal location and setting 
for such an operation. The seats 
are uncomfortable to the human 
form. The leg room Is almost 
negligible, and the seats are 
almost always dirty. 

They serve the usual fare of 
theaters . However, their 

NAVY NUCLEAR' 
ENGINEERING 

any better offers? $24,000 
to $54,000 after 6 years. 
If you are 19 to 26 years 
of age majoring in math, 

chemistry, physics or 
engineering and would 
like to learn more about 

this opportunity 

CALL 
COLLECT 
(619) 

293-6746 
Call between the hours of 9 
am to 5 pm, Mon . thru Wed. 

F 0 R 0 V E R II 5 ? 
R 

'r- '--+1' H E F S 
I 

A Niv R w -'.f.~~ ; o· 
.,. R _ 

-liN D 
-r 

p RE e.d R A r 110 N 
S 
T I 
~CROSS DOWN 

1 l5AI 9 VA l 1 NMR 9 GRI PSYCH 
2 GMA I 10 IOfil 2 VfJ[ 10 CAE 610 
3 GAf II ,~AI 3 WM(i 11 ACHIEVEMfNI \ 
• MeAl 12 P\A' • III \ 12 NURSING ~o~ 
5 ilAI 13 'AI 5 NOB 13 ~PA 
6 "'AI 14 .\t I 6 NPS 1C SPE Hi Rf AOi" (' 
7 peAl 15 \4 " H ' 7 ~(B 15 ESI REVlfW 
8 lit Al 8 UII'~ 16 INIRfI 10 

lAW c:.C H(l(l1 

ClASSES ON CAMPUS 

~'H lUI N 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

I wi' '" """'t • I 

San Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave .. Suite 20 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27~10 
M.L McNulty. AdminlstratOl' 

4 maw January 19, J984 

If Christopher Columbus had 
been content to ship cargo around the 
Mediterranean, he would have missed the 
opportunity to discover the New World. 

lfLINKABIT engineers weren't 
thinking about what could be, instead of 
what is, we wouldn't be at the forefront of 
the telecommunications industry. 

Thanks to a cadre of conceptual 
achievers, however, LINKABIT has 
continued to set the standard in diverse 
and complex projects such as MILSTAR 
terminals, video scrambling equipment, 
domestic satellite systems, modems, 
codecs, advanced processors and fault-
tolerant systems . 

Now, we're looking for more of the 
same kinds of thinkers to join our ranks in 
the following areas: 
• Satellite Data Communications 
• Satellite Network Technologies 
• Infonnation and Network Security 
• Speech Coding and Compression 
• Local Digital Switching Systems 
• Modulation and Coding Teclmiques 
• Synchronization Techniques 
• Advanced Digital 

Signal Processing 
The creative, free-thinking 

atmosphere at LINKABIT promotes 
excellence and is a reflection of our 

popcorn comes out of 
mysterious bags and Is reheated 
for public consumption. When 
asked about the topping they 
put on the popcorn, the 
management declined to 
a_er. 

Of all the theaters In this area 
It also seems to have the most 
technical problems I have evcr 
witnessed. On numerous 
occasions the sound has gone 
out or the picture has died. 
Combine all these unique 
qualities. and the theater rates a 
three. 
Pacific's C/airemont Theaters 
- Every night is bargain night 
at the Clalremont. and for a 
dollar one can see a double 
feature. The only catch to this 
deal is that the Hlms they show 
are usually the dregsofthe first-
run feature films that have not 
done well in the attendance 
department or have lost most of 
their drawing power. This Is a 

MC fashion Valley - This 
theater offers a wide selection of 
tUms to tempt the filmgoer's 
tastes. It Is the only nrst-run 
theater In San Diego that pops 
Its own popcorn and serves real 
butter, which has made it a 
favorite of the film connoisseur. 

The only major drawback to 
this theater is the seating 
design. The seats are not very 
comfortable, and the rows tend 
to rise close to the screen. The 
best way to get around this 
obstacle is to sit no more than 
ten rows from the back of the 
theater, and always sit on the 
aisles. 

fven with the seatirtg 
drawback the theater rates a six. 

physical envirorunent. San Diego, 
America's Finest City in location, climate, 
cultural and recreational facilities, offers 
you and your family an Wlsurpassed 
lifestyle. This invigorating setting, 
combined with the challenge, satisfaction, 
and reward of a career at LINKABIT, 
provides an unbeatable opportunity to 
fulfill your goals. Opportunities are also 
available in the Washington, D.C. area 
and Boston. 

On Campus Interviews 
Friday, January 27 

Please contact your College Placement 
Office to arrange an on-campus interview. 
If you are unable to meet with our 
representatives, please forward your 
resume with college transcripts to: 
Dennis Vincent, MIA-COM LINKABIT, 
3033 Science Park Road, San Diego, 
CA 92121. 

~-- --:_[_~~i 
-I-M/AoCOM LlNOIIT, INC. 

Equal 0pporlunl1y 
Affirmative :t\ctlon Employer 

Wbat if they bad 
a concert and 
nobody came? 

By JAIIIfS MLFII rArr 
The San Diego Symphony's 

Beethoven festival has required 
a titanic effort, and all Its 
elements presaged success. for 
the sonato part of it a number of 
halls were checked for their size, 
facilities, and acoustic quality, 
and UCSD's Mandeville 
Auditorium was hit upon as the 
right one. John UII. a pianist 
experienced with already having 
performed a series of all the 
sonatas In London, was brought 
here at no doubt considerable 
but well deserved expense. 
Whether one considers 
Beethoven the greatest 
composer who ever composed 
or merely among the top two or 
three, it is true that he can 
certainly draw them In. 

However, they, the crowds, 
have so far not been drawn In, 
and assuming that not all or 
them can belong to a society for 
the suppression of Beethoven 
festivals, one is given to 
speculation about what has 
gone wrong and whether It can 
be put right 

The first, more general. and 
less interesting answer Is that 
the pUblicity has not been as 
early, as strong, and as 
sustained as It needed to have 
been. for months it was known 
that there was to be a festival or 
some sort about this time, and 
there was a big gap in the season 
left for It. But what kind of 
restlval It was to be remained 
shrouded in secrecy. tither the 
employees of the Symphony are 
more trustworthy than 

Presidential aides, or people are 
not as interested In the 
Symphony as they are In the 
White House, for the Beethoven 
festival was kept a much better 
secret than the Stealth spy 
plane (the jet that nobody Is 
suppOsed t» see and that 
everyone heard about). 8y the 
time or the denouement the 
space In which to buy tickets 
was short, and people did not 
have enough time to 
thoughtfully consider purchas-
Ing tickets or to have It 
drummed into their heads 
unwillingly that they should. 

Then only a few advertise-
ments appeared. People 9ught 

Meet Gl»wJ McGJand, poet. 

to know that when they have an 
opportunity to hear all the 
sonatas and concerti of 
Beethoven, an opportunity 
never berore presented to 
anyone, they should jump at the 
chance. Hut people often do not 
know what they ought to know, 
and it is the position of 
publicity offices and advertisers 
to remind them. 

8y now the advertising has 
subsided. The Symphony 
expected most of the ticket 
money to come forth from 
subscriptions, but the 
subscriptions have not been 
forthcoming. TO-o little 
advertising too late has also 

stopped too earty. The result is 
that Mandeville Auditorium has 
yet to be half full for any sonata 
performance. 

However, a few paragraphs 
back I promised there was a 
more interesting explanation on 
the way, and if that Is not true it 
has at least kept me writing and 
you reading this far. The 
Symphony plopped the sonata 
cycle down In the middle of an 
academic community but made 
little or no effort to appeal to 
that community. The sonatas 
are not supermarket music 
(except for the Moonlight, 
which Beethoven could never 
have foreseen), and they do take 

some mental application and 
stamina to sit through. The 
effort is worth it, but there is an 
effort, and who are more 
accustomed to the Intellectual 
workout than UCSD students? 

The Symphony even went so 
far as to give us a half-price 
discount. making a wealth-
requiring $10 ticket a poverty-
welcoming $5. Yel by the time 
the announcement of the 
festival came there was not 
time to communicate it In any 
campus newspapers, either The 
Guardian, . niatus, or the 
Ollifomia Review (which prints 
Symphony schedules). /"lor was 
there any effort to advertise in 
campus publications, nor to 
distribute schedules (which 
have almost run out now), and 
only a few posters have 
appeared. Had the Symphony 
counted on our month-long 
vacation from school and our 
finals-long hatus from everyday 
lire, since the festival began 
just before classes started again, 
there might have been a whole 
new audience waiting for it. 

A community, especially an 
academic community, must 
have a rew hundred people 
Interested in hearing the 
Beethoven sonatas played by 
someone with emotional and 
aesthetic panache on an 
instrument. although out of 
tune a few nights ago, capable of 
beautiful and terrific sounds. 
Besides all that, the cost is 
about as near to nothing as one 
can get in the concert world. Hut 
most people still do not know 
that the sonatas are all being 
played in Mandeville, they have 
not been told about it, and the 
Symphony's publicity office has 
taken a false economy. 
Editor's note: The remaining 
Mandeville sonata concerts will 
be pla~d on January 21, 23, 30 
and febn,Jary 1 at 8 pm. 

The Professional School 
He drinks and lies. SIreps wltb other med; wilffl. 
He hasn't written a word in .}«UN, 

.lor Humanistic StudIes 
A Graduate School oj 

ProftsSiona' Psychology 
Harold Greenwald, Ph.D .• President but ~ lWIl1aTJ he meets falls in kNe with him. 

CongrnfllJatioiJs Gutvan, 
you're finally tnmed failure into an art Ibrm! 

1'MNTflIt CfHTIJI'I./II( ItifAS( 
IIfWTENTfIIIMMIIT~_A_ HNIiONPIID.VION 

TOM CONTI il REUBEN, REUBEN 

, 

.fOIERTS 1l.(l'ID,l.~ ___ KEllY McGILLIS 
-.:::PElt:R IleVRES =":tElfMNSltM.IN .::;::PElt:RSTEIN =::PHlIPB. EPSTEIN .IWIALLINGHAM ~ 
...::.u.USJ EPSTEIN -=IIUY~~.u.usJ. E~ r=:::'i~~~ fI 
-:WALTERSHENS1J4 """::fOIERTEI.l1IMIl.l£R 

~ANNT",AT~I' CINEMA 21_ilL .. 291.212_ ... __ " 
. ,' ...... ',1· .. I .. · . "1 . 

STARTS FRIDAY 
EXCLUIIYE E_IEMEIT 

1:15' 3:30' 5:'5' 1:00 • 10:10 

ilK Pr~ssional School is offering partial scholarships Jor both the M.A. and Ph.D. 
COUNSEUNG PSYCHOLOGY programs Jor Winter Quarter. Our graduares quaHfy Jor 
licensing in the State oj California. both as PSYCHOLOGISTS and/or as Marriage. Family 
and Child Therapists . 

A distinguished J(J(ulty oj experienced psychologists oJftr classes specifically designed Jor 
working profeSSionals. Classes are held in the elltnings and on weekends throughout 
California and speCial Jormats have been 5£t up /0 accommodate out-oj-state students. 
Recent faculty lectures have included such recogniZed authorities as George Bach, Albert 
Ellis, Nathaniel Brandon, Erv and Miriam PolSler and Zerka Moreno . 
For furthertnJormatlOn call or write to: The Profmional School. 2425 San Diego Ave., San 
Diego, Ca. 92110, (619) 296-4472. (Learning centers located throughout California). 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
'One Hour Service ~tcases 

INCLUDES: 
Contact lenses, examination, 
patient training, follow up, 
chemical care kit and fitting. 
EXTENDED WEAl LENSES 

. ONLY $165.00 
THE CLASSICAL EYE I 

DR. ROIERT HELLEI OPTOMETRIST 
La Jolla Village Square 

(Inside the Moll; Lower Level) 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive • Suite 136 

451-7374 
Hydrocurve extended war lenses available. 

--

January 19, 1984 nblw 5 



"-,. (aught in a Bind~ 
f' 

~ 
4(j7·~~c)~ 
Introductory Special 

. ulith t"is ad Ollly 

12 Haircuts 
_IU.' for students 

with selected hairstylists 
re~.'u la rl y s.!2 (women>. Sl\-l (men) 

Nails 
Srulpt l/rcr! /Vai/s, ft'/{. $ 411, 1I1J11' $25 
1-111.\, "I!- $:!(), 11011' S 1.5 
,1Iall/<'II res, ng. $7, '1U1I ' $,5 
H'd" 1/1'1.' , ng. ' 16. 11011' $12 
Jil/ielll' II"mp. 1'('11. $14, 110/1' $ J 2 

8950 " ill" La jolla Dr. 
Suite 1122 

La jo//o, Ca, 920:17 
Offt'r expires 1/25/ 84 

\ P 

Kinko's is there 
for that last 
minute copy job. 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Ralphs/Sav-On Shopping Center) 

f~ I ~ , ~' 

M-Th.8-8 
Fri. 8-6 
Sat. 10-5 
Sun. 12-5 

~~~. 
Problem. 
You're going bananas. After years of study, theory 
and philosophy, you're ready to apply your 
knowledge in a meaningful career. What to do? 
Where to look? 

Solution. 
MAl/Basic Four Information Systems - a leading 
designer and manufacturer of small to medium size 
business systems. 

Immediately, you'll begin your career with 
technical challenge and opportunities. Your responsibility 

will increase as fast as you show your ability to handle it. 
We'll help you continue to grow through our on-site 

advanced degree programs and 100 percent 
tuition reimbursement. 

On Campus Interviews 
January 25 

Contact your Placement Center for more information. 

6 #I.t"5 January 19, 1984 

Basic Four 
Information Systems 

14101 New Myford Road, Tustin, CA 92680 
Equal Opportunity Employer MI F 

® 

Brooks' film 
takes modem 
potsbots 

By lAI'iCf BfRMRD 
Just as he lampooned frankenstein, 

Hitchcock and the Wild West, Mel 
Brooks returns with To Ile or Not to Ile, 
an amusing spoof of Emst Lubitsch's 
original 1942 comedy. 

The plot concerns a group of actors 
in Nazi-occupled Warsaw who outwit 
the Gestapo and save the Polish 
underground from obliteration. The 
talented cast Includes Brooks as the 
troupe 's pompous frontman. Anne 
Bancroft as his wife. Tim Matheson (of 
Animal "ouse fame) as her lover and 
Jose ferrer as the traitorous Pole whom 
the troupe seeks to nail. Other cast 
members Include Charles Durning and 
Christopher Uoyd (Taxi's Reverend 
Jim) as half-wItted Gestapo brass. 

Though Brooks did not write or 
direct the film. much of his 
characteristic humor shines clearly. 
despite its sanitized content Much, like 
Young f'rankenslein nine years ago, 
the production adds several 
modernized comic twists to the classic 
story, creating a pleasurable 
reincarnation of Lubltsch's lightweight 
comedies of the pre-war era. Brooks 
and 6ancroft also excel In recreating 
the original roles pla)ft by Jack Benny 
and carole Lombard. 

To Be or /'lot to IJe Is not explosive 
entertainment nor does It sean likely 
to generate the following that other 
Brooks films have. But for a quaUty 
selecUon on dollar night, It proves 
Itself a worthy choice. 

new year and 
a new album 
for Van Halen 

By 1JUItC[ KIIMHD 
In the wake of 1982's eclectic Diver 

Down LP, Pasadena rockers Van Halen 
enter )let another musical phase with 
1984, a collection which moves the 
listener in two different musical 
directions at once. 

Taking a less varied approach than 
that of their previous release, Van 
Halen chooses to orient themselves in 
a more subdued, progressive manner 
while simultaneously reacting with 
tunes reminiscent of thdr earlier, less 
exploratory line of attack. 

Side one takes the former stance, 
leading off with the title track. a brief, 
synthesized Instrumental which leads 
Into "Jump," a potential chart 
contender with a surprisingly softer 
edge than previous standards. "Top 
Jimmy" and "Panama" partially 
retrace the quartet's swaggering past 
with a less regressive, more hard-rock 
feeling. 

Side two takes the band's 
aggressive. machismo side and 
accelerates It to proportions beyond 
the past. Titles like "Hot for Teacher" 
and "Girl Gone Bad" will doubtlessly 
appeal to Van Halen's hard-core fans -
those who prefer David l« Roth's 
drowning screams and fddle Van 
Halen's aimless, wailing guitar riffs. 

Overall, the record should be 
reckoned with by music buyers. Those 
who expect a more palatab}e Van Halen 
may be dismayed, just as followers of 
the foursome's raw, unrestrained facet 
may resent their move toward pop. 
Nonetheless, Van Halen does possess a 
creative. semi-talented side: getting 
them to use It Is another matter. 

Gala Cabaret ~venlng, to 
benefit UCSD music student 
research. friday, at 8 pm In 
room B2l0 Mandeville Center. 

Clowns, belly dancers. 
gypsies, fortune tellers. singers, 
and musicians. from the Music 
faculty and the community at 
large, lend their talents to make 
the occasion an authentic 
cabaret. Cabaret songs by 

Schoenberg, french " Pop 
Songs," some cool jau and laid 
back Salle, executed by soprana 
Carol Plantamura, bassist Bert 
Turetzky. pianist Jean-<:haries 
francois. nutist John fonville, 
percussionist Dartyl Pratt. 
provide the musical fare. among 
a host of others. And of course. 
there will be food and drinks. 

Admission: (tax deductible) 
$7.50, students/seniors $5. for 
Information call 452-3229. 

••• 

Atomicafe presents Its first 
concert of the Winter season 
Tuesday. at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Three of the works to be 
presented are dedicated to the 
memory of John Lennon, 11 :01 
PM PST. by John Stevens, an 
"audio-documentary" tape 
piece made from radio 
broadcasts and recorded 
material on the night of 
lennon's murder. represents a 
powerful personal statement of 
loss and frustration. 

Adm ission Is free. for 
information call 452-3229. 

• • • 

Champion concert fiddler. 
Marie Rhines, a one-woman 
canterbury Orchestra. breaks 
down the barrier between folks 
and classical music In concert 
on the Wednesday evenings at 
the Mandeville Center, 
sponsored by the UCSO Music 
Department. Wednesday 8 pm. 
In the auditorium. 

Rhines. who believes fiddle 
music is the "real" American 
music by combining the 

Assorted Vinyl Report 
Top five Sales 
}, Color by Numbers Cultu~ Club CBS 
2. In a Big Country lUg Country Polyglilm 
3. 90125 Yes Ako 
4. Strip AUm Ant CM 
5. Sixteen Tamborine5 11Ie 11I~e 0' dock Frontier 
Up and Comers (tJllngs to watch) 
J, Conflicting !motions SpilL fnz Import 
2, When You Least fxpect it Agent Orange Enigma 
,l On the line Lee Ritenour Elektra 
4. Track Record Joan ArmItrading A&'M 
5. Temple of Love SIsters 'of Jllercy Import 

elegance of classical music with 
down to earth story telling, will 
offer her version of Scottish, 
Irish, ,American, Blue Grass 
fiddle tunes. Appalachian 
Hoedowns, a medley of Swedish, 
Scottish. french , Canadian, 
American tunes in a variety of 
styles, plus her own works, 
cadenza Solo from an American 
folk Concerto for Violin and 
Symphony Orchestra and 
Pagan;ni Breakdown. 

Admission is $3. Tickets 
available at UC Box Office, 
Ticketrons and at door. for 
information call 452·3229. 

••• 

It·s back to the big band era 
when Bill Heyne and his 
Orchestra appear at l.1 Jolla 
Village Square, Ballroom music 
and big band tunes will enliven 
the mall for an afternoon tea 
dance in Center Court on 
Sunday. from 1-3 pm. 

La Jolla Village Square is 
located at 8657 Villa l.1 Jolla 
Drive. Take Gilman Drive off 1-5, 
tum right on Villa La Jolla Drive. 
for more Information. call 455-
7550. 

••• 

Hair Bl'Udth - New Wall 
Drawings by Mike Gller, an ' 
Installation of wall drawings 
created specifically for the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. will be on view at the 
Museum from January 24 
through March 4. 

Gller has · stated that his 
primary interest Is " to express 
the urgency Involved in present 
day Issues." "air Breadth. a 
group of large expressionist 
drawings. executed directly on 
the Museum's walls. address 
broad social issues. comment-
ing on the racial. religious and 
economic ineq\ualities in 

GOOD 
, , 

WOKING 
10 appear In female roles In a new TV series: 

LEGMEN 
~ eoIor OI''''k and wIlItc photo ....... with ..... 

addras and pIIoac aamber to: 

LEGMEN 
C/o Uahaul-.lnllioa. p.o. Box 699. 

Hollywood. fA 90078 . 
.ua .... rn ~ tk ,.,.,crt,)' of lJtIhotnaI.~. 

The Eighteenth Annual International Tournee of Animation 
returns to UCSD friday. The program will include twenty 
shorts gathered from animation festivals around the world. 
Shows are at 8 pm and 10 pm. Admission is 2 dollars. for more 
information call 452-4559. 

todays society and exploring 
"the notion that we 're very close 
to the edge." as close to positive 
resolutions as we are to seeing 
an end to everything ..... 

performing Saturday and String 
Trio of New York. performing 
Sunday. blend classical, folk 
and jazz into a unique sound 
referred to by many as 
"chamber jazz." The artist will lecture on 

"White Male Power and Other 
Topics" In conjunction with the 
exhibition at 7:30 pm, Tuesday, 
January 24 in Sherwood 
Auditorium, A gallery walk-
through and a reception for the 
artist follow. General admission 
Is $3: students and seniors $2. 

There will be a reception 
immediately follOWing Middle 
Passage's performance on 
Saturday. January 21st. 

Watch Waiting for the Invasion: 
u.s. Citizens In Nicaragua. A 
recent video tape by visiting 
lecturer Dee Dee Halleck, 
Thursday January 19 at noon in 
front of the Media Center, at 
Third College 

••• 

The San Diego Jazz festival 
and the l.1 Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art will present a 
two-part jazz series, title New 
Directions in String Music. This 
program. to run Saturday and 
Sunday at 8 pm in the Museum's 
SheIWood Auditorium. features 
two of America's premiere 
groups in their San Diego 
debuts. Middle Passage, 

Saturday marks the return of 
the Thursday evenings dances at 
the (he Cafe, sponsored by the 
Musicians Club. This first show 
will include the Odds and the 
flaming Hibachis. The show 
starts at 9 pm, and admissions is 
~~l. 

SENIOR NURSE 
STUDENTS 

A dv.enture, ., Challenge ... 
Profess,ionalism! 

An exciting job with 
opportunities for world·wide 
travel, career development, 
professional growth, excellent 
benefits. BSN graduates or 
senior students are eligible, If 
you're going to be someone, 
special...Be a Navy Nurse! For 
more information call 293· 
6746, 8 am · 4 pm, Monday · 
Wednesday, 

the 
POWf:R 

of the NlOIA hi 
an AGf: of CRISIS 

Dr. Herbert Schiller 
Au ther and Professor of Communication. 

University of california at San Diego 
Thursday, Jaauuy 19,1984 

7:30 pm 
lJnltariaa Cburch 
4190 rront 51. 
(~ rro. UaInnltJ no ...... , 

ADI'IISSIOft rRE! 
llUusmwns n,...... few SodII RelpOlllHIty 

PSRlS. ... ,.. a. .......... -U7 
Ia JoIII, ca. 9Z037 (714, .... J.7774 

Co-.!poII.IDr. nw !odIII ~M,.".,.setllb 
CCMIIWIIter of tIw ffrlt 1m"... a.1l1da. 

January 19, 1984 IfUltlu 7 



r-------·-
--------------S\ol'l I I 

f.\\lAS y\\EC~C\J"t I I Y $'S ,,~ women $15 I 
men $12 I 

I Includes shampoo, condition 
I long hair extra cut, & blow dry. 
I Long hair extra. 
I 10% off 10% off I 
I with this coupon with this coupon 

I 
I 
I 
I 

LlJOLLI 
CDftlDl 

PRECISION HAIRCUTS : 
for men & women I 
737 Pearl, La Jolla : 

I cmIPINT 456-1170,456-1815 I 
I With this coupon only. Offer expires 2-2-8~ . .I ~---------------------------------
Whole or 1/2 Brain? 
Experience your mind/bra il\.expanding from 
10% 'p.call to 90% in just two fun-filled weekends. 
PLUS: 
-Effortless note· tak ing 
_Alpha learning 
-Left-right brain in teg ration 
-Caree r direct ion and expansion 

-Effect ive communication 
- Latera l th inking 
-Accelerated reading 
-Super memory 

Complete Workshop L.ft lraln Right lraln Linear 
S800. ali materials tnc luded 

Now 68 hours! 2 fun ·filled weekends plus three 
a-hour sessions w ith monitoring for a fu ll year. 

MeChanical 
Analytical 

Logical 
Routtne Memory 

Verbal 

ReceiVing 
Creative 

Meditative 
Art ist IC 
IntUItive 
Spallal 

NEW ONE-DAY WORKSHOP 
Expand memory. 
bratn Integrallon. 
think faster. 
study easier 

"'" Saturday, ~nuary 21st ...... 

Whole-Brain LearningM 
JOHN-DAVID LEARNING INSTITUTE 

1915 Hornblend . San Diego CA, 92109 
Free Information 270·4900 

Visa and Mastercharge accepted 
MEMORY TAPES: Dr john-David has mode a majOr breakthrough In expanding 01 restOllng 
your memory Cossette recOldlngs With 5 levels (tracks). 3 ConSCIOUSly aUdible plus 2 
subliminal. directly affecllngyour SUbconSCIOUS. bypaSSing your resistance Four topes. long 
Term Memory, Short Term Memory (phone numbers. names), Concentration, Eliminating 
SeIf-5abotage. Each S45 01 set only $145 

DATE. Jan. 18-20 

TIME. 9~:OO 

PLACE. Bookstore 

Now's the time to think about 
your college ri 19. Not Just any 

ring · a 14K Gold College Ring 
from ArtCarved. The karat gold 

jewelry that's designed and hand-
crafted for lasting value. 

And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold 
College Ring is more aHo~dable than you 
think. Choose from an entire collectIOn of 
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and 
save 525. This offer IS for a limited time 
only. so come in and see all the great 
ArtCarved styles with the custom optIOnS 
that can let you have the ring of your 
choice. the way you want it. 

So graduate In style. Graduate to gold! 

DePOSit ReqUited 
MasterCard or Visa Accepted 

SHARP-CALCULATORS 

afCj ~ ctJ 116] 
13[313138 
[!Jt3GlGlS-
13 c::J tz::: GJ ' , 
... .. 
••• iii ' 
•••• 
•••• 

$3795 

MODEL EL-S12 
"THIN MAN"'· WALLET-SIZE WITH 
128 PROGAAM STEPS 
Improved scientific calculator with Multi Formula 
Ae .. rve and decimal/hexadecimal .y.tem 
• In addition to performing the scientific functions, the 

EL-512 permits the user to store up to 128 program 
steps built-up from any of its preprogrammed 
functions. 

• Hyperbolic (sinh, cosh, tanh) and their inverses. 
• Rectangular/ polar coordinate conversions. 
• Mean, sum, and standard deviation. 
• 4-Multi Formula Reserve for storing formulas, and 9 

Data Memories for storing numbers . 
• Direct formula entry enters formulas the way they are 

written . 
• Computer-age hexadecimal conversions. 
• Easy-to-read 10-digit liquid crystal display with 

scientific notation expression . 
• Independently accessible 3-key memory. 
• 15 levels of parentheses with up to 7 pending 

operations. 
$2375 

MODEt. EL-506H 
Advanced, .clemlfic calculator with 
declmal/hexlldeclm.1 system conversion key. 
• 48 pre-programmed scientific functions turn 

complicated problems into easy operations. 
• Direct formula entry lets you enter problems just as 

you write them. 
• Three parentheses levels and four levels of pending 

operations. 
• Decimal/hexadecimal system conversion key. 
• Statistical calculations with statistical mode [STAT). 

number of samples/ ~x [n ~x), meanl ~ x2 [ :t , ~x 2 ). 
standard deviation [so). enter data/correct data [DATA 
CD) keys. 

• Independently accessible memory. 
• DEG/RAD/GRAD selector key. 
• Degree/minute/second conversion key. 
• Auto Power-Off conserves power. 
• Power-saving FEM liquid crystal display has 8-digit 

mantissa and 2-digit exponent. 

The Sharp EL - 5500 
• 40K BASIC in ROM 

U.IWERSITY Baa.s,aRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

8 nI~tllS January 19, 1984 

$7995 
• 2,2K RAM 
• Over 1400 program steps 
• 16-char dot-matrix display 
• Extended keyboard 
• Optional interface for tape 
cassette and printer 

8:00 am to 4:45 pm - Monday thru Friday 
10:00 am to 4:00 pm - Saturdays 

Phone: 452-4291 , 


