
Women's 
Volleyball 

PAG!: 5] 

ALSO: 
eCommentary on College Ufe 

OpIniOns. PAGE .. 
e25th Anniversary Special 

Fealure . PAGE 2 .. 
eSpotlight on University Events 

HlalUS. PAGE 39 



36 Mon , day September 23, 1985 

=----

ae 



.2 Monday. StpItmber 23. 1985 
.NEWS 
---/~--------------------------------------------------------

r \ \) 
, J 

~k#' Time lines 
Last day to add/drop before classes . . . . . . .. . .. . . .. . .. .. . . . .. . ... Sep. 23 
First day of classes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . • . . . . .. Sep. 26 
Last day to pay fees without 550 late fee Cashier closes 3 pm .........• O.ct. 1 
Last day to pay fees with 550 late fee ......... . .................. Oct. 11 
Last day to enroll without 550 late fee. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Oct. 11 
Last day to apply for part time status. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Oct. 11 
Last day to drop classes without 53 fee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Oct. 11 
Last day to add classes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Oct 11 
Last day to change grading option ............ . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Oct. 11 

Ideadty .wil8bIe 
Photo ID cards will be shot 

from 8:30 am to 3:00 pm, 
weekdays through Sept. 30. 
Thereafter, service will be 
provided on the first working 
day of each week. The 10 unit is 
in Quonset 324, Warren 
Campus, east of the Bookstore. 
Astronomer named Jansky 
Lecturer 

Dr. Geoff~y Burbidge, 
emeritus professor of physics at 
UCSD, has been selected by 
trustees of Associated 
Universities, Inc., operator of the 
National Radio Astronomy 
Observatory (NRAO), as the 
Jansky Lecturer for 1985. 

NRAO directors said they 
recognized Burbidge's 
"enthusiastic dedication to and 
support of aU aspects of 
astrophysical research." 

Burbidge is scheduled to give 
the first of two lectures Oct. 29 
at the University of Virginia in 
Charlottesville, where the NRAO 
is headquanered . The second 
talk is in Socorro. New Mexico, 
site of the largest radioltelescope 
array in the world. In both 
lectures he plans to discuss 
"some aspects of the violent 
universe." 

Burbidge has been noted for 
pioneering work on stellar 
evolution and nucleosynthesis. 
His current research includes 
cosmology and quasars. 

Burbidge, who recently served 
a six-year term as director of Kin 
Peak National Observatory, has 
taught at UCSD since 1962. 

DUcussina frozen babies 
A team of UCSD scientists in 

mid-July called for an immediate 

Only UC to make list 

and thorough public examination 
of the volatile issues surrounding 
the use of frozen human 
embryos by infenility clinics in 
the United Scates. 

aifford Grobmin, professor of 
biological science and public 
policy; John Mendeloff, assistant 
professor of political science; 
and Michael Rower, assistant 
research biologist. raised thdr 
concerns in an article entitled, 
"frozen Embryos: Policy Issues," 
that appeared in the June 13 
issue of the ~ EnJland 
Jownal or Medicine. Grobstein 
and Mendeloff teach in UCSD's 
interdisciplinary Science, 
Technology and Public Affairs 
program. 

The authors said in the anicle 
that they examined the issues 
associated with the freezing of 
human embryos and suggested 
approaches to resolve them. "Our 
chief concern is that the US 
should, very promptly, launch a 
comprehenSive deliberate 
process with ~speCt to funher 
developments based on IVF 
before establishing binding 
public policy at any level." 

The freezing of embryos is 
considered by infertiliry 
speCialists to be a promising 
adjunct to "test tube" or in vitro 
fenilization (IVF). Since the birth 
of the first externally fenilized 
child in 1978, IVF has become a 
widely accepted procedure for 
overcoming steriliry. The first 
three births resulting from 
uterine implantation of a frozen-
thawed embryo were reported 
last year in Australia and The 
Netherlands. While no such 
binhs have been recorded in the 
US, at least one US clinic is 

currently testing the procedure. 
freezing and storing of 

embryos can si8nificantly expand 
the options of infenile couples, 
according to the anicle . A 
woman's frozen surplus embryos, 
which often result from ovulation 
stimulated by infertility drugs, can 
be used in repeated transplant 
attempts . The creation of 
storehouses of frozen embryos no ' 
longer needed by their donors 
raises the possibiliry of embryo 
"adoptions." 

However, the procedure raises 
a host of political and ethical 
questions, including that of 
possible risk to the frozen-
thawed embryo. But, according 
to the article, data on risks are 
limited by a lack of clear public 
policy, which tends to inhibit 
systematic study of human 
embryos. 

Currendy, a defact ban exists 
on federal support of IVF 
research, but there is no formal 
policy regulating the uses for 
embryos, fresh or frozen, 
fenilized in laboratories. 

Motion by the ocean 
A booklet giving an overview 

of UCSD and the histories of 
each college, including buildings, 
special programs. traditions and 
communitites, is now available 
from the University . 

"University in Motion-a 
Historical Guide to UCSD" also 
includes information about the 
School of Medicine, the Medical 
Center, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography and other topics. 

For a copy, send $5 to 
Oceanids, B-049 UCSD, La Jolla, 
CA, 92093. 

UCSD in top ten PhD producers 
UCSD ranks tenth in the 

nation in percentage of graduates 
who go on to earn a Ph.D., 
according to a recent study. 

The study, "An Analysis of 
Leading Undergraduate Sources of 
Ph.D.'s Adjusted for Institutional 
Size," was prepared for the Great 
Lakes Colleges Association of Ann 
Arbor, Mich., and was released in 
June. 

The data base used for the 
study was bachelor's degrees 
conferred between 1946 and 
1976, and doctoral degrees 
conferred between 1951 and 
1980. The data came from the 
National Academy of Sciences. 

According to the report. 362 
UCSD graduates went on to earn 

. their Ph.D., representing 14.l 
percent of aU stUdents who 
'graduated from the campus 

during the period studied. 
The figu~ is even mort 

impressive since the first UCSD 
undergraduate class did not earn 
the bachelor's degrees until 1968. 

Dr. Stanley Chodorow. dean of 
arts and sciences. feels that the 
high percentage is confirmation 
of the effectiveness of UCSD's 
college system. 

"In general, the study confirms 
the views of the founders of the 
campus," Chodorow said. "The 
founding faculry knew, either 
through eariitr studies or by 
intuition, that small liberal ans 
colleges produce the highest 
percentage of students who go 
on for advanced degrees. That 
knowledge was one of the bases 
for the development of the 
college syste m." 

The study ranked the top fifry 
colleges and universities, and at 

tenth, UCSD was the tOP ranked 
public university. 

The top ten schools and their 
percentages were: Harvey Mudd 
(40.7); California Institute of 
Technology (40.0); Reed (25.3); 
Massachusens Institute of 
Technology (20.9); Swarthmore 
(20.9); Haverford (18.8); Oberlin 
(17.8); New College of the 
Universiry of South Rorida 
(16.1), and UCSD (14.1). 

Altogether, Chodorow noted, 
onl y five public institutions made 
the tOP fifty ranking. The 
University of California. Irvine 
was ranked 23rd and the 
University of California, 
Riverside, was 26th. 

UCSD ranked first in the 
nation in percentage of sr:udents 
earning doctoral degrees in the 
life sciences, and seventh in the 
sciences generally. 

Vice ChGncellor of Unde~ AJPin, Dr. Joseph Watson. 

Watson sets policy 
By DIANE RIGDON 

Joseph Watson, vice 
chancellor of undergraduate 
affin, contrary to several 
recommendations of the Alcohol 
and Substance Abuse Committee 
(ASAC), has revised the 
Residence Halls Policy to read 
that: there will be no 
consumption of alcohol in public 
areas of on-campus housing, no 
consumption of alcohol by 
people under the age 21 in any 
public or private housing areas, 
and there are to be no kegs in 
public or private areas of on-
campus housing. 

The exception to these rules is 
if a college Provost appl'OYes a 
"gathering." Associated Students 
President Mary Rose Alexander 
objects strongly to the new policy 
and has sent a letter of protest to 
Watson and other University 
officials. In it, she contends, 
"The recommendation of Alcohol 
and Substance Abuse 
Committee ... bener serves the 
campus in a variety of ways." 
One key proposal of the "Alcohol 
Proposal" of the Committee 
defines personal living space "as 
those residential areas li mited to 
only those persons in authorized 
possession of keys for access to 
such areas," whereas Watson 
does not include dorm suites 
and commons in the definition. 
Alexander maintains that such 
definitions are crucial because 
rules are implemented differently 
at each residenct hall. Another 
contention in Alexander's letter 
to Watson, is that, unlike 
Watson's rules, the Committee's 
recommendation is enforceable 
because it is so comprehensive 
that it merits student respect (it 
deals with alcohol education, 
seneral on-campus regulation of 
consumption, and residential hall 
drinking.) The committee's 
recommendations were reviewed 
by Watson who adopted only 
pan of the proposal in the new 
regulations. 

Watson found the rules 
regarding drinking on campus to 
be in need of revision last year, 
and appointed the committee of 
facuhy, staff and students. An 
organization called ''Students for 
Responsible Drinking," made up 
mosdy of students, reacted to 
Watson's Original pro{'osal for 
stringent alcohol regulations, by 
suggesting that education, not 
prohibition is the answer to the 
alcohol problem. The 
organization's efforts eventuaUy 
led to the formation of ASAC 
which also stressed education, 
rather than prohibition. ASAC 
proposals include: to require co-

sponsorship from a non-
alcoholic source with a beverage 
manufacturer/distributor of a 
UCSD event; to require the 
sponsoring University 
department (office, ctc.) be 
recognized as the primary 
sponsor of the event, without the 
intrusion of the name of, for 
example, "Budwiser" or "Coors' 
on signs"; to require the major 
focus of these eYents no to be 
the consumption of alcohol and 
to require the presence of non-
alcoholic beverages in proportion 
to alcoholic ones. 

Staff 
Editor In Chief 

Phil Willon 
ManaainI Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

News Editor 
Sean Wagstaff 

Opinions Editor 
Matthew Cronin 

Copy Editor 
Shelly Simmons 

Ans Editor 
Michael Toombs 
A.ssocia~ Arts Editor 

Alicia Agos 
Features Editor 
Renee Wenrick 

Sports Editor 
John Schacht 
Photo Editor 
John Ashlee 

Graphics Manager 
Shendl Diamond 
Ad~nisin& Manager 

Jan Hansen 
The UCSD Guard ian is published 

Mondays and Thursdays [rom 
Seprrmlxr ml'OUjlh June. excluding 
examination and holiday periods. 
The Guardian is published of the 
sWdrnts. by the srudents. and [or me 
students of the University o[ 
California. San Diego. Views 
expressed do not ~prescnt the 
opimons of the RegentS of the 
Umvel'5il)' of California or the 
ASiociated Stuckms of UCSD. 

Reproduction or ocher use of any 
ponion of this Il(wspaper without 
prior cOnserlr is srnctly forbidden and 
could COst you deany, 50 don'r do It. 
el965, all righrs reserved 

Chancellor Atkinson discusses ... 

The State of the School 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF. News Editor 

DR RICHARD ATKINSON was ap inted as chancct:r of UC..5D in 
1980. Since that time, the 
campus has grown dramadcaDy. 
Some of the issues facing UCSD 
and the University of California 
in general. such as the and-
apartheid movement and the 
Pacific Basin gradua~ school, 
have a potential impact 
throughout the world. But 
Atkinson's concerns aSo extend 
to the smaller details at horne, 
such as the breadth of 
undergraduate education and me 
lack or student housing. On 
Tuesday, Sept. 17, he discussed 
the issues with The Guardian. 

Plans to diwsa 

UCSD like many other 
universities across the country, 
was unsettled last spring by 
student demonstrations 
protesting the racist policies of 
the South African government. 
The students were also protesting 
the University of California's 
invesonents in companies that 
do business in South Africa and 
caBing for the Regents to divest. 
The Regents did not divest, 
citing "fiduciary responsibility," 
but opted instead 10 establish 
the University Advisory 
Committee on Investor 
Responsibility (UAOR). The 
committee's function is to 
evaluate the adherence of 

companies to a code of social 
conduct known as the ''Sullivan 
Principles. " 

-On April 25, 1985. you said 
that rtheid is disgusting and ::::r rrprthensiblc ... tllmftwt it 
is entir~ proper that UCSD 
students come together 10 protest 
this system. What have you done to 
help end apartheid, pm these 
views? 

"I ha", taken a number of 
personal actions. but I am not 
prepared to publicly announce 
what they are." 

-If the University Ad"-wry 
Committee on lnvestor 
Responsibility duidts to establish an 
optional South Africa-free portfolio. 
would you be willing to tnInsfer 
your investments to that portfolio? 

"I pian to. But its a very 
complicated issue . There are two 
porUolios, one of them optional, 
one of them not optional; and 
each member of the facuhy has 
the right to make additional 
contributions to their retirement 
from their own salaries." 

Credkina dle DOE ...,. 
Last Thursday, the UC Regents 

voted to maintain contrell of the 
Department of Energy 
laboratories, los Alama; and 

Uvermo~, where the bulk of the 
Department of Defense research 
and construction is carried OUt 
on nuclear weapons. Los Alamos 
is the site of the Manhaoan 

Project which created the first 
atomic bomb. 60% of livermore's 
S8+4 million 1984 budget was 
spent on defense. Los Alamos 
spent 70% of their 5690 million 
budget on defense. The 
laboratories also carry out a 
variety of other energy-related 
research. The Universirr eams 
about 56 million annualy for its 
role in administering and 
maintaining the labs. 

Atkinson was interviewed two 
days befo~ the Regents' meeting. 

-Duri", the Regents' meeting 
they'll be discussing whether the 
University should continue 
managing tilt DOE laboratories. 
Should tht: Uni\'eTSity be building 
weapons? 

"This is a complicated issue 
and I don't want my remarks to 
be regardtd as trying to 
influence Regent's policy. I'd be 
happy to give my personal views, 
but they're personal views quit .. 
separate from my views as 
chancellor ... The quesr:ion is, 
'how do I feel aboutme labs?' 
You're not going to like my 
answer. 1 think the gJeatest 
problem facing the world today. 
particularly your generation, 
more than mine. sinct I've only 
got a few ynrs left, is the nuclear 
issue. It is a frightening situation 
that few Americans your age can 
grasp or understand. It's the 
most dangerous featu~ of our 
entire evolutionary history. I'm 

Please tum 10 .,.. 13 

Monday. Stpltmber 23. 1985 3 
NEWS 

Doctor accused of 
fraud now working 
in N ew York hospital 
By RACHEL FREIFELDER 

T HE UCSD MEDICAL School has begun an extensive examination of 
publications by a promising 
cardiac radiologist who resigned 
follOwing investigation of three 
papers that universiry officials 
say are fraudulent. He is now 
working as a cardiologist in New 
York. 

Dr. Roben Slutsky was first 
investigated this spring after 

. colleagues read certain papers 
and noted similarities in dara 
cited. Upon request of his 
original data, Slutsky refused to 
comply, and resigned from the 
university on May 1. 

A comminee investigattd the 
most questionable publications 
for six weeks. A report"lssued 
August 5 stated that animal 
research had been fabricated for 
these publications, twO of which 
were published in the Journal oj 
the A~rican Col/tge oj Cardiology. 

Neither Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson or Medical School 
Dean. Raben Petersdorf were 
available for comment on the 
aIlegatioflS· 

Medical School Associate Dean 
Paul]. friedman, who headed 
the preliminary investigation, 
said, "These three papers 
describe th~e fairly large and 
important experiments that we 
do not believe were ever done." 
Friedman presumed Slutsky had 
been "advised by his anorney 
not to admit anything: 

The papers list colleagues Dr. 
Michele Murray and Dr. Wallace 
W. Peck as co-authors. However, 
both deny any part in the 
reponed research. Peck added 
that he had in fact collaborated 
with Slutsky in the past, but on 
an entirely different topic. 
Murray, now in residency at a 
Boston hospital, shares dismay 
with others of Slutsky's 
col1eagues. "\ feel horrible about 
it - and distraught and 
betra~d," she said. 

The committee carrying out 
the original investigation of 
Slutsky recommended a thorough 
examination of his 
approximately 130 publictions. A 
larger, lO-member committee is 

expected to begin reviews this 
week. There will be Mno 
piecemeal release of 
information," said Friedman; the 
dean expects the completed 
report next June. 

The allegedly falsified work 
.was an exte nsion of past 
research done in Slutsky's lab. 
He had been using dogs in some 
experiments, and had 
determined a radiological 
method of testing the 
effectiveness of several anti-
heart-attack treaonents, 
particularly beta-blocker and 
steroid drugs. The three papers 
claimed to describe actual testing 
of these drugs on dogs. However, 
said Friedman, "There was no 
evidence that the drugs had ever 
been given," nor that Slutsky had 
procured dogs for the purpose; 
the falsified data were 
extrapolated from those already 
existing. 

Slutsky is currently employed 
as a cardiologist for the East 
Nassau Medical Group in 
Hicksville N.Y. The director 
could not be reached for 
comment Friday, but the 
administrative secrerary who said 
Slutsky had been hired, added 
that she was unaware of any 
debate over his continuance in 
the position. 

Slutsky was known at the 
Medical School as a creative and 
productive researcher, heading a 
busy lab," according to 
Friedman. Slutsky's NIH 
(National Institute of Health) 
grants were "not .wasted" and 
several research fellows' jobs 
ceased to exist when he 
resigned. He held a post as 
resident radiolOgist, treating 
cardiology patients at the UCSD 
Medical Center. "There was no 
question about his clinical 
performance," said Friedman. 
Slutsky also held the unsalaried 
title of associate clinical 
radiologist. The first review of 
his papers took place when he 
applied for a paid and more 
responsible version of the Ianer 
position. 

Please cum to JXIC 16 

,'---------------, i WELCOME BACK I 
i UCSD i 
1 $2.00 off any large pizza I I $1.00 off any medium pizza I 
I. I 
1 I 
1 I 
1 FREE 1 1 expires CAMPUS 1 
1 r!!,~~ DELIVERY I 1 when onIcri,. (ahr , pm) I 
I 1 I · I 
I 8873 ViDa La JdIa Dr. La Jolla Village SquaJlt I 
\ .55-0662 ., 

~---------------, 



In Orientation of Fresh people 
For bener or worse , we, the inhabitants of the Universiry of California at San Diego, 

are designated as the "student body," from which all things usually trivial enough 10 be 
ignored are curiously spoken about in our behalf. For example, if one were to read into 
the purported purposes of student journals in the United States, he or she would be 
unlikely to discover any impliCit desire on the part of the journalists to disseminate the 
avalanche of information available to man and womankind for the noble cause of 
presenting concise and objectlve "facts" to the public, Rather than attempting to 
become a paragon of Puritan ethics, a student journalist is more likely to describe a 
story in such a way as to convince you, and others like you, that his subjective analysis 
is in fact the truth in disguise . That is why most writers, though they may be hiding 
behind journalistiC cloth , are artists (though of the most elementary form). They have 
been composing and wiD continue to compose behind the keys of a rypewriter so that 
you, the reader, will know what is in store the next time you step out of bed. 

Of course you may know all of this already which in tum makes my task a bit easier 
to swallow. How I can orient a group of people who forged their castles long before I 
fell in love with the idea of being an editorial mentor, wobbles my senses. But I still 
hold on to the idea that if I am passionate enough about a few of life's little deviances, 
someone will StOP talking long enough to heed the lessons of the moment. 

UCSD is a slightly unique place if only because of its reputation of being a bastion 
of power-grabbing and senseless competition over who will become the next 
unsympathetic bureaucrat That. statement, thaI feeling, ~at .very cons~icuous creation 
of ill-will , is not Without ItS posltlve effects. ThiS umverslry IS a very fnendly place to 
most, even if it has alienated significant proportions of its student population through 
insensitive and bungled policies. The evolutionary result of administrative 
strongheadedness has been the formation of groups like the cooperatives and 
enterprises - vanous coalitions of strident students and affiliated individuals 
interested in universiry dem<:>,racy that have. be~n involved in pol!ti.cal discourse one 
way or another since 1962; lake some weD-WlShmg but umld achmmstrators who lend 
advice to, but never act in accordance with the more far-reaching student demands 
(apparently because of possible job loss); and like a few timeless professors who feel 
that you can only teach about the workabiliry of ideology after you have experienced 
its viability outside the classroom. 

Try if you prefer 10 be a lone daredevil , 10 circumvent the bureaucracy just once in 
your stay at UCSD Attempt, if you are so wIUing, to obtain an incomplete m a class if 
you are not in intensIve care at the time. Be brave enough, for one moment, to visit 
the Chancellor and ask him why public officials do nOl have the right 10 speak freely 
about such disgraceful pracllces as universiry investment in apartheid . He will throw 
his hands up of course, and claim a lack of sufficient knowledge on the subject, or 
defer you to his bosses, the UC Regents. Then you can be cocksure why you chose the 
Universiry of California system, for every freshperson needs a lesson in bureaucratic 
flippancy. 

I Education itself remains a stagnant theory. There are rationalizations for why most college students still prefer to read journals written for folks with a second-grade level 
of reading comprehension; or why most university students retain no more than 5% of 
the material lectured to them one quarter before; or why very few students form lasting 
relationships with their instructors. There is no better method in the course of learning 
about why you are who you are than to question the basis of your choices. From that 
point on you can begin questioning the motives of other individuals, instructors, 
organizations, nations, cultures, etc .... Existence is boundless. Believe it or not , the 
universiry is significant in what your peers call the "real world ." Once you come 10 
terms with the truism that you, and we, and your cohorts, do not have to be isolated 
from the rest of humanity during our coUege careers, then we as a unit can begin to 
change the misdirection of our nation . 

It is not as if no one cares whether or nO( we may die defending the principles of 
affirmative action; equality of gender; sovereignty of nations; freedom of thought, 
action, religion, speech, and so on; for they do - as someone must - and what 
better place to engineer a group of devoted practitioners of egalatarianism than here in 
the eucalyptus groves? Being young is not merely a stage; don't let anyone tell you that 
youthfulness is not a state of being. Since there are many among us who are fuD of 
natural vitality and fresh ideas, should we not encourage those ones to put their plans 
into action? UCSD remains a research institution - a place reeking of 
experimentalism - consistently ripe for trial and error. It is the perfect place to play 
both the romanticist and pragmaticioner. 

Like myself, you aU have the opportunity to be semantical, rhetorical, catty, and a bit 
depraved. Forget aD those social norms that the nuclear age has taught you. There are 
many diverse niches within the UCSD community; don't force youl'$elf to attend every 
function thrown by the beautiful people in order to reaffirm your popular stance once 
found in high school. There are many organizations, clubs, and slightly eccentric 
covenants of friends who need your spunk and vigor. Sad to say, but the world is no 
longer a goof, or even the slightest bit funny when viewed with a serious eye, Please 
understand that outisde the borders of La Jolla, people are being murdered and are 
starving, crying, freezing, and generally being spit upon, courtesty of your government 
and countrymen. Being a political activist is not for everyone. In fact, most people 
between 18 and 25 disdain even hearing about electoral races, much less the harsh 
realities of u.s. abuses at home and abroad. To be politically aware, however, is 
another facet of univerSity life that is much less time consuming and may prove to be 
very rewarding. 

So if I must make one concrete, definitive statement that can be taken as a 
contribution to your orientation as a fresh person, I would suggest that for the next four 
years you consider the affect of your actions, or your apathy, upon the rest of 
humanity. One should not take many things for granted, but grant yourself one 
consideration - that you are an integral part of human progress. With that in mind, 
go forth and conquer your aspirations. -lt1jC 

LUTfRsLHTfHS LUTfRS LHTfRS LUTfRS LUTfRS LHTfRSluTfHS LUTfRS LHTfR5LU 
fRSLUTfRS Letters LUTfHSLHTfRSLUTfHSLfTTfHSLfTTmsluTfHSLUTfR! 
Editor: 

The Student Center Board 
(SCB) was established to overse!' 
Student Center (SC) affairs and 
funding. Currently the SC fee 
amounts to $12 50 each quarter, 
although it will rise with the 
groundbreaking of the new 
University Center. The SC is 
comprised of representatives 
from each college, the AS, SAAC, 
Coops and Enterprises, the 
graduate student council, and a 
chairperson. There is also a non-
voting adviser to the board, 
Assistant Vice-Chancellor Tom 
Tucker. 

The Charter and Bylaws of the 
SCB create the process for 
annual budget evaluation and 
approval. If followed correctly, 
the budget process would enable 
board members to make a 
knowledgeable deCIsion of! the 
budget, this year amounting to 
over a half million dollars. 

Unfortunately, that process 
was not followed in this year's 
budget preparation. Student 
input into the budget was 
negligible, and the approval 
granted by the board was 
nothing more than a rubber-
stamping of staff priorities and 
desires. Specific procedures in 
the Charter and Bylaws that 
would have aDOWtd student 
input were blarantly violated. 
SpcdficaDy, numbers one and 
three of section "A", Article HI of 
the Student Center Board 
Chaner, which ~ time for 
boaJd members to review the 
budget, were completely ignored, 

Historicaly, the SCB fills its 
seats with new representatives at 
the end a£ each spring quarter. 
Because many board members 
present at the budget meeting on 
May 20, 1985 were filling their 
positions for the first time, much 
of the correct budget process was 
not known to them. Tom Tucker 
and other SC staff, however, 
were positive that the new 
budget was great, and urged the 
board to pass it. No mention was 
made of the procedures violated 
in the budget preparation, and 
no alternative was posed other 
than passing the budget, which 
did pass unanimously. 

The budget passed at that 
meeting is in effect today. It 
would be difficult to determine 
that a student prepared budget 
would be substantiaUy different 
from the one now in use. 
However, there is the possibility 
that it would be; that staff 
priori lies are not student 
priorities; that students know 
more about their lives and needs 
than staff. 

As a current member of the 
SCB, I wish to apologize for the 
ignorance and timidity I 
displayed at that fateful budget 
meeting. My responsibility is to 
be Informed and confident with 
staff in my position as a student 
r:tresentative , and though I 

. d at the budget meedng. I 
am committed to ful6Uing that 
respoIBibility this year. 

M • 51L1dcnt of UCSD, I am 
dismayed at the lack of real 
contrOl sturlcnts have exercised 

in matters of importance that 
confront them. When our staff 
advisers have their own agenda 
planned, can students really 
make free and worthy choices? 

The SC was created by 
students, with their money, as a 
space and service they desired. 
With the Universiry Center over 
the horizon, it is vital that 
students maintain control over 
SC funding and affairs. 
Remember, the fee we will be 

paying is scheduled to increase 
from S12.50 to 537.50 at 
University Center 
groundbreaking. As students, we 
need to renew our position as 
the decision makers to guarantee 
that students' needs, as 
detennined by students are 
satisfied. We have earned that 
position. 
Stacaely, 

Editor: 
While Democrat politicians, 

not one of which cares one 
damn about blacks in South 
Africa, caU for sanctions against 
apartheid, right wing politicos, 
caring even less about blacks 
anywhere, will support the 
Bothas and Marcoses and Papa 
Docs of this world at almost any 
cost to human suffering. 

While right wing politicians 
and their affiuent ecclesiastics, 
none of which has prayed in 
private since they were small 
children, call for singsong 
praying in the public schools, 
Democrat politicos, mQtivated by 
Republican-supplied campaign 
monies and honorariums, can be 
heard daily with their cheek-by-
haunch "me tOO'S." 

While an authoritarian-
dominated House and Senate 
follow President Reagan in 
refusing penalties for monied 
greeds that employ illegal alie ns, 
Democrats won't even speak out 
for allowing old Americans to use 
their Medicare outside the AMA. 

Such, editor, is the character 
of our leadership- the one that 
presumes to lecture South Africa 
on racism and bigotry. 

Doa ....... 

Editor: 
At this moment, South Africa 

sits a powder keg. The eyes of 
the worid were focused on 
PreSidcN P.w. Botha August 15, 
the day he announced me 
Pretoria government's new policy 
toward its majority black 

population. Everyone was fully 
expecting a pronouncement that, 
at last, the time bomb of 
apartheid would be dismantled. 
Instead, Botha lit its fuse . It was 
hardly Botha's or South Africa's 
finest hour. Now it's only a 
matter of time before fu1lscale 
revolution breaks out. 

Borha's vicious, arrogant, hate-
filled speech, said to have rivaled 
even Hitler's most haughry 
diatribes, has come under almost 
unanimoUS' condemnation by 
right-minded people everywhere. 
His threats and forebodinS'i bore 
a striking resemblance 10 
Pharaoh, of ancient Egypt, who 
steadfastly refused to heed 
Moses' pleas to "Let our people 
go" from out of bondage. A worse 
plague than what struck Egypt is 
about to visit South Africa. 

Botha chastised a coalition of 
church leaders, businessmen and 
liberal opponents, mostly whites, 
who had begged the 
ultraconservative government for 
a measure of mercy for 
persecuted blacks. They had 
merely requested the passage of 
reasonable reforms. Instead 
Botha damned them an saying. 
"We will never be forced 10 sell 
OUt our proud heritage buik up 
over decades. We wiD never give 
in to the outside demands. SOuth 
Africa's problems," he rdrerated, 
"will be solved by South Africans, 
not by foreigners." Thus a 
bloodbath is imminent. 

Meanwhile, in thiI country, 
bigots, racislS and many 

PIeae lUm 10 .,. 9 

Mo:2, Sqlttmba' 23, 1985 5 
OPINIONS 

Spanning the tumbling globe 
By MATTHEW j. CRONIN. Opinions Editor 

Across the United States, major television networks, 
magazines, newspapers, national legislators, the State 
Department, the Reagan Administration, and our own 
California State I..cgislature are asking the question, 
"What can be done?" in reference to the escalating 
turmoil in South Africa. There happens to be a rather 
large, decisive collection of knowledgeable activists 
whose viewpoints and advice have been neldectEd and 
brushed-off-one of the original voices of oissent-the ' 
students of the United States. 

Ronald Reagan recently used his presidential power 
in a most convenient style, by passing an executive 
onkr banning the sale of computers to South African 
security agencies; by baning most federal and private 
loans; by proposing a harried ban on the impon of the 
Krugerrand (the South African Gold Coin)-a ban 
which is subject to "consukation- with US trading 
panners; and, by prohibiting the exportation of most 
nuclear technology, By acting in such a martner, Mr. 
Ragan managed to stave otT a barrage of criticism 
SUITOUIlding his inept policy of constructive 
engagement; to temporarily staD the passage of a much 
saonger bill waiting in the House of Rc"presentatives; 
and, to virtually disassociate himself publicly as a 
staunch defender of the PrelOria government. 

We are all aware, however, that this is merely a ploy 
by an administration that has consistently opposed 
any renewal of either affirmative action or civil rights 
legislation since 1980. If the Reagan Administration 
and its proxies like the UC Regents ever do decide to 
foOow the will of the people of the United States and 
help our fellow human beinp in South Africa, aU 
hmdings in US corporations that remain there to 
support and increase the strenath of capitalistic . 

. apanheid would be divested. Alter that quite measly 
srep in light of the 700-p1us deaths this year at the 
hands of the South African police, the Regents and the 
US government should heed the advice of those 
students who would see all invested monies sent to the 
Black Townships to strengthen that ravaged economy. 
Perhaps the return on the investments would be next 
to norbing in doBar value, but in humane value we 
could hit the jackpot. 

• • • • • 
As the impoverished region o(Ccntral America 

continues to be the focal point for armchair warriors 
whose vicXnt neuroses may only be quelled when their 
sons and daughltrs corne nome in caJdboard boxes, 

Hairc\1ts for students 
with mlid J.D. card 

political fund raisers on the right are raking a more 
active role in promoting unbridled terror. More than 25 
million dollars have been raised for the Contras who 
are presently attempting to overthrow the Sandinista 
Government in Nicaragua by private hands-with a 
little help from the US National Securiry Council 
Advisers, of course. The Reagan Administration, which 
has coined aU sorts of terms for depraved practitioners 
\ike the Contras (I.e. they are "Freedom Fighters"), has 
sped-up the Double Speak in the last year in order to 
obtain "Humanitarian aid" for them. "It may well be 
that this tiny COUntry of fewer than three million 
people has been the target of more criticism on human 
rights grounds from the Reagan Administration-and 
especiaUy from the President himself-than any other 
country in the world : says The Americas Watch in its 
Report on Human Rights and US Policy in Latin Amenca. 

Mr. Reagan has been recorded as saying that 
Nicaragua is a "totalitarian dungeon" whose November 
elections were a "Soviet-style sham" and whose 
government is an "evil tyranny." He also described 
Sandinista citizens by saying, "They're the devil!" 
Although these aDegations and 'silly rhetorical nuances 
have been refuted by nearly every legitimate political 
body in the world, our government and its cowardly 
cohorts in the private sector and media appear too 
firm in their conviction that any capitalistic 
dictatorship is better for western interests than a 
sovereign nation with socialistic tendencies. Do not 
believe otherwise; for, as repOrted by Harper's Index 
this month , the number of the 48 commanders of the 
main Contra Force, the FDN, who did not serve in 
deposed dictator Anastasia Somoza's National Guard is 
two, and that fact is very chilling, indeed. We know 
then that if the Sandinista Government is ovenhrown 
in recent times by the US and the FDN, the 
impoverished citizens of Nicaragua can look forward to 
a government that was taken 10 decapitating children 
dunng the 19605 and 70s. Three cheers for a 
representative, ethical fOreign policy. 

• • • • • 
"Everyone goes to the movies; everyone has gone to 

the movies," sinp an old adage. America's favorite 
movie this summer past was Rambo, starring the not-
too-sly Sylvester Stallone. Stallone hoped to rekindle a 

c8:~~ 

fire in the hearts of Vietnam veterans by bringing up a 
perpetual complaint voiced by many soldiers during 
and after the faJl of Saigon in 1975: that it was the US 
politicized bureaucracy who did not allow US troops to 
win the war in Vietnam. 

Dressed up in flaming fatigues and jungle SOO(, 
Rambo proceeds to rampage around the Cambodian 
rain forests searching for lost prisoners of war. Before 
the movie has come to its pitiful end, John Rambo has 
killed 75 Russians and Vietnamese, chastized the 
meaning of the noble savage, and incited riotous 
feelings in theaters Qcr9SS "this great land of ours." 

It is doubtful that Stallone has any clue as to the 
consequences of historical oppression, the backlash of 
colonialism, or the effectiveness of real nationalism as 
witnessed by the Vietnamese side of that tragic war. 
This is not to say that the bureaucrats involved in 
Southeast Asia policyrnaking, from Eisenhower to 
Nixon, were not a group of bumbling idiots with no 
concern for the lives of Americans, because they were. 
But might it not be more appropriate for actor-
directors like Stallone to consider how many more 
children are now historicaDy misguided as a resuk of 
his misplaced patriotism and sadism? After viewing 
Rambo, one tends to wish that Stallone never got up otT 
the canvas in Roclty. 

• • • • • 
On a potentially brighter note , Ronald Reagan and 

Mikhail Gorbachev will go-a-summitting in November 
in Geneva to discuss how TWO superpowers can best 
decide the fate of the world by trading rhetorical barbs, 
hints, threats, and hopefuUy, cpmpromises. The world 
media, in coUectively its most foolish style to date, is 
painting the summit as a glamorous battle between two 
"Great Communicators" rather than a serious 
mandatory meeting set-up to achieve substantial 
-eductions in the nuclear arsenals of both the US and 
the Soviet Union. PoSsibilities under consideration are: 
a ban on all existing US and Soviet anti-satellite 
weapons (ASATs); a proposal of a treary to prevent 
further proliferation of nerve gas and other chemical 
weapons; and a system of US and Soviet 
communication crisis centers to prevent nuclear 
accidents or regional crises from escalating into all-out 
nuclear war. 

All of these potential agreements appear to be 
worthy of implementation, but that does not alleviate 
the gross amounts of nuclear armaments still left in the 
world, nor does it even brush upon the ignorant and 
insubstantial diplomacy practiced by both the US and 
the USSR in light of the universal cry for peace. We 
can only hope that we, as 'citizens of the USA, and our 
counterparts as citizens of the USSR, can influence our 
governments enough to force them to make reasonable 
progress toward peace. 

United Campus Ministry 

$15 men $20 women rart Time Opportunity (regularly $18.50) 
Open Mo nday 

through Saturday 
Offer 11000 thru 85/ 86 

school ynr 

(regularly $25) 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
Suite 11 22, La Jolla 

In the Profc 'anal Bid". 
behmd EI Tomo 

457-2292 

Work your own houn 
Be your own boss 

In the 
Health. Nutrition ~ 

Personal Development l'Ield 

call: Lee Balentine 
452-0231 

WELCOMES YOU POR PALL OUARTER 
u'C.M, is the ministry of the Presbyterian, 
Methodist, United Church of Christ, and Disciples 
of Christ chur~ on the caf1llus. 
Weekly Bible study, recreation, and social events. 
Everyone is vvelcome, Contact RN. Bob Wagener. 
Campus Minister. for schedule. 452-252'. 



6 Monday, xptcmbn- 23, 1985 
OPINIONS 

A Note From the 
Editor: 

I'd like to welcome all you 
students to UCSD and to the 
Guardian 's first issue of the year. 

College is a new experience, a 
time in your life to experiment 
with new ideas and touch upon 
parts of yourself that you never 
knew existed. Remember, the 
student is a unique animal, an 
individual away from the 
confines of home but still 
snuggled in the safety net of a 
university community. Never 
again will you have access to 
14,000 people with such a 
variety of backgrounds and 
lifestyles. Don't let these next fe\\. 
years slip by in lecture halls and 
libraries, it's time to realize that 
life goes on, even if you flunk 
your Biology final. and the four 
or five years you spend here will 
gIVe you much more than just a 
degree. 

At the Guardian, we hope to 
kindle student activism and 
initiative. As a student 
newspaper, our purpose is not 
merely to record events, but to 
shape future ones by offering the 
widest range of opinions and 
Viewpoints of any media on 
campus. 

Our newspaper is run by 
students, contains the work of 
students, and is published for 
students. We encourage you to 

take advantage of what the 
Guardian has to oITer in terms of 
a public forum. We also offer the 
only practical newspaper training 
available on campus, Our current 
editorial staff is of rrofessional 
caliber, with severa members 
having experience workmg for 

such recognized newspapers as 
the Los Angeles Times, the San 
Diego Union, and the Tribune. 

The Guardian is also a core 
member of the UC Newswire, a 
news service that connects our 
newsroom with the campus 
newspapers at Berkeley, UClA, 
UC Santa Barbara, UC Davis, UC 
Irvine and UC Riverside. The 
service was created to keep the 
papers up-lo-date on what was 
happening in their sister 
campuses. The network will also 
give us a direct line to the UC 
Newswire's Sacramento 
Correspondent, a reporter hired 
by the organization to cover the 
state legislature and the high UC 
administration stories. 

Expect a lot from the Guardian 
this year. Our coverage of 
campus activities has broadened 
and will include our year-long 
series on the 25th Anniversary of 
UCSD. The anniversary pieces 
will span a time-line beginning 
at the conception of the first 

undergraduate course to the 
plans to add two additional 
colleges to the university before 
the tum of the century. 

The Guardian has been 
growing editorially' stronger every 
year, and as the university grows, 
so does our staff. We receive no 
funding from the Associated 
Stud ems or the administration 
and are supported financially by 
our advertising revenue. We 
value our independence greatly, 
as it has allowed the staff the 
freedom of creativity which 
permits us to take chances that 
other papers may find financially 
threatening. 

It's important not to be tOO 
• intimidated by college life. Save 
your anxieties for when they are 
reaDy warranted: Graduation. 

The year has already had its 
fair share of controversy with the 
Regents recent contract renewal 
with the nuclear weapon 
producing Los Alamos and 
Livermoore labs, Meanwhile on 
a more local front, the ASUCSD 
is battling Dr. Joe WatsOn, Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs, on his new resrrictions 
on the time place and manner 
alcohol can be consumed, More 
on that story later. 

As the campus newspaper we 
feel a need ~ot only to 
strengthen the dialogue berween 
students, faculity and 
administration, but also to 
support any and all media 
throughout the campus and their 
rights to freedom of speech. 

The Guardianneeds your input, 
whether it be critical or 
suggestions for better coverage 
we want to hear about it and 
know what kind of job you think 
your student newspaper is doing, 

THEATRE IN THE MAKING AT UCSD 
1985-86 Season II" 

lSI, STUDENT COUPON SPECIAL 
::' : 5 PLAYS FOR ONLY 515.00!* 

• 

Featuring: 
Shakespeare's delightful comedy TWELFTH NIGHT 

November 7-16 
The bawdy, robust satire THE ALCHEMIST 

November 14-20 
lWO NEW PLAYS: 

RELAXIN' AT CAMARILLO (December 4-8) 
and 

BAIT (March 7-15) 
PLUS 7 MORE PI.A YS DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR 

You plcl~ and choose what ra see and save 40%! Simply purchase me discount coupon bool~ NOW and 
redeem for ricl~ers at a later time! See 5 ploy.; or tal~e 5 friends to see one ploy --

it's all up ro you all year long. 
CALL 452·3793 NOW_ 

("New Student Introductory Offer -- Until October 19 brond new students or UCSD (freshmen, transfers, flrst-yeor graduates) can 
purch~ 10 coupons for only D1 0.001 Thor s S1 .00 a t ld~er! Don't wait. This offer will end soon.) 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -DETACH HERE - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
NAM~E ______________________________________________________________ _ COUfGE ________________ __ 

ADDN3S, ____________________________________________________ __ ~S~L. ______________ __ 
aN ___________________________________________________ np~ __ _ ~NE ________________ ___ 

I wonr Srudenr Coupon Dooks or $15.00 each = $ -------------------
( Ne-H 5rvdent Introductory Offer - Please coil 452-J79J) 
Endose a check mode poyabl~ to U.c. REGENTS and a stamped. self-addressed envelope, Mall to: UGD DAAMA DEPT. O-()4.4, LA JOLLA. CA 
92093 Q( take to the Dramo Dept., Humonities-Ubrary Ouilding, Room 2550. 

Monday, Sqtmtbtr 23, 1985 7 
OPINIONS 

A Conscription of Civil Liberties 
By PETER QUERCIA 

CONTRARY TO THE beliefs of many misguided patriots. the Constitution 
of the United States dots not 
allow for a miUtalj' draft. This 
two-centuries-old manuscript-
the bible of democracy-grants 
government the right only "to 
raist and support armies .. , to 
provide for caDing forth the 
militia. .. to provide for 
organizing, arming and 
disciplining the militia ." ." [t 
does not force unsuspecting 
citizens to prepare and fight 
enemies of the poeple, either real 
or imagined. 

The rramers of this most 
precious document could not 
have had universal conscription 
in mind since there was no draft 
during the R£volutionalj' W." 
nor any consideration of 
instituting one. The tyrant 
Napoleon I of France imposed 
the modem-day version of 
mandatory military service, 
enabling him to go about 
squashing nearby countries. 
During the Civil War, the U.S. 
government tried to establish a 
draft , mainly to bolster 
volunteerism. The confederate 
army initiated the draft first. 
Back then, even the hint of such 
a radical change it'! militalj' 
recruitment was enough to cause 
riots in the streets. [n New York 
City alone, more than 1.000 
people were killed in just one 
such insurrection. 

That great watchdog of our 
constitutional rights, the 
American Civil Liberties Union, 
is rightfully opposed to military 
conscription based on the 120-
year-old 13th Amendment, which 
bans "involuntalj' servitude, 
except as a punishment for 
crime ... : In fact, the ACLU was 
founded in response to the 
government's running roughshod 
over its citizens' rights during 
World War [. The U.S. Supreme 
Court then had affirmed hastily 
wriuen selective draft laws by 
falsely stating that mandatory 
service was a cherished tradition 
in America's past. [t most 
certainly was not. The court's 
decision was a result of intense 
political pressure from weapons 
manufacturers and others who 

benefit financially from war. For 
60 years the Supreme Court has 
refused to accept cases 
challenging the militalj' draft, 
agai n because of persistent 
political interference. 

During World War lithe draft 
was resurrected from its 
dormancy. Following 194.5, the 
w>vemment nutured Cold War 
rhetoric and was able to 
successfully cultivate public 
opinion into accepting the 
government's desire to maintain 

,-

f}" 
I I 

I ~ L 
It 

~i ,~ 
'I, I' _ 
/' f~it 
'/'.' 

' I 

vast military superiority over 
every other country. As a result, 
to this day we have an 
invasionary force of 350,000 
troops in Europe- mainly in 
West Germany-who serve no 
practical purpose whatsoever. 

Politicians have relied on the 
draft for an inexhaustible pool of 
poor saps to fight ideological 
wars in Korea and Vietnam, and 
most recendy in the Middle East, 
Grenada and the next coming 
attraction: Central America. 
Indeed the Korean and Vietnam 

wars could not have been fought 
without a draft. [n Viemam, 83 
percent of the 2.3 million 
soldiers who were shipped there 
had been drafted. Most inductees 
were sent to the front lines, as 
they were seen as being a more 
expendible commodity than the 
few who volunteered. Nearly 
60,000 vigorous young men died 
Ihere for no cause. The 
government's theory was to 
collect young bodies-the 
average age was only 19-

because their brains had not yet 
reached peak development. That 
generally occurs in the mid-to-
late 30s. Thus, young minds are 
much more likely to follow 
orders without question. By 
1973, following years of anti-war 
sentiment where burning ones 
draft card became a national 
symbol, President Richard Nixon 
had no choice but to rescind the 
draft. This gave birth to the aD-
volunteer army. Military pay, 
retirement benefits, and weapons 
systems were all increased. 

Today, two miUion men and 
women serve in the armed 
forces. Today's troops are the 
best educated personnel ever; 92 
percent are high school 
graduates as compared with just 
56 percent in 1980. Volunteerism 
has again proven that it works 
very well. 

Exactly five years ago this 
month , President Jimmy Carter 
reactivated the Selective Service 
System to "scare" the Soviets into 
pulling out of Afghanistan and' to 

.~. 

commissioned study by the 
Military Manpower Task Force in 
1981. The Force never made a 
recommendation to reinstate 
draft registration, but only 
indicated that a draft would 
shonen mobilization time by two 
weeks. The actual report has 
been put under wraps by the 
Reagan Administration in 
violation of the Freedom of 
Information Act enacted in 1966 
and strengthened in 1974, 
following Watergate. Gen. 
Alexander Haig lobbied long and 
hard for draft registration as did 
the Pentagon warlords in 
deference to their masters. the 
giant defense contractors. 

Already, dissenters like 
Benjamin Sasway of Vista have 
been unjustly thrown into jail for 
publicly opposing conscription. 
Incredibly many Americans are 
quick to be hooked by the line 
from politicians and others that 
military service is somehow 
parriotic. To them freedom is 
worthless unless thousands of 
young people periodically fight 
and die in foreign wars such as 
Viemam, a war Reagan called "a 
noble cause: 

. .. 

, ~ Military draft is an anathema 
..'2 to everything our country stands ' 
...2 for. [t is not an American 
..Q, tradition, having been used just 
~~~'::- E 35 years in this nation's 209-year 

g histolj'. It is significant, tOO , that 
E our supposed arche~emy-the 
~ communists-must Impose a 

;§ draft in order to field an army. 

"frighten" the Ayatollah Khomeini 
in Iran into releasing the 52 
American hostages. [n November 
of 1980, President Reagan was 
elected. He subsequendy ordered 
[hat every person of eligible age 
must, by law, register for the 
coming draft. This came despite 
his campaign promise that, 
"Only in the most severe national 
emergency dots the government 
have a claim to the mandatory 
service of its young people." 
Reagan's position change is 
supposed to have come from his 

Their military is just as 
ideological as ours . And there, as 
here , dissenters are dealt with by 
being interned in faraway prison 
camps. [t IS ironic that we 
emulate the policies of 
communistic and dictatorial 
regimes. governments we profess 
to detest. 

In definition, parriotism is 
exercizing one's rights and 
privileges accorded to all U.S. 
citizens, as outlined in the 
Constitution. Embracing blindly 
the rhetoric of politicians, the 
Defense Department and other 
authoritarian entities as to what 
they say constitutes patriotism, is 
not only extremely dangerous, 
but is a gross perversion . 

Loolcing For Softie Excitement In Your Life? 
Try an Urban Studies and Planning Course 

Open For EnroUment To All Students Feill, 1985 

USPI. COMPAllA11VE UDANIZATION: Historical and comparative survey of 
citia throughout the world. Ecolo9cal.lOCial, economic, technological, and cultural 
determinant 01 city location, form. growth, and decline. Urbanization fIlO\Iement 
Iollowing the InclJItriaI Revolution. Role of the city .. a force of culture and 
civilization. T~.·Thurs. 10:o()'ll:20 (Blumberg) TI.H 107. 

USP 144A ORIENTA noN TO HEALTH CAllE ORGANIZA nON: This course w~l 
provide an overview 01 the orgenization of health care within the conteKt of the 
community with emphasis on the political, social. and cultural influences. It is 
concerned with the structure, objectives, and trends 01 major health-related 
prow:ams in the United States to include sponsorship, financing. triilling and 
utilization of health pertOnnei. Prerequisites: upper·division standng, consent oj 
instructor. Tues.·Thurs. 1:()()'2:20 (8rod!I) MCC 124. USP I. 

USP 123 

U.aAN ECONOMICS PII08LEMS: (Same .. Eton. 135.) Analysis 01 
cau_ 01 c:ongeation, poIution, hooting and diecriminalion and M!J'egation, crime, 
etc., end of public: policies to deal with theM problems. Prerequisite: one year of 
Iower·dUsion «OnOmics. MWF 1:00-1:50 (Engle) HSS 2250. 

HOUSING POLICY: (Same as Eton. 133.) EKamines currenl issue in housing 
policy: housing finance, rent control, neighborhood decline and revitalization, 
gentrification and dilpjacement, home·ownership affordability, segregation and 
discrimination, and Iow·income housins Prerequisite: one yeor of /ower·division 
economics. MWF 1l:()()'1l:50 (Philtips) TLH 104. 

USP 131 COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND E11INICITY: An examination o( the 
interaction of migration and urbanization on community as a social' system. 
Characteristics of agencies and organizations which deliver services or influence 
changes will be approached from the use of ethnicity as a conceptual model. 
Prerequisites: USP 131L (concurrently), upper·division standing. Tues.·Thurs. 
11:30-12:50 (Thomas) MCC 124. 

US. 131L COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNICITY LAB: Models for human 
service delivery, community development, action, and planning w~1 be taught 
through exercises and individual project.. Prerequisite: USP 131 concurrent 
enrolment. Tues. 2:ro3:50 (Thomas) TCHB 141. 

USP I. 111£ IllACK GHETTO: Examination of the black gllItto from about 1880 to 
the present. Trends in migration, the patterns of economic and social adjustment, 
shifts in ideology and protest, and the demand for community control are themes. 
Tues.·Thura. '4:()()'S:20 (Thomas) HSS 2333. 

USP 152 ADULT DEVELOPMENT AND AGING: An examination of the 
development stages of early, middle, and late adulthood and their processes of 
behavior change. Topics include impact of societal and cultural factors, continuity 
and change in the individual penonaIity, influence of norms and roles, family life, 
adult seKuaiity. and ethnicity as a cultural eKperience in human development. MWF 
9:()()'9:50 (Thomas) TCHB 141. 

US, 175 ENVIRONMENTALPROBLEMSOFURBANSTVDIES: Man'sacti"ities 
have had dramatic impact upon the natural resources 01 California's urban areas, 
l1le class will focus upon the nature and eKtent 01 such impact with an empha&is on 
evalualing the current status of resource· related planning on management efforts. 
Major Ihemes will include politics of resource protection; provision of parks and 
open space; preserving natural area; wildlife management; air and water quality 
ISSUes; land use planning by state agencies; protecting agricultural lands and guiding 
the location of new development. The goal 01 the course is to provide the student 
with a beller understanding of the ways in which the natural resources 01 urban ar_ 
are being protecled and planned for by government agencies and the limitations of 
current programs. PrfWequisite: upper·division standins M 3:()()'S:OO (Crandall) 
TCHB 141. 



8 Monday, Sqttlllba 23, 1985 
OPINIONS 

Women stunted under Patriarchy 
By PATII OROZCO 

In a COUntry where women 
constitute more than half of the 
population, it seems absurd that 
only 5 percent of the national 
legislature is represented by 
women. One should question the 
motives of such an existing 
structure and the possibility that 
sometime during the evolution of 
society, a group of capitalistic 
males 'saw the opponunity to 
repress, exploit and subjugate 
women. 

As unsuspecting, 
unenlightened women continue 
in the drudgery of hving 
"feminine" lives that have been 
defined and prescribed by their 
masculine counterpartS, they 
lose , day by day, the right to 
control, stabilize, and dictate 
their own behavior. It is, afteraD, 
the 95 percent of male legislators 
that continue to uphold and 
make the laws we live by. It is 
still a group of capitalistic men, 
in patriarchal robes, that reign 
over an oppressed majority and 
play upon the mythical "female 
weakness" to reach their own 
ends. 

This may aU mean nothing to 
the incoming fresh person who 
has no evidence or experience to 
ascenain that the larger pan of 
the world is run for and by men. 
It may mean nothing to the 
successful businessman's naive, 
sheltered, eighteen year old 
daughter who has enough 
confidence to believe she can 
accomplish anything. She may 

read my opening paragraph and 
scoff or worse yet, not 
comprehend its meaning. That is 
okay; not long ago I wouldn't 
have understood such talk either. 
Then, I began to see apalling 
statistics describing university 
life. Numbers that sh~d how 
female coDege students tend to 
have higher grade-poi nt-averages 
yet also showed that male coDege 
students receive more degrees 
than women - males have a 
higher graduation rate. 

What kind of system is this 
that obstructs the development 
and progress of women? We live 
in a male-dominated system that 
has no interest in providing 
women with equal opponunities 
to rise above the lower half of 
the economic classes; and that 
stunts women's growth by using 
their biological capabilities (i.e. 
motherhood), against them. It is 
no secret that women are 
generaDy paid less than males for 
the same job; that at least 80 
percent of welfare recipients are 
single mothers; that women who 
are four-year college graduates 
generally have lower salaries than 
male high school gradualtS; and, 
that women are discriminated 
against in the work force by 
employers who refuse to hire 
them because "they might get 
pregnant and quit," "their 
husbands might make them 
move to another City as he takes 
a better job," "women with 
children are nOl dependable and 

tOO often take time off work to 
take care of the children," etc. 

Clearly the status of women in 
the United States leaves much to 
be desired. Yet, it is important to 
realize that the situation cannOl 
be targeted on a purely 
systematic level; there are heavy 
cultural aspects of the "American 
Dream" that have brought 
women to their current 
predicament The big house and 
the white picket fence 
demonstrate the extent of a 
woman's ambitions in the United 
States; while on the other .hatld, 
the North American male may 
dream of becoming president of 
the United States or president of 
a muiti-miBion dollar 
corporation. From early 
childhood on, males are 
conditioned to aspire to take 
control while females are 
encouraged to take home 

BLOOM COUNTY 

economics. 
Despite the odds a woman 

faces, the world is not without its 
seekers of justice. In this 
macrocosm of widespread 
sexism that is the Unired StalES, 
we see on a smaler scale the 
microcosm of racism-by-gender 
on the university campus. 
Women and minorities are still 
severely underrepresented In 
science and engineering 
departments. WOIMn are 
sexually harassed by male TA's, 
professors and feDow classmates. 
Women must deal with the 
emOlionai, systematic and 
cukural obstruCtions set up by 
the university male hierarchy. 

In response to the injustice 
suffered by women on every . 
campus and in evety workplace, 
women's cenrer have sprung up 
everywhere. Through the unified 
effort of women who have 

realized there is a desperare 
need to enlighten other women, 
women's cenrers across the 
nation have provided viIal 
semen to community and 
srudem females. Women's 
centers extend the proofs or a 
sexist society to at t:hoK who 
inrerest themsc~s with leamins 
the tIUIh about the wodd. Only 
through an understanding of che 
world's iDs may we realisucall.y 
hope to cure them. Women. in 
all their~, have shown their 
strength and endurance by 
creating cenrers ID educare even 
the men that have laken pan in 
an evil system dtat rewards 
individuals by virtue of their 
external genitalia. Until it is 
understOOd that women are a 
force to be reckoned with, the 
women's cenrer! wiD continue to 
fight lOr what is rightfuBy theirs 

~ equality for all. 

Department of History C'ourse Offerings 
---------Fall Quarter 1985---------

HilIIA Larin Amma.: Iberian EmpiTe 
TrH 11:30-12:50 PH 104 E. Van Young 

Hill ZA u.s. Hilcory 
MWF 1():()()"1O:5O PH 110 R. Ritchie 

Hill lA Europa&n Social no...'" 
MWF 9:00-9:50 HSS 2250 R. Hvolbek 

Hilt 7 A Ra« and Efhnidty in the UniIM Stata 
MWF 1:()()"1:5O USB 2822 A. Parent 

Hill 7 A W Rdce and Efhnidty in the United St4ta 
MWF 1:00-1:50 USB 2822 A. Parent 

HUe U onpa. and ~ of Underdewlopnmt 
1TH 11:30-12:50 U .. H 104 E. Reynolds 

Hill 24W Oria'ini and Goruequcnca of U~pmenI 
1TH 11:30-12:50 TLH 104 E. Retnolds 

Hill 2.9 Women in American no...'" 
TIli 10:00-11:20 P&L 1110 R. Klein 

HilII02A The Roman Republic 
MWF 10:00-10:50 APM 2301 A. Mosshammer 

Hill l()fA The RUe of EUTOpe 
TIH 8:30-9:50 APM 2301 L. Slota 

Hisl 104Q Special Tapia in Medk""l Hiltory 
W 1:00-3:50 TIH 102 L. Slota 

Hilt llOB Ruuia: 18S5 eo Prame 
TIH 1:()()"2:20 Ext 1"2 R. Edelman 

HilIllOQ Special Tapia in MocIem RuaiGn Hiseor, 
T 6:00-8:50 Man 106 R. Edelman 

Hill lIS PTenm CulcNnd Hueory: I 789·J810 
MWF 12:00-12:50 HSS 1106 A.E. Kleinert 

Hin 119 Ewropecin IntellmuAL HuCOl"1. 1890-1913 
TIH 11:30-12:50 APM 2301 D. Luft 

Hin 12.3 PCM&.Ia' in Ameriaan Soda, 
MWF 10:00-10:50 HSS 1330 S. Hahn 

HUt 139Q StDeoC,pa of lmperial BrUr.dn 
M 1:00-3:50 HSS 6008 J. Galbraith 

HUe 14S Soc:io-Bconomic ~ ...... RnuIaIdGn 
m~IAmerk4 

TrH 2:30-3:50 TI.H III M. Foroohar 
Hilt 146A A HiafDry ofMaic:o 

1TH 10:00-11:20 PH 103 R. Rub 
Hile 15SA Soci4l and Bc:onomic History of file Sc.d&_ 

1TH 2:30-3:50 lUi 110 W. Moore 
Hile ISSQ Colloquium in Maica ... Ameriam Hu.or, 

W 2:()()...f:SO USB 40508 W. Moore 
HilI157 Tried. of Ameriaa 

MWF 9:()()"9:SO P&.l.. 1110 M. Parriah 
Hilt 159A AJTo-AmericGn History 

MWF l1:00-11:SO Ext ISO Staff 
HilII59Q AJTo-AmericGn Hilror, 

W 3:00-5:50 USB ..0208 A. Parent 
Hilt 169A American Pomp Policy 

MWF 11 :30-11:50 HSS 2305 R. Hunt 
Hill 17SA Hucory of A{rit:4 fO 1880 

TIli 1:()()"2:20 HSS 2305 E. Reynolds 
Hill 176 Hucor, of Souda A/"ric4 

MWF 9:00-9:50 HSS 2150 J. Galbraith 
HiIII81A Hilcory ofChinae 'l1Iotclae: The Ancient l...,.mcd PeriGd 

MWF 2:00-2:50 HSS 2333 T. Mmaer 

I' f 

Ideals of University 
By ALAN COLLEY 

As new and past students 
arrive at UCSD, we are forced to 
integrate or reintegrate ourselves 
into this vast institution of the 
University of California at San 
Diego. One has to come to terms 
with the new rules, expectations, 
and standards of the complex 
subculture of university life. 
OCten one is compeDed to accept 
these new norms, if only because 
of the sheer number of them, 
without questioning them. But 
through your stay at UCSD these 
nofins should be examined. You 
may ask, Why do our textbooks 
COst so much?; or, Why are so 
many of the newspapers on 
campus left-wing?; or finally, 
What is this university here to 
do? 

This last question is the most 
important because aD the others 
depend upon the answer. Before 
condemning the Bookstore's 
outrageously high rrices or the 
school's funding 0 leftist media, 
one should ask whether these 
policies advance or defeat the 
goals of the university, and 
whether the professed goals are 
those proper for such an 
institution at UCSD. 

What, then, is the purpose of 
a university? Answers to this 
have changed over time, each 
innuendng the next, so let us 
glance at the evolution oC the 
concept of the university. 

Our modem centers of higher 
learning derive ultimately from 
the schools of ancient Greece, 

whose ideal was the unimpaired 
pursuit of knowledge (what we. 
now would call research, despite 
its focus on philosophical 
themes). Many of the works that 
came out of these schools were 
preserved in the medieval 
universities whose purpose was 
Htde more than the transmission 
of knowledge and cultural values 
as expressed in the works of 
certain acknowledged masters. 
The Renaissance combined these 
two traditions into the idea oC a 
liberal education: USing a solid 
grounding in the great works of 
Wesrern Civilization to pursue 
knowledge for its own sake. 

Throughout these periods, the 
universities also served as the 
training grounds for the 
"proCessions": theology, medicine, 
and law. But with the Industrial 
Revolution came a need for 
trained technologists, as the 
design and construction of 
machines turned from a craft 
into a science, and, soon after, a 
need for other profeSSiOnals to 
deal with the problems of the 
evermore complex SOCiety that 
the industrialization of the West 
produced. So the universities 
took a pragmatic tum and the 
model of the university as a 
center for specialized training 
arose. At much the same time, 
the rapidly transforming sociery 
turned to the universities for 
technological innovation, which 
they were wiDing to sponsor. 
Thus research became a key 

element in the culture oC the 
university. 

What comes from this 
tradition is a university with 
three goals: the broad education 
and development of new minds; 
vocationaVprofessional training 
for careers in society at large; 
and research to expand what we 
already know. 

Though connict often arises as 
these different aspects compete 
for limited resources. their 
relationship is ideaDy symbiotiC. 
Study of the liberal artS shows 
researchers how to integrate their 
findings into the body of 
knowledge and shows 
professiOnals how to think 
clearly and fleXibly. Keeping 
career goals in mind helps 
maintain the practical interest in 
both research and liberal studies. 
FinaDy, research brings the spirit 
of inquiry to liberal education 
and experience in problem 
solving to professional training. 

If only activities engaged in 
were teaching, training, and 
research, then, perhaps, the 
university could approach its 
ideal of a community of scholars 
living in harmony. But i.n 
pursuing these three goals, the 
university must provide facilities 
fQr these activities, and housing, 
food and supplies for its 
scholars; in shon, it must plan 
and support the entire university 
community and, beyond this, it 
must solicit income to suppon 
itself. 

Rent Quall1)t Furniture 
at Budget Prices 

FREE MONTH'S RENT 
FREE DELIVERY 
FREE PICK-UP 

with this .. 

$30 off 

Thus the purer pan of the 
university, the faculty, are either 
forced into administration or 
their numbers and innuence are 
diluted by administrators who 
have goals distinct from teaching 
and research (i.e. running a 
profitable bookstore or 
presenting the university 
positively to the legislature). It is 
from this albeit necessaty evil of 
maintaining the institution of the 
university that dissent arises 
between students, faculry and 
administrators, who would 
otherwise agree on the academic 
ideals on which the university is 
founded. 

So the university can never be 
without conflict and tension. In 
the next article in this series we 
will consider how UCSD, in 
particular, deals with these 
conficts and how weD it 
approaches the ideal of the 

[f~iTffis l HT HIS 
HIS l HT ffiS l HT 
Continued from J»IC .. 
conservatives, lead by the 
misnamed Moral Majority, are 
criticizing the media for 
exaggerating and sensationalizing 
the events transpiring in Africa. 
Their charges, though, have 
proven totaDy unfounded. The 

Monday, Stplcmbn' 23, 1985 9 
OPINIONS 

dominating white government 
was the murderer of many oC the 
700 blacks kiUed there since last 
September. Nine hundred 
children. many only six or seven 
years old, were arrested at 
gunpoint August 2J for 
boycotting classes in proteSt of 
apartheid. National leaders, such 
as Nelson Mendela, his wife, and 
Rev. Allan Boesak are in, or have 
been in prison. 

On August 2,., President 
Reagan pubUcaDy described 
Botha's fascist regime as 
"reformist" saying, "They have 
eliminated the segregation that 
we once had in our COUntty, the 
type of thing where hotels and 

.restaurants and places of 
entertainment and so Corth were 
segregated-that has aD been 
eliminated over there." 

Then, fundamentalist fanatic 
Jerry FalweD goes on a five-day 
pilgrimage and fact-finding 
mission and comes back with a 
purely fictional account of the 
crimes being committed by a 
government he [JUly loves. 
Falwell kisses up to Botha, . 
discredits Anglican Bishop 
Desmond Tutu as "a phony: and 
claims blacks are opposed to the 
United States initiating economic 
sanctions. Both Reagan and his 
spiritual advisor prove only that 
they are both moraDy and 
inteDecrually bankrupt. A gaDop 
firm based in South Africa found 
in its most recent survey that 77 
percent of blacks want the US to 
impose sanctions. As for blacks 
lOSing jobS, statistics show that 
less than 1 percent of the total 
work Corce of American 
companies in South Africa 
represent blacks. 

Peter Quereia 

$50 off 
Siladium Rings 

~ 

Beat the High Costs of Moving 
REFRIGERA TORS/TVs/VCRs/STEREOS 
Home furnishings and other Appliances 14k Gold Rings • ;.; '.:'\ ~_ t' 

II BUDGET RENTS FURNITURE 
KEARNY MESA 

8807 Ciairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Di~, CA 92123 

279-"34 

Al'PUANCES-279-4600 
rOr~ By Phone) 

HOURS 
Mo~Frid<rt' I(}-7 

Saturd<rj 1(}-5 
MISSION BAY 

1170 IXI. Mor~ 8M:!. 
San Diego. CA 92110 

27~0l82 

APf'UANCES-275-4413 
rOr~ by Phone} 

!111M'" BNTAl. n •• RmCM_ 
CAI.L SHOWROOMS POll NTAiU 

.............. -- ............. 

~ 
JtRTVlJ1YfQ 

$20 off 
10k Gold Rings 

23-25 M-T-W 10-3 pm Outside Bookstore 
DATE TIME PLACE 
• Z o.go~t ~ulr.d 



Literature Departfllent 
FALL QUARTER 

The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offers a wide 
variety of services including the ~roce88ing of all student 

forms, add/ drops, and advising on majon and minon. 

engIish/Rmerican 
Lil/En 1 .. 9 
Thmtts in English and American LitD"alurc 
J9th Century Bt:st-Stllillg Ammcan Women NOlidists 
Lee A ITh 2:30-3 :50 TCHB 142 cOO802 
Instructor. Sinda Gregory 
The novel which sells (and is presumably read) more than any otherin a given year is 
a novel that has both gauged and shaped its time. This is especially true of the 19th 
century, when people lived in homes where the only images were static - a few 
daguerreotypes. a calendar, a print of~Blue Boy." Because people read for leisure , the 
novel 100 years ago was the most powerful, persuasive entertainment of middle-
class America - panicularly American women. This course will examine eight best-
selling novels wrirren by women and dISCUSS these works in terms of their literary 
qualities and their historical, political. and cultural significance. 
Novels: Charlotte Temple, Uncle Tom 's Cabin. Fern Leaves from Fanny's Portfolio, The 
Lamplighter, Malaesha or The Indian Wife oflhe While Hunle r, Uttle Men, Ramona, House 
oj Mirth . 
Lit/En 173 
Ammcan Fiction I: 
The Rise and lkvelopmml of the American NOlid 
Lec A Th 7:00-9:50 USB 3020 cc6819 
Jnstructor. Paul Dresman 
The novels to be read in this course are Brown's Wl£la 'ld, Cooper's The Prairie, 
Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, Melville's Moby Dick, James' Portrait of a Lady, and 
Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. There will be an emphasis on the relation 
between fiction and American history, especially on the frontier. Weekly quizzes, a 
shoner and a longer paper, and a final. 

Lit/En 175A 
Nr:w American fiction 
Boundaries: Conwnporary Ammcan Writing 1975-1985 
Lec A MWF 12:00-12:50 PH 103 cc8889 
Instructor. Paul Dresman 
Contemporary American writing over the past decade has been charac terized by a 
disregard of formal boundaries;journalism took on the techniques officrion; fiction 
has become more poetic; poetry more discursive. While this melding of genres has 
its origins in Modernism and while earlier examples occur in the immediately 
preceding decades, the texts used in this course represent culminations. Several of 
these books also address the immediate historical moment even as they se.rve as 
homages to archerypal American myths , themes and expressions. Ashort and a long 
paper, reading qUizzes and a final. The possibility of some relevant films. 
Texts. Far Tortuga by Peter Mattheissen, DISpatches by Michael Herr, Gunslinger by 
Edward Dorn , Talkmg ac the Boundaries by David Annn, The Woman Warrior by 
Maxine Hong Kmgston , The White Album by Joan Didion, TIle Names by Don Delillo, 
The Color Purple by Alice Walker. 

Lit/En 176 
Major American Writos: 
Scott Fitzgerald 6- Jack Kerouac 
Lec A ITh 10:00-11;20 EXT 142 cOO820 
Instructor. Stephen Rodefer 
A close reading of selected writing of Scott Fitzgerald andJack Kerouac , with added 
emphaSiS on the socio-cultural phenomenon they represent: jazz age/ roaring 20's 
and the beatnik/ post-war era. Biographical and historical emphasis and use of 
audiovisual material inevitable. 

Lit/Wri 122 
Sdma: Writing 
Sem A T h 2:30-5:20 TEH 302 cc9056 
lnstructor. Brooke Nielsen 
A workshop in the writing of scientific or technical reports. Instructor and students 
will discuss student work, exploring the particular constraints and possibilities of 
science writing. 

LitlGcn 128 
Tlu DraflldS oj 8otoIt Bm:ht 
Lec A TTh 11 :30-12:50 USB 3030A cc9028 
Insttuctor. James K. Lyon 
An introduction to the dramas of one of the 20th century's fo remost playwrights. We 
shall read ten dramas during the quarter - Drum in the Night; &al; A Man's a Man; 
The Threepenny Opera; Life of Gali/eo; Mother Cou rage and her Children; The Caucasian 
Chalk Circle; and Schweyfl in the Second World War. Lectures will deal with the genesis 
of each drama in terms ofliterary, social and political history, and each drama will be 
examined from the perspectives of both the literary critic and the drama critic, i. .,' 
as text and as performance. Brecht's literary theories will also be elaborated and 
applied to his plays. (Course credit for General Literature only; this course will not 
count towards the German major or the German minor.) 

Lit/Gen 163 
Children's LitmJlurc 
Lee A T " :00-6:50 APM 2 .. 02 cc6890 
Instructor. Jerry Griswold 
A serious and enjoyable study of classic novels that have come to be childhood 
favori tes: Wind in the Willows, The Secret Garden, Tom Sawyer, The Wizard ofOz. etc. 
Some time will be devoted to folklore, the fairy tares of Hans Christian Andersen, and 
the picture books of Beauix Potter (The Tale oj Peter Rabbit) and Maurice Sendak 
(Where the Wild Things Are). 

LitiGen 172 
Contemporary Science Fiction 
The Last Generation in Saence Fiction and Film 
Lec A W 7:00-9:50 HSS 1330 cc6892 
Instructor. Stephen Potts 
Beginning in the late 1950's, 
sc ience fiction has developed 
from a pulp genre of narrow 
appeal into a literature with its 
own high standards and an 
entire industry of publishers, 
critics, and fans behind it. 
During the 1960's, it grew in 
popularity and sophistication 
as the New Wave injected new 
literary purpose into science 
fiction and serious filmmakers 
raised the standards of science 
fiction film . In this class, we will 
investigate science fiction 's 
coming of age in our time by focusing on specific works of the decades 
becween 1960 and 1980 in the context of the genre's historical and 
critical background. 

FALL QUARTER COURSE DESCRIPTIONS ARE AVAILABLE 
AT TCHB 110 

( 

MmuIa.Y, Stpcem~ 23, J985 11 
NEWS 

Career Center opens $1.8 million structure 
By DIANE RIGDON 

U csO's Career Services, anticipatil18 what each UCSD student's career 
I1ftds might be before and after 
graduation, has built a new 
cenrer costing $1.16 miUion in 
student registration fees. 

Before this August, the Career 
Savica umrr was housed in 

three separate buildin~; now its 
new base is an ultra-modem, 
sophi.icaled, concrete-and-
minor building locared near the 
lICbninisaaM complex and 
daIped by Joseph Maninez. Exisdnc. to march students' 
CUftI' pis wim paying jobs, the 
Calftl' Services Center is -Cor 

motivated students who make 
the most of their opportunities; 
but any UCSo student with far-
reaching career goals should 
know what career he wants by 
his sophomore ),,!ar," accordil18 
to the center's director, Dr. Neil 
Murray. 

Before their sophomore year 
rolls around, fresh~n can add 
to their resumes by selecting a 
position from among the weill 
of popular, high-paying on-
campus jobs. Foodservices, lab 
work, clerical (which may afford 
an opportunity (0 work in the 
office of the Chancellor or of a 
Provost), janitorial, and academic 
(perhaps as a "reader," grading 
papers for a professor). There are 
also Iistin~ in 13 caregories of 
off-campus jobs at the CenteT. 

For freshmen unsure about 
what jobs they want, there is the 
System oC Interactive Guidance 
and Information (SIGl) , locared 
in the unter. SIGI is a computer 
search in which a student 
answers questions a computer 
poses and a career adviser 
analyzes the results. 

FOraninttoduction to the job 
market, the Center provides 
monthly workshops which teach 
valuable techniques such as how 
to write resumes, how to 
interview, how to explore the 
hidden job market, and how to 

identify a career, but "the 
workshops aren'l as popular as 

Dr. Ntil Mumay outside the sptctacular new c..:arur Center building 
(aboYe), Maxine Bailey; "You can't underestimate a ptrsDn 's ability to 
educate himself." (right) 

STOREWIDE 

Save 20-50% in 
every department! 

, 
• 

.Technical Pens & Sets (Reform. Faber·Casteli . • Markers and Sets 40-50% 
Koh-I-Noor . Staedtler Mars and New Rotnng • T-Squdres. Templates. Triangles and 
Rapidograph) 40.50 0 0 8. more Straight-Edges 20-30% 

eAirbrushes New Everyday discount of 20% on. Brushes 30% 
our complete line ... Paasche. Badger. Olympos. Designaire Marker Spray Kits 40% 

. . . 

AHer September 30. we will stili offer sludents a 20'/0 discount on Saturdays and 
10% during the week. ·excluding cuslom framing. some furni -

ture. and a few other net items. 

The Fine Art Store 
8843 QAIREtv10NT MESA BLVD.. SAN DIEGO. CA. (565-0646) 
4683 CASS ST. PACIFIC BEACH. CA. (483 -4434) 

they should be: says Phyllis 
Walker, assistant director of part-
time employment 

The most popular profeSSions 
among UCSD graduates were 
technical positions, while . 
education , communications, 
social services and the arts 
ranked among the least popular. 
Technical pros earned an 

average of $25,300 while school 
teachers grossed about 519,700. 
Walker stresses that the situation 
for freshmen studying in the 
Humanities and Social Sciences 
isn 't bleak if they "learn technical 
skills such as word processing, 
data entry, and computer 

Pleaae tum to pap 16 

Techno-pros top pay list 
Elementary educators finish last 
Whatever happt..led to the class of 19841 
Most entered the work force after they graduated, according to an 

annual poll conducred by the UCSD Career Services and the 
Campus planning office. 

or the 1200 students who received bachelor degrees from the 
University last year, 45 percent responded to the poll, and of this 
group, 70 percent chose to hold CuD or part-time jobs after 
graduation. The remaining 30 percent entered graduate school, but 
only a minority did so on a full-time basis. Of the survey 
respondents, few were unemployed. Medicine continued to be the 
most common area of advanced study, while law and engineering 
increased in popularity from the 1983 academic year. 

Those who did enter the work Iorce offered some infonnation 
which may be helpful to future graduating students wishing to 
pursue careers after coOege. 

The most important factor that led to success in job searching 
was experience. Those with previous career related job experience 
and education earned an average of $5 ,200 more than those 
without these assets. Graduates said that having an education and 
holding full-time jobs were important in contributing to 
"experience: 

Anot:her factor most found helpful in finding a job was personal 
contacts. 50 percent of students found jobs through ~previous 
experience with the employer" or they "knew employer or (were) 
referred by someone." The other 50 percent found jobs through the 
Career Services Center, previous experience, classlfieds, and 
private employment agencies. 

As for the types of employment sought after graduation, a large 
percentage of those surve)"!d chose to go for jobs in technical-
relared professions. These jobs also proved to offer the highest 
salaries-an average of 525 ,300 a year. Other students went for jobs 
relaong to finance, sales, management, social services, and 
communications. Education was the least popular, attracting only 4 
percent of the students. It was also the lowest on the salary totem 
pole, paying an average of 59,700 a year. 

If there is a question in anyone's mind about the quality of 
education they're receiving from UCSD, take note: 97 percent of 
those polled believe they received a very good University 
education, which enabled them to have the edge over others in 
search of jobs. This was apparent in areas such as problem-solving 
ability, coping with pressure, quantitative skills, and other various 
areas of preparation. 

UCSD graduates were 14-19 percent below the national average 
for taking jobs unrelated to career goals. 

- Tina Karen Svigals 

.----c;n OrtE flmE--, 
SINGlE CONI; 

or 

SItlAU HOT 
fUDGt; SUNDAE 

when yoil buy one of tile .same 

AT: Spirits of Saint Germain 
3251 Holiday Court 

laJoOa,ca 
(in VUIa !'torte off Villa La Jolla Dr. 

beblncl Home rederal) 
455-1414 
with this coupon 

VlrtAfS 10-31 .. 



12 Monday, Slptember 23, 1985 
NEWS 

Taking the long way home 
San Diegans seek housing in a renter's market 

By SEAN WAGSTAFF 

C HANCELLOR RICHARD ATKINSON, last Tuesday, said housing is the 
number one problem at UCSD 

According to Gloria Spencer, 
assistant vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs, the off-
campus housing office will assist 
about a third of the 15,000 
UCSD students fi nd a place to 
live this year. They can expect to 
pay betWeen $200 and $400 a 
month .. depending on the 
accommodations, and they can 
expect to drive as much as 12 
miles or more to get to school. 

George Duff, a Third College 
sophomore, was planning to rent 
an apartment with his friend , but 
his friend's mother balked at the 
thought of the two of them living 
together, thinking Duff would be 
a bad influence on her son. 
Eventually plans fell through. 
With a week before classes stan, 
he's still looking for a place to 
live. "I'd take anything from 5300 
down ... I'd live in a scummy 
place, I'd share a room, just 
about anything." he said. 

Duff has found that people 
looking for a roommate show a 
disproportional preference for 
females and the listings in the 
housing office back up his claim. 
"I guess people think rrtales are a 
lot slopp ie~, or big partiers or 
something. 

People have been know to live 

Assistant via CMtnallnr 
housing problem is likely to get worse before it gets better. 
in vehicles and 6 at a time in 
dorm rooms to escape the San 
Diego housing scene, though 
both have their share of 
disadvantages. According to 
Spencer and campus police, 
however, the problem has yet to 
become accute. 

Still, Spencer says, the housing 
problem is likely to gel worse 
before it gets bener. The problem 
can be traced not only to the 
explosive growth of San Diego, 
which is expanding at a rate of 
40,000 new residents a year, but 
according to Atkinson. at least in 
part, to the opposition of student 
groups to new construction. Both 

Atkinson and vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs, joseph 
Watson, said they fought 
opposition from student groups . 
for months to get the 255 
Warren apartments approved. 
Students did not want to pay a 
2% to 3% increase in rent to 
finance constructio for future 
students, Atkinson said. 

Adding to the woes, the state 
has not paid for the construction 
of a single on-campus structure 
since 1977. Construction 
scheduled to begin on a 540 
million engineering building in 
January will mark the end of that 
trend, however, and Atkinson 

expects more constNction, 
including housing, to fonow. 
UCSD already has the highest 
ratio of on campus housing to 
students of any UC campus 
(33%), he said. 

Construction in the Golden 
Triangle development area will 
also poSitively affect the housing 
scene for students, as more of 
the professionals in the area 
move out of apartments and inlO 
the new condominiums, Spencer 

said. Cumndy, San Diefl 
reluctantly boasts a one to three 
percent vacancy rare. Anything 
less than 5% is considered 
critical in tenDS of availability of 
housing. 

The off-campus housing scene 
can be divided into several 
geographical areas with fairly 
distinct characteristics in tenns 
of price and attractiveness 10 
students. The beach areas within 

Pieue IIInl to' ... 21 

CONE TO TIE 
ILL- ClMPDS DIMING CONNONI 

SPECIaL PltOMOIION 
bStadeata . , 

~~~~a~a~~~~ ~~~I~~T 
T44~ Be.t.tW1 
T~~~ ~' r~ G-4.t.t..v..q SCir4-med7 

~ ~ t9r Ar4- 1(u {Al.s..t T..Lr4d t9i broq iJ.,ws7 ~ 

~ TA~E A B~EA~ ~: 
W9T4 "F(9~ SE~CES ! 

FE1'fIJRING: 
NESGmTE IlR·I·QUED IURGERS. BOT DDG8, 

lEG QUICHE. BUED IElNB. CORN III TBE COl, 
ICE CRElM I1R8 lND NUCII NOlIE I _ -'0& A~ C&rtlJ~ 1& r.t.(t~r "F~M ~ G-.e.t ~ 

& T.t.e- ~l;rJ.A;! "Fr l;da....t{, S.e..p.t.e,J,u Z 7.tt 
Dinner Will Be Served From 15'00 10 7'00 pm . Tickets Available From 
ANY Cafeteria After 3130 pm the Day of the Event . ( Free with your 
M .... l Card, 54.00 for S tudents or Staff without MeAl Carda) 

o NOTE: lLL ClFETERllB WILL IE CLOSED 
(The Del! .. Rathskeller Will Be ap.nl r/!J sPQlUIOred b y 
~ UCSv TOOV

aMi 
S~ES 

Reg. PrIce 15.95 Student PrIce 7.80 
COURSE BOOJ( 

DEPI'. 

452-4291 
UIII"ERSIIY BaaliSIDRE 

( 

Atkinson ... 
Continued from .,. l 
scared to death about the 
situation. 

I feel vel)' strongly that I do . 
not want an the nuclear weapons 
research done by the Defense 
Department in the confines of 
defense-related laboratories. I 
think this country, in peace and 
war, has been served greatly by 
having a group other than the 
milirary establishment involved 
in the research on nuclear 
weapons. I think the world and 
human-kind has been served 
well by the University of 
California having management 
responsibilities for those 
laboratories .. . there's an 
openness about the Los Alamos 
and lawrence lJlboralOries that I 
think is very much in the best 
interest of mankind. 

"I don't like, in many respects, 
having the University managing 
these facilities, but I think it's a 
sacrifice we have to take on to 
help protect the welfare of 
mankind. Whatever the Regents 
decide, I'm prepared (0 live with . 
But that's my personal 0finion. 

"There's a full range 0 opinion 
represe'nted in the faculty. If a 
faculty vote occured on this 
matter, rm not even sure how 
the vote would fl . This is a 
complicated issue. People I have 
great respeCt for fall on the other 
side of the matter." 

-Is c/assilltd ~search btl", 
dont at the labs hostile to an 
environment devoted to.free Inquiry 
and dissemination of Itnowledgt? 

"I'm generaUy opposed to any 

) 

type of classified research, and 
we have no classified research 
on this campus, but clearly one 
can't run a weapons lab like that 
without (it). That's one of the 
restrictions that's just inevirable . 1 
would not want the universities 
in general to be involved in . 
classified research, but this is 
one incidence where I'm willing 
to accept that kind of (thing) 
because I think it's necessary." 
Super compuler to remain 'flu' 

A draft proposal was recently 
issued by the Department oC 
Defense, that would require 
exclusion of Soviet bloc scientists 
from using government owned 
super computers, the rationale 
being 10 prevent soviet spies 
from stealing super computer 

Welcome to u.C.S.D, and join us in University 
CtTlstian \NOrship, on September 29th, at 7-8 pm, 
and every Sunday evening. 
Sponsoring . groups: Lutheran Campus Ministry, 
United Campus Ministry, Sojourners Christian 

~Iowship. 
lDcated at the University Lutheran Church, 9595 
La Jolla Shores ~rive, across from R~lIe. 

technology or using the 
machines for coven purposes. 
The proposa~ is currently being 
modified by a committee which 
will pass it on to the Natinal 
Security Council for approval. 
EventuaUy it would be issued by 
President Reagan as a national 
security directive. 

General Atomic Technologies, 
the managing company for the 
UCSD super computer center, 
one of four established by the 
National Science foundation last 
year, already signed the 
agreement, with the 
understanding that esrablishment 
of a uniform government policy 
for an four centers would negate 
the contract. 

~i . It 
~~ NAUTILUS of Solana Beach 

There II lite after summer ... only $29.50 to join and $15 
a month gets Nautilus at Its bat and Body 

Conditioning classes like nowhere else. Student 10 
required. 

481-5515 130 N. Acacia, Solana Beach 

-What do you plan to do about 
tht proposed ~strictions on 
supcrc;omputer use by Eastern Bloc 
SCttn ttsts? 

"There won't be any 
restrictions. First of an, an four 
laboralOries will have the same 
contract. My judgement is that 
there will be no constraints on 
the access 10 those facilities, but 
that's a rrtatter still under 
negotiation. That does not mean 
that the United States 
government may not impose on 
the visas of entering foreign 
nationals, certain restrictions as 
to what they can do. But as far 
as the University putting those 
constraints on, I do not think _ 
that national policy will require ... 
that will just not be an issue. 

"You can speculate about it, 
but the four universities involved 
are very clear on it and 1 think 
the government is fairly clear on 
it. 

"These are the kinds of issues 
that when anything new 
happens, the extremes of the 
political right and left activate (0 
get some anention .. . reason will 
prevail, 1 think. 

"To the eXtent possible, the 
University of California will keep 
its research activities in the 
public domain, and I cite the 
special example of Los Alamos 
and Uvermore as off-campus 
activities which are somewhat 
special and clearly recognized as 

special. ~ 
IIouIbIi bipat priority 

Housing in UCSD is critical. 
The vacancy rate in the optional 
10-12 mile range for housing is 
between 1 and 3 percent 
According 10 Gloria Spencer at 
the off-campus housing office, 
the situation is worsening and 

h onday, Slpumbtr 23, 1985 13 
NEWS 

students can eventually expect 10 
start searching beyond the 
cumru 12 mile range. Campus 
hOUSing only accomodates a 
third of UCSD students. 

-Does tht Uniwrsity haw any 
pla . ~ to alleviate the housing 
pro ,ftm? 

"Student housing is one of the 
highest priorities, as joe 
(WatsOn, vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs) and I 
fought very hard 10 move the 
schedule along on the building 
of the Warren apartments. We're 
pushing very hard (0 get 
additional student housing. 
There are a number of faclOrs to 
consider, one is, we have the 
highest percentage of students 
living on campus of any UC 
campus. It's not as though we 
have not pushed very hard (0 
expand our on-campus housing. 
but there are a number of 
obstacles. 

"Very bluntly PUt, there was 
tremendous opposition from the 
student groups last time we built 
the 255 (Warnen) Apartments. 
We were ~ down for fo~r 
or five montlls in opposition 
from student groups. Because, by 
building new units, we have to 
increase the cost of housing 
throughout the system. 

"UCL\ traditionally has very 
little housing for students, but it 
is quite cheap.. . The reason that 
it's cheap is that it was built 
rrtany years ago at very low . 
interest rates and their loans 
have been virtually paid 011. The~ 
have not been able 10 build new 
hOUSing because they have not 
had the space. 

Every time we build ... we 
have to fl out and renegotiate an 

PIeue tum 10 .. 1 .. 

140 SOUTH SIERRA AVE. • SOLANA BEACH 

755-6733 

THURSDAY, SEPT. 26 

THE ORIGINAL 
25¢ BEER 

IS BACK! 
EVERY THURSDAY 7-9 PM 

FREE FOOD- 25¢ BEER- SURF FILMS 
LIVE MUSIC STARTING AT 9 PM BY 

••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
:REFLECTORS: 
••••••••••••••••• 

EVERY FRIDAY 
IS 

LADIES' NIGHT 
ALL LADIES ADMITTED FREE 



1 ~ Monday, Stp/""bu 23, 1985 
NEWS 

Atkinson ... 
Continued from page 13 
of our loans that support the 
housing program. It does tend to 
cause an increase in the average 
rents. 

"I personally think students 
would rather have some slight 
increase in rents and have 
housing available, than to have 
no increase In rents. 

"But evety time .. the hiStory 
has been that there's been 
tremendous opposition by 
student groups .. . if you're living 
in housing right now, the last 
thing you want to do IS increase 
your rates by 2 or 3 percent in 
order to create new housing to 
accomodate future students. 

"At. any rate , I'm nOt pleased 
with the situation we have , but 
it's our highest priority. Among 
all the UC campuses, 1 think -
we've been the most aggressive 

WE KNOW 
COPYING 

FRONTWARDS 

in trying to build on campus 
housing," 

Pacific Basin graduate school 
an Diego IS de tined to 

become a leading center of trade 
for the entire pacific basm. In 
addmon, UCSD has several 
regIOnal-stud ies programs. inclu-
ding one in Chinese, which makes 
UCSD an Ideal location for the 
proposed graduate school of 
Pacific Studies and International 
Relations. UCSD has been 
pushing to establish a graduate 
school of its own, most recently 
being turned down on a 
proposal for a new law school. 
But UCSD would have to 
undergo tremendous expansion 
in its faculty and programs to 
accommodate the school. 

-Will UCSD bt home to tht 
Pacific Basin graduak school? 

"The school is very imponant 
for the State of California for 
bridging into the Pad fie Basin 
and urin America. And the 

AND 
BACK. 

• Flyers. Resumes • 
• Binding • Folding. Cutting • 
• Drilling • Passport Photos • 

MlWHOUIS 
M-Th 7:30 om · 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 om · 6:00 pm Su 10:00 11m . 6:00 pm 

~ Jolla Village Cornenience Center 

~--------------------------, 
BACK TO KINKO'S 
Free highllghter pen 
with this coupon 
and purchase 

ExpIres: 10/31/85 

kinko·s· 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, (nearRalphs/Sav-Qn) L __________________________ ~ 

school would be an important 
part of the state'S effort and 
important part of the nation's 
effort to develop young people 
with expe rtise in language , 
international relations, business 
procedures. government 
procedures - as they relate to 
latin America and the PaCific 
Basin, so it's a big venture for us 
and we think a very important 
one. There's been tremendous 
faculty involvement, tremendous 
faculty leadership in shaping 
plans for this school and an 
awful lot of support from the 
(outside). 

"Obviously, there's a certain 
amount of competition among 
the other campuses as to wnere 
the school is located. But I think 
our chances are extremely good 
here at UCSD ... we're dearly oui 
from in that race." 

~esofEducabon 
-How do you weigh the 

impol'Ulnce oj the gradutt program 
vs the u"dcrgraduak program? 

"It would be too easy for me to 
say simply that the 
undergraduate program is the 
most important thing in the 
university'S activities. The fact is, 
that a university like UCSD, a 
truly great university , and it truly 
is a great university; involves a 
mix of three activities: excellence 
in undergraduate teaching and 
instruction, excellence in 
graduate education and 
excellence in research. And all 
three of those are mixed into a 
soup that generates an 
environment that is a great 

r university. That characterizes 
~ Harvard or Stanford or UC 
;;: Berkeley, and it characterizes 
§ this place. 
-f "It's very easy when an 

undergraduate srudem gets into a 
classroom, and feels they're nO[ 
getting quite the attention that 
they should get, that somehow if 
the faculty members were nor 
involved in research or somehow 
were nor involved in graduate 
leaching, but focused entirely on 
their concerns, that the qualiry-of 
reaching would be better. 1 ~ 
understand that kind of first 
response, but this is a special 
institution. 

"The state university and 
college system is targeted toward I 
an undergraduate education. The 
University of talifornia has this 
jOint role of research, graduate 
education and undergraduate 
education. And frankly, 1 believe 
that the quality of education that 
an undergraduate has here is 
very good. in part because the 
faculty are nor just focused on 
undergraduate teachmg, but are 
also focused on graduate 
teaching and also on their own 
research activities. I think that's 

8 things a maD does 
'on a first dde 

that make 
me want a second. 

1. He lQses arguments gracefully. 
I. He opens doors for me and follows 

other rules of ohivalry without flinching. 
I. He can handle hts liquor. 
4. He doesn't care if all I want ts 

a salad and a white w1ne spritzer. 
8. He shaves. 
8. He discusses anything but po1nt 

spreads over dinner. 
7. He has enough confidence to 

oompl1ment me, and doesn't expect me to 
immediately return the favor. 

8. When he asks me up for an after-
dinner drInk, he serves up cafe Irtsh Creme. 

Celebrate the moments of your life 
with General Food8& Intsrnational Coffees. 

what adds alot of excitement to a 
place like this. 

"On the other hand, 1 do 
understand that when an 
undergraduate gets a TA who 
really is not very sophisticated at 
teaching a topiC - the 
frustration of that. And 1 think 
we work very hard to avoid that. 
In fact, 1 think this campus 
among all the UC Campuses, 
probably does as good a job as 
can be done in trying to ruDy 
emphaSize the quality of 
undergraduate education. 

"1 think we teach al a preny 
high level. We're preny tough. 
Even within the uCi1m, ' 
think we're reaDy to in tenns 
of expectations that e faculty 
have. I think it's preny clear that 
in lots of respects, that UC 
Berkeley and UCSD are probably 
the two places in the system that 
have the tougher anirudes about 
the quality of education. 

"I do believe our faculty are 
Pieae rum to p-. U 

Writer's 
Block 
Cured 

Send S2 tor catalog of 
Oller 16,000 topics, to 
assist your writing 
efforts and help you 
beat Writers' Block. For 
into., call TOll-FREE 1-
800-621-5745. (In 
Illinois, call 312-922-
0300.) Authors' Re-
search, Rm, 600-N. 407 
S. Dearbom, Chicago IL_ 
60605 . 

Student 
Special 

3~C percopy 
No Minimum/No Waiting 

With Volld S1udent 10 
81h x 11 20 Ib, white 

machine ted 
MIllion Valley 

Downtown 
Golden Triangle 

QOlDEN llIIANGU 
(In the (X)fTl)Ut8lland 

building ocrO$$ 
hom ute) 

4320 Ie joIlo v~1ag9 ct. 
suite 265 

458-1909 

( 

Atkinson ... 
Continued from paac 14 
vtry conscientious in terms of 
their undergradute 
responsibilities. Of course, you've 
got to remember that there are 
some 900 faculty and in that 
number you are always going to 
have some who are not very 
good and some who, for various 
reasons, at that point in their 
career, are nor doing too good a 
job. But by and large, at leaS( 
from my experience, and 1 spent 
25 years at Slanford, I spent 
some time at UeL\, some time 
at Michigan - I've son of been 
immersed in the world of 
undergraduate teaching for most 
of my life - and 1 find this 
place to be really vety excellent 
in tenns of the quality of the 
undergraduate instruction," 

EmphUI on qualky 
UCSD has earned a reputation 

as an insdnaion bf vigorous and 
thorough instruction of its 

und~dua~,butthe 
academic requirements and other 
factors have historically taken 
their toO. Approximately 50% of 
incoming freshmen never 
gradUite. Slatistics, however, 
show that things in that respect 
are improving. 

Many students lay the blame 
for the troubles on the lack of 
cohesive community that the 
campus affords, citing the 
perimeter of the campus, which 
is comprised of litde more than 
research laboratories, shopping 
malls and million dollar homes. 
The beach is the only popular 
. social center, and that's 
missing an intellectual coUegt! 
atmosphere. 

-UCSD was ranlltd tendl 
highest in the nation Jar prodUCing 
graduakS who ~ on to earn l'fIDs, 
we also haw a 50 percent attrition 
rak. How do these statistics relate? 

"Across the board, our 
students do remarkably well after 
graduation; if you look at job 
opportunities, if you look at 
entry into medical school Of all 
the UC campuses, our premeds 
have the highcst probability of 
getting into a medical school. 

"The percentage of students 
that go on to get PhDs, 1 think is 
just anorher measure of the 
quality of the academic program 
at UCSD. It is true that five to 
seven years ago, we had a very 
high attrition rate, students 
would come here and depan 
after a year or so. That is no 
longer the case. We're either 
third or founh in the system, 
depending on which year you 
look at, in tenns of students 
staying on. We've moved from 
the bottom of the eiailt campuses 
to position three or lour. So the 
whole srudents staying on here 
at UCSD has really turned 
around in the last five or six 
years. There are a lot of reasons 
for that." 

-Can you nalllt them? 
"Six or seven years ago, we 

had a much more limited set of 
undergraduate offerings than we 
have today. Now, about anything 
a 5tUdent would want to pursue, 
an undergraduate can find here; 
which was nor the case (then). 

"The quality of life was a lot 
more restricted than it is here 
today, If you wanted to go to a 
movie, the only movie was a 
small theater down in lJa Jolla-
the Cave. Now we've got a group 
of theaters in la]olla Village and 
a group of theaters in University 
Towne Centre. There are grocery 
stores, there are shopping areas. 
The qualiry of life is just an awful 
lor better. 

"I think there's a return of 
emphasis among students on 

quality education. And this place 
has always been know for its 
emphasis on the quality of its 
undergraduate education." 

TM Humanities md Science 
Th~ foundations of UCSD lie in 

the hundred-year-old laboratories 
of Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. The general 
campus is celebrating its 25th 
annivtrsary this year. OrigInally, 
it was little more than a facility 
to train oceanographers in 
physics and chemistry. The 
scienccs are still spectacularly 
visible here, with new struCtures 
devoted to microbiology, 
magnetic recording, eanhquake 
testing, magnetic resonance 
imaging and engineering, all 
going up this year. 

-How would you rale the 
importance oj science on this 
campus, as compared to 
humanities? 

"There's the historical origins 

of the campus; such that the 
early recruitments and the first 
expansion of the campus were 
focused around science, but that 
has modified over time. Clearly, 
science is really important to this 
campus. 

"If you look at the distribution 
of our students in the fields of 
science. the second category 
engineering, the third category 
social science, the fourth 
category the humanities, and you 
look at the percentage of our 
undergraduates in those 
categories, we're within a 
percentage point or so, of a 
university like Stanford. We're 
not pushed heavily in the 
direction of the sciences. 

"It is true that alO! of students 
that come to UCSD have a 
strong interest in science and 
engineering, but I don't see us as 
being just a sciene and 
engineering campus. We have 
real breadth in the social 

The brQthers of Delta Sigma Phi invite 
you to Investigate the benefits which 
Greek life and our fraternity have to offer 
you. 

Starting Thursday we'll be In Revelle 
Plaza, and we hope you'll stop by to meet 
some of our members and learn more 
about our fraternity. We're sure YOu'll be 
pleased with what you find, 

ffiTA SGMA PHI 

sciences and the humanities. 
They were developed somewhat 
late and I think 5 years or 10 
years ago, that charge might have 
been a lilde easier to make. 

"We're a broad based campus, 
where, if anything. alO[ of special 
attention is given to the 
humanities and social sciences, 
because they did Start their 
development later than the 
sciences." 

Campus consuuction 
In the laS( several years, UCSD 

has seen the construction of a 
number of buildings on campus, 
vinually all of them devoted to 
research and paid ror by private 
sources rather than the State of 
California, which traditionally 
has had a role of financing 
campus facilities. 
- Why are we concentrating on 
building research jiuUitits such as the 
microbiology building and the center 
Jor magntdc recomingresearch, when 
tlwr is a tksperak need Jor classroom 

Monday, Squmbtr 23, 1985 15 
NEWS 

space? 
"The classrooms or what's 

caDed instructional space, are 
built with state funds. We now, 
for the first time since 1977, 
have money in the budget for 
construction and we will begin 
construction on a 540 million 
project in January of this year. 
which will begin gready to relieve 
our space problems. The 
construction of Peterson Hall was 
done with private money-an 
example of where the state 
should have been funding 
instructional space. It's simply 
the case that the state of 
California has not been 

• providing funds. We have not 
built a single building with state 
monies on .this campus since 
1977, and yet we've probably 
come close to doubling our 
enrollment. The next five years 
wilt see quite an expansion of 
research and instructional space 
on this campus." &:I 

SUPPORT • INFORMATION • SERVICES 

Birth Control I 
Abortion . . - r) WOMAN cARE 
Donor Insemination - ...... - ClIf'l.IC 
General OB-GYN --..r-=-:-~::":':"':":":::"""----
CerVic a l Caps Ava ilable - SE HABlA ESPANOl 

Ihrough FDA sludy 

2850 Sixth Ave. Suite 311, Son Diego, CA 92103 
(619) 298-9352 Open Six Days A Week 

Soft Contact Len.e. 
Bausch & Lomb . AIrIericM Hydron 04 . Ciba . r.fVliV>rlM< 

Shopper ~Dlec-lla'ls-! -
INCLUDES EXAM & LENS $ 9 995 DETERMINATION CHEM CARE KIT INSTRUCTIONS & FOLLOW UP VISIT AND 

WITH PURCHASE Of CONTACT LENS 
AGREEMENT RECEIVE A THERMAL HEAT complete 

KIT 52995 VALUE I'R •• 
30 DAY 

SLEEP ·IN LENSES 
BAUSCH & LOMB 

PEAMAFLEX. SOFTMATE 

S 19 5 ~gMPlETE 

In selected I-I lenses 

elBA SOFT COLOR 
TINTED LENSES 

S 14 9~:MPlETE 
Buy on. Pllr Ind I contlct Buy one plir and a contact 
11M IgrMmlftt Ind recti,. lens agreement and rlCti,. 

Ont FREE sper, Plif. on. FREE clear spare pair. 
SAME DA Y SERVICE MOST PRESCRIPTIONS 
EYEGLASSES Single Vision 1 39.' 

Bifocal 149.' 
Your Prescription In clear glass or plastiC in 

frames from our suburban selection (D-25 . K) 

Dr. Michael D. Elizondo 
619-452·0334 
619-153-2060 

X266 

optometrist 
The Broadway - La Jolla 
4333 La Jolla Village Dr. 

s..o Diego, CA 92 122 



16 Monday. Scptem&tr 23, 1985 
NEWS 

Career Center ... 
Continued &om P9 11 
operation early on so they have 
skills to rail back on," Other 
beneficial skills to have in a 
resume are statistics compilation. 
accounting, and at leaSl one 
independent study project in the 
major area. 

The prestigious Bank of Credit 
and Commerce International of 
London with subsidiaries in the 
Middle East and elsewhere, has 
come to UCSD twice and may 
do so in the future to look for 
students majoring in non-science 

areas with .. the abtliry to lead ," 
according to Maxine Bailey. 
associate director of the Center 
and director of career advising. 

Leadership, public speaking, 
confidence, knowledge of the job 
and technical skills are what 
freshmen should concem 
themselves with , "bur you can't 
underestimate a person's ability 
to educate himself," Bailey said. 
Public speaking, for instance, 
isn't emphasized at UCSD. There 
are only two classes under 
Literature/ Writing in the General 

Catalog of Courses, but the 
Center seeks to bridge the gap 
by offering a video workshop 
where students can analyze thcir 
telegenic abilitics. 

At the Center laSl year, 175 
companies interviewed 2,694 
UCSD students for jobs. 

According to a Carecr Center 
repon, positions expected to 
have the largest projectcd growth 
by 1990 aren't those within 
corporations; they are for 
elcmentary school teachers 
(anticipated demand: 251,000 
positions in the U.S.). College 
teachers can expect a 10% 
decrease in demand by 1990. 

The Career Services Center is 
open for students from 8 a.m. to 
4:30 p.m., Monday through 
Friday. fi:I 

Fraud ... 
Concinued from .,.. 3 

Whcn asked whether the 
pressure to publish in pursuit of 
promotion could lead to fraud, 
he said it ·contributes, but I 
wouldn't say it's responsible for 
that kind of behavior." 

Slutsky's research was too 
distandy related to patient care 
to adversely affect it . The 
university rlans to repon any 
findings 0 fraud to NIH and to 
Slutsky's other grant sources. 
Friedman said hc has already 
drafted a retraction of the three 
allegedly invalid repons and that 
the committee will soon issue a 

new version, but hopes Slutsky 
will contact the journals himself. 
"I'm thinking maybe 
idealisticaUy," that Slutsky would 
be better off were he to "take 
responsibility and acknowledge 
what. in our opinion, happeried '" 

According to New York State 
officials, Slutsky was granted a 
license to practice medicine in 
the Slate on July 1. His Cabfomia 
license remains valid. A contract 
at the New York State Division of 
Professional Licensing said that a 
license generally would only be 
revoked after a physician had 
lost licensing in another state, 
committed a crime, or had been 
the subject of complaints about 
patient treatmcnt. Publication of 
fiction is not a crime unlcss it 

PIeuE IIIlIl 10 .,. 11 

-INTOXICA'tING 
EXPERIENCES 

Registered Students and Post Doc's 
"Cover your Dod" with 

- , / Sickness· and 
Accident Insurance 

Student Premium - 553.00 
Spouse - 566.25 
o.lldren - 566.25 

Tuesday, September 24th 
Gym Steps 

2:00 pm - 3:00 pm 
A presentation by Dr, Marc Shuckit on 

current trends in drinking and 
alcoholism. Stop by for non-alcoholic 

refreshers, Become aware! 

~ , . . 

VERY_CIALGUm SAN GUMA 
and UCSDs own ... LIMBO SLAM 

SEPTEMBER 29 7:30 P.M. 
U.C.S.D. GYM 

TlCt(EU SU.n - A L-.nD _R Of .,. TlClllTa ARE 
AVAlI.A8U TO U.C.a.O • • ~ TteilEn _ ..... AT 
~D .. MeOCIATIOtI WITM 
U.C.S.D. POP EVENTS COMMtrrEE 

~~~. 
Al MA' COIIPM' 11M Mel, PlAlA 
lIij$llt ~ MIl FlU' (lCMAfiIG( 
IICIlT MASlE. tftAftU 161tt m ... 

Ale) I_~~ ..., FOR MORE INFO: .a3..uJ1 
.. __________ 1 ""It:T:ll.o: :n ....... _________ .... 

L..-_____ perquarter 

ENROLLING NOW--
___________________ u~10d0bH18 

Intorrnorton and oppIlCOfIons are QYOllobIe at 
Student Health Center • Q.009 • 452-3300 

I TOYOTA '. 'crVOIJ(S ~~~ 
....... T .... Up~ 

,.... or ,.. (r~ 160.00) 
Brake .job indudIIs. 
1 Install speoaI _ pads or 

Instill rw brake shoes 
2 Oraln old brake Iluid 
3 Inspect complete hychuIic system 
4. Ae4i11 hYlhufic lluid 
5 Bleed entire brake system 
6. ~t front (~ drwns) and ,.. shoes 
7. fIepIace lront rotor sells 

(with rotor !lin) 
8. RoId test 
Hote: Hychulic ~s in nat included 

(rwout.ty 1325.00) 
Honda. Toyota. OatSlll (oot Z modefs) 
and Volks type 1. 2 & 3 
we f1IIIace 
1 T~on mpul shalt -' (eKcept Hondas) 
2. Piessu'e plIte 
3. Clutch lise 
4 Tl¥ow out '-lIlQ 
5 PiIoI '-'"GS 
6 New \iansmissIen Oil 
7 RoId tl5t 
NOle. H~ P"S Me not covered 

...... -..... Ask 1IIoIIt.., .p ... ..-

.................. 

Spacial $35 ('*iI. 160.00) 
1M Mt-up includes I lot men than ottas 
II indudIIs' 
t. Spn plugs 
2. Distnbutor points 
3. CondnIrs 
4. Adjust timing 
5. ~USI dwell angle 
6. ChecII , rtpIInish all 

fluid & oil I8wIs 
7. ChecII .... 

011' major ~ indudIIs 
I . Colljiiiliiiool .... 
2 Vilve a4uItment 
..... : 

3. Vilve __ QISke1. 
4. Spn pfugs, 
5. Otstributor points. 

. 6 CondnIrs. . 
7. Air lifter. 
8 Oil I~ter. 
9. Gas lilter and 

10. Engont oil 
11 . A4Ust timing 
12. Adfust dwell qfe 
13. ~ CIIbinIor 
14. ~ Iir , full 

ratio mixtlR 

8 ChecII dUlch 
9 ChecllligIlls 

10 Ched(lJlder-
c.nagetor damIges 

11 ChecII cooling 
system&r-

12 RoId test 

15. ChecII &.1 
~beIts 

16 La IIIInt and 
1 7 ChecII & nipIInisII all 

fluid & oif IMIs 
18. Check brakes 
19. ChecII ciltch 
ZOo ChecII f91ts 
21 Check II1dercamage 

lor dImages 
22. Check , ret:twve 

balllIYit~ 
23 ChecII tilt pr.an 
24 l* door IIIIgI5 
25 Check coohng sysllm 

&'-
26 IIoId test 

Holt: 1. ler 6-cytinder (3'S and Rabblls. OilSllllS. 
Scirocco5. & Fqjs. add $20. Toyotl SUpras add S30 
o.tul 200S)( with • ~ plugs add S35 2 ...... 
t __ ups for VW (EJapt vans & ~ '* tIw1 
lin,. ....... 1172 and flier SIO and priallO 'n 
570. 3. for VW Tlings and f<IIIgjn Ghias-Glily SID . 

u 

Mondtly. &ptembtr 23. 198.5 17 

K8tM 
Ringbinders 

Large 
Assortment 

of 
Colors 

Papenuate 

10-pack 
5-pack 
3-pack 

Erasennate 

Blc 
10-pack 
Value pack 

2 medium pens 
. wtth Eraser pen 

Suggested 
Retail 

3.50 
1.75 
2.67 

3.50 
1.49 

We.tem CoDe,. 

Special 
PrIce 

1.99 
1.49 
1.98 

1.98 
.98 

REGUlAR PRICE 4.19 
OUR PRICE 2.19 

Bookstore Aaocladoll 
FIBer Paper 200 ct. 

CoJlege Ruled 
$1.45 

Wirebound Notebooks 

ERSITY BDD STDRE 
452-3844 



18 Monday, StpLember 23, 1985 

The MACINTOSH 
"Back-To-School" Bundle 

The Macintosh™ 512K is Apple's most popular 
computer (No. 1 Seller on college campuses). 

Apple has made the radically easy-to-use Macintosh four times 
more powerful , providing it with enough memory for virtually 
any task. The Macintosh 512K can run hundreds of the leading 

software programs. And for even more storage capacity, 
we are offering an external disk drive. Completing the system 
is the versatile ImageWriterTM printer, which is able to produce 

both text and graphics in virtually unlimited styles and sizes. 
And, to give you Macintosh flexibility on campus or 

at home, the Mac Carrying Case completes the bundle. 

Start this session out right! 

--- --

Each Macintosh Bundle includes: 
Macintosh SI2K 
ImageWriter 
External Disk Drive 
Mac Carrying Case 

The Bundle is now available 
through U.C.s.D. Bookstore -

Computer Department 

TOTAL VALUE 

Silence, Speed, Affordability ... 

Have It All 
... not to mention Reliability. Ex-
ceptional print quality. Easy to use. 
Advanced ink-jet technology. Re-
placeable cartridge with no mess. 
And Hewlett-Packard engineering. 
Thin k/et. The personal computer 
printer. Come in and 
see it today. There's no ~l~ 
reason to settle for less . ~ 

rli~ HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

BUY I_ 
GET 2 

ThinkJet 
The Personal Printer 

from Hewlett-Packard 

Epson OX-16: 
3 computers in I. 

1. A Valdocs - computer. Complete, easy-to-
use Valdocs 2 integrated software system 
valued at $495. Includes word processing, 
spreadsheet, mini-database , business graph-
ics, telecommunications and more. 

2. An MS-DOS. computer. Runs most pop-
ular programs written for the IBM-PC. , 
includmg Lorus 1-2-3. , ?uper-Calc 3- and 
WordStare. 

3 . A CP/ M. computer. One of the most 
extensive libraries of busmess and personal 
software available. 

3 computers: I easy choict EPSON Su the ntW Epson QX· 16 today! 

at 37% off Suggested Retail Price: 
CALL FOR OUR PRICE 

$3,984 

--- --- -------------------------------------. --- --
- - ----
- -
- ~ ---
- - - ---
- ---- _.-

~ 
--- -
----
- ----
---
- - ---
- - ----
----- 0 _-....._.-

0 

L.. .... 
"'" ~ I r 1\1111111111111 

/ § . .,/.~,..,~!?X--,.... ...... ?().? .... "' . .., ~ 
• .,~ (;\. '"\., "'''',.., ..... 1'\ P ~ 
""'3 · '''''' ~ ..... ,.,., ;::t, ., 

,., ..., ,-, r " 
I 

AVAIlABLE 
Friendly roommate. 
Quiet - and smart. 
Able to son through 
complicated issues. 
Will share workload. 
Problem solving is my 
specialty. Supportive 
and dependable. 
flexible. Clever. Fun. 
Good looking . 

Studellts: GO KAYPROI 
CDmp/Itf MtnI 
Protming 
SyJRms FffJItI 
KIfPfO 
Wr4e Mlythlng, from a book 
rtpOlttoa mast~sthty~ with a 
~erfromK.Jypro· s Imeor 
qualny compulers 
K.Jypro·s complete line of 
computtl ~sreml srart allow 
as 5995.,o\\k for a 
demonsrratlOn today. 

K4YP-llDe 
C O'~O''''1 ON 

InnoViJ(1Xl 01 £1«rtonK ProrJIJ(fS for Ollfr 31 YfJIS 

0111 ERSIIY BUa SlaRE 
~ - --- -----
=-=---====-== =~=-=-= ~ ~= =======.==. =-= =--.:: = -=-=-- .=-= = = ====:= = == = = =- =-..:::' 
- - ---- -- - ... --
- - ---- - - - .. --
- - ---- - - - - - --
- -- ---- - - - - - --~~=== = ~ = ==== == 
- - --- - - - ---

~ - -- - - - ~ 
- --- ---
- -- ---
- --- ---

= -= === = = = = 
---- - ---
---------------~ 

452-4291 

( 

Monday, September 23, 1985 19 

IT TAKES A BETI'ER GRADE CALCULATOR 
TO GET A BE1-1'ER GRADE rhO- HEwLErTl .:~ PACKARD 
I 
HP-15C 
Matrix operations 
Complex lunctions 
Solve a nd integrate 
448 program lines 
Insert/ dele te editing 
RPN logic. Contmuous 
Memory and liquid-
cl)"Slal display 
I 
HP-IIC 
Slimline Scientific Programmable 
10000gil LCD 
203 program lines 
21 storage registers/ 
Continuous Memory 
A broad range of 
sclenWic a nd 
statistical functions 
makes the HP-l IC a n 
immediate proble m -
soMng lab mstru-
ment or e ngineering 
1001 
Editing leatures and the convenient user mode saves 

and keystrokes at the touch 0 1 a key 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 

Scientific C .. allator with rrograllUlling 
Suggesttd Retail '''5'''' 
now -36.71 

and Statistics 
TI-55-11 

• 112 Powerful built' in functions for math. 
science. and engineering. 

• Simple programmability gives you added 
versatility. speed. 

into program memory. 
• Use up to 8 memories or 56 program 

steps. 

HP-16C IC :-, ) ~ 
Binary. octal. decimaL 
hexadecimal conversions 
Boolean AND. OR. NOT. XOR 
203 progam lInes or 101 
16-blt data regIsters 
Sets word size. I 's & 2's 
complement. unsigned modes 
Floohng-pomt decImal mode 
RPN logIC. Continuous Memory 
& llqUld crystal dISplay 

I 

I 

HP-12C 
Slimline Financial Programmable 
to-digit LCD 
99 prog ram hnes 
20 storage reglsters/ 
Conhnuous Memory 
Solves your tough 
busmess calculations 
Wlth an e xtensive set 
01 Imancial and 
statistical tunchons 
Bond AnalYSIs , 
Depreciation -
Investment ComparISons at the touch 01 a key 

. --

~._U't · 

[U516?1 1~1 
- e CJ CJCJ mCJ 

CJ CJCJCJO! 
CJ Cll CJUlO ' 
(3 CJ c CJ CJCJ 8.··" ••• a. 
.a.II" 
••••• 

FREE. FREE. FREE. 
Get UP's new $~9· software modul,el 

when you buy an HP~l. 
A deal that has no equal, for a 
calculalOr that has no equal 
The HP-41 Advantage holds the 
most popular engineering. math and 
financial programs ever written for 
the HP-41. Plus: 

• 12K bytes of ROM 
• user-accessible subroutines 
• it's menu driven 

Just what it takes to help make the 
grade in everything from Unear 
Algebra to Physics to Electrical 
Engineering Fund ame ntals to 
Statics and Dynamics. 

Get the calculator engineers prefer. 
And ge t the HP-41 Advantage at the 
price you prefer. Fr«. 
Offer ends 11-15-85 . 
• s.ws<.d u.s It .. pnc. 

CALCULATORS 
MODEL EL-512 
"THIN MAN" WALLET SIZE WITH 
121 PRC)G;IAM STEPS 

I~ 1C1eI.1IIc calculator wtth 
MultI Formula al.l .... and decimal/ 
hexadecimal aystern 

$32.95 
Advanc.d. IClenflftc calculator 

with decimal/hexadecimal .,...Im 
corwerIIon gy 

$20.95 
u I ERSIIY BaDIiSTORE 

~ -I.7:#:. ==:. = = ====~ -~ ----------.:III _______ _ 
- - - - -- - -- - ---= = - ==='= = = ===== - - ~ I~- ___ - - - - __ _ 

- -- --'I~- ~ - - - - --
-- --- - - ---
--- --- ------
- - -- - --- - -- -

~ ------
---------------~ 
- -- -- - - --
- - -- - - --
- --- ---
- -- ---
- --- ---
- - -- - - --
- -- -- - - --
---- - ---
--------
- -- - - ---

452-4291 



20 Monday, Sqltcmbcr 23. 1985 

Now You Can Buy 
Some Of The Greatest 

Movies Ever Made 
For Just $19'5 

I 
SUNSHINE I 

STORE 
the Great AI. The Great Stan 

Choose your favorites ttom our 
wide selection on sale nowv at 
•••• laITY - •• STDRI 

The University Bookstore's 
Sunshine Store welcomes aU new and 

: returning students, 
The Sunshine Store oWers a great 

selection of soft drinks, snack foods, 
juices, sandwiches, imported candies, 
personal care products, vitamins, and 
newspapers. We also have the best 
popcorn in La Jolla. 

Stop by and visit our store. With the 
purchase of a soda from our Welcome 
Booth you will receive a free bag of 
popcorn. 
•• A Speclal Note to .AlI Mesa Housing 
Students and FamWes: Please stop and visit 
our Mesa Sunshine Store located at 9264 
Regents Rd. - adjacent to the mail boxes. 
We carry a good selection of groceries, dairy 
products, personal health care products 
and snacks. 

_ Extended Hours for Rush Weu_ 
Sept. 25 and 26--__________ Open 8 am to 8 pm 
Sept. 27 Open 8 am to 7 pm 
Sept. 28 - Saturday: Open 9 am to 4 pm 
Sept. 30 and Oct. 1 Open 8 am to 8 pm 
Oct. 2 and 3 Open 8 am to 6 pm 
Oct. 4 Open 8 am to 5 pm 

Monday-Friday ______________ 8 am to 4:45 pm 
Saturday lOam to 4 pm 
Oosed Sunday and Holidays 

------The University Bookstore extends a friendly welcome to the first-year UCSO------
students and to the upper classpersons. Shop early and save money with good 

condftion used books. - Paul Males, Bookstore Director 
-------Please be sure to enter the Tam Planner Suuap.take •. Enby forma. rules and _______ _ 

regulations may be found In the Bookstore'. UCSD Tam Planner. 

u ERSIIY Baa STORE 
.452-3844 

Long 
way 
home ... 
Continued &om pa&C 12 
what is known as the lO to 12 
mUe optional radius of campus, 
are by far the most popular, but 
also rate the highest prices. A 
student can expect to pay $200 
to 5300 to live in Mission Beach, 
Pacific Beach or Solana Beach, if 
he or she doesn't mind sharing a 
room in an apartment, or 5100 
more if one's own room is a 
must. 

Rents in the more popular and 
closer-by La Jolla and Del Mar 
are generally 5100 higher than in 
other areas, but one may save it 
back in the cOst of commuting. 
Either way, it's a long bike ride 
up the hill to campus. 

The inland areas such as Mira 
Mesa and Clairemont generally 
cost less, but don't offer San 
Dle",'s premier attraction, the 
beach. 

The off-carnpus housing office 
annuaDy puts out a guide to the 
housing marltet in San Die"" 
and it, like the rest of their 
services, is free to registered 
UCSD students. The manual liSts 
a variety of sources valuable in 
the search for housing. It listS 
different areas near campus and 
numerous sources that can help 
lead one to find a horne for th~ 

~r or longer. The guide's table 
of contents liSts: 

-general tips for apartment 
hunting. 
-legal tips to help avoid 
problems with landlords, and 
what to do if problems occur. 
-useful phone numbers. 
-sample apartment rental 
agreements and deposit 
checklists. 
-maps of San Diego and 
surrounding areas. 

Most significantly, the guide 
contains an apartment housing 
directory. which liSts aU of the 
major apartment complexes and 
rental agencies by area. 

According to the Guide, 
MRentai housing is a seller's 
market, which places you-the 
rental 'buyer' at a real 

Fraud ... 
Coatinu£d from page 16 
faUs under the heading of "false 
advetising" or "slander." 

Other UCSD departments are 
concerned jlbout the Slutsky 
issue. Dr. Jack Vanderlipp, chair 
of the Department of Animal 
Resources, was distressed at the 
idea of any disreputable practice 

being connected to experiments 
using animals. He confirmed that 
there was no record of Slutsky's 
obtaining dogs for the research 
in question, although the first 
investigative committee did not 
check this fact with Animal 
Resources. 

The department has begun to 
feel a need for tighter monitoring 
of animal requisitiOns and use. 
Since the beginning of Slutsky's 
investigation by the Medical 
School. control has been "closer 

Monday. ScpILmbtr 23. 1965 21 
NEWS 

than ever before," said 
Vanderlipp. Currently, ~ry 
study involving animal subjects 
requires submission of a decaiIed 
Animal Use Request form. which 
must be approved by the 
seventeen-member Animal 
Subjects Committee. The fonn 
demands justification of C\'ery 
action using a living subject. 
including an explanation of why 
the experiment absolutely cannot 
be carried OUt without living 
subjects. a 

WRITE FOR AN AUDIENCE OF OVER 100,000 
BECOME THE UNIVERSITY OF 

_ ....... -- ~ ._....- -

disadvantage." - - - - - - . CALIFORNIA'S Ivan Splichao, a graduate 
drama student with a heavy 
foreign accent, lives on his boat 
in San Diew:> Bay. for two' weeks, 
he and a friend have been 
looking for a place where they 
can step out to the back ~rd 
without w:>ing for a swim. 
Downtown San Diego is also too 
far from campus; the drive to 
school costs him about S 150 a 
month in gas. He thinks the 
University should build some 
medium cost campus housing as 
opposed to the traditional "low 
cost" housing. He feels the 
University could even make 
money at it. "They'd have people 
scratching at their doors to get 
in," he said. Disgusted with the 
local owners who Mkeep the rents 
200CI and high," Splichao says he 
knows of an old lady who rents 
several nice apartments in Paci6c 
Beach for S1~ a month, "just so 
she can sleep with a clear 
conscience. But," he adds sadly, 
"places like that are hard to 
find." i:J 

Sacramento Correspondent 

Applicants are now being considered for the position of the 
Sacramento Correspondent for University of Californja 
student newspapers. Anyone with daily journalism 
experience' and a knowledge of state government should 
apply. The ·position will begin December 1, 1985 and run 
until June, 1986. The pay rate is $850/month. For more 
information call Ethan Watters at (916) 752-0208. Send 
resume and 10 to 15 clips to: 

Ethan Watters, California Aggie 
25 Lower Freeborn, UC Davis 

Davis, CA 95616. 

All Applications must be postmarked by October 19. Applicants must be 
available for interviews in Davis on November 9. 

~------FiiEiE------'i 
I with coupon I 
I FROZEN YOGURT OR NATURAL ICE I 
I CREAM, MEDIVM OR LARGER, WITH I 

FOR LOST CONTACT LENSESII 
• $49.00/pr. DAILY WEAR • 

I PURCHASE OF EQUAL SIZE I 
I ~1C. Coupon Valid For Up to 10 People I 
I ~p$~ I 

• $ 125.00/pr. EXTENDED WEAR • 
• SINGLE CONTACTS ALSO AVAILABLE • 

• LARGE STOCK FROM ALL MAJOR BRANDS • 

SAME DAY FREE DELIVERY 
/574-758z.1 ·/574-6718 1 

WE WILL CALL ANYWHERE FOR YOUR PRESCRIPTION 

Pow..tul 

EL-65OOI1 ....... .. ................. . 70 
.8Mlcc-nde 
• 4.21< Byte MM 
.1Ii34 ..... 
... 8c1.II4tfIcFuncllona 
• L"-...... Ion and p!1IdIcIlon 
ThIa hand-1'IaId computer.1ao PfOVkIM up 
to t61wa1a oI ... ranth ••••• nd 8 ~ 01 
.......... OI*IItIona ...... ......-y 
dadIoat.cll to RI. .1IfIc Clllculaliona. 

EL-5520 . .. .................. . .. . .. . 
• BASIC L.ngu.ge HancH4e1d COfIIIIUW 
• 41( RAM E .... 1dIIbIa to 18K RAM 
• 1788c1ant1f1c, _lcWtor & 

progruwnIng func:tlona 
• 18-DIgItLCO Dleplay 
The EL-5620 _ dealgned to alter 0UI8IandIng _1_ and IlION __ tlllty 
than any ClCIIIIP'*r In ItIi c ..... A large 
•• a~aI_ .. bIa __ ...... 
l/OU to InClI •• n_y .. and IntMfaca 
with prtneara,..,..,..~ .... 
.. ,,,Ip_land __ 

1"herm.a .........,'C ...... 
In...".. 

CE-1HP ....... .. .............. ..... S55 
• CompatlblewllhboehEL-S6001l& 

EL-5620 
• 0uIeI24·cIgIt "--I printer 
.C ...... 1n*'-
Euy-to-,.... prtnIOUIa. c-tte I'*"-
u.fuilo __ tie .. and~ In • 
oa ••• tte Ale(, .....,.. control. 

I We se!'...e only Amaton Ncuural Ice Cream and I 
Honey Hill Yogurt I (Honey sweetened, no chemicals or presen.oati...e.s) I 

I I 
I ~Il l/"9U.'Ct Oil 7'C~nCfl I 
I I I 20% STUDENT DISCOUNT on reeular prices I 
I for yogurt and ice cream at all times with I current student I.D. NO COUPON NEEDED. 

\. 

37tW) MiMion B1v'!. 272-8017 / 
aCTOIIII street from Old Mission Beach Cafe at Roclcaway Court 

_____ Coupon eapi ... Oct, 31, 1985 ____ _ 

Need Help Choosing Classes? 

THE 

1985 CAPE 

is now available at bookstores on 
campus. And at only SO¢ a copy 
(still), it's a bargain! 



//~:\\\ ~~~ ~) ) 
o O(~( =:J:~~( ~»)I OJ 

Dear New Students, 
On behalf oJ the Associated Students' 

Council, I welcome you to UCSD. Good 
luck in the coming year. 

Yours IroO', 
Mary Rose Alexander 
A.S. President 

Party with the Women's Center! 
All are welcome at Fall Open House to find out what 
the Women's Center can do for you, meet new 
friends , and learn how to get involved. 
Refreshments and music provided Tuesday, Sept. 
24, 11 am - 4 pm. In the Student Center next to the 
Food Co-op. 

Attention Freshmen: 
'Your Freshman Record is here! Available at Student Center 
Bldg. A ~pstairs in the AS offices. Ask receptionist or call 
x44S0 for more information. 

UCSD's 25th Anniversary party is coming 
soon - November 18. Come help plan the 
party. CaU Mary Rose or Barbara at x4450. 

Foreign Student Orientation 
Monday, Sept. 23 at 3 pm in the International Center. 

Welcome from the Vice-Chancellor, president of community 
"friends" organization and dean of international education. 
Separate small group sessions for grads and undergrads will 
focus on academic tips and advice on getting settled and 
involved in the campus community. Program will conclude with 
essential information shared by representatives from U.S. 
Immigration Service, campus healthlinsuranc; program, 
English language tutors, and members of UCSD International 
and Culture Clubs. Orientation program followed by free 
American Barbeque supper and square dance. Plan to stay for 
the evening and bring your host family. 

Get Involved in 
Student Government 

If you are interested in Public Relations, 
local, state and nationwide politics; 
programming; academic affairs; or any 
other aspect of student government, 
contact Ariel Anguiano Jr. at x4450 or pick 
up an application at the Associated Student 
Government offices in the student center. 

Mail Mail Mail Mail Mail Mail 
Organizations: Check your mailboxes located in 
the Student Infonnation Center. 

FFOG FFOG FFOG FFOG 
If your organization signed up to participate in the 
Fall Festival On The Green (FFOG), please contact 
Marietta at x4083 for set-up time and info by 
October 1. 

FRIDAY 
SEPT.2? 

rJ05rY 
ATHLETICS 

UEO 

( 

Student Discount Cards ' 
Available in the AS. Office and EDNA 

and Coops on Campus. 

First AS. Council Meeting Oct 2, 1985 
Wednesday at 6:30 pm in the North Conf. 

Rm. of the Student Center. 

Student Regent Applications 
Available October 8, 1985 

The Student Regent Application process begins October 8, 1985 
for a period of one (1) month. The Student Regent sits on the 
University Board of Regents for one (1) year as a participating 
member of the 28 member board. The duties of the Regent include 
overseeing the Financial Management of the University. appointing 
the President, Chancellors, Directors of the major research centers; 
establish policy in the areas related to affirmative action, student 
fees, admissions, and financial aid. 

A candidate for the position of Stuqent Regent must be an 
undergraduate, graduate or professional student in good standing at 
the time he or she applies. 

The Board of Regents appoints the student Regent on the 
recommendation of its Special Committee to Select a Srudent Regent. 
The Student Regent serves for a one year tenn commencing July 1. 
From the time of appoinanent as a Student Regent. but prior to the 
commencement of service as a member of the Board. the appointee 
holds the tide "Regent-designate" and is mvited to paIticipate in an 

. meetings of the Board and of its committees, but without a vote. 
During the time a Student Regent servesasa member of the Board, 

he or she must be enrolled as a student in good standing at a campus 
of the University of California for each regular academic tenn. A 
Student Regent may not concurrendy hold any appointed or elective 
student governmen~ position. A Srudent Regent is not eligible for 
reappoinunent 

Applications will be available beginning October 8, 1985 at the 
following locations: College Dean's Offices, Resident Dean's Offices, 
Student Information Center, Associated Students Office, College 
Comniunity Centers, Graduate Srudents Association Office, Medical 
School Student Affairs, Office of Graduate Studies and Research. 

For more infonnation can the Associated Students Office ofUCSD 
at 452-4450 and ask for Greg Arnold Qr call 452-4083 and ask for 
Randy Woodard. 

~ ...... 

We're Back! 
and we're better than before 

Come in and check out our selection 
of records and accessories. 

Assorted Vinyl Assorted Vinyl Assorted Vinyl 
Assorted Vinyl Assorted Vinyl Assorted Vinyl 
Assorted Vinyl Assorted Vinyl Assorted Vinyl 

in the Student Center 
P.S. W,'rt having a sak on ~kcttd summer rtkases. 

• Fratemit:)' Rush • 
I.F.C. Information Night 

Thursday, Sept. 26 at 7 pm 
Nonh Conference Room 

Come find out about the six UCSD fraternities. In fo nnation 
about each and rush calendars will be available. 

Student Organizations 
You -organization must reregister for the 1985-
86 academic year. Deadline is October 10,1985. 
Remember, if your organization has plans to do 
programming this quaner, you need to get the 
paper work in first. .. RE-REGISTER!!! 

Ski this Thanksgiving 
The Radically Inclined Ski Oub presents our first ever 

Thanksgiving Ski Trip! For $210, you get three nights in Park 
City, Utah, four days of the best champagne powder skiing at 
any of frve nearby resorts, a costume party dance, and roundtrip 
transponation. Tickets go on sale at the box office Oct. 3. There 
is only a limited number of seats so buy your ticket early! 

Come to our first meeting Oct 2 at 8 pm in HL 1402 for more 
information on the All-Cal ski trip to Steamboat and the Utah 
trip. Also, come see the "New and Improved" T -shin and watch 
a slide show of last year's events. Sign up for the 100 foot long 
Banana Split Relay Contest at the meeting or during FFOG. 
Come join us or watch the contest at 12:15, Oct 4 near the 
hump. 

Attention Student Orgs: 
ASUCSD Bulletin Advertising lnfonnation 

As a registered student organization, you have the 
opponunity to advenise for FREE in the ASUCSD Bulletin. 
Please read and follow the guidelines listed below for 
submitting your ads to the ASUCSD Bulletin. 
1. All. ads must be on 8112 x 11 plain white paper. 
2. The ads must be readable. Please type. 
3. Since the Bulletin comes out in Monday's Guardian, the deadline 

for submitting your ad is the Wednesday BEFORE. by noon. 
4. Ads may not be printed for more than two (2) consecutive weeks. 

(Keep thi~ in mind when advertising for a special event in 
advance.) 

5. Don't forget to mention the nme, location and give an information 
number for your even'" 

If you have any questions regarding advertiSing in the Bulletin, 
please contact Barbara Higgins at x44S0. 



Twenty-fifth Anniversary Series -

Camelot of Colleges 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
Once upon a time ... "Welcome 

to the future Camelot of 
colleges, W beckoned the 
orientation guide as the 
September sunlght slice through 
a drizzly dank day in '64, 
illuminating a skeletal scholastic 
citadel rising above the dusty 
eucalyptus forest where the first 
undergraduates stood wondering 
if UCSO would become a legend 
in their own time. 

Once upon another time ... 
Merlin beckoned a young lad to 
walk with him through a Coggy 
wood and foretold how in the 
future the streams of sunlight 
cascading through these trees 
would be replaced by colored 
streamers hanging from the 
lances of noble knights who 
would be sitting at a round table 
telling tales of great deeds done 
in the name of Camelot. Merlin 
already knew of these future 
events, for he lived backwards in 
time. Though his ability was 
unique, he explained to the 
young lad that no matter where 
you go, there you are. Therefore , 
it was far more important to 
orient yourself to your own 
particular "when." Merlin seemed 
wise and knowledgeable because 
he Studied and remembered 

thin~ back in the lad's future. 
But Merlin pointed out that since 
the lad had payed anention to 
his own past he seemed wise to 
Merlin. Thus, knowing "when the 
boy came from helped both the 
teacher and student guide each 
other back 10 the future. 

Once upon today ... November 
18 of this year, the past and 
fururc of UCSO will meet in 
celebllltion of our 25th 
anniversary. The banners will 
unfurl and shimmer in the 
sunlight as incoming 
undergraduates Sit around tables 
feasting and listening to our 
present king tell us of a glorious 
future. But like the young lad of 
Camelot, a student can quickly 
become disoriented and lost in 

the forest of fanfare without the 
kno~dge of how this Camelot 
of colleges came to be. It is not 
enough to read some quickly 
thrown together university report 
of facts and figures parroting the 
administllltion. The history of 
UCSD needs to be savored 
slowly from carefully prepared 
recipes handed down from 
student to student throulth our 
adolescent years. Then the 
nourishment of knowledge from 
the past will fortify us when we 
tum our attention back to the 
future. 

During this ~ar of celebration, 
the UCSD Guardian will bring to 
you our past through tales told 
by nobel knights of knowledge 
who led us vistoriously through 
coundess intellectual battles, by 
alumni squires of scholarship 
who have created their own 
legends, and by recountin~ from 
the long histories recorded in 
the Guardian and fellow on-
campus publications. During this 
academic year, this feast of 
UCSD fame will be presented in 
2S Guardian feature section 
courses with a new chef (faculty, 
staff or student) preparing a 
mixture of past, present and 
future entrees. Uke any grand 
banquet of celebration. we now 
present to you this menu of 
future-past histories to be 
consumed. And like fine wines 
they are listed here in the year of 
time they were bottled. 

Once upon our future-past... 
When does a fine wine begin? 
When it is opened and served at 
a feast? When it is labeled, 
placed on a cellar shelf to age , 
poured into an oaken cask? 
When the glllpes were mashed 
by bare feet, plucked from the 
vine, planted in the ground, or 
tllInsponed from across the 
ocean to start a new vineyard? 

1960 ... November 18. This was 
the day the Regents of the 
University of California changed 
the label of the graduate School 

of Science and Engineering, 
called UC La Jolla, to the 
graduate and undergraduate 
University of California at San 
Diego and began our future-past. 
Before then it had also been 
known as the Institute 01 
Technology and Engineering at 
Ui Jolla as of 19~8, then led by 
Roger Revelle. The first glllduate 
students enrolled in physical 
sciences in 1960 at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, 
waiting for the future 
construction of the upper 
campus in the eucalyptus forest. 

1961... Herbert F. York is 
selected as the first chancellor of 
UCSD. York sends out the call 
around the world to come join 
him in creating the new 
colleBiate Camelot. And varied 
knights of knowledge from Nobel 
laurcat Harold IJrey to 
philosopher Herbert Marcuse 
come to give their an. 

1962 ... The king ~f Capitol 
Hill's new Camelot, John F. 
Kennedy, signs a bill transferring 
Camp Matthews military base to 
UCSD. 

1963 ... York gathers his forces 
and moves their temporary 
encampment to higher ground 
where the "first collegeW is named 
and established. Not to be 
overshadowed by their fellow 
knights of knowledge, the 
Women's Liberation Front is 
organized. The University takes 
shape with the completion of 
Urey and Ma~r Halls. 

1964 ... Construction continues 

as an orientation guide leads the 
first 181 undergraduates throUlh 
the dusty campus quad flankea 
by Bonner Han, the Revelle 
commons, and the 
Undergraduate Science Building. 
New dreams begin to unfold, 
producing a School of Medicine 
and a second coOege. John 
Stewart begins his 21 ~ar 
stewardship of the second 
college where he still holds helm. 
The campus catalogue warns 
incoming students that there are 
no accomodations or provisiOns 
for campus life, a factor that wiD 
plague UCSO's future as the 
primary reason for tllInsferring to 
another UC campus. But the 
catalogue also ncxed that this 
was a banner year when dreams 
for the future would be created. 

. No matter where you go in the 
UC system there "you" are; 50 
why not be at UCSO during a 
major event-filled year? 

196~ ... UCSO quickly reaches 
national attention with the TIme-
Ufe broadcast of "Birth of a 
University" set in the newly 
named Revelle College. UCSO is 
ranked third most chalenging 
undergraduate curriculum in the 
nation. Naturally from such an 
academic institution the first 
collegiate tradition established, 
the Watermelon Drop, is a final 
exam question for a physics 
class. 

1966 ... The ans take hold as a 
part of the campus as Howard 
Warshaw paints the Revelle Cafe 
mural. The influence and quality 

of UCSD spreads into the San 
Diego community through the 
new UCSD Extension program. 
Students begin to mad about 
their own accomplishmerxs in 
the first campus publication, the 
Sanmu Ti~s. 

1967 ... The Triton TImes takes 
over.as the campus newspaper 
and covers the first student 
strike, a protest OYer the poor 
food in the ReveDe cafeteria - a 
'strike that will be ~ted. The 
first students enrolled at Muir arc 
nicknamed the wDiny Diehardsw • 
for the conditions they haYe to 
live in on old Camp Matthews. 
The Lancelot of UCSD, Paul 
Seltman, begins his campaign of 
challenging the students to Mcut 
the crap" and disccMr their own 
ilUflectuallimits. AI. the end of 
the ~ar an gather at the ftrst 
graduation ceremonies to send 
63 students onto their own 
quests. 

1968 ... KSDT radio 5Iadon 
joins the Triton TbIws to c:ontiNIe 
the tale of UCSD. AIani widl 
LanceIot and the newly aowned 
Kina WIlliam McGII. UCSD 
pined its own panicuIar 
Guencvere, Angela Davis. She 
forms the !lack Student Union 
and panicipares in orpnizin& 
the third colqe. uCSb's fooiI.I 
team loses its fust game to 
Livern and afterwards the 
unifonns are given to the fencin8 
team, which .s up the sword 
to help establish ~ 
fame . Any wounds in 

PIa. ...... lID JIIIt U 

McElroy, while the AS council 
forms a committee to investigate 
right-wing terrorism on c~s. 

1973 ... Lancelot speaks, s 
off his armor and tells of his LSD 
experiences to show students 
that scholars are real people, too. 
The knights of knowledge look 
up from the millionth book 
received at Central Library to see 
a need for a fourth coUege. 

Monday, Stpumber 23. 1985 25 
FEATURES 

just wanted to remain spaced, 
the Coors boycott ends. 

1980 ... King Richard enters 
Camelot to improve the quality 
of student life. The U.S. Mexican 
Studies program begins to 
improve the qualiry of our border 
relations. 

I111IIII11I 
III f IIII 1 If 111 fllllIlII filII I , 

-

1974 ... The new Student 
Cemer o'pens: yes, this happens 
both in UCSD's past and future . 
Three more firsts occured: 
studems emer Fourth College . 
the annual trike race emerges, 
and another past tradition is 
modernized as a Watermelon 
Queen is selected for the annual 
drop. 

1981... Remember in 1958 
UCSO was once named the 
Institute of Technology and 
Engineering: well, finally a 
division of engineering is 
created. Yes, the chancellor's 
office was taken over by Students 
again. 

1982 ... After more than forry 
years of dreaming, organizers 
realize the reality of Mandell 
Weiss Center for the Performing 

-

1975 .. . The arts triumph again 
with the opening of the 
Mandeville Center which will 
become a haven for free-Friday 
movie freaks . 

1976 ... Thousands gather 
again , not in protest, but to 
participate in a peanut butter 
experiment. The second wave of 
Dirty ~iehards move from Camp 
Matthews as the Third College 
buildings open. Across campus, 
on t-shirts, backpacks, car 
windows and book covers the 
new UCSD logo can be seen. 

1977 ... Though the campus 
experiences a major electrical 
blackout, the light of excellence 
shines even brighter as UCSD is 
ranked third in the nation for 
research and developmem. 
Fourth college students become 
the new Dirty Diehards. but not 
without a name - Wanen 
College. 

1978 ... On quest of his own, 
UCSD professor John West 

_ Arts . 
1983 .. . The future will soon be 

upon us, .. nd nothing brought 
this home more than the 
establishing of the Institute on 
Global Conflict and Cooperation 
which is studying the feaSibility 
of the "Star Wars" defense 
system. As we look to that future, 
an image of me past flies in.. and 
lands near the Mandevil\e Center 
in the form of the Sun God , the 
first of the Stewart art collection. 

1984 ... Another institute, this 
time of the Americas, forms to 
further establish UCSD as the 
new think tank of the West As 
the Olympics flourish in LA, 
more trumpets are sounded to 
Bernard Rands winning the 
Pulitzer Prize. 

A model oj UCSO's Central Library as originaUy planned during the ta~ st4gts oj construction. 
scales Everest; while at sea level . 
undetgraduate Bolton Colburn 
wins the American Surfing 
Association National 
championship, reaffirming UCSD 
as the intellectual surfing coUege 
of the coast. Another annual 
tradition continues - sit-ins -
this time at McElroy's office oyer 
the preservation of the r;>ay Care 
Center. 

1985 ... No maner when UCSD 
be8'ln it seems as if this year was 
destined to be a focal point in 
the timescape of our univerSity. 
Hyperbolically, every event so far 
this year has magnified the light 
from the past down to one weD-
focused point to ignite the 
people, places, protests, and 
pride in UCSO forever in our 
minds. Now we are on the \ips 

25th 
Continued from pI8e 24 
battle are attended to by the first 
32 medical students enrolled in 
the School of Medicine. 

1969 ... The wrestling team 
grapples as U~O's first 
undefeated team in a single 
season while the fight begins 
ovtr the naming and direction of 
the third coOege. The AS council 
suppons the name Lumumba 
Zapata college. 

1970 .. . Protests continue as 7.5 
srudenrs sit-in at Urey HaD 
denl/lnding withdrawal of the 
Depanmcnt of Defense research. 
George Winnie sets himself afire 
as a personal Viemam protest. 
The newest UCSO building 
opens and the oldest is 
remodeled, Central Ubrary and 
Che Cafe. respectively. Herbert 
York returns as chancellor during 
these stormy times. 

1971... Fiat Lux, sunlight 
shines again upon UCSD with a 
number one ranking in the 
nation by Change magazine. The 
solar powered blllins below begin 

Over·630 offices in California 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE 

[0 inject life inw the non-
academic moments as aD the 
toilet seats arc stolen from Blake 
HaD one night and Muir College 
counter the Revelle tradition with 
its first Pumpkin Drop. 

1972 ... The number one 
ranking in the nation is picked 
up by the entering Medical 
Students. Uincelot leads another 
crusade, this time in a pro-
choice abortion debate. The 
women athletes test their mettle 
as they take their first national 
volleybaD title. Off the court. 300 
protesters march on newly 
crowned chancellor, William 

1979 ... Surfs still up with 
Lancelot named top surfing 
professor by Waterworld, and 
with the UCSD Sea-Deucers 
setting the Guinness world 
record for underwater 
backgammon. Back up in space. 
the Center for Astro Physics and 
Space Science is formed and the 
UCSO Poetry Series brin~ 
famous poets to cultivate our 
inner space. And for those who 

• 

of people throughout the world 
when words of academics. 
research and social protests are 
spoken. 

Across the nation orientation 
guides are teOing the tale of their 
universities. Some of those 
ani versities have a longer or 
more famous tllIdition, but 
nowhere in time has a university 
accomplished more in twenty-
five years than the Camelot of 
colleges, UCSD. 

This article n:presents the first in 
a year-long series oj Guardian 
articles to celebrate and explore the 
history oj the uniVtTSity in the 
"UCSD Twenty:fifth Anniversary, 
Series ... 

Sff PRGf 60. 
UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY and STAFF 

ARE CORDIALLY INVITED 
TO EXPERIENCE 

FAITH, HOPE and LOVE IN CHRIST 

-I- uNIVE~t ify LUniEkAN tHu~tH 
.t!:l ANb EtuMENltAl tENTE '" 

~ 
acrOil the Itreet from Revelle College 

(9595 La Jolla ShorelDrive, near North Torrey PineaRoad) 
Semday WonIUp at 10:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. 
Ftedbddc wilh friends after church at II : 1, a.m. 
Wekomina SeNder" Barbea.e on Wednesday, October :l , 6:00 p.m. 

(Weeld:pn.deril mpperJ on Wednesda,s at 6:00 p. m. ,followed Iry Bible stud, at 7:00 p. rn.) 
New Underl"adwak Bible SeNd, staTU Wednesday, October :I, , :00 p.rn. 
Wekomin. SeNCfcnt Brunch on Swnda" October 6, II : l' a.m. (d{ter church) 
IAJce Anou.oIwdd peGJe Expmence OIIemigN October ll·n 

''"l(X)MtNG f'"QfWIMAO WITH YOU IS A WORlOllMO£ fRADEMARIC or 5(CI.JII'tTV PlllW;trtC COAP'ORATK)N Our Lounae, CIa4pd and Ubrcn-y are open c:kail,. 
For further information or pattonl care, contact 

Campua P.tor John G. Huber, D.Min., "53-0561 or .. 59-8855 



26 Mollddy, Septnnbtr 23. 198.5 
FEATURES 

LIONS and TACOS 
and BEERS 0 h, my!· 

\ 
BOOKS AND RELATED 
MATERIALS 

UCSD Bookstore. Warren x3990 
Groundwork Bookstore, Student Center 
t4-1I1-....,....~~;: 452-9625 

Bargain Books, Revelle Commons x2502 

SERVICES 

EDNA (Student Information) x3362 
Academic Services/ Undergraduate Affairs 
x3760 
Admissions (Undergraduate) x3160 

I Off-Campus Housing x3670 
Disabled Student Services )(4382 
Student Legal Services x4374 
Judicial Affairs x6225 
Rape Prevention Education Program x4374 
ReligiOUS Affairs x2521 
Student Health Service x3300 
Escort Service x4360 (after 5 pm) 
Carpools x4253 
Psychological and Counseling Services x3775 
Airport Services x2774 
Credit Cards (Auto/Air Travel) x3780 
Student Travel Services x0630 
Day Care Center x2768 
CAPE x2668 
Career Services Center x3750 
Shipping Services x2955 

EMERGENCY NUMBERS 

Campus Police; Fire Rescue, Medical x4357 
(HELP) 
U.c. Medical Center x6111 

TO RENDEZVOUS, 
RFADA BOOK, 
AND DRINK COFFEE, TOO 

Tht Pannikin , La JoUa 454-5453 
Indoor/ outdoor seating, special coffees and 
pastries, Wed.-Sun. till 11 pm. 
Upstart Crow. University Towne Center 
455-5290 
Indoor/outdoor seating, special coffees, meals 
and pastries 
Mon.-Thurs. tillO pm.; Fri.-Sat. till 1 pm.; Sun til 
6 pm. . 
Upstart Crow, Mission Blvd. 272-8990 
Only indoor seating, same menu 
Sun.-Thurs. til 11 pm.; Fri.-Sat. til midnight. 
Denny's, Miramar Rd., 578-6987 
open 24 hours 
Denny's, Torrey Pines and La JoUa Shores Rd. 
454-1990 

Soft Reserves, Student Center x6256 
AS Lecture Notes, Student Center x6238 

BFACHES 

. Black's Beach, due west of Muir campus 
For the spontaneous person with little time 
who just wants to get up and go (just as they 
are). Swimsuits not reqUired. Surfers say this 
beach has some "gnarly" waves. 
La Jolla Shores, next to Scripps 
A student hang-out, so take a book, any book. 
and remember to flip the page every now and 
then. 
Mission Beach , off Mission Blvd. and West 
Mission Bay Dr. 
Take binoculars if you want to join the wall-
of-men club. Otherwise, take a pair of skates, 
a cheap, ugly bike, or a sign that reads "I'm 
not from Arizona, but I sometimes lie." 
Tounnaline, off La JoUa Blvd. 
Great for windsurfing and surfing. 
La Jolla Cove, west of Prospect 
For a morning or evening swim to the busy 
and back, or scuba-diving. 

BEACHES THAT AllOW 
BON FIRES 

La Jolla Shores 
Mission Beach 
Mission Bay 

WHERE TO RENT 
WINDSURFERS 

The Hllton , East Mission Bay Dr. 276-4010 
$10 per hour 
Bahia RLsort Hotel , West Mission Bay Dr. 488-
0551 
$10 per hour 

WHERE TO GET CHEAP, USED, 
UGLY BIKES 

Check The Rtatkr and The Guardian classifieds 

COMIC REUEF 

The Comedy Store, Pearl St. La Jolla "54-9176 
No cover charge on Tues. amateur night; 
every night there's ~ two drink minimum; 
Wed.-Thurs. $5, Fn.-Sat. S7. 
The Improv, Gamet Ave. 483-4520 
Mon. $2, Fri.-Sat. $6; also a two drink 
minimum every night. 

WHERE TO ROLLER SKATE 

Aquarius Roll-A-Rena, La Mesa Blvd. %2-21"1 
Mission Beach "boardwalk" (requires ,. 
Walkman and swimsuit attire) 

- ---::::::. _ _ -=-=-- CSiWfl 
------~ 
--

TIlEATERS 

Clairemont Mesa Theater, Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
274-0901 
$l.75 aU shows 
Mira Mesa Cinemas , Mira Mesa Blvd. 566-1912 
$2 most shows (many double features) 
LaJoila Vil~e Theater, Villa LaJoUa Dr. 453-1831 
$2 shows aD day Tues. 
University Towne Center 6, La Jolla Village Dr. 
452-7766 
$2 shows aD day Tues. 
KtfI Cinema, Adams Ave. (downtoWn) 283-5909 
Not your average movies 
Reuben H. Rut Space Thtater, Balboa Park 238-
1168 
20% off ticket price with a student 1.0. 

WHERE TO BUY KEGS 

Beer King, CIairemont Mesa Blvd. 292-9210 

( 

QUICK XEROXING 
510 Warren campus 
3301 Applied Physics 6r Mathematics Bldg., 
Muir campus 
4050 Basic Science Bldg. 
301 S/Annex 

lATE NIGHT MUNCHIES 

Roberto's Mexican Food, Miramar Rd. 271-0170 
Open 24 hours, Came Asada Burrito $1.65 
V.G.'s Donuts, Cardiff 753-2400 
Open till midnight 
WincheU's Donuts, Miramar Rd. 693-9822 
Open 24 hours 
T.G.I. Friday's, Villa La Jolla Dr. 455-0880 
Open til 2 am. 
Jimmy Wong's Golden Drngon, University Ave. 
296-4119 
Open til 2:"5 am, approx. a 20 min. drive 
City Delicatessen, University Ave. 295-2747 
Sun.-Thurs. open til 1 am, Fri. & Sat. til 3 am; 
across from Jimmy Wong's. 

All-YOU-CAN-EAT 
CHINESE FOOD 

The POo/nesian Garden, Convoy St. 268-1911 
$3.65 lunch, $".25 dinner; open til 9 pm. 

OUT -OF-TIlE-ORDINARY PIZlA 

Carino's, La JoUa Blvd. 459-1400 
Unique ingredient: artichoke hearts 

l'IZZA DELIVERED ON CAMPUS 

BJ. 's Chicago Piz%tria, Villa LaJolla Dr. 455-0662 

HAPPY HOURS 

El Torilo, Villa LaJolla Dr. 453-4115 
Mon.-Fri. 4-7 pm.; free food; Margaritas $l.75 
Fairfield's, Villa La Jolla Dr. 457-3227 
Everyday "-7 pm. well drinks and wine S1.45; 
Mon.-Fri. free food 
Shooter's, Holiday Court 587-0056 
Mon.-Fri. 4:30-6:30; drink specials vary 
Carlos Murphy's, University Towne Center 457-
4170 
Mon.-Fri. 4-7 pm; Margaritas $1.50; free food 
T()JttJ PintS Inn, Torrey Pines 453-4420 
Mon.-Sat. 4-8 pm; 75¢ well drinks; free food 
Del Mar Makan Cafe, Via De La VaDe 481-8843 
Mon.-Sun. 3-6 pm; Margaritas and Taquitos 51 
BuUy's Mexican Cafe, 15th S1. Del Mar 481-8843 
Mon.-Sun. 3-6 pm; Margaritas and Taquitos 51 
Rusty Pelican, La Jolla Village Dr. 587-1886 
Mon.-Fri. 4-7 pm; drink specials, oyster shots 
50¢ 

. __ : . .:.::<~ : ~: =:f :-_::-:':"2 -- - .-
•• , ........ -»,;. . .. - _ • • 

.. ' . ~ - .. --

WHERE AND WHEN 
THE GRUNION RUN 

Dejinition of "Grunion run": a spectacular 
spawning ritual of a small pelagic fish; when 
thousands of these fish wash onto the beach, 
the females wi~e onto the sand while the 
males surrounathem, releaSing their milt into 
the sand where the eggs are fertilized. 
When the Grunion run: Approximately March 
through August, about every twO weeks, at 
high tide on the second night after a new or 
fun moon. 
Where the Grunion run: open, wide beaches 
such as Del Mar, Scripps, and Coronado. 
Rules for Grunion chasers: The object is to 
catch more fish than your fellow Grunion 
chasers, using only your bare hands, that is. 
Buckets, nets, and shovels are illegal. For the 
full effect, bare feet are required. 

MEXICO 

l..astr Club Oh, Tijuana 
Open until 5 am. Special effects include 
lasers, fireworks and videos. 
RostJrito Beach Hotel, Rosarito 
Offers music, a dance 8oor, pool, beach, $40 
rooms. Note: Sat. night is the "happening" 
night for dancing. 
Bullfights, Tijuana 
Hussong's Cantina, Ensenada 
Somewhat expensive but popular 
Pueno Nuevo, Baja 
cheap lobster 

Tourism infonnation: 
(toll free) 
Tijuana 234-8443 
Ensenada 234-4565 
San Felipe, Mexicali 234-4846 
Tourist protection hodine: 
Attorney General 8'-03-02 (2" hrs.) 

Monday, September 23, 198.5 

FEATURES 

• :' :.,;, •• ~ ., . c, .... -: ••• 
. . -:. :r.:' .... -

WHERE TO CAll IF YOU 
HAVE A HOT NEWS TIP 

The UCSD Guardian 452-6580 

DANQNG 
The Roxy, El Cajon Blvd. 298-1722 
New Wave and progressive music 
The Mannikin, Gamet Ave. 298-1722 
New wave and progressive music. Note: The 
Mannikin becomes Club 1.0. on Mon. and 
Fri. 

:i 
c 

& 
.~ 
J 

El Torito Rtstaurant Y Cantina, Villa LaJoUa Dr. 
453-4115 
Popular rock 
Diego's Mexican Rtstaurant Y Cantina, Gamet 
Ave. 272-1241 
Popular rock 
Bahia Rtsort Hotel, West Mission Bay Blvd. 488-
0551 
Traditional jazz 
Elario's Rtstaurant, LaJoUa Shores Dr. 459-0541 
Fusion jazz ) 

J 
• 

" 



28 Monday, Sqttmbcr 23, 1~5 
FEATURES 

136 Student Drg's 
elicit participation 
By MONTE ROSEN 

last ~ar was a boom ~ar in 
student participation. A grand 
total of one hundred thirty-six 
organizations were and stiD are 
officially registered -
organizations providing stUdents 
with a non-academic community 
which results in the 
diversification of the larger 
university community. 
Diversification, which means the 
support and propagation of 
differences in areas as 
fundamental as sex and race, to 
areas as specific as career and 
recreation. If you haven't noticed 
it yet, UCSD is a collection of 
radically different people, strewn 
into multi-varied communities, 
who rarely interact with one 
another. Events here that would 
attract crowds larger than several 
thousand, are unheard of. Yet 
that doesn 't mean that there is 
no social, recreational, or 
political life here . 

The anti-apartheid movement 
which swept the nation'~ 
campuses last spring, has found 
a permanent home here in the 
committed individuals politicized 
towards ending racism both in 
South Africa and at UCSD. These 
individuals showed skeptical 
students and the UC Regents the 
power of an o~nized student 
movement. TheIr panicipation In 

the political questions of 
attending this educational 
institution as well as pointing to 
the questions inherent in our 
participatory democracy, has 
pullcd the rosy coverlet off these 
previously unquestioned 
institutions. 

Other organizations exist 
across the pol.itical spectrum and 
need student energy in order to 
do the work they are structured 
to do, Reading down the list 
there is the: 

African Research Collective, 
American Indian Student 
Council, Asian Pacific 
SrudentAll~nce , Black 
Students Union, California 
Review, CalPlRG, Central 
American/ Caribbean 
Solidarity Committee, Chile 
Democratico, Chinese 
Student Association, College 
Republicans of UCSD, 
Committee for World 
Democracy, Democratic Oub 
of UCSD, Groundwork 
Books, India Youth 
Association, Israel Action 
Committee, L'Chayim, 
Lesbian &: Gay Organization, 
Latin American Cultural 
Center, Mecha, Mexican-
American Academic 
Advancement Organization, 

r----------------~ I _ 1IiIo..\ - - I I N'-I~o . RENT FURNITURE FAST! I ~ LOW MONTHLY RENTALS! I 
(3 Mo. Minimum) 

· Dinette Sets 
, Sofa & Chair 
· Sofa Sleeper 
· Bedroom Sets 
· Refrigerators 
· 19" Color TV 
, Twin bed, chest 

or desk, bookcase 
or nightstand . 
Any three pieces 

7,00 
13,00 
15.00 
14.00 
21.00 
25.00 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

15.00 I 
THREE COMPLETE ROOMS FURNISHED I 

$39.00 I 
FREE DELIVERY I 

AENT'A-N..AN I 
FURNITURE I 

7464 Unlveralty Ave. La ..... I 
463-8856 • 582-5600 I 

-----------------

Model United Nations, New 
Indicator, Organization of 
Arab Students, Organization 
for Industrial Policy, People's 
Voice, PoIitjoumal, 
Progressive Students Alliance, 
Sappho Publications, Sndent 
Pugwash Chapter of UCSD, 
Students Active Toward 
Community Health, Students 
Against Drunk Drivers, 
Students Against Reaganism, 
Students for Unity, Students 
Organized for Animal Rights, 
Union of jewish Students, 
Viemamese Student 
Association, Women's 
Resource Center, Youth For 
Reagan. 

As is very apparent, there is a 
large selection of political 
interests represented. Some are 
more politically oriented than 
others and there are many 
organizations which consider 
themselves political which are 
not listed. ReaDy the point of all 
this is to elicit participation, 
because the role of stUdents is to 
be the bearer of culrure to the 
future. It is a fine thing to attend 
class for four or five ~rs, try to 
have a good time, graduate, and 
then leave. It is quite another 
thing to take a student's 
responsibility seriously, and be 

A Full Service Salon 
We would like 10 Introduce to you our 
new and talcmed hair styUSI, 
Kathy 
Women $14, reg. 525 
Men $12, reg. SI9 
Special-
Highlighting lit Cut $-40 

concemed - to be actively 
participating in the process of 
creating culture. 

For most of us, as 
undergraduates, college is the 
time when we mature into 
responsible adults. It is a time 
when the values and principles 
of our home life enter into the 
arena and do battle with the 
Values and prinCiples of our 
peers. It is a time to experiment 
with new and different ways to 
get on with our lives - to find 
the skil\s to do just thal Most 
importandy it is a time to find 
the community we feel most 
comfortable with; at the same 
time, we confront without denial 
the things which make us 
uncomfortable. The only true 
mistake anyone can make at this 
time is to stay inside their own 
shell, deny the need to expand 
and grow, and thus fail to 
participate in the opportunities 
which abound. 

For those stUdents whose 
needs tend more towards serious 

For appoinuncm, please caIl .. S2-2930, 
8950 ViDa Lajolla Dr .. Suite 2120,laJoUa 
(behind El Torito dilttt/y across the ramp) '--__ 

STEP INTO THE DRIVER'S SEA T! 
For more infonnation concerning the 
programs leading to a commission in the 
United States Navy or Marine Corps, 
contact the Navy NROTC unit at 

260-4811 

recreation rather than serious 
culture, student organizations 
offer many sports and activity 
oriented clubs. For example, you 
could join the largest student 
organization - Water Ski Oub 
at UCSD; or the deepest student 
organization - Sea Deucers 
(Scuba Oub); or the most 
"bitchin" student organization -
Surf Oub; or the highest student 
organization - Soaring Oub; or 
the most long winded student 
organization - Speech and 
Debate Team; or the most 
chaotic student organization -
Men's Ultimate Entropy. Or if 
you wish to practice a manial an 
you can choose from several 
excellent clubs (classes): 

ADinagi Karate Oub, Archery 
Oub, Rugby Club (sorry; no 
Austral~n football) , Shadows 
of Iga Ninja, Shaolin Kung-
Fu Oub, Tae Kwon Do Club, 
Tang Sao Do Oub, Triton 
Wargaming Society, and 

Pleallt tum to Pl8e 31 

r - - _. W\'ll{1liISAD. - - _. 
, THE 26: 
: SIogurt eli/lair , 

I 
I frozen I 
: ~ogurt creations I 
I I 

: 2 lor 1 : 
I Buy one smaD I 
I SGYIna and I 
I aet oneFREEI I 
, I 

'

I • WATCi fOR • : 
LOmRY nCJ(EJ'S HERE I 

I I 
I IOJOTOINYPlnaIld. In4 c:..ma ..... I 
I at HIncheI "-* IIDch I 

t.. .lola 465483 
I ~ Exprns: 9/28185 I L __ ,ONE PER CUSTOMER ___ • 

What if 
you dont get 

into the 
grad school 

otyour choice? 
Of course, you may get into 

another school, but why settle? 
I"repare for the LSAt GMAT. 
GRE, MCAT or any grad school 
entrance exam with the best test 
prep organization- Stanley H. 
Kaplan. 

For nearly 50 years, Kaplan's 
test-taking techniques haw prf!- . 
pared 0IIeI' 1 miUion students for 
admission and licEnsing tests of 
all kinds. So call. Why go to just 
any grad school, when you 

=1 STANlEY H KAf'IAN EOUCAIlONAI. CENTBt lro 
The worlds leading 

test prep organization. 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

.. 780 Clairernont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92177 

(619) 277-6744 

11'* 

Monday, SepkIIIbtr 23, 1985 19 
FEATURES 

tho wrltar'g I 

It's 5:31 in the morning somewhere 
By PHIL LAUDER 

H EY TliERE! How you doin'? (shon but affectionate hug) How was 
your summer? Yeah ... really? No 
kidding? That's great! Mine was 
pretty good too - except it was 
too shon (chuckle, chuckle). 
Wasn't it just yesterday we were 
hating life through Miller's chem 
final? God that sucker was a 
bitch - where does that guy get 
off throwing questions on stuff 
we've never heard of before on 
the final? (laugh/groan, followed 
closely by more chuckles as time 
has eased the wounds). Anyway, 
yeah, the summer was good but 
way shon. Yeah, ain't that the 
way it always is? Yeah, you got it. 

It certainly is. Welcome to the 
first movement of the Rat Race 
in E Rat Major, Opus 85-%, 
now playing at a campus near 
you. For those of you new to the 
scene, let me welcome you to 
this opening~week collegiate 
extravaganza. I'm sure you'll find 
it to be everything you've always 
wanted in college life , and less. 
Distance from Murnsy and Popsy. 
Independence. Responsibility. 
Freedom. Wild frolicking in the 
quad. Stupid food fightS in the 
cafeteria. Ultimate frisbee in the 
rain on Muir Field . Hacky sack 
in the sun on Revelle Plaza. 
Asking EDNA which way is up. 
Trying to figure out what the hell 
E.D.NA really stands for. 

, 

, I r ~ 
" ,; 

Maming three pedestrians while 
racing on your bike from 10 am 
math in Third Lecture HaUs to 
11 am anthro. in USB. FaDing 
asleep in Math lA section. 
Getting publicly embarrassed 
when the TA wakes you up in 
Math lA section .... These and 
other wild and woolly adventures 
await you as you enter the gates 
oC UCSDwonderland. If these 
sound exciting to you , you have 

01' calendar on the wall says 
September 23 and not only have 
we not read our books, we have 
neither seen them nor bought 
them nor secured the classes for 
which we need them. 

Which often leaves us with 
Scramble Week. The 
Administration caUs it 
Orientation Week or Welcome 
Week. You may call it a Cew 
other things by the time it's over. 

- certainly driving 20 minutes 
to campus isn't an 
insurmountable task. It would 
have been very little trouble for 
me to have dealt with all of my 
academic business many moons 
ago. But NOO 00 0 ... I wait to 
the last minute - or I don't do 
it at aU. I don 't have my classes 
yet - at least I know which 
ones I want, though . That counts 
for sompthing. By extension, of 

And then - my God, look at that - the ol' calendar 

Take this column. I'm sitting at 
the terminal at 5:30 - make that 
5:31 in the morning on press ' 
day. Sure, I had aU summer to 
come up with this column. I 
knew that it would be sman to 
roll out a few ideas in the heat of 
my vacation months so that I 
could fall back on them should I 
run into midterms or the first-
issue-of-the-year blues. I knew 
that prior preparation prevents 
pretty damn poor performance. 
That didn't faze me a bit. And 
here 1 sit. You may be thinking 
that this explains everything, that 
this kind of writing definitely 
sounds like 5:30-in-the-moming 
kind of writing, or cenainly,5:31-
in-the-moming writing. And 
you're righl Trouble is , this is 
how I always write . And I don't 
always write these things at 5:31 
in the morning. 

on the wall says September 23 and not only have we not 
read our books, we have neither seen them nor bought them 
nor secured the classes for which we need them, 

my condolences. 
All right, how many oC you out 

there really had a good summer? 
Let's see a show of hands, That's 
not bad. How about a great 
summer? Still not too bad. All 
right, how about a productive 
summer? Hello? You can raise 
your hands now. Hello? 

In June, many of us are 
positive that we're going to get a 
jump. on the next quaner by 
finding OUt what the required 
readings are for our faD classes 
and diving into them. And then 
- my God , loo~ at that - the 

• 

Welcome to financial aid office~ 
well-versed in the fine art of 
scrambling young scholars' 
minds and financial situations. 
Get oriented to cashier's lines 
that trace creative designs 
throughout vast parking lots, and 
get used to the lady at the 
window saying how awfully sorry 
she is thai you didn't get a 
depanmental stamp before 
standing in that terribly dreadful 
line out there. On your marks , 
get set, SCRAMBLE. Welcome to 
UCSD. 

I live not too far from campus 

course, I don't have my books 
yet either. The only reason I've 
seen the inside of the Bookstore 
since March is that I had to go 
through it to get into the 
Sunshine Store [they're doing 
construction at the entrance, so 
you have to go around - you 
get the feeling you're a rat in 
some scientist's experiment as 
you travel the maze into the 
place l. Anyway, I've left 
everything for Scramble Week, as 
usual, and I probably always will. 

Don't get the idea that I 
procrastinate , because 1 don't. 

Sometimes I walt 'til 6. 
I hope you have a good year. 

More importantly, I hope I have 
a good year - hell , I don't even 
know you. And above aU, 1 hope 
I'm not sitting here next Sunday 
morning, or any other Sunday, at 
5:31 in the morning typing my 
column. That's usually the hour 1 
reserve for studying for 
midterms. ~ 

"tht writer's i," a 3D-minute docu-
dl'llma cieafing with the social issues of 
our time, airs every Thursday on 
many of these same stations. 

Welcome Back UCSD! 

99¢Big Mac 
3 9¢ Hamburger 

SEVEN DAYS A WEEK! 

STUDENTS - don't forget your 
Welcome 

All the Time! 

"-4A~ ()~A 

CONSUMER ..... ,'\VINl, ..... lARD 

lJ$A.~ 
UNITED SAV''<GS A5~0CIATES 

... , r r'.' 'r .... 

',. ..' ... 
SfF Fd'"" ~ •• SA .. ,..,. ,<.;, 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
Working With Students 

and Their Budgets 



30 Mollday, Sqtembtr 23, 1985 

If Fletcher Christian and Captain Bligh had 
known what being stuck in the same boat 
would mean, chances are neither would have 
set foot aboard, 

And if you're stuck in the same boat with a long 
distance company that doesn't give you all the 
services you need, it's easy to harbor mutinous 
thoughts. 

But when you pick AT&T as your long distance 
company, you know you're in for smooth sailing. 

© 1985 AT&T CommuOicoltons 

You'll get trouble-free, reliable service. Immediate 
connections-even during the busiest hours. 
Guaranteed 60% and 40% discounts off our Day 
Rate on state-to-state calls. And operators to 
assist you with immediate credit for wrong 
numbers and collect calling. 

So when you're asked to choose a long distance 
company, sign aboard with AThT. With AM Long 
Distance Service, you1l never be left stranded. 
Reach out and touch someone.. 

AlaT 
The right choice. 

Student 
Organizations 
CoaIinued &om .,. 28 

finaBy, Women's Ucrosse of 
UCSD (sony; no mud 
wrestling). 

If your caste runs a little more to the 
pacifist organizations there is: 

Peace Meditations at UCSD, 
&ahai Gub, Asian American 
Cluisrian FeBowship, 
Campus Crusade for Christ, 
Catholic Student 
Coordinators, Chi Alpha 
Christian Fdowship, 
Christian Student 
Organization, Christian 
Srudents Association, 
Chrstians on UCSD, Inter-
Varsity Christian Fellowship, 
uaer-Day Saint Student 
Association, Lutheran 
Community, UCSD, The 
Koala, Vedic Cultural Society, 

and perhaps if you look hard 
enough you might find a religious 
"cult" amongst our student 
organizations. But I doubt il. To 
those students who are seeking a 
proCessional career and are 
looking for the exua-curricular 
activities which look bright on a 
resume, By the: 

American Institute of 
Aeronautics! Astronautics, 
American Chemical Society, 
American Institute of 
Cllemical Engineers, Art 
ScudenIs Lacue, 

Bioe~rtng Society, flack 
Science Swdent 
Orpnizalion, Campus I.qal 

Advocate Society, Company 
of Developing Artists, 
Economics/Management 
Science Swent AsSOCiation, 
Health Issues & Professions 
Organization, Institute of 
Electrical & Electronic 
Engineers, user Institute of 
America, Student Chapter, 
Pre-Dental Club, Pre-Law 
Education AsSOCiation, 
Society for Advancement of 
Management, Society of 
Women Engineers, Sociology 
dub, Student Entrepreneurs 
dub, Urban Studies Student 
Organization and Women in 
Communications. 

Of course if all you want to do 
is pany, or at least party at 
whatever you do, join a sorority 
or fraternity. UCSD doesn't have 
the complete greek scene - no 
houses on campus - but the 
greeks have done pretty well 
despite this handicap. You could 
become a: 

Alpha Omicron Pi, Chi 
Alpha, Circle K International 
o(UCSD, Delta Gamma, 
Delta Sigma Phi, member of 
the Interfraternity Council or 
the PanheBenic Council, 
Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi 
Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha 
Epsilon, Sigma Kappa, Sigma 
Nu, Tau Kappa Epsilon or a 
little sister, Zeta Beta Tau or 
a little sister. 

Psychological and 
Counseling Scrvlccs 

For All UCSD Students 

Naturally, I don't just write 
anicles for The Guardia", 
although it is a great way to 
panicipate on campus; I also 
work in the co-ops . There are six 
official co-ops and several 
unofficial ones, which constitute 
an interconnected system of 
exchanges and benefits. All are 
service oriented and most 
provide student consumers with 
high quality goods and very 
reasonable prices. Also, most 
provide students with the 
opponunity to volunteer for 
wonderful benefits, and aU utilize 
student paid labor. 

The official co-ops 
you could work at 
are: 

Assoned Vinyl (Records), 
Che Cafe , Food Co-op, 
General Store, Groundwork 
Books, Recycling Co-op, 
KSDT Radio, 

The unofficial co-ops are: 
Computer Science Co-op, 
Bike Shop, New Indicator, 
Sappho Speaks, People's 
Voice , Voz Fronteriza, 
Guardian. 

So it is clear that co-ops cover a 
whole lot of ground. You could do 
worse! 

Winding this anic1e up leads 
to two things. First, get off your 
butt and quit the couch-potato 
habit! Second, make UCSD 
something to be proud of. 
because by graduating from this 
place, you will have its 
reputadon foRow you where ever 
you go. Therefore it is in your 
best interest and everyone else's 
to participate in this multi-varied 
community. 

We offer a vartety of services and programs 
designed to enhance your college experi-
ence and help you cope most effectively 
with University Life. 

'luough Individual or group counseling, 
psychotherapy, or support groups, you 
can lam to ••• 

Mo"day, Stpttmbtr 23, 1985 31 
FEATURES 

Rambling through 
the colleges 
By MARCO SANTEREUJ 

SCHOOL HAS BEGUN and if including Casino Night, the you are a freshman you're Koala Bowl, a square dance, the probably a bit overwhelmed. Renaissance Faire, Spring 
You have a right to be. UCSD is Fashion Show, and a semi-
a large campus with a lot going Formal dance. Perhaps the most 
on, and acclimation can be _ popular event is the Watermelon 
rough at times. One of the first Drop where the Watermelon 
questions I had when I arrived at Queen, who has been for the 
UCSD was, "What are the four most pan a man in drag, hurls a 
colleges about?" II's true that watermelon from the seventh 
each college is unique and has a floor of Urey Hall into the crowd 
personlaity of its own, yet at the below. The Drop originated in 
same time the four colleges 1965 when physics professor 
complement each orner and form Bob Swanson asked his class 
one university community. what the velociry on impact of a 

watermelon dropped from Urey's 
Revelle college was the fi rst . seventh floor would be. The' 

campus created at UCSD, and IS Watermelon Drop (or ' splat") 
generall~ consIdered the most soon became a UCSD tradition. 
demandmg of the four. Its 
general education requirements 
are concentrated in math, 
science and humanities, and has 
a less flexible curriculum than 
the other colleges, which 
explains its large number of 
biological and engineering 
majors. 

One of the reasons Revelle is 
considered larger, as having 
more of a presence per se, than 
the other three campuses, is the 
predominant structure of Revelle 
plaza, a platform for free speech 
and a market for handicrafts. 

The campus also hosts events 

Muir College , the second 
campus that emerged, derived its 
name from naturalist, scientist, 
and writer-John Muir. It is 
interesting to note that more 
students apply to Muir than any 
other college, and Muir has the 
lowest drop-out rate. Charles 
Drellinger, dean of Muir, 
attributes this to his college's 
approach and attitude. 

"I think Muir is the most 
relaxed and fun loving of the 
four campuses. Students get to be 
more in control of creating their 

Please tum to PIF 33 

Discover 
the 'Ife8lth of 

CHINA 
';.'iII..., " ,~ .. _ I 

r 

•• .Reduce tat anxiety. 
•• .5tudv IlION efficiently and effectively. 
••• EnhInCC your crutlvlty. 

through its language 
••• Deal with eating problems. 
•• ..MMe IlION .".ctlN pcl"lOMl and airat' 

decisions. 
.;.Improye your Imerpel'lOftll relationships. 
... Cope more effcctlftly with loncll .... , sexual 

difficulties, alcohol and drug abuse, 
.. Idy, .nu, and c:Icpreulon. 

Five Locations on Campus 
Call for an appointment 

451·3755 
The counseling relationship Is private 

and confidential. 

The Program In Chinese Studla It UCSD 
Invite. you to enroll In Its 

L1nguege COUI"ICI for FlU 1985: 
First Year Chinese: 
Second Ye~r Chinese: 

-Third Year Chinese: 
Fourth Year Chinese: 

Chinese Studies 11 
Chinese Studies 21 
Chinese 111 
Chinese 121 

Cou ..... IPPIy toward 
collqc language requirements 

I. well. the 
mejor/mlnor In Chlnac Studla. 

For more Information call 452-64 77. L:;===:J 

l -



Jl Mo...,. SqIItmbcr 2.1. 1985 

Wayfarer Sale 

$25.00 Sells elsewhere 40.00 to 46.00 
Ray Ban Wayfarer 

• Black. Brown . \Nhite • Red 
America's # 1 Selling 

Sunglass 
WITH THIS /II) ONLY THROUGH 9·29 

Sweat Sale 
$5.00 

each 
Special 
Purchase 
• Latest. hottest colors 
• For gals & guys 
• American made 
• Crewneck 
• Bottoms 
• 50% cotton. 50% creslaw 
• Some slightly irregular 

WITH THIS AD ONLY TtIROUGH 9·29 

French SU~SaI8 
VIRTUALLY I .. 

NOW 9 .99 Compa70~ 
Saw O~ 75tt on our French Sungla •••• 
• Scratch resistant • 100'1. uIhaIIIoIet 
• Shalt8lP'oot • 85'1. inflared protectton 
• Flexible ny10n flames • IvrbeI all weather lenses 

style Ntet SIyIe of the l.cMIt. 
Hottest FfameI a Colon to Choo .. Ffom 

wmt TtIS /II) ONLY 1HIOUCiH 9-29 

Guaranteed Lowest Prices on All Major SUngla1S Brandl of Any Retail Store 
Ray Ban. Bucci. Carrera . Porsche Design. Vuamet. Gargoyle. Sunclolld & Manv More to ChOose From 

Open J days lnlghls er.ciftE,-s "'1l' Sc!n,~!,~ leader 
... Mel 1030 TOIIWI' ""* Rd. ( neod to 1'llIJlII-> ~. ClclIoM> :w,1 San o.golWe (neod toOldT.-. Mookxro c.-) 1l024III9 .......... 7«>FW St, (~~CMIIw) 

~) . 0wI0_ 11Clllloodiooav (Pltce llaroar) 422-8081 .... -., n7 E. San VIIao~ (McOonaIc11 no.r SIaIton)~.CI. ..(ClaRmantSQu.-~CenNr) 272-
8808 .1o .... 5600 GoaomontCentwDr,(~t~c.n .. ) 1>97·{Hn •• tC' ..... 1321-H EaoIV<*¥fIkwy. (_-...ag.Matt) 743-6762.0CI_2MO'.-aWQf#1(EJ 
camo NorIII. neod to Mad Joct(. ) 7ZUt:1J9 

DELIVERY THI 
WINNING THE WEST 

~i' OP~nF"io. 

--..... AQIM--.. -~­___ Al...wcr~ 
Tho u-noor III ~ 50rt Dogo _ 

hold • p ...... c "".,ing on Ihr Or_ 
_ III.,.a IIOpOft "'--"" on ... 
~ I\quirUtt .-.I 0<a1 -..,. C"-, 
"'" IU* I1lIIr*'9 .. _ pIo<2 on 

_Y.~z._ 

S:OO _- ---~ _111~, '-""~ 
JoIIo_~_III .. _ 

AquInURt _ north III -. "'" 
_-,, 11."' __ """_ 
-- ____ . "11 

WE' • SFARGO SIUDENT LOANS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the-
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
We Make It Simple: No additional bank forms 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer your ques-
tions. We appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose Wells Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank. Soon after you mail 
us your application, you'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more information, we'd be happy 
to help .. . phone or write us today! 
Call (BOO) 641-0473 Toll-Free 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

Wells Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
PO. Box 9368 
Walnut Creek, CA 94598 
c. 1985, WFB N A 

~ ., IIr .. --,. ........ 
...-.g_ll..OOO~ tt",, __ 

.,- .......... ---

.. -..-.-....... "---
--. -._--gllt""", 
............. 15.000~ ttal __ _ 
............... _ -...,.tang b' ]lID em 
_IIr-.aod. 

Tho _ 01 "'""-:"'" IS .,_ 
~an ... __ .-.I ... 

ttndIr9 III "'" DnIII Eo .. " .......... 

....... ------

__ or __ ... ..,.-.. 

"'" '-"'!I1bf"""" hi> "'" -..g __ A 
~ aI !hi! '-"'9 ... ... -- -inrudI!d ..... _ ~ '""'"" 
....... 1hr~mDld_ ... ItIp __ ... 
pubic -..g urwiI ~ 18. 1 __ During 
..... period. -. __ ...." IIr 
_tor irrlaton ., ".. r«DId by ....-.g: 

MI. _eoun 
--..a MgmL & I'IIrI*tg ().(lM 
u-noor '" ~ 50rt Diego ~ __ CotIorrU 92093 
1ElE1'HONE: 16191 452-2159 

Capos 01 !hi! Dr"" ~ III.,.a 
/iI!paIt .. - .. PWnIng~ 

MotI Codo~ 
~ oI~ s.tDiego 

~ __ C_92093 
TB.EI'HONE. (6t9I452-6St5 

c.AfT...,.-nAL~""'" 
1hr ~ 01 c-.... 50rt DtogD_ 

hold • puIJ_c """ing on .... Dr_ 
__ III.,.a IIOpOft "'--"" on ... 
~ c:erur __ . - IU* 
'-"'II'" .-pI.J<2 on 
_Yo SUit .ma._ 
5,00 p,m, - Con/wenc. -.. nfA. 
Ado •• ..,_ c.,.,.-. ~ ... _ 
IMI!I CiItMI DrM!, Tum .... on .. DrM!. 
pro<ft'd., ... _-~ 

IhII prqlOUIlltor "'" __ "" .. _ 
~ c..- ... uooo ....-
_ .... _._--
~4~OOO_ .... aI...-
1Ioor_. ""'_ ....... _aI 
35 loft .. 1"eIgI"O. ~ .. _ 3_ 
_ _ 0CD4Il" 5 ... *itft_""'" 
........ _Dy .. OrM._ 
__ ... __ Pl'l*ltmoon'" 

... ---~ 1hr _ ", ... ,.-: '-itg 11 .. _ 
~an ... ___ '" 

ttndIr9 of "'" DnIII 6 ... ' ...... ~ 

....... -----
_ _ OI_ ...... ~. 
"'" '-'"II tor """" hi> 1t1r'-itg ......... A cr.......,. 01 "'" r-tng ...... , __ 
inrudI!d .. "'" _ Eo .. o ........ III.,.a 
....... ~ 1hr hNrw1g -.ord_1Ir toopt __ ... 
poCIic '-"'9'" oc-2. I __ ~"" porod. -. __ ....,IIr _ 
tor tnCl.atan In "'" _ by .......... ' 

MI. ,...oo.C_ 
"""'c.e MgrrC. & I'IIrI*tg ().(lM 
u:-nocy d CoIiIorru. 50rt Ooogo 
~ __ 0ItIDmt0 9_3 
T£I£PHONE 16191 452·2159 
~ of .". Droit ErMronmI!ruI III.,.a 
~t¥e~~ .. 

.... """11 0IIic0 
_c-o-OO6 
UlMf"'Y of CioItIomto, 50rt Ooogo 

~ ..bIo1. CoIiIornto 9_3 
T£I£PHONE 16191 452-6515 

.. 

Colleges 
ConIinued &am ... 31 
education and by acting as 
architects of it. TheR are the 
reasons attribudl1f ro its 
outstanding popularity and 
higher number of applicants.· 

Muir's special "spots" are the 
Burnout Center. the Oouds Rest, 
and the Rarhskellar, a fast food 
shop beneath the Muir Cafeteria, 

"As far as activities and 
traditions. Muir has a lot of 
them. maybe even more than the 
other colleges: said Dean 
Dreilinger. including the Muir 
Bar·B-Q, Scavenger Hunt and the 
Annual Pumpkin Drop, 

John Muir Week, another 
campus fiesta, is made up of 
several special events such as a 
nature photography contest. 
fibns , lectures, p,ame5, and 
panies. 

To the north, Third College 
has a personality an its own. Uke 
the others, it's a coBege with a 
definite purpose and focus , 
striving to educate the minority 
student. 

"Third College programs have 
been guided by the conviction 
that education cannO( be 
divorced from the social 
imperatives of the times," states 
the University in Motion; a 
Historical Gui« to UCSD. Thus, 
Third ri~ of Martin luther 
King and the Civil Rights 
Movement with its programs and 
structure built on issues of social 
inequality. One program the 
college offers is the Leadership 
Training Camp. which focuses 
on cultural and ethnic concerns, 
Approximately 150 students 
attend the three day workshop 
in the mountains near Julian. 

Third's curriculum centers 
IrOWld its commitment to 
cultural awareness, evident in its 
courses in Chicano Studies, 
ColUEmporary Black Arts, Third 
World Studies, and Urban 
Sndics and Planning, an of 
which are part of Third's general 
education requirements . 

Some of this campus' special 
events include a cultural 
celebration with food and music 
from around the world, an 
annual energy conference ro 
debate energy related issues, and 
a "suitcase party" where 
panicipants bring packed 
suitcases. and the two names 
that are drawn from a hat \eave 
by limousine for a paid weekend 

somcwhe~ in the USA. 
Lut but nO( least is Warren 

College, the fourth and newest 
campus established at UCSD. 
Warren's focus centers on career 
development and imposes a 
responsibility to integrate career 
planning on srudents along with 
academics. Some of Warren's 
programs reflect this, such as the 
Scholars Program, a four year 
program in which students with 
outstanding scholastic 
achievement panicipate in a 
variety of external activities 
associated with career planning. 
Also, there is the Academic 
lruemship Program, which gives 
a junior or senior an opportunity 
ro earn units while working CuD 
or part-time in an off-campus 
job. Placements coneIate with a 
studeru's major areas of 
ICIIdernic study and career goals . 

Warren offers similar 
programs in programs of the 
health profnsion, health care 
social issues, lind a law and 
society. 

However ditleRl1l and UDique 
WURIl'S areas of concentration, 
like dte other campuses it aha 
hOltS various lilli_I evmrs, 
101M of which include the 
Ovemiaht IIic)de Rides, the 
Blood Drive. and BroombaB . 

.4~ e"S" ~dttu 
6:30 TO 1 0:00 PM 
MONDAY THROUGH 

WEDNESDAY 
BEGINNING 

SEPT. 30, 1 985 
group study, coffee 

& snacks 
fresh coffeel flavored teas I 

cookies l pastries, bagel dogs l 
quiche l burritos, soup & chili 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING MAJORS! 

The Air Force has openings for men and. 
women in selected science and engineering 
fields. To prepare you for one, you can 
apply for an Air Force ROTC scholarship. 
See what it can do for you. Contact the 
campus Air Force ROTC representative 
today. 

Call AFROTC at SDSU at 265·5545. 
AIR FORCE 

ROTC 
Gatew.y 10 a peal way oIliIe. 

Monday. ~ber 2.1. 198,5 JJ 
FEATURES 

Jewish Campus Centers 
of San Diego at UCSD 

Office of Religious Affairs 
Building B, Student Center 

452·2521 
Serving the campus community 

Jay Miller, Rabbi 
Jackie Tolley, Coordinator 

High Holy Days Services 
Join together with students in worship 

services for the campus community 
- YOM KIPPUR -

Tuesday evening, September 24 
Wednesday, September 25 

CALL 583·6080 FOR TIMES AND LOCATIONS 

Casual. Comfortable. 
californian. 

NEW ANTHROPOLOGY 
COURSES 

The A .. thropolOlY Department has 
added TWO NEW COURSES since pre .. 

registration la8t spring! 

AN 119: Society (7 CultUTe of the Himalayans 
TIH 4:00~5 : 20 - HL 1438 - Course Code 8923 
Instructor: Robert Paul 

AN 147: Ritual (7 Symbolism 
TIb 1l :30~ 12 :50 - EXT 142 - Course Code 8924 
Instructor: Robert Paul 

For coune deecrlpdom and further 
information, pleue 10 to the AnthropolOlY 

Department Offic:e, H&SS 8009 or telephone 
4S~1"'. 

BOTH COURSES 
OFFERED FOR THE 

FIRST TIME 
nus QUARTER!! 

• 

'. -

• 



3-' Monday, Septcmber 23, 1985 

Home Federal's new checking 
accounts are bound to interest you. 
Especially if you're intere ted in 
earning higher interest. And 
certainly if adventure and travel 
intrigue you. 
HIGHER INTEREST 
Are you earning any interest at all on 
your checking account? Everyone at 
Home Federal is. They earn interest 
on every dollar, every day. So why 
shouldn't you? 

It's easy. And with our new 
Insured MoneyMarket Checking 
account, you can even increase the 
interest you earn- just keep $1 ,000 
on balance. Keep $5,000, and your 
rate is higher still. 

LOWER MIMMUMS 
That same $1,000 is all you now 
need for free checking. Plus, you'll 
receive 200 Home Federal image 
checks absolutely free. 

You 'll also be free to access your 
money 24 hours a day. Because 
the same day you open your 
account you'll walk out with our 
AnytirnecardsM good at over 100 
AnytimeTellerssM and 1,000 Star 
SystemSM automated tellers 
statewide. 
HIGH ADVENTURE 
Check at any Home Federal office 
today and enter our Adventures with 
Interest Sweepstakes. You could win 
a holiday of a lifetime in the Swiss 
Alps, a cruise through exotic Tahiti , 
a Plymouth Colt or Plymouth 

Voyager Magic Wagon and a wild 
west vacation, or other great prizes. 
But be sure to enter before 
September 30. 

So come explore the benefits of 
banking at Home Federal. You'll 
discover we bring added value to 
the things that interest you most. 
Entrants must be 18 or older and a California W'rl 
resident. No purchase necessary. _ 

Viait your nearest Home Federal oftIce today. 
Or ca1I 1-800-554-2626 for current ratea ~ IDfOt u .1100. 

ASSETS OVER $9 alWON 0 OVER ISO OFFICES SERVING CAUFORNIA 0 HOM[ f!S)JRAL SAVINGS AND L<MN ASSQCIAnON 
CHECK THE YELLOW PAGES FOR THE OmCE NEARE.\i YOU. 

Monday, Stpfembtr 23, 1985 3' 

OFFICER TRAINING SCHOOL 
WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? 

Air Force Offlcer Training School has a lot to offer you. Com-
pleting this three-month school could be the first step toward a 
challenging and rewarding career. We offer a good starting 
salary ... an opportunity (for those with spedal qualifications) 
to do graduate work at little or no cost ... complete medical and 
dental care ... 30 days of vacation with pay each year ... low 
cost life Insurance . .. and much, much more. We also offer you 
experience. . . Air Force experience. It all adds up to one of the 
finest opportunities available to young men and women today. 
Find out more about Air Force Officer Training School and 
what It can mean for you and your country. Contact 

TSp To. Pent.to 
1775 Ae ... Dr., Stdt.3H 

Sa. Diqo, CA 92123 
293-1737 

ALMOST ALL OF 
THE ROOM 

ASSIGNMENTS FOR 
THE SUBJECT A 

COURSE (SDCC 51) 
HAVE BEEN 

CHANGED. CHECK 
A REVISED 

SCHEDULE OF 
CLASSES FOR THE 
CORRECT ROOM 

NUMBERS. 

Give your student living quarters a touch of class with fashion furni-
ture from Aaron Rents. You can furnish your place in style at rates that 
are gUBf8nteed to be the lowest in town. W9 offer next-day delivery 
and a convenient short minimum rental period, and our decorator 
showrooms are full of quality, up-to-the-minute furniture so you can 
make your place a real home away from home. Come to Aaron Rents 
and see for yourself why more people rent furniture from us than any 
other company in the country. You)re sure to AnENTlON MUIR GRADUATING 

SENIORS FALL 1985 discover that the reason is . 
IF YOU PLAN TO GRADUATE FALL QUARTER. 1985. 
YOU MUST HAVE A FINAL DEGREE CHECK AND 
SUBMIT A DEGREE AND DIPLOMA ApPLICATION 
J1'O .. M TO THE ACADEMIC ADVISING OFFIC~ BY 
OCTOBER 1 1. 1985. 

.,.-

",'" 'f/d" [' #~'41aron Rents 
EITHER COME IN TO. THE ACADEMIC ADVISING 
OFFICE. Hass 21 26. OR CALL. 4!52-3S80 TO 
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT . 
-----OON'T DELAY-----

IF YOU DO NOT MAKE A FINAL DEGREE 
APPOINTMENT. AND KEEP IT. BY OCTOBER \~/ Furniture® 

.... .,.' 
.... _----

6331 :~v= Ave. 287.8485 
The NatIon's Largest Fumlture Rentlll and SaJea Company 

1 1, YOU WILL NOT BE EUGIBLE TO 
GRADUATE FALL QUARTER. THERE WILL BE 

------NO EXCEPTIONS .. - ---
REMEMBER THAT AT MUIR COL.L.EGE YOU MUST 
HAVE COMPLETED AT L.EAST 1 80 UNITS FOR A BA 
DEGREE OR A B.S. DEGREE IN PHYSICS (AT L.EAST 
1 92 UNITS ARE REQUIRED FOR AL.L. OTHER B.S. 
DEGREES). MUIR COLLEGE REQUIRES A MINIMUM 
Oil' 18 UPPER-DIVISION COURSES (72 UPPER-
DIVISION UNITS). SOME MAJORS MAY REQUIRE UP 
TO 23 UPPER-DIVISION COURSES (FOUR UNITS 
EACH) TO GRADUATE. 



1:.':,· .. ,',1':.1.·.·:"'1':.·.·.·.·','1'.1:'·:."·'1'.'.11':" ,"1':::".'.'1' 1:,1::" ,"'1:::",',"1':":'-"." ······:1· W::::I'::::I' "\':::1 I ,,,If' ." ." , .... , tUI H ... " , .... ., .tlUII .U." , .. " ..... • ... " ...... ."... • 
'. 

1' ''' 1'. tI,fll' " ''' l't ". 11 1'. .t , .. .. '. tI' " . 'If "". lI, fI ,. ". ., ""I •• ,., ..... 
,. '1, '''' "~'I U, ... · ,'It ... . ,'It , .. , "~It U , .. , ,'It ,. " h. ,1. , .. , ,'It ,1." .. 'It ,... '.'::,'" ':::,', '.'::,', '.':: . 
,1,,1,, ": ,,, .. 1,, ": 11 ... 1, ,,: ,,, .. 1, ": ,,, .. t/,· ·: ,,, .. 1, ": lI ... t/, ": ,,, .. t/, ··: ,,, .. ".:. .. h... 1," hi ,'.' h" 1, ': hIt 
'"11" '. '"'"111 '. '"1111/" "".,,,, ' '"1111" '. \ 1111"'" "11111" '. ""'tt,, ·. '"l1l1tt . . "'1'1"" . ""'IH', "'I""" ""'1" 
'""" 11111"'" 1111111111 ' 1","",, ' \11'""" 11111111'" \""11'" \"'"tt" 1""111" 
"""" 1"'''111'' I""""" I""""" 1"'''111'' ""III",' I""""" I""""" I",,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,, I"ltltll" ""'""" """11111 ,,, ... ,,' 
"'.""',','1' '.'."""""','1' '.'.""""',','1' '.'.""""',','1' '.'."""""',"~'.'."""""'.'I' '.'.""""',','i' '.'."""""','1' '.'.""""',','1' '.'."""""','1' '.'.',','," ',',',',',',',',',' ',','.'.'" ""'" ',','.',',',',', tlull ''''''" , .... ,,, , .... ." ,'11,, " , .... ,,, , ..... " , ..... " , ..... " , ..... " ,"u., ,'u ... , , ' If.,,, ..... ', ..... " tt.fI " .... .. , "" ." ... "" ..... ,' ....... .. ... ff , .... ' ..... ., 
""', , .. . ,', '''' '' I ," ''' , '" "" ''''' '1 '"' '' ' ,"If', t"'''1 ... .,'1 ' .. " .... " ... .. 
" ... ,. ,I. " ... ,. ~ " ... " " ... ,. " ... " U , .... " ~ ''' .. " ... .. " ..... " .. ... ,. ~'.. , .. .. " .. .. 
,."". tl' ''' ''. tl .... h, fl. .... ". fl, .. ·". fl .... ". tI" · .. ,,, f~''' '' h' f/,' ''· h. f~,,· .. ,.. ,.. , ... ". f" " 
, .. : '"111/, '" 1111111, '" 1111111, " ' 11 .. .11, ," '"l1tl," : '"1111, .:: '"111" .:: '"111" .:: '""1,, .:: ,",,1, .:: ... '"" " .. 
,. 1111111" " 1111111" " '"111", .. 1t'1I11/1 ·· \11111111 '. 111'"'" . ""'"" . '"'"'" . IItUIIII 1111",11 . ':1""11111 ' . 
. ,' 1,,",",, ' \""11"" '"11'"'" \"'"1111 ' \""11'" Itllllll" '"1111111 111'"11" \1111'"'" 1"'"1111 '"11"" 
"\",,,,,,,, I",,,,,,,, \""u"" I",,,,,,,, I"",,,,,, It",,,,,,, I"",,,,,, \"",,,,,, \""""" 1""11"" \""'''''' "1,, 

I, "" ""1' """"1'"'' ""~ '" "" "i'" "" "I' """ "I'"'''' "I'" """I"'"'' "I".... '''''' , "'"'' "1"'" "'" "'"'' ", 
, ", .... " "'" .. " """"'1""11" ",.U", ".11.'" "It .. ", "till'" "" .. ", "... "'"'' , ",UII" " ..... " ",II.", ,U"", , ... ,,, , '"'I'' ' 'U', .. , ,'Itt'"~ ,,, .... , , .... ,,, , ... ,'" '""''' ,tlltfl' '''" ' ' .... ' " ".It", \I ..... , 

Ittl fl' .... ", .. It,ll ItI' ''' .... ", .. ".11 """, .... ", ",I,ll It"'" U." , , " .... , Itll'" tt.tt ,' 
I , .. "" ,II II ' i', 1""', ,lt ll' l ''''' ' i' , •• fI' i' r~ """i', , .. "' ,,~ ,.tI"l' , .. "" I" " • '" '''1 ''''''1 1""'1 I 
, ~ ... " 'It ~ .... . "It H " ... " ~ " ... ,'I ,J.' .. .. ,'. ,J." ... "uDl , .... ,', ~ ' .... ' .. (h , .... ,', U ..... " ,I."" .,. " .. ·It fJ.' .. .. 1t " ... " 
' .... 111, '. '.:' 1'.',',',*, ': ·:··1'.',',',*,·.··:··,'.',', ,11,'···:··" .... ,,1/, '. :·::,'.',',,1/, '.:.:: ,'.','",/, '.:.:: ,'.','.'.1,',··:·:··''.',' .... //, '.:.:. ·,' .... MI, '·:·:··1' .... .'.1/,'·:·:·· . : ''.'''''~' ': .:: ,'.',',,11, ':.:: ,' .... " ,,':,::,'.','11 I. 
'1111'" 11111'1/1 ' 111111"" ","",, ' 11111"" . ""111" . ""'"" . 1111'"', . 11111111' . It II II'" . 1111'"" . .. "'"11'" '"'"", '. 11111'1/1 '. 11111'" 
"'"'" \",,,,,,, ' \"'"11'" 1111111"" \11,""" \""'"'' \""'"11 \"'""" \" .. ,"" \"'""" \" .. "''' . 1""11111 ' \1111"'" \111111'" \"11111. 
'''''''' 1"'''''"1 """"", III'''''''' \",,,,,,,, \""'''111 \""'"'" \",,,,,,,, \""''''' ' \""""" \"'''''''' '"""11" \"''''''" 1"""",, ,,,''"'' 
'''' "1"'"'' "i' """ "1"'"'' "I'"'' '" '1""'" "I"""" '~'" """~'"'''' "I"'"'' "1"'" II "I ""'" "I'" "" "i'" """1'" "'" lit.", " .... ", " ..... " " .... ", " .... ", ""IIH' ",tI .. " "."U"~'"U,'" "Uti", " .... ", , ", ... ", "I"''' ' " .... ", " .... " "If II """ 11 ,"II'" "'"' " , ..... " , .... ", , .... ", , ..... " .', .. ", ''''''', ,111f' " ,1111 '" , ..... " "'U", ,Il"" III'" .... ", ..... 11 .... ,,' tt'"'' .. 11,11 "t"" "lfll' "II' " , .... " ,,, ... , .... ", t,II' " "" .. , .. It", 
..... , ~' ..... ''' ... , ..... . , .... .. , .... .. , ~ , ..... , "''''''~ , .... . , " .... "J ...... "U, ...... , ...... , , ..... , .... .. 
..... ,,' ..... , .... ... f' ..... ,. " ... " Z ... .. '"~ ..... '" ~ , ... . " 'J~ ....... "I. '"'' '' (l " ... '"fl, ' ..... '" ~ ..... " *" ... .. *, .... , 
... ·""'1,,, .. , .. ,I,· .. ·h.ll" .. ·h. '1,· .. · "tII~,· · .. h,11" · .. " .. IJ" .. ·h,7',·· .. hllfl" .. ·hIlIJ,, .. ·,11.11,' .... "" , " " h, , .... h. ," " , 

," . '"1111,' " 1111111, '" '"111,,' " '"1111, ": 11111'" ": ""'1/1 ": IlIlIli, ": 11111 " .. : \11111,," : '"1111, ": 11111111 ' .. : 11111 " .:: 11111 II .:: 1,," II .:: ', 
,. '"1111,, "1111111" " 1"'''1/1 '' ","',,, ' 1",,",, ' \"'"'11 ' 1111111/1 ' 1",",,/ ' 1"'"1/1 ' ""111/1 '. \""1111 . . 11111'1/1 . ""'"11 . ,,,"'''' . " 
., ' \""'''', . \"""/11 '11""",, ' \"'"",, ' \11""/11 ' I""",,, ' \"",,,,, . \""",,, ' \""",,, ' \",,,,,,, \"'""" . \""'"'' \""""1 \"",1/" \" 
"\""'''"' I" .... "" \"'''''111 1"'''"1'' 1"'''''111 \""'''" ' \'''''''" ' \""""11 II"""", ''''''III'' \"""1/11 ""111111 '"''"''' ""'"111 '''''III '' """11 "'''11111 ""'11'" " .. "'", 1""",," \"'''''"1 \""""" \" I"'''''"I'''''''"I'''''''"I'''''''"I'''''''"I'''''''"~'' ""'"~'" """I"" "'"1""'"''1''' """~"'" ""~ '"'''' II ~ '''''"''~ """'''~ '" """~ '"''''''~''''' "" ~"'"'' '' ~ """'"~ ''''' I/"~ '" "" II ~ "'"'' "~" ''''' ''~'' '"''"I''' , "u .. ", " .... ", ",U.,II ",.tt", "U"", """'"~''I''t ''' " .... ", ",tI.", ".1 .. '" """'" """"/~""""'a"I"""a"I"''''~'''U'( '' ~' '''tt", ~ ",ul''' ~ ''''''''' ~ "11I"" ~ "I'""' ~"""'" """'" ",I"'" """'" " ,,, .. ,,, ,.IU '" ,11'1'" , .... ", ,,,tI,,, UI"'" ~"'I' ''' H'lt.I '" "'1" ,, It'I"" ", .. ", 1" 1"" 1""'" ,11'1'" ,.1 1 •• " lit I"" Itll" " 1""' " fJ 1.'1" " ,11 11' " 1,,1"" ~"IH'" ~' I'tt'" , .. "", '11'"" " ",.. .. " .... , " .... , ,II'''' "..... ",.... 'II'''' ...... , "..... " .... , "'".. " ..... U .. " .. ·"I., ...... ,U , .. , .. . U " ..... ,~ ", .. .. '1 ,,, .. .. ,,, .. " ... ,'/ "." .. ,'/ ,.... .. .." .. " "..... .. .... , ~" .. '" , i, '1~',',':·::,'.f/J.*',',·.·.::,'1t '~J'."'." :" '" '1.~" "':·::"tI ~""":'::"II ~~', .. '. .. ::,',.1~,','.':·::,',',I~',',·.··::,',',~~',· ..... ::,',. 'J~""':.::",,~ ',':.··::,','.~~',·.'.··::,',·m,',·.·:·::,'.',~,',·.·:·::,',',* '.······:· ·I""«','··::·::"",~, '.···: ·::,'.',~~, ' ....... : I'."'~'I'··::·::""'«' '.·.·:.::1'."«' '.'.':.~: ,',', ~, '.'.'.'.:.''''''~''''.':'::'''''~'''''':'::''.'. 'J~" '::'::"It~~' It 1" ":. ,"114, ":. It, 1" '''. '" 1" '''. Ittll , ":. 11111" ":. ,"11,,' ':. 1t1l1" '''. Itlll , " :. 11111',· ... ,"111, · ... ,",1" ":. ,".,,, ":. '"1111· ... 111,,1/ '" 1111111 ' ". IIIIW ' ':. 11111/' · ... ",,111· ... ","l,' ':. 'lillI, ":. '"I/II ":. IIII'f' ":. 111m' · ... Itl 7" '''. 1111' , 
"' f' · .. '"11 " ',, 11111 II ':. '"11 ,,':.1111' ,, ' .. 11111 ,, ' .. ""1111 ' .. '"11 ,, ':. 11111 ,, ' .. \1111 II " . 11111111 ':. 11111 ,, ' .. 11111''' ' .. \""11/':. \111111/ '::\1111"' '' \1111''' '. I"",,, ':. \"",,, ':. \1111''' '. \1111''' ' . \11"11/ ' .. \11"",' .. ",''", ':. 11111 1/ ':. 11111', 111'/11 ""11/1, '"11111' 1111111" \1111"', 1111111/1 ",","/ '"11"" 1111'"" 1,,",", ' 1111''''' 1111'"" 111111'" \"""" It"",,, \""'',, ' \"'''''' \'"'"'' \,,,,,,,, \" "1111 \""1/'" \"ltll" \'"11/,, II""", \11'"11' \'"11" 
"''',, ' """"" '1"",,," ' 1""",,, ' \""'"" '\"""", '\"""'', ' \"""'', ' \"",,,,, '\,,",,,,, '\11",,,,, ' I"""", ' \""11"" \""",,, '\,,,,,,,,, ' \",,,,,,, ' \""'"'' '\"""", \"",,,,, ' \"""''' \",,,/,,, ' \". ,,,,,,' \' '''''''' ' \""",,, ' \".,,"" .\"'''". 
"""" \"'''''''' \""""" '"'''''''' \"'111"" 1""'''"1 III''''''' ' \"""'"' \",,,,,, ,, I"",,,,,, II"""", ,,,,,,,,,,, \"""'"1 \"''''''" \"''''''11 \"'''''"' """"'" \""""11 1""'''"1 \"'''''"' \'"''"''' \"''''11'' 1",,,",,, \""'''"1 \""'''''' \""111/ 
.... "1" , .... "I'"'H·''I'''·· .. ''I''' .... ''I''' "" "'''' "tt "~ ,It .... "~ '''' .. '''~' "''''''I'''''''''~' "'u."~"' .... "~'" It ""~'" H' fll ~'"'' I" ' ~ l" III "'~ ''''. If" ~ ""'ff"~ '" I"' "~ ''' H"II ~ ""II' "~' ~""" tI~ ", "t"'~'"tlf'''~'''''''' ' .".", ".U., II " ... ,,,, " .... ", ", .... " ",,,.,,, "1'tI "' ~''''It'' ' ~''tt .. ", "" .. ", ".tI"" '"''" lI

a
'''''' ''' "HII " / ~""'fI " rJH III"" ~" IIII'" rJ ,,'H., II f .• "'ltl'" fJ ,,,IIII U rj "tllIlI / ~ "'"/'1I '"Itt'''~''''tf'' ' ,,'If.'" ""tI" 

'"'" '""'' ' '''''''' ,1'"'" ,"1'"' '''''' '' ,,,., ,,, ,11.tI " ,,,.,'" ~'''''' '' ,tt"'" ,,,.,'" ,,,,,.,, "''''" ,'1"'" fj ,11 11'" ,,,Ip " fj "'"II' 0 "1 1'" ' 0 ' 1"' "' 0 '11'" '' 11111'" ~'tl lt." Iltll'" lit'" '' ,tt""' 
,,'.'/,',' ',':.'::,' ~ '.','.',':,' ',':,',',',' ',':.',',',' U.l .... ·,' .. ,',' ~ '.'.'.',',',' ,J. '.'.',',',',' U '.1.'.',','/ U '."',',',',' g '.':.',','.' u ,,'.',',',',' ~ ........ ','." ~ '.\',',',',' ~J '.'.'1','/,' 't~ ..... ,1.','." '~J \ ...... '.',' "0 '.'. .... ' .. ,' '.n \""':,'/ \tu '.'.'.',',',' 't .. \\'.'.','/ ' '~J ...... ',',',' ,I. '.'.'.',',',' ~ ....... ,',',' ~ \"'.',',',' g '.,,'.',',',', 
','::: ,'I ~~ ','::: "~It ~ '.'::: ,'I u~ '.'::: ,'I ~'.'::: ''.'" ','::}' '~J ','::: ,'II til '.'::: ,'Ml, '.'::: "~It tl, ·.·::: "I/t/, '.'::: "lItl ".::: ,',WI, '.'::: ,',',~,., '.'::: "",~~, .:::: ''.'I~''' ·,·::: ''.''~~', ':::. " .... l" '.'::: ,'.',W,·.·::· ,' .... 1I/ '.'::' ,' .... //, '.'::' I'."~" '.'::' ,'.'.1"/ '.'::: ,'.W/, '.'::: ,'M/, .'::: "M/, ','::: ' 
... ,",7" ... ,'" "' .. . " .. 14, ... ,"11 "'I","r, ... " .. 7" "'1'"1/1' ... \""W ... \'",,,, "' \""111 ... ,'"111, ... \'"1111 ... \'"1111 ... \""11' ... \111'"/ ... \'"11" .. \111"" .. \' ","/ ... \111"" .. \"11''' . \1 """ .. \""," ... \'""" ... \1 111111 .. . \"'1/1, .. \' 
'" 1111 II .. '"''' .. '"''' .. 1111 , .. III''' .. '"' 1/ .. ""/11 . 11'11" . . 11111/' 1111''' . '"11" .. ""11/ . "'"" . '"111/ "'"" """/ ""'" ""'" '''111/ ""'1/ ""'" """, ""'" ""'1/ ""',, ' , 
'. ""11''' . '""'"' '''"1111 . ""'"'/ "'''"/1 . \'"11'/1 \""",, ' \"""" \""",, ' \"'"111 ' \"'"/1' \",,,/,, \"""/1 \""11/' ~ \"""'" \11""" \,,,,,,,, ' \"",,,, ' "',,111, \'"11''' \"''",, ' \"""'" \"""" \"""/, "\'''' '',, ' ', 
" \",,,,,,, \""'''" '\''''1'''' 1"","" '\",,,,,,, \""'"11 ' \""',, ,, ' \"",,,,, ' \"'''''" '\''''''',, ' \""''", ' \"", ,, ,, ' \"",,,,, \"",,,,, \",."/,, \", .. "" \11""//1 \""1111, \""/",, \11" "/" \'"'''''' \"",,,,, ' \"''''' 11 \"'''''11 ' \""""1 \" 
" \"""",, \""""11 I""""" I""""" \"'''''"1 \''''''''' , \""",,,, \""""" \"''''11 '' \"'''''", \"'''",,, \"''''''" \'''''"'' ' \11"'"1/1 \", .. ,,/1, \111111/1 11 \"'''''' '' \"'''"' 11 \'"1111'" \'""'" '' \11'''''11 ' \"""'"1 \"'"11' 11 \11'''''"1 ""'111'" \" . ~ ''' .... ''1'' · ''''''1'' '"''''1''''' u "I' """"1" 'I' ""~' "' ... "~"" tUI'~'" Ittl"~'" Itl'"~''''' If "~'" II If"~'" I, I"/~ '" "I"'~ H' t I f '''~'' 1I.1f "'~ '" H If" ~ " "I" "~ " I II ""~ '" III fl / ~ Il '" II " ~ '" till" ~ \\ 'It If" ~ I" I"'''~ "'tttf "~' .. ' ~"H"'" "'U.,,, "ttt"" ""It,tI "" .. ,,, "u .. "' ~"" "'" a'H''t ll' ~''''' II'' ~''tt'' ''' "'1,,11, "II"'" '"''''' ' ,,,llfI" ~ "I"tI" 1111 .. 11' z ttll ill " \tltll' " Z"III.", ~ "'"I '" "till'" Z"II"" ' ZUlli"" Zltllll'" ".lItl lI " 
I'''''u, , .... ", '""' ,' ''''' ''' 1'·IIt'II 'U .. ,,' ~' IIII'" ~"'If '" ~" I"'" 'lit'''' 111 1,,,, 111""' ,.tt'''' ~ ,,,II '"~ I""'''' ~ '''till ' ' 1'1" '" ~ 11,," 11 11111 11 ' . '11"' " ~ '''''"' 1.11 .. 11 ,II" '" ItlllI lI ~ 'II'f' " " ' ~"I" " U",II "II'" "fil II a"' I.JII .... '" "tt, ." tI" II ' ,1"fI' fll lf" ~ ""II" ~ tI" II ' ~ tlllf " ~ It,ll I' , III" " '~' 1'1" " , r_. 111" '" 'J 111" " , fJ 'I"" ' , III" " ~ rJ II"" ' , r. I'II" ' I~ "'''' ' '~ 1111 11 ' ,til' " H' \, ~' "''' ' ~"" ... , f" .... ·' f''' .... ' ~' .... ·h ' .. · .. h 1', ,,· .. ,,'I,, .. · .. ,,'1, , .. .. ·h'I, ,,· .. h'I, ,, ... · ,,~/ ,,, .. · ,,'~, .. , .. ·,,'I , .. .. ·,,'." .. · .. ·,,1'.1/ ,,, ,,, "',,,, ,, ,,, ,,,0 .. .... "','/J,, ..... ,,',IJ ' .. .. ·"I'} .. .. .. ,,',0 ' ..... ,,'~ , .. ... "If', ..... ,'~ ' .. ... "~' \I ' .... '"11.1 " ... .. '1 .. • .. " 11 .. .. ·\1' "..... .. ... .. , fl , .... , ,1i .. ... , 11 .. ... , 11,' .... . , 11 .... . , (l · .... 1 1" " ... , 11 .. .. ·, rt .. .. ·1 , ... .. , " ... . , " .. ... \ / .. .. I " ... .. \ fl ... ·1 " .. ... , ' " ... , fI .. ... , r, ... .. , r, 
, f~' .:::\"",'1, ':::1,",11, ':::,",',/1, ':::,"" ", ':::,",,,IJ, ':::,,,,,,~, .:::\,.' .. ,',', .:::.,,',',,',', ·:::\,,'11.'1, ·:::\' .... 11'/, .:::\"',',,,', ':::\,,',',,1, ':::1' ,','II'.', .:::\\ ,' .... ",., '::. \1 ,' ........ , .: ': \' ,·N .... , ':::11 ,' .... N, .:: \I,'N,',', .. \\ ,'Nil, ':. \' ,'.',,',', .:: \,,· .... N, ·:::\,,','11'.', '::. \,,'.',',',', .:::\1 .... 11'1, ":. \1 .... 11'1, 
"' " .. 111111, .. 11111" .. , ,1" .. ",,1/, .. ,,,11, .. ""''' " ",1/,' 1/ . ""''' .. """, . ",'1/, .. ""/11 . """, . ""111 . 11111/, ''''1// . "1/1/, . "''", ' "'"'' '''1/11 11111/1 ""'" ""'" 1111''' ' II"", 
"'11, . \11111111 . \111111/1 . """1/1 . ""III/I . It""11' . """"' . \''', . " \'""''' \1111'"' \'''/111' \'"/1/" . \"'"11, \''''",, ' 1111111" \'"'''/, \''"'", ' \"''",, ' \"'''111 ' \11"11" \""",, "\"""" "\11''''', ' \11 '''", \1111'" 
"",,, \"""11' \"'''"11 ""''',,, \"'''"11 \""'"" \""",,, . II ' \"'''"',' \"""'', ' \""",,, ' \"""", \"""", ' II"""" \""'''" \""""1 \"""'" \""""' \''' ''''" \"",,,,, \""11/11 \"",,,,, \"'''"11 \"'''''" \",.,'" 
""", \"''''''" \"''''"'' \""'''"' \"''''"" 1"""",, \"'''''"' 1/1 \"'''"11' \''''''"11 \""""" \""""11 \"'''''"1 \", ... "" \""''''11 \"'''''"1 \""'''"1 \""""" \""""11 \"'"1111 ' \"""11" \"''''"'' \"''''''" 1'''''''"1 \", .. ,,' 
"""1'''''11''1'''''''''1'''''''''1'''''''''' " .. t.u " "" ... ", . ' ~ '''I ''''/~''''ttl '' ~ ,,,,tI.,, '''HIt'' ~ "".""~' " ' I" "~ ,,, .. It" ~ '''IIH''~ HPI' f"~ 'ttltlt" '~ ''' .. .,'''~ '''tll'' / ~ "I'tI"'~ ""ltf"~ H'I"f" ~ '''''"II~ """'" II.", "'U.,,, 'HUU" tt'U" " ,,,I"'" "U .. II' """,,, " ~ ,,""'" ""If"'~"I"" II lit .. " ~ '"'''''' """"/ ~- ,II''''' ' ~ "'IIIf " ~ ""tf." ~ "'III'" .,,'ltll" . "1111'" ~ ""II'" Z """" / ~ "tllI" ' ~ '"'It'' / ~ ''''I'' ' 
III'" ' .... '" ''''1

111 
"" • ." ,,,1111 ""." ,.1 .. 11 .. ~' "'II" ,'II"" ~ '"'' '''''"' 1," '1.,' 1.11",1 •• " ~ 'IIII'" . 1"11'" ~ "lIfI" ~ t"" ' '' 'I, \I''' ff' i''I ''''fI '' 1'''''' '' Z'It.,,,, ~I 'II''' ' ~ "" .. " ,11" '" 

•• ,,' ~"If '" 1''' ''' 1\"'" Uilil ~ uti'" I\tt" ' , III" ..... ,. . IIIII " l.,I ,' .... ' , ,,11 11" ,/ IIII "' ~ 'III " ' " 1111 ''' ", 11 """ '" tlllI " "1 1\'"111, ntl"" Hillfl IItl llI ~ .. "" . 
, t" ' ,. ,III" 't rt It I " I h r, ,II " ' " ."" • ~J '" II , h fJ III " I " 'l ilt" P to .. , • III "' , f PI" ' , JJ tit "" r. \I" " , . , II "j , t. III' '" IJ , 1111 " 'I ,.. '" 'I , If , , . , ~ '"" " ~ ''' '' ' I 
''': h, ~" ": '" ~' ... :" ~". " '" Z~" .. : liN, ""·I"N, ,, ,,, ,"tI, ,,.. . ,I .. .. ,,' .... ' ... . \,'JJ' ..... .. '.'H ... .. "' .. ,,, .. .. ·1.' .. " , .... \" .... ' · .... ','t'll ,,· .. \t'M .. .. ·,Ml " ... ,', ~ ... .. ,' , " ... , 
'::. '"11 , '::. h., '::. ltll/ ,':::hll'I" ::. '"fI "::,"",,":: ""W" ;r::.l,i'ii,· ·:. ~ .. : \",,'l,· ·:. ,,, .. \\1"/, · .. ·,,,,'.'.', · .. ·1 .. 11' .. ,· ... , .. II .. , · .. :,\lII'/, · .. ·, .. ,", .. .. , .',"~, · .. ·II'I"lI' · .. ·, 
.. \1111 " " III" " .. '"11 " .. '"11 f' " 11111 ' .. III'w, ' . \""11/ ' , .. \"",,, ' .. \11''',, ' \11"'- . \11 1111' " \"" ',, ' \"""' '' ""'1/1" 1""11' ''' \11",,/ ' " \11"'" '" 1"",,, ' \, 
'. 1"""I1 .It'"I11' . ""11''' . ""111" . '11", """", ' \""",, ' " \",,,,,, ' \ ,. \",,,,,, ' \'"11/,, 111 """"" \'""", ' \"""" "",,,,,,, "\,,,,,,,, ' \" ,,,,,, "\,,,,,,,, "\,,,,,,,, "\1 
, """"" 1"",,,,, III,,,,,,, \""'"11 ,,,,,, ' \""',,,, ' \"""'/1 /I ' \'''''''" \ 1/ \""'''" \",,,,,,, " """'" \""1'/" \"""//1 \"""", '\""""' \"'''",, ' \"",,,,, ' \""",,, ' \" 
, \"'''''" , \""""" 1""'''/11 \"""'111 ""111 """11111 \"'''''11' ", \"''''''' ' \, "\",,,,,,,, \"""111. II '''"11 11 \"'""' 11 \"'""'11 \"'''''"1 \"'''''"1 \'''''''111 \"''''''11 I,,,,,,,,,, ,,, 

I
"U' "'1' """"1"""'''1'''''''' 'f'"I''' H''''~'''"If ''' '~"' .. .," ~' '~"'I'''"~''''''''' ' ., "It . .,~, "".""j '"tllf'' /~'''"II''I''' .. ''''~''''fI., /~'''tll'''i''''''.,''''' " ..... " I\.U.,II ,,,, .. ,,, ".1 U., ,, "111I"/ ~"'tt''' ' "~" tI'"" B' ' ~" "If"' ~ "III'''' 111111 11 I\ .. fI ' I ~ "'Ill'" ,,11""' "It''' "~lttll flll ""fI'" "tI .. ", " "t l " " ''''III' 1.1 .. '" ,H't ."" ,'"11" ,,,"lfl I H'"I'''' ~ . Zlll"'" ZI II'." ', 1.1 1" " 1II I' f :.11 ,11 1" " ~"'If'" ,II'" '' IItI''' ' Itt"" ' ,"U'" ,. 

I II"'" 1""11' .. "", ,\I" .. ," H"'" ~' tI"" 1t,1 '" I III" " tl"' " III' " II, I! ' ,.,1" " ' . I"" " ,III' " g 'I"' " .".", ,I.lt " • ~,,, ... , U .. • .. ·, " .... , ,,,. '"' ' "'''' '' ,,,... , U',,· .. , fJ. , U .... .. , fl , .. ... , ,.. . fl ,,, .. ·, " .. .. , fl '" ''' ' ,J ,,, ... , ''' ... , ' 
I, fI, '.':::,','. ,t ',':::,'.' ~"':::"'" q,',':: :::,',',', ~ '::::''.'1171':::: ,I".t~ '.'::.'.1,',11 1(1/ .:::: "' • .11 .... " ,v ., I '.'::1 r -~- ~1t,~" '::: ,"'1 ~".':." ,'"(I,':::: ,,,' g, '.':::," fl',':::," fJJ 1.,11, .. ·,,,.m, "· \I'I' ""' \".,1" ,, .. 11.''''' ''' '"111,' '' ' . .... ....t ... · I .,. ~ . "I.. .... !!I1fL. .'"W .. . ,"11, . " fl ... .,. .... '!) .. 
'"''' '' '"111", '' ''''' "' '' ''Itt'I/I '' w, .. ··I ...... ! ... , 11 11111 """111" . It II 1111" . 'lilli',,, ' "~~l.\.I.i.I--:~ 
'"'''' III'''''''' ,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
""" , , "",.,,,, Ittl 



r----------------------------------------------------------------------, 

IND 
Clip and save this guide to local stores, stages, saloons & stations 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Mro 5pKc Museum 
Balboa Pane 
234-8291 
lWcer Gallery _ 
828 Prospect 
<456-0828 
The Galleria at a.. Jolla 
7868 Girard 
<459-<>622 
tWI of Chemplons 
1<439 El Pr~ 
234-45<42 
La Jot .. Museum of Contcmporery Nt 
700 Prospect 
<454-35<41 
Mu~of~.IH.~ 
Balboa Pane 
232-3821 
Old Town Ordc Gallery 
2501 San Diego Ave. 
296-2596 
"",*"..,e.y Gllay 
7468 Girard 
459-1800 
s.n DIe90 MuICuIII of Nt 
BeIboII Pane 

232- ';' ~31 

lEW,*" Tribune 
299-<41<41 
La JoIII Lisht 
459-4201 
LA. TIIna 
231 -1433 
s.n DIqo Union 
299-4141 I. 

Radio Stations 
.100rM 
57~1234 
~AM76 
292-5362 
ICGI FM 101.5 
292-1360 
Concert info: 268-1 015 
•• FM 106.5 
56~ 
Concert info: 268-1065 
ICSDO 1170 ~o 
283-7121 
91-X rM 
236-9872 

ADVERTISING 
452-3466 

On 
.-r .... 
452-3673 
All ..... \4IntII 
452·2733 
1I.lalllll 

452-~ 
ea .... &-, 
452-38!V 

----..... 452-457. 

Movie Theatr .. 
Center 3 Clncmes Strenc:t 
2120 Cmno Del Rio No. 4950 Newport Ave. 
297·1888 223-3141 
Clncme 11 UA GIIuh0usc..6 
1140 Hotel Circle No. Glasshouse Square 
291·2121 223-2546 
CIIIrcmont 
4140 Oairemont Mesa 
274-0901 Records Cove 
7730 Girard 
459-5404 Llcorke PlUli 
Fashion Velley 4 1321 Gamet 
110 Fashion Valley 27~5150 
291-440<4 MuslcYnd 
Flnc Arts La Jolla Village Sq. 
1818 Gamet 453-1383 
274-4000 Stiff Competition 
FloMr Hili CIMINII 1146 Gamet 
2630 Via de III Valle 272·8204 
755-8757 Towa' Recorda 
Ken CIMINI 3601 Sports Arena 
4061 Adams Ave. 224-3333 
283-5909 The Turntable 
La JoIle Vlllegc The .... 1 7852 Girard 
8870 Villa La Jolla Dr. 459-4421 
453·7831 Whcrchouac 
La 'elOlNl University Towne Center 
471 First St. 457·9151 
436-7469 
LomI 

,.". . 

3150 Rosecrans 1VStMlons 224-3344 
Menn'I UTC Sixplex 
University Towne Center KFMa-TVI 
452-7766 292-5362 
Mira Mae Clncmn !CGTV 10 
8118 Mira Mesa Blvd. 237-1010 
566-1912 ICCST-TV 39 
Sports ARne Slxplcx 279-3939 
3350 Sports Aren" Blvd. ICP85-TV 15 (J , • 
233-5333 265-6415 

An Arts Magazine Serving the ~ JCSD Community 

Nlslltdllbs 
leccMnal 
8022 "airemont Mesa 
560-8022 
Iclly-Up T .... m 
143 South Cedros 
481-9022 
c.tos Murphy'l 
4303 La Jolla Village Drive 
<457-<4170 
Dlltllery Nightclub 
1<40 South Sierra Blvd. 
755-6733 
Jose MurphYl 
<4302 Mission 
270-3220 
Lehr'1 Greenhouse 
2828 Camino Del Rio South 
299-2828 
the Mannikin 
954 Garnet Ave 
298-1722 
Mom'I Saloon 
9<45 Gemet 
483-7737 
Old Del Mar cafe 
2730 Via de 10 Valle 
755-6614 

WlndraH 
1935 Quivira 
223-2335 

Theatres 
The lowery Thater 
480 Elm Street 
232-<4088 
CMe Thater 
202 C Street 
236-6510 
G_llmp QUIlter ThutN 
5<47 <4ttl Ave. 
234-9583 
La Jolla IIage Co. 
7f£ Nautilus 
459-7773 

Marqull PUblic IheaIre 
3717 Indio Street 
295-5654 

Old QIobe IheaIre 
Balboa Pak 
239-2255 

San DIegoIllay Qoera ..,... 
1257 7th Ave 
231-8995 

EDITORIAL 
452-6580 L ________ ~ ___________________________ ~ _________________________________ ~ 

38 Hiatus September 23, 1985 

I 

The tUnusual' UEO 
Nichol~s Nicklebyish 
production of Great 
ExpectatiON. It's suppoeed to 
be great. 

"Another unusual one is 
the japanese film series called 
&fore Rashomon. Rashomon 
waa the first film that really 
won Japanese cinema a 
We.tern audience, and all 
theae moviea predate that. 
This is a series that has been 
put together with the japan 
Society. Evidently, scholars 
conaider (the '301) to be the 
golden age of japanese 
cinema." 

ming baa lpeCial series like 
this (&fore Rcuhomon) and 
sneak previews - and we've 
got three lined up before the 
end of November. 

"Any student who's 
interested can walk in here 
and find out when the 
committee meetina is and Kef 
on that committee. Then the 
chair is elected out of that 
body, and one of us will act .. 
an advisor. But the students 
really say what will happen . 
and what won't," Baily says, 
laughing again, "unless it's 
something that's completely 
irresponsible. " 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 
"We're always looking for 

unusual thinal," Ruth Baily 
says of the University Eventl 
Office. "It'. really a balance, 
because we want to bring in 
big namea - big names are 
something that really excite 
people on campus, and then 
we balance chat with things we 
know are hip quality but that 
people rniPt not be too 
familiar with. And then we 
hope that the professors and 
all the people ltudents come 
into contact with will 
encourage them to go." 

The multi-talented Baily, a 
graphic artist and illustrator 
who oversees and handles 

public relationa for UEO, is 
jultiflably proud of the evenn 
lCheduled for the upcoming 
year. Gathered t<>sether under 
the apt umbrella of 
"Varieties" il a wide 
Ipectrum of performing 
artists. 

That's really what we try to 
(achieve) more than anything 
else - as broad a range as 
possible in all the genres of the 
performing arts. We always 
try to make sure that whatever 
we bring is hfgh quality. For 
example (French puppet 
Compagnie) Phillippe Genty 
is very unusual and wonderful 
- we had them out here a 

Hf fXT 

couple years ago - so we were 
looking forward to bringing 
him back. That's something 
you don't see anywhere else." 

Unfortunately, Baily adds 
with a laugh, "Now no one 
will see them at all." The 
company's principal puppet-
eer dislocated a shoulder and 
the date had to be canceled. 

Comediana Martin Short 
and Terry jones also opted 
out the latter because he was 
too "scared," says Baily, to 
discuss anything but Chaucer 
- and "students drawn in by 
his Monty Python connection 
miKht not want to hear about 
Chaucer." 

Putting aside the cimcella-
tiona, Baily ertthuses about 
the UEO schedule. 

"One thina - this is a first 
- the Guthrie Theater in 
Minneapolis is sending their 
first company out to do a 

Baily empahasizes that 
students have a great deal of 
say - probably more than 
most of them realize - in 
UEO programming. 

.. All the programs are 
selected by student commit-
tees. So what we do is gather 
all the information that comes 
in from the various agencies, 
and then the dance committee 
will meet and go through 
everything that's available for 
dance. It's similar for drama 
- well, dance and drama is 
the same committee - music, 
special events. And this is 
unusual: Our film program-

Deapite the emphasis on 
UCSD students, who receive 
substantial discounts on 
nearly all UEO events, the rest 
of the University community 
is not neglected. 

"Actually," explains Baily, 
"it's a combination of 
students and general 
admission. We have to try to 
appeal to both gf them -
students (irst, but also general 
admission, because we need 
the general admission ticket 
prices to subsidize the student 
prices. " 

VBO's Ruth Baily (l~Ji) WoIcs fo~rd to Second City's rdUm to VCSD. 

SSUf S fPI. 
WANTED! Acadentic Internship 

PrograDl Experienced Outdoor 
. Recreation Leaders 
-ebacl,tpacking 

erockclimbing 
;'x-c skiing 

The Academic Internship Program welcomes 
aD new and returning students to UCSD. 
We wish you a successlW and rewarcfInQ. 
academlc year. 
Watch for our big GuardIan ad the 'Nftk of 
October 14. 

• PA YII ."O/WEEKEND" FREE TRIP 

• CHUCK GORMLEY x4064 
For infonnation about internships for WInter 
Quarter. please stop by Building 406 Wanen 
Campus - across &om the Provost's Oftlce. 

September 23, 1985 Hiatus 39 



Crocker Bank won't keep you waiting. 

Fall 
1985 

Anxiety i:; waiting for your bank to approve 
and process your stud m loan application. 
At Crocker Bank, we know how crucial it is 
to get yc ur money quickl~ : Th:ns why we do 
everything we can to help. Our streamlined pro-
cessing and pr fessional customer sen'i 'e make 
getting a srudem loan fast and simple. In most 
cases you'll have your money in one week. 

For more information about how you can 
qualify fi)r a student loan, see your financial aid 
couns lor toda}~ And then, send your completed 
student loan ~pplication to: Crocker Student 
loan , P.o. Box 38021, an Franci co, California 
94158. Or if you prefer, call Crocker loll -free 
at 800-874-6989, exc. 200, 

© (roch~r ",,"nJI I!.II lh , 19K'> 

lUiS 
Individua l and Small C lass P rograms to 

READING AND 
STUDY 

SKILLS CENTER 
452·2284 
HL 1058 

THE LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 
452·2284 

Member FOI 

• ~ J I 

WRITING CENTER 
452·2284 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 

ACADEMIC SUCCESS 
PROGRAM (ASP) 

452·3760 

TUTORIAL PROGRAM 
452·2280 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4010 
I _______ ~H~e~'~ PY.~O~u~D:e~v~e:l~o~p~E::S:S:e~n~t~ia:'~L:e:a:r~n~i~n~g~S::.k:il:'S=-_______ G~~;:;;;.;;;;;~;;;_-t~~~~;;;~~;;;;;:l One-la-one wrolong conferences 
I- PAL CONFERENCES The Language Program prOYldes avaIlable fo r all studenls byap-

THIRD PLACE asslslance to students whose pointment. Call 452-2284 

HL 1058 

IndiVidual assIstance for Edu-
cational Opportunlly Program 
(EOP) and Student Affirmative Ac-
lion (SM ) freshmen Profes-
Sional and peer counselors pro-
Vide assistance on an ,nd,Vidual 
baSIS WIth academiC. personal 
finanCial . and SOCial concerns 
Standing appointments are avaIl -
able to EOP 'SAA studenls. along 
with other workshops and spe-
Cial OASIS sessIons 
The ASP slaff act as advocates 
for all EOP SAA SludenlS en-
rolled In the unrverSlfy Your per-
sona l peer counselor Will prOVIde 
aSSISlance In cutting Ihrough the 
"red tape ' and solVIng problems 
when pOSSIble 
Each quarter a speCial Faculty 
lecture IS held to bnng faculty . 
staft. and sludents together who 
share a common InlereSI 
SpecIfiC dales and limes are an-
nounced on Ihe Guardian 

Drop by our offIce , Man -Fro 
830 a m -4 00 pm . or call tor an 
apPolnlmenl 

BE A PEER 
COUNSELOR 
JunIors and senIors wllh a 2 50 
GPA who are active In campus-
Wide programs and enloy work-
ong WIth undergraduate students 
from diverse cultures are en-
couraged to partICipate In the 
peer traIning pract lcum All 
studenls Interested must take 
TEP t96 for four untts. 
IntervIews for the Peer Counselor 
practocum Will be held on Tues-
dlY. October I , 10:00 a.m.' 
2.00p.m 
HL 1254 

OASIS 
UNDERGROUND 

HL 1254 

OPENS MONDAY 
OCTOBER 7 
FREE tutoring In math-
ematics . phYSICS, biology. 
chemistry, economiCS statis-
tics, and computer sCience. 

Drop In for help Mon -
Thurs .. 10.00 a.m -9 :00 p .m 
FrI.. 10 00 a.m.-2 00 pm , 
Sun 5 00 p m -8 00 p m 

Study tables Will be orga-
nized for any lower-diVIsion 
sCience or math class . Just 
get together With four 
friends. and we Will find a 
tutor 

BE A TUTOR 
Juniors and seniors With a 
3.00 GPA who have comple-
ted lower-diVISion math-
ematics requirements are 
eligible to become tutors 
New tutors enroll In TEP 196 
for four units. 

APPL Y OCTOBER 1 
tntervlew for prospective 
tutors Tuesday , Oct. 1, 1000 
am -2 '00 p .m . HL 1254 

WARREN ACADEMIC 
SERVICE CENTER 

452·4582 
BLDG. 2, APT. 2110 

In COIljunCIiOn wllh AcademIC 
AdvISIng. OASIS ServICes Include 
lUIorong. writing assistance, and 
profeSSIOnal and ~r counseling 
Open MaN-FRI , t :00-5'00 p.m 

452·3284 One-to· one. Personal Asslslance first language is not English, and WRITING CONFERENCES 
for Learnong (PAL) conferences to Ihose dOing work In Spanish , k 

THIRD COLLEGE to perfecl your skIlls on all of the French, Italian, and other lan- Sessions begin the second wee 
DINING COMMONS follOWIng tOP'CS are avaIlable 10 guages. ServIces include : The of the quarter 02 students by apPolntmenl Language Program class (Levels THE GRAMMAR CLASS 

1 I and II) , Ihe Grammar and Me- For all students who wanl lo 
OASIS branches out to Third 
College. We offer Profes-
Sional and Peer Counseling 
dally 8 :30 a m -4 '00 p m . 
Tutortng In most lower-
diVISion classes . Mon .-Thurs .. 
10.00 a m .-8 :00 p.m .. Frt .. 
10.00 a m .-l :00 p .m . TutOring 
begins Monday, Oct. 7. 

Speed Reading 1024-11 /21 
Thurs 8 :30 a.m -10:30 a .m . 

Study Skills Workshop Tues .. 
10.00 a.m -12 :00 noon . 
Locations to be announced . 
Schedules for tutors and 
workshops are available at 
Third Place. 

Goal Setting . ltfe Work Plan-
ning also by appointment . 

THIRD DORMS 
BUILDING 701 

We offer tutoring In most sub-
/ects, includ ing Writing . Call 
x3284 for times and location , 

Professional and peer coun-
seling dally 9 :00 a.m .-
3 .00 p.m 

STUDY SKILLS 
WORKSHOPS 
Workshops are presented on 
Tues (10'00 a m -12 00 pm) and 
Wed (2 '00 p m -4 '00 pm ) 
Please call for dates and lime 
Time Managemenl How 10 Study 
Math and SCIence Mid-Term 
Prep Lecture Notetaklng. How to 
Concentrate at W,ll Textbook 
Reading lor Recall How to De· 
velop Memory Con trol. Finals 
Prep Tesl -Taklng Sirategies 

MINI COURSES 
Speed Reading Thurs. 8 30-
1030 a m. 10/24 -11121 Man & 
Wed 2'00 p.m -3'00 p m. 10114-
11 13 
GRE Prep Wed and Thurs . 1012-
10110. 1120-125 
TECH(nique) TALKS 
What can you do With forty-love 
mlnules? Learn a technique Ihat 
WIll make a dltterence In your 
learning power l Call for a l,st of 
10P'CS and limes 
For more Informallon. room num-
bers, or to sIgn-up for any of 
these acllvilies. call or stop m 
800 a m.-4 ·30 pm 

GRAMMAR MOSES 
HOTLINE 
452·2284 

Phone-In servIce for help wllh 
diction grammar and punctua -
tion problems 8 30 a m -4 00 P m 

chantcs workshops (Levels I and learn how English semences are 
II), the AcademiC Writing on Span- constructed and where common 
Ish class. Braonstorm sessions errors In wrotten sentences 
for liVSpan and tor LIIiFr. to. 25, occur Grammar terminology will 
SO, Ihe pracloce-of-Engllsh for for- be explained Useful for editing 
elgn-studenls class. the French and revIsing academiC papers. 
and SpanIsh grammar hotllne. UPPER.DIVISION 
weekly workshops. Spanish , 
FrenCh, italian, German, and En- ADJUNCT 
glish as a second language pro· For transfer sludenls: focus on 
nunclatlon labs. and one-la-one shari term papers. research 
conferences for feedback on method composItIon. and or-
wrotten drafls. A diagnostic tesl ganlzatlon 
on wronen English as a second 
language IS avaIlable on request. 
Call 452-2284 for more In for-
mation 

THE B.C. (BEFORE 
CALCULUS) 
'PROGRAM 

452·3760 
HL 1058 

ThiS program IS deSigned 10 sup· 
POri EOP students In Ihelr deSire 
to excel In mathematICs at UCSD. 
Small groups of students altend 
workshops Iwice a week oulslde 
at class AI these workshops 
students work on problems, pre· 
pare for exams. and help one an-
other to master Ihe course 
Students are under the SUpervl' 
Sion and dorection of a workshop 
leader. 
Math 4C, t A, t B & C workshops 
Tutorial seSSIOnS are prO\loded for 
S1udenIs on Communlly College 
Math 140, 103 Days and limes 10 
be announced. 

DIAGNOSTIC TESTING 
The OASIS Wrotlng Test assesses 
your strenglhs and weaknesses 
In wri ting and edIting academic 
papers Tesltng is available In the 
Wrllmg Cenler durong Ihe acad-
emiC year You w ill receIve an in-
dividual conference on your last 
scores. 

MINORITY HONORS 
WRITING WORKSHOPS 
WOrkshops and IndiVidualized 
assistance to help lower diVISion 
SAA sludenls excel In wrliing at 
UCSD IS available al HL t 058 

Conferences are ayailable to 
students experoencing dllf icully 
In mathemahcs. Study tech· 
nlques and campus resources 
WIll be recommended. 
Space In workShops IS limIted, 
and we operale on a for. ' -come 
first-served baSIS For mora in-
formal lon cI/l ·452-3760. 

As.i.tance i. Available. 
OASIS Admin. 452·3760 

40 MiahU September 23 , 1985 

UCSD: The new movie capital 
By ROBERT LEONE 
Over the pa.t II\Vo years, 

UCSD hu been the .ite of 
sneak previews of .uc:h rum. 
as PoLice Aaadem" Footloose, 
The &tor's &J,c, The KiUi", 
Fields, Under Fm and St. 
Elmo's Fire. All of theae have 
been true preview. .ince .U 
the pauea to the filmI were 
free. However, u it alway. the 

Back to 
school with 
Brahms 

A ooncert ci cru.nber wtXb 
by Johannea Bnhma. one ci the 
greatest ma.er. of mu.le, 
open. the UCSD Music 
Deparanent ooncert leuon, 
Sunday,' at 3 pm in the 
Mandeville Recital HaD. . 

The third ci the ~ee 8'. c:i 
Music" (tint tM> - Bach and 
Beethoven), Brahms WII 
responsible fir erw-ichins the 
genre c:i chamber lllUIic more 
than any other complier after 
Beethoven. His inimitable 
"Sonata b Cdlo and Piano,Op. 

~,n '7rio inA minor, Op. 120,-
and "QUntet in F minor Op. 
3+" will be interpreted by 
violini .. Joan Zeiidanan and 
Janos Nesveav, cellist Mlehad 
Staehle, clarineti.t Robert 
Zelidcman .nd pianiat Cecil 
Lytle, lJCS) faadty muaidans. 

Admission it $5 for general 
admission and $1 for lCUdena 
and staft: For more Irtonnarion 
caD "52·3229. 

.cue, lOme people want more. 
One acquaintance of mine 
often compl.in. that the 
University Eventl Office, the 
orpniadon that aponaor. the 
aneak previewa, doea not 
obtain the rum. he wanta to 
tee, like DIme, or GJonies. 
Othen complain that the 
times and dare. of the .neak 
previewa are inconvenient, 

Don't just sit there 
wearing a funny hat! 
Write for Hiatus and learn about fame 
and fortune. We need writers interested 
in movies, concerts, books, TV, theatre, 
dance, poetry, food and dinosaurs. No 
experience neccessary. Call us today at 
452 .. 6580 and say (Howdy.' P.S. It's OK 
to wear funny hats. 

New Writers Meeting: Oct. 4 

dtins the .howillll of St. 
Elmo's Fire on the firat day of 
final. in Sprins of 'SS u an 
example. 

Ruth Baily, the UEO 
program and productiona 
manallef, reaponded to .uch 
criticitma, Itatins that .uch 
factorl are out of their 
control. For example, Dune 

,,1eaK CUm to ... e 43 

The world is waitivg. 
Be an exchange student. 

Step into an adventure filled with opportunities and challenge . A 
part of International Youth Exchange, a Presidential Initiative for peace. 
you live abroad with your new host family. Learn new kill . Go to new 
schools. Make new friends. 

Young people from all segments of American society aree 
. being selected. H you(J like to be one of them, write for more 
infonnation on programs, costs and financial ~id , I 

Help bring the world together, one friendship at a time. . 
"nt,· U No 1111 \ t tI " ••• 
'"In"''''' ("I"r.llt.. "HH~' 

Just Minutes Away 
You can 

avoid 
those 
Jines 

XEROX 
COPIE~ 

on newest 
XEROX 

DUPLICi\ TOR 
Additional discounts 

on Large Volume~ 

Try us for 

We take the hassle 
out 

Mailbox Rentals Stamps 
priValt or business u~, open 24 hI'>. al face-value. 

Free Mail Check Mailing Materials 
10 save time & gas, phone us 10 sa! If boxes. lape and po ktng marerlals. 
you havt mall for pick -up. 

Parcel Shipping Audio Cassette Duping 
by Feuera) Express. UPS. or Purolalor hIgh speed. high qualilY lOpIC ·. 
Courier Service. 

Parcel Receiving 
on -Loming packages Wi ll be held for 
you In our Secur il v OIIiee. 

Xerox Copies 
fu ll servict, just 4~/copy . 

N 
• 

Cl 
a: 
VI 
>-
Z 
UJ 
\:J 
UJ 
a: 

GOVERNOR DR 

Message Service 
we personally answer ,ails for you 
dUring hu:-.ancss huu r~. automat ... : 
an.wcring after hours. 

Passport Photos 
Key Duplication 

September 23, 1985 ........ 1 



Getting the answers right is a 
matter of how many functions 
your calculator has. And no-
body gives you more functions 
and features for your dollar than 
Casio . 

Oursolarfx-451, for in-
stance, costs only $34.95 yet it 
has 98 scientific functions-
including binary, octal and hex-
adecimal calculations and con-
versions. What's more, it lets 
you calculate with the speed of 
light-and twelve other com-
monly used physical constants, 

42 Hiatus September 23, 1985 

including Planck's constant and 
atomic mass. Plus it offers you 
16 metric conversion functions, 
as well as a 10 digit+ 2 digit 
exponent display, for greater 
accuracy. And its flip-open key-
board gives your fingers plenty 
of elbow room for calculating 
quickly. 

For only $19.95, our fx-115 
is also solar powered and has a 
10 digit + 2 digit exponent dis-
play. And it gives you 67 func-
tions-including statistics and 
computer math conversions, 

which are so valuable in teday's 
high tech environment. 

Whichever Casio scientific 
calculator you choose, it'll help 
you get y~nswers right on 
the money. At a price that 's 
right. 

Available at your local col· 
lege bookstore. 

CASID® 
Where miracles never cease 

Previews 
continued from page 41 
was not sneak previewed at 
VCSD because the film 
industry did not olrer it for 
sneak preview. 

Also, becauae VEO haa 
only a number of daca 
available for a variety of 
activities in Mandeville 
Center, it is often difAcult to 
conveniently schedule all of 
the UEO activities. Occasion-
ally, a film must be shown on a 
Tuesday. 

Even with the problems of 
schedulins and the posaibility 
of sneak previewina an awful 
film, Baily remaina enthusiu-
tic about sneak previews. She 
considers showing sneak 
previews to be a better service 
to ~he studenta than showing 
second moviea becaUie sneak 
previews are leu expensive for 
VEO, and more students will 
watch sneak previews rather 
than films that have already 
been shown In the local movie 
theaters. 

To And out when there will 
be a sneak preivew, UEO 
often advertilea the previews 
around campus. (Bannera 
across the facade of the main 
gym, .posters in some of the 
poster cases UEO maintaina 
on campus, the windows of 
the UCSD Central80x Office 
in the student center and in 
the Guardian.) 

If there is a sneak preview 
that you wish to see, you 
should check with the Box 
Office about the date and time 
when movie passes will be 
handed Pauea aft! hot.. 

own to 
disappear from Office 
within fifteen minutea of their 
Ant distribution becauae of 
popular demand. 

When you go to Mandeville 
to see the film, go to the south 
doors. In order to save 
money, UEO doesn't open 
the north doors to Mandeville 
for a sneak preview. See you at 
the movies! 

P012511 
.u. S IUgrated til. pri« 

STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 
AVAILABLE 

By DEBRA AND JENNIE 
452-5620 
32~1 HOLIDAY COURT. SUITE 201 

AT EsSENCE, ACROSS FROM EL TORITO, AaoVE ST. GERMAIN'S DELI 

Get our new $49* software module 
when you buy an HP-41. . 

It's a deal that has no equal, for a calculator that has 
no equal. 

Our new HP-41 Advantage software module packs 
12K of ROM. One and a half times the ca~cjty of any 
other HP-41 module. Large enough to hold the most 
popular engineering, mathematical and financial pro-
grams ever written for the HP-41. 

You get colDJ'rehensive a(jyanced matrix math func-
tions, Hiots orTquations anJ'jXJlynbmials, integrations, 
base conversion and logic functions , and time value of 
money functions . 

Our new module is also sub-programmable. So you 
ClIO quickly access just a portion of a program, or trans-
fer that lection to your own program. 

And it's even menu-driven. That eliminates overlays 
and reduces the number of prom~. 

In short, you get everythlllg it s going to take to help 
make the grade in everything from Linear Algebra 

to Electronics to Statics and Dynamics. 
HP-41 is a deal all its own. Its operating 
is so advanced, it doesn't need an "equals" 

Litt.Ie wonder it's preferred by more engineers 
other calculator. . ~,..=y 
is a limited time offer. Call (800) FOR-
Ask for Dept. 658B. We'll instantly give 

name of a dealer who has no equal. 
now. The phone caB is free. 

our new module won't be for long. 

F4 .. HEWLETT 
ILT~ PACKARD 

I'm a student who has no equal. Here's my 
proof!bf-purchase to prove it. Please 

send me my free software module. 

AddrHI 

City State 

Phone Number 

HP-41 Serial Number 
Mail coupon with proof·of-purch .. e to : 
Hewlett-Pack.rd Co .. c/o Direct Mail 
Project./M-M. P. O . BOA 10598. 
Portland . Oreaon 97209 

Zip 

OfI'tr not rede.maw..t HP dukr. HP·4' mu.t be purchaud 
bdwecn 8/15/8S .... It/IS/SS. EnveiofMs must ~ poslmarlled 
h, 12/31/85. Good only .ft U.S.A. Void when prohlblled , l.led 
Of' rtalnC'ted by lew. HP employ" pu,<,h •• u nol ell,lble. Allow 
, ., WHk. for deti .. " . 

,.....------- FALL 1985 -.....:.------, 
Biochemical GeDetics 

of Aging 
PEDIA TRies 237 

INSTRUCTOR: Robert M. Hoffman, Ph.D. 
OPEN TO: Medical, Graduate and Undergraduate Students 
COURSE MEETS: Room 168, Medical Teaching Facility, 
Tuesdays, 2-3 p.m. (First Meeting 10/1/85) 
TO REGISTER: Contact Dr. Hoffman at x3907, BSS Room 
4002 

TOPICS COVERED 
1) The nature of and reaaons for aging 
2) Aging i1 uiuo and i1 vitro 
3) Evidence for the role of gena in aging - studies in uNo and in vitro 
4) Effect. of gene cIemaga on aging 
5) Effect. of metabolilm on aging 
6) Pouibilitia of iIoIating "aging" genes 
7) Relationship of IQing .,d cancer 
8) ReiItionahip of IQing lind diet 
9) 8iochemicaI requirement. for • long Iif. span 

September 23, 1985 Hica&Iu 43 



Find out about the long IlSfanee COIIIpany that 
. .. ofters both-COlE to the Table. 

.. could win a ionY WIIIunan~ 
or. of ... 100 greal prizes. 
hterTllt Great AT&T.....,. Over 100 prizes will be awanled, 

including a Sony Walkman and a Swatch Watch. Nothing to buy, 
no obligation to sign up for anything. Just fill out an entry 

fonn, and you can win a great prize! 

Learn about the 6rHt AT&T Long Distance Service. 
You'll find that there are no surprises; you can 
always calion AT&T for quality service and 
guaranteed discounts. 

Check it out. After all, your local phone 
company may have already asked you to 
choose a long distance service, or they 
will soon. And you may have to choose 

fast. So be prepared and be informed. 
And when it comes time to choose, 

make the right choice. 

9 a.m.-3 p.m. Date Now through Sept. 27 Ii 
Place Revelle Campus, Informal Lounge 
No purchase necessary. Limit one entry per person. To be eligible for the drawing, entries must be returned to the AT&T Table. or postmariu!d by nUdnight 
November 27, 1985. For a complete Het of rule~ for The Great AT&T Giveaway, ask for a copy of the "Prizes and no surprises" brochure at the ATaT Table. 

... HiahCS September 23, 1985 

,-

WI! OME 

THE CONSUMMATE 
BEACH BUM 

- ., 

September 23, 1985 Hiatus 45 



Holiday 

Airfares 
Book Early 

Round Trip from San Diego: 
NEW YORK $298.00 
MIAMI $318.00 
CHICAGO $258.00 
DENVER $198.00 
SAN FRANCISCO $110.00 
• restrictions may apply 

ON CAMPUS 
UCSD STUDENT CENTER 

276-6954 

MEDICAL SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE 
If you're planning a career in medicine you 
owe it to yourself to find out about the Air 
Force ' s Health Professions Scholarship Pro-
gram . 

Qualified U .S . citizens can receive scholar-
ships for medical or osteopathic school. 

Our s.cholarships include : 
Tuition 
Required Books 
Required Lab Fees 
Required Equipment Rental and more than 
$602 Monthly Stipend 

For Details Contact : 

TSgt Bud Kopllftl. 
8775 Aero Drive. Suite 330 
Sin Diego, CA 92123 
16191293-7057 
tollect CIlia Accepted 

Bring down the cost 
of your education. 

The Zenith Z-148 PC 

Now save up to 44% on one of 
these exciting Zenith PC's! 

Just purchase a new Zenith Z-148 PC or 
Transportable Z-138 PC today at our special 
low student prices ... and bring the cost of 
your education down. Way down. 

Our 10w-cost,IBM PC®-compatible Z-148 
PC comes in a dual drive model that offers 
256K of RAM-up grad able to 640K-ofRAM 
without additional expansion cards. Plus 
720K of disk storage. The ability to support 
most peripherals right out of the box. And 
the industry standard MS-DOS operating 
system-the one most used in the business 
world today. So now you can run virtually all 
IBM PC software-and do it up to 60% faster 
than the IBM PC -at a fraction of its cost! 

For computer power to go, try the 
Transportable Z-138 PC. Light enough to 
carry almost anywhere, the Z-138 PC offers 
many of the same features of the Z-148 PC. 
Plus it comes equipped with its own built-in 
CRT di splay and carrying handle. 

So call or visit your campus contacl today, 
and save a bundle on your very own Zenith 
PC - the personal computer you can use now 
and in your future career. You may never 
find a smarter way to bring down the cost of 
your education! 

Zenith Single Drive 
Z-l48 PC 
Special Student Price 

$850.00 
Suggested Retail Price $1499.00 
Zenith Dual Drive 
Z-l48 PC 
Special Student Price 

$999.00 

The Zenith Z-138 
Transportable PC 
Zenith Sm,le Drive 
Z-l38 PC 
Special Student Price 

$999.00 
Sugge8ted Retail Price $1699.00 
Zenith Dual Drive 
Z-l38PC 
Special Student Price 

$1149.00 
Suggested Retail Price $1799.00 Sugge8ted Retail Price $1999.00 
You can also save up to 40% on the famous 
video quality of a Zenith Monitor! 
Zenith Monitors 
ZVM-122A/123A 12" 
Diagonal Non-Glare 
Amber or Green 

ZVM-133 13" Diagonal 
80-Character with High 
Resolution Display 

Special Student Prices 

$92.50/$89.50 
Suggested Retail Price $140.00 
Special Student Price 

$335.00 
Suggested Retail Price $559.00 

Ask about our special monitor/software packages! 

For more information on our Zenith PC's and 
our Special Student Prices, call or visit the 
campus contact listed below: 

Purchasing Department 
Q-026 
452-6700 

Micro Applications 
815 Third Avenue 
Suite 301 
428-2614 
Ask for Jack Stevenson 

Pnc"1PIIIY only to PU'_' dtrectly 
from Zenith 0. .. Systems Cupontion 
or UJnuct(,l Iiot«i ....... by students 

C 1985, Zenith Data Systems When Thtal Performance is the only option. 

or facuMy (or the .. own _ . 0fI0r nil«i 
to schook .... , contract 10 ZeIidl DIll 
Sy,"e"". Price. are IUbted 10 chona< 
""""'" rooce. LmI .... per ..... com-
puter Ind one momor per ......,.. ~ 
any 12-monIh penod. 

46 Hi.anu September 23, 1985 

Cinema 
Society 
returns 
By ANDREA HARMON 

"The Cinema Society has 
shown that San Diepns are 
IUpporting film. u an art 
form that can take Its place 
alongside opera, dance, live 
theater and music. In our 
second season we will 
continue previewing exciting 
new movie. Including 
commercial, independent and 
foreign films." 

So says Andy Friedenberg, 
director of the Cinema 
Society, relating the success of 
its inaugural year. The 
membership-based group will 
be collaborating with the La 
JoUa Museum of Contempo-
rary Art during its second 
season. Museum Director 
Hugh Davies sees the Soceity 
as contributing to the 
museum's committment of 
providing the best in all 
contemporary arts." 

Members of the Cinema 
Society are guaranteed ten 
preview screeninp, and their 
membership fee - discoun-
ted to $50 for students -
entitieS'them to a brass--plated 
season ticket, month I y 
newsletters, merchandising 
materials, receptloDi and 
guest speakers from the film 
industry. 

Last year's Slma 'included 
the San Diego premieres of 
Mask, Paris, Tems, Country, 
Ga7bo Talks, That's Dancing, 
Pharlap, Stranger Than 
Paradise, Blood Simple, Ma.s.s 
Appeal and Antan:tica, as well 
as the North County debut of 
A Passage to India, 

Starting this fall, all 
screenings will be on selected 
Monday evenings at 7:30 p.m. 
in the Sherwood Auditorium 
of the museum, or at the 
Flower Hill Cinema in Del 
Mar. 

For membenhip informa 
-don, call 452,1198. 

Offensive 
It's bafflina II to why 

Chinese-Americans have 
taken it upon themselves to 
protest Year of ae Dragon -
this movie hu lOIDething to 
offend just about everyone. 
Even so, fana of cwer.-che,top 
filmmaking and expressive 
violence should Ft a kick out 
of Michael (Heau:n's Gate) 
Cimino's 'Nam-Vet-On-
Crusade / Rampage meets 
Chinese-Godfather saga. John 
Lone is excellent in the Ai 
Pacino-like role, while 
Mickey Rourke plays an 
NYPD captain who tries the 
Jack Nicholson trick of 
making an obnoxious 
character likeable through 
sheer charm, but doesn't quite 
pull it off. (And speaking of 
Nicholson and variations on 
the The God/ather, this movie 
is much funnier than Pritti's 
HOnor, without always trying 
to be.) Nonetheless, Rourke is 
infinitely more impressive 
than Ariane, a model-tumed-
actress (in theory) who plays a 
TV reporter (surely a simple 
task) so unconvincingly that 
it's no wonder she refuaes to 
give out her last name. 

-Mikel Toomba 

E FS 1ti EARLm 
WARREN 
COLLEGE A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego 

Volunteer Experience? 
This will be an exciting year 

for all of you wishing (0 gain 
valuable experience through 
volunteering. We have been busy 
all summer long to bring you the 
best placements yet. 

The Volunteer Progam offers 
placements in a variety of areas. 
Would you enjoy helping with 
the Special OlympiCS, tutoring 
foreign students in English, or 
working with troubled teens? Or 
how about visiting shut-ins, 
working at a local hospital, or 
volunteering for the United 
Way? 

There is a position for YOU! 
Most placements only require a 
few hours a week. Most are near 
the University, while others are 
elsewhere - so commuters are 
welcome , too ! Volunteer 
experience looks great on 
resumes and on grad school 
applications. 

Any UCSD student may 
volunteer. We are located in the 
Warren College Dean's Office 
and have a bulletin board and 
notebooks full of placements for 
you to browse through . COME 
CHECK US pyT!! q 

Why is This Frog Smiling? 
Because s/he's involved in 

Metamorphosis! Find out more 
about Warren's exciting new 
personal! career development 
program at an introductory 
session Moriday, Sept. 23, 2-3:00 
p.m. at the Warren Commons 
Building Lounge. 

Announcement for Graduating 
Seniors Planning to Go On to 

Graduat£ School 
Now is the time to get into 

high gear if you will be 
graduating some time this year 
and would like to attend 
graduate school next year. GRE 
applications are available at the 
Provost Office and Career 
Services (early testing is 
sometimes required - so check 
out those grad school and 
financial aid / fellowship 
deadlines) . Also, see the Career 
Services handout for workshops 
for the aspiring graduate student. 

WCSG News 
On behalf of the Warren College Council,l would like ro take 

this time to welcome you back to Warren College for the 1985-
86 academic year. 1 would also like ro extend a special welcome 
to the freshman class. This year promises to be quite unique as 
UCSD celebrates its 25th anniversary, Coinciding with this 
celebration is a host of unprecedented opportunities for growth 
at UCSD and within Warren College. The success with which 
these opportunities are met will be dependent on how much 
you choose to involve yourself. The key word is involvement. 
Without your panicipation, these opportunities will be missed . 
This will mean not only a loss to the college and to the 
university, but ro you as well. 

The most important new opportunity for growth withi n 
Warren College this year will be the Metamorphosis program. 
This is the pilot year for this program which will offer students a 
ch;ance to assess their personal development needs. Whether 
you choose to involve yourself in student government, athleticS, 
internships, etc .. it is essential that this involvement occurs. It 
will be an important and necessary complement to your 
academic work. The Metamorphosis program will help you to 
determine what experiences will be most appropriate i n 
helping you to reach your goals. 

This year is also unique in that there is an unprecedented 
level of resources available to the Warren College Student 
Government. The student government wants to use these 
resources to most effectively meet your needs. Our ability to 
achieve this end will be dependent on how much you choose to 
voice your opinions. 

The university is growing phYSically as well as 
programatically. This year will see one of the greatest periods of 
capital expansion in the history of UCSD . 

One such development is the new Student Center which is 
scheduled for ground-breaking next summer. How well this 
new center meets your needs is, once again, dependent on your 
personal involvement The Student Center Board will be 
making development and space allocation decisions 
throughout the year. I urge you to not allow this body to make its 
decisions free from outside student input. The decisions made 
this year will have consequences for some time . 

In addition to the Student Center, there are also two new 
research facilities under construction. Plans to construct several 
more academic buildings are currently being considered . All of 
these new facilities will provide greater opportunities for you to 
develop academically. 

Aside from all of the major changes on campus, there are 
many minor improvements being made all the time that simply 
make UCSD a nicer place to go to school. These include new 
landscaping, classroom improvements, etc . 

I look forward ro a fun and productive year. The Warren 
College Student Government Council welcomes your 
participation and input. 1 encourage you to attend the council's 
meetings and to make your views known. 

For information about meeting times call the WCSG Office at 
452-3942 or stop by the Warren College Dean's Office. Best 
wishes for the upcoming year. 

Richard R. Rice 
Chair, Warren College Council 

ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP 

PROGRAM 
The Academic Internship 

Program welcomes aU new and 
returning WARREN studems to 

Warren College and UCSD. 
We wish you a successful and 

rewarding academic year. 
Watch this column in future issues for information about us and 
the eXCiting imernships available to all upper dIvision UCSD 

studems. We are located in Buildtng 406 Warren Campus, across 
from the Provost OlTice. 

.,.,..""0\,0II •• -...ct'I'rot ..... ~ 

.91'"-~-"'~ 

The Warren College 
Peer Mentor Program 

The WC Peer Mentor Program 
needs c ontinuing studeOl 
volunteers who have 4-10 
hours/ qtr. to help new transfer 
students get into the UCSD 
system. Interested students 
should contact Lea Mizumoto, 
Warren College Provost Office , 
452-4350 for further details. 

The Warren College Peer 
Mentor Program wants all new 
students to attend the Fall 
Quarter Peer Mentor Get 
Together. This event will happen 
on Thursday, October 17, 4-5 
pm, in the Warren College 
Provost Office Conference 
Room. Come meet fellow new 
students , continuing students 
(Peer Mentors), faculty and staff. 
Bri.ng your friends , neighbors 
and children. Refreshments will 
be served. Interested continuing 
students are also welcome. 

Commuter Lockers 
Still Available 

Both at Bonner Hall and P& L 
( $12 / academic year and 
$5/ qtr.). Check with the Dean's 
,Office. 

Attention Warren 
College Seniors 

Only 286 days until 
Graduation ! We are looking for 
seniors interested in planning 
the 1986 Commencement 
ceremony. If you would like to 
play an active role in 
detennining the speaker and 
program for this major college 
event , please contact the 
Commencement Coordinator, 
Elizabeth Elkins, at 452-4350. 
Help us make Graduation the 
high point of your experience at 
UCSD. 

Warren College 
Scholars Reception 

All freshmen and sophomore 
Warren Scholars are invited to a 
reception with the Warren 
College Provost and key faculty 
and staff members involved in 
the Scholars Program. Please join 
us at 4:00 p .m. on Wednesday, 
September 25 in the Warren 
ProVOSt Conference Room. For 
more details, please contact 
Elizabeth Elkins at 452-4350. 
We hope to see you there! 



48 MOllday, ~plembtr 23, 1985 

F£'\T.I. QUAIUER '85 
T~U~~~ctcawo~acro~ce~m~_I_N_S_I_~_U_C_l_1_0_N_~~_S_~~_I_O~F_~_C_I_~_T_I_~~~~ 

Registration Week: September 24-28 

BRUSH PAINTING 
BASKET WEAVING 
QUI [ NG 
JEWELRY 
SILK SCREEN 
STAINED GlASS 
WATERCOLOR 

DRAWING 
CE ICS 
PHOTO The crafts center's Grove GaJlery Is an Intrep and features aafts by students and local and 

part of the overall operation of the aats center regional aafts people. 
Roan: 10 _-5... T...uy.SaIaday 

Mollday, ~pttmbtr 23, 1985 49 

452·202i. 

G.nety Schedule 
·V ...... " 

A group show 
September 14-28 
Artists' Reception 

September 27, 6-8 pm 

J .... tlN~ 
October 1-19 

Opening Reception 
October I, 8 pm 

"BaUPau" 
Carlos Reyes/Roberto Gutierrez 

November 5-November 16 
Artist's Reception 

November 9, 6-9 pm 

-

UCSD PIlCtalty/Stall' IzhIbIdoD 
November IS-December 14 

Opening Reception 
November 18, 2-7 pm 



-. 

Men's soccer: 
Heading towards the top 
By JOHN SCHACHT, Sports EdItor 

If Defense is the name of the (Blue. Gold, Incredible Friday) 
game, then the name of the Welcome Week celebration. 
game is the 1985 UCSD Men's The Tritons trail only #\ 
soccer team. If you prefer goal Wheaton (last year's national . 
scoring, then the Tritons will also champs), last year's bndesmald 
be your kind of team. -112 Brandeis, #3 UmversllY of 

Parlaying theIr 6-0 record - orth Carohna at Gre~nsboro 
all of them shutouts - into a and # 4 Rochester Institute of 
fi fth place standing in the Technology. One ~dvantage the 
national rankings, the Tritons Tmons may have IS that these 
have begun their season on a other teams have faced each 
streak that they hope WIll lead Other before in the east reglOnals , 
them to theIr first berth in the wh ile the T mons are an 
national fi nals In November. unknown entity. "Yes, I feel that 

Coach Derek Armstrong's does give us an advantage ," 
squad IS ranked number one 10 senior sweeper Den?is Gutmdge 
:he far west regIon and may be saId "If we can get mto the 
:novmg up 10 the nationals afte r semIs I feel we could really sneak 
,his week's Umted States up on some of those te~,ms . They 
International Umverslty know nOthing about us. 
Tournament, part of the bIg BGIF The Tntons have been so 

'I' 

Tne 1 mons nave recorded SIX straight shut-OLlIS 1M compIling a 6-0 
record. Theyar; ranked #5 natIOnally. 

.. 
~ 
-<: 

~ 
~ 
.!2, 
.£' 
'" ~ 

-<: 
"'-

dominant that the opposition 
has only aImed 28 shOts at 
Triton goalkeepers Alberto 
Gomez and Steve Guillian all 
season. Meanwhile the Tritons 
have aimed an ave rage of 26 
shOts per game at the opposi tion, 
scoring a total of twenty- nine 
goals in the six games. The 
Tritons have beaten Loyola 3-0, 
Whittier 5-0, Cal Poly 2-0, 
Redlands 4-0, L.A Baptist 12-0 
and Southern Californ ia College 
3-0. 

Armstrong, in his fourth year 
as coach , feels that "beyond a 
doubt this is the best team we've 
ever had here - that's not to 
slight past teams - it's JUSt that 
we've never had thIS much depth 
as an enure team." In getting ofT 
to theIr fast start, the Tritons 
have reaUy relied on the entire 
squad, and Armstromg feels that 
"no one player sticks out above 
.my Other, although the seniors 
have the most mcentive and are 
truly the leaders on the field . I've 
been pleased with their 
perfo rmance this year." 

<;emor sweeper Guttndge has 
been with the Tritons through 
the four years of Armstrong's 
reIgn, and has watched the dub 
Improve from an on-the-field 
vantage POInt. "[n the past, the 
starters would almost always play 
all nmety minutes of the.game. 
This year, we've probably 
averaged forty or so Coach WIll 
gIve us a breather near the half 
and when we come back in 
we're ready to go agam. The 
depth on the team IS unreal. For 
mstance, last year we relied on 
three forwards and this year 
we've used them all," Guttridge 
saId. "I've been here four years 
and thIS is by fa r the most 
Jazzed everyone has been about 
the upcoming season." 

Armstrong has certainly had 
the opportunity to see all his 
players get playing time, gIven 
some of the lopSIded scores the 
Tritons' have won by. But before 
you get the Idea that these sh Ut-
outS came at the expense of no-
r1Ifne schools, be remi nded that 
two of the Tri ton shut-outS were 
over Division I Loyola and 
DivisLOn II Cal Poly State. 

Sophomore defender Paul 
Carlson feels that the club has 
grown together since last year, 
and fran kly states that he and. 
his teammates may be sorely 
dissapomted If they don't make 
it to the fi nals. ·We've been so 
tough on defense that it will 
surpnse me if we don't go that 
far. You know everyone wants it." 

Armstrong feels very strongly 
about his seniors and would like 
to see them make it to the finals. 
"This will be the fi rst year that 
players will be leavi ng after 
having spent four years here, 
and we've gone through this 
thing together. I fe lt I owed it to 
them to do a good recruiti ng Job 
thIS year, and \ feel the young 
fresh men we've brought in will 
rea lly help us. They're a super 
bunch and very coachable." 

Not everythi ng has been 
perfect thIS year, although the 
record may show oth rwlse. 
Armstrong sti ll sees room for 
Impro\'ement, ·especially In our 

set plays, like free kicks. But 
we're constantly working on it. " 
Another factor that has plagued 
the coach during his tenure is 
that in the three previous years 
the Tritons have lost each of 
their top goal scorers , twO to 
Division I schools arid the latest 
to a broken leg. Warren 
HolH nger is not expected back 
this season. 

Pa rt of the Tritons' game plan 
IS to ge t the Umve rsity support 
that has eluded them so far. "We 
know that if we keep playing 
well ," Guttridge said, "we'll get 
the suppOrt and recognmon we 
deserve." Coach Armstrong 
echoes Gut!ridge's sentiments' 
"We'd really like to see the 
school come out behind us. One 
of our goals IS to see the stands 
at Warren field as full as possible 
- the boys deserve It." 

One game the Tritons are 
ce rtainly looking forward to is 
theIr grudge match against 
Claremont-Mudd . or only has 
Mudd kept the Tritons out of the 
. ationals the last twO years by 
defeating them In the reglOnals , 
their fa ns have also Oung a lor of 

abuse at the Tritons at the 
Claremont field . You can bet the 
soccer team would like to return 
the favor when and if they meet 
in the regionals, which seems a 
likely possibility since the next 
highest team in the national 
linking from the far west is 

none other than the Mudd, at 
number 12. 

Guttridge explains why games 
at the Mudd home fteld have 
been so disastrous. "Their fa ns 
are so abusive that they kind of 
take us out of our game 
psychologically. They get all over 
our more aggressive players like 
Greg Schwarz, for instance, and 
the Claremont players are also 
skill ful at playmg around certain 
player, It gets very frustrating." 
Guttridge warns , however, that 
this year's team has "too much 
depth and deSIre to be 
Intimidated." 

It would seem that the Triton's 
motto this year - "Get It Right" 
- is proceeding according to 
plan. And that's something the 
fans can sink their teeth 
into . ~ 

BGIF kicks off 
athletics drive 

As part of UCSD's Welcome 
Week BGIF (Blue, Gold , 
IncredIble Friday) celebration, 
the athletic department, 
AsSOCia ted Students, UniverSIty 
Events Organizers, and Campu.s 
Food Services are teammg up lor 
an unparalelled weekend of fun 
in order to suppOrt student 
athletics on campus. 

If food , good tunes, danCing 
and a multitude of sporting 
events are right up your alley, 
then thi s weekend may be like a 
trip to Nirvana for you. In an 
attempt to drum up school spirit 
for the multitude of various 
sports ofTered at UCSD, these 
organizations have gotten 
together to cook up an 
extravaganza that will span two 
days - it was initially called 
Blue , Gold , Incredible Weekend. 

Friday will see nearly all the 
cafeterias on campus close when 
the barbecue begins at 5 p.m., 
while the Rebel Rockers provide 
the dinner music. Throughout 
the day sporting events like 
men's water polo and women's 
soccer will take place, all 
culminating in the men's soccer 
game at 7 p.m. under the lights 
at Muir Field . The cult film , 
Attack oj the Killer Tomatoes will 
follow on the green at 9 p.m. 
after the fifth ranked men's 
soccer team takes on USIU. 

Saturday the fun continues 
when the women's soccer team 
plays at 5 p.m. on Warren Field , 
followed by a volleyball match 
be tween national champlon~ 
UCSD and BOIse State at 7:30 
p.m. in the main gym. An AS. 
dance fo llows the game at 9 p m. 
on the gym steps, and by then 
everyone should be well 
acquaInted wllh UCSD athlctlcs. 

Judy Malone and Laurel Dean 
are headmg the athletic 
deparment's efforts, and see the 
weekend as a marvelous 
opportun ity to introduce 
incoming and return ing students 
to UCSD sports. "We're trying to 
show students that UCSD sports 
means more than JUSt going to 
games;" Dean explained , "that 
there's a great time to be had 
before and after the games too. 
Malone conCUT$, saying that 
BGIF ·ofTers the students a great 
chance to show their school 
spi ril. Hopefully a lot of students 
will see what fun these games 
are , and join in the rest of the 
year." 

Primarily an event to help 
athleti c department, UEO 
director Lynne Peterson felt that 
BGIF was a "neat showcase for 
campus spons, and we felt that 
organizing a free concert with a 
good band would help enhance 
the atmosphere and get more 
students to attend the games. 
The ladies down at the athletic 
department have really been 
super " 

A sante is the only commercial 
sponsor of the event, and will be 
giving out free UCSD SPOrtS 
posters at the volleyball game .. 
Cases of thei r mineral water wlll 
also be given away. 

Dean explains that this is the 
Introduction of a "new theme -
a new wave of athletics at UCSD. 
We want to establish a broad 
base fo r future sporting events 
and we would like to thank 
UEO, the AS. and Food Services 
for all theIr suppOrt and help." 
After this weekend , it may be the 
student s who will be se nd ing out 
thc thank you notes. 

Monday, Stptembtr D, J 985 

SPORTS 

DC rec clubs offer students diverse sports 
and competitive arena. The intercollegiate SPOrts' clubs 

are 01T and running this fall With 
a unique and diversified program 
that will wet the whistle of 
athletes who are looking for a 
new Sport in an intercollegiate 

LACROSSE ... The men's 
lacrosse team will hold its first 
meeting for prospective lAXmen 
at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, October 8 
on Muir Field . Following an '84 -

85 season that gave them big 
victories over Berkeley, San 
Diego State, and the Unive rsity 
of Arizona , the Triton lAXmen 
are on a roll and should be in a 
great position to make playoffs 

READY, SET, SCRUMI The Rugby Club is one oj stvtral rec clubs lookingJor a ftw good students. 

Blood, sweat and tears 
for women's soccer .-
but only one victory 

By JOHN SCHACHT, Sports Editor 
If coach John Leaney had his 

way, the 1985 UCSD women's 
soccer team would be undefeated 
merely due to the effort they 
have stet this early season. 
Unfonunately, wins and losses 
are not calculated on the amount 
of blood, sweat and tears; and so 
the women's team is forced to 
stand on their record alone -
and so far this year it's not a 
pretty sight. 

Going into their sixth game, 
the female Tritons had amassed 
an unimpressive record of 1-5. 
Despite aD appearances, 
however, the picture is not aD 
that bleak. 

Coach Leaney contends that a 
number of factors are to blame 
for his team's slow start, not the 
least of which is a lack of talent. 
"The basic problem is that most 
of the women '5 programs in 
southern California are vel}' 
young," the coach said, "and 
when you compare San Diego to 
the rest of California, and then 
the East Coast to the West in 
general, there is a great 
discrepancy in the level of 
experience. It's not so much 
talent as it is the differences in 
programs - relatively young 
ones versus older, established 
ones." 

Leaney speaks of his own 
program with mi"ed emotions. 
He inherited a weak program 
that had done "no recruiting in 
the four previous years." 'Part of 
the problem is that we still aren't 
getting enough girls to try out for 
the team. I've begun my own 
recruiting program but it's started 
slowly. Last year I had 20 girls 
from the local area lined up but 
not one of them met academic 
requirements, Most of the good 
local high school talent - and 
it's vel}' young, for the most part 
- is enrolling in the bigger 
schools." 

Competition the last few years 
has deah mostly with Division I 

and II programs, which helps 
e"plain this year's slow start and 
last year's 3-12-3 record . But 
coach Leaney sees a great 
difference between last year's 
club and this year's. "We're a 
much better conditioned team 
this year. Even though we lost 
our fir.;t four games against good 
schools, they all knew aftetward 
they'd had a run for their money 
- we ran the legs off some of 
them and still lost" 

The problem for the lady 
Tritons has primarily been their 
lack of experience. This has 
manifested itself in two fonns . 
First, the Tritons have not had 
very many scoring opportunities, 
and their new emphasis on a 
more aggressive, attacking 
offense has proven to be very 
vulnerable to the counter-attack. 
This has led to the second 
component of the team's 
breakdown, which is a defense 
that bends, and then breaks. 
"Not scoring goals has been a 
major problem," leaney said, 
"because we can't generate any 
confidence. Even the few goal-
scoring chances that we've had 
we've blown by being too 
overanxious. One of these days 
we're going to break loose and 
someone will be in for a good 
hiding." 

Leaney was hoping that the 
Tritons current four game stretch 
- three versus Division III 
schools - would provide some 
much needed confidence. "These 
are some crucial games and they 
will prOVide a good test as to 
what SOrt of year we're going to 
have. If we can beat these teams 
- most of their programs are 
newer than ours - it will be a 
real confidence booster." 

These games will also provide 
a good measuring stick for next 
year when the Tritons join the 
new national Division UI 
program for women's soccer. "In 
the past we were forced to play 
mostly Division I and II schools 

because schools like Claremont-
Mudd and Pomona didn't even 
have clubs, let alone 
intercollegiate teams. It's quite 
possible we'D be ranked number 
one in Division UI, but we'll have 
to see how we perform this year 
against those teams." 

leaney is going to be relying 
on players that have already 
established themselves as proven 
players so far this stet year. 
"Senior Stacy Simmon has played 
very well on defense this year, 
and forward Adriene Clark -
last year's Most Valuable Player 
- just hasn't had enough 
opportunities this year to score 
goals. Freshman Erin McLellan 
has also played well as halfback 
for us. HopefuDy we11 be able to 
score some goals soon and take 
some of the pressure ofT the 
younger players." 

The Tritons had only scored 
one goal in their first four games 
this year, and had paid the price 
defensivcely for their lapses. 
"We've reaDy been punished for 
our mistakes this year so far," 
Leaney said, "against Westmont 
we made maybe ten mistakes the 
whole game and they put six 
goals into the net - that's a 
phenomenaDy high success rate." 

"Certainly the ladies are 
having a tough time of it right 
now, but I can't complain about 
the effort they've given every 
game. I ask for and receive 100% 
each and every game," Leaney 
said, "We might have to red-shirt 
a girl who is potentially our best 
player this year - Wendy Inoue, 
with nerve damage in her 
shoulder - but the rest of the 
girls are healthy and giving their 
all, and that's aD I can ask for." 
That and maybe a visit from 
LadY 'Luck one of these days. 

••• 

In a late result , the Tritons 
recorded their first good hiding 
of the year as they aernlished 
Redlands 12-0. 

this year. 
SNOW SKI RACING ... The 

Triton ski racers are coming ofT a 
mountain high , capturing the 
league championship last year 
and having an equaUy strong 
team in the making this year. 
Snow skiers who enJoy 
competition should attend the 
first team meeting at 5 p.m. on 
Wednesday, October 9 on 
Revelle Field . The team is coed 
and all are welcome. 

SAILING ... ThiS coed team 
pulls together all seadogs on 
campus who want to compete for 
UCSD in the PaCIfic Coast 
Intercollegiate Yacht Raching 
Association (PClYRA). The 
Tritons compete in Ayi ngJunior 
boats against other un iversit ies 
th ro ughout the state and are 
starting to get more Involved in 
sailboard raci ng as well. The fi rst 
team meeting for prospective 
skippers and crew is 8 p.m. on 
Wednesday, October 2 in the 
Recreation Conference Room. 

MEN'S RUGBY ... Always 
interested in hot competition 
and a good time, the UCSD 
ruggers are looking for a number 
of men interested in playing this 
jolly old sport. UCSD ruggers 
travel throughout the state 
competing in a number of 
tournaments and league matches. 
If interested in playing, students 
should drop by the 
organizational meeting at 8 p.m. 
on Wednesday, October 9 in the 
Recreation Conference Room. 

CYCUNG ... One of the fastest 
growing SPOrtS in the COUntry is 
a tradition at UCSD. This coed 
team took a fourth in the state 
laSt year and hopes to place 
much higher this year with a 
beefed up women's program. 
Novice to expert cyclists are 
welcome aboard and should 
attend the first team meeting at 8 
p.m. on Wednesday, October 2 
in the Recreation Conference 
Room.· 

SURANG ... Some of the 
hottest surfers on the west coast 
are to be found shuttling 

between UCSD and Black's 
Beach. UCSD is always a 
Southern California surfing 
power and competes in the 
collegiate division meets or me 
National Scholastic Surfing 
Association (NSSA). AD UCSO 
surfers, male and female , are 
Invited to attend the first team 
meeting of the surf team at 7 
p.m. on Monday, October 7 in 
the Recreation Conference Room 
- WANTED: GYM RATS 
Who- Anyone interested in 

radical athletic "Tout'in 
a nd Shout ' in " at 
interco llegiate games. 
Must enjoy good times, 
spons, spirit, exci tement 
and getting crazy. 

What- All RATS will receIve: 
I . Official RATS t-shirt. 
2. Entry to all forty' home 
volleyball and basketball 
games (with t-shirt and 
membership card .) 
3 . SpeC ial rese rved 
seating section. 
4. RATS membership 
card. 
5 . Sp eC ial freebi es 
throughout the year. 

How- $15.00 gets you RATified. 
RAT package may be 
purchased at the UCSD 
Intercollegiate Athletics 
Offi c e (Canyonview 
Administration OfTices) 
at all home games, and at 
BGIF and FFOG. 

These six intercollegiate sports 
clubs are part of the overall 
UCSD athletics program but are 
not NCAA sports and many 
times have a unique apprach to 
competition and athletics. The 
spons clubs are very broad based 
and welcome competitors of aD 
skill levels. For more information 
about intercollegiate sports clubs 
or the UCSD athletics program 
contact Laurel at 452-4211. 

Sports Club Shorts is wmpikd by 
l..4urd lHtin. 

JOIN THE CREW! 

Call John at 452-6580, today. 

, 

r 
I 



Monday, September 23, 1985 

SPORTS 

WEEKLY SPORTS CALENDAR 
Men's Soccer 

Women's Soccer 

Women's Volleyball 

Sept. 23 
Sept. 24 
Sept. 27 
Sept. 29 

Sept. 24 
Sept. 27 
Sept. 28 

Sept. 25 
Sept. 28 

Men's & Women's Cross Country 
Sept. 28 

Men's Water Polo 
Sept. 27 

Occidental College 
Point Lorna Nazarene 
USIU Tournament 
USIU Tournament 

Pomona-Pitzer 
Claremont-Mudd 
Westmont College 

USD 
Westmont College 

Aztec Invitational 

Claremont -Mudd/ 
Scripps College 

UCSD 
away 
UCSD 
TBA 

away 
UCSD 
UCSD 

UCSD 
UCSD 

Balboa , Park 

UCSD 

3:30 pm 
2:30 pm 
7:00 pm 
TBA 

3:00 pm 
4:30 pm 
5:00 pm 

7:30 pm 
7:30 pm 

10:00 am 

3:15 pm 

THE CEmER fOR 
U.S.-l'IlXICM S1UDllS, 
UNIVERSITY Of CAUfOMlA, 
SAN DIEGO 

UCSD 
Brighten 

Your 
Walls! 

Buy 4 posters 
get the 

5th one FREE!! 
- Of equal or leaaer value, -

WITH THIS AD 

International Gifts 
for the best posters, mugs , cards, T-shirts, Rock-n-roll 
memorabilia, fine and unique jewelry, sluffed animals, 

stickers, games, adult gifts, 
OFFER EXPIRES 10-31-85 

International Gifts 
University Towne Centre 

452-7755 

Visit Sensational 
or In Parkway Plaza near Sears 

588-2187 

Research Seminar on l'Iex1co 
and U.S.-l'Iex1can Relations 

fALL QUAKI'lR 1985 

The Research Semmar if an /O'.matlonal'y ,ecog'Jlled 
"".,(jlsc/Clrrl.'" forum lor pI.Slnt'/lon 0' n.w "s",cn 
and public polley parspect,..,.s dH"ng wl /h M •• telln 
C1'\I.IOl>"..nt 1$.S",e, ana olh., IUU8$ all.Cllng r.~tlOflS 
be/W"II Irf'JlICO ,1IC1 m. Ulllted St,tes AN mem06r! 01 
Ihe UCSD community are welcome as well as 'acu Ity 
,nd slud,nts trom othe, IJnI\l'/SII,.s-.rtd ",.moe,s 01 Ih. 
gen.,,' pUOlic 
AH seminars Will De held In tn. second-flOOr conferenc. 
loom. Inslliule 01 the Amellcas BUIlding 10111 Norlh 
Tonev Pln.s Rd UCSO CamQYI La Jolla 
A blown-Ng lunch IS h.1d "om 12 00-2 00 "m 
The pt"lenlll/OftS WIll begm a/ '2 30 pin 

Weanesaay Seplemoer 25 
THE lATtH AME"ICAN OEIT CAISIS 
ROSEMARY THORP 51 Anlony S College O~lord and 
LAURENCE WHITEHEAD AC\!ng Program Dlreclor 
Cenler lor US · Mer:lcan StudieS wlll lnt'OOuce Inelr 
tOflhcommg book Oflthe LaM "merlean debl CflSIS 

Wednesday Oclober 2 
EVALUATING ST~ATEGIES FO~ 
MEXICAN AOA'CULTUftE ' 
A PANEL OF FEllOWS 
JONATHAN FOX pollheal sc.enllSl Manachuse1l51nsl. 
lule 01 TeChnologv Will spea'" on Ihe SAM 
H(LIODORO DIAl CISNEROS ."rlcutlural economl'll 
Cent,o de ESluetlos del 0.18"0110 Rural ChaDlngo win 
speak on tne Plan Puebla and 
OA\lIO BARKIN economist Unlv"S~ld AulOt'loma 
Melropohlana Xochlmllco Will spea k on soclal.SI aile, 
nail lies "cllowing nl$ ,ecen! '11$" to Norlh KOlea l 

Wednesday October 9 
THE PUlllC SECTOA IN MUIC O 
SYLVIA ~A)lneLO polilocal SClenliSI Harllard UOI\le,s.,v 
WIll speak on Ine snl/lln g natance l)elween PODhc: and 
Dflllale en!efl)r.se and 
GABRIEL SZEKELY pol!lrul sclenhst EI COlegl() de 
Me xICO w.1I sDeallt on PE MEJC 

Wednesday, October 16 
INOUITIIIAL G~OWTH ON THE BOIIOE~ 
AND IN SOUTHON CAl"OIINIA , 
COHIEQU€HCES OF THE 

INTE~NATIOHALIZATION Of' INDUSTRY 
JOSEPH GRUNW ALD, PreSident. Insill ule 01 the Ame,,-
cas. will speak on the m.qul/aaoru, and 
MARIA PATFHCIA FERNANDeZ-KEllY. economiC 
Inll"ll'OPOlogtst. Cenler lor U.S -M.lucan Stud'les . WIll 
speak on eleclronlCs and Ihe SNlrm.nl mduslry In South· 
ern Cahlofnla 

Wednesday, October 23 
FIEDIHO MIXICO CITY , 
THE .. PACT OF THE C~I"S 
CV NTH" , HEWITT De ALCANTARA SOCIOloglSI 01 
development EI COI.glO d. MtXIC;O 

WedneSday, Oc IOber 30 
THE OOYl~HANCE OF MET~OPOLIT AN 
_THA .... ICA 
VICTOR JONES Institute ~ Governmental Studies, 
UniverSity 01 C.hIOfnla , Berkelev . WI" Introduce hiS 
research prOject on -Tnt Governance 01 MeIrOQOh'an 
North Ameflca ," w hIch Includes case studies of MeXICO 
C,IY San D.ego· Tlluana elc 

Wednesaay. No~mbt' 21 
ISSUES IN NUT~ITION 
PAUL SAL HAAN. bIO logISt Unlve,slty of Calltornla San 
Otego Will (!lseuss nIl 'esearch on lonllred milk and 
Dfoblems 01 nutrilion In MexICO 

" WINDOW ON THE UNITED STATU" 
SERIES 

Conltnumo our S8rle! O/ Informal diSCUSSIOns WIIf) leao 
1(19 eXI)i'rs 01'1 m. US econom)' society imd poMlcal 
sysfem IOCusll'l9 on ('""enf " III1IIS and longer . term 
"flnds In/ended eSPfK~lIy fOl Lalll'l Arnelle,f! \lISIrO'$ .n 
,esldence .1 UC$O (buf O/HII'I 10 .,11 members 01 the com-
munl fyl 

Wednesday Noll8mbel 13 
US ELECTIONS AND PAIITI£S 
IN COMPA~ATIVE PE~S~EC1IYE 
AREND LlJPHAR' politICal SClenliST UniverSITy Of Cah 
10fnl' S.n Diego 

Lady spikers set 
to repeat 
By JOHN SCHACHT, Sports Editor 

REPEAT after me: NCAA Division III Women's VolleybaD National 
Champions. That's National 
Champs, ladies and gentlemen. 
And that's a refrain that the 
Triton spikers and their coach 
Doug Dannevik would like to 
hear again this year. But after 
lOSing three All-Americans -
half the srarting team - and 
starting off the year with only 
five returning players, it seems 
the coach and his team have a 
tall order to 61\. 

Dannevik views this year as 
the "classic rebuilding year: and 
one of the "great chaDenges for 
any coach." 

Over the past four years of the 
coach's six-year reign, the 
Tritons have established 
themselves as rht team to beat in 
Division III play, Dannevik's 
teams have won the national 
championship rwtce in the last 
four years (1981 &t 84) and 
finished runner-up twice (1982 
&t 83). During that period the 
voIIeybai rum has built up a 
reputation as one of the most 
physical and experienced teams 

,in the division. 
But with the depanure of the 

All-American aiumvirate-senior 
blockers Kristy Kilborn (1984 
UCSD co-athlete of the year and 
Division UI Player of the Year) 
and Karin Kalk, plus senior hitter 
Molly Wheatley - UCSD will 
have to esrablish itself once 
again as a major power. 

"The last few years we've built 
our team around the outstanding 
blockers and hitters we have 
had," said Dannevik, "This year 
we have an entirely different 
style of team here. We used to 
have a physical advanrage over 
most teams in our division, but 
this year we won't have that 
advanrage and will have to adjust 
accordinaly." 

Part or the trials and 
tribulations the team may face 
this year surfaced during the 
recent Triton Tournament at 
UCSD. UCSD finished fourth 
behind eventual winner 
Chapman College (a Division n 

school), runner-up Fresno 
Pacific, and Indiana 
University/Purdue University at 
Indianapolis, Although 
Dannevik's goal was just to be 
one of the final four teams of the 
tournament, the Tritons 
exhibited some of the growing 
pains of a young squad. 

"We've got only one senior 
and three juniors: said 
Dannevik, "and we showed a 
litde '&eshmanitls: especiaDy 
against Fresno. Our passing 
game broke down and we didn't 
show real' good judgement in our 
service game." 

In the pivoral match against 
Fresno for a berth in the 
championship game versus 
Chapman, UCSD overcame a 
slow stan to lead in the third 
and deciding game, 5-1. But after 
an emotional time-out, the much 
Improved and more experienced 
Fresno squad ran off eleven 
unanswered points to win the 
match. 

"The thins that emerged in the 
tournament is that what 
separates us right now from the 
other teams is a player we can 
go to for the big kill: the Triton 
coach said, "but we'D have to 
restructure some of our offense 
around the middle blockers to 
rake some of the pressure off the 
outside hitters. Hopefully 
someone will emerge and rake 
the bull by the homs." 

Stonecipher, who gave up a 
full scholarship at USIU to anend 
UCSD for academic reasons, felt 
that the tough loss to Fresno 
epitomized the squad's "lack of 
cohesion right now. The 
chemistI}' is there , and we're 
pouring aD our heans into the 
effon. I'm looking forward to this 
year because this is the best 
defensive rum I've ever been 
on." 

The cpach, for his part, is 
looking forward to the challenge 
of having to mold a new team. 

"l~ had to alter my coaching 
to the type of team we have. We 
can't rely as much on the quick 
kills we used to get from the 
hammers in the middle 

THE 

anymore," the coach said, "so 
now we're going to have to 
concentrate on ball control, 
which means more emphasis on 
fundamenrals like our service 
game and digging abilities." 

No longer able to rely on the 
experience of his previous teams 
either, Dannevik's offense wiD 
reflect the nature of his young 
team, at least in the early part of 
the 46-match schedule. "We may 
start off slowly because I'm going 
to see who my best team is, so 
111 be shuffilng in a lot of 
different players," said Dannevik, 
"but our priority is to finish weD 
at the end . IO'{) at the start 
doesn't mean much at the end. 
After a month we should know a 
lot more - we should have our 
best nine players by then. 

"What's lOughest," the coach 
admits, "is havins to begin with 

SPORTS 

Mal}' Pontius sharing duty in the 
middle. But, the coach cautions, 
"nothing is etched in concrete." 

simple plays, which is quite 
different from our past teams. 
Even some of our returning 
players don't have a lot of real 
experience at the Division III 
leveL We are no longer a 
foregone conclusion. We .can't 
play not to lose anymore, which 
was a comfort we used to enjoy." 

Senior Wada, the elder 
statesperson on the team, feels 

.-1he transition from QJle era to 
another is "no problem for me 
personaDy. This is more my style 

Given ttie great turnover this 
year, Dannevik concentrated on 
his recruiting this off-season , but 
received bad news three weeks 
before the season when he 
learned he had lost two key 
recruits to scholarships. This left 
the coach with only five 
returning players out of last 
season's champiOns, and a 
lineup with only three sure 
Starters. Dannevik will be 
building this year's team around 
returning srarters Christy Wada 
and Carol Lipson, with Janet 
Hughes, Monica Bradley and 

. of scrappy play anyway." Wada 
is confident that this team wiD 
be just fine , thank you, and says 
that the upcoming year will 
provide the team and fans with a 
"a lot of fun ." 

Dannevik sums up this year's 
edition of the Triton VolleybaD 
team as bein~ analogous to "a 
scrappy, singtes-hitting team, 
more so than the home-run ball 
chili of the past. We plan on out-
hustling our competition." In 
this, the year of consummate 
singles-hitter, UCSD hopes that 
Dannevik's analogy is an 
accurate one. 

EPISCOPAL CHURCH HEADI4INER 
SUNDA Y EUCHAREST 8 &. 10 A.M. 

CHURCH OF THE GOOD SAMARITAN 
4321 EASTGATE MALL 

(EAST OF UCSD ACROSS GENESEE AVE.) 
PHONE: 438-1001 

EPISCOPAL STUDENT ' 
FELLOWSHIP 

WEEKLY HOKB BIBLE STUDY 
MONTHLY WORSHIP'" FELLOWSHIP 

STUDENT )lBTREATS 
FoR INFORIlATION CALL FR. BILL MAHBDY AT S8B-

6681 OR 4oBa·asal, ON CAIIPU. OFFICB OF RBLIGIOUfiJ 
AFF AIRN, I!!trUDENT CENTRR BLDG. B 

BAlRSALOlW 
Student Discount 
on Haircuts and 

BIolY'Drys 
"1& wODlen "111 Dlen 

(~.S85) , (~.S18) 
... _,' •. 

Karyl. formerly from FJlss, 
Karen (K.K.). from Year& Ahead 
Reoe,owner 

~FFER EXPIRES OCIUIER 81. 19M 
11M ParI St., Suite Fl. La Jolla, c.ur. 91087 (619) .u9-3196 



,-4 Monday. September 23. 198.5 

Chicago's Comedy Rewe 
SECOND G¥tY 

October 5 
St. $7.00. GA 810.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr.Ci . $8.00 

The Renowned Guthrie Theater's 
eroduction of Dickens' classic 
\ GREAT EXPECTATIONS" 

November 15 
St. 810.00. GA 815.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr Cit. 812.00 

The For Side Cartoonist 
GAAY lARSON 

February 8 
(ticket prices TBA) 

UCSD University Events' 
1985-1986 

Celebrating UC San Dlego's 25th Annl'lersary 

An Evening with Windham Hill's 
LIZ STORY & MICHAEL HEDGES 

October 9 
St. $5.50. GA S9,50 

UCSD Fac./Staff/Sr.Cit. 87.50 

Great American Tap Dance Rewe 
THE COPASETICS 

November 17 
St. $8.00. GA 812.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/SrOt. 810.00 

Ireland'S 
THE CHIEFTAINS 

February 18 
St. $6.00. GA 810.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr.Cit. $8 00 

Music of the Andes 
KJARKAS 
October 15 

St. $5.00. GA 87.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit. $6.00 

The JaQ9n Societys' 
BEFORE ROSHOMAN 

Japanese Film Treasures of the '30s & '405 
Thursday Nights Starting January 9 

Series 825.00 

One of America's finest 
regional ballet companys 

TUL~ BALLET 
February 20 

SLS10.00. GA 815.00 
UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr.Cit. S12.00 

BEAUX ARTS TRIO 
October 30 

UCSD St. $5.50. GA 815.00 

JUILLIARD STRING QUARTET 
January 26 

UCSD St, $5.50. GA 815.00 

The Intimate 
P,D,Q, BACH 

October 17 
St. 89.00. GA 813.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr.Cit. 811 .00 

Two clowns to amuse & amaze you 
ALCHEMEDIANS 

January 17 
St. $6.00. GA $9.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr.Cit. $8 .00 

MARIA BENITEZ 
SPANISH DANCERS 

April 11 
St. $6.00. GA $10.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/Sr Cit. $8.00 

UC San DiegQ 
Chamber Music Series 

Eleventh Season 

ORLANDO STRING QUARTET 
November 16 

UCSD St 85.50. G.A 815.00 

TAFELMUSIK 
March 7 

UCSD St. 83.50. GA 87.50 

At 
." i '~".~ ''''', ,,' "~ " ',,' ",' ,.>~ 

• 

,'; 

'. ' .i", 
, , . :",i;Ji ' 

Bil ingual Foundation of the Arts 
production of Federico Garcia Lorca' s 

"BLOOD WEDDING" 
October 20 (two shows-ma tinee in Spanish) 

. St. $8.00. GA $12.00 
UCSD Fac./Staff/Sr.Cit. 810,00 

Nu-Wave a cappella sing ing group 
THE BoBs 
Feb ruary 1 

St, $5.00. GA $9.00 
UCSD Fac./Staff/Sr.Cit. 87,00 

Mo"day. September 23. 198.5 " 

THOUVENEL QUARTET 
December 6 

UCSD St 83.00. GA $5.00 

GUARNERI STRING QUARTET 
April 12 

UCSD St. $5.50. GA 815.00 

From the Founders of Pi lobolus 

~I~~ .. J~. 
St. $6.00. GA 810.00 

UCSD Fac.jStaff/SrOt. $8.00 

Blues artist 
rAJ MAHAL 

Februa ry 2 
St, $6.00. GA $8.00 

and much morel 

For your own issue of Varieties. call 452-4090. 

Author of The Right Stuff 
TOM WOLFE 

May 22 
Sf. $5.00. GA $8.00 

UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit 87.00 

All programs subject to change. 

UCSD Box Office: 452-6467 



56 Monday, xpltmlltr 23, 198.5 
SPORTS 

Local nine not so fine: 
Padres sink in the West 
By JOHN SCHACHT, Sports Editor 

T HE WUD CRASH one can hear coming from within Jack Murphy Stadium this 
season is not the sound of 
another .220 hitter homering ofT 
a hanging slider from Eric "If-it-
wasn't-for-bad-Iuck-I-wouldn't-
have-no-luck-at-all" Show; nor is 
it the sound of a lazy Oy ball 
ricoc heting off the glove of 
Carmelo Maninez. It is the 
undeniable sound of a large 
exodus from the proverbial 
bandwagon. 

Is San Diego, as some have 
suggested, merely another front-
runner town? Was Mike Royko 
right? Are the locals white-wine 
drinkers and quiche-eaters? Do 
thty deserve the "not when the 
surf's up" fan label? Most of them 
deserve it-with flying colors. 
Yet something has been going on 
at the stadium that makes it 

What has sent the fans packing 
is the terminally uninspired 
basebaU they've seen since the 
All-Star break. 

Some have argued that the 
fans were spoiled by last year. 
Proponents of this theory 
remember when the terms 
"Padres" and "Penant" were never 
mentioned in the same sentence, 
unless closely followed by the 
word "elimination." We should, 
they argue, just be glad We were 
in it for as long as we were. For 
this theory to hold water, 
however, the Padres would have 
to be overachievers-but they're 
not . Since the end of June, the 
Pads have underachieved in 
every way imaginable. It's only 
natural that the rats have 
abandoned the sinking ship. 
This year It was the Dodgers and 
their pilot fish Cincinnatti and 

Was Mike Royko right? Are the 
locals white wine-drinkers and 
quiche eaters?" 

difficult even for the hard-core 
baseball addict to swaUow his 
beer and hot dogs. It's not JUSt 
mediocre baseball either; though 

--the Padres have cenainly 
supplied that in large amounts. 

Houston who took advantage of 
the drowning man. 

The season offered many 
opportunities for late raUies, but 
just like their late inning 
performances, the local nine 

folded their tents and went 
home long ago. Dog days indeed. 

The Front Office 
To blame anyone individual 

would be irresponsible. This was 
pretty much a team fold . Why 
not stan at the top? Certainly the 
front office had its share of 
gaffes this year, and with a 
couple of weeks left in the 
season, BaUard Smith and Co. 
decided to get together and see 
what could be done. A little late, 
you say? No kidding. Gaffe 
number one occurred before the 
season ever started, when the 
scouting staff decided that Tim 
Stoddard was worth $600,000 a 
year, and signed him to a three-
year contract. Even the novice 
fan could see that the 6-foot-
seven Stoddard would have been 
better off had he stayed in 
basketball. After all, that's about 
as big as his fastball looked to 
most hitters. 

The front office stance on the 
Alan Wiggins fiasco was an 
admirable ope from an ethical 
standpoint. l'rom a basebaU 
standpoint, however, it was an 
unparalleled failure . The minute 
Wiggins went into his relapse, 
his market value dropped to 
almost nothing-in this case, an 
over-the-hill reliever named Roy 
lee Jackson. The Padres should 
have swallowed their pride and 

kept Wiggins. If you think the 
loss of the speedy second-
baseman didn't hurt, take a look 
at the Paqres' stoltn base tOtal 
this year. Mike Scioscia may 
have more. 

recent years that the farm system 
was finally beginning to bear 
some fruit. CelUinly Lance 
McCullers infused some life into 
a dead bullpen. But when the 
roster expanded to forty players, 

"Since the end of June, the 
Pads have underachieved in every 
way imaginable." 

Most pennant contenders will 
make moves during the stretch 
run in order to repair whatever 
their weaknesses are. The 
Dodgers-already in first place-
went out and got Enos CabeU 
and then Bill Madloc k. 
Cincinnatti traded for Buddy Bell 
and Bo Diaz. The Cards acquired 
Cesar Cedeno, the Angels John 
Candelaria and Don Sutton, How 
propitious any of these moves 
are remains to be seen, but it 
does reflect an attempt by the 
front offices to improve their 
teams in order to get the extra 
edge. The Padres, on the other 
hand, took the position that they 
wouldn't tinker with a good 
thing-no matter how stale it 
got. 

The front office has boasted in 

. 

the Padres recalled the likes of 
Luis Deleon and Greg Booker. 
Neither belongs in the major 
leagues, or the AL. West for that 
matter. Meanwhile, the top Padre 
prospect-catcher Benito 
Santiago, travels with the club 
but is not activated; and Jerry 
Davis, a talented athlete, sits on 
the bench as the Padres sink 
into the second division. 
Apparently things aren't so bright 
down on the farm after all . 
The Coaching Staff 

Criticism of Dick Williams has 
usuaRy revolved around his 
relationship with his players. The 
man can be as frosty as the 
AyatoDah and as spiteful as J.R 
Ewing. But this year Williams' 
club reflected some of the 

Plel. tum to page 57 

MUSIC DEPARTMENT 
-~ 

HIGHLIGHTS 1985-86 
-

FRIDAY 
SEPT. 27 

SATURDAY 
SEPT. 2S 

The following courses offered by the Music Depanmenl will satisfy 
college fme arts requiremenlS, as well as cenain General Education 
requiJ'emenlS, Most require no prior musical education or 
experience, 

Music 3ABC MUSICAL LITERACY 
A practical introduction to the fundamentals of mu ic (chords, scales, rhythm, 
tranSCription, keys, etc. ) for the non-major. Offered in sequence, FaIl-3A, 
Winter-3B, Spring-3C. (Professor Balzano) 

"Music" AN INTRODUcnON TO MUSIC - THE ELEMENTS OF MUSIC 
This course wiU deal with the development of musical perception through the 
direct experience of listening. Topics include sound, texrure , rhythm, melody. 
harmony, structural functions, means of organization and form. Listening will 
mclude examples of Western music from the Middle Ages to the present: rock, 
jazz, folk music , and the music of othercultuml traditions. (Professor Turetzky) 
(normally offered Fall quarter only) 

"Music' THE NATURE OF MUSIC THROUGH PARTICIPATION 
This course presents music through active participation in the mUSic-making 
process from the po lOt of view of the composer, the performer, the conductor, 
the producer, and the critic. (Normally offered Fall quarter) (Mr. Larson) 
NEW ClASS: 

"Music 122/222 Music Drama: MASTERS OF MUSIC THEATRE - RICHARD 
WAGNER and the "RING" Cycle 

This course will examine Wagner's four operas in the "Ring" cycle. After, 
examming the context fro m which Wagner emerged . and his ideas on opera, 
the class will read the libretti critlcaUy and view videotapes of each opera. 
Questions concerning the relationship berween music and texl, music and 
drama , Wagner's own stage directions and other theoretical and practical issues 
will be explored. This course will be taught by Roben Israel, who is presently 
designing the complete "Ring" cycle for the Seattle Opera, and by Jann Pasltr. a 
musicologist with particular interest in interdiSCiplinary works. FaU Quarter, 
1985. 5-6:30 Wed., T~urs . 

" • • PERFORMANCE OPPOR11JNlTIES • • • 
A wide variety of perforrmng ensembles (Muisc 95 A-N) are open for campUS-Wide 
enrollment: Symphony Orchestra (Professor Nee): Concert Choir (Mr Larson); 
Symphonic Chorus (Mr. Chase), Chamber Orchestra (Professor Negyesy); 
Collegium Musicum, orchestral (Professor Farrell); Collegium Musicum, vocal 
(Professor Larson); Gospel Choir (Rev.Jones);Jazz Ensemble (Professor Cheatham); 
Wind Ensemble (Ms. Earnest); Chamber MUSIC Performance (Music 130, Professor 
Turetzky); Chamber Opera (Staf!). 

USCD Departmtnt cI Music 110 Manckvillt unltr 452-3230, 3279 

The Garv and Ca. threw in the lowel aJter the AI/-Star break. 

Padres sink ... 
Continued from page 56 
manager's own coaching 
weaknesses, instead. 

The middle of the Padres 
lineup is the slowest in basebaU, 
with the likes of Garvey, Nettles, 
Kennedy and Martinez. These 
guys can make the Titanic look 
quick. But maybe Williams still 
thought Wiggins was running the 
bases, because rather than 
compensating for the lack of 
speed by initiating movement-a 

la the hit-and-run-WiUiams sat 
back waiting for the three-run 
homers while the Padres 
grounded into ten or eleven 
miUion double-plays. Even the 
heaniest statisticians may have 
lost count. 

Williams' inability to spot 
obviously tiring staners, and the 
perverse pleasure he gets out of 
shoWing up relievers 
characterizes his handling of the 
pitching staff. Deacon Jones has 

had no affect on wnat pitcher 
Dave laPoint once caned "the 
lineup with the most bad ban 
swingers in the N.L.," and Padre 
baserunning is nearly as poor. 
Fundamentally, the Padres have 
had a very poor season . 

The Players 
Pitching and hitting proved 

enigmatic for San Diego this 
year. If one worked, the Other 
usuany didn't. Padre starting 
pitching was erratic, and only 
Dave Dravecky and Andy 
Hawkins threw with any 
consistency, while Lamarr Hoyt's 
shoulder stopped his streak of 
ten straight victories in mid-
season. Eric Show did pitch in 
tough luck this year, but stiD 
managed to give up his quota of 
home-runs to the Vance Law's 
and Wayne Krenchiki's of this 
world. Both he and Mark 
Thurmond continued their post-
season swoons of last year into 
this year, and one can expect at 
least one of the TWO to be gone 
next year, providing someone 
actually wants them. 

The buUpen was the achilles 
heel of the Padres throughout the 
season with the exception of the 
Goose, until the emergence of 
rookie sensation Lance 
McCuUers. McCuUers was aided 
by another rookie , southpaw 
Gene Walter, who may 
contribute in the future . What 
Deleon, Booker and Stoddard 
are doing in the big leagues is a 
mystery to everyone except the 
players that hit them. 

On the field and at the plate 
the local nine have some large 
holes to fill, especiaUy at third, 
first and in left field . Greg Nettles 

can still play at 41, but his bat is 
slowing and the hot-comer is no 
place for men that old. Nettles 
probably should bow out a 
winner. People may question 
letting the Garv go, but they 
would be thinking with their 
heartS and not their heads. 
Garvey is a liability at the plate, 
having hit into more double-
plays than the entire 5t. louis 
Cardinals team. Or so it would 
seem. Garvey's departure would 
open up first base for Carmelo 
Martinez, and enable the team to 
plug the hole in left. Martinez is 
slow and inconsistent, but is 
YOUP6 and has a lot of power. Of 
COI'l'SC this scenario is a pipe-
dleam, because Garvey has a no-
trade clause in his contract, and 
the 1988 election is still three 
years away. 

Teny Kennedy is already 
trade-bait, and Jack McKeon 
already tried to unload him on 
the Phillies for Ozzie Virgil, Jr. 
They weren't biting. Kennedy 
actually threw out more runners 
this year, and knew his starters 
better than the coaching StafT. 
But watching him take throws 
from the outfield can be 
dangerous to your health, 
particularly if you're Sitting 
behind home plate; and he 
suffered another power shortage 
this year. It may be time for a 
change. 

Center fielder Kevin 
McReynolds had a horrible 
second half at the plate, but is 
too talented to give up on just 
yet. Patience is the key here, but 
Kevin Mac may be fighting for a 
job next year. Perhaps that will 
be incentive enough. 

Monday, 5ep1m1&rr 23, 198.5 57 
SPORTS 

No one expected Tony Gwynn 
to hit .351 again, and he didn't. 
Having lent his batting title to 
Willie McGee this year, Gwynn 
stiU managed to hit .300 all year. 
But Tony showed a remarkable 
inclination to choke in the 
clutch, dropping RBI's from 70 to 
30, and ran the bases as though 
he 'd never seen them before. 
This is one man who definitely 
missed Wiggins. 

Tim Flannery and Jer:rr 
Royste r filled in admirably at 
second base, and provided the 
only depth on the bench . ~ 
Neither is swift enough afield or 
on the basepaths to play fuU 
time, although a fleet left fielder 
and leadoff hitter could keep 
them both in the lineup. 

Finally, congrats go to (jany 
Templeton , who had a 
magnificent year at shortstop 
and his best offensive year since 
becoming a Padre, Tempy is an 
inspirational leader, a player who 
plays with chronic pain and 
does not complain about it 
There is no athlete more graceful 
in all of basebaU, and only Ozzie 
Smith's acrobatics keep 
Templeton from being the best 
fielding shortstop in the game. 

The Padres have some major 
league problems. One fears, 
however, that the Padres will 
remain with the status quo, or 
that they'll panic and deal away 
one of the younger players rather 
than remove the older ones. 
Such a scenario does not bode 
well for the future, and even the 
heartiest, beer-drinking baseball 
addicts may be sipping white 
wine and eating quiche next 
year. 

rr=========================~.====~================~~~====. ==~ 

Literature Department 
======================FALL1985===================== 

~Hf ... ).) 'mf COURSES IN TRANSLATION 1 I _ Jll KNOWLEDGE OF A FOREIGN lANGUAGE IS NOT NECESSARY TO 
ENROLL IN THE FOLLOWING GENERAL LITERATURE COURSES. 

Lit/Gen L31 
Literature and Ideas: 
Latin American and European Poetry in Translation 
Lee A TTh 10:00-11:20 USB 4050B ec8896 
Instructor: Clayton Eshleman 
A close reading, In translation, of major works (poetry and prose) by the Peruvian 
poet, Cesar Vallejo; the Fren h vi ionary, Antonin Artaud; and the Martinican 
founder of "Negritude," Aimc Cesaire, three of the greatest 20th century world poets. 
Class discussion will be encourged, and the writing of the three poets will be brought 
to bear on 20th century North American poetry and poetics. 

Lit/ Gen 146 
Latin American Literature in Translation: 
The Novels of Garda-Marquez 
Lec A TTh 11 :30-12:50 HL 1166 cc8926 
Instructor: Beatrice Pita 
This course will involve the reading and analysis of several works by Nobel Prize-
winning Columbian author Gabriel Garcia Marquez. We will read works from both 
the novel and shon story genres, tentatively including: 100 Years aJSolltude. No One 
Wntes lu the Co/unel, Eyes of a Blue Dog. Chronicle aJ a Death Forewld. The focus of the 
class will be on tracing the development of Garcia Marquez' literary texts in 
connection and interaction with the SOCial, political and literary reality of Latin 
America. 

Litl~n 147 
Matcan llrerature In Transladon: 
Contemporary MaU:an Novels 
Lee A MWf 12:00-12:50 TCHB 142 cc8928 
Instructor: Carlos Blanco 
A study of thc new fiction of Mexico, as related to the social realities of the country. 
Lectures and texts in English; papers in English or pan ish. The following works will 
be studied: 

Underdogs by Mariano Azue!a 
Canjabularia and Other Inventions by Juan Jose Arreola 
Pedro Pdra 1110 , a novel of Mexico by Juan Rulfo 
Aura by Carlo Fuentcs 
Where the Air IS Clear by Carlos Fuentes 

lit/ Gen 149 
German literature in Translation: 
WKthe's Faust 
Lec A MWf 1:00-1 :50 USB 3030A cc9029 
Instructor: Fritz Schlawe 
Close reading and analysis of Goethe's "Faus(-drama (pan I), withm the hIstorical 
and philosophical framework of the Faust-legend and its themanc tmplications. 

litiGen 150A 
Classical Chinese Literature 
The Folk Tradition in Chinese Literature 
Lec A MWf 10:00-10:50 P&L 1320 cc8897 
Instructor: Ying-hsiung Chou 
This course secks to identify and study a much less orthodox input mto Chinese 
literature by taking up its folk components. A brief examination of folk and oral 
genres will be made initially which includes myths, yuehJu ballads, folk stories, 
folksongs , etc . A comparative tudy follows next to document the entry of the folk 
trddition IntO elitist literature and the ensuing aesthetic and epistemological 
dlfftculne mvolved - as well as the eventual appropriation at the expense of the 
folk tradition. Different folk genres will then be studied independently as 
representing distinct outlooks toward life as well as unique wrinngs against 
dominanon otherwisc unavailable In elitist literature. Students are cncouraged to 
bring 10 pamUe! cases from the West for comparative purposes. 0 prior knowledge 
of Chinese literature required. 

litiGen 150B 
Modnn Chinese Potfly 
Lee A MWf 1:00-1 :50 HSS 40608 cc8999 
InsbUclOr. Zhmg Min 
A historical survey of the development oflanguage and structure in modem ChineS(' 
poetry from the May 4th Movement till the present. . 



\ ' 

~ : 

58 Monday, Stptembtr 23, 1985 

CORDURA MT. ST. HELENS PACK 
ASSORTED COLORS 

REG. PRICE: $27.50 SPECIAl..: $16.95 
CORDURA MT. ST. HELENS PACK 

WflH LEArnER BOlTOM 
ASSORTED COLORS 

- I 

REG. PRICE: $35.50 SPECIAL: $21.95 

4Y2" Taclde Twill Letters 

'. 

50% Polyester 
50% Cotton 

Heavyweight 
available In white or royal blue 

$28.95 

~) 
-..; 

I ERSITY BDa STaRI~ 
452-4291 

---~------------~~ 

Monday, Stptembtr 23, 1985 59 

Which First Interstate Bank account should I open to get coupons good for up to 
$4,000 in savings on airlines, cruise ships, hotels, rental cars, TVs, computers and more? 

The answer? Any savings, checking or certifi-
cate account, 

Open anyone, and we'll give you a coupon book 
that will let you take off on PSA with a 2 for I ticket 
offer, and take otTup to: 20% on exotic cruises from 
AskMr, Foster; 25% at Ramadas; 35% on Nikon and 
Kodak cameras; even 40% on Panasonic and Sony 
TV s and stereos. 

In fact, by taking advantage of all the coupons 
for Samsonite luggage, Businessland computers, 
AT&T phones, Avis rental cars and more, you can take 
up to $4,000 off in all. 

But don't take too much time. You must come in 
to First Interstate Bank and open your account by 
October 31, 1985. Which will give you plenty of 
time to use the coupons to save up to $4,000 on 
Christmas shopping or a vacation. 

Reslrictions apply. One coupon book per account while quantities last Coupons expire 12 /31 /85. 
" 

" l FIISt Interstate Bank 
78S5 Ivanhoe Avenue, La Jolla 454-9054 

i\kmbt·, t- Ole 

Department of History Course Offerings 
-------'----Fall Quarter 1985--------

IA Latin American Iberian Empirt (4) 
Lecture-discussion survey deSCribing the origins ' of highly stratified 
societies with a tendency to authoritarian rule. It raises such basic problems 
as mass poverty, racial prejudice and democratic politics to the legaci~ of 
three centuries of Spanish and Portuguese rule. Eric Van Young specializes 
in colonial Latin America with emphasis on Mexico. TTh 11:30-12:50, PH 
104. 
lOlA Tht Roman Rtpublic (4) 
The political, economic, and intellectual history of the Roman world from 
the foundation of Rome to the time of Julius Caesar, Alden Mosshammer 
specializes in ancient history and the classics and Greco-Roman history 
and historiography. MWF 10:00-10:50, AP&'M 2301. 
1l0Q Spmal Topics in Modan Russian History (4) 
Film and Cultural Revolution , the Soviet Union in the 1920's. Depanment 
stamp and permission of the instructor, Robert Edelman specializes in 
Soviet social structure in the 1920's as well as prerevolU[ionary Russian 
political development, comparative revolution, neo-Marxist thought, and 
European agricultural history, T 6:00-8:50, Man 106. 
115 Frmch Cultural History. 1789-1870 (4) • 
A lecture-discussion course on French political and cultural hiswry in the 
century after the revolution. Annemarie E. Kleinert specializes in French 
cultural history. MWF 12:00-12:50, H&'SS 1106. 
lJ9Q Sttr'totypes oj Imperial Britain (4) 
Stereotypes of Imperial Britain with regard to non-British peoples, 
Changing assessments of nineteenth century imperial statesmen by 
biographers. John Galbrailh speCializes in British Empire, Canadian and 
South African history. M 1:00-):50, H&SS 6008. 

• Course title was listed incorrecdy in [he Fall Schedule of Classes. 

145 Socio-Economic Ckvdopmmt and Rtvolution in Cmtml Ammca (4) 
The lectures, readings and discussions in this course wiu analyze the 
contemporary social and political issues in Central America and their 
historical roots. We will examine the economic development and social 
structure of each individual country, regional and international policies, 
the role of the United States in the area, the ongoing struggle for change, 
and the role played by different groups in revolutionary and reformist 
movements, The course wiu pay panicular attention to the Sandinista 
revolution in Nicaragua , civil war in El Salvador, and guerrilla warfare in 
Guatemala. Manzar Foroohar specializes in Central American hiswry. TTh 
2:30-3:50, TLH 111. 
176 History oj South Africa (4) 
The origins and the interaction between the peoples of South Africa. 
Special attention wiu be devoted to industrial development, urbanization, 
African and Afrikaner nationalism, and the origin and development of 
apanheid and its consequences. (same as Third World Studies 176.)John 
Galbrailh specializes in British Empire , Canadian and South African 
hiswry MWF 9:00-9:50, H&'SS 2150. 
181A History oj Chintse Thought and Socift)': Tht Andmt Impmcd PmDd 
(4) 
This course deals with the genesis of Chinese thought and institutions in 
Shang and Chou times as well as Han political structure and thought. 
Thomas Metzger specializes in the history of the Ch'in Dynasty, Third 
Century B,C. MWF 2:00-2:50, H&'SS 2333. 
20) The UtmUurr oj Andmt History 
Fall Topic: "The Fathers of the Church" 
Wednesday, 1-3:50, HSS 3086. Alden Mosshammer specializes in ancient 
history and the classics and Greco-Roman history and historiography . 



60 Monday, September 23, 1985 

Announcements 
Do }IOU feel lost in a cro'Nd? Come find 
}OUr OW"I crowdl Rush a sorority! 

Ori~ntatlon S~pt . 29, 3:30 pm 
In~mational C~~. (9/231 
FREE TIMEI SbJdy less, I~am fast~, 

i ncr~as~ your GPA, pass ~xams 
~tfortJessIyl I~~, p~, new 
high-tech I~aming tool. ~back­
guranteed r~ults. Dial 755-6699 no.NI 
/10/31 

RESEARCH PROBlEMS? AI/levels - all 
ar~as. For~lQn stud~ts W't!Icomel ~is 
counseling also available. Dr. Arnold, 
213-477-8474 (lJ-4 pml. (10-141 

Personals 
Tarzan and Ja~ might not ~ ther~, but 
}Qu should ~. Th~ ~/ta Sig Jungl~ Bash 
is this Friday. 19/ 231 

Nf!YI 0\Mler of the 1980 yellow 125 
Yamaha Enduro #4 TI717. In 9/12 ~ader 
from 454-7125. Call 453-5037. (9/231 

~/ta Sigma Phi. Accept no substitu~. 
(9/ 231 

C~ hang out with ~ GREEKS. FAll 
SORORITY RUSH 851 Sept. 29 3:30 pm 

In~mational C~t~rl (9/ 231 
Friendlyl Haven't ~ you in months I 
Get in touch with ~. Juan. (9/231 
WELCOME BACK You Hot~I Party 
Animals. 'The ~ard~ Maniac. (9/231 

Delta Sigma PhI, The Fra~mlty of 
Engln~~r~ L~ad~rshlp welcom~s 
~ bade to school and hopes 
}IOu'II all have a great year. (9/23) 

Alr~ a Mtt~ bored at UCSD? There's 
only one cure, c:ome to the ~ SIg 
.Jung~ Bash this Friday. For rr1C:R info 
stop by our booth on the plaza. (9/231 
The Delta Sigs would Nk~ to ~/come 
bad< all the sororities and fratrmities, 
and wish them all a successful Rush. 
(9/231 
Dear John, I will no longer ~ able to 
date you. I am wily too tir~ att~r 
drinking 7SC rum cokes and dancing to 
the B!at Fa~ and getting in fr~wfth 
my coI~ 10 at the Bacchanal ~ 
Wedneday. So if you want to ~ ~ 

co~ to the Bacchanal this Weds. night 
~ Suzy. (9/231 
Delta Sigma Phi fratrmlty will ~ holding 
formal Rush through Octo~ I I. Stop by 
our booth on R~"e Plaza for mor~ info. 
(9/231 
THINK BIG BE A DELTA SIG. (9/23) 

M~ the! Delta SIgs, this Thursday 7:30 
pm. North Confer~~ Room. W~ hope 
to s~ you the!r~I (9/231 
W~Ic~ back Sigmund "BMW' Br~, 
you contracting godl P.S. You look 

ma~lousl (9/231 

Housing 
HOUSE FOR RENT IN l,A. JOllA 3 BR I 
BA Near beach, ucse, stores. R~ 
SI2SO Incl. utI. 479-7101. (9/231 
Roommate wanted - U~ity City, 
separate room & battYoom in a famj~. 

CIa5~ to shopping c~ & bus stop. 
Female on~. S299 call 457-096 7 or 453-
1828. (9/231 

Wanted . 
Marketing Co. ~ks individual to 'NOrk 
1-2 days/~~k assisting stud~ts 
applying for credit cards. Eam $40-
S70/day. Call 1-800-932-0528. (9/301 

Gymnastics Instructor Want«t S5.00/hr. 
4~20, (9/231 
Campus Representa~ rftded to ~II 
and dellY!r lM Today on Campus. For 
info call 619-294-0105. (9/301 
MODELS - new faces for swimsuit 
~~ In European magazjnes. David 
Schoen Photo. (6191 749-3435. (l0/311 
A ITENnON UCSD STUDENTS WITH 
GPA OF 3.0 OR ABOVE: It you are 
interested In a paid Reilder or Notetaker 
position working for a dsabIed student. 
p~ase contact Laura Chipps, Disabled 
Student: Services, 452-'382 as soon as 
possible. (9/301 

For Sale 
Springsteen tlckm ~xcellent seats on 
floor ~I. Monday, Sept. 30, 5100 for 
pair. David 457-1629. (9/231 
4 P;K~ ~room Set. contemporary, 
includes Q~ bed, S3SO; Sofa & ~ 

S~at. 8andanna-lik~ print, blu~ 
background with tans. bro\M1S, & 
burgundy, beautiful, S300; Octogonal 
Wooden Tat* (kitchen or game u~l, 
with wicker back chairs, ~t S265; 2 
chairs, s~I rock~, r.Jst. S45 ~ach; 
Call 296-1051. (9/231 
MERCURY MONTEGO 73, 2 doors, 
runs ~xcel~ radio, alr cond., e~ior 
good. 729-8797 ask for George C~ 
attrr 6 pm except Sat & Sun. (10/31 
HONQ.\ CVCC '78 siNer 5 spd. stick. 
Reg gas 35 mpg. Orlg. 0\Mler w/t/c. Best 
offer. 436--9933. (9(231 
'DOUBLE MA TTRESS AND BOX-
SPRINGS. Clean and In good condition. 
5SO.00. 453-1334, evenings. (9/231 
1971 BMW Motor~, SOOcc. SO/5, 
Bags, Fairing, Stereo, Electric start, 
COler, 35,000 mi~, 51300 or best offer. 
Contact Dr. Barry Butler eves 259-8864. 
(9/231 
Why rent ~n you can own? Dorm 
fridge 4.8 dfor SI25 good condition. Call 
452-4220 during ~ day and Ie~ a 

~ for Kathl~. (9/301 

The Guardian 
. 

is currently accepting applications for 
the following positions for the coming year: 

-ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR: Assists the news editor in 
t he organization and production of the News section. 
Previous editorial experience preferred but not required. 
eSTAFF WRITER: (Open to all students interested in 
writing for News, Opinions, Features, Arts or Sports 
sections.) Works under an experienced editor covering 
campus events.' No experience necessary, 
eILLUSTRA TOR: Must know how to draw and be reliable. 
Paid by illustration. When interviewing, please bring a 
portfolio. 
ePHOTOGRAPHER: Reliability a must. Previous experience 
preferred. 
ePASTE-UP ARTIST: Responsible for pasting up copy and 
artwork and using a copy camera; previous experience in one 
or both skills preferred. 
~ersons interes ted in any of these paid positions should call 452-6580 or come to the Guardian 

office (so~the~st o~ Revelle) to arrange an i~terview . The deadline for applications for Associate 
News Editor I ~ Fnday, Oct. 4, 3 pm. D~adhne~ for other applications vary; call for details. 
nft:!.~ ' a meetmg for all prospective wnters will be held at 3 pm Friday, Oct. 4, at the Guardian 

2 Bruc~ Springsteen tkts Sep 30 l,A. 
Coliseum great seats cal Mlndy/LeSle 
452-0630 days 231-2413 eYeS. (9/301 
1976 BuIck Century, 4-dr, auto., air 
condltknng, power steering. brakes, 
seat Even the dock 'NOrlcsl Mechanically 

~II maintained, haYe all receipts. 5900. 
.Ja1 452-3466 da)'s; 696-8066 eYeS. (6/51 
1976 AMC. Hornet Sportabout station 
wagon good condition 51000 Pat 45S-
9422. (9/301 
For Sale: Springsteen tickets, 9/27/85 
great seats. best olrer, call 452-44SO ask 
for Mt~. (9/231 

Sa~ - 5 pc dl~ beige formica table 4 
rust/~ chairs xllm condition 595 
Pt¥IIs 452-6517. (9/231 
SKI ruNING - precision custom hand 
tuning for the! racer, vertkle or acN ret 
skier. CALL.Jeff: 459-2002. (9/301 
AlDfOPHlLESI Tandberg TeO 42M 
professional ~ deck rtf!W S750, roN 
S375. TOSHIBA 19'" color t~ion, 
almast un~I Nf!YI $400 now S200 
contact THILO STOMPLER In the 
BEAGlE 250·s. (9/23) 
1975 Chevy Monza - 5 speed. 4 
(}linder, stick shift - I owner, sun roof. 
~ paint mint condition, n.1lS ~II. 
SI400 - 452-1331. (9/231 

I~ Skates - Brand rtf!W 11-12, ADGO 
books, comics. Tom 255-0192. (9/301 

Services 
STAR WORDS TYPING & WORD 
PROCESSING. 9580 BIk. M1n. Rd. SEe.G. 
Student papers, thesis. 57&-4041. (10/171 
Typing & Word Proc~ssing . in 
Clairemont. Tues-Fri 1()-6, Sat 9-1. Gail, 

T~ Enterprises, 279-4953. 111/71 

Lost Be Found 
Foundll Fun friendship and good ti~ 
- Sorority Rush 85, Sept 29, 3:30 pm 

I~mational C~ter. (9/231 

ELEK-TEK ••. 
SAVES YOU MORE 
ON CALCULATORS 

• El55 10 70 PC 135DA 135 El5500T 70 PC 150DA 150 
El5520 85 CE-125 119 
PC 1250A 70 CE 126P 55 
PC 1260 75 CE 150 150 
PC 1261 135 

M ~:~"L:~6 CALCULATORS 
HP- llC Scientific ..... ... 58 
HP-12C Financial ........ 90 
HP- l5C Scientific .. ... . .. 90 
H P - l 6C Programmer .. . . 90 

_

FREEl _ 
• New Adv,ntage • 

software module from 
H P with the purchase of 
any HP-41 at Elektek. 
OHer ends 11 / 15/ 85. 

HP-41C .............. 105" 
HP-41CV .... ......... 188 
HP-41CX ............. 246 j "" 
HP-71BComputer .... 399 a:;~=' .:....' ...., 
OPt ical Wand .......... 95 1 \ \ \ '1 
Card R •• der .......... 145 ',\ \ \ ~ 
Printer(82143A) ..... . 283 I \ I I 
HP-IL Module ... . . . . .. 95 I I \ I 
Dig. Casselle Drive .. 400 r.~ \ " \ 
HP-IL Printer ....... " 335 i ll I I I 
Th.nk Jet Printer . ..... 375 
9114A0 lskDrlve ..... 800 

Fb .... HEWLETT 
~..,.~ PACKARO 

·While limited suppll •• I •• t . 
CALL TOLL FREE 800 (,21 126q 

EXCEPT ILLINOIS . ALASKA 
ACC6SS0,.., dlscounled 100 M .... re. r., Of VtSA b y pttone 
01 ma,' MOI' Casn~f'C_"'M_0rG , ~"" C_ (2_ 
'O C'I) SOHynoCOD 'AtId '~OO I " ~"""_""""", 
& nond' ShPII '0 'L otldr, .. _ l' ta~ ~_ a ..... 10 
cnange Un,,,,,,Iy/COU,ge PO ', ___ In fno 
call., 10' " .. catalog 30- day r.turn POhcy lor defect,.,. 
mtrcllond,,, on.y ALL ELEI(· T[K MERCHANOISE .5 
BRAND NEW .STOUAUTY AND COMPLETE 

ELa(-Te< .lnc ''',: .; - -.'1 ,'--:; 


