
S.cientists 
find flaw 

• In new 
'miracle' 

sweetener 

See story, page 7 



2 Monday, Jan . Ii, 1985 
NE~ 

Declaring that the~ a~ "wide 
discrepancies between what local auto 
tune-up companies include in a 
'standard' rune-up", the UCSD chapter 
of the California Public Interest Group 
(CaIPlRG) released its January auto tune-
up survey. 

Over the winter break, srudent 
volunteers surveyed 23 companies 
which provide rune-ups and lubes in 
the area most accesible to UCSD 
srudents. The survey will benefit UCSD 
students and the surrounding 
community by providing guidlines for 
what to expect from a tune-up 
company. 

"Our survey reveals no hard and fast 
conclusions about the best buy-on the 
basis of price alone," noted Hana 
Abrhams, a UCSD sophomore who 
coordinated the survey. ·You have to 
pinpoint what the price includes in 
order to get good service and a fair 
deal." Many rune-up company managers 
were vague in their response to 
questions about exactly what pans of 
the car are checked or replaced for the 
quoted price estimate, according to 
Abrhams. 

CalPlRG recommends that smart car 
tune-up shoppers use the survey as a 
guide for comparing options overall , and 
that they then caU several companies to 
get price quotes which are specific to 
the age , make and condition of the car. 

According to Greg Wilpen, a CaIPIRG 
volunteer, "never before has information, 
which helps the consumers decide 
where to take their cars for rune-ups, 
been compiled and released for the 
UCSD community." 

Copies of the survey are available, 
free of charge, at the CalPlRG office 
located in the Srudent Center, Room 
208. 

CalPlRG is a statewide, non-panisan , 
and non-profit organization which 
conducts research and advocates for 
reforms on consumer and environmental 
issues affecting California citizens. 

o 
A medieval historian will describe 

how she rracked down an important 
figure in eigth century Belgium, at San 
Diego Independent Scholars' next 
meeting. Aline Hornaday, who received 
her Ph.D. in Medieval History from 
UCSD in 1984, will give her "Essay in 
Historical Detection" on Jan. 23 at 7:30 

pm in Room lIlA Chancellor's 
Complex, UCSD. 

Dr. Hornaday, of La Jolla , was co-
publisher of the San Diego Transcript 
for many years before embarking on 
graduate srudies. She spent several 
months in Belgium last year, as she 
sifted through ancient manuscripts to 
identify Dentelinus, a member of a 
family important in Belgium from the 
seventh to the 14th century. 

The meeting is open to the public 
and admission is free . 

San Diego Independent Scholars is 
pan of a nationwide movement to 
organize individuals who do scholarly 
work and may nO[ be affiliated with a 
university. The president of the local 
chapter is Joy Frieman of La Jolla. 
Funher information about the meeting 
or Independent Scholars is available 
from 454-1878. 

o 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography 

is offering a four-week course on marine 
mammals Wednesday evenings, January 
16 through February 6. 

Dr. Terri Williams, a research 
physiologist with Hubbs-Sea World 
Research Institute and a 1981 graduate 
of 510, will teach the course. covenng 
marine mammals from sea otters to 
whales. The class will meet from 7 to 
9:30 pm 10 the Scripps Aquarium 
classroom, on the SIO campus. Fee for 
the course is $50. 

For information , contact Scripps 
Aqaurium , 452-4578 . 

o 
A naturalist-led whale-watching boat 

trip sponsored by the Scripps Aquarium 
will be held from B:30-11 am on 
Sarurday, Feb. 2. This is the only whale-
watching excursion offered by the 
aquarium at UCSD's Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography. 

The fee for the trip is $7 per person , 
and advanced reservations are required. 
Children age nine or older can 
participate in the trip if accompanied 
by an adult. For further information and 
registration, caU Scripps Aquarium at 
452-4578. 

o 
Scientists at the School of Medicine 

have isolated and cloned a major 
portion of the gene linked to a rare, 
fatal disorder called fucosidosis, which 
causes seve re retardation and 

. '~ . f 

~----------~----------~ -~. 
-..... " ,.. 
- r-

.-.. .. ~ , 
II' IJI ~ ~ r' • ... "" ~"~ ., . • ,..t 

", l~ '1. ~ L..t' ... rw I,. l..oij I I ... ~ I ., .. II II ... • 
"" "" 

I'"' .. , , ,,:, r 101 
"" 

f- . t:.. i&t>c 
,{ L t ·, 

1 I V I ' , I .... '1 .'l~ 
1 ' 1 I 

Cover: First, someone realized that sugar rots your teeth and 
makes you fat, so saccharin was invented. it still rotted your 
teeth, but it didn't make you fat. Then someone discovered 
that saccharin gives you cancer (or at least gives laboratory 
rars cancer), so aspartame was invented (and marketed as 
Nutrasweet). Nutrasweet also rots your teeth, but at least it 
doesn't give you cancer. Now, UCSD's Dr. Jeff Bada has 
determined that aspartame undergoes a potentially (but not 
necessarily) harmful chemical change when heated. For 
many, this means back to the drawing board-or at least back 
to sugar. See cover story, page 7. 
News: Articles on Deukmejian's new fiscal year budget and what it 
means to UCSD and you, plus a look at Carol Padden, a deaf 
professor in the Communications Department. 
Opinions: An esoteric examination of a psychological equation 
that pervades existence within the boundaries ofTriton , a look at 
Star Wars, plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Many students feel forced to live in PB, but one 
among us has found his mecca in the pillars of Crystal Pier. Plus, 
reflections on the after-effects of Christmas via the "writer's i." 
Spons: Men 's basketball [urns in two of the best showings this 
season over the lIeekend , while men's volleyball drops one to Cal 
State Northridge. Plus a special look book at the third-annual 
UCSD Spirit Night-a third straight success 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 
OTE: THE CHEMtCAL DEPICfED IS NOT ASPARTAME 

neurological degeneration in its victims. 
These patients lack the enzyme 

fucosidase, which breaks down cereain 
cellular sugar compounds. These waste 
materials accumulate, leading to cell 
destruCtion. 

A research team directed by Dr. John 
S. O'Brien, professor of neurosciences at 
UCSD, has isolated most of the genetic 
message responsible for the production 
of fucosidase . Their results wiU be 
published in the Proceedings of the 
National Academy of Science. 

This message is in the fonn of 
complementaty DNA, or cDNA, which is 
a functional copy of the gene. The 
UCSD team reports that their clone 
codes for 80% of the fucosidase 
enzyme. The fragment can now be used 
as a hook to puU the entire gene out of 

the bank of genetic material being used 
in this work . 

It is also a large enough piece to 
provide important infonnation about the 
defect that leads to fucosidase 
defiCiency. 

Although rare, fucosidosis is one of a 
group of diseases caUed lysosomal 
diseases, or storage diseases, 
characterized by the storage in ceUs of 
materials that normally are broken down 
and eliminated . 

This is due to a deficiency or lack of 
a specific enzyme that aids in this 
process. 

One of the most widely-known of 
these diseases is Tay-Sachs disease, 
another fatal illness for which there is 
no cure. 

- Sean Wagstaff 
o asection----------------------------------------~ 
~ CCC attempts to pull Jesus out of a hat 

~ y 
Last Wednesday, just as the AS Council 

prepared to VOle on a request from the Campus 
Crusade for Christ (CCC) for a $2,290 underwrite 
to bring a world-renowned illusionist to UCSD, a 
student in the audience asked , "Is this illusionist the famous 
evangelist Andre Kole?" which provoked an hour long discussion 
amongst the entire council who were unaware of the complete nature 01 
Kole's program. 

Since this was a significantly larger budget request than the CCC had ever 
made in the past, Activity Fee Chairperson Jill Lifschiz opened her presentation 
nOling that AS bookeeper Nom Aust said, "The Campus Crusade for Christ is good 
for twO million dollars if they request it." 

Last year the CCC received an allocation of $235 from the AS Council to show 
the controversial film AsSignment Life, which was billed as "a film and discussion 
dealing with the medical ethics Qf abortion ," but which many felt presented an anti-
abollion viewpoint. 

Mike Eben, petitioner for this year's CCC.Andre Kole program and Ihe Assignment Ufe 
presentation, said, "When I said that the solution (to the abortion controversy) was 
neither found in government nor in man-created religion but rather in the person Jesus 
Christ, the auditorium slightly exploded. I imagine that some felt betrayed , deceived, 
subjected to preaching." 

Many members of the AS Council also reacted with alarm when informed that the 
ilhlsionist would also evangelize on what the representative from CCC described as the 
illUSIons in our lives and how true reality can only be reali zed th rough Jesus Christ. 

During the discussion period , AS Council members argued for and against the funding of 
the CCC activity. Those in favor of funding felt since the evangelistic pOllion would occur 

after [he main two-hour illUSionist show and a 
I shon intermission (which would allow people 

to leave), there was a clear separation between the 
• illusionist and the evangelist segments. They also argued that if 
the council was concerned with the legality and appropriateness 

of funding an evangelist on campus, why not challenge the AS 
Council's financial suppon of other CCC activities and the 

publication of the religiOUS newspaper L'Chayim? 
Opponents of the illusionist/ evangelist were concerned the evening 

might become a religious circus . asking how you can separate a man's 
n .. rf"rm~ln (' .. from his message when he is a known evangelist. AS President Marc 

itsky said, "LaSt year's council supponed both the Assignment Life film and 
Angela Davis' lecture in good faith not knOWing they would be used more for 
religious and political reasons. Thankfully, a member from the audience has 

pointed out a fact the CCC left out of their proposal, otherwise we might have gone 
ahead and funded another event that we would regret later: 
BOth sides finally agreed that since there was significantly new information vitally 

imponant to the nature of the program, the proposal should be tabled untll the next 
council meeting. 

Commissioner Lifschiz has scheduled an aCitivity fee commission meeting to 
reconsider the request from CCc. lifschiz said , "Even though the committee recommended 
funding at the last council meeting, I now suspect that deCision may be reversed because the 
Campus Crusade for Christ did not fully describe the intention of the activity." 

Boroditsky invites all students interested in this and Other issues concernmg UCSD 10 
attend the 6:30 pm Wednesday AS Counci l meetings in the North Conference Room. 

- Christopher Canole 

'Duke' submits 
big budget for UC 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Cormpondtnc 

Governor George Deukmejian's 533.6 
billion budget for 1985-86, released 
Thursday after six months of planning 
and a week of intense speculation , 
contained few surprises for the 
University of California. 

Deukmejian proposed that 51.6 
billion from the state's general fund go 
to UC's 53.7 billion budget-an increase 
in state funds of 11.7%-along with 
another 5151 million in capital outlay 
moneys. 

The increase, pan of what has been 
described by the Governor's Office as a 
three-year plan to rebuild the 
University's infrastrucrure, means no 
student fee hikes and a continuation of 
the financial aid buy-out established this 
fiscal year. 

The buy-out, which is costing the 
state SIO million, will require an 
additional S12 million state 
appropriation in the next fiscal year. 

The Governor's plan also includes 
$87.7 million to finance an 8.8% faculty 
salaty increase (which will keep UC 
faculty earnings 1.5% above average 
professor salaries at eight comparable 
academic institutions), S12 million for 
instructional equipment, and S25 
million to upgrade teaching hospitals. 

Altogether, Deukmejian's proposal for 
higher education, which includes 51.2 
billion for the California State University 
system, takes up 50% of his general 
fund budget. 

UC Spokesman Valerie Sullivan said 
the S25 million increase for three 
financially troubled teaching hospitals, 
which still treat indigent patients, wasn't 

specificaUy requested by the University. 
Ten million dollars of those funds 

have been pegged for capital 
improvements at Davis, Irvine and San 
Diego hospitals . However, Deukmejian 
ignored a request for 52.4 million for 
health sciences, which was cut during 
the 1983-84 fiscal year. 

Deukmejian's budget for UC differs 
from the Board of Regents' request by 
twO percent. Sullivan said UC is 
"obviously pleased" and "will be served 
very well" by the budget, even though 
some projects are dependent on 
unpredictable state lottety funds and 
some requests for increases in research 
were quashed. 

Although the proposal to provide $6 
million for instructional computers with 
the lottery money doesn't worry the 
University, it has touched a nerve at the 
UC Student Lobby. 

Student Lobby DireclOr Ron Balestrieri 
said the Governor's decision to earmark 
lottery money in the budget sets a 
dangerous precedent. "If lottety funds 
and state funds are combined in the 
budget, and they begin comingling, 
we're concerned that lonery funds will 
begin to replace state money: 

Sullivan said that the UC budget 
analysts are confident that the S6 
million will materialize through the 
lottery, despite the fact that the 
Governor is a month late with his 
Lottery Commission appointments and 
the lottety will not begin in March as 
originaUy planned. 

~>~C~0-NT=I~N~UE=D~0~N~PAG~E~8~> 

THE FOOD FOR THOUGHT CO. 
WE DELIVER ... 

481-3397 

Roundtable Pizza &: Roberto's Mexican Food twice 
nightly, Sunday thru Thursday, We have changed the 
time on our Roundtable Pizza delivery from 10:00 pm 
to 7:00 PM to better fulfill your dinnenime needs. We 
have also enlarged our menu, offering Roundtable's 
pizzatato, sandwiches and their full range of pizza 
sizes. Our Robeno's Mexican Food delivery will 
continue to be held at 11 :30 PM, 
Place your order at least 45 minutes in advance of the 
speCified delivery time. Groups and organizations-
ask us about our party packages. 
REMEMBER: When Hunger Strikes, We Deliver! 

PSSSTT! ' 
THINKING 

ABOUT' 
DOIMG 

AN INTERNSHIP 
SPRING QUARTER? 

l~~~rrJ', 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 15 

7:00 PM 
STUDENT CENTER 

NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM 
For more Informorion, call 452-4689 or Slop by our office In the S~nl C.",..r, 

Monday, Jan. 14, 1985 3 

Almost $3 million are slated to replace the old Scripps Institution of Oceanography pier. 

UCSD to get millions 
Five major capital improvement projects for the University of California, San Diego, 

including construction money for UCSD's new engineering building, have been included in 
the 1985-86 California budget proposed by Governor Deukmajian. 

UCSD ChanceUor Richard Atkinson noted that the proposed budget directly addresses 
San Diego's severe shonage of academic facilities and continues to build on the significant 
improvements contained in the current budget. . 

"The proposed budget will mean the start of several major projects that wiU go a long way 
in solving our critical space problem," Atkinsons said. "The budget provides a balanced 
capital program that will meet many of our campus needs in the sciences and engineering as 
well as the social sciences and the ans ." 

Included in the budget are the following improvement projects at the San Diego campus: 
-Engineering Building Unit 1 (534.394 million) - For construction of a 128,700 
assignable-square-foot building to provide instruction and research space for engineering 
and computer science programs. The building, which is the number one priority of an 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 8 > 

golt {!1J1,talt~ 
~ INCLUDES: 

Contact lenses, $trg.~ examination, patient training, follow up, chemical care kit 
with student 1.0. and fitting. 

'1 -i • EXTENDED WEAR ~\t LENSES ONLY $265.00 
THE ClASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0 ,0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion I.kliley Center 
295-0537 

lOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0 .0 . 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

Don your sweats, shorts 
& come to OCR's Aerobic Mixer, 

Here's your chance to meet our instruc-
tors and enjoy a free special hour class 
geared to all ability levels. 

12 noon-1 



4 Monday. Jan . 14. 1985 

A report from the Guardian Guild 
This analysis has been prepared Jor distribution to the Planetary Press 

Corps located in the areas called Triton . 
We believe we have dicovered the psychological formula that leads [Q 

apathy. [n this photo essay, the equation Hb x Hd(lnt + Ins)=A will be 
explained and proved as a legitimate analysis of the cumulative state of 
attitude exhibited among the citizens of the Triton Territory. The report 
was prepared in light of the increasing aura of aloofness that is 
emulated in the body language of the studied species. 

Our attempts at intellectual provocation have failed ; our well disgUised 
ploy of black journalism has backfired. Some unidentifiable forces have 
bound the creative capabilities of the citizens in a plastic folder and will 
not open the clasps. They will not express themselves publicly; they are 
afraid of being reprimanded by their peers. Our recommendation to you 
if you wish to induce a dialectic discussion of the prevalent issues of 
the era is as follows: Study the calculated equation wi th rigor and 
instruct your managers to reverse the process. We believe this method 
should dissipate the terminal existence of muted opinion . Remember, 
examine the equation carefully. 

(1) The letter-integer Hb represents the common feeling of being 
heartbroken. The two entities pictured here personify that emotion . The 
male entity has just severed a long-term relationship with the female 
entity. Her gasping desire for condolence is being shunned by the tiny 
nihilist; he ignores passion and disdains the irrationality of regret. His 
posture or ponderence, the synchronicity of their puzzlement, is a key 
to a primary comprehension of the roots of apathy. For who acts with a 

general concern when romanticism is dashed? Our hypotheSis is that 
this species-patented response to rejection of any sort is a feigned 
indifference, a benign growth of self-protectionism. 

When the two subjects pictured here go their separate ways, it is 
highly probable that they will seek a passage of comfort; the native 
expression for this act is tenned "drowning your :;orrows." They may 
seek liquid stimulants or put fire to an herb that injects a lyrical 
melancholy into their veins. Anothe'r option for these clinically 
depressed entities is an overly indulgent hearing of other natives' 
viewpoints on the implications of the schism. This step-the most self-
defeating of all possible choices-nominally leaves a sour taste in the 
mouths of the heartbroken. This leads us to the second element in the 
birth of the apathetic citizen. 

(2) The letter integer Hd represents the act of "heavy drinking." This 
state can be informally called "into the belly of the beast" Notice the 
look of defiance, the violent, quivering creases around the mouth. Also 
be aware of the peculiar etching at the brow. We believe that the 
destructed romantic slowly turns into a staggering example of primative 
regression. For within our interpretation of the reason for such heavy 
native use of liqUid stimulants is included a theory of the legitimacy of 
true bravery (when one gulps down ounces upon ounces of the water of 
wisdom every evening to regain one's guts, it is assumed that there is no 
real strength of character). 

Now, a very useful deduction can be made if you look at the 
paraphernalia that surrounds the subject. Think back to your 
preliminary studies of the governing corporations of the planet There 
you have it. The subject has obviously lost his social consciousness and 
concern [or the other members of the species. He is indirectly 
supporting the Organization of Coors, an economic detenniner and 
moral stigma within the mindset of the general citizenry. He simply 
soaks himself with apathy! 

A surprising feature of this element in the equation is contained 
within its most pungent manifestation. The drowsiness of the state of 
Hd rapidly becomes (although it forever leaves itself in the bloodstream; 
i.e., "hangover") serious mental exploration. > CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

Monday. jan. 14. 1985 5 

Star Wars: a market demand 
By JOSEPH J. ROMM 

With the prospect of renewed US-Soviet arms 
control talks. it is imponant to understand how arms 
talks fit into President Reagan's overall program of 
nuclear weapons deregulation. The Reagan 
Administration views nuclear weapons much as it 
views other industrial products: Any regulation on 
production-no maner how well intentioned-
anificially reduces supply and hinders growth. 
Eliminating regulations will result in a market-governed 
or "narural" production rate that can serve only to 
prevent shonages and stimulate expansion. 

Therefore. the United States must avoid the 
pOinrlessly intrusive regulatiOns that tie the hands of 
weapons manufacturers. Avoiding regulation has 
proved very productive in the past: In the early 19705, 
the US refrained from regulating multiple warheads 
(MIRVs) on missiles. anowing supply to reach demand. 
which in the case of the US was ror an average of two 
nuclear bombs per Iand-based miss~. The Soviet 
Union, though not itself a capitali. nation, also 
benefited from the lack of regulatory control and by 
the late 19705, had an average of four nuclear bombs 
per land-based missile. This has, in rum, stimulated 
demand in the US for the new ten-warhead MX Iand-
based missile. t ' 

It is this type of free nuclear market that the Reagan 
administration has been seeking to promote for new 
weapons such as the cruise missile. The production 
and deployment of these small, pilotless planes will be 
difficult to verify, but they are now at a stage of develop-
ment where limitations could still be monitored. There-
fore, four more years of unrestricted production is crucial 
to stimulating the prolife .... llion of thousands of air-
launched. sea-launched and ground-launched cruise 
missiles on both ·sides to a level that could frustrate any 
future anempts to regulate the cruise missile. 

The administration not only wants to forego new 
regulations, but also hopes to remove old ones. Perhaps 
the most significant existing regulation is the anti-
ballistic missile (ABM) treaty of 1972, which is a two-
fc;>ld hindrance to growth. It direcdy limits the supply 
of ABM systems that try to shoot down enemy missiles. 
This in rum indirecdy reduces the demand for 
offensive missiles, which, if built in quantity. could be 
used to overwhelm the best of ADM systems. 

It is only narural that the Reagan administration is 
anempting to undermine this doubly restrictive treaty. 
The Strategic Defense Initiative announced in Reagan's 
speech of March 23, for instance, calls for tens of 
billions of dollars to be spent on "Sun Wars" style ABM 
weapons whose deployment would result in complete 
ABM deregulation . 

The major obstacle to the Administration's laissez 
faire program is Congress' love of regulatory control. To 
overcome this opposition, the Administration has been 
forced to present a semblance of interest in arms 
regulation at the Strategic Arms Reduction lalks 
(START), both during Reagan's first term, and in the 
recent Geneva talks. 

Not unexpectedly, the proposal the US presented to 
the START talks was designed to be unacceptable to 
the Soviets. The US START proposal seemed equitable 
in calling for equal limits on land-based warheads. Yet, 
most Soviet warheads are land··based, while most US 

warheads are on bombers and subs. The proposal 
would have forced the Soviets to slash their oversized 
land-based missile force by more than a half, while allow-
ing the US to go through with aU of its new nuclear wea-
pons systems. The Reagan START proposal was US pro-
tectionism at its best, and its success at heading off agree-
ment beTWeen the superpowers was well deserved . 

The Administration's effons are not solely based on 
its distrust of regulations. They also reflect a desire to 
encourage the growth of capitalism in the Soviet 
Union, for it is thought that the more the Soviets 
become like Americans, the safer both sides will be. 

Creating new incentives to stimulate production is 
perhaps the hean of capitalism. The US ,has hoped for 
a long time that the Soviet Union would take the 
initiative in the arms race, rather than merely 
responding to US stimulation, as it has with most 

Doonesbury 

weapons, such as the multiple warhead. In this respect, 
we should all be encouraged. Soviet enterprise in anti-
satellite weapons, represents an obviously capitalistic 
attempt to create new incentives in the United States 
and has already served to stimulate US competition in 
this so-far neglected area. 

The recent Geneva Talks provide the 
Administration's program an important boost in this 
fearful time of deficits and budget CUts. The 
Administration holds that the only thing that will drive 
the Soviets to the bargaining table is the US's 
continued arms build-up. , 

In this way, constant, unsuccessful arms talks help 
the Reagan Administration stay the course on the full 
arms decontrol program that will forever free nuclear 
weapons from artificial restraints of government-
imposed regulation. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

MAKING DECISIONS_EASIER 
Family Planning Associotes Medical Groups professional concerned 
staH can give you the support you need when making decisions 
obout your personal heolth care needs. COli todoy for on immediate 
appointment. 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 
• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 

with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned p'regnancy 

Mon. - ThurI, 
Frl. 

Sat. 
Sun. 

41/Z~ 
Self SeN Ice Copies 

8am-spm 
~7-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, 
(Near RaiphiA ScJy.()n) 

8am-6pm 
100m -5 pm 
12 noon -5 pm 

THE FLJfURECOPV PLACE 

• AFFORDABLE BI RTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

,..,., FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
..... MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 



6 Monday, Jan. Ii, 1985 

Orders from the Guild 

( CONTINUED FROM PAGE .. < 
(3) The leiter-integer 1m represents 
"Intellectualism." Our romantically 
shattered subject has grown tired of the 
regressive illusions of the bitter liquid 
and henceforth plunges into the strains 
of intellectual thought. Notice the 
decorative aspects of native thought. We 
believe the head covering is worn so as 
to prevent brain seepage. The rings 
hooked around the ear region are used 

to keep a consistent and circular flow of 
ideas within a hand's reach. The pursed 
lips and spongy jaw skin are both signs 
of analytiC saturation. Here we search 
for the roots of apathy by defining the 
stage of intellectual vigor as a mere 
additive to a much larger, more 
conclusive design. For as the subject 
adorns herself with collars of silver, so 
does the particular Triton lace its 
personaliry with flowery clic hes . 

AIR FORCE AlWAYS 
NEEDS MORE LEADERS. 

We're lookmg for pilots ... navigators ... missileers .. . engmeers ... 
math majors ... people managers ... doctOrs ... scientists .. joumahsts 
.. and more. And the Air Force ROTC program is a great way to get 
into a skill like one of these which can help you improve your 
leadership ability and your profeSSional competence. 

As a commissioned officer In the Air Force, you can be proud of 
the role you play in your community and the contnbutlon you make 
to your country's security. You can know that you're domg 
someth ing of importance, something with responsIbility. 

The Air Force ROTC program offers a way to help you achieve 
these goals. As an AFROTC cadet, you'll team about leadership , 
management, and more . You'll learn about the benefits o f bei ng an 
officer later on, like an excellent salary. medical and d ental care, 
housing and food allowances, and 30 days of vacation wi th pay 
each year. You'll discover a whole new world open to you in theAir 
Force. And you can get there through AFROTC. 

Look into it right away. You'll be glad you did. 

CALl AFROTC AT SDSU 265-55451 
o 

ROTC 
Gateway to a great way of life. 

It is among the bastion of clich~s 
where we have discovered the Tritons 
slipping into a world of morose insanity. 
They are clich~s of political 
worthlessness, termed by the natives as 
either "liberal" or "conservative." We 
consider the letter-integer Int . 
promiscuous, for the state of 
intellectualism appears rational. In fact , 
the very existence of the intellectual 
stage can only be ·seen as a prescience 
for irrationality, or insanity, as the 
Tritons would define. 
(4) The letter-integer Ins represents the 
temporary state of existential insanity. 
This onslaught of undefinable confusion 
is the foremost indicator of apathy. For 
an apathetic posture is one of 
exhaustion, and exhaustion leads to a 
careless society. 

The subject pictured here seems to be 
levitating. Take note of her swimming 
eyes, nearly detached neck and 
geomerrically obtuse stance. She is 
ablaze, a cold-hearted warrior o f 
decrepit valor. You might expect a 
physical explosion from such· a Triton, 
but to expect is to be deceived. The 
subject is actuaDy winding down , "falling 
from the heights of anxiety," as one 
native described it. 

This stage is the final preparation for 
the inevitable decision that each Triton 

makes before we can realistically stallfy 
their position on the p~net. We believe 
(and nOl withOUt a severe amount of 
conviction that this sociologically 
distruaght citizen has wallked into the 
room of ilJ1ltionality as a matter of 
course. Triton nature, if we may borrow 
the expression . These citizens have 
been so well trained at holing-up within 
their psyches that any other option . for 
attitude is obscured. This i!l why we 
have added Int to Ins, for the sum of 
these two states is the median between 
rationality and irrationaliry. Apathy, or 
nothingness in motion. 
(.5) At this moment, your tool, the 
equation Hb )( Hd(lnt + Ins)-A. 
(heanbrokenness times heavy drinking 
times [intellectualism plus insanity J 
equals apathy) beco,"es a proven. This 

photograph depicts a 'SS;tne 
commonplace in Triton society: tied-up 
hearts stepping on the freedom of 
opinion. Sand washing away initiative. 
Newspapers eroding into the ground. 
The air, wate r and heavens spouting 
apathy, cowering in frOnt of infinity. 

This is the repon we present to the 
Planetary Press Corps. Prepared and 
presented by the Royal Order at the 
Guardian Guild, January 12, 1985. Please 
reverse the process immediately. 

-~C 

UC SAN mEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 
f · I L ~ E R·I E S 

1 . 9 . 8, . 5 
prt!sentt!d by UCSD University Ewnts Offict! 

ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE 
BEST FOREIGN FILM 

"STRIKINGLY HANDSOME •.• A GRACEFUL. DIlEAMLIKE 
EXTRAVAGANZA. RECALLS THE KIND OF COMEDY 01' 
WHICH JACQUES TATI WAS MASTER ••• THE EYE AND THE 
EAR ARE DAZZLED." 

-Vlaceat CaDby. NEW lOaK TIMES 

"RANKS AMONG THE MOST AMAZING 
AND UNIQUE MUSICAL MOVIES EVER 
MADE!" 

-Brace William_a. PLAYBOY MAGAZINE 

AFILM BY 

ETTORE SCOLA 

January 15: San Diqo Premiere 
7:30 pm Mandeville Auditorium 

Series $2000, Siolle GoA. $500• Studenh $300 
Tkketron &. UCSD 80. Office: -452-4559 

Monday, Jan. H . 1985 7 

Cover story 

Artificial sweetener becomes a hot topic 
By EDWARD ISRAEL Confibuting News Editor 

A SPARTAME, POPUlARLY known as the sweetener Nutrasweet, the frequently used sugar substitute , 
changes when it is boiled and results in 
an "unnatural" version of the sweetener, 
reports a study at UCSO's Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

The study, conducted in part by Dr. 
Jeffrey Bada, found that heating for 
extended periods of time causes 
significant changes in two amino acids 
contained in aspartame-aspartic acid 
and phenylalanine. 

Nonnally, both of these amino acids 
exist in a fonn that causes light to rotate 
to the left. Known as the l -isomer, it is 
similar to other occuring proteins and 
can be properly metabolized by the 
body. 

When aspartame is boiled, the amino 
acids change to their mirror image, 
research indicated. CaBed O-isomers, 
these changed amino acids rotate light 
to the right. This change, known as 
amino acid racemization, has been 
shown to occur in proteins after the 
death of an organism. 

The studies, published in the 
Proceedings of the National Academy of 
Sciences, should have been conducted 
before aspaname was put on the market 
by the US Food and Drug 
Administration, Bada stated. Although 
there is no way to know if some 
company testing had been performed , 
some may have been done. Bada 
believes the company, G.O. Searle &. 
Co., should have mentioned any testing 
"just for completeness sake." 

Skepncism of the testing of aspaname 
has been brewing in the scientific 
community, and , according to a San 
Diego Union article, some 'researchers 
have suggested that the substance may 
alte r brain chemistry, and thus behavior. 

The FDA maintains aspartame is not 
hannful. "It has been one of the most 
widely tested additives going back over 
the years. Our evidence is that it is safe 
fo r the uses for whIch it has been 
approved ," said an FDA spokesman. 

Bada has proposed a series of studies 
with aspartame including using animals 
to deterimine if the O-isomer amino 
acid is toxic, and experiments to 
determine if the change occurs with 
aspartame in the presence of other food 
ingredients. 

Accord ing to Bada, the consequences 
of th is chemical alteration are not 
known, and no one knows if complex 
proteins can be broken down by the 
body. 

Currently, no indication exists that 
aspaname in soft drinks racemizes . 
under normal conditions , but Bada did 
say that the complex mixture in the 
drinks may induce a reaction. 

"The real concern in my mind is the 
phenylalanine: said Bada. "It is an 
essential amino acid. We have to eat it 
because we don't make it ourselves. It is 
required for our metabolism. If we ingest 
O-phenylalanine, we have no idea if 
that is good or bad. I don't think 
anybody does. 

Scientists warn that the artificial 
sWeetener should not be used in hot 
drinks or in cooking until more safety 
tests are completed on the effects of the 
changed chemical. 

"The argument the industty has made 
is that aspartame is not a problem 
because once you ingest it, it is rapidly 
digested on the gut," Bada said. "It 
never gets into the bloodstream so it 
would never get into the brain itself. But 
that's only true for the l fonn . If it's in 
the 0 fonn, the body isn't going to 
metabolize that nearly as quickly. It 
could get into the bloodstream and 
oould get involved in some brain 
function . We don't know." 

Dr. Jeffrey Bada discovered that aspartame is altered when heated. 

"We're not Saying that God, this is 
going to kill you tombrrow if you drink 
it in your coffee, or when you make 
sweet and sour pork or something like 
that," Bada said. "But it is something 
that should be looked at straight away. I 
wouldn't use it in my coffee." £:J 

ll'flog , Winter Won*rland high ,top 
JIlL San Jacinto, in Uni~rsitg uehicles 
you will be transporta to Palm Springs 
,nd then ride to 8-'00 {eet uU the Aerial 
TramWII/. I"mm tM lodge ,t the top you 
c.n explore tM runy CIDSS country ski 
trails. Absolutely no experience 
necaYf1I. 

Cost of $30.00 Includes: 
• Transportation 

Trip Dates: 
Sat.,Jan. 19, 26 
Sat., reb. 2,9,23 
Sat.. Mar. 2,9 

; SkIs/roles/Boots 
• Instruction 
• Tram 'ncket 7 am to evening 

Open to students and faculty/staff with Rec. Cards. 
Sign up and details at x400 7 

ConyonVlew AdmInistrative Offices 
Department of Phvslcal Education 

, 

£l.lAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN Californian. 

~,.,. ...,e alii"'" _ $JJ (reg. '18) 
~UIoII ."Ie cllU (fW _II $10 (reg. 'Ui 

DlrcdIoul puwu U5 (reg. 140) Sc."".MftII lUI .. (full -.tJ $I, (reg. HO) 
I'IMICII/'C W h41c1lft $15 (reg. UBI CelI."....e $15 (trg. '25) 

0IIe ,."",. /k'" _ U' (reg. $.5.5) 
ORe Itour --.c _ 'l5 (reg. $J5) 

Sp«y/iJts III bUck luir 
A full sef1);ce $MOil 

7608 li"tII I1st.1 R4. (I'fes. Co/lege Dr. '" 11U) ~ 
I'feMI.MIoII (formerl!J U Jo/y Cutting Co.) 7'7 I'eMt SL.u Jo/u 

f~"70 f~I'15 
SpecY/s good with .t with seltlcted sIiJIisls through l/l8/8$ 

~~~~ 
The home of the 

39¢ halll.burger. 
" l ~'DoIt4Anm J£It». 
~\ \",m,\ \\.1 ,. 

\ 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I.L.~II!II. ~!!'!!! !!!!!-_!!-_!!~!!~!!!!~~!!~!!!!!!!!!_ ..... .JI 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder® with Cheese. Larxe Fry. 

Medium-Size Soft Drink 

limit o n" <"o u po n p" r 
( ustom"r, p~r Visi t . Pkasc 
pr "s" nl (o up o n wh .: n 
urJ"rin~ . Nol v.lhd With .my 
other ofkr . 

Good Ihm 
reh. H 198'; 

Just $1.99 
(plw tax) 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Diego ~~lIIII.I 



8 Monday, Jan. 14, 1985 

"Dune" gives education a boos!. 

UC 
Budget 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 ;; 

"We expect to be funded through the 
lottery, or we'll go back to the (State ) 
Department of Finance. We have no 
problem with it ," she said . 

State Director of Finance Jesse Huff, 
who outlined the budget to reporters 
during a one-and-a-half-hour session 
Thursday, said the education budget 
was built "without any consideration of 
what the lottery might produce: and the 
funds were included to satisfy lottery 
initiative language. 

"We're still six months away from the 
beginning of the fiscal year," she said 
when asked if programs to take the 
lottery funds were in any jeopardy. 

The Department of Finance estimates 
UC will receive $8 million of the $330 
million it expects the loctery to generate. 
Initiative backers had said the lottery 
would generate more than $600 million 
for education. 

Deukmejian reduced the University's 
request for an $8 million increase in 
research for such areas as 
biotechnology, toxic studies, gene 
resources and agricultural policie to $5 
mIllion. The reductlon could result to no 
increase in state funding in earthquake 
engineering research and the faculty 
research fund (money the Academic 
Senate may allocate for certain projects). 

Deukmejian's budget does proVIde 
$500,000 for research whIch could bring 
a superconducting super collider-type of 
particle accelerator to the lawrence 
Berkeley laboratOry. 

Deukmejian's budget also calls for a 
21.3% mcrease to the Student Aid 
Commission , which could result in 
thousands of new Cal Grants and 
fellowships bemg awarded in the next 
academic year. IlJ 

UCSD Budget 
< CONtlNUED FROM PAGE J 
capital improvements in the UC system, is scheduled to begin construction next year. rhe 
demand for additional engineering space has become critical at UCSD. Currently about 25 
percent of all undergraduates and 20 percent of all graduate students are enrolled in 
engineering programs. The new building will accomodate the expansion of UCSD's 
engineering program which began in 1982. Funding for the engineering building would 
come from revenue bonds. 
- Instruction and Research Facility ($400,000) - For preliminary planning of an 80,000 
assignable-square-foot instruction and research facility . The facility will house the 
Departments of Anthropology, History and Political Science as well as the Science, 
Technology and Public Affairs Program. It will also provide additional space for the physiCS 
department, for the music department and for classrooms. 
- Scripps Institute of Oceanography Seawater Supply System and Pier Replacement ($2.972 
million ) - For construction of a new seawater supply system and concrete pier at 510. The 
existing pier is 65 years old and suffered damage during recent winter storms. The pier is a 
key facility for many of SIO's world renowned oceanography research projects. 
- UCSD Medical Center Intensive Care Unit Modernization and Consolidation, part of a 
$10 million capital program for medical centers at UCSD, UC Davis and UC Irvine. At UCSD 
the funds will be used for working drawings and partial construction to expand the neonatal 
intensive care unit to meet community demands, and to consolidate the surgical and 

More than S100,000 have been requested for improvements for the ventUation systems oj 
Urey Han. 

medical intensive care units to effect cost savings through increased efficiency and 
modernization. 
- Urey Hall Air Handling Systems Improvements ($108,000) - For preliminary plans and 
working drawings to correct ventilation code deficiencies in research laboratories in Urey 
Hall, which houses programs in chemistry and engineering. This project includes 
modifying heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems. Urey Hall , completed in 1963, 
was the first permanent classroom and laboratory building built on the UCSD campus. 

Also included in the operating budget are three recommendations that will affect the 
UCSD campus. The budget proposes relief for UCs fiscally strapped teaching hospitals 
through a $15 million temporary subsidy. According to William B. Baker, vice president for 
budget and university relations, the university'S three former counry hospitals-at Davis, 
Irvine and San Diego-have been under severe financial pressures "largely because about 
70% of their patients are sponsored by government programs which do not provide 
adequate cost reimbursement." 

The governor also recommended that $1 million be spent for the development and 
support of a' national supercomputer center. The San Diego campus and GA Technologies 
have proposed to the National Science Foundation that UCSD become the location for one 
of four such supercomputer centers. If approved, the supercomputer would link a 
consortium of 18 public and private resear(,h mstitutions by land and s?~ellites to a 
computer based at UCSD. 

In addition, the proposed budget provides $13.9 million to meet the cost of an expected 
increase of $3,750 students in 1985-86 and $45.9 million to meet hikes in other fixed costs, 
such as utilities, hbrary materials and laboratory supplies. Il::) 

I~AG01TA 
BELl II" •• 

Teaching 
without 
hearing 
By LAURIE VOLKIN 

W HAT DOES communication mean? At UCSD it means a variety of courses, theories 
and professors with diverse backrounds. 
Professor Carol Padden , of the 
Communication Department, has a 
unique approach when it comes to 
communicating with her students. 

Born of deaf parents, she overcame 
her impaired hearing by learning to 
communicate in the hearing world 
through a combination of speech, sign 
language and a class interpreter. She 
chose not to limit herself to 
communicating with only the deaf; she 
accepted the unfamiliarity and challenge 
of a hearing world. 

Earning a Ph.D. in Linguistics at 
UCSD, Padden believes the 
Communication Department's strength 
hes in its "diverse background and" 
ability to treat communication issues 
multifaceted; from a historical, economIc 
and political viewpoint." Treating the 
many issues, concerns and knowledge 
of the deaf community, Padden gives an 
insightful view through her lectures, 
drawing upon educational and personal 
experience. 

Padden directs attention to issues of 
communication from the point of view 
of an individual, "identifying symbolic 
behavior and language development: 
Contributing various publications and 
oral presentations on deaf culture and 
sign language, Padden is very involved 
in the UCSD Communication 
Department as a lecturer, researcher and 
faculty advisor to "Women in 
Communication. " 

Her most recent work (with David 
Perlmutter of the Linguistic Department) 
is a technical paper entitled "Evidence 
for Sign Language Phonology." It focuses 
on the organization of the sound system 
and rules for how sound units are put 
together. Padden explains how "sign 
language is an entry point to study the 
theory of human language: and the 
organizing principle of language is not 
dependent on speech but on human 
cognitive ability. 

Many students find Padden an 
interesting and informative lecturer. As 
one student explains, she offers "a new, 
and fresh viewpoint on language and 
communication, giving depth and 
inSight into the deaf culture." 

Padden has always been interested in 
communication and people, and as she 
explains, "I have always looked for 
unfamiliarity in my environment. It is 
intellectually more stimulating to work in 
an unfamiliar, new surrounding, and 
this is what keeps me going." ~ 

If you believe in aU the things that make this 
country great 

baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, late-night Mexican food runs, 
scantily clad bodies lying on the beach, leaping over tall 
buildings in a Single bound, the UCSD Guardian, and a 
host of others 

It 's true-the new year is here at lastl The time has arrtved 
lor resolutions to be made. Campus Recreation has a 
suggestion (actually over sixty suggestions) to make 
new friends while learning something new and keeping 
lit. How? Sign-up lor a recreation class or club! 
See displays and meet instructors at: 

then you may qualify for the most glorious position on campus: 
UCSD Guardian staff writer. 

Come by the Guardian office (next to the Che Cafe, south-
east of Revelle) and pick up a handout, or caU Phil Lauder at 
452-6580. Get imo the Guardian-for all you believe 

lee Class and Club Day 
Wed Jan.16 

Sign up and details at x4007 
Canyonvtow Administrative Offices 
Dopartment 01 Ptws1col Education 

Monday,Jan . 14,198.5 9 
. .' ". . ...' . . , .. . . . .,,' . ' . '. " '.' .. N.~~ .. • . •. ) ... .- .... ~ 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
VCSD 

You ~ Know Your Major 
leARNiNG skilLs CeNTeR has 

STUDENT CENTER 

452-0630 

A Multi-dimensional Testing Program 
INDMDUALIZED FOR YOU. 

Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 
Day or Ni~ht 

tt1 Bring 5 Friends-Get YOur T es~ing Free 
~ leARNiNG skilLs CeNTeR ' 

"AN EXTRAORDINARY MOVIEI" 
.... ......... .. 

"So compelling and convincing you can't tear your eyes from the screen. 
It is not to be missed." 
NewswHl\ Dayld A,n5efl 

"The best film I've seen this year. At its best, movies just don't get any better." 
Good Moullng Amenco JOel s.eoe! 

"Unforgettable. A movie to haunt your memory. One of the ten best 
of the year." , 

-CIS MotOlog News Pal CoMIns 

"One of the year's best movies. A stirring true story of friendship and valor 
that captures human drama with true compassion. II has one of the most 
competing conclusions you'll ever see." 

-us ~. Steohen Schoelet 

"Powerful and Exhilarating! An indelible portrait of all the conflicting 
emotions with which journalists experience war. An extraordinary movie," 

-vogue Moly HaUleil 

"If you see no more than one film a year, 
make it this one. Oscar nominations are clearly 
on thewa(' . 
-~ MCJgOlInIe, Fet .. "0"''''' 

'''The KilHng Fields' is not a film you can afford to miss." 
-.AXtIn'l c ...... ~at.cI Cotumnsl 

---.-

FREE SCREENING 
TONIGHT 

8:00 PM 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Passes required Available at VCSD Box Office 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS. 

"ATe NOll OK to drive?" 
"Whats a./ew beers?" 

"Did you have too lIIuch to drink?" 
"'/'III pe1fectlyfille." 
~A,.e yo/{ ii, allY shape to driver 

"I've IleverIelf belter." 

"/ think you've !tad afeu' too //lal/y_" 
·Ycm kicklill, / cau drive 

witli 11/,1/ (lies closed," 

"You've had too IImch to drink, 
let lIle drive." 

"No/xxly drives Illy car bllt /lie ," 

DRN<1tG AND DRIVING 
CAN KI.L A FRIENDSHIR 

US. Department of Tronsportation f!!.t 

PREPARATION FOR: 

GMAT-LSAT-GRE 
San Diego Center 
2180Gomet 2D 

fb:,ft Becx:h,CA 92109 
(619)270-6810 

M.L M;t';.JIty, Pdmnlstrator 
ClASSES ()\J CIM"U') 

l~ 



10 Monday. Jan . l4. 1985 

//:~\\ ~~( ~) ) 
o 0 (~( ==::I: ~~( ~) ) ·1 D 1 

Student Organizations 
New "Mailbox" Location 

Student Organization Mailboxes, with the exception of 
Recreation Organizations, are now located in the Student 
Infonnation Center, formally known as EDNA. Recreation 
mail is located in the new Rec. Center, mailcode 5-005. 
Contact Marietta for your Mailbox # . B-023, x4083 . 

Starting Today, January 14, Only the four principal 
member on the registration form will be authorized to pick 
up mail for the organizations. Student 1.0. will be required. 

It is suggested that you designate one or two of the 
principal members to pick up the mail. This way the 
workers at the Info. Desk will become familiar with 
individuals who are authorized to receive mail. Mail must 
be picked up ONCE A WEEK, or it will be discarded 
(definitely trashed). We assume NO responsibility for 
personal mail. 

There are twO types of mail to receive: letter size and 
bulk. If you receive a Bulk Mail card in your box, please ask 
the info desk to check the Bulk Slots for you. Please return 
the BUlk Mail card to the Info Desk. I*f you have any 
questions or problems contact Marietta in the Student 
Activities Office at x4083 . The Student Information Center 
Hours are: Mon-Fri 8 am to 10 pm. Saturday 10 am to 10 
pm and Sunday noon to 8 pm. 

~L§3 NATIONAL STUDENT 
lLlJCC~1 D) CONSUMER CARD 

Offers valid upon presentation of card only 
TOWER RECORDS PIPPINS RESTAURANT OPTOIII,T"" ~.J At.. 
An," OIIr 31oca11on. L. J.II. VIII.g. Conv""'" Clr . • ~~ L~~' 

' .00 Off any non·sale 11861 V,II. L. JoIl. Or d" J,.;.V 
record or lape proeed at S500 HamburQer F,D' .. 'a\. W Ct>'S 
or more 9 a m to m,dntght Med,"'" 0 ' .. Ca.. , 0 ~ '" , 
365 days a year • . :t(\.e.. S 
SHOGUN JI'"'' ,,'t COl\SU"t>oe Uean: opS. 
110'''' '!Ov> CO\\"'~ U~~'" 

-o',c\l u1> O""\Ce, -,,,,tel \..0 _. ,ulLA VILLAGE SQUARE 
J: .. • 1I'C:. ~\' ..w'\ .~ ... V> DUTAL GROUP 
C sh\e~.... ..1 Co~ .. • . THOMAS K. DU.CAN. O.u.s. U. ... "e aQuare Convenience C .... a . ....1lI.. al\ .. ,,,,r lIV.1 nut to Bullocks 88111 ViII. L. Jolla or,' ~50 

'5\.""''' Wrl.htr'J 145.00 Off Exam Cleanrng. n eO.... 20'. DISCOUNT on all X·rays IReg S74001 EnlOY 
I ~ 'eJ., ",II' merchandise excluding sale Dentlstrv with stereo 

..... !AI OFf any purchase over Items ElClenSlve collection of heaaphones In our unl;')ue and 
S1500 The Itnest sporlrng contemporary clo thrng rn all comlon.ble olltee Ask about 
qoods & active sportswear In nalUial fibers and accessOries cosmetic denllstf.y 101 a whit'!'! 
San O,ego 692- t494 101 men & women 45], 1217 brtghte. sm,le 455-9t51 

Lecture Note Series Update 
Classes curently covered for 

Winter Quarter: 
Bio: 1, 19, 101, 155 

Chern: 6A (SchleSSinger & Tilley) 
6B (Sawrey & Trogler) 

Comm: HIP 100 
Notetiikers are needed for: Bio 106, 153 and Psych 3 
Our hours are posted on our door located in the Student 

Center across from the food co-op. 452-6238. 

Are you interested in a business, accounting or 
management consulting career? If so, you will want 
to attend an outstanding presentation by one of the 
top consulting and accounting firms in the country, 
Author Anderson. A UCSD graduate and other 
representatives will be in PH 102 at 7 pm onjan. 24. 
Sponsored by EMSSA CEcon. & Management 
Science Stu. Assoication. 

KSDT Needs Sportscaster! Info meeting to be 
held jan. 14 at 4 pm in KSDT. Drop by today or call 
Tom Hall at 453-6787 or Andy Shapiro at453-4999. 

PLEA (pre-law) Meeting, Wednesday, jan. 16 
from 4-5 pm in Multipurpose Room, Student 
Center. 

LAGO's Non-Sexist Dance, Friday, Jan. 18 at 9 
pm in the Che Cafe. Refreshments selVed and 
everyone is invited. 

Health Issues & Professions Organization 
(HIPO) will hold its first Winter Quaner mtg. Jan. 
16 from 6-8 pm in Revelle Infonnal Lounge. Guest 
Speaker: Dr. Paul Saltman. Subject: Diet and health. 

Israel Action Committee Meetingjan. 14 at 5:30 
pm, Revelle Informal Lounge. More info call Micah 
x3616 or 587-0942. 

SCUBA Club Meeting Wednesday, jan. 16 at 8 
pm in Rec. Gym Conf. Room. Speaker: Don Kent 
from HUBB's Research Facility at Sea World. Non-
members welcomed. 

Project Campus Lighting. AS Special Action 
Task Force needs YOU. ContactJohn Trumpler at 
452-4450. We deserve our safety. 

Attention All Prospective Interns. Deadlines for 
Spring/Summer Interns are approaching. 
Infonnation Night, Tuesday,Jan. 15,7 pm in Nonh 
ConE. Rm. Washington, D.C. interns shoulc;l attend 
mtg. onJan. 17 at 8 pm in Peterson Hall 7021. ASIO 
hours: 9-3 daily. 

American Institute of Aeronautics and 
Astronautics presents the Cyclo-Crane.January 17, 
8 pm in Urey Hall 2102. Free! Refreshments! 

Birdcage Review submissions for Winter '85 are 
due Feb. 1, 1985. Call 452-4083 or 452-3647 for 
submission box locations. An organizational 
meeting will be held Wed.jan. 16 at 5:30 pm 'in the 
PUB. 

Women's Rap SeSSions on Wednesdays. 4-5:30 
pm at the Women's Resource Center. Coffee and 
great talk. . 

UCSD Speech Team meeting Wednesday, jan. 
16 at 6 pm in USB 4050 B. 453-3607 ask for Brian 
for more info. 

For info on Peace Meditations at UCSD and 6 
week course beginning jan. 16, call 459-2002. 
Classes are FREE. 

The Che Cafe Winter of 1985 New Menu. 
Breakfast 8-11am, Lunch/Dinner 11-7 pm. Specials 
Daily. All you can eat, Wed 5-7 pm. Pizza Friday 
until 3 pm. Volunteers Welcome and . 

Wanted: Students interested in sexuality, binh 
control, and relationships. Become a Student 
Health Advocate. Training Classes begin Jan 15 
from 3-5 pm upstairs in the Student Health Center 
Training Room. Call Chris at 452-2180 for more 
infonnation. 

First Organizational 
1985 Sun God Festival Meeting 

Do you want to partidpate? 
All interested student organizations MUST send at least one 
representative to the MANDATORY preliminary meeting. 
Thursday, Jan. 17 at 4 pm in Nonh Conf. Rm. Anyone interested 
in being on the Sun God Festival Committee should come to the 
meeting or see John Trumpler. For more information call 452-
4450. . 

Monday. Jan . Ii. 1985 11 

Winter '85 Referendulll 
This is your last chance to participate in the 

final process of the revision of the AS 
Constitution and Bylaws. Voice your opinions 
and offer suggestions before the document is 
printed next week and distributed campus-
wide. Hearings will be held every day this week. 
It's your constitution that is being revised! 
Come! 

Monday, jan. 14 - Nonh Conf. Rm., Noon-l 
pm. Tuesday, jan. 15 - Multipurpose room, 
2:30-3:30 pm. Wednesday, Jan. 16 - Revelle 
Informal Lounge, Noon-1 pm. Thursday,lan. 17 
- Center for the People Lounge (Third) 7 -8 pm. 
Friday, jan. 18 - Nonh Conf. Rm. 9-10 am. 

-------------------

The Associated Students are pleased to 
announce that the Humanities 
Undergraduate Library has extended its 
hours to serve students! 

Monday-Thursday 8 am - 128m 
Friday 8 am - 10 pm 

Satunlay 9 am - 10 pm 
S1iDUy 10 .. -12 .. 
~--.--------- .----. - --- -- ----- ---------- - -----

Go right to the SOURCE 
Here is your opportunity to be an integral factor in 

the success of the new AS sponsored fundraiser 
·'Source." Immediate openings for account executives 
and management personnel in the areas of: 

• Job Search and Recruitment 
• Candidate Recruitment 
• Personnel Management 
• Organizational Management 
• Marketing 
• Finance 

No experience is necessary. Only hard working 
innovative risk takers need apply. SOURCE can be a 
great opportunity to make contacts in the local 
community and not work on campus. For more 
infonnation, contact Marla Wimitz at 452-4450 or 
drop by the AS Offices. 

Attention: Student Orgs. 
All submissions for the Bulletin must be turned 

in by Wednesday at noon for Monday's issue. 
Please put material in the Bulletin mailbox. For 
more inJonnation please contact Bob Ames at 
452-4450. 

'. 



12 Monday, Jan . li, 1985 

It's· all Crystal Pier to me 
By BUD E, SMITH 

STAND I A GRAY, shapeless vOId and take a deep breath. Face whichever direction seems to be 
west. Then place a 30-foot-wide Strip of 
beach running nonh and south at your 
feet A blue ocean with white wave caps 
naturally belongs beyond the beach, and 
an old, battered pier jutting out from 
south of you into the ocean is a nice 
touch. Raise up a cliff beneath your feet 
so you are elevated 20 feet over the 
setting, in order to improve the view. 
Fill in details: a sun preparing to set, a 
stiff on-shore breeze, blue sky and 
seagulls, perhaps a surf shop, a diner 
and an attached beach community 
behind you. Feel the breeze, sniff the 
salt air, listen to the gulls cawing to one 
another. 

Welcome to the spot. 
The "beach ctuise ," along the coast of 

Pacific Beach and up into La Jolla , won't 
get you to the SpOt anymore-the old 
road is closed. My father always took 
the beach route when my brother and 1 
were with him as children. Each of us 
has since left San Diego and returned, 
but we haven't taken the beach cruise 
together in years. 1 can stand at the spot 
now and wave as the ghost of myself as 
a child cruises by, crew-cut head 
sticking Out the window for a better 
view. 

My first years as an adult found me \ 
living in PB again, sharing a beach 
cottage with my dad. 1 had dropped out 
of UCSD, my dad was busy dating, J 
had moved away from my friends , and 1 
spent most of my time alone. Every day 
1 would get off work and go surfing JUSt 
nonh of the pier, stopping at the spot 
to look OUt to sea and find the most 
promising rights and lefts. I would StOP 
there again as it gOt dark (I always 
surfed until after the sun set) to look 
back at the ocean and smile, still 
glowing from cold water and the day's 
last wave. In these good times 1 found 
the confidence to enjoy being alone, 
and to be more calm and assured in my 

If . 
, 1M -;: ' :" .~. '-:.: . '" . . - ... 

- - '. '" 

~ . 
:c:...:.:y 

dealings with people. Other duties and 
pleasures have replaced surfing, but I 
can recapture the feeling of self-reliance 
J gained that summer by taking a deep 
breath while standing at the spot. 

Once during 1980 my father and I 
were together at the spot again. We had 
arranged to meet tbere , "jUSt to say 
hello," he said . Once at the SpOt, after 
some small talk about how we each were 
doing, he told me that his ex-wife, then 
living in Colorado, had been awakened 
from a deep sleep by an obscene phone 
call . She had called my dad to accuse 
me of making the call. He didn't put too 
much stock in this but did ask me 
about it, where I'd been that morning, 
and finally we wondered aloud why 
Linda would get such a strange idea. 
The pain and confusion I felt then are 
bound up as pan of the spOt'S meaning 
to me . 

Bernie's was a few steps from the 
spot. Half-pound greaseburgers were its 
specialty; adding chili , onions and 
thick, undercooked wedge fries was 

'. 

r 7 

guaranteed to bring the delighted victim 
a smile and two days of flatulence and 
stomach grumbles. I've dripped grease 
and ketchup on the spot, as well as 
sweat from running on the beach and 
saltwater brought up from the surf. 
Bernie's has been mosdy de-greased and 
is now called Shahodie's; hamburgers 
are available, but people Sitting near the 
spot these days seem to favor salad, 
quesadiUas and other yuppie food . 

Narural disaster has struck the area 
around the spot. The bitter winter of '82 
wiped OUt half of Crystal Pier and 
carried away most of the beach, leaving 
the waves often hurling themselves 
direcdy against the base of the cliff. 
Living nearby, 1 experienced the havoc 
wreaked by the weather first-hand , but 
oddly several things came together in 
my life at this time. My girlfriend moved 
in with me, J leamed a lot at my new 
job, and J finally began preparing to 
return to college. Perhaps my mind was 
concentrated on large goals by the 
sobering effect of looking out from the 

Spot and seeing the pier self-destruct 
and the beach erode daily. Nature has 
since replaced the sand. but has not yet 
made any repairs to the pier. 

Man has also made some changes 
recendy. Ocean Boulevard used to run 
along the cliff right past the spot, and 
people could park facing the ocean. 
Now, in a reversal of the usual American 
process of paving everything in sight, 
the road has been jackhammered, 
removed and grassed over into a park 
area. It's nicer, but you can no longer 
park at the spot with your girlfriend and 
watch the sun set. The young riffraff 
who hang OUt near their cars, blasting 
their stereos, are now south of the pier. 
The new park is often crowded, popular 
with young professional people working 
on and admiring their own and one 
another's bodies. 

My girlfriend and I have spent time 
together at the spot. We met nearby and 
like to walk along the beach together, 
talking or silendy enjoying the sea 
breeze. Years before I had so often 
found myself standing at this place, JUSt 
thinking, or carrying a surfboard past it 
to my daily communion with the ocean. 
It's a nice contrast, one of the constant 
small ironies of life, to walk hand-in-
h. ,d over the spot with the woman 
wi ) has helped erase the loneliness that 
onl .! afflicted me and yet helped form 
me. 

These days I do my own "beach 
cruise." Leaving my apanment in Nonh 
PB, I ride my bicycle south through the 
new park area and past the spot, often 
SlOpping to watch the waves. 
Occasionally a memory arises from the 
ground beneath me and I smile or purse 
my lips in thought, but the spot is still 
such a part of my life that I don't reflect 
on it much. The small spot on the cliff a 
few St-'ps nOM of Crystal Pier, like so 
many ther "spots" and like the people 
in my life, is taken for granted so I don't 
lose ~he day 10 nostalgia and 
reverie. IZ:l 

" 
'-, 

" , 

.. 

~~""'d~ffi;».,~,~; ··: f ~ ~ . , 

thQ writor's o n 

An After-Christmas Story 
By PHIL LAUDER 

I 1'S JANUARY 14. Christmas was three weeks ago. Most of the holiday hype is gone, thank God-if I never 
see another Cabbage Patch doll again 
it's too soon. Most of the ridiculous 
presents-the combination toaster oven-
hole punch-tire pump, that kind of 
thing-are returned. Most of the after-
Christmas sales and after-after-
Christmas sales and semi-annual year-
end sales and super December blow-out 
tent sales and Really Big Sales are over. 
Most of the Christmas trees have 
returned 10 the ecological food chain 
and to the Great Mulcher in the Sky. 
And most of us are now taking out 
student loans 10 payoff our Christmas 
debts-hey, theyll never know, right? 

But there remain cenain tell-tale signs 
that Christmas is not a pan of the very 
distant past. 

Look around . Clothes. Lots of clothes. 
Lots of new clOthes. Lots of new 
Christmas clothes. I was in a room with 
about five other people laSt week when 
suddenly one of us realized that 
everyone in the room was wearing 
something (or everything) that was 
new-Christmas presents all of them. All 
of us were sporting either new shoes or 
new jeans or new cords or new sweaters 
or new socks or new underwear (that 
one is conjecrure) or new cologne or 
more new cologne or still more new 
cologne (that one is definitely not 
conjecture). One of us said that the blue 
striped shin he was wearing was given 
to him at Christmas not once but three 
times, by three different people, in three 
different sizes-small, medium and 
large. Maybe some of his friends and 
relatives remember him from before, 
during and after the diet. 

Anyway, all this new clothing makes 
us look very nice, but it sure is odd . 

We're all used to the normal way college 
students look: faded blue jeans, t-shins 
replete with holes, 10m-up shoes, that 
sort of thing. And then we all change 
and come OUI with this clean-cut look. 
In a few weeks well all be back 10 
normal , of course; very few of our 
Christmas clothes will still be around . 
while the rest will be stuffed near the 
back of our closets. 10 be seen only 

when Mom, Dad or Aunt Vivian comes 
down to visit. The nice new haircuts 
that we decided should accompany the 
nice new clothes will also be a pan of 
the past, and life will finally have 
returned to normal. And then there's 
finals . Enough said. 

But for now, people still have a little 
of the Christmas spirit left , I think. 
People look happy. On the other hand , 

Profiles 
The quality ofUCSD is reflected in its people. 

The new "Profiles" series in the Perspectives 
section will bring you these people. If there is 

. someone whom you want to know or whom you 
think the campus would like to read about, 
contact the Perspectives editor, Christopher 
Canole, at 452-6580. 

Monday. Jan. 14. 1985 l,j 

perhaps that's because they've only gone 
through one week of school and they're 
still thinking that this quarter will be 
different and they haven't gone through 
midterms or ten-page papers just yet. Or 
maybe it's Christmas spirit. Yeah, you're 
right, maybe not. 

If you've been visiting friends since 
Christmas, you may have noticed that, 
after putting a lot of work im.., 
decorating our homes for th,! holidays, 
many of us are quite reluctant to take 
anything down. The Christmas cards up 
in my apanment will probably stay up 
there through June or until the scotch 
tape that keeps them on the walls 
becomes dty and brittle, whichever 
comes first. Many of us still have our 
trees up-fire hazard? what fire 
hazard?-still with one or TWO presents 
under the tree for friends we haven't ' 
seen yet, still decorated or semi-
decorated with tinsel and lights and 
ornaments and termites and everything 
that makes Christmas greal. 

The sickest among us keep up the 
Christmas lights on the roof tOpS until 
every last bulb bums out-and that 
takes a while. Hey, when it's Christmas 
and those lights are up, it's cute; 
mommies drive by and say to their four-
year-olds, "Look honey, isn't that 
pretty?" When it's May, June or 
September and those Christmas lights 
are still up-you know who you are-
then it's decidedly un-cute; mommies 
drive by and say, "Look honey, what a 
bunch of lazy idiots." 

Christmas-I love it. It's over, and yet 
it isn'l. I'm not sure if that's good or 
bad. I'm not sure this article had any 
point at all. At this pOint, seconds away 
from the finish line, I'm not sure I 
care. E:l 



,I' 

14 Monday. Jan. 14. 1985 

SenAces~orkshop~ 
MONMY ...... IMY. SATWmAY 
- Tours of the UCSO ca""""s are ol'lered ~ 

the Education Opportunity Progam/OfII~ 
of Relations with Schools. On the Wl!l!kdays 
meet at 1:00 pm in front of Building 101 
located on Myers Drive. On Saturdays, meet 
at 10:30 am in front ot the Centrallkliversity 
Ubrary. Tours last approximately 1 Y2 hours; no 
appointment is necessary. In addition, group 
guidance counselling is available for ' 
prospective students at 10;30 am, Monday 
through Friday in the EOP/ORS otl'ice, 
Building 101. For directions call Dial INFO at 
452-4636 MId ask to hear tape S-15, or call 
EOP/ORS at 452-4831, 
9IOO-JIOO ..... - Thinking about doing MI 
interns tip spring quarter7 Rnd one through 
ASIO. We otrer internships for just about 

~ery major in all areas of the U.s.-
Washington, D.C., Greater California, and 
right here on ca""""s MId In San Otego. For 
rrore information call 452-4689 or stop ~ 
our olltce, aboIo'e the ~ Room In the 
Student Center. 
MONDAY 
""'''00 pili - GrackJate Student 
Group-ThIs group for UCSD graduate 
stuclents fbaJses on personal concerns, 
relationships and life goals. Led ~ .John 
Andrews and IDurdes ~rez, PsydloIogical 
and Counseflng ServIces. In 1003 HL Call 
452-3755 to sign up. 
nMSlMY 
' ... 2.10 pili - Gay,IBlsexual Men's 
Counseling Group-This Is MI ~ing 
confidential support group tor 
undergraduate men questioning their 
sexuality, as ~II as those " u identify as 
gay/bisexual. Meets Wl!l!kly throughout the 
quarter. There will be a planning meeting on 
Tuesday, January 15 from 1:00 to 2:30 pm at 
1003 HL Students can call the leader, Steve 
Bractt. at 452-3755 for rnore /nfo, ortheyCMl 
just come to the . group. Sponsored ~ 
Psychological and Counsef/ng Services, 
' ... 2.10 pm - Overcoming COfll>Ulsrve 
Eating-In a supportive environment group 
partidpants will learn wiltS to eliminate 

photos by John Ash~ 

ctlarlglng behalliors. thou!1lts and beliefs 
whidl perpetrate this COfTllUlsion, .. d work 
on i/1l>l'OIIing self-image. This group Is not 
open to those who experience a 
binge/purge C)C1e or who greatly restric:t 
their diet. Sponsored ~ the f'syctloIogical 
and Counseling Services. Please call Temille 
Porter, 452-3035 or Denise Zimmerman, 
452-3755 to sign up. 
7100 pili - Thinking about doing .. 
internship this spring 7 Rnd out IIVhat IISIO 
has to otrerl ASIO presents Internship 
Information Night, Tuesday, 1/15 at 7:00 pm 
in the North Conference Room of the 
Studt!nt Center. For more info call 452-4689 
or stop by our otI'ice in the Student Center 
alXM! the Game Room. 
w.DNISIMY 
4100 pili - 6 weekly classes in Meditation. 
Topics will indude ·concentratlon· ·inner 
peace· ·easy exerdses in meditation· etc. 
Great for i/1l>rOlling test taking. general 
academics, spotts, Inner MId sodal poise. 
Come and leamlln USB 403!Y.. 
'lHUllSlMY 
-Prof. Paul Drake, Institute of the Americas 

ChaIr br Inter-AmeriCMl AffaIrs will talk 
about DictalDrstlp and ReslstiWlCr In ChIle. 
Part of the International Areslde Lecture 
Series In Current Topics in Politia. In the 
International Center Lounge. 
, ... 2 •• pIII-General Therapy Group- . 
ThIs orMJOIng confidential group is open to 
all UCSD students-graduate and 
under!Taduate. The foQJS will be on both 
personal and interpersonal c:onc:rms. led ~ 
Dr. Steve Br~ and Dr. ConstiWlCr Brunlg. 
For rrore information call Psychological 
Services, 452-3755. 
4 .... 100 pili - Headad1e Treatment 
Group-This Is a group for students who are 
chronic headache sul'lerers. Participants will 
learn stress reduction techniques, as well as 
other headache treatment procedures. 
ortered ~ Penny McClellan, PsychologIcal 
and Counseling Services. If you're interested 
call f'erro/ and leil\le your name and number. 
She can be reached at 452-3755 or 452-
3035, 

4~1OO pili - Campus Black Forum-

..... aen 
Religious Functions 
TUUDAY 
7I»9lOO ..... - AsIarl-American Christian 
~llowship-PIease join us as we studv the 
Christian Disopline of Prayer. You will learn 
how to make prayer more effective in your 
life. In the Re\lelle Formal Lounge. 
V.DNISDAY 
6100 pili - Supper ~ ~ the I..utherans 
Students at UCSD. Open to all. In the lDunge 
ot l.)WefsIt:y Lutheran Crordl, just west of 
lny Hall. 

'lIIpIII-Blbles~ontheBookofAmos 
sponsored t¥ the I..I.JtherMl Ca/1l>US MInistry 
Everyone weImme. In the lDUnge of the 
lkllYerslty Lutheran Church. 
......... - Bible SI1Jc:tt on the ttYee texts br 
next Sunday, led ~ 1..I.Jther .. Campus Pastor 
John Huber. Meet In the Pastor's ~ at the 
U'liIIersity I..utherarl Church. 
SUMMY 
....... , .. UIIO_-EpisCDpalChurdl 
~rship SeMcr: Sunday Eucharist irId Parish 
~llowstip. In the Good SamarItan Episcopal 
Churdl, at 4321 Eastgate Mall, across 
Genesee trom east end of campus, 
intersection of Eastgate Mall and Genesee. 
..... .. - lutherarI IoWIStip features 
I'I'of. ~ Holst speaking on "can 
Any!tlIng Good Come Out of New Gulnea7' 
He then leads dlscllsslon at IJ:15am. Came to 
either a both presentations. In the Chapel of 
the t..hIIIersIty I..utherarI Church. 
,.00 p. - Lutherans, Catholics, 
EpIsc:DpIII.a ~ OCher 0YIsIIins loin In 
prayer br unity, The Chinese Bible stu~ 
choir, directed ~ Retzon Chen, graduate 
student in EECS, will sing. Open to~. 
In the Chapef of the lkliYersity I..utherMl 
Crordl. 
.. , I .... - Episcopal Church \JItlrship 
Service; Folk Mass. In the Good SamarItan 
Epismpal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

This is a weekly InbmIaI d1SOJSSion group on 
the Issues. COl' IU!II'IS. and the ~ of life of 
the Blade ~ at .UCSo. this Is MI 
ongoing group and SlUdents can join at II'Pj 
time. call leader PhIl Raphael at 452-3035 If 
)'CU Mote II'Pj questions; oc:herwise, students 
can )Jst tum up at the goup. Meets in the 
Mt. View Lounge at ThIrd College, 0tIered 
~ ~ and Counseflng ServIces. 
PJIIMY 
2 ........... - Alcohol and Substance 
N:luse-For students IMlo want help in 
dealing with .. alcohol a drug U5ep! obIem. 
Emphasis will be on understirldlng the 
CCJrI1)IexIty of the problem. identifying 
options, maU1g a cornrnitment to c:hange, 
and following through. Homework 
assignments and group nonns will be 
established as part of the !TOUp'S and 
inc:IYklJaI's prog-am. Before joining the 
group, interested students are asked to call 
Becca at 452-3755 to INIke ~ short 
appoiI.trnellt INIth one of our counselors to 
see If the group will meet their needs. Led ~ 
Dan Munoz. Ps)'ct1oIogIcaI and Counseling 
SeMc:rs. Meets at the RewfIe Prcwst's 
OfIIa, 
....... .... - Drop-In Peer-led 
Gay/Ellsecual Men's 5uJlport Group. ThIs Is ~ 

~ ctop-in peer d1sa ISsion group br 
male students who identify as being gay Of 
bisexual. as \Nell as br those who are 
exploring their secuallty. The group is 
fadUtatecl ~ student peer munselors ~ Is ~ 
great opportuni1)' CO raIk with OCher S1Ud!nts 
sharing similar COI'ittI.b. New members an 
join at II'Pj time. 0tIered by f'syct1oIogIcaI and 
Counseling ServIces. Meets at Hl 1003. If 
students M.oe II'Pj (JJeStions they an call 
Carlos a Demetrius at 452~297; OI:henNIse, 
they can)Jst arrIIIe for the group. 
4.00-,.00 p. - Reception for 
Gay,lBlsexual Grac1late Students: A group of 
gay,lbisexual men and women is forming at 
l.CSD to proIIide a forum br adcresslng 
personal, and professional needs. To that 
end, an Informal reception will be held In the 

~Ie FormalLDunge. For more Information 
please contact Dr. Stephen Br~ at 452-
3755 or Dr. \ItIIlma Busse at 452-3583. 

Recreation 
~Y 
JIOO .... - Intramural ~mm's Soccrr 
team ap!:ain's meeting. In the Rec: Gym 
Conferencr Room. 
4100 ..... - IntrimUral Coed Socnr team 
captain's meeting. In the Rec Gym 
conterencr Room. 
4100 ..... - The Gymnastics Club meets 
Mondays and Fridays from 4-7 pm and 
Tuesday/Wrd./ThJrs, from 4-6 pm t>r 
su~ worIcouts. E~ -'mme 
and encouraged to crop ~. In the South 
Balcony of the Main G)m 
IlOO ..... - Intrarrural Men's Soarr team 
captain's meeting.· In the Rec Gym 
conterencr Room. 
'100 ..... - ShaoIin Kung Fu CkJb meets 
Mondays and We01e5diIys to ~ tns 
powerful and g-aaful martial art. EYeI)one 
welc:orne. In the North Balcony of the Main 
G)ffl. 
'110 pili - Juggling CkJb meets Ibr all 
ecperiencrd and ncMc.e jqjtrn. Wortc out 
stlXltS with fellow jugglers and get tee 
instruction if )'CU'1o'e ~ juggled. In the 
South Balcor¥ of the Main G)m. 
11IBDAY 
4100 pili - Intr ....... aI ~ Softball 
team aptaln's rnee(jr ag. In the Rec: Gym 
Calterencr Room. 
IlOO pili - Intrarrural ~ FOOCbaII 
team ~'s meeUI ag. In the lee G)m 
conterencr Room. 
'100 pili - TaeIcwcncb CkJb meets 
Tuesd¥ and ltursdays from 7-8:30 pm 
l61der the c:lrectlOn of a student bfad[-beft:. 
All IeYeIs weIcDme. Great wortcDut bOCtI 

~ and mental. In the West ~ of 
the Main G)m. 
'100 .... - The Outing ClIb meets f!NeI'J 
Tuesday to set I4l 01Js. ciscuss outdoor 
related 1Dpics, lectures, sodaIs. and laCs 
more, Everyone Interested In the ot.mors Is 
enmuraged to drop in. In the !lee. G)m 
Conterencr Room. 
'110 .... - Cross-Cou~ Ski SlIdes and 
Alms. In the Rrc. Gym ConIeellcr Iblm. 
""N~Y 
.... pili - SoJbI Clm meets to dIsaJss 
l4lCD"* lSI dIIIes. rafIIe and Ieaaft t¥ speaker 
from HL8 ReseIrtt1 Center. EYI!I)o1e 
WekDme, In the Rrc. G)mCo eet e Room. 
1HIJI hAy 
....... pili -~ Tables: Come 
and CDn\IefSe In French. German 01 SpanIsh 
CNf!!( elmer. AI ilt2letm ~ ~ 
studI!nts are most wekDme meal c.ds 01 
cash biIsIs. NatlIo'e speiIIcers CM'I t1iIWI! IIII!IiIIs 
paid for-call 45s-0157 tJr InfuimMbL In 
the South Dnlg Hall of the ~ 
cateteria. 
PlllDAY 
-~ CkJb-fieId T", to IIrms 

In Or~ County on FrIday, Jan. 18. In the 
morning. Sigll4l in front of DI!nIse ~'s 
ollta. I..lrnItm runber of spacrs. 
'100 _ - Cross-Country SkI Day T",: Mt. 
San.Jadnto ilia Palm Springs Aerial Tr~. 
Cost Includes transportation, tramway 
tidcet. skis. poles. boots, and .. opCIonaI 
baSic lesson. For begII'II!IS as wei as 
ellpellc!llCrd. Sigl up at OCR:~, 
520,00. 
.111 ........ - ThIs weekandf!NeI'Jweek 
the Tritan PUb IeIbns geIllNe rruIc b 
free. FttdIy, 1/18. c:orne tar "Blond Ina 
Band. M 

Organizational 
MONDAY 
•• 0 ••• 00 pili - Student He~lth 
AdIiocates , .. the secood meetlIlSI of winter 
CJ,Ialter Is today at 4:00 pm at Student Health 
SeNla, Semnd Floor, Let's launch our 
speaker's bun!~, call x2419 If )'CU CMl't 
make it. 
.... ..... - Pre-Dental CkJb Meetll '9 to 
hold elections, discuss ~ UCSF field trip, etc. 
In the North Conference Room. 
IlOO ..... - ~Ing Coop Meet; lSI and 
dinner . .bin usl \lie need new membersl At 
the~Ca~. 
7V'PMY 
'100 ..... - NEW MEMBERS are always 
INeImme In the l.CSD Soaring Club. We 
specialize In training beg/I.1eI'S to fIy~. If 
)OU hiW alw¥ been curious abOUt tIyfng. 
!tis ls)'CUr ~I HKNe the ~ room In 
the Student Center. 
,.. ..... - Surf CkJb meetilg. UCSD 
Surftng SWNtshIItS will be dstrIbuted n::t 
the ~ team for upmming season 
will be dlsaJssed. Refres/1rnents to be ~. 
In MCC 125. 
......... - Steering Cornrnittee Meeting br 
EMSS.\ IEconomics and Management Sci-
encr Student AssodatIon). In the Lounge 
abolle the game room. Student Center, 
MD •• MY 
4100 ..... - Cheerleaders n::t ~I INcIers 
Interested In putting togethet a sqLMd t>r 

interml~ games should attend this 
meeting. All men and women with spirit and 
MtMlasm stop ~. In' the AdmInlstratllle 

0fIIcr In canyorMew . 
- FIrst APSA General MeetIng of the 

quarter. Came ~ MId find out what's 
happening n::t get irNoIIIedl Sponsored by 
the AsI .. Pad"' Student AlllirICe. x2048. In 
the North Confe~ Room ot the Student 
Center . 

........ -l.CSD Speectl a'lGOI!bate Team 
wi" hold its organ1zationai '"::t SelectIon 
of omcm Ind tcunament Ie will be 
decided. New II'II!rTIbers are 'NeIcome. No 
expenenc:r necessary. For information call 
BNn Huf11es at 453-3607. In USB 40S0B. 
TN aRMY 
........ - 8IKk Student lkllon General 

~ Meeting. ThIs Is our IIrst meeting ot the 
quarter. \lie will be discussing Martin Luther 
KIng DIy n::t Back HlsIDIy Month. Nrw 
members are ~ weIcDme. Start the year 
MId the quarter off rIg'1t by taking part In the 
BSU. In MCC 125, 

....... - Attention; All wastington D.C. 
Internsl ASIC's IIrst agil'1lZalonal meeting 
(or all interns rerested In going to D.C. this 
summer Is this 'ThuIsQj ~ at 8:00 pm In 
PH 102 It Is mandatory that )'CU be there. 
Newmmers ~ weIcDme also, but should 
IIrst pIdc up .. application ASH' from our 
alita, located In the Student Center, abaIo'e 
the Game Aoom. 
PRlDAY 
,....... .... - Be a part of APSA's IIrst 
actIIIIty In 1985; .. Ice Cream ~. Come 
meet some people, get 1rMM!d and eat Ice 
aNm. Sponsored ~ the Asi.. Pacillc 
Student Alliance. In the North Conference 
It>om of the Student Center. 

SA~Y 
-~ of Developing Artists ICODA) 

will meet Saturday January 19th in 
MirIdevIIIe Rm. 125. C~ is a music 
organization br Black Students at UCSO. For 
more InIb cont«t George. 294-5349. 

Announcements 
- KSDT Radio: An OngoIng E\IeIlt. Come 

join YOUR professional radio statlal. News, 
pubic aIaIrs, engIneer'.1Q. sales, sports, and 
p!ogranrilg positions row open. Come be 
~ DJI SIDp by~. At the Student Center. 

. - Hey You !JCSO Men. H!re's the cham 
)'CU\e been waiting IbrII IlJsh Sig-rv NU 
Fraternity. The MJ kid on the block wants 
)'CU. DetaNs on the piau !>" call 455-9980. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
............. - ~IS \Khitlng Center 
oIrIers free seMa for all UCSD students who 
need pre-wltlng~, ~ on drafts, 
and edkirlg adIIta. We engage II'Pj kind of 
writing. and any IcInd of writing problem. 
Conferences are ~ appointment only. 
Elo'enlng appointments are now also available 
in OASIS Third PIaa at Third College. (For the 
full range of services see bade of Fall 
Schedule.) call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make an appointment This service Is 
available ttvoughout the quarter. 
IdO 4 ....... - Looking to get more free 
time 7 Learn more 71rnpro\1'e your GPA 71hen 
all the OASIS Reading .. d ~ Skills 
Center and perfect)OJr learning style. Make 
an appointment and bring )'CUr books, 
assignments irId note to the OASIS R'radlrlg 
and SI1Jc:tt Skills Center br a personal strategt 
session on how CO tackle your wortc: in the 
most el'lldent and successfUl Will, Just ~ 
you want a PAl lpersonal assist.ancr for 
learning conference). In USB 4010. 
.. 00-4.00 p. - Grammar Moses 
Hotllne-A hotlIne phonr,-In seMce for help 
with diaIon, grammar and punctuation 
plobIems. To reach Grammar Moses call 452· 
2284 betY.Ieen the hours of 9 and 4, 
Monday-Friday. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
wrttlng Center, SeMcr ..... ,.. througwt 
the quarter. 
MONDAY & IIIIDflllDAY 
" ... '2IOO .... -The~Program ~ I MId /I-ThIs OASIS tOoJies on the 
ttinIcIng sldlls you need CO successfully 
hMIdIe the rNding and writing tJSks 
assigned In your CD\neS, It Is desI!J1ed tJr 
those who want to perfect their EnglIsh 
IangLage sid/is, lP classes are taught ~ 
reading MId wrtang sped*ts ¥Id blJir9aI 
tuCOrs, lP Is presented t¥ the OASIS WrItIng 
Center ¥Id the 00\SfS R'racJng Center, 
Monday. USB 4010. IJIt'ednesdIIy. US8 4070. 
- \Mlat CM'l you do ~ 45 minutes 7 .JoIn 

us for a TECH(nique) TALK MId get a ~ to 
make 'jOJI ~ faster and moreef'rectM!. 
Monday, Jan. 14 The Cornell ¥tern for 
Notetaklng will be the topic (1:00-1:45); 
Wednesday, .... 16 The nme Ander will help 
you lind mor~ hours 112;00-12:45 pm). 
Presened ~ the OASIS ReadIng and S~ 
Skills Center. To sign up, call 452-2284. In 

· USS 4010. 
~.... .... - Can the mind be 
controlled? can you learn to ~ on 
teet without unc:cntroIIed side trips 7 Can )'CU 
tum on )'CUr creatMty at will7 YESI 
Concentritlon and creativity go har1d in 
hand irId you can learn to aeate both. as 
well as deIIeIop the ablHty to come up with all 
!hose great Ideas, those precise evalualons 
of text. It )'CU're In a humar11t1es a other 
sodal science mul'Se, if)OU hiM to rNd and 
anaI)ft text".ucu~ b' disc rsslons and 
papers or essay tests-don't miss 
Conc:et itration .. d CrNtMty. A \XIorIcshop In 
RNdIng and ll*lkIng. Presented t¥ the 
O\SIS ANdIng and ~SldIIsCenter. lnthe 
Sludent Center Conference Room. Bldg. 8. 
.... , ...... - GRE Prep Course-This 
prep course (or the GraclJatr A!c:otd &am 
proIIIdes a ~ practia exam for the 
~ test as \oYeII. SlrilCli!gles tlr SCDfing 
\WIt on the~, ~ rNSOnIng. and 
InIth seaions.lnbrnIdOn mout~CO 
¥Id getting accepcm by grUate schools, 
pkJs stn!SS reduction IedI1iques will Me) be 
presented. Sponsored by the OASIS Center 
¥Id career ~ ¥Id Placemeril 
l1BpMY 
, ..... " ....... - Lecture Nclteaklng-
M lNf!r.1INBS program wIIllndude 0Yef 
1,000 hours of lecture tlmel \MII)'CU get the 

Monday. Jan. 14.1985 15 

most out of those hours 7lhis v.orIcshop will 
~ your utenlng ability, ~ your 
notetaking skills, and introduce the 
extraordinary mastery learning system-a 
w.r; to ImprOYe )'CUr recall as it cuts down on 

~ boredom. Sponsored ~ the ~IS 
Reading and Stu~ SkI/is Center. In TCHB 
244. 
12""100 pili - \Xh1at did Mr. and Mrs. 
Br~hnev, Mr. and Mrs. Sluggo, and Mr. and 
Mrs. Manilow forget to do that they should 
have done 7 That's right, they should tlaIIe 
attended the birth control information 
session this Tuesday and tNl!ry Tuesday from 
12 to 1. Don't make the same mistake as ~ 
couples, pleasel ~tairs at the Student 
Health Center. 
'2 .... 2100 pili - MId-Term Prep-Bring 
)OUr mul'Se material and get aganaect br 
mldsl You'lIleam how to ~ the successful 
SCORE !yStem, predict test (JJeStIons, and 
rl!lllew for total preparation in II'Pj course. 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Reading and ~ 
SkIlls Centrr. In TCHB 244. 
........... - The OASIS Grammar and 
Mechanla Workshop Is designed for 
students IM10 would II/ce to INOI'k on 
dartI)'jng basic gr.nmatical CCXlCl!pts and 
ategories and~ them In .. ~ 
S}'SteI"I1atlc senesci piact/caI exercises. The 
pr~ Is valuable for II'Pj .students who 
tIM probIer.b writing the ~ fn!jlsh 
selltellCrs demanded In academic writing, 

• M ererd~ manual to be purchased ~ the 
student will be used. All wor1c will be 
~ed In the conrext ofthelNOl1cshop, In 
USS4070, 
.......... - Student Health Advocate 
Tralrq In Birth Control and RelatIonships 
tJe9ns Toct.JI Join us upstairs at Sludent 

_ Health 01 call ChrIs at 452-2180 (or more 
infcrmMion. 
lIIIDNalMY 
,ao..... .... - Today's Jeopardy 
¥iSwer Is. "The sponge, the diapl"oragm. the 
pili, ~ sexual health at the birth control 
Infcrrnat/on session." Alec. the question Is, 
''\M1at an a UCSO student learn about this 
Wednesday from 12 CO I UpstaIrs at the 
Student Health Center7' . 
21110 , ....... - nme Management-Do 
)OJ hiNe time to ~, get good. grades, 
exerdse, and socialize 7 The Wily We use time 
determines how much ~ achieve and how 
satisfying our diriS are. If )'CU're not getting 
enough out of)'CUr days, !tis workshop will 
show you how to take control ot)'CUr H~, 
plan successful s~ sessions, include sodal 
and relaxation time, and get thr'oug1 the 
quarter without the cramming frenzy! 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and Stuct,y 
SkIlls Center. In the Student Center 
Conference Room, Bldg. 8. 
'100,.. - Consider Stuct,1ng ~roacI Next 
Yearl Earn UC aedts while stuc:tying abroad. 
FIMldai AId M/able. Call 452-3730 for 
rrore InIbrmatIon. l"1JOItar1t Inbrmation 
sessIonl Wect1esday, Jan. 16. 7 pm. In the 
InternaioNl Center. 

I'IIIDAY 
.... ....... - The~SGrammarand 
M!charilcs Workshop Is designed for 
students \\R) would like to INOI'k on 
darIf)1ng bat: gr~ CDIiapts n::t 
categories ond ~ them In .. 1!.ICter1SNe 
systematic serteSd piactIcaI exrrdses. The 
prKtIcr Is valuable Ibr II'Pj .students who 
hM p!cbIer1b v.-rIUng the ~ English 
sttltiel iCeS demanded In «.ademIc writing. 
An exerd~ marlUaI to be piIChased by the 
student will be used. All wor1c will be 

~ed In the CDntext ofthewortcshop. ln 
US84070. 

; I, 



I 
j tl ... . 

Rhode Island and Claremont:'Mudd fall to Tritons 
• • InnIng 

By MICHAEL GREENBERG, SUIjf Wriltr 

T HE STORY SHOULD NOT be read to children, for it does not have a happy ending. The gallant • 
heroes begin in ~eacherous grounds but 
escape to what looks like promising 
land. They survive one adventure after 
another and finally face their toughest 
foe in a Iife-or-death situation. There, 
despite predictions of victory, they 
suffer a tremendous defeat and die. 

This swan song has been told far too 
often at UCSO in regards to the men's 
basketball program, and it will probably 
be reiterated again in the future . But not 
this ytar. After discarding its rwo 
mightiest opponents in consecutive 
outings, including a tremendous 
comeback victory on Spirit Night last 
Friday, UCSO is actually looking forward 
to the conclusion in this fairy-tale 
season. 

Never before has a Triton team played 
so flawlessly in such important contests 
as UCSO did this past weekened. With 
smashing victories over Rhode Island 
College, 99-89, and Claremont-Mudd, 
89-79, head coach Tom Marshall has 
seen his pre-season goal of an 
undefeated record in Oivision m 
materialize. Standing tall with a 10-6 
record (8-0 in conference), it seems 
inevitable that UCSO will receive an 
invitation to the NCAA Tournament in 
March. 

Last Wednesday, during a break from 
practice, Marshall discussed what he . 
wanted his team to accomplish in its 
[WO most imponant games to date. "I 
want execution in every aspect. I realize 

that is a IO! 10 ask, but so far we haven't 
been executing the way we should ," said 
Marshall, pointing out the team's l6 
turnover-per-game average. "If we 
perform up to our capabilities and don't 
make the mistakes we've been making, 
then we can win both games over the 
weekend and finish undefeated." NO! 
even the Triton coach could have 
possibly imagined how prophetic his 
words would become. For not only did 
UCSO "play up to its capabilities" 
(committing only nine turnovers per 
game while shooting over 50% from the 
field), but the team performed at a level 
of execution that might have even 
surprised MarshaD himself. 

But it didn't start out that way ... . 
In front of an estimated crowd of 

2,000 speCtators from all four colleges, 
the Tritons opened the Spirit Night 
festivities against Rhode Island 
sluggishly, faning behind 16-7 before 
four minutes had been played. RealiZing 
that something had to be done-and 
qUickly-Marshall switched defenses 
from a man-to-rnan to a variety of 
different zones, substituted Andy jednak 
and Randy Bennett for a little more 
quickness, and caned out plays designed 
to capitalize on UCSO's height 
advantage. All strategies proved correct, 

. and when the halftime buzzer sounded , 
the Anchormen's nine-point lead was 
whittled down to [WO, 37-35. 

During intermiSSion, Marshall had a 
chance to chew out his players for not 
playing with intensity and intelligence 
(many Triton shots were ill-advised and 

Randy Bennett and Mark Barreca sandwiched lu tle Rhode Island Collegt la t Fnday night, 
99-89. 

eekend 

The Big Man, Mike Dabasinshas. ~ribblt:s down tht: floor en route to a three-point play 
during the Spirit Night thriller. 

forced. resulting in an embarrasing field 
goal percentage of 38%). He didri't. 
Instead, he told them to relax. He told 
them they were pressing in front ora 
large crowd and not executing like they 
had all week in practice. Assistant coach 
jack Shawcroft pulled Brandon Nixon, 
UCSO's leading scorer, aside for some 
individual advice. Nixon had been 
playing mediocre ball in the first 20 
minutes, scoring only four points and 
commining [WO turnovers. 

When the second Stanza began, 
UCSO took on a new identity. Instead 
of demonstrating their usual 
inconsistent behavior, the Tritons 
resembled a top-ranked team. In the 
ensuing 86 seconds, UCSO ran off nine 
unanswered points, six of them by 
Nixon. HDwever, the key to the spun 
was a length-of-the-Iloor romp by 6'9H , 
265 lb. center Mike Dabasinskas for a 
three-point play. "No one gOt in my 
way. so I kepl on going and laid it in," 
said Oabasinskas afterwards. "That 
(driving the length of the floor ! 
happened one other time my freshman 
year, but this was more fu n because it 
helped our comeback." Instead of 
leading by two. a stunned Rhode Island 
team found itself trailing by seven. 

In the remaining 18 minutes, UCSO 
performed exqUisitely, tunning the 
offense with such precision that some 
must have wondered why the referees 
didn't intervene to stop the onslaught. 

ever before have the Tritons played so 
error-free, committing only one turnover 

in the half while shOOling a blistering 
75% from the field . Greg Kamansky, 
whose marksmanship from the outside 
has not been as good this year as it was 
in his freshman year, broke out of his 
slump by threading the nets lOr 24 
points on 12-of-16 shooting. Whenever 
the Anchormen keyed on UCSO's 
talented scorer, the ball moved briskly 10 
Nixon, who buried five of six long-range 
bombs. 

Trying everything to prevent what was 
already a foregone conclusion-a UCSO 
victory-Rhode Island began double-
teaming both Kamansky and Nixon 
every lime they touched the ban, The 
strategy proved futile since on each 
occasion Kamansky or Nixon would 
adroitly find the open man, most 
commonly Mark Barreca, for an easy 
two. 

Rhode lsland coach jimmy Adams 
was lavish in his .praise for UCSO once 
the game mercifully ended. ·Waw, did 
they play wen that second halO I can't 
remember the last time I saw a team 
play that well for an entire half: said 
Adams. "If they played in New England 
or anywhere back East, they could win 
our conference hands down if they 
played like that all the time." 

Marshall welcomed Adams' comments 
and expressed the same sentiments. 
"We played the best half we've ever 
played, and as a whole I'd have to say 
we performed exrremely well: he said, 
citing specifically the play of Andy 

') CONTINUED ON PAGE ~ 

Monday, Jan . 14, 1985 17 

A Spirit Night success story 

<Ri&ht) UCSD's Karin Kalk acknowledges the roar of the crowd as 
the 1984 Division III National Champion women's volleyball team 
pm;ents the championship plaque to the University. Meanwhile, 
some of the 2,000 Spirit Night fans (above) show what they're made 
of as they cheer the men's basketball team on to a 99-89 victory over 
Rhode Island College. UCSO's third-annual Spirit Night was held 
Friday night in Triton Pavilion. 

IMPORTANT MEETING: 
DEALERS WANTED! 

ATTENTION 
all CASINO NIGHT dealers & anyone interested 
in pcrticipating in the biggest fun-filled event 
of the year. 

1st MEETING 
for all CASINO NIGHT 1985 dealers is Wed., Jan. 
16, at 5 p.m. in the North Conference Room 
(across from EDNA in Student Center). 

IMPORTANT TO ATIEND 
Sign up at OCR next to Canyonview Pool 
& Racquetball Center, 

~ATURDAY, F€ORUARY 23 
8 PM • MAIN GYM 



... . 

18 Monday, Jan . l'I, 1985 
.;«- ,»_ .. . 

-;:, 

UCSD looks toward hosting All-Cal 

Volleyball off to slow start 
By ALICIA AGOS. Contributing Sports Editor 

T HIS YEAR, THINGS ARE different for the UCSD men's volleyball team. Last season, the Tritons 
were satisfied, even relieved to put up a 
respectable fight against the opposition , 
regardless of the outcome. This season , 
however, complete satisfaction is 
associated with one thing and one thing 
only: winning. And since what they 
didn't do against Cal State Northridge 
last Friday night was win, the Tritons 
aren't satisfied . UCSD lost to Division 1 
Northridge IS-12, IS-9, 15-13. Despite 
the close scores against a tough 
opponent, the Tritons are not satisfied. 

Coach Digger Graybill watched what 
he called "a very encouraging opening 
match. We set three goals before this 
match. Number one was to play hard 
and play aggresively. Number two was [0 

play together and playas a team, and 
since we accomplished those two things 
, we came close to our third goal , which 
was to win. We're not satisfied because 
we didn't win, but we did play close , 
hard and together. We gOt a taste of the 
action , and I think this experience will 
help us with our future matches." 

UCSD's team performance was put 
together by some gritty play on the part 
of Johhny Henderson, who had nine 
kills and three service aces on the 
evening, and freshman Mike Haggerty, 
who displayed what Graybill saw as 
some "excellent passing" and who was 
also responsible for six kills. Howard 
Bishop. who was credited with five kills, 
also played a key role in the Tritons' 
quest for victory. In the cemer of all this 
stood Eric Halman, one of the twO 

Despite setter Eric "Shechy" Halman 's allempt to put one over, UCSD committed 14 serve 
outs agamst Northridge. 

Once Again 

U-~~~ ~ 
BICYCLE MAINTENANCE 

CLASSES 
As always, Tuesday eveni ngs, 5:30 pm at the Back Door. 

Our schedule:' 
Jan. 15 

22 

29 

Flat Ti re Repa ir 
Power Train Overhaul &: 
Derailleur Adjustments 
Hub Overhauls 
Wheel Truing 
Brake Adjustment 
Bottom Bracket &: Headset Overhaul 

Howard Bishop and Johnny Henderson try to stuff the Northridge momer.tum. 

UCSD setters. Halman, according to his 
coach, did "a fine job setting games one 
and two." The other Triton setter. Greg 
Howarth, took over the helm during the 
third game and "almost succeeded in 
leading us on to victory. Grey did an 
excellent job during the last game." 

Although the Tritons were faCing a 
Division I school with an impressive 
reputation, Halman repons that UCSD 
"went in there with the main priority 
being winning. We played hard and 
expected to win. Digger expects us to 
win every game whoever we play. He 
told us the other day, the beauty of 
athletics is that anyone can win." 

What brought the Tritons down was a 

-

flaw in the basics: serving. Said Halman, 
"They didn't pass very well, but we 
didn't serve very well . Our serving kept 
us from winning. They aren't that 
different from us in terms of the level 
they play. Last year we weren't as 
intense as we are this year. We're always 
in the game, but we're not satisfied until 
we win." 

Graybill, who coached his first UCSD 
game last Friday, saw the match as a 
"learning experience for me. We forced 
Northridge [0 make some errors. 1 think 
well be able to beat them when we meet 
them at home in mid-February." 

Tomorrow the Tritons win play top-
ranked Pepperdine in Malibu. Ii:) 

a unique 
opportunity 

for 
Math/Science 

(Majors/Minorll Aptitude., 

No registration, no credit, no fees. 

For you and for the world. Pe.ce Co,ps will combine 
your education with training to p,epa,e you '0' a 
volunteer pOJilion in : • Education • Fisheries _ 
He.lth - Ag,iculture • Forestry Of othe, .re ... You' I 
meet new people, le.rn a new language, experience 
a new culture .nd .. in. whole new outlook. And 
while you',e buildinK you, 'utu,e, you'll be helping 
people in develop InK count,ies I ... ,n the b.sics of 
technological .dvancement. UCSD 

BIKE SHOP 

Just show up, and bring your 
bike if you like, 

452-4279 
(across from the Pub) 

PEACE CORPS RECRUITERS ON CAMPUS 
Information Booth at the Hump 
January 16. 17, 22. & 23. 11 am- 1 pm 
FREE PEACE CORPS RLM 
January 22 & 23. 12 noon & 3 pm 
Revelle Informal Lounge 
INTEIMEWS 
Thursday. January 24. Sign up In adVance 0 1 
the Coreer Planning & Placement Center. 

Monrlay, Jan. 14, 1985 19 

Men's hoop takes two 
coo h has stiadfastly believed that running 
up the score Jor any reason is 
unjustified . .. . After playing two games in as 
many nights, the Tritons have a ween in 
between their next two contests, against 
Biola this Friday and Cal Baptist on 

January 25, both away. UCSD returns to 
the Pavilion on January 29 to Jace Cal 
Lutheran at 8 pm ... . It was the best 
attendance weenend for UCSD baskttball in 
many years as the wuhend contests < CONTINUED FROM PAGE 16< 

Jednak, Kamansky, Nixon and Barreca. 
"You know what aU of this means, don't 
you? We have to tum around and win 
tomorrow night against Claremont 
playing the same type of high-caliber 
ball." 

Again, Marshall's prophecies proved 
uncanny as his club sustained the 
intensity and sure-handedness that were 
the' trademarks of the Rhode Island win 
to defeat Claremont. The only difference 
was that this time the Tritons exhibited 
their new-found style over two halves 
instead of one. 

Rising from obscurity to take hold of 
center stage was forward Bill Reese, who 
responded with his best performance of 
the season, tallying 22 points, mostly 
from the perimeter. I<amansky was 
runner-up in scoring honors with 18 
pOints, including a perfect 12-of-12 
from the charity stripe (UCSD shot an 
incredible 39 free throws, cashing in on 
33), while Nixon, Bennett and Jednak 
added IS, 11 and nine, respectively. But 
what impressed Marshall the most was 
his club's unwillingness to let up. "The 
intensity of the kids was great 
throughout: said Marshall. ·We had a 
superb first half, and when we came out 
in the second, instead of letting down a 
bit like we have done in the past, we 
sustained that high level of intensity to 
the end." 

Both weekend encounters were 
supposed to be stem tests for the 

Tritons, determining nOt only their final 
league record but also how far they've 
come as a team. Since Rhode Island and 
Claremont-Mudd never even posed 
much of a challenge, the prospects of a 
successful season loom bright. 

We've heard that story before, but this 
time it appears there might be a 
different ending. 

TRITON HOOP-l.AH: The Tritons will 
have to ptrform lilte they did the past 
wee~end if they aptct to beat their next 
opponent, Biola University, in La Mirada. 
UCSD has not deJeated Biola in t he last 
Jour meetings, and was disgraced in last 
ytar's opening-round playoff loss. Biola is 
15-1 and rtcentiy defeated Chaminade 
University by 12 points. That's the same 
Chaminadt that upset Oregon State and 
Louisvillt in Dtcember .... The Tritons wert 
a leg up on Rhode Island from the very 
outset. as AndlOrmen center Steve Moran, 
who was averaging a littlt over 15 points a 
game, was benched after missing a team 
curfew the night befort. Relieved oj Moran's 
prtsence in the middlt, UCSD dominated 
the boards, outrtbounding Rhode Island '18-
29 .. . . Neither contest was as close as the 
SCOrt would indicate. In each game, the 
Tritons ltd by as many as 2'1 down the 
strttch before Marshal went to his bench. 
On bot h occasions, the substitutes lost ten 
to 1'1 points off the lead, possibly presenting 
a problem Jor Marshall since acceptance to 
the NCAA Tournament deptnds not only 
on the conJerence record (8-0) but also on 
the margin oj victory. However, the UCSD 

welcomed in 3,000 fan s. ~ 

Sports Slab 
Tuesday, january 15 

Women's basketball at Whittier, 7 pm. 
Men's tennis at UCLA, 1:30 pm. 
Men's volleyball vs. Pepperdine, at Malibu, 7:30 pm, 

friday, january 18 
Men's basketball vs. Biola, at La Mirada, 8 pm, 
Women's basketball vs. Claremom-Mudd, at home, 7:30 pm. 
Men's and women's golf vs. USlU , at Bonsall, 12:30 pm. 
Men's tennis vs. 'San Diego State, at home, 3 pm. 

friday-Sunday, january 18-20 
Men's and women's swim, UCSD Swim San Diego Senior 
Championships, at home, all day. 

Saturday, january 19 
Men's rugby, All-Cal T oumamem, at Sama Cruz, all day. 
Men's volleyball, All-Cal Tournament, at home, aU day. 

Tuesday, january 22 
Men's tennis vs. USIU, at home, 3 pm. 

Wednesday, January 23 
Men's volleyball at San Diego State, 7:30 pm. 

2 and 3 Bedroom 
Condominium Homes 

CONT£STANTS WANTED 
For 

UNLIMITED 
WINNINGS 

On 

TIC TAe DOUGH 
And 

THE JOKER'S WILD 
We'll Be Testing In SAN 

DIEGO ThiS Week. Call NOW 
* 619/~1922 * 
Mon thru Fri gam m 

HOMES FOR SALE 

Walk to U .CS.D. 
Super Family Home 

4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms 
Garden Room with Fireplace 

ONLY $250,000 

CONDO NEAR UCSD 
2 Bedrooms, 2 ~ Bathrooms 

1,720 sq. ft-largest unit 
Excellent Condition 

T ennis, Racquetball, Pool, Spa 
5139,500 

For further information, call 
Marion or Gunter Hirsch 
(619) 454-8846 Office 
(619) 459-4566 Home 

~ Buill for life by ~ .... ~ HIE DOUGLAS AllRED COMPANY __ 

From'127,900 
Attractive Financing AvaUable 

Sak~ Office:: 
1:18-+0· 102 Villa tajolla Drive 

(619H5'7·2160 

@ <!Mcljlsick.. 
c.,Associates 
REAL ESTATE 

u--o-'''''' •• 
1291 Ca~ St., La Jolla, CA 92037 



I 
,. 

20 Monday, Jan- 14, 1985 

CIaIIHIId .... rtIIIng ... II ..... In 
100-ch.,acter Incre .... nts. Each 
....." punc:IUItIon IMIk Met splICe 
betwe.n wards Is conslderwd a 
character. with capital letters 
CCU1tIng as two cNtrKIMI. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 charaaen for studenb 
and 53 per 100 chllraaen for non-
studenb. You must come by the offtce 
or mlllI In )fOUl' ad. as we require 
pII)ftIeIlt In adwnce of publICIIIIon. 
Dead"nes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursdlly's IMper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
GuIIrdlan. UCSO, 8-016. Ut Jolla, CA 
92093. 

KB Books offers text books at 10% below 
bookstore prices-delivered I Call 
immediatelyl 452-83SO. (1/14) 
Bands I All bands interested in being part 
of this year's Battle of the Bands at 
Rtvelle must sign up now in the Rtvelle 
Provost Office. The date of the concert is 
Sl. 25. (1/14) 
The Milton H. Erickson Institute 
announces the San Diego Con~nce 
on Hypnotic and Strategic Interventions 
February ~10, 1985. For information call 
(619) 295-1010. (2/7) 
cars for rent. SI5 per day, SB5 per woeek. 
l.k1l1mited free mileage. ~I Mar 755-
3201. (1/17) 
Need money to go to college or 
\IOcational school? Educational Talent 
Search can help }OU apply for money to 
attend the school of your c:hoice. 
Services a~ free to the pubNc. call 297-
4471. (1/17) 
Menstrual pain? Cramps, nausea, 
abdominal pain, etc. Partidpants needed 
for a research sttJdy. 481-6181. (1/24) 
You don't absolutely have to pay that 
much for textbooks-KS Books can help 
a little. We have new books for 10% off 
bookstore prices-and we deliver in the 
University area. Call now at 452-83SO. 
(1/14) 
SttJdy abroad and eam UC creditsl Final 
information meeting Wed. Jan 16 at 7 
pm in the International Center. For more 
info call 3730. (1/14) 
Find out what ASlO internships are all 
aboutl Tues., Jan. 15th at 7 pm in No. 
Cont. Rm., Studt Ctr. (1/14) 
Students welcomed to join production 
staff of the Joumal. Paste-up, lay-out 
artists needed. Weekly staff ~ngs 
Wednesdays at 6 pm in USGrants otrice 
2nd fir Student Center x3917. (1/17) 
Attn: ASIO Nat'l Interns going to D.C. in 
summer: Mandatory mtg. Thurs., 1/17 at 
8 pm in PH102. (1/17) 
Interested in helplng with this yr's Semi-
Formal? Bands, decorations, etc. 
Contact Marianne: 450-9635 pm. (1/24) 
TKE rings in the newyear with UCSD. All 
a~ invited. Uve music and refreshments. 
The first 85 at door are in free. Friday 9 
pm Jan. 18th Rec G)m. S2. (1/17) 
Call for papersl Undergrads-giYe us 
}Our bestl Submit 3 copies of }<>ur 
research paper to the UCSD Joumal ot 
l.Jndergraduate Research. Guidelines 
avajJab~ at USGrants otrice 2nd ftr ot 
student ctr. Deadline 1/25. For mc:>re 
info: x3917. (1/14) 
~~ ~ for Women: 25-
50 years of age. T1me-lirnlted to 6 
months. Goals: I~ased self-awareness 
and improved Interpersonal functioning. 

Weekly ~tings in Hillcrest area. 
Complimentary to indMdual therapy. 
For more information, contact Karen 
Szmyd, LCSW 291-9308. (1/14) 
If }OU thought the winter All-Cal was 
tun, qet ready for another glorious week 
of skiing at Jackson Hole, in ~ng. 
Join RISC Mar. 23-30 for the 1985 spring 
ski tripl First meeting Jan. 16, 8 pm, Rec. 
Cont. Rm. (1/14) 

~E all school pardo, SattJrday, January 
26. (1/14) 
Eam S500 per 1000 envelopes stuffed. 
Send a self-addressed, stamped 
~Iope to Akram, PO Box A3576, 
Chicago, IL 60690. (1/17) 
Eryoy cards, try your hand at deaHng for 
UCSD Casino Night Dealer's Meeting 
Wed. 1/16 at 5 pm in the No. Conf. 
Room. (1/14) 
Celebrate the death of 1984 with TKE. 

Ba~1s of refreshment and live music. S2 
Friday, Jan. 18th Rec Gym. First 85 skate 
in free. (1/17) 

iiiillWi~alll 
Brand new textbooks tor many AMES, 

~o, C~, Econ, EECS. ~, ~ 
and Math classes-IO% below 
bookstore pricesl ca. KB Boo/cs for 
U1iYersi1¥ area ~ivery: 452-8350. Call 
while supplies last. (1/14) 
Canon F-l camera 3Smm 2.0 lens 13Smm 
2.5 lens, flash, cexpler, ftltl!rs, all Canon, 
all with leather cases. Used on~ a feow 
times. 54SO.00 or best 543-1164. Kevin, 
tveS. (1/17) 
Commodore64 dot matrix printer for 
sale. Excellent condo Used only 2 mo. 
SISO/obo (cost S25O). 457-1942, Alice-
leave msg. (1/14) 
Find fame and fortune in the music 
industry. Fender-like bass guitar. S75. 
Great for beginners. 459-9767. (1/14) 
77 Honda CVCC wagon, am-fm, 5000 
on rblt eng. Good condo S1350 boo 453-
3434. (1/17) 
Racquetball racquets. Head Pro 540, 
Master, S30. Surlboard, 6'8" Thruster, 
brand new, S170. 8rett 457-1662. (1/17) 
Primo: Sony direct drive full auto 
turntable, Technics 20 watt 
amp/receiver. Both new w/wrty. 453-
1094. (1/22) 
Fiat 131S Mirafiori for sale. 1977. 57,000 
miles, brand new engine. Runs, looks 
greatl McMng to Ita~ in Feb. Must sell. 
$1950 b.o. Call 457-S035. (1/17) 
MARSHAll CABINET-Was 0\NI1ed by 
Rob CrusbyofRatt. 4-12" ~akers, great 
sound, good condition. S325. Ca. Ray Jr. 
483-0137. (1/17) 
\1\11 80 Rabbit Diesel. Sunroof, 4 OOor, 
brown, SO mpg. Good condo S21oo. 436-
9632 or 457-2340 xl34l. (1/14) 
1972 \IW Superbeetle. Orange, runs 
fine, engine in good condition. Body 
'NOrk needed on roof & doors or perfect 
for convertible conv~rslon, other 
modification. $900 or boo Tim 454-2057. 
.James 755-7814. (1/14) 

at La Jolla EIem., ~tsnacks, chautraJrto 
activities & guide them through 
home"NOrk til we get home frt)m law 
school and Scripps Memorial. 
Housekeeper takes care of hou~'"""")Our 
job is loving childcare. Must heM own 
car & excellent references. Salary 
negotiable. M, T, F, 3-6, W, 1-6. Leave 
name & phone at 452-5900 (24 hr. serv.) 
for call bad<. Thanksl (1/14) 
Organic Chemistry 1408 ttJtor needed 
SOSI Call Jennifer 453-5019. (1/241 
KEVBOARDIST NEEDED BY "PERPETU-
Al MOTION." CALL SOON. MIKE 294-
8076. (1/221 
Female roommate want~d . LUxry 
2bd/lba apt. off Gilman w/pool &jac. 
S35O/mo.Avall. lmmed. 587-1330. (1/17) 
Part-time et'1'1pIoyment for students. 
Kinko's Copies, 457-3775. 885 Villa La 
Jolla Dr. (I/14) 
We need layout and paste-up artists 
and proofreaders. Come to staff meeting 
of the UCSD Journal of Undergraduate 
Researd1 on Jan. 16, 6 pm at the 
USGrants otnc~, 2nd ftr of stdt. center 
a~ the pool tables. x3917. (1/14) 
Wanted: ~Iers for UCSD casino 
Night. Come to the meeting this Wed. at 
5 pm in the 1\10. Cont. Room to find out 
moreCI/14) 
Call for papersl Undergrads: submit 3 
cop;es ot }()ur best research papers to 
the Joumall Guidelines available at 
USGrants office, 2nd fir of student 
~. ~aHne: Friday Jan. 25. x3917. 
(1/22) 

Female roommatr to share room in 
condo. S210/month. Pool & jacuzzi. 5 
min. walk to school. Uz. 450-9052. (1/14) 
One or two people needed to share 
large master bedroom with private bath. 
Fully fumished. Pool, jac. Prefer eNer 21. 
S200 each. Near U.T.C. 457-1851. (1/14) 
Female roommate wanted. Non-
smoker. Share large hou~ with 3 others. 
Call 483-3210 ~. Adrienne. (1/14) 
Roommate wanted-Mira Mesa house, 
master br, own bath. S285 & util., non 
smoker. 695-8408. Ask for Sarah. 11/31) 
Single room available, Mission Beach 

hou~, ocean side, washer-dryer, sun 
dedc, 1/6 utilities & S230 mo. 273-6497. 
(1/17) 
Female roommate to share room in large 
condo near UTC, pool. S212.5O/monttl & 
1/3 util. 457-1542. 11/171 
Fema~ upperclassman or grad. student 
wanted to share large 2 br tooNnhouse 
near UTe. Prefer neat. personat*, 
IlberaHninded, no pets, no tobacco. 
Large bedroom and space in diri~ 
room for a study. $25O/mo. & 1/2 
utilities. Michael, 587-0445 (nlghtl, 573-
5037 (day). (I/l4) 
Responsible f~male student needs 
housing. Feb. I. Beth 435-0247.11/221 
Female roommate wanted. Luxury 
2bd/lba apt off Gilman w /pool & jac. 
S3SO/mo.Avall. immed. 587-1330. (1/17) 

"6111111111 dlS/H@gj j I 
Wanted: Weight set and/or weight 
bench. Call ~an. 453-5791. (1/141 
Childcare after school. Plea~ pick-up 
our 5th grade daug~r & 4th grade son 

TWING/WORD PROCESSING-For all 
}()ur ~ needs calf Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted. (1/31) 
cars for rent. SI5 per day, $85 per week. 

Unlimited free mileage. ~I Mar 755-
3201. (1/31) 
Need a OJ br your next party1 All ~ 
of music. very low fatrs. Equipment 
rentals also. John 453-0640. (1/171 
T)PinQ/word processing. Guaranteed 
error 1ree. Rush .Jobs. SUs}fl 729-6277. 
(1/141 

Have a band1 Show UCSD}QJr talent 
Jan. 25th at the arv"IUai Re\.telle Battle ot 
the Bcn:Is. Sign up now In the Revelle 
Provost Office. Free campus-wide 
publldty & rNewsll (1/141 
Find out what ASIa Internships are all 
aboutl Tues., Jan. 15th at 7 pm In No. 
Cant. Rm., Studt Ctr. (1/14J 
Starting to 'NOrl< on )OUr surnrner tan? 
Full body face and bikini wax near 
campus. 457-2003 for apt. (1/171 
Intem this sumer in Washington, D.C.I 
M~tory A~O p~ ~ng 
TtlJrs., 1/17 at 8 pm In PHl02. (1/171 
Hey, let's skip the movies this Friday and 
celebrate Nf!!W Year's with T1(E and 
UCSO. Th«e's IN! music and lots of 
I~tmtments In Ret ~. 52. Jan 18th 9 
pm. Rrst 85 free. (1/171 
Are }()u tired of starVtng at nlght1 caN 
Food for Thought at 481-3397 for 
Rot.ndtabIe PIzza at 7 pm or Roberto's at 
11:30. Please cal at least 45 minutes In 
acNance of the deIYery time. (IIMI 
Bring slides and photos ofVlN ID theJirst 
ski dub meeting (RfSCI ot ~ qtr. Wed. 
1/16 at 8 pm In the Rec Carl Room. 
Jadaon Hole info CNllJabte. (1/141 

~De COIT1rT1U1m: Broombal begins 
1/22. If}Ou already have a team bring In 
a list & $20. Or sign up in the Comnuter 
LDunge. (1/17) 
Don't wait until }Ou're irnited to the 
beach to start losing weight Start now. 
12 sessions. 1/2 price if purchased in Jan. 
Near campus. 457-2003. (1/17) 
Momma, sony I won'~ be horne this 
weekend. Goma spend Ne)v Year's Eve 
with T'KE's Friday, Jan. 18th at the Rec 
Gym, 9 pm. (1/17) 

PhysIcs 2B Anal SprIng 84 Lost Large 
reward for retuml Code runber 539. 
Please go through }OUr old papers. May 
~ been accidentally taken from 
Meyer Ha' shef\Ies. 'Rlanks, SUsan 483-
1383. (1/17) 
FolI1d: Shower ca~ containing gokI 
chain and pendant engraved wtth 
lritials C.W. Phone 565-8653. (1/171 
Lost Smal silver athletics bag. Contains 
rtnling shoes, shorts, and shirt. Contact 
Doug at 452-0500. (1/171 
Found: calculator during finals \tYeeIc 
last quarter In Peterson Hal. ca. to 
identify. 259-8607. (1/221 
Lost-readlng glasses wtth tan case on 
1/9. Call Dwtght 259-8607. (1/221 
Reward for waDeti Eetskln (Brownl 10 
cards I~t. Call Jack or Staty 483-
9968·11/221 
Found: Car keys In front ot Urey Hall. ca. 
Christoph 455-7293. (1/171 
Fou1d: Blanket. In Medal Student 
Loulge. BasIc Sdenc~ Building. Cau 
S~ 455-5985. (1/14) 


