
A Glan e- -
· Askance at . 

UCSO's 
. Open 

House 



2 Morlllnv ~ lay n, 1<)85 
NEWS 

~. ~ ~=%...:~ ",~~ ')~'" " • ... • '.< '. '-,'-

The Auociawl Studenrs of UCSD are 
busy planning for the second annual 
Sun God Festival May 10 (Raindate May 
17), 

The festival, a campus and 
community unifying carnival centered 
around the famous Sun God sculpture 
by Niki de Saint Phalle, wiU include over 
30 food and game booths, jugglers , 
mimes, clowns, live music, prizes, 
evening e nte rtainment featuring Los 
Lobos and more. 

Susan LeWIS, the Sun God Festival 
d irector, describes the celebration as "a 
fun day for UCSD a nd the commun ity 
that enhances school unity and provides 
an escape from the pressures of the 
University." 

The carnival food and game booths 
are organized, sponsored and staffed by 
va rious student organiza tions. Accordi ng 
to Michael Wens!ey, a member of the 
participating Sigma Al pha Epsilon 
frate rn ity, "The Sun God Festival IS a 
good opponunity to put some pizazz in 
the othe!WIse monotonous student 
lifestyle: 

The Sun God Festival '85 opens at 10 
am and closes at 7 pm. The sched ule of 
events features carnival booths running 
th roughout the day, stage e ntertainment 
from 12 to 3 including the UCSD Jazz 
Ensemble, dance exhibits and an 
auction, a campus-wide barbeque and 
TGIF (free outdoor concert) from 4 to 7. 
Los Lobos, sponsored by the Unive rsity 
Events Office, will perform In the Main 
Gym from 8 to 12 pm. 

Admission to the Sun God Festival is 
free. Proceeds will be donated to CARE 
for famine relief in Ethiop ia. 

o 
UCSD Mandeville Center will be the 

si te of an unprecedented gala, unifymg 
painting, sculpture , innovative dance, 
fi rewalking, laser shows and 
performance art beginning at 7 pm, May 
10. 

"Transformations" will be the 
culmination of Lisa Longworth's "Golden 
Bird" exhibition, presented at UCSD 
Annex Gallery May 5-10. 

Longworth 's floating paintings, which 
were inspired by a near-death 
experience, will provide the backdrop 
for "Transformations: to be held in the 
open-air courtyard on the lower level of 
Mandeville Center. 

This event will be black-tie optional. 
Hors d'ocurves, no host bar, danCi ng, 
music and valet parking will be 
provided for the more than 1,000 
expected guests. 

Tickets are SI5 in advance/ $20 at the 
door and are tax deduc tible. They are 
available through Ticketron and the 
UCSD Box Office. All proceeds from the 
sale of Longworth 's artwork and tickets 
will be donated to the Career Guidance 
Foundation , a non-profit organization. 

o 
The economics depanment of UCSD 

is sponsoring a lecture on "USJapan 
Competition in High Technology 
Industty" at 4 pm, Tuesday, May 14, in 
the Liebow Auditorium, Basic Science 
Building. The lecture is free and open to 
the public. 

Dan Okimoto of Stanfo rd University 
and Aoyd Kva mme of Kleiner, Perkins, 
Caufie ld & Byers, a venture capital 
company, are the lecturers. Okimoto is a 
professor of political science and co-
di rector o f Northeast Asia US Forum on 
International Policy. He is a member of 
the Executive Steering Committee of the 
Institute fo r Strategic and Intemational 
Studies at Stanfo rd and author of 
Compelltive Edge: The Semi-Conductor 
Industries in US and Japan. 

Kvamme curre ntly serves on [he 
board of LOtus Development 
Corporation an d before join ing Kliner, 
Perkins, Caufield & Byers, was executive 
vice president o f marketing and sales 
for Apple Comp uter. 

o 
A histOric , live sarrllite simulcast 

between Soviet and American World 
War II veterans in San Diego and 
Moscow wiU take place Tuesday, May 7, 
at KPBS-1V Cha nnel 15 studios to 
commemorate the 40th annivesary of VE 
Day. 

The si mulcast wi ll link a studi o 
audience in San Diego with a n audience 
at Gostelerad io Studios in Moscow. 

The event is p roduced by the UCSD 
Department of Communication and the 
Roosevelt Center for American Policy 
Studies, Washington, DC, in 
cooperation with KPBS-TV, located at 
San Diego State University . 

The simulcast, Remembering Wa r, 
provides a rare opportunity fo r allied 
veterans of both nations to recaU and 
refiect upon their wartime experiences 
and assess the war's impact on their 
societies. Remembering War will use 
documentary and feature films, 
photography, music and drama from the 
war and postwar era to stimulate 
discussion among the space bridge 
participants. 

The simulcast will be moderated in 
the US by Frederick Starr, president of 
Oberlin College, and in the Soviet 
Union by well-known journalist and 
Radio Moscow commentator Vladimir 
Pozner, frequently seen on ABC-lVs 
Night/ine. 

Audiences at each site will include 
W orld War II veterans, civilian olIicials, 
historians, war correspondents, workers 
o n the home front , and h istory teachers 
and their students. Current media 
technology WIll allow the "space bridge" 
participants, located in different parts of 
the world , to experience the 
presentations simultaneously. 

~----------~----------~ -~E _ _ IT:J ~ 
--

-. r 
.. " ~ • .... ~ ~r.. lit .. 1"'L.i!£ll J- f- :t r rj , K. · rJ Ir L,nl ..4 II III .. 

"" 
,. r-' _ iiii~ ~ 

.. 

" 
... I 

-
16 r l AlCl 

-I II IL ' I I} 
I'" ~~ ~ I '. + r 

-

Cover: Open House '85 brang out the parents and 
community members to see what our UCSD campus is all 
about. Tossed into the day's activities was a teach-in by 
several faculty members on the subject of South African 
apanheid, The teach-in was a peaceful and informative 
event that added to rather than detracted from the day's 
success. See page 7. 
News: Revelle ups the humanities ante-what you could do 
in three quarters before will now take you five quarters. 
Kristin Luker speaks on the position of women in society 
today, And students give up a meal to help some of those 
stricken with famine in Ethiopia, 
Opinions: A student cuts a path through the forest of 
divestment in one viewpoint, while moral responsibility anq 
the UCSD community encompass another. Plus letters and 
Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Why do anti-apartheid students continue 
their vigil into a second week? The movement is still growing. 
As we sleep they organize the next day's events, and as one 
protestor slumbers we see what they have accomplished_ 
Spons: Nadine Akimoto, Jessica Vernon <Sit Lisa Gilbert are 
featured in an extensive e~pose on their lives and times as 
Triton women's tennis players. 
Plus... The Weekly Calendar 

COVER PHOTOS BY STEVE MILLS & RICH PECJAK ' 

The aim of the project is to produce a 
series of simulcasts on aspects of Soviet 
and American hiStory, culture and 
contemporary life that are of interest to 
citizens of both countries. 

A Washington, DC', downlink of the 
simulcast will be presented at the 
United States Chamber of Commerce, 
1615 H St. , NW. 

Several universities which are part of 
the National University Teleconferencing 
Network (NUTN) have also agreed to 
serve as downlink sites. These sites 
include the campuses of: Oklahoma 
State, Georgia, Virginia Commonwealth, 
Cal State Chico, Purdue and Kansas 
State. Other universities may also be 
able to take the simulcast off the NUTN 
system. 

In addition to the universities , three 
public school systems, San Diego, San 
Francisco and Miami-Dade, will also be 
downlink sites. 

Remembering War evolved from aJuly 
1983 US-Soviet space bridge produced 
by the UCSD Department of 
Communication. The one-hour 
s imulcast, Moscow Calling San Diego: 

Clllldren and Film , featured children and 
producers of children's film from both 
countries. An edited version of the 
program was later shown on the Public 
Broadcasting Service in the US and was 
widely shown throughout the Soviet 
Union . 

A tape of the simulcast wiU be aired 
by KPBS Channel 15 from I to 3 pm on 
Saturday, May II. 

o 
A recently ~Ieued new drug which 

was extensively studied at the Pediatric 
Allergy Medical Group of San Diego will 
not only provide relief from the 
symptoms of asthma, but may also 
prevent some types of asthma from 
taking place. 

Asthma symptoms result from a 
constricting of the air passageways to 
the lungs, making it difficult for a 
person to breathe. 

It was found that the new drug 
prescribed under the trade name 
Tomalate will significandy reduce the 
occurrence of bronchospasm in people 
suffering with asthma-like symptoms. 

-Ulys McCoy 
'0 asectioln'~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

• 

eBoycott planned for 13th day of prot~st 
A class boycon has been scheduled for Tuesday to 

show student support for the anti-apartheid movement 
to administrators and faculty and to convince the UC 
Regents to divest. 

still plan to hold c lasses and exams on Tuesday. 
Graduate students also met Thursday and discussed 

canceling the classes for which they are teaching 
assistants. A list of canceled classes is being prepared but 
is n~ yet available. 

Regents before their June 19 meeting. Atkinson said he 
would second the proposal for the committee. 

The "boycott," which has also been referred to as a 
strike, was initiated by UCSD protestors, :lnd UC 
Berkeley and UC Santa Cruz students have also decided 
to strike. 

Student protestors have been sming-in at "Winnie 
Mandela" (Humanities) Library for nearly twO weeks, 
and their efforts ha~ produced notable results on 
campus in the last few days: 

Thursday: About 25 faculty members met to discuss 
their role in the student movement with a few members 
supporting a campus class boycott. Faculty support for 
divestment, however, is fragmented . Many profl'~sors 

Protestors again went to Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
to demand thaI he commit himself on the issue of 
divestment, but failing this , Atkinson did say he thought 
it was wrong for universities in general to have holdings 
in South Africa. 

Dr. Michael Parish, History Department chair, said he 
plans to propose a committee made up of four 
undergraduates. four graduates, and four faculty and 
staff to the faculty senate meeting on May 8 . The 
comminee WOUld study divt'stlture and include open 
forums , and would make a proposal for divestment to the 

Sunday: Cinco de Mayo celebrations, which included . 
a popular Open House (see page 7) and a Renaissance 
Faire , also included a faculty teach-in about South Africa 
(which was moved outside at the last minute) and an 
unusually visible group of demonstrators, 

According to one of the proteStors, the~ had been 
plans to hide evidence of the on-going sleep-in, but a 
warning from UCSD police to clean up the front of the 
library, which included hiding sleeping bags and gear, 
prompted the demonstrators to make themselves and 
their outdoor sleep-in arrangements as visible as 
possible during the Open House . 

Several of the demonstrators also participated in a 
mock South African funeral. 

Monday, May 6, 1985 3 
Ne~ 

... . ~. . '. ~ c... . ~ " .. <'" 

Revelle students face humanities changes 
By BARBARA W, STEARNS, Slaff Writer 

THE FACULTY OF REVELLE College has approved a change in the Revelle Humanities Program 
from the c urrent three-quarter sequence 
to a new five-quarter sequence. This 
new requirement, which will go into 
effect with the freshmen of 1985-86, 
eliminates the additional 
humanities/ social science requirement 
of Revelle students. 

Proposals to change the system began 
more than two years ago, as the 
Curriculum Review Committee 
researched the idea that students were 
not happy with the humanities 
sequence. "Many students felt that the 
18-unit sequence was much too intense 
and that they were only getting 'half a 
loaf of a Western Civilization 
education: according to Heather 
Bridgeman, chair of the present 
Curriculum Review Commiuee. 

Additionally, the Committee on 
Educational Policy conducted a major 
study of general reqUirements, setting 
many new guidelines for UCSD's four 
colleges to follow. Although ReveUe 
College dearly demonstrated a more-
than-adequate writing program, "UCSD 
was the only UC campus that did not 
have a speci fie class to meet the Subject 
A requirement, a reqUirement of aU UC 
graduates ," according to Dr. Tom Bond, 
Revelle provost. The recent change has 
been structured so that incoming 
freshmen will take a writing course 
speci fi caUy designed to meet the Subject 
A requirement in the faU quarter of their 
freshma n year. The only students who 

will be exempt from this all-campus 
course are those who satiSfy the Subject 
A requirement through examination. 
Furthermore , any student currently 
enroUed in a humanities sequence who 
does not pass at leas~ one quarter with a 
C or bener must take this course. 

The new humanities sequence actually 
introduces a course reduction in Revelle 
requirements, as weU as a reduction by 
six units in unit requirements. The new 
sequence will include two six-unit 
courses in the winter and spring of the 
freshman year and three four-unit 
courses during the sophomore year. 

Combining the material from both the 
current II and 12 sequences, the new 
system reflects the requirements of past 
years which has two fUUJears of 
Humanities llA, llB an llC, and I lA, 
12B and 12C. However, in the new 
sequence the faculty has combined 
course llC and 12A to make the 
reqUirement: llA and liB in the 
freshman year and 1 lA, 12B and 12C in 
the sophomore year. The faculty hopes 
the new system will "expose students to 
the full scope of Western Civilizatin; the 
history, literature, and philosophy of 
which our country operates," Bond said. 

Students who are currently enrolkd in 
humanities and who do not pass either 
Subject A (C or above in one of the 
three quarters) or the ReveUe 
requirement (C- or above in all three 
quarters) are urged to seek academic 
advice on how the new humanities 
requirement will affect them. 

'HE ~"N ~"p 
FE~"'lJIJL 

Wiflt 4 .. 
IIll-'A.,l4f pf "f"S ',,,,,,,' .. f 

FE~T'Y4L FEII~T 
F'Af'd· .. S: 
f-JE~'lfJ'TE 8l1e-a -elfJElI 8fJe~Ee~, 

~" .. 0 .. Tit, ~,I, 'e, ~"A'" ' .. A ~fiei 
WAf",."btt, A"~ r4fJ~tI ~"eE 
~, ~,,,,, f, fie, F;,l~ ~y TUE ~flN ~OP f' 
'fLE8'eIlTE & ENJOy Fe'PII'I, H4'1'O fit 

Pi .... " Will 8, ~"~,~ F"", f: 00 f, ':00 t",. 
Tiek,ff IJtlA;lAlt, F"", IJN'I ~A' lilt" J:JO 
tit, PA~ 'I "t., Ev, .. tJFeEE w/~'I4' ~'Al ~A'A, ~4.00 I" ~fl4~, .. ff " ~fA4( -r' HeAl ~A'~f) 

,f,: IJLL ~AI,f";Af will I, ~L"CEP •• 
........ ",.."", sponsored by 0 

~A""l4f e'fi~'ttf P'A"f Att~ . ' ._ 
fI'~P F,,~ ~"~fe'f 

The courses have the following 
deSCriptions: "Humanities I: The 
Foundations of Western Civi lization: 
Israel and Greece" (s ix un it): Study of 
the two cultures that together formed 

the foundation on which Western 
C ivilization is built. Study of the Hebrew 
Bible in the context of the ancient Near 
Eastern world; examination of texts from 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 ) 

Skipping meals 
Mealskip, the campus campaign to 

help feed a hungry Afri ca, rdised over 
$3,000 in contributions which will 
benefit impoverished countries in Africa , 
including Ethiopia , Somalia, Chad and 
Sudan , through the charity organization 
CARE. 

The money was raised by the 
cafeterias which pa id for students to 
skip a meal on May 2. Judy Balter and 
Rita Patel, the twO Mealskip 
coordinators, said that in addition to 
the S2,2V made from meal card 
donations, S750 was raised from cash 
donations. "We set up tables in Revelle 
Plaza and in front of Peterson Hall," 
Balter said , adding that donation cans at 
various stores around campus brought 
in funds as weU. 

According to Patel, 1336 people 
volunteered to skip their evening meal 
on May 2, for which the Campus Food 
Services donated SUO in raw food 
costs to the project. The remainder of 
the $5 .80 value of a meal card goes to 
labor costs and other overhead . Balter 

said she hopes that Campus Food 
Services will donate a larger sum per 
ca rd in the future . 

Well over half of the approximately 
2,260 meal card holders on campus 
gave up a meal for the project, and 
Balter and Patel we re quite pleased with 
the turnout. • Altogether, about 2,000 
students participated in this. That's one-
fifth of UCSD's students, and that's 
pretty good: they said. 

"We had one woman bring her four 
year old daughter over with her piggy 
bank." Patel saRI. 

·One thing we learned was that even 
a quarter helps. One day in the plaza 
we got $50 in quarterS alone ." sa id 
Balter. 

The Mealskip project was sponsored 
by the Associated Students in 
coordination with Campus Food 
Services. The CARE organization sent an 
info rmation sheet to the AS offi ces a nd 
Pa tel and Balter volunteered to organize 
the project at UCSD. 

- Susan Sullivan 

$ PRESIDENT'S UNDERGRADUATE 
__ .~LLOWSHIP _ 

$ 
The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 

Competition for 1985-86 is now open, This program is 
designed to assist exceptionally talented unctersraduate 
students to cany out special studies and/or projects under 
faculty supervision during term time and/or vacation. Such 
projects may include 'research and/ or other aeative 
activities. 

A stipend Is awarded for each winning project: and is 
scaled to established need as reftected In the cost of the 
project. 

Applications are available In your College Student Financial 
Services oftlce In the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MIlt 2"', 1985. 

The DevId JeyGembee Fellowship Competition for 1985-86 
Is now open. DavId Jfly Gernbee was a Revelle student who 
was killed In a tratnc accident Just prior to the 1978-79 
ecedemlc year, A fellowship fund hes been set up in his 
memory to assist undergraduate students to cany out speciel 
studies and projects In Student Government and/or 
ecological values clertftcation. 

Such studies and projects may include research and/or 
other crea~ ectMtIa. The program requirements are the 
same as for the Prak:tent's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program Competition. 

Applications are available In your college Student Financial 
Services Otnce In the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MIlt 2"', 1985. 



.. MOtlday, May 6, 1985 

Demystifying a muddled issue 
By DAN ROSE 
lWElVE COMMON CRITICISMS OF 

DlVESlMENT - RERJTED 
(I) "Divestment cannot possibly achieve Us 
goal {the WIthdrawal of us compames from 
South Africa]. UC holdings are a drop in 
the bucnet co a big corporation hne IBM." 

First , the situation is not as Simple as 
JUSt how large or small the Untversity's 
holdings are. No company wants the 
negative publicity associated with a 
major shareholder's divestment When 
major universities and cities divest, the 
companies do take notice. Some have 
already withdrawn or sold off their 
South African operations. Second, why 
should the University suppOrt immoral 
practices, even indirectly, when it has 
the option not to? 
(II ) "The Regents ' hands arr tted. They arr 
obligated to earn the highest possible profits 
because they have promised certain pension 
benefi ts co their employees. " 

By this reasoning, the Regents should 
also invest in drug smuggling, etc. , 
which is far more profitable than any of 
their current investments. ("But that's 
different-those activities are iIIegal.") In 
our country, depriving someone of his 
or her civil rights on the basis of race is 
also illegal. The companies in South 
Africa must obey South Afncan law. 
however, which not only allows but 
actually mandates this depnvation of the 
rights of its majority. Would we agree to 
invest in the manufacture of heroin 
abroad if it were legal there? 
(III ) "Even if divestment did force American 
companies to leave South Africa, it would 
only hurt the very pfOple U's supposed to 
help-the black majority, who get equal 
trt~arment only from those us companies 
adhering to the Sullivan principles. " 

While It may be true that blacks are 
treated better by companies that adhere 
to those principles (which involve such 
issues as integration in the workplace, 
equal benefits and so forth ), only three 
percent of the black population work for 
those companies. If the consequences of 
US withdrawal would be so devastating, 
why do black South African leaders 
support the divestiture moyement? 
We're not talking about people like the 
Nobel Peace Prize-winning Bishop Tutu 
of the Angelican Church, not JUSt a 
bunch of anti-Western revolutionaries. 
Clearly they believe that our presence 
merely validates the white regime by 
(forgive the pun) whitewashing the US 
perception of the evils of apartheid. 
("But you wouldn't cut off aid to 
Ethiopia just because their government 
is oppressive , would you?") No, because: 
(1) leaders of the Ethiopian majority did 
not ask us to, by contrast to South 
Afnca, and (2) sending food is not the 
same as investing in a corporation 

which is there to make a profit 
(IV) "Those kids {t he protestors! don't 
really care about Sout.h Afnca. They Just 
need something to shout aboul. Next ween 
It '/I be something else." 

After all the media attention about 
this bemg the generation of apathetic , 
self-cemered YUPpies. why are the 
current protestors being ridiculed as 
leftover hippies? Many are the same 
studems called yuppie last week. You 
don't have to be a radical to suppOrt 
divestment, you just have to believe in 
liberty and Justice for all . Aren't all 
Americans supposed to believe in that? 
As far as this being a fnnge group. the 
size of the movement should refute the 
idea that this IS an isolated bunch of 
rebels-wi thout-causes. 
(V) 'The mlly reason anyone IS protesting 
now is because iI's fashionable . Next ween 
they'll be bacn at the beach." 

Often the same people who made the 
previous argument make this one, too. 
First it's that they're just a bunch of 
radicals. then It'S that they're just a 
bunch of kids doing something chic. 
While I would not make this 
assumption about those who are giving 

those companies were responsible for 
propping up the white minority 
government long after it should have 
collapsed . Even one who feels no moral 
reason to sUppOrt divestmem should 
realize that small financial losses now 
may prevem large ones later. 
(VII) "If we pull our investments out of 
Sout h Africa, some other country will put 
theirs in-and further undermine our 
Influence. " 

Fine, let the blood be on their hands. 
As explained above, I'd rather be on the 
right side-both morally and 
pragmatically-when the shooting stops. 
With whom do you think the new 
government will want to trade, the 
country who pulled out rather than 
support apanheid, or the one who 
stepped in to prop up the hated old 
regime? 
(VIII) "If you really want to hurt those 
companies, why don't you boycott them? 
Don 't try to push the rrsponsibUity off onto 
the Rtgents." 

Some would answer (and have), 
"Fine, give me a list of those companies, 
and I will." However, many are nO( 
sellers of commercial products we buy 

THE GUARDIAN STAFF URGES YOU TO 
BOYCOTT YOUR CLASSES FOR DIVEST-
MENT TOMORROW 'AND AI lEND THE 
NOON RALLY. 

up their time to support the protest, 
perhaps there are some who panicipate 
because they are curious or think it will 
be "fun ." Well , what better way to educate 
the fonnerly unconcerned than to get 
them to panicipate? I, for one, would 
not want to tum anyone away. There 's 
no sense in just preaching to the 
convened _ 
(Vl) "The divestment movement denies the 
finaru:ial reality oj the corporate world. It 
all comes down to money, and no company 
is ever going to give up a profitable 
operatIOn. " 

The answer to this is simple, but 
often overlooked. There is no question 
that there will be a change of power in 
South Africa sometlme In the future . If 
the daily news reports are any 
indication, it will be sooner rather than 
later, and it will be bloody and 
destructive. When the majority finally 
takes over, the American companies will 
learn about real losses when their South 
African branches are burned , looted or 
seized. Do you think anyone will say. 
"Hey wait , they were trying to help us"? 
Fat chance. More likely, they'll say that 

on a regular basis. (Coca Cola and 
Kodak come to mind as exceptiOns). 
Saying that the next dishwasher I buy (I 
don't even have one) won't be a General 
Electric is hardly taking a stand. 
Funhennore, even if we did boycott 
products, it would take an enonnous 
movement, and much time, to make an 
impact. By contrast, immediate sale of 
large ponions of stock holdings ARE 
noticed by the corporations affected . 
(IX) "If you really think it 's immoral to 
support apartheid, howevtr indirectly, why 
don 't you divest your investment in the 
University (i.e., drop ouO?" 

First, the University does not make a 
profit from its students. Even priyate 
universities pay only a part of their 
expenses from tuition and fees. and UC 
isn't even private . ("But you're 
supporting those investments just by 
agreeing to attend the University.") 
Second, the analogy just doesn't hold; 
however, the University invests in 
corporations in order to make money, 
and currently the investments in South 
Africa are pan of that process. We 
attend the University to get an 

education, however, and how the 
University earns money for its 
employees' pensions is not part of that 
process. If we objected to the way we 
were being educated, of course we 
would withdraw and go somewhere else. 
Likewise . if the University objects to 
how its money is being invested (and it 
should), It ought to withdraw and put it 
somewhere else. 
(X) "Why aren 'I you protesting the Soviet 
Union's treatment of Afghanistan, or 
Vtetnam 's treatment of Cambodia, etc.? The 
push for divestment is just another thinly 
disguised anti-Western, pro-Communist 
movement." 

Some of us do protest those activities. 
However, the reason we aren't 
organ izing on this scale is that the 
institutions we are part of (the COUntry 
and the University) do not currently 
support the oppressing power. Who is 
going to be affected by such a protest? 
What am I going to do, boycott 
Vietnamese goods? I've never seen any. 
By contrast, the United States, cet:tain 
corporations and the University aD 
support the South African regime, 
however indirectly. Therefore, there is a 
realistic goal that we can achieve: 
ending this support. Shouldn't we use 
our resources where we can really make 
a difference? 
(XI) "Why all the fuss over divestment 
now? Obviously you're not very serious if 
you waited all this time to complain about 
all this." 

There's no time like the present. 
Perhaps the criticism that we should 
have done something sooner is a valid 
one, but why should that be a reason 
not to do something now? There may be 
several reasons for the recent growth of 
the UC divestment movement, such as 
the vote of the California State Assembly 
to hak further invesonents in 
corporatiOns with dealings in South 
Africa, and its consideration of total 
divestment. For whatever reason, people 
are finally aware of the issue and are 
beginning to let their opinions be heard. 
(Xii) "What right do YO" Americans have 
to criticize South Africa when some of your 
own laws supported institutionalized racism 
just 25 years ago?" 

We are not speaking from some 
historical moral high ground. We hal'\: 
learned the hard way aboUt the evils of 
racism, and there is much work to do 
yet to abolish prejudice and 
discrimination against our minorities. 
But if we have learned, the least we can 
do is share what we have learned with 
others. Indeed, it seems especially 
appropriate for us to take a stand and 
say yes, the cycle of racism can be 
broken. 

Monday, May 6, 1985 5 

n<etttt~Ir~n<.eilit<err~n<eilit<eIr~n<elli.t<eIr~ncett{t~rr~nce(tltcelr~nce~ttceIr~ll®tttt<elf~n<e(hl<eIr~n<eilit<eIr~n<efrtt~rr~ncefrfrce 
fr~Ir~lettersn®{hl<err~n<e{tit<err~n~tttt®Ir~ncefrfrcerr~ncetttt®rr~n\e{hlcerr~n<e;tttt<eIr~n®ilit<eIr~n<e{tit<err~n®frfr@rr~n 
Ir~n®ttttcelf~n<etttt<elr~n~tttt®lr~n®ilit~rr~n®itfr~Ir~n®{tttcerr~n<ettttcelf~ncettitceIr~ll~lli.t~Ir~nceilitcelr~n(Mlfr®Ir~n®{t 
DivestIture debate technology to produce fuel from its own vast coal an entire investment those monies the companies hold 

resources). To avoid the catastrophic effects of sudden in South Africa, when actually only a small proportion 
Editor: 

This is an open letter to the UCSD community of 
students. I am truly in awe of what has happened on 
campus in the last week. In the year and a half I have 
been at UCSD, I have been appalled at the apathy on 
campus. This has all changed in the past week. It 
seems as if the rallies againSt apartheid have done 
more than make studems aware of the brutal system in 
South Africa; they have also brought students together 
in a "community". Whatever else comes of the past 
week, I believe UCSD will not be an apathetiC campus 
any more. All of us students have become closer 
together in a bond offriendship and awareness.. . all 
because of the rally last Wednesday and what came 
after. 

I firmly support the students engaged in the sit-in at 
the "Winnie Mandela" Library. You are all to be 
commended for your attitude. It takes a special kind of 
commitment to do what you are doing. I was involved 
in demonstrations against the Viemam War in the 
early 70s (I was not in college then). Your 
participation and commitment are in the spirit of the 
people who were demonstrating to end American 
involvement in that war. During last Wedensday's rally, 
I was struck by a sense of deja vu. I had been afraid 
that the spirit and commitment for change in the '60s 
and 70s had died. I'm glad I was wrong. 

There are several other avenues to pursue to bring 
pressure against South Africa to end apartheid. We can 
tell our professors we want to discuss this issue in 
class. An open discussion of all the pros and cons of 
this issue is important in a university environment. A 
university education should riot JUSt be restricted to 
class lectures and what we read in books. This issue is 
JUSt as important as chemistry. biology, and computer 
theory. 
We can discuss this issue in ol,lr dorms, apartments, 
and at our homes with our roommates and families. 
We can discuss this issue at our jobs, off campus, and 
with anyone we encounter in our daily lives. This 
should be done in a cooperative spirit, not one of 
dogmatism. If our friends , roommates, and families 
disagree with us, we should listen to their views. Also 
all sides of this issue must be raised , so we have 
enough information to make up our own minds and 
not JUSt foUow whoever is yelling the loudest. I believe 
this is what the example of the students who are 
engaged in the sit-in at the "Winnie Mandela" Library 
is teaching us. 

There is another avenue for us to take. We can write 
our state legislators and tell them we want them to 
support legislation urging the UC Regents to divest. 
Our representatives in Sacramento do pay attention to 
what their consituents teU them. If students write, they 
should address their letters to their state assemblymen 
and state senatOrs from their home districts if they do 
not live in San Diego. Legislators do not pay attention 
to people who are not in their districts because these 
people do not vote for them. Let your representatives 
know that as taxpayers, voters, and UC students you 
support divestiture. Let your representatives know how 
you feel about apanheid. 

Lastly, we can show our suppOrt for the students 
camped out at "Winnie Mandela" Library. We can 
make sure they have food , sleeping bags, and other 
items as needed . We can join them ourselves if our 
personal circumstances allow. We can have weekly 
rallies until the quarter ends. We can write letters to 
the local newspapers and teleVlsion stations explaining 
why we are against apanheid and for divestiture. We 
can get together with the other colleges in the San 
Diego area and coordinate activities. There is strength 
in numbers. I even envision a raUy of aU the students 
from aU the local colleges in the area expressing 
solidarity with the brave Blacks in South Africa. 

Whatever each of us chooses to do, let this new-
found sense of "Community" not die out. In this 
struggle. each of us will find a strength and 
committment we didn't know we had. It is up to us to 
go as far as we can. 

Bobbi E~rett 

Editor: 
An Open Response To An Open letter-
Thank you, Mr. Calgary, for pointing out the short 

comings in our drive for freedom in South Africa. Gee, 
how could we possibly have missed the obvious 
implications of divestment which were so black and 
white to you? 

Now that I've given it some thought, I can see the 
headlines: "UC Divestment Sends South Africa Reeling 
Into Depression". let's be realistic. Tony Ngubo, a 
fonner UCSD professer born and raised in S. Africa, 
indicated that it would be "naive" of us to believe that 
we could topple the S. African government by 
divesting. There are many more foreign Investors and 
the government is in many respects self-sufficient (for 
instance. the US has supplied S. Africa with the 

divestment you recommend "gradual" change. Good of a company's business is carried out there. Of course 
point. The African National Congress has only been only a small portion of Kodak's business is in South 
struggling against Apanheid for 73 years. Heck, let's Africa. Likewise with Ford, Chrysler, G.M .. I.B.M .. and 
give them a chance! It will probably only be another countless others. But any business is too much 
hundred years at the rate they are going now until business. As long as we put money-any money-into 
there is some meaningful change. One hundred fifty South Africa, we indicate to the white minority 
years at tops! governmem that we are behind them. Regardless of 

As far as your concern over who would be hun the what we say, or actions predetennine the usefullness of 
most by sudden divestment , don't wony. Less than our words. The companies dealing in South Africa may 
100,000 of South Africa's 21 million blacks are not condone Apartheid, but the conseqyences of their 
employed by investi~g .companies . The system .insures presence is a perpetuation of that terrible system. The 
that most blacks are IUuerate and thereby un-hlreable. money invested helps support four separate 
You also expressed some fear that the divestment institutional structures (a Black one, a Colored one, an 
would leave blacks out in the cold, without any Asian-Indian one, and a White one) where nonnally 
"resources to faU back on". Nothing from nothing there should be only one; investor's technology helps 
leaves norhing, does it not? South African Blacks are perfect that system. The result is that any company 
already conSigned to ghettos by law. It is unlikely that that deals in South Arfrica, no I113tter how small a 
it could get much worse. And as far as sudden percentage of their total business, is supporting 
divestment leading to "increased disparity between Apanheid. We do not support Apanheid and therefore 
blacks and whites· , I find it hard to believe the we do not want to support these companies. That is 
disparity can increase. There are already separate the point! 
restaurants, separate horels, separate jobs, separate You suggest that there are other solutions to fight 
taxis, separate markets, separate medical treatment, the Apartheid, Mr. Calgary, but I did not read any in your 
aforementioned hOUSing and more. How do you letter. Apanheid, "a morally reprehensible system", has 
propose an increase? been in existence much too long in South Africa. The 

Your letter demonstrates to us a genuine concern for time to end it is not twenty years from now, or even 
human life. No bloodshed, please, you cry (an ten years from now. The time to end Apanheid is now. 
imminent consequence of divestiture you feel). I regret We must take a stand against a terrible wrong. That is 
to inform you that blood has already been shed in why we must divest now! 
South Africa, and it will no doubt continue to flow so 
long as the majority of that nation is struggling for the 
freedom that our country considers a God ~iven right. 

The bloodshed you fear is a revolution. which leads 
us to perhaps the weakest point in your letter-reverse 
discrimination. Let's give the South African people a 
little more credit than that. They are not a stupid 
people. The African National Congress has been 
fighting for a democratic rule by all the people, not 
African rule without whites. Remember that our system 
is also founded on the belief of innocent until proven 
guilty. Let's keep it that way and not presume that the 
majority of South Africa is as immoral as the ruling 
minority. 

Finally, there is the question as to the extent of 
present U.c. investment. However, does that really 
matter? Whether it is 1 billion or 2.6 billion seems of 
little consequence (except, possibly, to South Africa). 
You completely miss the mark when you claim that it 
is a "misrepresentation" for the protesters to count as 

Doonesbury 

Joshua B. Weil 

Editor: 
In the best of aU possible worlds ... l. Srudent 

protest for divestiture would result in immediate 
divestiture by the University of CaUfornia. 2. U.s. 
corporations would be shocked into morality and shut 
down aU South African operations. 3. The South 
African government stripped of much of its financial 
suppOrt would be unable to sustain its defense against 
black freedom fighters . 4. The ensuing revolution 
would result in a democratic , popularly supponed 
government which would protect all civil rights and 
guide the country to sustained economic growth. 

If JIlodern African history teaches us anything, it 
indicates that step 3 will not result in step 4. The 
current South African regime must end , but before it 
does it would be nice to have a large , educated black 

/f?A¥(J.Y, r THINI< 
5tH ty nt:HN5TB?5 
~MAY~JII5TA 
lrrn& 81T JCAJ.aJS ty 
MY MA5~vt: CUlCIT5. 

/ 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

~/U;, WlIJU/, 
MflS. /lEAGAN cae-
£l<47FIJ 7!f; 5Tf?1)N6 
fXJUM IN HfI< C¥IA'J 
SPeCIAL WAY. 

/ HaUMU(j{ 
I5THAF 

/" 

NO, f.¥J8Of7'I 
lIK£S TO 
fC1lE£T .. 

f 



6 Monday, May 6, 1985 
w O'>IN(~ ';' 

~ :..: .. ,,~ .. 

A moral burden 
By JAMES ROSBERG 

A SIGN IN FRONT of proul (Biko) Hall at UC Berkeley reads "You Have Struck a Rock." That 
statement. which the Berkeley proresters 
have chosen to display so prominently, 
crystallizes the broader meaning of the 
disinvestment movement. Not only are 
demonstrators throughout the state and 
around the country demanding 
disinvestment; they are also asserting 
their ri~ht. thro~h collective action. to 
challenge the authority of unresponsible 
officials on issues of great moral 

si~ificance. 
Two issues are present here: students' 

discovery of their moral responsibility 
for the affairs of the University and 
their right to challenge authorities who 
are in no way formally responsible to 
them. Implicit in both claims is a 
redefinition of the students' role in the 
University. These protesters are 
asserting their right to be full members 
of the University community rather than 
passive receivers of information. 

Why should a student care about UC 
investments in South Africa? Even if we 
assume that disinvestment is an 
effective tactic for liberating South 
Africa. students shouldn't necessarily be 
concerned about the investment policies 
of the University. They do not make any 
of the investment decisions, so why 
should they worry about the 
consequences of these decisions? 

Intrinsic to the present movement is 
the Idea that students are responsible 
for the actions of the University not 
only in so far as they participate in 
administrative decision-making (which 
they don't), but because they are 
members of the institution. Such a 
position posits a radically different vie'>' 

UN GOD 
TGIF 

of the interconnectedness of the world . 
Instead of taking responsibility for the 
consequences of decisions one has 
personally made or has participated in 
making, one realizes that association 
with an institution makes one 
responsible for the actions of that 
institution . 

Let me be more speci fic . As students 
at the University of California, we 
perpetuate the existence of the 
University. Without our attendance. the 
University would cease to function as a 
University . Our role as perpetuators of 
the University makes us accomplices of 
the actions of the institution. Though 
we are denied formal participation in 
the administration (aside from a few 
well-controlled adviSOry positions), we 
playa role in the institution~s perpetuation 
and so are responsible for the effects its 
policies have on other human beings. 

A second assumption of the 
movement is that since we are 
accomplices. we should have a role in 
decision making. And since the 
administration of the University is 
undemocratic , we must act collectively 
to demand participation. The UC 
Regents have a very tenuous claim to 
being representative of the people. They 
are appoi nted by elected officals but n'bl 
regularly. Their unrepresentative ness is 
illustrated by the fact that there are still 
some holdovers from Reagan's term as 
govemor of California. 

Since these officials are in no way 
responsible to public opinion, students 
have taken it upon themselves to 
challenge their legitimacy and provide 
for a more democratic resolution of the 
disinvestment issue. To this end , UC 
Berkeley students have closed the doors 
of Biko Hall , students around the state 

FRIDAY MAY 10TH~O 
4 PM ON THE HUMP 
A.S. PROGRAMMING 

FEATURING 
Chris Smith & 

The Hammersmith Band 
Preston Smith & 
The Crocodiles 

WITH VERY SPECIAL GUEST: 

Phil Collins 
JUST KIDDING BUT PLEASE-

COME ANYW AYI 

have occupied buildings and students at 
UCSD are planning a boycott of classes 
for tomorrow. 

All these actions seek to disrupt the 
normal functioning of the University in 
an almost benign and highly symbolic 
manner. They serve to challenge the 
Regents' legitimacy as representatives of 
the people's will by capturing the 
direction of a small part of the 
University's affairs and so undermine 
their authOrity. Also, these actions send 
the message to the Regents that their 
authority will not be respected until they 
change their unpopular policies. 

A charge against any grassroots 
movement is that it represents "a special 
interest" or is "unrepresentative." This 
movement represents the students' 
position on the issue of disinvestment. 
Seventy percent of UCSD students who 
voted in the last AS election approved 
disinvestment. Furthermore, the 
movement at UC5D has transformed 
itself into an organization that is 
capable of represeJlting the students' 
views on this issue. Almost all decisions, 
:md certainly the most imponant ones, 
are reached by consensus. All members 
of the community may participate in the 
decision making. The CFAFSA is nO[ 
only challenging the Regents' policy, it is 
building an alternative democratic 
institution to represent the students 
views on the issue of divestiture. 

Collective action is essential to 
successfully challenge un responsible 
bureaucrats. Until now, the divestiture 
movement has had enormous success. 
Regents have made public commitments 
for disinvestment and Willie Brown. 
speaker of the assembly, has made 
disinvestment a priority issue in the 
review of UCs budget. Outside the UC, 
the issue of investment in South Africa 
has received enormous media anention 
and other public institutions, such as 
the city of San Francisco. have 
announced plans to disinvest. Given the 
recentness of these developments, it can 

be said that the collective efforts of 
students in California and around the 
country have played a major role in the 
success of the movement for 
disinvestment. 

Unelected administrators seek to 
deny us the prerogative of influencing 
decisions, the consequences of which 
we are ultimately associated with . Join 
with other students to demand 
disinvestment and assert your right to 
participate in decisions of which you 
will carry the moral burden. 

elTSn~frtt~lT~n<etttt<efi~ll 
~n~ttit~fi~n~~fr~fi~n~tttt 
~ttit~lT~n<eilit~fi~nce:ttti:®rr 
< CONTINUED F1IOM PAGE5( 
middle class or else' we 
may run a significant risk of replacing 
superpower-supported white oppression 
with a more intractable superpower-
supported black oppression. 

One important factor that is being 
neglected is that we UC students are 
merely customers of the university. (We 
share ownership with 25 million other 
California residents.) But we are also . 
customers of hundreds of O[her 
institutions implicated in the support of 
the unjust South African government. 
We should not neltlect to make our 
views known to others simply because it 
is less easy to organize against them. 

The real concern should be the 
welfare of the people of South Africa. 
Students should continue to support the 
divestiture movement not for the sake of 
their own moral pUrity or even out of a 
conviction that divestiture will improve 
matters in South Africa. Divestiture is 
merely an efficient rallymg cry whereby 
we may mobilize public attention on a 
wrong that must somehow be righted. 

David Bishai MS II 

-

Ballad of a Soldier ' 
89 minutes, 1960, B/W, Subtitled 

One of the most honored and popular foreign films 
of the 1960's. Underneath the deceptively simple 
story of a young soldier on leave are profound 
insights on the horror and absurdity of war. 

Thursday, May 9 
TLH 104 
7:00 PM 

FREE 

Crime and Punishment 
220 minutes, 1970, B/W, Cinemascope 

The story of Raskolnikov, a poor student who 
constructs a personal philosophy which places him 
above conventional morality and man-made law, is 
simple in its narrative but complex in its 
psychology, as the delerious student is driven to 
murder a local pawnbroker. 

Thursday, May 16 
TLH 104 
7:00 PM 

FREE 

Monday. May 6, 198.5 7 
NE~ 

v"" . ' ~.' ....x- '" ~ '" :.0:- " ,~ • • . ' ~ "v". ~.:, ) • • ;" ". ~. :l: , • .,. '.' ...... ' -'- ,.' • -K- ~'" 

Sunday'S Open House drew 
thousands of students. family and 
community members to view the 
displays set up to highlight the diversity 
of UCSD. 

UCSD Open House '85 
Among the features of Open HOLlse 

were booths where people could ask 
faculty and VIP's about different 
educational programs and majors, club 
booths where students could fi nd out 
about extracurricular activlties, and food 
stands which sold everything from 
baked potatoes to snow cones. 

Entertainment included opera singers, 
a jazz band , a rock ban9, folk singer 
Sam Hinton . a group of jazz dancers, 
bongo drummers, jugglers and a 
mariachi band. 

Also among the day's activities were 
sporting demonstrations, a 10K race and 
the finals of the College Bow\. 

There was an added anraction to 
Sunday's Open House festivities when 
several faculty members and South 
Africans spoke to crowds of parents and 
students on UC investments in South 
Africa. 

More than 80 listeners sat on the 
lawn in front of the Humanities Libraty 
listening to discussions of the current 
situation in South Africa and the extent 
of US involvement. The teach-in . 
dubbed "Crisis in South Africa ," lasted 
from 1-5 pm and featured two films, 
which were shown in the Humanities 
Library Auditorium. dealing with the 
apartheid government in South Africa. 

One of the guest speakers was 
Presbyterian Minister Gordon Mitchell 
from the Eastern Cape, who explained 
the current turmoil in his homeland. 

"I have serious doubts about avoiding 
a blood bath," he said of the increasing 
racial tensions. "These are my friends 
that are. destroymg each other. these are 
my people . I don't want to see the clash 
happen." 

Mitchell added that he could not 
speak on the issue of UC divestment 
because if he did he would be 
imprisoned. 

Fully portable computer, 2 
disk drtves, Monitor, 16 
Function Keys, Printer & 2 
serial parts, WordStar, 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

$1550 FREE SORWAREI 
KayPro, Osborne, etc, 

compatible. 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties, 
SLEEPV ~LL()VV 

695-9220 

n~Lt /1-1JJ(/ ~ ::>"'D' ~"r. "",,0<," 
~. ~~t INClUO~5: , Contact len5e5. examination. patient ~ 41'::1 L: . traini~g. follow up. \:£.,.:J;;1 chemical care kit . tudent I.D. and fitting. ~/lth 5 ~T~NO~O W~AR :I "'l~ If"stS onlY $265.00 

THe CLASSICAL eve 
ROB~RT H~LL~R, 0.0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion \kI11ey Center 
295-0537 

lOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0.0. 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

XEROX 
:u HR. 7 DAY 

4) 
perc:opy 

for YOIume jobs 

• COUATING 
• PAIIIONG 
• PlClCUP/ OElIVERY 

(wlll'l minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6th Ave., SD . 
231-1676 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 
\ ~ 1 U~VO"l1ltfm ! ! Jfl &!JOli. 

uCS(l .... 1Ul 
(JoJ',O< "''' \ 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

IL._ .. ~!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~!!!! ~ ~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ 
ALL AMERICAN MEAL 

Quarr.-r Puunder ' with Chee~, Large Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink Cos. vw< 1120 of I conL II 

. II 
II LII1lI1 "n~ ,,,upon pn II (U,I.,mcr. per "1511 PIc.IS<: 

prescnI coup" n whc'n II ordenng Not v..Ihd wuh ·\OY II . mher oller. 
II 

~ Goodthru ~ June 6, [985 iii __ iii.iii. 
.. "".,'" Just $1.99 11 

(p lus tax ) II 
Only at: II 

7140 Miramar Rd. II 
5;onDi • .., ~ 

iiiii iiiiiii iii •••• iii iii iiii 



Third and Final Phase 
THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA 

Ul .I0/Jll Sl'll I>rl'('ze." (l ne/ Europt'1l11 lit'ino 
cml'SS [lOll or Ill(' Pill( 'S 01 1.(1 Jollcl. Pools. SP(IS. 
smlllns {/lui rclCqlWll>ll/J court ('lllt'rruin !lOll. 
Ellc/Hlilrill() "(/Ii(/n flore/('IIS. sndplures. 
/t>UllI(/iI1S niul C() url~/nrds r('/lIx you Europe(1II 
collint ' 111-1 lind o lller (/I'cor(llor /('(11 ures u '<'lnmw 

~/() 1I 10 ~/our Oll(, or IW() I ){'c/roOlll/lO/llt'. \ ' is; l our 
S(/I('s ('(,/llt'r l()d( '~J. 

~ 

VA . FilA. 
Conven llonal 

Financing Available 

"HAPPY DAN PERETIIEtt 
Exclusive Graduate Sales Program Director 

-Call 26U909 tor an appolntment-

ud to attttOU~ 
as(~ . 

for UflCEnung_ .. ra... 
fJlege 

PRE-APPROVED CREDIT FROM 
FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY PLUS A 

5400 PURCHASE ALLOWANCE FROM FORD 
Who Qualifies? 
The three conditions you must meet to qualify for 
credit are: 
• You must have verifiable employment that begins 

within 120 days of your vehicle purchase at a salary 
sufficient to cover ordinary living expenses and your 
vehicle payment. 

• You must have proof that you have graduated or will 
graduate and be awarded at least a bachelor's 
degree within 120 days. 

• Yom credit record, if you have one, must indicate 
payment made as agreed. 

Vehicles Included in the Plan. 
You may choose a new 1985 Marquis. Cougar, Topaz or 
lynx. 

A $400 Allowance. 
If you qualify you' ll receive a college graduate pur-
chase allowance of $400 when buying an eligible 
vehicle from a participating Dealer. This $400 allowance 
may be utilized as a down payment, or a reimburse-
ment check will be mailed directly to you from Ford. 

MERCURY 
LI NCOLN 

On National Ciay's "MILE OF CARS" - 1400 National City Blvd. 
Phone; (619) 474-"02' San Diego Excha"F 263-6909 

Luker talks 
on women 
By ANDREA HARMON 

Dr. Barbara Winters, fonner UCSD 
associate professor of philosophy, and 
Dr. Kristin Luker, UCSD associate 
professor of sociology, led a discussion 
entitled "Hard Cases: Equality for 
Women." The role of pregnancy and 
motherhood in relation to women's 
positions in the work force was the 
theme of the discussion. 

Luker stated that "there has been a 
revolution in gender roles. Until 1965, 
women's jobs were considered 
something to do until they gOl married , 
and if they had to, they worked after the 
children grew up. There has been a 
change in women's work roles. The 
fastest growing group in the work force 
is women with young children, which 
was traditionally the group least likely to 
work. With this change, the role of 
mothers has also been affected . Is it a 
core job or a hobby? Is it so imponam 
that everything else should be put on 
the back burner? It is not the single 
most imponam role for women, and 
'Wife' and 'Motherhood' are not the only 
jobs available for women. With this . 
change in work roles, the phIlosophIcal 
and legal dimensions of women's 
equality in the workplace have come 
into focus. If being mothers and WIves 
are considered the single most 
imponant roles for women, should 
courts compensate women for being 
mothers and wives?" 

Winters gave a histoty of the 
treatment of pregnancy in the 
workplace. "A statute cannot be 
considered dIscriminatory unless it can 
be found to have an intent to 
discriminate. California had a disability 
statute covering everything from broken 
bones to circumcision . It covered 
prostate cancer, but not pregnancy. It . 
was challenged in the Supreme Coun In 
1977 in the case Geduldig v. Aiello. The 
vote decision was that the statute did 
not violate any equality laws because it 
did not discriminate on the basis of sex. 
It did discriminate against ' preg~nt 
and non-pregnant persons: but the 
Coun felt it did nor discriminate on the 
basis of sex. It is discriminatory, 
however, because only women can be 
'pregnant persons : Men cannot get 
pregnant. If a statute has a . 
disproponionate discriminatory Impact 
on one sex then it is discriminatory 
even though it is a gender-neutral act." 

Congress, however, recendy passed 
the Pregnancy Discrimination Act 
which ovenumed the Geduldig v. Aiello 
decision because the Act stated that a 
person could not discriminate on the 
basis of pregnancy. 

Winters believes that "women have 
had to bear the cost of pregnancy and 
bearing children in tenns of differences 
in pay and losing a job once they get 
pregnant. Stewardesses have to stop 
working for safety and health reasons as 
soon as they discover they are pregnant 
or risk being fired . Women have been 
the primary childcarers. It is to SOCiety'S 
advantage and in the interest of the 
children for someone to stay at home. 
The problem is that if you give more 
benefits to women, they are less 
desirable as a hi~d group. 

"WhIch way should we go? Should 
women be compensated, by employers 
having to give them back their jobs after 
a pregnancy and leave of absence? This' 
special treatment view states that 
pregnancy is a characteristic of women 
only and giving them this benefit would 
remove the handicap or barrier holding 
them back, but people will not want to 
hire women . Ideologically this does 
separate men and women. It focuses on 
the differences between men and 
women. Should women be treated 
equally with men? Perhaps it would be 
better to improve existing poliCies and 
work toward a more humane treatment 
of both sexes in the workplace ," she 
said . EJ 

Monday, May 6, 1985 9 
NE~ 

• • ~~ '/ • ...::.:. ,,~.~ ", o',' ·~N .... ~".f. • • ' '>"".', .... ;t . ' ~~. r •• • so:: ' :-:'~ 

Revelle 
< CON11NUED PROM PAGE J < 
literary, historical and theological 
perspectives. Study of the Hellenic 
world; examination of works of poetry, 
drama, philosophy and history. This 
course offers intensive instruction in 
writing university-level expository prose. 
"Humanities II: Rome, Christianity and 
the Medieval World" (six unit): This 
course explores the foundations of 
civilization in Western Europe by 
examining the three discrete strands of 
Roman, Christian and Gennanic culture. 
Man, gods, and politics are the themes 
from the late classical world through the 
Middle Ages. This course offers 
intensive instruction in writing 
university-level prose . "Humanities III: 
Renaissance, Refonnation and Early 
Modem Europe" (four unit): The 
Renaissance and Reformation period 
recapitulates many of the classical and 
medieval concerns on the nature of the 
state and the state of nature. Three 
critical issues come to the fore at the 
beginning of the sixteenth century: 
rational political analysis foUows the 

French invasions of Italy, examination 
of man's place in the world follows the 
discovery of the new World, and 
religious refonn and renewal follow from 
church abuses and biblical humanism. 
Humanism offers a new critical method 
to evaluate the validity of texts and 
tradition while it encourages committed 
ethical conduct. "Humanities IV: 
Enlightenment, Romanticism, 
Revolution, Reaction" (four unit) : 
Triumphs of empirical science in the 
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries 
prepared the way for the 
Enlightenment's far-reaching revisions of 
traditional views about ethics, religion , 
and the prospects for human happiness. 
Revolutions in England (1688), America 
(1776), and France (1789) combined 
with the rise of classical liberalism and 
romantic ideas of human nature to 
challenge traditional fonos of social and 
political life. "Humanities V: The Crisis 
of European Culture" (four unit): This 
course emphaSizes the crisis of 
European Culture and the liberal 
tradition in the nineteenth and 
twentieth centuries. Readings emphasize 
the challenges from Marx, Nietzsche, 
and Freud and the political upheavals 
and conflicts since the First World War, 
panicularly the Russian Revolution and 
the fascist era. EJ 

Cash in your hand. 
Experience under 
your belt. 
Choose from more than 100 tempor.u-y 
jobs--office, fmancw, mark~ting, sales, light 
industrial, word processing. 
Work with the best companies in Califonilil. 
As much or as little as you want. You 'U get 
good money, on-the-job experienc~ and a 
real jump on the job market. All absolutely 
fREE! 
Check the White Pages for our ne:uest 
office. Then call us today and cash in on 
Thomas Tempor.u-y experience, 

Giving Business A Hand. 

26 Convenient California Location. 

A SPECIAl. PIIIIIIIAII fill ... alTES 
CAlIElP YIIIIfIlI A .. CIIIIYSI FR OR P1.~. 

With graduation here, you're probably ready for a for a fraction of the purchase cost, With afford" 
new car. Chrysler Corporation understands the ably low monthly payments. You have six months 
graduate's problems establishing a credit history from the receipt of your degree to take advantage 
and getting together enough cash to finance a of this exclusive program. 
new car purchase. Now you can afford a new car, Mail the coupon below and get full details 
thanks to Chrysler's special r - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -, of this special Gold Key 
Gold Key program for col- fill program for you, II 
lege graduates. lIlT the new college 

You can drive a new graduate. Act now.. . 
1985 Chrysler or Plymouth -. 

END MY MATERIAL TO THE ADORES BELOW. 

Name 

Address 

=CI~~ ____________ ~S~=le~ ________ ~Z~ip ____ ___ 

Collegr or Um""rsily 

Graduali""on""Da=.le-:-::::--:-:::---:-::7."-;:--:--:::-______ _ 
Mad 10' ChryM-rP'ymouth CllHt"e Gradual ... Pl"flt(I'IIIm 

2nl F Jl'fft'1"Wln Aw:nUCI 
Ill·UUlI MI lalH? L _________________ ~ 



10 Monday. May 6. 1985 

Dare we dream of more tomorrow? 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE. PcrspcCClvcs EUlCor 

RED TEARS PAl TED on his cheeks, he lies there, too tired to give more to the cause today. He 
sleeps. One tear touches the comer of 
hiS slight smile. A gentle breath blows a 
baby·like bubble from the pursed lips. 
Lip that ten days ago bellowed 
impassioned cries awakening students 
to the atrocities of South African 
apartheid now rest ~oftly , chapped from 
days under the sun and mghts of cold . 

Does he dream? Does he dare to 
dream? Saturday night, 120 fellow 
protestors on the Winnie andela 
Library balcony dared not to relax 
enough to sleep, fearing me campus 
authorities might change me mutual 
respect and cooperation policy 
established between the students and 
Administration and attempt to clear out 
the protestors before the general public 
arnved for Sunday'S Open House. 

The Open House chairman arrived 
around midnight to check things out, 
quell fears and give encouragement. He 
would return after a successful Open 
House and praise the protestors for 
their informauve and positive actions 
during the day But that night, the 
students could not forget the pre-dawn 
raids by the Berkeley campus police. It 
was a mght to test the tolerance and 
commitment of all. 

What does he dream? The rally 
almost twO weeks ago seemed almost an 
Impossible dream. Did 1,200 UCSD 
students rall), on such short notice? Did 
500 march to the lIbrary1 Did 150 begin 
the nIghtly sit-ins? Did another 500 
march to the Chancellor's OffIce to 
demand divestment of UC funds from 
South Afrlca1 Did nightly teach-ins draw 
gatherings of 200? Did the faculty jOin 
the movement and conduct their own 
teach-In during Open House? Did 
graduate tudents give support to the 
undergraduates 1 Did busmesses. 
government agencies and federal COUrt 
Judges begin to support divestment? Did 
UCSD become the Southern Region's 
center for the UC system's computer 
and satellue lInk. Did Nightlme mention 
UCSD in a network news presentation 
on the strike, noting our non-arrest 
posture? And d id UCSD send a 
representative to the northern UC 
campuses and successfully solicit their 
support for a systemwide boycott of 
classes this Tuesday? The dreams of 
yesterday have become me hopes of 
tomorrow's reality. 

Dare he dream more? Already, entire 
departments have called for either a 
boycott of Tuesday's classes and 
alte rnative teach-ins to be held on lawns 
throughout campus. Graduate students 
are dedicating their discussion sections 
to South African issues. Many midterms 
are rescheduled for the following 
Thursday, and most importantly, the 
noon rally on me Revelle Plaza will be 
better organized and will present 
speakers who will expand our 
knowledge of the apanheid issue. 

A few remaining guests from the 
Open House cautiously walk up the 
ramp to catch a glimpse of one of the 
protestors they have see n on the 
evening news. Earlier In the day, few 
visitors ventured ofT me main paths to 
visit the sit-in site. Some said they felt 
awkward speaking to students who were 
so much more informed on apanheid . 
Others said they didn't want to spend 
the time to learn when there were so 
many fun activities occurring at other 

locations throughout the campus. The 
faculty sensed this timidness of people 
to take me first step, so they moved 
their teach-in from the Humanities 
Library Auditorium onto the Revelle 
Plaza lawn . And the protestors are also 
becoming more concerned about a 
barrier that only exists because many 
think it is tOO late to begin. Tuesday's 
noontime rally will be a second 
beginning for many. As much as a rally, 
it will also be a celebration for what has 
been accomplished. 

He stirs in his slumber, legs rustling 
the sleeping bag and one arm stretched 

above his head like an Olympic torch 
runner. Does he dream of yesterday's 
glory? He recognized it would be easy to 
become a figurehead of the movement, 
but to develop a layering, a hierarchy of 
command, would alienate many from 
givmg their limited time to the 
movement. So he insists on passing the 
torch to Others and stepping back from 
the hmelight. 

Turning face down on his blanket 
amplifies his facelessness and 
exhaustion. One of his rellows 
compared the last ten days to spending 
ten all-nighters writing term papers on 

apanheid , South African history, UC 
invesunents and how to avoid arrest. 
While looking over students zipped 
tightly against the night wind at 3 in the 
morning, another student visualized the 
sleeping bags as South African bodybags 
laid out in rows, filled with protestors 
shOt because they attempted a similar 
peaceful sit-in. 

Rolling over, he reaches skyward, 
clutches at some invisible object, opens 
his eyes , blinks to focus, and asks a 
student who is here ror her first night if 
he has overslept the general planning 
meeting ror Tuesday's boycott. rz:J 

hair 
by reglstElfad. prolesSJOnOI electrologists 

WoMENaMEN ~ 
Gentl. Treatmenl 
Air ~_"Izlng 
• Medical Approved 
• California llcenMd 
• Tax Dec*Jetlbl. 
AlEE CONSULTATION 
doyHlvenlngs.Saturdav~ 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ElECTROLYSIS CLINICS 

LA JOlLA 

1 ~12421 
1910 VIlla La Jolla Drill. 
La Jolla Vlt1ave ,,'" elf 

IALIOAPMK 

1589-9050 I 
a&_A ... 

"h A .. Meclical c;tr. 

'25 OFF 
ON /OSrrNs GoWCoLlLG£ RINes. 

Asial1AtoOO1~eeL 
Ylag 6-9,1985 

.All fwHt, '" FIlEE f 
~.: 

(sa lUES) 

GUARDIAN ELEC liONS 
APPUCA TIONS ARE NOW BEING ACCEPTED 

for the position of 
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF OF THE UCSD GUARDIAN. 
Applicants must be enrolled at UCSD, and 
previous journalism experience is essential. 
Experience in graphics, twesetting, paste-up, 
copy editing and stress management is also 
useful. 

The editor is responsible for the overall content, format 
and production of the paper and supervises all student 
personnel. The editor also conducts all meetings and 
represents the f1e\NSpaper on campus and in the community. 

THE DEADUNE FOR APPUCA T/ONS IS 
MONDAY, MAY IJ, 1985 AT I PM. 

The applications should list relevant experience, plus goals 
and proposed changes for the Guardian, and may be either 
formal or informal. 

APPtICA nONS are also being accepted for a" other 
editorial positions: managing editor, news editor, 
associate nevvs editor, opinions editor, copy editor, 
sports editor, arts editor, associate arts editor, 
perspectives editor and photo editor. 

~ applicants will be screened by the ~itor-in-chief, whose 
recommendations are subject to executive Board approval, The 
deadline for applications Is PrIdIIy, MIIy 17, and must be 
available for interviews before Tuesday, May 21, when all 
poSitions will be filled. 

For more information, 
contact Phil Lauder at 452-6580. 

See your 
Josten representative. 

Wed, ThuTS 
May 8,9 

10 am-3 pm 
University Bookstore 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

""' leARNiNG ~ CENTeR 

MAKE KINKO'S 
YOUR BINDING CONTACT 

Organize reports, presentations, manuscripts, manuals 
and more. Add the professional touch with special 
bindings at Klnko·s. 

• VELO .SPIRAL 

457-3775 
kinko·s~ 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Near Ralphs II Sov-On) 

Be the Best You Can Be 

STVLE BV ANTHONY WALKER 

This coupon entities bearer to 
$3.50 off any service. 

Off8f expires July 1. 1985 

7580 Fay AvenI Ie. Suite A La Jolla. CA 92037 
MASTER CHARGE-VISA (619) 456-2044 HAIR & NAILS 



12 Monday, May 6, 1985 

HOW TO GET INVOLVED IN ASUCSD 

Executive Appointments 
Commissioner of Operations/ 
Services and Enterprises 
A full voting member of the AS Council. Responsibilities include 
oversight of the budget and daily operations of all AS 
services! operations and enterprises including ASIO, KSDT, Lecture 
Notes, Soft Reserves and Assoned Vinyl. 

Financial ControUer 
Coordinator of a half-million dollar budget for student services, 
administrative expense , student organizations and special 
programs. Responsible for investments and internal accounting 
procedures, Advise the AS president on all financial matters. A PAID 
position. 

Student Advocate 
Resonsibilities include: (a) Representing relevant student concerns 
to the AS Council and conversely represent the Council to the 
s tudent body. (b) Represent student grievances to the faculty, staff 
and administration. 

Elections Manager 
Will supervise and organize , as well as publicize all ASUCSD 
elections including special referendums, organize an Elections 
Committee and be paid for all this exciting work. 

Presidential Media Board Appointee 
Represent the president of the ASUCSD on the ASUCSD Media 
Board. The media board manages the budgets of all ASUCSD 
alternative media including The Koala, California Review, new 
indicator, La Voz Frontereza, People's Voice , Sapho Speaks and Birdcage 
Review. 

External Affairs 
Lobby Annex Director 
Assistant Lobby Annex Director Positions: 
State Affairs , Federal Affairs and Municipal Affairs. 

CoUective Bargaining Representative 
Monitor issues, actions, law and communications pertaining [0 
collective bargaining in the UC system. All appointees lobby for 
council in Sacramento and travel frequently. 

Academic Affairs Committee 
Academic Senate Executive Policy 
Academic Affairs Faculty 
Student Interaction 

Activity Fee Board 
Two campus reps to evaluate funding request 
from student organizations. 
AS Registration Fee Committee Appointment 

Public Relations Committee 
Press Offices 
Executive Council, AS Council, AS Bulletin, Sun God Festival, 
SOURCE, Festival on the Green. 

Programming Committee 
Films, dances, concerts, TGIFs or any other UCSD 
event. First meeting is Thursday, May 9 at 3 pm in the 
multipurpose room at the student center. 

SOURCE 
The follOwing positions are now open for SOURCE. If you 

like challenges and want experience in the business field, 
please contact Cathy Chow in the AS office at 452-4450. 
Administrative Assisumt Coordinator - responsible, energetic 
person who enjoys challenges and trouble shooting, will 
oversee all organizational and administrative functions, must 
be self motivated. 
Assistant Coordinator in charge of Human Resources 
Developmmt - must be people-Oriented, possessing 
leadership and managerial skills, will be responsible for 
students and community recruitment. 
Public RdtltioJU - must possess strong verbal and 
communication skills, will be responsible for all advenising and 
promotional material, experience is strongly recommended. 
Public In/ormation Assistant - must posses good writing and 
organizational skills, responsible for all orientational and 
informational material. 

. Community Recruiting COJUultant - business oriented 
individual, capacity in areas of verbal communication and 
managerial relations, responsible for student volunteer 
positions and supervising community recruiter. 
Student Organitation Liaison - energetic, self-motivated 
individual, familiar with student organization leaders, 
responsible for initiating and maintaining relations with 
student organizations. 

Campus Wide 
Committee Appointments 
Admission Committee 
Advisory Committee on Counseling and Psychological Services 
AdviSOry Committee on Classrooms and Teaching Laboratories 
Advisory Committee on Instructional Improvement Programs 
Advisory Committee on the International Center 
Advisory Committee for OASIS 
Advisory Committee on Student Financial Services 
Advisory Committee on Student Health Services Alumni &: Friends 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 
Campus/Community Planning Committee 
Campus Computer Policy Committee 
Chancellor's Committee on Campus Growth 
Committee on Education Policy 
Daycare Center Advisory Committee 
Education Abroad Committee 
Energry Conservation Committee 
Enrollment Projection Review Committee 
Housing and Food Services Advisory Committee 
Instructional Media Program Advisory Committee 
Library Committee 
Mandeville Center Advisory Committee 
Parking Advisory Committee 
Physical Education &: Recreation Building Advisory Committee 
Planning and Budget Committee 
Program Review Committee 
Subject A and Writing Committee 
Summer Session Advisory Committee 
and many more to choose from . 

Infonnation Available in AS Offices or call x4450 

The Bird Has Landed! 

Sun God Festival '85 
This Friday, May 10 

10 am to 7 pm 
Carnival games, food, entertainment, TGIF 

and much more! 
Don't Miss It! 

Proceeds to benefit CARE for famine relief in Africa. 

It's Asian Awareness Week 
Come to any or an of our events. Monday at TLH 107: 6 pm-

speakers on Asian Awareness. 7 pm - Movie "Chan is Missing." 
Tuesday at Revelle Plaza: 12 pm - come visit our information 
booth. Wednesday: 6 pm - speakers from the National Council 
for Redress and Reparation. 7 pm - Movie "Unfinished 
Business." Thursday at Revelle Cafeteria: 8 pm - Asian Culture 
Night presentation, featuring the Samahan Dance Troupe, Main 
Force jazz band, Maria Clara fashion show and many other 
performers. See you all there! Presented by UEO and APSA. 

IEEE/SWE poduck 
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and 

Society of Women Engineers are having a potluck on 
Wednesday, May 8 from 6-8 pm in the International Center. The 
speaker will be Neal Benram on MagnetiC Recording Research at 
UCSD. Everyone is welcome. You don't need to be a member, 
please bring an entre. 

Israel Action Committee Meeting 
A representative from AI PAC, the American Israel Public 

Affairs Committee, will be speaking at our next meeting on 
Wednesday, May 8 at 6 pm in HL 1148. For more info call Micah 
at 587-0942. 

The UCSD Spring Classic 
The surf club invites you to attend our Spring Surfing Classic 

on May 11. The competition will feature college teams from up 
and down the coast in a fllll day of highly competitive surfing. 
Come down to Black's Beach and cheer the UCSD team to 
victory. 

The Rugby Club Presents 

The Big Chill 
Thursday, May 9 at 8 and 10 pm 

PH 110 Tickets $2 at the box office. 

HIPD meeting this week 
Health Issues and Professions Organization (HIPO) will be hold 
a meeting for the election of new officers for 1985-86. We shan 
also have a guest speaker Dr. Bennet who is a Gastroenterologist. 
Tuesday, May 7 from 6-8 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge. 

The International Club presents 
Want to go abroad but don't know how to finance your stay? 

There will be a panel discussion on Wednesday, May8 from 3 to 
4:30 pm in the International Center Lounge. Come learn about 
funding avaiable to support a wide range of international 
activities at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 

Monday, May 6, 1985 13 

Do you have YOUR date yet? 
Hurry! There are only 17 days left to find a date and some 

semi-formal attire before the 1985 UCSD Semi-Fonnal. Don't 
miss THE soci~l event of the year!!! Featuring music from Private 
Domain and 91X's T. Brian Schoch, the Semi-Formal will be held 
at the Champagne Ballroom of the Sheraton Harbor Island on 
Friday, May 24, 1985 from 9 pm to 1 am. Tickets are on sale today 
at the box office ($lO/person). Don't be a couch potato! This 
event is sure to sell out, so get your tickets TODAY. 

Wanted: ASID Directors 
Five paid directors positions at ASIO will be available for the 

coming academic year: Executive, San Diego, National, Public 
Relations and Development. A great opportunity to get 
experience, make contacts, have fun and improve your business 
skills. All interested students should come to the meeting on 
Wednesday, May 8 from 4-5:30 in the Nonh Conference Room 
of the student center. For more info, check the job board at 
student employment or call or stop by ASIO. 452-4689. 

"In the Name 
of the People" 

also 'Wibless to War" and 
"Honduras: America's New Policeman" 

Friday, May 10 in TLH 107 
FREE 7 pm FREE 

Button, button whose got the button? 
Students: are you ready for the PLEA button booth ath the Sun 

God Festival? If you would like a favorite photo mounted on a 
button, be sure to bring it this Friday, May 10 to the BYOB booth 
at the Sun God Festival. 

Central America Week at UCSD 
Monday, May 6 at 1 pm at the Che Cafe - U.5. Policy in 

Nicaragua: the Road to War. 8 pm in Peterson Hall - Central 
AMerica: the Politics of Non Development. Tuesday, noon on the 
hump - The Crisis in EI Salvador. 2 pm at Che Cafe -
Democratic Experiments in Central America. 8 pm in PH 108 -
Central America in the News. Videotape: John Hoagland. 
Videotape: It's a Dictatorship. Eat! Wednesday, 8 pm at Che Cafe 
- Reading. 8 pm in PH 108 - Debate. Thursday, noon on 
Revelle Plaza - Central American Student Tour. 8 pm at Che 
Cafe - Reception and Dance. Friday, 7:30 pm in TLH 107 -
Political Film Series. 

Attention SCUBA divers 
The last meeting of spring quarter for the UCSD SCUBA Club 

will be held this Wednesday, May 8 at 8 pm in the Recreation 
Gym Conference Room. We have two terrific speakers this 
month. First will be Christopher Patton from the Department of 
Fish and Game and our second speaker will be a navy seal. We 
wm also have club elections and the ever so famous raffle. So scan 
thinking who you want to vote for. Non-club members are more 
than welcome to attend. 



.. , 

14 Monday. May 6. 1985 

The tennis experience 

A slice of seniority 

By MATI ADAMS. StaffWntrr 
"W E HAVE BEEN striving 

for this si nce September. 
I1J sure be glad when 

next week is over. and I'm confident we 
will come back national champions." 
said UCSD women's tennis coach Liz 
uPlante. Her squad left Saturday for 
Havarford , Pennsylvania, site of the 
National Championships. The Tritons 
are seeded number two in the 
tournament, behind Davidson 
University, a team UCSD beat by one 
point in laSt year's finals . The Tritons' 
openmg-round match is against Trenton 
State University of New Jersey. 
Tournament play begins today. u ter in 
the week tournament action will feature 
competition for nanonal Individual 
tides. 

The Tritons are represented in the 
individual competition with three 
entrees in singles and two in doubles. 
Jessica Vernon , Glenna Moses and 
Nadine Akimoto will all vie for the 
national singles title . Both the Tritons 
#1 (Aklmoto and Vernon) and #2 
(Moses and Lisa Gilbert) doubles tearns 
are challenges for the doubles tide. 

Experience has been the key to the 
success of the 1985 Triton squad. Three 
seniors have led the veteran team to an 
18-6 record , including a perfect 7-0 
record against Division 1II opponents. 
Seniors Nadine Akimoto , Lisa Gilbert 
and Jessica Vernon have combined for 
161 Triton victones over the past four 
seasons. The three hold most aU of the 
Triton women's tennis records, and aU 
were All-Americans in 1984. 

Nadine Akimoto holds several Triton 
records. Since commg to UCSD in 1982, 
Akimoto has had an impact on the 
program. During her first season she 
played in the #5 singles pOSition and 
contributed 17 victories. In her second 
year she set a school record for winning 
percentage at .944 (17-1). She has won 
more matches than any other Triton 
(69), has had the lon~est win streak in 

Nadine Akimoto, jessica Ve rnon and Lisa Gilbat (clockwise from above) hold most all of 
the Tnton women 's tennis records. 

Triton histol)' (19 matches), and has 
received All-American honors the past 
two years. 

These are impressive numbers for 
someone who started playing relatively 
late in life. She was Originally interested 
in soccer and is nm from a "tennis 
family." Akimmo commented , "I don 't 
really remember why, but I borrowed my 
brother'S racket and sta rted hitting balls 
against our garage door. It wasn't easy 
either. The driveway was slanted and 
the door had decorative panels on it. I 
had to chase balls all over. 

"I picked tennis up quickly. I had 
only been playing a year or so when I 
gut to high school. I played in the # 1 
and #2 pOSition my first year. I had an 
uneventful high school career, though, 
and was never a great juniors player 
either." 

Upon graduation , Akimoto had to 
make college plans: "I wanted to 
continue playing tennis. but I didn't 
think I was talented enough to play at a 
Division I school. I thought aboLit going 
OUt of state to Washington or Orgeon, 
but my parents wanted me to stay in 

San Diego, and I couldn't find anything 
wrong with that." 

Her first year at UCSD was one of 
great transition. As many a freshman 
has found , a large university can be 
difficult to adjust to. Living off campus 
(at home in Claire mont), Akimmo found 
herself nm having a lot of time to meet 
people and grow SOCially. "It really took 
me two years to become comfortable 
with UCSD. I would just go to classes, 
play tennis and go home. I didn't meet 
a lot of people that way. I did not think 
I would make the team my freshman 
year, either. There was so much talent 
out there , and I have never been a 
confidence type of player. I beat Lisa 
Jones to earn the #5 singles pOSition on 
the !tam, but I had to fight to stay on 
the team. That team was not really close. 
I did not have a spectacular year (17-5). 
but played vel)' well in Nationals ().Q). 
Playing ~II in Nationals gave me for the 
first time the confidence that was 
lacking in my game. 

"I came back my sophomore season 
with my newfound confidence and 
earned the #3 Spot in singles and WdS 

part of the #1 doubles team. Again, I 
did well in Nationals after going 17-} 
during the year. Teamed with Cathy 
Sturdivant, we got to the semifinals of 
the individual doubles competition at 
Nationals." That year Akimoto garnered 
AU-American honors for the first time, 
and the !tam finished fi fth in the 
nation. 

In her junior season, Akimoto 
remained at the #3 singles position and 
the # 1 doubles. In doubles, however, 
she was teamed with a new partner, 
Jessica Vemon. The two San Diego 
products have been teamed together 
ever since. Akimoto comments on the 
strength of their doubles then and now, 
'We were not half as good my junior 
year as we are now. Experience is such 
a key to doubles. We have grown 
together as a team and are a much 
stronger team this year." She received 
her second All-American recognition last 
season. 

This year, her final season in a Triton 
uniform , Akimoto gOt off to a slow start. 
A summer ankle injul)' was not 
immediately diagnosed correctly and led 
to a lingering recovery. "Most of this 
season I have had a tough time gening 
on trclck. The ankle was really slOwing 
me down. Fortunately, it came around 
in time for me to begin peaking for 
Nationals. The last couple of weeks it 
has felt like it was never injured." 
Doubles play with Vernon has been 
particularly rewarding this season. 
Coach laPlante comments, "They are so 
strong. They are playing the best tennis 
they ever have together. If they can keep 
their confidence up, I think they will do 
vel)' well at Nationals." 

Next week, when her last collegiate 
match has been played , the reality of a 
completed career will set in. "It will be a 
sad time. My career will most likely be 
ove r. I will miss the team, but I will get 
[0 see them around campus and Ill.,Play 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE ., ) 

Monday. May 6. 1985 13 
S ILTS <, 
~ _ '!-~ ~ r~ ~ 

, • ~... -:0:: ~. 

semitinals at Nationals. That earned me 
All-American honors. It was a very good 

Seniors slice 'em up 
ye¥his season Lisa is looking to repeat 
as an All-American. Her new doubles 
partner is sophomore Glenna Moses. "I 
think ~ are a bener team than last year 
when I played with Cathy. We are both 
originaDy singles players, so we know 
how important it is LO play percen~ge 
tennis. We won't miss the easy POints. 
Glenna and I have learned to be more 
aggressive. I think we will do well at 

the olT-season (winter), she would be 
satisfied with a "ding-dong" job for 
suppOrt. "I get bored being out of. . 
school, though. I enjoy the academiC lif~ 
and will probably return to grad school. 
She is seeking a degree in animal 
physiology. 

Vemon Started tennis basically 
because , "' was a chubby little fat kid 
and my mother wanted me to get some 
exercise. I was about ten years old at the 
time. , started with group lessons in the 
summer. I PUt down the racket in the 
fall when school started and did nO{ 
pick it up again until the follOwing 
summer. I became a pretty good little 
player by age 13. My biggest problem 
was mental. I used [0 get so upset and 
throw rackets and break them. My mom 
hated that. 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 14, 
next year. I may play in local 
tournaments next year .... I'll have to 
wait and 5(e. I have been playing seven 
years competitively, so getting away 
from it for a while might not be so bad." 

Akimoto has one more year of 
academic work left to complete her 
degree in animal physiology. After .that. 
she would like (0 pursue a profeSSIOn In 
the legal world. 

DDD 
When Lisa Gilbert was 13 she began 

to get involved in athletics. This seemed 
natural as her father had also been very 
involved in athletics, having won an 
Olympic gold medal in sw~mm~ng. Dad 
steared Lisa away from sWImming 
towards tennis. Gilbert gives her father 
credit for her interest in tennis: "He was 
my big inspiration to become involved 
in tennis. He didn't want me to spend 
all my time swimming laps like he had, 
so he got me involved in a SPOrt that 
was more fun and social." 

Gilbert grew up in both Texas and 
Southern California. She first atttnded 
high school at Saint Monica's. She ran 
hurdles and sprints on the track te~m 
there, and played tennis, although tn~ 
competition was not good. Her pursun 
of tennis competition led her to SWItch 
sc hools, and she enrolled at Santa 
Monica High School. The program there 
was vel)' competitive; the teams she 
played on consistently went to the ClF 
playoffs. . , . 

Her career did not gam recognmon at 
talent-laden Santa Monica HS. In Texas, 

" } ill/'/v' hllr/IIIII 1111/1"11111 IIr; Ilk. 
If'i 11/('liI';IV' : 

'XIIIHKI!/ 1I1';1" 's III!/ ("(/1 ' 1111/1111' : 

DRINKING AND DRIVING 
CANKU.AFR~ 

in between her junior and senior year, 
she was able to gain cont1dence by 
reaching the finals and semifinals of 
tournaments that she had not gotten 
past the first round of in Cal.ifomi~ . She 
commented, "A confident anltude IS so 
important in tennis. I returned to 
California with that confidence. An 
opponent can sense confidence or a 
lack of it. So much of tennis is mental , 
and if you have the right attitude it can 
make all the difference in the world. 

"In Texas people started to notice me 
and I got a numb~r of scholarship 
offers. I had to decide how important 
tennis was to me. Then I realized that a 
scholarship was not for me . If I was on 
a scholarship I would be forced t~ play 
and concentrate my time on tenms. I 
would not have the time to devote to 
academics. I wanted to be obligated to 
school, not tennis. 

Gilbert came to UCSD in the fall of 
1980. During her first season she played 
#3 singles and pos!td a 15-6 record. 
Her second year was very disappointing 
as she was sidelined with illness for the 
entire season. "It was a difficult year. I 
could not even come out to watch 
matches. When you have been playing 
for so long and suddenly you cannot 
play, it is vel)' disappointing. 

"I was inspired last summer to get 
back into shape and get back into 
tennis. I came back my junior year velY 
hungl)' to do well. I had my best se~son 
ever (posting a 19-9 record , most WinS 
in a season until this year when she 
had 20 victones). I played doubles with 
Cathy Sturdivant, and we reached the 

7553 GIRARD AV[ 
LA JOLLA, CA 92037 
16191454 3812 

Nation~ l~ " . , 
Gilbert likes the chances of thIS year s 

team to do what last year's couldn't: win 
the national championship. "Everyone 
on the team this year likes each other. 
In the past there was too much tension 
caused by having 100 many challenge 
matches. Cliques developed that were 
not good for the team. People were 
pulling for their buddies rather than the 
whole team. This year we do not have 
any of that. Everyone is pulling for the 
team. . , G'lbe A management scIence major, . I rt, 
upon graduation in June ,. would h~e to 
begin a career with a major finanCIal 
institution. "I have not been able to tum 
down a challenge, and I see the " 
financial world as another challenge. 

ODD 
Triton senior Jessica Vernon has one 

year of eligibility remaining. Her play 
this year has inspired her to take 
advantage of her remaining eligibility. 
She explains, "I am playing better than I 
have in a long time. That makes me 
want to come back for that final season. 
uSt year' Started slowly and got 
stronger. This season I started strong 
and have just gotten stronger. If' can 
do that again next year it will be worth 
playing." 

Af!tr her career at UCSD is 
comple!td, Vernon plans [0 go on the 
professional tennis circuit. "There are 
many smaller events that I feel I ·can 
compete in and make a little money." In 

Vernon was a freshman at UC Davis, 
but by the end of the year, she wanted 
10 come back to San Diego. "My parents 
wanted me to remain in the UC system. 
and my dad [physics professor Wayne 
Vernon I taught at UCSD. The tennis 
program was also attractive." 

She sal out her sophomore season to 
comply with NCAA regulations. ust year 
as a junior she resumed playmg and 
compiled a 14-10 record . ThIS season, 
playing mostly in the #1 Singles . 
position, her mark is 17-7 . Teamed Wlth 
Akimoto, she has recorded 27 doubles 
victories over the past twO seaso!,\s .. 

Vernon describes her game as srncdy 
serve and volley. "I'm not a baseline 
player, although my forehand ~nd lateral 
movement have improved. I thmk my 
movement up and back is the key to my 
game. My serve has improved over the 
course of this season also. 

"I like our chances in Nationals. I am 
looking forward to competing for tides 
in Singles and doubles, but more 
importantly the team title . If we play our 
game, limit our mental errors and keep 
our confidence up, I think we can come 
home champions." 1m 

Fa.m11.Y P1a.nn1ng: 
a choice, a responsibility 

CMlDft"Dt:tal • pat.at •• 1 • affordable 
..... JINCD."q .... , 
with results whlle you watt 

• Unplanned pregnancyl 
general or locaJ. a.nesthes1& 

• Birth oontrol 
• OyneoolostO&1 exams 
tme1 """iI] Pltuurblg 
--- Auocw.s Medica Group 

SIll DIetl 
MIl6 Alvarado Rd. C.-· ... 

WARREN COLLEGE BE HELD ON MONDAY. 
COMMENCEMENT MAY 13. INFORMATION 
SPEAKER AUDITIONS SHEETS AVAILABLE AT 

ARREN DEAN'S OFFICE. 
SIGN-UPS ACCEPTED UNTIL 
FRIDAY, MAY 10 
AT 4:00 P.M. 

FOOTNOTE 1: GRADUATING 
SENIO RS. WATCH YOUR 
MAIL FOR THE SENIOR 
LETTER. 



SeNices/Workshops 
MONOAY-rRlDAY 

'~IIOO pm - Deadlin~ ror app~ng for 
tall int~rstlps is just around the co~r: don't 
wait till the last minut~ to mak~ plans, Visit or 
call tlr mor~ info. Offid al d~adlin~ is May 
17tt1. W~'r~ Iocat~d aboll~ the gam~ room in 
the Student Center. Get a head start on fall 
quarterl 
MONDAY 
1 ZIOO-IIOO pm - Let Go of Stress and 
Relalt-For all UCSD stu~ts. this group is 
designed to teach methods of relaxing and 
d~aling with stress INhIch can be us~ for a 

lifeti~. Techniques will include lY~athing 
~)(ercises . biofe~dback . progress iv~ 
relaxation. autogenic training. guided 
imagery. meditation. self-hypnosis, and time-
managetnerlt. ~ts ~ach week this quarter. 
Students may attend all sessions. or drop in to 
any one of them as convenient. Led t7j 
Maynard Brusman. ~ts at 1003 H-L 
zaOO pm - Attention Gumt7j group~. 
Gumby says. " Don't b~ loose and 
reprocllce. attend a session and leam a 
lesson ... The easy way." Unplann~ 
pregnancy can be an ~cational dilemma, 
so attend a birth control information session 
and leam more about pr~tive ~asures. 
t..pstairs at the Swdent Health Center. 
4.00-1.00 pm - Procrastination 
Workshop. Rrst meeting of a thr~Part 
INOrkshop on Procrastination. Led t7j Hugh 
Pates. In the Revelle Provost's Office. 
nlUDAY 
1 ZIOO pm - What Is a birth control 
information session 7 Essential~. It is an 
inrormal discussion of current birth control 
methods, their use and effectiveness, 

present~ ror students t7j students. It the 
date and ti~ presents a connict rjve us a 
call. we deliver. i.e ., group presentations ror 
dorms. sororities. fraternities. ~tc Second 
floor of the Swdent Health C~nter. 
W.DNDDAY 
1 ZIOO pm - Not so Trivial Pursuit asks, 

I "can a woman beco~ pregnant during 
menstruation!' If you answered no, go 

direct~ to next birth control inrormation 
session do not pass maternity watd. If you 
answer~ yes, applications are now oerng 
accept~ for positions as swdent health 
adVocates. Attend the sessIOn for mor~ 
intlrmation. 2nd noor of the Student Health 
Center. 

Z~I.30 pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders IRED I). This first-stage group is for 
students who are beginning to identify that 
they h~ CI1 eating disorder CI1d want to 
INOrk on it The central purpose w ill be to 
gradually eliminate addicative behaviors, and 

th~ relationships of feelings in this 
binge/purge cycl~ will be explor~. Led by 
Miriam Iosupovid. At Hl 1003. 
4100-5 •• pm - Campus 81ack Forum-A 
weekly, informal d iscussion group on the 
issues, concerns, and the quality of life of the 
Black community at UCSD. This is CI1 0n-
going group CI1d students can join at any 
time. Call leader Phil Rap~1 at 452-3035 if 
you have any questions; o therwise the can 
just co~ to the group. Meets in the 
Mountain View lounge in Third College. 
THURSDAY 
5100-6 •• pm - Gay/Bisexual Men and 
Women Undergraduate Students-if you 
need support and/or want to talk about 
sexuality concems, come to an informal rap 
group for Vo/Omen and men students led t7j 
Peer Counselors who have been t~re. For 
trIOre inrormation contaa the leaders at 4 52-
4297 or 452-3755, o r, drop in the first group. 
Led by Denise Norton and Kevin Ward. In 
1003 HL 
PRlDAY 
ZIOO-4IOO pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abu~ Group- For students who want help 
in dealing w ith an alcohol or drug use 
problem. Emphasis will be on understanding 
the cofTl)lexity of the problem, identifying 
options. making a commitment to change, 
and following through. Homework 
assiglments and group norms will be 

establis~ as part of the group's and 
individuals program. Before joining t~ group 

interest~ students should call Becca at 452-
3755 to make a short appointment with one 
of our counselors to see If t~ group will meet 
their needs. Led t7j Dan Munoz. In the Revelle 
Prowst's Offi~. 
...... pm - Peer-led Gay/8i~xual 
Men's Support Group-Peer cou~lors ~ad 
this \Neek~ drop-in support group. It is for 
male students who identify as being gay or 
bisexual. as \/\/ell as br those who are 
expIOrng their secuality. A great opportunity 
to talk with other students shilling similar 
ccncrms. New members can join at atrj time. 
StuderU who ~ questions about the 
group can call Carlos ~Ison or Demetrius 
Detacruz. peer counselors, at 452-4297; 
otMwise they can just aop in tlr the group. 
In 1003 HL 

..... aen 

Organizational 
W.DNDDAY 
1100 pm - The American IndiCl1 Student 
Council will have ill regular Wl!81y meeting 
in the SAAC Lounge. All American Indians ar~ 
encourag~ to attend. All interested parties 
are welcome, 
41C»5.30 pm - Co~ to the prospective 
ASIO dire<lors ' meeting if you're interes~ in 
applying for one of the five paid positions 
being offer~ ror the school year 1985-86. 
Rnd out what thes~ jobs ar~ all about on 
Wednesday, May 8th, in the North 
Conference Room of the Student Center, 
from 4-5:30. For more info, check the job 
board. 
6tOO pm - Israel Aaion Commin~ 
Meeting. Our guest will be a representative 
from A!PAC, the ~rican Israel PUblic 
Affairs Committ~. For more information call 
Micah at 587-0942. In HL 1148. 

Lectures 
MONDAY 
6100 pm - Asian Awareness Week 
opening ceremonies. Come and listen to 
students and faculty speak about Asian 
Awareness. In TlH 107. 

MDNDDAY 
6aOO ..... - Asiar'l Awareness Week 
continues. Tonight, a discussion about the 
relocation of .Japanese-~icans clJring 
Worid Wat II. Speakers from the National 
Council tlr Reaess and Reparation will be 
present In AP&M 2113. 

PRlDAY 
4110 pm - Poetry reading t7j Regents' 
l.ec:turer Brian Patten, fcmed British poet. 
Sponsor~ t7j the Department of Uterature. 
In the Revelle Formal lounge. 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
IIC»ZIOO pm - OASIS Brown Bag Series. 
Come meet CI1d hear Bob Moss speak on 
"Enthusiasm Building: A Step Toward Eternal 
Confidence." 
7100 pm - Asian Awareness Week-
Movie: "ChCl1 Is Missing." W¥1e Wang's 
fanciful mystery romp through San 
Francisco's Chinatown. In TlH 107. 
IlOO pm - Sound Shapes III festival-The 
Feswal begins Mo~ with "The Second 
Generation." UCSD Stu~nt Twentieth 
CenturY Music Ensemble plct,'S music of 
UCSD composers. Rands, Erickson. ForlIIIlle, 
North. R1!)'noIds and YlJasa. In Mandeville 
Auditorium. General Admission: 53.00; 
students, senior dtizens ..,d staff: 51 .00. 

lUUDAY 
IZ.OO ..... -Asiar'l Awareness Week-Visit 
our inbrmatlon and Origami tables at Revelle 
plaza and d1at about Asi.., Issues. 
I ZIOO pm - Sound Shapes III Festival-Day 
2 Is "High Noon COlnIt" ~rmer's 
choice. UCSO students perform. ~ 
Yoken. percussionist. p~ Xenalc:is. In the 
Redeal Hall. 
7100 .... - The Aoinc1i Karate Club otrers 
begiI_1«S classes from 7-8 pm. Comejorl us 
to Ie.n about ~\/\/e ~e the 
peacrlll noo-vioIent aspectS of the an. Wear 
sweats a tJo~ dcXhing. In the 'lM'estling 
It;)om. 

tlllm)NDDAY 
IZIOO ..... - Sound Shapes '85. The MJsic 
Crltis-Berl" crItk: Walter Bachauer and 
panel cisaJss ''The Role of the Music Critic in 
Europe and ArrIeria." For more "bnNtJon 
call 452-3229. At CME, 408 Warren 
cafllXJS· 
7100 .... - Asian Awareness Week-
Movie: "lk1fInished 8usinesS." PowerfUl 111m 
dealing with the repe-russions of American 
concentration amps in World War II . In 
AP&M 2113. 
aoo pm - Sound Shapes '85. The First 
Generation-SONOR pertJrms INOrks of 
UCSD corll>OSer's teachers Including Krenek. 
Sessions, Dallapiccola, Gerhard and 
Leibowitz. For more inbrmation, please call 
452-3229. In Mandeville Auditorium. 
General Admission: 54.00; students, senior 
citizens ..,d staff: 51.00. 

ntUlISDAY 
IZIOO ..... - Sound Shapes '85. High Noon 
Concert-CoOlJOSer's choice. Waks t7j 
UCSD composers. Free. For more 
intlrmation. call 452-3229. In the RedtaI 
Hall.· 
5 ..... pili - Ulnguage Tables: Co~ 
and praaiceyour French, Spanish or German 
over dinner. All interest~ students-
especially native speakers are most cordially 
invited. Dinner on meal card or cash basis. 
Native speakers can ~ ~aIs prcIIIided--
call 455-0157 tor info. In the South Dining 
Hall of the Revelle Cafeteria. 

IlOO ..... - Asian Awareness concludes 
with a climactic Culture Nlglt presentation. 
See the Samahan Dance Troupe, Main 
Force Jazz Band, Mania Clara Fashion 
Show and many other performers. Not 
to be miss~. In the Revelle Main 
cafeteria. 
aoo pm - Sound Shapes 'S5. A Jane 
Manning Evening. english soprano Jane 
Manning CI1d Australian pianist-composer 
Keith Humble perform Oliver Messiaen's 
Harawi. For more intlrmation. call 452-
3229. General Admission: 53.00; students. 
senior dtizens and stair: 51.00. 

PHIDAY 
IZIOO pm - Sound Shapes '85. Music 
Theatre-Co/TllOsItion and Performance. 
Lecture t7j !J.Iest co"l)OSer Kenneth Gaburo 
from the Ullverslty of Iowa. For trIOre 
intlrmation, call 452-3229. In CME. 408 
Warrel'1 ca"llUs. 
1110 pili - Peace Pieces at the Sun God 
Feswal. Bob \XII11ey and friends will perform 
music on !J.Iitar and synthesIZer. Bring .., 
instrument and participate. 
8100 .... - Sound Shapes 'S5. The Freeman 
Etudes-Janos ~gyey performs the US 
premiere at John Cage's CDfTl)lete Freeman 
Etudes. For more intlrmation, call 452-3229. 
In Mandeville Auditorium. General 
AdmIssion: 53.00; students, senior dtizens 
and staff: 51.00. 
SATURDAY 
1100 pm - Sound Shapes 'B5. An Evening 
at Music Theatre-Theatre pieces t7j cage, 
Gaburo, Cardew, Eisler and a premiere piece 
t7j Jean Chillies Francios. For more 
inrormation, call 452-3229. In the UI Jolla 
Museum of Contempora/Y Art. General 
Admission: 57.00; students, senior citizens, 
staff, MJseum Members and Friends at 
Music: 55.00. 

Monday, May 6, 1985 17 
~ ~ .. -' .. ~ • • ~ • ' •• ~ .. '. ,,0> .,.:r:- .. '~', -:' -" .... .. , . '.' '. ~ J' 

Religious 
MONDAY ..... MY 
Il00 .... -Catholic Mass. Sponscnd by the 
catholic CommunIty at ucSO. In the 
U'lIversIty Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
7d .... pili - AsIan American Christian 
~Iowship-Toni!1't. our ~est speaker Mr. 
Rich Hong wiN speak on AsIan Outreach. Is it 
necessary? Come and lind out Singing 
beginS at 7:15 pm. In the North Conference 
It;)om of the Student Center Building 8. 
nlUDAY 
7110 ..... - Tu~ Night DisoJSSion 
Group. Aim: "Crisis and Connict in the 
catholic Church in America." We will be 
watching this "Frontline" special this 
Tuesday nigtt tlilowed by Discussion. 

Sponsor~ by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. In the Cathotic Lounge of the 
Lkllversity lutheran Church. 
MDNDDAY 
... _ - Navigator, Inter-ViWSIty, 
Crusade, Eplscopal..,d Lutheran statrpeople 
at lJCSD meet tlr cornersation and prayer, In 
the Lounge of the University lutheran 
Crurch. 
1.00 pm - Christian Forum for 
lIIde1'gradu_ swdents led by Pastor Jotn 
Huber. In the Lounge of the Ullverslty 
Lutheran Church, across from Revelle 
College. 
1100 ..... - Supper A::lr gaduates and 
undergaduates, rollowed t7j a stu~ of 
John's Gospel at 7:00 pm, hos~ t7j the 
lutheran Community at UCSD. In the Lounge 
of the Ullversity luther.., Church. next to 
Revelle College. 
7100 ..... - We've decided to make It a 
habitl Inter-varslty Christian Fellowship is 
and always is going to ~ W~ 
night at 7 pm in the Chancellor's C~1ex 
lilA \XIe hope you make It i'I habit tool 
Everyone and their pet zetlra lnamed 
ZanOOrf) Is welcomeRl 
ItOO pM - ''\IIIhat .e Some Resources br 
Our Spiritual .Joumey7' is the Inquirers 
Seminar topic led t7j Pastor .John Huber of the 

luther.., campus ninistry. open to all. In the 
Lounge of the ~ lutheran Church. 
10100 pili - candelight Mass. Sponsored 
11I1he catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel of the U'llII'ersIty lutheran Church. 

1HU~Y 
.... pili - The Thursday Oimer. Good 
food and great co~. Sponsor~ 1'1 the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. $2.00 
donation. In the lkWersity lutheran Church. 
7dO pili - U'li~ Campus MInistIy 
sponsored Bible ~. Open disaJssIon ..,d 
I'l!freshments, AN iKe welcome. In the Sludent 
Center Bldg. B. South C~ence Room. 
SATWmAY 
Il00 .... -Catholic Mass. Sponso~ t7jthe 
catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
LklivMlty lutheran Church Chapel. 
SUMMY 
MO. ttll. & 11100 _ - Ep/scDpaI 
Church Worship ServIce: Suf1CWJ Eucharist 
and Parish fellowship. In the Good SamarItan 
Episcopal Church. 4321 e.gae Mall. 
Moss Genesee from east end of O1f11lUS, 
north of La Jolla Village Dr. Intersection of 
Genesee. 
... _ -Catholic Mass. Sponsor~ t7j the 
Catholic Communh,y at UCSO. In the Chapef 
of the University Luther.., Church. 
10100 ... - ArnJai music festival tlr 
Mother's Day and sermon ~ Pasta John 
11Jber. In the ~ of the UlIversity 
Lutheran Church. 
10lI0 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the catholic ComrrunIty at UCSO. ~ 
Level Conferencr Room of the Sludent 
Center Building B. 
........ -CathoNc Mass. Sponsored t7j the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
LklM!rS1,¥ lutheran Church. 
7100 pm - Lutheran worship service with 
Pastor Huber preaching on "How Can Our 
I..oIIe Be Both catious and Daring?" In the 
Chapel of the LklivMlty lutheran Church. 
..1. pili - Episcopal Crurch Worship 
Servkr: Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan 
episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

Academic Services 
MONDAY .... DAY 
...... 100 ..... - SIGI. System of Interactive 
Guldancr and Information ~ a cofl1lUter-

baS~ program of car~r information 
designed to help you clarify your values and 
occupational interests. For more information. 
CDme to Career Services Center. In HlI058. 
ItJO-4tOO .... - OASIS 'lM'lting Center 
offers free ~nA~ for all UCSO students who 
need pre-writing help. corJWences on drafts, 
and editing adVice. We engage any kind of 
writing. and any kind of writing problem. 

C~ences are by appointment on~. 
Evening appointments ate now also OJfailable 
in OASIS ThIrd Place at Third College. (For the 
full range of seMCes ~ back of Fall 
Schedule.) Call 452-2284 or co~ t7j USB 
4010 to make CI1 appointment This senA~ is 
avallat* throughout the quarter. Sponsor~ 
t7j the OASIS Writing Center. 
,.00-4.00 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline-A grammar hotline phone-in 
service for ~Ip with diction, grammar ..,d 
punctuation problems. To r~ach Grammar 
Moses call 452-2284 bet\I\Ieen the hours of 
9:00-4:00 Monday-Fr~. Sponsor~ t7j the 
OASIS Writing Center. Senlice OJfailatJje 
throughout the quarter. 

1~1OO pm - Drop-In Hours. For 
questions pertaining to career planning. job 
hunting. resum4! critiquing, ~tc . 
Appointments ~ also be scheQJled in the 
morning ~ calling Career ServIces Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate SchooI/Law/MBA AdVising. 
PIa'lning on a GraclJaIe. Law a MBA degr~ 
progrcm after UCSD? Hefp with admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career SefIIices 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
inbrmatlon. " the Student Center Bldg. A 

- Intel ested in the Health Ptofl!ssions 7 
AcMsing appoiliUllents OJfailable for career 
planning and pre-professional schOol 
preparation. Call career Services Center at 
452-4939 in advance Ibr .., appointment. 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 

1Z~1 Jt4I pm - Need more time to get 
everything done and still ~ a sodallife7 
Can you afford to spent 45 mnutes to gain 
control OoIer 168 hours 7 You can lind more 
time by attentding the TECH(nlquel TAUC on 
The Ti~ Finder in USB 4010. Presented t7j 
the OASIS Reading and Sw~ Skills Ctlhter. 
1110-1100 pili - Mock InteMew. Seeing 
and hearing yourseff on \/ideotape can help 
put the IInishing touches on intefViewing 
skills. Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills 
Workshop. Call career Senlices Center at 
452-3750 to make an appointment. In Hl 
1058. 
ZtOO ..... - Interviewing SkIlls ~orkshop. 
00 you ~ hefp in preparing A::lr job 
interviews? Career SeMces Center will 

pr~ tips on the best W¥ to present your 
quaHftcations and what kild of lntervINI 
questions to ecpea. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

~... pili - OASIS Brainstorming 
. Session for lIt/French 10. 25. 50 classes. 
Reading and writing assiglments in the 
iibOVe dasses will be dIsaJssed in order to 
help students generate ideas and COfIl)OSe 
.., appropriate response, " USB 4070. 
nlUDAY 
1100-• .00 pili - The l.ar9Jage Ptogam 
I..fvef I and II-lhis a.-.5IS program tlcuses 
on the ttW1Idng skills you ~ to successfully 
hartdle the reading and writing tasks 
assIgled In your courses. It is des~ ror 
those who want :0 perfect their English 
Iangu4Ige skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
MOO. LP Is presented t7j the OASIS IJhiting 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
Tioga Hall, 902. 
ZIJO-4IOO pm - Interest~ in MedIcine or 
DentistJy? Drop-ln acMsing in open sessions. 
In the career Services Center at the Student 
Center Building A. 
7100 ..... - Prlndples ..,d Paychecks: .Jobs 
in Politics-Insiders dI~ their careers in 
politics. How they got sfaned. what It takes, 
what it's Uke to make a c;,eer In politics, 

Sponsor~ by Career Services Center. In the 
Student Cent~r Suilding A, North 
Conference Room. 
MDNDDAY 

- Graduate SchooI/UilN/MSA. AdvisIng. 
Planning on a Graduate, Law a MSA. de!1~ 
progrcwn after UCSD7 Hefp with admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call career Services 
Center at 452-4939 ror more detailed 
intlrmatlon. In the Stu~t Center Bldg. A 
91»11100 ... -Interested in Medidneor 
Dentistry7 Drop-in adVising in open sessions. 
In the career Senlices Center at Student 
Center Bldg. A 
10100 ... - Your Skills-Your Career. This 
Career Services Workshop helps you identify 
and artiOJlate your skills and relat~ them to 
partiOJlar careers. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge . 
IZtOO-1Zt4I pm - If you're in a Ut class 
and the assignments and pap~rs don' t seem 
to coincide with the weeks 1\!'It in t~ quarter, 
attend the TECHlnique) Talk des lgn~ for 
speed reading-thinking. Called Fiaion Grids, 
It"s a method ror getting the mind to see 
connections, ifTl)lications, and themes and 
ror identifying the supporting details that 
make outstanding analyses. This talk is 

present~ by t~ OASIS Reading and Stucly 
Skills Center in USB 4010. 
1100 pm - Want to go alYoad but don't 
know how to finance your stay7 Co~ learn 
about funding ~ailable to support a wide 
range of international activities at the 
l.fIdergraduate CI1d graduate I~s. In the 
International Center lounge. 
1100 pili - The Marketable ResurTM! 
Workshop. Leam how to construct a state-
of-the-art resulTll! that 'Nill make you stand 
out from the crowd, in this new~ revis~ 
INOrkshop. Sponsor~ by Career Services 
Center. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
THURSDAY 

- Interest~ in the Health Ptotessions7 
AdvIsing appointments available ror career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. call Career SenAces Center at 
452-4939 in advance ror an appointment. 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
11 ~ZIOO pm - Career Fair '85-A wide 
ranQl! of career specialists from artists to 
accountants to attorneys wil CI1Swer your 
questions about their jobs. A great career 
planning opportunityl Sponsor~ t7j career 
Senlices Center. At the Student Center 
Hump. 
1110-1100 pm - Graduate School/Law/-
MBA ~ Planning on a Graduate, law 
a MBA degree program alter UCSD7 Hefp 
with admissions CI1d applicatiorl questions 
please drop in ~. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
ZtOO-JIOO pm - a.-.5IS Brainstorming 
Session for Ut/French 10, 25, 50 classes. 
Reading and writing assignments in the 
iibOVe classes will be dlsOJSSed in order to 
help students generate ideas CI1d co~ 
an appropriate response. In USB 4070. 
4100 .... 1 pm - What can you do with 45 
minutes? Answer: learn how to make your 
k!cture notes the key to leatning the course 
content and llguring out what the test 
questions 'Nill be. The system comes from 
Cornell Ullversity CI1d INOrks t7j tapping into 
}(JUr creativity. This TECHlniQue) TAUC 'Nill be 

present~ by the OASIS Reading and SWcly 
Skills Center at usa 4010. 
,.DAY 
9100-10100 _ - The OASIS GM 
IGrammar & Mechanicsl Workshop in 
designed for students who would like to 
work on clarifying basic grammatical 
concepts and categories. and app~ing them 
in an exteI'lSlve, systematic series of practical 
exerdses. An exercise manual to be 
purchased t7j the student will be u~. All -
IIK)rk 'Nill be co""let~ in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 4070. 
10lI0 _ - Finding the Hidden Job 
Market. 80% of all job vacan~ ar~ 
unaOlertised. This INOrkshop will teach you a 
way to lind out about them. Sponsored t7j 
career Services Center. In the Revefle Formal 
Lounge. 



18 MlHllkly, May 6, 1985 

EVERY BODY WANTS TO 
RULE THE ... GUARDIAN see eleclions inConnalion on page 11 

Today's pace is faster than ever before. 
And the future is bound to be even more 
demanding. 

So to help you get a better grip on all 
your banking needs, Home Federal has 
taken a giant step into the future, 

The Future Of 
Banking Convenience 
With a Home Federal Anytimecards~ you 'll 
see how fast and flexible banking can be. 
For instance, you can now use it in any STAR 
SYSTEM automated teller machine. 

~ That means you can n'Dq~ , withdraw your money 
..J11n ,. with the push of a 

~, Y S r r M button at over 1,000 
STAR SYSTEM ATMs throughout California. 

You can also use all Home Federal in-
lobby Personal Banking Machines and all 

AnytimeTeller machines to access up to 
ten Home Federal accounts. You can even 
use it to pay' for gas and groceries at 
selected ARCO AM/PM Mini Markets. 

And that's just the beginning. Soon 
you 'll use your Any timecard nationwide for 
even more services at more locations. 

To get an Any timecard is easy. And fast. 
Just walk in to any Home Federal office. 
Choose your own Personal Identification 
Code (PIC). And within minutes, you'll 
walk out with an Any timecard. 

And to introduce you to the future of 
banking convenience, Home Federal 
invites you to enter, . , 

The Ticket To The 
Future Sweepstakes 
Just visit any Home Federal office for a 
complete Sweepstakes package, the rules 
and regulations and an Any timecard, 

But hurry, the more entries you 
complete before the deadline of May 31, 
1985 the beller chance you have of 
winning one of these prizes: 

\ 
\ , 
~.J 

GRAND PRIZE (One) A 7-day vacation 
for two to visit the Kennedy Space Center, 
Walt Disney World and EPCOT Center 
PLUS an IBM Personal Computer System, 
FIRST PRIZE (One) A 26-day cruise for 
two through the Mediterranean, across 
the Atlantic to the Canary Islands and 
through the Caribbean to Miami.· 
SECOND PRIZES (200) A deluxe Pierre 
Cardin designer garment bag. 
THINGS OUR LAWYERS KNEW YOU'D WANT TO KNOW: 
Trips include airlare and accommodations. All participants 
must receive a copy 01 the Rules and Regulations, must 
be 18 years old (Of' older) and be a Cali lornia resident. 
No purchase required. 
'PrOYldtd by 'tltl Royal Cruise Une 

ASSETS $9 BILLION 0 OVER 150 OFFICES SERVING CALIFORNIA 0 HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION LJ MEMBER FSLlC 
CHECK THE YELLOW PAGES FOR THE OFFICE NEAREST YOU. 

~ 
\!1oI1n, IIioIa. prep for 32 or just for lJn.1r1ctIIjQaj or 
shared lessons. Helen MIr1Ir\ 457-0671. /6/61 
LAJOUAACAOEMYOF ADVEImSINGAIrn l-yr. 
course & job placement ~ In acMrtIsIng. 
desig1. copy. procU:tIon. sales. rrwtcedng or 
pub/Idty, flOw enrolling br .AIle 17. Free am/og 
459-0201. /6/6/ 
Sl.J'Il GOO FfSTlVAl~. May 10. Games. 
food. fun. enb!ltallment. TGIF 1~7pm. Don't 
rriss ItllRalndatr 5/171, /5/91 
FIft CXlI'ICMI .Jamie Qwens<oUlns d SparI'OlN 
Records Fridiry. May 10. 700 pm The Good 
Shepherd Church. 11200 Gold Coast Dr., Mira 
Mesa. Sponsored ~ caillary Chapel ot North 
~· I5I9/ 
Does 5tuCtfing In Australia entice you 7 Consider a 
year "Down lk1der" IMth u.c:s own fduc.acion 
Abroad Pr09'am. .4fJpIicatlon deadline: FrIdiy. 
May 17. Contaa ~ Int'l Center at x3730 br_ 

~115/9/ 
~ IeiIIe your t.Mlr1te pnoto In a dusty album 
IM1en you could be _Ing 1t7 Sringyour picture 
ID th! PlEA 1kJ1Id '!bur 0IMI11ut1Dn IIooIh /Il'1'081 
at th! Sun God FestMI this FrldIyIl 5/91 
WednesdIy th! fttb!enth at noon. the Plea 
organilatlon will auction olf one LS.I\ T Preperation 
CDUI'Se wontl three rundred and sewnty M 
doIIm. 15/9/ 
Oden ,F'ong of Marnha Records In ~ 
CIrIC8tI Sunday May 12th 9:15 iITI YIM:A in Padllc 
Beach. 2550 Gamet !'tie., calvary Chapel North 
Shores. 15/9/ 
Want ID go abroad but ~ COl amed moue 
cost? Come to a panel CIKlIsslon on lnandng 
stuct,o aIIIoad. Wed. May a H pm at ~ 
IrUrnItionaI Center. ID /elm moue funclng at 
undergrad .-ld ~ad 1eYeIs. /5/61 

DllllMiJIILI 
1Mndsurfer-at 2SO /11 wItt'I large sail and car 
rack, MIke o&r. Great ID /elm 0f1. 8ranc¥145So 
1710. /5/6/ 
AdcnbIe anitnli rubber ~: Cats. Idtb!ns. 
bumies. 0Nrs. pandas. 1Jer9J1ns. unIcDms, ecc.1 
CMr 320 desiglsl lie on noapU. IIf'I!11Ien 
erMIapes. c:hedcs. ere_ stMkIi !elY. Jlidcers eu:.1 
Great s;tt klNl Free cata/ogI Send SA.5.E./.39/ID: 
CrItter care Center. P,O.1IoK n, Solana IINct1. CA 
92075. 16/6/ 
WInt cheIp transportakIn thlt'l blow th! doon 
elf a f'brsct1e? .... dean 19110 HondI C111SOf 
with just a mess d ecns. S165O. 27So51311, KMI. 
Ews. /5/61 
Sofabed 4 SIIe. good CXlI'Id.. ecceIIent 1I'IIttreSs. S40 
abo. call BIn)' 450-91113 bIr 1IiITI.1ft &pm. ~ 
mssg./5I6/ 
1973 SaIb 99.000 miles, great COl dtlon 1500 
doIlirs. ~ SportIDurw/rac:k ISO dollars. Elan 
skis wfflrolla bindng5 100 <**n. 17San Alida 
456-1040. MoIM1g soon rrust setl Items so blo 
o/cayI/5I6/ 

Puch moped. good u~n. needs a "litW" 
IMlrk. Prla Is wry negotJable. Must setl. 45&-9853. 
/5/91 
For Sale: Oueen-slze bed /1I'IIttreSs. box spring. 
bmeI. Qtl kM'1 at 453-6210. Very good 
wncItIon. /5116/ 
Front roN center fix for ReggIe SunspIashf Also 
Tears I:Ir Fe., & all jaZZ showsI Cau KeIth 436-
11041. /5191 
~Ian ~ for salt. Custom des9'l 
5hiIper here for nect 10 dIys. 455-64 311 beSt after 9 
pm./5/61 
1971 ~ 142. Ie)' clean. aulOmllk. 452-0839. 
/5/9/ 
Sur1boa-d-C1ear 6-1t tri-IIn. ug-.t. dean shipe. 
XInt condo Yes. SlIIO. 45~5. /5/91 
FIsher 3 w.;. 30 ~ spNIcers. Cost SISO, sell for 
$45. call ~ at 457-0601./5/9/ 
Surfbcwd 7'2 NecQr PIn ~ S70 or beSt. 011 
_ 569-1593 ask for Tung. 15/6/ 

tdiiUlllllll 
fbrtallle COII'l)Ub!I'. NEC 11201. and Epson prirUr. 
Ideal for takJng class notes and writing papers. 
M~ pr09'aI'ns and a phone modem IDa. S6OO, 
call CanoIe at GuardIan at 452-65110. /5/2, 
WarlCed: Talented people to wrtt. or //Iustr_ for 
th! Guardian. Call 45i-6511O. 16/6, 
Wanted: SecrefaIy!law derIc. fledble hours. good 
typing sldlls. call 459-41111; 459-0032. /5/13/ 
EMN SIO/~. modrlillg til' ~. CIIl 
~ at 46s-11021 ~ I!\IeI'1Ing 7pm-10pm. /5/9/ 
Student warIted ID ~ an Infant two 
atb:t i iOOi is a week and some ewnIngs. CaU DetIbIe 
at 27So6555. 15/161 
SUMMER OMPKfYSTAFF---.tedtll'bHudful 
reskIent .JewIsti camps In Malltlu. COUnsetors. 
SOIIgIeaderS. ~ spedaIIst /WSI required,. 

~mers. andseot'tatles. lnterested7Coruct 
Stuart S/rmIons. Director or Karen Fox. RabtIi 

~ IIouIewrd TerI1IIe Camps. 213 3118-2401. 
/5/9/ 
Sul!jecls needed for ~ experi~ 1ft. 
handed M orF IIIofIo do not _c:oraa:s.-ldn-
I'I)tINI/ n-lng. ~. takes 4 tvs. and PI'JS S5,Ihr. 
Contact IIIrt1ara or Alan at 4SHI00 Ext 422-
Salk 1nsdtuIr./5/13/ 
Ol/d sitters needed for t::AJI' aged 4-V2 and 2-V2 
)'NI' old ~ FamIly In I.euCIIia will PIri 
trai Ispoi tatIon time for CDIIege students who r-
!heir own car. Please call Dr. HIrris 944-7701. 
/5/16/ 
SPORTS MlNDeD7 DJe to Sl!\lel'al promociOIlS, t::AJI' 
InternltioNl IMloIesaIe co~ needs 5 
traIriiibIe incIIAGJaIs to w:ri: Into ~ 
pa5iCIor'6. MIst 11M to traef. be enetgedc. 

~ andpeopleorlenlled. Earn S300-SI200per 
week depencII 'II on pasltIon. cal Mr. Scott at 452-
0221. /5/9/ 
SIx grade needs tutoring In sodaI sdenc:e. EnglIsh. 
Math. ""ne grade needs bJIDI'Ing In NgeIn. 
MII*num 2 hours a week. SIO. WI1te MK. 1455 
Santa MInI. Solana Bead192075 or II!! 75So2197, 
/5/91 
SUMMER Xl8S:~. reaptloi IIsto adr'I*', 
ust.. promotions & instructloNl positions 
avaIlatIIe at MIssIon Illy AquMlc Center. PriorIty 
eIigItII/ity til' lIIder 21 n:I seIf-supporUng. /IIfJfIty 
1001 Santa Clara Pt. or th! SIucIent ~ 
0fIIu. Dfadllne 5/16. Call til' Info 48&-1036./5191 

Take time this 
summer to 

change your life! 
Make the summer of '85 your best ever! In 

Just nine fascinating weeks you can be fullY 
prepared fOr a career In the world of travet: 

agency. airline. cruise. hotet. course InCludes 
your choice of airline computer training: sab,.. APO"~ or Pa~ 

Next a-bIIIIn lIlY 21 
a.. llzellmbcl. Nltltll 298-0890 
.-tv 

_iillill 
La.DU ~se needs summernouslng: SUbII!Is. 
rentals. 1'OOIIITIICeS. Agreements sIg1ed. can CMoI 
452-6760. 16/61 
Sublet needed .J\.ne to Sept.. stucIo/1 bdrm criy. 
bNd1 piefetred /LJ-lruc1756-2934 pm 756-3OIl5 
iITI Todd. 15/61 
IIoomrnIte \MInted: ~ room In ~ 
HJg1Iand condo. S15O/mo I:Ir May and June. call 
antyme 450-0328. /5/9/ 
'v1ew tIMlhse bike to UCSO 1400 sq. tt. gar. I'00I. 
Assume 9.7'Ib. Open Sun. 1-4 pm. Owner 582-
4904. 15/131 

~TER IIfDROOM: La .Jolla V1IIage ~. 
FumlshecHor two at S235/NCt1I& 1/4 utII.J1/2 mi. 
from school. TV. ~dIy. dIstl. pool. jao.Izzl. 
garage. rIceIy dealrated. MaIe/fIemaIe ~ 
smoIcers. cau ~ or Mike 45&-9803. 15/6/ 
3 UCSD females looking I:Ir 2 or 3 bedroom 
sumner houSIng. Starting date 6-14-85 endng 9-
14-85. PINse contact Fomessa 45So9713. /5/61 
1m In Uxuy condo bcated In Solana IIctl. Avail . 
6/16. ~, furnished. 2 jacuz. 2 pooG, 2 
tennis ens. on DNCh. sauna. S300/mo. SIOO 
deposit. 11m & last remales 0fY;. PINse call 4111-
3290. /5I~3/ 

Top Dr_ Secretarial reports. resumes. 
Manusa1lts. Student rates. Word processing. 
DIane 4111-4160. 16/6/' 
'M'ING,IWORO PIIOCfSSlNG: many type styleS 
ID c:ho05e from. spelling and punctuation errors 
(III recr.ed. pick-"" and dejillery. quality IMlrk. 
AASnll S1/PIQe ldouble spaced). call Interilaille 
Mlao Syst!ms at 452-9949. /6/6/ 
Racket Strir9ng and ~-Low prices. 24-fy. 
seMce. caH Ar6j at 45&-9269. 15/161 
TypIng: 111M/rush jobs/ecIting,Itast. pronlonal 
results. 453-0656 or 296-7333 SharI. 16161 
WORD f'IIOCESSING: Fast seMa!. SI.SO/page, I 
piCkup & deIIIIer. Ar6j Laurence 279-11056.16/6, 
LOOKING FOR A SUMMER JOB7 You'. need the 
• resume. Ilesurne seMc:l!--452-7471. /5/161 

~: 2<HY seMce unless I'm IDa busy. I can also 
proal ~ written PiiPer5. Revae 453-9067. 
15/6/ 
1'ROfnSI0NAl 'M'ING. IIobrd PrOCftSing & Tape 

T~. Reasonable rates. The Key Word. 
459-5818. 16/6/ 
TmNG ~: COf'I1)ie'te ~ seMce. 
QaIIty IMlI'Ic/1aSt seMce/.tbdIbIe1 411.HIIII9. 
/5/91 
DON'T LET VOI..JI friends lose your messages, 
I'I1IIate II and answer servIcr. SI2.SO mo. 226-5711. 
151131 
Super l)'PIng. 111M. spelling corrected. rea50NbIe 
.... rush job. 16}'!'S. exp .. near UCSD. catl Fety 
452-1393./5191 
111M WORD PROCESSING/EDITING . 
Fast/acoJ .... PIdc ""/~ UCSD. Call SIlty at 
453- 7511. /5/131 
IIurke Secretarlal-auali~ ~I Speillng 
c:orrea--fUhjobs speda/ty/15 yrs. elIPeI', La ~Ia 
457-3842 /6/61 
TYPING/IIIORO PROCESSING-For all )'OUr 
\)PIng needs call1IIItIara at 454-7624. IlJsI1jobs 
accepted. 15130, 

GMAT/LSAT TUTOR. PhD student; 4 )'NI's 
teiId1Ing experience; former Instrucror for rn¥lr 
US test prep center. ~. iNI}ItIc mechod. 
I'nRw 459-7602. M!S. /5/6/ 
Typing: 111M/RUSH JOIIS/EDITING/FAST. 
I'rcIIrssIonaI resuIts/453-0656 or 296-7333 SNrI. 
/6/6/ 
Star IIobrds Typing & IIobrd Processlng. 9SIIO 11/1(. 
Mtn. Rd, St-6. Student pIpI!IS. tIlesls. 511H041. 
15/16/ 

,"SInner Warl We'" beat any price or \Ne ctln't 
want your business. Tlckets. accidents, sports cars, 
good ~/student discounts: alllNl!lcome. call 
2116-1135. Request UCSD Plan, 15/16, 
Giris-Need an oil changr. room dearled or bade 
massaged7 Corne to TKE pledge SM auction 7:30 
lh.Jrs. May 9 HlI402. Brlngyourctl«kbook.15/9, 
JEDI LOVER: I 'MJU1d Ilo\Ietosl1arethe brcewith 
you Wed'lesday at lin the PUb. A KNIGHT. 15/61 
E_1tlo\41t ot skiing the Alps ot Australia in Ju~7 

~ not spend a year st1J<¥ng "Down Ulder" for 
19116// The U.C. Educaclon Abroad Progam 
deadline tlr "ustraIia Is Fr~. Miy 17. Contact tile 
int'I Center for more intl. or catl x3730. 15/91 
lharlk)'OU to whoM!r turned my purse In to MOM 
last Fril 'ItxJ ~ me iliot dproblems and it was a 
very nice thing to do. /5/61 
llring )'OUr fiM:lrite photo ID Build Your ONn 
IlJtton /BYOIII booth • the Sun God Festlval and 
'- it mounted on a buttcn. Sponsored ~ the 
Pr~Law Educ.acion Association IPLEA). 15/9) 
Heilltllssues & Prot. Organization Meeting. Tues, 
May 7. 6-8 pm. ~ Informal LOunge. Dr. 
Berlnett, ~ speaker & olflcer elections. /5/6) 

lOst: Keys on iI pig keyctlail'1. ~_ call Karln at 
454-13110. /5/6' 
Found: HP41Ca1c. It yours. call.Jim • 453-2997 . 
/5/6/ 
LDst: MInk giasses case last qtr. ~ catl 481-
6746. Ask til' Sharlrl. PIe_ call again wt1OI!IIeI' 
catled last qtr. I'm 1:Jumrneod. 15/61 
IDst In US112722 on Trurs. 4-19. Gr~ Nike nning 
shoes w/rraroon swoosh size 6. It found pIN5e 
retumto 1IH1421 or catl x2526 & ~mess. forUz 
or catl 270-3133 aftemoons, Reward If found. 
SentImental value. /5/61 
1Dst. a gold rope bracelet IMth 7 a~ diamonds. It's 
very spedal so I'd 11M to tIM! It back. Reward 
oIfered. Date lOst: End of Fall 0Jarter. Please catl 
Terri 569-6374. 1516/ 
LDst: Gold men's ring with Initials IrI it. Insaiption 
on biIek. Reward. caH 259-11607 or retum to 

~ police station. I'. realty be stoke It)'OU lind 
& reum "¥ ring. Do a good deed. be a good 
dtImll/5/9/ 
Found: woman's nice watch. Please call KatI1eryn 
at 45So7434 to IdentIfY. 15/131 
LDst: Gold rope InceIet artuld end tall-quarter 
IDK.I Ot extreme sentimental value to me. 
Negotiable reward. PIe_ call or ~ rnessagefor 
...atenne at 571-71133. 15/13, 
lOst: woman's gotd ring wlth4 fI.Ibies. \lefyspedal 
to mel It found ptease call Lori. 455-9803.15/131 

A'I"I ENTION GRADUATE STUDENTS 
Graduate Studies Commencement 

Date: 
Place: 
Time: 

will be held on: 

SUNDAY,JUNE 16, 1985 
MANDEVlIJ,E AUDITORIUM 
12 NOON 

Students who will have completed all 
requirements by Friday. June 14J and are 
eligible for participation should contact 
OGSR at X2770, Contact the bookstore 
for cap and gown rentals at X4J568-

, ., 




