


2 Monday, Feb. 25. 1985 
NEtJS 

. . , 

~---------~----------~ 

H. Neal Bertram, one of the world's 
foremost authorities on magnetic 
recording research, has been named to 
an endowed chair in the Center for 
Magnetic Recording Research. 

Bertram will have the title of professor In 
the Department of Electrical EngIneenng 
and Computer Sciences (EECS). 

HIS appointment filled the second of 
the four endowed chairs given to CMRR 
when it was created nearly rwo years ago. 

. "I welcome Dr. Bertram to UCSD," 
said Chancellor Richard C. Atkinson. 
"His appointment to fill this endowed 
chair IS anOther significant step toward 
establishing UCSD's Center for Magnetic 
Recording Research as a key research 
center for this Vital industry " 

Bertram, who earned his PhD in 
physics at Harvard in 1968. is an 
Internationally knovm expert in the field 
of magnetic recording research. 

His specific fields of mterests mclude: 
metallic thin film media, vertical media , 
novel particulate media , 
magnetoresistive heads, thin film heads, 
noise and head x-talk, and archival 
sLOrage. 

Magnetic recording is the prinCipal 
means of recording. 'storing and 
reprodUCing audio and visual material 
and digital data aSSOCiated With 
computers and scientific and 
engineering stud ies. 

Until the creation of the Center for 
Magnetic Recording Research. no major 
academic center devOted to magnetic 
recording existed outside Japan. CMRR 
was created With Joint funding from 
UCSD and several large corporations 
wtih interests in the magnenc recording 
field . 

The Board , meeting February 14-15 at 
UCLA. voted to maIntain fees at their 
present level-approximately $1 ,324 a 
year-if the Governor's budget is 
approved by the Legislature. The 
Governor has proposed spending $12 
million for state funding of student aid 
programs now supported by student 
fees . 

Nonresident students, who must pay 
tuition in addition to fees . would face a 
tuition increase for the fifth consecutive 
year. The increase would boost 
undergraduate. nonresident tuition and 
fees to approximately $5.140. compared 
to $4,888 in 1984-85. Graduate students 
would pay about 545 more. 

The Regents also appOinted a new 
student regent . Jan Eberl)', 22, a UC 
Davis junior majoring in agriculture 
economics, will sit as a non-voting 
member of the Board until July 1, when 
she begins her one-year term . She will 
replace Fred Gaines , a second-year 
student at the UC Berkeley Boall Hall 
School of Law. 

The Board also heard a reporr on the 
implications of proposed federal budget 
cuts which could result in a 25% cut in 
federally -based financial aid to students 
In 1986-87. Hardest hit wbuld be 
middle-in ome families who receive 
federally-backed education loans. 

The Regents unanimously voted to 
oppose incorporation of Isla Vista , 
which would include Santa Barbara 
campus land I>mhm ItS boundaries 

The Board took the following actions 
In closed session: 
• amed the third college built on thr 
San Diego campus Third College; the 
general library on the Riverside campus 
the Tomas Rivera Library; and [he 

. 1 1 
-

...J 
-

,.." 1-
- f- III I .. r" .. .,-
-f-

'" 
!;I'r"I fI ~"" ~ ~- .... .. - h I'j .,. If =~ l1li .1. ~ 1'1 ... III I", L.-

It 1'Il:0l 
I '1 " ,~ 
1 I 

Cover: Vegas went south for its annual one-night 
stand Saturday as Casino Night came to UCSD. The 
event was attended by hundreds and was an 
unequivocal success, especially to the lucky winner 
of a trip to Mazadan. See details and a pictorial look at 
the event in the "cover photo essay" on page 7, 
News: Dr. Herb York of IGCC discusses replacing our 
national MAD defense system; UC President Gardner is seen 
as one of the most influential persons in education; a 
proposal by UC Santa Cruz students for suicide pills in event 
of nuclear war receives suppon from the SBPC; and a plan is 
revealed to award more Cal Grant A awards. 
Opinions: An ed itorial on student aid, a viewpoint on sexual 
expression, and a "Class of 2011" on a young person's fi rst 
rite of passage. Plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Winning the All-Cal Fencing Championship 
changes a student's perspective on her dreams and reali ty. 
Sports: Men's basketball caps off its best season on a losing 
note, and lacrosse has a busy weekend. 
Plus ... The Weekly Calendar. 

COVER PHOTO BY ROB FRIEDENTHAL 

o student union buildmg on the Berkeley UCSD; Franklin D. Murphy Chair in San Bernardino from Mr. and Mrs. 
The UC regents have voted to keep stu- campus the Martin Luther King, Jr. Italian Renaissance Studies, UCLA: Class Thomas E. Plott for the benefit of the 

dent fees at their current level for another Student Union; of 1937 Chair. to rotate among School of Public Health , UCLA; 
year while increasing tuition for the • Established and named the following diSCiplines and departments at the • Approved residential use restriction 
system's approximately 12,500 nonresi- endowed c hairs. Hajime Mori Chair in discretion of the chancellor, UCB; for selected lots at LaJolla Fanns 
dent students ~y seven percent for '85-'86 . Japanese Language and Literature. • Accepted a gift of five acres of land in Subdivision, UCSD. _ Sean Wagstaff 

rsection-------------------------------------------------~ ~ 
e A SOURCE of funds for AS orgs 

The two-day community exchange and fundraising 
event, Students Organizing University Resources 
through Community Exchange (SOURCE), is less than a 
week away and will march into the history and , 
prospectively, tradition of UCSD on the volunteer work 
of 150 students. 

The project, which IS expected to raise funds for 
student activities and lead to community involvement 
with the University, has been in the planning stages 
since last summer, when AS Vice President Mary Rose 
Alexander and Ray Ramseyer of the Development Office 
created the idea and presented It to administrators and 
AS council members. 

Since then , the program has been refined and PUt Into 
action by SOURCE CoordinaLOr Marla Winitz and 
Assistant Coordinator Melanie Singer, both of whom 
were appointed to direct the project about four months 
ago. They have been supponed by several student 
subcommittees. Chancellor Richard Atkinson . Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson , 
reSident deans. the Development Office. Career 
Counse ling and Services. On-Campus Student 
Employment and a number of Other University offices, 
Wimtz said . 

BUSinesses and indiViduals have been contacted and 
asked to pledge a certai n numberofhours for which they 
need a student to work, and students have been asked to 
donate their time and energy to volunteer for either four 
or eight hou rs of work during the weekend of March I 
and 2. 

The students will be raising funds for activities and 
gaining an opporrunlty to work wnh and become 
acquainted With community members. 

"Everybody we've talked to has liked the idea of the 
proJect. They're really Interested in meeting university 
students, haVIng contact. and getting to know the 
stude nts They really like the Idea of community 
exchange ," satd Singer "The students, too , have come 
out with support for thiS program " 

So far, the SOURCE project has collected 
approXimately 100 Jobs from such companies as 

SDG&E, 1. Magnin . International Totalization Systems 
and other high-tech finns , as weU as from architects, law 
finns and about 20 households. 

'The jobs run the full gamut ," said Singer, "from 
cleaning individual houses ... to working with the 
commul1lty on philanthropiC projects." 

SDG&E offered jobs of the latter type by contracting 
students out to work with non-profit organizations, she 
said . They also hired students to help set up for a charity 
ball on March 1. 

Many companies who have contracted students for 
jobs within their firms have expressed interest in hiring 
the students on a more permanent basis , Singer added. 

"Another thing they want is to actually hire people pan 
time rather than over one day " .. What we're telling 
them is that they could possibly arrange that With the 
individual student," she said . 

According to Winitz, 80 to 90% of the Jobs were 
contracted by phone by one of the approXimately 35 
student volunteers who have been telephoning 
bUSinesses for five weeks. 

"We're finding OUt that the best approach is by cold 
calling ," Wil1ltz said . "One in 20 say yes. so that's a lot of 
calling; telemarketing is not easy." 

She also said that public service announcements and 
advertisements in the Pennysaver have drawn interest 
from community members. AbOUt 20 calls were received 
In one day in response to the Pennysaver ad, and 12 jobs 
were netted as a result. 

"One indiVidual called up and pledged eight jobs," she 
added . 

Panlclpatlng nnns and households are required to 
pledge a minimum of $35. although many have 
contrtbuted more than $50. Singer said. 

Campus-wide pubhc relations and general Interest 
meetings have II1nuenced more than 50 student 
organizations to become involved in the project Wil1ltz 
said that the various organizations Will be represented by 
anywhere between one member and aU their members. 
Groups hke the Ski Club . the Apartment Programming 
Board of Revelle , and many of the fr.ltemltie~ and 

sororities will be represented by most of their members. 
According to Winitz, students are still inte rested in 

participating. even though it is well past the application 
deadli ne. 

"A lot of students have come up this week, after the 
deadline, asking us if they could still participa te," she 
said. 

Students will be able to pick up their job assigr,ments 
this week in front of EDNA between 11 am and 2 pm. 
Information sheets will be presented to the volunteers 
explaining the type of clothing to be worn , whether or 
not to bring a lunch , directions and general infonnation 
about their temporary employer. 

W initz pOinted out that a project of this scope has 
never been tried before at UCSD and that there are many 
d ifferent approaches to take that can be tested in fu ture 
SOURCE events. 

Alexander agreed , "[t's hard to judge the q uality of a 
project the first time through . ... It's go ing to be an 
annual event. They (just) set the groundwork." 

Among the changes Winitz said the committee will 
examine are: gettmg most of the jobs before students 
sign up, extending the duration of the event, and having 
more time to organize it 

Companies were particularly interested in havmg 
SOURCE occur over a longer period of time . "They'd like 
to see the project as an on-going event," said Wmitz. 
"because a lot of people have said. 'How about coming on 
a different weekend? I need you Marc h 7, not March I.' 
What we want to do IS arrange it so we'll have more 
flexibility next year." 

Although it wasn't planned , Singer estimates that the 
project will ratse $9.000 for the students. It IS 
conceivable, she added, that It could generate even more 
than that. because Job contracts Will be accepted until 
Monday or Tuesday this week. 

This amount Will more than cover the $1,438.71 
which was given to SOURCE by the AS. Other money 
was donated to the project from budgets of the 
chancellor and the vice chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs . 

- lilys McCoy 

Dr. Herbert York explained the advantages oj "Star Wars" over MAD deJense. 
• 

York opposes MAD 
I 

By RENEE WENRICK COlllrlburmg News Editor 

DR. HERBERT YORK summarized his position on Star Wars by stressing a need for a new 
defense initiative to replace our present 
defense policy based on MAD (Mutual 
Assured Destruction). 

York, the University-wide director of 
the Insti tute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation, addressed the proposed 
"Star Wars: StrategiC Defense Initiative" 
Tuesday as a UCSD Disti nguished 
Faculty guest speaker. He is currently a 
political science professor at UCSD, and 
his achievements range from being 
founding director of the Lawrence 
Livermore Laboratories to the US 
Ambassador to the Geneva 
Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. He has 
also served twice as UCSD chancellor 
and once as acting provost of Revelle 
College. 

"There's a very powerful motivation 
for going ahead with Star Wars , and 
that motivation is the dissatisfaction 
with the present state of affairs where 
the peace and security are based on the 
threat of revenge-MAD or Mutual 
Assured Suicide," York said. 

"President Reagan doesn 't like it, J 
don't like it, the Bishops don 't like it," 
he added. "This IStar Wars] is one 
possible way out, but it 's the judgment 
of the technical people that it's not very 
promising." 

York quoted twO statements made by 
Reagan in 1983 addressing the Star 
Wars issue: 

"Wouldn't It be better not to live on 
the basis of secunty through retaliation 
but wouldn't it be better to intercept? (a 
statement made by Reagan in his Stm 
Wars speech on March 23)." One week 
later Reagan said at a news conference, 
"It is unthinkable ... (that both America 
and the Soviet Union are) sitting there 
with these horrible missiles aimed at 
each other and the only thing 
preventing a holocaust (exists) Just so 
long as no one pull s the trigger." 

"Reagan talks about 'horrible missiles.' 

not 'peace makers'; about a 'holocaust : 
not 'limited warfare,'" said York. 

York said that the administration may 
be pushing for Star Wars because it has 
less confidence in arms control 
negotiations than previous 
administrations; there's an abhorance of 
MAD even among top mtlitary officials. 
and technology is America's "strong 
suit." 

However, York said , some scientists 
doubt that we have the ability to achieve 
Star Wars , believing that Congress has 
little enthusiasm for the President's 
policy since it would require taking 
funds from other areas of the defense 
budget. 

The US and USSR are currently 
engaged in Star Wars research, but , said 
York, "I don't expect to get out of the 
research mode for quite some time ." 

York discussed the "strategic 
offensive" since, in his words, the 
purpose of the strategic defensive is "to 
block an offensive attack." According to 
York, the nuclear offensive arsenals of bath 
the US and the USSR consist of 25,000 
nuclear weapons, 10,000 of which are 
strategic weapons. These strategic 
weapons include: long-range missiles 
that can travel a quarter of the distance 
around the world; rockets launched 
from ships and submannes; and 
missiles, rockets and bombs dropped 
from aircraft 

The strategic defensive forces include 
air and civil defenses. ballistic miSSIles. 
satellites and anti-satellites. The Strategic 
Defense Initiative, Star Wars, would 
detect and destroy an offensive attack. 
Detection would occur through infrared 
detectors and airplane radars; 
destruction. by particle beams or laser 
weapons, x-rays lasers, anti-ballistic 
missi!rs and others. 

"There is ve'y little danger of 
accidental launch. The authoritIes are 
extremely fearful of nuclear war despite 
how they talk. They take great measures 
to prevent accidents," York said. ~ 

S01NDIN~I~ 
SEMINM 

A CHANCE TO GET TO KNOW 
YOURSELF AND SCANDINAVIA 

Spend an academic Y*Jr In DENMARK. FINLAND. NOftWAY. 
or SWEDEN. 

• live and study In a small, residential school among 
Scandinavians 

• become fluent In the language of the country you 
choo .. to Ilv. In 

• dlsco\W another way of life and gain new perspective 
on yourself 

executive Director Dr. Bill Hoffa will give a slide show 
presentation on Thursday, February 27 from 12:00-2:00 In the 
OpportunHI.s Abroad Office, at the International Center. For 
details contact that office, 

Monday. Feb. 25, 1985 3 

Gardner seen as 
111ajor force in education 

UC President David P. Gardner is 
one of the nation 's most influential 
leaders in higher education , according 
to a survey of his peers. 

Gardner's name was the third most 
often mentioned by 242 public college 
and university preSidents who 
responded to a questionnaire asking 
them to list the five most influential 
persons in higher education in the 
public sector. 

Two UC chancellors, Charles Young 
of UCLA and Jack Peltason of UC 
Irvine , also finished in the top 15, 
although their individual rankings were 
not released. 

The survey was conducted by the 
State University of New York in 
cooperation with the National 
Association of State Universtty and 

. Uind-Grant Colleges (NASULGC) and 
the American Association of State 
Colleges and Universities (AASCU). 

Gardner was preceded on the list of 
public sector leaders by Chancellor 
Clifton Wharton of the State UniverSity 
of New York, former chainnan of 
NASULGC, and Allan 'Ostar, president of 
AASCU. 

The person with the most overall 
influence on higher education is Ronald 
Reagan , the survey group concluded . UC 
PreSident Emeritus Clark Kerr (who 
served from 1958-1967) was fifth in that 
all-encompassing category. and Gardner 
was among the top 15. 

The survey also asked the preSIdents 
to rate the performance of public higher 
education and outline its problems. 

Among the respondenl~ . 65% felt 
public higher education is doing a "very 
good" to "e xcellent" job. 

Graduate education receIved a 63% 
"very good" to "excellent" rating, and 
undergraduate public education received 

a 55% favorable response. The lowest 
ratings went to public service (36%) and 
co ntinuing education (40%). 

The preSidents said their most 
pressing problem by far is funding, 
giving it a score of 64 out of a possible 
100. rhe second biggest concern is 
equipment replacement (22), followed 
by poorly prepared freshmen (20). 

Some 68% of the respondents found 
the Reagan Administration's support of 
higher education to be "disappOinting" 
to "poor," while 64% were critical of the 
level of student financial assistance. 

The highest negative rating, 74%, 
went to the level of federal support for 
the arts, humanities and social sciences. 

When asked what changes they 
would recommend In the 
Administration 'S educational program. 
84% of the presidents cited an increase 
in srudent aid . 

The survey was sent to 507 public 
college and university preSidents around 
the country last fall , of which the 242 
responded . 

UC President David P. Gardner. 

1l 
-<: 
,( 

~ 
-<: 
o 
---, 

Members of the ZBr fraternity spent ~ 
damage inflicted by their Halloween party in 1i ~~~--~----~~----~----------~ ~ 

I~ 
L 

'" -, {'(\ z 
c 



Monday, Feb. 25, 1985 

The assailment of the debtor class 
\Vilham J Bennett spent hiS first weeks as se"relil!) of eUuc.l[llln striving for an 800 

on an achievement te t m Outrageousness. B} now hiS descrlpllon of student hfe on 
borrowed money has been llnmortahzed The guaranteed-loan student of the [980s IS a 
ar-ownlng, terco-buYlng, heach-hopPlng youngblood \\ith books-a variation on the 

theme of the Cadillac-dnving welfare mom. 
According to Bennett, the pron lgate young won 't JOin the truly suffering If the 

proposed federal budget reducllons are enacted. If a celhng of 54,000 a year IS put on 
all federal student aid , some would merely trade dovm from pnvate colleges to pubhc. 
If the familY-income cutoff is lowered to $32,500, famihes would JUSt "tighten the belt. " 

Alas, nobody has yet deVIsed a competency test for members of the Cabmet. But It 
appears that cooler heads may yet prevail. A chorus of students, famihes and private 
colleges joined a refrain of complaints. And Congress seems to have heard them. 

What has been lost in all the higher-education hullabaloo was any serious criuque of 
what debt does to students. At the moment, about 60% of full-time undergraduate 
students at four-year Instltutions borrow money for tuition . The average amount that 
they borrow is about $2,200 a year. or $8,800 per degree. The average medical student 
IS nearly $40,000 in debt by graduation time. 

For the most part we have approved this deficit finanCing of education in the name 
of equal opportunity. Schools have been the centerpiece of the dream of equality. We 
pride ourselves on the nOtion that Americans who begin life on different economic 
footings can educate themselves up to the same slaning line. 

But, as the debt burden grows, the concept of education as the great American 
equalizer shrinks. Frank ewman, preSident of the Education Commission of the 
States, says that student loans are also "the great unequalizer." The student who leaves 
college with heavy debts-$IO,OOO or more-is hardly starting off on the same footing 
with the student who leaves free . Loans may Just push the inequity off four years. 

Anyone with a friend or child starti ng post-graduate life with a serious financial 
handicap is conscious of the cos!. Arthur LeVine, veteran researcher and Il1novative 
president of Bradford College, says bluntly: "The system has gOt to change. Debts are 
JUSt killing some young people." ot JUSt kilhng their bank accounts, but killing their 
idealism as well. Debts are calculated Il1to the deCision to go on to gradua te school, to 
take one job Instead of anOther, even to maIT)'. Loans have become known as "the 

Viewpoint 

negatl\·c dow!)'." 
Fmnk :--;ewman suspects that debt feed s Into Ihe anxious self-cenreredeness 01 

people In their 20s. Some have more motive ro payoff Ihe bank than to pa y back 
SOCiety He h.I>, for e xample, been asking medical student> .Ibout their obhg.mon to 
others: . What you get back IS real anger. 'This country didn't help me; I helped me: If 
you havc toO he,wy a set of loans, I really think that it adds to the whole me-firstisrn ." 

Alllhis may sound hke a good rationale for dumping the student-loan program But 
that's a bit hke bamng a patient from entering the hospital because the medical bills 
wou ld run toO high . 

We have become toO dependenr (HI loans-cenai nly too dependent to cut them off 
at the Reagan pass The system has to be changed to reduce the debt burden on 
tudents Instead of redUcing the number of students. . 

People like lewman look favo rably on two models for financi ng college: work and 
serviee opportunities . They want to expand the work side of the financia l equation . 
The Educa tio n Commission of the States has proposals for se rvice opportunities 
coming out in a couple of months that are based on the concept of the GI bill: "You 
serve your country and the COUntry helps you in return ." 

There are other plans around . In one , the govemrnent could grant students financial 
aid in return for a fixed percentage of their income for a certain amount of time. This 
might alter the incentive that students feel right now to abandon professions such as 
teaching in favor of more lucrative ones. 

Few of these alternatives are big federal money-save rs. But in the end the programs 
that may cost the government the most are those that use the tax system. One new 
book for middle-class families is titled SUCCinctly, "Nearly Free Tuition: Let the IRS Pay 
For Your Child's Education ." 

There is widesp read agreement among people in and out of the government that the 
financing of higher education is a mess. Bennett, however, managed to portray 
students as members of the leisure class. The problem is that they are members of a 
debtor class. 

-Ellen Goodman 
Copynght-1985, The Boston Globe Nel.vspaper-Washingto n Post Writers Group, Reprinted with 
Pcmllssum 

The freedom of sexual expression 
I would like to thank the Women's 

Center for showmg the film Not A Love 
Story and setting the grounds for a 
discussion on pornography. However, it 
IS Imponant to remembe r that the film 
is only one of the many feminist 
perspectives on pornography; it is not 
the final femi nist perspective. 

The issue of pornography has 
widened the split that occured in the 
late seventies berween the radical 
feminists who see women 's oppression 
as a result of men's class power, and 
cul tural feminists who attribute women's 
oppression to sex roles and society. 
Rather than focusing their criticism on 
male supremacy, cultural feminists 
envision the creation of an altemative 
female culture. In their polanzation of 
the sexes, cultural feminis ts view men's 
actions and attitudes as products of 
culture , whereas women's nUl1urance 
and morality are mnate . This logiC does 
not make sense. 

I did not come to this realization 
overnight. When I first saw Not A Love 
Story TWO years ago, I, too, became 

caught up in the ftlm 's propaganda . The 
nIm traces the hfe of a nude stripper, 
Linda Lee Tracey, who, when 
approached by women of the anti-porn 
movement, aids them In making their 
film . This results in her realizing the 
"evils" of pornography and the need to 
change her occupation. As she becomes 
aware of the impact of pornography, the 
film becomes increasi ngly violent. The 
final melodramatic scene reneCtS the 
nIm's perspective on pornography. Old 
footage of a woman bound , tied and 
hung by her feet flashes brieny on the 
screen . Then the footage of Linda Lee 
Tracey, on a beach in a white bikini , 
celebrating her escape from the 
striptease industry, concludes the film as 
credits role up . This juxtaposition of 
linda Lee Tracey's rebirth (baptism) on 
the beach and VIolent bondage 
emphaSizes the filmmakers complete 
rejection of any form of pornography. 
The film links images of women in 
advertislllg to live sex acts in the Red 
Light District and to violent sexual 
images. By conn~cting these images, the 

film very broadly defines pornography 
as being the act of violence against 
women, forge tting whether or not the re 
is actual violence in each and every 
pornographic image . 

During the film , [ was disgusted by 
the images of violence against women 
that were made for the male customer. I 
began to question how I had enjoyed 
certain sexual images of women and 
men- deemed pornography by the 
film-if all pornography is defined as 
"the systematiC degradation and 
objectification of women." 

The filmmakers base their theories on 
the works of cultural femin ists Robin 
Morgan, Susan Gritfin a nd Kathleen 
Bany (women who are seen in the film). 
These women glorify a type of sexuality 
[hat is romantic, non-genitally oriented, 
e rotic , female and thus "good." The 
pornography [ have enjoyed is not the 
images of violence depicted in the film. 
However, I do not want to limit myself 
to the type of sexuality presented by 
Griffin , Morgan and Bany. They fail to 
recognize that the desire for genital 

satls tac tion , in love or lust, is not a 
"bad ," sole creation by or for males, but 
human . But, ca ught up in the emotional 
response to the violent images, I 
supressed my sexual feelings and argued 
vehemently against all types of 
pomography. 

It wasn't until I discovered the works 
of other feminists such as Gayle Rubin, 
Dorothy Allison and Alice Echols that 
my suppressed feelings were validated. I 
discovered Morgan et. al. did not have 
the final feminist voice on pornography. 
There is much dissention on the matter. 
Not A Love Story does raise some valid 
issues , such as: What is pornography? 
What is erotica? How do images of 
violence against women affect our 
psyche? But the film 's perspective has 
vety limiting conclusions. 

The media conveniently picks up on 
the cultural feminist definition of 
pornography. Unwittingly or not, the 
media's ponrayal of "feminist views on 
pornography" undermines the feminist 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

Monday, Feb. 25, J 985 5 
~IN',*, 

. . 

LL~SS Of 2[]1.1. 
A fraternal reaction to androgyny 
By CHRIS A'CLONE 

[ was a lone clone before the brothers of Theological 
Knights of Elitism called me over to their table in the 
Revelle Plaza during RUSH (Rowdy Upper-Class Social 
Hierarchists) week. The TKEs explained to me the 
Genetic Onhodox Doctrine's hierarchy of the human 
species. Jesus Christ was a confinnation that the white 
male was created in God's image . Eve and her fruits 
represented the woman's role as temptress and servant 
to man, to be ribbed and ridiculed for not being born 
with God's sword hanging berween her legs. And all 
other beings were mere animals of the lower class. 

which must have resulted from their ritualistic junk 
food . But 1 was determined to prove my manliness that 
night. 

entirely into my newly discovered cave. The blood 
flowed . 

Ever since that night of my first menstrual rite-of-
passage, I live 23 days of every lunar month as a male, 
until my sword withdraws into my womanly self. 

Curious as to the purpose of my own sword, and 
wondering if [ could be accepted as a human male 

The sweatshirt-hooded brothers removed their 
slaughtered cow from the barbecue spit. They 
commanded me to stride the searing sunken fi re pit . 
The heat raising berween my legs would surely melt my 
sword if they delayed the ceremony. One TKE stepped 
forward with the sharpened letter opener, poised to 
sever my sword's sheath and tOSS it into the flames. He 
paused , and joined the mocking laughter. The heat of 
my legs rose to my face as [ stood embarassed , while 
they watched my sword withdraw in apparent fear. 

Oh, yes. After the TKEs recovered from their less 
than macho reaction to seeing a woman bleed, they 
black balled me from being a brother. They offered to 
make me a "little sister," reasoning my hairless body 
qualifies for their law requiring women to shave all but 
their heads. But I was not interested in wearing a wig 
to suit their pleasures. !WI 

Next ween 2011 tanes (J loon at the US-NicaragUiJn 
after years of living as an animal in the eucalyptus 
forest, I Signed up for the TKE initiation weekend in 
Desolation Valley. I explained away my hairless 
appearance to the TKEs' questioning eyes by claiming that 
the swim coach required me to shave my body to cut 
down on drag. 

The laughter silenced as the sword d isappeared War, which began in the year oj UCSD's 25th anniversary. 

Eager to please my newfound brothers, I entered the 
histographic chamber to witness other culture's 
intiation rite-of-passage ceremonies. The catalogue also 
included video tapes of old movies. Under rite-of-
passage , the movie "A Man Called Horse" seemed to fit 
my animal background. The scene of Horse hanging 
from his pecwr.i1 muscles confused me. Why did this 
man permit himself to be tortured? The librarian 
explained a rite -of-passage is a ceremony to confirm a 
man's social pubeny. Before the passage he 
experiences alienation from his culture (l easily 
identified with this phase). To gain acceptance and 
incorporation into the culture as a new person, he 
must perform a physical giving of himself to the 
society. Since only the lower classes were allowed to 
prove their manliness by brandishing their swords 
fighting in the 24-year-old US-Nicaraguan War, the 
upperclasses symbolically passed into social pubeny 
through ceremonies such as circumcision. When he 
described circumcision to me, [ thought the man called 
Horse must have chosen the less painful rite-of-
passage. Unfortunately, one of the TKEs saw me in .the 
shower and proclaimed my intiation would be my 
newfound physical fear, a circumcision with the TKE's 
letter opener. 

That Saturday, the TKEs dropped me off by the 
roadside, ten miles from Fallen Fig Leaf, the UC 
fraternity camp in Desolation Valley. They gave me a 
backpack filled with something they called 'Junk food" 
to fortify me during my long trek across the wilderness. 
Two hours into my uphill journey I stopped for lunch. 
As [ pulled off my t-shirt, I noticed a tenderness in my 
chest, and my hands were swollen. Though the day 
was hot , [ must have been retaining the water I was 
drinking from the occasional stream. Raising up to 
continue , my lower back also began to hurt. I figured 
this was just a physical reaction to my mental 
preparation for the blood ceremony awaiting me in the 
TKE camp. I reached the Twin Peak summit three 
hours later and looked down into the nightfallen valley 
below, where the campfire seemed to beckon me. The 
cheers and jeers I received upon my arrival at FaDen 
Fig Leaf did not alleviate my severe stomach cramps 

Doonesbury 

AIL YOU CAN' EAT 
fIJ\ SPAGHEnl1 .$~ 
&~_O 52.50 -066 ~ EVERY MONDAY - 3PM TIL CLOSE i 

(Get there early for best seating) 

minimum $10.00 order 

PAR1Y TIME/EXAM TIME/ANY TIME 

.---------------------------: UCSD SPECW, : 
: fREE PITCHER OF BEER : 
: WI1H lARGE PIZZA : 
: Offer not jIOOd with any other discount , : 
--.~~ --- Coupon good through 3/7/85 -------~ ~~ , 3945 Governor Dr .. Governor 8t t\~\~\ KITCHEN Genesee, Safeway Shopplna Center 
Ctucago Style ItalJan Eatery 5 Minutes to UCSD Campus 

HOME COODD POOD AT PAST POOD PRICES. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

I 00N'r Ktat/. I lJONT KIOI.I 
IIIHAT r FCEJ... . I'~ LOST 7HC 
CJXIW£ (F MY CCWVICTKJ6. [ 
HAI£ THIS 7CMJ8I.e 

IK£ 7D fI4NCJER l 
.. / 

C1i,MY 
GOf) . 

/ 

.I'Wl! .. lQM 
JUi!NEl) HIM 

INTO II PIMJ(J(AT! 
" 

Color ~ 
Blind? ~ D ~ ~ 

If you are color bl1nd we w1ll pay you $5.00 per 
hour to partidpate in perception experiments on 
the nature of color blindness. 
For more infonnation contact: Kathy Purl or 

Al Nagy at 452~762 between 1:00 and 5:00 pm, 
Monday thru Thursday, 

. Grand Openln Special 

ENJOY OUR HAPPY HOUR SUSHI BAR 
From 5-6 pm • All you con eat '9" • Complete &.Ish. Menu 

lunc:h 11 :30 om-2 30 pm Monday-Friday . DI"". 5;00 pm-1O:00 pm Mondoy-Sundoy 

~ Special good through MarCh 1985 Wrth this od please. HANA sust-P, '..,.nese Restaurant J.~ Independence Square Shopping Center (Next to Soup Exchange) 
,., 7315 Clairemoot Meso Blvd, 277-2858 



6 M<lIula\, Fer. 25, 19 5 

Pleasure and' pain ~®\t\t~lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®IT'~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf$)n®frl fr®lf~lettersn®fr\t®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf 
< CON11NUED FROM PAGE" ;: 
movement . Their argument that women 
are biologically different than men (and 
therefore must be culturally respected in 
such a manner) is the same argument 
the New Right uses in its pro-family, 
anti-sex stance that seeks to recreate the 
traditional patriarchal family and put 
women back in the home. It is another 
way to impress biological detennmism 
upon women where women must fulfill 
the role of society'S morahzing force 
because they are mothers and are closer 
to narure . These images are the same 
ones that the radIcal femmists of the 
sixties struggled hard to refute . 

While cultural feminists have focused 
on women's VICtimization , radical 
feminists have attempted to funher the 
discussion of women's sexual pleasure 
and liberation . Radical feminists are also 
fighting violence against women , but 
they do not see the use in polanzing 
definitions like "good" sex and "bad" 
sex, "good" women and "bad" women, 
erotica and pornography, as the solution 
to cummg violence. This stance can be 
found m Carole Vance's book Pleasure 
and Danger, an important book because 
it is the first publication of an 
alternative feminist viewpoint and is 
important reading for those who have 
come to assume all femmists are against 
pornography. In reaction to the theories 
presented in Pleasure and Pain , cultural 
feminists have accu ed radical feminists 
of being antl-femil1lst, bramwashed by 
patriarchal thmking and maintaining 
and propagatmg "pOIlU ally incorrect" 
sexual views. 

Cultural feminIsts have focused the 
attention away from the structure of 
male suprema y and OntO male 
behavior. Our attempt at protecting 
women from the anti -porn movement 
has increased our own sexual 
repression . Cultural femmlsts have 
focussed on a product of sexism rather 
than sexist ideology. While men have 
had accepted access to pornography, 
women have been fed romance in the 
fonn of Harlequin novels , Danielle teele 
and soap operas. The reality of the 

problem though, is that romance 
without sex portrays the same 
male/ female , active/ pas ive tereotype 
that are seen In much of today's 
pornography and serves to perpetuate 
the JI1mnsic elements of the dilemma. 

Just last year, rwo primetime oap 
operas ulminated the act of rape with 
marriage, which gives creedence to the 
fa t that sex and violence are not solely 
linked with the spectrum of pornography. 
The cultural feminist perspective 
that links all pornography with violence 
is overlooking a most important 
element: male / female relationships arc 
fonned In a male-supremacist SOCiety 
that dictates cultural trends . 

The issue confronting all women IS 
VIOlence. Removing the sexual images 
rhese women do nor like (pornography), 
and replaCing them with those they do 
(erotica), will not end rape or other 
fonns of violence against women . 
Violence against women is the result of 
the misogyny (woman-hating), which 
penneates our sexist society and that is 
renected in a great deal of pornography. 
It is Ihis that must end . All women 
deslTe to "take back the night ;" the}' do 
not always worry about walkmg alone , 
hvmg alone or who they Ope.D the door 
to . But to focus on our \~citimization at 
the expense of furthering sexual 
pleasure (i .e . by legislating against 
pomography), I now see as a mistake. 

Feminists must develop the political 
theory that links feminism with sexual 
libemtion , not with repression. 0 
sexuality should be tenned "politically 
correct" or ' politically incorrec t. " 
Sexl.k11ity cannot be typed as either good 
o r bad, but mu:;t be seen as a 
continuum composed of sensuality, 
erotica , pornography, love and lust. 
VIewed in this way, perhaps all 
feminisrs can work together to enhance 
female sexual expres ion and liberation 
111 a world where women are more 
frequently [aughl the dangers of [heIr 
sexuahty, rather than the JOYs. 

-Sue Rochrnan 
Alternative Visions 

Feminist Writers Collective 

Pigskin pitch 
Editor: 

In response to Randolph Garcia's 
"Commentaty," this studenr is in full 
agreement . Not o nly would a football 
team increase school unity, but it would 
also boost revenues (I am sure the 
administration could have no quarrel 
with this). 

I have heard through the grapevine 
that our chancellor has stated that he 
will not "pay" students (via athletic 
sc holarships). I don't know if this is 
true , but if it is, well, I have not heard 
anything more inane. I am tempted to 
utter a deSCription of a substance which 
emminates from the southern-most end 
of a non hem-bound bovine. To the best 
of my knowledge , we are classifed as 
NCAA Division III . As I understand it, a 
school under Division III standards is 
not allowed to give athletic scholarships. 
Problem solved . 

The next obstacle, I would assume, is 
equipping the team and hiring a 
coaching Starr. I don't think anybody is 
asking for Don Coryell or Chuck Knox . 
Nobody is begging for computerized , 
impact resistant padding and helmets 
either. It's not like they don't have any 
money at this school. What are we 
paying $450 plus for each quaner? 

Don't even think what you are 
thinking. Everybody knows we don 't 
have a stadium. Why should we have a 
stadium? A stadium would only be a 
grand luxuty for the baseball, soccer, 
rugby, lacrosse, and track teams, not to 
mention a football team. We would be 
much better ofT building a 96,000 square 
foot Student Cenrer. It builds "character" 
(111 other words, they are toO cheap to build 
it) . What makes anyone think that athletes 
deserve a stadium with locker rooms at 
hand. or seats for their fans? 

Maybe the administration needs to be 
reminded of the fact that they might 
find upwards of five thousand fans on 
certain fall Saturdays paying somewhere 
in the neighborhood of five bucks a 
crack. I won't even mention that most 
people enjo}' a cold drink (of sorts) and 
a hot dog while watching a football 

Looking For Some Excitement In Your Life? 

& 

USP 12 

USP 117 

USP 118 

USP 146 

USP 1.51 

USP 174 

Try An Urban Studies 
And Planning Course 

Open For EnroUment 
To AU Students, Spring 1985 

INTRODUCTION TO URBAN PlANNING: An introduction to the 
field of city planning with an emphaSiS on the design of cities, hOUSing, 
land use , transportation and other functional aspects of city 
organization. Slide shows and discussion of the San Diego-Tijuana 
region enhance lectures. Tues.-Thurs. 2:30-3:50 (Herzog) TLH 107. 
TECHNOLOGY AND CITIES: An introduction to the economic and 
technological problems associated with the provision of crucial urban 
services, including energy, water, transportation. MWF (Stern) 10:00-10:50. 
POVERlY IN URBAN AMERICA: Investigation, through lectures and 
discussion of the primary causes of poverty in urban America, the 
SOCIal , psychological and political consequen ces for society, and 
attempts to alleviate poveny during the past half century . WF 11 :30-
12:50 (Gay) TCHB 141. 
CASE STUDIES IN HEALTH CARE: Discussion and lectures on the 
incidence of diseases and health problems for selected urban 
population groups, and the political and legislative measures needed to 
provide care . Tues.-Thurs. 11 :30-12:50 (Brody) MCC 124. 
SOCIAL-PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF BLACK IDENTITY: An 
examination of Afro-American culture and the social conditions that 
foster personality formation . Tues.-Thurs. 10:00-11:20 (Thomas) HL 
1148. 

URBAN DESIGN: This course will stress the elements of urban deSIgn 
as understood within the architecture profeSSion . Students will do 
structural deSign exercises, using the San Diego region as a laboratory, 
to learn the princ iples of an urban design plan , and the forces at work in 
shaping San Diego's future design . Thurs. 10:00-1:00 (Manincz) TCHB 
141. 

game. By the way, these people usually 
pay for these items. 

This team would be North County's 
tcam. Why shouldn 't Norrh County have 
a team? San Diego has the Chiggers and 
the SDSU (gag) Asstecs. Why? Is State 
better than we are? Heck, all the money 
is up herc so let's have a team . Even the 
j.Cs have football teams! That's 
embarrassing. Are the j.C.'s better than 
UCSD? 

Garcia stated that UC Santa Bamara 
Just started a team two years ago. Great! 

Now how about us? I say we stand up 
and show State, San Diego, the other UCs 
and the rest of college football that we can 
run a successful, clean program! If BYU 
can do it so can we. What is the 
administration'S great fear? It can only 
make money for the school. Many other 
schools' football teams are actually able 
to almost entirely finance all the other 
sports, thus saving the school that much 
more money. 

I don't see how we can have any faith 
in an administration which is afraid to 
even tty a football program. It also 
seems like one hell of a double standard 
to me . Why is it that our administration 
sees such a large difference between a 
SpOrt like basketball or soccer and 
fooball . What is the big deal?! 

We don't really need a stadium 
immediately. A team could survive for a 
short period of time as all the other 
teams do. A stadium is a necessity, 
though. That is part of our problem 
right now. one of the athletic programs 
make any money from their fans (or the 
simple reason that there is no way to 
control the onslaught of the fans. Yes, it 
is true that many people would not pay 
money to watch, for example, lacrosse 
or rugby, but they still would want a 
place to sit and something cold to 
drink. There could also be a s(Udent 
discount at many events. A stadium 
would also provide a nice arena for 
concerts and the such. 

In closing, I'd just like to say that it is 
about time that UCSD stood up and 
showed its backbone as one school, and 
not four. 

Mark Hrynchuk 

QultWastJng 
Your 

Time &Moncy 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ CeNTeR 

halt REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
bv registered, proteuionaI electrologists 

MEN.WOMEN ~ 
Qenlte Treatment 
Air DeMnIIIIlIng 
• MedIcal Apprcw.d 
• California Ucenled 
• Tax DecklctlbIe 
flEE CONSULTATION 
davs-evenlngs-SatUldOY 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ElECTROlYSIS CLINICS 

LA JOlLA WIOA PARK 

1464-12421 1589-90501 
.. 50 Villa La JoIlo Dr.... 2e0.6th Ave. 

Monday, Ftb. 25, 1985 7 
NE~ 

: . . '".- . .." .....,. .~;.:;': ~ . -: ~ '. '-.. ;-; 

Casino Night trying to deal with success 

"We opened the decks oj cards from Las Vegas to discover they weren't Jull," said Cecile 
Fox, student manager oj the Recreation Department's Casino Night, which had its largest 
turnout /ast Saturday. Fox and the 190 dealers she trained with the help of Dave Kiehle sat 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 
Caples · Reductions ' Enlargements 

Passport Photos ' Binding' And much more! 

41/2( 
Self SeN ice Copies 

Mon .• ThUll. a am • a pm 
Frl. a am • 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am • 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon - 5 pm 

.s7~775 
1155 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralpha • Sav-On) 

dawn just hours before the doors opened making complete decks. Susan Shar, a Third College 
junior, won the grand prize of six days andfive nights, plane and hotdfare, plus $150 to 
spend in Mazatlan . - Christopher Canole 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

., 

.: ~ u~'[)OIII1Id~m 
:: M J!:IOII-

I ' ,I' ~~.--:---
--TJ\.iI.r I', " """\ ~7140 Miramar Rd. San Die'go 

• L.".. ... I!!!!!I!!!-!!!! -------------------~!!!I~1II!II1IIlI 1IJ~f-A.J --ALL A MERicA NMEAL --!!! 'r~ 
- -- Quarter Poundel"l' with C heese. Lal'le Fry. --II - Medium-Sire Soft Drink ,,_I. .,1", I !" ,,:7"'n. II 

II Limit ,)n,' ,,,upon p,' r Just $1.99111• I' l"Ustuml'r. p~r VI::,lt . Ph..·a~ 
II p"'s"nt ,(lup,)n ",h,' n (plus talli) II orJ,·nnJ(. Nut vahJ with any II lIth"r utkr. Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

~ __ a_" O;_@' ~~~~:-- ----- ,~ 



8 M."uiav, Fe/! 25, 1985 
NEWS . 

. '. 

UCSC lobbies for mass suicide approval 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacranlt'>1/(l CorrcspondoH 

A PROPOSAL THAT would require the University of California anta Cruz to distribute suicide pills to 
students in the event of a nuclear war 
recewed a boost from the UC Student 
Body Presidents' CouncIl (SBPC) on 
Februal)' 9 . 

The councIl voted 9-2 to back the 
effo rts of a five-month-old student group 
which is now lobbying Santa Cruz 
C hancellor Robert Sinsheimer to place 
the initiative on the student ballOt 

The council took no stand on the 
initiative Itself, wntten by the tudent 
A1ltance for Fallout Emergencies ( AFE) 
and Inspired by a proposition Brown 
Untversity students voted on last faU In 
a heavily publiCized election . 

All nine Santa Cruz student 
governments have approved the 
inttlatlve for the baUot, and Sinsheimer's 
endorsement IS all that IS needed, said 
Kevin Gillis. Santa Cruz undergraduate 
representative to BPC. Six student 
governments must approve a proposal 
before it IS forwarded to the c hancellor, 

Inshelmer has had the proposal on 
his desk since February 5 and should 
make his decision in twO to threc 
w~eks, GIllis saId , SBPC support of the 
initiative could apply the proper 
pressure to hIm , he added. 

"Our chancellor IS the only c hancellor 
who has come OUt m favor or severance 
(cutting UCs ties to twO nuclear 
weapons laboratories)," GIllis told SBPC. 
"It 's the only time I've ever seen a 
chancellor separate hImself from hIS 
position ." 

But Sinshelmer may be concerned 

about what the inttiative could do ror 
the Image of the anta Cruz campus, 
which has been charactc ri zed as a hold-
over rrom the 1960s, Gillis said 

"This could be good fo r ant,\ Cruz," 
he argued, "One of our strengths IS that 
we orten talk about how socially 
conscious we arc. This will promOte that 
type of public rela tions. It would 
demonstrate that we really are a SOCially 
conscIous campus." 

Although SBPC didn 't vote on the 
inttlative Itself, Gillis Invited suggestions 
from councu members. The), 
congra tulated GIllis ,lOd Peter 
Blackshaw, a rounding member of AFE, 
for their efforts, 

But UCLA Graduate Student 
AsSOCiation Representative Russell 
Beland said the proposal was "the most 
ludicrou~ and ridiculous thing I've ever 
seen at an SBPC meeting." 

I f a pproved by Santa Cruz students, 
the CoweU Health Center o n campus 
would be required to stockpile suicide 
pil ls which would be distributed at the 
request of students onl}, ir UCSC was 
exposed to "lethal quantities" of 
radIation , 

The UniverSIty could also be reqUIred 
to proVide transportation to pOtential 
ground zero Sites If a nu lear war was 
"imminent." Gillis said Santa Cruz is 
close to at least five of these sites-the 
US avy base in Monterey, Fon Ord in 
almas, the Silicon Valley area, Hewlett 

Packard Corp . In Palo Alto , and the 
lockheed plant in Santa Cruz County, 
which may be the site of Trident II 
missile construction. 

University Events Office presents 

The sure m,ng comes 
once In 0 lifetime 

but/he reol fIl/flg 
lasts forever 

EM8.\SSYflLMS.ISSOOATES ... MONUMENT PCTURES ROB RtJ"ER lHESllRElIfNG 
_ JOHN ru5IO\ tw'tiNE lUNIG/o \'MCA UNIlfOIlS NOOOUE1TE St<ERIOoIN 

_" HENRI'WfjKlER . ANOA£WSCltEIHMAN " lOMSCOn SlM"L BlOOM ~THANROB!Rr:; l""-';!:'::-.::::::':=-'= -. IIOGERIIORNIIAUM " ROB RU<[R t :E '-' 

February 28, Thursday 
This film will be shown immediatly 

after "Lady Hawke" 
Passes must be picked-up in advance 
at the UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

The College Activities Offices at Santa 
ruz would be convelled to radiation 

monitoring stations, and designated 
area of the campus would be used as 
burial sites. 

Gillis and Blackshaw said the Brovm 
University p roposal. which was 
approved by the students , prompted 
their campaign . but emphaSIzed their 
ini ti ati ve differs from the East Coast 
campus' plans. 

"We have specified the point at 
which the suicide piUs would be 
distributed . That's the key," Gillis said . 
Unlike the Brown proposal, which 

foc llsed only on the distribution o r 
cyanide tablets, the Santa Cruz initiative 
addresses survival after a nuclear war, 
Gillis saId . 

Blackshaw said SAFE wrote i.I mo re 
derailed initiative to win support from 
the campus adminiSlratOrs. "But we tried 
not to make It tOo specific, for fear of (Sin-
sheimer) finding some trivial little point to 
use to tum it down ," Blackshaw said. 

The initiative has already spawned 
the debate on nuclear war that ItS 
proponents hoped it would . "Some 
people have laughed at it ," Blackshaw 
said, "and some people have cried ." ~ 

Just sitting around feeling guilty? 
Why not write news for the Guardian? 
Call Sean or Phil at 452-6580. 

J!!!!!~~~ VCSD Chamber Music Series ~~~!!!!!!!!!!!I 
Tenth Anniversary Season 

ALBAN BERG QUARTET 
Mozart's Quartet in C Major, K.465 

Be rg's Quartet, Opus 3 
Schubert's Quartet in A minor, D.894 

February 26, Tuesday, 8:00 p .m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13,00, UCSD St. $5.50 
T1~m\DN . (j) TELE'mDN ' 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
liiiiiiiiiiiiipresented by UCSD University Even ts Office iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

Monday. Feb. 25. 1985 9 

Based on need, not GPA 

Refonns proposed in state's student aid 
By JANE ROSENBERG. Sacrllmen to Co rrespondent 

A SSEMBLY SPEAKER Willie Brown (D-San Francisco) has introduced sweeping changes to the student 
financial aid award system, including a 
provision granting himself twO 
appointees to the Student Aid 
Commission. 

Assembly Bill 559 would award more 
Cal Grant A funds to students based on 
need instead of grade point average, 
according to an Assembly Ways and 
Means consultant who worked on the 
bill. 

The measure also proposes c reating 
5] 0 more Cal Grant A awards than Gov. 
George Deukmejian proposed for the 
1985-86 fiscal year and increasing the 
maximum award for private school 
students by 25% over three years. 

In introducing the bill February 6, 
Brown said his legislation would 
eliminate a "complicated system which 
regards cleverness over need , or 
promotes one academic pathway over 
another." 

The current system requires financial 
aid administrators to foclls on three 
factors before deciding whether to 
award a Cal Grant A, which finances 
tuition and fee costs for four-year 
students. 

Need , income level and GPA are 
reviewed and awards are alloned to 
students with the highest GPAs first , 

' said Dale Shimasaki , Assembly Ways 
and Means Consultant. 

Under Brown's proposal , Cal Gram A 
reCipients would be ranked according to 
need , not GPA, and students would have 
to meet the California State University 
admission requirements to qualify for a 
grant. 

"The current system would provide 
state support to one student with a 
family income of $40,000 and GPA o f 
3.1 before it provided services to 
another student with a GPA of 3.0 and 
family income of $20,000: Brolvn said 
in a written statement. 

"Reform in this area is long overdue ," 
he added. 

The bill was prompted by a proposal 
forwarded by the Student Aid 
Commission last year to increase the 
maximum family income level for 
students receiving finanCial aid from 
$40 ,000 to $60,000, Shimasaki said . 

The commission, which considered 
raising the ceiling and base need in 
parental contribution instead of income, 
dropped the idea laSt fall . Three 
hundred Black and Chicano students 

gat~~v~g 
\;;;";j~ 

Contact lenses. 
examination, patient 
training. follow uP. 
chemical care kIt 
and fitting . 
EXTENDED WEAR 
LENSES ONLY $265 .00 

THE ClASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT HELLER. 0 .0 , 

La Jolla Village Square 
4 5 2-7374 

Fashion Valley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 ,0 . 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

MAKING DICISIONS IASIER 
Family Planning Associotes Medicol Group's professionol concerned 
stoff can gillfl you the support you need when moking decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Coil todoy for on immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BI RTH CONTROL 

• GVN ECOLOGICALEXAMS 

• fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

would have been knocked out of the Cal 
Grant A program under such a policy, 
Shimasaki said . 

"There's more fina nciaUy needy 
people than there are awards ," 
Shimasaki saId. "Stude nts have shown , 
and it's common knowledge, that 
students with higher GPAs come from 
higher inco me families." 

BlIt Shimasaki noted that higher 
income students won't necessarily be 
locked out o f the Cal Gram program 
under Brown's proposals, because 510 
new awards are being proposed . 

According to Brown's statement, some 
60,000 students are excluded by the 
current award system. These students 
usuaUy choose a community college 
instead of anending a four-year school 
because they are unable to obtain grants , 
Brown said . 

Some 16,000 graduating high school 
seniors are awarded Cal Grant A monies 
every year, Shimasaki said. This year, 
the 40567 Cal Grant A recipients earn 
$65 million through the state's largest 
financial aid program , he added. 
Current reci p ients would not be affected 
by the bill . Shimasaki said. 

Student and higher education groups 
have been s low to react to the 

legislation, which would also add four 
appOintees to the Student AId 
Commission-two from Brown and two 
from Senate President Pro Tern David 
Roberti (D-Los Angeles). The 
commission currently has 11 members. 

"I'm sure this is going to rume a few 
feathers around the city: UC Student 
Lobby Director Jim Lofgren said of the 
bill . 

Steve Ardetti, the University's chief 
lobbyist. said he could not comment on 
the bill until he analyzes it. 

"This bill is definitely more favorable 
to the public universities. It's going to be 
a tough battle," Lofgren noted. "It may 
tip the scales in our favor, but it doesn't 
necessarily mean a good situation . .. if it 
causes a war between the privates and 
the publics ." 

The bill could have a severe effect on 
private universities, which are more 
dependent on financial aid even though 
their students may come from high 
income families , observers said . 

The legislation may be viewed as an 
attack against the private coUeges even 
though they would receive a 25% 
Increase in awa rd s over a three-yea r 
period, they added . ~ 

ITHE FOOD FOR THOUGHT co.1 
FREE PEPSI* 481 -3397 

The Food For Thought Company in conjunction with the Pepsl-Cola Bottling 
Company of Son Oiego are offering you an even better deal on soft drinks. With 
an order from Roberto', Taco Shop. delivered by Food For Thought, you can 
purchase Pepsi. Diet Pepsi. Of Slice for only forty c:enta a can including tax. That 
is at least ten cents c heaper than most on or off campus distributors. If you buy 
a six pack from us. we will charge you onlylwo dollars, which you math majors 
can quickly calculate to be one dollar cheaper two fr .. ,.,.1' •. • 
The Queaadllla C ontest has the Muir Beef Quesadilla Eater's Club pitted 
against the Guac. and Sour Cream Quesadilla Union of the Third College 
Dorms, A victorious outcome is by no means certain for either franch ise. and it is 
still not too late for you and your friends to win the coveted title, The title of the 
Queaadllla "'son of the Month will add sparkle and zest to anybody's resume. 
Indicating to potential employers your very admirable mental and 
gastronomiC abilities. 
Don't forget, we deliver Sunday through Thursday at 7-DO and at 11:30 pm. 
Please call at least 45 minutes in advance. and it Is best to coli as early as 
possible. We have dropped our 10:00 p!zza run, and we are now In the process 
of negotiating with Chinese restaurants to bring you the finest in Food For 
Thought. r~' 

REMEMBER: When Hunger Strlk .. W. 081"'*1 ( 1 

Sponsored Medical 
Residencies Available 

If you're a resident in cardiology, general surgery, 
orthopedic surgery, otolaryngology. OB/GYN , derm-
atology, anesthesiology or phychiatry , the Air Force 
has a program that may interest you. 
What makes it of interest? You ' ll continue your 
training at your present institution , receive a salary 
of approximately $29,500 per year plus added benefits 
given Air Force members and their dependents. A 
two year obligation as a spec ialist in the USAF 
Medical Corps is incu rred for the sponsored program. 
For information without obligation , contact 

Jim D. cler 
8775 Aero D r" Suite 330 
San Diego, C A 92123 
(619) 293-7057 
Collect Calls Accepted 



10 Mondal', Fe),. 25, 1985 
," -' ..... . ' " . , 

" . 

. . . .. . , " 

Crossing swords with the Dragonslayer 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

YOU MAY HAVE SEEN HER walking gracefully across the lawn on her way co the gym. dressed in wh ite. the color of her spon . Though she 
may be unknown to most UCsD students, the women 
fencers of all mher UC campuses recognize Tanya 
Thomas as the 1985 All Cal fencing champion. As 
Tanya enters the gym to take today's lesson from 
Coach Lynn Antonelli , she pauses to remember how 
her dream of being the All Cal champion began. 

Tanya entered UCSD envisioning college life as a 
fonress of the intellectual with and element of the 
mystical. She dreamed of riding a horse, with a falcon 
o n her arm , through the woods to engage in a 
fencing match . But she was quickly disillusioned by 
the mundane college life at UCsD. College hfe was 
supposed to include Silting in a coffeehouse , drinking 
cappucinos and discussing Proust's comment: "The 
man of to shelter himself from the ignorant 

~~:." 

contempt of the world , may say to himself that, since 
one's contemporaries are incapable of the necessary 
detachment, works written for posterity alone, like 
cenain pictures which one cannot appreciate when 
one stands too close to them." The contemporary life 
of the dorms offered only ten hours of study a day, 
getting wild on Friday nights , and the major social 
event being TGs during the quane r. Fired by the light 
of education , Tanya melted together her fantasy and 
reality of coUege. 

To compensate for her disenchantment towards 
coUege life and her less enthUSiastic commitment as a 
literature "avoiding" writing major, Tanya turned to 
fencing where she found comrades in dreams. 
Befriended by Wulf Carson, Monte Rosen and Greg 
Johnson , of the Epee team, she became the DarTanya 
to these three musketeers. For these musketeers, 
fencing was not just a sport, it was taking drama . 
classes, making fencing videos and dueling each mher 
at midnight in the eucalyptus forest. 

Dar'Tanya's musketeers were invited to sta~e a comic • 
performance at the formal Bal De Versailles at the Hotel 
Del Coronado. The men wore powdered wigs with 
their white rume shins and knickers to compliment 
Tanya's laced whaleboned tight-waisted full length 

gown . Though the play began as 'a chauvinistic 
confrontation of rwo men fighting for her affec tions, 
Tanya enviSioned the woman as an equal, rather than 
a mere prop of the men 's affections. In the final scene, 
an intruder fatally wounds one of Tanya's suitOrs, so 
she takes up his faUen epee to defeat the suitOr in 
revenge. 

The three musketeers graduated, leaving Dar'Tanya 
on a team that saw fencing only as a spon in which 
competition, without the fantasy, was the team's 
objective. No more duels at dawn. UCsD came to be 
seen as a microcosm of the California lifestyle , the too 
familiar and the mundane . She started seeing 
everybody as stereotypes and college as a stlning 
environment. So Tanya left the familiar to seek the 
unfamiliar in France. 

Her dormant idealism reemerged , leading her to 
believe she could live the life of a peasant, picking 
grapes in the summer and effonlessly learn to speak 
French. Or she might live in a Parisian garret and 
become a famous poet. She wrme flowing lette rs home 
to friends describing the superb scenery. But she 
sensed a lack of involvement with the people. She 
posted an announcement at a local college that said, ~ I 
like horses, photography, and the French language. I 
am an American, and I don't know anyone . Would you 
talk to me ? I am not a bad person, I am just lonely." 
The posting of her plea humbled her into realizing she 
would have to extend herself to meet the people. Her 
newfound boldness cut through her own snobishness 
towards strangers, creating new connections she had 
never experienced. 

One of those connections led her to study with a 
French fencing master. Tanya discovered that the 
French take fencing more seriously than we do in the 
United States because they think of it as their national 
sport. The French pride in fenCing can be a wall to 
those who are nm willing to make sacrifices and give 
their tmal devotion to the an of fencing. Tanya thought 
she was demonstrating devotion when she asked to 
take epee as well as foil le~sons . The French were 
shocked , thinking her quite the dilettante for not 
specializing in one weapon. Though she found the 

fenCing master to be an eli list and inacceSSible , she 
also recognized his fantastic command of the weapon, 
at times giving rwo lessons at once with a weapon in 
each hand . 

The sobering effect of training with a fenci ng master 
did not compare to lessons she learned at a local 
competition . Thinking of herself as a talented up-and -
coming fencer, she invited some new friends to watch 
her perform. Nine year olds, who had been fencing for 
four years, were defeating Tanya . This second 
humbling experience reinforced in her the ability to 
accept experience with ope ness and without pre-
conceived expectations. In the US, a person usually 
begins fencing in the first year of college, which is 
unheard of in France. A frenchman at 22 is already a 
proficient fencing master. 

Returning to California, Tanya began w appreciate 
the anonymity of living in one's own country. In 
France, she always sensed a tension as the American 
on show. At home, friends did not expect the same 
thing from her as a fencer, or as an individual. 

They thought of fencing as a delicate ballet and 
asked Tanya what she did for her exercise. After her 
French connections, she began to react negatively to 
people who thought of fencing as frolicking on the 
open grass brandishing swords. Her experience in 
France eradicated her former idealism. She replaced 
enchantment with elegance. Tanya has little wlerance 
for fencers who throw tantrums over a lost touch. Now 
she is drawn to the politeness of fencing, which 
harkens back to the days when there was a romantic 
notion of how people should behave, a rarity in most 
sports today. To keep a calm manner, to be gracious in 
defeat and victory are her new ideals. She also feels a 
student cannot separate these ani tudes from the daily 
interactions and competition with other students. 
Neither fenCing nor life can tolerate a person who 
insists on constantly displaying her ego or acting as a 
spoiled child. 

After meeting her own challenge of surviving alone 
in Europe, Tanya felt confident and comfonable in 
UCsD. Her freshman nmion that she was made for 
great things, triumph after triumph , settled into a 
realistic perspective of her fencing and personal 
abilities. 

One triumph Tanya had not expected occured at 
the last All Cal fencing tournament. Her basic 
insecurities had convinced her there was no good 
reason to expect she might place first. Tanya's coach 
told her that it was all right to lose to the UCLA 
women if she learned something, because she would 
have to fence them again during league competition 
which, to the coach, was more important than the All 
Cals. During the preliminaries, she defeated UCLA's 
top fencer, the expected champion of the tournament, 
for the first time. After 13 hours of grueling preliminary 

Monday, Feb. 25, 1985 11 

rounds, and a rwo-hour fi nal, with no breaks for meals , 
Tanya d id not th ink of fenCing as fun anymore. She 
had defeated all the finalists during the day. So rather 
than her usual position of being the dark horse , she 
was now the target, the person everyone sought to 
defeat. For the fi rs t time in her fencing career, she 
focussed on fencing every individual as if it were an 
entire bout (five touches detennine a bout). After a full 
day of fencing she knew her mind was grooved to the 
different opponents' faults , so she allowed an 
effortlessness to take over her concentration. 

"As I plugged in for my final bout, I felt my mind 
disengaged from that hollow nervousness in the pit of 
my stomach that pursues me into a fencing match. 
Instead of bei ng more corporeal , I felt disembodied. 
There was a strange transparency between what I was 
thinking and doing. There was no reaction time, no 
pause berween what I thought to do and what I did. 
When we were tied at 4-4, I wanted the final touch to 
be a beautiful conclusion to a long day, as though the 
whole day was in that touch . I thought that was the 
definitive touch , the end of my chances to win the 
competition. People staned complimenting us on the 
quality of the bout, and I tried not to be dejected. 
Then someone said the bout didn 't even maner, I had 
already clinched first place (with a win-loss record on 
the day of 25-4). I could JUSt feel myself light up 
inside; I was really transformed ." 

"I feel calm ," said Tanya after he r victory. · Until you 
have experienced an accomplishment, you always have 
a sense you should be proving something to someone , 
telling them about yourself to prove your worth . I had 
done something speciaho me, and even though 
fenCing is nO{ a recognized accomplishment for the 
majority of people. I've dreamt about winning the AU 
Cals ever since I staned fencing. I don't feel a need to 
boast about the victory; the self-confidence gained is 
my full reward." 

She now directs more of her efforts towards enjoying 
the team aspect of the sport, working with other 
fencers, encouraging each other's develormem. 

·What do you have at college? A lot 0 individuals 
who are nO( reaUy working together. They seem to 
think their studies are somehow altruistic, not realizing 
what an essentially selfish proposition college is. What 
could be more luxurious than spending aU your time 
acquiring knowledge and enriching yourself? Fencing 
forces me out of my individualism to interact with 
other students." To step back fro'!l the painti ng. 

In rwo weeks, Tanya will compete in the Western 
Intercollegiate Fencing Torunamem, hoping to qualify 
for the NCAA Nationals. She remembers last year's 
Westerns in which she fenced her most memorable 
career bout against the woman she thinks of as the 
"dragon lady." The Dragon Lady dramatizes both her 
oriental coolness and quickness by hissing through her 
fencing mask and darting her back hand out like a 
snake's strike when she attacks. To Tanya, she was one 
of those obstacles a fencer comes up against; no way 
around, you just accept the misery of defeat During a 
preliminary bout, the Dragon Lady handily defeated 
Dar'Tanya. When they met in the semi-finals, Tanya 
briefly experienced the calmness she would later fully 
leam to control in this year's All Cals. At that moment 
she knew "I am here so I might as well make the best 
of it. That was the best match I had ever fenced ." 
Tanya's victory in the semi-finals was countered by a 
loss to the Dragon Lady in the finals. But that one 
moment atuned Tanya to the esstnce of what 
champions discover when they become one with a 
spon. 'When you are on the strip with someone you 
respect, and you are well matched, there is a 
combination of anticipation, fear and excitement. 
When I plug imo the electrical equipment, I feel like I 
am out there in my first and last experience of my life. 
This is it. I am oblivious to what is occuring around 
me. Just me and the opponent. It's primal." 1m 



The 
WeekI 

SeNicesj\XIorkshops 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
.... Il00 pm - Interested in doing an 
il"tternshp, but can't ftnd the ti~ row? Do an 
internship ~ the summer ttYough ASIOI For 
more info on what internships are all about. and 
ans~ to your Questions, stop by the ASia ollice 
abo\le the game room In the Student Center, or call 
452-..689. 
MONDAY 
.... 'o .. S ... - Let Go of Stress and Relax-
This is a group A:lr all UCSD students designed to 
teacl1 memods of relaxing and dealing with stress 
v..nich can be u~ for a lifeti~. TedYliques 
include breathing exercises, biofeedback, 
progr~ relaxation, autogenic training. guided 
imagery, meditation, self-t"Wnosls and ti~ 
rnanagernent Meets each Monday thoughout the 
quarter. Students ITliIy attend all sessions, or drop 
in to lnY one of them as corlllerlient Meets at 10(H 
H-L Offered by Maynard Brusman, PsycholOgical 
and Counseling ~ces. 
4.-..00 pm - Lesbian Support Group-This 
V>ftIdy drop-in discussion group olfers peer 
support personal concern and a forum for 
exploration of sodal and political issues. Led by the 
Women's Resource Center Peer Counseoo, Call 
452-2023 for info and to sign up. At the Women's 
Resource Center. 
nlDDAY 

'z~'100 pm - USIng Condoms? The 
Sponge? Or Foam?. . and still don't koow all the 
fiIcts?Come to a Birth Control Information Session 
to make sure your method Is as effectille as you and 
}Our partl16 can make it. It's free and conftdential. 
Upnalrs at the Student Health Center. 
,.OO-Z.IO pm - Gay/Blsexua i Men 's 
Counseling Group-This IS an on-going 
contidential support group for undergraduate men 
questioning their sexuality, as well as those who 
Identify as gay IblSexual. Meets weekly throughout 
the Quarter. Students can call leader, Steve Brady, 
at 452-3755 lor more Info, ortheycanjustco~to 
the group. Spon:\Ored by PsydlolOgicai and 
Counseling ServICes. In 1003 HL 
'100-2" pm - CNercoming CompulSIVe 
Eat.ng-In a supporwe enlilronment group 
partidpants will learn ways to eliminate 
corrpulsille eating. The focus will be on changing 

be~rs, thoughts and oeliefs whictl perpetuate 
this compulsion, and work on irrproving self-
image. The group IS not open to those who 
experience a brnge/purge cycle or who greatly 
restrict their diet. Sponsored by Psychological and 
Counseling Serl/lces. Please call Ternille Porter, 
452-3035 or Denise Zimmerman 452-3755 to sign 
up. Meets at Mt. View Lounge, Third College. 

IIftON.DAY 
'~IO&IO ... - COmbatting Depression: 
Feeling Better Workshops-Feeling better 
demands a whole lot more than talking aoout 
problems. In order to provide more than talk, 
Psyd'loiogical and Counseling Services is oITering a 
series of skill-building workshops designed to 
combat depression and suess, through such 
actMties as dance, jogging, psychOdrama, game 
pjaying. laughter, ti~ management and attitude 
enhancement thiS group ~ts weekly In the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. Students ITliIy attend as 
few or as many of the wor kshops as they Wish. 
Please wear Ioos~fitting dothes which Will allow 
}Ou to move with comfort TopiC 2127' Dance or 
movement as a means to feeling better. 
11 ~'Z.JO pm - Reccrverlng from Eatrng 
Disorders Program (RED I). Thrs IS a program for 
women students With eating disorders 
Participants move toward recovery through a 
program of gradual stages Students who are 
obsessed With weight control, who may 
alternately llInge, fast. or purge, 'Mil find a 
cornmon ground of support and caring Led by 

Mirram losupovici and a peer counselor. 
Sponsored ~ PsycholOgical and Counseling 
Services. call 452-3755 A:lr rrore inro and to sign . 
up. Meets at HL 1003. 

IJ~' 100 pm - \X!hatllit's almost Marctl and 
you still hiM!:n't been to a Birth Control/Sexual 
Health Information Session? It's inrormative, 
informal . .. free and fun. Join those In the know 
this Wednesday. 4>stairs at the Student Health 
Center. BI! there or bIe squarel 

U~, .. pili - General ~apy-This 0n-
going, confidential group is open to 
undergraduate stuclents. The focus will be on 
personal and Interpersonal concerns. Led by Sttve 
Bracly and Undsey Stroberl of PsycholOgical and 
Counseling Services. Meets at 1003 H-L Call 452-
3755 to sigl up. 
4fC»-S •• pm - Campus Black Forum-This is a 
weekly, informal discussion group on the issues, 
concerns, and the quality of life of the Black 
comrrunity at UCSO. This is an ongoing group and 
students can join at any time. call leader Phil 
Raphael at 452-3035 if you have any questions; 
otherwise, students can Just tum up at the group. 
Meets In the Mountain View Lounge In Third 
College. Ottered by Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 
6100-'0100 pili - Tax Clinic Prepare your fa)( 
strateqy now. Indudes introductory lecture on 
how to file, basic deductions, as well as 
Question/answer period. $6.00. 
Tl1URSDAY 
4a00-saOO pm - Headache Treat'Tlent Group-
This IS a group for students wh) are ctlronic 
headache sufferers. PartJopants will learn stress 
reOOction techniques, as well as other headache 
treatment procedures. Offered by Penny 
McClellan, PsyctlclOgical and Counseling ~ces. 
If you're interested call Penrry and leave your name 
and numbler. She can be reached at 452-3755 or 
452-3035. Meets at Student Health Services 
Conference Room. 
P'RIDAY 
2.00-4100 pm - Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Group-For students INho want help In dealing 
with an alcohol or drug use problem. Errphasis will 

be on understanding the corrplexity of t~ 
prolllem, identifying options, making a 
wmlTlltment to change, and following th:ough. 
Homework assignments and group norms Will bIe 
establiShed as part of the group's and InOvidual's 
program. Bl!fore joining the group, Interested 
students are asked to call Becca at 452-3 755 to 
make a short appointment with one of our 
counselors to see if the group will meet their needs. 
Led by Dan Munoz. PsycholOgical and Counseling 
Services. Meets at the Rtvelle Provost's Offlce. 

JrOO-4.JO pm - Peer-led Gay/Blsexual Men's 
Support Group. This IS a weekly drop-In peer 
support group for male students wh) Identify as 
being gay or llIsexual, as well as for those who are 
explOring t~lr sexuality. The group is facilitated by 
student peer counselors and IS a great opportunity 
to talk With other students sharrng Similar 
concern~ New students can JOin at any time 
Offered by PsycholOgical and COUnseling Serl/lces 
Meets at H-L 1003 If students have any questIOns 

~ can call CarlOs or DemetriUS at 452-4297, 
otnerwrse, they can JUst arl,.;e for the group 

Calendar 
Religious Functions 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
1100 pili - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic COInrnJnity at UCSO. In the U1illersity 
Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
'ZIOO pili - Faculty Luncheon featuring Dr. 
Ridlard Sc:t1auIl, sponsored by OffIce ot Religious 
Affairs. In the North Confe'ence Room. 
71»fIOO pm - Asian-American Christian 
Feflowship-TOnight, our guest speaker will speak 
on the Christian Disdplrne of Confession. Please 
join us and find out how God can relieve you of the 
burden of your sins. In the Student Center B, North 
Conference Room. 
TUUDAY 
7.10 pm - Tuesday Night Discussion Group: The 
Big Seven-Everything you always wanted to 
krow about the sacraments. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the Catholic 
Lounge of the Unillersity Lutheran Church. 
W.DNUDAY 
6100 pm - Supper for students hosted by 
theLutherans at UCSD. All are welcome. Bible 
study follows at 7:00 pm. In the Lounge of the 
Lhillersity Lutheran Church, Just west ot Revelle 
College. 
7100 pm - Inter-Varsity C::hristian Fellowship 
~ets every Wed. night at 7:00 pm. This W'eek we 
journey from beautiful Warren campus to Revelle's 
HL 1205-1and of the SQueaky chairsl Everyone is 
welcome to Fin us for a ti~ of worship and 
fellowshipl 
7.10 pm - For Ovistians: A series of weekly 
semrnars-"Answering Questions about 
Christianity:' Taught by 800 Siegel of SqJourners 
Christian Fellowship. In the Student Center 
Building B, North Conference Room. 
7'- pili - Bible Study: A ti~ to diSCOllef' the 
meaning of God's Word in our daily lives. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Coordinators. 
In the Catholic Lounge of the Lhillersity Lutheran 
Churctl. 
7 •• pm - A look at the Sanctuary Movement in 
San Diego. The catholic Student Coordinators 
present Carl Emrlctl speaking on Sanctual)'. In the 
Lhillersity Lutheran Church. 
IlOO pm - Lenten Gathering sponsored by the 
Lutheran COrntrunity, open to all. TopiC "A New. 
Model for Christian Witnessing." In the LDunge ot' 
the Lhillerslty Lutheran Church. 
'0100 pIII- Candlelight Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the Chilpef of the 
Lhillersity Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
SI4I pm - The ThJrsday Dinner, Good food and 
great corrpany. Followed by ho~ movie night. 

Bring your slides, horne movies and video tapes. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Coordinators. 
In the catholic Lounge of the Lhillersity Lutheran 
Church. Donation 52.00. 
7100,. - Study Break~ Crusade for 
Christ presents: "'"Iho Do You Think You Are r A 
biblical perspective on Self-Worth. Join us In 
Bonner Hall Rm. 2105. 
7 ... 9100 pili - U1ited Campus Ministry 
sponsors a Bible Study ElII!f1ing. "Finding Yourself 
in the Pllabies of Jesus." Ulited Campus Ministry 
is the campus ministry of the Presbyterians, 
Methodists, UCC and the Disciples of Christ 
students. All are welco~. Refreshments will 
Iollow. In the Office of Religious Affairs, Student 
Center Bldg. B. 

SATlMDAY 
SIOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the Chapel of the 
Lhillersity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
Il00, •• n, .. llaOO _ - Episcopal Church 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowshp. In the Good Samarttan Episcopal 
Churctl, 4321 Eastgate Mall. Across Genesee from 
east end of campus, north of La Jolla Village Dr. 
intersection with Genesee. 
IIJO _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. ln the Chapel of the 
Lhillersity Lutheran Church. 
,0aOO _ - Lutheran worship service ror 
e\IeI)OOe.ln the Chapef of the Lhillersity Lutheran 
Churctl. 
'OIJO _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Conmunity at UCSD. LDwer I.tvel 
Confe'ence Room of the Student Center Building 
B. 
"., S _ - Panel Discussion: "The IIgony and 
the Ecstasy of Witnessing." In the LDunge of the 
Lhiversity Lutheran Church. 

,.o.4tOO pili - Good old fashioned auction. 
Fun and excitement. Brign you NICE salable items 
to Fr. Frank's ollice. Ir1IIi1:eyour tr1ends to come and 
ftnd all those things they need. Proceeds go to the 
Student Retreat Supplemental Fund. In the Parklng 
Lot. of t~ U1illersity Lutheran Church. 
SlOG pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic COII1I1lJnity at UCSO. In the Lhillerstly 
Lutheran Church. 
'100 .... - Lutheran IM)IShip sel'llice for 
everyone. In the Chapel of the Lhillersity Luther..., 
Churctl. 
"'I ,.. - Epjscopal Church Worship SeMce: 
Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Churctl, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

Academic SeNices 
MOND"'Y ..... DAY 
...... 100 pm - ~IS writing Center olfers 
free service lor all UCSO students wh) need pr~ 
writing help, confe'ences on drafts, ...,d editing 
<niice. We engage ar?j klnd of writing. and ar?j 
IcJnd of writing prol*m. Confe'ences lie by 
appointment only. ElII!f1lng appointmertts lie now 
also available in OASIS third Place at Third College. 
(For the full range of services _ back ot Fall 
Schedule.) call 452-2284 a come by USB 4010 to 
make an appoInIJT1I!nt This senAce Is laIaiiatlle 
thrc:JUg1out the QUMteI'. 
.. JIHIOO .... - PAl Conferences-Don't spend 
more time s~ng than necessary! Schedule a 
al~1D-One PAl fpersonal assistance lor learning) 
conference to streMlll1ne your stu~ng. The 
conferences will deal with your course materials 
concerns including reading comprehension, 
memoty control, Ic!cture notetaIdng. and teSt 

preparation, as we" as how to manage)'OUr ti~, 
handle stress, concentrate better, ...,d ~o~ 
procrastination. Sponsored by the ~:s Reading 
and Stuctt Skills Center. USB 4010. 
, ... 100 .... - Grammar Moses Hotflne-A 
hotIlne phone11 sel'llice lor help with dialon, 
grown mar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses cafI452-2284 between the hours 
a 9 and 4, Monday-Friday. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the Quarter. 
, ....... ,.. - Drop-In Hours. For questions 
pertaining to career pIannIng..Job hunting. resumt' 
critiquing. etc. .-.ppo;ntrnents ITliIy also be 
sche<lIled in the morning by caring Career Services 
Center at 452-3750. 
MONDAY & MDNDDAY 
'I""JIOO pm - T~ ~ PrC9'own Level 
I and II-ThIs OASIS focuses on the thinking sklils 
}Ou need to successfully hande the reading and 
writing tasks assigned in )'OUr courses. It is 
desig'led for those who want to ~ their 
English language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual tutors. 
LP is presented by the ~IS IXIrIting Center and 
the OASIS Reading Center. USB 4070. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 

PIaYlIng on a Grac1late, Law or MBA degree 
prC9'own aftrr UCSD? ~ with idnlssion and 
application questions today by appointmer1r only. 
Call Career Services Center at 452~939lor more 
detailed Information. In the Student Center Bldg. 
A 
, .... , ....... - \MIat can you do about fInaIs7 
I~ your meIIlOIY lor Math and ScIence 
Inbtmatlon. reduce your stress, and leam how to 
cram In the TECHfnique) TAU< on Math/Sdence 
Grids' At USB 4010. Don't miss ItI Presented by the 

~IS Reading and Study SkIlls Center, To Slgl up, 
call 452-2294. 
,...... .... - Interested in the Health 
Professions? AdvIsing appointments available ror 
career pjanning and pre-professionaf school 
preparation. Call Career SenAces Center at 452-
4939 In ~ance for an iippOintmenl but no earlier 
than one W'eek. In the SIudent Center Bldg. A 
1100 pili - The Marketable Resume! Worksrop. 
Learn how to construct a state-of-the-art ~ 

that will malce you stand out from the crOlNd, In 
this ~ revised workshop. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
...... ,.. - Professor Ramon Pinon of the 
Biolog; OepiIrtrnent will talk informally aoout his 
experrences as a student. teadler and resellcher. 
Don't miss this opportIXIlty to meet one of UCSO's 
ftnest! Sponsored ~ OASIS. In the North and South 
Confe'ence Rooms, Student Center Bldg. B. 
'-'10100 pm - LSAT Prep Course-This tree 
course is designed to familiarize students with the 
LSAT. Score your best on the LSATI Each session 
will combine instruction. discussions, practice tests 
and test-taking strategies for the Reading 

~eherlsion, ~I Reasoning. Evaluation 
a Facts, and LogIcal Reasoning sections ot the 
LSA T. In addition, you'. take a diagnostic test that 
will hdIQte just where you should locus )'OUr 
studies c:lIring the the weeks r.fore the exam. 

Make your pr~test review ell'icient and etfKtilie 
with the LSA T Prep coursel Sponsored by the 
o-.slS Reading and St~ Skills Center. In USB 

~5M. 
TUlSDAY 
" ... 'Z.IS pm - What can you do about 
ftnals 7 If11)I'CM: your memoty lor Math and ScIence 
inlorlfiltion. reduce your stress, and leam how to 
crown in the TECHfnique) TAU< on Relaxation 
Tectv1Iquesl At usa 4010. Don't miss itl Presented 

~ the ~IS Reading and Stuctt Skills Center. To 
sign up, call 452-2284. 
ZIIO 4100 .... - Interested in Medicine or 
Dentlstly 7 Drop-in acMslng in open sessions. 
Sponsored by the CaIeer Services Center. In the 
Career Sen.ices Center at Student Center Bldg. A 
.... Il00 .... - Work/Internships Abroad: 
Panel discussion ot various short term prC9'arTIS to 
gain international work experience lor pay, 
academic credit. or simply for funl In the 
International Center. 
MDNDDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a Graduate, Law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD? Help with idnlssion and 
application questions today by appointment only. 
Call career Services Center at 452-4939 lor more 
detailed information. In the Student Center Bldg. 

A 
"""100 _ - Interested In MedIcine or 
Dentistry? Drop-in acMsIng In open sessions. 
Sponsored by the Career Services Center. In the 
Career Services Center at Student Center Bldg. A 
,a.., 2141 .... - What can you do about 
ftnals 7 'mprCM: your rnemclIY lor Math and ScIence 
information. reduce your stress, and learn hoI;, to 
crown In the TECHfnique) TAU< on Cramming for 
Social ScIence Coursesl Don't miss itl At usa 4010. 

~ by the ~IS Reading and Study Skills 
Center. To sign up, call 452-2284. 
'2 ... JIOO,.. - Study In ScandiMlia: College 
Yei!6 In 5candrlalla fOS) will oe here to meet with 
interested students. Appjlcatlons lie stUI being 
accepted for the coming yell. In the lnterNtional 
Center. 
" .. 2110 .... - Interested In the Health 
Professions? AdIIising appoi~ts ""allaOle for 
career planning and pre-professional schOol 
preparation. Call career Services Center at 452-

4939 In ~anceloranappoin~ but no earlier 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
2100 pili - Your Skills-Your Career. This career 
services workshop helps you identify and articulate 
your skills IIld relate them to particular careers. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
ZIOCHcOO pm - Memory Control-Develop 
total memory control. " forgetting information IS 
something you can do without. don't miss this 
workshop. We'll cover the mind power tedlnlques 
known as mnemonics fassoclations, llisualization, 
and key word pegs) and talk about how to st~ 
for total recall. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading 
and Study Skills Center. In the Student Center 
Conference Room. Bldg. B. 
nt&MISDAY 
.... 'ChIO _ - Speed Reading-How do you 
handle th:ee or lour courses In 2~ months? \Xt1th 
maxirrum reading tfIIdencyi In this course, }OU can 
expect to cut )'OUr reading ti~ in half (or more) 
and i~ )'OUr w"ll"ehension, concentration 
and recall. This tree course focuses on speed of 
corrprellension lor UCSO university assignments. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and Stuctt Skills 
Center. In TCHB 141. 
' .... " •• _ - Interested in the Health 
Profesions7 AdvIsing appointments available for 
career planning and pr~professionaf school 
preparation. Call Career Services Center at 452-
4939 in ~lIlce lor an appointment. but no elilier 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
' ... Il00 ..... - Graduate Schoo//law/MBA 
AdIising. Planning on a Graduate, Law or MBA 
degree program after UCSD? Help with 
admissions and application questions please drop 
in todiy. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
... IIJO & 7 ..... 10 pili - Semester At Sea: 
There will bIe a representatille from Sernster At Sea 
with slides INho will arlSlNer QUestions about the 

I~ excursion that takes students around the 
world. In the International Center. 
PlllDAY 
""'0100 ,.. - The OASIS Grammar and 
Mechanics Workshop is desig'led for students 
INho would like to work on darifying basic 
!1'ownmatical concepts and categories and applying 
them in an extensille systematic series of practJcal 
exercises. The is valuable for any students 

INho ~ problems writing the complex English 
sentences demanded In academic writing. An 
exercise ITlilnuai to be purchased by the student 
will be used. All INOrk will be COITflIeted In the 
contett of t~ workshop. In usa 4070. 
.... , , .. _ - Graduate Sd1ooi/law/MBA 
~ng. f'IIIlning on a Grac1Jate, Law or MBA 
degree progam after UCSD7 Help with 
admissions and application questions please drop 
in ~. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
' ..... "100 _ - Interested in the Health 
Prt*ssions7 AdvIsing appointments available for 
career planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. call Career Services Center at 452-
4939 in <nilllce for an appointment. but ro elillet' 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
'ChIO _ - Findrng the Hidden .Job Market. 
80% of all Fb vacarlCies ate unactveni~. This 
IIIOrkshop will teach you a wlfi to ftnd out about 
them. Sponsored by Career Services Center. In the 
Revelle Formal LDunge. 

Recreation 
~DAY 
, .......... - End Black History Month with a 
bilngl Co~ to Warren CoIIege's Atrican/Black 
Culture Niglt. Sample foods from authl!lldc 
Nrican a.isine to Black American soul food. I.isterl 
to poetry and music. view ftlms. and have ..., all 
around good time. In the Warren Commons 
Meeting Room. 
IlOO pili - ~mer5 Forum lor students' 
creative eITorts. In the Redtal Hall. 

- Sonor: A PotpOUrri-ucSD Contemporary 
Music features works by Ogdon. Yuasa, DobrIan 
and Sch\vartz. TIdcea available at tidcetrons, UEO 
and at the door. In Mandeville Aucftorium. Gen. 
Admission: $4.00; Students/Senior Citizens: SI.OO. 
TN.IMD"'Y 
• ..... 10 ..... - Language Tables: Come and 
COl'1\lMe In French. German a Spanish c:Ner 
dinner. All Interested foreIC}'l language students 
lie mast welco~~aI cards or cash basis. 

~ speakers can have meals paid for-calI45~ 
0157 lor inlbrmation. In t~ South Dining Hall Of 

t~ Revelle Cafetena. 
7100 pili - "Nothing But a Man, " the nnal film in 
8SU's BIacIc: History Month Series. Thrs movie 
depicts the trial and victories of a Slade family In t~ 

South. join the BSU in this montn-ending activity. 
In the North CC>l'Rrence Room. 
lHURSDAY-SUtIIDAY 

- Tenth Annual UCSO Superstars All-Sports 
Competition. Individual and Team ~ in: 
Basketball, TraCk, Bowling, Swimming, 
Weightlifting, Softball. Tennis, Volleyball and 
Football. On the MUir Field. Thursday at 3:30 pm. 
...DAY 
6110 pIII-Gourmet Vegetarian Cooking classesl 
Leam how to prepare wholesome and economical 
dishes from the worlcrs oldest culinary tradition, 
followed by a surrpruous lUil-course ~rIan 

~ast. Indian style. Plus discourse on BhaIcti-
yoga!mantra meditation. In the Revelle Informal 
LDunge. 
IlOO ".. - UCSO Guitars in Concert In 
Mandl!llille, Rm. B210. 
SAn.DAY 
7 .. _ - Cross<ount/y Ski Day Trip to Mr. San 
Jacinto via Palm Springs krlal Tramway. Cost 
indudes transportation, tramway ticket. skis, 
poles, bOOts, optional basic lesson. For beginners 
as well as ~. Sign up at OCR: 
Canyonview. S~.OO. 
a.oo pili - Vox Recital-Mark Childs. In 
Mandeville, Rm. S210. 

Organizational Meetings 
IIIIONDAY 
'ZIOO pili - RENU, a student organization 
deaNng with the social and academic needs and 
desires of students wro have r_!teI ed school 
after an absence of fIIIe or more years ir1lrltes you to 
join us at our next meeting. In H&SS 2148. 
.. 00 pili - Israel Action ComrMtee MeetIng. 
Special Guests: Radlel Grulwelss from the 
Israel/Allyah desk in San Diego, and Frandne 
Haselkorn, the Southwest coordinator a t~ 
American Zionist Youth Foundation. For more Irm> 
call Micah at 587-0942. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
TUUDAY 
• ,... - SURF ClUB reunites. Yes, it's true 
we're hiMng a meeting. Come nnd out \M1a('S 
been happening and future events. Team members 

not attending 'will never catch a WlNe to 
thernsefIIes againl In USB ~IO. 
...".D"'Y - -- -
2100 pM - Attention: All American Indian 
Studentsl 'The American Indi..., Student Council 
will meet in the ~ Lounge todlfi. All interested 
students ate asked to attend, )'OUr attendance, 
ideas, and ir1YoIIiener1t will be greatly appredated. 
IlOO pili - Attention Aspiring Engineersl "A Day 
In t~ Ufe of an Engineer" is an informal discussion 
with engneers from many disciplines and 

co~ sdence. Co~ and get your questions 
arlSlNered in a comfortable, casual atmosphere. 
Sponsored by Wllren Faculty Fellows Progrown. In 
the Wllren Comrnc>ns Lounge. 
ntt_DAY 
.. ... SIOG pili-Biomedical Engineering Society. 
General meeting. Will discuss coming trips to the 
Bioengineering Convention and Companies. 
Please show up if interested; a call Ouan at 279-
7482. In the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
SIOO ,.. - Comrrunlcatlon Club and Women in 
Comrrunication present Mike Kurtz of Western 
\/Ideo & Aim will rive a presentation on the \/ideo 
business and its outlooks. He Is a very entertaining 
speaker, particularly for those interested in the 
Corntrunication fIek:I. In MCC 201. 

lectures 
"""'DAY 
IlOO pIII- "A Day in the U~ot an Ef9neer"/sn't 
~ally a lecture, but an Informal d/saJssion with 
engineers. We'. talk about )'CUI' quesdons and 
concerns about engineering and computer 
science. .Join us lor good CDrM!fSation and 
retrestments. In the Wllren Commons Lounge. 

Scripps Aquarium 
000000000000 

photos by 
Kevin Foley 



Ii Monday, Fe", 25, 1985 

UCSD finishes season with best record ever 
The Tritons' Last Dance 

By MATT LAIT 

T HE UCSD MEN'S BASKETBALL team ended its season with a 12-12 record after losing a hard-
fought game 91 -75 to the Southern 
California College Vanguards. The _ 
Tritons finished with their best record 
In eight years , a fact the team and 
especially the seniors are proud of. 

The Tritons lost last Friday night not 
because they played so poorly but rather 
because the Vanguards, wh o are 24-4 
and headed for the playoffs, played 
Oawlessly. 

UCSD tOok the lead at the beginning 
of the game WIth the help of senior 
Brandon NIxon , who nwed eight of the 
first 12 Truon pOints Despite UCSD's 
qUIck start , the Vanguards were able to 
put things tOgether to take over the lead 
for the rest of the game at the 13:45 
mark. By halfume the Tntons fou nd 
themselves 14 pOints behmd , 46-3 2, 
after shooting only 34.4% (rom the fi eld . 

The second half was ex itlng, with 
the Tritons cuttmg into the outhern Cal 
lead seve ral times, once trimming it to 
three pOints. However, the Vanguards 
remained poIsed and built the- lead back 
up to nine , at which pOint they 
introduced the infamous stall. ThIS left 
UCSD no other alternative but {Q foul 
and hope to gain possession after 
missed free throws. As the final margin 
indicates, this tactic failed for the 
Tri tons, leading to their second eXCiting 

but disappointing loss to the Vanguards 
this season. 

This was the last game for seniors 
Brandon Nixon , Mark Barreca, Mike 
Dabasinskas and Randy Bennett. These 
four talented players have contributed 
and accomplished much for the Tritons. 
Nixon, who scored 25 poims in Friday's 
game, is an Academic All-American and 
the second highest scorer in the hiStory 
of UCSD basketball. Barreca, a key 
starter in the line-up, is third in 
rebounds and fourth in points in the 
record books for the Tritons. 
Dabaslnskas, the big 6-8, 225-lb. center 
for the team , is second in rebounds and 
14th In scoring and also holds the 
record for the most rebounds in one 
game with 22. Finally, Randy Bennett, 
the team's valuahle SIXth man, holds the 
record for the most assists in one game. 
As coach Tom Marshall says, "Nobod y 
plays the role of sixth ma n the way 
Bennet! can." 

ThIS season had many ups and 
downs for the team, but the ups were 
some of the greatest ever accomplished 
in the history of UCSD basketball . The 
consensus of most 9f the players was 
that they were pleased with the way the 
yea r went and that they enjoyed playing. 
Marshall is a lready recruiting and 
preparing for spring trai ning. The 
Tritons were a n exciting team to watch, 
and it looks as if next year promises to 
be more of the same. Il::l 

Senio,.s MikL Daba.sinsltas (below), Brandon Nixon (right), Randy Bennett (above right) and Marl! Barreca (above kji), pius sophomort Grq Kamarulry haw betn IIty pia)'trs throughout tM season. 

UCSD lacrosse, 
both the men's and women's teams, saw a 
lot of action this weekend . On Saturday 
the men defeated UC Berkeley, 17-16, 
while the women defeated Claremont. On 
Sunday the men again went back into 
action, dropping a 9-7 decision to UCLA. 
after leading by twO with eight minutes to 
play. See funher details in Thursday'S 
issue. 

Monday, Feb. 25, 1985 15 

Roberts VW - VOLVO 
~~914.VW.BMW ~ ~ "f!!!!J' AudiServ. 8 ...... 

German Car Specialists 

Study around the world, visiting Japan. Korea. 
~WUl. Hong Kong. Sri Lanka. India. Egypt. 
Turkey. Greece and Spain. Our 100 day voyages 
sail in February and September offering 12-15 
transferable hours of credit from more than 60 voyage-
related courses. 
The S.S. UNIVERSE is an American-built ocean 
liner, registered in Liberia. Seme.ter at Sea admits 
students without regard to color, race or creed . 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 
Monday·Friday 8 am • 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am . 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 
(619) 454-3705 
(619) 275-1132 

.. 
...-111 • • 
--

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA. 92109 

* We use and rf(:ommend Ke"" ~ Lubricants to our customers * 

---------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

"(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Nol valid with any olher couPlin) 

For details call toll-free (800) 854-0195 
or write: 

Seme.ter at Sea 
In.titute for Sbipboard Education 

Unbentt,. ofPltta~. 2E JlWbe. QaaclraDCle 
Pitt.burp. PA 15280 

Slide Presentations 
Thursday, February 25 

4 pm and 7 pm 
Imemational Center Lounge 



16 Monday, Feb. 25, 1985 

Guardian classifieds sell!! 
~ry them and find out for yourselfl 
Fbp to the back cover for more information, or call 452-3466, 

WANTED: 
Revelle College 

Resident Advisors 
for 1985-1986 School Year 
• Obtain referral from Student Employment 

first, then ... 
• Obtain application from Revelle Resident 

Dean's Office 
• Applications due March 4, 1985. 

For more information call 452-3025 
or attend one of the Orientation Sessions: 

February 25 & 27 - 7:30 pm - Revelle Formal Lounge 
February 26 - 7:30 pm - Revelle Apt. Lounge 

With Hertz , you can see Europe from a firM class 
compartment that SlOPS anywhere you want and goes 
whenever you're read y. And whether you share that com-
partment with three friends or just one, Hertz will cost 
you less than Eurail. At a level of convenience thai takes 
the commotion au t of locomotion . 

As long as you're 18 years old you can rent a car from 
Hertz ~ And you can re 'erve it just seven days before 
renting, without paying in advance . What'~ more, our 
rate are guaranteed. And there's never a charge for mile-
age. Plus, by renting from HerlL you can get di~counts at 
over 3,000 hotels throughout Europe. 

For detail~ and reservations, talk to a travel agent or 
call Hertz at 1-800 654·3001. Because even ., you're on a ~tu­
dent budget, you shouldn't have to see Europ on a pa~~. 

BUSINESS AND 
TECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
/through age 34) in tinandal 
and logistic support. The Navy 
Supply Corps needs highly 
qualified, dynamic indMduals 
to lead and manage large 
inventory and finandal 
networks. Salary SI8,500 to 
start, S34,ooo after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need a.V8S, u.s. dtizenship. 
C ... N., .. ~ .... ent 
Progr ...... 293-6746. 
Mon-Wed ..... 4pm. 

R 

,L 
I 
N 

• I 
G 
• 

0 , U 0 
C cl 0 

0 K 
0 S 

WRITE SPO 
FORTH 

GUARD N 
ANDG T 

opAl 0 

) 

Sports Slab 
Tuesday, February 26 

Me n's baseball vs. San Diego State, at home, 2:30 pm, 
W o men's tenn is vs. PI. Lorna Naza rene, at home, 3 pm. 

Wednesday, February 27 
Women's softball at San Diego State, L:30 pm. 

Thursday, February 28 
Men's baseball vs. Southern Utah State, at home, 2:30 pm. 
Women's tennis vs. San Diego Mesa (S), at home, 3 pm. 

Thursday, February 28-Friday, March I 
Men's tennis at Pacific Coast Doubles Tournament, in LaJoUa, all day. 

Friday, March J 
Men's and women's golf vs. Pt. Lorna , at El Cajon, I pm. 
Women's swim vs. USD, at home, 4 pm, 
Women's tennis vs. Westmont, at home , 2 pm. 
Men's volleyball vs. Penn State, at home, 7:30 pm. 

Saturday, March 2 
Men's baseball vs. UC Riverside, at home, 12 pm. 
Women's softball vs. Cal Lutheran, at Thousand Oaks, 12 pm. 
Men 's swim vs, Pepperdine , at home, 12 pm. 
Women's tennis vs. Western Michigan , at home, lO am. 
Men's and women 's track at Long Beach State Relays, lO am. 
Men's volleyball vs. Long Beach Slate, at home, 7:30 pm. 

Monday, F~b 25, 1985 17 

Saturday, March 2-Sunday, March 3 
W o men's fencing at NCAA Western Regional Champ ionsh ips, in 
Pasadena, aU day . 

VCSD suifer Craig Schieber helped the Tritons place second in their last NSSA competition. 
The suif team's next contest will be March 2-3 at Hunti ngton Beach. 

MATTHEW 8IW:RICK IN 
A RICHARD OONNER FILM 

Warner Bros. and Twentieth Century Fox ~esent 
, MATTHEW BRODERICK 
RUTGER HAUER· MICHELLE PFEIFFER 

A LAUREN SHULER PRODUCTION 
A RICHARD OONNER FILM 

"LADVHAWK£" LEO McKERN· JOHN WOOD Story by EDWARD KHMARA Screenplay by EDWARD KHMARA aro MICHAEL THOMAS 
aro TOM MANKIEWICZ MuSIC Coo1po~ aM Conducted by APIlREW POWEll Photography by VITTORIO Sl()RARO 

Consultant TOM MANKIEWICZ Executive Prodocer HARVEV BERNHARD PrOOuced by RICHARO DONNER aro LAUREN SHULER 
Directed by RICHARD DONNER A MI(~~=r:s-~' 

Read IheSlgnet Paperback [XJt~=t ,""_ ... . _-", .. .... -

FREE SCREENING 
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28 

8:00 PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

spclllSlnd by 
IIIMItSlTY EVENTS IIFICE 

UNMISITY Of CAUFOINIA, SAIl DIEGO 
Tkkets av.IeWe at the ~Mnity !If Callfumi. at 

Sa, Diego lox OffIci. 

RGEN 
Research Donors 

Needed 
Current developments in 
biomedical technology 
demand your p lasma . 

Payment up to $35 or more, In cash 
Hove you hod: 

Hepatitis • Active syphilis 
Active measles 

Recent rubella immunization 

Or are you a : 
RH negative woman 

(non-child bearing age) 
Call for Information: 

226-1733 

Trlmar Blo~lcs 
3340 Kemper Street, Suite 104 

(Just off Micrway Drive) 

EDUCRlOHAL 
CENTER 

TtST __ TlON ~TSIIICI_ 

Call Days Eves & Weekends 

s.-.N DIEGO CENTER 
2180 G.AANET 2D 

PACIFIC BEACH, CA 92109 
(61 9)27~10 

M.l. McNUlTY, ADMINISTRATOR 

~c........ "''''''''''' UI tMt , ..... 
" ............ ........ -. 

OUTSIOU , STAl! calL IOU ' .. I_HI-I III 
In"... "111<' Slott SIM>Ioy H ~ [duUllDNI Cen10flld 



Alcohol Policy 
Dear Student, 

Recently a large amount of controversy and 
discussion has erupted over the proposed changes in 
the alcohol policy on campus. This is an issue of grave 
concern to both the administration and the students -
although it only affects the latter. The proposal from the 
ad hoc committee on alcohol and substance abuse was 
created with the best intentions. We believe , however, 
that tighter and more stringent policies as proposed do l 
not address the issue and will in fact create other 
problems. In short, we believe that if these policies are 
implemented, the quality of student life on this campus 
win be jeopardized. 

To better address the problem of alcohol _ ane 
substance abuse, we must tum attention away from 
stricter rules and regulations and move toward a policy 
of educating and promoting responsibility. In order to 
best maintain these ethics and continue the existing 
programs and activities on this campus, we must 
develop a workable and more realistic set of policies and 
procedures. We, the students, realize that we are the 
ones who are affected by this type of policy, and thus it 
is our responsibility to draft and institute guidelines that 
we can all live by. 

It is for this reason that the Students For Responsible 
Drinking (SFRD) exists. SFRD will develop a reasonable 
set of policies that both address the issue and create 
programs that specifically deal with our problems. This 
committee will consist of students and administrators 
interested in meeting these goals. 

The Associated Student council fully endorses the 
intent and purpose of this committee to deal with these 
complicated issues. If you are interested in learning 
more about this matter, please call or stop by the AS 
office (student center above EDNA). 

Marc Boroditsky, AS President 
Maty Rose Alexander, Vice-President 

"Wobblies" 
and "Salt of the Earth" 

Friday, March 1 at 7 pm 
TLH 107 FREE! 

Show your concern for Central America 
Help organize Central America Week. Come [0 the 

Progressive Students Association meetings Mondays at 5 pm 
in the Che Cafe. Central America Week is May 5-lO. Our 
aim is to make everyone at UCSD more aware of events in 
Central America and in Washington, D.C. We have got 
tllms, speakers, debates, art shows, music , readings -
everything but enough help. If you can't make the meetings, 
call Aileen at 454-8091 or Dan at 292-8698. 

.... ~, 

TGI F ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

Give yourself a break. Check 
out the next TG I F. March 1st. 

"The Third-World Debt Crisis" 
Jeff Herman-Gutierrez, a representative of 
the UN High-Commissioner of Refugees 
will be speaking on this topic Thursday, 
Feb. 28 from 6-8 pm in South Conf. Rm., 
downstairs at Student Ctr. Bldg. "B." 

SrJonsored by the ASUCSD 

Let's Get Physical 
That is the theme for ZBTs upcoming bash, Saturday, 

March 2 in the Rec Gym. Can you handle sweating and 
rockin' out to two hot bands - Limbo Slam and The Fan 
Club -' for 4 hours of Physical Fun! There will be 
refreshments for those who cannot control their respiration. 
So come party and I mean Party in your sweat socks and skin 
tights! Tickets on sale at the Box Office this week. 

Going once, going twice, SOLD! 
That is what you are going to be hearing on Sunday, 

March 3 from 1-4 pm when the Catholic Student 
Coordinators hold a fun-raising, foot stomping, old-
fashioned (7) auction! With goods donated from all over, we 
are hoping to raise money to help get more students on our 
famous spirit-lifting retreats. Come on over and see what we 
have to offer. It will be held at the University Lutheran 
Church on the comer of North Torrey Pines and La Jolla 
Shores Drive. Bring a friend and we'll see you there. 

A speaker on the communications field 
The Communication Club and Women in 

Communication present Mike Kurtz of Western Video &: 
Film. Check out the possible opportunities on Thursday, 
Feb. 28 at 5 pm in MCC 200. Please come, this is the last 
meeting of the quarter. 

Combating depression workshops 
Wednesday, Feb . 27 in the Revelle Informal Lounge from 

9 to lO:30 am . Dance or movement as a means to feeling 
better. Temille Porter, M.A. 

-'-' ....... 

US Financial Aid Cuts 
May Hurt You! 

Come to a forum discussion with Tom Rutter, 
Director of Financial Aid Services at noon on 
the Revelle Plaza. Sponsored by UC Student 
Lobby Annex. 

The International Club Presents: 
Work/ Internships Abroad - A panel discussion of 

this will take place Tuesday, Feb. 26 from 3-5 pm in the 
International Center Lounge. Come learn about a variety of 
ways to gain international work experience, for pay, 
academic credit or simpy for fun! 

Study in Scandinavia - This Wednesday, Feb. 27 from 
12-2 pm in the International Center Lounge, a non-profit 
educational organization will be on campus to meet with 
students interested in the College Year in Scandinavia 
program. 

" Participate in Cinco De Mayo 
The next Cinco De Mayo committee meeting will be held 

Tuesday, Feb. 26 at 9 am at Mecha Office. All Raza welcomed 
to participate in the many subcommittees. For further info, 
call the office at 452-4994 and ask for Carnals Oscar or 
Carlos or Carnala Bertha. 

Find out about the life of an engineer 
Do you really know what your life will be like as an 

engineer? Come to "A Day in the Life of an Engineer" a 
round table discussion with engineers from a variety of areas 
and computer science. Wednesday, Feb. 27 at 8 pm in the 
Warren Commons Building. 

Cream!!! 
That's it, Ice Cream on the Plaza Wednesday, Feb. 27 

from noon until 2 pm (If it lasts that long) ZBTs got your 
flavor so come and get some. All the proceeds go to the 
UCSD Daycare Center, so do it for the Kids! 

BSU's Final Black History Month Movie: 

"Nothing But a Man" 
Thursday, Feb. 28 at 7 pm in North Conf. Rm. 

End Black History Month with a bang 
Come to Warren College's "African/Black Cultural Night" 

on Wednesday, Feb. 27 from 7:30 to 9:30 pm in the Warren 
Commons Bldg. $1.00 donation to Ethiopian Relief Fund. 
Food, Poetry, Film, Discussion, Music and Fun! 

Take a study break with religion 
The Campus Crusade for Christ "Study Break" presents 

"Who Do You Th ink You Are?" a Biblical perspective on self-
worth . Thursday, Feb 28 at 7 pm in Bonner Hall 2105 . 

All SOURCE Participants: 
Pick up your job assignment in front of 

EDNA on Tuesday, Feb. 26 or 
Wednesday, Feb. 27 between 11-2 pm. If 
you have any questions, please contact 
Marla Winitz at 452-4450. 

Summer is the best time to . 
do an internship! And Spring is not too early to begin 

applying! Let ASIO help you find an internship which will 
give you valuable work experience. We have hundreds of 
positions available in business, communications, health 
services, law/ government and many other fields. For more 
infonnation, stop by our office above the game room in the 
student center. We are open daily from 9-3 pm. 

More Levis are here. Shons, 
pants, dresses are all at the. 

General Store Coop 
Why Pay More? 

Open 8:45-5 pm. Mon .. Fri. 
Located in the student center 

Israel Action Committee Meeting 
We are meeting on Monday, Feb. 25 at 6 pm in the Revelle 

Fonnal Lounge. Special Guests: Rachel Grulweiss from the 
Israel! Aliyah Desk in San Diego and Francine Haselkom, 
the Southwest coordinator of the American Zionist Youth 
Foundation. For more info, call Micah at 587-0942. 

Is your car parked in a remote, unlit lot? 
Call for a free CSO escort! 

Community SeIVice Officers 
work every day of the week from 5 pm to 1 am. 

For an escon caU 452-4360. 

Society of Women Engineers meeting 
The Society of Women Engineers are having a meeting 

Wednesday, Feb. 27 from 5:30 to 7 pm in Urey Hall 2102. 
The topic "Engineering at TRW: A Woman Engineer's 
Perspective." Refreshments will be served. 

Tonight! Explosive Films! 
The Pacific Missile Test Center proudly presents 'Test &: 

Evaluation of Airborne Weapons Systems." Urey Hall 2102 
from 7-8 pm tonight. Sponsored by AIM. 

See "Romancing the Stone" 
UJS video night is Saturday, March 2 at 7 pm in the North 

Conference Room. Free Ice Cream. 



Classified IIdwrtIIlng splICe Is sold In 
l00-character Increments. Each 
Ieaer, ~ mark and space 
betIowln words Is CDNIdered a 
charadlr, with capital letters 
counting as two charaaen. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 characters for S1UdentI 
and 53 per 100 characters for non-
SIUdentI. You ,..,. come by the ofIIce 
or mall In )4OUr ad, as we require 

~ In adwInce of publlCMIon. 
Delldllnes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thunday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSD, H16, UI Jolla, CA 
92093. 

-Money, credit, prc,iLcicaI experience in writing, fame, fortune, polNer and the 
chance to put your classified at the top of 
the "announcements" section. Find out 
what else a Guardian internship holds 
for you. 452-6580, ask for Phil Lauder. 
(2/25) 

Ayn Rand Readers and students of 
O~m ~ting every Sunday, 11 
am-2 pm. ~ Savings of ~ca, 4311 
La Jolla Village Drive, Universit}' TOv.n1e 
Centre. (3/14) 

Violin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (6/6) 

Earn a Free Ski Trip & Sloo.OO cash. For 
information call 714-750-0861. (3/14) 

"So you want to be a Muir HA. T Apps 
available. Pick up job referral OW4329 
at Stu Employment. Call 452-4200. 
(2/25) 

Muir HA. apps available through Tues., 
2/26. Pick upjob referral #OW4239 at 
Student Employment. (2/25) 

Want to make at least S50/day 
wo/interrupting your studies. Call 
anytime. Damon & Channing 942-5436. 
(3/11) 

lose from 1~29 Ibs in just one month 
guaranteed or your S back. Call anytime, 
Damon & Channing 942-5436. (3/11) 

Partyl Dana Hall Presents: The Pumps-
live Sat March 2. 9:00 Warren Bsktball 
Cts, Matthews Dorms. 2 bucks gets you 
all the dandng & refreshments you can 
handlel (2/25) 

FREE CONCERTI KELLY WIlLARD OF 
MARANATHA RECORDS Saturday 
March 9th 7:15 pm University City High 
School Auditorium. Sponsored br. 
calvary Chapel of La Jolla (Mission Bay . 
453-7397. (3/7) 

Wonder what it's like to be an 
Emergency Room Physician, Nurse, 
Paramedic, or EMT7 Bring a lunch and 

corn~ find out this Friday, March I from 
12-1 North Conference Room-Across 
from EDNA. Refreshments. (2/28) 

Having trouble with gov. loans and 
grants? Private sector financial aid may 
be your pot of gold at the end of the 
rainbowl Kam 455-6982. (2/25) 

Partyl Fan Club & limbo Slam rock you 
for a workout Sat. March 2 in the rec 
gym. Get physical w/ZBT. (2/28) 

FREEl Haircuts in exclusive LaJolla salon. 
If interest~ call AUREl WON at 459-
9610. (3/11) 

Intensive Sum~r Language: Try out a 
new language during the Monterey 
Institute of International Studies 31st 
summer of intensive instruction. 
Elementary and intermediate classes in 
Arabic, Chinese, French, German, 
Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, 
Russian and Spanish . Nine-week 
program begins June 17 and offers up to 
12 semester units of college credit. Write 
MilS Admissions/SS/. 425 Van Buren, 
Monterey, CA 93940 for brochures and 
application. (2/28) 

Ice cream in the Plaza Wed. Feb. 27 at 
noon. Lotsa flavors. ZBT serves 'em upl 
(2/25) 

ijRIIBHWBI II 
Stereo: Sony receiver, new 5450, now 
S119. Akai receiver, new S250, now S119; 
Bic turntable, new SI80, now 569. 
Pioneer receiver new S130, now S59; 
Sansui receiver, new S270, now S129. 
Surfboard, S39. Call mlo 942-3342. 
(2/25) 

BASS/KEYBD AMP. Excellent Fender 2-
Channel/70 watts per. Groove tubes, 
ground switCh, all great shape. 
S200/offer. Mike 286-9825. (3/4) 

Surfboards for sa leI 6'4" Downing 
Hawaii single fin, 6' Becker twin tin, S75 
each. Call 457~955. (2/28) 

1979 Honda Civic, only 33,000 miles, 
excellent condo FM stereo cassette. 
Tuned-up. S3295. 453-2389. (2/25) 

Queen size H20 bed bookcase 
headboard, heating pad, mattress COlIer, 
used for 2 wks. Must sell. SI80 or best. 
Felix after 6 pm. 457-0291. (2/25) 

McCC1j surfboard, 3 fin, lazor zap. Needs 
some \NOrk. S30 or best. Felix after 6 pm 
457-0291. (2/25) 

FOR Y\LE. Two surfboards, 5'10" Dove 
Trifin, S120. 6'0" Airwaves, S140. Call 
Matt 695-8714. (2/28) 

ForSale. 79 Toyota Crolla. 86,000 miles. 
Call 481-6941 evening or 452-3580-
Kay days. S3,OOO. (2/28) 
ALVA Skateboardl Fun, reliable 
transportation. Runs \Nell. S20 or best 
offer. Call Matt 453-9254 War. Apts. 
(3/4) 
Compact stereo system by Sanyo. Dou-
ble tape deck, graphic equalizer, tuner 
and speakers. Need to pay rent 5165. 
Call Canol,. at 457-1943 or 452-6580. 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Andy 
Laurence 279-8056. (3/14) 

Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush jobs 
speda/ty/Flexible hrs. La Jolla . 457-
3842. (3/14) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many 
type styles to choose from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery, quality work, FASnll 
S2/page (double spaced) . Call 
Interactive Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
(3/11) 

EXPERT TYPING, Word Processing & 
Tape Transcription. Reasonable rates. 
The Key Word, 459-5818. (3/14) 

8urke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush jobs 
specialty/Flexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842. (3/14) 

Housesitting. Will sit for prof. going on 
leave for 1 mo. plus. Xlnt refs. David-
225-6995, 226-4318. (3/14) 

Typing/Word Processing-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. 
Rushjobs accepted. (3/4) 

Transcription. Standard cassette or mini. 
S1.50 pp/draft/no proof. Full Typing 
Service. 45~1509. (2/251 

Fern needed to share large mstr bdrm-
spacious condo, U Vllge area, pool, 
jacuzzi . . . gr~at environmentl Only 
SI82.5011 Call eves. 45(}()155. Robin, 
Cathy, Julie. (2/28) 

Del Mar-Rental. New luxury 
to\M1home, 3 bedrm, 2-1/2 bath, near 
beach. With decorator drapes, flooring, 
upgrades, deck & trellis. Includes wid, 
dishwasher, microwave, pool, spa & 
sauna. Available 3/16. SI,300/month. 
755-4327. (2/25) 

Roommate needed for huge Mission 
Beach apt. S200 & uti/. 2 houses from 
beachl Available now. Call 483-1383. 
(3/7) 
1 or 2 roommates to share a room in the 
Genesee Highland area. March 1 to..AJ~ 
31. Call 45(}()328 and ask for Kathi or 
U/ia . Rent SI50.oo/month. (2/25) 

Does one ~ of spring skiing sound 
xciting? .How bout one week of ~ndless 
partying 7 Or maybe you want a week of 
relaxing? Jackson Hole, Mar. 23-30 is 
the place you wanna ~. Just 5287 at 
box off. or x4037. (2/251 

Want~: Travel partn~r for European 
trip. Leave late July, start in London. 
Budget-minded. Stacy483-9968. (2/25) 

leslie S: Midterms are finally over-it's 
time to get together. Watch this space 
for details. Secret Admirer. (2/25) 

Chris A-Have any communicable 
diseases you'd like to share on your lr 
day? Come by M-l01 Happy 8irthday 
Love, Kimll (2/25) 

Hey Jack and Jill-Thinking about a 
career in the Emergency Medical 
Services? Bring a lunch and check it out. 
This Fri. March 1, 12-1, North Conferenc~ 
Room-in the Student C~nt~r. 
Refreshments served. (2/28) 

Phi Delts: It's going to be a BROWN, 
BROWN YEAR. (2/25) 

Are you ready to Party? Get Pl¥ical 
w/ZBT Sat March 2 in the rec gym. Be 
therel (2/28) 

Happy 8irthday He/dill A big t\Nent}'. W~ 
~ ya, Your Roomies. (2/25) 

Kim, Can it be true? You re~~? 
Phil. (2/25) 

Ice Creaml Come and get itl Wed. Feb. 
27 Revelle Plaza 12 o'clock til it runs out. 
Do it for the kids. (2/25) 

tffHiiD1111111 
n_n~l! ~,=,~~~~~,~~~ 

IMU~NCE WARI We'll ~any poee ~ • ~ IMII 

Housemate wanted to share large two 
story house in u.c. Microwave, TV. and 
laundry facilities avai/' Clean non-
smokers only please. S235/mo. 453-
1997. Please leave message. (2/281 

or we don't want your bUSiness. Tickets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSD PLAN. 
(3/14) 

La Jolla Astro Services. Analysis of all 
prospects of }Uur relationship. Call 456-
0626. (3/18) 

Found: Orange backpack on 2/14 in 
Revelle lot Call Bob at 295-4442-keep 
trying. (2/25) 

lost Mink (furry) glasses case, on Muir 
or Third College. R~rd o~red. Call 
would be appreciated. 481-6746. (3/4) 


