
Sun God Festival '85 

see page 7 



2 Matula\, Mill 13, 1985 

The Economics Department of UC D 
IS sponsoring a lecture on "US-Japan 
Compemion In High Te hnology 
Industry" at 4 pm Tuesday. May 14. In 
the Llebow AuditOrium of the BaSIC 
SCience BUilding. The lecturc IS free and 
open to the public. 

Dan OkImoto of Sr,mforJ University 
and Aoyd Kvamme of Klciller. Perkin . 
Caufield & By'ers, a venture capital 
company. are the Ie turers Okllnoto is a 
professor of polmcal scIence and 0 -
director of onheast Asia U Forum on 
International Policy He b a member of 
the ExecutIve teerlng Committee of thc 
Institute for trateglc and Intern,ltional 
Studies at tanford and author of 
Compe!I!"': Edgr Tlte Scml-ColldU[l(lJ 
Industnes It1 US alld Jal'an 

Kvamme currently ~e r\'cs on the 
board of Lotus Dewlopmcnt 
Corporation and bclore JOlnmg Kleu'ter, 
Perkins. Caufield N Byers was exc uri\'c 
\'Ice pre'ldcnt of markctlng and sales 
for Apple Computer 

For information contan ~lary Jo 
Copelan at 452-3383 Free puking ~111 
be available In the School of Medicine 
parkmg lot south of the Club 'ied 
huildlng approa hed by -Ir WIIltJm 
Osler Lane . cast of GtlmJn Dnvc. 

o 
The fundraising committee of the 

Sammy Club of UC D (Sigma Alpha Mu) 
is holding a Bounce For Beats 
promotion beginning at 12 noon on 
May 20 and ending at 2 pm May 23 at 
the Revelle College Plaza. All members of 
the Sammy Club WIll take turns 
bounCing on a trampoline fo r 50 non-
stop hours. The bouncers will collect 
pledges and donations, and all funds 
will go to the Hean AsSOCIatiOn , May is 
HIgh Blood Pressure Month. and the 
Sammy Club ha arranged for free high 
blood pre~sure screenmgs ,I[ the site of 
their event dUring scheduled hours. This 
is the fIrst fundraiser the club has 
developed . and members InVite one and 
all to help raise funds and fun . For 
more information , call 453-5381. 

o 
Robyn Hunt. a VIsiting lecturer of the 

Communication Depanment. will speak 
on . Live Performance and Original 
Texts: Old/ ew Notions of Community 
and Response Ability" Wednesday. May 
15 at noon in the Media 
Communication Center, room 20l. 
Students and staff are InVited lO attend . 

o 
Dr. Richard A, Firtel , a UCSD biology 

professor. Will lecture on "Molecular 
Approaches to Cell Type Differe ntiation 
In Dicty'ostelium" at San Diego Sta te 
Unlvers!ty' , Thursday. May 16.3:30 pm 
in room 148 of the PhYSICS BUilding. 
The Molecular BlOlogy InstHute eminar, 
hosted by Dr Judith Zysklnd . IS open to 
the public. 

o 
A group of UC Santa Bamara 

students. in an cHon to take a bite out 
of world hunger. IS sponsonng Endi ng 
World Hunger Week at UCSB May 13-
17 The week's events Will focus on 
educating students, as well as the 
community. on the reaItlIes of the 
hunger LSsue. A Fast-A- Than and 
dIstingUished speakers. such as fran es 
Moore Lappe. the author of Dler For a 
Small Plane! , will highlight some of the 
week's many events. For more 
mformatlon contact (805) 968-5300 

o 
Volunteer counselors to proVide 

informanon lO pregnant women and 
health care profeSSIOnals about 
substances potenllally hazardou to 
unborn hables are needed by the 
CahfornlJ TemlOgen Regl,try .It UC'iD 

Medi al Center. 
"We receive about 10.000 calls a year, 

and we rely on the help of volunteers to 
In ure that all Inquiries are addressed ," 
said Robm Aylor. volunteer coordinator. 
Volunteers are asked to contribute four 
hours a week. WIth a minimum six-
month commitment. Traming and 
lectures are proVided to new counselors. 

Estabhshed SIX years ago. the registry 
provide the latest mformation on the 
harmful effects of chemicals. drugs and 
other agents (Jken dUrIng pregnancy In 
addition, the regIstry serves as a data 
c lleCllons center to help Idenllfy new 
teratogemc substances (those harmful to 
the fetus) . 

"Bmh defects caused by drugs, 
chemicals and Infections arc completely 
preventable: Aylor said . "To eItmmate 
these unnecessaI)' tragedll.>s, we are 
educating pregnant women ahout 
harmful suhstances " 

The reglstr\, not only fields calls from 
pregnant women throughout the stale 
AYlOr s,lId hut from phYSICian who 
reque t mformatlon on temtogenlt. 
agents The TerJtogen Registry staff 
reviews scientlftc Journals constantly In 
order to keep Jbreast of the newest 
Informution in the field. Information 
gathered by the Registry proVide 
answers to quesllons previously 
unanswered due to limited sCientific 
research. Aylor said. 

Potential teralOgens are Identified 
through a free follow-up examination 
offered for babies born to women who 
were exposed to suspected teratogens 
during pregnan y Kenneth Lyons Jones. 
MD. the medIcal advisor of the registry. 
examines the newbom babies for any 
signs of birth defects or devdopmental 
problems 

An Orientation program for new 
counselors is planned In late May. 
Persons interested m counseling through 
the Teratogen Registry should call 294-
3507. 

o 
The aquarium at UCSD's Scripps 

Institution of Oceanogrdphy is 
sponsonng a senes of "beachcomber 
walks" along the San Diego County 
beaches once a month beginning 
Sunday. May 19. 

The walks , covering coastal areas from 
the MeXican border to the Orange 
County hne, will give panicipants an 
0ppol1unity to explore local beaches 
and to leam about marine life and near-
shore environments. An aquarium 
naturalist will guide the waLks. which 
WIll be about tWO hours long and not 
more than four miles In length . 

The first beachcomber walk, set for 2-
4 pm on Sunday, May 19, WIll hegm at 
the Border Field ScatI' Park in imperial 
Beach, The second walk Will be 1-3 pm 
on Sunday. June ) 6, by the Hotel del 
Coronado In Coronado. The third walk 
WIll be 12:30-2:30 pm on Sunday. July 
14, in Ocean Beach. 

Other future walks will be at 
Tourmaltne Surfing Park tn Pacific 
Bea h. Coast Walk In LaJolla. Camp 
Pendleton Beach and San Onofre tate 
Beach, ' 

The fee for each beachcomber walk is 
$5 for adults and $3 fOI children under 
age 12. For information call Sclipps • 
Aquarium at 452-4578. 

o 
Persons suffering from actIve 

symptoms of rhinitis (hay fever) are 
needed for a UCSD MedIcal Center 
study testing the effectiveness of an 
antihiswmlne medication whIch should 
not cause drowstness. 

Patients acce pted for the study are 
reqUired to make three VISitS to the 
Medical (enter dUrIng the dUrdtIon 01 

~---------~----------~ ..- .-1-+- -
~ - t- f- - r - I-t-r ,. - I - .-
f- -rr -

:J. f-~ .. ~ I - ~ :. ~'" ~. II'" ' I~ ~t-f · ... ~~ t- ~ ~ L ~ '- . I .... P'l r .... II , .... .. 
" 

I. .... • rw \011" - ~ , ..... 1"-' ~- .... 1- Io!I H - - -
.1:1 

.,. 
- .-1:,, 1- :- 1- ~~ - f- ..: :/1 I:L 'I 11/ r"ICI 

--=-F .... l"" v ~ ,~ 

Cover: The second big campus get-together in a 
week (after the Open House) saw thousands of 
UCSD students get happy at the Sun God Festival. 
Food, games, clowns, jugglers and dunking booths 
were among the attractions in this second-annual 
event, held on the lawn in front of everyone's favorite 
campus mascot. See page 7. 
News: Lt. Gov. Leo McCanhy comes to San Diego to discuss 
the need and feasibility of UC Regents divestment from 
companies doing business in South Africa. 
Opinions: A viewpoint places Zionism on the individual 
spectrum, rather than that of the government. One letter 
attempts to scold CaIPIRG's electoral tactics , while anmher 
blasts the AS for calli ng the students ignorant be ause of their 
referendum vme. Doonesbury, though , shines on. 
Perspectives: One man's travel along miles of mirages where 
love disappears as he approaches, 
Sports: The National Championship and a whole lot 
more ... women's tennis went for the guSto in Pennsylvania. 
Also, the resident sports perspectives writer sounds off about 
the dilemma of Padre mania. 
Plus ... The Weekly Calendar 

COVER PHOTOS BY RICH PEC]AK & JOHN ASHLEE 

the two-week study. Financial 
compensation is provided for 
panicipants. 

For information call Dr. Stephen 
Wasserman or Dr. Dtana Marquardt at 
294-6911 or 294-5982. 

o 
The University Council/AFT has filed 

close to 2.000 petitions signed by 
University of California re earchers and 
professionals calling for a collective 
bargaining election . These researchers 
and profeSSionals are members of the 
Public Employees Relations Board 
determined Unit 19. the Non-Senate 
Academic Research Professional Unit. 
On Friday. May 3, PERB determined 
this showing sufficient to call the 
eleCtion. The election will decide if the 
more than 3,500 members of the unit 
\\~ll be represented by the UniversllY 
Counci l/AFT m coUective bargaining 
with the UniverSity of California. 

Unit 19 includes researchers and 
profeSSionals who are non-Senate 
academics and who are in the following 
title series: specialist. agonomlst, 
research , post-grad researchers, 
contInumg educatIon speciahst. and 
coordinator of public programs The 
unit ranges across all nine campuses, 
Lawrence Berkeley Labs, SCripPS 
Institution of Oceanography, Lick 
ObservatOry and va rious other sites. as 
well as Co-op Extension and University 
ExtenSIon , 

Nancy Elnor. president 01 the 
UniversIty .Council / AFT, saId she IS 
pleased WIth the response, and support 
of the initial effol1. "We reached them 
on Issues basIC to theIr working 
conditions and environment and 
prolessional hves. Such Issues as greater 
conllnuity of employment, I.e ., multI -
year contracts, the right to be project 
pnm.lpJI In\'cstlgator. and prote tions of 
academic freedom to pursue research of 
one's ImeTCstS at the University , as well 
as professional recognition of one 's 
work. were topmost in peoplc 's minds 
Other Issues we heard votced i neluded 
the right to an effective process for 
rc olvmg problems. such .IS .I btndmg 
grievance proced Uri' •• Iccess to sabbutical 

leaves, parking. benefIts and range 
adjustments." 

The University Council/AFT is ' 
looki ng forward to an election next fall 
and to a full discussion and campaign. 

o 
Student Health ~rvices is sponsoring 

a logo contest, and the wtnner's design 
will be made into the official t-shirt of 
the Student Health Advocates. 

In addition to recognition and glory, 
the winner WIll also have a choice of 
prizes: a waiver of the summer Student 
Health fec , a free eye exam , or a free 
dental exam and cleaning. 

All entries should reflect health and 
well-being, must be in black and white 
on a 4"x6" or half-sheet of paper, must 
include the words "UCSD Stude~lt 
Health Service ," and mUSt be reducible 
to no smaller than one square inch. All 
desIgns must be attached to an offiCIal 
entry form or a sheet of SIIl"x 11 " paper 
With name , address . phone and college. 

Entries can be submitted to Student 
Health Services, room S or mailed to 
Janice Yuwller, Q-039. The deadline is 
Friday. May 17.-LP 

o 
The Physical Education Depanment 

and Student Health Services want 
students to Jom In celebrating Me, 
Because the month of May is Health 
and Fitness Month. UCSD will 
experIence a "Celebration of bfe." 

For the next three consecutive 
Wednesdays, activItIes and information 
penaining to health . phys ical fitness 
and diet will be made available. 

hom 12-1 pm , May 15 and 22, 
everyone IS tnvl ted LO pantclpate in an 
aerobics workout in front of the gym, 
On May 29, from 12-1. also on the gym 
steps, the PE Department Will be giving 
body composition tests and the Studelll 
Health Advocates will be available for 
blood pressure screening. Campus 
dietiCIan Barbara Haggerty' will be 
answering questions on nutrition , and 
Dr. Tom W, Harris and with Vicki 
CUtting will be speak ing Jbout ncxihility 
and ItS role 111 Ihe prevention of 
InJUrlCS.- L.P 

- Rente Wenrick 

/II/' llday, May 13, 1985 3 

Lt. Governor supports UC divestment 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Nt'ws Editor 

LT. GOV. LEO McCARTHY. ex-officio member of the UC Board of Regents. told a small g,uheri ng 
of local co llege media Thursday that he 
"Will support plans to achieve maximum 
responsible divestment." 

He added , however. that the ~egents 
have an "obligation ,., to fulfill [he 

McCarthy said that by 
the June meeting of the 
Regents, an acceptable 
plan would be had for 
n(ar -total divestment. 
fiduciary responsibility that we have to 
the University's retirees and to the 
prospective retirees of the University 
faculty and staff who make the 
University work. The fiduciary 
responsibility is set out by state luw. and 
that duty is very clear . . .. It's a very 
serious duty." 

McCanhy said that maximum 
responSible divestment is "as close as 
we can get to a full divestment as we 
can make the case for. and I will . .. try 
to make the strongest case poSSIble." 

McCal1hy expressed confidence that 
by the June meeting of the Regents. an 
acceptable plan would be had for near-
LOcal divestment, and added that it was 

the l.:sponsibilllY of the Regents to 
come up with that plan. 

'The .Issumption of some regents 
already IS that we can not meet those 
fidUCiary obligations unless we invest aU 
of our pension fnnds in the Standard 
Jnd Poor 500. I think that we must 
continue to Invcst In many of the 
Stand<lrd and Poor, but .. two-thirds of 
the Standard and Poor companies do 
not invest in South Africa," he said. 

He said that some regents see the 
issue of financ ial responsibil ity for the 
$2.4 billion at issue, which mostly 
represents faculty and staff pension 
fu nds. as beIng their primary concern 
over the South African problem, 

McCarthy said it is not pOSSible to 
argue for divestment strictly on the 
grounds of moral offenses committed in 
South Africa. and added. "My interest is 
in tryIng to reach a conclusion which 
makes some significant change. 

"What I'm really trying to 
communicate In my statements around 
California whenever I'm discussing this 
is that as an individual. of course. I 
would attach tremendous weight to the 
kind of brutality that's being inflicted 
upon South African blacks. (But) I'm 
trymg to figure out how I can get a 
majority vote from the Board of 
Regents," he said . 

"We can't enter into this cavalie rly 
with the viewpoin t that we can invest In 
anything. From what I've learned so 
far, . .. we can make prudent 
investments with a good yield to meet 

,SENIORS TO BE SHOT 
MAY 15, 16, 17 

u.c. San Diego (DELMA NEWS) Due to the 
unprecedented response by the seniors of U.C.S.D., 
DELMA STUDIOS, our official Yearbook 
photographers, have made special arrangements to have 
their portrairphotographer on campus for three extra 
days, May 15, 16, and 17. All seniors not yet 
photographed this year are encouraged to set an 
appointment IMMEDIATELY, before it's too late to 
be included in the 1984/ 85 Triton Yearbook. 

For your convenience, the photographer is moving 
closer, to the second floor Multi~Purpose room of the 
Student Center building. 

There will not be a telephone at that location, so you 
will need to make your appointment as soon as possible. 
In fact, why wait? CALL RIGHT NOW! The number 
is 587~1589. 

Having your portrait taken 

Suspect 

for the Yearbook is 
absolutely FREE 
OF CHARGE, 
and where else can 
you become a part 
of school history 
for FREE? 

Remember, 
that's May 15, 16, 
and 17 for your 
shot at immortal~ 
ity, or you will 
undoubtedly re~ 
gret it the rest of 
your lifel 

587-1589 

our fiduciary obhgJtlons, and that IS the 
case that I WIU tty to make. 

"While rnany arc prote ting apanbeid 
and the UniverSitys finanCial support of 
corporations which are working with 
the apartheid government, they may not 
attach the weight to thiS second set 01 
(fi nancial) responsibilities that they 
should. The Regents must ," he said. 

Despite protestors' OrigInal demands 
to have the Regents vote on divestment 
at the May 16-17 meeti ng, McCarthy 
said it will definitely take place in June 
when there will be a "very useful 
probably four hours of presentation of 
data surrounding this whole Issue." He 
also confirmed tht the meeting has been 
moved from Santa Cruz to a high-
security building in San Francisco. 

McCarthy explained his case for 
divestment: "The basic issue is . should 
public institutions in the US suppon a 
nation 's government that so 
systematically denies every basic human 
right that is the essence of what we 
stand for? No freedom of speech, no 
freedom of the press. no freedom to 
become educated . no freedom to seek 
elective office " cenainly in the federal 
government. no freedom for many to 
vote. So all of the things that make 
America what it is are systematically 
denied. 

"I don't have the naive assumption 
that the US can impose all of its beliefs 
on other nations. On the other hand . I 
have a very clear view that when a 
country goes to such extremes to deny a 

major egment of its popula ti on any of 
the hasic rights that we cherish . the n 
public ins[l(utions like the University of 
California should not economically 
sustaIn such governments." . 

McCarthy !iPld the Sulltvun Pnnclples 
are ll1adequate . "Thats a luudable erfort. 
but It IS sUlh a small pan of the 

"We can make 
prudent investments 
with a good yield to 
meet our fiduciary 
responsibilities. " 

problem in South Africa that achieving 
job desegregation does not reaUy 
respond to the basic issue." 

McCarthy said he thought the efforts 
of student demonstrators were having a 
qualitative effect on the Board of 
Regents. -I think the attention of 
deCISIon makers IS often hard to get 
because they' re focused on a number of 
different issues. That's particularly true 
of people In elective offices. It's also true 
to some degree in the Board of Regents . 
So, I think that any public expressIons. 
panicularly ones that are peaceful and 
are nonviolent and that send out signals 
of statements of conscience. I believe 
pOSitively impress the public." u:n 

$ PRESIDENT'S UNDERGRADUATE 
FELLOWSHIP 

$ 
The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 

Competition for 1985-86 is now open. This program is 
designed to assist exceptionally talented undergraduate 
students to cany out special studies and/or projects under 
faculty supervision during term time and/or vacation, Such 
projects may include research and/ or other creative 
activities. 

A stipend is awarded for each winning project and is 
scaled to established need as reftected in the cost of the 
project. 

Applications are available in your College Student Financial 
Services office in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents will 
be MI!Iy 24, 1985. 

DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
FELLOWSHIP 

The David JayGambee Fellowship Competition for 1985-86 
is now open. David Jay Gambee was a Revelle student who 
was killed in a tratrlc accident just prior to the 1978-79 
academic year. A fellowship fund has been set up in his 
memory to assist undergraduate students to cany out special 
studies and projects in Student Government and/or 
ecological values clartftcation. 

Such studies and projects may include research and/or 
other aea~ actMtIes. The program requirements are the 
same as for the President's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program Competition. 

Applications are available In your college Student Financial 
ServIces otnce in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission ot all required documents will 
be /!My 24, 1985. 



Viewpoint 

Backing the individual Zionist 
By ALBERT A. WYNN 

Iwan A. Elwanni, m the May 9 issue 
of the Guard,an, confinns that the word 
Z,onism IS wIdely misunderstood and 
misused . 

In suppOrt of hiS l:ontentlon that 
there eXI tS a "strong relatlonship 
between Ziolllsm and apattheid ," Mr 
Elwanm outhnes economt tles between 
the Israeh government and South Afnca , 
as well as at rOCllle~ perpetrated b) 
radical ZlOlllst groups m the 1940s 

ZtOlllsm refers to the return of the 
je\\1~h people to their Blbhcal 
homeland, Israel WhIle It IS true that 
some jews, p,lSt and present. have used 
the word Zlonl~m to refe r to a pohtlcal 
Ideolog), It I, fair to "') that most jews 
today ,lsslgn to It a more cultural 
connotation That I~ to ..ay. Z,om m IS a 
love for brael ,lnd the je\\1sh hentage 
wh,c h ha, ItS rootS there along with ,I 
fervent WIsh to somedJv make ISr.lel 
one's home Zl(lnlsm I~ no way Imphe> 
complete agreement with the pohclt's of 
the government of Israel. <llthough some 
individuab, who happen to be ZtOIllStS, 
wtll defend her pohctt's tomh and nail. 
To argue that Israel',economl tles WIth 
South Afnca mean that ZtOmsm and 

apartheid share a "clear, deep-rooted 
common ground" IS tantamount to 
saylllg that to love America and tt 
hentage means US patriotism and 
apattheld are inttmately related , as we 
too ha\'e a great deal of money lIlvested 
in South Afnca. The truth of the matter 

I that there tS -no morality 111 
government. In the:: final analYSIS, only 
money and power playa role m 
detenn1l1mg a government's polICies 
both domestll:ally and Wlth respect to 

foreign affairs. Both the United States 
:md Israel have money invested in South 
Africa becau I.' it is immensely profitable , 
and both \\~ll support the status quo 
unlll such time as it becomes pohtically 
or economtc,llIy disadvantageous to do 
so. 

I am not cold-hearted , nor do I lack 
idealism. It IS not that I feel it proper for 
government~ to conduct thetr affairs in 
thiS manner. I merely clatm that this is 
the case . In light of thiS , It is clear that 

Zionism has nothing to do with Israel's 
economic policies. 

Mr. Elwanni recounts the massacres 
by the Stem and Haganah groups in 
1948 without qualification. Did these 
attacks come unprovoked1 If Mr. 
Elwanni would honestly consult histOry 
and. [ might add , hiS own conscience , 
he would see that they were. in fact, 
preceded by repeated atrocities 
perpetrated against the jews Forgemng 
this second inconSistency in Mr. 
Elwanni's argument, I would like to 
pomt out that there (1f': >GlIlf Zionists 
who are racist and who espouse thei r 
viewpoints in an unfoTtunate manner. 
Like\\1se , there are bigoued Moslems. 
Christians and Hindus, along with 
narrow-mlllded radicals, communists 
and members of the Moral MaJomy. 
Among the followers of any ideology, 
then, there are bound to be splinter-
groups whose views and methods are 
obJecllonable . An example of thiS are 
the "Pro-Ltfers" who choo c to get their 
message across by blowing up aboTtion 
chmcs. Thus , to condemn all members 
of such groups for the actions of a few 
is in itself reiudicial. 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

~®frfr®lf~nce{tlt<elf~ll®{tlt~lf~ll~fctt~Ir~n~frfr®lf~n®~fr®lf~n®frfr®lf~ncefrfr®lf~n®ili.t~rt'~n~{tlt~lr~ncefr~ceIr~~~~~~ frcerr~lettersnceili.t~Ir~ll~fctt~Ir~n®l1fr®rr~n®l1fr®rr~n®ttfr®Ir~n~frfrcert'~nce;frfrcerr~n<e{lli®lf~n~frfr<err~n® It@rr~n Ir~n~frfr®rr~n<efrfrcert'~~®frfr®1f~ll®llit®1f~nC&ttu;~;1f~n®frfr®1f~ll®frfr~Ir~n~frfr®rt'~n®frfrcert'~llcefdtcerr~n~ fr®rr~n~fr 
"Oh , CalPIRG!" 
Editor: 

The MUIr College CounCIl would like 
to vOIce our opposHlon to CaIPIRG's 
proposed destgn of the Reg Fee card 
We feel that the negatlve l:hcl:k-off 
fonnat IS IIlCOnslstCm \\ Ith CaIPIRG's 
posltlon as d puhhc Interest 
orgalllzauon The 'vIutr College CounCil 
helie\'es CalPIRG IS a very worthwhIle 
orgdlllZatlOn and supports ItS function 
as a \1able and effeclI\'e consumer 
protectlon group However, on this 
Issue , thc Council feels the proposal put 
forth by the JOint stude m-admllltstration 
comrnmee IS lear and comprehenSive: 
we see the four-alternatlve form they 
proposed as presentlllg no potential 
mlsunderstand1l1g upon payment of 
registration fees 

The CounCIl disagrees with the 
CalPIRG assertion that the 5,900 
students who Signed the referendum 
petition actually endorse the misleading 
CalPIRG Reg Fee fonn deSign . Had the 
student electorate been prese nted with 
ClIPIRG's Fonn C and the student-
adm lllistratlon's Form B, we would 

demonstrate their suppott in favor of 
the cla nry of Fonn B The CounCil 
belle\·es that the student vote In the past 
electton represents support of CalPIRG 
as an orgamzatlon and not of thetr Reg 
Fee card format. In addmon, the 
Counctl questions the speCial status 
afforded CalPIRG when consldenng the 
more than 120 student orgalllZatlOnS on 
l:ampus that could also be e!i"gible for 
placement on the Reg Fee card 

It tS for these reasons that the Muir 
College Counctl unanimously refuses to 
endorse the CalPIRG organization form 
resolull on . 

Muir College Council 

AS Dupes 
Editor: 

Last Wednesday Illght at the A.S. 
Council meellng, your newly-elected, 
polltlcally immature and inept A.S 
Council members chose to tum theIr 
backs on those to whom Lhey owe thetr 
allegiance , the students. and mstead 
submmed to the bram-washmg Jnd 
paternJhsllc reasonmg of V,l:e 

Chancellor joe Watson. 
The A.5. CounCIl voted to recommend 

the implementation of Watson's form for 
the CalPIRG fee on the registration card. 

ot only could this mean that you won't 
have a CalPIRG Chapter here on 
campus, but this move h<lS sct .. very 
dangerous precedent m the area of 
student rights . Your vOles PUt these 
people IntO office, but tnstcad of 
demanding that the student suppotted 
CaIPIRG referendum, which received a 
66% favorable vote in J campus-wide 
election , be implemented by the 
Administration, the CounCil l:hose to 
Ignore this strong student SUppOTt and 
their responsibilities as representatives of 
the students, and sided with the 
Administration. When your own elected 
leaders do not listen to you but instead 
to powerful external forces , where does 
tbat ieave you? 

Why did the Council make such a 
feeble-minded , spineless decision? Why 
did they side with joe Watson when 
many people chose to be on the other 
side of the question? Not only people 
such as Congressman JIm Bates. 

EDITOP.: PHlUP LAlA)ER 

Assemblywoman Lucy KilIea, millionatre 
and lIlI1uentiallocal I1gure Sol Price (of 
the Price Club), several department 
chairs here .l.: UCSD, provostS, faculty, 
the 1983-84 A.S. Council (which I might 
add vOIed unanimously for the resolution 
supportlllg the CaIPIR(j referendum III 
thetr last meeting of the year-thiS vote 
consequent!)' a "mature" one since an 
enure year had been spent in polillcal 
office), and last, but not least, 06% of the 
students voting in the laSt campus-wtde 
election. Why have they done this ·to us? 

I previously rnenttoned that the vote 
of the 1983-84 CounCil was a 
unanimous one in favor of the CalPIRG 
resolution . Yet, last year's Council 
members who were re-elected this year 
who had previously voted for this 
resolution , all voted against it. I ask 
these Council members, have you no 
integrity? Or, do you not have a true set 
of political beliefs, values and ideologies 
but instead political "moods" which are 
suseepllble to everything from external 
pressure, the direction the debate seems 
to he tak lIlg , and even the weather? 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

NEWS EDITOR: ~ WAGSTIVF ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR: PHIL WlLLON 
CONTRIBUTING NEWS EOITOM: um tYcCoy, I\ENf£ 'MNRICK 

OPINIONS EDITOP.: MATTHEW J, CRONIN PEP.SPECTIVES EDlTOP.: CHRISTOPHER CNoIOLE 
COPY EDITOR: .JAN HANSEN PHOTO EDITOP.: fl.OO FI\IED£NlI-W. SPOP.TS EDIT~ AlICIA.t.GOS 
ARTS EDITOR: ANOOtw KEELER ASSOCIATE ARTS EDITOP.: CH\lS y~ 
GRAPHIC ARTI STS; JOHN ASHlEE. lClNl PlONKA 
PHOTOG RAPH EPS: JOHN ASHLEE. KEVIN FOLEY, DAWN MAMlKUNlAN ROG£P..YONP.QE RICH PECJAI(, ANDY 

50ffiEY JOSHUA WElL 
STAfF WRITEP.S: MA.TT ADAMS MAAK [J/\EITENOmG Dml COHEN, JOAN FOf\SOERG. ANDI\fA HA/lJy'()N. RONA HU 

V/oJ'J HUTCHINSON CHfl.ISnNA KAUS. f\OOml I.£ONE, SUZANNE LIFSON LISA PAlKIN, JCHj 
SCHACHT, KATHLEEN SCHOll (\A.flJ)A/lA srEAl\Ns SUSAN SLllNAN LAJJflJE VOllQN DAWN 
WMflJNEI\ 

PASTE-UP ARTISTS: JOHN ASHLEE, lAUl\EN CONWAY TClNI.McOONAlD SHAI\ON NOOI, AW50N PINSKY, 5£AN 
WAGSTIVF 

TYPESETTERS: KEN FUNE. JAN HAN5[N, PtiUP I.Al.K)[I\ DANiEl TliOtMS 
BUSINESS MANAGEPS: SHENOL !VMOND, JAN HANSEN, PHL I.AUOEI\ CHRIS N4lXE 

Persecution 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 

Zionism, per sr, tS ardently anti -racist. jews have been hated by 
one group or another since the begtnning of recorded time. Who , 
then , tS more qualified (0 identify wuh racial or rcltgious 
persecution than the jews1 

The Palestlnlan Issue is complicated indeed , and no attempt will 
he made to deal with it in thIS correspondence It ~hould he 
pointed Ollt, however, that the relationship between IsraelI jews and 
Palestlnians is tn no w,ly simtlar (0 that berween outh Alrican 
blacks and whites. Personally, I am a Zionist who would like vel)' 
much to see a pennanent Palestinian homeland in the Middle EaSt. 
One must recognize that there is a fundamental stumbling block in 
thiS area. Namely, u tS that the leadership of the Palesttnians (the 
PLO and not the Palestinian people themselves) who freely admit 
that the complete destruc tion of the jewish State is their primary 
obJectlve. Throughout modem times, whenever Israel has 
relinquished land to its Arab netghbors in the pursuit of peace, that 
gesture has been betrayed. Whatever is given is never enough. Israe l 
has learned by experience to be wary of those who promise to leave 
Israel alone if it would only give up a ceTta in piece of land. 
. You will notice that I have used the words Zionists and Jews 
tnterehangeably. In one sense this is a mistake, since not all 
Zionists are Jews Uust as not all feminists are female) and not all 
jews are ZIOnists. In a larger context, this usage IS appropnate since 
it is my belief that "Anti-Zionism" is a thinly-veiled statement of 
Anti-Semitism. Therefore, in reference to the original April 22 
demonstration which prompted Mr. Gappell's article 10 the Guardian 
and Mr. Elwanm's subsequent response, it is the utmost of irony 
that some of those who feel so strongl)' about racial oppression, VIS-
a-vIs the treatment of blacks in South Africa, choose to use an anti-
ap3Ttheid forum to propagate an Anti-Zionist/ Anti-Semitic stan e. 

In conclusion, let me sat that I toO, like Mr. Gappell , am a Zionist 
and am anti-apattheid . Mr. Elwanni's contenti on that the rwo 
ideologies are incompatible leaves only rwo possibilities: He is 
ei ther ignorant or a bigot himself. The fac t that he has the audaci ty 
to suggest that Israel has explOi ted the Holocaust suggests the latter. 

Albert A, Wynn 

Open Meeting of the 
Academic Senate Committee on Faculty Welfare 

Tuesday, May 21, 1985 
3:30 or 4:00 p.m. 

[time and location to be announced in next issue of Guardian] 
The purpose of this meering is !O allow members of the academic community to present 
their views to the committee and the Academic Senate with regard' to appropriate 
University of California investment policy concerning firms doing business with and in the 
Republic of South Africa. The Senate will then consider a reso lution to the Rt'Ii ~nts on this 
matter at its next meeting. 
lndividuals who wish to make a presentation to the committee should get in touch with the 
Academic Senate Office (x3640) to apply for a place on the 3ilenda. 

FRIDAY, MAY'7 
6 pm to Mldnlght 
SATURDAY, MAY" 
Noon to Midnight 
SUNDAY, MAY'9 
Noonto6pm 
UCLA MARDI GRAS lealu,9S 
I,ve entefto.nmenl canroJOI 
fides celebutteS f,'ewOfks 
lOser SIlO'WS. a Fun House 
HQu ... 01 HOnOt. ana MUCH 
MUCHMORE ' 
r .ekels available at all 
TtCkermoSfef and IIcketron 
oullets the UCLA Centrol 
TtCk81 flCe and oltha gale 

A1lpoocHds 
to UniComp 

Amsterdam ... $648 
Madrid .......... $699 
Paris. .............. $ 719 
Athens ............ $768 

c;gUNCIL 
452-0630 

Monday, May 13, 1985 5 

PREPARATION fOR 

GMAT· LSAT· GRE 
SJn Diego Cent91 
2180 met 2D 

R:J:lfc I:lea::h, CA 92109 
(619)270-6810 

lV1 L M:/'Ulty. fldmnistrato< 
CLASSES ()\j CA'v1'LG 

l~ CENTER 
~ •• I'I • • • 1.. 1 ........ 11 ... "ol.oc j,I .. .tt. '.(I'I'W1,I<' 

NOT SURE ABOUT YOUR MAJOR? 

Come to a 

WORKSHOP 
for 

UNDECIDED MAJORS 

TUESDAY, MAY 14 
11:00-12:30 

Mountain View LounKe 
(Third College Campus) 



"'~n(f;frfr~Jj~ll®ldt~Ir~~~l 
~frfr®Ir~~®frfr®1f~~®frfr®: 
:~rr:~~®frfr~1f~n®frfr®Ir~. 
< CONTINUED ~OM PAGE .. < 
These Council memhers do ,WI have the 
plea of ignorance 

What about the mhers] I feel thm all 
of the brand new Councll members , 
save one. ,Ire trull Ignorant as to their 
roles as student le,lders. To these 
CouncIl member" let me offer some 
enlightenment 

The democratIC process alwa)'s 
culminates in a Vote of the p(;'ople , In 
thIs casc the student -. UsuaU)' prior to 
the election, both sldcs of the Issue Join 
together and form commmecs or groups 
to promOte theIr dIffering \,le\I'S ThIS 
happelled Wllh regard to CalPIRG wllh 
CaIPIRG on one Side ,md CAUF on the 
other. Then, arrcr an onsla ught of 
campaIgn matenal from both SIdes, the 
question IS brought to ,I vote. USlw lly If 

the que. non \1'111$. eve n by a si mple 
maJonry, the vote I, implemenrcd (o r in 
this case , ar leasr ~upponed and stood 
behmd smee II ame from rhe students). 

I think thar all of the stud ems should 
be \'('ry aware that theIr votes to pur 
the -e Council members Into offlee were 
not Ignored whde _omehow therr votes 
WIth reg •. m] ro CalPIRG were wmpll'tcly 
Ignored . Thus \\'c h,w(' th ... 19tH-8S 
Assocl,ncd Stud ems CounCIl under 
PreSldcllI Mary Ro~e Alnandcr Or, 
,hould I Sil)'. 'The 19S-f-85 Asoclatcd 
)tudents Counnl- Puppets of the 
Admllllsrr.lllon ." 

The A. CounCil ,houlJ pn)/)wtf 
srudent mteresrs. nor 11lI1dl" them. They 
should WI1I1I1lIll/fa IC student opmlon to 
the AdrmlllStr.1Il0n, not dl{ tarc Joe 
Wat~ol1's patCmalisllC, "I'm domg ir for 
}'our own good," attitude to us. 
Accordlllg to the 66% m3Jonty 11'111 of 
the CulPIRG referendum in the elcrron , 
two-t hirds of the students who voted in 
thiS eleCtIon h,we been blatanrly 
nubbed b}, the CounCIl that IS 

MUIR STUDENTS 
It's time to enroll (HSS 2346) for preferred 

sections. Graduating Seniors cannot enroD in 
closed sections. 

MUIR 40. SO 
Dept. Stamp Needed 

Seniors/Juniors: May 15 
Sophomores/Freshmen: May 16-21 (8:30 am) 

Games 
MusIc 
Food 
Fun 
'nfo booths 
PrIzes and 
SurprIses 

5/17 
5/24 

The Polodence 
Dirl~ Debonoire 

5/J 1 Notice to Appear 
6/7 The Mardels 

Also every Wednesday 
Jazz Jam 3-6 pm 
Always Free 

MUIR 
COMMUTER 

FAIR Please come 
JoIn us 

Wednesday, 
May 15, 1985 

11 :30 am to 1 pm 
lin front of MOM) 

SPONSORED BY: MUIR RES. HAll AND COMMUTER BOARD 

supposed to represent the 1I1Q)onty of 
srudent Show this council th .1I }'OU are 
angry. SIgn petitions III impeach the AS 
CounCIl that arc presently C1 rcuLlllng. 
make phone calls, or wrire leiters 10 the 
edi tor. Let them hnow thar if rh ey \\,on't 
rep resent your intere~ts then YllU will 
pohucally impeach them 111 order to 
obtai n someone thar Will 

Tbe AS Council has been nIce enough 
(mostly due 10 rhe extreme amount of 
pressure placed upon them from the 
recall move ment) to allow your input 
into the slluation. Not that your vOle 
~1"dS nor good enough, but /;onc of you 
underslOoJ whdt you were voti ng for 
(the famous Joe Watson paterndlisric 
reasoning). 

There will be questlonnalres avai lable 
which list Watson's two fOnTIs , A and B, 
and CaIPIRG's form C. If ei ther of 
Watson 's two proposals is chosen , 
CalPIRG will close its chapter on [his 
campus. The idea behind Fonn C is 
that this is a community decision to tax 

ourselves while sti ll aUowlllg the people 
who arc conSCiously opposed to 
CalPIRG not to pay. The reason why we 
have made this comrnulllry decision is 
that we feel that CalPIRG is an 
important , educational and effective 
organlzarion which accomplishes many 
things. Form B disregards the fact that 
we have decided as a commulllry to 
fund a stable CalPIRG chapter. Form A. 
also Watson '~, IS JUSt plam misleading 
sInce there are two different fee totals 
on it. 

Remember, this is a community 
deCIsion to suppOrt a fine organiza tion 
whIch , because of Dr. Watson's 
shenalllgans, has been ~pending too 
much time defending ItS own life 
Reaffirm your vote for CalPIRG dUring 
the recent AS elections. Choose Form C 
to keep CafPIRG at UCSD. Put this 
organization back on its feet again so it 
can stan worktng for you instead of IlS 
life . 

Micki Archuleta 

PREFERRED 
ENROLLMENT 

DATES 
Preferred Enrollment for Fa" '85: 

Seniors ...... . ............ Thursday, May 16 
Juniors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Friday, May 17 
Sophomores . . . . . . . . . . . .... Monday, May 20 
Freshmen . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Tuesday, May 21 
Graduates ............ . May 16 thru May 22 

We are a mania I arts <chool There are lots of u, Muund. In all SIL ..... w,lh varying degrees of 
exPt-:lrfN.· and different leveb of compelence. 

Earh of u, would I,ke lu have you as a srudenl . 

BaSically, \0\(' all offer d IIm,lar ,ervl<e: ","-defen", Ir.IIOIn8 along 
wllh menial and phY<lCal rond, I'onll'g. SIIIl. we all have some 
way of lell,ng you whal we Ihlnk mak", us n,ffer",nl from Ihe 

olhpr,. We demon,lrat,· our tffhnlques. eXI)la,n our philosophy, 
holX' you w, ll VI<,I our school. meel Our people. ask qu~ 
lion_. Rei gooel an,we" . dnd bt' Impr .... <f'ci enough ro PUI 

UI, al or near the top o( Ihe Ij~f when the l Imp (ornes for 
you 10 mak(> a deo(,lon. 

Nalurdlly, we believe we ofter J , ulX'"or ""rYlee. borh 
10 Our rmn-vlolenl phllo'iophy and our Irddilional 

OnenialiOn 10 the mdrtlal cut . 

We know, howe,er, Ihell' '' only one school 
that'S going 10 be right for you . Whal 

ult,mately lip' Ihe <cales is anybody's guess 
- credl lvi ly, JJhilo'iOphy, technique, Size, 

reputation. l>ersonal contacts, perserverence, 
chemistry - ir cou ld be anyrhing. More 
of len than nor, iI's somerhing we didn'l 

even rhink of. 

Bur one rh ing we do know - fancy 
advertisements won ', sell you on a mar-

lIal arts school near as much as the 
friendly people Ihere. Thar's why we 

need only say rh is -

AOINAGI 
KARATE 

- COme and ~ for \,ou lself. 

Wrestling Room 
Plain Gym 

Beginning Classes 
7-8 pm Tuesdays and Thursdays 

for more info, call 755-4173 

For Rent 
Looking for a place to live this 

Summer or Fall of '85? 
Attend the 

Off-Campus Housing Workshop 
Tuesday, May 14th, 6:00 p.m. 

Student Center Bldg. "B" 
A pane' 0/ Experts will discus. 
• Strategies for finding a place tD live 
• Landlord/Tenant Rights 
• Viewpoints on housing lifestyles 
• Question and Answer Periods 

KROY LE I I ERING 
Make a great impression 

(:) 

AB 
C 

• Resumes • Reports • Letterhead 
• Flyers • Coupons • Forms 
• Newsletters • Graphs • Charts 

kinko·s 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & SOv-On) 

Friday's Sun God Festival, centered around Niki de 
Saint Phalle's now famous sculpture, drew a crowd of 

hundreds to enjoy the food , alcohol, music, games 
and not-so-perfect weather. Above are a few clowns 

who didn't seem to mind the clouds. 

It's a jungle out there. 

Resumes, inlerviews. eXfXrience, decisions-it's 
eno ugh 10 scare the br:lvesl job hunter. 

But, !IS a Thom:&s college temp, you'lI work for 
tbe best companies in California. In more than 100 
posi tions-office. financial . marketing, sales. light 
industrial . data processing. 

You ' lI get goo<.l money- and p:iy no fees Work 
a.~ much or a.- liltlt' a.~ you want. And get firsthand 
joh experience So when you're rcady to hag the 
Big One . ),ou won ' t have 
to heat r h{' hushes 

Think of us as 
jungle !(utde~ rhi~ 
\ummer 
Call toda y 

26 convenient Cali/omia location. 
Hl~ \r I 



//nG~ ( ») 
o 0 (~( =::::J: ~~( ~) ) I D J 

Attention Students: 
Recent controversy has arisen regardIng pertinent issues on this campus. 

For this reason the ASUCSD Council would hke to en ure that you .lre 
properly informed. peClfically, we would like to ,Iddres the CalPIRG 
Referendum and the Anti-Apartheid movement . 

The CalPIRG referendum, which was presented to you In the last election, 
asked whether you "support a chapter of CalPIRG (California Public Interest 
Research Group) at UC D which will be funded by a voluntary $3.00 per 
quarter fee?" Included in the voting booths was a draft of the registration 
form that CalPIRG endorsed. This referendum passed by 66% of those 
voting, and the AS council recognizes this student mandate . There are, 
however, a few issues that were not clearly presented to the voters, and for 
th IS reason the council believes that inadequacies resulted in the referendum 
process. These inadequacies in lude: (I) Students were not informed thar a 
committee, with majority student representation and CalPIRG's input, was 
formed last spring quarter to genernte the best registration form. This 
committee recomme nded twO forms (A &: B below) to the Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs; (2) either of these two forms were presented , 
CalPIRG's request, to the srudents during the election; (3) tudents were not 
told that because all forms were not presented , that the admmlstration has 
already decided to Implement Form B; (4 ) The question of which form IS the 
most clear and equitable was muddlt d b)' a questlon which asked for student 
suppOrt for CaIPIRG. We support CaiPIRG, yet we thll1k students hould 
have bee n give n the right to choose which form they preferred . after alll[ IS 
thc students' ma ne ), and CalPIRG IS the students' organization. 

Anti -Apartheid 1ovement. The AS council strongly supports this 
movement whl h is calhng for thc divestment by the UC Regents from 
companies doing bUSiness in outh Africa. The Republic of South Afnca IS 
ruled by whl[C minorny governments that have implemented the most 
barbaric system of raCial exploltatlon by denymg poli!i ai , SOCial and 
economic rights to the non-whue. African population - this is apartheid . 
Over 350 U.S corporate subsidies and 6000 U.S. Corporate distributorsh ips 
are located In South Africa and the largest U.c. investments are in four of the 
mo t Vital and m ateglc industries: [BM , Caterpillar. G.E. and 3M as well as 
Bank of America For this reason, the ASUCSD has heen working for years 
th rough the UC student lonhy to pressure the Regents to divest and strongly 
supports the coalition for a free outh Africa here at UCSD. We realize 
divestment is a complicated pro ess wh leh may take years, yet we encourage 
the Regents to take thiS step 

[f )'OU havc any questions about the Anti -Apartheid movement, the 
CaIPIRG referendum or any other issue , please stOP by the AS offi e (student 
center. above EDNA), call :<4450 or come to an AS mcelingevery Wednesday 
at 6:30 pm In the I onh Conference Room . 

G ad Luck on Finals' 
The ASUCSD Coun II 85-86 

The follOWing are excerpts jrol1l the th ree proposed RegistratIOn Fee Joml 
which deal directly With jees. FomlS A & B were proposed bya campus-wide 
committee jon11ed Jor such a purpose. Form C was proposed by CalPIRG and 

. was the ONLY chOIce you had during the recent AS elections. 
When dfCIdlng on which Jorm you prejer, please ask yourself t he jollowing 

questIOns: Which jom1 IS easiest to understand? Which jOl1n would insure 
Ca!PIRG 's surVival? Arc any oj these forms deceptive? Which woulell prefer 
to pay Illy Jees with ? 

FORMA 
REGISTRAT /O~ rLLS TOTAL" 
RI:G I~ I RATIO" FloES 
PLUS IlCAl r H I" URA.'\ CI:" 
"ABOVL 101AJ"> INCLUDE SJOO FOR CAlPIRG THE 
CAlifO RNIA PL. RLI INTLRLSl RESI..ARCI I GROU P IF 
YOL IX) ,,0 1 WI~ 1l TO PAY THIS VOLU TARY I-D: . 
SIMPl) LlEDLC I Hoo !-ROM THE REGISTRATION FloE 
T01Al.!:> \ LI: I U 5C.H EDU LL BELOW 

l ... tA;"DATORY r I I S 
( ru,s i{[Q UIRI-D I O~ REt,1) 1 RATION) 

5445.50 

5-198 50 

L 'I\ Iot lllhIKAII~"I.I , . ... . . . ... • •. • • • " . .. , .• • .• ••• . ••.• • • . ••.• .•••. I ;ll~' 
I L>CL<\ ltt" 11( ••. o . • • • 0 . , •• 00 ' ••••••••• " • ••• • •• • •••• ~-11J ~\1 
l,A'II 'l .. \ t 11\ 11 ' • ••• • • . .. , • •. . .... • ..• • ... • ............ " ....... . ...... tt l' 1 

~ I L Dl' ll- t 'I I K Lt •••••• •••• • , • ••••••..•• • . •• •••• ••• •• • •• • •• • •• • • ~ • ••• I .! '1oI.) 
HJ ( I A( IUI\ 11. 1 ......... . . • • • .. .. .... •• . ..... . . . .. . •.••. .. ........ .. . . . .. . I! I,)J 

flU,\, \ L\.\I '\ !l lH; \ Il l ............ .. ...... .... .. . . .. .......... , . ........ . ........ ., .... ! k J 

VOLUNTARY II:LS 
(,lh 'lH:l , ...... . .. , ................ .. . .. .......... . .. . ... . . ....... , .......... ' . ........... } 1\ 1 
IH _Allll l .... ~tk \'\LI. . . ........ . .... . ............... . . .. .... .... ... .. ....... . ........... ')\., " 

FORM B 
\tA,"DATOR\ rLES Tl)TAL $-+4150 

\1A,"D"TO~\ I FES & AJJ>IRV ' $H5.S0 
MANDAIOR\ FEES N Hl:AL11I INS i95 ~o 

~IANDATOR\ FEES. CALPIRG & HI:AJ TH 1\15 $-1 9850 
• "ABO\ '[ TOTAlS INCLUDr ) 00 FOR CALPII(,. THE CALlR)RNIA PU BLIC INTEREST KE!>EARCH 
GROUP ,FI FEE SCHEDULE BELOW 

MAI,DATORY FEES 
( FEES REQUIRED FOR REGISTRATION 

L '\ t\ Itl l ,hIHAI II.)'\ ILL ........... .. .. . .... .. ....... . , ........... . ..... . .. ... .... . ... ... .... . .. l i lll lO 
I t'll.il- \ I k. l ' II ,L ••••. . ..• •• ••••••• . .. . ...•...• •• ..• . ••... .. . • , • •• . . • .• . •.• . . . •.• • .•• . .. .. . •.•. .. , l -illUIJ 

~~~:~~~!~~I:~~' I 'I'I : : ::::::: ::::::::::: :::::: :::::: ::::: ::::::: ::::: ::::::: :::: ::::: :::::::::::: :':;E 
I l}I"l \L\\11\l l »t\ ILL ..... .. . .. ... .. . .... . ... . . . ... , ..... . • .. ... • . . •.. • . • . •. •• • . ....... . • .•• ) ..... ,! )IJ 

VOLUNTARY FEES 
l,.III'Ilo(u • • • • • •••• •• •• . • • . . . • . ••. . • . • . ... . , .. . • .• • .. •• . .. .. .••.. • •..•..••. . . .. ••• • •• •.•...• • • •• ,.,. l lJU 

I I L\'-IIII'~, .. Mt\\t I . . . . •. ' .. ' ..•. .. . · 1· · · ,·· .... · . .. ...... . ...... . .. . .. .. .. . .... .. . , ... . . . . . , . 5 JU,I 

FORMe 
REGISTRATION fED 1OTAL" 
R[GI~ 1 RA 11 )N FEES 

-H5.50 

PLUS HEAUH INSURAI\CE" ' S~98. 50 
•• ABOVE TOTAlS INC! UDL $) 00 FOR CALI1RG I HI: (ALItORNIA PUBLIC INl [RES r RLSI:ARCII 
GROUI' IF YOU IX) :-;01 Wbll TO PAY THIS VOLU ClARY Il:L ~1~tPI.Y DLDllCl ~J 00 I RO~ I TI lE 
RCGISTRATK,N FEE TOTAL, 

MAN D.\ TOR\, FI:ES 
l '\ 1\ Kl.u I I I • •• ••• •...• . ......•..•. . . • .. .. • .. ...• • . . .....••. .•• . . ...• ... . .... . . . . .• ' .. • • ..• l ;~lt1l'.t 
I l .... 1. \1","\lI I I . • ••••••• • •••••..• • .•... . . • .. . .... .• •....••• • •• • •• .• • . .• . .•. •... . • ••. . . • ••• .!"l' ,\J 
l \\11 ' 'I \l1l\1 \ 11 1, ... . . ... .......... ........ . . ............... .... ....... . .. . . .... . ... .... Ii"! 

I lill I ll'II WIII . . . . . .. . . . . , .... .•• • . • . •. . . .. . . . • .. . • .. ... •• .. .. .... . . • . • • . . •• .• •• •••• • . . Ilk) 
kll I \lUII\ II I . . ... . .• • . . . . . . • . •. .. •. . . ... .. •• . • . • .. • .. ..••.. . ••. . . •...•. , . .... i l \l\1 

\ 'O LU t\'l AJ() rEE: 
, \1 1 K~1 • . • . • . .... ". •• .• .• . • . . • • . . . •.•. • •.. .. . • . .• • . • . . • . , . . ... , .. ) l \ ' 

•• n g I 

Listen to a Nobel Prize winner 
Bishop Desmond Tum, obel Peace Prize Laureate - hear 

him roday at 12: 10 pm live from UC Davis on KSDT. The 
Unviersity of California Rad io Network presents Desmond Tutu 
live from Davis on KSDT. Hear it on the hump. 

Your body in outer space 
Do you know what happens to your heart and lungs when you 

are floating freely in outer space? Dr. Kim Prisk will tell you on 
Tuesday, May 14 in Urey Hall 2102 at 6 pm. Sponsored by the 
American 'Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. 

Spring Communication Seminar 
Featuring: Kathy Diamond (N ), Andy Freidenburg (Film) 

and Ashley Wayne (Advertising). Thursday, May 16 at 5:] 5 in the 
North Conference Room A. Presented by the Communication 
Club and W omen in Communication. 

International Forum 
On Tuesday, May 14 at 7:30 pm. Dr. Sheila Tobias, visiting 

professor of political science from the Univers ity of Arizona will 
present the film Men 's Lives. Dr. Tobias is a founder of the 
Women 's Studies program at Cornell University and currently 
teaches 'Topics in Feminist Theory" and "Gender and Politics" 
at UCSD. In the International Center Lounge. Free admission 
and refreshments. More info: 452-3730. 

Incest film premiere's at UCSD 
Breaking Silence, a film on incest and the sexual abuse of 

children produced &: directed by Theresa Tollini will Screen 
here. Wednesday, May 29 and Thursday, May 30 at 7:30 pm. 
Peterson Hall , Room 110 on Third College Campus. Tickets 
available at UCSD Central Box Office 452-6467. Tickets: $5 .00 
general admission and $3.00 students . Sponsored by the UCSD 
Women 's Resource Center. 

Live from New York 
Judy Gonnan-Jacobs 

Thursday, May 16 at 8 pm in Mandeville 
also featuring Deborah LivJohnson 

Tickets available at the box office or at Ticketron. $3 .00 for 
students, $6.00 for non-students. (Add $1.00 at the door.) 
For more info call x2023. 

ATTN: UCSD Students 
Only the following organizations are formally 
recognized by your Inter-Fraternity Council as being 
a Greek Organization/ Fraternity. Delta Sigma Phi, 
Ph i Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Nu , Tau 
Kappa Epsilon, Zeta Beta Tau. Before signing any 
type of form with other organizations claiming to be 
Greek, other than those listed above , get all the facts 
from you Inter-Fraternity Council through Randon 
E. Woodard (Greek advisor 452-4083) in the 
Student Activities Office. Be Informed. 

"Chatting with the Chancellor" 
Talk to Richard Atkinson 

Tuesday, May 21 from 4-5:30 pm 
North Conference Room 

Everyone is welcome! 

Make fall quarter worth coming back to 
Pre pare now to get some REAL experience in addition to 

doing homework, sitting in classrooms and taking exams. Get 
on-the-job training with an ASIO internship! We offer 
internships in many fields, so stop by our office to see what is 
available . Don't wait too long to apply - the deadline is Friday, 
Ma y 17. For more info visit the ASIO office on the secona floor of 
the student center above the game room. Our phone number is 
452-4689. We're open 9-3 pm daily. 

UCSD Will Be 

'lamming for the First Time" 
Saturday, May 18 

You'll hear R&B, Reggae, Jazz, Gospel at the hump. 
Noon to 5 pm. Sponsored by BSU & UCSD. 

All You Can Eat Spaghetti! 
For only $3.00 at the Che Cafe on Wednesday, May 15 you 

can get all the spagherri you want. On Friday pizza is only $1.00. 
Don't forget about smoothies and Espresso. 

UCSD Political Film Series 

"The Good Fight" 
Friday, 'May 17 at 7 pm 

Peterson Hall 108 - FREE 

/o.IondllY. MIlY 13, 1985 9 

AS Programming presents 
The Social Event oj the Year! 

The 1985 UCSD Semi-Formal 
"Moonlight and Roses" 

Friday, May 24, 9 pm to 1 am 
Music: Private Domain &: 91X's T. Brian Schoch 

Sheraton Harbor Island Hotel 
NOTE: Tickets are SIO/ person this week only. After May 
17 they go up to SI3/ per person. 

W1DTERMS??? 
Get your notes organized now 
Purchase A.S. Lecture Notes 
CUl'Rnt ~ for: Bio 1. 2,3, 20, 101. 106. 131, 156, 
Chern 68 (Keams). 6<:. 1 iDB. EECS 5OC, Poli Sci 12, 
Psych ., 1 68, Soc 10. 

ad Noles for. Blo 15 (HoUand), Comm 20 (Cole), 
ECON 1008 ~h). Chern 68 (Sarey), Bio 153 
~~ ECON 120A (White), EECS 70 (Cohen), 
HiaIaIy lC. Sales end: May 31 at 4 pm. 

, 

Future of optics seminar 
FREE seminars on future applications of lasers and optical 

systems will be part of the future of optics semina r to be held on 
Saturday, May 18 from 8 :30 to 4:30 in HSS 2250. Guest speakers, 
tours of UCSD's optics research labs and local representatives 
from the laser and optics industry will a ll be part of the day's 
activities. Join us by filling out a registration form (located o n 
various bulleting boards on campus) or give us a ca ll at x6345 
from 10 am to noon Monday-Friday. Sponsored by LIA, EE/ CS 
dept. , Div of Engineering and Laser Power OpticS. 

Soviet Cinema 
"Crime lSI Punishment" 

Thursday, May 16 at 7 pm in TlH 104 
FREE. Sponsored by AS Programming. 

Worried about grad school? 
On Wednesday, May 15 at noon on Revelle Plaza , PLEA will be 

auctioning off a Stanley Kaplan Prep Course good for the LSAT, 
MCA T, GMA T, GRE and others. Last quarter the auction winner 
saved $200. Get prepared and save money at the same time! 
PLEA members: Be sure and attend the PLEA elections on May 
22. 

The non-violent side of martial arts 
The Aoinagi Karate Club meets Tuesdays and Thursdays. 

Come join us as we emphaSize the moral and non-violent aspect 
of the manial ans. Beginner classes 7 -8 pm. Wear sweats. In the 
wrestling room. 

RISC'y Business 
Ski Club elections are Wednesday, May 15 at 8 pm in the rec . 

conf. room. Panicipate! Come vote for the 85-86 officers. 
r 1 I I 'T " , 



Emerging Writers' Series 

The Mirrored Road 
By MONTE ROSEN 

O TH[ PATH through towenng spnng weeds , we could m,lke out the road. Rutted by aimless walks, the path cut-backs wtthout cause . The 
road, however, goe m very distinct dire tlons and 
marks the path-mouth with a row of weathered oaks. A 
large crow re!>t~ on ,I branch hadowed blacker by 
overhanging boughs whl h, In tum, shadows us from 
the vernal sun-fall We Sit with each other, lost in that 
almle s wandennR c,tlled youth , carvmg our memones 
like intllJIs In the bloodied bark of sweet oak. 

he I; 14, leantng out her bedroom wlndow-
poullng, her blond hair falls m nng upon the chaste 
white of her nightgown . Captured m the dawning of 
her maturlt)' , thl image becomes a symbol for her 
Lhanges, J photograph wh i h she hates, and one 
which I adore he IS younge r than me, and much 
WIser for nOl allowmg the Intrusion of big quesllons 
Her unexphlined feelings are the late afternoon 
ramfalls blendmg shade and profile into the faint 
smear of a mile The) come, make everything damp, 
then they end and new growth follows. Her growth 
IS as invIsible to me, as my own , except In the 
roadslgn of memory 

Her papa' house really shmes m my eye with the 
character of that tobacco back-country-bumed brown 
already m the spnng sun. The traditional candle 
wmdow by the door greets the porch-steppers, and the 
lovers' swing IS where we sit. Animated by 
conversation, her fa e glows with laughter, but her eyes 
m Istemly return to the road; the Ime dlvtdlng her 
papa's property from the rest of the world . I'm , 
'onnected to thIS stare. whICh looks toward the 
dlrecuon of the nver to the gulf, and to the City thaI 
walts thl're 

When ,he turns 17, one month a",:ay from her high 
school gmdu<lllon. I .15k her 10 marry me, like everyon e 

expects. She hugs me and says no. A week later, a 
stranger's black car stops on the other side of the road 
from her papa's yard . and drives her away. Forgetting 
to say goodbye to anyone, she doesn't pack. She just 
leaves. I talk of SUicide, but her grandpa drinks me 
into paSSivity , and himself too. We slur melan holy 
conversa tion , and I see the distance down that road-
m her eyes. Her photograph becomes a dagger, so I 
bury it in the travelogues her parents offer me, in 
condolen e. 

The waitress m the local grease-hole b.lr-n-grill 
keeps smllmg at me, like I'm some movie star. I ask 
her when she gets off, and promise to take her to a 
drive-m tOnight. Afterwards , she won 't even t.'I lk to me. 
I get mad and make her walk home from the co rner 
bus-stop. What did she expe;:t, with her gloomy eyes? 
I think about that picture I keep at home. I think of 
how she tasted the saltiness of men from the sweaty 
brow of boys. I ask myself why I couldn't kee p h er 
here, and why 1 stay. When I get home, I undress, 
dnnk t\vo warm beers, and tare into her face, into my 
face reflected by the night, mto the awful dista nce o f 
that road . 

The gas station fired me today, because some high-
school boy was willing to do my job for less money. 
Her papa couldn't give me work either, since the early 
flooding eroded all hiS topSOil away. Things look prett}' 
bad until that bus pulls up , and I get on it. Then boot-
camp shows me how bad thmgs really are . The 
summer months give me religious feelings ; fear-how 
hot hell IS! Then the army makes me an ana rchist , o r 
so they call it. Authority is like a beehive; when you 
have to move it , the drones crawl OntO your soft , 
exposed pans and stlng you without remorse. So 
before boot-camp ever ends, I find myself discharged 
dishonorabl), ,md on the road for the fir I and longest 
time . Slowly, I realize the army had no place in history 
for me. Momhs la ter, walking on a back-road in Illinois 

after a drc n hing thundershower, it occurs to me that 
the road IS a mirror for my pam , and I cry because I 
can't remember her face . 

Pulling into a New Orleans truck-stop and spending 
my last pan -handled dollar on a couple of cold beers , I 
walk Onto that treet flat, wuh no dIrection and no 
intentions. By the end of the week I find myself 
rousted out of every stumhle-bum park, JUSt in time for 
those suiCide thoughts to stan coming agam . I figure I 
have maybe one punch left before I go down for good, 
forever. I think about finding .her in the dIstance, 
always on some other road , and I ta -te the peace of 
resting beside her. I find the "Y" instead . beg a shower 
and some new-used clothes, then hIt the treet again 
with a plan . An hou r later, [ ,un a bar-tender t"linee , 
preparing for the crush of Mardi-gras. [ fi nd in the 
festival, the worst kind of nightmare-drunks and 
strange travelers who wear my face , running blindly 
into bizarrely colored masks that hide their pain . If 
they could o nly see themselves , as they make me see. 
The boss must see my horror, and understand the 
power of my effort because he promotes me, afte r the 
festival ends. 

Anchored by debts into the workplace that mirrors 
my addiction , I begin to find the road restful. My 
change is agam subtle , and new habIts fill old desires. 
I drive in the mornings, into the country, searching. I 
Stop a t fanns, and at mos t oaks by the side. The rivers 
hold my attention longer than they used to. They 
become roads moving towards the end of moving, the 
end of searchi ng. I see the MiSSIssippi as a 
supe rh Ighway and [ pass many early hours dreaming 
on her-shores . Driving down a quiet road with a 
spring wind whipping across my th inning hair, I see a 
girl flagging me over, from the roadSide . Pulling over, 
my heart pounding, she runs up and gets in . "Dnve," 
she commands, and I do . ~ 

Changing of the Guard 

The Guardian's Alul1lni: The New Guard 
(and what they have done or are doing) 

Phil Willon-News Editor ............ ..... . .. ... .... , . . .. Los Angeles Times 
Andrew Keeler-Arts Editor .................... San Diego Tribune , La Jolla Light 
jeff Savage-Sports Editor .... _ ...... _ ........... . _ . . . ....... . . The Tribune 
Rich Pecjak- Photo Editor .. ..... .. .. .... . .................. Associated Press 
Chris Young- Associate Arts Editor ... , ............... . .. . .. .. ... La Jolla Light 
Matthew j. Cronin-Opinions Editor ........ Mexico City News, The jabbeJWockey 
Christopher Canole-Perspectives Editor. New York Times, London Herald Tribune 
john Ashlee-lllustrator ...... _ ......... , ... ... . . ....... . ...... La Jolla Light 
Phil Lauder-Eclitor-in-Chief .. _ . _ .... , .............. , . . _ Emergency magazine 
Michael Toombs-Stafr Writer ... , , ... , .... .. , ..... _ ........ San Diego Union 
Lisa Lapin-News Ed itor ... ............ .... . ... . New York Times, The Tribune 
Phillip Davies-Photo Editor ..... , , . .. . , . , . .... . ... .... , .. Los Angeles Times 

Jennifer Warren-Associate News Editor ............. .. ..... Los Angeles Times 
Roger Showley-News EditOr ...... .......... ... .... , .... .. , an Diego U~ion 
David Orner- Photo Editor ...... . ........................ Los Angeles Times 
John Nee-Associate News Editor ...... , ......... ' .... , ........ La jolla MonitOr 
Stan Honda- Photo Editor _ , ..... , ............ ......... , ... , ... La jolla Light 

APPLY·FOR: 
Editor-in-Chief (application due today at noon) 
Managing Editor (exact responsib ilities variable) 
Copy Editor (checks all copy for grammar 
News Editor (responsible for News section) 
Associate News Editor 
Opinions Editor (responsible for Opinions section) 
Perspectives Editor (responsible for features section) 
Sports Editor (responsihle for ports sec tion ) 
Arts Editor ( responsible for Hiatus magazine) 
Associate Arts Editor 
Photo Ed ito r ( responsible for assigning and 
d evelopi ng all photographs in paper) 

APPLICATIONS ARE DUE 
FRIDAY, MAY 17 AT NOON 

Management 
Opportunities 

Immediate openings for general, 
technical and aviation management 
positions as officers in the Navy. 
College Seniors or grads, age 19·28 
seeking early responsibility should 
apply . All majors considered, no 
experience necessary. Equal 
opportunity employer, starting 
salary $20,000, $36,000 after four 
years. 30 days vacation first year, 
outstanding benefits pkg. 

Cal. toO free 
1-800-222-6289 

MOD-Wed, 8 am'" pm 

..--rocus .... --. 
PlARTIAL ARTS 
fri., /IIay 17 7·9 pm • Main Gym 

Aolnagi IIarale . Taekwondo· AikIdo 
Tal Chi Ch'uan • Tang Soo Do' I'I1nJutsu 

SholDllan Karate· Shaolin Kung fu 

INTERESTED IN GEnlNG INVOLVED 
WITH STUDENT GOVERNMENT??? 

WARREN COLLEGE STUDENT 
GOVERNMENT COUNCIL POSITIONS 

ARE STILL OPENIII 
Positions stili open are: 

- Campus Coalition for Cultural Concems 
Chair 
Executive Committee position 
Commissioner of Publications and 
Communications 

I p:~~:~,~~~ 
I UnSlIre of havv to best pre-;ent yourself 
, 10 the medical schools? 

MED APS CAN HELP. 
Our professional con!;ultant<· pertorm an 
qjppth anrllysts of your credentials be-
lore you subffilt them to the adffils· 
Sions committees By utiliZing our recom 
mendaltons. you can then submll a per 
suasive application that Will maXlmtle 
your chances of acceptance 

For more nformatlon wr,te or ca'i 

MEOAps 
162 W>OCheste' A"" Su,le M GlenLJ.1 (' CA 91;>()1 

181812428198 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Ntght 

LEARNiNG 
CENTER 

BUSIN ESS :....·.:~= 
W EEKLY SPECIAL 

IBM PC AT ENHANCED MODEL 
-1.2 MB FLOPPY DRIVE 
-S12K RAM 
- CMI20MB HARD DISK DRIVE 

RETAIL: SS79S 
SELLING : $4636 

(io%-DISCO~NT) 
-. .-

OPTIONS: ~ ::-=----
~g~i~~RS & CARDS ':'_;-__ ~r.rg_·_· _ 1-' ~ _ 
360K 1/2 HEIGHT AT DRIVE 
PRI NTERS l ~i:I ---+ 
SOFTWARE ,.,. £::1 ..... SI.s 

IBM AUTHORIZED DEALER::' "l1~r~x..C) I ~rr.r~U~~1i~ AppllcaHons can be plckect up at the 
Warren College Apartments Commons or In 

the Warren Col.lege Proyosfs OffIce. W~'{($}] [?®~ @)~~ ~I3~ Wl:1[3~1~ f:'l rP~@l~~[.~ [DC!J~'H~~00~~:!)a ~~:l)~ !}E~O~\f &U'. 
Applications due: Friday. May 19. 

MEET AWARD-WINNING JOURNALIST 
STEVEN EMERSON 

WHO WIll BE AtrrOGRAPHING COPIES OF 
HIS SHOCI(ING NEW BOOK 

THE AMERICAN HOUSE Of SAUD 
ne Secret PetrocioDar CoaucdOD 

" reveals how leading businesses, corporate 
executives and former government officials have 
become ardent lobbyists for Saudi Arabia. The 

reader vvill be stunned by the numbers of 
Fortune 500 companies and political superstars 

who have aided the Saudis in this blatant 
collusion. " 

"Arab petrodollars tied in with some of 
America's major corporations are affecting the 

daily lives of us all .... Must reading for every 
American." 
Senator Howard Metzenbaum 

DIE UNIVERSITY BOOI(STORE 
UCSD 

Tuesday, May 14th, 1985 
12 Noon to 1:30 P.M. 

Refreshments Call 452~3844 

~ .!:ID[l.!W. Q ~. G)~~OO~Cil 

1MESECRU 
PE i liODOL' AJI 
CONNECTION 

SfMN EMEJ&>N 



12 ,\1,,",41\ Mu\ 13, 1 <)85 

Literature Department 
FALL QUARTER 

The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offers a wide 
variety of services including the processing of all student 

forms, add/ drop cards, and advising on majors and minors. 

eng Ii sh/Fimer ican 
Lit/En 175A 
New American Fiction 
Boundaries: Contemporary American Writing 1975-1985 
Lee A MWF 12:00-12:50 PH 103 ee8889 
Instructor: Paul Dresman 
Contemporary Amencan writing over the past decade has been characterized by a 
dIsregard of formal boundaries; Jounalism took on the techniques of fiction , fIction 
has becomc more poetic; poeu)' more discursIve. While this melding of genres has irs 
origins In Modernism and whIle carherexamplesoccur In the immediately preceding 
decades, the texts used in this course represent culminations Sel'eral of these books 
also address the Immediate hIstorical moment even as they serve as homages to 
archetypal Amencan myths, themes and expressions, A short and a long paper, 
reading qUizzes and a final. The possibility of some relevant films. 
Tn1S' Fm TOFtuga by Peter Mattheissen, D',[Xltches by Michael Herr, Gunslmger by 
EdwJrd Dorn , Tal/ling at the Boundane by David Antin , The Woman Wamor by Maxine 
Hong KlI1gston, The Wh,te Album by Joan DidIon , The ames by Don Dclillo, The Color 
Pllrple by Alice Walker 
LitiEn 176 
Major AmcnclIn Wneers 
Swet Flt:zgerald 6- jad Keroua( 
Lec A TIh 10:00-11:20 EXT 142 cc6820 
Instructor: Stephen Rodefer 
A close readlllg of seleCted writing of ott Fitzgerald and Ja k Kerouac , with added 
emphaSIS on the socio-cultural phenomenon they represent: Jazz age/ roaring 20's 
and the beatnik post-war era BiographIcal and histOrical emphaSiS and use of 
audiOVIsual matenal IIlcvltable . 

litiGen 119 
Mythology and the Bible 
Lec A TIh 2:30-3:50 P&l 1110 cc6882 
Instrucror: Richard Friedman 
Comparative study of myths of Egypt, Mesopotamia, Greece, and Canaan with theIr 
ounterparts III the BIble. Focus upon stones of creation and noods , death and 

rcsurrecuon, sexual relations between gods and goddesses and between gods and 
hum,lIls, !IlleSt, and child sacnfice. 

litiGen 128 
The Dra mas of Bertolt Brecht 
lec A TIh 11:30-12:50 USB 3030A cc9028 
Instructor: James K Lyon 
An IIltroductlon to the dramas of one of the 20th century's foremost playwrights. We 
shall read ten dramas durlllg the quarter-Drum In the Nlghe, &al; A Man 's a Man; The 
Threepenny Opera; LIfe oj Galllco, Mother Courage and her Children; The CaucasIan Chalk 
Clrclt', and Schwc)k III the Second World War lectures WIll deal with the genesIs of each 
drama !Il terms of Illerar)" socia l and polillcal history, and each drama will he 
examined from the perspectives of both the literary critiC and the drama crinc, I.C" as 
text and as pcrformance Brecht's literary theones will also be elaborated and applied 
to hIS plays. (Course credll for General laerJture only; thIS course will nOl count 
tOwards the German major or the German minor ) 
litiGen 131 
Licerature and Ideas: 
Latin AmDican and European Poetry in Translation 
Lec A TIh 10:00-11:20 USB 4050B cc8896 
Instructor: Clayton Eshleman 
A close reading, in translation , of major works (poetry and prose) by the Peruvian 
poet CesarVaUeJo; the French visionary ,Antonin Anaud ; and the Martimcan founder 
of Negneude , Alme Cesaire , three of the greatest 20th century world poets. Class 
discussion will be encouraged , and the writing of the three poets will be brought ro 
bear on 20th cemury orth Amencan poetry and poetics. 

Lit/Gen 146 
Laein American Lll£rature in Translation: 
The Novels of Garda -Marqu~ 
Lec A TTh 11 :30- 12:50 Hl 1166 cc8926 
Instructor: Beatrice Pita 
ThIS cour e will IIlvolve the reading and analysis of several works by obel Prize-
wlllning Columbian author Gabriel Garcia Marquez. We will read works from both the 
novel and short story genres, tentatively including: 100 Years of Solitude, No One Writes 
(0 the Colonel , Eyes of a Blue Dog, Chronic/e of a Death Foretold, The focus of the class will 
be on tracing the development of Garcia Marquez' literary texts in connection and 
interaction with the social, political and literary reality of Latin America , 
Lit/Gen 149 
Gennan Literature in Translation: 
Goethe's Faust 
Lec A MWF }:00 -1:50 USB 3030A cc9029 
Instructor. lise Graham 
(Prof, Graham will also teach Goethe's Faust as Lit/ Ger 151 on MWF 11:00-11 :50, Hl 
1166, course code 6950.) 
Close readi ng and analysis o f Goethe's masterpiece Offered for credit in both 
German and General Literature. 
lit/Gen L63 
Childrm 's Literature: 
Lec A T " :00-6:50 APM H02 cc6890 
Instructor. Jerry Griswold 
A seriOUS and enjoyable tudy of classic novels that have come to be childhood 
favorites: Wind III tile Willows, The Secret Garden, Tom Sawyer, The Wizard oj Oz, etc . 
Some time will be devoted to folklore, the fairy tales of Hans hnsllan Andersen, and 
the picture books of Beatrix Potter (The Tale of Peeer RabbIt ) and Maurice Sendak 
(Where the Wrid Thmgs AIr). 

litiGen l72 
Contemporary Somce Fiction 
The Last Gmeration in Science Fiction and Film 
lee A W 7:00-9:50 HSS 1330 cc6892 
Instructor: Stephen Potts 
Beginning in the late 1950's, scie nce fIction has developed from a pulp genre of 
narrow a ppeal into a literature with its own hIgh standards and an entire industry of 
pubhshers , cmics, and fans behind it. During the 1960's, it grew in popularity and 
sophistication as the New Wave injected new literary purpose into scie nce fiction and 
serious filmmakers raised the standards of scie nce fiction film. In this class, we will 
investigate sc Ience fiction'S coming of age in our time by fOCUSing on specific works of 
the decades btween 1960 and 1980 In the context of the genre's histOrical and critical 
background. 

FALL QUARTER COURSE DESCRIPTIONS ARE AVAILABLE 
AT TCHB 110 

o 0===================== o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

A little 
Q&A 

§ on how to 
o §get involved 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

as a 
Guardian 

editor: 

o====================~ o 
o 

Munday, May IJ, 1985 13 

... 

The Department of Literature 
presents 

The Popular British Poet 
Brian Patten 

-Regents Lecturer-

Tuesday, May 14 
8:00fm 
~%e True Confessions 0 a Manuscript Sniffer" 

The Center for Music E"perirH~nt 
408 Warren Campus 
No Admission Charge 
Receptions to Follow 
For further information, 

call the Department of Literature 
452·3214 

Q: Who can apply for an editorial position? . 
A: Any UCSD student who plans to be around next academic year 
and who has a desire to contribute to and improve the largest 
newspaper on campus_ 
Q: What's involved in being an editor? 
A: Section editors find the stories, find the writers for those stories, 
and do all lay-outs for their sections. Certain other responsibilities 
come with the job, all of which are very pleasant and which you will 
enjoy immensely (e_g_ , sweeping the parking lots outside the 
Guardian office and driving to lovely downtown Encinitas in the 
dead of the night). 
Q: What kind of hours are involved? 
A: Lots. 
Q: Can you be more specific? 
A: We're talking 25-30 hours a week for most sections, This is 
commitment. Big time commitment. We know you go to schooL We 
try that stuff too. But when the thrill of journalism gets under your 
skin, hey, what can you really do about it? 
Q: Do you get paid? 
A: Sure. 
Q: A lot? . 
A: Hell no. What do you think we are, rich? But you do get paid, OK? 
Q: Boy, this seems like a great deal to me, I tell you, What do I do from 

~re? . 
A: Glad you asked, Come d~wn to the Guardian by Friday, May 17 
and give us an application for managing editor, copy editor, news 
editor, associate news editor, opinions editor, sports editor, arts 
editor, associate arts editor, perspectives editor, or photo editor_ 
Outline what your relevant experience is and how and what you 
want to contribute to this paper. 

"See you there." 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 



t. -

14 M"",ia) , M,~) 13, J 985 

Lectures 
MONDAY 
4100.5100 pm - .JoIn us in talking with 
Professor Barbara Sawrey of the Chemistry 
Department, and recipient of the 
Outstanding Teaching Award. She Will talk 
about her experiences as a student and 
teacher, and her interests. Sponsored by 
OASIS Teaching-Learning Seminars . 
Refreshmentsl In the North Conference 
Room, of the Student Center (near EDNA). 
TUESDAY 
7:10 pili - Dr. Sheila Tobias, ",.iitlng 
professor of Political Sdence from the 
University of Arizona will present the film 
"Men's LNes", followed bya discussion of sex 
role SOCIalization in a cross cultural 
perspectNe. Free refreshments I In the 
International Center lounge. 
THURSDAY 
12100-1 :.10 pm - Lecture, " The Gospel of 
John and the Sethian GnostiCS" by Professor 
John D. Turner, prof. of ReligiOUS Studies at 
University of Nebraska-Uncoln. In Peterson 
Hall 110. 
FRIDAY 
1:00.4:15 pm - "Impacts of Downtown 
Redevelopment In San Diego" - The Urban 
Studies and Planning Program presents 
speakers from the Hahn Company, the 
Centre CIty Development Corp., and the City 
Planning Dept. ReceptIOn following. In the 
Mountain View lounge, Third College. 
SATURDAY 
8:00.5:00 pm - First Annual Future of 
Optics Seminar with six speakers on Laser 
Surgery, Optical Computing, Optical 
Intergrated Circuits, Optical Fiber 
Communications, NASA Optical Research, 
and Energy: Future Developments. UCSD 
Optics Lab tours, industry exhibits. Non 
technical and Informative. Sponsored by 
EECS, OMsion of Eng., LlA-UCSD, LPO. In 
HSS 2250. 

The 
Weekly Calendar 

Religious 
MONDAY-flRlDAY 
5100 pm - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
12100 pm - Bob Segal of Sojourner's 
Church will be open-air preaching on the 
plaza at 12 noon on Monday and TUesday. 
Come and "sten to a dynamic and spirit-filled 
manl On the Revelle Plaza. 
'TUESDAY 
7:00 pm - Tuesday Night Discussion 
Group. Discussion on authority and 
consdence following the film, "A Man for all 
Seasons." The dramatization of the life of St 
Thomas More. Sponsored by the catholic 
Student Coordinators. In the Catholic 
lounge of the University Lutheran Church. 
WEDNESDAY 
5100 pm - Christian Forum for 
lXldergraduate, led by Campus Pastor John 
Huber. In the U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
6100 pm - Supper for students hosted by 
the Lutherans, open to all, followed by Bible 
stu~ at 7:00 pm. In the University Lutheran 
Church, 
7100 pm - Inter-Varsity Christian 
Fellowship meets in the wilds of Warren 
every Wednesday night at 7:00 pm in the 
Chancellor's Complex IIIAI It would be worth 
your while to take that adventurousjoumey 
and lIVe'd love to see youl Join us rer good 
worship and fellowshipl Everyone and their 
pet aloe plant is welcomel 
8:00 pm - Inquirers Seminar: "Why Are 
United Christians So Divided?" led by 
Campus Pastor John Huber. In the University 
Lutheran Church. 
10100 pm - candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel of the University Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
5145 pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great convany . .Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. 52.00 
donation. In the University Lutheran Church. 
71.10.9100 pm - Weekly Bible Stu~ 
sponsored by the United Campus Ministry. 

Stu~ on Romans led by Rev. Wagener, UCM 

~us Minister. Refreshments~ 
welcome. In the Student Center Bldg. B, 
South Conference Room. 
SATURDAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
U1iversity Luther.:r1 Church Chapel. 
71M pm - OGNIB (Bingo spelled 
backwards I. Join us rer a night of Bingo, fun 
and prizes in the "backroom" behind the 
Chapel of the U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. Admission free. Donation AJr 
'1ingo card. 
SUNDAY 
8rOO. 9115. & 11100 ... - Episcopal 
Church Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist 
and Parish fellowship. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Genesee from east end of campus, 
north of La Jolla Village Dr. Intersection of 
Genesee. 
BrIO .... -Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Luther.:r1 Church. 
10100 .... -luther.:r1 Communion service, 
oper1 to all. In the Lniversity Lutheran 
Cf:lurch. 
10110 .... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the catholic Community at UCSD. Lower 
levef Conference Room of the Student 
Center Building B. 
11100 am - Presentation by 
representatives of the Beyond War 
Movement open to all. In the U1iversity 
Lutheran Church. 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Spon~red by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 
7100 pili - Lutheran Communion service, 
open to all. In the University Lutheran 
Church. 
7100-91.10 pm - "Beyond War": A 
presentation by Don and Joann Lundgren, 
leaders of the Beyond War Movement In San 
Diego. Dessert will be 5efVed. In the Catholic 
lounge of the lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
.,5 pm - Episcopal Church Worship 
Service: Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
1100 pm - Oi\SIS Brown Bag Series 
presents Bob Moss, who will speak on 
"Enthusiasm P " 'ding: A Step Towards 
Eternal Cor .. . Jence." In the South 
Conference Room of the Student Center 
Building B. 
TUESDAY 
8100 pm - Brian Patten, Regents' Lecturer 
in the Department of Uterature will give a 
poetry reading entitled "True Confessions of 
a Manuscript Sniffer." In the Center for Music 
Experiment, 40B Warren Campus. 
WEDNESDAY 
1 alOo-iiOO pm - The three week long 
"Celebration of Ufe" begins today from 12-1 
pm at the G;m Steps by the Hump. Come join 
us for aerobics and enjoy the feefing of being 
alivel 
THURSDAY 
51J0-611O pm - Language Tables: Come 
and practice your French, Spanish or German 
over dinner. All interested Students-
espedally native speakers are most cordially 
invited. Dinner on meal card or cash basis. 
Native speakers can have meals provided-
call 455-0157 for information. In the South 
Dining Hall of the Revelle Cafeteria. 
4rJO pm - Don' t forget, your TICKET to 
FAME (if not fortune) expires TODAYI Bring 
In your Student Health Services Logo by 4:30 
pm to Student Health Service 2nd floor, 
Room B. Call 452-2419 if you have any 
questions. 
P'lllDAY 
7100 pm - Campus Recreation presents its 
annual Martial Arts Festival . Drop by to see 
unique and interesting performances by the 
martial arts dubs on campus. In the Main 
G)Im. 
PRlDAY & SATURDAY 

- All-Campus Racquetball Doubles 
Tournament. Entry~: one can of balls. Sigl-
up and details at Ci1nyor1IIi~, x4027. Friday: 
600 pm. Saturday: 8:00 am. 
SATURDAY 
JIOO pm - International Club Beach Bar-8-
Cluel COITle join the international dub rer a 
sun and fun-filled day of soccer, volleyball, 
swimming, suming and music. Hambl,lrgers, 
Hot Dogs, drinks, and morel Stop by 
International Cetner ol'/lce to sig'I up and ~t 
more infol At La ..oua Shores Beach. 
Admission S3.00. 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
'IIOo-JIOO pm - Friday is the last day to get 
)<lUI' application in to i\S10 if you want to do 
.:r1 internShip fall quarterl Visit or call ASIO as 
soon as possible to pick up )'OUr application 
and look throug, our Intership files . Make 
plans now so your fall quarter \I\IOr1't be a 
dragl Our office is located above the game 
room in the Student Center .:r1d our phone 
number is 452-4689. We're open 9-3 daily. 
MONDAY 
2100-JI00 pili - CONTRA-AID-
definition-The non-partisan methods used 
for conception prevention. Attend an 
inlbrmal discussion and get what you need to 
know about contraception free. 4>stairs at 
the Student Health Center. 
TUUDAY 
12100-1100 pili - Not So TrMal Pursuit 
asks, " What types of cancer does ·the pill' 
help prevent?" Well. )'OUr local birth control 
information session tells you the whole truth 
not the half truth. So join us for an informal 
discussion. Today. Second floor of the 
Student Health Center. 
6100 pili - Off-Campus Housing 
Workshop: A Panel of Experts will discuss: 
Strategies for finding a place to live; 
Llndlord/Tenant Rights; Viewpoints on 
IMng in different areas, pIUS a Ouestion and 
Answer Period. Sponsored by the UCSD Off-
Canvus Housing Office. In the Student 
Center Building B, Lower level. 
WEDNISDAY 
12100-1:00 pm - There are ways to 
prevent untimely pregnanty. Chance isn't 
one of them. /(eep a breast of the latest 
contraceptive methods and their 
effectiveness. 4>stairs at the Student Health 
Center. 

Organizational 
MONDAY 
IMOO pm - Come join the Recycling Coop III 
We need your ideas and help. At the Che 
Cafe. 
WEDNESDAY 
J:OO pm - The American Indian Student 
Coundl General Meeting. All Welcomel In 
the SAAC Lounge. 
8100 pm - Ski Club elections. All members 
be sure to attend this meeting and vote in 
your officers for next year. 

MONDAY-PRIDAY 
lr,J0-4rOO pm - SIGI. System of Interactive 
Guidance and Information is a computer-
based program of career information 
designed to help you clarify your values .:r1d 
occupational interests. For more information, 
come to Career Services Center. In Hl 105B. 
8rJHIOO pili - OASIS Writing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, 
and editing advice. We engage any kind of 
writing, and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Evening appointments are now also CtVai/able 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College. (For the 
full range of services see bad< of Fall 
Schedule.) Call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make an appointment. This service is 
CtVailable ttTou\1lOUt the quarter. Sponsored 
by the OASIS Writing Center. 
9100-4100 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline-A grammar hotline phone-in 
service for help with diction, grammar .:r1d 
punctuation pcoblems. To reach Grammar 
Moses call 452-2284 between the hours of 
9:O<K00 Monday-Friday. Sponsored by the 
OASIS Writing Center. Service CtVailable 
throughout the quarter. 
llJH100 pm - Drop-In Hours. For 
questions pertaining to career planning, job 
hunting, r~sume' critiquing, etc. 
Appointments may also be scheduled in the 
morning by cal~ng career Services Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a Graduate, Law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD7 Help with admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A 

- Interested in the Health Professions7 
Advising appointments CtVai/ab/e for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. Call Career Services Center at 
452-4939 in advance for an appointment. 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
1 rOO pili - OASIS Brown Bag Series invites 
}OU to meet Bob Moss speaking on 
"Entusiasm Building: A Step Toward Eternal 
Confidence." In the South Conference Room, 
of the Student Center Building B. 
IIJOoJIOO pili - Mock Interview. Seeing 
and hearing )'OUrself on videotape can help 
put the finishing touches on int~g 
skills . Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills 
Workshop. call career Services Center at 
452-3750 to make .:r1 appointment. In Hl 
1058. 
ZaOo-JIOO pm - OASIS Brainstorming 
Session rer Ut/French 10, 25, 50 classes. 
Reading and writi'lg assignments in the 
atloIfe classes will be discussed in order to 
help students generate ideas .:r1d COfll>OSe 
.:r1 appropriate response. In USB 4070. 
4100 pm - Personal Statement Writing 
Workshop-for graduate and pro~nal 
schoo/. ICO-presented by career Services 
Center and Dr. John Waterhouse of OASIS. 
In Hl 114B. 

TUESDAY 
- Jobs in Politics Field Trip-Get a behind-

the-scenes look at politiCS. Visit Cound/man 
Mike Gotch's office. Sign up at Career 
Services Center by Friday, May 10, 1985. In HL 
1058. 
IIOo-JIOO pm - The Language Program 
Level I and II-This OASIS program focuses 
on the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing spedalists and bilingual 
tutors . LP is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
TIoga Hall, 902. 
2100 pm - How to Get a Job in 
Management-Find out what managers do, 
the different settings in which they work and 
how to get a job and advance. Sponsored by 
Career Services Center. In the Student Center 
Building A. North Conference Room. 
4100 pm - Graduate School Options for 
Science and Engineering Majors-To go or 
not to go 7 A faculty p.:r1e1 will discuss 
graduate school options for Science and 
Engineering majors. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the North Conference 
Room. 
4100-4145 pm - What can you do with 45 
minutes7 You can turn your overwhelming 
assignments into easy tasks WIth the 
TECH(nique) TALK on Assignment Planning 
at USB 4010. Presented by the OASIS Reading 
and Stu~ Skills Center. To sign up, call 452-
2284. 
WEDNESDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a Graduate, Law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD7 Help with admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Stude.,t Center Bldg. A 
2100 pm - Finding the Hidden Job Market 
80% of all job vacandes are unadvertised. 
This workshop will teach you a way to find 
out about them. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the Revelle FQrmal 
lounge. 
THURSDAY 

- Interested in the Health Professions7 
Advising appointments CtVailab/e for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. Call career Services Center at 
452-4939 in advance for .:r1 appointment 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
11100 ... - Intervi~ing Skills Workshop. 
Do )'Ou need help in preparing for job 

inte~7 career Services Center will 
pr~ tips on the best ways to present you r 
qualifications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

11"~1OO pm - Graduate School/law/-
MBA Advising. Planning on a Graduate, Law 
or MBA degree program after UCS07 Help 
with admissions .:r1d application questions 
please drop in today. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 

2:00-2:45 pm - Wish you had a crystal ball 
to tell you what the final exam questions will 
be7 Get the next best thing-the 
TECH(nique) TALK on Psyching Out Exam 
a 's in USB 4010. Presented by the OASIS 
Reading and Stu~ Skills Center. To sign up. 
call 452-22B4. 
2100-.1100 pili - OASIS Brainstorming 
Session for Ut!Spanish 10, 25, 50 classes . 
Reading and writing assignments in the 
above classes will be discussed in order to 
help students generate ideas and corrpose 
.:r1 appropriate response. In USB 4070. 
JIOO pili - Your Skills-Your Career. This 
Career Services workshop helps you identify 
and articulate your skills and retate them to 
particular careers. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
J:OO pm - Careers in Law-A panel of 
attorneys from the San Diego area will 
discuss their specialties. Sponsored by Career 
Services Center. In the North Conference 
Room. 
FRIDAY 
9100-10100 .... - The OASIS GM 
(Grammar & Mechanics) Workshop is 
designed for students who would 'ike to 
work on clarifying basic grammatical 
concepts and categories, and applying them 
in an extensive, systematiC series of practical 
exercises . An exercise manual to be 
purchased by the student will be used. All 
work will be completed in the context of tile 
workshop. In USB 4070. 
11100 .... - The Marketable Resurr ~ 
Workshop. learn how to construct a state-
of-the--art resume that will make you stant 
out from the crowd, in this newly revisa. 
workshop. Sponsored by Career Services 
Center. In the Revelle Formal lounge. 

photos by John Ash ... 
a Rich PecjJ_k 



. . 

16 Mondel), M,() 13, 10.)85 

A National Championship and a whole lot more 

They didn't just play tennis 
By MATT ADAMS, SraJfWnrcl' 

I T WAS THE BIGGE T day and night 111 the hiStory of the UCSD women's tennIS program. When It 
was finallr over (at 12.30 am), the 
pla),ers knew the}' had won the title. 
The actual CM DI\1slon 1II 
championship match was still to be 
played . bur everyone knew the leal 
champIOnship match had already been 
played. 

LaSt Monda)' III Havarford , 
Pennsylv<ll1la, the championshIp tourney 
began, and the Tmons were seeded 
second . They had to pia}' two matches 
on the opening da}', Iheir first agalllst a 
pesky Trenton tate team. Play began at 
noon , and ram delays lengthened the 
mat h, whl h did not end _until 5 pm 
with the score UCSD 5 , Trenton State I. 
Lack of COWl space shortened the 
match that ended when UCSD had won 
an Illsunmountable five of the nllle 
points. 

The foul weather forced the next 
match indoors. The Tritons, forced to 
play on an unfamiliar indoor surface , 
faced a team that had experience on 
such surfaces, Pnnclpia College. 
Principia was seeded fourth but was 
eaSily the second best team in the 
tournament. The match got under way 
at 6:30 pm . 

The number one , two and three 
slllgies matches were all won by 
Pnncipla , all III three sets. Glenna 
Moses , the +I 2 TrIton Singles player, 
almost gave the TritOns a lead but was 
defeated 7-6 in a tiebreaker in the third 
set Triton head coach Liz laPlante said , 
"Pnnclpia was so tOugh . I knew all year 
our depth would help us. and against 
Pnnclpia they really held us up. Lisa 
Gilbert, Melly Sam and Brigid Rea (the 
number four, five and six Singles 
players) all played solid tennIS and 
knotted the score at 3-3 going into 
doubles." 

lisa Gilbert (abovr) and Melly Sarli (nghO saw the Amish oj Pennsylvania, their smoking 
car, and a whole 101 of (ellnIs. 

The PrinCipia it I doubles team bore 
down and beat the tired Triton tandom 
of Jessica Vernon and Nadine Akimoto. 
But at the #2 and #3 doubles position , 
the Tritons' experience prevailed , and 
UCSD had won the match. 

laPlante reflected , "We knew we 
would Win the championship after 
defeating PrinCIpia. We all knew 
Davidson was not that tough ." After a 
late-night snack, the team headed back 
to the hotel for some well-deserved rest. 

The following day the shlnmg sun 
enabled the 12 pm cham pionship 
match to be played outdoors on the 
cement surface. Though many of the 
matches went three sets, the final score 
indicated the dommance of UCSD. The 
only Triton loss was 111 the #4 single 
position, and the final score ended up 
UCSD 8, Davidson 1. The atlonal 
Championship was officially UCSD's 

Jessica Vernon , the Triton # 1 Singles 
and doubles pla)'er. commented on how 
lh\.' \~ctory fell 'To tell ),OU the truth , 
the march agaInst DaVidson was a littk 
anti-climactiC. The PrincIpia mdtch 

should have been the finals . I thi nk we 
were more excited after beating 
Principia than Davidson. It does feel 
good though to be the national champ." 

Vernon continued, "I'm glad too that 
we played Principia on Monday. We 
were really psyched up to win on 
Monday. Saturday and Sunday we were 
very nervous at practices. Everyone was 
tense . You could feel the pressure . Our 
fairly easy first-round win helped relax 
us. I think one thing that many people 
were impressed with was our team 
unity. Pulling for one anOther really 
helped in those tough matches. Monday 
was a long day, but very rewardi ng, too." 

On Wednesday competition began for 
individual titles. In singles, Nadine 
AkimOto and Glenna Moses lost in the 
first round . Moses pushed eventual 
champion Courtney Allen to three sets 
before bOWing out. Akimoto lost in two 
sets. 

In doubles, both UCSD 
representatives played well-so well , In 
fact, that they both got Il1to t,le 
semifinals. where they faced each other. 

Nadll1l' Ahlmoto and jes;lCa Vernon . early nl'rvouSI1CS.\ and pressurt! ~al't! way to a Nallonal Championship 

Vernon said, "It was kind of cute; we 
teased Uz about who she would coach. 
She JUSt sat and watched and left us 
alone." The #1 team of Vernon and 
Akimoto prevailed over Gilbert and 
Moses, 6-4, 0-6, 6-1. 

In the finals, Vernon and AkimOlo 
faced Counney Allen and the # I team 
from Pri ncipia. Pri ncipia had won 6-1, 
6-3 on the indoor surface late Monday. 
On the outdoor surface, however, it was 
a diffe rent StOry. Vernon recalled, "We 
lost the firs t set 5-7 , then won the nexl 
6-3. It was 5-4, we were winning and 
the score in the game was 2-2. I was 
servi ng. I foot faulted and then double 
faulted . The next point ended when I 
smashed a volley cross-court for a 
winner. At 3-3, I was servmg ~o Allen for 
the champIOnship. She hit a weak lob 
that Nadine whomped for the title. I 
may never forget that sequence. 

"It was obVIOUS in that match what 
the concept of team play means. Allen 
was visibly upset with her partner when 
she missed a shot. It was a detrimental 
negative anitude. Nadine and I were ' 
exactly the opposite. We were always 
picking each Other up and positive." 

The usual snafus surfaced during the 
Irip. Coach L..JPlante explams, "We 
illegally parked one of our cars and it 
got towed . The host athletic director 
bailed us OUI 01 that one. Our Other car 
started smokmg and had to be replaced. 
That took a couple of hours. Jessica lost 
her walle t al Villanova. Those problems 
were easy to handle. We even had fun 
and took pictures of the smoking car. 
We also had a little time to sightsee. We 
took a drive to see the lifestyle of the 
Amish people. We didn't just play 
tennis." 

It was a long but rewarding week for 
the nationally prominent team. laPlante 
remarked, "It seemed like we were gone 
a month . Monday was a long, grueling 
da)" but we had a lot of fun . The girls 
really played their hearts out. I'm very 
proud of them ." reJ 

Monday, May 13, 1985 17 
~~ ... :=.. t ~( • ~ "" ... . . ... :o:~~.,*., ......... , .. ~. $ ..... 

A Padre jan's lament implies-Pad highlights, more Pad highlights, and most importantly, only Pad highlights), some of you may be 
wondering why I seem to hold a grudge 
against the Padres' new found success. All hope is not lost. .. The answer is simple. I can't enjoy frequent trips to the stadium anymore . I usually have to sit in the seat I p,lId for! 
The gall. If I mistakenly buy a general 
admission seat, I am thrust into life and 
death struggle with a rotund fan, 
(decked out in early American Padre, 
complete with the "cub-buster" shi rt that 
extends just above his belly button, 
exposing his pale white belly which is 
full of $2.75 Pad/:C beer), for the one 
available seat left m the left field 
bleachers. I usually lose, and resign 
myself 10 watching the game from the 
seat directly behind the foul pole , 
effectively stiffening my neck for two 
days. 

By ROB HASWELL 

THIRTY GAMES INTO the season and the Pads are in first again. This year most experts picked 
them to win the division and they even 
changed their uniforms to pinstripes; 
apparently they are trylllg to even look 
like the winners most people now know 
they are. I struggle with this . Call me a 
lraditionalist, caU me old fashioned , but 
1 personally preferred things the way 
they were before this new fad called 
"wmning" appeared . The Padres, III 
their finely tailored mustard Ul1I 'S, used 
to be baseball's verSIOn of "Revenge of 
the crds." If you lookea up the word 
"inept" in the dl(tionary, you saw the 
Padre team picture. Or seeing Billy 
Almon nestled i11l0 the power fourth slot 
of the lllleup was a delight lor baseball 
punsts everywhere. I mean, Billy Almon? 
Come on! A good day at the plate for 
Almon was 0-4 with no strikeouts. The 
Babe he wasn't. National league teams 
drooled over the prospects of a road 
trip to "America's Finest City." Fun in 
the sun and three wins in the book. 

othing could be nicer. 
But now all that has changed-and 

I'm damned mad about it! Don't these 
I Padres know they upset the delicate 

balance of nature by achieving 
respectability and even, dare I say it-
superiority? ThiS clearly isn't the same 
team whose bumbling play once 
prompted their own owner to publically 
address the fans in auendance , 
apologizing for the team's performance, 
and refunding the price of admission 
(of course, judgmg by the attendance 
figures in those laugh happy years, Mr. 
Kroc probably could have taken care of 
the entire refund with the pocket 
change he was carrying at the timt'). 

Auendan e is a particularily sore spot 
with me. Up unnl last year the Padres 
were one of those teams that kmd of 
reminded you of a broken tOy. They 
were like the haggard teddy bear, wah 
one eye button missing, that everyone 
had as a kid With the stuffing half out, 
but the smile slIll on his face, he didn 't 
have a lot of market value left m him, 
but damned if you love him umil all the 
stuffing came out! The Padres had a 
handful of this type of fan. They would 
faithfully travel to Jack Murphy every 
homestand to root for their 25 favorite 
teddy bears. This was a great situation 
for the non-partisan baseball enthUSiasts 
In the town , su h as myself With the 
my staying away from the ballpark "en 
masse ," it was virtually ImpOSSible to get 
a bad seat. I used to call up the park 
before a game and ask the front olTice 
person on duty at the time, what time 
the game started , and he said, "Well, 

S Programming Presents __ __ 
THE SOVIET CINEMA 

Crime 
and 

Punishment 
220 minutes, 1970, B/W, 

Cinemascope 
The story of Raskolnikov, a poor 
student who constructs a' personal 

philosophy which places him above 
conventional morality and man .. made 

law, is simple in its narrative but 
complex in its psychology, as the 

delertous student is driven to murder 
a local pawnbroker. 

Thursday, May 16 
TLH 104 
7:00 PM 

FREE 

when can you get here?" I'd go to the 
park (at my leisure), buy a two dollar 
general admission ticket, and then I'd 
find my seat some two rows or so 
behind Mr. and Mrs. Kroc. Ray (we 
eventually established a first name basis) 
thought for years that I was a season 
ticket holder. OK, maybe that was a 
slight exaggera tl on , but, as they say, 
"those were the good old days." 

Now the city is infested with the 
nauseating condition they affectionately 
caU "Padre fever." Everyone is a Padre 
fan now. But the funny thing is, they 
were always Padre fans . Just ask 'em. Ask 
'em that IS, if you can get them to look 
up while they hastily paste their new ' 
Padre bumper sticker over their old 
Charger sticker. The common name for 
these newly converted Padre evangelists, 
IS 'frontrunner.' Every winning 
organization aquires these groupies. One 
only has to travel as far as the Bay area 
to find "the dreaded frontrunner 
disease" out of control. The Forty-Niners 
have become the city's darlings Be\vare 
to him who dares to criticize our 
beloved team. ThiS, of course, comes 
from the same people who five years 
ago would have rather watched Mr. T 
IIlrestle than the Nmers play football But 
enough or. that I'm already picking on 
one Ci ty. Aslae from the cQuntless 
slogans (cub-busters, tiger tamers, etc .), 
Padre diSCO songs, McDonald ads, the 
always mindless "wave" and even the 
new -Padre VIsion" at the stadium 
(which is exactly what the name 

All hope is not lost, however. 1 think I 
have a solution. All we have ro do IS re-
establish the past Digress. PUt the 
evolution of the Padres back Into the 
dark ages. Bnng back the mustard Bring 
back Mike Ivie. Give outright releases to 
proven winners like Garvey. enle5 Jnd 
Gossage (hey, it worked for the Dodgers 
and the Yankees ). Where is Enzo 
Hernandez1 Find him and bnng him 
back. Of course , other moves are also 
necessary to assure a omplete 
regression , but thiS IS a good start. As 
much as I would hke 10, I cannot take 
credit for thiS sure-fire method of 
organizational destruction An mtense 
and extensive study 01 PreSident 
Reagan 's current domestic poliCies 
(speCifically In the areas of separJtlon of 
church and state, and human rights) 
have convmced me that this plan Ciln 
work in a business as well a a nanon. 
Maybe we can finally re-establish some 
tradition in this country. I sure am tlred 
of lookmg at the foul pole . 

BUD LIGHT 
Athlete of the Month 

APRIL 

DAN DiMASCIO 
BASEBALL 
6 .. 2, 190 
SAN DIEGO 

During the month of Apri l, catcher Dan DiMascio enjoyed 
one of the most productive months that any Triton baseball 
player has had over the past few years. As a result. the an 
Diego native has been selected as UC San Diego's Bud Light 
Athlete of the Month. 

Coming off a .233, one homerun and 17 RBi freshman 
season in 1984, the 6-2, 190-pounder batted an out tanding 
,483 with three doubles, one triple, ix homerun and 
produced 16 RIBs good for one per each of the Triton April 
games. Counted upon to provide extra base power for UC an 
Diego, DiMascio paced the Tritons in April with a .700 
slugging percentage. In addition, DiMascio tallied 13 runs and 
stole five ba es in ix attempts. 

Other UC an Diego athlete receiving consideration were 
Golf team member Pat Wei han, oftball player Pam 
Hardaway and Women's Tenni player Lisa Gilbert. 

,'fS! ($. 



! • 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

Family Plan.ning: 
a choice, a responsibility 

cont:ldential • proteuional • affordable 
-1'lllIlI pregnancy teau, 
with results while you wait 

-Unpla.nned pregnancy/ 
general or local anesthesia. 

- Birth control 
" Gynecological exa.ms 
,..."., Family Planning 
llaaJ Associates Medical Group 

San Diego 
6495 Alvarado Rd 
(8lt) 187-8118 

The hOITle of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

I ~ ~ MCl)OIt(}la'!m 
i . &!fou. 

M\r .. 11\'i( \td 

7140 Miranlar Rd~ San Diego 
ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quar!~r PuunJ~r ' with Ch~e~c. Large Fry. 

M~'Jium -Si:c Soft Drink Lbh \ ,I1ut I 2001 I ~(nt 11 
Lln)l! 1.)11': l.l"lUpl.ln Pl.'t 
l 'U..,tl '!nlT pl" \ hI[ Pk',hl' 
pr':"'l'l1t LllUp4.1n \\hl.'n 
,)r<.knng \'''1 \ ,Ilrd ,,"h ,an} 
",hn ,,11,'1 

. Just $1.99 11 
(plu. tax) II 

Only a t : II 
7 140 Miramar RJ . II 

~n.:!'::::;W~98j 
______ iiiii 

___ ~= Di'~O(~ 
iiiii_i.ii ______ _ 

JAPANESE 
LANGUAGE 

Speaking, reading and 
writing taught by native 

speakers 
Take advantage of this 
exciting opportunity to 

acquire Japanese language 
facility! 

First Year Japanese (Chinese Studies 31) 
LEC MWF 11:00-11:50 P&L 1110 

Tut 1 TTh 9:00· 9:50 TIH 102 
Tut 2 TTh 12:00·12:50 TIH 102 
Tut 3 TTh 10:00·10:50 P&L 1320 
Tut 4 TTh 3:00· 3:50 P&L 1320 

Second Year Japanese (Chinese Studies 41) 
LEC MWF 10:00-10:50 Ext 150 

Tut 1 TTh 2:00- 2:50 P&L 1111 
Tut 2 TTh 3:00- 3:50 P&L 1111 

Third Year Japanese (Chinese Studies 131*) 
LEC MWF 9:00-9:50 HSS 1305 
Fourth Year Japanese (Chinese Studies 141*) 
LEC MWF 10:00-11:20 P&L 2334 
Pleaae note: 

The academic year sequence in Japanese language begns only in the Fall 
Quarter. 

Listings for Japanese language are to be found in the quarterly schedule 
booklet under Chinese Studies. 

* Denotes that this time is subject to Academic Senate approval. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION 

PLEASE CALL 452 .. 6477 

LOCKelT LOCKERS 
9550 Kearny Mesa Road 

Son Diego, California 92126 
(619) 566-7090 

SELF STORAGE 
FOR SUMMER 

MONTHS 
NO DEPOSIT 

WITH THIS AD 
NO ADMINISTRA nON FEE 
(BRING THIS'AD WITH voLl') 

Take time this 
summer to 

change your life! 
Make the summer Of 'BS your best ever! In 

just nine fascinating weeks you can be fully 
prepared for a career in the world of travel: 

agency, airline, cruise, hotel. Course includes 
your choice of airline computer training: 

sabr~ APOllO, or Pars?J 
Next classes begin May 28 
Class size limited; register 298-0890 
early 21 TRAV~L 

.cHOOUI 
71101 Mission Center Ct. san DIegO 92108 

learn chinese 
Chinese Studies II-First Year Chinese 
Lee MWF 9:00-9:50 Ext 150 Course Code 5966 

Tut 1 TThF 8:00- 8:50 HSS 3086 
Tut 2 TThF 10:00-10:50 HSS 3086 
Tut 3 TThF 11:00-11:50 HSS 3086 
Tut 4 TThF 8:00- 8:50 TIH 102 

Chinese Studies 21-Second Year ChineH 
Lee MWF 10:00-10:50 P&L 1117 Course Code 5967 

Tut 1 TThF 9:00- 9:50 HSS 3086 
Tut 2 TThF 10:00-10:50 SS 2103 

Chinese Studies III-Third Year Chinese 
Lee MW 9:00-9:50 HSS 1138 Course Code 5971 

and F 1:00-1:50 HSS 1138 
Chinese Studies 121-Fourth Year Chinese 
See A Lee MW 1 :00·2:50 HSS 2152 CC 5911 

and F 1:00·1:50 HSS 2152 
See S Lee TTh 1:00·2:50 P&L 2334 CC 5972 

(For students with extensive Chinese language background) 
For further information contact the program 

in Chinese Studies H&SS 3084, 452-6477 

GUARDIAN ELEC liONS 
A"PLlCA TIONS ARE NOW BEING ACCEPTED 

for the position of 
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF OF THE UCSD GUARDIAN. 
Applicants must be enrolled at UCSD, and 
previous joumalism experience is essential. 
Experience in graphics, typesetting, paste-up, 
copy editing and stress management is also 
useful. 

The editor is responsible for the overall content, format 
and production of the paper and supervises all student 
personnel. The editor also conducts all meetings and 
represents the newspaper on campus and in the community. 

THE DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS IS 
MONDAY, MAY 11, 1985 AT 1 PM. 

The applications should list relevant experience, plus goals 
and proposed changes for the Guardian, and may be either 
formal or informal. 

APPt.lCA TIONS are also being accepted for all other 
editorial positions: managing editor, news editor, 
associate news editor, opinions editor, copy editor, 
sports editor, arts editor, associate arts editor, 
perspectives editor and photo editor. 
These applicants will be screened by the editor-in-chief,'whose 
recommendations are subject to Executive Board approval. The 
deadline for applications is Friday, MIIy 17. and must be 
available for intervielNS before Tuesday. May 21. when all 
positions will be filled, 

Monday, May 1 J, 1985 19 

Be the Best You Can Be 

STYLE BY ANTHONY WALKER 

This coupon entitles bearer to 
$3.50 off any service. 

Offer expires July 1, 1985 

~~OFLONDON 
For more information, 

contact Phil Lauder at 452-6580. 
7580 Fay Avenlte, Suite A La Jolla, CA 92037 

MASTER CHARGE-VISA (619) 456-2044 HAIR & NAILS 

Unless you cutout this 
coupon, the only · gyou'll be 

a starin is your own Oreams. 
Millions of people dream of 

making it big in show business. 
But the cold reality is that 

only a chosen few actually break 
in, let alone become superstars. 

But you can increase your 
chances a thousandfold. 

By ordering Nina Blanchard's 
new, first-edition video "How to 
Break into Motion Picrures, Televi-
sion, Commercials and Modeling:' 

have what it rakes and more. Wally Nicita, to mention a few. 
And you'll hear first-hand, At only $59.95, this 2~ hour 

from the likes of Academy-Award tape is not only a bargain if 
winner Cloris Leachman, super- you're serious abo ut breaking 
star models Cheryl Tiegs and Jeff into show business, 
Aquillon, famous casting director Its a dream come true. 
r--------------------------------------, Call}-800-227-3800 Ext. 548 

10 order "I low 10 Break imu Motion PidU~, 
Television, COlnlocrciab and Modding" or fill in 
the coupon and send it in llx.iar 
I'm scriou~ ahoul hreaking imo show hui>irx.~~. 
Send me Nina Blanchard); \'id('tx:a~-.elte tod:ly 

Ple:be ~end me __ vitk.'(x":~nt:s (a $')9.9') 
each, p lm, 1-1.')0 shipping and handling 
(C.alifomia residcnL, add 6Yl~ i>ale; lax.) 

o Enclo.,ed i, m\' check or money order 
made (lUI [0 Amliony Production~' in the 

a IllOll m of For over 24 years, Nina 
Blanchard has been a superstar in Name _____ _ $ ____ _ 

o 'harge '0 the follo\\ ing 
credIt card: her own right. As an agent who 

has launched and guided the ca-
reers of some of the industry's 
most famous actors and models, 

Ac.ldn.."'~ _____ _ 
1\1a.~[ercard 0 Vi'-'l 0 
My l":lrd nllmlx:r is __ 

Expiralion Dale __ _ Now, for the first time, you 
can .~I 'e advantage of her wealth AJlcrt.'<.htcardordersmuhl I.dl\' tx: ~igl1<'''<.1. Allow 3-"1 weeks 

Clly _______ _ 

of experience and knowledge. Slate Zip -' --- for deli\'t'rv, Mall to: ina 
On tht'S' vl'deoca'''serre, you CI1<.'<-k lbln.,<llunn"1 0 VI IS 0 BnA fllanlhJrtl : 1>0. Box ~O!l, 

'" Ilnll>"" lod , C:L 90028 
will find all the information you Nina Blanchard's SI~I1:llllrc ______ _ 
need to get started, to fin~ an "How to Break into Motion Pictures 
agent, to maste r the techmques of T. 1 .. C "ats d Mod lind' 
auditioning, to find out if you .Ie eVlSloo, ._r2!!!!PESG<t["'''''''''~''''''''I- e 0" L ______________________________________ ~ 



~ . 

ClassIfied advertIsIng space Is sold In 
100-cha racter Increments. Each 
letter, punctuatIon mark and space 
between \/\lOrds Is consIdered a 
character, wIth capItal letters 
countIng as two characters. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 characters for students 
and $3 per 100 characters for non-
students. You must come by the otnce 
or mall In your ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday' s paper . For more 
InformatIon call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UC:SO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Violin , viola, prep for 32 or Just for fun. 
IndiVIdual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-06 71. (6/6) 

LA JOUA ACADEMY OF ADVERTIS-
ING ARTS I-yr course &Job placement 
assIStance In advertising, design, copy, 
production, sales, marketing or 
publicity. Now enrollmg for June 17. 
Free catalog 459-0201. (6/6) 

ASIO fall quarter internships close Fri. 
May 17. Stop by our ofc., Studt. Ctr. 2nd 
fl. for more info. (5/16) 
1985 UCSD Semi-Formal: May 24, 9-1 at 
Sheraton Harbor Island. Hors d'oeuvres, 
danang & music by Private Domain & 
91X Road Show SIO/ea. at Box ote. 
Tickets are limited, so buy yours todayl 
(5/16) 
Wednesday 5/15 7 and 9 at TLH 107: 
Repo Manl Tickets S2 at Box Office. 
Brought to you by KSDT. (5/13) 

Hear Dean of Engineering, M. Lea 
Rudee, discuss CURRENT TRENDS IN 
ENGINEERING AT UCSD. This Friday, 
May 17th, Noon. New Warren 
Apartments ' Common Lounge. Ught 
Refreshments/All welcome. Ouestions/ 
More mfo, call 452-3068. (5/16) 

Can you afford a LSA T, MCA Tor GMA T 
prep course 7 Come to the Hump at 
noon May 15 where the Plea Org. will 
auction off a Stanley Kaplan Prep Course. 
(5/13) 
PRE-MEDSI Don't loose tlmel Get that 
very Important practical experience 
reqUired for med school applications. 
Have more than just a ran-eam 4-12 
units this summer. Opportunity abounds 
at the ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM. Apply now at 406 We. 
(5/16) 
REPO MANII Wednesday 5/157 and 9. 
Tickets S2 at the Box Office. Brought to 
you by KSDT TLH 107. (5/13) 

Adorable animal rubber stamps : Cats, 
kittens , bunnies, bears, pandas, 
penguins, unicoms, etc. I CNer 320 
designs I Use on notepads, brighten 
envelopes, checks, create stationery, 
stickers etc. I Great gift ideal Free 
catalog I Send SA.s.E. (.39) to: Critter 
Care Center, P.O. Box 77, Solana Beach, 
CA 92075. (6/6) 
For Sale: Qu en-size bed (mattress, box 
spring, frame) Call Kevin at 453-6210 
Very goo condition. (5/16) 

PIGS & PIG 1'S for salel Good pets-
good m t Co L3 436-7993 (5/16) 

Jensen 6-1/2", 75 watt speakers. Cost 
SilO, selling for S70. Never used. Also, 
Dunlop tennis racquet, S35. Call Billy at 
566-7273, leave message (5/16) 
Hewlett-Packard 41CV with 
rechargeable battery pack and all 
manuals. SI70 or best offer. Call 
evenings. 455-5839. (5/16) 
Tears for Fears, Howard Jones, Frankie, 
Jimmy Buffett, Spyro Gyra, Chaka Khan, 
Pat Metheny & morel Great seats 
starting at S20. Call Keith 436-8041, 
keep trying or leave message. Mention 
UCSD for student discount. (5/16) 
10 Speed Nishiki Olympic, new chain 
and freewheel. Ladies frame. Great 
shapel S125. Call 483-2790. (5/13) 

~ III. HI I l· Z ,.. 
. 1 .... 1 '''IIj • .:; !..IIII 

.... 

Wanted: Talented people to write or 
illustrate for the Guardian. Call 452-
6580. (6/6) 
Wanted. Secretary/law clerk, flexible 
hours, good typing skills . Call 459-4118; 
459-0032. (5/13) 
Student wanted to babysit an Infant tvv'O 
afternoons a week and some evenings. 
Call Debbie at 275-6555. (5/16) 
SUMMER CAMP KEY STAFF-wanted 
for beautiful resident Jewish camps in 
Malibu. Counselors, songleaders, 
waterfront specialist (WSI required), 
programmers, and secretaries. 
Interested7 Contact Stuart Simmons, 
Director or Karen Fox, Rabbi Wilshire 
Boulevard Temple Camps. 213388-2401. 
(5/9) 
Child sitters needed for our aged 4-1/2 
and 2-1/2 year old boys. Family in 
Leucadia will pay transportation time for 
college students who have their own 
car. Please call Dr. Harris 944-7701. 
(5/16) 
Attn . Third College Students I 
Applications now being accepted for 
faculty/student interaction. Apply in the 
Dean's Office. (5/16) 

Need tvv'O drivers to south Maryland. All 
expenses paid. References required. 
583-3201 or 286-4370. (5/28) 

Now hiring 2 Revelle resident interns, 
educational programmer, and coffee 
house manager Referrals at Student 
Employment until May 21. Info, 452-
3025 (5/16) 

Wanted:MALE non-smokers for Psych 
stUdy. Call Michel momings or after 
9pm. 454-9768. Paid SIO. (5/13) 

Childcare needed 2-1/2 days per week, 
my home. 755-6833. (5/20) 

Solana Beach Construction and Cabinet 
Manufacturing Company needs 
energetIC person to manage all phases of 
o ffice tasks . Person who enjoys 
responsibility and can choose directions . 
Company is growing rapidly and this is 
an excellent opportunity to enter and 
contribute to this development. Typing, 
accounting (computer) are the skills 
required. Salary commensurate to skills 
and experience. 755-2592. (5/16) 

Wanted: Responsible driver for senior 
couple to Seattle or Portland In our car, 
In June. 483-8282. (5/13) 

ApplicatiOns now available for 2 Revelle 
resident Intern poSitions We will be 
hiring an educational programmer and a 
(off house manager. Refer r· Is at 
Student Employm nt Infl 452 3025. 
Dead n May 21 (5/ 6) 

La Jolla Playhouse needs summer 
housing: Sublets, rentals, roommates. 
Agreements signed. Call Carol 452-
6760. (6/6) 

\/lew twnhse bike to UCSD 1400 sq. ft. 
gar. Pool. Assume 9.7%. Open Sun. 1-4 
pm. Ovvner 582-4904. (5/13) 

Rm in lUXUry condo located in Solana 
Bch. Avail. 6/16. Microwave, furnished, 
2 jacuz, 2 pools, 2 tennis crts, on beach, 
sauna. S3oo/mo, Sloodeposit, first & last 
females only. Please call 481-3290. (5/13) 

Room for rent in the Mira Mesa area. Rm 
IS completely furnished & near stores. 
Must share bath. Rent is S225/mo. w/ 
1/3 utilities. Deposit is neg. For more info 
call 586-0734. Ask for I'v1ori. (5/13) 

Wanted-people to rent new U condo; 
furnished, free HBO, VCR, 
washer/dryer, pool, jacuzzi, 
S272/person (includes utilities)-Call 
Gary at 457-0601 anytime; condo 
available from 6/16-9/16. (5/16) 

Short term (until June 15). Room in La 
Jolla. Prvt. entrance, 560 mo. & 6 hrs. 
vveek care of disabled \M)man. Prefer 
some experience. 459-7124. (5/13) 

Room for rent: in brand new La Jolla 
Colony condo. Everything new, clean. 
Must seel Call eve 453-8939. (5/20) 

Summer In Berkeley. Couple seeks SD 
hoUSing 6/15 thru Aug. Offer Berk. 
home in exch. (415) 549-1143. (5/16) 

Top Drawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word 
processing. Diane 481-4160. (6/6) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many 
twe styles to choose from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery, quality work, FAST", 
S2/page (double spaced' . Call 
Interactive M icro Systems at 452-9949. 
(6/6) 
Racket Stringing and Grips-Low prices, 
24-hr. servICe. Call Andy at 458-9269. 
(5/16) 
Typing : IBM/rush jobs/editing/fast, 
profeSSional reSUlts. 453-0656 or 296-
7333 Shari. (6/6) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Andy 
laurence 279-8056. (6/6) 

LOOKING FOR A SUMMER JOB 7 You'll 
need the right resume. Resume service-
452-7471. (5/16) 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING , Word 
Processing & Tape Transcription . 
Reasonable rates. The Key Word, 459-
5818. (6/6) 
DON'T LET YOUR friends lose your 
messages. Private # and answer service. 
S12.50 mo. 226-5711. (5/13) 

IBM WORD PROCESSING/EDITING. 
Fast/accurate. Pick up/deliver UCSD. 
Call Sally at 453-7511. (5/13) 

Burke Secret n I-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush JOb sp clalty 15 
yrs xp r La Jolla 57-3842 (6/6 1 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all 
your typing needs call Barbara at 454-
7624. Rushjobs accepted (5/30) 

Typing : IBM/RUSH JOBS/EDITING/ 
FAST, Professional results/453-0656 or 
296-7333 Shari. (6/6) . 
Star Words Typing & Word Processing. 
9580 81k. Mtn. Rd. St-6. Student papers, 
thesis. 578-4041. (5/16) 
TYPING: Fast, experienced, proofing, 
tool SI.50/pg. Revae-453-9067. (5/16) 

Sexy and sleek summer body and face 
wax. 20% off manicure and pedicure 
25% off. Near campus. 457-2003. 
(5/23) 
GMAT/LSAT TUTOR. PhD student 4 
years teaching experience; former 
instructor for major US test prep center. 
Intensive, analytic method. Andrew 
459-7602, eves. (5/13) 

KSDT presents Repo Man Wednesday 
May 15 7 and 9 at Tl}i 107. TIckets S2 at 
the Box Office. (5/13) 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
vve doh't want your business. TIckets, 
accidents, sports cars , good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
(5/16) 
ASIO fall quarter internships close Fri. 
May 17. Stop by our ofc, Studt. Ctr. 2nd fl . 
for more info . (5/16) 
1985 UCSD Semi-Formal; 5/24 Sheraton 
Harbor Island. SIO/ea. thru 5/17. Tix ltd; 
buy yours todayl (5/16) 

Hey Mari~ Gabriella Whitel Happy 20th 
Birthdayl 5/15/85 the Genie & Blender 
Bob are waiting for you. Love ya always 
A n ' J. (5/13, 

~ttn . Third College students I 
Applications now being accepted for 
faculty/student interaction. Apply in the 
Dean's Office. (5/16) 

This Wednesday: Repo Man. 7 & 9 at TLH 
107. Tickets S2 at Box Office. Presented 
by KSDT. (5/13) 

* * * * * * * * * * Congratulations to all 
the charter members of Kappa Kappa 
Gamma--KKG. (5/13) 

Ellen Pinsky, The party's CNer butourfun 
has just begun. looking forward to a 
great 6 weeks and an even greater 
summer. I could never ask for a better 
sister or a better friend. EI-f'm lucky to 
have youl Thanks for j<)ur lovel Allison. 
(5/13) 

~mtfgIMl-l 
Lost: T\M) keys on plain key ring 5/8 in or 
bet'Neen Peterson 110 and MOM. If 
found please call 453-8217. (5/20, 

Lost. Men's 8" gold bracelet Sentimental 
value. 421-6008. Keep trying. (5/20) 
Lost. Keys S20 reward. Large Mazda and 
GIn openers. Sentiment value. Call 270-
8763 Ask for Craig. (5/20) 

SUbstantial reward for Oceanid banner 
m,s~lng 5/5/85 from Pub front N 
q' estlOns asked 453-7244. (5/20) 


