
- . - ,.- .,.-- ~ 
/'" ---

-.' - - ~ 
.... -

, .... 

~( 



2 Thursday, March H , 1985 
NE~ 

'. ":.~. . ." . ~.:. ~»»vY :... . ,,.,.,.,, ~l->M<'_:+ .:-:. • " 

A unique lenure entitled "Hitlerism 
and the Holocaust" will be presented 
Thursday, March 14, at 7 pm in 
Pete rson 108. 

Helen Waterford and Alfons Heck 
will speak on the dangers of Nazism 
and why "we must never forget the 
horrors of the holocaust." 

Waterford, who fled Germany in the 
1930s, and who worked for the 
Resistance in Holland, is a jewish 
survivor of the Auschwitz extermination 
camp. She articulates her daily 
experiences during those years because 
oC her "strong commitment to the dead; 
to the millions of jews who died solely 
because they were Jewish ." 

Heck, at the age of 17, trained as a 
Luftwaffe pilot and was a Hitler Youth 
leader in the final years of the war. He 
also met Albert Speer and Adolph Hitler. 
He articulates his daily experiences as a 
former Hitler Youth leader in World 
War n, because it's his chance to "set 
the record straight for the young of 
Germany, who were turned into 
mindless fanatics and died for an evil 
cause," 

Waterford and Heck, who have 
lectured together and indiv idually 
throughout the US and Europe, are 
being brought to UCSD through the 
combined efforts of Third College'S 
Affirmative Action and Retenllon 
Committee and Western Sta te 
UniverSIty. 

o 
A new "Opponunities Abroad Office" 

has just opened on the second floor of 
the UCSD International Cemer. The 
office provides information about the 
full range of options for students to 
study, work , or take advantage of 
educaoonal travel opportunities abroad. 
It fearures information on universities 
and systems of higher education abroad , 
study programs o ffered b), US 

institutions other than the University of 
California, and special "courses for 
fore igners" o ffered by institutions 
abroad , as well as Inte rnational graduate 
programs both in the US and abro<ld . 

The resource library also includes 
info rmation on opportunities to do 
academIC internsh ips and volunteer 
projects abroad , and key references on 
planning international careers and 
seeking funding for study or res~arch 
abroad . Finally, basic c rosscultural 
communication and COUntry background 
information are available in the office. 

Annually SO-lOO UCSD students study 
abroad through the UC systemwide 
Education Abroad Program (EAP). EAP, 
considered one of the finest study 
abroad programs offered by any US 
university, operates 47 study centers in 
26 countries in Asia, Australia, Africa, 
Europe, Latin America and the Middle 
East. Students must have junior standing 
and a minimum 3.0 GPA at the time 
they go abroad. VirtUally all of the UC 
programs last a full academic year, and 
a number of them require two years of 
prior foreign language training. 

The Opportunities Abroad Office is 
open weekdays 9-4:30. 

o 
"Captured by Camera," a special 

photographic exhibit of underwater 
wildlife, will be on display March 30 
through june 2 in the aquarium at 
UCSD's Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

The color photographs depict various 
marine animals , from fragile jellyfish to 
massive sperm whales, in beautiful 
natural habItats in oceans around the 
world . The Scripps Aquarium , located at 
8602 LaJolla Shores Drive, is open from 
9 am to 5 pm daily. Admission is free . 

The photographs are the work of 
underwater photographers Charles 
Arneson and Flip Nicklin. During the 

~----------~----------~ 
=. - I- .,. ,. 

ij • 10IIII1"1 WI ~ IrI..III 
-

~ .-J ~ 
.J ...,j II. .. .I~ "",... 

II. 
1-1 I .. 1I00J lI'mD 

11 IL. ~i 
rJ 17 ~~ 

I I 

Cover: As finals week approaches and life 
approaches the speed of sound, the sound of speed 
appeals to the ears (and, at times, noses) of many 
UCSD students, Actually, caffeine is the most 
common fonn of stimulant used during these and 
other pressure-packed (imes, A look at (hese 
"uppers." (heir effects and (he problems (hey could 
cause in the cover story on page 7. 
News: UCSD gets $2 million worth of computers, the batde 
between the Administration and CaIPIRG remains heated, 
and animal rights issues reappear in the State Legislature. 
Opinions: Assorted ramblings on all things great and 
political. more on the Geneva Talks, plus letters and 
Doonesbury, 
Perspectives: "the writer's i" in your face : Ten litde Indians 
writing laudatory words to accompany their editor-in-chief. 
SpoltS: Baseball cleans up Oxy while controversy brews after 
the resignation of assistant coach Charlie Cox, softball comes 
home with the trophy after visiting Redlands, and swimming 
goes Nationals. 
Hiatus: A look at the Talking Heads, the Drama Department 
gets a new chainnan, the opera Trillium gets risky in a strict 
kind of way, a review of Witness, and $0 Reveal comes to 
Friday's TGIF. Plus Goings On. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

past ten years they have photographed 
marine life in environments rarely 
visited by most divers, utilizing various 
diving techniques from snorkeling to 
saturation diving. The collection of 

photographs on display at Scripps 
Aquarium range from views of near-
shore marine life inhabitants to animals 
in the open ocean including seals, 
sharks, fish and corals. 

o rsectio,n-------------------------------------------------~ ~ f CalPIRG seeks waivable fee approval 
A disagreement between the student-run Califo rnia 

Public Interest Research Group (CaIPIRG) and the UCSD 
Administra tion, regarding whether CalPIRG funding 
should generate from student walvable fees or from 
donations, may result in the termination of the UCSD 
CalPIRG chapter at the end of this academic year 
followmg two and a half years of negotiations. 

According to UCSD semor KI m Paulus, statewide 
chaIr of the CalPIRG Board of Di rectors , "A waivable fee 
[a totaled fee wi th specific deductions allowed ) most 
directly reflects the students' vote . You can't run an 
educanonal system on donations; tha t's why stud ents 
originally voted for CaIPIRG." 

student proposal," which requests a form similar (0 the A 
option but which omits separate mandatory and 
voluntary fee columns which total the mandatory fees 
(excluding CalPlRG) and voluntary fees (CaIPIRG and 
health insurance) currently on fonn A. CalPIRG wants 
these totals removed. 

Paulus believes that the majority of students are in 
favor of the waivable fee and that "the minority do have a 
choice not to pay it." She says thaI this new student 
proposal shows students a clear option (0 deduct fe~s 
and meets aU the guidelines and requirements, and feels 
it should pass. 

CalPIRG members fear lhat If the fee is removed from 
the mandatory fee lisnng, then not enough students may 
voluntarily pay for the service and the organI zation 
would cease to exist. 

Ronald Bowker of the RegIstrar's O ffi ce said that the 
Administratio n is nor in favor of watching CalPIRG 
dissolve at UCSD, but It does feel that all fees, Including 
CaIPIRG's, should be clearly listed on student fee 
sta tements. 

According to AS VIce President Mary Rose Alexander, 
a commIttee headed by Revelle Dean Ernie Mort and 
comprised of members from all four colleges, the 
Associa ted Students, the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC), the Health Center and CalPlRG , 
came up with twO possible forms in which the fees could 
be hsted . Form A, a waivable system, Includes two 
figures: one registration fee total and one registration fee 
tOtal plus health insurance . Each is followed by two 
asterisks whIch refer to an explanation stating, 'The 
above torals mclude $3.00 for CaIPIRG .. .. If you do nor 
wish to pay for this volunta ry fee , SImply deduct $3 .00 
from the registration fee totals . ... " 

therefore sent to Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joe Wat.>on for approval. Watson said that the 
Admmistra tion and CalPIRG differ on three points: ( I) 
that mandatory fees should be explicitly stated and 
tOtaled on the form; (2) th at mandatory and voluntary 
fees are the only two types of fees that University policies 
recognize, and (3) that the Administration prefers listing 
four payment options on forms so students know what 
they must pay. 

According to Paulus, Watson docs not believe that 
Sludents support CalPIRG. In an attempt to disprove this 
belief, CaiPIRG members, including Paulus, petitioned 
on campus last month and coUected 6,000 student 
signatures to show that students are in favor of a 
waivable fee system within CaIPIRG. What these 
signatures actuaUy indicate, however, is questionable. 

Paulus said that Watson has very strong ideas, adding, 
"He's denying students the right to use the referendum 
process for issues." The issue has surpassed CalPIRG 
and has become "clearly a srudent rights issue. The 
student referendum is being infringed upon by the 
CalPIRG," Paulus said. 

Fo rm B, a donation system wh ich CalPIRG is strongly 
opposed to, includes fo ur totals: ( 1) mandatory fees, (2) 
mandatory fees and Cal PIRG, (3) mandatory fees a nd 
health Insurance, and (4) a combination of all three. 

The forms involve an administrative matter and were 

Watson is aware that form A "reflects the desire of 
CalPIRG to be included in the two-payment option," but 
feels that form B is less deceptive, which is why it was 
accepted. 

CalPIRG dId not want ro be a part of the four Singular 
li stings, so the group took itself completely off the fee 
statement for this winterquarter and received temporary 
funding from other CalPIRG chapters. According to 
Paulus, "This was an attempt to prove that CalPIRG is 
se rious and needs student help and will leave if 
necessary. " 

CalPIRG insists that form A is the only realistic option 
and that form B is not VIable because It will force the 
organizati on ro fold . 

AnOther proposal Paulus referred to is caUed " he 

In response , Watson said, "How does she say that the 
Administration should nO( exercise its administrative 
responsibilities? I don't know how she is referring to 
Sludent rights; isn't it a right for students to have (clear) 
choices on their statements?" 

In an attempt to clear up some of the confuSion, 
Watson sent a letter to each college council explaining 
why the Administration is involved in the issue. 

Watson thought it fair to put the issue up to the AS or 
to the students. The AS Council discussed the issue in 
last night'S meeting, debating specifically the wording 
of the referendum. The Council officially sided with 
CaI'>lRG by supporting the selection of the wording in 
form A. 

-Suzanne Ufson 

Thursday, March H , 1985 3 
NE~ 

N • '.{ ..;Yo ..... ~ .x. x~~.. .' yo:: ,., . .... ,~ ... ~ ." .,. ~.. ~ . ~ ;.: ~..... .~ ff. , ...... .' • ," ,;; 

An imal rights issue 

Vasconcellos reintroduces "peace package" 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Corrtsponcitnt . 

T WO ISSUES OF TRADITIONAL concern to the University of Califomia and the UC Student 
Lobby have re-emerged in the Assembly 
in the final days legislators have to 
introduce biOs this year. 

Assemblyman Bill Bradley (R-
Escondido) is proposing legislation 
requiring UC and other research 
institutions working with animals to 
appOint a watchdog commission on 
animal research. 

Assemblyman john Vasconcellos (D-
Santa Clara) has re-introduced two 
measures in his annual "Peace Package" 
which were supported by the lobby but 
vetoed by Gov. George Deukmejian last 
year. 

Bradley's bill, written with the help of 
animal rights' lobbyiSts who fought for 
the construction of a UC Berkeley life 
science building last year, will actually aid 
UC in its research , Vasconcellos argued. 

"This will be one way of heading 
something off that the institutions 
couldn't live with," Bradley said . "I'm 
trying to avoid the continual hassle 
researchers get now. If we don't do this, 
after awhile the politicans will enact 
something they (researchers) can't live 
with." 

Bradley's bill, now known as Assembly 
Bill 1319, would require all institutions 
to form a seven-member commission to 
review animal research projects and 
determin whether the proposals are 
"unnecesSary, repetitiOUS or inhumane: 

The commission would consist of four 
animal rights activists from outside UC 
and three from the University, Bradley 
said. Institutions failing to comply with 
the act could face a $1,000 fine, he 
added. 

Gladys Sargent, an Oakland-based 
animal rights activist who testified 
against a $42 miUion appropriation for 
the Berkeley life sciences building, 
worked with Bradley in writing the 
proposal, but reserved full support. 

"I wouldn't say it would satiSfy me, 
but I would say that it's helpful," Sargent 
said. 

Bradley said no research groups, 
including UC, have contacted him on 
his bill, but he added he doesn't expect 
their suppon. 

could hamper academic treedom. 
But current UC policy requires one 

animal rights supporter to sit on all 
oversight committees goveming animal 
research on all campuses, a 
spokeswoman said. Berkeley's Committee 
for the Protection of Animal Subjects has 
three community members among its 
ranks, including one animal rights 
lobbyiSt. 

Rose said she was unfamiliar with the 
bill and that UC legislative analysts 
would have to study the proposal before 
UC could take an official stand . 

Although no animal rights bills 
restricting research had been introduced 
in the state Legislature until Bradley's 
measure was submitted last week, UC 
offiCials expressed concern at the 
beginning of the year thaI the issue 
would come up again. LaSi year, UC 
campaigned against Senate President 
Pro Tem David Robert's proposal to fine 
pounds selling animals for research 
purposes $500. 

The Los Angeles Democrat's bill 
passed the Senate but died in the 
Assembly Govemmental Organization 
C:ommittee. 

Animal rights have been mOSt recendy 
debated at UCLA and Berkeley. The 
Buddhist Concemed for Animals Inc. 
filed a suit against the US Department 
of Agriculture February 5 charging that 
the Animal Welfare Act had nor been 
enforced at Berkeley. 

Two years ago, a self-styled vigilante 
group "liberated" research animals from 
the Harbor-UCLA Medical Center over 
the wimer holiday break. 

Bradley said he hasn't consulted with 
the governor's office but expects 
Deukmejian to support the bill. 
Vasconcellos, whose annual introduction 
of the "Peace Package" won him the 
student lobby's Humanitarian Award this 
year, has included several changes in 
his legislation in an attempt to coax 
Deukmejian into signing it. 

The first bill , calling for a California 
Postsecondary Education Commission 
Study on a student exchange program 
with the Soviet Union, has been 
amended to declare a state of the USSR 
a "sister state" with California. The 

exchan~e program would take place 
between Califomia and the "sister state." 

6, the anniversary of the Hiroshima 
bombings, "Peace Day" in California and 
would establish a commission which 
would hand out ten state peace prizes. 

The second bill would appropriate 
$50,000 for the awards, Sager said. 

VasconceUos will introduce other 

resolutions for the entire package, Sager 
said, noting that the March 8 deadline 
for introducing bills does not apply to 
non-binding resolutions . 

UC Student Lobby Director Jim 
Lofgren said he expects the lobby to 
support the package again this year. ~ 

"Nobody likes to have rules imposed 
on them. Professors don't like to have 
their government grants reviewed by lay 
people," Bradrey acknowledged. 

The "sister state" provision will make 
the bill "more palatable' to the governor, 
VasconceUos aide Sherri Sager said. In a 
letter to the Assemblyman laSt year, 
Deukrnejian said he vetoed the measure 
because cultural exchanges such as the 
one proposed by Vasconcellos are the 
duty of the federal government. 

The Good Humor Boys 
UC Lobbyist Celeste Rose agreed that 

the commission could pose some 
problems for UC, which considers that 
off-campus animal rights advocates 

Josie Foulks, director of the UCSD Day Care Center, accepts a check for $95 from ZBrs 
(ri~ht to left) Charles Le':)', &ny Nahin and Victor Fuks. The money was raised by the 
fraternity from ice cream sales on Revelle Plaza. 

The second bill would declare August 

1985 ... 86 
ON CAMPUS HOUSING FOR UNDERGRADUATES 

PLANS FOR SPRING QUARTER ROOM LOITERlES ARE NOW BEING MADE 
DEADLINES ARE IMPORTANT; FOLLOW THEM CAREFULLYI 

FOR DETAILS 
COLLEGE APPLICATIONS AVAII.ABLE APPUCATION DEADLINE C.UL 

MUIR AT THE MUIR RESIDENCE HALLS OFFICE .. pm, Monday, April 8 .. 52 .... 200 
Monday, April 1 

INFORMATION SESSION: WEDNESDAY. APRIL 3. 8 PM, MUIR CAFETERIA 
REVELLE AT THE REVELLE RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE Wednesday, April 17 "52-3025 

Monday, April 1 
THIRD AT THE THIRD RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE Friday, April 12 "52-040 

Monday, March 18 
WARREN AT THE WARREN RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE 10 pm, Wednmay, April 2 .. ..52 .... 581 

Monday, April 1 

INFORMA nON SESSIONS: MONDAY, APRIL 8; THURSDAY, APRIL 11 & WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17 
8 pm, WARREN RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE 

, 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

nme&Moncy 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU AlE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day Of Night 

lEARNiNG 
CENTER 



Spanning the tumbling globe 
It seems At times that cenain incidents bring us to the pinnacle of 

self-immonalization. The pre-meditated suicide of Stephen Thoma!> 
Roberts on the balcony of Central Library on Sunday evening, Feb. 10, 
was one of those occurrences, and although this eulogy arrives belated, 
it does so as a pan of a post-monem reaction by the student body to a 
rather numbing act. 

For those of you who are shocked by what is chaotically tenned as a 
"needless waste of life," your reaction is so srandardly pretentious that it 
takes away whatever real value and effect such an ultimate protest must 
have on the rest of your peers. If we have free choice, if we are blessed 
with free will , what then can we deduce from one man setting himself 
ablaze in order to further exemplify that erstwhile rational individuals 
may bring destruction to us all by playing childish games of power with 
eternally annihilating weaponry? Was this act selfish? Did Stephen 
Roberts catatonically forget that his social contract with his family and 
friends did not, and never will, expire, because governments perpetuate 
injustice and ill will against their citizenry? 

1 do not believe so. Stephen Robens was said to have been a serious 
student of the works of Hegel, Nietzche, Spinoza and the ancient 
Greeks. Could any voracious reader of such self-reflective and socially 
concerned philosophy really have disavowed his love for human 
progress before taking his own life? Words have been tossed for 
centuries over whether one's absolute control of his own life-blood 
constitutes a moral right which enables him to make a phenomenal 
statement with his physical being. Given the fact the human populace 
will always be divided on the precipice, it would be considerate of you 
to respect another's idea of what man's ultimate responsibility is. Steve's 
act of sacrificial anarchy merits serious discussion. 

... ... ... 

Many folks are enraged over the Underground Paisley Army's Ugly 
Paisely Art that has speckled our concrete campus red. It is so fitting 
that the only two issues that have caused furor among the student body 
are the possible prohibition of alcohol within campus boundries, and 
some silly red designs deemed appalling and classless for failing to 
impress our artistically conscious peers and policemen. 

'I: * * 
While we are all mourning the death of Konstantine U. Chernenko, 

let us give a wann welcome to the new darling of the Western press, 
Mikhail S. Gorbachev. Mr. Gorbachev is already being termed as a 
"flashy" innovator, and can claim to be the first Soviet Premier to have 
his wife wooed by society columnists. One wonders if this dubious 

distinction will give Ms. Gorbachev a free hand at redecorating the 
Kremlin living quarters. The last "First Lady" per se to accomplish the 
feat was .our own matron of Pennsylvania Avenue, Nancy Reagan, when 
she lobbied Congress for a few million dollars in 1981 in order to lend 
a traditionalist's touch to the cold, underfurnished White House. At least 
Mrs. Reagan was keepIng with conservative ideology by wasting millions 
on needless decorative objects. Let us hope that Ms. Gorbachev does the 
same by upholding the party line during her stay in Moscow's most 
esteemed palace; serving a few meals consisting solely of subsistence 
foodstuffs might not be a bad start. 

II< * II< 
So very little is known about Soviet leaders that this small profile of 

the former number one, Konstantin Chernenko, obtained by The Nation 
magazine from a number of classified profiles prepared by the Central 
Intelligence Agency, might heighten your awareness just a bit. 

Of Chernenko, the profile says: 
He came to this country in April, 1974, as a member of the Soviet 

delegation to a special session of the UN General Assembb'. During his stay he 
also visited the Department of State to observe its office procedures, 
management tools and automatic data processing systems. US officials who 
met him on that visit found Chenenko to be an extroverted, unsophisticated 
individual who readily engaged in small talk. 

Sounds like a good match for President Reagan. 

'" '" '" The New Republic, by peh of Arturo Cruz, former member of the 
governing Sandinista party, repons that in Nicaragua today, students are 
not allowed to read Gramsci or Trotsky. Mr. Cruz, who along with the 
US tailor-made Coordinadora Party, refused to run against the 
Sandinistas in last November's elections so as to make the electoral 
process appear to be a sham (which is in complete contradiction to the 
findings of the Latin American Studies Association repon co-sponsored 
by our own Institute of the Americas which found the elections to be 
lawful and well-monitored), must be spending too much time hanging 
around Washington DC for the majority of Nicaragua's economy is still 
under capitalist conrrol and Lord knows that entrepeneurs can't go too 
long without their daily dosages of such pOignant Commie-baiting 
material like Trotsky and Gramsci. 

'" II< '" Speaking of book-wielding entrepeneurs, rumor has it that the 
licenseless KB. Books has decided to wage its battle with the UC 
Bookstore off-campus by setting up shop in La Jolla Village Square 
spring quaner. In order to solicit more customers, maybe the KB.ers 
should consider buying up all the crusty copies of the Complete Works of 
Trotsky and Gramsci that are rolling on the docks of Nicaragua's eastern 
shore; we hear that it's pretty popular stuff among moderate liberals. 

'" '" '" It seems that era of detente between the Guardian and the UCSD 
Police Department is coming to a bittersweet end. The Brass feel as if 
we breeched a common trust by not handing over the original copy of 
the Paisley Manifesto. 

Apparently our men and women in blue forget that journalists tend to 
follow a code of ethics which fastens them to the professed anonymity 
of their conrributors. We don't ask the Police Department to reveal the 
identities of their narcs; and in tum we ask them to respect our 
selective process. We do not ask the police to do our work; we think 
that a similar understanding is wonhy of them. 

-MJC 

Viewpoint 

Who can 
you trust? 
By JOSEPH J, ROMM 

You saw the movie, you heard the speech, and now 
with the Geneva talks at hand, you're wondering if you 
should buy the weapons. But who should you ask to 
find out if they're a good investment? 

Most scientists don't like Star Wars, but you don 't 
trust them anymore. After three articles in SCienlifIC 
American explaining why the United States can't 
defend itself from Soviet missiles, you've stopped 
reading the magaZine. 

Who can you trust? How about Air Force Major 
General Donald L. Lamberson-coordinator of the 
Pentagon's directed-energy weapons program? On 
March 23, 1983-the same day as Reagan's Star Wars 
speech-Lamberson was asked by Senator Dan Quayle 
in hearings, "Can you recommend to the committee an 
acceleration of the space-based laser program on 
technical grounds?" Lamberson replied, "Senator, no, I 
cannot at this rOint in time." 

Was Genera Lamberson alone in recommending 
against the kind of massive expenditures on defensive 
weapons in space that the President i.< now seeking? 
Not at all, for one month later, in April 1983, the 
President's Commission on Strategic Forces-the 
Scowcroft Commission-after talking with more than 
200 technical expens, wrote: " ... applications of 
current technology offer no real promise of being able 
to defend the United States against a massive nuclear 
attack this century .. .. the Commission believes that no 
ABM [anti-ballistic missilesl technologies appear to 
combine practicality, survivability, low cost, and 
technictl effectiveness sufficiently to justify proceeding 
beyond the stage of technology development." . 

Two years earlier, in May 13, 1981 Senate testimony, 
Dr. John Foster, fonner director of Defense Research 
and Engineering-speaking on behaU of the Defense 
Science Board IDSB]-said, "the DSB concluded 
unanimously that it is too soon to attempt to accelerate 
space-based laser development toward integrated space 
demonstration for any mission particularly for banistic 
missile defense," 

More recently, the Congressional Office of 
Technology Assessment, in a 1984 background report 
tided Directed Energy Missile Defense in Space , stated, 
"The pros.pect that emerging 'Star Wars' technologies, 
when further developed, will provide a perfect or near-
perfect defense system .. . is so remote that it should 
not serve as the basis of public expectation or national 
policy." 

Now you may be wondering, what is the problem 
with defensive systems, that after some 30 years of 
intensive research, they are still technologically and 
economically unpromising? One problem is that these 
Star Wars systems can be thwarted cheaply by counter-
measures and decoys. For example , one of the most 
commonly discussed Star Wars systems is called "High 
Frontier," and it requires some 450 missile-carrying 
satellites. In the words of Dr. Edward Teller, father of 
the US hydrogen bomb and one of the strongest 
supporters of defensive systems in general, "High 
Frontier can be done for $100 billion dollars, let us 
say. But the Soviets can get rid of High Frontier for 
$lO billion." 

Another easy way to defeat an enemy defensive 
system is to ovetwhelm it with [a proliferation of! 
offensive missiles. As Richard DeLauer-Reagan's 
fonner Undersecretaty of Defense for Research and 
Engineering-said in Congressional testimony: "Any 
defensive system can be overcome with proliferation 
and decoys, decoys, decoys, decoys." 

It seems likely, then, that a US decision to proceed 
with Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative will result in 
a triple anns race: 1) building more strategic nuclear 
weapons in excess of the 10,000 or so each side has 
now; 2) competing with each other in the development 
of grotesquely expensive space-based weapons that 
probably would never be effective (former Defense 
Secretary James R. Schlesinger put the price tag on a 
US defensive shield at one trillion dollars); and 3) 
building countermeasures, decoys or anti-anti-missiles 
to defeat the enemy's ABM system, out of the fear that 
it might possible work. 

If Star Wars had even a meager chance of offering a 
Significant amount of protection to the United States 
from a nuclear attack, no one would complain about 
the money, or about the threat Star Wars poses to the 
current Geneva talks with the oviets and the 1972 
ABM treaty. But the vast majority of scientifi , military 
and technological experts who have examined the 
Strdtegic Defense Initiative have concluded that It is 
not a worthwhile investment. In that ast , the fact that 
the tJr Wars program IS likely to accelerate the arms 
fa e and hun arms control means th,It the pr gr,Im 
must be re.:onsldered as soon a posslhle 

Thursday, March 14, 1985 5 

n~{ttt~rr~n~llit~rr~n<ellit(f:lr$n<e{tttceIr~n®tt~®rr~n~~tt®IT'~nce;~fr~rr~n~ 
tt<eri~letterln<eilit<elr~n~llit<err~n®~frcerr~n®ttfr~rr~n®frtt®rr~n~tttt<e 

rr~n<etm<E;1f~ll<etttt<err_$ncefdtce1f~n®fdt®Ir~ll(e;\t\.c~rr~ll®t1~®rr~n®frfr~rr~ 
Spoiled melody 
Editor: 

At a recent faculty chamber music concert, I sat next 
to a couple, who listened to the conce rt as a pair of 
critical machines. While I sat next to them, their 
comments and reactions indicated to me that they had 
a good sense of pitch and time. It also exposed them 
as a couple who had no regard for the human spirit. 
Their violent reactions during the performance were 
incomprehensible to me. Not only was it distracting 
and inconsiderate, the attitude that they exhibited was 
unforgiving and lacked anowance and understanding 
for human imperfection. 

To observe and listen to musicians and music only 
for technical execution, then to judge them on the 
bases of these observatiOns, is to judge music without 
sensitivity, for music transgresses the obvious and 
elevates the heart and soul. Which makes it impossible 
for any music to be examined in a totally technical 
manner. The reluctance to understand how the human 
element combines with music to make it complete, 
makes me question why the two were in attendance. 

I go to concerts because I love music. I have 
involved myself in the music community because I love 
music. Although I am not a musician , I can still love 
music as a member of the audience. I do not love 
music because of all the preparation required of a 
musician (credentials, technique, rehearsals, etc.). I 
love music because I can feel and understand 
compassion, joy, grief and anguish. I love it because ic 
plays with and teases my expectations. I love music 
because it is the musicians who can bring emotions 
and excitement together to touch my soul. This is 
worth all of the mistakes an evening of perlonnance 
can bring. 

To display rudeness and/ or ridicule because of an 
imperlect performance is to not understand music. To 
display irreverence during a performance is to make a 
mockery of human strength and weakness, which 
governs our existence, and therefore implies that life 
may not be worth the effort, nor music. To do this as a 
result of analytiC chinking is inexcusahle , for we are 
not only governed by our tool of analytiC thinking, but 
also by the laws that make us live for the objects we 
love and believe. Hence we must remember chat 
performances are not guaranteed perfection and are 
subject to the uncenainity of the best and worst of 
human effort , and that is enough for me to respect any 
perlonner and give him my utmost actention and 
support through a concert. 

Dawn H. Murakami 

Doonesbury 

For artists only 
Editor: 

As a member of the United Paint Activists (U PA), I 
see so many misunderstandings in Roben Leone 's 
response to our activities on Wednesday, March 6 
(incorrectly reported as March 5 by the author), that I 
dlmost don't know where to start. 

I will start, however, with Leone's use of the words 
"disgusting" and "meaningless" in his shallow appraisal 
of our decorations. It should first of all be pointed out 
that our an is anything but meaningless-a simple 
reading of our Paisley Manifesto, Mr. Leone, should be 
enough to prove that there is, indeed , a method to our 
madness. Leone's use of the word "disgusting" is even 
more misguided. Whether or not our paisley stencil is 
disgusting should be left up to personal taste. I urge 
readers of the Guardian to study the lightness and 
cheerlulness present in our choise of design. I would 
understand Leone's dismay if we had used , say, 
swastikas instead . 

At this point , a note should be inserted regarding 
the "Kill Cops" message. These words were written 
only once, and in no way represent the philosophies 
behind our work. They were, rather, a personal 
statement by a Singular Ugly Paisely Anist, and should 
be taken as such and regarded as separate from the 
rest of our project: the hghtheaned decoration of our 
drab, imposing campus. 

Most disturbing of all to many members of the 
stUart aPpreciation Assembly was the amount of space 
Leone dedicated to hiS naive conceptions regarding 
the wonderful artWorks which grace our campus. We 
were , however. delighted with the comparison, besides 
the fact that it is a completely faulty one. Leone 
obviously has little consideration or understanding of 
the concepts behind the Stuart Collection works , 
particularly present in hiS quick dismissal of Claes 
Oldenburg'S beautiful "caught and set free" analogy 
between the escapi ng basketball and SID's aquatic 
research. You will notice, Robert, that our red 
statements did not touch the Stuart Collection pieces, 
due to the fact that we regard them as the only 
structures on campus worthy of standing on their OW11. 

As for the words "What do you see?", we are all 
delighted that we no longer only see bare cement walls, 
and hope that others share our sentiments. 

I must also point out that the persistent name-calling 
present in Leone's response is hardly an example of 
mature journalistic discourse . Don't call us 

> COtomNUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 



6 Thursday, March H, 1985 
INI~ 

.;. "- >.~. ~ .. 4·', c.» ... .;;. -» .. .. '. >.. ".~~., -}', ~ , ,,,,,.. "... ".. '1" .~ "" .. ',,- ,;-- .." ~ n<eilit<err~n<eilit<ell"lll~llit~lr~n<eilit<err~ncefrfr~rr~ncettitcerr~nce~fr~rr~n<eili.t<err~n<eilit~rr~ll<ettfr~rr~n<efrtt~rr~ll~ 
frcerr$lettersn<eitit~rr~n~llit<err~llceilit®rr~llce~fr~rr~ ll~fr~@rr~ll<ellit~rr~n<etttt<e1l"~ll<eilit<err~llce;~fr<err~ll<efrfrce 

rr~n<eilit~rr~n<ellit<err~ll<efctt<err~ll®ilit®rr~ll®ttti:®rr~n®t1fr®rr~n ce;ilit<err~llceilit®lr~ll~ttfrcerr~ll®ilit®rr~ll®ttfrcelf 
nasty names, Mr. Leone, we may 
get nasty back, and there are many 
more of us than you could possibly deal 
with. 

To paraphrase Leone. 1 don't like to 
ee people hke Robert Leone inflict their 

closemindedness. or use their egocentric 
verbal thearncs to promote personal 
tastes as fact. That, my dear Robert, is 
stupid, foohsh and unproductive. Leone 
ap pears content to be a product of the 
StC rile , clasutrophobic em'lronment from 
which we seek relief. The "Underground 
Pais ely Army." as we are referred to in 
the Guardilin . IS not an army of force. 
but an army of ideas. An army C'f 
paisley. 

U.P A Ulyses P. Argents 

Editor. 
Oftcn in our lives things happen or 

are said around us that we do not feel is 
right or just, yet we remain silent 
perhaps because we fear the reprisals of 
our peers. A common example might be 
distasteful racial remarks. We may be 
offended by the statement. but we 
remain silent. Howe\'er. the offender 
may mterpret thiS silence as condoning 
the act. The racist senses his peers are 
not disapproving, therefore they must 
approve. The o~fender may even feel 
rewarded by this -approval" from his 
fnends . 

In the early morning hours of 
Wednesday. March O. several persons 
snaked through thts giving campus to 
stencil upon it a plague of red paisley. 
Rumor has it that it was some kind of 
statement against the "cold cement" that 
IS prevalent here . 

cement pervades this campus instead of 
only observing It as present here. Money 
with which any campus would use 
toward consttuction never goes as far as 
it used to. Perhaps in order lO get the 
most for the campus, and thereby the 
slUdents, compensations might have. 
been made to build with qUicker and 
less costly techniques.. I don 't know 
anyone who would be able to afford 
registration fees If it were any other way. 
There might be ye t another reason for 
this concrete. It IS hard to destroy. Walk 
into any dorm ,lnd ask yourself what 
you would build II OUt of to make it last. 
Be sure to keep In mind that steel is 
rather expensive . and there may be a 
student who knows where to get an 
acetylene torch . Let's face it, there are 
students OUt there that don't take the 
beSt care of other people's property. The 
red paisleys exemplify this fact. 

This campus belongs to all of us. It is 
not a private school· open to a select 
and omniscient few. It does not shut its 
ears to those that question it, but it does 
take offense to those that force-feed 
their thoughts lO us. Besides, nobody is 
making the paisley painters attend this 
school They are free to leave whenever 
they wish. Good riddance. The paisley 
painters are not such bitchin' people, 
but they are legends in their own 
minds. 

Students who also disapprove of the 
paisley art can show it by wearing a 
golden ribbon. 

Mark S. Brlej 

I cannot be silent . I disapprove of the 
callous act of vandahsm whll:h spewed 
Onto our campus. II's tOO b~d a few 
naughry boys and girls couldn't find a 
more pOSitive way lO display a 
sophomOric whim ophomoric , because 
they failed to ask themselves why 

·If SO, write.a conUnen"., 
Guardian. It's a grea~ way to 

Leiters to thr ed 11m should be 
double· or trlp!r ,s p.l ced and 
addresSed to the Opinions Editor. 
the UCSD Gual'lilall . B-0 16. La Jolla. 
92093 All sublnlssions must mdudc 
the author'S phone number and 
signature: In speci al cases the name 
will he withheld upon request. The 
Guun/latl rese rves the right t() edit lor 
c1amy ,md space consldcr"mons. color concrete. 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like 10 introduce to you our 
new and talented hair sryhsts. 
Laurie and Kathy 
Women $12, reg. S25 
Men $10, reg. $19 
For appolOtment. plea~t call 457 ·2930. 
tl95U Vi lla La Jolla Ur., :,ulle :c!I:c!U, La Jolla 

(behind EI I'OniO iii Rodeo · directly acros~ the ramp) 

ATIENTION MUIR GRADUATING SENIORS: 
SPRING AND 

SUMMER QUARTERS, 1985 
If you plan to graduate Spring Quarter, 1985 , you MUST have a final degree 
check and submit a Degree and Diploma Apphcanon form by April 12, 1985 
Either come in to the Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126. or call 452-3580 
to make an appointment. 

OON'T DELAY 
If you do nO( make a final "'egree check appointment by April 12, you will 
nO( be eJi&ible 10 graduate Spring Quarter. No Excqxionsllll 
Remember that at MUir College you must have completed at least 180 units for 
a BA degree (192 minimum for a B.S.). Muir College requires a minimum of 
18 upper-division courses (72 upper-division units). Some majors may require 
up lO 23 upper-diVision four unit courses to graduate . 
IF YOU PLA TO GRADUATE SUMMER QUARTER, 1985, you MUST submit 
your name and "Intent to Graduate" to the Muir Academic AdVISing Office by 
April 12, 1985. If you Wdnt your name lO appear In the Commencement 
Program Come In to room 2126, H&SS to <..omplcte the paperwork. 

I. 

"New York Style Pizza" ~O~~ 
· PIZZ~O~t) 

Free Delivery 
__ - __ • COUPON • ____ _ 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Square 

La Jolla, California 

I with purchase of any large pizza 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 587-0700 

HOURS: Mon- 111urs, 5:00 pm . 10:00 pm : 
Fri-·Sat- Sun 5:00 pm to Mldmght I 

6·PACK 
120Z 
Coke 

Diet Coke 
or Tab 

for only 49(, 

NOTETAKERS 
NEEDED 

Apply at the Lecture Note Office 
by Friday, March IS, 3 pm 

$ 7.60 per hour 
Call 452-6238 for information, 

Cour8el available in the following areal: 
Biology. Communication 

Contemporary Issues (20 only) • Economics 
EE/CS. Psychology. Sociology (10 only) 

Political Sci/' nce • Chemistry 140B only 

Cover story 

Speed: the finals frontier 
By ANDREA HARMON, StaJJWriter 

A GUARDIAN SURVEY of 89 UCSD students found that the stimulants most often used to get 
through finals week were caffeine and 
exercise. Caffeine was most popularly 
ingested as coffee. sodas and "NoDoze ." 

. A close second and third in popularity 
were food and/ or gum and sugar. 
Cocaine is the preferred drug over 
amphetamines, helping to relieve 
writer's block, but it is not considered 
the best for long-term studying for three 
reasons: the user's belief that the work 
done is excellent although it often is 
not; the need to continually take more 
10 avoid coming down and no longer 
caring about srudying; and its cost. 
Nicotine is the least used stimulant 
among the students surveyed. 

Caffeine'S main action is 10 produce a 
more rapid and clearer flow of thought, 
reduce drowsiness and fatigue. Its 
effects are similar to those of cocaine 
and amphetamines. It affects the 
cerebral cortex, heart rate, heart rhythm, 
blood vessel diameter, coronary 
circulation, blood pressure, urination 
and the stimulation of gastric acids, and 
it is associated with the formation of 
peptic ulcers. 

Like amphetamines. barbituates and 
alcohol, caffeine produces marked 
adverse effects when taken in excess. 
Restlessness, disturbed sleep and 
cardiac irregularities are some of the 
physiological effects of caffeine 
overindulgence. Ten grams (70-100 cups 
of coffee) is epough 10 produce 
convulsions, respiratory failure and 
death. Even a single gram (seven to ten 
cups of coffee) produces acute toxic 
effects such as insomnia, restlessness 
and excitement, and the effects may 
progress to mild delirium. 

Few people drink seven cups of 
coffee at one time, but caffeine in tablet 
form is sold under a variety of trade 
names, such as NoDoze, which comes 
in 100-mg tablets. Ten tablets are 
enough to produce the acute toxic 
symptoms. 

Caffeine is also found in chocolate, 
but the more important active ingredient 
is theobromine. It has the same 
physiological actions as caffeine, but 
theobromine is much less potent in its 
effects on the central nervous system. 
An average cup of cocoa contains less 
than 5 mg of caffeine but more than 
200 mg of theobromine, and cola drinks 
usually contain less than 4 mg of 
caffeine per fluid ounce. 

Cocaine is the pure form of alkaloid 
cocaine, the chief active ingredient in 
coca leaves. It is more potent than the 
anesthetics Novocaine and procaine, 
and its initial effect is on the cerebral 

COrtex. Low doses result in increased 
motor activity, and moderate doses 
increase heart and respiration rates. 
High doses-especially if injected-can 
stop the heart by acting directly on the 
heart muscle. Prolonged high doses 
produce the same toxic syndrome: 
enhanced sense of physical and mental 
capacity, loss of appetite, grinding of 
teeth, repetitiOUS behavior and paranoia. 
Amphetamines are often used to 
adulterate street cocaine. 

Amphetamines raise blood pressure, 
enlarge the naSal and bronchial passages 
and stimulate the central nervous 
system. ProIonaed use or large doses are 
nearly always foUowed by mental 
depression and fatigue . Many 
amphetamine users experience 
headaches, palpitations, dizziness, 
confusion, delirium, fatigue and a 
general feeling of unhappiness. 
Amphetamines can be addictive because 
of their potent effect on the medial 
forebrain bundle (the "reward system"). 
Increases in activity in this area are 
registered as pleasurable feelings, and 
this is then associated with me 
amphetamines. 

"Speed" originally referred to 
methadrine, which was prescribed by 
doctors for people addicted to heroine. 
Now it refers to any amphetamine. It is 
known under a variety of names, such 
as reds (Seconal), black beauties, white 
crosses, Meth, Benzadrine and 
Dexadrine. 

Wilma Busse. Muir's counseling 
psychologist, believes that cocaine is the 
most commonly used stimulant taken 
during finals week and the rest of the 

quarter. She thinks the use of street 
speed is more common that 
pharmaceutical speed, although "not 
even the people taking it are sure what's 
in it." 

Dr. Richard P. Whitehill of 
Psychological Services says he does not 
get a lot of reports from students using 
stimulants, but that caffeine is 
"institutionally supponed" and is 
commonly used. According to Whitehill , 
other commonly used stimulants are 
phenylpropanolamine (PPA), which is 
the main ingredient in Dexatrim and 
other diet pills, and amphetamines. 
Whitehill believes that these stimulants 
are counterproductive because of the 
effects they have on people taking them. 
Jitteriness, jumpiness, hallucinations and 
lapses in judgment and thinking are 
common effects, as well as "severe 
cardiovascular effects, especially with 
PPA and amphetamines.· 

"The first two cups of coffee might be 
useful, but after that they have a 
negative effect. Because of thought 
distortion with stimulants, a person 
thinks he's doing really well, but acrually 
he is dOing, at beSt, mediocre work and. 
at worst, garbage," said Whitehill. 

There are about four typical concerns 
students come to the counseling 
psychologists with, according to Busse. 
Stress and feeling ill-prepared and 
overwhelmed are the most common 
complaints. Srudents having marginal 
grades believe they have to "save the 
quarter" with these finals. Working and 
going to school plus external issues, 
such as being sick or having home 
and/ or relationship problems, are 

Third and Final Phase 
THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA 

L(I .IiII/o S('C/ /)(('I'ZI'S (//lei EtIfOlX'(1Il lit ' ill!1 
(,fln'SS ~IOll CI//Il(' Pill(,s or u, .101/11. Pools. SP(lS. 
StlllllflS oncl rClCqtwthull ('our/ 1'1l/l'rtC/in ~JOlI . 
EIIChclIl/illO Itolioll Honlells. Sl'lIlptllws. 
.I()(IIl/(liIlS (lne/ cOllrtw,re/s r('/c,x ~JOll . EuropI'rrr, 
('(1/ )jll('/~I (Ill! I o/ill'r (/1'("( )rc ,/or.f<'c/ttlf('s II ~'/('oml ' 

~J(Jtl to ~Jot" 011(' or two I we/room homl'. \ ' isit our 
Scl/C'S CI'/l/('( /()(/(/~J. 

VA. FUA, 
Conventional 

Financing Available 

Thursday. March H, 198.5 7 

incidents that interfere with school and 
also bring peoplc in to talk to 
counselors. Anxiery about going home, 
or not having the money to go home or 
go on a vacation, is another typical 
student concern at this time. 

There are several techniques USCId to 
help students work and deal with their 
stress. Individual appointments with 
counselors and group sessions enable a 
person to deal with his stress and 
particular problems. There are also 
campuswide workshops such as those 
on stress management, held every 
Monday morning throughout the 
quarter. They consider a multitude of 
approaches for dealing with stress, from 
test anxiety reduction to maintaining a 
realistic perspective and being 
organized in preparing for siruations. 

There are also on-going suppon 
groups located in various student 
organizations with a lot of student 
contaCt. There are peer counselors 
available who have been trained by 
psychologists and other professionals to 
help students. The peer counselors are 
found in the Women's Center, at 
Warren (for problems dealing 
specifically with eating) and at LAGO. 
There are also peer counselors available 
10 reentry students. 

Crisis Intervention is used at 
Psychological Services to help students 
deal with particular problems and to 
help students discover ways to set 
reasonable goals to handle their crisis 
situations. Afterwards, the psychologists 
help students look at what caused the 
situation and see how it could be 

> COrmNUED ON PAGE 8 > 



8 Thursday , March 14, 1985 

Speeding along 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 '> 
aVOlded In the future . Although many of 
the seminars and workshops arc given 
In the middle of the quaner, students 
arc able to come to Psychological 

ervlces or other counseling offices for 
help at any time. 

Tim Purpura, assis tant resident dean 
at Revelle College, believes there are 
better ways to cope with stress than 
using drugs. He encourages the reSident 
adVIsors In the dorms to set up Jogs 
around campus. "Doing energy-
prodUcing rather than energy-robbing 
actiVIties is better, and it reduces 
tension in a posltlve way ra ther than in 
a negative way. In the past I've seen 
students mess themselves up with pills. 
(NoDoze) is 15 times as strong as a cup 
of coffee. I don't think they realize that, 
then they htt the wall ." 

Revelle also sponsors a Stress 
Reduction Clime, a three-pan program 
on "How to SurvIve Finals." It focuses 
on study skIlls and how to predict fina1 

exam questlons. ThiS program IS held 
during the eIghth or ninth week 

MUIr, Revelle and Third all have 
Burnout Centers, places for students to 
go and take a break from studyi ng. They 
serve JUICe. coffee. cookies , pop orn and 
other snacks all during finals week. 
Revelle 's Burnout Center Will be open all 
of finals week from 8 pm to I am , and 
MUIr's WIll be open vanous hours during 
the week. 

The counselors mvolved with students 
and stress during finals all recommend 
dOing thmgs other than drugs to help 
get rhrough finals week. Dancing, 
running, cleaning house , sleeping, eating 
frozen yogun and talking to fri ends 
were all recommended by students as 
ways to deal with stress during fi nals 
week. If necessity compels you to pull 
an all-nighter or two, however, POP 
(next to MOM at Muir) and the 
Sunshine Swre carry oDoze and other 
caffeine over-the-counter drugs. ~ 

-/ 

........................................................ "' ........................ .. 

C~Illi 1f CQ)M 
CCQ)lITffiIPll®lt® nn~ 

lPn~mrr®1 
Then maybe you At 
our picture of what 

a Gaardlaa 
illustrator should 

be. If you can make 
an idea come to life 

with a pencil and 
eraser. come in and 
show us your stuff'. 

CaD us at 452-3468 
to anange an 

interview. and make 
yourself a part of 

the GaardIan 
picture. 

Thursday, March 14, 1985 9 

Give the gift of computers 

AT&T gives computers to UCSD 
Animal rights 
resolution 
rejected by 
city schools 

UCSD has received a donation of 
computer eqUipment wonh more than 
$2 million as pan of a narional $32 
million program conducted by AT&T 
In forma tion Systems. 

Announcemem of the gift was made 
Wednesday, Mar. 6 ar a ceremony in 
the office of ChanceUor Richard 
Atkinson. The ceremony was attended 
by Atkinson; Raleigh Wilson, AT&T 
Information Systems branch manager fo r 
San Diego; Dr. Lea Rudee, dean of the 
Division of Engineering at UCSD, and 
Dr. Donald W. Anderson, coordinator of 
academic computing at UCSD. 

The AT&T 3B computer products 
donated to UCSD will be used in the 
Departmem of, Electrical Engineering 
and Computer Sciences. 

"AT&T is committed to funhering 
computer research on our nation's 
college campuses," Wilson said, "With 
decreasit :g government panicipation in 
the funding of research and education 
in universities , more and more 
responsibility for the role has faUe n 
upon private business. We have chosen 
to step up to this mos t imponant role ," 

The Board of Education of the San 
Diego City Schools rejected last week a 
resolution that would have prohibited 
students from injuring live venebrate 
animals in science fair projects. The 
resolution would have ended a suit 
brought agai nst the ci ty sc hools by rhe 
Animal Rights Coalirion (ARC) in 
December. 

According w Mitchell Wagner, ARC 
atwrney. ir was Jose Gonzales, an 
attorney for the Board of Education, 
who had first suggested the resolution. 
Wagner drafted a resolution that spelled 
OUt in detail a law that is already on the 
books-Section 51540 of the California 
Education Code. which prohibitS 
science experiments that kill or injure 
ve n:ebrare animals , 

On December 14 , 1984, the ARC filed 
suit In Superior Coun: w force the city 
schools to obey that law, but agreed {Q 
Gonzales' proposal {Q drop the suir if 
the resolution were accepted. 

Chancellor Atkinson said the very 
generous gift from AT&T Information 
Systems will strengthen the programs in 
computer science and engineering on 
the campus and will provide expanded 
opponunities for srudents. 

Donrul Cameron (standing), a technical consultantJor AT&T in San Diego, works with Kathy 
Ensign, a Third Co llege junior at UCSD, on one of the computers donated to the campus by ATe" T. 

The case Involves TWO experiments 
last yea r at LaJolla High School: rhe 
implantation of a heart pacemaker into 
a dog's body and the killing of 16 mice 
in a nutritional defiCiency project. "Programs such as AT&T's computer 

donation program help to ensure that 
UCSD and other major un iversities can 
remain in the forefro nt in both 
education and research fa r into the 
future ," Atkinson said , 

The equipmem donated to UCSD 
ranges from AT&T's 3820 super-
minicomputer to its desktop 382 super-
microcomputer. Appropriate terminals 

XEROX 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

-COUAnNG 
- PAIIICING 
- PlOCUP/DELMRV FREE 

(willi minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6'" A.,.. SD. 
231-1676 

and high-speed networking products to 
link the 3Bs are also part of the 
donation. AT&T will instaU the 
equipment and provide one year of 
maintenance and support free of charge. 

Accord ing to Wilson, UCSD was 
selected to receive the computer 
donation from AT&T because of its 
developmental effon s in the computer 

, _____ \YIITHTHISAD _____ , 

I 26 I 
: elBa f2!0gurl ~J1,lfair: 
I frozen I 
I Vogurt creations I 
I I 
I I 
I ~ 2 for 1 I 
• ~ Buy one smell scrvtng I 
I ~ and get one FREEl I I . I 
I I 
I I 
I • \\IE AlSO HONOR ALl • I 
I YOGURT PARLOR COUPONS I 
I I I 10~ T~ Pines Rd. 1774 GBmd AIIenue I 
I at Herschel Pacific Beach I 

La Jojlo 483-5<483 
I 45+4869 ExpIIlS March 19, 1985. I 
L - - - -ONE PER CUST~- - __ I 

Calilomian. 

I'recWolt ..,'e CIII.t for _ $IJ (tq . • ' B) 
rruUlo,. .,Ie c .. for _II $'0 (rtg. $ /5) 

Dlrcdloul pc"" UJ (reg. HO) Sc"",uue~ ulb (full _ I $18 (rtg. $40) 
"',,'c.,re It h4lc"re $U (reg. UBI Cell.,..,.e $/J (tq. $]j) 

OM .... , (ltcllll,.- U. (rtg. $Jjl 
OIIe Ito", -. _ $lJ (reg. $Jj) 

SpecI.II$l$ In bUck IYI, 
.1 """ xflllce s.lon 

7608 Un. ~"/.I Rd. (I'fes. COllege Dr. ~ 16J I l68-MIiJ 
/'few .... 0,. (~rl!l /.I JoII. Cutting CO.) 7J7 Purl 51..1.1 JollA 

f16· ' no f J6. /." 

willi MI willi !elected JI28/ 85 

science and electrical fields , its 
commitment to "campus of the future" 
technology, and its willingness to 
involve faculty, students and 
administration in the program. 

UCSD will use the donated AT&T 
equipment in computer science and 
electrical engineering undergraduate and 
graduate instruction and research. ~ 

In response to the ARC SUIt. the 
Board of Education has denied rhat the 
animals suffered injury or death for 
science fair projects, a claim which the 
ARC says is false . since rhe Humane 
Society repon and the students' own 
descriptions of their projects 
demonsrrate that the injury and death 
were explicit aspectS of rhe experiments. 

LISA FROST 
Post .. Baccalaureate Premedical Recruiter 

BRYN MAWR COLLEGE 
will give an informal talk about the Post~Baccalaureate Program 
and 5~year PB/ MD Programs with: Dartmouth Medical School, 
Hahnemann University School of Medicine, The Medical 
College of Pennsylvania, The University of Rochester School of 
Medicine, and will meet with students interested in pursuing 
studies that will lead to an M.D. degree. 

Friday, March 15. at 2 pm 
Revelle Formal Lounle 

Please register your interest with Career Services Center 
HL~ 1058 , Telephone 452~3750, 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr, 
455-0662 

Tired of Studying? 
Take a break-

Come to B}'s and 
Feed 4 for only $10.25!(+taxJ 

(Includes any large one topping pizza 
and a pitcher of soft drink.) 

Dille in only, Present coupon when orJering. 
One coupon per purcha e. Expm:s 4-15-85. 



10 Thursday, March 14, 1985 

An aye for an eye for an I for an i for an.:. 
By PHIL LAUDER 

T HEY'RE EVERYWHERE. And they're back. Bigger and uglier than ever. They migrate our way 
every three months or so, leaving an 
indelible impression on our lives-a big 
black stain, usually-n ot just for the 
week they visit us, but for sometime 
before and for a long time after. 

Finals are here. They ain't pretty. But 
they are disgusting. 

My primary gripe with the quaner sys-
tem is that you have to go through finals 
week 50% more often than you do with the 
se mester system. I mean, finals is finals ; 
whether they follow ten-week quaners or 
IS-week semesters , they're still vile . 

If you didn't know this was the end 
of the tenth week at UCSD, you could 
figure it out pretty fast. Things start 
happening. Libraries swell with bodies, 
the lines at Soft Reserves wrap around 
the Student Center at least TWi ce , the 
coffee machines in the Caf run dry 
constantly, and a certai n je ne sais quoi 
pervades the air. Acrually, je do 5CliS quoi: 
anxiety. Fear. Torment. Pressure , 
pressure and more pressure. Finals. 

A school term is divided into four 
pans: the first ten weeks, the cram -i t-all-
in few days before finals, the first day of 
fi nals , and the last day of fi nals. That's 
about it. By tomorrow we will have 
fi n ished pan one, with three parts to go. 
Gratifying news, huh? The subsequent 
few days will be unpleasant al best and 
terrifying at worst. 

Some of us have prepared for this 
experience since the seventh week of 
fall quaner. These lovely ladies and 
gentlemen signed up for their classes 
(on time, no less) and immediately 
recorded their schedules for finals week. 
Some even determined their studying 
schedules for the week Saturday-Sunday 
study bio and psych, Monday-Tuesday 
study math and lit , Wednesday take bio 
final and study more psych, Thursday 
take psych final and study more math 
and lit, Friday study still more math and 
lit before taking both finals. Worse than 
the fact that they make these schedules 
is the fact that they actually abide to 
them . Sick, sic k, SIck. 

Different people like different finals 
schedules. Some like aU the tests to 
come at the beginning of the week so 
that the pain can can come swiftly and 
end quickly and they can go home and 
eat real food as soon as possible. I tend 
to faU into that category. Others like to 
have the enti re week to study/ cram as 
much as possible, and would prefer to 
have all their finals on Friday and 
Saturday. Some of us like the tests 
spread out over the course of the 
week-maybe one on T uesday, another 
Wednesday, and the rest on Friday or 
Saturday. Some actually dig having three 
tests on one day- get it a ll done a t 
once, they say. I can't really 
comprehend the rationa le for that one-
unless it's masochism-but whatever. 
Different strokes. 

However, there is one time slot that is 
universally hated. Unive rsally. No o ne 
can stomach a Saturday 7 -10 pm final. 
Saturday fi nals ,Ire bad enough for me. 
By Thursday the library stans thinning 
out a little , so that you can actually find 
a seat in under ten minutes and get up 
to go to the bathroom wi thout fearing 
retu rning to find your books tossed 
down the stairwell. Fnday thmgs thin 
Out some more , and It'S starting to get 
lonely. By Sa turday the place is a 
morgue , with only a few weaty corpses 
lying amidst scattered books, tryIng 
desperately to coerce their minds lOto 
studying during those laSt few hours . 
And by Saturday night ... chnst, the 

whole world is parrying-except you. 
Except you and the other poor slobs 
with Saturday 7-10 finals , that IS. As you 
walk out of the library at 6:45 pm you 
hear the fools in the dorms screaming 
and yelling with joy, cranking stereos 
and downing beverages and generally 
enjoying their freedom . You are biner. 
You are. Your skin flushes, and the only 
thought you can think involves phYSical 
violence, tiut you try to push it out of 
your mind because you don't really have 
time to push people off four-story 
dorms. You have £0 get £0 a final. Three 
more hours, you repeat. Three more 
hours-that's all . NO! that bad . In three 
hours you'll join them, and life will be 
good. Three more hours. Hang on. 

And off you go to your physics final. 
After about an hour and a half someone 
hands in the test and takes off. What a 
star. The creep lets out a hideous, joyful 
scream JUSt before the lecture hall door 
shuts, and the rest of the students in 
the room chuckle outwardly, grimace 
inwardly. Quelle swine, you think. just 
90 more minutes. A few more people 
leave shortly afterwards, and more high-
pitched "whoopees" and "hallelujahs" 
emit from the not-so-far-off distance. A 
firecracker goes off somewhere, too. 
What a bunch of scum. Fifty more 
minutes, that's all. Thirty more 
minutes-you can't wait. Twenty, ten, 
five, four, three, two, one, BlASTOFF! 
Freedom at point zero! It's over! You 
failed! You don't care! You're done! 

I guess one's outlook on finals tells a 
lot about how one has done over Ihe 
course of the past ten weeks. In my case 
it certainly does, and we1l1eave it at 
that. And I hope most of you have 
somewhat better attitudes than I. The 
law of averages dictates that you do. 

Happy finals to all, and to all a good 
finals . 

By PHILIPPE J. CRONIN 
They're everywhere. Did you ever 

examine who your heroes are? I did . 
Guess what I discovered: that these so-
called valiant, unique , phenomenal 
individuals whom I praised with such 
reverence are nothing but a bunch of 
penny-ante , TWo-bit gumbies. Yes siree 
dad, just a collection of rubber goo. 

Funny things, these heroes-they sort 
of creep up on your insecurities like a 
pregnant cockroach to molasses. There 
you are , your own worshipable person, 
full of woITh and self-esteem, with a 
strong chin to match . But you lack a 
little cocktail-party humor. All of a 
sudden-I<ABOOM-right in from of 
your eyes on the six o'clock news: a 
cherubic , gameful prankster with enough 
dipstick metaphors to satisfy Bourbon 
Street during Mardi Gras. It's Andy 
Rooney. Or an aged Larry Himmel. 
Henry Kissinger for a crowd with an 
eXlra dry wit. Tip O'Neill with "top of 
the morn in ' " to the Teamsters. Margaret 
Thatcher touting toothlessly to the 
Tories. George Schultz she-bopping silos 
for sadists. Prince Harry gurgling gaa-
gaas gratuitously for grandparents. Chick 
Heam chokmg on crusty c1ich«!s to 
crowds of clandestine coun hounds. 
Larry "Bud" Mellman milking an 
audience of their inanity. 

Other hero types tend to be more 
se rious and devoted to their isolated 
pedantry. They are usually described 
with sharper adjectives. For instance: 
Casper Weinberger is -hawkish ." Clint 
Eastwood is "vengeful" or "vmdictive." 
Sandra Locke is "sassy." Jane Austen was 
"pervasIve ." Ariel Durant was "Finnish ." 
Jesus Christ , we hear, is -omnipresent." 

Heroes are necessary, you say. We 
couldn't live without their godly 
guidance? 

The hell with it. They're tOO hot £0 
handle. Who needs £0 ftIl one's 
character if it means suckin~up to a 
garbled adjective, anyway? I think from 
now on that any time I want to look up 
at somebody I will venture to the nearest 
saloon and snon a fifth of Old Number 
Seven. In fact, if I ever fed like 
mimicking any cherubiC, balding man 
again , I'll go back to the original. AI. least 
I can practice my deep-throated laugh: 
HO- HO-HO-HO, Ding, ding. 

By PHILL YS HANSEN 
They're everywhere. There is a great 

untapped resource at this University, 
available to all students, staff and faculty. 
It is not the usually-present sunshine, 
the sometimes-too-gusry sea breezes, or 
the perfectly-designed-for-skateboards 
sloping sidewalks . It is friendship . 

That is not to say that people aren't 
using friendship on this campUS-in 
fact, that's pan of the problem . . . this 
using of friends. How many of us are 
guilry of contacting our friends only, or 
at least mostly, when we want something? 
After all, that's what friends are for, right? 
Wrong? Something in the middle? 

In addition to bailing us out of tough 
situations, quite often of our own 
making, friends can be a source of good 
feelings; not only about ourselves, but 
also the world in general. It's funny how 
problems-global, local, personal-seem 
a linle less overwhelming after they've 
been hashed OUt between friends; either 
over dinner, a drink or just a quiet 
moment somewhere. 

There's a definite tendency to take 
our friends for granted and to feel 
incredibly put upon if they don't "come 
through" for us-as though they "owed" 
us something. I don't like to fed that 
way about people; especially people I 
like. The problem isn't with the 
friends - it's with our expectations of 
them. 

We all have different types of 
friends-school friends , friends from 
work, childhood friends , friends that we 
might like to be more than friends-but 
they all have one thing in common (or 
at least they should): we like £0 spend 
time with them. It may not be a lot; it 
may be squeezed in beTWeen other 
things we're doing. But it's something 
we enjoy- at least I do. 

I need my friends. They know who 
they are , but they may nOl know how 
much they mean to me. They help me 
keep my sanity. I've lost £ouch with 
some, gained a few new ones, and am 
always on the lookout for more. 
Friendship is one resource that 
definitely increases lhrough usage. 

Thi~ is JUSl my own way of saying, to 
all of you, how much I value your 
friendship . I love you. Goodbye. 

By PHILANDREW KEELER 
They're everywhere. And they may be 

right after all. 
Somewhere between "Oon't worry, 

you'll find the right girl," and "Aren't you 
married yet?" lies a twisted tale of 
romance and adventure . 

The everyday pursuit of trying to meet 
that special someone amuses , fascinates 
and frustrates me. I am sure it dates 
back to the prehis toric days when the. 
first cavedude sauntered up to the first 
avec hick and asked , "00 you come 

here often?" 

I like playing games as much as the 
next sportSman , but I would appreciate 
a copy of the rules. There seems to be a 
nasty practice called "asking a girl out" 
that precedes the whole affair. This 
makes it hard for someone who goes by 
the maxim "Any girl who wants to go 
OUt with me, I don't want to go out 
with." 

However, I am no masochist. When 
the girl says she would rather crawl 
through a snakepit and picnic with the 
Hell's Angels than go out with me, I 
won't call her back for at least a week. 

Deciding what £0 wear on a first date 
can be a nerve-racking experience. I try 
to ease the tension by explaining to my 
date that we are going to a toga parry. A 
sense of humor is important to a 
relationship; if she doesn't have one, at 
least you will have a humorous anecdote 
for your friends and colleagues. 

To some, marriage is a sacred thing; 
to me, it is a scary one. Time was 
couples my age would get married 
because they "had" to. Now those crazy 
kids are doing it because they love each 
other. 

Recently I was at a wedding of an old 
friend and everyone was a couple. I 
could clearly see a vision of my 
grandmother in front of me as my 
friend's voice said, "So, are you seeing 
anyone?" and I hadn't even had any 
champagne. It unsettles me when they 
can seat all the singles at one table. 

I am still trying to justify why I 
haven't graduated from college and am 
not prepared for my wedlock defense . I 
can already see that ·We wouldn't mind 
a grandchild" look in my parents' eyes. 
What could they possible expect next? 
For me to get a job? Where's the Shell 
Answer Man when you need him? 

Where do you find Mr.lMiss Right? 
Confetti, Diegos and the like often 
breed something which doesn't resemble 
true love . I think I will meet my future 
ex-wife at the frozen food section of Big 
Bear or at an Aztec pottery exhibit or 
perhaps a Trailways bus headed nonh. I 
believe in fate , but, then again, maybe 
that's why I'm still Single. 

By PHILOSOPHER CANOLE 
They're everywhere. You see them in 

the middle of a sociology lecture on the 
American Dream-Pop ; waiting in line 
to pay fees for their higher education-
Smack; dressed in black tie and elegant 
gowns at the spring forrnal-Chew ; 
listening to a classical music concert as 
the orchestra crescendos-Blow-Blow-
Blow-Bang! 

BeYQnd their Lands End blazers, 
sunlamp tans, frat sweatshins, Banana 
Republic safari hats, electric pink 
stockings and aerobic leotards, the 
definite feature of a growing number of 
UCSD students can be found sticking to 
the bottom of their penny loafers or 
smacking in their mouths. 

Before the Ugly Paisely Anists sprayed 
their red graffiti paintings on every 
pillar and post, students were applying 
their globs of tiny pink sculptures to 
armrests, the undersides of desks, toilet 
seat covers, bedposts, theater seats and 
every out of the way place you reach to 
discover that hard sticky substance. 

The California smile , similar to the 
Humphrey Bogart snear, the Miss 
America Vaseline-coated smile and cows 
chewing on grass, is a byproduct of the 
countless hours the student's lips draw 
~ack to make room for the teeth's 
chewing action . Obviously etiquette 

Thursday, March H. 1985 11 
~6C.rlte:s " 

A. ~ '". .~< . , ~ ~~.....:~::'if.'. <".~:s' ;.>'_' 

manuals on chewing with one's mouth 
closed are not being read. 

A new religious order has sprung up 
on the Revelle Plaza, Sitting in a 
mindless state of pleasure, the new 
disciples of Demine can be heard 
chanting, "Hari dubble, Hari bubble, 
dubble bubble, dubble bubble, hari hari." 
With their kundalini breathing 
techniques, they create their pink 
expanding hollow universe. They empty 
their minds into the pink globe, 
anticipating the euphoric moment when 
the mind and bubble become one as the 
universe explodes OntO their faces. 

One would think college students 
would have matured out of this 
adolescent activity, but perhaps their 
obsession is a delayed revolutionary 
action against their othodontist's 
warnings about the dental disaster of 
mixing Wrigleys and wire. 

More likely, srudents occupy their 
mouths with this gummy substance to 
give the impression to a faraway 
observer they are chewing in an idea or 
involved in an intriguing conversation. 
But as you approach the sm iley subject, 
the truth is revealed to the sounds of 
Chew-Chew-Smack-Smack-Chew-Blow-
Blow-Bang as they chew to the sounds of 
a different gummer. 

By PHILIClA AGOS 
They're everywhere. Did you know 

that the tampons sold at Peterson Hall 
are only S¢ apiece? S¢! That means that 
28 of these , bought at Peterson in the 
women's restroom would cost only 
$1 .40. Some qUick checking in the ever-
important Aisle Three at Ralphs will 
show you that 28 tampons, 
manufactured and packaged by Playtex, 
will come to a grand and overpriced 
total of $3.49. This is a total ripoff, but 
it's also a ripoff that Playtex knows it 
can get away with-unless, of course, 
the lucky females amongst us want to 
horde our nickels and bombard the 
feminine hygiene machine at Peterson 
once a month. 

My roommate, ChriSty, is fascinated 
by the way Playtex and similar 
companies have the capacity to rip us 
the hell off. Someone told me once, and 
I think it was her, that the money spent 
on a lifetime supply of tampons equals 
the money needed to take a cruise to 
the Greek Isles. The Greek Isles! I would 
much rather be sunning myself on a 
cruise ship to the Greek Isles than 
spending my time gening prescriptiOns 
filled for Motrin. 

Have you seen The Breakfast Club yet? 
That one scene where the basket case 
girl dumps her purse on the couch and , 
among other things, tampons fly out, 
reminds me of my other roommate Pam. 
I can just see her doing that. In fact, I 
have seen her do that. Once a month, 
every month, those little white packages 
are everywhere she is. They are on her 
desk, on her Door, in her closet, in her 
car-everywhere. It's amazing. Once I 
was studying in Central with her and I 
had self-consciously and discreetly 
packed my "supply" deep in the safety 
of my backpack thinking, "I know 
they're here. No one else does, No 

problem." Hah. I innocently go get a 
drink of water, come back, and what do 
I see but that tell-tale white package 
blatantly resting on the rabie-out for aU 
to see. Embarrassment for me, laughter 
for her. 

Mother Nature never put a bigger 
curse on the female population. I 
personally would rather be cruising the 
Greek Isles. 

By PHILOOUGH YOUNG 
They're everywhere. I hear people 

complaining about their housing all the 
time: "I live in Lebanon, I get lost TWice 
a week trying to find my apartment;" "I 
hate my roommates;" "My rent is to'o 
high ." 

Personally, I live in a quiet area near a 
sunny glade over which the sun rises; I 
live by myself; I pay no rent. 

Normally when I tell people that I live 
in my Volkswagen bus, their reaction 
varies between surprise (most men) and 
polite , yet sympathetic, revulsion (most 
women). But it's nOt so bad : I have 
carpet; I have a stove; I have a sink. For 
those stimulating candlelit dinners, a 
table folds out of the living room and 
creates the dining room; a little music 
from the cassette deck perhaps? 

So I don't have a lot of dates(maybe 
because people don't like to hang out in 
a place where they can't stand up). But I 
have closets, and curtains that my mom 
made and a couch that turns into a 
double bed. 

Occasionally I get a little self-
conscious when I realize I'm sitting in a 
parking lot, in my bus, making an 
omelet. Occasionally I feel like a moron. 
However, most of the time my mind is 
adjusted to the limited space and I 
acrually enjoy not paying rent, not 
having roommates and nOt having to 
drive home late at night when rve been 
working. 

So don't bitch and moan; it's not so 
bad! 
By PHILBERT LEONE 

They're everywhere. I'm sorry about 
the grossness of this lead, but riding 
around La jolla and Pacific Beach and 
University City and points east of 1-5 
tend to give you more of a chance to 
see the gross things. Dog and cat 
messes, passed out or foraging 
transients, merchant marines rtying to 
pick up girls in Balboa Park, and the 
road kills. 

The road kills are the worst. Every 
time I look at one it seems to be saying, 
"Hey, bikers, some day this could be 
you." It's just the thing I need to stan or 
end my day. Then there are the things 
on the road that are just plain weird. 
Like paraplegic rats. 

There I was, huffing and puffing in 
my granny gears, trying to get up this 
hill, and I saw this grey rat in the gutter 
in front of me, moving. I stopped, and 
thought that since the roof and sewer 
rats (Rattus norvencus, or whatever, 
anyway, they're popularly called rats) are 
already present in San Diego, the city 
can stop its ban on selling rats in the 
city limits. AI. least my snake-owning 
friends will not have to buy "long-tailed 
hamster" anymore. 

Roberts VW 
-

VOLVO 
&V.~914.VW.BMW ~ ~ ~ AudiServ. ~W 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guara"te«l • Factory-Trai"ed 5pedalist 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

•• 
(619) 454·7823 
(619) 454·3705 
(619) 275·1132 IInde. 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA. 92109 
_Of. 

* We use a"d recolttltteltd Ke"'lIlY L"brica"ts /0 ON' cws/o'lfln'S * 
---------------------------------10% OFF 

On All Repairs· 
.(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon 
(Nol IJQlid willi aliI oilier roNpolI) 

Then I noticed that the rat wasn't 
moving its rear legs. Or its tail . The rat , 
tight in the middle of a busy two-lane 
road , was paralyzed. It was trying to 
climb the curb using only its front legs. 
It was (as you've already guessed) a 
paraplegiC ral. 

First off, I was dumbfounded. I had 
never before seen a rat in such 
desperate straits <except when 
succumbing to old age or a python'S 
coils). I had never before considered the 
idea that animals, in the wild , were 
subject to the same spinal injuries that 
have plagued too many or my friends , 
neighbors and fellow human beings. 
Asthmatic rats, tubercular rats, yes, even 
cancerous rats; but never had I even 
considered the plight of the paraplegic 
rat. 

Secondly, I was caught in a moral 
dilemma. What was I to do? Here was a 
crippled, feeling creature, unable to 
climb the curb. The ral started crossing 
the street, or tried to, but was dissuaded 
from making the attempt by the noise 
and vibrations of passing cars and 
bicycles. On the other hand , this 
creature was a disgusting, possibly 
disease-ridden animal, which would 
have little life prospects without the use 
of its hind legs. My final decision was to 
leave it where it was. I could not put it 
down (commit euthansia), because that's 
a disagreeable task, and probably one 
the rat would object to (though I would 
not presume to speak for a rat). I could 
not assist the rat, because that would 
place both me and the rat (which could 
have a considerable number of internal 
injuries that would be exacerbated by 
handling) in considerable peril. So I left 
it there. 

By PHILONA HU 
They're everywhere. On the desk , on 

the floor, on Alicia's desk, in the chair, 
everywhere. They would be in my desk 
too, but I don't have a desk . Don't you 
just hate it when you don't have a desk, 
and you have to use someone else's? I 
do. Alicia doesn't like it either, but she's 
not big and mean like my editor is, so I 
don 't have to listen to her. Survival of 
the finest, baby. 

What was I talking about? Oh yes, the 
entries for the Talking Heads trivia 
contest. They're not pretty, but the 
problem is, most of them are right. 
Don't you just hate it when you make 
up a Talking Heads trivia quiz and 
everyone knows the answers already? 
Boy, that makes me mad. I figured no 
one would get aU tell answers right, and 
I would get to keep the autographed 
poster of David Byrne, and I love David 
Byrne, so I could put the poster up in 
my room and be very very happy. But 
nooo. These people (you know who you 
are) waltz on in with reams and reams 
of answers, and they're even correct. 
That's sick. The quiz says "limit five 
entries per person" so you know what 
they do? That's right, they xerox five 
copies of their sheet. Then they get all 
their friends to enter five copies of it, 
and by Thursday there's about fifty 
billion Talking Heads entries all over 
everything. II sucks. It really does. 
Think you're so smart? Okay, how 

many times does it say "Same as it ever 
was" in "Once in a Lifetime?" Twenty-
two, in the otiginal version. Who is 
David Byrne's girlfriend? Bonny Lutz, 
sister of Tina Chow. Where did David 
appear on Valentine's Day with a model 
biting his ear?! In Vanity Fair. I also 
know the name of the dog Tina 
Weymouth had in 1976, and what 
happened to David Byrnes' favorite 
doubleknit polyester pants. So there . 

So, lovely ladies and gentlemen, don't 
complain if the Trivia Quiz is tOO easy. 
We could always make it worse , and 
sometimes we do. When that cenain je 
ne sais quoi pervades the air, don't say 
'Je do sais quoi" because it's improper 
French, and because JUSt when you 
think Guardian articles are as trivial as 
possible , they get more so. Happy trivia 
to all and to all a good night. 

By PHILIP RALPH P APP 
They are everywhere: contractions 

with apostrophes suspended in the 
middle. The graceful old custom of 
writing OUt the whole of the word has 
been dealt a fatal blow by folksy writers 
and the paper shortage they are printed 
on, A bare century ago there were 
enough trees and fastitidious authors for 
all . Then came the appearance of Henry 
james, who used up Ihe remaining 
resources of literary fastidiry and whose 
sentences were printed on all that we 
had of trees . 

I have purchased the remaining rights 
(as opposed to the last rites) to 
fastidious authorship, and am now the 
sole owner of uncontracted words 
(including, if I observe correctly, 
complete sentences). The immonallines 
by the poet Gray-

Where brevity is bliss, 
To apostrophise is wise-

By PHIL THOMAS WAGSTAFF 
They're everywhere. Bleary-eyed, 

unshaven victims of 40 sleepless 
hours, victims of the night before. There 
is nothing more gratifying on God's 
eanh than crawling in to work after a 
frenzied night of painting plywood that 
should have been painted ten weeks 
ago; than to have every single person 
that walks though the office teD you you 
look like Hell. 

No, I'm not a masochist that thrives 
on the admonitions of others, that I 
need a shave, that there are bags under 
my eyes and that my hair looks like the 
dregs of a dog groomer's garbage can, 
And I am not gratified by insults to my 
vanity, no maner how constructive the 
criticisms are intended to be, even 
though it means people notice me; after 
all, to be called a fur ball from a 
buzzard's gizzard is to be called a fur 
ball, no matter how you skin it. 

The reason I smile when people teU 
me I smell, that'my clothes are a 
rumpled , crumpled mess and that I 
should go home and get a good night's 
fumigaton, while all the while the walls 
are spinning, my chair keeps floating 
out from under me and the girl across 
the room keeps fuzzing into a day-ltlo 
orange tennis ball; is that at least I know 
l'm still alive. Il:J 

Lean on us for 
your travel 
education. 

Your travel career will go places when 
your training is the best it can be, Our 
265-hour course includes 40 hours of 
the most innovative airline computer 

training available. Day and evening 
NeKt day claS.1 storts classes. 

Mor. 18 
Please coli for 

Information on 298-0890 
EII/8Olng classes. 

1:-",-,va 
.cHaD ... 

7801 Mission Center Coun 



" 

12 Thursdav, March 14, 1985 

Baseball and softball are having some fun 
Running rings around the basepaths 
By JOHN SCHACHT. Slaff Writer 

I T WAS BILLED as a doubleheader. A couple of games between UCSD's baseball team and Occidental's at the 
latter's home field. What it rurned into, 
however, was a one-man wrecking crew. 
The Bob Natal Show, ladies and 
gentlemen, with stellar supponing 
performances from pitchers David de 
Cordova and Mark Sloan , among others. 
While the critics rave , the Tritons roll 
on, winning 13-3 in the first game and 
4-1 in the second to move their record) 
to 12-7-1. 

Led by rightfielder Natal's three hits 
(two doubles and a homerun) and five 
RBIs, the Tritons pounded Occidental 
pitching for IS hits and 13 runs in the 
first game. Natal's homerun was, 
acco rding to coach Lyle Yates , the 
longest he'd seen at Occidental-ever. 
"It was ," the coach said , "truly a poke ." 

Despite a sore nnee. Dave de Cordova 
went all nine innings against Occidental. 

Backed by the guny pitching of de 
Cordova, the Tritons scored early and 
often and ended up running away and 
hiding after the first few mnings. De 
Cordova, pitching with a sore knee, had 
thrown a total of three innings in the 
last twO weeks , but did not want to be 
removed after UCSD had built up a 12-0 
lead, "Dave's such a tough competitor: 
Yates admired , "that he really didn 't 
want to come out. He fel! like he 
needed the work after his layoff to get 
back in shape , so I left him in , He 
did n't have his best stuff, but he did the 
Job ." Apparently he dId have the right 
stuff, as he went aU nine innings, 
scattered eight hits and struck out six 
while the Tritons played errorless ball 
behind him . It was de Cordova 's second 
complete game of the year and 
improved his overall record to 4-2. 

The Tritons avoided the tendency to 
let down after an opemng-game win in 
a doubleheader and won the second 
game 4-1 behind the overpowermg 
pitching of Mark loan loan pitched a 
complete game, toO (h,s ,cwnd), and 
ran hIS record to 3-1 "Mark pitched J 

whale of a game," said his coach. "He 
was in control all the way. With the 
exception of one man, he gave up only 
one hit on the whole day." That one 
man went three for four on the day and 
tripled in the seventh before Sloan 
balked him in to tie the score at one . 
"That kind of fired us up because 
Sanger (the base runner) was out sliding 
into third . The ump blew the call, 
because the relay (from David Mendoza 
to David Stanovich 10 Chris LaRosa) was 
there in plenty of time ," the coach 
fumed. Sloan finished Wlih three 
strikeouts and one walk m his complete 
game. 

The Tritons went on to score twO in 
the eighth and one in the ninth to ice 
the game. atal went three for four in 
the second game and added twO more 
RBIs, giving him a total of seven on the 
day. Some folks do that in a season . He 
was joined by his teammate Derek 
Alkonis, who had second billing on the 
day even though he went two for four in 
both games and added four RBIs 
himself. 

"All in all it was a good day for us," 
Yates said. "That was the first time we've 
ever beaten OCCIdental on their own 
field before, and that makes us 5·1 in 
Division III games. We're turning out to 
be a pretty good road team ." 

Deren Alhonls went two for Jour in both 
games at the doubleheader with Oxy. 

The importance of the complete 
games the Tritons gOt Saturday was 
underscored by the fact that UCSD is 
Injury-riddled in the pitching 
department. Yates had even been 
auditioning some positIon players for 
back-up In the bullpen In case he was 
forced to go Into the pen deeply against 
OCCIdental. 

In a related 100:ldent, the pitching 
staff recelvcd another hlow when 
.lSSIStant cO.lch C hdrhc Cox who 
cOolched the pItching st.llf-reslgned 

;, CONTINUED ON PAGE 1 i .> 

By TAWNYA KEEDY 
"I T FINALLY HAPPENED: 

confided shortstop Pammer 
Hardaway. More than a first 

place trophy was brought back from last 
weekend's softball tournament at the 
University of Redlands. An inspired 
collection of women athletes displayed 
their individual talents as one ... one 
large gold and blue wrecking crew. "You 
take the pressure off a nd see what 
happens? .. . a lot of fun ," observed 
Barbara Arnold. And oh, what fun it was 
to win four straight games after 
struggling through a 1-4 pre-season with 
losses to UCSB, SDSU and Cal Lutheran. 

The "fun" being referred to involves a 
two-day sti nt of everything going right: 
40 compiled runs , a .426 team batting 
average on the ope ning day, two one-
error games ( the minimum to date), a 
stingy collective ERA lingering below 
o ne run per inning credited to freshmen 
Leslie Meyer and Patty Campbell and a 
wave of enthusiasm resulting in several 
post-tournament cases of laryngitiS. 

UCSD's opener Friday evening 
qUickly evolved into a slugfest against 
the University of La Verne. Homeruns 
by Julie Bums, Barbara Arnold and a 
grand slam by Hardaway facilitated a 
13-1 cruise to viCtory. The entire squad 
rouQded out the defense , who only let 

At third base, Dani Goodlett turned in 
six assists against La Verne and ... 

one error slip by for the seven innings 
of play. Not to be overlooked was Meyt:r 
and her nirtation with firing a shutout 
and effortlessly helping herself to a 
stolen base . Other commendable 
performa nces were lurned In by third 
baseman Dani Goodlett with six assists, 
and Hardaway finished up with a three-
for-fo ur day. 

By no means was UCSD th rough wi th 
Oaunting its high powered play. Loyola 
Malymount was rudely welcomed into 
the tournament with a 12-5 beallng 
from Ihe hat and gloves of the Tnton 
balklub Dcspit' a three-hour break. the 
an Dlcg.ms pIcked up where Ihey hJU 

left off with consistent hitting from 
Charissa Hammet and Goodlett, both 
three for four, and a towering homerun 
by Gina Correia. Subduing the 
opposition's bats was Patty Campbell 
who gave up five hits and two earned 
IUns while going the distance. 

Day two matched up the "undefeated" 
as Whittier College took the field 
against UCSD. Both teams playt:d a 
tighter ballgame than the previous day's 
endeavor as the scored was tied at two 
runs apiece in the hlth . The deadlock 
was broken ope n in the sixth when 
UCSD ramed with well timed and 
perfecdy executed bunts to push three 
lun~ ac ross the plate. But before the 
book could be closed and the cha ns 
could be filled in to show UCSD 
advancing into the final bracket, 
Whinier managed to coumer rally when 

... then went three Jor four against Loyola 
Marymount. 

one run in the seventh and brought the 
tying run to the plate after back-to-back 
fielding errors gave Whiltier a second 
and third chance. The drama fizzled as 
seventh inning heroics were performed 

c~unesi of firstbaseman TJ Bronson , 
who nagged down twO errantly-thrown 
balls and tallied them as put outs. 

Once again La Verne rebounded from 
its ea rlier loss to win two in a row and 
earned another shot at UCSD. The 
veterans might ha \'e recalled last year's 
come-from -far-behind victory for the La 
Verne Leos. The same circumstances 
existed for this year but histo ry had not 
the strength to repeat itself, and the 
Triton women finished off the weekend 
SImilar to their stan, by accumulati ng 
ten more runs and allOwing a single 
e rror. Leaving little doubt about 
competency in anyone's mmd, UCSD 
walked away With the three-tiered 
trophy awarded a fte r the final out and 
the 10-3 finale was marked down as 
Ic,umony to a newfound tcam 
cl)nHdence ~ 

Thursday, March 14, 1985 13 
Sf'ba.n . 

• ~:, .. ,~.:,);.~ .. ", ~ /.~~ .. ' U,,' ~ ~." .. .. • , , .. '.,". •• 

· Splash this mess around 

Intimidation? No chance, at least not 
on the part of the eight UCSD .female 
swimmers who began competition in the 
Nationals today. 

By MICHELLE CARROLL 
"Perspective is very important. We 

want to win." This positive attitude of 
UCSD swim coach Bill Morgan best 
exemplifies the "motivation" which the 
men's and women 's swim teams have as 
they head into the grand finale of the 
1984-85 swim season: The NCAA 
Championships. The next twO weekends 
mark the end of a vigorous two-quarter 
season. Both teams concluded 
competition last week , in whic h an 
impressive 22 swimmers qualified for 
the National Championships. 

Women's competition began today in 
Atlanta, Georgia. The eight UCSD female 
swimmers have been predicted to place 
fifth in a field of 85-90 teams. Coach 
Morgan feels strongly that his team will 
surprise a lot of people due to unknown 
talent. The girls "a re ready to do well," 
and "they feel no intimidation." 

Leading the eight-woman team is 
sensation Tracy Mulvany who is 
considered one of the top freshmen in 
the country. Mulvaney has broken four 
Triton records and was Division III 
leader in the 200 and 500 freestyle as 
well as the 200 individual medly. She is 
joined by teammates Barbara Lee, a 
three-time All-American, and Jackie Van 
Egmond, a 1984 All-American. Alison 
Gilmore, a two-time All-American and 
Irene Mons, a 1983 All-American , 
qualified in four and five events 
respectively. Transfer Leann Brown, a 
sophomore, and freshrrtan Laura 
Knochenhauer from San Mateo, both 
qualified in three individual events. 

UCSD women placed an impressive 

AS ---Election Calendar 
Filing Period 

March 11,1985,8 am to March 18, 1985,4:30 
pm. File forms with the Student Activities 
Office (Marietta). 

Canc#dates Meeting 
April 1 , 1985, 5 pm in North Conference Room 

Campaigning 
From 8 am, April 2· thru closing of polls on 
April 10, 4 pm. 

Voting 
April 9 &. 10, 1985, Polls open 9 am to 4 pm 

Polling Places 
Revelle Plaza 
Gym Steps 
Muir Quad 
Third Quad 

Warren/ Registrar's 

Campaign Materials 
All materials must be removed by noon of the 
2nd day of voting, 
For more information call x4083 or come by 
the Student Activities Office. 

No Filing During Finals or Spring Break!!! 

fifth in Seattle , Washington , out of 11 
teams in the Pac West Championships. 
They finished their regular season with 
a record 4-5. 

The men's team will be competing in 
Atlanta March 21 -23. The J 4-man squad 
has been picked to place second . with 
rival Claremont-Mudd as chief 
competitors. The men finished with a 
record of 1-4 and a Pac West 
Championship finish of third , behind 
Washington and Oregon . Morgan 
commented on the fact that the teams 
"train through dual meets." 

Overall, Morgan feels that the 1984-85 
teams proved to be the best UCSD has 
ever had , and they are the closest-knit 
team which he has ever coached. This 
homogenous bond which UCSD has 
been able to caprure makes for a 
supponive team, something which is 
difficult to achieve with two separa te 
teams, men's and women's. Bill Morgan 
has been coaching at UCSD since 1977 
when the first men's swim team began. 
Two years later he began coaching the 
women too , and has seen a total of 77 
UCSD All-Americans. ~ 

Jon Irwin is one oj the 22 UCSD swimmers who will Ix competing in the NCAA Division 
U1 National Championships. 

ilr 

TKE: (front.l to r) TIm Freudenberger, Bnu:e Yulle, ToddStayart, Dave Vasil. 
(bottom,1 to r) Tim Archer, Brian Mequet, Chris Wiggins, Keith Cramer, Matt 
Lumsden. 

TKE-HAWAIIAN FOOTBALL CHAMPS 

T.his was th~ IKE.s· founh championship game and their third 
Stralg~t championship. Needless to say these guys either grew up in 

Hawal~ or spend lots of tim~ there learning the gam,:. They play the 
game hke nobody else. They ve got so many leis at home they're going 
to have to build a new ~m at the frat ho~se to have enough room for 
them. They are cenamly a dynasty Without equal in Hawaiian 
Football, 



1.. Tn u rlday. Marc II 14. 1985 
'SVDa.n 

... " .', ~ ,~ ~ ~ '. . . ~/, . 

Base 
• • WInnIng 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 12( 
last Thursday over a dispute with 
Athletic Director judy Sweet. Cox, who 
was in his third year with Lyle Yates, 
claimed lhal a recent controversy over a 
fund raiser had been "the straw that 
broke the camel's back." 

Cox had apparently fallen behind on 
orders he had contracted out for the 
painting of house numbers on curbs, 
and , according to Sweet, complaints had 
come into the Chancellor and the 
Athletic Department. Said Cox, "We fell 
behind on those orders due in part to 
the bad weather we had (in December), 
and then the season began. I felt judy 

didn't believe my excuses, and when 
she ordered me into her office, I fi nally 
had it. She was trying to treat me like 
an employee, and I'm not, I'm a 
volunteer. I don't have to do this; I was 
doing it primarily for the benefit of this 
program," said Cox. 

Sweet countered that she tries nOt 10 
get involved in "the supervision of 
assistant coaches. They're hired by the 
head coaches, and that's who is held 
responsible. I would never have been 
involved had Charlie met his 
commi tments. Charlie has made some 
contributions but has also caused some 
difficulties. When the complaints came 
in I asked him 10 SlOp any more 
contracts and finish the ones he had 
contracted in December. As recentlv as 
today I've had a complaint. I had no 
Other choice; I was forced to become 
involved." 

The fundraising issue, Cox claimed , 
was merely indicative of a "bigger 
problem: Chiding what he calls Sweet's 
"DiviSIOn III mentality," Cox said, "We 
don't mind doing the fundraising if we 
have to , but I've hever heard a word of 
gratitude out .of anybody in the 
Administration . The only time you hear 
from them is when you make a mistake. 
rye got nothing against j udy personally, 
but I feel an athletic director should go 
to bat more often than she does for this 
program. Lyle has really turned this 
program around, and I have invested 
hundreds of hours during the summer 
and a lot of doUars in recruiting and, in 
trying to maintain this field ." 

Cox cited the policies of two 
opposition coaches that hinted a t the 
problem prior 10 the arrival of Yates and 
his staff. "There was a time when the 
USD coach would not allow his players 

Good friends won't leave you flat. 

The moon was up, the stars 
were out and-pfftt!-your rear 
tire was down. Good thing there 
was a phone nearby. And a few 
good friends who were willing 
to drive a dozen miles, on a 
Saturday night, to give you a 
lift. When you get back, you 
want to do more than just say 
"thanks7 So tonight, let it be 
LOwenbrau. 

Lowenbritu. Here's to good friends. 

to slide because of all the foreign objects 
on the field . San Diego State wouldn't 
play here at all because of the condition 
of the field ," Cox said. "I purchased an 
expensive all-terrain vehicle so we could 
sweep the infield-they used to do it by 
hand." 

Sweet was unaware of the allegations 
about the prior condition of the field, 
but explained her position: "We worked 
to gel some money to get 
groundskeepers to help care for the 
field, and they take care of the outfield. 
It 's not unusual-especially in Division 
III - for the coaching staff to personally 
tend to the infield. A baseball infield 
needs manicuring, and it's usually up to 
the specific requirements of the 
coaches. 
- It seems a piry that in a year when 
winning is in vogue, a situation arises 
where there are no winners at all . ~ 

Improve YOur Aeaalng Speea ana 
ComprehenSion Irom 2 to 7 tIme s 

FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave .. Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 2~10 
M.l. tv1cNulty. Administrator 

l~~ CE NTER 
' ... , ''' ' 1 • .,.Ul,h ....... . ,.-., ,.,' , ...... I " . 1 .. 

'laalfled adwrtIslng splICe Is sold In 
IOO-character Incremenu. Each 
Ieaer, JU'CIUMIon fNlrtc and space 
betli.Wen words I, consldeNd a 
character. with capital letters 
counting as two cMraClleI1. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 characters for s1Udencs 
and S3 per 100 charac1len for n0n-
students. You must cane by the office 
or mall In ~ lid, as we require 
~ In acMInc:II 01 publlcadon. 
Dud"".. are 5 pm Tuetday for 
ThlrIdIIy's paper. 5 pm Friday far 
Monday', paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian. UCSD, 1-016, La Jolla. CA 
92093. 

Ayn Rand Readers and stuc:fents of 
Dt!jectMsm meeting ~ Sunday. II 
am-2 pm, HarTle SavIngs of America. 4311 
La Jolla VII. DrII.Ie. l.klIversIt¥ T~ 
Centre. 13/14/ 
'v1oIin. viola. prep for 32 or Just for fun. 
IndMdual or shared lessons. ~Ien 
Martin. 457~71. 16/6/ 
Earn a Free SId Trip & SIOO.OO cash. For 
information call 714-750-0861. 13/14/ 
lht Arewalkl ~ Rrewalk is coming to 
San Diego. You see it In the media. 'tbu 
hear abOut it from )OUr friends, 'Mlat 
would It feel II~ to "go farbe)ondwhat 
used to bI! posslbte for)Ou nr:m7' Will 
)OU do ft firewalc seminar with 

Mttlo~ RobbIns March 22nd In San 
DIego 7 ~ a VrRIY _10 end out the 
quartrr. Get)OUr tIx and ITIOI'e info by 
calHng Ted Herzog at 453-9454, 13/14/ 
KB Books Announcementl we have a 
home: For ~ first 2 WI!eks of each 
quartrr INt are open In the Ralph's 
Shopping Center at ft Great Earth 
VItamin Store. Also. INt are alWays 
available at 452-8350; call for quesdons 
or about deIiYefy policy. Remember: 10CMt 
below Bookstore pricel Spread the 
word113/141 
Hefp the UCSO bike team. Buy a raffle 
ticket for a buck. Available at the bike 
shop. Win a new bike, 13/14/ 
Haw.,' Birthday Roger Revellel Party on 

~ Plaza at noon Friday, Cake. music. & 
Roger hlmseltl Come celebratrIll13/14/ 

~ fun during break and come to the 
Rock Palace. 3465 EI c.,., BMf. and 
dance with Umbo Slam 9-12 pm March 
28ITttJrs·/13/14/ 
PB-Private omce In home w/IBM 
computer/printer. Ideal for 
writer/research/business. 483-
1170/272-8495. 13/14/ 

WaterOed.....QJeens/ze. INOOd frame. 
waveleSS. eo.oerythlng Included. S125, call 
Brad 755-3260· 13/141 
1979 VW RABBIT. diesel. 5-speed. extra 
tank. rrw radials. SLI'lIOOf. S2000/offer. 
279-9456. 13/141 
73 Malibu-Excellent condition. 
aJtDmatk: transmission. power steering. 
po.ver brakes. air condition. OJrrent 
registratiOn. smog certified, SI.OOO or 
best MovIng must selll 483-6236 call 
evenings, 13/141 
Hotl RacIng bike 58cm. llltus aluminum 
frame; Ma\Ik: blue raclng~; sewup 
tires & spare; $1700 new; must sell. S700. 
can George at 481-2136 hi message. 
13/141 
Priority time reservation for eve!)' 
Intramural sport. Good for I ~ar. Best 
o~r. BrIan: 455-5310. 13/141 

78 Ford Fairmont Stw. Auto air ps pb 
am/tn. Only 56,000 mi. S2750 or best. 
can Peter 481-1086. 13/141 
1979 Honda Express 1/ moped. 3.200 
miles. lHce new. original owner. 5300. 
75&2171. 13/14/ 
A1KaI ski trip to Jackson Hole. Will sell 

~ ticket for S250 or best otl'er. Must 
hUny: 457~159. 13/14/ 
Last c:hance to party b/4 finals' rue 4 sale, 
Rrm Iw/ Jimmy Page/3/14 & 3/16. good 
seats beIoIN costl Iron Maiden 3/16 & 
3/17. front 15 rows floor. cheap I 
Depe<he Mode, E. MJrphy. Roger 
Waters' Keith 436-8041. 13/141 
Guitar amps. Roland Je-5O. 1-12'". 
chorus. vibrato. rf!Yel'b. distortion. etc. 
Excellentmndltion. SI80, Fender Champ 
530.457-2817. 13/14/ 
New books 10% off for many AMES. Sio. 
Chern. Emn. EECS. Math. fIt¥Ics and 
P.s)<d1 classes, KB Books Is at Great Earth 
VItanins In Ra~'s center first 2 \Neeks 
each qIr. or cal about dellve!)': 452-
8350. 13/14/ 
'66 WI bug. nice body. sunrf. good 
trans. extrasl SI.3000.b.o. Owner needs 
S. 455-5675~. 13/14) 
'75 Renault I..r car. 29K. air condition. 
S2000jbest offer, 453-7082. 13/141 
Gualalb!t!d 525 off. possibly more on 
the Malatlan Trip during Spring Break. 
call ~ 453-8206.13/14/ 
Ping Pong Table with paddles and net 
Make ~. call 695-8740 and leave 
message. 13/14/ ' 
For Sale. \Ifast!er /dryer. S~5 each or SIOO 
for both. Must sell by Mar. 30. Call 695-
8740 and leave message. 13/14/ 
Roger waters tickets for sale. Call 259-
0696. 13/14/ 
1965 WI van am/tn cassette. cabinets. 
pa'lefled. new batteIy. low miles, SI900. 

~. 566 6667. 13/14/ 

kilOI III 
Non-smoker. ~Ie ~n attendant 
for disabled student. S7ClO-8OO a month 
and share e)CJ)el'RS. Bari 579-6897. 
13/14/ 
8cJb:ysit2r wanted for t'NO children. 4 
and 6 yrs. old, WIll pay S4/hr. plus for a 
person 10 pick ~ kids from school and 
stay with them In afternoons. U.c. area. 
ca. for more details, 457-3377. 13/141 
Need trudc to fllCNe boxes 10xBx5' to 
illinois soon lme t007/ Expenses paid. 
Collect 815-398-9749. 13/141 

~ii1iilllll 
Roommate needed for Mission Bay 
house on the Bay. 2 blocks from beach, 
Available April I. S2581mo. & 1/3 util, 
cau Matt or .Jim 488-4108. smokers OK. 
female preferred. 16/61 
wanted: housetnate for house in La 
Jolla. PrIvate room and bath. Near 
beach. Q.l1et vegetarian. non-smoker 
only. Rent: S275. cal 459-6899. 13/14/ 
Housemate wanted to share large rwo 
story house In u.c. MIcrowave. T. V. and 
IaundIy facilities avail. Clean n0n-
smokers only please. S235/mo. 453-
1997. Please, leave message. 13/14/ 
Roommatr needed to share 3 bedroom 
apt. In fIB. S230 per month plus first & 
last 483-6236. 13/14/ 

Roommate needed: quiet nonsmoking 
male. UTC area. SI5O/1OO. Available 
immediately. Can Long 450-0328.13/14/ 
Female wanted 10 share room in 
spacious 3-bdnn 3-bath house in car1)()O 
near Mssn Bay. Ocean \/ie\N & ~. 
fireplace. 10 min. to UCSO. microwave. 
friendly roomies. S187/mo & 1/5 utiI. Kat 
276-8437 leves., 13/14, 
0Nn room for rentl S200/mo. in Del Mar 
w/pool. Creat place. Available nowI 
Please call I<hea 481-9214. 13/14} 
Roommate needed for tIJge Mission 
Beach apt. S200 & utli. 2 houses from 
beachl Avail. 00tN or 4/1. 483-1383. 
13/14/ 
Female wanted to share large double 
room in a 3 bdnn. 2 bait! house. \eY 
dose to WInd & Sea bl!ach. Rreplace. 
patio. Close to bus. Call evetWlgs 454-
1380. Kathy. Stephanie or Karin. S230 
per monch & 1/4 UUIIdes. 13/14/ 
FM nn wanted. Share Ig mstr bdrm. 
Great condo. SI82.50 mth. ~ Robin. 
.!JIll! or cathy. 450-0155 ~. 
13/141 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast seMce. 
SI.5O/page. I pickup & defNer". NOt 
Laurence 279-8056. 13/14/ 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typing I 

. Spe-lIlA9:- e-&rrf!ct-Rush jo-bs 
specialty/FJe)dble hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842, 13!14} 
EXPERT Tt'PING. Word Processing & 
Tape Transcription. RNsonabIe r3teS. 

~ ~ Word. 459-5818. 13/14/ 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush Jobs 
specialty /FJe)dble M. La Jolla. 457-
384213/14/ 
Houses/tting. Will sit for prof. going on 
leave for I mo. plus. Xlnt refs. DaIIid-
225-6995. 226-4318. 13/l41 
Top Drcr.ver Secretarial reportS. resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word 
processing. Diane 481-4160. 16/6/ 
Former UCSD grad wIN do)OUl' t)'Ping. 8 
~ars prof. e~. fast. accuratr. neat. 
ca. nowl Nadine 578-0496. 13/14/ 
VIsiting from Bertceley BOBBI PEARSON 
TYPING-EDITING. Exceptional wort. 
Same and next day service. Rnished 
quality bl!tter than most word 
processing. Former c~!dent T1ME 
and FORTUNE. Manuscript clients 
include Harvard Ecollomist R. Musgrave. 
SI.25 standard page. 274-2659. 13/14/ 
T}Ping/Word Processing-For all your 
l)'Ping needs call Barbara at 454-7624. 
R\Jshjobs accepted, 14/l/ 
Word processing/Mitlng. ~ 
offer: 15% off first job. Good r3IrS for 
resumes. theses. etc. System compatible 
with UCSD main cor11JUter. Nut 

Uni~rsity City. Words & Music 
U1Iimited. 45~9038. 13/14/ 
A Plus Typing/WOrd Processing-
theses. papers, resumes. etc. Fast. 
reasonable. profesional. In SDSU area. 
.Joan 287-3199. 14/4} 
Typing: IBM/rush jobs/edltlng,l'rast, 
professional results. 453-0656 or 296-
7333 Shari. 13/14/ 

Mobile Mechanic. Low student rates. 
call Rick 753-6100. 13/14/ 
First draft to completed paper. 
worclprocessing is the way 10 gol 
Experienced. Good rates. 450-1509. 
13/141 

INSURANCE WARI We'lI bl!at arty price 
or we don't want )Uur business. TIckets. 
accidents. sports cars . good 
drM!r/student discol.nts: all welcome. 
cal 286--1135. Request UCSD PlAN. 
13/14/ 
La .Jolla Astra SeMces. Analysis of all 
prospects of your relationship. ca" 45& 
0626. 13/18/ 
PIZZA RAMr\ RAMA PIZZA PIZZA 
RAMA RAMA PIZZA The one the only! 
See )OU at the RAMA \XIednesday of 
AI'<W.S week 5-8 pm catholic 1..Ol.nge. 
(3/14) 
Must sell my spring AI-CaI ski trip tidcet 
S250 or best ofIfer. Must act ~. 
Cr.IIg 457~159. 13/14/ 
SN: Re<DitillCtIded Rx-Meet me at the 
N» Friday 3/15 at 4:00. MO. 13/14/ 
t-fale a great II'Jeekelld. CiMrn. and 
good luck on finalsl Alpha 1oYe. )OUI' 
RosepaII13/14/ 
FtaJdy. Coach. Hoc:J\,e". and WIggy. we 
did it againl Thanks for four ~ars of 
"lInals·· that I could do INtU In. Redshirt 
one more year7"":Vett.« 13/14/ 
Ovisl¥ M : Roses are red. violets are blue. 
)OU don't know me. but I know }'CUI 
t-fale an Alpha day and gocx:I luck on 
finals--<iuess whoI7l13/14/ 
To all ~ AOII sisters: Looking fonNard 
to a- great spring quarterf ~ ~. 
Patti·13/l4J 
Fat Oriental Boy IFOBJ: Good luck on 
finals. I...ootklg fonNaId 10 I'lrI Friday 
10:00 pm sharpl ~)IiI. ~·13/141 
Erich (with an h rlght7J You really 
Rrigue ~. I want 10 get to know}'CU 
betIe'. 13/14/ 
To the adorable guy who was at the 
D.M. RobenD's 7:00 StIl. nile. We ~ I 
It*lg in COl/itO. (MeL foodl ~ we 
~ ~ more. Same time next 1Ntek1 
From ft girl )OU were staring at 13/14/ 
To E.e. laias E.B./ I'm sure we·" hiN! a 
blast next quarter even If we hiN! to 
pilch a trxt on the bead"I. Hope notl 
Good kJCk on finals. B.P. 13/141 

~. I'm goma faill ~ we shouJd 
put plan B inCo efl!!ct. T~ to the 
airpoft71 I<. 13/14' 
Patty. Happy Hour after finals are CN«7 
CiNe me a cal when you're done. I<. 
13/14/ 

lmt: Blue sweat jadcet in HL 1402 on 
Wed. 2/27. PIeasr retum-feWald-
setlliental value. Cal 453-6718.13/14/ 
Fculd: A Pet Rabt)jt on 3/4 at BID 303. 
To claim cal 455-9575 evenings. 13/14/ 
lmt: Seiko gold watch w/octagol. ~ 
& bIiJdc tnm. Set iii/let IC3I \8kAe. Reward. 
cal Be«h at 454-1025. (~/ 
lDst AuIDmaIa TheoIy IBIIIoot on 
~ partdng lot (aI Addle 42lH551. 
(~/ 
Lost Orange cn:IlM1iIIe tabby cat. has a 
wtitr "* IeSb Ie CDIIIr. Answers to Fat 
Cat. Large In sizr. SSO reward for his 

~ (all Dartene Jones at 
239-7708 or 457-5301. 13/14' 
lmt: HP1!C CaIIIClIIatDr. ~ on bade. 
If fcu1d please IUm In 10 EDNA. 13/14/ .. 



I 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 
BUDMAN DRINKS BUD, 
BUT EATS CROW 

It's a rare day in t. Loui when 
the blue-caped genius you've all 
come to love, actually humbles 
him elf publicly. But in all 
truthfulness, even the Budman has 
a few tOO many once in a while. 
Last Thursday turned out to be one 
of those on e-m-a-whiles. 

Let's be frank , the Budman's 
Annual Basketball Picks took a 
drubbing la week. I mean 
really . .. wh( would have figured 
the all-bu l- 'orgotten String 
Musicians, lei for dead m fourth 
place in the i league twO weeks 
back, wou1c lot: out of the coffin 
and up et prl ·Iournament favorite 
We'll Get Th, L.llls. 

Last Wed m'<.d ay. the) did Just 
that With Ia t-mmute Bob 
Goodman-Ie rally that mpped 
Paul Ra mus CI '" bun h at the wire 
55-51 Four day"- later they pulled 
off another beauty by wrappmg up 
Box Lunch (the Budman 's 
longshot) 66-60. 

here \~ go into unday' 
Men's MA BJ' etball ChampIOn-
ship with th, ;tri ng MUSicians (4-
3) playing ti : Triton Pub (6-1), 
solid winner )~ two playoff games 
this week the·nselves. 

On paper the Pub looks like 
heavy favorites .. . Kenny Roy, 
CurtiS Johnson, Urtl Goldston 
and the rest have been pla)'ing 
excellent ball as of late , but the 
Musicians are tuning their violins 
at just the right moment. This one 
will be fun to watch . 

Elsewhere, things in 1M 
Basketball are holding fonn rather 
tenuously. In Men's M , the TKEs 
won big Monday night 78-51 over 
Teamwork, and should have it easy 
until they get to the Final Four. Life 
After High School is waiting for 
them there and you can flip a coin 
on that one. 

Men' A Basketball is turning 
mto a real crap hoot Forget last 
week's weak selections. A whole 
ho t of new upStartS have come to 
forefront . Mlzzou pounded out two 
solId wms l54-37 over See Men 
hoot . and 53-38 O\'er Murphs 

Bar and Gnll). And then there 's the 
Dtngue~ernes who knocked off a 
highly ranked Finnl)' E tablished 
qutntet 50-42 m the econd 
Round 

fix the e in with WAMP (9-0) 
who is mired in a shoottng slump, 
tOP Making ense (9-0) and the 

Budman' big sleeper pick Brew 
Bros. (9-0) and you've got World 
War III with pop guns approaching 
real fast this weekend . 

) 

B DLIGHT 
FEBRUARY 

Ath ete of the Month 

BRANDON NIXON 
MEN'S BASKETBALL 
6-1, 170, SENIOR GUARD 
PHOENIX, ARIZONA 

UC San D ;0'5 talented guard Brandon Nixon concluded hiS stellar collegiate ba ketball 
career thiS P' ! month With a flOUrish. The Phoenax, Anzona product tallied 121 pOints and 
averaged 17 .JOints per game for each of the Tntan;' seven February comests. 

A 1983-8'1 1.\lAAcademlt All-Amencan. Ixon s<..Ored In double figures In each of the seven 
games with .. 1Iomhly high of 25 poants In each of the Southern Callfornaa games. Other 
outstandan • clforts dunng the month of February Include an 18-polnt effon an a 104-77 loss to 
NAlA powel \ lestmom College on February 5 ,lOd an 18-poant. five-rebound . slx·asslst naghl In 
a 91-79 loss ) cross-town rival POint Lorna 

The 6-1 , li')-pounder fmlshed as UC San Diego's lhlrd all-lime leadmg scorer With 915 
career pOint ' ,I addition ~Ixon was second m career as ists wlIh 222 

INTRAMV '. L BOWLING 
Intramural 'owling IS In the midst of ItS playoffs at this time. It's been a great 

season on d ; hardwood . Bowling is one of the more unique sports in the 
intramural pr ~rdm . Each player, man or woman , is given a certain number of pins 
each game a ~ : land icap to make everyone equal. But as they say, "The cream rises 
to the top! " It , rilat regard bowling is no dIfferent than any other sport. I would like 
to recognize ;, ,no;! of the top bowlers at UCSD. Who knows, we might be watching 
these fonne r l(SD students on Bowling For Dollars someday. The top bowlers: 

Men's HI ) 1 Average-Scott Kilcoyne 175 
Women High Average-Jeriene Evans 140 
Men's H " cratch Game-Bill Houle 245* 
Women hgh cratch Gam - Mary Ruth Warner 187 
Men's I ~cratch l.'nes-Torn 'chulz 613' 
Worn li ,h u ' 1 ene-.- u .... ln CJUlhnl.' 488 
Men ... 
\Nome 
Mer 
\VOll \ 

:1 I.lndl' ,\ Llml' - Kl ~ 11 11urakJI111 
.11 7/1 ~ ,I . 
' 1 H. ' l 

l13l1 Il,ll 

250 
23'i 
'i -r 
5H ~ 

• \ '1 J 1111(' 
) 1\ .. ,11 ./ 

SOCCER FORECAST 
MEN 'S MA 

Supremex by lover Don 'I Meg 
With Us-This game matches the 
great offense of Supreme x, Geraldo 
Costa and Abe Rothman, versus 
the superior defense of the 
Meggers led by Dennis Guttridge. I 
never bet against Geraldo in a 
championship game. He has won 
more championships tha n 
Muhammed Ali. 

MEN'S M 
Boy George Assassinators by 2 over 

Stud Again-Anyone with a name 
like Boy George Assassi nators has 
got to be pretty ' macho. Even 
though they finished third in their 
league they have the talent to win 
it. As for the Studs I hear they're 'A' 
championship last year hasn't 
produced any results in the 
nightlife department. Any females 
needing a date should show up on 
Muir Field, Sunday at 4:15. 

MEN'S A 
Head 11 In by 4 over SIO Nara-

Age is the key factor here. Head It 
In is young and hungry. Ellen's 
men, SID Nara, has a soccer I ~ 
team full of kids on the '·;.-row 
sidelines, and that'S just 
one player's worth. 
That gives you an . 
idea of their calen-
dar years. 

COED AM 
Sweel William by 2 over Kick ThQse 

Balls-Last year's 'M' champs 
Sweet William, have the great 
leadership. If coaching wins games 
this team will win easy. Led by John 
Conlisk and Luis Guash they are 
very fonnidable. Kick Those Balls 
plays every Tuesday and Thursday 
but I don't think that will be 
enough. 

COEDM 
Sally's Sockers by lover Ghandi's 

Guards-Sally's squad has been 
bolstered by the return of Super Leg 
Madeline Schneider from injurie . 
Along with Eric Turner they fonn 
an unbeatable duo. Ghandl 's 
Guards better guard their goal 
better than they did Ghandl. 

COED A 
Ben Dover by 4 over Klclt In The 

Grass-The name here IS hlrley 
Kidd . ThiS kldd is a one woman 
team. She can do it all. She and 
Laszlo Gyorffy are all they need. A 
Kick In The Grass has one 
weakness, their goalie. The only 
thing he can catch is flies because 
his trap IS always open. 

OORMA 
Dormbusters by 6 over M-

Building-Muir's finest will 
demolish Third's finest in the 
Campus Donn Finals. In fact any 
team with Adriene Clark on it 
would be a favorite. 



An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 

Vol. 8, No. 10 March 14, 1985 



.. _-

Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRIS YuUNG 

Contributing Editors 
ETHAN FEERST. JuAN 
FuR ·BERG. RuNA HU. 

JAMES RALPH l':"t'I' 
Staff 

MIKE AH • RODDY 
110li!\ ,v A. ANDREA 

HARMuN. KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. juH NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL · fATIoR. 

RuGER TEl'HE SuN 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Adverti,in" 452-3466 

HWlus IS published ewry 
Thursday of th~ acad~mi y~ar 
a a suppl"m~nt to thl: UCSD 
G UARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
o r US~ without writtl!n 

~rmlSSlon ot any pornon of 
this magazine IS a no-no. We 
wdcomc unsolicited letters . 
manuscripts. and artwork. but 
3ssum~ no responsibility lor 
the r<·turn ot sULh . ScnJ 
Information co: 

HIATUS 
8-0 16. Lu }ollu. CA. 92093 

Contents 
Covel': David Byrne, as well 
as the rest of the Talking 
Heads are not normal. 
Therefore, it makes sense 
that Stop Making Sense is 
unique. To find out how 
unusual it can get, see page 4. 

Richard Riddell . .. page 3 
As the new chairman of the 

Drama Department, Richard 
Riddell sees no limits to the 
creative boundaries at this, and 
other universities. 

Anthony Braxton . page 5 
Improvisation within strict 

parameters is what Anthony 
Braxton will show in his 
modern opera Trillium. 

'W·, 5 ltnes8 .. . . . . . . .. page 
Harrison Ford is back as a 

cop who falls in love with an 
Amish widow and murder is 
the backdrop. 

So Reveal . . . . . . . .. page 6 
An emerging new talent on 

the local music scene, So 
Reveal will perform at this 
Friday's TGIF. 

UCSD THEATRE presents 

japan's Sutuki Company of Toga 
ACCLAIMED AT THE 1984 LA ARTS OLYMPICS 

UTHE TROJAN WOMEN" 

"O"le of the single greatest nights in 
the whole sweep of world theatre, an 
experience of shanering impacr. 

TWO NIGHT ONLY 
PREMIERE EVENT 

APRIL 5 & 6 

The Boston Globe 

Mandell Wei •• Center for the Performing Arts 
Call now - 4524574 
Tickets aTe selling rapidl-y 

Presented in cooperation with the San Diego Public Theatre. 

2 Hiatus March 14, 1985 

. '. 

Hiatus says 

Stop Making Sense 
and start winning! 

Answer these Talking Heads trivia questions and 
you could win albums, movie passes and posters. 
1. Where does the tide for the movie Stop Making S(.'nse come from? 
2. Who wrote "Take Me to the River?" 
3. What member of the Talking Heads was born in Coronado? 
4. Where did David, Chris and Tina meet each other? (Hint: it's a school.) 
5. Who has produced all ot the Talking Heads albums since More Songs 
About Buildings and Food. ! 
6. When they made their debut in 1975 at CBGBs, what group did the 
Talking Heads open for? 
7. What was the name of Jerry Harrison's solo album? 
8. WI,al group did Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth form in L98l? 
9. From what song does the lyric "I'm an ordinary guy" come from? 
10. What song features a character named Mojique? 

Grand Prize: A David Byrne autographed poster, 
passes to the film and a copy of the soundtrack. 
4 runner ups: Passes to the film and a copy of the 
soundtrack album. 
TO ENTER: Write your answers on a piece of paper along with your 
name, address and phone number and drop it off at Assorted Vinyl or the 
Guardian or mail it to "Hiatus Talking Heads Contest," UCSD B-016, La 
Jolla, CA., 92093. Limit 5 entries per person. For info call 452-6580. 

Deadline: Tuuda", Marc" 19, 3 pm. 

ttStop Making Sense" 
opens March 22 at the Guild Theater 

--------March 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 1St. 16--------
FROZEN ASSETS 

Outrageous British comedy by Barrie Keeffe 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

$,.00 
---------March 13, 15 1St. 17---------

SHACHIAPANG: A WORK IN PROGRESS 
(subjec[ to change) 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
$5.00 

__________ March 14 at 1 pm ----_____ _ 
March 15 &. 16 at 7:30 pm 

HAMLET Project 
Directed by Eric Christmas 

UCSD THEATRE (On Wam~l Campus) 
Free 

---.....:...' ------March 15 S..s pm----------
March 16, 19 &. 20 4-7 pm 

GRADUATE DESIGN EXHIBIT 
MANDEVILLE EA T ROOM (AJjLl<:~'J'\[ to uudicorium) 

Fr .... e 

----------April 5 1St. 6 onlv---------
japan's Sutuki Company of Toga 

THE TROJAN WOMEN 
Acclaimed at th .... LA Arcs Olympi.:s us 

"One of [h .... slllgie greaCest nighu 
in [h .... whol .... sweep of worlJ [heacre, 
un ex/x.'rIL'J'\C .... of shuttering impa.:!." 

MANDELL WEI S CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
$1 7/ $1:J ruJL'tHs 

CALL 452-4574 FOR RESER VA TIONS 

Richard Riddel' 

Lighting the theater path 
------------------------BvJOANFORSBERG-----------------------

Richard Riddell has a vision of 
greatness for theater at UCSD. "We 
arc on the edge of a new 
development in this country in 
which artistic activity will begin to 
flourish again, an the universities 
will become the subsidizing 
institutions of the arts," explained 
Riddell, professor of theater design 
and newly-appointed chairman of 
the Drama Department. in a r('cent 
discussion on the expansion of 
theater on the UCSD campus. 

Diminishing government support 
for the arts is forcing theatrical 
institutions to rely on ticket sales 
and private donations for financial 
sustenance. Riddell believes that this 
situation has both positive and 
negative effects. "This system 
creates an entrepreneurship and an 
energy that you don't find in 
countries with subsidized theater 
because they take government 
assistance for granted," Riddell 
maintains. "However, you find that 
often theaters in the United States 
are looking at the commercial side of 
their operation too much." 

This concentration on a play's 
financial success tends to consume 
concerns for artistic achievement in 
a struggling theater company. 
Pressures from the box office 
compel theaters to forgo taking risks 
in their productions. adhering 
instead to the use of accepted, if not 
mundane. dramatic conventions. 

Riddell believes that the growth of 
new ideas in the theater depends on 
the work, "the basic research." being 
done in the universities across the 
country. "The university provides 
the freedom to explore and to 
experiment with the arts," he says. 
Some of the most daring, innovative 
work being created in the theater in 
this country is emerging from those 
profeSSional theaiers operating 
within a university environment. 
Riddell cites the examples of the 
American Repertory Theatre at 
Harvard University and the Yale 
Repertory Theatre at Yale 
University, two of the finest theater 
companies in the nation, which are 
guiding the devlopment of ideas on 
theater and · the arts in new 
directions. 

With the presence of the La Jolla 
Playhouse on campus. UCSD is not 
far behind in this movement toward 
uniting university theater-training 
programs with professional theaters 
in an atmosphert." of mutual creative 
development. Although it is entering 
only its third season this summer, 

the La Jolla Playhouse, under the 
guidance of Artisic Director Des 
McAnuff. is already receiving 
national recognition. McAnuff is 
successfully fulfilling his aspirations 
to create a center in La Jolla where 
the leading actors, directors and 
writers in the American theater 
scene will gather to produce 

imaginative, provocative, first-rate 
theater. 

Such renowned theatrical geniuses 
as composer Stephen Sondheim, 
playwright Michae! Weller and 
director Robert Woodruff head the 
list of nationally-known artists who 
will be in residence at the Playhouse 
this summer. Sondhelm will be 
joined by playwright George Furth 
and director James Lapine to work 
on a revised version of Sondheim 

and Furth 's 1981 Broadway musical 
Merrily We Roll Alonl{ . The 
Sondheim / Furth team has 
previously brought the theater world 
the musical Company, anJ Lapine is 
the librettist and director of 
Sondheim's current Broadway hit 
Sunday in the Park Wirh George. 

Also planned for this season at the 

Playhouse is a production of a new 
Michael Weller play, Ghost on Fire, 
commissioned especially for the 
Playhouse. Weller is best known for 
his dramas, MoonchiWT£..'T\ and Loose 
Ends, and his screenplays for the 
films Hair and Ragtime. A 
production of Bertolt Brecht's biting 
comedy, A Man's A Man, will be 
directed by Robert Woodruff, who 
staged The Comedy of Errors for the 
Olypmic Arts Festival in Los 

Take Off On A High Flying Career 
As A Flight Officer.' 

Be pan of the Navy aviation team - a Naval Flight Officer. As a flight officer. you'll be responsible for controlling 
complex, on-board weapons and navigation systems on sophisticated Navy aircraft. As a flight officer. you'll be 
Fn advanced technical training. Youll gain early responsibility. And you'll have the chance for worldwide 
travel 
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum BAlDS degree (summer graduates may inquire). Applicants must be no more 
than 29 years old and have vision correctible to 20/20. Relocation required . Applicants must pass aptitude and 
physical examinations and qualify for security clearance. u.s. citizenship required. 
BENEATS: Excellent packagr includes 30 days' earned annual vacation, medical/dental/low-cost life 
insurance coverage and other tax-free incentives. Dependent'S benefits awilable. Promotion program included. 
PROCEDURE: Send resume to. or caD Naval Management Programs. • 

NAVY RECRUITING DISTRlCf, BUILDING II 335 NAVAL TRAINING CENTER, 
SAN DIEGO, CA. 92133, PHONE 293-6746 

____ Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast., __ --

Angeles last summer. 
The U 0 Theatre amI the La 

Jolla Playhouse stimulate a nd 
suppo rt each other in their crea tive 
endeavors. "It is this connection 
between the professional theater and 
the training program that is clearly 
the future of theater in this 
country," Riddell states. "With the 
Playhouse and the Professional 
Theatre Training Program on 
campus, UCSD is entering a new 
stage of activity in which we will 
begin to see the development of 
work in an experimental fashion in 
the training program. This work will 
then grow into a more solid, mature 
form in the professional theater 
here, and then , the work may move 
on to someplace else." 

This process has already begun to 
operate. Many UCSD students and 
faculty members, including Riddell, 
were involved last summer with the 
Playhouse'S production of Big RltJer, 
a musical adaptation of Mark 
Twain's AJwnrures of Hw.:klclx.-rry 
Fmn. A highly successful, critically-
acclaimed run in La Jolla provided 
director Des McAnuff and his design 
team with the inspiration to iron out 
the kinks in Big Ritl~'T and to move 
the play to New York, where it will 
open on Broadway this April. 

As the lighting designer for Big ' 
Ritlt!r, Richard Riddell is excited 
about his debut as a designer of a 
Broadway production, even though 
he modestly admits that he never set 
his sights to working on the "Great 
White Way." In his college years at 
Knox College in Illinois, Riddell 
began in theater as an actor and a 
director . He earned a doctorate in 
theater history and design from 
Stanford University, where he 
decided to pursue a career in lighting 
design. "Lighting is ephemeral." 
Riddell says. ''It is much more 
rooted in feelings, emotion and 
concentration than scen ic or 
costume design in theater . These are 
the things 1 find fascinating to work 
with. " 

In a short period of time, the 
youthful, talented Riddell has 
accumulated an impressive list of 
design credits from around the 
world. He has worked at the Guthrie 
Theatre in Minneapolis, the 
Brooklyn Academy of Music, the 
New York City Opera , the Houston 
Grand Opera , th e Roya l 
Shakespeare Company in London, 
the English National Opera, the 
Frankfurt Opera, the Netherlands 
Opera and the Academic der 
Kuenste in West Berlin . With fellow 
UCSD colleague Robert Israel , 
Riddell designed the world premiere 
productions of the Philip Glass 
operas Saryagraha and Akhnatcn. 

Although he has demonstrated 
exceptional talent in the design 
world, Riddell was not always sure 
he would be happy pursuing a career 

pl.ecue lee Pace 6 

LA .JOLLA PLAYHOUSE 
Phone seIa agents needed 

Call Jeanine 

• will train 

• must be 
articuillte 
& interested in 
theater 

• excellent 
commissions 
& C!lSh boruses 

• 2(}24 tn/VIA< 
"It's I 
great 

season" . 

March 14, L985 Hiaws 3 



The Talking Heads are not the fi rst 
group to make a concert movie. 
David Byrne is not the first lead 
singe r t o have ep il eptic- lik e 
onvulsion!) on stage. But Stop 

Makin!; cnsc is perhaps the fi rst 
concert movie to fea ture. among 
other thi ngs , dancing with a 
floorlamp, giant slides of "funny 
body part .. and the ultimate " Big 
Suit" to accentuate Byrne's famous 
collection of disturbing movements. 

Byrning down the house 
with the Talking Heads 

By RONA HU 

Director Jonathan Demme and 
cinematographer Jordan Cronen-
weth have wisely chosen to do a film 
without MTV -like lightni ng-fast 
uts, without backstage interviews 

and. best of all, without audience 
reaction shots. They let the Heads do 
all the. er, Ta lki ng .. . and the result 
i an entertaining film. a treat for 
Heads fa ns an an excellent source of 
weird dance moves. 

lOp Making Sense was shot at the 

borders on rock cliche. but by the 
time a pair of white shoes, splayed at 
toes, pads to the fr nt of the stage; by 
the time the owner of these funny 
feet sets down a portable tape player 
and does an a oustic guitar version 
of "Psycho Killer." one senses that 
this will be an unusual show. 

As expected, Singer/ songwriter! 
guitarist/ alien David Byrne is the 
centerpiece of it all. David Byrne, 
graduate of the Edvard Munch 
school of facial expressions. is at ease 
and comfortable as Norman Bates, as 

disappearing while the Tom Tom 
Club takes over. only to appear 
again . literally larger than life. in his 
enormous white suit (built by Gail 
Blacker ). 

I kno w of no one else who could 
pull that off. I know of no one else 
who would want to. 

Altho ugh Byrne supplies most of 
the visual antics, the Talking Heads 
is still very much a group effort. Tina 
Weymouth plays bass, and sings lead 
for "Genius of Love;" Chris Frantz 
(married to Weymouth in 1977) 

Singer/ songwriter/ guitarilt/ alien David Byrne at work in 'Stop Making Sense.' 

Pantages Thea tre d u ri ng four 
performances in 1983. It tries to 
duplicate the concert experience as 
closely as possible. employing 
unobtrusive cameras and 24-track 
digital sound . The band members, 

-begmning with "ordina ry guy" 
David Byrne. enter one by one 
without fa nfa re or introduction 
during successive songs. The initial 
image. the shadow of a fretboard. 

bug-eyed as a praying mantis with 
goiter; David Byrne . whom some 
ha ve compared to a " spastic 
marionette" dressed like a "fugitive 
from the McCarthy era ." The face of 
the '80s, he. Alternately sinister and 
vulnerable, the Strange O ne bobs his 
head like an ostrich, races in 
panicked circles around the stage. 
and knocks himself silly. He twitches 
and jerks through 15 songs , 

- , 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates Medical Group's professional concerned 
sta ff can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Call today for an immediate 
appOintment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

4 Hiatus March 14, 1985 

whacks out the idiosyncratic 
rhythms; and Jerry Harrison 
provides a solid guitar and keyboard 
accompaniment. The regular 
Talking Heads are joined by back-up 
vocalists Edna Holt and Lynn 
Mabry, Alex Weir on guitar, Steve 
Scales on percussion and Bernie 
Worrell on keyboard. 

Although Weymouth occasional-
ly looks somewhat bewildered, she 

more than makes up for it with her 
self-assured singing on her solo 
(complete with spidery and puppet-
like movements). Holt and Mabry 
dance in unison and appear to be 
having fun. but everyone in the band 
plays tightly together . Cinemato-
grapher Cronenweth (Altered Sates. 
Blade Runner) often focuses on other 
members of the band when one is 
playing a solo. hoping to bring out 
the true, unguarded personality of 
each person. Altho ugh this method 
provides excellent candid sho ts. it 
also has its drawbacks, as when a 
flying arm' or bit of a shadow in the 
corner of the screen informs us that 
we are missing some interesting body 
language. 

Lighting (also by Byrne) and stage 
design are as creatively deranged as 
one could hope for : moving 
"sunspot" lights animate the 
shadows into a life of their own, and 
peculiarly unflattering lighting from 
below casts more menacing shadows 
on the face and on the walls behind, 
like an old horror film. Three 
enormous slide sc reens display 
backdrops of library bookshelves. 
Am~rica's heartland calendar art and 
assorted dementia. What do knees, 
elbows and belly buttons have in 
common with flashcard words like 
"digital ," "babies" and "dustballs?" 
1 don't know, but they're aLL up on 
the screen. 

Director Jonathan Demme is to be 
commended for departing from 
charmers like Melvin and Howard to 
risk making this unconventional 
documentary. But like Demme's 
previous films, Stop Making Sense has 
won awards and critical acclaim 
without really trying. The venture 
was not as much of a risk for the 
Talking Heads (Byrne did, after all, 
get his start in performance art by 
shaving in public to accordion 
music, and by dramatic readings of 
"The Pri ce is Right" in 
coffeehouses). but now that they are 
preserved on celluloid. the fearsome 
foursome may, by deed as well as 
word. provoke thought and action in 
future generations. This ain't no 
party, this ain't no disco ... this is the 
Talking Heads. A once-in-a-lifetime 
event. 

Stop Making Sense opens March 22 
at the Guild Theatre in Hillcrest. The 
newly-instaLLed stereo sound system 
should be able to handle water 
removing and water dissolving, so 
burn down the house and make 
flippy flop. For more information. 
slippery people can caLL 295-2000. 
Same as it ever was . . .. 

Jumping from Jaz% to 
Opera, Braxton blazes on 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 
A real creative kinda guy, Anthony Braxton is an eclectic sort who can 

appreciate both Wagner (Richard . not Robert or Lindsay) and hamburgers. 
The saxopho nist . who diligently keeps himself in the forefront 0'£ the jazz 

avant garde. will serve up his latest treat this weekend at the Mandeville 
Auditorium. Called "Trillium," it's the first course of a 36-part opera that 
Braxton estimates will take him 15 years to complete. 

The Chicago native has blazed trails before-he introduced the solo 
saxophone concert (his performance of the 45-minute " Composition 113" 
will precede the 8O-minute, three-act "Trillium") and created his own 
complex musical lexicon-but this opera is his most involved creation yet. It 
will employ 110 performers. including " singers . improvising 
instrumentalists, chorus, orchestra and strolling musicians." 

Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of "Trillium" is that it will feature 
improvision within strict parameters, pairing six lead vocalists with a half 
dozen primary musicians. Coordinated by UCSD music professor Cecil 
Lytle, the opera stars bass-baritone singer Philip Larson and baritone saxist 
Steve Shultis. The production is directed by UCSD drama professor Steve 
Pearson and conducted by music professor John Silber. Terry Sprague is the 
choreographer. 

"Trillium" will be performed on Saturday night at 8 pm and Sunday 
afternoon at 3 pm in Mandeville Auditorium. 

Movies 

tWitness' the invasion of culture Write for HiGI .... be a ICar Write for·HiGI .... be a ICar Write for HiGI .... be a ICar Write for HiGtuI, be a IW' 
By KENNETH FURIE 

John Book, played by Harrison 
Ford in his new film Witness, may be 
somewhat representative of Ford's 
prior roles in his silent, unreadable 
manner. One might even say that 
Ford has been typecast in his role of 
the studious hero, or that the part of 
John Book was written to fit this 
mold. Nevertheless, the film 
embracing this somewhat rowdy, 
always a touch mysterious. John 
Book has merit. 

Book's character seems almost 
representative of the presentation of 
the film itself--quiet, solemn, a bit 
ponderous, but capable of 'erupting 
at any moment in its underlying 
power. Not earthshaking, but still a 
worthy, wholesome force. 

Book becomes entangled with an 
Amish woman, whose child is the 
eyewitness to a murder. The woman, 
Rachel, has recently lost her 
husband (making a good stage for a 
seeping, forbidden-fruit romance 

with Book); and Book, upon 
investigating further, finds himself 
caught in a net of dirty cops who are 
trying to kill him (and the Amish 
child, Samuel). He flees to the 
Amish settlement. under the care of 
Rachel, to heal himself and lose 
himself in the natural Amish 
anonymity. 

This setting allows for an 
intriguing contrast between both the 
big<ity man and the Amish woman. 
and their two cultures. It has been 
said that "No man is an island," and 
that can be said for cultures also. 
despite what the Amish might desire. 

The modem society is intruding 
upon and slowly infiltrating the 
nineteenth-century lifestyle of the 
Amish. This can be seen in the 
flashing electric tail-lights on their 
horse-drawn buggies, and also in a 
scene where the buggy is shown on a 
paved road, blocking the progress of 
an lS-wheeled monstrosity. And 
when Book dons the clothes of the 

Amish. they are much too small for 
him. 

How can one help but like 
Harrison Ford? Typecast or not, he 
does his job well; hardly have we (the 
audience) met John Book before we 
feel that he is a dear friend, and has 
been for some time. Kelly McGinnis 
as Rachel is somewhat stunning with 
her unconscious but budding 
sexuality. 

Rachel is being courted Amish 
style by Daniel Hochieitner, played 
by Alexander Godunov. who adds a 
very strong supporting role. One 
cannot be sure whether or not to like 
this grinning Daniel, since he is in the 
competition (to Book), but Daniel 
will win with his earthy, toothy. 
wonderful smile. His charm is 
surprising even though he has a small 
part. His wiles have been arrested by 
the intrusion of Book, but Daniel is 
the one face among all the Amish 
that is truly memorable, and that is a 
credit to Godunov. 

Write for Hi4Ic .... be a IW' 
Write for Hic8 ... be a ICar 
Write for Hic8 ... be a ICar 
Write for Hic8I11. be a ICar 
Write for HiGllll. be a Itar 
Write for HiGI ... be a Itar 
Write for Mica ... be a .tar 
Write for HiGI ... be altar 
Write for Hic8 ... be a Itar 
Write for H ..... be a .tar 
Write for HiGllll. be a Itar 
Write for HiGI"; be altar 
Write for Hic8 ... be a Itar 
Write for Ifiacill. be a Itar 
Write for HiGllll. be a Itar 
Write for HiGI .... be a Itar 
Write for HiGI .... be a .tar 
Write for HiGllll. be a Itar 
Write for HiGI ... be a Itar 
Write for HiGllll. be altar 
Write for HiGI .... be a .tar 
Write for HiGI .... be a .tar 
Write for HiGI .... be a .tar 
Write for HiGI .... be •• tar 
Write for HiGI .... be •• tar 
Write for Hi4& .... be •• tar 
Write for Hi4& .... be •• tar 
Write for Hi4& .... be a .tar 

call 452-6580 

EXPERIENCE ••• 
a Total Club Experience 

18 or over 
laser beams 
Indoor pyrotechnics 
Super Sound 
Three dance floors 
Phenomenal videos 

THURSDAY: CASHAI DANCERS 
SUNDAY: L'OANCE ••• the Show ' 
MARCH 31 st - KS-103-0HI EXPRESS 

Open Thurs. thru Sun. 9:00 P.M. (Last Call: 5:00 A.M) 
Paseo de los Heroes SO, Tijuana (One mile from the Border) 

INfO: (619)421-2036 
M arch 14. 1985 HiGaw S 



I 

Final TGIF 
will tReveal' 
rising band 

BV JONA lHAN SCO'IT 
There is a feeling in the San Diego 

music community that "Our time 
has come!" For a variety of reasons, 
no San Diego band has achieved 
lasting national success. But the 
prospects for putting this city on the 
rock and roll map have never looked 
better. Two local bands (Laws of 
Motion and the Beat Farmers) 
recently released EPs that have 
impressed music critics and radio 
programmers across the country. 
Another, the Monroes, is returning 
to the form that got them a national 
hit ("What Do All The People 
Know") in 1983. Army of Love just 
opened a concert for the Kinks, and 
their record is being played on 
Southern Californai stations. Plus 
local favorite Joey Harris is back on 
the circuit with his new band, 
Electric Sons. 

The newest, and for my money the 
most exciting, entry in the race is a 
band called So Reveal. Armed with 
an arsenal of upbeat pop/rock songs 
and a distinctive modem sound, the 
band has won over San Diego 
audiences. Even more noteworthy, 
the group has made its mark on the 
competitive LA club scene. 

I had the good fortune to be in 
Madame Wong's nightclub in LA in 
mid,February as So Reveal kept an 

enthusiastic Saturday night crowd 
on the dance floor for a solid hour. 
After the show, club owner George 
Wong declared, "I love this band. 
They are definitely going places ... 
They can play for me anytime." 
Since then, So Reveal has been 
booked at several top LA clubs 
(Lingerie, Sasch, Wong's West) and 
is now negotiating with two of the 
"heavy" Hollywood booking 
agencies. 

To reach a larger audience and 
capitalize on its early success, So 
Reveal will release its first record, a 
single on the New Vinyl label, in 

• 

early March. The record features 
two outstanding songs: "Uve This 
Way," a melodic rocker with a 
strong dance groove and "Rock 
Addict," which just may be an 
anthem for a new generation. Both 
songs will be promoted locally on 
91X FM, with initial sales 
distribution set for San Diego, LA, 
San Francisco, Boston and London. 

So Reveal will be the featured 
band this Friday at the last TGIF 
party of the quarter on March 15. If 
you love to dance, or simply want to 
catch an impressive band on the way 
up, don't miss this show! 

Riddell 
continued /Tom ~e J 
in the theater . "The life in the theater 
i extremely unpredictable and full 
of change. It wreaks havoc with 
personal lives, and it requires 
extraordinary dedication," Riddell 
says. "Then: was a time when i 
thought about changing professions 
and working for IBM or somt!thing.i 
grew up in the Midwest, and I think I 
had something in me that sought a 
more stable environment than i 
would find in theater . But I stuck 
with it because I fed that theater is an 
extremely important endeavor in 
which to be involved. As this scfciety 
becomes increasingly concerned 
with vocation and materialism, the 
need for creating things that 
stimulate the irrational, rather than 
the rational , side of man becomes 
greater. " 

Ridddl came to UCSO to teach 
five years ago out of his sincere 
concern for the preservation of 
artistic activity in our society. He 
stongly encourages the development 
of profeSSional among his students 
students. In return, Riddell believes 
that the freshness his students bring 
to their work has stimulated his own 
work as an artist. "I don't think you 
get involved with theater or art on a 
totally egocentric level," Riddell 
exclaims . "As an artist, you must 
believe that art continues beyond 
your work . The only way you can 
ensure that this process of growth of 
ideas continues is to address yourself 
and your experiences to the next 
generation." That, to UCSO's good 
fortune, is what Richard Riddell has 
committed himself to do. 

$1 Night at the Theatre! 
Student Rush 
~ hour before curtain 

ffShachiabang: A Work in Progress" 
a reootutionary musical based on .the Peking Opera 

reset in Vietnam complete with 
modem jazz. dance and theatre! 

March 13 and 15 at 8 pm 
March 1 7 at 7 pm 

I 

Mandell Weiss Center for the 

6 HWhU March l4, 1985 

Performing Arts 
Call 452--4574 

Goings on --
The San Diego premiere of the 

four-hour, uncut version of 
Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time 
in America is shOWing only until 
Sunday, March 16, at the Ken 
Theatre. Robert DeNiro stars as 
Noodles Aaronson, a Jewish 
ganlllter who rises up from New 
Yorlc's East Side to become a 
Prohibition era racketeering 
boss; James Wood, Elizabeth 
McGovern and Tuesday Weld 
also star. Sergio Leone made 
Clint Eastwood a star, and he's 
sunlc years and millions into this 
ganlllter epic, so expect action, 
violence, power, corruption and 
lies. Los Angeles Times film critic 
Sheila Benson named it the best 
movie of 1984. Nightly shows 
begin at 7: l5, with matinees on 
the weekend . For more 
information, call 283-5909 or 
283-3227. 

* * * Tonight on the entertainment 

On Friday Night at the LaJolla 
Museum of C'.ontemporary Art 
will be the Marpret Jenkina 
Dance Company in perfor, 
mance as part of the Performance 
Parameters program the museum 
sponsors . Tickets for this 
performance can be purchased at 
the museum's box office. 

* * * 
If you are a devotee of 

chamber music, or simply like 
listening to any type of good 
music, you can go check out 
students of Professors Bert 
Turetzky and Janos Negyesy 
performing works by Beethoven, 
Faure, Ropartz, Schubert and 
others In the Mandeville Recital 
Hall tonight at 8 pm. Admission 
is free, so why not stop in. For 
information, call 452,3229. 

* * * 

agenda, for you who'd rather not 
study on Thursdays, is 
PlaYlround Slap, grand 
funksters of electro, along with 
locals Opal and The Curbt. [f 
you're 21 and prefer music of a 
varying nature, Friday's booking 
at the Spirit features The 

Def~ton &. Crawl Away 
Machine from San Francisco 
along with our own U2 
soundalikes Army of Love. 
Saturday'S show will present a 
"battle of the lead guitarists" in a 
fury of string jerking along with 
local heavy metal groups, 
Defiant Bible BlKk, etc. If you 
would like any more information 
on this weekend's shows at the 
Spirit, call Madalene or Jerry at 
276.-3993. 

The UCSD Concert Choir 
presents a winter program drawn 
from choral settings of 
traditional American songs on 
Sunday, March 17, at 2 pm in 
Mandeville B--21O. Featured will 
be composer Aaron Copeland 
and UCSD composc;r Joji Yuasa. 
Admission is free, but if you 
need more information, you can 
call 452,3229. 

* * * 
On Monday, March 18, the 

UCSD Wind Ensemble will 
present a salute to American 
composers at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
Admission for this performance 
is also free, so let's hear it for the 
music department's ticket prices. 
Information? 452,3229. 

Freddie McGrqor, Mic:hipn and Smiley, June 
Lad., the Studio One Band, and the KUlhite 
Raiden will all perform tonight in a Spring Reggae 
Festival at the Rock Palace on EI Cajon Blvd. 234-8462. 

The home of the 
3~¢ hamburger. 

More attention: The UCSD 
Department of Drama's 
presentation of Eric Christmas' 
Hamlet Project will take place at 1 

I ut!lJOIrIJId!m ] &!l01/. 
~M-,,"-_"""-:;;Ild~ , 

; 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IJ.."""I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -_!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ 1~1III!!!I1II!I1f!III..J..I 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quancr PuunJl' r ' with Chee!>C, Large Fry, 

MeJium-Siz., Suft Drink Ctih v.alut- I 20 of I ttnt II 
Limit ,'n~ coupon per 
CU5h,mer. per ViSit I' le-ase 
present ,o upon when 
ordering. NO! v~htl With . In) 
otlwr n ller 

,Just $1.99 \1 
(plus tax) II 

Only at: II 
7140 Miramar Rd. II 

pm, March 14, and at 7:30 pm 
March 15 and 16, not March 17 
as advertised . 

• • • 

If you're at home on Monday 
and tuning your tube in whilst 
tuning the world out, you can 
watch the premiere of National 
Geographic's Land of the Tiger, 
focussing on the life of the, yes, 
you guessed it, tiger in its natural 
habitat. The show runs from s..9 
pm on KPBS and repeats on 
March 23 at 5 pm and Sunday, 
March 24 at 10 am. For more 
information call 265.-6415. 

* * * 
On Friday night on KPBS, 

Luciano Pavarotti, "opera's most 
famous Italian tenor," stars in a 
new production of Verdi's 
opera, Rigoletto. The program airs 
from 9 pm to 11 :30 pm. 

* * * 
Opening March 16 in the 

Mandeville Gallery will be 
Y ounl American Artiata III, 
the third in a series of annual 
group exhibitions presented by 
the gallery. Artists featured 
include Rosanne Berry, Barbara 
Dorris, David French, Ming 
Murray and Garrison Roots. 
There will be a public reception 
on Friday at 6 pm, and the show 
runs until April 14. For more 
information, call 452-2864. 

* * * 
Performances of Anthony 

Braxton's opera for orchestra, 
chorus and six vocal soloists 
paired with six improvising 
instrumentalists, titled Trillium, 
will be presented on Saturday at 
8 pm and Sunday at 3 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. For 
more information concerning 
this special show, caU452-3120. 
-Compiled by Roddy Bogawa 

So. 0;..., Cl-if.J 
_i.,. _____ iii __ TAKEShooters is La Jolla's newest watering I f"\ hole. Irs a new way to enjoy your 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE . 

Mon. - Thurs. 
fri. 

sat. 
Sun, 

copies· Reductions· Enlargements 
Passport Photos' Binding· And much mor.' 

41jz~ 
Self SeNlee Copies 

8am-8pm 
8am-6pm 
10am-5 pm 
12 noon -5 pm 

. , 

.7-3775 
1865 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs' 5aY-On) 

au R favorite libation from the most ~ imaginative drink menu in town. BE T And it's the home of the $1 SH Shooterburger. the Burger :-r. that Won La Jolla. 
BE I I ER Monday 
THAN A through Friday, 

FREE y~~a~ ;~:dj~~~- _It!>..lIo;;;; 
DINNER 

and the check-
at one of the most 

HAPPY sumptuous Happy Hour 
HOU R. spreads In town. 

,...,..,.,.. 
......,T-,. 
All you can tal 

~'"'' " " 
'- .. ~ 

'j, I, , L.,. 'I ! • • 1 
• " 'I I HI,.; 'f 

March 14. 1985 Hicaclu 7 



-
Kappa ~ Gamma 
. ,*CJJ to 4Ccep the 

Fa 1 i( "vitat M 
eltablish " charter otl the 

UCSP cam this ing. 

A colonit T Will be 
held April 24, 25, {I 26, 1985. 

-~- UCSD THEATRE presents ===-iiiI ----- -- --- ---- ~---

I 

Barrie Keeffe's 
outrageous corned" 

Frozen 
Assets 

MARCH 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 &. 16 
Mandell Weiss Center 

for the Performing Arts 
$5 • 452 .. 4574 

Tickets available at 
Weiss Center Ticket Office 

UCSD Student Center Box Office 
and Ticketron. 

.-

Hiatu March 14, 1985 

30% OFF 
SUNCWUD 

1------------------------------, l SAVE 30% OFF : 
1 suggested retail on all our Suncloud sunglasses. Choose from : 
1 rose or amber lenses - style after exciting style. 1 week only!!! 1 
1 Coupon good through 3120185. I 
I I 
1 ______ -------------------------

WE GUARANTEE THE 
LOWEST SUNGIASS PRICES 

on all major brands of any retail store: 
Vuamet, Hobie, BUCCI, Ray Ban, Gargoyle, Suncloud and Carrera etc. ... 

Open 7 days &- nights 
Old Town 2461 an DIego Ave. (Ne I 10 Old Town Mexican Cafe) 692-0059 

Encinitas 745 Fir I St. (Lumberyard hopping Cen ter) 942-0337 
LaJoila 1030 Torrey Pines Rd. (Ne I to Yogurt Affair) "5"-8006 

Chula Vista 1140 Broadway, Pna Bazaar " 22-8081 
San Ysidro 72 7 E. an YSIdro Blvd., McDonald's Trolly tallon "28-"590 

Claire mont 4675 la/remanl Dr., lallcmonl Square hopping Center 272-8808 
La Mesa 5500 GrosSIllOlll Clller Dr., Gra mont Shopping CCllter 697-6697 

Escondido 1321-H East Vallcy pn"y., E wndldo Vlllagc Mall H3-6762 


