
" 

. --

'" 

.- - . 
. .... . 

.. . - .. .. ' " 

- . .: .. -.. . . 
- -- ' . 

. ... -:'. - '" 
-

.. .. -- .. 

- . 

.. . 

- .. 

-. -

see page 7 



2 Monday, Apni IS, 1985 
e~ 

• .~~. ' •• ;.-~~, ,,;: " ,"'~:;-:- ,,:>.:~ " . ' x ~,~ .. 1\' '. ~ •• ;:: -x- -:-. $.,. <;0 • '.' ~' .;, 

Run across the border on Saturday, 
May 4, and enjoy the Cinco de Mayo 
weekend in Rosarito Beach. Pan of the 
border fence will r::ome down to make 
way for runners in a show of support 
for international friendship at the 

. International USA-Mexico Spring 
Festival Marathon/Half Marathon. 

The marathon begins at 7:15 am, in 
the Rohr parking lot in Chula Vista and 
the half marathon begins at the BuUring-
by-the-Sea in Tijuana at 7 am. Both 
races end at the Spring Festival in 
Rosarito Beach, Mexico. Transportation 
back to the US is free to aU partiCipants. 
Race day registration wiu be available 
from 5 to 6:30 am. For more 
information, caU 437-4667 . 

o 
The School of Visual Ans has chosen 

to locate its summer program in Urbino, 
Italy, at the Instituto Superiore per Ie 
Industrie Artistiche. 

There are large, fuUy-equipped studios 
for painting and graphic design, and 
the newest technology is featured in 
both printmaking and photograph 
facilities. 

Courses wiu be taught by an 
exceptional, internationaUy known 
faculry-professionals in their fields, 
commined to involving students in an 
intense and satisfying work experience. 

The program wiu include two three-
week sessions. The first, beginning 
Monday, July B, will feature workshops 
in painting and photography. The 
second session, starting on Monday, July 
29, will focus on printmaking and 
graphic design. 

For further information, caU Bea 
Mezei at the Office of International 
Studies, (212) 679-7350, extension 
314/ 315, or write the School of Visual 
Arts, 209 East 23rd St., New York, NY 
10010. 

o 
"It Shouldn't Hurt To Be A Kid," 

sponsored by the UCSD Police Crime 
Prevention Unit, will be shown April 22 
and 24 in Administrative Conference 
Room lilA, Warren Campus, at .. pm. 
Actors John Houseman and Ricky 
Schroeder appear in this film about 
child abuse, produced by the California 
Attorney General's Office. This unique 
training tool has been made for aU of 
California's mandated child abuse 
reporters (educators, doctors, nurses and 
law enforcement officials) who are 
required by law to report suspected 
child abuse. The one-hour program will 
include the film presentation plus a 
review of the new laws on reporting 

requirements. To make reservations, call 
x3644. 

o 
Dr. John W. Newport, assistant 

professor of biology at UCSD, has been 
selected as one of 20 biomedical 
research investigators to be named a 
Searles Scholar. 

Newport, who joined the UCSD 
faculry in 1980 as a postdoctoral fellow, 
will receive a grant of S18O,000 to 
support his research during the next 
three years. 

Funding for the grants is derived 
from trusts established by the wills of 
Mr. and Mrs. John G. Searle. Searle was 
President of G.D. Searle &: Co., a 
research based pharmaceutical company 
headquartered in Skokie, lUinois. 

Newport, who earned his PhD at the 
Instirute of Molecular Biology at the 
Universiry of Oregon, is Studying the 
relationship between structure and 
function within the nucleus of a cell. 

The 1985 scholars were selected from 
more than 130 applicants, sponsored by 
75 universities around the United States. 
The final selection was based upon 
recommendations made by a committee 
of distinguished scientists. 

According to the scholars program, 
the committee was "particularly 
concerned with the choice of 
individuals who had already 
demonstrated a potential for doing 
innovative research, and who might be 
expected to make significant 
contributions to their chosen profeSSion 
over an extended period of time." 

o 
A six-~ar los Alamos National 

laboratory experiment caUed Low-
Energy Fusion Cross Sections (LEFCS) 
which produced a ene-of-a-kind nuclear 
"data book" that could prove crucial to 
man's long-term energy needs-has 
attracted worldwide attention. 

The S2 miUion project provides 
information vital to the understanding 
of fusion reactions , the same power-
producing nuclear process that makes 
the sun shine. 

"Fusion is the human race's long-
range energy hope ," said Nelson Jarmie, 
the experiment's co-principle 
investigator along with Ron Brown, both 
nuclear phYSiCists with the lab's Physics 
Division. 

"Our work has set the startdard. We 
have built the foundation for engineers 
who will design future reactors powered 
by fusion ." 

Similar experiments in the 1950s and 
1960s measuring the same nuclear 

~---------~----------~ 
--It -,...; -- II'" . III •• ~ J' 

.JI 
" 

.. • -<I~W ~ • 
r.'l n r .... 

II I ... IJrll .... .. . 
, Ir"I"Ii .. ~ loll 

III 1.oI~ ii, If'" ..... 1'" 
II. IL I'" 

~ • 

Cover: U CSD physicists are building a device to find 
meoretical panicles called monopoles which could 
help prove a meory that combines all known physical 
forces into one neat package, See story on page 7, 
News: The Organization for Industrial Policy, a club 
with a different perspective, fonns on campus, the TKEs 
raise $3,000 club by bouncing up and down a lot, and KB 
Books moves off campus in response to Ad~inistrative 
pressure, 
Opinions: Author James Nonh shares his views on 
Soum Africa and the imponance of economic pressure, 
plus letters and Doonesbury, 
Perspectives: Science fiction writers from UCSD sweep 
the University of California's Early Universe science 
fiction awards, Featured this week in the Guardian's 
Future Writers' Series is Bonni Graham's "A Minute of 
Time," 
Sports: UCSD trainer Marcia Klaiber up close and 
personal, and a post-mature "preview" of the 1985 
National League West division race, 
Plus... The Weekly Calendar 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

reactions had errors and discrepancies 
ranging up to 30%, making the data of 
limited use to engineers. These latest 
findings , however, are 20 times more 
accurate in some cases, with only 1.5% 
errors. 

These latest experiments have attracted 
the attention of scientists from West 
Germany, France, Israel and China, as 
well as fror' thb country's leading 
research centers and laboratories. 

The work was conducted at the Los 
Alamos Ion Beam Faciliry. It was funded 
by the Department of Energy's Office of 
Basic Energy Sciences. 

Los Alamos National Laboratory is 
operated by the University of California 
for the Department of Energy. 

o 
May 11, 198',1dcks of the first 

annual CAL-RNA 10K Fiesta Fun Run to 
benefit the Association for Retarded 
Citizens-San Di.ego and dlree schools 
In TIjuana for children with mental 
retardation. 

The 10K f1.tn Run win originate at 
Southwest High School in Imperial 

Beech, run down Hollister Road 10 
Monument Road, through Border Field 
Park and cross the Mexican/American 
border at Monument Gate. The gate win 
be torched open for the runners to pass 
through. Border Patrol and Immigration 
will then reweld the gate shut and the 
runners will return through the nonnal 
border crossing. 

Following the run, participants will be 
treated to a fiesta, complete with prizes, 
entertainment, food and drinks, d 
compliments of the City of Tijuana . . 
Families who drive down and meet the 
nmners may purchase rdreshments at a 
nominal charge. 'The run fee is $10 pre-
registration, and $12 day-oC-the-race. 
This includes aT-shirt. 

In an effort to take advantage of the 
positi ve relationship that has existed 
between the twO countries for the last 
200 years, dignitaries from San Diego, 
Tijuana and Baja California will be 
invited to take part in a plaentation 
program at 9:30 am during the fiesta. 
For further infonnation caD Susann 
"Sami" Dean at 57+-7575 and 57+-7589. 

-ReaU Wenrick 

rsection---------------------------~----------~--------~ ~ Org. for Industrial Policy newest UCSD club 
Ed Swain, founder of the newly-formed student 

Organization for Industrial Policy hopes to make it a 
research-oriented. politically-active group based on the 
tenets of a "comprehensive industrial policy" for the US, 

This policy consists of a grand scale re-organization of 
the US economy. Declining industries such as 
agriculture and heavy industry such as the automobile 
industry would be aUowed to fade into extinction. The 
workers from these industries would be re-trained to 
work in the highly-profitable advanced technology 
industries. The US would then act as a world developer, 
proViding high technology to Third World courtries in 
exchange for agriculture. The gradual lowering of tariffs, 
quotas, subsidies and interest rates would encourage 

trade and more effective competition with Japan and 
West Germany, Swain said. 

The immediate task before the organization is to 
thoroughly develop this "comprehensive industrial 
policy" through intensive research. Swain said that a 
consistent, pragmatic policy is needed to solidify and 
strengthen the country. The problem he sees is in halting 
th.e bick~rin~ ~f interest ~ups. The way to do this 
WIthout mfnngmg upon liberty and democracy is to 
inform the public of the policies which are in the best . 
interests of the country, as a whole. 

"It is important that the public take control of 
government away from the interest groups who do not 
have the country's best overaU interests in mind. Small 

interest groups are controlling government because the 
pubhc does nO( understand the issues. Government, as It 
Is, is infringing upon liberty," Swain said. 

After thoroughly developi'lg this theaty by dividing 
the organization's research Into areas of specialization 
Swain aspires to expand interest among the academi~ 
community, whom he refers to as the "real leadership." 
After slowly accruing support and recognition in that 

re~, .Swain ~opes to pique public interest by 
pubhshlng a JOurnal and otherwise getting the 
"Comprehensive Industrial Policy" theory into large-
scale circulation. 

Mulliple Sclerosis represrntatille Cary Powers accepted $3,183 from the TKE fraternity. 

TKEs raise $$ for MS 
By ULYS McCOY. Conrriburing N~ws Editor 

A T lAST FRIDAY's Greek TGIF, TKEs received $140 in their coUection the Pi-Xi Chapter of Tau Kappa jar alone. Epsilon (TKE) presented the San The marathon, which is becoming a 
Diego Chapter of the Multiple Sclerosis traditional spring event for the TKEs, is 
Society (MSS) with a check for a collaborative effort of more than 140 
$3,lB2.73, which was raised during the brothers and "little sisters" of the 
fraternity'S third annual lOO-hour teeter fraterniry, Mosler said. 
totter marathon on Revelle Plaza last According to Mosler, the $3,182 will 
week. go to help those affiicted with MS in the 

The TKE brothers also thanked the San Diego area and to the local research 
UCSD students for their participation. effort. 
"We would like to present the check to "The money stays in San Diego for 
the San Diego Chapter of the Multiple the local chapter, ... " Mosler explained , 
Sclerosis Sociery and to the students of "and a lot of it (is given) back to this 
UCSD. We'd also like to thank you [or campus for research ." 
all the money you've contributed and all According to Cary Powers, executive 
the support and help that you've given director of the San Diego MSS Chapter, 
us," TKE Vice President John Riley said 23% of MS research is done in San 
as he presented the check. Diego, and of that amount, ten percent 

Damon Mosler, fraterniry chaplain is conducted at UCSD. 
and coordinator of the marathon, The money that is not channeled into 
estimated that more than 1,000 students the research effort will fund the MSS 
donated to the cause by pledging their transportation, job raising, counseling 
dollars for hours of teeter tottering. The and physical therapy programs. EJ 

Monday, April 15, 1985 3 
.~<.: 

.« ,9'»-;.:){;.~ oN ~;o;.: .... •• 'Y.. .t=~ 

UCSD rejects KB Books 
By KATHLEEN SCHOLL 

THE CONTROVERSIAL KB BOOKS, which has been selling textbooks to students since the beginning of 
the school year, is now housed in the 
back room of Creat Earth Vitamins. The 
book business, operated and managed . 
by three young entrepreneurs, Ken 
Appel , Don Sheffier and Paul Martinelli , 
has threatened to cut into the UCSD 
bookstore's profits and monopoly 
control over UCSD student books. KB 
Books has created anxiety and problems 
for both the bookstore and the UCSD 
administration by offering a 10% 
discount from UCSD bookstore prices, 
delivery of books to your door, friendly 
service and a more relaxed return 
policy. In the end, they hope to sell 
their books on campus. 

"All we want is a small room on the 
campus to sublet," Appel said, although 
they had worked out a sponsorship deal 
with the AS, who would in return 
receive 8% of KB Books profits, KB's 
plans for selling on campus were 
thwarted by the UCSD Administration 
veto. 

"If we let KB Books on campus just 
because they want to come on campus, 
then we have to allow every other 
company that wants to c,ome on the 
campus equal access," said Laura Long, 
assistant vice chancellor of Business 
Services. She went on to point out that 
UCSD has certain criteria for what rypes 
of businesses it lets on campus. 

"The contracts are very large, and KB 
Books didn't go through that process; 
they simply tried to start thl'ir business 
with the AS," she said , adding that there 
is no room on campus for KB Books 
because the student coops are taking up 
whatever space is available. "We 

welcome their competition across the 
street, operating like a nonnal business, 
a facility that has a penn anent location. 
It would be a big decision to allow 
another bookstore on campus. We have 
millions and millions of dollars tied up 
in the bookstore and to CUt the market 
in half and change aD of that is a big 
policy decision to make and it affects 
the university center, which includes the 
bookstore ." 

Appel-contends that all they need is a 
very small room or stand for their 
business and having competitio!,! would 
be good for the bookstore. 

"We want to help ourselves and stu-
dents, and we figure that this is a pretry 
good alternative," he said. "We can 
proVide cheaper books than the UCSD 
bookstore, which is the most expensive 
bookstore in the UC system. 

"The bookstore is operated preny 
badly in the first place. It keeps 
expanding all of its various services, but 
it's not doing its main service correctly, 
and it's driving the cost of that service 
up by having aU these supplemental 
services. What we reaUy want to do is to 
appeal to the student, and that is for the 
student to have a right to cheaper 
books." 

Joseph Watson, vice chanceUor of 
Undergraduate Affairs, said he has no 
objections to KB Books being on 
campus, but he feels that in order to 
compete fairly with the bookstore KB 
Books must rent space , have student 
workers and provide books for all the 
classes, not just a specified few. 
. "It's the American way to have competi-

tion , as long as it is consistent with the 
business rules of competition," Watson 
said. ~ 



4 Monday, Apnl 15, 1985 

Viewpoint 

The roots of divestment 
By JAMES NORTH 

South African President P.W. Botha 
has long been known as a man with a 
volatile temper. But three years ago he 
issued a warning to the ami-apartheid 
forces that went beyond his usual 
outbursts. In a major speech opening 
Parliament, he said, ·Something will 
happen in South Africa that the 
proponems of violence cannot even 
dream of. They don't know what they 
are going to reap." Later he added even 
more chillingly, "A big silence and 
desolation will come over many parts of 
South Africa ." 

In the past six months, the country's 
growing internal violence has brought 
Botha's threat closer to reality. A brief 
lull in the nationwide unrest ended in 
late February when the police opened 
fire at the crossroads squatter camp near 
Cape Town. Since September, more than 
200 people have been killed, and 
another 3,000 arrested-including nine 
prominent black political and labor 
leaders who will be tried for treason and 
who could face the death penalry. Some 
500,000 black workers staged a two-day 
general strike in November, the largest 
in history, and another 400 ,000 black 
students have boycotted classes to 
protest their segregated "gutter 
education." The uprising is a bitter, 
convincing repudiation of the "reform" 
proposals that Pretoria put forward with 
much fanfare last year. South Africa is 
sliding remorselessly toward the same 
violence that already prevails in 

amibia, its colony to the nonh, where 
the apartheid army is fighting a full-
scale guemlla war that may already have 
killed 10,000 people. 

Steadily increasing turbulence is the 
realiry against which foreign investment 
and bank loans to South Africa must be 
considered. Those who defend 
economic involvement attempt to 
portray a nation moving toward genuine 
reform; Investments. they argue, help 
this evolutionary process by promoting 
economic growth and more enlightened 
racial practices. This assenion, which 
has been made for more than 20 years. 
is today hollower than ever. South Africa 
is moving in the opposite direction , 
toward a state of war in which foreign 
investment strengthens the strategiC 
position of one sidf'. 

Up-to-date Western technology is 
probably the most vital benefit that the 
economic links provide to Botha's 
government. The regime has taken 
advantage of the Reagan 
Administration's relaxed restrictions on 
sensitive exports. and has acquired 
powerful Control Data and Sperry 

computers. which are functioning in 
military-related enterprises. The three 
huge. futuristic Sasol plants that convert 
coal into oil . which South Africa needs 
desperately. are being built partly by 
Fluor, another US corporation. American 
contractors are also working under 
shadowy circumstances in the nuclear 
industry. Bank loans to South Africa 
have been used . direcdy or indirecdy. to 
finance a massive militaJY build-up. The 
International Monetary Fund's $1.1 
billion loan two years ago exacdy 
equaled the increase in military 
spending from 1980 to 1982. 

Western economic involvement also 
helps to maintain the morale of the 
majoriJY of the white people who still 
suppOrt apartheid . Whites are by now 
used to the feeble . ritual criticisms of 
their system by Western governments. 
But they are surrounded by vivid 
evidence of the American economic 
stake in apartheid. including Ford and 
Chevrolet autos. branches of Holiday 
Inns, outposts of Colonel Sanders. even 
Kellogg's Com Flakes. All of this 
encourages them to believe that America 

be the most likely president of a 
nonracial democratic South Africa. 
Those movements that operate openly 
inside. such as the United Democratic 
Front. a coalition of 600 communiry 
organizations. unions and other groups 
representing 1.5 million people, have to 
be circumspect, but they privately favor 
increased economic pressure as well . 
Bishop Tutu. who enjoys greater 
immunity after winning the Nobel Peace 
prize, says he will publicly advocate 
sanctions if there is no genuine change 
within 18 to 24 months. lulu chief 
Gatsha Buthelezi is the only black leader 
with any appreciable following who still 
opposes sanctions; his support (which 
has been dwindling) is due largely to 
his resistance to Pretoria's plans to strip 
lulu-speaking South Africans of their 
citizenship as part of the notorious 
Bantustan policy. rather than to his 
stand on foreign investment. 

Black South Africans recognize that 
the argument that US companies 
improve conditions for the 70.000 black 
people they employ is exaggerated. It 
has been eight years since the Reverend 

r 

The IMF's $1.1 billion loan two years ago exactly 
equaled the increase in military spending from 1980 
to 1982. 
• r 

will contlnue to stand by them as the 
war widens. 

In the United States, the diminishing 
number of people who support 
investment argue that black South 
Africans actually want continued 
economic links. The State Depanment 
has taken to quoting a survey by a white 
South African academic that purportedly 
shows that three-quarters of blacks 
support investment. The State 
Department fails to note that South 
Africa is a police state , and that it is a 
crime 10 advocate disinvestment. A few 
years back, Bishop Desmond Tutu was 
forbidden to travel outside of the 
country after he hinted that he favored 
limited economic pressure . If he had 
been a less prominent figure, the 
security police doubtless would have 
been harder on him. 

The popular movements with bases 
outside the country. principally the 
African National Congress, have called 
for sanctions for decades. Nelson 
Mandela. the ANC leader who has been 
imprisoned for 20 years , is the most 
popular man in the count:y. and would 

Leon Sullivan introduced his code for 
the 350 US corporations that do 
business there. The Sullivan Code 
requires desegregated canteens and 
restrooms in the work place and other 
mild changes. Only about one-third of 
the enterprises hallt even bothered to 
sign the code. and not aU of the signers 
comply with it. 

Some Americans who lean toward 
disinvestment assume it will cause 
blacks 10 suffer more in the short run; 
they hesitate before what they regard as 
a problematic moral decision. But black 
South Africans and the whites who 
support them have made that difficult 
choice already. They will continue their 
resistance. despite the risk of even 
greater anguish . South Africa is heading 
deeper into a bloody civil war whether 
there are sanctions or not. Chief Albert 
wtuli, who in 1960 was the first black 
South African to win the Nobel Peace 
Prize. wrote then: "The economic 
boycott of South Africa will entail 
undoubted hardship for Africans. We do 
not doubt that. But if it is a method 
which shortens the day of bloodshed . 

the suffe ring to us will be a price we are 
willing to pay. In any case, we suffer 
already." 

In America. disinvestment has spread 
far beyond the college campuses where 
it first became an issue. Already five 
states and many cities. including New 

"'-¥ork. Boston and Philadelphia. hallt 
passed disinvestment legislation. But 
even the staunchest advocates realize it 
will not happen soon. This spring 
Congress will consider legislation on 
economic sanctions. The proposed laws 
still fall short of a total economic 
quarantine. though they are stiffer 'than 
previous efforts that failed to pass. They 
ban new investment. bank loans to 
golltrnment instirutions, and the 
importing of the gold coins caBed 
Krugerrands. As an unprecedented 
protest campaign against apartheid 
spreads across America. the chance for 
passage seems good. 

Even such part-way pressures are 
enormously helpful. Protest here receives 
a great deal of publicity inside South 
Africa. When Senator Lowell Weicker 
was arrested in front of the embassy in 
Washington. the story was on the front 
pages in johannesburg. Such news 
shakes the confidence of the 
government and its supporters. But 
there are more tangible benefits as well. 
In 1974 the United Mine Workers 
protested to the US Commission of 
Customs that South African coal was 
produced by "slave labor" and should 
not be imported; and dockworkers in 
Mobile, Alabama. refused to unload the 

, coal. The apartheid regime moved 
quickly, repealing some legislation under 
which black workers who quit their jobs 
without permission could be tried as 
criminals. There had been 17.000 
prosecutions under the laws the 
previous year. 

Since then. the deepening American 
economic involvement in South Africa 
has made that government even more 
vulnerable to pressure. In December the 
regime released 16 detained union 
leaders the same day the protests in 
Washington had compelled Ronald 
Reagan to meet with Bishop Tutu. No 
doubt Pretoria would prefer to dispense 
with the remnants of the independent 
judicial system and crush the labor 
unions and the opposition English-
language press. The foreign vigilance 
has helped keep open at least some 
political space. and has prevented more 
people from being imprisoned or 
murdered . 

Economic ressure from overseas can 
~ 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 

. Monday, Apnl 15, 1985 3 
D'>INI~ ., 

"0 •••• V, " . . ~::: .w.:::.... ," ~ ~»:"?:::::-"{... .~·(.M· ~ .. ," 

ll~ilit<elr~n<eilit<elr~n<eitit~lrsll<eilit<err~ll®ttfr®lr~ll®(ill(f;If~n®~tt~lr~ll<efctt~If~ll<eilit~lr~ll<ett{tcelr~llcefdt<err~ 
fr<err~letterSn<eilitcelr~n<e{tlt<eIf~ll®1.tfr®Ir~n.~t1~®Ir~ll®frfr@rr~ll(f;fctt<err~llcetttt®rr$n<efdt<err~ncefdt<err~n<efr 
rr~n<efctt<elf~ll<eilitcerr~llceilit<elr~n®ittt®Ir~n~tti.c®Ir~ll~frtt®Ir~ll®frtt(f:lr~n®ttfr®rr~ncefrfr®rr~n®{tlt<eIr~n<ettfrce . 
ConselVative blindness 
Editor: 

I would like to take to task one of the "issues" our 
conservative friends brought up in their diatribes 
against the Sandinista government last week. As an 
apologist for US imperialism. Christopher Schnaubelt 
mouthes the words to the Reagan Administration's text 
on the Miskito Indian problem. i.e .. claiming that the 
FSLN has engaged in the systematic "genocide" of this 
native Indian population. It seems, however, that the 
real slOry carries quite a different scenario. 

The Reagan disinformation about the Miskito 
question does have some. albeit limited, basis in 
reality. In 1981-82 the FSLN attempted to relocate the 
indigenous population of the Honduran border in 
order [0 prevent the Indians from becoming the targets 
and the unwitting tools of the Contras. The Indians 
took exception to being removed from their traditional 
lands and resisted. In th~ fighting. Sandinista troops 
killed a number of Indians (although the Reagan claims 
of tonure and mass execution were proven to be 
unfounded-see America's Watch: Report on Human 
Rights in the Americas, 1982). 

Here. however, the comparison ends. The junta in 
Nicaragua recognized its mistake and ended the 
relocation program. Perhaps more astonishingly. the 
FSLN publicly admitted its mistakes-a practice 
foreign to our ruling elite and their apologists. 

From Friday's edition of the San Diego Union (that 
leftist publication) emerges an article which puts the 
President and Mr. Schnaubelt on shaky ground . Two 
former Contra guenllas recount their experiences with 
Contra leaders who mistreated their men. "ordered the 
killing of prisoners and Miskitos who opposed (their) 
rule, and (forcibly detained) Indians who were 
considering rerurning to Nicaragua ." Further evidence 
cited shows that the Contras had "forcibly recruited 
Indians into rebel ranks ." thereby justifying some of 
the initial claims of the FSLN. Such is the nature of our 
president's-and our conservative mimics'-"freedom 
fighters." For an even more detailed account . see this 
year's report by the America's Watch on Contra 
atrocities. 

For anyone who has invested at least the minimum 
amount of time in actually studying the history of US 
involvement in Cemral America-as opposed to being 
able to repeat the US government's version of events as 
though by rote-it is common knowledge that today's 
revolutions trace their roots back far into the 19th 
century-long before the Soviet Union and Marxism 
existed. 

Thomas jefferson. according to Walter leFeber in 
his book Inevitable Revolutions, "recognized that the 
(principles of self-determination) no longer served US 
interests. They even contradicted those interests 
because revolution in Latin America could prevent the 
'piece by piece' accumulation of a United States-
controlled empire." The Monroe Doctrine was 
established with JUSt this idea in mind. although then 
the encroaching powers were the British and what was 
left of the Spanish. The Doctrine. which our president 
today is so fond of invoking. was the "announcement 
of jefferson's private opinion that 'America has a 
hemisphere to itself. .. · 

With regards to the Miskito Indian question, such a 
philosophy has reverberations today. This evangelical, 
calvinistic view of the United States' Manifest Destiny 
has been the driving smokescreen behind which the 
US has built its extraordinary wealth. The stated enemy 
has evolved over time from the Spanish [0 !,he British 
to the Soviet Union and Cuba. The real victims-in 
essence the subjugated enemies-hallt been the people 

of Latin America, including the indigenous Indian 
populations. Hence the slaughter of 30.000 peasants 
and Indians in El Salvador in 1933, and the systematic 
genocide of the Indian population in Guatemala today 
which has resulted in 100.000 refugees escaping to 
Mexico. 

Jefferson's private remarks and ideologies such as 
Manifest Destiny are alive and weU today. and our 
conservative mimes offer adequate proof. What really 
motivated me to write this letter was being subject to 
the unmitigated gall of a group of neo-fascist 
conservatives (the terms are becoming increasingly 
synonymous) spouting the rhetOriC of Manifest Destiny 
(our "moral dury." as Schnaubelt puts it) and crying 
foul over the mythical genocide of an Indian 
population. It is characteristic of American 
ethnocentricity that is the direct descendant of 
Manifest Destiny. We had a "moral duty" then , too. to 
civilize the native population. What we did was 
eradicate their existence from the face of the Earth in 
the name of progress, democracy and "strategic 
interests." Human scum like Schnaubelt and his other 
criminally-minded friend enjoy envoking the threat of 
the Soviet Union to cover up US compliCity. and they 
utilize the same rhetoric our forefathers did when they 

Doonesbury 
I'll' HAP III1aJTAS MtJO( 
~1HI5~ 
AS I CAII5T!INP. I THIN!< 
I:+f 6QM6 70 71/1(£ CFF 

Fai !iPRJN6I1R1iA1< . 

~ =;f 

I 
wiped out an entire nation. It is the rhetOric of our 
president today which threatens to do the same in 
Central America. 

One thing can be sure: The alleged involvement of 
the Soviet Union . or Marxism in general , is most likely 
in direct proportion to the amount of US imperialism 
that these countries have labored under in the last 
cemuJY and a half. Both our conservatives admit that it 
was a noble gesture for the Nicaraguans to depose 
Somoza. But neither seems to know that Somoza was a 
US creation-just like the Contras. By putting their 
allegiance behind the "freedom fighters." they implicitly 
support the same fomf of dictatorship-a dictatorship 
that. like its parmer in Guatemala. will feel no qualms 
about exterminating Indians in the name of democracy 
and anti-communism. 

A spanking 
Editor: 

John Schacht 

Your defense in regards to Katie Thompson's letter 
concerned with your ridiculing remark to John 
Trumpler's letter conjures up visions of a "Guardian 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

1Ifm6i. 
taI5 .. 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

i 

~ ~ l'D- .l !Iou. 
Student Pr.mium· 553.00 
Spouse-566.25 
Chlldntn·566.25 

~ ~ uC'l)Olra~m 
uc;o ~'R;i 

Of ""'rAnr llV', 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
Iw-_~!!-~ -------------------!!!IIII!!'~1IlIlI 
,. _ "" --ALL AMERICAN MEAL ---T~ L...... ______ per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW until April 28 
____ Information and applications ore Q\I'OilobIe Of ----

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452· 3300 
PI.as. note: I\evised descriptive brodlures are Q\lQilobIe Of 
me Student Health Cenrer. The new brochures replace orry prior 
brochures describing me 1964-1965 UCSD Srudent Insuronce, 
PIon underwritten by AriCYIta International Insurance Company 
under Policy No. AH01965. Arry broc:hure thor does not ~ 
me noratlon I\EV.DI\O.ED.9/64 AH01965 is no longer in effect. 

A Quarter Ptlum.ler ' with C heese. Large Fry, \.: .... II ~ M.,Jium-Size oft Drink · C ... h "Iu< I 20;:", II 
II Ll mll o ne coupo n pe r J $1 99 1• II customer. per ViSit I'bsc US t . II 
II pre s ent l ll up"n when (plu~ tax) II ordering 'Ot v,llid with In)' I II other otter Only at: I 
II 7140 Miramar Rd, II 

~ Good thru San Di_.'.~, ~ ~ay ~.~85 ,~ ______ 1_.. __ 



6 Monday, Apnl 15, 1985 

II <eilit<err ~ll<eilit<err ~ll~ilit<err~ll <eilit~1T' ~n®ttfr®1T' ~ll ~~ 
tt<err~lettersn<e{tlt<err~ll®{ill~rr~ll®~fr®lf~ll®frfr®1f 
lr~ll<eilit®!r~ll<e~<err~ll<eilit~re~n~frtt®1f~ll®tt~~lf~ll 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 < 
V('rsus the World" type of paranoia. 

Usually, your edirorial remarks 
following a particularly inflammatory 
letter are app ropriate and clever. 
However, Trumpler's letter was merely 
an appeal [Q save an organIzation, and 
Induced no provocation whatsoever. 
Your remark was cruel, immature and 
completely out of line , mostly because it 
was an attack at a defenseless opponent. 
Your defense also merits some 
comment. To immediately assume that a 
letter containing numerous grammatical 
errors could me~n nothing other than 
the author thinks your paper 
unprofeSSional smacks of a deep-seated 
paranoia that you would be well-advised 
not to advertise. 

The coment and structure of the letter 
was indicative of an intelligent mind, so 
it was bizarre that such a disparity did 
indeed exist. Perhaps, due to this 
confusion, you jumped to a hasty 
conclusion , but because you commonly 
have the last word on many matters , you 
have an enormous responsibility to your 
readers , advertisers , and especially those 
people who dare to submit their 
opinions. Perhaps another time, Mr. 
Trumpler will have a valuable opinion 
on an issue, but will abstain from 
writing ro you because of this paranoia 
and a strangely sadistic desire to 
ridicule and highlight imperfections. 

In the past, I've wrmen letters 
praising your paper when it was the 
underdog, but in this case I think you 
really screwed up, and no defense you 
can spit out will afford an easy solution. 
As Ms. Thompson said , keep up the 
GOOD work, and perhaps incidents like 
these can be alleviated completely. 

Patrick Dul£y 

Our deficiency 
Edito .. 

Re: Your response to my previous 
letter pointing out your failure ro report 
the California ReVIew's obtaining a court 
order against the university in a suit 
charging civil rights VIolations. 

If you didn't mention such an eve nt 
(which such papers as The Sm! Diego 
Union and The San Fm/lCISCO Ci!l'Onlcle 
thought newsworthy) because you don't 
print · stOries about frivolous newspapers 
run by frivolous individuals ," then why 
did you run TWO other articles about 
Calif o 111 ia ReVIew earher this year? 

The fact is California RCl1ew is one of 
the most well-known student 
organizations on campus and the 
awarding of such a preliminary 
injunction against the UnIversity to any 
student organization should have been 
reported by the campus newspaper. 
Your failure to do so and your ridiculous 
response show that you are seriously 
deficient of both integriry and 
profeSSionalism . 

C. Brandon Crocker 

Lcuers to the editor should be 
double- or triple-spaced and 
addressed to the Opinions Editor, 
the UCSD Guarduln , B-016, LaJolla, 
92093. All submissions must include 
the author's phone number and 
signature; in special cases the name 
will be withheld upon request. 
Lene rs greater than TWO pages in 
length will be printed as 
·Viewpoints" and will be edited for 
grammar and sryle. The Guardian 
reserves the right to edit for clarity 
and space considerations . 

South Africa 
( CONllNUED fltON PAGE .. < 
help restrain the regime's even more 
deadly policies. Wretched health 
conditions in the poor, overcrowded 
Bantustans, where more than half of all 
black people are required to live , have 
been worsened by the continent -wide 
drought. These people , whom the 
regime has called "superfluous," are 
disproportionately the young, the old 
and the ill. Infant mortality rates in the 
Bantustans, which form an archipelago 
of misery sca ttered around the nation 's 
periphery, are already higher than in 
even the poorest independent countries 
in the rest of Africa. Nearly three million 
blacks under 15 suffer from 
malnutrition. One-quarter of black 
children bom in the Bantustans die 
before their first birthday. Even modest 
c hanges in the Bantustan system could 
mean the difference between life and 
death [or thousands. 

Economic sanc tions are the laSt 
chance to end the violence spreading 
across southern Africa. Although it may 
seem paradoxical, disinvestment would 
also be in the best long-term interests of 
those South Africans, nearly aD of them 
white, who continue to support 
apartheid . In part. they fight because 
they are convinced that defeat will mean 
their violent expulsion from Africa. In 
fact, the African National Congress, the 
le'ading liberation movement, insists that 
"South Africa belongs to aU who live in 
it , black and white." But so far, white 
South Africans have had Iitde 
inducement to reexamine their fearful 
and mistaken views, to learn that their 
fellow Africans are not the threat that 
they imagine . Increased economic 
pressure will moderate their 
intransigence, and improve the 
prospects for genuine negotiations. 

The most recent protests here in 
America have forced Botha to make 

some concessions, proving again that 
pressure from outside is more than 
simply a moral gesture . South Africa 
announced that it will suspend forced 
resettlement, a policy under which 3.5 
million people have been oumped into 
the Bantustans. Up ro one million more 
people who were scheduled for 
deportation have gained a reprieve. The 
regime also dropped plans ro move 
125,000 people from three black ghettos 
in Cape Town. These moves still leave 
the basic apartheid system intact. But 
they are promising signs that even more 
pressure, along with the courageous 
resistance inside the country, could 
force more substantive changes. 

It is time the South Africa crisis 
stopped being a left-versus-right issue 
here in America. Thirty-five Republican 
represe ntatives recently broke with the 
Administration by openly threatening 
Pretoria that they might support 
sanctions. The letter they released 
received a great deal of attention inside 
South Africa , and it did more good than 
four years of the Reagan 
Administration's "constructive" 
whispering in P.W. Botha's ear. 
Americans of all political persuasions are 
starting to realize that there is a 
terrifying sense of urgency about South 
Africa's slide toward t~e edge. A recent 
Camegie Endowment study speculated 
that the regime could have already 
stockpiled "enough material for beTWeen 
IS and 25 nuclear explosives of the size 
used on Hiroshima." And where else in 
the world does a national leader 
threaten his own people with atomic 
weapons or something similarly 
catastrophic ? 

James North spent four years traveling 
throughout southern AfiiLa. His book, 
Freedom Rising. will be published by 
Macmillan this month. This article was 
obtained courtesy of the UC Irvine Blade. 

UCSD Bookstore Presents 

HEWLETT PACKARD 
'trl'lll I,.,nltr 'r'~lrIJ 

~~1. ~i5Caunt 
(Text end ArtlClrk procb:ed by an If! Touctwcrean ~1 CaItputr. an If' GrlPhlc:a Plott .. end "DIAIIW'H" SDft .... ' 

~~~HP Toua_a"een fI •• anal Ca~ 
~ * MS DOS 2.0 Operating System 

* Large Memory. High Resolut ion Display 
* Easy to Use. with or without TOUCH !! 
R.tall S3545 UCSD S2127 

Jij HP Po~ta~l. COAput.~ z: :1 M Built in Lotus 123 and Word Processing M Bu i 1 t in Modem and lARGE Memory M 16 to 20 Hours Battery Li fe w/out Charge 
R.tal I 12885 UCSD 11787 

@ .. Th I nkJet p~ 1 ntel" * Near Letter-Gual ity Text. Hi-Aesolution Graphics * oo1ET. Connect to totIst Personal CoqJuters 
R.ta I I S495 UCSD S297 Q 

If L .. _,-, L.,,-, 1Ia' "1 PPI,,'-' 
If 8 Pages pi- MirlJte. IlJIET QJt 'atlon 
If Qoaphics, MillY Foots Avail.,lt: 
If Comect to .., n DI4 Pnonal ~ 
R.tall 13485 UCSD S2OI7 
....... 1.'1 ••• 
• 2.6. -.s 8 PIlI 1t1d111, 
• ~lst bUty QIqIut on : 
PIpr II' 0wIrtIIId Tr ...... r:1II 
leta I n 2-P ... l 1108& UC8D S8I7 

"U~~f III 
COle to the Bookstore COlputer Center 
for Infor.tion. for a DelO, for an 
Exciting HP Personal COIputer Productll 

UilIVEliSI1Y BaaliSlaRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

452004291 

Monday. Apnl 15. 1985 7 
NE~ 

i . . . 

Cover stoty 

Search for monopole may unify laws of physics 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF. News Editor 

U CSD PHYSICISTS ARE ON the hunt for the monopole, and if they find it, it could provide 
evidence to support a version of the 
Grand unified Theory (GUT), which 
would tie electromagncti~m . gravitation 
and the "strong" and "weak" atomic 
forces all into one physical law. 

A new S125,OOO device , 90% funded 
by the National Science Foundation, will 
try to detect the theoretica l atomic 
particle which has only one pole , north 
or south, according to Dr. George 
Masek, prinCiple investigator for the 
project. 

The existence of a monopole is 
predicted by some versions of GUT and 
calculations made by the head of the 
UCSD Physics Department, Dr. Norman 
Kroll have suggested a way to find the 
particle if it actuaUy exists . 

The discovery of a monopole would 
provide evidence to support versions of 
GUT that include its existence . 

Albert Einstein was trying to work OUt 
his own version of the theory when he 
died . 

"I don't know the exact date when 
Einstein started talking about Grand 
Ullification, but I think the modem 
Grand Unified Theories are of sort of a 
different class; they staned more 
recently. The idea of unification of 
forces is an old one but there's been 
several periods of work on it. Now 
there's SOrt of a new era; that's when the 
monopole predictions came out." 

Masek said the theory would not have 
any immediate practical value, but 
would contribute to man's 
understanding of the physical world . 

"If they reaDy are there , then it makes 
people start thinking differently about 
many things. But, of course, one can 
then lean out and say 'yeah, but it was 
predicted by the GUT theory so, 
therefore , it must fit into the framework 
of our thinking.' One thing it would do 
is help confirm that particular GUT 
theory." 

Current calculations indicate that a 
monopole will have a magnetiC field 
radiating out from the center like spikes 
and that it will be very heavy; so heavy, 
in fact, that it will weigh on the order of 
a million trillion more than a prOlon, 
Masek said. 

The new detection device , labeled 
"Phase 2," is a ten-times bigger, but 
essentiaUy similar, version of a device 
located in the basement of Urey Hall, 
and will be constructed near Scripps 
Hospital. It is made up of 2,330 24-foot-
long, l-'h-inch-diameter lUbes stacked 
in a six-foot-high, 25-foot-wide array 
filled with electrodes. The tubes are filled 
with helium and methane gases which 
surround an internal electrode wire 
which is TWo-thousandths of an inch in 
diameter. 

According to Masek, countless 
subatomic panicles , including cosmic 
rays and Muons , are flowing around at 
all times. The monopole detector is 
designed ,to distinguish between these 

particles and anything that could be a 
monopole. 

UCSD is working with the Stanford 
linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) on the 
monopole project, and all the data 
co llected by the device here is 
trallsferred by computer telephone link 
to a computer at Stanford for anaIjsis. 

When -a charged particle enters the 
gas tubes, it ionizes one of the gas 
molecules, freeing an electron which is 
drawn towards the electrically charged 
wire in the middle of the tube. 

"When it gets in close to the cemer 
electrode , you get what's known as a 
multiplication of the ionization. As the 
electron starts moving very fast, it 
ionizes other atoms and they knock out 
more electrons and you get a cascading 
effect, so then you get out a fairly large 
electrical pulse which is onginally due 
to this charged panicle passing through 
the tube ," Masek said. 

In theory, he said, the monopole , 
"works basically in the same way except 
that a special mechanism comes in 
when you use helium. The particle 
excites the helium atom instead of 
ionizing it. (The monopole) does this 
because of the very large magnetic field 
that it's carrying around. The helium 
runs around in this very excited state 
and then collides with the methane, and 
the methane ionizes:" This ionized 
methane can then be detected. . 

In order to qualify as a monopole , a 
particle has to be detected in the right \ 
velocity range , between one-thousandth 

and one ten-thousandth the speed of 
light which is too slow for a cosmic ray 
particle , Masek said. 

The data collector records which 
tubes got hit and when they got hit. 

Also, to qualify as a monopole , the 
particle must be found to travel in a 
straight line because of its great mass. 

Because the device picks up so many 
particles every second, it must have a 
built in screening test which rejects 
cosmic rays and their kin . According to 
Masek, the device rejects one billion 
particles for every specime n it records 
and sends to Stanford, meaning that the 
Stanford computer only gets one input 
per hour. 

"The system, which we call the 
trigger, tries to differentiate between 
cosmic rays which are passing through 
the whole array all the time and what 
would be slow particles passing through 
it. They can't do that on line very 
accurately, but they can exert a fair 
amount of discrimination on line." 

A much larger device would be better 
able to capture panicles and calculate 
their speeds, thus increasing the chance 
of finding a monopole , Masek said. 

If any meaningful results come from 
this experiment. and it proves 
economically feasible , Masek hopes in 
the future to go to Phase 3 of the 
project, which would involve the 
construction of a device ten times bigger 
than Phase 2. But, Masek said , "I 
wouldn't do it if it were going to cost 
ten times more." ~ 

- - -~---~~----~=--==--==---=---~--:::-::::::---......::::=-----=::::=====---=---==-=--=-----=------==-----=-=----=-=-=--====--~------­
I --. --=o="-~=~ ~~ -=-= _cc--=-=-~~ -=~ _ --- _ ---~ ----.~ -- ---. ----~ _ _ ~ _ -----_ _ ---~ .c --= -===------=- - --- I 

SECOND ANNIVERSARY CEtEBRAnON 

EVERY MON·.- 3PM TIL CLOSE 
(GET 1HERE FARLY FOR BEST SEATING!) 

452-0661 
Genesee & Governor Drive 
(Safeway Shopping Center) 
5 Mins from UCSD Campus 

HOME COOKED FOOD AT FAST FOOD PRICES 



8 Monday, Apnl IS, 1985 

L/~~\\ ~~( ~) ) 
o 0 (~( ==:I: ~~( ~) S I I~ J 

RISC'y Business 
Are you seriously interested in orgamzing ski club 

activities? Do you have the time and want to make the 
committment? The ski club ofU CSD will be having elections 
May 15. The offices available are: president, vice-president, 
treasurer and secretary. The duties of these positions will be 
discussed at the RISC meeting on Wednesday, April 17 at 8 
pm in the rec. conf. room. If you are seriously interested you 
must tum in a letter of intent to run into the ski club office (at 
Canyonview) no later than Friday, May 10. 

"The Working Class 
Goes to Heaven" 

Frld,l\ .\r~r]; II-) ];I I:! 1 1 ~\- fl\1 I 

At the Women's Resource Center 
The Women's Resource Center presents a coffee hour 

with assistant prof. Mounira Charrad and feminist scholar 
Sue Rochman. Slide show and refreshments. Wednesday, 
April 17 at noon in the Nonh Conference Room. All 
Welcome. Spring quarter support group~: (held at the WRC) 
Feminist discussion group on Wednesdays 4:30-6 pm. 
Lesbian and bisexual group on Tuesdays 4:30-6 pm. 
Advanced announcements: Get your tickets at the box office 
now for the Judy Gorman-Jacobs concert at Mandeville, 
Thursday, May 16 at 8 pm sponsored by the WRC. 

Student Organizations Appreciation 
Banquet coming soon. Watch Jor 

YOUR invitation!!! 
• 

Attention: Student Organizations! 
If you are interested in obtaining locker and! or office 

space in [he srudem center for the 1985-86 academic year, 
you must fill out a space allocation form, available at the 
EDNA desk beginning April 17. All organizations currently 
occupying space must also reapply, even if you were 
allocated space during winter quarter of this year. Deadline: 
April 26, 4 pm at the EDNA desk. 

Learn about lab animalS 
Students Organized for Animal Rights is co-sponsoring 

with Animal Rights Coalition' and People for the Ethical 
Treatment of Animals, a showing of "Unnecessary Fuss," on 
primate research. Come Learn how lab animals are really 
treated. ShOWings on the hour, April 19 1 0-2 pm at the North 
Conference Room. 

-Espresso now o~ campus 
At the Che Cafe from 7 -10 pm Monday-Thursday nights. 

And don't forget about the All-You-Can-Eat on Wednesday 
from 5-7 pm. This week it is our spicy enchiladas with . 
Spanish rice and salad. All for only $3.00 

UCSD Open House 
Sunday, May 5 from noon to 5 pm 

Art and entertainment, international foods, lectures, College 
Bowl finals, 10K/Fun Run and breakfast, Renaissance Faire, 
School of Medicine displays! exhibits, Cinco de Mayo festivities, 
Campus tours, Scripp~ Institution of Oceanography displays, 
life Right helicopter, free parking, services for the disabled, free 
shuttle bus to Scripps Institution of Oceanography, free 
swimmingin the new SOm pool. For more information call Tom 
Rutter, 452-3800. Please join us. 

Learn the language like the natives 
The International Club presents Summer Language 

Abroad. Do you want to learn Spanish in Mexico ... French in 
Canada or France. . . German in Austria or Germany. . . 
japanese in Japan . .. Italian in Italy??? Thursday, April 18 
from 3-4:30 pm in the International Center Lounge. Come 
learn about a variety of programs offered around the worle 
many of which maybe just right for you!!! Contact: Katherine 
Gamon x3730. 

EAP Returnee meeting: Rescheduled to 5-6:30 pm on 
Monday, April 15. Come talk about return to UCSD and help 
plan orientation. Contact: Katherine Gamon at x3730. 

Sun God Festival Meeting 
Monday, April 22 at 5:30 pm 

in the North Conference Room. 

Do you get harassing phone calls? 
"Harassing Phone Calls, What Can You Do About Them?" 

is the subject of a workshop on Thursday, April 1~ at 6:45 
pm at the Mountain View Lounge (Third College). 
Suggestions will be given by The Crime Prevention Unit, 
Pacific Bell and Sexual Harassment Program. Presented by 
Psychological and Counseling Services and Crime 
Prevention Unit. 

Is sports broadcasting in your future? 
The KSDT campus radio sports depanment needs 

sponscasters. If you are interested in becoming the next 
Howard Cosell, or just want to have fun, call Tom at 453-
6787. Better yet, come to the information meeting on 
Monday of the third week at 5 pm at KSDT. If you are at this 
meeting, you will be on the air this quaner. 

The Israeli Defense Force 
The guest speaker at the next Israel Action Committee 

meeting, Avi Feigenbaum, will speak on the Israeli Defense 
Force. The meeting is on Tuesday, April 16 in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge at 6 pm. For more informati~n caU Micah at 
587-0942. 

UCLA-USC Law School Tour 
Leaving campus at 7:30 or 8 am on Friday, April 26. For 

more information please come to the Pre-Law Education 
Association (PLEA) meeting Wednesday, April 17 from 4-5 
pm in the Nonh Conference Room or call x4726 and leave a 
message. 

Fun with the UCSD Soaring Club 
The UCSD Soaring Club is a fun-filled group of people 

..no want you to join them. The club offers rides and 
instruction in our strong and safe sailplanes and complete 
beginners are welcome. If you have always been curious 
about flying, the good spring weather makes this an 
excellent time [0 find out more! For more information about 
an introductory flight (which involves a chance to try the 
controls) come to our weekly meeting at 7 pm above the 
game room in the student cente.r or call Alan at 727-4567. 

eirel K presents 

"Harold and Maude" 
Thursday, April 25 at 7,9, 11 pm 
USB 2722 $1.75 at the pox office. 
In the Not So Trivial Pursuit of Health 

Are you knowledgable about health issues and events on 
campus? Starting today, you can test your knowledge via a 
new game called "In the NOT so Trivial Pursuit of Health." 
Look for the sandwich boards by the Hump and the 
Humanities Library and pick up a copy of the rules at 
Student Health Setvices, the student center or campus 
libraries. For more information call Janice at 452-2419. 

Clearance Sale on our remaining stock 
of LEVI's 505,502,517,519 only $13.00 

-Sale starts Monday, April 15 and continues for 
Four weeks onO' at 

The General Store Coop 
Open 8:45 to 5 pm M-F 

in the student center. 

Marketing internship with 91X! 
Interested in radio, marketing or statistics? Internships 

available beginning immediatelyl For more information, 
contact Sarah at ASIO MWF 11-2, second floor of student 
center above game room or leave message at 452-4689. . 

Progressive Students! 
A general meeting of the Progressive Students Alliance will 

be held Tuesday, April 16 at 3:30 pm in the Multi-purpose 
room (upstairs student center) Everyone is welcome, 
refreshments served. 

Monday , Apnl 15, 1985 9 

~ 

Final Home Lacrosse Game 
UCSD vs. SDSU 
(our Cross-town rivals) 
3 pm Muir Field 

Wednesday, April 17 
Come check out this hard-hitting game! 

A presentation on child abuse 
A special screening of "It Shouldn't Hun to be a Kid," a 

new film by the California Attorney General's Office, will be 
presented by the UCSD Police Crime Prevention Unit on 
Monday, April 22 at 4 pm and on Wednesday, April 24 at 4 
pm in the Administrative Conference Room lIlA (across 
from the registrar). Come learn about the programs to treat 
and prevent child abuse, and about the new laws on 
reponing requirements of suspected child abuse and 
neglect. Please make reselVations by calling the Crime 
Prevention Unit at 452-3644. 

Lectures at the International Center 
The International Center at UCSD announces its 

International Forum Lecture Series for spring quaner. 
Tuesday, April 16 at 7:30 pm. "Sources ofInstability in the 
Middle East" with Dr. jacob Goldberg, visiting professor 
from Tel Aviv. Tuesday, April 23 at 7:30 pm: "Economic 
Reform in China" with Dr. Susan Shirk, Associate Professor 
of Political Science at UCSD. Presentations followed by 
questions and discussion. Free admission and 
refreshments. All lectures held in the International Center 
Lounge. 

The UCSD Spee'ch and Debate Team 
The Speech and Debate Team meets Wednesdays, 5:30 

pm in USB 4030. Tournament, Saturday, April 27.join now 
and prepare your event in persuasion, informative 
speaking, oral interpretation, impromptu and 
extemporaneous speaking. Entries must be in by 
Wednesday, April 24. For more information contact Chris 
Ribeiro, director, at 469-2437. 

What's new in birth control. .. 
Due to popular demand a new Binh Control Information 

Session will be offered every Monday from 2:00-3:00 pm 
starting today. Our ever informative and informal sessions 

. offered every Tuesday and Wednesday at noon will 
continue as usual. Drop by and discover what's new in birth 
control. Upstairs in the training room at student health 
selVice. 



10 Monday, Apnl 15, 1985 

Future Writers' Series 

A Minute of Your Time 
By BONNI GRAHAM 

"And though they could not end me, left me 
maimed 
To dwell In presence of Immortal youth, 
Immortal age beside immortal youth, 
And all I was in ashes ",, " 

Alfred Lord Tennyson 
Tithonus 

I NA FEW MINUTES, a conservatively d ressed man wiD walk down the street. He 'll be stopped by an old 
woman in a non-descript dress, who 
will ask, "Excuse me, s ir, can I have a 
minute of your time?" 

The man will say, "I beg your 
pardon?" 

The old woman will explain her 
cause. "A minute of your time, sir, to 
talk about the city railways." 5hell 
complain about the fa re increase, and 
will attempt to stir the man's ptiy by 
describing how old people like herself 
can't even afford the cost of living, let 
alone a rate h ike . Shell ask the man to 
sign a petition to institute a senior's 
rate, and she'D inform him that she 
needs 10,000 signatures to put before 
the heanng Wednesday. Then she'll 
thruSt the petition into the listener's 
face. 

The man will draw back a bit, but will 
take the petition and sign it. 

Th~ old woman will thank him, and 
bow as he passes. She'll throw a 
contemptuous look at the man's back, 
and twist it into a smile for the nex.t 
passerby. 

"Excuse me, Miss, a minute of your 
time?" 

* * * I sigh and eased off my shoes, then 
limp to the bathroom, still in character. 
Leaning as close to the mirror as I 
can-damn these hotel sinks-[ stare at 
the mass of wrinkles and liver spots and 
shudder. As quickly as [ can, I reach up 
and pull at the side of my face until a 
tmy strip peels up. I tug gently at this 
until my mask comes off, turning to 
latex in my hands. Ringing it fro m me, 
I wash my hands, examining my face to 
see if any of the age has stuck. Hands 
still wet, I raise them to my face and 
explore the smooth golden skm, 
stroking it, exulting in it. My eye! There , 
next to my eye-a wnnkle? [ touch it 
and relax; only a shadow. Not much 
more of this silly farce , then I'm off this 
dying plane t, OUt of this timeframe, and 
home to Taum-and immonality. I dry 
my face and hands. 

Walking out to sit on the mattress, I 
bend over to grope under the bed until I 
find what I'm looking for, and puD it out 
to set it on my lap. I run my fingers 
over the console, fondling the readouts, 
the switches, the r.lised letters that read: 
Timekecp: The Finest in Personal Time 
Banks: Manufactured by Timekccp, [nco 

I remember that laSt day at the 
Center. Taum was cold and stimy angry, 
I was eager and impatient. Finally they 
called my name and [ moved forward. 

"Do you have to go through with 
this?" Taum demanded as the 
technician came toward us. 

"Yes," I answered. "You stiD don't 
understand , do you?" 

Taum opened his mouth to say 
something else, but the technician 
arrived before any words came out. She 
led me away, explaining something 
about a time limit, and did I 

Early 
tJni"erse 

~ward 

Best Science Fiction 
1st: Karl Roesler, UCSD 

2nd: Bonnie Graham, UCSD 
3rd: Carolyn Gt1ffith, UCSD 

understand? I nodded absently, still 
staring back at Taum. He unbent 
enough to tap his ear, Signalling that I 
was to use the hQrriblyexpensive 
communications device the Center had 
insisted I have implanted in my right 
eardrum. I waved back, and tumed to 
face the waiting transport .... 

I think of Taum and smile, until [ 
remember his parting words. But we 
have no choice, [ silently shout. As if he 
had been waiting for JUSt that cue, his 
image appears in front of me. -That's 
the way the deal works-the time is 
neither created or destroyed . For us to 
become immortal, other people must 
give up their time-or at least pan of 
it.-

-Why?- he argues reasonably. -Why 
do we have to be immortal at all? We 
do have a choice- we can choose not 
to go through with this silliness. Even if 
you won't give this up, at least we can 
be honest about it.-

-Right,- [ scoff. -Just walk up to 
someone and say, pardon me, my fiance 
and I want to be immortal , would you 
consent to give us, say, half of your 
lifespan, or even half an hour? Thank 
you kindly-I'd be locked up! I've got to 
sneak off to some backward planet, to 
some era that hasn't discovered 
temponautics yet and steal it! They 
won't miss it anyway, so stOp trying to 
make me feel guilty.-

He clamps his mouth shut and turns 
his back to me, his image fading 
slightly. 

Angry now, I shove the box back 
under the bed . I tum my wrist to look at 
my time-balance, then look again . That 
can't be right! I've got more than four 
hundred years to go- by my 
calculations, I should have less than a 
hundred . My eyes are caught by a 
flashing number next to my balance. It 
flashes off, then the words "time 
remaining on Earth" flow by. 

I jump up and confront Taum. -This 
is aD your fault.-

He turns around. -Me?-
-Yes, you. You with your insistence 

that I do it gent!y. I told you that [ 
wouldn't have enought time, that they 
weren't going to let me stay forever, but 
you said,no, dear, we'll have plenty of 
time, in that damn , smug, 
condescending, reasonable voice of 
yours, and now they've informed me 
that I've only got two more days left to 
get four. Hundred. Years. Four hundred 
years!-

-But you've done nothing illegal or 
immoral, he points out. Your conscience 
is clear--

-Fuck my conscience! I'm dying , 
Taum. I can feel it, each cell, each 
molecule dying, decaying as I stand 
here. The dock is ticking, Taum, 
Tickingtickingticking . .. - I collapse 
trembling. 
-We aU do, 'Lyra,- he says gently. -You're 
no different from any of the rest of us.-

I raise my head. -Taum, my darling. 
this is different. I have you. I can't bear 
the thought of watching us age, wrinkle, 
die . What if one of us died before the 
other? Me-orlou. What if you died 
and left me? I' be so alone--

-Don't. Don't you lay this at my feet. 
It was your choice. Your declsion.-

-For you, my darling, for you!-
Suddenly [ think of a way to do it, to 

, I 

Monday, Apnl 15, 1985 II 
~ec.rltES -

. ~. -'·x':.":-':~ . ,.:0::0 "':., ~. ~.~ , " ',X:. '.x .. * .' * .... ~,.. 
get the ti me before I go back. l.try to 
conceal it. Taum will never agree-I 
stand up and look his image in the 
eyes. -Go home ,- I say. -I'm sorry, 1-[ 
don't know what came over me. I'm 
okay now.- I try to queD the excitement 
fluttering in my stomach; he knows me 
tOO weD , he can sense .. .. 

Taum's eyes narrow. -You're planning 
something.-

-Me?-
-Yes, you. You little fool , there's 

nothing you can do, you know, 
except-oh God . No. I won't permit you 
to.-

-Won't permit me?- I laugh. -You 
can't stOP me.-

-Allyra, think. What will you have 
gained?-

-Four hundred years!- 1 say. 
-How could you live wit13 it?-
[ snon. -I'D laugh aU the way to 

etemity. They don't need it , they don't 
use it. I want it.-

- 'Lyra, please, take what you have 
and come home. So what if it's less than 
you want. It's still enough--

-Enough for what?- [ ask bitterly. 
-Enough to spend that much more time 
decaying? Stretch out the process just a 
linle more. I'd just be delaying the 
inevitable, Taum. I won't.- I put on my 
shoes, my overcoat, my mask. 

- 'Lyra , no !- Taum grabs at my arm, 
but his fingers pass through me. 

-Go away,- I say, and stalk out the 
door. 

The first kiUing is difficult. It seems as 
if Taum is hodling my hands back even 
if he can't actually touch me. I creep up 
behind the drunk, reach out with the 
wire , puD back, reach out, puU back. I 
reach out again, snare his neck, and he 
is lying at my feet, tongue protruding, 
eyes bugging, skin purple. As he dies, I 
glance at my balance-five years added. 
Taum is sobbing. 

The second and third are easier, the 
fourth easier still, the fifth is as nothing. 
I tell T;lum that they're aU mercy killings , 
but the soft susurrus of tears doesn't 
stOp. 

Night passes, day comes. Tickticktick. 
Day passes, night comes. 
Sobbingsobbingstopit! Cease. Less. 
Noise. Night passes, and I nap on a 
park bench. The sun beats on my face, 
and childish shouts wake me. I look 
hopelessly at my balance-still one 
hundred years to go, and less than half 
an hour to get it in. I watch the 
children. Them with their games, and 

. their laughter, and their whole lives in 
front of them. I realize that I've been 
wasting too much time, preying on the 
old , the perverted , trying to appease 
Taum. I peer through the branches that 
hide my bench and spot a Iinle boy, 
playing by himself, chasing a butterfly. 
Chasing it closer, closer to where I sit, 
concealed by shrubbery ... Chasing it to 
within .. . arm's ... reach ... of. .. me ... now! 
I grasp his neck (Taum screams), pull 
him into the bushes (he tried to grab 

my arms , screaming), squeeze until he 
hangs limply in my arms (Taum drops 
to the ground and buries his head in 
his hands). 

I sit there , breathing heavily. Taum 
lifts his head and looks at me, oh God , 
those eyes. -Was it worth it?- he asks 
as he stares at me with those eyes. I tum 
my head away. 

-I've added seventy more years,- I say 
defensively. 

[ get up, drop the body and walk off. 
Taum treads backward in front of me, 
accusing, reviling, attacking me with 
those eyes. -Go away,- I implore. -Go 
away and take your eyes with you.- But 
he just stares. Stares, and tears begin to 
slowly drip down his face . He ~gins to 
sob audibly, but never moves his eyes. 
The sobs wrack his body. I shut my 
eyes, but I can stiD hear his sobbing. [ 
cover my ears, but it goes deeper. -Shut 
up! Shut up!- I snatch a stick and poke 
frantically at my ears. There is a final 
screech and then blessed, blessed 
silence. [ open my eyes; Taum is gone. 

[ glance at my watch as [ stride along. 
I've got only ten minutes left. I can feel 
the lime slipping, slipping out of my 
skin, d ripping down my hands, 
plinkplinking OntO the baby carriage . . .. 

Looking down [ see its face, covered 
with time- my time, aU mine mine 
mine! Give it to me!-[ grab its neck 
and squeeze my time out, milk it out .... 

A sharp pain lances into my shin. I 
look up into a horrified, shrieking face . 

I backhand her and run . laughing. I've 
done it! 

I dash into a thicket to look at my 
watch, wanting to see my victory in 
flashing lights. Hugging myself. I dance 
around in a circle, twirling until [ 
become tOO dizzy to stand. Lying on my 
back, I hold out my wrist, enjoying the 
way the light refracts off my balance-
No! I can't won't believe it. I killed him 
in time, I kiUed him fair and square! I'm 
not missing ten years, I'm not! 

"You're wrong! " I scream, and wrench 
the watch from my wrist, flinging it as 
far away from my body as I can. As I 
watch it arc down , I see it disappear 
and laugh. 'Who cares?" I shout. "I don 't 
want to go back anyway! I. Don't. Want. 
To, 60. Back!" I drop back to the 
ground and sob . 

• • • You sat on the park bench , clutching 
a black box and staring at nothing, A 
Girl Scout walked up and tapped you on 
the arm. 

"Excuse me, ma 'am ," she said. "May I 
have a minute of your time?" 

You started , and stared at her in 
d isbelief. She repeated her question, and 
you nodded, holding the box out to her 
with shaking hands. 

"Here ," you said. "You can have it aU." 
She backed and ran away. Your arms 
dropped, and the box tumbled to the 
ground and broke open, catching the 
leaves that blew in the afternoon 
wind. ~ 

FREE SCREENING 
TUESDAY, APRIL 16 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
sponeoreclby • 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

TIck ... _I ...... Of .... UCSD box office. 8:00 PM 
Pel ••• will be available at noon tocDr. I'Ieaee anive earty to ~,. Mati ... 9'101 



12 Mo nday. Apnl 15. 1985 

Family Planning: 
a choice, a responsib1l1ty 

oontldell.tlal • prof ....... 1 • &trui1Ia'ble 
·nD~"', 
with results whUe you wait 

• Unplannedpregnancyl 
general or local aneathea1& 

• Birth control 
• Gynecolog1o&l exams 
,..,., Ftureily PIIIII";,,g 
--- AssocitlUs MedietIl Grollp 

San DlIfl 
6496 AIvarIdo ReI. 
(111)117· ... 

n"Lt ,')-Mit ~ :>l/f)' ~~r. seNlce ,n rn 
~.~ INCLUOf5: 
, Contact lenses, 

$ t~S examination, patient training, follow up, chemical care kit 
. " student 1. 0 . and f itting. 

vJlt EXTE"OfD WfAR :/"4 LfN5f50NLV $265.00 
THE CLASSICAL EVE LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 . 
ROBERT HELLER. 0 .0 . University Towne Centre 

La Jolla Village Square 457 -4 7 91 
452-7374 

f ashion Valley Center 
295-0537 

1y lntrit£s V 
House Rush 

, April 24, 7 
Inten1ational Center 

KKG 
24th, 7:30 pm - Visit with Kappas from 
nia universities and learn about how to 

of this fine group. Sign up for a personal 
day. 

April 25th. 9 am ' 5 pm - Come at your scne<1l1l1td 
and enjoy this individualized look at 
April 26 th. 6: lJl1l - Oeste 

ny by invitati n only. 
For sign,up and inforll1ation . contact: 

Marietta Williams 
Student Activities Office • Student Center Building 

452,4083 

, 

STOCK REDUCTION SALE 
--limited quanti tiel in Itock---

DEC RAINBOW 100 COMPUTER 
128K W/MS OOS 
CPM 80/86 .................................................... $1295.00 
DEC PRO 350 COMPUTER ...................... 1295.00 
(one only) 
SANYO 555 .. 1 COMPUTER . 
W /SOFTW ARE ............................................. 899.99 
(one only) 
KAYPRO 4 COMPUTER .... (demo unit).... 1350.00 
BROTHER TYPEWRITER (CE 50) .......... 325.00 
(two only) 
OVERHEAD PROJECTOR ........................ 175.95 
(two only) 

* OTHER UN-ADVERTISED SPECIALS * 

UIlIVEIiSITY II_IISTURI 
COIIPUTER CENTER 

452 .. 291 

, 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
Financial Aid Deadline 

1985-86: 

MAY 1,1985 
This is a reminder to· all who want to be 

considered for financial aid for 1985-86. The 
deadline to complete your fmancial aid fil~ to 
be considered for aid for all three quarters of 
1985-86 is May 1, 1985. It is your 
responsibility to know the required 
documents and submit them by this deadline. 
If your file is completed after May I, you will be 
considered for winter and spring quarter 
financial aid only. Depending on the 
availability of funds, late applicants may not be 
fully funded. 

Studen t Financial Services strongly urges 
you to complete your file as soon as possible to 
be considered for fall quarter aid, thereby 
avoiding the inevitable last minute rush. 

DO IT NOW! 
.... 

I ©I Contemporary Black Arts Program, UCSD 
presents A Benefit PeTfonnance of 

Southecut Community 'TheatTe', PToducrion of 

Of.lenD IV Of'- FLOYD Q"" '~EY CHOMOQAA~HEO .... KENN ET H GREIN 

April 20, 1985 8 pm 
MandeWle CenteT Auditorium 

StwIentI $6 • FGC/ St4ff $8 • Gnwr,d Ad. $lZ 
Far riclcet inforrnGtion and/ar ~ call,,52.3103 

Ticket. a~ilabIe at UCSD Box Offu:e .. 52 .... 559 and Ticlcetron Outlell 

Monday. Apnl 15. 1985 13 

KROY LE II ERING 
Make a great Impression 

AB 
• Resumes • Reports • Letterhead 
• Flyers • Coupons • Forms 
• Newsletters • Graphs • Charts 

kinko·s· 
457·3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav~n) 

~a~kpac~~n~, Horseback 
rldang, Salitng. Water skiing, 
Rough climbing instructors 
needed for High Sierra 
Summer Camp. 

June 27-Aupat 31 

We will interview interested 
applicants on Campus April 
11 and ' April 16. Please 
contact Judy Griffith in the 
Student Employment 
Center, 452-4500. 



14 Monday, Apnl 15, 1985 

000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000OOOOOOOOOOO[ 
D 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
D 
o 
o 8 S~Nices/Workshops 
D MONDAY-fI1IIDAY 
D 9.0.1100 pili - ~t some ~xperi~e this 
o summer-oo an int~mshipl ~llcation 
o deadlin~ is April 26. Stop by our omc~ for 
O 

mor~ info NOW. We'r~ located above the 
game room In the Student Center. Our 

o phone number is 452-4689. 
o MONDAY 
o tZIOO-liOO pili - Let Go of Stress and 
O Relc1)(-For all UCSO students, this group is d~igned to teach methods of relaxing and D dealing with stress which can be used for a 
o life1ime. Techniqu~ will include breathing o ex~rci s~s , b l of~~dback, progressiv~ 
O 

r~laxation, autog~nlc training, guid~d 
i~, meditation, ~f-hypnosls, and ti~ 

o management. Meets each Ih>«k this Quarter. D Students may attend all sessions, or drop in to 
o any on~ of them as CCll1Venient . Led by 

Maynard Brusman. Meets at 1003 H-L 
o 2100-1100 pili - Do you know.......nat's nt!W 
o in birth conuol? ... A nevv time for the Birth 
o Control Information ~ion. Drop by from 2-
O 3 today and join in our ever informatille and informal session and I~arn .......nat's r~ally nt!W 
o In birth control. In the Upstairs Lounge of the D Student ~alth Cent~r. 
o 5100-6.10 pili - Children of Alcoholics-
D Ar~ you a child of an alcoholic? Ar~ you 

~x~ri~ncing difficulties with intimacy, D ~xpressing ~Iings and getting your needs o rrn!'t? Many childr~ of alcoholics shar~ 
o similar problems and experiences. This group 
D will prOliideopportunities forself-exploration with others who also know .......nat it is like to D be raised in an alcoholic home. Contact D Sandra Wilder-Padilla at 452-3755 for 
D information about this group and to sign up. 
D In w RevelI~ Provost's Offi~. nmDAY D •• ,.f145 _ - Graduat~ Women in 
D Humaniti~-This is a weekly support group D for graduate women students in w 
D Humaniti~ conc~rned with ~rsonal , pro~1. and academic Issues. Led by D Miriam losupovivi. In HL 1003. 
D '2.0.'100 pm - Looking for an indiscreet D WlIf to express your ~Ires toyour true ~? 
D Bring her/him to the Birth Control Information Session and smile a lot Alter all it 
o is confidential and you can't beat W pria. 
o It's freel !...pstairs at the Student ~alth 
o Center. 
D 11OO-Z .. pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 

Counseling Group-This is an orHJOing 
o confident ial support group for 
o und~rgraduate men Qu~tloning their 
o sexuality, as ~I as those who iderltify as 
O gay/bisexual. Meets weekly. Students can call leader, Steve Br~, at 452-3755, for 
o mor~ information, or they can}lst come to 
o the group. In 1003 HL 

IZIOO-IIOO pili - The methods of Modern 
Love are as indMdual as the methods of 
modern birth control you US~. So ~ not 
make an Adult choic~ and get educated by 
attending a birth control information s~sion. 
Second Floor of the Student Health Center. 
ZIOO-I •• pili - ~CO\Ierlng from Eating 
Disorders (RED II. This first-stage group is for 
students INho are beginning to identify that 
they have an ~atlng disorder and want to 
IM)rk on it The" central purpose will be to 
gradually eliminat~ addicat~ behaviors, and 
the r~lationships of feelings in this 
binge/purge cycle will be ~xpIOred. Led by 
Miriam losupovid . Meets at HL 1003. 
11»4.10 ..... - ~adache Management 
Group-This is a group for students who are 
chronic headache sufferers. Partidpants will 

I~arn stress redJction techniq~, as well as 
other headach~ treatment proc~dur~ . 

Inter~ted students should call Penny 
McClellan, at 452-3035 for mor~ information 
about signing up. 

~511O JNII - Campus Black Forum-A 
~Iy, informal discussion group on the 

issu~, cOna!ms, and the Quality of li~ of the 
Black community at UCSO. This is an 0n-
going group and students can join at arry 

time. Call leader Phil Rap~1 at 452-3035 it 
you have arry qu~tions; otherwis~ the can 
just come to the group. Meets in the 
Mountain VIew lounge in Third College. 
..... 100 pili - Feminist Discussion 
Group. In W Women"s Resour~ Center. 

THURSDAY 
IIOCHIIO ..... - ~rcoming Corrpuls~ 
Eating-Are you tired of saying you're SOlry 
after you ~eat7 Tired of feeling g...11ty? 
Then join this new group for ~ who feel 
out of control with their eating. In a 
supportille environment group partldpants 
will learn WlIfS to eliminat~ colTlXJlsille 
eating. The focus will be on changing 
behaviors, thoughts and beliefs which 

~te this colTlXJlsion, and IrrproIIing 
self-esteem and self-image. This group is not 

op~n to those who exp~rl~nce a 
bingr/purge eyer or who greatly r~trict 
their diet. Ternille Porter, 452-3035 and 

Deni~ Zimmerman, 452-3755, leaders. Call 
one of the leaders for more details and to see 
if the group will meet your needs. In 1003 HL 
4100-5100 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men and 
Women U1dergraduate Students-If you 
need support and/or want to ralk about 

e 
ee 

.... aen ar 

sexuality conums, come to an informal rap 
group for women and men students led by 

~ Counselors who ~ been Wre. For 
more information contact w leaders at 452-
4297 or 452-3755, or, drop In the tlrst group. 
Led by O!nise Norton and Kevin Ward. In 
1003 HL 
"'S ..... - \IVorkshop on Harassing Phone 
Calls-""'- can you do? Come and get 
suggestions from the Crime Prevention U11t, 
Padfic ~II, and the Sexual Harassment 
Program. In the Mountain VIew Lounge, 
ThIrd College. 
PlllDAY 
IIOO-ZIIO pili - ReCOllerlng from Eatrlg 
Disorders (RED III. This ~I is desigrled for 
students INho have alre~ lNOrked on eating 
disorders and are currently in W process ot 
giving up W serious eating problem. RxlJs 
will be on other areas of living INhiIe offering 
supportthroug, this transitional time. Led by 
Bev HaQu and Denise Zlmmermarl. In Warren 
PrOIIost's Confe"ence Room. 
ZIOO 4100 pili - Almhol and Substance 
Abuse Group-For students who want help 
in dealing with an alcohol or drug use 
problem. Emphasis will be on lWlder5tand1ng 
the ml1l)lexlty of w problem, iderltlfying 
options, making a mmmitlll!lIt to change, 
and following through . Homework 
assigrvnents and group norms will be 
established as pan ot the group's and 
indMciJaIs program. ~forejolnlng w group 
Interested students are asked to call Becca at 
452-3755 to make a short appointment with 
one ot our counsetors to see If the group will 
meet their needs. Led by Dan Munoz. In the 
Revefle ProIIost's om~. 
............ - ~r-Ied GiIy,lBisexuai 
Men's Support Group. I'I!er counselors lead 
this weeIdy drop-in support group. It Is br 

ma~ students who IcIentitt as being gay or 
bisecua/, as well as br those INho are 
exploring their sexuality. A great opportu1Ity 
to talc with other students sharing similar 
concems. New memtlers CMlJoln at arry time. 
Students INho tale questions about the 
group call Cartes Nelson 01 DemetrIus 
Delacruz. peer counselors, at 452-4297; 
0Cherwise, they can jJst drop-4n A:Ir the 
group. In HL 1003 

Organizational 
l1.sIMY 
.... ... - Israel Action CommIttee 
Meedng-Avi Feigenbaum will be speaking 
on the Israel Defense Forer. For more Info CIII 
MIcah at 587-0942. In the AewlIe Inlormal 
lounge. 

Lectures 
o Ja»l1OO pili - Workshops ~ for ...... DAY 
O Parents-A serles of 6 workshops ~igned &_ .... "..o-t "~ash student run 
O 

to ina~ase rurent effectilleness are being -- ... - '"""'""'. ' ........ ' 
,,- seminar series on Ettical Issues in ScIence 

offered to all UCSD students and their and TectlnoIoW. .Joseph Romm wIU be 
o spouses/partnerS. ThIs nrst workshop will spealdng on "Sdendsts m the MedIa: How 
o focus on Str~s R~duction. Childcare to not be Misquoted." In the Relielle Formal 
O available In Room 3875, MesaApartrnents. In the Mesa Apartments, Room 3999. lounge. 
o ..... 100 pili - Lesbian and Bisexual ........ - 1M Fourth AnroaI Robert C. 
O Elliott MemorIal Lecnxe sponsored ~ the Women's Support Group. In the Women"s Department of Uterat\Xe will be presented 
o Resour~ Center. ~ Frederic Jameson, ~ r:J LJterable, 
o WB»NDDAY UCSC, IM10 will speak on "'Mlrld Uterature 

9.0.'0. - - ~covering from Eating in __ E f' _ r_..... "" I IIO .... ~ D Disorders (RED llII-Personal Growth will be .. "" ra 0 ..... e .....,.._m. n ~ ......... , 
o the focus for ~idpants of this group. It is Hall, ThIrd College . 

..-w nt~Y D designed for women who ~ OYercome GoIc:IbeI' vts-... 
O anorexic or bulemlc patterns. Journal 7 ....... - Dr. Jacob ~ a .- 'lII lNriting. psythological ~ting and feedbacJc, professor r:I poIItlGaI science from eI Avtv will 
o and relaxation and Imagery IM>rlc will be be presentW1g a lecture titled "Sources of 
o used. Led by BI!v Harju and Maynard InstaDllIty In the MIddle East:" =~ 
o Brusman. In th~ Warr~n Provost ' s questions and discussion. Free r . 
o Conferencr Room. In the International Center lDunge. 

00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 

10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 
Recreation 0 

MONDAy~y 
- Are you knowledgeable about health 

Issues and events on cafTlXJS 7 Starting 
Monday you can t~t )Our knowIedgt via a 
new game called, "In w NOT so TrMai 
PlJrsult of ~alth." lDok for It at w Hump 
and Humanlti~-Ubrary. Rules are available at 

th~ library or call 452-2419. There will be a 
new QU~tion ~ach day, and it will be 
continuing every day throughout w spring 
Qua~r. Submit your own QU~tlons In the 
lobby of Student ~alth Services. 
MONCMY 
-.0.1100 pili - Badcgammon Club meets 
for a few hours I?f heal/y playing. EIleI)'One 
welcome. Drop by and give It a gammon. In 
HSS 2346. 
'100 pili - Salling Club meetJng. Slide show 
of past actMti~ and planning of sailing trl>s 
to Coronado and Catalina Islands this 
quarter. New rnernbers welcome. In the Rec. 
Conferencr Room. 
7100 pm - Campus Recreatlon"s Coastal 
Navigation course starts. If Interested drop 
by cat"l)'OnView Annex in front of the Hump 
bet\Neen 11-1 pm and s/grl up. In the Rec. 
Conference Room. 
n'UDAY 
1100-7100 ..... - Outdoor Equipment 
Swap Meet: Buy, sell or tradel Rectlud rares, 
open to general public. In w R«. Gym PatIo. 
7100 ,... - ca~ Recreation's Sailboat 
Handling and Seamanship class starts. For 
the ncMcr sailor. Sign up now at Canyonvjew 
or the Annex. In HSS 2152. 
IIWDNaDAY 
1100 ..... - Men"s I..1crosse team plays 
cross-tolMl rival SOSU in last home game of 
the season. Drop by and cheer on our W 
men. At Muir Aeld. 
ntU~Y 
...... 110 pili - I..1nguage Tables: Come 
and practice your French, Spanish or German 
Oller dinner. All Interested students-

~peclally native speakers are most cordlal~ 
inIIIted. Dinner on meal card or cash basis. 
NatlIie speakers can have meals proI/Ided_ 
call 455-0157 for Info. · In w South Dining 
Hall of w Revelle Cafeteria. 
MO pili - Demonstration-The Public is 
irMted to a demonstration of CARL the 
CDrIllUter l1'lJSic system at the Center for 
MusIc ExperImentation, at 408 Warren 
Campus. 
PlllDAY 
IlOO ..... - Curtis & Curtis in pjano/C~IIo 
Recital-Henry & Charles Curtis perform 
\Woo by Beetholl'en, S<hJrnann, Webern 
and UCSD corrposer Joji Yuasa. In the 
Mandeville RedtaI Hall. SI.OO. 
MTWl!MY & SUNDAY 
7100 _ - Rode dlmblng at Josrua Tree 
National Monument: Basic climbing 
instruction. ~ experience necessary. 

!nclud~s equIpment, transportation, 
InStruction, Saturday dinner and Sunday 
breakfast At w Outdoor Ret. EQu4>ment 
Rental Room. S30.00. 
MTlllllMY 
, z.oo.Z.OO pili - Swing Dana! c/lnic-
l.eiWTl the dances to BIg Band music. Prepare 
for w Big Band Spring Swing on April 27thl 
Slgl up and details at OCR, ~. In 
the Rec. Conferenu Room. 55.00. 
......... - Southeast Cornrrunlty Theatre: 
'"Ain't Mlsbehavln""" -presented by the 
Cont~ary Blade Arts Program and the 
UCSO Drama Department In Mandeville 
Aldtorium. General AdmIssion: 512.00; 
Faculty and Senior Citizens: 58.00; Students: 
$6.00. 

·t 

Religious 
MOMMY ..... DAY 
SIOO pm - CatholIc Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO" In W 
U1iIIersIty 1..utheran Church. 
MONDAY 7.. pili - Tuesday Nig"t DIscussion 
Group. ThIs lNeek's topic: What do Catholics 
believe about salvation and damnation? 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. In w Catholic Lounge at w 
lJnI\IersIty Lutheran Church. 
7 ............. - Asian AmerIcan Christian 
Fellowship-The topic of our meeting 
tonight Is, "Eros I.ow!"". We wiN CD\Ier the 
relationship between ~, marriage, and 
Christianity. EIIefYOI1e is ~~ to join us. 
In the North Conte C!l1cr /born of the 
Student Center BuIldIng B. 
...... DAY 
6100 .... - Student Supper hosted ~ w 
Lutherans at UCSO, open to all. In the 
lJnIversIty I..utheran Church, just ~ of 
Relielle College. 
7100 .... - Bible StlJOt: ""John"s Gospel, " 
led ~ Lutheran graduate students, open to 
all. In w Lou'9 of the U1l11ersity lutheran 
Church. 
7100 ..... - Inter-varsity meets every 
Wedn~ night at 7 pm in the ChancrlIor's 
C~ room lilA and ~'d sure like to see 
you therel And out w answers to such 
prObing questions as "What Is a 
Beaut/tude 7" .JoIn us br good fellowship and 
IIIICtShIpI 
7" .... - catholic BIble Study: A 
refreshing IooIc at what really is The Good 
News. Sponsored by w catholic Student 
CoordInators. In the catholic Lou'9 of the 
U1IversIty lutheran Church. 
.... .... - Christian inquirers SemInar: 
"Are We Alone In the U11verse1 Proofs of 
God's EJdstence CrItlcaI~ Exam/rled," led by 
Lutheran Campus Pastor .Alhn Huber. In the 
Lounge of the U1IversIty Lutheran Church. 
10100 .... - Candlelight Mass. ~ 
by the catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
ChipeI of the U1IIIersIty I.utheran OIJrch. 
ntUlBDAY 
S141 ..... - ~ ThurscUy Climer. Good 

food and great COf!l)any. Sponsored by w 
Catholic Student Coordinators. $2.00 
donation. In the catholic Lounge at w 
lkllverslty Lutheran Church. 
7100 .... - Campus Crusade for Christ-
C~ join us br fun and ~1owshIp and learn 
how to tell others about what God has done 
in your N~. In Bomer Hall 2105. 
7 ............ - U1lted Campus Ministry 
~ weekJy Bible StudIes. Take a 
moment A:Ir some Christian reflection and 
fellowship. All are welmme, INeekIy topic, 
open discussion. Refrestments follow. In the 
Student Center Building B South C~renu 
/b)m 

SATWIIMY 
SlOG .... - CatholIc Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catt10Iic Community at UCSO. In W 
U1NersIty lutheran Church Chapel. 
~Y 
..... "'S. & 11100 ... - Episcopal 
Church Worship ServIcr: Sunday Eucharist 

1 and Parish fellowship. In the Good Samaritan 
EpIscopal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Genesee-from eilSt end of ~, 
north of L1 Jolla VIllage Dr. Intersection of 
Genesee. 
...... - catholic Mass, sponsored by the 
Catholic CCJII'1Irun/ty at UCSO. In w Chapel 
of the U1i11ers11y LuWran Church. 
10100 _ & 7100 pili - Lutheran 
c:orntrunion service with Paster .John Huber 
preaching on "John: Sensuous 1JrIItness." In 
the ChipeI of the lkWersity Lutheran 
Church. 
10lI0 ... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the catholic CDmITIJnIty at UCSO. ~ 
Level Conferena Room ot the Student 
Center 8uiJdlng B. 
11.IS ... - "1IlJtrltlon ~. Cancer" is 
presented ~ nutritionist Helen Bjornson as 
part r:J issue oriented "feedbadc"" serles. In 
the Lounge of the lilM!rsIty Lutheran 
Church. 
Il00 .... - Catt1o/Ic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lJrWerstly lutheran Church. 
., ..... - EpIscopaJ Church WorshIp 
Senitcr: Folk Mass. In w Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

Academic SeNices 0 
MONDAY-l'RlDAY g 
••• 0-•• 00 pm - Test Prep PALO 
Conferences-Do you feel confident about 
)Our nnals1 Do you KnOW what to study and 0 
how to ram A:>r total recall? Can you write a 0 
strong ans~r to essay QU~tions? Do you 0 
know how to score high on multlpr cheia 0 
and true or false Q~tions? Do you budget 
)Our ~t time? If you answered "No" to any 0 
of th~e Qu~tions, schedule a PAL 0 
conferena iW1d learn how to do your ~ on 0 
~xarns. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and 
Stud'yn Skills Center. In USB 4010. 0 
MONDAY. w.DNISDAY 0 
12100-'2141 pm - IMlat can you do with D 
45 minutes? Attend a TECH(niquel TALKand D 
get InA:>rmation that can mak~ a difference 0 
~,~~~~~, rsj:~heng~;o 
System for t~t prep (Wednesday, April 171.0 
Sponsored by the OASIS ~ading and Stu~ 0 
Skills Center. In USB 4010. 0 
Z.OO-.... pili - Can the mind be 
controlled? Can you I~am to concentrat~ on D 
text without uncontrolled side trips? Can you D 
tum on your creativity at will? YESIo 
Concentration and cr~atMty grJ hand In 0 
hand and you can leam to cr~ate both, as 
well as develop the ability to come up with all 0 
those gr~at ideas, thos~ precise evaluations 0 
of text. If you 're in a humanities or other 0 
social selena course, if}QJ haIIe to read and 0 
analyz~ text-particular~ for discussions and 
papers or ~ssay t~sts-don't miss 0 
Concentration and Creativity: A Workshop in 0 
Reading and ThInking. Pr~ted ~ the 0 
OASIS Reading and ~ Skills Center. In W 0 
Student Center Conference Room, Bldg. B. 
nma",y&THUIISDAY 0 
7100-.100 pili - Worried about Biology' 0 
and all those chapters" systems, names, etc. 0 
etc. ? Got theories and formulas and problem 0 
sets that don"t seem to match in ~cs or 0 
calculus? Don't give upl Get ahead with the 0 
NEW evening TEC"'niQuel TALKS on How 
to Studt I't¥ics and Calculus (Tuesday, April 0 
16, In w OlaIlenger HalilDungel, and How 0 
to ~ Bio (Thursday, April 18, In w 0 
Meteor Hall Loungel. Sponsored by w 
CY\SIS Reading and ~ Skills Center. 0 
n~y 0 
' ... 'ZIOO pili - MicHerm Prep-Bring 0 
your course material and get organized for 0 
midsl You'll leiWTl how to apply the successful 0 
SCC?RE system, predict test questions, and 0 
rf!MeW for total preparation in arTy course. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and Stu~ 0 
Skills Center. In OASIS Third Place. 0 
WDNISDAY 0 
Z .... IOO JNII - Textbook Reading for 0 
Recall-How many times should you read a 0 
ctlapter? Oncel This \M)(kshop shows you 
how to read eftIdently and transfer tedious 0 
hours into proc1JctiIIe learning sessions. Bring 0 
your . ~ and leiWTl how to ~ 0 
learlllng eftIaenc:y techniques to your 0 
courses. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading 
and Stu~ Skills Center. In the Student Center 0 
Conference Room, Building B. 0 
........ ..... - Mode Law Class. 0 
Presented by. Western State School of Law. 
Sponsored by: Pre-Law Education 0 
Association. In w North Con~ence Room 0 
of the Student Center. 0 

1HU~Y 0 
Il004.- ..... - Summer L.1nguage snq-o 
Abroad Info Session: Came learn about ao 
variety ot language programs oII'I!red around . 
the world, many of INhich may bejust rigltO 
for YOUlln the Intematlonal Center Lounge. 0 

o 
o 

- photos by RIch Peqak 
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008 



, 'jIb-
I 

16 Monday, April 15, 1985 

Marcia Klaiber runs a tight ship 

Maki!lg boo-boos heal fast 
By ALICIA AGOS, Sports Editor 

T HE SMALL TAPEROOM hidden in the depths of the Triton Dome smells of pre-wrap, of tape, of 
Ben-Gay and of athletes. From August to 
April, athletes from all 24 inter-collegiate 
teams descend on the official 
headquaners of the UCSD training 
department to get taped , to get iced and 
to get some attention from the Queen of 
the Training Room, head trainer Marcia 
Klaiber. 

Amid the swift flurry of taping, there 
is an easy and comfonable air 
between trainer and athlete. It is the 
unmistakable mark of a job well done. 
Oearly, Klaiber is the boss of this 
program, and deservedly so. This San 
Diego State graduate student (whose 
graduation depends on a delayed thesis) 
knows her stuff, and , after less than a 
year on the job , the repons are glowing. 
Basketball players, rugby players, 
volleyball coaches-everyone and their 
mother aSSOCiated with the inter-
collegiate athletic program-like this 
lady. Women's volleyball coach Doug 
Dannevik is ·comfortable and confident 
wah the Job she's doing. I'm secure that 
the players. really enjoy going to the 
trainmg room. They truSt her, and as a 
coach , I can't ask for more. One thing I 
really respect about her is that when she 
tells me a playe r can't play, I know it's 
because she fm ows that player cannot 
play. I remember that every person who 
was injured in our season came back as 
strong or stronger after rehab sessions 
with MarCia. She gets the job done ." 

One of Klaiber's very basic and 
simple reasons for success is, "I love my 
job. Why else would I put in Saturdays 
and Sundays and holidays working? 
Also, I like all spons. I've learned a lot 
more about spons since I've been here. 
I'd never really seen Lacrosse before I 
worked a game here. But there probably 
hasn't been a spon I haven't flayed 
myself." A two-year veteran 0 the Esprit 
women's rugby team, who "doesn't mind 
blood ," Klaiber has seen action in some 
intense club games of softball, volleyball 
and tennis. 

Four long years of undergraduate 

By PHIL LAUDER 

Y OU MAY THINK that waning until the first week of baseball is over [0 write a season 
preview is cheap. You may think that. I 
don't. 

Ah, my Padres. National League 
champs after 15 years of fourth place or 
lower. Made it [0 the World Series. How 
sweet it was, ,md IS. 

OK, so I picked the Padres to finish 
fourth last season, which gives the 
remainder of thiS article a whole lot of 
credibility, I realize Personally, I think 

work didn't quite prepare Klaiber for life 
in the wide open world (something all 
of us can relate to). Actually she did, 
Ohio State degree in hand, land an 
elementaty junior high school PE job in 
Salt lake City. One year of this drove 
Klaiber out of the world of junior-size 
basketballs and asphalt COUrtS and into 
the kitchen. Or actually, someone else's 
kirchen, where she built kitchen 
cabinets. This, said Klaiber, "was fun. 
But after two years, I decided it wasn't 
what I wanted [0 do with the rest of my 
life. So I looked at grad schools and: 
(she said with a wry smile) "found 
myself. I was interested in the spom 
medicine side of athletics, but I didn't 
want to be a doctor. I majored in PE 
and minored in math at OSU because I . 
had basically planned to teach. Then, 
PE majors were never directed to much 
of anything besides teaching. No one 
really said anything about kineaseology 
or anything like that." 

Besides the sun, sand and surf, one 
thing Southern California, especially San 
Diego, has to offer are lots and lots of 
certified athlttic trainers. Prestigious 
programs on the Fullelton, Long Beach 
and SDSU campuses spew forth, year 
after year, very educated, very credible 
trainers. Klaiber knows she came into 
some luck when she landed her present 
UCSD post. "It's very hard to break into 
Southern California. It is just swamped 
with trainers. But I was in the right 
place at the right time. I applied for, 
and got, the UCSD recreational therapist 
job I had last spring, and then it was 
only a matter of people knowing me 
more, and SDSU had a reputation for 
pUlling out good trainers, and I got the 
job." 

LaSt August, Klaiber took over the job 
which had, for the previous five years, 
been occupied by Rhys Danilitian-
Adams. A woman in a powerful position 
in a predominantly male profession gave 

One certified trainer says Marcia Klaiber (UCSD's one and only) cannot handle all the 
Triton athletes alone. 

Predictions: Padres to repeat 

NL West 'preview': 
Starting off at first. . • 
my picking them to finish fourth was 
the only reason they went anywhere; I , 
wasted years of opu m ISUC breath on 
these guys, you know? 

Last year, actually, I JUSt didn 't think 
San Diego's stanIng pitchers would do a 
damn thing. But they did- they did , 
that IS , until 100 million people were 
watching them on TV in the playoffs 
and World Series. Then they went away 
and hid (or at least they should have), 
turning in an aggregate ERA of 173 or 
somethIng like thaI. 

Unfortunately, that left a bad taste in 
the mouths of many, and there remain 
those who are skeptical about the 
Padres' pitching staff. 

For once I am not among thel'! . I still 
have my reservations about this staff-
the same reservations I had thiS time 

last year-but I think it will do fine in 
'85. Gone this year are Ed Whitson, 
who had a good season, and Tim Lollar, 
who had yet another mediocre one 
follOWing a Ouke half-season three years 
ago. Sticking around are Eric Show (15-
9, 3.40 ERA in '84), Mark Thurmond 
(14-8 , 2.97), Dave Dravecky (9-8, 2.93) 
and Andy Hawkins (8-9, 4.68). Only 
Hawkins' numbers are unimpressive, 
and he had a good second half plus a 
superb post-season. 

And, of course , San Diego now has 
LaMarr Hoyt , a former Cy Young winner 
and a proven veteran. In L 983 the 
Padres acquired a proven veteran in 
Steve Garvey to immediately bring the 
line-up respectability. In 1984 they 
brought in a roven veteran in Goose 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 11 

Fortunately for UCSD athletes, Klaibtr 
"isn 't afraid of blood ... 

Klaiber some job stress. As she says, "At 
first , yes, there were some problems. 
Some of the coaches were leery because 
I was treating guys. Still, it's a matter of 
showing them you can handle it . Within 
a week or two on the job, I had no 
problem with the coaches." 

Approval from the players came 
quickly. "She's great," said Lynne 
McLevie, cemer for the Triton basketball 
team. "She 's good at diagnosing the 
problem, good with therapy and she's 
concerned with what she's doing. She's 
definitely one of the top college trainers 
I've worked with . She has an 
understanding of each different sport: 

Eric Hallman, seuer for the men's 
volleyball team, commented candidly, 
"She knows her ~hit. She has a quick 
rehab record. She's a beautiful person. I 
hope she never ever changes." 

Hallman's teammate Howard Bishop, 
who has spent his fair share of time in 
the small room marked First Aid, thinks 
Klaiber "genuinely tries to help people. 
She'll take the time and show interest 
and do whatever she can for the 
problem." 

Klaiber doesn't hesitate to point out 
the fact that "there are tOO many athletes 
for one celtified trainer. FoltUnately for 
me, 1 have nIne excellent student 
trainers without whom this place would 
not function-and they're all 
volunteers." E:J 

Lefferts was a pleasanl surprise for the 
Padres in '84, solidifying an already-solid pen. 

Monday, April 15, 1985 17 
S~Q.TS 

. . " . ' 

NL West: Will Pads repeat? 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 16( 
Gossage to shore up the bullpen. And in 
1985 they bring in Hoyt, a proven 
veteran who wiD bring the stalting 
rotation the depth, experience and 
leadership it needs. Neither Garvey nor 
Gossage had spectacular years, yet their 
effects were immediate and obvious. 
Hoyt's should be as well . 

San Diego is solid on offense and in 
the bullpen, so as the stalters go, so 
goes the team. Only key injuries, such 
as the one to Alan Wiggins that will 
keep the speedy second baseman out of 
action for a few weeks, can stop this 
team-as they have stopped other 
would-be division repeaters~ If the 
Padres avoid injuries, the crown is 
theirs. 

Another element in San Diego's favor 
is that the NL West is no longer what it 
used to be. Key [0 that fact has been the 
demise of the Los Angeles Dodgers, who 
will likely finish in the bottom half 
because of lack of everything except 
stalting pitching. Atlanta, however, will 
make a serious charge on San Diego. 

'Although the Braves' Starting rotation is 
shaky, the bullpen made a quantum leap 
forward with the acquisition of Bruce 
Sutter, who was phenomenal last season 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Tlme&Moncy 
Our career profile 

testi ng program wi II 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ ceNTER 

cAMSTERDAM 
(\l LONDON 
WNDON ,." .. '649 

NON.STOP 74 7 

AMSTERDAM ... 1675· 
I'IRECT [lC·10 

Into LONDON 
Out of AMS'IEiuwt . ,'700 
Into AMSTERDAM. 
Out of LONDON .,.. '700 

·Anll""'~ ",r" ".m."fwa. of E",malPcuJ 
at ,lot nmt of ""*,,,( ~ 

EURAlLPASS ~ 
...., OWl' dW..-- 'to" 
BRlfRAIL PASS F." ,.fo ... 
...., OWl' _...... tln ... I •. !\BII. 

tI ... t.· ... 
1300 ~ Sr. #200 
Ntwpon BrKh 
CA 92660 
714-851-1787 
213-590-8200 

5& 10 
RENT-A-CAR 

• STUDENTS. STAFF. 
• FACULTY. 

WELCOME 
QUALITY 

PRE-OWNED CARS 
CREDIT CARD 

-OR-
CASH 

CALL TODAY FOR INFO. 
280-9336 

with SI. Louis. Atlanta lacks the Padres' 
overall balance, though, and will finish 
second. 

Houston will be firmly implanted in 
third. The team has no power, especially 
if shortstop Dickie Thon's comeback 
attempt fails. Its staners are good, but its 
bullpen is questionable and its hitting, 
despite good Statistics last season, JUSt 
isn't that strong. Third for Houston, but 
a solid third. 

A few light years in the distance wiD 
come the reSt of the world : lA, San 
Francisco and Cincinnati, probably in 
that order. This is not a year for colorful 
dynamos; the Big Red Machine and the 
Big Blue Wrecking Crew are dust. The 
Giants never did have a color, but they 
haven't had much of anything else 
either, like pitching or defense, that 
kind of thing. Hit they do, and do well, 
and what is perhaps baseball's best-
hitting outfield may propel them into 
fourth . More likely, LA will hold that 
spot because and only because of a 
good pitching staff. Cincinnati has Pete 
Rose chasing Ty Cobb, enough said. 

• 

San Diego, Atlanta, Houston, Los 
Angeles, San Francisco and Cincinnati. 
And away they go. ~ Standard Steve Garvey photo #278: Stevie looking backwards, smiling. with head chopped off. 

EveryTI calculator comes with 
one extra number • 

1-800-TI-CARES 
When you buy a Texas 
Instruments calculator you 
don't just buy a calculator, you 
buy Texas Instruments' com-
mitment to quality, 

It's a commitment backed 
by a fully developed service 
network that includes the 
above toll-free number you can 
call from anyplace in the 
United States, 

If you have any applications, 

~ CI9llSre...I __ .. I~ 

operations, or service questions, 
call us Monday thru Friday 
between 9 am and 4 pm CST 
and we'll be glad to help, ' 

If your calculator needs 
repairing, we'll direct you to 
one of our 46 conveniently 
located service centers for an 
immediate exchange. Under 
warranty, it's free, If theres no 
center near you, we'll do it all 
by mail. 

Of course, theres just one 
catch, It has to be a Texas 
Instruments calculator. But 
then, if you're as smart as we 
think you are, why wouldn't 
it be? 

TEXAS. 
INSIRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and services for)UU. 



18 Mo nday. Apn115. 1985 

(1\ B~~~!~ II~ So Much TIME 
and so 
little to 

DO? 

BETWEEN 1-5 AND MISSION BAY DRIVE, AT GARNET 
A BRAND NEW 86 ROOM HOTEL 

5 MINUTES FROM UCSD, SEA WORLD & THE zoo 
483-9800 or 1-800-523-3041 

- - - - - - - - - - -COUPON- - - - - - - - --1 r $45 ROOMS WITH COUPON I 
I (REG. $55 AND UP) I 
: LIMIT 2 PERSONS PER ROOM : 
I RATE APPLIES SUNDAY THRU THURSDAY I 
t - - - - - - - - - - -COUPON. - - - - - - - - __ I 

Good friends keep you ftOing 
when all you want to do IS stop. 

Your feet hurt. Your legs 
hurt. Even your teeth hurt. 

But your friends thought 
you looked terrific. And with 
them urging you on, your 
first 10 kilometer race didn't 
finish you. You finished it. 

Now that you have some-
thing to celebrate, make 
sure your support team has 
the beer it deserves. 
Tonight, let it be LOwenbrau. 

LOwenlriu. Here's to good friends. 

GET UP, GET OUT, 
GET DOWN TO THE 

GUARDIAN!! 
&come a writer or an iDustrator. 

can 452-6580 for details. 

Do You 
F.c1a 

DRAFT? 

Find out 
your legal 

rights & 
responsibilities 

with 
Kathy Gilberd 

Military Law Task Force 
Peterson 104,4/18,7:30 

THE REVEu.E DEAN'S OFFICE IS CURRENll Y 
ACCEPTING APPLICA nONS FOR FOUR 
INTERNSHIP POSlnONS FOR NEXT YEAR. INTERNS 
HAVE RESPONSIBIUTY FOR PlANNING NOON 
PROGRAMS, DEVELOPING FACULTY/STUDENT 
RElATED ACTIVITIES, PlANNING PROGRAMS AND 
AcnVlnES FOR COMMUTER STUDENTS AND 
PRODUCING "REVELIA TlONS," OUR COllEGE 
NEWSlETTER. 

TAU PA 
EPSILON 

AND APPLICANTS MUST BE REVELLE STUDENTS, WlTHA MINIMUM Of 20 G.PA APPUCA nONS CAN BE PICKED lJ' IN THE REVELLE DEAN'S OFFICE AND 
ARE DUE BY APRIL 26th. PICK lJ' REFERRAL 
NUMBER #1543 FROM STUDENT EMPLOYMENT. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMA nON STOP BY THE 
REVELLE COMMUNITY CENTER OR THE REVELLE 
DEAN'S OFFICE. 

.----The Department of Literatuf'e---, 
presefttl 

CARI.OS 
M HY'S 

THE FOURTH·ANNUAL 
ROBERT C. ELLIOTT . 

MEMORIAL LECTURE 
"World Uterature in the 
Era of Late Capitaliam" 

would like to thank UCSD 
for its support of the Teeter 
Totter Marathon for Multiple 
Sclerosis. 

Dr. Fredric JJlIlleson 
Professor of Uterature 

University of California, Santa Cruz 
will deliver the lecture 

Wednesday, April 17, 19S5, at 8:00 p.m. 
Peterson Hall, Room 110, Third College Campus 

Uiliversity of California, San Diego 
Rece~on to FoUow 

For further information 
'--------(619) 452 .. 3214 _____ ---' 

4303 La Jolla Village Dr. 
University Towne Centre - 457-4170 

Opening Soon at P"za Camino Real. CarlslNld 

Lockheed's SR·'. BlaekblnJ. 
The world's fastest, highest flying airplane. 
The plane created by Lockheed's famed 

Skunk 't\brks team. A team of engineers and 
scientisu that repeatedly meet technical 
challenge with unique ideas and creative 
solutions. 

~'re working on many different high tech-
nology programs that will take us well into 
the 21st centul1' These programs will chat-

lenge your knowledge and define your imagi-
nation. A representative from Lockheed-
California Company will be on campus 
April 2J and 24. to discuss how you can 
tum those four years of tough engineering 
courses into a lifetime of challenge and 
achievement. 

Sign up now at your placement office for 
a personal interview with the future. 

Lockheed is an equal opportunity, affi ... 

mative action employer. U.S. citizenship 
is required. 

..ulockheed 
.caHIomIa Compsny 
Burbank. CA 91520 
GiY ....... to imqludon. 

SKUNK WORKS.nd the skunk desiNn ar. retei .. ered 
""rvice marks of Lockheed Corporation . 
o 19115 Lockheed Corpor.tion 



20 Monday, Apnl 1 , 1985 

Classified adwrtIslng space II sold In 
l00-chuacter Increments. Each 
letter, pw1CtUatIon lUrk and space 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two chal1lcten. The rate 
Is $I per 100 characters for S1LIdents 
and S3 per 100 characters for non-
S1Udena. You must come by the office 
or mllil In your ad, as we require 
payment In advance of pubUcadon. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thunday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday' s paper. For more 
Information caU 452-3466. The 
Glardlan, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Sue " Duracel/" Pan, B~. it's your 
birthday, your body an hors d'oaMe 
tray, I've never felt such temptation. Your 
words soft~ spoken, ~ scratches a 
token/of endless nights of passion. I 
h..Inger and lust!m desire your thrust. 
You make me writhe with antidpatlonl 
Your "Everready" Man DH. KP, \IC, CB. 
(4/15/ 
Mahalo to all the Phi Defts for the great 
tropical party. Good luck in rushl love, 
the Sigma K's. (4/1 5J 
3rd College Cutural Celebration ~ 
vo lunteer models for international 
fashion show. Contact Res. Dean's Off. 
by 4/24. (4/ 22J 
Kappa Kappa Gamma Kappa Kappa 
G amma Kappa Kappa Gamma. 
Interested? April 15, 16, lB. m 190n the 
Plaza. (4/15J 
May 19 initiates Delta Gamma's Annual 
Fundraising Event. DG Anchor Splash at 
Rec Gym Pool. Be there. (4/15J 
Male off campus student seeks female 
who knows loneliness. My interests 
include computer programming, Led 
Zeppelin, and various historical and 
scientific trMa. I am not religious, 
however I do like animals m some 
people. I despise Reagan m consider 

~If to be a child of the sixties. My 
comictions are strong, ~ heart true, 
and ~ humor twisted. I like long 
bullshit sessions and I like to dance if the 
music isn't funky shit. I stand 57" and 
~ight 125 Ibs. My appearance isn't 
spectacular but adequate. If you think 
}OU might be interested in a non-
platonic relationship, I can be contacted 
via PO Box 12116, La .Jolla 92037. (4/151 
Mark, meet me in the Rev. Commuter 
LDunge for a continental breakfast on 
Wed. at 8 am. On~ 5O¢.-Mary. (4/15/ 

Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your business. Tickets. 
accidents . sports cars. good 
dr~ /student discounts: all welcome. 
cal 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
(5/16J 
Is Law School for you? Come find out 

what a law dass is really like I A mock 
law class will be presented by Cal 
Western on Wednesday. April 17 at 
4:00 in the North Conference room. 
Sponsored by PlEA. (4/15/ 

Congratulations Hayleyl I kneY.I you 
would make it Warren Sophomore 
Senator. You deserve It. ~. La/. (4/15J 
1\11 women interested in sorority life 
come by the Kappa Kappa Gamma table 
on the Plaza. April IS. 16. 18. (4/15J 

.John; slap. tickle. squeeze-I'm in the 
mood for a s/eeze. Pond Scum I..oYer. 
(4/15J 
lDoking for a career in modeling? Third 
College Fashion ShcMI is a good place to 
start. Sign up in the Res. Dean's Off. by 
4/24. This could be the beginning of a 
promising career for youl (4/ 22J 
Delta Gamma's Anchor Splash is May 19. 
in Rec Gym Pool. Don't miss it l (4/15/ 

leRl llMill1 JJ 
Honda NC SO Express motorcycle. 2000 
mi. Exc. condo Mect'l. repair manual 
included. S265. 450-0765. (4/15J 
Smith-Corona electric type'Nrlter. Hard~ 
used for on~ SIOO. Call 450-0171. 14/18J 

Now's your chance to leam how to 
windsurf. 2 sailboards for sale. S375 or 
best o~r. Call 483-2337. ask for Paul. 
leave a message. 14/18/ 

Adorable animal rubber stampS. Cats. 
kittens. bears. pandas. birds. penguins. 
unicorns. etc. etc. I Free catalogl Send 
SAS.E. (.39J to: Critter Care Center, P.O. 
Box 77. Solana Beach. CI\ 92075.14/29/ 

Wama see MADONNA? Call 453-
0856. ask for BILL (4/18J 
Hewlett Packard 41-CV with 
rechargeable battery pack. S70 or best 
o~r. Evenings 455-5839. (4/181 
Must sell: Great tri-fin surfboard; trfoot 
"Shred-Craft." See to appreciate. Call 
anytime 453-3907. (4/181 
Fiat Mirafiori 131S. Xlnt condo in and out 
Good engine. ~aving for Europe in one 
month. Must sell I Asking SI.750 B.O. 
Please call and leave message 457-5035 
lorgos. (4/15/ 
Nordica GPX ski boots sz. 8. Top of the 
radng line. New $300. skied once Sloo. 
457-0724. (4/18J 
'65 \IS Bug. engine on~ 3 ~ars Old. runs 
strong, clutch ~ work. S700 080. 
481-6571. (4/18/ 

Feel the wind in your hair and sun on 
your face riding this immarulate Honda 
motorcycle 200 Twinstarwith on~ 1700 
miles on it Mint condition, asking Sl1oo. 
Call 481-6082. l\sk for Russell. (4/151 
' 73 Gran Torino. great running 
condition, minor bumper damage. Must 
see. $BOO/best offer. Jay 457-3818. 
(4/15/ 

Tennis racquets. Prince Graphite S125. 
Head Graphite Edge sao. Demay 
Graphite Borg S60. All 4-1/2" grips m 
in good condition. 457-0724. (4/181 

La Jolla PI~ needs sunvner 
houJing: Sublets. rentals. roommates. 
Agreem~ts signed. Call Carol 452-
6760. (6/6J 
Roommate wanted to share 2 bedroom 
South Mesa apt. Non-smoking medical 
or graduate student on~. S215/111O. & !h 
electridty.Available April 26. Call Rob at 
755-1836. (4/18/ 

House wanted. 2 PhD's w/excel~ 
r~ences. Coastal area. ~asonable 
price. Please cal 755-7092. (4/181 
Housemate wanted for large house in 
UC. C>.Nn room. water & trash paid, 
Laundry fadllties & miaow~ avaIlable. 
4-5 miles from school. S235/mo. Clean, 
non-smokers only. Call Jim at 453-1997. 
Please leave message. (4/181 
Roommate sought to share 3 BR condo 
with Steinway grm off Gilman. Quiet. 
male non-smoker. p~ grad. student 
Call 450-9583 or 452-6187. (4/18J 
Housemate wanted for large 2-story 
house in UC. Laundry. microwave. TV. 
Onty 4-5 miles from school. Water and 
trash is paid for. Clean rlOI'Hmokers only 
please. S235/mo. Leave message at 453-
1997. (4/151 

.HiMBalll 
Top Ora\Ner S«retarlal reports. resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word 
processing. Diane 481-4160. (6/61 
TWING,I\X.ORO PROCESSING: many 
type st;yles to choose from, spelling and 
plI'lCtUaOOn errors corrected, plck-up 
and delivery. qual,¥ work. FASTlII 
S2/page (double spacedJ. Call 
Interactive Micro Sys~ at 452-9949. 
16/6J 

Racket Stringing and ~--Lowprices. 
24-hr. service. Call Andy at 458-9269. 
(S/16J 
Typing: 18M/rush jobs/editing/fast. 
professional results. 453-0656 or 2~ 
7333 Shari. 16/6J 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Andy 
Laurence 279-8056. 16/6J 

lWING,I\X.ORO PROCESSING-For all 
your typing needs can Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted. 14/18J 

TYPING EXPRESS: Fast service/qualty 
work/affordable rates" 483-2889. 
(4/18/ 
PROFESSIONAL TWlNG aYailabie tilru 
Kinko's Copies. COI'?Ief'liently Iocat,ed in 
Ralph's/ Sav-On shopping Center. 24 
hour service available. Call 457-3775 for 
details. (4/29J 
Cruiseship.Jobs? Cruiseshlp 'M>rk book. 
Send S5 to: O'Rourke Ent Dept. D. P.O . 
Box 14383. SS. CI\ 93107. (4/25J 

Lost: CASlO multi-function watch w/blk 
rubber-p/as band on 2nd floor of /\PM. 
RNiard. Jim 453-1997. (4/15J 
Found: Last quarter in USB. A gold ring. 
Call Kim at 455-0949 to identify. (4/181 
Two gold rings left in 3rd college 
restroom cilrlng finals week. Please 
return if found-great sentimental 
value. Kelly 481-6571. 14/221 

Lost Bro~ leather jacket Tuesday night 
-April 9 In front of the Ubrary or at Surf 
Club . meeting. Please call with any 
information. David 455-0510. (4/22J 

\,1oIin, viola, prep for 32 or just for 
IndMdual or shared lessons. 
Martin. 457-0671. 16/61 

91X Internships involving market 
research and staU are avllable 
irnmedatefyl call ASlO for info--452-
4689. 14/181 

EARN MONEY ON ALL fHE 
MAGAZINES SOLD ON CAMPUS. 
NEED PEOPlE TO POST INFORMA-
TION. GOOD PROFIT. WRITE BPC, 
8218 HARDY. OVERlAND PARK. KS 
66204. 14/15J 

Kappa Kappa Gamma Sororit¥ is stalting 
a ~ colony here at UCSO. Sign up on 
the Plaza April 15. 16, 1& 14/151 

Commuter Contjnenta! Breakfast Wed. 
April 17. 7:»9 am only SOC In the 
ReYelle Commuter Lounge. 14/15J 

The SDSU Foundation has ' part-time 
positions for contract work at Nay R&D 
labs at Pt. Lorna. Need COf1'1)Uter sdenCe. 
engineering. physIcs. psychology 
majors. Must be upper dlvisla'l or grad 
student enrolled fUll time and US citizen. 
S6.20/hr. "PPIY 204 Admin. Complex. 
Student E~ omce 452-4200. 
14/181 

"Increase Alertness, Energy Flow. 
Alleviate Stress, PMS. Relief At last, Build 
A Better Body & ~ \Xft Loss. Call the 
Experts At 452-9775" 14/151 

Third College Cultural Celebration 
needs wk.nteer models for International 
Fashion ShaIN. Contact Res. Dean's Off. 
at x4340 ~ 4/24. 14/22J 

klfiillllllil 
WANTED CANf' COl..MELOR: North 
COlXlty Branch Jewtsh COIT1IIUlity 
Center. Call Pam, 944-0640. (4/25J 
Wanted: Secr~1 help for Dr:s otrlce. 
Errands, must have car. Tu 1-5, 1h 8-1. Fr 
12-5. Sa &/or Sun. 454-0973. 14/15J 

Wanted: Talented people to write or 
illustrate for the Guardan. caN 452-
6580. 16/6J 

Phone Prospecti1g. Mon.-nus .. 5-8pm. 
Female & sales ecper. desirable. carrie at 
E.F. Hutton. 459-3232 14/151 

Chlldcare needed my home one 
afternoon per week. Pref. Tues. and Sat 
am. 755-6833. (4/15J 
Wanted: ~ to partidpate in 
perception e~jment Should have 
good eyesight and spe_ Englsh as a 
first language. Call RIchard Batch at 4 53-
4100 ext. 548 between 10 and 2. Pay is 
S5. (4/18J 
Wanted: Nature Director for B.SA. 
Summer Camp. Bio Majors preferred. 
Call Dave 278-3899. (4/22J 


