


2 Thursday Apnl II, 1985 

Susan Golding, Supervisor of District 
3, will be the featured speaker at the 
Instirute for Continued Learning Forum 
on Friday, April 19, at 10 am in Room 
lIlA of the UCSD Administrative 
Complex. Her topiC will be "Political 
Myths." 

Before bei ng elected to public olTice, 
Goldirtg was a businesswoman, 
newspaper publisher and university 
instructor. Her academic degrees are in 
government, international relations and 
politiCS. She was a PhD Fellow at Emory 
University and srudled pohtlcal science 
and art history at the Sorbonne in Paris. 

For more information, phone the ICl 
olTice at 452-3409. 

o 
Young women who are looking for 

more than just a ')ob" are encouraged to 
join the California Conservation Corps, 
which has openings available now, 

The CCC offers women between the 
ages of 18 and 23 an opportunity to 
fight fires, clear streams, build parks and 
trails , and develop leadership skills at 
the same time. Corpsmembers receive 
$581 per month and are assigned to 
one of 18 residential centers throughout 
the state. Many nonresidential locations 
are also available. 

California Conservation Corps 
Director Bud Sheble said the CCC 
provides young people with a chance to 
assist in important state conservation 
projects and emergency work while 
preparing themselves [or furure careers 
as well . 

He added that along with the project 
work undertaken each day, communiry 
college classes are available in the 
evenings. Courses In career 
development and conservation 
awareness are provided as well , with a 
GED program for those corpsmembers 
without high school diplomas. 

Those interested in joining the Corps 
may either pick up an application at a 
state Employment Development 
Department office, call toll-free (BOO) 
952-5522, or contact the CCC's 
Escondido Center at 74L-2981. 

o 
The Friends of Nicaraguan Cuhure, 

with Central America Labor Project as a 
co-sponsor, will be hosting a "Salute to 
Nicaragua," Thursday, May 9 at 7 pm at 
la Jolla High School on Nautilus Avenue. 

Fearured will be Sabia, a six-person 
ensemble presenting music from Mexico 
and Central and South America. The 
group's repertoire includes "nueva 
can cion" that speaks to contemporary 
issues, plus unique songs about women 
and many original compositions . 

There will be a $6 charge at the door. 
Proceeds will be donated to a women's 
hospital in Nicaragua. 

o 

"The Alpine Countries Experience," 
an 18-day excursion through 
Switzerland, Austria, Liechtenstein and 
Germany, will be offered August 8-25 
through UCSD Extension. 

Designed espeCially for educators but 
open to all who appreciate beaury and 
quality, the tour will emphasize the 
contrasts between the quaint rural towns 
and Alpine Villages and such 
international cities as Geneva, Vienna 
and Munich. 

A special fearure of the tour is the 
presentation that is provided for 
partidpants before departure . Two pre-
trip meetings will give practical travel 
advice as weU as i nstrucoon about the 
cultures to be visited. Tour directors Bob 
and Madelyn Sheets have first-hand 
experience, each having spent nearly a . 
decade In the Alpine region. 

A free slide preview and orientation 
to this unique tour, including a 
continental breakfast, will be offered 
April 20 and May L8 from 9- 11 am at 
UCSD Extension and is open to all 
interested . For more details and a free 
brochure, call UCSD Extension at 452-
3440. The cost of the tour, including 
airfare, first-class accommodations and 
many meals, is $2,575. 

o 
Can forests IS well IS people survive 

in Africa's Rift Valley? 
Whether as a result of clearings for 

agriculture and grazing or the increasing 
demand for fuelwood, the progressive 
destruction of natural woodlands is one 
of the most insidious environmental 
problems facing East Africa today. But, 
as a contributing factor to the severe 
famine and drought afflicting parts of 
Africa today, deforestation moves 
beyond the realm of environmental 
issues to become a concern In human 
survival itself. 

With growing population centers 
comes a desperate need for fuelwood. 
Yet the clearing of forests today virtually ass~res a future depleted not only of 
trees but stable soil that will suppOrt 
agriculture . 

Can the replanting of native trees halt 
the soil erosion that dooms crops in a 
nalion already threatened by famine? 

This vital conservation issue will be 
the focus of a study this summer by UC 
Santa Barbara geographer Julia AlLen .and 
her field expedition team in Tanzania. 

The research project is sponsored by 
the Universiry Research ExpeditiOns 
Program (UREP), a Berkeley-based 
organization which specializes i.n 
matching interested amateurs with 
University of California scientists in 
need of field and financial assistance to 
carry out their field research. 

Dr. Allen is looking for about 12-15 
people with an interest in 
environmental studies to spend two 
weeks at various field sites in the Rift 
Valley collecting samples.of native trees 
and noting the charactenstlcs of their 
habitats. Since the field techniques will 
be taught at the site, no previous 
experience is necessary to join the 
expedition. 

The "Woodland Preservation" project 
in Tanzania is but one of 25 UREP 
expeditions slated for summer of 1985. 

As in all UREP projects, each 
participant makes a tax-deductible 
contribution to join the expedlUon 
which covers the basic research 
expenses as well as their 0",:" food and 
accommodations. The contnbutlons for 
joining research teams range from $535 
to $L,675, excluding airfair (which is 
usually deductible as well). The . 
contribution for joining the Tanzama 
expedition IS $1.375. 

For a free catalog describing these 
and other expeditions in 1985, contact: 
Universiry Research Expeditions 
Program (UREP), Universiry of 
California, Desk K-LO, Berkeley, CA 
94720, or call (4L5) 642-6586 

o 
The Hispanic Children's Law Project 

will present an immigrant rights traming 
conference for attorneys, legal workers 
and community representatives at the 
University of San Diego Manchester 
Center May 3-4. ," 

Leading attorneys and SOCial SCientists 
who work on immigration and related 
issues of concern to the Hispanic 
community will provide training and 
lead discussions for attorneys, social 
service agency employees and members 
of communiry groups. 

A conference registration fee of $5 
mc1udes workshops, conference 

~---------~----------~ 
II 

.. 
11 

Cover: Kristin Luker, associate professor in the 
Sociology Depanment, talks on the many sides of 
abonion in a Guardian interview. See the story on page 8. 
News: Election results: RSVP sweeps the executive positions 
in a cakewalk, winning 15 positions in the campus elections 
Tuesday and Wednesday. See the complete results on page 3. 
Also, more on the CalPIRG controversy. 
Opinions: A response on the Nicaraguan issue, plus letters 
and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: An interview with Dr. Kristin Luker, and "the 
writefs i" explores the many ways to get from point A to 
oblivion. 
Spons: Things are looking up for an up-and-coming 
women's lacrosse team, the women water polo players get 
some action, a casual look at the woes of a weekend golfer, 
and you-yes, you-have a chance to sun and party at Blacks 
with some Triron surfers. 
Hiatus: The work of Suda House and 41 other emerging 
artists is explored. Trojan Women is presented on campus by 
the Suzuki Company of Toga. Also, a look at the 
Replacements and Burning Spear, plus Goings On and the 

. triumphant return of Caruso. 
• 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

materials, and a reception on Friday 
afternoon. 

For information regarding registration, 
call 260-4816. 

-ReMe Wenrick 

o 
This yar's Undapduaee AnI 

fesIival wiU feature a variery of 
entertaining events, drawing from aU the 
anistic departments on campus. The 
Festival will kick otT with a "Stonehenge" 
parry and a TGIF on Thursday and 
Friday of the eighth week, May 23 and 
H. 

During the (ollowing two weeks. 
events ranging from art installations to 
dance performances to a band driving 
around in an open-air bus will enrich 
the atmosphere on campus. All the 
events will be free or Inexpensive 
because the Festival is intended to 
encourage the "non-art" students to 
realize and enjoy the diversity of art 
happening here on campus. . 

The Festival was conceived three 
years ago to give recognition to the art 
departments at a school known . mainly 
as a science, computer and engmeenng 
stronghold. The onginal idea, still at 
work today, was to involve all of the 
campus in the arts, removmg the 
barriers separating the departments. 

The Festival is funded mainly by two 
sources, the Council of Provosts and the 
Office of the Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs. Their monies go 
towards underwriting performance coses 
and publicity as well IS funding a great 
deal of IndiVidual or group stUdent 
projects. This funding provides 
opportUnities for many students to do 
work they could nOt otherwise afford. 
Each of the individual departments 
involved in the Festival is given a . 
separate budget, and the project grants 
are distribure(i to qualified students by 
those departments. 

The Festival adds much color and 
character to UCSD, involVing students 

.. , 

and the surrounding communiry in a 
celebration of the artS. CY 

o 
Fonner 'Iong-lime diautor o( the 

Siena Club and renowned wilderness 
preservation lobbyist David Brower will 
speak about "Protecting the Wildemess" 
April 10 at 4 pm in HSS 1309. 

Brower was credited by colleaaucs for 
the stopping of myriad man-maae 
envtronmental disasters almost single-
handedly and for inspiring the public to 
join the wilderness campaign in droves. 
He was instrumental in developing the 
publicity tactics that are credited with 
preventing the construction of twO dams 
In the Grand Canyon and elsewhere. 

A former editor for the Universiry of 
California News Service, Brower inspired 
the creation of Sierra Club Books. now a 
leader in wilderness and environmental 
publishing. 

Brower will appear as guest speaker 
for Contemporary Issucs 20-
"Wilderness and Human Values." 

o 
Being a UCSD ItUdent is hard. Being 

a student and a spouse or partner is 
even more difficult Being a student, a 
spouse and a parent seems rationally 
imposSible, yet many UCSD students faD 
into this three-dimel'1$ionallifestyle. Dr, 
Christine Osterlo and ~ staff from 
Psychological and Counsell", Services 
understand the added responsibilities 
and pressures in rhe IiIltS of such . 
people.. and are th~ offering a ~ 
Parenting Skills WClI'bhop. . , 

Open to d UCSD atudenII who are ' 
parents and their ~ or-"annel'l; . 
this six-week ~ \YIn cover the 
topics of streSS ~, lime . 
management, ~n skiDs and 
parenting skiHs. The 'olIINkshop begillJ 
with the first ~ssioD~1'IIesday, Aprtl 16 
from 3:30 10 5 pm" Mesa 
Apartments, Room 19I1Q,.Miramar Road. 
Child care will IIso be provided free of 
charge in Room 3875 of Mesa. LP 

, 

I 

Thursday. Apnl 11. 1985 3 

Alexander is preSident-elect 

25 016 turnout for AS elections 

Out With the Old: Lame·duck AS President Marc &Jroditshy. 

By SEAN WAGSTAFF. News Editor 
Things went pretty much as expected in the ASUCSD 

elections Tuesday and Wednesday, with the RSVP sla te 
running away with a landslide victOry as its only real 
competition , None of the Above, lived up to its name, 
winning none of the offices for which its members ran. 

Mary Rose Alexander was elected AS president, and 
her RSVP runnmg mates won the offices of vice 
president of administra tion (Ariel Anguiano. who ran 
unopposed), vice preSident of external affairs (Greg 
Arnold), financial vice preSIdent Gill LI[schiz), and all of 
the commissioner poSitions. In all. RSVP won 15 
positions, nine of them unopposed. 

The scene was different in the College Senate race , 
which had a mixed showing of Independent candidates 
and candidates from the Three Revelle Reps slate and 
RSVP. Third College alone was swept by the RSVP 
phenomenon. . 

Alexander IS currently AS vice preSident and took 
the electoral victory after a narrowly unsuccessful bid 
earlier this year to become the UC Student Regent. OUt 
of many applicants for the year-long pOSition that is 
designed to give students a vote and a voice in the UC 
Regents, A1exaltder was one o[ three finalists for the 
position, but lost to a UC Davis student. 

The RSVP slate focused on the issues that deal wtih 
the lack of student involvement on campus, the alcohol 
limitations pr.oposed by the AdmInistration, the 
increase In s tudent fees, services and programs for the 
expanding campus, and gaining a louder voice for the 
students of UCSD through such organizations as the 
UC Student lobby. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > In With the New: AS President·Elecl Mary Rose Alexander. 

UCSD Associated Students Spring General Election 1985 
Candidates Slate 
PRESIDENT 
Harry Snyder None of the Above 
Mary Rose Alexander RSVP 
VICE PRESIDENT -ADMINISTRA TlON 
Ariel Anguiano RSVP 
VICE PRESIDENT -EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 
Donald Wight None of the Above 
Greg Arnold RSVP 
VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCIAL 
Michael Fausett None of the Above 
Jill lifschi% RSVP 
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC RELA TlONS 
Bamara Higgins RSVP 
COMMISSIONER OF COMMUNICATIONS 
Byron Morton Independent 
Michael Fahl»usch RSVP 
COMMISSIONER OF PROGRAMMING 
John Aliano Independent 
Joshua Beckman RSVP 
COMMISSIONER OF ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Peter Kim RSVP 
COMMISSIONER OF CO-OPS/SERVICES & ENTERPRISES 
Marie Steckbauer RSVP 
COMMISSIONER/CHAIRPERSON OF UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD 
Robert Lewis 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUI YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day Of Night 

LeARNING 
CeNTeR 

RSVP 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS. 

"' thil/k ,l/olI't'e limi afl'l(' tlH) lIIall,l/." 
"}'()// kiddi 1/, , call (iii VI' 

witlilll!! I'!Je.~ c/wwd.-

"YcJII'ue /tad IIH) lill/cli to (h1l1k, 
lei 11/1' drive.-

"Nol>ody drit'e.~ 111,1/ ('(ll'bllt lIIe: 

U.s. 0.,--01,, __ 11 

Muir Third 

211 116 
481 354 

524 377 

20L 118 
410 311 

217 127 
392 303 

510 358 

262 192 
339 291 

278 177 
328 251 

517 389 

513 262 

507 354 

Revelle 

165 
395 

445 

L82 
340 

171 
343 

417 

231 
280 

249 
261 

427 

428 

418 

Warren Grad Write·in TOTAL 

L59 I 652 
351 0 158L 

377 0 1723 

166 I 668 
283 0 1344 

157 . I 673 
286 0 1324 

364 0 1649 

nl 1 907 
220 0 1080 

252 1 957 
190 0 1030 

362 0 1695 

354 0 1657 

355 · 0 1634 

Pre-Season Sale 

20% OFF 
AU 'new 1985 Padre 

• T-Shirts • Hata 
• Pennants • Button. 

New Official Padre Colon 
with this ad only good thru i-17 -85. 

e fldlt6sffli 
orIN 7 DA Y5 • IItCHT5 



4 Thursday, Apnl 11, 1985 

Viewpoint 

Countering with the Contras 
By e.G, AURIO 

For centuries, the countries of Cenrral 
America have been dominated by 
foreign powers. ranging from Spanish 
colonialism [0 the banana republics . 
under the Monroe Doctrine. The Central 
American people as a whole have been un-
able to exercise their rights to self-determi-
nation in the internal affairs of their 
countries. A case in point is Nicaragua. 

Following the thoroughly justified 
overthrow of the Somoza regime in 
1979, a new era of foreign domination 
commenced for the Nicaraguan people. 
The currenr cozy relationship between 
Nicaragua's Sandinista leadership and 
the Soviet bloc has produced a new 
breed of tyrants in Nicaragua , beholden 
to the Soviet Union. As each day passes, 
Sandinista icaragua continues to lower 
the familiar iron curtain around its 
people, depicting yet another Soviet 
conquest in its relentless expansion of 
its growing empire. 

The Cuban Soviet Presence 
The SOVIet Union seldom if ever triggers 

revolutIOns; it grabs pawer inside a 
revolution. It Infiltrates revolutions and 
Infiltrates governments, and thIS IS 
ImpoSSible to combat by military means. 
From thiS, the lovers of totalttananlsm draw 
the sat isfactory conclusion that jorce can 
never triumph over the [Xople 's hope for 
Independence and freedom. Mistake! 
ConfiscatIOn oj revolutions and freedom 
movements is the surest way to stifle those 
hopes. The Nica raguans are among the 
most rea n! to have learned th is when. 
between 1979 and 1981 , they exchanged 
one jorm of despotISm for another. 

Jean- Francois Revel 
How Democracies Pensh 

Over the past decade, icaragua has 
become one of the countless victims of 
Soviet imperialism. The colonization of 
Nicaragua by the Soviet Umon. through 
ItS Cuban proxy. nears completion . The 
goal of self-determination for the 
Nicaraguan people 15 fadmg fast In the 
face of longevity and permanence; 
realities that pervade Soviet imperiahsm. 
In addition , the Soviets are masters at the 
art of deception . Theyadvance their brand 
of imperialsim under the banner of "wars of 
national liberation ." seeking to subjugate 
nations in the name of their people. 

It is unfortunate that Central Amenca 
has fallen into the context of the East-
West conflic t. The introduction of a 
Cuban / Soviet military presence in 

Icaragua , combined with its geo-
pohtical position , has thrust the entire 
region on to the center stage o f the 
co nfl icr. icaragua has been transformed 
mto a fo rward continental base for 
Soviet Imperialism. 

In a recent Guardian editorial (April 
4), "Freedom in mahgned Nicaragua." 
the editorial writer (MJC) eludes any 
reference to the Cuban/ Soviet military 
presence. The presence cannot simply 
be ignored. hoping that it will just go 
away. In effect , those who ignore it 
become knowing coUaborators. 
condemning the Nicaraguan people, as 
well as those of Central America, [0 the 
inevitable consequences surrounding 
unopposed Soviet-supported tyranny 
and aU its horrors. 

During the reign of the Somoza 
dynasty, the corrupt dictatorship's 
repressive policies were confined within 
the borders of icaragua. Somoza never 
exhibited an appetite for external 
expansion. In short, Somoza's repression 
was not considered a threat to his 
neighbors. I am nOt trying to legitimatize 
or justify the right-wing dictatorship; 
rather. to display an important 

delegations to the inauguration of 
undemocratically elected "President" 
Daniel Ortega Saavedra in January, 1985. 
An unopposed Sandinista Nicaragua, 
supported and controlled by the Soviet 
bloc, raises the question of self-
determination to heights of regiona'l 
dimensions. 
In Defense of Nicaraguan Free-
dom Fighters 

Presently, Nicaragua is engaged in a 
bloody civil war. The Nicaraguan 
Freedom Fighters have taken up arms 
against the Sandinislas. They oppose 
the Sandinistas for two legitimate 
reasons: 1) the Sandinistas have 
abandoned the original goals, social 
justice , freedom and democracy, of the 
revolution; 2) the growing dependence 
of the Sandinistas to the Soviet bloc. In 
the same Guardian editorial (April 4). 
the Freedom Fighters were subjected to 

1'1'; ,\ IE ':" 

difference between Somoza and the 
Sandinistas in the nature of their 
regimes. In contrast, the Sandinistas. 
mdebted to the Soviet bloc for their 
survival , are perceived by their 
neighbors as Instruments of Soviet 
expansion. In effect. the Sandinistas 
pose a direct threat to those non-
communist governments in the region. 

Honduras, EI Salvador and Costa Ri ca 
have become increaSingly uncomfortable 
with the Sandinistas' expanding 
relationship with the Soviet bloc. They 
fear that Nicaragua is fast becoming the 
staging grounds for sponsoring armed 
subversion against their governments , In 
EI Salvador, the Marxist guerillas have 
been receiving training in Nicaragua 
and Soviet bloc military aid . These three 
countries bordering Nicaragua all 
refrained from sending official 

an unfair lambasting by the uninformed 
MJc. 

War is hell; it is nOt at all uncommon 
for civilians to be killed in time of war. I 
am not implying that it is right; rather, 
it is unavoidable. Anyone with a limited 
knowledge about guerilla warfare 
understands the necessiry for guerilla 
movements to maintain a good 
relationship with the countrysic!e, where 
they predominantly operate. In 
Nicaragua, thl! civilians in the 
countryside provide the Freedom 
Fighters with information , food and , 
most importantly. manpower. For the 
Freedom Fighters to indiscriminately 
attack civilians would be 
counterproductive and plain foolish . 
During my stay at a Freedom Fighter 
camp m Jinotega, Nicaragua, I was 
exposed to their tactics. The overall 

EOIT~ PHUP lAI.X)EA 

strategy for the Freedom Fighters is to 
inflict casualties on the enemy-the 
Sandinistas-not to waste valuable 
rounds of ammunition indiscrimil)antly 
kiUing civilians. Furthermore, a 
significant portion of the people kiUed 
by the Freedom Fighters as. "civilians," 
the media have knowingly mislabeled. 
In fact, in most cases, these "civilians" 
were the enemy, either Sandinistas in 
civilian dress or Sandinista collaborators 
working against the cause of the 
Freedom Fighters. There have been 
isolated incidents of abuses or atrocities 
committed by the Freedom Fighters 
against civilians. However, these 
incidents have been distorted and 
blown way out of proportion by those 
opposed to the Freedom Fighters. 

Contrary to Mles editorial inference, 
the Freedom Fighters are not bands of 
former Somocista National Guardsmen, 
committed to reestablishing a right-wing 
dictatorship. The average age of the 
Freedom Fighters ranges from 15 to 23 
years old (give or take a few years). 
Most of them were too young to serve in 
Somoza's National Guard. There is a 
limited number of former National 
Guardsmen, but it comprises a smaU 
minoriry. Moreover, there are growing 
numbers of former Sandinistas who 
have deserted and joined the Freedom 
Fighters. The bulk of the fighting forces 
consists of Campesinos (poor peasants), 
who prefer to volunteer for the Freedom 
Fighters rather than being drafted or 
abducted ioto the Sandinista army or 
militia. 

As long as there is a Cuban/ Soviet 
presence in Nicaragua, it must be 
challenged as it is by the Nicaraguan 
Freedom Fighters. Their presence 
constlrutes a growing threat to the entire 
Western Hemisphere. The issue at hand 
is not Marxism/ Leninism in Nicaragua. 
In a recent interview with the California 
Review, former Secretary of State 
Alexander M. Haig remarked. "I happen 
to believe that an isolated Nicaragua, 
unsupported by Cuba or the Soviet 
Union , would collapse under its own 
,,(eight-would reject Marxism." The 
issue at hand is the consequences of a 
Cuban/ Soviet military presence on the 
North American continent. It entails the 
current threat to Central America and 
the future prospects of Soviet 
imperialism spreading down towards 
South America and north into Mexico. 
Once the presence has been removed , 
by diplomacy or by military force, then 
the people of Central America, 
particularly Nicaragua. will be able to 
exercise their right of self-determination. 

NEWS EDITOR: 5EN4 't.I~TAfF ~ MEWS IDIJlC)A, IIML ~ 
CONTIUDUTIHG MR'5 EDROAS: llVSMllC'Qr, M1IWO 

OPINIONS EDIT~ MAmtE\V J COONIN JUSlEC'IIWS DIOa& OM1C!IIA 
COI"f EDITOR: WI I-WlSEN PHOTO ~ POD FNEDDITtW. 5PC'IMS EDIft:Mt AIOl AGOS 
ARTS EDITOR: AN[N't.t KEEI.EI\ ASSOCIA1t AATS EDlTOA: ON YOU«i 

. . ......... , . ..... -. ..-. . ... -.,. .. ..... -.. . 

GMPHIC AAnSTS: ~ ASIUE. TOM R.ONI<A 
PHOTOGAAPHEP.S: JOHN ~ K£VtI FOLEY, D4W MNAIK\.NNI, /1,OGER MONP.OE. PNJLREtM:)NI), RICH 

PEOAl<. ANrlf SOffi.£Y 
STAFF' WlUTER5: M'Jl.K [)/\[ITEN OEI\G ETHAN mrm JOAN FOI\S(\mG. AN~ H.AIWON I\ONA I«J, VAN 

HUTCHIN50N ( H[lJSnNA KAUS /1,OOEAT lEONE JEFF MUHIC KalEY NEALl..PLM\AOU<IN 
DAWN WAAAlNm 

PASTE·UP ARTISTS: JOHN ~lEE. SHAAON NGa AlliSON PINSKY. DAVID AAIlOW S£N.I W~TAFF 
TYPE5ETTEP.5: KEN FU\lE J/IN HANSEN. PHUP 1.)00[/\. DANiEl THOM.\) 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: CHI\IS MIlK[ SKNDL J:lIAW)NO 

Thursday, Apnl J I , 1985 5 
~INIMa5. 

", _.,.~ c-;-::.~ , . 

ll~frfr~rr~n~{ill~rr~ll<e;ilitcerr~ll®frfr®rr~ll~frfr~rr~n®frfr~rr~ll®~fr®rr~n®frfr®rr~n®ilit®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll®ilit<err~ 
fr®rr$lettersll®ilitcerr~ll®llit®rr~ll®fr~®rr~ ll®tl:~®JY~n®tl:tl: ? rr~ ll~frfr®rr~ll®frfr<elf~n®ilit®rr~ll®frfr®rr~ll<e:fr 
rr~n®tl:fr®rr~ll®frfr<err~ll~tl:frcerr~ll®~tt®rr~n®ttLC~!f~n® 't®Ji~n®tl:~~Ir~ll®tl:~®Ir~n®frtl:®Ir~n®tl:~®Ir~n®frfr® 
Surreal Sandinistas 
Editor: 

The April 4, 1985 edition of the UCSD Guardian . 
with the large photo of a smiling Comandante Daniel 
Ortega Saavedra gazing Out through Big BrOlheresque 
eyes, has a misleading banner of "Perspectives on 
Nicaragua ," when , in fact , it contains seveml articles 
from only one perspective-that of the pro-Marxist left. 

While the Contras are undoubtedly not a 
homogeneous group of Thomas Jeffersons , I find your 
incredible pro-Sandinista bias inexcusable. You 
describe the Sandinistas' mistreatment of the Miskito 
Indians as if the present Nicaragua regime were 
actually looking out for their welfare by "forcing them 
from their homeland to less war-tom areas." I find this 
a rather slanted description of the program of 
genOCide the Sandinistas carried out against the 
Miskito Indians. 

While it is laudable that Nicaraguan revolution 
overthrew the Somoza dictatorship. the Sandinistas 
have betrayed that revolution by setting up an equally 
repressive , totalitarian regime . Despite the egalitarian 
frothings of the Marxist Sandinistas, the people of 
Nicaragua live in as great a poverty as ever, and are 
experiencing a declining standard of living, despite the 
millions of dollars of military suppon from the Cubans. 

Marxist economics have been proven a joke. a 
dismal failure as the Western capitalist countries have 
continuaUy outperformed socialist countries In 
technology, personal liberty, and standards of living. 
Rather than having the State "wither away" as Lenin 
promised. communist governments have . throughout 
history, grown larger and more repressive. Communist 
regimes replace nobility with a party elite: thai prey 
upon the populace with the same greed and resulting 
exploitation that one finds in a feudal system, 

I f, as the liberals would have us believe, the people 
of Nicaragua are so solidly behind the Sandinistas, why 
are thousands deserting from the Nicaraguan Army? 
Why must the Sandinistas drive trucks through viUages 
conscripting soldiers at gunpoint? A truly popular 
movement would have plenty of volunteers to support 
it. Why must the Sandinistas force the people of 
Nicaragua to join its Army through threats of death 
and acts of violence? In fact. why aren't the American 
liberals vehemently demonstrating in Managua to end 
conscription? Why do they continually ignore the 
repression of leftist regimes? 

The Gllllrdian lists several stories of Contra atrocities. 
You should look at the scars on my friend Rene 
Barbarenas where the Sandinistas ran barbed wire 
through his nose to tie him to a post and left him to 
die . If you have a really strong stomach'Jou can ask 
him about the death of his girlfriend an Sandinista 
bayonets. This certainly doesn't justify the barbarous 
ac ts of the Contras. but the Sandinistas are no flower 
children either. 

In using such haUowed tOnes to describe the beauty 
of the Sandinistas. your editorial ignores the fact that 
there is no freedom as we know it in Nicaragua, and 
no hope of finding freedom if the present regime is 

allowed to carry on as it has. It is ludic rous to say that 
Nicaragua has self-determination under the 
Sandinis tas. The election you describe so wonderously 
was a farce . In keeping with Marxist-Leninist ideology. 
the State-run media only allows the people to hear the 
propaganda it WdntS them to hear. Reporters visiting 
Nicaragua have found the people afraid to criticize the 
government on camera or when soldiers or possible 
Sandinista agents are near. With strict control over the 
information available to a largely illiterate population 
and suppression of public criticism. it is no surprise 
that the ruling Sandinistas won the election. 

As politicians are apt to do, there is no doubt that 
President Reagan overstated his case in describing the 

Doonesbury 

OFFICI OF CAMI'US RECREATION & 

virtues of the Contras, They are a d iverse coalit ion , 
ranging from past members o f the Somoza National 
Guard to Marxists that Originally fought alongSide the 
Sandinistas in the revolution against Somoza. However, 
they are the best option available to the US to pressure 
the Sandinistas to reform their totalitarian ways. 

The United States has a strategiC interest in limiting 
communist influence in Central America. It has a moral 
duty to promote human rights throughout the world , 
and to use its influence to obtain the freedom of 
oppressed nations when it can. The only inklings of 
reform from rhe Sandinistas have come as a direct 
result of US pressure ap>ied through the Contras. 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

(flHANf)r 
PIAl¥) 

W/~. 
/ 

INM6ER. 
TH~/S 
8IJ51/e.fS. 

I ~ 
-W.~II./ 

RESUME SERVICES THE UCSD/LA JOLLA JAZZ EHSEMaLE PRESENT 

A sharp, professional resume says a lot about you. 
Come to Klnko's for crisp, clean copies of your 
resume on specialty papers with matching envelopee. 
It's fast. Affordable. And very ImpressIve. 

kinko·ss 
457·3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 



6 Thur;day, Apnl II , 1985 
I!\IC 

ll<e;~~<elf~ll ce~~ce:If~n ~fctt 
~<e;If~lettersll~~~®1f 
< CONTINUED fROM PAGE 5 ( 

The US must do everything it can to 
avoid placing its combat troops in 
Central Ameri a, the best way to do this 
is by the use of other measures to 
contain communist aggreSSion and 
discourage totalitarianism. Those who 
are truly interested in the welfare of the 

icaraguans, and not JUSt Marxist 
rhetoric, would suppOrt the formation of 
a truly democratic government with a 
free-marke t economic system and a 
private , censor-free pre s. This may be 
too much to hope for In the near term , 
but at least the US c<ln for e the 
Sandlni tas to be ome responsive to the 
call for freedom that p rompted the 
overthrow of the omoza regime 

Ending U aid to the Contras Will 
take away the most effective method of 
reforming the Nicaraguan regime, and 
leave us only With less palatable 
alternatives. 

Christopher M. Schnaubelt 

Sick sics 
Editor: 

I'd like to put In my two cents about 
John Trumpler (AS Comm. for Appt's 

and Eval's) . ... 
1) JT. has dysleXia, F.Y.l. I don't 

know why he did not have his writmg 
proofread, as he usually does , but the 
man's no dummy. The disparity between 
the conte nt (the sensible message of the 
letter) and the form (the horrendous 
spelling) is obvious; that i a primary 
tool for detecting disabilities like 
dysleXia. 

2) Printing that letter as is was for no 
other reason than to humiliate him; 
what a lovely campus editorial policy. 
Would you like to print my grades this 
quarter? 

Actually John's gOl nothmg to be 
ashamed of, as he knows. Like chickens 
we Will try to peck out the eyes of a 
misfit but as humans (some of us 
anyway) we can steel ourselves to this , 
or run , or fight , or stop domg thiS and 
look more closely at the other's feathers. 

low, John may be dyslexic , and I may 
be a fowl (sic) writer, but let's StOp this 
B.S. and give each Other support instead 
of knives m the back. We'll get enough 

Keep up the good work. 
Katie Thompson 

Editor's Note: On Fnday aftemoon, Apnl 5, 
we received John T rumpler's leuer along 
wilh Ihe rest oj the malf Although John 
called us ro ask what the deadline Jar letters 
was, ht did nor request rhat we conrecr his 

spelhng and I(ralllll1aticall11istakes. We did 
not know oj John 's dyslexia, nor oj his 
usual procedure oj submitting written 
material. We thought at the time that John 
had been quite careless In his wnting and 
had Ihought that the Guardian was a 
flimsy publication that pnnts anything, 
regardless oj the time and effort involved. 
We were wrong and apologize 10 John 
Trumpla and the rest oj UCSD Jor thIS 
unJortunate error. 

No professionalism 
Editor: 

I wish to protest the perfunctory 
dismissal you gave to the letter from C. 
Brandon Crocker in the Monday, April 8 
Guardian. 

Let my position be clear. I personally 
despise the strident and often 
mcoherentjingoism of the Califomia 
Review and believe the publication'S 
conservative hate-mongering to be an 
msult to my intelligence and , 
presumably, the vast majority of 
intelligences within the university. I do 
not presume Mr. Crocker's veracity, 
either: his statement as to the 
importance of his publication'S latest 
endeavors may well be exaggerated. 
Nevertheless, if what Mr. Crocker stated 
was correct, then the actions undertaken 

,",' .~ « .... .. ~ 

by the Calilomia Review in winning the 
preliminary injunction to secure office 
space on campus were indeed 
newsworthy, if only ominously so. Your 
newspaper's failure to report the event 
was a disservice to its readership; your 
cavalier retort to Mr. Crocker's que\)' 
was a smug insult to the same. The 
students of this campus deserve 
journalistic integrity in their most 
widely-read campus publication; they do 
not deserve the gratuitOus and immature 
"frivolity" of such editorial responses. 

Scott Begg 

Letters to the editor should be 
double - o r triple-spaced and 
addressed to the Opinions Editor, 
the UCSD Guardian , B-OI6, Lajol\a, 
92093. All submissions must include 
the author's phone number and 
signature; in special cases the name 
will be withheld upon request. 
Letters greater than two pages in 
length will be printed as 
·Viewpoints" and will be edited for 
grammar and style. The Guardian 
reserves the right to edit for clarity 
and space considerations . 
Deadlines are noon Friday for 
Monday editions, noon Tuesday for 
Thursday editions. 

Thursday, Apnl 11, 1985 7 

Local CalPIRG plans to continue lobby 
By LIL YS McCOY, Contnbutmg News Editor 

THE CALIFORNIA Public Interest Research Group (CaIPIRG) has vowed to fight the decision to 
veto its fee payment referendum. 

The group has informally requested 
the assistance of Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson in its battle to appeal the 
move , according to Kim Paulus, chair of 
CaIPIRG's statewide board of directors. 

"I think it's prelty clear," Paulus said, 
"that Dr. Watson is nOl going to honor 
the student vote, and that is why we are 
calling on the Chancellor to step in ." 

After a meeting between the 
Chancellor and CalPIRG Tuesday, 
Atkinson said that he planned to 
research the issue further, but, at this 
time, he agrees with the veto decision 
made by Watson, Paulus said. 

"The students of this campus are 
really going to have to come out-after 
showing the Widespread community 
support through the electoral process-
and communicate to the Chancellor 
their strong support for CaIPIRG, 
because he hasn't felt it yet," she said. 

Referendum #6, which was widely 
endorsed by the AS Council, proposed 
that a $3 "voluntary fee" be added to the 
minimum total students are required to 
pay, with a written option aUowing 
students to deduct the amount from the 
given tOtal. 

Watson has said that CaIPIRG's 
referendum is "unacceptable" and 
"misleading." He stated that studenrs 
must be clearly informed of the absolute 
minimum fees they must pay to enroU, 
according to University policy, and that 
CaIPIRG's proposed form does not do 
that. 

Watscn has said repeatedly that a so-
caUed "waivable fee" form of the type 
advocated by CalPIRG fails to meet 
University requirements that caU for 
mandatory and voluntary fees to be 
listed se parately. Therefore, the 
referendum will be ignored and a form 

Elections 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3( 

The referenda an passed, mostly by a 
fairly wide margin, but because 2,741 
votes were cast by an eligible pool of 
slightly more than 11 ,000 fee-paying 
undergraduates (24.8%), the 
constitutional fee lock-ins and the 
CalPIRG fee referendum will all hang in 
limbo until the founh week of the 
quarter, when official enrollment counts 
are made. The constitutional lock-ins 
must be approved by a majority of 25% 
of the voting pool, while the CaiPIRG 
measure must receive majority approval 
of 19% of the total UCSD enrollment, 
including graduates, to qualify for 

listing four payment options will be 
used instead, Watson said . 

According to Paulus, "The thing that's 
so frustrating is that the democratic 
process is not being respected ." 

Paulus believes, as do her co-workers 
at CaIPIRG, that their form states the 
choices in an easily understood fashion . 

"(Students will) know the minimum 
they have to pay in order to enroll, 
because it is so blatantly clear on the 
(proposed) registration form . I haven't 
talked to one single student who 
thought it was confusing," she said. 

Before elections, Watson suggested an 
alternative to CaIPIRG's referendum. His 
proposal gave students the choice 
between "Form A," which included two 
payment options-minimum registration 
fee plus the $3 for CaIPIRG, or the 
minimum registration fee plus CalP1RG 
and health insurance-and "Form B." 

Form B is the format which the 
Administration has decided to 
implement regardless of the referendum 
results. The form offers four payment 
options: minimum registration fee , 
minimum registration fee including a $3 
donation for CaIPIRG, minimum 
registration fee, including health 
insurance only, and the minimum 
registration fee including CalPIRG and 
health insurance, 

According to Paulus, the two-form 
choice proposed by the Administration 
is undemocratic. 

"The way a democracy works is that 
someone brings forward a proposal and 
people vote yes or no on it .... You don't 
offer alteJl1ate proposals from the 
opposition, the opposition campaigns 
against you," she said. 

UCSD's CalPlRG chapter would have 
to fold if Form B is implemented , Paulu~ 
said. 

"(Watson's) form won't fund CaIPIRG. 
With his form, CalPIRG will not be on 
this campus next year," she said. 

voluntary fee status. The Administration, 
however, still intends to ignore the 
CaiPIRG referendum, passed or not. 

As a result of the newly adopted AS 
Constitution, there will be three vice 
preSidents next year. The vice president 
of administration is responsible for 
managing UCSD personnel, acting as 
preSident in the event of her absence, 
and acting as chairperson at Council 
meetings. The vice president of external 
affairs will oversee aU external affairs of 
the ASUCSD on a local, state and 
rtational level and will serve as the 
Student Body Presidents' Council 
representative. The financial vice 
president will advise the president and 
the Council on all budgetary malters, 
develop procedures to generate income, 
oversee ASUCSD poliCies and 
procedures concerning the use of 
activity fees, and assist in student 
organizations' budgeting procqses. Ii:J 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 

Laurie and Kathy 
Women $12, reg. $25 
Men S10, reg, $19 
For appointment , please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Or., Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(behind EI Torito & Kodeo · directly across the ramp) 

The major problem, Paulus said, with 
the Administration's proposed format IS 
that the $3 fee is labeled a donation 
instead of a waivable fee, something she 
sees as discouraging students to support 
CaIPIRG. Paulus maintains that unless it 
seems like a majority of the students are ' 
helping to fund CaIPIRG's programs, 
then very few people will pay the 
elevated registration fee when faced 
with a lesser one. 

But Watson has emphasized that only 
two types of fees are recognized by the 
University "from the President and the 
Regents on down ," and that both types 
must be listed separately, he said . 

"In the best of all worlds," Paulus said , 
"( students would pay the extra $3), but 
with the waivable fee system, people will 
see that (the fees) include CaIPIRG, and 
they'll pay it, whereas with the donation 
system, they'll JUSt pay the lowest 
amount" 

She is also convinced that student 
support is what should determine if an 
organization should remain on campus, 
not the finanCial decision of an 
administrator. 

'The issue is, do students want to 
fund CaIPIRG, or do they not? If 
students don't want to fund CalPIRG, 
then they vote no," she said. 

But they haven't been voting no. In 
1978, a measure similar to ~ferendum 
#6 was ?assed and implemented until 
1982, Pallus said, when the 
Administration made changes on the 
registration form , without consulting the 
students, turning the waivable fee into a 
donation. 

In reply to the administrative move, a 
referendum was placed on the 1983 
ballot which readdressed the CalPIRG 
fund ing issue . Students voted in favor of 
this measure also. However, the 
confirmation of support was ignored 
and the $3 amount remained a donation 
request on the registration card. 

During CaIPIRG's most recent attempt 
to rally the students, 6,000 students 
signed a petition supporting a voluntary 
fee which would be included in thetr 
enroUmenr total. 

"By adding (the $3) in , it makes it a 
fee and it givss it a legitimacy that a fee 
implies. When students show enough 
support for something that they're 
willing to tax themselves ro make sure 
that the program goes on and is stably 
funded , then that shows a level of 
student support that is necessary (for 
such a program to exist)," Paulus said. 

CaIPIRG, which is required in its 
bylaws to have documented student 
suppOrt, usually through the ratification 
of a volunrary fee , needs these 
guaranteed funds to operate. 

"In order to be able to hire staff and 
ro do long-term planning, there needs to 
be enough suppOrt on campus that 
students are willing to pay a fee, 
because othetwise we can't hire lawyers, 
researchers and lobbyists to help us do 
what we want to, if there is no 
guarantee that student suppOrt is there ," 
she said. 

Since the winter of 1982, Paulus said , 
UCSD's CalPlRG has been subsidized by 
other statewide chapters. 

She confirmed that this essentially 
means students at other campuses have 
been mdirectly supporting our chapter. 

Those subsidizing the UCSD chapter 
include UC Berkeley, UC Santa Cruz, 
UC Santa Barbara and UCLA, all of 
which are funded by voluntary fees 
similar to the one proposed here , Paulus 
said . 

According to Paulus, the statewide 
board, which voted the last three years 
to underwrite UCSD's CaIPIRG, has 
decided to discontinue its support and 
close the chapter here. 

"It just wouldn't be fair (to) continue 
this way. It sets a bad precedent. We're 
leeching off the rest of the chapters," 
she said . ~ 

Boy, 
Have We Got a Bargain 

For You! 
We'll tell you how wonderful you are, we'll fIX 

your mistakes, we'll pay you for them, and then 
we'll put your name all over them and print them in 
BIG BOLD LETTERS. All you have to do is 

Write News For the Guardian 
For info, contact Phil or Sean at 452-6580. 

Fa.m:l1y Pl&1lIl1ng: 
a, choIce, a responsIbWty 

oem"d ...... ., • ~I ... cm., • ~. 

• Oyneoologloal exams 
,..,., FtuItJl] P,.,.,... 
--- A.a«UlUs !f.di"" GnHIp 

SulDiItl 
&W6 AI'fINdo Rd. 
(111)---



Who's right and who's left out 
By VALERIE GULICK 

Dr. Knstin Luller (PhD, Yale) IS all 
assoCiate professor III the oCiology, 
Deparrment, speClalc:.lI1g 111 rh e area oj 
socl{ll psychology, demography, mamage, 
jar11l/y, medical SOCIology, and rhe SOCIology 
oj men. Besides Abortion and the Polincs 
(1984), Dr. Luker also wrOle Takll1g 
Chance: Abortion and th DeCISIOn Not 
to Contracept (1976). 
Guardian: What made you interested in 
this topic of abortion, and what were 
the processes involved in writll1g the 
book? 

the mode, don 't have a lot of time or 
patience for people on the other side. 
G: I get the impre sion that both sides 
can't come to any agreements, or reaUy 
talk to each other. They seem to be 
really polarized . 
L: And they don't have a language in 
common that the other side would 
understand. Their expeTiences are so 
different, their values are so dilT~rent, 
that ~ven to have an ordinal)' 
onversatlon wOljld caU into question 

most of the things they believed in. 

Prolife ProChoice Prolife ProChoice Prolife Pro 
rolife ProChoice ProLife ProChoice ProLife Pr 
oLife ProChoice ProLife ProChoice ProLife P 
olife ProChoice Prolife ProChoice Prolife 
Life ProChoice ProLife ProChoice ProLif 
ife ProChoice ProLife ProChoice ProLif 
fe ProChoice ProLife ProChoice ProLi 
fe ProChoice ProLife ProChoice Pro 
fe ProChoice ProLife ProChoice Pr 
e ProChoice ProLife ProChoice P 
ProChoice ProLife ProChoice P 

about people who are brain-dead , 
people who have terminal illnesses or 
infants who are born very seriously 
disabled . I think that whar. is going on 
in our SOCiety is that medical technology 
has expanded the array of choices that 
we have to make. It is very imponant 
for us [0 have a discussion of who's a 
human. When , If at all, do you obtain 
your right to humanness? When do you 
lose your right to humanness? Under 
what conditions are you considered a 
member of the human community? In a 
sense , that is the deepest debate going 
on, and that's the one that's never 
expliCitly talked about. It jusr gets 
focused on embryos. What Hatch and 
Helms argue is that life begins at 
conception . In a sense, that begs the 
question. Why is conception the 
legitimate point for deciding an entity is 
a member of the human commumty? I'm 
not sure I have the answer. What they 
don't say is they think that everybody 
who's genetically human is <I member of 
the human community. Well , it seems to 
me to lead to the system, for instance, 
111 Italy, where if you're dying of 
termin,11 cancer, you need a kidney 
transplant and your name is next on the 
itst , you get the kidney transplant even 
though you're d}1ng because evel)'body's 
a human , all humans have equal rights 
[0 resources, and it would be morally 
wrong to make deCisions among 
humans. In the United Stdtes, we've 
tended to make another decision; which 
is to say, first come, first served, but 

happens In the abortion debate is that 
there are two scven-year-olds, standing 
on a street comer going: 

"Baby!" 
"Fetus!" 
"Baby'" 
"Fetus!" 
"Baby!" 
"Fetus!" 
"Baby killer!" 
"Hangers! " 
"Baby kille r! " 
"Rusty hangers' " 
It is obvious to one side that it is a 

baby, and it's obvious to the other side 
it is a fetus. It is also obvious that 
neither side has the good sense to tl)' 
and explain why they believe that. 
G: It goes back to that no middle 
ground Issue. 
L: And no language. These are people 
who have grown up sheltered from 
these issues, or from people who have 
dilTerent opinions on these is ues . 
These values are so deep that people 
don't know how to defend them. 
G: It is a vcry ditTrrent \Vay of speaking 
on both Sides. 
L: Imaginc a debate hetween rou and a 
friend if both of you said , at the outset , 
we don't know if it is a baby or a felus. 

obody can prove It The per onhood 
of the embryo IS like the existence of 
God. God mayor may not exist, but I 
can't show you any facts. Imagine that 
debate If you set out at the very 
beginning that we don't know if it is d 

roChoice ProLife Pro Choice ProLife ProChoice ProLife Fro 
roChoice ProLife Pro Choice ProLife ProChoice ProLifePro 
oChoice ProLife Pro Choice ProLife ProChoice ProLife P 
Choice Pro Life Pro Choice ProLife ProChoice ProLife Pr 

...... ----------....... ProChoice ProLife ProChoice P 
Luker: I Starting wrllIng this book G: During the research , did you see 

~~~~~s~n~ ~jo\;;i:~a~ ~~~s~v~~ok in :;;~e~~n~?~lng to come to any e ProChoice ProLife ProChoice P 
pubhshed th ere was a 1m of interest in L: The best metaphor I can come up e PrOChOI" ce P~OLlo £.e P~OChOlo ce Pr 
my research about why people don't use with is the anti-war activISts . They I.' l' I.' 
contraception . So I ended up going didn 't want to come to any agreements 
around the country, son of on a talk- with the Pentagon, thank you. What was Ce PrOChOI"Ce ProL!Ce ProChOI"ce Pro show Circuit for smaU towns, family In it for them with an agreement? l' 111 
planning groups and state health Nothing. That was the enemy. And by C P Ch" P LO C P Ch ° P L" 
departments, talking about the theol)' I the same token , the Pentagon had Ie ro Olce ro lIe ro olce ro I 
generated In the first book about why absolutely no incentive in leammg how C P Ch C P Ch f 
people don 't use contraception, and that to get along with the anti-war protestors. ile ro oice ProLiIe ro oice ProLi 
gave me a vel)' early opportunity to see They had very dilTerent interests on 
how emoti onal and powerful the each side. Nothing could be gained by Life ProChoice Prolife ProChoice Prolif 
abortion debate was becoming. I talked trying to cooperate. 
to people on airplanes and around the G: Did your views change as you were olife ProChoice Pro Life ProChoice ProLife 
countl)' about abonion in 1971 and interviewing the people? You mentioned 
1972. and came to see it was gOll1g to you became more interested in the oLife ProChoice ProLife ProChoice ProLife P 
be a very potent Issue . d fr Ik d d h 

G: As I was reading the book, I got the 
distinct Impression that there were twO 
vel)' opposi te Sides; the pro-lifers and 
the pro- hOlcers. You brought that up. 
saying that the twO movements had 
su h difTerent ways of lookmg at the 
issues of abortion , women and 
motherhood , they couldn't really come 
together Did you find anybody who 
struck a middle ground? 

L: Well, no, because I was interested 111 
aCtIVists and 1:'S probably true most 
people , the Jane Does and John Does, 
are more middle-of-the-road , more 111 
between these twO extreme positions. 
People who are that dedicated, whatever 

ch~~~en~~/~; ;~!r°~~:~fse a;~~t~~e t at [oLiCe ProChoice ProLiCe ProChoice P[oLife Pr 
issue] 

L: No, I don 't think it changed my 
fundamental behefs about the issue. It 
did make me realize how much more 
complicated the issue IS. I learned a lot 
intervlewmg people on both sides of the 
issue. I came to believe that one 01 the 
tragedies of the abortion debate IS that 
all the emphaSIS is on whether or not 
abonlon is right or wrong, rather than 
the more fundamental question of how 
do we deCide who's a member of the 
human community] Whal kmd of 
ground rules should we use to deCide If 
this embryo IS a member of the human 
community or not? Because If you talk 
about it that way, then you Start talking 

with etficacy. The person who's most 
likely to sUivive should get the kidney. I 
think what I'm trying to say is, what 
grounds do we use for deciding 
somebody's a member of the human 
community) In the Italian case, they say, 
"yve don't care if he's dyin,g of cancer. 
He's Just as human as the guy who's 
got kidney failure . We know if we give 
Person A the kidney, they'll die in a 
year If we give Person B the kidney, the 
odds are they'll live 30 years, but we'll 
give 1t to A anyway." 

What IS Important in a society like 
ours is for people to share that decision , 
or at least see that It gets made. I 
somctlmes get the ImpreSSIOn that what 

baby or a Ictus. There's no way we can 
decide if It IS a baby or a fetus. In a 
sense , you couldn't have the argument. 

G: Right. 

L: Each side is so committed to its 
premise that it can't begin to even have 
a dialogue with the people in the 
middle, much less the people on the 
other side. My data suggests thar you 
make up your mind pTt'tty early in 
adolescence, at least these actiVISts did . 
For them, information didn't change 
them a bit. If you believe 111 God, I can 
show you the eanhquake in Chile and 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

tForty .. Two' 
is a lucky 
number for 
local artists 

By JACK DURANT 
The La Jolla Museum of 

Contemporary Art's new show, 
Forty - two Emerging Artists, 
demonstrates the incredible artistic 
community which is developing in 
San Diego, San Diego has developed 
and matured as a city, and never 
before has there been so diverse and 
talented a group of artists as those 
included in this show, 

A productive artist community 
can only exist with an extensive 
support system of universities, 
galleries and patrons, creating a 
fertile environment. Only recently 
has this sort of environment come 
into being here in San Diego, 

The works themselves do not 
reflect the supporting environment 
of the artistic community but rather 
the physical environment of San 
Diego and the surrounding area. 
Because the artists are based in this 
area, there is a familiarity in the 
subjects portrayed. We see beach 
scenes and San Diego nei2hbor-
hoods, the Mexican border and the 
military. 

Several artists who are or were 
connected to UCSD have work 
featured in the show, The best of 
these is Ernest Silva, whose paintings 
demonstrate a deep dedication to 
paint and composition. There is no 
confusion in Silva's works; he solves 
all of his problems off the canvas, 
loading the scales in his own favor, 
Silva teac.hes painting classes here at 
UCSD. 

Frank Cole is a former UCSD 
student and has done a very exciting 
installation piece especially for the 
exhibit, His Tower of Power is a 30-
foot-high oil-derrick-type structure 
on top of which sits a giant 
armyman's head on top of which 
floats a helicopter. Cole's piece is a 

reaction to his own military 
experience and to the constant 
presence of the military in the San 
Diego area, Scrawled upon the tower 
is a sardonic limerick emphasizing 
the tragic quality of the hero 
mentality. 

One aspect of the show that is not 
usually included in art exhibits is 
fashion design, and one of the 
designers is also a tJCSD alumnus. 
Margaret Honda's fashions create a 
ceremonial s~nsibility of ancient 
ritual by layering rectangles of 
greyish blue natural fibers. 
Alternatel y she uses large amounts 
of pleats to build out from her figure 
while at the same time exposing parts 
which are not normally exposed . 

There is an incredible range and 
diversity of talents and ideas in the 
show. With 42 artists there are lots 
of wonderful pieces to satify every 
viewer's eye. This is not to say that 
all the works are good, Much of the 
work is experimental, and in all 
experiments there are successes and 
failures, Overall, it is the best show 
I' ve seen in years and I recommend it 
very highly, The museum is free on 
Wednesday nights and only a dollar 
for students the rest of the time. For 
more information, call 454-3541. 

SUI11111er Sessiol1 "85 

May 20-June 14 
Intersession 
June 17-~u,ust 9 
Main SesSIOn 
June IO-August 16 
Lan uage Worksho S 

0/ the summer To obtain a free copy .' f,,11 infor-
II . contamlng J- ~' . Session Bu enn, I' t'on call or write: 

mation and an app lea I , 
S""....r S,uioll 
22 Wheel,r Hall 
UC BtrUI,y 
Berkeley, CA 94nO 

Telephone 
(415) 642 -5611 

NatM --------
Address ----------

Wick Alexander's "Dos Judo.., 1984" (cop) and l.m4is Hock's untitled piece aTe 
two eJUlmples of ~ wried styles and mediums at the ~MCA's "Forty-Two 
Emerging Artists" exhibit mat TUns thTough April 28. 

• a unique 
opportunity 

for 
Math/Science 
(M~jon/Mlnors/Aptllude.) 

For you .nd for the world. PeKe Corps will combine 
your educ.tion with trAin in. to prep.re you for. 
volunteer position in: • Education • Fisheries • 
Health. A&riculture • foreslry or other .re ... You'lI 
meet new people. le.rn. new I.n' .... e . experience 
• new culture and pin a whole new outlook. And 
while you"e buildin, your future, you' lI be helpin, 
people in dev.,lopinl countri". Ie.rn the ~iu of 
t.,chnolocic.1 idvM>cement. 
_0 ..... 
I11U. AVAlIMIII 
IECIM1ERS ON CAMPUS 
~I 16 & 17. 10 am-3 pm. on the Hunl>. 
FI.MS 
~I 16. 6 pm; AprIl 17, noon 
ReI.oeUe Intormal Lounge 
INlaYIEWSNIIL 11. t9 
SIgn up tcxb,l at eo.- Planning and 
Plcx:ement. Application rnJSt be ~ 
prior to Interview. 
For more Information coil 619-29~7088. 

April 11, 1985 Hianu S 



By RODDY BOGAWA popularity has finally surfaced with 
the surprise hit of the year. Rolling 
Stone and Musician have found their 
music distancing as well as 
intriguing. H ere lie a few young kids 
who haven' t lost their sensibility to 
the music industry suck-ups, and 
who are just as unabashedly honest 
in their music and concerts as they 
were when they started . Their 
albums are a collage of styles ranging 
from hardcore punk to blues and 
ballads to country-western. Rather 
than a forced attempt to leap from 
style to style, the music becomes 

~, .. ,n. M .... , 

jockey shorts, or the Arizona show 
where he "relieved himself" behind 
his amplifiers. 

00000000000000 

••••••• ~.I/~ fOlIa. ( 
There have been shows where they 

play almost all cover songs from 
bands like the Jacksons, Led 
Zeppelin, Thin lizzy, etc. On record, 
they've recorded "Black Diamond" 
(a Kiss cover), a country number in 
which they all switch instruments 
and on and on. 

This Friday is a special day. No, 
it's not the Friday Christ left to rise 
up again that very Sunday, but it is 
the night of what may be one of the 
best concerts of this year. Okay, [ 
heard Depeche Mode was good too, 
but this is a different league. This is 
the stuff great bands are made of. No 
frills, no fireworks (at least yet), no 
pretensions. Perhaps the only 
insistence The Replacements make 
on their audiences is that this is what 
they are, take it or leave it. This is 
where the magic lies. They would 
certainly be the first to tell you that 
they aren't rock stars or particularly 
glamorous, and don't travel to the 
tropics so they can sing and dance in 
their music videos. Simply, The 
Replacements are about tearing 
down the mythology of rock and 
roll. 

It is easy to find 
The Replacelllents 

So there you have it. I was or.ce 
told they had trouble touring 
because of their age, and that they 
could only tour on summer vacation 
from high school, so Friday will be a 
special show. They've left the 
brotherhood of Twin Tone Records 
who believed in them enough to 
release their first four records, and 
signed a major label deal with Sire 
Records. 

D 
Now, four albums, an EP and a 

live cassette down the road , their 
latest release-snidely titled Let It 
Be-has brought them into the 
limelight and the well-deserved 
credit long due them. Taken under 
wing by other musicians of 
substantital credentials, such as 
Exene and John Doe of X and Peter 
Buck of REM , who contributes a 
solo on one of the tracks off the new 
album, their underground 

their own bastardization and blend. 
However, the music has one 
co mmon root throughout-
conviction. You can bet The 
Replacements have a lot to say, 
whether it be humorous, hopeless or 
filled with teenage angst. 

Their concerts have become tales 
of conquest. like the Los Angeles gig 
where the lead guitarist wore only 

--------~~----~---ApriI18--------------------­
CABARET NIGHT AT THE PUB 

The Pub 
Free 

-------------------May 1-5 & 9-12------------
HEAT 

Directed by Regenu' Lectu"er Robert Woodnaff 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

8;00 pm/ 7;00 pm Sunday 
$, - $8 

M,ay 8·11 
ANGEL CITY by Sam Shepa"cl 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3.00 

-----------~y22-2S-----------
MUD", Maria I"me Fornes 

UCSD THEA TRE 
8;00 pm $3 .00 

-------------------May 30 - June 2------------------
UNDERGRADUATE THEATRE FESTIVAL 

UCSD THEATRE $.99 at the door 
(Times TBA) 

CALL .52-457. FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 
Ticlceu a..wlable at Weia Center TicJcet Office 

and Vniwnity Ewnu Bo.z Office. 

6 Hiaau April 11, 1985 

There has alwa ys been the drive to 
create music honestly, but also the 
drive to keep their sanity in an insane 
business. They play the court jester; 
the kid in the class who is made to 
stand in the corner; the unashamed 
youth we all must leave behind. 

They no longer have much trouble 
with their ages and are freer to do 
longer tours to promote themselves. 
For those of us who have grown up 
while they have, it's encouraging to 
know they have done it so gracefully 
and effortlessly. The success of The 
Replacements has shown that it's 
okay to fall flat on your face, so long 
as you get up. They'll be in concert 
Friday at San Diego State's 
Backdoor, so have fun. See you 
there. 

,.,.,.,. ..,Ie aI&I for _ 'Il (teg. '/3) 
,.,. ...... -"e cllCl for _ "0 I. 'U) 

IJlredIotuIl/CIfID U~ fteg. 1401 .sc.",.,. ...... fftdl M) ,,, ffflg. NO) 
..... 'CllAi. '""_ 'Uf. U3) eel..-- '15 f. '1!» 

OIIC,."",,.,. _.a lief '.J!» 
OllIe ,."", -. _ II!> llefI. 5.J" 

SpmIIiJls /" bYeIl ,.., 
A full JeI1IIcc »1011 

76()(J U,.. KrU lid. (1'faI Col,. 0,. W 16J) ...... , 
,.,.. ..... l/Dmtertll ~ .101,. Cutting Co.) 7J7 I"urt St..~ AX,. 

.,..",. .,..,.,!> 

One Way 
From 

Round Trip 
From 

$327 $558 
$399 $738 
$429 $738 
$379 $698 
N/A $798 
$399 $738 

Also nights 10 London, . Geneva and Niet . 
Our [ares include all IaxtS and chargts! 

c.I COUNCIL YUIIIL .., 
452-0630 

in the Sludem Cenler 
(ouncil Travel is the travel division of ClEE. 

AMERICA'S OLDEST CHARTER COMPANY 

Goings on Caruso 
Friday night in the Mandeville 

Auditorium, UEO presents San 
Francisco's Teatro Flamenco, 
whose performance will include 
every major form of Spanish 
dance, such as escuela, bolero, 
jota. folk and flamenco as well as 
dances from Mexico and 
Colombia. This special 
performance will be at 8 pm and 
you can get tickets through the 
Box Office and Ticketron and 
Ticketmaster. 452-6467. 

* * * 
Also in concert Friday night 

are Loudne .. and Warrior at 
the California Theater. Looking 
at the ad, I would guess that they 
use Marshall amps, play very 
loudly and wear mostly spandex 
and cheap leather. Tickets for 
you headbangers are available at 
Ticketmaster or can be charged 
by phone at (619) 232-0800. 

* * * 
Saturday night offers rwo good 

shows making this an extremely 
rich weekend for San Diego. At 
the Rock Palace on EI Cajon 
Blvd. will be Tex and the 
Honeheada plus support. The 
antics of this band ever since its 
inception have been certainly 
well documented and unexag-
gerated, as I was once wimess to. 
Once frequented by such friends 
as Jeffery Lee Pierce of Gun 
Club, Tex and the Horseheads 
have come into their own, 
releasing a debut L.P. receiving 
critical acclaim, and their Stage 
show is another story. 563-1066. 

* * .. 
A fjlm series, a rollicking 

musical, Grammy award-
winning jazz, and dance from 
France are spring quarter 
offerings from the Contempo-
rary Black Arts Program at the 
University of California, San 

• Diego, according to Program 

Chairman Dr . Floyd Gaffney. 
The film series is called Journey 
AcroSJ Three Continents, and will 
take place at 7 pm, April 13-14, 
in Peterson Hall 110. Admission 
is $3 . 

Broadway comes to the 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 pm, 
April 20, when the Friends of 
Contemporary Black Arts brings 
Ain'[ Misbeha"in' to UCSD. This 
smashing 30-number review won 
a raft of awards during the 1978-
79 season, including the New 
York Drama Critics' Circle 
Award, the Tony Award for Best 
Musical, and the Drama Desk 
Award. 

Jazz trumpeteer Wynton 
Maraali., who this season 
garnered two Grammy awards, 
will bring his quintet to UCSD 
for a performance at 8 pm, April 
23, in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. Along with 
Marsalis will be saxophonist 
Bradford Marsalis, a former 
member of the Miles Davis 
group; Kenny Kirkland on piano; 
Jeffrey Watts on drums and 
Chamett Moffet on bass. Tickets 
go on sale April 1 ; general 
admission is $15; students, $10. 
For information call 452-3120. 

* * * 
An exhibition of fashion 

designs by San Diego artists 
Marpret Honda and Carol 
Vidltrand will be exhibited in 
the Design Gallery at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
Tuesday, April 9, through 
Sunday, April 28, in conjunction 
with the Museum's all-media, all-
San Diego A San Diego 
Exhibi[ion: 42 Emerging Artists. 
Each artist will be represented in 
the exhibition by four designs 
shown on mannequins. The 
exhibition will be open to the 
public during Museum hours. 
For information call 454-3541. 

More is More, a major exhibit 
of 10 San Diego artists will 
continue at the Athenaeum 
Music and Arts Library and the 
La Jolla Public Library, located at 
1008 and 1006 Wall Street in La 
Jolla, through April 28. The 
show promises to be an exciting 
and critical event for San Diego 
art and runs concurrently with 
the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art's .. A San 
Diego Exhibition: 42 Emerging 
Artists ." The 10 artists who will 
be featured are Ellen irvine, John 
Brodie, Kathy Marshall, Gail 
Roberts, Tom Driscoll, Lynne 
Schutte, Aviva Rahmani, 
Marjorie Nodelman, Scott 
Schafer, and Brent Riggs. For 
further information call the 
Athenaeum at 454-5872. 

* * * 
On Monday, April IS, the La 

Jolla Chamber Muaic Society 
presents a special performance of 
Jaime Laredo, violin, Sharon 
Robinson, cello, and Joseph 
Kalichstein on piano as a trio 
whose selection will include 
Beethoven's Trio in G Major, 
Opus I, No.2, and the Trio in C 
Minor of Mendelssohn, as well as 
the Trio by Leon Kirchner. 
Tickets for this performance can 
be purchased by calling the La 
Jolla Chamber Music Sociery at 
459-3724. 

* * * 
Don't miss Animal Cafe! 

'playing their original music 
hearts out this Sarurday at the 
the Cafe , starting at 9 pm. Also 
playing at the benefit dance for 
the Sanctuary Movement will be 
the Amaronl. It's only $3 
(refreshments served), so go hear 

som~ great music for a good 
cause. 

Lockheed's SR-71 Blackbird. lenge your knowledge and define your imagi-
nation . A representative from Lockheed-
California Company will be on campus 
April 23 and 24. to discuss how you can 
turn those four years of tough engineering 
courses inlo a lifetime of challenge and 
achievement. 

The world's fastest, highest flying airplane. 
The plane created by Lockheed's famed 

Skunk Works team. A team of engineers and 
scientists that repeatedly meet technical 
challenge with unique ideas and creative 
solutions. 

\\e're working on many different high tech-
nology programs that will take us well into 
the 21st century. These programs will chal-

Sign up now al your placement office for 
a personal interview with the future. 

Lockheed is an equal opportunity, affir-

~. 

1~ (..J 0 .. ' t I 
. fo r-c..t 1\-1' .... 
L ' II J. t)'" .,... (~ 
/.. , ". l ,,~ 1 ; .. ~ 
nn~ r1>~~~ 

,, ', I..4r, '\ j, ,po .... 
it.. "~"r 

J--e _ ' t 

mative action employer. U.S. ci tizenship 
is required. 

~lockheed 
-Calllomla Company 

Burbank. CA 91520 
Gh-ing shape lo imagination. 

SKUNK WORKS and the skunk desi~n .rc re~istered 
service m.nks of Lockheed Corporulion. 
(} 19I\S l ockheed Corporatio n 

April II , 1985 Hi4hU 7 



. , 

NOTICE: 
Applications for all Revelle '85· 

"86 committees and campus-wide 
positions are now available . 
Completed applications are due in 
the Revelle Provost's Office by 
Thursday, April 18 at 4:00 pm. 

LUNCH WITH THE 
PROVOST AND DEAN 
Many times students have some 

com ments, concerns or ques!lons 
they would like to express to the 
Provost or Dean of Revelle College. 
Frequently. the students don't have 
the time or energy [0 rrack down 
rhe Provosr or Dean for rhe 
purpose of talking about these 
rhoughts. In order [0 make this 
process more convenient, the 
Provost and Dean are gOing [0 
create some luncheon opportuni-
ties to get [Ogether with rhese 
students. Each Friday. start ing on 
Friday, April 14th, the Provost and 
Dean will be having lunch In the 
Revelle cafeteria from 11:45-1 :00 
pm. Any and all students are most 
welcome to come and join them. 

The ProVOSt will also randomly 
invite a number of students [0 the 
Provost's lunch, three times during 
the spri ng quarter. Finally, the 
PrOVOSt and Dean will be Inviting 
the graduating semors [0 join them 
for lunch at the Revelle Provost 
Office in order to celebrate their 
graduallon and discuss their 
academIC and p e rso nal 
expenences at Revelle. I look 
forward to shanngyour comme nts, 
concerns or questlons at these 
times. 

-Hugh Pates , Ph.D. 
Dean of Students 

RJLALL A DREAM: BE 
THE WATERMELON 

QUEEN 
Picture yourself surrounded by 

the glamor and excitement of a 
beauty pageant Imagine that you 
have won and now proudly stroll 
before hund reds of cheering 
people. Think It'S ImpossIble? 
Well . thmk agaIn. You, yes, you can 
earn the respect of your friends 
and relarives. You have the chance 
[0 bear the coveted !Ide of Revelle 
Wa[ermelon Queen of 1985. 
ApplIcations Will be available on 
Mar I, and the pageant will be held 
on June 5. Live out your dreams, 
plan to audition to be the 
Wa[ermelon Queen 

UCSD PRESENTS OPEN 
HOUSE 

Plan to attend the UCSD Open 
House on Sundar. May 5, from 12 
noon TO 5 pm. Festivities include 
International foods , lectures, the 
finals of the College Bowl , tours, 
and di plays. Be sure to take time 
[0 see Revelle's Renaissance Falre 
(see below). For more information 
on Open House , contact Tom 
RUiter, 452-3800 

8 Hianu April 11, 1985 

A Revelle College Publication· University of Callfomla, Son Diego 

REVELLE RENAISSANCE FAIRE COMETH 
In conjunction with UCSD's Open House which will take place on Sunday, May 

5, Revelle College will present its annua l Renaissance Faire. The Faire will feature 
medieval music, food , entertainment, and games. Be sure to visit Revelle Plaza 
dUring Open House and take part in thiS special eve nt . 

ACADEMIC UPDATE 
Want to go ahead in your classes this quarter? Why not work on your study skills 

before finals? OASIS IS offering a series of study skills workshops and mini-courses 
this quarter to aid the student in Ihis endeavor. These workshops include: 

Mid-Term Prep. April 16 
Textbook Reading for Recall J April 17 
How to Concentrate at Will April 23 
GRE Prep. (Mini-Course) April 3-11 
Concentration & 
Creativiry- April IS-May 8 

a workshop in reading and thinking (mini-course) 
For more information , please go [0 USB 4010. 

Now that the first week of classes is over, you should decide whether to change 
your grading option from letter grade [0 pass/ no pass. If you wish [0 do this . you 
must first drop the course and then re-add it. No petitiOns for a change in grading 
op!lons will be accepted after the second week this quarter. This means tomorrow 
is the last day! 

Attention juniors and seniors! Interested in gaining experience on your major 
and eaming UC credit too? If so, obtain an "Application for UCSD Special Studies 
Course Enrollment" form from your major department office. Please note that you 
must have completed 90.0 units and have an overall GPA of 2.50 [0 apply. 
Remember [0 consult your professor and get any necessary Signatures before 
staning your project This, [00. must be completed by tomorrow. Good Luck! 

One last word to graduating seniors this Spring and Summer. Graduation is 
almost here and commencement ceremonies are in the final planning stages. 
Please check at the provost'S offi ce 10 see If your name IS on the graduation list. 
Summer graduates, be sure to submit a degree and Diploma Application as soon as 
poSSible . if you wish your name to be included on the spring commencement 
program. To all graduates! Congratulatlonsl 

-Ellen Caprio 

REVEllE ORIENTATION LEADERS 
The twelve Revelle stude nts selected to serve as Revelle Orientation leaders for 

1985-86 are DominIque Anderson ,Joan Belzer, Lisa Dietrich,Joyla Gregory, Robert 
Gross, Clare Hansen,JllI Llfschlz , Tobl Nagel.Julie Netkens. Ira Rubenstein, Kent 
Sasse. and Jennifer Shreiber. We congratulate them. 

BegInning with a seven week training session, the orientation leaders will se rve 
until "at least the end of the fall quarter of 1986." Their duties Include introdUCing 
IncomIng freshmen and parents to UCSD and Reve lle College. "Easing the 
transition for students from high school to college life. both educatIonally and 
socially, is the primary goal of orientation:' informs Yolana GarCia, Assistant Dean 
and advisor to the orientatIon leaders. Addillonally, the leaders Will plan and 
execute all events dealI ng with the four freshman orientations held during the 
summer. 

These t~elve students were chose n from a group of 60 who originally applied . 
The applIcation process entailed completing an applIcation, obtaining four 
recommendallon forms-two from faculty members and two peer 
recommendations-and partiCipating in a group interview with six other 
applicants. 25 fInalists were [hen chosen and part ic ipated in individual 
interviews. The twelve leaders were selected after careful review of all parts of the 
applIcation process. 

~arcia IS very enthusias~ic about thiS new group ofleaders, as she says, "I'm very 
exclled about the upcomIng year. We have a fanta tic, well-balanced group of 
students!!" 

- Barbara Steams 

A NOTE FROM ERNIE 
Revelle Dean Ernie Mon has 

been in England since the 
beginning of the year studying the 
British collegiate system. Right 

,now, he is at Keynes College, the 
University of Canterbury in Kent, 
England. He sent this leiter to 
Revelle Students: 

Greetings from Canterbury. The 
winter term here at Kent has JUSt 
concluded. and the mass exodus 
for mid-term break is underway. 
How reminiscent it all is of scenes 
at Revelle College JUSt before 
quarter break. 

Keynes College, where I am a 
member and have an office, has 
really become my home away from 
home. The students and faculry 
have all been most hfiSpitable and 
genuinely interested in sharing 
information about our collegiate 
universities. 

Apan from my study project, I 
have also gOllen around to visit 
some of our EAP students in 
Britain. (At Sussex. I met with Clare 
Thalken , Tracy Wasserman , and 
Diane Dumas. Two weeks ago, I 
had a great visit with David 
Craford at Leeds, and will soon be 
visiting Katie True in Stirling, 
Scotland. David and Katie are both 
from Revelle.) 

Back at Revelle , I know you have 
a very busy quarter ahead of you. If 
it doesn't sound too corny, I really 
do miss you all. Take care of the 
place, especially the Fountain, and 
I will see you all in the fall . 

-Ernie Mort 

REVELLE INTERNS 
WANTED! 

Have you been in the 
Community Center lately? You 
know, that place under Blake Hall 
with the 5¢ copier? If so. you 
probably have noticed the small 
office in the comer and the four 
wonderful, friendly, helpful interns 
who work there. If you are 
interested in working as an intern 
next year. pick up a Referral Slip 
from the Student Employment 
Office and then pick up an 
application in the Revelle Dean's 
Office. This application must be 
returned 10 the Dean's Office by 
Friday, April 26. The four intern 
positions are Commuter 
Programmer, Faculty/ Student 
Programmer, Noon Programmer, 
and Revellations Editor. Take a Job 
that is rewarding and fun-apply 
to be a Revelle Intem. Don 't Delay! 

COMMUTER NOTES 
Next Wednesday, April 17, there 

will be a Continental Commuter 
Breakfast held in the Community 
Center from 7:30 am to 9:00 am. 
The cost IS only 50¢ and It includes 
bagels. coffee, and orange juice. Be 
sure to join us! 

Sign-ups for Almost Anything 
Goes (MG) teams will be available 
in the Community Center from 
April 30 to May 3. Get your team 
together and sign up! 

tha wrltar's fi 

Next time, take the train 
By PHIL LAUDER 

T RANSPORTATION. You can't live with it, and you sure as hell can't live without it. 
There is a lot to be said about living 

in the dorms. You can walk anywhere 
you really need to go- and you can 
bum rides off friends if you want to go 
somewhere you don't really nud to go. 
like the Zoo or the Stadium or Fifth 
and Revoluci6n in Tijuana, places like 
that. 

Not so for commuters. 
One option that presents itself to 

many is relying on the bus. Ooh, ah. 
I have to say right off that I have 

never dealt with city buses on anything 
resembling a consistent basis. All 1 know 
is that they're not a lot of fun . 1 never 
even liked school buses myself, and 
school buses are fairly reliable, they 
don't steal your money. and they don't 
require transfers via Oceanside or 
Ocotillo. Also, at least you could throw 
paper wads on school buses. And 1 still 
thought they were a pain. I hated 
dealing with the jerks who sat on the 
inside pan of the seat and refused to 
scoot over-man, what is your problem? 
1 hated geaing on the bus when it was 
about two-thirds full ; look, someone is 
going to have to sit three to a seat-
who's it gonna be? I always tried to give 
a l-reak to the people who looked 
accommodating or sweet. and went for 
the seat with the dude who had a 
sudden urge to get Into a deep political 
discussion with the other person in the 
seat so that I wouldn't interrupt them 
and would move on. So 1 used reverse 
psychology. I don't know if it worked or 
not. All 1 know was that I was happy as 
a lark (are larks happy?) when either my 
parents or a friend's parents gave me a 
ride home-no bus today, what a 
shame. 

People who ride city buses live city 
buses., Their pockets can be heard for 
blocks, jingling with the exact change 
for the week's voyages. In their heads 
they keep the schedules for the 34 and 

Abortion 
< CONT1NUED FROM PAGE 8 " 
you'll say, "God works in mysterious 
W.lys." And conversely, if you don't 
believe in Gpd, I can show you a 
burning bush and you'll say, "Magic ." 
G: I wonder what would happen if 
medicine could come up with' an 
answer I about when Iile begins I? 
L: It never will. These really deal with issues 
of values, ethics, beliefs and history. So 
when Karen Ann Quinlan went into 
what has tumed out to be an irreversible 
coma, was she legally alive or not? 
That's not an answer that medicine can 
tell us. All it can teU you is that her 
brain function wasn't there anymore. It 
can't tell us whether to pull the plug. A 

tAMSTERDAM 
(\l LONDON 
WNDON .. , ... Sfi49 

)ll('\NSrOp 747 
AMSTERDAM ... '675' 

I1IAE/" n< I ~ 
Into WNOON.I.._&~ 5700 
Out of AMSTEIUJIUI'I • , 
Into AMSfERDAM, 
Out of WNOON , ••• '700 

1]00 on"" St . #200 
NewJ'Ort Beach 

A Q21-.60 
714-8~1 1787 
213 ~90-8Z00 

41 straight, at leaSl as far as they need 
to get home. Every day of their life 
revolves around the last run for the 
evening-last bus leaves at 6; I gOlta be 
out of here by then. When they need to 
get to San Diego, they rush over to 
EDNA and fill their pockets with those 
little folded-up schedules. Let's see, the 
28 leaves at 10:27, gets to Genesee and 
Balboa at 11: 19. From there I can 
tral1sfer to the 9, which leaves at 12: 12 
and gets to C Street at 1 :06. Then 1 can 
spend three hours walking around 

without them-we can't remember what 
it was like to rely on bicycles or friends 
or, gulp, buses to get around . We have 
an automobile. We are free to go where 
we like when we like. We have an 
automobile. We proud-say it again . 

And we have problems. 
My car is a 1978 Ford Fiesta. The 

Fiesta is actually a piece of garbage-it'S 
a cheap clone of the VW Rabbit, which 
is not a piece of garbage. A few years 
ago every car maker on the planet 
noticed that the Rabbit had a tendency 

I can spend three hours walking aroun~ 
Downtown getting nothing done, then catch the 9 
at 4: 12, transfer to the 28 at 5:30, and get home 
by midnight. Bingo, 

Downtown geaing nothing done, then 
catch the 9 at 4:12, transfer to the 28 at 
5:30, and get home by midnight. Bingo. 

But most of us don't deal with buses. 
No, we deal with cars. Ah, cars. You 
should understand that anything that 
moves is a pain in the butt, and is 
bound to break down when you really 
don't want it to-which is pretty much 
anytime, I guess. Cars are a pain. Let us 
forget for the moment about insurance. 
Let us forget about parking permits. Let 
us forget about Tunle Wax and Annor 
All and 53.99 car washes. Let us forget 
even about what a delight it is to 
purchase gas all the time. Let us instead 
focus solely on automobile reliability. 

There are some out there who receive 
BMW sedans every EaSIer, and have 
never had to deal with such proletariat 
activities as standing on the side of 
Interstate 805 pouring a jug of water 
into a steaming radiator. Excuse me, but 
these people can go straight to hell. No 
offense. 
. Which leaves the rest of us. We like 
our cars. We do. We are helpless 

lot of people think there will be this big 
leap in medicine . 
G: Since abonion is such a complicated 
issue, what have people thought about 
the book? Do they think it is a clear-cut 
analysis7 What has been the general 
reaction to this touchy subject? 
1.: The militant pro-choice and pro-life 
people haven't liked iI . But everybody 
else has tended to like it. The people 
who are very pro-choice are mad at me 
for not shOWing pro-lifers to be bad 
guys. The pro-lifers are mad at me for 
nO! talking a stand whether or nO! 
abortion is right or wrong. I say at the 
outset that is not my argument. I'm 
investigating how people come to have 
such different opinions in this realm 
when they have the same data, the same 
inforniation in from of them. One group 
of people looks at it and says "fetus," 
and the other group looks at it and says 

5 & 10 
RENT --A--CAR 

• STUDENTS. STAFF. 
• FACULTY. 

WELCOME 
QUALITY 

PRE-OWNED CARS 
CREDIT CARD 

-OR-
CASH 

CALL TODA Y FOR INFO. 
280!'9316 

~ 

to sell because it was a good vehicle , so 
all felt it was their dury to cheat the 
patent laws and make a cheap imitation. 
Ford was no exception, and the Fiesta 
was born. Don't get me wrong, it's a 
good car for the dollar. It's zippy and 
cute and gets pretty good mileage. 
But .... 

But it breaks down. At least now it 
does. I try nO! to take it personally. I feel 
I have a certain rappon with my car. 
His name, by the way, is Rocky. Not 
because he's a tough guy, just because ... 
well, because that's his name. that's all. 

Rocky and I have always gotten along, 
but lately he's been acting up. Like this 
morning-about an hour before I'm 
writing this. I was headed up a hill, see, 
and he decided to stan on a coughing 
fit. The hill was the hill towards campus 
on Torrey Pines Road . The place he 
decided to have his fit was that 
dangerous tum where you see skid 
marks and broken glass, the one where 
the road dips so that cars have to go to 
the inside of the lane just a little bit 
more, and not coincidentally that's 

"baby." I'm real interested in how that 
happens. So people who care very 
deeply about the morality of abonion 
are mad at me for not taking a stand. 
G: After you listened to them, I imagine 
people would feel decieved that "you 
fooled me. I thought you were on my 
side and you're not." 
1.: That didn't happen. Nobody said 
that. in a sense , there's a simiiar 
reaction which is, "How could she listen 
to aU these terrific women and not 
realize that abonion is murdering a 
baby? How come she wasn't 
convinced?" 
G: In a way, you represent a lot of 
people because people hear arguments 
from both sides and they still stay the 
same. I wonder if the two groups really 
take that into consideration. The same 
way they form their views in early 
adolescence, well , so does the rest of the 

Thursday. Apnl II . 1985 9 

where I was, pUlling along at ten miles 
per hour in a vehicle that was 
determined to end it all for both of us. 
It was very enjoyable and I recommend 
the experience to all who are bored with 
life. ~ . 

I can't complain toO much , though, 
because I didn't get stuck, and I didn't 
get rear-ended by a Buick. Rocky's had 
this disease lately, an on-and-off kind of 
thing. After a week of doing just fine, 
he'D get his coughing fit , usuaUy (but not 
always) while going up a hill, and then 
he'll be fine for another week. 

On-and-off vehicular diseases are the 
best kind . You don't know what the hell 
is going to happen when, and you 
absolutely cannot trust your car, even 
when you have to . The only real cure-
since the disease rarely flares up when 
anyone who knows anything about cars 
takes a look at the engine-is to have 
everything from the carburetor to the 
fuel tank replaced, which doesn't seem 
to be tOO fantastic a solution to me. 

• It would be so nice to trust my car 
again, to not have to worry when I take 
a 45-minute ride to the East County that 
I will end up in a ditch somewhere in 
EI Cajon. That would be nice. 

When most cars die on you, they do 
so with emphasis and with real desire. 
Boom. That's it. You walk, sucker. 
Believe me, 'tis a far beller fate to have 
that happen than to have the car be 
indecisive about its own fate. It would 
be nice if the death occurred in a good 
location, though , which doesn't happen 
tOO often. 

So, buses suck and cars break down, . 
and most of us don't like it. I don't 
reaDy know what to conclude about this , 
or what to suggest in the future, other 
than maybe we should all take a clue 
from the Chinese and ride a bike to 
work or school every day-even if it 
means a 20-mile trek each way. But if 
anyone wants to trade an '85 Rabbit 
with a 78 Fiesta even up, let me 
know. ~ 

population. They assume that if they 
give a convincing enough argumem 
they'll go to one side or the other. It all 
goes back to that middle ground issue, 
that polarization. Do you think with the 
political views as they are, with Reagan 
in his second term, that the abonion 
amendment will keep surfacing, or do 
you think that is past? 
1.: I think that is past. They couldn't get 
it off the ground. What's the point of 
wasting political capital over someth'ing 
that won't fly? 
G: I thought maybe you'd gotten a 
glimmer of the (uture of the abortion 
debate in your research. I wonder if this 
will keep going or stay as it is? 
1.: 1 don't know. It remains to be seen: 

Dr. Luner's booh is al.\li/ab/e in the 
boonstore under recent arrivals in [he 
5ociol0!?'y section , Ii:I 

Backpacking, Horseback 
riding, Sailing, Water skiing, 
Rough climbing instructors 
needed for High Sierra 
Summer Camp. 

June 27·AuKu8t 31 

We will interview interested 
applicants on Campus April 
11 and April 16. Please 
contact Judy Griffith in the 
Student Employment 
Center, 452-4500. 



10 Thl'rsdal', Apnl II . 1985 

LaCrossing Sticks 

Amy Roger had fwo assists and one goal 
In lase wuhend's game agamst Claremont. 

By CHRISTINA KAUS. 5/ajJ Wntet 
"I KNOW THIS I PREMATURE," 

said Jane Gnffith , player, coach 
of UCSD's women's lacrosse club, 

"but based on the way we played In the 
tournament last weekend, we could be 
one of the best tedms in California." 
This weekend's tournament In 
Claremont. where establIshed bcro se 
teams from Stanford and UC Berkeley 
Will also be competing, will be the 
deciding faclOr in detenninmg how 
good UCSD is. 

"Because they [Stanford and Call are 
already established teams, they have 
much stiffer competition. But I know we 
can beat them ," said Griffi th. "The way 
the girls played laSt weekend was 
amazing. They were really, really good. 
Our passing was incredible. And I 
swear. not one person dropped the 
ball! " 

The tournament to which Griffith IS 
referrIng was held at home last Saturday. 
The Truon first team defeated 
Claremont 12-0. "We played better than 
any team I've seen out here. Our 
defense shut them out!" exclaimed 
Gnfflth MVP for the tourndment (at 
least according to Griffith ) was Triton 
Kdren Bergan, a sophomore from lemon 
Grove . "She played really well 
defenSively," commented Gnffith. "It's 
hard ro believe she only learned how to 
play the game last year." She also ci ted 
the performances of freshma n Amy 
Mellencamp, sophomore Sloane Turner 
and Dana Compton as outstanding. 

Women's season gets underway 

Pool time for polo 
By DUNCAN MILLAR 

T HE WOMEN'S WATER POLO team opened Its season thiS past weekend with the UC Santa 
Barbam Gaucho Tournament in Isla 
ViSta , gaining two VlctOnes III four tries 

The Tritons defeated Stanford "B" 12-
5 and CSU Ha}'\vard 13-2, but fell to 
eventual champion Santa Barbara "K 9-
3 and California 7-4 III a tournament 
combming both open and I/ltercolleglare 
teams. 

"We were one of only a few trut' 
college teams In the tOurnament," UCSD 
coach Denny Harper said. Santa Barbara 
and Cal , according to Harper, each had 
several "non-collegiate all stars" 
(national-team-caliber players) on their 
side. Harper was encouraged that his 
squad played weU against these teams, 
which will be without their non-
collegiate players at the US Collegiate 
Nationals. The fact that the Tritons will 
play the whole season with the same 
group that played in Santa Barbara will 
be to their advantage when ationals 
come around . "Nationals (held May 10-
12 at Canyonview) will be great: Harper 
said 

tallIed nine goals, and Junior Kathaleen 
Layman, who added five . Goalie Jennifer 
Rennick had 25 saves for the weekend. 

lowe, a transfer from Modesto JC 
with seven years of club ball behind her, 
has emerged as one of the leaders of a 
team which lost its two tOp scorers from 
a year ago in Dldl Sleinhoff (who 
graduated) and Jenny Hohne (who 
transferred to UC 1r.' Ine). "I was a little 
disappointed ," lowe said, "when I first 
worked out with the team and saw how 
inexpenenced most of the players were. 
But I'm happy with the progress we've 
made. We've Improved drastically from 
day one." 

Harper noted that volleyball AII-
American Karin Kalk, who played water 
polo for the first time this weekend, has 
also contributed with some team 
guidance. "Her leadership as co-captain 
in volleyball has transferred to the pool," 
he noted , Kalk, a senior from Bishop, 
had three goals in the tournament. 

UCSD was were led in the 
tournament by jUfllor Janell lowe. who 

Harper was generally pleased with the 
weekend . He praised the play of a team 
which showed "good character for a 
group which has never played together 
b fore. Ihey Eil!!y care."lol about each 

..... --o."ther. They're not selfish , which will pay 

.. one of these girls ever played before 
last year or this year," Gnffith added. 

It was only last year that the lacrosse 
lub was formed . The team is not 

conSidered intercollegiate as of yet, bUl 
It hopes to be soon. "Going 
intercollegiate would make everything a 
lot easier. We would gel paid umpires, 
recruiting potential, everything which is 
considered intercollegiate ," Griffith said . 
As it stands now, the team depends on 
fund raising and must also teach the 
offtclals how 1O officiate games. "Some 
umpires tum out good , but we've had 
some experiences with rough teams and 
inexperienced umps where the game gOt 
out of control," said Griffith. 
Intercollegiate S[atus would also give the 
team a better field , five practice days 
and better competition . 

Griffith expects the men's lacrosse 
club to be admitted 1O the Intercollegiate 
Athletics Deparrment within the next 
two years, which means the women's 
club may soon follow. "Lacrosse is really 
growing. Stanford, Cal and UC Davis ali 
have established clubs. The next step 
would really be easy." 

Ot her statistics on Saturday'S 
lOurnament: Marney Blalre, three goals; 
Dana Compton, two assists, four goals, 
Marianne Danilovich, one assist, two 
goals; Amy Roger, two assists, one goal: 
and player/coach Jane Griffith, two 
goals. The Tritons have another 
tournament this weekend at 
Claremont. ~ 

off later on." He noted the good play of 
Junior Karin Givens, freshman Michelle 
Carroll (who scored four goals in just 
two games), sophomore Mary Bolic, and 
his goalie Rennick. 'Jennifer has . 
Improved tremendously from last year, 
Harper said . "I pulled her out of a swim 
class and lhrew her in the goal. She did 
OK then, but this year she Will be real 
tough ." 

Harper also took to Santa Barbara his 
Sunset San Diego women's water polo 
club , made up of UCSD grad uates, 
former players from San Diego Sta te 
(where Harper coached for a number of 
year;) and several current SDSU 
students. Both teams have been 
supportive of each olher. Additionally, 
the Sunset team has provided a source 
of experience and knowledge of water 
polo for UC D's squad. 

The Tritons look forward to the 
Triton/Sunset Invitational this Sarurday, 
which Will feature club teams from 
Commerce, long Beach, Newport Beach 
and Santa Barbara. UCSD Will face the 
Newport club at 9 am and Santa Barbard 
at 10:30. The second round and 
championsh!p-.games will be played in 
the afte rnoon. ~ 

Dana Compton IS an Integral part of an 
on-the -movc lacrosse club. . 

Coach Denny Harper admires the "good 
character" oj the women '5 water polo team. 

Thursday, April 11, 1985 II 
, . .~ ,'" ..... ~ .... , .'.... . . .." ..... x ~ « . . .., .,' ' .. , .. "' 

The woes of a weekend golfer 

UCSD goIfen MiJIt O'Lall,2hlin (~) 
and Shtll Whttltr Cbtlow) sliow tilt stress 
wlaich CIIII COrrIt with a round of golf. 

By ROBERT HASWELL 

THERE IT WAS, just a week or so before me Masters, arguably golrs greatest [Qumament, as I stood 
around the Torrey Pines clubhouse . 
waiting for my tum to embark on a nine 
hole wim uxal disregard of me finer 
points of me grand game of golf. Most 
of me crowded mass of humanity 
around me (a common sight at Torrey. 
after 3 pm. when me rates go down) 
were waiting to do me same. Many of us 
would finish with a nine-hole score 
somewhere above 60, which would be 
pretty aood if we had played 18 holes, 
Some fuld it more rewarding to count 
lost baUs rather man strokes; the 

. number is usually lower. I personally 
count casualties. But as I approached 
the firs! tee of Torrey's North course . 
which most "experts" think is the easier 
of the two greens (how the hell can they 
tell-I' can't break 100 on either course), 
I was suddenly grabbed by a disturbing 
thought Why do people play thiS silly 
game? 

My tee shot hooked left inlO the trees. 
I blamed it on my recent revelation . I 
then teed up a "mulligan" which fared 
slightly better. landing just off me 
fairway in some low weeds, The rest of 
my foursome took meir tee shots and 
we were off to the races. With each shot 
my mind became more obsessed ~ 
me poindessness of It all. Why IS It my 
nine iron approach shot to me green 
resembles a Tony Gwynn line drive, 
twiSdng and cwving down me right 

field line, rather than a beautiful. 
soaring, Tom WalSOn-ish nine iron that 
hits the green, sucks back twO feet from 
all me backspin, and leaves a five-foot 
putt? I stn@ed for an answer. 

On lV, ine pros make it look so easy, 
Watch any pro on lV, and what you 
will see is a smooth yet thunderous tee 
shot that disappears into a golden 
sunset, and putts that seem [Q drop 
from everywhere on me green. But m.ore 
imponant is the fact that mey make It 
look so easy! Anyone could do that with 
practice, right? HeD, the ball doesn't 
even move! 

Still. I couldn'td'ustify to m~lf why 
the "weekend go er" insists on ruining 
his weekend wim a round of golf. Some 
players take a less serious approach to 
the game. They rent a catt, buy a case of 
beer and weave down the fairways , 
laughing, cursing, taunting their 
pattners, and eventuaDy shooting a 117. 
Many of us simply use an age-old 
technique that gives some temporary 
relief to our sanity. We cheat. We 
merrily stroll down the course, 
improving our lies, replacing lost balls 
unbeknownst to our pattners, and 
endlessly slashing strokes off our 
score-a practice reminiscent of the 
chefs at Beni Hana. I mean, who really 
knows the difference between a 
quadruple bogey and a triple bogey? 

But through it aD, we trudge on. An 
occasional par rekindles the 
disappearing motivation to complete the 

round. But that cannot possibly be 
reason enough for some of the 
masochism rve seen on a golf course. In 
fact, I recendy played with a gendeman 
who, when he approached the first tee , 
was a cool, confident La Jolla 
businessman, ready to beat the world. 
When we had completed just nine holes 
(and had lost some seven balls), he was 
reduced 1O a mumbling, twitc~ing shell 
of a man. so utterly beaten that I 
thought the game had surely won, Less 
than a week later, there he was again, 
on the first tee smiling and ready to 
play. It boggles the mind. . 

While I walked down the laSt fairway 
after a decent round for me (I was 
denied shooting bogey golf only by 
three-putting the final green), I 
discovered the reason for this madness: 
Golf is the sporr version of marriage. A 
fine shot or a good hole can make up 
for a lousy round, Each institution has 
its ups and downs, yet they both 
endure. In our effon to make it work, to 
finaDy have fun at golf (or at marriage, 
for that matter), we take our figurative 
lumps and bruises (and our deflated 
egos) home at the end of the day, put 
them in the closet and forget about 
them. One week later all we remember 
is the good time we had. Most are ready 
to rerum to the course and "chase those 
birdies" before the next sunny day, 

If that explanation doesn't satisfy you, 
just kid yourself that a round of golf is 

~e~~~. ~ 

UCSD Spring Classic is May 11 

Riding the NSSA wave 
By MARK JOHNSON 

The UCSD surf ream placed mird in 
the latest National Scholastic Surfing 
Association (NSSA) conreR hdd at 
Rincon in San. BarbaJa. UCSD was 
outSUrfed by first-place UCSB. Second 
place went to Cal Slate long Beach,. The 
rompetltion was among a fidd of mne 
college teams. 

UCSD senior Craig Sheiber placed 
second overall in thf men's division, 
winnil'lj over current world amateur 
champion Scott Farnsworth, Other top 

. placing SUli'frs from UCSD included: 
Jack Beresford. second place, kneeboard; 
Bob Schiff. mird place. ltneeboard; Tom 
Elsher, sixth place. kneeboard; and 
Robin Robettson. seventh place, women, 

The next NSSA contest Is to be held 

"~"~~~rJiJ-,· 1 ,. 
• 
• • . I DIll c.-.. 'OIIe....-. 

. ' .' I . _Tall 1IIr"'" • 
..... Non- Thurs. 5:00 PIlI,' 1~:OO pm 1 ____ ••• ____ ... 

Fri-·Set- Sun 5:00 pm 10 MidnWlt ea..oo .... .,~ 
w. accept: Vila, MMtercard, American iJcpr-. • ~. 

April 14-15 at Huntingtort Beach. 
The upcoming UCSD spring classic is 

well underway. The COntest will be held 
on May 11 at Blacks Beach. All 
California college teams have been 
invited to battle for a unique set of 
ceramic trophies that are being 
designed and cast by the UCSD Crafts 
Center. Along with tropies, prizes WIll be 
awarded which have been donated by 
various companies from the surfing 
industry, 

A post-contest awards party on the 
. beach is planned, and me UCSD surf 

club invites everyone to spend Saturday, 
May II at the beach watching the best 
of CaUfomia'~ coBege surfers compete, ... to catch some Triton surfing. 

1985 UC Sin Diego 
5utnmerSlulon 

Cet81op. 
'AN A_lib .. 

I 
• J 

, 

~ -

I" i 

, \ ' 
I 
I 

.1 



12 ThUl~day. Apnl 11. 19 5 

Classlfted advertJslng space Is sold In 
100-character Increments. Each 
letter, punctuation mark and space 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capita' 'etters 
counting as two characters. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 characters for students 
and 53 per 100 characters for non-
SIUdenIs. You must come by the ofIIce 
or mall In your ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publication. 
DNdllnes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Animal Cafe at the Che Cafe I Great 
music for a good cause, this Sarurday, 
April 13, 9pm. Benefit Dance for the 
Sanctuary Movement. S3. Refreshments. 
Also featuring the Amazons for your 
musical pleasure. See you there I (4/11) 

Violin, viola. prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (6/6) 

Irs HAPPENING I Yes, LITTLE SISTERS 
are RUSHING zan Get in on the 
excitementl ThIS week-Revelle Plaza. 
(4/11) 

Start your career now. Earn money and 
work on Fortune 500 Companies' 
marketIng programs on campus. Part-
time (flexible/ hours each week. We gNe 
references. Call 1-800-243-6679. (4/11) 

Writer/Poet Paul Dresman will be 
readIng from his latest books, PACIFIC 
ELEGIES and the ZEN OF TELEVISION, 
this Friday, April 12, from noon-I :30 in 
the New Warren Apartments Commons 
Lounge. This reading is part of the 
Warren College Friday Faculty-Student 
Hour. ught refreshments. (4/1I) 

"Increase Alertness. Energy Flow, 
Alleviate Stress, PMS, Relief at Last, Build 
A Better Body & Easy Wt. Loss. Call the 
Experts At 452-97751" (4/11/ 

Open up your ears, expand your mind 
beyond possible imagination . 
Experience the Grateful Dead this 

• Sunday at INine. 3 tickets for sale. Make 
offer. Very good seats. Stuart 481-7985. 
(4/11) 

Attn: EECS majors-NCR has paid 
positions for summer. Deadline-
tomorrowl Call 452-4689, ASIO. (4/11) 

illtl l lH~11 J! 
Honda NC 50 Express motorcycle. 2000 
mi. Exc. condo Mech. repair manual 
included. S265. 450-0765. (4/15) 

MUST SELL TO PAY FEE A complete 8 
piece Kenwood home stereo system. 2 
mo. old. Includes: 200 watt JBL350 spk., 
integrated amplifier, time delay 
reverberation amp, synthesizer tuner, 10 
band graphic equalizer, scan & search 
cassette deck, automatic turntable & 2 
door cabinet All bought for over S2ooo. 
Must see to appredate. All for SI600 
obo. Call Mehrdad at 457-0291 after 8 
pm. (4/1l) 

Smith-Corona electric typewriter. Hardly 
used for only SI00. Call 450-0171. (4/18) 

Now's )Our chance to learn how to 
windsurf. 2 sailboards for sale. S375 or 
best offer. Call 483-2337, ask for Paul, 
leave a message. (4/18) 

1974 Bug. Rebuilt engi~, new trans., 
runs great 3 yr. old paint. Pi~ 
AM/FM casso w/2Ow speakers. Custom 
I piece windows. In Revelle ~t lot. 
Asking $2350 or best o~r. Quick 453-
2763 Chris. (4/11) 

Surfboards for Sale. 6'1" Twin, no dings, 
S9O. 6'3" Rip Curl Twin, S70. Call Gregg 
452-9259. (4/11) 

Grateful Dead Tix. 2 or 3 for Sun. 4/14. 
Irvine. SII each. 457-3828 RClb)fi. (4/11) 

Adorable animal rubber stamps. Cats, 
kittens, bears, pandas, birds. penguins, 
unicorns, etc. etc. I Free catalogl Send 
S.A.S.E (.39) to: Critter Care Center, P.O. 
Box 77, Solana Beach, CA 92075.(4/29) 

rdii#illllill 
Wanted-Responsible driver to deliver 
air-condo car, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 
May-June 1985. 571-1943. (4/11) 

Scholarship opportunity wanted. 
Undergrad and grad students to apply 
for I yr 1986-87 Rotary Foundation 
Scholarship to foreign universities. 
ReqUIrements: Undergrad-Must have 
completed soph year by June 1986, not 
married, age 18 to 24. Grad-Bachelor 
degree, married OK. any age 18 to 30. 
For details call Robert Thomas Mon-Fri 
8:30 to 2:00 at 488-2797. After 2:00 
459-5810. Deadline is June I for 
submission of aps. (4/11) 

Wanted: Women who experience 
significant premenstrual tension 
syndrome (mood changes, irritability) 
each month. for partidpation in a 
research study invoMng medication, 
blood draINS and inteNiews. Women 
must be healthy, have regular 
predictable monthly cycles, and not be 
on birth control pills. Please call Karen at 
453-7500, ext. 3218.(4/11) 

NCR needs summer internsl Pay up to 
S480/wk. Deadline for applications 
4/12: Call 452-4689 or stop by ASIO 
office for more info, second floor student 
center. (4/11) 

Phone Prospecting. Mon.-Thurs., 5-8pm. 
Female & sales exper. desirable. Carrie at 
EF. Hutton, 459-3232. (4/15) 

Childcare needed my home one 
aftemoon per week. Pref. Tues. and Sat. 
am. 755-6833. (4/15) 

Drummers: We are forming a band. 
Interested? Call 453-6787, ask for Ken 
or Ian. (4/11) 

Reward SIOO for the first complete 
working copy, written in basic, of 
Regressions by Leaps and Bounds found 
in Technometrics Vol. 16, No. 4, 1974. 
Call Dana for more information 422-
4025. (4/11) 

IftMii11111 
Wanted : Female roommate; large 
bedroom to )Ourself; tennis courts & 
swirrvning pool, one block from UCSO; 
friendly, casual roommates, S275 & 1/5 
utilities & SI50 cleaning deposit Call 
Kathy, Rich, or Cris at 452-9621. (4/11) 

La Jolla Pla~ needs sunvner 
housing: Sublets, rentals,. roommates. 
Agr~ts signe(j, Call Carol 452-
6760. (6/61 

House wanted. 2 PhD's w /exceflent 
referenas. Coastal area, reasonal* 
price. Please ca. 755-7092. (4/181 

A TIENTlON: Investor or 1st time bI.Jyers. 
Assume 552,600 at low interest rare. 2 
Br. I sa. townhouse, with private patio, 
pool, storage and carport. Near UCSO. 
ONner Must Sellfl 578,900. REAl TV 
CENTER INC. KATHY 272-6010. (4/111 

_HiM@!!ll 
Top Drawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word 
processing. Dia~ 481-4160. (6/61 

n1'ING/\XtORD PROCESSING: many 
type styles to choose from, ~IIlng and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery, quality work, FASnll 
S2/page (double spacedl . Call 
Interactive Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
(6/6) 

Resumes/CVs. All professions. The Job 
Tailors, 2120 Ji~ Durate, Del Mar. 755-
8188. Student Disc. (4/11) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast seNice. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Andy 
Laurence 279-8056. (6/6) 

n1'ING/\XtORD PROCESSING-For all 
)Our typing needs call Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted. (4/18) 

Typing: IBM/rush jobs/editing/fast, 
pro~sional results. 453-0656 or 296-
7333 Shari. (6/6) 

Animal Cafe will play their original music 
hearts out for )Ou this Sarurday, April 13 
at the Che Cafe. It's a benefit dance for 
the Sanctuary Movement so )Our S3 
(refreshments served) will be well spent. 
Also featuring the band Amazons for 
)Our dancing pleasure. See )Ou there I 
(4/11) 

FULFI LL YOUR DESIRESI Get more out of 
)Our UCSD SOCIAL LIFE, check into the 
ZBT LITTLE SISTER program. Come to the 
ZBT booth at the Revelle Plaza this week. 
(4/11) 

- - -~ --- - - - ~---- -- ----- -

UCSO Burly Women Wi. You guys are 
aINeSOfT1e. RO\N till you die' Santa Clara 
won't know what hit. Cindy (4/111 

Part;y l4> with DSP this Friday, April 12 
9:00pm-Plenty of music and 
refreshment so come by the OSP table for 
details. (4/111 

Asher. How wonderful, even in 
M~. You'" be the best doctor C!!Yer. 
Love, ChriStft. (4/111 

OSH, GOSH, YOU M~DE ITI 
CONGRA TSI .JAN (4/111 

Ash: So, enough already \NittI the "Ufe Is 
a bitch stories" at the PannIkIn. WeKorne 
to Yuppiedom. CCc. (4/11J 

CONGRA TULA nONS ASHULII LOVE, 
ME. (4/111 

Congratulations Abba'" we b/Ie )OU. 
Neflle, PumpkIn and Davi. (4/l11 

CONGRATULATIONS, ASH. Yours 
admiring~, James. P.s. Do)OJ know ~ 
Neuroethology grade? (4/111 

Dr . Asher M. Milgram, M.D. 
Congratulations I Nobody deseM!d lt 
more. I ~ never doubted that)Ou wtll 
achieve anything that)OU want and I'm 
<rnain )Ou'" be ' a grNt doctor, 

M~I .John Elliott. 14/111 

Ash: Michigan Sta~ better be re~, 
'cause they aln't seen· nuthin )'et No 
more forms, no more secondaries, no 
more thin ~Iopes-just a heItwa lot 
of booksl Good luck-Phll. 

Neffie, I've figured out how )Ou did 
everylhing bUt get )Our hands on 
Michigan letterhead,)Ou dogl (4/11) 

Party with the Delta Sigs, the on~I party 
this Friday, 9:00 pm. Dancing & gallons 
of fun. It's off catTlJUS so, COfT1i! by the 
DSP table on Revetle. Don't miss this ~I 
(4/111 

Lost CASIO multi-function watch w/blk 
rubber-plas band on 2nd floor of APM. 
Reward. Jim 453-1997. (4/151 

Found: last quarter in USB. A gold ring. 
Call Kim at 455-0949 to identify. (4/18) 

LDst Outside Mayer Hall, tan Nlke 
running shoes, size 8-1/2. If found call 
Steve ·or Kim 457-0788. (4/11) 

- ---=--~---=--=-.=-=-------= --- - -=----=-=--=-=--== - , 

So Much 
TIME 
and so 
little to 

DO? 
GET UP, GET OUT, 

GET DOWN TO THE 
GUARDIAN!! 

Become a wrikr or an iUustrator. 
CaD 452-6580 for ddIJils. 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 9. No.2 April 11.1985 



• 

Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRIS YuUNlJ 

Contributi nll Editors 
ETHAN FEERST. JUAN 
FOR BERG, RONA HU, 

JAM~ RALPH P:-'\Pt' 
taff 

MIKE ,\HN, RODDY 
BCGlIWA, ANDREA 

HARMu , KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MU IC, JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL 'T A rER, 

ROGER STEI'HENSON 

Editorial: 452.6580 
Advertitinlr- 452·3466 

Hl(ljU> IS pubhshed every 
Thursday of the acad"mlc Yl'ar 
as a upplemcnt to the U ' '0 
GUARDIAN. ReproJu<.:t·ion 
or usc WI th out written 
""rm,s.,on of ,my portion o f 
thIS magazine IS a no-no. W e 
welcome unsoliCI ted letters, 
manuscnp[S, and artwork, bur 
assuml' no rcspons,bd,ty lor 
the return of such. ScnJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
800 16, La Jolin, CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Suda House's pho~ 
tograph ULilith" is just one 
work in a huge exhibit of"42 
Emerging Artists," now on 
at LJMCA. See more work 
and a review on page 5. 

~Trojan Women' ... page 3 
The Suzuki Company of 

Toga, Japan presented an 
emotional and beautiful 
performance at UCSD. 

Burning Spear . . . .. page 4 
Reggae fans are in for a treat 

as the African group Burning 
Spear as well as a few others are 
headed to town. 

The Replacements. page 6 
The Replacements' unpre~ 

tenious and unassuming rock 
and roll has made them a'joy to 
see and hear, 

• 

• 

Goings on page 7 
Caruso pale 7 

beals 0fIIce welcomes 

APRIL ll, Tuesday, 8:00 P.III. 
l'IArtD[V1iU. AUDITORlUIII 

GA. $15.00, UCSD ST. $10.00 
• 

Umousines courtesy of WXVRY UPlOVSlrt~ UPllTfD 
<i>T~~~DN ' ~~.......... It UCSD BOX orrlct:: 4~1·4~~9 

2 Hiatus April 11, 1985 

Free Film * Free Film * Free Film 

)001 an~ E!ha r Coon s 

BLOOD SIMP 
Hiatus and The Cinema Society of San Diego 
invite you to their private screening at the 
Flower Hill cinema on: 
Tuesday, April 16 at 7:30 
The first 50 people who go to the UCSD Box 
Office will receive free passes to this premier. 

UBlood Simple" opens exclusi~ly at 
Flower Hill Cinema on April 19. 

UC SAN DIEGO UNIVERSITY MNTS OFFICE PRESENTS 

APRIL 12 • FRIDAY • UCSOMANOEWllAUOfTORIUM • 8:00 P.M. 
GA$9.00 • UCSOFACULTYASTAfFI7.00 • ST1JO£NlSSS.OO 

TICKETlION A USCD lOX 0f'FlCE: 452·4559 

Sl.JlIlOImD IN PAAT BY rME C-"I.JfOINA ARTS CQ.NCl 

The poetry of agony and fWomen' 
By DANIEL THOMAS 

The Suzuki Company of Toga, 
Japan, treated UCSD to its 
performances of The Trojan Women 
this past weekend at the Mandell 
Weiss Theater, The entire play was 
presented in Japanese, but even 
though the majority of the 'audience 
could not understand the language, 
they seemed nonetheless deeply 
moved and astounded by the work. 

In what we might call a process of 
artistic fusion, Tadashi Suzuki has 
worked the play from its ancient . 
form into a modern Japanese piece. 
To achieve this, he has relied on the 
traditions of classical Japanese Noh 
and Kabuki theater, as well as using 
his own poetic and directorial 
talents. In the process, a new version 
of The Trojan Women has been 
created. The characters of Hecuba 
and Cassandra are brought together 
as one, "the old woman," played so 
eloquently by the great actress 
Kayoko Shiraishi, who has been 
working with Suzuki for over 18 
years. 

In the Suzuki play, the Greek 
tragedy is contained within a 
specifically Japanese story, namely, a 
tale of an old woman who lost her 
husband, sons and daughters in 
World War II. Suzuki's notes in the 
program state, "Using Euripedes' 
work as a starting point, I staged a 
situation in which an old woman 
who has been driven from her gutted 
home lives through the legends of 
Troy in her fantasy." 

The Trojan Women is really about 
all women who are victims of war. 
The program further states, "The 
objective of this production is to 
create the tragic character of a 
woman in which are summed up the 
infinite sufferings brought by war to 
the innocent wives of the defeated 
warriors. " 

Shiraishi and her partners in the 
company gave a magnificent 
performance, at times bringing tears 
to the audience, at other times 
leaving them dumbfounded in awe, 
in spite of the audience's ignorance 
of the dialogue. How could this be? It 
was by the power of their movement, 
and the true, inner life of the play. 
The actors were all realizing this life 
and showing it through their every 
movement, even through their 
complete stillness. 

Kayolc.o Slairailhi CIa II _ rllWlled by war in "The Trojan Womm." 

At the end of the performance, by 
way of curtain call, the enti re cast 
marched several times around the 
stage, demonstrating a variety of 
steps in the "Suzuki method ." This 
method teaches actors and actresses 
how to "make the whole body speak, 
even when one keeps silent." In 
developing this method, Tadashi 
Suzuki drew inspiration from 
classical Japanese theater and 
philosophy. He aims to reach the 
balance between heaven and earth, as 
symbolized by the human body 
itself, with its upper and lower parts 
joined at the pelvis. 

To understand this, consider the 

scene of the mutilation and death of 
the baby which was especially 
effective and horrifying, even though 
the baby was only a little cloth 
dummy. The players knew what it 
was-the royal child ofT roy. One of 
the soldiers sliced off its arm, while 
another raped the mother, 
Andromache. The malicious power 

IT'S MY WEEKEND. 
COME DO IT 

WITH ME! 

T.G.I.W.B.· 
TifE PARTY BEGINS THURSDAY, APRIL 11 

AND FINISHES MONDAY, APRIL 15 

YOU'RE INVITED TO: 
EARL PIA \'S GAMES, a gameboard .night with your favorite games in the Warren 
Apanment Commons on Thursday, April 11 from 6 pm on to ? 
EARL'S EVENING, our hi&. .... Big. BIG BIRTHDAY pany at the Warren 
Apartment Commons on Friday, Aprilll.Join us fora B-B-Q (UK your meal card 
or pay S2.00, a paltry sum indeed for chicken, com-on-the-cob, salads, beans, 
and a drink). FREE ice cream and cake. Clowns, music by The ~nth Hour and 
by Tony Torres, prizes, danei.,.. and a cut of thouaands. Prizes fOr commuters, 
residents, and Warren faculty/ .... Dinner Krved &om 4:30 pm to 6:30 (Warren 
Cafeteria will be closed). First ~ commuters eat ~e ot' cha •. 
EARL GOES TO THE PARK, A trip to Balboa Park, Saturday, April 13 from 10-4. 
Remember to bring your own lunch, we'l slfPply free Coca-COla. Free rides for first 
20. All panicipams meet in front of Warren PrOYost's Office at 9:30. 
On Aprtl 14. EARL GOES TO THE MOVIES. See Or) tht Waterfront and To Kill a 
Mockingbird in the Warren Apartment Commons. Also included will be the San 
Diego Padres 1984 Highlights film. Free. Sunday, 6· 10:30. 
Finally. on Monday, April IS, EARL GOl'c - ~"\: _<-LiAME. Yes, the first home 
game for the National League Chamr' 90 0" Padres. Includes a tailgate party 
before the game, begins 5:00 ,,. SOv-. , ~!lon D· l at the Stadium. 
These activities are sponsored by the Warren Resident Dean's Office and the 
Warren RAs, Warren Student Activities Office , Warren Dean's Office. Warren 
College Student Government, Warren College Commuter Intern . Warren PrOVOSt's 
alTice, and the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of San Diego which is proVIding 
FREE Coca-Cola for alllhe events. 

'Thank Goodness It's Warren's Birthday 

For more infonnation caU the Warren Student Activities Office at 452·6171. 

of the soldiers, the terror of the 
mother and the agony of the old 
woman (Hecuba) were something 
more than mere words could tell. 
The agony was beautifully expressed 
in the twisting form and the 
powerful voice of Shiraishi, the old 
woman, as she wrapped the body of 
her dead grandchild for burial. . 

Suzuki has been teaching his 
method at several universities in the 
United States, including one session 
this past winter here at UCSD. It is 
to be hoped that he may return here 
in the near future. 

T.G.I.F. 
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS PROGRAMMING 

-N&-

THE GREEKS 
present 

THE ROBERT CRAY BAND 
and special guest 

THIS FRIDAY - APRIL 12 
4:00 PM, 

ON THE HUMP 

Party With Us - The AS. 
April 11, 1985 Hiahu 3 



The reggae beat is 
tBurning' bright here 

By CHRIS YOUNG 
Winston Rodney is the heart and 

soul of Burning Spear, just as reggae 
is the musical heartbeat of an African 
past. While we skank to the rhythms 
and rock to the beat, Winston will be 
filling the La Paloma Theater tonight 
with his philosophy of universal 
love. 

The group Burning Spear was 
formed in 1968, taking its name 
from the "Burning Spear" of Kenya, 
freedom fighter Jomo Kenyatta. 
Fifteen albums have followed since 
then, among them the well known 
Marcus Garvey, Fittest of the Fittest, 
and the recently~released Resistance. 

Burning Spear, as Rodney is 
known, has been much acclaimed as 
a brilliant singer and songwriter. 
Known for his unique style, easily 
recognizable in all his works, 
Winston is a symbol of his age. His 
music rises out of Black pride and a 
cultural awareness of the struggles of 
Blacks everywhere to overcome the 
lasting stigma of slavery and white 
oppression. The songs of Burning 
Spear are among the most 
compelling, and politically inspiring, 
in reggae music today. 

In concert Rodney is backed up by 
the Burning Band, featuring one of 
ja maica 's best trumpet and 

fluglehorn players, Bobby Ellis. 
These dynamic performers can 
transplant a crowd to jamaica's sun~ 
baked shores, to sway and' sweat, 
hypnotized by their African, 
chanting style. 

Opening the concert will be the 
Kushite Raiders, a rock and reggae 
band from Los Angeles, who 
combine their modern social 
comments with the age old rhythms 
of Africa and jamaica. The Raiders 
put on a tremendous show, mixing it 
up with rock and reggae tunes, 
religious and political statements. 

The doors to the theater open at 
eight, but to go in you must have a 
ticket. This will cost you $10.50 in 
advance or $11.50 at the door. 
Advance tickets are probably a good 
idea. .. 

* * * This must be a good month for 
reggae in San Diego because, just 
when you've had time to cool down 
from the Burning Spear concert, the 
Itals, the Roots Radics and Don 
Carlos will roll into town. Saturday, 
April 20, all three bands will come to 
the La Paloma Theater as part three 
of Prophet Productions' Spring All~ 
Star Reggae Review. 

The !tals have been solid in the 

The h.oOle of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 

Ii ~ . MCl)O""I~m 
E &11011. 
",\~r lld 

7 J 40 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IL.. ... _~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -_II!!_~1IIiIIIJ1l 

II 
I I 
II 
II 
I I 
I I 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter rounder ' with Cheesc. Large Fry. 

Medium- ' ite Soft Drink C ... h valu< I 20 01 I <en! II 
Lllnlt llne Llluplln per 
customer per ViSit PIc,lse 
present llluplln whl' n 
ordering ~Ol \·,IIIc.J Wi th ,In) 
III her niter 

-Just $1.99 11 
(plu!> tax) II 

Only at: II 
7140 Miramar Rd. II 
~ Good,hru ,~ M.ly 11 , 1985 

iiiiii __ iiiiii 

sanDit'Ko~ 
--------- ~ 
---------

POSITIONS 
AVAIlABLE 

NOW! 
New La Jolla Location 

Full & part-time 
• Good salary 

• Commissions 
• Benefits 

• Opportunity 
Wcrk fcr the most prestigious 

fcrmalwear chain in Southem California 

TUX SHOPS 

Apply at Main Office 
4055 Pacific Highway 

(2 blocks north of Washington on Frontage Rd.) 
Apply 10-3 Mon,-Sat. 

4 Hiatus April 11 , 1985 

Winston Rodney Iceepa eM African reggae .pirie alitle with Buming SfJe4r. 

reggae scene for years with a pure 
and unpretentious stage show, and 
we can no doubt look forward to the 
same here in San Diego. The Radics 
are the premier studio/session band 
from jamaica, having backed up 
most of the members of the upper 

echelon of reggae performers. Don 
Carlos, who founded Blade Uhuru, 
sings a message of "Day to Day 
I:-iving," keeping sight of the roots of 
his past. Again, doors open at 8, 
tickets are $10.50 in advance and 
$11.50 at the door. 

FRISBEE CUNICS 
heMlyiel It's a myth that tvery Callromt.. 
knows how to handle a trlsbee. True, most can 
throw OM to their rrtend clown the beach and 
catch the return toss, but how many can do It 
with pluau? In this clinic you will learn from a 
national ~ champion what It bakes to 
handle your disc with true class and pruisJon. 
Vltl •• tel Ultimate ' Is fast becoming 
California's most popular sport. It offers the 
partlcpant fast paced action, precision, an 
excellent workout, and the thrill or tum 
competition, Ultimate rrtsbec Is hOt a dlftlcult 
sport to learn bul there are certain tricks to 
playing well. this workshop will be divided 
between Instruction and actual playing time. 

I'rccstyle Sat AprIl 20 lOam-12n $8/12 
Ultimate Sun AprIl 21 10lm-12n $8/12 

~3J V 

Sign up and details at x4OJ7 
Co~vtew AdmInistrative OffICes 
Deportment a PhvI/COI Education 

JEFF BRIDGES 
INPE_N 

An evening of films 
with Jeff Bridges 

"Against All Odds" & 
"Cutter's Way" 

SUNDAY, APRIl 14 
6:15 PM 

LA JOLlA MUSEUM OF 
COIIIlMPOIWIY ART 
For tickets call T eleseat 

~Ii.. 
Contribution: $10 general 

admission. $7 students/seniors. 
Proceeds to benefit 

Project Concern 


