
II 



1 Thursday,Jan. 24, 1985 
NE...s 

. • ;.. ~'N < -.».,.... '~ iOX~" ~ ~':-' ~ "-::;.,. ",," ': -. • ,-::; ,'';'V",,' , .-)9 ~..' • oX' 

UniYenily of CaIifomii Rqen&I 
unanimously approved a request by 
Student Regent Fred Gaines for a repon 
on UC's investments in companies 
doing business in South Africa at their 
Jan. 18 meeting in San Francisco. The 
repon will be completed no later than 
June 21 , 1985. 

In addition, the Board heard a repon 
on UC research on AIDS, presented 
jointly by Vice President for Health . 
Affairs Cornelius Hoper; UC Task Force 
on AIDS Chairman Merle Sande, a 
professor and vice chairman, 
Depanment of Medicine, SF General 
Hospital; and Lawrence Freedman, vice 
chainnan of the UC task force and 
chainnan of the Depanment of 
Medicine at UCLA. 

"We are clearly in the midst of a 
major medical catastrophe, the potential 
impact of which is now only beginning 
to be realized, and the elltntual 
magnitude of which could be absolutely 
enormous," Sande told the Board, 
adding that "any earlr vaccine to 
prevent the spread 0 AIDS or a drug to 
cure the infection seems highly 
improbable at the present time." 

o 

Th£ fifth annual LiIIe lOK-2 Mile Run 
for Easter Seals is scheduled for 8 am, 
Saturday, March 9. This year, the 
popular race featureS a dramatic new 
Start/Finish on Executive Drillt adjacent 
to the Plaza at u Jolla Village, one block 
west of Unilltrsity Towne Centre, and 
runs once again onto the UCSD 
campus. Proceeds from the run will 
benefit Easter Seal programs and 
services for people of aU ages with all 
types of disabilities. AIl entrants will 
receillt a long-sleeved t-shirt, gift 
coupons and refreshments. In addition, 
everyone is eligible for a free drawing 
with a trip to Hawaii as grand prize. 
Medals will be awarded to the top three 

finishers in each division. Seniors and 
walkers welcome. 

Pre-registration for the 10K must be 
received by March l. 

For further information, call 576-
5834. 

o 
A ~y coune on the diagnosis 

and treatment of fish diseases will be 
held at the Scripps Aquarium from 9 am 
to 5 pm on Wednesday and Thursday, 
Feb. 13 and 14. 

The course will be given in the 
aquarium classroom at UCSO's Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, .8602 La 
Jolla Shores Dr. Fee is S25 per person. 

Michael Kent, a doctoral candidate in 
veterinaty sciences at UC Davis and 
former Scripps Aquarium researcher, will 
lead the course, which will cover topics 
ranging from viral diseases to 
macroscopic parasites. 

Panicipation is limited to the first 20 
applicants. For registration infOrmation, 
can Scripps Aquarium at 452-4087. 

o 
lUny H. ~, an expert on Insect 

behavior and delltloper of the first 
natural insect pest control system for 
commercial use, has been named 
directOr of the University of California's 
Kearney Agricultural Center, effective 
Jan. 22. 

Shorey, who was professor of 
entomology at UC Rilltrside from 1959-
78, served as principal investigator for 
research grants and contracts totaRing 
over S 1 million from various state and 
national research foundations and 
agencies. 

As chief adrmnisa'ator of the Kearney 
Agricultural Center, Shorey's 
responsibilities include coordinating 
teaching and ~arch activities 
involving the center and UC campus 
depanrnents, Cooperative Extension and 
agricultural leaders in the San Joaquin 

~---------~----------~ 
=. ,. -f- iji .. 

~ 

• 
~~n.4 ~" ... ~ III I I 

LL 
1';[ .. ,· 

I"'" r. 
I I I 

Cover. CalPIRG's first attempt at passing the so-
called Botde Bill ended in 1982 in a flury of financing 
from a group known as "Californians For Sensible 
Laws." But the Botde Bill is back, and CalPIRG -is 
again leading the charge, detennined to see the batde 
end in victory this time around. See the cover story 
on page 7 and the related editorial on page 4. 
News: An exclusive interview with canoonist Paul Conrad, 
stories on UC minority enrollment, and a UCSD student gets 
a litde too involved in a friendly game of Assassin. 
Opinions: A viewpoint on nuclear anns and the possibilities 
of halting the race, plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectku: A casual evening of "nightclubing" in Tijuana 
results in an unexpected encounter for a UCSD graduate 
student, plus the "writer's i" gets happy up and down with 
keys. 
Spotts: A preview of men's tennis, men's volleyball lives to 
talk about the All-Cal it hosted last weekend, women's 
basketball plays a litde Jekyl and Hyde, and an intramural 
wrap-up. 
Hiatus: UCSD's Tadashi Suzuki and the an of bodily motion, 
NOM Carolina Dance Theater's trip west, the controversy 
follOwing Leon Golub around La Jolla, plus a preview of the 
Revelle Battle of the Bands tomorrow. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

valley. . 
The center, located at Parlier, 

California, was opened in 1962 to serve 
the dilltr5e agricuIrural industry of the 
San Joaquin Villey. It has since become 
internationally recognized for resean:h 
that has resu&m In new fruit. nUl and 

grape varieties, innovative irrigation 
. practices, better pest and disease 

rnanaaement techniques and efficient 
fertilization methods. The UC Mosquito 
Research Laboratory is located at the 
center. 

o rsection----------------------------------------~ 
• e New club for water ski c 
y 

UCSO, proclaimed by some as one of the most 
spons-minded universities, has almost every kind of 
recreation organization imaginable except, ironicany 
when considering UCSO's coastal location, a water 
ski club. 

The last day of fall quaner '8+ ended that drou&tu 
for UCSO's water ski enthusiasts, whm On Campus 
Recreation (OCR) approved the water ski club for 
OCR membership, and filed the necessary papers 
with the University Events Office. 

"We have an incredible oppoltUnity here to water 
ski ," said Steve MacIntoch, one of the founding 
meml>ers and an officer of the newly fOrmed club. 
"And we hallt more than enough capable skiers at 
this school to do it; we just needed someone to get a 
club stalted and organized. Look at San Die", State 
University; they have been skiing for years, and it's 
one of the most popular clubs on campus. In fact, 
they ~t about SB,OOO of [student governmentl 
fundiHg per year." 

The new club, which is open to students, faculty, 
staff and alumni, hopes to offer ski excursions every 
week to the Mission Bay Aquatic Center (MBAC). The 
sessions will most likely be held SWlday mornings, 
when the water is least crowded. 

The founders hope to evetuaDy stan a water ski 
team. According to Tally Dezembere, president of the 
club, "We wanted to first get this club as a major 
support group for a team and then, as we get the 
water ski time gOing, people will hallt had enough 
practice so that they could begin to compete also, 
and we could have a full-fledged intetcoUegiate team.' 

Before the club can organize a ream, it needs to 
have been in existence fOr one quaner, Maclntoch 
said. "We're going to try to stan a team this spring." 

Dezembere said the organization will basically lie a 
mechanism whereby water ski buffs can ski weekly 

and have a great time without spending an exorbiranc 
amount of money. 

"Water skiing i5 very expensive. Normaly, to take f 
class it costs about S40 and that's just for one month, 
once a week, for three hours. What we're Fing to 
offer is S5 per week each session," said Dezembere. 
. "The club is Ittainly for enthusiasts," said 
Dezembere. "If you don't know how to ski, we can't 
teach you. Although it is easy to learn." 

"We're not trying to eliminate anyone, but we're 
not out there to give instructions either," said 
Maclntoch. "We'd like to say that we'd take anyone 
from beginner to advanced ," but, he added, "if you've 
never skiied before, ever, then well suggest that you 
take a class first ." MBAC offers classes every qualter. 

The clul> was founded when Dezembere and some 
of her classmates in an MBAC water skiing dass 

~taned talking about fonning a club and discovered 
that a lot of students were very interested in the idea. 
Club membership will cost SID per quaner. 
According to Dezembere , one of the goals of the club 
is to lower the SID fee to S7 , and the S5 fee to S3 . 

That goal cannot be reached, however, untU the 
organization has been in operation for one quaner, at 
which time It will qualify for AS fundi~g. 

Skiing equipment will be renteaby tFte club from 
MBAC. Extra skis, said Dezembere, are free with thl.. 

boat. but the boat is not inexpensive, at S40 an hour. 
"Since we do not have funding, we cannot afford 

to pay the (MBAC) price," said Duernbm. 
MacIntosh, however, has discussed the club's 

limited budF with the MBAC and has some 
mcoulll8ing news. "I talked to the chief manager at 
the MBAC, and he said that they are going to give 
the boat to us at cost for them. It will be betwt'en S20 
and S30 per hour," he said. 

Aside from the cost of the boats and· skis, wet suits 
can be rented for 51 per day. 

Dezembere does not expect any problems for the 
club, except that the San Diego Scate team uses the 
MBAC facilities elltry day, 'so they might give us a 
little trouble in that they will hallt to give up some of 
their days," she said. 

The club is also planning bubecues at the bay. A 
free barbecue lOr memben is planned fOr Feb. 3. 

The new club hopes to have ski trips to lakes 
north of San Diego, and evenruaOy to the Colorado 
River. 

When the weather grow inclement, there will be 
cancellations, MacIntoch said, but, "If it's not raining, 
well ski no matter what. We'D just wear wet suits. 
That'S when you get the nicest water tOO, when it's a 
little overcast or cloudy . .. The water is like glass on 
days like that." 

Dezembere reponed that the club already has 35 
memben, most of whom have signed up at the water 
ski club table on Revelle Plaza. The rabIe will be there· 
the rest of this week, from 11 to 2. Th£re i5 no 
deadline to join, Dezembere said. 

Dr. Richard Hamilton, professor of Ittathernatics 
and a water ski enthUSiast, has heanily agreed to 
suppon the club as its faculty advisor, Macintoch 
saId. 

-Ulys McCoy 

Thursday, Jan. 24. J 985 3 
NEklS 

w <;- ~~_ ... ~ • ~..... "'.A-~":'~":'~'" ... '"#0 ,.....:;. • ~ ••• ..:~,. ' ~ ~.....' ;N ~ ~: ',»J;'-:' :.-,' ~,,~ • . 

Cartoonist draWing attention 

Conrad on campus 
By PHIL WlLLON. News Edifor 

G lYE POUTlCAL CARTOONIST Paul Conrad a 4"x9N spot on the editorial page and you'll see the 
politicians running for cover. His daily 
cartoons appear in more than 200 
newspapers across the nation and have 
earned hIm three Pulitzer Prizes. Whar 
is it that makes this 60-year-old man 
from Iowa, who was talked into enteri ng 
the profession while having a beer with 
his college editor, such a driving force 
in today's political criticism? 

"It just kind of happened that way," is 
the way he explains it. 

But it didn't just happen. Conrad has 
been drawing for newspapers for 37 
years, producing six originals every 
week. And despite being labeled anti-
semitic, receiving numerous death 
threats, making the famous Enemies Ust 
of Richard Nixon, and just basically' 
pissing a lot of people off, he hopes to 
draw as long as his hands still work and 
he has something to say. 

"I think I make valid statements about 
the current issues. I work some 
personalities pretty good because they're 
elected to run the country, like what's-
his-name who was just sworn in ." 

But Conrad doesn't think of himself 
as a great man and tries to put his fame 
and fonune in their proper perspective. 
"I've always been of the opinion that I'm 
as good as tomorrow's canoon. The 
memory of the public is very, very 
shon." 

Ideas for his drawings come from his 
continuous reading. a ritual he feels 
most people in America neglect. "You 

feed your mind through reading, not 
listening or watching, and a problem 
with a great many of the people today 
who, let's say, go out and vote for 
Ronald Reagan, is that they have really 
no idea of the costs-take the military, 
for example. I don't think people have 
any idea what he's talking about." 

Conrad believes that people don't 
read nearly enough and that the age of 
television has done more harm to public 
awareness than help. "The second 
coming of Christ wouldn't get 90 
seconds on the tube. (1V news) is just 
not news; you're getting what happened 
but not why it happened." 

His critics are many, but Conrad says 
that if his work didn't stir up some 
controversy then he wouldn't be doing 
his job. 

The canoon that received the most 
feedback dealt with the plan to build a 
peripheral canal to supply ~the~ 
California with Nonhern California 
water. It was a hot issue because the 
Northerners were against giving up their 
water. His canoon showed a Nonhern 
Californian urinating on Southern 
California. "The reaction to that was 
unbelievable : Conrad said. "M)' 
publisher was ready to kill me." 

Conrad will be showing 80 slides of 
his most controversial canoons tonight 
in Mandeville Auditorium, and has 
promised to give students his view on 
the current Reagan administration. This 
will be Conrad's second visit to UCSD-
his first was in the late 70s-and he 
said he hopes students will come with 

IF IT'S ON 

TlC~ 

WEVE GOT IT! 

Call: 452-6467 
The UCSD Box Office 

In the Student Center, next to EDNA 

Political cartoonist Paul Conrad next to hs sculpture "Cham Reactwn." 

an open mind and some good 
questiOns. 

Paul Conrad 's cartoons give us his views 
on current issues. The following discussions 
put them into words. 
Conrad on college students 

Although he says he enjoys talking to 
students, and although he has two 
daughters who graduated from Berkeley, 
Conrad is critical of the new student 
conservative trend . 

"I think that, unfonunately, the 
majority of college students aren't aU 
that informed; they are mirrors of their 
parents and the environment they came 
from. Although students are generally 

. more aware than their parents, they 
hallt gotten into an attitude where "I've 
got mine and fuck you' is where it is 
today. It's tOO bad, but that's it." 
Conrad on Ronald Reagan 

There was no invitation to the 
President's Inaugural in Conrad's 
mailbox, but he admits he was never 
really expecting one. Reagan is to 
Conrad what butter is to bread. Images 

of King Reagan, Reagan Hood , General 
Reagan and Almighty Reagan have 
appeared in his drawings time after 
time, and with another four years to go, 
Conrad is expecting to have a field day. 

If there is another four years. Conrad 
doubts the President will last another 
term. "He's done with. He just absolutely 
cannot live up to his campaign; he 
would have to sacrifice everything. He 
won the damn thing on one-liners." He 
expects Reagan will retire while he's still 
a hero. "He and Nancy would be crazy 
to stay back there for four more years. 
What he has done has got this country 
into an absolutely impossible monetary 
situation. There is no way he can pull 
us out of the deficit without a tax 
increase-he can't fLX the economy with 
mirrors." 

Right now. according to Conrad, 
Reagan is waiting for the Democrats in 
Congress to bail him out, and they're 
not going to do it. "I don't blame 
them-let Reagan dig his own way out." 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 > 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

KOD 
DEMON DRUMMERS 

AND DANCERS OF SADO 

"Fabulous ... the Demon Drummas and Dancen of Sado are raJ drwnmcn. t! you miss 
(his brilliant troUpe you wiD never realiu an almost indncriMblt experience." 

New Yon 0.0, NCM 

January 30, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. 512.00, Students $8.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cil 510.00 
LL--_(i)~ETNJN· & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 ~ 



.. Thursday, Jan . 24, 1985 

In consideration of CaIPIRG's campaign 
o one likes liner, with the exception of rodents and aviating 

scavengers. Lots of people, though, like to drive , breathe fresh air and 
take a shower. California, along with the rest of the world, will soon be 
experiencing an oil shortage, massive amounts of pollution due to an 
overusage of coal and natural gas in industries , and a severe water 
shortage resulting from an unfavorable climate and topographical 
positioning. An incremental step to the cure of this malady would be the 
implementation of the Bottle Bill , sponsored by CALPIRG, which 
promotes conservation of resources in a very wasteful world. 
. The Bottle Bill , fonnally known as Proposition 11 during the 1982 
Congressional elections, was soundly defeated at that time by an 
ambitious group of wealthy consumers called "Californians for Suitable 
Laws." Apparently this collection of pragmatic planners felt that the 
saving of massive amounts of oil, water and lungs was not worth the 
cost of possibly laying off a few thousand sanitation workers, slightly 
higher prices for beverages and inconvenience at the supermarket while 
waiting In line to return the depositable items. These judges of 
suitability actually spent $5 .8 million convincing the public that laziness 
is a good thing, environmental negligence is OK and health problems 
don't exist when you do not acknowledge their source. We grant you 
that the public is easily deceived. 

CALPIRG is about to launch a campaign that would place the Bottle 
Bill back on the ballot in 1986. Once again , they will have to fight well-
funded political groups in the newspapers, in legislature and, most 
importantly, on the streets , where votes are either won or lost. 
Campaigns are conducted in many different fashions , and if CALPIRG 
hopes to be successful this time around, they must change their 
clothing. 

For example, the reason why the Bottle Bill was rejected by California 
citizens in 1982 was because the opposition stressed two points that 

really hit home during a recession: inflation and unemployment (re: 
higher beverage prices and a loss of public service jobs like sanitation). 
OppOsition advertisements scorned the effiCiency potential of the 
recycling industry, Citing the woes of attempts by other states to 
conserve resources in this manner. Unto the masses they showered 
threats of "you'll be waiting in phenomenal lines to get your refunds, 
waiting, waiting, and waiting some more ." A most unattractive position, 
they told the downtrodden, "to be standing in a line one mile long, with 
prices rising all around you as your potential for being laid-off rises 
daily because liberal minded students are concerned about the 
environment" With that very statement, CALPIRG, you lost the entire 
blue-collar vote. Where was your counterpunch? 

Politics is a very shrewd game played by discontented individuals. It 
is an ongoing debate between those who would like to retain the Status 
quo without fiddling with recyclable ideas and those who wish for a 
better tomorrow by cleaning up the litter of our forefathers and putting 
it through a better oiled machine; the new technocratic bureaucracy. 

Promises must be made by our little Ralph Naders if they seek the 
passage of the Bottle Bill in 1986. They must present clear, concise 
arguments to each voting block of SOCiety about a very reasonable 
referendum. Let's throw out a few campaign zingers, shan 't we? 

Primarily, CALPIRG should ask the industrial proponents of the bill to 
offer to those santitation workers who get layed off as a result of the bill 
jobs in the recycling sector if they desire them. That way the transition 
period of "from the garbage truck to spanky clean Safeway" will be 
predetennined. Second, a greater inconvenience to the voting public 
would be an entire California that smelled like Los Angeles. Inform the 
voters of that. Third, dress up in dungarees and lumbetjack shirts while 
canvassing urban districts; physical congeniality wins votes. Finally, sing 
your praises of conservation, but not in a conservative baritone. 

ll<eilit<err~n~llitcelf~n®ilit~Ir~n®ilit®lf~ll®frtt®lf~ll®lill®lf~n®~fr®Ir~ll®frfr®lf~ll<ettit~rr~ll~ilit<elf~llce~~<err~llce 
~®lf~lettersllce{ill®lf~ll®llit®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®(t{t®rr~ll®ttfr®lf~n®{ill®lf~ll®fr~celf~llcellit~lf~n®~~celf~n<e~fr® 
lf~n~fr~®Ir~n<e~~<eV'~ll®fdt~rr~ll®ltit®lf~n~ltl(~!f~n®frtt®lf~n®ilit~lf~n®frfr®lf~n~ilit®lf~n®ilit~lf~ll~~trceIr 
Save Our Puppies 
Editor: 

I am writing as an outraged Citizen 
who is sick and tired, to say Ihe least, of 
learning of yet another way in which 
"ManKind" plans to torture "Man's Best 
Friend." This lime we have US Surgical 
Corporation along with Dr. AR Moossa, 
challlnan of the Department of Surgery 
at UCSD. 10 thank US Surgical 
Corporation wtll be sponsoring a 
laboratory sessIon on Jan. 24, at UCSD, 
on stapling lechmques as part of a 
postgraduate seminar in surgery. They 
will be using live dogs (perhaps your 
very own miSSing dog) taken from local 
pounds. The dogs' stomachs wtll be CUt 
open In front of the medical srudents by 
sales trainees. their stomachs will be 
stapled shut to demonstrate the surgical 
staple and they will be killed! Other 
surgical stapling finns have chosen not 
to use live animals to sell or teach about 

stapling. Surgical staplers have been 
used in hospitals since the late '60s, and 
surgical procedures using staples on 
human patients can be viewed in 
hospital operating rooms and taped for 
a more efficient learning expenence; nor 
to mention the lives that would be 
saved! Please, let's let UCSD and US 
Surgical know that we strongly oppose 
the needless animal slaughter for Ihe 
convenience of private profi l! 

Barbara Bartley·Cruz 

Bookstore Buffoonery 
Editor: 

In your article about KB Books on Jan. 
10, you did a real public service . I did 
nor know thai KB Books existed. I am 
glad to hear Ihat finally there is 
compelition for the UCSD Bookstore. I 
cannor believe how many times in my 
four years of UC education I've been 

forced [0 patronize the campus 
bookstore, and 1 have always left 
wishing there was someplace else-
anyplace else-to buy textbooks. My 
complaints are numerous: 

First, books are always missing. I have 
never been able to get all my books in 
one trip. They are always missing a few 
Important textbooks. I can remember 
quite a few courses where class time was 
spent discussing where textbooks could 
be obtained. The usual place was the 
SDSU bookstore . (I understand this is 
somewhal due to the Bookstore under· 
buying, which causes the professor to 
overestimate the size of the class, which 
reinforces the Bookstore under-bUying, 
etc.) 

Second, service is bad. 1 understand 
that the Bookstore docs a 10[ of bUSiness 
the firsl week of the quarter, bUI Ihis is 
really no excuse for the occasional rude 
responses and slow service. When I 

finally made it [0 the front of the line 
this week, I found the checkperson was 
one of the sloweSt 1 have ever seen. I 
know I am not being fair to all of the 
employees of the Bookstore, and I must 
sincerely apologize for this , but at best it 
seems I have particularly bad luck in 
that I always get serviced by 
impressively slow cash regisler 
operators. 

Third, and mosl important, the books 
are overpriced. I have never seen books 
anywhere at higher frices. Even used 
books are a bad dea here . For example, 
I once bought a book here used for more 
(I discovered later) than it Originally had 
cost somebody new (at a different 
bookstore). 

Mr. Paul Mares claims that these 
inflated prices are to support a few 
SpeCIal Services. These services include: 

> CONTtNUED ON PAGE 6 > 

GMPIIC AAlIS1S: JCMf NiNO. JOttf ASH.&. 10M 'lCINKA 
PHOTOGMPHaSt JOttf AStU£. QIDW' BEGIN. EDlffMD 15IWL ClAW - ..... ~JIC., __ .. 

PJU AEl'rtOC), ~ P£CIAI<. NlDY 5CFla' 
STAFF WNTEP.S: MJJl.K 1lRfJTEIGRG. ElHAN FWUT. JOAN ~ ANOAIA~. RON"..,. 

OfIJSTlNA KAUS. OOOEf\T I.£ONE. L1LY5Ik.C(J(, JEFF NU«.. KaLEY NEAL.lAM---
....... ........ ........ ... _ ...... ~~.~~~~ .. '!!N .. !~Y.L~.. . .... .. ....... _.. ... ......... .... ................. _ .. __ ... _ 
PASTE· UP AAnsTS: ~ ASfUI. SHAP.ON NGOI . .tW5ON fltMf. DAVlO rwJI;)W. SEAM'tt'AG5TAFf 
TYP£SETTERS: ~ F\.N, JNlIoWaEN ........ ~ ~ 1HOW6 
BUSINESS MANAGEP.S: OM AotUCE. HNa. DWtOID. Pl1IR ~ 

Thursday. Jan . 24. 1985 5 

..... . . .. ~ , 

Don't expect any nukes agreement 
By JOSEPH ROMM 

Suppose mat the Reagan Administration docs nO[ 
wanl an anns agreement with me Soviets. Suppose, 
also, Ihat defensive weapons in space-the so·caned 
Star Wars weapons-are impractical. Why, then, did 
the two superpowers meel in Geneva and decide to 
hold further talks later in the year? Why did the 
Soviets make such a big issue OUI of Star Wars 
weapons? Before answering mese queslions, I had 
bener defend my two inilial suppositions. 

First, I do nO[ mean to imply that the 
Administration docs nO[ want any anns agreement 
with the Soviets. They would be happy to Sign an 
agreement mat would reduce me ~iets' land·based 
missile force by more than half while allowing the US 
10 build the MX missile, which would drastically 
increase the mreat to the remaining Soviet missiles. 
This was, in facl, Ihe Administration's proposal during 
the START talks. What I mean, is that the Reagan 
Administration docs not want an anns agreement thai 
would be even marginally acceptable 10 the Soviets. 
Perhaps a brief elaboration of me strategic balance 
might make this dearer. 

The strategic nudear bombs of each side are 
delivered in one of three ways: by submarine·based 
missiles (SLBMs), bv bombers and by Iand·based 
missiles (ICBMs). The US keeps 3000 of its 5000 SLBM 
warheads at sea all me time, where they are 
"invulnerable as far into the future as we can project." 
according to studies by me Navy, the CIA, the Defense 
InteDigcnce Agency, Rand Corporation and the 
Congressionaf Office of Technology Assessment (OTA). 
The Soviets ~ep only 300 of meir 2000 SLBM 
warheads at sea all me time, but the relatively nolsey 
Soviet subs are considered somewhat vulnerable to me 
superior US anti·submarine warfare technology. 

Tbe US has 1000 of its 3000 bomber warheads on 
aim jell that can be expected to take off quickly 
enough to survive a Soviet attack and deliver their 
weapons, as me much-vaunted Soviet air defenses can 
be riddled with holes with a very few missile 
warheads. The Soviets, on the omer hand, reportedly 
keep none of their 300 or so bomber warheads on 
a1en. 

Finally, the US has aboul 2100 warheads on about 
1000 ICBMs, while me Soviets have more than 5500 
warheads on 1400 ICBMs. Depending on whether 
enemy weapons perform bener or worse d~ng 
wartime than expected from peacetime testing, the US 
might have anywhere from 300 to 1000 of .its ICBM 
warheads survive a Soviet attack today, while the 
Soviets might have anywhere from 1500 to 3000 of its 
ICBM warheads survive a US attack. Whatever the 
actual numbers are, they will decrease drastically over 
time, as each side increases the accuracy of its 
missiles. 

Thus, in tenns of the weapons that actually serve to 
deter an enemy attack-those weapons that could 
survive the attack and be used in a retaliation-the US 
is much more secure man the Soviet Union. The US 
has some 4000 weapons on subs at sea and alen 
bombers that are likely to remain invulnerable to attack 
for the foreseeable future, while the ~ets have nearly 

their entire deterrent force on ICBMs that are 
becoming Increasinidy vulnera~le to attack eve.ry year. 

It is no wonder that the SOVIets wiD never sign an 
agreement that essentially only reduces ICBMs. Yel, the 
Administration is obsessed with ending the Soviet 
numerical advantage in ICBMs, the so·caned window· 
of-vulnerability, In spite of the fact that the President's 
own Commission on Strategic Forces (the Scowcroft 
Commission) said that the "window" did not exist. 

The prospect of an effective space·based defense 
against nuclear weapons being built in the next 25 
years is equally dubious. The vast majority of scientists 
have long argued the impracticality of Star Wars 
defensive weapons, bUI then, who believes scientists? 
On the omer hand, you might be surprised 10 know 
that vinually every major independent military or 
Doonesbury 

THE GOP5I/1l& WffH I J./5T 1m 
YaJ,JllNllTA. THINK HIS TlS5I£I5 
(F 7H£ OWS 16it!N5T C1»fPAT18l£ 
flNPlN6A WfTH]}E.{lf. · 
STIFF CIP/ENTt5. 

HE FfT MY Pf?OFII.&. 
HE WAS Cl16t/l,VA. 

TIVE 8UTNYT 
()()cTRlNAIIlE . 

I 

technical group that has studied the matter has 
recommended against the kind of massive expenditures 
Ihe Reagan Administration has caBed for. This includes 
the OTA, the Defense Science Board (unanimously) 
and even the Presidential Scowcroft Commission, 
which interviewed hundreds of technical experts over 
a period of months. 

If Star Wars will nO[ work, why are the Soviets 
refusing to discuss offensive weapons unless space 
weapons are limited? The reason is that such a ploy 
either: 1) forces the US to admit that all its claims that 
Star Wars would work and would be desirable were 
false-making it look like the Soviets were responsible 
for preventing an arms race in space, or 2) helps drive 
a wedj(e between the US and rest of NATO. 

)()u fXJNi uvwr 70 PICK A Nt/.IJ 
RJGHT (Xl. ~ RtPtJJl.1-
CAN. '!W N£E.[J ~ P/H0'5 
fHlt.DSa'HKJlJ.l.Y P/.IANT B¥JIKjH 
10 ACCEPT .A CJfIW'£ CF HEMT. 

" 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 
BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

All YOU CAN FAT 
_~\ SPAGHElll1 f$~ 
~~.ov- $2.50 ~ 

It EVERY MONDAY - 3PM m CLOSE 'I 
THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 

WELCOMES BACK 
STUDENTS a FACULTY 

(Get there early for best seating) 

WE DELIVER PIZZA 
minimum $10.00 order 

PARlY nMElEXAM nMElANY TIME 
CA'l'CIIIIONDAY NIGHT POOTIIW. AT ]BNNY'S 

4 1/z( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon. - Thurs. 8 am - 8 pm 
Frl. 8am-6pm 

Sat. 10 am - a pm 
Sun. 12 noon -5 pm 

THE FUTURECOP"( PlACE 

.---------------------------

: UCSD SPECIAL : 
: FIU!E PITCHER OF BEER : 
: W11H lARGE PIZZA : 

I 
I Offer DOt IOOd with any other diaCOUDt. I L _.~ ___ - Coupon good throuJh 2/3/8' - - - - - --

) ~ ~~'% 3945 Governor Dr .. Govcmor 81 ' ,\~\~\ KITCHEN Genaec. Sefeway ShopplnQ Center [ Chicago Style Italian Eatery 5 Minutes to UCSD Campus 
HOME COODD POOD AT PAST POOD mas. 



6 Thursday, Jan . 24, 1985 

~ cettit\elf ~ll \e{t{ttelf ~n <ettit 
fr<elf$iettersllcettit<elfS 

lf~ll<e{t{t®lf~n<ettit<elf~ll~ 
< CDNTlNUED FROM PAGE .. < 

Extended Hours of Operation: Is this 
man serious? Their hours of operation 
are 8 to 4:45! These are almost as bad 
as banker's hours . I know of no other 
retail business in San Diego (bookstores 
or otheIWise) that closes earlier than 
4:45. Early in Fall quarter one day I 
drove to campus purely to buy a 
schedule of classes. I showed up at the 
Bookstore at-precisely 4:47 to find a 
very rude individual barring entry. Sure 
enough, I was forced to make a second 
special trip to campus the next day so· 
that I could buy the 35-cent class 
schedule. 1 suppose the "extended 
hours" is referring to the six hours it is 
open on Saturday. 1 would like to 
remind Mr. Mares that most stores are 
in fact open on Saturday, and usually 
this includes the entire day. 

Return Policies: I have never known a 
store of any type to give me more hassle 
about returned items than the UCSD 
Bookstore. This is a particularly sore 
point with me. One incident involved 
actually being accused of stealing the 
book, even though the book was in new 
condition and the receipt was presented 
as reqUired. 

But. folks, we an know the actual 
reason that prices are so exorbitant at 
the Bookstore: It has a monopoly on the 
students at UCSD. There have been no 

other places convenient for students to 
buy textbooks. SDSU is a long drive. 
Those students without cars find it 
nearly impossible to get to any other 
bookstore. Most universities have several 
bookstores within walking distance. 
Here at UCSD, it really does not matter 
how much the Bookstore charges; the 
students are more or less forced to buy 
texts here. 

Because of this, the Bookstore has 
become fat and lazy. For many years 1 
had come to the conclusion that 
somebody was making a healthy profit 
from Bookstore revenues. I learn now 
that the Bookstore is "non-profit." let us 
not be confused by what this means. 
The Bookstore is not run by the 
university, it is run by a completely 
separate company. Where do the 
surplus funds go? Back into the 
Bookstore. Hmmmm. Neat trick. Notice 
that even though it is non-profit, few of 
the "surplus funds" ever make it back to 
the student body. My best guess is that 
the healthy profit margin (which Mr. 
Mares freely admits exists) must be lost 
in the inefficiency of the operation of 
the UCSD Bookstore. In other words, it 
has gotten fat and lazy. 

It is for exactly this reason that I am 
so pleased to learn of an alterntive 
source of textbooks. Furthermore, I was 
nO( particularly surprised to learn that 
the Bookstore is fighting the existence 
of a competitor. The Bookstore is afraid 
it will have to sit up and do some work. 
This fear of competition is not fully 
justified; the Bookstore proVides a lot of 
services that KB Books could not hope 
to compete against (clothing, pictures, 

stationery suplies, general interest books , 

TGI F ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

.. u 
c::l 

Where hayeyou been hiding? 
Come join tlie fun this Friday, 
4 PM on the hump. 
Dance to THERMAL SHOCK. 
FREE FOOD AND DRINK JAN . 25 1185 

computers , etc.). It is hard for me to 
imagine that the Bookstore seriously 
feels threatened by an organization that 
seems to be a little more effiCient at 
providing the more popular textbooks to 
students. My question here is, if the 
Bookstore is non-profit , why should it 
care If a part of its job is taken over by 
a student organization? 

To be convenient for students, books 
should be available withm walking 
distance of the campus. Because of the 
zoning of the area around UCSD and 
the price of land , it is hard to imagine a 
place off campus that will allow KB 
Books to offer as great a discount as 
they can on campus. It saddens me to 
see the representatives of the Bookstore 
resorting to rules and technicalities in 
their attempt to banish KB Books. The 
issue here should be, "What is of greater 
service to the students and faculty of 
UCSD?" 

Note that the profit that KB Books 
makes is in effect "taxed" by the AS, so 
this money actually makes it back into 
the hands of srudents, which is much 
better than the Bookstore where the 
profit is somehow lost in limbo. On the 
other hand to me as a student, It does 
not matter how much profit KB Books 
makes as long as the prices are 
significantly less than those of the 
Bookstore. This is, after all, the 
American way. 

Providing textbooks to srudents is a 
vital service for the university. It is 
dangerous to entrust this service to a 
monopoly. Competition in this area 
would be very healthy, at almost no risk. 
If KB Books fails to provide a better 
alternative to the Bookstore, it will die-

no damage done. But, if it can provide a 
better service, the students stand to 
gready benefit from it. My compliments 
to those students who had the initiative 
to start KB Books, and I wish them luck 
in theIr struggle to provide this sorely 
needed service. 

Keith D. S_nson 

Nuke 
agreentents 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 < 

The key point in the second case is 
that Star Wars, if it could work, would 
protect only the US, and not Europe, 
from a Soviet attack. If the US were to 
abandon offensive anns limitation in 
favor of a defensive arms race, it would 
represent a very serious threat to NATO 
unity. 

lastly, why is the US talking to the 
Soviets if, in fact, it does not really want 
an agreement? Simply put, the 
Administration claims that the Geneva 
talks "prove" that its continuing arms 
build-up is driving the Soviets to the 
bargaining table. It is no coincidence 
that the Geneva talks come right at the 
same time that budget cuts in the 
military are being demanded by both 
parties. 

For these reasons, I would bet that 
the Reagan Administration will not 
achieve a substantive arms control 
agreement with the Soviets during its 
second term. 

CORPORATE BANKING 
~Lloyds Bank 

~ -Califumia 
a member of the 

world-wide Lloyds Bank Group, will be on campus to 
discuss careers in Corporate Banking. Recent 
developments in the industry and the Bank's Training 
Program will also be discussed. 

Friday, January 25, 1985 
1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 
Revelle Formal Lounge 

Interested students should sign-up in the Career Services 
Center. 

students WINTER CLEARANCE SALE UP TO 50% OFF 
save over 50% 

on REFORM®REFOORAPH 
TECHNICAL 4 PEN SETS! 

It save 20% 
Off Most Materials 
thru Februaryll 
-wIth a va"d student I 0 you get a ~ markdown 
on any purchase! (excluding custom framing, furniture 
and a few net Items) 

~ !h~E£j~ydr!EO§!Qs-oe .. ~~ 4883 .1 

TIIursdrly, jan. 24, 198' 7 
NE~ 
""'~~ • • ,.;<;.J>. ~;': '.~i', " .. ;,;--..... ... N "'. ">;ooz;-;. ~"' »~" ..oJ:?~, :." • d • F ..... ~.l> ' ~ ':.-........ ' ~~;{.h.{)o' • N ::.: 

Cover story 

Message in a Bottle Bill 

By ULYS McCOY 

THROUGH MASSIVE LOCAL and statewide grassroOlS campaigning, the California Public Interest 
Research Group (CalPIRG) hopes to 
reinstate the Bottle Bill as a public 
concem and pass the legislation within 
this year. 

CalPIRG believes this goal can be 
achieved by encouraging college 
students to go to the public and the 
legislators to educate them about this 
bill, which would save resources, money 
and clean up a large percentage of 
California's litter. 

"The people actually doing the 
research, doing the advocacy work and 
the accountability sessions with the 
legislators," said Kate Metzger, the State 
CalPIRG assistant organizing director, 
"are all students, and I'm absolutely 
convinced that these kind of things, like 
the Bottle Bill legislation (in other states) 
and the art supply legislation would not 
have been passed without the students." 

Said Cindy jacques, the UCSD 
CalPIRG volunteer coordinator, "It's a 
way to apply all the classroom learning 
we have here-students learn that they 
should conserve their resources and that 
they should be involved citizens and be 
a part of the decision-making process. A 
campaign like this is a way to tum that 
concern into action and work on a 
project that irnpacts students as citizens 
and also the community at large." 

The CalP1RG Stucl.ent Board of 
Directors voted the Bottle Bill their 
major concem on September 15 and 16 
during their Scate Board of Directors' 
Training Advance Conference. . 

Since 1972, when Orqon became the 
first state to pass the Bottle lIlIl, ei3ht 
ara ha~ fOllowed, including Vennoru. 
Massachuseas and Michipn. 

The IIoaIc BIlL. by pIaciD& a 8ve-ccnt 
rcfundIbIe dcpoIit on aluminum cans. 
plastic bocdes and glass bouIes, will 
encoUIIF custOmers to retUrn the 
container in exchange for the deposit. 

Because the production of each new 
bottle or can uses petroleum, natural gas 
and coal as its main inpur:, recycling 
these beYerage containers would save 
13.1 trillion BTUs or 110 miBIon pDons 
of psolIne. 

An average boule or can is recyclable 
nine times, said jacques. 

A Califomia deposit law, according to 
a CaIPIRG study of the bill, would also 
eliminate about 80% of container litter 
and, as a result, 40% of the total litter 
would be reduced. These figures are 
comparable to those in Botde BiD states, 
such as Vermont and Ore~n, with 86% 
and 84% litter reductions, respectively. 

The number of cans and botdes 
recycled would increase 90% in 

Califomia, the report said. The bill 
would also save 7.6 billion gallons of 
water per year by reducing the use of 
water in beverage related firms by .30%. 

In 1982, a Botde Bill was pUC- on the 
ballot as Proposition 11, but lost, .... % to 
56%. CalPIRG blamcs this on the 55.8 
million spent by "California for Suitable 
laws- in a four-week media blitz against 
the bill. CalPIRG and its supporters 
spem 5920,000 in the same time frame . 

During the four weeks before the 
voting, the public was sarurated with 
"No on 11· commercials paid for by 
"Californians for Suitable laws," said 
Metzger.They warned against problems 
such as higher beverage prices, massive 
unemployment due to fewer jobs related 
to sanitation problems and 
inconvenience to patrons having to 
stand in line to return bottles and cans. 

In its study of the Bottle Bill, Ca1PIRG 
retaliated by Citing that soft drinks cost 
less in Oregon, Vermont, Maine and 
Connecticut than in neighboring stateS 
due to the fact that 39% of the cost is 
the can itself. 

Although beer prices are equivalent in 
some Botde Bill states and neighboring 
non-Bottle Bill states, Michigan, Maine 
and Connecticut aD have higher beer 
prices than the non-Boule Bill states 
next to them. The repon claims that this 
difference is due to the fact that 
beverage companies are reluctant to 
make the swtrch from disposable to 
reusable containers. 

According to the study, about 4,648 
jobs were creaced in Michigan. It 
predictS that the legislation will create 
approximately 4,781 jobs. 

"In an the ara with the Botdc BiDs," 
said Jacques, "The Health Dcpemnent 
has ~po~ no problems. Except in 
M:!:where there were some 
co bus Iodpi. Thcre£me. in 

. Cali , our Bocde Btl would ftqUIR 
that you bring your bottles back clean 
and let it be up to the 5IO~ owner to 
take them or not.· 

Auromatlc redempdon c:enms, or 
rnene vending machines that mum 
the depoIit. would counteract any 
inconvenience for CUIUIIIIUS who miaht 
otheJWise have to walt In Uncs, said 
j~ aroups opposed to the Bcxde 
Bill ny .. in to dlscOUfllC IeJjslators 
from pusi .. the measure, calPIRG fms 
they can beat them. 

"I think we can combat It; Metzger 
said. "We proved in '82 that we could 
combat the money. We didn't win in 
the long run, but in the areas where we 
were able to educate people in the 
community, we didn't. We proved that 
education (of the public) tnd grassroots 
wort< far outWC igh fi nancial 

contribution ... constituents' power to a 
legislator or constituents' interest is far 
more important than a $5,000 or 
$10,000 contribution. We just have to 
prove that there are enough people out 
there who are concerned." 

Although the Bottle Bill failed to pass 
in 1982, the CalPIRG study reported 
that 83-84% of Californians polled were 
in favor of such a rneasure. 

"I've organized on the Bottle Bill 
before in other states, and it's a great 
issue; people love it," said Jacques. 
"They can always do something. They 
can bike for the Bottle Bill or just come 
and find out about it. They can leaflet 
and, once you know the issue, it's great, 
because it makes perfecuense." 

CalPIRG is stronser now and better 
prepared than in '82, mainly because it 
has been a statewide organization for 
about three years. 
"I think we can win it this time. There 
are more PIRGs in the state, and we're 
stronger, if you compare 30,000 to 
90,000 people." 
. After the UCSD CalPIRG's campaign 

kickoff on Wednesday, jan. 30, they wiD 
begin involving students in writing 
legislature, 10K runs, phoning coalitions 
and supermarket tabling where one 
student could coUect 25 letters from 
concemed citizens in a few hours . 

"I think that if people knew the 
difference that one person can make 
(then) they would start thinking they 
should get involved . . . The ramifications 
of thinking that I, as one person, can do 
nothing (are detrimental) when you 
perpetuate that with vague requests for 
so many thousands of letters (to be senr 
to legislators) that one person thinks, 
'Big deal, what am I going to dor But 
when you bring it down to a small, 
concrete number that you can personally 
bring in, 20-25 letters in a couple of 
hours, that's when students realize that 
they can make a difference. Twenty-five 
letters on one issue is a phenomenal 
public outcry." 

"We know we can win," said jacques. 
"It's working in ninc stateS where 
citizens haw: won, and ir's just a matter 
of gctti .. the word out.. Ii:I 

Recycling these 
beverage containm 
would save 13.7 
trillion BTUS or 110 
million gallons of 
gasoline.... It would 
also eliminate about 
80% of container litter 
and, as a result, 40% 
of the total litter 
would be reduced. 



8 Thursday. jan. 24. 1985 
Ne~ 

, ~ -'$; • ...; -. • -.': -, '. -.;<;, ' • ~ 
.. "'~:-:':"""''''' .. , .... ,. 

Conrad 
< CONllNUED FROM PAGE ) <. 
Conrad on abortion 

UC accepts fewer minorities 
Paul Conrad is a Catholic, and his 

opposition to abortion is often 
graphically displayed in his cartoons. 

"I don't know when life begins, and 
neither does anybody else," he said. 
"Sure, a woman is entitled to the rights 
of her own body-there's no question 
about that But women don't know when 
life begins, and I don't know, but il's 
murder if it begins at conception." 

The increasing role of religion in 

SCaodioIIOI'. 

government and the adoption of an 
anti-abortion platform by the nation's 
conservatives has drawn a 101 of comic 
criticism from Conrad, and he feels that 
his pro-life stance has much more 
validity than theirs. 

"With the conservatives, there is the 
belief that life begins with conception-
but their support for life ends at birth. 
They don't want any programs that 
would benefit the unfortunates that find 
themselves pregnant, no programs to 
take care of them if they choose to go 
the full term and give birth. That's 
criminal." ~ 

By JANE ROSENBERG 

A A REPORT SHOWING that Black hi h school students in ~ifornia are less likely to meet 
admission requirements for the 
University of California and the 
California State University system than 
students in other minority groups was 
released Jan. 15. 

The California Postsecondary 
Education Commission's 71-page study 
on UC and CSU freshmen who 
graduated from public high schools 
between September 1982 and August 
1983 showed that only 3.6% of me 
Black students surveyed were eligible to 
attend ue. 

Only 10.1 % of the Black studentS in 
the study-l ,202 graduating seniors-
were eligible for admission to a CSU 
school. The CPEC report, which 
entailed a review of more than 13,000 
student transcripts from 95% of the 
state's high schools, also stated that the 
average Black student grade point 
average of 2.26 is 14.1% lower than the 
state average of 2.63. 

But more disturbing, the project 
director for the study pointed out, is the 
enroDment rate of those Black students 
eligible to enroll at UC-1.6%. 

"3.6 is a miserable percentage, but 
we're not even getting those kids into 
the colleges," said Jeanne Ludwig. who 
also is a postsecondaty education expert 
at CPEe. "It may have something to do 
with institutional image, or outreach 
programs: 

Hispanic students' eligibility rate also 
fell below the state average of 13.2% at 
UC and 29.2% at CSU. Only 4.9% of 
the 2,261 Hispanics surveyed could 
enroD at a UC school and only 1.6% of 
the sample actually enrolled. 

For answers to questions 
about financing your education beyond high school, 

contact a local school or college financial aid office about 
free public workshops. 

January Is Anancla. Aid Awareaas Moath 

Asian students, numherins 16,042 in 
the study, had the highest eligibility 
rate-26% for UC and 49.1 %-1It CSU. 
They also registered the highest 
attendance rate-6O% of those eligihle 
for UC actually enrolled and 28.3% 
eligible for CSU admission actually 
attended. 

Despite their low eligibility rate, Black 
students' enrolbnent rate for students 

who co~ be admitted to a four-year 
school was four percentage points 
higher than the state average of ..0.2% 
at UC and .1 % higher than the state 
average of 23.7% at CSU. 

The report also showed that women 
had a slightly higher eligibility rate at 
UC than men-14.2% compared to 
12.6%-and that while White students 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

'Assassin' injured 
during escape 

Tuesday evening Revelle freshman Jeff Garofalo fell from a third story ledge of 
Galathea HaD, fracturing his left ankle, while trying to escape a failed assassination 
attempt in the dorm encounter game KAOS (Killing As an Organized Sport). 

Garofalo was taken to the Scripps Memorial dinic emergency room, then 
transferred to Kaiser Hospital, where he is awaiting word on possible surgety for 
two fractures and removal of a noating bone fragment. 

KAOS was created to encourage students to meet each other. Each player is 
asSigned a target who must be assassinated with a rubber dart gun. Players 
themselves are targets of other assassins. One is pennitted to kill either the 
assigned target or the pursuing assassin. Kills must be "clean;" no witnesses and 
outside dorm rooms and bathrooms. 

Garofalo described the events befqre his faD. "1 climbed up from the 200 to .he 
300 suite in order to surprise my target. 1 entered and shot him, but it didn't count 
because there were wimesses. I rushed to escape my target's counterattack. As 1 
began climbing o~ the railing, I slippe~. I was able to grab onto some vines on my 
way down, breaktng my faD and mIssIng the waD below and a sprinkler head." 

Revelle Resident DeanJudith Edwin said, "The game gives the students a chance 
[0 meet other people. We teU the students that this does not allow them to break 
donn rules: 

"It's a good game," said Garofalo. "1 just got carried away." ~ 
- Christopher Canole 
~--~------------------------------~------~,. 

University Events Office presents 

- .\ 

an_wa 
UFour more yeanlu 

An Evening With 

January 24, Thursday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. 56.00, Students 54.00 
Fae /Staff /Sr.Cit $'.00 

"'--_ UCSD Box Office & (tTItMEl'NJN-: 4'2-4"9 

Children's disease 
diagnosed before birth 
By JUDY BERFLEIN 

T HE CHILD APPEARED healthy at birth . She weighed in at seven pounds and was 20· long. She had 
a good appetite and her skin was soft 
and pink. However. within a shon time, 
the parent's excitement sunounding her 
birth was replaced by fear. First, the 
baby refused her feedin~. Her breath. 
they noticed, smelled like acetone. She 
began to vomit and only stopped when 
she lost consciousness. Her body was in 
shock and she had slipped into a coma. 

This child suffers from a rare 
hereditary disorder caUed propionic 
acidemia . Withoul treatment she may 
survive; but, it won't be an easy life. 
When she went into shock, her blood 
pressure decreased and her brain was 
unable to receive suffiCient blood . This 
shon deprivation caused permanent 
damage, and left her mentally retarded. 
She will never grow to a normal size. 
Her bones will become brittle. Normal 
tumbles and falls may lead to breaks 
and fractures. Until recently, no 
treatment or pre-natal diagnosis existed 
for this disease. 

Thursday afternoon, Jan. 17, as part 
of the Distinguished Faculty lecture 
Series, Dr. Bill Nyhan, department chair 
of pediatrics here at UCSD, gave a talk. 
He spoke on the management of 
propionic acidemia and other related 
diseases. These diseases are hereditary. 
They are caused by "inborn errors of 
metabolism." The body is unable to 
make a specific enzyme due to an error 
in the genetic material. Enzymes are 
e sential for almost every event in your 
system. They bring molecules together 
so you can build important structures, 
such as muscle , bone and skin . They 
help break larger molecules apart to 
supply energy for work. If a particular 
enzyme is missing, certai n chemicals 

- will accumulate where they are not 
supposed to, ultimately causing damage 
to that area. In priopionic acidemia . the 
chemical propionic acid builds up. The 
child's body doesn 't have a full set of 

, 

instructions for making aU of the 
needed enzymes. The ceUs aren't 
producing the specific enzyme 
responsible for breaking the propionic 
acid down . 

Symptoms for propionic acidemia are 
overwhelming, but the symptoms 
themselves don't point immediately to a 
cause . Scientists in the past had been 
unable to detect markers for the disease 
in routine blood and urine tests. 
However, with more extensive analysis 
and good detective work, Dr. Nyhan's 
group revealed the deficient enzyme of 
propionic acidemic patients. They 
found unusuaUy high levels of 
methylcitric acid in the patient's urine. 
They also demonstrated the absence of 
the important enzyme, propionyl CoA 
carboxylase, in cultured ceDs. 

Management of metabolic disorders 
consists of two approaches: therapy 
enabling living children to control the 
existing disease , and/or pre-natal 
diagnosis for parents known to be at 
risk. This includes parents who have 
already had one child with the disease. 

Dr. Nyhan's group has developed tests 
for pre-natal diagnosis . The health care 
provider removes amniotic fluid from 
the sac sunounding the baby. This is a 

. traditional procedure for amniocentesis, 
a pre-natal diagnostic measure. The 
traditional method involves growing 
cells from the Iluid. Some defects can be 
readily identified with a limited supply 
of ceUs and only a few weeks growing 
time. However, diseases such as 
propionic acidemia requjre up to a few 
months. At this point, therapeutiC 
abortion would no longer be possible if 
the disease was detected. 

To avoid this problem, Nyhan 
developed a Simpler approach. He uses 
the amniotic fluid alone. The fluid is 
analogous to human urine. He measures 
methylcitric aCId in the fluid Just as he 
would in a urine sample. If the levels are 
high , he can be assured of the presence 
of the disease. He can then inform the 

MAKING DICISIONS IASIER 
Family Plonning Associotes Medicol Group's professionol concerned 
stoff con give you the support you need when moking decisions 
obout your personal health core needs. Call today for an immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while 'you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

., FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

. 

parents of their risk early on in the 
pregnancy. 

"lightning must alway strike" 
beforehand however, says Dr. Nyham. If 
the family has no hiStory of these 
problems, they would not take 
advantage of such an expensive and 
specialized test. Then how can one deal 
with the living child? Will the threat of 
quietly slipping into a coma always be 
with them. 

Because of Dr. Nyhan's world 
renowned work, those rare individuals 
can receive treatment. As stated earlier. 
the toxic chemical in this disease is 
propionic acid . Propionic acid is 
produced from breakdown of protein, 
that is in excess of the needs for 
growth . If the child has no extra protein 
in the body, if the body utilizes every 
ounce of protein eaten, there will be no 
excess. There will also be no 
accumulation of propionic acid. 
Therefore, treatment includes limiting 
the child's intake of protein. Dr. Nyhan 
says they have children living on such 
low protein levels, people don't believe 
they can survive. Yet they do, and 
without the complications they 
experienced on a normal diet. 

The diseases are rare and most 
physicians arc not familiar with them. 
Dr. Nyhan's reputation for effective 
treatment and diagnosis has brought 
him patients from around the world . 
From Saudi Arabia to Italy, concerned 
parents consult Dr. Nyhan and send 
him urine samples and amniotic Iluid 
for analysis. In facl, as he slipped away 
from his talk on Thursday, he was 
cornered in the hall by someone with a 
large package . lIS contents: urine from 
Buenos Aires. 

The Distinguished Faculty Lecture 
Series honors one medical school faculty 
member each month. It provides an 
opportunity for Internationally 
recognized faculty to share their 
research with fellow colleagues. The 
public is welcome to attend. fi:d 
___ . __ IXITTHTHtSAD _____ , 

_ ~f 26 
elBa ,,;/ogurf ,,1lfair 

frozen ~ogurt creations 
2 for 1 

Buy one smell scMng 
end get one FREEl 

• ~ ALSO HONOR All. • 
~ PARlOA COlJIONS 

10l:l TorTe( Pines Rd. In .. Grnet AWnue 
at Her!cheI Pecific Beach 

1.11 JoIIe -4US0483 

L "54-4869 Expire jan. 29, 1985 
- - - -ONE PER OJSTCMR- - - -I 

I3()VI§ ~ . 
I3~A() 

C(). 
• LMge .leellon of beMII & flnd.ngs for the f'aIhIon 

d ....... .net bud 
WOI1cItr. 

• Ar1IIqw buds f'Iom 
.RMN the wortd for the 
coIIecIDr. 

6IZ IIIfth Ave •• s.n '*10 
In 1M Gn"riIp~ Mon.-sa IO...t:JO pm 

69601. 

Thursday. jan. 2,., 1985 9 
;,' 

.... ,«oX-,. 'J'. _,·VN»$;·.~ •.. ~., .•• ::,: •.. ,.,. : 

Minorities 
< CONTiNUED FROM PAGE 8 < 
beat the state average eligibility rate by 
2.3%, they feD below the average 
enroOment rate by five percentage 
points. 

The report contains no 
recommendadons on Increasing 
minority student eligibility but ludwig 
said such sugestions may be 
forthcoming in a March update of the 
study. She added one of the proposals 
will caD for another survey. 

UC conducted its last eligibility study 
in the mid-1970s, but CP£C was unable 
to compare its present day figures with 
the university's dalll due to differences 
in research methods, Ludwig said. The 
lack of a similar study has left CP£C 
without any figures which could show 
trends among the minority student 
population. 

"There is a movement to do a study 
every year, but 1 don't think that's 
realistic. The time line should be every 
two years: she said. "There should be 
another one no later than fall 1986, 
when new UC admission policies go 
into effect' 

Ludwig said she had no explanations 
for the low eligibility rates among 
minority students, adding the reasons 
were "almost countless." 

"It could be the schools they're 
attending, the suppon they receive at 
home, peer pressure ... maybe the state 
has not put a lot of effort into 
supporting an educational environment 
for these kids," she said. 

Ludwig added that no one sector of 
public education can be held 
accountable for the results. "Everyone 
has a share of responsibility for this 
situation. This report focuses on 
eligibility; that's isolating it from the 
whole stream of events," she said. 

UC Student Lobby officials expressed 
dismay over the repon's results but 
reserved comment until they could 
review the study. Speaking to the 
Student Body Presidents' Council last 
week, UC Senior Vice President for 
Academic Affairs William Frazer said 
the university hoped the survey wouki 
show an increase in minOrity eligibilty. 
A 1975 university study registered the 
rate among Black students at 5%, he 
said. 

"It leads us to scratch our heads and 
say "What else can we be doing?" he 
said . rm 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS. 

"Are YOII OK to driL'e!" 
"Whal:~ ale/(' beersl" 

"Did YOII have too IIlIIcli to d,·illk!" 
"rill jJn.1ectlyjiue: 

"Ale YOII ill allY shape to dril'er" 
"rt'e lIet'l!l'leil /)()Hel:" 

"/ Jhiuk yUlI'ce had ale/(' too lIIaIlY." 
"YOII kiddill, / call d,-it'/! 

witli Illy f,lles closed: 

-YOIt'VI! had 100 IIIllch 10 d,·i Ilk, 
let /1/1" drit'/!: 

"Nobody dl-it'e~ 1111/ ('11/ ' bullI/e: 

DltN(ING AND DRIVIG 
CAN KI1 A FRBIDSI. 

u.s. 0..-- '" '"'"""" ...... r!!I 



,,' 

10 Tliursday, Jan . 24, 1985 

Un poquito 
By JON PREIMESBERGER 
"L ET'S GO NIGHTCLUBI NG in 

l) ," I told my frie nd Dan over 
the phone in response to the 

inevitable, "What are ~e gonna do 
tonight7" 

In an hour we were on the freeway 
south, and I recalled for him the last 
night I spent in Tijuana, a hot summer 
one WIth luscious strawberry margaritas 
and tables full of dark, beautiful women. 

Five rrtiles from Mexico, a hill of 
Starry light appeared before us . 

"T]." I ceremoniously said. 
"And which light are we going tor 

Dan asked facetiously. 
I randomly picked one, as if choosing 

our fate . 
"That one-right there." 
We crossed the border and were 

divened a couple of times in wrong 
directions, around sudden potholes and 
around and around craffic circles until I 
saw and pronounced it, "There-
Guadalajara Grill." 

At the entrance, four stem men eyed 
us fiercely; one was a bouncer, another 
looked like a waiter, a third was 
uniformed and the last looked 
ridiculously like the cook. All were 
wordless and only the bouncer nodded 
slightly in grim approval as we passed. 

Music and emptiness greeted us 
insIde. It was sull early. but them were 
already a few scattered groups. We 
found some seats behind a table of six 
girls, and before we sat down the waiter 
from the door was requesting our order. 

I turned to Dan , "Have you ever seen 
a waiter swoop more eagerly than that'" 

"He also stepped on my foot," Dan 
said angrIly. "And what about that going 
over we got at the door." 

Our main ente nainment at first was 
the table of girls, who were dressed up 
so compietely they were unmistakably 
not American. Whenever a new song 
came on, they would all sh riek and then 
talk excitedly and one or two would 
race over to the deejay with fu nher 
requests. Dan kept looking about, 
decidedly unimpressed; I gOt 
interminent glances from one of the 
girls in white . 

A crowd gradually weaved together, 
fri ends hailing friends , couples in arms, 
packs of dark-haired girls and some 
very 18-looking guys who were loudly 
and undecorously coming on to the six 
girls. 

"Don't you feel son-of out of placeT' 
Dan asked . 

"Yeah," I agreed. "But this is another 
country. Don't you feel the auraqion? 

A face flashed familiarity. "Hey, that's 
your friend Gary': 1 said. 

We called him over and he was nO{ 
so much surprised at running into us as 
to why we were at Guadalajara. 

"This place is old, a has-been," he 
said, explaining that he had only come 
in so his wife could use the restroom. 
They were waiting with friends in line 
to set in at Oh, an immensely popular 
nightclub across the street. 

"Finish those drinks and come with 
us." 

There were hundreds of people 
waiting to enter all. Gary's friends were 
near the front of the tine. 

"You guys are lucky I found you-this 
is the place if you want to go dancing 
in 1]." 

The line shuffled forward slowly; five 
or SIX guys at the door were scrutinizing 
IDs, taking lots of time to look tough. 
Gloomy couples were turned away for 
apparently being under 18. 

Behind us. a 24-year old, Annabelle 

from Bonita, worried vocally with her 
girlfnends over her J 6-year old sister, 
and finally asked me to act as her 
sister's date to improve her chances in 
getting past the inquisition at the door. 
At the entrance, it was one of Gary's 
friends who was stupidly singled out for 
having an unallowable Prince hairstyle. 
Gary incredulously left with his friends 
for another nightclub, and Dan and I 
and the Annabelle group slipped 
effonlessly and illegally into Oh. 

We looked for a seat, but all the little 
tables had little green signs that read 
"Reserved" in Spanish . Annabelle 
disregarded them, sat down with her 
friends and tossed the sign . A waller 
was upon them in a second; Dan and 1 
walked off leaving them in their lOSing 
argument. On the other side, we found 
the only table without a little sign. 

all must be the super disco of the 
world . The dance floor was huge, ringed 
by a higher level of these tables , which 
were packed so tightly, we brushed 
shoulders with those next to us. Above 
us was another split-level where those 
unfonunately without tables stood at a 
rail. Behind them were aD sons of 
lounges and bars. including a separate 
danceroom for slower, romantic music. 
A show soon staned, with fog rising 
from the Door, magicians and dancing 
clowns , and an incessant twirl of Iaser-
light beams. With blinding bursts of 
harmless, mini-fireworks, the dance 
floor exploded finaDy with a crowd of 
dancers. 

Our ubiquitous waiter shone a 
flashlight at us and made us fill out a 
questionnaire on the show. I scribbled 
"Get rid of the fog and lights." I would 
have mentioned the soap bubbles, but 
they came later. For our efforts, he gave 
us all calendars, which we left behind 
an hour later when we got up to walk 
the midnight hours. 

We circled the outside raIl once , 
twice; I dId not quile know what I was 
expecting but I Ielt drawn by the hint of 
mystery just around the next tum. My 

eyes ran over hundreds of dark, unique , 
but always wrong faces , wrong by a 
shade, an angle or an expression. 

On the fringe of the lounge area we 
passed two girls and I half-smiled at the 
second , and her faintest returning smile 
left me with a warming impression of 
beaury. I went back and asked her to 
dance. 

Light gleamed off the sweating 
fore heads of the dancers on the floor. 
My panner wore a simple dress and 
liule jewelry and moved rhythmically 
and unpretentiously. She smiled at the 
end of every song, so we danced on, 
and somehow the best music played. 
We found ourselves humorously in the 
midst of the mass of moving bodies all 
mouthing the words: "Like a virgin-
touched for the very first time . like a 
vir-ir-ir-gin . .. " 

When we were heated uncomfortably 
we stopped, and I inquired her name. 

"Letticia," she said, then struggling, 
"What is your name?" 

"Jon: 
"I speak un poquito !=nglish-do you 

speak Spanish?" 
·Un poquito." We nervously laughed 

and happened upon a place to sit. In a 
pocket of our own quiemess, we talked , 
gestured and fought for the words. I 
knew more Spanish than she English, 
but it was stiD happily £rustrating. Up 
dose I saw she was rather surprisingly 
beautiful. She told me it was also her 
fi rst visi t to Ok, that she was a 
university student Sludying chemistry 
and was planning on taking English in 
the spring. She was athletic, did not 
smoke, had twO dogs, a gray Cat and 
wore glasses when she studied . I met 
her rwo girlfriends, and Dan found us, 
and he, knowing Spanish , acted the role 
of interpreter to our delight. 

We went to dance agai n, she taking 
me by the hand to the floor where fast 
U1tin music was piquing the crowd to 
frenzy. Paper noise-makers had been 
passed out, so hundreds of dancers 
were shaking out the beat while the 

clown ran around dousing all of us with 
confeui. 

Back at our seats we brushed the 
confeui laughingly out of each other's 
hair. 

"Tienes un novio?" 1 hazard . 
"No," she said, explaining in English. 

"just friends ." 
"Porque?" I asked. "Eres muy bonita." 
She modestly said something about 

be ing a student and asked, "Tienes una 
novia?" 

"No," I shook my head. 
"Porque1" she smiled. 
"just friends, uh , no mas arnigas," I 

answered, then asking, "Que color SOft 
tUS ojos?" 

V~ry close to her face, unadorned 
with hardly any trace of make-up except 
the natural light of her eyes, I fought an 
innocent desire to kiss her. 

"Son verdes," she said . 
Around us I was only concious of the 

swirl and minglings of a silent crowd, a 
crowd of happy, harlequin faces . 
Abruptly it was nearly two o'clock and 
she had to leave. I grabbed Dan to 
explain how I wanted her address to 
write to 'her to practice Spanish and she 
could write back practicing EnJdish. We 
could not find a pen so she offered her 
phone number. 

"00 you remember?" she asked. 
"Yes," I said, tremelous yet thrilled 

thaI I would have to remember a phone 
number to reach her again. 

We aD left together, and when our 
friends split in separate directions to 
different cars, she made me repeat the 
number. 

"You are the luckiest person I've ever 
seen," Dan said , when I caught up with 
him. "How did you find a sweet, 
beautiful girl like that? You two were 
glowing back there. How did you end 
up saying goodbye?" 

With a single phone number but a 
world of possibilities spinning in my 
he,ld, I answered , "I simply said 'Adios 
l..etticia' and she smiled and said 
'Goodbye jon'." ~ 

tho wrif@r'g o o 

A short happy guide to the keys to success 
By PHIL LAUDER 

I N THE DAWN OF TIME, before wall-to-wall carpeting and bobby pins and pneumatic tires and the 
vegomatic, somebody invented the key. 
It was a decent invention, but the 
person responsible probably didn't 
realize at the time that one day there 
would be ten billion keys in the world, 
each of them supposedly unique. It's 

t~ugh comin~ up with ten biUion 
different deSigns. You try it. 

Soon after the key was invented, 
somone had to come up with something 
to put the keys on-voIld, the key chain. 
Another decent invention . Gave people 
an oudet of creativity, and gave 
columnists something to write about. 

But let us start with the keys 
themselves first. When I was between 
ten and 15 or so, I would look at my 
dad's key chain and listen to the sweet, 
impressive sound the keys made and 
think, "Someday, I'm going to grow up 
and have lots of keys on my chain, too: 
Having keys meant being grown up, and 
being grown up meant being important, 
and I wanted to be important Or at 
least feel that way. I certainly did. 

One day during that era-known as 
the ·pre-car era" -I once found a stray 
key chain lying around the house. Its 
pendant was a round piece of aluminum 
with a penny in the middle, and it read, 
"Keep me and never go broke"-fat 
chance. Anyway, I decided I should 
make it mine. Then I searched for a key 
to put on it. All I came up with was a 
key to my piggy bank (I never caDed it 
that, of course-that was a sissy term). I 
wanted to put a house key or the garage 
door key or something on the damn 
chain, but I couldn't find any spare keys 
around. So my key chain had one, 
utterly insignificant key on it. 

That hurt. 
Well, now I have keys. So now I'm 

supposed to feel imponant. Didn't work. 
Most of US enjoy rather interesting 

rapports with our keys. 'They let us into 
our homes, they let us into our cars, 
they let us into our offices, our garages, 
our lockers, our desks, our fUe cabinets, 
our brief cases, our storage chests, our 
computers and, ~s, our piggy banks. 
Great guys. , 

So why is it that only about half of us 
can name the purpose of every key we 
have? And only about a tenth of those 
who can rell you what all the keys 
unlock can tell you so without pausing 
and using me inreJjeaion "uh" at least 

once. 
I can do preay weD, acrually. This key 

is to my dad's car, this key is to our '58 
bug (Sally by name-rusts very well for a 
car her age), this key is to the garage 
door back home, these two keys are to 
the Guardian offices, this key is to my 
parents' home, this key is for my home, 
this key is to my car, and this key .. . 
uh ... dammit! There it is-the word 
"uh." So close, too. What is this key to 
anyway? I think it's to a storage cabine't 
It work. Yeah, that's it. The last key is to 
myoid room back home. Ten keys, one 
"uh: NO( bad. 

AI. least I usc most of my keys 
regularly. Some of us have keys to 
objects that no longer even exist-the 
house back on Elm Street, the bike 
chain on the red Schwinn that was 
ripped off when you were 17, the chest 

• 

that used to be hidden in the auic (full 
of embarrassing photographs of a ten-
year-old you with a mouth full of braces; 
the photos have long since been 
burned), that kind of thing. Why you 
still have those keys is beyond you, you 
say, 'Course, that doesn't mean youll be 
throwing them away any time soon. 

Part of the reason keys don't get 
tossed is that they're nice. For one 
thing, they sound good. Whoever 
decided to make keys out of metal was 
a musician at hean. It's like having a 
pocket wind chime at your fingertips . 
Also, no two sets of keys sound the 
same. Mine have a very distinct pitch to 
them-a 0 Oat minor chord, I beUeve. If 
you blindfolded me and jingled ten 

different sets of keys, I could teD you 
which was mine. In fact, I can teD 
withoUl even looking when rni about to 
enter a room just by the sound my keys 
make as I unlock the door. Amazing. 

Another rell!On we don't ditch keys 
readily is that, even though we're not 
kids any more (well, you know), we still 
think keys are impressive. They make us 
feel important. Ask maintenance people. 
They know. The guy who has to open 
up th~ myriad crevices of USB evel}' 
morning wears the myriad-plus keys on 
his belt loop with pride. They jingle IS 
he saunters, they salDlter as he jingles, 
announcing his pendin~ arrival minutes 
before: the fact. Shh. . . liSten: JI'IW-.jIN(iI.£. 
JtNW JlNGLE,]lNGLE, JINGLE-here he 
is! The man of the hour-8 am, to be 
precise. He strides to the doors with an 
air oC power. His noble hand glides 
from the main loop of keys to the 
smaBer one below it to the smaDer one 
below it, instandy and instinctively 
anivtng at the correct key to inRn iruo 
the hole and saw the shivering IDUICS. 
He lUides away, mission 
accomplished-man and key loops a 
single unit fishlin& for truth, justice and 
the American way. 

OK, enough about keys. Onto the 
thinp we put our keys on. There are as 
many key chains as there are keys, and 
that's good news to me because I have 

not yet begun to fill space . Until a year 
or so ago I had a cute little blue sandal 
on my key chain. That's the same 
sandal I would have ridiculed a couple 
years ago; who wants a stupid shoe on a 
key chain? Now all I have is the 
standard , boring metal loop. It's kind of 
lacking something, but what the heD . 

I'm the kind who would probably go 
for something practical on a key chain. 
Uke a compass. I once had i compass 
key chain, but it broke off very qUickly 
(I gOt it for a buck and a half when Fed 
Man went out of business; what can you 
exoect?). A measuring tape would also 
be nice. In fact, I would probably go for 
the Swiss Army knife key chain-nerdy 
as it may be. Combination screwdriver, 

nail file, corkscrew, mini-scissors, 
vegetable peeler-it slices, it dices, it 
opens the front door. Modem science at 
its finest. 

From what I've secn, females tend to 
have much more interesting key chains 
than males. Perhaps that's because key 
chainS are vel}' adaptable to canying 
"cute" things, miniarurc things-like, 
say, little blue sandals-and guys are 
scared to death of owning cute objects. 
The most bizarre key chains I've ever 
scm have had females as 
owners/keepers. One featured about 
seven key loops with different keys on 
each one, an interloopcd and attached 
to a red plastic rod, Some girl 1 knew in 
high school used a similar idea and 
attached about 14 or IS obnoxious funy 
balls, each with its own loop, all 
together. The concoction was about two 
feet long and weighed eight or ten 
pounds, and contained four, ma~ five 
keys, tops. CUte. 

Most people, however, go with the 
standard loop-plus-some-object look. 
Some people hayc key chains wttn 
name lap on them. Some hayc rape 
whim on theirs. Some hayc mini-
license plates, some have car emblems, 
some have scenes from Hawaii or 
llennud.1 or tijuana or wherever they 
~nt their last vacation . Some have 
plastiC fruit, some have porn-poms. 

Some have toy guns, some have tire 
pressure gauges. Some have hooks or 
dips for a belt, some have rabbit's feet 
for good luck (bener than the rabbit's-
old joke). Some have litde stuffed 
animals, some have biorhythm cards -
(whatever happened to the biorhYthm 
era, anyway?). And some people have 
the stupid key chains they give you at 
Security Pacific Bank for investing 
$60,000 into a 3% account. It's a lot of 
fun to advenise for a S30-biIlion 
corporation every time you unlock your 
car door. ' 

Once you find a key chain, of course, 
you have to organize the keys thereon. 
And good luck. The house key and car 
key should be together-so you can ~et 
out of your car and find your house key 
fast. Maybe put them on a sepal1lte 
mini-loop. But the garage key and car 
key should also be together. The keys to 
the office and desk and cabinet within 
the office should be together, but the car 
key and office key should also be 
together; get out of your car and open 
your office without a hassle. But what 
about the key to the bike chain? Should 

be with the car key-both involve 
transportation. Pretty soon every key is 
with the car key, which leaves you back 
where you staned. Disorganized. Screw 
it. 

Beyond how to organize keys, what I 
reaDy want to know is, how do keys and 
key chains walk? They don't have feet. 
No legs, no discernible appendages of 
any son. But they do walk. Given the 
slightest opportunity. Mine have walked 
through rooms-several at a time-to 
find a niche behind some comfonable 
couch cushion that I could swear rd 
never seen before. Mine also walk when 
I rush into the house to answer the 
phone; rel~ased onto the kitchen 
counter, they migrate past the sink and 
stove top, down OntO the Door and out 
through the still-ajar door, where they 
will often jump back into the keyhole so 
they can peek at me cursing at the top 
of my lungs because they aren't where I 
!mow I left them. They walk, I teD you, 
they walk. 

Which is qUite disturbing, actuaDy, 
because we are rendered helpless 
without them. Locked out of our cars, 
we search for coat hangers, then 
locksmiths, then sledge~mers. usually 
but nO{ necessarily in that order. Locked 
out of our houses, we search under the 
welcome mat or the bush outside where 

our roommates told us the key was 
hidden, then we search for our 
roommates, or, lacking roommates, we 
again search for the sledgehammer. Very 
distressing. 

Some day we'D punch in tittle 
numbers on our front doors, and punch 
in IinIe numbers on our car doors, and 
punch in linlc numbers on our desk 
drawers and gym lockers and file 
cabinets and storage chests. There will 
be no jingliq in the pockets, no game 
of organization in trying to amnge the 
keys on their chain, no searching for 
that ridiculous key chain for that special 
someone, no cursing the keys' 
ambulatory abilities, no s1edachanuncrs. 

I for one wiD be depressca. 1m 
"the writer's i" appears Mondays in 

the Guardian -except today, when It 
doesn't. 

., 



, I 

.' 

T ennis tries to 
slice 'em up 

Number-one seed Michael Gates wllIlcad the Tritons when they face, among others, USD, 
Cal Stale Northridge and Pomona-Pitzer. 

UCSD goes big-
time at the All-Cal 

By ALICIA AGOS 

U CiA WAS THERE. So was Santa Barbara , Berkeley, Irvine, Davis, Santa Cruz, Riverside , San 
Francisco and , of course, San Diego. 
The men's volleyball teams of these 
respective UC schools trekked down to 
the Triton Pavjllion last Saturday for the 
All-Cal tournament, and the quality of 
volleyball was impressive. 

Playing hosts for a day, UCSD 
showed what coach Digger Graybill 
called "flashes of brilliance," and 
proceeded to place fifth of ten teams, 
behind , in ranking order, UCSD, UCLA 
#1 , UC Berkeley and UClA #2. 

All in all, it was a good day for the 
Tritons. As with some tournaments, the 
day and the volleyball playing seems to 
go on and on. It's tough, as a player, to 
go all-alit, all day long. Yet, this type of 
intensity is something Graybill and 
assistant coach Tod Mattox want their 
players to achieve. 

"Our first game against UCLA. was 
good, as good as we've played all year. 
However, in the second game (UCLA 
won 15-0), and at other times, we were 
definitely not at our potential. Our goal 
is to eliminate inconsistency. We are 
training toward playing hard aU the 
time. Our players are maintaining their 
intensity and effon and we're staning to 
get there ," Graybill said . 

In past years, UCSD has effectively 
turned over and died at the annual 
prospect of facing teams like UCLA and 
UCSB who, respectively, are ranked # 2 
and #4 in the nation. However, this 

season the team really seems to be 
making an honest effort to build a 
reputable volleyball program. And 
Graybill feels that Saturday's tournament 
was a step in the right direction. "We 
gOt a lot of good volleyball under our 
belt. Overall, the tournament was a 
success. Our goal was to finish third , 
but fifth of ten teams is commendable. 
We're getting better every time out, 
something we are striving to do. We 
realize we're making progress, and our 
players are still enthusiastic, still fired 
up about our season." 

The team, however, is not dumb. 
They know that Division 111 teams 
historically do not do well against 
Division 1 national champions. But, they 
are trying. Off-hand hitter Howard 
Bishop reports that "We know our 
limitations. We're trying to stay fired up 
and create some waves along the way. 
We're determined to ruin someone's 
day. We know we're not gomg to win 
every game, but we 're trying to piss 
people off along the way. Everyone 
thinks we're pretty bad, but at the AlI-
Cal we definitely opened some eyes. In 
that game against UCLA where we were 
tied 11 -11 at one pOint, people were 
amazed. If we keep up our intensity, 
we'll defimtely knock off a couple of 
good teams." 

UCSD's first home match of the 
season wdl be Feb. I, when the 
undergrads meet the alumni in the 
Alumni matc h. Game time will at 7:30 
pm in the Triton Pavillion. ~ 

By MARCY ANDERLINI 

L OSING THE TOP FOUR of six players is hard for a team to overcome. But this year the UCSD 
men's tennis team feels it can be 
achieved "with a little time." Having 
only three returning players, Michael 
Gates (presently # 1 seed), Roy 
Derevyanik (#2 seed) and Marc 
Sandknop, coach Steve Mott feels very 
confident about his players and thinks 
that the new and younger members 
have a lot of potential to help build a 
strong team this year. "We have a lot of 
freshmen and sophomores that are very 
promising, but that need to build up 
thei r experience." 

last week UCSD had a lot of 
"experience" on their hands, playing 
their first game of the season against III 
ranked Division I UClA UCSD lost all 
of their singles and doubles matches but 
felt they put in a good effort. ·We 
played two real tough matches. It's hard, 
though, to playa full scholarship 
Division I team. We have a young team 
and are still getting our feet wet," said 
Matt. 

Playing Division I San Diego State 
University last Friday also provided a 
strong challenge for this young team. 
However, Matt had no large expectation 
in tenns of his players performances. 
"I'm still finding out our capabilities," he 
said. In Singles play, SDSU won all six 
matches as well as the three doubles 
matches. According to Matt, "UCSD 
didn't play very well." The #1 seed, 
Michael Gates, lost his match 5-7, I~, 
and ended up feeling he could have 
done better. "I felt SDSU wasn't that 
hard, and 1 probably could've won my 
match." 

Several other players voiced similar 
comments, but overaU they were not tOO 
discouraged. "We're not as strong up 
top as we were last year, but we have a 

lot of young players," 9IIid Gates. Marc 
Sandknop looked at the situation 
optimistically, "This is still only our 
second match of the season and we 
played a Division 1 team." 

Dave Brummit (113 seed) put in a 
strong effon against his opponent, Lantz 
La Reau. Having lost the first set 5-7, he 
came back in the second set 6-6 to 
push the match into a tie breaker. He 
was finally defeated 10-12. The doubles 
team also put in a good effon, defeating 
San Diego State in two sets, however, 
going on to lose all three matches. 

Coach Mott feels that all his players 
will be looking better in the months 
ahead . Presently he is concentrating on 
developing the players' confidence in 
their game rather than strategy. Three 
hours every day Moo is woi'l(j~g on 
improving the players' strokes and 
serves so they become more ~ssive 
and do their best on the caun, whether 
winning or not 

Next year, the team is also looking 
forward to having recruit Sean. Terry, 
from Division I UC Santa Barbara join 
the team. According to Mon, "Terry will 
be a tremendous additiQtl." He is 
presently ranked in .~ six at UCSB 
but would like to transfer to UCSD in 
hopes of being one of the top three 
seeds and receiving more recognition. 
"If I like it here and everything goes 
along fine with having me here, then I 
hope to transfer," said Teny. 

Last year UCSD came in fifth in 
~CAA natio/lllls, with the doubles team 
of Eugene Jones and Dan Beers winning 
the Division n doubles championship. 
This year Mott feels that "our chances 
for the Nationals are real good. Dave 
Brummit, John Hostetler and Kent Sasse 
are three young players who are 
inexperienced but have a lot of talent, 
I'm looking for good things." ~ 

Frnl1mall Mille Haggerty passed and hit mlpresslvely as he helped the Tritons to a .fifth-
place filllsh 111 Saturday's All-Cal Tournament held at UCSD 

Thursday,Ja". 2 .. , 1985 13 

Women's basketball strivingfor consistency 

UCSD plays Jekyl and Hyde on the court 
By MATT ADAMS 

LAST WEEK THE UCSD women's basketball team played the kind of basketball that will put some grey 
hairs on a coach in a hurry. They put 
on their best Jekyl and Hyde imitation, 
lOSing to a weak Whittier team in one of 
their worst efforts of the year-and then 
turning around and giving a strong 
performance against Claremont-Mudd. 

"We looked bad at Whittier," 
explained senior guard Sue Semrau. "We 
had beaten Whittier twice already this 
season, including once in our own 
tournament. 1 think we got caught 
looking paSt them, not taking them as 
seriously as we should have." 

After the embarrassing 57-77 loss at 
Whittier, the task at practice on 
Wednesday was to put that game 
behind them and prepare for 
Claremont. Julie Krause, staning senior 
forward, explained , "There is no 
question we were much better prepared 
for Claremont. At practice on 
Wednesday, we made commiuments to 
unify and put forth our best effort 
against Claremont. We worked hard and 
I think it really paid otT." 

Assistant coach Don Elder added, "A 
big pan of our preparation for this game 
(Claremont) was the scouting report that 
(head coach) Judy Malone put together. 
Going into a practice to prepare for a 
game, it is invaluable knowing what 
your opponent is going to be doing. 
And , in the game, Judy proved right on 
target-they did just what she had 
predicted. . 

"Tonight [in the game against 
Claremont\. we executed much better 
than we did against Whittier. Everyone 
contributed. We did not have to rely on 
one person to cany the load. We were 
not flat like we have been in the past,· 
Elder continued. The Tritons were 
anything but flat. Most of the first half 
they harrassed the Athenas with a full 
coun press, which contributed to 11 
first half Claremont turnovers. The 
Tritons also held an edge in 
rebounding, 29-17. Junior Lynne 
Mclevie, sophomore Heidi Jungling and 
junior Jennifer Gregory hauled in 6, 5 
and 4 boards respectively. Semrau led 
the way With 12 points, and the Tritons 
had a 39-27 halftime lead. 

UCSD managed to maintain a ten 
poim lead through most of the second 
stanza. Claremont climbed back into the 
game by taking advantage of staners 
Krause's and Sherman's absem:e due to 
foul trouble and by outrebound ing the 
Tritons (28-23 in the second hall). The 
Athenas had trimmed the Trion lead to 
seven points with 2:30 remaining in the 
game. 

The Tritons then became their own 
worst enemy. To conserve time, the 
Athenas stopped the clock by fouling 
the Tritons. Claremont received an extra 
dividend as the Tritons could only 
connect on 40% of their free throws. 
Claremont managed to draw within five 
points, but that was as close as they 
could get, as the Tritons held on for a 
72-65 victory. 

After the game, coach Elder 
comment~d on the poor free throw 
shooting. "We have a difficult time 
simulating the pressure of-a game 
situation at practice. The ladies can 
shoot, they just don't shoot well in 
games. lr is obviously an area that we 
need to work on." Elder continued, 
"This was a good win for us. We have 
really improved this season, but we have 
some tough games coming up that will 
really test us." 

The loss at Whittier, and the win over 
Claremont, brought the Triton's season 
mark to 9-6 . The next game for UCSD is 
on Saturday night up at Cal Lutheran 
College. ~ 

Sue Semrau (right) continues to bt the 
women 's basketball player to watc h as she 
leads the Tritons in scoring. Coach Judy 
Malone (above), however, appears 
concerned at the inconsistency with which 
her team often plays. 

I 
N 
T u 
R p 
A D 
M A 
u 
R E 
A 
L 

By JAY R_ RICHARDS 
You wouldn't have guessed that there was a holiday weekend if you visited the 

gaming fields of UCSD, as a full quota of spons was levied up over the past week. 
Joining current sports of basketbaU, hockey and bowling were newcomers soccer and 
Hawaiian football-new spans to be covered by the ':J.R Top Ten." Here's the weekly 
wrap-up: 
Basketball 
AAA 

The competition in AM is heating up with the addition of Triton Pub to the ranks. 
Getting a late stan into the league, the Pubbers stunned previously unbeaten Box 
Lunch last week to shoot wen into the land of the ranked . The other news in AAA was 
Smng Musicians. last week's #1 pick, forfeiting their game last week. In doing so. the 
Musicians quietly dropped down the ranks. All in aU, it looks like one of the strongest 
AM ranks in years. 
AAA team 

1. Dr's Dunk & Stuff 
2. We'll Get the Calls 
3. Triton Pub 
4 . String Musicians 
5. Pany Animals 
6. Vision Cafe 
7. Box Lunch 
8 . Manson Family 
9 . Get Happy 

10. Runnin' Rebels 
AA 

Record 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-1 
1-0 
1-0 
2-1 
0-1 
0-0 
0-1 

Pt. Diff Comments 
+52 Big win & String FF 
+ 18 Solid Win in opener 
+ 7 New factor in AAA 

+ 15 0 shows means no # 1 
+6 Held on for win 

+28 Big game due on Wednesday 
+ 18 Ran into the Pub 
-18 Should bounce back strong 

Yet to playa game 
-15 Tough opener vs. trings 

Life After Hiah School qUickly found its way into the "JR Top Ten" with a 
conVincing shellacking of Viva Cerveza laSt week. Previously ranked Nipple Hair lost 
by five to unranked Whitt Man. For twO weeks in a row, however, the top spot is kept 
by Reno How to Win . Here's this week's rankings: 
AA Jearn 

I. Reno How to Wm 
2. Life After High School 
3. TKE 
4. Barnyard Etiquette 
5. Michael J in a Mercedes 
6. Doctors of Dunk 
7. White Man 
8. Rob's Mom 
9. La Machine 

10. In N Out Urge 
A team 

I. Sons 
2. Reflex II 
3 . LD.O. 
4 . flying Hawks 
5. La Hoyas 
6 . Slam If You Can 
7. SWAMP 
8. Wool Rash 
9 . Mlnou 

10. Chipmunk Dunk 

Record 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
3-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-0 

Record 
2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
1-0 
2-0 

Pt. Diff Comments 
+ 33 Place your !:letS it won't be easy 
+ 32 Waiting to pounce 
+54 Cakewalk last week 
+ 33 First team to win three games 
+ 31 Need to see more 
+ 23 Showdown with TKEs 
+5 Upset Nipple Hair 

+28 Easy win 
+4 JR sleeper pick 

Last year's M finalists 
Pt. our Comments 
+ 108 Who are you guys kidding? 
+86 Move 'em up 
+45 Lower wins means lower rank 
+52 These birds will climb 
+39 JR likes the Ewings 
+49 Sleepers 
+ 31 Showing up their AAA friends 
+10 Weak league 
+42 Cruised in opener 
+23 Never count them out 

.... >-C"..,O,...NTIN=-.,.,..U=E=O-=O'"'"N=-=P:-:"N:j-=E::-:""l .. .,-.> 



, ' 

14 Thu rsday, Ja n. 24, 1985 . 

1M sports hotline 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 13;: 
Co-ed team 

1. Straight hoote rs 
2. I Don 't Know 
3. On the Rebound 
4. Cocaine 
5 Basket Case 
6. Imercollegiates 
7 Kareem Em 

5 '10' team 
1 Smokeless Buds 
2. Supreme Court II 
3. Bet the Ranch 
4 Flghllng Zucchim 
5 Throbbing Balls 

Hockey 
AAA 

Record 
1-0 
2.-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
2-0 

Record 
1-0 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
2-0 

PI. DiO" Comments 
+66 StIll the best 
+ 15 Defen e suspect 
+49 No need for the "re" 
+7 BCdt -WAMP 

+ 17 BIg game due up-upset? 
+48 Will rise 
+9 Don't win by bun hes 

Pt. DifI omments 
+55 The boys look tough 
+ 13 hould keep wmning 
+ 19 Not yet 
+33 eed to sec more 
+15 No comment needed 

Since 1M Czar Scan Bemdes postponed laSl Monday's games, the AAA. rankings stay 
as they were. Howeve r, the ':JR Top Ten" saw a lot of shifting. mOSI notably m A action . 
where we keep an eye OUt for the sandbaggers: 

AAA team 
1. Cap tam Dick and His eamen at their peak 
2. Blitzkrieg 
3. Flying Tigers 
4 This Puck's for Hugh 

AA team 
1. Whatever 
2. Bagger Row 
3. The Delts 
4 . Our Goalie's Gett ing Belter 
5. Skinheads 

A team 
1. Raul m the Box 
2. Floor Wax 
3. Bozo's 
4. Put Your Stick in the Crease 
5. Biohazard 

Women's team 
1. Canned Her-Peas 
2. Sam's Chicks 
3. We eed a Goalie 
4. Wild Hens 
5. Goon Gang 

Record 
1-0 
2-0 
1-0 

0-0-1 
0-0-1 

Record 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

Record 
1-0 
0-0 
1-0 
1-0 

0-0-1 

Comments 
Captain only weak link 

o guarantee for second 
eed to win opener 

Failed to tum it on in stretch 

Comments 
Move 'em up- AAA. is call ing 
lowed down their pace 

Won with help-can they do wilhout? 
Hard pressed for tie 
Surprise team 

Comments 
Scored eight in opener 
Sandbag action 
Team of high spirit 
Solid W in 
Hard-fought win 

Comments 
VD for victory 
Let's see a game 
They found one 
Fired a shutout last week 
Could only manage tie 

The world is waitiug. 
Be an exchange student. 

Step into an adventure filled with opportunities and chal-
lenge _ A part of International Youth Exchange, a Presidential 
Initiative for peace, you live abroad with your new host fami ly. 
Learn new skill '. Go to new schools. Make new fri ends. 

Young people from all 5egment . of American society are 
being selected_If youCllike to be one of them, write for more 
infomlation on progran1s, msts and financial aid. 

Help bring the world together, one friendship at a time_ 

Write: \'{)uTH EXCHANGE 
Pueblo, Colorudo 81009 

m Tilt Int. m.ti",al Y,,,, lh Exchanl(~. 

Canyonview 
offers 
workshops 

What do skiing, calligraphy, pasta 
and taxes have in common? Most 
people are sure to be Slumped , 
befuddled and perplexed by the 
association of these odd bedfellows. 
Only those who have carefuDy perused 
this quarter's Canyonview wiD know their 
relationship. All four are one-day 
workshops being offered by the Office 
of Campus Recreation. Yes, you can 
learn how to do your taxes in 
calligraphy while savoring homemade 
pasta and fIXing your skis. 
Ski Tune-Up (February 2, 10 am-2 pm, 
$5) 

Learn how to properly tune up your 
skis-including filing. waxing and p-
texing. Correctly groomed skis are easier 

OPEN 
7 DAYS 

& 
NIGHTS 

• 
GOOD 

THRU 
1-30 

to handle and willlaSl longer. Time will 
be spent discussing ski care and gaining 
hands-on experience. 
Calliaraphy (February 6, 6 -10 pm, $6) 

Calligraphy is an elegant and beautiful 
alt. yet so simple to learn. This 
workshop Is designed to introduce the 
novice to the tools and tenns of 
calligraphy and to the use of the broad 
nib pen. This is a craft that you will be 
able to use for the rest of your Ii fe . 
Tax Clinic (February 27, 6-10 pm. $6) 

April 15 is not as far 00" as you may 
think. so start preparing your tax 
strategy now. This workshop will 
encompass an introductory lecture on 
how to file your income taX and to use 
basic deductions plus a question/ answer 
session. 
P ... MIkina (March 2, 10 am-2 pm, 
S8) 

lasagne, fecruclni, spaghetti. 
linguine-aU your favorite Italian dishes 
can be improved by uslng homemade 
paSla. You will learn to make pasta by 
hand and by using a pa!U machine. .. 

limit 10 Per Customer. 
Special Purchase-

American Made ~ 
OesIan Acrylic • ~ 
Cotton. Crewnecks 

• Ponts • Adult Sizes 
• Comp. Value $12 

• ! ..,test Hottest Colors 
• Factory OJerrum • 

Some Slightly Irregular 

We GU\lranf8e 
The lowest sung lass 
prices on all major 
sungloss brands of 

any retail store. 
Ray Ban. Vuamet, 

Suncloud. etc 

Advertise in .... 

Th. 
Guardian 

Swooshl Lam how to ptopcrtywax, file 
& J>tD your IIdI to mike them much 
...... to hIndIc (end your equipment 
felt much longer). TJrnc wi. be spent dis-
a.aInS lid care & gaining hIfldI.on 
ecper1cI ICe. All nccaMIY tools wlH be 
pnMded. 

...... ,10_-lpm 
FcbruIIy I, .5 

OCT SIgn 14l and detail at x4007 CanycrwIew AdmInIItIatIw otIIceI 
DeporIn .It d PI1YIIoaI EducatIon 

You ~ Know Yo~r Major 
lEARNiNG skills CENTeR has 

A Multi-dimensional Testing Program 
-- INDMDUALIZED FOR YOU. 

Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 
Day or Ni~ht 
~ BrIng 5 Friends-Get: Your Testing Free 
'ii\!!f ~EARNING skills CENTeR 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designer, 

Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 ' 
For appointment. please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Or., Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(behind t::l Torito & Rodeo -directly lICfOIS the ramp) 

--------------------

The home of the 
39¢ hamburger. 
~ .. ,,_." Nc~m. 

---.-.;:;<..\ I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~~~!!!!.!!!!!~ •••• !I!!!!!! •••••••• 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder® with Cheete, La ... e Fry, 

Medium-Size Soit Drink c ..... .. ..1 .... 1/ 20 uI I '_I 
Limit one co upon p~ r 
customer, per visit. Ple~ 

pr~scnt c oupo n wh"n 
orderinK. NO! val id with any 
orher offer . 

Good thru 
Feb. 2i , 1985 

Just $1.99 \ 
(plw tax) '1 

<Jttly at: II 
7140 Mlrama~r. I San Dieao 

===-------- ~ 
-----------

,. 

ASK YOURSELF: 

HOMES fOR SALE 

Walk [0 V.C.S.D. 
Super Family Home 

4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms 
Garden Room with Fireplace 

ONLY 5250,000 

CONDO NEAR UCSD 
2 Bedrooms, 2 ~ Bathrooms 

1,720 sq. ft-Iargest unit 
Excellent Condition 

Tennis, Racquetball, Pool; Spa 
$139,500 

For further information, caU 
Marion or Gunter Hirsch 
(619) "5~-88"6 Office 
(619) .. 59 .... 566 Home 

@ 8tfc:3!ick. 
c..Associates 
REAL ESTATE 

1291 Calle St-, LaJoUa, CA 92037 

JE:MSSA lPRJES[NTS 
CAN I FIll nus sum AlR1IHlUIR 

AN[))EIROON 
A.NJO COo 

A PRESEHmnON OF A CAREER IN 
MANAGEMENT CONSUL1JNG1 

••• lHURSDAY,~. 24.7:00 PM 
PElERSONHAU.l02 

.... ... 

FOI.LOWED BY AN INFORMAL RECEPOONI 
Sponscnd by ASUCSO 

TGI F AS.OCIATeD STUDENTS 
PROGRA .... ING 

UIII 
cO 

Where hayeyou been hiding? 
Come Join tlie fun this Friday, 
4PM onthehump. 
Dance to THERMAL SHOCK. 
FREE FOOD AND DRINK JAN. 25 " •• 



An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 8. No.3 

-..: 

-

-
, .. 

THE 

SUZUKI 
METHOD 
In the wonderful world 
of drama, it is bigger than 
the Jane Fonda Workout. 

January 24. 1985 



Editor 
A DREW KEELER 

Alisociate Editor 
• CHRI ' YOUN ' 

Concributinll Editon 
ETHAN FEERST. JOAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAP!' 
taff 

MIKE '\HN. RODDY 
Il0GAWA. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA. 
... AREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MU Ie. JOHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 452-3466 
Advertifinll 452·3468 

H,atus IS published every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UC D 
G AROIAN. Reprodu..:t-ion 
o r usc without written 
p.: rmission of any portion oi 
thIS magazine IS a no-no. We 
welcome unsolici ted lcttC!rs. 
manuscripts. and artwork. but 
assume no responslbtllty ior 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016. La Jolla. CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Japanese move, 
ment teaching specialist 
Tadashi Suzuki is not here to 
ride motorcycles, he is 
teaching UCSD students the 
art of bodily motion. See 
page 3. 

Southern Dance . .. page 4 
The North Carolina Dance 

Theater is no bunch of 
moonshine,drinkin' jig 
dancers, the toast of the critics, 
they swing into Mandeville on 
Sunday. 

Leon Golub . . . . . .. page 4 
America n Artist Leon 

Golub 's disturbing images of 
the painful side of our world 
stir up conflict at L]MCA. 

Battling Bands .... page 6 
This Friday at Revelle the 

battle begins. UCSD student 
bands will treat the school to a 
showcase of our best local 
talent. 
Art's Book Report. •• page 2 

Artist Insiaht ••• paae 5 
Goins. On •.• pase 7 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

..... -

January 27, Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $10.50, Students $6.50 
UCSD Fac/StafT/Sr.Cit. $8.50 
(j)l1~£n\()N· &: UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

2 HI4CU1 Jan. 24. 1985 

Violence, sex, &.. noise: 
'New filtn book tells all 

By ART SALAZAR 
Michael Weldon's Ps,chotronic Enc,clopedia of Film is awfully 

good; one of the best anthologies for film buffs and novices alike. 
listed are movies ranging from cult classics to never-released 
failures. 

This is distinctive literature for anyone's library; it is easy to read, 
for all ages and is printed on expensive glossy paper. Its history of the 
good. bad and ugly. illustrated with lots of rare photos, is both a 
journal of film and karmic reading. Add its lucid capsulisations, and 
of all the literature available on this genre, Ps:ychorronic offers more 
for your money at $17. 

The listings include never-before·reviewed films, with opinions 
that are well taken. More importantly, this is a portrait of lost art, 
from over 3000 motion pictures whose results abound in quiet 
greatness. 

"Critics searching for art condemn most of these features for the 
very reasons that millions continue to enjoy them: violence, sex, 
noise and often mindless escapism," says Weldon. "Psychotronic 
films range from sincere social commentary to degrading trash . They 
concern teenagers, rock 'n roll, juvenile delinquents, monsters, 
alielU. killers, spies, detectives. bikers, communists, drugs, natural 
carastrophies, atomic bombs. the prehistoric past and the projected 
future. They star ex-models, ex-sports stars, would-be Marilyns, 
future Presidents (and First Ladies) and other has-beens of all 
types." 

This treatise is an unusual resource, voluminous yetsmall; wonder 
and be inspired to greatness. Ps,chotronic is a xerox of all those 
movies you would have forgotten, and then some. It is a compilation 
of yesterday's news for today's minds. It is a zeitgeist that stays with 
you long after you put the book down. 

Hia tus is calling you. The time to 
write is upon us. Whether it is books, 
concerts, movies, art, etc. that excites 
you, put it on paper. Call 452 ... 6580. 

UC:SD University Events Office presents 

TIle Dell' Arte Players COlllpany in 

Lifted from the Oassic Comedies of Moliere 

\0 
Mlrro lfh'J Jft r"" ~~ Ih. , .. hl"IA~ \.h( "'UI,II I ... · .. th 
I .... ,,"" v""""'" ... J tho , .".Of ... 1 1 1IoJ".II\o.II' , ., "'" \ .1 . 

January 25, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $7.00, Students $5.00 
UCSD Fac/StafT/Sr.Cit. $6.00 
~l1~£Ti\ON·& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 _...., 

BV JOAN FORSBERG 

A game of Suzuki Says 

&...n':J;;J&".nL. JAPANESE 
theater. with itl emphull on 

styliJed. lafJel"-than-life apeccacle, 
aeema as diametrically opposed to 
the subdued naturaliadc convent-
iona of American theater u sushi is 
to hamburgen. These contrary 
traditions from Eaatem and Western 
culture are united in a unique, 
innovative theatrical,tyle developed 
by renowned Japanese director 
Tadaahi Suzuki, who II visiting 
UCSD this month .. a Regentl 
Lecturer to work with the actors in 
the drama department', Profeuional 
Theater Training Program. 

During a recent mominl training 
aeeuion, Suzuki paired off Muter of 
Fine Arts candidate Corey Hanten 
with Japanese actre" Kayoko 
Shiraishi in a ICene from Euripedea' 
The Ba.:x:Me. This was no usual 
reading from the ancient Greek 
tragedy, however. At Hansen, 
portraying the despotic king 
Pentheus, delivered hia lines in 
Engliah, Shiraishi, playing the KOd 
Dionysus, responded in Japanese. 

Suzuki has mixed the two 
languaaes in thia adaptation as a 
means of emphuising hia belief in 
the importance of the actor's 
physical movement and vocal 
production over the text of the play. 

~ven without a complete contextual 
understandini of the .ceRe between 
Hansen ana Shiral.hi, under 
Suzuki', guidance, the raw emotions 
of the actors surfaced to create a 
SNnninaly powerful theatrical piece. 

, 

Suzuki bepn his exploration of 
the expressive capabilities of the 
voice and the body upon completion 
of his undergraduate INdies at 
Waseda Univenity 20 yean ago. In 
1966, he founded the Waseda Sho--
Gekijo (Wueda Uttle Theater), 
which has ICrved u hia arena of 
experimentation for his theories on 
acting, exprellion and .tage 
movement. Originally balCd in 
Tokyo, Suzuki's compaqy relocated 
in 1976 to the Idyllic mountain 
village of Top, where an old 
farmhouse, converted into a 
traditional Japanele theater, and a 
Oreek-style open air amphitheater 
serve as the company', two 
performing areas. . 

Ambitious and innovative, SuzUki 
has already escabliahed a favorable 
reputation for hit company (now 
known a. SCOT-Suzuki Company 
of TOlla) in Europe. Hi, 
internationally acclaimed product-
Ion of Euripedea' The Trojan Women 
was enthusiastically received ·by 
Americana during the La. Angeles 
Olympic Am Featlvallaat year. 

Since 1980, Suzuki hat caught at 
the Univenlty of Wlaconsin at 
Milwaukee and the Juilliard School 
in New York. He spend. ma.t of the 
year In Top stqing productiona for 
his company and providinsllUidance 
to the actins ,tudent' from around 
the world who descend on the small 
village to study their an. Each 
summer, SCOT 'pon.on an 
International theater festival to 
provide an opportunity for exchanRe 

"What I am stritJing 
to do is to restore the 
wholeness of the 
human body in . the 
theatrical context by 
employing their 
unique tJirtues." 

- T adashi Sutuki 

between outatandin, performinll 
aniata from various countries of the 
world. 

The yean of experimentation with . 
his company have resulted In 
Suzuki's development of a training 
PfOIP'UIl for acton, which centers 
around the .tretchinl of the body, 
the voice. and the mind to unreaIbed 
extremes, thus creatina an inAnite 
nnae of pouibUitiea for expreulon. 
Known .. the "Suzuki method," thll 
program dnwa on concepti from 
Japan', traditional theatrical forIN, 
Noh and Kabuki. a10R1 with martial 
am and Zen philoeophy. 

For Suzuki, diacipUne is the 
fundamental buis for the 
development of a mong actor, 
unified in body, voice and mind. To 
watch his studenta at work seems 
more like viewing a (IrOup of new 

military recruits marching 
obediently throush a drill than a 
llfouP of acton in trainina. It. they 
move throuah a ICriea of rigorous 
physical exercizea, their eyes scare 
blankly ahead into the diatance. 
Their facel are like cold, 
expraaionlesa mub. Their torIOI 
are held motionleu u their intense 
concentration Is focuued on lendina 
their energy to the lower half of their 
bodies. In ,tacking feet. they Itomp 
and slide 8C1'OII the floor In various 
ICml-tquatlnl posture.. sending 
tremors throUlhout the buildina" 
wood foundation. It aeems oddly 
paradoxical that the creator of this 
intensely aggressive activity is the 
soft-spoken man attentively 
watching the acton with a warm 
lItlile lishtinll hil gentle face. 

UnderlviRll Suzuki's work is his 

belief mat industrialization and 
modernization have replaced human 
effort with mechanical enerxv in 
production proceues. The result of 
thia transfer of enerxv sources, 
Suzuki explaina, is that "the faculties 
of human body and physical 
senaibilities have been overspecial-
bed to the point of sepantion." 
Suzuki's method works to restore 
the bond between the actor's 

=~I faculties and inner spiritual 
"What I am striving to do is to 

restore the wholeness of the human 
body in the theatrical context, not 
simply by going back to such 
traditional theatrical forms as Noh 
and Kabuki, but by employinll their 
unique virtues, to crea~ IOmething 
transcending current pnctice in the 
modern theater," Suzuki says. "We 
need to bring fOIlether the physical 
functions once dismembered; to 
repin the perceptive and expressive 
abilities and powen of the human 
body." 

Suzuki's physical training placed 
special emphasis on the feet because 
he believe. that the "consciouaneu 
of the body's communication with 
the Iround" is imponant for 
developing basic physicallCnaibility. 
"The feet a~ the last remainina part 
of the human body which hu kept, 
literally, in touch with the earth, the 
very ,upporting base of all human 
activitiea," Suzuki explains. 

Suzuki, Kayoki ShiraAlhi, the 
leading actteu with his company, 
SCOT, and member. of the UCSD 
IPduate acting program will Rive a 
performance/demonstration of the 
Suzuki method on Sunday, Jan. 27, 
in the Mandell Weill Cen~r. Suzuki 
will return to UCSD with hi. 
company in April to perform T~ 
Trojan Women on the WeiSl.ta~. 

Jan. 24. 1985 HiGnu J 



Big titne dance frolll 
good 01' North Carolina 

By RONAHU 
QJ.rick. Think of somethlna from 

North Carolina. Better yet, think of 
something from North Carolina that 
has become an artistic sensation. If, 
like many people from these parts, 
you drew a blank on ei ther or both of 
those questions, it's not the fault of 
the North Carolina Dance Theater. 

This company of 16 dancers will 
perform on Sunday, Jan. 27, for a 
one~night~only engagement at 
UCSO's own Mandeville Auditor~ 
ium (I trust that they will convince 
even the most die~hard of 
isolationists that there is life east of 
the Mississippi, if not east of I~5). 

Contrary to what the name may 
suggest, North Carolina Dance 
Theater is far from a regional 
company. This season alone, Dance 
Theater is scheduled to appear in 
more than 50 cities across 24 states. 
They received standing ovations 
from a sold.-out crowd at the 
American Dance Festival. T~ New 
York Times loved them, the London 
Times praised them and Le Figaro 
called them "charming little 
Americans," which sounds slighdy 
more complimentary in French. 

Yet, despite all the critical acclaim 
they have been receiving, the North 
Carolina Dance Theater stays dose 
to its roots, occasionally performing 
in high school gymnasiums in tiny 
Southern towns, just so that the 
residents will have the chance of 
seeing a first~class dance troupe. 

New show 
disturbs 
La Jolla 

By CHRIS YOUNG 
The figures that greet me are crude 

and naked, painted roughly, the 
color of dried blood, twisted in 
expressions of anger and pain. The 
mood created by the contorted 
images of society's ills falls in sharp 
contrast to the calm serenity of La 
Jolla's placid beach and ocean. The 
La JoUa Museum of Contemporary 
Art's retrospective of Leon Golub 's 
work is about everything the La Jolla 
community pretends does not exist. 
Golub's paintings are intended to 
shatter our complacency, to change 
our one~ided view of the world. 

The paintings are scattered, 
captured moments in which the 
viewer intrudes on the worse parts of 
a world she barely knows exists. The 
works range in theme from Napalm 
and Vietnam to R iot and Assasinarion. 
A man's chest burns blood red with 
napalm while another looks on, 
shocked and pointing distractedly 
away, confused and horrified like the 
viewer. All the situations in the 
painting represent unfairness; either 
several people ganged up against 
another or one man with a gun, 
others without. 

Another painting, Horsing Around 
II, portrays a couple. The man stands 
self<onsciously, his arm around a 
woman; she, a prostitute, looks 
defiantly at the viewer while grasping 
the man's genitals in her hand. In 
another, InleTTogacion ll, four men 
prepare to torture a naked man but 
.. HiG"" Jan. 24, 1985 

You've got to admire that kind of 
integrity. 

The touring company was 
founded in 1970 by Robert Lindren 
(now director), head of the dance 
department of the North Carolina 
School of the Arts in Winston~ 
Salem. Although many of the artists 
in the current lineup received their 
professional training in Winston~ 
Salem, the others come from dance 
companies allover the country. In 
15 years, the company has amassed 
an impresssive repertoire of classical 
and contemporary worlcs by the 
foremost choreographers. 

On the program for Sunday's 
performance (subject to change, of 
course) are some of the Dance 
Theater's most popular pieces. The 
first is George Balanchine's .. Allegro 
Brillante, " a classic gem of the New 
York City Ballet, set to 
Tchaikovsky's "Third Piano 
Concerto, Opus 75." Then there is 
the company's own "Satto (Wind 
Dance)," with the music of 
Katsutoshi Nagasawa and Chip 
Davis, performed by the one and 
only, Mannheim Steamroller, a shift 
of 30 yean of choreography and a far 
greater shift in muaic. 

The mood changes again for the 
much-lauded "Resettings" by Senta 
Driver (music by Henry Purcell), 
and the evening wind. up with 
"Pentimento," which Vincente 

paU5e to glance at the viewer with 
unveiled pleasure. There is laughter 
and glee and sinister pleasure in these 
paintings, always on the side of the 
oppressor; Mercenaries laugh among 
themselves atthedestruction they've 
wrought. 

Most shocking about these 
paintings is not the deed portrayed, 
but the attitudes of the perpetrators. 

Nebrada b. choreopphed to Bach. 
If previoua reviewa are to be 
believed, thete worb represent the 
finest that Dance Theater baa to 
offer. Indeed, if the Mandeville 
Auditorium.udience reacmatall the 
way prmoua crowd. have, anyone 

The war ctimes and the torture are 
not worse than we might see in 
Newsweek; the prostitution and 
rioting no wQrse than in the 
newspapers. However, the media 
edits our view of the horrors of 
reality, whereas Golub does not. The 
tragedy expressed is merely painful, 
but the gleefully psychopathic 
pleasure of the pain<reators is truly 

asking the fint two questions of this 
article will receive the atlIwcr, 
"Why, the North Carolina Dance 
Theater. Of course." 

Ticketa are available at the box 
office. For more information, call 
"52~5S9. 

disturbing. They stare back at the 
viewer and challenge him to 
disapprove. Golub's work dares us 
not to turn away, to stand and 
recognize the perverted versions of 
our own lusts for money, power and 
sex. 

The exhibit will be on display until 
Jan. 27. For more information, call 

454~3541. 

photos by John Adllt( 

CaIIIomian. 

......... CIlIa,., __ ,u (. 'I'J 
,..... • CIItI ,. _ '10 (. 'UI 

IN.....,,.,. 'n (. HOI b'; .,.....,. ,,.,,. 'I. (. HOI 
.... kIIIw It IWIcIII'I '15 f. nil Cd ....... In (. '25J 

0lIl ...... /kW _ III (. IJJJ 
0lIl ...... .. _ W (,.. IJJJ 

SpecYUAJ I" ".It /taIr 
A ",11 -we. MIoII 

1fiOtI UIICtt "* /Cd, (~ Col,. Dr. It 16.JJ ..... , 
"- ...... (/OmttrllJ u JolU CIIttI", Co.I 757 ftIIIf !L.u Jol .. 

.56-1170 .""15 
Spec"" good wllll ., wllll x/ec,. .,usa IIIIOII(lII 2/ 7/ (fj 

Jennifer Span. It maktna a lCulprure. She baa 
been worldna on it for .ix month. and hu three 
more to ao. When it It done, it will be called a baby. 
While workina on her baby, she It in the midat of 
producina 25 chain for her Muter'. show next 
week. 

Jennifer beatns with a random .mplil1l of chair. 
which she buy. at thrift shopa and then coam all or 
part of them with colored pluter. Her idea it to '* 
the pluter to encourage people to extrapolate from 
the .imple personalities contained in the desisn and 
structure of the Individual chain. She wanta to 
heiahten the viewers' awareness of the utilitarian 
objecm in their own lives. 

Jennifer it studyina western human percepclona .. 
expreued in objectll. She traces her fucinatlon with 
the art and architecture of "thinp" back to her ~ 
childhood, In which she always felt the objeca 
around her were alive. She talked to objects and pve 
them character. of their own, and today the same it 
true for her sculptures. 

The light pastel colors combined with the liquid 
crustiness of the dried plaster give jennifer's 
sculptures a frosting~like quality reminiscent of the 
paintings of Wayne Thiebaud, one of her earliest and 
most prominent influences. Jennifer's show will be 
in the Mandeville Annex Gallery all next week, with 
a closing party on Friday. 

MUIR SENIORS' 
last can for auditions for 

SENIOR SPEAKER 
at Muir's June 16 Graduation Ceremony 
AadIIIMe: Friday, Feb. 8, starting at 3 pm. 
_ .. In advance, with Qulnny, In the 

Muir Dean's OfBce. 
............ Contact Qulnnyor Olips 

Dremnger In the Dean's OfBce 
(H at 55 2126; 452-3587) 

Jm. 24, 1985 Hicacul 5 



The band ilia! cau~ the 
fuss in .. St~ of Fire" 

THE 

BLASTERS 
with guests 

BEAT PAUIERS 

Friday. January 25 9:15 pm 

AM recording slars 

PRIVATE 
DOMAIN 

featuring Ceci l Pain 

Silturday. January 26 9 pm 

My fa.oote band 
THE 

JAMES 
HARMAN 

&VID 
with guests 

THE PAlADINS 

AJIIDTHE 
WIIOLEWIIEAT HOIU'I8 

Monday. January 28 
Nostalgic RE.R 

Tuesday. January 29 
Reggae music 

FOMO 

Wednesday. January 30 
"The last dance" 

THE ORIGINAL 
ROSIE & THE SCREAMERS 

and 

THE 0.0. CORRAL 
featunng DDvid Bradley 

Thursday, January 3 J 
Original music with 3 of San Diego's premier bands 

51VE UNES UP, DIRK DEBONAIRE 
and 

THE ELECTRIC SONS 
featuring Joey Harris 

Coming: 
Tuesday, February 5-1!1!Il A JIIIOU8I! and .IACK SHEI!P 

Thursday. February 7-QUEmIIIDA 
Wednesday February I)-WAYRE.IOIIN8OII nuo11l Sunday: February 17-AU.AJII HOLDS.OR 

Thursday. February 21- JIUGII1T JOE YOUNG 
Sunday February 24~DAVID CIAYI'OI'I~. 

. &-.ooD,awEAT&.--

THE BELLY UP CAPE 
...cNIDAY..aBT ........ 

9tK '"8CIJLD YOCDI OWN T08TADA NIGIrr'-
includes beans, rice and all the toppings. A current video mollie 

will be showing during the special. 

FORINFOIUlADONCALL481·90ZZ 
1.3 8OCI'I1I CI!DIlO8 AVE. 80IAJIIA .EACH. CA 92075 

6 HiaCtu Jan. 24, 1985 

This Friday at Revelle------

UCSD bands will 
try to battle it out 

By RODDY BOGAWA 
Writina titla article Ia a battle for 

mYlelf. FiiUrina out the angle and 
positioning in mis story is even more 
aniUishing. As a music revi~r for 
Hiatw, I tend to focus my atoriea on 
groupe I feel are valid and important. 
While this is an acknowledaed bias, I 
capitalize on the luxury of at least 
writing about music that I am 
familiar with and know something 
about. So what is all this ideolosical 
dribble about? Well, this article was 
to be a simple plug for an event 
happening this Friday which 
involves myself, but . ... 

Being in a musical group trying to 
"make it" is tough these ~aya. Being 
in a musical group trying to make it 
in San Diego is even tougher. Ispeak 
from experience as a transplanted 
follower of the Loe Angeles music 
scene. Anyway, tomorrow night in 
the Revelle Cafeteria is the annual 
Revelle "Battle of the Bands." 

What the hell does that mean? 
Yeah, I know, the first thing I 
thought of was a giant mud wresding 
pit, too. Anyway, the main idea is to 
give local groupe a chance to play in 
front of us student types, or us 
student musicians a chance to pia yin 
front of other students, or whatl!ver. 

There are a lot of problema with 
this. Aside from any of the tt!ehnical 
considerations, there are a lot of 
problesm. Don't get me wrong, I 
wholeheartedly support any non-
academic get-together in these 
schools. We as students know there 
aren't enough. Don 't ~t me wrORK, I 
also faithfully suppot't anything like 
this that promotes local muaic. So 
the question is, what the hell am I 
talking about, right? 

First off, I give credit to everyone 
involved for getting this event 

toaether. My il'OUp is honored to be 
included as one of the seven choeen 
to play. There are, however, a couple 
things that bother me about the 
event that I feel should be examined. 
As a showcase for local groupe, this 
event is very important to the arowth 
of the music scene in San Diego. 

The idea behind it should be to 
unite groupe to help each other. The 
idea of a "battle" among bands does 
not do thisi rather, it creates rifts 
among the KfOupe involved. Why are 
there winnen and 1000rsl How are 
the banda judged 1 How are the bands 
chOlen? Would a cover band (a 
aroup that plays other people's 
music) be choeen over a group that 
plays its own oriRinal music? Why? 
Why isn't originality included in the 
judging criteria? While the basis of 
the event is very noble and fairly well 
oraaniZied, these problema leem to 
hurt the groupe, the listl!nera and the 
music scene in San Diego. 

Well, I hope, at least, this article 
reaches some of you who haven't 
heard of the Friday night event. It 
starts at 8 pm sharp, so be there early 
to check out all the KfOupe. The price 
is only $1. 

Hopefully, some of the groupe 
playing will soon be shaping the 
music scene in San Dieao, so where 
else can you let a sneak peek at leven 
bands on two stqesl The leven 
groupe that made the fmal cut to play 
the Battle of the Bands are Animal 
Cafe, The Fan Club, Limbo Slam 
Native Beat, The Pinstripes, the Sea 
Hags and The Standards. Some 
you've seen, some you haven't, but 
come out and support all of them, 
including thOle that won't be playing 
Friday. Cheers, good luck to all the 
groups, and see you on Friday night. 

Dingo Boingo can 
be quite contagious 

By ANN STEWART 
I guess my car just can't ltand 

Dingo Baingo. 1 played my Onl, A 
lAd callSCtte so much that the tape 
player ate it, even as I wu tapping my 
fingers on the steering wheel. After 
an attempt to pry it out with a knife, I 
realized that my listenina to the 
group would be confined to 91X all 
block weekends. 

It's impossible not to pick up the 
group's enthusiasm. When I went to 
an Dingo Bo1nso gig on New Year's 
Eve, almost everyone, even the most 
seemingly reluctant, wu in lOme 
form of motion u the show 
proeresaed. 

At their wont, Baingo can aeem a 
little too quirky. MOlt of the time, 
though, they perform at a fut"PAced 
level that effectively works the 
audience to a frenzy and Rives them 
their money's worth. 

If you're planning on going to the 
Dingo Balngo concen Saturday at 
the gym (don't do 10 unleu you've 
already bought your ticket-the 
show ia a complete sellout) you can 
expect to get incredibly wired by the 
band's unrelenting energy. Anyone 
who has ever been bored through the 
slow ballad portion of a typical 
concert will no doubt appreciate 

Boingo's tendency to maintain an 
upbeat tempo. 

Lead drum Johnny "Vatoa" and 
buaist Kerry Hatch push the rhythm 
to ita continuous driving tempo. 
Front man Danny Elfman's impish 
stage praence and vocals are futher 
complemented by auitarist Steve 
Bartek, keyboardiat Richard Gibbs, 
catchy vocalists "Sluao" Phipps 
and Leon Schleiderman and the 
trumpet and trombone of Dale 
Turner. 

Elfman writes all of the group's 
IOnp. This matl!rial ranaes from the 
biting social commentary of 
"Capitalism" to the light-hearted "I 
Love Little Girt. . .. 

Concerttoers can expect to mainly 
hear material from GJOd for Y OUT Soul 
album including the current slnales 
"NothinK Bad," "Who Do You 
Want To Be" and "Wake Up (It'S 

l~.)" Also, listen (or past work 
including the popular "You Really 
Got Me," "Only A Lad" and "Wild 
Sex." 

Oingo Boingo's danceable 
rhythms and Infectious energy have 
earned them a considerable 
follOWing and a reputation as a 
popular New Wave concert draw. 

As plrt of the International 
Film Series, thl. Tueaday 
Univerlity Eventl brinp you the 
San Dleao premiere of Leon 
Hireman'. acclaimed The, 
Don't Wear Black Tie. Praiaed as 
one of the most important films 
of the recent "new wave" in 
Brazilian cinema, Hinzman's film 
is an intimate portrait of a San 
Paolo family whOle life is torn 
apart by the outbreak of a violent 
factory strike. Screenigs are in 
Mandeville Auditorium and 
information can be found by 
calling .. 52 .... 559. 

* * • 
On Wedneaday, the 30th, 

UEO presents Kodo Demon 
Dnunmen and Dancen oi 
Sado In Mandeville. Ticketa for 
this incredible .how are It the 
box office and Ticketron. "52-
4559. 

* * * Opening Wednesday at 
UCSD's Studio Theatre on 
Warren Campus is a preaenta-
tion by the Drama Department 
of one-acts by Tenneaaee 
WUliaml. Featured works are 
This Propen, is Condemned and 
Talk to me Like the Rain and Let 
me LUren .. . , directea by Rou 
Wuserman and Michael Kantor. 
Tickets are $2, available at the 
Wei. Center ticker office, box 
office and all ticketron oudeta. 
Call .. 52 .... 57 .. for information. 

* * • 
In progreu at the MUlCum of 

Photosraphic Arts In Balboa 
Park Ia the Pbotopapb in 
Californial 1945.1980 
exhibition, clOlIfll Feb. 2". The 
exhibition traces the phocosra-
phy boom in California Iince 

Goings on 
World War II, and containa 
worb by SO photosrapher. 
Includll\l l..ewIa Baltz, Jo Ann 
Calli.. Judy Dater, Robert 
Heinecken, Richard Miarach, 
Jack Welpott, Minor White, 
Max Yavno and Arthur ~Uman . 
The exhibition ia accompanied 
by a lecture seriea featuring Ruth 
Bernhard on Jan. 31, Robert 
Flock on Feb. 7 ,Jack Welpotton 
Feb. 13 and Jerry McMillan on 
itb. 13. For more information , 
ca ll 239-5262. 

* * * Long overdue, The B"'en 
are appearing tonliht at the BeUy 
Up in Solana Beach. Never a 
group to deny or forsake its 
roots, The Bluters not only pay 
an honorable rrlbute to the music 
that fueled their own formation, 
but aleo fa i thfully and 
significantly add to this legacy. 
This show should be a special 
one, as the group will be 
premiering material from their 
forthcoming LP. Opening the 
show will be local boys from old 
bands who've made good, The 
Beat Farmen, who spill more 
beer on stage than any band I've 
ever seen. 481-9022. 

• • * 
Under the club. in competi-

tion' file, ia another show tonight 
with the Buabot' at the 
Diatillery nlahtclu , also in 
Solana Beach. Yau can purchue 
ticketa for thla show at all 
Teleaeat locations and at the 
Oiadllery, but if you get there 
before 9, you can get in for free 
and \lie your ticket money to tip 
the watt:rellel and bartmden. 
For information, call 7S5-6733. 

• * * 

FEBRUARY 7-10, 14-17 
8 PM / 7 PM SlJo.fDAY 
$5 - $8 

Oh Doctor! Friday night UCSD will be treated to the 
Dell' Arte Playen Company in Malpractice ar !.ooe's the 
Best Doctor, based on Moliere, in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickets are available at the box office . .. 52 .... 559. 

Tomorrow at 10 am, the talk about "An lnaide View of 
Inatitu~ for Continued I..eamilll the Motion PIcture Induatry" in 
preaentl ADdrew Frieden.,.., Room lilA of the UCSD 
direaor of the new Qnema Adminiatrative Complex. 
Society of San Oiqo and Friendenberg will apeak on hIa 
prealdent of Andrew Frieden- put experience aa relional 
berJ and Auociatea, who will publicity-promotion manaller 

for Columbia Picture. and 
United Ardats Corporation, II 
well II local Aim happenlnp. 
"52-J.f(). 

* * * Openilll thia friday ia the 
Pulitzer Prbe-winnilll comedy, 
The TirN! of YOWT Life , by 
William Saroyan, marking the 
beginning of the ninth season of 
the San DlellO Reperto ry 
"Thearre. This performance will 
be d irected by the Rep's 
Pro d uci ng Director Sam 
WoodhoUIC, and ia a comedy set 
in San Franciaco in the year 
1939. For performance timd 
and ticket information, call 235-
8025. 

* * * For you non-thearre goers and 
punks not dead. Tim Maze brinp 
you another hardcore-fest with 
the Circle JerIu, Kraut (with 
ex-Piatol Steve Janel aueating). 
Manifut Deatiny a nd 
Uniform Choice at t he 
Fairmont Hall. Ticket. are 
available at local record shops u 
well as all the ticket diatributor •. 
For those of you bored youth 
who caused the mishaps It the 
TSOL show, stay home, or at 
least fight about the ticket prices. 

• • • 
The 3'. Company and 

Dancera will be felturinll 
Dianne Brace-Kennedy and Ka~ 
Harrison in solo Jan. 26 and 27 at 
the company rehearsal studio on 
Fifth Avenue. Choreosraphy few 
thia performance fa by Jean 
Iaaa, Kenneth Macmillan. Kate 
Harrison, Nancy McCaleb and 
Betzi Roe. For ticket informa.. 
tion, call 296-9523. 
-CorniKlaI ." RocId, Bo.CIUIII 

UC SAN mEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

fIL~ERIES 
1 . 9 . 8 5 
presented by UCSD University Events Office 

-- San Diego Premiere--

MANDEll WEISS CENlER 
FOR THE 
PERFORN\lNG ARTS • January 29, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $5.00, Students & Sr.Cit. $3.00 
--_(i)~'& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 __ _ 

Jan. 2 ... 1985 HicI&uI 7 



--------~ anuary 11 &. 12---.,..--------DEARLIA~~ 
MANDEVILLE ~L 8 pm $4.00 

-------January 30-February 2 at 8 pm-------
February 8 &. 9 at 8:30 pm 

TENNESSEE WILLIAMS ONE .. ACfS 
ffThis PToperty is Condemned" and 

tf'[ alk to Me Like the Rain and 
Let Me Listen •.• " 

STUDIO THEATRE. Building 409 $2.00 

--------February 13 &. March 11--------
NEW PLAY READINGS 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 5:00 pm Free 

--------February 6-10 &. 14-17--------
THE POSSESSED-a new adaptation 

of Dostoyewky's JUWel 
pm/ 7 pm Sunday $5·00-$8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

----------March 1 &. 2----------
NECROPOLIS-PeTfOTmance Art 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 8 pm 
$3.00 (Students free at door on space-aooilable basis) 

--------March 5,7,9,13,15, &. 17-------
GRADUATE REPERTORY 

SHACHIAPANG: A Wark in Progl-ess 
-anJ-

March 6,8, 10, 12, 14, &. 16 
FROZEN ASSETS by Barrie Keeffe 
8 pm/7 pm Sunday $5·00 each/two for $8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

--------March 14 at 1:00 pm--------
March 15 &. 16 (Time TBA) 

HAMLET Project. DiTected by Eric Christmas. 
UCSD Theatre Free 

---------Mid-March (TBA)---------
GRADUATE DESIGN EXHIBIT 

MANDEVILLE EAST ROOM (Across from Auditorium) Free 
CALL 452-4574' FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 

TicJceu amil4ble at Weill Center Ticlcet Office 
and Uniwr.it), E~ts Box Office. 

8 Hiat1U Jan. 24, 1985 

cspp 
is now accepting applications for 

Ph.D. in Industrial/Organizational Psychology 
at Los Angeles and San Diego 

• Preparation for careers in business and industry in positions that 
improve organizational effectiveness and employee quality of work life 

• Hands-on experience in paid organizational field placements in service 
organizations, industrial settings, and government 

• Advanced training in personnel assessment, psychological theory, and 
performance management 

Faculty are highly qualified and experienced In the field 
Part-time and extended degree study options available 

for information and an application contact: 
CSpp - Central Admissions 

2152 Union Street • San Francisco, CA 94123 
800/457-5261 or 415/346-4507 

Student Premium- 553.00 
Spouse-566.25 
Chlldren-566.25 

per quarter-
ENROLLING NOW until Feb. Jrd 

--- Information and applications ae Q\iQilobie at ---
Student Health Center. Q-039 • 452· 3300 

Please note: I\evised desoiptive brochures are Q\iQllabIe at 
the Student Health Center. The nE"N brochures replace ary prior 
brachlXes desaibing the 1984-1965 UCSD Srudent Insurance . 
Plan underwritten by Atlanta Intematlonal Insurance Company 
under Policy No. AH01965. Ally brochure that does nor hc:JIIe 
the natation I\EV.DRO.ED.9/84 AH01965 i$ no longer in effea. 

REPAIR SPECIAL 
While you wait 

CHAIN SOLDER 
$6.00 per break 

( single-link) 
••• 

11 :30 am-5:00 pm 
Tues-Thurs 
Jan 29-31 

I •• 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 

J E W E L E R s 
- - -

The diamond people® ' IYKi "- " j, ~ ,k ... I .. 

La Jolla Village quare 8657 Villa La Jolla Driw 455,9700 


