
" 

Hac see page 7 
y 

a · 
. , . 

U 



2 rlllmda , Mal' Ib, 1985 

The San Diego Associalion of Diving 
presents the Mission Viejo National 
Diving Team Saturday, May 25 from 
noon to 4 pm at the UCSD Canyonview 
Aquatic Center. The team members 
include Greg Louganis, Michele Mitchell , 
Wendy Williams, Jim Gray and Tim 
O'Brien. Both shows will feature a 
comprehensive exhibition of the sport, . 
including springboard diving, 
synchronized diving, a trampoline 
demonstration and some light-hearted 
comedy diving and swimming. Proceeds 
from the two .hows will go to SDAD. 
The event is sponsored in cooperation 
wfth SDAD, Dive San Diego , and UCSD. 

o 
The Retirement Club of UCSD will be 

officially open for business on Tuesday, 
May 21 , at 3 pm when Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson cuts the ribbon at the 
club's headquarters in Building 507 on 
the Warren College campus. 

"The club IS a way for the University 
to reach out to a nd serve reti red faculty. 
and stalT and, at the same time, reap the 
benefits of their continued presence on 
campus," according to Maryann 
Herbenar, club coordinator and a 
special assistant in staff personnel. 

The new "club house" consists of a 
tiny office and a meeting room that 
members will share with the University 
StalT Personnel Department. It also 
houses the Rice Resource Center, named 
for Madora Rice, former head nurse of 
the Student Health Center, who died in 
February. 

Rice , who retired several years ago, 
was "the backbone in getting this group 
staned," Htrbenar said. "She was there 
to help me with whatever needed to be 
done , even washmg the windows. I 
couldn't have done this without her." 

Soon after Herbenar was handed the 
job of forming a retirement club last 
year, she conducted a random survey of 
campus retirees [0 learn whether there 
was indeed an interest in such an 
organ ization. 

The response was positive, with 66 
former UCSD ~mployees agreeing to 
serve on a planning committee. After 
several brainstorming sessions, they 
agreed that what was most needed by 
retired faculty and stalT was a gathering 
place that provided social activities, 
suppOrt services, retirement planning 
assistance and an information exchange. 

The master design also included the 
formation of a talent pool to serve as a 
source of volunteers on campus and the 
development of"ll sourcebook on 
benefits , discounts and special travel 
opportUnities for retirees. 

When the dub was chartered by the 
University Administration in October, it 
received start-up funds from Assistant 
Vice Chancellor Quelda Wilson's StalT 
Personnel Department. Today the club is 
nearly 260 strong and entirely self-
supporting. 

o 

r sectio 

-

Its calendar of events includes a travel 
slide show on Alaska and China on 
Friday, May 17, at 7 pm in Conference -
Room lilA in the Administrative -
Complex and a summer trip to the ' 
uguna An Festival. Trips to the Hearst 
Casde, the desert and other places of 
interest are also bemg planned. A club 
newsletter keeps members posted on 
what IS goinl! I'n 

"We·re a big corporation here ," 
Herbenar said, referring to l'CSD The 
club is a "soft side of the place. It shows 
that the campus is behind taking care (If 
its senior citizens ." 

BiD Soderstrom, a semi-retired staff 
officer for the Deep Sea Drilling Projw, 
is .chair, and M3I}' Jo Evans, a 
housekeeper at the UCSD Medical 
Center, is co-chair. 

o 
The University of Califomia s~ould 

implement "directed divestment~ in 
regard to stocks it owns in Ameiican 
companies doing business in South 
Africa, according to an ad hoc 
committee of UC faculty experts on 
South Africa. 

"The University ought to invest in 
only those business enterprises whose 
operations do not directly support the 
apartheid activities of the South African 
govemment" and in those that 
·'demonstrate an active commitment to 
the elimination of apartheid," states the 
committee report released May 8 for 
information only at the meeting of the 
University-wide Academic Assembly. . 

The University should "deliberately 
and progressively divest its holdings in 
companies that do not demonstrate 
such a commitment,." the report states. 

Appointed by UC's Academic Council 
Chair Wilson Smith, professor of history 
at UC Davis, the committee was 
requested to olTer its views on UC 
investment policy and South Africa to 
the Academic Council, the executive 
committee of the Academic Assembly. 

Committee members are: professors of 
political science John A Marcum, UC 
Santa Cruz, chair of the committee; 
Edmond J. Keller, UC Santa Bamara; 
Arend Lijphart, UC San Diego; Robert 
Price , UC Berkeley; Donald s. Rothchild, 
UC Davis; Richard L. Sklar, UCLA; and 
WiUiam A. Shack, professor of . 
anthropology, UC Berkeley. 

According to lhe committee report, 
the Umversity should not divest m 
companies and lending institutions that 
give OUt loans or seU computers and 
software to South Africa for speci fic use 
in educational, housing or health 
facihties that are available to all persons 
on a non-discriminatory basis. 

However, the University should divest 
its holdings in companies whose 
"business enterprises contribute their 
resources or products directly to efforts 
of the South African government to 
control the physical movement , social 

I" 1- ~ OD t-, , 

Qn..er: The anti-apattheid protestors have kept with the 
times by creating a computer network to communicate 
t~e latest events in their efforts to achieve complete 
dlvesnnent from South Africa. See page 7. 

News: The not-sa-trivial pursuit of health (see "cross-section"), 
William Ruckleshaus will give the seventh David Belkin Memorial 
Lecture on campus tonight, and the Warren Friday Faculty-
Student Hour brings communication to a sometimes alienating 

uni~ersity environment. 

Opinions: An editorial wishes that stuqent leaders would not get 
royal yearnings. One viewpoint laments CaIPIRG, another scolds 
the AS Council. Plus letters and Doonesbury.' 

Perspecti~ Two young people break away from a small town, 
but their journey is not what they expected. Plus, a good look into 
the writer's weary and sometimes bloodshot. eyes. 

. . 

Spons: Baseball describes the true meaning of the word shaft, and 
the UCSD cycling team comes home with a few prizes. 

Hiatus: A look at the "wire an" at Central Library, feminist 
performer Judy Gorman-Jacobs in concen, up-and-coming band 
Guadalcanal Diary, the break-up of the Go-Gos, Goings On and 
the lovable Caruso. 

COVER PHOTO BY KEVIN FOLEY 

organizanon and political expression of 
the black majority," the repon States. 

Furthermore, the ad hoc comminee 
recommends that the University use 
existing mechanisms for monitoring 
companies' performances, such as those 
drawn from the SuDivan Principles and 
reports and analyses by the Investment 
Responsibility Research Center (IRRC), 
as well as eStablish a Standing 
committee "to colleCt and analyze data 
and recommend action to the Regents 
on a case-by-case basis." 

This monitoring committee's mandate 
should be to encourage an active and 
principled American presence in South 
Africa and recommend divestment only 
after having made a serious elTon to 
persuade firms to comply with the 
performance criteria and moniioring 
procedures. "When University 
divestment does become necessary," the 
repon states, "it should be made with a 
public statement of cause. 

"II would be irresponsible for 
Americans to walk away from South 
Africa, leaving their plants and 
technology in the hands of those who 
dominate, just as it would be 
uncoRScionable for Americans to 

continue to invest m firms that prollt 
from complicity with apanheid," the 
committee concludes. "We can meet" the 
moral challenge of apanheid only by 
committing ourselves to the immensely 
difficult task of rendering the American 
presence in South Africa an 
uncompromising force for human 
emancipation." 0 

On-jOin& birth conbOl information 
sessions run Tuesdays and Wednesdays 
every week at noon, and a new Monday 
session from 2-3 pm has just been 
opened. 

Chris Oakley, from me Women's 
Oinic, stresses that these informal, 
drop-in sessions are open to everYone 
on campus, women and men alike, and 
are held by Student Health Advocates in 
the Training Room upstairs in the 
Stu?ent Healrh Center. Said Oakley, 'We 
talk a little bit about student health a 
lime bit about the Women's Clinic' 
services, anatomy and physiology, and 
methods of birth control." 

For more information, caD 452-2669 
or 452-21SO.-LP 

o 
- Ren~e Wenrick 

• • 

e Pursuing the trivialities of health 
"The NOT 50 TRIVlAl. PURSUIT OF HEALTH" will be 

runnmg through the rest of the quarter. On each of two 
sandwich boards, located by the Hump and at the 
Humanities Library, a health question for the day will be 
posted on one side and the answer to the prevIous day's 
question on [he reverse . 

"The idea behind It," according to Janice Yuwiler, 
health educator from Srudent Health Services, "is to give 
studems a chance to [est their health knowledge and also 
to increase the students' awareness of health activltles, 
health information and he ... lth issues. 

"It's building on the Trivial Pursuit' idea ," said 
Yuwiler, "because It'S fun-It's meant to be a game." A 
new question appears every day along with a source for 

more information, whether it be a magazine anicle or 
some kind of planned event. For instance, duringa week 
in April, the coordinators ran questions regarding 
cancer. During that same week, a hands-on "Cancer 
Exploratorium" was put on by Student Healrh Services. 
One of the main goals behind the game, according to 
Yuwiler, is to "unite some of the health actlvities on 
campus," to pull them together imd integrate them. 

Student Health Advocates and members of the stalTs 
from Health Services and Psychological and Counseling 
Services have formulated the questions , but "what we 
hope to do is solicit questions from the campus 
community as weD ," said Yuwiler. 

Anyone wishing to submi t health trivia questions of 

their own can submit the question along with the 
answer, the source of the answer, and name and phone 
number to Janice or Chris at Student Health Services, or 
mail them to the above at SHS, Q-039. Unless anonymity 
is requested, anyone sublT)itting a quesfion will be 
mentioned on the sandwich boards as its author. 

'The NOT SO TRIvw.. PURSUIT OF HEALTH" is 
supposed to be enjoyable, yet "while it's fun , there is a 
serious inrem behind it as well: said Yuwiler. 

Every Monday, free fiiers with alf of the questions and 
answers from the previous week are available at the 
follOwing locations: the two sandwich boards, Central 
Library, Humanities Library, the rStudent Center and the 
Health Center. -lisa P.lkin 

2-time EPA director 
lectures tonight 

William D. Ruckleshaus, the first 
director of the United States 
Environmental Protection Agency who 
later returned as its fifth chief, will give 
the seventh annual David Marc Belkin 
Memorial Lecture Thursday, May 16 at 
UCSD. 

The Belkin Lectures on environmental 
issues were established by the parents 
and friends of David Belkin , an honors 
graduate of Muir College who was killed 
in a backpacking accident in 1978. 
Belkin 's family established the endowed 
memorial fund which sponsors the 
annual lectures in connection With the 
Wilderness and Human Values class 
(Contemporaty Issues 20). The lecture, 
entitled "Protection of the Environment: 
A Govemment or Corporate 
Responsibility?" is open to the public 
and wiD begin at 8 pm in room 108 or 
Peterson HaD. 

Ruckleshaus, who had earned a 
reputation as a conscientious 
administrator of the EPA during his first 
term from 1970 to 1973, was nominated 
by President Reagan to head the agency 
again in 1983. His predecessor, Anne 
Burford, resigned under pressure along 
with some of her aids when they were 
accused of faVoring industry'S interests 
and ignoring environmental law. 

Ruckleshaus put the EPA's 
enforcement depanment back to work 
10 reverse Burford's effect on the agency, 
pushing for toxic waste clean-up and 
reauthOrizing the Resources and 
Recovery Act. 

According to several accounts, 
Ruckleshaus' frustration with the Re~an 

Administration eventually led to his 
reSignation after ,the preSidential 
elections last year. But according to his 
letter of reSignation to Reagan, "The 
ship called EPA is righted and is now 
steering a steady course." 

According to the December 10, 1984 
issue of Time, Ruckleshaus denied any 
conflict with the Administration. "It's 
time to move on. Agencies need new 
blood from time to time." 

In an interview in the December 10 
issue of Sports lUustrated, Nathaniel P. 
Reed , assistant secretary for Fish, 
Wildlife and Parks during [he Nixon 
and Ford Administrations, said of 
Ruckleshaus, "He had an increasing 
alienation from an Administration thaI 
doesn't give a --- about the 
environment .. .. He never said he was 
pushed out (but) everything was a fight 
for him .... He couldn't put up with the 
broken promises, the budget cuts .... He 
had significant dreams about a different 
kind of administration." 

During his l8-month return , 
Ruckleshaus replaced all ten of the 
presidentiaDy-appointed EPA 
administrators, ordered that nearly all of 
the lead in gasoline be phased out by 
1986 and banned the use of the 
carcinogenic pesticide EDB. 

Although Ruckleshaus left his position 
with the EPA confident that it was on a 
"steady course," legislation affecting the 
agency-including the Clean Air and 
Water Acts, pesticide control laws, the 
Safe Drinking Water Act and 
amendments to cum acid rain-have 
nOI been reintroduced or acted upon 

La "ella - Eastgate 

SELF-STORAGE 

• INDIVIDUALS 
• HOUSEHOLD GOODS 
• BUSINESS 
• RECORD STORAGE 
• INVDfTORY 

8440 EASTGATE cr. SAN DIEGO 92121 

• r.v. MONlTOJUMG 
• 2. HOUR SECURITY 
• ARMED GUARD RESPONSE 
• SECURE GATE ACCESS 
• CORTROLLED BUILDING ACCESS 
• FREE CONVENIENCE CART USE 

458-1950 
SUJIMER SPEOAL 
3 MONDIS 

-49 

Thursday, May 16, 1985 3 

WUliam D. Ruchleshaus, first director of the EnvironmenUlI Protection Agency, will dtli\o'tr 
the seventh annual David Belhin Memorial Lecture tonight at 8 pm in Peterson Hall. 

since Reagan took office, Reed said . 
In the same article, former EPA 

administrator Bill Drayton said of 
Ruckleshaus, "He had nobody in the 
White House to back him. He was an 
outsider ignored on key budget, acid 
rain and biogenetics issues." 

has been a high-level administrator in 
several large corporations. He earned an 
estimated $300,000 as senior vice 
preSident of the Weyerhauser 
Corporation before he took the $69,800 
EPAjob in 1983. 

Ruckleshaus was succeeded by Lee M. 
Thomas, whom Ruckleshaus had placed 
in charge of the US toxic waste 
program. Upon hearing of his 
appointment, Thomas said, "I intend to 
follow the same course as Bill 
Ruckleshaus." 

Past Belkin lecturers have included 
Peter Mathiessen, David Brower, Wallace 
Stegner, Edward Abbey and Dr. David 
Western. Last year, Howard EUman, a 
San Francisco attomey and an expert in 
the field of real estate and land use 
matters, spoke on "The Ethics of Land 
Development." ~ 

Ruckleshaus, who was trained in law, 
-Sean Wagstaff 

IfY9U're thinking 
01 breaking into 

show business, think 
of this as a croWbar. 

Each year, thousands of hopdul men and women Ir\' to cr.lsh the 
closely guarded gates of Ilo\lvwood and New York. . 

And fail. . 
Because rhey don't know the ropes. Or somehody in rhe business. 
Mosl of all, they don'l come equipped wilh Ihe right IOols. 
That's why, if you 'rt:: truly serious aboul gaining elllry, this is the tool 

to have. 
It :o; a 2Yl hour, firsl-edition video hy Nina Blanchard. And il"s a must. 
for over 24 years, Nina Blanchard has been one of the induslry:'; 

mosl powerful agents. She has launched and guided the careers o f 
!'uperstars in the aCling and modeling fields. 

Now, for the first time, you can take advantage of her 
knowledge, expertise and experienet:. You 
don't nt:ed an appointment. Just the tape. 

On Ihis video, you 'll gel first-hand infor ' 
malion and advice from the likes of f 
Academy-Award winner Cloris Leachm:.Il1, 
super-star models Cheryl Tiegs and JelT _ 
Aquik,n , renowned drama teacher Charles 
Nelson Reilly,famous casting director Wally 
NiciGl, jusl 10 mention a few. 
. That\ why you'll want to order "How 

[() Break into Motion Piclures, TeleviSion, 
Commercials and Modeling" hy Nina 
Blanchard, loday. 

A[ $59.95, it can give you everything 
you need to break into show husines.o; 
ex<.-ept for one thing. 

Talent 



.. Thursday , May 16, 1985 

Editorial 

The students are dealt a royal flush 
The Ides of March lingered late this year, well into May in fact. It 

seems as if every minute of one's day at college could be spent listening 
to the rantings and ravings of our "little Caesars." Organizational heads 
have crept far out onto the limb of student trust this season; we can 
hear the branches crackling even as we spe k. The AS Council , CalPIRG, 
the Muir College Council, the Student Body Presidents' Council- aU fair-
weathered friends of the democratic way. The University environment, 
now soured by the reckless competition of the young, is no place for 
kings and queens. This is no kingdom. There is no royal palace amidst 
the eucalyptus groves. No one should be conducting an orchestra full of 
broken violins. No dukes. No earls. No squires. No handmaidens. No 
Prince Charles. No Lady Diana . And most certainly, no serfs. 

Try analogizing, though, with ambitious students; it is similar to 
building bridges with rotting wood. You can sit down all day with our 
foremost activists and not even come close to achieving a reciprocal, 
believable agreement. Our Caesars are remarkable showpersons. Ask 
them how large their constituencies are-you want to hear about 
throngs of supponers? The AS Council will have you contemplating huge 
volumes of students initiating their actions. $0 strongly do they believe 
that they have properly assimilated student desires that a mere 66% vote 
for CaIPIRG's referendum did not even tum their heads. Instead, they 
relied on their metaphYSical abilities, Yes folks, the AS Council can read 
minds. They know that during the entire CalPIRG petition process for 
Fonn "C," you didn't understand what you were signing. How very 
perceptive of them. Isn't it wonderful to have surrogate parents in plaid 
skirts and wool jacke ts? Just when you thought that parental domination 
was over, li ttle moms and dads pop their heads out of the Student 
Center, ready to re-ins truct you. 

Now CalPIRG claims it exists solely for public interest. Their Caesars 
are screaming bloody recall about the Council's amendment to the 
electoral process. We hear a lot about the importance of pressuring the 
realm of student "initiative" from their end . OK. Sure, We wonder how 
CalPIRG would react to having every student organization on the 
mandatory registration fee form . How too would they react to a new vote 
on all the registration forms? From the looks of the CalPIRG-supponed 
Form "C," it appears we have a case of the pot calling the kettle black. 

So many people are hungry for recognition. Far too many groups vie 
for a divine right to govern. Fair skin and a thick wallet do not instantly 
qualify one for the job of the great facilitator. Taking polls two months 
after the "victory" resolves very little between friends and foes, Being all 
peachy clean with an administration which discourages broad-based 
political participation, and then using Chancellor Atkinson's evasive 
statement of "divestiture is a very complicated procedure," is hardly 
wonhy of respect. These AS Councilmembers, these CaIPIRGers, these 
college councils are right now, very frankly, inept at prodUcing positive 
change on campus, much less across the nation. Until they learn to live 
the democratic ideal in their own lives, the goal of collective decision-
making will never be met. It is time now for all the political leaders here 
in La Jolla on the hill to re-evaluate their aims. We have only a few 
moments left before the administrators construct a new plan to divert 
our attention away from the ills of SOciety. 

An individual you are, and an individual you will always be. Why 
don 't you take your unique self over to some organizational meeting one 
evening and voice your disdain for the emergence of a campus 
monarchy. Don't wait too long now; they are already polishing the 
guillotine. 

lr~ll®frtt®rr~ll®tttt®rr~ll~ilitcerr~ll®llit®lr~n(f;ilit®lr~ll~tttt®1fll<.efdt~lf$n<eilit<elfll<ettfr<eIr~n<efrttceIr~n~rut~Ir~n~rctt 
ll®ilit<e1f~ll<eilitcelf~ll<eilit®lr~ll<eilit®1f~ncettit®lr~ncercttcerr~ ll®~tt®1f~n<eilit<e1f~n<eilit<etr~n<eilit<e1f~n<etillceIr~li~ilit~ 

itcetr,~lettersll®ilitcelr~nceilitce1f~n®tttt~rr~ll~~tt~rr~n®ttit®Jj~ ll®ilit<.etr~n~tttt<e1f~n<eilit<elf~n<efdt(e1f~n®frfr@rr~ll 
Jj~n®tttt(f;lf~llceilit®rr~ll®ilit~rr~n®{tlt®Ir~n®tlli®Ir~n®frfr~rr~n®W®tr~ll®ilit®tr~n<etttt<elr~n®ilitcerr~n®frtt®Ir~nce;fr 
Unanimous 
Editor: 

Enough is enough. I had thought that 
thiS whole C.lIPIRG Issue would be 
settled b), now, but 11 appears that some 
of the campaigners cannot accept defeat 
and are sull alive and kicking. Come on, 
why can't you Just accept the fact that 
your little attempt to dupe the enti re 
student body of UCSD Just didn 't work~ 

Let's ski p the rhetonc and get down 
to the plain and simple facts . First, 
CaIPIRG clallTIS that thousand~ of people 
signed a pemion to keep CalPIRG on 
campus. They are right , stude nts want 
CaIPIRG; what they don 't want is a 
muddled , confusing regis tration fee 
form! 

I am proud to say that I didn't sIgn 
their petition and I managed to avoid 
the Han-Krishna CalPIRGers that 

inundated campus recently. Many were 
not so lucky. (How did you respond to 
their high pressure pitch? Remember 
the airport scene 111 the movie 
"Airplane"?) CalPIRG thinks that if 
students dren't tricked Into paying, they 
probably won '(. Maybe they are right. 
But if thiS is true , how can they claim 
that they have the Unatlll1lOUS suppOrt of 
the student body7 If they do have 
everyone's support , and everyone loves 
CalPIRG so much, why are they 
worried? CalPIRG supporters say that If 
they don't get the,,.. fee form, UCSD will 
lose lIS chapter Why? How can the fee 
form pOSSibly affect them? Wi ll it say, 
"Don't pay the extra three bucks for 
CaIPIRG"? No. The new form will give 
each individual the choice of supporting 
CalPIRG or not. 

A favorne ploy of CalPIRG seems to 
be the use of the word democrdcy. They 
sc ream and shout -fight fo r freedom ," 
and "Don't let the totali tarian 
administration rui n your rights! " Give 
me a break. I don't buy that baloney fo r 
a second and I'm comforted to see that 
our new student council doesn't either. 
Does anyone really believe that the 
student body thought, "Gee, I think that 
it would be 111 my best imerrst to hide 
an unnecessary fee in my fo rms. I think 
I'll exercise my right to vote on it 
because we live in a democracy?" 

onsense, the CalPIRGers know it and 
we know it bu t they think that th is kind 
of propaganda will rally students Into 
wanting to right some major wrong. The 
bottom line.is that students simply 
expressed their suppon of CalPIRG, not 

a new fee form . Period. 
The claim that form "cO' is simply a 

"community decision to tax ourselves 
while still allOWing the people who are 
consciously opposed to CalPIRG not to 

, pay" is ludicrous! If our society worked 
that way. don't you think that we would 
all be par ing "voluntary fees" to the 
March 0 Dimes, Jerry's Kids, famine 
victims in Ethiopia, and Public 
Broadcasting Systems?? Why not, they 
are all worthy causes and anyone 
conSCiously opposed to these 
organizations could si mply deduct this 
amount from thei r tOtal tax form! 

Even more ridiculous than their fee 
fo rm fiasco is their new attempt to 
impeach the new council member . 

) CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

GIIWIHIC AATlSTS: JOttf ~ TOMR.dIIp 
~ JCHI.wt.IE ICMI·FaIt; DotMI """"IIN.II""~' 

SOFn.1Y, JCJ5tU\ 
STAFfWl1aS: ,""TTAIWo\S.MJtN,.INJI(NO£IIIG. DEIICOtel, JCWI~_tG • • ~ 

VN'l HtmIN5ON. Qfl.ISl1NA KAUS, AOOEm LIiONE. _r-N~_"SOI 
SCHACHT, KATHLE£N SOtOO ... ClAI\IJMA 5TFJIAN5 
WAAf1Mf1. 

, 

Thursday, May 16, 1985 5 
~ " ()P1~nWS, : ~.... •• • •• < ~ ~. "" ,;..:" :l: ~ ... ,,» ~ .. . " ' . .-" ,.:?-

Viewpoint 

Where "is democracy? 
By CARLOS NELSON 

Patrons ... 
By GEOFF TOLCHIN 

I am extremely disappointed with the attitude . 
expre~d by Micki Archuleta in the letter ~gardlng 
the CalPIRG Controversy (The Guardian, 5/13). Such 
bombastic sensationalism merely serves to occlude the 
issue, and to point out that Archuleta's ignorance of it. 
Furthermore, the arguments which comprise this letter 
are unfounded and ill:presented. 

The controversy here is nO! one of Student suppOrt 
for an on-campus CalPIRG chapter funded by a S3 
voluntary fee; most students, including the members of 
the current ItS Council , are not opposed to such an 
ammgement. The issue here is one of deception and 

misrep~ntation . From the very outset of its 
campaign, CaIPIRG's methods worked to deceive and 
cajole would-be supporters-a practice hardly worthy 
of a public interest ,-rou~. CalPIRG members harassed 
passers-by with shouiS'tJf ''Save CaIPIRG!" and 
questions like, "Could you sign this petition endorsing 
the existence of a CalPIRG chapter on campus?" 
Unlrss prompted, they made no mention of the 
different forms, and even after prompting we~ 
reluctant to reveal any but the form they preferred. As 
luck would haw: it, the referendum question was 
worded in such a way as to present students with only 
part of the issue-that of CalPlRG chapter existence-
r.uher than asking students the question which really 
needed to be asked. 

Why has CalPIRG done these things? They insist 
that if any form but form C is implemented, they will 
nO( ~ceive adequate funding, yet they also insist that 
they have overwhelming student support. If this is 
indeed the case, why should they be afraid to present 
the choice to the students in a clear, concise, non-
obfuscatory manner? According to CalPlRG Chapter ' 
President Kim Poulis, they will ~ceive more money if 
form C were selected. 

Archuleta's argument that Dr. Watson's 
"brainWAShing and paternalistic reasoning" is 
responsible for the Council's decision is incorrect; the 
council's and Dr. Watson 's decision were arrived at 
independantly. Also, the mention of several prominent 
10c'al figures who support the CalPIRG stance is not 
only irresponsible argument, but also insubstantial; 
every prominent "authority" supporting Archuleta's 
position could be matched one-for-one by one who 
does not. Furthermore, although I have not served 
(and do not currently serve) on the ItS Council. it 
seems to me to be unreasonable (at the very least) to 
assume that any organization, the AS Council included, 
would be able to have things running at full steam after 
having met only twice. 

Several other inadequacies in Micki Archuleta's 
arguments tend 10 dissuade me from taking those 
arguments seriously. The mention that the last AS 
voted unanimously to support the 'CaIPlRG stance, for 
example, is incorrect; there were three dissenting 
votes, from Revelle's Senators. Moreover, Archuleta's 
assumption that last year's AS WdS more knowledgeable 
about the issue because it had been in office longer is 
groundless-age does not necessarily beget wisdom; 
the differing positions of the twO councils is merely 
indicative of differing political views, no more . Also, it 
is hard to reconcile the fact that the members of the 
current AS are "inept ," "spineless: and "politically 
immature ," and that laS! year's members were so 
"mature ," when the letter points out the fact that many 
members of this year's AS Council served on the last 
one. Finally, Archuleta's insistance that form C is beller 
than form A (let alone form B) because form A has twO 
fee IOtals IS (obviously) unfounded ; form C has two fee 

totals, too. 
In light of the foregoing, a proposal for a recall 

election is ludicrous. Perhaps those self-serving few 
who are the proponents of this very drastic initiative 
should nt-evaluate their responsibilities ,toward their 
fellow organizations, and toward the community as a 
whole. Try 10 think rationally, rather than jumping on 
the bandwagon of sensationalism. For CalPIRG to 
threaten that it will leave campus if the form it wants 
is not chosen, in essence saying it will "pick up its 
marbles and go home" if it doesn't get its way, is both 
petty and counterproductive. To paraphrase a ce"ain 
(by now) well-known person, CalPIRG should promote 
Student interests, nor hmdcr them. I would like to see a 
good strong CalPIRG chapter on campus; one that 
represents the students; one which spends more effort 
on campus than it has in the past. Let's make sure that 
CalPlRG doesn't become the "California PCrJOnallnterest 
Research Group: and that it keeps in mind the ideal of 
good public works. I'm sure that if it did, we would all 
benefit tremendously from such a chapter on our 
campus. 

Doonesbury 

The Muir College Council and the ASUCSD Council, 
in their respective letter to the editor and AS Bulletin, 
make dubious arguments regarding the registration fee 
forms and the past ~fentndum . The Muir College 
Council implies that the 5,900 students who signed 
the petition didn't actually believe what they were 
signing, and that the students actually want something 
different from what they requested . The Muir Council 
believes that although the students voted for a 
particular reg fce format , th<ffs not what the students 
actually meant when they voted. 

Well, Muir College Council, I don't believe it's your 
place to tell me or any other student what we meant 
when we signed the petition or when we voted. I also 
don't believe it's your place to assume a cenain amount 
of ignorance among the students. The fact of the 
maner is that the students voted for a certain format 
for the reg forms. We didn't do so out of duress or 
because of some brainwashing. Did it ever occur to 
you that the 66% majority actually wanted what they 
voted for? Once the election takes place. the Student 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

IF YOU" HAVE The home of the 39¢ ham.burger. . § 
Ida., luggatlons, 

hot nawl tips, food, etc. 

LET US KMOWlI 
-

The Guardian is your student newspaper, 
and 'We want your input. Drop by and talk to us 
(we're located next to the (he Cafe) or give us a call 
at 452-3468. Then see your ideas put into action: Or 
at least see your food consumed, 

! ~ M~'OoIu1Id~m ~ ! lD- ,,!/cu, 
uCSO - ~. 

-0. .... ..,. 

UV'j 7 J 40 Miramar Rd. ' San Diego 
ILIIII!!!I"'! .. !--------------------III!!I .. IllI!IIIWi 
,. ~ ---ALL AMERicANMEAL ---r~ ~ Quarter Puunder ' with CheeK, Larxe Fry, -.: ~ 

II - Medium-Sin, Soft Drink Caih' .... I lO~, II 
11'1 Llmll "nl' ,,'U P,ln pn . Just $1.99 '111 LlI>" ,mcr. pl'r \ '151 1 I'll- ,be _ 
II pre ent l·".J p"n ""hl' n (plu~ tall) 'I mJ,'nng :,\,)1 \'.llld \\lIh .In}· II II " thl'r " lIer Only at : II 7 140 Miramar Rd. II tm.l Good<hru _ s a_n Di_'," (t4, 

~ June l6, 1985 ,~ 

------- ----



6 Tlllmday, May 16, 1985 

••• of Muir 
< CONTlNUED fROM PAGE 5 < 
reps are not supposed to say, "Oh 
well, those ignorant students don't 
know what they're doing, so we'll 
ignore what they say." Sorry buddies, 
you're supposed to work for us and do 
what we tell you to do. You're not 
supposed to tell us what we think, but 
rather we 're supposed to tell you what 
we think. And then you're supposed to 
implement the decision. 

The ASUCSD Council believes the 
Students were ignorant from the 
beginning, that the referendum process 
did not work well to Start with. The 
ignorance here would seem to be with 
those who implemented the referendum 
process and those who wamed the 
different formats. CalPIRG made its case 
well; where was the opposition? Or did 
the opposition believe they could just 
wait until after the election and then 
inSidiously ignore the student mandate 
and implement some other policy? 

If the AS Council believes the 
referendum process was flawed or that 
all issues weren't clearly presented, then 
the AS Council should move for another 
referendum. And this time do it nght. 
But the AS Council is way out of line by 
ignoring the student mandate and 
attempting to implement a policy 

completely contradictory to what the 
students overwhelmingl}' have requested . 

Finally, the ASUCSD Council statcs 
that they would like to "ensure that you 
are properly informed." If this is the 
case, I hope they make space available 
in the AS BuDetin for opposing points of 
view rather than leavi ng that spacc only 
for themselves. 

n<ellit<elf~ne{tltelfln<ellit, 
fr<err~letter.nellit~lf~ 
lf~n<ellit<eJrln<e{tlterr~n~ 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE • < 
Don't let the CalPIRGers do it to you 
agai n. Tell then that you support the 
new council and you do nOl support 
deceit! I'm sure that I'm nOt the only 
one who feels this way. If you agree, or 
you support CalPIRG but do not support 
form "c," let them know it. Let the Vice 
Chancellor Joe Watson know it. Let 
someone know itl! 

To distinguish 
Editor: 

Daniel Nadir 

Referring to the anicle by Mr. Alben 
Wynn In the May 13 issue of the 
Guardian , I would like to point out the 
following facts: 

First of all , Zionism should be 
understood as it was defined by the 
fathers and leaders of Zionism (Hetzl et 

al.), not as what Mr. Wynn thinks "most 
Jews" consider l( 10 be. Zionism is 
mainly a political ideology based on 
religious segregation , nor a socio-cultural 
phenomenQl1, 

Secondly, yes there is a fundamental 
difference between a Jew and a Zionist, 
yet it is false to state that only a few 
Zionists defend aU Israel's policies. The 
overwhelming majority of American Jews 
are Zionists In effect, as they support 
Israel financially or polirlcaUy, and very 
often bOth, which is a simple rebuttal to 
the claim that "Zionism has nOthing to 
do with Israel's policies," 

Comparing the Israel-South Africa 
relations to the United States-South 
Africa relations is a deliberate 
misleading statement because Mr. 
Elwanm (May 9 issue of the Guardian) 
did not associate Israel's policies to 
those of South Africa on the basis of 
their economical cooperation , but 
pri nCipally on the historical relations 
starting from the leading role that Jam 
Smut, the then Prime Minister of South 
Africa, played in the 1917 Balfour 
Declaration to their current military 
cooperation military cooperation 
including nuclear technology and sales 
of arms by Israel to South Africa. 

That is what led Mr. Elwanni to 
describe the twO countries as Strategic 
allies. The similarity between the 
ideologies was arrived at only later when 
Mr. Elwanni discussed the analogy 

FREE SCREENING aponaoredby 
UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

FRIDAY, MAY 17 
8:00PM 

Tickels available at the UCSO Box Office, 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
SAN DIEGO 920Z 

Posses available at noon. 

between the two systems in their basic 
racist roots. 

As far as the question of the 1948 
massacres is concerned, Mr. Wynn need 
only review the statements of Israel's 
leaders regarding the Stem and 
Haganah terrorist groups. I think it is 
sufficient here to quote Menachem 
Begin when he stood at a press 
conference in New York a few years ago 
and declared: "I am a former terrorist." 
He was, of course, referring to his long 
affiliation with the Stem group ... 

Mr. Wynn goes on, in his ankle, 
deliberately misleading people. by. plainly 
reversing known facts about ZIOnism. 
He states that "Isl".lel has learned by 
experience [?I to be wary of those who 
promise to leave Isr.lel alone if it would 
only give up a cenain piece of land" 
whereas Israel keeps annexing land after 
land, following the original principles of 
Zionism that called for "a land from the 
Nile river [in Egypt I to the Euphr.lte 
river lin Iraqi ." 

I regret that Mr. Wynn cannot (or 
refuses to) distinguish between Anti -
Zionism, which is a political statement, 
and Anti-Semitism, which is a racial 
statement. 

Finally, I should like to point out the 
courageous and positive statement that 
Mr. Wynn makes by caDing for a 
permanent PaleStinian homeland in the 
Middle EaSt. 

Nidh.l Guessoum 

QultW .. tlng 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU Mf. 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

LeARNiNG 
CeNTeR 

Fully portable computer, 2 
disk drives, Monitor. 16 
Function Keys, Printer & 2 
seria I parts. WordStar, 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

$1550 FREE SOFTWARE! 
KayPro, Osbome, etc, 

compatible, 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties, 
SLEEPV HOLLOW 

695-9220 

Thursday May 16, 1985 7 
Ne~ 

• < -~. ~ '> '> ~ ,Yo " ~ .' '. • " , 

Cover story 

Computers link protestors nationwide 
By DEBI COHEN 

STUDENTS ACROSS THE coumry are conductin$ conferences via the computer to discuss 
apartheid and diveStiture issues. 

These students are representatives of 
the groups on their campuses who are 
speaking for divestment. For the paSt 
two weeks, they have been holding 
conferences almost daily and were 
recently endorsed by the African 
National Congress (ANe). 

The conferences are held on a 
computer network which is almost like 
cable television-once a subscriplion fee 
is paid, different services are available, 
from newspapers (on the computer of 
course), to symposiums such as the one 
on apartheid. 

The conference is held at a previously 
agreed upon time. Everyone connects 
their computer to the network through 
phone lines by using a telephone 
modem. 

The conference is held during "real" 
time," which is much like having ten 
people on the phone Simultaneously, 
without as much confusion. 

As Byron Morton, one of the 

representatives in the conference from 
UCSD, said, "(The system) gives you an 
advantage over the telephones because 
it allows you 10 talk to a lot more poeple 
a 10( more cheaply .... We can ask 30 
people the same question and get their 
responses immediately. It's allowed us to 
go beyond the local area and beyond 
the State to national level and to 
international level." 

"I don't know of another example of a 
progressive struggle (that) has used 
technology in the way that we've been 
using it. We're working with the 
computer and technology in a way it's 
never been used before. It's really an 
irony of history the way that the same 
technology that's being used to monitor 
and control the black South Africans is 
being used to coordinate student 
struggle in the US against apanheid . 

Ac~ording to the April edition of 
Scienct for the PtOp/f, the South African 
government uses a computer called Plato 
purchased from Control Data 
corporation. It is one of the most 
sophiSticated computer-based 
educational systems on the market, and 
is being used for oppressive purposes. 

New Warren program 

"Evidence shows that South Africa is 
using it to control, rather than educate, 
blacks," the magazme said . 

IronicaDy, computers have enabled · 
the representatives at UCSD to fi nd out 
first hand what is going on at other 
campuses right when it happens. For 
example, the students from the 
University of Wisconsin were able to 
exchange up-to-the-minute briefings 
about the sit-in at their state capitol. 

In a computer conference with the 
ANC, the ANC representative gave the 
organization's first written approval to 
the Students, in support of the ongoing 
rallies across the country. 

"We ask all men of good will to rake 
action against apartheid in the follOwing 
manner: 
1) Urge your church, union , lodge, club, 
etc ., to protest against apartheid . 
2) Urge your government to support the 
economic sanctions. 
3) Don't buy South African products, don't 
trade or inwSl in South Africa: the ANC 
representative said . 

The ANC went on to say, "The people 
of South Africa view foreign investments 
in that country as investments in 

apartheid . The apartheid system 
survives because of foreign investments 
which benefit that system and not the 
Black people." 

When the forum was opened up for 
questions, the representative from 
Columbia Urtiversity asked, "Is our 
message heard in South Africa?" In 
reply, the ANC said that "The people of 
South Africa closely follow the events in 
the US: 

Mark Phillips, also one of UCSD's 
r~presentatives , asked the ANC for "an 
explicit statement of endorsement for 
the divestiture campaign: In response, 
the ANC answered, "ANC completely 
endorses the diveStiture program." 

This message reached over ten 
different universities Simultaneously. The 
test was later read at UCSD during the 
noon rally on May 6. 

Some of the othe r un i versities 
participating in the ongoing conference 
include: NYU , University of Florida, 
University of Iowa, University of 
Wisconsin , UC Berkeley, UC Santa 
Cruz, Columbia University and UC Los 
Angeles. ~ 

, Faculty-Student Hour promotes contact 
By KATHLEEN SCHOLL,SlaffWnter 

COMBATTING THE COMPlAINT that there is little meaningful intel".lction between students and 
faculty, Warren College has recently 
implemented a Friday Fa ulty-Student 
Hour. This progl".lm has been deSigned 
to bring together students and faculty in 
an informal se tting to thscuss subjects of 
general interest for students in any 
maJor. 

According to Robert McDonell , 
progrdm representative for the Warren 
Writing Program and the creator of me 
Fnday Faculty- tudcnt Hour, there has 
been "an on-going complaint of both 
faculty and students at UCSD that there 
is little meaningful interaction between 
students and faculty outside the formal 
classroom setting." 

McDonell was once a Muir College 
undergraduate and also completed his 
graduate studies at UCSD. He came up 
with the idea for the inform:.!1 Friday 
hour last summer in an effort to try to 
combat the problem of distance berween 
faculty and students. 

£l,blS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

"Even though the professors hold 
office hours," said McDonell , "and there 
appears to be encouragement for 
students to attend office hours, there 
seems to be at best an under-ut ilization 
of office hours by students, and beyond 
that , little contact between faculty and 
students, especiall)1 lower-diviSIOn 
undergl".lduates . There's almost a wall 

-between a lower-division student stuck 
in a survey course in their major that's 
got 300 students in it." 

McDonell went on to add, "I thmk it 
goes back to what appears to he a kind 
of convention that students and fa ulty 
don't really interact, and I think that the 
onl}' way that this is going to be 
overcome is if there are small programs 
like thiS that begin to set up conditIOn 
for the possibility of interactions." 

Another problem. that McDonell sees 
as contributing to the current gap 
between students and faculty is the 
emphasis on resedfch by the Untverslty 
and the subsequent demands on the 
professors for pubhcanons. 

Casual. 
Comfortable. 
Californian. 

"-'-kHo.",1e COles,., _" ;13 (leg. $lB! .. " ./0 (~, '15) 
" .. "",ItU., (fDII -"."11 _I.., lit ;u (leg. $t5 If .p) 

Dlrec1/ __ 1'e-. UJ (reg. NO) • CeI~'U (reg. U51 
(I0"ll""r extral 

,adM 'l.(teg. $Jj) • ..,. .... ~J (1efI. .. 51 
Ii .. --.".w .Il (reg. '151 

~1IIt .... / ......... , n,. uti «",11" W III"". $15 off 
I'fIll'Cure uti pe4lcu~ (0.-., ;J off 

Sp«IIJIJ good with MJ ,_gil 5/2J/BJ, 1'101 _14 _n .JINI/.tI I.t .......-
.4 full Ml'lllce ""011 

7lIIOI UItdI IIiIU 1I'feM Col. Dr. If 1"'1 HI-aN5 
file.- __ lfotmt:rlJlIJlJol" ellll'", Co.l 7J7,." 51.. IJJ JrJI" .""70 

"People have to literally work 18 or 20 
hours a day ... to even have a chance at 
tenure. This translates into a complete 
lack of time for what ),OU would think 
would be one of the principal reasons 
for the UniverSity' eXiStence , .. . the 
teaching of the students." 

Warren College ProVOSt Michael 
Addison believes that the faculty, hour 
fits very well into the overall goal of the 
Warren campus, which is for students 
to gel the total expenence through 
integration of classes and outSide 
programming. 

"It gives students a wonderful 
opportu nity to meet with faculty 
members outside of the classroom and 
vet at the same time to be engaged in 
something that is fundamentally pan of 
the educational pro ess, and it's a wa), 
for us as a college to help students to 
recogmze that education do<:sn't Just 
end in the classroom, nor does I[ end 
when you graduate from college: 
Addison said. 

Speakers at pas! Fnday Facult)-

UCSD THEATRE presents 

Student Hours have included professors 
from a vane ty of different backgrounds 
includmg Scnpps and the Departments 
of Political Science, AME and 
Chemistry . 

'We've had students In attendance at 
every one of thesc meetings," says 
Addison, "not a large number but we 
don't measure things by the numbers: 
many of the programs we stage we feel 
are very satis[actory because a small 
number of students have really been 
affectcd and Intellectually engaged. The 
real measure of success is the long-term 
benefit In progl".lms like thIS one," 

The Friday Faculty- tudent Hours are 
held In the Apartment Lounge from 
noon until 1:30 The next twO professors 
scheduled [Q speak are Dr M LC;l 
Rudee, dean o[ engineering, whu will 
speak on "Current Trends In 
Engineering," and Dr. Lu Jeu :h.un uf 
the Physics Depanment. whose [,Ilk is 
entitled " urel), You're Joking, Mr. 
Feynman" ~ 

the WEST COAST PREMIERE of 

MUD 
By Obie 

Award winner 
Maria Irene 

Fornes 

MAY 22-25 8:{'m 
UCSD Theatre 

on Warren 
(behind Bookstore) 

$3 452 .... 574 

Tickets at Weiss Center Ticket OffICe and 
UCSD Student CenteT Box Office. 



Emerging Writers' Series 

Helmswoman' 
By ROBIN RAUCH 

FRAN SLID DOWN THE POLE, swinging 'round and 'round, her arms and legs wrapped tightly 
about the cold metal. 

"Come on, Fran, we're gonna be late," 
Joel called up in a whisper-yell. 

"I'm com in'," she answered as her feet 
touched the soft grass. "JUSt hold on." 
She looked up to her bedroom to see a 
yellow light glowing through the 
curtains. 

"Damn, I left the light on." 
"You're not gonna be there when it 

burns out anyways. Besides, your mom'lI 
tum it off in the moming when.she 
comes looking for you." Joel had hold of 
her arm and was pulling her out of her 
front yard ontO the cement sidewalk 
and down the street tOward the bus 
stop. 

Fran imagined her mother coming to 
look for her the next morn mg. She'd 
knock lightly on the door. "Franny?" 
she'd say softly. She'd knock harder and 
then call again . Then she'd open the 
door and peek m, and then she'd walk 
all the way in. going to the bed , to the 
closet, to the Window. he'd probably 
tum off the hght. And then she'd realize. 
"Oh my God," she'd say. "Oh my God , 
oh my God!" And she'd cover her face 
with her hands and shake her head and 
cry. 

Joel stared out the bus Window while 

thg writgr's fi 

Fran nipped through an issue of Sports 
Illustrated. "This Betty-Lu Olympic cutie 
makes me sick. Look at her, aU sappy-
sweet. Everyone thinks she's so 
adorable. Do you think she's pretty? She 
held up the picture of the smiling 
gymnast so Joel could see it. 

He glanced over with his mind sull 
out the window. "Yeah, she's cute." 

"Cute. Everyone says she's cute. If she 
hadn't won a gold medal, they'd say she 
was boyish." 

She was going to ask Joel if he 
thought boyish was attractive in a 
woman, but he was looking out the 
window again. 

"Hey, why so serious? You were 
rearin' to go before we got on the bus." 

"I don 't know. It's just different now 
that we're actually here, going. I mean, 
we planned and planned , and now here 
we are, just sitting, and the bus is doing 
the planning, taking us where we're 
gomg, and we're just silting. I feel 
foolish or something." 

"Don't chicken out on me now, 
buddy, we 've spent tOO much time 
dreaming about this thing. Besides, 
we've already done the hard part." 

Joel spoke softly, never looking away 
from the dark night lYing beyond the 
gjass." 0 , leaving's the easy part. 
Anybody can leave . It's actually being 
out here , !(oing to someplace, that's the 

hardest. All's you have to do when 
you're leaving is close your eyes. Close 
your eyes now and you'll faD flat on your 
face." 

He seemed so distant, Fran didn't 
answer him. But she didn't agree. It was 
the hardest thing she'd ever done, 
leaving that house. She imagined her 
mother and uncle screaming at each 
other, blaming each other. Her sisters 
would think it was exciting, and her 
uncle would worry about where Fran 
would find a job. But her mother knew. 
Fran had wamed her. One more slap, 
one more goddamn slap, and she was 
gone. And her mother said the only job 
she could get in the city was as a 
goddamn whore, and Fran said she 
didn't care, anything was better than 
living here. Anything was better than 
living there. 

She was surprised when Joel's voice 
interrupted her thoughts. "I juS[ wish I 
knew what the hell wasfnna happen." 

"Y'know Joel: she sai , putting her 
feet on the seat in front of her and 
resting her chin on her knees, "it really 
doesn't matter." 

Fran woke up as the bus slowed 
down and pulled into a rest stop. Joel 
was already up and grabbing his things 
from above. It was beginning to get light 
outside. Her sisters would be waking up 
to the smell of bacon soon. Her uncle 
was in the shower right about now. 

"I'm gonna go to the washroom and 
clean up ." said Joel. "We'll be in the city 
in about three hours." He headed 
toward the door without even looking at 
her. She still couldn't figure him OUI. He 
said if she ever wanted to leave this 
stinkin' hole , he'd take her. He was 
gonna get out of this place someday; 

jUst needed some incentive. Always 
looking forward , Joel was. Not at any 
particular thing, JUSt away. Sideways was 
probably a better word than forward. 
She wished sht could be more like that, 
nm all caught up in the pain of now. 
She could see him through the window, 
on the payphone. Probably talking to his 
sister. She was OK, his sister. She and 
Joel were pretty close. 

Fran decided to go clean up too. Her 
sisters were probably fighting over the 
hot curlers right now. It'd be a long time 
before she could afford a set of hot 
curlers. She'd miss her sisters. Hell, she 
thought, those brats are probably 
dividing up my clothes right now. 

As she walked down the steps of the 
bus, she saw Joel talking to the driver. 
When she reached them, Joel took her 
arm and led her aside. "listen Fran, I've 
gotta talk to you." He waited a couplt of 
seconds before continuing. "We've gotta 
go back: he said, quicldy adding, "but 
don't be mad. My sister's pretty peeved 
at me and she wants me to come back 
and get things squared away before I 
take off for good. Another bus is coming 
through here in about 20 minutes. 
Besides, Fran, this thing isn't very well 
planned. I mean, we don't have any son 
of definite job lined up and we haven't 
got much money. It was pretty stupid of 
us to just take off the way we did . It 's 
JUSt too iffy, Fran." 

She looked at him. His eyes were 
daning around, looking at the grass, at 
the sidewalk. at anything but Fran. He 
seemed ashamed. 

"II'S OK: she said, putting a tight 
hand on his shoulder. "I'm gonna go 
wash up. Wanna look sharp when I get 
to the city." &:l 

"What big eyes you have, Grandma .... " 
By PHIL LAUDER 

I T IS TIME to pay some tribute to thiS column's partIal namesake. There IS nmhmg we take more for 
granted than our eyeSight- except 
maybe life itsel f, and 1 don't want to 
tum this mto a philosophIcal column. 
so I'll leave that one alone. You'll get by 
JUSt fine without a sense of taste or 
touch or smell, ce rtainly you'll be able to 
functIon fairly well m sociery. Gemng 
along without heanng is not so easy, but 
at least there is hp reading and stgn 
language and teit-vislon shows that are 
dosed-capttoned for the hearing 
impaired (mdlcated by th e little square 
Q they show Just before the program; I 
don) really know what the hell "c1osed-
captloncd" mc"ns-for .I ll 1 know it 
might he a giant hOJX hy the major TV 
net\l'orks to make thoM' of us with 
hearing thInk somethmg useful IS being 
done for those WIthout ). Anywa y, there 
are still ways to function well enough in 
socIety wlthtlut the use 01 hearing. 

Wh IC h leaves eyeSight, the fifth , final 
,md most vua l sense of all. One is not 
deb ti lLited WIthout one's sense of SIght; 
one has no l holce but to make do with 
what one hJ~ . so one does. one way or 
"nother. Jnd 1 thlil k th,u's onederfuI. 
(Sorry) But It Jln 't e.ls)'- It can't he 
Bra Ille IS .I wonderful th lllg, hut most 
phYSICS books don 't l:omc In brJille, Jnd 
sc hools for th l' hhnd Men't cJmped 
upon every street COflll' r 

o Just whJ t t ('p~ do we tJke to 
preserve the dll<ll c(,nters 01 our most 
Import.tnt sl'nsory .,hlhr),) We gIve them 
nuorescent Itghtlng- everywherc

' 
We 

give them hours of ~tJrtng Jt cathode 
ray tuhes, often Jt 4:30 In the momltlg 
In the EECS Idh. We gIve them the hne 
prtnt to reJd hefore ~ lgnmR We gl\,{' 

them smog and smoke and dust and 
stress and a lew other foul items thrown 
in for good me;.lsure. In shon, we give 
them a hell of a bad time. 

It is pretty much gIven that If you live 
dose to life expectancy, you're going to 
acqUire an extra set of eyes somewhere 
down the line. There's JUSt tOO much for 
the stand"rd equipment to dedI with in 
a modem lifetime. In the caveperson 
days , Og and Ogra (d happy couple if 
ever there was one) didn't haw to deal 
with wming ten-page papers at 3 am 
and didn't have to deal with tax forms 
or car insurance lorms or forms to 
requisition m~re forms. The computer-
certainly the cathode screen- wasn 't 
quite in the planning stages yet , and 
fluorescent hghts. if used at ;.Ill , cert;.linly 
weren't used in the caves. Consequently. 
you dIdn't see tOO many cave men and 
women walking around with eyeglasses. 
At leJst I dIdn't. 

But now the rules Jre dlfferenr. 11 you 
plan to lave awhll;: . plan to get glasses. 1 
personall), find It quite demoralizmg to 
see a peer come to class one da}' 
wearing a paIr of gbsses that have never 
been needed hefort' , thIS has hJppened 
at least three [lines recently to friend s of 
mint: , and it's got to he a humbltng 
feeitng to them Christ, these people .Ire 
21 ),ears old Jnd are normal, health y 
humanOIds. Am I next ? And wh.I[ 's 
gomg to h,lppen when we 'rr all 81. 
when everythlllg .lOd morl' IS gOtng ll) 
depend on computer screens (and our 
uhlltt ), to rr Jd thl'mP Loro knows. I 
don·t. 

Tod.,y, at le.lst we ha\'e the optton of 
Lont<lCt lenses. _ Thl' pOpUIMIl)' 01 L ,lIlt.let 

lense~ has l'xploded over the IJSt J.:o\\ 
),e,lrs U<:'dtlJlg qUlle ,I mc s I'm '-oUll' 

Contacts are a wonderful cosmetic 
invention , I guess. Most of len you really 
have to look carefully to discover that a 
friend of yours has been wearing 
contact lenses for the last five years. If 
you diseover the fact sooner, it's 
probably because you saw the bottle of 
contact solution in her purse. 

I realize there is a great advantage in 
not changing one's appearance when 
lenses of some sort are needed . But I 
don't see how you people handle 
shoving a piece of whatever into your 
eyeball. I would freak. If I dIdn't freak 
when I first put It in , I would certainly 
lreak the first time something got caught 
ocrwet."n eyeball and lens, which 
Jpparently happens d lot. I would forget 
my solution now and then (and again 
Jnd again), and I'd end up domg what I 
once saw a frtend of mind do and pop 
the lenses IJlto my mouth to clean 
them-a habit that's both pleasant to 
watch and , I'm sure , pleasant [0 do. 

People who Rave Just lost a contact 
look really silly. Down on aU fours they 
plunge- like it's a drop dnll or 
something. And aWil)' they grope-hillf-
hltnd , nJturJlI}" looking for a quaner-
mch chunk 01 tmnslulem nothmg thJt 
is everythtng to them .md that I~ about 
III bl' te pped on hy some 1001 or 
.lIlother, COStl ng them a cool $)00 and iI 
few days 01 h.tlf nl thm eyestght. Sillter 
stlll IS the li t' that results once the 
VILum rt'tllllts fnend s, .It:qualntJnces, 
slreet pl'oplc .lntl dlstJm CO USIilS into 
the hunt. I hl:> seems to happen 
Irequently dunng ~portlng e\Cms. sUlh 
.IS proleSSl,lOJI hJsketn.lll games .md 
('\'cn fomh.lil games On a hJrdwood 
h,lskcth.dl Ulu n ,In ,lt hletl' .md hIS 

recruits have half a ch.mce. On a grassy 
football field, it's "HEY you bums, forget 
it-I didn't pay money to WJtch this 
mdnure. Get on with the game!" 

The advent of extended-wear lenses 
is a blessing to many. Those I could 
probably handle. I can handle not 
worrying about anythmg to do with 
lenses for three months at a time-and 
that period will probably lengthen as we 
plunge through the last half of the 
decade. Get the time up to a year or ten 
and I'll probably be able to deal with life 
once the time comes for me too to go 
hlind. 

* * * 
Such is my look at eyes. I could, of 

course , write much more on the subject; 
I didll 't cwn mention eye color or 
shape or sensuality or any of that stuff, 
so maybe I'll save all that for another 
da}'. I would like to explain, after a year 
and a half of thIS column, the name "the 
Wnter's I," because the tnterpretation of 
" I " as "cye" is only half correct. "The 
Wrtter's I" is a Illemry term for the use 
of the personal pronoun "1" in wnting; 
cerL.Ilnly in journalism one doesn't want 
to say thmgs like, "I rapped with the 
Governor toda}' over teJ and cmckers 
... bout ,Ipanheid and divestment, .lOd 
herl"s whJt the dude told me ." In iI 
column- at leJst in this column- I get 
.IWilY with (nip Itke that .. or at least 1 
thmk I dll . In other words, the " I " is 
hmh 'e}c" and "I," and since I'm ure 
) ou've lilyed up for weeb on end 
wo ndering abollt the whole thmg, I've 
been h'lppy to take this opportunIty to 
.,hJrl.' rhls with you and put your mind 
t ( ) l'ase 

C.11l ag,lln . 

Baseball gets 'had' 

The Crime of the Century 

The coach of the blacldisted Tritons, 
Lyle Yates. 

U CSD's CYCLING TEAM fimshed last weekend with rwo plaques. two Jerseys and a lot of 
trophies. thanks to stellar performances 
at the Western Regional Intercollegiate 
championships at UC Santa Barbara. In 
fact , Tom Colley, the team coach, said 
that with more women riders "we could 
have taken the whole thing." 

Todd Switzer was the Overall Points 
Champion in the Expen category, 
thanks in large part to his first place in 
the criteriul"" ~vent (42 miles), a fifth 
place in the , 1 mile Expert Road Race 
and a second place finish in the ten 
kilometer Expert Time Trial. Also 
placing in the Expert field were Matt 
Newberry, with a second in the road 
race and a third in the Time Trial and 
Alex Olender, who had a sixth pla'ce 
finish in the Road Race. 

Novice rider Scon Edwards was the 
Novice Overall Points Champion, with a 
third in the Novice Time Trial (10 km.), 
a second place finish in the 30 mile 
Novice "A" Criterium and a first place 
finish in the 50 mile Novice Road Race. 
Other winning Novice rtders included 
Pat CaSSidy and Kelly Gnffon, WIth a 
third and a fifth in the Novice "S" 
Criterium. 

Colle}' and Griffon were ecstatic about 
the performances of their experr riders , 
espeCially in the Criterium ewnt, where 
several riders blocked people from other 
schools so that Switzer would rematn 
unchallenged. During his last lap, 
Switzer IiIpped the field, finishtng the 
mce while most riders still had a lap to 
finish . Colley commended Newberry's 
team tactics in particular, saying that 
"Malt sacrificed hiS overall points lor the 
team" while keeping "everybody back 15 
seconds." 

Indeed, .some of that blocking was 
cause for protest by Stanford which, 

By JOHN SCHACHT 

A NO YOU THOUGHT the Srinks Job was the crime of the century. That dubious title may JUSt 
have been given to a new owner a week 
ago Monday when the UCSD baseball 
team leamed they had not been selected 
to panicipate in the Division III 
Westem Regional Playoffs. 

Because the Tritons did nor finish 
first or second in the SCIAC in their 
first year of Division 1\1 play this year, 
their fate was to be determined by a 
three member committee of coaches-
the perpetrators, as it were-from 
Pomona Pitzer, Cal State Stanislaus and 
Occidental. The panel's decision on the 
two teams who are to playoff for the 
honor of representing the West in the 
College World Series was sent to the 
central Collegiate decision body. UCSD 
was not on the liS[ that emerged May 6. 

Coaching what he called "the best 
team we've had here in my four years," 
lyle Yates' squad will not be 
participating in any form of post-season 
play for the first time since Yates' tenure 
as head coach began. 'It's JUSt an 
outright crime: said Yates, and given 
the circumstances surrounding the 
Tritons' post season absence , crimmal 
behavior seems an appropriate term. 
Some of the criteria used by the panel 

were-in order of importance-overall 
record, level of competition and 
pitching depth. These and other 
considerations were to determine the 
twO representatives. 

At first appearances, it would seem as 
though justice had been done and the 
Tritons were merely crying sour grapes, 
when first place finisher Redlands and 
runner-up LaVeme were chosen to play 
In the best three out of five series. Both 
teams finished above .500 while UCSD 
finished !WO games under at 24-26-1. 
But a series of extenuating 
circumstances-going all the way back 
to a scheduled double-header in 
February-point to some radically 
different assumptions. 

. As Yates put it, "there is no problem 
WIth LaVeme being chosen. They're a 
good team-certainly better than 
Redlands. It's JUSt that the panel is 
supposed to pick the two best teams 
and ~,is year one of them is staying 'at 
home. 

A comparison of Redlands' and 
UCSD's schedules, statistics and 
competition show a marked disparity 
between the two clubs and reveal some 
chicanerY that led to UCSD's absence 
this year. 

The first dispariry that stands out is 

Two plaques, 
two jerseys, and a 
lot of trophies 

By ROBERT LEONE, Sla.iJ Wntrr 

Dt:spilt .the above eviden~e of the bllttng team's success at the Western Regional 
Intercollegtate Championships at UCSD, (tam coach Tom Colley satd that in fact hls'team 
"could hayt done beller." 

the number of games played by each 
team. The Tritons played 52, Redlands 
only 33. More important than the 
number of games, however, is the 
question of who the games were 
against-the number !wo criterion, 
difficulty of schedule. For instance, 
UCSD played 17 games against Division 
I and II schools, not one of which, 
according to Yates, "was a palSy-a 
record booster." In amasSing their 18-
14-1 record , Redlands played a tOtal of 
none-that's zero, ladies and gents-
versus either Division I or II schools. 
. Nine of Redlands' wins came against 

the three worst Division III teams on the 
West Coast-UCSD played one game 
total against those same schools. The 
Tritons' West Coast Division III record 
was 10-3, and 9-2 within the SCIAC 
itself. The Tritons' only rwo losses came 
against laVerne, who split the season 
series with UCSD, 2-2. In head to head 
competition , UCSD beat Redlands in 
their only meeting all year. 

In fact, UCSD and Redlands were 
scheduled to play four games against 
each other during the season-a double 
header both at home and away-but in 
each instance the Redlands coach 
refused to play both games of either 
!Win-bill, and one game was rained out. 

2 CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 ) 

according to Colley, "protested 
everything." He mentioned one 
particular case coming from the Expert 
Criterium, where Tom Atkms, an SDSU 
rider, who was not wearing a team 
jersey, helped the UCSD squad blo k 
field . Atkins was, according to Colley, 
later confronted by the Stanford coach , 
who then issued a protest. According to 
Colley, ofTlctals felt that since San Diego 
is a small tOwn , the collegiate riders 
tend to know each other and help each 
other, so they declined to act on the 
protest. 

This protest cycle is one that began at 
least !WO weeks before the 
Championships, when the UCSD team 
competed at Stanford. Accordmg to 
Griffon "I'd rather forget that one. The 
race (a criterium) was not bad on 
Saturday, and on Sunday it was a 
travesry." Griffon elaborated by saying 
that Edwards (who was also an OveraU 
Pomts Champion at Stanford with firsts 
in the Novice Criterium "nd in the 
Time Trial) "was the first rider ofT in lhe 
Time Trial. and when he got to the 
finish there was no one there" to take 
his time. "I SOrt of got the feeling we 
were buying Stanford new Jerseys and 
new equipment and not paying for the 
race: said GrifTon, in a reference to the 
$5 emry fee each rider paid to enter the 
Time Trial. 

After that distressing experience, 
UC D recovered with a Criterium at 
SDSU. where Sill Myles placed second 
in the ExpertS race, and Cassidy placing 
thtrd in Novice "S" division, then 
tumed to UC Santa Barbara. At Santa 
Barbara , the team found something to 
change a display case in the Bike Shop 
into a trophy case. 

According to Colley, the UCSD team 
needs new riders of both sexes to 
remain competitive. ~ 



... So happening Otl 'Ill ansolutc/.y ·unreai"· da oj surfing at Black's Beach las! aturday. 
tiCSD > A" tl'~m emnged u, th,' ,,,emIl team wl/lIler Aided Iry some " deJlnlte~' good sury. " around I/O 
suryCrI part/( Ipated.111 ,t II I th, ull·dllY competItIOn . then In the patty dunng whIch alllards , councsy oj 
IltL rll}t Centcr. wen' ,I,~\'('n ,)ut 

11:30 A.M. 
- 1:30 P.M. 

• fonburg<" JOU group 
• grupo foll< looco 

Third 
Colle-g. 
Quod 

• me OfftCfOl nomlflQ dedlcatlon 
of "'"d coile9<' 

• cultural and erMOC d,!playl by 
>lVdenr v comm'-""'Y "'90"" 
l"'oons 

• o olls d~ and ""'" 
• onwork by >On ~ • own 

gene Iockleot 

Provost's 
1:30 P.M. COI"""~ 

- 2!'4S P.M. ~ 
. hlmcomngol~ 
• <Ioo.ooIon foI--.g 0Q0u! O<JI 

mulrl-Culluol world 

3:00P.M. 
- 4:30 P.M. 

Cen,., 
For The 

Peop~ 
• alumnI program fe-QTuflng a 

rowdtoble of 01...,...,. and tocull'; 
hom years <)Of'lt' by Includ,"9 
membe<. of O<JI chaner closs of 
1974 

6:00P.M. 
- 7:30 P.M. 

La 
Coso 

• ~!p<'oMr dr corto\ c""",-
uc r~ '-"Y depI . .... 
be addr.....-g IIw Ioo<noMg v 

r~ ~ 01 "el!nClIy n 
eOvcOllOn 

7:30 P.M. 
- 10:00 P.M. 

Third 
I..Kfurt! 

Holl107 

If you re LnObIe 10 JOtI1 ~ Of me 
banquer we hop\! you WIll onend 
our eventng of l!!!!: culruol enrer 
IQK"VTMmf 

• rrod"K)nOI"ICIPOOe1e donee 
• of "COO donee 
• uad go>peI COOtr 
• poIyne>Ion dor>c .. 
• ron.rocn f.e and blade dor>c .. 
• !OUOh ()I'(j cenrroI <lo'nefocon musoc 
• eu-~ IoIk and mod·eowm 

mull( 

• >diu block ~ 10lOI !Iwo. 
nocol ... >epert<'OCP 

Crinte 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 9 <: 

One of the reasons cited by the 
Redlands coach for not playing bOlh 
double-heade r games was ~ lack of 
pitchi ng depth. "That's one of the 
imponant critena, and here he was-in 
esse nce- telling me he didn't have the 
depth to play two games." said Yates. 
UCSD , on the other hand, had the 
numbers two, three and four pitchers in 
Division III ball on the WeSl. Coast in 
DaVid De Cordova, Mark Sloan and 
Frank Califano. Redlands' only pitcher 
in the tOP 20 was ranked seventh , and, 
.IS Yates potmed out, "he did that 
agai nst a lot weaker competition ." 

An .Idded note of irony occured the 
day before UCSD got the bad news. The 
Tritons had JUSt taken two out of three 
games from Grand Canyon College, the 
number 2 ranked NAlA team in the 
country. All they had done this year was 
beat mighty Arizona State and Miami of 
Flonda. For good measure. the Tritons 
had just beaten Grand Canyon's ace, 
who was 14-0 on the year. Gr~nd 
Canyon versus Redlands: said Yates, 
"would be a laugher-except that 
Redlands doesn't play any top ranked 
NAJA, teams-and they Sl.i\1 only had a 
3·8·1 record agai nst NAJA teams." 

Coach Yates tried to explain to the 
chairman of the Regional AdviSOry 
Committee , Mike Riskas from Pomona 
Pitzer, that in this instance the two 
records of the clubs were misleading. 
"Everything I said fell on deaf ears ," 
Yates said, "Riskas assured me that Ihe 
decision had not been made in 
advance-but it had. They were not 
going to pick us if they could at aU 
avoid it. They used our over~ll record-
which was the only thing they had on 
us-as the kicker. They ended up 
holding our tougher sc hedule against us, 

rather than for US." 
Why the apparent hoslihty toward 

UCSD? Yates feels "hlack li sting" is an 
appropriate word. "A vote for us thi 
year- our first - would basicaUy be 
saying that they accept us in this 
program. There has been a lot of anll' 
UCSD sentiment running through the 
SCIAC all year. As the Redlands 
situation showed, most of the lesser 
teams wouldn 't or didn't want to play us 
at all ," explained the coach. "Because 
we're a big school, they're holding that 
against us , but that's not fair to my ball 
players. They didn't choose to be an 
independent, or to be in Division 111 -
they're Ihe ones being dealt a bad hand . 
ObvIOUSly the SCIAC is not going to 
abide by the rule that the two best 
tcams are the ones who should bailie it 
out to represent the region-otherwise 
we 'd he playing La Verne." 

Yates IS not optimistic about the 
future . either. The coach's strategy of 
scheduling top-notch DiVision I and II 
schools to beller prepare the Tritons for 
their Division \II "backfired," Yates 
decided, "so next year I gucss we'll have 
to \Vater down our Division 1 schedule 
and reschedule as many games as 
possible against Division III schools. 

Easier said than done, however. 
According to Yates, Mike Riskas told 
him that "there's a memo going around 
the SCIAC 10 CUI down schedules next 
year-the games these teams cut may be 
with UCSD. We'll probably be playing 
only two games next year versus those 
top SCJAC tearns , and the others won 't 
even bother playing us." The Tritons are 
stuck in a tr.lgic place as the baseball 
program improves every year under 
Yates' direction. Gr.md Canyon coach 
Gil Suford told Yates that UCSD W'~s the 
best Division UI school they had played 
all year. "He felt we could have made it 
to the NAJA World Series: Yates said . 
InSl.ead the Tritons will be staying at 
home, all dresed up wilh no place to 
go. rl:l 

ilf 

SWAMP: (/ to r) Player·coach Glenn "Hydroplane" Lucey. Michelle Rubin. Andy i. 
Mlchelottf. goalie Matt. "SWISS Cheese" Adams, Shelly Hirst, John "Put Me In Coach " 
Kilty. (not pictured) Tom "Where Was 11" Jones. Carol Lipson. Tom Doupe. 

SWAMP 
COED A INNERTUBE WATERPOLO 

I personally have seen SWAMP playa couple of times and I do 
not find them overly intimidating. In fact, they're lucky to win 
a game. But to not show up and forfeit in a highly touted 
Miller Game of the Week is beyond me. But that's just what 
happened Sunday night when "No Beans for Godzilla" failed 
to show for their big match-up with SWAMP. 
Congrats SWAMP on your big win. It's probably the only way 
you could have won. 

alo WEDNESDAY BlO WEDNESDAY alO 
WEDNESDAY M..y 22 7 & 9 pm. 151201 
VIolIn. '** PAP br 320r just tJr An IncM*.taI or 
shIn!d 1mcr5. HI!Ien MIrUn. 457-0671. IW6I 
TrMllc a.sses-courr AflpRMd. SIt. Sun. EIIes. 
Held. U'WenItY TCMne Center, TomyPlnes Inn, 
MIssIon Valley, ~ Mesa. EI O!jon. PadfIc ~.n. 
Registration ~213. ISlI6I 
JOUA N::N:JEM( OF ADIIERnSlNG NIlS I-Yr. 

• ~ & job pIicement asslsta'la In acMrUsing. 
de$91. capy. production, sales, marIIetlnIJ or 
publicity. Now enrolling br ~ 17. Free caaIog 
459-0,201. IW61 
FREEIII HAlRCUlS "'T "'UREL WON. IF 
INTERESTED CAli 459-9610. 15/161 
ASIO ,., quarter lntemships close FrI. May 17. Stop 

~ our~, Studt. CIT .. 2nd n. ror rYICR 1rio.15/l6/ 
1hefe 15 MI ~ 10 ~ rnedidrlt!. 
~ oII'I!rs MI IrUgrMil/r ~ to 
pMient QIe !Nt .rIows II1ISteIy d bOth 
IeCt1t IOIog( and Itle ~/erMl(lIIlIe"t 
Irarface. carr ~1)I452-843O. 15/20/ 
CiO SEE BlOWEDNESlY.Y THE Surtepc. ~ 22 7 
& 9 pm TIx $I.SO at bOIl oIIb. 151201 
1985 UCSD Semi-FormiII: ~ 24, 9-1 • Shetaron 

~ IsIMld. Hots d'oeMeS, dIndng & IIUic ~ 
I'rIIIaIe DomaIn & 91)( ~ Show. SlO/ei. .1bI 
Ok. rICkets ~ ~mited. so buy)'CUtS tDd¥ 15/161 
HNr oeMl d EngilleeUlg. M. w Ib*e. disaas 
Cl.MIItENr TII!NOS IN !NCiIN!!RING AT UCSD. 
this FrIdiIy, ~ 17Ih. Noon. NNI III.-reo 
Apartm.nu ' Common Loung.. Light 

~AlIoWIcDme. 0uesricJns,IMcw 1nIb, 
CollI 452-lO68. 15/161 
Summer job oilier work In.Jewish reskIent sunwner 
taI\1) In MIIlbu. 10 IoWI!ks d ~ phones. sun 
and SUIf. /foonv'IIo;rd & SaIaIy. c.n scu.t 
SImmons 213 38&-2401.15120/ 
PRE-MEOSI Don't tlOst tlmef Get !hat lief)' 

~t practlGal expe!iellCe required tJr med 
school itpP,Ik:IIIons. HIIIIe rYICR tNn jJSt a tan-
eam4-12 units this summer. ~abounds 
.1tleAC-"DEMIC INTERNSHlPf'ROCiRAM.~ 
now at 406 WC. 15/16/ . 

illll18WIIII 
MIr10IU 35m CiIIIIefii 755 eIearic 1pWria!r 99S 
pioneer an/fm casaecw QI ~ 1355 neg. 459-
1870 pm. 15/161 
W/Bug 1969 SuperO COl dDot. nIdt! & out. VeIv 
retiabIt!. $1200 or bt!St. 58NMM or 274-7791. 
15/20/ 
For SIIt!: FIsher lOOIc2 bIIcIc Int ~, AkaI 5Qc2 

~ ~. Stew: 453-9722. ISl20/ 
Adorable .nmar lUbber ~: cacs. Idnens. 
tJume5. bNrs. pandas. pet9Mns. unICDms, t!tC,I 
CMr 320 deJ91s1 lJR on I1CXI!pads. bf1stun 
erwIcpes. cnedcs, ClUb! statlone(y, sddcers etc.r 
CirNt gilt klNI Fn!e Gltalogl Send SAs'E.I.191 to: 
Critler CoR Cenfer. P.O. b 77. SoIIna~"'. CA 
92075. 1tv'6/ 
RoadsUr blc:yc~-bladl: 25" mens hIM, 
strongIlght aanks, blaejdlUff\ rack. suntour 
derailleur S60 Greg 453-3264. 15/20/ 

M ... ge .... at 
Opportaaitiea 

Immediale openings for general, 
technical and aviatiol) management 
positionl as officers in the Navy, 
College Seniors or !J'ada, age 19·28 
ueking early raponlibility should 
apply. All majors COnliderad. no 
experience necellary . Equal 
opportunity employer, starting 
ulary $20,000, $36.000 after four' 
years. 30 clays vacation first year. 
outstanding benefits pkg. 

C.utoD&. 
1 ..... 222-6289 

MOD-Wed, 8 ... -4 p .. 

For sale: Oueen-ilze bed lmattress. box spring. 
,....,.,. cal KM1 at 45:J.621O. Vef'j good 
(o1I(.'ol1.ISl161 
PIGr5 & PIGLETS br saIef tiood peU-good me • . 
Corua 4)607993.151161 
.JInsen ~/Z', 75.1111att spNkers. Cost SilO. selling 
tJr 570. Ne\iIer used. Also, Dunlap tennis I3CqOet, 
S35. c.r~. 566-7273. ~~. 15/161 
I'brtIbIe ~, Nee 8201, and Epson printer. 
IdNI IIor CIkIng dais noces and writing 1MPefS . 

~ pIOgIa •• MId a phone modem 100. S600 
QII canote • GuadIM1 • 452-6580 or home 

_~ 454-2917. 15281 
HI' 331: ScIendftc cXulator w/ case, adipter, 
owner and P'O!P'M'IIIIng rYIIflUiI. $25 Greg 453-
3264·15120/ 
2 PhIl Collins tickets .br Sunday, ~ 2. at IMIle 
M9cbws. Good seats. S30 apIea or best PINst! 
call Val • 450-9192. 151201 
3'a WOoden ctaI'IIng table. Surface angIt! 
~andfolds..., &storq. S30Cireg453-
3264. 151201 
AM/FM c.assetIe SIeleO with turr1taI*. 01Np 
tur1tS br summer SSO CiaIy 452-8430. 15/161 
Nordca sid bool girt ~. Your ctlcJjer of 
model, 1ft. and color. 5200 or best. call 755-6594. 
IW6I 
FOR WE: c.lculator HP34C with dlMger and 
oorumenr.clon; ~ FlOO I3Ibon IIicHlze 
tennis radcet-MAlC£ ME AN OFFER.. Gall 
Ciulslain 455-9851 / ~. 354. /5/281 
O'nelis bocWloIIe spring suit. Men's medium. Ex-
cond: S40 or 1It!st. Cal fung 569-1593 eIIe. /51161 
~ II.; 64K; 80 ~rm display; ~1IeI pri/ll2r (Met green IIIDI'lIIOr III; SSOO disIc driYe; Epson 

~/T pmrer, ~ used; ¥tern S-r. 
~ II, ~ with Epson IINtun!s; 
Vlsic.alc; IDdcsmIth. ~ needed for IMJI'd 
proa!SWlg and ~aej sheets. ~ paddles. 
stand, mise P'O!P'ams. ~ rnar.- 30 
disIcettes Inc .. All good COIIdtiOI L SI.OOO. SNn 450-
3093, 452-6580. ISl28/ 
~~d 41CV with rect\IrgeabIe bIlteIy 
p** MId all manuals. $170 or IIt!st ~. carr 
e\lenings. 455-5839. ISlI6I 
For pre-meds: 4 yn d notes, oIdeuns from UCSf-
bound senior. Fn!e 10 good home. Call 454-7283. 
1S116J 
NNmn camera-Nikkormat EL with SOmm NIIcIcor 
IlL lens. ThIs CMIIm is In ~ condition wIIt1 a 
ilia blade 1104' flnjsh. ·$179 Gall KI!vin or INIIt! 
message Ii 455-9710. 151201 
TNI'S for !'eMS. ~ bles. FriY1ldt!. ~ 
1k.I«at, SWo C¥a. 0Iaka ICM1. Pat Metheny & 
rYlCRI Great seats Dti1g. S20. carr ~1tt14)60 
8041, keep Dying or INIIt! message. MentJon UCSO 
br SUldent discount. 15/16/ 

kllOllllll1 
01U«.ft needed 2-1/2 d¥ per MIlle. ~home. 
755-6833. 1$/20/ • 
IIVIntI!d: used sIcaIIIbQad. 5Eudent !Ired d 

~ Q/I se- M1)'IHne. 481-9683. 15/201 
WIrUd: Tilented peope to write or lIIusIralr for 
ft CiuadUn. car,- 452-6580. IW6/ 
Modets needed IIor fasNon show In ~ Jolla. 
CDntiuous worIc " pidIed. Send .-ry pRlCo MId 
phone ASH 10: III'\BIItIC"S 5666 Ui.i)la BM:I., Su~ 
128, ~ .JoIII. ca. 92037. 15120/ 
SUMMER CAN#' ICEYSTNF-lI\oW1IIed br resident 
Jewish ~ In Malibu. Counselors. songIeIders. 
waterI\'or1t spedaIIst 121 yn. of age/WSI required~ 
and seaNries. ~ & Salary. It 1teleStl!d7 
CCII1tiiCt SutMt SImmons. Director 1213/388-2401. 
15120/. 

. Do you haIIe MI endo5ed area Jgr a dog7 Need 
home for collie/maIarilJte til lair ..\Int. You lil!ed-f 
do '"' Icleaning. prcMdIng Ibod, etc.l. S 

~. or ... 7 Call MldlIeI 272-6004, 
15/16/ 
Student \o\8lted 10 ~ MI infant two 
iItemoons .. weeIc andSOll'll! -*9. ca. DeotJie 
• 275-6555. 15/161 • 
ChIld ~ needed br our aged 4-1/2 MId 2·1/2 
Y". old IJ<¥. F.mty In Leucadia will pay 
transportation time lor (01,. slUdenls IM10 haIIe 
their own eM. ~~ Gall Dr. Harris 944-7701. 
15/161 
.-.an. ThIrd Col/eot! Studentsl AppHcations now 
tieing accepted br faculty/student interaction. 
-"PPIY in tne DeMl's ()fib. ISlI6/ 

~ two dr~ to south MaI)IIIJIld. Nt ecpenses 
paid. References Il!qUired. 583-3201 or 286-4370. 
15/28/ 

Solana Beach Construction and Cabinet 
MIiIlJlaauring COIT1*lY needs energetic person 
ID ~ all phases r:A oilier L1SIcs. ~on wtlo 
enJc¥ responsibility and can dloosc! dlr«tions. 
canplllly Is growing r~dIy and ttls Is an eccellent 
opportunity 10 enter and CDI1triI:Jutt! 10 ttls 

~11ef.t lYPiEacrourcing ICD""""terl ~ 
Ihe sIdIIs required. (onmeJlSUfatt! to skills 
MId experlence 755-25 2. 15/16) 

AflpIIcations now avallabll! lor 2 RI!IIeIII! resident 
Intern positions. IIIe will be hiring an educational 
prcqarnrntr MId a coIfeehouse rnINgef'. Rt!ferrals 
• Student Ef11JIc¥nent Into 452-3025. DeadHnt 

~21. 15/161 
Now hiring 2 Revel .. rl!Sident Interns. eduationaI 
~":,' MId (O~ housI!l'I\IJIIager. RelMaIs 
• Employment lM1tiI ~ 21. Injb, 452-
3025: 15/161 

Tl!ursday, May 16. 1985 II 

PROFESSIONl'll TYPINO iIIIailable through 
I<INlCO'S COPIES, corM!nil!l1l!y Ioc.1tt!d in Ihe 

R~hs/SN<)n s/qJpino center. 24 hour se!Vler 
ill/ailable. ReasonalJll!. Call 457·3775 (or dl!tails. 
15/16/ 
Top Drawer Secretarial rl!pOru, r!!SURIeS. 
Manusalpts. StudI!I1t ratI!S. Word prOCl!SSing. 

~ 481-4160. IW6I 
lYPING/\II'ORD PROCfSSING: rM'1Y typI! styles 
ID ct1cxR fiom. spelling and punctuation errors 
correct.I!d. pick-uP MId deIiIIery, quality IMlrlc. 
FASnll S2/page IdtibI. spacI!d). Call Int~ 
AMero ~ at 452-9949. /tv'6/ 
IIIORO PROCESSlNCi: Marry l}1)eStyIes. ro4f' 
draf'ts. spelling chl!dced. SI.SO/pg 273-5038. 
i5/201 

SorrI!fltD VaIII!y graphic arts firm needs oIIiCl! 
derk/deliliery drille' with own eM. CUiI!s Indude 
redinicaI proofrl!adir1g. light typing. fiNng. pnonts 
MId deIIII'eriI!s with somt dient i/1tI!raction. 

Cir~cs background Of major hqlful. good 
opponunIty 10 leam atIOtJt proOOction art and 
printing. Part/time permanent. Start at 

S4 .5O/hour,~I-Spm. ContactNancyorValat Radcet SIringir1g and ~-1Dw prices, 24-hr. 
455-1292 15/20/ seMc;e. Cau ~ at 458-9269. 151161 

~ii1Mi IIIII nMiR!ll 
III.ad: Ape or house In U. U<ity 0( Del Mar to 
rent tJr 2 weeIcs In ITi6-AJne rtd/or lair July ~ 
responsible CDUpIe. phonr .JIJI1 452-0647. 15/23/ 
A!maIe IbormIatr wanted: 5UfmIeI' & nect tal'" 
Near CIJI11lUS. 0Wfl room. pool, jaaazi. call Pam 
457-5176. 15/30/ 
,.. Jolla Playhouse needs summer housing: SUblets, 
rentals, ~. AglI!I!I11I!I1tS signed. call carol 
452-6760. IW61 
2 ~ INiIIlted to shin large master bedroom 
and 0IM1 ,." In UlCUI)I condo tlV UCSO !his 
summer. Pool. jacuzzi, 2 car garage, washer. etc. 
245/mo .!4 uOIitiI!5. Call ~ or CIYista at 
457-9607 I!III!S. 15/28/ 
IIoornrnate to share it room In Genesee ~ 
iln!i. I 50S .. month. Call arry DmI! keep DyIng 450-
0320. 151231 
IIIant }'OUI' own room 7 ItIom br rent near UTe in 
W!l)lnICI!,1um COndo. Pool. laundry. 340 mo. 455-
IS75. 15116/ 
lllned-peOpIe to rent nNi Ucondo; furmtled, 
(fee H90, ~R, "NiiSher/dryI!r. pool, jacuzzi, 
S272/penon lincludes utlIjpes~ Gal)! at 457· 
0601 IJllYtlme; condo oJYIiIabIe rrom 6/16-9/16. 
15/161 
IIoornrnate warnd. female non-smoIcer 10 shan! 
room tJr summer IWI5-9/611Mth iiIIid scuba dII!I!r 
In Mira Mesa. Jaa.tzzi. pool. amIs court S200/mo 

. +1/3 utJIItles. ca. JD. at 586-0452. 15/16/ 
Jb?m t)r rent: in briJndl1l!'N ~ Jolla C~CDI1do. 
EYerythir1g nNi, dI!... Must SI!I!I call eIIe 453-
8939. 15/201 
IIIarced-fem, nonsmoIdng roonmate 10 share 
IIIISter bedroom S255/mo or haIIe own sIngII! 
room S295/mo • \4 utiI. IJra1d rJIMI. spadous, 
luxurious condo at La JoIa CcIIcnJ; 1NiISher. dryef, 
mICro, 2 pools • spas. For mltsummer &/orKhool 
11!111 q 5 rms. to UCSD cat/ Sheri 453-1262, 
Beth 4~7316. Chrisdna 453-9797. 151231 
IbJm to rent In lJmshed MItgIII! condo. 
.....".". June 16 anct IntD Ihe school 181. Sl75 
each. mo. to mo. Cal 458-9001. 15/30/ 
4 penon k.llcu),CDr'IQ:) IYM UCSO IIor felt. Summer 
IeISI! w/ne« yr. option. stoso mo., unUn .. sec. 
dep. Neat. I1I!'N pIKe w/pooIjKuuI, rniaowaIIe, 

~. patio. carr 4~9104. 15/20/ 
SummI!r in 1IefIceIey. Couple SI!eIcs SO housing 6/15 
It1ru Aug. ()Ifw 8erk. tlomt! in eJICh.1415/549-114 3. 
15/161 

1)pIng: 18M/rush ,)c:JWedtin!;VfiiSl professional 
ft!SU/U. 453-0656 or 296-7333 SharI. W6/ 
IIIORO PROCESSING: Fast SI!I1Ik:I!. 51. SO/page. I 
pidcup & dellYI!r. Arq. Laurt!l'lcr 279-fI056.1W6j 
LOOKING FOR '" SL.MMER JOB? You'. need the 
riglt resume. Resume seMCl!-452-7471. 15/16/ 

PROFESSI~ lYPINCi. Wofd Processing & Tape 
Tr~. RI!asonabII! ralrS. The Key Word, 
459-58IS. IW61 
Burke Sl!cr.l!tarial-<Juality typingl Spelling' 
correct-Rushjolls specialty/IS yrs. e>q>er. La Jolla 
457-3842. 1W6/ 
TYPiNG/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
l)'Ping needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush jobs 
accepted. 15/301 
Typing: IBM/RUSH JOSS/EDITING/F/\sT, 

Pr~ results/453-0656 or 296--7333 Shari. 
16/61 . 
Star Words Typing & 'M>rd Prcxming. 9580 81<. 
Mtn. Rd. St-6, Studl!nt papers, thesis. 578-4041. 
15/16) 
TYPING: Fast, I!xJ)t!rlencl!d. proofing. tOOl 
S1.SO/p!!. Ri!Yae-453-'1067. /5/161 
Sell)' a'ld sleek summer ~ and face wax. 2O'Ib oft 
manicure anct pedicure 25% oft. Ne. campus. 
457-2003. /5/23/ 

New Editor-In-Chief: What's a 2~yHabIe sexual 
INOI'd that you get from puI1lIing air for IIvI! 
mlnutes7 CONGRATUu\TlONSI From the 

PU~'gang wtlo willl1l!lll!r forget your most 
embirrassing rnomer1t 15/161 
DR. FREII--£IT -If I TY"'WI'\F, do I get free medical 
seIlIices7 'itJun truly, 8ubtlles. /5/16/ 
Yes, you do. /5/161 
Jack Barlow Verbiov: WhI!re are you? f ho1\ll!ll 't 
heard from you in WI!I!ks a'ld months. \'bur 
Chinagirl. 15/16/ 
POll SCf "12. " take me in your rliIIIY totl!; SiNV up 
your pants Itle day)'OU tripped, arousIng II /5/161 
Genii! at Hookahs wants 2 thank her frenz@3rd4 
!)YIng her smoke of lite, she 11M u "'/Ina & JaneII. 
15/16/ 
THE SURF MOVIE of the 70'sll 81G WEOIJESaoo.Y 
INiII be ~hown ~ 22. TIx at box offiCI!. 15/201 
To DSP f'II!dgI! Chris: My apologies if I made )'OUr 
I!\lerling a bit less pleasant. Ja'lI! m I OWl! )'OU a 
fM:x . .hY1. /5/161 
CliIIIe M. lt's really keen, you'rejust 19; I'd like 10 be 
)OW sr-. Siiy no rTIIn. Oi1I.oe, you're not 
pregw!t. are you? ~~ Birthday. 15/16/ 
Boo-Ib>-Somerimes it isn't easy, but it's aIwi¥ 
IIIoOrtn it IIoIIeYOU and I'm so \/elY gralrflJl that)'OU 
are my IIt!st triend. Thanks. lDIIe. Isaiah. 15/161 

~ PWtpin-;HeIen Yangl \III! all hopeyou two ~ 
gre. 8-Oay ceIebrationsl ~ /o\II! your '..-.011 
sis's·15/16I 
To DSP Pledge Chuckles: my sincerest thanks lor 
)OW generosity and IXlderstalding. IIII!xt round Is 
on me. Juan. 15/161 
1nsura'lCr Wart We'lI beCK arry price or WI! Q:)n't 
want yaJt business. ndcets, accidents. sports carl, 
good driller/student discounts: all welcome. Call 
-.1135. ~t UCSO Plan. 15116/ 
J\SIO tall quarter internships dose Fri. May 17. SIqI 
tlV our de. Stuci CIT. 2nd II. for men info. ISlI6l 
Janel you're stili it person, you maaer dt!spiIe tne 
ir6Jer1cI! of Itle Genie. He!' arms r bedconng u. 
151161 
Hey U~ did u he. about Ihe Panhelll!ric 
ItOIIe)ibaII tClU/l'll!)' .AInI! 27 L«s get more info May 
22-29 on ft Ptiila. Now all we need is 2 IIIIe 
bodied partnerslllVilll:h this spar br more deals. 
loY Traer. 15120/ 
Hey Sigma Kappas. see you ~ at 6:30 CK Ihe 
brain tJr our SprirIg Get "'~. 15/16/ 
To 0- Miirdlik. Itle coolest big bro a pledge 
could haIIe. ~ llirttldayll From super P!I!d!Je, 
aka J.l. /5/161 
Did you hear about all tne bibes In SIG 
WEONESD.A.Y1 I'm not goma miss an that aaion 
May 22. 151201 
1985 UCSO Semi-FormaI; 5/24 Sheraton Harbor 
Island. SIO/ea. It1ru 5/17. TIx ltd; buy yours IOdayI 
15/16/ 
.-.an. Third COIIeQe studentsl -"PPIications now 
being accepted & tawlty/studl!nt intI!raction. 
-"PPIY In tne Dean's OffiCI!. /51161 

Lost: Two k¥ on plain key ring 5/Sln 0( bI!tWi!en 
~terson no and MOM. If found please call 453-
8217. 15/201 . 
Found: ~I)I ~ woman's watch found at the 
fountain. call to identity Guislain 455-9851. 15/231 
Lost: Hf'I4 IC on Muir campus 15/131 . .Reward, no 
questions. call Jeff Stong 452-7456 eIIeS . 15/231 
IDS[. Men's S" gold 'tJracell!r. Sentimental value. 
421-6008. KI!ep tr)'ing. 15/201 
IDst Keys. S20 reward. 1.1rge Mazda and can 
openers. Sentiment valUl!. call 27(}8763. AsIc lor 
Crillg. /5/201 
Subsuntial r!!Ward tlr Oce .. 1d Ilartner missing 
5/5IS5 from Pub front. No questions askl!d. 453-
7244. 15/201 



BUDMAN'S 
SOFTBALL 
REPORT 

The fir t Item on the agenda deal 
With the dreJded Illegal player, When 
u orne to Illegal plJyer rhe 1M t.lff l 
hke the Boruer P.ltroll oking for IlIeg.11 
.Ihens The e gu's how no mere}, I 
suggesl you te,lm lapt,lIn ger nd of 
}'our Illegal plaYl'rs hefore rhe 1M l.Irs 
gl'l rlU 01 YOUI IC.lm peaklllg of 
IlIcgal plJ\'er, (herc IS nothtng lower, 
ex Cpt salmoncll,11Il Ethll1pl,1 than the 
IlIeg,11 pl.tyrr \\ Ill' pIJ)!> lln IWO (e,lIn~ 
,IIlU d"l',n t It'l l'lther (e,ltn knl \\ 11 
L,lUgh( he dh4u.lltftl" h')lh tC.1Il1'>, 
ThJt S ~l) p"l'rk II h" .Ire UI1.l\\'.lrl' ,II 
hlo;"llIl'g,lllII \\h,' ~ullcr nel:.llhl' "I h" 
'l'lIhh nlllll\l'. \\'h.\I scum'" 

Big g.IITIl" "I the \\l'd; htllh Ie,HUrl' 
l'ur lll1-,.lInpu, Jl Inn k,lglll'~ 'I hc 
\lulr [)llrm I.l',lgue, Ilg g,II11l' Il':lIurl''i 
(he ,1\l"P"lrl pll\\l'rhl'Lhl' ,II1U :; 2·r,II,'d 
()llrmhU'ICL \' Ih,' Ilm -hudg"1 

unundl,g t:'j-ratcd '<;,h.ldll'l' 
\\'l'chndl'r" l)\Cr In the \\ ,lrrl'll 
Ar.trtmcnt Ll',lgue lIhought l)1 .l:> J 
dmm IC,I'lIl' bur rrall} Ihe\ ,Ir,' 
.lpJrrmcnt rl'~l'tnhhng Beirut), I( I!> the 
l11e.lt-caltng 'I3-rated 'C.lu.l\'er 
c.1).:kt.l1ll'~ \'S thl' lWCrT.lIl'U # I tC,lm 
Bl1ston 

Hlghl's( ,wnngrl'.lIn It1 Ihl' 1:--1 \\uh 
,I st.lggcrlng lLN rulh In fl\(' game~ I~ 
Ih!.' COl'U "Ltlltl.' ~ of the hrlu . I guc S 
\'OU guy~ Jnu g.lls h.lVL' heen penumg 

Il'~~ tlml' b.trhel'ulng thJn 
pr.lltll'mg 

Gllltl Glo\L' 1!.',1111 :\w.lrtl goe~ III thc 
-'l.lILtru ~kn: 1 he~e guys pby su,h 
glllld ddl'n,l' Ih,\( nll one hJ., lorl.'d ,I 
run 011 I hl'm Lntcnng Ihc '>I,th wel'k 
nl plJ)' u\ ptl'tt~ ul1hclle\ .lhll' nll nnl' 
h.h ~lOrl'J lIn (hem But tRl'n Jg.lln It' 
h,lrd 10 hl'lll'\'l' (hJI , duc to 
Ie l'hl'uullng. ll\rr-thl'-llne 
tournatnl'nt" \\,)ml'n\ mlen:olle'I.1IC 
,,)!thall g.lml'" ,lilt! fiool htKke) 
tourn.lInl'nts .It L C 'I.\I1t.\ B.lrl1.lr.1 the 
-~I,tlbrd ~kn '11.In' \l'1 III plJ)' .1 gam!.' 
YOU .... \I1 In,' ,,,,'rcd on tI \ llU ,1.1\ .m .1\ 
Inll11 (hl' dl,II11l1l1 I ,. 

1\1 ll'lllld,-.1 Ill'\\ rl'l'llrd \\ ,I' ",t 
111r Ihl' I. ngl"( g.lll1!.' pLIYl'd ,It t.: "/) 
1he g.lllll' h"(\\l'l'll Lrtnl' Il'st 
Rl'4Llllni ,lI1dl rtplc' 1'1.l~ [)rl'.It!,· 
'I.ml'd III 5 Llll I.ht ",lturd,l\ ,Iftcrnlllln 
h\'ll h"ur, 1,1Il'!, tn Ihc h,;tllllll "I Ihl' 
121h II1ntng \\',IIl~' I.l'.1[: .,m,led m 
Ch,lrllL' 'Il" II) III l'l1d tl1l' Illngl'.,l g,1I11l' 
tn Intramur,ll "'llth.tll hlSlllt\ 

Olu""t 1("lIn 111 I:--b L:d hlamllnd., 
,1Ild I..trr\ B.Hrl'II" ~h.llI1nlLk," 
AIl'rJgc ,lie N .II1U hl,lulllg . 

Be,I 11.IIllC 111 I\b Drunb t\g,lIn~1 
MAn[) 'l11thl'r, 

l'<I~"hk gte.1t m,1Ilh-up" Rl'lI.11 
Rll"cbud, \ s Butt "'t,ltl', I'uklll Dl1g, \', 
~)l.lrI .md 1I,lrI, "'lhl.lgl'r Der\\lllhe \', 
\Ile (ilrb Frnm 1:.1'>[ Ikrhn , \\'h,llk 
AU.lLk v., I-tghl Jak, .tnt! A ~UIrI; 
Anlllll,tI In Sl' III 111,1 III rs \~ "llua 
In lticr, 'Illur M.lIna \'~ . 'X>n., 01 D.ld." 
Wee, uk t', I\Cl'P It Lb.lIl'd, "'Ill"hcd 
..,Iugger,> v, Plnppel Plopper I 122 I 12: 

Softball Playoff Infonnation 
JL!'>I Itk" h,l} kn'l , "ollh,tll pl.IY,'1I' 

Il'\ ,'I I" 10 till' .111 \\'l' ,m' IIll\\ l'lHl'rtng 
thl' d,'g t!,IY" 01 \t,11' 1 h.1I 1111'.lIlS II ~ 
(,I1SI 11 llmc Oil till' llid dl.II1111l1d 
I'I,I) oil h,'nlh ,Ill' Oil Ihl' ItIIC 
. I hl pl.l}'III~ ~Ijrt "lIlld,l) , JUlie 2 

11tL' tor It.llf llll',ll h k.lglll' qU,lltI"" I, II 
lltl ( Z,II, 1"111 11,1111 L' 11 I l ~u,t1h 111.11 
II1t"1I1S 11ll' 101' IOLlI 11Il1':iIlL'r IIi l"l,h 
Il· .. lgue 

11t~ (1lt'd t\ k-,I~Ol'~ \\ III dl\ Ill,' ,II 
pl,l) ot! lII'll' Into 1\\ tl dtlk"'''1 
dll'ISIOII ,-tll'(j \ .1I1d ( lll'd'\ I h" 
1\llIl'\'('11 UJl lll11p '1IIIllll .1I1t1,lllll" Ihl' 
pl.lYlIlls 10 !till h 1ll'1"fl' 1111d· LlIllIllLT 
~lIltl' rhl'll' .lll so IT1.lny·Llll'd A IC~lIlh 

I hl' 1.1 ( tillllg III nml' h tll.1t (,'.IIIT' 
\\111 hc pla~'lng llPP!l~lIlg Il\ll11" Iro11l 
leagul's III dllll'n'llI tll11l' ... I(ll~ it I' 
Il11port.lnt hI rl',tll::l' [h,1I 111 .tli 
prohahtluy rllu Will nIl! pl,l) dUring 
ynur normalllllle .,ILlIs In mhl'r wlmh 
,I Monu.l} (l'JIll tnJy play .1 ~Ul1d,l) 
tcam on .1 Wcdne.,day 

Cood IUlk III .111111 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU!! 
Budman's Softball Ratings 5/ 12 

MEN 'S AM 
1 Profo,lIhletl 's 5-0 
2 Benn.m's Boy -t -O 
3 Pink :'(ee\ 3-0 
-t M.lllJru Men 2-0 
5 Bru(.11 PuPP}'uog~ 3-2 
6, BotTos 3-2 
7, Rect.lmutll' 1 -1 
8. WIld B.ltS _-3 
9 One LIst Bone 2-3 

10, _hdll1g Dr.tnos 2.3 
MEN 'S AA 

I VI\.I Cerw::a 5-0 
2 B.lgs 'j-O 
3 :-'teu Att.ll'k - -0 
-t eIght Jerk A ";'qUll1 5-l' 
'j '\0 PI.Il'c Llkl' HOlllc -t-O 
tl (hce"l'r~~ S-l' 
7 l)r.1 ~ l)rl',h -t-I 
/'! "\\'ll1gcr, -t·1 
q \\'tl' ';uk -t . i 

i{l R,lgll1g B,lh,l\lIb -t-I 
"-IE. '~ 

i \t.lgIl lurlll ) II 
1 1.IAAlIl~ Illdll'\(llr~ )-ll 
3 I III lhc [),It.:~ 1.111 )-ll 
-t , Illl' l',lPC' \ hlg )-0 
:) hlrgl't Bill, \tMtln -t·l) 
b "hl''s (,O( II Wc \\ ,\Ill It -t-l\ 
-; 'xln, 01 f),IU, -t-l) 

'll1l' B.Il~ , I B.llb -t-O 
L} (rl'wh.llb -t-I 

lL1 Tn plc P:,) Drl'.lll -I 
COED AM 

T c.lln 1 mOil 4-0 
2 Comh.lt 5-0 
3 Tl'.ltn Bo:-o -t - [ 
-t B.lu Knee -t-I 
5 Mdl.ll Kltb -t-I 

• b c..omll1g Home -I 
7 r1)'lI1g fangs -t-I 
H hemll.11 Dl'pcl1ucntS 3-2 
L} Gld 'er COl', Tn lltnh.lh\\l' 2-2 

10, l'ourth Worlu 2-2 
COED AA 

1 
2 Ltllte L)I Thc helu 

\\;\.\IP 5-0 
5-0 
5-0 
5-0 

3 kDonJlu\ Llrln fc.lm 
-t 1 he Preps (,ll ,",Id 
) II " .. \ll\\ Or \l'\ l'r 
b :;tlLkl'm B.tll, 
I PhiS lhlgh, 
d ~hcl'p ~k lIggl'I'> 
4 HII Bllh 

III (,- \\ all~ 
COED 

i "'11111 
2 1;,I\'OIU,' Rllnmlc, 
3 I Ill' :,\\ I ngl'r~ 

. -t, Mtlul i)lldgl'r, 
i , RIC,l 
tl C.dett.1 I hh 
7 L"t Ilurr.lh 

"ltppl'l'\ ..,ltder, 
y .\tUSltl' L<XI 

Ill, Ikll Do\'l'r 
COED - DOR 1 

Ikhttlll 
2 Dormbustl'!' 
3 I hl' CllUml\ (, luh 
-+ I he l. .ld.l\l'r·l.lllkt.lIll'r~ 
') "'l.h.lellcr Wl'l'kl'ndL'r~ 
b Ap.lrtllll'1lI Ilu!>tcr~ 
7 RA\s I., On 1 he I. 111 l' 
K I' &:.., (,Ion', 
y \ ItI.1 Blue ... [ 'rtnl' ".lIllrk 

ill I)llll I \\ ,II" 
WOM[ 

1)"'1 rn'r 1l.11ll1 
2 II} II1g I, .1Il).\., 
1 ell I III I \\'Ind 
-j Ih, L .11, \ll' ll.l,k 

Racquetball Toum y 

5-0 
5·0 
-t oll 
3-d 
5-L) 
'j·l) 

3-2 
3-2 
1-2 
3-2 
3-2 
3-2 
3-2 
3-2 
2-2 
2·2 

-t-O 
3 l) 
-t ·0 
5·0 
l-ll 
~-l 
3-1 
-t·1 
2- 1 
2- i 

-+ I) 
1 i 
1 I 
l·1 

1 h .11 r l I " , ' " t h l 
Inlr.III1U1.d Dq).lrtllll'lll wtli Ill' 
'POlhortl1' ,I Il(lllbk, R''-411l'rh.tll 
1 ,1urn,IUlel1l (omp"1 ill, III ',\ III hl' Iwld 
III \kll., \\ qlll!.'I1'" ,ll1ti l.'1L'd 
nil hil'I " L" h dl\ bllll1 II til Ill' 
dllldl,t! 11110 .111 ,\ (l'\p"I'Il'nll'l1 
pl.IY".,) ,lilt! .t II (1I11" lllll'lh,ul' llr 
hl'glllnlll' pl'l ,' I s) hr.1l kl'l I hl' 
Inurnl'} \\'111 Ill' held ll<l\\ n .n 11UI 
hl'.lutlllll Ill'\\ LIII}"l1Ill'\\ Rl'Lrl'allOIl 
( l ntl'r If }\IU h,l\l' IlCI'l'r ~l'l'll 
(.IIl)Om !L'W, llI.1kl' ,I plllnlllll'l1ll'rlng 
llUI Inurnl'y 

CllIllP"'III1"lll \\ til IX' held '),lIurd,I)" 
,lilt! till' l'llI!)' let' h tll1L: l,1I1 01 
\.1L4Ul:th.11I., "'lgll'Up~ .1Il no" hl',ng 
1.lkt'n ,II l'ltilL'r Ihl' ("ll1}'lln\'ll'\\ 1',101 
.IIlU R.IL4Ul'(hJII Ct'l1ll'1' llr Ihl' 
( 'om !L'\\ AUllllnl 

Ultimate Disc Spins Into Play-offs 
Here we go agall1.. , It 'S time for another magical whirl through Ultimate Land , 

wurtesy of your truly, the Not Read Fell Pnme Time FrJ.\hec Flrckers of the 
University of California at San Diego, 

"Yes, folk , you've been watching these cr.lzies all quarter long flipping the disc all 
over the Warren East cowpasture, But now, right here on our stage, we 're ready to 
showcase the very best that UCSD has (0 offer, 

It's play-o il time ", good 01' play-ofr. " the ultimate (if you pardon the 
expre slOn) te t of skill, stamma, courage and ye -hutterfingers! ' 

Iwnate Disc ha fin<llly entrenched Itself In the 1M ma.!"!'>tream and is now 
read} to hlossom Into full regalia, It may not rival pring ofthall for tradition and 
e.Tltement, hut to the wacky wonderful th.tt pl.ty it each week , it's their slice of 
hcaven , 

Fre h from .1 Ih'c-week tour around the le..tgue , our newe t uper SP}', THE 
B OW t-.1AN , h,15 fin.tlly gr.lCed u with her in -depth rerort on who's gOing to 
Ilmg who and where tn rhe hamplon hIPS, 

B DWOMAN' FANTASY PREVIEW OF THE ULTIMATE DISC PLAYOFFS 
MEN' AA 
0,I,\1unk} Btl\' (3-2) 

emit.\( Arrl'st t 4- () 
B,lh) DOlS 15-0) 
Lo B ):0" (4- i) 

elence's La [ ' wnd (3-2) 
UIIlI &: The nicker (3-1) 

MEN' A 
1ur.lk.lml· Kamakazls (5-0) 

LI M.lchme (5-0) 
Drivc It In (3-2) 

LI t hanee (3-2) 

kVI11.1 tl'r (3-0) 
SWAMP (3-2) 

Odds 
2-1 

'5-2 

5-1 
to-I 

15-L 
40-1 

Odds 
5-2 

5-2 
6-1 

10-1 

20-1 
500-1 

Comments 
t-.lnnkeyeu .lrDund III (he regular season 
nnw re.lu) to gl) .lpC 
It \\,,15 Amhul.tncc Tune when they .klst 
pl.l} cu f).1 ~lun ky Boys l'lluld 'iurpnse 
hllltng f.bt call .I uoum for thesc guys 
II the lml ' h.lu more !emale pia 'ers on 
their te,lm 
Rememher eu ter) Thl'i Will he wor e l 
No nick, , no c igar thl time .1rl1und 

Comments 
Have a ,.Ie.lm Wish to destruct m the 
playoffs 
ThIS mach me IS no la-dl-da entry 
If the}' kept it off the ground more thl team 
would uo well, 
You're nght .thout [hatJetT .. , cc1uld be the 
darkhor ... e 
L.lte entranr Will need to he reckoned with 
What a Joke! 

PICKUP 
A PARTY 

HISBUD:5 
YOU: 

----- -

, 
• 





_ .... 

Editor 
ANOREW KEELER 

Auociate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributina Editon 
ETHAN FEERST, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RO NA HU, 

JAMes RA!.PH· I'~ 
Staff 

MIKE "HN, RODDY 
BL'<..i,,\WA, ANDR EA 

HARMON, KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC,JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CAR L STATER, 

ROGER STEPHEN ON 

Editorial: 4S2-6S8O 
Adverrilina: 4S2-3466 

Hiatus is published every 
Thursday 'Of the acadcmic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or usc withou t writtl!n 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicitcd letters, 
manuscripts, and artwork, but 
assu m" no rt'spons lbility lor 
!hI! r.:turn of such. ScnJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, L.u Jolla, CA. 92093 

Contents · 
Cover: Paul Naton's 
sculpture, f(Updownward~ 
ness" hangs in the stairwell 
at Central Library. For an 
inside look, look inside. See 
page 3. 

Song Power . . , . . .. page 4 
Judy Gorman Jacobs, a 

feminist and peace activist 
from New York brings her 
melodies to Mandeville 
tonight. 

Guadaleanal. . . . . .. page 5 
The latest of Georgia's pop 

bands, Guadalcanal Diary 
rides the crest of their recent 
success into San Diego's Spirit 
Club on Saturday. 

Go-Go's . . . . . . . . . .. page 6 
The Go~Go's are gone gone, 

having split split into two two 
groups, doubling our pleasure. 

Caru80 ••• page 7 
Going8 On •.• page 7 

This Hiatus is dedi~d to Earl Anthon,. 

SAVE OVER 75°16 
ON OUR FRENCH SUNGlASSES 

• SCRATCH RESISTANT . SHAITERPROOF • FLEXIBLE FRAMES 
• VIRTUALLY INDESTRUCTIBLE . COMPARE AT $40.00 

NOW 59.99 
Pacific Eyes High Quality French Sunglasses 

2 outstandi ng high protection lenses to choose from 
• Pola rized. Double gradient & all weather lenses 

Choose from Cat Eye. Wayfarer. French Wayfarer, Square or Face Mask 
WE GUARANTEE THE LOWEST SUNGlASS PRICES 

on at major sunglass bnJnds of allY f'f!l4il stort. 
VIUlnM!1, SIleo. Camra, Ray Ban, SlInc/oud. dc. 

~~ ~')r.e;(itE~ fiJi 
., ,h,' 

Open 7 .-lay, & IlIghls 
Old T aWIl 2'/61 San Diego A~. (ntxl 10 OW Town MeXl£an CaJc) 692-0059 

Encinitas 7'/5 f,rsl 51. (Lumbtryard Shoppmg unter) 911·0337 
La Jolla 1030 romy PI~s Rd. (nexl LO Yogurt AlJalr) 454-8006 

ChuJa VIS&a 11'10 Broadway (PrIer Bazaar) 422-8081 
San Y5idro 727 E. San Ysidro Blwl. (McDonald', Trol!J SIal Ion) 118-1590 

CJain:monl '/675 ClalrtmorJI Dr. (ClairtmorJI Squarr Shopping U nltr) 272-8808 
La Mesa 5500 Grossmanl Center Dr. (Grossman' Shopping unla) 697-6697 

Escondido /321 -H Easl Vallty PIIwy. (EswndJdo VJI/age Mall) 70-6762 
OPENING SOON IN OCEANSIDE 

2 Hiaa.. May 16, 1985 

000000000000000000000000000000000 
o 0 
o 0 o Dear Hiatul 0 
o I hope you guys will print this to correct a small mistake in 0 
o last week's issue. In Suzy Sixteen's review of the Katrina & The 0 
o Waves LP. she inc('ssantiv pl~ed the female element of the 0 
o band. Particularly Kimberley Rew, "guitar heroine." 0 
o Kimberley (former lead guitarist with the Soft Boys) is, and 0 B always has been, a man, One glance at the back of the album B 

sleeve reveals this at a stroke. Also, one of the other guys in the 0 B band who merit only an afterthought in the review, did in fact 0 
o pen two of the LP's better numbers. 0 
o ~u 0 
o Paul Grimshaw 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 B Is this the face of a g 
o former Soft Boy or a 0 
o "guitar heroine." 0 
o With a name like 0 
o Kimberley, what can 0 
o he expect. Hiatus sa,s 0 B "You make the call." g 
o 0 
o 0 
00 Suzi Sixteen Replies: '~S I could we the excuse that I'm roo B 
O )VUng to remember the So t Boys, or that at firS~lana Kimberley 0 o looks no more like a man n I do-ma,be the So t Bo,s were called 0 

that for good reason---bwc that u.ould be wrong. the other hand, 0 
o the t"-O songs that other gu, wrote don't come close to Mr. Rew's 0 B effort. Also, through no fault of '"' own, the Bangles were called 0 
o "the Eagles." (Can)lOU imagine "Going Down to Li~" being 0 
o done by the Eagles! I didn't think so.) 0 
o 0 
000000000000000000000000000000000 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce ( 0 you our 
new and talented hair styllslS. 
Kathy and Ralph Jerri 
Women 512, reg. $25 
Men 510, reg SI9 
Highlighting Spedal &,. Cut $40 
For appoln tmcnI , please call 457 ·2930. 
8950 Villa La Joll a !Jr., Suile (! 120, La Jolla 

, (behm d EI Ton to & Rodeo · direcl ly acrO!;s the ramp) 

KROY LE I I ERING 
Make a great impression. 

o AB 
C 

• Resumes • Reports -letterhead 
- Flyers • Coupons -Forms 
• Newsletters • Graphs • Charts 

kinko·s· 
457-3775 

88S5 VIlla La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & 5cJv..On) 

Central 'has . the 
. . 

art scene wired 
By ROBERT LEONE 

Some thlnp just shock people by 
being there . The Sun God, 
automobile accidents; 1-5, the 
ancient gua rd post on Miramar, 
Central Library, protesters on the 
cluster (or Mandela) Library terrace, 
UCSD itself (you'd neve.: know 
there was a major university within 
wallcinll distance of downtown La 
Jolla unless you went looking for it), 
nude sunbathers and SQ forth and so 
on. They all illustrate the principle 
that we are surprised by what we do 
not expect. 

Paul Naton's sculpture in Central 
Library's stairwell, "Updown-
wardness," is an unexpected delillht 
in a lP'ey concrete cold zone 
unrelieved by paisleys, graffiti or 
(until now) any other signs of human 
life. The sculpture, consisting of a 
number of colored wire shapes 
strung on a wire down the center of 
the stairwell, culminating in a 
spreadeaKie metal figure at the 
bottom, has gained considerable 
acclaim and positive criticism from 
library users, according to Alvina 
Robertson, a Library Administra. 
tion spokesperson. According to 
Ro bertson, the comtnents have been 
so favorable that " we may have it for 
another year." 

Naton, a W arren junior , said the 

sculpture was. a project for a class last 
quarter that was tausht by Ernie 
Silva. Naton said that the sculpture 
would remain in place at least 
thr.ough the art festival this year. 

When asked how he managed to 
. obtain that particular site for his 
sculpture, Naton said that he had to 
fill out forms with both the library 
and Environmental Health and 
Safety, in part because'the stairwell is 
also a fire escape. That was also the 
reason that no components of the 
sculpture are flammable. It took Paul 
!lOme time to complete all the forms 
because the various agencies 
involved demanded detailed plans 
and drawings. The wire shapes were 
completed prior to the sculpture 
being placed, rather than being 
shaped on the site. 

The shapes, some of which 
resemble a human profile, add a 
visual interest to the stairwell of 
Central Library that had previously 
been lacking. Perhaps this is the 
beginning of trend in site-specific 
sculpture that will help beautify 
UCSD. 

Paul already is working on another 
such sculpture, o ne which will use 
the window-vent ilators ("li ttl e 
pyramids") on the north side of 
Mandeville Hall. 

. 

HNew York Style Pizza" O~~ 
-1IfahId,PI·ZZNo~t' 

Free ,Delivery 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Square 

La Jolla, California 

r" - - - -COUPON - - _ .. -
_ . 1 FREE 4-P.k : . 

1 WIth purchase ~ 1 
: of any large pizza 1 587-0700 I ' Coke J 1 

. . 1 Diet Coke On. coupon 1 
. Or Tat. per p Izza 1 HOURS: Mon - Thurs, 5:00 pm . 10:00 pm I . 

Fri - Sat - Sun 5:00 pm to M idnight - - - ~ - - - _ .. _ .. __ I 
UltJpon <XP''''' 6 · 30/85 . 

We accept: Visa, Mastercard, American Express & checks. 

•• tora.te Mario, Italian Cuisine 
Receiue a complimentary % liter of house wine when you enjoy any of 

. our fine seafood or·lta/ian dinner entrees. 

FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 128-
FRONTIERS OF BIOPHYSICS 

u;ill be offered 

FALL, 1985 
. instead of 

SPRING, 1986 
Instructor: Professor M. Montal 

TuTh 10:00·1 1:20 am USB 4060A Code: 6448 
F/S 128 is an introductory course. New exciting areas of 
biophysical research will . be discussed with special 
emphasis on neurobiology. 

• 

Paul Naron 's KUlptUTe, "Vpdownwardness" is on dispkJy in 'a stairwell. 

Family Planntng: 
a, cholce,A responsibility 

oan"4aUal • prof.llionel • affaI'dable 
-1'IlD ~-.t., 
with results wblle you wait 

- Unple.nned pregn&ncyl 
general or local anesthest& 

- Birth control 
- Gynecological U&ID8 
r.m:'I FatiI] PlluuWtg 
..... AssocillUs Maclll GrotIp 

Su~ 
6496 Al9arado lid 
(111)""._ 

Cash in your hand. 
Experience under 
yoarbett. 
Choose from more than 100 temporary 
jobs-office , financial , marketing, sales, light 
industrial, word processing . 
Work with the best comp-mjes in Califo rnia . 
As much or as little as you want. You'U get 
good money, on-the-job experience and a 
re-.li jump o n ttlt job market. All absollllely 
FREE! 
Check the White PageS for our nearl'S t 
o ffice. Then cal.l us today and clsh in on 
Thomas Temporary experience. 

26 Convenient California Locations 
May 16, 1985 H~tw 3 



"HAPPY DAN PERETTIE" 

Live Froln New York' 
Judy Gorman-Jacobs will perform tonight only at UCSD's 

Mandevtlle Audltonum at 8 pm. Judy has been active in peace, 
femtnl -t and labor-organmng eff rt , and -he makes a valuable 
contribution to these causes through her work as a pl'rformer and 
songwri ter . 

Openmg the show will be San Diego's own mUSical talent, 
Deborah Ltv Johnson, who frequently performs her onglnal music at 
places such as The Old Time Cafe and Drowsy Maggie's. All 
procel'ds from the concert .will benefit the UC D Women's 
R~source enter. Tickets are available through Ticketron or the 
UC D Box Office fo r $6 general, $3 UCSD students, or at the door 
(or an addi tional $l . For further information, call 452-2023. 

fOCUS-. 
PlAKTIAL ARTS 

exclusive Graduate Sales Program Director 
-Call 263-6909 for an appolntment- frio, Play 17 7-9 pm ·-Plain Gym 

. 

~ 
Has a spedal gift for upcoming ~ 

~hicles 
Included 
in the Plan. 

You may choose a 
new 1985 Marquis, 
Cougar, Topaz or 
Lynx_ 

·Pre-Approved Credit. 
Just meet three simple . 

conditions: 
• You must have verifiable employ-
ment that begins within 120 days of your 
vehicle purchase at a salary sufficient to cOYer 
ordinary living expenses and your vehicle payment 
• You must have prool that you have graduated or will graduate 
and be awarded at least a bachelors degree within 120 days. 

(~ 

• Your dedit record, if 
you have one, must indi- _ 
calc payment made as 

agreed. 
"$400 Purchase 

Allowance. 
Make your best deaLuse the 

$400 as a down payment or receive a 
S400 check directly Irom Ford after the sale. 

LI NCOLN 

'00 National City'S "Mll£. OF CAllS" - 2+00 National City Blvd. 
Phone: (619) 47+-5502. San Diego Exchange 263-6909 

.. Hiaciu May 16, 1985 

Per/Otmance 

AoiMgI Karate· heIns J .dD • MdcIo 
Till 01 0· ..... t-. 500 Do· ~ ..... 

SIlo .... !Iank· .... IIII .. ru 

Open Meeting 
oftbe 

Academic Senate .. 
Committee on 
faculty Welfare 
T~~NaJ21. 1985 

3:30 to 5:00 p.m. 
l'IandeviUe AudltorlulII 

The purpose of this meeting is to allow 
members 0( the academic community to 
PmJellt their views to the aJIIImittee jIIICI 
the Aademic ScOIk with regard to 

_ .,~ UnioenifIJ 0( CMi~mU 
inuestment poIicg concemlng /frm! 
doing bu.sintl!JS with ad In the 
Repu.blic of South A{rla l1Ic Senate will 

'then coMIcla' a resolution to the Regalts 
01\ this matter at its next m«tlng. 
IncUvic1ua15 who wish to make a 
presentation to the committee should 
get in touch with the Academic SeIIIle 
OftIce (x3640) to .,.,., for a place on tile 
agenda. 

Guadalcanal: Diary of a madband 
. 

By RqBIN seOTI 
A distinctly African cha racter 

permeated the air of the UCLA 
campus last Thursday afternoon. 
The si t-in protest against ApartheiJ 
conttnueJ, a number of students 
were sporting African garb, South-
African Anglican Bishop Desmond 
Tutu spoke to a large audience in the 
gym and Guadalcanal'Diary supplied 
MUSic on the student union patio 
with just enough African tinged 
rhythm to advance the predominat-
ing atmosphere . 

Guadalcanal Diary is Georgia's 
latest rage to blossom in the 
pop/ rock market. This is not to say 
that their sound is entirely 
reminiscent of. regional cousins 
REM, The Swimming Pool ~, or 
label affiliate Love Tractor, although 
some similarities with these' others 
do exist. One feature that sets 
Guadalcanal Diary apart from these 
bands is their eclectic blend of 
cultural styles. Strains of African, 
Jrish and, of course, good old native 
Southern country comprise their 
sound. 

In a recent phone interview, 
drummer John Poe humbly took 
credit for initiating the African 
influence into the band. 

"When I was younger, I got hold 
of a Miriam Makeba record. It was 
an Americanized production of 
African songs. I was really fascinated 
by the album and when I got in this 
band, I played the album for the rest 
of the members, we actually did a 
cover of one of those songs. 

"Of course, African drumming is 
a lot more interesting to me than 
your basic rock stylized drumming. 

From the African jungle to the slwra of Georgia. Guadakanal Diary u making 
a campaign to enlu, 'Urenet'. and maneutoer faN to Ut.e Spirit Club Saturday night. 
Also. there's a lot more imagery to 
dt'aw upon there." . 

The fact that Georgia has recently 
produced a number of inventive acts 
is no small surprise to those who are 
used to importing most of their pop 
music from Europe, or looking to 
New York or Los Angeles for the 
best that this nation has to offer. Poe 
speculated on the sudden focus of 
the music world upon his own 
locality. 

"A lot of it (the industry interest) 
was the responsibility of the B-52s 
who brought so much attention. just 
like the Bearles did for Liverpool. 
They achieved a measure of fame and 

all of a sudden, everybody started 
looking at all the bands from 
Georgia. Then. I guess it was the ones 
who had the most unique sound. 
Right now, everyone's looking for 
the 'Byrds' sound. Since we had the 
Rickenbackers and the harm0nies. 
everybody paid us a whole lot more 
attention than they did some of the 
other bands down there." . 

The band's disparate musical 
influences are not always all . that 
helpful in defining their particular· 
character." Murry Attaway, the 
lyricist, lead singer and rhythm 
guitar player believes that what they 
read hall a greater impact on their 

music than what they listen to . Who 
are some bf the authors that find 
their way mto the musIc? "Flannery 
O'Connor, Bukowski, Ian 
Flemming, to name a few," claims . 
Attaway. 

Certain songs on the band's tirst 
full length album Walkmg m the 
Shadow of the Big Man, carry a 
definite spi ritual qual ity. 'This 
ethereal undertone presents an 
intriguing aspect to a sound that is 
mostly light and energetic. The 
lyrical .content parti c ularly 
demonstrates an interest in religious 
concerns . 

"We really don't attach ourselves 
to any movement-political, 
religious or otherwise," says Poe. 
"We definitely have an awareness. 
We can apPfeciate the mystery of it 
(the human spirit), not necessarily 
the intellectual side of it. It's a 
fascination for us." 

W alJ<ing in the Shadow of the Big 
Man, released on DB records, was 
produced by studio wjzard Don 
Dixon who also produced REM's 
Reckoning . According to Poe, 
working with Dixon was a real joy. 

"I think the record definitely 
sounds like Don Dixon produces 
Guadalcanal Diary. I diink we would 
have sounded a little more harsh or 
sparse (otherwise). He gave us a real 
lush sound." 

The band is currently engaged in a 
21-day, 15 gig tour in support of the 
album which will bring them to San 
Diego's Spirit club this Saturday 
evenihg, May 18. For all you music 
aficionados, the Guadalcanal Diary 
is required reading. For ticket 
information call 276-3993. 

o 
O;;==~====~========~ o 

Q: Who can apply for em editorial position? 
A: Any UCSD student who plans to be around next academic year 
and who has a desire to contribute to and improve the largest 
newspaper on campus. 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
O · 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

A little 
. 

Q&A 
on how to 

Q: What's involved in being an editor? 
A: Section editors find the stories, -find the writers for those stories, 
.and do all lay-outs for their sections. Certain other responsibilities 
come with the job, all of which are very pleasant and which you will 
enjoy ~mmensely (e.g., sweeping the parking lots outside the 
Guardian office and. driving to ' lpvely downtown Encinitas in the 
dead of the night). 
Q: What kind of hours are involved? 
~: Lots. . 
Q: Can you be more specific? . 

• . A: We're talking 25-30 hours a week for most sections. This is 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o §get. In'~ol'~e' d commitment. Big time commitment. We know you go to school. We . T I , T I try that stuff too. But when the thrill of journalism gets under your 

skin, hey, what can you really do about it? o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

as a ~ 
Guardian ~. 

. ' . 

editor:. 

D~~~==~~~~~~ o 

Q: Do you get paid? 
A: Sure. 
Q:Alot? 
A: Hell no. What do you think we are, rich? But you-do get pai~, OK? 
Q: Boy, this' seems like a great dea.l to me, I tell you. What do I do from 
here? . _ . 
A: Glad you asked. Come down to the Guardian by Friday, May 17 
and give us an application for managing editor, copy editor, news 
editor, associate news editor, opinions editor, spons editor. arts 
editor, associate ans editor, perspectives editor, or photo editor. 
Oudine what your relevant experience is and how and what you 
want to contribute to this paper. 

''See there. " 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
5 



Big Belinda during tM Go..Gos Myday 

6 Hiatus May 16, 1985 
\' ') .. 1 I , t V I,M 

The Go-Gos 
• are gOIng, 

going, gone! 
BV SUZI SIXTEEN 

The Ga.-Go's are no mo'. liaving 
already experienced periodic 
member moyement throughout a 
seven-year career, the bitchin but 
bickering band broke up over the 
weekend. 

The G~Go's started outmoreasa 
concept than a real band. Living in a 
condemned apartment bulding near 
Hollywood's legendary Masque 
club, they were infected with the 
classic punk idea that you don 't need 
to have any musical experience to 
form a band-you just pick up an 
instrument and learn by doing. 
(True, Belinda Carlisle did once 
"play" drums for the Germs-shels 
mentioned on their self-destructing 
live opus "Shut Down"- but that's 
no fea t , and Charlotte Caffey was in 
the Eyes, but she played not lead 

guitar but bass, and not very well at 
that. 

One year ago, the Ga.-Go's-who 
also included guitarist Jane Orano 
(later Wiedlin), b ... ist Marpgo 
(nee Olaverrio) lind 'drummer Elissa 
Bello (no cute nickname )-were 
making the awkward tranaition from 
p.unle to pop band, with old tunes 
like "We Shall Overrun" cla'hini 
with the new stuff, much of which 
would end up on their first album. 

By the time they made their San 
Diego debut at downtown'. sorely 
missed Skeleton Club, Eliaaa had 
been replaced by Real Drummer 
Gina Schock. With killer material 
like the never~recorded "London 
Boys" and "Johnny, Are You 
Queer?" (in its great pre-Cotton 
verson), that show may have found . 
the G~Go's at their peak-a brief 
review (to quote the title of a Beach 
Boys live album): "Wow! Great 
Concert!"-back before they knew 
the meaning of the word 
"compromise," when they hoped all 
they'd have to do to make it big wy 
drop a few pounds. 

With ex ·Textone Kathy Valentine 
having replaced the ailing Margo, the 
first album was a diappointment to 
longtime fans, but a lot of kids-girls 

especially-bought it because the 
listless performances couldn't 
completely obscure the great songs. 
(A far, far better album from this 
period is a bootieaed~in~Boston 
recording called simply The Go-G>-s ) 
Then the second album was, of 
course, a disappointine'l)t to almost 
everyone. 

So, the Go,Go', had tore-energize 
themselves for their third and best 
album, Talk Sho.w, but the effort 
took its toll: Jane left the band to 
exercize her freedom of voice-it's 
an open secret that she's a better 
singer than Belinda, although no one 
will say so becauSe Belinda is such a 
nice person and tries very hard. (Of 
course, apart from rock~steady Gina, 
none of the Go-Go's is an 
outstanding musician.) 

Now, the rest of the group is 
splitting itself in two, with Belinda 
and Charlotte going in one direction 
and Kathy and Gina il;1 another. 
(One pairing will be called the Go-, 
the other the Go's). Caught in the 
middJe-or left out in the cold-is 
poor G~o For A Day Jean Brown. 

Things will nev~r be the same, but 
just perhaps, in · the tradition of the 
Doublemint Twins, the new bands 
will offer double the fun. 

.. 

_ Goings on Caruso 
Tonight on the local music 

front is a special appearance of 
legendary blueaman John 
Mayall and the Blueamabn. 
Having been a predominant 
influence and conb'ibutor to the 
blues, Mayall has performed 
with virrually everyone in his 
celebrated field . For those 
interested, he will be making a 
stop at the Belly Up in Solana 
Beach. For ticket information, 
call +81-9022. 

* * * 
On the i"nusic front at Jerry 

"You're so clever with word." 
Herrera's Spirit club is Umbo 
Slam, our very own band of 
tropical seasoninp, on Friday 
night along with 10 Yarda and 
the Lap Of Luzury. Other 
shows of interest include 
Saturday's billing of Watuai 
Rodeo and GuadacanaI Diary 
from none other than Athena, 
Georgia, home of etc., etc. For 
ticket information, call 276-
3993. 

* * * Don't miss Joan Anaatnd-
i .. at the Spreckles Theatre on 
May 20. Now with more albums 
to her name than the finsers on 
your hands, Armattading hu 
time after time shown she can 
write music to c~ with 
anyone from album to album, 
not just three! Opening the show 
will be Cook-Da-Boob. For 

more ticket information, call 
232..oaoo. 

* * * Tonight, the last Erich von 
Sttoheim film to be presented as 
part of the La Jolla Museum's 
evening film series is The Man 
You Love To Hate, a 90tninute 
silent documentary on the life of 
ICreen director Stroheim. For 
more information, call 454-
3541. As this concludes the 
series of films of Erich von 
Sttoheim, the films of Chantal 
Ackerman begin Wednesday 
with La Rendetww D' Anna. 

* * * Opening Friday at the San 
Diego Repertory Theatre is the 
"wild, woolly, and wonderful 
farce about sexual confusion," 
Cloud Nine. Not only is Cloud 
Nine a veritable playbook on the 
modern history of sexual 
stereotypes, but it is also a triple 
Obie Award winner. For more 
information, call 231-3586. 

* * * On May 22, the UCSD 

calendar for this week includes a 
free classical guitar recital with 
Lisa Smith performing works by 
Milan, Narvarez and others on 
Friday night at 8 pm in 
Mandeville 8210j a Saturday and 
Sunday night concert featuring 
the La Jolla Civic Symphony 
conducted by Tom Nee at 8 pm 
on Saturday and 3 pm on Sunday 
in the auditorium. Tickets are 
available at the box office, 
Ticketron and at the door. On 
Tuesday, Atomicafe, a forum for 
graduate composers, will be 
performed free at 8 pm in the 
Recital Hall, and on Wednesday, 
there is a performance of Janos 
Negyesy with electronic violin at 
8 pm in the Recital Hall. Tickets 
for this performance are $1.00 at 
the box office, Ticketron and at 
the door. 

* * * Ai: the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art through June 
16 is Jame. Sur'" 47 wooden 
sculptures and 19. drawings. A 
featured artist of Texas 
landscapes. This is a show that no 
one should miss, everything is 
big in Texas. 454-3541. 

Th_eatre presents the opening of 
Irene Fornes' new play, Mud at 
the UCSD Theatre on Warren 
Campus. Mud will run nightly 
until May 25 and curtain time is 
at 8 pm. For more information, 
call 452~3793. 

If you would like to have an 
event listed in Goings on, 
please caU 452-6580 or send 
information to Hiatus, 8-016, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 92037. 

Thursdays, fHiatus' cind Yau 
* * * The music department's 

Now is your chance to see your name in 
print and you don't even have to sleep with 
anyone. Write for us today, call 452--6580. 

The Ford 
VoUeybaU 

Poll 

COr1I"'1JTER 
P'O ' Nrs 

"0 8a, 
~3 
'8. 

6!1::.: 

••• 
.-, 
91' 1 
9'. 
7o~ 
'3. 

74> 
7" 

09:-
68. 

908 
879 
803 
Boa 
799 
'8~ 

FORD MUSTANG 

• 7601 
70, 
693 
'''0 

~ustang ... the spirit that moves )'Ou! Choose )'Our fun 
m 2~doo~ 3-door or convertible. Compare LX for 
equipment and price with any car in its class, )'Ou'll be 
pleasantly su.rpriscd. Test drive a Mustang GT. O~ the 
~ord SV~ With 2.lL turbocharged. intercoolcd 4-cy1-
mde.r engme, 5-specd manual transmission, adjustable 
Kom- shock absorbers, and more. 
FORD BRONCO 0 
Here's a rugged and versatile vehicle that's as at home 
in the backwoods as it is in town. A standard 2.8L V-6 
provides the power through a 5-spced manual trans-
mission. lwin-Traction Scam independent front sus-
pension smooths out the road . Power steering and 
power front disc/rear drum brakes ease handling. ,-<9> sr.", 

XEROX 
2A HR. 7 DAY 

FREE 

percopv 
lor volume jobs 

• eOUATING 
• PAIIIONG 
• PlCXUP/DEllVERY 

(with minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6t1'1 Ave .• SD. 
231·1676 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by regIstered. prolesSJOnOI electrOlogIsts 

WOMENaMEN ~ 
Gentle Treatment 
Air o..-lIizlng 

.~Approw.d 
• california llcenMd 
• Tax Dec:tu.c:ttbl4t 
AlEE CONSULTATION 
dayHlllenjngs-sOlurday~ 
ADVANaD METHODS 
ELECTROLYSIS CLINICS . 

LAJOUA 

I ~12A21 
__ la_orw. 
la_~_. C1r. 

IAlM)A 'AlII( 
1589-9050 I 
--

dII> ..... MecIIcaI 

PRE-MEDS 
Preparing ~r AMCAS applicalJon? 
Unsure 01 haN to best present yourself 
to the medical schools? 

MED API CAN HELP. 
Our professional consullarts perform an 
In·depth analysis 01 your credenttals be-
kxe you SUbmit them to the admIS-
SIOnS commtnees. By utiliZing our recorn-
mendallOns. you can then SUbmit a per. 
SUasive applICatIOn that Will maXlrTlIze 
your chances 01 acceptance 

For more Information. wnte or caN 
Tesldrive one today. .oj ~ ~'. OWICIALCARAND11luc&~~~ _. ~!I 

lIce" OR' to a ~ .'eIi IIU,.,,·I MEDAps 1162 W,nche!;Ict /We Suore M Gtcndate. CA 91201 (818) 2~2 8198 
May 16, 1985 Hicula 7 



GET INTO 
GETTING INTO 
THE GUARDIAN 

Apply for an editorial position. Applications are 
due Friday, May 17 at noon at the Guardian office. 
For more information on what to apply for and 
how to apply for it, ask for Phil or Phil at 452-6580. 

Today's pace is faster than ever before. 
And the future is bound to be even more 
demanding. 

So to help you get a better grip on all 
your banking needs, Home Federal has 
taken a giant step into the future. 

The Future Of 
Banking Convenience 
With a Home Federal Any timecard t,4 you'll 
se how fast and flexible banking can be. 
For instance, you can now use it in any STAR 
SYSTEM automated teller machine. 

~ That means you can ~~ withdraw you r money 
....II f"W\.. with the push of a 
, 'f ', I I M button at over 1,000 

STAR SYSTEM ATMs throughout California. 
You can also use all Home Federal in-

lobby Personal Banking Machine and all 

AnytimeTelier machines to access up to 
ten Home Federal accounts. You can even 
use it to pay for gas and groceries at 
selected ARCO AM/PM Mini Markets. 

And that's just the beginning. Soon 
you'll use your Any timecard nationwide for 
even more services at more locations. 

To get an Any timecard is easy. And fast. 
Just walk in to any Home Federal office. 
Choose your own Personal Identification 
Code (PIC). And within minutes, you'll 
walk out with an Any timecard. 

And to introduce you to the future of 
banking convenience, Home Federal 
invites you to enter. .. 

The Ticket To The 
Future Sweepstakes 
Just visit any Home Federal office for a 
comple te Sweepstakes package, the rules 
and regulations and an Any timecard. 

But hurry, the more entries you 
complete before the deadline of May 31, 
1985 the better chance you have of 
winning one of these priz s: 

\ 
\ , 

,J 

GRAND PRIZE (One) A 7-day vacation 
for two to visit the Kennedy Space Center, 
Walt Disney World and EPCOT Center 
PLUS an IBM Personal Computer System. 
FlRST PRIZE (One) A 26-day cruise for 
two through the Mediterranean, across 
the Atlantic to the Canary Islands and 
through the Caribbean to Miami.· 
SECOND PRIZES (200) A deluxe Pierre 
Cardin designer garment bag. 
THINGS OUR LAWYERS KNEW YOU'D WANT TO KNOW: 
Trrps Inelude airfar and accommodations. All participants 
must receive a copy of the Rules and Regulations, must 
be 18 years old (or older) and be a California resident. 
No purchase reqUired. 
·P"",d.d hv ~ Royal Cruise Une 

ASSETS $9 BILLION [J OVER 150 OFFI ES SERVI G AUF RNIA 0 HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION 0 MEMBER FSUC 
CHECK THE YELLOW PAGES FOR THE OFFICE NEAREST YOU. 

8 Hiatus May 16, 19 5 


