


2 Mo,ulay, Aplll 22, 1985 
NE~ . 

~ ••• ..; ,. .' ).;';,;, '. • • N • '.' ,,' ~ > 

~---------~----------~ 

Tht Birdcage Review is looking for 
essays, poetry, fi ction , music, 
photography and art to publish in its 
spring quarter edition. The deadline for 
submissions is Friday. Entty forms and 
copies of last quarter's Birdcage Review 
are available in the Literature, Visual 
Arts, Commun ications, Drama and 
Music Department offices. ote: The 
Review is unable to accept any fiction in 
which characters named Earl smile into 

cover tUlllon. Scholarship applications 
are available from the center. 

Application forms for the program 
may be obtained from the UCSB 
Summer Sessions Office, (805) 961-
2047. The final date for applying is June 
21. Program information is available 
from the Departmenr of Spanish and 
Portuguese , (805) 961-3161 . 

o 
Non-smoking women whose their beer. o husbands smoke may run a higher risk 

of dying from heart disease than the 
Photogtapher Christopher Newbert wives of non-smokers, according to a 

will talk about undeIWater photography UCSD School of MediCIne srudy. 
and show. some of his award-winning In the May issue of the America,! 
color slides during a lecrure at 1 pm on Journal of EpidemlOlogy, the UCSD 
Saturday, May 11 , at UCSD's Scripps researchers report that in the group 
Institution of Oceanography. which they studied, wives of smokers or 

A residenr of Hawaii , Newbert is former smokers had two-and-a-half 
recogmzed as one of the top undeIWater times the death rate from heart disease 
photographers and is a regular as wives of non-smokers. 
contributor to many publications and However, the authors expressed 
books, Including the magazines NatIOnal caution In interpreting these results, 
GeographiC, Omni and Audobon. He has calling them "provocative rather than 
won more than 30 international definitive." 
photography awards. "This should be considered an 

ewbert's talk, spon ored by the exploratory study. I hope other 
Scripps Aquarium, wlll be given in researchers are stimulated to see If the 
Scripps' Sumner Auditorium, 8602 La risk is present in larger population 
jolla Shores Dr. Tickets for the talk are groups over a longer period of time." 
$1 and will be available at the door. said Cedric Garland, DrPH, assistant 

o professor of community and family 
Enrollment for Portuguese language mediCine and prinCipal author of the 

and culture courses offered through the study. "We studied a small population 
UC Santa Barbara Annual Summer group, and consequently our numbers 
Institute In Portuguese is undeIWay are small. Even so. the Increased risk is 

Classes In beginning, Intermediate noticeable." 
and advanced Portuguese language as Co-authors of the study, all from 
well as courses In Brazihan and UCSD's Department of Community and 

I 
- :J 
-

-I-
-I- II'! r ... M -l- I. I'''' :;~ l-=~ ~r. • I-[1 
-

... 

7 !L I'"' 
.17 

'·1 , 

Cover: Protests on the steps of "Stephen Biko Hall" in 
Berkeley have sparked a UC systemwide revival of 
student activism that hopes to convince the Regents to 
divest $2.6 billion from companies that do business in 
South Africa. 
News: The California Review wins an injunction against the 
University, and more on the apanheid protests across the 
University of California. Plus a look at Sunday's bicycle grand 
prix in La Jolla. 
Opinions: A joint editorial call for divestment by seven UC 
publications, plus our own editorial on how profits 
determine racial relations. Also, letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: A journey to a local shopping mall with Karl 
Roesler, UCSD's first-place winner of the 1985 University of 
California Early Universe Science Fiction writing 
competition. 
Sports: The men's golf team is busy establishing itself as a 
Division III power, and women's tennis and track are getting 
closer to Nationals. 
Plus... The Weekly Calendar 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

Portuguese literature and culture begin Family Medicine, are Elizabeth Barrett-
June 24. Connor, MD, chair; Lucina Suarez; which might be linked to heart disease, 

Students Will have the oplion of liVing Michael H Criqui. MD. MPH, aSSOCiate including blood pressure. obeSity, 
rate from heart disease than non-
smokers, and smoke from the burning 
end of a cigarette is more toxic than 
inhaled smoke, it is possible that 
passive exposure to cigarette smoke 
might also lead to heart disease," said 
Garland. "To our knowledge, this IS the 
first study to report such an increased 
risk." 

in a Portuguese language house in Isla professor: and Deborah Wingard. PhD, cholesterol and age, the risk relative to 
Vista where they will be exposed to a assistant professor. passive smoking increased even more 
wide variety of activities, including The study was conducted in Rancho dramatically. 
films. colloquia and conversation hours Bernardo. A total of 695 mamed "Only a few srudies have been done 
to improve thei r command of the women, ages 50-79, were evaluated on the effects of passive smoking," said 
Portuguese language and broaden their between 1972 and 1974. Records were Garland . "Srudies have shown that the 
understanding of the cultures of then updated annually for ten years, risk of angi na pectoriS, or chest pain , is 
Portuguese-speaking countries. with death cemficates categorized by increased in individuals With pre- The study was supported by the Lipid 

Research Clinics Program of the 
National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute 
and the National Institute of ArthritiS, 
Diabetes, Digestive and Kidney Disease. 

Room and board at the language cause of death . Of 203 wives of non- existing heart disease after exposure to 
house for the six-week session is $375 smokers, only twO died of heart disease, cigarette smoke. Higher rates of 
per person based on double occupancy. while of the 492 wives of current or respiratory problems and lung can er 

The inS Uture , sponsored by the Jorge former smokers. 17 died of healt have also been linked to passive 
de Sena Center for Portuguese Studies. disease. smoking. 
offers full andopamal scholarships to After compensating for other factors "Since smokers have a higher death -lilys McCoy 

rsectio~--------------------------------------------------~ ~ 
~ 
o 

~ 'California Review' wins campus space 
UCSD', conservative paper. the Califonlla Rel1ew, won 

a preliminary mjunctlon March 18 against UCSD which 
requires the UniverSity to give It space Without a re -
evaluation of [he papcr·s ~pacc allocation until!ts case IS 
brought to mal. 

The CalifomlQ Revlev/s lawsuit Claims Ihat the paper 
has been dlscnminated against and that ItS civil rights 
have been violated tn terms of space allocation and AS 
funding by the targets of the suit Dr Joseph Watson , 
vice chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs . Richard 
Atkinson. chancellor of UCSD. and members of the 
Studem Ce nter Board and the AS. 

C. Brandon Crocker. eduor of the Califo rnia Review, 
admits that the case against the AS over unfair fun d ing 
policy will be harder to prove because the facts are rather 
vague . He contends, however, that because of the 
preliminary injunction won against UCSD. the CR has a 
good case of civil rights discrimination in nO! receivlnga 
space in the Student Center. 

The California ReView has been fighting to get a space 
on campus In the Student Center since 1982, and for the 
past twO years has been denied space even though it isa 
student-run registered orgamzation and had fulftlled aU 
the quahfications. In winter quarter it finally received a 
space in the Student C~nter, shortly before the 
prelIminaty injunction and the judge's ruling that the 
newspaper should be allocated a space in the Student 
Center. 

Crocker claims, "It is just a matterof public record that 

organizations such as the Koala and the Birdcage Review 
(which) applied for space in the Srudent Center afte rthe 
California ReView, were allocated space while (the CR 
was) dented. After exhausting all the channels of appeal 
[hat were open to them to get space on campus, 
Induding Dr. Jo eph Watson and Chanc..ellor Richard 
Atki nson, the CalifornlLl Review decided to go to court and 
fight for thel r Civil rights." 

The UCSD Admimstratlon is remaining quiet on the 
subject of the laWSUit, which seeks $ 10,000 in damages 
from members of the Administration. 

Randy Woodard , director ofSrudent Actlvitlcs, stated , 
"The UniversIty is reviewing the case and lS In the 
process of evaluating the injunctions and the space 
injunction on the fundi ng. The Student Center Board 
has allocated space to the California Review in the last two 
momhs. That space became available, and the California 
Review and a former applicant were allocated space." 

Woodard does not believe that the California ReView 
received space because of the lawsuit. "Space became 
available and it was allocated to the California ReView, the 
problem with space is not just for the Cahfornla Review, 
but for all organizations, in that we have within the 
Student Center Itself a number of organizations which 
are sharing space, and space is limited. The Student 
Cemerwasdesignated In 1973-74 fora campus of8 ,OOO 
students; fall qu.1.rter we're going to run 12,200 
(undergraduate , students," Woodard sa id . '" 

Jill Berlin. Student Ce nter Board chair. commented , 

'·U p unulthls year there has been no formal process for 
evaluation for who got space in the Student Cemer. The 
Facilities Committee would sit down , and baSically we'd 
go through and say. 'Are they active? 'Do they really need 
an office to function?' 

'"1 wo of the big reasons that the California Review did 
not get space(were): number one, the kind of things that 
we were lookmg for In the past. such as, 'Does this group 
need this space to functlon?' At that point (the CR was) 
functioning quite well off campus. That's not to say they 
may have worked better on campus, but wherever they 
were working they had ample space and they were 
obViously amply funded. The other thing is that we do 
not have the space to give people their own office ; it's 
just physically restricted by size, and one of the things 
that you have to consider-although it may sound trivial , 
you do have to consider- when you put two 
organ izations together is whether they're goi ng to get 
along or not. If we had wanted to give the California 
Review space, we would have had to take away from the 
other organizat ions, and we would have had to PUt them 
in thei r own office because there was a lot of opposition 
to sharing an office with them ." 

The Student Center Board , according to Berlin, has 
also set up new criteria for organizations applying for 
space. "Last quarter the California Review and one other 
organization were the only ones that qualified , so the 
CalifornlQ ReView was given a space." 

-Karhleen Scholl 

Monday, Apnl 22, 1985 3 

The People's Voice 

Publication cited for misuse of funds 
By SUZANNNE LIFSON. Slaff Writer 

A N ALTERED PURCHASING ORDER rurned into a heated debate between Robyn Broughton, 
principal organizer of Th e People's Voice. 
and AS Commissioner of 
Communications Ken Carriffe , which in 
rum exposed several other discrepancies 
regarding the conduct of the student-
run paper. 

Broughton admitted that she 
personally requested the three changes 
of the purchasing ord~r for the winter 
quarter issue of the PV: decreasing the 
number of copies from 8,000 to 6 ,000, 
increasing the number of pages from 16 
to 20, and adding red color to the 
printing. However, according to 
Brol!8hton. "It was not an act of 
deception. We're part of AS. we're not 
out here to rip the students off. 
Indicators and initials were put (on the 
order) to show where changes were 
made." 

In response to this, Carriffe said that 
it is written in the media by-laws and 
assumed to be abided by every student 
organization that no alterations are to 
appear upon a purchase requisition 
when it leaves the AS office without AS 
authorization. 

In October of '84, Carriffe sem The 
People 's Voice a memorandum 
specifically mentioning financi al details 

such as: 1) The People's Voice is 
"regulated by rules outlined in the 
charter as well as those in the 
Activity Fee by-laws that pertain to 
Media"; 
2) The People 's Voice is required to 
follow the line. items (specified 
allocated funds arranged by item) 
agreed upon by Media Board and 
AS Council; and 
3) color printing is not paid for by 
AS funds . 

According to Michael Goodheim, AS 
finacial controller, despite the fact that 
Media Board allowed the PV a debt of 
$150 from using color last year, these 
rules were not abided by. "The People 's 
Voice has set their own priorities this 
year." 

"Being new, things weren't 
institutionalized (here in the office)," 
BroughtOn said . Last yea r The People's 
Voice had been "at rest" for most of the 
year, and thi s year, staff members "had 
set goals-not unrealistic ones, but 
ambitious ones," she said . 

Back in january, The People's Voice 
was already running line deficits, using 
their funds for items that could have 
been funded by the Student Center 
Board, said Goodheim. "Normal 
procedure with regard to student 
organizatiOns allows for juggling of line 
items , but The Peopl(s Voice had gone so 
excessively over (that more drastic 
measures had to be applied)," said 
Carriffe. 

Broughton argues that there was a 
"contradiction between practice and 
procedure" and that no precedent was 
set for The People's Voice to follow. She 
added. "Budgetary issues are a learning 
process. The People's Voice was unaware 
and had received incorrect directions 
and advice (from AS members)." 

In March, Carriffe wrote Broughton a 
letter emphasizing that The People 's Voice 
was "disregarding the rules" and l 
encouraging them to arrange a meeting 
to discuss the situation . According to 
Carriffe and Goodheim , despite 
numerous attempts to contact The 
People 's Voice organizers. no meeting 
arrangements were ever made. 

Broughton said that there was some 
communication between the AS and 
herself, although not on a regular basis 
because th~re were no weekly finance or 
budget meetings to attend. However. "All 
along we had plans okayed , and Carriffe 
encouraged them," Broughton said. 

Another problem arose when a staff 
member of The People's Voice rrtailed o ut 
some issues through a post office other 
than the University's. which is a 
violation of University procedure. 
According to Broughton , that individual 
was reprimanded. 

On April 2, AS President Marc 
Boroditsky informed the AS Business 
Office that The People's Voice budget was 

Men and women who are willing to allow 
professional stylists to design a new spring and 
summer look. 
This class will be on Tuesday, April 30 from 4:00 
pm to 6:00 pm, We will be using Clippers for this 
class and the styles will be very short, 
We will need those Interested In participating 
to come Into the solon. Before becoming a 
model we must check your hairline, growth 
patterns and hair texture. We will only use those 
who will be complemented by the new styles 
and short hair. 
Each model will receive a fashionable haircut 
and styling free of charge for participating. 
For more Information call Rhonda, 

454-0785 
tiuntrldge tiair Care Center 

In the Summer House Inn. La Jolla Shores 

to be frozen because of a deficit in two 
line items-the altered purchasing order 
and th.e "ignored University poliCies 
regarding mailing"-until a Council 
decision was made. After about twO 
weeks. the funding was unfrozen . 
because "there was low risk involved ," 
said Carriffe , and the Finance and 
Media Committees led an investigation. 

The history of operation of The 
People 's Voice shows that last year its 
initial allocation of $6,000 was cut back 
$2,000 each qua Iter until it put out one 
issue in the spring quaner. When staff 
came to the Media Board for funding for 
this year. Carriffe said, ' We were 
reluctant to give them any funds." 

According to Carriffe, last spring The 
People 's VOICe came to AS with an 
advisor asking for a second chance. 
Together they rrtade some new budget 
decisions and the paper promised to 
print two issues for both fall and wimer 
quarters and one during the spring 

quarter. 
What has been printed so far was 

one issue during late tenth week of fall 
quarter and one issue later in the winter 
quarter, although the latter contained 
twice as many pages as normar (this was 
okayed by the Media Board). Currently. 
The People 's Voice does not have enough 
money to publish another issue. 

There is a propoosal by Carriffe to 
give The People 's Voice an undewrite to 
get one more issue out. This interest-
free loan will have to be paid back 
through fund raising. This has not been 
approved by Council yet. "AS is rrtaking 
every effort to help them publish ," said 
Carriffe. 

Goodheim is opposed to a 
reallocation of funds to pay for deficits. 
"Other organizations pay it out of their 
income; why should The People 's Voice 
be treated differently? The People's Voice 
should have been more aware of the 
rrtanagement of their paper." ~ 

Doug LAnda~, a UCSD sophomore, competed in the third annual National 
CoUeglQte Driving Championships in Daytona Beach, Florida, last week. The results 
of the competition among 80 undergrads have not been released. 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time &Moncy 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day Of Night 

tILl LeARNiNG 
~ CENTER 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by reg .. t ... ed. prolessK)nOl electrolOgists 

WOMENaMEN ~ 
Gentle Treatment 
AIr 0eMnI1llz1ng 

• MedIcal ApprCMld 
• California Licensed 
• Tax Decalcllble 
FREE CONSULTATION 
days-evenlngs.Saturday~ 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROlYSIS CLINICS 

LAJOUA 

1~12G1 
_ VIla LG Jolla DrM 
La Jolla \/IJage I'l0l. CIt. 

IAI.IOAPAIK 

1589-9050 I 
-,.. ... 

..,.. ... _Clt. 

Fa.m11y Planning: 
a choice, a responsibility 

copfldmlUal • pnda tana '. afl'aIdable 
• .... ~ •• q ... , 
with results while you W&1t 

• Unplanned pregnancyl 
general or 100&1 anesthesia 

• Birth oontrol 
• Gyneoologio&l exams 
,..,., FturUly PItua";"1 
..... ~s M./inUGrrHIp 

San DIIf:l 
6496 AJvando Bd. 
(_lit· .. 



4 Monday, Apnl 22, 1985 

Protest for divestiture! ! 
The University of California student newspapers have joined to 

condemn UC investment in companies that do business in South Africa. 
Convincing the Regents to divest will not be easy; only by working 
together can the student voice be heard. In this spirit, the following 
editorial was written by editors from : 

the University divest. But wearing red ribbons and chanting anti-
apartheid slogans is not enough . 

Don't go to class Wednesday. Study against apartheid instead. Join 
orher students in front of the gym steps to protest the University's 
investment in South Africa. Let us stand up against financially motivated 
discrimination. 

The California Aggie of UC Davis 
The Daily Californian of UC Berkeley 

City on the Hill of UC Santa Cruz 
Daily Nexus of UC Santa Barbara 

UCLA Daily Bruin 

Will you be able to sit comfortably in class on Wednesday knowing 
you did nor take one small step to express your anger at the immoral 
system of apartheid? Boycotting class for one day is only a beginning, 
but if you can't do this, how can you expect the Regents to take this 
issue seriously? 

New University of UC Irvine 
The UCSD Guardian 

The students of the University of California are seeing red. 

Last week, 158 protestors chose to be arrested on the steps of 
"Stephen Biko Hall" at UC Berkeley. Chancellor 1. Michael Heyman said 
the protestors demonstrated in a "morally responsible" way, and, he 
said, it was "up to the University to respond ." 

More than 10,000 miles away from the racial oppression of South 
Africa's apartheid government, students across the United States are 
wearing red ribbons to express solidarity with blacks in South Africa 
and to protest investments in companies that do business there . 

We feel that the University should respond by divesting. The 
University can be morally responsible . 

The cry for divestment is being heard up and down the state of 
California. 0 longer should students be isolated on independent 
islands of the UC system. We can be strong together. ot the least of these investors is the UniverSity of California. The 

divestment of what has now been reported as $2.6 billion in UC funds 
would be larger than at all other campuses in the country combined, 
and the second largest US divestment ever. Students must demand that 

We attend this University to learn. Some things-like racism-are not 
easy to understand. We can begin to learn by protesting to the 
Administration Wednesday. 

Rising against the profits of racism 
"Sire, it is not a revolt-it is a revolution." 

Due de la Roehefoucauld-Liancourl 
10 Louis XVI, July 1789 

The oligarchical government of South Africa 
is aware now that its despotic reign is 
ending, that soon the government above the 
people will be a government of the people, 
for the people, and by the people. Its grip is 
loosening, its influence waning; pressure from 
the outside has strengthened pressure from 
the inside . Now it is they-the Anglos, the 
Boers, the Dutch, French and British 
colonialists-who are caught in a vise of 
dominating principles. The institutions which 
once appeared impenetrable are incrementally 
changing-the last fortresses of "traditional" 
racist poliCies are those which have justified 
segregation with religious doctrine, such as 
the Anglican Church. One can only imagine 
how much moral maneuvering it took the 
orthodox Anglicans to inscribe into their 
religiOUS laws that the ills of the world are a 
direct result of mixed marriages, sexual 
relations and culturally diverse communities. 
It is against the will of God, they say, to enter 
into political relations with those of a 
different skin color. However, when you enter 
a foreign land and seek to gain profits from 

the natural resources found in the homelands 
of indigenous tribes, it is quite impossible to 
avoid intermingling with them in a political 
manner. 

In a way, the UC Regents can also be taken 
in this vain. They are appointed governors; 
they are not freely elected by a majority of 
voters, and are quite unresponsive to the 
demands of the students. It is almost as if the 
Regents themselves belong to a Church that 
doctrinizes segregation from the student 
population. Here is an issue-divestment-
that should not even be debated . The 
University of California supposedly holds as 
an ethical must the practice of affirmative 

GRAPHIC AATlSTS: JOttI AKa. ~ JII..ONKA 

action. If you have ever had any doubts about 
the sincerity of recruitment and retention of 
minority students by the Administration, then 
here is your case in point. What the Regents 
are saying by not divesting from the 
apanheid government is that they really do 
not respect the principles of civil rights in 
their own country! 

What is their defense? The lawyer for the 
UC Regents said the other day that we cannot 
divest without confronting a massive legal 
battle with the companies who retain our 
investments. Then let's take them to court. 
Let's see how they will defend their economic 
policy. Although almost a foregone conclusion 
in modem capitalist SOciety, there is a certain 
constitutional responsibility involved in 
foreign trade. If these US companies really 
believe that their very presence in South 
Africa contributes to a raise in the standard 
of living for the Black, Colored and Asian 
communities, then why don't they release an 
itinerary of how much social progress has 
been made by their indigenous workers 
outside of the workplace? It may be that 
transnational corporations pay the highest 
wages available in the South African industrial 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 ) 

PHOTOGMPHERS: Off AHIt r.£'It1N fOllY. DMtt MtNIIJrIIfJ, .... __ .. 
SOfll.£Y. J()I5tUJ. ...u. 

STAIF WIU'IO.S: MATT />lJNII5. MMK 1IAE11EN0EAG. DElI CO 
VNJ HUIOtNSON. Of\ISlJN.', KAUS. I\TLIONE, . tM,... 
SCHACHT. KATHLEEN SCHOU.. ~STF.MPIS S4Af1H~lJ..tIIfAN . lAIJNE\Q •• ~ 
WAANNEI\ 

PA5l£·UP AATlST5: .~ .t.SHL£t ~ ~AV, rQ"HlIci:)(JNALD:'~ NCiOI,~ pj~SKv, " ...... . 
'tINiSTIIf 

1YP£SET1'ERS: /fiN f\M. WI ................ DM&: 
IUSIMESS MAIIIAGIN: H1G. DINIOC)," ~ ..... """ ........ 

Monday. Apnl 22. 1985 5 
~I~I~ 
~~~ • : -!-.. ••• • • ' ~ ~ 

Divest, divest, divest, divest, divest, divest ... 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE .. < 
sector, bUl it is a gross overstatement to say that racial 
relations will change in any significant manner because 
of their adherence to paying reasonable wages to their 
workers. For, from the moment an indigenous worker 
leaves his workplace until he retums the next morning, 
the worker is still alienated from the wealthy 
communities of his white co-workers and forced to 
follow the same guidelines of segregation as that of a 
poorer indigenous person. 

Those laws of the South African police state are 
unlikely to change by route of minimal congressional 
participation. The fact still remains that the white 
population feels that it built the present productive 
economic sectors without any ingenious contributions 
from the native African population, and these are the 
key elements of society [rom which the government is 
built around. They will not yield decision-making 
power concerning these sectors to political minorities. 
If you are looking for a solution without bloodshed, 
then look no further: blood has been shed in gallons 
and quarts. That truth is now embodied in Berkeley, 
California, as the renaming of Sproul Hall to Stephen 

Biko Hall symbolizes. Stephen Biko felt the insecure 
wrath of the South African government as he bled to 
death courtesy of a white man's billy club. And now, 
his Ideological brothers and sisters of UCB know this 
trait also when herded away by us orderkeepers in 
blue. 

The system-wide protest of UC investment in South 
Africa this Wednesday should prove 10 be a Significant 
one. It has been a long time since UC students have 
worked in solidarity to achieve a worthy goal. The 
wonder of the exercise is that it will push the 
University itself 10 re -evaluate administrative-student 
relations in a different context than ever bdor . Yes, 

Doonesbury 

we have fought for free speech , affirmative action , 
financial aid and a more accessible faculty, but the 
demand for ethical spending by the University is 
unprecedented. This week, as part of the Regents' 
defensive posturing, the UC Treasurer's repon will be 
released to the student public to be reviewed with 
great scrutiny. As of now, no one (excluding UC 
inveslOrs) is really sure of the amount of investment 
(research places it at around $2.6 billion) in South 
African enterprises, nor how many companies are 
involved. We expect 10 discover much more in the 
way of indirect investment, along with findings that -

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

oma OF CAMPUS RECll£ATION & OCT 

"A happy 
reoftIrmotlon of the 
best In the modem 
dance tradition ... 

desefves wide 
exposure & high 

praiser' 
-Welsh, S.D. UNION 

" ... exqulslte dancing ... 
the dancing becomes 

everything ... " 
-Saville, THE READER 

Ensemble of 10 Including 
Ma. Jean IIIaca 

premiering In Nancy 
McCaleb's IlIumlnata" 

3 PERFORMANCES ONL VIII 
fRIDAY, APRIL 26, 8:00 PM 

SAlURDAY, APRIL 27, 2:00 .. 8:00 PM 
Mandeville Auditorium. UCSD La Jolla 

General $10.50 evenIng, $9.00 matInee 
Student. senior, military $7.50 evening, $6.50 matinee 

ON SALE NOW 
at the campus box office, or call 296-9523 

THE UCSD/LA JOLI.A JAZZ EHSfMBL£ I'R£S£NT 



6 Monday , Apnl 22, 1985 
IN(~ 

':=:; ;:.; , ':-:,'. ". ' ::.ex.: 

Protest! 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 < 
the UC has directly invested with 
corporations that ignore civil rights 
practices. NO( only is this nO( 
concurrent with affinnative action 
principles, it smacks of hegemonic 
deception. Administrators and 
bureaucrats are just that administrators 
and bureau rats. They should not be 
allowed to defecate on the pervasive 
hopes of many students whose 
convictions implement ethnic respect. 

Yes, it is satisfying that the concept of 
democracy is finally dematerializing on 
college campuses. We know now that 
what we may have believed to be a 
progressive affinnative acrion policy is 
frequently motivated by profit. It is that 
type of mentality that is deplorable. It is 
that act of selfishness that perpetuates 
racism . 

Leners to the editor should be 
double- or triple-spaced and 
addressed to the Opinions 
Editor, the UCSD Guardian , B-
016, La Jolla, 92093 . All 
submissions must include the 
author's phone number and 
signature; in special cases the 
name will be withheld upon 
request. Letters greater than rwo 
pages in length will be primed as 
'Viewpoin ts" and will be edited 
for grammar and style. The 
Guardian reserves the right to edit 
for clarity and space 
considerations. Deadlines a re 
noon Friday for Monday 
editions , noon Tuesday for 
Thursday editions. 

. , llteilittelfall<ellittelfan<ellittelfan<ellit<elf~llce;frfrce;Jr~n~tdt~Ir~~n;~telfalltefrfr~;~ll~'{ 
fr~lf~lettersll~llit<elf~ll<ellit<.elf~nceltfr®Ir~n~ttfr®Jr~n®frfrce;lf$lltellit~rr~nte{tftteI 
If~n<ellit~rr~ll<efdt~lf~~cefdt~Jr~n®{tlt®Ir~n~ttiJ:~lf~n®~tt®lf~ll<efdt<err~nce{tft~rr~1 
No religious respect 
An open letter to the UCSD 
Administration: 

I would like to express my 
disappOintment, distress and disgust in 
you on your planning of next year's 
academic schedule. It is so nice to know 
that you can schedule the start of 
classes-and , hence, the start of 
welcome week-without the shghtest 
regard to religion. It's encouraging 10 see 
an administration so insensitive- or is 
the word racist?- as yours. School 
begins on September 26. On September 
24-25 the holiest day of the Jewish year 
occurs, Yom Kippur. This is the day that 
Jews ask for God's forgiveness for their 
sins and ask Him for a good year. This 
means that Jewish freshmen must 
decide whether to attend welcome week 
activities and tty to fit in or attend these 
important services and feel like an 
outsider (next year, why don't you just 
buy them yellow stars?). What a great 
feeling it must be for a person on his 
first real experience away from home to 
have the pressure of feeling a part of his 
community or'a part of his religion. As 
for me, I will ask God to forgive your 
sins . My yannulke is off to you. 

Steven Cooper 

Stamp on students 
Editor: 

There is an issue that has been 
brewing here at UCSD for quite some 
time that needs to be addressed . It is 
the issue of the Administration's lack of 
respect for students. In many InStanCes, 
the Administration makes decisions 
concemlng students without even 
getting their input. A perfect example is 
the recent student referendum regarding 

CaIPIRG. Sixty-six percent of the people 
who voted were in favor of CalPIRG's 
fee , but the Administration has chosen 
to ignore this student input. Another 
example of the Administration 's 
disregard for students is this year's mid-
year parking fee increase. The 
committee on parking that has students 
on it was not even consulted. To make 
matters even worse after having to pay 
more $ for parking, during spring break 
about 140 student spaces were 
converted into faculty spots-without 
any student input. This trend must stop. 

At UC Berkeley this week, Cal 
students got someone to listen-over 
150 students were arrested in non-
viol.ent sit-ins over apartheid. Do we 
need sit-ins at UCSD to get the 
Administration to listen to what students 
have to say? I certainly hope nOt, but 
I'm not sure. It seems obvious that better 
communication between students and 
the Administration is needed. From my 
vantage pOint, two major changes need 
to occur in order to accomplish this. 
First, the Administration needs to listen 
to what students have to say on all 
student-related issues-not just the ones 
that suit them. Second , and more 
important, students need to get off their 
apathetiC butts and make their opinions 
heard. One of the reasons the 
Administration overlooks students is 
because they feel students are 
uninfonned and don't really care . Is this 
true? With the new AS Council taking 
office this month , there will be many 
committee openings, etc. Get involved . 
In th e future , if an issue affects you, take 
action. We needn't be second-class 
citi ze ns. 

Steve Krerns 
Muir College AS Representative. 

Sandinista genocide 
Editor: 

Re: John Schacht's April 15 response 
to my anti -Sandinista letter of II April. 

Perhaps the word "genOCide" was toO 
strong to describe the Sandinistas' effort 
to end the Miskito Indians' way of life 
that resulted in the murder of what 
Schacht apparently thinks is an 
insignificant number of them. (After all, 
the Sandinistas were killing them for 
their own good .) If so, I recant and will 
in the future refer to their mistreatment 
as persecution. 

However, the remainder of Schacht's 
letter fails to properly address the issue. 
Saddled with a weak argument, he uses 
the usual socialist ploy of calling up 
Marxist clicht! rhetoric and derogatoty 
remarks. While the tenn "imperialism" 
may have some direct (albeit misguided) 
relationship to the issue, the phrases 
"human scum" and "neo-fascist 
conservatives" are simply personal 
insults that attempt to hide the lack of a 
logical argument. 

While referring to "Manifest Destiny," 
a theory to describe the growth of the 
US over a centuty ago, and Walter 
leFeber's interpretation of Thomas 
Jefferson's motivations, Mr. Schacht fails 
to mention modem Leninist ideology 
that publicly promises to overthrow 
capitalism and engulf the world in 
communism. (When Khrushchev said, 
"We will bury you!" he undoubtedly 
meant with kisses.) With the largest 
anny in the region-62 ,OOO troops on 
aCllve duty-Nicaragua threatens to 
spread communism throughout Central 
America by force . 

Mr. Schacht attempts to explain the 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 

SIXTH ANNUAL EARL WARREN MEMORIAL SYMPOSIUM 

"LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL' 

HARD CASES: 

RAMSEY CLARK 
Former U.S, Attorney General 

IIlndlvldual Rights: Achievements and Challenges" 

Monday, April 29, 2:30 pm 
Peterson Hall 110 
Reception Immediately Following 

Town Council Meeting 

SEARCH AND SEIZURE: 
WHAT ARE STUDENTS RIGHTS? 

EQUALITY FOR WOMEN 
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT 

SYMPOSIUM 
Film, Panel Discussion, Moot Court 

A Panel Discussion 
and Audience Dialogue 

Led by Dr. Barbara Winters. Former UCSD 
Associate Professor of Philosophy and Dr. Kristin 
Luker. UCSD Associate ProfeSSO!' of Sociology. 

Monday, April 29 at 7:00 pm 
Peterson Hall 103 

Discuss this issue with Alex Landon (Executive 
Director of Defenders Program). Michael Carlton 
(San Diego District Attorney's Office), Lt. William 
Becker (San Diego Police Department) and Sgt. 
Robert Jones (UCSD Police Department). 

Wednesday. May 1 at 7:00 pm 
Warren Apartment Commons 

Dr. Peter Irons, Dr. Tracy Strong. and Dr. David 
Phillips of the UCSD faculty will join with 
representatives of the District Attorney's Office. 

Defende~ Program of San Diego. Inc. members of 
Parents of Murdered Children. and the Son Diego 
Police Deportment in an In-depth examination of 
the death penalty. Is it justified? Is It fair? Is It 
effective? 

Thursday. May 2 at 9:00 am-2:30 pm 
Mandel Weiss Center for the Pelformlng Ms 

-.-

There is no charge to UCSD faculty. students. and staff. For more Information please phone 452-4350. EARif 
. Presented by Earl Warren College and the San Diego County Bar Association WARREN 

COLLEGE 

Monday. Apnl 22, 1985 7 
O'>IN(~ 
~ Yo • .... • ., 

nce;iliherr~n<efrfr<elr$n<ellit~Ir~ll~llit®lf~n®~frce;Ir~n®~ 
~<err~lettersn<eilit<eIr$n<efdt~Ir~n®1tfr®rr~ll®{tfr®lf 
If~n<efrfr~!f~n~tttt~Jr~llcefrfr®lf~ll®{tlt®Ii~ll~ttlc®lf~ll 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 6 5. 
ex traordinaty wealth of the US with 
some perversion of mercantile theoty as 
if It was actually gai ned .l( the expense 
of Latin Amenca. The fact of the matter 
is that the modem wealth of the US is 
due to the extraordinary level of 
freedom that we have that allows us to 
create and produce while enjoying the 
fruits of our labor. MarXIsts have heen 
embalT'.lsed by free -market cap ltahsm as 
their planned economies prove stagnant 
and unable to keep pace WIth those of 
the free world. The raw material-
ex ploitation theoty is disproved by the 
remarkable post-war economy of Japan. 
Dispossessed of their colonces, foor in 
natural resources, Japan has stl l been 
able to become a world economic power 
because of a capttahst economy. West 
and East Germany started the post-war 
period m the same condi tion, yet look 
at them today. West Gennans e nJoy 
more freedom and a better standard of 
hving than their brethren hehind the 
Iron Curtain. Socialism is only a path to 
greater poverty for Latin Amenca. 

Now does thIS mean that Contra 
atrocities are okay, or that El Salvador 
right-wing death squads are acceptable? 
Certainly not. The key to full economic 
growth is personal freedom as well as 
capitali sm The incentive to produce 
can be removed by threats to your life 
and property from the right as well as 
the left. 

In the real world , freedom is often a 
question of degrees. The people of 
Nicaragua are just as repressed by the 
Sandinistas as they were by the. Somoza 
regime. The level of freedom found in 
the US may be a lonl\ time away, but the 
removal of the Sandinistas would be a 
step in the right direction. The fight of 
the Contras to move Nicaragua away 
from the socialist repression and 
economic disaster created by the 
Sandincstas is deserving of US support. 

Christopher M. Schnaubeh 

Administrative dispute 
Editor: 

I am engaged in a dispute with 
current administration of the University 
here, and specifically with Hugh Mehan 
of the Teacher Education Program. I 
have been dismissed from TEP fonnally 
as of Februaty 13, 1985. The cause for 
dismissal is exactly founded on the 
disagreement(s) that have arisen from 
the classroom to which I was assigned 
by the TEP faculty as a volunteer 
classroom aide. 

The situation is uniquely 
contempo~ry . I was a white person 
placed into a black man's classroom, 
under the auspices of TEP. I went to the 
school chosen by TEP, not by myself. 1 
went there expliCitly to be in a "multi-
cultural seuing." In reality, that only 
means what it should mean-a diverse 
setting with children of more than one 
race. The noble ideal is to facilitate 
social change through the public 
schools. 

The Teacher Education Program calls 
all the shO(s. They are judge, juty and 
executing arm of academic freedom , et 
aI., within the program. As a white 
person , 1 was subjected to demands that 
I present my classroom material in a 
black historical context. As a white 
person , I was belittled and degraded for 
being white alone. I was subjected 10 a 
racial discrimination that I have been able 
10 conSistently document 10 the 
Chancellor's staff. However, I am 
thwaned at em:h and every level of the 
hIerarchy I attend. 

The dismISsal has In effect been 
su tained . I have NOT been gl en due 
process, as I have been denied a proper 
forum (an academ tc appeals hearing) 10 
redress the grievance. I have 
system:lIIcally gone through the aClllal 
cham -of-command from TEP to ThIrd 
College provo~t to MUIr ollege provo t 
to vIce chancellor of AcademIC AffaIr to 
vIce (hancelior of ndergmdu;Hc Aff,urs 

to Pat Ledden, the C hancellor's right-
h~nd man. And nothing. Not one 
person has the guts to stand up to Mr 
Mehan and indict him. 

Mr Mehan blatantly explOits the raCial 
context 10 funher his position here 
within the academic community of UC 
San Diego. He is Interested , I imagine, 
In becoming a full professor as a direct 
result of his efforts. Yet, he has an 
duitude that will cause the futu re 
generations (the children of America) to 
pay for h is personal greed for more 
power. 

To date, he has successfully skirted 
the lSSUeS of reverse racial 
discrimination through sophisticated 
maneuvering within the intricate 
structure of University Policy a nd 
Procedure. He does not wish 10 deal 
wuh any fairness doctrine. He will nOl 
faclhtate an academic hearing where he 
would be subject to pubhc scrutiny, for 
he is understandably alarmed that 1 may 
do something he is neither prepared to 

h~ndle or deal WIth . 
The black classroom teacher had a 

fifth grade class in San Diego school 
district at Knox Elementary School. That 
person placed our professional working 
relationship into a racial context by 
demanding that I must pay attention to 
the "NIgger and Whitey" issue. I take 
exceptional issue WIth this, for had 1 
thrown a natural innocent situation into 
a racial context by bringing up 
"NIGGER" that smacked of the same 

h~tred I felt from him-this whole thmg 
may have taken another course into 
hiStoty. 

[ take issue because it is costing me a 
career. I possess hard documented 
evidence that portrays dupliCity between 
the classroom teacher in question and 
the faculty of the Teacher Education 
Program . I don't wish to be 
misunderstood here, either. The 
situation within this classroom in 
Southeast San Diego was truly a set-up 
that was used to drum me out of the 
program. 

I was with the first class of John Muir 
College. I have watched and 
participated in enough around this 
campus that spans the time 1966-1985 
to know that something is amiss in TEP. 
What they preach and how they preach 
it are absolutely inconsistent. The 
damage they do is near criminal. The 
world doesn't need more racists, and 
that is as graphic as it is. 

~ I say to you, Mr. Mehan: "YOU ARE A 
UAR." You have said one thing to my 
face , and done something else 
inconsistent with your words behind my 
back, and you refused to be held 
accountable for anything here as it 
involves you. 

John Drmiljian 

The Guardian 
staff urges you to 

boycott your 
classes on 

Wednesday, 
ApriU 24, and 

protest UC invest-
ment in compa-

nies that do 
business in 

South Africa 
by attending the 
protests on the 

gym steps at noon 

IT TAKES A BETTER 
GRADE CALCULATOR TO 

G A BETTER GRADE 

HP-11C 

F/iOW HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

$62.95 sugg,retall S90.00 

• Programmable 
• Advanced Engineering and 

Statistical Functions 
• 203 Program Lines 
.21 storage registers 

. • RPN logic, continuous 
memory, and 10-digit 
LCD display, 

$98.50 sugg. retail $120.00 HP-15C 
• Programmable 
• Advanced Engineering and 

Statistical Functions 
• Matrix Operations 
• Solve and Integrate 
• Complex Functions 
.4481 Program Lines 
• 448 Program Lines 
• RPf\J logic, continuous 

memory, and 10-diglt 
LCD display. 

HP-16C $98.50sugg. retail $120.00 
.. Programmable 
• Computer Science Func-

tions 
• Blnary/Octal/Declmal/ 

Hexidecimal conversions 
• 203 Program lines or 101 

16-blt data registers 
• 1's and 2's complement 

unsigned modes 
• Boolean AND, OR, NOT, XOR 
• RPN logic, continuous 

memory. and 10-digit . 
LCD display, 

$159.95 sugg, retail $195,00 HP-41C 
• Programmable 
• Over 130 advanced 

functions 
• 400 program lines 
• Alpha numeric display 
• Expandable to 2000 

program lines 
• Optional printer/piotter 
• Optional printer/plotter. 

card reader, optical wand 
HP-41CV and HP-41CX 
available also, 

UIlIVEIiSITY BaaliSTaliE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 4:45 pm 
Saturday 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

Extended hours during rush week. 
452-4291 



8 M(1l1dll). Apl11 22. 1985 

Cover story 

Student demonstrators protest apartheid 

By ~EAN WAGSTAFF. News Editor 

W HAT BEGAN as a small organized protest of South Afncan apanheid policies at 
Columbia Umverslt), in New York has 
spread into a national tudent 
movement whic h has come to include 
the University of Califomia and has 
spawned the demonstration of 
thousands of & rkeley students and the 
arrest of 158 Within the last week. In 
response to the Columbia movement. 
the student govemments of the nine UC 
campuses. including UC D. are 
currently contemplatlng or planning a 
boycott of classes on Wednesday and 
various demonstratlons In sup pan of 
UC divestment from companies with 
South African holdings 

The goal of the student protestors IS 
threefold . accord ing to AS Vrce 
PreSident Mary Rose Alexander: to 
a hleve UC divestment In South Afnca. 
to mdve the date of the UC Regcnts' 
vote on dl\'estment {Q a time when 
students w~1I still be In school. and {Q 
have the treasurer m.lke a lull repon on 
the LJC~ Inw,tmcnts 10 South Africa 

The ASUC D's vote on Fnday to call 
for a boy Ott of classes from noon to 2 
pm on Wednesday on the gym steps 
<..'ame as an amendment to an earlier 
deCision to call for a noon to I pm 
bo)'cott. However. it is till less severe 
than other UC student govemments' 
calls for all -day ho}' otts. 

In .Jdditlon to boycotting lasses, 
slUdents are being urged to wear a red 
ribbon to express solidarity with the 
black South Africans. The most recent 
estimate of the extent of the UC's 
Investment In South Afnca. according to 
the UC &rkeley Dally Califol11lal1 . shows 
UC Regents holding approximately $2.6 
billion 10 companies doing busllless 
there. ThiS figure . a result of research 10 
the Regents' finan cial repons, would 
make UC divestiture larger than that of 
all other universities in the Unl[ed 
utes combined and would be the 

second greatest divestiture ever. 

The proponents of divestment argue 
thJt LIS investme nts 10 South Afnca 
benefit prl manly white. racist 
bUSinessmen who are III tum 
responsible for mamtammg the onl)' 
officI aU), ra 1St government poliCies in 
the world . US divestment. the)' claim, 
would Strl ke a malor blow to the South 
Afncdn economy and the morale 01 the 
raCist government which has re ently 
been under Civil fire but which has yet 
to be senously threatened by outSid e 
foes of apartheid. 

As the national awareness of 

Onc Wa}' 
Fwm Mi. '''''tch FlaHtility Round Tnp From 

$327 
$399 
$429 
$379 
N/A 
$399 

$648 
$738 
$738 
$698 
$798 
$738 

Also nights to London, Frankfun. Geneva and NICe 
Our fares Include all taxes and charges! 

c.u COUNCIL TRAVIL --= 
452-0630 

in the Student Center 
CounnI Trawl I" the trawl dlvl, lOn uf ClEE. 

apanheid has grown in light of recent 
nots in South Africa, the protests in the 
United States have gamed momentum. 

On February 15. J crowd of 1.200 
people. mosrly UCLA students. 
disrupted the UC Board of Regents 
meeting. chanting. "You can't hide . )'OU 
can't hide. you invest in genOCide." That 
alltl-apanheid rally grew into an angry 
demonstration that was only defused 
when the Chancellor promised to meet 
with students to discuss the issue of 
divestment. That rally paralleled a 
demonstration at Berkeley the same day. 

The UC Regents voted against 
divestment in 1977, but 10 hght of 
recent strife in South Afnca and protests 
in the United States. the Board de Ided 

thiS year to reconsider the Issue. Many 
have complained. however. that the 
deCision . scheduled for late June, will 
come after students have left for the 
summer. depnving them of a rea~()nable 
opportunity to voice their opinions 
during the session . Demonstr.ltors have 
expressed their desire to have the 
Regents' decision rescheduled for May. 

UC President David Gardner 
responded [0 the Berkeley protest last 
week by concedmg to have the UC 
trea urer submit a full public report on 
the Regents' investments. which will 
include details on investments m South 
Afncan hold lOgs. Until those details are 
released , the full extent of UC 
mvestments Will not be known . ~ 

Rallies hit budget 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Correspondenl 

A SSEMBLY SPEAKER WIWE BROWN'S statements at a UC Berkeley ant i-apan heid- rally 
touched off speculation that all UC 
budget hearings would be postponed 
due to the increasing protests over UC 
investments in South Africa. 

The rumors were fed by 
Assemblymember Tom Bates CD-
Berkeley), who asked Brown Thursday 
moming to suspend the Assembly 
hearings until UC President David 
Gardner appears before the Legislature 
to discuss divestment 

Bates made hLs request before Brown 
left the Capitol for the &rkeley campus. 

"It came out Wednesday night at the 
rally. ThLs was an idea I had discussed 
WIth people at the rally." said Bates. who 
has visited demonstrators t\vlce since 
their sit-m began last week. 

Bates said before BrOWll's appearance 
that the powerful Assembly speaker. as 
well as other key legislators 10 the 
budget's process. had concurred , and he 
began lobbying on the Senate's side for 
SImilar action . 

At the noon rally. Brown said that the 
chair of the Assembly subcommittee 
reviewing the budget would give the 
Regents "appropriate Inspiration and 
encouragement" by publicly asking 

Gardner during a budget hearing that 
no new money be invested in 
companies doing busi ness in South 
Africa. 

"And he will say to the preSident. 'Mr. 
President. be very careful how you 
answer, because you really don't want to 
take the next step,'" Brown aid, 
predicting his colleague's actions. "'The 
next step could be harmful to the 
students. The next step could be 
harmful to the University ... · 

Brown, however. said through an aide 
Thursdar aftemoon he would not hold 
up UCs $1.6 billion state-funded _. 
budget. and he ~as requesting the ' 
Assembly's Ways and Means 
Subcommittee on Education to hold a 
hearing on UC investments with 
Gardner as the chief witness. 
"EveT),thmg is uppased to go off as 
origmally planned-." said Dale Shima aki, 
the Ways and Means consultant to 
Brown. 

UCs budget could run mto trouble if 
legislators are dissatisfied with Gardner's 
testimony. Shima saki said, speculating 
the budget could be cut or held up in 
committee if Gardner doesn't cooperate. 

The budget hearings held by the 
Assembly subcommittee chaired by 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 .> 

MAKE KINKO'S 
YOUR BINDING CONTACT 

Organize reports, presentations, manuscripts, manual. 
and more. Add the profes.lonal touch with specl.1 
bindings at Klnko's . 

-VELO -SPIRAL 

kinko·s 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Joila Dr, (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

Budget 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 8 
Robert Campbell CD-Richmond) and the 
Senate subcommittee chaired by Walter 
Stiem CD-Bakersfield ). had been on 
hiatus for the last t\vo weeks for 
numerous reasons not related to the 
current controversy, 

The Assembly Ways and Means 
consultant responsible for the agenda 
has been ill . and the enate 
subcommluee has been reviewing Other 
areas of the budget. 

The next UC hearing WIll be held 
Wednesday in the Assembly on the 
proposed $25 million subsidy for the 
teaching hospitals. Hearings on the 
$151 million capital outlay budget begin 
in both houses Apnl 29. 

Monday. Apn1 22, 1985 9 

reportedly unaware of the developments 
in die Capnol. In a live intervIew with 
the UC Radio etwork. Gardner said he 
could nor comment on Brown's 
statements, UC Spokesperson Valerie 
Sullivan read the follOWing statement "In 
the budget hearings In Sacramento. this 
issue [divestment l has not come up." 

Bates' attempts to hold up hearings 
on the Senate side appeart'd to fizzle 
quickly. with Sti em and fellow 
subcommittee memher Senator Nicholas 
Petris CD-Oakland) quickly backing away 
from the Assemblymember's suggestion 

Estimuti ng that his Budget arrd Fiscal 
Review Subcommittee is responSible for 
half of the state'S approXimately $33 
btllion general fund budget. Stlem said. 
"The question is. do you stine the whole 
budget of the UniverSity of California 
because of one subcommittee?" 

Assembly Speaker Brown said he would request a hear-
ing on UC investments but not hold up the UC budget. 

It was a drizzly afternoon. but more than 20.000 spectators braved the cold'and 
rain to see the premiere of the Bud Light Grand Prix bike race. In the men's 
competition Chris Carmichael took fi rst. and in the women·s.Janelie Parks had the 
honor. The race had I I riders. and the course ran a total of 40 mIles through the 
streets of LaJolla. Eleven riders had spills, many due to pedestrians running across 
the street and slamming imo the bikers. Jeff Pierce. a local San Diegan. captured 
second in the men's 'division. and Tom Resh came in third . In the women's race, 
Susan Ehlers took second and Valerie Simmones took th ird. 

The Assembly Ways and Means 
Subcommittee on Employee 
Compensation will consider the 
proposed 8.8% faculty salary increase in 
May. Shimasaki said . 

News of the possible postponement of 
budget hearings was greeted with 
shneks of joy 10 the UC Stur\~nt Lobby. 
which was suddenly placed in a curious 
pOSition since It has already pledged its 
support for the capital ouday budget. 

OutgOing Associate Director Janine 
Verbinskl hugged a reporter when 
informed of the rumors. "This is great." 
Lobby Director Jim Lofgren said . "Now 
the Legislature is taking the issue 
seriously. It's nor just a campus-based 
thing anymore. 

"It's unfortunate that an extemal body 
has to prod the Umversity along." 
Lofgren added. 

UC officials in &rkeley were 

Stiem also hinted that Petris' feelings 
would be a factor. but Petns, who 
represents UC Berkeley. said he would 
"make no deCision either way." 

"I'm not gOIng to act on impulse. I 
don't act that way on any legislation. I 
don't think the students are requesting 
thiS action ." he said . 

In orher divestment-related business 
in the Legislature Thursday. 
Assemblymember Maxine Waters (D-Los 
Angeles) announced she would bring up 
twO divestment bills for a hearing on 
April 29. 

AB 134 requires the state to divest 
employee and legislator retirement funds 
from banks and businesses with South 
African ties. 

Waters' other measure. AB 1134. 
would preve nt state funds from being 
invested or depOSited in such 
institutions. ~ 

UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS ·1985 
REGISTER NOW FOR UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS 

FIRST TERM 
SIX-WEEK SESSION: 
June 24-August 2 
EIGHT-WEEK 
SESSION: 
June 24-August 16 
TEN-WEEK SESSION: 
June 24-August 30 
SECOND TERM 
SIX-WEEK SESSION: 
August 5-
September 13 

There are several reasons 
to enroll in UCLA Summer 
Sessions. Here are just 
a few: 
Program dlverllty 
UCLA Summer Sessions 
offers open enrollment in 
nearly 600 day and evening 
classes. The wide variety 
of COUI1l8S encompasses 
offerings in more than 40 
academic departments and 
professional schools. 
Special summer courses 
include Intensive LBngullge 
Programs in Chinese, 

Italian, Japanese, Latin, 
Portuguese, Ouechua, and 
Yoruba; a new Program in 
Computing designed 
especially for beginning 
and intermediate students; 
and a special Near Eastern 
Studies Progrsm consisting 
of intensive language 
programs in Arabic, 
Hebrew, Persian, Turkish, -
and Uzbek, in addition to 
social science courses 
focusing on the region. 
.... progrwe tOWlN'd 
....... 
The divel1l8 curriculum 
includes courses appro-
priate for fulfilling both 
general and specific under-
graduate and graduate 
degree requirements. 
Enrolling in summer 
courses brings you closer 
to your degree, faster. And 
only a UC school can offer 
you courses for complete 
unit and grade credit . 
fulfil prof ••• 1oneI 
school requirement. 
Offerings include many 
courses applicable to 

professional school entrance 
requirements, including 
pre-medical, pre-dental , 
pre-law, and pre-business 
courses as well as graduate 
courses in management, 
library science, nursing , 
and public health . 
LIghten your workload 
You can spread out your 
load by taking a few 
summer courses. Reducing 
the number of courses you 
take the rest of the year 
leaves you with the time to 
concentrate on your 
remaining courses or more 
time to do the other things 
you want to get accom-
plished, Either way, you 
can satisfy minimum 
progress requirements. 
Enjoy Las Ang .... and 
envIroN 
In addition to the many 
courses offered, take 
advantage of the cultural 
and recreational opportu-
nities on the campus, in 
Westwood Vilage, and 
throughout Southern 
California . On-campus 
housing is available. 

COURSES ARE OFFERED IN : 
• African Languages • Kinesiology 
• Anthropology • Latin 
• Arabic • Latin American Studies 
• Archaeology • library and Information 
• Art Science 
• Art History • linguistics 
• Astronomy • Mathematics 
• Biology • Management 
• Chemistry & Biochemistry • Microbiology 
• Chicano Studies • Motion Pictures/Television 
• Chinese • Music 
• Classics • Near Eastern Studies 
• Communications Studies • Nursing 
• Computer Science • Philosophy 
• Design • Physics 
• Economics • Physiology 
• Education • Political Science 
• Engineering • Portuguese 
• English • Psychiatry 
• English Composition • Psychology 
• Folklore and Mythology • Public Health 
• French • Radiological Sciences 
• Geography • Russian 
• German • Sociology 
• Hebrew • Spanish 
• History • Speech 
• Ital ian • Theater 
• Japanese • Turkic Languages 
• Jewish Studies • W~men's Studies 

FnIe copies of the UCLA Summer Sessions catalog 
are now available at: 
Summer Sessions Office 
lOlA Administrative 
Complex 
Warren Campus 

Or call UCLA Summer 
Sessions directly, at 
(213) 825-8355. 



10 Mtll1dt,y. Al'nl 22, 1 <)8.5 

I/~~ ~ ~~( =-') ) 
o 0 (---=:::[ ==:::J: ~~( ~) ) I D) 

PROTEST AGAINST UC SUPPORT 
OF RACIST SOUTH AFRICA 

Wednesday, April 24 
Gym Steps 

12 noon 
music and speakers 

Boycott Classes 12 - 1 
-uc Divestment Now! 
-Support Striking Students! 

Associate Director of UC Student 
Lobby in Sacramento 
$1300/ mo plus benefits. Lobbiest for legislative and 
UC issues. Send resume and three references and 
a writing sample to: 926 J Street, Suite 616 , 
Sacramento, CA 95814. If you have any questions 
contact Katherine Silsbee, Lobby Annex Director, 
UCSD Student Center B. 

"Potemkin/Sergei Eisenstein" 
May 2 at TLH 104 7:00 pm FREE 

Panel discussion on cancer prevention 
Dr. Mel Green of "Biology of Cancer" fa~e . Dr. Sheldon 

Hendler, author of The Complete Guide to Anti-Aging Nutrients 
and a graduate of UCSD's Medical School, Joseph Garcia 

from the American Cancer Society and moderator. Dr. 
Robert Daigneault from Student Health Services will be 
available to answer your questions on cancer and cancer 
prevention on Thursday, April 25 from 1-2 in the North 
Conference Room. Call 452-2419 for more information. 

Rally for Lab Animals 
Students Organized for Animal Rights, People for the 

Ethical Treatment of Animals and Animal Rights Coalition is 
sponsoring a candlelight vigil to protest UCSD's killing of 
70 ,000 lab animals a year. Bring a candle and a friend . Lawn 
in front of BSB on Wednesday, April 24 from 8 to 10 pm. 

Biomedical Engineering Society 
The club wi ll attend the FASCEB convention in Anaheim 

on Wednesday, April 24 and Thursday, April 25 . Interested 
students should attend the meeting on Tuesday, April 23 
from 3-4 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge (or call Quon 
Dinh at 279-7482.) 

Society of Women Engineers 
Monday, April 22 from 6-7:30 pm in 2102 Urey Hall. The 

topic "Working as an electrical engineer" with Ms. Carolyn 
Chalmers and Ms. Pilar Umnuss will speak about their work 
at Loral Instrmentation . Also elections will be held for new 
officers. All members are encouraged to attend . 

DANCE-A-THON 
Raise funds for the poor in Mexico and San 
Diego by dancing. Eight hours with SDSU and 
USD. This is the first of its kind between the 
three colleges. Stop by the tables in the plaza 
for more info or call x4450. 

Attention Meal Card Holders: 

Meal Skip for Africa 
Thursday, May 2. Sign up this week 
to have one mears cost donated to 
feed the world. 

~~Seeing Red-' 
Frid~ly. ,\pril l('1 III IIJ! I Lr: 

7 .l \ 1 r") 111 !'I~ I "l 

Student Organizations Appreciation ' 
Banquet coming soon. Watch for 

YOUR invitation!!! 

Cirel K presents 

"Harold and Maude" 
Thursday, April 25 at 7,9, 11 pm 
USB 2722 $1.75 at the box office. 

Attention: Gym' Steps now 
available for NOON concerts. 
Contact UEO for details 
x4090. 1st come 1st served. 

The UCSD Speech and Debate Team 
The Speech and Debate Team meets Wednesdays, 5:30 

?m in USB 4030. Tournament, Saturday, April 27.Join now 
and prepare your event in persuasion, informative 
s peaking , oral interpretation , impromptu and 
extemporaneous speaking. Entries must be in by 
Wednesday, April 24. For more information contact Chris 
Ribeiro, director, at 469-2437. 

'I , 

UEO and the AS Sun God Festival proudly present 

Los Lobos 
Friday, May 10,8 pm, UCSD Gym 
Advance UCSD Student SalE this week only! 
Limited number of UCSD student tickets at $3.50! 
General Admission and Day of the Show $9.00 
General admission and ricker ourler sales begin April 29. so buy your tickets 
before it's too late! 

UCSD Open Hous~ 
Sunday, May 5 from noon to 5 pm 

Art and entenainment, international foods, lectures, College 
Bowl finals, 10K/Fun Run and breakfast, Renaissance Faire, 
School of Medicine displays/exhibits, Cinco de Mayo festivities, 
Campus tours, Scripps Institution of Oceanography displays, 
Life Right helicopter, free parking, services for the disabled, free 
shuttle bus to Scripps Institution of Oceanography, free 
swimmingin the new SOm pool. For more information call Tom 
Rutter, 452-3800. Please join u's. 

A new fraternity 
Meet the Sammies (sigma Alpha Mu) at 7:45 pm on April 

22, 1985 in the Revelle Informal Lounge. Coffee and donuts 
will be served . 

Think about it. 
Internships are a great way to get valuable work 

experience and prepare yourself for the real world after 
graduation. Stop by the ASIO office to see the internships we 
have available and apply now for a summer internship. 
We're open 9-3 pm daily. 452-4689. 

Attention waterskiers 
Mandatory meeting for all members and anyone else 

iterested in joining. We will be filling committee positions, 
planning our weekehd trip to the Colarado River, taking 
sign-ups for various excursions and discussing the new 
UCSD competitive ski team. Refreshments are provided and 
everyone is welcome. Come find out about the fastest 
growing club on campus! Tuesday, April 23 at 7 pm in RCR. 
For more info call Tailey 455-1003. 

International Forum, Focus on China 
Dr. Susan Shirk, Associate professor of political science at 

UCSD will present a discussion on "Economic Reform in 
China." Discussion followed by question and answer 
session. Tuesday, April 23 at the International Center 
Lounge at 7:30 pm. Free admission and refreshments. 452-
3730. 

Monday. Apnl 22. 1985 11 

III , 

Food Co-op 
Now in summer fruits. Red delicious apples, 
mineolas, d'anjou pears. M-Th 8:45-6. F 8:45-4. Sat 
10-3 pm. All organically grown. 

Asian Awareness Week will be a blast 
.. . but only if we have your help! Volunteer for none of 

UCSD's largest cultural events, corning May 6. Visit the APSA 
office in the student center, 10-4 pm weekdays or ca11452-
2048 . Absolutely no experience necessary, just warm bodies. 
Gado Gado at the Che 

It is delicious and delightful and it's our all you can eat 
special this Wednesday from 5-7 pm. Don't forget about our 
smoothies during the hot weather or Espresso hours 7-10 · 
pm. Come volunteer and earn food credit. 

Come hear about IBM 
On Tuesday, April 30 at 7 pm, IBM will be giving a 

presentation concerning career opponunities in their 
company in HL 1438. This discussion should be of special 
interest to Economics and Management Science majors. 
Refreshments will be served. This discussion is sponsored 
by the Economics and Management Science Students 
Association. 

RISC'y Buisness 
Are you seriously interested in orgamzmg ski club 

activities? Do you have the time and want to make the 
committment? The ski club ofUCSDwill be having elections 
May 15. The offices available are: president, vice-preSident, 
treasurer and secretary. If you are seriously interested you 
must tum in a letter of intent to run into the ski club office (at 
Canyonview) no later than Friday, May 10. 

Israel Independence Week 
Celebrate Israel's 37th birthday with the following events: 

Free Movie - "Operation Thunderbolt" the spectacular 
rescue of hostages from Entebbe Airpon on Monday, April 
22 in TLH 107 at 7 pm. Falafel Sale and Israel Information 
Day - join in the festivities with food , balloons, music and 
lots of info about Israel. Wednesday, April 24 on Revelle 
Plaza from 11 to 3 pm. Oneg Shabbat - Meet friends in a 
relaxed Jewish atmosphere. Friday, April 26 in Revelle 
Informal Lounge at 6:30 pm. More to come on April 29. For 
more info call Micah at 587-0942. Sponsored by the Israel 
Action Committee and ASUCSD. 

Third College wants you 
Get involved with Third College leadership. Apply in 

Third College Dean's office for various positions. Judicial 
board, media board, financial aid representative and more. 
Application deadline: April 26 , 1985. 

Cancer Exploratorium 
Come be screened for skin cancer and get hand on 

experience with the prevention of skin, lung, colo-rectal and 
genital cancers. The Exploratorium will be at: Revelle Plaza 
on Monday, April 22 from 11:30 to 1:30. MOM on Tuesday, 
April 23 from 11:30 to 1:30. Peterson Hall on Thursday, April 
25 from 11:30 to 1:30. Call 452-2419 for more information. 



Emerging Writers ' Series 

The Shopping Mall 
Karl Roe.sler took top honors In the 

UnlVelslty oj Califonlla's Earl) Unlvcr-sr 
SClen(e FICtIOn wntlng cOlllfXlIli0I1. He ha 
beePI freq uently Ie/ectcd jar the BIrdcage 

Revie\~ anthology The GuardIan \\11/ pnllt 
his ~mllling sCIence fIctIO n 5101) 111 a jwurc 
edukJll 

By KARL ROESELER 

T ODA Y WE VISIT A SHOPPING MAll. One member of our parry is a woman who spent her 
chIldhood in the region. ThIS woman 
has powerful memories of the field upon 
which the shopping mall was built. As 
we stroll across the asphalt parking lot 
she describes a particularly dramatic 
moment of her fifth year when she was 
chased through the thick yeDow-brown 
grass of this field by an angry goose . 
She points to the cement foot of a light 

I POSt on Parking AIsle "H" to show where 
the goose first sta rtled her. She explains 
to us that she had never seen a goose 
before and how she had mIstaken the 
goose for a duck. We enter the chrome 
and glass doors of the largest 
department store. The woman points to 
the cosmetic counter to the side of the 
store's escalator: this is where she 
believes she was rescued . The fanner's 
dog leapt orr the tractor and darted after. 
the goose. Another member of our group 

. was once a farmer and wants to know 
what was grown here but the woman 
does not remember. 

We stand around the cosmetic 
counter and stare at the glass 
countertop. One member of the group 
tells us that she was the first woman to 
drive a bulldozer in this region-she 
knows this from the roster in the union 
hall-some of us arc surprised and stare 
at her as if we had never seen her 
before which is natural, after aU , since 
we are' a newly-formed group and many 

of our members are not yet fa miliar wi th 
one another-some of us are not 
surprised but wonder why she chooses 
this moment to tell us her profession-
some of us are not surprised and are 
not at all curious and conti nue to stare 
at the shiny metal tubes in the glass 
case before us. 

Our group stands silent around the 
cosmetic counter. 

Then abrupt conversation: 
"Why doesn't somebody try to sell us 

something?" 
"Do we look like touriSts?" 
"Imagine! A dozen customers at 

once!" 
"What's wrong?" 

"Our tuxedos are grubby? Our shoes 
unpolished?" 

"We have no leader ... . " 
We all tum to look at the little bald-

headed man with his hands clasped in 
front of him . his bowler hat held by the 
rim inberween his fingers. He is the 
only member of our group with a hat. 

"What do you mean?" we ask. "Do we 
need a leader?" 

"Yes," the little man nods at the huge 
display bottle filled with liquid so dark , 
yet golden, that many of us suspec t it to 
be rum. "We've missed important scenic 
pleasures ." 

"Already?" We cry. "So soon?" 
"Yes. yes." 

"What exactly?" 
"The parking lot .. . " and the Iiule man 

turns on his heels and takes swift 
strides to the glass and chrome door. 
We see him place his hat on his head 
and push open me door. We see him 
stand at the curb of the sidewalk, one 
foot tapping the concrete . 

We mumble and shuffle behind him. 
On our way out the door, one of us 
points to a pretty woman in a purple 
blouse who now stands behind the 
cosmetic counter and rubs a dust cloth 
over the top of the glass case, 

'" '" '" As we journey across the parking lot, 
we pass two bushes and a tree 
surrounded by an oval cement curb. 
One member of our party stops and 
yeUs out. The rest of us also stop and 
gape at our colleague as she looks at the 
two bushes and the tree . We look from 
our colleague to the plants, from the 
plants to ourselves. 

"Are these plastiC?" The woman steps \ 
up on the curb and touches the lowest 
branch of the tree. "Doesn't feel like 
plastic." She wiggles the branch and two 
lea~s and a bug fall to the ground. The 
bug dashes under the nearest bush . "No, 
it 's not plastiC." 

We study this member of our group 
carefully. 

"I'm a poet," she explains. 
We tilt our heads to the side or 

quiver our eyebrows. 
She crouches and moves her hands 

over the top of one bush. 
We aD crouch down and pat the 

bushes. 
"It's not plastic, but it looks like 

plast iC . How did they do that?" 
"lots of care must be involved." 
"Gardeners." 
'Trained speCIalists." 
"Perfect, reaDy. What an idea! These 

plants matc h the environment here in 
the parkmg lot." 

"Brilliant. Simply briUiant." 
We nod in agreement and stand up , 

slappmg our hands against our legs, 
glancing at the httle man with the 

howler hat: he sighs and takes a 
purposeful ste p forward . 

'" '" '" We stand in a cir Ie around the light 
post of Parking AIsle "H." We stand so 
close to each other that our elbows 
nearly touch. 

"A leader would point things out to 
us ," says the liule man . 

"This lamp post already was pOInted 
out." 

We aD look at the lamp POSt and wag 
our heads. 

"For the wrong reason!" 
We squint at the light post. 
"Notice that gash in the cement! " 
We ee a twO inch diagonal cut near 

one comer. 
"Ah, yes ." 
"Beautiful." 
"And just look at those yellow lines 

pai nted on the asphalt." 
We see the ye llow lines. 
"They're perfect." 
"Wonderful symmetry!" 
'" don't believe this field was ever 

planted. Nothing but weeds when I 
leveled it." 

Our new joy leaves us and agai n we 
begin to mumble. 

The little man stomps his foot and we 
fall silent. "Look over there." He points 
to a blue car parked in the next aisle. 

We run to the blue car and cluster 
around it. The paint seems old : the 
color is p ale as if dusty over most of the 
surface, although in the smaD crevasses 
of the car's smooth metal folds the paint 
is the bright blue of comflower!>. 

The car is empty. No people sit in the 
car. 

The car is from our state and the 
license plate is so crooked that is seems 
ready to faU out of its frame. 

The car is not centered in the space 
berween the yeDow lines: the left front 
tire rests partially in the next space. 

We might suspect that the car 
belongs to one of the members of our 
group had we not arrived together in 
the bus. 

"Look. The rubber of one windshield 
wiper is cracked ." 

"The front tires are worn unevenly." 
"A child's lOy! " 
"Where?" 
"A stuffed rabbit !" 
We lean closer to the car, press our 

hands and faces against the windows. 
"Cigarette ash." 
"Three pen nies!" 
"Rip in the back seat! Do you see?" 
"A paper clip on the floor!" 
"Used kleenex !" 
"The front window on the dnver's 

side is broken." 
"'ncredible .. how do you know?" 
One woman taps the back wmdow. 

"Sec there, on the noor, the knob " 
We admire the piece of broken 

handle. 
Just then a cough booms behind us . 

We peer at a large woman who clutches 
three paper sacks with one arm, Jingles 
her keys with her free hand . 

Three of us move away from the 
driver's door. The woman does not look 
at our faces; she holds one key out from 
the rest, taps the lock twice before 
sliding the key in. 

As she opens the door, the little man 
says, ·Wait! Wait a moment, please. 
What do you have there?" 

The woman looks at his hat. "What 
do you mean? In here?" 

"Yes. In the bags." 
"Things I've bought." 
"What things?" 
"Different things." 
"Are those things gifts?" 
"'No." 
"What are they then?" 

~A towel. A robe. Some perfume." 
"Perfume ?" 

The home of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

§ 
~ ~ /.(~l)OIIaldlm I j £f\- J{lOIL. 

UCSD - -L-----;;:,,,,,mar ~d 
~1I'iDr I 7140 Miranlar Rd. San Diego 
I&....J!III!.~!-~!-~------------------!!!!!!I!!!!!_~ ..... l1 PA..'""{ - ALL AMERicAN MEAL -- ·7~ 
III.: Y Quartl'r Puundl'r ' wilh Cheese, LarKe Fry, \!.::. Ii - M.·Jium-Sizc Soft Drink Caohvalut 110::-7:, II 
II Lll11lt ,In, ""UP" 11 p,1 J $ II II ~u,tl)mer . p~r VI.,I( l'k'.I".. • US t 1.9911 II pre sent cou p on \\ hCIl II urdcnng. .'101 ",llld WJlh .111) (plus ta",) 
II Ill her " Ikr Only at: II 
II 7 140 Miramar RJ , II 

t@l GOOd'hrn.nDi·'"fJ"'_i ~ " PI+ May 22 , 1985 I_~ 
------- ---------

"Yes, from roses." 
"What's in this bag?" 
"Food." 
"What kind of food ?" 
"Potato chips." 
"Old you buy these things from the 

same store?" 
"Of course not." 
"Did you come here because there are 

many stores under one roof?" 
0 ." 

"Did you know what you were going 
to buy before you came here'" 

"No." 
"Why did you come here?" 
"I always ome" 
"Every day?" 
' No. bUI often." 
"When WIll you eat the potato chips ?" 
"As soon as I get home " 
"Will you wear your new robe as you 

eat the potato chips? Will you dab a bIt 
of perfume beneath your ear as you 
snack?" 

The woman smiles "Perhaps." 
"What will YOIl do with the towel?" 
"J'll wash It ." 
"Is it dirty?" 
The woman broadens her smIle. "It 

will be." She bends into her car and 

Ma'lday, Apnl 22. 1985 13 

places the paper sacks onto the fl oor in 
front of the passenger's scat. Still 
smiling, she closes the door and starts 
the engi ne. We step away from the car 
and watch her shift into reverse , then 
drive away. 

The little man clasps his hands 
behind his back and rocks from side to 
side . "A leader," he says, "would make 
discoveries ." 

"Perhaps we not onl}' need a leader, 
but a native guide as well." 

The liule man shrugs. 
We survey the area around us: 

hundreds of car wmdows glmer in the 
twilight of the parkmg lot We reahze 
how enormous our project becomes. 

"At this rate, we'll never step inside 
the toy store." 

"We won't have time to ride aImlessly 
o n the escalators." 

"Or browse the shelves of the camera 
shop." 

"Or even catch another glimpse of the 
pretty gi rl at the cosmetic counter" 

"let alone stand m hne at the 
ashier's desk " 

The little man grins at the sprawling 
building on the horizon as if pleased 
\vith himself ~ 

Write for 
Perspectives 

contact 
Christopher CanDle 
Perspecrives Editor 

452-6580 

tl,.Lt A-HJ1i ~ :>'1)' ~~r senI'Ce 
~ ..... ~ INCLUOfS: , Contact lenses, $t~~ examination, patient training, follow up, 
'\ 

chemical care kit 

~With '15tU~dent 1.0. and fitting. ~TENOEO WEAR LENSES ONLY $265.00 
THE CLASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0 ,0 , 

la Jolla VIllage Square 
452-7374 

Fashion Valley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 , 
UniversIty Towne Centre 

457·4791 



I f 

Triton golf climbs to Division III prominence 

FORE! (Three, two, one) 
By ROBERT HASWELL 

A s THEY APPROACH the crucial final third of theIr schedule , the UCSD men's golf team 
is playmg their best golf of the year. 
Winners of their last SIX matches 
includmg wms over nationally ra~ked 
Division I power USIU, and Division 1Il 
rival Universlly of Redlands, the Tritons 
couldn't pick a better time to peak. This 
past weekend the [ritons were favored 
to win the college dl\'lSIOn on the 
prestigiOUs 25-team UnIversIty of 
Southern CalifornIa Intercollegiate 
ChampIonshIp tournament, which was 
played at the T nton home course 
Torrey Pines The achIevements df thIS 
year's club mark the culmination of a 
Six-year buildIng program spearheaded 
by head coa h Mike Wydra. 

When Wydra Inhented the UCSD 
golf program SIX years ago, the object 

~sn't so much to win as 11 was JUSt to 
fIeld a team. "Getting six guys to show 
up to aU the matches was our main 
concem back then," commented Wydra. 
But slowly over the past few years, the 
T mons have chmbed to Division 111 
prominence on the nanonallevel. In 
facl, this year's club is led by sophomore 
Pat Weishan. Last year, as a freshman , 
Weishan ended up 11th in the National 
Championships and was picked as a 
second team AIl-AmerIcan. The rest of 
the Triton squad IS equally impressive. 
Mtke O'LaughlIn, an EECS major and 
honors s rudent, has turned in cons Istent 
scores in the low seventies all season. 
Kevin Lee, "Buz" Fulton , Shell Wheeler 
and Byrun Hay (Ihe last two both 
co ming to UCSD from the same home 
town in Minnesota-unbeknownst to 
the other) combine to make up what 
coach Wydra coined as "easily the 
longest hitting club in Division Ill." 

"We're playing JUSt super nght now," 
commented the Sixth-year coach. ' Pat 
(Weishan), Mike O'Laughlin and all the 
guys have been playing excellent golf of 

(Clockwise from above) Mike ~'Laughlin, Kevtn Lee and Shell Wheeler are part of what is, 
according to coach MIke Wydra , the longest hitting club in Division III." 

late ." Wydra's statements seem to be an 
embodiment of the understatement. By 
conSistently haVI ng five guys shoot 75 or 
less per round (an average of three over 
par for 18 holes), the Tritons have 
amassed some impressive wins this 
year. A slow start this season, in which 
the Tritons ran into a lot of Division I 
opponents early, has kept the Triton 
record around .500. But recent wins 
over Pomona-Pitzer and UniverSity of 
Redlands, matches in whIch the Tri[Qns 
set school records in low score at 371 
(top five scores counted), UCSD has 
established itself as the DiviSIOn III 
power on the West Coast. 

To find evidence of UCSD's 
dominance over the rest of the DIvision 
III field , one has to look no fUl1her than 
the Redlands match. University of 
Redlands has a reputation as a good golf 
school on the Division Ul level. They are 
expected to be UCSD's main rival in the 
selection of the West Coast 
representative in the NCAA National 
Championships to be held in Rochester, 
New York, the third week of May. The 
match shaped up to be a good one. As 
expected, Redlands played very well, 
shooting a school record 391. But the 
Tritons proved to be too much for 
Redlands, shOQ{ing their own school 
record of 371 (which is just II over par 
for five golfers), effectively demolishing 
Redlands by 20 strokes. UCSD wiU need 
matches similar to this in the final two 
weeks of their regular season if they are 
[0 make the National Championships. 

To be in such a position, considering 
the strmgem academic requirements 
here at UCSD, is a tribute to the 
character of these young men. Playing 
not for the recognition , or the roar of a 
large gallery, these guys characterize 
what it means to be an athlete . In doing 
so, they JUSt may receIve the recognition 
m the. National Championships, that 
sometimes accompanies 
achievement. ~ 

Monday, Apnl 22, 1985 15 

Women's tennis is getting excited about Nationals 

Reaching out 
By MATT ADAMS, Staff Writer 

T HE UCSD WOMEN'S TENNIS team had won ten matches in a row before stubbornly losing [0 
Division I foe Long Beach State·last 
Friday at Long Beach. The Tritons got 
back on the winning track Saturday with 
a drubbing of a weak Biola squad. The 
Triton squad is at the top of its game. 
Its only wony, as one long-time Triton 
tennis observer noted , is peaking too 
early. 

"That is always a question: number-
one seed Jessica Vemon said. "I just 
hope I don't lose the confidence I'm 
playing with now. Right now I am 
playing the best tennis on a consistem 
basis I ever have. I am especially excited 
about doubles. I know Nadine and I can 
win the individual doubles title at 
Nationals. We are playing so well as a 
team. Our communication on the coun 
has really improved during the course of 
this season . We know how to pick each 
other up and get through the tough 
spots. When one of us is down , the 
other is there to talk out the problem 
and be positive." 

The newly assembled number-three 
doubles team of "Minnesota" Maggie 
Merickel and "Monterey" Melly Sani also 

Registered Student~' and PQ5t Doc's 
"Cover your Bod" with 

Slc~ness and 
Accident Insurance 

Student ~lum· 553.00 
Spouse-S66.25 
Chlldren-S66.25 

'------- per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW until AprIl 28 
---- Inforrnation and applications are available or ___ _ 

Student Health Center. Q·039 • 452· 3300 
PI.as. not.: Revised descriptive brochures are O'II'Oilable at 
the Srudenr Health Center. The neIN broduP.s replcx:e any prior 
brochures describing the 1984-1985 UCSD Srudent ~ 
Pion undelwritten by Atlanta Inremorionol Insuronce Company 
under Policy No. AH01965. Ally brochure rhot does not have 
the noration I\EV.BRO.ED.9/84 AH019~ ~ no longer in effecT. 

Got the 
128K blues? 

Get a 512Kit! -

Mem?ry upgrades for your Macmtosh'''' 
Kit 1 -- Instructions, Adapter S i9 9~ + tax 
Kit 2 -- above + gold sockets $ 5'\ 9~ + tax 
Kit J -- above + RAMS S 18995 + tax 
Installed and Tested only $ 29995 + tax 

( CllI for Nlmbff of 10CII) thclntod\ I. Authorll:.d hvtellf't II I tueSf'mllk 01 

/ 

Applf' Computf'f 
(619) 7~~-7827 

I 11569 SOfJ'f'nto Vall.y Rold SUIt. 14 V Sin Dsf'~o . CA 9Z I Zl 

stressed the importance of good 
communication. Sani commented, ' We 
never get down on each other. We can 
always coum on thal positive and 'up' 
attitude from each other, and that's 
important because so much of this game 
is mentaL" 

Coach liz laPlante's squad has been 
blessed with relatively good health this 
season. The number-two player, Glenna 
Moses, is recovering from the flu but 
promises to be rested and ready for 
action by next week. The only player 
with a serious problem is Vernon's 
doubles parmer, Nadine Akimoto. 

Akimoto explains, "I have a chronic 
stretched ligament in my left ankle. 
Working hard recently in practice, I 
have gotten a sore right foot. But I don't 
think it's anything serious." Why not 
take a couple days off as coach laPlante 
has suggested? "I'm playing much better 
right now than 1 was in mid season. I 
can't Sl:Op or slow down. [ really don't 
feel either leg while I'm playing. It just 
hurtS a little after the match. There are 
only three weeks left in the season. I 
can make it." 

The Tritons will be tested again today 
when they square 01T against Division I 

OrT 
catnPUS recreation 

opponem USD. The Tritons beat the 
Toreros earlier in the season (8-1 ) for 
their first-ever victory over the 
crosstown rival. This should prove to be 
a good tune-up match as UCSD 
prepares for post-season tournamem 
play. ~ 

In coday's match against USD, Bngid Rea 
should be the one to watch. 

Sign up and details at x4OJ7 
Canyonview Administrative OfIices 
Department of Ptwslcol Educallon 

·4 -



16 Monday , Apnl 22, 1985 

~ '"~'' ' 

Remember when 
boys wanted to grow 
up to be President? 

Now everyone wants 
to grow up to be a 

GUARDIAN 
SPORTSWRITER! ! 

Call Alicia at 452-6580 and start living 
the life of an investigative journalist. 

~STERDAM 
(\Z: LONDON 
WNDON ...... 1649 

N(1N ITOP lH 
AMSTERDAM ... 1675· 

f1 IRECT rx · I ~ 
Into WNDON, 
Out of AMSTERDAM •. $700 
Into AMSfERDAM, $ 
Out of WNDON •.• . 700 

5 & 10 
RENT .. A-CAR 

• STUDENTS. STAFF • 
• FACULTY. 

WELCOME 
QUALITY 
PRE~OWNED CARS 

CREDIT CARD 
-OR-
CASH 

EveryTI calculator comes with 
. one extra number. 

CALL TODAY FOR INFO. 
280 .. 9336 

1-800-TI-CARES 
When you buy a Texas 
Instruments calculator you 
don't just buy a calculator, you 
buy Texas Instruments' com-
mitment to quality. 

It's a commitment backed 
by a fully developed service 
network that includes the 
above toll-free number you can 
call from anyplace in the 
United States. 

If you have any applications, 

operations, or service question , 
call us Monday thru Friday 
between 9 am and 4 pm CST, 
and we'll be glad to help. 

If your calculator needs 
repairing, we'll direct you to 
one of our 46 conveniently 
located service center for an 
immediate exchange. Under 
warranty, it's free. If theres no 
center near you, we' ll do it all 
by mail. 

Of course, there's just one 
catch. It has to be a Texas 
Instruments calculator. But 
then, if you're as smart as we 
think you are, why wouldn't 
it be? 

TEXAS'" 
INSTRUMENTS 

Creating useful products 
and service for you . 

XE ROX' 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

o 
perc~ 

for volume JobI 

FREE -COUAnNG - PAIIICINCi 
- PlClCUP/DEl.IVEIV (with minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6111 Ave., SD. 
231-1676 

Monday, .ApnI22, 1985 17 

Track and field doesn't exactly bask In the limelight 
Racing with the Moon 
By TOM FERGUSON 

T RACK MAY NOT BE one of the major spectator sports at UCSD. but it deserves recognition 
due to the outstanding efforts of the 
athletes who participate. The UCSD 
track team is not affiliated with any 
particular conference; therefore, they 
participate in "open-competition" 
invitationals and relays with other 
schools, in which, according to Coach 
Andy Skief, "good clubs bring out the 
best in us." The Tritons recentlr 
competed in a dual invitatio(la in 
FuUenon and , despite horrible 
conditions (smog hazard and 
temperature factors) , Skief said they "did 
fairly well individually with sensational 
times and outstanding races." The 
women's 4oo-meter relay team broke the 
previous UCSD record for that event. 

Coach Skief indicates that there are 
more veteran returners than freshmen, 
which in a way is "more bad than good, 
because they (the seniors) are leaving." 
However, he says thaI he has a very 
strong underclassmen group, especially 
the pole vaulting team, which consists 
of aU freshmen and no upperclassmen. 
They are all vaulting at 13' or more, with 
one individual, Tom Kim, vaulting at an 
exceptional 147". Kim lacks five inches 
to qualify for the NCAA national 
championships (15 feet) . Another 
freshman, Kevin Vallance, is threatening 
to break the men's high jump record for 
UCSD (6'8") with a present best of 6'4" 

qualified for the 3000-meter run in the 
firsl Triton meet, and has missed the 
requirement for the 5000-meter race by 
three seconds. She said that she is 
looking forward to the nationals and is 
"excited to have good standing." She 
hopes to make AlI·American in her last 
year of track (she already has twO AlI-
American titles in cross country) 
Another individual close to the nationals 
is Chris Bollus. who i, doing 

outstanding in the men's 5000- and 
15,OOO-meter runs. Senior Pat Huoll is 
expected 10 qualify for the men's 800-
meter race, but, according to Skief, "it's 
up to him whether or nOl he wants it." 
Others who are close to the NCAA finals 
are : sophomore Dorit Fehrensen in the 
BOO-meter women's race; junior Chris 
Thomas in the steeplechase; and junior 
Bobby Hoffman, who is presently 
injured , in the men's loo-meter. 

One of several T ntons destined for 
natIOnal competition is Bobby Hoffman. 

There is still plenty of rime for those 
individuals to qualify for the NCAA 
championships. Stempien agrees with 
her coach in that "we are a lot beuer 
this year. .. there's more depth in all 
areas (track and field): and adds that 
she wishes there were more women to 
be competi tive . 

Kim Stempien would also like 10 
extend her congrarulations [0 the men's 
cross country team, which was chosen 
as one of a few California teams [0 go to 
the national championships. They 

There are several others who have 
qualified, or are close to qualifying, for 
the NCAA championships a.t the end of 
the season . Senior Kim Stempien 

Freshman Kevin VaUance is threa tening to high jump hiS way to a new UCSD record. ended up finishing the best out of the 
California schools. E:l 

. 

A TIENTION ALL UCSD 
FACUL TV, STUDENTS, AND STAFF I 

THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
INVITES YOU TO VISIT ITS 

NEW FULL-SERVICE 
VlDEO-CASSEnE RENTAL 

AND SALES CENTER . 

YOU'LL FIND WE OFFER THE FOlLOWING 
UNBEATABLE CONVENIENCES 

• HANDY PICK-UP AND REn.JRN RIGHT ON CAMPUS 
• NO DEPOSIT NEEDEDI (with student. faculty ex staff i.d,) 

• NO FIGHTING TRAFFICI • NO PARKING HASSLESI 
• NO WAITING IN LONG UNESI 

• NO SUNDAY RETURNS 
• \lISA AND MASlERCARD ACCEPTED 

• VHS VCR'S FOR RENT 

AND JUST LOOK AT THESE COMPETITIVE RATESI 
REGULAR ALM (weekdays) ........................ . $3.50 PER DAY 

N~ RELEASES (weekdays) ............... . , ..•.. . .. , $5.00 PER DAY 
VCR RENTAl.. ...... .... ... .... .... ........ . , ....... $10.00 PER DAY 

SPECIAL WEEKEND BONUS OFFERI 
PICK UP ON Am FRIDAY AND 

RETURN BEFORE 3 PM THE FOLLOMNG MONDAY: 
ONE FILM (NEW OR REGULAR) ......•.. $5.00 ONLY FOR THREE DAYS 
FOUR ADDITIONAl.. FILMS .. ••..... ...... $2.95 EACH FOR THREE DAYS 
VCR ........................ • ....... $20.00 ONLY FOR THREE DAYS 

CALL 452-3844 

--,,--I11IIIII1II111111 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
Financial Aid Deadline 

1985-86: 

MAY 1, 1985 
This is a reminder to all who want to be 

considered for financial aid for 1985-86. The 
deadline to complete your fmancial aid file to 
be considered for aid for all three quarters of 
1985-86 is May 1, 1985. It is your 
responsibility to know the required 
documents and submit them by this deadline . 
If your file is completed after May 1, you will be 
considered for winter and spring quarter 
financial aid only. Depending on the 
availability of funds, late applicants may not be 
fully funded. 

Student Financial Services strongly urges 
you to complete your file as soon as possible to 
be considered for fall quarter aid, thereby 
avoiding the inevitable last minute rush. 

DO IT NOW! 



., 

. -

Religious 
MOND.\Y-fllllDI\Y 
1100 ...... - Catholic Mm. Sponsorl!d by the 
CatholIC COOVI'lJnity at UCSO. /n the Ul~"', Lutheran Church. >T~' -'7 
MOND",Y 

7~ pili - Asian ~Ican Christian 
f'riowstlP-Tonight, ~ lillill ~ a Bible st~ 
on the s~ "Fear and NWe!y." P~iISf! come 
::. ~~~~/oyethatdr~OUtall 
Cernr llJildi B RoomoftheStudmt ng . 
... pili - XII Christian Felh ........ Meeting. /n P&l 2330. -~~ ." 
n.sDAY 7_ pili - T~ Ni9'lt Disruss/on Group Thi 
-ec's topic Art! you an NlMiItI!d Catholic 7 ~ 
~~ ~ SOI'I1f!One who is? ~uld you Nkt! to talk 
auuu, It? CClmI! to our Tuesday night diSWSSion 
nett TUf!Sday at 7:30 ., the Catho/Ic lounge at the U1~ Lulhffiln ChurCh. Sponsorl!d by the ~IC Studmt Coorcinatots. 
--aMY 
.... pili - StUdMt SuPPf!l' hostI!d by the ~ at UC:SO, 1b/1owI!d by BIbIt! snq. of the Go~ .of Jam. ()pf!n to all. /n the lounge of the 
l.hiYtrsity Lutheran Churct1. nett to ~~ CO/IegI!. 
7100 pili - /ntl!r-Varslty C/Yistfan Fe/bwshi 
me«s -:r W~ night at 7 pm/This wJ: 
we iIfP tilkng a flf!j6-~ to IIisJt Revellt!'s /ntonnal lo~. PleilSf! bring your slgnI!d pmnisslon Slip 
M'ld a sack kinch/ Bmg your tnends M'ld ram;~ 
Bring your dog/ AbsoIu!f!ly ~ /s ~/ 
PIeiISf! join us b a good timf! of worstip and 
te/klwstip 
7".pIII - Bible ~: A time to ~ tht! 
meaning of God's Word in our daily iM!s 
Sponsorl!d by the Catholic Studl!r1t Coordinators ' 
In the Catholic L.oungf! of the Ul~1ty Lutt1t!r"'; 
CtlJrctl. 
... pili - ''What Is the Purpc= of Our 
Existence r Is presentl!d by Campus Pastor Jam 
Huber as a part or a Christian Inquirl!rS Semnar 
()pf!n to all. In the lounge of the U1ivf!rsity' 
Luthl!ran Church. 
10J00 Pili - Candlf!light Mm. Sponsorl!d by the 
Catholic COImIUnity at UCSO. /n the Chape of il'Ie 
UlIllf!lSIty Lutheran Church. 
THURSDI\Y 

~ pili -:, Unitl!d Campus Ministry Biblt! St~ 
on Romans INiIl meet for a Bar-B<l at the La -OIla ~res. Please call 45+3190 Ibr detaiis of what to 
bring. 
5J4S pili - Thf! Thursday DlnnI!r. Good food and 
grt!at co""""y. Sponsorl!d by the Catholic Student 
Coordlnators. I"Jso, an aftt!r dll'lOe' cookit! contest 
S2.oo donation. /n the tJnivI!rSity Lutt1t!ran Church VXJrm. . 
7100 pili - Ca~s Crusade for Chrlst~ 
hear students talk aoout their rf!lat/onstip lillith 
God. In BO<Ylf!I' Hall 2105. 
~TUllDAY 
... - - Trip to Knott's Bt!rry Farm. Mt!f!t in the 
Catholic lounge at 9:00 am at the U1ivf!r<itv 
Lutheran Church. - OJ 
SIOO pili - Catholic Mass Sponsorl!d by the 
Catholic Conm.mity at UCSD. In the U1ivf!rsity 
Luthl!ran ChurCh C~1. 
SUNDAy 
Il00. 911S, ~ 11100 _ - Episcopal Church 
WorstiP. SeflliQ: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fef/ollllS tip. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. Across ~ from 
least end of campus, north of La Jolla Village Dr nterS«tion of~. . 
... - - Catholic Mm, sportSOrt!d by the 
CatholIC COlTmlKllty at UCSD. In the Chapel of the 
Ulivf!rslty Lutheran Church. 
10100 - & 7100 pili - ~ sermon 56/es 
bl!gins on I John, presentl!d by Pastor John Huber 
All Wf!lcome. In the Chapel of the U1ivf!rsity' 
Luthl!ran Church. 
10110. - - Catholic Mass. Sponsorl!d by the 
CatholIC Community at UCSD. loWf!f I..eI!eI ~onference Room of the Studl!r1t Centl!r Building 
1.1I1S - - Book R~ew: Hans Kung's "Eternal 
Uff!'" foll~ by potluCk lunCh. All ~Icome In 
the lounge Of Ulivf!rslty Lutt1t!ran Church. . 
5100 ..... - Catholic Mm. Sponsorl!d by the 
CatholiC Community at UCSD. In the U1ivf!rtitv 
Luthl!ran Church. -OJ 
.,1S Pili - Episcopa/ Church WOrs/'ip St!lVice' 
Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan Eplscopa; 
Church. 4321 Eastgate Mail . 

Academic SeNices 
MO~Y""DAY 
~IIO pili - IXIhat can you do lillith JO.45 
ITllnutes 7 Thf! OASIS Reading M'ld Stu~ Skills 
Center has the ~I Cali for mort! information I 
In USB 40/0. 
"»4100 pili - SIGI. System of Interactive 
Guidance and Information Is a CO"llUter-based 
program of carel!r irrfbrmation designed to hI!Ip 
you clan~ your values and oa:upiltJonal interesrs 
For mort! information, come to Cal'el!r St!Mc~ 
Centl!r. In Hl 1058. 

h~ pili - Drop-In Hours. For QUf!St/ons 
pertAining to carel!r planning.job hunting. resu~ 
UltlQUing, t!tc. AppointrTll!rlrs may also be 
scheOJled in the morning by calHng Carel!r 5I!rvices 
Centl!r at 452-3750. At HL Room 1058. 
MONDAy 

- Grilduatt! School/law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a GrilC1Jatf!, Law or MBA dt!grf!f! 
program after UCSO? Ht!~ lillith actnisslon and 
~catlon questions today ~ appojntment only 
Call Cal'el!r 5I!rvices Centrr at 452-4939 br more ~11ed Inlbrmiltlon. In the Student Centl!r Bldg. 
- Interestl!d In the Ht!aIth Proff!ssions? ,6,(Msklg 

i!ppOjrltmenrs available br Qrel!r p/MYlIng and 
pre-profmlona4 SChool preparation. Call Carel!r 
St!Mcrs Centl!r at 452-4939 i'r actvana for an 
appointment, but no t!arlief' than one 1IIoftk. In the 
Student Centl!r Bldg. A 

~ .... - - Falling asleep CMr)'OUr books? 
Bt!hind rnyour fNding?Can't r«allwhat}'OU fNd 
2 wet!Ics ago? Then don 't rnss Con."et1ellsion & ~--.1. Tfc;::JI'liquf!) TIWC presentI!Cf ~ the ~"'I 452RNding2....... ~ SkUIs Centl!r. To sigl up 
.... - "<n. In USB 4010. ' 
1 ....... pili - MoCk Interview. Seeing and 
heari'rg }'OU1lf!If on Yideotilpl! can ~ put the 
flnlshl".g toucht!s on intt!rviewing skills 
Pr~site: /ntl!r\1t!wing Skills Workshop. Calj 
CiIff!I!r Services Center at 452-3750 to make an 
appointment. In Hl 1058. 
Z,OO Pili - On-Campus Interviewing 

/ 

Orientation, If you art! interesrl!d in partlcipati in ~ht! Carf!f!r St!rvices Ct!ntt!r's on-cam"gus ~4!Iiiewfng progiIITI !/'is quartl!r, it Is ITIiIf1datory 
t .)'OU ilttl!rld one of tfleost! workshops bf!fort! 

you ntf!l\llew. In the R~~ Formal lounge. 
2100-Il00 PfII - OASIS Brainstorming Session 
tlr Ut/French 10, 25, 50 classes. Reading and 
writing assignmenrs i1 the aboIIe classt!s lillill be 
dlsrusst!d in ordt!f to ~ studl!r1ts getll!ralr /cit! 
and co~t! an appropriate respotlSf! In us"; 

LP is prf!Sentl!d by ~ OASIS Writing Centl!r and 
the OAS/S Rt!ading CMtI!r. In Troga Hall 902. 
ZtOO,.... - A Future In Finance: Is It For YOU?':" 
ExpIort! Qrel!rS i1 ~!rom accou~ to 
llnanda/ ~is to investmenrs and IlirIldng 
Wm !rom a pant!I of profmlonals. Sponsorl!d ~ 
Carel!r St!Mce Centl!r. In the North ConfI!rence 
Room. of the StUdMt CentI!r Bldg A. 

407Q . 
IlOO pili - Finding the Hidden Joll Market ~ 
of iIIl pll vac.ande iIfP ~. Thr 
workshop will tt!iIch )'OU a way to lind out '~ 
~ ~edloby CareI!r 5I!rvices Center. /n the 

ZlICHIOO .... - Intl!restl!d in MI!dIdnf! or 
Dl!r-rlstry7 Drop-in acMsing in open sessions. In the 
Carel!r SefIIices Centl!r at the Student Center 
Building A 
.,00-.,.0 ~.. - Summt!r European 
BusIness/CuIt:Jral Stucies l'ro9'am: COIIII! ~arn 
about ttis surnrner SUJ~/tr-' Pf09'am basI!d In 
Pans n ol'rl!red by the EUIOpI!an UWerslty of 
Aml!rica. For lIrther inlbrmatlon contact Catherlnf! 
Ciarv10n In the OpportUnities Abroad otIIer 
x3 730. /n the In!l!rnatlona/ Centl!r loullgl!. ' 

'FUUIMY 
unge. 

10.00.1ZIOO PfII - How To Contentratr At 
WlU-E\Ie' wondI!r ~)QJ can't ~ When 
plan t07 laCk ot concrntration Is one otthr n:: 
ditrlClJlt and pers/stI!r1t problems COI~ students 
face. This workshop identifies the I'«tors that 
cisrupt If!arning. and pnMdes 
for conOatting thest! probIems~ ,:n:;: 

........... - Thf! OASIS GM fGrammar & 
MI!chanIa) Workstq) Is des9'1ed for studrro 
who wou!d like to work on clarifying basic 
grammatlQ/ concrpts and Qtego~ and 
appI)tng thI!rn i1 an ~, ¥tematIc ~ of 
practiCal I!IIerdses. An -as!! manual to be 
purchased ~ the student 'NIl/ lit! USt!d. All work 
wII/ be ~ In the aJrUxt of the workshop 
In USB 4070. . 

out your maximum eIbt When )IOU want to/ 
SporlsorC I!d by the ~IS RNcIing n ~ SkiMs 

enter. In OASIS ThIrd PIaa!. 
~oo - - On-Campus Intl!rVll!wlng 

ration. 1t)'OU iIfP IntI!rested In ~ In 
the Cart!t!r Sl!rvlct!s Centl!l"s on-CMnpus 
rnt~ P't9'am ttis quarter, it Is ~ 
that }'OU 0ittI!rld onr of ~ WOrkshops beforf! 
you 1nterWw. In ttII! "-I1f! InA:lnnaIl.oungI! 
1a.o.1M1 ,... - T/)'Ing to I7IBtI!r a ~ ~ 1iIge? lhI!rI. get somr IdNs about ~ 
TECHf~~';~by~ CiridH 
and Stua,. SkIlls Center. To S91 up caI/45~ 
At USB 4010. : . 
1 ...... ,... _ Thf! 12V'o._ """"" 
and II-This ,.... ... rot -~, ._iIITIl.I!\Ift / 

• vn.>I.> PlO!1am Ibruse on the 
ttinkklg skiMs }'OU need to successll~ ha1dIt! the ~~~iISSIglI!dln)QJrmulWS. 
r:,..,., ' h I~._ wtn want to perfI!Ict IhI!/r ~ yG - 'V""!I" sldlls. LP classes iIfP tauglt by 
reading and writing $pf!CIaIIsts and biHngJa/ tutors. 

The 
Weekly 

7100 .... - Nt!w CMHrJ /n HNIth Cart!. 
COtporale FIIness & Ht!allhPl'omotlon-ustSl toa 
parlI!/ of ptOfess/oNIs talk about careen In the III!fd 
IncIudr1g GIIdIac l'I!NbMII.b~ rurltion and 
1!lIeIdSI!~. ~ ~ CareI!r SefIIices 
Center. In the North ConfI!rencr Room of the 
SIudInt Center Bldg. A 
7", • II .... - An )QJ !1ncIng ~ at 
problem SI!IS IMth a lot cI -** pagI!" tilllf! 7 
n- in short QJtS-or I1'IIln! acrur~ mectlod5 
for stimulalng the "ah-ha, / get It" I'I1Dm!ntS M'ld 
CUttIng Q:)wn on !til! trne In ~ Don't spend 
I'I1CR tirnf! than )QJ flIIje to. ConrroI your work 
tImI! with the I1eW fIII!r1ng TEOilniQUf!/ TIWC on 
I'robIt!m SoMng ShoItcutS. In the I\Igo ~ 
loungI!. 
-DNaDl\Y 
",~raciJatt! SchooI/Law/MBA AcIvisIng. 
• _ .... '!I on a GtaciJatI!, UIw or MBA dt!grf!f! 
~am alter UCS07 ~ with acmIsslon and 
appIiation qusIons IDdiIy by ilppCJlntment only. 
UI Cal'el!r Sf!Mces CentI!r at 452-4939 Ibr mort! ~'ed InforrnatIon. In the StudMt CentI!r Bldg. 
..... " ... - - Intemtl!d In MedIcirII! or 
Dentistry? DIqHl acMsklg in open SI!SSions. In the 
Career St!MCI!S Centl!r at Student Center Bldg A 
10100 _ - Thf! Marketable ResooII! ~ 
If!arn how to construct a statl!-Of.tt1e-art ~ 
that will makt! you stand out from the crowd. in 
this ~ revisI!d workshop. SponsorI!Cf by Carel!r 
SI!rW:rs CentI!r. In the RevelIt! Formal lounge. 
1Z1OO-'MI .... - Do your test score ~ 
tDw much you know? If nor. lit! surt! to attend 
Clt!codIng Test O 's-TECHfniQUf!) T-'LJ( presentl!d 

~ the ~/S Rt!ad/ng and ~ Skills Centl!r. To 
sigl up, call 452-2284. At USB 4010. 
ZIOO ..... - Making Carf!er Dedsions. Too many 
choicrs1 It!arn an N5}' and ~ process Ibr 
choosing betwftn sMral CiTI!er options and 
SI!tmg ~ g;>aIs. An eccrllent tlIlow-up 
to !tlI! "ldentItyrlg Your Carl!l!r" ~rkshop 
Sponsored by Carel!r St!Mcrs Centl!r. /n the~,e 
Formal Lounge. 
THUBIMY 
-intI!restI!d In the Health Pr~? AIMsIng 
~lntn1enrs il\lailable tlr CiII'eI!r planning M'ld 
prr-pro~ SChool preparation. Cali Carf!er St!M~ Centl!r at 452-4939 i1 advance for an 
apporntment, but no Nrlier than onr~. In the 
Studt!nt Centl!r Bldg. A. 
.... 10110 - -Speed Reading-How do)'OU 
hanck ttTf!f! or blr courses In 2~ months? WIth 
madrrum rt!adIng eIIIc/ency/ln this CDUISf!, }'OU can 
~ to rut your ~ time in half for mort!) 
n I~ your co~ corantration 
and /'f!CiI//. This ~ COUfSl! Ibruses on Spred of 
co~1on Ibr UCSO univeIllty assiglments 
Sponsorl!d by the OASIS Rt!ading and ~ Skj~ 
Centl!r. /n the mrd Co"- PI'oIoost 0lIl- Room 127. "~lF~, 

1 •• 0 ~.. - On-Campus Intt!rvit!wlng 
OrientatiOn. "you iIfP Interestl!d in participating in 
the Carf!l!l' Servict!s Ct!ntt!r's on-campus 
~~ progam !/'is QUiIftI!r, it is mandatay 
u .. t you attend one of thest! workshops betort! 
you ~. In the R-'~ Infi:mnil/lounge 
'110:Il00 ..... - GrilOOatt! SchooI/LawJMBA 
AcMsing. PlannIng on a GraciJiU, law or MBA 
dt!grf!f! prC>gfam attl!r UCSD? Hl!lp with ~ions and application queaons p/NSI! aop 
., today. /n the StUdMt Centl!r Bldg. A 
.,00 pili - On-Campus Intt!rvlt!wlng 
OrientalKln. If you are ~tl!d i1 partldpatIng in 
the . Carf!er ~rvlcf!S Center's on-campus ~l!IIiewIng progarn this quartl!r, it Is II'1andatoI)' 
u ... t you iIttI!rld ant! of ~ workshops beIbrI! 
you i1tf!l\/il!w. In the RM!I~ FormiIloullgf! 
Z ...... pili - O<\SIS Brainstorning ~ 
for Ut/Fre-xtl 10, 25, 50 classes. ReadIng and 
writing ass/g1meI ots in the aboIIe cIasse IiIIiII be 
cJsrussed In ordl!r to ~ students genl!riltf!/cIt!as 
~~ an ipprcprlatr re5ponSl!. /n USB 
l'IftDAy 

Calendar 

.... '0 ... _ - Thf! OASIS GM fGrarl'1llW & 
Ml!Char!lcs/ Workshop i1 des/gnI!d for students 
IIIho would /1IIt! to work on clarIfYing basic 
grammatical concrpts M'ld Qtegorles, lind 
<!ppfying them ., an extensi\Ie, S}lStl!rnatlc SI!rIes ot 
practical ecerdses. An exerclS!! manual to be 
pur~ ~ the student will be USt!d. All work 
1M/I be ~I!d In the conrecr of the workshop 
In USB 40 70. . 
10lI0 - - /~f!Niewilg Skills ~rkshop. Do 
you need help ., preparing for j:lb intl!rVlews 7 
Carel!r SeflliCl!S CMtI!r 'NIII ptOV/dt! tips on the best 
W¥ to present)QJ qualifications M'ld what kind 
of ~ CJJestlons to ecpKt. In the R~~ 
Formal ~nge. 

Services/Workshops 
MONIMY ...... MY 
........ ,.. - Don't !J> IliId< to McOonaId's 
ttis SUIT1II1I!r. Get some REAl t!xperlencr-do an 
Internship ttis summer ttTOU9'l ASIO. Stop by our 
otIIer on !tlI! SI!COnd floor or the sllJdent crntI!r 
am- the gane room to lind out what's il\lai1il*1 
Application dt!adIInf! Is April 26. Our phonf! 
number Is 452-4689. 
MONDI\Y 
'1 .... Z... ..... - COIIII! meet Betsy 1Irt!ast. 
AdIm ScrOlUIh and be saeenl!d Ibr skin canCl!r ... 
All • ttII! Canar Expioratorium at ~ PIaa 
110m 1I:3()-2:OO. Get hands on ecpe:Iencr with . 
CancI!r Ph!\/e"ItIonl 51!!! you there. 
,2.0., ... ,.. -lI!t Go cI Stress and ReIIIc-
For ai/ UCSO 5tUdents, ttis !1OUP is des/g1ed to 
tsdl meenods cI r!!IaKing n dt!allng with stress 
wh/c:tl can be USt!d br a Iifrtirnf!. Techniques will 
Includt! breathing t!xt!rcises, Illoff!edllack, 
progressIIIe relaxation. autogenic training. guldl!d 
1rnagf!Iy, medtatIon, SI!ff-twnosls, M'ld dmr-
management. Meets eadl -ec this quartI!r. 
Students may attend all sessions, or drop In ID lIYY 
ant! of them as ~ lI!d by Maynard 
1IrusmIrI. MI!«5 at 1003 ~ 
,.... ... ,.. - Do you know what's I1eW In 

Recreation 
MOIIDAY-PIIIDI\Y 
-I'tJI!'d!er mates, mme'board. Get ~ with 

the Sali San Dif!go progriIITI. From crul5ing to 
racing, d/ngt1Ies, big boats. and sallboards. 
EIIeI)one wetcome. Get into San Dkgo's biggest 
and /TI05t aciting recrt!atlonal actMty. WrIte Ibr 
Information: UCSD Recreation Department, 
UC:SO, La Jolla, Ca. 92093. Mililcode 5-005. Or call 
CharNt! Gallmilnn at 27CH>503 or laurf!l Ot!an at 
452-4037. 
'NDDAY 
7110 ..... - SurfCiullmeeting ~aturing the World 
Arnatarr Champion shOwing a NSSA Doc:/ge 
promotional \/ideo ff!aturing footage from 
California. Hawaii, and Mexico. Wt! INiIi also 
disruss SilturdiPfs Mexico contest and our Sun 
God Festival Booth. At ~ Not Ht!rt!. 
IlOO pili - l£Ynton Marsalis Ouintf!t -virtuoso 

tru~f!tf!f who won Grammies for both 
S)"Il>l'klnic and jazz recordings plays with his 
quinte'!. ,o,oo,;ssion: General: 515.00; Studenrs and 
Senior Citizens: SIO.OO. At ttl(, Mandeville 
Auditorium. 
WllDNISDI\Y 
.tOO pili - Ali Akbar-Master of the sarod. 
presents an unforgettab/l! evening of Indian 
Meo~ and rt¥hm on the 25 string sarod. W~an 
Chauo.huri, tabla. At Mandl!vlllt! Auditorium. 
General Admission: 5B.00; Studl!r1rs, Senior 
Citizens and StaIf: 53.00. 
ntUIISDAY 
Sa ... tIO Pili - languq Tables: Come and 
practict! your French. Spanish or Gennan CNI!r 
dinner. All Interestl!d studl!nrs-especia/Iy fliItIIIf! 
spt!akl!rS art! most cordally Ir1IIitl!d. Dinner on meal 
card or cash tlasis. NatM! spt!ilk1!rS can I'laIIf! meals 
prov/dl!d-call 455-0157 for info. In the South 
DIning Hall cI the Reve/If! Cafeteria. 
.tOO ..... - II1lpIOIIisatIon Ouet-Electrk: Guitar 
and ~11fIed Flites. Jom ForMIIt! fFlitesl and 
Tom North fGuitar/ PI!rform at the Centl!r for 

~ic ExpI!riment, at 408 Warren Campus. 
~TUlllMY & ~Y 
7 ... _ - BadcpaCklng at Mounl San Jacinto: 
HI/dng. camping rl!laKi1g. IncludeS transportation, 
tents, dimI!r on ~, Sunday brf!akfast. and 
qual/llecl ~ It!adI!r. 5qI up and details at OCR at 

C~. At the Outcblr Ret. Equipment 
Rentallfoom oIt ~. 5:1).00. 

~TUlllMY 
.... ... - It's time to t.1Ice a brf!ak from classes. 
SSE has t!xpandl!d. lilt! are now ESSEX 
fEc1JcatIonaI/50dal Studl!r1t Extensionl. Wt!'rt! 
hailing a ~ crIdlration on Saturday, AprIl 
27, at the RevelIf! Cafetrrla from 9:00 pm to 1:00 
am. 54.00 br uc:so students with 10. TICkets iIfP 
set/ing at ttII! Bole omcr. Comf! n dana! to the 
heat or C~. S5.00 tlr all othI!rS. 
.... pili - Thf! Big Band Spring Swing to rock 
and rolM'ld bop)lOUr socks 0". EiJoy thf! big band 
tunes cI the UCSO .Jazz En5en1b1e !rom 9:00 pm to 
MktIigIlt and daner, dan<:I!, dance, WNr funky 
A:mnai. AdmIssion: SI.OO. S2.oo Ibr faculty and stall. 

birth control7 .. . A I1eW time for thf! Birth Control 
InIbrmation Sl!sslon. Drop by from 2-3 today M'ld 
join i'r our _1nIbrrnatIIIe and informal sesion ... 
and an whirs really I1eW i1 birth control. 
UpstiIiI5 at ttII! Student Health CentI!r. 
~Y 
.. ,...... _ - GraciJatt! Women In 
Hurnanitle-This is a ~ support!1OUP br 

~ women studmls In ttII! Humanities 
COIICI!ITItd with pI!rSOI'lII. profeslonal. M'ld 
acaderIic Issues. lI!d by MIriam 1osupcMvI. In Hl 
1003. 

'~ltOO .... - ABORTION .. . what Is}'OUr 
leI!Iing on the Issuf! 7 ~lNps it sokitlon might be 
~ birth contrOl usq basI!d on )'OUr 
indIIIiclIaI needs. Wt! hI!rt! at the Student Ht!aIth 
crntI!f o~ a birth contIOI InIbrmation session 
deslg'II!d to Worm you cI yaM' options. It's casual 
and conftdentIaI. 4JStai15 at ttII! Student Health 
Centl!r. 
"lICHtOO pili - Halle you been to !tlI! Canc.I!r 
ExpIorarorum71t's at MOM today from 1I:3()-2:OO. 
Come n /TlI!et Betsy IIrNSt Adam Saotum and 
be screened for sldn ca'lcrf'. Gt!t hands on 
ecpe!'1S1cr with ttII! prI!IIB1tIon of skin, lung. co& 

. ~I n genital cancrrs. 51!!! )'CU therel 
'IOo-Z,.O p.. - Gay/BIsexual Mt!n 's 
Counsf!llng Group-This is an on-gOing 

New 
Warren 
Weight 
Room -

contidl!r1tlai support !1oup for under!1aciJi1te men 
(JJest/oning thf!Ir secuaNty, as Wf!II as thoSI! who 
identify as gay/blsecUal. MI!«5 ~. Students 
can caI/Ieader, ~ Brady, at 452-3755, Ibr more 
intlrmation. or they canjust come to the group. In 
1003 H... 
..... SIOO pili - Workshops 0es/g1ed for 
ParS'ltS-A SI!rII!s cI b worIcstIops des/gII!d to 
ilaeilSl! parent ~ iIfP being oltered to 
aN uc:so students and ttleir spouses/partnI!rS. This 
ftrst workshop lillill Ibrus on StrI!SS RI!duction. 
Chiidcart! avallalllf! in Room 3875, Mt!sa 
Apartments. In the Mt!sa Apartments, Room 3999. 
4110 1.00 ,... - Thf! lestlian and llisecual 
Women's SUpport Group Is meeting I!\IeI}'Tuesday 
from 4:30-6:OO1sh. PIeiISf! join us or If )IOU can't 
make it call x2023 and ask about our othl!r 
Sl!r't'k:es. In the Women's Rf!source CentI!r. 
_DNaDAY 
..... '0lI0 _ - R«cNI!ring from Eating 
Dlsordl!rS fRED 1I1/~ Growth IilliU be the 
focus tlr partidpanrs cI ttWs !1OUP. It is designed 
for women who ~ CM!fcome anoreclc or 
buleITic piIttI!rnS. .Journal IMfting. psychological 
testing M'ld fe!dbaCk, M'ld retautlon M'ld IIIIiIgeI}' 
work lillill be used. lI!d by Bell HarjJ and Maynard 
Brusman. In the Warren Prowst's CClf1ft!rena 
Room. 

Organizational 
~Y 
.... ,.. - COITlf!):lin the Recycling Coop. Wt! 
need I1eW /T1ef1lbefS and /cIt!asI FI'f!e cinnl!rc1Jring 
ttII! meeting. At the Che C*. 
~Y 
.... 100 pili - Thf! Biomedical Ef9neI!rIng 
Sodety 'MIl attend the FASCES COf1\/I!rItIon In 
Anal'N!im. WeO'IesdIy AprN 24 n Thlrsday, April 
25. Intl!restl!d students should attend thr meeting 
on Tues$j, ,a,priI 23, from 3-4 pm In ttII! /!wek 
Informal lDunge or call auan 0Inh at 279-7482. 
WlDNllDAY 
4100 pili - Thf! Asian PacIf1c Student Ailiarlcr 
fAPSA/ Stf!erlng Commlttf!f! /TII!I!U _ry 
Wednesday at 4:00 pm i1 ttII! N'SA OIlIer at the 
Student Centl!r. If )IOU iIfP lntI!rt!stl!d In Asian 
wltures,)IOU art! _Icornf!. Ourolllcris open 10:00 
ilITI-4:OO pm weekdayS. COIIII! drop by M'ld chat. 
><204B. 

Monday. Apnl 22, 1985 ] Q 

1Z .. ' ... pili - WIle God cnRd man She 
was only kidding ... IXhlen Shf! ga'f! us birth 
control as an option Her timing was ftttIng. It!arn 
!tlI! contraceptille options ~ to you by 
attenctng a IlIrth control inIbrmatlon session g/III!n 
Ibr students by student5. Second Floor of the 
Student Ht!aItt1 CmIer. Z...... pili - RMMring 110m eamg 
Disordl!rs fR£D /1. ThIs ftrst-stagf! !1OUP is for 
students wtn iIfP beg/! • ling to ~ that they 
'- an eating disorder M'ld want to work on it, 
The central pLWJI05I! win be to !1adua/1y eIIlrinatr 
addIGItIIiI! beIlMors, and the relarlonst1ps of 
li!f!Iings i1 !/'is ll/ngf!/puI'gf!<)df!wII be ecpIored. 
led by Miriam 1osupoIIIci. MI!«5 at HI. 1003. 
....... ,... - Ht!adadle Management 
Group-This Is a !1OOP for SIUC:Iena who are 
chronic headache suf\'erefs. PartlcIpanU will an 
strf!SS ff!c1Jaion IrCt1nIques. as well as other 
headilcht! trt!atment proadure. Intl!rf!Sted 
students should caI/ ~ Mc:C/8/arl, at452-3035 
Ibr rrrorI! intlrmatlon about si!11Ing up. 
...... pili - ~ BlaCk Forum-A 
1IIoftkly, 1nA:mnai dsoission!1OOP on the Issues, 
corums, and ttII! quality of IHIe of the BlaCk 
comrrunity at UCSO. ThIs is an on-goIng!1OUP and 
students c.Yl join at lIYY timf!. Cal INdI!r Ptil 
Raphaf!/ at 452-3035 1f)'OU ~ lIYY QUl!St/ons; 
otherwisl! the c.Yl just CD/I'1e to the goup. Met!fs in 
the Mountain V1t!w I..oungI! in ThWd CoIlegf!. 
4cJO 1.00 ,... - f'II!ase join us for our Ft!mInist 
DisaJssion Group. e-y wecr.esday from 4:30-
b:OOish. If you can't make thf! !1OUP teel ~ to 
drop in anytime. In the Women's Resource Centl!r. 
TN"n",y 

11~Z"',... - TocBy Is your lAST CHMICE 
ID meet Adam Scrocum, Betsy IIrN5t M'ld be 
sal!en4!d Ibr skin cancer. Don't rnss the <:.lCrr 
Exploratorium at ~ HaU 110m 1I:3CH:OO, 
n get hands on expe-Ience In the preYentIon of 
skin, lurlQ, col<Hec:ta/ and genital ca'lcrf'. 
I ... ZIOO pili - Do you stiM ~ u~ 
questions about Cancrr Prevention? \X.bJ1d )'OIJ jJst likt! to If!arn more about CiIflO!f' in general7 
Come to thf! Open Panel Discussion in the North 
Conferencl! Room of thf! Student CentI!r from 1:00-
2:00 todiJy and speak lillith Doaors: Sheldon 
Hend/I!r, Mt!1 Green, Robert DiIig1eauJt and 
.Joseph Garcia. 
.tOO ... pili - 0III!rc0mIng COIIllUlsiIIf! 
Eating-Nt! you tirl!d of saying you'ft! sony aftI!r 
)Qu CMrt!at? Tirl!d of fI!eIing !J.Iilty7lhen join this 

~ group t>r thoSI! who teet out or control with 
ther eating. In a supportille 51IIIrorvnent group 
partidpants lillill ~arn ways to t!liminate 

~1sIYt! f!ating. ThI! IbaJs lillill be on changing 
tletliIIIiors. thoughts and belieofs which pI!rpetIJiItI! 
this CD/IlIUIsion, and i"",CNIng ~ and 
seIf-llllilgl!. This !1OUP is not open to thoSI! who 
erpenence a binge/purge C)de or who !1eatly 
restrict thf!ir cIet. TemifIf! I'ortf!r, 452-3035 and 
DeniSI! ZImmI!rman, 4S2-3755,1eaders. CaIlOl1f!of 
the leaders for I1'IIln! details and to Sf!f! if the group 
will meet )'OUr needs. In 1003 HL 
... SIOO pIII-Gay/IIisI!XuaI Men and Women 
U1dergraciJate Students-If you need support 

~or want to talk about sauality corums, 
come to an informal riIP group for women and men 
students II!d by "-' Coun5f!Iors who I'laIIf! been 
theft!. For mort! Inbmation contact the If!aders at 
452-4297 or 452-3755, or, drop In ttII! ftrst group. 
led ~ Denisf! Norton and Kevin Ward. In 1003 Hl 
I'lllDAY 

~"ZtIO ,... - RecoYI!ring from Eating 
Disordl!rS fRED 1I)-ThIs level is ~ Ibr 
studenrs who '- already \MlrkecI on Nti'lg 
cfsordI!rS and iIff! wrrently in the proc.I!SS or gMng 
up the serious eating probIt!m. Forus lillill be on 
other areas of living wti~ ofrerlng support 
ttvou9'l this transitional time. LI!d ~ Bell Iiar)l M'ld 
Ot!nise Zimmt!rman. In Warren Provost·s 
Confl!rena Room. 
ZtOCHlOO .... - Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Group-Foe students who want hf!Ip in dt!aling 
IiIIith an alcohol or drug use problen1. ~hasis lillill 
!le un undI!rStanding the col11>fecity of thf! 
prolllem, identifying options, making a 
convnitment to change, and following throug1. 
I-tllTlf!WOl'k asslgr1menrs dnd group norms INiIi be 
established as part cI the group's n indivic1Jals 
program. Bt!fort! joining the !1OUP intl!restl!d 
students are askt!d to call Bt!cca at 452-3755 to 
make a shan appointment INith 0I1f! . of our 
counselors to Sf!f! if the group will meet thf!Ir needs. 
led by Dan Munoz. In the R~~ PrCNOSt'S 0IIice. 
J ....... pili - ~-Ied GiIy/Bisecua/ Men's 
Support Group. "-' counselors INd !/'is ~Iy 
drop-in support !1OUP. It is t>r malt! students who 
identify as being gay or bisexual, as Wf!II as for 
ttme who are elCI*>ring thf!Ir secuality. A !1eat 
opportUnity to talk with ott1t!r studenrs sharing 
similar COI1Cf!fT1S. ~ members can join at lIYY 
ome. Studenrs who ~ questions about the 
group call Carlos Nt!Ison or Df!metrius Df!Iacruz, 
peer counselors, at 452-4297; otherwise, tt1eycan 
)lst drop-in tlr the group. In HL 1003 

Lectures 
TUaDl\Y 
7aJO .... - Dr. Susan StWk. Associate f'roff!SSor of 
political sdencr at UCSO, will be presenting a 

,disrusslon on "Economic ~ i1 China". 
Oisrusslon followed ~ ~tIorV'answer session. 
Frf!f! refreshmentsl In the International Centl!r 
I.oungt! . 

photos by 
Kevin Foley 



18 Mu nday, Apnl 22, 1985 

Religious 
MONQAY ..... DAV 
1100 ~ - Cath:>/ic Mass, Sponsor~ ~ t~ 
CatholIC Community at UCSO. In the u,illl!rsity 
lutheran Church. 
~y 
7 .... ~ pm. - Asia1 Nnerlcan Christian ~hip-Tonigtlt, we Will tliJIIe a Bi~ stu"" 
on t~ Sull/«t. "~ar and Nudely." PIe~ oo~ 
and leam about the ~ Iovethatdr~outall ' 
• . In the North Confefmce Room of'''''' ~~ .~_ 
Center Building B. U '" ..........,. It 
ttOO PM - XA Christian ~14owship ~tlnn In P&l 2330, -.,.. 
n.sDAY 7" ,... ~ T~ Nigx DisClJSSion Group. This ~ s topic Are)'OU an Alienat~ CattloIic7 Do 

)OU ~ someone wt-o Is? ,",uld)'OU Hke to talk 
about It? Come to our Tuesday night d/sOJsSio 
nert Tuesday at 7:30 in the Catholic lounge at u:; ~~ lutheran CilJrdl. Sponsor~ ~ the 
....... lUoIC Studenlt Coordinators. 
MDNIIDAY 
.... PM - Student Supper rosted I:¥ the 
Lutherans at UCSO, ~/Iowed~ Bibles~oft~ 
Gospel of Jom. Open to all. In the lounge of t~ 
I..tliIIersIty lutheran Churcn. nert to ~Ie College. 
7100 PM - Inter-Varsity Christian ~Nowship 
meets -:y W~ rqtt at 7 pmI This ~ 
we are taking a ~Dl> to IIisJt ~Ie's Informal 
IDlWIge. PIe~ bri1g )'OUr signed permission sIi 
and a sack lunchl Bring)'OUr trIends and ram;:' 
8ri1g)'OUr ct>gl ~ ~ Is welcomel 
Please join us tlr a good time of worship and ~lklIMtip 
7".pm - Bi~ Study: A time to diSCO\ler the 
meaning of Go<rs Word In our daily ~ 
Sponsor~ ~ the Catholic Student Coordinators ' 
In t~ Catholic lounge of the u,'-'sity lulhera~ 
Church. 

~ pm. :- "'X/hat Is the Purpose of Our 
Existence 7 IS pres!'llt~ by canpus Pastor John 
Huber as a part of a Christian InquIrers Seminar 
Open to all. In the lounge of t~ lklillerSlty' lut~an Church. 
IChOO.pM - Can?lelight Mass. Sponsor~ by the 
CatholIC Commurutyat UCSO. In theChapelofi1'le 
U,lVt!!l'Slty lut~ran Church. 
THURSDAY 

~ pm -:, lklit~ Campus Ministry Bible Study 
on Romans WIll meet for a Bar-B<l at the La .blla 
Shores. Please call 45+ 3190 ~r details of what to 
bnng. 
II4S pm - The 1hJrsday Dinner. Good food and 
great oo~. Sporuor~ by the Catholic Student 
CoordInators. Also. an after dinner coolde contest. ~~IOn. In the ~tylutheran Crurch. 
7100 pm - Campus Crusade for Chrlst--<:ome ~ar students talk about their relationship WIth 
God. In Bonner Hall 2105. 
SAnMDAY 
tIOO ~ - Trip to Knott's Berry Farm. Meet in the 
CatholIC lounge at 9.00 am at the U,iIIer<itv 
lut~an Church. --J 
SIOO ~ - Catholic Mass. Sponsor~ by t~ 
CatholIC COlT1n'lJnity at UCSD, In the U,lIiersity 
lut~an Church C~1. 
SUNDAy 
Il00, t., S, & 11100 ... - Eplsoopal Church 
,",rs/'lp. Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellolMihp. In the Good Samaritan E j I 
Ourch. 4321 Eastgare Mall. Across ~ ~ 
east end of campus. north of La .blla "'"age Dr 
Intersection of GI'Ilesee. . 
... ~ - Catholic Mass, sponsor~ by t~ 
CatholIC;: Community at UCSD. In the Chapel o't~ 
U'llVerSlty lut~an Church. 

I~ - & 7100 pm - NeY.i sermon series 
beginS on I John. presented by Pastor John HUber 
All we/oome. In t~ Chapel of the U,1IiercJt,.; 

lu~an Church. -OJ 
lOtIO .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsor~ by the 
CatholIC Conmunity at UCSO. LDwer level 
Conferencr Room of t~ Stuclent Center Building 
B. 
' . I. ' ,1 - - Book RMew: Hans Kung'S "Eternal 
Ufe7 foiloWl!d by potluck lunch. All welCDIT1e. In 
the Loonge Of lkllVerSity lu~an Church. 
SlOG pm - Catrolic Mass. Sponsor~ by the 
Catholic Comnvnity at UCSO. In the U,iIIer<itv 
lutheran Church. --J 
illS PM - Eplsropal Church ,",rshp SeMee' 
Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan Episropa; 
CilJrch. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

---

Academic SeNices 
MONQAV"'DAY 
~.JO PM -What can you do With 30-45 
I1'lInutes? The OASIS Reading and Stu~ Skills 
Center has the answerl Call for more Inmrmarionl 
In USB 4010. 
II~IOO pm - SIGI. System of InteractM-
Guidance and Information is a OOmputer-based 
pt'Ogr""! of career im:Jrmation designed to help 
you Clan,>, )lOUr values and occupational interests 
For more information. oome to Career SeMc~ 
Center. In Hl 1058. 
"»:'4100 pm - Drop-In Hours. For questions 
pertaining to career planning.job hunting. r~ 
CrItIQUing, . etc. Appointments may also be 
schedJled In the morning bycal/lng Career Services 
C!'Ilter at 452-3750. At Hl Room 1058. 
~y 

- Graduate School/law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a Grac1Jalte. law 01' MBA degree 
program ~r UCS07 He~ With il<tnlssion and 
appIlcatJon questions ~ ~ appointment ~ 
Call Career Services Cente.- at 452--4939 ~ more ~'Ied Infonnation. In the Student Center Bldg, 
- Interest~ In the Health~? AcMshg 

appointments IIVcli/ilble tlr career planning and 
pre-pro'-ional SChool preparation. CaN Career 
SeMces C!'Ilter at 452--4939 in advancr ~ an 
~t. but no earlier than one~. In t~ 
Student Center Bldg. A 
tiOO ~ _ - Falling asleep ~)'OUr boola 7 
BehInd ,")'OUr reading7 Can'treca/lwhat)lOU read 
2 weeks ago? Then don't rriss CO/7llI'et1ension & 
Memoty-a, TECH/nlquel TAU< preent~ by ~ 
OJ\5/S !tradlrJQ and Study Skills Center To sl!J1 up 
call 452-2284. In USB 4010. . • 

1~'" JNII - Mod< Interview. Seeing and ~arlng )'OUrself on videotape can ~ put the 
finIshing touches on interviewIng Skills. 
PrmqU/w: InteMelNing Skills Workshop Call 
Career Services C!'Ilter at 452-3750 to make an 
appo/ntmt!nt In Hl 1058. 
2.00 PM - On-Campus Interviewing 

Orientation. 1f)'OU are interest~ in participating I 
the Career Services Center's on-campu~ 
Inte\Aewfng program tHs quarter. it Is mandatory 
that )OU anend one of these workshops befbre 
)IOU intet\liew. In the ~Ie Formal lounge. 
z.oo:.-.oo PM - OASIS Brainstorming SessJon 
b lit/Frenctl 10. 25. 50 classes. Reading and 
wnmg assignments in t~ aIloIIe classes Will be 
dlsruSSed In order to ~ students generate Ideas 

LP Is present~ by ~ OJ\5IS Writing Center and 
the OASIS !trading Center. In TIoga Hall. 902. 
ZIOO pm - A Future in Finance: Is It For You 7~ 
Explore careers in llnance-from accounting to 
ftnandal ~is to investments and banId 
leam from a panel of pro'-ionals. Sponsor;)3 '" 
Career Seniices C!'Ilter. In the North confl!r~ 
Room. of t~ Student Center Bldg A. 
~oC:Orfl>OSe an appropriate response. In USB 2i»4lOO pili - Interested in Medidne or Dentlsrry? Orop-in iICMsing In open sessions. In t~ 

Career SeMces Center at the Student Center 
Building A IIOOf ..... - Finding the Hidden Job Market B01b o all j:>b vacancies are ~ Thi 

WDrIcshop Will teach )'OU a way to lind out '~ ~ ~~louby Career Services Center. In t~ 
nge. 

•• 00-4 •• 0 ~ .. - Summer European 
BusIness/CuIt:..ral Studes Program: Come learn 
~t ths summer stu~/tra.'l!l program based In 
Pans and o~~ by t~ European l.l'WersIty of 
AmerIca. For lIrther Intlrmation mntact Catherine 
Gannon in the Opponunirles Abroad otIIa 
x3 730. In the International Center lounge • 

TUlSDAY 
, ...... "100 PM - How To Concentr.xt At 
WiH-EIo'er wonder ~}'OU can't ~ when 
plan to 7 lad< of c:cnantration is one of the ,,:: 
d#fYicult and persistent PIObIems c:oI4eoe srudl!nts 
face. This ~kshop identifies the tactors that 
dISrUpt learning. and provides pIO\o'en techl/ques 
for oombatting these problems. learn how to put 
aJt )'OUr maxlmum eIbt when )'OU want tol 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Reading and c.. ..... ~ 
Center. In OJ\5IS Third Place. - ""I/Is 

• ........... - The OJ\5IS GM /Gr~ & 
Mechaniol Workshop is cIes/g1ed A)r studerlts 
who wou!d like to work on dar~ basic 
gram'"'tlc.l concepts and c.tegorles and 
~ th!m in an ectensiIIe. ¥terTliJtjc ~Ies of 
practical exercises. lin ecerc/se rI'IftlaI to be 
purchased by the student will be used. All wark 
Will be mnp/eted In the a:>rUIct 01 the _ ....... 
In USB 4070. ._--....,. Orl',~ ... - On-Campus Interviewing 

"" ltation. 1f)'OU in Inrerested in partidpaIng in ~he . Career SetVlces Center's on-campUS 
~ program rtis ~, It is IlUrldaroty 
u"" )IOU attend one of these workshops bef'ore 
)00 ~. In the ~Ie InfonnaI Loungr 
IZIOO-lbIS ,.. - Ttyino to IMIIer ~ ,.:-
1anguage7 Then, get JOII¥ Ideas about ~ 
Iearnng and ~ .x ~ GrlcIN TECH(~I Talk ~ ~ thea-.5/S IlNding 
and St~ Skills Center. To sigl up calI452-2284 At USB 4010. • . 
, ............ - The I~,_--
and /I-This ""Ar'S -~,,_aml.ellell 

'-"'>I program baJse on the 
thnkrlg slclils )'OU ~ to successlJ~ handle t~ 
readlngilnd wrfti1g tasks ass/gled in)'OUr CDuBeS 
It IS ~ for It'ose who want to perfl!a M 
English language sJdlls. LP classes are taug1t ~ 
reading and writWIg specialists and bilir1g.lal tutors. 

The 
Weekly 

7100 PM - New c.r-s In HeaIIh Care' 
Corpor_ FItness & He..,..PranocIon-usren toa 
panrf of PR*ssIonI/s talk Dlur careers In the field 
including catdI« ~.. nutIition and 
-ase~. Sponsored by Career SeMces 
Cerur. In the North COnference Room of t~ 
Student Cerur illig. A 
,... • II ..... - Are }'OU Winding IINiIJ at 
problem stU IMth it lot c:I -bin! page" tlme7 

~ _short CllCS-or more acwr~rnethods 
br SIlrYUating t~ "~ I get it" moments and 
~ cbwn on the time In beIINeen. Don't spend 
more time than )'OU '- to. ConrroI )'OUr werle 
time with the new -*1g TEOijnique/ TAU< on 
I'robIem SoMng ShortClJb. In the Argo Three 
lounge. 
"ONaDAY 
DI~radu.xe SchooI/Law/MBA .-..:MsIng. 
, _. ow '1/ on ~ Gratllate. Law 01 MM degree 
~~ Mter UCSO? ~ With actnisslon and ~icaIon questions today ~ appok!tment only. 
Call Career 5eMces Center at 452--4939 br more ~'~ InforrNtion. In the Student C!'nter Bldg. 
.... " ... - - Interest~ in MedIcine or 
Dentistry? ~acMsIng In open sessIon5.ln t~ 
Career SeMce Center at Student Center Bldg. A 
10100 .. - The Marketable ~ Workshop 
leam how to CDnstruct a state-of.u-t ~ 
thar Will ma/ce }'OU sta'1d out tom ~ crowd. in 
this newly reWed worIcshop. Sponsored by Career 
SeMces Center. In ~ Revetle ForrniIIlDunge, 
12IOO-1314S ..... - Do )'OUr test scores rl!fIect 
tDw ITl./ch )'OU know? If not be sure to attend 
Demdng Test O's-TECH/nique/ TAU< pr~ 
0/ the OASIS ReadIng and ~ Skills Center. To 
SIgn up. caU 452-2284. At USB 4010. 

~ ..... - Making Career DecisIons. Too ~ 
Choices 7 learn an easy and efI'ectIIIe procrss tlr 
<hoask1g beIINeen sMraI career options ~ 
Sftbr'Ig ~ goals. An eccrllent b1low-iJp 
to !he "ldentilY/ng Your Career" Workshop 
Sponsored by Career Service C!'Ilter. In the 1lP.1!I,e 
Formal lounge. 
lHURlDAY 
- Interested in the Health Pr~7 AcMsWlg 

appointments IIVcliIable br career planning and 
pre-professlonat SChool preparation. Call Career 
ServIces Center at 452-4939 In .Diance for an 
appointment. but no earlier than one week. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A 
..... " .. - - Speed Readlrl!r-How do handle three or bJr courses in 2~ 1'I'1CIr1tm? ~ 
maomum readlflg eftIoencyf In this !DUlle. )IOU can 
expect to rut )'OUr reading time in half lor morel 
and ~ )'OUr comprehension, mneentratlon 
and recall. This ~ course IbQJses on Jpeed of 
oo"1l"ehension Ibr UCSO ~ity ass/!1lITII!nts 
Sponsor~ by the OASIS Reading and ~ Skj/~ ~~ter. In t~ Third COllege f'roIIost Offtce, Room 
"'0 P" - On-Campus Interviewing 
Orle1tatlon. 1f)'OU ~ interest~ in participating in 

t~ Career Services Center'S on-campus 
Intelliewing program tHs QUaItl!r, it Is mandatay 
that .)OU ~end one of these workshops before 
)IOU InteMeW. In the Rl!llelle Informal I..otJngt 
I .......... - Graduate SchooI/law;MM 
AcMsing. PlannIng on a GraclJate. law or M8'\ 
degree program after UCS07 Help with 
actnissions and application QUestions please ctop 
In today. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
1.00 P" - On-Campus Interviewing 
Orrentatlon. 1f)lOU are Interest~ in ~ in 

t~ Career Services Center's on-campus 
intevlewing JlI'O!1am rtis ~er, It is mandatory 
that )'OU attend one of these worIcshops befbre 
)IOU interview. In the ~Ie Formal lounge, 
211»-'100 ,.. - OASIS Brainstorming Session 
A)r Ut/Frenctt 10. 25. 50 classes. R~ng and 
Writlng ass/gr1ments in t~ aIloIIe classes will be 
discussed In Older to,. students g!nerate Ideas 
~~ an iPPI'opriare response. In US8 
I'IIIDAY 

Calendar 
""0100 ... - 7he OASIS GM /Grarnmar & 
Mechanlal IK.-brlGhop in desigled A)r students 
v.t1o would like to work on dar/lYing basic 
grammatical ~cepts and categories. and ~ng them In an ectensIIie. systematic series of 
practical exerdses. An ecertise manual to be 
pur~ ~ t~ student Will be used. All work 
IMII be mmplet~ in the rontexr of the __ 
In USB 40 70. ..--.".. 
ICh10 - - Interviewing Sldlls ,",rkshop Do 

)IOU need help in preparing A)r JOb Int~? 
Career ServIce Center will provide tips on the best 
W¥ to present)lOU qualifications and Whar Idnd 
of Intt!lillew IJJestions to ecpea. In the Rl!llelle 
Formal ~nge. .. 

Services,l\Xlorkshops 
MONDAY4IIIDAY 
......... PM - Don't 9J bade to McOonaId's 
this surnrner. Get some REAl experlence-do an 
internship this SUII1Il'1er ttYou!tI ASIC. Stop by our 
ofIIcr on the seoond IIoor 01 t~ student center 
abDIIe t~ gMIM! room to lind out what's avaIlablei 
AppIIcaItIon deadline is April 26. Our prone 
number is 452-4689. 
MONDAY 
IlIJO..ZIOO .... - Come meet Betsy Breast. 
Ad!m Scrocum and be sa~ Ibr 5Idn cancer .. . 
All .x the Cancer ExpIor.xoriJm at ReIIefIe PIiIu 
/10m 11:30-200. Get hands on ecper:Ience With . 
Cancer PrM!ntlonl See }'OU ~. 
1z...1", PM - Lrr Go of Stress and RNIc-
For all uc:so students, rtis !J'OUP 1$ c/esIjJIed to 
teich mechods c:I reIaKIng and de~1Ing wrih stress 
which can be used br a N~. Techniques Will 
Include breathing exercises. blof~balCk. 
~ refaKation. autogenic training. guldecl 
1mageIy. rnedtarlon. ~. and ~ 
management MeI!t5 each week tHs ~. 
Students may attend all sesslons. 01 drop In to .r:J 
one of them as ~t led ~ Ma>Jnard 
Brusman. MeI!t5 at 1003 ~ 
a....1OO PM - Do )'OU know what's new in 

Recreation 
~Y""DAY 
- l'tJe:der mates. rome·board. Get ir1IIoNed with 

the SaIl San Diego program. From cruising to 
racing, c/ingt1Ies. big boats. and sallboards. 
EYeI)one we/oome. Get into San Diego's biggest 
and mast exciting recreational actMty. Write for 
inlbrmation: UCSD Recreatlo" Department. 
UCSO, la Jolla, Ca. 92093. MaikDde 5-005. Or call 
Charlie Ga/lmann at 270-6503 or laurel Dean at 
452-4037. 
TUlSDAY 
". pm - Surf Club meetin!}featuring t~ World 
Amateur Champion shOWing a NSY, Dodge 
promotional llideo featuring footage from 
California. Hawaii. and Mexloo. We Will also 
disQJSS SaturcBy's MexiCD contest and our Sun 
God Festival Booth. At ~ Not Here. 
IlOO pm - \X1mton Marsalis Oulntet-lIIrtuOSo 
trumpeter who won Grammles for both 
¥Jlllllnic and jazz recordings plays with /'Is 
quintet I'.dmission: General: 515.00; Stuclents and 
SI'Ilior Citizens: 510.00. At thl:. Mandeville 
AuditoriJm. 
w.oNaDAY 
.100 pili - Ali Akbar -Master of the sarod, 
presents an unforgettable evening of Indian 
Meto~ and rI¥tvn on the 25 string sarod. Wapan 
Chaud-huri, tabla. At Mandl!vllie Auditorium. 
G!'IleraI Admission: 58.00; Students, Senior 
Citizens and Staff: 53.00. 
ntuIISDAY 
....... pm - language Tables: Come and 
practice )'OUr French, SpaniSh or GeITllan ~ 
dinner. All interest~ students~ially native 
speakers are most oordlally ir1lllt~. Dinner on meal 
card or cash basis. Natille speakers can ~ meals 
prOOlided-cai1 455-0157 for info. In the South 
Dining Hall of t~ Revelle Cafeteria. 
IlOO ..... - Improlilsation Duet-Electric GuItar 
and ""'1>/1fiI!d Flutes. John ForMIIe /Flutesl and 
Tan North IGuitarI perform at the Center for 
MJsIc Experiment. at 408 Warren Campus. 
SATUmAY. SUNDAY 
7100 ... - Badcpadclng at Mount SirI .JacInto: 
HIking. camping relaxing. Includes rransportatlon. 
ter1ts. dinner on ~. Sunday breakfast. and 
CJ.IallIIed til> leader. Sig1 up and detaiis at OCR .x 

C~. At the Ourctlor Rec. Equipment 
Rental Room at Can)orMew. 530.00. 
IATUmAY 
... PM - It's time to take a break from classes. 
SSE has expanded. We il.'e now ESSEX 
IEducational/SOdal Student Extension,. We're 
hiM1g a premiere c:rIebration on ~. April 
27, .x the Revelle Cafetrria from 9:00 pm to 1:00 
am. 54,00 tlr UCSO students With 10. Tld<ea_ 
selling at the Box 0IIIce. Come and dana to t~ 

~.x of C~. 55.00 ~r all others. 
... ,... - The BIg Band SprIng SwIng to rode 
and rOl and bop)lOUr sodu 0". Erp; t~ big band 
limes c:I~ UCSO.Jazz Ensem~ from 9:00 pm to 
Mi01Ight and dance. dana. danCP. WNT fu'*Y 
formal. AdmIssion' 51.00. 52,00 for faculty and stMY. 

IlIrth CDntrol7 ... A new time Ibr the Birth Control 
Inbrmation Session. Drop by from 2-3 today and 
join In our _ Wor~ and IrIorma/ session . .. 
and /eMIl whirs really new in birth rontrol. 
Upstairs at the Student Health Center. 

~Y 
.. I...... _ - Graduate Women In 
HuINl'1itles-This is a weekly support goup Ibr 
WaduaIr women students in the HurnanIt/eS 
COl ameli with personal, professlona~ and 
academic Issues. led ~ MWIam I05UpOIII\II. In Hl 
1003. 

I~IIOO ..... - ABORTION ... what Is}'OUr 
leeflng on the Issue 7 I't!INpS a solItion might be 
efI\!ctI\Ie IlIrth comoI usage based on }'OUr 
i1dM<lJaI needs. We here at the Student Health 
center olrer a bIr1tl control InbrmarIon session 
dI!5I!11f!!d to Woon you c:I)'OUr options. It's casual 
and ccnI\dtf 1tIaI. L.pstalrs at the Student Health 
center. 
111JO..Z .. pM - Halle you bee1 to the Cancer 
fIIpIoraorllm? It's at MOM today from II :30-2:00. 
Come and meet Bray Breast Adam Saotum and 
be SCI1IeI1ed for sIdn canar. Get hands on 
ecperil!nCr IMth the ~ c:I sldn, lung. colo-
I!CtiII and genital cancers. See }'OU ~ 
1 ••• 2 ••• p. - Gay/8lsexual Men 's 
Counseling Group-This is an on-going 

New 
Warren 
Weight 
Room -

mnfldenltial suppoIt group for undergraduate men 
CJJetion/ng their sexuality, as \Nell as those who 
ldenltlfy as QiIY,/bIseruaI. MeI!t5 wedcIy. Students 
can call leader. Stelle Br~. at 452-3755. for more 
inbrmatlon, or they canjost rome to the group. In 
1003 H.. 
........ pm - ,",rkshops Oesigled for 
Parents-A series c:I 6 worIcshops ~ to 
inaease parent ~ are being oltered to 
an UCSO students and their spouses/partners. This 
Irst INCrkshop Will ~QJS on Stress Reduction. 
Chlldalre CIIIallable In Room 3875. Mesa 
~.In the Mesa Apartments, Room 3999. 
... ... PM - The lesbian and Bisecual 
Women's SUpport Group Is meeting tNery Tuesday 
tom 4:»6001sh. Please join us or If you can't 
make it call 112023 and ask iIbout our atm 
~. In the Women's !trsource Center, 
...".IIDAY 
..... IChIO _ - ReaM!rIng from ~thg 
Disorders IRED llll-Personal Growth will be ~ 
fooJs ~r participants of this group. It is designed 
fbr IM>I'III!n who ha\.Ie O\IerCOme anoreclc or 
bulemlc patterns. Journal 'Miring. psydlologlcal 
testing and ~. and retaxatlon and imagery 
work will be used. led by Bel! Ha(/u and Maynard 
1Irustnan. In the Warren PrOllOSt'S Confert!na! 
Room. 

Organizational 
MONDAY 
.... p-. - Come join the Ret)tc/ing Coop. We 
need new /Ile!I'lbeIS and ldeasl Free dinner during 
the meeting. At the Ole C • . 
n.DAY 
........ ,... - 7he BIomedIcal En9r_ i ll/ 
Sodety will atU!nd the FASCES COI1IIention in 
Ananeim. Wed'lesdiIy ~II 24 and Thursday. April 
25. Interest~ students shoukl.rend the meeting 
on Tuesday, April 23. from 3-4 pm in the RMIe 
InbrmallDunge 01 call QJan DInh at 279-7482. 
... ,aDAY 
......... - The Asian Padtk: Student AIIWlce 
IAPSAI Steering Committee ~ts every 
Wednesday at 400 pm in the /IPSA 0fIk:e at the 
Student C!'Ilter. If )'OU are Interesb!d in AsIan 
ru/tures. )'OU are welcome. Ourofl'la! is open 1000 
im"4:OO pm weekdolys. Come drop by and ctlat. 
X2048 . 

Monday, Apnl 22. 1985 ) Q 

,2 .... ,100 pili - \IIhe God aNted man She 
was only Iddding . .. \IIIhen She gIIIe us birth 
control as an option Her timing was tIttlng. learn 
!he CDntr~ oprlons iWaIIabIe to you by 
attending a birth control illbrmItJon session riIen 
b- students ~ students. Stcond Floor of the 
Student Health Center . 
ZJOO.IIJO PM - ReaMnng from Eating 
DIsorders /RED II. This IIrst-stage Woup Is Ibr 
students IM'Io are beginning to IderlrIfy tNt Ihey 
/we an eating disorder and want to work on It. 
The central purpose will be to wackally eliminate 
addIcative behMcrs, and ~ reIatlonstips c:I 
fI!tIings in this binge/purge qtde wII be ecpIcRd. 
ltd ~ Miriam 1osupoIIId. MeI!t5 at Hl 1003. 
....... PM - Headache Management 
Group-This Is a !J'OUP br students who are 
chronic ~adache sutrereIs. PartIdpants will learn 
stress reduction tetmique5. as INI:II as ather 
headache treatment procedures. Interest~ 
students st-ould calf ~ McCIeIIan,.x 4 52-3035 
A)r more InIbrmation iIbout sI!J*Ig up. 
4100 I.. ..... - CarT1lUS BID Foru~A 
weekly. Inbrmal !Iso mlon !J'OUP on the Issues. 
roncems, and the quality d life of the Blade 
corrm,mity at UCSO. This is an 0I1'go/I1I/ group and 
students can Pin at .r:J lime. call leader PhIl 
Raphael at 452-3035 If }'OU '- .r:J ~; 
otherwise the can just mme to the group. MI!e!s In 
!he Mounfain \!lew lounge In nw-d College. 
..... 100 PM - ~ jo¥l us br our FeminIst 
Discussion Group. EYety We<r.tSday from 4:30-
6:OOish. 1f)'OU can't ma/ce t~ group ~I free to 
drop In anytime. In the \IVomen's Resou.rcr Center. 
THUlllDAY 
1, ... 2 .. PM - ToQj is your lAST Cl-W>JCE 
to meet ~ Saotum. Betsy Breast and be 
screened for skin cancer. Don't rms the Cancer 
ElIpior.xorium at ~ Hal from 11:.»-2:00. 
and get hands on e.wperiencr in the prevention of 
skin. lufYl. oola-rectill and genital c:ancer. 
1.0.2100 .... - 00 )'OU sri. ~ unanswered 
questions about Cancer Prevention 7 III.tluId ~ 
jJst like to learn more about cancI!I' In gentfal7 
Corne to the Open Panel Discussion In the North 
Confl!rence Room of the Student Center from 1:00-
200 today and speak with 00a0Is: Sheldon 
Hendler. Mel Green. Robert OaI!Jleault and 
.Joseph Garda. 
1100 ... pm - CNercorring CompuisM 
Eating-Art you tir~ of saying )'OU're sony alter 
)OU ~eat? Ti~ of ~ng !J.Iilty7 Then join this 
new group tlr those IM'Io ~ out 01 control With 
their eating. In a supportiIIe environment group 
partidpants Will learn wJyS to eliminate 
cnrr.,u1sNe eating. The tows WiN be on changing 
behMors. Itloughts and belief's ~ch perpetuatt 
this CDf'IllUision. and '"1l"c:Mng self-esteem and 
self-Image. This Woup is not open to those IM'Io 
ecperiencr a binge/purge C}'CIe 01 who !J'eatly 
restrict their diet TernIIIe I'ofter. 452-3035 and 
Derise ZImmerman. 452-3755. leaders. Call one of 
the 1eade13 ~r more details and to see if ~ group 
win meet )lOUr needs. In 1003 HL 
............. -Gay,lBisexuai Men and Women 
U1dergraduate SbJdents-Jf you need support 
and/or want to talc about secuaHty ooncems. 
rome to an intlrmal rap !1OUP for WIOI'I1erl and men 
students Il!d ~ Peer Counselors who ~ be!'Il 

the~. For more information CDntact the leaders at 
452-4297 Of 452-3755, 01'. drop in theftrstgoup, 
ltd by Delise Norton and Kevin Ward. In 1003 HL 
.... DAY 
1.0.2.. PM - RetOIIering from EatWlg 
DIsorders (RED II/-This level is pesi!7Ied fbr 
stJJderlts wto hiwe aIre~ worked on eating 
disOIders and are QJrrently in the process of gMng 
up the serious eating problem. Rxus Wi" be on 
other areas of /Mng while ~g support 
through tHs transitional time. led by Bel! Ha(/u and 
Denise Zimmerman. In Warren Provost 's 
C~ence Room. 
2 ....... pm - Aloorol and Substance Abuse 
Group-For studer1ts IM'Io want help in cIealing 
with an alcohol 01 drug use problrrn. Emphasis Will 
be un understanding the rol11*X/tY of the 
problem. identifying options. making a 
CDImlitrnent to Change, and ~11oWing through. 
Homework assignments and group norms will be 
established as part of t~ group's and individuals 
program. Befort joining the goup interested 
studer1ts ate ask~ to call Becca at 452-3755 to 
make a 5hort appo/ntmellt with one of our 
counselors to see if ~ group Wi" meet their needs. 
led ~ Dan M"noz. In the Revelle PrOllOSt'S 0fIice. 
.IOO-4IJO pm - Peer-led Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Support Group. Peer counsetors lead ths weekly 
drop-In support goup. It is ~r male students wto 
identify as being gay Of bisexual. as \Nell as for 
thost who are exploring their sexuality. A geat 
opportunity to talk With other students sharing 
similar concerns. New members can join at any 
time. Stuclents who ha\.Ie questions about the 
group call Carlos Nelson ex De!netrus Delacruz, 
peercounse/ors, at 452-4297; otherwise.lheycan 
just drop-in A)r the group. In Hl 1003 

Lectures 
n.soAY 
7 ...... - Dr. Susan Shirk. Associate Professor of 
political sdence at UCSO. will be presenri1g a 

,disaJssion on "ECDI1OI'Iic RriIrm In ChIna". 
OIsrussion followed by CJ.Ie5tio1V'answer session. 
Free refreshrnerttsl In the InternarJonal Center 
t.ounge . 

photos by 
Kevin Foley 

t 



20 Monday, Ap/ll 22, 1985 

Classlfted advertising space Is sold In 100-
character Increments. Each letter, 
punctuation mark and space between 
words Is considered a character, with 
caplUllletters counting as two characters. 
The r.e Is 51 per 100 characters for 
students and 53 per 100 characters for 
non-students. You must come by the offtce 
Of' INIII In your ad, as we require payment 
In advance of pub"Ciltlon. Deadlines are 
5 pm TuescUy for Thursday's paper,S pm 
FrlcUy for Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The Guardian, 
UCSO, 8-016, La Jo"a, CA 92093. 

Violin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
IncflVidual or shared lessons. Helen Martin, 
457-0671 (6/6) 

European Lxw of America In collaboratIOn 
wIth the UnIV of Pans Sorbonne presents 
Summer Pans '85: European Business and 
Cultural StudIes program July I-Aug 4 
RepresentatIVe WIll be at the Int"l Center 
Lounge Tuesday, April 23 at 3 pm For more 
Info call 452-3730 or (4151668-0964. (4/22) 

A.MES Professor Stanley MIddleman will 
speak thIS Fnday on "FlushIng and WipIng," 
the fluid dynamics of cleaning of surfaces. 
Includes slides and high-speed video. Friday, 
April 26, at NOON In the new Warren 
College Apartment Commons. Light 
refreshments. All welcome. (4/25) 

Third College Cultural Celebration needs 
'v<>Iunteer models for Intemational FashIon 
Show. Contact Res. Dean's Off. at x4340 by 
4/24. (4/221 

Ong>ing Gestalt Therapy Workshop for 
making video demo tapes now forming. A 
personal growth opportunity. Led by T A . 
Munson M.D. First session on Th. May 2nd, 
7-10 p.m. La Jolla Area. No fee. 459-8715 or 
454-2321. (4/22) 

Warren Commuter Breakfast w /Warren 
College Staff. Tues. 4/23 at 7:30 am-9:oo am 
at Int'I Center. Bacon, omelet, etc. SJ.OO all 
you can eat. Please sign-up at Warren Dean 
Office. (4/22) 

The 1985 Revelle Renaissance Faire is Sunday, 
May 5th. Start making costumes now for the 
costume contest held during the faire. Prizes 
for the best male & female outfits will be 
awarded. (4/25) 

Student for Warren College Commuter 
InternShip. Paid position. Application 
deadline 4/26. Pick up referral at student 
employment office. (4/25) 

LA JOLlA ACADEMY OF ADVERTISING 
ARTS I-yr. course &job placement assistance 
in advertising, design, copy, production, 
sales, marketing or pUblidty. Now enrolling 
for June 17. Free catalog 459-0201. (6/6) 

SENIOR 
NURSE 

STUDENTS 

ADVENTURE ... 
CHALLENGE .. , 
PROFESSIONALISM! 
An exciting Job with opportUnities 
for world-Wide travel, career de-
velopment, profeSSional growth, 
excellent benefits BS graduates 
or senior students are ehglble If 
you're gomg to be someone, 
special Be a avy ur I 
For more Infonnatlon call toll-free: 
1-800-222 -6189, Monday -
WednesdJY 8 .lm-4 pm 

looking for a new job? Apply for Warren 
College Commuter Intern. Application 
deadline 4/26. Pick up referral at Student 
Employment Office. (4/25) 

11111.illl j 1 
BAY HO CONDO-I bedroom, bay view, 
close to UCSD. Great buyl Pool, spa, mintl 
$69,900. Agent-Marsha, 459-4181. (4/22) 

Adorable animal rubber stafl1)s. Cats, 
kittens, bears, pandas, birds, penguins, 
unicorns, etc. etc. I Free catalogl Send SA.s.E. 
(.39) to: Critter Care Center, P.O. Box 77, 
Solana Beach, CA 92075. (4/29) 

1980 Puch Moped. Approx. 3,400 ml. 
Excellent condo 5300.299-0356 Matt. (4/25) 

Stereo. NAD 3020 IntAmp. xlnt condo superb 
snd qlty. Must hear to aprcte SII4 obo. 453-
0241. (4/22) 

Price red. 4 clearancel '66 VW bug, nice bod 
w/sunrf., good trans. xtras, SI,2oo ob. 455-
5675 am. (4/25) 

Salmon SX-90 SkI boots. SIze 285. Need S. 
942-8617. (4/25) 

Tri-fin surfboard 6-foot Bulkley thruster. Just 
in time for summerl Sioo or best offer. Marc 
452-0395. (4/22) 

Poor student on campus no longer needs his 
trusty 1980 moped. Good condition, SIOO. 
Tristan 453-9816. (4/25) 

77 Honda CVCe. needs a little INOrk, but a 
great runner. SBOO or best offer. 450-9279 
Alana. (4/251 

!l1111111 11 
WANTED CAMP COUNSELOR: North 
County Branch .Jewish Community Center. 
Call Pam, 944-0640. (4/25) 

Wanted: Talented people to write or 
illustrate for the Guardian. Call 452-6580. 
(6/6) 

Wanted: Nature Director for B.SA. Summer 
Camp. Bio Majors preferred. Call Dave 278-
3899. (4/22) 

Student for Warren College Commuter 
Internship. Paid pOSition. Application 
deadline 4/26. Pick up referral at student 
employment office. (4/25) 

Technical drawer for UCSD Journal of 
U1dergrad Research. Start ASAP: 4 hrs/wk. 
Info call x3917, 755-5991. (4/25) 

New record label and production cofl1)any 
seeking top-rate salespeople & discjockeys. 
Outstanding business opportunities. 466-
5055. See bulletin in KSDT, your college 
campus radio station. (4/22) 

General counselor, waterfront & program 
spedalist positIOns available at coed summer 
resident camp located in Santa Barbara mtns. 
For info call Debbie at (80S) 485-3417 or PO 
Box 5363, Oxnard, CA 93031. (4/25) 

Looking for a new job? Apply for Warren 
College Commuter Intern. Application 
deadline 4/26. Pick up referral at Student 
Employment Office. (4/25) 

Technical drawer for UCSD Journal of 
Undergrad research. Start ASAP: 4 hrs/wk. 
Info call x3917, 755-5991. (4/25) 

lWii8J11111 
La Jolla Playhouse needs summer houSIng' 
Sublets, rentals, roommates. Agreements 
signed Call Carol 452-6760. (6/6) 

Roommate wanted to share 2 bedroom 
South Mesa apt. Non-smoking medical or 
graduate student only. S215/mo. & V2 
electridty. Available April 26. Call Rob at 755-
1836. (4/25) 

Sublet needed for June and July; studio, I or 
2 bdrm, prefer UCSD area; rent negotiable; 
call 259-0708 after 6, ask for Karen. (4/25) 

Huge room for rent in /g. 4br cond in UC. 
S2oo/mo. A must-see. Call 455-9308. 14/25) 

Clean and quiet roommate needed May I. 
L.ge room. S220 pIuS utilities. call 450-9566 
between 6 and 8 pm. (4/22) 

La Jolla Condo M or F. Own bedroom & bath 
w/ln 3 min walk Plaza. S300 month avalab. 
5/1. Call Tim 450-9176 ev .. (4/22) 

Top Drawer Secretarial reports,' resumes. 
Manuscripts . Student rates . Word 
processIng. Diane 481-4160. (6/6) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many type 
styles to choose from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up and 
delivery, quality work, FASTIII S2/page 
(<DubIe spaced). Call Interactive Micro 
Systems at 452-9949. (6/6) 

Racket Stringing and Grips-Low pri~, 24-
hr. service. Call Anc:ty at 458-9269. (5/16) 

Typing : IBM/rUSh jobs/editing/fast, 
professional results. 453-0656 or 296-7333 
Shari. (6/6) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service . 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Anc:ty 
Laurence 279-8056. (6/6) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs GIll Barbara at 454-7624. Rush 
jobs accepted. 14/29) 

EDITING/WORD PROCESSING. Thesis/ 
dissertation specialist. Call Mary 259-0542. 
(5/2) 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING available thru 
Kinko's Copies, conveniently located in 
Ralph's/ Sav-On shopping Center. 24 hour 
service available. Call 457-3775 for details. 
(4/29) 

Cruiseship Jobs? Cruises hip work book. 
Send S5 to: O'Rourke Ent. Dept. D, P.O. Box 
14383, S8, CA 93107. (4/25) 

TypIng: 2+hr service unless I'm too busy. I 
can also proof neatly vvritten papers. Revae 
453-9067. (5/6) 

GMA T /LSA T TUTOR. PhD student 4 years 
teaching experience; former instructor for 
major US test prep center. Intensive, analytic 
method. Andrew 459-7602, eves. (4/22) 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING, Word Processing & 
Tape Transcription. Reasonable rates. The 
Key Word, 459-5818. (6/6) 

Insurance Warl We'll beat i!nf price or we 
don't want your business. Tickets, accidents, 
sports cars, good driver/student discounts: 
all welcome. Call 286-1135. Request UCSD 
Plan. (5/16) 

lookIng for a career In modeling? Third 
College FashIon Show IS a good place to 
start. SIgn up In the Res Dean's ff. by 
4/24 This could be the beglnn" Ig of d 
promIsIng career for youl (4/~2) 

Sun loving male seeks other swim-suit 
optional males for day sailing on 41 ft. 
sailboat. Bill 560-6877. (4/25) 

Massage: Relieve stress, sooth athletically 
tired muscles. Free Introductory Offer. Tim 
56(}-299B. (4/25) 

To the Material Girl in Music 7: I've got a 
bond In the bank. I'm in the second row. 
(4/22) 

Feel like a King? A Peasant? A Knight in 
Shining Armor? Express your feelings and 
win a prize at this year's Renaissance Faire-
Sunday, May 5th, Behind Hl. (4/25) 

Dear Robert, Happy I Year Anniversary, Love, 
Dena. April 24, 1985. (4/22) 

Congratulations to all the new TKE little 
sisters. Let's make this quarter somthing 
spedall Rees. (4/22) 

Debacco. Up parascope or IS it down? It's 
going to be a blazing spring isn't it! Just don't 
forget me. \Xr11o Loves you Babe? Women. 
(4/22) 
Congrats. to all the Greeks on campus for a 
successful Greek Week '85-Sisters of AD". 
Kanga, The day has come when I get to take 
care of you instead of Visa Versa., Is it true: 
The taller you are, the harder you tall. I'll find 
out tonighlj H~ 21st big bro. Love, Rees. 
(4/22) 

Yo, Steve, you s~t thangl \Ve'rejust happy 
as two beaglesl See you in Berkeley. Ti vogIlo 
bene A. 14/22) 

Yo Julle, What was your grade for Chem 6A? 
Spazz. (4/22) 

Alpa Omlcron PI Extends a big welcome to 
the new sorority on campus-Kappa Kappa 
Gamma-Happy Rushlngl 14/22) 

Usa G & Wen~ MI You're a year older & 
better-Have- a happy J>-day you two-
A~ha Love-Your AO" Siss. {4/22) 

Two g>Id rings left in 3rd college restroom 
during finals week. Please retum if found-
great sentimental value. Kelly 481-6571. 
(4/22) 

Lost. Brown leather jacket Tuesday night 
April 9 in front of the Ubrary or at Surf Cub 
meeting. Please call with any information. 
David 455-0510. (4/22) 

Lost: 4/16/B5, beige, \M)()I cardigan sweater. 
Please retum to EDNA or call 755-7752. 
Great sentimental value. (4/25) 

Lost: In Revelle Deli. Black and white Midas 
sweat jacket last week. Call Terence 453-
2196. (4/22) 

Lo Paperback book at APM2113 Mon. 
(4/15) morning. It was Stephen R. 
D:>naldson's White Gold Wielder. My name is 
on the first page. Please call Doug at 452-
7992. (4/25) 

Lost: A pair of PX-20 glasses in TlH 107 men's 
room. lrg. reward. 942-8617. (4/29) 

SRt:NardS. lost blue backpack in the pub on 
Wed. 4/17. Please retum to EDNA. or call 
755-3104. Thanx. (4/29) . 

Lost-Woman's opal ring in gym locker 
room. If found please call 453-9716. Ask for 
)anIse. Reward. (4/29) 

Lo~ Dark green binder around Third Ext. 
ar I w/PSych 128 notes & PCI Tech20 
notebook. Please return if found. Call 292-
0409. (4/29) 

Lo' 2 baseball mitts In Revelle motorcycle 
pa' Ig area on Monday, April 8. If found 
pI :.e call Keith at 455-5810. (4/29) 


