
· I The debate bet\Neen Man ·vs. man vs. anima =~~=:~ 



2 Tutday,jan 22, 198~ 

What do you know now that you 
wish you knew when you first came to 
UCSD? ED A is putting tOgether an 
interactive video disk ro supply this 
kind of information to UCSD students. 
Srudellts will be able to play the "UCSO 
Game," in which they try to succeed in 
a simulated UCSD and learn useful 
advice for dealing with the real UCSD at 
the same time. ED A would like to 
include ad vice that students have found 
useful. uggestions should be sent via 
campus mail , either ro Sherman George, 
0-0044, or Jim Levin, 0-002. 

o 
A 26-year-old scuba diver with 

decompression sickness, a 4-+-year-old 
woman With cancer of the larynx and a 
trauma victim whose rehabilitation was 
complicated by a persisting pelvic bone 
infection were among varied u ers of 
the UCSO Hyperbaric Medicine Center 
last year at UCSD Center. 

In its first year of operation , the 
UCSD Hyperbaric Medicine Cemer has 
proven a valuable asset to the Medical 
Cemer's trauma and acute care 
capabilities, serving a varied group of 
patients and illnesses. 

From its January, 1984. opening to 
the end of the year, the chamber served 
59 patients with 1.300 "dives." 

Hyperbaric oxygen therapy works by 
mcreasmg the amount of oxygen that 
reaches the body tissue, according to 
Tom euman , MD, who co-directs the 
center with C Gresham Bayne, MD. 
During a treatment, the patient breathes 
a 100% oxygen concentration through a 
masl< while sitting in a compressed air 
chamber. The emire procedure, 
including the descent. treatment and 
ascent period, takes about 90 minutes. 

Dr. Neuman stressed that hyperbaric 
oxygen therapy IS an adjunct therapy, to 
be used in conjunction with antibiotics 
and other treatment to facilitate healing 
in the patient. 

A 26-year-old scuba diver sufTered 
from decompression SIckness. Because 
of multiple lengthy dives, the patient's 
body was unable to eliminate nitrogen 
which had diffused into his body 
tissues. After dlvmg, he experienced 
pains in hiS lower back, which 
progressed to numbness, tingling and 
weakness in both legs. His mu cle 
strength decreased and his spinal cord 

was affected so that he was unable to 
stand. 

Rapid recompression in the 
hyperbaric chamber helped to dissolve 
the gas bubbles in the p~tient's body, 
decreaSing the Ize of the remai ning 
bubbles. After five treatments the 
patient walked out of the ho~p ltal. 

o 
The Institute on Global Conflict and 

Cooperation is an interdisciplinary 
Multicampus Research Untt of the 
University of California . The UC 
Regents formally established the Institute 
in June of 1983. 

The focus of the institute's program is 
two-fold . It is concemed wi th conflict 
Situations which are suffiCiently severe 
so as to threaten escalation into a large-
scale war, and with various forms of 
international cooperation to meet 
problems which threaten world peace. 
The main , but not exclUSive, emphasis 
WIll be on threats and avoidance of 
nuclear war. The institute's programs 
focus on the causes of such conmCtS as 
well as the ideas, Institutions , poliCies 
and mechanisms relevant for 
eliminating, redUCing or managing 
conflicts that might lead to global war. 

The mission of Ihe institute is to 
enhance the capability of the university 
to contrihute to international security 
and cooperation by promOting and 
sponsonng the kinds of activities which 
can best be carried out by a university. 
First and foremost, it makes possible the 
exploration of ideas and the teaching of 
subjects not now adequately represented 
in the university program. The IGCC 
central office is located at UCSD. 

o 

Gays and lesbians are a minority, but 
they don't have to feel aliena ted . 
Through a very successful peer 
counseling program, under the direction 
o.f Dr. Steve Brady of Psychological 
SelVlces, gays and lesbIans can openly 
talk about their feelings and problems 
With someone who really understands. 

A telephone Helphne (452-GAYS), 
manned by peer counselors from 8-10 
pm Sundays through Thursdays, allows 
anonymous counseling and, if desired , 
subsequent one-on-one or group 
sessions. More information can be 

F' 
... "" 

i..1III r;.,j IF ... 

-

~ • .!II'. .!II L.II If ~. I .. 
"" 

... 

"'" II1II 
~~ I . 
~ 

c Sc" I' h I I over: len~lsts calm t ey need to perform' 
research on anImals to allow medical advancements 
for humans, and animal rights activists claim the 
~ractic~ is inhumane and unnecessary. UCSD now 
flOds Itself caught in the crossfire of a heated 
debate. .. a debate that has become downright 
dangerous in the light of recent death threats. See the 
cover story on page 7 and the related editorial on 
page 4. 
News: Scripps prepares for a new pier, an executive of ABC 
Television comes to campus to talk abom programming 
ethics and policy, and a recent study shows that UC students 
are still chosen from the top eighth of California's high school 
classes. 
Opinions: An edirorial on the question of scientific vs. 
animal rights, a contribution from "Alternate Visions" 
concerning women's reproductive rights, plus letters and 
Doonesbury. 
Perspec.tives: A visual look at 1984's Pulitzer Prize-winning 
can~omst Paul Conrad of the Los Angeles Times, who is 
commg to campus for a talk Thursday evening. 
Sports: UCSD went under water Down Under over the 
Christmas ~reak as the men's water polo squad traveled to the 
lsland co~un~m for a ~~ur with the Aussies. Also, a profile of 
Johnny Vlllann, a famlhar face in the equipment room. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASH LEE 

obtained through the Psychological and 
Counseling Services, 452-3755. 

Peer counseling ofTers a way to 
understand the "coming out" process: to 
help gays fi rst accept themselves and 
then to leam how to interact with others 
in society. 

o 
Ealing-a pleasurable pastime, a 

social activity, or an uncontrollable 
need? "Overcoming Compulsive Eating ," 
a workshop designed and sponsored by 
UCSD's Psychological and Counseling 
Services, wlll help those with the same 
kind of concems and fears surrounding 
their relationship with food . 

Denise Zimmerman and TemiUe 

Poner, relyi ng not only on their training 
in psychology, but also on personal 
experience, will direct the weekly 

,sessions beginning Tuesday, Jan. 29, 
.from 1-2:30 pm at the Mountain View 
Lounge on Third College. 

An appointed pre-screening session 
and sign-ups for interested individuals 
can be arranged by calling 452-3755 
before Jan. 29. 

The goal of this group, as expressed 
by Ms. Poner, is to prevent more serious 
eating disorders by giving people a 
"sense of awareness-a bener sense of 
their eating patterns and how they can 
control them." 

-Sean Wagstaff and Usa Paikin o 
rsection-------------------________________ ~~ 
" e Last call for studying abroad 

UCSD students m~y be passing up ~he opportunity of 
a hfeume If they don t ~ook IntO studymg abroad during 
their college years. Every year approXimately 700 
studetus from UC campuses participate In the UC 
Education Abroad Program (EAP) Currently there are 47 
Study Ce~ an 26 countries, spanning M continents. 
In ex.chan&r about 200 foreign studenu come to UC 
throuJh f,AP. 

board) is usuaUy less than here and the US doUar is very 
strong-thiS helps defray the cost of travel expenses. 

This \Meek is die last chance 10 for study in 
Europr,Asia.Mricaand EAP.Jan. 
25 U atw 6naI d~ fOr thee ... 

in tftQIr of me EM programs 8tUdems study for II year, 
"uariibJiD&mem to reaDy famihMiz,r themselves with 
.. new~, peopk.living condiuons, and sometimes 

a n~ Iang~. Most of the snadenrs retum condudaRa 
dw II was the most rewarding experience of thetr1l\1les 
both personaDy and acadernicaly. The students feel theY 
ha.ve grown and matured, but, mosl importantly, haw 
gamed a better Insight into global issues and a ~t 
understanding our (the US}rclauonship with the rest~ 
the world With the year-long program, ftiendships arr 
more eastly made (and continued). Studmts generaly 
feel like a real citizen of their new country. Of course 
travel opportunnies also abound. By living in a foreign 
country, one can escape the "tourist" sensation when 
exploring around . 

The cost for studying abroad is nOl such a major fa tor 
as one mighl imagine. In most cases 11 IS comrar.lble 10 
studYing for a year here at UCSO Financia aid and 
scholarships are .lv.lilable. The COSt of liVing (room and 

The ABC's of TV 
By RENEE WENRICK. scaff Writer 

A LFRED SCHNEIDER, vice-president of Policy and Standards at ABC (American 
Broadcasting Corpora tion), visited 
UCSD last Wednesday and discussed 
the return to "law and order" type 
programs, a new acceptance of black 
middle class America, the possible 
crackdown on beer and wine 
commercials and the disappearing 
"family hour." Schneider also di scussed 
television's role in society and the 
criteria for his evaluations of programs 
and commercials . 

·We produce programs based primarily 
on what the audience wd nts because 
essentially we are profit orientated . At the 
same time, we oper.l te under licenses 
which say we have to oper.lte in the public 
interest," Schneider said . 

According to Sc henider, "ratings" best 
measure what the a udience wants . 

Television should not be used as a 
propaganda tool but essentially to 
entenain and provide news and 
information, he said . 

In response to a suggeslion that "The 
Day After" had presented a rose-colored 
version of nuclear war, Schneider noted 
that the program not only Intended (0 
sho\ nuclear devastation, but to inspire 
in the audience a sense 0 hope .md a 
feeling that something should be done 
to prevent a similar disa~ter. 

'We're dealing with some 230 million 
people and what they consider ofTensive 
and acceptable . In some way [ have to 
come to a consensus on the e){tent of 
the horror of that situation. It's a 
tradeo ff between how much is tOO mu h 
and what is digestible : Schneider said. 

Asked whether he thought television 
presented little variety in program 
content a nd subject matter, Schneider 
answered that he felt there was 
sufficient diversity with some states 

having as many as 36 channels. He 
further argued that persons who \vatch a 
show because they have been influe nced 
to do so through advertisement of that 
program are doing so as a matter of 
personal choice. 

"I have the right ro influence your 
chOice . You have the right to make that 
chOice: Schneider said . 

There have been a number of changes 
in the preferences of television 
audiences, he said , one o f which is a 
renewed popularity of law-and-order-type 
programs. There was a similar appetite 
for action/ adventure shows during the 
Nixon era. 

"People are tired of what's going on 
in urban societies. Look at the reaction 
to the subway vigilante case ," Schneider 
said . 

"I don't know what we do about what 
we used to call "family hour" from eight 
to nine. The baby boom is over and 
there are fewer young people in that 
audience ," Schneider noted . 

Besides reviewing televisio n programs , 
ABC's Policy and Standards department 
looks at 50,000 commercials a year to 
determine both their "taste and 
accuracy " The commercials that receive 
the most complaints are those that 
promote feminIne hygiene, Schneider 
SaId , He added that ABC is hesitant to 
air contraceptive commercials, such as 
the new "sponge" advertisements, d ue to 
ethi al controversies and possible legal 
Implications concerning the Fairness 
Doctrine. 

The Fairness Do trine states that 
opponents of a panicular point of view 
must be granted .equal air-time by that 
station. 

"ThIS is a major question now as to 
whether we should ban beer and wine 
ad venis.ing," said Schneider. ~ 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
VCSO 
SroOENT CENTER 

I 452-0630 I· 

golt~~v~ 
~~~lt INCLUDES: , Contact lenses, ~ 41!:1,~ tra ining, follow up, examination, patient \~ I.;)"~ chemical care kit ith student I..D. and fitting. VI 'I ... ~ EXTENDED WEAR ~ .. ~ N. LENSES ONLY $265.00 

THE ClASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0 .0 . 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

Fashion \kliley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0 .0 . 
UniverSity Towne Centre 

457-4791 

Tu tsday, jan. 22, 1985 3 
":~! 
~:.;~ 

Storms have damaj!ed the old Scripps Pier. 

New pier 
for SIO 
By SUSAN SULLN AN 

SCRIPPS INSTITUTION OF Oceanography will be gening a new pier and the 69-year-old wooden 
landmark will be tom down when 
cons truction is completed sometime in 
the fall of 1986. 

The State of California has granted 
Scripps $3.13 million to build a concrete 
pier to replace the present 1,000 foot 
structure, which sustained heavy 
damage in the wimer storms of 1982-83. 
Twenty one of the 105 pilings 
supponing the pIer were damaged 
during the storms , resulting In an 
estimated repair cost of $140,000. 

According to Tom Collins assistant 
director of 5[0, the deCISion was made 
to build a new pier becau e "funher 
renovation would not be cost effective. 
You would still not have a sound 
structure." 

It is already apparent thai the new 
pier may run as much as a half million 
dollars over its origi nal budget. "The 
primary reason for the overage," said 
Coll ins, "is the demolition costs of the 
old pier," which cost $34,000 to build in 
1916. 

-The new pier will be an almost exact 
replacement of the old pier," Collins 
said, and will be built a few feet to the 
south of the existing one. The pier is 
currently planned to be the same length 
as its predecessor, and 2112 feet wider 
than the 20-foot wide wooden structure . 
If there are enough funds, another 50 
feet may be added to the length . 

-We have improved the existing 
capabili ties," said Collins. The pier will 
have three new sea-water pumps, which 
will bring up 1200 gaUons per minute 
(1.7 million gallons per day), to the 
facility replacing the three existing 800 
gpm pumps. The existing pumps draw 
up an estimated 1.2 million gallons of 
water per day, whIch IS channeled 
down to filtering and stOrage tanks at 
the shore end o f the pier. The water is 
distributed to buildings within the 
institute, such as the marine biology 
building and both the public and 
research aquariums. Another 590,000 
gaUons per day is routed to the 
Southwest Fisheries Center of the 
National Marine Fisheries Service, wh ich 
is loca ted at the north end of Scripps. 

The pier is expected to have a 100-
year Ii fespan , and construction is slated 
to begin in the early fall of this year. 

"We are taking great pains ," Collins 
said , to insure that the construction will 
nOt upset the eco-system around the 
pier, as that ·would destroy one of our 
main reasons for having the pier." The 
new pier will have a lesse r Impact on 
the environment in terms of erosion . 
because it will. require les pilings to 
suppon it, Collins said. 

The pier also serves as a launchmg 
point for smaU di vi ng operations boats, 
holds temporary and permanent lab 
faCilities for va rious research projects 
and holds the oldest tide gauge tatlon 
on the West Coast, measurIng dall), tide 
fluctuations. sea temperatures and 
salinity observations since 1916. All 
these functions will be preserved in the 
new pier, and, while there will be a 
reduced amoum of permanent lab JXlce 
on the pier, according to Collins, tbere 
will be extra deck space at the end of 
the pier for temporary lab 
eqUipment. ~ 

una oportunidad 
especial 

para usted 
Spanish 

Majors/Minors/Speakers 

For you, and the world itself. As a Peace 
Corps volunteer, you can put your degree 
to work at a challenging, demanding and 
unique opportunity. You' ll be meeting new 
people, learning a new language, experien-
ci ng a new cuhure and gaining a whole 
new outlook. And while you' re building 
your future, you' ll help people in develop-
ing countries through education, health, 
agriculture and community development 
projects. The financial rewards may not be 
great , but as 3 Peace Corps volunteer, your 
opportunity for growth is certain . 
PEACE CORPS IIICRUfTERS ON CAM~ 
InfooNtion Booth at ~ Hu"" . .January 22 & 23,lIam-/pm, 
IlEACE CORPS fiLM 
.JMllWY 22 & 23, 12noon & 3pm, Revelle Informa/Lounge, 
INTERVIEWS 
TtlJrsdav, .January 24, Slgl up In ac;.,~ at 
Career Plannlng and Placement 



4 Tuesday, Jan 22, 1985 

Another dog-day afternoon 
"I think 1 could tum and live with animal, they arc so plaCid and self-

contained." - Walt Whitman 
The recent events surrounding the treatment of animals within our 

medical research institutions bring this quote by one of America's finest 
poets qukkly to mind . Whitman's longing, though, was one of a 
romanticist, and this is not a romantic situation. Although the desire to 
live among a species whose fundamental philosophy appears to be a 
simple coexistence with its extended family may be very attractive 
indeed , just imagine these animals, living in placidity, in a constant 
state of assuredness. To know the feeling of the hunt, stalking and 
sliding across the terrain in search of a delicious meal. An animal, 
sensing an intruder, a stronger one, transforming it into prey, shivering 
and cringing with fear, Whitman describes them as self-contained, 
unreadable to man, you could add. "What are they thinking?" people say 
to themselves. So noble in their directness , in inquisitiveness and pride, 
They stand apart from the everyday whirl of man 's modem creations. 

Have you ever noticed what a cat will do while observing a homo 
sapien bathing? It will lick its paws. Cleanse itself with its tongue. 
Literally mock our devices of convenience. Tum its furry head and 
prance away in indignation with its coat gleaming from the glory of 
natural independence. 

Then there are the strays. Insecure and unloved , they wage battle each 
day against insurmountable elements, such as eight-lane super-highways. 
They might want to cross a great divider in order to reach a meadow, so 
as to scavenge a small meal. They look around , sprint across the great 
divide and get slaughtered by a metal machine that had appeared to be 
a giant, screaming owl with grossly bright eyes. In Mexico, strays are 
shot on the road for sport. Here in Uncle Sam's land , they are placed on 
an operating table to be cut open, probed and stapled with astounding 
effiCiency. 

Our medical researchers tell us that without the use of animals in 
experimentation, cures to those awful diseases that we complain about 
would not be found , You cannot test a hypotheSiS without a subject. As 
a matter of fact , in medicine you can't patent a surgical method or drug 
without a long series of experimentation, So various kennels dump their 
undesirable pooches in medical center parking lot, and a cold, scientific 
process of testing begins. 

But listen , it is possible that Fido's martyrdom for the oblivious cause 
of the "betterment of mankind" may produce a longer life for Uncle 
Albert. And if the use of animals in medical and scientific experiments 
was banned , then the new gumea pigs would be ourselves; very human, 
human bemgs. But hold on a minute! In the hiStory of mankind , people 
have been used quite frequently as unwilling participants in scientific 

research. Here are a few paltry examples. Remember the Nazis? They 
took what they believed to be an inferior race (the Jews), and dropped 
them into freeZing pools of water to see how long an individual would 
last in such a state. How about old Josef Stalin, a master at political 
experimentation? He believed that there existed a species of inferior 
workers and wanted to weed them out of his economic design , His 
device for fi nding our who they were was to discover what economic 
unit took an extra five minutes on their lunch hour: Upon finding out 
who these peons were, he would have them shot in front of aU his co-
workers. All that was left was superior workers, A history of man 
cluttered with inferiority complexes, and then man looked down once 
again and discovered the beast was still under foot. 

Now our story begins to unfold , Certain groups of people gradually 
grow tired of man suppressing the beast. They cry out for justice. "You 
are killing our forefathers," a few extoll . The evolution ists merely sigh. "It 
is survival of the fittest," they say. "Does the animal community call the 
tiger, who plays with the gazelle before he eats h im, inhuman?" Using 
animal logic, you might say. In struts the defenders of animal freedom , 
the Animal Liberation Front. 'The Animal Liberation Front won't listen 
to reason ," bark police authorities. "They are like any other terrorist 
organization who use deplorable tactics to accomplish their objectives." 
They threaten lives, plant bombs, and generally terrify the medical 
research community, 

Angry is what they are; intelligent is what they are not. Unto the 
Animal Liberation Front and its sister organizations we offer this advice: 
although your cause is just and your intentions admirable, that does not 
sanction death threats. If your objective is to bring these researchers 
into touch with your idea about what a humane act is, then practice 
what you preach. Act humane. You win truSt and confidence with 
peaceful methods, You make people realize their own humaness. Be 
warm in the face of an icy, technological storm, 

To the medical researchers here at our own , beloved institution , we 
broadcast this advice: come out and openly discuss your procedures, Be 
more aware of the implications of your work upon the hearts of society. 
People love animals on the most part, We believe that the populace 
would be willing to wait for a new-fangled drug for a few decades in 
order to save the lives of a few thousand stray dogs, 

We all have time on our hands, a millenium or years if we do not 
self-destruct. Animals are very heautiful creatures and are worthy of our 
utmost respect. Let's not treat them as if they do not suffer, or have 
happiness and strong emotion. Let us keep them around for as long as 
we are; fo r they sometimes seem so gentle , and we sometimes seem so 
vicious. 

ll<e{t{t~rr~ll®ilitcerr~ncerru~rr~n~{t{t~lf~ll~tttt~rr~n®~{t~lf~n~~tt®rr~n~fr{t®lf~n®frtt®lf~n®{tfr®lf~n®{t{t®rr~n® 
frce;rr~lettersllce;rru®rr~ll®llit~rr~n~fr{t~lf~n~frfr<E'lf~ll®tttt~lf~il®ttfr®lf~n®ttfr®lf~ll~rru~lf~ncefr{t®rr~n<efrfr® 
rr~ll®fr{t®lf~ll~{t{t<err~ll~{t{t®rr~ll®fdt~lf~ll~lt~~!f~ll® It®rr~ll~{t~~rr~ll®ilit~rr~ll®{t{t®lf~ll®f&®rr~n®{tfr®lf 
Taoist message 
Editor. 
Re. Apathy 

ot exalting the gl ted prevents 
quarrelIng 
Not collecting treasures prevents 
stealing. 
Not seeing desirable thmgs prevents 
confusion of the heart 

The Wlse therefore rule by emptymg 
hearts and stuffing belhes, 

Christian charade 111 
Editor. 

I am Immediately rcmmded of last 
year's CCC debacle , the presentation of 
the film "Assignment LIfe." CC 
members bilked class time from 
unwitting professors in order to hype 
their purported even-handed treatment 
of the abortion issue. They even 
succeeded in hoodwinking the (now 

by weakenmg ambitions and 
strengthening bones. 
If people lack knowledge and desire , 

then Intellectuals will not try to 
interfere, 

I read with amusement the latest 
attempt by the Campus Crusade for 
Christ (CCC) to bamboozle the AS 
Council into funding dnother of Its 
proselytizi ng cam paigns I have no 
argument with fu nding such a tivitles, 
but I do object to attempt to obtai n the 
fu nds by chicanery. 

If nothing IS done , then all will be well. 
Wholly yours, 

Lao Tsu 

EDlTOA: PIU' ~ 
NEWS EDfTOA: PHI. VlLQf AUOCIAlE ~ ~ .,.. ...,~aa 

COM7MUfM tCW51D1~ BWMD 
OPIMIOMS ~ t.WH\f J, CJIICNtI PlUlEaMS mne. 
COfII'( ~ M IWISDI IlMOIO EDIJOAa ACO 

~ .. ~ .. ~.~ ..... ~.AA1'S 
GlWltIC AAIIS1'Sc JC)MIt A6ANON. ~ A5K.IE. 1Qt.\ IIlOMM 
PttOTOGMPIB1t JC)MIt AKEL QIDY IIEGIN, EOtt'MD ISIWL DAlM 1IN.1IU.~tIC.·MCI.'. 

PALl AEIMJND. NCH PECJN<. N1DY SCFUr 
STAFF 'MUTERS: fotW\K 1lAfMN1IERG, ETHAN m~T. JOAN FOP.SOEAI. ANOOfA HAAMON, IlONA til 

CHPJSTI~ K.AJJS, f\OOmr lEONE, UL Y5 M::CO'f. JEFF MIJNIC. KILLEY NEAL., '4*. 
DAWN WAMINEA. YEN TAYlOl\ 

..... ,-, ..... - .... - ......... , .... ...... , ........ -, .. . . . .. .................. _ ... . 

PA5l£-UP AP.n5TS: JOHN ASHLEE. SHAP.ON NGOI. ALlJ50N PINSKY. DAVID rwJI:)W. S£4H'tIN3STMF 
TYPE5ETltRS: KEN FIA\IE. JAN HANSEN. PHUP l.AUXP.. IW4IEl. 1HCWAS 
BUSIHESS MANAGERS: CHRlS.Y4U<E, SHENDl OIN.OoID. PETEI\ HOffMNI 

T utsday, Jan , 22, 1985 , 

Defending women's reproductive freedom 
One might wonder what women have to celebrate in 

the aftermath of Reagan's inauguration 10 a second term 
of office . Yet today, women across the nation joyously 
observe the twelfth anniversary of Roe vs. Wade, the 
hislOric' Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion 
on jan. 22, 1973: This decision brought an end to the 
deaths and mutilations of women who used na ils, coat 
hangers and scalding baths to rid themselves of 
unwanted pregnancies, Safe, legal abortion has provided 
women with greater control over their bodies and their 
destinies, But the anniversary celebrations carry a 
shadow of furor at the 1]10unting attacks on legal 
abortion. Violence against abortion services in the 
United States grearly increased dUring 1984 as health 
centers around the country became targets for arson, 
bombing<; and vandalism. There were 24 attacks on 
clinics last year including San Diego's Birth Control 
Institute, which sulTered over $100,000 damage last 
September. The dra matic surge in violence, up from twO 
bombing<; in 1983 and three in 1982, has been 
accompanied by a rise in ant i-abon ion picketing as well 
as mail and telephone harrassment aimed at 
inte rrupting services at fa mily planning clinics. The ea rly 
morning bombing of a Washington D.C. clinic on New 
Year's Day forebodes more violence in 1985. 

Clinic attacks have occurred in ten dilTerent states 
from Florida to Washington, Texas to Maryla nd. In 
addition to arson and bombi ng<;, clinics have been 
vandalized and burglarized. Last: April, a Rorida 
abortion clinic was the target of shots fired from a high 
powered rille or machine gun. These attacks have forced 
some clinics to close because they are denied further 
fire insuran e or tenancy in building<;, 

Anti-abortion groups direct their harrassment at 
employees of family planning services. Staff members of 
abortion clinics receive death threats and [wo abortion 
service providers were kidnapped berween 1982 and 
1983. The firebombing of the Yakima, Washington, 
Feminist Women's Health Center during hours when 
the clinic is frequently occupied warns health workers 
that members of some anti-abortion groups do not rule 
out murder to further their cause, Earlier this year, 
Supreme Coun justice Harry A Blackmun, author of the 
Court'S decision that legalized abonion, acknowledged 
that he had requested extra Secret Service prOtection 
after receiving threats against his life, 

Men and women fron the anti-abortion movement 
picket abortion clinics to create a p hysical and 
psychological barrier to entry. Loud, threatening calls 
and confrontive tactics frighten women away from the 
clinics, Anti-abortionists have violated the confidentiali ty 
of medical records , maliciously informing women's 
families of their abortions. The anti -abortion movement 
wants to prevent women from exercising their 
constitutional right to abortion. The 24 bombings in 
1984 are only the most visible aspect of a movement 
committed to limiting a woman's right to decide when 
to have children. 

Anger and outrage are expressed by feminists who 
recognize the attacks as symbolic of the anti-women 
sentiments surfacing across the nation. Ronald Reagn's 
silence on the issue unlll 29 incidents of violence 
occurred is seen as tacit approval of the actions, Mr. 
Reagan has consistently opposed legal abortion and 

Improve Your Read,ng Speed and 
Comprehens,on from 2 10 7 times 

FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
ClASSES ON CAMPUS 
Son Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave, Suite 2D 
Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27G-6110 
M L McNulty, Administrator 

l~~ CENTER 
" ., . '1-, '''.I ''. ' . ~ .Iot .... 1"1> 

supported the Republican Party's call for a constitutional 
amendment outlawing the medical procedure, When 
Reagan finally issued a brief press release in response to 
the jan. I bombing, he carefully avoided any reference 
to terrorism, referring to the 30 bombings over the last 
three years as "violent , anarchist activities." While 
Reagan condemned the destruction in "(he strongest 
terms," his avoidance of the terrorist label absolves the 
FBI of responsibil iry for investigating the attacks. 

In early December, William Webster, director of the 
FBI, raised a public outcry about the ineffectiveness of 
the federal government in solving the investigations of 
the abortion clinic bombings when he admitted that the 
Bureau did nO! consider the surge in '\lnti-abortion 
violence to be part of a national conspiracy. As long as 
the incidents are viewed as isolated events and not the 

Doonesbury 

work of a single, conspiratory group, the FBI does not 
consider them acts of terrorism, the necessary 
distinction to receive high priority in the allocation of 
investigative resources. Instead , the Treasury 
Department's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms 
(BATF) has been handling the investigations, working 
on the local level with law enforcement agencies to 
apprehend the responsible individuals, 

Abortion rights activists believe that ~eagan's refusal 
to define the violence as terrorism expresses his lack of 
commitment to law and order when (he issue at stake is 
one he fundamentally opposes, The director of the 
National Abortion Federation , Barbara Radford, said, 
"We suspect that if we were talking about 

> CONllNUED ON PAGE 9 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 
'!ilJf(£. GeJie 
'.iPUC/N6, BUT 
'tOO }i,41'!' 1D 
WAIT 18 W!M5 
70 FINPaJT 

IlJMI ~YU 
~ ..... Ifm. \ 

students 
save over 50% 

OnREFORM®REFOORAPH 
TECHNICAL 4 PEN SETS! 

& .save20% 
Off Most Materials 
thru Februaryll 

, -with a valid student I D you get a 201M. markdown 
on any purchasel (excluding custom framing. fumlture 
and a few net Items) 

~ It1~E.B~,v!.1r!..§!Q-.... 
., 4&83 CASS ST.,PACIFIC BE 170 



ll~ilit~rr~n~ilit~rr~ll~ilit 
~<elr~lettersll<e{hl<err~ 
lf~n<eilit®rr~n~ttfr<elr~n(f 
< CONTINUED AtOM PAGE <4 < 
defunct) Health Professions Program 
newsletter. Vital Signs, into runnmg their 
announcement. Many of us turned out 

to view the film, motivated by a genuine 
interest in the vast scope and 
complexity of the abortion issue. What 
we got was escapist pap, heavily laced 
with Christian platitudes. The film 
starred a reporter with the assignment 
to investigate "both sides" of the 
abortion issue. he ended up passing 
out yellow journalism at its bla kest. The 
climax of the film was an actual 
abortion with-can you believe it-an 

opaque "modesty disk" obscuring the 
vagina! This pitiful stab at censorship 
while the abortion is in full swing was at 
once comic and tragiC. 

After the movie. the aisles were 
overtaken by CCC henchmen handing 
OUt lmle yellow (how appropriate) 
opin ion survey cards. Meanwhile. a 
young man on stage recited endless 
permutations of the theme '~esus is 
Lord." I broke for the door, nding the 

They were best friends from the best of families. 

Then they committed a crime against their count~ 
and became the two most wanted men in America. 

A PROVOCATIVE AND THRILLING MOTION PICTURE FROM 
THE DIRECTOR OF "MIDNIGHT COWBOY" AND "YANKS"-
STARRING TWO OF TODAY'S HOTTEST YOUNG ACTORS. 

THE FALCON & THE SNOWMAN 
____________ A true story ___________ _ 

GABRIEL IlATllIA ... HEMOALE """' , JOHN SCHLESINGER 'n TIMOTHY HUnON SEAN PUll! "THE FAlCON AJIII THE ~" 
=:; PAT METHENY ... LYLE MAYS 'or:: JAMES O. BISSELL == ALLEN OAVIAU = JOHN DALY ",0::.: ROBERT LIIIDSEY 
'''''''':: STEVEN ZAILLIAN " -~ EDWARD TEETS -.: GABRIEL KATlKA ... JOHN SCHLESINGER .''\: JOHN SCIllESIilGER 

!lnT!lleTlED -0 1 .... '111_'_,""."'·1 1""'''''*'''''''''''' & I COlOU' .... ""· All 0I«i0t'"f p,crURES_ 
U. D£l l1 l11(QUIJlUACCOMraUI.' [J]loca.¥ lla.Dj. t IWWU_llI_lla C. .... ~l'I(fUIIIU~OIM.t..-.n1lUP'llU 
'----'_~uu, all ,!iDUL' GUUD1A1t ® .. !it,-lCTf:Ofl1[&l'AU 

FREE SCREENING 
Wednesday, January 23rd, 8:00 PM 

U.A Glasshouse Theatre 
3156 Sports Arena Blvd., San Diego 

Passes available at University Events Box Office 

crest of a wavc of nausea. 
Hoping (naively so) that the 

nightmare was behind me, I found out 
that CCC is organizing another show-
this time an evangelical illusionist. True 
to form, CCC sat on the real reason for 
wanting the show, perhaps all the while 
praying to Jesus to put scales over the 
eyes of the AS Council. thereby 
obscuring the truth from view. As it 
happens. God sent an enlightened 
student emissary to take back the 
darkness. laying bare the actual plo!. I 
truSt we will be spared a replay of the 
"Assignment Life" sham-and Andre 
Kole's show will not be misrepresented 
to the UCSD student body. 

I wonder why CCC feels the need to 
dupe students for jesus. I suspect they 
know that should they dare be up front 
with the reasons for their presentations. 
they would end up pummelled by their 
own blather as it echoed back to them 
in the empty auditorium. 

Should the AS Council decide to fund 
the CCC presentation , I'm sure it will be 
a good show-but not nearly as 
entertaining as the sleight of hand that 
CCC has been putting on! 

Mark WoyshviUe 

Editor: 
And yet another saga of"As the AS 

Tums" ... two-faced : last week's AS 
meeting displayed the AS 
commissioners' unwilli ngness to bend 
the "rules" (AS bylaws)-the same rules 
they have so often bent in the past. 

The coordinators of Campus 
Crusaders for Christ had a simple 
request: an underwrite to bring Andre 
Kohl , an illUSionist, to campus. Because 
Andre Kohl would follow his act (after 
ample Wllrning and an intermission-i.e. 
people would be free to leave), with a 
message about his own spirituality, 

. controversy clouded the request. Some 
AS commissioners felt that by 
supporting this request, they would be 
supporting religion. a violation of AS by-
laws. AS President Marc Boroditsky was 
quick to point out that supporting this 
request was indeed a violation , and 
began to "preach" from the AS bylaws 
concerning the AS role in political and 
religiOUS stances. Bylaws are fine things 
to have, but only if they are followed in 
every instance! Where were these 
bylaws when the AS allocated money to 
such organizations as Inter-Varsity 
Christian Fellowship. Catholic Student 
Coordinators. Union of jewish Students, 
the new indic~tor, L'Chayim, The California 
Review and Other similar organizations? 

The AS Activity Fee Director, jill 
Lifschiz, presented two important 
points: 1. The request was for an 
underwrite , not an AS sponsorship 
allocation. 2. The AS has already funded 
similar requests to similar 
organizations-why stop now? Some 
commissioners argued there was no 
difference between an underwri te and 
an allocation (a lOaner of semantics, 
they said). but there were many 
differences between the organizations 
listed previously. By the same token. the 
differences between the organizations 
are semantic-the philosophy may be 
different but the intent is always the 
same when all is bared. 

Obviously, these religious and 
political views "Ire gray areas that need 
to be defined . But one does not start by 
singhng Ut a specific organization with 
the argument. 'You have to stop 
somewhere." That is the worst position 
to take. The AS needs to devise a 
consistent policy concerning these 
Issues. Deah ng with a gray area does not 
justify inconsistent decision-making. If 
the AS decides to violate their bylaws in 
one case , they must do it for all cases. 

The AS ended up refusing the 
request-yes, it was a close VOle , but not 
a fair vote . Until decisions are 
consi tent for these types of issues. thcir 
decisions can hardly be onsldered 
demo r .. tic . 

As a side 1l00C . ampus Crusaders for 
Christ receIved some fundi ng from an 
outside source - thank God somebody is 
listening. 

Marie Steckbauer 
Gary Gleason 

Members of the Registration Fee 
Committee 

'11 Tuesday, Jan. 22, 1985 7 

Animal research draws death threats 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, ASSOCiate Ncws Editor 

ON MONDAY. JANUARY 14. Dr. AR. Moossa, c hairman of the Department of Surgery at the 
UCSD School of Medicine. was forced to 
cancel a course on surgical stapling 
techniques because of a telephone threat 
on his life. It was the fourth time in less 
than two months that a UCSD professor 
has been threatened by animal rights 
activists because of work with laboratory 
animals . 

Moossa canceled the seminar after he 
appeared on KGTV Channel 10 Monday 
to describe the procedure. Shortly after 
the program aired , an unidentified man 
reportedly called Moossa's office and 
said. "Either Dr. Moossa stops the 
course or I will personally shoot him in 
the head." 

Moossa declined to comment on the 
threat. 

It is believed to be the first time a 
demonstration or experiment on 
animals at a California state school has 
been caUed off because of threats from 
animal rights groups such as the 
underground Animal Liberation Front 
(ALF). which claimed credit for a bomb 
threat (protesting the sale of furs) at the 
Broadway department store in Fashion 
Valley earlier this month. 

Moossa's course was part of the 
annual San Diego Postgraduate Assembly 
in Surgery scheduled for this week, 
January 21-25 , a t the Sheraton Harbor 
Island East. The course was intended to 
train practicing surgeons in the 
technique of surgical stapling. a 15-year-
old method used to close wounds. 
Stapling is a faster and safer method of 
closing wounds than suturing, and also 
speeds the rate of patient recovery, 
according to a University statement. 

The issue that ultimately led to the 
threat on Moossa's life-and to recent 
threats on other researchers-is that the 
stapling techniques were to be practiced 
on live dogs. one to every two surgeons. 

At an animal rights demonstration at 
the UCSD Medical Center Saturday, 
scheduled to coincide with the 
laboratory stapling session, Bettejane 
Tileston . a member of People for the 
Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). 
commented on the cancellation of the 
seminar: "We believe that there was a 
threat on his life. but it could be just 
something he's saying .. . (Moossa) said 
in a mimeographed letter to me that it 
[the stapling demonstration I has been 
canceled because of the death threat. 
We really don't believe it's been 
canceled. We think it's been 
rescheduled ." Tileston further 'explained 
that Moossa did not cancel the seminar 
because he thinks it is unethical. "That 

really bothers us because we're trying 
very hard to enlighten these people." 
she said. 

UCSD Director of Public Information 
Paul West said that the demonstration 
was canceled by Moossa, not by the 
UCSD administration. He also said that 
the demonstration has not been 
rescheduled. But, he added. "Somewhere 
along the line this course will be 
rescheduled. This (th reat) has not 
changed the UniverSity'S position on 
animal research at all." 

The stapling suture course would have 

which are either bred especiaUy for 
laboratory experiments or are purchased 
from livestock dealers. 

But for the most part , pound animals 
are the focus of attention. One sign 
carried by a demonstrator Saturday read , 
"Your pet could be used for scientific 
research at UCSD." UCSD uses about 
600 pound animals a year for research , 
according to West. The California 
Biomedical Research Association 
(C BRA) , to which all UC schools and 
most of California's major biological 
research institutions belong, reports that 

"Virtually every major medical advance in this 
century has depended upon animal research." 

'They use live dogs because it is more dramatic ... 
and because they are accustomed to using live animals. " 

used 36 fully anesthetized pound dogs 
scheduled to be put to death by the 
pound. It is the use of pound animals 
that seems to draw the biggest reaction 
from animal rights groups. The various 
local and state groups available for 
comment. including PETA, the Animal 
Rights Coalition (ARC), Students United 
Protesting Research on Sentinent 
Subjects (SUPRESS). and the Humane 
Society of the United States Chased in 
Sacramento). have been opposed to all 
forms of research using pound 
animals-both cats and dogs . The 
Humane Society is the only group that 
tolerates any kind of animal research at 
all. and then only on animals bred 
espeCially for research. 

In addition to dogs and cats, UCSD 
uses mice , rats, rabbits, an assortment of 
livestock. and other animals, most of 

15 million animals end ur in pounds 
annually, three percent 0 which are 
used in research. The COSt of a pound 
animal to a university averages 
apprOXimately $50. 

According to a CBRA release, "Many 
treatments of disease were completely 
dependent upon the use of animals in 
research and teaching. Dr. James 
Wyngarden, director of the National 
Institutes of Health , states that 'virtually 
every major medical advance in this 
century has depended upon animal 
experimentation.''' Some examples of 
diseases for which immunizations were 
derived through animal research include 
polio. diptheria , mumps, measles and 
hepatitiS. Animal research has also led 
to such treatments as antibiotics. insulin 
and chemotherapy. and such surgical 
techniques as coronary bypass. 

THE FIFwfH ANNUAL 

CAMBRIDGE/UCLA 
PROGRAM 
SUMMER 1985 

replacement of joints, and transplants of 
hearts. lungs , kidneys and livers. 

But animal rights groups are quick to 
claim that animal research is not 
necessary. "Sooner or later, people are 
going to have to realize that they can't 
live forever." Tileston said. 

SaUy Mackler is the co-coordinator of 
the San Diego Chapter of PETA, which 
boasts 30,000 members nationwide. 
Mackler advocates a vegetarian lifestyle 
"for our own health as well as the health 
of animals." She states that there are 
alternatives to using research animals. In 
the case of the stapling course. for 
example, she says, "They could get 
entrails from the slaughterhouse and 
praLtice on those just as easily .... The 
company that sells the stapling 
instruments is known to get dogs from 
'bunchers,' people who steal dogs and 
sell them. They use live dogs because it 
is more dramatiC, number one, and 
number twO, because they are 
accustomed to using live animals ... .-

Although the dogs are on "death row" 
at the pound , PETA and the other 
organizations are opposed to using 
them for experiments, with or without 
anesthezia. "Picture your dog in the 
pound: Mackler says angrily. "It's going 
to have been in the street, it's going to 
be terrified. Then it is going to be 
mishandled. Semi-hysterical. 11 gets 
dragged in to be thrown on a laboratory 
table before finally being anesthetized. 
That's much different than humane 
euthenasia." 

Although aU of the animal rights 
groups officially deny any involvement 
with the threats made on Moossa and 
others. they h ave expressed their 
satisfaction with the results of those 
threats. Tileston said that the members 
o f the AFL. the group many claim is 
responSible for the threats. are "so 
frustrated that nothing has been done" 
about animal research and that "the 
insensitivity is getting more Widespread. 
It [researchl is getting crueler. It's getting 
worse and worse. I think they're Just 
venting their frustration .... " She added, 
"It's not our group [PETAl that made 
that threat." 

"We certainly don't condone any 
threat to any living thing." Mackler said. 
"It runs contrary to our e thical and 
moral feelings. We [PETAl were happy 
about the cancellation. but we were 
unhappy about the reason for it." 

University officials have provided 
Moossa with an armed guard since the 
death threat. The San Diego Police and 
the FBI are investigating the threats 
made on Moossa and other UCSD 
faculty. Il:il 

I ~~ I ARN COllEGE CREDITS 
WHILE EXPERIENCING 
THE CAMBRIDGE 

LEARNING ENVIRONMENT. 

medieval market towns and 
Villages surrounds it, and london 
is o nl y 60 miles away. 
CO U R S ESP LAN NED: 

Churchill and His Times. Tudor 
England • British Politics and 
Economics. Medieval English 
Society • Architecture of England. 

live the academic life in a commu-
nity with a 700·year tradition-
learning through lectures, lively 
small group discussions, and 
field trips. 
Your residence is TRINITY HALL, 
CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY, located 
at the center of the historic 
colleges and the ancient City of 
Cambridge. A countryside of 

Celts, Romans, and Saxons • 
English Country Houses . The 
World of the Book. Shakespeare's 
England. British Intelligence 
Operations • Fine & Decorative 
Arts in England . Class and 
Society in Britoin Today . Post-War 
British Drama. British Contributions 
to Science • Archaeology of 
Britain. landscapes and Gardens 
• Dickens· Shakespeare's Plays. 

Two three-week sessions are 
scheduled: June 30-July 20 and 
July 21-Aulust 10, 1985. 
Enrollment is also open for the entire 
six·week period. 
FOR A DESCRIPTIVE BROCHURE, 
write or call Cambridge/UCLA 
Program, Department UCSDG, 
P.O. Box 24901, los Angeles, 
CA 90024; (213) 825-2085. 



8 Tuesday, Jan. 22, 1985 

UC picks front top eighth 
In line with gUidelines set by the 

Master Plan for Higher Education , the 
University of California continues to 
select its students from the tOP one-
eighth of the state's eligible high school 
graduates, a cording to a report by the 
California Postsecondary Education 
Commission (CPEC). 

state colleges and universities in the last 
seven years. In addition, the decline 
occurred among all ethnic groups, 
except Hispanics. whose rates rose 
slightly, according to the report. 

I n fall 1983, the followi ng figures 
show the percentage of high school 
gradu.ues who were eligible for 
admission to UC (with .the latest 
comparable data , completed in 1976, in 
parenthe es): Blacks , 3.6 (5.0); 
Hispanics, 4.9 (4.7); Asians, 26.0 (39.0); 
Whites, 15.5 (16.5). 

The CPEC study shows that in fall 
1983, 13.2% of graduating seniors from 
the state's public high schools were 
ehgible for UC admission. 

The statewide study reports an overall 
decline in the eligibility rates of public 
high school graduates for admission ro 

"The low eligibility rates for 
underrepresented minority stUdents 

ELMS 
HAIR 

ESIGlf 

PrecIJloII SlfI'£ cuts for _ $lJ (reg. $18) 
1''I'ec1s101l SlfI'£ cuLl for _" $10 (reg. $15) 

DiredJoul perrru $Z5 (reg, $fO) Scu'pCwU ,..,/5 (full set) $18 (reg. $40) 
"""CIIr£ W hdlcur£ $U (reg. $28) ~"op""'£ $15 (reg. $25) 

OM hour (acYl 11_ $U (reg. $55) 
011£ hour ....... £ II_ $Z5 (reg. S55) 

Speci~/ist5 in bud lui, 
A full seroice ~/on 

7608 LindltfsU Rd. (I'f~ Co/lege Dr, It 163) l6IJ.3865 
I'IeM1 U'OIl (formerlll ~ JoII. Culling Co. ) 757 Purl St..LI JoIu 

456-1170 456-1815 

SpecUI5 good with lid with seitICkd sl!Ili5Ls through 2/ +/M 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

The Dell' Arte Players COlllpany 

M~ractice 
l,o\\~(/js the J(" 
Lifted from the Cia sic Co medies of Moliere 

... 

' ''I J af I t>~ ' I., t.hh.nkl \ , ~ otU 
I ",,, .. '", ,,"unl n.J III ... . , .. I J ,or. " 

January 25, friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $7_00, Students $5.00 
UCSD Fac/StafI/Sr.Cit. $6.00 

• In 

(i)T!~E'mf]N &: UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 _~ 

continue to be a source of serious 
concern ro the University ," UC Senior 
Vice President for Academic Affairs 
William Frazer says. Continuing efforts 
by the University's Early Outreach and 
other academ ic affirmative a tion 
programs, however, have proven that 
"eligi bility rates among minority students 
for ad mission to UC can be increased ," 
Frazer points out. 

Early Outreach programs concentrate 
on high school students who show 
potential to become eligible for 
admission to UC and provide them 
with academic program planning, 
appropriate course selection and tutorial 
assistance. 

Participants in these programs, mostly 
in high schools with predominantly 
minority enrollments, achieved a 24% 

eligibility rate in fall 1983, compared 
with 13.2 for California high school 
graduates generally, Frazer says. 

In addition , 70% of Early Outreach 
graduates went on to college, with over 
26% enrolling at UC or the California 
tate University system. "Consequently, 

the University enrolls a substantial 
percentage of those minority high shool 
graduates who attain eligibility," Frazer 
says. 

The declining eligibility ra tes among 
high school graduates found in the 
CPEC stud y, Frazer concludes, 
"demonstrates a need for more intensive 
efforts to improve the quality of high 
school education for minority students 
and to encourage them ro prepare for 
college-level work." 

- Sean Wagstaff 

~--------~ -- - - --- --

Student Premium- 553.00 
Spouse-S66.25 
Children-$66.25 

L--_____ per quarter-

ENROLLING NOW until Feb, Jrd 
____ Information and applications ore OIIOilable at ----

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452· 3300 
Pleas. not.: Revised desalptive brochures ore OIIOIIable or 
the Student Health Center. The new brochures replace any prior 
brochures desaibing the 1964-1985 UC5D Student Insurance · 
Plan underwrinen by Allooto InternatIonal Insurance CompaIY 
under Polky No. AH01965. Arly brochure Thot does nor ha.te 
the nototion REV.BRO.ED.9/64 AH01965 i$ no longer in effect. 

University Events Office 'presents 
I 

- .I 
. - .. ..-.. 

"Four more years!" 

An Evening With 

January 24, Thursday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $6.00, Students $4.00 
F ac / Sta ff / S r.Cit. $5.00 

--

____ UCSD Box Office & @Tl~E'mf]N : 452-455~ 

TueSil4y,Jan. 22. 1985 9 

A society based on the equality of sexes 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE' < 
a chain of supermarkets that had 
been bombed 29 times in one year, we 
would see an FBI investigation ." 
Furthermore, many aspets of the 
violence suggest the existence of a 
coordinated, nationwide movement. 
Members of the "Army of God" have 
claimed responsibihty for many of the 
clinic attacks. including the most recent 
attack in Washington D.C. At least three 
of the nine suspects arrested in 
connection with 12 incidents openly 
acknowledge their affiliation with the 
group. The concurrent bombings on 
Sept. 13, 1984, of the Nonhside Family 
Planning Service in Atlanta, Georgia and 
the Birth Control Institute in San Diego 
provide further evidence of a nationally-
based conspiratory movement. Until the 
federal government raises the stature of 
the violence to terrorism, the 
investigations will be hampered by the 
decentralized approach of the BATF. 

Religious fanaticism -fuels the Army of 
God , prOViding their justification for the 
attacks on abortion rights. They claim 
the group is carrying out the work of 
God to "protect innocent lives." Don 
Barry Anderson is a self-avowed member 
of the Army of God who is currently 
serving a 42 year sentence for three 
abortion clinic bombings and the 
kidnapping of an Illinois clinic director. 
Anderson is very outspoken about his 
religious commitment to the anti-
abortion violence. "These are just the 
warning blasts," he said. "We are in the 
embryonic stages of a civil war, a holy 
war: Yet the anti-abortion movement 
has not gained the suppon of the 
majority of the nation's religious leaders. 
While many women would not choose 
abortion themselves, they respect the 
sanctity of the constitutional right to 

religious expression and freedom from 
undue invasion of privare lives. Some 
members of the Catholic clergy, believed 
by most people to be the staunchest 
opponents of legal abonion, have 
publicaUy acknowledge the "diversity of 
opinions among people (of the Catholic 
faith)" in regards to abortion. On Oct 7, 
1984, a group of nuns, priests and 
religious brothers placed an 
advenisement in the New Yom Times to 
state their belief that abortion can 
sometimes be a moral choice. The ad, 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

~-

Ina 

January 27, Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $10.50, Students 56.50 
UCSD Fac/StafT/Sr.Cit. 58.50 

(j)TlCMiTMN· & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

published in reaction to Archbishop 
John]. O'Connor's attack of Geraldine 
Ferraro for her pro-chOice pOSition, 
evoked threats of expulsion from the 
Church sent from the Vatican . The pro-
choice Catholics' support for legal 
abortion is Significant because it 
represents the belief of the large 
majority of Americans that abortion is 
fundamentaUy a personal decision that 
belongs in the private realm. 

Support for legal abortion has been 
quite consistent over the last ten years. 

Gallup polls repeatedly show that over 
70% of the public believes that abortion 
should be legal under some 
circumstances. Given the overwhelming 
majority opinion, one wonders why a 
small minority is so intent on imposing 
its religious beliefs on the nation. When 
viewed in the larger context, the attacks 
on abortion rights are symbolic of the 
backlash aimed at the gains toward 
equality that Women have made over the 
laSt 20 years. Other programs that are 
critical to establishing equal 
opportunities for women , such as the 
Equal Rights Amendment, day care, 
comparable worth and equal funding in 
education, have also been undermined 
in the last four years. Yet reproductive 
rights are the focus of the right wing's 
most vehement anger, worthy of violent 
repression, because the control of 
reproduction is so fundamental to the 
liberation of women. 

Jan. 22 , 1985, is indeed an historic 
occasion for both women and men. 
Legal abortion and access to 
contraception have been fundamental to 
our movement toward a society based 
on equality of the sexes. The recent, 
mounting attacks on abortion clinics 
remind us that the sanctity of our 
constitut ional rights will not be 
respected without continued , ac tive 
support. The time has come for people 
to speak out in defense of our right to 
control our destinies. We must never return 
{Q the terror of the back-aUey abortionist. 
Our sisters and daughters must not be the 
victims of septic abortions. Nor will we be 
tyrannized by compulsory pregnancy 
again. Our celebration of this day must be 
accompanied by a renewed commitment 
to defend our reproductive freedom. 

-Chm WUIT, a member of "Alternate 
Visions: a feminist writers' collective at UCSD. 

SIGN YOUR TEAM Up Now!! 
RENEGADE TEAMS HAVE 

UNTIL",!!!!~ 

..... T .... Jan, 30. Wed,. 6:00 p,m,. HL Auditorium 
Muir T .... : jan, 27. Sun,. 6:00 p.m .. Muir Dining Commons 

1'hW CoJIeIe T .... : jan. 28. Mon .• 4:30 p,m .. Peterson Han 108 
Warra T .... : Feb. 4. Mon,. TBA 

...... T .... jan, 31. Thurs,. 6:00 p.m .• North Conference Rm. 

CaiIllPa-1WlCle Colle,_ Bowl PIa-h 
Pebraary 6. Wednesday. 8:00 p.m. 

Revell_ CafeterIa 

___ can or stop by the University Events Office. 452-4559, _--' 



10 Tuesday,Jan. 22, 1985 

"ReJigion and politics are necessarily related." 
-Reagan 

.' ... --

Exdlutvt Inttrvkw for 
Thursday's Guardian i.uIu 

1IIi"'-~- '''.:.i~.;> - . 
--.... . 25'Se •• 

A waldn. a call from the Praident. 

J ' 
'-i 

• 

I 

I 
I 

,1 , 
I , 

/1 
I • 

/ I 
,/ 1/ 

I 

Tuesday, Jan , 22. 1985 11 

"The deaths ye died I have watched beside 
and the lives ye led were minc." - Kipling 

. . 

. . 
. .. 

C' 
'Victory finds a hUlldred fathers - Hefea. is an orphan.' 



//n\\~~(~) ) 
o 0 (~( ==::J: ~~( ~~) I I~) 

Attn: Shuttle Riders 
Student/ staff input is crucial as the 

administration prepares to institue cutbacks. Voice 
your opinions now. Come to the AS Council 
meeting Wednesday night at 6:30 pm in the Nonh 
Conference Room of the student center or call 
Micki at 452-4450. Only you can prevent the 
shuttle's death! 

A great opportunity 
Are you interested in a business, accounting, or 

management consulting career? If so, you will want to 
attend an outstanding presentation by one of the top 
consulting and accounting firms in the country, Anhur 
Anderson &: Co. A UCSD graduate and other 
representatives will be in PH 102 at 7 pm on Thursday, 
jan. 24. Sponsored by EMSSA (Econ. &: Management 
Science Student Association .) 

Aeronautics and Astronautics 
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics 

presents The HIAM (High Internal Air Mass) milestone in 
aeron.autical engineering. In his [aik, Budd Love will discuss the 
revolutionary new wing design which gives much higher lift 
coefficients. january 23 from 7-8 pm in Urey Hall 2102. 

Join the Women's Resource Center 
We need you! New staff training begins on Thursday.Jan. 24 

at 4 pm. Volunteer and gain experience to stan off, it could 
develop into paid positions. Training will be held at the WRC 
(next to the food co-op.) Refreshments served. For more 
information, contact Adrienne at 452-2023. 

Fun, Fun, Fun!!! 
Interested in programming music and speCial events on 

campus? If so, come to the University Pop Events meeting on 
Tuesday, jan. 22 at 5 pm. For more information call Linda at 
452-4090. 

Internal Energy Cultivation 
&: 

Shaolin Kung-Fu Demonstration 
Wednesday, jan. 23 at 7 pm 
North Balcony, GymnaSium 

presented by Shao/in Kung-Fu Club (new members welcome.) 

Attention: Student Orgs. 
All submissions for the Bulletin must be 

turned in by Wednesday at noon for 
Monday 's issue. Please put material in the 
Bulletin mailbox. For more information 
please contact Bob Ames at 452-4450. 

ASSOR VINYL 
Your Source 

ASSORTED VINYL 
In the Student Center 

WANTED: 
Return of the AS Popcorn Machine! "Amnesty will 
be granted." Possible REWARD. Tips on the 
whereabouts of the machine should be directed to 
452-4083 in the Student Activities Office. 

KSDT Orientation next week! 
Thursday, Jan 24 at 5 pm at KSDT in 
the Student Center. 

Come to the Communication Club 
Come one, come all to UCSD's 1st Communication Club 

meeting o[Winter quaner. Don't miss out. Thursday,January 24 
at 4 pm in MCC 201. 

Political Film Series this week 
"Garm Hava (Searching Wind)" a story about Muslim 

experiences in the violent aftermath of the India-Pakistan 
panition. And "So Far From India" about a young Indian 
immigrant who comes to New York will be screened Friday, 
January 25 in Peterson 110 at 7 pm. FREE! 

Exploring your sexuality? 
Come to a "Women-loving-women" support group. You'll 

find a confidential network of friends willing to listen. Join us 
on Mondays at 4:30 pm in the Women's Resource Center (next 
to the food co-op) for a cup of coffee and a chat. See you there. 

International Fireside Lectures 
"What Has Become of Mitterand's Socialism?" With Dr. 

Henry Ehrmann, visiting professor from Dartmouth College. Dr. 
Ehrmann is know world-wide as a specialist in comparitive 
politicS with a particular emphasis on France. Tuesday,Jan. 22 
at 7:30 pm in the International Center Lounge. 452-3730. 

Israel Action Committee Meeting 
We're having our next meetin on Wednesday,Jan . 23 at 5:30 

pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge. The topic of discussion will 
be the Sharon vs. Time libel case. For more info call Micah at 
x3616 or 587-0942. 

How about an intemsh~p for Spring? 
Thinking about doing an internship Spring Quarter? Find 

one through ASIO. We offer internships for just about every 
major in all areas of the U .S. - Washington, D.C., greater 
California, San Diego and here on campus. The application 
deadline for Spring quarter internships is Feb. 1 so call 452-
4689 or stop by our office above the game room in the student 
center for more information now! 

TGI F ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

1.&& 
c;::) 

Where have you been hiding? 
Come join tile fun this Friday, 
4 PM on the hump. 
Dance to THERMAL SHOCK. 
FREE FOOD AND DR INK JAN. 25 I88S 

TGIF Logo Needed. Submit all ideas, no 
matter how strange, to john Aliano in 
Associated Students office or call 452-4450. 

Any campus organizations interested in 
selling food at TGs please contact john Aliano 
at 452-4450. 

Midterms Approaching? 
Quaner Notes can help. 

(Formally called Lecture Notes) 
Classes currendy covered: 

Bio: 1. 19, 101. 155 
Chern 6A (Schlessinger &' Tilley) 
Chern 68 (Sawrey &: Trogler) 
Comrn Hip 1 

Jut added: P¥ 3 
We are open 9-3 M-F and Quarter Notes are $11.00. We . 
are located in the Student Center across from the Food 
Co-op. 452-6238. 

International Club Announcements 
Opportunities for study, work and travel in United Kingdom. 

Featuring: 1) Education abroad . 2) Enrollment in study 
programs offered by other u.s. universities. 3) Direct 
enrollment in U.K universities. 4) Academic internship. 5) 
Summer study programs. 6) Short term paid work through CIEE 
work abroad program. 7) Volunteer work options. Important 
meeting on Thursday, Jan. 24 at 3 pm in the International 
Center. 

International Food Festival. You don't h ave to travel abroad 
to get a taste of a foreign culture. We have an interesting 
international population right here at UCSD. Join us if you like 
good food and company on January 26 at 6:30 pm. Tickets 
available at the International Center. Call x3730 for more 
information . Hurry only 100 tickets available . 

As always , the International Club meets every Wedne day at 
5:30 pm to plan future events. This club is open to all UC D 
student. Or drop in to ay "Hi" to lana , Frances, Manana, 
Rei ko (Iml lr. Resident ). International enter Lounge 

Tuesday. Jan . 22. 1985 13 

.. , 

Want business contacts? 
Want easy money for your student 
organization, donn/res. hall, rec. club, 
fraternity or soro~ty? 

OURCE 
Students Organizing University Resources 

through Community Exchange 

With SOURCE you can have it all. Build your 
resume, meet community leaders, gain important 
experience, raise funds 6;[ publicize your group. 
Important 1st Meeting: Tuesday, January 22 at 3:30 in 
Administrative Complex room lIlA Please contact Marla 
Winitz for more information at 452-4450 in the AS. Office. 

The Food Co-op has new hours! 
For bagels, juices, trail mixes, dairy, sandwiches and more -

come see us! M-Th 8:45-6 pm. Friday 8:45-4 pm and Saturday 
10-3 pm in the Student Center. 

Performers wanted for Sun God Fest. 
If you or your group would like to perform your music, dance , 

drama, juggling or any other type of entenainment act during 
the day at the Sun God Festival, leave a description of your act 
and your name and phone number in the Sun God Box in the 
AS or call Susan Smith at 755-3477 or 452-3670. 

Do you have what it takes? 
Wanted: Energetic individuals to help plan this year's Sun 

God Festival. People needed for the following sub-committees: 
Student organization , entenainment, publiCity, field operations 
and historical. Contact Susan Lewis or John Trumpler in theAS 
Offices at 452-4450. 

The Che Cafe Presents 
Wednesday, Jan. 23 All you can eat spaghetti, garlic bread 

and salad from 5-7 pm. On Saturday,Jan. 26 there's a panywith 
the TROWSERS. $3 and fresh Rebel pizza. Proceeds go to 
benefit the legal defense fund of David Mendez and Emilio 
Henriquez, two vocal EI Salvadorean revolutionaries battling for 
precedent setting political asylum and against a death sentence 
deportation. 

Volunteer workers need orientations on Mondays at 10. 

Get a tan! 
Relax in the sun while volunteering some spare time to sit at 

the polls for the upcoming referendum on February 12 &: 13. It's 
painless and a great way to meet people. Contact Robin 
Newland in the AS Office. 452-4450. 

KSDT news wants you! 
KSDT news is looking for students intere ted in current 

events, news analysis, and local reporting. If you would like to 
find out m re about radi journalism. contact the news director. 
FranK Lng, at 452-3673 or come to the weekl)1 news meeting, 
Monday afternoons at 4 pm. 



An awesome Aussie holiday 

Churning the waters Down Under 

By CHRISTINA KAUS 
"I T WAS GREAT! My expectauons 

were totally exceeded!" 
exclaimed water polo coach 

Denny Harper. Harper and five players 
from thiS year's water polo team were 
part of the team which competed in 
Australia and New Zealand this past 
winter break. 

"It was an amazing trip! We didn't 
have a moment to think," continued 
coach Harper. "We've got about 3,000 
slides. I can't wait to see them'" 

The five players Harper selected to 
take t1e trip down under were Dana 
Grelsen, Ray Haywood, Duncan Millar, 
John Everheart and Larry Saunders He 
chose Haywood , Greisen and Millar 
because he wanted the maturity and 
skill of older, more advanced players. 

"I think I made good choices," said 
Harper. "I wanted guys wilh character; 
not a bunch of crybabies. And I think 
we all gOl along great!" 

Also chosen for the trip were Buck 
Buchanen and Steve Eccles, co-captaIns 
of UC D's J 982 water polo team; Tom 
Jorgadson and Dave Harry, (Harper calls 
them the "Blast from the Past"); Chris 
Ramey from Pomona-Puzer; Joe Schafer 
from OCcidental; and Mark Gines, Brad 
Munroe and Tim McNaughton from 
Claremont. All the players paid the $1800 
trip COSt themselves, which was 
arranged through USA Sports Exchange . 

"Ir was my best vacation everl" said 
Greisen . "Our first day there, we went 

right down to the heach for a bum 
session. Everyone was so white! The trip 
was basically for fun . Water polo broke 
up the travelling." 

The team's first game was in Sydney, 
at the Droymoune Pool. "It was a casual 
game , but we were excited because we 
were known as the American team," said 
Harper. He did note a difference in 
pIa ying styles between the two countries. 
"They have a much more rugged style. 
Here a certain foul is an automatic call. 
There, it was up to the official if he felt 
like calling it." 

Greisen agreed. "There were light and 
heavy fouls , and I could never tell the 
difference. And in Australia, there's no 
three-foul situation , which means you 
can't get kicked out!" 

In one game, the team found 
themselves swimming against Andrew 
Kenn and Charlie Turner, three-orne 
Olympic competitors. In fact, five of the 
seven players on that team were from 
the Australian Olympic team. "They were 
huge, strong guys' " commented Greisen. 

The game agamst the New Zealand 
national team was televised . "It was my 
favorite game ," said Greisen. However, 
Harper wasn 't too pleased with the 
officiating. "It was incredible. We should 
have been ahead 5-1 and instead we 
were behind 4-1 . And I didn 't help 
matters! " he laughed. "I started to act 
Irritating toward the offjClal~ ' I guess it 
pis ed them om" Despite it all, In a hlg 

comeback the team eventually won 13-
11. 

The most important game, according 
to Harper, Greisen and Larry Saunders, 
was against the Australian students 
wa ter polo team. "We were in a bar with 
a bunch of other guys and so was the 
Auss ie team ," sa id Grcisen. "They were 
talking on about how they were gonna 
kill us! But we won 18-8. Not even 
close!" Overall, for the trip, the team was 
B-3. 

However, water polo was only a small 
ponion of the trip. "There was so much 
to do," said Saunders. "The hardest part 
was finding our way around ." 

The team saw the Lone Pine National 
Reserve in Brisbane, where they took 
pictures with their arms around 
Kangaroos. "You would think they would 
run away," said Greisen. "But they just 
lie there!" 

The team bodysurfed on the Gold 
Coast, where, according to Harper, "pass 
the sunscreen" was the saying of the 
day. They ~Iso took the Hamor Cruise 
In Sydney and saw the famous Opera 
House. In fact, Sydney was the favorite 
place for most of the team. 

"There was more to do late at night," 
said Saunders. "The trains ran all night 
In New Zealand, everything closed at 10 
pm." Greisen agreed, adding, "The 
Australians were much friendlier. One 
guy from another team even set us up in 
an empty apanment to stay in during 
our last days!" 

Drinking beer was a big part of the 
trip. "The Australians take a much 
different approach to water polo ," said 
Harper. "It's much more social. Right 
after the game, the guys would jump out 

of the pool and head for the pub. And 
so did we' They just love to drink beer. 
And it's so much better Without 
preservatives." In fact, Saunders 
mentioned he had put on weight from 
the beel drinking. 

"We had '4X' branded on our 
forehead! " laughed Greisen about a 
brand of Australian beer. "There's a 
commercial about it, and we would 
break into song, 'I feel a 4X comin' on!' 
But we introduced Kamikaze's to them! 
They even brought us a batch to the 
airport when we left. It was the first 
time they ever made it, and it was the 
best I ever had'" 

"The camaraderie on the trip was 
incredible!" said Harper. "I guess I chose 
the right bunch of guy!" 

"It was pretty amazing there weren 't 
any squabbles," said Greisen. "I, for one , 
was kinda tense with the guys from 
Claremont (UCSD's biggest rival), but 
[here was no problem at alL In fact, they 
thought up the motto of the trip , 'Alotta 
Love!' Decisions on where to go were 
decided by 'Rocks, scissors, paper' and 
nobody argued." 

"It was just incredibly great'" sa id 
Greisen. "Everyone was so friendly. 

"I think this trip was very important 
because now we are internationally 
known ," said Harper. "We really opened 
some eyes With our playi ng, We really 
played well. Plus, you can't beat the 
feeling of representing the United States. 
That's what we did. We were referred to 
as the team from USA, and at games the 
US flag would be up there next to the 
Australian flag. It was great." He paused. 
"I can't wait to go again. Real soon." ~ 

Ray Haywood (a bove), Dana Greisen, Duncan Millar, John Everhearr and Larry Saunders 
fo und themselves playing against members of the Auslralian Olympic team while Down Under. 

Tuesday,)an. 22, 198' l' 
'SVt>Q.TS ~ 

y "> ~. .... «~ ... ~ ':b Xi(. • • ~ 'l-;-=:. . .' . '.~::9;.,. " ... oN ;.; .~. '. • ~ .~« . ".'. :/.~ 

energy. He's a super guy who is easy 
going, doesn't put any pressure on 
anybody and is always on top of 
things." The best-

equipped man 
Villarin himself seems to have a low-

key, flexible attitude toward his work; an 
attitude which both coach and athlete 
need and appreciate, Villarin also 
appears to do one thing some people 
never do: he enjoys his work. And for 
someone who stans his workday at 7:30 By ALICIA AGOS, Sports Editor 

T HE PADRES' TENTH man has nothing on this guy. If you've ever been in the mai n gym for a 
volleyball or basketball game, or even if 
you've ventured out to the far regions of 
Warren Field for a soccer or track 
contest, you've probably seen him. 
Hanmless though he may seem, John 
Villarin, an inter-coUiegate department 
veteran , is the backbone of almost aU 
the athletic programs at UCSD. 

"At any school," said women's 
volleyball coach Doug Dannevik, "the 
equipment manager rules. He can be 
either for or against you. If he wants to, 
he can make it very hard on a coach. 
Johnny is the key to our program. He is 
definitely one of the reasons why we 
have a successful program. He's very 
helpful, very patient with our giris , who, 
by the way, abuse him because he's so 
nice. He's a real supponer and you need 
that." 

OfficiaUy, Johnny Villarin is the 
eqUipment manager for all 24 of the 
UCSD inter-coUiegate teams. 
UnoffiCially, he is that and much more. 
Villarin cares for, and mantains, more 
than equipment. ScOll McGregor, a 
former member of the men's volleybaU 
team and present co-worker with 
Villarin in the athletic depaltment, has 
seen Villarin from two sides, both as an 
athlete and a co-worker. 'John is fun to 
work both with and for. He approaches 
his job with a lot of enthusiasm and 

)ohn~ Villarin, a member of the IntercoUegiate Athletic Dtpartmtnt since the early 
196Os, washes and issues uniforms, cares for equipmtnt, and is an aU-around manager for 
aU intercollegiate teams. 

Engineering, Math, Computer Science, Physics Grads: 

are encouraged, at Logicon. 
Your career should take advantage of your education and creativity and 
allow you to look beyond the easy answer to explore and challenge your 
imalination and ability, . . 

LOlicon is the indultry paceactter in systems and software engtneerlOg, 
and as such, we can offer enllneen, programmers, analysts, systems 
engineers and 'operations analysts unparalleled career opportunity 
and challenles. 

Our diverse ranle of government contracts allows you to put your talents 
at center tage and develoJ> orlgi~llIOlutions as an in~e~ral'part of the en. 
tire creative procell, You'll work 10 a small team that s In d,rect contac t 
with management so your efforts will be seen, recognized and rewarded. 

Visit with our representatives: 
Thursday, January 31, 1985, 

Logicon offen top working conditions in a modern II ·s tory puilding 
which overlooks the historic San Pedro Harbor. Our cientific environment 
is enhanced with private and semi'private offices and easy access to com. 
puter facilities , We also have other offices in Ohio, Utah, Colorado, 
Massachusetts, and Washington, D .C . 

We're lookinl forward to meetinl with you. But if you are unable to 
attend, pleaac send a resume or letter detailing your experience and career 
desires to: 
Nancy Hanc~k 
LOOICON 

2~~ W, ~th Street, Dept. CF, P.O. Box 471, San Pedro, CA 90733 
(213) 8JI.0611 

LOGICON u:s. Citir<nship Required Equal Opportunity Emplovcr MIFIHIV 

am and often puts in more than his fair 
40 hours a week, that's kind of nice. "I 
feel I have good relations with aU the 
players. The athletic program here is a 
low-profile type of program, and the 
athletes are pretty much the same way. I 
get along with everybody, from coaches 
all the way down ." 

Villarin seems to be one of those 
people who does his job quiedy, but let 
him take a day ofT and just see how last 
everything falls apart. Women's 
basketbaU coach Judy Malone noted that 
'John knows the spons and he knows 
what he needs to do. If we have an all-
day tournament, then lie's there aU day. 
Once, we had a tournament and John 
wasn't there. It was utter chaos. He sets 
up th'e gym for us, he takes care of 
uniforms, shons, shirts, everything, He's 
a part of our athletic program, and most 
teams, when ordering shins or 
sweatshins, will order an extra one for 
John. That kind of relationship is rare. 
He doesn't get the allention he 
deserves." 

Villarin's job takes him not only to 
the gym, but also to the fields of soccer, 
baseball and softball. However, it's with 
the men's and women's teams of 
volleyball , basketball and track that 
Villarin gets the most enjoyment. "Doug 
Dannevik, Judy Malone and Tom 
MarshaU are easy to work with. They 
work with me, not around me. They like 
my input and are always open to my 
suggestiOns." 

One thmg that Villarin would like to 
do more is travel with the teams. He 
knows the fun to be had on a UCSD 
roadtrip and would like to be a part of 
the action before he retires. "I'd like to 
retire when I'm 62. I'm 52 now; so rd 
like to do a few different things outside 
the equipment room. I'd like to travel 
more with the teams if I could. I 
appreciate what they do and they 
appreciate what I do." ~ 

,.,~~ 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$1995 $6" 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDmONER ONLY 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVEIlSrTY TOWNE CENTEII 

455 ... 

-- - - - -- -- ---~ - - - -

- -

ClASSROOM 
AIDES 
NEEDED 
to 'M)rk with develop-
mentally disabled ctll Idren , 
Weekdays, 8-1; Combina-
tion of different days 
possible. Location: Mission 
Valley, No experience 
required. Contact Christ¥ 
Hall, Los Ninos Education 
Center, 281-5511, 

Los Nlnos Edualdon 
C ....... 

281-5511 



/ 

16 Tutsday. Jan . 22. 1985 

Saturday's All-Cal Tournament. saw George Knights (I.). Johnny Henderson and the rest of 
the Tritons face the overpowering likes of UCLA and UCSB. See details in Thursday's issue. 

'7 QUARTERLY BLOOD DRIVE ~ 
Students. faculty and staff will have a chance to donate blood to help 

replenish the UCSD Blood Res81V8 Fund during the week of January 21 at two 
locations. 

All UCSD students. faculty and staff. plus Immediate families. are covered by 
the Fund which makes blood available to anyonewithln the UCSD community 
who may need it. 

The Blood Reserve Fund is similar to a savings account. When a member uses 
blood for any reason. it Is supplied by the Son Diego Blood Bank. In order to 
replace the blood used. the member can contact the Blood Reserve Fund 
Coordinator on campus and give the following Information (patient name. 
number of units. hospital. etc.). The Reserve Fund Coordinator then sends a 
release to the Blood Bank. and the necessary credits are transferred from the 
UCSD Reserve Fund to the user's account. At a cost of S60.00 per pint. tt'le 
Reserve Fund is an excellent source of Insurance in times of medical 
emergency. The contact on campus Is the staff Personnel OffIce. ext. 2823. 
They can answer any questions you have regarding the Fund and Blood DrIves. 

The Blood Drives are very important because in order for the UCSD Fund to 
have credits ready for use by you and your families. volunteers must donate a 
pint of blood and designate the credit to the UCSD Blood Reserve Fund. This 
way. the much needed blood will be there when you need It. 

In order to reach the entire campus. the BLOODMOBILE Is schedu led to be at 
the following locdtions: 

JANUARY 22, 23 6 24 
STUDENT CENTER - North Conference Room 

10~O am to 3:00 pm 
JANUARY 24 
SCRIPPS INSnMION OF OCEANOGRAPHY, Service YOId 

10~O am to 3:00 pm 
The Blood Drive takes only 45 minutes of your t ime and one pint of blood. 

Anyone In good health between the ages of 18 and 65. and weighing 110 
pounds or more. may donate. A tree San Diego Blood Bank T-shirt will be given 
to each donor. 
~ Please support the UCSD Blood Reserve Fund - WII support you In your t ime of ) 
~ needl ~ 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Fomily Planning Associates Medical Group's profeSSional concerned 
staH can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Call today for on immediote 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
. 

• GYN ECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

Sports Slab 
Tuesday, january 22 

Men's tennis vs. USlU, at home, 3 pm. 
Wednesday, january 23 

Men's volleyball at Sari Diego State, 7:30 pm. 
Thursday, january 2. 

Men's tennis at USD, 1:30 pm. 
Friday, january 25 

Men's basketball vs. Cal Baptist, at Riverside, 8 pm. 
Women's tennis at Cal State Northridge, 2:15 pm. 

Friday-Saturday, january 25-26 
Men's volleyball at UC Santa Barbara Tournament. 

Saturday, january 26 
Women's basketball vs. Cal Lutheran, at Thousand Oaks, 
6 pm. 

Saturday-Sunday, january 26-27 
Men's and women's fencing in the All-Cal Tournament, 
at Santa Cruz, all day. 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS Be FACULTY 

4 1/z( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon. - Thurs. e am - e pm 
fri. e am - 6 pm 

sat. 10 am - 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon - 5 pm 

457-3775 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralph •• Sa¥On) 

THE FUlURECOPV PlACE 

'" "",J{ 

eworl 
is waiting. 

Bean 
exchange 
student. 

You CAN Know 
Your MajorI 

A Multl-Olrnenslonal 
Testing Program 
INDMDUAUZED 

FOR YOU 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

Write: YOUTH EXCHANGE 
Pueblo. Colorado 81009 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ ceNTeR ~Tht> Inlemallona l YtJUth Ex(;hange. 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 

I:s 
r ~ ),(ct)o"lIldJm ~ ~ ('{\ _ ,I !lOll. 

\.l .... P .. r 
• !-==r" ' \ If ,I\\\" \\ ,\ • 

- L1V,IIT ' I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~r~~~ALCA~E~~~N1rEAL~~eT~ 

W:.:. Quarter Pounder<!' with Cheese. Large Fry, \l!'.il 
- Med.·um-S.·ze Soft Dr.·n'- '. -- I . II .. c.. h y.l ... I lO Of I ,,'n' II ' 

II limit on,' coupon p.-r J $ II II customer, per visit. PleaS<' US t 1.991. 
II prCSl"nt coupon when orJerinl(. Not valiJ With any (plul tax) '11 
II other offer. Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

~ San DiellO~ ~ _~t.~985 __________ ~ 
----------

--

UCSD University Events Office presents 

KOD 
DEMON DRUMMERS 

AND DANCERS OF SADO 

"Fabulous ... the Demon DNmmcrs and Dancers of Sado are real drummers. If you miss 
this briUiant troupe you wiD never ~a1ize an aImoSl indescribable experience.-

New Yen o.tIy News 

January 30, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. S12.00, Students S8.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit. S10.00 

"'---_ ~ll~£TN)N· & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

Tuesday. Jan . 22. 1985 17 

BJ'S PIZZA BUCKS 

Umit One 

Pe' Pizza Series 1985 

8873 Villa La Jolla Drive (Next to Theaten) 
FREE Delivery to UCSD 

WORKSTUDY 
STUDENTS 
WANTED! 

The Library needs student 
employees with work/study! 

Work/study jobs are available in 
the Central Library and all 

branches. Call 452-3063 or come 
in to the Library Personnel Office 

(2nd floor, Central Library). 
-

UC SAN mEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 
fIL~ERIES 

1 . 9 . 8 5 

35mm print 

InA 
nely Place 
~D~Air 

19:50. United SwCt's . By NiL'holas Ray. 
With Humphrey &",art 

and Gloria Grahame. 96 min. 
In a Lm.{y PlaCt~, is a powerful and disturbing portrait of an 

embittered screenwriter whose uncontrollable rage leaves him in a state 
o(such terrible isolation, that by the time he's been cleared of murder 
it's no vindication at' all. 

"(Ray's theme) thut L~L>ry relationship establishes ils own moTU I coJ,: 
(shows) there is no such thm,l( as ab5tTact morality ... an inJispulable m:orJ of 
a \It'''y personal an~uish." 

Andrew Sarris, The Amt'Tican Cinema 

Special Snm. 
Pmitw at 9:20 p.m. 

Januaty 22, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.00, Students &: Sr.Cit. $3.00 
.... _@~m\DN &: UCSD Box Office: 452-4 

... 



18 T ue..wy, Jan . 22, 1985 
~.. ~..... . ~;.w. • 

Recreation 
- Announcement: Usten to KSOT 95.7 FM 

cable and 540 AM at the UCSO Dorms br 
rerord CIld tick~ giveaways. We have t lckm 
for films, Section 25. Untouchables, Busboys. 

~c.. ~c. Brilliant Radio for San Diego. 
MDNISDAY 
1 Z.oo pm - There will ~ a brown-bag CIld 
informal discussion with Mark Machina, 
Professor of Micro-Economics. Bring your 
kmch and informally meet your Professorlln 
the Multi Purpose Room abOVe EDNA In the 
Student Center. 
lHURSDAY 
IZ.oo pm - Lecture and Performan~e­
"Chinese Music of the rang Period (FIfth. 
Tenth Century' Textual Interpretation and 
Performance." Lecture is at 12:00 pm, 
Performance is from 1:00-2:00 pm. Tai-Hua 
$hen of ShCllghai Music Conservatory. In 
Mandeville B-210. 

51~JO pm - Language Tables: Come 
CIld ro/1Verse in French. <1rman or Spanish 
CNef dimer. All interested foreigllanguage 
students are most Vllelrome-meal cards or 
cash basis. Native speakers CCIl have meals 
paid for-call 455-0157 for information. In 
the South Dining Hall of the Revelle 

Ca~eria. 
5145 pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great company. Sponsored I::!Y the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
Catholic Lounge of the University lutheran 
Crorctl. 
7100 pm - EMS!A (Economics and 
Management Sdence Student AssodationJ 
presents Arthur Anderson Company. 
Refreshments to be served. In PH 102. 
SATURDAY 
7:00 ... - Cross-Country Ski Day Trip: Mt. 
San Jadnto via Palm Springs Aerial Tramway. 
Cost includes transportation, tramway 
ticket, skis. poles, boots. and an optional 
basiC lesson. For beginners as Vllell as 
experienced. Sign up at OCR: Canyonlilew 
S20,OO. 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY 
8100 ... - All-Campus TenniS Doubles 
Tournament. Men's and Women's Doubles 
(Divisions' A-Advanced, B-Intermediate, C-
Beginners. One CCIl of Wilson or Penn Tennis 
Balls is the entry fee. At the MUIr Courts. 

The 

Sennces~orkshops 
MONDAY-..... DAY 
8aJH,00 pm - Looking to get more free 
time7 Learn more71mproveyourGPA7 Then 
call the OASIS Reading CIld Stu~ Skills 
Center and per1ectyour learning style. Make 
an appointment CIld bring your bOOks, 
assignments and notes to the OASIS Reading 
and St~ Skills Center for a personal strategy 
session on how to tackle your 'M)rk In the 
most effident and successful way. Just say 
you want a PAl (personal assistance for 
learning conference I. In USB 4010. 
9100-• .00 pm - <1t that "previous 
experience" that all emp~ are looking for 
with CIl internship fromASIOllnternships are 
available in all fields / corrputer sdence. 
public relations, law, and many others' and in 
all areas (SO, greater California, Washington 
DC). For more info, stop ~ the ASIO office 
bcated above the Game Room in the Student 
Center, or call 452-4689. 
MONDAY 
9,»10145 ... - Let Go of Stress CIld 
Relax-This is a new group for all UCSD 
students desigled to teach methods of 
relillling and dealing with stress whictl CCIl be 
used for a lifetime. Ted1inques will indude 
breathing exercises . biofeedback, 
progressive relaxation. autogenic training. 
guided imagery. meditation, self-hypnosiS 
and time-management. Meets each Monday 
Itloughout the quarter. Students may attend 
all sessions. or drop in to any one of them as 
convenient. Meets at 1003 H-L Offered ~ 
Maynard Brusman, Psychological and 
Counseling Services. 
4100-5,10 pm - General Therapy-This 
on'90ing. confidential group is open to 
undergraduate students. The focus will be on 
personal and interpersonal concerns. Led ~ 
John Andrews and Ned Custy of 
Psychological and Counseling Services. 
Meets at 1003 H-L Call 452-3755 to sign up. 
4,J006100 pm - Lesbian Support Group-
This weekly drop-In discussion group offers 
peer support. personal concern and a forum 
for exploration of sodal and political issues. 
Led I::!Y the Women's Resource Center Peer 
Counselors. Call 452-2023 for info and to 
sign up. At the Women's Resource Center. 
TUESDAY 
I Z.oo-1,00 pm - Concerned about your 
future7 Well, if you are. come to the birth 
control information session this Tuesday and 
every Tuesday at the Student Health Center. 
It's informative. totally confidential, and 
FREEl Upstairs at the Student Health Center. 
IIOO-Z,1O pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group-This is an on-going 

We 

confidential support group for 
undergraduate men questionIng their 
sexuality, as well as those who identify as 
gay/blsexual. Meets INeekIy throughout the 
quarter. Students CCIl call leader. Steve Br~. 
at 452-3755 br more Info, or they CCIl just 
come to the group. Sponsored by 
Psychological and Counseling Sl'rvices. In 
1003 HL 
IIOO-Z,JO pm - OVercoming Co~lsive 
Eating-In a supportive environment group 
partidpCllts will learn ways to eliminate 
compulsive eating. The focus will ~ .on 
chCllging behaviors. thoughts and beliefs 
which perpetuate this compulsion. and'M)rk 
on improving self-Image. The group is not 
open to those who experience a 
binge/purge tyCle or who greatly restrict 
their di~: Sponsored I::!Y Psychological and 
Counseling Services. Please call Temille 
Porter. 452-3035 or Denise Zimmerman 452-
3755 to sigl up. Meets at Mt View Lounge. 
Third College. 
MDNUDAY 
8110-10100 .. - Grac1Jate Women In 
Humanities Group-This is a weekly support 
group for graa..ate women students in the 
Humanities concerned with personal. 
profl5sional CIld academic issues. Led I::!Y 
Miricm losupovid and Scndra Wilder-Padilla, 
Psychological and Counseling Services. 
Meets at the Revelie Formal Lounge. Cali 
Miricm or Sana-a at 452-3755 to sign up. 
I ZIOO-I.oo pM - Learn Learn Learn Learn 
Learn Learn Learn Learn Learn Learn Learn 
Learn Learn Learn Leam Learn Learn Learn 
Learn Learn Learn Learn at the Birth Control 
Information Session. Upstairs at the Student 
Health Center. 
I Z,OO-I ,10 pm - General Therapy-This 
on-going. confidential group is open to 
undergraduate students. The focus will ~ on 
personal and interpersonal concerns. Led I::!Y 
Steve 8r~ and Undsey Stroben of 
Psychological and Counseling Services. 
Meets at 1003 H-L Cali 452-3755 to sign up. 
4100-5,10 pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders II (RED III. This group is for 'M)ffien 
who have partidpated in the RED Program 
and are continuing to work on recr:Nery. Led 
I::!Y Undsey Stroben and a RED Peer 
Counsebr. ~ed I::!Y Psychobgical and 
Counseling Services. If you have previously 
'M>rked on CIl eati1g disorder. please call 
Unds..-.,. at 452-3755 for an initial interview 
prior to Joining the group. In 1003 H-L 
41»1,10 pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders Progrcm (RED IJ. This is a program 
for 'M)men students with eating disorders. 
Partldpants rT10Ife toward rKrNery through a 
progrcm of graa..al stages. Students who are 
obsessed with weight control, who mcry 
alternately binge. fast or vomit will lind a 
common ground of support and caring. 
Students new to the program are invited to a 
plCllning meeting on Wednesday, 1/23. from 

<, 
~. &;.: :-';y~~«~' ~ ~,{' '<: 

4:30 to 5:30 in the Warren College ProIIost's 
Office. 302 w.e. Led I::!Y 8ev HarjJ and a RED 
Peer Counselor. Sponsored I::!Y Psychobgical 
and Counseling Services. 8ev CCIl ~ reached 
at 452-3987 for more info. 
IIOO-Z,2O pm -General Therapy Group-
This on-going. confidential group is open to 
all UCSD students-graduate and 
undergraduate, The brus will ~ on both 
personal and interpersonal concerns. LeclI::!Y 
Steve Br~ CIld Dr. Constance Brunig. For 
more information call Psychological Services. 

Me~s at 1003 H-L 452-3755. 
tHURSDAY 
4100-1.00 pm - Headache Treatment 
Group- This is a group t>r students who are 
ctYonic headache sutrerers. Participants will 
learn stress reckJction ted1nlques. as well as 
other headache treatment procedures. 
Offered I::!Y Pen~ McC/eian. PsychobgIcaI 
and Counseling Services. If yaire interested 
call Penny and IeCPJe your name and number. 
She CCIl ~ reached at 452-3755 or 452-
3035. Meets at Student Healttl Services 
conference Room. 

~ pm - Campus Black Forum-
This is a week~. Informal discussion group on 
the Issues. concerns. and the quality of life of 
the Black conmunity at UCSO. This is an 
ongoing group and students CCIl join at any 
time. Call leader Phil Raphael at 452-3035 If 
you howe any questions; otherwise. students 
can just turn up at the group. Meets in the 
Mountain VIew LDunge in Third College. 
Offered I::!Y Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 
PRlDAY 
ZIOO-4.oo pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Group-For students who want help 
in dealing with an alcohol or drug use 
problem. Emphasis will be on understanding 
the corrplexity of the problem. identifying 
options, making a commitment to change, 
and following through. Homework 
assignments and group norms will ~ 
established as part of the group's and 
indivickJal's program. Before joining the 
group. interested students are asked to call 
Becca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment with one of our counselors to 
see if the group will meet their needs. LeclI::!Y 
DCI1 Munoz, Psychological and Counseling 
Services. Mem at the Revelle Prowst's 
OffIce. 
'IOCH,IO pm - Peer-led Gay/Bisexual 
Men's Support Group. This is a weekly a-op-
in peer support group t>r male students who 
identilY as being gay or bisexual. as Vllell as for 
those who are expbring their sexuality. The 
group is facilitated I::!Y student peer 
counselors and Is a great opportunity to talk 
with other students sharing similar concerns. 
New students CCIl Join at a~ time. ~ed 
I::!Y Psychological and Counsefing Services. 
Mem at H-L 1003. If students have any 
questions they can call Carbs or Demetrius at 
452-4297; otherwise, theyCClljustarrivefor 
the group. 

photos by Andy Sortley 

Tuesday,Jan. 22, 1985 19 
• ~ .> J • '. " ,.- , , ~. h,';" .;..; -)-. "'. , ''''. • .... y... ~/. ,x... . ... 'c v' .:: 

Religious Functions 
1UUDAY ..... DAY 
IlOO pm - Cathayc Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Conmunlty at UCSO. In the 
U1lversity LutherCll Church. 
nlUDAY 
6100 .... - CathoYc and Lutheran Coundls 
at UCSO hold ajoint meeting beginning with 
a potluck supper. In the Lounge of the 
liliIImity I..utherCll Church. 
'100 ..... - Tuesday Night DiSCUSsion 
Group. Sponsored ~ the catholic Student 
Coordinators. In the CathoUc Lounge at the 
UnIYefs/ty Lutheran Church. 
, ........... -Asia1-AmerIc.an Christian 
Fellowship /MCF/-We warm~ \WIcDIne 
eYeI)"one to join us as our guest speaker 00rI 
WhIte goes over the Christlin DIscIpline of 
$tu4I. Singing begins at 7:15 pm. In the 
Relielle FonnaI Lounge. 
MDr~y 
......... - Supper for students served I::!Y 
the Luther~ at UCSO. Open to all. In the 
Lounge of the lkIlIiersIty Lutheran Church. 
just west of Relielle College. 
"" ......... - BII* ~ open to 
~. sponsored ~ the U'WersIty 
I.aher.. 0U'ch. In ft Lounge of the 

Academic Sennces 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
8110-2 ...... - S/GI. System of Interactille 
Guidance and Information is a CD~ 
based program of career information 
designed to help you clarify your val~ and 
ocrupationallnterests. For more information, 
CDII'Ie to Career Services Center. 
IaN 4100 pm - OASIS \Xh'ItIng Cenrer 
ofrm free seMce for all UCSO students who 
need pre-wrItWIg help. conrerl!llCes on drafts. 
and ecItIng acMce. We engage any kind of 
wrItklg. and any knf of wrItk1g problem. 
Conterenc:es are ~ appointment ~. 
Evening appoinrmenlS are now also available 
in OASIS ThirdPlaaatThirdCoIlege./Forthe 
fun range of sennces see bade of Fall 
ScheckJIe./ Call 452-2284 or COtI'Ie ~ USB 
4010 to make an appointment. This servia is 
~1abIe throughout the qua-ter. 
•• 00-4 ••• p .. - Grammar Mosts 
Hotllne-A hOtIine phone-in servia! br help 
with diction. grcrnmar and punctuatJon 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses call 452-
2284 betI.veen the hours of 9 and 4. 
Mo~riQj. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
\XIrItIng Cenb!r. Ser\IIce available ttroughout 
the quarter. 
"N .IM pM - Drop-In Hours. For 
CJ,IestIons pertaining to ateer planning. job 
hunting. resumtl critiquing. etc. 
~ ~ also be sd1ed.i1ed in the 
momi 19 ~ calling Career SeNIces Center • 
452-3750. 
IIDNDAY • 11 ••• "MY 
- GraUte Sd1ooI,II.Mf/MM ~ 

fIIa1nhg an a Gra.re. LIw. or MM 
degree Pf'OIP'I after UCS07 ... witt 
admISIions ~ CJMSUors ~ 

QII Carter SeMcis 
b datM'd 

A 

lkWersIty Lutheran OUch. 
"'I ... ,. - Inter-Varslt;y Christl.-. 
FeI~ meets ~ for worship. 
teilCt*lg a'1d feI~. We alSO haIIe bible 
studies lllallabie throughout the week. 

E~ Is \NeICDnIeIln the Relielle Informal 
lDunge. 
7,. ... - For CtvIstlans: A series of 
WHk~ seminars .~ Questions 
about ChtIstIanI1y." Taught ~ Bob Siegel of 
Sojourners Christl.. Fellowship. In the 
Student Center BuildingS, South Conference 
Room. 

- Bit* Stu<¥- A time to discoII'er the 
mearq of Goers Word In our dally 1IYes. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
CoordInaIm. In the Catholic Lounge of the 
lkIM!tsity I..uttIeran Church. . 
IChOO ... -~ Mass. Sponsored 
I::!Y the CachoIic COf'MUlity at UCSO. In the 
Chapel of the lk1i1ietsity Lutheran Church. 
ntU'IID""Y 

- BIble Stue:¥- A time to cIisaM!r the 
mearW1g of Gods Word In our dally I~. 
Sponsored ~ the Catholic Student 
Coordnators. In the Catholic Lounge of the 
Un~ Lutheran Church. 

prO\lldes a CDnlJlete practice exam for the 
aptitude test. as ...veIl as strategies for scoring 
'M!II on the \Iert)a/, analytical reasoning. and 
math S«tIons. Information about app~ to 
a'1d getting accepted ~ graduate schools, 
plus stress reciJctJon tectnique INiIl also be 
presented. Sponsored ~ the OASIS Center 
and career Planning and Placement. In 
Peterson Hall 103, Third College. 
tUUDAY 
- JdentIIYIng Your Career. Determine the 

right occupational choices for you and 
discoIIer howyou lit into the \I\IOrId ofwork in 
this CXIfY1)rdlensllle aI~ 1NOrkshop. Pre-
r.b!r at career Services Center I::!Y Feb. I. In 
HL 1058. 
10100 _ - On<ampus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
partIdpating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
(JJarter. It Is rnar1datory that )'CU attend one 
of these orientations before you inten/iew. In 
the ReIIeIIe Formal Lounge. 
I ..... ' ......... - \M1at can you do with 
45 minutes? Halle a TECHfnlqueJ TALK and 
get inbmition that carl make a ctlreler ..... 
on )OUr mIds. The topic b Tuesday is: 
Ps)'Ct*1g OAt Elan a·s. Presented by the 
Q#\SIS Reactng and 5n4' Sklils Center. In 
USB 4010. To sign up cal: 452-2284. 
11100 _ - The Marl(etabie ResurTM! 
WOrkshop. Learn how Ie o:;wmruct a state-
of-the-art n!SUmI!' that INiIl make you stand 
out I\'cm the crowd. in this new~ revised 
workshop. Sponsored ~ Career Services 
Center. In the Revefle Formal LDungt. 
IZ .... ZIII .... - t..eaure Notetaking-
M ~9 BN8S progriITi will include aver 
1,000 hours of l«ture tImeI WIll you get the 
most out of those hours71his \/IIOI'kshop will 

~ 'your listening ability. deIIeIop)'CUr 
notetaldng skills. and introduce the 
extraordMy mastery Nning ~ 
W2tJ to ~your recall as It cuts down on 
snq- boNcbn Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
R9dIng .., ~ Skills Center. In TCH8 
244. 
2 .... ,.. - Inleiesled In MedIcIne or 
0endsay7Drop-t1 ~ in open sessaa. 
career lIMais Center • Student Cerar 
8Idg.A. 
•••• I.,. -lhe O\SIS Gr ..... ~ 
Mectw*» Workshop II designed b' 
SIUder* WID would ae to wen on 
darM. 1liiie CD! iCJIPCS ~ 

ban ... _« 
PIlI'" eeerds& 1he 

......... 

1141 pili - The Thu~ Dimer, Good 
food and great co~. Sponsored ~ the 
CathoHc Student Coordinators. In the 
U'lillersity Lutheran Church. Donation 5200. 
7100 .... - StiX¥ Break-sponsored ~ the 
Carrpus Crusade t>r Christ Join us lor an 

~ng of fellowship. fun and rood as we 
look at how to grcm In our Christian life. In 
Somer Hall. 2105. 
7 ... fIOO .... _ BIble ~_uFindlrlg 
Yourself In the P ... ables of Jesus". Sponsored 

~ United campus Ministry-a mInistIy to 
Pr~. Mett'odIst. lICC. and DIscIples 
of Christ students at UCSO. All are welCDII'Ie. 
refrestments to bllow. In the Multi PUrpose 
Room. 2nd Fbor of the Student Center 
BuilctngA. 
SAn.MY SlOG,.. -Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~the 
Catholic ComrTlJnity at UCSO. In the Chapel 
of the University Lutheran Church . 

~Y 
.... "'1, • 11100 _ - Episcopal 
Church WOrship ServIce: Su~ Eucharist 
and Parish fellowship, In the Good SamarItan 
Episalpal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across from Genesee from east end of 

prcMde tips on the best w¥ to prl!5e'ltyour 
qualifications and what kind of int~ 
questions to expect. In the Reveie Formal 
Lounge. 
ZIOCHIOO pili - How Ie Sh4' Math and 
Science-Spending hours working 
problems 7 Feel anxious about what you 
know7 Leam how Ie learn chemistry or pre-
calcukJs math ttYough ~ing 
strategies that take the arudety. boredom. 
and confusion out ofycxx courses. Bringyour 
course material and see your courses in a 
whole new wcr;l Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Reading and StiX¥ Skills Center.1n the 
Student Center Conference Room. Bldg. 8. 
'IHUIISD~Y 
' .... ,1... ... - Interested in the 
Healttl Professions7 AdIIisIng appointments 
available Ibr career planning and pre-
professional school preparation. Call Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in adviJncr t>r 
an appointment but no earlier than one 
.1IIIeeI<. Student Center Bldg. A. 
1100 .... - On-Campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
partidpating in the Career ServIces Center's 
on-campus inttrviewlng program this 

~arter. it Is ~ that you attend one 
of these orientations before you inteWw. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

" .. 1141 ..... -What CCIlyou cb with 45 
minutes7 Halle a TECH/nlque/ TAlK and get 
informatiOn that carl make a cifferencr on 
)'CUr minds. lhe topic for Thursday is: Science 
Grids to I~ your rnetnOIY. Presented I::!Y 
the ~IS Readng and Stuctl Slcills Center. In 
USB 4010. To sign up call: 452-2284. 
" ... .00 pM - Graduate School/ 
Law/MBAAdIIising. P/anningon a CirackJate. 
Law. or MBA degee progriITi ~ UCSD? 
Help with actnissior& and application 

~estIons today ~ appointment ~. Call 
Career SeMces Center at 452-4939 br men 
detailed Inlbrmation. In the SIudI!I:1t Center 
Bldg. A. 
ZIOO,. - Anding the Hlcld!nJob Martca 
80111 of all .JOb vacalldes in II'1aCMnIsed. 
This wor1cshop \NIl teach you a WOi¥ to h:I 
out about them. Sponsored ~ the Career 
SeMces Center. .... the ~ FormII 
l.cIungt. 
PF My 

"'1"'_-The~GrarnrNr'" 
Mec:hInIa Wottcshop Is ~ br 
stud!na who would /lie to wart on 

f§¥S-..c ",." . ...ac.I CIJIiCI!pG and CMiIgO -:::,=:It1:_:m ........... I _C1se .... .... 

~ north of La Jolla VIllage Dr. 
Intersection of Genesee. 
., I _ - EpIscopal Churctl Worship 
SeNter: Folk Mass. In the Good SamarItan 
fpiscopaI Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
a._ -Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~the 
Catholic ComrrulIty at UCSO. In the 
U'Mrsity ~ Church. 
, .... _ -Lutheran WOrshIp Service a'1d 
reaI\Itng new tneI.lbeis. In the Chapel of the 
lk1lwnIly Luther ... Church. 
1 ... _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored I::!Y 
!he Utt10Iic COII'IYlK1Ity at UCSO. I..ower 
l.eIIef Conferencr Root11 of the Student 
Center Buildng S. 
".'1_ -BooIc Review of uApproilct*lg 
1-tooftIeats: The FeU' Horsemen of the 
ApocaMlse - authored ~ BI~ Graham. 

~ lInctleon follows at 12:00 noon. In 
the Lounge of the lk1M!rsIty Lutheran 
Church. 
Il00 .... - CathoIk: Mass. Sponsored I::!Y the 
Catholic Col1'1llU1ity at UCSO. In the Lounge 
of the l.Jn/I,temIy Lutheran Church. 
'180 .... - Lutheran Evening WOrship. In 
the Chapel of the lk11versit¥ Lutheran 
Ctum 

2100 .... - FindIng a Summer Job-
Wonder"19 where to bole Ibr a summer job 7 
When to sta-t7 How to approach ernpIoyI!Il7 
Learn how to dM!Iop an etrealYe job search 
strateqt and listen to a panel of employers 
who will prO\llde ~ to success. Sponsored 
~ CNeer Services Center. In the Student 

. Center North Conference Room. 

Organizational 
1'I1BD"'Y 
...... - SocIety Ibrthe Advancement of 
Managl!lnent /SMA/. Ice Crea-n SociaIi 
MembI!I s and other interested students 
c:ome erjoy some ice ae.,. and see what we 
haIoe planned Ibr the quarter. In the Revelle 
FonniIII..ounge. 
..... arMY 
Ide .... - Israel Action Committee 
Mtetillg. The topic of clswssiQn will be the 
Sharon \/5. Time Nbel case. For more 
infonnation call Miah at x3616 or 587-0942. 
In the Relielle Formal Lounge. 
1HIJIIISDAY 
..... .... -ComeQle. ComeAlto UCSO's 
first Comm.inlcation ClIb ~!!II of WInter 
Quarter. Get: iibiiledl In MCC 201. 
IlOO .... - Come One. Come All KSDT 
OrteUion Is ~ • .JanIay 24 at 5 pm. 
atlCSDT. It's an ecperie ..... .YOU lIIIOI1't Ibrget. 
........ - AttenIIon COI'I'II'IIM'1Ic .-.d 
PoIIIcII Sderu MIIPS: ~ t-Wntr. 
dIIecIDr d f'UbIIc 'kLtbns for $an Diego 

~. wtI fpe8Ic an penanaI/student 
pMIdpiIian InpaIdQI~~other 
a ....... a. """",._ Sponsored by 
\MImIn in C~ in USB 4050 A. 



20 Tuesday, Ja n. 22, 1985 

ClassIfIed ~ng space Is sold In lOG-
character Increments. Each /ener, purICtIMtIon 
mIIrk .-.d space betwNn words Is consIdeNd 
• charKler, wtth CIIpbI Ieaets counting as 
two characllel1. The .... Is 51 per 100 chaIacters 
tar studenCs .nc:I Sl per 100 characlen tar non-
1IUdents. You must come bytheof'ftceorlNlllln 
your ~, .. we ,..." .. fNIY'M"C In .cIvance or 
publlcMIon. DNdIInes are 5 pm Tuesdily for 
Th.Incays ~, 5 pm Frfdlly for Mondlly's 
pIIper. For more Inronn.t/on alII 452-)466. 
The Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, ... JoI .. , CA 
92093. 

"The Milton H. Erickson Institute announces the San Diego 
Conference on Hypnotic and StrategIC Inte!VentlOl1s 
February &10, 1985: For informatIon call (619) 295-1010. 
(2/7) 
Menstrual paJn7 Cramps, nausea, abdomll'lal paIn, etc. 
PartiCIpants needed for a research study. 481-6181. (2/7) 
Interested In helpIng WlItI thIS yr's SemI-Formal7 Bands, 
decoraoons, etc. Contact Marianne: 450-9635 pm. (1/24) 
I need people to play volleyball for a magazIne cover shot. 
Call Ray, 270-2908 lealie message. (1/22) 
RISC presents another fun filled ski wk Mar. 23-30 at 
Jackson Hole, u,ym. SkI w/feflow UC students at the most 
vertical place around. TICkets on sale soon. Keep your eyes 
open for more info. (1/22) 
Mobile OJ avaIlable for your dance, party, or recepoon. 
LJghOng-sourxHog Aztec Mobile Music 265-3993. (2/19) 
PLEA IS the ~ Law Education Assooaoon at UCSO. If you 
are Interested in law or a legal career, come to our 
meetIngs on Wednesdays at 4:00 above the game room In 
the Student Center. Please join us. For more Information, 
please stop by the office or call us at 452-4726. (1/28) 
Ayn Rand Readers and students of Ot>jectMsm meeting 

~ SUnday, II am-2 pm. H:lme SavIngs of America, 4311 
La Jolla 'v111age Dnve, lXlJVerlrty Towne Centre. (3/14) 
Firlt RISC meetlrlQ of the qtr. WIll be on Wed. 1/23 at 8pm 
In the rec conf rm. Bring your slIdes and pres to the 
me\!'tlng. Jackson H:l/e Info available. Sorry the date was 
wrong in the 1/14 ISSue. (1/22) 
Word procesSlng/wrIUng. NevIl business sale: 15% off firlt 
job. Reasonable rates for letterl, resumes, theses, 

~Ing, etc. Pick-up/defNely from Lhiversity City. 
Words & MuSIC Lh~mlted. 45&<f038. (1/28) 
SUbjeCtS needed for bralnwalle experiment at the Salk 
Insotute. Males, age 1&35, who are sons of alcoholIC 
fatherl. Earn SIO to complete a questronnalre, then S5/hr If 
eligible to particIpate In experiment. Phone Alan at 453-
4100 Ext. 422. Mon-Fri be~ 10 am & 2 pm for further 
info. (1/24) 
Attention BUSiness-Oriented Persons: A growing 
company is seekIng persons who are Interested In 
IM)oong In sales and marketing. For more Information call 
NatIonal Legal Benefits at 297-0655. (1/22) 
Don't mrss your chance to study in Europe. Mica, ASIa, or 
Latin Amerkal ApplICation deadline for the UC Education 
Abroad Program thIS Frrday, January 25. See Molly Ann at 
the Internatronal Center or call 452-3730. p/21) 
Do you want better grades and less uaffic tickets 7 Of 
course you do, so call Food for Thought at 481-3397 and 
r.pend your time studying lor partying) rather than drMng 
and getting tld<ets. (1/22) 
Sock hop bee bop sro bop alu, stlama lama ding dong, 
how 'bout you7 SAE 50's bash Sat. Jan. 26. (1/22) 
Learn the ins and outs of the modeling world. Class starts 
tonight. call campus Ret for details x4037. (1/22) 
Muir College IS now accepting appUcations from 
acadenlicaIly qualrlied students to assist with freshman 
orientaQOn and regrstration dunng June. ObtaIn a JOb 

~raI at Studer1t Employment and bring it to the 
Provosrs Otric~ 2126 HSS. ~adUne: 2/8/85. 12/7) 
Fit IS it. Sports Health starts 1/23. Only sa. Call campus Ret 
at 4037 for detaIls. (1/22) 

MONEY FOR GRADUATE SCHOOL Write. samaritan 
Foundation, 5666 La Jolla BfIId .. IA Jolla, CA 92037. 
Include name, address, and tel. number. (1/24) 
Study groups now formrng at GroundlNork Books in 
UCsD Student Center, Beg. Jan. 21. Broad range of topics: 
Central Amerrca, poetry, South Africa, Lenmism, femInism, 

collect~ theory. call 452-9625 for info. (1/24) 
Bottle bill ca~n meetrng 5 pm. Soultl c..on~rence 
Room, Student Center 8. (CalPirg). (1/22) 
PLEA potluck and rnovre Thursday In the North 
Conference Room at 5:00. Come to the PLEA meeting 
Wednesday at 4:00 In Room 4 of rhe Student Center for 
detaIls. Or call 452-4726. (1/22) 
Sports Health IS in. Be in the know aoout your body. Call 
x4037 for details. Class starts 1/23. (1/221 
Pre-Law Students: Come jom PlEA's first 1985 eventl "The 
Star Chamber" & Potluck. Call 452-4726. (1/24) 
Sock hop bee bop shu bop alu, shama lama drng dong, 
how bout you7 SAE 50's bash Sat. Jan. 26. (1/22) 
Fashionl Funl Discover the world of modelrng. Class starts 
tonrght. call Campus Ret at 4037 for detaIls. (1/22) 
Consumer Issues MeetIng lrurl. Jan. 24th 5 pm calPirg 
office, Rm. 20a Student Center (1/22) 

lffHHflllllll1 
KEYBOARDIST NEEDED BY "PERPETUAL MOTION." 
CAll SOON. MIKE 29+8076. (1/22) 
Call for papersl Undergrads. SUbmit 3 COpies of your best 
research papers to the Joumall GUIdelines avaIlable at 
USGrants offICe, 2nd nr of student center. Dealine: Friday 
Jan 25. x3917. (1/22) 
Master bedroom for rent. Condo In Del Mar. Male or fern. I 
or 2 persons. S3SO/mon. 481-7957. (1/24) 
Now hirrng busperson, hostess, cocktail waitress. Come 
In person. 3282 Governor Dr 453-4444. (1/24) 
Counselors for Sharing Scholarship Se!VlCe WIth teens. 
SlOO-S300 per week possrble pt. tm. Dr. Jones 450.2216. 
(1/24) 
Wanted. Otngo Borng tickets. I need tJoor, WIll pay SI5 ea 
Tra<y, 453-4944 anytime after 6. pm. (1/22) 

I.II.WIII 
Primo: Sony direct drilie full auto turntable, Technrcs 20 
wan amp/receIVer. 80th new w/wrry. 453-1094. (1/22) 
Guitar 84, 12 string, WestrTinister w/case. Clean, not a 
scratch. Beautiful. mellow tone. Need cash. S350 Invested. 
Sacrifice-asking S2SO. Dan. 453-8460 after SIX. (1/22) 
Corona Computer, IBM compatible, 10 meg hard disk,lots 
of software, brand new. 453-5562 Keith. 11/24) 
1978 K26SO. 36kmr. Electronic IgnitlOl1, pleXJglass talrrng, 
new trres & chain. Recent orl change & valve adj. SIOOO . 
000. call 22b-0602 iffter 5 pm. (1/24) 
Brother EP-44 electronic mini typewriter only used for 
year. Excellent condition. Uses thermal or reg..rlar paper, 
15 d1aracter LCD display. 4k memory (will store 1-1/2 
pages of text). Will interface with most col1llUters. 
Weight: 5.5 Ibs. SIOO.OO. call Frank anytime be!1Neer19:00 
am and 9:00 pm at 453-IB55 or 452-1957. (3/14) 
84 Honda Spree scooter, 4 mo. Old, 1300 mr. Perfect condo 
S375. Call 263-0922 Keep trying. (1/22) 
1975 8uick Century, S790. Aut~r, 98.000 mr. 15/22 
gas mr. \/G, 2 dr, fm/am, new battery, license, smog test 
(SIOO) (0) 452-4101, 453-1547. (1/22) 

CORPORATE BANKING 
~Lloyds Bank 
.... C-Califomia 

a member of the 
world-wide Lloyds Bank Group, will be on campus to 
discuss careers in Corporate Banking. Recent 
developments in the industry and the Bank's Training 
Program will also be discussed. 

Friday, January 25, 1985 
1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 
Revelle Formal Lounge 

Interested students should sign-up in the Career Services 
Center. 

OINGO BOINGO Tlx-2 for sale. Call 294-8076 or 286-
9825. (1/24) 
12" B&WTVS35, Serkb men's sportswatch, 11" Amdek 100 
12" monitor S30, sunglasses by Porsche Carrera S30. Call 
452-9838. (1/22) 
1974 Datsun 8210 hatchback, runs well, tapedI!ck, cheap 
uansportation, 1I'lk 1l1IIes, S75O. 452-7699. (1/24) 
Skateboard: 7x29 Inch. 1NOOd, Rolls ~ Sillier Cloud 
wheels & Bennett Pro 1rUdcs, tail tap, good condo Call 455-
0103 after five, make o~. (1/22) 

I need people to play volleyball for a magazine cover shot. 
C~I Ray, 270-2908. l.eaYe message. (1/22) 
Jackson Hole .. . does that rnran anything to you 71f It does 
prepare for one whole wk of skiing Mar. 23-30. Gft a 
!1oup of frrends toge!her and prepare for the most vertical 
time of your ~~I Too avo soon. (1/22) 
Brrng slides & pres of vail to the first RISC meeting of the 
qtr Wed. 1/23 at 8pm in the rec contrm. Jackson Hole and 
group gatherings IMII also be discussed. /1/22) 
Hey Everyone, don't miss a chance of a Ilfftirnr by missing 
the app~caoon deadline for the Education Abroad 
Program ltIis Friday, January 25. See Molly Am at the 
Internatronal Center, 452-3730. (1/22) 
For a long tirnr I haYe had a crush on Food for Thought, 
but now that they haYe a 7:00 pm pizza det~ and an 
11:30 pm Roberto's drop I am totally In ~. For a 
wonderful gastronome attarr call 481-3397. (1/22) 
Sock hop bee bop sro bop alu, shama lama ding dong, 
how bout you7 SAE 50's bash Sat. Jan. 26. (1/22) 
KlkJ-Congrad's and good luck. bug. Baby you 're still the 
best-Jrmbo. (1/22) 
"The gentlemen of Signa Nu \I\IOU1d Irke to congratulate 
the pledges of Sigma Kappa. All our best to a tine group of 
ladles. (1/22) 
Jrll~this IS my letter to you All I can say is thrs: It I could SIt 
across the porch from God, I'd thank Him for lendrng me 
you. you're my 'plastIC bubble" and i /aYe youl-Wfmy. 
(1/22) 
Jom-A lite together IS ~ dream. It IS a prMledge to be 
with you. ThanJc you.-MItCh. (1/22) 
""The Star Chamber" starring Michael Douglass IMII be 
shown Thursday following thP EA po' luck. at 5:00. 
Meet us at the North Confererx. .)Ill, or call US at 452-
4726. (1/22) 
John-Happy BIrthday. Come se 
lDve, ChristIne. (1/22) 

G for a hug and a kissl 

6art)ara-Congrats on your tn. n intoftOWl You're a 
gredt iiI' s.sl A lpha lDvP. Nancy XOXOXO. (1/22) 
Happy Happy Happy Happy Belated Birthday to one who 
makes work a pleasanr and halfway survivable place [0 be. 
Thanks Shen. (1/22) 
Sock hop bee bop shu bop alu, sI1ama Iamma ding dong. 
how 'bout you7 SAE SO's bash Sat. Jan. 26. (1/22) 
"The Pre Law EducatronAssoaatron is sponsoring ""The Star 
Chamber" and a potluck dinner on Trursday (1/24) at 
5:00. For more Information and details about PlEA's 
events, corne to the ~ 4:00 on Wedi'lesday aboJe 
the game room in the t Center. (1/22) 

Roommate wanted-Mra Mesa house, master br, own 
bath. S285 & ubI., non smoker. 695-9408. Ask for Sarah. 
(1/31) 
Responsrble female student needs housing. ~b. I. Beth 
435-0247. (1/22) 

Roommate wanted, South Mission Beach, oceanfront, 
new condo. S333 plus 1/3 ublltles. AVallable now. 48& 
3112. Lucy. (1/24) 
Female to share a room In P.8 .. S240 plus 1/4 utit. Pl., Jac .. 
BBO, etc. 483-3511. (1/24) 
Share txlrm in furnished Del Mar apt .. fireplace, bNch, 
bus. Femalenonsmolc:er. S216./mo. plus 1/3 UbI. 25~0324. 
(1/28) 
Male rOOIlYIlate wanted in large Pac Beach tlome to share 
master bedroom. own bath. Hot tub, deck w/ViNt of 
MIsslon Bay, extras. 5220 mo. plus 1/5 utll. 48~9755. 
(1/22) 
Female to share 3 bdr luxury La Jolla condo. W /0. pool & 
many extras. S500 plus SO. Call 455-6046. (1/28) 
Female roommate wanted to share a eleen, quiet apt. 
Close to UCSO, UK. l'Iklnsmoker. 5281 Rae 450-1533. 
(1/22) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED-MISSION Hlu.s HOUSE, 10 
MIN. WAlJ( TO UC MEO CENTER SHUTTlE. S25O/MO. 
PLUS 1/2 UTIL 294-8076 OR 280-9825. 11/291 
Female roommate to share room In condo. 5 min. walk to 
School. 5210/month. Pool &jaaazJ. lJz 450-9052. (1/22) 
Female roommate to share room In large condo neat UK, 
pool. S212.50/mo. & 1/3 util. 457-1542 (1/24) 
2 females wanted~ to haYe own rm & bath rn 
beautiful IA Jolla tlome on Mt. SoIecUd. Pool, JKuzzi, 
\Aews. S350/mo. lealie msg for Arne at 454-61BS. (1/31) 
lDoI<ing for 2 roommates to share a room, bathroom in 
condo ort of Regents Rd. Call for detaIls. 45&9240. (1/28) 

Found: Calculator during finals IIIIeek last quarter in 
Peterson Hall. call to identify. 25~8697. (1/22) 
IDst -rea<ing glasses wrrh tan case on 1/9. call Dwight 

25~8697. (l/i2) 
Rewatd for wallet I Eelsldn (Brown) 10 cards important. 
Call Jack or Stacy 483-9968. (1/22) 

lOst-8ochemlsUybookbv~ at Central Sun.~. Call 
Sharon 452-7372. Rewatd. (1/24) 
lOst, women'S bIk swatch in Man. pa1dng lot FR. Jan. II. If 
found contact 8artlari1 457-3762. (1/24) 
lOst: A black & INhite wool scatf in MlndevlUe Aud. 
Monday rnte. If found, please anaa /1m 45~9931. 
(1/24) 
IDst: beige purse containing wallet and keys on Lacoste 
keychain. lOst on 1/16 in IDi 45~ 7884. (1/24) 
Niko"carnerawith ~outsideHLon 1/16. Call Clark 941-
0955. SRewardS. (1/24) 
IDst, a maroon wallet and checkbook. If found ple~ call 
Unda at 45&9240. (2/21) 

.a/M@ijlll 
rn'INGMlQRO PROCES!WNG-For aN~ngneeds 
call Barbara at 454-7624. Rushj0b5 iIC . (1/31) 
Cars for rer«. SIS per dav, $85 per week. l.hIImited free 
mrleage. Del Mar 755-3201. (1/31) 
Get superror performance out of your slc/s. TUrlr and hot 
wax to: a small ~. 25~0678, 0Iudt. (1/24) 
EECS 70 wtoring-S6 per hour. Start now, before it's too 
latel Call Steve 69tH 756. (1/22) 
TyptnQ/lM)rd processing. Guaranteed error free. Rush 
jobs. ~ 7~6277. (1/22) 


