


2 Monday, Feb. 'I, 1985 
NE~ 

. . :-;., ' ~ ~, $ . . ~. . :.::. '{" :. . 

Public art will be the subject of a 
lecture February 6 and two 
exhibi tions which will run concurrently 
from February 9 through Marc h 10 in 
the Mandeville An Gallery. 

Artist Siah Arrnajani, a Regents 
lecturer from February 4-9, will speak on 
"Useful An" at 7:30 pm in room 110 in 
Peterson Hall , Third College . Armajani 
has rwo of his own projects represented 
in the one show, "Beyond the 
Monument." The other exhibition, "The 
UCSD Stuan Collection," is a display of 
proposals received for its on-going 
project of outdoor sculpture installations. 

"Beyond the Monument" is an 
exhibition of drawings, blueprints and 
photographs by 16 artists which 
documents American public art projects 
and proposals undertaken since 1979. 
Some of the artists represented are 
Andrea Blum, Scott Burton, Jackie 
Ferrara and Robert Irwin. 

"The UCSD Stuart Collection" will 
feature proposals by Richard fleischner 
and Niki de Saint Phalle, whose works 
may be seen on the UCSD campus. Also 
included are proposals by Vito Acconci , 
Terry Allen , Douglas Hollis, Roy 
Lichtenstein, Bruce Nauman , Claus 
Oldenburg, Richard Serra and James 
Turrell, in the fo rm of framed and 
unfra med d raWi ngs, maquenes, models 
and blueprints. 'The UCSD Stuart 
Collection" exh ib ition was originated by 
the Mandeville Gallery. The gallery's 
directOr is Gerry McAll ister. The Stuan 
Collection is funded by the Stuart 
Foundation. 

o 
A one-time university professor 

whose passIon for Jazz and the 
environment led him to a freelance 
writi ng career will appear from February 
11 -22 as a Regents lecturer for the 
Department of Lite ra ture at UCSD. 

Frederick William Turner III has 
written what UCSD li tera ture pro fessor 
Roy Harvey Pearce call s "the defin itive 

biography on naturalist John Muir." Muir 
will be the focus of one of me three 
formal lectures Turner will deliver during 
his UCSD visit. 

The topiC of Turner's first lecture will 
be "Origins of New Orleans Jazz: Sight 
and Sound ," and will take place at 7:30 
pm, Tuesday, Feb. 12, in the UCSD 
International Center. A reception for 
Turner will follow the lecrure. 

A colloquium will be given by Turner 
on his experiences as a freelance writer 
from 4-6 pm on Tuesday, Feb. 19, in 
room 8142 at UCSO's Third College 
Humanities Building. 

Turner'S laSt lecture is titled "Muir in 
the Mountains," scheduled for 8 pm, 
Wednesday, Feb. 20 , in room 104 at 
UCSO's Third College Lecture Hall . 

Pearce says of his former student, 
"What Turner has to say is intrinsically 
important. He is one of the most 
importaN interpreters of the idea of the 
West, its exploration and frontier.· 

o 
The California Stud~nl Aid 

Commission's Bilingual Teacher Grant 
program is offering assistance to college 
undergraduates , graduates and teachers 
who are enrolled in approved bilingual 
teacher training programs. The 
application deadline for the 1985-86 
academic year is February 11 , 1985. 

Students wishing to apply must be 
fluent in a second language and must 
demonstrate financial need . Grants 
ra nge from $300 to $3,816 per year, 
depending upon me amount of need , 
and may be renewed for up to four 
years. 

Freshmen, sophomores, juniOrs, 
sentors and graduate students at four-
year institutions must be enrolled in 
bili ngual programs approved by the 
Commission on Teacher Credentialing. 
Community college srudents must be 
enrolled in articulated Associate of Arts 
programs in bilingual education 
approved by the Community Colleges 

~---------~----------~ 
-r-It -r- ~ 
-r- , 

'" 
,. r 1M r ,..I ., ~ , :~~ ~ .,~ I ". I 

.. 'I , ~I ..... II r ,,,, .. .... II1II 
.. I .. 

" 
~I 

r .L :. If 
fl' I.! 

Cover: What you see are two images of a miniature 
(one-inch-tall) clay sculpture made by cover anist 
John Ashlee. Ladies and gentlemen, this is an. This 
begins and ends the cover story for this issue. 
News: Voting on the proposed AS constitution draws near 
(see "cross section"), the Star Wars defense plan is analyzed 
at the IGCC, the search for a spot for the new University 
Center has narrowed to five potentially controversial sites, to 
be presented at a meeting tonight in Peterson Hall, Also, a 
Scripps scientist is awarded the Navy's highest civilian 
honor, and the secret of academic internships is revealed to 
all, 
Opinions: A follow-up editorial on the issue of religion, plus 
a barrage of leners on the subject, and Doonesbury, 

Perspecti~s: The debut of ~Class of 2011," a new column 
that will take the events of today at UCSD and project them 
into the future, 
Spons: A preview of women's tennis, men's basketball 
springs a leak against Southern California College, and 
baseball prepares for Tuesday's home opener against Point 
Lorna. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

Korean and Native American. 

-

, 

Chancellor's Office. Certificated teachers 
with a bilingual waiver may also apply 
for grants if pursuing a bilingual-
crosscultural specialist credential or a 
certificate of competence approved by 
the Commission on Teacher 
Credentialing. 

Approved programs are available at 
more than 70 colleges and universities 
throughout me state. Languages 
included in approved bilingual programs 
are : Spanish, Vietnamese, Chinese, 

Applications for the Bilingual 
Teachers Grant program and all other 
Student Aid Commission grant programs 
(including Cal Grams A. B, C and 
Graduate Fellowship) are available at 
high school counseling offices, college 
financial aid offices and the California 
Student Aid Commission, 1410 Fifth 
Street, Sacramento, CA 95814 (tel: (916) 
+45-0880.) 

- Sean Wagstaff 
o rsectio!~--------------------------------------~----------~ ~ 

!e We the people of the Associated Students ... 
On February 19 and 20, UCSD students will have an 

opportunity to ratify a new ASUCSD constitution , a 
document that has been in the works for three years. To 
go into effect, the constitution must receive the majority 
approval 6f at least 20% of the student population in the-
referendum vote . 

Accord ing to AS President Marc Boroditsky, 
outstanding growth of the campus has made the existing 
constitution obsolete. Its missing element, he says, is the 
precise delegation of aumority which is necessary to 
ensure a more efficient government that is best suited for 
the students. 

Last year, me revising committee working on the 
document was comprised of about six core students, 
many of whom are currendy active on the AS board. 
Other members were students with diverse interests who 
volunteered their input. 

Robin Newland, commissioner of elections, put 
banners up and sent leners to every UCSD student 
announcing the referendum meetings last quarter. The 
letter urged participation and reminded students that 
"any person duly registered as an undergraduate at 
UCSD shall be a full voting member of ASUCSD." 

A detailed outline (or the new constitution was created 
by Ken Davenport, a political science major here at 
UCSD. As an independent study project , Davenport , in 
conjunction with Peter Irons, associate professor of 
political science at UCSD, researched the constitutions 
of UC schools as well as mher universIties. 

Davenport came up with a new set of guidelines that 
can handle the fast pace and increased number of 
students involved in UCSD's growth. The development 
of the UCSD campus direcdy affects the growth of the AS . 
Bomditsky said. 

Boroditsky pointed out that the present document 
outlines the duties of the president and vice preSident 
only. In contrast, the new constitution clearly specifies a 
division of responsibilities. The new plan includes ten 
offi cers as well as nine ex-officio members of council. 

The new document states that one president will 
preside with three vice presidents below him, each 
controlling a different area of student government: (l) 
external affairs; (2) administrative affairs; and (3) the 
finance committee. Next in line in the hierarchy are six 
co mm iss ioners who regulate public relations , 
communications, programming, academic affairs , 
operations/ services and enterprises, and the UniverSity 
Center Board . Final authOrity still lies in the hand s of the 
legislative committee. 

AS-related organizations generate $700,000 and 
manage 150 budgets. Wim all of these responsibilities, 
time management is important. Boroditsky said that 
80% of his time during meetings is spent on financial 
concerns. If these issues could be sorted out in their 
appropriate committees before they reach the general 
meetings, conference time could be spent more 
efficiendy, he said. 

A section in the new constitution titled "Conflicr of 
Interest" prevents an officer from voting on an issue that 
he or she is i nvalved in by title. 

Anmher noteworthy change is the idea of having four 
senators (formerly referred to as representatives), each of 
a different class standing, from each coBege. This way, 
AS members will be more diverse and aware of different 
aspects of UCSD. 

During the late '60s and early 70s, the AS was voted 
out and turned into a co-op. Anyone could be an official 
of the board and maintain power to vote after anending 
only three meetings. Although this encouraged student 
involvement, it resuhed in the lack of a cohesive student 
organization. 

In 1977, with a different politically active student 
body, the AS was voted back in again. The AS 
constitution was wrinen in one night, Boroditsky said, 
adding that it is "filled with loopholes and 
contradictions. There is no point in amending a 
worthless document." 

If approval from the majority of students voting in the 
upcoming referendum is not obtained, or if less than 
20% of the stlldent body votes , then the existing 
constitution will remain legal and more revisions will 
have to be made on the new proposal , Boroditsky said . 

- Suunn~ Urson 

• ;r. 

Star Wars defense 
analyzed by IGee 
By JOSEPH ROMM 

T WO RECENT SPEAKERS at the InS lilute on Global ConflIct and Coopera tion hoth suggested Ihat 
the MX missile might be un necessary 
and that the Soviets oppose Star Wars 
because they are afraid of the United 

ta tes' technological superiority. 
Last Wed nesday, professor Wilham 

Niere nberg, di rector of the cripps 
Instllution 01 Oceanography, spoke at 
length about the hIStory of the MX missile. 
He argued that the MX missile was 
essentially deSigned by Ihe SALT I and 
SALT II treaties . Those treaties allowed 
only one new land-based missile, with a 
maximum of len nuclear bombs 
(wa rh eads) on each miSSile , and no new 
silos to house the new mIssile . 

The MX missile carries ten warheads 
and is just about the largest possible 
miss ile that can fit in the existing 
Minuteman silos. 

iere nberg suggested th:lt the MX 
missile is due lO the SALT treaties, 

.1 

rather than any particular military 
neceSSity. He said he would prefer Ihat 
the US backfit the existing Minuteman 
Missiles with MX guidance systems, at a 
COst of perhaps $3-$7 billion rather than 
spending $30-$60 billion on'the MK 

LaSt Tuesday, Leon Sloss, or Leon 
loss Associates, Inc .. ArlinglOn, Virginia, 

prese nted the results of a se ries of three 
semina rs in WashingtOn, D.C. on 
negotiating with the Soviet Union. The 
most interesting conclus ion of the 
parti cipants was that weapons labeled as 
"bargaining chips" are not va luable if 1) 
they are built solely fo r bargai ning 

purposes, or 2) the side building the 
weapon does not Intend lO bargain it 
away. 

Alth ough Sloss did not make the 
connection himself, the MX missile fa ll s 
into one of those [WO categones Most 01 
Ihe Congressional suppo rters of Ihe MX 
see (he MX as havi ng little poli tical or 
mIlitary use other than as a bargaining 
chi p. The Reagan Admintstration has 
sta led many times, however. that It has 
no inte ntion of givmg up the planned 
100 MX missiles (and the AI r Force has 
staled thaI II wants 200 MX missiles) . 

As for Star Wars, 'or the StrategiC 
Defense Initiallve, as the administration 
calls it , Sloss fee ls the SovIets are trying 
to return to the 1972-19a3 regime of the 
1972 Anti -Ballistic MISSIle (ABM) treaty. 
where. he says, the Soviets uSed every 
loophole lO build their defense.:; ag~ nst 
balli stic missiles while we di smantlej:l 
our ABM sy~tcm in Gmrl(j' ·Fooo, North 
Dakota. Nierenberg expresse4 a very 
similar view. Both men support Star 
Wars and claim th<;t t it wQuld not 
stimulate an escalanon of the arms ·ace . 

Sloss also prese nted bne often : 
neglec ted fact~me existmg A8M trtaty 
.already b!1_n ~ s l?a~c-bascd balli ~i c I 
missile defertse, wh rc h the 'Star Wars 
program would ei1tail. The general ; 
public seems to believe mat me Soviets 
might give some offe nsIve weapons in 
return for a ban on tar Wars weapons: 
this is nm the case. The oviets are not 
going to give up some existing weapon 
system in return fo r US adhering to the 
te rms of a treaty it signed over ten years 
ago. ~ 

, , 

M.ndevllle Center 
s::J 'I ~L; ~ ~ 

Monday, Feb. 'I, 1985 3 

• . --

-'; 

Mlr.mar /..% 
comple~.::c ~ 

/ ~--
-

~ :: -::::--
::::: --

-:=:::=:- -

--
---

-)-

Pictured arc the five proposed locaoons Jar the new Scude nt Center. 

Student Center discussed tonight 
. Ton ight "at 5: 15 p~ In Peterson HaU ' 108 there will be a pre sentation of 
the possible sites selec ted for the new Univers ity Center. During the 
presentation: sketches of eac h site will be sh own, a nd the a rc hitectural 

''feasio ility; tralTi-c patierns ,' population de nSity , feasibility of solar heating, 
and parking capacities i nvolved wi th 'tllCJ;l ~ite will be disc ussed . Also 
discussed will be the possible move of the cali) l?us bookstore to the Stude nt 
CerlteT', -a. ·move to: be -funded by the bookstore itself. 

All of this info rrnation will be released in a booklet Monday, telling the 
pros and cons o f ea'ch site . 

According to Associated Stud ents Presid ent Marc Borod itsky, the de rails 
of the funding have been rake n care of, with the students payi ng a small 
pa rt of their fees, the C ha nce llor pledgin g $2 million , a nd a ny ad d itional 
groups or orga n izarions pa)'l ng for the ir own bUIldings and fac tl mes. 

- Andrea Hannon 



4 Monday. Feb. 4. 1985 

Sending innocent lambs to slaughter? 
Here at the Guardian we are always pleased when we receive a 

barrage of letters concerning our editorial convictions. Here at the 
Guardian we are extremely pleased when the groups or individuals we 
have publicized decide that it is within their best interest to defend 
their virtuousness by mailing us their retractions. You see, we don't 
believe in infallibility. We are a collection of skeptical, inquisitive, 
doubting Thomas's. You might say that we can be overly zealous in our 
presentation of moral and ethical questions. That is because we hold 
that the practice of ethics is pan of political praxis-a process of 
progressive values in constant motion . 

For us, there are no half-truths; we do not retract our statements 
because the practitioners of a deceptive act claim naivete about the 
"proper proceedings." What is stunning is that the group claiming 
innocence and bewilderment over the accusations made in the Guardian 

is the very one whose peers control the most important political offices 
in the United States! It reminds one of Richard Nixon kneeling on the 
floor of the Oval Office with Alexander Haig, praying with all their 
heans for absolvement of Dick's breach of national trust. Mr. Nixon 
desired the ultimate amount of power; he wanted to be seen as a 
faultless soothsayer in front of a uninformed flock. Dick felt that he had 
the key to the city engraved in his palm. Then he led his nation, and 
himself, into disgrace. 

There is an important lesson to be deduced from this tragedy: Leave 
the increasingly intelligent human population alone to develop its own 
beliefs. The only "saving" form of information that should be distributed 
to anyone is that which encourages the individual to consistently climb 
new branches on the tree of knowledge, to never StOP developing a 
unique epistemology, and to realize one's faults , fallibility, and the 
necessity of dispensing "information" with the utmost care. 

II <eilit<err~n <e\tit<err~ll<eilit<err~ll<eitit<elr ~ll cefrfr®lr ~ll ®(ill®lf ~n ®ttfr®rr ~ll <efrfr®rr~ll<eitit<err$ll~ilit<err~ll <eilit<err ~il <e 
tt<err$lettersll~\tit<err~ll®ilit®rr~ll~frfr®rr~ ll®frfr®rr~ll®frfr~rr~n®ilit®rr~ll®frfr<errzll<ellit<errzll<eilit<err~ll<efrfr® 

rr~ncefdt®Ir~ll<eilit<err~ll<ettfr~rr~ll®ilit®lf~ll~tt~~Ii~ll®frfr®lf~ll®ilit®rr~ll®ilit®rr~n<eilit<err~ll®t'dt<err$n<eW<e1f 
A Christo logical Defense 
Editor. 

If the God of Jesus Christ intends to 
save only those Christians who have 
undergone an emotionally charged "2nd 
baptism" and damn everyone else , then 
1 don't want to' have anything to do with 
him. 

However, If the God of Jesus Chnst IS 
the one who WIll Judge us neither on 
our religIOUS fervor, nor on what religIOn 
we belong to , but on how we "clothed 
the naked, fed the hungry and visited 
the imprisoned ," then us Christians had 
better look around and see how many 
non-Christian, Jewish , Moslem, agnostic 
or atheist friends and co-workers we 
have and how many we have alienated 
through patronizing or proselytizlOg. 
"Born again" or not , we may have a lot 
10 answer for. 

( Rev) Frank P. Sabatte, CSP 
Associate Director 

The Catholic Community at UCSD 
Facilitator 

The Catholic Student Coordinators 

Editor. 
How you vIew your world makes a 

world of dIfference. All of us wear a pair 
of glasses through which we .iew the 
world. And all of the data that comes to 
us is colored by the color of those 
glasses. What you would call an 
"illusion" is more correcdy called a 
"change in your glasses." It IS possible 
for all of us by an act of the will to tum 
10 the assumption upon which our 
world IS VIewed and exchange them for 
a new set. 

It is not wrong for a person to test or 
question his own pair of glasses (beliefs) 

against the facts, in fact It is healthy. 
That is exactly what Campus Crusade 
for ChrISt is doing when they ask 
another student to give their feedback 
on the Four Spiritual Laws or to consider 
the un iqueness of the person ofJesus 
Christ and the claims He made. 

ConSIder this, if you will , for JUSt one 
moment. If it is true that Jesus Chnst 
was God in the flesh and if He dId rise 
from the dead and solve the problem of 
sin , then it would be tragIc if a person 
were never told how to take advantage 
of that free gIft. 

The issue isn 't over solicitation, it's 
over information . The question could just 
as well be posed , "Do you feel it is right 
to withhold information that could help 
someone (suc h as a cure to cancer) on 
the basis that they should be man 
enough to figure theIr own way OUt of 
their own dilemma?" Americans have 
the attltude , far too often , that we 
should n't bother 10 throw in the life 
preserver but that we should watch out 
for ourselves 

Furthermore , we are not soliCiting any 
more than the Red Cross does when 
they ask if they can dispense aid to the 
starving or injured. We are dispensing 
information, not infringing on the rights 
of another. 

It's because I respect the other 
person's opinion that I share the Good 

ews with them. Univerisry students 
don't need to be sheltered from the 
arena of thought by banning religiOUS 
funding on campus. That won't do 
anything but take us away from the 
freedom of speech and the freedom of 
assembly our forefathers fought for. 

Berry Fiess 

Editor: 
In recent weeks in articles in the 

Guardian, we, the students of Campus 
Crusade for Christ, have been accused 
of both trying to deceive the AS and of 
outright lying to them regarding the 
performance of Andre Kole at UCSD. It 
".ppears the feeling is that we purpose ly 
withheld information about the religious 
nature of the final element of his 
perfonnance in an attempt to gain 
funding from the AS. 

On the issue of lying to the AS (as 
stated by Matthew J Cronin in his 
article on Jan. 28), we have done no 
such thing. We have not falsified any 
information to the AS in any way, and 
we ask Matthew to re tract this allegation . 

Also, we have not tried to deceive the 
AS as to the nature of Andre's 
performance. When we first began the 
paperwork to bring Andre to UCSD, we 
were told that due to the fact that we 
were selling tickets for the performance, 
we needed to receIve an underwrite 
from the AS In order to do so (We later 
found Ollt, during the interim between 
the twO AS meetings where this issue 
was discussed , that this was not 
necessary if we could provide our own 
undetwrite). We had applied for the 
underwrite and not direct AS funding. 
We were under the impression that an 
underwrite was not considered to be the 
same as direct fundi ng and therefore 
did not constitute AS sponsorship of our 
event. We approached the underwrite as 
something we needed to have (i.e. a 
formality) and as a financial issue (i.e . a 
loan whIch four of our members had 
agreed to be surety for). We did not 
reali ze that Andre's comments relating to 
spiritual matters would have any bearing 

mnoa: PtD~ 
NEWS EDIlOA: PHI. WON 

CONIMUfIMG 
orIlIOHS IDITOA: *T1HW J.CN:'" 
COfllf~ ~ ~ .... 
Am IDf1OA: NltN.W ~ 
GlWtIC AA11ST5c JOHN ~ JOHN ..... Dr.ACl1IIIM 

on this decision since we did not 
realize that we were in fact (as we 
discovered later) requesting AS 
sponsorship. Also , his perfomlance had 
been underwritten by the AS on a 
previous occasion, and we assumed that 
the AS would realize that any event 
sponsored by Campus Crusade for 
Christ would have something to do with 
Christiani ty. When questions were 
brought up as to the religious element of 
Andre's performance, we answered them 
truthfully and directly. Essentially, what 
has been viewed as things we were 
trying to hide from the AS were issues 
we did not realize had any bearing on 
the matter of an AS underwrite , 
especially in light of approval in the 
paS!. 

For those who are convinced that we 
have been deceptive in this matter, we 
cannot hope to change your minds, but 
only to ask that you give a thought to 
considering our perspective. 

For those who continue to refer to 
the "Assignment Life" issue of last 
year-you are correct, we did essentially 
everything wrong. However, whereas we 
have a new AS Council which shouldn't 
be associated with underwriting Andre 
Kole in the past , there is baSically a new 
student leadership in Campus Crusade 
which shouldn 't have past incidents 
held against them. The person 
responsible , now an alumni , has done 
his best to apologize and make amends. 
What more can we say? 

Randy Jones 
lisa Underwood 

Campus Crusade (or Christ 

L CONllNUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

PtIOIOGMJIIIEM: JONoI AM£E. OI\W ...... ~Nt:Jt'l:l!t_:H~. 
NOfSOFlllY 

STAFF WM'EP.S: WJ>..I(. 1l/\£ITENIlEAG, ~ ftmsT, JOAN R*1.l£IA ANCNA~, ~IIIW'IL~ £:: 
Of\ISnMA KAUS, AOOEI\T ImNE. JfR MUNIC. KEUAY NEAL I..AJ.XUE 
DAWN "AMlNEI\ RENtE WENNCK 

........... .. ... ............ ............... .. .. ..... ............ ............... _ .................. ........ .. _ . ..... .. ................ ...... . 

PASlI·UP AAnsTS: JOttol ASHL£E. SHMCN NGOI. ~ IMI<Y. DAVlDAIIIO\lf. SEAIt~~FF 
TYP£SETTD.S: PIEN F\.M, WI \oWaEN. IIHU' ~ CWR 1N:IMM 
DUSINm 

Monday. Feb. 4. 1985 , 

Viewpoint 

You can eat now, or staNe later 
By JANET TAYLOR 

"To accept passively an unjust system is 
to cooperate with that system." 

-Marti" l. King 
Most people would agree with the above statement. 

But do people support their agreement with actions? I 
am inclined to answer that they do not. For example. 
over half of the eligible voters in the United States do 
not vote . Yet, one is constantly hearing complaints 
from non-voters (as well as voters) that our system is 
corrupt and taxes are too high. I'm tired of this "all 
talk, no action" attitude. Therefore, I plan to propose a 
solution to the current meal card dilemma that we, as 
UC San Diego students , face . 

depending on how many meals one is willing to 
purchase within a quarter. Instead of buying 14 meals 
per week one would buy 140 meals per quaner. In 
order to accomplish this, the present computer system 
must be reprogrammed to count meals per quaner 
rather than adding meal per period per week. Once 
this has been complered, the problems of time 
schedules and limited use will Significantly diminish 
because the card holder will be able to use the meal 
card at anytime he wishes. The only foreseeable 
problem is that students would have to be careful not 
to relinquish rheir meals too qUickly. But being the 
bright, gifted youths of UCSD , this shouldn't be a 

problem. 
There exists a problem within our Food Services 

system. Due to conflicting class schedules and limited 
use of the meal cards, we , as holders , are being 
unjustly restricted . The proposed is the definitive 
solution because it is inexpensive, feasible and has 
been used successfully at other Universities like UC 
Davis, UC Berkeley and Usc. So why don't we put 
these words into action? 

'The food in this place is really terrible. Yes, and such 
small portions. That's essentially how 1 feel about life." 

- Woody Allen 
Under the present policy, a meal card holder has 

the option of one of three plans: ten , 14 or 19 meals 
per week. Generally, the Food Service olTers three 
meals a day, Monday through Friday, with brunch and 
dinner offered on Saturday and Sunday. the cardholder 
has the option to dine in any of the three dining 
commons or in four restaurants, during the follOWing 
allotted times: 
Meal Hours 
Breakfast 
Lunch 
Dinner 
Brunch 

Commons 
7:15-9:30 
11 ' 15-1 :30 
4:30-6:30 
9:00-12:00 

Campus Restaurants 
7:30-10:30 
1l :00-3:30 
4:00-8:00 

The above time allotments are the only times in 
which a meal card can be utilized . O ften class 
schedules conflict. The Food Services unsuccessfully 
tries to suppress this problem by extending the meal 
hours of campus restaurants. However, these facilities 
do not accept meal ca rds on Saturday or Sunday. Also, 
In the campus restaurants , one is limited to an 
assigned eash value ra ther than an "all you can eat" 
poli y. For instance, during breakfast a card holder is 
allowed to purchase items up to 52 .20, lunch $3.30. 
dinner $3.70; whereas in the di ning commons one can 
eat as much as one wants. Furthennore , one is 
restrlcted to using the meal.card only once during a 
meal penod . So, If one wlshc~ ID purchase a snack at 
llam and a lunch al 2pm (using one's meal card) it 
would be ImpOSSIble , due to the fact that 11am and 
2pm are Ilmes deSIgnated to the same meal penou . 
Consider another uccu rrence In which this problem 
arises. A friend comes to UCSD for a visll . Bemg a 
proud Triton , you decide to treat your friend to a nice 
Warren Commons dinne r. Except unde r the curren! 
system, you cannot purchase two meals within the 
same meal penod, whi le your meal ca rd lays wastefully 
at your side. 

Under this current Food Service program we , as 
meal card holders are bei ng "npped 01T." Within thIS 
system, one cannot have a snack and a meal within a 
three hour span, one cannot lend one's card to others , 
one cannot usc one's card to buy a friend a meal. The 
current policy is unjust and wasteful and must be 
altered . 

I propose that our Food Services program implement 
a system much hke a b.mking system. At the beginning 
of each quarter, a student depOSits a certai n fee 

. 

.. 

~ 

Doonesbury 

at: The 
Comic Gallery 

1----------------, : One FREE Marvel Comic : 
~~I (value of $1) with any 1 

: $S ,00 purchase : 
1 of new Marvel Comics. 1 
!. - - Offer expm:s Febnlary II , 1985. _ .! 

4224 Balboa Ave , an Diego , CA 921 l7 
(corner of Balboa &' Clairemont Dr.) 

- Ne t to Food Basket-
(61 9) 483-4853 

tht.- o.u.·.~1oJll·ollt.·l·t(}rs· shOll. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 
A ffiIlI8fIlJISE,5, 14€ 
~ I«SIIr 5IIIJIl) 6lI\I5lJ/~ I 
I1XX LJ/f&ANt- t.4t 
~ W45 HIT. 1lUiH! fnTIl DII:L I 

~/-

All YOU CAN EAT 
fIO\ SPAGHEttl1 -s. rb~·O S2.S0 ~·066 

It EVERY MONDAY - 3PM TIL CLOSE '.I 
(Get there early for best seating) 

WE DELIVER PIZZA 
minimum $10.00 order 

PARIY TIME/EXAM TIME/ANY TIME 
CATCH MONDAY NIGHT POO1'BAU. AT JENNY'S 

.---------------------------: UCSD SPECIAL : 
I I 

: fREE PITCHER OF BEER : 
: wrm IARGE PIZZA : 
: Otfer not good with any other discount, : 
--.~~-- Coupon good through 2 14 /85 -------

) 

~~' 3945 Governor Dr" Governor lit t\" "'\ KITCHEN Genesee, Safeway Shopplna Center 
Chic<.lgo Style Italian Eatezy 5 Minutes to UCSD Campus 

HOME COOKED fOOD AT PAST POOD PlUCES. 



6 Monday , Feb. 'I, 1985 

"'Y.. ..• ~ 

ll<eilit<elr~ll<eilit<elr~n<ettit®Ir~ll<efdt<e1f~n®ttfr®rr~n®~tt®rr~n®rctt®rr~ll®tttt®Ir~n~ilit<elr~n<etttt®rr~n<efrtt<err~il~ tt~lr$lettersnce;\ill<elr~n®\ill®rr~n®~fr®li~n~frfr®rr~ll®u ~rr~n®tttt(f;rr~ll®frfr~lr~nce;fdtcerr~n<eilitcelr~n<efrfr~ 
rr~ll~ilit®1f~ll<eilit<err~ll~frfr~lf~n®tttt~rr~ll~ttU:~lf~n® tt~If~ll®frfr®lf~n®frfr(f;rr~n®frtt~rr~n~ilit~li~n~W<elf 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 4 \ 
Editor. 

I'm writing this in response to an 
editorial that was published in the 
Guardian last Monday entitled 'The 
Illusion of Christianity." While a major 
portion of the article concerns the 
CCCs presentation of Andre Kole , the 
author made numerous tatemems 
throughout the arti Ie that seemed in 
my mind to represent many of the 
mIsconceptions and problems people 
have in discussing the whole Issue of 
religion. I would like to address rhem 
and in domg so, touch upon rhe CCC 
issue. 

The first questlon I would like to raise 
oncems rhe issue of "the foolhardiness 

for Earth-bound creatures with finite 
minds to be forever debatmg the 
existence of an infinite God ." While 
usage of the word forever serves to lessen 
the force of the statement, one is still 
left with the idea that God is this 
infinite and inscrutable mystery that our 
limited human faculties can never really 
understand. I don't know about you, bur 
I have never truly grasped electronics. I 
can imagine a stream of electrons 
flowing down a wire but the exact 
physics is beyond me. But that doesn't 
keep me from using electricity and 
being able to come up with a rough 
model that gets across the essence of 
the situation. ow while you mIght 
argue that God is beyond electriCIty, 
electricity, as far as I know, has never 
tried to reveal itself to anyone, except, 
perhaps, by an accidental shock. A 
major tenet, however, of every Theistic 
religion listed 10 the article holds that 
God has through the ages revealed 
HImsel f and His desires for mankind; 
through the prophets in Judaism and 
Islam and the person of Jesus Christ in 
Christianity. Even given the weakest 
Idea of who God might be, it is usually 
granted that God is in some form 
"omnipotent" and that in some way or 
another (possibly through evolution) 
God created mankind. Given this, it 
would be ridiculous to assume that If 
God wanted anythmg from the people 
He created. He wouldn't have given us 
the capacity to understand at least the 
fundamental essence of who He tS and 

what He wamed. 
A different questlon that the article 

raises revolves around the issue of 
"heing Ie r alone ro make our own value 
Judgements." While on the outside this 
might sound quite nice, if we all rook 
thiS to be true, we would never have any 
differing opinions upon whtch to base 
these so called judgments. If, for 
example, you wanted to write a paper 
discussing the pros and cons of 
Capitalism. reading about it from a . 
Russian te tbook wouldn't be enough; 
one would need to get both sides of the 
issue. If these "solicltors who proclaim 
to know the truth" can't gIve their side 
of the question , a person will be making 
decisions with only a part of the 
available information and that does not 
constitute a value judgement. 

The last question that stood out in m)' 
mind was the statement that 
"solicitation stifles freedom and erodes 
culture ." If solicitation stifles freedom , 
then evety university around the COUntty 
is a prison. The whole basis for science 
and learning in general IS that of 
refuting false hypotheSiS. Did 
Copernicus and Ptolemy stifle the 
freedom of the Catholic Church by 
proving that the sun was actually the 
center of the universe? Did Einstein 
stifle the freedom of his contemporaries 
by shOwing that the majority of their 
opi nions were invalid? We pay $449.50 
a quarter to be taught by people whose 
life work is to stifle freedom in this way. 
One might argue that Christianity or 
any given religious view might be 
wrong, but if that is the case, the worst 
thing that could be done would be to 
take it out of the place where it can be 
discussed and disproved. Religious 
beliefs and opinions should be no 
different than science. If they aren 't true 
in the most objective sense of the word, 
then they are worthless (see I 
Corinthians 15:1-20). Universities don't 
support the philosophy that false 
theories should be left alone and that 
we shouldn't criticize their advocates; 
neither should religion. 

If anyone read the article I'm refernng 
to, they by now have probably noticed 
that I haven 't even touched upon the 
CCC issue . I must say that I agree that 

COMPLETE HAIR CARE 
459-3195 

565 PEAIIl STREET, LA .JOlLA 

$1250 PRECISION HAIRCUT (REG. $18-$25) 
INClUDES SHt'MPCX), CONDITIONER, CUT, STYlE, BlO'llV DRY, IRON OA SET 

$25 PERMANENT WAVE (REG. $50) 
$15 MAKE-UP APPUCATION (REG. $20) 

$30 WAVING OR FROSTING (REG. 550) 
GOOD FOR All CUENTS. All OFFERS EXPIRE 2/28/85. 

250FF 
ON fOSTENS Cow CoUEGE RINGS. See your 

Josten representative. 

February 4,5,6 
10 am-2 pm 

University Bookstore 

WS4' EJ 

CCC shouldn't have tried to pass Andre 
Kole off as merely an Illusionist. Bur 
from that point on , the alticle rambles 
and makes statements with no support. 
Eve n given the auspicious onset of the 
Kale performance. how does that taint 
the selling of tickets on the plaza? I've 
been out there selling tickets and his 
description of us "Sitting patiently on 
our pulpits" is ridiculous. Do the TKE's 
sir patiently on their pulpits while 
selling posters? Or do they fidget 
around? 

If it is true that "this morbid satire of 
supposedly graced children solicting 
students to fund a type of eva ngelism 
born of deception must end" then it is 
equally true that this inane "hands-orr' 
treatment of religion and the question of 
God should come to an end . There's a 
bumper stlcker out that says "friends 
don't let fnends d~lve drunk." But if 
that's true then why, If I am wasting my 
life believing and trying to live 
something that isn't true , should 
everyone leave me alone? If it is 
important for people to not allow their 
friends to drive drunk, think how much 
more important it should be to OJ' to 
help each other lead a life that is 
grounded on some form of reality. 

Winston Churchill , when asked about 
some of his greatest thoughts 
responded, "It i~ awesome to think that 
some day I might stand before God and 
be held accountable for the things I 
have done." If God exists, it is a brave 
step to assume that He doesn't want 
anything from us. And if God does exist 
and does have some purpose for us 
here on this Earth , then there is no 
question more worthy of discussion and 
thought than that of our relationship to 
this God. 

Rick Frey 

Editor. 
Concerning: Opinions article 'The 

Illusion of Christianity" Oan. 28). 
Although I do not think of myself as a 

"mampulative angel: I am a Christian 
and a follower of Christ. I could not 
agree with you more on the issue of 
freedom and individual choice which 
was discussed in your last paragraph of 
'The Illusion of Christianity." Freedom is 

most worthy in the form of individual 
choiCe and people should and do have 
every right to decide for themselves the 
validity of a religiOUS faith. But in order 
to make a valid decision on any issue , 
one needs to be well informed of both 
sides of the issue and understand the 
impact that their decision will have on 
their life, no matter how major or minor 
the impact will be. 

As a Christian, I do occasionally share 
my faith with others, bur only if I know 
it is something they are willing to hear 
and have the time to hear it. I feel 
Christians are to be used as tools for 
those who do not know the Bible. If 
someone does decide to make a 
religiOUS decision in their life and yet 
does not have the time or the desire to 
read the Bible in order to be well 
informed, Christians can act as 
interpreters, briefly describing and 
informing them of what occurs and is 
said in the Scriptures. 

I am sorry if you have experienced 
evangelists in a negative manner. I 
realize that sometimes it is an 
inconvenience to the unbeliever who is 
unwilling to change, but there are others 
out there who will believe in the Bible 
and who have the right to make a 
decision after they have learned about 
what is involved in this issue. It is 
unfair to not let them hear and these 
are the people we as Christians are 
trying to reach. 

Cammy McGrath 

Letters to the editor should be 
double - or triple-spaced and 
addressed to the Opinions Editor, 
the UCSD Guardian , B-OI6, La Jolla, 
92093. All submissions must include 
the aurhor's phone number and 
Signature; in special cases the name 
will be withheld upon request. 
Letters greater than twO pages in 
le ngth wi II be pri nted as 
"Viewpoints" and will be edited for 
grammar and style. The Guardian 
reserves the right to edit for clarity 
and space consi dera tion s . 
Deadlines are noon Friday for 
Monday editions, noon Tuesday for 
Thursday editions. 

BJ'S PIZZA BUCKS 

Umit One La Jolla, CA 

Per Pizza Series 1985 

8873 Villa La Jolla Drive (Next to Theaters) 
FREE Delivery to UCSD 

Internships give students 
a look at the real world 
By CJ. OSTERWALDER 
"D ON'T LET COLLEGE get in 

the way of your education! " 
the fluorescent green flier 

reads. And on a brown rone-on-rone 
brochure. the ancient Chinese proverb 
states: "I hear and I forget, I see and I 
remember, I do and I understand ." Both 
the Ilier and brochure are advertising 
the merits of an academic intemship, a 
unique opportunity for college students 
to obtain on-the-job training in a 
professional , non-academic 
environment. 

Students can obtain a job with a 
company and work anywhere from ten 
to 30 hours per week, gaining valuable 
training and experience for a career 
after graduation. An internship is also a 
way to explore career choices without 
the pressure of having to commit 
oneself for more than ten weeks. 

There are two intemship offices on 
campus, and each offers a different kind 
of internship . The Academic Internship 
Program (AlP) office is located at 406 
Warren College (three buildings behind 
the Cashier's Office) and offers 
internships for academic credit, ranging 
from four to 12 units. The Associated 
Students Internship Office (ASIO) is 
located in the Student Center 
(immediately above the Game Room) 
and oITers students internships with or 
without academic credit. 

Both otTices have a wide variety of 
internship selections for all majors and 

career interests, ranging from public 
relations ro engineering. Panicipating 
organizations have included the 
American Securi ty CounCIl (in 
Washington , DC), Children's Hospital 
Language Research Laboratory, City of 
San Diego, San Diego Museum of Art, 
Smithsonian Institute. Salk Institute, San 
Diego Zoo, Southland Concens, 
Southwestern Cable , KGlV Channel 10, 
91X radio, Scripps Clinic, UCsD 
Medical Ce nter, Merrill Lynch Realty, 
Rolling Stone magazine, the Los Angeles 
Times and Harcoun-Brace-Jovanovich 
publishers. 

Although both AlP and ASIO have 
many of the same selections, each office 
also offers some jobs that the other does 
not. AlP has a larger total number of 
internships. Both AlP and ASIO will help 
students create their own internships in 
unlisted organiza tions. 

In order to qualify for an internship 
with either office, the applicant must 
choose an advisor. The advisor is then 
responsible for various duties which 
differ, depending on the type of 
intemship (credit or non-credit) and 
the office that the internship is listed 
with. 

Because its internships are always for 
academic credit, AlP requires applicants 
to have at least a 2.5 GPA with at least 
90 units completed. The advisor makes 
a list of selected readings which the 
student must complete during the 
course of the internship. [n addition, 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

• 

J S 0 F 

February 13,Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $10.00, Students $6.00 
UCSD Fac/StafT/Sr.Cit. $8.00 

~Tl~ETi\[)NGD 
& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

.'" 

Monday, Feb. 4, 1985 7 
NE~ 

. '. 

Scientist earns military honor 
A Scripps Institution oceanographer received the US Navy's "Meritorious 

Civilian Service Award ," the highest civilian honor, during a ceremony held at 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Dr. Roben E. Stevenson, a scientific Iiason office r for the Office of Naval 
Research (ONR) and an oceanographic research associate at Scripps, was cited as 
having "played a key role in applying space technology to the solution of 
oceanographIC problems." 

The award was presented in conjunction with a scientific symposium on space 
oceanography, which featured speakers from the ONR, Scripps and NASA, 
including Space Shuttle astronauts Captain Robert Crippen (USN) and Paul Scully" 
Power, a civilian Navy oceanographer and research associate at 510. 

Stevenson, who was hailed as the "father of space oceanography in the Western 
World ," was one of the first American scientists to suggest that oceanographic 
measurements could be accurately recorded from spacecraft using remote sensing 
units. 

Stevenson has advised a number of agencies on space-related programs, 
including the National Academy of Science , NATO and NASA, and has done 
extensive work with the astronauts for the Space Shuttle program, briefing them on 
procedures for making oceanographic observations from space. 

- Susan Sullivan 

the student must keep a journal of work 
experience and also complete one, twO 
or three "projects" in order to receive 
four, eight or 12 units or credit. Projects 
may include , but are not limited to , an 
evaluative report that integrates theory 
from readings with practical experience 
gained , a "take-home final ," or a 
standard research paper with 
bibliography. The projectCs) and the 
journal are then evaluated by the 
advisor. In addition , the number of 
hours of "field work" (on-the-job 
experience) required per week is as 
follows: eight to ten hours for four units 
credit, 20 hours for eight units, and 30 
hours for 12 units. Regardless of class 
status, many majors will allow one four-
un it special studies course (such as an 
internship) to count as an upper-
division course towards the major's 

requirements. However, the internship 
can only be taken on a passi no pass 
basis, so H cannot improve one's GPA. 

Internships are available every quarter 
of the year including summer and are 
available nationwide as well as in San 
Diego. There is generally no monetary 
compensation for the internship; 
however, occasionally parking or 
mileage is reimbursed and sometimes 
there is even a small salary. 

The application deadline for AlP is 
the end of the fifth week, while the 
deadline for ASIO is the end of the 
foutth week. Most internshi ps require 

, the application only one quarter before 
the inte rnship begins, although , for 
instance, the Los Angeles Times requires 
the application two quarters 10 
advance. ~ 

The home of the 
3~¢ halllburger. 

" 

",,,,,,, Me~m 
I 7 140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u..~'!IIIII!I~!!!!~~!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!-""'.u 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
. Quart~r Pounder\!> with Cheese, LarKe Fry, 

Medium-Size Soft Drink 

Limit un\.' ('uupun p~r 
..:ustUnll.' r t pl.'r ViSit . Pk'as-: 
prl's\.' nt ("uuplln whl·n 
orJ~rInK. Nor v" hJ With any 
<>t h"r ull", . 

Just $1.99 
(plus tax) 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd, 

San Dielo 
~~111111 



Single 
Twin 

- $480 
- $345 

Triple - $305 
~ILffi\ W ~ ~~~ uILffi\1fB: 

Single 
Twin 
Triple 

- $410 
- $305 
- $265 

All prices are based on per person costs with a mini-
mum of 50 passengers. Rates are higher with less 
than 50 full paying passengers. ALL PRICES ARE 
QUOTED FOR 1985 GUARANTEED RATES. 

$100 non-refundable deposit 
required by February 1 5 
Sign up ot OCR. Conyonview Administrative Offices 
or coli Chuck Gormley ot x4064 (452·4064) 

UC SAN DIEGO 
INrrERNATIONAl 

fIL~ERIES 
1 9· 8 5 
presented by UCSD U niversi ty Eve nts Office 

A new comedy of misses and misfits 
from the diretto r of A SLAVE OF LOVE and OBLOMOV 

Connm Films presents 

Niki10 M1kholkovs 

~ Al£XAN()[R KAUAGIN 
and ELENA SOlOV(1 

DtrfCIe<l bv NIKfTA MIKHALJ<.OV 
ACommF_ ...-
.... OMOClOflOI'l wflh SoYeAQOnf,1m 

AI) Unfini5hed Piece 
for Player Piano 

February S, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

III GA. $5.00, Students $3 .00 
Jll,W ___ ~_@T1~fli\DN' & UC 0 Box Office: 452-4S59 __ -..MI 

INCLUDES: 
e Round trip bus to & from Tijuana 

e Round trip air Tijuana/ Mazatlan 
eAirport tax 

eTransfers from airport 
to hotellreturn airport 

e Hotel accommodations 
for 5 nights 
eWelcome cocktail 

eSellman gratuities InlOut 
(2 pieces per person) 

eDaily Maid gratuities 

Valentine's Day Personals 
only 50~ (pcr 1 00 characters) 

Come to the Guardian before 
noon on Tuesday, 2/12, and see 
your Valentine's wish on the 14th. 

Monday, Ftb. 'I, 1985 9 

> , • : • 'i:. ... , «.... . .Ii'. .,~... ,,~.. ~ -.1: • • .. • 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates Medical Group's profeSSional concerned 
staff can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core need s. Call today for on immediate 
oppoi ntment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

tc.r.I fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
..... MEDICAl. GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

THE FUTURECOPV PlACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS. FACULTY 

41fz( 
Self SeNice Copies 

Mon.· Thurs. e am· e pm 
Fri. e am • 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am • 5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon· 5 pm 

457-3775 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs. SaY-On) 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 

HElP WANTED-SUMMER CAMP 
GOLD ARROW CAMP, located on Huntington 
Llk. m thr High Siorra of unual California, 
is looking [or qualified people to 6U • variety oC 
positions, including; MALE &I FEMALE 
INSTRUCTORS in tho following fields: Saili ng. 
Windsurfing, Can""ing, Kayaking, Fishing, 
Spe.dboac Drivers, Arch.ry. Backpacking. Rock 
Climbing. Rilkry, Trapshooling and Pistol, 
Horseback Riding. Photography. Crafts (Potter's 
Whe.Is). Wildlif. &I Ecology. Also, MALE &I 
FEMAlE CABIN COUNSELORS and Llundry-
persons. We will '"t.rview aU in~"'sted 
applicants ON CAMPUS on WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 6. Please contaCt the STUDENT 
EMPlOYMENT CENTER for applicalions and an 
intelVltw appomm",nt. PLEASE BRING THE 
COMPLETED APPUCATION WITH YOU. Da~s 
of employment a~ July 1 through August 31. 

~GOLD-A""OW-CAMP~ 

You CAN Know 
Your Majot1 

A Multl-Dlmensional 
Testing Program 
INDMDUALIZED 

FOR YOU 
-

Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 
Day or Night 

~ LEARNiNG 
~ CENTeR 

Now see EuroI?e at 
a more reasonaBle rate. 

With Hertz, you can see Europe: from a first class 
compartment that stops anywhere: you want and goes 
whenever you're ready. And whether you share that com-
partment with three friends or just one, Hertz will cost 
you less than Eurail. At a level of convenience that takes 
the commotion out of locomotion. 

As long as you're 18 years old you can rent a car from 
Hertz:" And yau can reserve it just seven days before 
renting, without paying in advance. What's more, our 
rates are guaranteed . And there's never a charge for mile-
age. Plus, by renting from Hertz you can get discounts at 
over 3,000 hotels throughout Europe , 

For details and reservations, talk to a travel agent or 
call Hertz at l-gOO-654· 3001. Because even if you 're on a slu-
dent budget, you houldn't have to ~cc Europe on a pass. 

1"""41'1 1 #',","~'n~rHJln lhc l" •• 1c ... 1 "'f \ (n,J 4H." ... h. , 'f"h.~,,"kq'L.t 
tw,," '" '""nil, J.MI •• f"lu,.. ..... ~I' .1ft· I ... IIIIJ.n.. t .04"11\ " rt h,,,,rJ '" ~\,tl~I, 1(I r~ " .... "., I I I,.\J., I 
• Iii jf1'i~ ,toii" fl' I " ... I"J"J 11(.1, " "n •. l.u J .... ' •• ni.1 .. roJ JfI' ~ ' ~u .. ht"'I""h AI 1'1\ Rn. 1'\ .l hH'!" r,., It" 

, .. II .,l'>d.1> hi 11..,11 1\ ,tt.J ~ \ ,Of ",.Ioo>fli l ~ Llfd\."L·' "til oI r r h Roll,"' .II( l1O.h~u .. r t.! • 

III 

• ,,,. 

= EDUCAT10NAl ~ 
TEST _""""TlCN SI'£OIoUSTS SH:( _ 

Call Oays Eves & Weekends 

$.A.N DIEGO CENTER 
2180 GARNET 2D 

OA,ClFIC BEACH, CA 92109 
(619)270-6810 

Ml MCNULTY, ADMINISTRATOR 



10 Monday, Feb. 4, 1985 

T HE GUARDIAN has asked me to [de-print a new column chronicling [he events between UCSD's 25th and our soon to be 50th anniversal)'. Re-creating the past 25 years ofUCSD's history would be impossible without the use of the Ginelsohn Library's Histography 
Chamber, located in the Special Recollections section on the 14th noor.1 hope the chronicles 
presented in the follOWing weeks will entice those of you classified as under-minded 
scholars to make use of the chamber by exploring UCSD's past in person , or reserving 
time in one of the alternative histones which are available on loan from the Institute on 

. ~\ Galactic Culture and Cooperarion ((GCC), located on Yo(k Campus. Under-minds can 
use the chamber once they have com pie red the psycho-history condirioning course 
P.H. 103. Yearly, under-minders anempt unaurhorized entry into the chamber, so 
the library's psycho-historian requested me to remind them that, without the 
proper passive/ apathetic training, they may experience severe psycho-
philosophical damage from becoming too involved in an historical momen!. 
During my first under-minding year at UCSD, two curious students entered 
the year 1988 as an evangelist was attacking a fraternity "little sister," caDing 
her a slut for considering sex outside of marriage, The under-minders 
attempted to defend the woman by grapling with the holographic 
evangelist , but since there was no reality to the evangelist, and the 

the Star Wars defense system were removed. "-
I suppose the Guardian selected me for this 

because my viru-cell ancestor was one of the first 
volunteers in the Salk Institute's cion 

conducted before the Right to Eternal Life's genetic 
engineering ban of 1994, and also served the Guardian 

compiling a bi-weekly rerro-view of the first 2S years 
UCSD, That looking backward column was a popula 

pastime in the '80s. 

crowd lived in the past, the actions of the under-minders were futile, 
The two students were rescued from the chamber and required 
months of de-involvement processing. 

The Salk Institute lab repon indicates the blood cell 
sample, CJ37, was drawn for a 1982 tetanus experiment 

conducted by Dr. Locke Jah.Jah genetically impregnated 
the blood cell with a virus, creating a viru-cell, which, with 

continual nourishment, became an immortal organism. Our looking backwards will include all years after the 1986 first 
use of the chamber, except the year 2002 . That year's 
histography projection was mysteriously erased three months 
after the Students for a Demilitarized Society's (50S) riot and 
occupation of Chancellor Milhous' office, when many 

This viru-cell research would have gone on unnoticed 
had it not been for the 1989 REL terrorist hang-glider 
bombing and raid of Salk. The histography chamber 
contains a holographiC image of the translucent 

National Defense papers on the Space Shuttle launching hang-gliders which appear angelic as they 
approach Salk from their Torrey Pines glider port 
launch site where the Campus Crusade for 
Capitalism (CCC) conducted its annual fund 
raising ny-in. The Salk security histography 
scanners recorded the absence of lab 
personnel as the avenging angels drifted 

, 

d 
-

-.-3-

~~~ __ ~L-~~--~~----~--------

- illustration by Tom Plonka 

towa the targer. The first wave of REL terrorists 
unloaded their incendiary bombs, and then ascended 
into the heavens on the hot air currents of the burning 
laboratories. Through the smokey haze, the Hit-her Youth 
branch of the REL (known for their abusive verbal Slone 
throwing at women seeking abortions) could be seen 
collecting genetiC engineering vials. 

Two court cases arose OUt of the REL bombing. Salk 
Institute sued for damages, but the jU<jge ruled in favor of 
the REL, Citing the 1988 Cave Men (three California 
congressmen responsible for the 1985 bill banning 
abortions for minors) v. the Berkeley Birth Clinic ruling by 
the Supreme Coun legahzing non-fatality bombings. 

ParadoXically, the REL lawyers argued in the first case 
that the destroyed viru-cell vials should be defined as non-
human so as to rule the bombings as non-fatal ; yet, in the 
second cOlin case , they insisted the surviving viru-ceUs 
had a right to eternal life , which they concluded could 
only be realized through conception . The CJ37 donor 
protested that the origmal experiment was intended only 
to study blood cells. Creating a clone infringed on the 
basic rights and identity of an individual being. Does not 

Monday, Feb 4, 1985 11 

an individual retain control over every aspect of its being, especially as a victim of the REL's 
raping of the clinic? The donor pleaded to the JUry to abort this trial as a travesty on an 
individual's nght to its own body. The jury seemed to respond to the donor's plea, but the 
donor's fatal motOrcycle collision with a campus parking controller's vehicle swayed their 
sympathy tOward the donor's surviving viru-cell . 

The REL took the donor's death as a holy revelation that the viru-cell 037 should be freed 
from its corrupt scientifiC prison and implanted in a surrogate mother. A Hit-her Youth, 
Mary Josephson, was c hosen , as a reward for her rescuing the viru-cell during the Salk raid 
and her virgm status. Genetic engineering centers and pro-choice clinics offered help 
feanng the REL bio-creationist Raymond Jed might alter the genetic structure of CJ37 or 
endanger the mother Mary using his controversial triangle-loop forceps (nicknamed the 
"coat hanger"). Jed rejected the offer, preferring to conduct the operation as the main 
metaphor of a spontaneous generation illiusionist show, which was held on the chared 
rums of Salk. 

Three months later a zealot faction of the REL, citing the Genetic Orthadox Doctrine's 
(GOD) definition of a "proper birth ," began a campaign condemning Mary's pregnancy as a 
hypocrisy. Since Mary was a minor, and one of the most indoctrinated Hit-her Youth, the 
aborting of her pregnancy to save herself from the growing REL OUtcry was both politicaUy 
and religiously impossible. The REL tOok the ISsue to the Associated Students Church-State 
Council's Wednesday night meeting, asking for an excontinuation of Mary as a UCSD 
student, The subcommittee on GOD recommended three to one for excontinuation. In the 
fervo r of the CS council's overwhelming support of the REL, a voice from the crowd caBed to 
~Release mother Mary from her torment. Let her realize her right to eternal life now!" fleeing 
tntO the-naght, Mary was not seen unul SIX months later when the campus police discovered 
her body at the Salk site , stomach split open , as a ritualistic suicide, sacrifice, or Caesarean 
birth. That is how I began my life at UCSD and I begin this weekly column, Ii:) 



f' 

12 Monday. Feb. 'I. 1985 

//:~\\ ~~( ~) ) 
o 0 (~( ==::J: ~~( ~) ) I D) 

Attention Bannerettes 
and Bannerites 

For posting banners 
Center Building "A," 
regulations apply: 

on the Student 
the following 

l. All banners shall not exceed 5 feet in length. 2. 
Permanent hooks have been place on the railing for use . No 
staples or tape is to be used . 3. All banners must be stamped 
with approval BE FORE being placed on the railing. 4. 
There shall be a three day limit for all banners. 

For more info call x4083 

Groups for WOMEN this Winter '85 
General Supporr Group: Stress & Anxiety Reduction. (4 pm 
Wednesdays, call x2023 for place.) Women-Loving-Women 
Support Group (4:30 pm Mondays at the WRC. ) Feminist Rap 
Session (4 pm Wednesdays at the WRC.) 

Sponsored by the Women's Resource Center (next to the 
food co-op) for YOU! Come byand make some new friends this 
qua rre r. 

Interested in getting involved in the AS? 
Positions are available now, call John 
Trumpler at 452-4450. 

Find out about Tay-Sachs testing 
Tay-Sachs kills! Find out about this inherited birth defect 

and the Tay-Sachs testing program to be held at UCSD. Come to 
a meeting on Thursday, Feb. 7 at 8 pm in the North Conference 
Room. The California Tay-Sachs Disease Prevention Program 
will discuss the disease and the upcoming testing. 

A film everyone must see 
Is every film a "love story"? join us for an eye-opening, critical 

feminist look at pornography in American Society. "Not a Love 
Story," a flim you'll never forget. Tuesday, Feb. 12 at 7 pm in TLH 
107. Sponsored by the Women's Resource Center. 

Student Human Factors 
meeting Thursday, Feb. 7 at 5 pm 
Fifth floor lounge of P&L Bldg. 

Israel Action Committee Meeting 
We are meeting on Monday, Feb. 4 in the Muir Apartment 

Lounge at 5:30 pm. Professor Cooperman wlll be there leading a 
discussion on modem Israeli literaturl For more information 
call MI ah at 587-0942. 

It is a \vays a party 
wit. ,'sie and 'l,ra (>'(cep on . 1l lday<; . 

PI'~ 'keep the 1 i I)'making bet\ 'e • 1 :30-
1 un L --t:30 TUt L)' h rnl gh Frid, >. 

also featuring "Ceddo" 
Friday, Feb. 8 at 7 pm 
Peterson 110. FREE! 

Office Space Available 
Attention Student Organizations: If you are interested in 
obtaining office space for the remainder of the academci 
year, pick up a special application form at the EDNA desk. 
There will be a maximum of three spaces open, so apply 
quickly! All applications are due in at EDNA by 4 pm, 
Friday, Feb. 8. 

Women in Communications 
Do you want to meet profeSSionals? Do you want to make 

connections in TV, Public Relations and Radio? Come and join 
Women in Communications! Look in the next Guardian for 
more details on our Feb. 12 meeting or call janice for more 
information 455-1724. 

Aeronautics and astronautics speaker 
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics 

presents Tom Hancock from jPL who will speak on the Galileo 
Project Qupiter space probe) on Monday, Feb. 4 from 7:30-9:30 
pm in Peterson Hall 110. There will also be an outstanding slide 
show. This must nor be missed! 

Attention Raza Students: 
We need tour guides for MEChA Recruitment Day. High 

school and community college students will be here on 
February 11. If you can help between l2:30-3 please come by 
the office and sign-up . No worry about class con fl icts, you 
probably can take students with you to class. 

Singing Heartgrams by Circle K 
A costumed female pe rformer will si ng, dance, and embara 

yo ur friends. lover,>, roommates, profcssnrs, even the man a l the 
bo kstore . D( liver: to dorm rOOlll place of work, or public 
place anywht n: on C~lmpu,> Im:hcJ lng pwfessors in lccrurr 
Telegrams dl' ll\crcd ou'! hur day, I eh Ii- lor'!;" 10cler\'lld.l1C' 
on what you \\'ant. For tnUll' In I'll 1 t wI' <ltC an order call-t54-
RAVE. 

Get 
a 

tan! 
Relax in the sun while volunteering some spare 

time to sit at the polls for the upcoming referendum 
on February 19-20. It is painless and a great way to 
meet people. Contact Robin Newland in the AS 
Office 452-4450. 

Big Bird Wants You! 
The Sun God Festival Committee needs energetic , 

responsible , enthusiastic, motivated people to help 
plan The Event of UCSD. If this is you, please call 
Susan Lewis orJohn Trumpleratthe AS Office x4450 
Meeting Schedule: All meetings at 6 pm. Feb.7 (Chancelor's 
Complex lilA) Feb. 21 (PH 102) and March 7 
(Chancellor's Complex lilA). 

Communication Club presents: 
An extremely informative presentation by Molly Murray of 

Career Services. The Career Center really does have services for 
the social science major. Fruitful resume tips, too. An important 
meeting for the aware student. Tuesday, Feb. 5 at 11 :30 in North 
Conference Room. 

Thinking about doing an internship? 
Stop by ASIO to get all the information you need to know! We 

offer internships for just about every major in all areas of the 
u.s. Internships are a great way to get work experience! Our 
office is located above the game room in the Student Center and 
our phone number is 452-4689. We're open 9-3 daily. 

Risky Business 
, ' 

Once again RISC presents another fun-filled ski week. This 
spring break, March 23-30, UCSD willjoin UCSB, UCSc, UCR 
and Stanford atJackson Hole, Wyoming. The low price of$287 
gets you five days of lift tickets , deluxe accomodations at the 
Wind River Condominiums, Broomball , a fun race, a wine and 
cheese parry, a Kamikaze . parry, refreshments en route, 
transportation a dance at the Cowboy Bar and the chance to ski 
in one of the most vertical places in the US of A. Tickets on sale 
now at the box office. 

Two weekend trips have been planned for the weekends of 
Feb 15- 18 and March 1-4. The first weekend will be to Squaw 
Valley in Tahoe, and the latter to Mammoth Mtn . Sign up on the 
door of the rec offices at Canyon View or at the meeti ng on Feb. 
6. For more information about these trips & jackson Hole , 
come to our meeting Feb. 6 at 8 pm in the Rec. Conference 
Room and on Feb. 20 at the same place and time . RISC is 
raffling of a free jackson Hole trip, buy your tickets at the 
meeting or on the plaza this week! Our office hours at Canyon 
View are Wed . & Thurs. 10-1 pm.452-4037. Get your friend s 
together and buy now! 

I · 

Monday. Feb. 'I. 1985 13 

ASUCSD needs a Student Welfare 
Commissioner. This voting member of 
council Is responsible for advocating 
student concerns on our campus. 

~lified applicants please apply at 
the AS Offices or call 452-4450. 

0' ' 

MEETINGS: 
Finance Comminee: Mondays at 5:30 pm in the AS 
Offices. 
Rules Committee: Mondays from 3-4 pm in the AS 
Offices. 
Council: Wednesdays at 6 :30 pm in the North 
Conference Room. 
Aqivity Fee Board: Thursdays at 5 pm in the AS 
Offices. 
External Affairs: Fridays at 2 pm in the AS Offices. 
Media Board: Fridays at 3 pm in the Multipurpose 
Room. 
For more infonnation call 452-4450. 

r 

Lowest prices on campus 
General Store Coop 
run by students for students 

Open M-F 8:45-5 pm in the Student 
Open M-F 8:45-5 pm in the Student Center 

r 

Feminist Discussion Group 
Presented by the Women's Resource Center. Come by and 

learn about today's women's issues. Wednesdays at the 
Women's Resource Center from 4-5:30 starting Feb. 6 
"Feminists - Who are We? Why are We Here? Feb. 13 
"Religion 7 Misogyny." Feb. 20 "Women in the Media." 

Che Cafe - The Healthy Way to Eat 
All You Can Eat! Wednesday, Feb. 6 from 5-7 pm for only 

$3.00. Ratatoville & Corn Bread . See our Burger Combos only 
$2.40. Come volunteer two hours weekly for food credit and co-
op discounts as well as a stimulating social atmosphere. 

Attention Student Orgs. 
The deadline for submissions to the Bulletin 
is Wednesday at noon. If you have any 
questions please contact Bob Ames at x4450. 



14 Monday. Feb. 4, 1985 

Women's tennis is ... 

Rarin' to go 

By MATI ADAMS 

I N HER AVE SEASONS as head coach of the UCSD women's tennis team, Liz La Plante has guided the 
Tritons to national prominence. Her 
squads have garnered rwo second and 
one fifth place national finishes in the 
last three seasons. The 1985 team may 
be the strongest yet, as five of last year's 
top SIX players are return mg. Talent, 
depth and experience give UCSD an 
understandably optimistiC attitude about 
the upcoming season. 

The Triton's playa difficult schedule 
this year. Ir. this way, the team Will be 
better prepared for national competi tion . 
There are rwo schools of thought behind 
scheduling. First, you try to schedule as 
many cupcakes as possible so the 
seasonal record looks great. Dr. Tom 
Davis, basketball coach at Stanford, IS 
notorious for doi ng this every year, but 
It does not prepare his teams for their 
Pac-l0 schedule and they consistently 
fi n ish near the bottom of the league. 
The other way to put a schedule 
together IS to play the toughest 
competitlon pOSSible and become bener 
prepared for playoff competition Coach 
La Plante explains her philosophy. ·We 
could eaSily go 20-0 every year by 
playing nothing but weak DIVISions 111 
teams. That would not prepare us for 
the national tournament where we meet 

tough schools outside of this area. By 
playing against tough Division I and II 
schools, we improve and the girls are 
much better prepared for the tough 
Division III schools that we see in 
nationals: The Triton schedule includes 
such strong DiVision I sc hools as USIU, 
CSU Long Beach, Western Michigan 
and UTEP. "We have a very realistlc 
chance of going to Nationals, and I want 
to be as prepared as possible, even if 
our record IS not the best in the nation ." 

A collegiate match features six singles 
matches and three doubles matches, 
each worth one team pomt for a 
pOSSible nine points per match. The top 
six players on the team participate m 
the match play. The Tritons return five 
veterans, including three All-Americans 
for their tough schedule. Here is a qUick 
look at the top Tritons. 

Glenna Moses is currently ranked it 1 
on the Tmon squad. Only a sophomore, 
Glenna hails from Los Angeles and 
compiled an Impressive 17-4 slllgies 
record last year. "I hope I can keep my 
concentration and Intensity up for each 
match thiS season. I think I Will be 
ready for the competitlon In the Singles 
at nationals." Glenna optlml~tlcaUy adds, 
"The nallonal team title IS In the bag." 

The veteran of the Tmon squad IS 

jessica Vernon (left) and Glenna Moses (above) will be two Tritons to watch as the 
women's tennis season gets underway. 

Nadi ne Akimoto. She is vying this 
season for a third consecutive AU-
American selection and is the Triton aU-
time career singles winner with 53 
victories. A San Diego product, Nadine 
is competing in her fourth and final 

- season as a Triton. "This is my last 
season and I would love 10 win national 
titles in both Singles and doubles 
(teamed with jessica Vernon). If I can 
stay healthy, I will push to become # 1 
on the team. But regardless , I want to 
have a good final season." Will you miss 
tennis next season? "I will always be 
playing in tournaments outside of 
school , so I will stay involved in the 
sport." 

Last season jessica Vernon spent time 
as both the team's #1 and #2 player. A 
senior, jessica was also a 1984 AlI-
American selection. Originally from San 
Diego, jessica spent time at UC Davis 
before transferring to UCSD. "I love 
being a member of this team. I am 
co nfident that we can get 10 the 
nationals, and win. Personally, I would 
like to become more consistent with my 
Singles play so I can be more 
competitive. I think we (teamed with 
Nadine) can win the national doubles 
title ." 

The third returning All-American is 
Lisa Gilbert, who is completing her last 
year of competition as a Triton. She 
hails from Los Angeles and last year 
posted a 19-9 mark (a record number of 
wins in a single season for a Triton). In 
just rwo years Lisa has compiled an 
impressive 34 viclOries for the Tritons. 

Returning for her second year of 
competition as a Triton is junior Melly 
Sani. Melly grew up in Pacifi c Grove and 
first attended Monterey Peninsula 
College before transferring to UCSD. At 
5'3", Melly is the smallest Triton . LaSt 
season she went 10-9 in regular season 
action. "I would like to play with 
confidence throughout the season. 
Hopefully I can peak at the righ t time, 
nationals. Nationals are a ways away so 1 
don 't want to risk bad luck and talk 
about them, but I think we have the 
depth this yea r to do what we couldn 't 
last year-wi n it all ." 

Freshman Maude Morns has been a 
very pleasant surprise for the Tritons. 
She has earned the only open position 
on the Tmon [cam. A freshman, Maude 
IS fr m San FranCISCo and has a very 
prOlnlstng career Jhead of her at UCSD. 

Also contributing to the Tmons IS 
vete r,lIl Brlgld Rea. Brigld is ongllla lly 

from Redlands and is in her junior year 
at UCSD. In the past two seasons, Brigid 
has won 33 matches, last year going 18-
7. 

Freshman Kelly Smith (a relative of 
the great Stan Smith), Karen Dodds and 
Deborah De Paoli, sophomore joan 
Belzer and junior Margaret Merickel 
round out the Triton roster. They 
provide the depth and future that makes 
for an optimistiC outlook for the 
program. 

The women's tennis team is one of 
the few teams on campus that receives 
substantial financial support from 
concerns outside the UCSD community. 
Coach La Plante explained , "Because we 
are consistently ranked among the tOP 
five nationaUy, and I belong to the 
Intercollegiate Tennis Coaches 
Association, Head provides our top six 
girls with $180 racquets. Adidas also 
provides us apparel at cost and free 
shoes. A fund raiser ne tted about $400, 
but the girls still had to pitch in their 
own money for sweats and uniforms." 

What about the facili ties here at 
UCSD? Are they adequate for the 
program? Coach La Plante responded, 
"We have inadequacies in several areas. 
First, and maybe most immediate, are 
the lights. Many of or matches last past 
sunset, and the lights on the Muir courts 
(where all home matches are played) are 
very poor. Second, the courts will 
probably need resurfacing soon, next 
year at the latest. Lastly, we simply don't 
have enough courts. Often at practice we 
have to share the Muir Courts with the 
men's team. That means we have only 
three COUrtS for 12 girls to play on. We 

-. CQuid never host the nationals here, 
either. The NCAA requires that to host 
you must have 12 coures on one site. 
We don't come close to that. It would be 
nice to have a center court with 
facilities for spectators also." 

The next Triton home matches are 
thi s Friday and Saturday at 2 and 10:30 
am respective ly. Coach La Plante 
continues, "We have done very well at a 
national level. but we stlll get little 
student interest. I understand that 
tennis is not as attractive for a specta tor 
as, say, volleyball , but if students take a 
Ilttle time, they can come OUt and see 
some very good tennis .md support 
thei r sc hool. I'm very OptllTiistic. I think 
we will be very good this year and will 
provide spectators wi th some excellent 
tennis." lID 

UCSD basketball 
is losing air pressure 

By MATI lAIT 

I F THERE WILL EVER BE a game to watch the UCSD Tritons play, it will be their rematch against the 
Southern Calitornia College Vangards. 
"We can take solace in one thing, and 
that is we get to play them again, at 
home," said coach Tom Marshall after a 
78-69 defeat against the Vanguards last 
Friday night in Costa Mesa. The game 
was a hard-fought ba[[le in which 
emotions ran high. 

From the start of the game, the 

Tritons were never able to get on track. 
UCSD was immediately taken out of the 
game by the hustle of the Vanguards, 
who took a 10-2 lead. Matters weren't 
helped by quick whistles from the 
officials, as the Tritons were in early foul 
trouble. 

After only three short minutes of play, 
UCSD center Mike Dabasinskas was 
tagged for his third personal foul. Dabo, 
dismayed with the closeness with which 
the referees were caUing the game, let 
his opinion be known and was given a 
technical foul and a rest on the bench. 

The Tritons pulled within one, only to 
let the gap slide back to 12, 32-20. The 
Vanguards' defense caused 12 turnovers 
in the first half alone. UCSD went into 
the locker room at the half trailing 40-
32, with four starters bearing the scars 
of three personal fouls . 

The second half was a replay of the 
first , with the Tritons behind the whole 
time. UCSD forward Mark Barreca 
promptly fouled out of the game. 
Marshall, like Dabasinskas in the first 
half, told the referee what he thought of 
the call and was slapped with a 
technical , giving the Vanguards their 
biggest lead of the night, 62-47. 

Were it not for the incredible play of 
Triton guards Brandon Nixon and Greg 
Kamansky, the game might have been a 
complete blowout. Nixon had a game 
high of 25, shooting 12 for 18 from the 
field , with Kamansky chipping in with 
12 points. 

The Tritons cut the lead to four 
several times but were unable to 
capitalize on the opportunities. The 
Vanguards played with impressive ' 
intensity throughout the game, and were 
thus were able to take full advantage of 
UCSD's untimely mistakes. 

"The officials called a tight game, 
which can hurt us because we have a lot 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 16 >' 

NG 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEW 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20 
At Applied Technology, our warnings have always made 
a big difference in people's lives. In fact, we're the 
world's leading producer of radar warning systems, sup-
plying the United States Navy and Air Force with critical 
electronics products. 

If you're about to graduate with a technical degree , this 
advance notice of our on-campus interview could make 
a big difference in your life. We're continually looking 
for engineers and scientists in the areas of systems 
research, digital and analog engineering development, 
VLSI design, signal processing, manufacturing and field 
support. 

We'll be discussing the many benefits of a career with 
Applied Technology, from state-of-the-art technology to 
a full 12 days vacation per year. Find out more by 
arranging an interview through the Career Center . If you 
are unable to attend our interview, please send your 
resume to: Applied Technology, College Relations, 785 
North Mary Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94086. An 
equal opportunity employer, U.S. citizenship is 
required, 

rn Applied Technology 
Lotton 

Monday, Ftb. 4, 1985 

l,lCSD's .baseball team ~ go~g to go for the gusto tomorrow in its home opener 
agamsl Poml Loma. The nme IS 2 pm, the place is Olsen Field. Be there. 

DAY DATE OPPONENT/ EVENT lOCATION TIME 
Saturday February 2 UCSD Alumni Hamel I:OOp 
Tuesday February 5 Pt. Loma Nazarene College Home 2:00p 
Thursday February 7 Pt. Lorna Nazarene College. Pt. Lorna 2:00p 
Saturday February 9 UC Riverside2 Riverside 12:00p 
Tuesday February 12 Univ. of Redlands Home 12:00p 
Wednesday February 13 Southern California College Costa Mesa 2:JOp 
Friday February l5 Occidental College Home 2:00p 
Saturday February 16 Univ. of La Verne2 Home 12:00p 
Monday February l8 UC Irvine Irvine 2:00p 
Tuesday February 19 Univ. of San Diego Home 2:30p 
Wednesday February 20 US lnternatinal Univ. Home 2:30p 
Saturday February 23 Westmont2 Santa Barbara 12:00p 
Tuesday Februaty 26 San Diego St. Univ. Home 2:30p 
Thursday February 28 Southern Utah St. Home 2:30p 
Saturday March 2 UC Riverside2 Home 12:00p 
Tuesday March 5 Univ. of San Diego USD 2:30p 
Thursday March 7 San Diego St. Univ. SDSU 5:00p 
Saturday March 9 Occidental College2 Los Angeles 12:00p 
Tuesday March . 12 Biola Univ.2 La Mirada 12:00p 
Wednesday March 13 Southern California College Home DOp 
Saturday March 16 Western New Mexico St. Univ. Home 12:00p 
Sunday March 17 Eastern Connecticut St. Univ. Home 3:30p 
Wednesday March 27 Univ. of Redlands Redlands 12:00p 
Friday March 29 St. Mary's College Moraga 2:30p 
SatiJrda~ March 30 CSU Stanislaus2 Turlock 12:00p 
IAIl home games at Olsen Field. 2Double-headcr. 

r·--------- .. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FREE GLOVES 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 

Bring in this ad for a free pair of leather-faced work gloves 
($3.00 reta il value) when you join our Renta l Club (no 
rnembers hip fee). Rental Club card entitles you to 10% 
discounts on all rentals at your U-Haul Center. Find us in 
the white pages . 

SPECIAL OFFER TO IIRROOUCE YOU TO .IT I ' SAVP EQUIPMENT 

Mon /brPIHOMf 
at your U+tAUL Center 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

.. 

AP2 . 

----------



I 

Hoop 
< CONTINUED fROM PAGE 15( 
of players who use their hands on 
defense: remarked Nixon . referring to 
the fact that the Tritons were called for 
25 personal fo uls, compared to the 
Vanguards' 15 . 

"We just weren't cohesive tonight. 
The Vanguards played well and we 
couldn't get it together." commented 
Marshall after the game. ''I'm glad we 
have another chance to play them later 
at the end of the season ." 

Meanwhile. the Tritons go back on 
the road to play in Santa Barbara before 
headi ng home. where they hope the 
students wi ll root them to victory aga ins t 
Fresno Pacific on Saturday n ight . ~ 

.JI1:owJH& 
:IN 
~JJE 
"~JND 

The UCSD Sailing Team is young and 
eager to establish itself as a West Coast 
collegiate power. Competing in the 
Paci fic Coast Intercollegiate Yacht 
Racing Association (PCIYRA). the Triton 
windjammers must cast their fa te to the 
winds aga inst suc h teams as UC Irvine. 

Californian. 

Precision sigle CIIU (Dr u>omen $IJ (reg. $18) 
Prccision sigle cub (Dr _n $10 (reg. $15) 

DirecUoMI ~mu $25 (reg. $40) SeIl'pCllred MI/5 (full set) $18 (reg. $40) 
l'fiJn 'cure II' Ped'cure $15 (reg. $28) Cel/ophMIe $15 (reg. $25) 

One lIollr faclill now $28 (reg. $J5) 
On e lIour nliJ.SNgc now $25 (reg. $l5) 

Specialists In blilck hair 
A full service salon 

7608 linda Vista Rd. (f'1e.sa College Dr. It 163) 268-8865 
New A/on (formerl!l ta JolI~ Cutting Co.) 7J7 Pe~rl St ,ta Jolla 

456· 1170 456·1815 

SpeclRls good with ad with selected st!llists througll 2118185 

gobt~~~v~ 
'- "~\,, '" \\1 J" l t INCLUDES: 

\ ~'" ~ /--; Contact lenses, ~ $ t~ ~ examination. patient 
~ ~ tralntng. follow up, > ~ chemical care kit 
<: th student I D ... and fitting. ~ WI ,,~ 
-- ~ -\. '" EXTEN OED WEAR 
'//1/1 ~ l~ ~ LENSES ONLY $265 .00 

THE ClASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER. 0 .0 . 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0 .0 . 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

USC. Cal Poly Sun Luis Obispo. 
St<mford. Cal Berkeley. UCSB and more. 
So far this season . they have been 
getting stronger as the season grows 
longer. 

On November ) ·4. the team 
competed in the Stanford Invitational 
Regatta against Cal. UC Santa Cruz . 
UCI. Sonoma State. San Luis Obispo. 
Stanford. UCSB and San Francisco State. 

.The Tritons placed 13th Out of 29 
Flying Junior boats. 

In the Nonh / South Regatta held on 
Lake Lopez is San Luis Obispo on 
November 10·11. the team placed 11th 
overall OUt of 1) teams with Triton 
freshman standout skipper. Ron 
Rosenberg. and crew Ken Redler placing 
founh in the "B" division. 

That brought the Tritons to the 
prestigious Sugar Bowl Regatta . held in 
New Orleans on December 29-31. The 
UCSD sailors mixed with eight other 

U~l)oll(}ld~ 
&!lOIJ. 

teams. four of which were r.mked in the 
tOP ten nationally. and brought home a 
seventh place finish and lots of 
experience. 

With the fall regatta under their belts. 
the team faced the new year at the 
always-tough Hangover Bowl National 
Regatta held January 4 -5 in Long Beach . 
and rang in the new year in 
championship form. The Tritons 
outsailed #1 ranked Washington en 
route to a third place finish OUl of 
fifteen schools. Rosenberg and Redler 
took a second place finish in Division A 
With Randy Reid and Lorenzo Picelli 
finishing ninth for UCSD. 

As the season progresses. so do the 
Tritons. who look to be one of the 
strong comenders for the league title. 
Imponam regattas to look for are the 
Southern Series #1 and #2 February 2-3 
in Newpon and the Douglas Cup held 
February 20-23 in Long Beach. Il:l 

~ 
;: ~ Z t 

" .: 

~hr'""" IIU L\ \ 1\\.'~'\. 1" 
I 

('{\ 
La Jolla Village Square 

452-7374 
fashion Valley Center 

295-0537 7140 MIRAMAR RD., SAN DIEGO ONLYI 

Third and Final Phase 
THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA 

1.£ 1 /o llu SI'U /}(I'I '~I'<'; (/wl 1: (IfUI}('11II Jil ' in(J 
('( 1ft ' <';<'; ! fO U ( 1/ 1/ It · 1 ' 11 )('", 01 L< I lol/u, PI x ) / . ..,. SI x I.~. 
."'(/ UIIU.., (//) d r(/(,(/«((' I /)(II/ ((l urt (' /HI ' r/UlIl ( j () [I 
/ ; /lC /)( 1/1111 11 ) 11t// I U/) l/(/fe/ I'IlS <';('U /p I Uf('S . 
/()(III/Ull h (11)(1 (,(lUrt(IOrd ... rdux (j I HI /: uro JlI '(//1 
( II/ JIIII ' l nl III I( / I )(/I('f (11 '1 I )rwnr 1( '( 1/( /11'0.; II 'l ' IU Jl1 W 
IjOl1 IOlf' H If Uill '(1 1 /11 '0 1 l('</r()()IlI / IU/lW \ ' /<;/1, H I( 
.... olt · ... ( ( 'Il/( 'r IIX/WI 

Prit ( . ... & I( · flll ... 
." Jl l l, '( I 10 ( 1101111./<' .... 

\\ Ilhlllll IlIlIl( ( '. 

r!]~:!~TY 

111'----- 22nd Year ---.......... 
GUADALAJARA SUMMER 

PROGRAM 
Vnirer.it, of San Diego 

June 28-August 2,1985 
Courses fu II y accrcJ ited by Western 

Association of Schools and Coll"lles 
(WASC). pan ish language at all levels. 
Bi-lingual and pedal Edu ation. Art. 
Fo lk Dance , Li terature. Folklore. 
History. Soaology. GUita r. Po litical 
Science. Psychology . C ross-Cultural 

tud ies. TUlli O" : $ 4 30 fo r 8 
u ndergraduate uedlts. $470 fo r 8 
wraduatc credits. Room and bo.,rd With a 
MeX ican Host Family: $450. Ap" rtment 
and Hotd rateS (rom $300 per month. 

UIH Yt.'r ~ 1ty of Sail D 1tlto also has I.l new 
program t0r an M.A. 111 Spanish. 
StuJe",s may earn credit towa rd tn., 
de~ rcc by a ttcnJon~ th,' UUJJal"IJr .. 
Summl!r Prl)~ram . 

Info rmallon ; Pro!. n.l. OJJo. 
Un iversity or ' an Dlc~o. Akala P'lrk . S.II) 
,--Dlc~u . A 9Zl 10, _______ .IIj 

. .... 11 . 

GET THE EDGE 
ON THE COMPETITON 

Air Force ROTC can help you 
stand out from the crowd. Our 
training program gives men and 
women an equal opportunity for 
success. You can have a 
responsible position right away. 
Why settle for anything less? 

ROTC 
Gateway to 0 great way of life, 

IF YOU'RE INTO PIZZA, BEER AND BIG MACS 
YOU'RE PROBABLY OUT OF SHAPE 

If this is your lilestyte. you're more 
than likely carrying around the 
"FRESHMAN 10." 
10 extra pounds of faU 
... and no body wants thaI. 
So you're begoolllng 10 look Ioke a ham· 

Dur~rl Now " ~ tilT1/! to start your ph~. 
kal forness program at Jack !.alann<·s And 
wo '"" made It <tat easy on your Dud~~ 

SPECIAL STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 

for one full year ...... bershlp. 
Regular exerciSl' and good ~t hetps you lOS/' weight 
and feel good, Nautilus in many locatIOns. ~robics to 
muSIC. free weights. swimming pools, steam. whirlpools 
and saunas. dr~sJng rooms WlIIl prrvat~ lock~rs. and 
cosmetic makaJp consultation ar~ just some of t~ 
am"notics availabl~ to you at Jack LaLannc·s. 

So Join todq. 
$ft. for _ full ,..r. 

TINIt'l66% off the ,.., .... 
price I Mus! be 18 Of older 

OUIfA""AHfl~ {IAIIlt .... " ..... • HN[I'-'f\f(O ... ,I\iAHfAtfH 
-".N('II'A( fH11 T f 11111\,.,,') ..... '1.\' IJI/f IIAC (lilt THAll' 

.a.u VIIIII-....ul 
l-" Jfd~ 
·C..-..--,,....,. 

~ Cl.'IftmanC DrM 
· .. £If!M-I .... ,. 

IJl8ro.oaw,.. 
.~ ~::r~-",.'UI 
·""",_ JW·ftB 

1100 UI'Io¥\"f)lly 
~ prkft ", .. all. 
/\MIllICAN HEAlTH 

& FITlIESS SPAS. 

-----------------------------------------------------

ALL OUT THIS COUPON TODAY. 
TJ\I(IJT TO THE SI'A OF YOIIII CHOICE. ( 
Nclmt ~ 

C,fy 

SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Makt' chfoclu payabtlt to Jack lotllM~ 'S 

Enclo~d hod ( hfoc: k/~ ordrr 'Of. 
'ft. for _ full y •• r. 

For SJlO'M infofmation, contaCt W spa nearest you. Fa furthft' information C_ 213/861'()7~. In San Diego call619f276·9233 . 

Monday. Feb. 'I. 1985 17 

To publici~ our new location (The Recreation/ Athletic 
Offices west of the Canyonview Pool on Warren Campus) 
and our new expanded inventory of outdoor rental 
equipment, 

The Outdoor Recreation Program 
announces .. , 

FREE REPAIR SERVICE 
Bring us your tired day packs, your worn backpacks and 
your torn tents: Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and 
Friday, 9-11:30am, and we will try to bring new life to your 
failing equipment. You must pay for or bring in any 
expensive replacement parts {that's only fair}, 
While you are here, you should ask about our cross-country 
ski trips, "Spring Fling" and check out our skis, tents, packs 
and the rest of our rental gear, 

Conyorwlew Administrative Offices 
Deportment of Ptwsical Education 

Call Chuck Gormley x 4064 for more information: 

RADICALLY INCLINED 
SKI CLUB OF UCSD 

IESON 
I.E-

MARCH 23-30 

LODGING: 

PRICE: 
IESEIVAnONS: 

FOR YORE DIIO: 

$287 

5 nights accomodatlons in the Windrtver & 
T1mberr1dge condos in Teton VWage at the 
baSe of Jackson Hole. Each condo features 
full kitchen. stereo. TV (some cable). 
Ae1reshments en route! Broomball. Jackson 
Hole apr_ sid party. wine • eheese party. 
Fun Race. Nastar Raee. dance. free shuttles to 
Jackson in the even1ngslll 
Bus: $287 Air: Ground: 
Tickets go on sale at the UEO Box ot11ee on 
February 4. Space 11 Umltedll Tickets are sold 
on a UIIt com.UIIt serl*1 bas1s. 
can the Ski Club at OCR-453...oo7. or come 
to the Ski Club meeting februar( 6 at 8pm in 
the Rae. Conference Room. 

Deportment of Physical Education 



, 

, , 

18 Monday. Feb. 4. 1985 
~ .~ ,-'.,' '~".""" :x ... .,. ... ~". ,_ " .. " '., ~«..;"'.;.; • M ."., '~'>', ••• ,'" .. , " • - • 

Organizational Meetings 
- Do yoo want to meet pro~sslonals 1 Do yoo 

want to make connections in TV; radio; PUblic 
Relatlons7 Come and join Wal1'en in 
COmmJl1Ications. lDok in the next Guaffllan for 
more details on ~b. 12 meeting or c.al/':Janlce at 
4 55-1724 for more Info. 
MONDAY 
, ZIOO pm - Renv, a student organlzatlQt1. 
addresSing the academIC and SOCial neecIs and 
desires of students who have returned [0 sctool 
following an absenceof five or more years is having 
a meeting Monday, Feb. 4 at noon at ~ Muir 
PrOVOSt Conference Room. H&SS 214& 
5:00 pm - Recycling Coop Meeting and dinnt'l". 
Join usl We need neoN members . .... t the Che Ca~. 

5,~ pm - Israel Aalon Comll1lnee meeting. 
Professor Cooperman will lead a disOJsslon on 
modem Israeli literature. For more info c.aU Micah 
at 587·0942. In the Muir Apartment Lounge. 
TUESDAY 
, ,,10 am - Communication Club Presmts: 
Molly Murray from the Career SeivlCes Center will 
be pro.riding information on programs and 
resumes for the aware social sdence major. In the 
North Conference Room. 
- To inform students regarding registration fees : 

Rnd out ~w your registratIOn fees are being used 
and what yoo can do about It. Informative meeting 
this Wed, Feb. 6, in the MUIr Apartment Lounge at 
1:00 pm. 
FRIDAY 

~OO pm - Coop RepresentatIVes. Come to the 
C& E meetlngl We need to plan appreoatlOn week 
nowll At the Pub. 
5rOO-61JO pm - NatIOnal Soci~ of Black 
Engineers organizational and general information 
meeting. All future engineers invited. Comt! share 
your ideas. In the Student Center, North 
Conference Room. 

Recreation 
MONDAY & WEDNESDAY 
4:45-5145 pm - An aerobics/calistheniCS class 
for men and women. A total body workout. To~, 
strengthens, stretches, aids In weight reduction. 
refreshes mind and oody and relieves tensIOn and 
fatigue. At the VA Hospital. SI5.00 per. 

MONDAY 
6:00 pm - Sailing Club Meeting and Slide 910w 
of past actMtles. NeoN members welcome. In P&L 
1111. 

7:00 pm - Badminton Team Meeting for 
~l)Ione interested in playing competitIVe 
badminton. Travel to other countries, see the 
world, gain experience, lots of fun. Everyone 
w elcome to drop by. In the Rec. Conference Room. 
IlOO pm - Racquetball Club meets to bring 
racquetball players together. If you feel lUke playing 
drop by. All levels of skill welc:omt!. At Canyonvi_. 

1\MSOAY 
7100 pm - Outing Club meets to share outdoor 
experiences, soda/iz~ and organize trips. If you 
like to cross-country s/(l, backpack. rock dlmb, or 
even bird watch. Stop by to meet others woo share 
your interest. In the Rec. Conference Room. 
WEDNISDAY 
6100-10100 pm - Calligrap~ IX/orkshop : Make 
your letters and cards beautiful and special. 
Eletner1tary dass for ncJIIIce: learn the tools, terms, 
and use of broad nib pen. Sign up at OCR. Sb.OO. 
.rOO pIlI - Ski Club Meeting for all snow ski 
entros/asts. Sign-ups for Squaw Vall~ trip r:Ner 
President's \l\leekend along w ith information for 
upcoming Jackson Hole and Mammoth trips. In 
the Rec. Conference Room. 

THURSDAY 
51»6110 pm - Language Tables: COmt! and 
converse In French, German or SpaniSh r:Ner 
dinner. All interested foretgn lang;age students 
are most welcome-meal cards or cash baSIS. 
Native speakers can hit.lemeals paldfor-<alI455-
0157 for informatIOn. In the SOuth Dining Hall of 
the R~1e Cafeteria. 

laJO pm - Tang 500 Doc Club has its nrst 
meeting tonight. Drop by to see what it's all about. 
EIieryone interested in the art of Tang Soo Doc is 
welcome. In the W~t Balco~ of the Main Gym. 

PIII~Y 
4tJO pm -" real TG (Thank God). A N~Wave 
rock concert with " Youth Cholf." A t ~ Hump. 

S'\nRaAY 
7/00 _ - Cross-Country Ski Day Trip: M t. San 
Jadnto via Palm Springs Mial Tramway . Cost 
Indudes trcruportation, tramway t icket, skis, 
poles, boots, and an optional basic lesson. For 
beginners as \M!Il as e)(penenced. Si!1l up at OCR: 
Canyonvlew. S30.00. 
1:00 pm - UCSD Rugby Team plays ~st to the 
USC Trojans. Stop by and watch this unique sport 
and a Triton team on the 1TlO\Ie. A t the MUir Fleid. 

6"'100 pm - Valentine's 80)( Dinner-Fund 
Raiser. AuctIOn off boxes which have dinners In 
them. Eat d inner With who oought your 00)(. In the 
Rec. Room. 
SUN~Y 
9100-2,00 pm - \Xhlale Watching. \I1ew 
California gray whales up clOse as they migrate 
along our coast to Baja. S7.00. 

... - .... - ........ -.... 

.. • lU Iu,m~ ~n 10"'" lh..... ~ I ') ,y. I(.'ro 
qL fl' , ~r.; 101 ....,1 JW\. r6J '(Xi} . ~Z~V1!I(1]O IlniOIl-no 06 II zlrtT -qU01L) Ilnilsznuo) 

"-"'" " ~I~ubr, ' Q"-'Of1U 101 qUOl l"1OCJ4uz ILIl~~nQ) 

lectures 
TUUDAY 
JIOO-IIOO pm - Info se55IOn on opportunities 
for sll4'/work/Ua/el in latin lIrnerica. Programs 
will cover st~ opportunities ttTou!fl the 
Education J\broiId Progr<m in Mexico. ~u, and 
Brazil: other sll4' programs including II1tensilie 
language study: ~ INQ(k programs. In the 
International Center Lounge. 
PlllDAY 
, IOO-JrOO "'" - Info session on stu~ programs 
offered by Higher EOOc:ation n Europe (HE E): 
Representative L)'Il Griffiths will be arailClble to 
discuss programs in Bath (England), IDndI:ln, and 
Dundee (Scotland). In the International Center 
LDunge. 

Reiigious Functions 
MONDAY-I'III~Y 
1100 .... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by t he 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Chapel o f the 
LhlVersity wtheran Church. 
MONDAY 
7,»,,00 pm - Aslan·NnerIc:an ChrIStian 
Fellowship (,'IACF)-TOl'llght. Victor w ill tell us 
what Jesus had to say about Solitude (Silence). 

~ ~ rtllW ub IJ(JV I'lli) l&r1IXi - '"CI 1f'1 r -4»0, r 
rtl.w m~Il'(llln.'I6-,J..".q,o 'In 'q Ii)~ ~ .~lun,", 

~ase join us as we'sing praises and worship the 
Lord..Jesus Christ. creator of all things. In the Muir 
Apartment Lounge. 
TUUDAY 
7dO .... - Thank God It's Tues~ Night 
presents a disrussion on "The East and US: Eastern 
MysticISm and Mystical Cat~lics." Come and 
explore the richnesS we share with the East. 
SponsoI'ed by the CathoHc srudent Coordinators. 
In the Catholic Lounge of the Lhiversity wtheran 
crurct1. 

~Y 
.' ........ - Student supper open to all, hosted by 

It1e Lutheran students. In the Lounge of the 
Lhiversil¥ I.uttleran Church, just west of Revelle 
College. 
7100 & ........ - Bible ~ sponsored ~ the 
wtheron. EveI)'one welcome. In the Lounge of 
the UWmity Lutheran Church. 
7 .... ..,. pm - Inter-Varsitv Christian 
Fellowship. meets every Wectlesday night in the 
ChancelIor's Comp/eoIlilA This week 's meeting 
will be II time of worship with an emphasis on 
prayrr. EII'eI)IOOe Is welcome to comel 
7110 pili - For Christia-ls: .... series of weeklY 
seminars " Aruwering Ouestions about 
Ovistia-lity." TiIU!fIt by Bob Siegel of Sojourners 
Chrlstia-l Fellowship. In the Student Center 
Building B, North Conference Room. 
7dO .... - BIDIe sr~: .... time to diSCOYer the 
meaning of Gods WOrd in our daily lives. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Coordinators. 
In the catholic Lounge of the Lhiversity Lutheran 
Church. 
1 orOO pili - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic: Community at UCSO. In the Chapel of the 
Lhiversity Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
........ pm - Lhited Campus MiniStly 
sponsors a BiOle StucIy and PIzza s~. Topic: 
Finding "rtlurse/f in the Parables of Jesus. Will meet 
at: The Si.nhouse-1..1 Jolla Presbyterian Church. 
UCM is ~ campus mlnisay of the PresbyterIan, 
Methodist. UCC and Disdples of Ctv"ist students. 
"" ~ \M!Irome. 
..... pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good food and 
great COfll)iWlY. The dinner ~II be followed by 
"Ask the Priest Night" l Father Fra-lkwill answer a/l 
the questions }OU h.We beer! putting in the 
question box. Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. In the Lhiversity Lutheran Church. 
Donation S2.00. 
SATUmAY 
.100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic: Community at UCSO. In the Chapel of the 
Uliversity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
1100. 911 ••• I hOO _ ....: Episropal ~hurch 
V(.t)rshp Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 

~I/OWShip. In the Good Samaritan Eplsropal 
Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. J\cross from Genesee 
from east end ot campus, north ot 1..1 ..tl//a VIllage 
Dr. intersection of Genesee. 
... _ - Catholic: Mass. Sponsored by the 

C~11c Community at UCSO. In theC~1 of the 
UllliMity Lutheran Church. 
10r00 _ - Lutheran V(.t)rship Service, open to 
M!I}'OOe. In the Chapel of the Lhlvl!rs/ty Lutheran 
Church. 
I .... _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic COllYTlUnity at UCSD. Lower ~I 
Conference Room of the srudent Center Building 
B. 
11.1._ - "" Mission to~, Mind and Soul In 
Mexico," presented by Pastor Harold DI!ye of 
Luthera-l Border Concerns Ministry. In the LDunge 
of the Ullvl!rsity Lutheran Church. 
IlOO pm - Catholic: Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSO. In rheChapeI of the 
U1iversity wtheran Church. 
7100 .... - Lutheran WOrshiP Service, open to 
everyone. In the Chapel of the lk1illerslty Lutheran 
Church. 
•• ,. pili - Eplsmpal Church V(.t)rShlp Service: 
Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan EpiScopal 
Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

~ .. , .. . 

~l luq q~ I1(U ~qliJV""M no 11~ZlUO'( Ill1llG-,rj 
. llll~.z 1i0IW~ I"1~1 ~ I no 1"IJ\JOJ Ilnulzill ., 

Academic Services 
MONDAY .... ~Y 
............ - IdentifyWlg 'ltlUr caner. 
D!termine the right OCOJJ*lonaI choices for you 
and diSCOYer how }OU lit Into the world ot work in 
this colTllf'~ aII-day workshop. Pre-re9Ster 
at career Services Center by Fftlruary I. In H-L 
1058. 
'I»Z,IO pili - SIGI. S¥stem of Interactive 
GuIdance and Information is a COll1)Uter-based 
program of cateer information des/g1ed to help 
~u clarify )OUr values and occupational interests. 
For more Inlbrmation, come to career Services 
Center, n HL rm. 1058. 
.»4100 pili - ~S Writing Center ofl'!rs 
free service for all UCSO students wno need pre-
writing ~, conference on drafts, a-ld editing 
acMce. We engage! ~ Idnd ot writing. and ~ 
kind of writing problem. Conferences are by 
appointment only. E-*1g appointments are now 
also illlililable in OMIS 1l*d Place at lhird College. 
(For the AJII rar1Qe at seIIIices ~ bade: of Fill 
ScheaJIe.) Call 452-2284 or rome by USB 4010 to 
make a-l iIPJlO4ntment. This seMce is iMIllabIe 
ttv"oug,out the quarter. 
••• 0-4100 ,.. - MId-Term Prep ML 
CotlltititeeS-Do}OU ~ contldenr about)OOf 
micHenn1 Can you ~ a strong iIr\S\M!I' to esYt 
(JJeStlons? 00 }OU Icnow how to SCDte high on 

rru~1e choice and true or tatwquestlons100~ 
budgc!t your test time? If you ans~ ''No to 
~ of these questions, sdII!cl.Ile a Ml Conference 
and /earn how to do your best on _ . 
Sponsored by the CWIS IINdIng n:t SII.q. Skills 
Center. In 4010 l/S8. 
•• ...... -P","CollfetiteeS-oan'tspend 
men tlnR ~ ttWI necessaryI ScheG.IIe a 
Dne-1I>OI'Ie PAl(penonII asIstIrn b IUmi1g) 
CXlIlaea::e to saWI"'!! yout ~ nw 
CXlIltie teeS wII dNI wICh.)'OUi' courw IIIIbNIs 
concerns including rHdIng ~. 
II'IIfIIOI)' anroI. IedI.ft I iOCI!tiIIdi "" n:t test 
prepntIon. as __ as how to lIWI9yout time, 
hnII! stress. CXlI lIB Ib ... ~, ~ CMiWill! 
pIOCJ'aII/NtIon !pOI1IOIed IlV trw CWIS IINdIng 
n:t ~ SIdIIs CenIIer, 
'III ........ -~ Moles Hodi!! A 

l'rerequlsIte: IntenIiewing Sklls IXAJrlat-op. Call 
CarHr SeMces Center M 45~3750 ID make iIrl 

~lnHlI058. 
1 .... 110 pm - Interested in the Health 
Professions 7 Mvising appointments available for 
career plann4ng and pre-profmlonal school 
preparMIon. Call career seMc:es Center at 452-
4939 in ~ance for an appointment. bUt no earlier 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
.rOO "'" -Interviewing Skills Worbhop. 00}OU 
need help in preparing lor job interviews. career 
SeMa!s Center will provide t4lS on the best w¥ 
to pr-esent }OUr qualiftc.atlons and what kind of 
interview questions to expect. In the Re\lelle 
Formal Lounge. 
..... '0100 .... - L..Y.T Prep Course-This free 
course is designed to tanillarlze students with the 
L..Y. T. Srore your best on trw L..Y. TI EiICh session 
will combine Instruction. disrusslons, practice tests 
and test-taking strategies for the Reading 
Corrl)re/'1ensJon. AniIIytIcaI Re.sonfng. Evaluation 
of Faas. and Logical Reasoning sectlons of the 
L..Y. T. In addtIon, you'" take a d/agnostlc test that 
will /ndIQte just where you should IbaJs yo.x 
stucIes c1Ir1ng trw the weeks before the _ . 
Make your pre-test review et'IIdent iIrld ~ 
wtth trw L..Y.T Prep roursel SponIored ~ the 
CWIS II9ctng and ~ Skills Center. In USB 
3050'\. 
.....aAY 
,.10 •• - On-Campus Interviewing 
0rlenr.MI0n. If you are" lteIested In ~ In 
the career ServIces Center's on-carnpus 
InI!lVk!lMng progrom this ~, It is manditory 
that )IOU MtB1d one at these 01 Ie UIb IS III!be 
you ."Mw. RI!IIeIk! FonnIif Lcuige. 
1 .... _ - 'ItIur SldIs-'ft)urCarHr. ThIs CMrfr 
Ser\.Ikes \MIrtcsfIop .. you ~ n:t 
dculIIe yo.x sIdIls and rNre !hem ID par1Ic:u_ 
c.ners. In !he IIeweIle FonnII 1Dungr. 
I .... ' .... ,. - TedtIooIc ANdIng b 
ReaII-HIMI ~ times should you rail • 
cNpIiIr? Ora::eIThIs warIcshop staws you how to 
..... eIIIclInt¥ ~ triIr1SlI!r tBIouI hoI.n no 
proc1IaM Jarring sessIons.lIrIng)ICU te' ~ oks 
n:t Jearn how to ~ IeImIng ~ 

tectnques ID your courses. Sponsored IlV the 
O'\SIS ReadIng and StuOj Skills Center. In 'fcHB, 
244. 
I MO-IZ141 "'" - \MIat can }OU do wilt! 45 
minJtes? Get a piece of The I..earTWig ~ wilt! 
a-l OMIS TECH(niquel TAU<. InaNse yo.x 
CDnpehenslon and /earring power with Concept 
Trees. Presented by the Q#,$/S ReadfnO and SII.q. 
SkIlls Center. To sign up, call 452-2184. In USB 
4010. 
Il1O .... ,. - Interested n Meddne or 
DentistIy? DrqHn acMsing In open sessions. In the 
caner $eMceS Center M Student Center Bldg. A 
.... ,. - BioengIi _Ii '9 and MedIcIne career 
Clppc:InlmIes. A panel at ecpertS from acadtin/a 
iIr1d Inc1IstJy wiU dIso..iss \o1IIlat }OUr opOons are 
with a bioeIlgIi _Ii '9 ctevee n:t whe!hti' to go 
to g~ or medial sctlooI. In the NoIth 
Cot lfe6 ICt! IbIm. 
U .'1( "Y 

- Grac1late sctIooI/LaW /M8r'\ AdIIIsing. 
I'In*1g on II Gr~, 1M! or M8r'\ ~ 
~ ... UCSD? H$ with ~ and 

~ todi!Y by 4IPC*1b1 •• ~. 
CMI career ServIces CenIIer at 452-4939 b more 
defaIIed 1nIbrmation. In the SIudmt Centef Bldg. A 
.... , I ... _ - kiCl!iested h MeclIdrie or 
DentIstIy? DrqHn acMsing In open sessions. In the 
career Ser.aS Cenb!r. Student Center Bldg. A 
I ..... .,. - L.ecture NoCNkIng-An 
-. BN8S pRqom will /nc:Iudr _ 1.000 
hours d Iealn tImeI ~ get !he mast out of 
those hours? ThIs \MIl /n1lIOIIe yout 
IisCenIng abIIty. dcMIop yo.x nocNIcIng sIdII. and 
inIruc1Ice !he edlD<I".y INSIeIy INrrq 
syaan-a w.j to iqIrcM yout reall as It cuts 
down on ~ boredom. Sponsored ~!he O'\SIS 
IINdIng and ~ SIIIIs CIrUr. In !he SIudent 
Centef Bldg. B. COIlfee iCE' ADorn. 
1'-'2110 ,. - katested In the Health 
PruI'essIorIS 7 AcMsing IPPOk .hlel ItS <MIi1«Jk! for 
QI'eer pIa1nIng and pre-pmfI!ssInna sd100I 

. preparation. Call career SeMces Center at 452-
4939 In Dance for an IPPOk ilil*, IL bUt no Nrlter 
!han one ___ In the Student Center Bldg. A 
'IN F I *"Y 
- Speed 1INdIng-How do )'OU hnII! three or 

four courses In 2~ months? WIth madrrum 
reading efIIderKylln this course. }OU can ecpect to 
cut your rt'adIng time In hiIIt (or more)n:t ~ 
}OUr CDfIllrt'herlsion. COliCi!iili ..... n:t recall. 
This tree course tocuses on speed of 
rofll)rt'tia iSIon for UCSO uniIIer5lty aslg1mena. 
Sponsored ~ !he O'\SIS Reading and ~ SkiMs 
Center. In TtHB 141. 
• 100-,'" .... - \Xhlat can ~ 00 with 45 
mmuta7 Get iI ptece of The lear/ling ¥ tem with 

iIrl 00\SIS lECHjniquej T"LJ(. Get more ~ 
and recall men wICh Soc. ScI. Grids. PreserUd ~ 
the 00\SIS Reading and ~ SkIlls Center. To sjg1 
up, call 452-2284. In USB 4010. 
' .... 11'10 .... - Interested n the Health 
Pro~1ons1 M.ilsing appointments available for 
career plaming and pre-professional school 
preparation. call career Services Center at 452-
4939 in ~ance for an appointment, bUt no earlier 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
,1».rOO .... - GraO..iate SchooI/Law/MB.A. 
Mlising. Planning on a GraO..iate, l.1w or MB.A. 
degee progran alter UCS07 Help with aanisslon 
and application questions today by appointment 
only. call career Services Center at 452-4939 for 
more detailed information. In the Student Center 
BIdQ. A 
zrOO .... - The Marketable Resuml! IX/orkst-op. 
Lsrn how to mnstruct a state-of-the-art reslMill! 
that wiN make yoo starld out from the aOlNd, in 
this newty revised workshop. Sponsored ~ Career 
SetvIas Center. Re\IeI/e Formal Lounge. 
I'RIDAY 
...... 0lI0 pM - The OASIS Granmar and 
M«hiIr1ia ~ is designed for students 
W10 would like to work on clarifying bask: 
grammatical c:onapts and categori~ and ~ 
thtin n an extensiIIe systematlc series of prilttial 
exercises. The practice Is wIuatlIe for lITistudents 
wno h.We pt obItiilS writing the CDfI1)Iex EngIIsn 
senterla!S dtiniIr1ded n acadttnk: wriMg. !VI 
ex.erdse rnarwI ID be purdliISed IlV the student 
will be used. All INOrIc will be CD~ In the 
CDrUXt at the \NOtIcst-op. In USB 40 70 . 
..... ·1 ... _ - Grac1Iate sctIooI/UW/MB.A. 
i'dIIsIng. I'IannIng on .~, 1M! or MBI\ 
__ progr.n" UCSD? ~ wilt! Dnission 
and ippIcaiOl, CJIaIIotIS IDIRj by 4IPC* iOl.U 
~. CMI CMrfr SeMc2s Center at 452-4939 b 
rricn dI!CIIIed inA:IrmMIon. h the SbAdenr Cenb!r 
IIdg.A 
, .... U ... ,. - ~iCI!ib1ed In !he HNIIh 
Au' 'ens? AIMsIng 4IPC*iOIEiiCS ....... for 
c:.-. pIari'1g and ~ sctlooI 

. prepntIon. CMI CarHr SeMas Cenb!r at 452-
4939 In DanCi!b'., 4IPC* Ibl*, It. but noNrlier 

than one week. In the Student Centti' Bldg. A 

Services/WorkShops 
MOMIAY .... MY 

- So, 'It)u want To Be A OJ? Do }OU know 
sornechIi '9 about music? 00 }OU want ID Jearn? 
Training sessions now in prugess-<all or visit 
VOURstudent runnldlostation: KSDT540AM and 
95. 7 CiIbk! FM. 452-3673. In the SIudent Cenrer. 

- Need A CreativIe Outlet? The PUblic A/fars 
0I!partment at KSDT is ecpandIngl ~ are 

~ In need ot CREATIVE wrlCers and 
pruc1Iars for 'iIIttt1'latlIIe' new programming. It 

~ and }OU would Ike to lind out more, 
ooruct Elln or Sean at 452-3673. or come in and 
see us at KSDT IStudent Centef iICTOSS tom EDNA!. 
....... ,. - Interested in doing an 
irUmsNp? ~ oIer Internst1ps In ill fields and in 
ill _ at the us. ~ can arrange an IrUmshIp 
tor you that will five you on-thejob experience 
iIr1d enNnce your empb;ment prospeas br the 
future. FoI mort' Inb SlOp ~ our oIIIce wt*h Is 
IcIc.ad iJtIOIIe the Game Il:Iom In the Student 
Centef, and our phone number is 452-4689. 
MONDAY 
.... , .... _ - Let Go at SIress and~­
ThIs is a ~ group b' ill UCSOstudents des9led 
to I9d1 meftIds at re.dng n:t dNIIng \NIIh 
stress wNch can be used b a 1II'alme. Tectnque 
wi. Indude brNIt1Ing tiCti'dses. ~ 
~ reIaIMlor\ autogenic traIrq guided 
1rniIgtty. medItatIor\ seIfoIWnosI$ and time-
nunagttndlt Meets NCh MoncIIrt It1oIq1out trw 
quarter. Students ~ attend .. sessions. or drop 
In to .:Pi one of !hem as CDrM!nient. Meets at 1003 
H-L 0IIIftd by M¥wd IIrusrrIar1. f'¥t1OIogic.iI 
and Counseling ServIces. 
....... ,. - I.ftbIan Support Group-ThIs 
~ drUp-in dJso Ission group ofI!ers peer 
support. personal CDI'UrTi n:t a forum for 
expIor""" at sodiI and political issues. Led ~ trw 
\MlmtI1's Il'e5ourt2 Center f'eer Coun5eIors. call 
452-2023 b Info iIr1d to s91 up. At trw \Mlmen's 
Resource Center. 
n.lMY 
IJIIe. .... ,. - It's IunctiCIme and you need 
~ to Nt yo.x twInIdes. ...."", where can 
)OU go that will satlsf)o your mind as \M!II as )'OUI" 
stori1lch 1 Hi ~I 01 Course' nw BIrth Control 
InformMion Session is the pIaceI ~ can INrn 
about the latest mechods at birth oorvoJ Wl'ille 
nouris/1!ng your ~. Bring a ~ and make it a 
date. ~talrs at the StudenC Heilth CtIlCer. 
, 100-Z •• 0 ,. - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group- This is an on-goIng 
rontldentii/ support group for L61CIergr aduatr men 

Monday, Feb . .. , 1985 19 

questioning their sexuality, as \Nell as those who 
IdIntlft as ~ /bIsexuiiI, Meets week~ ttroug1out 
trw qIWter, Students can call leader, Stelle Br~, 
at 452-3755 for more info, ortheycanjustcometo 
the group. Sponsored by Psychological and 
Counseling Services. In 1003 HL 
I .... ZIIO pM - C»ercoming COtIllUIsiIIe 
eating-In a s~ environment goup 
partldp ..... ts will learn ways to eliminate 

~1siIIe eating. The IoOJs will be on changing 
behaviors. thoughts and bellets IMlidl perpetuate 
this mlT1JUlsion, and work on ilTllf'cMng se/t-
image. The group is not open to those who 
experience a binge/purge C)de or wno grelltly 
restrIct their diet. Sponsored by Psychological and 
Counseling Services. Please call Temille f'brter, 
452-3035 or Denise ZImmerman 452-3755 to sign 
up. Meets at Mr. V11!W Lounge, Third College. 
"""""Y -
,z.c».11OO pM - Don't be sty. Don't be 
embarrassed. BIrth Control is a topic that rrust be 
disoJssed in our sexually petmiSSNe culture. 'lbu 
don't 11M to be sexually active to be informed. 
COme to the birth conrroI information session this 
Wednesday to learn about yourseIt and the people 
arouncIyou. ~ M the SWdent Health Center. 
,z.c».11II pM - General Therapy-This ~ 
going, confidential group is open to 
II1CIergrac:llate students. The focus will be on 
penona/ and interpersOnal concerns. led by Steve 
Bracly and l.Indsey SVUben of Psychologic.al and 
Counseling ServIces. Meets at 1003 H-L call 452-
3755 to sI!J1 up. 
....... ,. - ~ng from Eating 
DIsord!rs IlIIIED III. This!JUUP is for W'OII1I!rI wno 
"- parUdpated In the lIED f'i"o!I'om and are 
CDnIInuIng to work on recD\/tIY, Led ~ UndIey 
StroDen and • RED f'eer Counselor. 0Ifen!d ~ 
~ ~ CounselIng seMa!s. Jtyou n-
~ wurIa!d on an eating disorder, pIeiise 
ci/t Und5f,y at 452-3755 br an ,.... "iCI!iO'iew 
priO"DjojnIng the group. In 1003 H-L 
...... ,. -~ Black forum-ThIs is. 
~, InbmII dlsalPlon group on the Issues • 
concans. n:t trw quality at .,. at the -.tc 
IXIlImJIWy M UCSD. '!his is an onqoIng goup n:t 

students can join at ~ time. CaN -leader PhIl 
Raphael at 452-3035 it}OU h.We ~ questions; 
o~, students cari just tum up at the goup. 
Meets n the Mountain V1ew Lounge in nw-d 
College. ottered by Psychological anc:I Counseling 
Services. 
1HII.-DAY 
21 •• 100 ~ - RecoIIering from Eating 

Disorders Progrom (RED II. This is a program for 
women students with eating disorders. 
ParticlparC moye toward rC!m\lely throug1 a 
prugran of grac1l.1l stageS. Students wno are 
obsessed with weight control, who may 

~ IJlnge. tat. or IIOmit will lind a common 
ground ot support and caring. led ~ BeY Harju 
and a RED ~ COunselor. Sponsored ~ 
f'¥t1o/OgIcaI and CounselIng Services. BeY can be 
reached at 452-3987 br more info. 

............ - He~ Treatment Group-
This is a !JUUP for SIUdents wno ~ chronic 
he~ sutrerers. ~ will Jearn stress 
A!ClIaIon trdWliques. as well as OCher headache 
tre~ment proc~res. Offered by ~ny 
MtCIeIIan. ~ and CourRllng SeIIIic:es. 
If you're "iCI!Iested call ~ and /ea'eyour name 
and number. She can be reached at 452-3755 or 
452-3035. Meets at Student Health SeIIIic:es 
Conference b:Jm. 
....... y 
21" .... ,. - AkDnII iIr1d SUbstance Abuse 
Group-for students wno want help In dNIIng 
with an aJa)h()I or drug use protIIttn. fnllhaiS will 
be on UlidttstMdi'9 the ro~ ot the 
problem, identifying options, m.klng a 
<DiiililblBiI: II) change, and following throIql, 
Homework asIgi .IIeI ItS and group norms wII' be 
established as part at the !JUUP's and IncIIIIc1IiI's 
program. II!fore joining the group, II iCl!iested 
studerits are asked to all Beca at 452-3755 to 
mi/te a short appoinIma1t with one ot our 
counselors ID~ If the group will me« ttW needs. 
Led by Dan MunOz, f'SydioIogIaiI and CCu1seIIng 
seMc:es. Meets at the RewIIe I'I"oIIost's 0tIIce. 
........ ,. - ~-IecI Gilyjlllsewil Men's 
SUpport Group. This is iI weekly drop-In peer 
support group for rNIe students wno identify as 
beW1g ~or biseIual. as well as for those who _ 
exploring their sewi//ty. The group Isla:illtated ~ 
student peer counsetors and is a gNt opponurity 
ID tak with othef slUdenU sNrIng similar 
concerns. New studerits can join at lITi time. 
Qlrwred I¥ f'¥t1OIOgical iIr1d Counseling SeIIIic:es. 
Meets at H-L 1003. If students tY\Ioe ~ questions 
they can call Carlos or Demetrius at 452-4297; 
otherwise, they can just arrIVe for the group. 



20 Monda" Ft'I,. -+ , }9 5 

Classified advertising space Is sold In 
lOO-ch.r.cter Increments. Each 
leiter, pw1ctuatlon mark .nd space 
between words Is considered a 
char.cter, with caplt.' letters 
auttlng as two charaC1en. The rate 
Is 51 per 100 characters for students 
and 53 per 100 characters for non-
students. You must come by the offtce 
or mall In )'Our ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publlcadon. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper . For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, B~16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Congratulations to LIMBO SlAM for 
winning this year's Battle of the Bandsl 
Revelle College wishes you luck in the 
futurel/2/4 ) 
The M ilton H. Erickson Institute 
announces the San Diego Conference 
on Hypnotic and Strategic Interventions 
February 8-10, 1985. For information call 
/619) 295-1010. /2/7) 
M enstrua l pain? Cramps, nausea, 
abdominal pain, etc. Participants needed 
for a research study. 481-6181. /2/ 7) 
Ayn Rand Readers and students of 
O qjectivism meeting every Sunday, 1 I 
am-2 pm. HomeSavingsofAmerica, 43TT 
La Jolla Village Drive, University Towne 
Centre. /3/ 14) 
Muir College is now accepting 
applications from academically qualified 
students to assist with freshman 
orientation and registration during 
June. Obtain a job referral at Student 
Employment and bring it to the Provost's 
Office 2126 HSS. Deadline: 2/8/85. 
/2/71 
Interested in j udging high school girls 
gymnastics7 1985's season training 
begins early Feb. For info call Robin 265-
1240 or Kathy 276-8TT5. /2/41 

Daughters of lesbian or straight divorced 
and remarried mothers needed for 
research study. Please call Julie Schwartz 
459-2100. /2/14) 
VIOlin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. /6/6) 
Don't miss out on the event of the yearl 
Warren Whale Watch Feb. 9th TT :OOa.m. 
S5 at UEO Box Office. /2/4) 
LOSE WEIGHT NA TIJRALL Y, improve 
health, mental alertness and/or physical 
activity with GUARANTEED Herbalife 
products. Call John at 452-7865 for 
questions and info. /2/4) 
Intercollegiate Badminton Club meeting 
tonightl 7 p .m. in Rec Gym. If interested, 
but can't attend the meeting call Steve at 
455-0046. /2/ 4) 
Bloop bloop bloop laugh laugh laugh 
Star Trek Blooper Show and much more. 
Feb. 6 & 7 7:30 & 9:30 pm. /2/7) 
Join fellow RISC memb., UCR, UCSC, 
UCSB & Stanford for one of the most 
vertical weeks of your lifel Jackson Hole, 
Wym. is this yrs Spring All-Cal 
destination. Just S287 & RISC memb. Tks 
on sale now at Box Off. /2/ 4 ) 
The Food Coop wants your help. Earn 
25% discount on food plus 50ct credit for 
working 2 hours a week. Info meetings 
Mon. Feb . TT,IOam& Wed. Feb. 20, 2 pm 
N . Conf. Room or stop by the Food 
Coop. /2/TT ) 

Commodore 64 usersl It's about time we 
form a users group here at UCSD. Call 
Bill at 457~973. /2/7) 
Pregnant7 Troubled7 Explore ,the 
alternatives to abortion . Free 
professional counseling and seNices 
available. San Diego Pro-Ufe League 24 
hour hot/ine: 583-5433, 94H515. /2/7} 
Free haircuts in exclusive La Jolla salon. 
Call Au rei Salon at 459-9610. Ask for 
Ray. /2/7) 
Star Trek Bloopers & Godzilia \IS Bambi & 
Monty fYthon & more. Feb. 6 & 7, 7:30 & 
9:30 pm. S3 UCSD 10 PH 108. /2/7) 
RISC presents a weekend trip to Squaw 
Valley Feb. 15-18. OnIy SIO/nite. 1st come 
1st bed. The more the merrierl Come to 
the meeting 2/6 to sign up . For more 
info call x4037. /2/ 4) 

i i6itllmtDIIII 
1973 \N.J Ghia-In perfect condo Rblt 
eng, new radials, xlnt interior. No rust. 
dents, or scratches. S2900/offer. 481-
2494. /2/4} 
BASS/KEYBOARD. AMP Carvin, 135 
watts with Bass and Treble Boosts, S150; 
BASS/KEYBD/GUITAR CABINET Wilder 
6-10 inch with speakers S150; call Mike 
294-8076 evenings. /2/7) 
Great skis for salel 1984 Dynamic VR27-
Gs w/Marker MRR's-SI80. Access to 
racer's stock PRE, Research Dynamics all 
for great low prices. Call Christian at 
453~372 . /2/41 
Televideo TPC I portable computer. 
W /CPM 2.2, graphics, \NOrd proc. 
package. All for S1095. 278-2682. /2/11) 
Smart Terminal: Esprit 6310, S559. 100% 
Hayes cO"l>at. 1200 baud modem w/ 
cable, 5440. In stockl ~ items 
together can communicate with 
UCSOCc. Sole Source Systems 278-
2682. /2/11) 
79 \N.J Sdrocco, gray W. red int am-fm, 
Ac sunroof, very nice. S35OO. 287~537 
Steve. /2/7} 
I-fP 41CV calculator-Hardly been used 
& math pac, rech batt, recharger. 
S195/or BO. Call Sue 458-9249. 12/7) 
Well cared for Pea\y Renown 160 watt 
solid-state guitar /kybd. amplifier. S225. 
Keep trying, 455-6579. /2/7) 
Kingsize bed ther-a-pedic, 1 year old, 
Sl50 o.b.o. Call Barbara at 452-2465 or 
755-7602. 12/4) 

ItlWiiMi 11 111 
Female roommate to share room in 
condo. 5 min . walk to school. 
S200/month. Pool & jacuzzi. Uz 450-
9052. /2/4) 
I-Iouse in Del Mar. Female to share room. 
1/5 utI. near beach, bath tUb, fireplace. 
259-8835. /2/4 ) 
Roommate wanted, share large 
Encinitas house, S210 & 1/5 utilities, 
good location. 43~260 or 259-8981. 
/2/4 ) 
Hsmate wanted to shr sm but cozy bch 
area cottage. M/f no pref. Share all costs, 
fd, /1/4) utI/rent misc exp & chores. One 
mn wlk to bch/bay, own sm rm S1 75/m 
"bed" avfb. Call eves 488-6548 M ission 
Bch. Carmen, Lani, Paul./2/7) 

Roommate wanted to share large room 
in condo on beach in PB. Jacuzzi-sauna-
ocean view. S235/mo. 483-3848. 12/14) 

*,H161111111 
AMATEUR MODELS NEEDED FOR 
MODELING SHOW IN PRODUCTION. 
Send photos and complete info to: 5666 
La Jolla Blvd., Suite 128, La Jolla. CA 
92037. 12/14) 
Mktg co. seeks indiv. to IM)rk 1-2 
days/ wk assisting students applying for 
credit cards. Eam S30-S60/day. Call 1-
800-932-0528. 12/4) 
Help" Tutor needed for Physics 2B. 

I Reasonable. Mike 453-1028 after 5 :00. 
/2/ 4) 
Volunteers needed for acne study. EIght 
week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for 
evaluation. Volunteers are paid S50.00 
for partidpation. If interested. call 
Division of Dennatology. School of 
Medicine, 452-4955 or 452-684 7 and 
leave your name and phone number. 
/2/4} 
Camp counselors needed to IM)r/( this 
summer with coeds ages ICH 7 in 
aquatic-oriented day camp. Experience 
IM)rking with children & profiency in 
sailing, surfing. water skiing. wind 
surfing. canoe or kayaking preferred. 
~ply at Mission Bay Aquatic Center, 
1001 Santa Clara Point 488-1036. 12/14f 

Administrative assistant position 
available for Aquatic Youth Sports Camp. 
Part-time now, full-time summer. 
Excellent clerical & communication skills 
required. Apply at Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center, 1001 Santa Clara PoInt 488-
1036. 12/14) 

INSURANCE WARI We'll beat any price 
or we don't want your business. TIckets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 

I CaN 286-TT35. Request UCSO PLAN. 
13/14) 
Hurryll Tickets are selling fast for the 
Warren \XIha1e Watchl Feb. 9th 11:00 
a.m. S5 at Box Office. /2/4} 
Hey Valentines-Let's Party! 9 pm on 
Friday, Feb. 8, doors open at the UCSD 
Rec Gym for the Delta Sig's red 'n white 
party. Get there early 'cause the 1st 100 
people get in FREEl /2/7) 
P.B. Ski-Happy 20th Birthdayl Hope 
}Our day is as special as you arell-MEII 
/2/4) 
Speck you dropped your ear. Star Trek 
Blooper Show F~. 6& 7 7:30& 9:30 PH 
108. Narrated by speaker. (2/7) 
Ask the man. 457-1792. 12/7) 
Ski Jackson Hole, 'WYm. during Spring 
break. Mar. 23-30. S287 inc. transp, dlxe 
rondos, 5-day lift tkts, danc~, parties, 
refreshments en route & funl Tickets on 
sale now at Box Office. Buy nowl 
Meeting 2-6. 8 pm. /2/4) 
Tardiff Whazup 71 You are such a spaz. 
Let's party again promo II Bob wants a 
date with Maxi Hasta Dud~. /2/4) 
Hiya Sleestack: Hiss, hissl Big bucks no 
whammyl Bob sends Felix all his love. 
Your Sis Race. 12/41 

To a great bunch of friends-
Congratulations on your initiation Into 
Delta Gammal Love HS and all the PP's. 
12/4) 
Dearest Jim-Thanx for the most 

inc~ible year of my lifel I'll lewe you 
for~r babel :1 :).Jem. /2/4) 
Sigma Nu Chapter members \NOuld like 
to congratulate our first p~ class: 
Todd A. Mitch B, Jim B. Sean F, Greg K, 
Chris M, Mike M, Dave R, Robert R, Lany 
R, Jeff R, Artrur W, and Gus Z. 12/4) 
Find the meaning of life-or at least have 
a good timel Party with the Delta Sig's at 
the red 'n vvhite party on Fri., Feb. 8 in 
the UCSD Rec Gym. Music, dancing, and 
gallons of funl Doors open at 9 pm-be 
one of the 1st 100 people and get in freel 
/2/7) 
Beam me up Scotty before Godzilla steps 
on . .. Don't miss the laughs. Star Trek 
8100per Show. /2/7} 

dfBSt§@ijlll 
nPlNGI\XiORD PROCESSING-For all 
your Wing needs call Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted.12/14J 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
S1.50/page. I pickup & deliver. AMy 

Laurenc:~ 279-8056. 13/14) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typing' 
Spelling correct-Rush jobs 
specialty/Flexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842·12/7J 
Editing: Professional copyediting for 
~nn papers, reports, etc. Special student 
rates. Call 299-6345. (2/7J 
Having a pal1¥7 Need a OJ7 Awesome 
sound system. S75-S100. Equipment 
rentals also. CaN John 453-0640.12/4) 
nPING/WORD PROCESSING: many 
twe styles to choose from. spelling and 
puncuation errors corrected. pick-up 
and ~ry, quality 'M)rk, FASnll 

S2/pag~ Idoubl~ spacedJ, Call 
Interacti\le Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
13/11) 
First dass typing ono/ SI.25/page. Will 
collect & de~r. Ca. Susan 450-9538 La 
Jolla. 12/7} 
Computerized 'M)rd processing. Term 
papers, theses, reports, resumes. Fast & 
acrurate. 481~268. 12/141 

Lost, a maroon wallet and checkbook. If 
found please call Unda at 458-9240. 
12/21) 
Lost-Grey \NOOI slNeater, V-neck with 
no label on Friday, 1/18 at 10 am in front 
of the Rathskeller. Please caN 453-4339 
or bring to MOM. Reward. Great 
sentimental value. /2/4) 
Lost: Double link, tri-color bracelet 
Interesting reward. Call 458-1034 or 
458-9209. /2/7) 
Lost Hea\y man's brass/gold ring /black 
H in script) and ladies triple gold ring in 
Revelle Ladles Room. Please return. 
Great sentimental value. ~peclally Initial 
ring. 450-1540. Reward. /2/11) 
Found: Skateboard-call, identify. Keep 
trying. 455-6579. 12/11) 
Found: one gold bracelet Call 453-
7992. /2/11} 


