
Going where no woman has gone before 
, If! ~\v-~ IJ~ \ \ I 

-



2 Thu rsday, Feb. 28, 1985 

A representative or the LIN 
Commissioner of High Refugees will talk 
about the "Third World Debt: a 
perspective from Costa Rica," tonight 
from 6-8 pm in the South Conference 
Room in the Student Center. 

Jeff Herman-Gutierrez, who graduate 
top of his class from UC D in 1979 
now lives and works as a journalist in 
Costa Rica. 

He is affi liated wlth the United 
Nations University of Peace , is a 
representative of the UN High 
Commissioner of Refugees, and does 
volunteer work for refugee camps. 
Gutierrez is on a three-month speaking 
tOur of the US to raise funds for 
refugees. 

'COSta Rica is a wonderful place to 
live, but not to make money," he said . 

After his lecture , Gutierrez will be 
open for questions. 

o 

An annual symposium on Ihe 
Renaissance, begun by the late Jacob 
Bronowski , is being revived at UCSD. 

The three-day symposium on drama, 
theatre and society in Rena issance 
England will take place March 1-3 and 
is sponsored by UC5D and the Salk 
Institute, where a major portion of the 
symposium will be held. 

The symposium begins with a public 
lecture at 8 pm, March 1, in the Mandell 
Weiss Center for the Performing Arts , 
called "Prince Henry Stuart and the Lost 
Renaissance," by Sir Roy Strong, director 
of the Victoria and Albert Museum, 
London. 

The remaining two days will be 
devoted to scholarly meetings at the Salk 
Institute. 

The symposium is the fifth one held 
in honor of Bronowski, who created and 
hosted the popular Public Broadcasting 
series The Ascent of Man. 

At the time of his death in 1974, 
Bronowski was a resident fellow of the 
Salk Institute working on human 
specificity. While at Salk, he inaugurated 
a yearly lecture series examining the role 
of the Renaissance and its relationship 
to human endeavors such as science 
and medici ne. 

o 
Career questions such as "Where do I 

go from here?" and "What do I need to 
have to make it to the tOp?" will be 
discussed during "Careers in 
Communications ," a fi reside chat 
sponsored by the Intemational 
Association of Business Communicators 
(\ABC) San Diego, on Thursday, March 

Connection, 1703 India Street, San 
Diego. 

Carolyn Paschal , a management and 
executive search consultant , specializing 
in placements at the national and local 
level in the areas of public relations. 
marketing and advertiSing and Glenn 
Broom, PhD. public relations professor 
at San Diego State University, will 
discuss employment opportunities as 
well as the appropriate degrees 
necessary for career advancement. 

Fees for the Fireside Chat are $6 for 
\ABC members and $8 for non-
members. Costs include hors d'oeuvres 
and wine. For reservations, leave a 
message on the \ABC line at 563-8100 
or mail check payable to \ABC by March 
4 to Karen Winston, Touche Ross, 600 
B Street, Suite 1000, San Diego, CA 
92101. 

o 
The San Diego Chapen of The 

National Academy of Television Arts and 
Sciences is once again seeking 
applicants for up to four scholarhips of 
up to $1 ,000 each. The scholarships are 
awarded each year to talented students 
actively engaged in academic study in 
one or more fields of the television 
industry. 

"The Chapter awards these 
scholarships as part of its effort to 
encourage talented students who have 
leadership potential for advancing the 
anistic, cultural, educational and 
tec hnological aspects of the televis ion 
industry: said James Dark, president of 
the San Diego Chapter. 

Eligibiliry is limited to students 
pursuing a course of study for a degree 
in the field of televi~ion at a university 
or college in San Diego County. 
Applicants must have completed their 
first year of college to receive a 
scholarship which can be used for study 
in the sophomore, junior or senior year 
or at the graduate level. Selection of 
scholarship reci pients is based on 
ability, interest and intent, scholastic 
achievement and personal 
characteristics. 

For information on applying for 
scholarships, contact: Wally Schlotter, 
NATAS Scholarship Chair, San Diego 
Chamber of Commerce, 110 West C 
Street, Suite 1600, San Diego, CA 92101. 
Deadline is April 24. 

o 

~---------~----------~ 
i ,+ - '-r-

! I I I !... 
-"" , r: 

" 
~ l'lfi" - I -~ e-c ~r ... • /If I • ~~ I'~ I I- I'li II I."j P'l I."j rt l .... L..IfI,j , Jill L..i II ... • 1· r- ~ ... 1'"'19 ,.. 
~ .. .. ~~ ,- 1+ Mill! Al r., [' 

, '1 ~ rt • II 
I' 

Cover. E. Margaret Burbidge is a leader in the field 
of astronomy and is known internationally for her 
contributions to the scientific world. Her efforts were 
recognized Wednesday when she was awarded the 
National Medal of Science by the President. Find out 
more about this extraordinary UCSD professor in the 
cover story on page 7. 
News: UCSD's SBPC representative addresses recent 
financial aid cuts; see "cross-section." And UCSD hits the big 
time with its new supercomputer. 
Opinions: The politics of famine, plus letters on prohibition 
and letters in general, and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Go on the road in a van filled with 11 kids 
looking for the next rest stop, and then accompany the 
"\\'riter's i" as he journeys through America's laundry. 
Sports: The women of the tennis team surprise their coach 
and even themselves, while the men's and women's lacrosse 
teams win a few. 
Hiatus: A look at Tami Grayson, an artist who explores 
women's roles and herself, a review of Sunday in the Country, a 
preview of hyper-realist sculptor Duane Hanson's 
presentation at the LaJolla Museum, a recap of the Grammies, 
plus Goings On. ' 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

Washington, DC for a quarter with such 
groups as the Arms Control Association, 
the American Association for the 
Advancement of Science, the Arms 
Control and Disarmament Agency and 
others. 

Students will . be able to earn up to 12 
units in the program, and some of the 
intemships offer stipends as well . 

Among the project areas included will 
be verification of arms control and 
implications of advances in weaponry. 
Students may also involve themselves in 
attending congressional seminars, 
arranging specific symposia, or 
preparing educational materials. 

To qualify for the program, students 
must have junior standing with a 2.5 
GPA and must have taken at least two 
relevant courses. 

o 

brighten up winter quarter? The annual 
Revelle play will be presented February 
28-March 3 in the Cafeteria. Fearuiing a 
cast of Revelle students, Darn of the 
Moon is the story of a warlock boy who 
falls in love with a human girl and the 
consequences of this situation. 

If entertainment isn't enough, how 
about "getting away from it all"? Sign up 
for a trip to the Hollywood game show 
The Price is Right by March 4 in the 
Revelle Provost's Office (limited space 
available). 

Celebrate the birthday of Roger 
Revelle with the end of the quarter on 
March 15. A band and birthday cake 

The Institute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation (IGCC) and the Academic 
In ternship Program (AlP) have 
developed a program through which 
students interested in national security 
and arms control research can work in 

will be featured at noon in the Revelle 
Plaza, and Revelle himself will be 
present to receive a special surprise. 
That evening, attend a 50s/ 60s-style 
"sock hop" dance in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. -55 7, from 5:30 p~ to 7 pm at the Wine Seeking more entenainmeru to 

rsection-----------------------------------~---------------. 
~ Financial aid cuts force students to act 

Threatening cuts in federal financial aid, recently 
proposed by the Reagan Administration for the 1986 
fiscal yea r, will dramatically affect students attending 
public and private educational institutions. 

Student fina ncial aid comprises less than one perce nt 
of the entire federal budget, while 83% of all pro posed 
cuts from the Department of Education are out of 
fi nancial aid programs. 

Greg Arnold , UCSD's Student Body Presidents' 
Council (SBPC) representative , himself a recipient of 
financial aid, promoted the development of a UCSD 
fi nanclal aid action committee to figh t the proposed 
CUts. The commmee has targeted San Diego legislators 
such as conservatives Duncan Hunter and Bill Lowery, 
both of whom will have a vote on the proposed budget. 

Arnold is also trying to work with UCSD Chancellor 
Richard Atki nson , UC PreSident DaVId Gardner, and 
Tom Rutter, head of the UCSD FinanCIal Aid Office . 

Arnold belteves that there has to be a push by people 
like Atkinson and Gardner. "They are national figures In 
their own nght whose voices coum and are needed in 
Washington ," he said . 

Effects of the cuts on a national scale show that 
undergraduate students will lose an average of $1,200 in 
:lId each year, while graduate st udent~ Will sulfu an 

Student Body PreSidents ' Cou ncil Representative Greg Arnold. 

aid each year, while graduate students will suffer an 
average loss of $5,000 a year. 

Secretary of Education William Be nnett strongly 
favors Reagans plan , professing that the maJonty of 
financial aid reCipients abuse their privilege. According 
to Bennett. a decrease In federal aId wi ll force students to 
conSider "d ivestitures of cel1ain sons-like a stereo 
dIvestiture . an automobile divestiture, or a three-weeks-
at-the-beclch divestiture ." 

DaVid Stockman dIrector of the Office of 
Management and Budget, shares Bennett's position. 
S..l>1ng.'We an no longer afford to SUbSidize olleges In 

the guise of helping middle- and upper-income students 
finance high-cost educations." 

There is much opposition in the House and Senate to 
the student aid program cuts. 

Readjustments in the financial aid system include: 
stricter eligibility standards, regardless of demonstrated 
need; an increase in work-stud y programs; and a Mega 
cap, or limit of $4,000 pe r student on federal financial 
aid , inlcluding grams and loans. 

A self-help initiation system will require students to 
show a receipt to prove they have earned $800 before 
being considered eligible to re~e ive aid. 

The notion of a new, youth opportunity wage-a sub-
mini mum wage- Is direc ted toward 16- through 19-
year-olds, makmg it more d ifficult to raise the required 
$800 and also tightening the Job market. 

Arnold IS organiZing a student survey and letter-
writing drive, currentl), pendmg AS approva l. which 
requests that fin ancial aid reCIp ientS 31 UCSD affected 
by the proposed CUtS write appropriate congressmen 
and elici l theIr hdp. 

Arnold believes that there will be a compromise 
beTWeen th ' current financia l aId sys tem and the newly 
proposed <- utS , but rhar remain, 10 be cen. 

- Suzanne Lifson 

Th ursday, Feb. 28, .1985 3 

UCSD becomes home for supercomputer 
By ROBERT LEONE 

The National Science Foundation 
formally announced on Monday that 
UCSD is the site of one of (our 
supercomputer centers. 

The campus is one member of a 
consortium of umversities and colleges 
that collectively bid to house a 
"supercomputer." UCSD will receive a 
Cray XMP computer, which will be 
connected by a high speed 
communications neTWork to the other 
17 consortium members. 

San Diego was one of four new 
supercomputing centers announced by 
the National Science Foundation on 
Monday. Other sites include the 
University of LIlinois in Urbana-
Champaign, Cornell University in hhica, 
New York and a New Jersey facility near 
Princeton. 

Matyland , University of Michigan, 
University of Utah, University of 
Washington and the University of 
Wisconsin , according to the press 
release. 

GA Technologies Inc. will proVide the 
full time staff of the center, and will 
manage its construction and operation. 
According to the release , GA 
Technologies is not currently 
considering using the center for 
scientific research. 

The Center has been budgeted for 
$100 million over five years , with COStS 
to be paid by consortium members, the 
NSF and other partiCipants, according 
to the press release . Govemor 
Deukmejian has commited the state to 
contribute $1 million a year for ten 
years to the cenrer, which was a major 
factor in UCSD's selection as a site, 
according to the press release . 

"The system will allow as many as 200 
researchers at a time , working from their 
own desktop terminals in many 
locations , to obtain results in seconds 
instead of hours as is sometimes 
required by ordinary computers. In 
addition to high speed results, 
supercomputers such as the one to be 
installed in the San Diego facility open 
up areas of study previously considered 
impractical , and allow multidImensional 
study of much larger systems than has 
been possible in the past. Applications 
include such diverse areas as molecular 
biology and other life sciences, 
astronomy, mathematics, physics , 
structural engineering and computer 
science," according to the San, Diego 
Supercomputer Center. 

This new "supercomputer" will be budgeted $100 million ovl;" tlu: next jive years and will 
be housed In a new. 50,000-squarejoot building on campus. 

According to Dr. Sidney Karin , project 
director for the San Diego 
supercomputer, the Cray XMP-48 that 
UCSD will be receiving will be capable 
of accommodating 200 researchers at 
once, and will operate in an assortment 
of languages, including Fortran 77 , 
Pascal, C and Assembler. He also said 
that the terminals at each conso rtium 
member's facility will be able to transfer 
d ata at 56 ,000 bauds, compared to a 
ra te of 1200 baud fo r a standard 
personal computer modem over 
commercial telephone lines. The remote 
'terminal concentrators will be based on 
VAX. and PDP-ll computers. There will 
be additional computers besides the 
Cray located in the Supercomputer 
Center, to deal with printing, 
communications and infonnation 
smrage, which will be based on an IBM 
4381 with associated data storage 

The UCSD computer will require a 
50,OOO-square-foot building on campus 
and should be in operation by early 
1986, according to a San Diego 
Supercomputer Center press release. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson said that 

the site had not yet been selected, but 
that it would be soon. The individual 
consortium members will provide staff 
and finanCial support for terminal 
concentration and communications 
equipment at their facilities. 
Organizations that will use the San 
Diego computer include UCSD, the 

Color ~ 
B11nd? ~ D ~ ~ 

Agouron Institute , Califomia Institute of 
Technology, National Optical Astronomy 
Observatories, Scripps Research Clinic, 
the Salk Institute, SDSU, Southwest 
Fisheries Center, Stanford University , 
UCLA, the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, UC5F, University of 
Hawaii at Manoa, UniverSity of devices. ~ 

M.W., "$TIt MIll" 
(TEMPORARY & PERlMNENT PV£EMENT) 

PROFESSIONAL, PERSONAUZEO SEIMCES FOR 
If you are color blind we will pay you $5,00 per 

hour to participate in perception-experiments on 
the nature of color blindness, 

CHILD CARE • ELDERLY . HOMEMAKERS • MAIDS 
HOUSEKEEPERS . PARTY HELPERS . HCXJSE & "CRITTER SITIERS" 

I OVERNIGHT. ~~~ ~noN CARE. / 
For more intonnation contact: Kathy Purl or 

AI Nagy at 452-4762 between 1:00 and 5:00 pm 
Monday thru Thursday. 

LADIES ARE SCREENED, BONDED, INSURED, HEALTH CARDS 
SERVING HOMES, HOTELS, HOSPITAlS ACCEPTING 

APPLICATIONS 

BUSINESS AND 
TECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
Ithrough age 34/ in finandal 
and logistic support. The Navy 
Supply Corps needs highly 
qualified. c¥1amlc indMduals 
to lead and manage large 
inventory and finandal 
net\NOrks. Salary 518.500 to 
start, 534,000 after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need BA/Bs. u.s. dtizenship. 
C"'N""~ Prot, ..... , 29 •• 746, 
Man VJWd a.m 4p1ll. 

517-9017 ASK FOR SUE 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates Medical Group's profeSSional concemed 
sta" can give you the support you need when moking decisions 
about your per.oonal health core needs. Coli todoy for an immediote 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

I'ir.r.t fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
..... MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

--==== 
GUADALAJARA 

SUMMER 
SCHOOL 

University of Arizona of-
fers more than 40 courses: 
anthropology, art, bilingu-
al education, folk music 
and folk dance, history, 
political SCience, sociol-
ogy, Spanish language 
and literature and inten-
sive Spanish. Six-week 
session. July 1-August 9, 
1985. Fully accredited pro-
gram. Tuition $440. Room 
and board in Mexican 
home, $460. 

EEO/AA 

Writ. 
BUldlllJlrl 

SUmmer School 
Rllttrt L 11 ..... 1 205 
Unlnnlty If ArlZllll 

TucaMi 85721 
,_) 821--4728 

or 821--4720 



Editorial 

The politics of famine 
Many times in recent months millions of Americans tuned in the 

television evening news and saw starving children in Ethiopia. Bur what 
aren't the commentators telling us? What is the too often ignored 
political dimension of the famine? 

It is popularly believed that famine ind icates overpopulation. But 
Africa has long been considered underpopulated. Underpopulation , 
partly the result of the slave trade and colonialism, is often credited with 
slOwing Africa's economic development. It is estimated that 50 million 
people died as a result of the slave trade alone. With this in mind , it is 
easy to see that overpopulation is not the cause of the famine. 

On television we see pictures of the growing Sahara desert, 
encroaching upon more and more arable land . The Sahara is growing, 
and there is drought throughout much of Africa. However, many nations 
have suffered ecological disasters without massive starvation, including 
the United States. The point is that drought, although important, is not 
enough to explain why people are dying of starvation. 

In EthiopIa the government is following a policy of neglecting the 

In South Africa, a nation wealthy in natural 
resources, 136 children die needlessly each day. 
needs of family farms and devoting the lion's share of agricultural 
support to state farms . But it's the family farmers who produce over 90% 
of the food grown in Ethiopia. The state farms, producing less than 10% 
of the agricultural output, have received over 85% of agricultural credit 
and over 60% of total government spending on agriculture. In addition, 
family farmers must pay taxes which few can afford. Through such 
poliCies, the Ethiopian government is directly contributing to the 
erosion of family farming and the rural population's problems in 
prodUCing and acquiring food. 

But starvation is not limited to Ethiopia. At least nine countries in 
southern Africa-Mozambique, Angola , Swaziland, Lesotho, Botswana, 
Zambia, Zimbabwe, Malawi and Tanzania-are suffering from drought 
and food shortages. 

South Africa is also affected by the drought. Unlike its poorer 
neighbors, however, South Africa can afford to import food to make up 
for the shortfall in production. In South Africa, a nation wealthy in 
natural resources, 136 children die needlessly each day-an estimated 
50,000 people every year-from malnutrition and starvation. People die 
in South Africa in the midst of abundance, not because of too little food 
or too many people, but because of the official government policy of 
apartheid. Under apartheid , millions of Black people are forced from 
their homes onto barren wastelands called bantustans. Nearly one-third 
of the bantustans are located in the most non-arable areas of South 
Africa. 

The South African government is also contributing to the famine in 
neighboring countries by destabilization policies designed to keep these 
countries economically underdeveloped and dependent. For instance , in 
Mozambique, where the largely unpublicized famine killed an estimated 
100,000 people in 1983, relief effortS are hampered by sabotage from 
South African-financed rebels. The rebels destroy crops, railway lines, 
villages, roads and displace thousands of poor family farmers. UNICEF 
reports that 4 .7 million of Mozambique'S 12.5 million people are in 

danger of starvation. South African-supported sabotage is spreading to 
more and more of the Mozambican countryside hampering efforts to 
produce and transport food. The Mozambican government is also 
making errors similat to those made by the Ethiopian government in 
relying on state farms . In addition, Mozambique is entering into joint 
venture agreements with export-oriented transnational agribUSiness 
corporations. The result of these political actions can only be more 
suffering and more children dying. 

Here in the United States, our government's foreign policy is an 
additional contributing factor to the famine. US-based transnational 
agribUSiness corporations and local elites in the less developed nations 
are increasing their control of the most fertile land in Africa, Asia and 
Latin America. The transnationals operate large-scale farms primarily 
oriented to export crops. 

It is no secret that our government has pursued a foreign policy 
supportive of these nations where the freedom of transnational 
corporations is least interfered with , even when this corporate freedom 
comes at the expense of the freedom of local populations. It is also no 
secret that the allocation of US foreign aid is often used to help prop up 
unpopular regimes in nations where poverty and hunger are common. 

So what can we do to change the conditions which make famine 
possible? 

Americans concerned about working for solution of the famine 
problem must press our government to develop new poliCies towards 
less industrialized nations. We can seek a US foreign policy respecting 
the need for more popular control over the economies of poorer nations 
and supporting economic development that does not destroy family 
farms and other institutions which repsond to the needs of local 

We must push our political leaders to sever ties . 
to a nation keeping four-fifths of its people in slavery. 
populations. If we are to solve the problems of hunger, US foreign policy 
must work for the empowerment and freedom of people in these 
nations, not the power and freedom of transnational corporations to 
invest and extract profits. 

In the case of South Africa. we must push our political leaders to 
sever ties to a nation keeping four-fifths of its people in slavery while at 
the same time creating disruption , hunger and starvation in neighboring 
states. 

Much work must be done before the famine can be eradicated in 
Africa, but the situation is not hopeless. Despite three years of drought, 
Zimbabwe earned $500 million from agricultural exports in 1984, 
accomplishing its first trade surplus since independence in 1980. Corn 
output by family farmers was twice as high as had been anticipated. An 
important factor in Zimbabwe's successes is government support for 
family farms , including credi t, extension services and agricultural 
research . 

Progress in food self-suffiCiency and trade surpluses could happen in 
other African countries where famine is today's reality. But only by 
coming to terms with the political dimensions of famine can we work 
for long term solutions that restore people's fundamental right to eat. 

- JoN ina Abron, Satya Gabriel & Curtis Lawrence 

n <eftit<err $ll <ettit<errzll<eftit<err $ll <ettit<err ~ n cettttcelf ~ n ®till ce IT' ~ n ®~tt ® lr ~n ® ttit (f;lf ~n <eilit<.elr $ll <.eftit <.elf ~ II <.efctt<err ~ II ® 
tt~lr~letterlll~ilit<elrZn<e{tlttelf~ll®W®lr~llcetttt®lf~n®tttt®ff~ll®ilit(f;lf~llcetttt<e;lf$ll~ilit<e;lrZll<efdt<elf$n<ettttce 

tr~ll<.eilit~rr~ll<eftit<elr~ll(f;tttt<elf~ll®1tit®ff~ll®Jttc~lf~ll®i1~®lr~ll®1ctt<elf~ll®ilitcerr~n®{ill®Ir~ll~fctt<errZn~rru<elf. 
The Noble Frats 
Editor: 

I feel I must respond to Chris Canole 's anicle , "A 
fra ternal reaction to Androgyny" (February 25). I guess 
it was Mr. Canole's intention to alen the consciousness 
of the student population against the elitest, masculine 
image that he feels fraternities uphold . Whatever his 
purpose. what bothers me is that he would choose for 
his anicle the letters of a Greek organization here on 
this campus. He quite easily could have chosen the 
letters of some ficticious fraternity for his diatribe of 
fraternity values, but instead chose to use those of a 
fraternity on this campus. thereby alie nating many 
students and contributing further 10 the animosity 
between student publications and student groups like 
the Greeks. I would submi t, Mr. Canole, that it is better 
to foster relations between student organizations [or 
the good of the University and its students than it is 
to tear them down and divide them against each other. 

Perhaps what bOlhers me the most , however, is the 
almost non-existent suppon. or even coverage for that 
matter, publications like yours give to Greeks on this 
campus. Official Greek organizations on this campus 
include six fraternities and four sororities with a 
combined membership of over four hundred Together 
these organizations have raised literally thousands and 
thousands of dollars for charitable organizations, 
contributed to campus affai rs with school improvement 
projects and volunteers for various university events, 
and helped to contribute to the soc ial life of the 
students on this campus. giving them a sense of 
university spirit , rather than that of a college. This is 
not only what Greeks have done for students as a 
whole . It says nOlhIng of the sense of friendship and 
suppon we give to our members in an anempt to 
accentuate the college experience. 

I guess though , that Mr. Canole is not Interestd in 
talking about these things :md would ra ther 
concentrate on the myth o f fraternity motives that he 
seems to believe in. That is too bad because were he to 
look at these "Other things," he might have a ditTerent 
view of the Greeks. We want to be a positive force .on 
this campus and with or without Mr. Canole's suppOrt. 
we will be that force . 

Editor: 

Rick Neal 
President 

Interfraternity Council 

As the presid~nt of the UCSD chapter of Tau Kappa 
Epsilon . I must say that my reaction upon reading 
Chris topher Canole's latest installment of his Qass of 
2011 series of a rticles enti tled "A fraternal reaction to 
androgyny" was less than that of elation. We have 
been working ve ry hard to establish a truly reflective 
image of ourselves on this campus and always in the 
face of this son of adversity; one that is neither fair 
nor inspective. 

As much as Mr. Canole and others would like to 

believe that we incarnate any son of degradation. 
demoralization, and / or dehumanization in our 
Associate Member Program ( Pledge Program), it s imply 
is not true. I and my fellow fraters would never have 
joined such an organization . Why would anyone with 
any son of self respect voluntarily subject themselves to 
that son of absurdity? We are active , thinking, 
productive students of this university and at least 
deserve the respect due to any of our undergraduate 
peers. 

If there be any doubt in anyone's mind as to the 
truth of this allegation I entreat you to go up to a ny 
active or associate member of TKE and ask him to 

Doonesbury 

Grand Openl Special 
lunch Special 

Chicken Teriyakl $395 

ENJOY OUR HAPPY HOUR SUSHI BAR 
From >6 pm • All you con eat '9'6 • ~e 9.Jshl Menu 

Luncll 11 :30 am-2:3O pm Monday-Friday . Dmn. 5:00 pm-10:00 pm Monday-Sunday 

discuss matters with you. It is unfonuame that Mr. 
Canole has never done so. I would think that he would 
have more integrity as a writer than to discredit 
something of which he knows next to nothing. 

The said article also goes on to assen that we are an 
assemblage of wanton male chauvinist pigs that live to 
viola te with our "swords" (Canole's eloquent analogy) 
every female that trods the Earth. This too is obviously 
and utterly ridiculous. Again I plead with you to 
confront a Teke Little Sister and ask her how the 
program is organized, what her impetus for joining 
was, and what amount of respect she is acc\l~r"'ned to 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

5TATC 
YOiJR 
NAME, 
PUA5e. 
/' 

(f)()I.PtT 
HtJRT. 
/ 

HOMES FOR SALE 

Walk to U.C.S.D. 
Super Family Home 

4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms 
Garden Room with Fireplace 

ONLY $2.50,000 

~ HANrSUSH,h.:;::=r.nt Independence Square Shopping Center (Next to Soup Exchange) 7315 Claremont Mesa Blvd, 277·2858 CONDO NEAR UCSD 2 Bedrooms, 21-2 Bathrooms 
1,720 sq. ft-largest unit 

Excellent Condition 
Tennis, Racquetball, Pool, Spa 

$139,.500 YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 

Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg. $25 
Men S10, reg. $19 
For appointment , please call 457-2930. 
M950 Villa La Jolla Ur .. Suite 2120. La Jolla 
(behind 1::1 Tonto 11£ Nodto . directly acros. t he ramp) 

For further information, call 
Marion or Gunter Hirsch 
(619) .. .5 .. -88 .. 6 Office 
(619) "59-"566 Home 

® 8tfc:3!Sick.. 
c.Associates 
REAL ESTATE 

1291 Cave St .. La JolJa, CA 92037 



n<eilit<err~nceilit®rr~n®frfr<err~n<efrfr®rr~n®frfr®rr~n®Cd 
fr<err~lettersllceilit<err~ll<efrfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~n®tttt®rr 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 < 
receiving from the members of the 
fatemity . 1 am comfortable that her reply 
will not be the lamentations o f one 
oppressed. 

Don't take Canole 's word for it. find 
OUt about us for yourself before you 
judge us. Think with your own mind , 
not with Canole's . Otherwise , you will 
find yourself guil.ty of basking in that ray 
of prejudice which IS so often employed 
to disc redit fraternal organizations. 

I realize that Canole's article was a 
li teraty piece 'lind therefore attempts to 
claim asylum from any tangible 
accou'l.tability for its inferences, but if 
the writer did not mean to speci fi cally 
slander us why did he use our letters in 
his droll attempt at a poignanr social 
statement? Surely a mind as vast and 
resourceful as the "dualist's" could have 
summoned to his disposal a fictitious 
set of Greek initials. His point would 
still have been served , and kept intact 
all of his ill-founded trepidatiOns. 

Perhaps if I, like Canole , had lived a 
good part of my young adult life in the 
60's , 1 too would carry in my breast a 
degree of antipathy for fraternities. 
However, I live and think in the present 
and the only fraternity that 1 have ever 
known is one of friendship , charity and 
esteem. 1 urge the students and 
administration to find out about the 
Greek System on this campus for 
themselves. After all, you wouldn't want 
to let Canole think for you; only a clone 
would do that 

Andrew J. Davidson 
President Pi-Xi Chapter 

Tau Kappa Epsilon 
CIA recruitment 
Editor: 

The Guardian editorial staff is to be 
commended for the "expos~" on CIA 
activities (February 21 ). Maybe it'll give 
conservatives, voici ng the mindless 
Reagan rhetOriC about "getting 
government off the backs of the people ," 
something to think about. If we ignore 
the threat to our civil liberties posed by 
the CIA, then democracy will surely 

E 

THE WORLD 
IS YOUR 

fail-for a society cannot truly be called 
"free" unless it is able to tolerate dissent . 
As students, we should do aU we can to 
bring CIA recruitment on campus to an 
end . The time to act is now and 1 hope 
to read more about this issue in the 
future . 

Vasu Murty 
Editor: 

Recent readings of the UCSD Guardian 
have firmly convinced me that the 
entire Guardian staff is stuck in some 
SOrt of '60s time warp. Your cover story 
on the "US-CIA Connection" only serves 
to reinforce this view. As usual, the 
United States, specifically the Central 
Intelligence Agency, is accused of 
engaging in vile internal suppressions 
and external subversions. Certainly there 
were abuses in the '60s and the early 
70s, but these were corrected by-
surprise!-the very same "evil" 
government. The CIA of today is a more 
restrained organization that carries out 
the vitally necessary function of 
intelligence gathering in an unstable 
world. Now, a fringe group of left-wing 
paranoids wants to prevent the CIA 
from equal recruiting access at UCSD. 
Never mind the rights of the students 
interested in serving their country to 
hear what the CIA can offer. To justify 
their censorship this fringe group poipts 
to such evil CIA crimes as funding a 
weather prediction study at Scripps. 
Will these abuses never stop? Also, they 
are angry at the CIA's refusal to hire 
homosexuals . Perhaps they don't realize 
that homosexuals are security risks due 
to the possibility of blackmail. The 
fringies refer to this sensible policy as 
oppression , but they make the false 
assumption that homosexual!' maner u, 
enough to oppress. I did notice, 
however, that missing from their litany 
of "abuses" was the CIA's role in aiding 
the Afgan and Nicaraguan Freedom 
Fighters. Perhaps they did not want to 
say anything good about the agency. 

In closing [ would also like to say to 
the left of UCSD that the year is 1985 
and this is no longer the '60s. We 
students voted overwhelmingly for 

R 

Study around the world , visiting Japan, Korea. 
Taiwan, Hong Kong. Sri Lanka. India, Egypt. 
1\1rkey. Greece and Spain. Our 100 day voyages 
sail in February and September offering 12·15 
transferable hours of credit from more than 60 voyage· 
related courses. 
The S.S. UNIVERSE is an American·built ocean 
liner, registered in Liberia. Seme.ter at Sea admits 
students without regard to color, race or creed. 

For details call toU·free (800) 854-0195 
or write: 

8eme.ter at Sea 
Institute for Shipboard Education 

Unlftnlty of Pltuburch. 2£ FOrbes QuadranCle 
Pltt.bur .... PA 15260 

Slide Presentations 
Thursday, February 25 

4 pm and 7 pm ' 
Imernational Center Lounge 

Reagan in November partly because he 
represents a departure from your self-
flagellation and "blame America first" 
attitudes. America is in the right, and I 
for one am glad to be a student at a 
university with ties to the CIA. 

Kun Schlichter 
Editor's note: It's JUSt a jump to the left, 
t hen a step to t he light; put you r hands on 
your hips, and bring your knees in tight-
it 's thl' pelvic thru-uSl, the CIA makes us 
In-sane-aane. Let's do the time warp again, 
'et's do the time warp again . 
Towering inferno 
Editor: 

Several days ago a man burned 
himself to death in front of the library. 
To me , this is veI)l shocking and 
upseuing. I have tried to talk to people 
about thiS , but they don 't think it's 
worth talking about. 

[ am affected by this act and think it 
deserves an acknowledgement. 

It is disrurbing to me that this person 
chose to take his life. There is mass 
starvation in Africa, and there are 
people everywhere who are barely 
surviving who would never dream of 
killing themselves. Yet that is just what 
this man has done. [ do not know what 
would drive a person to do this. There 
is everything to live for. The image of 
this man burning is very vivid in my 
mind. [ cannot think of anything more 
tragiC or striking than the choice this 
man made. 

Perhaps the people [ talked to didn't 
realize thar-! was talking about life and 
death . One guy said, "Well. that's too 
bad, but I just can't get upset over it." 
This attitude disturbs me. Life and 
death are things we all have to deal 
with. 

I do not pity this man. I am 
saddened because [ think he made a 
mistake. I respect the life he lived. [ 
wish this had not happened. 

Social life? 
Bron~n Ray 

Editor: 
Leave it to Joe Watson and his ad-

hoc committee to have another case of 
Administrative Tunnelvision in trying to 
deal with the alcohol situation at UCSD. 
[ find it ironic that the committee, 
claiming to speak for "student 

development and well being," creates 
proposals which. if adapted, would 

. severely hamper an already pitiful social 
atmosphere here at UCSD. In their 
seemingly one-dimensional proposals, 
the committee has attacked the final 
remnants of campuswide 
programming- the TGs, intramural 
sports , and special events such as 
Casino Night. The committee is quick to 
offer rules and regulations to further 
cramp the programming possibilities of 
the University , but slow if not negligent 
to address the social needs of UCSD 
students. 

All of the recent publiCity regarding 
this issue has given the image that 
alcohol abuse is a "serious problem" at 
UCSD. How dare UCSO's social life and 
alcohol use be compared to our brethren 
at UCLA or Santa Barbara, or even our 
cross-town friends at SDSU. Students are 
outraged not so much at the proposed 
changes in alcohol policies as [hey are 
the threat to what litde campuswide 
programming which exists on campus. 
If alcohol is being abused at TGs, then 
the Administration should hire people 
to make sure only students over 21 do 
drink-not risk the end of TGs 
completely. , 

My favorite proposal, however, 
prohibits beer companies from 
sponsoring special events on campus. 
How does removing the funding for 
Casino Night, the collegiate OIL 
Tournament, the Miller Team of the 
Week, the intramural Bud Page and the 
Fall Festival on the Green herp the 
students? 

Thank you, ad-hoc committee, for 
looking out for my student development 
and well being. How about encouraging 
campuswide programming instead of 
condemning it? Sociany, UCSD doesn't 
belong in the UC system. [t is no 
coincidence that the rise in fraternities 
and sororities is a result of the lack of 
social atmosphere and school spirit at 
UCSO. Alcohol awareness is important 
and necessary at UCSO, but the 
committee's proposals do not only 
encourage prohibition but social 
prohibition as well . I might as well move 
to Massachusetts and go to a real school 
like MIT. 

Jay Richards 

Roberts VW - VOLVO 
&n~914.VW.BMW~~ ~ ~ Audi Servo e.., 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory- Trained Specialist 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454-7823 6) 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454-3705 _ - (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275-1132 181adc. San Diego, CA. 92109 

lIGIIQIa 
* We use and recommend KeNdal!® Lubricants to our customers * 

---------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

-(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any other ClJUPDN) 

The home of the 
3~¢ ham.burger. 

I M~1JtwI1tI~m til/OIl, 
" ,I III" \t .1 • 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
..... ~1!111~!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!! !!!-_!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!I~II!II.JI 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder<!!> with Cheese, Larle Fry. 

Medium-Size Soft Drink II II Llnl lt o n .... t.' l l UP l HI Jh' r II l U wma, p,'r V I ~It . 1'1 ~:lS" 
pr \"!t\.'nt I,. oupon whl.' n II l )f dl·fln~ . Not v" I, ,1 With .lIl V II llth " r •• fla . 

II 

~ Goodthru ~ ~arc~~~ 
-----_,iiiil 

~ , .... h \11u.. I .!,'\ " I I w m II 

Just $1.99 11 
(plus tax) II 
Only at: II 

7140 Miramar Rd. II 
. So. 0; ..... @f.J 

_iiiiii_iii_iiiiii __ _ 

Thursday, Feb. 28, 1985 7 
NEIIJS 

. . . . -

Cover story 

Burbidge honored for scientific achievement 
By LlL YS McCOY, Contributing News Editor 

A s ONE OF 19 SCIENTISTS, eight from California, Dr. E. Margaret Burbidge, the internationally-
known observational astronomer and 
director of UCSO's Center for 
Astrophysics and Space Sciences, 
received the prestigiOUS National Medal 
of Science from President Reagan 
yesterday in Washington, OC. 

"I feel very honored to be selected as 
one of 19 people who are going to be 
accepting the award. It's a thrill," 
Burbidge said. 

Dr. Walter H. Monk, a geophysicist at 
the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, 
was also awarded the medal. 

Vienna-born Monk is recognized for 
his pioneering work in computer 
analysis of ocean tides , wave action , 
tidal waves and the Earth's rotation. 

Burbidge, who moved from her 
birthplace of Davenport, England, to 
london before she was two, relates her 
fascination with the stars to her 
childhood, when she was interested in 
books on the subject. 

"I was interested just in the stars as 
something nice to look at," she said, 
"and then when I was 12 or 13, I was 
given popular books on astronomy, and 
I was fascinated with them: 

Since then her stUdt and research of 
the chemical nature 0 Stars and 
quasisteUar objects-much of it done in 
collaboration with her husband, Dr. 
Geoffery Burbidge, a professor emeritus 
of the UCSO Physics Department-has 
led her to some of the highest honors in 
the field of astronomy. 

Between 1976 and 1978 she was 

OPEN 
7 DAYS 

& 
NIGHTS 

• GOOD 
lHRU 
3-4-85 

president of the American Astronomical 
Society, the first woman to hold that 
post. In 1979 she was appointed the 
first director of UCSD's Center for 
Astrophysics and Space Sciences. In 
1981 she became president again, this 
time of the world's largest scientific 
organization, the American Association 
for the Advancement of Science, and in 
1983 she was awarded the highest 

college of the many in the system that 
"just by good luck" offered a major in 
astronomy. Until then, she had planned 
to specialize in math or chemistry, the 
field of her parents. 

"I thought (astronomy) would only be 
a hobby; [ didn't really know that it 
could be my profession ," she said. 

In 1951 Burbidge and her husband 
came to the Un!~~~~~teS, for the first 

They then came back to the States to 
work with a recent Nobel Laureate in 
physics. Dr. William A Fowler at the 
California Institute ofTechnology. He 
encouraged them to Stay and expand 
their research under dearer skies. 

"One can't do observational 
astronomy in England," she pOinted out, 
"because of all the clouds and rain ." 

She spent only two more years 
researching in England after coming to 
UCSO as one of the original faculty 
members in 1962. During 1972 and 
1973, she was the director of the Royal 
Greenwich Observatory. 

Her earliest research was on the 
compositions of nearby stars. 

"[ started work on a particular kind of 
comparatively nearby hot stars to 
analyze their specific conditions and 
their compositions-that is to say, their 
relative abundance of the chemical 
elements in their surface layers," she 
said. 

Burbidge and her husband also 
analyzed the evolution of the Stars by 
studying, "the origin of chemical 
elements through nuclear processes 
going on in the center of the star: 

Dr. E. Margaret Burbidge was one of the 19 people to receiw: Iht National Medal of 
Science from President Reagan.· 

From there the Burbidges began their 
work in srudying radio and normal 
galaXies. He worked with the more 
theoretical aspects and she with the 
more observational aspects. honor given by the American 

Astronomical Association when she was 
appointed Henty Norris Russell Lecturer! 

Burbidge received both her BA and ,I 
her PhD in astronomy from the 
University of london-a fact she did 
not anticipate until entering the one 

limIt 10 Per Customer. 
Special Purchase-

.American Made 50% 
Creslan Acrylic. 50% 

Cotton, Crewnecks 
• Pants. Adult Sizes 
• Compo Value $12 

• Latest Hottest Colors 
• FactOfY Overruns • 

Some Slightly Irregular 

w. Guarantee 
The lowest sunglass 
prices on all major 
sunglass brands of 

any retail store, 
Ray Ban, Vuamet, 

Suncloud, etc 

Old fOWII 2~1 Son DIego Ave. 
(~to Old Town ear.) 692.Q069 
IncInIaI 745 Fht St. (Lumber,od 

St\cQlIna Center) 942~7 
La JOia f030 TOIMV PInII Rei = to Yogurt Al'/alr) 454-3006 

emonI4675 CloIra'nonl Dr. 
(Oanmont Shopping Cenler) 272-38011 

La Meea 5500 Groumont Center Dr . 
(~I ShoooIna Center) b97~7 

CIIuIa ........ Danriy'T', 1140 IIroadway Prtce 
IIalOOI 422~ 

tan YIICIIo 727 E. Son Ylbo 8111d. 
(McDonald', Trolly St.) 422~ 

time, on the Fulbright plan, and she 
received a jI'lInt from the International 
Astro~tJ;lF!J.fM.9ion. According to the 
structure of me program, the Burbidges 
were required to return to England after 
two years, ~~re mey remained, in 
Cambridge, for another two years. 

According to Burbidge, the main 
difference between radio and normal 
galaxies is in the amount of radio 
radiation emitted. 

"Almost every ~xy (has) radio 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 > 

EURAIL &: 
COUNCIL TRAVEL 

Present 
INDEPENDENT TRAVEL 

THROUGH EUROPE 
-FLIGHTS 
-EURAIL 
-BRITRAIL 
-INTERNA TlONAL STUDENT ID CARDS 
-YOUTH HOSTELS 
-BUDGET ACCOMMODA TJONS 
-TRA VEL GEAR 
-AUTO LEASING AND RENTAL 
-TRA VEL LITERATURE 
*** AND MUCH MORE 

ATTEND OUR FREE SEMINAR: 
MARCH 12, 1985 6-9 PM 

onh Conference Room UCSD Student Center. 
Refreshments will be selVcd. RSVP by phone 452-0630 or walk in . 

Guest speakers will be present 10 answer questions. 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 

Mon. - Thurs. 
fri. 

Sat. 
SW'I. 

CopIeS' ReductIons , Enlargements 
Passpo" Photos' BInding ' And rnuctI more' 

41/z( 
Self SeN ice Copies 

Sam·Spm 
Sam-6pm 
10 am - 5 pm 
12 noon -5 pm 

a7~775 
1165 Villa' La Jolla Dr. 

(Near lalphl • Sa¥-On) 



8 Thursday, Feb. 28, 1985 

Burbidge earns 
national recognition 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 " 
radiauon , but there are some that are 
vel)' strong radio radiators. In fact, some 
put out more energy in radio 
frequencies than they do in optical light. 
That comes about because they produce 
a flux of high-energy charged 
pa rticles-high-energy electrons ," she 
sa id. 

ormal galaXies, li ke our Milky Way, 
she said. prod uce low amounts of radiO 
radlauon wh ich I created by e uher the 
tars of the lighl gases between the stars. 

After her work on radIO galaXies. she 
began the stud)' of her present research, 
quasars, celestial object which a re a 
source of intense light and or rad iauon 
whtle travehng at close to the sp eed of 
hght 

Her study of quasars consists 
primarily of observatio ns made a t the 
Lick Observatory outside San j ose and 
from informatlon gathered about the x-
rays they emit by ASA and satellites 
such as the Viking lander. 

The x-ray satellites and the 
international ultraviolet explorer from 
which Burbidge collects much of her 
information are geared with special 
detectors that are sensitive to the x-rays. 
Reflecting mirrors will not discern the 
frequencies. 

Burbidge sees such collaborations 
between astronomers and the space 
program increasing and becoming more 
elaborate as we progress into the 21st 
cenrul)'. She also believes that this will 
be facilitated in the long run by a 
manned space station and in the short 
run by continued interplanetary ventures 
and the Hubble Space Project. 

"The praCtlcal use is the movement 
into extending space ventures. It looks 
fairly probable that there will be a 
permanent manned space platform 
which will not only be used for 
exploring the universe (but also), I 
think. for capturing some of the 
asteroids and some of the small bodies 
10 the solar system which are potential 
sour es of raw materials ," she said. 

Burbidge is also an important 
researcher 10 the development 
of the Hubble pace Telescope , which 
is bemg built by the collaborative 

efforts of scientists from all o f the UC 
campuses and the California Institute of 
Technology along with scientists in 
Europe , she said , 

Her reputation has led her to the 
position of deputy principal investigator 
of the Faint Object Spectrograph Project, 
one of the five experiments to 
accompany the telescope in a 1986 
NASA launch , the San Diego Union 
reponed. 

According to Burbidge, the new 
telescope would elimmate problems that 
Earthbound astron omers have with 
wind , rain , clouds and even city lights, 
and will open new vistas by allowing 
astronomers to study ultraviolet rays not 
present in our atmosphere. 

High-pressure sodium city lights 
hinder the view of stellar objects for 
observers because, according to 
Burbidge, -You get more light coming in 
from the sky than you do from the faint 
objects (specifically quasars) that you are 
studying." 

Burbidge sees astronomy and other 

sciences as IntC01J llOnal language by 
which ountries an communicate 
unpoliti cally for the good of progres 
and knowledge. 

. r\.:, tronomy IS a ve ry international 
field . It's one of those ways in which we 
can communicate with (other 
countries) ... in a way that governments 
(have not ). We can have friendly 
collabora tion ." 

Burbidge feels that part of her success 
and the potential success of the future 
for the field of astronomy can and most 
likely will be attributed to "conscious 
expectation of the unexpected." 

"You never know what you're going to 
di scover. and they're usually surpris ing 
d iscoveries. People didn't predict 

quasars , people didn 't predict that the 
sky would be peppered with x-ray 
sources. All o f those things come as 
soon as you havc the means to look for 
them ." 

Congress estabhshed the National 
Medal of SCience 10 1959 to recognize 
scientists who have made outstanding 
contributions to their fields. 

A special committee of the National 
SCience Foundation has recommended 
160 scientists to receive the award from 
the president over the last 25 years. 

Both Burbidge and Monk, who were 
mformed of the honor last November, 
were accompanied by Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson to Washington , 
DC 1m 

Burbidge was a leading force in the design of the Faint Object Spectrograph for the Hubble 
Space Telescope. 

TAKES OFF THIS 
FRIDAY ~ SATURDAY 
March 1st March 2nd 

THE BEGINNING OF AN 
A~~~A(L ~~A())auoo~ 

CALL THE ~. OFFICES 
AT 452-4.50 

FOR MORE INFORMATION 
Students Organizing University Resources through Communl1y Exchange 

c 

ACADEMIC UPDATE 
Attention all Spring and Summer 

graduates! Be sure 10 file your 
application for diploma and 
degree by the eighth week of the 
quarter! This will ensure your being 
included on the graduating senior 
list and commencement program 

Undecided about your major? If 
you'd like some help in cha nging 
your undeclared starus, please 
come talk to one of the academiC 
counselors at the Revelle Provost 
Office. Be on the look out for the 
next Undeclared Majors' Meeting! 

Inte rested in completing your 
language requirement for Revelle 
College? If you are, then test your 
prolTiciency in either French, 
German, Spanish or Russian on 
Saturday, March 16th at9:oo am, in 
USB 2722. The oral interviews will 
follow the written exam and will be 
scheduled for March 19th and 
20th . If you plan on taking the 
exam, sign up at the Language 
Center OlTice, P6tL 2125, during 
the ninth and tenth weeks of the 
quarter for both the wrinen and 
oral pans of the exam, Be sure to 
get all necessary recommendations 
and check with the Language 
Center Staff for further restrictions. 
Good luck! 

just a final reminder to all 
students who wish to drop a course 
before the end of the nimh week. 
You will recieve a "W' on your 
transcripts . Be sure to notify your 
professor of your decision! 

-Elkn Caprio 

DEAN'S CORNER 
During the Winter and Spring 

quarters various opportunities to 
become involved in the college will 
become available to you. We will be 
i nterviewi ng and selecti ng 
orientation leaders who will 
educate and inspire our incoming 
freshmen . Resident assistants will 
be chosen to help make life in the 
Residence halls a positive 
experience for our students, Also, 
various offices will come up for 
election , such as our central 
governing committee, the Revelle 
College Council. Other committees 
will be open to students who are 
interested in coUege involvement. I 
believe each of these opportunities 
is a chance for you to leave your 
mark on the college; a chance to 
make life here at Revelle better, 
because you are here. You may 
have been thinking ''I'd like to 
become involved." The time is at 
hand to translate your thoughts 
into actions. Come join us in 
making Revelle a better place to live 
and learn. 

-HuabPaaa 

RESIDENT ADVISORS 
Are you dedicated? Enthusias-

tic? Able to work on a team? If so, 
the position of Revelle Resident 
Advisor just might be the job for 
you. To apply, pick up a referral 
from stUdent employment and 
pick up an application packet from 
the ReveBe Resident Dean's OlTice. 
The deadline for applications is 
March 4, 1985 at 4:30 pm in the 
Revelle Resident Dean's Office. 
Don't miss your chance to get 
involved! 

A Revelle College Publication· University of Callfomla. San Diego 

HAPPy BIRTHDAY, ROGER 
Yes, there really is a Roger Revelle , and he'll be celebrating his binhday this 

March 7. 
As founder of UCSD's first college, Revelle and his peers recognized the 

advantages of a small college system. Because, jn the words of Revelle, "The goal of 
Revelle College should be to learn how to learn:' the liberal Revelle educational 
philosophy encourages students to receive a general, well-rounded education , 
Indeed, Revelle himself has studied various academic disciplines such as geology, 
public policy, and agricultural development. 

In addition to founding Revelle College, Roger ReveUe was Director of the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography from 1950 to 1953. Beginning his career as an 
oceanographer, Revelle continued studies in other areas at other institutions such 

. as Harvard. Recently, his research has included investigating increasing levels of 
carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. A Professor Emeritus of Political Science at 
ReveUe , he can also be found conducting seminars with students during winter 
quarter. 

Revelle students-interested in !peeting the founde of your college? A special 
birthday party has been planned to coincide with the end of winter quarter, March 
15. A band and birthday cake will be featured at noon on the plaza for Revelle's 
visit, not to mention a special birthday surprise. That eveni ng, a '50s-'60s style sock 
hop dance will be held in the Revelle Cafeteria. 

-Shalini Shah 

February 28 - March 3-The Revelle College Players present the play "Dark of the 
Moon." 8 pm in the Revelle Dining Commons. Tickets are $2 .00 in advance and 
$2.50 at the door. 
March I-Dance fearuring "Grandmaster Disaster" and "Furious Fred" live in the 
mix. 9 pm - 1 am at the Revelle Apartment Lounge. Tickets are $2.00 and can be 
purchased at the Revelle Resident Dean's Office. Free soft drinks will be provided, 
March l-Commuter Continental Breakfast. 7-9:00 am in the Revelle Community 
Center. Only 75¢ . Sponsored by the Commuter ,4.dvisol)' Board. 
March 4-Be in the audience for "The Price is Right." Only $5 .00. We will leave by 
bus at 12 noon. Sign up now in the Revelle Dean's Office . 
March 4-Last day to rum in your applications to be a Revelle Resident Advisor, in 
the Revelle Resident Dean's OtTice by 4:30 pm. 
March '-Commuter Study Break. 9 pm, in the Revelle Apartrnents , Apartment D-
2. 
March 6-BeUy Dancers on the plaza at 12 noon . Sponsored by the Noon 
Programming Board. 
March 7-Roger Revelle's Birthday. 
March ll-Last day to apply to be a graduation speaker. Pick upan application in 
the ReveDe Dean's Office. 
March 15-Roger ReveDe's Birthday observed: there will be a band and cake for 
e~ryone on the plaza at 12 noon, and there will be a dance in the Revelle Cafeteria 
later that e~ning. 

JOIN US WATCHING 
A GAME SHOW 

On Monday, March 4, the 
ReveBe Programming Board is 
ptesenting a trip to the game show 
the "Price is Righl' If you would 
like to join us in the audience, sign 
up now in the R~1Ie Dean's Office 
to reserve your place. We wiB be 
leaving at 12:00 noon and will 
travel by bus to the show. Don't 
miss this chance to experience a 
game show in personl 

REMEMBER BARGAIN 
BOOKS 

Don't forget about Revelle 
Bargain Books, located next to the 
Informal lounge in Revelle 
Commons. This bookstore works 
on a conSignment basis , allOwing 
students to buy their books 
inexpensively and receiv~ more 
money when reselling. Every 
student should look in to Revelle 
Bargain Books and take advantage 
of this gteat resource. 

GRADUATION SPEAKER 
If you are graduating this Spring 

and are interested in gening 
involved in the commencement 
ceremony, be sure to apply to be 
the Student Speaker. The Speaker 
will have the chance to read 
his/her fi ve-minute speech before 
the entire Revelle graduating class 
of 1985 Pick up an application in 
the Reve ll e De a n 's OffIce 
Applications are due March 11th 

COMMUTER NEWS 
Two commuter teams at Revelle 

made the final rounds in the 
Broomball Tournament. After one 
of the best final games ever played, 
the commuter team who calls itself 
"Argo 1" won. Congratulations to 
the teams who participated, We 
appreciate all the commuters who 
played and watched the game. 

All commuters are invited to a 
study break at 9:00 pm in the 
Revelle Apt. D #2, on March 5th, 
The Revelle apartments are located 
off old Miramar Road near the VA 
Hospital past the Warren playing 
fields . Take this oppotunity to 
make friends with some students 
on campus. 

On Friday, March 1st, the 
Commuter Advisory Board of 
Revelle will be holding a 
continental breakfast for all Revelle 
students. It will be from 7:00-9:00 
am, and will cost only seventy-five 
cents. So come and enjoy a 
delicious breakfast before your 
morning classes. 

-Emma-lee Caprio 

Tonight, in the Revelle Cafeteria 
at 8:00 pm, is the opening of the 
Revelle College Players' 
presentation of "Dark of the Moon" 
by Howard Richardson and 
William Berry. Tickets are only 
$2.00 at the Box OlTice and $2.50 
at the door. 

"Dark of the Moon" is a 
humorous play with serious 
undertones about two young lovers 
who must make personal saCrifices 
to be with each other. john, the 
Witch Boy, wants to become 
human in order to marry Barbara 
Allen. But in order for this to 
happen, Barbara must remain 
faithful to him for a year, The play 
revolves around these twO 
characters and their struggle with 
themselves, as well as with the test 
of the town folk. 

Go see your friends in this 
Annual ReveUe Tradition. This 
show runs through Sunday and it 
promises to be one of the best 
productions at ReveUe yet. 



I I 

. . 

. '. . 

. ',,',.', 

'. . :.: .' 

'. ' . ... . 

.. 

Rest stops 
By ROBIN RAUNCH 

W HE:\ II KIDS and two parents are packed in a StallOn wagon that's traveling 
from California to Kentucky, there are 
bound to be some unforgenable 
moments 

Waking up at four In the morning: 
"Robln, wake up. II'S lime to go to 
Kentucky " How my heart would pound 
as I crawled OUt of my bed 10 the da rk 
morning and began dressing for the car 
nde . putllng on my carefully chosen 
-ftrst day" outfit Half an hour later we 
would pile In the car after Dad had 
packed our suitcases In an ever-so-
orderly fashion , and we would pull out 
of the driveway as hints of dawn were 
lighting up the sleeping neighborhood 
streets. 

In the beginning the teenagers would 
sleep and the babies would sleep and 
the middle kids would keep them from 
sleeping. The older ones would wake up 
as we broke OUt the mim-cerealboxes 
and milk and small canned juices. We 
would all want the sweet cereal and the 
grape juice, and after drinking the juice 
we would have to Stop to go to the 
bathroom. 

We'd forget our shoes sometimes and 
we'd have to walk across the stickers. 
Then in the bathroom Martha would 
say, "You 'll get diseases on your feet." 
We'd run around until Mom was out 
(she always took the longest) and Dad 
threw OUt the trash (he was always 
throwing OUt trash ) and then it was 
back in the car. 

At this point Dad would say, -Why 
don 't you girls sing a song?" and we'd 
have to sing "Edelweiss" for Dad and 
"Where Have all the Flowers Gone?" for 
Mom, and then we could sing whatever 
we wanted. But we always sang the 
same things. In later years, Martha, 
Anne-Mane and I became the DiXie Cup 
Three , and we always sat in the very 
back seats of the family car, which was 
now the big blue van, and sang the 
latest hits . all the latest hits. to our 
attentive audience . which was usually 
trying to sleep 

Every tnp had Its regular sleepers, my 
younger sister :"ancy always being 
among them. It seemed that they could 
sleep through anything: crying babies, 
blanng radios . airborne Sugar Com 
Pops . It always amazed me how the 
regular sleepers could remain 
unconscious through all that cartnp 
bedlam. but wake up at the second the 
car slowed down for a rest SLOp. It was 
as if they had special sensors that could 
pick up the smell of newly sanitized 
bathrooms. the feel of the warm sun on 
their faces and the dry Slickers under 
their feet. They could hear their cOi ns 
clanking In the Coke mach me and were 
awake In an Instant, pumng on their 
rubber thongs and gettlng ready their 
quarters 

At around the th ird rest SLOp we 
would usually have lunch . We would 
march across the stickers with the 
oversized Ice-chest, the thermos and 
twO huge boxes 01 food . Mom would 
make deViled ham and mustard 
sandWiches and we d eat vienna 
sausages With our fingers Then we'd eat 
our warm , mustardy sandWiches with 
some wa rm lemonade and some Fritos 
and we would all comment on how 
deltclOus everything was 

After the salty meal Mom would Say, 
"You kids run around for awhtle ," so 
we'd run "a round" in Circles thinking 
we were very funny , and she'd Sit In the 
hOt sun brushing off ants and feehng 
very glad that we were burning off some 
energy. Mothers are so eaSily pleased . 

,I 

., ',' 
.... . 

Meanwhile, Dad would be dtrowing 
out trash and when he finish ed he'd 
say. -You kids go to the bathroom," '50 
we'd all go, and when Mom was out 
we'd be on the road once again. 

Once in Texas, instead of stopping at 
a rest stop , Dad decided we'd stop at a 
hlstoncal landmark. Mom said , "Dick, 
I'm sure there's a SLOp very soon ," but 
Dick said, "No. we 'll stop here and see 
some hiStory," and Since fathe rs are 
always nght, we stopped. 

So we sat In the 102-degree sun on a 
stone wall which u5ed to be a building 
that stood dunng a war. Our mustardy 
sandwiches were toO hot to eat and our 
lemonade was toO warm to drink, and 
we had to concentrate on keeping our 
feet on the wall s~ that the big black 
ants. longer than my big toe , could not 
crawl on us , and I was so afraid of the 
ants that I couldn't even eat any of the 
lemon coolers that Mom gave me 

Dad read aloud from the engraved 
metal landmark on the stone wall, and 
we pretended to listen as we tried to 
keep our balance . the sun making our 
yellow hair very hOt and shmy, our arms 
and faces becoming very red . JUSt when 
I was sure I was gOing to fall off the wall 
In to the ravenous ants , a man In a very 
alr-condltloned-lookIng car pulled up , 
rolled down hiS automatic Window, and 
WIth a pitying look said , "Y'all know 
there's a rest Stop Just fight around thiS 
curve " My mother shot us a knOWing 
glance, and after the merCi ful Texan was 
out of sight she said , "Well , that was a 
verY mce lunch . Now that it's over, why 
don't we JUSI dnve up to that rest Stop 
and go to the bathroom7" My father 
said , "That's exactly what I was 
thinking," and since he's always nght , 
\,\1' got In the car and headed up the 
road . 

After lunch we'd play games. Not Jus t 
traveler's bingo or Old Maid o r colori ng 
books, either We'd have to play Dad's 
favonte Sti nk Pink. It was a rhymlng-
syUa ble game that took us 200 miles to 
learn . It LOok us another 50 mtles to 
understand how hiS twO entnes rhymed 
But fathers are never wrong. so we resct 
our minds to believe that warmer 
rhymes With fanner and car rhymes 
with war. ~ 

Write for 
Perspectives 

contact: 
Christopher Canole 
Perspectives Editor 

452-6580 

Thursday, Feb. 28, 1985 11 

tho wrltar's ~ 

Wake up and smell the laundry 
By PHlllAUDER 

YOU OPEN THE DRAWER. You stare at the three pairs of socks you have left-one is argyle , one 
is lettuce-green-colored, one has inch-
and-a-half holes on the heels and big 
toes. You close the drawer. You go to 
the closet. Pants are no problem-blue 
jeans don't soil too badly. But then you 
need a shin. Lordy, there's nothing left. 
Then something hits you. It almost 
flanens you, whatever it is-you grab for 
the nightstand for suppon. You look 
down , and there's your laundry bag. 
Open. This is bad. Way bad. 

"Christ, I just did my laundry," you 
think, and then you mink how for back 
that was. ·Just yesterday, n01" No. Oust 
week, wasn't it?" Nope. ·Week before?" 
Try again. "December?" Bingo. 

Doing laundry was something you 
never really gave much thought to when 
you were living at home. For most of us, 
it just seemed to get done-no big deal . 

CoDege gives you a s1ighdy different 
perspective on me stuff. uundry is a 
pain-one located right below the 
backbone . There always seems to be 
something better to do wim two hours 
of time. So we put it off. Some put it ofT 
a liale too long. The urge to recycle 
gannents by claiming them out of the 
laundry bag or clothes hamper (or 
whatever it is you keep vile clothing in) 
is a teU-tale sign mat you've gone too 

r far. Proceed to your nearest laundry 
facility at once. 

Most of us in conege have to rely on 
coin-operated machines to do the job. 
Coin-op machines are a blast. First ofT, 

they're the most unforgiving bastards 
you've ever met. Exact change , and 
exact change only. Fine. You have to 
spend every waking moment trying to 
conserve quarters, trying to hold on to 
them at an COst. If a bag of Fritos COStS 
25¢, give 'em a buck and get three more 
quaners. If a medium Pepsi costS 89¢, 
don't just hand them me buck-throw 
in an extra 1 ... . Be prepared. 

I play mis game. And I stin come up 
shon. There is no dumber feeling than 
the one mat hits you while going 
around asking people if they have four 
qual1ers for a doUar. In the laundromat, 
at least, the people understand your 
requests. But if no one there has 
change-after aU, mey need meir 
qual1ers, lOa-then you either go door-
to-door or take your laundry out of me 
machine, forfeit your detergent, and 
curse the world. And go back home and 
pick the black-and-yeUow argyle socks. 

I lug my laundry to a Mesa 
Aparonents laundromat in a big white 
bag, stuffed so full that it has long since 
ripped open, but it's aU I've got. One 
thing I have yet to figure out is the best 
time to do laundry. All I know is that 
Saturdays are bad news-everyone and 
Aunt Marge 'is doing meir laundry then, 
and an empty machine is like a Super 
Bowlticket-peo,ple are scalping the 
things. It's fun walking back and fOl1h 
from your aparonent several times wi 
your body in a backwards tilt of 30" ' tt 
while suppol1ing a big bag of laundry 
on your chest. It looks good, it sme~ 
gooQ , it is good. I love it. 

SPRING ELECTIONS 
ARE COMING! 

If you are interested in pamclpating in student 
government, 'the follOWing positions on the ASUCSD 
Council become vacant Spring Quarter: 

President 
Vice President Administration 
Vice President: External Affairs 

Vice President: Financial 
Commissioner of Public Relations 
Commissioner of Communications 

Commissioner of Programming 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 

Commissioner of Operations/Services cSt Enterprises 
Commissioner/Chairperson of the 

University Center 
College Senators 

(Three from each College: 
Sophomore. Junior cSt Senior) 

Stay tuned for more information about 
the A.S. Spring Elections! 

If you have any questions, contact the Student 
Activities Office at x4083 , 

Once a couple machines free up, life 
is better. NOt good , but better. Whites in 
the left machine , colors in the right. 
That's how I do it. I think I learned that 
from an All-Tempa Cheer commercial. I 
always have fewer whites than colors, 
though, which ticks me ofT because I 
usually have tOO many colors to fit into 
one machine . I'm so tempted to c heat, 
but I've seen too many pairs of 
underwear tum pink because a red shirt 
snuck in with the white clothes. So I 
stufT all the colorful clOthes imo one 
machine and ignore the "00 NOT 
OVERAll." warnings. Just try to StOP 
me . Go ahead, make my week. 

In goes the soap. How come they 
don't have coin-op "front-loading 
automatics" in laundromats? Those only 
reqUire a half cup of detergent. I have to 
put in a cup and a qual1er in these 
"top-loading" beasts. That's 21h cups 
every outing. I think they're exaggerating 
on how much you need, but I'm not 
willing to rewash a load of clothes 
because I put too little soap in, so I 
conform. 

In go the coins for me first machine. 
Push in, pull out, hummmm-fine. In go 
me coins for the second machine. Push 
in. pull out.. . pull out.. . nothing. No 
sound, no coins, no nothing. Nice. Now 
what? Do you go for another SO¢? Do 
you have another 50¢7 Did you see the 
·out of j rder" message someone 
s-:raa:l}e<i pitto the lid of the machine 
wim a thumbtack? What are you doing 
with that gun? 

Dryers are less of a hassle . Ten Cents 

a shOt, throw colors and whites in 
together, take them out 20 minutes later, 
done. Go home. Fold. Don't bother 
ironing-you've done enough for one 
month. 

Ah, clean clothes. Drawers full of 
pretty , un-holy socks, closets full of 
fresh-smelling shins. Clean sheets, clean 
towels, clean, clean, clean . Nirvana of 
sorts. Enjoy it while you can. If it's 
always jUst yesterday when you last did 
your laundry, then you've only gO{ a day 
before me tell-tale signs and the 
laundry-bag aroma come back again. 
And then it's time to make another 
appointment with your friendly 
neighborhood laundromat. 

I'll go with me argyle socks. § § .§ . 
It has been pointed out to me that I 

was somewhat remiss in my analysis of 
the 3-in-the-morning, man-vs.-bug scene 
described in me last "writer's in: "Gening 
to the 1'00( of what bugs you." 
Apparently, not aU of us reach for me 
paper towels when Mr. Cockroach 
comes knocking on the kitchen counter. 
Some of us reach for the empty Ragu jar 
in the cupboard instead, preferring 10 
playa fun-fined game of oy-to-get-me-
loathsome-creature-into-me-damn-jar-
and-out-to-freedom-and-a-continued-
Iife-in-the-outside-world. This is 
apparendy quite a demanding spon, 
especially when one's hands are shaking 
so much that me bug couldn't make it 
into the jar if he had to. PersonaUy, I 
still think it's easier to reach for me 
towels . Easier on me, not on the bug. &::J 

A.S. ELECTION CALENDAR 
Filing Period 

March 11 , 1985, 8 :00 am to March 18, 1985, 4:30 pm, File 
forms with the Student Activities Office (Marietta). 

Candidates Meeting 
April 1, 1985, 5 pm in Nonh Conference Room, 

Campaigning 
From 8 am, April 2, through closing of polls on April 10, 4 

pm. 

Voting 
April 9 & 10, 1985. Polls open 9:00 am-4:00 pm, 

...---Polling Places:--.....,. 
Revelle Plaza • Gym Steps 
Muir Quad • Third Quad 

Warren/ Registrar's 

Campaign Materials 
All materials must be removed by noon of the second day of 

voting. 

For more information call x4083 
or come by the Student Activities Office. 

....----------*Note: -----------. 
NO FILING DURING FINALS OR SPRING BREAK!!!!!! 



12 Thursdav. Frb. 28, 1985 

Women's tennis is steadily improving 

In the swing of things 
By MATI ADAMS 

W HE. WE lJ\ST LOOKED In on the UCSD women's tennis team. they were optimIstically 
looking forward to the beginning of the 
season. The season is now 12 matches 
old. It appears that the early optimIsm 
was warranted . The veteran squad has 
shown conSIstent Improvement and 
given coach LIZ La Plante some 
surprIses. 

"We have played at least as well as I 
had expected. We have defeated the 
strongest Division III competition In the 
Western Area (OccIdental and Pomona-
Pitzer) and played very well agaInst 
DiviSIOn I &. II opponents The blgge t 
surprIse of the season. though, was an 
8-1 VICtory over DIVISIon I USD. We 
have never beaten them In our history 
pnor to our match this season." 

La Plante contInued , "We are steadIly 
ImproVIng. In our first match of the 
year, we lost to Cal State, orthndge 0-9. 
Last Fnday we played them for a 
second time and the match was much 
closer." In that palllcular match. the 
Tritons improved theIr play 
considerably. They still lost to the tough 
Division II opponent, but this time the 
scores of 3-6 were much closer. 

The Triton play has Improved greatly 
in doubles. La Plante especially points to 
the UCSD #1 team of Nadi ne Akimoro 
and jessica Vernon. "They have been 
playing much smarter. Both theIr wins 

over USD and Northridge were 
impressive VIctories." 

Aklmeto provides her explanation for 
their success. "We have been working 
hard . especially on a new part of our 
game. While evel)'one is lookmg at 
JessIca. I pull down the net so her 
volleys make It over. We haven't been 
caught yet." 

On a more serious note, JessIca 
points out the Improl'ement m doubles 
"In our fIrst match we lost to 'orthndge 
6-2 and 6-1 We beat them on Friday 6-
2 and 6-1 Earlier In the season we beat 
USD for the fi rst lime. For me the 
season is gomg better than I had 
expected. I'm plaYIng with confIdence 
and enthusiasm , and I have had no 
inJunes to slow me down .. 

PlaYIng strong tennis as the Triton's 
# 1 SIngles plJyer :s Glenna Moses. She 
maIntains a positive attitude even in 
defeat. "I would rather play weU and lose 
than play poorly and win. you don 't 
improve when you don't play well; you 
don't feel good about the match. I have 
no problem WInnIng agaInSt DIviSIon III 
players. To prepare for the ationals , I 
need to play against the tougher 
DIVISIon II and I opponents. even if It 
huns my record. At this poim in the 
season , playing better is more imponam 
than winning for me ." 

As one of the veterans of the Triton 
squad , Lisa Gtlbert claims to be In solid 

Gltnna Moses (above) and Melly Sani (right) are maintaining a pOSitive attitude this season. 

... 

oS 
oS: 
.( 

~ 
'" 
.2, 
1;-

" l! .., 
... 

mid-season form . "1 feel very good about 
my game right now." She plays the #4 
singles and is on the #2 doubles team 
for the Tritons. he continues, "I'm glad 
Liz (coach La Plante) put together a 
tough schedule for us. It will prepare us 
for the Nationals, even at the expense of 
nOl having the best record in the 
country. To me Nanonals are the most 
important part of the season. I think I 
will be ready." Like most athletes here at 
UCSD. GIlbert has the never-ending 
problem of budgeting time. "I \vish I 
could devote more time 10 tennis. I am 
fil1lshing school WIth somc difficult 
courses, holding down a bookkeeping 
Job WIth a petroleum company, playing 
on the tenms team and till find time to 
share with my husband-ro-be as we 
were recently engaged. I wish the day 
was 28 hours long." 

Playing mostly doubles recently, Brigid 
Rea has a similar problem 10 Gilben's. 
The flamboyant junior explains, "I am 
very involved in the Catholic Church. 
I'm the student coordinatOr for the local 
church. I try to keep kids interested in 
the church by organizing fun events for 
students. I'm also very involved in my 
studies." Rea is a Chemistry/ Eanh-
Science major. "This year I'm starting my 
upper division courses. They require a 
great deal more time than previous 
lower dIvision classes. The tennis team 
is also a big drain on my time. Between 
the three interests, much of my day is 
taken. but I don't mind that either." Rea 
plays doubles with MeUy Sani and they 
are currently the Tritons #3 team. They 
are playing well as they have become 
comfortable with each other. "We are 
both enthusiastic people. We are getting 
10 know each other's game well . Once 
Melly becomes even more aggressive, I 
think we will play even better. My main 
problem this season has been 
inconsistency. I am working to be morc 
patiem, and more consistent. BaSically, 
tho.~gh , I am pleased with the season so 
far. 

The newcomer on the Triton squad 

Thc women's tennis team has prOVided 
coach Liz LaPlante with some pleasant 
surpnses thus Jar this season . 

this season is Maude Morris. She is the 
only freshman that panicipates in match 
play for the Tritons. Maude plays the #6 
SIngles pOSition for the Tritons. Twelve 
matches into the season, she has some 
interesting observations about the jump 
from high-school and junior's tennis 10 
the college experience. "Tennis on the 
college level is much more challenging. 
Being on the team is like bei ng in a 
family. Coach is very positive and the 
other girls are great. I am, though, 
having a difficult time incorporating 
tenn is, studies and a social life into my 
schedule." Sufferi ng from inconsistency 
early in the season, Maude is getting her 
game together and appears to have a 
bright UCSD future . 

The experienced UCSD squad is near 
the top of its game and is showing 
improvement almost every time out. La 
Plante commented , "We have a great 
mental atti tude right now. Everyone is 
putting out 100%. Our returning AlI-
American doubles team (Akimoto and 
Vernon) is playing the best tennis they 
ever have. I hope our attitude and play 
wi ll continue right through to Nationals." 

The Tritons will be tested in their 
next hom.e matches this weekend . On 
Fnday, tough NAIA opponent Westmont 
visits UCSD. That match suns at 2 pm 
on the Muir courts, ~ 

n 

! 
... Q,. 

..: 

~ 
..t-
" I 

Lacrosse starts to prove themselves 

The teams to beat 
By GREG McCAMBRIDGE 

BOTH THE MEN'S and women's UCSD lacrosse teams saw a lot of action last weekend as the men 
split with UCLA and UCB and the 
women defeatcd Claremont. 

It was a busy weekend for Coach 
Kevin Pope and the men's lacrosse team 
as they faced UC rivals Berkeley and 
UCLA in back to back contests Saturday 
and Sunday. On aturday, the Tritons 
defeated Berkeley in a game that was 
nOt as close as the 17-16 score 
indicated Paced by Steve May's five 
goals and Phil johnson's three goals and 
three assists. UCSD came out firing and 
led at halftime , 12-3. Only injuries and 
several third period UCSD penalties 
allowed Cal a one-point victory. 

Despite their Impressive showi ng 
Saturday night, the Tritons squandered a 
7-5 lead late in the game and lost 10 
UCLA on Sunday, 9-7 . "It 's very tough to 
get up physically and mentally for a 
second game," explained Pope. "UCLA 
is not in Cal's class, but you need two 
or three days between these games 
because they are so physical." 

UCSD's record now stands at 4-2, 
their Other loss occuring under similar 
circumstances during a weekend trip to 
Arizona. Coming off an uplifting win 
over highly touted U of A, the Tritons 
blew a second half lead against a weaker 
ArIzona State team the following day. 

The Tritons are an intercollegiate club 
team and they play in the Southern 
Division of the Western Conference 

Lacrosse League , whIch includes the 
University of Anzona. Arizona tate , 
SDSU and Bngham Young Pope, who 
coached at Torrey Pines High School in 
Del Mar before taking over UCSD's tcam 
last year and guiding It to an 8-6 record. 
is optimistic about the team's chances 
this year. "LaSt year we reached all our 
goals by ha\~ng a WInning season and 
making the playoffs," said Pope , "but 
this year we are a much betler team. 

Sean Delaney (above), along with Steve 
May and Ph il Johnson, will lead the UCSD 
offense this season. 

ile 

Triton Pub: (/ to r, in bach) Gerald Collins, Cu rt is johnson, Craig Frazier, David 
Brue, Curtis Golsta. (I to r, in fro nt) Kenny Roy, Darrell Ellis. 

TRITON PUB 

Last Sunday night, Triton Pub met the String Musicians in what was 
expected to be one of the better men's AAA basketball games of the season. 
It matched the defending AAA champs against one of the better Pub teams in 
recent years. A large partisan Pub crowd turned out to watch their heroes 
completely dominate the game and cruise to a 50·30 victory. Strong inside 
play from Curtis Golsta and some key jumps from Craig Frazier helped the 
Pub jump out to an early lead and they never looked back. Kenny Roy 
quarterbacked the patient Pub offense with aU the skiD and poise of a 
seasoned veteran and would not allow the Musicians a chance to get back 
into the game. Triton Pub is now right in the "front row" of the AM standings 
and was last seen heading out for a couple of Lite beers . 

Amy Rogers added some offensive spark 
to the Tritons ' game last Saturday. 

We're still young, but we have everybody 
returning from last year." 

Co-captained by SCott Hill and Mike 
Corwin, the team IS led by offensive 
standouts Steve May, Phil Johnson and 
Sean Delaney; all-star mid -fielder ScOtt 
Simon; all·star defenseman Kirk 
Waterman; and goalie Glen Fisher. Pope 
also cited the performance of freshman 
mid-fielder Brian Silcott, "who 'has really 
staned to dominate" and the addition of 
sophomore mid-fielder Mike Chen, "who 
has really strengthened the thIrd line." 

"We definitely have a team that can 
move ahead and win." said Pope, who 
is ably aSSisted by former aval 
Academy star Ed Mappes. "This year we 
are in every game. We can beat any 
team, we proved that by beating U of A 
and Berkeley, both playoff quaner-
finalists last year. We match up well 
with every team we're going to play. Our 

Thursday, Feb. 28, 1985 13 

chances for the championship are as 
good as anybody's ." 

Despite a flOe record and an 
abundance of young talent, the lacrosse 
team does not enjoy the populanty or 
student suppOrt that other, bener known 
sports teams do. The Tritons face 
crosstown arch-rival San Diego State 
tomorrow night and Pope encourages 
students to trek over to the Aztec Bowl 
at 7:30 pm and give the team a look. 
"We had a great crowd Saturday night 
for the Berkeley game ," said Pope. 
"Lacrosse has the pete ntial to be the 
bIggest spectator sport on campus 
because the games are phYSIcal, high-
scorin)! and fast paced ." 

The women's la rosse team opened 
their season Saturday \vith a convincing 
viCtory over Claremont. Led by player-
coach Jane Griffith , the Tritons jumped 
out to a 6-0 halftime lead en route to an 
easy 7 -J WIn . In addItion to Griffith's 
four goals , UCSD was paced by Dana 
Compton , who scored twO goals and 
assisted on another, the stellar offensive 
play of attacker Amy Rogers and 
sparkling defenSive efforts by Sloan 
Turner and Karen Bergen. Griffith was 
particularly enthusiastic about the play 
of Turner, whom she refers to as "the 
key to the defense ." 

Unlike the men's program, the 
women have a junior varSity team. The 
]V's took it on the chin Saturday as they 
lost a hard-fought contest. 3-2. They did 
hold Claremont scoreless in the second 
half, however, due in pan to the effort 
of defensive standout Karen Laham. 

Griffith , a senior at SDSU who tOok 
over coachIng duties of the recreation 
club team midway through last year, 
says that "the team looks very, very 
good . We have a lot of returning players 
that are an asset to the younger players. 
Lacrosse has really been catc hing on 
lately." 

The women's team travels to Santa 
Barbara thIS weekend for a four team 
tournament. 

'fake a ...:!.~,~; ~~~ 
"morning break 
at"ctj)onal4's@-------.... 

Breakfast under $1.00 
Hot Cakes 

79¢ 

Sausage MCMUffin®r.:J$ 
with Egg .<: 

99¢ I· 
Egg 

McMuffin® 
99¢ 

Scrambled Eggs 
and Muffin 

89¢ 
Sausage 

McMuffin® 
89¢ 

From 6 am- lO:30 am Monday-Saturday 
from 7 am-lO:30 am Sunday 

),{(!tJo"jJltfjm 
.l{/ou. 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 



WOMEN 
STYLE CUT 

$12.50 
(reg. $25) 

DIRECTIONAl 
PERM 

(reg. $55) 

MEN 
STYLE CUT 

$10.00 
( reg. 518) 

HIGHLIGHTING 
$30.00 
( reg. $60) 

GOOD FOR ALL a.IENTS. 
ALL OFFERS EXPIRE 3-30-85. 

The invitation just said black tie. 
Thanks to your friends, 

you also wore a jacket and pants. 

Wh n none other than the Dean invites you to 
a black tie rec ption, what do you do? Start borrow-
ing: a jacket here (40 regular), a pair of pants there, 
and before you know it, you're looking pretty sharp. 

And when your fo rmal party is .~ . 
over, the re's another one you should ~ •• 
arrange. Making sure that each 
contributor to your wardrobe gets 
what he deserves in the form of a 
Lowenbrau. 

After all , isn't any friend 
worth a cummerbund, worth 
one of th world's fi nest bottles 

--.............. _1IIiI of beer? 

Lowenbrau.Here's to good friends. 

Durante's 
• - - ___ WITH THIS;'.[) _____ , 

I _ ~! 26 I 
: C{/ic .;togurl c.I'.flair. 
I frozen: 
: ~ogurt creations I 
I I 
I 2 ~ 1 I I I 
I IkIy one smell serving I 
I end get one FREEl • 
I I 

I • I • ~ AlSO HONOR ...u. • I 
: 'YOGJRT PARLOR COUflONS : 

I I 10)) Torrry Pines Rd. 1774 Gamet Avenue I 
I lit Hersc~ Pacific Beach I 

La Jolla 48,3.5-483 

LI 45+4869 Expire! March 5, 1985. I 
- - - -ONE PER OJSTO'.\ER- - - -I 

AnENTION 
THIRD COLLEGE 

STUDENTS: 
Applications 

are now 
being accepted 

for 
Council & AS. Rep. 

Apply in the Dean's Office 
by March 6, 1985. 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time &Moncv 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ CeNTeR 

"yn Rand Readers and ' students of 
~sm meetlng M!f'j Su~. II am-2 
pm. HclITlt S<Mngs at Nnerica. 4311 La.Jol/a 
Vl/~ DrIve, lkIiverslty Towne Centre. 
(3/14) 
VIolin, viola, prep A:>r 32 or just for f1Jn 
Indlvlci.laI or shared lessons. Helen Martin, 
457-()671. (6/61 
~ a F~ Ski Trip & 5100.00 cash. For 

I lhtbrmation call 714-7S<Hl861. (3/141 
Want to make at least S50/day 
wojlnterrupdng your srudIe. call anytime. 
Damon & Chirlning 942-5436. (3/111 
Lose from 10-29 Ills In just one month 
guarirlteed or your 5 back. call anytime, 
Damon & Chirlning 942-5436. (3/111 
FREE CONCERn K,ElLY W1UARD OF 
MMN<JATHI\ RECORDS Satur~ March 
9th 7:15 pm lkIlverslty City High School 
J\udltorklm. Sponsored ~ calvaly Chapel of 
La Jolla (Mission Bay/. 453-7397. (3/7/ 
Wonder v.tJat it's Nke to be irI Ernergerxy 
Room Pt¥ldirl, Nurse, Paramedic. or EMT7 
Bring a lunch irld c.ome nnd out this Friday, 
March I from 12-1 NorthC~Room­
MOSS from EDNA Refreshments. (2/28/ 
Party! Firl Cub & Umbo Slcm rod< you for a 
workout Sat. March 2 in the rec gpn. Get 
p¥ical wjZBT. (2/28/ 
FREEl Hairruts in exduslve La Jolla salon. If 
interested call "UREL SALON at 459-9610. 
13/11/ 

Intensive Summer Language: Try out a new 
language ci.lring the Monterey Institute of 
International Studies 31st summer of 
intensive Instruction. Elementary and 
intermediate classes in NabiC. Chinese. 
French, German, ltaliirl, JapirleSe. Koreirl, 
Portuguese, Russian irld Spanish. NIne-week 
program begins June 17 irld olfers up to 12 
semester units of college credit write MilS 
Mmissions/SSl, 425 Virl Buren, Monterey, 

~ 93940 for brochures irld application. 
(2/281 
Premiere of a nt!W student film ''Seeds of 
Revenge" Fri. Mar. 1st 7 pm at T\.}f 104. Freel 
(2/281 
Dana Hall does not present: The PuIl'l>S-
l.iIIe Sat. Mar. 2 9:00 Matthews8sktbllCts. Be 
There'" (2/28/ 
Revelle Sen iors : make graduation 
memorable. Be the student speaker. "flps. 
available In the Rev. DeClrJS orr. (2/28/ 
Commuter continental breakfast Fri. Marchi 
7:30-B:45 in the COITVIlJter Lounge. Only 75 
cents. Don't miss it. /2/28/ 

The Sill God doesn't present: The PuIl'l>S-
l.iIIe Sat. Mar. 2 9:00 Matthews 8sktb11 cts. Be 
Therell (2/28/ 
The last d"l to buy your .JJ\CKSON HOLE 
tideets is Mar. 8. Don't miss outl 5287 gets 
you 5-days of skiing. accoms .. trans .. and f1Jnl 
Mar. 23-30 is the date. For rrore info call 
x4037. RiSe OH's are TW 10-1. (2/281 
Nobo"" present: The Pu mps-Live Sat. Mar. 
2 9:00 Matthews BsktDlI Cu . Be therelll 
/2/2BI 

DIII.WIIII 
II"SS/kEYBD AMP. Exce//en~der 2-
Chirlnel/70 watts per. Groove tubes, 
ground switch. all grelt shape. 5200/offer. 
Mike 286-9825. (3/4/ 
Surfboards for salel 6 '4·' Downing Hawaii 
single no, 6· Becker twin lin, 575 each. Call 
457-4955. (2/281 
FOR SALE. Two surfboards, 5'10" Dove Trifin, 
$120. 6'CY' .NrwiNe5, 5140. call Matt 695-
8714. (2/281 
ForSa/e. 79 Toyota Crolla. 86,000 miles. call 
481-6941 evening or 452-3580- Kay days. 
53,000. (2/281 
"LV" Skateboardl Fun, reliable 
trirlSpOrtatlon. Runs ~/. 520 or best offer. 
call Matt 453-9254 War. Apts. (3/4/ 
Malat/irl Vacation: 5 nights & air w/sctooI 
trip. 5305 value A:>r 5275 000. Sue 755-5991 
or 4B3-3687. (2/28/ 
san/t!'Zone arcade video game. Excef/ent 
condition. 5200. 455-5898. (3/41 
"PP/e lie 90 col card w/128k. Need money 

bad~. "'*' 587-0534. (3/41 
1981 Mera."y Lynx. exit. cond, nt!W ~ 
ti'es, 68.000 mi. 52900. Edith 755-7543after 
5 pm. (3/41 
Sears Comrrutator II 'JYpewrIter $85. Nso 
6'1" single fin round pin. call Greg nights. 

25~8675. (3/41 
Chev. Nova, S600 IIrm. CIearl '70, 2 dr. 
auto/ps. Good transp. 459-6629. (2/28/ 
Men's sIds. sid boots. poles; all for sao only. 
call 693-8710 eve. (2/281 
Mountain Bike KHS expedition. new wheels, 
o-hauled. great condo 5330/0~. Wetsult 
$45. Rich 455-1074 eve. (2/28/ 
Ne you taking a class that uses UCSD 
CDrJllUters1 Do your homework at home. 
Terminal and modem: $4()(). No Installation 
necrssay. Please call: Steve or Gonz at 452-
7469 arter 9 pm. (2/281 
81 Honda Passport. 120 mpg; 45 ,.,.m; 
excellent conct parking permit ttYu 6/85; 
perfect student trans. For only $4 SO. call 
Scott at 450-0620. (2/281 
Westbend one man rower. Uke new. Mk for 
Karen at 944-1594 nights are best. 12/28/ 

Fern needed to share large msu bdrm-
spacious conOO. U VI~.-ea. pooI.jacuul .. 
. great erMronmentl Only SI82.50H Call !!YeS. 
450-0155. Robin. ~. Julie. (2/281 
Roommate needed tbr roge Mission Beach 
apt. S200 & utll. 2 houses from beachl 
"vailable now. Call 483-1383. (3/7/ 
Housemate Wirlted to share large two story 
house In U.c. Mlcrowalle, T.v. and laundry 
fadlltles avail. Cleirl non-srrokers only 
please. 5235/rro. 453-1997. Please ieave 
message. (2/28/ 
Own room in uxury mndo ~ Ralphs avail. 
,&,prill. Call Sabina at 4SO-9801 (nonsmkr plsl. 
S3SO & 1/2 uti/. (3/41 
Roommate needed: quiet. nonsrroking male. 
UK area. 5150/mo. Call Long 286-9238 or 
Kat~, Ulla 4SO-0328. (3/41 
Needed Immediltely. I male roommate to 
share room. Rent 5200 near campus. Call 
457-4744 after 5 pm. (2/ 28) 
Share master bcIrm in a LNlL condo. Close to 
school. "" the extras. 5230 a month plus 1/4 
utilities. Call eves. 452-7372. /2/281 

~Hmmllll i ll 
AIRLINES HIRING, 5/4 - S39,OOOI 
Stewardesses, ReservatJonlstl WorldlNldel 
call for Guide. Direaor. Newsletter. 1-916-
944 4444 x UC~R. (2/281 
"ttendant A:>r disabled male on night. L"-
Vlerw, Apf./M2IY. Good p~. 714/621-2314 
eves.l2/281 

Rusty Pelican Restaurirlt. 4340 La Jolla 
V111age Dr. accepting applications. "PPIy In 
person 9:30-5 daily. (3/4/ 
PMT-TIME WAITRESSES. North County 
care. 753-5411 between 2 & 6 dally. f3/41 

CRUISESHIPS HIRING. 516-530,0001 
caribbean. Hawaii, World. call A:>r GUide, 
Directory, Newsletter. 1-916-944-444 x 
UCSDCRUISE. (2/28/ 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I p/dcup & deliver. Mctj 
Laurence 279-8056. (3/141 
Burke Seaedrlal~ality typIngI Spelling 
correct-Rush jobs spedally/Flexlble hrs. La 
Jolla. 457-3842. (3/141 
TYPING/WORO PROCESSING: many type 
styles to choose from. spelling irld 
punc%Uatlon errors corrected, pide-up and 
dellveIy, QualIty 1NOrk. F. .... snll S2/page 
(double spacedJ. call Interattllie Micro 
Systems at 452-9949. (3/11/ 
EXPERT TYPING. word Processing & Tape 
Trans~tIon. Reasonable rates. The Key 
Word. 45~5818. /3/141 

8urke Seaetarlal~ity typingl Spelling 
correct-Rush jobs spedally/FIexlble hrs. La 
Jolla. 457-3842. (3/14/ 
Housesltting. Will sit tlr prof. going on leave 
for I mo. pkJs. Xlnt. refs. Davld-225-6995, 
226-4318. (3/14/ 
Typing/Word Processing-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush 
jobs accepted. (3/4/ 
Super typing. Spelling corrected. Acrurate 
and hI~uallty. Same ~ service. 16 yrs. 
expo Near UCSO. Call Fer)' 452-1393. (3/7/ 
Mobile mechirllc. Low student rates. call 
Ride 753-6100. (2/28/ 
Top Orawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts . Student rates . Word 
processing. Diane 481-4160. /6161 

First draft to completed paper. 
wordprocesslng is the way to go. 
Experienced. Good rates. 4SO-1509. (2/28/ 

INSURlWCE WARI We·II beat arry price or 
we don't Wirlt your business. ndcets, 
acddents, sports cars, good aiver/student 
dscounts: all weloome. Call 286-1135. 
Request UCSD PlAN. (3/141 
La Jolla ~tro Services. Malysls of ali 
prospects ot your relationship. call 456-
0626. (3/18/ 
Hey Jade and Jill- Thinking about a career in 
the Emergency Medical ServIces? Bring a 
lunch irld check it out. This Fri. March I. 12-1, 
North Conference Room- in the Student 
Center. Refreshments served. (2/281 
\Mlo has the most beautirul blue eyes in 
bullclng 311 know who ... and so ooes she. 
(2/28/ 
/Ve you reactj to Party7 Get Physical w/ZBT 
Sat March 21n the ree gym. Be therel (2/2BI 

The Koala does not present: The Purrps-l.iIIe 
Sat Mar. 2 9:00 Matthews Bsktbll Cts. Be 
Therellll /2/28/ 

Hold on loosely, but oon't let gJ ... I' you 
cling to tightly, you're gonna lose control . .. 
(2/28/ 
" big thirlks to the wild boys of Phi Cappa 
Theta from USD for the f1Jn time at thejunglel 
lIN "OTT. (2/281 
.JKKSON HOL£ tideets are still available. 
Just 5287 at the box omce. Trip inc. lifts, 
acc.oms., and trans. plus lots of xtrasl Um/ted 
space left. So buy now! For more InA:> x4037. , 
Marctl 23-30. (2/281 
Looldng tlr Barbara-Blo-Chem '"'11. I 
believe. The CDr1IIerSatlon her~ on the slopes 
at Monarch Is not the same. If you are so 
indined-please write: Ron Soaps, 10440 st. 
Hwy 83. Co. Sp .• Co. ~3699. (2/281 
Ken D.-I'd like to get to know you better 
thirl just otIIce hours. How about dinner 
some time1--K.P. (2/28/ 
PIZZA. AAMA RMM PIZl" PIZZA. ~ 
AAM4. PIZZA. The one the ontyl Seeyou at the 
AAM4. W~ of FIIIW.S woeek 5-8 pm 
cathoHc Lounge. 13/14/ 

Dear Daniel Everet Butcher, cassar'ICi"a. 
Sebastiirl and I hope you MIe a superior 
birthday. We value the acquaintancl! of 
someone with sudl good taste in friends. 
Love, MM (2/28/ 
Dear .Jessica, Hope you MIe a super B-diIy. 
Love, Monica irld Hilary. (2/28/ 
SECRET ,#,OMIRER: The flower was ~, but 
take ~ alMce; don't waste your time. she's 
already mine. LESlIE'S BOYFRIEND. (2/281 
Does one week of spring skiing sound 
xdting1 How bout one week rJ endless 
partying? Or ~ you Wirlt a week of 
relilldng? Jackson Hole, Mar. 23-30 Is the 
place you wirlna be. Just S287 at box off. or 
x4037. (2/28/ 
I like mirrors on the ceiNng and pink 
champagne on ice. I hate Reag.YI. UCSD is a 
p/"fSdlool. Long live Ganzo, Marc pay the 
phone bill. Does cocaine affect ~ brain? 
(2/281 
~ha I<:Ne to lorelei MdI Sherry Dawn !DrI 
Sharolyn Na"<¥ Laura Joirlne Pam & Christyl 
You're halt W"f there. The best Is ~ to 
cometl We Io\Ie you all-your nt!W J\OII 
sisters xoxo. (2/28/ 
\Mlo cares who presents: The PUrrps-lJve 
Sat. Mar. 2 9:00 Matthews BsJct!ll1 Cts. Be 
Therell (2/28/ 

~WHtJMfil 
Lost: Mink (fIJrry/ glasses case. on Muir or 
Third Co/lege. Reward of'lered. Call would be 
appreciated. 481-6746. (3/41 
Found: Cross pen on Monday. Call 450-2189 
to identify. (2/28) 
Lost. blue wallet irld checkbook. Please call 
with info. It has personal belongings. Sue, 
755-5991. 483-3687. (3/71 
Lost: beige checkbool<-siled wallet and royal,. 
blue ctlecJc:book on Wednesday, Feb. 20. If 
found, please return. Call SuZirlnatl 453-
6014. (3/71 
Lost: old G&S skateboard at Ree. G)m 2 
weeks ago. No sentiment value, no relNard. 
Call Matt 587-0998. (317/ 
A red wallet with black end stripes. Lost on 
Muir Campus. Rewardl. Call 453-9913 
George. 13/7/ 

Lost: brown tool case w/copier manuals. 
Very Importirlt call 452-2377 or 698-0958. 
Rewardl Ask for Rich. (2/281 
Lost: perscriptJon hornrlm turtleshell glasSes. 
3:00 Frl. Bet PH108 & Arrp. ReINard. 520.00 in 
one piece. (3/7/ 



.. 

~ 

16 Thlmdtlv, Fl'Il 2 , 1985 

__ -r======~~~ ____ ~T~H~I~S~INTRAMURAL ' ======~~B~U=D=P=A=G]EiI~S~F~O~R~Y~O~U~! ____ ~· 
STARTS TODAY! 

SOCCER RATING S AS OF 2/ 25 
cOEDAA 

MEN'S AM 
Do ' nt Meg W ' h 
Homa 2-0-2 It Us 3-0-0 
PARS 1-0-3 
upremex 3-1-0 

R 01 Brothers 1-0-2 
evenge of th 

Hw~e[ William 3-0-0 
a audl & Th Goofs 2-0-0 e 7 Deadly 3-0-1 

Hot Guac 2-0-1 
i~~~% Kicks 3-0-0 
K' k Airheads 2-1-0 

1 
2 
3 
of 
5 
6 
7 
8 

Any & The e obs 1-0-1 
Earl's Ball KCkau aSians 1-2-0 

IC ers 1-2-0 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 

IC Tho e B II 
Wolfpack 2-/ s 2-1-0 ' 
Tleffrot II 1-1-1 
Meggers 0-1-1 

MEN'SAA 
Liverpool 3-0-0 
tuds Again 3-1-0 

Webeass K k 

COED A 
1 SI Xty N 2 F mers II 4 0 0 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 

Ha IC ers 1-0-3 
C rpooners 3-1-0 
Mold Bone 1-0-2 J/j".~ 
Meg Manta 3-1-0 

3 D~h Ce ks 3-0-0 -
4 n arlos E One Throu h xpress 3-0-0 ~ Ghandl's G~ar;h~ Legs 3-0-0 
7 The Dud es 4-1-~ -0-0 

anchester U 
Herpes the OIted 2-1-0 
Boy George ~ve ~ug 1-0-0 
crew In St d saslOators 2-1 0 

u s 0-0-3 -

Kick Th 8 Don'[ La~sehBalls 4-1-0 
9 "Th g We'll G J 10 . IS IS Our Ye .. et obs 2-0-1 

Kick Me 3-1-0 ar 2-0-1 

MEN'S A 
Pipette Stars 5-0-0 
Head It In 4-0 0 
A Shot In Th -

WOMEN A 

W
The Better Half 2-1 0 

arren's W -

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 

Alibaba & The Dark 3-0-0 ~irang 3-0-1 e 40 Thieves 2-0-0 
ouch POta toe , ~7aorp Dressed ~~~v2enge 2-0-1 

1 
2 
3 
4 

Mud 1-1-0 omen 1-0-0 
Muller's M aulers 0-2-0 

DORM A 
. . . Nara 4 1 -0-0 

B' - -0 
RIg Heads 2-0-1 

owdies 1-0-1 

1 
2 
3 
4 

Dead ewts 3-0 
M-Bullding 3-O-~ 
The Do b Pedro' rmp usters 3-0-0 

s Unters 3-0-1 

THE BUDMAN'S POWER POLL 
POWER 

DIVlSION RECORD 
RATING 

TEAM 
1. Smoke\esS Buds 

Men 5-10 6-0 
96 .71 

MenMA 
5-0 

95.55 

2. We'll Get the Calls MenM 
6-0 

94.02 

3 . La Machine coed 
6-0 

94 .00 

4 . On The Rebound coed 
6-0 

92 .85 

5 . 1nterCoUeglates MenM 
5-0 

91.27 

6 . 1KE 
Men A 

5-0 
89 .86 

7 . Swamp 
MenMA 

4- l 
88.74 

8 . TntOn Pub MenMA 
4-1. 

87 .23 

9 . BoX Lunch Men 5-l0 
6-0 

87 .2l 

10 . Bet The Ranch Men AA 
5-0 

6.49 

11 . Raoul 
Men A 

6-0 
85 .82 

12. 
tOP Making Sense Women's 

5-0 
85 .01 

13. Team X 
Men A 

6-0 
4 .76 

14. MizzoU 
MenM 

4-1 
83 .22 

15 . ufe After High School M\!n MA 
4-1 

82.65 

16. Manson Family Men 5-10 
5-0 

82.59 

17 . F\Ve Guys amed Moe MenM 
4-1 

82.07 

18. White Man's Disease Men A 
6-0 

81.79 

19 . Brew BroS. MenM 
6-0 

80 .61 

20 . Bazooka Joe's Men AAA 4-1 
80 .52 

21. PartY Anlma\s Men AA 
5-1 

80 .49 

22 . Michael J in a Mercedes Men A 
6-0 

80 .23 

18. One Eyed Genera\s oed 
5-0 

79 .94 

19 . Kareem-Em 
Coed 

5-1 
78 .89 

20 . cocaine 

SUPERSTARS 
With defending champion and 

s hool rccordh lder Steve Losh in 
dryo k with an injured \eg, a host 
of ta\ented point-hungry campus 
athletes takc dead aim at the UCSD 

Brugman bring the top past 
performance into this year's 
competition with a 5703 mark, 
with Thomas (5504) , asil (5477), 
and Roche (5334) close behind. 
Two individual event record-
holders Games Martin , 346-lb 
bench presser and field goal kicker uper tars tide this afternoon on Muir Flcld a the 10th annual 

compe tition begins another 
chanenging, bone-weary run . 

Jay Brugman, Dave Vasil , ChriS 
Thomas, and D ug Riche \ine up as 
the early favorites in this year's 
competition , but before it' s 
through aU of them will have been 
pushed to the hmit by not only the 
angry point tables, but by a list of 
unsung newcomers who are taking 
the challenge for the first time. 

Losh, whose injury in an off-
season autO accident, will prevent 
hi m from defending his 
championship, established an aU-
time high standard in Superstars 
'84 with a tremendous 6086 point 
tota\. \n the nine year history of the 
event only four competitors have 
ever eclipsed the 6000 point 
mark .. , with three of them making 
it last year (LosH, Ed Novak, Randy 
O'Hara). 

Vic Skvarna) are both back again 
also in their annual attempt to 
improve their marks . Martin and 
Skvarna were also tOP finishers last 
year with 5000 plus totals. 

For the uninitiated, the UCSD 
Supe rstars event involves 
decathalon type competition m a 
variety of different sportS eventS 
which include: 60-yard dash, 
weightlifting, field goal kicking, 
bowling, softball throw, 50-yard 
f reesty\e, basketban , softbaH 
hitting, high jump and mile run . 

The competition takes place 
over four days (Thursday through 
Sunday). Late entries are still being 
accepted through Thursday 
afternapn. All competitors should 
report to Muir Fie\d at 3:)0 pm this 
afternoon for the first event of the 
competition (oo-yard dash) . 

HAWAIIAN FOOTBALL PlAYOFF SCHEDULE ~u?a~~e ItoFbedP\ayed this Friday, March 1 at Muir Field . Winners advance to the 
a lYUW , n ay ... March 8. 

4 pm TKE Specimens (3-1) vs . UC D Mihtants (4-0) 
Tacky Touri (3-1) vs, Bunch of Good LCIS (3-1) 
TKE (4-0) vs. Sixty-Three and Six (2-2) 
Watch the Long One (4-0) vs. Blood On Your Mustache (2-2) 

.. y.o. IUD 

YOU: 





Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
HRIS YOUNG 

Contributina Editoni 
ITHAN FEER T . JOAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH· t'1\'Pt' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN. RODDY 
SOGAWA. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC.)OHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEP HENSON 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Advertiaina: 452-3466 

Hlacus is published every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDiAN . Reproduct-ion 
or use without written 
!Xrmission of an y portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited It'"t'rs. 
manuscripts. and artwork. but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016. La Jolla. CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Artist Tami 
Grayson's work conveys her 
attitude toward society'S 
changing vision of women. 
Story on page 3. 

Duane Hanson . . .. page 2 
The world famous sculptor 

will be discussing his 
hyperrealist work at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemp-
orary Art on Tuesday. 

'Sunday' .......... page 5 
French director Bertrand 

Tavernier's Sunday in the 
Country vividly portrays a day 
in the life of an elderly artist. 

Grammy8 ......... pale 6 
Tina Turner and Lionel 

Richie were the big winners at 
the 27th Annual Grammy 
Awards held Tuesday. 

Going8 on page 7 

Cover photo by John Ashlee 

Its not just 
a man's world 

anymore. 

CROWN INTEJlNII.TIONAL PICTURES !'men .. 
II. MA1UMARIl PRODUCTION "TOMlIOr 
IIW'rUlg BETSY RUSSELL • JERltT DINOME 

KRISTI SOMERS · RICHARD ERDMAN· PllILlPSTERUHG 
I'n>d1Ieed by MARILYN J. TENSER eo..,.-r MICHAEL D. CASTLE 

DUected by HElUII'REED Screenplay by BEN ZELlG DiNct .... of i'boI09nphy DANU:L TAIIUSSI 
Mwdc Supem.iorl by MICHAEL LLOYD Edded by RICHARD &. WESTOVER 

_ ........ _.......... CoIorbyDeI"":&~.~~~.matic>aal Pict».no.Ie'" E.3 
IRI • .. • .. A I -.:. .~:'=. 

-------STARTS TOMORROW --------
Pacific's CENTER Cinemas 

~8 al Stadium Way 
Mission Valley' 297-1888 
12:50. 250. 450. 6:50. 8:50. 1050 

Mann SPORTS ARENA 6 
3350 SpOrts Arena Blvd • 223-5333 
1:00. 3.00. 5.00. 7.00. 9:00 

UACINEMAS 
Parkway Plaza. EI CajOn • 440'()306 
12:15. 210. 4.1Xi. 6:1Xi. 8:10. 1~10 
.lIT CAROUSEL Cineml 6 
1868 casl Valley Parkway. 
Escondido • 480·4666 
5:30. 7.30. 9:30 
SANTEE TWIN D,IY~n 
10990 WoodSide. Santee' 448-744 7 
ap., 6:15/SIa!f 7:00 

2 Hi4tw Feb. 28, 1985 

Plciflc 's SWEETWATER 6 Theatres 
Town & Counlry ShOpptng Cenler 

~805 at Sweetwater Rd . • 474·8571 
t2.3O. 2.25. 4;20. 6:25. 6:15. 10-10 
AMe WIEGAND PI.AZA 6 
220 North EI Camino Real. Encinitas • 942·5544 
fit 5:45. 9:55/SaI: t2.45. 2.45. 5:45. 8.00. 9:55 

MIRA MESA Cinema. 
81 18 Mira Mesa Blvd . • 566-1912 
ftI: MXl. 9:10/Sat & Sun: 1:00. 4.15. 7:30 
BIJOU Theat,e 
51h & G. Downlown • 235-6084 
Open Noon. Continuous All Nl9hl. 

SOUTH BAY DriY~n 
2170 Coronado AVB .• Imperial Beach 
423·2727 • OpenS .30IStar17 :00 

Duane Hanson, internationally recognized sculptor of life-like, life-size, 
hyperrealist figures of American middle-class citizens, speaks at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art Tuesday, March 5, at 8 pm. 

Hanson will discuss Hyperrealist Sculpture'" Duane Hanson, touchins on 
his concern for form and faulty distortions, his use of models and his 
desire to express his feeling of empathy and sympathy for the subject of 
the work. "I portray through their weariness and despair ," the artist says. 

Born in Alexandria, Minnesota, Hanson received his BA from 
Macalester College, St. Paul, Minnesota, and his MFA in 1951 from 
Cranbrook Academy of Art, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. He lived in 
Germany during the late 1950s and now makes his home in Florida. He 
has exhibited. various forms of his sculpture since 1946 in museums 
throughout the United States and Europe. 

Tickets go on sale at 7 pm the night of the show for $3. 

-----

.. _- ---- - UCSD THEATRE presents 

BatTie Keeffe'S 
outTageous comedy 

Frozen 
Assets . 

MARCH 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 &. 16 
Mandell Weiss Center 

for the Performing Arts 
$5 • 452 .. 4574 

Tickets available at 
Weiss Center Ticket Office 

UCSD Student Center Box Office 
and Ticketron. 

- ---- - - - -- -

- - -- - -

Looking beyond 
the boundaries 
of a tWoman' 

""''''011 .,.Ie cu&t for _ 'U (Itg. '/8) 
,.UIoII ..... cll&t fw _ "01"4 '13) 1Jj,.,..,.., ".,.. $25 (reg. ,«1) Sc"1f*IIe1l ,..,Is (ltd' SCI) U' (reg. 1«1) 
~'Cllre. ".l1l'i 'Ulreg. 118) Cell."..,.. '15 (ttg. '1') 

OM /tow,.,., _ U. (reg. U5) 
ORe Ito", • .. _ W (. $Jj) 

Sp«IMIJU I" bllrclC 1Yi, 
.4 flAil .tIII« »1011 

76011 U"dI ~.". RtI. II'fe» Cotl. Dt'. ~ ''''1 ~5 
I'IeIII MlOII l(rJrrMrfl/ U.IoIIs Curti", Co.) 7'7 I'utf St..1s JoIIs 

fH-II70 fH-/'U 

Ulitll Ml Ulitll .ICW 

Personal and a"uric intqTity aTe the foau of Tami Grayson's worlc. 

By CHRIS YOUNG 
Tami Grayson is like a silhouetted 

figure; quiet and simple from a 
distance, but intensely complicated 
up close. She spends as much as ten 
hours a day working on her 
paintings, trying to resolve the 
conflict between her personal vision 
of the world and the vision she has 
been shaped by her environment to 
see. She is trying to evolve both 
forwards and backwards at the same 
time; forwards in her life towards a 
new vision of people in relation to 
the ea~, and backwards in her art 
towards a pre-formal sensibility 
from which a new vision can arise. 

Tami is trying to re-think the 
accepted standards of society 
towards women; trying to re-vision 
what a woman can be. She is making 
the move from form to formlessness 
in her art which she wishes could 
occur in life. The formlessness is 
possibility. Without form there is no 
social definition and thus no 
boundaries to confine an individual. 
Tami is trying to open an avenue of 
untried possibility to the viewer, 
pushing one to recognize the 
different directions in which our 
minds can move. 

Abstraction is a new method of 
expression for Tami, begun only this 
quarter.. She turned to abstraction 
partly through a desire to de-
beautify and de-formalize her 
expressions, and partly through a 

sensitivity to the directions in which 
the materials she uses were pushing 
her. Preserving the integrity of the 
materials which she uses is very 
important to Tami; she strives to pay 
tribute to their personal character. 
Each bit of cloth or paint she uses has 
its own artistic integrity and it is not 
the job of the artist to subjugate that 
integrity to make a separate artistic 
statement. Rather, Tami wants to 
combine the artistic strength of 
different materials and textures onto 
one canvas, accommodating the 
personalities of the materials and her 
own personality. 

T ami is trying to document a 
process of shedding the skin of one's 
environment. The content of her 
work is a search for a new definition 
of her self, a search for knowledge 
and a search for a light which she 
feels underlies all the forms her 
reality takes. Tami does not pretend 
to understand the relationship 
between things around us, and it is 
this unknown variability which 
excites her. In her work she is re-
becoming herself at every moment, 
opening the possibilities of 
expression as she works in a stream-
of-consciousness method. 

Making art is a constant battle in 
which Tami's mind is working both 
for her and against her. Her life 
creating her art and her art creating 
her life. 

~II ~~ lit ... 
A Ropes Course 
"THE ROPES COURSE .. ... WHAT IS IT? An action oriented 
HIGH! Full of laugllter. challenge and rediscovery of personal 
resources ... Your day begins at 9:00 am. 629 Third Street , 
Encinilas. California where you will meet the rest of the group for 
the beginning of a thnlh ng adventure. You then progress to an 
obstacle course nestled in a beaut iful forest 5 miles from the sea. 
There you will experience a graduated series of elements that sta rt 
wilh trusl.buildi.ng and cooperalion and culmlnale In daring (eats 
wllh ropes hIgh In the trees. Your safety is al all limes assured b. ' 
certified Ropes Course Inslruclors and Ihe finesl eqUIpment The 
course IS challenging. more so menlall), than physicall), - as you 
are offered " risk opporlunities" to try Ihings you have never done 
before and rediscover resources forgotten . "Growth moments' are 
posili'·e . suddetl . enjoyable and guaranlted . 

Saturday. March 9 8:30-4:30 pm S55 
Sign up and details at x4007 

Canyonview Administrative Otfices 
Deportment 01 Phvslcol Education 



THIRST QUENCHERS 
ON HAND 

SAT. MARCH 2 
UCSD REC. GYM 

9 pm -1 am 

WITH TWO HOT BANDS 
LIMBO SLAM 

a 
FAN CLUB 

$2 TICKETS AVAILABLE AT THE BOX OFFICE 

Hit your 
stride with 
Northern 
Telecom 
... our Santa Clara division wants you in the race! 
The race is telecommunications, and we 're leading the pack. We're Northern Telecom , the largest supplier of 
fully dig ital telecommunications systems in the world. If you like being on the winning team , let's talk . Our 
Business Communications Systems Division and our research and development lab, BNR, are coming to 
campus soon . If you are a graduating winner with the right degree, we offer a world of possibilities to help 
you hit your stride in the following careers: 

• Test Engineers • Systems Programmer/Analyst 
• Software Engineers • Electronic Engineers 
• Mechanical Engineers • Industrial Engineers 
• QA Field Engineers • Manufacturing Engineers 
• Materials Specialists • Marketing Specialists 

Northern Telecom offers rewarding careers with the opportunity to enter the exciting telecommunications 
industry. Our highly competitive compensation and benefits package includes auto and legal insurance, a 
Thrift Savings plan , 100% educational assistance ... and a 24-hour Employee Fitness Center in Santa Clara. 
If you can 't meet us on campus, please leave your resume with the Placement Office or send it to: 

.. Hiatlu Feb. 28, 1985 

Northern Telecom 
Professional Staffing 
Dept. 1231 
2305 Mission College Blvd. 
Santa Clara, CA 95054 

An equal opportunity employer, M/ F/ H. 

We hire talent 

,4. l1ufthcm 
." tCICCUI11 

J 

Movies 

The right 
time of 
the day 

By RONAHU 
"Old age is a very gentle slope, but 

even at the bottom of a very gentle 
slope, the pebbles suddenly begin to 
roll terribly fast." What kind of life 
docs one lead when one is 
approaching death? How does one 
resolve a ca reer, deal with one's 
family, and find some meaning for it 
all? In Sunday in the Country, a film by 
Bertrand Tavernier, we follow an 
aging painter through one .day in a 
life that has little time left in it, Based 
on the novel Monsieur Ladmiral Va 
Biencot Mourir by Pierre Bast (from 
which the above quote was taken), 
the film brings up questions about 
age, art. love and death, but lets the 
viewer seek out his or her own 
answers. The result is a richly 
photographed work almost 
completely devoid of action in the 
conventional sense; a "moving 

The ewr so hoppy Louis DucreaNX CIS the aging anise in Bem-and T awmier's awarci-winning film "Sunday in the Country." 

soon. 

( -picture" with the emphasis on the 
second word. 

lifelessly-polite visit. This particular 
Sunday, however, the artist's 
daughter, Irene, has decided to whirl 
by, like a gust of wind, to see her dear 
old papa. There is the predictable 
resulting jealousy as son Edouard 
realizes that his weeks of dutiful 
patronizings cannot match thecharrn 
of one of Irene's smiles. And there is 
the sense of quiet sadness that 
Monsieur Ladmiral feels when Irene 
leaves. with the possibility that they . 
may never see each other again. 
None of these conflicts is forced to 
resolution; there is only the close of a 
long day, with the nagging reminder 
that Monsieur Ladmiral will, as the 
title of the book reminds us, die very 

The 73-year-old Louis Ducreux 
has a marvelously expressive face 
and a quiet non-acting that suits the 
role well. His Monsieur Ladmiral 
can never quite resign himself to the 
fact that he can no longer walk to the 
train station in ten minutes; nor can 
he convince himself that the train is 
consistently early or that, as his 
housekeeper suggests. "the road is 
longer now." Ducreux's character 
carries the movie. As his daughter, 
Sabine Azema is a little too 
predictable and pat. What with her 
white lace dresses, fabulous hats, her 
poodle named Caviar and her noisy 
new motorcar, Irene is all fluff and 

The plot is rather simple. The 
elderly artist, played by Louis 
Ducreaux, lives in a country house 
with a sympathetic housekeeper. 
memories of his dead wife and room 
after room of safe, mediocre 
paintings. Every Sunday, his faithful 
but stodgy son brings along his 
equally stodgy wife and family for a 

USP 12 

USP 117 

USP 118 

USP H6 

USP 151 

USP 114 

Looking For Some fxdkmmt In Your Life? 
Try An Urban Studies 

And Planning Course 

Opm For EnroUmmt 
To All Students, Spring 1985 

INTRODUCTION TO URBAN PlANNING: An introduction to .he 
field of city planning with an emphasis on the design of cities, hoUSing, 
land use, transportation and other functional aspects of city 
organization. Slide shows and discussion of the San Diego-Tijuana 
region enhance lectures. Tues.-Thurs. 2:3.0-3:50 (Herzog) TLH 107. 
TECHNOLOGY AND OnES: An introduction to the economic and 
technological problems associated with the provision of crucial urban 
services, including energy, water, transportation. MWF (Stem) 10:00-10:50. 
POVERTY IN URBAN AMERICA: Investigation, through lectures and 
discussion of the primary causes of poverty in urban America, the 
social, psychological and political consequences for society, and 
attempts to alleviate poveny during the past half century. WF 11:30-
12:50 (Gay) TCHB 141. 
CASE STUDIES IN HEALTH CARE: Discussion and lectures on the 
incidence of diseases and health problems for selected urban 
population groups , and the political and legislative measures needed to 
provide care. Tues.-Thurs. 11:30-12:50 (Brody) MCC 124. 
SOCIAL-PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF BLACK IDENTITY: An 
examination of Afro-American culture and the social conditions that 
foster personality formation. Tues. -Thurs. 10:00-11 :20 (Thomas) HL 
1148, 

URBAN DESIGN: This course will stress the elements of urban design 
as understood within the architecture profession. Students will do 
structural desi~n exercises. using the San Diego region as a laboratory, 
to learn the pnnclples of an urban design plan, and the forces at work in 
shaping San Diego's future design . Thurs. 10:00-1:00 (Maninez) TCHB 
141. 

• 

flightiness, a ray ot sunshine with no 
substance. It is only when we are 
allowed past her bubble laughter that 
we are given the slightest hint of a 
more complex being: her prodding 
for her father to experiment with 
new styles of painting, her tearful 
and breathlessly angry phone calls to 
a secret lover in Paris. 

Tavernier won best director at this 
year's Cannes Film Festival, and 
Sunday in the Country has since won a 
stack of other awards in both the 
United States and its native France 
(it is, by the way, subtitled in 
English). You have very little time 
left to catch it at the Cove Theatre in 
La Jolla. 

EXCLUSIVE SAN DIEGO ENGAGEMENT! 
ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE! 

BEST PICTURE 
(Feature Documentary) 

NARRATED BY 
MARTIN SHEEN \'t\t 

," ~~t ~(),\.E o~ , Produced .. D,rected 
11)1 SAN DIEGO Fllm"",k<~ 

EI SaIv.dor .. : An affeclIng porualt ... 
• hutl1ln drama .. - S F. CHRONICLE 

STARTS MARCH I - 1:30 3:30 5:30 7309.30 

• ;Qj 
1630 VIA DE LA VALLE . DEL MAR ., 
________ 2~~L ___ _ 

UCSD STIJDENT SPECIAL 
52 00 REGULAR EVE ADULT PRICE 

. OFF WITH THIS AD 

RGEN 
Research Donors 

Needed 
Current developments in 
biomedical technology 
demand your plasma. 

Payment up to $II or moM, In cci.h 
Haw you hod: 

Hepatitis. Active syphilis 
Active measles 

Recent rubella immunization 

0, are you a: 
RH negative woman 

(non-child bearing age) 
Call for Information: 

226-1733 

Trlmar BIO~ICS 
3340 Kemper Street, Su te 104 

(Just off Midway Drive) 

Feb, 28, 1985 Hia,," 5 

-



GrallllllYS '85: Big titne 
for SOllle old-titners 

By ANDREW KEELER 
It was a big night for two veteran 

performers-one making an amazing 
comeback, the other enjoying 
continued success-at the 27th 
Annual Grammy Awards Tuesday 
night in Los Angeles . 

Tina Turner captured three 
awards, including the prestigious 
Record of the Year award for her 
single "What's Love Got to Do 
With ft. .. She was easily the favorite 
choice of the audience, performers 
and press. 

Master of Ceremonies John 
Denver jokingly called her "the 
woman God put on this Earth to 
teach other women how to dance in 
high-heel shoes." 

"I'm so proud of Tina. She has 
been a hero of mine for so long," said 
Cyndi Lauper, who walked away 
with the Best New Artist award. 
Lauper was parading around with 
her mother and her new bodyguard, 
the enormous wrestling champion, 

Hulk Hogan. 
Lionel Richie had a sensational 

1983 but was overshadowed Last 
year by Michael Jackson's record-
breaking performance. This year he 
took home two of the top honors. 
His Can't Slow Down won Album of 
the Year, and he tied with David 
Foster (Chicago '7) for Producer of 
the Year. 

Unlike the past few years, the 
awards were distributed without any 
one artist stocking up . Many 
observers thought Prince might 
sweep, but he came up with only 
three, including Best Rock Group 
Vocal, Best R&.B Song (he wrote 
Chaka Khan's "I Feel For You") and 
Best Soundtt.ack for Purple Rain . In 
his usual aloof manner, he avoided 
the press and did not even stay for 
the end of the program. 

1984 was the year rock took 
control of the otherwise shmaltzy 
National Academy of Recording 

Uorael Richie and Tina T"meT Nul plemy CO smile about at cite GTammy Awards. 

Arts and Sciences . Bruce 
Springsteen was in attendance and 
won the award for Sest Male Rock 
Vocalist, Phil Collins received Best 
Male Pop V (Xalist, and some of the 
fearured presenters included Sammy 
Hagar and Dee Snider of Twisted 
Sister. 

"I'm the first dirtbag on the 
Grammys," boasted Snider 
backstage. "IfI ever win one of these, 
boy do I have an acceptance speech." 

Among the other winners were 
Chaka Khan, Billy Ocean, Black 
Uhuru, David Bowie, Randy 
Newman, Chicago, the Pointer 
Sisters, "Weird Al" Yankovic, and 
composer Leonard Bernstein, who 
won the Lifetime Achievement 
Award. 

Even MichaelJackson got an~ther 
Grammy-this time for best video 
album for Making Michael Jackson's 
Thriller. 

-~ Goings on 
Lazy, don't want togoout, and 

you want to be a couch potato? 
Well, at least watch something 
interesting on the boob tube. 
This afternoon on TV 15 at 2:30 
pm, will be a half-hour program 
with Dan Stanford, chairman of 
California's Fai r Political 
Practices Commission, and 
KPBS's Gloria Penner concern-
ing the FPPC's suit against San 
Diego mayor Roger Hedgecock. 
The program will deal with the 
450 alleged violations of 
financial reporting laws 
Hedgecock is accused of 
breaking, as well as the FPPC's 
movement towards stricter 
enforcement of campaign laws. 

* * * 
Our Town, by Thornton 

Wilder, begins a five-clay run 
through March 3 at the Legler 
Benbough Little Theatre on the 
USIU campus, directed by James 
DePaul. Tickets can be 
purchased at the theatte's box 
office, and you can get further 
information at 693-4636. 

* * * 
Currently selling-out at the 

Mark Taper Forum'S Taper, Too 
theatre and highly acclaimed by 
the LA media, Swimming to 
Cambodia, Part One, a one man 
performance monolgue written 
and performed by SpaldinS 
Gray, will be presented at the 

CSD theatre for one night 
only, March 5, at 8 pm. Tickets 
for this special performance can 
be purchased at the Mandell 
Weiss box office or at the door. 
For information, call 452-3793. 

, Also tonight, at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art, 
is a presentation of Panic in Ihe 
Screels, starring Richard 
Widmark, as well as Barbara Bel 
Geddes, Jack Palance and Zero 
Mostel. As the third offour films 
in the Richard Widmark 
Retro.pective series, the tribute 
will conclude with a screening of 
Pickup on South Screet on March 7, 
For further information, call 
454-0267, 

* * * Opening on March 5 and 
running until March 9 at 
Clairmont High School, is a 
presentation of A.P. Gurney 
Jr.'. The Dining Room, a 
humorous theatrical work 
featuring 15 actors in a dining 
room. For ticket information, 
call 276-5481. 

If you want to get out tonight, 
but prefer what little club scene 
San Diego has to offer, you can 
run ' over to the Belly Up in 
Solana Beach to catch CBS 
Records' Filhbone along with 
Preston Smith and the 
Crocodilea and the N avip-
ton. Fishbone I've heard is very 
hard to categorize. but [ have 
been told they are great. Call 
481-9022 for information. 

* * * 
John Fonville, flautist 

composer, will present a concert 
of new works for flute on 
Monday, March 4 at 8 pm in 
Mandeville's recital hall. Tickets 
for this performance can be 
purchased at the box office and if 
you need more fnformation, call 
452-3229. 

Check it out 

.............. ~f~r~t 
Tonight at 8 pm in the Revelle 

Cafeteria, the Revelle College 
Players production of Dark of rhe 
Moon begins its four-day run. 
The play is written by Howard 
Richardson and William Berney. 
Advance tickets are on s:tle ~~ the 
UCSD box office for ontV $2' 
will be on sale at the door f6r' 
$2.50. 

ATTENTION! 

The UC San Dielo Guitan 
in concert will perform works by 
Telemann, Bach, Dowland and 
others on Friday, March 1, at 8 
pm in Man'deville B-21O. Among 
the musicians are Randall Pile, 
Deborah Anderson, Lisa Smith 
and John Ortiz. Admission is 
free , For more information, call 
452-32N. 

• * * 
Atomicafe, UCSD's continu-

ing forum for new music, 
presents its second concert of the 
winter quarter on Tuesday, 
March 5, in the Mandeville 
recital hall at 8 pm. The program 
consists of works by student 
composers employing both 
acoustic and electronic 
resources. Admission is free. 

* • * 

A performance art presenta-
tion in which the artists portray 
"cultural death within a political 
milieu" will take place at 8 pm 
March 1 and 2 in Mandeville's 
recital hall. Performed and 
written by graduate designer Joel 
Reynolda and theatre artist 
Maurya Wickatrom, Necropo-
lis/ Text is described by the 
writers as "a text for grieving, 
about its ~tages and its inevitable 
urge toward health. " For further 
information, call 452-3120. 

* * • 
On Wednesday, March 6. 

UCSD's Faculty Chamber will 
perform Mozart's Flute Concerto 
in D.Major, Beethoven's Scring 
Trio in C·Minor and Schubert's 
Trouc, in the Mandeville recital 
hall . For more information, call 
452-3229 . 

Baritone Mark E. Child. and 
pianist Linda Rohmund will 
perform Schumann's "Dichter-
Hebe" and other vocal works by 
Faure, Gesualdo, Dramm and 
Rossini on Saturday, March 2 at 
8 pm in Mandeville B-21O. The 
recital is free, and if you need 
more information, call 450-
0854. 

* * * Traditional native hunting and 
gathering customs of American 
Indian tribes are explored in the 
San Diego Museum of Man's 
exhibit, The Movable Feut, 
which opens March 2 and runs 
through April 14. The museum 
is located at 1350 EI Prado, 
Balboa Park , and you can call for 
more information at 239-2001. 

* * * At the "How many people 
come and how much do they 
drink" Spirit Club, will be Drop 
in the Grey sponsored by 91X 
on Saturday. Their debut is 
doing very well on local airwaves, 
but remember to bring a lot of 
people and drink a lot. For 
further information, call 276-
3993. 

* * * Also Friday night will be a 
special lecture by Judith 
Davilon on jivaro Women's 
Power as Expressed in Ceramic 
Design, examining the impor-
tance of images found on Jivaro 
pottery to the lives of Indian 
women. The lecture will take 
place in the Hewett Hall 
classroom of the San Diego 
Museum of Man in Balboa Park. 
Call 274-0313 for information. 
-Compiled fry Roddy BosClwa 

Present and Potential 
Law & Society Minors TGI F AlIOtlATED STUDENTS 

PROGRA .... ING Law and Society is an interdisciplinary minor or 
Social Science Program of Concentration. In it you 
examine the role of the legal system and specific legal 
issues from the perspectives of political science, 
history, sociology and philosophy. 

Spring '85 Offering. 
"lntroductioD to Law " Society" 

(P.S.40) 
The focus of this course is on the process of law . 

how legal rules both reflect and shape basic social 
values and their relation to social, political, and 
economic conflicts within society. 

"Coate.porary Legall ... a" 
(P.S, l04K) (LAW & SOCIETY 101) 

This required concluding course will be taught by 
Dr. Peter Irons and special guest lecturers from the 
UCSD faculty and the legal community. The topic 
will be "Capital Punishment". 

I. acld.doD the folowiDs co ......... W .. 0 ...... 
SpriDg Quarte .. : 

History 154B legaf and CoMtitutional History of U.S. 
PhiloSophy 162 - Philoaophy of Law 
Philosophy 12 Logic and Decision Making 
Sociology 141 Crime and SocietY 
Sociology 142 Social Deviance 
Political Science l04F Constitutional Law 

For more information contact the 
ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 

at 406 Warren Campus 
(across from the Bookstore) 

or your academic advisor 
- ., -, 

. 

Give yourself a break. Check 
out the next TGI F. March 1st. 

~ITH 

AND SPECIAL GUEST. 
.. PM, ON THE HUMP. 

Feb. 28, 1985 Hiatul 7 



TAKE Shooters is La Jolla's newest watering 
I M hole. It's a new way to enJOY your 
OU R favorite libation from the most Imaginative drink menu in town. 
BEST And It'S the home of the $1 
S 0 

Shooterburger, the Burger H T. that Won La Jolla. 
-------W BETTER Monday THAN A through Friday, 

FREE 4:30 to 6:30 p.m., you can skip dinner-
DINNER andthecheck-at one of the most 
HAP py sumptuous Happy Hour HOU R. spreads In town 
Hot Dogs and 
Naehos Monday. 
Eas lOla tiM' .. "" 
.. ,th two 01 Sao Diego 
lavoffte mtJnchles 

Peel Your Own 
Shrimp Tuesday. 
A; Y' ,u can eal 

Taeo Bar 
Wednesday. 
A do+yoursell 
opera,'011 .... ,h 
ail lhe It.,ogs 

(''' , , 

ilZ~ 

The BoHomless 
Chili Bowl 
ThursdlY· 
Eodless bowls 01 
chi" .... ,Ih tOPPings 
to please every palate 

Pizza 
FridlY· 

Ick all the weekend 
\\llh Shoolers' h!Jt ptUJ 

f' 

NellI 10 VISions Restaurant atop the La Jolla Village Inn cornN of ~ ') ,lfld l ,t Joll •• VIiIc1ql [)f Illf 'Jh OO'-)tJ 
Live entertainment begins at Happy Hour 

8 HiatIU Feb. 28. 1985 

NROTC 

, -

YOU CAN WAIT YEARS FOR A JOB WITH 
RESPONSIBILITY, OR YOU CAN GET 
RESPONSIBILITY IN THE NAVY NOW! , 
A civilian job with responsibility may take years 
to obtain, even with a college degree. But if you 
meet Navy standards, you can obtain a 
commission to become an officer in the Navy or 
Marine Corps while obtaining a college degree 
and that means alot of responsibility. Two year ' 
scholarships are available . If you are a freshman 
or sophmore, come by the NROTC Unit Office, 
Room 103 Guadalupe Hall, or call 260-4811 and 
find out how you can become pan of the NAVY 
TEAM. 


