
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO M0NDA Y, NOVEMBER 4, 1985 VOLUME 56, #12 

America's Secret War: 
Perspectives on EI Salvador 
See stDIy PI .. 11 .1Id comment.y Plsa 4, 5 

Ever wondtr what it's 
Hire having your dad 
in the World Series? As. Jan Howser. 

PAGE 16 

-Sevenl setbacks in Dr. 
Perry's abortion suit against 
ChanceUor Atkinson. 

PAGE 3 
-UCSD to host men's 
soccer playoffs. 

eChancellor AtW 
hosptttJJ. 

PAGE 2 
eSoft Rtserva to txpG1IIl. 

PAGE 7 



NEWS 

Free info on law 
schools & careers 

Prospective law students will 
have an opportuniry to talk one-
on-one with representatives of 
75 law schools at the Second 
Annual UlW School Forum 10 be 
held in Los Angeles. 

Scheduled November 15 and 
16 at the Century Plaza Hotel, 
the free Jill day recruitmenl 
forum IS sponsored by UlW 
School Admission Council/Law 
School AdmiSSion Services 
(LSAC/LSAS), the national 
organization that administers the 
UlW School Admission Test 
(LSAT). 

"The UlW School Forum is an 
excellent opportuniry for anyone 
interested in attending law 
school - especially those not 
now enrolled in college - to 
learn firsthand about what' it 
takes to get into and succeed In 
law school, what specific law 
schools have to offer and what 
careers are available ," according 
to Martha Benson McGrane, 
LSAC/LSAS's spokesperson. 

Of the more than 1,200 
persons attending the first UlW 
School Forum in Los Angeles last 
fall , 73 percent indicated they 
were employed full- or part-time 
and 38 percent said they were 
members of a minoriry group, 
according to McGrane. 

Besides talking with law 
school representatives, forum 
participants can view videotapes 
which outline applying to law 
school and include information 
on the Law School Admission 
Test (LSAT), as weD as 
suggestions on how to evaluate 
law schools and how to identify 
key discussion lopics to pursue 
with law school representatives. 
Sponsors said particular attention 
has been given to the need of 

BLOOM COUNTY 
fir.!! 17) M/IIIOKM COMf!.IIlNrS 
~6fII(p(M'J me lACK Of IfflP-
FII! AtKOeC INfOKM'IfIIl'< IN 
~T(f(IMY'S INSTl/fU'€NT, 

~ NM C()Nf1MJe WITH 
FI/f(1H~R VI'iIAl/6U 6XeKClst 
17f5 ••. 

III.i. ~ rI5 10£ IIr fJltU>1 
CIXMY lI&I/I.I..y CAKe 
IltJOllr )t1(IR !!OilY. TlMY. 

y~ Hllve NO laA . 

A C(}(J(l kif( TO fl/fNP 
IR)WI\' '370 MIM/TeS 
Of 5f'€CllIl .lt~ CIJI./Iff( 
flef?J8ICS IS 10 Sf(NIl 
AN /KJI/f( Of( 1lIt1 
fr/MPlM'J II unu Il/.fJV. 

C'/rrJN./ t£T'5 beT 
PIIY5ICIIL , ({AMY I 
f... •• tICS {l.EII(l(RS l 

career opportunities available to 
law school graduates. 

The UlW School Forum has 
been sched uled at a time and 
place to meet the needs of the 
broadest possible spectrum of 
forum participants. Doors will be 
open on Friday, November 15 
from 10 am to 8 pm and on 
Saturday, November 16 from 10 
am to 3 pm. Students interested 
in participating should contact 
McGrane at (703)5)2-1 952 

NSF offers 
minority awards 

Students selected for awards in 
the 1986-1987 ational Science 
Foundation Minority Graduate 
Fellowship competition will 
recelve stipends of $Jl ,OOO for a 
12-month fellowship tenure. 

As one means of increasing 
the number of practicing 
scientists who are members of 
ethnic minorities, Minoriry 
Graduate Fellowships will be 
offered to minority individuals 
who have demonstrated ability 
and special aptitude for 
advanced training in science or 
engineering. Applicants must be 
citizens of the United States who 
are members of one of the 
following ethnic minority groups: 
American Indian , Black, 
Hispanic, Native Alaskan 
(Eskimo or Aleut), or Native 
Pacific islander (Polynesian or 
Micronesian). 

NSF Minority Graduate 
Fellowships are intended for 
students at or near the beginning 
of their graduate study, and will 
be awarded for study or work 
leading. to master's or doctOral 
degrees in mathematical, 
physical, biological, engineering 
and social sciences , and in the 
histOry and philosophy of 
science. 

Applicants will be required to 
take the Graduate Record 
Examinations (GRE). The 
Foundation will pay December 
14 test fees for fellowship 
applicants, providing NSF 
application is the primary 
purpose. 

The deadline date for 
submission of applications for 
NSF Minoriry Graduate 
Fellowships will be November IS , 
1985. Further information and 
application materials may be 
obtained from the Fellowship 
Office, National Research 
Council , 2101 Constitution 
Avenue, WashinglOn, D.C. 
20418. 

China cancer data 
helps research 

The Chinese population could 
be a valuable source of cancer 
infonnation, says a UCSD 
medicine professor and cancer 
researcher. 

Dr. Robert Hoffman returned 
last week from a four-day cancer 
symposium in Peking. At the 
conference, says Hoffman, he 
learned that some regions of 
China have a high incidence of 
cancer while adjacent regions 
have very few cancer cases. A 
large proportion of Chinese 
cancer cases are cancer of the 
esophagus, liver and stomach. 

'This gives one a means of 
studying th e causative agents of 
cancer," sald Hoffman. 

It is theorized that stomach 
and esophageal cancers could be 
related to substances produced 
by molds growing on rice , said 
Hoffman. He said this theory can 
be tested by comparing cancer 
rates of different regions in 
China. The connection between 
liver cancer and hepatitis can 
also be tested with this data. 

The symposium was the first 
International science meeting 
held in China since the Cultural 
Revolution . Hoffman said he 
would like 10 begin an exchange 
program between America and 
chinese scientists . 

Hoffman is studying the 
regulation of oncogenes, genes 
believed to conven normal cells 
10 cancer cells. 

by Berke Breatbed 
,-------...., 

LOHI:! ~ST5 8e1Ilf:£N ex6lCClS€~ 
Ii're' M7T C()N{1((,~ TO IEl'i11fY 
CIIf?f1IO 'VASCtellM MfIrre~R. 

l4I'It$ lIP! 
~(;.+1CKS I 
(£( (j()lfN Iftyl 

/ 

~~.I'IE' 
ItIIP .NSf MOVr 
INfNIfIf OF ~ 

6cl1"Y. 1/IHfl', GI'W1f-
MIA:E-"""'~ (MIfII'MJj_ 

Chancel/or Richard Atkinson is reported to be in "good condition." 

Chancellor in for surgery 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson entered the UCSD Medical 

Center for minor surgery Thursday, his wife Rita .. said . He was 
released Saturday and will recuperate at home for a week before 
returning to work. 

Med school seeks hot flash sufferers 
Women suffering from hot 

flashes and other symptoms of 
menopause are needed for a 
UCSD Medical Center study 
comparing the effectiveness of 
two estrogen hormones. 

To be eligible for the study, 
women must experience at least 
four hot flashes within a five-
hour test period . In addition, if a 
woman currently is on 
medication, she must be willing 
to go off it one month prior to 
beginning the study. Participants 
must have no chronic health 
problems such as high blood 
pressure or heart problems. 

Participation in the study 
begins with a screening program 
where the women will undergo 
physical examinations and blood 
and urine tests. If they have not 
had a recent mammogram or 

Edhor In Ch,d 
I'hll \\'111"" 

Managing Eduor 
AnJrl'\" Kl't.'I t.'r 

~EdilDr 
[)(onnrs Woo 
AJsocia~ N~ Editor 

R.Jchri Frelfcldcr 
OpinIOns Edilor 
~I~ltthl.'\\ I t r\1Il111 

Copy Editor 
"\hdl) "'IlllIllltlih 

Futu~, Editor 
Kl' nl' l' \\\' n rl,,-k 

SaUar Sed WrIIa: Plllllp lauder. 

endometrial biopsy, those also 
will be completed. 

Throughout the course of the 
study, the women will be 
checked for any side effects and 
will attend four temperature-
monitoring sessions in which 
their hot flashes will be 
measured. 

There will also be an 
opportuniry (0 educate women 
about the effects of menopause 
and the myths which prevail 
about estrogen therapy, said 
james Liu, M.D., of the 
Department of Reproductive 
Medicine. 

Participants completing the 
study will receive free medical 
care, medications and a small 
compensation for their time. For 
information on the study call 
294-5515. 

Spons Editor 
1.,h '1,h.,,111 

An. Editor 
\llkd i llomh .. 

Assoclatr An, Editor 
.\11\,.1.1 .~o ... 

Photo Editor 
I"hn A,hkt· 

Office Managcr 
"'IU:.IIlIlI.' 'l.trI\., 

Advenlslng Managrr 
).111 11.111"'11 

GraphICS Manllltr 
~h"lldl Iklllwnd 

SaB WUIS: Margarel Carlin . Tom Ferguson. Jay Grearhou>e . Gayle Helrshberg. 
Marla Helman. Kann Jacob",n, Karen Kawasaki . Mall LIIl. Roben Leone . Susan 

~ltrs . Ddve Richard. Diane Rigdon . Montc Rosen . An SalaZar. Gus Samayo. Anna 
~trson. 8.lrbard Sobel. D~vc Tedrow. Daniel Thomas. Mehssa Weinsteln ,Eva Wong 
Photographers \I.lrk J"hn>lln. n.I" n \I.rrnlkrrnl.rrl I{,'gn \hmr,'" R"h I'''q"k 
1'.lul R"Jm,mJ 1,'111 ~m"h )" ,11 \''''rI 
Graphic AnI SIS Ikr.rlJ .\n.lud I" hll .. hhk,· 1{".lrd" 11,.1: LllwJ" IIr.luh"J I 
D,,:umk QU.r1l I\lm H",II1~ tldIllU.II'.IUI" I"", 1~""k. 1 l.i,k,,· ",' 11"",' 
layout An~ J"hn ,hhk" Llufl'n ( "n" .1) ().I\lJ 1\, "m. \ ,·,n.1 1\ ul." ""1\ " 
:\Ikl 'C" WI"]' D.I\ Id ""rI", ,,·I.,.,n 1.."'''11.1 
TyJltKttcrs Llur,'11 I r,',h 1\,'/1 I un" ".lIn".1 1\"h.I""" I, 11 I'h,l LIlII,,"r .\I1AA'" 
LIpid [)Jnld TI1,II11.h 

1 h..: L..C!\O l"""" ,,JloIn I, puhh,h,,"t..I \lund.!), .. nJ I hur,.,La) Junnllhc .. ~.tJ~rnl\" ~C.lf h) .ano Idf Iht" ~lkk' nl ) 
I~ LuD Itl.' pnxJu..l kJf! \Jf U~· ~1 1 .hl) n('v.:.p.ip'·' V.lltwul Jk'ftnIUh)f\ I,. ,.tn\.l~ prL)fuhllc!.l . I\_n, .IU nih" 

I\'~I"\\'\.I \\l' Jh Ihl( r~')p.lfhlhl.. 1. '11' un~lIh .. ul·J In.lnu .... npb LW.m 
\ ",''''!t ~'\pn'.'l4"\l \.111 nut n:p"·!M."m Ihe uptnll"b ~II Ih..~ kc~"nh \W Ihe Lnt,"\"on) nl t..Ih llH"nlti \~ Ih" 

"\. .... '" 1.lln.! 'JIud\"tu .. \11 LL)" 
rho UCSD G .......... ~16 ujollo, CA 9109l 
EAI~ (619)4U-6'80 ........... (619).,1·1466 

Forty-five prominent ]irms participated at the science and technology job fair. 

Job-hungry hundreds 
gather at career fair 
By CHERYl CAR1WRIGHT 

FORTY -flVE employers from aerospace, biotechnical, computer and 
communications firms and 
research organizations discussed 
job opportunities with more than 
500 students at a science and 
technology job fair held in the 
Rec. Gym on Friday. UCSD 
engineering, sciences and 
economics students talked with 
company representatives about 
summer and career employment 
opportunities. 

The companies attending were 
extremely impressed with the 
quality of students and 

encouraged students to seek 
employment with them, said 
Maxine Bailey, associate director 
of Career Services. 

UCSD alumnus Thomas 
Tucker, systems analyst for 
Advanced Digital Systems, told 
fair attendees seeking work in 
technical fields in San Diego to 
look to smaller companies rather 
than larger ones. Tucker 
suggested that science and 
engineering students rake many 
laboratory and math classes, and 
that they develop verbal and 
written communications skills. 

Please tum to PIJ8C 7 

U·C·S·D 
TWENTY -FIFTH 
ANNIVERSARY 

Monday, NOYtm~r", 1985 3 
NEWS 

Case over 1977 abortion continues 
Rulings favor Atkinson 
By DENNIS WOO. N~ Editor 

SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE Arthur W. Jones denied three motions requested 
by Dr. Lee Perry in her $2 
million lawsuit against 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
during a two hour hearing 
Friday. 

Judge jones denied Perry's 
claim of physical injury from an 
abortion she aDeges Atkinson 
deceived her into having. 
Marilyn Huff, representing 
Atkinson in the case, refutes the 
allegation. In addition, jones 
announced he would not 
overturn his October 4 ruling 
thai Perry could not sue Atkinson 
on the basis of fraud and deceit. 
Perry's motion for a new trial, 
based on new evidence, was also 
denied by jones, who said the 
materials were "not substantiaDy 
new." 

Although a new trial was 
denied, a trial on Atkinson's 
alleged intent to inflict emotional 
distress will be held on january 
22,1986. 

judge jones granted a request 
by Atkinson's council to permit 
out of State evidence into the 
january trial, which include 
medical records and the 
testimony of Perry's mental 
therapists. 

At the hearing, Huff told judge 
jones that she felt that "the court 
was proper in issuing a 
protective order" that denied Perry 
access (0 Atkinson's home or 

offices without his written 
consent. Perry admited to having 
taken documents and 
appointment books from 
Atkinson's property without his 
permission in 1979, bUt said she 
planned only to photocopy them 
for evidence in the case . Perry 
said she felt Ihat if the 
documents had been 
subpoenaed by court. they would 
not have been produced. 

Perry has been representing 
herself in the case . 

Huff, Atkinson's attorney, is a 
member of the Gray, Cary, Ames 
and Frey law firm . Atkinson was 
not present at the hearing. 

Perry filed her lawsuit against 
the Chancellor in February 1981 , 
alleging that he had impregnated 
her. She claimed Atkinson told 
her to have an abortion and 
promised to impregnate her the 
foDowing year. Perry had the 
abortion, but claims that 

Atkinson did not keep his 
alleged oral agreement. 

Atkinson's alleged promises to 
Perry will be the focus of the 
January trial. Perry claims 
Atkinson suggested she commit 
suicide and that he made threats 
against her career. Huff disputes 
Atkinson made such statements. 

Perry's original complaint 
demanded that Atkinson. either 
pay for damages, or that he keep 
his promise by impregnating her. 
Perry said that the second part 
of the complaint "was ne~r an 
operable complaint." She said 
her attorney at the time rewrote 
the complaint to exchJde the 
demand to keep the agreement. 

"(The second pan of the 
complaint) was more a gesture 
toward the unborn child ," Perry 
said. "What has been pn:~~ 
(in the newspapers) violates the 
spirit in which it was 
intended.K iii 

I TOYOTA r. HCjVOlKS ~~~~ '~~8: 
You are cordially invited to attend 

Minor Tu,..Up 4>~ 
Spacial $35 (rag 160.(0) ~ 

the VCSD 25th Anniwrsary Conwcation 
commemorating the 25th anni~sary of 
the Vniwrsity of CAlifornia, San Diego 

WITII 

Dr. Clark Kerr, President of the Univenity, Emeritus 
Dr. David P. Gardner, Preeident of the Univenity 

Dr. Richard C. AtkiDlOn, Chancellor, UCSD 
MondaYI November 18, 1985 

4:00 p_m. ~ 5:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

University of California, San Diego 
Reception following the program 

Seating in Mandeville Auditorium is limited. Free tickets (2 per person) will be 
distributed according to the order in which reservation forms are received. 
You must provide a campus return address in order to receive tickets. 

Several sites in the Mandeville Cen~r will be equipped with large screens so 
that the proceedinRi ma y be viewed live via closed-circuit television. Plenty of 
seating will be available at these al~rnate viewing sites. 
To reserve tickers, pleue return the form below. We are sorry we cannot 
accept reservations over the telephone. For information. plene call: "52. 
6385. 

Pleue lend me two free tickeh to the UCSD 25th Annivenary 
Convocation. 

(Please Print) 
NAME 
CAMPUSAPDRESS 
CAMPUS TELEPHONE # HOME PHONE # 

Return to: 25TH ANNIVERSARY CONVOCATION. Q:Ol1 
BY MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1965. 

".. .... (~$80.00) 
Brake j<rb includes. 
I . lnsIall SIIICiaI NW pads or 

IfISIail ,.. brake sI10es 
2. Drain old brake fluid 
3. In!pett complete hyltaJjic ¥Iem 
4. Refill hyIhuIic: lluid 
5. IIIeId entire brake system 
6. AdjusI fnInt (il ~) nlrw shoes 
7. RIIIIa Iron! rotor !Ills 

(with lOIor lint) 
• . RoId lilt 
Nate: IIyIhuIic pans .. not iIcIudId 

CluIcIIJob 
Spacial $199 
(~$325.00) 
Honda. To,ota. DiltSlll (nol Z modIIs) 
and Volks Iype I . 2 & 3 
We .... 
I . T rnmission inpul shall seal (excepl Hondas) 
2 PIesstn plale 
3 CluIdlmsc 
4 Throw OUI bearing 
5 PIlot baIngs 
6 New inrIsmI$$ion 011 
7. Road test 
Nole HyaauIic ports n nol covered 

...... -..... AlII .............. ...... 
fer 11."'.1 ... tI •••• 

Ow IlIIIt'up includes a 101 monr ItIir1 ot"-S. 
" indudes: 
I St*1r plugs 
2. Dislrillulor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust liming 
5. Adjust dwIII ... 
6. QIICk I repIInisII all 

lUll ail...,. 
7. QIICk InIiII 

8 Check clulclt 
9. Check 1911S 

10 Chedr lJ1der. 
carnage fOl damages 

II . Check~ 
system I '-

12. AoId IIIst 

Mator SIr .. (261IOint) 
Spacial $99(,..r.iy513000) 
Ow IIIIjar ~ indudIs 15. CIIIICk I ..... 

1. CG+ ..... I lISt ..... bills 
2. ViIIw ..... t oot 16. La Itant ... 

AIpIaI:e: 17. CIIIICk I ....., all 
lUI I aillMIs 3. ViIIw __ gasbI . 

4. St*1r plugs. 18. CIIIICk brakes 
5. 0istribukJr points. 19. QIICk dutch 
6. CondInstn. 20. Check 19115 
7 Ail liII.. 21 . Check ~ 
8. Oil hIt«. for damages 
9. Gas liIhr nI 22 Chedr & rectwve 

10. Engine ail batlery If nec:esuy 
II AdjusI liming 23. Chedr lire pre5SIR 
12 Adjust dwell qIe 24 Lube door honges 
13. Adjusl CiIbInIor 25. Chedr cooling ¥Iem 
'4 Adjusl air I lUll I '-

ratio mixI... 26 ~ lesl 
Noll: 1. lor &-cylincllr c.s nI RabblIS. Oasners. 
Sc:iraccD&. I Fiats. add $20. Toyota Supras add $30 
DaISlll 2005)( with 8 ~ plugs add $35 2 ... 
IIft-UIIS for VW (Elarpl YO I squnbadrs later INn 
1972) . ..... 1972 II1d tal. SIO II1d prior 10 72 
570. 3. lor VW Things II1d IUnnam G/Ia$-ony 160 

.. ___ .... 2.,.. ....... • lbII_ ...... 
lDl9ll-'Y in '-1--.:.p1I\N1411. wIidI '- a 6-mDnIh ..... Ai J . •• uils ,... tUing tile 

YiIIiciIy 01 .... wiI ,til be gaod ....... WI c:.I giw yau ..... ,-.-... ow IIIiIIuI aa-s. 
..... ClllIor uu. .".hIII.,1 J I . • _ils. This ... is gaod only lor .. en ......... ___ 
.. ,.ae.'t ........... • ... SDl ........ ... 

. overseas ~~~~ 
AuIDmollue RIpaIrs ~~~~pm 

•• 4 .. l1li ............ l1li ... l1li .... 6.liliiii ... ~ ~~990 
CQI tor~ •• t nrHI. 

.. 



Your funding of America's secret war 
Being a pan of a university with multiple resources such as seminars, 

lectures, and extensively researched books, we are not in the business of 
giving history lessons. Without a sufficient background or wrenching 
interest in the Central America region, it may be difficult for the 
declared "apolitical" person to feel the fire stoked by the commentators 
who describe certain facets of today's EI Salvador. Be it enough, 
however, that this tiny nation of five million people has become a badly 
publicized political enigma that may tum into a domestic time bomb 
here in the United States. For daily events in El Salvador are much too 
gruesome, barbariC, inhumane and grossly overt to escape the attention 
of the American public for long. El Salvador, in the most objective sense 
is experiencing a vicious "civil" war. By aU means there are "civilians" of 
a largely impoverished society fighting each other. From here on 
though , the picture takes a morbid twist; one side, composed of the 
long dominating Salvadorean Army, the Internal Police, the National 
0'Pird, Big Business and few choice political panies, is being supported 
both actively and lethargically by the United States of America . The 
other side, composed mostly of peasants, low-income workers, students, 
professors and certain segments of the middle class, obtains its 
resources and shelter either from the sympathetic civilians in the 
countryside, or from the leftover remnants of a day's battle (i.e. army 
guns, ammunition, field supplies). 

Since 1981 , the government of El Salvador. has received nearly $2 
billion in direct aid , of which almost three-quaners has gone to the 
military, at times in the form of M-16 rifles, M-60 machine guns, about 
12 helicopter gunships, SOO-lb. bombs, grenade-launchers, mortars and 
of course , over 100 U.S. military advisers. That is correct. In a country 
where 60,000 Salvadoreans have been killed in the past six years (the 
overwhelming majority by Salvadorean military forces - as reported by 
America's Watch), where over one-fifth of the population are refugees, 
750,000 being external and 500,000 being internal, where the only 
response to peaceful requests for democracy by all sectors of society at 
one time or another (including the Roman Catholic Church and 
excluding the military elite) has been brutal repression, your tax dollars 
are sending U.s. military advisers to oversee, organize and very probably 
execute the most intense bombing and aerial war ever witnessed in the 
Americas. 

This is America's secret war. Nothing of the son is being reported in 
the mainstream media, possibly because searching foreign journalists are 
being scared out of El Salvador with death threats from the army. In 
1982, after CBS and The New York Times were told by Salvadorean 
soldiers that 10 u.s. trainers had panicipated in combat with them (at 
one time firing 81-millimeter mortars at nearby guerrilla positions), 
internal censorship picked up at an amazing rate and few journalists 
were again led out into the field . This is not surprising if the type of 
"combat" being waged by the military enterprise is viewed more closely. 
America's Watch reported that, "thousands of noncombatants are being 
killed in indiscriminate attacks by bombardments in the air, shelling 
and ground sweeps. Thousands more are being wounded .... As best we 
can determine, these attacks are pan of a deliberate policy ... to force 
civilians to flee . .. depriving the guerrillas of a civilian population .... 
The cost of pursuing this policy, in terms of human suffering, is beyond 
measurement. And, of course, it is a policy that flagrantly violates the 
laws of war." 

The question arises as to whom exactly this non-discriminatory 
extermination is directed toward . The aforementioned group of 
peasants, workers, students, etc. make up the FMLN (Frente Farabundo 
Mani Liberacion Nacional) which was formed in 1979, along with the 
FDR (Frente Democratico Revolucionario) - a coalition of popular 
social Christian leaders, social democrats and independent labor 
organizations. These twO groups were formed in response to the murder 
of Archbishop Oscar Romero at the hands of the military junta's 
henchmen; to the bloody massacre that followed four days later at 
Romero's funeral when Salvadorean troops fired into a crowd of 100,000 
mourners killing at least 40; and in the hope of preventing a suicidal 
civil insurrection before it had any chance of succeeding at the time of 
Romero's death. These twO groups - the FMLN being the fighting arm, 
the FDR the political arm - are conSistently termed as "Communistic 
terrorists" by the Reagan Adminstration, the Pentagon , malicious 
lobbying groups like Common Cause and conservative Senators like 
Jesse Helms (who, by the way, solicited funding and support for the 
ultra right-wing ARENA parry's presidential candidate during the 1982 
"elections" - which were eventually won by present Christian 
Democratic Presiderit, Jose Napoleon Duarte - Roberto D'Aubuisson, 
who former U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador Robert White has described 
as a "pathological kH~r") . 

Listening to our government's tiresome denunCIations of these 
"Marxist-Leninist" rev lutionanes one would never guess that the 

majority of the FMlN are illiterate, landless, impoverished Indians who 
really know very little about German political theorists or Soviet 
demagogues. What they are in practice and culture - traditional, 
nationalistic, and anti-foreign interventionists - has been degradaded 
and shrugged-off by every U.S. Administration since Teddy Roosevelt. 

The institutionalization of counterterror within Central American 
security systems though, came after its theoretical formulation in the 
United States during the late '50s and early '60s, overtly coinciding with 
the Kennedy Administration's reform programs promoted through the 
Alliance for Progress. The Alliance for Progress, a Latin American 
development program fostered by the U niled States in order to avoid 
"more Cuban-type revolutions" by providing mass economic assistance 
to countries with democratic potential, failed miserably from the outset. 
That failure arose from the second portion of the plan, which in effect 
granted Latin American militray regimes (like the one in El Salvador) 
U.S. prestige, power, and material assistance if they could make a case 
for delaying democratic reform by stating that they were battling a 
potential communist insurgency. This U.S. counterinsurgency doctrine, 
which has been adopted unCritically by every U.S. president since 
Kennedy (except Jimmy Caner, whose "human rights first" assistance 
programs sharply reversed at the end of his term), has publicly 
rationalized and mechanized what had been traditionally recognized as 
a direct contradiction to American law and standards: murder and 
torture by the state. 

We all know, disturbing as it is, that the present Salvadorean . 
government under President Duarte has very little, if any, control over 
the lunatics in the military. We are also aware, though repugnant to the 
soul, that Ronald Reagan spends very little time reprimanding the 
Pentagon for its participation in the slaughter of innocent Salvadoreans. 
The most tragic scenario, however, is that the American public has 
chosen to accept their role as taxpaying pawns in the McCarthyite 
game. It is chilling to consider that the educated students, professors 
and staff members of UCSD have remained just as blind as the rest of 
the flock. Do we consider ourselves to be so gullible as to swallow all of 
the avalanche of misinformation thrown-out by White House press 
corps? Haven't we trekked fanher than most? Was all that screeching 
and pounding for free speech and humanism during the past [WO 
decades all for naught? Where are we today - where are we? 

So indignant we are when we receive a parking ticket, or have 
restrictions placed on our ability to consume booze wherever and 
whenever we want. So enraged we become when we cannot find 
affordable housing, or an on-campus copy machine that eats less than a 
dime, or a computer terminal that does not steal our homework. The 
next time you get a little teed off, your gut starts producing acid faster 
than your calmer senses can handle, tears made of lava pour from your 
eyes - your cup runneth over. Think how livid you would really 
become if the little Indian girl who smiled at you at the airport before 
had just had her body blown to smithereens by an American helicopter 
dropping American-made bombs, being flown by an American colonel 
who was out to kill some commies with your tax dollars. Whew. 

-MJC 

Monday, NCMmiler 4, 198.5 , .. 

OPINIONS 

The media's coverage of EI Salvador 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

"The Revolution," 
Singer/ songwriter and political 
activist Gil Scott-Herron once 
said, "will not be televised." EI 
Salvador today is in the same 
position it was in three years ago 
when the "election" of NapoJean 
Duarte drew worldwide media 
coverage. In fact, El Salvador 
today has the same socio-
economic infrasnucture that it 
had nearly a century ago, a 
structure of power that spawned 
a revolutionary movement in 
1932 and again in the 1970s and 
198Os. And yet El Salvador is no 
longer in the news, despite the 
fact that the American role in 
that war-10m country is 
increasing daily. So why is it that 
the revolution is no longer being 
televised? 

Associate Professor of 
Communications Dan Hallin has 
written extensively on the role of 
the media with regards to El 
Salvador. "If one watches the 
news these days," Hallin said in 
a recent interview, "you could get 
the impression that things have 
really changed down there ." 
Hallin contends, however, that 
they haven't "Ar. the moment, 
there is a stalemate in the war 
down there. American monies 
have propped up the Duane 
regime and the situation is not 
threatening to blow up," says 
Hallin, "and yet little has 
changed. The death squads no 
longer feel the need 10 intimidate 
the public because the air force 

does it for them. Elections of a 
son were held, and the military 
is no longer in direct control. But 
Duarte can effect no change in 
the basic structure of that society 
without the military jumping in. 
Any land refonn will be negated. 
The military is still in the driver's 
seat in EI Salvador." 

And yet the mainstream press 
in the United States has put EI 
Salvador of the back burner. 
"Pan of the problem," says 
Hallin, "is the nature of the news 
itself. Spot news (news about 
specific events) almost always 
takes precedence over more 
historical, background pieces. 
Even tho~gh it's done 
occasionaUy, it's not standard 
fare to send a reporter into the 
mountains for six months. But 
without that perspective, the 
public can get some warped 
views of just exactly what is 
happening: 

Hallin and other critics of the 
press contend that one problem 
with coverage is the 
"Washington perspective" used 
to cover most foreign events. In 
this paradigm, the strict, factual , 
objective reponing of the facts 
given at a White House press 
conference can differ radically 
from the reality 10..000 miles 
away. Hallin fee\s"th3t "most of 
the news on EI Salvador is 
Washington-centered right now. 
Anytime Ronald Reagan opens 
his mouth on the subject it's 
news." Later analysis may prove 

NOT EVERYONE WITH 
AN EATING DISORDER 

SHOULD BE IN A HOSPITAL 
... FOR MOST, LOWER-COST OUTPATIENT 

TREATMENT IS VERY EFFECTIVE. 
API offers an outpatient 
ment program. If needed,· In-
hospital treatment, 
intervention assistance. and 
nutritional counseling are 
also available. 

. 

API ••. 
The oldest and most 
experienced program tor the 
treatment of Anorexia 
Nervosa and Bulllmia In San 
Diego County. 

evening treat-

~ALVARADO ~I..,~_l 465-4411 
7050 Parkway Drive. La Mesa, CA 92041 

this wrong - the alleged 
Nicaraguan anns connection to 
El Salvador is one example -
but the initial impact has already 
been made. "Every once in a 
great while you can find a story 
on something like the lack of 
land refonn in El Salvador 
something that puts the whole 
situation into more of a historical 
context: says Hallin, "but that 
would probably be in the back 
pages of the New Yorl! Times, 
while the president would be on 
the cover and evening news." 

This is, in effect, known as 
agenda setting, a practice once 
thought out of the hands of the 
government during the late 
1960s and post-Watergate years. 
"I think there is a definite drift 
?ack towards a kind of early 
60s, Cold War relationship 
between the government and 
mainstream media," said Hallin. 
An example given is the Viemam 
War coverage and how it 
changed over the years. Initially 
the govemment set the agenda of 
how the war was to be covered 
As United States involvement . 
grew, the press eventually began 
steering away from the agenda 
set by the government and 
toward the slOries it saw with its 
own eyes. "I think it's clear thaI 
the Reagan Administration has 
attempted 10 control the agenda 
In Central America," says Hallin 
"and not always successfully at ' 
that." Hallin cites the pre-
election coverage in EI Salvador 

in 1982 as an example of the 
Reagan Administration's inability 
to fully control the agenda. "The 
election was supposed be an 
example of the coming of 
democracy in El Salvador," says 
Hallin, "and yet when all these 
reporters got down there they 

found a lot of things differed 
Significantly from earlier 
Washington perspectives." 

Nevertheless, the eJections in 
EI Salvador were hailed by nearly 
all of the ~instream media as a 

Pieue tum to p-. 6 

"Most news on EI Salvador is Washington-centered now." -D. Hallin 

clear A Path For ... 

c ~U D o 

....... 
e _MIlo "--do. Inc. $5.99 PLAZA MUSIC SHOP DUFFY'S RECORDS 



OPINIONS 

Mass Media stories in a country where random murder and kidnapping remain almost daily occurences. 
Sixty thousand people have died 
in EI Salvador in the past six 
years. Continued £rom page 5 

triumph for democracy. The 
showcase done, the Reagan 
presidency sought to rum the 
agenda elsewhere. The 
mainstream media has followed , 
leaving only the non-mainstream 
media to analyze the relevancy of 
an election held in the midst of 
a civil war. "It is symptomatic of 
this shift back toward the Cold 
War relationship," says Hallin of 
the media's role in El Salvador, 
"the Reagan Administration has 
intimidated the media a little 
with the East/West model it uses 
to see the world . No one wants 
to be seen as being soft on 
communism. By diffusing 
opposition in Congress, the 
Washington perspective remains 
one-sided, and El Salvador is no 
longer on the front page." It 
would seem that McCanhyism is 
re-emerging with groups like 
Accuracy in Media leading the 
charge. 

The news that does emanate 
out of EI Salvador reflects the 
shortcomings of mainstream 

_1 ... aLI.'1 

srEE" 
--DEE" 

1111" ... .,. .. - NOV 9 - 7:00 & 9:30 
SAN DIEGO - 'GDLDEN HALL 

TidlelS IYlil_le It .11 BLlSEAn1!. 
outlets, tile &ellie, 1101 oIIiee Of eII.rge _y 
pIIoIIe (5191 235-5510. 

~~. MPUlN 
INVITES 't'OUTOATTEND A 

FREE INFORMATIONAL 
FORUM, 

'Business School and the GMAT" 

MARY McNULlY 
Administrator 

RSVP: 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
-.780 Claire mont 

Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 
92117-2006 

(619) 277-67 .... 

coverage. In the past six months, 
vinually the only stories covered 
in El Salvador have been the 
killing of eight foreign troops, 
the kidnapping of the president's 
daughter and the "retirement"' 
from politics of the reputed 
death-squad leader Robeno 
D'Aubisson. These are the major 

"As long as there are no major 
political divisions within the 
United States itself: says Hallin, 
"1 don't see the press's role as 
changing that much. More 
emphasis on the background of 
these events is definitely 
necessary to form a well-rounded 

Tombstones recountin/( recent atrocities in Guatemala and El Salvador. 

FREE SCREENING 
Brought to you courtesy of 

ATlaT 
The right choice. 

perspective. That's where the 
importance of the campus press 
can come in - to fill some of 
that gap left by the main media 
- to provide a litlie of the larger 
analysis that the mainstream 
media leaves out. At an 
institution like this, there are 
plenry of sources who have 
studied these issues and can give 
a broader, healthier analysis." 
Hallin mentioned , as an 
example, the independent 
research done on the Nicaraguan 
elections by Prof. Wayne 
Cornelius for the Institute on 
Latin American Affairs. "The 
mainstream media jumps every 
time Reagan opens his mouth on 
Central America, and yet this 
type of factual analysis goes 
vinually uncovered: 

It appears that only a division 
among the powers that be -
similar to the one that occurred 
in the Vietnam era - win take 
the agenda out of the hands of 
the government. Meanwhile, the 
revolution goes on, and with it 
the harsh economic realities of a 
century of oligarchic control. "It 
is doubtful," reads an NACLA 
report quote from Washington 
Post columnist Colman 
McCanhy, "that even 50 years of 

terror and 20,000 deaths in the 
last [WO years would have 
opened the press's eye to El 
Salvador. .. ." So it seems that the 
revolution will still nOl. be 
televised . 

Photos contained in Opinions 
and Features this Issue were 
obtained courtesy oj Green 
Valley Film and Art, Inc. Their 
book, Bread &: Puppet. Stories of 
Struggle &: Faith From Central 
America, Jrom which these 
photos were taken, is an artistic 
inspiration Jor those who 
auempl to speak the truth 
directly. 

YOU MAKE 
THE CALL! 
If you have an 
opinion we want to 
hear it Can the 
Guardian at 452-
6580 or drop by 
our office and 
raise hell 

TICKETS AVAILABLE THRU. KGB-101.4 FM 
LISTEN TO WIN 
OPENS FRI. NOV.S AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU 

SIll 

KGI-FM 
101 

Students from East, West 
confer on nuclear anns 
By KARIN JACOBSEN, Staff Writer 

U SSR AND U.S. lectured on nuclear strategies perspeCtives on nuclear and the theories behind them. arms were the primary Viewpoints of the USSR, United 
focus of a seminar entitled "The States and many European 
Nuclear Arms Race - One Year countries were presented: Both 
After Dubrovnik" held last seminars were sponsored by the 
weekend. Education Abroad Program (EAP) 

The seminar reviewed the and the Institute on Global 
material covered in a conference Conflict and Cooperation 
held last year in the Inter- (IGCC). 
University Center of Post- Six UCSD students attended 
Graduate Studies in Dubrovnik, the UClA conference including 
Yugoslavia. The theme of the Marina YarneD, who studied in 
Dubrovnik seminar Was "The France under EAP and 
Nuclear Arms Race - An panicipated in the Dubrovnik 
American-European Dialogue." conference. "The most valuable 
Speakers from nine countries pan of the experience was 

hearing the European views," 
Yarnell said . "T~ often what 
Americans hear about anns 
negotiations is biased." Yarnell 
discussed the Warsaw Pact and 
NATO views on the arms race at 
this year's conference. 

The conference permitted an 
exchange of ideas between East 
and West, enabling students to 
discuss alternate defense plans 
and peace movements, and to 
share hope in a nuclear age , 
according to Dr. Henry Weaver, 
EAP director. "The students who 
panicipated in the conference 
felt it helped them to better 
understand nuclear issues ," 
Weaver said. "ldeaDy, through 
increased sensitivIty to these 
issues, we may be able to prevent 
destruction by a nuclear 
holocaust." 

Please rum to page 9 

Monday, Nove mber 'I, 1985 7 
NEWS 

Soft Reserves office 
due for expansion 
By RACHEL FREIFELDE;R. Associate N!Ws Editor 

A PlAN to expand the AS Although the game room wiD Soft Reserves Office to lose half the 2iass window area double its present size on its east side, a new entrance 
has been approved for on the south side of the building 
completion this month by the is planned to provide additional 
Student Center Board. The new game room access. 
space will be the section of the Soft Reserves workers will be 
Student Center adjacent to the able to help customers at an 
office located at the north end of additional window facing the 
the room. The area will be Triton Pub. The most impottant 
enclosed by a temporary wall improvement is the increased 
and will connect to the current storage space, the workers said. 
space through an existing door. rhe Student Center Board has 
About 10 square feet of area will been discussing expanding the 
be enclosed. Soft Reserves office since spring 

--------------- ---- ------------------------Vy------ 1985. The board originally 

Career 
Fair 
Continued from page 3 
"Such diversity is essential 
especiaUy when one considers 
that most graduates do not work 
in their majors: he said. 

"Most (company 
representatives) eagerly return .. . 
year after year, and as these 
companies have spread good 
repons, other companies have 
asked to participate: BaUey said. 

Representatives of 57 finns 
from San Die"" Los Angeles, 
Sacramento and the San 
Francisco Bay Area panicipated 
in last year's job fair. Bailey feels 
that fewer companies attended 

this year's fair due to a recession 
in personal computer and semi-
conductor industries affecting 
the opportunities in the electrical 
engineering job market Bailey 
cited one company that foresees 
laying-off 500 employees this 
year. 

"This job fair is one of the 
best," said one company 
representative. "When srudents 
interview, they should know a 
company's background, products, 
locations and goals. A student 
who shows informed interest 
stands a better chance of getting 
the ·ob." 

The job fair, previOusly held 
each year in February, was 
moved up to November this year. 
Bailey encouraged stUdents nOl. 
to delay their job hunting 
preparations. fi:I 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

THE GUTHRIE THEATER 
Charles Did"",s ' spler"lid(J' ";"i<l t"lKITtU'lers come to life ill Ibi, cl(lssie 510,,' of Pi/), lbe 
orplxll/ Ixl)' U'lxl lIN)u'S 11/1 I" be a [(''I'll/en/all of '/<"-'1I1 eX{J,!clations. .. 

November 15, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
St. $10.00, G.A. $15.00 

UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit. $12.00 
~~--. & UCSD Box Office: 452-6467 
' 1 1M' UIWM, ... J4IO i 'U/ I 
."SIC ...... ""' l U l .; t """, 
• 1 ,' .4S"~[Jl~ ' 1. llJ_ 

considered the expansion 
because of concerns that large 
amounts of paper in a small office 
constituted a fire hazard. Spaces 
previously considered for the 
new ponion of Soft Reserves 
incluoed the office of the AS 
Lecture Notes service and a 
closet by the rest rooms on the 
second floor of the Student 
Center. Student Center Board 
representative Roben Lewis said 
that at the end of the summer, 
the board had decided to put 
pan of Soft Reserves upstairs; 

.ii however, they later changed their 
dI minds because the strucrure of 

the Student Center was nOl. 
designed to suppon the weight 
of paper and human traffic that 
the service generates. 

----.... - Lewis said the board was 
Students sought summer job and career positions originally opposed to any new, 

Pleue tum to page 9 

SENIORS TO BE SHOT 
NOV. 11 .. 15 

The official Yearbook photographers, Delma 
Studios, have made special arrangements to have their 
portrait photographer on campus the week of 
November 11#15. All seniors are encouraged to set an 
appointment IMMEDIATELY, before it's too late 
to be included in the 1985/86 Triton Yearbook. 

For your convenience, the photographer will be in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge. 

Photos will be by appointment only, so you will 
need to call as soon as possible. In fact, why wait? 
CALL RIGHT NOW! The number is 452#3900. 

Having your portrait taken for the Yearbook is 

Suspect 

absolutely FREE 
OF CHARGE, 
and where else can 
you become a part 
of school history 
for FREE? 

Order forms for 
yearbooks will be 
available. 

Remember, 
that's Nov. 11#15 
for your shot at 
immortality, or 
you will undoubt# 
edly regret it the 
rest of your life! 

452-3900 
Sponsored by UCSD Alumni Association 



COME TO THE 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER T, 1985 

11 AM TO 2 PM 

TO WELCOME THE NOTED SAN 
DIEGO PSVCHIATRIST, DR. 

MARTIN GREENBERG, M.D., 
AUTHOR OF THE ACCLAIMED NEW 

BOOK, 

THE 
BIRTH 
OFA 

FATHER 
REFRESHMENTS! REFRESHMENTS! 

452-3844 

Eileen McDargh 

YOU ARE CORDIALLY 
INVITED TO MEET 

EILEEN McDARGH 
AUTHOR OF 

HOW TO 
WORK FOR A LIVING 

AND STILL BE 
FREE TO 

LIVE 

THIS IS THE PERFECT BooK FOR 
EVERYONE WHO MUST WORK 

BUT WHO STILL WANTS TO ENJOY 
LIFE ALONG THE WAY. 

THE PLACE: THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
THE TIME: THURSDAY, NOVEMBER T, 1988 

llAMT02PM 

PAPERBACK EDITION, ONLY .9.931 
REFRESHMENTSI 

Soft 
ReselVes 

enterprise 's earnings. At that 
time, the cost estimate was $800 
for the installment of the wall . 
and a door. Later, it was 
determined that the annex would 
cost $2900. Soft Reserves agreed 
to pay two-thirds of the cost; the 
Student Center Board will pay 
the remaining one-third. 

beside the multi-purpose room. 
lewis said the ~ard has chosen 
this temporary construction 
because it is inexpensive and 
qUick to build. The drywall may 
be removed when work begins 
on the University Center next 
fall. 

Nuclear 
Talk 
Continued (rom page 7 

Guest speakers at the 
conference included Dr. William 
Potter from UCLA, who 

Monday. November 4. 1985 9 
NEWS 

discussed anns control and 
proliferation, and Dr. Alan Greb, 
assistant director of the IGCC, 
who discussed international 
security. The speakers led 
students in anns control 
simulations, in which students 
played the roles of arms 
negotiators. 

Dr. Greb will give a lecture at 
UCSD on November 26 on 
nuclear arms control. ~ 

Continued from page 7 
expensive contruction in the 
Student Center since plans are 
underway for the new University 
Center and improvements of the 
old building are considered 
secondary. Major improvements 
in the existing Student Center 
will be made after the University 
Center is built. Approximately 
$500,000 will be allocated for the 
improvements, Lewis said . 

Lewis said the council has 
reviewed the costs and effects of 
the construction and he hopes 
they will finally approve it today. 
He said he hopes the addition 
will be complete in two weeks, 
but that this is unlikely. 

Soft Reserves is used by many 
professors to supply specialized 
class materials such as 
collections of required readings. 
They also sell study aids and 
supplements including copies of 
quizzes and tests from previous 
years and solutions to current 
homework. 

Remember to VOTE Tues. 
Soft Reserves offered (0 pay for 

the construction out of the 

The new room will be built of 
the temporary drywaU material 
that encloses the AS offices and 
student or::ganization offices 

Soft Reserves generated 
approximatdy $40,000 in 
revenue this year. ~ 

November 5,7 am to 5 pm 

HOUDAY COOKING 
) HOLIDAY FEAST 
(1 ) -VEGGIE STYLE 

OCT 
campua .-.-allon 

It's the 

• III. T_ r-t In crating 
• whoIaome and 
deIc!ooll meal fa. 
turlnll lI ... tabl ... 
dairy prockIc:ta. II1II 
grains In place 01 
me.t. Combining 
foods end rMritIon 
wII be ditclllled • 
_I. 

November 9 S10 
SIgn I4l and detail at x4007 
~ AI2nInIstIaIIII 0IIIceI 
Deportment c:J PtMIcoI Educafton 

The home of the 
39¢ hamburger 

i 

UY'''j Ot 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~--------------------~ ~ ---ALL AMERICANMEAL --- ~ . Quarter Poundere or Big Mace with Che,ese, II Large Fry, Medium-Size Soft Drink L<sh v. 1ut I 1001 I (tnl II 
II li mit o ne Loupon per " · J $1 99 11 II custome r. per VISIt. Please '0 US t . II 
II p re se nt cou p on whe n (I ) II ordenng. Not valid Wllh any P us tall 
II other offer. . Only at: II tn.) ~~d2~h":98' . . 714~.';!;;;;';.';:: ~ 

--------------------

Introducing the new 
Soft Contact Lens Plan, , . 
complete in one package. 

Package Plan! 
Everything you need at one to'" cost. The Package Plan pro\'idcs ("\'L'rything-
from your new contact lenses to \'ision examinations and t()lIo\\' oup can:. 
All at the low price of 17900• 

This package includes: 
• All professional services 
• Complete eye examination (glaucoma test and visual fields also) 
• Lens evaluation and fitting 
• Set of soft daily-wear lenses for myopes (nearsighted) 
• Care kit 
• FuU instructions and training 
• Personal Vision Report 
• lWo-month care program and money back guarantee 
• p\ari membership fees 

Umited~ime Offer 
To take advantage of this special offer, call for your appointment before November 15, 1985. \;,;.;._~""!Ji 
For your convenience we have evening and weekend appointments available. 
New fashion tinted contacts, soft extended-wear and gas permeable lenses are also available at 
very low costs. 

If you already wear contacts, ask about our special program and low prices for replacement lenses. 
Remember-The Package Plan 1 79J)() offer expires 11115/85. 
(Visa and Mastercharge accepted). 

PROFESSIONAL 
LajoUa Center 
(Near UCSD, above St. Germain's) 
3251 Holiday Court, Suite 203 
LaJoIla, CA 92037 

Mission Gorge Center 
(Near stadium and SDSU) 
10405 San Diego Mission Road, Suite 107 
San Diego, CA 92108 

visioncare 
CENTERS 

(619) 4'7-1181 (619) 283-9201 



MONDAY ..... DAY 
........ 00 ..... - PAl ConfI!rerns -
Don't spend more time ~ng than 
necessaryl Sdledule a one-to-one PAl 
{personal assIstalcr for learningl ~ 
to streamline your studying. The miter I!IICrS 
will deal with your CDUlSe materials CDnCrrroS 
including readlng a:lII1l"C!hI!nsion, memory 
control, lecture not~aklng, and test 
preparation, as well as how to mat'lage your 
time, handle stress, concentrate better, cn:I 
CMfCDlTle procrastination. Sponsora:I by the 
OASIS Reading and ~ Skills Center. In HL 
1058. 
...... 100 ..... - OASIS Writing Center 

~IS free service for all UCSD students who 
net!d pre-wrlting help, co~ences on drafts, 
and editing advicr. We engage arty kind of 
writing and any kind of writing ~. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Everling appointments are also available in 
OASIS Third Place at Third College. IFor the 
full range of services see the back of the 
rurrent class sched.llel. call 452-2284 or 
come by USB 4010 to make an appointment. 
This service is available throughout the 
quarter. Sponsored by the OASIS W'rltlng 
Center. 
................. -O~IS NICHEW'riting 
tutorials and workshops In Sut?Ject A In HL 
1544. 
9aOO .... 100 ..... - Grammar Moses 
Hodine - A hotline pnone-;n service br help 
with diction, grammar and punctuation 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 
452-2284 betWeen 9 am & 4 pm Monday 
through Friday. ~ce iMlilable ttr"oug,oot 
the quarter. 
MONDAY 
JIOO.JIIO pili - HoIIv to Concentrate -
To get the most out of studying, ~'s mind 
must be fowsed wholly on the su~ at 
hand, yet daydreaming, procrastination, cn:I 
other mer1tal escapes consistently lM1dermine 

EntertaInment 
"""'I!SDAY 
IlOO pili - SONOR, UCSD Conter11>Of'ary 
MusIc Ensemble opens its season with a 
delightful program of Nnerican cofTllOS«S. 
In MandNille Aud. $'I general admission, SI 
students/staff/seniors. 
SAn.DAY 
IlOO ..... - The La Jolla CMC/Univ. 
S}'I11)t"or¥ conductor, Thomas Nee, will 
perform earl Ortfs "Carmina Burana." In 
Mandeville Aud. 55 general admission, 53 
students/staff/seniors. 
SUNDAY 
JIOO pili - The La Jolla CMC/Lillv. 
S)'nl:>tDr¥ conductor, Thomas Nee, will 
perform Carl Or1rs "Carmina Burana." In 
Mandeville Aud. $5 general admission, 53 
students/staff/seniors. 

~ 
l1mDAY 

~7" pili - Pre-Dental students -
Part" of Dr. Tanaka's Facial Pain Seminar will 
o::Ner ~. call Geri x4022 if interested. 
At UCSD Med. Center. 
7aOO ..... - ~ for Advancement of 
Managerne1t presents a discussion with 
OMIIe Redenbacher, the Popcom King, on 
"Brand Management and Success in 
Business." Free popwm. In the North Cont. 
Rm. 
....".DDAY 
7 ...... - International fireside !eaure 
series with Dr. Manzar Foroont speaking on 
Nicaragua: The Role of the catholic Church 
in the Sandanista Revolution. l..ectures are 
followed with audience question and 
disrussion session. Free refrestments. In the 
International Center. 
..... DAY 
.110 ...... 100 ..... - American Chemical 
Sodety - Younger Chemist COITlI'I'lIttee Road 
Show - Come hear 10 speakers from 
industry disaJsslng careelS in the chemistty 
ind.istry, and how to get jobs in theinc1Jstry. 
lunch included in registration fee, 53. To 
register see Denise In UH 1001. 
O1HD 
MONDAY-PlBDAY 

- 'ThanksgIvIng Canned Food Drive. 
N'SA/NV::.F ask for your generous donation 
of canned foods : canned lTlPats, soups, 

~, etc., to benefit the U'lIon br Pan-
Asian CornrrunIties. Bring camed goods to 
the IV'SA of'IIce in Student Center or atNV::.F 
meetir iJQ5. 

OrganIzational 
Meetings 
MOMMY 
.... ,. - ~ UCSO Speedl and Demtr 
TeMn meets ~ Monday at 5:~ in room 

203 ~ Student Center Bldg. A Iby!he ~ 
located Soft ~I. Come learn how to br 
a ~ arid ~ speaker. Contact 
ChrIs ~o, team coad'1. 
'ftMPMY 
.... .... - National Sodety of Black 
Ellgineels meed! 9 . We will begin planning 
ewltS b \IW1ter quarter. C<:lrne and bring a 

rriend. In Ihr Cori. en SIud. Ctr. Bldg. 8. 
....... -lsrarlAction CoImi~general 

~Ig. In USB 402111. 
.. , AMy 

.. I ...... - NSA Is hMlg a general 
m~~tlng to discuss the upcoming 
lhar1ksgMng ~ Food Drive, as 
~ as 10 plan aaMdts for \Mnter quarter. 

students' efforts to master clmrult material. 
The ablll1y to conc:rntrate the mind on a 
chosen topic Is a powoerful ~ tool. Learn 
how to center ycur attention and keep your 
mind from wandering. Sponsored by !he 
Ql\SIS Reading & Stu~ Skills Center. In HL 
1154. 
ntaDAY 
... ..ZIOO ..... - The lMlguage 

~an Level I - Ttis OASIS progrMn 
focuses on the thinking sldlls ycu need to 
sucessfulty handle the reading and writing 
tasks ass/g1ed In your courses. It Is desqled 
for those who want to perfect their English 
language sldlls. lP classes are ta91t by 
reading and writing specialists and bll/nguaI 
tutors. lP Is presented by the Qt\S/S Writing 
Center and the O<\SIS Rradlng Center. In 
USB 4010. 
1IIIBiNDDAY 
.....1110 ..... - How to Concrntrate -
To get the most out of ~ one's mind 
must be focused wholly on the sut!ject at 
har1d. yet da>t'drMnlng. proaastnation, and 
other inerul escapes consistently undern'*le 
students' efforts to master cI1'IIcult material. 
The ability 10 CXIflcrntrate the nWld on a 
chosen topic Is a powoerful ~ tool. Learn 
row to center your attentk:In and keep your 
mind from wandering. Sponsored by the 
Qt.SIS RNdIng & Stu~ Skills Center. In HL 
1154. 
...aAY 
... ,0100 _ - The OtUIS GM 
{Grammar & Medlanksl IJIA:)rIcshop Is 
des/aled for students who would lik~ to 
work on clari~g basic grammatical 
concepts and categories, and appMng them 
il ~, systernatlc sene Of practical 
exercises. An exercise manual to br 
purchased by the student will be used. All 
\NOlte will be CDrfl)Ieted in the context of t~ 
wortcshop. In USB 4010. 

ThIs Is yoor dlancr to get i"NoIIIedl '/bur ~ 
Is needed. In the North Conference Room. 
IlOO ,.. - American ChemIcal Society -
s.udent AIIIIIab! meeting. New tacul1y 
menlbet, Dr. BrIan, to speak on her \NOlte in 

c~1I biology and biophysics . Fr~e 
refrestm!nts. EYeI)'one show ~I In UH 
1000. 
... DAY 
..00 pili - Vietnamese Student 
Assodadon: Come join us as we p/M 
actMtIes br the rest of the quarter. In the 
Rewlie InbrmaI Lounge. 
_CBATION 
~Y 
12 ..... 00 p. - "My Personal 
L.1Indsc;ones" by M/norI Yata at MandeIIIftr 
Annex Gallery UCSO, rdlrt arid round 
sculpture closing reception . Free . 
1ItUWIIMY 
......... - The 'Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great CQIl1)iII'1Y. Sponsored by the 
CatholIc SCUdent Coordinators. In the 

~ l..utt1eran Church. DonatIon 52. 
MIIMY 
........ - Merl's Intercollegiate waterpoIo 
game 'is. the Air Force ~. At the 
~pooI. 
•• 00-•• 00 pllt - " My Personal 
UIndscapes" by MInori Yata at MandevIlle 
Mnex Gallery UCSO,retlet and round 
srulpture dosing reception. Free. 
7 ...... - Iguana A-GcXjo NIght . .Join 
the TrI1Dn \NCIf1'Ien'S IIOI/e)'ball team 'is. 
CaIState Dominguez Hills and bring a friend 
for a c:hancr 10 win some I~arla-~'s. 
1\No b the price of one with a coupon, w/o 
coupon $1. In the MaIn G)m. 
SAn.DAY 
, .... __ 1100 ..... - Takepatt In creating 
a wtDIesomr and delicious meal ~abJrIng 
vegetables, dairy products and grains, il 
place of meat. Combing bxts and ~ 
will be disa I$sed as wrtI. In the Rrc. Conf. 
Rm. kitchen, SIO per person. 
, ...... ,100 ..... - A ttYee hour 
wortcshop deIIoted to sheer ilclJIgrnceI 
Le." to whip up deIIc.ades Ike ~ 
mousse pfr, rood pfr, chocoIaIe grand 
marnIer saJcr, fudge and chocolate bnd.Ie. 
E\ter)olr wli ~ in ChIs. so bMg an 
ipon. Req,e pDagr inclJded. In the Rrc. 
CorI. Rm. 1dtd1en, 510 per person. 
I ...... 1100 ... - Bnng your )IOtJrlg 
mes 10 make ~ Gleetill9 Qrds wf* 
you erJoy the 010C0IaIr \IobItcshopI Three 
hours i:Jb! and aeMMty b ~ c.t 
le4031. 
1Z ... PIlI - Men's Int~rcolleglate 
WIb!rpOIo game YS. Loyola MaI)1mount 
U1IwmIty. In the ~ pool. 
SAn.lAY-suNlMY 
-1Iac:Icpadmg at Mt SarI JadnID: 530. Sigrl 

up and details in Rrc. G)m or call x4037. 

Servlces/Workshops 
MONDAY .... DAY' 
............... - Education Beyond the 
Classroom - What Is 1t1 How can you getlt1 
What will it do for you 1 Get the answers at 
ASI01 Stop by our ofllce on the second IIoor 
of the Sludent Center UNe the gan'II!I oom 
or call 452-4689. Look b our internship of 
the Wrt!!k: In the ~ Bulrtinl 
MONDAY 
1J1DO.1aOO .... - Let Go Of Stress And 
RrIax. For all UCSO students, ttis group Is 
des/g1ed to trach methods of relaxing and 
deaIWlg wItt1 stress whIc:tl can be used for a 
1IMIme. Techniques wtll include tRatting 
exercises, biofeedback, progressive 
relaxation, autogenic training, guided 
lmaget}', mrdtatIon, ~ and time-
management Meets ead'I week this quarter. 
Students ~ attend ., sessions or drop In to 
ar?J one of them as conIIenIent. Led by 
Maynard BrusnwI. SCUdI!nts should call 
BecGl at 452-3755 b Inbmation and 
s/glJp. Sponsored by Psychologk:al and 
CounsrIJng SrrvIcrs. In Hl. 1003. 

~ ... - DiaphragmlCondoml The 
PllJllhr Spongel We don't ask br ecperIencr, 
we rjve Itl '1bu 1M)n't read It In a booIc. you'. 
IIIIr ItI Come be one of the few, the proud, at 
the Bk1h ControIlnbmatIon SrssIon. It's not 
).1st a talk. It's ., adIe1a.IreILPstairs at !he 
Student Healtt1 Center. 
... 1 ... ,.. - OveImming COf11XJ/sive 
EatIngI'Red III. ThIs graup is br studrnts who 
wish to give ~ thrIr obsession with food and 
who ~Ire personal growth. Journal 
IMiting. psychoIogIcaIleSdng and fe!dback, 
and relautlon arid Imagery work will be 
used. Led by Beverly Harju and Isabel Lerman. 
Call 8eYer/y at 452-3987 br Information and 
s/gHJp. In HL 1003. 
4aOD •• 00 ,.. - HeacBc:tle Management 
Group. ThIs is a group for students who are 
dYonic headictlr suIl'erers. I'artidpa'1ts will 
learn stress redIctlon mctw iques, as well as 
other headache trNtment procedures. 
IntI!I'eSted students should Q/lIeader, ~ 
McClellan. at 452-3035 br Intmnation 
about signing up. Sponsor~d by 
PsychoIogic.a/ and CCIunseIIng Services. In the 
Student Health SeNIce. 
1WPMY 
...... _ - IIea:Mmg From fatilg 
DIsorders/AI!d III. ThIs PAP Is for students 
who wish to ~ up their oIJIeSSion with 
food and wt10 delft personII growth. 
..bmaI writing. p$)d dogIcII IIeSdng and 

~, anc:/ refaIIaCion nllmagery \WIt 
wi. be used. Led by MiI}'nIrd 8rusmar'I nI 
peer counselor. QitI MiI)<Nrd at 452-~35 
for i'Ibrnation and ~ 
.... ,0111 pili - AduJts Molested As 
CNIdren group organtDtionaI meftIIlg. A 
group b' men and women INho were 
molested In chIktlood 0( adoIesa!nce by 
strangers, a<XI~rances indIor family 
ITIembM. Inteested studI!nts should call 
MItian IasupcMd 145~37551 0( LorraIne 
Watson /452-JCM7J lOr Inbmadon. If you 
cannot ~ ttis time f*ase cal and make 
an incIIItctJaI iflPC* 10 I lei It as group tImr may 
be c:M1gec11n HL 1003. 
1J.a.1 .. pIII- She kMsyou y~ ~ 
Yeah. She kMs)OU YRtt ~ y~. And 
with a IoIie like that, ~ knowyou should be 
at the BIrth Control Inbmarlon SessIon. 

~rs at Ihr SIudent HeaIIh Center. 
1.00-4 •• 0 pllt - Overcoming 
ProcrastinatJon: 1hIs wortcshop Is b ~ 
who f!ets pressured beC.iIIM ~ delaying 
tactics. ~ purpose ~the IM)fbhop series is 
to undersUnd the SOUf'teS, pcMI'II!f' and 
pobleilS ~ ~ The wortcshop 
wllexplore ways of 0YeI mmilg the habit of 
procrastination and offer ways of 
OYeIcomiIl9 the habit of proaastlnation and 
oIfer hope to Its W:tIms. Led by ~ Pates, 
452-3456. In the Revefle College Provost's 
omcr. 
wa,.nMY 
1Z1OO ..... - We sure hope you made It to 
~ or TuesdIy's BInh Control /nt) 
Sessions... because teday's has beer! 
c.anceUedIfI If you missed out.Pln us next 
IIW!rk. 
1J.o.1 .. pIII- General Thmpy Group 
for l.hdrr9'aclJate SbJderU. Wli -tbcus on 
personal and interpenoIlII COIIcetnS of 
goup 11'IerI'Ibm. Led by .Jom MaNIS ald 
Ube weiss. Group leaders CMl be reached at 
452-3755 b I'i1CR Inb'mIrlon and to sI!Jl 
up. In HI.. 1003. 
I ... JaIO ,. - AssertIOn TraIr*lg Group 
for \IA)men. A group des91ed b' VIIOf'iIS'I 
\M1O IeeI t.nSlft ibout asser1tIg theW needs 
In work. personiIO( ~~ Led 

~ ConnIe BrunIg. c.t her at 452-358S br 
/nt) and S9l up. In the MuIr Qri. 11m. 
........... - c.aqu BlIck Fonm A 
~, It Ibma/ <Iso mm on the Issues, 
CDlICefI IS. and !he ~ ~ II! d the IIadc 
CDI'III'iIJIWly at UC:SO. this Is ... ... 9JIng 
group and SIUd!nCs C3f1 pin at .wy time . 
SIudenIs C3f1 Ql/llelders PhI .... at 452-
37550( RochEIe Bastien at 452-3035 'they 
hM! iIPJ cp!St/Onl; octEi wisto they can.PI 
mmr 10 the group. In the MourUIn \/lew 
Loungr. 

ale 
7. pili - /bind Table PIzza ~ .Join 
the Triton VIICfI'Ien'S YOIIe)OaII teMn vs. 
QapmarI, then join 1hI!m for pizza aItrr the 
game at Round Table In U'IIversIty City. Get 
your aqxJnS at the game. In theMaii G)m, 
51. 
1NURIDAY 1. JIIO ,.. - Gay,lB/sela IaI Men's 
CouIwtIng Group. 0n-g0/I19 COl ~tial 
group for male students quest/cri'lg their 
sexuality, as wrII as those who identify as 
g;lyjbisecual. Meets weetcIy. Students can 
c.aII /eaders, Dr. ~ 8racti, c.arm NrIson 0( 
Marc WeUJrlgl!l, at 452-3755 for more 
Inbmtlon. Sponsored by ~I and 
CounseIng SeMces. In HI.. 1003. -
,. ZIIO ,.. - Ilecl:MrIng From EatIng 
DIsorders Group IRED III. This group Is 
desQ1ed for studI!nts who haIo<e ~ 
worked on NtInQ dIsoIdmand area.wren~ 
In the process r:A gMng up a serious eating 
P cbIrm. Focus will be on other areas ~ 
living while otre1ng support ~ this 
transltlonal tirnr. Led by MIrIam IosupcMcI 
and peer counselor. call MIriam at 452-3755 
for ilbmadon and s/grHJp. In HL 1003. 
MllaAY 
JaOO ... - Alcohol and ~ Abuse 
Group. If )Q.IVr fNf!f asked -do I ha\.te a 
pioblemT chana!s .e you do ha\.te a few 
1hIngs 10 talk about. Sludents of iIPJ ~ or 
hIsIDfy with SlDta iCCS are IM!Icome to 
~ In Ihr weetcly elsa 1SSIons. Brb'e 
.JoIr*1g Ihr group. It lb!Iested students are 
asked to cal Becca at 452-375510 make an 

~ IDle It with one of CU' munsetors to 
see If the group wtI meet their needs. Led ~ 
Dan MnlII and~ Interns. In the 
IlM!IIe Pn:Mlst's Oller. 
S MY 
~... ,. - Gay MerI,lLesbian 
Suppoat Group. 0n-g0It 19 support pip b SPY""''' men If1d \M)ITIef1, as wetI as 
Ihose IM10 are ~ (JIeStb Ii Ig their 
secuaIIly. 'MIl 111ft( weekN on a drap-in 
balls. Led ~ ICNn w.d. 452-4297. In HI.. 
1003. 

Religious functions 
~Y 
7111 .. -AN:.F, Asl.-.AmerIcan Olristian 
FeIowstip. T~ wr ~ proud to ha\.te 
filch Hong as our guest speaker. RIch Is the 

hracI of all MCF groupsl Come hear him 
speak on how we should br In ChrIst while of 
this world. In the North ConI. Rm. Student 
Center B. 
IlOO ..... - "ReIationshIps: Depth in 
Friendships." A med bible talk led by coIIegr 
minister Jim Curran. DesIgled to apply 
biblical prindpIes to cu IM!s i'1 a practical, 
relev.n. and ~ Wtfy. ChristIan 
SIudents Assoc. In HS5 2250. 
n.sDAY 
1ZIOO ... - CorrmJter Bible ~. A bible 
elsa m/on drs/g1ed spedfIc.aIIy br students 
living off camupus. Come meet some new 
friends. Christian Students Assoc. In the 
5rudent Center B, lounge. 
1JaOO ..... - Faculty bible talk. A practical 
<Iso mion for faculty and their friends, 
Includes all persons working at UCSO. Led by 
mltlister and semnar spsker Gordon 
Fer!JJSOfl Christian Students Assoc. In the 

~ Formal Lounge. 
7100 pili - ~s Crusade For Christ. 
~CoIIegr LIfr." Come hear San Wiliams 
{chaplain to the SDSU Aztec FocXbaII Team, 
speak on dating and relationships. Don't rriss 
ttis great time of fun and a IooIc at Dvr, sex 
and dating. In BH 2105. 7. pili - Tuesdiiy Night [)icol$s/oo 
Group. An opporturity 10 explore with 
others IM\at It means 10 be a Cathok: in 19851 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
CoordInaors. In the CathoIc Lounge at 
lkWersII¥ Lutheran Church. 
..."IaIMY 
.... _ - EvangelIcal pr¥" goup. In the 
I.CIungr ~ the t..kWenIly LutherMl Church. 
...... - Supper br snJdents hosted by 
Ihr luIher.-. COmrn.nty at UCSO, open to 
.... In the room behind the chapel at the 
liWersIly Luther.-. OUch.. 
7100 .... - BIble Sbqt. lhr Gospet ~.JotrI 
Is the topic. led by the Lutheran 
studrnt/)toung adult group. open to 
ewryonr. In the U'1Mr1Ity LuCher.-. Church. 
:="1:' - Inter-VMSIty ChrlstJan 

~ rneecs eI«'f Wed. this weetc is 
no eq epcbJl We'regoJng to~!he"~ 
game. H I don't know IM\at ChIt Is so tI)Q.I 
\II8r1t 10 lind out ptIs hA1r some real and 
.~ ~wlthsomewldandcrazy 
Chrtsti.-.s. Jc*1 &.lSI AbsoII~ ~ Is 
llllelmmel In the Cl1IrtcrIor's CorI1JIex lilA. 

Monday, Novtmba 4, 1985 II 

7100 ..... - Bible ~. In the Good 
Samaritan Episcopal Church. 
1 ......... - G1ncIrIiglt Mass. Sponsored 
by the catholic CommunIty at UCSO. In the 
~ of the l.ilIVersity Lutheran Church. 
'ltAlllSlMY 
1 .... _ - 0fI'ice of Religious AIt.Jirs suit 
rneetng of Catholic. Pro~ and .Jewish 
C/er!l(. In Bldg. B, Conf. Rm. 
1ZdD ..... - -Genetic Science for Htman 
Brnefit" presented by Dr. J. ~ NI!tson, 
following a faculty uncheon, with response 
by Dr . .JotrI MendeIotr, professor of political 
science at UCSO. At the Intematlonal Center 
on carJllUS. 
Il00 ..... - Dr. J . Robert NI!tson will spNk 
on -Human lh as Criteron of Science." In 
PH. 

~Y 
.......... - A 2 diIy/2 f191t canlJing ~ to 
Mt. Palomar. Leallng from the Cattlollc 
Lounge at the UWersIty Lutheran Church. 
Cost Includes transportation, food, 
equipment rental arid site. Meet at the 
Catholic Lounge In the U'We'sity Luthean 
Church. 
7aOO .... - Chi ~ Christian FeIIowstIp 
will be meeting. In the ChancrflolS Coq)Iex 
lilA. 
SAn.BIAY 
........ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Comnu1ily at UCSD. In the 
l..hNersi,¥ Luthrran Church. 

~Y 
Me • 10100 _ - ~ ChurttI 
'NOrstip SeMcr: ~ EucharistandPartsh 
retIowstip. In Ihr Good s.nantan Churd\. 
.. _ -CatholIc Mass. Sponsored by the 
CaIt10Ic Cormuily at UCSO. In Ihr 

~ I.JAt1eran thurth. 
, ... _ -I..utherin 'MlrShIpseMceClp8'l 
to .... In the ~ WIher.In Churd\. 
, ... _ - Catt1DIc MIss.. SpoillDled ~ 
Ihr CatholIc CormuIIty at uc:so. In the 
l.cJwer Lewf CorI. en. $IucBa Qnw B. 
........ -CathQlcMass. Spa IIDItd I¥the 
Catt10IIc Cormu1Ity at UCSO. In the 
U'Mfs/t;V lIaheran Oud\ 
7 ..... - l..tWersay ChrtsIUn ~ 
open 10 ~ led ~ Aca::aaa c-.u 
lIIi listers. AI. the CNpeI d the U'iCI ~ 
Whr.-. 0Uch.._ 



An Officers' Mafia in EI Salvador? 
By KENNEnt E. SHARPE 

SUPPOSE A group of high-ranking U.S. officers conspired with an arms 
manufacturer to pUfer hundreds 
of thousands of dollars through a 
rigged contract. Say that as part 
of the deal, the company bought 
cheap, faulty Yugolslavian 
ammunition, relabeled it "Made 
in the U.SA" and sold it to El 
Salvador. If the public found out 
about the scam, there would be 
an outcry and calls for an 
immediate investigation and the 

and Salvadoran officials confirm 
this view. Such mafiosi have no 
interest in the kind of negotiated 
settlement that could end the 
current bloddy stalemate; those 
in Washington who say they 
back the military in the hope of 
providing breathing space for the 
democratic reforms proclaimed 
by President Jose Napoleon 
Duarte have bedded down with 
dangerous allies. 

Salvadoran military and 
oaramilitarv forces have been 

Barrios Military School one must 
be recommended by a high-
ranking officer; children from 
military men's families get 
preferential treatment, creating a 
military caste. The harsh 
demands of military academy life 
cause each cadet to form close 
bonds with his tanda, or 
graduating class, and those ties 
are strengthened after 
graduation,as the officers rise 
through the ranks together, often 
becomi",~ lZodfather's to one 

Three CatholIC nuns and a lay worker were kiUtd in December, 1980 in El Salvador. The following May, women 
dressed as blood-covered nuns confronted Secretary of State Haig at a Syracuse University commencement speech. 
U.S. government compliCIty in such violence was leading to moral outrage. 

punishment of the guilty parries. 
Such a transaction did take 

place in 1983, only the officers 
were Salvadoran, not American. 
The affair evoked little comment 
either in the United StateS or in 
El Salvador. AJustice Department 
probe was launched more than a 
year and a half ago, but it has 
yet to produce an indictment. 

"As lieutenant colonel 
people offer you nice 
little business deals" 
-u.s. diplomat 

What the officer did was 
shocking, but in El Salvador it 
was business as usual. 

Recent interviews with 
Salvadorans living in the United 
Slates and with one Colonel 
Reyes, a former senior officer 
who asked that his name not be 
used and whose information has 
proved reliable in the past, 
suggest that the case is only one 
example of how the Salvadoran 
officer corps, or much of it, 
functions as a mafia in uniform. 
Reoorts bv iournalists and U.S. 

Ken neth E. SluJrpc is an associate 
professor <f political science at 
SlI(Jrthmore College. Heisan editor of 
Confronting Revolution: Security 
Through Diplomacy in Central 
America , forthcoming from 
Pantheon. This article was obtained 
courtesy of The Nation. 

brutal in their repression of 
dissent and reform, and savage 
against civilian noncombatants 
in their prosecution of the war. 
After the brief political opening 
created by the reformist officers' 
coup in October 1979, the 
actions of the military and the 
death squads, which often do its 
bidding, convinced centrists and 
leftists seeking peaceful reform to 
tum to armed insurgency. Since 
then, as many as 60,000 
Salvadoran have been killed, the 
vast majority of them by the 
armed forces. Congressional 
pressure in 1983 convinced the 
military to rein in ~he death 
squads and suppon Duane's 
election as the price for massive 
U.s. aid . But Amnesty 
International's June 1985 report 
finds that death squad activity 
and tonure continue and accuses 
the Salvadoran govememnt of 
"gross violations" of human 
rights through indiscriminate air 
attacks on civilians. 

But little serious attention is 
paid to the corruption of the 
Salvadoran military. Although 
many will readily admit that, of 
course , it is corrupt, corruption 
being a natural characteristic of 
Third World militaries, few 
realize how essential such 
corruption is to the institution, 
and how hypOCritical and 
unrealistic that makes U.s. 
policy. 

The officer corps' role in 
Salvadoran society traditionally 
has been to proVide upward 
mobility for ambitious young 
men in a rigid , oligarchical social 
structure. To enter the Gerardo 

another's children. Each tanda -
some u.s. diplomats call them 
mafia families - has a 
president. During their lhrity-
year military career many officers 
make contacts and form alliances 
with other tandas in preparation 
for assuming high-level 
government posts. 

At the apex of this system is 
the secretive Armed Forces 
Security Council. Col. Roberto 
Santivanez, former head of EI 
Salvador's intelligence agency 
and now a critic of the militaty, 
has explained to the The 
Christian Science Monitor that the 
council is composed of seven to 
ten members of the most 
powerful tandas and includes the 
Army Chief of Staff, the Defense 
Minister, the Vice Minister of 

The military reigns 
supreme in two areas: 
in the conduct oj war 
and in business. 
Defense and the heads of the Air 
Force, Treasury Police, National 
Police and National Guard. In an 
Op-Ed anicle in The Boston 
Globe , Leonel Gomez, who in 
1980 was the deputy director of 
the government land reform 
agency and who fled to the 
United States after his boss was 
assassinated for denouncing 
rnilitary corruption, writes: 

For five years council members 
dictate policy and oversee every 
action of the Army and security 
forces. And for five prosperous 

years, the council members and 
their allies within the armed 
forces will become fabulously 
wealthy through systematic 
corruption , fraud and 
kickbacks. At the end of five 
years, the council members 
retire, and the next class of 
tanda leaders move in to take 
their place. 

Junior officers are poorly paid 
and lead a hard, dangerous life 
in the field , but when they reach 
the rank of major or lieutenant 
colonel, lucrative opponunities 
for small·scale graft open up. In 
April of last year Colonel 
Santivanez toid reporters for The 
Washington Post about a POrt 
commander who received 
thousands of dollars in kickbacks 
from shrimp fishermen who 
need his stamp of apporval to 
sell their shrimp. local 
commanders stationed along the 

Humberto Romero Mena, Lieut. 
Col. Rene Francisco Guerra y 
Guerra, one of the initiators of 
the coup, served briefly as acting 
general manager of ANTEL. In 
Weahnm and Deceit: U.s. Policy 
and El Salvador, Bonner repons 
that on Guerra y Guerra's second 
day on the job: 

he was approached by the 
under secretary of justice, who 
offered him an $80,000 bribe. 
The Cabinet official was also a 
lawyer for a European company 
that was bidding on a 
communications equipment 
contract. A few days later he 
upped the offer to $120,000. 
Guerra y Guerra told President 
Romero about the bribe . 
Romero responded by 
dismissing not the justice 
minister but Guerra y Guerra. 

Examining the ANTEL files , 
"Guerra y Guerra found between 

When Pope John Paul II visited Nicaragua in 1983, he scolded Ernesto 
Cardenal, who had become Minister of Culture after the revolution. "You 
must straighten out your position with the Church," the pope reportedlY 
said, referring to restrictions on political activity by c/trgy. 

Guatemalen and Honduran 
borders exact private import fees 
of as much as several thousand 
dollars a month from trucking 
companies, he said. A senior 
U.S. diplomat told former New 
Yom Times correspondent 
Raymond Bonner, 'By the time 
you get to be lieutenant colonel, 
people are offering you nice little 
business deals, or you're a military 
attache somewhere and smuggling 
like a champ." 

But the big money is made by 
the higher-ups. The largest 
"businesses" are operated from 
high-level positiOns in the 
government. Two major military 
sinecures are ANlEL and CEl, 
the government-owned telephone 
and power companies, 
respectively, whose multimillion-
dollar equipment contracts 
involve lucrative kickbacks. 
"Evety time the guerrillas knock 
out a power pylon, the colonels 
make 20 percent on each 
replacemnt," Colonel Reyes told 
me. Before the October 1979 
coup, which ousted Gen. Carlos 

$12 million and S18 million in 
fictitious invoices relating to an 
earth satellite station." 

Perhaps the most notorious 
pre-1979 case involved the Army 
Chief of Staff, Col. Manuel 
Rodriguez, who was arrested 
when he tried to sell $30 million 
worth of U.S.-supplied 
armaments to two Mount Kisco, 
New York, detectives posing as 
underwork! representatives. 
Rodriguez'S offer so angered the 
Ford Administration that it 
suspended aid to El Salvador. 
The case provided a rare glimpse 
of the thoro~ing criminal 
character of me-military: a deal 
that big had to involve the high 
command. It was widely known 
in B Salvador that the President 
and Defense Minister were in on 
it. 

The coup brought important 
changes. At first, the Armed 
Forces Security Council was 
expanded to include 
representatives of the younger, 
more progressive officers who 

PleaK tum to pege 13 

Officer foul-play 
in EI Salvador 
Continued from pegc 12 
had planned the coup. Those 
officers were isolated or purged 
from top positons by late 1980, 
but ironically the reforms that 
they and civilian members of the 
early juntas pushed through 
(nationalization of the banks and 
of expon trade, and the first 
stages of land reform) provided 
new opportUnities for plunder, as 
the state's economic role 
expanded. 

The first step has been 
described in a number of U.S. 
WJvernment audits, including one 
by the General Accounting 
Office. The cash transfers are 
supposed' to provide dollars so 
that Salvadoran businessmen can 
impon needed goods. 
Businessmen buy the dollars they 
need from the central bank, 
paying in colons at the official 
rate, which is much cheaper 
than buying dollars on the open 

participate in this scam, the 
colons paid to the central bank 
for the U.S. dollars make possible 
the second stage of the .scam 
and provide the boon for the 
military. Until recently the local 
currencies raised by these cash 
transfers went into the 
government's general revenues 
and could be used anywhere in 
the budget because of a special 
waiver granted by Al.D. A 
February 1985 repon to the Arms 
Contol and Foreign Policy 
Caucus by Representatives Jim 
Leach and George Miller and 
Senator Mark Hatfield concluded 
that one major purpose served 
by the cash transfer funds was to 
expand the armed forces. In 
other words, under the guise of 
economic aid , the military 
received tens of millions of 
dollars for which it did not have 
to account to any u.s. agency. 

, r 

Monday, Nowmbcr +. 1985 13 
FEATURES 

The leftist insurgency, partially 
triggered by increased military 
repression, helped create another 
source of corruption: U.S. aid. 
Between 1980 and 1985, 
Washington poured in $1.7 
billion in economic and military 
assistance. How much of the 
economic aid was pocketed is 
hard to estimate. There is 
evidence from a 1984 audit done 
by the inspector general's office 
at th~ United Staes Agency for 
International Development that 
SI.+ milion of the 529'miUion 
AI.D. gave to the Agricultural 
Development Bank was used for 
unauthorized purposes. But 
perhaps most significant is the 
two-step process involving so-
called economic support funds, 
cash transfers for balance of 
payments support given to El 
Salvador's central bank, which 
totaled 5585 million between 
19l1J and 1985. 

$1 .4 million oj $29 million for agricultural 
aid was used for unauthorized purposes 
-u.s. inspector general's office 

market. This aspect of the 
program is clearly a subSidy to 
the private sector, but the fraud 
comes in when the businesmen 
inDate the cost of imports and 
loot the program of tens of 
thousands of dollars. A 
businessman who wanted 550,00 
worth of seed would present the 
bank with an invoice for 
575,000. He would pay the 
550,000 to the U.S. supplier (or 
sometimes set up his own fake 
company in the United Stares) 
and deposit the extra 525,000 in 
a Miami bank account. 

Although officers undoubtedly 

PhD PI ogr.IIS In 
CUNICAL PSYCHOLOGY 

ancIINDUS1RIAL/ 
ORGANIZAnONAL 

PSYCHOLOGY 
The california School of Professional PSychology-San 
Diego will be on GaI'Jl)US Wednesday. I\bIember 20th 
at 12:00 ooon and 1:00 p.m. to present its gradJate PhD 
programs in clinical and industrial/organizational 
psychology. Af¥lne interested is invited to attend. 
Career Services Center. Multi-Purpose Room. 
CSPP-SD is fully accredted by the Western Association 
of Schools and Colleges and the American 
Psychological Association. 

Fall Quarter InstructOIS have 
been not111ed that the return 
process will start November 4 

and should make that 
announcement in class. 

If you bave not yet purchased 
Pall Quarter Tntboob 

please do so before 
November 4, 1985. 

Criticism by the ·GAO. and 
members of Congress recently 
led to tightening of accounting 
procedures, but the general 
problem still remains: by 
supponing nonmilitary 
government expenditures in this 
way, the United States effectively 
frees up funds for the military, 
whose use is subject to little 
scrutiny. 

Many are the schemes to 
siphon off these funds. Bonner 
explains that the Defense Ministry 
"routinely filed false reports 
about the number of bullets that 

A Ronald Reagan mask in the Bread and Puppet theater of 
New York City in a show on the struggle andJaithfrom Cen-
tral America. "The Reagan Administration has little incentive 
to press for changes because it is trying to package the Salva-
doran military as prodtmocratic." -Kenneth Sharpe 
~Ieae tum to .,. 14 

Navy 
Health 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

• you hcMt ~ occapted bv. ex <R enrolled at. on approved 
ICI'lOoI a medIcII ... ex 0II80pattly. you rrav qualify for the No\Iy 
HeoIIh ~a . 00 IS Scholarship Pft:vom 
,.. a schOIonhip 5ludent the No\Iy pavs; 
e vo.x lUI tuition. QJlhOItZed !eM and ~ 

8IIp8I-
e the COIf a required bOOks and suppIIaI (19imbuIIed 

to you); 
e..,IaI ... 1or nec.orv ~t IUCtt a& ~ and 
e a f1'lOnItWV COlt> povrnant directIv to you (.Jbii,ct to 

lOla). You can I.e ItIis ~ 01 you ~ 
\I\Na at SChool the NIJIIV 0:- not ~ \oIIIh vo.x 

ocodai,oic lie. You won't IlCMt to oIfend mIitary horting 01 
cHIs. 01 __ Nally ~ Your IIIaIIyte is the ICI"i'l& os other 
medical ex 0It.apaIhjc aoo.nrs. 

You" Ip8nd about • ....-lIs each )'8ar In on -actille 
18N1ce" IIaIIA ~. r vo.x CUIric:uUn Q:an't aIIoooI you 
10 __ IChOoI. you can ~ spend a portion 01 aI a tIDe 

~ a ac:tIw ClJIy at vo.x cMIIon ICI'lOoI COItInuing vo.x 
IIudIa 

DulIng ItIis oclNe ClJIy peIiod. you'IIl8C8iwe lUI ptJf and 
oIIowanoas a on oIIIcer In the Navt' ~ you',. atlChool 
01 ONO/. lhoI's In oadIIion to the ~ monthly income you 
IWOIINe o..Ing the i8It a the )'8ar. 
.ac1tll8 <iJty periodI afet you the cha'lc8 to 1lOII8I at Nally 

8IIP8OI8 and gain medlcaleICP8I1e!lCe wNIe erfoving a ~ 
110m !he iOUItne a ~ 

e COi' .... IChooI 01 a member a me Nally HaoIth 
Act •• 1 :u Sc:tIoIarsNp AcgIam. 

e-one ~ a 0C'IiIIe ClJIy a& a Na\/V ma1icaI aIIcar 
lor each )'8ar a scholaltolp pUlticipolla L You mull 
_ at !«III "'- years on actMI cUy. 

lime IJ*ItIn iI~.'''1ip ex iWdIncy dceI not count IOwaid 
VOUII 0C'IiIIe I8NIce obIigoIIoI L 

sa. m.caIb. lew IChabINpe; 
ebe ~ lor me r-.t enI8Mg CDI ex ~ 

ervoIIed In an QI:lPIO\I8d IChooII:I medk:i. 01 
0IIIIcpaII'Iv In me us. ex ~ RIco. 

e be a us. c:ttnn a good maaI ChOlac:Nr. 
ebe ~ ~ fer COi'.,oiBiot, 01 a NcNy 

oIIIcer. 
e Ha.. <XlI'i'plIIf MCA T I0OI8 a IlO ex rT'Cft.. 

CAllTou.~ 
CAlIFORNIA 1~222-6289 

IN ARIZONA CALL 1~228-8961 

NAVV RECRUnNG 
DlSI'RICT SAN DEGO 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In lhe Navy. 

. , . 

.. 



FEATURES 

Officers' Mafia 
Continued from page 13 
had been fired dunng a specific 
period or operation," and U.S. 
funds to replenish the bullets 
"went into the pockets of senior 
officers." Often the unused 
ounets "were sold to the local 
civil defense forces or even to the 

guerrillas." Another scam involves 
the rations-procurement system. 
Colonel Reyes explained how it 
operates: "A brigade commander 
plans an operation and gets cash 
to buy rations for each of his 
men. But he inflates the numbers 
and pockets the difference." 

-----------~-CIVIC~------------
ORCHESTRA & CHORUS 

• 1983-86 Season. 
CARL ORFF'S CARMINA BURANA 

Sat , Nov. 9,8 pm, Sun., Nov. 10, 3 pm 
Thomas Nee 

ERNST KRENEK, ARC OF UFE 
85 years Bllthday Concen 

Sun .. Dec. 8, 3 pm 
Thomas Nee, Conductor 

HANDEl'S MESSIAH SING-A-LONG 
Sherwood Auditorium, La Jolla 

Sun .. Dec. 14, 3 pm 
Thomas Nee, Conductor 

FAURE REQUIEM 
Sal., Feb. IS, 8 pm, Sun., Feb. 16, 3 pm 

David Chase, Conductor 
BRAHMS' PIANO CONCERTO NO. 2 

Ursula Oppens. Pianist 
Sat March 8. 8 pm, Sun . March 9. 3 pm 

Thomas ce. Conductor 
ALl STRAVINSKY CONCERT 

at. May 24. 8 pm. Sun .. May 2S . 3 pm 
Thomas Nee, Conductor 
DaVId Chase. Conductor 

YOUNG ARTISTS WINNERS CONCERT 
Sun., June 8. 3 pm 

Thomas Nee, Conductor 

All Concerts in Mandeville Auditorium, UCSD 
Season Subscnption. Aduks $2S, Seniors and Students SIS 

Single Ttckets: AdullS $S. Seniors and Students. $3 
Information 4S2-4637 

The illegal sale of military 
supplies has been another 
regular source of income. Former 
U.s. Ambassadors to El Salvador 
Robert White admitted to 
Congress: "There are reports that 
I consider reliable that some 
military officers are selling arms, 
before they even get out of the 
crates, to the revolutionaries. 

Failure to recognize the 
military's mafia operations yields 
bad analysis and bad policy and 

London 
$446 

Frankfun 
$.548 

Brussels 
$.536 

Amsterdam 
$549 
Tokyo 
$569 

restrictions may apply 

fro ... ,,1 Sf"rw c r\ 
(.QUNCIL 
452-0630 

does the Defense Minister kno)Y? 
"Sure he knows. He is in on it 
too. And the more his 
subordinates are involved in the 
corruption, the more 'control he 
has over them." Shirley Christian, 
writing in The Miami Herald in 
1983, reported , "Each provinical 
commander has the 
opportunity ... to make a profit 
on the monthly food budget for 
the 1,000 or so troops under his 
command." 

~~ 
~~ ~~ 

Color 
Blind? 
If you are color 

blind we will pay 
you sS,OQ per hour 
to partiCipate in 
perception exper-
iments on the 
nature of color 
blindness, 

For more infor-
mation contact: 
Kathy Purl at 452-
3924 between 9:OQ 
am and 12 noon, 

makes a mockery of the Reagan 
Administration's professed goals 
of bringing peace and democracy 
to EI Salvador. 

Many U.s. officials spoke of a 
"historic break" betwecn the 
armed forces and the oligarchy 
when the military refused to 
heed the requests by right-wing 
parties that it annul the March 
1985 legislative elections, which 
Duarte's Christian Democratic 

Please tum to Pll8e U 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

How frequently do you purchase food or drink at the Triton Pud? 
__ Once a day or more 
_ _ Once a week or more 
__ Once a quarter 
~ever 

How old are you? 
__ Under 21 
---21 -30 
----31 -40 
__ 41-50 
__ Over 50 

TRITon PUB UHVfY 
, 

Please complete this survey about Triton Pub services and return 
it to the Triton Pub, Information Center (EDNA), or via campus mail 
(B-023C) on or before Monday, November 11 . Thank you for your 
assistance as we strive to improve our service. 

Please rate the appearance of the food. 
-Excellent 
__ Good 
-Satisfactory 
__ Unsatisfactory 

Please rate the speed of service. 
__ Excellent 
__ Good 
__ Satisfactory 
__ Unsatisfactory 

Triton Pub operational hours are 7:30 a.m. until 11 p.m., Monday through 
Friday and 11 a.m. until 4:30 p.rn. on Saturdays. Do you feel these operational 
hours are adequale? 

Please rate the cleanliness of the PUb. 
-Excellent 
__ Good 
-Satisfactory 

-Excellent 
__ Good 
-Satisfactory 
__ Unsatisfactory 

Please rate the menu variety. 
__ Excellent 
__ Good 
-Satisfactory 
__ Unsatisfactory 

Please rate the food quality. 
__ Excellent 
__ GOOd 
-Satisfactory 
__ Unsatisfactory 

Please rate the cost of the food. 
-Excellent 
__ GOOd 
-Satisfactory 
__ Unsatisfactory 

__ Unsatisfactory 
How do you perceive the service attitude of the Pub personnel? 

-Excellent 
__ GOOd 
-Satisfactory 
____ Unsatisfactory 

How would you rate the scheduling and variety of entertainment at the Pub? 
____ Excellent 
__ Good 
-Satisfactory 
___ Unsatisfactory 

We welcome any additional comments _____________________ _ 

Officers' mafia 
in EI Salvador 
ContinUEd from page Ii 
Party won. There was a break of 
sorts, but nOl for the reasons the 
observers imagined. The military 
is willing to oppose the oligarchy 
on certain issues because it no 
longer depends on it for 
kickbacks, graft and job offers 
upon retirement There is money 
to be made off U.S. aid, and to 
keep the Congressional sluice 
gates open, the generals must 
pennit elections and anow 
Duarte: and the Christian 
Democrats to win them. 

The military has made a pact 
with Duane: We'll let you hold 
office and control certain 
ministries and poliCies (agrarian 
reform, for example), but there 
are two areas where we reign 
supreme - the conduct of the 
war and the conduct of our 
business. Corruption is not to be 
touched, and no one in the 
family is to be tried, let alone 
convicted, by civilian couns. 

Because the United States 
closes its eyes to this devil's 
bargain, its policies are 
unrealistic. Most of the officers 
in the high command - there 
are exceptions - choose tactics 
that reflect cakulations of 
economic gain and personal 
safety rather than military logic. 
Take thc promOlion system that 
U.S. advisers have been trying to 
change. It makes more military 

sense to promote officers on the 
basis of combat proficiency than 
on time in grade, but doing that 
would chanenge the tanda 
system. U.s. advisers have 
repeatedly recommended that 
the army use small patrols to 
fight the guerillas rather than 
batallion-sized sweeps. But th'e 
brass hats are reluctant The 
possibilities for making money 
on ration-procurement schemes 
or equipment sales are much . 
greater in large-scale operations . 

" , . some military 
officers are selling 
anns, , , " 
-Robert White 

And the risk of officers' lives is 
reduced. Similarly, advice to win 
the "heans and minds" of the 
people is useless if the military is 
widely perceived as being 
corrupt, among Olher things. 
Corruption also saps the morale 
of the enlisted men, most of 
whom are unwilling conscripts. 
They do not want to fight and 
die for officers who are 
enriching themselves from the 
war. No wonder so many of 
them have surrendered to the 
insurgents or thrown down their 
weapons and fled. 

Hambut;3er 
HelpQr 

EL SALVADOR 

, 

As long as Washington finds it 
expedient to aid the military 
"dons" and the criminal 
organization they run, they will 
control Duane, and laugh quiedy 
to themselves as the United 
States fills their coffers. Can the 
Salvadoran military be cleaned 

up? If the corruption is as 
pervasive as the evidence 
strongly suggests, that will be 
difficult. In the past, however, 
there have been reform-minded 
junior officers who seemed to 
have another vision of their duty, 
and they may still be found in 

Monday, Novem~r 4, 1985 1.5 
FEATURES 

the ranks. But even if there were 
junior officers today who wanted 
to join with reformers to purge 
the high command and put 
officers on trial for corruption as 
well as murder, they would need 
strong U.S. suppo". 

The Reagan Administration 
has Iiule incentive to press for 
changes because it is trying to 
package the Salvadoran military 
as an increasingly professional, 
prodemocratic and proreform 
corps in order to get 
Congressional approval for aid. 
Critics of Administration policy 
tend to dismiss the corruption 
issue as secondary: they don't 
want to make the Salvadoran 
Army a more efficient force ; they 
want to end its brutality and 
repression. What is nOl seen is 
that repression and corruption 
go hand in hand . This 
profesSional criminal 
organi2;ation defends its territory 
by brutalizing all of its 
opposition. Demanding an end 
to corruption, like demanding an 
end to gross violations of human 
rights, means demanding an end 
to the military in its present 
form, and that is a necessary 
condition for a negotiated 
setdement of the conOict. 

Financing and training a band 
of brigands is bad policy. They 
remain an obstacle to any true 
reformers who seek to build a 
democracy with an honest 
military under civilian control. 
There is no way they are going 
to give the left a share of power, 
The result will be a continuation 
of the civil war that has 
paralyzed the country for five 
years. Washington's alliance with 
the mafia in uniform is as 
unwise as it is unholy. ~ 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 1 
UCSD University Events Office presents 

Tap Dancing Greats 
COPASfTICS 

November 17, Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
St. $8.00, G.A. $12,00 

UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit. $10,00 
~~--- & UCSD Box Office: 452-6467 
.t_~_"ll1U1. 
....... nK'nt.-
POII1_"f'~ .... ,. _ 

tHE ASSA5INS: 11Xlp, ~r) 0- McWhirter, Jeff c;.cY, Tom ~·I"*IdIr, ~r) III)' 
~ RIc/1 Margin ~ c;.cY lin thr air), Colin CossIo, John Acres.lboCtan. H) 
.1m IIeirWd\, .Jong Pa'k. MIke GiIIeI*, Gus ~. 

THE ASSASSINS 
Men's M FootbIII 

We coulctl't ~ plcj(ed a better game fbr our Miller Team of the Week if.N¥d, 
We had t'IN'O of the finest M football teams In IM's squared off against ead1 other in 
a titanic battle, the Assassins vs, La MacHne, \Mlen t'IN'O teams of this QUaIIo/ get 
togI!'ther. a grelil. game is expected, 80th teams were undefeated iWld an exciting 
game was anticipated. No ~ was cIsappoInted as the final 25-24 score Indicated. 

\Xhlat a ball gamellt had everything you'd expect from l\W great teans. 
Great defense. La Machine's ball, leading 1&-13 late In the g;me with a fItst Mel 

!pal from the ten yard line, Score here and It's all r:Ner. But led I7f the fNrsome 
threesome of M Jongo, Jimbo and Danno." the Assassns held La MKhIne on 00Wns. 

Great ol'relse. Eight touchdOwnS betWeeI1 the t'IN'O teans. 
Exdtlng finish. La Machine, led I7f the Matz brothers. scores with one nrute 

remaining. Could the ball g;me be CNer7 Not when you ~ 0iIIr McWtirter .xl 
John Flores on your side. WIth twenty sean:I5 to go iWld down 24-19, ~ hltJom 
with a IIfty ycrrd bomb to clinch vIctOIy for the Assassins. 

Congrau ~ on a grs g;me and on becDlTing this \/IIMt'S tNn of the week. 



The 1985 World Series 

It's All in the Royal Family 
By JANA HOWSER 

&gin Story: Thursday NIgftt, 
Octo&r 17, 1985, K.c. ~ beat 
Toronto Blue Jays in Gamt 7 ... 
score 6 to 1. Royals clinch the 
Amaican League Pennant .... Fast 
forward to Saturday morning. 
October 19, 1985 ... 

I T WAS THE break of dawn ... and I felt like the only person alive as I closed my 
suitcases and tried to prepare for 
what lay ahead. I was nervous, 
scared and most of aD ready to 
get to the airport , get on the 
plane, and realize that this was 
all acrually happening. My sister 
had "slept" at my apartment to 
make the early flight easier to 
catCh. Neither one of us slept 
very well. How could we? After 
all, this was it. Not just the quanerly 
trip home, this trip was t.ruly a 
quest. This time we were going for 
the World Series. And my father 
was the manager of the team 
donning the Royal Blue. 

I could not quite grasp what I 
felt or thought, though. School 
was behind me for a minimum 
of four days. Within 12 hours 
time my focus had shifted from 
the reality of midtenns coming 
in twO weeks to a dream in my 
life jUst waiting to come true. 

As the sun began to rise , so 
did my roommates. Angie, Shelly 
Stacy and Tiffany lined up to bid 
their farewells. (I was really 
moved by this gesture, 
considering it was 6:30 on a 
Saturday morning). They aD had 
one last laugh about how I had 
packed so lightly - cleaned out 
the closet. Then my sister, Jill, 
and I, along with our six 
suitcases, left for the airpon. 

As we landed in Kansas City, 
my heart began to beat faster 
and faster - Game l was 
scheduled to start in about six 
hours. We were picked up by my 
aunt Carroll and we headed 
towards the Kansas City that I 
had lived in for half my life. This 

was an exciting time, regardless. 
BU( to have this all happen in 
my hometown was too good to 
be true. As we were heading into 
town, we saw billboards and 
signs everywhere that announced 
the big event. Kansas City 
wanted this one. No question. By 
mid-afternoon I would estimate 
that I had between 50 and 60 
adrenaline rushes. I began to 
wonder if I would be able to 
withstand all of the pressure and 
excitement. Yet, somehow I knew 
I would. 

The first twO days went by 
very qUickly. The Royals lost the 
first twO games in Kansas City. 
Jill left Kansas City Monday 
evening ro come back for school 
But I elected to stay and go on to 
St. Louis. So Tuesday morning, I 
went to St. Louis via the now 
infamous 1-70. A few cows and a 
couple of wheatfields later, we 
arrived in the City of Red. I say 
this because every person I saw 
in the city had red on. Even the 
cans they drank beer from were 
red. I remember one of the 
funniest things we did in St. 
Louis was asking the beer 
venders that roamed the aisles at 
the stadium for a different beer. 
The funny pan is, they actuaDy 
were offended by this. 

Anyhow, the first game in St. 
Louis was an eXCiting game. We 
won. This lifted the spirits of 
everyone from K.c. Then there 
was the realization of a vicrory. 
In front of 50,000 screaming 
maniacs we had taken one away 
from the Redbirds. This was a 
shocker to most of the media. 
They did not expect the Royals 
to come out and rip up St. Louis. 
We felt great. 

I got on the phone 
immediately after we got back to 
the hotel and called my sister to 
hear her response. She was as 
happy as the rest of us. We aD 
agreed that the media had cut 
up the team enough, especially 
the papers from Los Angeles. 

Personally, I think they had 
nothing better to do than try to 
make it seem like an of this was 
taking place in two hick towns. 
They were very wrong. 

Tuesday was a night to relax a 
little bit after the game. Some of 
the pressure was off. This was 
probably the best night of sleep I 
had. Wednesday was spent 
walking around the city 
breathing car exhaust. My one 
cultural experience was a trip 
over to the "Archway to the 
West." It happened to be right 
across the street from our hotel. I 
am not afraid of heights, but this 
monument was intimidating. I 
leamed something though, I had 
always thought the Arch was 
white. It's not - it's silver. 

Late afternoon rolled around 
very quickly and before we aD 
knew it, it was time to go to the 
stadium. The hosting team had 
worked it out very conveniently. 
They put us in the Clarion Hotel, 
which happened to be two 
blocks east of the stadium. By 
doing this, they avoided having 
to provide transportation for 
everyone with the K.c. 
organization from the hotel to 
Busch Stadium. Wasn't that nice 
of them? For instance , about 
6:00 on the Wednesday evening 
before Game 4, we all began to 
hoof it over to the stadium. Don't 
get me wrong - it was not that 
this was any great distance to 
walk, but this was not exactly 
Beverly Hills, if you catch my 
meaning. Anyhow, we arrived at 
the stadium in our blue sweaters 
and jackets, and those in red did 
not exactly receive us well at all, 
considering we had just 
dampened their pride a bit the 
night before . We neared the gate 
closest to our seats and poured 
into a line of people waiting, as 
we were, to get in. There were 
seven or eight of us going in 
together. Suddenly, my ticket was 
ripped out of my hand. I turned 
and grabbed a kid that was 

"We jointd tht celebration in the locher room .. . what a fuling it was!" 

Jana Howser and her father share a quiet moment amidst the celebration. 

standing behind me. I told him 
to give it back. He said he didn't 
have it. I let him go and later 
realized that he was probably the 
one who grabbed my ticket. 

The first thing I thought of 
was that I had come 2,000 miles 
to see this game and some little 
kid had just stolen my ticket 
,pght out of my hand. I ~s very 
upset, to say the least. A close 
friend of my dad's and lmy dad's 
wife took me to the Cardinal 
offices. The officials questioned 
me about who I was, just to make 
sure I was not lying, then one of 
their officers filled in a ticket by 
hand. I was in the park within 10 
or l5 minutes and that was the end 
of that traumatic adventure - until 
someone came to sit in my seat. 

A man probably in his late 20s 
came down and asked me to 
kindly vacate his seat. My dad's 
friend Trevor told the guy that 
he had purchased a stolen tiCket. 
The man who had possession of 
my ticket denied this and Stated 
that he had been in possession 
of the ticket . for two weeks prior 
to the game. At that point, 
security was signaIled to come 
down and help us. Meanwhile, I 
informed him that I was Dick 
Howser's daughter, - and 
assured him that there had been 
no mistake. I am sure that pan 
of the reason he was so upset 
was because the location of our 

tickets had a going price of a 
small fonune. Ultimately, the 
man was sent up to standing 
room only. In retrospect, I can 
say that I could have done 
without that day. We lost that 
night and were down in the 
series, three games to one. 

Thursday morning I woke and 
felt like I had a rock in my 
stomach. We had one more 
game left to play in St. Louis. 
This game could end the World 
Series of 198.5. But what a game 
it was. When it was over, we had 
won our second game. The 
Cardinals had prepared $.50,000 . 
worth of fireworks that never 
made it into the sky. It was not 
time for a celebration in the 
eastern pan of the state. 

I noticed that at this point the 
. media actually started to say 
positive things about the series. 
It was no "Cornfield Series" as a 
popular newscaster on national 
television put it. This actuaDy 
was a World Series. And everyone 
knew it was time to stan taking 
all of this seriously, especially the 
Cards. 

Late Thursday night, we left St. 
Louis and headed west, again on 
1-70 but this time back to 
familiar territory. We were back 
in Kansas City at about 6:00. We 
Were aD very tired and fatigued, 
to say the least. Friday, ~ all 
caught up on some sleep. The 

Please tum to page 17 

Tritons likely hosts 
for Far-West Regionals 
By JOHN SCHACHT, Sports Editor 

T HE UCSD men's soccer team, which finished its season 19-1 with a 2-0 
defeat of Pomona Pitzer Saturday, 
wiD be rewarded for its fine 
season by hosting the regional 
championship playoff rounds 
next Friday aoo Saturday at 
Warren field. 

A number of sources, both 
within the UCSD athletic 
department and from outside, 
seem convinced that the 
regionals wiD be bdd here, 
ahhough, as of Sunday, official 
confirmation had not come in. 
Coach Derek Armstrong learned 
the Tritons would probably be 
hosting when he talked to the 
head coach of Claremont-Mudd, 
the chief rival to host the 
playoffs. "He told liS that he was 
getting ready to come down here 
with his team ," Armstrong said. 

Laurel Dean of the Athletic 
Depanment said thar' they had 

received feelers from the regional 
committee suggest the playoff 
round would be held at UCSD. 

"We've basically been told to 
prepare our facilities to host the. 
games," Dean said, "and if we 
were going to be traveling 
anywhere they would have told 
us by now." 

Hosting the four team far west 
regional gives the Tritons a home 
field advantage that has proven 
invaluable to Claremont the last 
twO years of the playoff rounds. 
The Tritons were forced to travel 
to Claremont where they ~re 
beaten by Mudd for the last two 
years. Claremont continued on to 
the championship round last 
year. "Well be very pleased to 
host the playoff rounds," said 
Armstrong, "and if we do well 
and have a good turnout 
crowdwise, we may put ourselves 
in good standing to host the 
championships." ~ 

Big 2nd quarter pushes 
Stanford past UCSD 
By DAVID TEDROW 

H AVE YOU EVER banged your head against an immovable waD? Have 
you ever had a final where you 
knew you would only get a c-
unless you did something 
su~rhuman? The Triton water 
polo team has been put in this 

position the past two weeks, and 
they've responded by giving their 
all. Although the score doesn't 
indicate it, they played a good 
game against !llanford Friday 
afternoon. However, Stanford is 
ranked as the best team in the 
nation, and so the Tritons' 
gallant effon translates into a 
lopsided 12-6 final against the 
best team that Division I has to 

offer. You gona hate those 
immovable walls. 

To San Diego's credit, they 
took it to Stanford right from the 
stan. Stanford scored the first 
goal in a man up situation, but 
UCSD came right back, as 
Jefferson Smith scored to tie the 
game. UC scored the next time 
down on a man up situation, 
and it looked like UCSD could 
do no wrong. 

The Triton offense is geared to 
drawing kick outs against the 
defense, so when the Tritons are 
able to get in man up situations, 
you know their offense is 
working well. This was the trend 
during the first quarter, but San 
Diego couldn't capitalize on their 

WIRE TO WIRE 
By JOHN SCHACHT and GUS SANTAYO 

opponunities, and as a result , 
they trailed 3-2 at the end of the 
first quaner. 

In the second quarter the 
Stanford team woke up, realized 
they were close to getting beat by 
a Division JU team, and scored 
five goals in a row. Apparently, 
some waDs were never meant to 
be mOIled. 

In the second half it was more 
of the same for UCSD. They 
played hard and well, but they 
couldn't make up the difference 
Stanford developed during the 
preceding quarter. Thus, even 
though they played well, San 
Diego lost 12-6 to a team that 
out-medalled them two silvers to 
none in the 1984 Olympics. 

This past weekend , the Tritons 
played an important tournament 
in Long Beach. Many of the top 
teams in the nation were 
entered, and possible post-
season play for the Tritons will 
be determined by how well ther.. 
fared in this tourney. Ii:£J 

This is the first in a strits of columns that we will be writing regarding the stale of affairs in the 
sports world. Because iI's our column, we pretty much can say whatew:r we want, within the limits of 
good taste, treason and the libtllaws (of outer Nepal). So each Monday, sit bach with a cold one at 
your breakfast tablt and enjoy the drama, intrigue and lucidity of wire to wire. 
We lost the Baale, but sdll may be in the War ... 

"The Battle of the Network Stars" can best be described as ~Entertainment Tonight" meets 
"ABC's Wide World of Sports." Various 1V "stars" get together for fierce competition in a bevy 
of athletic tests of strength and skill. Throngs of adulating fans ooh, ahh, clap and cheer for 
their favorite celebrities in this unnatural habitat. The event is treated like a major athletic 
spectacle, with slow-motion replays and the shaky presence of Howard Cosell handling the on-
field interviews as weD as showering further accolades on the panting celebs. 

This clash of the Nielsen titans has garnered respectable ratings, surviving well over a decade, 
and has traditionaDY,been held at Pepperdine University in Malibu. There was contemplation of 
moving the baruesite for a change of scenery after a detour to Mexico last year and UCSD 
became a strong contender with the lure of the attractive Canyonview facilities. But with the 
travel and housing accomodations for the stars and technical staff being steer, the officials of 
the program had to hold off any plans to mOlie to UCSD this year because 0 a tight budget. 
The door, however, remains open for the "Battle" to be held at UCSD 'possibly within twO years 
if the money's there," and to thrust our humble campus into the national spotlight. 
s.y It Ain't So Dept. - Aside from cancelling the Network Stars' visit to UCSD, ABC has also 
decided that they will no longer air Howard CoseD's Emmy award winning Sportsbeat. Whether 
or not this had anything to do with Howard's lambasting of neady everyone who ever crossed 
his path at ABC in his book 1 New:r Playtd the Game (no kidding, Howie), no one at the 
network is saying anything. Frank Gifford, eosell's broadcasting panner on "Monday Night 
Footban," has already said publicly that he will never work with CoseD again. If you saw "Late 
Night with David Letterman" last Thursday, you were able to wimess classic Cosell: 

Dave: "Well, Howard, your book reads like a textbook ... . " 
Howard (interrupting loudly): "No, it reads like a detective story and it tells the truth about 
the National Football League as I see it." . 
Dave: "Like I said, your book reads just like a detective story." 
The unfonunate thing is that Howard excelled in Sponsbeat, one of the few journalistic 

SPOrtS forums that didn't delve into innuendo and hearsay to maintain its cutting edge. So long. 
Howard, we won't miss you, but some of us will miss SponsBeat. 
Gasp, Gurgle, GI8 and Choke Dept. - The winner of this week's "We Fold" award goes, of 
course, to the redbirds of St. Louis and their roll-over-and -play-dead performance during the 
last three games of the World Series. The Cards turned in their bat for flyswatters and batted an 
impressive .l95, setting a new series low in losing to a team that most "experts" - ourselves 
included - considered of less than sufficient talent. So that's what crow tastes like. 
Serious Series Thoughts - An ugly spectre reared its head during game seven of the series 
when Juaquin Andujar threw a tantrum over the admittedly poor umpiring. Worse than the 
tantrum, however, were some of the racist remarks - generated by Andujar's own admission 
that he is one "tough Dominican" - that emerged in the commentaries across the country. 
George BeD, Mario Soto and others, now join Andujar as the "temperamental latins." Anyone 
seen John Denny's occasional departures from the real world? How bout Billy Manin? Earl 
Weaver? ... A note on the umpiring: the American League umps were wretched. Before you 
think this is" sour grapes, remember some of the raw deals that Toronto and the Royals got in 
the ALCS ".. IQ 

The world 
is waiting. 

Bean 
exch~e 
student 

A Royal 
Connection 
Continued from page 16 
anticipation of wanting Saturday 
to come quicklr made it very 
hard for any 0 us to rest well. I 
Slaned to feel like an of this was 
a marathon that we were running 
uphill. But sure enough, Saturday 
came fast. We all felt good about 
coming back to Kansas City after 
taking two out of three in St. 
Louis. We also knew that strange 
things happened in the spOrt of 
baseball. Setting those thoughts 
aside, it felt outstanding to enter 
a stadium where the ushers 
knew who I was and liked the 
fact that I was wearing blue. 

Game 6 on Saturday night was 
the most hair-raising baseball 
game I have ever been to. This 
game came down to the bottOm 
of the ninth inning. The Royals 
scored twO runs in the bottom of 
the nimh to once again keep the 
World Championship away from 
the Cardinals . 

As I left the game with my 
aunt Carroll and cousin Jaynie , . 
we could not help but notice that 
the entire population of the city 
was dancing in the streets. Now 
it appeared that Kansas City had 
the momentum. The Royals were 
in the midst of repeating history, 
coming from behind exactly as 
they did against the Toronto 
Blue Jays. At this point it was 
hard to realize that within 24 
hours, this all, one way or the 
other, would be over. 

Sunday was a big day. 
Everyone I saw that day had an 
expression on their faces that 
was one of a kind . For once, 
everyone in the city had 
something in common. Perfect 
strangers were shaking the hands 
of others as they discussed the 
possibility of victory. This was 
what it was all about. Everyone 
was proud of the team. 

When the gates opened at 
5:30, the crowd began to 
infiltrate the spons complex. By 
the time we got there, at 6:00, 
the parking lot was jammed with 
people and cars. There was very 
titde red being worn in Kansas 
Ciry for this last game (I am sure 
this was for the same reason we 
chose not to wear blue for the 
final game in St. Louis). 

The rest is history. By the end 
of the fifth inning, the Royals 
had established a commanding 
lead of ll-O. And for once in a 
long time, we could sit back and 
relax. History was made. I 
wondered what my dad was 
thinking as his team took the 
field in the top of the sixth. I 
have never heard a crowd so 
alive . 

EventuaDy it ended as the 
greatest victory in World Series 
history of .5l years. I cannot 

describe what it was like to be 
there. My dad's brothers and 
sister had come in for the garnes, 
dad's mother had flown in, and 
so had my stepmother Nancy's 
mother - not to speak of half of 
the other side of my family. I 
don't think I have ever been so 
happy. 

We joined the celebration in 
the locker room soon after the 
crowd left the stadium. What a 
feeling it was. We were up all 
that night in celebration. And at 
lO:30 Monday morning we were 
to be at the stadium again to 
load buses and go downtOwn for 
a parade. Everyone's eyes were 
tired but we were all so happy 
we probably would not have 
been able to sleep anyway. 

The parade started into a 
packed downtown. There were 
so many people , I could not 
believe my eyes. The city had 
made available and distributed 
40,000 pounds of shredded 
ticker tape. I have never seen so 
much paper in my life. We sat 
tall as our car made its way ' 
through the first part of the trip, 
until smoke started coming out 
from underneath our automobile. 
Before anybody could even say 
anything, flames were reaching 
up the sides of the car. I saw the 
flames and bailed ship. By the 
time I looked back, the entire 
interior was engulfed in flames, 
with my purse and shoes on the 
floor of the back seat. They were 
history. So we dispersed into the 
cars of other people. I ended up 
with Lynn Jones and his wife; 
my grandmother was in Steve 
Balboni's car; and Dad and 
Nancy ended up with Joe 
Beckwith and his wife . What a 
scare that was. But we managed 
through the rest of thelarade 
and raDy somehow, an it was 
then officially over for me. 

This was the most memorable 
and exciting week and a half I 
have ever had . The Royals 
proved everyone wrong. Even the 
LA Times apologized for their dry 
sarcasm in Tuesday morning's 
paper. And for my family, well 
we now can take time to realize 
that the dream did come true -
especially for my dad_ 

The next morning I went to 
the airport to come home. It was 
time to get back to school. (After 
all of this I had a midterm 
scheduled for the next morning 
- fun .) The Eastern Airlines 
agent who checked my bags for 
me recognized my name and 
bumped me up to First Class. 
Could he have been a Royals 
fan? Thank you Eastem Airlines. 

Before I go, I would like to say 
this: For aD of you who shared 
the dream with us, 
congratulations. To everyone who 
was pulling for the Cards, 
congratulations. And to those out 
there who stiR think the Royals 
should have never made it to the 
playoffs, better luck next year. 
That's right - 1985 belongs to , 
us!. a 

All You Can Eat 
Spaghetti with garlic bread and _lad 

Wed. night, Nov. 6 5·7 pm $3.50 
Healthy food at inexpelllive pricea 

Fabulou lunches only a walk away 



We'll never make it without you ... 
but with you we'll make a million. 

The UCSD 25th Anniversary Campaign is 
working toward their highest goal yet - a cool $2 
million by June 30 in gifts from alumni, parents and 
friends. We're interested in bringing a group of 
bright, aniculate, and outgoing students on board for 
our annual telemarketing campaign. If you're 
interested in making $5.50-$8/hr. and working 
evening hours, call Lisa Osborn at 587-1589 and fill 
out an application at building 103A near the 
Registrar'S office. 

Public relations and you 
Want to gain experience in public relations 

and o rganizational skills? Then get involved in 
SOU RCE. Enthusiastic students come to the 
SOU RCE meeting and reception Wednesday, 
Nov. 6 from 2-4 pm in North Conference Room. 
For infonnation contact Cathy Chow x4450. 

Hey! Radically Inclined! 
There will be a meeting Wednesday, Nov. 6 at 8 

pm in the Rec. Conf. Room. For all those who are 
in terested in ski equipment, Pat's Ski Shop will be at 
the meeting. Friday, Nov. 8 ,All-Cal tickets go off sale. 
They go quick so once they sell out, that's it. We 
won't be able to get anymore buses. Ski Club office 
hours M-Th 10-2 at Canyonview x4037. 

College Republicans meeting 
Thursday, Nov. 7 at 8:45 pm in the Nonh 

Conference Room. We will be holding elections at 
this shon meeting. All members and int~rested 
others should attend. 

ATTENTION: 
Student Organizations 

, ,- iiT I~ 
~...,-- .. ~ +. 

-,.-~.u~~ 
I I :... (uNOI~fr I I ~ ~~s~ ...-----r--~I ~I :IJ AREOUE I I 

4:30 ·ri~ 
NOVEMBER ,. M t~ 

15 , ~J!lW+" 
, l.u~. 
'. LU_I_~ 

$ 

ASIO internship of the week 
The "I Love a Clean San Diego" Elementary School 

Program is looking for energetic interns interested in 
presenting school assemblies to elementary school 
children. If you would like to work with children and are 
interested in the quality of our environment, stop by 
ASIa for more infonnation. If this doesn't interest you, 
visit ASIa or call 452-4689 to find out what else we have 
to offer. We're located on the second floor of the student 
above the gameroom. 

Midtenns got you down? 
Come to AS. Lecture Notes Service. Subscription are 

available for the following classes: Bio 1, Bio 3, Bio 101, 
Bio 104, Chern 4, Chern 6A, Comm 20, Poli Sci 11, Psych 
139, Psych 101. For only $11.00 you can have organized 
notes to help you study for exams. AS. Lecture Notes 
SeIVice is located in the Student Center across from the 
Food Co-op. Open M-F 10-4. 

PLEA road trip 
Wednesday, Nov. 6 the PLEA club will be 

sponsoring a trip to Los Angeles law schools. Space 
is limited. All interested students invited to sign up 
at meeting this Thursday at 4 pm in the student 
center. 

Non-Sexist dance 
UCSD's most popular dance returns for fall quarter. 

"Non-sexist" means that you can dance with whoever 
you want without any societal impositions. Everyone is 
invited. Saturday, Nov. 9 at 9 pm at the Che Cafe, of 
course. Sponsored by LAGO and ASUCSD. 

Black Faculty/Staff/Student 
. Pot luck and video night 

Friday, November 15 from 6-11 pm 
in the International Center 

Gay Social!!! 
The Lesbian and Gay Organization (lAGO) is 

having its first get-together this Thursday, November 
7 at 8 pm in TCHB 141. Join us for casual 
conversation, music and refreshments. For more 
info call 452-GAYS. 

.. , 

Student Regent Deadline 
Friday, November 8 

You have until this Friday, November 8 to submit 
your application for student regent. Tum in your 
completed application to the Chancellor's office no 
later than 5 pm on Friday, November 8. If you have any 
questions call 452-4083. 

Growth at UCSD 
A lecture and discussion on the growth of UCSD 

with Pat Collum. A perfect way to prepare for UCSD's 
25th Anniversary. Go and find out what's coming. 
November 7 from 4:45-6:30 in the Nonh Conference 
Room in the student center. 

Does God exist? 
Listen to two differing opinions in a debate. YEs: Rev. Bob 

Siegel, MS Biblical Studies, Denver Theological Seminaty, 
Founder UC-Santa Barbra "Campus Ambassadors," eight 
years campus ministry experience. NO: Gordon Stein Ph.D. 
(PhYSiology), Editor American Rationaltst, Board Member 
Atheist United, Author of four books supporting unbelief. 
Wednesday, Nov. 20 at 8 pm in Peterson 108. $2 at box 
office. Organized by Agnostics/Atheists at UCSD and 
Sojourners Christian Fellowship. 

A presentation on "College Life" 
Campus Crusade for Christ presents "College 

Life." Special guest Sam Williams will be speaking on 
"Love, sex and dating." Don't miss this exciting and 
relevant talk! Tuesday, November 5 at 7 pm in 
Bonner Hall 2105. 

SAM SAM SAM SAM SAM SAM 
Society for Advancement of Management presents 

a discussion with Orville Redenbacher, the popcorn 
king, on "Brand Management and Success in 
Business." Tuesday, Nov. 5 at 7 pm in Nonh 
Conference Room. All invited. Free popcorn. 

Attention all surfers: 
UCSD surf club membership drive is tonight at 7 pm 

in USB 4020, bring your sponsor list! Cost $10, includes 
T -shin. Also, UCSD surf club open contest, trash pickup 
and Bar-B-Q on November 16 at Black's Beach at 7:30 
am. Cost is $5. See you all there. For more info call Scott 
Bass at 755-5947. 

. nor 

Monday. November 4, 1985 19 

2 th AnnN nary Party!! 
It's almost here. . . 
November .18, 1985 

Interested in helping with the Party? Come meet 
with Mazy Rose Alexander, AS President and 
8arbera Higins, AS Commissioner of Public 
Relations tollaalize the plans. The meeting will 
be ld on friday. Nov. 8; 1985 at 10 am in the 
M"*l-Purpost Room (upstairs in the Student 
Center, Bldg. A). If you cannot meet at this time, 
or if you have any questions, please call Barbara ' 
at <4S2-4450. 

Political history of gay bars 
rAGO and [he History Dept. present "From Finocchios to 

Miss Smith Tearooms; a political history of gay and lesbian 
bars in San Francisco." An infonnative slide show and 
lecture by Allan Berube. Monday, Nov. 11 at 7 pm in HSS 
2305. 

Wilderness 
The Catholic Student Coordinators are sponsoring a 2 

day /2 night camping trip to Mt. Palomar leaving at 4 pm 
Friday, Nov. 8 and returning at 1 pm on Sunday, Nov. 10. For 
more infonnation or sign-up, stop by the Catholic Lounge of 
the University Lutheran Church by Wednesday, Nov. 6. 

Help the needy this Thanksgiving 
The Asian-Pacific Student Alliance (APSA) and Asian 

Christian Fellowship (MCF) are currently sponsoring a 
ThanksgiVing canned food drive. Proceeds will go to the 
Union for Pan Asian Communities. Please bring cans to 
the APSA office or to an MCF meeting (check the 
calendar for dates). For more info please call the APSA 
office at x2048. 

The return of Chip'N'Dales 
TKE presents the Third A.,nual Chip'N'Dales night on 

November 15. 8 and 10 pm shows. 3855 Wabash Ave. 
Tickets on sale Wednesday, Nov. 6 on [he plaza. 
Complimentary refreshments and shuttle bus service from 
Urey Hall provided. 

Attn: Warren graduating seniors 
The student commencement committee requests 

your suggestions for a commencement speaker. 
Please contact Elizabeth at x4350. 

Union of Jewish Students Mee.ting 
Thursday, Nov. 7 at 7 pm 

in the North Conference Room 

Some like it wet. . . 
... and if you do, the UCSD Waterski Club can help 

you stay that way. For info, call Dennis at 488-4087 or 
Jess at 275-2492. 

.. 



.... 

Classified advertising 1",'1 lOkI 
In ~ 1ncremeI11I. bch 
...,., punc:llllClon mark Met 

Areside Lecture Series with David 
Barkien on the Mexican economic 
crisis Wed. NcN. 13 7:00 pm at the 
International Center. Come and 
listen and discuss. Free refrestmentsl 
111/4) 

GA Men age better than Vv"On'lerl. Lostl Bue & yellow polo jacket (with Mazda GLC, 1981, Hatchback, 
Star. (11/41 red Inside) at TLH 107 Fri. Reward 25 4speed. sestCO\lef'S, stereo system . 

oollars. call [)aye at 457-5881. (11/41 OrigInal owner. Ex~lent roncItJon 
Ip.ce between wordl '1 
considered • ch.rKter. with cap... letters CDUnting • two 
dw'IIC1en, The r.ce per 100 
dw'1IC1en Is $I for 1IUdenII, Sl fo, 
fllCUlly Mel 1tMr • .nd 54 for others. 
PIIyment In ~ce Is required; 
tt.etefbre. ... must be IMlied 
with • check 1m .. out to The 
UCSD GlMrdla'1, or presented .n 
penon. DHdIl,. Me 4 pm 
TueIdIIy for Thur1Uy'1 ".at, 4 
pm FrIdIIy for Mondlly'l PIf*. 
For more Inrorm.tlon CollI. 452-
3466. The GIard ... UCSD, 8-0'16, 
LIi Joll., CA 92091 

Announcements 
Need cash 7 We buy and setl used 
LFs and cassettes. Rode, Metal, New 
WiNe, etc. .. Clairemont 268-8444. EI 
cajon 44 7-5025, Chula VIsta 4~ 
6138. (11/14) 

Recreational Outing Cub IR.O.C.I 
meeting Tu~ at 7 pm In the R« 
Gym Conf Rm 3. Meets ~ week. 
new members welrome. (11/41 
-SruOENT SPECIAL --Promotion 
3*2*1 full WETSUIT On~ S1I8. Call 
Danlelle 453-4822 -ICustom 
Fltting)- 111/71 

Personals 

Services 
Need a lUT9R7 call College Tutorial 
Service. We offer private tutoring in 
economics, chemistry, biology, 
pt¥/cs, calcuus. eecs, ames. foregl 
languages, writing. and morel 457-
3424. 111/14) 

Found: Keys In Guarclan/Che ~ 
parking lot. Call to identifY. (11/7) 
locker rm robber Oct 23 6 pml PIs 
return ~ Id. keys to Muir Res. Hall 
Ofce no questions asked. (11/7) 
Found: Keys by Gym call 753-2539 
and identIfY. (11/7) 

Computers Typing & Word Processing. in Clairemont. Tues-Fri 1~6. Sat 9-1. 
Gail. Tandem Enterprises, 279-4953. 
(11/71 For Sail!: T~evIdeo 925 termnat \Nith 
T)'P1ng. Drop off at IOnko's by 3. plde Hayes Smartmodem 1200 baud S6OO. 
up next ~. SOC off per page wtth cal. Bob 695-8253. 11171 
this add. No appt needed. fIJ/4) KATR'~ • LOVE YOU. RAY. 111/41 NEW Generiq XT 5799. Runs .BM 

Usa the wallet mailer _ let me gtve WaxklQ, make--up, eyelash mting. software. 20 ~ dIsIc. .... 5S49. 1200 
you a big thank you _ JJ ste. 321, licensed cosmetIdal on campus call baud modem...... 209. Charfle Kelt,'. 
3784 Mission Ave. Oceanside. 452-0556. fII/14) 75~2521. !II/18) 
92054. (11/141 LA JOllA ACADEMY OF ----------
Greg WIley - My rainbowed 
mohawk t~ar. Your sheets are 
realt,' romty. 777 111/7) 

ADVERTISING ARTS. One year For Sale 
course and job placement assistana 
In advertising. marketing, 
copywrlting. design, prociJctlon, 

in and out. Brian, 457-3650. (11/71 
Surlbocrds 6' PDS 6'10". 80th s~ 
nn S35 ea good rond 452-4289. 
111/4) 

Help Wanted 
A'oganmer: HI & low level. Must 
hale hands on experienc::e send 
resume: 5S80 La Jolla BL #172. lA 
JoIta 92037. 

Start yaM career row e." money 
and work on Fortune 500 
~' marketing progIlmS on 
caJ11'US. Part-time IlIedbIe) hours 
each week. We title refelerlaS. Call 
1-800-24U679·111/7I 
MODELS- New faces br Swimsuit 
Series In Ewopean MagazInes. 0IMd 
Schoen PhoIo. 450-6485. fl2/5) 

6() SECOND WEATHER FORECAST 
for people on the go. New Service. Lenore-where are you7 We miss 
453-3456. 111/71 you, scum-sucking peehead. Call us. 

488-4670. (11/41 

public relations, media sales. For tree 
catalogue call 459-0201. fJ2/5) FOR WE: ~ dedc ADS C2 good condttIon ISO/bO call Doug 453-

.Jobs br women remvered from .. 
eamg disorder to work IYl pM yem 
In ~ counseIng prowaYI. 
~ a Student E~ job 
#OWI1046. (11/71 

Altruism7 Materiallsm7 Sheer 
necesity7 Fun7 Work experience7 
There are many reasons you would 
benefit from becoming a 
telemarketing rep for UCSO's 25th 
Anniversary. call Usa Osbom at 587-
1589 for info. 111/7) 
Interested in canoeing. backpacking. 
X-country skiing. hiking. outct>ors, 
COITle to the Recreational OUtct>ors 
Club meeting 7 pm Tuesday, In the 
Rec Gym Conf Rm 3. (11/4) 
Vietnamese Student Association is 
having a meeting to plan activities for 
rest of quarter on Fri. Nov. 8/4 pm In 
Revele Informal lounge lnext to 
Book Coopl. (11/71 
International Fireside lecture Series. 
Dr. Manzar Foroohr will discuus 
Nicaragua: The Role of the Catholic 
Church in the Sancfnista Revolution. 
Wed. November 6, 7:30 Int. Ctr. 
Food & drink. (11/4) 
Warren Commuter pizza party Tues. 
Nov. 5, 5:30. Ono/ SI. Signup now at 
Provost Office. (11/41 
Aikioo Club - Sorry about the 
scheOOle conflict We will meet & 
9:30 Tues, TIlJr in the south baI~ 
of the main gym. E~ welrome, 

especial~ beginners. For more info: 
call x6297 or 260-8576. 111/41 

If you are transfe'ring to Berk~ey at 
the end of the quarter and will be 
looking for a place to live we can join 
forces since I am in the same 
situation. Ron ~1849. (11/41 
AGRIPPINA/MARGARET: How 
about unctl sometime 7 Message at 
x61SO. Blue Legs. (11/4) 
UCSO Greeks: 1985 Pledge Presents 
is this Saturday night - Last years 
was a blast but this years is going to 
be even better - You oon't want to 
miss it. See you therel 
Usa G: 2 a fTeat AOII sis & primo 
friend thanx 4 keeping me sane r:Ner 
d summer-even tto I'm lucky to be 
alive w / the Wifj you drivel Oon't 
forget ur friends lIN yal Roses & 
Pandas, yur bud NanC¥ S. 111/41 

Best 1Wing value on campus. Low 2322.111/4) 
cost and fast turnaround. On campus 
Tioga Hall H-31. 45~9709. (1I/14) Technics receiver 30 watts digital turWlg with box and manual Ron 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. S8fr1849 eves S75. fII/4) 
SI. 75/page. Campus pick- 8MW 1969 2002 sunroof. ~ 
up/delivery. Anc¥ Laurence, 222- cassette stereo. S2200 or best otrer. 
2345. 112/5) call 481-3083. 111/4) 
Word Processing - Fast. accurate, 
reliable campus pickup/delivery. 
CheryI- Mesa Apts. 457-2188 e\te 
til 9. (1116) 
Ulix (canl operator - vi, tbI, eqn; 
tables, artides, theses; laser, ~et. 

le~ message 440-8964 (11/7) 
\X.IORO PROCESSING. Professjonal. 

7~i!IJ wIc. exc English skills. Student 
rates. 75~2683. (11/71. 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typing 

AMPUAER Fender Super ~ 
1970s. ex~lentconcltlonwithCDW!r 
and casters. Wouktl't tit on P'ane to 

En~ S4OO . .Ja1 452-3466 diPJS; 
69lr8066 evenings. f12/S) 
1976 Buld< Century. 4-dr, auto., air 
conditioning. power steering, 
brakes. seat. EW!t'l the dock worksl 
Mechanicalt,' well maIntJined. hate 
all receipts. 5900 . .Jan 452-3466 
di!IJS; 696-~ eves. (12/5) 

Wanted 
NIT. CONDO HOUSE Wanted Dec. 
24-Jan. 5 or .Ja1. 1-5 to rent br 
refatMs br wedding - Also need 
violin/viola/celio soloists for 
wedding. Cal. 944-1387e1e/wkend. 
f12/5) 
Uke arson? Lrtterman? \XIe want to 
party wtItt )QJ. BrIng lV and 521 
5/mO. to beachlront apt Uz/Usa 
488-4670 (pm). (11/41 
WANTED: Smokers .1B to 24. male & 
female. br consumer research stl4'. 
cash m-op br those qualified. catl9 
to 5. 283--7336. (11/71 

Speeling correct-rush jobs San Oiego to Vanrower one way 
spedalty/nexible hrs. La Jolla 457- plale ticket. Open date. S99 or best 
H~py birthday to ~ beloved little 3842. 11/6) offer. Ph:.Jayce 4S4-6083eves. (1I/4) 
sis Barbara Ba~" I'm proud of you 
kid. & I IwyalAOIl4-ever, NS. 111/4) 

Need money7 Walt training 7 Have a 
little CHUTZ4'AH? Have I got ajob 
br youl l.kWef'sl1¥"sponsored fund-
ralsng needs you. Earn 55.~S8.00 
working nexible M!f'IIng tn. call Usa 
Osborn at 587-1589. fIl/7I 

PIANO TUNING Ol..V\UTY AS LOW Guit.Y w/ DOD distortion for 5150. 
AS S35. Call Omitro 443-3239. (11/7) call Dave 453-2305. (11/7) 

Muktltar-you're a great big brol 
let's get together more. Delta Sigs 
are the bestl -Steve 111/41 

Greeks - The best friends money 
can buy. (11/41 

Lost a Found 
WHITE MAZDA (RPI You're kinda FOUND: Walkman in USB 2722. 
neat-Wish I knew you better. Blue TIlJrsday Oct 24. call to identIfY. 
Bug. (11/41 (11/4) 

For Sale: RacIng 8Bce 22 Inch fi'ane 19 
Ibs S300. Must sell. 755-297a (11/41 
PIoneer car st8eO. AurDrei. rrusic Housing 
sensor sep bass. treble. Perf rond. 
S200 or b/o. Sharon 481-764a 111/41 RoormIates wanted br AJmlshed U. 
19"ColorlV,good'CDnd.AsIdng575 house at Wlndansea. 459-2125 

b .a.a. &... -..... (evenings). TAKE A CHANCE. (11/4) o .. 0. r.- lUI ..uu 587-3653. 
___________________________________________ --, Two noMmOkers wanted to share 

Ig mstr bdnn in quaint La .JoUa apt 
S225 ea call 457-1330 111/7) 

Family Planning 
Associates 

Medical Group 
m 

• Pregnancy Termination • Birth Control 
• Free Pregnancy Testing 

• PAP Smears • Breast Exams 
Student Health Insur.lMediCal & Health Plans 

San Diego 
6495 Alvarado Road 
(619) 287-8226 

41/z( 
Self Service Copies 

• Copies • Reproductions • 
• Passport Photos • Binding. 

And much more! 

M-Th 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

457-3775 

Roommate needed: M/F needed to 
share 3br/3ba house carclff. Own 
roorn/bath. S35O. Laura 942-9615 
(11/7) 
S725.00/mo. La Jolla Townhomes, 5 
min. from campus, 2 br. I ~ ba., 2 
poolS, sauna. sat~lte lV. The La 
Jollal 2700 Torrey Pines Rd. 453-
2700. (11/21) 
Roommate wanted-Female to 
share a 3 bd house w/farrit,'. 
Separae room & bath. call 453-IB28 
or 457-0969. 

M/F Roommate needed to share 
large one bedroom apt In 0na1 lA 
Jolla. 5225 ~1. Nev. 454-2412 
(p.m.). (11/7) 
Conct> br sail! by 0INr1er nNf' UCSO 
poo"'jac-saun.t.enniS. 3br-2ba. 457-
4851. 19).000. fII/11) 
Renri1g 2br I Yl ba mnOO 50'-'1 
8Nch 5700 mo. + deposit Is nego. 

75~3942 lmomi1gs & ewnWIgs) 
Meffssa. (11/4) 

Travel 
London 5539 Auc:kJInd S819 RT 1~ 
35111 ott NrJ ..r. FIW'I1nr'1 T~ 
CUb/619 722-8954. (111M) 


