
The Long Trek 
Back to UCSD _ • • 

. . . and into the 21 st century 
See page 7. 

, 

• • 
. . 

INSIDE-~omen'svo~leyballwins 
• It all ... on natIonal TV, too, 



2 Monday, Jan. 7, 1985 
NE 

• ' ~. ~~' -. "'. .,V( ~ .. 

"The collaborative agreement being 
signed today ... represents a major step 
forward, not only in relations between 
our two institutions, but in 
institutionalizing the working 
relationship between the academic 
research communities of Mexico and 
the United States." 

Those were the words of Dr. Wayne 
A Cornelius in reference to the 
December II signing of the agreement 
between UCSD's Center for US-Mexican 
Studies and the Centro de Estudios 
Fronterizos del None de Mexico 
(CEFNOMEX). The ceremony was held 
in the recently opened Institute of the 
Americas Building, and the documents 
were Signed by Cornelius, director of 
UCSD's center, and Dr. Jorge 
Bustamante. director of CEFNOMEX. 
The twO institutions have agreed to 
combine the annual publications each 
puts out concerni ng research in the 
field of US-Mexican Studies into one 
bilingual publication , which begins with 
an issue to be released in March 1986. 

o 
Three professors in the UCSD 

Depanment of Chemistry have been 
named Fellows by the American 
Association for the Advancement of 
Science. They are Drs. Edward A 
Dennis, Murray Goodman and Charles 
L. Perrin . 

Dennis was chosen "for contributions 
to biochemistry, in pamcular, for work 
on membranes using modern 
spectroscopic tools." 

Goodman was chosen "for creative 
research Contributions in the syntheSiS 
and characterization of biopolymers. in 
panicular, polypeptides and for 
conformational studies of biopolymers." 

Perrin was chosen "for contributions 
to physical organic chemistry and 
elucidation of mechanisms of aromatic 
substitutions: 

o 
OASIS is oITering a workshop In 

"Concentration and Creativiry" January 
23-February 20 designed to control 
numerous side trips during srudying 
and improve the ability to rurn on 
creativity at will. It also offers a wide 
variety of "Tech Talks," 45-minute 
seminars deSigned to improve skills in 
everything from notetaking to stress 
management. For more informatlon on 
these and other student assistance 
programs offered through OASIS, caU 
x1284 or Stop by USB 4010. 

o 
The UCSD Speech and Debate Team 

turned in a sparkling performance at the 
Pacific Southcoast Forensics Association 
Fall Championships in Los Angeles. 
which were held a week before finals. 

Leading the UCSD effon against a 
field of over 500 students from the 40 
colleges and universities, was Wago 
Kreider. a Warren junior, who finished 
first in Communication AnalysiS with 
his speech on political rhetOriC. The 
team prepared all quaner under the 
direction of team organizers Brian 
Hughes and Steve Crupi . 

Crupi placed fifth in Extemporaneous 
and qualified for finals in impromptu. 
Joh n Coats, a Warren freshman , 
advanced to finals as well with hIS 
"Speech to Entenain ." Among the other 
team members conmbuting to UCSD's 
slrong showing were Karen Fagan, Alicia 
Reed and Yoshio Kunz. 

Although the Speech and Debate 
Team will continue its activltles during 
the winter and spnng quaners, many 
students are disappointed that there will 
be no public speaking courses offered 
by the university. Students are virtually 
on theIr own when it comes to getting 
involved with speech debate-one of 
UCSD's few academIC extracumcular 
actlvllies. 

This quaner's speech activities were 
given a healthy forecast by team co· 
organizer Brian Hughes, saying, "We are 
going to bring speech and debate to 
UCSD in a big way. Our goal is to 
compete in three to four tournaments a 
quaner with a fuU contingent of 
individual events, speakers and team 
debaters." 

Concerning the team 's organization 
and finances , Hughs emphaSized that 
"with upcoming funding we hope to 
hire a fun-time coach to facilitate 
UCSD's rise to the same level of 
academic excellence and respect in 
speech and debate as such universities 
as USC, UCLA and UC Berkeley." 

"Srudents who graduate from UCSD 
without the opponunity to develop their 
speaking abilities will be at a severe 
disadvantage in the pursUlt of future 
academic and career goals," said Crupi. 

Students Interested in panicipating 
call 453·3607 . 

o 
The Health Policy Project in the 

Department of Community and Famil), 
Medicine, at the School of Medicine, 
has openmgs for a limi ted number of 
undergraduate volunteers. 

The project, which is primarily 
concemed with developing scientific 
methods for health policy analysis, is 
currently involved with a wide array of 
health care delivery issues. These 
include the care of the elderly, 
satisfaction with medical care, quality of 
life measurement and computer 
simulation of biomedical and 
organizational problems. 

Upper- and lower-diviSIon students 
from all majors are welcome . Volunteers 
work four to six hours per week to 
develop background for their own 
academic credit projects. Stop by Room 
102 in the Community Medicine Facility 
(nonheast of Club Med) or call x2895 
from 2·5 pm for applications, 
informallon and appointments. 

o 
Plans for the founh Summer 

Undergraduate Affirmatlve Action 
Research Program (SUMRP) are now 
underway at UC Davis. The purpose of 
this program is to acquaint the 
traditionally underrepresented student 
with the opponunities for graduate 
study In the bIOlogical and agricultural 
sciences. While SUMRP is open to all 
qualified students, it is primarily 
intended for ethmc minorities who have 
completed their Jumor year in college 

Students will spend eight weeks on 
lhe UC Davis campus working under 
the supervisIon of a faculty mentor on a 
research project of mUtual Interest. Each 
student will be treated as an integral 
member of the research group and will 
panicipate in lab·related aCtivlties. For 
this reason . faculty mentors have been 
chosen who are sensitive to the 
academic and social needs of the 
visiting student, and who share a 
common tnterest In Increasing the 
numbers of elhnic minorities in aU areas 
of the biological sciences. 

In addition to receIving five quaner 
units of independent research credit, 
and a $1000 stipend, each student will 
receive a scholarship to cover expenses. 
Applicants are limIted to California 
residents who are US citizens or 
permanent immigrants . Students who 
have completed at least twO years of 
college will be selected on the basis of 
their academIC record, lerters of 
recommendation and theIr interest In 
the biological and agriculturnl sCIences. 

The applicatlon deadlIne for the 
program is April I . 1985 For :Iddlllonal 
inform:IllOn and appitcallon materials 
conWCt: Dr. R.L. Rodriguez, Dcp:Irtment 
of Gencllcs, Umvcrslty of California, 

DavI~, CA 95616. 

~------~-~--~------~ 
$!I r-I- .. ~ I -I" 

• I. a ~~W-~~I~ III ... • 
lJI ". ~ 

" 
~r 

LJ ..J II. I.rl • • .... 
..tL ~ll ... 

. 

17 
JL IL J . 

~ 
" 

S'( I ... 1iJootJ' 

Cover: It may be a long haul to campus from some of the 
remote parking lots in UCSD's future, Many changes are 
in store for the campus before the end of the century, 
especially in regards to parking and traffic. A look at the 
results of the just-released $80,000 study that explores 
the future in our cover story on page 7. 

News: Articles on the world-famous donkey SOnette and the 
controversy she and the UCSD veterinarians who brought 
her here have caused, Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
releases its weather forecast for the winter months, a UCSD 
student is honored for his service as a Marine, Muir students 
sacrifice a meal to help the Red Cross in its Ethiopian relief 
mission, and a reprinting of November's "Stress Test," 
touched up a bit. 
Opinions: The editorial takes a look at what's in store for 
UCSD through the end of the century-and why. Also, one 
student asks us to kindly give bus drivers a break, plus letters 
and perhaps your first dose of Doonesbury. in a month. 
Perspectives: Pizza, patients and prostitutes-fast delivery 
one night in Stockton for a UCSD pre-med student, Air Force 
One demonstrates the power of the presidency to a Guardian 
photographer, and "the writer's i" looks backward and 
forward at vacations. 
Spons: Arguably the best team in UCSD history showed 
what being a champion is all about. The UCSD women's 
volleyball team won its second national crown in four years 
by first defeating rival La Verne in the semifinals, then 
destroying MIT before a national TV audience (ESPN 
broadcasted the championship match) to claim the title. 
Also, a look ahead at the upcoming men's v-ball season, plus a 
qUick update on men's basketball. 
Plus... The Weekly Calendar. Also, look for the 
announcement of the new writers' meeting (page 18). 

COVER PHOTO BY RICH PEC]AI< 

o 
Private suppon for the University, 

which has been increasing steadily for 
several years, reached a record $215.7 
million during 1983-84, according to a 
repon presented recently [0 the Board 
of Regents . 

The figure represents a 37% gain over 
the 1982·83 total of $157.5 million . 
according to the repon. 

In remarks prepared for the Regents' 
meeti ng in San Francisco, WillIam 
Baker, vice president of Budget and 
University Relations, said private gifts to 
the Universi ty have set records for eight 
of the last ten years. 

Alumni contributions and those from 
corporations both were up substantially 
from 1982-83. Alumni contributions to 
the Regents from all nine campuses 
were up 107%, while corporate gifts to 
the Regents increased almost as much-
104%. Alumni gifts to campus 
foundations increased by 80%. 

The individual campuses all showed 
gains. Combined suppon (including 
gifts to the Regents and [0 campus 
foundations ) increased most sharply 
(65%) at Santa Cruz. 

Baker said the increases are not 
accidental but are based on several good 
reasons, including increasingly 
ambitious and successful fu nd -raising 
campaigns on the indiVIdual campuses. 

o 
Ronald W. Tobin, professor of 

French at UC Santa Barbara, was made 
a Knight 10 the National Order of Merit 
by the French government in 

recognition of his contributions to 
French culture through his scholarship, 
lectures around the world. and service 
In international scholarly societies. 

The award was presented recently by 
Francois Mouton, French consul general 
in Los Angeles, at a reception at UCSB 
hosted by Chancellor Robert A 
Huttenback. 

Tobin is managing editor of the 
French Review, a schola rly journal 
published by the American Association 
of Teachers of French that has the 
largest subscription of any review 
devoted exclUSively to French studies. 

o 
University officials recently 

announced that a gift of more than 
$400,000 in Olympic eqUipment has 
been donated to Santa Barbara by the 
Los Angeles OlympiC Organizing 
Committee (LAOOC). 

All OlympiC articles and apparati used 
at Lake Casitas in Ventura County 
during the 1984 Summer Olympic 
Games-the site for the canoeing, 
rowing and kayaking events-and the 
flags and poles representing the 
countries of the competitors who lived 
in the OlympiC Village at UCSB will be 
held in trust by the UCSB Foundation, a 
non-profit corporation that administers 
gi ft s to the University. 

In announcing the gift, lAOOC 
Executive Vice President Harry L. Usher 
said the matenal is being presented in 
order to leave a legacy from the Games 
of the XXIII Olymptad. 

-Sean Wag!talf 

.< 
.:. 

Monday. Jan. 7, 1985 3 

SID weather report 

Dr. Sharon Vanderlip of UCSD comforts tht donllty that madt rtlJtionai news 

Rare French ass 
gets reprieve 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Associate News Edll," 

S ONETTE, A RARE French donkey that faced death or deponation due to bureaucratic red tape has finally 
been given a clean bill of health and the 
right to stay in this country. 

The only Poitou ass in the United 
States and one of only 60 remaining in 
the world, 5<mette was imponed by 
UCSD veteranarians Sharon and Jack 
Vanderlip , with the hope of establishing 
a breeding program here. Although the 
project was discussed beforehand with 
offiCials from the US Depanmem of 
Agriculture and seemed to pose no 
problems, according to Sharon 
Vanderlip, it was soon discovered that 
the required USDA tests used to check 
for several exotic equine diseases were 
developed for horses, not for donkeys. 

Because the tests repeatedly failed to 
show conclusively whether or not the 
animal was sick, USDA regulatiOns 
caned for having the animal destroyed 
or sent back to France. 

The donkey was te5le<i several times 
for glanders, dourine and piroplasmOSiS, 
but none of the tests were conc\o.isive. 
The USDA ruled that unless all of the 
tests proved negative, the donkey would 
be destroyed . 

"There is a substance in the blood 
serum of donkeys and zebras that tests 
falsely positive," Vanderlip said , "but we 
knew an along that the animal was 
perfectly healthy: 

Glanders is a lethal disease not found 
in France that would have killed the 

, > COIlnlNUED ON PAGE 13 > 

By EDWARD ISRAEL 

RESEARCHERS AT UCSD's Scripps Institution of Oceanography predict a cold western half and a 
mild eastern half of the nation in this 
winter season. 

Along with this temperature pattern. 
forecasters Dr. Jerome Namias and 
Daniel Cayan expect heavier than 
normal preCi pitation in much of the 
nation, especially over the country's 
midsection lying between the 
Appalachians and the Rockies, with 
frequent snows at higher elevations of 
the west and over the Great Plains. 

According to the researchers. the 
contrast of the cold western and warm 
eastern air masses set conditions for 
storms that are often enhanced by 
moisture and heat from the Gulf of 
Mexico. 

Most of the West Coast is expected to 
conti~ue experiencing frequent rain 
showers through the winter as it has 
this fan. The southern ponions of the 
area win receive few long storms but 
instead. alternating shon periods of rain 
a nd fair weather. 

Only occasional showers and a few 
long storms are predicted for the eastern 
coast with tota] amounts below normal 
precipitation levels. 

"During this past fan. the general 
weather pattern over the coterminous 
United States has been unseasonaUy 
warm in the eastern third of the nation 
while the western half has been cold," 
Namias said. "This abnormal pattern 
emerged strongly in October and 
November and has produced 
appreciably heavier than normal 

precipitation over most of the nation 
except for d rier conditions in states east 
of the Appalachians. The winds aloft 
responsible fo r these abnormalities have 
exhibited frequent troughs, or equatorial 
bulges. in the far west. and ridges. or 
poleward crests, east of the 
Appalachians. 

"The steadiness of this pattern has 
been related to boundary influences of 
underlying ocean surface temperatures 
in the Nonh Pacific and Nonh Atlantic 
this year and with snows already laid 
down in the Rockies and Great Basin of 
the West." Namias said. 

The reserachers said this kind of 
pattern has been unusuany stable this 
fall and shows signs of persisting into 
the winter season. 

The prediction techniques utilize , in 
pan, data on ocean surface temperatures 
as indicators of changes in climate over 
the continents. Thousands of 
temperature readings are taken each 
month from ships, planes, and buoys 
and by remote sensing via satellite. 

Namias said that vast warm and cold 
pools of water, frequently as large as 
one-founh the area of the Nonh Pacific 
Ocean, are probably generated originally 
by atmospheric wind systems. These 
pools, in rurn . act as variable heat 
sources that can influence the overlying 
atmosphere weeks, months and 
sometimes years later, he said. 

"The ocean plays a key role in the 
determination of worldwide climatic 
conditions," Namias said . "Reasons for 
this year's predicted change in wind 

> COrmNUED ON PAGE 13 \ 

Visual Arts--__ _ 
The following courses are still open. Interested 

students should attend the first class meeting to add. 
(pl«l&e see the general catalog for course descriptions) 

VA 105C Advanced Drawing 
TTh 12:00-2:50 HL1200W: Professor Farber 

VA l06B Intermediate Painting 
TTh 3:00-5:50 WC 307: Professor Silva 

VA 106C Advanced Painting 
MW 9:00-11:50 WC 307: Professor Ringgold 

VA 123C . Michelangelo 
TTh 4:00-5:20 MAN 103: Professor Greenstein 

VA 125G American Folk Art 
TTh 10:00-11:20: Professor Teilhet 

VA 107F Tableau 
____________ MW 9:00-11:50 WC 319: Professor Scanga 

VA 155 The Director Series 
Lee. Tu 6:00-8:50 p.m.: Professor Farber 
(sections are held on Wednesday) 

This course describes the experience. looks and structure of director-dominated films. 
Directors to be studied this quarter will be Marco Bellochio. Nick Ray. Alfred Hitchcock, 
Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Chantal Ackerman, and Jean Luc Godard. 
Films of Domestic Drama. Films to be shown will include: Graduate First, Rebel without a 
Cause, China is Near, Femme Douce. Honeymoon Killers, Written on the Wind and Greed. 



4 M(lt(Juy, JUII. i. 198.5 

Planners and the paved paradise 
We are expanding, fellow students. Forget the small-college 

atmosphere; the planners are sending us off to the "Remote Lot." You 
requested more parking and have received an affinnative answer. That's 
right. By the year 2000 , our student population will have been granted 
2000 more parking spaces (there must have been an Orwellian in the 
group). Hey, the Long Range Development Plan projects the 
undergraduate and graduate student population to rise from the present 
12,775 entities to 19,800 in 15 years; the population crunch strikes La 
Jolla . 

What foresight! Heck, who needs to live in a close-knit community? It 
will be a paved paradise . Go for it, Planners; put up a parking lot! While 
you're at it, construct those parking garages like you would the Cistine 
Chapel. Prop up gate houses, mark off bike lanes, red curb aU of Torrey 
Pines, widen La Jolla Village Drive, build new entrances and exits off 
lnterstate-5 , pour the concrete on the basin and let's get moving! Look 
guys, it took you two years to publish a 33-page report so we are not 
that confident you'll finish construction before the added 7,025 students 
huff and puff and blow u.s. B. down. What we want to know is, "Who 
taught your planning course?" Do you know how many students will 
attempt to get into that class when they find out that you get two years 
to write a 30-page paper? Shucks, people, most of us have only ten 
weeks to write something of that length , and without graphs too. 

Do you know what really kills us , Planners? That you gO[ paid for it 
also. Our University paid you to point out the obvious and make mere 
projections. Damn. we have to pay the University in order to have the 
chance to present our analyses and then receive criticism , while at the 
same time you pocket some cash , go home, tum on the tube , and 
remain unwuched by the crazy intellectuals who grade our work. ' If you 
would have only asked us what we would have chosen to do with the 
little remaining undeveloped land around the University, you would 
have been spared the criticism. But you did not, so here goes. 

First, who is going to pay for the construction of 9,347 spaces? Since 

Some stressful verse 
Editor: 
I repeat myself when under stress. 
I repeat myself when under stress. 
like peepers in spring. & constantly 
without listening, repeating themselves 
to us in anOther way. 

in recognitton of what remains 
the theatre filled with strange 
laughter. understanding that 
Within Itself there is an intenuon 
to avoid the recognlUon of the 
horror and the fear of the 
horror and the fea r 

B. Gold 

Edilor: 
Slender fingers run through strands of 

untangled hair, they trace the outline of 
his jaw, they cup the folds of skin under 
his chin . Empty packs of cigarettes lie 
crushed all around him , the aIr IS heavy 
and stale. He thrusts open the window, 
breathes deeply in the frozen night, 
grabs his jacket, and races toward the 
sea. Strident steps pound on crusted 
sa nd, carrying him away from the war, 
the starry sky is hi s friend , he cannot 
resist its embrace. Spangles of light 
re fresh his tired mind , the world is no 
longer with him. 

Free from stress. his eyes see clearly 
now. The signs of the heavens, majestic 
and bold , display the beaury of the 

we are only to receive less than a fourth of the new spaces, our 
inevitable fee increase should only reflect the COSt of those spaces, if at 
all. Second, in order to run the intra-campus shuttle effectively (which 
means getting people to class on time), you will have to run at least 
three shuttles all day long. Where was the analYSis of the cost-
effectiveness of the shuttle in the repon? And again. who is footing the 
bill? Thirdly (we've got you here, you let the cat out of the bag, ladies 
and gentlemen), there is no evidence within the analysis that leads us to 
believe that cheap, off-campus housing sights will be built in the near 
fu ture . You did allot 200 more spaces to Mesa Apartments, and also 
allotted 567 spaces to "Future College" for the year 1995, but we could 
not detect even a subtle hint that might convince us that you do realize 
there is a severe hOUSing crisis. Excuse us, ~e have misled. You did 
build the "Gray Condos From the Crypt" next to Warren Campus 4st 
year. Fourth , did you conduct an environmental study on the effect of 
all this new construction on the small animal -population and eucalyptus 
groves? Do you care? Lastly, why don't you take a poll of the entire 
University population and discover where its priOrities are with regard 
to new construction? What you might find is an overwhelming desire 
for bilateral planning. For example, instead of relocating 2,700 spaces 
east of Interstate 5, how about taking that land and constructing a 
campus-oriented commercial center? This in tum would create more 
jobs for students, and would be quite inexpensive, as the interested 
entrepreneurs would pay a large pan of the cost. Then, of course, wipe 
out 'La Jolla Village Square and designate all the parking spaces for cars 
with "S" stickers only. 

Planners, you must understand our frustration . We are never 
consulted on such matters. Today, registering for classes is like 
registering for the draft. For you never know when you are going to be 
shipped off to battle in a faraway land; while here, we are not quite sure 
when we will be towed away to a remote lot to engage in yet another 
war with the meter maids. 

black. His cheeks are hot and wet with 
happy tears that bathe his princely 
smile. Shouts of joy honor the restless 
tide: the magic and the glory and the 
power are forever, and forever his. 

From-The Dark Side 

Parking burdens 
Editor: 

The following is a proposal 
conceming the impending parking fee 
hIke at UCSD; perhaps printing it in the 
Guardian wiU allow for more public 
discussion of possible solutions: 

Parking permits should be required 
for evening extension students and 
others who use the UCSD parking lots 

after 5 pm. Existing A, Band S permits 
could also serve as night permits. Those 
evening students who may choose not 
to purchase evening permits could park 
in another, more distant parking lot 
than that adjacent to their classrooms. 
The "out-lying" parking lots would not 
require evening parking permits. 

This way, instead of burdening 
daytime students and staff with the total 
cost of parking, the cost could be 
shared by all those who use the 
faCilities. In this way, everyone who 
benefits from the University will justly 
contribute his or her share to its 
maintenance and expenses. 

Michael K. Gross 

E:DIJOAa. fItU LJI.I)IR 
MEWS EDIYOA: PHI. 'MJ.ClH AS!OClAlI NlWS IDIfORe 5UH'tI1GSWf 

~ NlWS EDIa. IDIfMDIIWL 
COII'f EDIYOA: .w.. tWf5EN fIHOIO mIICa RCI ~ 
OfI •• OMS ~ t.W1HlW J. ao.. PIItIIIaMS ~ a. HOPI_eMaIl 
SPam ~ IiRSo\VNX CON1MI,....IIOIIS .... Ql\MOI 
Am EDIYOA: /IIO£tI KEEJ.EP. AIIOCIA. MIS aoR. ON QH5 
.... ....... ~.-............................................................ .-.......... -........... _ ......... _ .. _ .. _ .. - ... _-..... __ ........ _._-_ .... _ ... -

GMPIIC MlIS1St JOttf N:iNOf, JOtft AHII. lQM 1l0HlCA 
PHOI'OCiINtDSt JOttf AHa QQ BEGIN. EIlIMJIIV) ISM&. ~'W''I;.· .... IOiIRMCIW:lI. ML 

AEDACND • ..,. 1lECW<. ~r:Jf 50FUY 
STAFF WM'EAS: MIN. OfI.EITEHfIEP.G. ffiWI FUP.ST, JCW<I RlI'SIlIM, NIl1/fV. ~, ~ ..... 

CHPJ5TJIIA KNJS, AOOERT LlONE. l.t.Y5~, JillFMlNC. KEU.£Y N~ 1Jf.M'tQJCIN. 
OAoWN WMPHP. YEN TAYLOf' 

....................... . .... ................. . .. .. .............. .... •• .. .......... . • ...................... ...... .... _ .... ............... _ .... 64 ......... ... ...................... . .. . . ....... ..... ....... .. 

PASTt~ AAnsTS: JOIot4 AStUE. StW.ON NGOI, Qt.W)~, KMI.A 5NNCEPo. N..U5ON pn~~ 
TVIIDET1OS: 1<&1 FlN. Wl I-WISEN, MIP ~ CW& lJoQW 
DUSIN£SS IMHAGEM: OM ~ SHENa. WIMONO, PE1EP. HOfFMNoI 

Monday, Jan. 7, 1985 .5 
CNIN(~ 
"~""""""""'J..:~.;..;.~:oo:. , ...... :-;.;..o;~:;>.:, ....... , .• y •• , .. .. '. 

Support your noble bus driver 'Get It On Paper 
By BECCI BENWITI 

People are so damn rude to bus drivers. This 
morning. for instance .. this old lady standing on the 
curb at the VA Hospital screeches to the driver of Bus 
of 1, ·Where's May's Department Store?" He doesn't 
know. She chews her tongue for a minute and then 
stomps away-disgusted with the fact that the driver 
cannot supply her WIth the requested information. He 
has obviously spoiled this anal retentive woman's 
whole day. 

"But Lady," I think to myself, "Who do you think 
this guy is ... Instant Info Center, Inc .; EDNA; your 
father; God?" 

The abuse continues. Yesterday, a girl sitting behind 
the driver was confused. "Sir, where am I?" He answers 
politely, "Universiry Towne Center." "Universiry of 
wnat?" she demands irritately. 

The girl then asks why the front of the bus has 
"Fashion Valley" on it. "Is that a joke? What a stupid 
name for a ciry." 

This girl then proceeds to continue dumping her 
further opinions all over the bus driver-like he was 
personally responsible for naming all of San Diego's 
areas. 

Then there are the students-most of whom appear 
to be scared of bus drivers. They board the bus, eyes 
cast downwards and flash their passes- avoiding eye 
contact with the driver at all cost. Eye contact-what a 
frightening concept. 

Students never smile at bus drivers either. From the 
looks of some faces, its obviously too much trouble. A 
free bus ride is guaranteed whether they smile or not. 
A grin brings no additional rewa~, so why put out the 
effort. Effort? What sick logic. I've seen more people 
squirm in their seats because a driver spoke to them 
than I'd care to report. It would be an embarrassment 
to humanity to publicize such a statistic. The driver 
says, "How was your day?" Typical rider's reply is, 
"OK." As he utters this profound response, the 
passenger usuaUy glances nervously around the bus to 
make sure no one sees him conversing with the driver. 
What's the big hype anyway? I have never seen a "No 
Talking to the Driver-$500 Fine" sign anywhere . . 
Those drivers are normal people. Someone-believe it. 
They are not nailed to that seat. They do wear colors 
Other than blue. And they don 't bite. 

Just like real people, I'm sure they do have feelings. 
Watch their eyes manifest this when yet another 
person demands to know exactly how many buses StOP 
at Intersection X at 6:03 am three Saturdays from 
today. People ask the lamest things. And rarely do I 
ever hear a "Thanks" come from even the most 
obnoxious provokers. Although drivers are routinely 
subjected to people with negative courtesy, they 
manage to stomach this abuse quite nobly. They 
remain silent and continue driving as some clod 
storms off. But again, watch their eyes sometime. 
Rudeness is noticed! 

If I were a bus driver I could see myself losing faith 
rapidly in civil decency. Whatever happened to 
respect? 

These workers do a great setvice to the community 
and the same people who verbaUy abuse drivers- no 
maner how subtly-are the ones who would scream 

[he loudest Ir buses were to go out of business. Drivers 
do not expect nowers, candy or McDonalds gift 
certificates from their patrons- in fact, I don 't believe 
they expeCt anything. So take it upon yourselr one day 
to instigate small talk. He'U be pleasantly surprised and 
you'll feel an adrenalin surge once the ordeal is over. 
What a high it is to make someone else feel good. And 
what a cliche thing to say. Unfortunately, however, it is 
nothing but a lonely chc he when it comes to 
passegnerl driver relations on city buses. If you are 
guilty of the above-mentioned abusive type conduct, I 
have but one suggestion: Don't be! 

Doonesbury 

Submissions to the Opinions section 
should be double- or triple-spaced 
on a 72-character line, and must in-
clude the author's name and phone 
number, 
Mail or deliver letters (1-2 pages in 
length) or viewpoims (3-5 pages in 
length) to the Opinions Editor, The 
UCSD Guardian, UCSD, B-016, La 
Jolla, CA 92093. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

/WIMO/le 
JEW)' 
ALICE? 

MAKING DICISIONS EASIIR 
Family Planning Associates Medical Group's professional concerned 
staff can give YOll the support you need when moking decisions 
about yourpersonol health care needs. Call today for an immediale 
oppointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

-San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

Give your students an alternative to the Ubrary Reserve Room. We'll tum your loose 
course materials inlo bound c lass readers. 

NO CIWIGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBlE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 

OUR REP WlU HUP OIIGNtIZE YOUR MATERtAI.S 
OVlllNIGHT ORDERS ACCEPTED 

IV'on-Thurs 8:00-8:00 
Fri 8:00-6:00 

Sat 10:00-5:00 
Sun 12:00-5:00 

OPIN WEElCENOS 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs and Savon) 
457-3775 

copies 



MUSIC DEPARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS 
The ~ollowing courses offered by the Music Depanment will satisfy college fine ans requirements, as well as 
cenam General Education requirements. None require prior musical education or experience. 

Music 3ADe MUSICAL LITERACY 
A practical introduction to the fundamentals of 
music (chords, scales, rhythm, transcription, keys, 
etc.) for the non-major. (Professor Balzano) 

Music 5B 20th CENnJRY MUSIC and 
CONTEMPORARY ISSUES 
Lectures, listening sessions and small groups will 
discuss contemporary issues as evidenced in the 
works of imponant musicians of the 20th century 
(e.g., Schoenberg, Stravinsky, Cage, Ives, Panch, 
etc.) 

Music 60 OPERA MASTERWORKS 
Five masterpieces of opera in film will be covered. 
Selections will be from Baroque Opera, Classical 
Opera, Italian Opera-verismo, German Opera-
music drama, and 20th Century Opera. The operas 
will be discussed , themes and motifs listened to on 
records before the film. The composer, the music, 
the librettist, the libretto, the staging and the opera 
will be examined. (Professor Plantamura, Winter) 

~ 
~NO~~~~. _____ " 

U'IN 

LA JOLLA 

'140 ~~ PIES ~u., ~" 
l!::::=~Ol'/ff R GOo\1 '\~"';/;==:::!J 

7580 Fay Avenue 
La Jolla, California 92037 

(619)454-2125 

Music 127 A MUSIC OF BLACK AMERICANS 
(Winter quaner) will investigate the vocal music of 
Black American culture, primarily the development 
of the Spiritual and the Blues traditions 

Music 127B MUSIC OF BLACK AMERICANS 
(Spring quarrer) will critically study the history of 
jazz in America. These courses may be taken as a 
sequence or individually, however Music 127A 
should be taken before Music 127B. (Professor 
Cheatham) 

PERFORMANCE OPPORTUNmES 
A wide variety of performing ensembles (Music 95 
A-N) are open for campus-wide enrollment: 
Symphony Orehestra (Professor Nee), Chamber 
Music (Performance Faculty), Concert Choir (Dr. Ll.Il-Gl-a",,-- ~....­
Lauer) , Symphonic Chorus (Mr. Chase), 
Collegium Musicum, vocal, (Professor Larson), 
Gospel Choir Rev. G. Jones), Jazz Ensemble 
(Professor Cheatham), Wind Ensemble (Ms. 
Earnest). 

n"Lt /t-iA{!/ . 05«"" :>"D' ~~r. service on m 
~,'Vvvlrl INCLUDB: Contact lenses, tt.rj'5 exar:-ination. patient tralnmg. follow up, 1 chemical care kit with 5tudent I. D. and fitting. r~~ J J,1 t EXTfNDeD WfAR ~ '1f" ~\f LfrtSfS ONLY $265.00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0.0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

Fashion \.elley Center 
295-0537 

lOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0.0. 
Un~ty Towne Centre 

457-4791 

FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 
FOR WINTER QUARTER 

F.S.108-
Biochemical Anthropology-Molecular Individuality 
Professor Nathan Kaplan - Tu-Thur 8:30-9:50, HL 0236 
Examples will be given on how the re.N biological techniques twIe 
allowed for the tracing of migrations of human populations as well 
as showing genetic relationship between di~ent 3'QUPS of 
people. The origin, distribution and significance of gen£tic 
disorders (Sickle Cell Anemia, Tay Sachs) will be discussed. The 
relationship of genetic composition on the cultural and nutritional 
charlJCteristics . of different societies will be discussed. Finally, 
concepts relating to the factors controlling human evolution will be 
presented. 

Prerequi~ites: Introductory Biology or Introductory Biochemistry, or 
completion of the Revelle General Education requirements in 
Natural Science OR the equivalent. 

Monday. Jan. 7. 1985 7 
NE~ 

.. . . ~ / 

Cover story 

UCSD Parking-forecast through 1999 
By PHIL WlLLON. News Edllor 

A CCORDING TO A STUDY on the future parking and traffic situation at UCSD, the University 
will be relocating student and faculty' 
parking facilities farther and farther 
away from the central campus. 

In the recently released draft of the 
UCSD Traffic, Access and Parking Study, 
which COSt more than $80,000 and [Ook 
a year and a half to complete, it was 
recommended that 2,700 parking spaces 
designed to sel'Vt the westem portion of 
the campus be relocated east of 
Interstate 5 near Scripps Memorial 
Hospital. The draft also caRed for the 
removal of almost one third of the' 
present curb spaces on the off-campus 
street system. 

Some other proposals included in the 
report are the construction of a !'lew 
freeway offramp from 1-5 to Miramar 
Road; expanding the traffic capabilities 
of La Jolla Village Drive, Genesee 
Avenue, Regents Road and Eastgate Mall; 
reducing the amount of inner-campus 
traffic; installing gateS and infonnation 
booths at all the campus entrances 
(similar to the system at UC Santa 
Barbara); and closing many of the inner-
campus roads to through traffic . 

The study's recommendations are 
based on the projections of the campus 
enrollment and growth from now until 
the year 2000. Over that period the 
school's population (students, faculty 
and staff) is expected to increase from 
17,480 to 32,332-an increase of almost 
B5%-and with the new plan, parking 
facilities are to be constructed at a 
proponional rate, the report stated. 

The proposed parking plan caUs for 
more than 9,000 new spaces 10 be built 
(B75 garage spaces in three structures 
plus approximately .B,156 surface lot 
spaces). Most' of the new parking will be 
located east of 1-5. and a number of the 
smaller lots in the center of campus will 
be reduced in size or removed 
altogether. Planned are the removal of 

the Mandeville lot, the shrinkage of the 
Revelle lot, and the removal of the small 
lots near the Pub. the Registrar's Office 
and Warren College. 

The study states the reason for the 
shuffiing of parking spaces: "As the 
campus expands, 'it will not be possible 
to provide close-in parking in surface 
lots and preserve the beautiful woodland 
character of the campus. It is therefore 
proposed that in the future , long-term 
residence hall parking be relocated to 
remote lots east of 1-5." 

Approximately 1,500 of the 2.700 
remote lot spaces are intended to serve 
on-campus residents. These spaces 
would be provided at a "substantially 
reduced permit fee: 

Shuttle buses would cany students 
from these remote lots to the main 
campus every half hour. The report 
estimates that more than 7,500 people 
will use the shuttle system daily. 

A parking structure will be buill off 
Gilman Drive for visitors and people 
using the University Center, and a new 
'IOO-space lot, currently under 
construction near the Third College 
Apartments. was also recommended. 

As for the off-campus parking 
situation , the study recommends that 
parking be prohibited on La Jolla Village 
Drive. Genesee Avenue and La Jolla 
Shores Drive, but that Tt still be allowed 
on Gilman Drive and Regents Road. 
This would eliminate more than 400 
free parking spaces 10 add ro the 
current 2S0-space shortage the 
University is already experiencing, the 
study stated . The report adds that all of 
this will be absorbed with the new 
campus lots. 

On North Torrey Pines Road, the 
most popular and convenient off-
campus parking area, it was 
recommended that parking still be 
allowed. even though the City of San 
Diego may red curb the entire street, 
according to San Diego planner Steve 

~ [;~~!b~~[;~ 
COMPlETE HAIR CARE 

459-319~ 
565 PEARl. STREET, LA .JOlLA 

$10 PRECISION HAIRCUT (REG. $18-$25) 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO, CONDITIONER, CUT, STYlE, Blo,v DRY, IRON OR SET 

$25 PERMANENT WAVE (REG. $50) 
$15 MAKE-UP APPlICATION (REG. $20) 

$30 WAVING OR FROSTING (REG. $50) 
• GOOD FOR All CUENTS. All OFFERS EXPIRE 1/21/85 . 

CAREERS IN TEACHING: 
GRADUATE STUDY AT BERKELEY 

The school of Education of the University of California, Berkeley, 
offers specialized teacher preparation programs for a limited 
number of outstanding graduate students. For 1985-&>, 
secondary school teacher preparation programs will be 
available In the following subject areas: English (emphasizing 
the teaching of writing ); MathematicS: and Science. Elementary . 

. school programs offered next year will stress applications of 
developmental psychology in teaching and innovative 
approaches to science and mathematics Instruction. 
For more detailed Information and/or application forms. write: 
Student Services Office, School of Education, University of 
California. Berkeley, CA 94720, or telephone (415) 642{)836. 

Berg. This is due to the proposed 
construction of a bike path on both 
sides of the road. Berg said . The San 
Diego City Council will be voti ng on the 
measure, which is included in the new 
Blackhorse Farms project, this Tuesday. 

Although the parking and traffic study 
is complete , it is still not in final form, 
said Campus Planner Beverly Nuckles. 
"We're still dealing with a repon in a 
draft form," she said. "It still is vety 
flexible . and we may get some new great 
ideas yet." 

A draft of the stUdy has been sent to 
all of the major student, faculty, staff 
and community organizations and is 
open to discussion until the end of 
January. Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
will wait until February or March 10 give 
his final approval to the UC Regents, 
according to Assistant Vice Chancellor 
Bruce Oarling. 

The study was conducted by Parsons, 
Brinckerhoff. Quade & Douglass, Inc. 
The firm used a microcomputer traffic 
simulation model as its key tool in the 
evaluation of alternatives in traffic flow 
and parking networks. The nationally 
known company took a poll of the 
students, faculty and staff and 
considered relative traffic flow rates on 
the campus and surrounding roads 
before projecting the patterns found to 
the Long Range Development Plan 
(LRDP) of the University. 

According to the LRDP, UCSD will 
have two other colleges plus a new 
hospital and research and development 
park by the year 2000. The hospital will 
be located east of 1-5 near the proposed 
remote parking lots. 

Also proposed in the study is a vast 
netY.;ork of bicycle paths throughout the 
campus. The entrance of Old US 
Highway 101 to Third College and John 
Jay Hopkins Drive , which is currently 
fenced off from Genesee Avenue , will 
also be changed. 

The Administration's desire to 
"pedestrianize" the inner campus is the 

reason for the proposed blocking off of 
the heavily used inner-campus roads, 
such as Gilman Drive north of the 
Medical School. As the campus expands 
and distances between classes increase, 
the report said. pedestrian traffic as well 
as bicycle and skateboard traffic will 
increase. 

The parking and traffic stUdy 
recommends three five-year stages of 
development. In the first stage , 1985 to 
1990, UCSD would: 
- build approximately l,BOO new 
parking spaces; 
-relocate the campus entrance at Old 
Highway 101 to John Jay Hopkins Drive; 
and 
-put spotlights on the offramp of 1-5 
going to La Jolla Village Drive. 

The City of San Diego has cooperated 
tremendously in planning the alterations 
on the freeway and roadway system 
surrounding the campus, said Darling. 

"The campus and city recognized 
that, with the growth in the number of 
commuting stUdents and faculty, we 
would need to reconstruct the traffic 
and parking on and off campus," 
Darling said . "The purpose of the study 
is to improve the present situation." 

It is not yet known who is going to 
pay for all these improvements. A 
separate financial repon will be available 
next month and will include the 
monetary details, said Darling. 

The 1957 policy adopted by the 
Regents s tates that all vehicles parked 
on each of the UC campuses be 
registered once a year and be subject to 
a yearly fee that will cover the cOSt of all 
construc tion, operation, maintenance 
and administration of the parking 
system. 

The state legislature also passed a bill 
which eliminated the use of state tax 
funds for parking purposes on UC and 
State College campuses. Officials would 
not comment on whether student 
parking fees will cover the improvement 
cost. Ii::] 

MORE THAN A COMICS STOREn! 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Japanese models a -toys 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave., Son Diego, CA 92117 

(corner of Balboa & Clairemont Dr.) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483·4853 
Copyroght ' t984 Ma' vet ComICs Group All roghtS r~served 
S PtDER·MAN ,. and , 1!lB. MlI,vet Com.cs G,oup 



8 Monday, Jan. 7, 1985 

UCSD University Events Office presents 
On-Campus Transportation 

for Temporarily and Permanently 
, Disabled Students 
l)'",,!lJI(~d Stude"! S\JIVICP~' )tlt~ldl('~ 1 pi H ,CI1P(hJI, 'ti )fH .. an1()US It lIl-..pOrtallOfl 

.'ill'!)! lur <..J ~( tt ) l~tI ':)ltJc i( 'tlIS Prior 'icl1l'I Ii, '0e j I'll).:. up IlIn(~~ (cHI t.lC reserved 
I., (h",, 11 1'('d ~t I~JCIHS IrOIl H I!) d III 10 :{. I f) p 111 MUP(lrt'y H'rol,ql' t fl( lav fOI 

II ( H' 111,.., 1rtj'l~po"dIIOIl '1('('d5 PrJ()f ttotd,cd',on t)y feq~hH users, of Ihp Irdl"!;i 
[( r~ .' \Ill 'lY!lll'J11 ,~ ft~qlllrl'lj 1)0..' I tUJf$lL tV dl :200 Il()Onll Or( ln' to c"anq tho,r 
"1,, 'li llI', It !1 111\ lolltJ\~lllq MOIIO,]y IIlrOi,ql, f r1( jdY N(; v, users ollhe transport" 
/.01\ ~Iy~l l\ tll Cd !] ~ .... lll'dlJt('lltl('I' IIdll5PlJrLtfiOrl t'{~C(h 101 t/le curren' s, q rl up ,.'~{ f'~­
\..)11 C I l rd"~ pur!dll(v l("CIIIPsts ,'.II) I)(~ tlhHif' bv (1'5.:11):0(J &tu(1cnts 1)\11 01 \.0 t 
".1' sport ,l llon s('r\ ~\:~ >,; ,, IJ(' prO\iI(lt'U (Jill, " Ill! d pr·OI-scl telJulelJ P'CI< "I'~ 
"! '\ Ill'ell C\,Hll jll('ll'U • 

Additional Services : _ •••••••••••••••• _ 

BILL T. JONES/ ARNIE ZANE 
& CO. 

January 13, Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $10.50, Students $6.50 
UCSD Fac/ Staff, Seniors Cit. $8.50 

u.....-UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 4524559_--"" 

oisabllily Managemenl 
Advising 

AcademiC Support 
Coordination 

AcademiC Support Special 
Equipment Study Room 

Specral Equipment Loon 
ServIce 

Equipment Repair Service 
SpeCial On·Campus 

Housing Coordination 
SpeCial Parking 

Coordination 

I, 

Registration Ass is tance 
Special Enrollment 

Coordination 
Test -Taking Arrangement& 
Liaison with the California 

State Department of 
Rehabilitation 

Relerrals to Resources. 
Services. and Agencies 

Accessibil ity Map for the 
Disabled 

Awareness Program 
Outreach Program 

o ,II) rei Stlln," ! S<'rV''t,;{'< 
'1'l'V ' . ' 'I, 0 1 L I ,101 lit I 

f, I" IJ j I 
I I{ .1 L lll,\ft~i '1 )()H J 

h"q 1',' L~i 
Il~ql ::;,' ,'.1<11 Tf)O 
Illtpl If l}r11Ipl11",1f) 

IJ.'~ 
Dtc;,.,hIC(! Slltl tplll ~el \,lce,. 

Unf\'I~r<.,lv 01 C{tidollf I 
~,lll [)ICqo 

THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
-In the Administrative Complex at the corner of Gilman and Myers-

rr====== Rush Week Store Hours======il 
AAonday, Tuesday, ~ednesday 
January 7, 8, 9 ................................ 8:00 am to 8:00 pm 
Thursday 
January 10 .•.•••.••••••••••.....••••......••..... 8:00 am to 6:00 pm 
Friday 
January 11 •..•••••..••••••••••.••••....••••••••. 8:00 am to 5:00 pm 
Saturday 
January 12 •••••••...•.•••••...•.•••••.•.•••..... 1 0:00 am to 4:00 pm 

r.=====~Rcgular Bookstore Hours =======11 
Monday - Friday ....................... 8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
Saturday ••.••......•.•••.•.•••••••..•••••• 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 

Visit the Computer Center 
Name brand computers and accessories are on display- Come in and touch, 

Experienced personnel are ready to assist you-

The General Book Dcpet1lMnt his dllCounted 35~ 
on all cloth books appearing on current New York Times Best Seller List 

Student Marine 
given honor 

, 

By RENEE WENRICK 

A LTO LEEJERKINS III, a Third College senior, received the Commandment of the Marine 
Corps trophy Tuesday, Dec. II, for 
being the top graduate at last summer's 
Marine Officer Candidate's school in 
Quantico, Virginia. 

The 704 candidates from across the 
country were evaluated on their physical 
fiUless, academic ability and le.tdership 
skills. Some of the tests included 
obstacle courses, squad tactics, 
command situations and peer 
evaluations. Jerkins scored 98.8 out of a 
possible 100. He is the first officer 
candidate from Southern California to 
receive the trophy. 

UCSD studtnt and us Maline Alto Jenkins. 

"We are unbelievably proud of this . [ 
have an appreciation of how tough it is 
to excel at this level of leadership 
competition:' UCSD Chancellor Richard 
C. Atkinson told Jerkins at a campus 
ceremony with Major General Anthony 
Lukeman, commanding officer of the 
Manne Corps Recruit Depot. 

"The commandment created this 
award not only for the individual , but to 
give recognition to the universIty from 
which he came," Lukeman saId in a Sa n 
Diego Union article. 

Jerkin~ receives a trophy of h,s own 
and UCSD will house a larger trophy for 
the rematnder of this academic year. 

Jerkins is a 3.0 biology major with a 
psychology minor and works as a waiter 
nights. He attributes his "time 
management" skills to the Marines. 

A typical day at the Quantico school 
began at 3:30 in the morning and 
sometimes lasted until midnight, Jerkins 
said. The routine consisted of upper-
body physical training, a cross-COUntty 
run in boots, classroom instruction, field 
training, military drills, weapons . 
cleaning and late night studying. 

As an officer candidate he enjoys the 
physical and mental challenges .d1f, . '- , 
Marines offers because he likes ou~door 
activity, teamwork and leadersJtip; and 
"being pushed to the limit· <to ~ " 

"They (the Marine Corps) didlnOf' 
come looking for me; I went looking for 
them. There was no real alternative lor 
me. I wanted to be a Marine," Jerkins 
said in an interview. 

Jerkins said that in high school his 
attitude towards the military was not as 
positive and it wasn't until college that 
he realized the benefits offered by the 
Marine Corps. [n 1982 he signed up at 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
UCSD 
STUDENT CENTER 

c;gUNCIL 

The home of the 
3~¢ halllburger. 

, 

".J, 11\_ Pc~m. 
I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

i 
l l .... P .,E 

Lt \I\I,tt::: \" 

I -

~_e~~xrrx~W~~x~1rE~Le~.7. ~:. Quarter Pounder® ~ith Cheer:e' Lallie Fry, . J51 Medium,Slze Soft Drink II \ .. ",h \ .. . hk' I l\.1l>f I wnt II ' 
II Limit un.. coupun ~1l"r J $ II II cusroml"r, pl"r visit . PIl"as..' US t 1.99 1. 

pr<'s <' nt C<l upun whl"n II orJennK. Nut vnliJ with any (plus tall) 'II 
II "tlwr utkr . Only at: II 
II 7"0 Miramar Rd, II 

~ Good ttYu San Diqo_ ,~ ~ Feb. 7, 1985 ,~ 
------ --

7, 1985 9 

Students fight starvation 
The cafeterias were strangely empty on the evening of November 29, 1984, the 

last Thursday of the fall quaner. A Channel 10 news team panned the usually 
bustling scene. Could the food be that bad? No, rather 1,384 students with meal 
cards had given up their dinners to panicipate in Operation: Compassion. The 
event was initiated by the students of Campus Crusade for Christ, in which UCSD 
Food Services reimbursed the food costs of students' meals to the American Red 
Cross African Relief Fund. [n just one night $2318.80 was raised . 

"We really put this together at the last moment over Thanksgiving weekend and 
in the midst of gearing up for finals ," said one Campus Crusade leader. "But the 
ovetwhelming response by students and the help of some administration people 
made our job fun and easy." 

Food Service Director Brian Klippel echoed the same thoughts. "[ personally 
think that the turnout was greal Here was an issue that students could relate to 
fairly direcdy because of the publiCity that Africa has received lately. [t was a 
specific cause and giving up one meal is a ,small price to pay." 

The funds raised go direcdy to the Red Cross work in Africa. It takes only $4 of 
food per month to feed one child; however, due to the remoteness of many affected 
areas, it can cost up to three times that amount to transpon the food . Its assistance 
programs concentrate on the most vulnerable groups-children, elderly and 
nursing and pregnant women. 

According to Doris U.nger of the San Diego Red Cross, this most recent famine 
endangers II: {lOpulation of 185 million in 27 African nations. The drought-affected 
area IS roughly the SIZe of the USA and half of Canada combmed, ana the famine 
death toll is estimated to be in excess of 40,000 monthly. 
q,-tt,mds are also used to supply medicine and in the planning oflong-range food 
production programs. ~ 

a recruiting center since UCSD does not 
have a Reserve Officer Training Corps 
(ROTC). 

"It is ironic because you wouldn't 
think of UCSD as breeding young 
officers," Jerkins said in an interview. 

After graduation in December, he 
plans to enter the Marines as a second 

- Mike Ebert 

lieutenant and, if he likes it after four 
years, hell continue with a military 
career. If not, he could "fall back on 
biology or psychology Dr return to 
school," said Jerkins. 

"A job as a Marine officer offers a 
much better challenge than any other 
job [ can think of," he said. [J 

your ring. about 
Choosin~ finest-a J4K gold 
college nng from AnCarvcd. 

Designoo and handcrafted for 
lasting value, an ArtCarvcd 14K 
gold college ring is now more 
affordable than ever. For a lim-
ited time only, you can save $15 
on the style of your choice. Stop 
by to see the entire ArtCarved 
collection and custom options. 
Remernbe.; it's your year 
for gold! 

~RTQ1BsYt.P. 
January 7-11 .9:00 am-5:00 pn1. UCSD Bookstore 

() 19t14 MC~ CI ... RtngS 



0n~~~(~») 
o 0 (~( ==::::::J: ~~( ~) ) I l~) 

10% 
r-AL, 

.. II AMl' ~ 'O"~' .~. 6 t '~6, ,(,1. f t(" A, ,(rl., .62 
'-. ' . • tI • &10~ If 1,),", 1'1, '01, 10(" .. ~. ')1, '~Z.''fJ, ISS 
"~EM~ '4t~A~('A&,7A~ U&t/. '%D', I!..", 'J"''f046 

eco"~ IA,,~,l.A,18, ,,"A.,.'" '10,-",1. '7~ 
! ]dVl')"S 
EEC~ ~ ~.,(,',70 •• "~""S., '''''., tc,c)A."",~, 

,,,, •.• ,,5_ ,..,06, '"'7'A.'''''e. '7~ 
.. MA Tlt ! I A6('., lAec.. ,2..,,, "ZEA .P" 'Ie." 7'1. '20~&. '70&~ '''7'AII: '7if 17S· '7~A'; ,-,.,,,. •• o~ 1.'111 

Pt-IYS'('~: ~. III}. 2A.26.2.AS,L&S 
" IOL.'OS, .0 ... 

{ f 

AH ,.) PLaASE. O~ 
eY .0 ~ -ro f\.E.c:..EI\lE ntE~ 
8~ TIE &£6.H .... M4 ~ w.....-Q. ~tJAAffit 

U$ Grants is giving away money 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help you out with that 

special academic or creative project you've been 
thinking about! U$ Grants has over $5,000 to fund 
undergraduate academic projects this Winter quarter. 
For important information, attend one of our GRANT 
WORKSHOPS: Wed, Jan. 9 6-7 pm or Sat., Jan. 12 
10:30-11:30 am in the Multipurpose Room upstairs in 
the Student Center. For more info, call U$ Grants: 452-
3917 or drop by our office in the Student Center. 
GRANT PROPOSALS ARE DUE TUESDAY, JAN. 15 at 
2:00 , so HURRY! 

Know the issues on campus 
There's still time left to inlorm yourself on the new 

and revised "Winter '85 Referendum." On February 12 
and 13 of the sixth week of the quarter, two important 
issues will be put to the voting test. They are the 
revision of the AS. Constitution and Bylaws and an 
increase in your Student Activity Fee with a lock-in for 
the alternative print media, KSDT, and Student 
Services such as ASIO, Soft Reserves and TGs. Read the 
AS Bulletin next week to fi nd out more! 

Go right to the SOURCE 
Here is your opportunity to be an integral factor in 

the success of the new AS sponsored fundraiser 
·'Source." Immediate openings for account executives 
and management personnel in the areas of: 

• Job Search and Recruitment 
• Candidate Recruitment 
• Personnel Management 
• Organizational Managt=ment 
• Marketing 
• Finance 

No experience is necessary. Only hard working 
innovative risk takers need apply. SOURCE can be a 
great opponunity to make contacts in the local 
community and not work on campus. For more 
information, contact Marla Wimitz at 452-4450 or 
drop by the AS Offices. 

"Moscow Doe.sfl't 
Believe in Tears" 
F ri da\'. hi n lLU,' 1 1 

J - J 

7 rHn in TLH 107. FI\EE. 
".' " f { " ", '" ( ,I,. ' " (' • \ I , • " " 

Change of date for Sea Deucers 
The club meeting for the UCSD Sea Deucers (SCUBA 

Club) has been changed fromJanuary9 to Wednesday, 
January 16 at 8 pm in the Recreation Gym Conference 
Room, The speaker will be Don Kent from the HUB's 
Research Facility at Sea World. Non-members are 
welcome and there will be a raffle. 

'LAGO's General Meeting 
General meeting to begin the quarter. New students 

welcome for input and discussion on activities and 
events for lesbian and gay students. Already Planned: 
1) A gay helpline Sunday-Thursday 8-10 pm (452-
GAYS) 2) A non-sexist dance Friday,Jan . 18 at the Che 
Cafe at 9 pm. 3) Social hour weekly Thursdays at 8 pm. 
For more information call 452-GAYS. 

Attention: Student Orgs. 
All submissions for the Bulletin must be turned 

in by Wednesday at noon for Monday's issue. 
Please put material in the Bulletin mailbox. For 
more information please contact Bob Ames at 
452-4450. 

First. Organizational 
1985 Sun God Festival 

Meeting 

Do you want to participate? 
All interested student organizations MUST 
send at least one representative to the 
MANDATORY preliminary meeting. 
Thursday, jan. 17 at 4 pm in North Conf. Rm. 
Anyone interested in being on the Sun God 
Festival Committee should come to the 
meeting or see john Trumpler. For more 
information call 452-4450. 

Winter Quarter: 
&0:' 1, J9. 10 106. 155 

Chem: 6A (Schlcain&rr 6- Tilley) 
68 (Sawrey .s" TTOIltr) 

Comm: HlP 100 
NOkcalem a~ needed for. ., 107. J53 """ Psych 3 
0. .... ae patted 011 ourdoar lGaleed ill 5 .... 

Ctl IIr tIC ... &am the '-I co-op. 4'2-6138. 

Don't be a slug ... ASIO needs you 
Get involved this quarter at the Associated Students 

Internship Office! ASIO places over 300 students a year 
in internships of all types in San Diego, greater 
California and throughout the US. Without volunteer 
support, we would not be able to offer this valuable 
service to students, as we are an entirely student-run 
organization. What can YOU get out of being a staff 
member at ASIO? Business skills, profeSSional contacts, 
a resume reference, and a whole lot more! Find out all 
about us at ASIO's Staff Orientation Night, Thursday, 
Jan. 10 at 7 pm in the Nonh Conference Room. For 
more info, call 452-4689 or stop by our office above the 
Game Room in the Student Center. We're open daily, 
9-3 pm. . 

The College Bowl is Coming! 
College teams and renegade teams are 

being established. For more information 
contact the Student Activities Office, 
University Events Office or your college 
dean. 

New study needs volunteers 
Female volunteers are needed for a study being conducted on 

effective treatments for menstrual distress. The study will compare 
known effective medical and psychological treatments for 
dysmenorrhea (menstrual distress.) 

The research will be conducted by Valerie Shebroe. MA Doctoral 
candidate at the California School of Professional Psychology. 
Assisting in the study are Dr. Richard Gevirtz, and Dr. Katharine 
Sheehan. 

According to Shebroe, "Both physical and pyschological factors 
play a role in the experience of menstrual pain. High levels of 
prostaglandins, which are a hormonal substance, increase uterine 
muscle contractions which in tum cause a loss of blood supply to 
uterine tissue which can then cause pain. When a woman 
experiences menstrual pain, she may come to later antiCipate the 
experience of pain. Anticipation of pain may cause tensing and this 
make the experience of dysmeorrhea worse. It is our hop through 
this study, to funher the process of eliminating stress and pain 
during the menstrual period and in the future to offer women more 
alternatives for coping with menstrual pain." 

Any woman 18 or over and minors with parental permission who 
suffer from menstrual distress and would like to panicipate in the 
study may call Valerie Shebroe at 481-6181. 

Remember Rappers 
The hip-hopping, pop-locking team 

of Nora and josie, a.k.a. the AS Business 
Office, are closed on Monday. They will 
be getting down Tuesday - Friday 8-12 
&: 1-4:30. You can bank on it. 



Literatu're Department 
The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offers a wide 

variety of services including the proces8ing of all student 
forms, add/drop cards, and advifiling on majors and minors. 

Undergraduate Office: TCHB 110 • Graduate Office: TCHB 103 

LitlGcn 119 
Classical Mythology 
Lec A MWF 3:00-3:50 PH 10 .. cc7388 
Instructor: Page duBois 

Readi ngs in Classical Mythology including myths of heroes, of matriarchy and of the 
democratic city with attention to structuralist, Marxist, feminist, semiotic, and post-
structuralist theories of mythology and to the Roman rewriting of Greek mythology. 

LitiGen 127 
Prose Fiction: Demons, Vampil1!S and Other Horrors 'n Ninttufllh Century Fiction 
Lec A TTh 11:30-12:50 BB2135 cc6323 
Instructor: Abraham Dijkstra 

Many of the creatures of fear which populate contemporary culture were given their 
current form in the nineteenth century, by European novelists who invented symbolic 
monsters to give shape to their worries about a rapidly changing world. We shall read 
some of the most interesting of these early works, and analyze them in terms of the 
political , social, and personal concerns which inspired the creation of such shadows 
of terror. 

LitlGcn 154 
Women and Literature: FmAd and Feminism 
Lec A TTh 1:00-2:20 USB .. 050A cc6332 
Instructor: Suzanne Gearhart 

, 

For some time feminists have been engaged in a bitter polemic with Freud and 
psychoanalysis on the question of female sexuality. In recent years, however, a 
dilTerem attitude has emerged. Freud has come to be seen by many as having made 
positive contribution to the understanding of many feminist concerns, if nOl in his 
specific pronouncements on women, then in the broader implications of his work. 
His theory of the unconscious, his analysis of dreams, and his case studies have been 
seen as cmical sta rting-points in analyzing the problem of femininiry These new 
attitudes have gone hand in hand with an increasing sense of the compleXity and 
density of Freud's texts, which have come to be seen as embodying the same kinds 01 
ambiguity as important works of literature. 

LitiGen 15 .. 
Women and Literature: Eros and Epic: Women in the Epic Tradition 
Lec B MWF 1:00-1 :50 USB 3010 cc7387 
Instructor: Julie Hemker 

Thts course will investigate women 's roles as seduCtress, enchantress, mother and 
wtfe. In The Odyssey, The Aneid, Orlando Furioso and Paradise Lost, we will analyze 
woman 's place both in the male heroic world ofliterature and also to a certain extent 
In the historical periods in which the epics were composed . 

We Will read , The Anetd, The Odyssey, Orlando Furioso, and Paradise Lost-

LirlGca 1" 
................ 11 
o.t:dwc AaNIII: ne NovdI of DaIddI Hllmntm 
IDItructor: 5lncia Gft!Fry 
Although Dashie1 Hammett wrote fiV!! novels, he is generally considered -.rica' 
foft!most writer of hard-boiled detective fiction . Moft! than that, howeV!!l'; tIe.s 
Cft!atOT of a distinct body of fiction that is unique in its vitality, its 
!fivid and singular vision . Hammett's novels aft! ft!markablc in 
!he action on the page with such intensity that the fiction is 

~'nts not only to the outer world , but inwards to the world iousness that created it. He worked within the pft!scribed . d form of popular fiction and devised original, em:eltJli ·nes' audience; but he also consauctcd serious waly, and technically complex. 

Ut/Gen 164 
Sdmu Ficdon .... FCIIIIAISy: J1Ie &oiIIdDtt of At'" Amcrtam SdaIu Ftcdon 
Lee A TTh 1:30-3:'" APM 2402 cc6314 
lII5CIUdOr: Kim .obi __ 
This class is a study of American science fiction in the Twentieth century. It will glance 
at the rootS of modem science fiction in the works of the European WeBs and 
Zamiatin, and then quickly uace the genre's development in the pulp magazines and 
paperbacks of America Most of the c1ass time, however, will be devoted to the stUdy of 
the brilliant generation of American science fiction wrirers who first appeared in print 
in the 1960's. Theft! will be one novel ft!ad per week; a mid-rerm and final will be 
giV!!n; and theft! will be one long paper assigned. 

We will read: WeDs, The Timt MachinclWar of the Worlds, Zamiatin, WE, Bester, The 
Stars My iXstination, Van Vogt, SLAN, Dick. The Man in the High Castle, Delany, Bahtl-
I 7, Russ, The Adwnturts of Alyx, LeGuin, The Ltft Hand of God, Wolfe, The ~h HOUSI: of 
Cerberus, Calvino, The 'nYisiblt Cities. 

• ~ne r1Can 
litlEn 1200 
WdJiam ~'s pomy 
Lee A MWF 3:00-3:5 
InstnlCtor: Fred Rand 

F -~} I 
- II II J til Itl 

0 Un p cc~236 -=/. d -
\--- 1. 

~""hlored in thft!e PfiCf tal 
e ' ~J\and,~~ 
ry r~ . 0 eo lft! 
ue 

William Blake's poetry 
context of Blake's illust 
the other; the litera 
incorporated, the inn 
debates about politiCS 

contexts: the self-created 
matic way of thinking, on 
beUed against, and yet 
er human context of the 
nch Revolution a ;;. ioned t.t 

LitiEn I .... 
yJisJ NOIIa , Ninttufllh Century En 

Lec A MWF 11:00-1 
Instructor: Ronald Be 

1:,,: ~_ U.JU cc,~,,,. 

=--. 

.I. 

... 

=== 

f~ 

J 

Children and young 
Charles Dickens and 

ad fS-tn-th ~ ( rlier 19t T the works of Jane Austen , 
\I. 

litiEn 158 

Pt 
Modm! American liter 
Lec A TTh 1:00-2:20 
Instructor: Jack Behar 

_.-
. . 

-'"J . 

f- I ; l 
) IOJ cc ~ -

- 1 ~. 
__ 111 
-J 

) 
We'll be reading i.~I~~igH~~§~!!!~~L~ilerature a good piece of Frost , Williams, EliOl. Faulkner, Fitzgerald , and 
Hemingway. The (if special character it 
had) as well as the d writers will be explored. 
Papers, quizzes, ex.unlJ~~~~Lll 

Lit/ En 159 

A survey of American ~~llii~~~~~i~n~1945 and the present. We will read: The Naked Rye (Salinger), The Natural 
(Malamud ), Rabbit (Banh), Cat's Cradle 
(Vonne2\lt), Deliverance (Theroux), and The Purple 
Decades (Wolfe). Also paper, a midterm , and a 
final exam. 

Ut!Wri 106 
TnansJ/ldOfl of UIimIry Texts: Frmdt to EJWtsII 
Scm A TTh 1:00·2:20 TEH 702 cc6480 
Inscructor: P.tticia T cny 

A workshop in the rechniques of literary translation. The texts will repft!sentdiffeft!nt 
types of prose from the plain narrative style of Camus to the prose poems of Michaux. 
There will be some Study of published translations, but students will translate a shon 
passage each week. A good reading knowledge of French is reqUired. Conducted in 
English. 

Winter Quarter Course Descriptions Available at TCHB 110. 

. , 

Monday,Jan. 7, J985 13 
NE~ 

t. < •• (. . ~~.' ~ •• ." / ~ • " ~ .N ~ N~, .... /, "~~,, ~ .::rn:l.' •• / ..... 

Weather 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 " 
patterns lie partially in sea surface 
temperature patterns over the North 
PaCific and North AtlantiC." 

"The extreme cold air outbreaks into 
the eastern third of the country typical 
of last winter seem less likely this 
winter," Cayan said. "In the eastern 
tropical Pacific Ocean we have seen 
cooler than normal surface temperatures 
this summer and fall, in contrast to the 
extremely warm equatorial El Nino 
condition of 1982-83. 

"The forecast cans for some vigorous 
cold air soubft!aks into the far western 
ponions of the country as winrer storms 
m&ke their way eastward from the 
Pacific through the Rockies and the 
Gft!at Plains. Such storms have already 
blanketed the western Rockies with 
snow, helping to chill overlying air 
masses," Namias said . 

Namias and his research group have 
predicted much of the unusual weather 
experienced in the United States in 
recent years . These forecasts are 
experimental and are an integral part of 
a continuing research program on both 
regional and global climate sponsored 
by the National Oceanic and 
AtmospheriC Administration (NOM) 
and the National Science Foundation. 

The Oimate Research group at 
Scripps Institution is an experimental 
Climate Forecasts Center, funded by 
NOM's National Climare Program 
Office. The center conducts basic 
research of the climate and generates 
experimental forecasts each seasonal 
quarter with the goal of improving the 
understanding of how certain aspects of 
the climare system work, and not simply 
to make predictions for their own sake. 

Donkey 
( COrmNUED FROM PAGE 3 \, 
donkey during her month In quarantine. 
Dourine is a veneral disease but Sonene 
had never been sexually exposed, and 
piroplasmOSIS has not been reported in 
France for 25 years. After several trials 
of each test, the animal was finally 
cleared by the USDA. 

"I think the value in this , even though 
it's been a nightmare for those of us 
involved, is that it's been a real eye-
opener for the public . It shows that you 
can't be a bureaucracy when 
professional judgment is needed ," 
Vanderlip said. 

The Vanderlips take care of UCSD's 
animal collections and, ironicaDy, have 
occasionaUy worked with the USDA. 

Sharon Vanderlip said that since 
$(mette's plight gained public attention, 
she has received a deluge of contacts 
from people with similar, but less 
fortunate stories about healthy animals 
that have been destroyed because of 
discrepancies in testing p rocedures. An 
example was a story about a dozen 
penguins imported from the Arctic that 
were tested for Newscastles disease, a 
malady which wipes out whole flocks of 
birds, but is not known in Arctic 
regions. The test given was designed for 
chickens and when one of the 12 tested 
inconclUSively, the wh91e lot was killed . 

The Vanderlips, in cooperation with 
Werner Heusschele, a veteranarian from 
the San Diego Zoo, developed an 
alternate resting procedure for donkeys 
which they hope the USDA will adopt 
before they try to import Sonette's 
intended mate. 

The Pointou species suffered a heavy 
decline during both World Wars and 
continued to shrink as the popularity of 
tractors replaced the powerful mules 

which were offspring of the donkeys 
and a special breed of horse, according 
to Vanderlip. Sonette belonged to the 
last breeder of the donkeys. Talking the 
83-year-old French woman out of a pair 
of the animals Involved a close personal 
relationship developed over "years of 
sitting around the dinner table and 
Sipping a lot of cognac," Vanderhp said . 

If the USDA promises to change their 

testing procedure to accommodate 
donkeys, a Poitou male will be imported 
and put in a high production embryo 
transplant breeding program, which 
Vanderlip hopes will help repopulate 
the species. 

When official word comes from the 
USDA, the shaggy French donkey will 
be moved from the Zoo hospital to the 
Children 's Zoo. ~ 

...---Take Two 
This is the stress test we ran in the last issue or the Guardian last quarter. And 

we blew it. It was indeed a stressful test, especially to those or us in the 
Guardian office at the time the error was noticed. We apologize to those of you 
who rushed to the emergency room at Scripps after determining that, by not 
adding salt to your food and not smoking cigaft!ttes and not having difficulty 
sleeping, you were in danger or blowing up. We trust that the vast majority of 
you simply realized that we got our ratings scale backwards. Here's the test 
once again , corrections made. 

The Stress Test 
...... _ .. 011 ..... _~_ ...... Thr 

No-Dar ........... .,..., ........ "-, ...... 
1lIc~""'" .... iJI « ...... sinu lui T .,.,~IDaS,.. .. _""'" 
,....... I.·f-'· 
............ }IIN..., ..... tIw}tl&wlltc 
--- .... ---_ ........... 
.. dial .. II * ....... 1IIions ID I« ""'" 
.... 1(r • ...., ... "'JfN 
111.,.7.910 
::Sr ~c-. ;>:t ~~ 

1.I ...... .,fDod. 
~I ... ...... 3.1 ... _._ ............ .,. 
4. 1 ................. _ ... .,. 
' . 1 • ...., .......... .-cIIIpo ........ ... 
..... 

l~p __ ... ......... 

7. t_ .. *--.. .... _ 
.. I.., .... ., ..... 
9. 1 ......... ..,.... I ' IO.~~ ...-- .......... 
-
11. 1I11III 11 ........ ...- ............ 1 .... 
.... 

1~1 .......... ---.1 ........ 
..... 1 ........ ... 
13.1 ...... .,. ........... _ .......... 

1 • . 1 ... .....,...... -
15. 1 .... ., __ ... cIooo-s. _ co-
-. .. 
Ill .............. ......... 
17. _1 ... _ ................ ...." ... 

~,~ ..,., .. -w....,. _ OJ c.. 
;:~~~ .............. 
:III . .., .... ..,. ....... 

7 , d 
,. III ... tile ~ tile IC(ft 1M beIIer. A 

IC(ft 01110 or ~ -)IOU - ~ 
.... _ID,-- __ A IC(ft 01110 
ID loll ..-.:. .... _ _ PUN. In 'fO'II 
~ ~ 100 -)IOU _In -. and 
acdaa ..... be ... ~!wIy. 

Attend a UC Summer 
Session at Cambrid e 
University -Eng Ian 

July 7 - August 17, 1985 
Next summer you can attend the ninth 
annual fully-accredited University of Cali-
fornia Summer Session at Pembrolce Col-
lege, Cambridge University, Courses 
emphasize British and European art and 
architecture. literature. history. and polit-
ical and social issues, Faculty is composed 
of outstanding lecturers at Cambridge. 

Special features of 
the Summer 
Session include: 
Residence at 6(X).year old Pembroke Col-
lege in comfortable rooms which have 
hoUled many generations of British 
schoWs. 
Weekday meals provided in coli. din-
ing halla, 
Enrollment in two 4-unit COUI'\IeS which 
take full advantage of the English location 
through field trips to rdated places and 
events. 
Weekend tours to London. Stratford-on-
Avon, and other English cities for sight-
seeing and theatre. Visits to castles. 
cathedrals, stately mansions. and 
museums. 

Representative comments of students 
who have attended in previous years: 
"Prooided a unique growing experience t/uu 
mere words can't possibly express." 

~ 'lc was,definitely the best thing I've aler done 
through the V.c." 
"A massive accumulation of English culcwe 
and history." 
"A great combination of social, academic, 
and culnnal experiences. I enj<ryed m~elf 
immensely, It 
"Cambridge offered herself to me in a most 
/riendb ~ in Pembroke College ar in town, 
through all of the pmpIe , ma, through all of 
the beautiful culruTal activities offertd. " 
'" naoer I'I'Iel friendlier peotk in nry life." 

Enrollment is limited. Open o nly to stu-
dents in good standing at the University 
of California. You are urged to act 
promptly by phoning the UC Irvine 
Summer Sessions Office or sending in t~e 
coupon. 
Summer Sessions 
U nivenity of California 
P.O. Boll AZ 
Irvine. C. 92716 
Phone: (714) 856-5493 

r·-·-··-·---··----·-------------···-----·~ 
Please send me additional information 
and application forms for the UCI Sum-
mer Session at Cambridge University. 

~mt ________________________ __ 

ScfHt Addrao ___________________ _ 

ell)' _____ _ Sate ______ Zip __ 

~----------------------------------------j 



I 14 Monday, Jail 7, 1985 Monday,Jan 7, 1985 1.5 
.. 

, • .. '. x ,~~. ~-.;~~~ 

UC CRAFI'S CENTER INSTRUCtIONAL STUDIO FAC" ·l'tlES , 
- ----------------~----

~ -

• 

CE ICS 
PHOTO HY 
STAINED G S 

~TER COLOR · 
, 

SILK SC EN GUll 

BATIK D 
J LRY 

\liNG 
NG 

ING 

IR .. IR'85 

GIST rlON 
EK: January 7 11 · 



16 Monday, Jan . 7, 1985 

We deliver 
By BRUCE BURNS 

OUR PATIENT STANK. Although she was 80 years old and had several things wrong with 
her, 1 felt what she needed most was a 
bath . County Hospital was slow as usual 
at taking care of our patient and 
Derrick's and my empty stomachs were 
nauseated by the stench. Down the hall 
a panent screamed. Our patient rolled 
over and vomited on me in answer. 1 
looked down at my newly stained 
Jumpsuit-they had come back into 
fashIOn since the movie Ghostbusters. I 
looked up at Derrick who was beginning 
to smile and tried to remember why I 
was working ambulance in Stockton in 
the first place. Then I remembered I was 

-----------~-i~ ml , 
.;AlI. 

pre-med and should be enjoying this 
wonderi'ul chance at patient contact. 
Besides, It sure beat wrinng a 
Humanities paper. 

In twO short weeks Chnstmas vacanon 
would end and I would be retuming to 
UCSD. Paradise lost, I thought. Then I 
remembered I would be returning EO my 
second quarter of Chern 141 , and a 
feeling of dread fell over me. Just then 
the nurse walked in . 

"And how are we today)" she asked 
from a safe distance as she picked up a 
thermometer and shook it down . 

"Clean and happy," replied Derrick 
smiling. "Clean" was a term Derrick had 
brought out of high school with him. It 
meant "awesome" to some locals. I 
smiled at hiS attempt at a pun Rookies 
never know when not to push. 

"ThiS IS Lana," I said to the nurse. 
"Lana IS 80 years old and has had 
general weakness for five days ThiS may 
be due to her not eating for 14 Lana is 
on an alcohol-only diet." 

"Okay, fi ne," replied the nurse , 
stlckmg the thermometer in Lana's dry 
and op'!n mouth . "Close your mouth 
please," said the nurse , as Lana lay with 
her mouth snll wide open . 

"Oh, by the way, Lana only speaks 
German," I said , cleaning my jumpsuit 
off at the sink. 

"Why hasn 't she learned to speak the 
language)" asked the nurse, pUlling the 
thermometer in at the other end. 

"She hasn't needed to ," I replied . "She 
has been a housewife for all her life and 
her husband has taken care of things." 

"Well, didn't you think to bring him 
along to translate?" said the nurse , 
putting her hands on her hips and 
glaring accusingly at me. 

"He died 15 days ago," I replied, 
beginning to wheel the gurney out. 
Derrick had already left to c.. v the 
paperwork since he was paden! man 
today. I was driver whtch meant 
cleaning the gurney was my 
responSibility. 

"How did you fmd thiS Out)" asked 
the nurse. 

"ReVel~e fa Ign language 
requlrem ,. replted as I passed 
through e doorway 

What)" replted the nurse from the 

room. 

"Never mind!" I shouted back. I did 
not feel like explaining. We had tied up 
our ambulance for nearly 20 minutes 
already and besides, I was hungry and 
wanted to get some dinner before our 
next call. It was ten o'clock and soon aD 
the good eating places would be closed . 
I hurried to clean and make the gurney 
and then threw it in the back of our ng. 

Derrick jumped in and I picked up 
the radio. "Stockton Fire, Delta 2 is 
AOR" 

"10-4 Delta 2" came back a clear firm 
voice. We caUed him "Hollywood Harry" 
since his voice sounded JUSt like the 
dispatchers on TV shows like "Police 
Story." 

"Control 2, Delta 2 is AOR and in 
route for a code 7," I said after I had 
changed channels. Code 7 meant food 
and we were supposed to ask 
permission but if I PUt it this way our 
dispatcher was stuck in granting it since 
10-4 meant "yes" as weD as "message 
received." A perfect Catch.22. 

"10-4 Delta 2, KXV 466 2103," came 
our reply. 

·Where should we eat?" I asked 
Derrick as we pulled ontO Interstate 

_---,,---r---_ 
a- , .r 

.~ 

Five. It was custom for the newer 
person to pick 

"The Graduate," Derrick replied . It 
was a place two blocks from where he 
lived and he knew everyone who 
worked there and went to school With 
all the customers when he was younger. 
DerrIck missed high school. Perhaps 
that explained why hiS girlfriend was 15 
years old . 

I didn't mind. It served good pizza 
and I was hungry Still, It seemed that 
every time we ordered a pizza we got a 
caU However, I'm not superstitlous and 
therefore kepl my thoughts to myself. I 
looked up in the sky. I saw a beautiful 
fuU moon. "Another busy night," I 
thought to myself. 

We arrived at the Graduate . Derrick 
spent ten minutes saymg hello to 
everyone in the poolroom while I went 
and ordered the pizza. 

"What would you like to drink?" 
asked the girl after she got the pizza to 
us. 

"A pitcher of beer," replied Derrick. 
"Yeah , a pitcher of rOOt beer will do 

us clean," I said, smiling at Derrick. I 
had finally gotten him back. 

The girl brought the root beer and I 
burnt my fingers trying to coax the first 
piece out of the box. We waited a few 
minutes as the pizza cooled to a perfect 
eating temperature. Then came the 
mevitable call 

"Delta 2," the VOice of our beloved 
dispatcher echoed through the pizza 
parlor anH :Iii of Demck's friends lumed 
to look. 

"It 's not fair. ' I sobbed . 
"Delta 2, gal" rcphed Dernck as he 

picked up hIS portable 1 checked my 
scannn (. ~ee why we hadn't gotten a 

warning. It was off. No wonder it had 
been such a quiet night. 

"Delta 2 copy code fire caD to 
Mathews and 1-5 for an auto versus 
auto: our dispatcher said in his cool 
clear voice. He never got excited. 

"She is too young to die. We are 
taking her with us ," I said as I grabbed 
lhe pizza and closed the box. Derrick 
agreed and wanted to take the root beer 
along too, but 1 felt it might be 
hazardous having aD that liqUid near our 
hght console and our radio as we drove 
through the stoplights. 

We ran out to our ambulance with 
the pizza and Derrick didn't even say 
hello to some girls he knew in the 
parking lot. I climbed into the 
ambulance and turned over the engine. 
It started with a roar. Our boss, Joe, is 
an exceUent mechanic as weD as being 
an EMT. I turned on the lights and 
sirens and puDed out as Derrick waved 
back at the girls . 

Derrick had already started on the 
pizza. He stuffed an entire piece in his 
mouth since he knew we had to finish 
it and hide the box before we gOt to the 
scene. Patients don't feel very 
comfortable when their ambulance 
smells like a Straw Hat Pizza Delivery 
van. It was at this point he realized his 
mistake. He had to caD in and teD them 
we were in route since I had my hands 
busy with the driving. 

"Sowwee Bwuuuce, he said , handing 
me the radio transmitte r. Some of the 
pizza feU out of his mouth as he said 
this and we both laughed . 

"Stockton Fire, Delta 2 in route," I 
said just before Derrick managed to shove 
a piece of pizza into and on my face. 

"10-4 Delta 2: came our reply. I 

- ----~-rr. p .. Il:.. 
.;AlI .. 

swallowed hard. 
"Control 2 Delta 2 is in route," I said 

trying not to cough. The car in front of 
me jammed on its brakes. I swerved into 
the oncoming traffic to avoid it. As I 
swerved back our pizza built up enough 
centripetal force to launch it from our 
window. To this day, I swear I don't 
kno,>\, where it landed. 

We swung onto 1-5 and opened her 
up. Our modular rig could only do 75 at 
beSt. I looked with embarrassment as a 
pickup truck passed us. 

"Delta 2, you are AOR dry run per 
Fire," our radio' boomed through the 
cab. We acknowledged. Our call had 
been canceDed and we mou\11ed over 
our pizza as we returned to quarters in 
lhe downtown area. 

We pulled off the freeway olTramp 
and Derrick counted the hookers 
working (he street comer by our south 
stallon. 

"Six," said Demck smiling, "and 
would }'OU look at those twO tall ones." 

"They are guys," I 5.\ld backlOg the Tlg 
IOto our dnveway. Dcmck looked clo er 
and rcm.lInrd Silent for at least ren 

mlOute~ I WilS sh,tken up 100 when I 
first found out 

We turned in after watching the Tonight 
Show and got to sleep a few hours. 

The phone rang. I looked at my 
watch. It was 3:30. I picked it up. 
"Yeah ," I said, trying to open my eyes. 

"Zone 2 Code 3 CHP caD to Turnpike 
and Ninth," our dispatcher said in 
under one second. 

We had 60 seconds to go in route. I turn-
ed 0!l .the lights to wake Derrick. UsuaDy 
you Just throw his boots at him but 1 was 
feeling kind at the moment. I ran out, 
starred the engine and finished dressing. 
Derrick got out just as we went in route. 

"Delta 2 in route , nature of caU 
please." I liked to know why I was Out 
of bed at four in the morning. 

"CHP is unsure , but they have a 
report of an obvious death ," said our 
dispatcher cheerfuUy. I was not so 
happy about the prospect. I wanted to 
get back to sleep that night and, depend-
ing on how eruesome this call was, I might 
not sleep for the rest of the night. 

As we arrived at the scene I noticed 
that the entire police force seemed to be 
there with its lights glowing. I drove 
through a barrier of flares and put out 
one. I hoped that the new tires weren't 
damaged; they cost $70 apiece. 

I parked the ambulance and stared at 
the panorama of destruction in front of 
me. A car had managed to take out twO 
power poles and a street Iighl. What 
was left of the car was in the center of 
the road. I could not see through the 
broken glass of the car window and 
leaving the trauma box behind , I gOt out 
and Walked slowly towards the wreck. 

As I got closer I noticed that the 
passenger seat of what used to be a 
Trans Am was in the smashed part of 
what used to be the trunk. I walked to 
the driver's side as two policemen 
followed . Derrick was gening out the 
eqUipment. I looked thTQIJgh the crack and 
saw the body. I opened the car door. 

A man around 25 years old was 
sitting behind the car wheel first turning 
it left, and then right. He was driving or 
at least thought he stiD was. His 
pinpoint pupils also indicated that he 
could be [lying high instead. A police 
sergeant came up behind me. 

"Nice time for a Sunday dnve, en?" 
satd the sergeant. 

,.- '-

I examined our patient. He had no 
apparent injuries and seemed to be on a 
substantial amount of PCP. So much for 
our "obvious death ," 

"PuD to your right, stop your engine 
and step out of the car!" I said in a firm 
loud voice. Our patiem actuaDy 
cooperated and was able to stand on his 
own. We released him to the police 
since PCP overdoses are not the best 
caUs to bring in. 

We returned to quarters ul .d got to 
sleep for the rest of the night In the 
morning I was onvinced I had JUS! had a 
beld dream untll Derrr k brought me out to 
look at the damage we had done to the new 
mes by running over the flJres. Ii] 

Air Force 1, UCSD 0 
By EDWARD ISRAEL 

I 'LL NEVER FORGET the look on the phOtographers' faces, watching me as I chased a lens down a 
runway one day on a presidential visit. 

I had done it again, I had sweet-
talked my way into another shool. The 
President of the United States of 
America , probably the most powerful 
man on the planet, would be in front of 
my lens. 

Soon after learning of the Reagan 
. visit, I went to the hotel where the 
advance set-up team was and walked up 
to the front desk. The clerk gave me the 
room number and upon arriving at the 
suite, a woman asked if she could be of 
any assistance. I told her I needed a 
pass in order to phOtograph the 
president. 

As I waited for the media assistant to 
see me, I looked through the floor to 
ceiling expanse of window to a 
magnificent view spanning from the 
airport to the navy dockyards. The suite 
was set up like an office but with one 
difference. A microcomputer sat on a 
dinner table and a secretary in front of 
her typewriter. Posted on the waJls were 

r lots of papers displaying important 
phone numbers and half of the staff was 
in front of the television-the Raiders 
were winning a footbaD game. 

While I looked around, I began 
reminding myself of certain things: Be 
persistent, make like you do this type of 
thing aD of the time and above aD, be 
polite. 

"HeDo, pleased to meet you. I'm 
Edward Israel. I was told you are the 
person handling the press." 

"Yes." 
"I need a pass for the visit tomorrow." 

"Oh, those were given out yesterday, 
with secret service clearance, we don't 
give any after that: she said. 

"You don't?" 
DisappOinted but not undaunted, I 

persisted. 
"WeD, we are only a student 

newspaper and we sometimes get your 
press releases late." 

That wasn't true, I had not been 
assigned to the story. That morning, I 

The DEPARrMENT OF POUfiCAL SCIENCE 
annotmCe5 a pubJlc lecture by 

The Honorable Bantey Frank (Dan •• Ma •• ) 
<Re8Gts I..ec:t&nr) 

on 
CONGRESS AND CONSEQUENCES 

Thursday. January 10 
4pm 

APM 2113 

"Barney Frank may very well haw the deadliest wit in 
Conaress ..... and is one d those natural poJitldans who has an 
instinct for an Issue and knows hOY.' to Qet things done." 

The DEPARrMENT OF POImCALSCIENCE 
would like to caB your attention to the foIIowtnQ courses which are 
beIna ofered for the WInter Quarter. 1985. 
Pol ScI 14 

Pol ScI 20 

Pol ScI 164A 
ISIPA 176 

Pol ScI 221 

Palik ... the '11IIId WodII Poor 
ru nI, 10:00-11:20. HSS 1128 
Professor A CratQ 
Ir.i ..... and SocIe1r: 1he PNbIem olNudearWar 
MWF. 2:00-2:50. PH 104 . 
Profrssor S. J", 
1he ~I EcaaIOlllY 01 AIDatam ....... 
MWF, 11:00-11:50. USB 3020 
Professor J. McndeIoI' 
0.." ... II e 1111:, PalIk., and the 
SIatIID W •• alm Europe 
OPEN ro QUALIFIED JUNIOR AND SENIORS 
1M. 2:30-5-20. P&L 1320 
Professor H. Bnmarm 

had read in the newspaper that Reagan 
would be in town and only then caDed 
the advance team. 

"You know, we have a large student 
body at UCSD, 15,000. At least 10,000 
will vote. 

Only then did she put me on the 
press list and added, "You know we 
don't usuaDy do this, but since you are a 
student, it's OK." 

I shook her hand and thanked 

UCSD Theatre presents 

A Play by Jerome Kilty 
Staning 

Norman Welsh and 
Mary Corrigan 

Friday, January J J 
Saturday, January 12 

8pm 
$4.00 

MANDEVILLE 
RECIT AL HALL 

452 -4574 

everyone twice for helping me. I was 
happy. On the way home, I stopped to 
buy film with my emergency traveller's 
cheque, the one I keep tucked away in 
between my driver's license and birth 
cenificate. Back home, I meticulously 
cleaned cameras and recharged 
batteries. Later that evening, I went to 
pick up my pass. 

The press credential was about the 
size of a recipe card and orange with 
black writing. The biggest leners speUed 
out "PRESS" along one side. It read 
"Visit of the President to San Diego, 
California" and typed on it was my 
name and affiliate. The pass had a 
round hole with a string through it to 
put around my neck. 

The following day, I awoke 
tachicardic. With breakfast, the 
newspaper told me that the Raiders had 
indeed won their game. The press pass 
was on the night table. Still in bed, I 
took it and read it over and over again. 
I checked my equipmem and unplugged 
the rechargeables. 

The statement to the media indicated 
Air Force One would touch down at two 
in the afternoon . I arrived at one to talk 
to other photographers for awhile . 

Inside the PSA hangar was a fluid 
mass of people . At the emrance, secret 
servicemen checked incoming people at 
a walk-through metal detector. After one 
stepped through the detector, another 
man would ask you to spread-eagle and 
wave an electric wand around your 
body. Two men went through my bag 
after I had passed the personal test; they 
handled everything, sparing nothing 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 20 > 

.~ I 

Dear Liar 
Tickets aooilable at Weiss Cencer Ticket Office, Uni\ll.'fsiry ElJeJ\u Box Office 

and at Mandeville Recillll hall on nights of f>eTformana. 

THE PSYCHOLOGY DEPARTMENT 
IS OFFERING A NEW COURSE: 
Psychology 169: Human~mputer Interaction taught by Prof. 
D. Norman on Wednesdays from 3:QO..5:50. 
DESCRIPTION: Advanced topics in design of interfaces to 
computer systems. Topics include study of human activities, 
mental models, new directions in programming techniques (e.g., 
programming by direct manipulation) and application of 
cognitive psychology to design of computer systems. 
PREREQ.U1SITES: Psychology 105, 135, and programming 
experience. 
SIGN UP FOR THIS COURSE IN THE PSYCHOLOGY 
OmCE: Room 5217, Psychology &. Linguistics Building. 
THE PSYCHOLOGY DEPARTMENT has 'cancelled 
Psychology l<fO: Clinical Interview {Professor l. Bernstein). 



,'-

thQ wrifor's o n 

Vacation was good----yeah, pretty nice 
By PHIL lAUDER 

W E JUST HAD FOUR WEEK off from school. Hard to beheve , Isn't It? Four weeks 
seems like a long time ... unless it's fOllr 
weeks of vacation. Then it seems like 
abollt four hours. Time flies when there 
Isn 't a midtenn or final beating you 
upside the head, I guess. Actually, I 
think it's the nacure of the beast: 
Vacations whiz by at the speed of light, 
and before you know what's happened , 
they're gone . Just likc that. 

I guess we were supposed to use the 
time off to relax and get ready for 
another ll-week stint of schoolwork. I 
can handle the part about relaxing-it's 
the get-ready-for-school part that throws 
me. I can't do it, that's all. Four weeks 
should be enough time to get ready, I 
suppose, but four weeks, four months, 
four years, it's all the same; vacation is 
addictive, a habit-forming need for more 
and more. 

Whoever invented the vacation had 
one thing in mind: tantalizing us , giving 
us just that taste of freedom, leuing us 
know what it's like out there with no 
responsibility and no troubles and no 
cares and no 9 am midtenns. -See 
this-ain't this nice? You like it? You 
adore it? You want more? Too bad , 
fool-go back to school!" 

So back to school we go, where we 
see our friends and acquaintances for 
the first time in a month , and we go 
through the back-from-vacation routine. 
All over campus-even as we speak (or 
read or write or sit on the toilet, as the 
case may be)-students are asking 
fellow students if they had a nice break. 
"Yeah , it was good-yeah, pretty nice:' 
comes the reply, followed by a query 
about the other student's vacation , 
which was also good-yeah, pretty nice. 

Is there such thing as a va ation that 
isn't "good-yeah , pretty nicc"? 

Next we ask each other what we did 
over the break. ThiS IS a very Important 
questlon ; to reply With, "Uh, nothing 
really ," is to be looked upon with 
disdain. It's pretty much a sin to do 
nothing with or during your vaca tion; 
this is a dynamic, happening society, 
these are the "80s-one doesn't just sit 
home and do nothing. Well , this one 
does; I did absolutely nothing during my 
vacation, and I loved every minute of it. 
To hell with the '80s. 

If you also did nothing, but don 't care 
to admit it , the best thing to say is that 

"Oh, it was pretty good ," omes the 
answer. Gee , that's n1ce-1 think there 's 
still some leftovers from last night "We 
stayed at home and opened the 
presents and had a nice turkey dinner 
and got real fat. ... " You know, turkey 
sounds pretty good too- maybe a Lean 
Cuisme tonight. J'II eat the leftovers 
tomorrow. What was that? Oh, good , 
that sounds real nice. I'm glad you had 
a nice Christmas. Yawn. 

Both sides finish up talking about 
their holidays, and that pretty much 
wraps up the vacation conversation. 
After that we just sit back and admire 
everyone's nice new clothes. Maybe new 

minimum days or declare May 9 a 
sc hool holiday because it comes only 
once a year, and you'd end up with aU 
sons of time ofr. Thing is, you didn't 
really need time off back then, did you!? 
HeU no! Now is when you need it! And 
what do you get now? The proverbial 
shaft. 

Soon we'll sit back and think, "My, wasn't 
vacation nice! I'd give anything for just one of those 
four weeks right now!" But we won't get it. In fact, 
we won't get much of anything. 

We don't even get an Easter break in 
college. Sure, we get a spring break, but 
how long is that, huh? One entire week. 
We're talking about a break between one 
long school term and the next long 
school term. One week. Seven days-
maybe a couple more if you finish early 
during finals week. Pretty damn 
generous, if you ask me. You thought 
four weeks was short? Hah! Are we 
supposed to be able to completely forget 
about school and relax and then get 
ready to go back and have time to pay 
fees and buy books and mentally 
prepare for the next grueling quarter, an 
within one week? Wake up! 

A couple years ago the powers that be 
got generous and granted us twO weeks 
off-it wasn't heaven, but it sure beat 
having just a week olf. I think we had to 
lose a week from our Chrisanas break, 
which was somewhat initating bur 
certainly better than the altcmative-
which we seem to be sruck with now. 
Better yet, can't we just erase one week 
off the chasm known as summer 
vacation and use it when we need it the 
most, durin& spring break? Hey, a week 
break is really a weak break, if you ask 
me-and even if you don't So why can't 
we get two weeks off, huh? HUH? 

you went skiing, or went to Mexico, or 
at least went home ... as long as home 
is far away, like the Bay Area or 
something. To say that you went home 
when home is La Mesa is to say you did 
nothing, which ... well, we already got 
into that. 

After we've determined what each 
other has done over the past four 
weeks, we have to ask how each other's 
Christmases were. We have to; it's not 
like we have a choice. It isn't necessary 
to listen to the entire answer-as the 
response comes forth you can, like most 
of us, just stare back bla nkly and think 
about what's for dinner-but you do 
have (0 ask the question . So you do. 

haircuts, too. And that's about that. The 
vacation is over. 

Soon we'll be settled back into the 
grind, and the problem sets will be due 
and the three-to-five-page papers will be 
assigned and well sit back and think, 
"My, wasn't vacation nice! I'd give 
anything for just one of those four 
weeks right now!" 

But we won't get it. In fact, we won't 
get much of anything. Remember how 
we used to get all those days off back in 
elementary and high school? Like 
Veterans Day and Washington's 
Birthday and Columbus Day and all 
those other important-but-not-really 
days. And they'd also tbrow in a few 

I don't know, I jUst don't know. What 
I do know is that there are 152 days 
until summer vacation. And the 
countdown begins today. Welcome 
back. i3 

Interested in writing? 

.--.....-...WRITE FOR 
THE GUARDIAN 
Come to the new writers' 
meeting, Friday at 3 in 
the Guardian office (next 
to the Che Cafe, south-
east of Revelle) and find 
out how easy it is to get 
involved. 

--

It's never .too late 
until it's too late. 
Remember that. 

- - -

--

Monday, Jan. 7, 1985 19 

RECREAnON ACTIVITY SESSION SCHEDULE-WINTER '85 
''1be Campus Reaadon orpnIaed-QrOUp adtlvlty .... ons listed 
below are an ...... part 01 the total Phystcal Education 
Department otrertna of ac:ttvttla. 1hae .... ons focus primarily 
on expo .. or Introductlon and/or on continuance of a learned 
activity for pleaan In a arouP aettlntI. Consequently, they are Jed 

SPOUS Ir fITNESS 

by quaIIftcd activity leaders. Campus Recreation ~ 
recommends that ell,.. students enroll In the COUl'M taUQht by 
Phyak:aJ EducatIon supavtsora for In-depth knowledQe and 
UfetIme paspedlva of physical actIvtty. The JIatlni of PhysIcal 
Education courses Is paented In the quarterly UCSD Schedule of 
Oa .. .... 

CHILDDN' 5 
ClASSES Beginning Weight Training-Coed 

Beginning Weight Training for Women 
Intermediate Weight Training 
Beginning Ice Skating 

SWIMMING Fencing Soccer 
Breakdancing 
Ballet Gymnastics for Conditioning Trampoline 8: Tumbling 

Trimnastics 
Scuba 
Sports Health 
Splashaerobics 
Taoist Yoga 
Tai Chi Ch'uan 
Beginning Yoga 
Aikido 
Karate 
Tennis 
Tang Soo Do Karate 
Tennis Training for Competition 
Racquetball 
Squash 

DANCE 
Beginning Ballet 
Advanced Beginning Ballet 
Dance Improvisation 
Jazz Dance 
Ballroom Dance I 
Ballroom Dance IT 

Masters Analysis Oinic 
Adult 
Children 8: Teens 

SEIllNG SAIL 
Cruising Under Sail 
Celestial Navigation 

MI 
Modeling 
Shiatsu Massage 
Women's Self Defense 
Massage L. 
CPR 
CPR Retraining 
First Aid Multimedia 

earn",_ recreation 

./. 

Karate 
Beginning Ice Skating 
Gymnastics 
Advanced Beginning Tennis 
Racquetball, Beginning 

CONDmONlNG 
It AEROBICS 

NEW 
Trampoline at TumbJInQ, 

Trlmnutla. 
Sports Health. 
SpJaahaeroblcs, 

ModeJlnQ, 
Dance Improvisation, 

SaUlnQ, 
ChIldren'. FendnQ 

AI ICUIons be~ the week of Januaty 12. A complete Jtst 
IncIudIn8 daya. data. tImu and prIc:a can be found on .... 6 a 
1 of the CANYONVIEW new*ttet .. liable around campus 
0Ibnutu. Edna, etc) and at the OItce of Campus Reaeatlon. AI 
IIucIentt can ..... 1IoM at • dI8counacf price, 

WOIl<SBOPS 

SKIlUNE UP 
Swoosh! Learn how to properly wax. BIe 8t}Hex your skis to make than 
much easier to handle (and your equipment last much longer). llrne wID 
be spent c:1lscussinQ sid care 8t QaInInQ hands-on experience. AD 
necessary tools wID be provided. 

Sat lOam-2pm 2/2 $5 

CAWGRAPHY 
UsinQ caDigraphy wID make every letter more beautiful 8t ewry card mOR! 
special. This elementary class is desiQned to Introduce the nCNtce to the 
10015 8t tenns of caDigraphy 8t 10 the use of a broad nib pen. 

W 6-lOpm 2/6 $6 

TAX CLINIC 
With Aprill5thJust arotmd the comer, now is the time to PR!paR! your tax 
stralegy. Workshop wtn include an introductory lecture on how to 81e 
your income tax & use basic deductions, as weD as a questlon/answer 
period. 

W 6-1Opm 2127 $6 

PASTA MAXlNG 
LasaWle, fettudnt, 1InQuine, spaQhetti - make your ItaBan dishes ewn 
mOR! special with homemade pasta. Learn hOIN to use a pasta-makinQ 
machine 8t to make pasta by hand. Dlferent varieties of noodles - eiQ. 
spinach, etc. - wIB also be discussed, 

S lOam-2pm 312 $8 

A DAY AT: 
Mandel Weiss Presents .. , 
Spend a festive evening al UCSO's Mandel Weiss theater. Afruit 8t cheese 
social will precede the performance of one of this winter's line shows. 
Detalls wtn be available when the winter repertoire is annot.Ulced. 

Whale Watching 
Come & view CalIfornia gray whales up close as they make their way 
along the San Diego coast en route to Baja. Be PR!pared 10 get wet as you 
view these maQnilcent CR!atures, 

Su 9am-2pm 2/10 $7 

Ropes Course 
An action orienled HIGH! full of laughter, chaDenge 8t R!discovery of 
personal R!sources. A truly unique way 10 leam your Smits. Lunch & 
transportation'Nill be provided. 

S 8:3Oam-4:3Opm 3/9 $55 



./ 

ea.,s 

u C Hili'EeiEEE SAN Feel,eM'ee OJ EGO 
INrrERNATIONAl 

fILfv~ERIES 
1 · 9 · 8 · 5 

T pr~s~nt~J by U SO U niw rsi ty Ev~nts Office HIS y<:a r the UC San Diqo Inte rnational Film Series 
proudly pres<:nts SIX fmc films fro m France, japan, Brazil , Russia and 
the Uni ted States. Scn'enln~s w lll mcludc fo ur San Diego premieres, a 
great American ftlm·nOlr claSSIC, and at least o nt' hnnus Sneak Prcv it'w. 

---January 15: San Diego Premiere ---
LEBAL 

1<,)83 Fran .... !! By Ertor!! .:olt.!. 
112 minutes. 

L: Bal--Iast \,t'ar's Acadt'my A", ard nomlncc for Best F rlcKn Film , IS 
a wu nderfully perc"rnw wmedy of manners tha t chromeit's the 
dramatic cha nges In pohtllal power, SOCial behaVIOr and fashion , from 
the 1930's to the prt'sent. wlthllut ever lea v'"" tht' In tenor o f an 
CX4UlSltC A rt Deco ballroom 

"Urlerly caPt ll'tllln;: ... Likely w haw clu J , C'TICCS Jan"n;: '" the als IL·s . " 
Kathle"n Carroll , . Y. Dwly Nt!W5 

-------January 22 -------
IN A LONELY PLACE 

t 9 5 0 . Unired SUl~S. By N i.:holLIs Ray. 
W irh Humphrey Bogart 

and Gloria. Grahame. 96 min. 
In a Londy Pl<>.:t', is a p0werful and di sturbi ng portrait of an 

embich:rt'd screenwrite r whose uncontrollable rage leaves him in a state 
of such ter rible isolat ion, that by the time he's been cleared of murder 
it's no vindicat ion at all. 

" (Ray's theme) that C ...... 'T'j relatIOnship es tablishes its own moral code 
(shows) llu.'Te IS nc such thin;: alUbscra.:t morailry ... an inJlSputal>lerecorJof 
a w ry personal anguISh ." 

Andr~w Sarris, The Aml'Tl.:an Cml""'" 
---January 29: San Diego Premiere ---
THEY DON'T WEAR BLACK TIE 

198 1. Brazil. By Leon Hirszman. 
120 minutes. 

O nt' of the most acclaimed and important fil ms of the rt"C"nt new 
wave in Brazilian cine ma, They Don 't W~ar Bla.:k Ti~, is an intimat t' 
portrai t of the industr ial Brazil of t he 1980's. Followin g th~ life of a 
Sao Paolo fa m ily whose life is torn apart by the out break of a vio len t 
factory str ike, the (i lm explores the con fl ict that arISes between the 
unionist fa ther , his co nse rvative son, and the son's fi ancee. 

" An arremeiy Rood ft/m ... mon/! , extTL'ffit!ly motJln,l(, beauti fully Ji rc!CteJ 
and ac[ed." 

Vincent Canby, New York Times 

-------February 5 -------
AN UNFINISHED PIECE 

FOR PLAYER PIANO 
1977. USSR. By Ntk[[(j M ,khallwtJ. 

100 minutes 
Loosely based on Plawnw--Chekhov's firs t full -len gth play , 

UnfinIshed Piece for Player Prano co vers the intr icate , interlockinl! 
eVt'nts of a warm summer day o n a country estat ... . It 's a bi ttersweet, 
humorous tapestry of h uman folly and lost d reams. 

" A small mtrad e ... rcmfOTc·es (MlkhaIIwOl's) place as a )'oun,l( RUSSIan 
masu. ...... An asronuhin/! example of l"Tw cillt! adap tat ion." 

David Ansen, N,'Wswcek 

---February 12: San Diego Premiere---
LE CRABE T AMBOVR 

' 977. France. By Pierre SdlDendoerffer. 
Cinematography by Raoul Couwrd. 

Le Crabe Tambour is an enormo usly romantic fi lm about war and 
hono r and empire. A complex fil m whose sensibi lities are firmly 
rooted in the 19th century, and which owes mo re than a little to j oseph 
Conrad, it's a a series of tales about an enigmatic Frt'nch naval officer 
(Crabe T am bour ) who served in Indochina in the 1950's, as he's 
remembered by three fe llo w officers in the 1970 's. 

Spellblrldin/! ... a visual sweep and ma}Csly ... thc must brealhwkin;: ly 
L"tJOCatillt! (photography) I'w ever seen in a mo tion picture." 

Vinc ... nt Canby , Nl'W York Times 
--- February 19: San Diego Premiere 

THE FAMILY GAME 
lC)84. Japan. By Yoshimitsu Moriw. 

107 minutes. 
The FamIly Game is a wickedly funny comedy about japan 's 

comparatively affluent, co mpletely di rectionless new middle class . 
From first shot to last , it 's a visua l adventure--asucc ... ssion ofbnlliantly 
colo red compositions satirizinK the worst aspects of japan 's econom ic 
modernism . 

" The Family Game is so rll:h thar Mr. Mori[(j ulQUIJ SC(.'ffi co be (Inc of Ihc 
most talented and orij!lrIal of Japan 's new j!L'IU."I'al lOn of blmmak....s. " 

Vincent Canby, Nl'l4' York T,mcs 

---------------Ticke, prices: 
. eries $20,00, .in,le G,A. $5,00, • ..den, $3,00 

All film. will be 3 5mm print •• hown in their orilinal 
lanllUaae with Enali.h .ubtitlea. 

Screeninp will be at 7:30 p ,m , o n Tuelday n ilhlt in 
Ma ndev ille Auditor ium. 

Tickeu '" UCSD .8OJI: Office or Tickecron: -452-4559 

( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 17( 
from their meticulous examination. Lens 
caps were removed and lenses looked 
through. Batteries were checked 
mdlvidually and film canniste rs opened. 

The secret service men all looked the 
same: They were either blind and trying 
[0 imlla te Stevie Wonder or had very 
senSitive eyes because they all wore 
sunglasses. Each had an unmistakably fit 
physique , no beer belly, and wore a 
blue, three piece suit with a little beige 
wire running up his neck and 
terminating in an earphone firmly 
plugged into his right ear. 

Surprisingly, they were friendly when 
checking me over. They didn't 
exemplify the stoic, stone-faced 
recalciuam men frequengy seen 
standing near the president One of 
them joked about having moved my 
apertUres around so that my photos 
would not tum out. Another wondered 
how anybody could possibly know what 
everything did on the camera and went 
on to tell me he had a complicated 
camera but changed it for an autO-
everything model. 

Inside the PSA hangar, stewardesses 
continually replenished rapidly 
consumed airplane food from a table set 
for lunch. Insening paper into the 
carriages, writers readied their portable 
typewriters, photographers set up heavy , 
tripods and checked exposure. Everyone 
was anxious for the plane to arrive. An 
Associated Press photographer hoped 
"he'd [Reaganl pick his nose or 
something," for an interesting photo. 

A long line of police motorcycles 
parked in an amazingly straight row 
awaited the arrival and guarded the area 
as Iimosines began to arrive. The 
Iimosine Reagan was to ride in had a 
blue and white license plate with the 
design of the capitol building on it. Its 
glass was tinted and thick and difficult 
to see through. The rires were funny 
looking, knobby with thick tread, 
obviously bullet proof. 

The travelling press arrived first; four 
Greyhound busses full of them. Writers , 
cameramen, gaffers, Sam Donaldsons, in 
shorr, the eyes of the world. Suddenly, a 
photographer with a long lens spotted 
the plane and shouted "Here he comes'" 
Quickly, everyone scurried into their 
positions and readied for touchdown. 

Down came the airplane I had seen 

so many times before on television and 
in pictures. After it had landed , it taxied 
towards the press reception area, the 
front d oor stopping directly in front of 
my tripod and lens. Air Force One was 
the cleanest plane I had ever seen in my 
bfe and the preSidential seal was 
emblazoned everywhere, even on the 
engines. 

Out came the president; motor drives 
whirred , shutters clicked, and video 
cameras rolled silently. Down the steps 
went Reagan, waving every step of the 
way. As I followed him thro~h my 
camera, it seemed as if I really wasn't 
then:. It appeared as if I was watching 
the six o'clock newscast, but I was 
standing right in front of him. Suddenly, 
they were gone. The entourage got into 
brand new Lincoln Continentals for the 
trip to the speech site. 

While I waited at the airpon for them 
to return, I ate sandwiches, conversed 
with the press and became increasingly 
aware of how forrunate I had been. I 
began to praise the reliability of my 
father's car for getting me there and the 
fact that my father was out of rown in 
the first place. I silently thanked the 
electric company for not having a power 
failure during the night while my 
batteries were being recharged and 
thanked my guts for trying the whole 
thing to begin with. 

When the president and aU of his 
men returned to the airplane, I shot two 
more rolls . 

- Everyone was in, the door closed and 
the plane began to tum around. The 
photographers and cameramen starred 
to put away their eqUipment quickly. 
They replaced lens caps, closed their 
camera bags and took down tripods. I 
thought they must have other 
assignme nts to go to, but I didn't, so I 
took my time. I wanted to talk a little 
more, to look at the other 
photographers' equipment but didn't 
have a chance. 

Air Force One accelerated for takeoff. 
The wind it created was hke a 
hurricane; my tripod was blown over, it 
blew sand into my lenses and my 
telephoto was sent rolling down the 
runway. 

111 never forget tlfe look on the 
photographers' faces, watching me as I 
chased a lens down a runway one day 
on a presidential visit. ~ 

7140 MIRAMAR RD., SAN DIEGO ONLY! 

IN1'EN)tSCIPUNAAY SlUDID PROGMM JOHN MUll' \o~I.&£'~ 
PN5EN151H1S VMEP. 

THE UNDE~1t SEMlNAAS ON CON'I'EMPORAAY ISSUES 
eooe.mpora.y I.,.. 2. Setr*Ior C 
AGING INTO THE 21. CENnMY 
InshUCtOr: IIay It ConigaI .. Drama Dept. 
InrrodJctory 0\IeMeW d iIIue5 In o6..Ilr dewlopmenr 
and aging. Srruc:nnd to ptcMc:» I~ Into ~ 
disciplinary noMe ot gerontology. Emphasis on 
5OdoIogkDI, bioi0gicai, cuIfUIQI and mo56 medlo ospem 
of aging. 
Srvdenrs should be able to reta. me coors. oonrent to 
meIrONnllve5anddewlop~and~ 
of their 0Nn aging proc:e5l and Its ImpIIcctIon5 for Ihei' 
personal funxe. 
The coors. will explore ~ nreorypes, 
prejudices, biOSM, teas, anlCleri. and denials. the 
likoges and contribullor\$ln a 'IItIrIety of disciplines relCftd 
to gerontology, 05 well os ~eodIyofforces rhcI shope 
an older pe!SOI'\'S expertenc:es and drOJr:nsron<:es. 
Ole d,.... goals d this ccx.ne Is to help 5fUden15 dewlop 
an ~ rhor I~ e-xperIences engender wtsdom 
and Inner peace.' 
1h«e Is no prerequlsb; 011 mqjors ore welcome. 

ConI'empoIory Iuues 2. s..mor B 
SCENCE AND POmY Of tHE SEA W · .~ 
Insnuctor: ~ A. Toni ' V 
Drowtng from oc:eonogaphy. llleloMe and ars. !his 
ccx.ne IIys to srrtke a bcIonatd view bet""." OU' 
Inrellecruol pe!c:eprton and OU' a_h.rte oppredalon of 
me sea. 

c 
o 
N 
T 
[ 
M 
P 
o 
A 
A 
A 
Y 

I 
I 
5 
U 
E 
I 

I£MIIoW\ (C) 
W 
I 
N , 
[ 
~ 

GlUAAroI 
, 
Q 
e 

~ 

RY 

A number of distinguished foculty and reseach sdenrisI5 
from the So1pps InsftfuIe ot Ocea ~ and from me 
upper canpus will patICIpc:R In the coors.. Among Ihem 
will be Professors .6JbefT· Engle, George Somero. P.oger ~~-6.-t-H"'~ 
P.,."elle, PotrIcIo MasIvrs, DaVId Antin ald Ofhers. 
Students will ha¥e ...a1obIe CMdIt oprIon and can sign for 
either 2 or 4 \.Kllts d aedIt. ~ Is no prerequ~ for me 
course. and Insnvaor welcomes 011 mojor5 (I~ and 
upper division SlUdenrs). 
For further information contact the Offlce ot 
Inrerdlsclpllnay SIuc1Ift or MJ'I College: 452-J~ (2024 
HUSS). .----:1-

-- ~ 
• . 

GOOD NEWS FOR EVERYONE! 
The general book derartment has introduced the 
widest selection 0 books-on-cassette in San 
Diego County, including new Cliff Notes on tape. 

STUDY WHILE YOU DRIVE! 
LEARN WHILE YOU COMMUTE! 

Currently 
Available 

Tides 
• Canterbury Tales 
• Frankenstein 
• Great Expectations 
• Hamlet 
• Huckleberry Finn 
• Lord of the Flies 
• Macbeth 
• Odyssey 
• Othello 
• Romeo and Juliet 
• Sarlet Letter 
• Wuthering Heights 

ENJOY! $7.95 and up. 

T.S.Eliot 
THE WASTE lAND 
FOUR QUARTETS 
AND OTHER POEMS 

Read by Sir Alec Guinness 

U •• VERSllY Baa_STaRE 
452-4291 . 

r---------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I Stadeat Po .... 

SpecIal 

[5J 
With so much stuff at Illteraadoaal GIfts, 
we thought It would be simpler to show 
things we don't seD. 

POSTERS 
FOR lHE PRICE OF 

[]] 
(Lust ~nstYe poste r Is fiu) I 

I 
I 

VITAMEATAVEGAMIN .. ; - w 
.:'~~H~~T~ 

Ii . , 

UNIVERSllY TOWNE CENIRE 

Come 
PrInts, 

see us for the best Posters, Art 
Mugs, Cards, Leather, T-Shirts, 

Rock-n-Roll Memorabilia, Fin~ Jewelry, 
Stuffed Animals, Stickers, Games, Gifts. 

South of'lbe Broadway 452-7755 
OFFER WIlli nus ~EXPIRES JAN. 31 , 1985 



.... aen 
Lectures 
MONDAY 
9tH ... - Docent Training Cou~. At 
$ol>ps Aquarium, in ~ Saipps Institute of 
Oceanogapt!(. For more Information call Pat 
Kampnwm at 452-4087. 
Z.IO pili - Thesis Oefl!nse. In Room 2105 of 
Bomer Hall, Revelle. Patrlda RorTWlS, "The 
'Dictyostelium OisCDiCleum' Actin Multigene 
Family." 
lUaDAY 
I ZI05 pili - Marine Biologi Special 
Semina-. In room 4500 Marine Biologi 
Semina-, Salpps Institute of Oce~apt!(. 
Jom van der Meer, National Research 
Council, Canada "Genetic Studies on 
Marine Red Algae." 
2100 pili - En~gy Center Seminar. In room 
7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. George AnastaS, San 
Diego Gas and Electric Company, "E~ging 
Energy TectTIologies." 
- Astropt¥ics and Space Physics Seminar. 

In room lila, P&L Muir. EdWard J. Smit h, .Jet 
Propulsion Laboratory, " He liospher e 
Magnetic Fields and Cosmic Rays." 
4100 pm - Chemical Physics Seminar. In 
room 26 22 USB, Revelle. Michael Shies inger, 
Department o f the Navy, .. \XIhat cIo Cantor, 
Weierstrass and l.e'.y ~ to cIo WIth 
Polymer Relaxation!" 
8100 pili - Music and Contemporary 
Sodety Colloquia. In the Cent~ for Music 
Experiment. Building 408, Warren. The 
oolloquia "New Music. Critidsm, and the 
Concert Audience," will be moderated by 
Bertra'Tl Turetzky; the parlel will include 
Jonathon Saville, San Diego Reader music 
critic; Daniel Carriaga, Los Angeles TImes 
music critic; Robert Pippin, UCSD and 'XIilliam 
Webber, CSU, Long Beach. 
w.DNISDAY 
IZIOO pili - Research Seminar on Mexico 
and lJS-Mexican Relations. In the Second 
floor Con~ence Room, Institute of the 
Americas Bldg, Third. Ralph Reisner, 
University of Illinois, "Foreign Debt Crisis in 
Latin America: Responses of US Institutions." 
4100 pili - Biology Seminar. In room 2622 
USB, Revelle. Nicholas Cozzarelll, UC 
Serkeley, " Studies of Recombination, 
Topoisomerases, and DNA Structure" or 
"From Souperooils to Knots." 
4100 pm - Condensed Matter Physics 
Seminar. In HL 1205, Revelle. K. Kallin, UC 
Santa Barbara, "Cyclotron Resonance in 
Two-Dimensional Electron Gas:' 
THURSDAY 
1 ZIOO pm - Summernoon Series. In the 
Institute of the Am~icas Suilding, Third. Ann 
Craig w ill give a lecture on activities of the 
Institute of the Americas and show a fiim on 
farming in Mexioo. Sponsored by Oceanids. 
4100 pm - Physics Colloquium. In USB 
2622, Revelle. 'XIilliam Thompson, "And 
Now-Pure lon-Plasmasr' 

ar photos by Ri~ Pecjak 
PlllDAY 
10100 ... - The Forum. In room "'" 
Administration COI11)Iex. Warren. Oanah 
Fayman. San Diego Arts Foundation. ''8mg 
Cities to U~ With the Arts." Sponsored by 
University Extension' s Institute for 
Continued learning. 
ZIOO ..... - Theis De~e. In room 2102 
Urey Hall. Revelle. Lanie DeardnJIf, "Sterle 
Effects on ~ Sinding of Cartlon Monoxide 
and Dic?X)ger1 to Model Heme C~ncIs." 
4100';' - Organic Chemistry Seminar. In 
~erson Hall 102. Third. Charles P. Casey, 
lkliversity of Wlsoonsin. will speak on a topic 
to be announced. 
7130 .... - Issues in the Humanities I..ectur~ 
Series. In ~terson Hall 108, Third. Russell T. 
Scott Jr., classical scholar and author, "The 
Gladlater: A Dark Side of Civilization 7' 
7.10 ..... - Junior Oceanographers Corps 
Lecture. In room 307 VaJr;;rt Hall, Saipps 
Institute of Oceanog-apt!(. George Somero. 
"Adaptations of the Unusual Animals of the 
Deep-Sea Hydrothermal Vents." 

Organizational Meetings 
MONDAY 
.... 1100 ..... - Attentionl All General 
Student Health Advoc.ateS trained and ready 
to go wint~ quarter. Arst meeting ~f the 

q.Jart~ is today, January 7th, 4-5 pm, In the 
training room, Student Health Service. Call 
x2419 if you can't make it See you there. 
lUUDAY 
4100-Il00 pm - Attention ... All Sirth 
Control Student Health AdIIocatesIl Our "rst 
meeting ths quarter Is Tues. Jan. 8 from 4-5. 
Call x21SO if you can't make it. See you thert!. 
Upstairs in the Student Health Services. 
8100 pili - EMSSA (Economics and 
Management Sciencl! Student AssodatlOnJ 
first Steering Committee Meeting for wInt~ 
quart~. In the Lounge abt::Ne the game room. 
...".ISDAY 
........ - Biomedical Enginl!erlng Sodety: 
Arst meeting of the quarter concerning a 
tied trip to ~ing tlrrns In ~ 
second week of this quarter. Everyone 
interested please attend. (Ouestlons : 
Contact Quan Dinh at 27~ 74B2). In the 
Re\IeIle Informal Lounge. 

Religious Functions 
MOMMY-llWlDAY 
......... -carholic Mass. Sponsored ~~ 
Catt10IIc Cornnv1Ily • UCSO, In thr 
I.iWersI1¥ I..uthl!ran Churdl. La Jolla Shores 
nI N. Tom)' PInes Ret 
MaN.MY 
........ - SUpper A:Ir srudenCs hosted ~ 
thl! Luther~ • UCSO, All WeIalme. In thr 
Lounge of liIlIIersIty I..uther., CtI.Irdl. just 

~ of Urey HaIL • 
7100 .... - BIble s~ sponsored ~ thr 
l.utheran can.u MInIstry at UCSD. Open to 
all. In the Lounge or the liIM!rsIty Lutheran 
OlJrch. 
, ...... -ForOvlstW5. a series ofweek~ 
seminars "Answering Questions abOut 
Crvistlanlty." Taught by Bob SIegel of 
Sojourr1ers Christian Fellowship. In the South 
Conferer ICe Room ofthr SludentCenter bldg 
B. 
.... pili - BII* St~ led tJt Pastor John 

H~, des9'1ed for towr1Sp«lpIe and 
students. In the Lounge of the liIlver'sity 
Luther.. Church. 
10100 pili - Candlejlglt Mass. Sponsored 
by the catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel of the liIillefsjty Lutheran Church. 
1HU"aIMY 
7101 'sll ... - 8It* ~ wiI resume 
lt1Is quarter Utlng this TtI.IrsdIrI,.... 10. 
UCM Is thr Ministry d the Presbyterian. 
M«hodIst. UCC and CJsq:,Ie ChurcheS. All 
studems .e welCome, Ret'reshrrIeICS will 
tlIow the BIlle ~,In thr ~ 
room. upsun ICrOIS from glft'leroom.ln the 
SIudent Cerar Bldg. A 
IAT'WmAY 
......... -catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic COIMlJnIty at UCSO. In thl! Chapel 
of the lklillersity I..utI'Iera'1 Church. 
SCMIIDAY 
Il1O _ -catholic Mass. Sponsored by~ 
Catholic COIMlJnIty at UCSO. In thl! Chapel 
of the LJnIYersIty Lutheran Church. 
10100 .. -l..iJtheran Communion Service. 
All Welcome. In the CNpeI of the UWerslty 
Lutheran Church. across from R~lIe 
College. 
10lI0 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ 
the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
!.ower I...e\IeI ~ence Room. Student 
Center Bldg. 8. 
1111. _ - UCSO Professor Edw.d 
Rl!}'flOlds of the History Department speaks 
on "The Case For a Chrlstlan Misslon to the 
worId." with iWl accent on "AfrIca." In ~ 
lDUnge of the University Lutheran a.Jrch. 
Il00,... -catholic Mass. Sponsored by ~ 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSO. In thl! Chapel 
of the U'lillersity LutheriWl Church. 
7100,... - Evening WorshIp, sponsored ~ 
thl! Lutheran Community at UCSO. Open to 
all. In the Chapel of ~ Unlliersity Lutheran 
Churcn. 

Recreation 
__ DAY 

........ - IntrarnAral \XIomerI's Basketball 
Team Captain's meeting. In the Rec. Gym 
Conference Room. 
4100 ..... - IntrarnArai Coed Basketball 
Team Captain's meeting. In the Rec. Gym 
C~ence Room. 
IlOO ..... - IntrarnArai Men's Basketball 
Team Captain's meeting. In the Rec. Gym 
MaIn Floor. 
nfUIISDAY 
4IDO pili - Intramural Women's Floor 
Hockl!y Team Captain's meeting. In the Rec. 
G)m Conference Room. 
4100 • .... .... - Gracitate Acting 
Recitals. At ~ UCSO Theatre, Warren. FInal 
year Masters and FIne Arts students perform 
a selection of short works ranging from the 
classics to avant~. 
........ - IntrarnArat Men's Floor Hecke!)' 
Tecwn Captain's meetng. In the Rec. Gym 
Conference Room. 
..... pili - The lrursday DInner. Good 
IbocI and great ~. Sponsored ~ the 

SenAces~orkshops 
~Y4 DAY.IA~Y 
- Tours otthe UCSOCan1Unolfered by 

the fellation Oppoftlnty flrt9i111/Of'1ke 
or RNtions with Schools. On the weekdays 
meet at 1:00 pm In front of BulkIng 101 
located on Myers 0rfIIe. On sawdays. meet 
at 10:30 am In front dthe CentrallkIiIIersIty =. Tourslast~ll"lhours; no 

IIIl1ent Is nec:ISUIY. In adIttb ~ group 
guidInce counselling Is avaI/abIe for 
prospecIW studenIs • 10:30 am. ~ 
1hIolq1 F~ In the EOP/ORS ofIIce, 
aMIdIng 101. For directIonS call DIaIII'IFO at 
452-4636 and ask to he. tape 5-15, a all 
EOP/ORS at 452-4831. 

~Y 
11 ... 1100 ,.. - Gracllar Student 
Group-This group A:Ir UCSD g~ 
students bcuses on persoNI CDnCeI' IS, 
retadonshlps and I~ goals. Led by .John 
NvJtews ~d Lourdes Jterez. Psychological 
and Counseling ServIces. In 1003 HL -Call 

45~3755 to sign up. 
TlBl'MY 
1,..,1100 PIlI - Start the New YNI' off 
right . .. Make a reokJtIon to attend that 
Birth Control Session )IOU'1ie been hearing 
about. but were afraid to attend. It's informal 

Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
Ullllerslty lutheran Church. Donation 52.00. 
PlllDAY 
4100 • IlOO pili - Gracitate Acting 
RKItaIs. At thr UCSO Theatre, Warren. Ftnal 
year Masters and Fine Arts students perfoon 
a selection of short works ranging from the 
classics to avant-garde. 
IlOO pili -Intramural Coed Team Bowling 
Team Captain's meeting. In the Rec:. Gym 
Conference Room. 
a.oo ..... - "Dear uar," in the Mandeville 
Redtal Hall. A ~ by .Jerome Kllty, arranged 
from the lengtty mrrespondencr ~ 

pI~!1lt George Bernard Shaw and Mrs. 
Parrlde Campbell, an emlnent actress of 
Shaw's period. MaIy Corrigan iW1d Norman 
Welsh star as thr memorable ctwacter5 in 
the UC Tcuing CommIttee A:Ir Interampus 
Arts and ~ drana dep.YtmenIs at UC 
Irvine, RIIImide, and San Diego. MnIssion: 
54. 

SA~Y 
7100 _ - Cross-Count/y SIcJ Oily Trip: Mt. 
San .Jacinto via Palm SprIngs Aerial Trarnw~. 
Cost Includes transportation, trarnvvifj 
tldcet, s/cJs. poles. boots. optJonaI basic 
lesson. For begilWIerS as wetl as experienced. 
Si!11 up at OCR: C~. 520.00. 
IlOO ..... - "Dear uar." See January II 
listing. 
SUNDAY 
IlOO pill - BiU T. Jone5/Ame Zane nI 
Company. In the Mandeville Center 
AudItorkJm. These _ danars ~ alreaay 
rt!Cl!iWd InterniIItJonaI acclaim as one of the 
most exdtlng PI opOIlt!i ItS of the Mnext WiNe" 
of rmdem dancr. TheIr perbrmances are 
tIgt'rIy baJsed. ~ executed. and laced 
with an edge of spontaneity. TIckets are 
available at thr ucso Bole 0IIkr and at 
Ticketron outIeU. General Admission: SIO.50; 
faculty, SUIt. seniors and aIurmi: S8.SO; 
students: $6.50. 

iW1d ir1IormatIve. t1endIy and ~. Join us 
LPstairs at !he SIudI!nt Health SenItce. 
1 ... 2111 .... - Gay,iBlsetual Gr~ 
Student Group-1hIs~ groupofmen 
and womerI will tJaJs on 51"OUP membels' 
CDlICZIIIS pertaining to hiMng iWl alternate 
sexual preference and being a gr~ 
student. In OCher wards. recDndIIng one's 
personal and proIessIonaI Identity, Led by 
SIP.Ie ~ and 'Mirna Buue. MeeIs at 1003 
HL c.t SIP.Ie at 452-3755"YOU ~ ~ 
questions. 
••• ... .. - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Group - ThIs Is an on-goIng CDnIIdef ltial 
support group br UlldeigJI __ men 
questioning their sexuality. as well as those 
who IdI!ndIY as gi¥/bisea 1aI. MeeIs ~ 
thto&91OUt the quarter. There will be a 
pln1Ing meetIIlg on l'uesdirJ. Jan. 8 from 
3:00-4:30 pm. to ~ the on-goIng 
IIfttIrIg time. Meets at 1003 H-L Students 
can call leader Stelle Brq at 452-3755 A:Ir 
more inti, ortheyc.Y1just c:ometo the group. 
MDNaMY 
,,..,1101 .... - WHAn1 You missed 
Tu~s Birth Control Information Session1 
You're in luck. There's a session Wed . ... and 
every Tues. and Wed. at noon Ibr the entire 

Mon<ioV.)U'l 7.1985 23 

quarterl Bring )lOUr lunch. )lOUr questions, 
iW1d )lOUr friends. Upstairs at the Student 
Health Service Lounge. 
.... '100 ..... - US Grants Grantwriting 
Workshop. Learn how to write an 
undergaduate researcn g-ant Grants c1Je 
second week Winter OUarter. In the Multi-
Purpose room, In the Second Floor ot the 
Student Center. 
THU'IIJIMY 
410006100 pm - Campus Blade Forum -
This Is a weekly informal diSClJSSion group on 
the issues, ooncerns, iWld the quality of Ii~ of 
the Black oommunity at UCSO. This is an 
ongoing group and students can join at i!II'fy 

. time. Call leader Phil Raphael at 452-3035 if 
you ~ i1ni questions; otherwise, students 
QVI just tum up at the goup. It meets In Mt 
VINI Lounge at Third College. 0fI'ered by 
PsychologIcal and Counsdlng SeMces. 
PlllDAY 
Z ............ - AlcDhoI and SUbstance 
Abuse - For students who want help in 
dealing with an aIo::lI'1ol or drug use problem. 
Emphasis will be on understanding the 

~ of ~ problem. identItytng 
options. making a commItJllellt to change. 
and following through. Homework 
assIg1meIlts and group norms will be 
estabMshed as part of ~ !1OUp's and 
IndIIIk1IaI's progam. Before joining ~ 
goup, interested studer1S are asked to call 
8«ca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment with one of our munselofs to 
see " the group will meet their needs. Led by 

~ Munoz. Psyct1oIogIcaI and Counseling 
SeMas. Meets at the RewIIe Prc\iost's 
0fIIce. 
IAn.aAY 
10 •• 0-11 •• 0 ... - US Grants 
Grantwrlting \IIorkshop. Learn tow to wrltr 
an ~ reNrCh srant Grants 
clJe semnd week WInter Quaner. In the 
MJlrH\lrpose room. in the Second Floor 01 
the Student Center. 

"', 



,. -

2 4 M()ncj(~y, Jail 7, 1985 
. . '. 

. : ..... :, ; .' , ' 
. .. ', .. 

',,',',. , ' . f" .• ', 
... ' . .' .. 

. " . , .:t 
." .' ' . 

,.. . .:. 

'. ".... . . . ', ,' .... ' .. ': " :> :: ." '\'. ,:;::.';~:/.:,':)/(: .. .;" .... ," ... ,'. :, , ..... : 

UCSD claims 2nd title in 4 years 

NATIONAL 
By ALICIA AGOS, Conlribu l ing Sports Edllor 

FOR DOUG DANNEVIK, it was the best birthday present ever. The UCSD women's volleyball coach 
was serenaded With a rousing chorus of 
"Happy Birthday" after coaching his 
team to a second national 
championship in four years, Elmhurst 
College, Illinois, was the site of 
destruction as UCSD picked apart a 
weak MIT team in three games. 15-8, 
15-12 and 15-9, 

Although UCSD's victory was 
celebrated accordingly, the actual 
championship game proved to be a 
somewhat anti-climactic ending to the 
whole NCAA playoff event. To get to the 
finals , the Tritons had to do what was 
for them the sometimes unthinkable: 
beat arch-rival and long-time enemy, La 
Verne. Very admirably, UCSD rose to 
the task, peaked when the time was 
rlght and proceeded to dispose of La 
Verne in four games, 15-11 . 9-15 , 15-10. 
15-12 Dannevik felt that, "For us , the 
championship was played in the Friday 
night game against La Verne. Most of 
our energy went into that game. We 
knew we needed 100% of our capacity 
to beat La Verne, but we only needed 
50% to beat MIT." 

It was definitely a championship 
weekend for UCSD, The plane which 
ca rried UCSD home that Sunday held 
not only nation.11 champions , but also 
three All-Americans, four All-Tournament 
playe rs , one DiVIsion !II MVP and a 
smiling coach, Karin Kalk. Kristin 
Kilbourn and Molly Wheatley, those 
infamous seniors, were tabbed with AlI-
American honors, Both Kilbourn and 
Wheatley are two-time recipients of the 
award, while Kalk is a first time entry 
into the world of All-Americans. For 
Kalk, the weekend was somewhat 
overwhelming. "1 is a dream come true, 
The biggest thing was for us to win 
nationals; everything else was extra , It 
was so satisfying winning nationals after 
we had played so horribly earlier in the 
season. Making All-American and AlI-
Tournament was a big surprise to me, I 
didn't expect it at all. I mean , 1 can't 
th in k of anything to make the weekend 
better, You dream about something like 
this and it's just amazing when it all 
comes true: 

Senior All-American Kann Kalh was one 
oj four Tritons selected to the NCAA Final 
Four All-Tournament Team , 

Four players from one squad selected to 
an all-tournament team composed of six 
players ,. , that's pretty impressive. 
According to Dannevik. the role of his 
[WO setters was a pivotal one. "In the 
beginning of the season their play 
wasn't so good. but with training, they 
improved. They were both exceptional 
in the final game. Carol was one player 
who could reaDy make us go, In the 
regionals agai nst Gustavus Adolphus , 
she sprained her ankle. then didn't 
practice with us until the La Verne 
match . But with her versatility and 
responsibility, she really came through. 

"We knl v we needed 100% of our capacity to beat 
La Verne, but we only needed 50% to beat MIT." 

Fellow captain Kristin Kilbourn , who, 
according to Kalk. "led us against La 
Verne and played her heart out," was 
named MVP of DiVision III and was also 
nominated for the highly acclaimed 
Broderick Awa rd . Kilbourn . who se t an 
NCAA record with over a thousand 
career kills, will be competing against 
every DIVision 111 SpOrt m the country 
for the award . 

In short, UCSD cranked . Sette rs 
Chrlsty Wada and Carol Lipson, hitter 
Molly Wheatley and Kalk were all 
named to the All-Tournament team, 

Christy ran the offe nse superbly against 
both La Verne and MIT, That was the 
best I'd seen her play. Agamst MIT, 
really, they were JUSt tremendous .. 

The fact that the game was covered 
by ESPN and teleVised nationaDy didn 't 
seem to faze the players . but the 
cove rage particularly pleased Dannevlk. 
"It was J motlvatlon for me 1V 
exposure IS a super way to make our 
team ..I S well known as they should be, II 
was also the first time for any UC D 
team to be on natlonal 1V, We have 
gOllen more cove rage thIS year than any 

: '. '.',': ,'" . :,' .. ~ . ,', ',.. . . 
• .'. :. : I •• • 

.' .. : ' . ' 

, ,'" .. . ' .' :~" ,;~' , '.,: ~:. : '." ; ,.' ".,' ' ,' ,". " 
'. : ;~' ,. '". ' •. I':· ' 

, ', :,: ;~: .. '. 

MPS!!! 
other year. Women's volleyball has the 
most suppOrt of any SpOrt on campus, 
We're also hyping other sports at UCSD. 
This coverage is great for the University, 
Our girls played well individuaDy and 
collectively, It was greatly rewarding." 

UCSD also simply out-prepared their 
opponents, Dannevik, along with his 
assistants Mike Hipp and John Cook, 
scout, chart and basically memorize 
every move the opposition makes. Said 
Dannevik, "We know more about La 
Verne than La Veme knows about 
themselves, More than anything else, we 
want to make sure our players are 
prepared. Against La Verne and MIT, 
John and Mike PUt tOgether a great 

proceeded to shut them down, There 
was not one sub-par performance on 
our team. Lori Lunhow, for instance, 
played reaDy well against La Verne, 
Everyone came through and 1 am proud 
of everyone on our team," 

The ability to peak as a team is a 
UCSD trademark. The Tritons are the 
only team in volleyball who has made it 
to four NCAA Championships in four 
consecutive years, UCSD's strength lies 
in team depth and team equality in 
terms of talent and performance. Kalk 
caDed the championship, and the entire 
season for that matter, "a team struggle 
and a team success, When we played La 
Verne we were aD reaDy nervous because 

"We ran plays that La Verne had never seen before. 
They never knew what hit them," 
game plan , We ran plays that La Verne 
had never seen before, They never knew 
what hit them," 

UCSD also seems to have more 
fighting blood than the teams they met 
during the playoffs. While MIT 
proceeded to roll over and die in the 
face of a Triton attack, La Verne 
appeared almost lackadaisical about 
meeting UCSD in the semi-finals, 
Dannevik was amazed that "we were the 
only team who even practiced during 
the whole weekend, I think MIT 
expected to lose no matter what, but La 
Verne felt aD along that they'd beat us, 
Their coach made some remark that La 
Verne had more heart than UCSD and 
always puDed through in the big 
games-that reaDy got me mad. We iust 

La Verne is a team who can beat us. But 
against MIT we were able to relax and 
have a good time. Our whole strategy 
was to make it a team effort and to play 
our own game, 

"In practice, we do what I think is 
necessary," Dannevik said . "If I think it's 
imponant, we do it. We were the best 
prepared team there . What we do in 
practice for [wo hours every day has 
some validity. The way we rurned 
ourselves around in the middle of the 
season made this championship far 
greater than the first one. This time, we 
reaDy came through, It was very 
touching when they sang 'Happy 
Birthday' to me after our win. Everything 
went true to form . It was a great 
weekend." ~ 

Doug Dannevlk (leje) Will have difficullY replacing aSS! WrllS John COOII (middle) and Mike 
Hlpp (nglll). 

Men '5 volleyball preview 

New coach and new 
outlook give new hope 
By ALICIA AGOS. Conlribuling Sports Edilor 

THE UCSD MEN'S Volleyball team is facing an incredibly tough schedule this season. Even 
though the Tritons are a Division III 
team, they wiD be going up against such 
Division I powerhouses as San Diego 
Stare, Pepperdine, Cal Stare Northridge 
and long Beach Stare. This is not to 
say, ~r, that coach Digger Graybill 
and his squad are not without goals, 
and for that maner, the ability to 
achieve them. 

GraybiD. who is in his first coaching 
year at UCSD, is primarily looking "to 
improve over last year's record . Without 
looking at our schedule , though, our 
goals seem deceptive. We have one of 
the toughest schedules in the nation , 

, Our goal is to be a .'00 club. It's a 
challenge for us to play in Division 1 
and we're excired about this challenge. 

Graybill's long-range goals are a 
definite step up hom his present, 
seasonal goals. Both coach and players 
alike want to someday break the esoteric 
ranks of the nation's Top 10 of men's 
vo\leybaB. This goal, which ultimately 
has the non-scholarship UCSD ranked 
along-side scholarship-dependem 
schools, carries considerable weight. 
However, Graybill's coaching philosophy 
is basicaBy that of enthusiasm, an 
attitude he feels his team is quickly 
adapting, ·We don't ler the past affect 
the future. With the dedication we're 
getting from our players, we think our 
plan to break the Top 10 is a realistic 
one." 

To prepare for their taxing schedule, 
the Tritons have been practicing daily 
since December 27 and what has been 
stressed during these practices has been 

the basics: serving and passing. Graybill 
feels that "at all levels this is a priority, 
We can be competitive against anyone 
with this down, Also, we are running a 
quick offense, At our level, we have to. 
We plan to isolate our hitters and 
emphaSize a quick attack. We'll be 
running the obvious plays like a quick 
set, an X, and a fake X, but we'D also 
run a shoot set outsicle to elude the 
middle blocker, All this is based on 
passing: 

It is evident that Graybill's enthusiasm 
has had an effect on his players. It is 
appreCiated. Scott Criswell, a returning 
middle blocker, thinks that "right now 
we need someone who is there aD the 
time and whq, wants to be part of a 
Division I team. It's Digger's dream to be 
a Divison 1 coach. He wants to grow 
with the team. He's reaDy enthused and 
he reaDy knows what he's talking about." 

Graybill, who says that his players are 
"ready and willing to do anything the 
coaching staff wants them to," has plans 
for his team both on and off the court. 
The coach wants his team to become 
one of the biggest draws on campus, 
and achieving this wiD involve a good 
deal of promotional work on the part of 
his team, Another team goal for the 
season is to average a per-game 
attendance of 1,000. 

"We want everyone to realize that 
. Friday night volleyball will be fun and 

exci ting," Graybill said . "Volleyball is 
really a fun SPOrt and ours will be on 
the unique side, Men's volleybaD is 
much faster and much more powerful 
than women's. We're also going to have 
some eXCiting aspects, For example, at 
every game sorneone will sing the 

PEDlA1RICS 233 

-GENES AND CANCER-
TL£SOA'Y5. 1·2 pm. OSB B247. OPEN TO All ST\.DENTS 
Fll\Sl'MEEIlNG 1/&/&5 
10 ~GISIEP. CONTACT INSTI\UCTOI\ 01\. HOFFMAN. BSO 4002. ~7 

-TOPIO COVEREO-
1} THE 0P.ICittS Of CZHEIIC RE5EM0I1N CANCER. 
2} SQtM1IC CEll GENETIC SJU)I£S Of CANaP.. 
3} 'tMAT ~ HA~ 1.EAANED NJ04Jf CNaR GENES ~ CANCER w.usES. 
4} THE OI5CC\9.Y Of ONCOGENES IN NORMAl.. AND CANCER CELLS, 

~} 'tMAT't.4E ONENllY ~ ABOUT THE ~ OF ONCOGENES, 
6} 0C».tJWIT AND AEassM ONCOGENES. 
7} GENCMC PlAS11CIlY AND GENES AMFUFICATlON IN CANCER. 
8} GENES ~ 5lFPAESS THE CANCER PHENOTYPE. 
9) 1HE ACl£ OF ONCOGENES IN NOP.WL AND IN CANCER CEI.LS. 
10) ....... 15IlE MODElS Of CANCER. 

DESlGIf Californian. 

". ... ~ calli ,., _ '13 (,.". 118) 
free ..... .",e cll&l (fit _ "0 (rrg. 115) 
.~ ".,.. U5 (,. $fO) 5c."".,u ,..,,, (fWI NIJ $11 (reg. UO) 

.... lCIIre. "'.re $15 (,. .28/ eel,."... U5 (Jeg. $1S) 
0IIe Ito .. , /ftc.., ""' $. (,. $15) 

ORe ,.., ....... ""' U5 (reg. ..,S) 
Sp«Yllm In bl«l1 hal, 

.4 full xfIIlce .ulan 
7608 Until t'i.st..1 Rd. ('feR Coil. Dr. ~ 163) ~, 

ffe.- .MIOII ({orrrterlj /4 JoII. Cutting Co.) 737 f'wt 51. , /4 Jolt. 
.,6·1170 U6:;81J 

SpecylJ good with lid with x/tICted Jtglis/,J Ih/'OfAgh J 2/ 1J/84 

Monday, Jan, 7, 1985 25 

Greg Howarth and the rest oj the Tritons appear set to Jace a challenging '84 schedule. 5 
.., 

~------------------------------------------------------------~ ~ 
national anthem. Well also have raffies 
and Kevin Bateman will be our 
charismatic announcer ... within the 
lines of good taste, of course,' 

A group of athletes who are described 
by their coach as "dedicated and hard-
working," boasts six returning players 
and some promising newcomers. , 
Potential starters for the January 11 
opener at Cal State Northridge include 
seniors Dave Halgren, "an outstanding 
hitter for us," and the 1984 team MVP 
Johnny Henderson; juniors CrisweD and 
Eric Halman; and sophomores George 
Knight and Matt Hum. ' 

Graybill is basicaDy tying to instill in 
his team a strong sense of team unity 
combined with the ability to maintain 
an optimistiC outlook. "We need to play, 
react, everything, as a team, There aren't 
any stars on a together team. My 
philosophy is it's not so much if you · 
win or lose , it's how you react. We need 
to react positively. We don't let our past 
affect Ollr futllre. When we react 

positively, we prepare outselves for 
success in the future : 

The Triton coach who by day teaches 
at Hoover High School and by night 
pursues his volleyball passion , is 
described by sener Eric Halman as "a 
fantastic leader, We feel we're getting 
more one on one with our coach. 
Everybody respects him a lot." 

The transition into head coach has 
been made easier for Graybill by "a lot 
of support and assistance from the 
athletic department, Both Athletic ' 
Director Judy Sweet and Assistant Mike 
Hipp have been very helpful , physicaDy, 
emotionally and spiritually." 

A chance to catch a glimpse of the 
Tritons in action before their official 
home opener (which will be February 1 
against the Alumni) will be available 
when UCSD plays host to the All-Cal 
Tournament on January 19, The aU-day 
tournament will boast such volleyball 
greats as UCLA and UCSB, [lj 

BJ'S PIZZA BUCKS 

Limit One 

Per Pizza 

La Jolla, CA 

Series 1985 

8873 Villa La Jolla Drive (Next to Theaters) 
FREE Delivery to UCSD 

o 
• 

"Schooling" 
Getting You Down 1 

-COMING SOON-

Thursdays at Muir Commons 
* FOR DINNER RESERVATIONS AND 

INFORMATION SEE YOUR HA. OR CALL x4468. 



., 

• 

I'M AN 
AIR FORCE 

ROTC PILOT 
CANDIDATE 

CADET COLONEL 
NANCY VONASEK 

POunCAL SCIENCE 
MAJOR 

SDSU 
There was a time way back when women in !he Air Force did the 

same things women did everywhere. Clencal and adminiSlrative 
pOSitions. Those positions are still around, but for women in the Air 
Force, the opportunities are endless. You'U find women in almost 
every skill area and With the prestige and responsibility of 
leaders ... of officers. 

Many of these women began their relationship with the Air Force 
in college as cadets in Air Force ROTC. 

"I was origmally att racted to AFROTC as a means of getting good 
flight training. 1 made the decision to go into the Air Force before 
knowing 1 had a pilot slot 1 have no family military background , so 
11 was completely up to me and it's all very new and different." 
If you're a women interested in or attending college, Air Force 
ROTC can make a big difference in your life. And when you 
graduate, you may become an Air Force officer. The sky's the limit. 

CALL AFROTC AT SDSU 26~5S451 

BOTe 
Gateway to a great way of life. 

THE 7TH ANNUAL 

UC-SAN DIEGO 

SPIRIT NIGHT 
A TRITON DASKETDAl.L. DOUBLEHEADER 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 11 
MAIN GYMNASIUM 

WOMEN: UCSD YS REDLANDS 6:00 pm 
MEN: UCSD YS RHODE ISLANDCOIl.EGE 8:00 pm 

SPECIAL HALfTIME EVENTS 

III ILl, 1l1i~lllillllll~I!~I.,IIII~I"111l 
Literature Department 
Winter 1985 

Courses in Translation 
No knowledge of a foreign 
language is necessary to enroll in 
the following general Literature 
Courses: 
LitiGen HOA 
Sumy of Russian Literatun: J800-186O 
lec A TIh 10:00-11:20 EXT 1+2 ee6327 
Instructor. Steven Cassedy 

This course will cover selected major works by Pushkin, Gogol , 
Lermontov, and the young Dostoevsky. Russian literature is 
analyzed with a particular view 10 social and political history. 

litiGen 1+5 
Frmch Litera'un: in T mnslation: 
The Woman's Voice 
lec A MWF to:OO-l0:~ TCHB 1+2 cc8331 
Instructor. Catherine lowe 

Tradition assigns [0 the narrative voice a male gender, yet the 
woman speaks. This course will focus on the woman's voice in the 
li terary text: we will examine the locus of her voice, the form it takes, 
the characteristics that distinguish it from the man's voice, as we 
attempt to identify and to define how the feminine is figured. The 
texts Will be read in English translation and Will be taken from the 

I works of George Sand, Simone de Beauvior and Marguerite Duras, among others. In addition to active partiCipation In class discussions, students Will be reqUired 10 wnte TWO shoTt papers and to take a fmal examInation. 

litl~n 1 .. 9 
Gmnan Literatun: In Tmnsiation: 

'n-d~th Study of Rillit's Jdeas Abou' Eros and Man, Woman, God 
and b:istDIce 
lec A TIh 10:00· 11 :20 HL 1160 cc7396 
Instructor. Martin Wierschin 

Rilke stated, "LIfe and death: they are one, at core entwined." And 
also, 'For one human being to love another: that is perhaps the most 
difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work 
for which all other work is but preparation." 

This course will explore--!hrough in-depth interpretive analyses-
-the thematic complexities and artistic achievements of Rilke's 
poetry and relate his ideas to our contemporary existential 
experiences. 

litiGen 150 
Chinese Litmltun: 'n T rrDIIIation: Contemporary Chinese Fiction 
(Cross-listed with Lit/Chinese I~) 
lee A MWF 2:00-2:.50 P&l 1111 ec6329 
Instructor: William Tay 

This course is a survey of the development officcton in the People's ' 
Republic of China fom 1949-1978. The fictional works will also be 
read as illustrations of the following issues: the Yenan literary 
policy, the positive hero versus the middle character, Hu Feng and 
the problem of socialiSl realism, the "Hundred Rowers" movement, 
and the Cultural Revolution. 

LitiGen 1.50 . 
Chinese Literatun: 'n Transialion: Modmtist Pomy 
(Cross-Ii!lled with Lit/Chinese 1.50) 
leC 8 MW 9:00-10:20 TCHB 119 ce6330 
Instructor: Wai-lim Yip 

We Will read representallve modernist poems from Taiwan 
between 1949- 1970. 

1I1E!liilillll~l" 111111111.1." ,I, III-I" aD 

Commentary 

SUPER BOWL XIX 
Miami Dolphins (16-2) 

vs. 
San Francisco 4gers (1 7 -1 ) 

The 4gers-lots of weapons-Montana to Clark, Solomon, Francis, 
Tyler and Craig. The Dolphins-Marino to Duper, Clayton, and ... well, 
that's about it. The 4ger defense has Dean, Board and Big Hands up 
front and a Pro Bowl secondary in Hicks, Wright, Williamson and Lott. 
The Dolphin defense is ... is a pile of garbage. 

How can Montana get shut down? And how can Marino score? Will 
the Dolphins give the ball to Tony Nuthin? Will Shula let Uwe try a field 
goal? 

Don't be fooled . If you didn't listen to the Guardian last year when it 
said the Raiders over the Redskins by 20, listen now. San Francisco over 
Miami by 18 points. Vegas is waiting for you. 

-Jeff Savage 

Men's basketball loses to UCR 
ince SWitching from the NAIA to the NCAA this summer, the sole priorityofthe 

UCSD men's basketball team has been to win , regardless of how they improve; this 
is because the NCAA looks only at won-loss record to determine its playoff 
partiC ipants. UCSD coach Tom Marshall has stressed to his players the importance 
of starting well, and the team has responded with eight victories, the most recent 
coming Friday night with a 64-59 victory over Occidental in the first round of the 
La Jolla Invitational Tournament . Unfortunately for the Tritons, there have also 
been six defeats along the way, including Saturday night's 79-59 drubbing agai nst 
Division II UC Riverside in the finals of the tournament. 

UCSD was led by the back-coun play of Brandon Nixon and Greg Kamansky in 
the championship game, which was knotted at 31 at halftime. But Division n 
Riverside, led by tournament MVP Dave Myers, pulled away in the second half to a 
rather easy win that disappointed the sparse turnout in Triton Pavilion. Kamansky 
led all scorers with 19 points, while Myers tallied 15 for Riverside. 

Sec next issue lor full recap on the men's basketball team. 
~ Mike Greenberg 

BUD LIGHT 
Athlete of the Month 

KRISTIN KILBOURN, SENIOR 
LAGUNA BEACH, CAUFORNIA 

WOMEN'S VOl.l.EYDAI..L 
KrIsrIn Kllbcx.m concluded a sreIIa Col~ng ccner 
this past month by leading h uc-San Tritons 10 their 
second NCAA NarIonoI V~ TlfIe In fcu~ In addIIton 
10 being named 10 1M 0MsI0n II All American Team for m. 
second consecurNe season. 1M l.oQInl Oeoch nartw was 
robbed as the 1984 DMsIon II ~m.YecJ'. ICIisrIn 
finished os uc-San Otego's (Deer leader In kills with 1.049 
and blocking points wtrh 456, A fou'-yea staTer for m. Tritons. 
KrIstIn paced the 1964 SQUad wtrh 296 kills and a .295 kiD 
percenroge, Overall, the 5-10 blocker ftnlshed third In (Deer 
kill percentage Of .272%. In UCSO's two NCAA Chc::wnpionsNp 
games Of Elmhurst College, KJlbcx.m led 011 Tritons wtth 25 kllis 
Ond tied with reo~ Karin KoIk wtrh 16 blocking poInrs. 

Monday,Jan . 7. 1985 27 

WInter Quarter 1985 
WORIDsnJD .......... 

The CollowtnQ COUl'lle8 wID satIsfY requirements Cor 
~ and MInors In the 1hIrd World Studles Proitam: 

. Comm. HIP 122A: Communications and the Community 
Comm. SF 1018: Te1evtsion Documentary 
Comm, SF 170: Comparative Politics and Pol. Culture 
Hist. 1408: Colonial Latin America-The Mature Colonies 
Hist. 141: The Social History of Latin America 
Hist. 146A: History of Mexico 
Hist. 180B: Early Modem japan 
Hist. 181B: The History ofOlinese Thought & Soc, 
lit./Eng. 182A: [)ev, of Afro-American literature 
lit/Gen. 136: African OraIllterature 
lit/Gen. 150: Chinese literature in Translation 
lit/Span, 131: Colonial Latin American literature 
lit/Span. 135: Mexican literature 
lit/Span. 153: Chicano Poetry 
Poli, Sci. 134M: Comp. Politics/Latin America 
Poli, Sci. 134B: Politics in Mexico 
Poli. Sci. '1340: Topics in Latin American Politics 
Poli, Sci. 146BB: U,S,-Mexican Relations 
Soc, 146: Social Stratification 
lEP 193: Multicultural Education 
1WS 154Q: Problems! Afro-American History 
1WS 159B: Afro-American History 
1WS 175B: History of Modem Africa 
USP 105: Environmental Planning-U.S'/Mexico Border 

ICyou are Interested In Thhd World PolJtlcal. Economlc 
and Cultural Issues contact the lWS OfBce. 

1HIRD WORlD SlUDIES offers an lnterdlsdpUnary 
,..or and MInor allowing you to study HIstory. 
Utaature. Political ScIence. PhIlosophy. SocIology. 
Music. etc .• of'the ThIrd Wodd. 

For more information come to TCHB'121 or can 452-3276, 

UnivelSity Events Office presents 

1HE HISiORICE FORMANC 
FAREWELL PER OF iHE KING 

OF GunER ROCK. 

I 

Its A MRAMAX FIUV1SFELEASE 
A FILM BY OA. PE""-EBAKER 

ZGGY STARJUST AI\D Tl-E SPIDERS FRJIvI MARS 
A MAI\IV1AN PR:Dl.JCT1CN n ! 5 • itUJn WIth PEN'.EBAKER Asscr,tATES, II'.C. 

ProdJced erd Directed by DA. PE~8AKEA ~ """,...ac,,,,~ I ~ 
.. COP\If9II-..w..A'I" Of! RCA IIECOK)S IN) CAS!fTI( 'i ~.-.. --",- W--.... , S .... l~'0111 .... _ ...... -. ...... 4Q1 - .. _ _ ___ . _ ... _~ i .. . 

January 11, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 



Classlfted acNertlslng space Is sold In 
100-character Increments. Each 
letter, p&M1ctuatJon mark and space 
between words Is consIdered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two charaders. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 charaders for students 
and 53 per 100 characters for non-
students. You must come by the office 
or mall In your ad, as we require 
payment In advance of pubJlCMlon. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesdlly for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

KB Books offers text books at 10% below 
bookstore prices-deliveredl Call 
immediatelyl 452-B350. (1/14) 
Ayn Rand readers and students of 
ObjectMsm meeting f!IIery Sunday, II 
am-2 pm. Home Savings of America, 4311 
La Jolla Village Drive, University Towne 
Centre. (1/10) 
Announcing Winter Rush-AO" will be 
informal rushing this \Neeklll Parties 
begin Tuesday 1/8111 Come see us on the 
plaza or call the condo at 457-5535 for 
more information. (1/10) 
ASIO Volunteer Info Night: Thurs. 1/10 
at 7 pm in No. Conf. Rm. Student Ctr. 
Get Involved this quarterl 11/7) 
Bands I All bands interested in being part 
of this year's Battle of the Bands at 
Rf!llelle must sign up now in the Revelle 
Provost Office. The date of the concert is 
Jan. 25. 11/14) 
T1<E Uttle Sister Rush. Ladies: Do you 
want to have fun, excitement, and meet 
new people at UCSD7lhen stop by the 
TKE table on the Rf!llelle plaza this \Neek. 
(1/7) 
The Milton H. Erickson Institute 
announces the San Diego Conference 
on Hypnotic and Strategic Interventions 
February 8-10, 1985. For information call 
(619) 295-1010. 12/7) 
Cars for rent. SIS per day, S85 per week. 
Unlimited free mileage. Del Mar 755-
3201. (1/17) 

Need money to go to college or 
\iOcational schoo/7 Educational Talent 
Search can help you apply for money to 
attend the school of your choice. 
Services are free to the public. Call 297-
4471. 11/17) Gay student wanted to share house 

with 3 others near North Park area. 282-
5397 Jim C. 11/10) 

Gail, Jennifer, & Karen. This quarter will 
be the best ever. Undie, Mr. Mustachio, 
Purrrr, Watch Outl Beware "The 
Shuffler." 11/7) 
Up to S500 can be }<>ursl Undergraduate 
research grants deadline 2nd \Neek. 
Grantwriting Workshop Wed. 1/9 6 pm 
Multipurpose Room, 2nd FIr Student Menstrual pain7 Cramps, nausea, abdominal pain, etc. Participants needed 

for a research study. 481-6181. 11/24) 

You don't absolutely have to pay that 
much for textbooks-KB Books can help 
a little. We have new books for 70% off 
bookstore prices-and we deliver in the 
University area. Call now at 452-8350. 
(1/14) 

Center above pool tables. For info call 

• H~ §~ I ~917. ~r~. /1/71 . p12i4£HI'I. ~flJRIMII 
Worried about money for school7 
Contact Talent Search. Financial A id and 
Career Counseling Services are free to 
the public. Call for appointment 297-
4471. 11/7) 

NBItIIIHWIIII 
'65 Mustang GT 289, coupe, great 
cond., dk. green, ps, front-disc brakes, 
AC, am/fm cassette, 24,000 mi. on 
rebuilt eng., S3,5oo. Call 488-0322 after 
6 pm. 11/10) 

Brand new textbooks for many AMES, 
Bio, Chem, Econ, EECS, Physics, Psych 
and Math c/asses-IO% below 
bookstore pricesl Call KB Books for 
University area delivery: 452-8350. Call 
while supplies last. 11/14) 

Futon mattresses, couches, 100% 
cotton-colors, frames. Peach Blossom 
Futon, 1036 Garnet, P.B. 274-3410. 
(1/10) 

Olivetti PR2300 spark ink jet computer 
printer, new Icost S255, half-price), very 
quiet: S125. 58b-0168. 11/7) 

!liDIlI/III 
Wanted: Christian band members. Play 
original new wave. If you want to talk 
call John Lee. 453-3758. ((1/7) 

lWING/WORD PROCESSING-For all 
your typing needs call Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted. (1/31) 
Cars for rent. SIS per day, S85 per \Neek. 
Unlimited free mileage. Del Mar 755-
3201. (1/31) 
Action Pro Typing Service-Qua/ity 
work at fantastic rates. Can do rush. For 
the best: Patrida, 282-6126. (1/10) 

RUSH AOII RUSH AOII RUSH AO" 
RUSH AOII RUSH AOII. 11/10) 
Andre Kolel Andre Kolel Andre Kolel 
Catch him before he disappears. 
February 21 Andre Kolel (1/7) 
Warm up your Winter Quarter-Rush 
AOII'" Come and see us on the plaza or 
call 457-5535 for more information. 
11/7) 
Up to S500 can be }<>ursl Undergraduate 
research grants deadline 2nd \Neek. 
Grantwriting workshop Sat. 1/12 10:30 
am Multipurpose Room 2nd floor 
Student Center above pool tables. For 
info call x3917 USGrants. (1/10) 
Don't be a slug this qtrl ASIO Volunteer 
Info Nite. Th., 1/10 at 7 pm in Student 
Ctr's No. Conf. Room. (1/71 
Have a band7 Show UCSD your talent 
Jan. 25th at the annual Revelle Battle of 
the Bands. Sign up now in the Rf!llelle 
Provost Office. Free campus-wide 
publicity & reviewsll (1/14) 

Third and Final Phase 

THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA 

( 10",('11 
\\' ('II I 11 ' ..,11,1 ~ 

1.1I.1( )11(/ <.;( ' ll /1/'('(' ;1( ' ..... (/1)( / J. I I/( II )( '(// 11i( ' ;1)( I 
«(/1'< ...... 0...; (lUll (/1 .1/11' /'I/I C'o...; (l//.(/ /(11/(/ 
/ /)( /)( /I I II / )( I (l/lc' (/ /lei (( I '(I />( 'd ron II IS . 
poul.c.., ...... /)(/s. 0...;(/11/)(/ ..... ([/J(I /(/ ('l/ lIc ' I/)(/1/ 
('()( I/h ( ' /)/('JllIl/l 111>11 /((/IIC/Il o...;c I t/I)IIIIC · ..... . 
fClll/l/l/1/1<..., //1(/ ('()II/II/II/d Idu.\' (lUll 

-.;(/1<'.... (1 ' 1 III ' I Ille/I/I/ 

1'/1< (' .., & 1('11"'" 
..,lIll,c·C ( In ( 11 .. ,,~c·" •• 

\\ (IIHIII! noli< ( '. 

filH/452· 11 52 

Found, in Medical Student Lounge, Basic 
Science Building. Call Steve 455-5985. 
(1/10) 
Found: Seven-inch gold bracelet 
wjheart-shaped chann. Found at USB 
around 11/28. To claim call Rick 274-
4592. Keep trying. (1/10) 
Lost: Nov. 30th, a gold cross pen. Has 
extreme sentimental valuel Lost 
between APM & Bio-Med Ubrary. Please 
call 452-2677, or 452-<>415. (1/7) 
Lost: Silver charm bracelet with 
comedy/tragedy mask somewhere near 
HL Sentimental value. If found please 
call 56~ 7902. (1/7) 

~i~ 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$1995 $695 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDITIONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER 

455-0428 

~-H. 
IGlPiAN 

EDUCATIONAL 
CENTER 

TEST __ ATlON SPECIALISTS SI'ICE 11138 
Cilll Days Elles & Weekends 

SAN OtEGO CENTER 
2180 GAANET 2D 

PACIFIC BEACH, CA 92109 
(619)270·6810 

M.l. McNULTY, ADMINISTRATOR 

~--------------I 
'W"I"fM C,"ltn 'n M04" Ttl," 120 _"" U S (,It IS , 1010111 

rtf IMOffft'llOIt .MYI 0"'" uttf," 
OUTSIDE H Y STATE CAll TOll fAU 100 223 1712 


