
-----

! 

l 

\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 

~ 

" 
~ 

~ ~ 
. ~ ..... , ..... -_ ......... .... . .. . -• . ... - - " ,,~ .. .. .... _ . \. ~i"" , • • ' . "'., • • " • _. • ""'~r ........ · 040. t 

1/ 



2 Thursda) , Muy 2, 1985 

UCSD invites all ages 10 aaend Open 
House, Sunday, May 5. Events will 
include visits 10 Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, a backstage tour of the 
Mandell Weiss Center for the 
Performing Arts; College Bowl finals ; hve 
entertainment, food , a Renaissance 
Faire; SPOrtS demonstrations; the Life 
Aight helicopter; an exhibitions; free 
lecrures by distinguished faculty; campus. 
tours; the Staff Association book sale; 
booksigning in the bookstore; bake sales 
and many information booths. Also 
there will be a 10K unofficial run, a 
children's run , stroller run and a fun 
run. Parking is free . For information, call 
452-3800. 

o 
The fifth annual UCSD taff 

Association Book Sale will be held m 
conjunction with the UCSD Open 
House on May 5, beglllning at noon . 

The sale booth \VIII be located west of 
the Sun God sculpture , on the cross 
walk east of the Biolog)' Building. The 
nearest parking facility is the Mandeville 
parking 101. 

Book donations may be dropped off 
at centers located throughout the 
campus, Point Loma , Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography and the UCSD 
Medical Center at Hillcrest. For the 
exact locations, can book sale chairs 
Jackie Reingold at 452-3192 or Betsy 
Faught at 452-3548. 

The UCSD Staff Association Book Sale 
proceeds are used for future Staff 
Association activities. Unsold books are 
donated to the UCSD Medical Center 
and the the Manne Facilities ships. 
Donations are requested by May 2. 

o 
San Diego's 7th Annual Women's 

Opportunities Week (WOW), set for 
October 1 I through 19, win be taking 
on a new look this year-thanks to a 
new logo. Now that the week has grown 
10 over 300 events, the Advisory Board 
and this year's WOW steering 
committee feel it's time for a permanent 
logo. What that logo looks like will be 
determined by a contest running from 
now through May 31. The ~inner of the 
competition receives $500 in cash, 
along with free admission to the WOW 
Kick-Orr Dinner and the All-Day Event. 
The winner's design will be displayed at 
all future WOW events. 

The competition is being judged by a 
committee of five graphic designers 
headed by Ja~ Blackwood of Blackwood 
and Associates. Other judges are Valerie 
Bennea (Encore Concepts), Betty Amos 
(B. Amos Designs), Pat Hansen 
(Graphics by Design) and M. Sue Hiaa 

Women's Opportunllies Week began 
in 1979 as an ourgrowth of the efforts of 
the City of San Diego AdVISOry Board on 
Women , which was first appointed by 
the mayor in 1973. The purpose of the 
week is to focus on the current 
opportunities available to women and 10 
acknowledge the benefits our 
community receives through the effons 
of San Diego women. 

Contest guidelines are as follows: The 
logo must be original in concept, simple 
in design and legible. It should be 
appropriate 10 the philosophy and 
concept of Women's Opportunities 
Week. The design should be clean, easy 
to remember and capable of being used 
for a long time. It should be bold 
enough 10 reduce 10 busmess card size; 
lettering with thin lines should be 
avoided. Art-work (camera-ready line 
an) should be no smaller than 4" x 5", 
mounted on 81h" x 11 " board . 

Anyone interested m entering the 
competition should submit art work to 
WOW Logo Competition, Mayor's 
Office, 202 "C' Street llA, San Diego, 
CA 92101. The designer relinquishes 
any and all rights 10 the logo design , 
and entries will not be returned. Entry IS 
free to students with proof of 
enrollment. For further information on 
the contest, call 236-6330. 

o 
A promising new alternative hJS 
em~rg~d In the de~·ades·lu11g que:St 10 
huild a e:ommcrclal luslon reactor 
lullu\\ lIlg a livl'·year Lus ALlmu~ 

.IUU11,a! L.lbur.lluIY program ilwulvlng a 
d llughnut-shapcd re:se.lreh I11.H.: hmc 
c.a!lrd Zl --fOM. 

'\cwrulIlg tu .1 repun rl'll',ISl'U lOuay. 
ZT --fOM ha, ,ucce~sl ull)' heateJ 0.1 lusiun 
Iud w II million (kgrl'l'S rahn:nhdt In 
lcst Irrings lasling up w 27 ·thuus.lI1cIths 
ul a ~~LUnd u~ing a Tll.lg11C!IC-huttic 
tl'chniquL' calleJ the rnTrscJ-IIL'kl 
pinch (RI'P). 

Dr. Gkn A Wu ruL' 11 , ,I pl.lsm,1 
physicist , S,I)'S thL' RFl" s .IJv.lI1tages 
clluld push rcsL'arch In a Ill:W Jrn:cllun 
IOwarcI till" Ullll11atl' gualul L'lllllllll'l'ClaU), 
harnL's,mg lu~iun PUWl'!' , the S,ll11l' 
nuckar pfl)~CSS that 1ll,lke, stars shlnl' 
.IIlJ hyJrogL'n bomhs l·.\pludc. 

"'1 hl' RI'P cuuld turn .ittcntlUn ltl\\'al'll 
sul!st.lllllall), smallL'r, cheaper, and 
Sllllpll'l' f'usilln rL'.lccurs." sa)'s Wurdl'n , 
wllh thc L.lb·s CIlillrulkJ Thl'nnulllldL'ar 
Ik,,'arch DllblLlll . 

"Indecd . II ,Ippears ,I 1".Wl'/'· 
pmJuellIg RI'I' rL'actor lI'oulJ hl' .lb .. 1Ut 
thl' ~,lll1l' ,,;: .. ' .1, tllda);, I.lrgl·~t lila 1111 I Ill' 
11ISIOil lI1achllll·,-whll h Ihl'llbl''''c, 
lI1ust hl' l·' .... ·11 l'lr);l'r ill hcculllc ,I 

oX •• :.#} •• 

. ~-----------~------------~ 

Cover: UCSD's boys and girls welcome their parents to 
Open House to show Mommy and Daddy all the neat 
things they are doing with all that money. Exhibits, 
demonstrations and other activities are planned 
throughout Open House Sunday, May 5. Catch a copy of 
"UCSD Open House '85" on campus for the itinerary of 
the social event of the millenium. 
News: A bill for a dollar-for-dollar budget divestment trade-off is 
receiving heavy support in the State Assembly, and SIO's Center for 
Coastal Studies will use a new $340,000 computer to study the coast. 
Opinions: Former Attorney General Ramsey Clark speaks out for 
divestment, a viewpOint on the ups and downs of collectivism, a 
commentary discussing how some rallies can be alienating, plus letters 
and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Reflections on the trip or the anti-apartheid movement 
representative sent by . UCSD to the northern campuses, graduate 
students unite to aid thetr undergraduate brethren, and a preview of the 
Open House teach- in this Sunday. Plus , "the writer's i" quakes and 
trembles in front of myriad eyes while giving a speech . 
Spons: The Blue and Gold Wrecking Crew of UCSO takes over Mission 
Bay, and the women's softball saga continues .. .. 
Hiatus: Jean Michel Basquiat used to paint walls . Now he paints 
paintings and sells them for $25,000. His paintings will be at LJMCA 
beginning Friday, UCSO's Teatro Ensemble will perform on Cinco de 
Mayo, plus a Hiatus exclusive interview with the director of the soon-to-
be-released Broken Hearts and Noses. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN A'iHlEE 
WITH INSPIRATION fROM YOUR LOCAl DAY CARE CENTER 

In lact , thc tl'chlll4Ul' has provcn su 
atmlctiw tl'.m till: Dl'p.lrtll1l'nt uf Energ)' 
b wnsidl'n ng a lunnal Los Alamus 
propusal for a nL'w. murL' aJvanceu RFI' 
expenmL'IlI, callcu ZT-H. 

Thc compact, ZT --fOM, at tl'n -fet'[ 
al'russ , b thL' largest uf [he Lab', [WO 
RFP ~Xpl'/'lllll'ntS . ThL' u ther, a lllaChllll' 
unl)' .Ibuut threL' fect across. IS a 
protot)'pe fllr the pTLlpused Illllnw-un 
ZT -H luslUn device. 

SCICntlstS sa)' [hts next gL'lll'I"JlIIIIl 
RFP JCVICC \\'uulJ bring the Lib within 
llnL' stcp 01 all -ignitlun" c;>;pnillll·nt- a 
lll.lChllll' where thL' lusiun lire rl'm'lins 
III h)' lIS own hL'.It, somL'thing )'l't til be 
,Ichln'cu III the Iabm-..wr),. 1 hc RFI' 
<':<.lIlCl'pt " pl'lljc.:tl'd tu igllltL' 
"llhl'lllicallr ," tl1.lt is tll S.I)'. heated by It> 
.. )\\' 11 currell!. '1 hiS wlluld a\'<lid the: 
l'llll1ple:- .luxili.lI)' he.ltlllg S)'Stl'11IS that 
are .111 Illll'gral palt III' 1Il .. l:it <.lthn IUS I<.l1l 
,lpprLl.lclw,. 

Rfl' prugrJm. Impurt.11lt ph)'slc, 
L';>;pcrimems in rl'wl'Sl'd-Iklu pinch 
prlljl'C1S are uncIL'lwa)' at uthn sites , 
incluuing: GA TL'chnoJ..lgil's, Sail Dll'gO 
~lulldl'J b)' Phillips PL'truleum, 
Oklahuma); as well as III Japan, Grl· .. lt 
Urit.lin ,1llJ 11iI1}'. ThiS rl''''arl:h suppurt s 
rc'sliits from Lu, Alamus .• IIlJ hdps 
h('lKldl'n d 'l, ms in the ndcI . 

Lus Aial1l<.ls has plonel'reu luslun 
puwer sciencc, hqll11ning in IY5l with 
PrUjl'C1 Shl'lWOOO-tlll' natilll1's hrst 
pl\lgr,lI11 in cl1I1trollL'd thl'nnunuckar 

re~"lrch . CurrelltI)', a nUlllhcr 01 I, 
pl'lllllising appro.lchl's gl·.lrL·U lU\\'ard 
Ul'\'L'IUplllg a elllllllll'('c ial fusiclll ('l'.lclllr 
arl' lInJlTllla), 111 this count!)·. . 

Fusiun', strong IJUIiU is that its Iud 
\I·<.luld he hllth inl')(h,lustihk anJ 
Illl"Ilt.'llSlVL' , ell11li 11g fTLl11l oruin'I!) ' 
1V.ltl'l'. AIs" 11ISIIHl R'.lctllrs w<.lulJ hl' 
rl'l.lIi\·l'Ir Slx'.lkmg, ekalll'l' alld Solie;' 
th.1Il IbslUIl 1111ckar pllWl'l' rcactllr, IILl\\' 
III USl'. 

Cl lllllllCrCI.tI rL'.llllr " 
Some ~ll physicbt,. c nginccrs .llld 

tL'chl1ici.llb .11'1: 1Il\·,."'l'd in the L.lh·s (Hiatt Desi~n)b -Ren~e Wenrick 
rsectiol~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
• o 

~ Pink triangles symbolize gay history 
As you walk across campus and see the posters 

proclalmmg thiS Gay Awareness Week, you may notice 
the use of an inverted pink triangle to signify a gay event. 

Many gays at UCSD wear small enamel versions of the 
pink triangle pmned to their clothing as well. But the 
association between gays and pink tringles did not begin 
at UCSD. In fascist Germany.Jews were not the only ones 
persecuted by the Nazis; many other "undesirables" were 
subject to the same treatment. Among them were 
SOCialists, gypsies and homosexuals. Each group was 
forced to wear an identifying 'iymbol; for Jews it was a 
yenow six-pointed stars, for homosexuals, a pink 

run~. ~ 
Uttle information is available on the situation o( 

homosexuals in Nazi Germany, yet hundreds 01 
thousands of homosexuals were interned in Nazi 
concentration camps. Since they were assigned to the 
lowest position in the camp hierarchy, they were terribly 
abused by both guards and other prisoners, and most 
perished . 

Those homosexuals who survived Nazi internment 
and emigrated to America remained silent about their 
ordeal-understandably, considering that theit 
entranc.e here would have been barred by the 
Naturahzatlon and ImmIgration Service if their 
homosexuality had come to light. 

Gays' usage of the pink triangle was revived in the late 
'60s, probably around the time of the Stonewall Riots. 
The popular ga~ b~r Stonewall in New York City had 
been raided penodtcally (along with other gay bars) by 
the New York City Police Department, and inJune 1969 
was the site of ~iole~t clashes between gays and police. 

Today, the pmk tnangle IS used m connection with an 
gay events, such as the Gay Pride Parades held 
nationwide in June and the Gay Awareness Week 
activities offered at UCSD this week. 

T~e pink triangles seen on posters, banners, shirts, 
e~mngs, and even tattoos serve as a reminder of gay 
history. 

-Burgess Duipan 

.1 
~.j~} 

Thu~day, May 2, 1985 3 

Bates' budget bill may force UC divestment 
$10r-$ divestment for building budget 

By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Correspondent 

A KEY LEGISLATOR reviewing the University of California budget is keeping alive a strategy [0 hold 
up approval of the fiscal package until 
the Regents give in 10 student demands 
for divestment. 

Assemblymember Robert Campbell, 
chair of the Ways and Means 
Subcommillee on Education, said on 
Monday, April 22, that the Regents 
ought [0 be pressured 10 divest and that 
he was willing to use the budget 10 do 
it . 

"I try nO! to embarrass anyone if I 
don't have to, but when I was in college 
we were talking about what a terrible , 
awful thing apartheid was, and here we 
are 30 years later and we're still talking 
about it ," the Richmond Democrat said. 

"We still support campuses and 
colleges with money there . ... If Stanford 
can do it, UC ought to be able to do it. 
They should have pressure put on them 
10 do it," he added. 

But what form that pressure may 
take-delaying committee approval of 
the $l.6 billion budget or CUlling a $151 
million capital outlay budget which 
hasn 'l been considered yet- depends 
on what Assembly Speaker Willie Brown 
wants. 

Brown's statements at a UC Berkeley 
rally last week produced speculation that 
the UC budget may suffer from the 
Increasing protests over UC mvestments 
lied [0 South Africa . 

Brown was asked by UC Be rkeley's 
representative in the Legislature , 
Democrat Tom Bates, to postpone all 
budget hearings until UC Preside nt 
David Gardner testified on the issue . 

OCT 
campus recreation 

But Brown said through an aide hours 
after his Berkeley appearance that he 
doesn't intend to hold up the budget, 
although he would welcome Gardner's 
testimony on divestment. 

Gardner said last week he could not 
react [0 Brown's statements, and he stiU 
had 1)0 comment on Monday. 

"It's important to nOll' that he I Brown] 
didn't say that it was going to happen," 
UC Spokesperson Valerie Sullivan said. 
"He came JUSt shon of threatening the 
budget." 

Campbell said he realizes the Regents 
do not vOle on divestment until their 
June meeting after the Legislature has 
sent the budget [0 Gov. George 
Deukmejian. 

Campbell has threatened the UC 
budget before this session, when UC 
opposed his bill granting handicapped 
s tudents free parking. Campbell said in 
a later interview he should have 
researched the issue further but would 
bring his proposal up for a vote again 
next year. 

"I don 't want to hurt the students or 
faculty, so cutting the budget doesn't 
make sense. CUlling the capital outlay 
budget does make sense: Bates said . 

In addition to suppOrt for his dollar-
for-dollar divestment proposal , Bates is 
seeking Brown 's endorsement of a 
proposed srudy in divestment the 
Regents would submit to the Legislature 
next year. 

If the Regents divested $151 million 
through Bates' capital outlay plan, the 
Regents would discuss divesting the rest 

> CONllNUED ON PAGE 8 > 

MAY 11 
9AM-12N $8 
~:UJltr fr c. lI vl·~ic. Itlralglu (rum ) lIur lI\\n t;.JrllclI . " 
IlIo"lI: r gunlcnrr ",iU h:1I you hu.., lu pntllt! rl" )In.! I,ar!! 
)uur IIoml .. II..! Ilow tu ,,-icc ' Ih e curred (crhlu:rn .&IId 
I'hlllh . I't·.t cUlllrul w.1I ul~u I".. lll"'Lu.n~J . kuru II. 
t;ruw l a r t;c r .. J rille lultUiluc . .. n.1 nlUutll.walt' rll' ~ 
tut'lOll , 

Sign up and details at x4OJ7 
Canyonview Administrative Offices 
Deportment or Phvslcal EducatlOO 

Spend a Day At 

Cu ht'hllld tilt' tJCClh~ ~ uud I.'arn from the c'pcrh abhut 
lUurllll~ prc(I..llor .. prcy rcluliullahipa, fuod 1')· r.lInld ~, 
uud 'lIIilll~1 ~.uluptaliona, Tllell &pcnJ tllC •. &fIt=fIlOUIl al 
your Icill urt vieWing Sen World ' tJ IIUIIIY llqudtn' ;, hu'ft's 
uml cxlulJil3. 

OCT 
campus recrealion 

SAT MAY 11 
10AM-5PM $14 

Sign up and dotalls at x4OJ7 
Canyonvlew Administrat ive Offices 
Department of Phvslcal Educallon 

Speaker Brown endorses plan 
By JANE ROSENBERG. Sacramenro Cormpondent 

A SSEMBLYMEMBER TOM BATES' dollar-for-dollar divestment proposal is shaping up [0 be the 
focal point of the Democrats' plan 10 
force the University of California to 
divest. 

The plan to restrict the use of $151 
million in capital outlay funds was 
endorsed last Thursday by Assembly 
Speaker Willie Brown, one week after he 
hinted that the UC budget may suffer 
due to the increasing protests against 
UC investment policy. 

"I love it. I love the idea," Brown said 
of Bates' proposal , whic h would require 
the University 10 divest one dollar for 
every dollar it spends on construction 
projects. 

Bates , who represents the UC 
Berkeley campus, said he would formally 
propose the Idea [0 the Assembly Ways 
and Means Subcommittee on Education 
when it begins reviewing the capital 
outlay budget. 

A budget hearing has been sc heduled 
for Tuesday, but sources say it may be 
postponed , nOt necessarily for reasons 
related to the current controversy. 

"This would mean that no educational 
oppurtunities would be damaged," Bates 
said . "It wo uld simply delay the capital 
outlay budget, something which I frankly 
think is ve ry near and dear [0 the 
Regents.n 

Brown said the c hair o f the education 
subcommittee, Democrat Robert 
Campbell of Richmond , convinced him 
this week to leave the base budget alone 
and that Bates' proposal was the way 10 
go. 

"Thi s might be kind of embarrassing. 

A.S. PROGRAMMING 

cr. 

but I didn't have anythmg in mind at 
the moment," Brown said of his speech 
at a UC Berkeley rally, where he told 
protestors that the Regents should pray 
for "divine guidance" on the budget if 
they don't divest. 

"I went down there without any idea 
of a programmatic thing .... But when 
11 members of the Board of Regents 
have investments in companies that do 
business in South Africa;you really have 
to do something. 

"When I got back here (from a 
Washington, DC, trip this week), my 
words were more accurate than I 
thought: he added. 

Assembly Democrats have been 
tossing around Bates' idea as well as 
postponing aU budget hearings until UC 
President David Gardner appeared 
before the Legislature, this week as they 
waited for direction from Brown. 

"The course of action will be the one 
Mr. Campbell's subcommillee will be 
taking," Brown said . "I will vOte as a 
member of the Board of Regents and 
encourage Mr. Campbell's subcommillee 
to do its work .... I won't step on their 
turf: 

On Wednesday, Gov. George 
Deukmejian tried to dissuade effons to 
cut the budget, saying he hoped 
Assembly Democrats weren't "serious" 
about using that method 10 bargain with 
the Regents. But Brown said Thursday 
he d idn't think Deukmejian would velO 
budget language incorporating Bates' 
proposal. 

"The way 1 see it, the Governor is in a 
wi n-win pos ition." Brown said . "He can 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 

------------------------------------------------
-- --- ---

------------_.---------- - --. --------------

---
- - - - ----------------- - --- - --~ 



Ramsey Clark talks about divestment 
By MATTHEW J, CRONIN, OpiniOns Editor 

Monday afternoon, at th r sixth annual 
Earl Warren Memorial Symposium, "Liberty 
and Justice For All," the Guardian asked 
the featured lecturer, Ramsey Clark, a very 
tough question. Clark \I.1:lS nominated 
Assistant Attorney General of the United 
States by President John F. Kennedy and 
served until 1965. He was then nominated 
Deputy Attorney General by President 
Lyndon B. Johnson and served untt! 1967, 
when he was nominated Attorney General 
and served until January 20, 1969. 

The Guardian asked, "Attomey General, 
you VISited South Africa in 1971 . Do you 
feel that universities that invest with 
companies that do business with the white 
minority-apartheid government there are 
working within the basic principles of the 
US Civil Rights Act? Also, do these 
investments work within the guidelines of 
University Affirmative Action policy?" The 
following is Clark 's response: 

I oppose apartheid . I see the 
government of South Africa as 
constitutionalizing racism and 

Viewpoint 

segregation, using the law to enforce 
that wall. (It is heartbreaking) [Q observe 
a passpon trial there, ... to watch poor 
blacks realize that the verdict of this 
co un may mean they may never see 
their family again , to hear the English 
language used , with the defendant 
ignorant of it, with no one translating 
and the whole thing taking [WO minutes 
if it was a protracted litigation. 

I am puzzled and overjoyed to see 
students all over the country protesting 
peacefully their universities' investments 
in South Africa. When I think of 
Stephen Biko and how he "had to be 
killed" because of his enormous talent, 
when I think of the stunningly lonely 
courage of a lawyer named Nelson 
Mandela, and perhaps the even greater 
courage of his wife Winnie .. .. After all 
of these decades on Robin Island, we 
finally get an interview. At that time a 
reponer from The Economist who 
witnessed the event described what 
happened when Nelson Mandela walked 

into the counroom. He was perfectly 
attired, with books held under his arm, 
the white guards all in disarray, and he 
speaks with keen articulation. He then 
declines to be released after aU this 
solitude in the courtroom until he can 
be released in freedom. He will not go 
to a Bantustan. He wiU accept release 
when he can walk the streets of 
Johannesburg as a free man. 

And now I see our country as a part 
of the problem. The year I was there on 
the Fourth of July there were no blacks 
invited to the US Embassy to celebrate 
the anniversary of our independence. A 
bunch of us protesting that -disinvitation" 
act there got hit with a fire hose. 

Lincoln told us that you must never 
wrest your bread from the sweat of a 
slave laborer's brow. The return on US 
investments in South Africa has been in 
the magnitude of 28 to 36%. We decree 
causes ... (against investing) in 
something that prolongs a staggering 
human problem, (against investing in) 

policies of violence beyond 
endurance-we shouldn't do it! 

I favor (divestment)-and all 
deliberate speed won't work. Ten years 
after the Brown vs. Board of Education 
trial, one percent of the black children 
in 11 Confederate states were in desegre-
gated schools. It will take a miUenium to get 
the last child a real chance for a 
diversified education at that rate . 

There is not that kind of time in 
South Africa or any place else . There will 
be a biUion more people on Earth in ten 
years; there is no McNamara line that 
will keep the teeming hoards out of the 
United States. We have to stand up to 
those investments. Besides the modest 
economic suppOrt they give to a violent 
and racist ref' me, they give a profound 
psychologica support. If we were to 
withdraw it, it could lead to whatever 
chance there is for peaceful change . I 
think we should all refuse to 
cooperate-particularly Americans with 
our history- With that kind of racism. 

The danger of grass-roots collectivism 
By SCOTI BEGG 

I write to my fellow students who 
demonstrate against the Umversity of 
California Regents' mvestment in the 
American Corporations which do 
busmess in South Africa. 

I see what you have accomplished 
thiS last week as you sit-in before the 
Humamties Ubrary. You have 
symbolically christened the building the 
Wmnie Mandela Library. in the name of 
the spouse of the long- and unJustly-
imprisoned Nelson Mandela . You have 
orgamzed marches and mUSICal 
celebrations . and have televised ftlms 
documenting the racist atrocltles of the 
South Afncan nationahst regime. You 
have made the student body and the 
Regents well aware of the issue of 

dlve~titure . ThiS much you have done 
and done admirably. And yel I have 
questions. 

I suppOrt divestiture in prinCiple. I 
reahze that one effect of investment in 
South Africa may have been a minute 
improvement in the lot of some black 
Africans . I further realize that one effect 
of divesmure might well be an 
aggravation of the tensions within that 
nation . either of these eifects , however, 
addresses the cause of the black South 
Afncans' phght namely. the contmued 
financial prop of European and 
Amencan mvestments thai bolster the 

StatuS quo. In spi te of whatewr good 
may have resulted from the hiring of 
blacks by the American corporations, 
the very presence of their capital there 
functions as the obligate mainstay of 
apanheld . The conservative argument 
agai nst divestiture is simply not borne 
out by the facts: firstly, in spite of the 
Amencan corporations' allocations of 
funds for blacks' technical edu atlons, 
the corporations hire far more white 
employees than they do black, thi s 
despite the fact that the white 
population constitutes the mmority 
econdly. only 70.000 blacks are 

employed by those corporations out of a 
total black population of 21 .000,000; 
this corresponds to only one-third of 
one percent of the black population. 
Thi rdly, as US corporations' investments 
have increased .over the years, so have 
human rights violations against the 
Indigenous blacks. The onus is upon the 
conservative , then. to demonstrate 
conclusively lhat Investment has led to 
significant progress In dismantling 
apartheid . ThiS they cannot do, because 
there exists no credible evidence that 
the prese nce of US corporations has 
served to ameliorate ractal injustices 
whatsoever. 

ThiS stated , however, I feci I must yet 
make several commenrs. I observed the 

march to the library and the subsequent 
sit-m last week, and I wondered about 
their ultimate purpose. Despite my 
agreement with their purported aims, I 
feel some trepidation here . 

Firstly, I must question the utili ty of 
continuing the sit-in. The Regents have 
already stated that they will meet in 
June to discuss divestiture; attempting to 
force them by public demonstration to 
meet in May instead might jeopardize 
the perceived moral Imperative of the 
anti-apartheid posi tion. It may very well 
be counter-productive in the long run . 

Acknowledging this, 1 must next 
question the vested interests of some of 
the Sit-in participants. Might there be 
present an ulterior motive in (hopefully) 
a minority of them that translates Into a 
chi c and self-congratulatory sensation of 
importance? I hope not, but one 
unfortunate instance of misguided 
zealotry stands out in mind: the 
embarraSSing and gratuitOus 
confrontations that occurred in the 
Revelle Cafeteria Sunday afternoon. 
There is absolutely no call for such 
nonsense as that. 

Fmally and most importantly, I do not 
cntlClze thoughiful assemblage here , but 
emotional assemblage. I must question 
this predilection of the blissful exchange 

EDITOR: PHlUP ~ 

of individual cognizance for the comfon 
of group insensibility. Why is there this 
unwarranted and almost knee-Jerk 
confide nce in grass-roots collectivism? 
Admittedly, collective action does forge 
political clout, and the demonstrations 
witnessed so far in no way represent 
any threat to local communities. 
Nevertheless, the execution of any mass 
action over individual effort-however 
benign-often entails the dangerous 
sacrifice of indiVidual thought. And this I 
fear greatly, for ineVitably, whenever the 
collect ive body masses, when the 
polemical emotions collec llvely surge. 
there is felt the concomitant attack of 
collective amnesia 

This. then. is my principal criticism . 
wholeheartedly suppOrt your goals. I 
agree with your position on divestiture, 
and I recognize the benign nature of 
yo ur demonstration . Yet I feel I must 
speak out against any mentali ty of pure 
emot ion. I am frightened by the power 
of naive sloganee ri ng that is alienated 
from thought. I tremble at the 
swallowmg up of individual reason by 
the digestive body of unreason. To 
power such a mass demands visceral-
not cerebral-fuel; once propelled, that 
body's momentum may wreak 
unexpected havoc. 

NEWS EDITOR: SEAN WAGSTAFF ASSOClAlE NEWS EDITOA: M tJUOH 
CONTPJDU11NG HEllS EDITON: Ll.VSMtCa\', RENt£ ~ 

OPINIONS EDITOR: MATTHEW J. CI\ONIN flmSllECTIVES EDITOA. ORACMl'\tMCU 
COfIY EDITOR: ~ HANSEN PHOTO EOITOA: flOG FNECENIHIIL SICMS EDfI'CIr lIUlA AGOS 
MTS E.~~C>,f':. ANDI\EW I<EElER ASSOCIAtE ~TS ~~.~ ........................ _ ............ _. 
GMPHIC MnSTS: JCHj ASKEE, T~ PlONl<A 
PHOTOGfWlHEM: JCHI ASKEE, KEV1N FOLEY. DA'M>IIMYIQ.If>WI. POGEI' fJONAOE. NOt PEcw(. Na 

SOFT1.£Y, ~ WEll 
STAfF WRITERS: MATT /IoD1W6, MMK INl1'ENllrnG DEDI COHEN, JC.W4 fOA5CmG. ANOI\EA ~ AONAIolJ .• 

V~ HUTCHINSON CHl\ISnNA MUS. I\OOERT L£ON E, 5UlANNE UrsON. LISA PAI<tI. JOHN 
SCHACHT. KATHLEEN SCHOll ~ STfJWIIS SU5Nt SWNAN LAURIE VOU<IN, Ot.WN 
WMRlNER 

PASTt:-UP AATISTS: JOHN ASHLEE, lAll\EN CONWAY. TOM McDON.Al.D, SHAAON NGOI, AIJ.JSON PINSKY, 5E.tiN 
WAGSTAFf 

TYPESET1'EJI.S: KEN FUP.lE. JAN HAN5EN, PHUP ~ DANIEl ~ 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: ~I:l. DIAMOND, WI HANSEN, PHl ~ CHNS ftIIJC£ 

Thursday, May 2. 1985 5 
D'>INI~ 
~. '"" . ~.".. *. ..... . . . . 

Viewpoint 

Zionism and apartheid 
By DAVID GAPPELL 

unfortunate' that the organizers lacked the foresight to 
screen the speakers; but my priciples won't allow me to 
ignore what has happened. Believe me, I feel horrible 
about having to criticize this movement in any way. 
Also, I'm sure that the controversial speakers do not 
represent the spirit of this protest. By the same token, 

Monday, April 22, was a good day for me. I was 
handed a white leaflet informing me of the Wednesday 
afternoon rally to protest apanheid and push for 
divestment The leaflet represented a chance for me to 
demonstrate against a racist policy which is both 
morally and politically wrong. I don 't want the 
University- of which I am an integral part-to have 
money invested in companies operating in South 
Africa. I viewed the rally as a constructive means to 
that end (divestment). I saw Wednesday as an 
opportunity for students to unite behind a common 
cause; to actively exercise our rights of free speech and 
send a long overdue messa~e : we have consciences 
and sensitivities which do not tolerate the present 
system of racism in South Africa. This would be the 
issue that, come Wednesday, would unite like-minded 
people in a show of strength and solidarity. 

When I arrived at the demonstation, I was not let 
down. The turnout was larger than I had expected. 
There was a tremendous sense of energy created (and I 
am sure felt) by evetyone present. Never before had 
the fight against apartheid taken on so much 
significance for me. I truly felt proud to hold up a sign 
handed to me by one of the organizers of the event. It 
was not long, however, before things took a tum for 
the worse. 

It began with a speaker addressing the crowd about 
the oppressive regime in Chile and warning us against 
another Viemam in Central America. Although I firmly 
agreed with aU that she was saying, I felt a little 
disturbed by the fact that she was not reaUy dealing 
with the main purpose of the raUy: end apanheid-
begin divestment. The crunch came when the two 
representatives of the All African Peoples Revolutinary 
Party took the floor. I was not at the protest to hear 
about Nkrumahism or Scientific Socialism. I was there 
to protest apartheid. I especially was not there to listen 
to the MPRP call for the destruction of Zionism. This , 
I am afraid, was too much for me. 

As a deeply committed zionist and member of the 
Israel Action Committee, I had suddenly found myself 
in a very uncomfortable situation. On the one hand, I 
wanted very much to be a part of the demonstation. 
On the other hand , I did not want to be associated in 
any way with what was being said. I was in a Catch-22 
situation: to leave would be to abandon a movement 
whose basic goals I strongly believed in and wished to 
suppOrt. To Stay would be giving taclt support to a rally 
which included speakers militantly opposed to one of 
my most fundamental beliefs. I rapidly became very 
alienated from the whole thing. I remained and 
partiCipated in the march but was unable to clap, 
chant or be at aU enthusuiastic. In a word. I felt 
betrayed. 

The more I dwelled upon what had transpired, the 
more I realized that I was not angry with those whose 
beliefs are so opposed to my owh; for this is a 
secondary issue, besides which, they are entitled to 
their own views. I did , however, resent those who 
organized the protest. Having attracted a large crowd 
to demonstrate against apartheid and advocate 
divestment, it appeared that we were being exploited 
to hear a plethora of political issues beyond the stated 
reasons for the rally. To me, it seemed to demonstrate 
an element of irresponsibility in the handling of the 
protest. 

1 later discussed my views with an editor of the 
Guardian (who subsequently chaUenged me to write 
this article). He told me to look beyond the particular 
offense to the greater good of the protest as a whole : to 
consider the demonstration "wholistically" as opposed 

to viewing it from a "self-righteous" and narrow 
standpoint. He suggested that criticism of what was 
obviously nO! the basic intent of the raUy would only 
detract from its overall goals. 

This logic employed by this editor has some 
disturbing implications worth looking at. For instance, 
if one were to apply his reasoning to President 
Reagan 's upcoming trip to West Germany, then one 
would be inclined to remain silent on the issue of his 
scheduled visit to the cemetery at Bitburg, despite its 
repugnancy to veterans and the jewish community. 
After all , in the broader interests of stronger US-West 
Germany ties, support for the Khol government etc., 
any criticism of the visit would only detract from the 
overall goals. This would be especially so in light of the 
fact that the cemetery visit is only a small pan of his 
entire trip. The flaw in this reasoning is apparent. In 
truth, one would have to say that it is unfonunate that 
the administration set itself up in such an 
embarrassing situation in scheduling Bitburg, yet by no 
means should we tum a blind eye in deferrence to the 
overall goals of the trip. 

Getting back to the rally, I would say that it is 

Doonesbury 
~~ PV'~' ~ .1JIESIPENr, I 7HII< 7HI5 
15 A 5(J(5I)LU )fl/ CM I¥ 1 PflIJIP (F. IN Mf OPNCW, 

_ ~ 58QN6JIJ5T ~ 
• IlI6IfT'r«ITlCAL S/6NALS, 

" , 

I don't feel that I have much of a choice-it was taken 
away from me on Wednesday afternoon. It would be 
wrong to remain silent. 

It is so difficult to speak out against what one 
generally believes in . As a zionist, I faced this crisis in 
the wake of the Sabra-Chatilla massacres in Lebanon. 
And yet, I felt obliged to speak out in condemnation of 
Israel for nO! preventing the tragedy. As a student at 
UC5D, I am put in the pOSition of having to condemn 
a part of what 1 believe is essentiaUy just. 

There is no doubt in my mind that apartheid is 
wrong and divestment is right. I am equally sure that 
the actions taken by the concerned facurty, staff and 
students on this campus and nationwide are both just 
and necessary. Furthermore, the last thing I want to do 
is to create an issue that could serve to weaken this 
cause at UCSD. I am also aware that what happened 
on Wednesday has not been repeated and that the 
demonstration has been sticking to the issues at hand. 
There is no doubt that the protest has moved beyond 
the negative and has remained true to its goals in a 
constructive and concerted effort. It is only now, after 
having voiced this opinion, that I can once again feel 
good about joining such a positive project for change. 

Hf5 FINAL ASSl6NMEM 
lJEHINlJIIIM, a;A~ 15 
NOW EJPf:CTtP 70 roRN 
HIS ATTENTIaV 7D 
salClTlNG 8IJ5/N5S5 
FOIl. HIS NEW 

Pol? FI/tM. 
f 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

The horne of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

i 
~ ~ ,({t:volta/~m ~ ! ('{\ & !lOll. 

uCSD I! _l.-::7-~ M' .... ma'~d 
UVljo. I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

I lIIIIIII __ !!!!-------------------!-!!!~II!I~-'I 
,. _ ..----ALL AMERICAN-MEAL -- "fPi+. 

"reclslo" ",'e cutl for _II $lJ (reg. $18) 
free""" ."Ie cllCl fIN _II "0 (reg. $15) ~ Quarter P"unJer ' wilh Cheese, Large Fry, ...: .. II ~ M"Jium-Siu.' Soh Drink Cash-""" I IOol~nl II 

DlrudolUll perrru UJ (reg. $«1) Sc .. I,c_1I ~,. ((M" _I ,,, (reg. $«1) 
....,.,c .. ~. "'1Ik .. ~ ''' (reg. $181 Cell.,...e $15 (reg. $}jl 

OM ItotIr tac"" 11_ $1' (reg. $J" 
OIIe Ito", ...... 11_ $1J (reg. $Jj) 

$p«i'liJU In bYe" IY/r 
A full Jeruict .ilIon 

7608 Until VI.,. ffd. (I'ftJl College Dr. it 1631 ~J 
I'M • .Il1011 (fotmtr1!J ~ JoI~ Cutting Co.) 7J7 f'url St .. ~ JoI~ 

.,,",,70 .,,",.,J 
with MI witll _1«1Ild 

II LIIllII <'ne ,oupon per J $1 99 11 II CU> t<lIllcr. pa VISH pic .. ,,,· US t . II 
II prc'>cnl coupon wh en (plus tax) II on.lcnng "'"l \',lhJ With ,tn\ II II lHhcr,ll ler Only al : 
II 7140 Miramar R.I. II 

~ S.n """ (mj. ~ ~~~~ 2~ht~~5 ,~ 
__ iiiliiiii iii iii iii iii - • iii iii iii iii iii iii 



n <eilit<elr III <ellit<elr Ill<eilib 
~<elr~lettersn<ellit~lr~ 

rr~ll<eilit<eIr~ll~ilit<err~n<f 
Chronicle illness 
Editor: 

As I was reading The Guardian today, 
I was delighted to come across Michael 
Greenberg's interview with Chris Evert-
Uoyd. At first I was amazed and 
impressed that Greenberg even obtained 
an appointment with her, but his 
justification seemed c redible enough. I 
liked the story-Greenberg is a preny 
good writer. In fact, he's so good that 
his style reminded me a lot of Lowell 
Cohn's, who is the sportS editor for The 
San Fran CISCO Chronicle. Cohn is 
considered by many people to be one of 
the greatest sports writers ever, and it's 
apparent that Greenberg admires him, 
too. Actually , Greenberg likes Cohn's 
writing well enough to copy an entire 
column of Cohn's and use it as his own . 
Starting with the sentence "Thin face 
and lips .. .," in the third paragraph , the 

remainder of Greenberg's article is taken 
verbatim from Cohn's February 22 
column. I have enclosed a photocopy of 
the original intervIew by Cohn so that 
you can verify this . 

It seems to me that your sportS editor 
or copy editor should have caught the 
discrepancy in style berween Cohn's 
short, sharp phrases and Greenberg's 
own compound sentences that appear 
in his preface. I'm suprised no one did 
because there must have been a 
difference in the amount of editing 
needed by the rwo sections. 

At what recent tournament did 
Greenberg supposedly interview Evert-
Uoyd? It seems to me that a story about 
one of the world's greatest tennis players 
would be big enough to print as soon as 
possible after the conclusion of the 
tournament. Greenberg doesn't even 
specify the name or date of the event, 
or Evert-lioyd's finish in the 
tournament. What kind of decent 
reporting is that? Perhaps your. sports 
editor allows Greenberg free reIgn WIth 
his stories based on the stature of his 
past interviews. It would probably be a 

good idea for her to compare . . 
Greenberg's already-printed stones wtth 
some of Lowell Cohn's other columns to 
identify any trend that may be present. 

Be assured that the Chronicle will 
receive a copy of Greenberg'S story. 
Blatant plagiarism is one of the lowest 
acts a journalist can perform, and it 
cannot be ignored. . 

Name withheld 
Editor's noce: No, plagiarism can be 
neither ~nored nor excused. and it won't 
be. It would be difficult Jar the Guardian to 
checR every story handed in against 
every newspaper article in the world; a 
certain degree oj journalistic ethiCS on 
the part oj the wnter is exptcttd. and 
Plone was demonstrated in this case. Mr. 
Greenberx will nO( write Jor this publication 
again . and we apolOgiZe to our readers Jor 
this incident. 

Slamming our coverage 
Editor: 

Wdl, onct: agdin the good gU}/S have 
gotten till' sh.lft. Th( UCSD Glltmll<III, III 
p.lrllcubr the SportS Dq".lttIl1C111, h'ls 
f.llied to recugnizl' Ihl' dlorts .lI1d 

successes or .\11 intercollegl ~\[e te,lll1 
("Sports Club") that has hold "n 
llU[standing year. The UCSD kl T eJm 
h;!s done plenty 10 write Olbout. We sent 
Ol WOll1l' n'S te..lm to tl1l' Natlon;!1 
Colkgl.lte Ski AsSOCiation's National 
Ch;!mpionships in Id;!ho (th.lt', .1 firs t!) 
and the tl'am .IS a whole won till' 
Southern Califo rnia Collegiate Ski 
Conference Ch;!mpionship owr Santa 
Bolrhar..l (also .1 first ). The wOll1en's team 
won the league title lind the men got 
lo unh phH:e over..l ll . 

Wl' fed th.l[ w, haw done mllch to 
make thi s campus proud to have us .IS a 
tl" lm , ~ll1d we arc honestly prllud 01 
uursdves, We strungl), red th.lt the 
sae r! nce, Wl' have m'lde have been 
ow rwhdmingly worth it. We are , 
however, considerolhl), and Justill.lbly 
upset wirh )'llur publication. With all Illy 
hind ' Ight I wum.!er why I kept waHing 
lor }'UU gu)'s to write ,lhllUt US when I 
knew It wouldn't happen . So much Illr 
"t:umprehensivc" sports cllve r.lge and so 
mllch lor thl' UCSD GllurJIUII. 

Heidi Littenberg 
Secretary, UCSD Ski Team 

University Ford 
Has a spedaI gift for upcoming gt'8duates 

Vehicles Included 
In the Plan. 

You may choose a 
new 1985 Thunderbird, 
LID, Tempo, Mustang, 
Escort , Bronco II or light 
trucks up to F-250. 

+Pre-Appl'O\led Credit. 
Just meet three simple 

conditions: 
• You must have verifiable employ-
ment that begins within 120 days of your 
vehicle purchase at a salary sufficient to cover 
ordinary living expenses and your vehicle payment. 
• You must have proof that you have graduated or will graduate 
and be awarded at least a bachelor's degree within 120 days. 

For more information contact 
UNIVERSITY FORD 

• Your credit record, if 
you have one, must indi-
cate payment made as 

agreed. 
+ +$400 Pun:bue 

Allowance. 
Make your best deal, .. use the 

$400 as a down payment or receive a 
$400 check directly from Ford after the sale. 

FORD 

no c ............ North ......... CAnt ... 
87·1001 

Thursday, May 2, 1985 7 
NE~ 

,. • 'Y' ~ z ' ~. . ~..:: 

Center for Coastal Studies 
Scripps receives $340,000 in computers 
By KATHLEEN SCHOLL,StaJfwnter 

A $340,000 COMPUTER SYSTEM has been awarded to UCSD's Scripps Institution of Oceano-
graphy by the Data General Corporation 
under its corporate donation program to 
non-profit educational institutions. 

The state-of-the-art computer system 
will be used by the almost five-year-old 
Center for Coastal Studies for the 
gathering, storage and processing of 
literally billions of bits of information 
that are received from their field data. 

According to Vanessa Cunningham, 
management services officer, the Center 
for Coastal Studies has been created out 
of a number of different departments at 
Scripps and made into one cohesive 
unit. 

"Our three major working groups are 
Marine Archaeology, then the 
Hydrologics Laboratory, which is an 
experimental modeling facility . What it 
does is simulate environments from the 
near-shore area. We have wave basins 
that simulate beaches to deep oceans 
with full pressure environments. All 
these are essentially small microcosms. 
And then there's the Shore Processing 
Lab. Our preliminary focus is physical 
oceanography and ocean and coastal 
dynamiCS everywhere from the eroding 
coasdine to the edge of the continental 
shelf. We study near-shore dynamiCS; 
we know everyrhing that is going on OUt 
there in the surf zone ," Cunningham 
said, 

Other areas of study by the Center 
include sediment transport, lagoons, 

estuaries and transport in rivers and 
deltas. The Center for Coastal Studies 
also does much of its work worldwide 
and has sites in Egypt , Israel, Italy and 
Mexico which are manned by sc ientists 
trained at Scripps. 

The Center wiU therefore be utilizing 
the new MY 10000 computer system to 
analyze data and the programs which 
will be used by the staff at the Center. 

"In simphstic terms ," explains 
Cunningham, "these programs used in 
the computers will rrovide a 
mathematical mode for a theory or 
supposition; feeding the data in the 
computer can automatically create the 
model. It can create a model and then 
essentially a data overlay so that you can 
see whether your model fits." 

While other departments that are 
federally funded have in recent years 
faced cutbacks in grant money and 
funds, the Center for Coastal Studies, 
according to Cunningham. "is one of 
lhe few departments that is still growi ng. 
We've doubled our personnel and 
tripled our funds in the last five years , 
which is significant; we happen to be 
on a hot topiC." 

The reason for the' Center's growth, 
she adds, is that "with the terrible 
storms that have been taking place in 
the winter, people are interested in why 
that's happening, whether or not it's 
predictable, or why the predicted tides 
seem to be different than the actual 
tides. All of the beach cities call us on a 
regular basis." 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair srylists, 

Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg. $25 
Men S10, reg. $19 
For appointment , please call 457·2930. 
8950 VIlla La 10lla Or., Suile 2120, La 10lla 
(behind 1::1 Torito & Rodeo · directly across the ramp) 

MAKE KINKO'S 
YOUR BINDING CONTACT 

Organize reports, presentations, manuscripts, manuals 
and more. Add the professional touch with special 
bindings at Klnko's. 

• VELD 

457-3775 

·SPIRAL 

aw Villa La Jolla Dr, 
(Near Ralphs a Sav-On) 

The federal government's interest in 
the Center's findings are more militarily 
related, Cunningham said . 

"For instance, if they wanted to bring 
a submarine into a ce rtain area , they 
need to know whether or not there's 
going to be sand deposition or sand 
disappearing. It's a very common 
problem for Navy harbors , where you 
bring a submarine in for work to be 

Brown 
< CONllNUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
agree with the Regents , or if they tlo sO'me-
thing he doesn't like, he can criticize it. He 
doesn't lose anything on this ." 

In addition to the core group 
debating legislative options Ihis week, 
other Assembly Democrats have signed 
onto the pro-divestment lobby through a 
lener Bates delivered to Gardner on 
Wednesday. 

"It is our opinion that our great public 
universiry should not use its public 
funds to support, either direcdy or 
indirectly, a regime which has an 
appalling record in the area of human 
nghts. 

"The time has come to put our 
interest where our principles are: the 
letter concludes. 

Key legislators signing the letter 
include Gwen Moore of Los Angeles, 
who has sponsored open meeting 
legislation for the Regents in the past.; 

done and the work is fi nished three 
months later and they can't get out. 

"Sediment management," says 
Cunningham, "in general is something 
that our group is an expert in, and we 
design sediment management systems, 
different ways of controlling the 
depOSition of sediment or the 
disappearance of it. In fact, we have a 
patent pending on one right now." ~ 

Sam Farr of Monterey, who is ca rrying a 
bill allotting biotechnology research 
money to UC; Tom Hayden of Santa 
Monica, chair of the Assembly 
Education Subcommittee on 
Postsecondary Education; john 
Vasconcellos of Santa Clara, chair of the 
Ways and Means Committee; and 
Teresa Hughes of Los Angeles , chair of 
the Assembly Education Committee. 

In total, 23 legislators Signed the 
letter. 

In other anti-apartheid developments 
in the Capitol, the Attorney General's 
office has announced it has received a 
proposal for a ballot initiative 
condemning South Africa. 

The initiative, submitted by the 
Sacramento-based American Roundtable 
group, would call on the Governor to 
urge the President to enact "appropriate 
feder.tllegislation expressing the public 
policy against any form of government 
using apartheid as a means of political , 
social and economic exclusion, such as 
the policy of. . . South Africa." ~ 

Family Planni:ng: 
a choice, a responsib1l1ty 

oanft'ential • ;c4E 1".·' · afraIoda1a1e 
..... ~ .... , 

with results wh1le you walt 
• Unplit.nned pregnancyl 
general or 100&1 anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exams 
Rer.1 FturtiJy Planllilll 
...., AssocUJus MrdiuJ Group 

SanDIefJ 
6496 AIvVIdo Rd. 
(111)187·" 

On<' Way 
From 

$327 
$399 
$429 
$379 
N/A 
$399 

Round Trip 
From 

$648 
$738 
$738 
$698 
$858 
$738 

Also nights 10 London, Fl'3nkfun. Geneva and Nice. 
Our fares include all taxes and charges! 

c.II COUNCIL .... l1li 
452-0630 

in the Student Center 
Cuuncil Travel is the trawl division ul ClEE. 

AMERICA'S OLDEST CHARTER COMPANY 



8 Thursday, May 2, 1985 
NEItJS 
'. ~ ,~ .• :-.:~. ~ -.:' ~ . ~ . _ :-. »:. '... r • , 

Divestment 
< CONllNUED FROM PAGE} <.: 
of their $2 .6 billion Invested in 
companies with ties to South Africa in 
the report, Bates saId. 

The Democratic leadership'S plans for 

the UC budget aren't likely to be favored 
by Assembly Republicans. 
Assemblyrnember Bill Leonard , who 
chairs the Ways and Means 
Subcommittee on Employee 
Compensation , said he wouldn't 
postpone his hearing on a proposed 
8.8% salary hike for UC faculty even if 
Speaker Brown requested it. 

"I'd be very reluctant to link the two 
issues," said Leonarcl , a Redlands 
Republican. "The reason for this is that 
the UC budget doesn't hurt the Regents. 
It hurts the faculty and the students. I 
also hav: n't reached a conclusion on 
the best wa), to pressure South Africa , 
whether it be economic isolation or 
economic pressure ." 

The UC Student Lobby announced 
Monday that it would oppose any 
attempt to hold up the budget. The 
Student Lobby has negotiated for the 
University when the Legislature has 
threatened hostile action, and the lobby 
may do so again on the divestment 
issue, Lobby Director Jim Lofgren has 
said. ~ 

Today's pace is faster than ever before. 
And the future is bound to be even more 
demanding. 

So to help you get a better grip on all 
your banking needs, Home Federal has 
laken a giant step into the future . 

The Future Of 
Banking Convenience 
With a Home Federal AnytimecardsM you'll 
see how fast and flexible banking can be, 
For instance, you can now use it in any S1).R 
SYSTEM automated teller machine . 

~ That means you can FI< withdraw your money 
.. with the push of a 

G Y S T E M button at over 1,000 
S1).R SYSTEM ArMs throughout California. 

You can also use all Home Federal in-
lobby Personal Banking Machines and all 

AnytimeTeller machines to access up to 
ten Home Federal accounts. You can even 
use it to pay for gas and groceries at 
selected ARCO AM/PM Mini Markets. 

And that's just the beginning. Soon 
you'll use your Anytimecard nationwide for 
even more services at more locations. 

To get an Any timecard is easy. And fast. 
Just walk in to any Home Federal office. 
Choose your own Personal Identification 
Code (PIC). And within minutes, you'll 
walk out with an Anytimecard. 

And to introduce you to the future of 
banking convenience, Home Federal 
invites you to enter ... 

The Ticket To The 
Future Sweepstakes 
Just visit any Home Federal office for a 
complete Sweepstakes package, the rules 
and regulations and an Anytimecard. 

But hurry, the more entries you 
complete before the deadline of May 31, 
1985 the better chance you have of 
winning one of these prizes: 

\ 
\ 
\ 

"",.",.1 

GRAND PRIZE (One) A 7-day vacation 
for two to visit the Kennedy Space Center, 
Walt Disney World and EPCOT Center 
PLUS an IBM Personal Computer System, 
FIRST PRIZE (One) A 26-day cruise for 
two through the Mediterranean, across 
the Atlantic to the Canary Islands and 
through the Caribbean to Miami.· 
SECOND PRIZES (200) A deluxe Pierre 
Cardin designer garment bag. 
nllNGS OUR lAWYERS KNEW YOU'D WANT TO KNOW: 
Trips include airfare Ind accommodAtions. All panicipants 
must receive a cllPI' of the Rules ItId Rqulltiolls, must 
be 18 ~ars old (or older) Ind be I CIIifornii resident. 
No purchase required. 
·~"W Royal Cruise Line 

ASSETS S9 BIWON 0 OVER 150 OFFICES SERVING CAUFORNIA 0 HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS AND L~N ASSOCIATION 0 MEMBER FSlIC 
CHECK THE YELLOW PAGES FOR THE OmCE NEAREST YOU, 

UCSD meets VCB 

Onevoice 
speaks 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

"The whole revenue system has to be 
revised as to make the peasants ' good its 
primary concern. But .the government seems 
10 be designed to crush the very love out oj 
our people .... Nothing but organized non-
violence can check the organized violence oj 
this government. " 

-Mahauna Gandhi 

T HE JOURNEY OF ONE individual can often regenerate the march of the masses. Gandhi began 
his 24-day journey over 200 miles to 
make salt at the sea, an act forbidden by 
the oppressive and minOrity-ruling 
British, with a handful of hopefuls. This 
one journey unified a nation. 

Last Saturday, the UCSO Coalition for 
a Free South Africa movement decided 
it was time to send an individual on a 
journey to our nonhern University of 
California campuses to discover first-
hand what was happening there and 
call for a cooperative systemwide action 
to divest UC funds and stop apanheid 
in South Africa. 

The UCSO sit-in organizers selected 
one person (referred to hereafter as 
"Onevoice") to take photos and 
documentation of our actions to the 
Berkeley and Santa Cruz protestors, who 
were suspect of UCSD's commitment to 
the movement. 

Arriving at San Francisco, Onevoice 
went immediately to the phones seeking 
transportation to the Berkeley campus. 
While dialing, he was paged by his 
Berkeley contact, who was standing at 
the phone next to him. At the car, the 
con(act, an art major, handed Onevoice 
an eight-inch-think notebook of memos, 
letters, flyers and infonnation that had 
been gathered at Berkeley during the 
paSt 20 days of protest. 

The contents retraced the Berkeley 
protest. Twenty-two days ago, students 
took over Sproul HaD and Plaza, 
renaming them after Stephen Biko. 

A daily newspaper, The Bilfo Daily 
News, repons the day's agenda, news on 
protests from around the country, and 
general opinions. 

General pandamonium existed when 
Onevoice and his escon reached 
Berkeley. People in sleeping bags were 
scattered: communications, first aid and 
check-in tables occupied the left side of 
Biko's stairs; the food table occupied the 
right side; and behind aD this, the 
entrance to Biko HaU was completely 
covtred with banners and flyers used as 
a blockade. The communications 
network was set up on the first floor of 

Biko with phone trees and computer 
networking. On the second floor was 
the UC system's Associated Students 
offices. The next Roor was set up with a 
citizen's band radio. And the final floor 
was deSignated as general organizational 
offices. The responsibility of the CB 
radio men was to keep the hysterical 
pitch. Whenever things get boring, they 
find something to squawk about. 

The general meeting of the afternoon 
opened with a member of the United 
People of Color (UPC) group, which has 
been active in the anti-apanheid 
movement for a long time, expressing 
resentment towards the new wave of 
liberals, the sleep·in faction who are 
becoming very arrogant and who are 
dictating the strategy of the general 
movement. It was also pOinted OUt that 
there was a leadership vacuum, and 
leadership was anti-thetical to the 
collective process. Without the sit-ins, 
there would be no movement. 

Returning to the notebook, Onevoice 
realized these people had been 
hounding the Regents since January, 
and the May 16 meeting on divestment 
has come about entirely due to the 
students' effons. 

A CB radio repon of a fight occurring 
on the plaza initialed Onevoice to some 
of the problems at Berkeley. A very loud 
discussion was occurring between a 
Berkeley student and one of the street 
people. This type of disturbance is 
frequent . The sexual harrassment by 
street people has caused the feminists to 
set up a security system. 

At the evening mettng, Onevoice 
greeted the Berkeley students as our San 
Diew> representative, communicating the 
enthusiasm expressed here towards the 
movement. 

Then he announced UCSO's two 
desired actions: a Statewide general 
action in the fonn of a boycott of 
classes this coming Tuesday by the UC 
campuses, Cal State coUeges and junior 
coUeges in order to put political 
pressure on the Regents from within 
and Without our system; and the 
establishment of a satellite conference 
hookup. The hookup of the satellite is 
intended to create two regional centers, 

located at Berkeley for the nonhern 
campuses and UCSD for the southem 
region. Video equipment will uplink 
with the satellite and simultaneously 
broadcast conferences to each school to 
improve the network towards the goal of 
pressuring the Regents to divest while 
broadening the movement and 
generating more funds. Next Tuesday, 
during the boycott, the satellite action 
will begin. 

Shuttling down to UC Santa Cruz, 
Onevoice entered into an entirely 
different atmosphere of protest. The sit-
in is the center of the action, and an A-
frame building is being used for a 
nationwide network for the UC system. 
The Administration is very supponive of 
the students. The ChanceUor has already 
come out strongly against apanheid and 
for divestment of University funds. And 
even the police provide rides for 
student organ izers of the prateS(. 

Santa Cruz has had much less of a 
problem with resources than Berkeley 
because, since it has no Associated 

Thursday, May 2, 1985 9 

Student govemment to impede its 
financial requests and actions, it can 
gain help directly from the 
Administration. This includes office 
space, phone lines and computers. 

That night, Carol King sang for the 
general laid-back Santa Cruz protestors. 
For Onevoice it was a perfect way to 
top off a radical day at Berkeley. He fek 
the general attirude at Santa Cruz was 
similar to the repons we hear about 
UCLA.. Students are generaUy there to 
have a good time-a form of radical 
chic: being fashionably concerntd about 
South Africa. 

Riding to the airpon the next 
morning with a non-student, Onevoice 
discovered that an underdeveloped 
political consciousness can leam and 
discover the reality of the world through 
the teach-ins of the anti-apanheid 
organizations, 

Onevoice was met at the San Diego 
Airpon by two UCSO students whom he 
had not seen at the sit-in before his 
journey began. CJ 

--



10 Thursday. May 2. 1985 

Anti-apartheid protest 

Open House teach-in 
By CHRISTOPHER CANDLE. Perspectives Edlroy 
" F OR TWO HOURS, suspend your opinions, open your eyes, open your 

hearts. open your minds, let South Africa in." Quietly they came. quietly 
they sat, qUIetly they listened to the speaker- quieter than any library 

during midterms and far quieter than a classroom during a lecture. They are here 
for a Coalition for a Free outh Africa "tea h-in." 

The passion in the heart of the movement- the marches, the speeches, the arrests 
of fellow students at other UC campuses-has how risen to become the reason of the 
mind . Words ampli fi ed to 1,200 UCSD students last week to ignite our hearts have 
become nightly teach-ins on the Humanities Library balcony that enlighten our minds. 
Teach-ins create the highest quality of our education , a dialogue between students and 
teachers. 

UCSD will expand this dIalogue on divestment and analysis of apartheid to the San 
Diego community at the faculty-organized teach-in , tactically presemed during Open 
Hosue from noon until 5 pm in the Humanities Libraty Auditorium. Speakers will 
include: Leften Stravrianos discussing how the black South African struggle relates to 
world history since the 1945 colonization of British India. French Africa and the Dutch 
Empire of Southeast Asia ; Wonga Yanda explaining the black political movement in 
South Africa; and two South African black ministers. Rev. Gordon Mitchell and Dr. 
Banganjalo Goba. 

Two films will also be featured as a part of the "Crisis in South Africa" teach-in. 

" t 
::0 

~ 
~ 
£ 
lS 
lS 

--------------------~ ~ 
South Africa Belongs to Us is an intimate portrait and in-depth look at the Singular 
economic and emorional burden borne by five typical black women in South Africa. 
The women include: Martha, who lives on an arid "reserve" raising 13 children; Carol. 
a hospital cleaner forced to live in a prison-like barracks; Winnie, a public health 
nurse and resident of Soweto; Joyce. a live-in maid who cares for a white child while 
her own must live with relatives; and Muriel . a resident of the crossroads squatters' 
community. The first filmed interview with Winnie Mandela in 20 years- shor 
clandestinely-helps set a context for understanding the role of women within the 
unfold ing struggle for black consciouness and liberation . 

Depsite recent cosmetic changes in apartheid . the documentary Last Grave at 
Dimbaza , the second film in the teach-in, rerr , , s the best investigation of the 
devastating human costs of the apartheid syst.: in South Africa. So powerful is its 
indictment of a society in which the white population has the highest standard of 
living in the world , while that of the blacks is among the lowest . that the South African 
government produced a film to specifically counter its effect. The South African 
Minister of Labor says in the film , "The black man is in this country only to sell his 
labor." Black workers are restricted by law to the lowest paying menial jobs. After work 
they rerurn to squalid barracks in the townships, their families hundreds of miles away 
m the desolate Bantustans. Eighty percent of the black population has been herded 
into these "homelands"-whlch make up only 13% of the country's worst land. 

Grads join movement 

The teach-ins contmue nighrly. Last night one speaker called for "all people of the 
United States to encourage the oppressed in South Africa to continue their struggle for 
freedom and to continue their resistance against apartheid ." A photOgrapher's flash 
froze his raised ann . a torch against the night sky. The fire of his speech, the truth of 
his words, produces a listening, learning response few of us will ever experience in the 
classroom. Rising to their feet, the students asked the faculty panel, "Do you support 
apartheid?" "No." the seated professors responded. "Do you support the protest 
movement?" "Yes," the standing professors rallied . 'Then come back tOmorrow. and the 
next day and the next day and however long it takes to teach all the people of the 
atrocities of apartheid and what is needed to stop this injustice." Ii::l 

"In my six years here at UCSD as a 
graduate student, I have never seen us 
make a united effort to support our 
undergradu.ltes outside the classroom. 
They resisted the draft alone. They 
began this protest against UC 
investments in South Africa alone. Isn't 
it about time we join them in this cause 
that must succeed?" 

All 41 graduate students attending 
their first meeting last Monday at 5:30 
in HSS 6008 agreed that they must 
become more involved in the sit-ins. 
teach-ins and general systemWide strike 
being called for on Tuesday, May 7. In 
attendance were graduates from the 
Medical School and the Depanments of 
HiStory, Math. Literature, SOCiology, 
AMES, Music, Psychology. Anthropology, 
Warren Writing and EECS. Half of them 
were teaching assistants who were 
informed at the opening of the meeting 
by the Student Legal Services that "as 
long as the strike is only one day. your 
employment as a TA is not threatened." 

The graduates focused most of their 
attention on the upcoming strike 
proposed by the organizers here at 
UCSD and approved by the other UC 
campuses after a representative from our 
school took the proposal personally to 
the other campuses last Monday and 
Tuesday. Many graduates felt the word 
"strike" could have a negative effect on 
the outcome of the coming Tuesday's 
action and called for a word that would 
encourage rather than provoke more 
undergraduates , graduates, faculty and 

GENERAL EILCTKlC/ 
CAlMA CO~rANY 

Will be Interviewing 

HNew York Style Pizza" O~ 
~, PIZZ~~t.~ On Campus on May 9 

Who should apply? 
Math. Computer Science and 
Engineering majors with 
programming experience, 

for what positions? 
Software Design Eng. 

positions in various 
application areas such as 
Architecture, ME, Structural 
Eng .. EE. NC, PC. etc, 

Geometric Modeling 
SOftware Development 

Locations: 
san Diego and santa Clara 

Must act quickly- visit your 
Career Planning &' Placement 
office to request an inierv; w, 

.-

Free Delivery 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La J olla Village Square 

La Jolla, California 

587-0700 

,.----COUPON -----
I FREE 4-Pak : 
I with purChase ~ I 
: of any large pizza Lj~ -U I 
_ Coke 'L/ -
_ Diet Coke On~ coupon _ 

HOURS; Mon Thu r~, 500 pm 10:00 pm _ or Tab per pIzza -
Fn Sat Sun 5:00 pm to Midnight • - - - - - - - - - - - ---toupon (' APlrl'~ () JO M'j 

We accept: Visa, Mastercard. American Express & checks. 

Ristorante Mario, Italian Cuisine 
Receive a complimentary ~ liter of house wine when you enjoy any of 

our fine se'Jfood or Italian dinner entrees. 

staff to become involved in the anci-
apartheid movement. One suggestion 
was to label it "UC AID" for University 
of California Alternative Instruction Day. 

Representatives for the 
undergraduates described the extensive 
protest structure already involved: a 
steering committee (general planning), 
research and education committee 
(maintaining updates on campuswide 
actions and teach-ins), outreach 
committee (infonning the general 
community) and sit-in committee 
(maintaining quality and control on the 
library balcony). 

Responding to the undergraduates' 
example, the graduates staned: forming 
groups to telephone other graduates to 
inform them of the next meeting on 
Thursday, May 2, at 5:30 in HSS 6008; 
checking the class schedule and making 
contact with professors to ask them to 
postpone any midterms scheduled for 
May 7; joining the nightly sleep-in at 
the library; assisting in the teach-ins: 
and writing a letter to Chancellor 
Atkinson requesting that he not disperse 
the sit-in during Open House on May 5. 

The meeting ended with each 
graduate signing up to enlist faculty 
members from all depanments to attend 
the second faculty UC divestment of 
South Africa meeting on Thursday, May 
2. at noon in HSS 5038, where the 
faculty will be planning the May 5 Open 
House teach-in. IZ:] 

-Christopher Canole 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testi ng program wi II 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

LeARNiNG 
ceNTER 

Thursday. May 2, 1985 11 
~ealtES + 

. . ~ . ... m... ~ ".~;'; ~ 

I said, look calm, dammit 
By PHIL LAUDER 

T HERE ARE A LOT of phobias to choose from in modem-day society-they come in a 
wide variety of colors and styles to 
choose from . You can fear bugs or 
heights or styrofoam or water or needles 
or men in white coatS or closed rooms 
or stepping outside your house or the 
dark or anything and everything else . 
Most of us don't have too many of these 
phobias, and I doubt any of the list I 
have made is anything close to 
universal. 

when I made my first major speech. my 
only major speech , I guess. The entire 
eighth-grade class made these stupid 
speeches. and I was fortunate enough to 
have mine selected as one of the five 
best. I can see you're impressed. 
Anyway, for that distinguished honor. I 
and the four other "winners" -or is that 
"the four other winners and J"?-
anyway, we got to practice our speeches 
for weeks on end and present them at a 
special breakfast in front of friends and 
relatives and the five million people 
who belong to the Alpine Kiwanis Club. 

grabbed my 5x8 index cards-in order, 
I prayed-and marched to the podium 
at the front of the auditorium. 

The moment of truth . Stand tall, wait 
a second or two before starring, and 
give 'em hell. Harty. "Ladies and 
gentlemen. the title of my speech is. 
The Institution of Prejudice ... · My killer 
intro-hey. they're reeling now. 
"Throughout hiStory, there have been 
several institutions blahblahblah," and 
off I went. My voice was trembling ever 
so slighdy. My hands were trembling not 
even close to slightly, and I was 

all . Public humiliation . Shuffle the cards. 
deal them one at a time face down on 
the podium, leave the room, seek refuge 
in Brazil. 

I lost my place for maybe five 
seconds. and I don't think there have 
been five longer seconds in recorded 
history. I found my place again. opted 
not to travel to Rio, and continued with 
my speech. 

There is. however, one universal fear: 
the fear of public speaking. I fear it. you 
fear it. he fears it. she fears it. we fear it. 
they all fear it-any way you conjugate 
it. you've got fear. 

But why? Why does getting up in 
front of the class scare the hell out of 
us? When you think about it, we're in 
front of people all the time; when you 
walk through the middle of the Plaza. 
tens of pairs of eyes follow you through 
your trek. But most of us don't tremble 
as we walk. At least I don't think we do. 

My hands were trembling not even close to 
slightly, and I was extremely conscious of them; 
moreover, I knew that that was the onry thing 
everyone in the joint was staring at. 

Several weeks later it was over. The 
audience politely aprlauded; gone were 
my earlier dreams 0 a standing 0 and 
pretty girls bringing me bouquets of 
flowers to a wild chorus of cheers. Polite 
applause was all I got. I had just made a 
rousing and tremendously well-delivered 
speech that would bring social justice to 
the world, and all I gOt was poli te 
applause . Fine. 

Speeches, of course. aren't the only 
things that evoke this type of nervous 
reaction. Those stupid skits you had to 
do for Spanish class in high school . and 
those stupid skits you have to do for 
drama class in college-those things are 
upsetting. It shouldn't be too nerve-
wracking to act out a nonnal. everyday 
conversation in front of 20 people. Ir 
shouldn't be. But it is. The worst they 
could do is laugh at you-or not laugh 
at you, as the case may be. But that's 
enough to scare us out of our whatevers. 

Maybe the difference is that as we 
walk through the Plaza we don't believe 
we're going to trip on a crack and fall 
head first and make a blatant fool out of 
ourselves. But when we're in front of the 
class. we feel we're just that close [pinch 
your thumb and index finger close 
together] to total and complete public 
humiliation. 

Of course, that's ridiculous. Public 
humiliation , pOSSibly. Total and 
complete public humiliation, no way. 

I remember back in eighth grade-I 
do this nostalgia crap a lot, don't I?-

Let me tell you, you haven't lived until 
you've given a speech in front of the 
Alpine Kiwanis Club. The first thought 
that came to mind when they told me I 
had qualified is a thought we can't print 
here. The second was that I didn't want 
to look at that speech ever again. and 
certainly didn't want to practice it for 
the next four weeks. The third thought 
was that at least I would get to eat a free 
breakfast. OK, I'll go. 

Well, I found out that when you're 
about to make a speech in front of a 
national television audience. you don't 
even come close to the bacon and eggs. 
thank you. They called my name. I 

he Social Event of the ear 
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS' 

DATE: 
TIME: 
PLACE: 

Semi 
Formal 

MAY 24 FRIDAY 
9 PM-1 AM 
SHERATON HARBOR ISLAND 
CHAMPAGNE ROOM 

TICKETS: ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE 

PRICE: 

BANDS: 
ALSO: 

APR. 16 - MAY 24 
$10.00 PER PERSON 

BEFORE MAY 17 
$13.00 PER PERSON 

AFTER MAY 17 
PRIVATE DOMAIN 
91X ROAD SHOW 
WITH T. BRIAN SCHOCH 

extremely conscious of them: moreover, 
I knew that that was the only thing 
everyone in the joint was staring at. As 
my voice went on , I thought about all 
the things I was supposed to do: keep 
eye contact. use voice inflection, look 
calm-I said, look calm, dammit. And 
stop shaking! Use gestures here and 
there. Stand up straight. Stop shaking! 

And for God's sake. don't lose your 
place. Don't lose your. " . 

Oh my God . Dead silence-the 
people's enemy. Thousands of billions of 
eyes focused on you, the idiot. standing 
at the front of the room naked behind a 
podium that doesn't cover anything at 

And it's the same for everyone. It's 
completely universal. Even big-shot 
politicians and actors. Even big-shot 
politicians who are actors. Some of us 
are better at hiding it than others, that's 
all. 

I'm one of the "others." ~ 

Come one, come all 
to the 

Revelle 
Renaissance Faire 
Music. Drama. Food 

Crafts • Games 
Sunday, May 5th 

llam .. 4pm 
Humanities Library 

Building 
South Lawn 

Admission 
Free!!! 



12 Thursday, May 2,1985 

By TOM FERGUSON 

C REW RACING is very di£Terent from OIher sports, accordi ng w UCSD women's coach Jack 
Valerga, in that "crew requires intensity 
not required in other spons. There are 
no real stars .. .. Nine of you do well, or 
nine of you don't do well." 

There are three classes in women's 
crew: the varsity (or heavyweight) 
division , the lightweight division and 
the novice class. Each team consists of 
two crews in an "K boat and a "S" boat 
which race in each competition. The 
heavyweight division is a category open 
to a rower of any size or weight: the 
lightweight division is limited to 130 
pounds per rower; the novice class is 
made up of those rowers who are racing 
competitively for the first time. This 
level is the most difficult to handicap, 
and whether or not the rowers win 
depends on how good a day everyone 
has. Valerga and assistant coach Linda 
Lyman have to teach them the training 

Stars of Mission Bay 

The Wrecking Crew 
aspects. "We want them to win," says 
Valcrga, "but they need a good 
education on involvement in crew. 
They have to learn to row when it 
hurts-even harder." After learning the 
basics, the novices are ready for the 
competitive classes of Iighrweight and 
heavyweight. 

The UCSD women's crew season, 
which began in mid-March, is broken 
up into three sections. In the first third 
of the season , the Tritons faced Loyola , 
Long Beach and USC in what Valerga 
called "a field test before the second 
third ," and in which his rowers 

accomplished pretty much what he 
expected of them in a sweep of USC, a 
varsity loss against Loyola and Long 
Beach, and wins in the other caregories. 

The middle third of the season 
featured the Crew Classic, which coach 
Valerga described as "the NBA playoffs 
in the middle of the season .. . 
chronologically misplaced." The varsity 
crew from UCSD was ovennatched 
because it was shifted up to face stiffer 
co mpetition due to the fact that it had 
won 'he Crew Classic the last three 
years in a row; it finished in seventh 
place behind UClA and other big West 

Comeback fever, part 11. .. 

Pauy Campbell (above) and Chanssa 
Hammett have enhanced a Tnton oJJense 
and defen se with a combined 0.97 ERA 

By TA WNYA KEEDY 

A s THE SOFTBALL soap opera continues, the Triwn women were previously confronting a 
deadlocked conference. copmg with the 
loss of their number-one pitcher, 
heahng pams and strains everywhere, 
and facing a make-or-break homestretch 
in the following twO weeks. Hope was 
nOl enough , and disaster struck first 
when Cal Lutheran College avenged last 
year's 0-6 record against UCSD by 
sweeping the Saturday doubleheader. 
Fortunately for the ballclub, the weekend 
beating raised tempers instead of 
doubts, and Tuesday's twinblll with USD 
ended with a healthy collection of 
offensive and defensive statistics with 
vlcwries of 4-2 and JO-l. 

OntO stage 11 of comeback fever ... 
Maintaining a high proved w be as 
difficult as generating one . Friday's 
games agalnsl the University of 
Redlands ended m subtle frustration . 
Redlands had lost the three prevIOus 
contests against UCSD thiS year and , 
just hke Cal Lutheran, was looking 
forward to eqUilibrium. The Tntons 
alvaged the second game by shutting 

out Redlands 2-0, but lost the opener 5-
2. 

The future for postseason play 
remained in limbo as the determining 
factor drew nearer. This year's and last 
year's conference nvals rolled into tOwn 
on Saturday for a showdown. The Leos 
from La Verne caused hean palpitations 
for the Triton squad and its fans during 
the opener, but It was time for a cool 

one towards the final outs of game two. 
UCSD strutted off the field with 1-0 and 
5-0 victories, and was on the eve of 
clinching a playoff birth. 

Officially, the title of Southern Cal 
Softball Conference champions could 
not be re-awarded as a ce rtainty until 
UCSD finished its schedule and won at 
least one additional conference game. 
Last Tuesday, the final base was covered 
with a split with USD of twO 5-2 
decisions . True to soap opera form , the 
gold and blue crew made life rough for 
itself and ended on the down curve of 
ItS seasonal si ne wave by going three 
extra innings for an irrelevant end-of-
conference loss. 

"The season has been full of 
Inconsistent highs and lows, but 1 know 
the potential of thiS ream can make us 
nearly impossible to stop," coach 
Colleen Wight added in retrospect. 
Earlier in the year, the team came out of 
the Redlands Tournament undefeated. 
The accompanying trophy is testimony 
to her optimism. No small achievement 
IS thei r ninth position in the national 
rankings and number-one spot in the 
Western Region . A boost of confidence 
ndes with the Tmons as they jet to the 
RegIOnal Championships next 
Wednesday aSide from their credentials. 
Last year's national champIOn and a 
team UCSD IS likely to meet , Buena 
Vista College , has been beaten by UCSD 
thiS year and fell to third place in the 
region . The once-invincible teams of the 
Midwest and East are appearing 

Coast schools. The Triton lightweighters 
had an equally large challenge, but beat 
all the schools from the West Coast, 
losing only to Radcliffe University from 
Boston. The novices finished in fourth 
place. 

Following the Crew Classic, the crew 
team had a long road trip to the Santa 
Clara Invitational in the Bay Area. 
Valerga said that traveling in excess of 
1,000 miles is a "potential for disaster, 
but they didn't let it be." The ream came 
away from nine races having won seven 
and lost only two (actuaUy, with twO 
teams apiece, that's a record of 14-4). 
After returning home, the athletes had 
four days to prepare for competition in 
the City Championships, in which San 
Diego area crews race for bragging rights 
over Mission Bay. Last year, the UCSD 
heavyweights won this event, and they 
took the "Patty White" Trophy home 
again this year with a win by a 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 13 > 

mundane while the Triton totals are 
piling up. 

Despite an emtlc season , the team 
posted records of 11-5 in conference 
and 24-17 overall . A tougher schedule, 
postponmg home conference games to 
th e fmal stre tch, and fad ng Division I 
and II teams ea rly are aU considerations 
when looking at the outcome. The 
Triton women outscored and outhit 

> COIfflNUED ON PAGE 1 J ;-

Wrecking 
Crew 
< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 12( 
convincing margin over a strong USD 
team. They then returned a half hour 
later and won the open division race by 
an even bigger margin . The lightweight 
crew members went into their races 
confident and took first place: there was 
some uncertainty about the novices, but 
they placed third and second in the "A" 
and "S" races, respectively. 

The third and final section of the 
women's crew season is upcoming and 
begins with an all-women double 
elimination competition at Oxnard for 
West Coast schools called the "OAR 
Regatta." For the last two years (the 
competition is in its third year), no 
UCSD ream has won any medals. This 
year, however, there is hope- the 
ligtweight crew ream is rared number 
one since it has not been defeated by 
any West Coast school; the varsity ream 
is rated fourth because of losses to 
Loyola, Long Beach and UCLA; the 
novices are rated sixth since they have 
not beaten any "A" crews. The 
lightweight team is optimistic about 
Oxnard and, according to team member 
Debbie Gentile, the athletes "aU want it 
bad ... We are positive on holding on to 
what we have." Nancy Blom, a varsity 
team member, said that they have a 
good chance to beat the reams that they 
have lost to before. As for the novices, 
team captain Daneen Frazier claimed, 
"We are excited about Oxnard ... . Since 
(the other teams) beat us once, they are 
not thinking of us as competition . We're 
going to make them work for it." 

After the Oxnard competition, UCSD 
crew has a few more races before the 
N!tionals, if it qualifies. In the 
upcoming Western Sprints, says Slom, 
"Well be seeing bigger and tougher 
schools. If we keep goin~ as we have, 

we should do well." Gentile said that the 
Sprints competition is something new, 
giving UCSD a chance to find out what 
the other crew teams are like and to see 
that the outlook is hopeful for the 
Nationals. Daneen said that although the 
novice team has nOl done well, "It's 
been an experience . ... All of us are 
really excited about next year now that 
we have experience in racing." As for 
Jack Valerga, he says, "It's anybody's 
guess." 1m 

Conteback 
Fever 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 12( 
their conference opposition by vast 
margins of 58 to 30 runs scored and 97 
to 68 hits, respectively. A stingy defense 
and hearty offense is enhanced by a 
combined 0.97 ERA for pitchers 
Charissa Hammen and Patty Campbell 
in conference. Although UCSD is not 
notorious for its power at the plate this 
year, Pam mer Hardaway and Julie Surns 
have something to say about consistent 
and timely hitting. Hardaway leads the 
club in overall baning average and RSls 
with a .313 average and 36 RBis, while 
Sums turns it on in conference with a 
.364 average and 21 RBis overan. 

The apprehension and mounting 
tensions are not necessarily due to the 
May 10-11 regional playoff dates but 
rather to the uncertainty of playoff 
location and academic fears. The team 
already decided to leave one day later 
(May 8) in favor of gening school work 
caught up and gening ahead of 
schedule. The reason for concern is not 
the half-week spent in Iowa, Minnesota, 
or on the East Coast playing ball, but 
the proabibility of succeeding to 
Nationals and missing nearly two weeks 
of school. All that can be said is "good 
luck," . .. and stay tuned. Ij;i) 

Renaissance faire • Music • free Lectures • 
Open Science Labs • Aquarium Tours • 

10K Run • Art Gallery • Life nisht Demonstration • 
Underwater Triathlon • Craft Show • 

Bookstore Sale • food • Tours and Information • 
free Parkins • for more information call 452-J800 

or Dial-A-Tape S-21, 452-46J6. 
-JOINUS-

Thursday, May 2, 1985 13 

.,. r.- ~ HW'o •. » ..... :..« .............. x . . d. _ •. -:; .•. ~._. ( ................ { .• 

30% OFF 
SUNCWUD 

1------------------------------, i SAVE 30% OFF I 
I suggested retail on all our Suncloud sunglasses. Choose from I 
I rost or amber lenses - stylt after exciting stylc. 1 weell only!!! I I Coupon good through 5-8-85. I 
1 ______ -------------------------

WE GUARANTEE THE 
LOWEST SUNGIASS PRICES 

on all major brands of any retail store: 
Vuamtt, Hobie , Bucci, Ray Ban, Garxayle, Suncloud and Carrera etc.. .. 

. '')r.ei(it~ fI ~ 
" • h \' Open 7 days & nights 

Old Town 2461 San Diego Ave. (Next to Old Town Mexican Cafe) 692-OO~9 
Encinila5 745 First 51. (Lumberyard Shopping Cenler) 942-0337 
LaJoUa 1030. Torrey Pines Rd. (Next 10 Yogurt Affair) ,.5,.-8006 

Chula Vista 1140 Broadway (Price Bazaari"22-8081 
San Ysidro 727 E. San Ysidro Blvd. (McDonald's Trolly SlaMn ) 4l8-"~90 

Clairemonl 4675 Clairemonl Dr. (Clalremant Square Shopping Cente 272-8808 
La Mesa 5500 Grossmant Cenler Dr. (Grossmont Shopping Centcr) 697 -6697 

Escondido 1321 -H East Valley Pk"". {Escondido Villagc Mall! 7-+3-6762 
o ning soon in Oceanside 

illr 

TAKING SIDD fiNCH DEEP 

Obviously, these guys are no April Fools joke. In fact , they 
probably could take Sidd deep. They finished fifth this 
weekend in the 10th Annual Miller Lite Collegiate Over-The-
Line Tournament. That was the highest finish for any UCSD 
team. 

As usual, this tournament was the highlight of the year as 
far as special events go. Great weather, lots of suds, and fun 
competition. 

f •• 



r----------------------------------· : SOFT CONTACT LENS SPECIAL : 
• ~I • • . --- '\ (With this Coupon) • 
I SOFT LENSES EXTENDED WEAR • 

: ~ $39 $99 '. 
. . Lenses only - professional fees 

not included • 

-? 1' 1 .'. Tinted soft lenses available 
1 hour service available on glasses 

__ ~ __ . UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE : 
OPTOMETRIC next to Sears - call tor appointment • not good with any other offer • 

EXPRESS 453-3615 expires 5/5/85 • __________________________________ J 

fame fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame 
fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame fortu 
fame fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame 
fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame fortu 
fam 
fortl WRITE SPORTS arne rortu 

~ 

fam CALL 452-6580 arne fum ~rtu 
fame fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame 
fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame fortu 
fame fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame 
fortune fame fortune fame fortune fame fortu 

Durante's 

7553 GIHAIlU flV[ 
LA JOLLA, CA !l?O:J1 
16191 4!J4 :l8lr 

h · REMOVED air PERMANENTLY 
by rllO'sf9fecl. profesSK)(\Q1 e,ectrOioO,sls 

WOMENIMEN ~ 
Genlle T,eatmenl 
AI, DeIenIHlzlng 

• Medical Approved 
• Co I Ifornla Licensed 
• Tax Deducllble 
FREE CONSULTATION 
days-even,ngs-Sofurdoy '- - _____ ~ 

ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROLYSIS CLINICS 

LAJOUA 

1464-12421 
1950 VIMa La Jolla Dr"'. 
La Jolla VIll age "01 Cfr 

BALIOAPARK 

1589.9050 1 
:Ia5O-6Ih Awe. 

6tt'I Ave. Medlcol Ctr. 

XEROX 
24 HR, 7 DAY 

FREE 

o 
per copy 

10, YOIume jobs 

• COLLATING 
• PARKING 
• PICKUP/ DELIVERY 

(with minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 61h Ave., SD. 

231·1676 

VIolin, \/lola, prep br 32 or just for fun. 
IndIIrlclJal or shared lessons. ~ Martin, 
457-()671. /6/61 
lA JOU.A ACNJ€MY OF ADVERTISING 
ARTS l-yr. course & job plac.ernent assistance 
In adIII!rtlsing. deslg1, copy, proc1JctIon, 
sales, mark~ng or publicity. Now enrolling 
for June 17. Fr~ catalog 459-0201. 16/61 
Does stu~ In Australia entice you 7 
ConsIder a yeiIK "Down Lhder" with LX:'s 
own EduaitionAbroad Program. Application 
deadline: Friday, M~ 17. Contact the 
International Center, 452-3730 for more 
lobI (5/21 
PRE-MEDSI Don't loose CWl)' IImef Get that 
wry irJlIortant practJcaI experience required 
br med sdlooI appIlc:.ations. Halle more than 
.Pst a tan~am 4-12 units ttis summer. 
Opportlnty abounds at the ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM. Apply raN at 
406WC. 15/21 
SUN GOO FESTlVA.L-frIday, ~ 10. 
Games. tbod, fun. entertainment. TGIF 

~7pm. Don't miss It! (Raindatr 5/171. 
(S/91 
FREEl 'tOO're IrMted MInI WorIcshop Self 
Esteem · May 7. ElICIting ecperIence. Don't 
miss it. 225-9206. (5/21 
FREE'" Halrwa at A.UREl WON. It 
Interested call 4S9-9610. (S/21 
ComIng soon: the 1st a1BJa/ pa1heIlenk: 
IIOIIe)OaII 1DUI'I'Wnent-.June 2nd. Start 
geai'1g )'OUI' 4-ma'I teImS tDgI!theI nawI 
/5/21 
Scrfpps ProI'sor WIIter Munk will speak on 
the nuclear COftMIREHENSIVE TEST BAN 
ChIs ~, Noon, In !he new Warren 
A.pa bllellts Cotli I lOllS Lounge. More /nib, 
calI4S2-3068. SPOIiSOled ~W.-renCoiege 
Friday Faculty-Student Hour. All 
weIcD~ Rlefreshments. /5/21 
Tl<E lJttIe SIster BIke SIIe. Todly and ~ 
a'I the PIaD from 10-4 pm. Noth/ngCMl' 25(. 
CooIdes, cakes, ct1nIcs etc. /5/21 
TratI'Ic CIasses-court AppnM!d. Sat, SUn, 
Eves. Held at ~ TOIM1e Center, 
Torrey PInes m. MssIon \IaIIey. Ui MesI. EI 
qjon. PadIIc 89ch, Rt¥sbauon 29'6--0233. 
15/21 
MedItaCion Recrat May 11th In c.dItJ. Meet 
Zen MIster M)'O Bong. SIttlng. <hinting. 
personII imI!NIews. 942~ /5/21 
NOTICE OF COASTAl. COMMISSION 
PUl.IC HEARING. A Public HurIng wll be 
held on TJusday, May 9, I98S, In !he 
RecMIood E".,we Falre, lOSS North State 
Street. UIdah. caIIIornIA a'I the ~ 
of the U1IwnIty of Callfcmla. SIn DIego br 
the mnstruaIon 01 a fII.te-sUJIy, 51000 
square foot facility for academic 

~. The ptqect will be Ioc.aed 
on the U1M!rsIty d carrrorru. San DIego 

~, on the west side 01 Jotn kif 
HopIdrIS DrIIIe, south of Genesee Avenue. 
Coastal CommIssIon I'\"c!I«l II Is H!H 72. 
The prqject application Is aIIIIlabIe for public 
rtIIieIN at the Comn/ssIon's OfIIce, 6154 
MIssIon Gorge Road. Suite 220, SIn DIego, 
callfDmla 92120. (5/21 

13" Emerson CDbr TV. Brand new. 5150. Call 
OUt, 454-8974. /5/21 
VOIIIo 122S 1964. Barely runs. 5250 or best 
offer. 4S9-2418 or ext 4476. (S/21 

TO)Ota ' 78 CeI/Q ST, 5 sp, A.M/FMc.assette, 
10 mi, gel CDnd. S3200/best offer. 942-o61S. 
/S/21 

1983 Honda Passport. 7Occ, 3 spd. auto. 
ClItd'l. 40 "l>h & 80 "l>h. Exc. condo 
55OO/abo. 273-6901 aft. 5. (5/2) 
Portable co"1)Uter, NEC 8201, and Epson 
printer. Ideal for taldng class notes and 
writing papers. Many programs and a phone 
modem 100. S600 Call Canale at Guardian at 
4S2-6580 or ho~ eves., 454-2917. (5/21 
\XIIndsurler-8ic 2SO /11 with large sail and 
car rade. Make offer. Great to leam on. 
Br.n¥14S5-1710. (5/61 
SoIoIIex machine Inc. all partS & ~tstraps 
& t'XtI'dse book. S4OO. Call Scott or Rick 587-
9287. (5/21 
77 Honda Civic 4 spd, only SIlK mI slVCd ~ 
51<. runs xlnt. erea1, cass stereo, 51500 abo. 
4S~241. IS/21 
For Sale. 68 VS Bug. 51800. Rebuilt eng. 
AM/FM cassette, sunroof. Wkdays after 6pm 
and Sat/Sun 436-1014. (5/21 
Suzuki 6-string acoustic guitar w/case and 
strap, 512S. Mike, 452-6467 Iv. message. 
IS/21 
SHOPPING FOR A COMPUTER7 Let ~ tell 
)OU .......t'¥ a BondWetI. with tINO disk alves, a 
monitor, func:tkln keys. CP/M operating 
system. a'Id valuable software is the best buy 
In toIM'l. Corrpete system 5795. Packages 
with dot matrix or letter quality printers. Call 
Bruce at 695-9220. 15/21 
Adorable animal rubber stamps: Cats, 
kittens. bumles, bears, ~, penguins, 
unialms. etc. I OVer 320 des/g1S1 Use on 
notepads, brighten envelopes, checks, 

a~ statlonery, stickers etc. I Great gift 
Ideal Free cataIogl Send SAS.E. (.391 ID: 
Critter Care Center, P.O. Box 77. Solana 
BNc:h. CA. 9207S. 16/61 
69 Dodge l"oIara Wgn., a.k.a Hlhe Road 
WaTIor." 300 ptJs h.p. original 383 engine. 5 
good ttes. surf rades. Good shape. 5425. Call 
Stelle at 276-S387. /5/21 
Want cheap tr~ that'U blow the 
doors ott a Forsd1e1 Fast. dean 1980 Honda 
CB750F with just a mess 01 extras. 51650, 
275-5138, Karl, Eves. (5/61 

ttiHlillllll1 
lass p/¥rs needed for InbnMI jams. Call 
Craig at 755-2698 from 7 ID 9 or MIke at 
274-9062.15/21 
Female, non-smoker sitter/companion 
needed 5 or 6 sunmer Ml'lings and some 
d¥ In .1.ine for 12 yr. old girl. You"- share 
IhIsjob with allothtl person. Call 259-0733 
or 944-1438./5/21 
EARN SIO/hr. modellllg for p/'Iotogi4AY. 
Call Stelle at 465-8021 i!IKPJ M!nIng 7pm-
IOpm. 15/9/ 
SIudent WII'Ited to babysit an infa1t tINO 
aftemooIlS a weeIc and some evenings. Call 
Debbie at 275-655S. 1~161 
Need WOI1Wl with laCs 0# Ideas br hailing 
bl to care br I chItd this 5UII'II1tI'. Appr'c»I. 15-
20 tnllNIc & M. Must /ale CII', e.peOeIlCe 
w/d1Hdren, and local refenrloes. Call RotrI 
481-6J43l11t2r 4:00 p.m. (S/21 
Wanted: Left handed suI!jects ID panIdpate 
In perception eJIPtI'imI!Ilts. Should ~ good 
eyesight and speIk EnglIsh as a IIrst 

~, P~ Is SS. Call Rkhard BItI:h at 
4sl--41OO ext 548.15/21 
\h1ted: Women who ecperiencr siglifIc.n 
premenstrual tension syndrome (mood 
changes, Irritabilltyl each month. tor 
partIdpatlon In a resNI'Ch ~ InIIOMng 
medIQtion, blood driiws and 1nteMews. 
IIVomen must be heaItt\I, ~ I'f9lIar 
predktable monthtt' tydes. and not be on 
bIntI c:onrroI pills. Please caIIlCa1!n at 4S3-
7500. ext. 3218. 15/21 

SUMMER CANP ICEY STAFF-wanted for 
bNUClful resident .Jewish Ci!IKI1JS In Malibu. 
Counselors, songleaders, waterfront 
specialist (WSI requlredl, prog-.-nrners. and 
secretaries. Interested1 Contact Stuart 
SImmons. DIr«tOr or Karen Fox. RabbI 
\IIII1shIre Boulevard T~ CafIl>s. 213388-
2401. (5/91 
Copywriters br san Diego pubHcatlon. YO1M' 
pace/your home. hid by piece. A~ 510 
per hour /mcn as sIclII 1ncreIses. Send letter 
desalting)'OUr spIendd writing sldlls ID P.O. 
Bole 2161, Dei Mar, CA 92014. 1S/21 

Wanted: Talented people to write or 
Illustrate for the GuilKdian. Call 452-6580. 
/6/61 
Wanted: Secretary/I~ clerk. nexib/e hours, 
good typing skills. Call 459-4118; 459-0032. 
(5/131 
WCYlted: Callers for the LX:SO Phone/Mail 
Program. Earn 54.25/hour plus BIG 
RONUSES. Call 587-15891lt May 2. (4/291 

IIIl!#ilMi IIIII 
La-Jolla Playhouse needs summer hOusing: 
Si.blets, rerttals, roommates. Agreements 
s/gIed. Call Carol 452-6760. (6/61 
OJIet, non-smoking roommate wanted in 
Lhlv. City. 5220 & utilities. Evenings, 450-
9566. Ask for St_. (5/21 
SUblet needed June to Sept., studio/I bdrm 
only, beach preferred ILJ-Leucl 756-2934 pm 
756-3085 am Todd. 15/6) 
Roommate wanted: Share room in Genes~ 
Highland condo. 515O/mo for May and ).joe. 
Call antyi~ 450-0328. 15/91 
INVESTORS OR 1ST TIME BUYERSII A.ssu~ 
5S2.6OO at a low interest rate. Two bedroom 
IDwnhouse with private pztio. Near UCSD & 
urc. ~ Must Selli 57S,900. Realty 
Center Inc. ~ Marr 272-6010. (S/21 
VIew t\M'lhse bilce to UCSO 1400 sq. ft. gar. 
Pool. A.ssu~ 9.1'111. Open SUn. I... pm. 
Owner 582-4904. (S/131 
MASTER BEDROOM: La Jolla Village 
SOUtflIoInt. Furnished for tINO at 523S/each 
(& 1/4 utII.1 1/2 mi. from school. TV, 
wash/dry, cIsh. pool, jacuzzi, garage, nicely 
decorated. Male/ftInaIe non-smokers. caN 
Ken or Mike 458-9803. (S/61 

InsuriWlCe War! we'u beat CWl)' price or we 
don't want ~r buskless. Tldcets, acddents, 
sports cars. good driver/student cjscounts: 
all welcome. Call 286-113S. Request UCSO 
PlCYl. (S/161 
Do )'00 get along well with Kangaroos and 
Koalas? Consider stuc¥ng In Australia br 
1986. Appllcarlon DeiICIlne: ~, ~ 17. 
Come by !he Intematlonal Center br I'IIOI'e 
1rIo, 452-3730. IVl NowI (S/21 
Scrfpps Professor Walter Munk will speaIc on 
!he nuclear COMPREHENSIVE TEST BAN 
ttis ~, Noon. in the new Warren 
Apabllb'lts CommoIIS Lounge. More We, 
call 4S2-3068. Sponsored ~ w.-ren College 
Friday Faculty-Student Hour. All 
weIcDme/Ught Refrestments. 15/21 
BrIan-It'II be our 3rd fl:)se Ball together -
)'Sll lhCYllcs br being ~ best IHendII I 
adore )'OU4Jan. /5/21 
IIoo-8oo-lhCYlk )'00 br being the best 
friend a hei!IKt could wish for. I folie )"OU, 
aIw¥ will. !DYe Isaiah . IS/21 
TKE UttIe Sister BIke SIIe, T~ and Fr1day 
a'I the Plaza from ICH pm. Nolting CMI' 25 
cents. CookIes. cakes. drinks etc. /5/21 
To the ~wlththe SonyWallanrlln BIo IS, 
'tOO're ~ ObsessIon. Blue E)<esl (S/2I 
Hey Green Eyese In Ut. 23, ''\Mlat's the 
date 7' I-bw about lIndl SOIiletirne1 PInk 
Toenails. (5/21 
MIke "Dill" Thielman. Slick bade)'OOr hair a'Id 
get ~ for that 50's party. We'll /ale a 
blast. BIg Bro. FD 15/21 
MIke HatIibe. 0tM0us~ being pres/dentall 
rrust run In the tamHy. Krep up the good 
\NOrI(. NO. (S/21 
Squldonna. so ~ don't like Teki~ huh7 
How about SO's rrusK a'Id brew on Sat 

~11J1/1'" rage. KC (S/21 
Hey Uttle Bro-lhis Is )'OUr big bra spearmg. 
James L)'flCh-Congraculatlons ate in order 
1D)'OU-8Ig Bro. (S/21 
DeCY MarIe; Happy 18 monthAnniv. jApril30, 
19851 Tha'lk-ycu br all the IIIIOnderfuI times 
and memories. LooIdng forward ID ~ 
morel OJr goal the ~MIster PWi.~ loIIe GC 
(5/21 
Mr. Pn.ne: Loc*ing foIwilKd ID hailing a 
splash with ~ ttis ~. I loIIe 'tOOl 
lDIIe. MIss RaIsen. IS/2I 
JoIIna. YNhll'm so Nppy ~ dedded to go 
to the Rose Balli Don't worry, n ~ ~ 

through)"OUr midtermsl ~ youl Alpha lLNe, 
May. (5/2) 
Health Issues & Prot. Organization Meeting. 
Tues. ~ 7, 6-B pm, Revelle Informal 
lDUnge. Dr. Bennett, ~est speaker & of'licer 
elections. (5/61 
Shauneen McEIr~, last quarter was a blast. 
but we ain't done yet. You're a rad TKE UI 
Sister. lDuigi. (5/21 
Katt¥ HiliopOUloUs, due It 4: One ot rTrj UI 
Bros has a proDlem with pasta in his nose. 
Your TKE Big Bro. (5/21 
Arlthor¥ Wow, our lrd AOf'I Rose Ball 
togetherl I'm really looking forward to that 
day/night togetherl ~ ~/Thanks br 
everythIngi "I look out. .. 1ItI)' exdtedly ... 
yeiIKning out unmlstakablyl" 1.oIIe, YlP. (S/21 

Top Drawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts . Student rates . Word 
processing. Diane 48 .... 160. /6/61 
T'I'PING/WORD PROCESSING: mCY1)' type 
styles to choose trom, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up and 
deliveIy, quality work. FASTIII 52/page 
(double spacedl. Call interactive Mlao 
Systems at 452-9949. (6/61 
Radcet Stringing and ~-1Dw prices, 24-
rT. servia. Call ~ at 458-9269. 15/161 
Typing: IBM/rush jobs/editing/fast, 
protessIonaI results. 453-0656 or 296-7333 
Sha1. (6/61 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service . 
51. SO/page. I pickup & deIM!r. Iv'tdy 
I..1urence 279-8056. (6/61 
EDfTING!\IIORD PROCESSING. Thesls/dis-
sertatIon spedallst Call Mary 259-0542. 
(5/21 
Typing: 24-tY servia unless I'm 100 busy. I 
can also proof neatly written papers. Rrvae 
4S3-9067. IS/61 
PROFESSIONAL T'I'PING. Word Proc:essIng & 
Tape Tra1scr1ption. Reasonatlle rates. The 
Key Word. 459-5818. (6/61 
TYPING EXPRESS: cO"l>'ete secretarial 
seMc:r. OJality 'M)(k/tast seMc:r/afbrd-
ab1e1483-2889. 15/9/ 
DONT LET YOUR friends lose )'OUr 
messages. PrIvate It and answer servIc:e. 
512.50 mo. 226-S7I1. (S/131 
St.per 1)'PIng. IBM, spelling CDrTeCb!d, 
reiJSOI'labIe r., rush job, 16 yrs. exp., near 
UCSO, call Fey 452-1393. (5/91 
WHY PAY FOR \XIOItDPROCESSlNG WHEN 
YOU ~ DO IT '\'OURSElF? A BOI'IDIIIIELL 
computer comes with WordStar, 
spreadsheet. database. and speectI S)1'1It1es/S 
software for only 57951 \IIIIth IeUI!r quality 
pri'Ur- SI350. /VI Irwst""eilt fer now and 
for the future. Call Bruce at 695-9220. /5/21 
IBM WORD PROCESSING/EDITING. 
Fast/accurate. PIdc upldeIMer UCSO. ca" 

~ at 4S3-7511. (5/131 
BIM1cie SeaetariaI~ ~I SpellIng 
CDIfect-RlJsh jobs spedaIty/1S yri ecper. La 
..bIIa 4S7-3842. 16/61 

Lost: Keys on a pig ke)<chaIn. Please call Karin 
at 454-1380. (S/61 
Found: HP4ICaIc. If yours. call Jim at 453-
2997. (5/61 
lDst: Mink glasses case last qtr. Please call 
481-6746. Ask br Sharon. Please call again 
whoever called last qtr. I'm bummed. (5/61 
Lost In USB2722 on Thurs. 4-19. Gr~ Nllce 
rumlng shoes W/mMOOII swoosh size 6. If 
bund pleaseretum to BHl421 or call 112526 & 
lea/e mess. for Uz or call 270-3133 
afternoons. A'ewilKd If found. Set IlImtnt.1l 
value. (5/61 
lDst. a gold rope bracelet with 7 ~ 
dIanond5. Irs very spedal so I'd folie to /ale 
It bade. Reward oIrered. Date lost: End of Fall 
QJarter. Please call Terri 569-6374. (5/61 
Lost: Gold men's ring with initials a'I It 
InsalJtIon on bade. Reward. Call 259-860 7 
or return ID CMf1lUS poria station. 1'1 reaI~ 
be SlDlce If )'00 find & rtturrl ~ ring. Do a 
good deed. be a good cltlzenl (S/9/ 



16 Thurdcll, Mn 2,1985 

Budman's Softball Ratings 

MEN'S AM 
1. Profo<lthlcncs 3-0 
2 Boffo ' 3-0 
3. Bennan' B)}, 2-0 
4. Pink teel 2-0 
5. Mallard Men 1-0 
6. Rectamanc 0-0 
7 hdlng Drabo 2-1 

Wtldbat 1-2 
9 . The Boy Go Out \vmgmg 1-2 

10. 2nd Commg of pank 0-1 

MEN'S AA 
1. Bohi a 3-0 
2 Viva Cerveza 3-0 
3 Bags 3-0 
4. Med Atta k 3-0 
5. Eight Jerk 3-0 
6. Wee uk 3-0 
7. 0 Pia e Like Home 3-0 

Pacd'1 Molas es 1_0 
9 Cheeser ~ 0 

10. Rectal Ro ebud -- ) 
'" 

MEN'S A 
I on of Dad 3-0 
2. Magi Turf II 3-0 
3 Ten Gu 's 'amed Moe 3-0 
4 Harry BatwlI1gs 3-0 
5 Dangerous Tnpods 3-0 
6. Forget Billy Mamn 2-0 
7 teve Howe' I osc 2-0 
8 . Laggmg Indl arar 2-0 
9. he' Got It We Want It 2-0 

10 Sham rock 2-0 

COED AA 
1 Team Tnt0n 3-0 
2, Team &1:0 3-0 
3. Comhat 3-0 
4. om1l1g Home 3-0 
5. Kid Knee~ 2-0 
b CarJI.ll Kids 2-1 
7 IIde It In Il 2-1 
H. Out ,,)1 .ontral 1-0 

rtIftcu: In.,emln,llor 2-1 
10. ChenllL'al Derendents 2-1 

COED A 
1 ~wamp 3-0 
2 Li lh e!) of the FlelJ 3-0 
3 McDonalJ '5 Fann Team 3-0 
4. The Preps Go Nad 3-0 
5. Hot Dogs 6;[ Hair Pies 3-0 
6 It ow or Ne\'er 3-0 
7. t1ckem Balls 3-0 

Phi'1\: Thighs 2-0 
9. heep Mc 'uggets 2-0 

10. Hall Pitchers As n 2-0 

OORMA 
I . Bo ton 3-0 
2 R'As Is On The LlI1e 2-0 
3. Cadaver Cocktail Pan) 2-0 
4 The Country Club 2-0 
5 Domrbusters 1-0 
6 Schaeffer Weekenders 1-0 
7. Hue)' Peopk 2-0 
8. Apartment Buster 1-0 
9 Don r Walk 1-0 

10, The Uecker Cre\\ 1-0 

1M Innertube Waterpolo 
Rankings 4/ 30 

AA 
1 1 he Ilemen 2-0 
2. Jahaba 2-0 
3. Drink and -mk 2-0 
4. Wet Dickies 1-0 
5 Snafu 2-0 

A 
I. Swamp 3-0 
2. Swoop 3-0 
3. Team Dlvothead 2-0 
4. In Her Tube 2-0 
5. Petty Splash 3-0 
6. able's Hero s 3-0 
7. No Beans [or Godzllla 3-0 
8. Dicky's Revenge 2-0 
9. Sex Dynamos of San Diego 2-0 

to. ZBT 2-1 

............ ~.o} ~."'"' ... ~ '" 

••• , 
• 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU!! 
INTRAMURALS IN THE FUTURE 

Have you all notl ed the 
my teriou dl appearan e of large 
quantitle of trees all over campu ? 
Either a colony of beaver has 
moved m on campu or the tree 
have to make way for growth. The 
latter tatement tum ut to be the 
truth . The beaver are afraid of being 
used a lab experiments. 

ThiS campu i growmg rapldl in 
all dire tions. The campu and 
Intramural sport in parti ular is 
expandmg so mu h we are bulging 
at the seams. Intramural floor hockey 
till 2:00 am in the Re Gym. 
Waterpolo till 1:00 am in the 
morning. Volleyball plays till 
midnight almo t evel)' night. Softball 
plays every available hour thata field 
on campus is open. It' hard to 
believe people actually show up to 
play at orne of the e ungodly hours 
but they do. You'd think that playing 
all hours of the day and night allow 
for all who are intere ted to 
participate. That is not th ase at all. 
There is a waiting list of team In 
almo t every POrt who never get a 
chance to compete. 

Why? Because UC 0 la ks the 
fa tlltie to accomodate all who\ ant 
to pamcipate. Our sister universities 
m the UC y t m have realized this 
need for more re reanonal facilities. 
About five years ago they bUIlt one of 
the most beautiful recreatlonal 
g}1nna ium 111 the country. Milhon 
of dollar were put in to create a 
multi-purpose faclltty which could 
seat seven to ten thousand for 
concetts, could accomodate eight 1M 
ba ketball game at once, 14 
volleyball game , racquetball coutts, 
v,:elght rooms, gymna tlCS area, 
locke rs, showers, and offices. 

mce their g)1TI has heen hUllt U 
anta Bamara, CC Berkele\ and 

L U\ have all hUllt hr.md new 
recreatlonal faclhtle com parahle to 
the one at UC DaVIS. LC Irvine, a 
school of 5,000 fewer students than 
UC 0 , ha a recreational faClhty In 
the planmng. With all thiS butldlng 
of recreatlon facilities on other 
campu es UC 0 lag behind . What 
doe the future hold? 

The Immediate future wtll see the 
new field with lights (thank God for 
MUir's sake) by September nght next 
to the new super computer at Third 
College. ThiS s h ould help 
Immediately by taking ome of the 
pre sure off the other field and 
giVing the ability to expand some 
programs. Hopefully thiS field will be 
hullt with more care than Pryatel 
was 

1 he more distant future holds 
greut expectations lost of the plans 
,In.' JUSt on the drawmg hoard at thiS 
tlme Approval of the plans, approval 
of 5p..lCe and mo t Importantly 
mome.;, for the project arc pendmg 
at thiS time 

To hegll1 with , we hope to have 
our own hrand ne\\ beautiful 
recreational arena to house a 
multitude 01 activIties. [hiS prOject 
would pur us on hne with other UC 
schoob as fJr as Indoor lauhues go. 
It IS somethmg we need hadly 

Plans for a new 50 meter pool and 
eparate dlvmg pool nght next to the 

eXIst1l1g (anyonvlew Pool are 
already 111 the planmng stages ThiS 
would he funded by outside ources 
and give us one of the finest 
sWl mmll1g facilities m the COUntry. 

lights are planned for the Warren 
Ea ·t and We t lields (0 give us more 
playmg time at I1Ight. Badly needed 
fence are only a matter of weeks 
away on Pryatel field . 

One of the more expansive plan5 
IS a complex of fields. 1 hiS would 
mclude a soccer stadium With 

eating, a woman's softball fieie.. , a 
track stadium with synthetiC track 
and a large multi-purpose field twice 
the size of any field on campus. 
Many tenni coutts are also planned 
for thiS new complex. This plan is 
waiting to see if and where the new 
hospital will go on campus. The field 
complex will either be located by the 
ba eball field or by John Hopkins 
Dnve at Third allege. 

La tly make sure and come down 
and see the fantastic new weight 
room at Canyonview. It is well done 

and proves plans can become 
reality. 

Hopefully all these plans will 
he ome reality. UCSD is one of the 
finest shoals in the country and 
there is no reason we hould not 
move on and become even a better 
University. 

DOlE 

THISBUIrS 
FOR YOU: 



,. 

• 

• 
• 

~:-, 
t 

.. 

~ 
. , 

~ 
< 

'" 

J 

! 

• ) 

. ~:. 

F 

/ 
J 

. ~ 

;( 
(I~ 

~. 

An Arts Magazine Serving the U<;SD Commul'li1Y 
, 

Vol. 9, No.1 ~.,~~ 

, ' 

·prod~ct 9f the 
f! 

A· .··· ~ , ,t' t > 'f , , 
... 

. , 

Jean Mich~I Basqui:at 
. 

• 

.&: .... 
t 

, < 

" 

} '" { f } ( ,,' 
~ ....... 

, ,'/ 

'" 



......... _I 

Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

AslOCiate Editor 
HRIS YuUNG 

Contributina Editors 
ETHAN FEER T. JuAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU. 

JAMCS RALPH P'A1"!' 
Staff 

MIKE ,\HN. RODDY 
BOUA W A. ANDREA 

HARMuN, KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. jOH NEE, ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

RuGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial: ·UZ-6580 
Advertiaina: 45~3466 
HiatlL! is published every 

Thursday of the academi year 
as a supplement to the U SD 
GUARDIAN. R"produ~t-ion 
or use Without written 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited Ictters, 
manuscripts, and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. SenJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La Jolla, CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Jean Michel 
Basquiat, at 24 is the 
youngest of New York's 
avant garde (tart stars," 
brings his work to LJMCA. 
See page 6. 

EI Teatro .......... page 3 
In honor of Cinco de Mayo 

Chicano Theatre will be 
performed Sunday to 
commemorate the struggles of 
the United Farm Workers. 

Broken Noses ..... page 3 
Hiatus personal interview 

with Sam Raimi, director of 
the soon to be released Broken 
Hearts and Noses gives insight 
into the mind of a promising 
young director. 

Goings On ••• page7 

This Hiatus is dedicafed 10 Wink Martindale 

----------May 1~5 & 9~12--------­
HEAT 

Directed by Regents' Lecturer Robert Woodruff 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

8:00 pm/7:oo pm uday 
$5 - $8 

M_ay 8-11 
ANGEL CITY by Sam Shepard 

UCSD THEA TRE 
8:00 pm $3.00 

----------May 22-25----------. 
MUD by Maria Irene Fomes 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3.00 

__________ May 30 - June 2----------·. 
UNDERGRADUATE THEATRE FESTIVAL 

UCSD THEATRE $.9(,) (I! !he door 
(H Inn , matinees 2 pm Sa! & Sun) 

CALL 4524574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 
Tickets available at Weiss Center Ticket Office 

and University E"ents Box Office. 

2 HiatuS May 2, 1985 

All dressed up and no place to go 

Reprinted with permission of the Birdcage ReviL...,. Roger Monroe 

-

Potemkin 
67 minutes, USSR, 1925, B/W, Silent 

Eisenstein's most famous film, a five act drama of 
rebellion, solidarity, and violence that served as a 
manifesto of the new Soviet art. The Odessa Steps 
sequence is perhaps the most widely discussed film 
sequence in film history. Con~istently voted one of 
the 10 Greatest Films of all time by the International 
Critics Poll. 

50 min~'~.~~ ~5~~~~~!!!l!;rr.tion 
A fascinating career biography of the great director, 
presenting rare excerpts from his stage productions 
and major films, as well as scenes of Eisensteing 
Shooting BEZIN MEADOW. 

TONIGHT - May 2 
TLH 104 
7:00 PM 

FREE 

, 

UCSD's tSeasons' of struggle 
By ART SALAZAR 

Lettuce briefly consider the plight 
of the migrant farmworkers. They 
work all day, break their backs 
harvesting the fruits and vegetables 
we eat, to earn a dollar an hourl 

This injustice is the topic of two 
Luis Valdez one~act plays being 
performed this Cinco De Mayo on 
a stage in front of the Sun God, by 
UCSD's Teatro Ensemble. Two 
Faces of the Boss and The Fifth 
Season, both direced by Dr. Jorge 
Huerta, are part of the open house 
festivities planned for this Sunday. 
The shows begin at 3 pm. 

The T eatto's goal is to entertain 
and educate audiences at the same 
time. Each of the two plays, written 
in the '60s, are socially relevant 
today as the United Farmworkers 
Union, started by Cesdr Chavez, 
enters its twentieth year of struggle 
for equal rights. The works are being 
revived in honor of Teatro 
Campesino, the first group to have 
performed them, also celebrating its 
twentieth anniversary. 

Huerta is the spokesperson of a 
strongly committed group. His five 
actors have put in many hours 
learning the Comedia Del Arte style 
demanded by these pieces. This style 
is unique to Chicano Theater, asking 
players to physicalize the texts and to 
broaden realistic expressions. "The 
cast has the spontaneity of a group of 
people that seem to have worked 
forever and haven't; it has the 
excitement of a group of people that 
believe in the cause they are 
portraying; it has the vulnerability of 
people who have not been on the 
stage ever 'in their lives," said Huerta, 
"and that's good, because the 
audience has to have the sense that 
these people are not just drama 
majors interested in earning a grade. 
They are people intent on doing 
something for a purpose." 

VCSD'. Tecuro Enaemble will perfarm Sunday afCemoun in frant. of the Sun God. 

Both plays speak about the unfair 
practices of agri~business. Two Faces 
reveals the underhandedness of the 
grower to his farmworker. The play 
revolves around the boss' attempt to 
make believe he envies his worker's 
lifestyle. "Just one of my boys," says 
the boss, "comin' out here to the 
fields, workin ' with them cool 
iceberg lettuces." As the scene 
continues, the worker becomes 
mesmerized by the boss' groundless 
description of life on the ranch. 
When the boss does trade places, the 
fantasy dissolves and reality 
becomes a nightmare for him. 

In The Fifth Season, Maria the 

farmworker not only interacts with a 
crooked grower and his contractor, 
but also the four seasons, each 
becoming a character to be reckoned 
with. Playwright Luis Valdez said, 
" Winter or eEl Invierno ' is thus 
almost a living, breathing creature to 
the campesino (farmworker )-a 
monster, in fact bringing with him 
humiliation, starvation and disease." 
When the farm worker decides to 
strike, she is publicly seeking social 
justice. 

Fifth Season is dynamic because it 
incites those within the struggle and 
informs o therwise ambiguous 
newcomers. The humorous qualities 

Frotn Detroit to Holly\Vood: Salll 
Raitni is taking his o"Wn direction 

By ANDREW KEELER 
When Embassy Pictures screens its 

new hard-boiled, tough-guy spoof 
Broken Hearts and Noses Saturday 
night at the Grossmont Theater, it will 
be the first chance for most filmgoers to 
experience Sam Raimi. The 25-year-old 
Detroit native is one of the new ":young 
matleTicks" in the film industry. Three 
:years ago he made a cult thriller-chiller 
called The Evil Dead which attracted 
raws from critics as well as other fans 
like Stephen King. 

Originally titled The XYZ 
Murders, (Raimi inadvertently called 
it thu many times during the inter"iew), 
Broken Hearts and Noses is a "blast 
and a half. It is an important film-an 
important silly film. " He went on to say 
it was like Alfred Hitchcock meets the 
Three Stooges. Written with Joel and 
Ethan Coen of Blood Simple fame, the 
film StaTS Reed Birney, Sheree}. Wiuon 
and Louue Lasser. 

Raimi hru the dry wit of a stand-up 
comic and the hospitaliry of a doorman. 
He calls people "pal" but un't worried 
about being !abeleda "kid director." He 
spendl time in Los Angeles and New 
York, likes fishing and working in his 
garden, and didn't tell us what hu sign 
is. 

What was the first film )Ouewr saw? 
It was called Fantastic Vo:yage. It 

was a sci~fi fantasy adventure where 
they shrunk these people down and 
injected them into the bloodstream 

and these miniature people try to 
destroy the dead tissue with laser 
guns. It was a great story because 
they're attacked by the man's white 
corpuscles and a war breaks out. 

It sounds pretty intense for a 
)'OUngster . 

It was wry intense. It was the first 
time my father took me to a theater, 
and we came all dressed up in suits. 
A title came on the screen and my 
father read it to me, "You are about 
to see something no other human 
being has seen before." It was a very 
intense experience. 

Were )'OUr parents into film! 
My mother runs Lulu's Lingerie 

and Baba's Bra Store (laughs), and 
my father is a furniture salesman, so I 
guess you could say no. 

How did )'OU decide to make The Evil 
Deadr 

I had been making films in high 
school, and when I got to Michigan 
State I formed the cinema society 
with Robert Tapert. (Tapert is the 
producer of Noses). We made 
comedies together, and when we 
decided to make a feature film we 
decided on a horror film because we 
thought it was safer. 

How was the experience of raising the 
funding for The Evil Deadr 

It was a rampaging nightmare. It 
was the worst experience I have ever 
had. I dropped out of school for five 
semesters to get that money. 

Was it different for Noses? 
It was much easier. We went to 

Embassy, and it was like one-stop 
shopping. 

Was it a handicap gTowing HP in 
Detroit! 

I don't think so. There is no other 
backdrop like it. Since we were 
shooting mostly 8mm and 16mm 
films, we could have done them 
pretty much anywhere. When you 
are shooting a low~budget film, you 
can say, "All right, let's move on to 
the next scene, " but when you have x 
number of dollars on every minute, 
you finish that scene when you are 
supposed to. 

What does a director do when one of 
hu films is a flop? , 

It can be depressing. Anytime you 
put two years of your life into 
something and it doesn't work, then 
it hurts. You try to apologize to the 
audience by making a great film the 
next time out. 

What u Noses about? 
It is a rock 'em, sock 'em, wild 

picture. It is a movie about people 
who come across each other in 
Detroit. Two are lovers and two are 
rat exterminators trying to commit 
their first murder. The film is silly 
but it explores people's courage and 
strength while also sharing the 
characters ' embarrassments. 

What should mooiegoers expect? 
They can't come in with certain 

of this play make its strong theme 
easy to assimilate. 

During rehearsals, EI Teatro 
realized that it was essential to couple 
the pressing issues in each one-act 
with humor. According to members 
of the group, a one-act is lifeless 
without comedy. Valdez said, 
"Chicano theater, then, is first a 
reaffirmation of life. That is what all 
theater is supposed to be." 

The audience expected for 
Sunday's performance will be a 
mixture of spectators for Open 
House, and the Solidarity students 
gathered at the Winnie Mandela 
(Cluster) Library. 

Yowng diY'ectar Sam Raimi 

limitations. They must be willing to 
suspend their disbelief and be ready 
for a wild time. 

What ad"ice do )IOU hatlf fm' the 
juh4re directors of the world? 

Take advantage of the Super 8 
revolution. The young director has 
everything he needs-the camera, 
the actors and the light. Shoot 
around your city and keep making 
those $200 or $300 epics. If 
someone is really interested in 
making a big feature, the best route 
would be to raise money 
independently. The odds of getting 
the studio to finance your film are 
one in 100. This is a great time since 
there is a big emphasis on youth. 

How about them Tigers? 
We really kicked your [the 

Padres'] ass. Unfortunately, I 
watched the Series from a barstool in 
Los Angeles. 

May 2, 1985 Hiatus 3 



The anlVeRSI-C 
~ ____ ~_N_N_U_~_L~AYSALE 

General Book Department 
20°k, Off on All Magazines, Hardbound and 

Paperback Books (Except Titles Already Sale 
Priced), and Video and Audio Cassettes. 

Best Sellers on the N.Y. Times List are 
Discounted at 35°k, 

r:: 

Large Assortment of Imports, Remainders and ~~~~~ 
Bargain Books. 'f -j 

All Sales Are Final on Sale Merchandise. 

CASSETTES and 
RECORDS. 

AFFORDABLE PRICES 
Something for Everyone 

On ale for Limited 'I ime 
Shop Early for Best Selection 

.. 

r:: 

E ... 

MAJOR LABELS 
TOP ARTISTS 

Pop, Rock, Folk, 
Jazz and Classics 

BOO s-CORe 

Supply Department 
O r '£=;. ~ iF .:.:::: Drastic Reductions on Selected Items 

Imprinted Clothing 
--\= :...:: -. . - 0 ' ~--- . 
~ 

r II •• 
{l 

(-

I I 

o r ...::::l. 

Selected Gifts &: Novelties 
Framed Art Work 

:11T 1 ... D~ 
Look for the Mark Down Table, 

on Selected Merchandise, 
Outside the Sunshine Store ~ "II . • j e -U B. 

(_ [1 (l I I 

Medical-Technical Department 
Computer Software - 20°k, off list 

Special Tables of Academic Press and .' 
Grune & Stratton Titles at 20°k, Off 

Special Orders From Their Catalogue at 
209'b Disc oun t .... - TKt: IlllllllMUlICUL- A-R SY-8TEM--

Selected Medical Instruments at 
Meaningful Discounts 

Big Reductions on Anatomical Charts 
Sign Up For the Drawing For a 

Human Size Plastic Skeleton 

STORE HOURS: 

" Hiatus May 2, 1985 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 8:00 am-4:45 pm 
SATURDAY 10:00 am-4:00 pm 

May 2, 1985 Hum.. 5 



·~~~KfN ~fAHJS AN~ NOSfr ~tarrin~ WUl~f lA~~fR· fAUll. ~MIJH • ~~mN JAMf~ 
~~(RH J. Wll~ON • mWA~~ H. fHf~~MAN· ~RU~f ~AMf~fll8n~ ~nD ~1~Nfr 

hecutive rro~ucers mWAH~ H. ~Hf~~MAN an~ mVIN ~~A~IH~ rro~uced~, H~~fHIIA~(~1 
Written ~, JOfl COiN l H~AN C~(N l ~AM HAIMI ~irected ~~ ~AM HAIMI 

tEmrv l __ .... _ S 
Pacific's GROSSMONT Mall 

Grossmont Center Dr. Entrance #3 
Grossmont Shopping Center • 465-7100 

6 Hiatus May 2, 1985 

The creation 
of Basquiat: 
tArt Star' 

By JACK DURANT 
Jean Michel Basquiat is only 24 

years old but has already become far 
more commercially successful than 
most artists ever do. Basquiat is a 
painter, and his cryptic, primitive 
images have become the icons of the 
nouveau riche in New York. 
Beginning Friday evening, the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art 
will be displaying six paintings of 
Basquiat's as part of a two-person 
show. 

A peculiar phenomenon of the 
'80s is the "artstar": the young artist 
who suddenly becomes a celebrity. 
Like a movie star thrown into 
sudden fame, art stars get 
recognition, appear on magazines 
and become suddenly wealthy. 
Possessing a painting of Basquiat's 
has become, for the New York avant-
garde, like driving a BMW: an 
undisputed statement of status, of 
making it. 

It is the yuppie, the 35-year-old 
product of television 's values, 
seeking and demonstrating material 
success, who can turn a 19-year-old 
kid selling hand-painted sweatshirts 
and living in a friend 's basement into 
an internationally-recognized art 
star. What better place than LaJolla, 
a temple of transparent values, to 
display the work of an artist created 
by those values. 

Perhaps what triggered Basquiat's 
ascent into stardom was his 
relationship with Andy Warhol. 
Warhol has long been a major 
operator of the star machine, forever 
making icons out of people. He has 
blurred the boundaries of 
advertising and art by repeating 
images of Marilyn Monroe and 
Cambell's soup, turning the 
individual into the universal. 
Basquiat approached Warhol one 
day and sold him a sweatshirt. Since 
then, Warhol has featured Basquiat 
in his Incerview magazine, molded 
him socially and done collaborative 
works. Warhol's immense fame has 
essentially rubbed off onto Basquiat. 

Basquiat's fame may be a product 
of New York social climbers, but his 
talent is undisputed. His sense of 
color, the integrity of his primitive 
compositions, and his innovative use 
of surfaces on which to paint 
demonstrate a creativity which will 
make him a lasting force in modern 
art . This opportunity to see his work 
provides San Diego a rare view of the 
freshest directions in the on-going 
progression of art. For more 
information, call 454-3541. 

Goings on -
If you are a Prince fan, or are 

simply wondering what the 
hoopla is about surrounding his 
new album, you can tune in to 
our very own KSDT on Monday, 
May 6, from 12-1 pm and hear 
the record Around the World 
in a Day in its entirety. You can 
even participate in a public 
phone-in discussing its promise,. 
lack thereof, or his wardrobe. 
Tune in or Nne out. For more · 
information, call 452-3673. 

* * * 
Opening tonight at the 

Mandell Weiss Theatre is the 
West Coast premiere of William 
Hauptman's Heat. directed by 
Robert Woodruff. Tickets for 
this engagement can be 
purchased at the theater's box 
office or the UEO box office. For 
performance times, etc., call 
452 ... 574. 

* * * 
As part of the Performance 

Paramaters Series at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art, 
contemporary dancer / choreo-
grapher Timothy Buckley and 
the Troublemaken will appear 
May 4 at 8 pm. The two pieces 
presented, "How to Swing a 
Dog" and "Barn Fever," both 
feature various music/ dance 
forms in original arrangement. 
The performance will be held in 
the Sherwood Auditorium. For 
ticket info, call 454-3541. 

The Sushi Gallery will present 
the San Diego Poetry Forum on 
Monday, May 6, at 8 pm. The 
program, The Mexican Poetry 
Readini, will feature 13 poets 
from Tijuana and professor 
Ruben Ziscaino-Valencia, chair 
of the Department of University 
Extension, Universidad 
Autonoma of Baja California. 
Coinciding with the Cinco de 
Mayo weekend, this program 
will present poetry ranging from 
romantic to revolutionary, aU 
read in Spanish and translated in 
projected slides. 235-8466. 

* * * Opening May 4 at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art is 

~ 

a collection of six paintings of 
Jean Michel Baaquiat, who 
began as an exterior wall painter 
in lower Manhattan and now 
works in acrylics and oil. For 
more information, call 454-
0267. 

* * * 
Scent, sense and sound 

combine when pianist Cecil 
Lytle and dancer Terri Spraaue 
interpret "The Naked Scriabin" 
during the Bosendorfer Series, 
Sunday, May 5, at 3 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. The 
turn-of-the-century Russian 
composer Scriabin, like 
Kadinsky and the Munich artists 
group, strove to combine the arf!! 

, 

r1 Check it out 
The 'Sound' of thinal to come. Soundshapes, UC~LJ's 
contemporary music festival is highlighted by ' two 
performances next week. On Tuesday, May 7 Mandeville 
will ring with vocal and champer music composed by Will 
Ogdon, founding chair of the UCSD Music Department. 
FeatUred will be Carol Plantamura, Philip Larson, Janos 
Negyesy and others. The show starts at 8 pm. 

Wednesday night's Mandeville concert is a tribute to 
the mentors of UCSD composers . Thomas Nee will 
conduct works by Roberto Gerhard, Luigi Dallapiccola 
and Ernst Krenek and Rene Leibowitz. Tickets for the 8 
pm performance are $1 for students and $4 for general 
admission. 452~3229. 

into one sensual experience. 
Admission is $3 for students and 
faculty and $5 for general 
admission. For more informa-
tion, caU 452-3229. 

* * * On the music front this very 
eve, you have a wide choice of 
two highly recommended but 
varied shows. At Shooters in the 
La Jolla Village Inn, you can go 
sip a cocktail and catch guitar 
virtuosos Al Dimeola, Airto 
Morier. and Phil Markowitz 
at 8:30 pm. Tickets for this show 
are $14.50 and are available atall 
T eleseat outlets. If you only have 
$8.50 and prefer music of a slight 
more distortion and yelp, along 
with a few good rolls on the 
ground, you should trek down to 
the Spirit to check out the 
infamous return of The Lorda 
of the New Church. Watch 
Stiv go for a few good laughs and 
give Jerry a heart attack. For 
more info, call 272-8862. 

* * * In conjunction with the UCSD 
Open House, Revelle College 
will hold its fifth annual 
Renaissance Faire 11 am'" pm 
on Sunday , May 5 . As 
indigenous features of fairs of 
this sort, there will be madrigal 
singers, instrumental ensembles, 
jousters, jugglers and wandering 
minstrels. For more information, 
call 452-3493. 

Sunday, May 5, the date of the 
UCSD Open House, is also the 
date of a chamber music concert 
by the renowned Cuarteto de 
Cuerdaa Latino-Americano, 
which has just reNmed from a 
Middle Eastern tour. This special 
performance will be held in the 
Mandeville Auditorium and is 
free to the public. For more 
information, call 452-3229. 

* * * 
On Wednesday, May8, KPBS 

pre s ents the four-part 
Spacefliiht series from 8-9 pm, 
hosted by Martin Sheen . 
Features in the series are not only 
America 's determination to 
space travel but also the role of 
Russia in competition, along 
with rare footage never seen 
before. 

* * * This Saturday is a special 
performance of yours and mine, 
the one and o nl y real 
"headbangers," BOB, on the 
loading dock of Mandeville 
Auditorium at 6:30 pm. This 
special show of " industrial 
performance art" promises a 
buffet and dancing, although 
protective clothing is highly 
suggested if you wish to jump in 
the frivolities. Find out if all the 
rumors about BOB are really 
true, and better yet, have fun 
with them. 
-Compiled by Roddy Bogawa 

r-------UCSD Theatre has-----""" 
HOTTIXFOR 

VCSD Thtatrt pments------------------, 
The West Coast prtmitrt of 

H~T 
$1.00 Student Rush tickets 

for HHeat" on May 1, 5 and 12 only 
-~ hour before curtain-

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE 
PERFORMING ARTS 

Curtain May 1 at 8 pm, May 5 & 12 at 7 pm 

CALL 452-4574 for information 
First come, first served on a space available basis. 

By William Hauptman 
Directed by 

Robert Woodruff 
Regents' Lecturer 

"a searing portrayal of the 
1964 'Tucson Myrde rs ' 

story" 

May 2-5,9-12 
(May 1 preview) 

8pm/7pm Sunday 
$5-$8 

Mandell Weiss Cenler (or the Perfonning Arts 
- La Jolla Village Drive and Torrey Pines Road-
CaD 452·4574 for tickets and information. 

Tickets available at Weiss Center Ticket Office and 
University Events Box Office. 

May 2, 1985 Hiatus 7 



, J 

EIFS EARlt 
A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego 

WARREN 
COLLEGE 

~,~.,~ .~and"""" 
.~"""*'""fIlnO~ 

WARREN ON WHEELS 

As the old saying goes, "Time flies 
when you're having fun" . Well time 
is sure flying. It's the fifth week of 
school and we are about half way 
through with Spring Quaner. For 
some of us it means there are only 
six more weeks till graduation, while 
for others it might be the end of thei r 
first year of college. 

While last month was a great 
month for events and activities we 
will be slowing down just a tad this 
month. Starting with tonight, 
Thursday, May 2, there will be an 
Off-Campus Hou ing workshop at 
7:00 pm in the Warren Apanment 
Commons. This workshop will cover 
how to find housing, the service 
available here on campus, the 
legalities that are involved in the 
lea e agreement, dealing with 
roommate problems and landlord/ 
tenant right . So if you're looking for 
a place to live for next year and need 
some help in how to beat the 
hOUSing situation here in an Diego, 
stop by. 

On Fnday, May 17 we are 
sponsonng a softball game/ beach 
pany against Revelle Commuters. 
The game wHI take place at 5:00 on 
the BlOmed playing field , followed 
by a bea h party celebration, (I say 
celebration , because I know that we 
are gOing to beat Revelle) at Torrey 
Pmes Bea h We will proVide the 
food and refreshments, all you need 
to prOVide IS the softball equipment, 
competitive drive and your bathing 
suit. Please sign up for this event at 
the Provost office. 

On Tuesday, May 21 , we will be 
sponsoring our last Commuter 
Breakfast of the year. This time 
cooks will be the Warren College 
Academic AdVising staff (Karen, 
Mary, Lea, ylvla , Chris and 8arb). 
Also cooking will be Warren College 
Resident Dean Mary Ruth Warner, 
and Asst. Resident Dean, Monte 
Broaded. Our Dean and Asst. Dean 
will make speCial guest appearances 
and we may even have our Provost 
Michael Addison Join us. The event 
starlS at 7:30 am and lasts until 9:00 
am. The cost is $1.00 for all you can 
eat. The menu will be pancakes, 
eggs, danishes, bacon, etc. Please sign 
up for this event at the Dean's Office. 
Resident students are welcome too! 

Don't forget to apply for next 
year's Commuter Intern posi tion! 
That's all for now. Until next time ... 

JoeyTse 
Commuter Intern 

Summer Placements 
Now Available 

THE WARREN COLLEGE 
VOLUNTEER PROGRAM 

We have many new and exciting 
placements from the Daycare 
Center to the International Center, 
and from the United Way to the 
YMCA, there IS an opportunity for 
YOUI All It t,lkes IS a few hours J 
week Jnd the de Ire to help your 
Lommunlt}' 1 here arc even 
placements here on Lampusl 0 
come on over to the Warren Dean s 
of lice <lnd check us out. Get taned 
now, or volunteer dunng summer 
break l I·or more Info contact Oem I.' 
Campbell .It the Dean s office 

.... 8 Hiatus May 2, 1 5 

WARREN COLLEGE BE HELD ON MONDAY, 
COMMENCEMENT MAY 13. INFORMATION 
SPEAKER AUDITIONS SHEETS AVAILABLE AT 

ARREN DEAN'S OFFICE. 
SIGN-UPS ACCEPTED UNTIL 
FRIDAY, MAY 10 
AT 4:00 P.M .. 

FOOTNOTE 1: GRADUATING 
SENIORS, WATCH YOUR 
MAIL FOR THE SENIOR 
LETTER. 

WARREN COMMUTER 
INTERNSHIPS 

Students can apply for the 1985-86 
Warren Dean's Commuter Intern 

position. Work 10-12 paid hours per 
week. Develop College events for Off<ampus 

Students, edit Commuter Handbook and more. 
Hard work and lot's of fun! 

Pick up referral at the 
Student Employment Office. $6.11 /hr. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
Extended to Wednesday, May 8. 

For more information call Joey Tse 
at 452-4731. 

What Is It? 
The Academic Internship 

Program offers Junior and Seniors, 
with at least a 2.5 GPA, the 
opponunity to earn academic credit 
while working full time or pan time 
in an off-campus placement. 
Placements are deSigned to match 
students' major areas of academic 
study and to correlate with their 
career goals. 

How Much Credit Can I Eam? 
The AcademiC Internship 

Program may grant students up to a 
maximum of 16 unit!> of credit 
which may be taken in increment 
of 4,8 or 12 units per quarter. You 
will work from 10-40 hour a week. 

SUMMER INTERNSHIPS 
Apply Now for A 

Summer Session Intership 
ow is the time to begin plannIng 

you r ummer 1985 Intern hip! 
Many opportunI tie are JV'Jilable -
In all dl L1plInes Come In to W..lrren 
CJmpu· -106 Jnd talk with us about 
these eXLlting Internships 

Health Professions/ 
Pre-Med 

umerous ou:llc/I( placements 
available In an Diego and other 
locations AcqUire th ·lt allimponam 
practical expenenc before applying 
to medical .,chool.,1 1'1,lu:mem., 

include: UCSO Medical School and 
UniverSity Hospital; Scripps Clinic 
&: Research Foundation; Salk 
Institute; Molecular Biosystems; 
Behring Dynamics ; Veterans 
Administration Hospital; Scripps 
Memorial Hospital ; S'.anford 
UniverSity School of Medicine; 
University of California an 
Francisco. 

Psychology/Sociology/ 
Anthropology Students 

You will find excellent 
opponunities available in schools 
for learning disabled, emotionally 
handicapped children , adolescents 
Lmd adults. Internships are also 
avaIlable In socia l agencies , 
hosplt..lls and clinics. These Include: 
Project Oz; ew Alternatives; 
University Ilospital Department of 
Psyc h I <It ry; .0 ounty Mental 
Health , ~cripps Memonal Hospital 
&: Veterans Administration 
Alcoholism -I reatment enter 
(cli nical ,lnd research); AsSOCiation 
ror Retarded Citizen ; Children' 
Ho pltal Language Reearch enter; 
.0 Ity Attorneys Office 01 pUle 

Resolution Program 

How Do I Get tarted? 
Corne 10 to [he Academi ' 

Illlern.,hlp Office at -106 Warren 
Clmpus (across the street from the 
Provost Olhce) one qu,mer before 
you want to Intern 

-Academic Advising NokS-
NEW G.E. REQUIREMENTS 

FOR FALL 1985 
ENTRYSruDENTS 

AT WARREN COLLEGE! 

Warren College 's General 
Education requirements have 
undergone significant changes, 
effective Fall , 1985. These changes 
are required ONLY for students 
entering in Warren the Fall oj 1985 
and thereafter (i.e . brand new 
students and new transfer students). 

Students who initially entered 
before Fall 1985 may choose to fulfill 
either the old or new requirements 
for graduation. But it is an "all or 
nothing" choice: whichever set of 
requirements you choose, you must 
meet them in their entirety. 

Before you make a decision on 
which set of requirements to follow, 
come into the Provost Office where 
handouts on the new G.E. 
requirements are available. Read the 
handouts carefully and if you still 
have questions, see an Academic 
Advisor. 

There are two changes and they 
are biggies: 

1. In addition to the two 
course sequence in writing 
(Warren Writing lOA & lOB) 
there is an additional 4 unit 
course entitled "Ethics & 
Society". This is a Sophomore 
level course that will first be 
offered in the Spring, 1986, and 
every Quaner thereafter. All Fall 
1985 and thereafters must take 
thiS course. 

2. Both Programs of Concen-
tration must be NON-CONTIGU-
OUS TO EACH OTHER and 
NON-CONT IGUOUS TO 
YOUR MAJOR. This rule will be 
applied to all BA degrees. 

A sim ilar principle will be 
applied to the B .. degree: both 
of the secondary areas of study 
must be non -contiguous to eaeh 
other and non-contiguous to 
the major. 

In sum, all three major dl ciplIne 
Mea ( ocwl clenee; Humanities & 
fine Arts , Natural clence & 
Quantitallw tudles) are required as 
part of the EW G.E. requirements 

Anyone out there glad that you're 
..llre..ldy In the ystem? 


