
Art Museu 
)fUSe'll:,", , 

tbe lllost f 
otld , inCluding BOSetta stone. 

(1:,.,4 ,A.lbeft 
pdJn8l'l ob3ect 
ta Ulusttate 
~tzes LiC8, engta~ing, 
ings, teStues, 
l pt\nciPaU' to 
ountdea. 
,tiOf1,(1l G41Ufll , ~t nutnbet of 
:ltings bY Da 
etta,14antepa, 
}k, Bubens, 
.. ble, and 'l'Ut'net . 
T4te G411efll , ~t of tbe N 
atnageCi during 
IUt. w" 

WcdUICe 
ob1ets 4'4ft and 
t.nd {itst-t'an\t 
Ita,uan, spanish, 
Usb artists. 

lJOn (1on, ~v.u 1488tet6, incl 
14ichelangelO, "A"'~' Bellini, J l101bein, 

tnost fatnOUS 
_ .. ,.. noted fot 

Jouh: 
welcome 



tudents of the arts ilt UCSD will 
hlghhght the end of the academic year 
wuh the Third Undergraduate Arrs 
Festival May 24 through June 8 

Undergraduate students of drama, 
communications, Video art, dance, 
mUSIC, Visual arts and performan e ha\'e 
planned nearly 50 evems for thiS year's 
festival, according to coordinator 
Ehzabeth Elkm 

"Many presentations are expenmemal 
and innovallve, created b), students who 
tudy under mtemallonally-known 

faculty members," she said 
MUSIC events Include a performance 

forum for students Monday, june 3, 8 
pm, In the Mande\~lIe ReCItal Hall ; the 
UC D jazz ensemble, directed b), Jimmy 
Cheatham, wtll perform Tuesda)', june 4, 
8 pm, In the Mande\~lIe Audltonum, 
and the UCSD Chamber Ensembles w1l\ 
perform Wednesday, june 5, 8 pm, In 
the Mande~lIe Recital Hall 

Also, the UCSD Concert ChOir. 
directed by john Lauer, wIll deliver an 
ecleenc program Thur day, june 6, 8 
pm, in the MandeVille Auditonum; the 
UCSD Wind Ensemble, directed by 
Cindy Earnest, will perform classics for 
wind instruments Friday, june 7, 8 pm , 
m the MandeVille Audltonum; finishing 
with a performance by the UC D 
Guitars Saturday June 8, 8 pm, 111 the 
Mandeville ReCital Hall 

The vl!>ual an!> department Will offer 
slUdent works In the Mandeville Annex 
Gallery june 3-7 , from noon-5 pm, 
WInding up with a closing reception 
June 7 from 4-6 pm 

Stude nts who were given visual arts 
project grants for their works are 
Denise Cannel for pall1ung triptych, 
Ann ChamberlaIn for "InSide/ Out ," a 
three-person collaboration; james 
Gannon for "Geisha," a video; Taml 
Grayson for "InSide Out;" Jeff Gosline 
for "Child's Play," a drawmg Installation, 
Ray Haywood for "Three Suits," 
drawing/pamung sculpture; Theresa 
Milligen for "Body Pans II," sculpture; 
David Shellenberger for "On This 
Evening," pamtlng; and Lisa tocker [or 
"The Myth of Za," palming/ sculpture. 

Additional projects funded through 
the undergradua te arts festival steering 
committee are: Chris Young for 
"Inside/ Out;" Scott Feldsher, Ethan 
Feerst and Bill TrejO for a coUaborauon 
on the dramatic production "Despoiled 
Shore/Medea Material/ Landscape for 
Argonauts;" and Richard Wmters/Chns 
Young for "Che renOvation." 

An mterdisciplinary theatre 
production "DespOiled Shore/Medea 
Material/ Landscape for Argonauts" will 
take place Friday and Saturday, June 7 
and 8 at 8 pm , in a natural 
amphitheater located northeast of the 
UCSD Central University Library. 

::'tudent5 5<1)' thl!> fe u\'al event lone of 
the ml5t ambitious attempted b), 
undergraduates 111 the history of Ihe 
school 

o 
Marc Gittelsohn. for 13 years the 

lIbrarian of UCSD's Cluster 
ndergraduate Library, has been 

conferred the title EmerItus Llbranan. 
He retired In December, 1984. 

"ThiS honor. whtch is testimony to 
your wtdely recogl1lzed dedication to 
education , formally acknowledges your 
dtstlngulshed career a a (U nIVerSI!)' of 
CalI omla) Librarian," said University of 
CalIfornia PreSident DaVId P. Gardner, 
who conferred the title . 

Glttelsohn said It IS the first time 111 
UCs history that someone 111 the 
lIbra nan series has been given that title. 

Gittelsohn , a reSident of Del Mar, 
graduated with a degree in history from 
UC Berkeley, where he later received hiS 
master of hbrary sCience degree. He 
worked for ~5 years In UC Berkeley 
ltbraries and transferred to the UC D 
campus 111 1971. 

Currently Gittelsohn is doing 
collection development at the UCSD 
Central Library in the fields of EnglIsh 
and American literature. He is enrolled 
111 the docent trall1ing program for the 
Torrey Pines State Preserve , and IS 
II1volved in developll\g his personal 
collection of modem American first 
novels and plays, 

o 
Dr, Murray Goodman, professor of 

cheml tr)' al UC D, has been 
recognized for hiS contributions to 
research and teaching by the Humboldt 
Foundation of the Federal RepublIc of 
Germany. 

The foundation named him reclple :1t of 
It prestigious SenIor US cientistAward, a 
$17,000 prize given out annually to 
encourage research cooperation between 
Amen an and German scientists. 

As a Humboldt honoree, Goodman 
will be expected to deliver 
approximately a dozen lectures at major 
German un iverSities and laboratories 
during the next year and a half. In 
addition, he plans to spend up to a 
month as a guest lecturer at one or two 
of these instllutions, He IS the second 
UCSD scientist to capture the award 

Goodman, a resident of La Jolla , has 
made numerous contributions in the 
fields of polymer, organic and bIOlogical 
chemistry. His recent work has resulted 
111 the development of a novel approach 
to the understanding of prin Iples 
governll1g the shapes and conformations 
of proteIns, 

In addition , he has been investigating 
the phenomenon of taste. HIS work on 
sweetness, 111 particular, has led to the 

~----------~~----------~ 

Cover: Te nth week. Tenth week, spring quarter. To 
study or not to study, that is the question. Often , sitting 
on your blocks seems like the only viable solution to the 
dilemma. We hope you solve your dilemma, and that yOU . 
make up for the last nine weeks of sleepless carousing 
within the next two weeks, Good luck, and may the force 
be with you, 

News: The ASUCSD budget passes, the AS [ac tions battle 
over who will get what space in the Student Center next year, 
Wayne Holden's shooting is still under investigation, and a 
look at Psych. Services-what they do, how they do it, and 
how little money and staffing they do it with . 
Opinions: Letters to the editor overtake the Opinions 
section as readers write in about Wayne Holden's death , time 
budgeting and illegal towing, Plus Doonesbury, 
Perspectives: A tribute to the many fine illustrators who have 
accompanied our writers over the past two years. 
Sports: The traditional end -of-the-year intercollegiate 
awards banquet takes on a new and interesting flavor- a 
hickory flavor, perhaps- as the male and female Athletes of 
the Year and other intercollegiate award winners are 
announced, 
Plus .. , The Weekly Calendar 

COVER PHOTO BY RICH PECjAK 

development of several synthetic sweet 
compounds. 

A thi rd area of research, which could 
leave ItS mark on the fi eld of medicine, 
Involves the development of drugs 
which are modified by the attachment 
of speCific carrie r molecules. 

"The (carrier-drug) conjugates could 
nnd their way to specific target tissues 
to carty out their biological functions ," 
Goodman sa id. "This ma), be the 
begi nn ing of the development of what 
we term 'smart drugs.'" 

Goodman served as acting provost of 
UCSD's Revelle College from 1972 to 
1974 and chairman of the chemistry 
department from 1976 to 1981. He is 
the author of more than 200 papers and 
many review anicles, the editor of the 
Journal Biopolymers and a co-author of 
the textbook Organic Molecules in Action . 

Goodman received his PhD. in 
organic chemistry at UC Berkeley in 
1952 and carried out postdoctoral 
research at the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology and Cambridge 
UniverSity in England before joining the 
facu lty of the Polytechnic Institute of 
Brooklyn. He Joined the UCSD facul ty in 
1971. 

o 
The UCSD Dance Program presents 

An Evening ot Dance with guest an ist 
Bill Evans. The program Will conSis t of 
works choreogra phed by UC D facu lt y 
and performed by UCSD students, with 
a speCial performance hy the Ball et 
Society Ensemble and guesl anist Eva ns. 
Performances are Saturday, june i and 
Sunday, June 2 held at the Mandeville 
AuditOrium at 8 pm. 

Tickets at $7 general admiss ion and 
$5 for students are available al the 
Universi ty Events Box om e or at 
Ticket Master outlets. For ticket 
information caU 452-4559 or 452-6467 , 

The program is a festival of dance, 
offering the viewer many premiere 
works from the faculty and the 
enveloping dancing of Bill Evans. Evans 
wiII be performing two solos, One IS a 
suite of tap dances called "Pop's Rag" to 
the music of James ScOtt. and the 
second is primal modem dance done to 
East Indian Tabla music by Mahapurush 
Misra called 'Tin TaL" Both solos are 
choreographed by Evans. 

Evans will also be teaching a master 
class open to the community on Sunday, 
June 2 at I pm in the Nonh Balcony of 
the Main Gym. The fee is $6. For 
rese rva tions and information , call Ann 
Jones at 452-2020. 

- Renee Wenrick 
o rsection~--------------------------------------------------~ ~ AS Council approves 1985-86 budget 

The AS CounCil approved the fmal versIOn of the KSDT Radio was allocated $20,4 10 as we ll as a 
S505,2OC 1985-86 budget Wednesday night. SIO,OOO mandated reserve contnbutlon and an S8 ,309 

The new budget II1cludes allocations lor nearly 
$20,000 111 student salaries and $26,000 in staff salaries. 
Among the student salaries are one-time stipends of 
$1 ,580 for the AS president and $1,307 for eae h of the 
three AS vice presidents. 

The budget estimated a quarterly income 01 more than 
$150.000 next year as well as a $30.000 carty-over th iS 
year. The AS income comes almost exclusively from 
student "activi ty fees" which are included in regl~tration 
fees. 

amortization fu nd for the future purchase of eqUipment 
The Sun God Festiva l was allocated more than 

$16,000 with a projec ted Income ofS6,5oo. According to 
AS President Mary Rose Alexander, the Sun God Festival 
IS expected to become a two-day eve nt that wi llll1clude 
carnIval rides . 

The alternative med ia were allocated a tota l of 
$52,000, which included an $8 ,000 amortiza tion for 
new typesetting equipment. 

The AS also allocated llself $13,495 for operating 
expenses. 

Among other major allocations were $5,000 for ofr 
Rese rves, $5 ,000 for the Lecture Notes Service, $7,781 for 
se rvices unallocated . and $10,000 for (he AS Bulletin in 
the GUllrdion . 

Ten thousand dollars was also allocated for an item 
ca lled "New Service," AccordIng to Alexander, the AS 
envIsions opening a food service or ca fe fo r 
"mainstream" UCSD students, 

SIXty thousand dollars is reserved in the student 
organizations unallocated fund . Five thousand dollars 
is reserved for special programming, and more than 
$10,000 IS in the general unallocated fund . ~ 

- Sean Wagstaff 

1/""",/\ JII"" j l'iIi.S 3 

Servicing the psyches of students 
By KATHLEEN SCHOLL. Staff Wntcr 

PSYCHOLOGICAL ERVICES at UCSD, one of th e most important services fo r students, fac ulty and 
staff on campus, suffe rs from 
underfundmg and the lack of adequate 
sta fr. 

ApprOXima tely ten to 20% of the 
UCSD population, aboul 3,000 students, 
utilIze the service yea rly, Involving both 
mdividua l and group thempy. Each of 
the fi ve ps)'chological service ce nters, 
located on each campus, are staffed by 
only two to three counselors. 

The services of the psychologists are 
free to UCSD students, staff and faculry 
and tnclude a Wide vartety of both 
group therapy, sorial support groups 
and indiVidual therapy 

"People come in for psychological 
counseli ng firs t of all hecause they're 
experiencing a discomfon," accord tng to 
Dr john Giebink , dire tor of 
Psychological ervlces "There are twO 
general kinds of discomforts, people 
feehng very anxIous or depressed , A 
majority of the people who come in fi nd 
that they're not functlol1l ng academically 
o r sociall ), as well as they would like." 

.. tudenrs are In a con fl icti ng position 
because, on the one hand , they're told 
t hat they're independent persons and 
yet , on the other hand , they are almost 
always sti ll \l ed to their fo lks," 

Dr. Giebink suggests that if people are 
not sure whether they should seek 
psyc hological cou nseli ng, they should 
study their lIvi ng habits and see if there 
are Ihings that they ca n alter or Im prove 
upon. If a person docs that Jnd feels 

satisli ed , that's fin e, he sa id . But If the re 
IS a problem or an issue that they keep 
wrestling with and don't seem to come 
up with solutions, th ey should think 
about comi ng in. In th is day and age , 
there's no need for people to kee p 
banging their heads against the wall , 
Gieb tnk said . 

Psychological ervices supports and is 
involved with several speCial selVlces on 
campus, includi ng support groups such 
as "Women in Scie nce," "Black Forum" 
and !.AGO, It IS also active in the 
leadership training for HA's, RA's and 
for orientation leaders. 

Some of the general therapy groups 
they ponsor Include eating disorders , 
assertlvenes~ training, dealing wuh 
anx lety, SOCial sk ill bUildIng and alcohol 
and substance abuse . 

"One of the things tha t makes up a 
great service," Dr. Giebink said , "is that 
we are flexible and adaptable We have 
a staff thm represe nts JUSt about every 
theoretical persuasion , and I think that's 
great because In psychological treatment 
at this stage of the game there are no 
Simple answers." 

Psychological Services has had a 
problem with getting some students to 
feel comfonable using the program . 

'T here's always going to be a small 
stigma attached to us," Dr. Giebrink 
said . "Once people come in, I think 
they find that there is no real stigma 
attached. The ave rage number of 
sessions for one individual IS about SIX 
to IX and a half. and a lot of times the 
student only needs to come in for twO 

AnENTION 
ALL G IES!!! 

UNIELIEY AILE AUTO/TRUCK 
FINANCING PLAN· 

From GMAC 
(Auto Financing Dw. of GM) 

• No Previous Credit Required 
• Only 5% of Total Price/Down Payment Required 

• Up to 60 Months Available 
• Preferred Interest Rates for~,praduates 

• First Monthly Payment Due 3 Months From 
Delivery Date 

• LeaSing Plins Also Available 
• Eligible vehicles 011 ne-w ond dernonstrotor Chevrolet ond GM 

Ulrs ond light-duty trucks. 

CONDmONS OF OFFER 
• 1985 Gr~du~te With Minimum 4 Ye~r Dlplom~ • 

• Employed or Venfi~ble Employment O ffer I I • 

WHERE-I lOW? 
Contact Dcnls Alexander at 

7978 Balboa Avenue 
(Between 805 and 163) 

San Diego, California 
(619) 5iO-9OO1 

or three visits. After aU , It'S OK if you 
have a he:.daehe to see a doctor who 
can prescribe a medication; hut to see a 
psyc hologist who might be able to help 
you With that headache; society is not 
as acceplin)(." 

&c.luse of the stigma attached to 
menwl he.llth servlcr<; it' diffIcult for 
PSYl:hologlcal en'l. cs at UCSD to 

maintaIn funding from the Regents Fee 
Committee. 

"We are definitely In need of more 
people, we are under taffed," said Dr. 
GiebInk. "We don 'I get testimonials like 
the Recreations and Athletics 
Department or the Dean's office, so It 'S a 
lilde hard for us to compete for the 
Regent Fee dollars." ~ 

Shooting investigated 
By PHIL WILl ON, A'SOCIClIC N~",s EdJlor 

San Diego homicide detectives are 
still investigating last Tuesday's police 
shooting that resulted in the dea th of 
former UCSD student Wayne Douglas 
Holden . The ase IS expected to he 
reVIewed by the District Attorney's 
Office later this week. 

At the end of last week. San Diego 
Poltce administrators defended the 
officers' deciSion to open fire on the 
knife-wielding Holden . whom officers 
claim was run nll1g after a resident of a 
house he had entered 

Holden was shot six times after he 
dove through a wll1dow of a stranger's 
residence in his San Marcos 
neighborhood , held a 20-mll1 ute stand-
off with police officers during which he 
threatened to inure himself or anyone 
who approached him, and then led 
pohce on J six-hlock chase 

HomiCide detective Lt. Paul 
Ybarrondo explained wh)' the officers 
fired six rounds at Holden: "When it 
becomes a life-and-death situation, the 
officers are trained to shoot until the 
person stops, and that's what they did," 

Memon.11 services were held for 
Holden on Sunday, wtth several fnends , 
family members and UCSD faculty 
paying trtbute . 

Holden was a junior 111 philosophy 
and was in the process of transfernng to 
UC Santa Cruz. 

Holden's father . Roben, has told the 
city thm he will be fIling a CivIl SUit 
ag.lmst them for what he labeled as a 
"gross misuse of force ," and 5<l ld he Will 
be watching Ihe District Attorney's 
actio" care full)'. The Amencan Civil 
Llhe dC~ LJ nion Said they will also be 
monitoring the case ~ 

I TOYOTA ' . HONDA ~4~'o~ .(Q "a~A.~ 
Brake Job 
Special S45 
front ....... (regularly $80 00) 
Brake JOO Includes, 
1 Inslall special new pads 0< 

Inslall rear brake shoes 
2 Drain old brake flUid 
3 Inspecl complete hydraulic system 
4 Refill hydraulic fl Uid 
5 Bleed enllre brake system 
6 Adjust fronl (If drums) and rear shoes 
7 Replace front rolO< seals (Wilh rotOf t~) 
8 Road lesl 
Nole. Hydraulic parts are not Included 

Clutch Job 
Special $199 
(regul~y $325.(0) 
Honda. Toyota. Datsun (nol Z models) 
and Volks Iype 1, 2 & 3 
We replace 
t TransmiSSion InPUI shafl seal (eKcept Hondas) 
2 Prl!SSlle plale 
3 Clulch diSC 
4 Throw 001 beanng 
5 P,iol beamlgs 
6 New Iransmlsslon 011 
7 Road lesl 
Nole Hydraulic parts are nOI coyered 

Brand new parIS 
AsIIlIIIout our special r .... 
for ....... overhMl" 

l.-I VOLKS 
. Q., ob ~ :.c-

''lpQ {l .r1t>.t'~ 
Minor Tune-Up ~-P:~ 
Special $35 (reg $6000) 
Our tlJle'UP includes a lot more than others 
II includes ' 
I Sp.-I< plugs 
2 DlslnbulOf poinls 
3 Condensers 
4 AdlUSI timing 
5 AdlUSI dwell angle 
6 Check & replenish all 

fluid & 011 levels 
7 Check brakes 

8 Check ciulch 
9 Check lighls 

10 Ched< under' 
camago tor damages 

II CMeck COOling 
syslem & hoses 

12 Road lest 

Major Service (26'polnl) 
Special $99 (regulat1y $130 00) 
Our malOf Iune-up Includes 15. Ched< & aqust 

t Compression test elqlOSed belts 
2 Valve aqustmenl 16. lube fronl end 

Replace 1 7 Ched< & replenish all 
3 Valye cover gasket. flUid & 011 levels 
4 Spark plugs, 18 Check brakes 
5 DislnbutOf points, 19 Check clutch 
6 C~. 20 Check lighls 
7 Air filler , 21 Check undercarnage 
8 011 fi ller. 10< damages 
9. Gas filter and 22 CMeck & recharge 

10 Engll .. 011 ballery If necessaIY 
11 Aqusl timing 23 Check life pressure 
12 AdiuSI dwell angle 24 lube dOOf hlllgts 
13 Aqusl C<ir1luretOf 25 Check cooling system 
U Adjust air & fuel & hoses 

rallO mll(lure 26 Road lesl 
NOle t for 6'cyflnder cars and Rabbt ls Oasner;. 
Sclroccos. & FiaiS. add $20 TOYOla Supras add S30 
Datsun 200SX With 8 spat1< plugs add 535 2 MiIlOf 
lune'UPS IOf IIW (EJ<Cepl vans & squarebacks lale< than 
1972) Beelles, 1972 and laler $80 and prlOf 10 72 
$70 3 IOf VW Things and Karmann Ghlas-only S60 

All our worIl ..... 2-,.. or 20,000 ..... IInIned WIn'IIIIIy 
longest w;nanty In lown- e!lCept t~I4lS, which have a 6' montll pantee Appoontments made during the 

yalldny of the ads Will slIll be good aherw.ds We c.-I give you exceIIenl references from O\K Silllsfled customers 
Please caU fOf funher mfOITIIatlOll & ifl\lOIntments. This special IS goocS only fOf the CM5 menlloned above 

AI prtceIlIIcIIIdI ..... , ..... • ..... s.away 1:00 ....... PI" 

overseas 
Automotive Repairs 

4 4t •••• 6 • 

TOWing & renlal cal available 
Ofler good only Ihrough May 3 t 1985 
HoUls Monday·Fnday 7 30 am·6 00 pm 

C lose<! Sunday 
8008 Mlramal Ad -B" 115-1 _ 

Call for apPointmenl now 



ncefrfr~lr~llcefrfr~lr~ll®frfr®lr~n®tttt®rr~n®ttfr®lr~n®frtt®lr~n®ttfrcelr~n®tttt~lr~n~tttt®lr~ll®frfr®rr~n®frfr®lr~n® 
~®rr$lettersll®frtt®lr~leilit®lr~n~tt t®lf~ll~ttf(~lf~ n~{ttt®rr~n®ilit®lr~n®frfr®lf~n®frtt®rr~n®frlt®lr~ncefrlt<e 
Wayne Holden's death 
Editor: 

When 1 gO[ home to my on-campus 
apa rt ment tonight around mIdnight, 1 
saw twO police officers and a UCSD 
security guard They were standi ng by 
the staIrs leading to Illy home . 1 thought 
of Wayne Holden, as 1 have often done 
the pa t twO days The door to Ill)' 
apartment was open; ,lll the hghts were 
on; no one was home. 1 thought of the 
cops right outSIde, and 1 thought of 
Wayne Holden . 

I'd Just spent the evening drinking 
corree with a friend I knew ea rlier that I 
was still too upset about the events of 
thIS wrek to tudy. My friend would 
understand-he's seen what cops could 
do, and have done altogether toO often. 

o my deserted apartlllent seellled 
ominous. 

Law and order just are n't on the side 
of the people these da)'s. I've been 
harrassed by the cops. 1 have friends 
who've been harrassed by the cops. I 
have fnends, Innocent people, who tell 
me about haVIng guns held to their 
heads by cops I have a friend who was 
kIlled b)' the cops. 

Thesc instruments of Justice shouldn't 
be human so the), aren't The)lve 
become dehumanized b) lear, by the 
Ilhcll, secrel JOY that comes from 
sho t1ng a person SIX tlllleS, or by Just 
knOWing that they ha\'e the power to kill 
at any moment. 

I spoke to a cop once, and he told 
me of the fear thai held hIm evcry 
second that he was on duty. He always 
had to wonder what was gOing on In 
the car that he Just pull ed over for 
peedlng. He never knew what was 

gOing to happen while he tried to do 
hIS Job. ThiS uncanniness WdS 
unbearable It was ruining his hfe . One 
day, he was harrassed by a cop. He 
happened to have hIS umfonn on. but it 
was cove red by hIS motorcycle SUit . He 
qUll hIS job. 

Not everyone feels he or she can quit 
h IS or her job, though . 0 , frightened 
people, maybe unbalanced , caIT)' guns, 
bi lly clubs and the weight of 
respons ibili ry on their shoulders. 

It takes Illore to be a cop than what 
the men who kIlled Wayne Holden had. 
And we. as people liVing In a 
frightening society, have to demand that 
cops get more than what those men got. 
DIsarmament tactics, psychological 
training, poilteness lessons, ~tudles In 
the long hIstory of pohce hrutali t), and 
harrassment , all have to be conSIdered . 

But how can you pUl courage ina 
man who's afraId of getting nicked by a 
kitchen kmfe that 's In the hand of a 
140 lb . )'outh~ And how can you replace 
a hfe-or the many lives that have heen 

lo~t to pohce Incompetence' 
Tracy Cummmings 

Editor. 
I am writing In regards to the 

edi torial written by Manhewj. Cronin in 
the May 30 editton of the Guardian . In 
thiS editonal , Cronin attacked the an 
DIego Police Department for resorting to 
"bloody primeval Ins tinct" and 
"murdering" a hysterical , kni rt::-wielding 
UC D student. 

There is no denyi ng that the death of 
Wayne Dougla Holden was shocking 
and upsetting to the members of the 
UC D community. Indeed, the si tuation 
did get OUt of comrol and resulted in a 
tragi death . Yet , in his article, Cronin 
chose [Q exploit this event in an 
emotional outcry against the entire an 
Diego Police Department. Cronin fails to 
nOlI' , however, that this incident 
involved a handful of police officers in 
one Isolated incident. Is this grounds for 
calling the entire San Diego Police 

Department "a licensed group of careless 
vigilantes" who condone "reactionary 
violence"? 

Cronin also claims that a county 
mental agency should have handled the 
situation . However, in his passionate 
statement, Cronin ignores the fact that 
once Holden began swinging a knife , he 
became a threat to himself and to 
others. At that point, the matter required 
police attention-not a band of mental 
health workers. Imagine the public 
outcry if the police had allowed a 
mental health unit ro appear on the 
scene and members of the 
ne ighborhood had been Injured by 
Holden. We all would havc been 
outraged at the lack of police protec tion 
which we all consider as our nght-a 
right that we all too often take for 
granted 

As the daugh ter of a poilee officer 
who has been a member of the 
O<lkland, Caillo rnla, Police Depanment 

for 20 ),ears, I have seen first-hand the 
diITicultlcs police oITicers face . And I 
object ro the kmd of sweepmg 
ge nemlizations made by Cromn. It IS far 
too easy and SimplistiC ro atta k all 
police for the actions of a few. People 
often fail to realize that the police are 
doing a job that we , sitting in our ivory 
towcrs behmd barbed fences , refuse to 
do. Remember that those ofTicers arrived 
at the scene so that you and I would not 
have to face the knife-wielding Holden. 
And each day, thousands of oITicers take 
to our streets to handle the sad realities 
of our society-realities that we are 
spared from in our day-to-day lives. 

We are often irritated by the 
poli eman at the comer who gives us 
tickets for rolling through srop signs. But 
how often do we commend the officers, 
particularly the big-city officers, who 
risk their lives each and every day for 
us, dealing with out-of-control drug 
addicts, rescuing our stolen property, or 
locking up violent murderers? 

As anyone close to a police officer 
knows, the Job affects each and every 
aspect of an officer's life, and certainly 
takes its toll on the officer, his family 
and friends . Imagine hearing your father 
leave for work in the morning and never 
knowing for sure that he would return 
for di nner that night. These risks are 
certainly not motivated by a "bloody 
primeval instinct," but by a genuine 
concern for humaniry. 

Holden 's death may have been 
unnecessary. But it is important ro not 
let this terrifying event cloud our 
judgment. For every example of "police 
brutaliry" there are thousands of 
examples of quiel heroism. We as 
students should be particularly attuned 
to all sides o f an Issue. 

Cronin ,mempts to make us aware of 
the Injusll ces that surround us 
However, by chooslIlg to attack the San 
Diego Police Department in general , 
Cromn hllnself ha~ commllted hIS own 

Injustice. 
Andrea J Clark 

Editor: 
Three years ago I witnessed an 

incident similar to the one involving 
Wayne Holden which was reported in 
Thursday'S Guardian . 1 was enjoyi ng a 
day at the park in my hometown when 
an altercation broke out between a 
),oung man and his father The young 
man was later found to be under the 
influence of PCP. The police were call ed 
to the scene and began chasmg the 
man, who was wielding a knife . When 
the man was approximately 20 yards 
away from me and a group of friends, 
the police fired three times, dropping 
the man to the ground . I definitely felt 
that my life was in danger. 

Matthew J Cronin's editorial was 
personally shocking and offensive. Does 
he reaUy want us to believe that the police 
are "careless vigilantes" that have "very 
little tolerance for dissenters?" Does 
Cronin believe that the police actually 
enjoy shooting people? His statements are 
ridiculous. Many police officers are as 
distraught after a shooting as the victim's 
family. The police fire upon an individual 
only as a last resort and if and only if the 
Individual represents a clear and present 
danger to another person. I feel thi s was 
clearly what happened in this case. Just 
what are the "other viable methods of 
disarmament" that Cronin speaks 01' 

Cronin's ed itOrial also makes the 
point of Holden's s ize. What in the 
world does II matter that he was a "140 
lb . 21-year-old kid"? Does 21 years of 
age not represent an adult? Is there a 
height and weight requirement for 
someone to be able to innict a wound 
upon someone' Charles Manson was 
Holden 's size. So was Napoleon . Have 
you forgotten what they accomplished? 

Preliminary indications are that 
Holden was under the innuence of 
drugs at the time of the incident. This 
only justifies the officers' actions further. 
Who knows what a thoroughly 
distraught individual will do under the 
effects of a heavy hallucinogen . 
Personally, I don't approve of the use of 
any non-prescription drugs in society, 
especially a heavy hallUCinogen such as 
LSD. The hiStory of drugs in society is 
infamous. Drugs were probably the 
primary reason for the death of Wayne 
Holden , not police brutality. 

It 's too bad that police are even 
needed in sociery, but rhey are and 
always will be. It's too bad people get 
distraught and upset, but they do. It's 
too bad people use drugs, but they do. 
Police are here to protect and to serve. 
In this ~ase , the end result was a 
tragedy for all involved . The police get a 
black eye, a fath e r loses a son . and the 

EOfTOA: fIHlj) ~ 
NEWS EDITOA: 5UIN W~TAFF ASSOCIATE NEWS EDlTOII.: PHl WlLON 

CON11UOUTING NEWS EDfTOM: ULYS flCCO'(. 1\£Nl£ WENRICK 
OPINIONS EOfTOA: MAlTHEW J. ~ PEIWIEC11VES EDfTOA: CHRISTOPHER c.t.NOLE 
COf'Y EOITOP.: JAN fWlSEN PHOTO EDITOR: ROB ffij£DEN1'H,t,L ~TS EDlTOP.: AI.KlA AOOS 
AMS EOITOA: ANOOEW KEElE/\ ASSOCIATE ARTS EDfTOA: om YOUNG 
GRAPHIC ARnsT'S: JC)toj A5H..EE. TQt.\ PLONKA 
PHOTOGMPIIOS: J()HN ASHLEE KNIN FOlEY, DAWN ~, ROGER~, NCH PEOM ANDY 

SOfTlfY. JOSHUA WElL 
STAfF WIUlPS: MATT AD/lM5, MMK INllENOERG DElli COHEN, ~ f()f\SOEI\G, ANDI\£A HAIWON, I\ONA HU. 

VAN HLlTOiINSON CHI\ISTINA KAUS. "OOERT LEONE. SUZANNE UFSON LISA PAIKIN. JOHN 
SCHACHT, KATHLEEN SCHOU. I3ARI3AM STEAANS )l6AN SllllVAN LAU[1JE VOlKIN. DAWN 
WAAflJNER 

PASl£-UP AAnSTS: J()HN ASHLEE lAUl\EN CO~AY. TOM McDONAlD. SHAAON 111001. AlU50 N PINSKY. SEAN 
WAG5TAFF 

TYPESETTEJU: K£N AJIlJE, JAN fWlSEN. PHUP lAlDEl\ DANIEL iHQM,l.S 
BUSINESS MANAGEP.S: SHENa. DIAMOND. JAN HANSEN. PHL ~ 

Monriay, fune J, 1985 5 
~INIDf& 

. .', ~ . .; ~, x ':>~ .: ~o(-~~ 

n®tttt<elr~ll<e{tfr<elr~n~{tfr~lf$ll®frttcelr~n®ltlt®lr~n®frfrcelr~n®frfr®lf~n~tttt®lr~ncefrfr<elr~n(f;~tt<elr~n<efrfr~lf~n~~fr~ 
fr~lr~lettersll<eilit<elr~ ll<e{tfr<elr~n®f.tfr®lr~n®ltlt®rr~n®ltlt®rr~ll®frtt®lr~n®frlt®lf~ll<eilit<elr~n<efrfrcerr~n®frfr®!r~n 
rr~ncefrfr<elr~n®frfi®lr~ll®ltlt®Ir~n®ttlt®If~n®ttU:®lr~llcettlt~lr~n®ltlt®lr~n®frfr®lr~n®frlt®lr~n®frttcelr~n®frfr®lf~ll®fr 
world is without a future philosopher. The police did the 
right thing on Tuesday morning, May 28, 1985. They 
deselVe to be recognized for protecting freedom , not 
destroying it. 

Christopher Stavros 

Editor. 
I JUSt finished reading the various slOries on Wayne 

Holden and my question is not "what does it feel like 
to get shot six times" but instead "why six times?" And 
the odds of eight to one is not good odds for anyone , 
whether he weighs 140 Ibs. or 240 Ibs. Add 10 those 
odds eight loaded guns (plus a so-called "stun gun") 
and eight trigger-happy police and you have total 
bedlam. Yes, the San Diego police depanment has 
been bitten by the trigger-finger bug. Could it be that 
they are on edge because of the recent shootings of 
San Diego police? Perhaps. But that fact does not 
justify the fact that Wayne Holden died with six San 
Diego police bullets in his body. 

Homicide investigatQr Lt. Paul Ybarrondo was 
quoted as saying "This was a life-and-death situa ti?n , 
and they fired at him until he fell to the floor, which is 
what they are trained to do." Whose life? The threat to 
the neighbor could have been averred if the police had 
taken him into protected custody: Ybarrondo was 
correct about the "death" part of the situa tion- the 
only death was Holden's. And obviously the police 
used enough bullets to take down a horse , a horse that 
weighed conSiderably more than the 140 lb. frame of 
Holden. My question is why are the police trained to 
kill? Because tha t is what will happen if someone is 
· shot until he fell to the noor." Why not shoot with the 
intent to slow down or injure , if shooting is at all 
necessa ry. Perhaps the police should re-eva luate their 
ta tics in handling situations where the suspec t has no 
gun o r poses no threat to the police. 

Another question I ask is why were the polict: sent 
in place of COUnty Mental Health? Obviously, 
something was upsetting Holden. Maybe something 
could have been done to help him. He woud probably 
be alive today. Instead, the police came and eliminated 
the problem" all together. The death of Wayne Holden 

is just another example of a wasted life down the bent 
and tainted tubes of sociery. 

I did not know Wayne Holden; that is , I never 
heard of him until this unfortunate incident. 1 am just 
a concerned student who lives in the communiry of 
San Diego, a community where students playa major 
part. The San Diego police must learn to use better 
tactics in handhng situations; no more of the ·shoot 
first, ask questions later" attitude. Senseless shootings 
and harassments must stop now! If not , people will no 
longer need the police; they will only need 10 caU in a 
vigilante group 10 do the same job the police are doing. 

Genetta M. Adams 

Budget your time 
Editor: 

Well, another 1'.5 Budget meeting (actually meetings) 
has come and gone. And it came not without some of 
its usual controversy over some pans of the budget. 
Once again there are some organizations not overly 
pleased with the results. There are in fact some 
organizations in particular who probably think me to 
be ignorant and unaware of their all important needs. I 
disagree, but they are enti tled to thei r own opinion as 
I am entitled to my opinion of what 1 think of them. 

The real point to all this is the question of how our 
Student Activity Fees, that we pay each quarter (which 
in total amounts 10 around $500,000), are a llocated. By 
the administration? The Chancellor? Vice-Chancellors? 
No , our student fees are budgeted by students , by the 

AS Council. Perhaps with advice from the ~tudent 
Affairs Officer and his staff, but on the whole , the 1'.5 
council goes through many processes before coming 
up with a final budget and every process is open for 
stude nt comment and arbitration . But there are still 
those that complain about the "unfair and Ill-informed" 
decisions that the 1'.5 Council makes. To them , I ask 
four questions: 

I . Would you prefer the administration over 
students to allocate tudent Activiry Fees-fees which 
are and should be in direct sludent control? 

2. If you don't like the budget processes, do you 
have any suggestions? Our present system works but is 
by no means a perfect system-I am sure we would be 
open to any suggestions that would make the budget 
task easier and fairer. 

3. What about the AS Council itself; if you are all 
concerned about your budgets now, why was It not a 
consideration at the election time when more than half 
of the elected positions were uncontested? It seems to 
me, uncontested positions mean both apathy and 
approval toward the candidates. 

4. Have you ever considered that a budget no matter 
how big is limited , and all needs must be 
considered-both short-term and long-term? 

Having served on thiS new council this quarter, the 
students have a pretty good council going for them. 
There are the usual minor difficulties and over-
heati ngs but that is natural when you put a bunch of 

Doonesbury 
RKJ<, (XJ)(}() 1M /HAlO 
7HlNK/iJC9WJ) H£~/lJ..-
A5K <JaJr TO fltA[lt!.£FT 
C£WeBYFVR "WN.8A8e. 

PINNER? I 
,_ r-

New hours: 10 am-7 pm 
for dinner and lunch 

Pizza Fri. $1.00/ alice 
All You Can Eat Stir Fry 

$3 Wednelday,6/5 5-7 pm 

--------- - ----- ----

college students together and try 10 get them to agree 
on the same things. And one last thing, 1'.5 Council 
does not run by itself. It needs support from the 
students it represents. Get Involved-if not the 1'.5, your 
college programs and activities , or there is bound 10 be 
a student organization that fits your interests-if not, 
fo rm one of your own and you too can request an 
allocation from Activity Fees. 

Marie Steckbauer 
Comm. of O~rations/Services &: EnterpriseS 

Illegal towing 
Editor: 

I write concernmg the unjust and pOSSibly illegal 
towing of cars from Torrey Pines Road on Tuesday, 
May 28 . Signs were posted in difficult to see places on 
Monday (a holiday) and the following morning fifty 
ca rs were towed. The warning that the city planned 10 
re-tar the road was completely inadequate and a 
warning that is hidden behind parked cars IS no 
warning at all ! Student Legal Services thinks that the 
San Diego Police Department may have failed 10 
observe the laws when ticketing and towing these cars. 
If you or anyone you know had their car towed or 
witnessed the posting of the temporary no parking 
signs, please drop by the Legal Services ( in Student 
Center Building B) or call 452-4374. 

7HE. (j()YSAfIE 
aerrlN6lJEAJ(. 

\~ 
( . "' 
":;-; (:";)'"., 

Alan Colley 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 



LOCK-IT LOCKERS 
9550 Keamy Mesa Road 

San Diego, California 92126 
(619) 566-7090 

SELF STORAGE 
FOR SUMMER 

MONTHS 
NO DEPOSIT 

WITH THIS AD 
NO ADMINISTRATION FEE 
(BRING THIS AD WITH YOU) 

1985-86 
FINANCIAL AID APPLICANTS 

STOP! DON'T LEAVE UCSD UNTIL YOU 
HAVE CONTACTED YOUR STUDENT 

FINANCIAL SERVICES OFFICE 
REGARDING YOUR 1985~86 

FINANCIAL AID APPLICATION. 
Run, don't walk to your financial aid office to verify we have 

all the necessary information to review your application. 

Please insure the Registrar 's Office has your current address in 
case we need to contact you over the summer and don't forget to 

update your address when you return Fall quarter. 

Keep in touch, have a great summer and we'll see you in the Fall! 
The tudent Finandal Services S1441 

COMPETITION WINNERS 
IN CONCERT 

------~-CIVIC~-----------
O RCHEST R A & C HOR U S 

W orks of Mozart, Bottesini, Hummel, 
W ieniawski and Ibert 

Arias of Berlioz and v. W eber 

Shostakovich, Cello Concerto # 1 
Renata Bratt, Soloist 

Thomas Nee, Conductor 

Sunday, June 9, at 8 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium, UCSD 

Admission free 

Family Pla.nn.tng: 
a choice, a responsibility 

conftdential • protMatcm.
' 

• affordable 
· n.. prepancy tena, 
with results while you wa.1t 

• Unpla.nned pregnancyl 
general or local anesthesia. 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological eX&InS 
,...,., Family Pwnning 
.-.. Associates Medical Group 

San Diego 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 
(619) 187·8118 

CAP AND GOWN 
PHOTOS 

A photo will be taken by CaUfomia Candids 
when you pick up your cap and gown at the 

Bookstore. No obligation! 
HOURS: 10·4 
DATES: June 5, 6, 7 

June 10, II, 12, 13, 14 
• Packages as low as $9.95 

• Special discount if order placed at time of 
photograph setting 

• Non-Graduates can also have 

So 
who 
needs the 
beach •.• 
Wben you've 
got 
lIiatus? 

Keep warm and dry, write for Hiatusl 
Just when you thought it was safe . . . We want you to 

come and be part of the exciting staff of lfiatus, the 
best thing to hit campus since the TGs. If you have an 
interest in lV, drama, art, music, movies, books or 
anything vaguely related to arts or entertainment, 
come by and say howdy. No experience is necessary, 
but it helps if you can swim. call 452·3466 and ask for 
Andrew Keeler or Chris Young or stop by our luxurious 
offices southeast of the Revelle Provost, next to the 
Che cafe. 

STOLEN 

A painting like this was stolen from Revelle Plaza Thursday night. This 
was not a nice thing to do. The work is very important to the artist. If you 
have any information, please call 452-6580 and leave a message for 
Chris Young. (NO QUESTIONS ASKED!) 

La Jolla - Eastgate 

SELF-STORAGE 

• INDJVJDUALS 
• HOUSEHOLD GOODS 
• BUSINESS 
• RECORD STORAGE 
• INVENTORY 

8440 EASTGATE CI'. SAN DIEGO 92121 

• T.V. MONITORING 
• 24 HOUR SECURITY 
• ARMED GUARD RESPONSE 
• SECURE GATE ACCESS 
• CONTROllED BUILDING ACCESS 
• FREE CONVENIENCE CART USE 

458-1950 
SUMMER SPF£IAL 
3 MONDIS 

849 
Budget Spaee? 

We Have Plenty! 

Marc Boroditsky 

Battle 
follows 
space 
divisions 

Un May 1 the Student Ce nter bOard 
passed new space allocation s fo r student 
organizations and media publications. 
Announcement of the atlocations 
followed an April 29 mee ting led by Rob 
Lewis and Mark Boroditsky at which 
appeals were heard from various 
organizations. 

The May 20 decisions included some 
changes that brought much opposition 
from cenain groups. Among them was 
the Lecture Notes Service. which was 
moved upstairs so that Soft Reserves 
could expand its operation . Initially. The 
People's Voice was also moved OUt of an 

MOllday, June J, J 985 7 

office and the California ReView moved 
into it. 

A common theme at the appeals was 
a plea for more and private office space. 

In response to one of the proposals 
that Voz Fronteriza share olTice space 
with The People's Voice , the 
representatives from Voz Fronteriza 
stated. "We respect each other. but we 
also need our own space." 

Lisa Peiropan of AS Lecture Notes 
said. "All Lecture Notes wan ts is to 
remain where it is ...... We are 
accessible to all students. esp ecially for 
the disabled students .... We don't like 
the idea that you are offeri ng the 
opportunity to Soft Reserves (0 e"pand 
at our expense." 

In the final decisions for space 
allocation. Lecture Notes retained its 
space. and Soft Reserves was given an 
office space upstairs. 

Voz Fronteriza and The People 's Voice 
were given a large office to share. Both 
groups expressed dissatisfaction with 
the outcome. 

The representative from The People 's 
Voice said. "It seems as though moves 
are being made without much conce m 
for the consequences of the action ." 

Boroditsky explained the boa rd's 
deciSIOn: "EveI)' single organization In 
this whole center shares space or 
opera tional space with other 
organ izations. Evel)'one has bitten the 
butlet the last few years. We've realized 
that there is not enough space . and I'm 
tired of hearing evel)'body say. 'We 
deserve our own office space: Evel)'one 
deserves their own office space. We 
don't have enough 10 give out. It's time 
for everyone to give concessions." 

Lewis explained that at the moment, 
there are 100 many organizations 
crammed into such a small student 
center. In two years, when the new 
student center is built, Lewis said that 
most of the office space problems Will 
be resolved . ~ 

- Debi Cohen 

P.rklng pennlts .re required during the 
......... IIIOnths. Student Summer Session 
Parking Permits cost S9.50/month and may be 
purchased for specific periods of time (i.e., two 
weeks, one month, six weeks, etc.}. These permits 
are available at the Central Cashier's Office 
beginning on June J 7th through September J 3, 
1985. Students must present a valid Summer 
Session I.D. Card or a Spring Quarter I.D. Card as 
proof of student status. The annual student "s" 
parking permit will also be available to regular . 
UCSD students who plan on being here during the 
summer and the 1985/86 academic school year. 
This annual permit expires June 30, 1985, .and 
costs SII4.00 for 12 months (S9.50/month times 
12}. Both the Summer Session Parking Permit and 
the annual "s" permit are only valid in the yellow 
striped student spaces. 
If you have any questions about parking during 
the summer, please feel free to stop by the Parking 
& Transportation Systems Office, 400 Warren 
Campus, or give us a call at (452}-4223. 



Academic SeNices 
MONDAY· AllDAY 
1110-4100 PIlI - SIGI. System of Interactive 
Guidance a1d Information is a cOl11>Uter-
based program of career information 
designed to help you clarify }Ou~ values ~d 
ocrupational interests. For more InformatIOn, 
come to Career Services Center. In HL 1058. 
1130-4100 pm - Finals Prep PAL 
Conferences-D:J you feel confident about 
}Our finals ? D:J you know what to study and 
how to learn for total recall? Can you write a 
strong answer to essay questions? D:J you 
know how to score high on rrultiple ctloice 
and true or false questions? Do you budget 
jOur test time? If you a1swered "No" to any 
of these questions, schedule a PAL 
conference and learn how to do your best on 
exams. Sponsored by the OASIS Reading and 
Study Skills Center. In USB 4010. 
III0-4rOO pm - OASIS \!(!titing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts, 
and editing advice. We engage any kind of 
writing, and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appointment .only. 
Evening appointments are now also available 
in OASIS Third Place at Third College. (For the 
full range of services see back of Fall 
Schedule.) Call 452-2284 or co~ by . ~ 
4010 to make a1 appointment. This selVlce IS 
available ttvoughout the quarter. Sponsored 
by the OASIS \!(!titing Center. 
'100-4100 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline-A grammar hotllne phone-in 
service for help with diction, grammar and 
punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses call 452-2284 between the hours of 
9:00-4:00 Monday-Friday. Sponsored by the 
QA.SIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the quarter. 
, IJ0-4rOO pm - Drop-In Hou.rs. For 
questions pertaining to car~ planning, JOb 
hunting, r esume' criti quing . . etc . 
.At>pointments may also be sch.eduled In tr.e 
morning by calling Career SeIVlCes Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 
Pla1ning on a Graduate, Law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD? Help with admission 
and appl ication questions today . by 
appointment only. Call Career SelVlces 

PERMIT. 
REQUIRED 

ENFORCED 
24 HOURS A DAY 
7 DAYS A WEEK 

'INCLU ING NIGHTS 
)LIDA 5 & WEEKENDS 

Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A 

- Interested in the Health Professions? 
Advising appointments available for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. Call Career SeIVlCes Center at 
452·4939 in advance for a1 appointment. 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
'11.lrOO pm - Mock Interview. Seeing 
a1d hearing yourself on videotape can help 
put the finishing touches Dr'! In~elVlewl.ng 
skills . Prerequisite: InterViewing Skills 
Workshop. Call Career Services Center at 
452-3750 to make an appointment. In HI 
1058. 
TUESDAY 
'1Oo-1rOO pm - The Language Program 
Level I and /I-This OASiS program foruses 
on the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
ttlose who want to perfect their English 
language skillS. lP classes. are taufl.ht by 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. lP is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
TIoga Hall, 902. 
lJOO pm - Finding the Hidden Job Market. 
80% of all job var..andes are unadvertised. 
This v.K>rkshop will teach you a wif'j to find 
out aoout them. Sponsored by Glreer Sevices 
Center. In the Revelle Formal LDunge. 
llJ0-4rOO pm - Interested in Medid~e or 
Dentis tl)'? Drop-in advising in open sessIOnS. 
In the Career Services Center at Student 
Center Building A. . 
W.DNBDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/M~ Advising. 
Planning on a Grac1Jate, Law or M~ degree 
program after UCSO? Hell;> with admission 
and application questions today . by 
appointment only. Gill Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
91»11 rOO _ - Interested in Medidne or 
Dentisuy? Drop-in advising in open sessions. 
In the Career Services Center at Student 
Center Building I'.. 
llOo-4rOO pm - Test Taking Strategies-
Ever lose points because you misread a 
question or didn't give a "complete" answer 7 

Do you find some o~ectlve questlo~ tricky 
or confusing 7 Do you \IVQI'lder what It takes 
to write an outstanding essay answer? This 
IM)rkshop will a'lSwer your questions and 
show you how to get the most out of your 
stlJ<tjing. In the Student Center Building B, 
Conferener Room. 
2110 ..... - TIle Marketable Resu~ 
WOrkshop. Learn how to construct a state-
of-the-art resu~ that will make you stand 
out from the crowd, in this newly rllllised 
INOrkshop. Sponsored by Career Services 
Center. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

THUIISDAY 
- Interested in the Health Professions7 

Advising appointments availabje for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. Gill Caree-- Services Center at 
452-4939 in adVance for a1 appointment, 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
1.»1100 pm - Graduate School/Law/ 
MBfI AdIIising. Planning on a Graduate. I..1w 
or MBA degree program after UCSO? Help 
with admissions a1d il>P'ication questions 
please drop in today. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
ZIOO-IIOO pm - OASIS Brainstorming 
Session for Ut/Spanish 10, 25. 50 classes. 
Reading and writing assignments in the 
aboIIe classes will be dlsQJssed in order to 
help students generate Ideas a1d co/TllOSe 
an appropriate resp0n2. In USB 4070. 
2110 ..... - Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do }OU need help In preparing for job 
interviews 7 Glreer Services Center will 
prc::Mde tips on the best wifjS to present your 
quallflcatJons and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Revetle Formal 
Lounge. 

AllDAY 
""0100 ... - The OASIS GM 
rGrammar & Mechanics) Workshop in 
designed for students who would like. to 
work on clarifying basic grammatICal 
concepts and categories,. and ~Iying ~ 
in a1 extensive, systematIC series of practical 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purchased by the student will be used. All 

. IM)rk will be col1l>'eted in the context of the 
INOrkshop. In USB 4070. 

~. HOURS A DAY 
7 DAYS A WEEk 

INCLUDING 
ofOLlDAYS & tM~~~~~ 

OFFICIAL 
UNIVERSITY 
VEHICLES 

ONLY 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY 
21000JrOO pm - The Guru says. "Seek 
counsel while the seeking is ~. for 
procrastination was not the cause of 
procreation." lXIhich means don't miss out on 
this week's birth control InformatIOn sessIOn. 
Upstairs at the Student Health Center. 
TUESDAY 
12:00-1100 pm - D:Jn't be fooled by our 
competitor's ads. Only Student Health offers 
a complete and full ra1ge of informatIOn 
available to you at no cost. And beSideS, our 
birth control information sessions are 
conveniently located here on campus. At the 
Second Floor of the Student Health Center. 
WEDNESDAY 
, l.oo-, 100 pm - Hear Yel Hear Yel This is 
hereby declared your last c:ha1ce, ~is 
quarter. to obtain at no cost an II'lformatlVe 
update concerning contracep~ methods. 
In the LPper ~ of the Student Health 
Center. 

u._~..,.. 
LOT 106 

A, B, S 
PERMIT REQUIRED 

OTHERS USE ~ETER SPACES 

Lectures 
w.DNISDAY 
7100 pm - Lecture Disrusslon. Topic: "The 
Earth is But One Countly a1d Humankind Its 
Citizens," the purpose of the Bahai 
teachings. Everyone is welcomed. In the In 
the MJltipurpose Room, LPper Level of the 
Student Center. 

Religious 
MONDAY·AIIDAY 
SIOO pII'I - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic comrrunlty at UCSD. 
nlUDAY 
.... pm - Catholic a1d lutheran coundls 
meet CNer potluck supper. In the Uliversity 
Lutheran Church. 
7110 pm - Tuesday Night DisQJsslon 
Group. How does God speak to us? 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. In the Catholic Lounge of the 
U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
WEDNESDAY 
9rOO.., - Campus Crusade, Inter-VarSity, 
Lutheran, Catholic. Episcopal and United 
Campus Ministl)' staff meet In the LDunge of 
the l.k1lVerslty lutheran Church 
6:00 p m - Student supper hosted by the 
Lutherans. Bible study at 7:00 pm. All are 
welcome. In the Fellowship Room of the 
U1iversity lutheran Church. 
7rOO pm - Lecture Dlsrussion. TopIC. " The 
Earth is But One Countl)' and Humankind Its 
CitIzens. " the purpose of the Bahai 
teachings. Everyone is welcomed. In the In 
the MJltipurpose Room, LPper Level of the 
Student Center. 
IlOO P'" - lutheran Inquirers Seminar 
c.ondudes: "How Can Christian Faith and 
Fellowship Become Functional?" led I:1y 
Pastor John Huber. In the LDunge of the 
lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
, ... pm - Gln<letlght Mass. Sponsored 
I:1y the Glthofic Community at UCSO. In the 
Chapel of the l.k1iversity luthera1 Church. 
1HUIISDAY 
- The Thursday Dinner. Good food and 
great ~. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Student Coorcinators. 52.00 donation. In the 
lkliversity lutheran Church. 
7110 9100 pm - lklited Campus Ministry 
sponsored llll'eekly Bible Studies. Take a 
rmmerlt for some Christian reflection on the 
Book of ~mans. All ¥e welcome to join us as 
we cefebrate Holy Comrrunlon before the 
quarter ends. Refreshments tlilow. In the 
Student Center Bldg. B. South Conference 
/b)m. 
SA~Y 
Il00 ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of the lkliversity Luthera1 Church. 
SUNDAY 
lIDO. "'S •• 11rOO _ - Episcopal 
Churc:t1 \X.klrship Service: Sunday Eucharist 
and Parish fe/ioINship. In the Good Samantan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Genesee from east end of campus, 
north of La .blla \/Illage Dr. Intersection of 
Genesee. 
9100 ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored r;,y the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. Farewell Mass 
for Father Fra1k. On the Revelle Campus. 
10100 ... - Lutheran worship service. 
Those graduating will be acknowledged in 
the morning service. In the Chapel of the 

~ity lutheran Church. 
11111 ... - Open Forum: "Should the 
Church Give Sanctual)' to Central American 
Refugees?" by Carl Emerich, a Quaker. Open 
to all. In the LDunge of the l.k1iversity 
Lutheran Church. 
IIOOpII'I-CatholicMass. Sponsorl:d by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
7100 ..... - Lutheran worship service. Those 
grac1Jating will be acknowledged in the 
morning service. In the Chapel of the 
l..hiII'ersity Luthera1 Church. 
illS pm - Episcopal Church WOrship 
SeMce: Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

Mrmday. }unt' J. 1985 9 

I ME 
Recreation 
MONDAY 
IlOO pm - Performance Forum-for 
student performers. In the Mandellille Recital 
Hall . 
TUESDAY 
IlOO pm- UCSD Jazz Enseml:lles-Jim"¥ 
Cheatham, director. In the Mandl!llille 
Auditorium. General Admission: 53.00; 
Students. Staff, and Senior Citizens ' $1.00. 
W.DNBDAY 
6100 pm - Join UCSO's Bike Club, learn 
more about one of America's most popular 
sports. Partidpate in: races, touring, events, 
mountain bike, commuter rides; plus 
weekend recreational rides to San Diego's 
points of Interest. Or slgn up in the Bike Shop. 
Meets behind the Bike Shop in the Student 
Center. 
1100 pm - UCSO Chamber Ensembles o~er 
rrusic from various periods. In the Mandl!llille 
Recital Hall. 
THURSDAY 
SIJO.6I" pm - ~nguage Tables: Come 
and practice your French, Spanish or German 
over dinner. All interested students-
especially native speakers are most cordial.1y 
invited. Dinner on meal card or cash basiS. 
Native speakers can have meals provided-
call 455-0157 for information. In the South 
Dining Hall of the Revelle Cafeteria. 
1100 pm - UCSD Concert Choir-John 
l..1uer directs an electric program of 
"Everything Else." In the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 
IIR.DAY 
1100 pm - UCSD Wind Ensemble-Cindy 
Earnest. director. performs ClaSSICS for Wind 
instruments. In the Mandeville Auditorium. 
SATURDAY 
1100 pm - Academy of Strings-Isaac 
Malkin directs. In the Mandeville Auditorium. 
1100 pm - UCSD Guitars-A potpourri. In 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. 
SUNDAY 
1100 pm - La Jolla CMc!l.k1iversity 
Symphony Young Artist Competition winners 
perform. In the Mandeville AuditoriL'm. 



Dave 
Fleminger 

John Ashlee 

Phil Haxo 

~ 
J8ri1 ... 

Tom Plonka I 

During the last two years, I have 
had the privilege oj watching writers 

and artists hannonize their talents into 
Perspectives stories. You made my day. 

Cordia lly, 
Christopher Canale 

,---___________ coupon--------------, 
8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

455-0662 

Tired of Studying? 
Take a break-

Come to Bl's and 
Feed 4 for only $10.25!(+tax) 

(Includes any large one topping pizza 
and a pitcher of soft drink.) 

Dine in only. Present coupon when ordering. 
One coupon per pun:hase. Expires 6/ 15/ 85. 

L _____________ ~upon--------.-----J 

I I 
II 
II 
II 
II 

The home of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

~ 

J ('{\ UtlJjf/f.m 
..-,rarnar itd 

' ,7140 Miram a r Rd . Sa n Diego 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quartl'r PounJ~r ' wi t h Ch~" .. " Large Fry, 

McJium -Sizc Soft Drink Cash vOlIut: I 20 (')1 I l tnl II 
Limit lI nt' t:ll up,'n pn 
l U"lllmer pa \' 15 11 Pie",>" 
pre'>cnt ll,u p,'n wh t' n 
ordering \ llt \ ,11".1 IVllh ,In ) 
l1l her "lIer 

,- Just $1.99 11 
,m:CtWli"l (plus tax) II 

On ly a t : II 
7140 Mi ram ar Rd . II t@l Good 'oro 

'_1-+ July 3. 1985 
-------

_____ '= Die,"@ 
_iiiiiiiiiii ______ _ 

Don't Forget 
to Keep Your Bod 

Covered WIth 
Summer Slckncu 

end Accident Insurenc& 
It's effective 

while traveling or staying home ... 
RqI"Nd SprIng Que"r Students, Summer Students, 

and Post Docs Ire eligible to purchac Insurance. 
------A11 Premiums: $66.25------

ENROLLING NOW until July 15th 
.-----Inlrom'\atlc:>n and applications are lMIilebie at-----

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 451-3300 

UC CRAFTS CENTER 

ERAMIC~ 
E 

~ve gallery 
HOURS: 10 am to 5 pm 



Lln\\~~(~ 
o 0 (-.........=( ==::::::J 

) ) 
:~ ( JI 0) ) 

External Affairs 
The UC Student Lobby Annex lobbys state 
legislators, administrators , and others for 
student concerns. 
Lobby Annex Director 
- 11anage the lobby annex 
- Travel throughout the UC system 
Federa, State, Municipal directors 
- Lobby legislators 
- Organize grassroo ts action 
- In form the student body 
Collective bargaining representative 
- Monitor issues , actions , law and 
communications pertaining to collective 
bargaining in the U C system 
- Travel throughout the UC system 
Call Greg Arnold at AS Offices 452-4450 
~ , . x~ » . .. .. . .. , ~;':-:-.. . . ..::s ? : ' • • 

.?~. . .. ~> .-:-~;.:M"(:. '« ••. ~ .. / ... :r:.: ... /:-;" .. :;: .:.,. " .... :: 

Want to meet faculty members on an 
informal basis? Then join the . .. 

Faculty Student 
Interaction COlllmittee 

Now Forming! If interested 
Contact Peter Kim x44S0 

Assorted Vinyl 
Important! : 

As of June 7, 1985 all outstanding credit will be 
invalid, so be sure to come into the store before the 
last day of th is quarter to use your credit slips. Also, 
remember that all merchandise is 10% off during the 
10th week - come in and save even more than 

before! Free gifts with quantity purchases , too! 

Attention: Gym Steps now 
available fo NOON concerts. 
Contact UEO for details 
x4090. 1st come 1st serv d. 

UCSD Political Film Series 
A knockout of a movie 

~ ....... c.t."" 

The utmost in suspense . ___ . __ 

Yves Montand in 

STATE 
SIRE 

From the team that made 'Z' 

I Any resemblance to actual.vents or tol anyone living or deed Is !l2! eccIdental: 
from Cln.me 5 

Friday, June 7 at 7 pm 
TLH 107 FREE 

Sponsored by Committee for World Democracy 

$$$$$ JOBS $$$$$ 
Applications being accepted for 
ASUCSD Lecture Notes: Office 
worker, notetakers, manager. 
First: Get a job reJerral from the job board, then 
(and only then) schedule an interview at the 
office. Great pay. Jobs will close soon. All jobs to 
begin Jall quarter 1985. 

Groundwork Books presents 
A Summer Sale. June 3-15 

20-5096 off everything 
Also ,. Summer Study Groups are now 
forming - call for times. Feminist Styles, 
Collective Theory & Skills , Althusser & 
Marxism and more. 

Groundwork Books 
Open All Summer. Man-Sat 11 am-8 pm 

452-9625 

This is the last ASUCSD 
Bulletin of the year. It 
will resume in the fall. 

You're Invited 
to participate in the 

Fall Festival on the Green! 
October 4, 1985 
11 am - 4 pm 

Rec. Clubs contact Laurel x4038. Depts 
and Organiza~ions contact Marietta 
x4083. Space limited, sign up now! 

Lecture Notes Service 
Special Final~ \\Teek r1(lllr~ 

"'~;!llLI\ Iltlll' l) Il~ ,1!1l-2 pm 
\ II )fllLl\. I L1 Ill' Il ~ lJ ,lin-=) pm 

I U l' :-. - f rid, 1 \. J Ll fll' I -+ Il) ,1111 --+ 
I lll'" I r i . ) Lll1l' I -+ III ,t J n --+ pill 
\\'t"l t' !t',li{t"i ,ill,1,\ f,(llj] rill h 1l\i ((l(lr 

!AGO Potluck 
Thursday, June 6 at 8 pm 

Third College Humanities BLdg. rm. 141 
This is the last IAGO event for the year so come 
wrap up the year and say hello to summer. If you're 
feeling ambitious, bring a dish or buy a dessert. 

Clothing for the needy 
This week and next week, PLEA will be 

sponsoring a charity clothing drive for the 
Salvation Army. Please place your 
unwanted clothing into the boxes at 
EDNA, the Revelle Commuter Lounge and 
at Muir. Thank you. 

Eat at the Che Cafe 
All you can eat Chinese stir fry for 

only $3.00 on Wednesday,]une 5 from 
5-7 pm. The last one of the year, so 
come and experience it. We are located 
below HL. 

Monday, j'w" 3, 1985 13 

Internships 
~ 

The UC Student Lobby has effectively advocated 
student concerns before the legislature and UC 
administration for 15 years. An integral component 
of our success is our internship program. Students 
have the option to earn academic credit while living 
in Sacramento. Under the supervision of our 
professional staff, interns actively panicipate in all 
levels of state government and UC decision-making. 
As an intern, you will not only enhance your 
potential in the job market, you will acquire 
understanding and skills that will allow you to make 
an impact in any arena throughout your lifetime. 

Inemships are available in: Policy Analysis, 
Advocacy, Marketing, Research, Conference 
Coordination, Graphic Design, Media/ Public 
Relations , Women's Advocacy, Grass Roots 
Organizing and Special Projects. Depending on your 
skills and interests you may research or lobby on 
issues such as: Financial Aid, Affirmative Action, 
Student Fees, Academic Policy, Women's Rights, 
Child Care, Housing La, or Collective Bargaining. 

Academic Credit Available 
For application or more information conract: Internship 
Coordinaror, UC Srudem Lobby, 926 J Street, Suite 616 , 
Sacramento CA 95814. (916) 442-3827. 

It's Pizza Time Again 
Where can you get all the homemade, 

world-famous, fantastic and GOOD pizza 
you want for only $2.007 Why, at the Pizza-
Rama bum-out center, of course! Come the 
Wednesday of finals week,lune 12, from 5-8 
pm and you too can experience what critics 
have raved about. It is in the Catholic 
Lounge of the University Lutheran Church. 
Don't miss out. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Student Coordinators. 

ATTN: UCSD Students 
Only the following organizations are formally 
recognized by your Inter-Fraternity Council as being 
a Greek Organization/ Fraternity. Delta Sigma Phi , 
Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Nu, Tau 
Kappa Epsilon, Zeta Beta Tau. Before signing any 
rype of form with other organizations claiming to be 
Greek, other than those listed above , get all the facts 
from you Inter-Fraternity Council through Randon 
E. Woodard (Greek advisor 452-4083) in the 
Student Activities Office. Be Informed. 



UCSD athletes go BBQing 

A feast 
By ALICIA AGOS, Spans Editor 

FRIDAY NIGHT'S ALL SPORTS awards banquet was a nice surprise . The fonnality and 
boredom which plagues most awards 
banquets was thankfully non-existent at 
(he BBQ, officially titled "The UC D 
Post-Season Awards Banquet." 

First , leI's get to the awards. The 
incumbent, Bill Kazmierowicz, walked 
away with his second straight Athlete of 
the Year award (male category). The 
multl-lalented Kazmlerowicz was the 
odds-on-favorite due In no small part to 
the moving rendition he gave of "Sitting 
on the Dock of the Bay." The female 
Athlete of the Year went to two of 
UCSD's most deserving athletes. Both 
Jessica Vernon and Knstin Kilbourn 
capped off their national championship 
seasons (in tennis and volleyball , 
respectively) with A(hlete of the Year 
honors . With a smile, Vernon admitted 
that the award IS "kind of nice. I'm glad 
the award was 'co' this year especially 
because this year there are twO national 
champIOnship teams and they're both 
women. It seems like volleyball has 
gotten a lot of the women Athlete of the 
Year awards In the past, so It 'S nice for 
(enms to get some." Kilbourn herself 
said that the notoriety is "great," but she 
mentioned one problem ' "Volleyball is 
really a team spon, and It's too bad that 
one or two people get the ane ntion each 
year. The people who've gotten the 
awards, hke Lulu (Schwartz) and Tammy 
(Smit) and me-we couldn't have done 
it without our teammates. I think that's 
really important." 

The twO Triton senior awards were 
given to twO strong members of the 

PHYSICS 11 
(INTRODUCTION TO 
GENERAL PHYSICS) 

•• will be o .... d darm, Summer Se .. lon, 1985 •• 
Jane 24 - Autut 6, 1985 (6 weeb) 

MTuWTh, 10:00 a.m. - 11 :30 a.m., HL 1148 
Instructor: PROFESSOR DAVID Y. WONG 

Text: Sears, Zemansky, Young: UNIVERSI1Y PINSICS, 
Addison-Wesley (6th edition) 

Prerequisite: Math. lA or 2A (or concurrent enrollment) 
This course is designed to introduce potential 
science majors to concepts in physics and to 

prepare them for the PHYSICS 1 or PHYSICS 2 
sequences. 

For info concerning enrollment, 
phone Ext. 4365 (Summer Session). 

UCSD basketball programs- Brandon 
Nixon and Sue Semrau. The award 
stresses, among other things, team 
leadership, athletic ability, community 
involvement, and academic excellence 
(a GPA of 3.3 or above is a 
requirement) . Nixon, on the morning 
after the La Jolla Farms barbe.cue 
spectacular, was "grateful," adding that 
the award "capped off three years of 
basketball in a good way. It was a 
special night and It went off well . It was 
a good ending." 

Semrau, part of the rare breed of 
graduating seniors, IS playing the 
countdown game . "Fourteen days until 
graduation," she said, looking very 
proud of herself. And , as a 
communications major with a 3.7 GPA, 
she has a lot to be proud of. "A lot of 
time people put academics first , but 
when you put athletics right up there, 
you get so much out of both . It 's really 
nice to get the award . It really 
encourages you to keep trying, to do 
your best." 

All-American sWimmer Jon Invi n (s , 
like the other award Winners, 
appreciative not only of the awa rd , but 
also the opportunities presented to him 
by his sport. 'Tm very glad I've swum 
here. It's definitely helped me in school 
and in dealing with people , and with 
leadership. It feels very good to have 
this award ." 

By all accounts, the switch from less 
of a banquet to more of a barbecue 
theme was what saved the traditionally 
boring evening. The skits perfonned by 
the volleyball , basketball , baseball and 
soccer teams also added a nice touch of 
humor and definite informality. ~ 

WI KNOW 
COPYING 

FRONTWARDS 

Two-sided copying is only one of the special services 
you 'll get at Kinkos. To lind out more, consult our stafT. 
They have a friendly, helpful , professional altitude you won't 
lind anywhere else. 

Kinkos. We're on your side. Either one. 

kinko·s® 
457·3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sov-On) 

More Winners: 
singer, songwriter, athlete 
BILL KAZMIEROWICZ 
(left) was named male Athlete of 

the Year for the second 
consecutive year, and . .. 

All-American swimmer 
JON IRWIN 

(righ t) was decorated with 
Triton Alumni Athlete honors. 

Mmllluy, J II/I': J, J 985 15 

Groundwork Books Presents 
Summer Study -~ A Summer JOBS IN SOCIAL CHANGE Groups Sale 

• Toxic Waste • Travel and Benefits Collective Theory 
I!t Skills 

Althusser & Marxism 
Feminist Styles 

GW study groups are 
small supportive 

learning groups. call 
for times and further 

info. 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459· 7342 

Day or Night 

WJ LEARNiNG 
~ CENTeR 

~~ 
EDUCATIONAL 

CENTBt 
TEST .... MAAllOH SPEOAlI$TS SN:E 1931 

Call Days Eves & Weekend~ 

SNII DIEGO CENTER 
2180 GARNET ro 

PACIFIC BEACH, CA 92109 
(61 9)270-0810 

M.l. McNlA.1Y, ADMINISTRATOR 

hflRHlM " ... "" ... , .... 111 .... U S ,*" ..,.... 
I .... IMMA....,. .... (~ 

OIJTSlOlM T SlATE CALL IOlUOI(( _ 711 1111 

20-50% off 
everything 

(That's our usual 
6% + 14% or more) 

June 3-15 
OPEN ALL SUMMER 

Mon-Sat 11 am-8 pm 

452-9625 

• Women's Rights • Summer/Career Options 
• Central American Policy • $10,000-$13,000 per year 

Call Between lOam and 1 pm 

'231-9616 
CAMPAIGN FOR ECONOMIC 

DEMOCRACY 
In Los Angeles: (213) 393·3705 

In San Francisco: (415 ) 863·5050 

THINK 
IXTAPATHIS 

___ R. 

$386 $487 
3 NIGHTS 7 NIGHTS 

INCLUDES ROUND-TRIP AIR FARE. 

Architecture inspired by ancient ruins. Located on Mexico's Gold ~ 
Q)ast , It' all yours at the breathtaking Camino Real, Ixtapa. Prices 
include round-trip air fare from Los Angeles on Western Airline .* 
So think luxury this ummer and ca ll today. WESTIN HOTELS 

t,4 Wllfern AIrlInes 
·rru. .. c~ bJ.seJ un Juuble uccupanq. Taxe, .IO~I $3.(\.1 u.s. Jcp mure (.IX ",-,t IOduJt.J 

MTC MEXICO TOUIISM CONSULTANTS 
For reservatlOlls, can (213) 854·8/100. Or 101·'" (800) 252·0100 Open -., days a-'l. 



Third and Final 'Phase 

piNE.S OF LA JOLLA 
Lo .1011(1 se(l /)(( ' ( 'ZI'S (filii I:llrul)~'CI/J . ll .l'in~1 
cort'ss (lOll (II Ill(' /';IlI'S oll.lI .JoIICl / ools. SJl(f .. L'CIIII'II' I~ (/nci rctcqU, ' lll<l1l courl 1'/111'(1(///1 (jOII .~ . 1 • " 1 l I IlU«' S FI1('/](IIIIII](1 /roli(l11 flurc " /1.<;. SI ! , .. 
';lII1lIUIIIS Cll1d CClllrl~j(l(c/S (( ' l(/x !JClIl ~: tI,r: 11.)( (I/~ 
('( 1/ lilWlnj Clnci 011 w( ci('('()((flor.lI'(/III(t'S ({ ~ l~ 011 I( 

~I()II 10 !J;)I/ ( I )/](' O( 1(( 'Il / wc/ (00111 /IOlllC ' \ 1.<.;/1 our 
S(//I'S ( ', ' /l(( ' ( II x I(/!/. 

Mock ls • 
0 1><'11 Dally 

I 0 :30 . ':;:.10 
452· 1152 

UHAPPY DAN PEREnIE" 

VA. F il A . 
Con ' T n Ilo na I 

Fi n a l/ d ill! Av .. l lab le 

exclusive Graduate Sales ProgramtrnDlrrtor 
-Call 263-6909 for an appoln en-

Cfitin\. II 
Has a special gift for upcoming graduates 

D 

.... IIICIl** PIus $400 P.Urchase 
from Ford Motor Company. 

Senior Award winner Brandon Nix:on. 

Vehicles 
Included 
in the Plan. • Your credit record, if Sue Semrau, also a Senior Award winner. you have one, must indi-

You may choose a 
new 1985 Marquis, 
Cougar, Topaz or 
Lynx. 

"Pre-Approved Credit. 
Just meet three simpl~ 

conditions: 
• You must have verifiabl employ-
ment that begins within 120 day~ ~f your 
vehicle purchase at a salary suffiCient to cover n 

d'nary living expenses and your vehicle paym t.. . 
or I h . raduated or Will graduate ::~~n~~!::~ f;~ih:~~~el~~ ~egree wi thin 120 days. 

(1itin\, 

cate payment made as 
agreed. 
"$400 Purchase 

Allowance. 
Make your best deal .. . use the 

$4()() as a down payment or receive a 
$4()() check directly from Ford after the sale. 

LINCOLN 

Ford Motor 
Credit 
Company 

E· OF CARS" - 2"00 National City Blvd. . 1 C ' "MIL ' "T On Naoona Ity s O' 2 5 Diego Exchange 263.6909 Phone: (6 19) 474-55 • an 

Wanted: 
In nova tive, enerQet ic,. f un-I~ving 
musicians who like Jazz & Jamming for 
openings on the reknowned UCSD 
Intercollegiate Pep Band. 
All instruments welcome! Pl,ayat home 
and away games, special events ... 
Lots of benefits! 

Meeting: Wed., June 5 
6 pm, Main Gym 

For more information call JudyMolonex4211 . 

REMOVED ha Ir PERMANENTlY 
by leglste<ed. profesSIonal eleclloioglsts 

WOMEN a MEN 1;i;' 
Gentle Treatmen' 
Air De.-lIlllng 
• Medlcol Approved 
• california licensed 
• Tax Deductible 
AlEE CONSULTATION _ 
days-even'ngs.S01urday~ 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROLYSIS CLINICS 

LA JOllA 

1464-12421 
8960 Villa La Jolla Dftve 
Lo Jolla VHloge Prol. efT 

IAlIOA PARK 

1589-9050 I 
2I5O-6th AM. 

6fn A..,.. Medlcol Ctr 

XEROX 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

~ 

MOl1day. Jw,~ J. 198.5 1 7 

University Bookstore 

BOOK BUY BACK 

-DATES-
June 12, 13, 14-

Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
8:00 am - 4:30 pm 

June 15 
Saturday 

10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

Cash offered for your 
used textbooks during finals 

$284 $374 
3 NIGHTS 7 NIGHTS 

INCLUDES ROUND-TRIP AIR FARE. 

per COpy 
tor volume jobs World famous fishing on secluded shores. The best seafood on the ~ 

Mexican Riviera . Its all yours at the beautiful Camino Real , Mazatlan . ~ 
Prices include round-tr~p air f:ire from Los Angeles on Western WtsnN HorELS 
Airlines.* So think actton thiS summer and call today. 

t A Mtstem JIIrIIne8 
• COLLATING FftEE · PARKING ~ • PICKUP/ DEliVERY 

(with minimum) 
"PTlCe'! tr.N.-J ,In ~k)Ul:oh .. '''''l:up.tnl.y. T.!xe ,mJ 53 ,00 U,S, .Jerarture tax 1,,)1 mdudeJ . 
----~==~------~= M1C MEXICO TOUIISM CONSULTANTS 

WE COPY 
1601 611'1 Ave .• SD. 
231-1676 For ,_IiIIIIaI •. <*I (213) 1164· 8600 Or I0Il,"" (800) 252·0100 Open -" ~_._",,_. _____ ~ 



I I. 
I 
. 

I 

TUt: Plt:ANING or ImSIDt:NTIAL urt: 
The COMMITIEE ON RESIDENTIAL UfE, appointed by Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph 
Watson, has been meeting for over a year to define exactly "what. beyond room and board, should UCSD be 
attempting to provide residential students." The following "PROPOSm GOALS fOR RESIDENTIAL UfE AT 
UC SAN DIEGO" is the CUlmination of that effort. 
ALL MEMBERS Of THE UCSD COMMUNITY (students, staff and faculty) are invited to peruse the statement, 
and then advise the Committee on its strengths and weaknesses. In particular, please let us know if there are 
goals or objectives missing from the statement which you feel must be included. Please keep In mind that 
the following is a statement of proposed goals, and not necessarily a description of UCSD residential life as 
it now exists. Thanks for your assistance! 

PROPOSED GOAlS fOR RESIDENTIAL un AT UC SAN DIEGO 
Committee on Residential Ufe - May 29, 1985 

Residential Ufe at the University of California San Diego should provide 
students with basic residential halls/apartment services, but should also 
seek to provide residents with far more. Residential Life at UCSD should 
be structured, in cooperation with the Housing and Food Services 
Department, to satisfy the following broad objectives: 
1. Encourage each resident's academic achievement and personal 

development. 
2. Reflect and complement each College's (and the Graduate Dlvlslon's) 

goals. 
.3. Develop a sense of "community" at each residential complex. 
4. Involve students in the setting of Residence Halls policies and 

practices. 
5. Increase retention, by encouraging students to become full and active 

members of the UCSD community, both academically and socially. 
6. Support and further University and College/Graduate Division 

Affirmative Action goals. 
To achieve these objectives, each UC San Diego residential complex shall 
strive to attain the following goals; 

l. PROVIDE BASIC RESIDENCE HALlS SERVICES 
A. Maintain a safe, clean, healthy environment which is conducive to 

academic pursuits. 
B. Offer a variety of living options to meet various student needs 

(dorms, apartments, theme houses, co-op houses, etc.). 
C. Maintain the physical plant of the residence halls- work constantly 

to rectify both damages and normal wear and tear. 
D. Plan improvements to the physical plant, and follow through to 

bring them into existence. 
E. Design administrative procedures to make them as "painless" and 

quick as possible for students. 
II. PROVIDE SUPPlLMENTAL RESIDENCE HALlS SERVICES 

A. Work with students to determine which (if any) supplemental 
services would enhance residential life in the housing complex. 
Examples of supplemental services currently available at one or 
more UCSD residential complexes, and/or highly desirable, Include: 
1. Study halls, in or near residence halls, especially around final 

exams. 
2. "Burnout Centers," open through early morning hours during 

Exam Week. 
.3. "Community Centers" for residential students, offering a variety 

of services and recreational outlets. 
4. "Sundry Store" operations, making possible the convenient 

purchase of essential (and/or desirable) living and educational 
supplies, especially during evening and weekend hours. 

5. Access to College and University-wide student services, provided 
in the Residence Halls. 

6. Programs, services and facilities designed to meet the unique 
needs of special resident groups such as single parents, married 
students, graduate students, and children of these students who 
live on campus. 

B. Work with students and College and University administrators as 
necessary, to create those services desired by residents. 

Ill. PROMOTE IrmlVIDUAL RESPONSIBIUTY IN THE RESIDENTIAL 
COMMUNITY 

A. Inform students in a clear fashion about applicable College, 
University, and state regulations and laws, and about consequences 
that follow from fa ilure to conform thereto. 

B. Handle allegations of violations of regulations in a swift, fair, 
humane, consistent, and educational fashion, scrupulously 
preserving students' legal and civil rights. Assure that discipline is 
administered, and regulations enforced, in a consistent fashion 
across the (' mpus. 

C. Strive (in all residential complexes) to enlarge students· 
understanding of how "law and order" relates to individual 
responsibility in a community: expand student ' understanding of 
their re lationship as responsible indlvidu I') to society at large. 

IV. ENttANCE STUDENT DIVERSITY 

ethnic, cultural, and soclo-economlc groups represented in the 
state. 

B. Develop programs to help these students come to appreciate, 
understand, and live cooperatively with one another. 

V. PROVIDE PROGRAMMING TO MEET A VARIETY OF OWECTIVES 
A. Supplement the academic experience with living-learning 

opportunities: 
1. Provide Information on Issues of the day. 
2. Increase student/faculty interaction . 
.3. Provide attractive programs designed to Increase cultural and 

multicultural awareness. 
4. Provide academic support services such as OASIS and College 

Academic Advising In the Residence Halls, preferably during 
evening hours, as needed. 

B. Enhance personal growth and development. 
1. Assist students In making the transition from home to University. 
2. Teach students to share with one another, "network." 
:So Teach residents to respect the rights, values, InterestS, needs, 

abllities, and differences of others. 
4. Support social, cultural, and personal growth through programs 

relating to topics such as values c1ariftcatlon: sex-role Identity: 
substance use decisions: and Interpersonal relations. 

5. Offer stress reduction programs and outlets. 
6. Provide creative channels to help resolve differences between 

students. 
7. Provide opportunities for, and Instruction In, physical 

conditioning. 
8. Provide opportunities for voluntary involvement with and service 

to the surrounding community. 
C. Increase Student Leadership Skills 

1. Select. train, and supervise a competent. caring, dedicated corps 
of House/Resident Advisors. 

2. Provide leadership training opportunities, and leadership 
experiences, for students. 

:So Develop student programming skills. 
4. Develop and maintain effective student governance and judicial 

systems. 
5. Devise and Implement procedures to effectively Involve students 

in the establishment and revision of Residence Halls policies, 
practices, and programs. 

VI. PlAN, CARRY OUT, AI"ID FOLLOW UP ON APPROPRIATE RESEARCH 
A. UC San Diego's Residence Halls need one or more Individuals with 

both expertise In, and time for, conducting a wide range of research 
proJects. Research topics should Include (but not be limited to): 
1. Measurement of the extent to which stated Residential Ufe 

objectives are being met. 
2. Ascertainment of desirable modifications of obJectives, facilities, 

programs, and/or administrative procedures. 
B. The indlvldual(s) assigned these research responsibilities shall 

serve as advisory member( s) of the campus-wlde Housing and food 
Service Committee: and serve as consultant(s) to each Resident 
Dean and College Dean, the Director of Housing and Food Services, 
and the Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate Affairs. 

Please return. by 
the end of Spring 

Quarter to: 

Chips Drellinger, CRI. Chair 
Muir Dean's Oftlce (C-006) 

UC San Diego . 
U1 Jolla. ca 92093 

A. A ~(t~the~JdenceHal~ and n·tain CUrlc:~:s~fr~O~m~t:h;e ;m:a;ny~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

SECOND ANNIVERSARY CELEBRAnON 

Fully portable computer. 2 
disk drives, Monitor. 16 
Function Keys, Printer & 2 
serial parts. WordStar, 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

51550 FREE SOFlWARE! 
KayPro. Osborne. etc. 

compatible. 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties . 
SLEEPY HOLLOW 

695-9220 

London .......... $619 
Amsterdam ... $648 
Madrid .......... $699 

(DU,tiSGLt 
452-0630 

EVERY MON.- 3PMTILCLOSE 
(GET lHERE EARLY FOR BEST SEATING!) 

452-0661 
Genesee & Governor Drive 
(Safeway Shopping Center) 
5 Mins from UCSD Campus 

HOME COOKED FOOD AT FAST FOOD PRICES 

THINK 
PUERro~ 

$340 
3 NIGHTS 

INCLUDES ROUND-TRIP AIR FARE. 

Swaying palms and beaches bathed in gold. Soothing siestas and ~ 
festive fiestas. It's all yours at the luxurious Camino Real, Pueno 
Vallana. Prices include round-trip air fare from Los Angeles on 
Western Airlines.· So think excitement and call today. WtSllN Horus 

*,,4" tamAHn •• 
*Prt cs basetl lm double uccupancy. Tax~ and SlOO U.S. ~rturc {ax not anciudN. 

~ I 

.... 



.. 

20 \1"1,,1111 JIIIll 

CI~lfted adIIertIslng space Is sold In ,00. 
chMacter Increments, e.ch letter. punauatIon 
INIrk and space between words Is considered 
a cNracter. wtth alpltal !etten counting M 
two cNracters, The r.e Is 51 per '00 characters 
for students and $3 per 100 characters for non-
students, You must co~ by the otrlce or mall In 
)'DUf' ad. as we require ~ In lIdvanceof 
publication, Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper. 5 pm Friday for Monday's 
paper, For more Information call 452-3466, 
The Guardian. UCSD. 8-0'6. La Jolla. CA 
92093, 

{jAFFFfil=t=FFFti=FFFFiiFFFFfI 
VIOlin, VIOla, prep for 32 or Just for fun. IndNldua/or 
shared lessons . Helen Maron, 457-0671. (6/6) 
LA JOlLA ACADEMY OF ADVERTISING ARTS l-yr. 
course & JOb placement assistance In aOvertislng, 
design. copy, productIOn, sales, marketing or 
pub/ioty. Now enrOlling for June 17. Free catalog 
459-0201. (6/6) 
Heading East7 Plane ticket for sale. San Diego to 
Detroit and Grand Rapids, Mich. Friday, June 21. 
SIOO. Tel 454-6265. (6/3) 
Come build an Ice cream sundae-WIn cash prizes 
Wed. 5th at noon on the Plaza. (6/3) 
Want fame, fortune, prestlge7 Your picture in the 
LA TImes7 Try out for Watermelon Oueenl Apply 
I>f 6/4 (6/3) 

Beautifu l antique solid oa & blrd's eye maple 
upright grand p,ano 19/9 Storey & Clark. SI200 
Jan 452-3466 <lays; 452-8654 eves. (6/6) 
75 Pontiac Astre, gd. cond 4 speed stick S6SO 
263-7578. (6/6) 
Adorable animal rubber stamps ' Cats, kittens, 
bunnies, bears, pandas. penguins, uniCOrns, etcl 
CNer 320 designs I Use on notepads, bnghten 
envelopes, checks, create stationery, stickers etc I 
Great gift Ideal Free catalogl Send SASE. (.39) to: 
Critter Care Center. P.O. Box 77, Solana Beach, CA 
92075 (6/6) 
Nordica ski boot 9ft certificate. Your choice of 
model, Size, and color. S2000r best. Call 755-6594. 
(6/6) 
ONeil full wetSUIt and Infinity Fourfin. Make an 
offer Scott 453-4894 (6/6) 
Brian Bulkley Trlfin for sale, only 4 months old and 
clean make offer, also HawaIIan shapes for 
wholesale Call Sean 452-1975. (6/6) 
6 ft 4 In Downing HawaII Single fin Good 
conditIOn Best offer 453-3295 (6/3) 
Pigs & bunnies for salel Dual purpose anlma/s-
Good pets until you 're tired of 'eml Call 436-7993 
(6/6) 
2 tlX for Howard Jones on June 5 at SDSU. SeaM 
rowS. Best offer. Call 455-9863. (6/3) 
Brother Executron BUSiness Typewriter. Great for 
resumes S300, Jim or Mila 569-9487. (6/6) 
77 Honda Accord Htchbk Great condo 661<. 
Stereo, air, sunroof, alarm, many extras. S2S00 
obo 452-058B. (6/3) 
VW Bugsl '69, '68. 4 avail S500-S18OO 458-3531 
days Ask for Red (6/6) 
New tennis racquet DaVIS S2O, manual typewriter 
S2O, Iron S30, SchWinn bicycle S20, Huffy bike SIS. 
457-5677 leave message to Fernando. (6/6) 
Sorocco 1979 481< platinum metalliC, runs great 
S2900 or best offer. 455-7810 call Mon-Fri 9-5. 
(6/6) 
High-Fi l NAD 3150 amplifier, nevv $400, now 
S250; Signet cartridge, nevv SI80, now SSO (almost 
unusedl), Akal M-R20 receiver, nevv S25O, now 
S90, BIC tlUmtab/e, nevv SI80, now 540. Call Te 
Soundsl 455-6140. (6/6) 
TWin mattress & boxspnng, less than I yr old. 545. 
Small desk, SIS 000. Call Philip 457-5015. (6/ 6) 
Canon Powerwlnder A2 Great for sports and 
nature. S75, must sell nowl Ray, 27&-7149 nltes. 
(6/6) 
Computer system. Atarl 1200XL Percom disk drive, 
software, desk. S600.00-Call 755-02B4. (6/6) 

T 

~ .. I 1] ILl I 'r.. r , I 
, ..... 1 ,,'" I' ~ ...... , 1 
I ...- I 

TYPISTS WANTED. We are looking for skilled 
typiSts ~ paroopate In an experiment on 
coordinatIOn We Will pay S 5 00 per hour for the SIX 
h:>urs of the experiment. The experiment IS one 
hour per day for SIX days. and Will take place In the 
PsycholOgy bUilding. For further Information, 
contact Mike at 452-4348 (days) or Todd at 5B9-
2301 (evenings) (6/6) 

Wanted: Talented people to write or illustrate for 
the Guardian. Call 452-6580. (6/6) 
Models, hairstylist, La Jolla. Now intervievvlng for 
portfolio and possible TV ~arances. Haircut 
essential at no fee. Contact Richard at 454-9612 
days, 451-0276 eves. (6/6) 
One queenslZe bed. Call Renee at 459-7723. (6/6) 
Pro. couple want pvt. adoptIOn. Loving home. Call 
753-8857. (6/6) 
\XIomen to train as receptionist andoptlcan. NEED 
Friendly, energetic. and honest. 3-4 days 
Broadway OPTOMETRIST UTe. 452-0334. (6/6) 
Telephone caller, tlexlbie hrs, part-time, 54/hr + 
commission. ChriS 236-1534. (6/3) 
Need "entrusiastic" flyer people to work at La 
Jolla Village Convenience Center. 54,OO/hr. 
F/exibie hrs. Call 452-9775. (6/6) 
Abie bodied student to help move belonQIngs to 
Cardiff. Max 3 hrs total IoVOrk, call 452-5282 after 6 
p.m. (6/3) 
SAlfS/cold caller, female pref evenings calUng 
proSpectIVe clients. Call Frank 459-0314, 222-
S039. (6/6) 
Wanted. EECS 70's OLD FINALS. Please pho~ 
Mark at 453-5761. leave name and number. (6/6) 

WANTED U1fum. 3 BR or Irg. 2 BR house, PaCific 
Beach, C1alremont. U1lverslty City, MISSion Beach 
areas Approx S650/mo UCSD employed, 
references. Jan, 452-3466 days, 452-8654 eves 
(6/61 
La Jolla Playhouse needs summer hoUSing. Sublets, 
rentals , roommates. Agreements signed. Call Carol 
452-6760 (6/6) 
Fall rental Sept-May Fum. ocnfrnt oen/bay vievv 
apts studio S320/mo I br S525-550 2 br S775-850 
3 br moo Parking laundry faCIlity. S200 to hold 
unit two months. Rent reqUJred prior occupancy 
485-7319 ev. (6/6) 
Need femaie roommate for Ju/-Aug. S225/mo. & 
1/2 utilities. For more info. call 488-5264, (6/3) 
Female roommate wanted for 6/15 to 9/15. In Mira 
Mesa. Share 1ge. bedroom. S200/mo. CaIU.D. 586-
0452 eves. (6/6) 
DEL MAR Rent for one month only. June 15 to July 
15. Furnished room in ocean view condo near 
beach. All amenitles-pool. j acuZZI, microwave. 
S325 Call 481-0560 after 6 pm. (6/6) 
2 Roommates wanted to share room. Male or 
female nonsmoker. S185/mo 1st/last & 1/4 utilities. 
UnN. City Gen Highlands. Call 458-1793. (6/6) 
Male roommate wanted to share room In 
fashionable condo at Pines of L.1 Jolla, JacUUI, 
pool, sauna, raquetball , non smoker. S200/mo & 
dep & 1/4 utilities. Steve, Kalman or Pete. 45B-
9830. Available Immediately. (6/6) 
Wanted: 2 persons to share large master bedroom 
suite over summer. Large tub & shower, private 
bathroom, 2 Sinks, walk-In closet. Entire large 
condo furnished With microwave, color TV, pool, 
JacUZZI, two car garage, etc. 1/4 mile from UCSD 
on Gilman. S275/person plus utll. Call 458-1850. 
(6/3) 
3 roommates needed to share a beautiful 4 
bedroom U.C house June I&-Sept. S310/mo. & 1/5 
utilities for own room or S295/mo. & 1/5 utilities to 
share master bedroom. Call 455-0584 eves. (6/6) 
WANTED: Two male or female to share room In 
Del Mar 85-86 yr. Walk to beach/bus. S260 & 1/4 
ut. each. Call Steph/Ju/ie 452-8997/452-7769. 
(6/3) 
WANTED for only Fall or Fall and Winter, a room 
(Single or share). Danlelle 455-5621 message. (6/6) 

'PRE-MEDS 
Preparing your AMCAS applicat ion? 
Unsure of how to best present yourself 
to the medical schools? 

MED APS CAN HELP. 
0< H profeSSional consultants perform an 
Ill· ep tl analySIS of your credentl, Is t)C 
lore VOu lIbml 11em to !tIe admls 
510ns COmrTll e I B u IIlln our recom 

r I' orf> nior" dtlon \r.te or cnll 

MEO Aps 
III (A I' • 

Bedroom, den with full batt! in L.1 Jolla. Partial~ 
furi'lshed. Private entrance, No kitchen privil~ 
but electrical appliances OK. 5350.00. Call 456-
1880. NON SMOKfR. (6/6) 
Roormlate wanted by 6/15/85-Male or fM1a1e. 
Beautiful Villa Europa condo. Many amenities. 
Prefer graduating senior or grawate. S325 for own 
room. Call Greg at 457-4678 eves. (6/6) 
Male roommate wanted for summer. Own room 
w/Waterbed. S250 & 1/4 util. UC area. Call 455-
0952 anytime. (6/6) 
Summer Rental: Female to share room In La Jolla 
condo. Pool, jacuui, good location. Rent S230. 
450-9052. (6/6) 
BEACH LIVING: We need 2 m/f to share room in 
Missin Beach apt. ~xt tall thru spring. 2 bath, Ig. 
kitchen, fireplace, beach vievv. Sound fun7 Call 
l.Jsa/Man~ at 453-9804/452-7946 nowl (6/6) 
5 bdrm house in PB. SIOO deposit, S200 per mo. 
85/ 86 school year. Close walk to beach & bay. 
Nonsmkr. (6/6) 
Need female, own room. S217/mo. Must enjoy I~. 
273-4356. (6/6) 
Fern rrmlte needed to share mstr bdrm CNef 
summer. S225 & 1/3 utJl. Call Chris at 457-4096. 
(6/ 6) 

Top Drawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word processing. 
Diane 481-4160. (6/6) 
TYPINGjWORD PROCESSING: many type styles 
to choose from, spelling and punctuation errors 
corrected, pick-up and delNery, quality IM:>rk, 
FAST", S2/page (double spaced). Call Interactive 
Mlao Systems at 452-9949. (6/6) 
Typl~ : IBM/rush JObs/editing/fast, professional 
results 453-0656 or 29&-7333 Shari. (6/6) 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. SI .SO/page. I 
pickup & deliver. ~ Laurence 279-0056. (6/6) 
PROFESSIONAL MING, Word PrOCessing & Tape 
Transcription. Reasonable rates. The Key Word, 
459-5818. (6/6) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typing I Spelling 
correct-Rush jobs sp«ialty/15 yrs. exper. La Jolla 
457-3842. (6/6) 
Typing . IBM/RUSH JOBS/EDITING/FAST, 
ProfeSSional resu/ts/453-0656 or 29&-7333 Shari. 
(6/6) 
A NEED FOR A TYP/Sn Reasonable, Speedy, 
Accurate. Call Kathie 57&-1277. (6/6) 
Settle for an "A ". 90% is presentation. IBM word 
processing. SI.25/pg, spel/d1eck. Your Sec'y 755-
3252. (6/6) 
IBM WORD PROCESSING/Editing. Fast/accurate. 
Pick up/deliver UCSD. Call Sally at 453-7511. (6/6) 
STUDENT SUMMER SPECIAL Have your resume 
professionally typed. Includes 20 copies and 
envelopes. Free consu/ation for format. Student 10 
required. Call 565-2369. (6/6) 
Typing, top notch by college grad english major 
who Nkes students and teachers. Maureen: 483-
9686. (6/3) 
Best Typing and Editing of your papers. SI.5O per 
page. Fast, courteous service. Elaine, 224-0329. 
(6/6) 
TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454- 7624. Rushjobs 
accepted. (6/6) 
A+ BEST MING/ED/TING-Theses, papers, mss, 
resumes. Year-round. Jane 698-7635. (6/6) 

Love Ice Cream 7 Enter the Revelle Sundae Building 
Contest. Ju~ 5th on the Plaza at noon. (6/3) 
Brannigan (honey)-Yes PERFECT, "real men" in 
pink leisure suits & brown socks do eat quiche. 
You're so perfect; I'll even respect ~ past your 
prime. And altroug, ~lOn like yourself 
doesn't need It, best of luck wjBoards. Hugs & 
Kisses from the nicest person you know. P.S. After 
you see thiS (s~tie) pack your bags b Tahiti & 
remember your sense of humor is your best feature. 
(6/3) 
ROSE, DEBBIE, JILL \XIhere are you7 I'm going 
BANANAS w/oot you. Happy Birthday Rose. I..ove 
Yoor hairy-faced Din~r Partner. (6/3) 
Congratulations to TKE's 'Theta class I We know 
you wW all be awesome activesll love The Un/e 
Sisters. (6/3) 
Marshall-Babyl Congrats on your TKE Initiation I 
I'm so proud of my UI' Bral Much Love, Lon. (6/3) 
Hey all you seedy students, want to be Revelle's 
Watermelon Queen? Apps due In Revelle Dean's 
I>f 6/4. (6/3) 
Come build an ice cream sundae-win cash prizes 
Wed. June 5th at noon on the Plaza . Be there 1(6/3) 
Krlp-We all luv ya to death and wish ya the best b-
dayl Happy big #19/ luve, 1h~ Goobs, Moon and 
Bean. (6/3) 
Desperately seeking Sioux. Talking on the phone 
Isn't enough. I need more Call me Marque (6/3) 
AttentIOn Everyone: Tomorrow IS Rose McCabe's 
B-Dayl Presents may be delIVered to Upper Serra 
Rlghtl (6/3) 
HEIDIO, HOW ABOUT JUSTAFEEEWGADGETS. 
I lOVE YOU. BAD - BAD - . (6/3) 
Happy Pre-Birthday ROSIe I Love, Jilly-Bean. (6/3) 
Sheryl. good luck ~xt yeat at UCSB. We're sure 
going to miSS your a~ice, your presence at those 
happy m ., and most of all, your friendship. Love 
always, Chris and Debbie. (6/31 

Lost: Red Velcro wallet. Lost near Revelle Informal 
Lounge on Wed. 5/22. Please call Jose at 264-
7270 or 452-0321. leave Message. (6/3) 
Lost-Ladies' goldtone watch. Citizen Ouartz 
w/square face. Very irflXlrtant to me. Call Diana 
455-9210. (6/3) 
Found: Sharp calculator. Call to Identify. 278-6674. 
(6/3) 
Lost: gr~ woo/.Jc1Cket on MUIr or Revelle 5/17/85. 
If found please call Sara at 459-895B. Reward. 
(6/3) 
Lost: keys W. telephone cord key chain. Call 587-
0690. (6/6) 
Lost: Wanan's gold ring with four rubies. If found 
please call Lori at 455-9803 t>r revvard. (6/6) 
Found: I calculator on Monday, May 13th in P&L 
Call 458-1880 and identify model & approx. time of 
loss. (6/6) 
Lost 5/29 \X!tlite cotton bag-contmts: SlR Vivital 
camera, lenses , assorted camera & lens cleaning 
goods. Call Michael 483-9116 or 270-4389. (6/6) 
Lost: Sharp S06 calculator last ~, probably in 
STlI02. If fi:>und please call Gabriela 453-9a78. 
(6/6) 
Found: a ring. Call to identify. 587-0233. (6/6) 
Lost· a sleeping bag at the sit-in 7 We haIIe it. 273-
4356 (6/6) 

Summer Session 1985 
REGISTRATION 

Classes are beginning to fill up so 
register tocfay. Registration 

deadline: Wednesday, June 19, 
1985. For a free catalog come by 
the Summer Session Office, 101A, 

M-F 8-4:30. 


