
G What 
Fool's ~andal rode: d 

A 
ssue, th e the E Wh e UCSD cover of w":: ",",long" I o..,'dJo"ou, A",;I 

Center! pay opened ~ atth 
the ~"~~",Pk .. Id ' M.ndol/ 
gym! team th ' medal te IS Su d am co fr WI> n .y in the n ?nto 

o WOn th Triton 

s 

e Dufr 
What w ee Award' 
simulcast as the tit! . •_lIiiiiiDeiiPiaritrn~e~~~~lnidiu~Ct~ed~b :y ~ ~:~:the USA eCom -USSR municat ' Ion 

G 

s 

p 

What color are the eyes of CarUSO in the 
cornic strip that appears weekly in Hio.tl4S! 

What nov~l did Steve ErnetSon sign at the 
BookstOrd 
What tea

rn 
received twO plaques, twO 

"aphi" .nd ,wo i-V' .. h>le "dlnO "ouod 
Santa Barbara! 
Who was the 1985 Bel\tin lectured 
What stoe\t did a student burn in protest 
during the anti_apartheid boycott rally! 

% vaca:~ are eh 
A JOn e ~ ~ \Vn as Pr three Co .... n ese 0 a at eh nted ' Ption 

cam evy r"L 10 "th S for 
turn dPu. ' '-'Oase e W ' Su S ' OU, Oor "'h "",vi Ot ... ', '!!'"" 

l'f"'a
t 
.,. to • Mon'; '::""_, ' 'I 

1 Nat" ° UCSD '"ville many esulted ' On I SCr St-·...1 In 
WI.. a ChlJ_tearns ~nin .. ;-uents 

1.1 II() -"Pi are ... 
IVJOthe, "'rOte ons! CUrrent ' 
... Itoo.i, 011."". iJ;v,", 
-not . ... & on 

reprea: the pi the t! "Ic tr ' POlitic lanld . S of 
e, and 

whlltd ~it 

Who w 
SCienc ~n the 

A 
e ficr ' top th ~ W IOn Wr' ree h C hat lting c onors ' 

at ucstDwo Pete ontest! III the Vc 
} r O'T, 

S 
. ~km ovies 

Who ' previewed 

IS know p n as 2851bs 
Who . of en h 

WOn h t us ' t e P , 185m' 
ulltzer . 

How m Prize fo 
Itlves uch , r mus' 

ted in mOne IC! 
Coca-C: does 18 of So the U 

uth Afr~ have Ica! 

G 
I ~ 
n t 

A Con oday' ~ ~ ira s ' Co tulan ISSue %0 ons, YO~ who 

S 
dancef/aYed mad . Says 

. at the S e It." ' 
%0 Un God 

Cham p'laced FestiY PIOns 1. ' third ' aJ eVe ' 
IVn I liPs , In (1. 1110 .. 
..., 110 ' 10 Os oe N .. 

Child 10 th Yto atio mo
y

' e Boo na! nal Dr' 
IVn Ie Sf kSto Ivi11 ~n, "," .. • tiS (1. as on lie ce new U a fam CSD OUs 

maSCOt' 

CATEGORIES: 

GUARDIAN 

ARTS &. E NTER T AINMENT 

SPORTS 

PEOPLE 

CAMPUS NEWS 

Nam ~~~~~!!!!!!!!!! .... --M e th 
andevil/e em P~rspect ' OVle b Ives 

AE 
Whose ased on article 
Central fbUlpture h a dorm gam

and 

I rary' angs ' e, 
. III the ~" Oly", . ",", .. ,1/ of 

nyonvie plan 10 w POOl? yes t o fall into the 
s 

p Who ' 
programlS , the AS ITllngl Com ' How mlssione 
"w lTlany d r of 

inn ' ays d ' Ie Mand Id th ela Lib e UCSD rary" I sleep , ast! -Ill at 

o IS a<;k Durant! Wh ' J 

Who played at the April 12 TGIF! 

s 
Who won thi Tournament? s year 's Over-the-Line 

p andeville? rabbit out of WhMat evangelist pulled a 

eN lVestment pet' ' were on the UC 
~doW many signatute5 
Atkinson? lOon submitted to Chancellor 



The Treasurer of the University of 
California advised the Regents May 17 
that he will b.e making no further 
mvestments in companies with nes to 
outh Africa until the University's 

investment poli )' question is decided 
next month. ThiS mformanon was 
reported b)' Regent Edward Carter, chair 
of the Investment Committee. 

Carter told Board members, -It is the 
Treasurer's intention that between now 
and June , when the meeting on the 
question of dive tment IS considered , 
that he does not intend-except m the 
most extraordmal)' and unusual 
circumstances-to pamcipate in the 
purchase of stocks m companies that 
would be affected by the proposed 
divestment program," Caner said . 

The decision affects common stock 
purchases only 

UC currently has approximately $2 .4 
billion invested in companies whi h , In 
general , have approximately one percent 
of their assets in South Afnca. AsSOCIate 
Treasurer Patricia Small said today's 
deci IOn IS expected to have no 
measurable effect on the UniverSity's 
$6.3 bllhon Investment portfoho. 

She said , "Inasmuch as approximatcl)' 
half of the Unlversit)'s portfolio of 
stocks IS In companies with no tiCS to 
South Africa , there are suffiCient 
investment opportunuies Within (hat hst 
to meet our no:eds." 

Regents meet Jun~ 20-21 at San 
FranCISCo ExtenSIOn Center. where they 
are scheduled to take up the mvestment 
qu(!stion . In additlon, the Board has 
scheduled a speCial meeting June 10 at 
UCLA to hear public comment on the 
basic Issues surroundmg outh Afnca . 

D 
A special meeting of the Board of 

Regents to accommodate additional 
public testimony on the issue of 
Universl[)1 of California investment 
policy as it rela tes to South Afnca has 
been announced by Board Chair Vilma 
Martinez 

The heanng IS scheduled fo r June 10 
at UCLA. Arranged by Mamnez In 
consultatlon with UC President David P 
Gardner, It will Include mvited speakers 
and testimony from the general public. 

The "open microphone" portion of 
the meeting, dUring which members of 
the audience will be mvited to share 
their o pintons, will take place dunng 
the afternoon. 

Specific details remain to be arranged , 
including a campus Site large enough to 
accommodate Interested members of the 
University community and the pubhc. 
The Regents will consider changes In 
their investment policy at the June 20-
21 regular meeting of the Board in an 
Francisco. 

"Chairman Maninez and I felt that , 
due to the Widespread Interest m this 
matter on the pan of faculty , staff, 
students and the general public , the 
Regents should provide a further 
opportunIty for as many people as 
possible with viewpoints and data- . 
which might help the Regents In their 
deliberations-to express them to the 
Board directly," Gardner said 

Los Angeles was chosen as a hearing 
site to give Southern CalIfornia 
constlluenCles a chance to air their 
views directly to the Regents , according 
to Martinez. ThiS complements several 
public discussions of the Issue already 
held or scheduled In orthem 
California. 

Thltteen regents attended a 4lf2· hour 
divestment forum arranged by UC 
Berkeley students on Apnl 7 , and the 
Board is scheduled to hear on the 
investment Issue at its May and June , 
meetings. A portion of the afternoon 
meenng of the Regents on June 20 in 
San Francisco has also been reserve<;i for 
public tesumon),. 

Part of the morning session of June 
10 at UCLA will be devoted to a review 
of the Treasurer's Report. a study that 
was requested in January by the Regents 
10 summarize current University 
policies, holdmgs and investment 
options as the)' relate to companies 
doing bu mess in outh Africa. The 
report is scheduled to be released and 
Circula ted publicly on June 3. 

D 
Bill Evans. a dancer, choreographer 

and educator who has been calhng for a 
greater emphasiS on the mind and body 
connection in dance, will be in 
residence as a Regents' Lecturer at 
UC D May 29 through June 2. He wil! 
be the guest of the Physical Educanon 
Department's Dance Program. 

Evans, 45 , who has choreographed 
nearly 100 works and performed all over 
the world , is founder of a national 
tounng ensemble , a dance school , a 
series of summer institutes of dance and 
a summer dance festival , aU of which 
bear his name. 

On ampus a~ pan of the annual 
Undergraduate Ans Festival, Evans Will 
teach a master class, which will be open 
to all community dancers. and give a 
010 performance in the annual 

Faculty tudent Dance Concert He Will 
also teach university classes m 
contemporary and tap dan e. 

The master class is scheduled for 1 
pm unday, June 2, In the orth 
Balcony of UCSD's MaIO Gymnasium. 
tudents are required to register 10 

advance by calling Ann Jones at 452· 
2020. The fee IS $6. 

The dance concert, ofeaturing the 
choreographiC work of UCSD faculty 
and performed by students. will be 
presented on Saturday, June 1 and 
unday, June 2 at 8 pm ar Mandeville 

Center. Tickets. which are S5 for 
students and $7 for the public, will be 
available pnor to the concert at the 
center box office. 

Evans takes a holistic approach to 
teaching techntque , emphasizing equal 
mvolvement of mind and body. In 
recent years, he's Integrated inco his 
approach trammg m the biomechanics 
of movement and exercise phYSiology, 

Evans whose works have been perform~d by dance compaflles In the 
United States, Canada and Europe , 
captured the Guggenheim Fellowship for 
choreography in 1967 and has received 
seven choreographic fellowships from 
the National Endowment for the An . 

Currently servmg as resident 
teacher/ choreographer for Winnepeg's 
Contemporary Dancers, where he was 
artistic director during the 1983-84 
season , Evans was an assistant professor 
of modem dance at the University of 
Utah, Salt Lake City, from 1974 to 1976 
and a visiting professor of dance at the 
Universi[)' of Washmgton , Seattle from 
1979 to 1981. 

Evans holds a bachelor of ans degree in 
English and a master of fine arts degree in 
modern dance , bOlh from the University of 
Utah . He IS currently based near Salt Lake 
City. 

D 
Revelle College 'S academically top 

100 students were honored at a special 
banquet Frida}', May 17 at Club Med . 
The annual event , supported by a n 
anonymous donor, featured speeches by 
Acting Provost Tom Bond , Professor 
Ememus Roger ReveUe and Professor 

Mom~ Fnedkm. Twenty·two faculty and 
five Revelle College staff members JOined 
In recognizing extraordinary academiC 
achievement. 

EspeCially acknowledged and 
representing the students was Charles 
Stafford, outstandmg graduate of the 
class of 1985. Mr tafford completed a 
.physlcs major and philosophy mmor 
and all Revelle general education 

• .. _ ... -1"""+ j . . .-. 1- - !-- 1- 1- 1--
, - 1 -t H-I-
- . 

~~ ' ~".j .. . 1 .. 
'- '" 
IVm~>Jt~~ 

-
t· " 1 f- l •• .... .., .. "" ... "',.. -~""' .L I..i • ..., -+ .", t 1-11..' b •• t-, - ! 10.. !JJ1Jo .~-r;~;~ r. 1 -~t ." ' F1~ '1' / I ~. 
. ..... . _ .• l~ f- ,'" I'!-IL r.I 

Cover: Life, libeny and the pursuit ofUCSD trivia comes 
to the Guardian cover. Just how much do you know about 
UCSD? How much do you know about the Guardian? 
How much do you care? Thousands of cems in cash and 
prizes are at stake, so get your act together and play our 
trivial game. 
News' The Communications Department is doing its thing on the com;~ter, and the UC Regents have passed the funding proposal 
for the UniverSity Center. 
Opinions: A revisionist spins his crystal ball on th~ Iranian 
revolution , both old and new. The Alliance for. SUrvlval a~ds 
another dose of vinegar to the divestment campaIgn. Plus 1yncal 
letters and dapper Doonesbwy. , 
Perspectives: A founh grader's sto~ o~ a~ l~,dian's)ourney i.nto 
the world of the white man, and a wnter s I look mto the httle 
notes we write to ourselves, and why, 
Spons: The Cubans are heading for international waters as they 
face off against the USA Men's Volleyball Team Sunday a~d 
Tuesday night in the Triton Dome, and the sports perspecnve 
writer is analyzing again. 
Hiatus: The triumphant return of the Undergraduate An~ Festival, 
a little Comfort and Joy , record reviews, Caruso and Gomgs On, 

COVER CONTEST BY CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

requirements in four years ~Ith a . 
straight A record. Stafford will contmue 
hiS studies as an NSF Fellow at 
Princeton University. The other students 
present typically had GPAs higher than 
3.7 in both their majors and general 
educanon requirements. Also singled out 
for special recognition was Dan Fessler, 
recipient of the first A!. Hallowell award 
as the outstanding graduate in the 
Department of Anthropology. Chris . 
Shi naberger's recent award of a speCial 
graduate scholarship f,"?m the Institute 
of Record ing for the Bhnd was also 
acknowledged. 

An announcement was made 
regarding the graduating class' selection 
of Professors Steve Cox , literature, and 
Paul Price, biology, as recipients o f . 
Revelle's outstanding teacher awards thiS 
year. 

D 
University of California RegenlS 

ap proved all items on the agenda 
announced at their Board meeting May 
16·17 at UC Berkeley's Lawrence Hall of 
Science. 

In addition , the Regents voted to 
schedule a public hearing in early 
September to hear testimony regarding 
UCs management of three federally-
owned laboratories (Lawrence Berkeley 
Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National 
Laboratory and Los Alamos National 
Laboratory). The Regents are scheduled 
to vote for or against renewal of their 
management contract with the 
Department of Energy at thei r Board 
meeting September 19-20 at UCLA. 

o 
Calvin C. Moore, professor of 

mathematics, UC Berkeley, has been 
appointed assistant vice presid~nt of 
academic personnel and planmng for 
UCSD. effective July I 

The appointment was made by the 
Regents at their Board meeting May 17 
at UC Berkeley'S Lawrence Hall of 
Science. 

Moore. 49 , replaces Edward Blakely, 
who resigned September I , 1984. Leon 
Mayhew, profe sor of SOCiology, UC 
Davi , has been acting assis tant vice 
preSident. Mayhew will return full-time 
to the Davis campus as dean of the 
College of Letters and SCiences 

In hi S new posillon, Moore will have 

responsibility for academic planning 
and program review; academic 
personnel poli y development and 
academiC compensation; and faculty 
development and affirmative action , 
including graduate and professional . 
student affirmative action. HIS salary Will 
be $89,500 a year. 

Moore joined UC as an assistant 
professor in mathematics in 1961 , 
shortly after receiving his PhD at 
Harvard University. He was made full 
professor in 1966. 

In 1978-79, he was an Adolph Miller 
Research Professor. He served as chai r 
of the Board of Trustees of the American 
Mathematical Society in 1973 and 1978, 
and was vice president of the 
organization in 1983-84. From 1979-82, 
Moore served as member of the 
Presidential Committee on the National 
Medal of Science, 

At UC Berkeley, Moore was vice chair 
of the Depanment of Mathematics from 
1968-71, and served as dean of physical 
sciences from 1971-76. He was director 
of the Center for Pure and Applied 
Mathematics from 1977-80 and, since 
1981 , has been deputy director of the 
Mathematical Sciences Research 
InstitufC. 

D 
The TrilOn Dome will be jumping 

come Sunday and Tuesday nights. A 
killer battle is scheduled to ensue 
between the 1984 Olympic gold 
medalist USA Men's National Team and 
the offensively amazing men's team from 
Cuba. 

"This will be war," says Karch Kiraly, 
a powerhouse for the Amencans. 

Both games begin at 7:35 pm. Tickets 
can be bought on campus from women's 
volleyball head coach Doug Dannevik 
for $5 and $9. Tickets are also available 
at the door. 

o 
A pow-wow is being thrown by the 

American Indian Faculty/ Staff 
Association Saturday, May 25 , 8 pm to 
midnight. Included in the event will be 
1raditional dancing and ceremonies, 
dance contests and exhibitS. The pow-
wow will be held in the Revelle 
Cafeteria . The public is welcome. 

- Ren~e Wenrick 

Thursday, May 23, 1985 3 
e 

... ~ . ~ ~ ~. . .n x. . ~ ~~. . 

Computing the future of communications 
ByDEBI COHEN 

A GROUP OF STUDENTS from Pitzer College came to UCSD early this month to meet with 
studenlS from a special studies 
communication course in order to 
discuss the ways in which computers 
and the knowledge of them will affect 
communications. The students from 
Pitzer, one of the five Claremont 
Colleges near Los Angeles, are enrolled 
in a computer/communications class 
similar to the one at UCSD. 

The classes had made cOIl tact, via the 

Through networking, 
people can send messages 
around the world to other 
people who are hooked up. 
computer, prior to their meeting after 
some UCSD students discovered the 
"mail path" to Pitzer. They met in order 
to become familiar with the students 
with whom they were conversing and to 
discuss various projeclS that the 
students of both campuses have been 
discussing. 

·We are exploring various uses of the 
computer from its possibly beneficial 
role in education to its role in 
facilitating communication ," explined 
Mike Biros, a UCSD student currently 
enrolled in the class. 

AI UCSD, some stUdents are working 
on a project known as the "Wizard ." At 

several elementary schools in the San 
Diego area, children are learning to read 
and write rhrough the computer. The 
Wizard, a computer communications 
link to the elementary school, can 
answer almost any question. The kids 
ask questions ranging from what the 
best type of computer is to what is 
Michael Jackson', phone number. 

Dr. Michael Cole of the 
Communications Department explained 
the purpose of the device: "If children 
have difficulty. they can blame it on the 
Wizard: This redirects frustration or 
feelings of anger the child might have 
toward the teacher and the computer 
and places it on this thing called the 
Wizard . 

"Thanks to this Wizard Project," said 
Ezequiel Garber, who with other people 
has been trying to create an 
interamerican electronic network, 
"students at several schools in the 
community are communicating, 
exchanging messages and increasing 
their self-esteem and perception as 
students: 

Many of the students at UCSD are 
working on networking. Through 
networking, people can send messages 
around the world to other people who 
are "hooked up" to the correct network 
via the computer. They are hooked up 
by phone lines and satellites. Trying to 
find the correct path , however, is much 
like trying to phone someone overseas 
without a telephone directory or 
operator assistance. Garber and Gail 
Blumberg among other students, are 

California Policy Seminar 
Call for Proposals 
For the fiscal years 1985-87. funds are available to faculty on 
all UniverSity of California campuses and associated federal lab· 
oratories who are investigating policy issues on subjects of vital 
concern to Californians. The Seminar will consider any emerging 
policy issue of potential interest to state government. Examples 
of policy issues are energy, toxic substances, federal1ands, wildlife 
preservation, education, health, finance, infrastructure, and eco-
nomic development Funded researchers will work on their home 
campuses and report their findings to the CALIFORNIA POLICY 
SEMINAR and interested state government officials. 

Projects will be accepted for both short- and iong-term funding. 
Short-term projects (funded for between $5,000 and $20,000, 
on average) should be completed in less than 12 months, with 
research findings available by March of 1986. Long·term projects 
will be funded at approximately $50,000 over two years. 

Application forms may be obtained from your dean or department 
chair, and from ttre CALIFORNIA POLICY SEMINAR (Institute of 
Governmental Studies, 109 Moses Hall, University of California, 
Berkeley 94720; phone 415/642·5514; ATSS 8-582-5514). 

learning these mailpaths, They have 
been in contac t with Spain, Israel. 
.Germany and other countries. 

One of the students , Valerie Polichar, 
said in an interview conducted through 
the computer, "My intent is to 
reinvigorate electronic communications 
between the UC schools that have 
access to Usenel. A newsgroup called 
'neluc·general' exists. but no one is 
using it- despite the faCt that at least 
five UC schools have access to it. 
Evetything from comparisons of 

"A newsgroup 'called 
'net.uc-general exists, 
but no one is using 
it .... " 

campuses to discussions of student 
problems could be aired on such a net , 
and it could prove invaluable for 
intercampus relations-especially when 
.It comes time for AS councils to make 
decisions or university groups to meet 
and discuss proposed changes. It would 
provide a unifying factor between the 
UCs which would be far stronger than 
either conventional mall or telephone 
conversations can offer, allOwing a 
greater 'power to the people' and giving 
students and administrators more 
opportunity to interact and discuss, 
rather than to merely accept or lay 

down policy." 
The students from Pitzer are 

researching things along these same 
lines, as well as immediate access to the 
computer. They have run into many 
rudimentary problems in communicating 
within their group. For example , Sandro 
Dura Rti , the professor for the computer 
class at Pitzer, wrote a lener to the 
students at UCSD (via the computer) 
abOUt some of his initial problems. 
These problems included different 
computers on different campuses that 
don 't interface to each other as well as 
difficulty in learning how to use the 
various commands. 

As Duranti said . "The very stuff that 
we are supposed to be talking about has 
made our conversation partly more 
difficult or at least our task o r work 
more frustratin~." 

Other computer communications 
projects involve local and international 
networking with elementary, high school 
and college students, as well as hearing-
impaired people , and connecting 
various ethnic communities, 

Both groups felt the meeung was a 
good experience, As one of the Pitzer 
students said . "I don't want to send 
messages back and forth to someone I 
don't know." Garber added, "I enjoyed 
the meeting very much. I think that it 
shows that person to person is a 
completely different experience. 
Basically, it's different to be messaging 
to a face-somebody you've seen-than 
(0 someone who is voiceless and 

~.~ ~ 

La .Io0a - Eastgate 

SELF-STORAGE 

• INDIVIDUALS 
• HOUSEHOLD GOODS 
• BUSINESS 
• RECORDSTORAGE 
• INVENTORY 

8448 EASTGATE cr. SAN DIEGO 92121 

• 'tv'MONITORJNG 
• 24 HOUR SECURITY 
• ARMED GUARD RESPONSE 
• SECURE GATE ACCESS 
• CONTROLLED BUILDING ACCESS 
• FREE CONVENIENCE CART USE 

458-1950 
SUMMER SPEOAL 
3 MONDIS 

"49 
Budget Spaee? 

We Have Plenty! 



Viewpoint 

The impotence of Iran '5 revolution 
By A,R. 

Five years ago, a stupendous 
movement in Iran shocked the world. 
The roots of rebcllion arc deep In the 
history of Iran, but the Khomeini 
revolution was the first time in Iran's 
history that the rebels who opposed the 
existing regime achieved their objectives 
and did so with minimal casualties and 
in so brief a time . Yet , the biggest 
mystery is , how did the mighty Shah's 
anny that was ranked fifth strongest in 
the world fall so easily into the hands of 
unarmed men? The mysllcs called it a 
"miraculous VICtory." Now, with the 
passage of time , the flame of the 
revolution has been put out within the 
hearts of many lranrans, and orne 
realizations about the actual impotence 
of the hah's army have become 
evidcnt. In order to understand the 
anny's failures, a look at the background 
of the revolutlon seems essential. 

There were three oppositlon groups 
then, and the), are still In eXistence 
mday. Thc), are the religiOUS fanatiCS, 
the Muphedin and the 
constltutionahsts Although each group 
IS dnven b), different Ideologies, they 
became untted dunng the revolution 
since they would be much stronger 
together than moving alone agdinst the 
might), hah . The rehgtous fanatics are 
mostly Shlltcs who bchcve In IslamiC law 
and ItS SOCial-economic enforcement. 
nus group has the allegiance of the 
people and IS now In full power and 
control undcr the leadership of 
Ayatollah Khomernl. 

The second group, the MUJahedln, 
has created ItS Ideology by mixing 
Islamic law and Marxist Communism. 

This group has re peatedly tried to put a 
socialist government into power. They 
were, and still are, in hiding and were 
once slated for eradication by the Shah's 
secrct service. The Mujahedin made 
themselves popular during the hah's 
regime by their propaganda and violent 
demonstrations inside most universities 
advocating socialism. Their actions 
forced the universities to close their 
doors for the safety of the other 
students on campus. Ironically , 
Mujahedines are perceived as the 
number one enemy of Khomeini's 
government and are keeping busy by 
using the old tactics that they used 
during the hah's regime , except that 
today their assassination targets include 
the most influential of Khomeini's 
officials. 

The word on the streets these days IS 
that AVAK agents who were captured 
by the rebels after the revolution are 
being released from Jar! and hired into 
the " anonal SeCUrlt)' and Intelligence 
ervlce " But, In fact , these are the secret 

police of the Shah who have now 
become the secret polrce of Khomelnr 
The MUJahedrn claim to have found 
some of their members who were 
relea'iCd from Jail to have been brutally ' 
tortured by the AVAK agents. The 
Shah's orders to exterminate the 
MUJahedin were taken senously, yet the 
Intended Vlctlms have Widely retahated 
by means of terronst bombs on 
Khomclnr 's olTiclals' cars and bUildings 
Without considering the hfe of the 
Innocent people on the street. 

Most fans of the constitutlOnahsis are 
among the Intellectuals and thc older 

generation . Their beliefs are based on 
const itutional monarchy which practices 
democracy and respects the beliefs and 
activities of opposition panies. This 
group , under the leadership of Prime 
Minister Mossadegh, succeeded in a 
brief temporary movement which caused 
the Shah to leave the country in the 
1950s. The movement didn't last long, 
however. The Shah returned to his 
throne with the aid of his friendly 
agent , the CIA. From then on , the Shah 
ran the country by himself, an autocratic 
ruler with a mighty army behind him to 
secure his goals. The Shah's aim was to 
build an independent, moderate army 
that could deal with any aggression while 
he promoted his goal to magnify once 
more the heritage of Iran's past. To 
achieve hiS goal. he spent millions of 
petro-dollars on arms. His majesty's 
royal officers did everything they could 
to improve the army with the 
Involvement of American help. 

Another part of the Shah's goal 
involved creation of an independent, 
technologIcally-advanced society. In 
1978, three new univerSIties were ready 
to operate With a capacity or close to a 
million students per year in all ftelds or 
sctence. Labs were modernized and 
equipment llpdated , but teachers were 
In hmited numbers. This limitation 
would have been manageable if the 
government could have attracted foreign 
Imellecmals with surficlendy high 
salarres. On the lis! or desirable foreign 
experts were some researchers who were 
knowledgeable in the nuclear field and 
were using theIr expemse in Europe 
and especially in the United States. After 

the Shah's public decision to open three 
nuclear power plants, his ultimate 
purpose came into question. Fear was 
felt by many foreign governments that 
Pahlavi 's achievement of nuclear 
capacity would change the balance of 
power in that highly strategic zone. 

Mujahedin and pro-Khomeini leftists 
who were active in foreign lands during 
the Shah's regime now became fuses of 
bombs to be e"ploited by the adversary 
countries. The BBC in England had 
recognized Khomeinr as one of the 
greatest revolutionaries; it began to 
represent the Shah deviously and 
pejoratively in its broadcasts and 
became the voice of the revolutionary 
acttvists in and outside Iran. BBC was 
quite aware or Iran's media censorship 
which attracted to BBC broadcasts 
almost everyone in Iran who possessed 
a radio. Broadcasts often exaggerated 
the events, magnifying the horrors of 
the Iranian government and the 
atrocities of the army. Iran 's business 
class, dissatisfied with the government's 
failure to stop inflation , became 
increaSingly active , clOSing its shops and 
the market exchange process and 
thrOwing ItS suppOrt behind Khomeini. 
All the opposition groups helped spread 
anti-regime propaganda with SAVAK 
files which contained records of who 
had been tortured or executed . Fear of 
SAVAK had previously forced society 
into a deadly silence, but almost all 
Iranian CItizens staned to demand their 
rights and their freedom , including the 
release of political pnsoners and the 
reopening of the universities. 

(Continued on Monday) 

Nuclear apartheid-
with South Africa since 1957 when Allis 
Chalmers sold them a five me~wat 
researc h reactor. By 1975, the Ford 
admmistration halt in sales of nuclear 
materials , about 100 kilograms of bomb-
grade enriched uranium and heavy 
water had been delivered to South 
Africa. As of 1977, the US has sent at 
least 155 nuclear scientists to South 
Africa, and trained 90 SA nuclear 
technicians in the US. 

nations. The US government does not 
require US companies to submit 
information on their foreign affiliates , 
but it is known at the Center for 
Development Policy, via a lawsuit, that 
Westinghouse has at least eight foreign 
subsidiaries in the nuclear busincss. The 
State Depanment has confirmed that 
"ENSA" in Spain and "Framatome" in 
France are operated under 
Westinghouse licenses . 

By JIM JACOBSON, AlhQnce Jor SurvrVQl 
The national campaign for divestment 

of aU US corporate and govemment 
holdings in South Africa should include 
a halt to any commerce to nuclear 
technology or uranium I There IS clear 
eVidence that South Africa has used us 
uranium resources to bargain for nuclear 
weapons technology from industrialized 
nations. We know through CIA and 
Congressional intelligence sources that 
South Africa is developing nuclear 
weapons capability under the 
c{mveniem cover of "commercial" 
nuclear power production. The 
weaponsl energy nuclear technologies 
are inseparable, and many experts 
believe the apanheid regime has even 
tested atomic weapons. South Africa has 
only been able to develop its apanheid 

nuclear weapons program as a result of 
aSSIstance from the US, France , 
Germany, Israel and Canada. 

At least 20 Amencan utility companres 
have imponed uranium from South 
Africa or Namibia for use in commercial 
reactors berween 1978 and 1983, 
according to the Nuclear Control 

-Institute. A large number of US 
ratepayers are subsidizing the apanheid 
nuclear weapons program and thereby 
supponing South Africa's illegal 
occupation of Namibia. The US 
government has imponed SA uranium 
for enrichment (about eight percent of 
all uranium enriched here in 1983 was 
South African) and expon to foreign 
nuclear power programs. The US has 
had a nuclear cooperation agreement 

Under Reagan, the State Department 
and Department of Energy have 
permitted US companies 
(Westinghouse) to contract with SA for 
repai r services and fuel supplies to their 
French-built nuclear reactors at Koeberg. 
Because of a dangerous loophole in the 
International law (Non Proliferation 
Treaty) which aims to prevent sales of 
weapons-related technology, 
Westinghouse and other US nuclear 
corporations have prOVided training 
services, supplies, pans and even 
uranrum and plutonium to South Africa 
vi~ rheir suhsidiary companies in other 

An international nuclear industry 
group has approached the puppet South 
African government in Namibia, offering 
them 5800 million per year to dump 
nuclear waste from German and US 
nuclear reactors and industries. 
Namibia's white Finance Minister told 
the white Assembly that Namibia could 
earn more from the plan than the 
nation's total annual budget. The South 
African nuclear weapons connection 
must become an important aspect of the 
intemational campaign against South 
Africa and apanheid. 

GMPHIC AAT1SlS: JCHI A5K.££, TOM IIlONICA 
PHOfOGIWIt8S: JCHI AStUE tfiWI fOLEY, -.. WNIQrI_1 

5OF1l£Y,~" 
STNfWMtRS: MATT~, MN\KINJ1(N&AG. DEDlCm'N.JOiNfIC!tMrnG.NUIIIII 

VAN HlRO*ISON. Qfl,IS~ KAl.J5, AOBERf. E. U~NltF.;at 
SCHAOfT, KATHLE£N SCHOU. ~ STEAtfs 5&tNf 5U..\IIIAN L.ALJf\lE _-..: ..... "'" 
WAAfl.INER 

PAS'f[·UP AATlST~: J()If\I ASHL.£E.lJUWH CJ:)INAV, lOM.¥COONAlD. WIAPtI f'ifGOJ, M.U~ 
wAG6T/IfF 

rt'IIESmW: tel FI.M. JIIH tWtSEN, PtII» ~ c:wa 1HCJM1 
IUSNSS ~GIP.S: SHENa. ~_IW.L I'MLLAQR. a. 

Thursday , May 23, 1985 5 
.,,' , ~INI~ . 
.. ,. " . . ~ ". .'~~ ~.:~ .... ,. . ... , 

ll<eilit~lflll~ilit<e lr~n~ilit~lrln~ilit<elr~~®frfr®lf~~®(tit<e1f~ll®ilit(f;lr~ll~ilit<elr~ll(f;ilit<elI'~n~ilit<elr~ll<efrttce1f~llceilit<e 
fr<elI'$iettersfi -e{t{t<elrln<e{t{t<eIr~n®frit~lr~ll®frfrce;lr~n®frtt®Ir~n®ilit~Ir~ll<e;ilit®lrln<ellit<elr~ll(f;fdt<eIr~~cefrfr@1f~ll 

1f~n~ilit~rr~n<ellit~lrlllceilit<elI'~n®{t{t®1f~n~ttti:ce;Ir~ll®t1fr®rr~ncellit<elr~n®ilit<elI'ln<eilit(f;rr~n<eilit<err~n®tlfr~fi~~~tt 
Rationalizing hysteria 
Editor: 

I wish to correct an honesr but politically destructive 
error on the pan of Suzanne Ufson (Guardian, 5/ 20). 
As 1 do not wish to misrepresent my viewpoint, 1 will 
admit to being involved in CaIPIRG. However, the 
petition to recall the new AS was n<x initiated by 
CaIPIRG, not has the organization, committed as it is 
to a nonpanisan stance, been involved In any way. 
When the council passed its anti-election resolution, 
we encouraged srudents to lobby that body for a 
reconsideration-not to impeach them. 

The recall was initiated by a diverse group of 
students drawn primarily from the Coalition for a Free 
South Africa but also including sevt:ral fonner AS 
members and other active students. They were angertd 
by the new council's failure to represent the students 
on a number of issues, including but not restricted to 
their resolution asking the administration to ignore a 
student election, regardless of the issue voted upon. 
This is indicative of a complete lack of either ethics or 
sense on the pan of people who were put in office by 
the same election. Similarly, the writers of the petition 
werr angry that the council refused to take a stand on 
any of the other rrferrndum questions or the 
Apanheid issue, or to suppon the Coalition . The 
Council has since reversed its position on a few of 
these issues; I find this to be transparently political lip 
service given in panic, but so be it. There is still an 
issue left. 

Yes, as an environmentalist I am anxious to see 
CaIPIRG continue. Howevt:r, as a srudent who wishes 
to be heard, 1 and the many students who Signed the 
recall petition (I am the only CalPIRG member who has 
done so) are simply appaned that our vote means so 
litde, and that the council that should represent us to 
the administration is instead representing the 
administration to us. They seem to be following the 
lead of the fonner AS president, who felt it was his 
place , as a minority of one, to veto the old council's 
resolution in suppon of the referendum. In both cases, 
the supposedly representative minority takes it upon 
themselves to override the majoriry and follow either 
their own personal feelings or those which the 
administration hands them, 

The Council's aaitude struck us aD as a gross 
perversion of what student government is aU about. 
That is why the recall was filed . CaIPIRG was not 
involved, and the Council's impeachment will not help 
the organization to continue, 

1 hope I have been able to clarify any 
misunderstanding. 

Rachel Fmfdckr 

Tick, tick, tick, tick, ... 
Editor: 

One thing that really bugs me is time. As a variable 
it has not been considered in any of my classes except 
as a preliminaty. For a process to be revt:rsible requires 
infinite time, we srudy rates in calculus and the 
relationship between time and speed of light in 
physics. But is time a state or path function. 

In a way wt all take different paths through time 
and time is a variable which describes our panicular 
state. But the rate of passage of time is the same for aD 
of us because of the clock. Still, the panicular forces 
e"ened on a body (taking into consideration all the 
different kinds through the universe) will nevt:r be 
duplicated because of time and because entropy 
increases as wtll might the size of the universe and 
lots of other variables. 

Is time expanding? What are the propenies of time? 
Time must be considered in science classes; 1 feel time 
has been neglected. Do you know of any time classes? 
Is there a time research lab on campus? Thank you for 
satisfying my curiosity 

Ayn Pause 
Ediror's N~; We 'mow not of any clasSls that art finitt when 
discussing the infinite. 

The real racist 
Editor: 

We are writing in response to John DcmiJjian's leaer 
to you in the April 22 issue. Although we may not 
know the "real" facts behind this administrative 
dispute, we feel that Professor Hugh Mehan has been 
unfairly attacked. 

In rrviewing Denniljian's letter we wtre unable to 
ascenain, in concrete terms, how he was "belittled, 
degraded and set up." What eleactly docs Mr. 
DenniJjian want? If it is justice he wants, then we 
question his purpose in singling out Hugh Mehan. Due 
to Professor Mehan's position, he is unable to present 
a rebuttal. Hugh Mehan must maintain a code of 
student confidentiality. The facts of mis case would be 

Doonesbury 

&lNew York Style Pizza" O~ 

PIZZNof~ £I·14S HAIR DESIGN 
Free Delivery 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Square 

La Jolla, California 

587-0700 

r - - - -COUPON - - - --
, FREE 4-P.k : 
: WIth purcnase Lrv' 
, of any large pizza , 
,Coke L, ' 
, Diet Coke an., coupon , 

HOURS: Mon - Thurs, 5:00 pm . 10:00 pm , or T.ft per pizza , 
Fn- Sat - Sun 5.00 pm to MIdnight • - - - - - - - - - - - --, 

Coupon "pires 01 J018' 
We accept: Visa. Mastercard, American Express & checks, 

lI.torant. Mario, Italian Cuisine 
Receive a complimentary % liter 0/ house wine when you enjoy any of 

our fine seafood or Ita/ian dinner entrees, 

disclosed only to administrative and student agencies 
which are direcdy involved. 

Personal assaults, such as "You are a liar," only cause 
further speculation of DermiJjian's motives. Public 
defamation is not appropriate . We can appreciate his 
frustration in dealing with the administration , but we 
seriously doubt that DenniJjian's approach will render 
effective or desirable consequences. 

If racism (or reverse racism as DermiJjian alleges) is 
the case, we question how he had "thrown a natural 
innocent (sic) situation into a racial context by 
bringing up 'NIGGER' that smacked of the same hatred 
I (DermiJjian) felt from him (the black teacher)."' 
"Innocence" and .. cism are not related. Ignorance and 
racism are. What did DermiJjian perceive? Who is the 
racist? 

As SOCiology students who have benefited from 
Professor Mehan's knowledge and guidance, wt defend 
him. This educator is honest and sincere. His 
awareness of multi-culrural issues has added to his 
integrity and has brought respectibility to the SOCiology 
depanment and the Teacher Education Program he 
heads. 

Mingyew uung and Shoon Lio 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

CIIsuaI. 
Comfortabla 
Californian. 



IYew Intenu Appointed 
We would like to congratulate the 

four new interns who will be working 
for the Dan's OftIce In the 1963-86 
academic year. !'loon Programming 
Intern will be David Shin mel. 
hculty/Student Programmer will be 
Heather 8rldgeman. Commuter 
Advisory Board Intern will be MarIanne 
McVeigh and the fditor of Reudl.tlons 
will be Sai Veas. Best of luck to them In 
the coming year. 

MMlemlc Update 
The end? I'tl. not yet. but finals are 

Just around the corner. It's time to 
check your Spring 1985 Schedule of 

C~ for any conflicts In final ClIm 
scheduling. If you have three or more 
finals on the same day. please contact 
your instructor about alternative 
arrangements. If you need verification 
of these problems. come to the Revelle 
Provost's Ofnce for assistance. 

Don ·t leave incomplete! An 
incomplete grade. marked "I" on the 
transcript. will be assigned to all 
students whose work is not completed 
for good cause (l.e. Illness). This "I" 
grade may be replaced. upon 
consu!tatlon with your Instructor at an 
agreed date. by completing the 
required work. (If the "I" Is not 
replaced by the last day of finals week 
of the nut quarter. then It will lapse 
Into an "r" grade for that course. ) If 
you upcct to receive an "I" grade. you 
must get Instructor approval on the 
"Request to Receive Grade Incomplete 
rorm" prior to the IInal examination 
period. 

Test your skill and learning! Spring 
ahead of your language requirement by 
taking the proficiency exam June 8 at 
9:00 am In US8 2722. The oral 
interview will follow on Tuesday and 
Thursday of the IInals week. June 11 
and 13. Students wishing to try their 
luck. should sign up for 80TH portions 
of the exam in Pitt 2125 during the 
ninth and tenth weeks of this quarter. 
Students wishing to be tested In 
languages other than Spanish. rrench. 
Oerman. and Russian • .should contact 
f.d Wade in the Revelle Provost's Office 
for other arrangements. 

May 31. 1985. is the last day to drop 
classes this Spring without the penalty 
of the "W' grade. Mark that date I The 
"w" grade walts ror no onel 

-tileD caprio 

!'few PIlla To study 
Avoid crowded cramming In HU 

Start studying now for Spring nnaisl 
The Revelle Cafeteria will be open for 
quiet study on May 28 and 29 (Tues. and 
Wed. of 9th week ) and on June 3. 4. and 
5 (PIon. Tues, and Wed. of loth week) 
from 8-12 pm (eJtcept for Wed. June 5 
when the hours will be from 9:JO-12 
pm ). There Is good lighting and lots of 
room ! Sponsored by Revelle 
t;ducatlonal Programming. 

ConunuUr IYew, 
Do you have trouble IInding a 

parking space in the morning? Located 
near the UCSD eJttens/on buildings Is a 
new parking lot. It Is very large and 
even during the worse times of the 
morning. there are spaces available. 
Another new parking lot is Ioatcd by 
the Institute of the Americas. 80th of 
these lots require "s" permits and arc 
designed to handle overflow parking. 

At Revelle. In addition to the huge 
parking lot outside the Humanities 
Ulnry. there arc places to park on 
Torrey Pines and I'tlrth Torrey Pines 
Road. Take advantage of this parking 
area while It lasts. The city Is 
considering red-zoning North Torrey 
Pines Rd. In the near IUture. Also. there 
Is a considerable number of spaces 
along the first street off ofTorrcy Pines 
Rd. on the right. Remember. however. 
that this Is a residential arb and the 
residents must be able to.park In (ront 
of their houJes. 

Good luck in ftnding a spot. 

A Revelle College Publication· University of Co lIfomla , San Diego 

OVer JO() graduating seniors will partldpate In Revelle's graduation ceremony. which will 
be held at 2:00 pm on Sunday. June 16. on the south lawn behind the Humanities Ulnry 
Building. 

1bf! ceremony will continue traditions from past )'W's. with the only rn¥H' difference 
being two student speakers Instead of one. 1bf! ceremony will begin with a processional 
followed by an Introduction and remarks by Richard Atkinson. 11Iis will be followed by a 
commencement address given by John S. Galbnlth. put UCSD Chancellor. now profcs5or of 
History. Then Katherine Hall will present her commencement speech. followed by the 
presentatlon of special awards and the distribution of diplomas. The ceremony will conclude 
with a speech given by .Jamie Baudluon. Graduation Committee Chairman. 

This year's graduatlon will continue with the motif of "personal." comments Sarah Spear. 
<6aduation Committee member. The focus of the ceremony will be on the combined 
personality of the graduation class. This tone will be depicted through the words of the 
student speakers. 

Hall 's speech Is primarily about fielng the future without the fear of new things. She 
comments. "I'm really happy to have been chosen as commencement speakerl It's a step 
down from being watermelon queenl" Her future plans are "to avoid reality as long as 
possible." She adds. "I loved it here. but after four years I'm glad to get outl " 

Baudluon's speech takes a slightly different tone. explaining "why we came to college." 
He comments. "I've always wanted to be !J'aduation speaker. I've put a lot Into Revelle 
college and wanted a chance to say goodbye. I also wanted to address the question that many 
students have asked me: 'Why are we here?!' '' His fUture plans include a year's position as a 
legislative author. "After that. I'm really not sure." he admits. 

The Graduation Committee members include: Baudizzon. ChaIrman: Celia Heu: Michelle 
Miller: Sarah Spear: Steve Tran: and advisor Yolanda Garda. Baudluon rem.ks: "11Ie 
Graduation Committee has been really fantastic! Because ofthelr sensitivity and hard work. 
this graduation will be sorMthlng very special. " 

!'lay 24: Magician on the Plaza; sponsored by NP8: 12:00 noon. 
- UCSO Semi-formal. 9pm. Tickets on sale now. 
- Happy Birthday. Karen Peters. 

!'lay 27: Continental Commuter Breakfast: 7~9:OO am. 50~ In the Community Center. 
!'lay 3l: Luncheon with the Humanities professors for rreshmen only; invitations will be 
mailed out. 
Jl8le 5: Watermelon Queen Pagcan. 8 pm In the Revelle Cafeteria. 
JUDe 7: Watermelon Drop. 12:00 noon at Urcy Hall. featuring the music of "The Boys" 
JUDe l61 Commencement Ceremony of the Class of '85. Revelle: 2 pm on the South Lawn. 
- Graduation Party in the Pub. ~ drinks. hors d·oeuvres. music. Graduates free. guests $2. 
Tickets on sale now at the Box OffIce. 
JUDe 17: Honors Banquet. 

IfCC Comer 
In the news this week. an RCC subcommittee has been fonned to look Into the problem of 

vandalism and theft In on-arnpus parking lots. students report that there has been a marked 
Increase In the number of vehicle accidents. Inddents of vandalism. and vehide-related 
thcft.s In the last sevenl months. "In many cases. students wllllalYC their cars. mum a few 
hours later. and nnd that It has been hit. with no witnesses. no note. or anything elx to point 
out who mlFt have done it." subcommittee initiator 8mIt Ostcrstock related. PIrklng lot 
thdts. mostly of automobile accc.ssorics. Is also on the rise. and vandalism continues to be a 
slgntncant problem. RCC would like to remind you that if you have had something taken. or 
have had your car damaged. to report the incident to the police. whether or not you think 
there is a chance of recovery: they need this Informatlon for their Illes. 

The search for a permanent Revdle Provost Is in full swing now: acting Provost Tom Bond's 
term encb this year. Several appointees are being consIdcred.lncludlngDr. Bond. The Provost 
Search Committee will be meeting at the end ofthls year and over part of the euly summer to 
Ilna1ize the appointment. 

Recent controversies over the pius/minus grading systems and the Revelle foreign 
language protIoocy requirement have prompted the Revelle Curriculum Rcvtcw Committee 
to reYiew the!f! matters. 1M pIus/minus gncIlng system has COIIIf! under fire IS an 
unsatlnctory progress report system bccaWIC of the Inherent weighting toward the lower 
end of the grade scale. and bccaWIC dthe faculty·s Inconsistent adoption of the syIlan. Many 
lItudents feci that the controversy would not exist had some provision been JIIIdc for 
recognition of an A+ gndc. Abo. the question of foreign language "proIIclaK:y" vs. 
"completion of units" has been brought up. The Language department bellcyes that more 
stJ1ngent standanb should be adopted to determine student proftclency. Both of these 
conccms will be addres!fld In a survey to be releated soon. 

11IIs Is the last Issue of R.etIeIlMIons this yar. 10 here .e some parting thoughts: 
• Students who wish to become Infunned on AS expcnclitures should COIIJUlt the Minutes of 
the AS Council. located In the lobby of the AS ofIIce. in the Student <:alter. 
• RCC meetings are open meetings. so if you want to come. please do: we meet at 3:00 pm on 
Mondays In the Revelle College Provost's OIftcc. 
• tven though appointments to the various Revelle committees for nut year have already 
been made. there are stili lots "r ways to get Involved In college activities. If you arc 
Interested In getting Involved In Revelle. )'011 should talk to one of our Interns. or see 
someone It the Provost·s OIftce. 

Dan', Comer 
Ra:ently. a group of residence hall 

and offumpus students went to the 
Chid of Police to present Information 
on why more yellow spaces were 
nf!f!df!d In the parking lot bdlind the 
Mud Huts. 1bf! Chid was open and 
responsive to their concerns. WIthin 
ten days of their Ylslt, 25 undcr-u!fld 
red spaces were converted back to 
yellow spaces. 

During the Open House held on 
ampus May 5. Rnelle students put on 
an Cltraordinary RenalsIance hire. It 
was a very rewarding CYalt for cyeryonc 
involved. I tblnk the quality of the ralrc 
Is directly attributable to the 
organizing skills and cooperative effort 
of Revelle students. I think the above 
two cyents clearly cJcrnonstrate the 
power and skill po!IC5Sed by Rnelle 
stuclcnts. It Is my hope that many other 
stuclcnts will emulate the!f! students 
and continue to work together towards 
enriching their lives IIId the IIvcs of 
their peers on campus. 

n ..... r .... rll.D. 
AdDg 0eM1 IIftdle College 

It7ut Ua AIIeMI? 
On Sunday. June 16. over JOO 

stuclcnts will graduate tram Rnellc 
College. ror many of these students. 
this ceremony will mark the end of 
their scholastic yem's: for others. it will 
signify the bcglMing of CYaI mort 
Intensive studies. Here is a SIJIIple of 
what some of Rnelle's Class of '85 will 
be doing In their lives after college: 
Samuel ~izlan: Medical!chool at the 
University of ~ 
I\alJlcth AJpem: McdJcal school at the 
University of Teus. OIlveston 
Cynthia Anfinson: Graduate work at 
Cornell . 
Pilar Ailrrecoechea: MBA program at 
SDSV 
DIIvld Boggs: Medical school at the 
University of Oklahoma 
Steve 8radford: Graduate work at UCSO 
Jennifer Burgess: Graduate work at 
UCSD in Ungulstlcs 
Scott Chalmers: Graduate work at the 
University of Teus. Austin 
Youngcum Chung: uti A5sistant at 
U(3() 
James Cooper: uti Technician for 
World Health Organization in 
SwItzerland 
John DeGulde: Medical school at 
wyola strJtch 
David Dungan: Medical !Chool at the 
University of Teus 
Dominique rillOU1: Mechanical 

~nccr for S-Tron 
Harold Gelfman: Medical school at ua 
DIvkI Halgren: Grldaute work at 
QottJngen. West Germany 
Rona Hu: Medical school at ucsr 
Plb1ck HuoU: Research Assistant at 
UCSD Med. Center 
Ju Kim: Graduate work at the 
University of Chicago 
Lt.ah Kochman: Luke Air rorce Basc. 
ArJzona 
MIry Muwell : Law school at USD 
GIlvin McClure: Graduate work at 
Cornell 
Crystal Murphy: Lab Technician at the 
Salk Institute 
Carl Owadl: Graduate work at UCSD 
Jamcs Rlgopoulous: 8roker with 
GIobII IDSUrlJlce Agency 
Cynthia Rozanski: Te«her fducatlon 
Program at SDSlJ 
trIc Ruston: Technical Manager for 
Caldwell Commercial. Inc. 
Beth Silverman: Medical school 
Ch.1es StaIford: Graduate work at 
Princeton In Pbysics 
"Icoletta Stefanldis: Southern 
Callfumla College of Optometry 
Ingrid Stuiver: Graduate work at the 
University of ArJJOna 
David 'bylor: Graduate work at OC8 
Jdt'rcy Tom: Graduate work at USC 
Joseph Varga : GU Government 
Systems. HJ'S 
John Warren: Aerospace uti r.ngtncer 
Alana Wong: Uw School at 80aIt 

We congratulate these and all 
graduates of Revelle and of UCSD. and 
wI.sh cyery one of them the best In their 
future endeavors. 

The bach of the Registrar's Office. site of the new University Center. 

Student Center budget approved 
The UC Regents Friday approved the $18.6 miDion budget proposal for the 

new UCSD University Center. giving the Administration the go-ahead to start 
work on the project. 

The Regents also approved the Student Center Board's selection committee 
recommendation for the project architect. The architect should have a model of 
the facility prepared by October. 

According to Dr. Tom Tucker, assistant vice chancellor of undergraduate 
affairs, the $18.6 miUion budget includes $1 million from the Chancellor's 
discretionary funds , $1 million in registration fee reserves, $2 million in funds 
to be generated by 25th anniversary celebration fundraisers . $9.1 million from 
fee increases effective at ground breaking, and $5.5 million from the University 
Bookstore. 

Groundbreaking is expected next spring. 
The University Center was approved by students last year who voted for a 

$25-per-quaner fee increase , but was not approved by the Regents until the two-
day meeting in Berkeley. The new center will be nearly five times the size of the 
existing center, which was built in 1973 and expanded to 22.000 square feet in 
1976. 

Although the center has not expanded in nine years, the campus population 
is expected to have grown 60% between 1976 and the time the center opens in 
1988. 

The new building, which will occupy the site where the Administration 
Complex now stands. will also double the size of the bookstore. ~ 

- Scan Wagstaff 

JOBS 
IN SOCIAL ' CHANGE 

• Toxic Waste • Travel and Benefits 
• Women's Rights • Summer/Career Options 
• Central American Policy • $10,000·$13,000 per year 

Call Between lOam and 1 pm 

585-8130 
CAMPAIGN FOR ECONOMIC 

DEMOCRACY 
In Los Angeles: (213) 393-3705 

In San Francisco: (415) 863-5050 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

~ ~ ~ u('l)OIItJ1dJm I ] r'fl- J {Iou. 
u<.>O I,!; ~L.-:-­~ M\ra~fRd 
\J Vli-r ' ; 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

I l..II __ !!!!!!-!!!!--------------------....... .JI 
,. ~t --ALL AMERICAN -MEAL ----r~ ~ Quarter Pounder " with Cheest!. Larlt: Fry, III..!..=.. 

II - Medium·Size Soh Drink C. .. h v ..... 110 :7:, II 
II Lll11lt onc (<l up ,) n pcr J $1 99 11 II <:ustllmcr. p.:r ViSit . I'Ic.,sc US t • II 
II prese nt <:llupo n when (plus tall.) II orderi ng 0 1 1'.,lId With Jny I II llIhcr oller Only at: I 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. tt¥9: Good 'hru Son Di, ... 

. l.unc E~985 
------,-, .. 

You would be if you worked for the Guardian! 
Contact Phil or Phil at 452-6580 and ask about 'internships 
for next year. 

Get a life! 
Work for the Guardian 

Warren Resident Halls Proudly Present 

Dr. Michael Dean 
World's Foremost Hypnotist 

Thursday, May 23, 1985 7-10 pm 
USB 2722 

Tickets - $2 in advance 
$3.50 at the door 

For advance tickets contact Joey Tse at the Warren Provost's Office or Gil 
Griffin at the Warren Resident Dean's Office, or contact any Warren College 
RA. 
-All proceed. to go to the Ethi~piaD Relief Fuad-

RESUME SERVICES 

A sharp, professional resume says a lot about you. 
Come to Klnko's for crisp, clean copies of your 
resume on specialty papers with matching envelopes-
It's tast. Affordable. And very Impressive. 

kinko·s8 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs ; 



I .... 

Emerging Writers~ Series 

Journey into the white man's zone 
This story was submitted to. the . 

Guardian by a fourth-grade writer as a 
part o.f o.ur Emergmg Writtrs' Ser1cs. 
By TINA SPRINGSTEEN 

O NCE UPON A TIME there was a man named Ho.zo. He was l1Iised in a pack o.f Indians. The 
tribe's name was Pimas. 

His o.lder sister had grown up ' to be 
an Indian princess. She was very Io.vely. 
She wore a blue headband and a leather 
dress. She had long black hair and red 
lips. 

Hozo was a man o.f courage. He rode 
a white horse . He called it Thunder, 
because 11 was very fast. Hozo loved 
animals. 

One day HolO was riding o.n a path 
when he saw a dead lamb. He Jumped 
off his horse and looked very clo el at 
it. He saw a bullet mark. Then he saw 
the brand on the sheep was his tribe's 
bl1lnd. He tied the sheep to hiS saddle 
and rode back to his tribe. 

He decided to take a different way 
back. When he had go.ne about halfway 
he saw a dead cow. It looked Just like 
the bullet on the sheep. He rode as fast 
as he could go. When he got to hiS tribe 
he saw the tents burned down. All that 
was left was dead Indians on the 
ground. He deCided to look for the ones 
who had done this awful thing. Then he 
saw an old man move his arm. Hozo 
walked o.ver to the man and lifted up 
his head. The man said , "They took 
your ister and the chief." Then he shut 
his eyes and said , "The white man." 
And he died. 

Hozo gOt up and held hiS fist up IUgh 
and said, ·Oh God , give me the strength 
to ride over hills and waters, so I may 
save the Indians from white men. I do 
nOt like to start a war but to make peace 
among US." Then he gOt back on his 
horse and rode away. 

He rode for two days and slept at 
night under rocks. Sometimes he founa 
a dip of cool water. One day he looked 
off a cliff and down below was a village. 
He knew as soon as one person saw 
him they would shoot. So he took the 
long way down, but it was harder 
because there were Unle rocks that 
might fall and he weuld slip and kiD 
himself. He was coming around an edge 
when he heard a voice singing, "Fa Ia Ia 
fa la la fa la la la fa Ia Ia." It was a 
woman gemng water from a well. She 
was so beautiful [0 him. He couldn't 
resist walking Dver [0 her She thought 
he was a man named Big GeDrge who. 
she was in IDve \\11th. Then Hoze started 
singing with her. When they stopped 
smging, she rurned around to say he 
was a gDod singer when she saw HDZO 
She ran as fast as she cDuld go HDze 
knew why she ran because he was an 
Indian. 

He saw that she had forgotten her 
bucket Df water So he deCided to face 
the facts He could go. take the water to 
her and probably get killed by the white 
men, or JUSt ride away. So. he decided 
he would go. and try to see her lovely 
face again. 

He climbed up h is hDrse and rode 
down the hill to the village HI! knew he 
was taking a risk but he also felt the 
ceurage inside of him. He rode' faster 
and faster. He rode so fast he left dust 
behind him. 

When he rode mto the village the 
people stared. Then the woman stepped 
DUt with a gun "V ried [0 make me 
love you. Yr ,e YDU ee J 
am Mexic~' rl At when 
we are en~ JP her left 
leg .md ,he. ..lund it HDZO 

held his head down low. He was 
ashamed of himself. 

Then the people came running after 
him with sWDrds and guns. HDZO saw a 
rDpe hanging above him. He climbed 
the rope, then he jumped Dn a roof. 
Then he walked over to the Dther sidt .I 
and took a big leap and he ended 
hanging in the middle of to 
bl1lnch. The men pulle 
made him a slave. Aft 
a slave, there was a 
fDur months. Some didn't IJI!t any 
sleep at all . The war betwe~n 
Indians and white.-tl1f:l'\ . then tl\e 
Indians won and the s w e set 
free . The whit men still lived me~ 
because e mdtans were so nice they 
didn 't n~ r)lem OUI. MDre and mDre 
whi men ~e. 

One day Hozo, who was 29 years old, 
I¥'ard a voice singing a song. "Fa la Ia Ia 
fa Ie Ia la fa It Ia Ia la ." 

J1itn he saw a woman at the well. l;Ie 
knew who she was and she rurned 
aroond and said, "Why do. YDU come 
ai'lin?" HOZD looked at her and said, 
"Because I love you." She stood there 
.mazed at him. Her eyes brigfi'tened up 
and she looked shockefl. They srood 
there for three minutes. TPen she said, 
"Why didn't YDU teU me?" Hoze said , ~I 
fDund out you were engaged and L 
didn't want to. cause any trouble." The 
woman sat dDwn on a rock and said, 
"My name is Suban but you can caU me 
anything you want I den't knDw hDW 
YDU cDuld like me when I made you a 
slave." HOZD said, "I guess I'll always love 
YDU." Then Hozo Jumped back on his 
horse and rode away. 

He remembered his sister and kept 
Dn searching. When he came to the 
desert he fDund a dip ef water. But 
when he was about to cool off his face, 
Dn the other side he saw a jar. He 
picked it up and on it was a label and i 
said, "Poison." Then he smelled the 
water and it smelled like poison water. 
He thought. "~ is t~ot to 
~ . t mig tee ...no 
too mx ~ister." He climbed back on 

H~ add. rode on. 
.He 'W h()fS¢ foorpri.nts in the sand. 

n.e SUn was so. 'hot tballiozo started to. 
sw~t aU over. It was 115 de~e$ 
outside . HazD knew if he didn't ~et 
water fast th~t he would die of tHirst. 
His hDrse staned to slow dDwn and 
Hozo could hardly stay on Thundcc. 
After two. hoyt'S Df riding, HDZO began to 
slip off Thunder, and aU Df a sudden he 
fell into a puddle of quicksand . His 
hDrse stood there. "Help me, Thunder," 
HOZD cried out IDud .• Please , Thunder." 
Thunder understDod and' put his head 
Dut a little above How. Hozo reached 
for the reins and puUed himself up with 
a little help Df Thunder Then he saw a 
big rock and he saw on the rock was a 
fDssii . He toDk the fossil off Df the rDck 
and he got DUI a knife that was m hIS 
pocket and statted to carve the fDssil. It 
was really sharp. Then he tied if on hIS 
moccasin and he climbed Dn hiS hDrse 
and out of his pocket hiS knife slipped 
into. the qUlcksand . He W<\$ kind Df sad 
because he lost a good kmfe, but he felt 
his cDurage Inside of him and rDde Dn. 

When he had gDne a half mile, he fell 
a cool breeze commg toward hIm. He 
rode toward it and he saw a waterfall . 
He went over to the spring and cDoled 
himself off. It felt so good he theught he 
might be dreammg. Bur he saw 
sDmething move behind a rock across 
the spring. Then he saw two. rifle~ 
pointing at him. He stood up and out of 
the rocks came two white men. 

HDze said , ' Who. ;.Ire yeu and wh:1t 

do 10U want?" The men said, "You see 
·flSe bushes ever there . On the other 

side Df those bushes is a bridge. I want 
you to crDSS that bridge or I wiD shoot 
YDU: HDZO had no choice, so he found 
the bridge and crossed it 

Then the men thre HOZD Dn the 
ground in a puddle of uddy water. 
HDZO looked up at the Then Dne of 
the men fired a gun an ltrdt all of a 
sudden 25 whitl; men w~ng ugly 
beards came riding up 0 . horses. 
The leader of this gang sa "e did 
Dur wDrk so where is our y? The 
man who. had fired the sa~ , "10 

there are torl!"()f whit 

'1V'~'1'''''1Il by, HOZD and his 
Then in the morning 

birds singing and they 
butterflies flittering around . 
heard a vDice, "Help me. 

Help Then they saw a woman. It 
was uban , the woman Hozo loved. 
Thl:p a man took Suban and tied her up 
.ne.xlaD Hozo. Then the man left . 

~~ remembered the fossil he had ,a~ \.k wId his sister and Suban a 
plan. 'rtlen OZD bent his legs so that 
hit ~occ 5in ~ near his hand. Then 
.he J1uUed off the fDssii from his 
moccasin and started carving Dn the 
repe Then the rDpe was cut and he was 
loose. He untied his sister and Suban. 
Then they headed fDr the entrance. But 
right when they gOt there they heard 
someDne coming. So. Suban and HolO's 
sister went back Dn the ground like they 
were stiD tied. When the man came in, 
Hozo hit him with a stick and knocked 
him DUt. Then the gi rls and Hozo ran 
out of the cave. They got on some 
horses and rode Qff Into the woods. 

It was a bvely day. It was wmdy and 
coo.l and the air was Iresh. Then they 
heard a grDwling nOIse. It s~nded like 
a bear. They hid behind a r~ and out 
Df the bushes came the largest bear in 
the wDrld . It was eight feet tall. It was a 
Kodiak bear. HOZD was shal<lng aD over. 
But then he felt the courage in hlm.3trc1 
grabbed a gun that he had taken from 
the man that he knocked DUt. Then be 
took the gun and shot the bear three 
times. Then it died. They they got Dn 
their horses and rode Dn. 

When night came, Suban picked 
some berries frDm the tree and Hozo's 
sister made d soup eut of water and 
little corn kernels thar she had in her 
pocket. It was gDod dinner for HDZO 
Jnd hiS sIster but it wasn't thai good fer 

Suban because she was rich and not 
used to. food like this . They fell asleep 
under a tree. It was scary because there 
was a wolf howling and it was dark. But 
there was something special about that 
night. There was a full moon in the sky. 
It made you feel good inside. 

In the morning about 6:30 they woke 
up and made some breakfast. It was 
fish . Hozo had caught some fish earlier 
that mDrning. It was delicious. Then 
they got back on their hDrses and rode 
on. 

La in the afternoon they heard 
som rums playing a beat. Hozo said, 
"That is a tribe of Indians." HOZD rode 
very fast. When he came to the tribe he 
saw Indians dancing in a circle. He 
spoke to the chief about taking a 
bravery test to join the tribe. The chief 
said he cDuld take the test tomorrDW 
morning. Hozo agreed and told the girls. 
They slept in a tent next to the chiers 
tem. In the morning the test was ready 
for Hozo. Hoz e Dut Df his tent 
ready. He saw lI'Iihy squaws and . 
Indians. He +d, "What do I do first?" 
fhe chie~~, "First you have to walk 
ave hQi ,sroals. Then YDU have to. have a 
!';?Qie6'n.dan contest with one of our 

-t5raves." Then the chief lit the coals. 
Hozo was ready for test 
He walked across the hot 

\t"tl,urrled his feet, but he didn't 
~""~,i He felt the cDurage inside of 

and went aD the way through the 
A~als. When he had done test one, the 

congrarulated him' for deing so 
weU. The chief said , "You passed the 
first test and now you have to do. test 
tWo. We hepe you end up alive and not 
dead." HDZO was given one poisonous 
dart. Then an Indian said, "When I 
throw this knife into that tree YDU start." 
Hozo was ready and so was the brave. 
The Indian threw the knife into. the tree 
and Hozo came running forward . He 
aimed tDwardS the bl1lve. Then the 
brave took his dart and threw it towards 
Hozo, but Hozo ducked down and the 
brave missed. Then it was Hozo's rum 
and he aimed at the bl1lve and threw, 
but the dart went up a little higher than 
the bl1lve's head and the brave jumped 
up in the air and the dart went into. his 
heart. Hozo had passed the test and 
was nDW in the tribe. The chief said, 
"You were a brave man to have a dart 
contest with our best brdve." Hozo was 
tired so he went to. sleep in a tem. 
About an hDur later he woke up. He 
smelled something good. Hozo asked 
his sis ter, "Why is everyone so excited?" 
"Well, we Just got rid Df all the white 
men." HDZO was so happy he started 
danCing, too. Three hDurs later everyDne 
went to sleep. In the morning Hozo 
wDke up. He walked Dut of his tent and 
saw everyone crying. Then he saw in 
the middle of the circle there was a 
stone. There were some letters arved 
on 1[ . It said, "Chief of Tribe: ' Hozo 
then knew what happe ned . The chief 
had died. 

Then a person said, "How aboul 
Hozo being our new chief?·· EveryDne 
stood up and cheered. Hozo was nDW 
their new chief. Then a squaw put a 
headdress Dn HOZD. EveryDne said , 
"Chief Hoze." HDZD felt so good he 
Jtaned to dance to a drum. 

In the morning Hoze made a speech. 
He said, "I am YDur new chief. I would 
like 10 have a wir. I asked Suban last 
naght if she would marry me and she 
sali $he would . SO ft I'm )'Cur Chief, she 
will be my WIfe ." 

Everyone cheered three times, and 
Suban and chief HDZD lived for a long 
time. (i:) 

thQ writQr'g 0 

Make a note of this, will yOU? 
By PHIL LAUDER 

L IFE SEEMS TO BE a gigantic memDry game. At least it i after the age of seven Dr eight; after that 
you have to. remember to. bring your 
lunch or YDur lunch money to SChDoI 
and remember to bring YDur jacket 
home in the afternoon and remember 
not to. pick yeur nose in public 'cause 
people will laugh at yDU. 

By the time we get 10 cDllege, Dur list 
of things to. remember has grown in size 
and-so we think- importance. Due 
dates. lunch dates , final exam dates, hot 
dates , picking up a package of dates at 
Ralphs-aU of this stuff has to be 
remembered, and we have to. CDme up 
with some kind Df system 10 remember 
it all. 

For most of us, this system involves 
writing notes 10 ourselves. Personal 
Drganizatien is a wonderful thing .• But 
some people get downright happy with 
the idea . Disgustingly happy. They keep 
neat little personal calendars with every 
class meeting from here 10 the end of 
the quaner marked dDwn, wirh every 
exam date from here to. eternity marked 
dewn, with indications to themselves on 
when to do the laundry and when to. 
meet Professor Goodall at Dffice hDUrs 

and when to pick up grades and when 
10 buy the the Schedule Df Classes and 
when 10 tum the damn preferred 
enrDllment sheet in and Dn and on and 
on. Pretty disgusting. 

I suppose these people are better than 
the oppOSite, thDugh . YDU know who. 
YDU are . Certai nly we know who you 
are. Arrange to. have lunch with these 
people on Tuesday at 3 and rhere ain't a 
chance in hell they're going to 
remember until Wednesday at 11 at 
night, just before they go. to. sleep: 
"Wasn't I supposed to meet Phil 
sometime this week?" Yes, Bozo. YDU 
were. 

These are the peDple who. blow off 
deadlines and due dares right and left. 
Consequently. they have develDped a 
repertoire Df excuses, ranging frDm the 
standard "I was sick to my stDmach all 
day- diarrhea, nausea , dizziness. the 
whole ShDW" 10 the more creative 
dramas invDlving cleaning up the 
sewage that backed-up DntD the Iiviryg 
room flDor er searching desperately all 
day long for the per king cDbra that 
escaped the aquarium and scared the 
pants off 16 neighborhDod children. 

Most of us lie sDmewhere in the 

Ice Cream 
Making · . 
Worksliop 

I ' 

Whallaltel beller OD Ihole 10"« bol lummer dlY. than 
a ooJd, refnlhina ice crea ... cone. Diocoyer Ihe art 
(aDd delicioulneu) of makin, homemade ice cream 

lreata. Sat. June 1 
lOam-2pm .$7 

SIgn up and details at x4O.:l7 
ConyomAaw AdmInJstratlve OItices 
[)epartment c:I PhvsIcaI Education 

TO ALL 
UCSD STUDENTS 

. BECOME 
A 

TEACHER 
The Teacher Education Program invites 
all students to a meeting Wednesday, 

May 29 at 3:00 p.m., room 100 Social 
Sciences Building, Third College, to learn 

how you can become an elementary 
school teacher. If you are unable to 
attend, feel free to call 452 ... 2957 for 

more information. 

middle Df super-em ient and super-
lame. We end up writing little nDtes to. 
ourselves on some piece of scratch 
paper and hDpe we dDn 't lose them: 
"Thursday: caU Carole, read chap. 6 in 
StankDwsky & JDhnsDn. caU Pierson re : 
midterm grade , meet Terry @ 2:30 in 
Caf, do. laundry, write column, get TP at 
Ralphs (NOW! )." I usually make a point 
Df scrawling my notes as illegibly as 
possible, partly because I do!)'t want 
Dthers to look at the nOte and know 
what the heU I'm talking about, partly 
because [ like the scrawled look, pilrtly 
because I'm too lazy to write neady. I 
scribble the note out and shDve it into 
my back pocket and hope I take it Out 
when I change my c1Dthes at mght. 

Speaking of which, it is a dl1lg to 
either lose or simply not see a note that 
you were proud to. have taken the time 
to. written . There's probably a whole 
science involved in remembering to look 
at nDtes once they are written, because 
they dDn't do. a lot Df good Dtherwise . A 
friend Df mine staples the ends Df her 
nDtes tDgether around the straps of her 
purse so. that there·s almost no. way 
they'll nDt be seen. I tried that methDd 
fDr ~ while , hut people thought I looked 

silly with a bunch Df pieces of paper 
attached to my purse, so. I gave it up. 

Every Dnce in a while ru go Dn a real 
organizatiDn kick and try to plan Dut my 
whDle ~eek. If YDU ever take one of 
those 'Time Management" workshops 
OASIS advenises Dn the back of the 
class schedule, this is whal (ou'll be 
told : "Plan OUt every heur 0. your week. 
I1gure out when YDU need to study, 
when you need to cook dinner, when 
you need to go. to the bathroom and 
brush your teeth, when you need to. feed 
the goldfish, and when you need to 
sleep." Every once in a while I try this. I 
feel very proud of myself once I've CDme 
up with a schedule ... and very lame 
once I've tried keeping to it for three 
hours or so. The thing is, see, I dDn't 
knDw how long it takes me to go to the 
bathroom; sometimes it's 30 secends, 
sometimes it's 20 minutes, and I dDn't 
particularly want to. plan it out, dig? So 
there. That's enDugh Df an excuse for 
me to nDt kel!p to the stupid thing. End 
of schedule, at least fDr a few mDntj1s, 
when I next go Dn my DrganizatiDn 
kick. 

I JUSt tDok care of Dne Df the things 
on my Ii l. Good luck on yours. ~ 

r---------------------------------~ • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

30% OFF 
All Ray Ban 
Sunglasses 

by Bausch Be Lomb 
----------------------------------

---------Good with this coupon thru 5-29-85---------. 
30% off suggested retail on our entire stock I 
of Ray Ban Sunglasses by Bausch & lomb, : 

I Choose from men's & women's styles from San Diego's I 
finest selection of Wayfarers, expressions, metal, etc., etc.... : 

We guarantee the lowest sunglau prices on 
all major sunglau brand. of any retail Itore. 

~~,~,)fid(it~ If 1i 
Open 7 days & nights 

Old Town 2461 San DIego Ave. (nact to Old Town Meoclcan Cate) 6f2.OO69 
EncInIlaa 745 FlBt St. (lumberyard Shopping Center) 9a.0337 
La Jolla 1030 TOfTEI'( Pines Rd. (nact to yogurt Affair) at ID06 

• 

Chula Villa 1140 Broadway (Price Bozaa) GNOI1 
I San Ylidro 727 E. San yskto Blvd. (McDonald's Trolly Station) 421 a90 • 
I Clalremont 4675 Clalremont Dr. (Clalremont Squae Shopping Center) 27M101 • 
I La MeIa 5500 Grossmont Center Dr. (Grossmont Shopping Center) 697..,7 • 
I lIc:ondldo 1321-H East Vallev Pkwy. (Escondido Village Mall) 70..762 • 
I 0ceanIIde 2649 VIsta Way #1 (8 Comlno North) 722-1099 • 

~-------------------------________ J 



" 

USA vs. Cuba 

It will be war 
By ALICIA AGOS, Sports Editor 

O LYMPIC GOLD MEDALISTS are Just being drawn 10 UCSD lately. On Saturday, Greg Louganis and 
company w!ll grace the air and waters of 
Canyonvlew in a diving exh ibition. 
Then on Sunday and again on Tuesday, 
the main gym will be packed to the 
rafters with excitement as the USA 
Men's National Team wiD face off 
against the ever-aggressive Cuban 
National Team. 

The two-match series will be an 
intense one, primarily because the twO 
teams, as far as athletics and politics go, 
have never been, shall we say, friendly. 
Doug Dannevik, the UCSD women's 
volleyball head coach and the on-
campus coordinator of the series, noted, 
"Historically, the Cubans have knocked 
USA out from the Olympics, but with 
the last Olympics, the Cubans didn't go 
because of the Soviet-led boycott. This 
also is the first international match for 
the Americans since they won the gold 
medal, and it's the first international 
match for Marv Dunphy, the new head 
coach." 

Even though the two matches are not 
scheduled to begin until 7:30 pm, the 
doors of the Triton Dome will swing 
open at 6:30 pm. If you're going and 

balls off the ceiling. The Cubans range 
from 6')" to 67". Customarily, they're 
the sIZe of an NBA basketball team, 
They play above the net like the Lakers 
play above the rim. The Cubans' style of 
play is built around total power." 

D.on't think, though, that the 
Americans will be pushovers. Karch 
Kiraly, Dave Saunders, Craig Buck. Steve 
Salmons, Mike Simmons, Aldis Berzins 
and Pat Powers are the rerumees from 
the gold medal team. Team USA·is led 
by Captain Karch Kiraly. Kiraly was 
named All-World at the Olympics and 
recendy won the Olympian ponion of 
NBC's Superstar Competiton and 
finished second to Mark Gastineau of 
the New York Jets in overall 
competition. 

The Americans' new coach, Dunphy. 
'is not without credentials, This series 
will mark the debut of Dunphy's 1985-
88·coaching stint for the USA men's 
team, Dunphy will join the team after 
taking Pepperdine University to the 
1985 NCAA VoIleybaD Championships. 

Steve Salmons powers away agamst the Brazilians m the Olympic gold medal match. 

you want to see something extraordinary 
in terms of sheer power, hit the gym at 
6:30 and watch the Cubans warm up. 
Dannevik said enthUSiastically, "It's 
exciting and amazing to watch (the 
Cubans') warm-up. They'll be hitting 

Tickets bought off campus are 510 
courtside and 56 in the bleachers. 
Tickets bought on campus, however, will 
cost you 51 less, Dannevik, from whom 
the tickets can be purchased, has his 
office in the main gym (by t.he P.E. 
OlTice), and can be reached at 452-
2586. Tickets will be available at the 
door but this practice is discouraged bI.. 
Dannevik. KAJ 

By ROB HASWELL 

T HE OTHER DAY I noticed something strange. It seems that over the course of this year, 
someone has been playing an ingenious, 
well-planned, extremely sadistic 
practical joke on me. I came 10 the 
realization one day, while dressing for 
school, that somehow, someway, 
someone had taken all my pants and 
cleverly substituted exact duplicates 
(right down to the familiar markings of 
everyday wear) which were a size or a 
size and half tOO small, My emire stock 
of Levis, cords and slacks, which had 
always fit snug. yet never tight , had 
disappeared , Instead , I was stuck with 
the tmposter pams which always 
seemed on the verge of explosion. At 
any given moment, I expected a button 
to fly off my "alleged LeVIS" and nail 
someone standing at close range. I'm 
talking tight here, . 

Not being extremely pleased with the 
situation, I asked my friends to fess up 
to the caper. Even though I used a 
thorough , secret agent-ish interogation 
method, I could get no confession. 
What's more , my friends looked at me 
like I was nuts when I told them about 
the practical joke! My best friend even 
had the audaCity to suggest that maybe 
there hadn't been a joke played on me 
at all , M"ybe, he suggested , I was Just 
out of shape. I scornfully laughed at this 
suggestion. "Me?" I laughed , "Out of 
shape?!" No way. "Why, I was a three-
sport man in high school. In fact , I'm 
playing two 1M spons right now; and I'm' 
golfing once a week." This last thought 
confoned me. But, the seed of doubt 
had already been planted. 

In the foUowmg wel'ks, I attended my 

everyday schedule dutifully, At first 1 was 
able to ignore the occasional signs of 
the sprouting growth . But the seedling 
grew. "Fat," the ugliest three-letter word 
in the English lan);uage, had infested 
my thoughts. It had become a vine that 
strangled my very being. My perceptions 
of the world began' to change. My 
favorite pitcher in the major leagues was 
suddenly Rick Sutcliff (for reasons O[her 

rock bottom, No one watches PKA full 
contact karate. I knew only one thing 
remained before my demise as an 
active , functioning member of society 
was complete. Then ... it happened. 
One Sunday, with nothing to do and a 
lot of time to do it, I sat down in front 
of my 1V and watched the Denver Gold 
play the Ponland Breakers from the 
opening kickoff to the final whistle, I 

Fighting the 
battle of the 

BULGE 
than his ERA). Fat little field goal 
kickers , forever waddling on and off the 
football field , always aVOiding contact , 
suddenly appealed to me , Things gOt 
worse. My weekends were suddenly 
fiUed with six packs, order-out pizza 
and the Pro Bowlers Tour. One night I 
even swallowed an entire segment of 
ESPN's PKA full contact karate; and 
thac's when I knew I was approaching 

watched every ugly quarter of a USFL 
game' Welcome to rock bottom, 

With nowhere else to tum to (except 
spiritual counseling), I decided to get in 
shape. There are numerous ways to get 
m shape and I knew one thing- they all 
hurt. I decided that I would use a 
combination strategy, employing three 
different methods In moderation. I was 
hoping to achieve "a good over-aU 

fitness." I decided to 1) watch what I eat 
(I'd never eaten slowly enough to watch 
before), 2) lift weights. and )) run. Uh, 
jog. My reasoning behind this plan was 
good: If I do a little of aD three, thereby 
avoiding the dreaded disease called 
dedication, I could get in shape 
gradually-without kiDing myself. It was 
a nice plan. Custer had a nice plan, too. 
So did Don Shula in last year's Super 
Bowl. 

I obviously didn't know what I was 
getting into. My diet was the first to go. 
Late night trips to Alberto's , the 79¢ Bi); 
Mac at the Miramar McDonald's, and 
eggs in the morning were hard to let go 
of. A celery stalk was a meager substiTUte 
for a came asada burrito at 2 am on a 
Saturday night. I modified my "diet." 
"Eat good things," I reasoned "and you can 
eat just as often." I ordered a chicken 
sandWlch on my next trip 10 Burger King. 
Finally, I put myself on a strict seafood 
diet. When I saw food, I ate it. 

Weightlifting fared slighdy bener, I 
like lifting weights. You sweat some, you 
breathe hard, and you get "pumped up." 
I feel good after I lift. One also develops 
a cenain camaraderie with' the people 
who lift during the same regular times. 
NO[ a fullblown friendship, mind you, 
just a mutual recognition that each of 
you, however different your lives are, 
share this means to a mutual end. So I 
stuck with weightliftlng; lifting harder 
than some, nOl as hard as others. The 
problem with weightlifting was that even 
though my chest got bigger, and my 
arms got stronger, my pants still didn't 
fit. Even after a couple of months of 
hfting, Mr. Budweiser could stiD be 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 11 > 

The battle 
of the bulge 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 10< 
found suspiciously peeking through my 
shin just above my beldine. I concluded 
that weights alone were not the answer. 

I decided to stan jogging. Jogging. It 
seemed harmless enough. If I run a 

couple of miles, a couple times a week, I 
could shed those unwanted pounds 
which plagued my physique. I could 
once again join the "Pepsi Generation ," I 
figured the small discomfons that 
accompanied a brisk jog would be 

justified by my eventual large gains. 
Psych lO3's theory of self-control would 
be put to the test. The small discomfons 
presented no problems. It was the large 
ones that kiUed me. Aches, pains, 
coughing, wheezing, shin srlints and 
dizziness were just a few 0 the niceties 
I p.ncountered in my bout with running. 
Sure, it felt good when it was over, but it 
was sheer hell during the run, 111 tell ya, 
this pain/pleasure relationship took 
some getting used to. 

Even today, as I sit at my typewriter, 
the war wages on. My mirror still betrays 
me in the morning after a shower, 
effectively drumming up my lost 
enthusiasm, beckoning me to fight on. 
After every run, I still go straight to the 
mirror begging for the immediate results 

Thursday, May 23, 1985 1 I 

that never come. After all thiS, I have 
concluded that getting in shape takes a 
certain commitment. But it is a 
commitment well worth making. The old 
adage "You need a sound body to have 
a sound mind" is nakedly obvious 
during finals (no pun intended). Long 
study hours and mega-cups of coffee 
tear at a person's body and spirit. 

Ever wonder why so many people 
catch colds during finals? Your body 
knows why. So, if you fmd yourself 
some weekend, glued to the 1V, 
engrossed in a scoreless tie of a 
meaningless game in a third rate league, 
or if somebody simply decides to steal 
your pants, leaving you with some 
midget's pants, don't be afraid to 
wheeze a Iiule bit. It ain't that bad. ~ 

Third and Final Phase 
THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA Quit Wasting Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 

L(I ./olla S('(I /)« ' ( ' Z(,S unci ElIrop('un 1il'iIlP 
('(lress ~Jou (I///)e PitH'S of Ul.lo//u. Pools, ."01 XIS, 
S(lIlIl(lS (U)( I H/c(JII('/1 )(11/ cOlirl ('Ilter/oill ~JOlI. 
EIlCh(lll/ill!l Ir(/Ji(lll !/OrcIc'IlS . SClI/pH"('.<; , 
!,olllll(lins (In(/ ('OllrtUOU/S fe/OX !IOU . EII(O/lI'(111 
col lillClI'li (ll1d mlll'( (/('('()((IIOf /(,(//lIfe.<; wI'lCOIll(, 
UOll/0!J0Uf OI1('ortlt '() l>edf(Xlln home. \'ISI t ollr 
Soles Cel1t(,f /o(/(/!). 

Don't Miss a Day at the Beach 
for the •.. 

Giant Dipper 
Chili Cook-Off 

SUndIIy, M.., 26th 10 ... to 4 pm 
Mlalon a .. ch Roller co.ter Site 

this YNr - Open to the Publici 

• 100 gallons chill for the tasting, Budweiser ~ 
and soft drinks 

• C~mora~ t-shirts on sale - proceeds 
help save this historical landmark 

• Celebrity judges 
• Bluegrass band & ~ntertainment 

. • Admission $2 

VA, FHA. 
Conventional 

Financing Available 

Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 
Day or Night 

LeARNiNG 
CENTeR 

lile 

Whoops. Wrona Sport: (clockwise from top kft) Deon Stein, Tim PickwtU, Kartn 
Costello, Tmk Joy, 

WHOOPS, WRONG SPORT 
TEAM BADMINTON 

If this is their wrong sport, I'd hate to see their right spon. 
This powerhouse badminton team has blown through their 
league with litde competition. Led by multi-talented Deon 
"The Bird" Stein, they defeated the Nameless Wonders in a 
semi-close match 5-3. But it was really never in doubt 

Congrats on being Miller Team of the Week, and good luck 
~o all of you who have to play these guys and gals in their right 
sports. 

• 



• 

_ ~Htiilllilli 
wanted: Talented p~le to write or illustrate for 

Wanted: 2 persons to share large master bedroom 
suite over summer and next year: large tub & 
shower, private bathroom. 2 sinks, walk-In closet. 
Entire large concb fumished with microwave, 
color TV, pool. j awzzi, tINO car garage, etC. 1/4 
mile from UCSD on Gilman. 5275/person plus uti/. 
Call 45B-IR'\O. 15/23) Violin. viola. prep for 320rJust for fun. Indvidualor the Guardian. Call 452-6580. (6/6) 

shared lessons. Helen Martin. 457-~71. (6/6) 
IJUO UA ACADEMY Of ADVERTISING ARTS l-yr. 
course & job placement assistance in ao.tertising. 

~i9'l. copy. production, sales. marketing or 
PUblidty. Now enrolling for June 17. Free catalog 
459-0201. /6/6) 
Stuc;,- buddhism in Korea tlis summer. Free room, 
board & instruction. 6 ~k session. Call 942-
8596. (5/23) 
Hear f>t¥s/cs Professor lu Jeu Sham disruss the 
limits, methodology, and ethics of sdentific 
research when he disrusses Caltech pl¥idst and 
Nobel Laureate Richard Feynman ' s 
autobiograp~, SURELY YOU'RE JOKING. MR. 
FREMAN. Fridctj, May 24, Ncx)N. New Warren 
College Apartments Common Lounge. Ught 
Refreshments. All Welcome. i'vlore Information: 
452-3068. (5/23) 
Panhellenic Volleyball tourney on June 2 at the 
Muir Sand courts-fun & prizesl Don't miss it! Sign 
up on the Plaza this weekI /5/23) 
Sacramento. I have room for 3 people. I leave 5/25 
& return 5/28. Call Clark 457-1800 dctj 296-4262 
tNe. (5/23) 
FREE 1/1 Hairruts at AUREL SALON. If interested call 
459-9610. (5/23) 

~1111 18~11 11 
FOR SALE: PHIL COWNS TICKETS. FOR INFO, 
O\U ROBIN 457-3828. (5/23) 
Beautiful antique solid oak & 8irdseye maple 
l4>rigtt grand piano. 1919 5torey & Clark. SI200. 
Ja1 452-3466 days; 452-8654 tNeS. /6/6) 
Fiat Spyder 1969 red col'llt'Mible. Classic. Needs 
some work. S5oo. Call Dave 453-9946. (5/28) 
1985 Honda Spree scooter. 81ack with purple 
lettering. Brand new, only 20 miles on it. full 
warranty, 100 mpg. Retai/-S695 only 5425 obo. 
Call Eric at 455-0448 leave message if I'm not in. 
(5/23) 
For Sale: RCA 19" color TV for only 5105. Ask for Ed 
755-1401. (5/23) 
Need tickets to the Semi-Formal7 Don't pay regent 
pricesl Call Tracy for TIckets 453-5733 SIO each or 
best offerl Hurry only four tickets availablel (5/23) 
Phil Collins tix. 6 ICJlNn seats for Irvine, 6/3. Best 
offer. ReI¥'! or Heidi, 457-3828. (5/23) 
75 Pontiac Astre, gd. condo 4 speed stick. ~5O. 
263-7578. (6/6) 
Minolta 35m camera 575, electric type\IVriter S99. 
Pioneer am/m cassette car stereo 5135 neg. 459-
0870 pm. (5/281 
Volvo-1975 immaculate, runs great. Asking 
52800 000. 274-9162. (5/28) 
Phil Collins tickets for June 3rd at Irvine 
Meadows-We have six !pod seats for sale, S35 
each or best offer-call Usa 452-5040 or Reb453-
4462 anytime. (5/23) 
3 Surfboards, wetsuit. massage table-all are 540 
or less (except wetsuit). Call Ancty 483-6229. 
(5/30) 
Classic '76 Honda C8400F. Mint condo low mi. 
Runs perfectl SIOOO obo. Call anytime 259-8419. 
/5/28) 
Honda MB5 motorcycle 19BI excellent condition, 
great transport. 5400 for info. Call 5B 7-0 70 7. 
(5/28) 
Adorable animal rubber stamps: Cats. kittens, 
bunnies, bears, pandas, penguins. unicoms. etc.I 

~ 320 designs I Use on notepads. brighten 
erwelopes, ch«ks. create stationery, stidcers etc.I 
Great gift Ideal Free catalogl Send SA.S.E./.39) to: 
Critter care Center. P.O . Box 77. Solana Beach, CA 
92075. (6/~) 
Portable C0"l>uter, NEC 8201, and Epson printer. 
Ideal for taking class notes a1d writing papers. 
Many programs arid a phone modem too. seoo 
Call canole at Guardian at 452-6580 or home 
eves., 454-2917. (5/28) 
Nordica ski boot gift 'certificate. Your choi,e of 
model. size. and color. S2000r best. Call 755-6594. 
/6/6) 
FOR SALE: Calculator HP34C with charger and 
documentation; Rossignal F200 carbon mid-size 
temis radcet-MAKE ME AN OFFERIII call 
Guls/ain 455-9851 / Beagle 354. (5/28) 
Apple 11+; 641<; 80 colurm displ~; parallel printer 
card; green monitor III; SSOO disk drive; Epson 
RXBo-F/T printer, hardly used; System Saver. 
Applewriter II. corrpatible with Epson features; 
Visicalc; Lacksmith. Ellel)itling needed for word 
processing and spread sheets. Game paddles, 
stand. misc. programs, programming manuals, 30 
diskettes inc .. All good condition. SI, 000. Sean 450-
})93, 452-6580. /5/2B) 
1973 Pinto. Runs ~I but looks bad. Dependable. 
No accidents. Orig. owner. 5300 or best Sue 458-
9001. (5/23) 

Need t\NO drivers to south Maryland. All expenses 
paid. References required. 583-3201 or 2~370. 
(5/28) 
Laoking for queen size bed, chest of d(CJINers, and 
bookshelf. Call 459-7723. (5/23) 
Marketing: Ulique field-sales position aval/able to 
UCSD students part-time near campus. Excellent 
opportunity and experience. Call 818 350-5322 for 
details. (5/23) 
waoted: I\SN'. Student taking earth Sd4 to share 
lee notes & aa.tise student of past & new 
assign.ments. Will pay SIO. Call eves. 560-5683 or 
d¥ 452-2300. Ask for Eileen. (5/28) 
19-25 yr, old to INOrk. 55 hr I(HI hrs da for 10 days. 
June 6 to 16. Call 274-0219 after 6 pm. (5/23) 
TYPISTS WANTED. We are looking for skilled 
typists to partidpate in an experiment on 
coordination. We will pay S5.oo per hour br the six 
hours of the experiment. The experiment is one 
hour per d~ for six days, and will take place in the 
Psychology building. For further information. 
contactMke at 452-4348 (days) or Todd at 589-
2301 (evenings). (6/6) 
Are you always dieting. tlinking of food or 
binging 7 We need volunteers br research. Women 
students call for a 2 hour appointment. 452-3755. 
(5/23) 
ilniors and seniors needed to participate in 
interesting research project. S25 br tIM) hours. For 
eligibility screening call 27+0219 after six pm. 
(5/23) 
Rider to DC area. Lv 7/8 619-721-3350 after 6 pm. 
Mike. (5/28) 
Gen. Clerical Worker. 20-25 very flexible hrs. at 
6.79/IY. Number of hours ~ decnase next fall. 
Begin May 28. call Sharon at the Dept. of 
Anesthesia. (days) 452-3865 or Tawry (tNe)450-
9640.15/28) 
Cook & waitress full or part time ~ & /und1. 
Exp. Solana Beach. Mr. T's Cafe 755-7642. (5/23) 
Dollars for Tr~ if you can haul some ft.Jmure to 

~ for me in June. Kay. 274-4269. (5/23) 
College women rieeded as volunteers for research. 
Call 452-3755 to make a 2 hour appointment. 
(5/23) 

ImiM811l111 
WANTED: U1li.1m. 3 BR or Irg. 2 BR house, Pacific 
Beach, Clairemont, University City. Mission 8each 
areas. Approx. S650/mo. UCSD employed. 
references. Jan, 452-3466 days; 452-8654 eves, 
(6/6) 
Wanted: Apt or house in U, U<ity or Del Mar to 
rent for 2 weeks in mid-June and/or late July by 
responsible rouple. phone Ja1 452-064 7. (5/23) 
Female Roommate wanted: summer & next fall. 
Near campus. own room. pool. jacuzzi. Call Pam 
457-5176. (5/30) 
La Jolla Playhouse needs summer housing: Sublets. 
rentals, roommates. Agreements signed. Call Carol 
452-6760. (6/6) 
2 females wanted to share large master bedroom 
and OWl bath in luxury concb by UCSD tlis 
summer. Pool, jacuzzi, 2 car garage. washer. etc. 
245/mo +!.4 utilities. Call DeIp/ine or Christa at 
457-9607 tNeS. (5/28) 
Wanted-fern. nonsmoking roommate to share 
master bedroom S255/mo or have own single 
room 5295/mo +'A uti!. Brand new, spacious, 
luxurious condo at La Jolla C~; washer, dryer. 
micro. 2 pools + spas. For rent summer &/or school 
year only 5 mins. to UCSD call Sheri 453-1262, 
Beth 453-7316. Christina 453-9797. (5/23) 

Roommate to share a room in Genessee Highland 
area. 5150 a month. Call anytime, keep trying. 450-
0328. (5/23) 
Fall rental Sept.-May. Fum. OO'lfrnt 00'1/bctt vieow 
apts studio S32O/mo I br 5525-550 2 br S775-85O 
3 br 51200, P¥king laundry faclllty, 5200 to hold 
unit tINO months. Rent required prior occupancy 
485-7319 ev. (6/6) 
Wa1ted-2 ~ma/es to share master bedroom In 
Del Mar duplex located on Coast Avail. 7/I-school 
yr. Furnished, S260 each & 1/4 util. call Katt¥ at 
259-8081. (5/23) 
Great values in Pacific Beach. Bay view 2 BR 2 81\. 
new decor. Pool, spa, SI\6K. Also sharp 2 BR 1.5 SA 
only 1 blk to bay. Garage. 5105K. Assumable loans. 
Call Jan, Realty Center, Inc. 270-9487 or 272-
3700. (5/23) 
Need female roommate for Jul-Aug. S22S/mo. & 
1/2 utilities. For more info. call 488-5264. (6/31 
Female nonsmoker to share nice I bectoom apt. 
Pacific Beach. Close to Hwy 5. buS. I mile to beach. 
Summer nexible. 5190 mo. Sm. dep. Ke1da1l 483-
OSl2 or 456-0716 message. (5/28) 
Need fem. roommate-own single room-
nonsmoker, mature/responsible, serious yet fu~ 
loving student Washer/dryer /rriao/2 pools & 
spas-Broadmoor Condos. 10 min. walk to UCSO. 
For rent summer &/or schoolyear-S300/mo. & 
1/3 utilities. Call Susan/Klm 455-0949. (5/231 
4 person luxury condo near UCSD for rent SUmmer 
lease w/1'lf!!J(t year option. SI050 mo .• unlum.. sec. 
dep. ~at. new place w/poo/.jaaJzzi, ml~. 
garage, patio. Call 450-9104. (5/23) 
Roormlate wanted by 6/15/85-Male or female. 
Beautiful Villa Europa condo. Many amenities. 
Prefer graduating senior or gradute S325 br own 
room. Call Greg at 457-4678 eves. (5/23) 
Female roommate wanted: June 1st own room in 
Genesee Highland. pool. no pets. nonsmolclng. 
5210 a month & 1/3 utilities. call Mid'le/e • .JcJya or 
Doreen 452-7446. 15/28) 
Roommate wanted: 8eaJrlful large ~ in 
Clairemont area, large yard w/C2nfOO view. 
private room. 12 min. from UCSD. Rent S250/mo. 
call 576-9321 or 481-3120. (5/28) 
2 male students need tlird for summer. 3 bdrms. 
pool. wasling facilities. etc. S25O/mth. 454-7954. 
(5/28) 
Family looking for fern to rent room & ooard in 
beaut 4 bdroom house in Solana Beach. $400. 481-
9163. /5/28) 

diA/M@sl!1 
Top Drawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word processing. 
Dia1e 481-4160. (6/6) 
TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many type styles 
to choose from, spefling and punctuation errors 
corrected, pick-up and delivery, quality work, 
FASTIII S2/page (double Sp;ICed). Cail Interact~ 
Mlao ~tems at 452-9949.16/6) 
Typing: IBM/rush jobS/editing/fast, professional 
results. 453-0656 or 296-7333 Shari. (6/6) 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. SI.SO/page. I 
pickup & deliver. N1cIy Laurence 279-8056. /6/6) 
PROFESSIOJI.W. TYPING. Word Processing & Tape 
Tra1Saiption. Reasonable rates. The Key Word. 
459-5818. 16/6) 
Burke Secretarial-Quallty typingl Spelling 
correct-RushjobS spec.ialty/15 yrs. exper. La Jolla 
457-3842. (6/6) 

Family Plann.ing: 
a choice, a responsibility 

conftdential • prot_Mion.1 • affordable 
.11IlD pre",aDq .atII, 
with results while you walt 

• Unpla.nned pregnancy! 
general or local anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exams 
,..,., Family Planning 
..... Associates Medical Group 

Sao Diego 
6496 Alv~o R4. 
(111)117· ... 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. RushjobS 
accepted. (5/30) 
Typing: IBM/RUSH J08S/EDITING/FAST. 
Pr~ional results/453-0656 or 296-7333 Shari. 
(6/6) 
Sexy and sleek summer bo~ and face wax. 20% off 
manicure and pedicure 25% off. Near campus. 
457-200.1 /5/23) 
TYPING-Fast acQJrate-exp'd. Theses. term 
papers. Only $1.25/1'9. 452-2934. dctj-270-
8597. tNe. (5/23) 
A NEED FOR A TWIST? Reasonable, Speecly. 
Acrurate. Call /(atne 576-1277. (6/61 

~ for an "A". 90% is presentation. IBM word 
processin9. SI.25/pg. spellcheck. Your Sec'y 755-
3252·16/6) 
IBM WORD PROCESSING/Edltlng. Fast/acrurate. 
PIck up/delM!r' UCSO. Call Sally at 453-7511. (6/6) 
BEST 1WJ1'(; MID EDITING of your papers. $1. 50 
per page. Fast. courteous service. Elaine, 224-
0329. 15/281 
TYPING EXPRESS: Corll*te Secretarial Service. 
0uaIIty work. SI.SO/page. 483-2889. (5/23) 
PROFESSIONAl TYPING available through 
KINKO'S COPIES. col'Ml'llen~ located In the 
RaIph'sjSav<)n shopping C2nter, 24 hour service 
available. Re~. Call 457-3775 br details. 
(5/23) 

Naa!: CongratlllariOnS )"OU mad! It. Yours 
Cc:ltJr;Ige. • 

Mar1c Montc¥a. Made your decision yet? Please 
make it soOnllm trying to hang in there but time is 
awasting.-Minamahal Pa RIn Klta-Just Me. 
(5/281 
VoIIe)<baII \t)JIe)'baI' 'IAl1Jeoibal1 FlXl Fun Fun Prizes 
PrIzes Prizes June 2 June 2 June 2-Come and sign 
up at the inb table on Revelle Plaza thru May 28. 
(5/231 • 
To the GODS of Mango. ttalks br an incredible 
e.ellngll I..ove. Your FMJrite Freshmen. p,s. 
Itobotri1an. )<ItI make a heI r:I a ste8kI 15/231 
Ta.4 I-W.U Thought }OJ tould catch me off 
guard7 ~II. r~ got col'1l'll!Ctlons w/fht sect'y 

. gen'!. Your personal ad is antldpated. So therel 
P.S. -t1J~ you're feeling better. They say gargling 
w/.Jefl-O helpsI15/23) 
Neil, wro's the other girl? .Jealous in Soc. 15/231 
Heyl Heyl Matt-I wanna marry}OJI You're the 
best sweetheart & brother ever ... 52 days to gol 
Love. YHH. (5/23) 
Hey "ce weas/e. spend a little Ice with me. The 
taken do not do the taking. Yag Sothoth serves. 
(5/23) 
Hey Dawn. don't forget to sign up br the ilne 2 
Panhel 'IAl11eybaI1 Tourney tlis week on the 
Plaza-Limited no. of spaces available. so hunyl 
(5/23) 

Found: ~ry rice 1NOma1'S watch bind at the 
fountain. call to Identity Guislain 455-9851. /5/23) 
Last: HP41C on Muir campus (5/13). Reward. no 
questions. call.Jeff Strong 452-7456 e\IeS. (5/231 
Last: BkJe Velcro Wallet. ReINard. If found please 
call 587-1033. 15/20) 
Lost: On MLJir Field last TtlJrs. Black watch with 
black band. Reoward if bind. call Bill 455-9709. 

· 15/})) 
Found: Blackwoman'swatchatBSB 5/20. callmat 
EDNA. /5/30) 

GRADUATION 
COMPUTER 

$695 
Fully portable computer, 2 
disk drives. Monitor. 16 
Function Keys. Printer & 2 
serial parts. WordStar. 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

$1550 FREE SOFTWARE I 
KayPro. Osborne, etc. ' 

compatible. 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties. 
SLEEPV HOLLOW 

695-9220 



The U AF is Back! 



t 

Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Aasociate Editor 
C HR1S Yl)UNG 

Contributinll Editon; 
ETHAN FEERST, JuA 

FOR BERG, RuNA HU, 
JAMES RALPH PAPI' 

taU 
M1KE "'HN, RuDDY 
!l0Gf\, A, ADREA 

H.ARMuN, KRISTlN KALA, 
KARl:. KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNI ' ,JuHN NE[:;', ART 
~ALA1AR, ARL STATER, 

ROOER TEI'HENSuN 

Editorial: .. 52-6580 
Advertilins: "52-3466 

Hiatus IS published ewry 
Thursday of the acad"mi year 
as a supplement to the UCSO 
GUARDIAN . R~proJuct-ion 
or use With o ut written 

p"rmis~lon of any portion of 
this mall:1Zme IS a no-no. We 
wdcome unsl)lIcltt'd ldt~ rs, 
manus ' npes, and artwork, but 
assum~ 110 rl'spon Ibtllty tor 
the rdurn ut such. ' cnJ 
mformation to: 

HIAT . 
8-0,6, Lu 1011<.1 , C A , II~OQJ 

Contents 
Cover: The Undergrad, 
uate Arts Festival is at it 
again with Happy People 
making Big Art and putting 
it in Important Places, for a 
good time, see page 3. 

Records . , .... , . . .. page 4 
We're pretty hep and we 

want you to be so we have 
record reviews of The Meat 
Puppets and Everything but 
the Girl, read them or go 
hungry. 

Comfort .......... page 6 
Director Bill Forsyth's latest 

film, Comfort and Joy is a 
combination of silliness and 
social commentary, opening at 
the Ken on Friday. 

Caru80 ••• page 7 
Goings On ••. page 7 

Th iS Hiatus is for Harry "Oay.Q" Belafonte. 

ATTENTION 
STUDENT 

ORGANIZATION 
MEMBERS 
'FOR THE 
1984-85 

ACADEMIC YEAR 
Have you RSVP'd your 

attendance at the May 29th 
Appreciation Dinner yet? 

If not, 
call Marcia X4090, 
or Marietta X4083 

TODAVU 

DON'T BE LEFT OUT! 
2 HUltw May 23, 1985 

and if this poem is for you 
by C.S. Cody 

I retreat 
all previous eyes were black 

and it is .not that the shoeshine 
Or Valentine really inspire 

but thirteen stares follow you 
doorjamb to hinge 
and it is not tha t I feel diminished 
like unwelcome cigarette butts in 
your 
sister's car 

they sing and pass the peach 
and what I love most is 
that Charles Atlas sells 
sandboxes now 

second only to the envy 
that you desire. 

The Birdcage Review Spring 1985 Reading 
will be ThW'sday, June 6, at 4:30 pm in the 
North O>nference Room, RdTeslunents and 
Art will be se£Ved, as will the Spring 1965 
edition of the Birdcage Review, 

'------- - --- - - -- - - - - - -

~ - - - - - - --- - - - - - - - - -

If ' · · O~into 
show business, think 
of this as a croWbar: 
Each year, tho usands of hopefu l men and women try to crash the 

closely guarded gates of Hollywood and New York. 
And fail. 
Because they don't know the ropes. Or somebody in the business. 
Most of all , they don't come equipped with the right tools. 
Tha(:~ why, if you're truly serious about gaining entry, this is the tool 

to have. 
It's a 2Vl hour, first·edition video by Nina Blanchard. And it's a must 
For over 24 years, Nina Blanchard has been one of the industry's 

most powerful agents. She has launched and guided the careers of 
superstars in the acting and modeling fields. 

Now, for the first time, you can take advantage o( her 
knowledge, expertise and experience. You I 
don't need an appointment Just the tape. I 

On this video, you'll get first·hand infor' . 
mation and advice from the likes of I 
Academy·Award winner Cloris Leachman, 
super-star models Cheryl Tiegs and Jeff 
Aquilon , renowned drama teacher Charles 
Nelson Heill y, famous casti ng director Wally 
Nicita, just to mention a few. 

That:~ why you 'll want to order "How 
to l~reak into Motion Pictures, Television, 
Commercials and Modeling" by Nina 
Blanchard, LOda\,. 

At 159.95, it can give you everything 
you need to break into :.how business 
except for one thing. 

Talent 

Call 1-800-227-3800 Ext. 548 
III unJc:r N,n .. "';a IXh"rd .. IIm~ In Rn· .. k inCH Mu l MJU P",lur(.~. 'Irk \1, ,')0 (um~rtl,,,,,,,r.d Mod"hn."· Or.awI 

ny ";'i plu, ' , 'ill \fllp.,.n), A h.l,Kll mJC CC ... "'lwnl;l rnl\!c:n''' lIdd b' J" wk .. ,.lx IIU);lbk tn " "tho. "I) Pnodw.ltllfl'. PO RUlli: ""OM 
"nlh,,",u4111 (A ~1(4)IH A fl.h. n (,rtmn Iluml \ ' .0\11 It. U,\"ll", u rl\ohf\ (,rlfll n fnll·q ..... ' .... Anlhlllll "" ~h ... _ hHn~ 

Mr. Art meets Dr. Science 
Bv JACK DURANT 

UCSD has always been an 
incredible scientific institution; 
known internationally for the 
innovative, experimental efforts 
going on in the labs. The shadow 
crea ted by our scientific 
accomplishments tends to obscure 
other areas in which students and 
faculty are excelling. 

Like the counter personality of 
Dr, Jekyl, appearing only rarely to 
show itself, comes the counter 
personality of UCSD in the form of 
this year's Undergraduate Arts 
Festival which begins today and runs 
throughout the ninth and tenth 
week, ending on June 8. 

From out of the woodwork are 
crawling hordes of undergraduate 
artists; from the visual arts, drama, 
dance, communications and music 
departments. All are emerging to 
demonstrate the artistic, emotional 
sensibilities which so well 
complement the analytic approach 
of the science departments, 

Now in its third year the Festival 
provides unique opportunities for 
undergraduates from the different 
art departments to work together, 
opening avenues of communication 
and broadening the scope of 
resources from which to draw, 

It is not only art department 
students that are brought together. 
By holding festive events all over the 
campus, the entire student body is 
encouraged to participate. The 
Festival offers each half of the UCSD 
personality a chance to discover its 
counterpart. 

The Festival is funded by a variety 
of sources including the Council of 
Provosts, the Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs and the AS, 
All of these funds are pooled and 
parceled out to the various 

Ray Haywood Iuu Tecinled a ,,-ant to do painting. for tM VAF. 

departments by a steering 
committee. Each department in tum 
funds a combination of individual 
and group projects as they see fit. 

The provision of these monies 
allows students an extremely rare 
opportunity to remove the financial 
barrier in the creation of their art. 
Festival funding will pave the way for 
a great deal of original art that will be 
seen for the first time during the 
Festival, artthat in many cases would 
not have been possible without the 
funding, 

This year's Festival will begin with 
a kick-off party at Stonehenge at .. 
pm today, just to get the ball rolling. 
Tomorrow's TGIF is also sponsored 
by the Festival and a surpise 
marching band will invade the 
festivities, circling the hump and 

-creating cacaPhOny while "The 
Toys" go at it on the gym steps, 

One of the most exciting elements 
of this year's Festival will be the 
music department's Sonic Bus 
Works on May 31. Reserved seating 
will be available for rides on a bus 
filled with musicians which will then 
tour around the campus an" 
community, putting music in 
motion . Additionally, many 
individ ual recitals and group 
performances will take place 
throughout the Festival. 

The physical education's dance 
department has put together several 
pieces involving as many as 100 
students. Their biggest event will be 
the Faculty/ Student Dance concert 
on June 1 and 2, which will feature 
jazz, ballet and modern dancing, as 
well as a special performance by 
Regent's Lecturer Bill Evans, 

Dancing in relation to 
environment will be the focus of 
several works , Dancers will be 
appearing in such places as the 
Student Center complex, the Pub 
and underneath the Sun God, 
Unfortunately, the library 
administration would not allow the 
environmental dancers to perform in 
either Central or Cluster Libraries. 

t>le- 1Mn. to pa,e 5 

XEROX 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

-> 

WE COPY 
1601 6'" Ave. S.D. 
231-1676 

May 23, 1985 HicilUI 3 



Meat Puppets 
Up On The Sun 
SST tGirl' and tPuppets' 

"Are You Trying to Be Funny?" In 
both cases, the writing is cautiously 
simplistic, "Dreams," for example, 
isn't much more insightful than that 
trashy film about Farmer, Frances, 
but the songs are still far more 
involving than a great majority of 
others' chart-conscious efforts. 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 
T Rt.'cords has made a name for 

itself with an adventurous roster of 
hardcorl.'-a nd-more punk bands that 
includes Black Flag, Husker Du and 
the Minutemen (which has just 
released an intriguingly jazzy EP 
ca lled ProJecr Mersh) . 

The Ml'at Puppets are perhaps the 
most provocative of th e lot , 
despitl'-or perhaps because of-thl' 
fa t that there is ba rely anything 
hardcofl' about the band. Putting 
aside the band's name and titles 
(from thl'lr previous album, the 
really neat Mell! Puppets II like " Split 
Mysel f in Two" and "I'm a Mindless 
Idiot" (which turns out to be an 
instrumental), the Meat Puppets' 
sound ould be loosely described as 
arty folk-country , complete with 
Biblical all usions and a nod to Blonde 
on Blonde-vintage Bob Dylan. 

The Puppets are led by singer-
guitarist Curt Kirkwood, whose 
somewhat morose vocals give Up On 
the un a strong consistency . (He is 
also a fine whistler, with "Maiden's 
Milk" reca lling the fl uke '60s 
whistling hit, "I Was Kaiser Bill's 

LOCK-IT LOCKERS 
9550 Keamy Mesa RCXJd 

San Diego, California 92126 
(619) 566-7090 

Batman.") A a songwriter, 
Kirkwood delivers his surreal 
imagery with punk like brevity and a 
welcome-if obliquc-sl:nsc of 
humor; his co mic contemplations 
on II aused some to think of that 
album as a parody of Nei! Young, but 
Young, however unwittingly , has 
already claimed that dubious honor. 

Like much of II, Up On The 1m is 
a combination of reflective vocal and 
instrumental numbers that often 
evoke the Puppets ' desert environs . 
The record suffers o nly in 
comparison with the intriguing 
variety found on the previous 
release, which also had the band 
rocking out with a ouple of semi-
thrash tunes and even one Led 
Zeppelinesque song. 

Everything But The Girl 
Love Not Money 
Blanco y Negro 

The road to commercial obscurity 
is often paved with good intentions, 
but Everything But The Girl seems 

SELF STORAGE 
FOR SUMMER 

MONTHS 
NO DEPOSIT 

WITH THIS AD 
NO ADMINISTRATION FEE 
(BRING THIS AD WITH YOU) 

f A HEAD ({~~\\;'c~'."~V~d~J~iI~k(~t~O~lInrOduce ~ ~o~I ~;ervice Salon 
new and tal~ntcd hair stylists. 
Kathy and Ralph Jerri 
Women $12 , reg 25 
Men$10, reg 19 
Highlighting Spedal & Cut $40 
Fur ajJl>Ulnlment. jJlea.e call 457-2930. 
89:iU Villa La Julia Or.. Sune lllU. La Julia 
(behll1d El ' j untu & Rodeo · d irect II' acrus, t he ramp) 

VCSD THEATRE presents 
the WEST COAST PREMIERE of 

MUD 
By Obie 

Award winner 
Maria Irene 

Fornes 

MAY 22 .. 25 8 pm 
UCSD Theatre 

on Warren 
(behind Bookstore) 

$3 452~4574 

Tickets at Weiss Center Ticket Office and 
UCSD Student Center Box Office. 

4 Hiatus Ma y 23 . 1985 

to be doing almost everything in the 
world to avoid that particular dead 
end. 

With its debut album-
cryptically self-titled in this ountry 
and ironically called Ed en 
elsewhere-EBTG flirted rather 
extensively with cool jazz which 
despite occasionally outstanding 
results, left the record-buYing public 
cold . 

The principal problem was that 
Ben Watt and Tracey Thorn, who 
form the creative core of the group, 
are not smooth operators like, say, 
Sade. Thus, the task Watt and 
Thorn, two of the unhappiest-
looking people ever to grace an 
album sleeve, appear to have set for 
themselves on Love Nor Money is to 
put across their pessimistic outlook 
in digestible pop capsules. 

The result is something like "Ugly 
Little Dreams," a tribute to Frances 
Farmer backed by an almost hokey 
country arrangement, or the song 
that expresses the album's title 
theme (,What d 'you mean you need 
love not money?") in jaunty fashion, 

The reason is Tracey Thorn, 
known to us fans as simply The 
Voice. Thorn can give depth to an 
overslick pop conceit like "When 
All's Well ," and, for a moving finale 
to the record , she saves "Angel" 
(decidedly not the Madonna hit), a 
song about the pitiful plight of "an 
honest girl turned thief or whore," 
from becomming maudlin. 

Although the upbeat songs work 
fairly well-interestingly, "Are You 
Trying to Be Funny?" sounds like a 
distant cousin to Los Lobos' "Will 
the Wolf Survivd"-Thorn is more 
in her element with ballads like 
"Shoot Me Down," which finds her 
stretching out vocally, and "This 
Love (Not for Sale)." The latter is 
especially noteworthy because its 
highly personal lyrics about "The 
small thoughts of a small town 
girl/Grew up and wanted to change 
the world" echo and update those of 
a song from her great Distant Shore 
album of a few years back, "Small 
Town Girl." 

3 BBSBIORS 

Summer Credits 
$5 A Unit 

Transferrable To UCSD . 
Enroll at San Diego 

Community ·Colleges 
G ••• Bequirementa 
Math 0 English 0 Economics 0 Speech 
Art 0 Statistics 0 Calculus 

Langu., .. 
Spanish 0 French 0 German 0 Italian 
Chinese 0 Japanese 0 Russian 

Usetul8JdUa 
Data Processing 0 Word Processing 
Accounting 0 Typing 0 Automotive 
Interior Design 0 Travel &! 'Iburism 

CLABBmB Bmm 
JUlDI 3, JU .. 17 I: JULY 8 

City College . 
1313 Twelfth 
230-2476 

Mesa. College 
7260 Mesa. College Dr. 
660-2682 

ECC 
4343 Ocean View Blvd. 
230-2851 

Miramar College 
10440 Black Mtn. Road 
693-6844 

SHOPS 
Aaron Brnlher's Art 

Marl!> 
Crown Books 
Great Earth 

Vitamins 
Homeplace 
Radio Shack 
Ralphs Grncery 

Cu . 
Say-on Drug~ 
Sizes Unlimited 
Sto rm 

Internationa l 
Strouds Linen 

Warehou,e 

457-5908 
450-0577 

<152-9775 
450· 1811 
457-4095 

455-0840 
457-4390 
587- 1652 

452·0551 

457·0525 

SERVICES 
Beverly Hills Savings & 

Loan Association 
Century 21 Village 

Realty 
Fox Photo 
Kinko's Copies 
La Jolla Village Eye Care 
La Jolla Village Square 

Dental Group 
Precision Apparel 
San Diego Federal 

Automatic Teller 
Scientific Skin Care 
Securily Pacific 

National Bank 
Sunny Fresh Cleaners 
Travel Travel La Jolla 
Young Attitudes! 

Hair Graphics 

452-5660 

455-6770 
450-1426 
457-3775 
457-1200 

455-9] 51 
452-9222 

457-2004 

455-7294 
455-0071 
450-1113 

457-3334 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 
CONVENIENCE CENTER 

Tvvo sides of UCSD: 
Dr. Science and Mr. Art 
continued {Tom page 3 
tearing the disturbance created 
would be too great. 

The drama department's main 
contribution will be the 
Undergraduate Theater Festival 
which will feature both published 
plays and student plays. All design, 
acting and directing will be done by 
undergraduate students. 

There will also be two outdoor 
drama events. The Killer by Eugene 
Ionesco will be performed at 
Stonehenge at 6 pm June 6-9. 
Central library'S parking lot will 
house an ambitious multi-media 
performance titled Despoiled Share / 
Medea material / Landscape for 
Argonauts June 7 and 8 at 8 pm. 

The visual arts department's 
funding has gone mainly into 
financing eight individual project 
grants. One project will attempt to 
create a giant picture using 270 Etch-
a-Sketch toys donated by the Ohio 
Art Company. Each of the toys will 
be one small part of a large picture. 

SERVICES 
I 

RESTAURANTS & 
ENTERTAINMENT 

Aesop's Tables 
Greek Cafe 

3 .J: s Chicago 
Pizzeria 

Fai rfield 's Bar 
&< Grill 

La Jolla Village 
Pacific Theatres 

Pippins 
amson 's Deli 

T .G .I. Fridays 
Videu Gallery 

455-1535 

455-0662 

457-3227 

453-7831 
452-1823 
455-1461 
45S-C880 
450- t554 

~.> ... v" ... "'. '" I .. ~ • '10,. , . 
w ... oi 1·5 on 
Vilt. u. Jolt., off 
l. Jolt. V~I ... . 
Dnw. 

Another project is a video which will 
focus on John Wayne's fetish with 
the Geisha girls of Japan. Still 
another will build a 12-sided 
inside/ outside painted environment 
to be placed in the middle of Revelle 
Plaza. Needless to say, this is all very 
BIG art. 

Visual arts has still more to offer, 
including a film festival June 6 at 7 
pm and a very large group exhibition 
Monday through Friday of the tenth 
week, culling the talents from all the 
art classes on campus, with a closing 
reception on Friday from 4-7 pm. 

All in all the Festival promises to 
be an incredible display of students' 
ideas, energy and talent. As the 
Festival gains momentum and more 
support, UCSD's IJ<:rsonality will 
not be thought of as so one-sided. 
The incredible amount of creative 
activity done specifically for this 
Festival is the soil out of which the 
creative efforts of the future will 
grow. 

Paris. .............. $719 
Athens ............ $768 

Q2UNCIL 
452-0630 

- . 
. , ·oJ 

., H E F 
I 
R W 

I 

R 
S 

A NJD L A S T 0 
.,. R 

IN D 
r 

p R E P A R ~ r I 0 N 
S 
T 

ACROSS IIOWII 
1 LSAT tvAT t NMB 9 GAE PSYCH 
2 GMAT to TOEFL HOE 10 GRE BID 
3 GRE 11 SSAT 3 ECFMG 11 ACHIEVEMENtS 
4 MeAT 12 PSAT 4 FLEX 12 NURSING BOS 
5 OAT 13 SA! 5 NOB t3 CPA 
6 MAt t4 ACT • NP81 t4 SPEED READING 
7 PeAT t5 MSKP 7 NCBI 15 ESl REVIEW 
• DCAT • CGFNS ,. INTRO TO 

LAW SCHOOL 

=-a IGI II 
EDUCATIONAl CENTER 

Call Days Eyes & WeQ/IIrnds 

San Diego Center 
21~ Garnet Ave, Suite 2D 

Pacific Beach 92109 
(619) 27tH'l810 

Ml. McNulty, Administrator 

. 



I~~'''''''''''''~''''''''''''''''''''''-'''-''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''~''''''~~'''''''''''''''''~'''''~'' ..... ".......... .......~ .............. ~' .. '·l 
i NO SCHOOL MONDAY!!! 
I . AND NO GUARDIAN EITHER! I 
t Monday is Memorial Day Observance. We're going co observe it. and you should too. The f 
, Guardian will come out on Tuesday (May 28). Also, our last issue before resuming publication f 
, in the fall is June 6. , 
t ................ ~.~ .................................... ~~_ ........ _~._ •. _ .. _ ......... ~_ ............... _~~ .......... ~, ........ ~.~~ ............... t 

-. , 
. 

Unlverllty 01 California-San O'-go 
5/23/ 85 8:30 pm 
Muir Quad 
Sponsored by: 
Campus Recreation & Muir College 
Free Admission 

6 Hica"" May 23, 1985 

tCotnfort' 
is a Xtnas 

• movie treat 
By MIKEL TOOMBS 

The reasoning, I suppose, is that if 
you can accept a parody of The 
GodfatheT that talces place in 
Scotland, then you can c~rtainly get 
into the Christmas spirit in May. 

The somewhat festive occasion is 
the local premiere of Bill Forsyth's 
latest movie, o,mfort and Joy (it 
screens next Wednesday through 
Friday at the Ken) which is set 
against XmaS*time Glasgow. A 
concoction that X-Ray Spex' singer 
Poly Styrene would have called 
or serious 'n' yet not serious, " 
OJmfOTt and Joy is writer-director 
Forsyth's attempt at combining the 
sly social commentary of his last 
movie, Local Hero, with the silliness 
of his debut, the caper crack-up That 
Sinking Feeling. 

As with all Forsyth films , the 
operative element is irony. Here, 
unfortunately, the accent is on the 
" iron," as the trials and tribulations 
of morning radio personality Alan 
"Dickie" Bird - his girlfriend leaves 
him and his life has no meaning until 
he becomes embroiled in an ice-
cream-vending-family feud-are laid 
out by Forsyth with a n 
uncharacteristically heavy hand. 

Still, Omtfort and Joy has its 
attractions, starting with Bird (well-
played by Bill Paterson) and the two 
women in his life. The first is his 
compulsive-shoplifter girlfriend, 
who sets the plot in motion by 
suddenly moving out: she takes away 
all "her" belongings in a garbage 
truck, leaving him with one sweater 
and one book. ("Look at it this 
way," Bird's doctor friend tells him, 
"Everything here is ·you.' That 
book-it's ·you. "') 

The other is the sexy Italian-
speaking ice cream vendress who 
gets Bird involved in the cold world 
of intra-family gang warfare. (The 
woman is played by a wildly 
overacting c.P. Grogan, who was far 
more effective in Gregory's Girl, 
before she altered her image and was ' 
still just plain old "Clare" Grogan.) 

The rivalry, between the Mr. 
Bunny and Mr. McCool factions, is 
played for laughs and earns a few, 
bu t it seems a little late to be h~ving a 
go at The Gxlfather, however deeply 
ingrained in the cinematic memory it 
might be. Where Omtforr and Joy 
really falls short, though, is in 
Forsyth's inexplicably clumsy stabs 
at integrating ~rioW! moments into 
the film before it reaches its 
inevitable-after all, this is a 
Christmas flick-happy ending. 

- - Goings on Caruso 
Running through the merry 

month of May at the Tarbox ' 
Gallery at 1202 Kettner Blvd. in 
San Diego is .. A Fresh Start" and 
other new paintings by Edward 
Evan.. Evans, a Minnesota 
artist, is noted primarily as an 
airbrush artist . Gallery hours are 
11 am to 9 pm Monday through 
Friday. For more information, 
call 234·5020. 

* * * 
If you have tickets for the JOK 

JOK show on May 25, or plan [0 
buy some, you're out of luck. 
The show has been postpOned 
until September 5 . 

* * * 
On Wednesday, May 29, 

New. From Home, Chantel 
Ackerma'n's 1976 film 
incOl"pOrating the avant-garde 
"landscape!' films of Michael 
Snow, will screen at the La Jol~ 
MUlleum of Contemporary Art. 
Screen time is 7:30 and at the 
Sherwood Auditorium. The film 
will be preceded by the short La 
Chambre. For more informa-
tion, call 454-{)267. 

* * * 
If your particular "bag" is the 

theatre, you may want to run out 
and get tickets for this one, 
Beyond Therapy, a wacky 
comedy farce about two young 
people trying to sort out their 
lives through therapy, is now 
running at the Marquis Public 
Theatre on 3717 India St. in San 
Diego. The performance runs 
Fridays and Saturdays at 8 pm. 
For ticket information, call 295-
5654. 

If you need a good laugh to get 
your mind off graduation (God 
Forbid!), how you did on your 
last midterm, or need an excUlle 
to not do your homework, read 
on .. Appearing at the Improv 
Comedy Cafe at 832 Gamet Ave. 
in Pacific Beach is popular 
comed ian Tom Dree.en . 
Having 350 appearances on 
various talk shows, including 48 
on the Tonight show, Dreesen is 
no newcomer to the business. 
Besides, Bob Hope says, "Tom is 
enormously talented. He'squick, 
bright, and definitely makes me 
laugh." And you know who Bob 
Hope is . Dreesen will be 
performing nightly from May 
22-26, so pop on down if you 
trust Bob Hope. For ticket 
information and reservations, 
call 483 .... 521. 

* * * 
Tonight! Free! The UCSD 

Music Department presents a 
performance forum for student 
performers in the Recital Hall at 
8 pm. No, this does not mean 
you can get up and perform. 

* * * 
Tomorrow night! Free! The 

UCSD Music Department, the 
very same, presents Carla 
Carpenter in her Honors Aute 
Recital. The performance is in 
the Recital Hall and also at 8 pm. 

On Saturday the Music 
Department brings you Kiva, a 
2Oth-century performer, and an 
evening of music and media. This 
special performance begins at 8 
pm and will be in the main 
auditorium of Mandeville. 
Tickets are available at the Box 

- --

Office, Ticketron and the door . 
For more information, call 452-
3220. 

* * * 
On Tuesday, the UCSD 

Go.pel Choir will be 
performing in the main 
auditorium at 8 pm. The choir 
will be directed by Rev. Glenn 
Jones, and the performance is 
free to the public. 

* * * 

()/( . Mo~fLl,L I 
1MIS , Ir'5 THe Aw H lf l( 
FlCoM THE IO ~I V I AfJ 
G-Olliil."'M£WT f(~&-AI(~I~(fo 
O u ~ '" 
,.0.'\ 

.. ARE P~E o<>TElto u S . 
£)tC.~H1AT ION MARJe' S ~(IfE , 
r TOLl> YOV "'O~ELI J:'~0t'\ 

'TtiE 6£(; I ~,.JlrJ~ 

TtHY SA Y w f AIt[ C~Al't . 
THAi o u R I AlrtAlrIOIJ$ 
,0 t1AI<f. A I( ~VOI..VrION 
Io.IITI1 FIV E plsroL.S 

--..... -....L 

we sHO UL.D HAvE MA 0£-
IT veRy c.l.EA~ TH~'T 

"T'HE '1,);0 L.5 wo u LO SE 
Ll SE"D .:r u ~r I rJ CA5( 

On Wednesday, in the Reci tal 
Hall, will be a collection of the 
music department's fa culty 
performing Muaic of Yeater-
day. Featured faculty include 
Carol Plantamura, soprano, 
and John Fonville, flute . The 
performance begins at 8 pm and 
tickets are available at the Box 
Office, Ticketron and the door. 
OIeers and congratulations to 
the music department for so ' ""~~~~=l:,===~=~~!::::;=:::~!:::===c!...:=-=4 
many activities and perform- '~-
ances. 

* * * 
Featured concerts at 

Humphrey's on Shelter Island 
Drive are the Little River Band 
on Friday and Saturday and 
Bonnie Raitt, "the first lady of 
the blues," on Sunday. For more 
information on tickets, etc., you 
may need, call Humphrev's. 
- Compiled by Roddy ao.aW/l 

If you would like to have an 
event listed 'in Goings on, 
please call 452-6580 or send 
information to Hiatus, B-016, 
UCSO, La Jolla, 92037. 

--4 -
30 MIi'lUr! f1!1/'J ' s " 
2 rl x ' 5 
Z S5 LO 's 
t ,? OO 4t<l O ' 5 
5'00 ' 11,,"H { w CSS O;.J ' s 
100 iR I DE ;J r ;U OMA'" 

N'tJ rl V EIJ 
ON E J../AM8uRGE 

In celebration of the ARTS at UCSD 
A.S. Programming presents Visual Arts 

T.G.I.F. 
with Rock and Roll dancing by 

THE TOYS 
FRIDAY, MAY 24 

4 - 6: 15 pm on the hump 

Join us later for the 
social event of the year 

Our 2nd Annual 
Semi-ForDlal at 
Sheraton Harbor Island 
Champagne Ballroom 

9 pm - 1 am 
La.t day to buy ticlcet. i. 

Friday, May 24 

May 23, 1985 Hiatw 7 
.("~J . ' .) , I, ~ • . J" l l ' 

-



. . 

A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego 

Tm~·.·.· •• ~tiVW 
1I3IIZ:~ .•.• 
HELP WANTED 

Six enthusiastic people 
needed for job with no future, 
but lots of fun. Usher at the 
Warren College Commence-
ment. Other helpers also 
needed. You'll receive a gift 
certificate in return . Call 
Warren Commencement 
Central at 452-6171. Find 
out what your Commence-
ment will look like . 
Applications accepted to 
Monday, June 3 . 

- - - - -

LEADERSHIP 
DEVELOPMENT 

RETREAT 
Returning students-It's 

not too soon to begin thinking 
about attending the Warren 
Leadership Development 
Retreat. Look for information 
early fall 1985. 

Summer Vacation. Now 
What? 

Looking for something fun 
and exciting to do this 
summer? Why not consider a 
volunteer placement through 
the Warren College Volunteer 
Program? We offer a large 
variety of opportunities both 
on campus and throughout 
the San Diego area. Volunteer 
experience is great material 
for a resume and looks 
impressive on graduate school 
applications. So, for only a few 
hours a week you will gain 
valuable experience and 
surely enjoy yourself. 

Feel free to browse through 
the placements and CHECK 
US OUT! We are located in 
the Warren College Dean's 
Office , yet any UCSD student 
may participate in the 
program. If you have any 
questions , contact Denise 
Campbell at x4731 . 

8 Hiatus May 23. 1985 

. The Academic Internship Program 
The Academic Internship Program offers juniors and seniors with at least 

a 2.5 ~PA the opportunity to earn academic credit while working full or part 
time In an off-campus placement. Placements are designed to match 
students' major areas of academic study and to correlate with their career 
goals. 
How Much Credit Can I Earn? 

The Academic Internship Program may grant students up to a maximum 
of 16 units of credit which may be taken in increments of four, eight or 12 
units per quarter. You will work from ten to 40 hours a week. 

FALL 1985 INTERNSHIPS 
BEAT THE lAST -MINUTE RUSH IN SEPTEMBER 
SEE US BEFORE YOU LEAVE FOR THE SUMMER 

OR ... 
VISIT US THIS SUMMER 

8:00-12:00 and 1 :00-4:30 
MONDAY - FRIDAY 

NOW is the time to being your planning your fall 1985 internship! Many 
opportunities are available-in all disciplines. Come into Warren Campus 
406 and talk with us about these exciting internships. 
Communications/ Arts 

Internships can be arranged with San Diego television studios, 
museums, newspaper offices, public relations and advertising firms, art 
galleries, social service agencies, and local theaters. Students can also 
arrange their own placement in other areas of the country. 
Health Professions/Pre-Meds 

A variety of research and clinical placements are available in San Diego 
and other locations. They include: UCSD MEDICAL SCHOOL & 
UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL, SCRIPPS CUNIC &: RESEARCH FOUNDATION, 
SCRIPPS MEMORIAL HOSPITAL, and the SALK INSTITUTE. 
Psychology /Soci01ogy Students 

Excellent opponunities are available in schools for learning disabled, 
emotionally handicapped and physically handicapped children, 
adolescents and adults. Internships are also available in social service 
agencies, hospitals and clinics. 
Bioengineering/Computer Science/Engineering 

Outstanding opportunities are available for students in these fields. A 
few top examples are: KODAK, LORAL, CUBIC CORP., BEHRING 
DIAGNOSTICS, BURROUGHS, and NCR. Placements are also available at 
the UCSD Medical Center and the VA Hospital. 
Local Government 

Government internships may include aSSignments in research, writing, 
public relations, and handling constituent relations. Placements can be 
arranged with: CALPIRG, CITY OF DEL MAR (Administrative Assistant to 
the Mayor and Assistant to the Planning Director), CITY OF SAN DIEGO 
(Various departments), DISTRICT OFFICES OF CONGRESSMEN JIM 
BATES, DUNCAN HUNTER, BILL LOWERY, RON PACKARD, DISTRICT 
OFFICE OF SENATOR PETE WILSON. 
Washington, D.C. 

Do an internship in WASHINGTON, D.C. and EARN 4-12 UNITS OF 
ACADEMIC CREDIT. Se~e a ten-week assignment on the staff of a 
legislator, government agency or public interest lobby in Washington. 
Work on Capitol Hill in the oifice of congresspersons, the FEDERAL 
RESERVE BOARD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS RESEARCH CENTER, 
NUCLEAR INFORMATION &: RESEARCH CENTER, >JATIONAL 
JOURNALlSM CENTER, CABLE NEWS NETWORK, RALPH NADER'S 
ORGANIZATIONS. 

The ALP. office can arrange excellent hOUSing in D.C. with interns from 
all UC campuses. 
Anything Else Required? 

Yes. You utilize your academic background in producing a 'project 
related to your internship (an evaluative report, "take-home final ," 
computer program, video tape, standard research paper). You select a 
faculty advisor to offer academic guidance, help you develop a bibliography 
and evaluate your paper. 
What's In It for Me? 

• Gain practical experience. 
• Make valuable contacts. 
• Check out career interests. 
• Become more employable (looks great on resumes and grad school 
applications.) 
• Apply what you learn in the classroom. 

How Do I Get Started? 
Come in to the Academic Internship Office at 406 Warren Campus 

(across the street from the Provost Office) one quarter before you want to 
intern. 

* * * The Academic Internship Program i committed to increasing the 
number of students from underrepresented populations who participate in 
internshIps. Our staff I a'Jailable to adVIse you regardmg opportunities 
appropriate to your academi and career Interests. 

~~- -; ~ EARL _ WARREN 
COLLEGE 

~"I" eo.nQulft! 10 ,"-'Jot at'Oto .., ...... 
1O~,....~anaUt""~ 

The Peer Mentor Program 
Wants You ... 

The Warren College Peer 
Mentor Program helps new 
transfer students matriculate 
into UCSD. This program 
matches new Warren College 
transfer students with Warren 
College continuing students. 
These volunteers help create a 
pecial link between new 

transfer students, their major 
departments, Warren College 
and UCSD. 

If you - have at least ten 
hours a quarter to 
volunteer 
- are a declared 
major 
- have a 2.5 GPA or 
higher 

THEN THE PEER MENTOR 
PROGRAM NEEDS YOU! 

If you are interested, please 
see Lea Mizumoto in the 
Warren College Provost 
Office, Bldg. 302 Warren 
Campus, 452-4350. 

, Attention New Spring 
Quarter Students 

ANNOUNCING YOUR FIRST 
QUARTER REUNION 

Remember at Orientation 
we talked about . getting 
together during the spring 
quarter??? Well, the event has 
been scheduled and we are 
really looking forward to 
seeing you again. Let's meet 
and discuss "how it's been 
goin' ." 

Plan to attend-
Wednesday, June 5 

4:30-5:30 
Warren College 

Provost Office 
COfiference Room 

Refreshments will be 
served 

For more information 
contact Harriet Marsh (452-
4731) or Lea Mizumoto (452-
4350). 

SENIORS: 
If you haw not receMd 

your Senior Letter about 
Commencement, pick one up 
at the Warren Dean's Office. 
For cap cSt gown and 
invitation infonnation, call 
the UCSD Bookstore. 
Remember to tum in your 
Teacher of the Year 
Nomination form by May 27. 


