
I) N SUNDAY, THE STREETS OF LA JOLLA will come to life with runners and cyclists and an expected crowd of 20,000 spectators. The featured event is a world-
class cycling event through the streets of downtown 

featuring some of the world's best cyclists. 
The action begins with the Founh Annual La Jolla Half 

Marathon at .7:30 am. The race begins at the Del Mar Fairgrounds 
and finishes at the LaJolla Cove, with the awards ceremony to be 
held at the Cove at 11 am. 

The large crowds are expected to arrive with the stan of the 
premiere Bud Light LaJoila Grand Prix. The course for the event I ....... ~ 
begins on Silverado near Herschel, heads east to Fay, goes down to 
Prospect, up to Girard, up to Wall Street, then continues on Wall to 
Herschel before heading back to · Silverado. 

Preceding the men's event is a two-lap celebrity race and a 33-
lap women's event at 12:30. The men's race begins at 1:15 and will 
feature ten Olympic medalists, including gold medal winner Mark 
Gorski , Steve Hegg and Eric Heiden. The race will cover 66 laps, or 
40 miles. 

There will be a shuttle bus to the race site from the University 
parking lot at the comer of La Jolla Village and Torrey Pines. 

• 



2 Thursday, Apn118, 1985 
Ne~ 

• • '\. .', '" • '" ~ ~ " '" • ..)., • y 'l): .... ... ... ,},' ~... ......... :-: ;..: '" • .,...... '" • ~, ... ·X.~ " 

University of California scientists 
have acquired an unusual computer 
capable of performance approaching 
that of the most i1dvanced 
supercomputers, but at a fraction of the 
cost. 

The powerful "array processor" will 
allow researchers to address a wide 
variety of problems in theoretical 
physics previously unapproachable due 
to limited computing capabilities. 

The researchers are testing the 
computer [0 determine if it an proVide 
an economIcal alternative to 
supercomputers for some university 
research problems. 

Funded by a $440 ,000 grant from the 
National SCience Foundation, the Star 
Technologies ST-100 array processor is 
housed at UC Santa Barbara and shared 
by SCIentists at the IrVine and San DIego 
campuses 

Funding for the project coincides 
with the five-year NSF program to create 
supercomputer centers at four of the 
nation's leading unlversmes at the cost 
of $200 millIon 

Both mlliatives represent the federal 
sCIence agency' effon to promote 
research usmg advanced computer 
technology to satisfy an oveawhelming 
need among UniversIty SCIentists for 
mcreased computing capabilities, 
accordmg to Roben L. Sugar. UCSB 
phYSICIst and a researcher on the 
proJect. 

Seven UC sCIentISts WIll study 
theoretclal problems in ondensed 
matter and high-energy phYSICS 

Capable of performmg up to 100 
mtllion addittons and multipltcatlons of 
eIght dIgit numbers per second, the 
array processor works at approxImately 
the same speed as the ongmal Cra> 1 
supercomputer. 

Although the ST-lOO, which works 
with a host computer, IS slower than the 
most advanced supercomputer now on 
the market, "its relatively low cost gives 
It a dIstinct advantage for some classes 
of problems," Sugar saId 

"Both represent enormously powerful 
computing systems that allow scientists 
to study problems we could not have 
attempted a few years ago," he added. 

"The ST-lOO WIll nOI replace the 
supercomputer, but we think It will 
provide an alternative for some 
situations." 

Supercomputers, which cost in excess 
of $10 million each, are generally used 
to solve problems that could takes years 
on conventional mainframe computers. 

Because they are extremely expensive, 
they are few in number and access to 
them is hmned. 

Array processors have not been 
widely used because they are difficult to 
program , but the very high speed of the 
new generation machines make the 
investment of programming time 
worthwhile for "computationally 
intensive" research, Sugar said. 

Funding for the host computer that 
works WIth the processor has been 
provided by the Xerox Corporation and 
the Du POnt Company. 

o 
A history professor at the University 

of Cahfornla, Irvine , has co-authored a 
book chromcllng the hfe of one of the 
richest black men In the Old South. 

Blach Maslers tells the story of Wtlham 
Ellison, the son of a white plantation 
owner and black slave who worked hIS 
way out of bondage and became a 
respected craftsman and landowner 

The book offers a revealtng family 
protra lt of an Important but generally 
unknown group in the South-the free 
blacks who were pro~perous, well-
educated and sometimes slave owner~ 
themselves. 

Black Master~ was wrlllen by MIchael 
Johnson of UC Irvine and James Roark 
of Emory Umverslty an Atlanta. It was 
published recently by the W.W. Norton 
Co. 

• 

Much of the book is based on the 
Ellison family's correspondence-the 
only known surviving letters by a free 
black family wri[[en during the years 
surrounding the Civil War. 

Most deal with everyday matters-
business transactions , town gossip and 
family activities-that closely parallel 
those of Southern whites. 

In Black MaSlers , Johnson and Roark 
describe the small number of Southem 
blacks who worked in skilled trades, 
making enough money on the side to 
purchase their freedom and pass it on 
as a binhright. 

Johnson says that while some readers 
might be disturbed by the Elhson's 
slave-holdings, the research makes a 
valuable contribution to black histOry. 

"The Ellison \c[[ers show that black 
families during the Civil War era weren't 
all impovenshed slaves. They restore the 
co mpleXity of black life and demonstrate 
that great differences eXisted in thIS 
group as in any other." 

o 
The director of the Carnegie 

Institution of Washington, Department 
of Embryology, will gIve the annual 
WIll tam D. McElroy DistingUIshed 
LectureshIp an Biology at 4 pm 
Thursday, Apnl 25, an Liebow 
AudItorium , the BaSIC SCIence Buildmg, 
UCSD. 

Donald D. Brown, MD, will talk on 
'The Role of Stable Complexes an the 
Activation and RepreSSIon of Eukaryotic 
Gene ." 

A graduate of the Universlry of 
Chicago MedIcal S hool , Brown is a 
leading researcher In the area of 
regulatlon of gene expressIOn dunng 
development. He is a pioneer in his 
field, having made a number of 
Significant discovenes which include 
the first Isolation of the RNA genes in 
the late 1960s, and pnmary 
mvestlgation on the transcriptlon of the 
5S genes. 

Brown is the recipient of many 
science awards, including the US Steel 
Foundation award m Molecular Biology, 
the Ross G. Harrison ISAB Prize in 
Developmental Biology and the Rosentle1 
Award in Basic BiomedIcal SCIence. 

Wilham D. McElroy was installed as 
chancellor at UCSD on Nov. 28, 1972, a 
position he held for eight years until he 
resigned in August 1979. He is currently 
a UCSD faculty member in the 
Department of Biology. 

During McElroy's term, he established 
the UCSD Board of Overseers , a group 
of promir,ent San Diegans who advise 
the chancellor; and enlarged the 
Chancellor's Associates , another 
community adviSOry group. He is also 
responsible for the expansion of the 
visual arts, performing arts and the 
humanaies on the campus. 

For more information , contact 
Alixandra Williams, 452-3120. 

o 
A social scientist, a pediatrician and 

a college administrator will discuss 
"Teenage Pregnancy: A Problem wllh No 
Solution," at the next meeting of San 
DIego Independent Scholar~, April 24 at 
7:30 pm in Room I11A, Chancellor's 
Complex , UCSD. 

The meeting is open to the publac 
and admIssion is free . 

The study, commiSSIoned by the 
Center for Women's Studies and 
Services at San Diego State University , 
was completed recently by Gwendolyn 
Alexander, who will present it at the 
meeting. Dlscussmg her findings will be 
Mananne Fehcc, a UCSD Medical 
Center pedlamcHln and Carol Counsel, 
former dIrector of the Cemer for 
Women'!> Studies and Services 

San Diego lndependent Scholars IS 
part of (I nationwide movemem to 
organize mdlviduals who do scholarly 
work and may not be affiltated with a 
universIty. In rccognit.!,.on of the 

~---------~----------~ I I I 
=tW ,..." ~ ,. I"'" r 

" I. 
, jl"r" ~ .... ~:.. I~ --~ I ' I' I,t. ~ 1...tiI ...til I . ~ IJIIII II ... • .. ""III" -, ..... I" ., 

"' 
...... !II 

I k' • 'I I,,,re-I fl. L I'l. r, I'. 
~ ,... Fl' 

News: Thousands of Berkeley students have demonstrated 
their desire for UC-South African divestiture in the past few 
days. Also, UC lecturers go to the capitol to complain, the 
California Review has won, at least initially, a battle to get on-
campus space, although the fight isn't over yet, and Adam 
Scrotum and Betsy Breast are back, wtih cancer, on a campus 
near you. 
Opinions: A reprint of the UC Berkeley Daily Cal's editorial 
on the apanheid walk-outs, the results of the referenda 
voting, a viewpoint on America's favorite pastime, plus letters 
and Doonesbury, 
Perspectives: Two stories in the Guardian's Emerging 
Writers' Series explore memories-a universal day and 
photographic images. Plus, "the writer's i" discusses the fruits 
of our wide , wonderful, big blue beautiful marble . 
Sports: Santa Barbara is still in the infantile stages of 
recovery after UCSD made another appearance at the annual 
tournament, and women's HD polo players are unwilling 
characters in "The Drowning Pool." 
Hiatus: Who bener than the phenoMadonna to grace the 
pages of Hiatus ' special collector's issue. Additionally, 
Wyman Marsalis and Kun Vonnegut come to campus next 
week for your music and lecture listening pleasure , and a 
eulogy for the late "Adventures with Paradise" show on 91X. 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASH LEE 

important role of research by 
independent scholars , UCSD recently 
granted expanded library privileges to 
all full members of SDIS . Further 
information about the meeting or 
Independent Scholars is available from 
Alice Marquis of La Jolla , 453-1878, or 
membership chairman Aline Hornaday, 
also of La Jolla, 459-5748. 

o 
Pulitzer Prize winner C. Vann 

Woodward, a Sterling Professor 
Emeritus at Yale UniverSity, will talk on 
"The Dangers of Writing HiStory," 
Wednesday, May I , at 4 pm in the 
Humanities Library Auditorium. 
Woodward is being brought to UCSD by 
the University of California Graduate 
Seminar in Southern HiStory, which also 
includes faculty members at UC Irvine 
and UC Riverside . 

Woodward is best known for his 
landmark study of the advent of 
segregation in the work , The Strange 
Career of Jim Crow. He is also the author 
of a biography, Tom Watson: Agrarian 
Rebel, a study of the Southern Populist 
pany leader. 

Still unsurpassed an its field is 
Woodward's history of the South and 
the nation , Origins of lhe New South, 
1877 -1913 , which discusses the period 
between Reconstruction and 
ProgreSSIvism. 

Woodward won the Pulitzer Prize in 
History in 1981 for his book, Mary 
Chestnut 's CIVil War. 

The Graduate Seminar in Southern 
HIStOry is a year-long course open to 
graduate students at the Irvine , Riverside 
and San Diego campuses of the 
University of California , and offers an 
unusual concentration of scholars of the 
American South. 

o 
UCSD Extension will hold a one-day 

seminar April 20 titled "How to Buy and 
Sell an Established Business," aimed at 
prospective buyers and sellers. A 
thorough explanation of the legal and 
finan cial consequences of a successful 
transfer will be given, and the methods 
used to determine th e current "real 
world " value of that busi ness will be 
outltned. 

!-red W. Hoyt , J business broker wah 
the San DIego-based Abbott-Hoyt Co. 

and an officer of the Business Brokers 
Exchange, will direct the seminar. Hoyt 
speclalizcs in the transfer of established 
San Diego County businesses to new 
owners. 

The course meets at UCSD Extension 
from 9 am-4:30 pm on Saturday, April 
20. The fee is $75. For further details, 
call UCSD Extension at 452-3400. 

o 
The UCSD School of Medicine has 

been established as one of six 
Alzheimer's Disease Diagnostic and 
Treatment Centers in the state by the 
California Department of Health 
Sciences. 

The center, which will open June 1, 
will be an extension of UCSD's Seniors 
Only Comprehensive Assessment and 
Retirement Evaluation (SOCARE) 
program. 

The $80,000 grant will enable 
SOCARE to expand its services for 
diagnosing Alzheimer's disease, 
according to Joe Ramsdell, MD, associate 
adjunct professor of medicine and 
SOCARE director. A diagnosis of 
Alzheimer's disease can be made only 
after a thorough physical, neurological 
and psychological evaluation. 

The UCSD School of Medicine is one 
of five Alzheimer's Disease Research 
Centers in the country, established last 
fall by the National Institute on Aging. 
Directed by Roben Katzman , MD, the 
center encompasses basic research on 
the course of AlzheImer's disease , as 
well as patient studies which examine 
the psychological and behavioral 
components of the disease . 

AlzheImer's disease is an incumblc 
form of senile dementia that affiicts an 
estimated twO million mdividuals in the 
United States. Victims experience 
memory loss and progressive mental 
detcrioration unnl they become 
comple tely helpless . 

A complete evaluation of these 
patients IS necessary in order to rule out 
other causes of memory loss and 
dementia which are treat"ble . Patients in 
the early stages of Alzheimer's disease 
arc also being sought for a long-range 
study beang conducted through the 
Florence Riford C1imc, the research 
ce nte r' clinical program. 

- Renet Wenrick 

Thursday, April 18, 1985 3 

UCSD rally planned 

Thousands at Cal protest apartheid 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, News Editor 

UNIVERSITY POLICE Tuesday arrested more than 160 ann-apanheid demonstrators at UC 
Berkeley, where they were protesting 
University of California i{lvestments in 
companies with South African interests. 

After the arrests, at least 2,500 people 
gathered at Sproul Hall, administration 
building for the nine UC campuses, to 
denounce the arrests and the UC's 
investments in various firms doing 
business in South Africa. The amount of 
those investments has been estimated to 
be as high as several billion dollars . 

ensure that campus rules are observed . 
"The main doors to Sproul Hall have 

now been barricaded . The building has 
been plastered with signs in clear 
violation of campus rules . 

"The vigil has been turned into a 
campout. 

"Protests on this campus must be 
both legal and within the rules. We shall 
closely monitor this demonstration . If it 
continues as it now is, we shall take 
action to open the doors of Sproul Hall , 
to take down ·the signs and to end the 
camping out." 

Those arrested were charged with 
trespaSSing, illegal lodging, or blocking a 
public thoroughfare , all misdemeanors. 
About 30 others were charged for 

resisting arrest, also a misdemeanor. 
About 80 of those arrested identified 

themselves as students. 
The Regents are scheduled to 

consider South African dIvestment in 
June. 

The ASUCSD Wednesday night 
allocated funds for a rally on Revelle 
Plaza Wednesday, April 24, from noon 
to 1 pm. 

According to AS PreSIdent Marc 
Boroditsky, the AS is asking students to 
wear red ribbons, symboliZing African 
bloodshed, in support of divestment 
and to boycott classes during that time. 
The boycott request extends to 
instructors as well. 

The demonstrations at Berkeley have 

three primary goals, according to AS 
President-elect Mary Rose Alexander. to 
achieve UC divestment in South Africa , 
to move the Regents' vote on divestment 
from late Jlme to the May meeting and 
to move it from the Santa cruz campus 
to the Berkeley campus, and to have the 
treasurer make a full report to a public 
hearing on the UC's investments in 
South African businesses. This last goal 
was achieved by the protestors 
Wednesday night when the UC 
Administration agreed to the request. 

According to Greg Arnold , vice 
president-elect of external affairs, the 
extent of UC investments in South 
Africa cannot be determined until the 
treasurer's repon is made. ~ 

Despite the arrests, speakers at the 
rally , including Mario Savio, who led the 
Free Speech Movement in 1964, urged 
the protestors to continue. On 
Wednesday, about 7,000 people again 
marched at Berkeley. 

A University-wide demonstration is 
scheduled for Wednesday. 

The Berkeley arrests came afte r 
repeated requests by the Administration 
for dispersal of the demonstrators, many 
of whom had been camped out on the 
steps of Sproul Hall since last 
Wednesday. One of those requests was 
addressed from Berkeley Chancellor Ira 
Michael Heyman to the campus 
community on Monday, April IS: 

Lecturers seek new contract 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Corresponiknt 

"Eve nts in South Africa continue to 
show the cruelty and shame of 
apartheid . About this there is no 
disagreement in our community. 

"The issue within the University 
mvolves its investme[u poltcies set by 
the Regems. I believe groups on this 
campus should be heard on that subject, 
and I shall facilitate bringmg those 
views to the anemion of the Regents. 

"The protest on Sproul Hall steps, 
however, has become illegal despite 
repeated efforts by the Administration to 

T HE FEUD BETWEEN the University of California and its 2,236 lecturers heated up last 
week as the two sides met before an 
Assembly subcommittee . 

The lecturers, represented by the 
American Federation of Teachers (AFT), 
have been negotiating for their first 
comract with administrators for almost a 
year. 

The union, which has also been 
fighting for a voice in academic policy 
at the bargaining table, recently won a 
promise from a top UC official that 
lecturers would be consulted for a UC 
study on three reports critical of 
undergraduate education . 

But on April 9, AFT Chief Negotiator 
Marde Gregory told the Assembly Ways 

PHOTO PLAQUE 
... custom designed, or dirtct from your original, a unique process enables you to 
have documents, certificates, photographs, newspaper and magazine articles or 
any other copyable . item duplicated and transposed onro polished brass or 
aluminum and mounted on a handsome walnut plaque. Your original is 
always returned. 

DEGREES deserve more recognition ... 

U •• VI .. ITY _ •• 11IRI 
COMPUTER CENTER 

.a52..a91 

and Means Subcommittee on Education 
that lecturers were being denied a say in 
academic decision making. 

Gregory also asked the subcommittee 
to require UC to conduct a 
comparability study on lecturers' wages. 

Both Gregory, a visiting UCLA lecrurer 
for 11 years, and Hal Geiogue of the 
Legislative Analyst'S Office said that the 
University'S reply to a Senate 
subcommittee inquiry on lecturers might 
be inadequate. 

UC Vice President for Academic 
Affairs William Frazer wrote the Senate 
Budget and Fiscal Review Subcommittee 
on Education that chanceUors would be 
asked to include non-Academic Senate 
members in their discussions on the 

XEROX 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

FREE 

~ 
percopv 
YOIume jobt 

-COLlATING 
- PAIIIONG 
- PICKUP/ DELIVERY 

(with minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6th Ave. SD. 
231-1676 

quality of undergraduate education. 
But Gregory thought Frazer had 

promised the subcommittee that UC 
would create a systemwide panel , to 
include lecturers, to report to the 
Regents on the issue. 

Gregory proposed the systemwide 
panel follOWing the release of the 
reports, which included a study of the 
Association of American Colleges. That 
review stated that universities had 
relaxed their course requirements so 
much that "almost anythmg goes" for 
some degree requirements. 

Without a systemwide panel, non-
Senate faculty comments could be lost in 
a maze of correspondence between the 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 7 > 

QultWastJng 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testi ng program wi II 
bring oLit how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ ceNTeR 

International Living at UCSD 
on campus housing at Beagle Hall, 

Revelle Campus 
• multi-cultural setting 

• fRf:NCH, SPANISH, Gt:RMAN Suites 
• special programming supportive of language/cultural learning 

APPLY /YOW TOR TALL 1985 
itppllcatlons now available at your college's Resident 

Dean 's Office or the International Center 
• application deadline Is April 23, 1985 

further Information at 455~15 7 or 452-3025 

lANGUAGE HOUSt: 
r.OW onr. TO AU UCSD STUD~rrrs 



4 Thu rsday. Apnl 18. 1985 

Berkeley sticks its chin out and ... 
The Jo llowing editorial was obtained courtesy oJThe Daily Californian , 

Wednesday, April 17: 
Don't go to class today! Show the University Administration you won't 

suppOrt their investments in South Africa. Show the University we will 
not allow our friends to be herded off to jail when they stand up for 
moral and ethical behavior. 

The Administration treats students like children. When protests 
threaten to bring about real changes in public opinion, the 
Administration suddenly d eclares them illegal. They want "student input" 
only when it's non-controversial. 

The University belongs to the students. If the Regents are going to 
create policies that are morally repugnant-like investing in South 
Africa- then they'll do it without our support. We're not going to attend. 

The student strike is backed by several local unions, AGSE (Associated 
Graduate Student Employees), faculty members and almost the entire 
spectrum of campus organization s. We urge you to boycott your classes 
and attend the teach-ins. 

~--~---------------, 

••• here are your mandates 
REFERENDUM #1 
(a) The Associated Students Activity Fee 
IS the fundmg source that supportS 
student programs, activities and 
seJvices. The present fee of $8 has not 
been changed In four years to 
accommodate growth and inflation. Do 
you suppOrt a $4 activity fee increase 
WIth the follOWing per-quarter, per-
student constitutional lock-ins? 

KSDT, , ................ SI .IO 
Studem Services . . . . .. ... $1.40 
Alternative Media . . ..... . $1.50 
Total Increase .... . ...... $4.00 

o YES. I suppOrt a $4 Activlty Fee 
increase. 
D NO. I do not suppOrt a $4 Activity 
Fee increase . 

YES- 13fO NO-l160 

(b) The UC SlUdem Lobby, supported 
through fee monies, lobbies the Slllte 
legislature , the UC Regents and the UC 
Administration for students' nghts and 
needs. The lobby has been effectively 
maintaining a minimum fee level. Do 
you suppOrt a $1 activity fee increase 
per qua rter per student constitutionally 
locked in for the UC Stud em Lobby? 
D YES, 1 support a $1 fee increase fo r 
the lobby. 
o NO, I do not support a $1 fee 
increase fo r the lobby. 

YES-1367 NO-I032 

(c) The four college councils (Muir, 
Revelle, Third and Warren) provide 
programs and deal with issues on the 
college level. Presently they are funded 
by ve nding machine reve nues. 

Do you suppOrt a $0.50 activity fee 

increase per qua Iter per student as 
college council constitutional lock-in? 
o YES, I suppOrt a $0.50 activity fee 
increase fo r college councils. 
o O. I do not support a $0.50 activi ty 
fee increase fo r college councils. 

YES-1319 NO-I095 
REFERENDUM #2 

Do you support ending the use of 
student registra tion fees for the purpose 
of on-campus recruitment by the 
milita ry. the CIA, the Secret Service, the 
FBI and INS? 

YES-158O NO-80 
REFERENDUM #3 

Do you support the UCSD Associated 
Student Bod y's participation in the 
national sanctuary movement for Central 
American refugees? 

YES-1391 NO-926 

REFERENDUM #+ 
Do you suppon the UC Regent and 

the UCSD divestiture from the apartheid 
government in South Africa? 

YES-1568 NO-695 
REFERENDUM #5 

Do you suppon the creation of on-
campus, student-owned, student-
operated cooperative housing? 

YES-1973 NO-H2 
REFERENDUM #6 

Do you suppon a chapter of CalPIRG 
(the California Public Interest Research 
Group) at UCSD, which will be funded 
by a voluntary $3 per-quarter fee? The 
CalPIRG fee will be included in all fee 
totals on th e registration form, and each 
studem will have the option not to pay 
the fee at the time of fee payment. 

YES-1710 NO-879 

~®frtb:~lf~n®ilit®lf~n®W®rr~n®frfr®rr~ll®frfr®rr~n®till®rr~n<e\tit<elf~n<eilit<elr~n<e\tit<elr~n<efdt~rr~ll~frfr~lr~~ 
fr®rr$lettersnceilit®lf~llceW®rr~n®l1fr®fF~ll®fr~®rr~ ll®frfr(enr~lettersn<eft{t<elrSn<eilit~lf~ll®11fr®rr~n®frtt 
rr~~®frfr<e1f~ll®frfr®lf~n®frfr~lf~ll®ilit®rr~ll~tt (®Jf~n® tt®lf~nce:ilitcerr~n<eilit<elr!llceilitcelf~n®ilit®rr~ncettti:®fF 

Yellow yipping 
Editor. 

Have you noti ced the creeptng tide of 
green and red lately? It fl ows over the 
yellow spaces greedily at the beginntng 
of each new quaner. Slowly the students, 
the S space holders of UCSD. are being 
pushed out of SIght and , I suspeCt, OUt 
of mtnd as well . A5 each new quarter 
begins I find . once agatn . that a favorite 

space or lot (that bei ng one within 
walking distance of class) has been 
painted over for the A and B permit 
holders. I probably would feel less 
frustration at this fact If the freshly 
painted spaces were being used. Instead 
they taunt us with their emptiness. 

Who makes these arbitrary deCISions 
to shove students funher away from the 
buildmgs each quaner? I suspect it may 

be the same woman. Laura Rey-
Assistam Parking Manager-who was 
quoted in the Guardian as saying "The 
problem (parking) is that it wasn't 
convenient; students want to go right to 
the from door." May I address a 
question to Ms. Rey? Where do you 
park your ve hicle? Does it take you 15 
to 20 mi nutes to walk to your offi ce 
from that space? 

I am rapidly coming to the realization 
that it might be to my benefit to give up 
my parking permit next year and save 
the exorbitant fee . I would probably 
find that the parking on the streets is 
not any fun her away trom my classes 
than the parking in the S spaces on 
campus. Also, if enough students gave 
up thei r pe rmits, pOSSibly the parking . 

> CO/IITINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

EOITOP.: PttUP L.AJ.aJ\ ,_Iii ..... 
NEWS ~ SEAN W.t.GSTNf A51gtJA1E NIWS ~ PI«. '4IlJM 

CONTMUIlNG NIWlIDITOMr II.'fIMIiCOr. AEHt£ ""1UClC 
OPINIONS EOITOA: fotATTHE\I J. CRONIe fOSIIIC1MS EDm:o».a ~=~= COPY EOITOP.: JAN I-WlSEN PHOI'O EDITOA: A08 FPaI..... 31 
ART5 EDITOR: ANCNW KEELEI\ AS50CIAlE AIm IDIIQI. nail ~~ 

.... .. .................... ........................... ................. .:;:".:.:: .. :::: .. 7.:::: ... =;.J::'l" __ ~~:~~~,;"-"""'" 
GMPHIC ARTISTS: JOHoI ASK.£( TQJ.\ PLONAA 
PHOTOGMPHW: JOHoI ASK££. K£VIN FOLEY. DAWN~. P.CGI' NOiIQt; MHIIKM 

5OFTl.EY. J05tu. .... 
STAffWMUS: IMTTADAMS.WMlWJIENomG OEIIICOHfH.~fOMBrnG.NGIaA tI.I. 

'VAN H~5ON. Qfl.ISTlNA KALJS, ACOfJ\T t.fONE. ~ LlrSOIf. lMMICIM. JOIfof 
SCHACHT. KATHLEfN SCHOU.. ~ STE.WlS. JU!NI SI.UJVAN. lAlJNE \QMftI. OMIM 
WAANNEI\ 

............... , .... ......... . 

PASTE -UP ARTIST5: )(HoI ~HL£E.1.AlNN rotNAV. 10M McDONALD. SKW)N ~L 4.A6CJN PINSI<'(. 5Wt 
WKB/IIf 

1"'tP£SE'fTW: jf,(N f\M. .W4 ~ ...... LIUlM. DtfIIta ~ 
BUSIteS *-~ HNI1DWt.,. ......... _~a.. 

Thur~,Apnl 18. 198~ 5 
D'>INI~ 

.' ,"... • .. v • ~;,: • ~ , - x ... ~ -, " ... , x . x> 

Viewpoint 

Fans get the high hard one 
When circus mogul P.T. Barnum was asked how he 

could get away with charging such nOloriously high 
ticket prices to attend his overpriced shows, he was 
said to have replied : Because "there's a sucker born 
every minute." Were old Barnum alive today, no doubt 
he'd be in the basebaU racket. Indeed, America's 
favorite pastime has become America's sports 
entrepreneurs, players and agents favorite legal ripoff. 

Ticket prices to games, along with player salaries, 
continue escalating astronomicaUy. regardless of 
inflation rates, player perfonnance or public demand 
for tickets. In just ten years , the average player's wages 
has increased more than eightfold, from SfD,839, or 
$240 per game in 1974 to S329,'KJ8, or S2,900 a game 
this year, based on 1985's shonened 162-game season. 
Worse, this incredible salary is doled out whether the 
guy stands in left field or relaxes on the bench. If the 
current trend of salary increases continues unabated, 
the average player paycheck will be S2,635.264 
annuaDy, or S16,250 a game by 1995. 

It was ex-San Diego Padre Cito Gaston who started 
the ball rolling back in 1974, when he refused to 
accept the club's offer of $42,000 and held out for an 
even S50,OOO. At that point was born basebaU's newest 
position, the wage arbitrator, who gOl Gaston his 
demanded $50,000 and then some. 

Today, even "losers" in the negotiation process 
emerge as "winners" in almost anybody's book. Seanle 
Mariner Julio Cruz . for example, who lost his bid ror a 
contracted $500,000 yearly salary in 1983 and had to 
settle for a paltry S425,OOO instead , said: "I could have 
been one richer Puerto Rican. but now I'm just a rich 
Pueno Rican." Still, the object players lust over the 
most is the highly coveted long-term comract, where 
athletes are guaranteed to reap annual bonanzas up to 
ten years into the future . 

Sports lIIuSlrated repons that Bruce Sutter, of the 
Atlanta Braves, recently Signed a Six-year contract 
wonh S9.6 million; Chicago's Rick Sutcliffe signed a 
five year one for $9 miUion; Baltimore's Fred Lynn 
signed for 56.8 miUion over five years; and Boston's 
Jim Rice Signed a four-year, S1.5 million contract with 
"escalating extension" clauses, that will likely fatten his 
already bloated paycheck even further. Interestingly, a 
1980 study done by Kenneth Lehn, a researcher-
economist at Washington University in SI. Louis, into 
the perfonnances of 188 players after they signed 
lucrative long-term contracts, found that injuries 
increased by 165%, within three years after signing. 
"For pitchers," reported Lehn, ... .. post-contract 
disability soared by more than 300%." And overall 
percentages of players on the disabled list jumped 
from 13.8% in 1976 to 21.8% in 1980. 

This year a record 36 players are paid in excess of 
S1 million to play six months of basebaU, and this 
doesn't even take into account additional windfaUs 
compiled from a smorgasbord of extras, ranging from 
cash bonuses used to entice players into signing overly 
generous contracts, 10 low-interest loans, stock optiOns, 
'IV residuals, guest appearences and pay for writing 
drivel in columns for cenain community newspapers. 

In 1983, San Diego Padre Steve ("Mr. Clean") Garvey 
was awarded $1.850,000 just for performing well at his 
first base perch. He made countless additional 
thousands simply from displayin~ the famous "Garvey 

grin" at various public functions. If you've ever 
wondered why Garvey always looks like a mill ion, now 
you know the reaSOn. But players are by no means the 
only ones comfortably riding baseball 's gravy tra in . In 
fact, America's giam sPOrts complexes not only look 
like the Pentagon building itself, but they operate in a 
similarly inefficient manner. Indeed, places where 
management of the citizenry's supportive dollars has 
evolved into a highly competitive art, with each arena 
vying for maximum bucks, while striving to supply 
minimum seJvice. 

San Diego-Jack Murphy Stadium just hiked its 
admission prices again this year to the tune of 56.50 
to $7.50 for a decent seat. In addition, they're 
demanding $2 for the priviJedge of parking your car in 
their asphalt desen for a couple of hours. A season 

Doonesbury 

ticket for all 81 home games costs up to $560, or $7 a 
game. Incredibly, stadium authorities repon they've 
already sold a record 25 ,000 season tickets as of April 
12. thus collecting advanced ticket-sales for CuUy half 
the seats ava ilable for the entire at-home season. Last 
year, fewer than 14,300 season tickets were sold 
altogether. Profits in 1985 are poised to soar to record 
heights, while consumer service has deteriorated to all 
time lows. 

Seemingly, every profit-rnotivated entity is hopping 
on the bandwagon to rip off hapless fans. Servomation, 
the stadium's.contracted food seJvice concessionaire, is 
charging $2 for a lousy 26-ounce cup of beer. An 
ordinary hOt dog, with such condiments as sauerkraut, 
is now commanding $2.40. How long w~1 consumers 

> CO!l1T1NUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

KROY LE I I ERING Contemporary Blac:k Art. Program, UCSD presents A Benefit PnJormance of 
Soutlaecut Communit, TheatTe's PToducrion of Make a great impression 

AB 
C 

-Resumes - Reports -Letterhead 
- Flyers - Coupons -Forms 
• Newsletters - Graphs - Charts 

kinko·s· 
457·3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

D'. leT[D I T 011 FlO YD GA'fNEY CHO" I OOaAH4( O IV KINNETH G"UN 

April 20, 1985 8 pm 
Mande.nlle Center Auditorium 

Srudenu $6 • F«/St4ff $8 • General Ad. $U 
For tided .nformation and/or fUenlCltimu caU .f5Z·l10l 

Ticlceu aVCIUable cae UCSD Be. Offke .fSZ..f559 and Tic:Jcmon 0NddI 



6 Thursday, Apnl 18, 1985 
D'>INf'* '" 
:-..~ . ~ ~::- . . . ~ "~ . '. ,,~. 

ttit\elf~~\e{t{b:err~n \eilit~lr 
rrln\eilit~lr~ll~frfr\err~n~ 
n ~frft<err ~ll <eilit~lf ~n ~frtr 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE .. < 
office would run out of money for the 
purchasing of red and green paint! 

Jessica R. Young 

Mesa parking 
Editor: 

An open letter to Larry Barrett, Dean 
of Housing and Food Services 
Administration: 

The parking situation at Central Mesa 
continues to plague us. On October I, 
1984, a permit system was instituted . At 
that time the system was viewed as a 
sound approach to minimizing the 
inconveniences and safety hazards 
caused by a lack of late-night parking 
space. Unfortunately, this system has 
nor worked as well as expected. As 
concerned residents, we would like to 
see this system work and feel that it can 
if a few simple measures are taken. 

People are parking in permit spaces 
without permits, making the permits 
worthless. Why is this happening? The 
reason seems to be that a system that is 
nor being enforced is easy to ignore. In 
order to enforce the system we need 
explanatory signs at the 1m entrances and 
clearly marked "Pennit On!>," spaces. It is 
essential that these markings, unlike the 
current markings, be visible at night. We 
feel that the signs need to be installed 

now while the space markings can be 
repainted at the time of the regularly 
scheduled re -striping. 

The system worked for two weeks, but 
without constant reminders, it soon 
became forgotten and ineffective. We 
think that implementing our suggestiOns 
will restore the system's effectiveness. 

Pam Angel 
Paul Dickstein 

Reina Robertson 
Barbara Manay 

Central Mesa NeiAhborhood 
Watch Block Captains 

Hedgecock'5 San Diego 
Editor: 

How do Mayor Roger Hedgecock's 
constituents spell relief? R-E-S-I-G-N. 
Despite the great dishonor Hedgecock 
has inflicted on America's finest city, he 
still intends on jealously holding the 
city's highest poSition of power, by hook 
or by crook. Such promotional 
organizations as the Chamber of 
Commerce and the Visitors Bureau have 
spent millions of dollars and years of 
effort polishing San Diego's image , only 
to have it perhaps permanently 
tarnished by unscrupulous businessmen 
and political hacks. Today thanks to 
Hedgecock in particular, San Diego is 
now known far and wide as "that sunny 
place full of shady people." And 
incred ibly on February 22 Hedgecock 
had the audacity to say "If I felt that it 
was hurting the city more to go on with 
this than to fight for the principles 
involved, I'd resign. But I feel JUSt the 

AVIAnON OPPORiUNITlES 
Make the break, try something different. PILOT, NAVIGATOR, 
MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT positions available, no 
experience necessary, Excellent pay-be1eftts pkg., world-wide 
travel. College Seniors and recent grads through age 34 (age 
varies by programl. 

Call TOLL FREE 
NAVAl MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS in Califomia 

1-8()(}222-6289 Secure your future today. 

Family Plann:Ing: 
a choice, a responsibility 

oonftd8lltial • prat •• tan.J • affordable 
·nJIJI~"", 
with results wh1le you walt 

• Unpla.nned pregna.ncy/ 
general or local anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological eX&XIlB 

rmi1 Family Planning 
Associates Medical Group 
San DIego 
6496 Alvarado Pod. 

(111) ""·1118 

--------

FE IN THE FAST 'ANE 

April 27 
SATURDAY, 
9 am to 4 pm 
Fee S12.00 

MAKES YOUR CAR VERY TIRED ••. ! 
A DO-IT-YOURSELF 

AUTOMOTIVE WORKSHOP 
Recognize quality work or do it 
yourself when your car needs repair. 
Basic engine tune-ups, automotive 
systems , repairs and general 
maintenance adds up to better 
mi leage for your carl 

( 

opposite now." agony. Such is the case here. 
For months the embattled, embittered 

mayor has fought in court to vindicate 
himself from the serious crimes a grand 
jury indicted him on and the district 
attorney's office is prosecuting him for. 
Hedgecock's criminal activity stems from 
the speCial mayoral election-runoff held 
between him and Democrat Maureen 
O'Connor in May 1983. Last month, of 
course, "~oger-the-Dodger" callie within 
a gnat's nasal hair of being convicted on 
the 14 felony offenses he is charged 
with, when a lone juror monkey-wrenched 
what should have been the easiest case of 
DA Edwin Miller and assistant Richard 
Huffman's illustrious careers. 

America's finest city deserves to have 
America's finest mayor presiding over it. 
And Hedgecock has proven quite clearly 
that he is wholly incompetent to fulfill 
that obligation. 

P~r Quercia 

Berkeley: 
It is significant too, that last year 

Hedgecock was pleading for a speedy 
trial. This year, as it appeared 
increasinl!;ly ~bable that he would 
be found gui ,he abrupdy reversed 
his tactics in avor of embracing the 
foor-dragging approach. Now with the 
court's decision to allow Hedgecock a 
new lawyer, a trial won't begin until 
August. Funhermore his whinings that 
his present legal mess is the result of a 
Copley Press-Edwin Miller-political 
enemies-conspiracy has proven 
ludicrous. In fact , the oppOSite is true . 
When Hedgecock was booked into city 
jail he was honored with all sons of 
special treatment unavailable to the 
genera I public. 

The Hedgecock affai\- can be 
compared to a lingering toothache. 
Often. the only way to relieve thaI 
toothache is to extract the particular 
rotten tooth which is causing so much 

Strike 3 
< CONTlNUED flOM PAGE 5 < 
continue tolerating this widespread "We-
don't-need-your-business· attitude, 
among those whose profits are so great 
they really don't care about attracting 
additional business? 

In 1984, the players said the hell with 
our fans and went on a prolonged strike 
for still more money and benefits, 
content their loyal fans would come 
crawling back after their avaricious 
demands were met. The most pathetic 
thing of all was their assumptions were 
borne out, as evidenced by this year's 
record pace of ticket salts. 

It is time disenfranchised spons fans 
express their displeasure with a system 
that is rife with greed from top to 
bottom, by doing exactly what the , 
players did last year-boycott the 
games. 

- PelEr Quercia 

Do You F •• 
Selective Service 

is ready even if you are not. 
Find out your legal rights & responsibilities 

with KathyGllberd, Military Task Force, Peterson 104,4/18,7:30 

(1\ B~~AC~W TI~ 
BElWEEN 1-5 .AND MISSION BAY DRIVE, AT GARNET 

A BRAND NEW 86 ROOM HOTEL 
5 MINUTES FROM UCSD, SEA WORLD & THE ZOO 

Al3-9800 or 1-1OC).623-3041 

r----------~OU~----------l 
I $45 ROOMS WITH COUPON I 
I (REG. $55 AND UP) I 
: . UMIT 2 PERSONS PER ROOM : 
I RATE APPLIES SUNDAY THRU THURSDAY I 
l_ - - - __ - - - - -C()lJ~. - - - - ___ - _-I 

lIIIl.lln / Scientists far 
ElVlra.ml.tll Positions 

Radian Corporation, one of the nation's leading en-
vironmental consulting firms, haslmmedlale open-
Ings for exceptional engineers and scientists with 
waste management or aIr pollution control interests. 
Opportunities exist In Radian's Los Angeles, 
Sacramento and Santa Barbara offices, Both regular 
and temporary positions are available for: 

ChemlcallClvll1 EnvIronmental Engineers; 
Geotechnical Englneers/Sclentlsts; 
Hydrogeologlsts; Analytical Chemists I 
TechnIcians; Environmental I Health 
Scientists; StatistIcIans/Data Manage-
ment Specialists 

Send resume, transcript and location preference to: 

RADIAN 10395 Old Placervil le Road 
C ... ~ .... 'I' •• II Sacramento, CA 95827 

An EQu.t Opportunity Empto)'t'r 

Thursday, Apnl 18, 1985 7 
N€"-lS 

.. . ... . ~.. .~ . ' : 

'Cal Review' wins 
preliminary injunction 
By DEBI COHEN 

U CSD'S CONSERVATIVE PAPER, the California Review, has won a preliminaty injunction in a suit 
against the University, according to CR 
senior editor C. Brandon Crocker. 

The CaUfornia RtvIcw's complaint 
consisted of two pans: (1) that the 
California Review did not have on-
campus office space as did all other 
campus papers, and (2) that the funding 
criteria by the Associated Students was 
unfair in that it was different for the 
Cal!prnia Review than it was for all other 
AS-subsidized papers. 

A judge decreed that the CalifOrnia 
Review should have office space for the 
duration of the school year. 

The Student Center Board had 
already allocated office space to the 
paper prior to the hearing. 

Lecturers 
( CONTINUED flOM PAGE l ( 
chancellors and the Academic Senates, 
Gregoty said. 

"1 found the letter to be in non-
compliance with my motion," Gregoty 
said after the hearing. "It's our feeling 
UC is in a state of educational crisis, 
This feeling is not shared." 

"That letter is not in full compliance 
with what the Senate asked for ," 
Geiogue told the Assembly 
subcommittee. 

Geiogue, who acts as 'the non-panisan 
advisor to legislative fIScal committees 
on education issues, said the Senate 
subcommittee might ask UC for 
clarification or funher action when it 
reconvenes UC budget hearings in May. 

Frazer said he was surprised by the 
comments of Gregory and Geiogue. "It's 

The California Review, however, did 
not win the second half of its suit, 
which claimed it was treated unfairly in 
the allocation of AS funding. 

The California Rev~'s complaint was 
that the AS had 'deducted the amount of 
its proposed earnings from the 
proposed media budget. CR proponents 
claim that they should have received 
roughly $700 more than what was 
allocated to them on the basis that they 
shouldn't be penalized simply because 
they have outside sources of income. 

judge Leland C. Nielsen ruled that the 
funding aDocated by the AS to the 
CalifOrnia RtvIcw was fair. 

Other campus papers with outside 
funding receive similar treatment. The 
Birdcage Review had 54,000 subtracted 
from its budget, and Sappho Speaks had 

news to me ," he told the Assembly 
panel. 

"I think I wrote exactly what I said I 
would," Frazer said after the hearing. 
"We always ask the campuses to study 
these reports .... A systemwide panel 
could come about later from that. To do 
that now would be putting the cart 
before the horse." 

Frazer was more supponive of 
Gregoty's proposed comparability study. 
which was referred to the Assembly 
Ways and Means Subcommittee on 
Employee Compensation. 

Gregoty said her proposed study 
would compare the earnings of UC 
lecturers with those at the same eight 
comparison institutions used for setting 
the salaries of tenured professors. 

These universities include Harvard, 
Yale, Cornell, the University of Michigan 
and the University of Wisconsin at 
Madison. A study of their salaries 
resulted in the proposed 8.8% hike UC 
is now pushing in the Legislarure. ~ 

"New York Style Pizza" ~O~ PIZZJto~~ 
Free Delivery 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Square 

La Jolla, California 

587-0700 

r - - - -COUPON - - - --
• FREE 4-P.k : 
• With purChase t!P · 
: of any large pizza • 
• Coke I . 
• Diet Coke One coupon • 

or T... per pizza • 
HOURS: Mon- Thurs, 5:00 pm . 10:00 pm • 

Fri-·Sat - Sun 5:00 pm to Midnight • - - - - - - - - - - - --. Coupon explr .. 4/ 25/ 85. 
We accept: Visa, Mastercard, American Express & checks, 

Student Pr.mlum· 553.00 
Spouw-566.25 
Chlldren·566.25 1..------per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW until AprIl 28 
--- Information and appIicorions en ovoil~ at __ _ 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452· 3300 
"*- nor.: Revised desalprive brochures art' 0II0i1obie a 
the Student Heatlh Center. The new broctues replace 0f't>I prior 
brochures describing the 1964-1985 UC5D 5rvdent Insurance 
Plan l.K1de!wrilten by Atlanta Intemorlonol Insurance Company 
under PelKy No. AH01965. Arry brodlure Ihot does nor hove 
the notation I\EV.DI\O.ED.9/64 AH01965 is no longer in effecr. 

$300 subtracted. The California Review 
projected an income of $3,700 for the 
1984-85 academic year. 

In 1985, the California Review has 
already exceeded its prOjected income. 
Last year its income was more than 
59,000. 

Ken Cariffe , AS commissioner of 
communications, stated , "We function 

as a springboard for news media. As it 
is, we barely have enough funding." 

The Cal~ornia Review plans to pursue 
its SUit against the UniverSity, though no 
date has been set for the trial. 

Crocker said, "We wiU cany the suit 
as far as we can." He declined to 
comment on the specifics of the 
California RfV~'S plans at this time. CJ 

Adam Scrotum, Betsy Breast 

Cancer Prevention 
, 

Month at UCSD 
By USA PAIKIN 

Cancer is a scary word and a serious 
disease. In correlation with the month 
of April as "Cancer Prevention Month" 
and the American Cancer Society'S 
designation of "Cancer Awareness 
Week," UCSD's Health Services is 
presenting a Cancer Exploratorium the 
week of April 22-26. 

"In essence ," according to janie 
Yuwiler of Student Health Services, "it is 
an outdoor health fair with an emphasis 
on cancer." 

Displays, speakers and pamphlets will 
highlight four particular areas: lung 
cancer, colorectal (colon and rectum) 
cancer, genital cancers ( including breast 
cancer, cervical cancer and testicular 
cancer) and skin cancer. Tables will be 
set up on the Revelle Plaza from 11 am-
2 pm on Monday, April 22, at MOM 
from 11-2 on Tuesday, April 23, and 
outside Peterson Hall from 11-2 on 
Thursday, April 25. 

Free lung capacity tests ale also 
planned. "For the genital cancers, well 
have models of the American Cancer 
Society's 'Betsy Breast' and 'Adam 
Scrotum,'" said Yuwiler. "Betsy Breast" 
was developed, added Yuwiler, · so you 
can feel what is a cancer lump, what is 
a rib, what is just muscular tissue , what 
is a non-cancerous lump, because one 
of the major ways of finding breast 
cancer is throul!;h self breast 

examination ... and by finding the 
cancer earlier, one has a greater chance 
of curing it." "Adam ScrOtum," a hands-
on model of a peniS and testicles, will 
teach men, on the same principle, how 
to detect cancerous lumps. Testicular 
cancer is of particular concern for 
college-age males because they fall in 
the highest risk age group. 

Three outside dermatologists have 
also volunteered to answer questions 
about skin cancer. On Monday, Dr. 
Richard Fitzparrick will be on campus; 
Tuesday, Dr. jonathan Feinberg; and 
Thursday, Dr. Nancy Satur. According to 
Yuwiler, "Skin cancer is a problem in 
this area, and this is something you can 
prevent .... Time your exposure (to the 
sun) and wear protection. There are 
other things you can do in terms of 
prevention, and there will be people 
there at the Exploratorium to talk about 
that." 

For more information, and to discuss 
questions about anything that has been 
presented during the week, a panel 
discussion moderated by Dr. Roben 
Daigneault from SHS will be held 
Thursday, April 25 , from 1-2 pm in the 
North Conference Room . Guest speakers 
are Dr. Mel Green, who has taught the 
Biology of Cancer course at UCSD in 
the past, and joseph Garcia from the 
American Cancer Society. ~ 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 

Laurie and Kathy 
Women $12, reg. $25 
Men $10, reg. $19 
For appointment. please call 457·2930. 
895u Villa La Jolla Ur .. SUite 2120, La Jolla 
(behind EI Torito & Hodeo · directly across t he ram p) 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 

~ 
.. _I N\ ut!l)()IIIJ/~m i · I" &!lou. 

o ~~ 
uc.s _.:.._-,,-, ...... PJI 

1.1 '0/',0< i 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
1l~1II!I.~!-~---------------------_.J.I ~r --ALL AMERICANMEAL ---:=r~ 
1IiII.!.!:I Quartu Pnumler ' with Cheek Large Fry \.! ~ 

- Medium-Site Soft Dri~k ' -"I 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

L llnlt lln~ (<lUPll!l per 
l:uswmer, pl'r ViSit I'kus<' 
pre scnl <.:llu plln whl' n 
ordenng Ot v~II<J w ith .111)' 
lIther "lIer 

t@l Good thru ,~ May 18, 1985 __ iii __ _ 

Cash value l / lO of I CC'm, II 

"Just $1.99 11 
(plus tax) II 

Only at: II 
7140 Miramar Rd. II 

anDielO~ 
--------- ~ 

-------

r I 



' ''' 

8 Thursday , Apnl 18, 1985 

Emerging Writers' Series 

Fotografias stood over him, talking with another lady. The negatives taken at age 12 were 
by far the most vivid; he would get 
goosebumps whenever he recalled them. 

By FRANCISCO CUEVAS 

DRIVING SOUTHBOUND 0 163, he passed by Sharp Memorial Hospital. QUickly, he 
turned 01I the car radio to mentally hear 
Gilbert O'Sullivan's "Alone Again, 
Naturally." He didn't want to think of 
the song, but it was no use trying to 
ignore it. It was there on that stretch of 
highway. It didn't matter if it was day or 
night when he crossed that stretch of 
highway; the song was there haunting 
him with his past whenever he drove 
through it. 

He pictured her. She was inside the 
building lying on a bed in a sterile 
room, her head almost completely 
shaven. She was 36 years old , but lying 
alone on the hosp ital bed she looked 
like a litlle girl , like a child unaware of 
her surroundings. 

* * * He remembered the summer of 12. 
The day he hit a grand slam during a 
crucial game; the news upon arrivi ng 
home- "Your mother IS sick, she's been 
taken to the hosp ital. Do you want to go 

thQ wrltgr'g 0 

visit her?" He certainly remembered that 
summer. He seemed to finally realize what 
was going on around him. He was going 
to junior high in September, and he was 
going to have his own locker. He 
remembered the horror of seeing her 
with her head shaven. The twisted 
crying on her face the day he and his 
sister brought her a wig. Then the 
relatives: tens of people gathered around 
her in the viSiting room. He walked 
away without anybody besides her 
noticing the lump in his throat, and the 
watery eyes. He took a mental . 
photograph of the wig scene. He also 
took one of the visiting room scene, 
along with every other one that occurred 
In the 12 years following the summer of 
12. 

At whim, he would review the long 
Strip of scenes one by one, like a roll of 
exposed negatives, usually beginning 
with the one of him at age two, lying on 
his back while playing on the floor of a 
boutique somewhere in Tijuana, looking 
straight up into a lady's dress as she 

There were a lot of scenes in his 
photographic memory. As a kid , 
building an underground fort in the hills 
across the street from his house with his 
three friends, and then camouflaging it 
with tumbleweeds so the surveillance 
planes would not spot it. The Boys' Club 
years of 13 through 18, when the board 
of directors used him as a token of 
success and inspiration to the other 
boys; when they handed him trophies 
as he stood in front of the social elite, 
flashbulbs flashing. But the photographs 
never showed the lump in his throat as 
he stood there-it was the same lump 
that was born in the visiting room at the 
hospital. He knew it was as the 
newspaper reporters photographed him 
while the Boys' Club preSident handed 
him trophies; while the Rotary Club 
board members handed him plaques 
and told him how well he was doing in 
school, though he knew he really hadn't 
worked very hard because he had 
something the other students did not-
a photographic memory. 

He remembered the new wave band 
he used to play in. So many people. 
And the supermarket where he used to 

The labors of our fruits 
By PHIL IAVDER 

I 'M SITTING HERE In my living room, my feet up on the dining room chair (my living room is also my dining 
room), contemplating the pain in my 
stomach. It is a rather dull pain, nOl violent 
but just there enough to get my attention . It 
is the dull pain of minor hunger. 

I do nOl wish to eat a real meal. Even 
if I did , 1 do not wish to fix a real meal , 
but that's another subject altogether. 

My eyes travel across the room and 
into the kitchen , where they encounter 
a wooden bowl full of fruit. My stomach 
smiles, my heart softens , and li fe is 
good. 

Fruit was a great invention. My 
compliments to the chef. Everybody 
doesn't like something, but nobody 
doesn 't like fru it. Fruit is the all-purpose 
food to appease the masses. They're 
good and good for you- the best thing 
to eat when you're low in energy. Or 
when you're lying around your living 
room contemplating a dull pain In your 
stomach. 

Most of us have one particular 
favorite fruit. Mine is the banana. 
Bananas are wonderful. The th ing I hke 
most about bananas is thei r package. It 
just doesn 't get any easier: zip , zip , zip, 
chomp. No compl icated peeling, no 
need to wash your disgusting hands. 
And when you're done, Just throw the 
peel on the floor so someone can trip 
and fall . 

Bananas are cheap, they're easy to 
use , they're clean , and they taste good-
not tOO sweet, not tOO bland . They aren't 
aCidic , which is good news fo r someone 
like me who gets cankersores in his 
mouth every other day. And they are 
high in potassium, which IS very 
important If you're low in potassium, 
whic h of course you wouldn't be if you 
ate bananas hke your momma told you. 

1 like bananas, but some people 
worship the things. A friend of mine 
eats five or six a day-every day. One 
steps very carefully when one enters his 
kitchen-or living room , or bedroom, or 
bathroom .... If Central America ever 
goes on strike, this man is history. Five 
or six a day-that'S a whole lot of 
potassium. I don't know anyone who 
gets fanatic with other fruits . Who eats 
five or six pineapples or watermelons a 
da)'? 

I've always had one question about 
bananas, though : Those strings, are they 

ripping its skin off. Then I would try to 
split open the bruised and tom result, 
and I would crush the thing even more 
and acidic juice would spray onto my 
clothes and into my eyes, and I would 
get angry and hand the mess to my 
rowdy friend, who would stand up and 
splat the thing against the auditorium 
wall and laugh a lot. 

I am beyond that now. Peeling 
oranges has become a game. I always try 
to get the peel off in one piece, one 
long spiral piece of art to proudly 
display to my friends and relatives. 

I've always had one question about bananas, 
though: Those strings, are they part of the banana, 
or part of the peel? Nobody eats the peel, so if they 
are part of the peel, then I've been screwing up for 
many a year, and I'm upset. 
part of the banana, or part o f the peel? 
Nobody eats the peel, so if they are part 
of the peel, then I've been screwing up 
for many a year, and I'm upset. 

Next on the hit parade for me is 
apples and oranges. Why do we always 
group apples and oranges together? 
They don 't look alike , they do n't taste 
alike , they don't wo rk alike - what is the 
deal? 

Oranges are muc h more dynamic 
than apples, with a vibrant-colored 
outside and a tangy sweet Ins ide. But 
you have to peel the damn things. What 
a pain . I used to dread peeling my 
oranges when I took them to school 
back in sixth grade . I had these small 
things with thin peels, and the fruit 
would always be mushy like a 
marshmallow by the time I was through 

look, see, this is what I can do-take 
that. After I have displayed my artwork, 
I'm usually nOl quite sure where to put 
it , but many people offer me their kind 
suggestions. I have not tried them yet, 
however. 

Apples are good too. I am nOt a big 
fan of mushy apples; what they lack in 
firmness they make up for In lack of 
flavor. The best apples are firm and 
tart- and unbruised . Bruises suck. I 
spend several minute~ in the store when 
I am buying apples , feeling each fruit for 
soft spots and rejecting anything with 
any hint of brown. Then I throw the 
good ones into a plastic bag, which gets 
tossed into a brown bag at the checkout, 
whIch gets hurled into my car and 
thrown onto my kitchen counter, and I 
can't understand where those bruises 

run food over scanners. The people 
were therapy for his inner loneliness 
since that doomed summer. The 
photographers at the nightclub 
performances allowed him to step out 
for a moment and look at himself as a 
total stranger. He became confused. 

for four years a blonde girl protected 
him, shielded him from his past. They 
were J)'!rfect for each other-she was 
born in Barstow. He had a picrure in 
his mind of a neighborhood he had seen 
as he was leaving Barstow, along 1-15 on 
his way to Las Vegas. It looked a lot like 
Tijuana where he was born. He would 
tease her. about being born in Barstow, 
saying that it looked exactly like 
Tijuana. They went to a LaJoila 
university together, they took pictures 
together, until they split up .... 

* * * He was awakened; as he was driving 
southbound on 163 he was awakened . 
The lump in his throat was now there, 
choking him as he drove along listening 
to the song that lived in that stretch of 
highway. His eyes were burning and 
wet, as if somebody was continuously 
photographing him with a very bright 
flash . In his mind he was standing on 
the hood of the moving car looking in 
at himself, alone, crying; a child drivin.s.. 
southbound on 163. Ii:II 

come from when I go to to eat my 
apple. 

Peaches, apricots and nectarines are 
also good when they aren't bruised-
and really lousy when they are . There's 
something about the skin of peaches-
the proverbial peach fuzz-that does 
strange things to my mouth. I react the 
way most people do when they hear 
fingernails on the chalkboard, and a chill 
surges down my spine. That's a shame, too, 
because I like the damn things. 

Melons are great. Melons are messy, 
tOO, but they're great. Ask the people 
who drop them off seven-story 
buildings. They're great. 

The only berries one sees eaten with 
any regularity are strawberries. which 
are fairly fabulous fellows. Berries are 
found more often in the form of flavor 
rather than in their natural state. 
Raspberry, blueberry, boysenberry, and 
blackberry make great yogurt flavors and . 
great pies , too, but at 49¢ a berry they 
aren't tOO economical. 

I could spend a few hours going 
through all the various fruits around, but 
we all have better things to do, don't 
we? Allow me to mention just one more 
group of fruits that intrigues me and, by 
extension , certainly must thrill you too: 
exotic fruits . By exotic I mean , well , 
exotic-you know, papayas, mangos, 
pomegranates, kiwis , passionfruit, 
casaba melons , quince , guavas, loquats, 
crab apples, litchis, that sort of thing. 
Exotic. I have no idea what a quince or 
passion fruit looks or tastes like; the 
lauer sounds very intriguing, and I'd like 
to try it someday (soon). Kiwis are the 
weirdest fruits I've ever seen. Way 
weird . Fuzzy on the outSide, fuzzy on 
the inside, looks weird , smells weird, 
tastes weird , is weird. Weird. 

I think I'm done. Bye, ~ 

Emerging Writers' Series 

Bough breaks 
By TANYA MNA THOMAS 

M y MOTHER WAS A GENTLE willowy Australian descended from a race of shepherds 
attuned to the slow change of seasons 
and the faint bleating of sheep. She was 
on her honeymoon in Greece when 
John Kennedy ~s assassinated . 

Her solid, precise husband held her 
hand and made careful architectural 
observations as they climbed a steep 
street. Rounding a comer they were 
stunned into silence by the white glitter 

of the village below. The hot air of 
midday was as still as a held breath . 

They heard a disorganized murmur, 
rising from below, and suddenly the 
townspeople rushed out of the taverns 
into the dusty thoroughfare . Crowds of 
women wrapped In bTack shawls 
clutched each other and moaned open-
mouthed into the sky. Kennedy had 
been their great hope. 

My mother was astonished and 
terrified by the inexplicable scene over 

ilr 

WE'RE WAITING 

Bowling is one of America's most popular sportS. At UCSD it is no different. 
Every Sunday night In the Winter Quarter UCSD students invaded the 
Clairemont Lanes. 
Pictured is this year's champions We're Waiting. I guess the waiting's now 
ove r for them as they swept through the playoffs undefeated. I hear their next 
match is bemg arranged against the Miller Lite All-Stars. They don't have a 
chance against We're Waiting. 

which they looked . As she watched the 
black figures rushing around in the 
noon glare and raising their clenched 
hands in pitiful supplications, she truly 
believed (with an old, childlike 
credulousness) that the end of the world 
had come and caught her unawares. She 
was utterly unprepared for the 
Apocalypse . The flowery days of her 
married life were just beginning and she 
looked forward in anticipation of her 

Thursday, April 18, 1985 9 

fruitful motherhood. She threw herself 
with a petrified cry into her husband's 
stocky arms, unconscious and heavy as 
a laden branch snapped from a tree. 

Even today she wears a startled and 
uneasy expression , and carries herself 
with a self-consciousness born of frailty. 
Her children were all born pale and 
listless, timidly raising weakly clenched 
fi sts in the air to protest the Doctor's 
blows. Il:3 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, in cooperation with the 
National Center for Paralegal Training, offers an intensive 
14 or 36 week LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. This 
Program will enable you to put your education to work as 
a skilled member of the legal team. 

• Spec .. It ... onered In the followIng flelcR: 
Generalist (Evenings only) Estates, irusts & Wills 
Litigation Corporations & Real Estate 

• ABA Approved 
• tntemlhlp 
• Employment ..... t.nce 

For a Ir" brochure about this c.reer opportunity call 
(1119) 280-4579 or mall the coupon below to: 

t Unl\e r .. lly d O &In Drego (8) Lawyer's Assistant Prolrlm 

_ _ ______ State _ __ _ 

SYmrM' Olr 1_ 
June 3 - Augu" 30 

[] Phone ___ _ __ _ 

O SPring Olr 1_ February 3 - May 16 
O SPring E_ing 1_ FeorU1'Y 25 - NOYeITIr.t' 18 

The UniYer.lty of San Diego does not dlKriminale on the basis of 
race, ".'. color, ,8190". age, natlOna' origin, anentry, Of handicap 
in rc. poUe ... and Pfow.ma. 

If you're thinking of 
a professional career 

this seminar is for you. 
The Warren Faculty Fellows Program 

presents a seminar on the 

-hnpact of WOlllen 
on the Professions-

Today, Thursdav, April 18 
8-10 pm 

Warren Apartment Commons 

-Guest panelists-
Maureen O'Connor 

Former San Diego Democtratic Party Ma)lOl'al Candidate 
Melinda Lassiter 

President, San Diego Chaprer, American Bar Association 

Officer Katherine Blakeney 
UCSD Police Department 
Carol Giesecke 

Chief Execu ive Officer, Enter Computers 

Everyone welcome 
Refreshments provided 



" 

10 Thursday, Apnl 18, 1985 

Ruggers descend on Santa Barbara 

Rucking Amuck 

By ALICIA AGOS, Sports Editor 

T HE BUS RIDE UP is almost a stol)' in itself. Last Friday, 3 I UCSD rugby players packed 
themselves, their coach and a generous 
supply of beer into a Santa Barbara-
bound bus. They wound their way up 
the scenic coast, singing, dri nking and 
psychmg themselves up for TWO days of 
rugby, rugby and more rugby. 

"Rugby kmd of takes over Santa 
Barbara," said club president Mark 
Rousseau, who has been a pamctpant m 
three of the 20 Santa Barbara 
Tournaments held Rugby does take over 
the coastal and festive anta Barbara 
branch of the UC system. I know. I've 
seen It. There are ten rugby fields filled 
WIth young rugby players, old rugby 
players, beat-up rugby players, sleeping 
rugby players .. . It's amazing, but a lot 
of fun. 

Lookmg vel)' sharp-clad In thetr long-
awalled, authentically ew Zealand 
rugby shms, the Tritons posted a 
somewhat respectable record of 2-3 on 
the weekend. Some strong come-from-
behmd character was shown by UCSD 
in the games against Gonzaga and Santa 
Clara , as the team scored close vlcwnes 
in both games 

An incredible amount of rugby gets 
packed IntO the dayhght hours on 
Saturday and Sunday of the tournament. 
The firs t games of each day are 
scheduled for the harshly early hour of 
7 am. At that hour, there are a lot of 
bleal)'-eyed players and coaches, but not 

too many spectators . Things get busier 
as the sun gets stronger. 

The Tritons seemed to put things 
together during this tournament, playing 
smoothly and steadily as the subs went 
in and out. Santa Clara's game was stuck 
at an 8-8 tie until Rick Guardino drop-
kicked UCSD w vicwl)' in overtime. 

Rousseau commented , "People were 
more united this year. The older guys 
gOt along with the new guys. There were 
a lot of new players thIS year who were 
really enthusiasti and willing w learn ." 

Late Sunday afternoon, the ruggers 
collected their coach, their beer and 
themselves. piled into the bus and hit 
the road for home. It was on this 
journey that elections for the 1985-86 
offices were held . Todd Clyde is now 
the proud occupIer of the office of the 
president, Josh Weil will act as vice 
preSIdent, Ted K. Chough I will repeat 
hi's duties as secretary-ueasurer, Brian 
Sunkel is equIpment manager, and 
Rousseau, now a lame-duck president, 
has been entrusted the responsibilities 
of song leading 

Club sports are usually poor, and 
rugby is no exception . Thts club has, 
however, managed to raise some money 
this season and, with a few more 
fundra isers, hopes to pay a $1,000 
salary to coac h Tom Butler. Butler, said 
Rousseau, "doesn't want to see rugby die 
here. This is the best year of rugby I've 
played here. Tom is encouraged by that 
and he thinks the program has 
potenttal. 

"I thmk elections went well. People 
took them seriously. They're a 
responsible group of guys, and I think 
they'll work well together." ~ 

The hackers from UCSD. including PaUl Herr (above), got some cxpenence (but also a 
coup/t de/tars) th IS past weekend. 

The UCSD rugby team played Its first game of the Santa Barbara Tournament against the old boys. 

The drowning pool 
By DUNCAN MILLAR 
"I THINK WE MISS Janell vel)' 

much," UCSD water polo coach 
Denny Harper 

exclaimed after the first of three losses 
at the Triton/ Sunset Invitational last 
weekend at the Canyonview pool. 

JaneU Lowe, UCSD's leading scorer 
through the first four games of the 1985 
season , nursed tom ligaments in her 
nght shoulder as her teammates lost to 
club teams from ewport Beach, Santa 
Barbara and Commerce en route to a 
last-place finish in the si x-team field . 

The Tritons started against Newport, 
which boasts several national team 
players, and lost 12-3. Newport opened 
methodically with a 3-0 lead before 
Karin Givens drew a kick-out which led 
to a goal by Michelle Carroll . However, 
Newport, scored three more goals within 
a two-minute span, all on counter-a ttack 
opporrunities, to lead 6-1 at halftime. 

In the second half, the Stol)' was 
much the same. Newport continued to 
dominate wtth a strong pressure defense 
and relentless counter-attack which 
accounted for five goals in the game. 
Newport's defense was anchored by 
national team goalie Sue Perkins. On 
offense, national teammate Debbie Witt 
put in three goals. 

An hour and a half later, UCSD was 

back in the pool against Santa Barbara, 
who had defeated the Tritons the 
previous week in Isla Vista 9-3. While 
UCSD matched up better phYSically 
against the Guachos than against 
Newport, the results were not too 
different. UCSB, playing its first game of 
the day, quickly opened up a 6-0 lead. 
San Diego made an attempt to get back 
10 the game with goals by Karin Kalk 
and Karen Bregman, but Santa Bamara 
regained momentum and cruised to an 
11-4 win . 

With that loss , the Tritons failed to 
qualify for the championship round , 
and were left to tl)' to salvage the 
weekend against Commerce in the fifth-
place game. But once again, UCSD faced 
a more experienced , more aggreSSive 
team which pushed to a halftime lead of 
3-1, stretched the advantage to 6-1 , and 
hung on for a 7-3 win. It appeared that 
the Tritons would make a run at 
Commerce when Allison Shoenfleld and 
Bregman scored back-to-back goals with 
3:40 left in the game, but a turnover and 
a counter-attack goal by Commerce 
ended UCSD's hopes. 

So a long day of water polo was over. 
Hackers of Long Beach and Newport 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 11 ) 

< CONTlNUED FROM PAGE 10( 
tied in the championship game, 4-4. 
Finishing third was Sunset San Diego, 
followed by Santa Barbara , Commerce 
and UCSD, which dropped w 2-5 on 
the season. 

Several rlayers voiced concern over 
the loss 0 Lowe, who may be Out for as 
long as three weeks. "I'm frustrated," 
said Givens, who was literally pounded 
all day long at TWO meters. "It's mentally 
hard without her." "She's our 
communicator," added Annie Gayle. 
Bregman stated that the loss of Lowe 

will foree the squad to not rely only on 
one person , but to depend on the team 
as a whole. Whether this is true or not, 
the Triwns will definitely be glad w 
have Lowe, her leadership and her 
scoring threat return. 

While the defeats obviously hurt the 
team's pride, the competition marked 
experience gained which, as the season 
progresses, will benefit them. Bregman, 
Shoen field and Givens all related the 
positive aspects of the tournament. All 
felt that the team improved and that , in 
the face of strong competition, is 
important. 

The Tritons travel to Palo Alto this 
weekend for the Stanford Tournament. 
On Wednesday, April 24 at " pm they 
will host Pomona Pitzer College at the 
Canyonview pool. ~ 

Thursday, April 18, i985 11 

The UCSD women 's water polo team caught a rare moment out of the pool. 

Durante's 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by reg,stered. protesSlOnOI elecfroiog,.ts 

WOMEN.MEN ~ 
Gentle Treatment , 
Air Desensitizing 
• Medical ApPfO\led 
• CoIIIOl'nlo licen MId 
• Tax Deductible 
AlEE CONSULTAnON 
doys-evenlng5-Saturday~ J 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROLYSIS CLINICS 

LAJOUA 

1464-12421 
1'1110 Villa La .lotio il<1¥. 
Lo JoIlo 11111_ "'01. elf 

IAl.IOA PARI( 

1589-9050 1 
_AYe. 

6111 AYe. _ CIt. 

5 & 10 
RENT-A-CAR 

• STUDENTS. STAFF • 
• FACULTY. 

WELCOME 
QUALITY 

PRE-OWNED CARS 
CREDlTCARD 

-OR-
CASH 

CALL TODAY FOR INFO. 
280 .. 9336 

cAMSTERDAM 
~ LONDON 
WNDON .. " .. $(;49 

NON ,TOP 7<7 

AMSTERDAM ... $(;75· 
IlIREC'T IlC 10 

Into WNOON, s 00 
Out of AMSTERDAM, , 7 
Into AMSTERDAM, 
Out of WNOON , .. ,5700 

• 

-



Claalfted adwrtlslng space Is sold In 
100-chanlcter Increments. Each 
letter, pw1ctuatlon mark and space 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two characten. The rate 
Is $1 per 100 charatten for s1Udents 
and S3 per 100 characten for non-
s1Udents. You must come by the o,"ce 
or mall In )'Our ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursdays paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Violin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457~671. (6/61 
AM.E.S. Professor Alan Schneider will 
speak on and discuss A SYSTEMS 
APPROACH IN BIOMEDICAL 
MODELING & OTHER APPLICATIONS 
IN SYSTEMS SCIENCE. This Friday, April 
19, at Noon in the New Warren 
Apartments Commons Lounge. This talk 
is part of the Warren College Friday 
Faculty-Student Hour . Light 
refreshments. All welcome. (4/181 
91X internshIps involving market 
research and stats are avilable 
immediatelyl Call ASIO for info-452-
4689. (4/181 
The SDSU Foundation has part-time 
poSitions for contract work at Nervy R&D 
labs at Pt. Loma. Need computer science, 
engineering, phYSiCS, psychology 
majors. Must be upper division or grad 
student enrolled full time and US citizen. 
56.20/hr. Apply 204 Admin. Complex, 
Student Employment Office 452-4200. 
(4/181 
Third College Cultural Celebration 
needs volunteer models for International 
Fashion Show. Contact Res. Dean's Off. 
at x4340 tJy 4/24. (4/221 
Ongoing Gestalt Therapy Workshop for 
making video demo tapes now forming. 
A personal growth opportunity. Led by 
T A Munson MD. First session on Th. 
May 2nd, 7-10 p.m. La Jolla Area. No fee. 
459-8715 or 454-2321. (4/221 
love to act but haven't gotten the 
chance 7 Well here it isl The Comm. Dept. 
is presenting theater pieces for the 
Undergrad Arts Fest & \Ne want you to 
be the starl At MCC 105. No exper. req. 
(4/181 

iIIIIIH~IIJ 1 
Smitt1-Corona electric typewriter. Hardly 
used for only SI00. Call 45<H>171. (4/181 
Now's }Our chance to learn how to 
windsurf. 2 sailboards for sale. S375 or 
best off~r. Call 483-2337, ask for Paul, 
leave a message. (4/181 
Adorable animal rubber stamps. Cats, 
kittens, ~ars, pandas, birds, penguins, 
unicorns, ~. etc. I Free catalogl Send 
5.A.S.E. /.391 to: Critter Car~ C~~r, P.O. 
Box 77, Solana Beach, CA 92075. (4/29) 
Wanna see MADONNA 7 call 453-
0856, ask for BILL (4/18) 

Hewl~tt Packard 41-CV with 
recharg~abIe batt~ry pack. S70 or best 
offer. Evenings 455-5839. (4/18) 

Must sell: Great tri-fin surfboard; 6-foot 
"Shred-Craft." See to appreciate. Call 
anytime 453-3907. /4/18/ 

Nordica GPX ski boots sz. 8. Top of the 
radng line. New S300, skied once SI00. 
457-0724. (4/181 
'65 \IS Bug, engine only 3 years old, runs 
strong, clutch needs work. S700 OBO. 
481-6571. (4/181 
Tennis racquets. Prince Graphite S125. 
Head Graphite Edge saO. Demay 
Graphite Borg 560. All 4-1/2" grips and 
in good condition. 457~724. (4/181 
Selling MADONNA tickets; two left; call 
Mike 453-6059. (4/181 
Ufe Nature Ubrary, 25 volumes: S40; 
History Ubrary: S35; more; call for price 
list: 58~168. (4/18/ 
Portable computer w/amber screen, 2 
disk drives, modem, printer, complete 
set of software. S1300 or best offer. Ask 
for Giorgio at 259-8708. (4/18/ 
Typewriter-Olivetti Lettera 35, two 
color portable. Excellent condition. Call 
John 452-6164. (4/18/ 
1980 Puch Moped. Approx. 3,400 mi. 
Excellent condo S300. 299-0356. Matt. 
(4/251 
Topo'Iine A/WA 50Wamp& tuneringrt 
condo Must see & hear to appreciate. 
Mom or ngt 453-1785 Stu. (4/181 
Portable stereo-Sanyo C4. Min i 
component, V. powerfu l -graphic 
equalizer-like new. Cost orig. S170 
(receipt). Only SI00. Call John 452-6164. 
(4/181 

1ff6HfIIIIIIII 
WANTED CAMP COUNSELOR: North 
County Branch Jewish Community 
Center. Call Pam, 944~640. (4/251 
Wanted: Talented people to write or 
illustrate for the Guardian. Call 452-
6580. (6/61 
Wanted: Subjects to participate in 
perception experiment Should have 
good eyesight and speak English as a 
first language. Call Richard Batchat453-
4100 ext. 548 betwe~ 10 and 2. Pay is 
S5. (4/181 
Wanted: Nature Director for B.SA. 
Summer Camp. Bio Majors preferred. 
Call Dave 278-3899. (4/22/ 

La Jolla Playx>use needs summer 
housing: Sublets, rentals, roommates. 
Agreements signed. Call Carol 452-
6760. (6/61 
Roommate wanted to share 2 bedroom 
South Mesa apt. Non-smoking medical 
or graduate student only. S215/mo. & V2 
electricity. Availab~ April 26. Call Rob at 
755-1836. (4/18/ 
House want~. 2 PhD's w/excellent 
references. Coastal a~a. reasonabl~ 
price. Please call 755-7092. /4/18) 
Housemate wanted for large house In 
UC. Own room. Wa~r & trash paid. 
Laundry fadlities & microwave available. 
4-5 miles from school. S235/mo. CI~an, 

non-smok~rs only. Call Jim at 453-1997. 
~ase leave messa~. /4/18/ 
Roomma~ sought to share 3 BR condo 
with St~inway grand off Gilman. Oui~t. 
male non-smok~r, pref~r grad. studMt. 
Call 450-9583 or 452-6187. (4/181 

Top Drawer Secretarial reports, resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word 
processing. Diane 481-4160. (6/61 
TYPING/\XIORD PROCESSING: many 
type styles to choos~ from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery, quality 'M>rk, FAST/II 
S2/page (double spaced). Call 
Interactive Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
(6/61 
Super typing, IBM. spelling corrected, 
reasonable rate, rush job, 16 yrs exp., 
near UCSO, call Fery 452-1393. (4/181 
Racket Stringing and Grips-Low prices, 
24-hr. servic~. Call Andy at 458-9269. 
(5/161 
Typing : IBM/rush jobs/editing/fast, 
professional results . 453-0656 or 296-
7333 Shari. (6/61 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & ~I~r. Andy 
Laurence 279-8056. (6/61 
TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all 
}Our typing needs call Barbara at 454-
7624. Rushjobs accept~. (4/18/ 
TYPING EXPRESS: Fast service/quality 
work/affordable rates" 483-2889. 
(4/181 
PROFESSIONAL TYPING available thru 
Kinko's Copies, conveniently located in 
Ralph's/ Sav-On shopping Center. 24 
hour service available. Call 457-3775 for 
details. (4/291 
Cruiseship Jobs7 Cruiseship work book. 
Send S5 to: O'Rourke Ent. Dept. D, P.O . 
Box 14383, SB, CA 93107. (4/25) 
Mobile Auto Med1anic. low stud~t 
rates. Experienced. Call Rick on campus 
daily 753-6100. (4/18) 

3rd College Cutural Celebration needs 
volunteer models for international 
fashion show. Contact Res. Dean's Off. 
by 4/24. /4/221 
Insurance Warl We'll beat any price or 
we don't want your business. Tickets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/stud~t discounts: all \Nelcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSD Plan. 
15/16/ 
LookiQg for a career in mod~/ing7 

Third COIIeg~ Fashion Show is a good 
place to start. Sign up in the Res. 
Dean's Off. by 4/24. This could ~ the 
beginning of a promiSing care~r for 
}Oul (4/22/ 
Party Timel Looking forward to seeing all 

~ Gr~~ks at Friday's Gr~k Row Partyl 
See}Ou ~rel AOlls. /4/18) 
Hey Z~-You ~r watch out. ~ 
Gammas a~ her~ and ~ a~ strong. 
AtfKtiona~Iy, ~ P-300·s. /4/18} 
Male UCSD stud~nt looking for 
companionship. N~ ~ to have 
fun and ~njoy my nonstudying hours 
with. I am shy but get along very well 
with people I know. I am 6 feet tall, 
blond hairM, brown ~ and active in 
sports. I ~joy dollar night. dancing and 
~ating out. I don't smok~ or do ~avy 
drugs. Contact ~ at PO Box 16163, La 
Jolla, CA 92037. /4/18} 

Congratulations to the Sigma Nu p/~ 
class: Chris, Petro Jon, Paul. Diem, PO. 

W~Icome to our fra~rnity. (4/181 
DG EIa}'1e Fowler, Your cousin Brad 
says "Hi." He's a really funny guyl 
Someone from Sacto. (4/181 
Sun loving male seeks other swim-suit 
optJonal males for day sailing on 41 ft. 
sailboat. Sill 560-6877. (4/251 
Massage: Relieve stress, sooth 
athletically tired muscles . Free 
Introductory Off~r. Tim 560-2998. 
(4/251 
Scampi-I think we could hatch that 
eggl Mushroomman. (4/181 
Larry D.-Just want to welcome you 
aboard. I'm psyched about beng your 
big brol I hope you ~joy biking I Ed 
(4/18) 
Congrats ZBT Gamma pledge classl All 
the guys are looking forward to an 

excell~nt fun-fil~ quart~ with you 
guys. You'r~ HOT! (4/18/ 
TOM HAW POOR TOM HAllI Don't 
'M>rry. Tom. Getting herpes at a Model 
U.N. conference isn't the end of the 
'M>rId. Bob Schwartz. GA /4/181 

*Thank You UCSO* For your help in the 
T1<E-MS T~ter Totter Marathon. This 
~ar we raised aver S3500.oo. See you 

~xt year. (4/181 
STUDENTSI Read "The Coming of the 
Lord," by R.K. Cam~II. For m copy 
send address to John Massey, PO Box 
12584, San [)j~, CA 92112. /4/181 
AttentJon Student now enrolled in 
English Ut 132 or Biology I: If}Ou have an 
averall GPA of 3.0 or better, you may be 
eligible for a paid notetaker position to 
assist a disab~ studMt. Contact: Laura 
Chipps, Disabled Student Services, 452-
4382. /4/18/ 
Mal)' thanks to tt1c:R \Nho have been 
friendly and kind, to those VIIho 
appreciate good servic~, to thas~ VIIho 
wrote letters on my behalf, to thas~ VIIho 
did not st~al my bike. unlocked for 8 
years, to Tina, and to all who value a 
good show. Good-bye Steve-AVo 
(4/181 
Congrats to AOlI's newest initatiates-
lori, Andi, Pam, Dawn, Nancy. LDre~i, 
Sherry, Sharolyn, Laura & Joan~II /4/181 

Found: Last quarter in USB. A gold ring. 
call Kim at 455-0949 to identify. (4/181 
Two gold rings left in 3rd college 
restroom during finals week. Please 
return if found-gr~at s~ntimental 
value. Kelly 481-6571. 14/22/ 

lost. 8ro\Nrlleather jacket Tuesday night 
April 9 in front of the Ubrary or at Surf 
Club rTftting. Please call with any 
information. Da\Ad 455-0510. /4/22) 
Found: watch outside of USB2722 on 
4/9/85. Call to Identify. 453-0179. 
/4/18} 
lost: 4/16/85, beige, wool cardigan 
swea~. ~~ ~rn to EDNA or call 
755-7752. G~at sentimental va~. 
/4/25/ 
Lost: In Revelle Defi. Black and whit~ 
Adldas s~at jack~t last ~~. call 

T~IU 453-2196. (4/22) 
lost: Paperback book at APM2113 Mon. 
(4/15/ morning. It was Stephen R. 
Donaldson's \IChII~ Gold Wielder. My 
na~ is on the ftrst page. Please call 
Doug at 452-7992. /4/25) 



An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 
Vol. 9. No.3 April 11. 1915 

What is it I iI~e to be a 

eno ado 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

AAociate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributina &liton 
ETHAN FEERST, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU. 

JAM~ RALPH' p~ 
Staff 

MIKE A,HN, RODDY 
B0UAWA, ANDREA 

HARMON, KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC , JOHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Advenillns: 452-3466 

Hiatus is publisht:d I!wry 
Thursday of th~ academic ye:ar 
as a suppleme:nt to rh~ UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Re:producHon 
or uSt: without written 
po:rmission of any portion of 
this magazine IS a no-no. We 
wdcome unsolicited ldt~rs. 
manuscripts, and artwork, but 
assume: no responsibility for 
tht! r!!turn of such . &nJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016 , Lu Jolla, CA. 92093 

Kim 98 tr UCSD University 

• 

Contents 
Cover: Starlet spotlight on 
the marvelous Madonna as 
she waltzes through two 
moview and two albums, 
squirming and sprawling her 
way to the top. See page 3. 

BiS Week . . . . . . . .. paae 4 
University Events brightens 

up next week with a concert by 
trumpeter supreme Wynton 
Marsalis and a lecture by long 
time writer artiste Kurt 
Vonnegut. 

91X .............. pqe 5 
A touching eulogy for 91X's 

recently cancelled show, 
"Adventures with Paradise," 
the ongoing saga of the beat 
generation, prings tears to our 
ears. 

Goings On ••• page 7 

CarulO ••• page 7 

This Hiatus is dedicated to Kurt Glwdy 

tvenl5 OffIce welcomes 

APRIL l', Tuesday, 8:00 P.I'I. 
I'IAND[VlUL AUDITORlUI'I 

GoA. $15.00, UCSD ST. $10.00 
• 

Umousines COUrtesy of WXVRY UNOOSlrlf.S UNITf:D 
@TlCKETPtDN ' ~~....,...... ~ UCSD BOX Offla: 4~1-45~9 

2 HiatIU April 18, 1985 

Post-Poem 

The signs speak 
a different language: 
That is their right 
We have relied too much 
on their ambiguity, 

Now we are insulted 
and silent. Once again 

we sit tight 
on strange seats and wallow 
resignedly in mountains of paper. Much 
rhymes again, 

which a few years ago seemed 
to us misspoken. 

by Michael Krueger 
tTanslated by M. Ludke's German Poetry Class 

Translation of this poem was given as an assignment in Professor 
Ludke's German poetry class to 30 students. They combined their 
interpretations to be faithful to the original piece. 

Coming to 
the defense 
of Madonna 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 
"Madonna makes it very difficult 

for people to take women seriously. 
But 1 love the record" (Oo'Oo's 
serious drummer Oina Schock, on 
Madonna) . . 

However much one is a fan of the 
Madonna, it is hard to argue with 
Schock's statement (All I would say 
is, a couple of stand~ut cuts aside, 
Maddy's debut is not an especially 
impressive album). By the same 
token, though, couldn't it be said 
that Prince, no matter how much one 
is a fan of Purple Rain (the album), 
makes it equally difficult for people 
to take men seriously? 

Still, the Madonna's coy Boy Toy 
ploy can be rather troublesome, if 
you take it at all seriously. I, for one, 
don't see how anyone can, given the 
ridiculousness of her video-
projected image. For starters, her 
video for "Lucky Star," a rather 

roman~ic song in a kindergarten sort 
of a way, shows her engaging in some 
of the most ludicrous modern 
"dancing" imaginable, rolling on the 
floor and pouting shamelessly 
(Obviously, the Madonna doesn't 
subscribe to the maxim of [genuine] 
sex-throb Debra Winger, that 
"Obvious is not sexy"). Sillier still is 
the one for "Like a Virgin," which 
musically has "hit" (or some very 
similar word) written all over it, even 
if its best "line" is Maddy's giggled 
"Hey!"-just as the best utterance in 
"Lucky Star" is her pouted 
"yeah ... " (John Fogerty, no 
Madonna fan he, deemed "Virgin" 
"hot," but John Hiatt insisted that 
its composers be put in "songwriter 
jail"-which hardly seems 
necessary, since they are already 
prisoners to the cliche). 

Hiatw' lawr dUc04ler')l Madonna Louise Ciccone doing what she does Mr. 

And the film's not bad either 

Anyway, in the video the 
Madonna is exploring the love canals 
(the video's pun, not mine) of 
Venice (the one in Italy, MTV Vjs 
had to tell viewers), cavorting with 
lions-she does have a nicely leonine 
pride in her stride-and only 
achieving true spontaneity when, 
having seemingly exhausted all her 
patent~ Madonna shtick, she jumps 
up in the boat and executesajoyeous 
sort of shimmy (in slow motion, of 
course). 

By RONAHU 
It's unfortunate that Desperately 

Seeking Susan is being billed as the 
Madonna Movie-unfortunate, 
because in doing so, Orion Pictures 
is losing a large potential audience 
that would have enjoyed it. Herds of 
lace-scarved, ratty-haired, gum-
chewing Madonna-wannas in 
fingerless gloves and fishnet need no 
further encouragement to see their 
idol; they may even be disappointed, 
because the Maligned Miss M is not 
the real star of the film. But for 
people who cringe at the thought of 
two hours of pouting and preening 
(and who are not particularly 
comforted by the fact that the real 
star, Rosanna Arquette, was the 
inspiration for a hit Toto song), be 
assured that this is not an extended 
rock video. Desperatley Seeking Susan 
is actually a funny and entertaining, 
altogether enjoyable way of spending 
a Tuesday Dollar Night. 

Rosanna Arquetre plays Roberta, 
a New jersey housewife who aVidly 
reads the personals while getting her 
hair done. Her favorite classified 
involves a couple of wanderers, jim 
and Susan, who keep in touch across 
the country with ads in the Daily 
MirTO!'. Bored with being a beautiful 
wife in a beautiful house, Roberta 

UCSD Thedtn prat.us-----------------, 
The Wtst COGSt pmnitrr of 

By William Hauptman 
Direct£d by 

Robert Woodruff 
Regents' Lecturer 

"a staring portra~l of the 
1964 'Tucson Murders' 

story" 

May 2-.5. 9-12 
(May 1 preview) 

8pm/7pm Sunday 
$.5-$8 

Mandell Weiss ee.r for die Performina Arts 
- u Jolla Village Drive and ToM)' Pines Road-

C..aU 452·4574 for tickcts and information. 
Tickets availabk at Weiss Center Ticket ornce and 

University Events Box Office. 

becomes intrigued with this real-life 
fantasy romance. One day she finds 
that jim and Susan will be meeting in 
New York. She abandons the Julia 
Child video cookbook, the pink 
wallpaper and her hot-tub-selling 
husband, and sets out to follow the 
desperados through the streets of the 
city. 

An improbable series of events 
follows. Roberta buys Susan's old 
jacket at a thrift shop, and shortly 
thereafter gets conked on the head 
and wakes up with amnesia. jim's 
friend, Dez, told to keep an eye on 
the wayward girlfriend, mistakes 
Roberta for Susan and helps her 
piece together her new identity. She 
is promptly outfitted in Susan's ex-
clothing and junkie jewelry , 
including the large and gaudy 
earrings of Nefrodite. Susan has 
innocently lifted said earrings from 
the pockets of her latest one-night-
stand, who had stolen them from a 
museum. As a result, Susan and 
Roberta / Susan find themselves 
pursued by the murderer who wants 
the jewels, the police, and Roberta's 
husband. 

Perhaps the strongest point of 
Df!5perarel:y Seeking Swan is also its 
major flaw: namely, that it is 
obviously derived from Dioo, the 

stylish French film of 1982. Much of 
the cinematography of this latest 
film seems inspired by the New 
Wave bravura of Diva and there are 
even scenes (such as Dez's ravaged 
apartment) that are lifted directly 
from the French film and seem to 
serve no other purpose than to pay 
homage to it. There are also plot 
parallels berween the rwo movies. 
Both Roberta and Jules, the main 
character of Diva, are innocents who 
get caught up in the fantasy of other 
people's lives and get in trouble for 
it. Both films have incredibly 
persistent villains and a feel for street 
scenes, especially at night. 
Madonna's character could be just 
an American version of Alba, Diva's 
street-smart, shoplifting sex-symbol 
who lives by her wits and the seat of 
her pants (literally), and who also 
enjoys taking photos of herself. 
(She's a slut, but ... so what?) 

However, Desperately Seeking 
Susan is not quite in the same class as 
Dioo in the art of eye candy. It's a bit 
like comparing a Hershey bar to a 
chocolate truffle, though both are 
sweet and devoid of real nutrition. 
Still it's an undeniably good time ... 
and maybe a Hershey bar movie is 
just what you need this week. 

NOIICITO SIUDINTS 
Copla of the UCSD Student Conduct Code ere available at no 

cherge at the following locations: 
8. OftIce of the VIce Chancellor tor Undergraduate Affai's 
b. Student Lega' ServIces OfIIce 
c. OfIIce of the Student Center DRctor 
d. Otnce of the Student Organizations 
e. College Dans' OfIIces 
f. Resident Dans' OfIIces 
9. The Graduate Student OftIce 
h. Otnce of the Student Conduct Coordinator 
I. Otnce of the Student Atralrs Dan, ~ • .cdk:aI Schoot 

Inqulria regarding student related campus regulltions may be 
clrected to the ucso Student Conduct Coordinator, 
lWSpecieI ScMca Center, Student Center Bldg. B, lower level 
or call <U2-622S. 

April 18, 1985 HicI&au 3 



elte tria to ALIS plays the trUmpet. Everyone wonder i5 
WYNTON MARS call th 23-year-old musician a boy lik 
play that ina~nt. T:ment. He has been picking up aram:::t. ~ 
an enormous ':t:played with every jazz superstarH:; = Flowers. 
loose change a . in support of his third album ndeville Tuetday 
is currently tounM'!atis ~ntet will perform adt Ma. and $10 for 
The Wynton Tickeu are $15 for general a mission 
night a 8 ptnth' box office. 
stUdents at e 

-----------------------April 18-----------------------
CABARET NIGHT AT THE PUB 

The Pub 
Free 

---------------------May 1-5 & 9-12-----------------. 
HEAT 

Directed by Regents' Lecturer Robert Woodruff 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

8:00 pm/ 7:oo pm Sunday 
$,5 • $8 

----------------------May8-11----------------------~ 
ANGEL CITY by Sam Shep(lTd 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3 .00 

-----------------------May22-25--------------------~ 
MUD by Maria Irene Fornes 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3.00 

--------------------M.y30-- June2-------------------~ 
UNDERGRADUATE THEATRE FESTIY AL 

UCSD THEA TRE $.99 at the door 
(Times TBA) 

CALL 452~574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 
Tickds a""ilabk at Wew Center Ticket Office 

and Vniwrlity Ewnu &x Office. 

4 Hiatus April 18, 1985 

Ont' Way 
From 

$327 
$399 
$429 
$379 
N/A 
$3'99 

Mi. 'r/ MeIdl flaMMlity 

in the Student Center 
CounCI l Travel is the travel division of ClEE. 

Round Trip 
From 

$648 
-$738 
$738 
$698 
$798 
$738 

AMERICA'S OLDEST CHARTER COMPANY 

JAZZ FANS 
Come hear the sensational 
"Ella Ruth Piggee" 

Friday, April 19, 1985 
Triton Pub, 4:00-6:00 

San Diego has lost 
a true tAdventure' 

Bv ROBIN SCOTT 
They say too much a good thing is 

bad. Well, in San Diego we have had 
too little of a good thing and now we 
have even less. The last installment 
of the radio program "Adventures 
with Paradise" or, as it was most 
recently titled, "The Wide and 
Wonderful World of Music," was 
broadcast last Sunday evening on 
91X. The show will be replaced with 
something the programmers of 91X 
deem has a similar format, hosted by 
Pam Wolfe and Kevin "The Dead 
Dog Kid." 

It appears from all the fervor 
surrounding the event, that 
"Adventures with Paradise" had 
more of a following than the station 
had estimated. Last Sunday, the 
program broad casted numerous 
recorded messages from listeners 
who had called in to comment on the 
situation. Most of the responses 
were bittersweet; angry at the show's 
dismissal, yet thankful for the many 
hours of enjoyable listening it 
provided. 

For two years, "Adventures with 
Paradise" provided the public with a 
wide range of rare and often amusing 
recorded music. It specialized in the 
eccentric, the unusual and the 
obscure. It was a show for, as they 

called it, "music afficionados." The 
show's coordinators as well as disc 
jockeys, the Rev. and, until about a 
month ago, Sal Paradise, 
occasionally broadcast from unusual 
locations, such as a carnival in 
Mexico or a neighborhood party, in 
order to heighten the sense of 
unpredictability that they liked to 
propagate. The show also served to 
expose local talent that other 
commercial radio often avoided. 
Every Sunday evening, from 11 pm 
to until 2 am, the general listening 
public had an accesible and exciting 
alternative. 

The loss of the program signifies 
an increasingly conservative trend 
among commercial stations. Mad 
Max, the program director for 91X, 
cited the departure of Sal Paradise as 
the cause behind the decision to take 
the show off the air. Sal quit the 
show about a month ago because he 
felt the show was not being provided 
with enough financial and moral 
support by the station directors . 

It is no secret that for quite some 
time, the powers behind 91X have 
been at odds with the nature of the 
show. Comments on the limited 
tendency of commercial radio, 
including 91X, often slipped from 

I'rubloll .,'e eMU fo, _ $U ( trg. $18) 
l'IeebIcM ,,'e eMU fw _ .. "0 (trg. $1') 

DlrecUoul perwu $15 (trg. $«J) Scul,c_1I ""'II (,." Ht) $18 (trg. $40) 
I'fMlcure • l'edlcure $ U I trg. $18) ec',.,..,.e $15 I trg. $15) 

One Itou,,.'" _ $1. (trg. U5) 
One Ito., ....... e .. _ U5 Itrg. $J5) 

5p«i.IiSU in bYe/( IMi, 
A full xllliee IN/on 

7608 Linda ~.fCi1 Rd. ("'eIY College Dr. lit 163) 16lJ-aa65 
!few Mloll (formerl!J W JoIy Cwltlng Co.) 737 /Url Sl,,~ JoIy 

456·1170 .56-1.15 

STARTS FRIDAY 
MANN UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE CENTRE 
La Jotia Village Drive ' 452·7766 
MANN SPORTS ARENA 
3350 Sports Arene Blvd . • 223·5333 
MANN 
RANCHO BERNARDO 
11740 Bernardo Plaza Ct. • 485~1 
PACIFIC'S 
CINERAMA THEATRE 
5889 University Ave. near 
College Ave . • 583-6201 

PACIFIC'S 
SWEETWATER 
8 THEATRES 
Town & Country Center, 
1-605 at Sweetwater' 474-6571 
BIJOU THEATRE 
5th & G, Downtown' 235-6084 
FRONTIER DRIVE·IN 
3601 Midway Drive' 223·5535 
SANTEE DRIVE·IN 
10990 WOOdside, Santee' «8·7447 

The inwnli~ programming ofJim Call. aka The Rew!Tend. looks for a new home. 

the lips of Sal, the Rev. and guests. 
Whatever the reason behind the 

program change, one thing remains 
clear: The absence of "Adventures 
with Paradise" means a great loss for 
the music connoisseur . There has 

been talk of the show resurfacing on 
another station. Until then, unless 
one has access to a college radio 
station, Madonna and company just 
might prove that silence is golden 
after all. 

For students and professionals in the fields of 5 
international affairs and business R 198 p~R15· 5\JN\N\~u1YI-A"_4 

AIIDoupcing the European 
Business/Cultural tudics !'rogram - EBCS 
OffcTtxi by European University of America 

• Four-week conference and lecture series at the Sorbonne 
• Eight-day Study Tour of Europe 
• Three-day excursion to Bordeaux and Loire Valley 
• Contact with working professionals in business, 

economics, journalism, advertising, marketing, finance 
and government 

(l\vo-pa rt lecrure .eries conducted in English: European l3u mess and 
EconomIc Environments; French Culture and Civihzanon. plus 
Introduction to Conversational French) 
For further d~tails contact: 
EUROPEAN UNIVERSITY OF AMERICA 
LONE MOUNTAIN CAMPUS 
2130 FULTON STREET 
SAN FRAN IS 0 , CA 94117 
(415) 668-0064 
EBCS SUMMER 1'MSl'11rolJmcnt IS opcn to Upper IAvtSion 
Gradwtr Stud.,."nrs (lll dlSClplult5~ and. profCSStonMs. 

"A DEBUT AS SCARFYINGLY 
ASSURED AS ANY SINCE 
ORSON WELl FS." 

-Richard CorlIss, TIme Magazine 
"A thriller that 's fresh. 
jrighuning and jiendishly 
funny." 

"The most IrIvrntivr and 
Original thnller In many-a · 
moon. " David Ansen 

Peter Travers 
People Magazine 

"A true sleepe r. a bold mid 
slnkmg film . " 

Rex Reed 
New Yorh POSI 

Joel and Ethan Coen's 

Newsweck 

"A triumph! One oj the mosl 
brazenly self-Cl5sured dlftC -
lorwldebuls In Amencanjilm 
hIstory." DaVId Denby 

N. Y. Magazine 

BLOOD SIMPLE 
flllWfR Hili \ll>,ifMA ~ 

' ·5 VIA DE U VAlLE. DEL MAR 
755·5511 

EXCLUSIVE SAN DIEGO 
ENGAGEMENT 

STARTS FRIDAY 
1:303:"56.00 8:15 10:00 

April 18, 1985 Hiarw.s 5 



Third and Final Phase 
THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA 

/.0 .JolI(l S(,rI Im'I'zc's lind Ellrop('oll lil'inf/ 
('( /T('S.<; you III //11' Pines o f U / ,JolIlI. Pools. spus. 
S(/(/II(lS (llIri ((/('(/w'/I)ol/ court I 'n/ertuin ~)()U . 
I:lIcl1(1/1/I n O Itulilln f/urdc'IIS. sn"plllr!'s. 
IOull/nills rind ('our/y(/rds wlox YOti. Etln II )('UII 
('0/ liIlC'/f!.) 11/)( / other C /('("orlllor li'wlIfC's (( '('/n 111)(' 
1)0(1 /0 ~)()lIr OIlC' Of(U'O I we/roc)ln /lOnl.' \ 'isil our 
S(//<'s O 'II/c" tod(/y 

VA. F IlA, 
Convcn (Io n<l I 

Fl nan( ing Avallahlt' 

Statistical and Reporting Software 
for IBM PC/XT and AT* 

SPSS/PC is the most comprehensive statistical 
package available for performing Simple or complex 
tasks, regardless of data size, It maintains feature 
and language compatibility with mainframe SPSS, 
while optimizing for the PC environment. 

Designed to maximize your productivity, SPSS/PC 
offers three-letter truncation of commands; the ability to 
batch process commands; save and enter commands 
in groups; receive on-line help; redirect Input and output 
to screen, disk andlor printers and more, 

Statistics range from simple descriptive to complex 
multivariate, including Multiple Regression, ANCNA, 
Factor and Cluster analysis, Logllnear and non.,.,. 
metric procedures are also Included, 

Simple facilities allow transfer of files between 
SPSS/PC and programs like Lotus 1-2-3, dBue II and 
SAS. A complete Repor1 Writer, plotting facilities 
and communications program for mainframes round 
out a fully Integrated product. 

For more information, contact our Marketing 
Department at: 

SPSS Inc., 444 N. Michigan Avenue, 
Chlcago,IL 60611. 312/3~3500. 

In Europe: SPSS Benelux B, V., P.O. Box 115, 
4200 ~ Gorinchem, The Netherlands. 
Phone: + 31183036711. TWX: 21019. 
VISA, MasterCard and American Express accepted. 

'SPSS/PC runs on the IBM PC/XT WIIh 320K memo<y and a hard dis!<. and IBM PC/AT With hard dis!< An 8087 co-processor IS recommended Contact SPSS Inc. lor 0Iher 
oompabbIe computafs. IBM PC/XT and PC/AT 8/'8 trademarl<s of IniematlOna/ BuSIness Mach,nes CorporatIOn. d8ase illS a Irademar1c of Ashlon. Tale t ·2.3 IS a Irademar1< Of 
u..s o.r.81op1, ... ~ Corpor-.on. !)AS os a "'9Istered ,,-.nark of !)AS Institute. Inc SPSS and SPSS/PC are trademarks of SPSS Inc lor rts propr_y computer soft_ 

e Copyng/ltt985. SPSS Inc. 

6 HiaauI April 18, 1985 

Madonna 
continued {Tom page 3 

No, the title of her latest 
"Virginal" hit aside, I think the 
Madonna is essentially an 
Immaterial Girl. The only way she 
should really be taken seriously is in 
her role (model) as a kind of 
Everygirl, which seems to be the 
conception legions of fans and 
clones have of her. This is the 
Madonna who has but a bit more 
ability than you-well, me at least, 
probably less than you-but who 
uses what she has to get what she 
wants. "You try to criticize my 
drive / If I lose, I don't feel 
paralyzed," she sings on the self-
penned "Over and Over." "It's not 
the game, it's how you play." 

Her most nakedly a uto -
biographical song, "Over and 
Over, " should serve as the 
Madonna's theme, and in fact, 
should have been the theme song for 
Vision Quest. Instead, Maddy 
contributed two less impressive 
songs to this Rockyesque movie-
which, incidentally, is about amateur 
wrestling, and thus points up the 
more innately interesting tastes of 
fellow Noo Yawker Cyndi Lauper, 
who associates herself with the far 
higher-profile world of "profes-
sional" wrestling-one a typical 
cinematic schlock-rocker called 
"Gambler," the other the mediocre, 
if very pleasant ballad "Crazy for 
You." In fact, this song (Prince 
would have called it "Crazy" U") is 
so inordinately pleasant, a la 
Madonna's "Borderline," that it has 
become surprise competition for 
" Material Girl" at the top of the 
singles chart. 

The video for " Material Girl" is 
similarly unimpressive, albeit in a 
perversely Mad sense. In this one, a 
Marilyn Monroed Madonna doesn't 
lie on the floor even once-one of 
her finely attired gentleman consorts 
gets that hono)' (?)-or bare that 
notoriously overexposed midriff. 
Instead, she dresses and dances 
elegantly in helping to re-create the 
big-budget style of Hollywood's 
"Golden Age"-she's really quite 
old-fashionedly fashionable . 

In addition, the multi-semi-
talented Madonna has just made an 
even more ambitious incursion into 
Hollywood (New York style) by 
starring as the title character in 
Desperarely Suking Susan (see Rona 
Hu's review in this section), her big 
screen debut ("Big" here means 
35mm as opposed to 8mm, the 
format of A Certain Sacrifice, an 
undoubtedly sleazy effort with a title 
that one wag has suggested refers to 
the audience). 

The number of worlds left for the 
Madonna to conquer is dWindling 
fast, but she will be on alien ground 
tomorrow and Saturday nights at the 
sold-out SDSU Open-Air Theatre 
(Unfortunately, the J~us and Mary 
Chain will not be opening for her). 
Someone has dubbed this the 
"Virgin Tour," which actually 
mak~ sense if you think of it not as 
the Tour of a Virgin (a totally 
incongruous image) but as the First 
Coming of a studio pro in an all-live 
concert setting (Previously, the 
Madonna made a few appearances 
just dancing, her relative strength, to 
prerecorded tapes). It will be 
especially interesting to see how she 

far~ without the knob-twirling 
expertise of Nile Rodgers, Like a 
Virgin's chic producer and guitarist, 
and Jellybean Benitez, Madonna 
producer and former . Madonna 
boyfriend (a thankless job, to be 
sure). 

~-- Goings on 
Tonight on the entertainment 

front, or for this Instance, the 
demonstration front, will be a 
free demonstration of Carl, the 
computer music system at the 
Center for Music Experiment, at 
8 pm, 408 Warren Campus, 10 
you computer musicians, or vice 
versa, or simply interested 
parties should not miss this one. 

• • • 
If you are at home tonight and 

can tune in KPBS, or at a friend's 
for that matter, you can flip on 
Jean Shepherd'. America, a 
humorous look at the "richness 
and diversity of America." It 
must be funny because it's a 13-
part series starting tonight at 8 
pm. For more information, call 
265-6415. 

• • • 
If you like rubbing elbows at 

gallery receptions looking for 
that perfect artist for you, locate 
yourself at the Mandeville 
Gallery at 6 pm Friday for the 
opening reception of Land. 
_pel, a new installation of 
"untraditional" landscapes of 
painting as well as sculpture from 
the work of Brian Longe, 
Michael Lucero, Constance 
Mallinson, Robert Gil de 
Montes, Pierre Picot and Judith 
Simonian. For more informa-
tion, call 452-3120. 

• • • Also Friday night at 8 pm in 
the recital hall will be a 
performance of Curtia and 
Curti. in a Cello/ Piano recital 
including works by Beethoven, 
Schumann, Weberri and UCSD 
composer Yoji Yuasa. Admis-
sion if $1 and information is at 
452-3229. 

If you like Alms, but not thOle 
shown at UTe, you can see a 
special screening of Ousmane 
Sembane's De ... Blaek Girl at 
the Educational Cultural 
Complex located at 4343 Ocean 
View Blvd. in San Diego. 
Sembane's Aim was the first 
African feature film ever 
produced, and was a milestone in 
generating International 
attention for African cinema. It is 
presented as part of the "Journey 
across Three Continents Film 
Festival" by the Contemporary 
Black Arts Program of UCSD, 
Third World Newsreel and the 
Metropolitan Museum of Art. 
For more program information, 
call 452-3103. 

• * • On Tuesday, KPBS presents 
Frontline, a look at the often 
strained relationship between the 
American Catholic Church and 
the Vatican, In a special progr'am 
"Catholics in America: Is 
Nothing Sacred?" from 9 to 10 
pm. For more information, you 
can call 265-6415. 

• * • On Saturday, the Contempor-
ary Black Arts Program and the 
UCSD Drama Department 
presents a performance of Ain't 
Miabehavin' at the Southeast 
Community Theatre. For ticket 
information and showtime, call 
452-3103. 

• * • . Opening on April 23 at the 
Museum of Photographic Arts is 
European Edle, a show 
composed of the new 
photographic trends from 
Europe featuring more than a 
dozen artists from Belgium, 

r-------lll ~D liniversity Events Office preSl'nts 

France, the Netherlands, etc. 
• • • In his lecture, "How to Get a 

Job Like Mine," on April 24 in 
the UCSD Gym, authof Kurt 
VonnelUt promises to "discuss 
my own work in a whimsical 
manner, touch on current events 
and give the best advice I can to 
those who would like to become 
writers. " Whew. Call 452-4090 
for more information. 

* • • 
In the Mandeville Auditorium 

on the 24th, tne UCSD 
Department of Music presents 
Ali Akbar Khan in a program 
of North Indian classical music at 
8 pm as part of the Wednesday 
Evenings at the Mandeville 
program. This special show will 
highly depend on the evening 
itself, as the performance relies 
mainly on the musicians' rapport 
with the audence in material 
choice and inspiration. Tickets 
are available at the box office, 
and for more information, call 
452-3229. 

• • • 
The Pink and Pearl Gallery at 

711 8th Avenue is hosting a free 
video ,howinl featuring 
Genesis P-Orridge of Psychic TV 
and William S. Burroughs on 
April 27 at 4 pm. For more 
information and to RSVP call 
236-0284-. 

* * * David Sanborn', concert 
originally scheduled for 
Shooter's at La Jolla Village Inn 
has been moved to Humphrey's 
at Shelter Island. For further 
details 226-4033. 
-Compiled by Roddy Bogawa 

Caruso 

University Events Office presents 
a Special Screening of 
New World Picture's 

Meet Wendell Twdt. 
Would you beliew he'. about 

to become America's '1 hunk? 

What happens to him. 
could happen to you! 

KURT VONNEGUT 
This Sunday! April 21, 7:30 p.m. 

April 24, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
UCSD Triton Gym 

Students $5.00, G.A. $8.00 
UCSD Fac/ Staff/ Sr.Cit. $7.00 
(j)~EI'N!N. ~~-- & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

Mandeville Auiditorium 
Free Dmwings for Camems, 

I!P£ Deck & More! 
Passes must be picked-up in advance 
at the UCSD Box Office, 452-4559 _----' .... 

ADrillB. 1985 Hiaau 7 

• 



CALCULATORS 
.1 .8GGB ~ I ElI3GGI~ 

.................. 800800 
The 
Sharp El-5500-11 

.00OJOJc:J8 0 .. • 
CJ8cD8OJOOOOCD •••• 

• 

Suggested Retail S9995 
GJOOCDOGJ080D •••• 
D0000GJGOc::J. • •• NOW $7995 

• 40K BASIC in ROM 
·22K RAM 

• Extended keyboard 

• CNer 1400 program steps 
• Optional interface for tope 
cossette and prtnter 

• 16-chor dot-matrix display 

t-------------·ODEl El512 

$36 95 
Suggested 
Retail 544 .95 

"THIN MAW'· WALLET-SIZE WITH 
128 PROGRAM STEPS 
Improved .clentlflc calculator with Mulll Formula 
Re .. rve and declmal/huadeclmal Iy.tem 
• In addition to performing the SClen!!'IC tunctlons the 

EL-S12 per~lls lhe user 10 store up to 128 program 
steps bUIII·up from any of liS preorogrammed 
functions 

• Hyperbolic (Sinh cosh tanh . and their Inverses 
• Rectangular polar coordinate CO"'Ver$IOnS 
• Mean sum. and standard deViation 
• 4·Mulll Formula Reserve for stOring formulas and 9 

Data MemOries fOf sto rmg numbers 
• Direct formula enuy enters formulas the way they are 

wn tten 
• Computer-age hexadeCimal converSions 
• Easy-to-read 10-d lg lt " QUid crystal display with 

SCient ifiC notation elCpreSSlon 
• Independently acceSSible 3- key memory 
• 15 levf>ls of parentheses W lltl up to 7 pending MODEL El506HT _________________ ope_ r_811_on_s ______________________ ~ 

Advanced. scientific calculator ",Ith 
decimal/hexadecimal system conversion key. 
• 48 pre-pr ~Q',lmmpd sCientific func llons turn 

)mpIICd''''d P' l[ilems Into l"asy opera hons 
• D,rpCI formula eNry leiS you nler p roblf'Oms Just as 

yOU wnlr thpn'" 
• TNt·( parenl" es ·t'"pl~ "nd tOLIl I€'v~'~ 01 pending 

C'~' r att('lns 
• Ot,.'Clmal ~~'30t'"Clmat 5V h'm (on..., 'SIon key 
• 5tdl,Sllcat c~!culaliorIS \'wIt statiStiCal moOE> ISTATI 

number 01 10ampieS ~ {f l ~, mfl'8n ~ I t ~, 1 
standard dp'JlatlOf"l ''SI.I p,nH'r 0.1t.1 correct data (DATA 
COl '.v 

• In f'PE'nOI ('IH" acce slbl memo,) 
• DEG RAD GRAD ,,',·ctor"v 
• Degrc minute c.t·cond con¥(lICjlon key 
• Auto POYo-t·, ·O,t conspr'Jt'$ f>f 
• P , y.. P'·~\olng FEM IIt.tulrt (r1'5lat dlSJ"lay ha b-d1qll 

mt\nll~sa .\Pc1 2 IQII fxr on('('\1 

$22 95 
Suggested 
Retail 529.95 

UNIVERSITY BaaliSTaRI 
452 .. 4291 

--~ 
-------- ----, 

WE PROUDLY PRESENT 
THE BEST 

a53 

STUART MATHEWS 

MIKE BRILLER 

MIKE THIELMAN 

ROGER MARTIN 

PHIL CARABET 

MARsHALL REED 

MATI LENDEL 

MIKE HABIBE 

JORDAN KANIS 

Cq r 
~=-=-~ ~ 

AsSOCIATE MEMBERS OF 
TAU KAPPA EpSILON 

8 HiatIU April 18, 1985 

I 

RAY BAN 
WAYFARER 

i--------------------
, Sells elHwbere $40-45 , 
, Rag&n $ , 
: Wagfarers 25.00 ,: 
, IJIack, brown, 
, red, whj~ , 
~ - with this coupon good through +-2+-85 --' 

WE GUARANTEE THE LOwr:sT 
SUNGIASS PRiem 

on all m¥>' sunglass blinds of Mig retail store. 

p.e~f~ fl1i' 
Open 7 days & nights 

Old Town 2461 an Diego Ave. (Nc t to Old TaWil Mexican Cafe) 692-0059 
Encinitas 745 First St . (Lumberyard hopping Center) 942-0337 
La Jolla 1030 Torrey Pine Rd. (Next to Yogurt Affair) 454-8006 

Chula Vista 1140 Broadway (Price &zaarJ422-8081 
San Ysidro 727 E. San YSIdro Blvd. (McDonald 's Trolly Station ) 428-4590 

Clairemont 4675 Clatremont Dr. (Clatremonl Square Shopping Center) 272-8808 
La Mesa 5500 Gro mOllt Cenler Dr. (Grossmont Shopping Cenler) 697-6697 

Escondido 1321-H East Valley Pkwy. (E condido Village Mal/JH3-6762 

~rec,...tlon 

Sign up and delalls at x4OJ7 
Canyonvl9w Adminlstrollve Offices 
Deportment ci PlwSlCul Educollon 


