
see·· .. 'e··· ··· ., . ...• .. 
.... ~; . ,-. . . .. . .. ... :-.:. .. ::: 
., . '.t, . ...... -' •• , . ' . ' . ~ • 

• : • • 0 , ~ •• ; ~ ': : .~. '. : ... : : ; : 



2 Thursdav, Fcb. 21 , 1985 

" . . 
NE~ .' .', N.' •. • " . ,., . . A.. 

The Mazeh issue of Playboy magazine 
reportS that the Georgia College student 
newspaper, The Colonnade, objected to 
rules set for rhe Miss Georgia College 
scholarship pageant. The rules require 
that a contestant must not have been 
married , cohabited with a male , had an 
abortion, had any children or had plans 
to many before the end of her reign. 

"What do any of those requirements 
have to do with scholarship?" 
questioned Jackie Smith, editor of the 
paper. Smith and Andrew Boswell, a 
staff writer, entered a piece of roast beef 
in the contest in protest. 

o 
The UC Student Lobby announced 

February 12 that it is launching an a\l-
out drive to restore federal financial aid 
CUtS that were announced in President 
Reagan's budget proposal. According to 
Jim Lofgren, the lobby'S director, "Our 
office is planning to do all it can , and 
more , to guarantee that this meat axe 
approach to federal financial aid is 
halted." 

Commenting on Education Secretary 
William Bennett's remarks about 
slUdents having to cut back on stereos, 
cars and three-week vacations, Lofgren 
noted, "To suggest that the average 
student rakes three-week vacations to 
the beach and owns expensive srereos 
and cars is not only callous and 
insensitive, it is an' outright lie. Secretary 
Bennett's remarks had norhing to do 
with the truth, they had to do with 
political hyperbole deSigned to inflame 
conservative emotions over non-existent 
financial aid cheats: 

Lofgren concluded, "\ don't know who 
Secretary Bennett's friends were when 
he attended college, but they bear no 
resemblance to the students I know who 
are in school now: 

o 
Claims by fee-chaJging computer 

search services that they are matching 
students with scholarships that fit the 
individual's background charateristics 
and career objectives were questioned 
today by the Califomia Srudent Aid 
Commission. 

I n a report issued to high school 
counselors and co\lege financial aid 
officers, the Commission said that 

student experiences with computer 
search services, as reviewed by the 
Commission, showed a lack of effective 
matching of students with scholarships. 

Moreover, says the study, few students 
reported any tangible results after 
follOwing up on scholarships identified 
by the search services. 

Arthur S. Marmaduke, director of the 
California Student Aid Commission, said 
that the public IS also confused by 
statements that large amounts of aid go 
unclaimed each year. 

The "unclaimed" aid apparently refers 
to unused employee tuition benefits, 
says Mannaduke. This fmancial 
assistance, not available to the general 
public, can be used only by employees 
of the companies offering the tuition 
assistance, and only under conditions 
set forth by the employer. The amount 
of unused employee tuition benefits has 
been estimated at dose to $7 billion by 
the National Commission on Student 
Financial Assistance. 

Marmaduke says that the results of 
the Student Aid Commission's study are 
consistent with rhose reported by the 
Universiry of Ulinois, Urbana-
Champaign, in a sutvey for the lliinois 
Association of Student Financial Aid 
Administrators. 

All but six of the 30 computer search 
services that responded to the California 
Commission's sutvey use the same data 
base , which is maintained by a New 
Jersey firm. 

As pan of the Commission's study, 15 
Los Angeles high school seniors, 
selected [or the charateristics frequently 
cited on the questionnaires provided by 
the fee-charging computer sea h 
services, submitted completed 
questionnaires and required fees to rwo 
services. One of the services was a 
franchisee of the New Jersey finn and 
the orher an independent concern. The 
studems received 22 computer printouts 
from three different data bases. 

None of the students in this particular 
survey received scholarship awards as a 
result of the information provided by 
the computer search services. 

Many of the scholarship sources given 
to the Los Angeles students by the 
computer search services were 
inappropriate for the folldwing reasons: 

~---------~----------~ 
-H- I-- ~-T;- : r- -I ' "" 1 I-r---.- ' r-t-r l-

. ' ~~~ 
_. T""~ ~f--~ ; .... ~t-: r ~~1iII f(~ L.I_'" I'~I J I .. IJ L..4 ~ l ' h 

T 
l 

'..I l] ~ 
--= 

:.. II. .J.. 
I- --= j-. ' "1'1 , 

II 
.... 

t1], !..i. 
~ 

1..111 .. II l1li If'! • I'"' l1li 
... 

l-
I ... 
1'·1"" 

f-- F] rt ~ I ' 

Cover: The Central Intelligence Agency is-and has 
been for quite a while-a great force on this and 
other campuses, recruiting potential agents from a 
pool of educated young bucks and does. Find out 
more about the presence and impact of the Agency at 
UCSD in the cover story on page 7, 
News: CalPIRG drives toward a referendum, and employers 
who discriminate against gays may be banned from 
University employment placement centers. 
Opinions: A delightful t:xpose of the CIA in our editorial, a 
preview of the upcoming Geneva talks as the Ides of March 
near, plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Looking at a boom town of the American 
West-Los Alamos-during the A-bomb development era 
and today. Fate's cruel blow to a UCSD student whose love 
was lost on the streets of Vienna. And "the writer's i" is easily 
bugged. 
Spons: Baseball survives the last week in fine fashion, but 
rugby doesn't do quite as well in the OMBAC Tournament, 
Hiatus: A look at Crawl Out Your Window, University Events 
comes alive, and a review of Paris, Texas. Plus Eatbeat and 
Goings On. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

they did nor arply to the slUdent's 
education leve , college major, ethnic 
group, or income level; the applicant 
had to be a graduate of a cenain high 
school or a resident of another city or 
state; the applicant had to belong to a 
cenain organization or be selected for 
the award by a school; the source listed 
was a loan, job or volunteer position, 
not a scholarship. 

The Los Angeles students in the 
Commission's survey received no reply 
from the majoriry of the scholar.;hip 
sources to which they applied for 

awards. Others received replies that the 
scholarship was no longer available, or 
had requirements which made the 
student ineligible. 

The Student Aid Commission's srudy 
was undertaken in cooperation with an 
advisory group of college financial aid 
officers and high school counselors. 

Copies of the Commission's report 
are available upon request to the 
California Student Aid CommiSSion, 
1410 Fifth Street, Sacnlmento, CA 
95814. 

o rsection-----------------------------------------~------_, 
~ 

e CalPIRG distressed by fee fonn policy 
The California Public Interest Research Group 

(CaIPIRG) will have to close the UCSD chapter at the end 
of this year if the UCSD Admilllstration fails to change 
the CalPIRG "donation" box on the student fee payment 
form to a CalPIRG "voluntary fee" box on the form, 
according to UCSD senior Kim Paulus, chair of the 
CaIPIRG State Board of Directors. 

According to Ronald Bowker of the Registrar'S Omce, 
the Admllllsrration has ruled that the CalPIRG fundlllg 
should continue to come from donations rather than 
voluntary fees in order to "make the fees as clear and 
explicit as can be." 

About the possible shutdown of the UCSD chapter of 
CalPIRG, Bowker said, "We wouldn't like to see it 
happen, but we can't hide the fee somewhere. 

"The srudents should eaSily be able to dIstinguish 
between what they have to pay and what IS voluntary. 
We [the Administration1 feel it [the "voluntary fee"1 is a 
way to cover up or hide the fee so students don't realize 
it's there," Bowker said. 

The "voluntary fee " was added to the mandatory 
registration fees, with a box that could be checked to 
subtract the amount from fee payment. The "donation" 
would proVide a box on the form that students could 
check to add the amount to the fee payment. SaId 
Bowker, "Students weren't reading the footnote with the 
voluntary fee ." 

If students know about the CalPIRG donation and the 
organization's income drops, then it is the fault of 
CalPIRG for inadequately educating students, Bowker 
saId. 

A payment fonn recently submitted to Vice Chancellor 
of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson for 
consideration Includes four check boxes. The first is for 
mandatory fees , the second is for mandatory fees plus 
the CalPIRG donation, the third is for mandatory fees 
plus student health insurance (required of foreign 
students as a condition of enrollment), and the laSt 
includes all three of the options. 

In an auempt to alter the Administration's decision, 
CalPIRG launched a petition drive early this week which, 
according to Paulus, has collecred In excess of 3.000 
signatures. The group hopes to gain 6,000 signatures by 
the end of next week. 

The crux of CalPIRG's argument against the 
Admmistration's decision lies in the results of a 1983 

referendum that students passed calling for a CalPIRG 
provision on the fee payment form . Paulus claims thar 
the referendum mandates a "voluntary fee" provision, 
while Bowker maintains that the Administration- and 
the "donation" provision-"comply completely" with 
that referendum. 

The purpose of the petition drive is to convince the 
Administration that "CaIPIRG is what the students want," 
said Paulus. 

"Our position," Bowker said, "is that we want to make 
it clear to (the students) that they don't have to pay." 

The UCSD chapter of CalPIRG has been in existence 
slllce 1978, when students voted to establish a chapter 
with a walvable fee system. In 1982 the UCSD 
Administration changed its policy and CalPIRG was 
defunded. Since 1982, the UCSD chapter was funded by 
other chapters al Berkeley, Santa Barbara , Santa Cruz 
and Los Angeles. In a 1983 UCSD referendum, students 
voted 60% in favor of giving CalPIRG a waivable fee on 
the fee forms. 

Ac(ording to Bowker, in addition to makmgall fees as 
clear as poSSible, the proposed fonn would significantly 
reduce the lime required to process the payments and , 
as a result, cashier's lines would be shortened. 

According to Paulus, CalPIRG exists to give college 
students an opportunity to become involved in their 
community and to become active Citizens , Since its 
founding in 1972, CalPIRG has become the largest and 
fastest growing consumer and environmental advocacy 
group run by students in the state, Paulus said. 

-Barbara Steams 1St Sean W.utr 

Thursday, Feb. 21, 1985 3 

Homophobes could be banned from UC 
By JANE ROSENBERG, SacramC,1I0 Corrcspondent 

E MPLQYERS WHO DISCRIMINATE on the basis of sexual orientation could be barred from campus 
placement cemers und er a policy 
forwarded [0 chancellors by UC 
President David Gardner, it was 
announced Monday, Feh. 4 . 

Gardner, writing to the coordinator of 
the UC Lesbian and Gay Intercampus 
Nerwork Nondiscrimination ProJect last 
month, said a UC Berkeley policy on 
the issue was " Ill keeping with 
university pohcy." 

The Berkeley statemem, approved by 
Chancellor Ira Michael Heyman in 
December, requires the 600 corporations 
recruiting on campus to s ign a 
statement pledging not to discriminate 
on the hasis of mce, sex, religion , 
handicap, national origin or sexual 
preference. 

Gardner also wrote to UCLGIN 
Coordinator Robert Anderson that the 
eight other chancellors "indicated a 
wilhngness to cons ider this mauer" at 
their monthly meeting in January. 
Gardner sent a copy of his letter to 
Anderson to all chanl;e\lors. 

Anderson , an assoc iate economics 
professor at Berkeley, hailed Gardner's 
January 16 lener as a breakthrough 
amounting to th e ul1Iverisiry ag reemg m 
prinCIple to ban employers 
discriminating against gays and lesb ians. 

But UC Spokeswomm Lilia Villanueva 
~aulloned against interpreting Gard ner's 
letter as .. n endorsement of the Berkeley 
polacy or the creation of a new rule. 

Gard ner wrote that "the means of 
Implememing suc h a policy, as occurred 
at Berkeley, is the responSibility of each 
chancellor," indicating he is nO! 
requinng non-discrimination policies at 
every campus, she said. 

But Anderson, who has been lobbying 
administrators since last spring on the 
issue , said only the method of 
implememi ng the policy is being left to 
the chancellors. 

"One has to observe that we asked 
him (Gard ner) last spring and he said 
no, and now it's happening," Anderson 
said . "To me, that's a new policy." 

Anderson said he expects individuil1 
chancellors to act on the Berkeley 
proposal in six weeks, adding he is 
confident there won't be any problems 
applying the guidelines. 

Gardner's letter is [he culmination of 
UCLGIN's campaign for a policy 

governing placement centers, which 
started laSt year. The group conce mrared 
its efforts on the Berkeley campus alter 
Ga rdner issued a statemem declaring 
that placement centers could only ban 
employers which discriminate "illegally," 
Anderson said . 

Relying on the 1979 Cali fo rnia 
Supreme Court deCision in Gay Law 
Students Association v. Pacific 
Telephone and Telegraph, UCLGIN 
convinced Boalt Hall Law School 
olTicials thar discrimination against 
homosexuals is illegal. In November, 
Boalr officials forwarded their position 
to Heyman, Anderson said . 

"It was a tactical decision to work first 
th rough Boalt and then to the Berkeley 
campus. We felr we had a better chance 
of gerring ir adopted here ," Anderson 
said. "After the Berkeley campus 
derermined its stance, it became 
extremely difficult for systemwide to 
disagree ." 

UCLGIN also enlisred the help of the 
UC Student Lobby, which conVinced 
several legisla tors to wme leners to 
Gardner and Regems Chairwoman 
Vilma Martinez call 1llg for a non-
dlscrimindtion policy. 

"Clearly discrimination on the basis 
of sexual oriemation should be 
prohibited at the university career 
planning and placement centers," Senate 
Pn:sldent Pro Tem David Roberti wrote 
to Martinez December 20. 

"The letters from legisbtOrs were very 
importam," Anderson added. "We knew 
things started [Q happen at systemwide 
pretty quickly." 

At Berkeley, employers will now be 
required to sign a non·discrimination 
pledge which includes sexual prefel'tnce 
if they plan to recrui t students during 
the fall semester, Cemer Director James 
Briggs said . 

But the center won't research the by-
laws and backgrounds of corporations, 
Briggs said. "You have to assume that 
people are acting in good faith if they 
sign that statement," he said . 

EnforCing the rule will be done on an 
informal, case-by-case basis, he said . 
"On the basis of one complaint and the 
company's signed statement, we 
wouldn't expel them, but if there is a 
pattern that tended to legitimize those 
complaints, we would discuss it further 
with the company's manager of 
corporate relations ," he added . 

Color ~ 
B11Dd? aD 

If YOU are color blind we w1ll pay you $5,00 per 
hour to part1dpate in perception experiments on 
the nature of color blindness, 
For more information contact: ICathy Purl or 

Al Nagy at 452-4762 between 1:00 and 5:00 pm, 
Monday thru Thursday, 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like !O Introduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 
Laurie and Kathy 
Women $12, reg. 525 
Men S10, reg. $19 
For allPUlnlmcnl. plca~c call 457 ·2930. 
il9:iO \ ' lila La Jolla \Jr ., ~UIIC lllU, 1..;.1 Jolla 
(behind 1''\ I Orllil & Rudco · ,hm:ll\ acru."lheramll) 

Br iggs, who endo rsed the poli cy even 
though some at Berkeley come nded It 
could only be enforced through the 
courtS, s,lId he ha n't received any 
complaints so far but the new guideline 
may prompt fearful studems to speak 
up . 

"Sexual onenr,l!lon IS not clear III the 
law, and certainly they're (employers) 
nO! as aware of discrimination in that 
,\rea," he s<lid . "We're rrymg ro make 
employers aware that they ought to pay 
J rtenllon to thIS." 

Anderson ,lIld Briggs both said they 
don'r know of any cOllJomtions that 

~ 'a:. Ed 
..... --... -

n 
a£ -
... 

.. 

~---' 

sr 

-

USA 
20c 

would be banned under this policy. 
Bu[ it should have some effect, 

Anderson said . A 1983 survey of 341 
gay s tudems systemWide showed that 
20% felt they had encountered some 
type of discrim i nation. 

The Berkeley policy has no effect on 
[he presence of mili[ary recruiters on 
cam pus. who can legally discriminate 
under a number of COUrt deCisions, 
Braggs said. 

"The mil itary problem is basically a 
political problem," Anderson said. 
"People all ove r the country will have to 
mobilize to resolve that issue." 1m 

The new AS Constitution, written afte r 
three years of·research and deliberation , 
was ratified Wednesday by a whopping 
tumout o f 650 out of approximately 11,000 
eligible voters. The vote was 80.6% in 
favor, 19.4% agai nst. Tuesday'S Guardian 
erroneously reponed that a 20% turnout 
was required to replace the Constitution . 
Actually, the majority vote of any turnout 
was all that was needed. 

Not rain nor snow nor sleet of night 
could keep the US Postal Service from 
raising the price of Stamps. What took 20 
cems [0 accomplish last week now 
requires 22 cems. The new rate went into 
effect this week, so if you're still puning 20-
cem stamps on your envelopes, you'd best 
Stop, OK? 

"The MABE program at UCSB" 
meeting with Jon Sonstelie 
Master of Arts In 

BUSINESS ECONOMICS 
Frio, Feb, 22 12 pm to 1 pm 

Career Planning and Placement Service 
University of California. Santa Barbara 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profi Ie 

testi ng program wi II 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
v:y ceNTeR 



Editorial 

Just a small expose on the CIA 
Precautions must be taken nOl only to 

protect operations from exposure to 
enemy forces but also to conceal these 
a tlvltles from the American pubhc m 
general. The knowledge that the Agenc}' 
is engagmg in unethical and illica 
activities would have serious 
re percussions In polItical and 
diplomatic circles and would be 
detrimental to the accomplishment of its 
miSSIOn. 

-Report on Foreign and Military 
Intelligence 

The Central Intelligence Agency is 
essentially a counterproductive Jorce in a 
society where many people strive Jor 
freedom and truth . Since its conception, the 

CIA has shadowed the activities oj each oj 
its country 's citizens, seeing them all 
(mcluding their own members) as potential 
threats to the nation 's security. Orwell 
believed that thIS hmd oj pervasive Intrusion 
into the private lives oj mdiVIduals SIgnified 
the theological developme nt oj a society 
constant!y engaged in preparation Jor 
internal war The CIA IS a highly developed 
police state apparatus that IS the bachbone 
of a government that bases Its claim to 
moral legitimacy on a repreSSIve paranoia 
that floods the general population with Jear 
oj Joreign practICes. For the Agency there is 
always an "enemy," a reason Jor publiC 
deception, a rauonale Jor "eliminatIOn." 
Having redundantly proclaimed that the 
United States is onry interested in 
supporting democracy abroad and 
constitutional freedoms at home, the 
Inielligenet: community endeavors to cover 
up any act that may appear 10 contradict 
such claims. 

The JolloWIng excerpts oj "Top Secret " 
documents were obtained through the 
Freedom oj InJormation Act by Christy 
Macy and Susan Kaplan and are designed 
to help you to better evaluate whether or 
not you desire CIA recruitment on campus. 

The anti-war movement. student 

protest, black liberation, Chicano 
struggle-all have served as building 
blocks with which the YSA IYoung 
Socialist Alliance!. with mock 
humanitarianism, have tried to erect a 
political foundation for their ·socialist" 
revolution. To the other issues used so 
expediently by these two groups , we 
now add women's liberation. 

The youth-oriented, anti-
establishment trend that, among Olher 
acts , spawned the chronic pibtestOfS 
and "street people" of the 1960s, did 
much to jeopard ize established morals 
and diminish long-prevailing concepts 
of femininity. 

* * * IFrom meeting with j. Edgar Hoover, 
Richard Helms, Lt. Gen . Bennett COlA) 
and Adm. Gayler (NSA).j 

The Problem 
The magnitude of the internal security 

problem we face today may perhaps 
best be described in semantic terms . We 
have moved from the "student actiVISm " 
which characterized the civil rights 
movements in the early '60s through the 

"protest movements" which rallied behind 
the anti-war banner beginning with the 
March on the Pentagon in 1967 to the 
"revolutionary terrorism" being . 
perpltrated today by detennined 
professionals . 

We are now confronted with a new 
and grave crisis in our country-one 
which we know too little about. 
Certainly hundreds, perhaps thousands. 
of Americans-mostly under 30-are 
dctennined to destroy our society . They 
find in many of the legitimate 

EDITOR: PHlUP I.AUDEA 

grievances of our citizenry opportunities 
for exploitation which never escape the 
anention of demagogues. They are 
reaching Out for the suppon-
ideological and otherwise-of foreign 
powers and they are developing their 
own brand of indiginous revolutionaty 
activism which is as dangerous as 
anything which they could impon from 
Cuba, China, or the Soviet Union. 

* * * 
** Ithird, our people-perhaps as a 
reaction to the excesses of the McCarthy 
era-are unwilling to admit the 
pOSSibility that "their children" could 
wish to destroy their country. This is 
panicularly true of the media and the 
academic community. I 

Is it possible that the definition of what 
the "country" is differs betwetn the 
intelligtnce community, academicians and 
journalists? But wait, there's more! 

justifying an Agency-Academic 
Relationship: Let me stress at the outset 
that I believe Agency-academic relations 
are for the most part very good. Though 
I have no quantitative data to suppan 
such a conclusion my guess is that 99% 
of the members of the academy would 
be willing to assist the Agency if 
properly and skillfully approached, and 
that only a small fraction of that other 
1 % would be angered by an invitation 
to assist or would attempt to embarrass 
the Agency in any way. 

I suggest "an affinnative program" 
designed to improve the Agency's 
reputation in academic circles and thus 
decrease the risks (costs) of association 
with the Agency. 

'~--';C::;:O'-;-NTI=N;;-U;;:E:;::DrON~p;;-;A:;::G;;::E-;;S-

HEWS EDITOR: 5£AN WAGSTAFF ASSOCIATE NEWS EDlT~ PHL WUON 
CONTRIBUTING NEWS EDITOR: UlY5 foIc(O'f 

OPINIONS EDITOR: i\o\,t\TTHEW J. CRONIN PEMPECTIVES EDlTOP.: OiNSTOPHER CANOt.£ ~ <:A ~ Sa> o..go (619) "~2.J4Ob_ 
[} ,~ A ">10. CA 9m3 (619) ~ «IIronoI COPY EDITOR: JAN HANSEN PHOTO EDITOR: 1\00 FNEDENTHAL. ~TS EOITOP.: AI..IOA AGOS 
~~ltU:~, ~ ~I~~~ :: = ~R.TS .E~I!OR: AN.~ .. ~EELffi ~SC>.9.ATE AP.~ EP''!~ .. ~ ~9U~. . ............ . .. ............. .. 

~ edIIcIrIaIs • ..", mll'lClly opInkn of rhIs boad All om.raTldes In INs GRAPHIC ARTISTS: JOHN AoGANON, JOHN A5K.EE. To\\ PlONKA 
~1!@!~:.~~.!!-~ 2!~.' .. ()f .m. .. ~. ... ................. ............................. . PHOTOGRAPHERS: JOHN ASHLEE. EDWARD ISAAEL. DAWN Ml>MJKUNIAN. I\OGEI\ MON~. IWJL I\£CWOND. 

Tl'e is pA:IIIIhe>d ~ end 'Itu1da\Is from ~bef I\ICH PECJAK. ANDY SOFTLEY 
"-JIMiI~===..~':I:-~~n:.=~ STAfF WRITERS: """"'K OREJTENOO\G. ETHAN FEEf\ST, JOAN FOI\SOEI\G. ANOOEA HNl.MC.)N I\ONA HU. VAN 

~~==: do not I ...... !tie ~ of 1M HUTCHINSON. CHI\ISTINA KAUS. I\OUmT LEONE, JEFF;.,tLJN1C KELLEY NEAl. lAlM\OJQN, 
""',.Wllt ... AI5oc:Ii:IMd SNdenIs d UOO. DAWN WAANNEI\. ~NEE WENI\ICK 

,-~--.. --~-~ - .~ ~ ~ PASTE-UP ARTlS~: JOttI ~;'I.EE, SHAAON ~. ~ PINsKY. 'D~v\D AAOOW. SEAN ~AG5TAFF 
maflU5C1ip11 ~ blMcame TYPESETTERS: KEN fUtJE. ~ HN6EN, PHlJP LN.aI\ CWlIEL THC:)t"W "'UOD~ rt E!!~1;i~r:~~~~r:~~:~ .. 1JIiII1.5., •• INhdr:PIL ___ 0USI __ .. _~.s .MA.NA_GERS_.: .~_s.MlJf£_.5HOO._.0I.W0H0 __ .. PETER_.HOfF'MAN ___ ...... _ ........ _ .. 

Thur~y. Feb. 21 , 1985 ~ 
D'>'NID'& 

. . .. ~. , .. ... ~ ~~ , {. .. ' . 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE" < 
In my view the best way 10 defend the association 

with the Agency when such a defense is necessary is: 
1. By relating work for the Agency 10 one of the 

traditional functions of a university; and 
2. By basing the defense or rejoinder on long 

established academic values. 
Stress in recruiting, anicles and speeches that the 

Agency is really a university without students and ~Ot a 
training school for spys. There IS as much academiC 
freedom within the walls of the building and among 
those competent on a given subject as on any campus 
I know. 

The most stimulating and well-rounded training the 
Agency can offer is in "overthrow training," an admirable 
educational pursuit. In Jact, many students applied their 
learning in Chile in 1973 when they implemented the 
overthrow oj the jree!y elected government of Salvador 
Allende. The institution oj Pinochee's military regime after 
the coup ended 180 years oj constitutIOnal government. in 
Chile. 

SECRET 
Typewritten cop>, of copy of handwritten note by DCI 
Helms: 

Meeting with President Nixon 
on Chile at 1525 Sept 15 70 
Present: John Mitchell &: Henry KiSSinger 

1 in 10 chance perhaps, but save Chile! 
worth spending 
not concerned risks involved 
no involvement of embassy 
$10.000.000 available , more if necessary 
full-time job-best men we have 
game plan 
make the economy scream 
48 hours for plan of action 

* * • Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of the behavior 
mod!fication programs practiced by the CIA was its 
penchant Jor using unwitting individuals. It is d!fficult to 
imagine more deJcnseless victims than mental ~ticnts, but 
the· CIA had 110 qualms regarding them. The jollowing 
documtrIl describts plans to administer LSD and other 

:; 
sexual psychopaths at the stalt hospital in 

Mic . n betwren 1957 and 1960. This sort of makes one 
nosta about St. Georges hospital in Gnmada. 
Location 

The research Project will be carried out at the ... 
located at .. . which is located .... The Hospital has 
one thousand, one hundred and thiny-five Cl,135) 
beds. At the p~nt time there ate one hundred anc! 
fony-two (142) nonpsychotics classified as criminal-
sexual psychopaths. 

Another team working on another group of subjects 
will use straight interrogation, LSD with interrogation 
and a tetrahydrocannabinol acetate derivative and 
interrogation. 

3) Precautions will be taken to neutralize age, 
inteUigence, physical condition, social background and 
any other controllable factor in selecting groups. 

In lalt 1964, the Nobel Prizt Committee announced that 
it had chosen Martin Luther King, Jr .• 10 receive Ihe Nobel 
Peace Pri:e. As part oj its more overt efforts to discredit the 

black leader, the intelligence community mailed a composite 
tape oj material col/wed by bugs thaI wert planted in 
King's hOld rooms along with this lelia to King in which 
he is urged 10 believe suicide is his only allernative against 
further deJamation . 

a grim farce) and other awards will not save you. King, 
I repeat you are done .. .. 

The American public , the church organizations that 
have been helping-Protestant, Catholic and Jews will 
know you for what you are-an evil. abnonnal beast. 
So will others who have backed you. You are done. 

KING 
King, look into your heart. You know you are a 

complete fraud and a great liability to all of us Negroes. 
White people in this country have enough frauds of 
their own but I am sure they don't have one at this 
time that is any where near your equal. You are no 
clergyman and you know it. I repeat you are a colossal 
fraud and an evil , vicious one at that. ... 

King, there is only one thing left for you to do. You 
know what it is. You have just 34 days in which w do 
(this exact number has been selected for a specific 
reason, it has definite practical significant. You are 
done. There is but one way out for you. You better take 
it before your filthy, abnormal fraudulent self is bared 
to the nation . 

King. like all frauds your end is approaching. You 
could have been our greatest leader . .. . But you are 
done. Your "honorary" degrees, your Nobel Prize (what 

On this note we hope that your ability to choose whether 
or nOl the Central Intelligence Agency should be allowed to 
recruit on campus (much less exist) is great!>' heightened. 

Doonesbury BY GARRY TRUDEAU 
ATTA 
8OY. 

\ 

Roberts VW • VOLVO &ft ~ 914. VW. BMW~~ ~~ AudiServ. ~~ 
German Car Specialists 

All work fully gtUlrantuti • Factory-Trained Specialist 
Monday·Friday 8 am • 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 ~ 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454 3705 ~ (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275:1132 a... San Diego, CA. 92109 

* We use arid Ttco'"'"t1Id KnuhI~ Lulwicorl/s to OUT customers * 

---------------------------------
·(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon 10% OFF On All Repairs* (Not valid with atty other coupott) 

URFBAJ 
"EI Martillo" Island 

3 DAYS - 2 NIGHTS 
$95.00 

INCLUDES: Meals, Tent, Ice. Cook 
DETAILS: Pacific Surfing Charters 

P.O. Box 7956, San Diego, CA 92107 
(619) 224-9015 



6 Thw,tla\ ', Fr/!, 21,195 

Viewpoint 

When is the Ides of March? 
By JOSEPH ROMM 

March 12-1t isn't quite the Ides of 
March, but perhaps you should still 
beware, On March 12, the United States 
and the Soviet Union will begin talks in 
Geneva on nuclear weapons. 

Should you be hopeful, rather than 
wary? Well, the head of the US 
negotiating team, Max Kampelman, in a 
newspaper allicle written before he was 
given his new job, expressed doubts 
that much , if anything, could come from 
the new talks. 

In a series of articles, I will be 
explaining, in non·technical language , 
what the talks will cover and what the 
important issues are . I will also explain 
what are the sources of disagreement 
between the twO superpowers that make 
rapid progress unlikely. 

The new Geneva talks will deal with 
three dlfferent areas: strategiC (or long-
range) nuclear weapons, intermediate-
range nuclear forces (primarily based in 
Europe) and-the one new area-
defensive weapons in space. 

Besides heading the US negOtiating 
team, Kampelman, a conservative 
Democrat, will be the head of the team 
negotiating space weapons. Republican 
John Tower, a former senator from 
Texas, will be heading the team 
negotiating limits on strategic missiles 
and aircraft. Finally, senior foreign 
service olTicer Maynard Glitman will be 
heading the intermediate-range nuclear 
force (INF) talks, 

Unfortunately, of the three team 
leaders, only Glitman has any arms 
comrol negotiating experience. He was a 
deputy under Paul Nitze, who led the 
INF talks during Reagan's first term. 

itze will nOt be formally negotiating, 

but will be acting as advisor to Secretary 
of tate George Shultz and President 
Reagan. 

Therefore, this team will not only be 
inexperienced, but it will also be 
completely dilTere nt from the team the 
Soviets faced four years ago. This erratic 
US behavior is in stark contrast 10 the 
Soviet Union's emphasis on continuity, 
and it does not bode weJl for swift 
progress in the talks, as each side will 
have to begin anew the process of 
"feeling out" the other side. 

Moreover, the US team is ideologically 
very conservative. Kampelman is a 
member of the Committee on the 
Presem Danger- a hawkish group that 
is constantly warning that the US is 
militarily inferior to the Soviet Union, 
especially in strategiC nuclear weapons. 
Tower, when he was chairman of the 
Senate Armed Service Committee , 
consistently defended every facet of 
Reagan 's nuclear arms build·up. 
Conservatives like Tower and 
Kampelman have long been obsessed 
with eliminating the Soviet numerical 
superiority in land-based missiles-the 
"window of vulnerability"- while the 
Soviets have been equally obsessed with 
protecting their IC BM force from radical 
change. This conflict over land-based 
missiles proved decisive in preveming 
agreement between the two superpowers 
in Reagan's first term. There is little 
evidence that either side has 
Significantly changed its position. 

The negotiations will be further 
complicated by the addition of 
defensive weapons in space (the 
Strategic Defense Initiative to the Reagan 
Admimstration, Star Wars to the rest of 

us). President Reagan has shown no 
indication that he is prepared to back 
down from the strong support he gave 
Star Wars weapons in his nationwide 
speech of March 23, 1983. The Soviets, 
however, now refuse to consider 
limitations on offensive weapons unless 
limitations on defensive weapons are 
achieved. Star Wars may very well 

replace the window of vulnerabiliry as 
the major stumbling block in US-Soviet 
negOliations . 

In the next article, I will examine 
strategic weapons and the window of 
vulnerability, bombers, cruise missiles 
and other devices of destruction, and 
see just which side is actually superior 
militarily. 

n®tttt~IT'~n®tttt®IT'~n®ttfr®li~ll®tttt(~m~~ll®ttfr®li~ll®fd . 
tt®li~lettersll®frtt®lf~ll®ttfr®li~ll®ttfr®li~ll®ttfr®li 
li~ll~ldt®1f~ll®frtt®li~ll®frfr®lf~ll®fdt®li~ll®ttfr®li~n( 
pur problem 
Editor: 

Like many students on this campus I 
read the article by Lilys McCoy and 
Cathy Tanzer entitled , "Committr.e 
cracks down on drinking"; and like 
many other students 1 am concerned 
about the existing and the newly 
proposed alcohol policies on this 
campus. 1 am also concerned about the 
fact that students have not been given a 
chance to help create the policies that 
will significantly affect the quality of 
student life on their campus. According 
to Dr. Richard Whitehill, chairman of 
the Ad Hoc Committee' on Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse, students will be 
allowed to formally voice their opinions 
at a "hearing" or through existing 
student government channels (College 
Council and the AS). This is aU well and 
good; we can tell them we don't like the 
proposed poliCies, or that we do; or that 
we like some parts and not others, The 
fact remains, however, that it is our 
problem and our responsibility to create 

solutions that maintain the quality of 
student life on this campus. 

The Students For Responsible Drinking 
are concerned about creating policies 
and procedures that better represent the 
needs of this campus. The Students For 
Responsible Drinmng believe that we can 
improve the Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse problems that exist on this 
campus, without imposing the suggested 
poliCies of this Ad Hoc Committee. 

This group of students, that will 
consist of Resident Advisors, College 
Council Chairs, AS Members and 
interested students, feel that we can 
draft a document that can address these 
problems without resoning to virtual 
prohibition on public consumption. If 
you would like to join in this task, the 
first meeting of the Students For 
Responsible Drinking will be Wednesday, 
Feb. 27 at 5 pm in the North 
Conference Room. 

Mary. Rose Alexander 
Chair, Students for Responsible 

Drinking 

Literature Department 
Spring 1985 

The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offers a wide variety of servICes including the 
processing of all student forms, add/drop cards. and advismg on majors and minors. Spring 
Quarter course descriptions are also available. 

lit/En 148 
Gmra in Eng/ish and American UlCTalurc: Charlts Dickens 
lec A TTh 10:00-11:20 PH 104 cc2377 
Film Viewing: T 3:00-4:50 Pl 1110 
Instructor: Edwin Eigner 
We shall read and discuss five novels, representing various stages of the novelist's career. They 
are Olivcr TWISt , DaVId Copperfield, Bleak Home, Our Mutual Fnend. a and San, which we 
shall treat serially throughout the term, one monthly "part" each Another special 
feature of the course is the Tuesday afternoon senes of films tapes. Dickens was 
perhaps the most theatrical of the great noveliStS, and hiS works mto some 
of the finest films , plays, and televiSIOn dramas of our times. 
litlGen 137 
Modon African Liruarurt and Films: 
Images and Audimce-AfICT Itllupmdorce 
lec A TTH 10:00-11 :20 P6Jl 1111 cc2470 
Film Viewing: W 2:00·3:50 USB 3070 
Instructor: Robert Cancel 
From the traditions of storytelhng. through 
Afncan artists have always portrayed the hu 
skillful and evocative ways. ThiS course 
narrative/ cinematic African art, and trace 
cultural and political situations offered by 
novels, plays, films and Videocassettes Will 
papers and participation m discussions 
litlGen 152 
Literaturt and l.uas: 
The Autobiography of LiUian Hellman 
lec B W 7:00·9:50 APM 2113 cc1366 
Instructor. Sinda Gregory 

Video. 
highly 

d genres of 
the complex 

rse continent. Lectures, 
of the class, with three 

evaluation. 

Dunng the four decades that Lllhan Hellman wrote for the theater. she produced 13 plays that 
established her reputation as one of Amenca's most popular and durable playwrights. Years 
after she had retired from the theater, however , she began a new phase as.1 wnter. At the age of 
6't she began a senes of memOirs, memOirs of her childhood. her experiences III the theater, her 
political involvement. and her relationship with Dashiell Hammelt. Thi S course Will examine 
several of her plays (The Children 's Hour, The Llltle Foxes, Wal h 0 11 (he Rhine, The Autumn 
Garden) and her non-fiction wming(An Unfinished Woman, Penllmenlo, 5choundrcl Tmlt , Maybe) 
and consider Hellman's impact both as an anist and as a person. Course requirements. 7· 10 
page paper, midterm and final. 

lit/Gen U8 
Comedy In Raton and film 
lec A TTh " :00-5:20 THl 10 .. cc2 .. 78 
Instructor: Richard Friedman 
Examination of the origin of comedy, its PSI/cholo,j,llcll, 
and literature. Jokes, puns. humor in nf'rlonnar,cp,w.""_,,,_ OI1"-..,OT 
p<'iiucal , religious, sexual and artistic. Texts. 
Earth, Aristophanes, Lysislrala, Shakespeare, A MIGlSurnmj 
Advtntures in Wonderland, Tom Stoppard, 
Jokes and Their Reialion to the Um:onliCioIAS. 
Inspeclor General (Danny Kaye) , What 's N~ 
(lang), A Midsummer Night 's Dream (Royal 
litlGen U9 
Popu/QT UlD'arurt: California UlD'atu~ 
Lec A MWF 10:00·10:50 EXT 142 cc2479 
Instructor: Paul Draman 
The course will begin wtih lectures on California Indian cultures and myths and upon 19th 
Century visitors such as Dana, Twain and Stevenson. We will begin our reading with the Iargest-
selling American author in the Soviet Union, Jack London, and his autobiographical novel, 
Martin Eden . Frank Norris' portrayal ofthe railroad , The OClOpuS, will be read at the same time we 
see the silent film Greed, which is based upon Norris' McTeague. Next, the Nobel Prize winner 
Steinbeck's Grapes of Wrath will be read and we will see the film version ofhls East of Eden . Since 
most of the best California writing has occurred around San Francisco, Ferlinghetti and Peters' 
Literary San FranCISCO will be read throughout the quarter. Not to slight our own region, two of the 
beSt Hollywood novels. West's The Day oflhe Locust andJoan Didion's Play it as it Lays will be 
read To accou nt for more recent decades. Kerouac's The Dharma Bums will be read in 
conjunction With a required read 109 of selected poems by such California poets as Jeffers, 
Rexroth, Everson, Miles, Dun an, Spicer. Snyder, Whalen, Welch, Bukowski , Barnes, etc. I will 
particularly emphasize the relation of California with the Orient during this part of the course 
and our final boo~ for discussion will be Maxine Hong Kingston's Woman Warrior. If it can be 
arranged, we will see the film, Chan IS hors not read but discussed: Hammett, 
Chandlcr, Brautigan , ctc. Hopefully, too, film, Chmatown, will be seen. 
lit/Gen 177 
Psychoanalysis and LilD'aturr: 
Freud on An and on Cast Sludia 
lee A M " :00·6:50 TCHB 119 cc2483 
Instructor: Alain J.-J. Cohrn 
Freud's famous case studies will be d"Lu,,~ 
a) possible literary narratives, 
b) applied psychoanalysis, n thhjc(;' 1 ~~~:~~I~=~e~t~~~~~j 
c) the relerential codes (h¥~ ~na~ P 
therapeutic technique. 
d) the manifestoes anl'd~~,r~~(r~~~r~~~r;~; and their theoretical .~ time. 
The fOLus of the i;~~~i~~~~ mterpretation of dreams and the sessIOns will be 
deVOlI'd to the (Leonardo, 
Michelangelo, Signorelli , discussions of 
the case studies. 

Thursday, Feb 21, 1985 7 

Cover story 

SBPC seeks end to CIA recruiting 
, 

By RENEE WENRICK Contributing News Editor 

I N THE FAll. OF 1975, 600 UCSD students confronted former UC President David Saxon in protest of 
University ties to the Central 
Intelligence Agency. Two years later, 
during another visit to San Diego, Saxon 
was picketed again by UCSD students 
on the same issue. 

Despite these protests and many 
others, the CIA continues to recruit on 
campus. Today, with a number of 
students interested in CIA careers, with 
the appearance of CIA recruiters at 
colleges, and with a recent anti-CIA 
recruitment proposal by the UC Student 
Body Presidents' Council (SBPC), this . 
controversial issue has re·emerged 
throughout the University. 

According to the SBPC's proposal, 
students at Iowa State, Cornell, Kansas 
State, Stanford, 11linois, Tufts and UC 
Riverside have protested the return of 
CIA recruiters. 

The proposal cites a number of 
reasons for the SBPC's opposition 
towards CIA recruitment on UC 
campuses: the CIA's homophobic 
policies that add to the oppression of 
gay and lesbian persons; the Agency's 
illegal and extralegal activities; a CIA 
rnanual which advocates violence in 
controlling sovereign nations; and the 
investigation of the CIA by US officials 
which will be conducted this year. 

The proposal concluded by saying, 
"Be it resolved that each student 
government in the University of 
California system actively work to 
discourage CIA involvement at its 
respective campus." 

of California and the Central Intelligence 
Agency. According 10 this report, these 
documents reveal extensive UC/ CIA 
connections, including a number of 
research contracts between the 
University and the Agency. 

Victor Mitzman, an SCU member, 
explained that at one time SCU served 
as the student government for UCSD 
undergraduates until decertified by the 
Administration in 1977. Afterwards, the 
Administration announced the 
certification of Associated Students. 

Mitzman claims that one of the 
underlying reasons for the 
decertification was SCU's anti-CIA 
activity. Since then SCU has been 
engaged in on-going research of 
UC/CIA relations. 

"The CIA is very heavily involved in 
all UC schools. Recruiting is the most 
visible and, in some ways, the most 
insignificant," said Mitzman. 

He added that University research 

said. The group is also preparing to 
make available at the UCSD Central 
Library microfiche of the UC/ CIA 
documents it has obtained. 

"Ultimately, we'd like to make it 
available to aU the UC campuses: 
Mitzman added. 

Another argument, mentioned in 
SBPCs proposal, notes that student 
registration fees support the Career 
Planning and Placement Office, thereby 
supporting the CIA recruitment that 
works through that office. 

Greg Arnold, UCSO's SBPC 
representative, explains: "Employers use 
Career Planning and Placement, and 
that's funded by registration fees . What 
you have is a case where student money 
is being used by an organization that's 
homophobic. It's a gray area. It's not 
that they have a right to be 
homophobic, but traditionally a lot of 
people have looked the other way since 
they are part of the military and it's a 

Stewart Lozano, a UC Berkeley SBPC 
representative, said there is no policy 
regarding CIA recruitment on campuses 
but there is a policy of non· 
djscrimirtation based on sexual 
orientation that must be fullowed by any 
organization that has a contract with the 
University. According to Lozano, the 
Army and the CIA have not been forced 
to adhere to this policy because the 
University claims to not have contracts 
with them. 

"Careers that can make a difference"-from CIA recruiting "!an ua I. 

"The students say the UniverSity 
won't admit that they do have contracts 
with them. We're trying to get the 
administration to include in the policy 
(of non-discrimination) any federal 
government branch that has research 
money with us," said Lozano. 

The UCSO Student Cooperative 
Union (SCU) has been investigating 
UC/ClA relations. Their studies, which 
are based on 2,500 CIA documents 
obtained through the Freedom of 
Information Act, have been published in 
a book entided UCIA-A Ctnsortd 
History oj Relations Bttwctn the University 

projects funded by the CIA are examples 
of "significant" ties between the 
University and the Agency. 

According to the UClA, one such 
research project funded by the CIA was 
a climate prediction study at UCSO's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
The research began in the 19605 and 
was still in progress when UClA was 
published in 1983. 

Although the book states that the 
reason for Agency interest in this 
panicular project "has not been 
positively detennined," it notes the CIA's 

\ historic involvement in weather warfare 
waged over Cuba and Vlemam. 

Currendy, the SCU is awaiting more 
documents requested through the 
Freedom of Information Act, Mitzman 

Men and women who are willing to allow 
professional hair stylists to design a new spring & 
summer look, 
Desired style photos will be displayed and 
consultations will be held Monday through Friday, 
9:00 am to 5:30 pm through Februqry. 
The class will be held March 11 th at 1:00 pm. 
Each model will receive a new hair style plus a 
perm or highlighting. 
For more Information call Rhonda. 

454-0785 
Ii untrldge tialrstyles 

In the Summer House Inn • La Jolla Shores 

national security issue. This is the way 
CIA recruitment is being looked at by a 
lot of people." 

On the other side of the coin. the 
demand for CIA employment among 
students has been on the increase. 
Arnold noted that UCSD's Job Fair last 
October wimessed a crowded CIA 
recruiting table. 

"The irony i~, they're recruiting-the 
heaviest on the more radical campuses, 
like Berkeley and UCSD, because there's 
a demand. Many students want to work 
for the CIA again. That type of service 
for the government is becoming much 
more attractive," Arnold said. 

Besides a renewed interest among 
students, Arnold added that the "heavy" 

recruiting may be due 10 the fact that 
"the CIA needs quality college graduates, 
and the University of California is the 
largest potential pool." 

ASUCSD President Marc Boroditsky 
said that at this time the student 
government has not taken a position 
concerning CIA recruitment. However, 
he said, "To not allow the CIA access is 
a form of censorship. This is a public 
university." 

According to Larry Curran, chief of 
CIA Recruitment Operations in 
Virginia, recruiters have not 
reappeared on campuses; it's just that 
"people are taking notice of them 
again." 

"1 think the conclusion that the press 
has arrived at is that all of a sudden the 
CIA decided to move on campus again. 
That's not true. We didn't make any 
conscientious decision to do that: 
Curran said . 

Curran said there has nOt been a recent 
"up-swing" in the number of students 
interested in Agency careers, although the 
numbers remain at a "respectable level" 
such that they "didn't need an up-swing." 
The CIA's two most productive 
recruitment areas are New York and 
Southern California. 

"We find tht the students at UCSO 
have always been good candidates," 
Curran added. 

The next CIA campus recruiting effort 
will take place on April 22 at UCSD's 
Career Planning and Placement. 

Kathy Pherson of the CIA Public 
Affairs Office in Virginia said there 
are LOO,OOO to 200,000 students -
nationwide who demonstrate 
"expressions of interest in Agency 
employment every year." However, she 
noted, these figures represent students 
who merely show interest in the CIA, 
not those who actually begin the "very 
severe security process" which could 
take six to nine months. 

When asked if the CIA's public image 
has improved in the last few years, 
Pherson answered, "I think it's very 
cyclical. It depends upon people's 
opinion of the administration and the 
administration's foreign policy. We are 
not a policy maker but rather a 'carrier-
out-of.' As much as an intelligence 
agency tries not to be part of the 
political fray, unfortunately it often ends 
up being there ." 

Pherson added that people in general 
tend to think the work of an agent is 
like that of James Bond rather than the 
hard work that it is. 

"There are people who risk their lives 
to provide information to the US 
government through the CIA: said 
Pherson. ~ 

Saturday, March 3 
10 am - 2 pm $8 

ryr 
--SIgn l4' and delaill at x4007 
~ AdmInIstrtJtto. 0ftIceI 
Department of PhvIIcoI Educatton 



, . 

1-, 

8 Th u rsda\', F,'~ 21 , 1985 

A Boom Town 
By LAURIE VOLKIN 1St DR. HUGH BRADNER 

(The first parT of thiS perspectives SlOry 
comes from Profe sor Hugh Bradner 
(AMES. Emrntus) at UCSD He was active 
In lhe Manhattan Project fro m 1943-1945, 
\\orhingfor rhe Dcparrnlcnr of Energ)1 In 
Los Alamos. l'W Mc>.i 0 He tlim went 10 
tcach at Berkeley for 15 years) 

T HE PLACE. SITE Y; the tune 1943; to family and friends it was P.O. Box 1663, to outsiders it 
Simply did nO! eXIst. What was this 
Isolated sec:re!\ve town that had no 
identity on a map? It was Los Alamos, 

ew Mexico, home of the Manhattan 
Project; test site of the first atomic bomb 
which ended World War 11. 

Arriving in Los Alamos around 1943, I 
was one of the first technical people to 
settle in. Hundreds of top-notched 
scieruists from all parts of the United 
States and Europe gathered here to work 
on classified, war-related atomic 
research. 

The future lab sites were to be 
directed by Professor Roben 
Oppenheimer, or "Oppie," as we called 
him. Before I even arrived, Oppie was 
busy selling up sites for the labs, 
keeping everyone infonned about 
everything. There were no 
communication barriers between him 
and janitors, secretaries and even 
machine shop people. Basing most of 
his decisions on instinct rather than 
books and hard facts, he had a genuine 
committment and senSitivity to their 
problems. 

In the beginning of the project, the 
rate of new families constantly arriving 
on the mesa never ceased. My wife 
Marge and I lived in a [WO story-high 
army barracks building that was similar 
10 all the housing constructions in Los 
Alamos. Green in color with no modem 
facilities or telephones, all in-coming 
scientists were to stay here. "Bathtub 
Row" was a name given to a small 
section of houses that had belonged to 
the Boys Ranch School They were well-
built cottages, where all the big names 
like Oppie, Enrico Fenni and the Navy 
Captain lived . 

The town , isolated and located deep in 
the jemez mountains, had no banks, 
clothing stores or facilities of any son. The 
only stores that existed were a small local 
grocery store and a trading post. 

If we needed to do shopping or banking' 
transactions of any son, we were permitted 
10 go to Santa Fe (45 miles away) in small , 
or individual, groups. We were not allowed 
to interact with the townspeople, and our 
identity was through numbers. They did 
not know who we were or why we were at 
Site Y. But, it seemed their curiousity was 
piqued through the mountains where they 
could see our lights shining at night and 
columns of chimney smoke in the day. 
Conservatively, they remained reserved 
and asked few questions, 

It seemed that no person. place or 
object had a name; instead, things were 
indenufiable by numbers and letters. 
Our marriage, which occured on the 
Old Pecos Road in Santa Fe, had to be 
alienated from close friends and family. 
Oppie gave the bride away, and similar 
to evetything that was categorized , we 
were married by number. 

My main responsibilities in the labs 
centered around implOSIOn, which I 
worked on for about a year. Expecting 
to familiarize ourselves with any aspect 
that could help contribute to the project, 
we had technical meetings each week to 
keep up a close-knit line of 

communication and research. It was 
intensive hard work. There was no such 
thing as stopping our thinking or work 
for the day. Many times our discussions 
would last long into the night. Even 
once or twice a week, when we would 
relax and get mildly drunk, we would 
have "technical bull sessions" that would 
go on into the ~oming hours. 

Recreation and outdoor activities were 
a big pan of our relaxation and 
enjoyment of Los Alamos. Since many of 
us had our own cars, we would take 
weekly drives and enjoy the beautiful 
picturesque mountains of the jemez and 
Sangre de CriSto. Skiing, hiking, tennis 
and horseback riding were all favorites . 

I, like many others, found the 
isolation of the [Own [0 be quite 
exciting, a real pioneering activity. 
Although there was no culture, no ans , 

museums or theater, we managed to 
enjoy first rate musIc through the many 
talented pianists In our presence. One 
in panicular was Edward Teller. 

As the war continued on and up until 
june, 1945, we had no official 
confirmation that the war would soon 
end . When August hit, we knew we had 
changed the whole scope of American 
science for future years to come. 

The moral questions raised were 
diverse as well as skeptical. While some 
of us felt a fast ending [0 the war 
compensated for the destrucllon of 
Hiroshima and Nagasaki, others felt an 
agonizing soul-searching effon. OverdU, I 
believe it was more a question of relief 
that it had been successful , than an 
emotional one . We had been dedicated 
from the stan of the Manhattan Project 
in strengthening our fighting ability, and 
becomming completely dedicated to 
fulfilling this end . 

The central policy in Los Alamos after 
the war was a movement of intemational 
peace and cooperation. Atomic bombs 
would not be used again, and the 
benefits of a[Omic power would be used 
for peaceful application, sharing and 
furure energy. 

Most of us had future plans to return 
back [0 university life, where we could 
pursue individual research and projects. 
My friend Bob Wilson, an energetic and 
creative scientist, was one of the many 
who decided to gear future effons on 
pure science, leaving behind classified 
and war-related research. 

As the summer months closed, Marge 
and I packed up to leave our temporary 
home. We stepped outside to hear the 
quiemess and peacefulness of the [Own. 
Many had already left, returning back to 
a once familiar lifestyle. The sky was 

blue, the sun was bright, and a new era 
was about to begin. 

* * * As I rolled out my US map on the 
floor, I quickly spotted Los Alamos. It 
was now clearly and visibly marked . 

Curious and eager, I went over to ask 
my dad if I could go to the lab with him 
today. He told me I would need a 
security pass JUSt to get through the first 
gate . I then remembered the rows df 
barbed wire that surrounded his lab and 
the yellow signs that were visible 
yielding warnings of "No Trespassing" 
and "fallout shelter." He grabbed his 
coat and tie , promising to take me to 
h IS work area on a speCified visiting 
day. I continued flipping through a 
history book of Los Alamos, learning 
about its lOp-secret involvement with 
atomic energy in WWU. Great scientific 
names such as Oppenheimer, Femu 
and TeDer, were now past history. found 

only in pages of documents or 
museums. 

I was not very much aware of the 
scientific elitism I was saturated in, 
except that it seemed like everybody's 
parents worked in the labs. Everybody 
seemed to have moved here from a large 
metropolitan city; everybody seemed to 
have a PhD; everybody was employed in 
the labs. The labs spread wide over Los 
Alamos, maintaining its top research 
position in nuclear energy. Since the 
war, it had broadened its scope, 
covering more areas of thermonuclear 
power, biology, geology and peacetime 
application of future energy resources. 

Many of the original army houses 
remain, along with old abandoned 
security towers that were used during 
the war. Los Alamos now seems 
different than the pages of the history 
book, growing into a more livable 
suburb, with shopping facilities, banks 
and paved roads. 

Enjoying my days in Los Alamos, 1 
found it similar to kids growing up m 
other towns. I went to school, I took 
math and science courses, I played 
spans and I enjoyed the outdoor life. 

My parents seemed to continuany 
remind me it was not similar to other 
towns. Maybe it was because it was 
tucked away in the jemez mountains of 
nonhem New Mexico, or because it only 
had one movie theater, high school, 
library and Sonic. It was a suburb 
without a City, a mesa with one road 
leading off the "hill" to Santa Fe and 
Albuquerque . We would do aD our major 
shopping once a month in Albuquerque 
which was 100 miles away. I enjoyed 
watching my parents bum holes in their 
Visa charge buying every major . 
appliance, clothing or car pan available, 
insisting Los Alamos never had anythmg 
you needed except a Big Mac and a G-
rated movie . But, this did seem true. 
The new McDonald's was the height of 
our social «;vents, a major meeting 
sanctuary for panies and small town 
gOSSip. And , indeed, there was one 
movie theater that was either G-rated or 
outdated . I guess Los Alamos was nO! 
first on the list of major metropolitan 
cities to receive current, first rate or 
foreign movies. 

No matter how beautiful Los Alamos 
IS , surrounded by mountains, pine trees 
and mesas, it will continue to be a 
unique, isolated SCientific community. I 
knew when my dad staned planting 
shrubbety in our sailboat that had been 
docked on the side of our house for 12 
years, that It was time to stop playing 
with pet snakes, time to stop running 
over tarantulas in our Honda. time to 
Stop catching rolling tumbleweed and 
trade It all in for Del Mar condo, 
waterskiing classes at Mission Bay and a 
college education of UCSD. CJ 

Thursday, Feb. 21, 1985 9 

tha writgr'g 0 

Getting to the root of what bugs you 
By PHIL LAUDER 

O NE IS TEMPTED to think of the relationship be[Ween the mouse and the elephant. How can a 
thing so tiny, so fragile, frighten a 
monster so large, so relatively 
omnipotent? 

And so It is with bugs and humans. 
Bugs are but tiny creatures, inSignificant 
in scale compared to the human form. 
Yet their power over their larger Eanhly 
cohabitants is obvious: Crawly things 
basically scare the hell out of us. 

For some of us , bugs aren't a big deal. 
They don't bother us, they don't matter 
at all. They're there. For more of us, 
bugs are just disgusting, repulsive 
creatures that we'd rather weren't 
around, but we11live . And for the rest of 
us-males and females, tall and shon, 
emotional and un-bugs are 
horrendous, panic-provoking Devil-
sends that will elicit a scream of 
ultimate proponions at the slightest 
view. 

It is very amusing to see a tough-guy 
type-someone about 6-3 with a beard 
and mean, ugly eyes-recoil with fear 
and basically freak out at the sight of a 
tiny brown spider whose only intent is 
to weave his web and catch his flea for 
the month. It happens-you've seen it. 
And it's very amusing-amusing, that is, 
unless the tough-guy type is you, and 
then it ain't funny. 

It makes a lot of sense to be 
somewhat worried when a black widow 
spider appears at your doorstep to greet 
you at 6:30 in the morning. Black 
widows are deadly, and somewhat 
ominous looking. Tarantulas, while not 
so deadly, al'C ~ven more ominous 
looking, and fear is a pretty expeqable 
response. But it doesn't make a lot of 
sense to be scared of most other bugs. 
Take cockroaches. They can't really do 
anything to you. They won't bite you on 
the index finger and send you to 

intensive care. They don't even look all 
that menacing, really. Ugly, yes-
menacing, no. All they do all day is loaf 
around and look for food and a place to 
hang OUI. But they do it well. 

Not that I'm the president of the 
Cockroach Fan Club. I'm not even 01 
the mailing list. 

I live in the Nonh Mesa Apartments-
very nice apanments, clean, close, 
comfortable. And full of bugs. 
Cockroaches, mostly, although I hear 
that those in neighboring apanments 
also have problems with ants and 
probably a few others six-legged 
creatures. Which is just lovely. When I 
first moved in, I was told by my 
roommates that no food could be left 

they scout, the masses behind the 
counters and drawers and underneath 
the sink and everywhere else you can 
think of. .. and can't think of. 

For most of us the first response 
upon seeing a roach at 3 in the 
morning is to let out some son of 
utterance-usually not a friendly one-
and grab for the paper towels. You 
know what comes next. The hunt. 
Predator vs. prey. If prey is In the open, 
he's dust; otherwise , prey returns to the 
nooks and crannies from whence he 
came, which makes you feel real good 
as you go back to a restful night's sleep. 

Our apanment is blessed in that at 
least it is not plagued with ants. My 
parents' hOlne has ants. I hate ants. Ants 

Take cockroaches. They can't really do anything 
to you, They won't bite you on the index finger and 
send you to intensive care. They don't even look all 
that menacing. Ugly, yes-menacing, no. 

out; I couldn't even leave my toaster out, 
since toasters are replete with bread 
crumbs that will feea an army of 
roaches for weeks on end. So I wrapped 
everything that could be dangerous, and 
I went out of my way to keep thin~ 
clean, as did and do my roommates. 

I guess it helped. Roaches don't line 
our waRs and counters. But it didn't get 
rid of the little snits completely. They 
are around. They are. When I get up at 
3 to get a bite of food or a drink of 
water, there they are-brown, ugly as 
sin, with beedy little eyes and little 
feelers pointed hither and thither. And 
there ain't a damn thing you can do 
about them; the TWO or three you see are 
bur symbols of the masses for which 

are damn sman. They're so sman that 
they've got us thinking that they're 
stUpid JUSt because they're insects. Hey, 
who knows what kind of intricate 
communication system they've devised? 
We sure don't know. One ant finds a 
dead piece of lollypop on the floor, and 
the call is sounded, a son of French 
National Anthem for ants. Marthon, 
marchon. How the hell do they do that? 
For that matter, how do they even find 
their ~y back and fonh from their 
nests? What do they teD each other 
when they bump along the way? "Hey 
jim, how's it going? How's the wife and 
kids? Yeah, there's food over there-a 
piece of lollypop one of those fools 
must've dropped. Cheny, I think. Have 

a good time. Catch you on the flip-flop ." 
Who knows? Ants are amazing. And I 
hate their little guts. 

I suppose that the best way to keep 
ants at a minimum is to not spill the 
Wyler's lemonade powder while mixing 
up a pitcher. But that's not enough. It's 
always something. If it's not one thing 
it's another. If it's not the dead lollypop 
fragment, it's the Wyler's lemonade, or 
it's the crumbs from the VG donut, or a 
smear of the strawbeny preserves from 
your late-night PB&j binge. It's always 
something. 

I used to think that if you kept a 
house immaculate, kept all hints of food 
locked up or in the refrigerator. that you 
could keep your house free of bugs. Free 
of ants and cockroaches and mites and 
anything else that tends to invade 
modem suburbia, and urbia too, for that 
mauer. 

I am no longer so convinced. 
After suffering through a lame 

defensive effon against these dudes, 
many of us tum to the offense. The big 
guns. RAID. Big ugly cans full of 
pesticide. Their vile contents are spread 
everywhere the ants are. The ants die, 
all right. So does anyone who tries to 
eat in the kitchen during the next week. 

I'm not a fan of pesticides. They 
bother me. I don't know what's in them. 
Not that I really know what's in my 
jeno's frozen pizza, either. But that's 
different. You know. 

So I still try to avoid the pesticides by 
trying to fight the battle of prevention 
against these swine. Ants, roaches, 
mites, silverftsh-creepy crawly things 
all of them. The war wages on. On the 
subject of war, however, I must note that 
long after the nuclear mushroom has 
cleared out all of us homo sapien types, 
there will be the creepy crawly things. 
Roaming around empty countenops at 3 
in the morning. And no one will be 
there to reach for the paper towels. ~ 

L 'amour perdu Write for 
Perspectives By BRUCE GOLD 

A long time ago, when the little boy 
still dared to dream of a life he could 
never have , he met a beautiful girl with 
creamy skin and hair of a perfect color 
with a voice that made the sweetest 
music with a hean and a mind so big 
and wide, so tender. And he left her on 
the streets of Vienna, in Austria, in 
Europe, one gray morning. But before he 
did, he kissed her, he kissed her lips, 
her mouth , and he said, in the language 
of love, the most beautiful in the world, 
to his precious one: "Sois fone, Maria, 
sois fone pour mol." And too soon and 
he knew, his life was over, his dream 
was dead, she vanished, and he knew 
then, that never again would he ('ome 
so close, that he missed his chance, that 
that was the end. And of course he was 
right , and so he lived in sadness. 

And now, the sadness has become 
too much for him to bear, and so he 
settles for what is pos ible, for a realistic 
li fe , a happy one to be sure, but not the 
one he could have had, not the one he 
really wanted , that he almost had . 
Because fate was cruel, and forced hI m 
to accept the banal truth . And he no 
longer tries, he no longer carcs, but 
sometimes. when he remembers how 
close he came, he sheds tears , tears of 
regret that tream down his hceks, fast 
and fUriOUS, stubborn tears , that fall in 
vain, because he can change nothing, 
his way is paved , and he walks it. 

The magic he'll feel will light his 
heart, surely, he will fall in love, but 
never again with a dream; he dreams no 
more, the world and his pain have won 

.. / 

out, and the little boy who never had a 
chance to win, is a little boy no longer. 
He has become like everybody else , who 
does what they can . who is just trying to 
get by, to survive. And he hates his life 
.lnd his world , for all it denies him, and 
would prefer to never have lived ill all , 
and would prefer to Just be done with it 
all . That faraway day, that spark of 
hope, is gone , and the beautiful music 
he will one day make will never sound 
as sweet as it could have sounded, had 
his dreams come true, had his Lord 
made his burden of a different son. For 
he blames his Creator, who, all-
Knowing, has made his life a hell. 

• ...u. 

contact: 
Christopher Can ole 
Perspectives Editor 

452·6580 



. -

, . 

10 Thtmday, Fd,. 21, 1985 
'~': . "' ... ,,~ . :':,: .. : .. 

The UCSD rugby ream full-on threw themselves into action during last weekend's OMBAC 
Tournament. The TrilOns fa ced Long Beach State, Loyola, Irvine and Colorado. Fun was had 
by all even though UCSD placed 11th out of 12 leams. 

UCSD rugby travels to OX)' Saturday 

A rugged sport 
By ALICIA AGOS, Sporrs Editor 

YOU ALMOST WOULDN'T EXPECT the rugby team to still be out on Muir Field . After they were 
deprived of their share of intercollegiate 
funds , who could really blame them if 
interest fell off and the team itself 
disbanded? It is , as the Tritons 
themselves have found , tough to make 
the swi t h from an intercollegiate sport 
to a club sport. 

But if the UCSD rugby team lacks 
money, it cenainly doesn't lack 
enthusiasm. Admirably. It is canying on 
an traditional rugby fashion . This past 
weekend brought the two-day OMBAC 
(Old Mission Beach Athletic Club) 
Tournament. UCSD faced the lakes of 
tOurnament finalist Long l3each State, 
Loyola, Irvine and Colorado, and 
consequently placed I llh of 12 teams. 
Despite the less than outstanding 
outcome, club president Mark Rousseau 
repons, "It was fun . Everyone had a 
good time. Our coach [Tom ButlerJ saw 
a k>t of good play, but he also saw a lot 
of room for improvement." 

The first game , against Long Beach (a 
team Butler deems the # 1 college team 
on the Wesl Coast), ended in a 10-4 
UCSD loss despite some quality play on 
the Tritons' pan. Against Loyola, 
however, it wasn't such a happy stOry. 
Rousseau admitted, "We played terrible. 
They weren't that good and we played 
so bad. Our tackling was horrible ." A 12-
o loss put the Tritons funher down in 
the losing bracket. 

Irvine went by in a similar fashion , 

but with Colorado, things began to look 
up. Reports Rousseau, "We came out 
strong in the first half and went ahead 
8-0. But we let up in the second half 
and they tied us, 8-8." The game went 
imo ovenime, and with Steven Moore's 
successful drop kick, the Tritons got a 
win to get them 11th place. 

Of the many athletes who came out 
for the team this year, even more have 
had little or no previous cxperience 
pia yang rugby. Butler. who performs his 
coaching duties free of charge, faced 
this team with mixed emotions. "I find 
that each year there are so many new 
players that we go back to scratch. I 
don't think that the returning players 
have the chance to develop to their full 
potential. But therc's no problem with 
these guys. 0 friction . It's nice because 
the enthusiasm of the inexperienced 
guys is infection. It pumps the other 
guys up. Hopefully, we'll take the new 
players and rlevelop them into a playmg 
force . What we're doing is giving these 
players an outlet to their studies. This is 
an intense school. This [rugbyJ is an 
extension of their studies." 

In bad moments-and this team has 
seen quite a few-the players seem to 
pull together more. Rousseau thinks that 
"this year the team is more together. 
With the cut (from the Intercollegiate 
Depanment) and everything, we've been 
dealt some bad cards. But the money 
situation isn't the worst thing. We have 
a lot of players out and we can easily 
field twO teams." Ei] 

':': .. ~ . 

Baseball's week in review 

The saga continues ... 
By JOHN SCHACHT, Staff Writer 

O K SPORTS FANS, it's time to catch up on the saga of this year's Triton nine as we rejoin 
their queSt for a little respect and an 
NCAA Division III playoff belth. When 
we last heard of these brave men, they 
had just embarked on their journey and 
had amassed a pleasant-but not 
testing-3-O record. Rumors had spread 
through the region that there was a new 
kid on the block who wanted to prove 
something. Over the past week the 
Tritons got their chance to prove it six 
times, and considering their 
competition, emerged with a respectable 
3-2-1 record. That makes them 6-2-1 
overaD, Einstein. 

The Tritons suffered their first loss of 
the year in a game they should have 
won, and got a loss and a tie in their 
twO games versus Div. I schools. More 
importantly, however, UCSD went 3-1 
against Div. m opponents, and this is 
where the future of this drama lies. 
Games against powerhouses like SDSU 
are mere tune-ups for the prime time of 
Div. III competition. Will the Tritons 
make the playoffs? What if they beat 
SDSU? Will the pitching staff hold up? 
When will the Triton bats really 
explode? For these answers, stay tuned. 
UCSD vs. Oc:dckntal CoUqe. Feb. U 

RWtthander Frank Califano gained 
his first victory of the year in his first 
stan, and UCSD IJ>l three hits from 
Marc WiDiarns as the Tritons beat Div. 
III rival Occidental at Olsen Field, 6-2. 

The Tritons scored at least one run in 
every inning from the second through 
the sixth. "We've had a tendency to be 
a little complacent in the middle 
innings, and that was a concern. Today 
was definitely a step in the right 
direction for us," said Yates. "and we 
played an all-around good game today." 

UCSD punched out ten hilS, David 
Stanovich, Bob Natal and Jim Manln 
getting twO each in addition to 
Williams' three. Defensively, the Tritons 
played errorless ball for the first time 
this season. 
UCSD vs. La Verne (2). Feb. 16 

Rod Serling would have loved this 
one. What began as an innocent little 
Saturday doubleheader between twO Div. 
III baseball schools at Olsen Field turned 
into an excursion into a dimension 
wonhy of any Twilight ZOnt rerun. UCSD 
and La Verne entered a place where 
time and space meant nothing, wehre 
appartnt ground-rule doubles were, in 
reality, home runs, where would-be 
doubleplay bans scored runners from 
second, where runners reached base on 
catcher's interference caDs and 12 
Tritons reached base-without ever 
coming home. It was a time when what 
should have been "a great day for two" 
turned into a strange day for one and a 
half, and when a basebaD P!lle was 
called on account of f'o2. flybaUs were 
hit into oblivion as oudielders 
communicated with each other by 
foghorn. To add to this aura of 

irf 

ARGO 7 

This week we focus on broomball-an obscure but enthusiastic SpOrt well 
known to all Revelle dormles Led by Capt. Henry Chang, Argo 7 defeated 
Commuter 2 in ovenime 1-0 on a goal by Brian Lawrence to win the 
cherished broombaU championship of Revelle College. As most of you know. 
Argo only has six floors . Henry, Brian. Rob Crews and ScOtt Hill (all 
upperclassmen on a freshman floor) decided to secede from their own floor 
and Argo 7 was born. They breezed through theIr firsl four games against 
inferior dorm teams and almost met their match in the finals. After losing last 
year's final, Argo 7 was determined not to come up shon this year As Rob 
says, "Argo 7 IS not just a floor , it's a state of mind ." 

. ~.. . 

Bob Natal punched out two hits in the 
game against Occidental. 

unreality, the Tritons played a "terrible 
game" according to their coach and 
LOST. For the first time this year. 
Whoa. Too weird. 

Luckily lor the Tritons, the fog made 
its entrance after the bottOm of the fifth 
in the second game, thus making it an 
official game and allowing them to 
squeak out a 3-2 victory and thereby 
salvage ~ split of the doubleheader. 
UCSO 'V5. UC Irvine, Feb. 18 

David met a Goliath and forgot his 
sling1ihot. That was not a good idea. 
This past Monday UCSD traveled up to 
UC Irvine to play a single game against 

Thursday. Feb. 21, 1985 11 
S~LTS ' 

the Div. I ream. Irvine's Anteaters 
swamped UCSD 11-1, scoring seven 
runs in the sixth inning to blow open a 
3-0 game. Bob Natal got the only Triton 
RBI , driving in Dave Stanovich. Stalter 
Rick Davis got the loss in a game in 
which the Tritons could not stop the 
Anteaters, who pounded the Triton staff 
for 15 hits while Irvine righthander Brett 
Manin and reliever David L1Rose 
limited UCSD to six hits. 
ucsn vs. usn. Feb. 19 

The Tritons and USD went after each 
other in a IS-round (nine-inning) 
slugfest that ended in an 8-8 tie when 
the game was called due to darkness. 
USD struck first for two runs in the first 
without the benefit of a hit as stalter 
Frank Califano walked four in the 
inning. UCSD struck back in the first as 
second baseman David Stanovich hit 
the first pitch about 400 feet to 
straightaway center for a double. One 
out later John Roseness tripled to deep 
right-center to drive in Stanovich and 
then scored on a groundout. The score 
see-sawed through the first four before 
USD put Califano behind 5-4 and then 
tagged reliever Dan Illingwolth (making 
his first appearance of the year) for 
three runs in the seventh. UCSD puDed 
within three when Stanovich-who was 
three for four on the day-singled in a 
run in the seventh. 

The drama really began to mount in 
the bottom of the eighth when Klaudio 
Biazcvich atoned for a booted 
doubleplay ball in the seventh by 
doubling in two runs to pull the Tritons 
within one. In the bottom of the ninth, 
with two out and a fun count on him, 
catcher Dan DiMascio (who had earlier 
hit a solo homer) tripled in pinchrunner 
Pat Quinn to tie the game. That's where 
it ended, as pinchhitter Jack Meerchaum 
struck out and night feU. 

Stay tuned. Il::J 

1r AX CCILHNHCC 
WIth Apt! 15th,lull around the comer, DOW Is the 
time to ......... your tu....,.,. Wcxbhop will 
Include _1ntrodudoIy lecture on how to lie 
your IncomI ta. UMbuiccledudlona •• 
wd • • quadonI_ period. 

Wed. 
Peb. 

6·10 
27 

pm 
$6 

SIgn up and details at x4007 
~ AdmInlsllottve 0IIIces 
[)epa a PhVllcoI Educotion 

7140 ~ RD., SAN DIEGO ONLYI 



CIas"'.t NwnIIIng splICe Is lOkI '" ~ 
ch.r.cter Increments. E.ch letter, 
punclUMlon rMrtc .nd .... ~.n 
words Is considered • cNncIIer, with 

~II""" COU"'.IWD~ 
1he ,..e Is S1 per 100 cNnIcIIIrs lor 
IIUdenII Mel Sl per 100 cNntc:IerI for 
norHludenll. You must come bylheofllce 
« ..... , In yoAIIM, .. w.,....",. JNIYIM"t 
In ~ of publl~ De .. ."..,. 
5 pm 1'UeIdiIy for Thundlly's JNIPIr, 5 pm 
FrtdIIr for Monc:llly's "..,. For mare 
InfonnIICIon c.l14R-J466. lhe~, 
UCSD, 1-016, &.II Jolla. CA 92093. 

1983 Honda NC50 Express motortyele, 80 
mi/ga/, 1860 mi. ~chanics repair manual. 
$300. 4SCK>765. 12/211 

Tama Imperialstar 5 pc. drum set. Black, 
w/Zildjian cymbals. Pro quality. Call Dave, 
453-5440· 12/21) 

1975 Datsun B-210, exit medl. cond., am-fm 
stereo cassette, 30 1Tl>Q, SI900. Audrey 450-
9052 after 5 pm. 12/21) 

Stereo: Sony receiver, neIN $450, now SII9. 
Akai receiver, new S25O, now SII9; Bic 
tumtable, new Sl80, now S69. Pioneer 
receiver new SI30, now S59; Sansui rece~r, 
neIN S270, now S129. Surfboard, S39. Call 
Thilo 942-3342. 12/ 25) 

BASS/I<EYBD AMP. Excellent Fender 2-
Channel/70 watts per. Groove tubes, 
ground switch, all great shape. S200/ otfer. 
Mike 286-9825. 13/ 4) 

71 \IW Superbeetle; overhauled engine, new 
tires, excellent shape. S2095 or best after 6. 
450-1476. 12/20 

Marlin 336 T 30/30. Excel. condo Carrying 
case, cleaning kit & trig lock included. S200 
firm. 450-2189. 12/21) 

Anxious to sell 73 Ford Capri SSOO. Rebuilt 
engine-Runs great Call 270-3228 after 1 
pm. 12/21) 

Surfboards for salel 6'4" Downing Hawaii 
single fin, 6' Becker twin fin, S75 each. call 
457-4955. 12/28) 

6'0" Hawaiian Thruster, 6 '0" Channel 
Thruster, both xlnt condit. SI50, SI30. Call 
nights 455-6438. Peter. 12/21) 

Going to Mazatlan, must sell: Hondo " 
electric guitar, Cannon AE-I camera & flash, 
Intellivision with Inte/livoice & 10 game 
cartridges. Call .Jerry 586-0264. 12/21) 

Huge sections of spectacular "wildemess." 
Contact U.S. Gov't. or Peterson Hall, 7 pm 
tonight I 12/21) 

"So you want to be a Muir HA 7' Apps 
available. Pldc upjob referral 0W4329 &It Stu 
Employment Call 452-4200. 12/25) 

Muir HA. apps available ttY'oug, Tues., 
2/26. Pick up job referral #OW4239 at 
Student Ernpb)Iment 12/25, 

RISC pres: a Countly-Western party, Fri nlte 
2-22 In the rec conf room. Oress like your 
f&orite hick. 12/21) 

Summer opportUnity! l..JIie, tr~, ~ In 
Spain ~ summer July 2-Aug. 12 with small 
goup intermediate to ac:MInad students. 
earn 8 units credit learning from natNe 
speakers. Weekend excursions plus seven-
day AndaIuda s~tour. For last spaces 
CDntaCt MilS AdmlssQls/SS1, 425 Van 
Buren, Monterey, CA 93940; (408)649-3113 
x~·12/21) 

Interested in discussing nuclear anns7 All are 
welcome to a brown bag lunch with Prof. 
Greb Fri. ~. 22 at noon in the Multi-
Purpose Room. 12/21) 

Want to make at least S50/day 
\oW/interrupting your studies. Call &W'I}'time. 
Damon & Channing 942-5436. 13/111 

The last daj to buy your Jackson Hole t ickets 
is Mar. 8. Don't miss outl Just S287 gets you 5 
d¥ of skiing, accoms, trans and fun Mar. 23-
30. RISC ~ting 2-20, 8 pm, rec conf rm. 
Jackson Hole & Mammoth info. 12/21) 

lose from 10-29 Ibs In just one month 
guaranteed or your S back. call anytime, 
Damon & Channing 942-5436. 13/111 

Come watch the Students kill the Economics 
Professors in a game of soccer. Sunday Feb. 
24 at 2:00 on the Revelle Fie/d. 12/21) 

EMSSA presents Professors Mark Machina 
and luis Gausch of the Economics ~t. for 
some "Live" entertainment in the Pub. 
Tonight at 6:00. 12/21) 

Third College graduating seniors, the time 
has come. to be thinking about speaking at 
graduation. If interested contact the Third 
College Provost's office for details. 12/21) 

~m-61111111 
AIRLINES HIRING, SI4-S39 , 000I 
Stewardesses, Reservationistl Worldwidel 
call for Guide, Directory, Newsletter. 1-916-
944-4444 x UCSDAIR. 12/21) 

Wanted: Tutor for help in a graduate level 
microeconomics course. Call 296-9006. 
12/21) 

CRUISESHIPS HIRING, SI6-$30,OOOI 
Caribbean, Hawaii, World. Call for Gu~, 

Dir~ry, News~er. 1-916-944~444 x 

- iWiiSJ1I 111 
Money, credit practical experience in 
writing. fame, fortune, power and the 
chance to put your classified at the top of the 
"announcements" section. Find out what 
else a Guardian internship holds for you. 
452-6580, ask for Phil Lauder. 12/25) 

Ayn Rand Readers and students of 
ObjeaMsm meeting ~ Sunday, II am-2 
pm. Home SavIngs of America, 4311 La Jolla 
VII. DrIve, lXllversity Towne Centre. 
13/14) 

VIolin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
IndIvtc1JaI or shared lessons. Heten Marm, 
457-()671. 16/6' 

~n a Free Skl Trip & SIOO.OO cash. For 
/nformatjon call 714-75(H)861. 13/14) 

Roommate needed: Gen. Hlands single 
S200/share rm. SI65 utilities xua . 
Nonsmoker. call Todd 452-8095. 12/21) 

Fern needed to share large mstr bdrm-
spacious condo, U VlIge area, pooI,jacuzzl . . 
. great er1IIIronmentl Only S182. SOli call eo.e. 
45C}-0155. Robin, Uthy, Julie. 12/28, 

Room for rel1t Mira Mesa house, S212/mo & 
1/4 utl/ltJes. 10 min. from campus. call 
Dominick, Jim, or Yang 695-8474.(2121) 
Wanted: housemate for house in La ..olla. 
Private room and bath. Near beach. OJlet 
~ian, non-smoker only. Rent: S275. Call 
459-6899. 13/7) 

Room 4 rent/3 houses from beach/no dep 
neelSpI'. qtr onIy/Fumished Msh Bch/Sngl 
rm S220/mth. 27(}6353. 12/21) 

We ~ a great room to share. All the 
trimmings: pool.jacuzzj, garage, ~. 1 
nile from school. Only S230 ptJs 1/4 afuUI. 
Give us a call In the evenings at 452-7372. 
12/21) 

~I Mar-Rental. New Ucury townhome. 3 
bedrm, 2-1/2 bath, near bNch. WIth 
dKoralDr drapes, flooring, upgrades, deck & 
trellis. Includes wId, dishwasher, 

nicr~, pool. spa & sauna. Available 
3/16. S1.300/rnonth. 755-4327. 12/25) 

TIred of the housing blues? Try living o"-otf 
caf1l)US br a few daysl Check out the 
"wilderness" class. 121211 

,MAtH@I!!! 
WORD PROCESSING : Fast service. 
SI.5O/page. I pidcup & deliver. ~ 
L1urence 279-8056. 13/14) 

Burke Secretarial~ality typingl Spelling 
correct-Rush jobs speclalty/Flecible hrs. La 
Jolla. 457-3842. 13/141 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many type 
styles to choose from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pldc-up and 

del~ry, quality work, FASTlIl S2/page 
ldouble spaced). Call Interactive Micro 
Systems at 452-9949. 13/11) 

EXPERT TYPING, Word Processing & Tap~ 
Transcription. Reasonable rates. The Key 
Word, 459-58/8. 13/14) 

Burke Seaetarial~ua/ity typingl Spef/ing 
correct-Rush jobs speclalty/Flexible hrs. La 
Jolla. 457-3842. 13/141 

Super typing. Spelling corrected. AcQJrate 
and high-quality. Same day service. 16 yrs. 
expo Near UCSD. Call Fery 452-1393. 12/211 

Housesitting. \XliII sit for prof. going on Ie~ 
for 1 mo. plus. Xlnt. refs. David-225-6995, 
226-4318·13/14) 

First draft to completed paper, 
wordprocesslng is the way to gol 
Experienced. Good rates. 45CH509. 12/21) 

TYPIST -term papers, manuscripts SI per 
page. Eng/ish MA. 10 am-9 pm . ..Janet 454-
4659. 12/211 

Typing/Word Processing-For all your 
. typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush 
Jobs accepted. 13/4) 

Suzanne ~Json-Where lie you? Call MD 
12/211 

INSURANCE WARI We'll beat rty prtce or 
we don't WcrIt your business. Mea. 
acddents. spans CM$, good ci1wr/student 
dscounts: all welmme. (all 286-1135. 
Request UCSO PlAN. 13/14' 

La Jolla Astro SeMas. AN¥!s d all 
prospects of yoor relalonshfp. Call 456-
0626·13/18) 

Suzalne ~Ison-The doctor Is Inl Call MD 
12/211 

CWM. .AJst to set the record straight. 
SoIY1ebo4' does bile you. 12/21) 

Jeff: You better get your speedl br 
grac1Jatlon started. The deadflne for your 5 
minute speech Is April 12. call the Third 
College PrOlolOSt'S ofIIa If you haYe l!rfy 
questions . .. Larry. 12/211 

Lori C -I'm so glad you're my III sis. Welcome 
to ADII. Good luck on your midterms. Love 
a/w¥, Your Big Sis. 12/21) 

RiCO-Happy Birt~, Sir Fred the Cautious. 
You're a neat guyll Good Iud< with the 
mujeres. l...ove ya-CB. 12/21) 

Wild thing: Come hear everythlng-
groovy-about the "wilderness" class 
tonight. Peterson Hall 110, 7 pm. 12/21) 

Does one week of spring skiing sound 
xdting7 How bout one week of endless 
partying? Or ~ you want a ~ of 
relacing7 Jackson Hole, Mar. 23-30 IS the 
place yoo wanna be. Just S287 at box off. or 
x4037· 12/25) 

Countly-Western Party, Fri. 2-22, In the ree 
!If'TI. Put on by RISC in prep of Jackson Hole. 
Grab your hat and Levi's and come on 00wn. 
12/21) 

Lost a maroon wallet and checkbook. If 
found please call Unda at 458-9240. 12/21) 

Lost: HP4ICV calculator w/case. Has a TJ(W 
stidcer on back. Please call 457~90 IHound. 
RtwardlI2/21) 

Found: Orange badcpadc on 2/14 In Revelle 
lot call Bob at 2~2-keep tJying . 

, 12/251 



on; 1M eumy U a",.~ ii prepU'-
if for war. 2. to make (a bomb 

:ady to explode. tM deyice wtU rtDt 
raed. .".. II. each of the bnnchea. 
lWl!rY'. military foroea, a ItI'OIII 
PI. Oarmecl torcee or .... .e ... 
y forces. armed neuInIIty, re-
II neutral but prepared to defend 
.. Alainst attack. armed to the 
fully or elaborately armed. 

Ia (ahr-"'-dl) n. a Beet of war-
Dthe Span..... AnnacII, that 
, Spain apinst England in 1588. 
Ift·lo (ahr-ml-4ll-oIi) II. (fL ... ) 
11 burrowinl animal 0 South 
=a. with a body covered with a 
f bony plates. 
Ied·don (ahr-mi-aed-6n) 1. (in 
>Ie) the scene of the final conflict 
n the forces of good and evil at 
I of the world. 2. any decisive con-

llent (aIar-ml-mmt) ,.. 1. the 
lS with which an army or a ship, 
t, or ftahtina vehicle is equipped. 
process of equipping for war. 
UN (aIar-mi-chilr) II. the wire-
core of a dynamo or electric mo-

IIr ( ..... -chair) n. a chair with 
sides or supports for the arms. 
chair critic, one who criticizes 
t havinl practical 
.... nweler, one who 
bout foreign lands rather 
:ina them throup- travel 
lI·a (ahr ____ m-l) a re 
S.S.R. bordering on Tl' 
·an adj. &\ II. 
("'-fuul) II. 1. a 
an hold. 2. (sian,' 
It one a man WCM 
U'IDS. 
• ( ...... hohl) ,.. 
. ent throop whicb 
:Ice (aIIr-mi-stis) n. 
a war or battle to 

me. 
I ( ..... -Iis) adj. with 
( ......... lit) II. a bad • 
lei" arm or sleeve. 
: ..... -m6.-) ,.. 1. a proU 
the body, formerly W( 
metal plates coveriq 
te. to protect it .... 
xed ftahtiDa vehicles co 
d ( .... -m6rd) adj. 1. ex 
ed with armor, an ar'P 
or instrumentS othe1 
ich it was written .• 
1ge'ment II. 
(ar-int) adj. I1n"lIftn 
is is arrant nollSenst. 
i-ray) l'. 1. to 
i his forces along 
especially splendidl) 
rty gown. .".y n. . 
a display, a fine 
(i-reen) II. pL 1. 

and ouaht to have been 
e arrears of two months' 
t. 2. work that should have 
1 but it $till waiting to be ] In arre.rs, behind in ..... vl· .... n 
k, not paid or done when It 
e is in arrears with his rent; t 
in arrears. 
(i-.... ) l'. 1. to stop or chec~ 
I or movement); arresl aUent ... 
md hold it. 2. to seize (a person) 
10rity of the law, to take into cus-
, the police. a"..t II. 1. stoppage. 
Jre, legal arrestinl of an offender. 
.,. arrest. arrested by the police. 
I (i-n-vil) ,.. 1. arriving. 2. a per-
thing that has arrived. 
(i-rn) l'. (ar·rIved, .r·rtv· 
, to reach one's destination or a 
point on a journey; arril'e at an 

lent. reach it after discussion. 2. 
Ie at last, to make an appearance, 

~t day arrived: thl baby arrived 
esday. wu born. 3. to be recog-
lS having achieved success in the 
she has really arriYed. 
Int (ar~lint) ad;. proud and 

An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 

Vol. 8, No.7 

ant, any of the tropical American ants 
that move in vat numbers. 

• ·nl·08 (*-ni-kl) ,.. 1. a composite 
plant, largely American, having yellow 
Bowen. 2. a tincture prepared from the 
root and flowers of this and used for 
bruises, sprains, etc. 

.·ro·ma (i-roia-ml) II. a Sl'" 
a pleasant one. "·0·"" 
ik) 

.·rose 

February 21, 1985 

.r·tlc·u·lar (ahr-tik-yii-lir) adj. of the 
joints of the body . 

.r·ttc·u·late (ahr-tik-yil-lit) adj. 1. spo-
ken clearly, in words. 2. able to express 
ideas clearly. articulate (ahr-tik-y1i-

l'. (ar·tlc·u·lat·ed, .·tIc·u· 
to say distinctly. ar·tIc'u· 

"~'u· late· ness ,.. •• 
II. 

Db-

l-I F~ IS 96 I (ALL'I : 
171~ 11)f:\) I J1-T • 

.. ' . 

~~() JtE.E'~(: 
6M€ 
eA 'lrf:E1t , 
l>f"'1t (~ , ..,,~,~ 

, 
C\h 81 • . 

• rt2 (old use) t1. 
with thou. 

art. abbr. article. 
-art suffix used to fonn nouns, as in brag-

,art. 
w·te·rI·oI8 (ahr-teer-i-ohl) II. a small ar-

tery. ' 
.r·te·rI·o·lCIe·ro·... (ahr-teer-i-oh-

skl~roIa-sis) ,.. a condition in which the 
walls of arteries become thicker and less 
elastic, so tbat blood circulation is hin-
dered. 

• r·te·ry (w-tl-ree) n. (pL -rIea) 1. any 

..... ,_ ..... -dint) adj. ascending, 
nsmg. 0 In the acendant, rising in 
power or influence. 

..·cen·aIon (i ..... -shoo) II. ascent. A8-
cenalon O.y, the Thursday on which 
this is commemorated, the fortieth day 
after Easter. Dthe Ascension, the as-
cent of Christ into heaven, witnessed by 
the Apostles. 

.. ·cent (i-seat) n. 1. ascending. 2. a way 
up, an upward slope or path. 

•• ·cer·taln (as-er-ta)'ll) v. to find out by 
making inquiries . 

•• ·cer·taln·.·ble (u-er-tay-ni-~I) adj. 

artistic temperamellt. impullh 
centric behavior thou"'t to be I 
istic of artists. •• ... 'tI·caI·t 

...... try (*-ti-stree) ,.. artist 
art· .... (alut-lis) adj. free from I 

simple and Datural. .-1'_ art,....· ..... ,.. 
.rts (ahrts) II. pL subjects (a J 

literature, history, etc.) in whic 
thetic understanding plays a ! 
as opposed to sciences, in wI 
measurements and calculatiolU 
0... and cntta. decorati 
and handicraft. 

art·., (alut-see) adj. (contempt" 
.rt·.,-cratt·.y (alut-see-kraft 

(contemptuous) affecting ar 
craftsmanship or an interest if 
crafts but without talent or ta: 

art·y (alar-tee) adj. (.rt·I·. 
.. t) (informal) with an ~e 
often affected display of artisti 
interests. art'I· ..... ,.. .... '1· 

ar·um (air-lim) II. a plant with 
consistinl of a single petallike 
rounding a central spike. 

A.A. V. abbr. American Revised V 
the Bible). 

-ary suffix used to form adjecti 
budgetary. or nouns. as in dicl 

Ar·y·. (aIr-i-in) adj. 1. of the p 
guqe of the Indo-European I 
of European race. Nordic, (in ] 
many) of non-Jewish extractio 
,.. 1. the Aryan Ianguaae. 2. , 

ad,. 1. in the same deam 
as much. I thou ... t .. 
3. in the character 

tlpp«lr as Ham/ell. 
same time that. IMy c: 
because, for the reasOI 
fe.\ _ can do noI11i,.,. 

do as I do. • 
who. which, lluu 
. he was JI lore~ 

1Ii.s accent. _ preJ 
of. she acled tJI 

regard to, tJI oJ 
_ It, a it would 

if he mHnl it. _ " 
circumstances. _ It 
actually so, he bea 

man wilhoul a coun" 
mentioned, dull WA 

Monday. _ 8001 
ftut til SOOfI go by 
at the moment that. 
a if. _ to. with r 

pima. I reject it. • 
too; desirable, il mi, 

desinbly. _ migl 
... in addition to 
()ntlun4~ for ashes aJ 
InelCllIY, the first da: 
(i-.... ymd) adj. feelli 
ed·ly (i-.... y-mid-Ie 

adj. 1. of ash~ 
_-uu) II. 1. hewn 0 
. masonry made of thi 
(i-Ibobr) adl'. to or on 
(ahsb-rim) II. a place 0 
in India. 
( .... -tray) II. a recepta, 

ashes. 
0y (aU-ee) adj. 1. ashen. 2 

with ash. 
A· ... (ay-zhi) the largest of 1 

nents, extending from Europe 
cific Ocean. ~''''n adj. &\ ,.. [ 
nor, a peninsula of western Asi 
the Mediterranean ·and the f 
including most of Turkey . 

A· .. ·.t·1e (ay-zhi-at-ik) adj. of . 
aile II. an Asian. t> Asian is the 
word when used of people or 
toms. 

a· ... (i-lid) adl'. 1. to or on 
away from the main part or g 
it aside; stlP aside. 2. away Ii 
thOUghts or from consideratiol 
serve. put money aside for c 
.... II. words spoken so tba1 
lain peopJe will hear. 0014 
apart from. 

a.·l·nlne (a-i-nm) adj. silly, st 

Tearing Away From Tradition 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRIS Yu UNG 

Contributing Editors 
ETHAN FEERST. JUAN 
FuRSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH \')'\'t'f' 
Staff 

MlKE AHN, RODDY 
Bl)(jA W A. ANDREA 

HARMUN. KRI TIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER. 

RUGER STEPHEN UN 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Adverti.ing: 452-3466 

HlutuJ IS published ev"ry 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplem"nt to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN . Reproduct-ion 
or use without written 
permission of any portion of 
this magazme is a no-no. W e 
wdcome unsolicited Idters, 
manuscripts, and artwork, but 
assum" no r"sponsibility ior 
the return of such. SenJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
/).016 , La Jolla, CA. 9:l093 

Contents 
Cover: San Diego's 
experimental literary 
magazine Crawl Out Your 
Window, published by 
UCSD, crawls onto our 
pages. See page 3. 

Univenity Pop. . .. page 4 
An inside look into the 

people who bring the bands to 
campus, the University Events 
Office. 

Paris .............. page 5 
Harry Dean Stanton and 

Nastassja Kinski parellel their 
personal lives in Paris, Texas, a 
rare cinematic effort. 

Eatbeat. •. page 6 
Goinp On ••• page 7 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

COLUMBIA ARTISTS 

All1erican 

"The theatre rocked with laughter." 
N.Y. TIMES 

February 21, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $9.00, Students $5.00 
UCSD Fac/StafI &: Sr.Cit. $7.00 

1I~£1'PIDN ' (j)TELETi\DN ~ 
....... __ -=U:.....:::::C=S=D Box Office: 452-4559 __ _ 
2 ffiaau Feb. 21, 1985 

So 
wbo 
needs the 
beacb ••• 
Wben you've 
got 
IIlatus? 

- - --- - - -- - - -

- - - - - ~ 

Keep warm and dry, write for Hlatusl 
Just when you thought It was safe ... We want you to 

come and be part of the exciting staff of niaws. the 
best thing to hit campus since the TOs.lfyou have an 
Interest in lV, drama, art. music, movies, books or 
anything vaguely related to arts or entertainment, 
come by and say howdy. No experience Is necessary, 
but It helps If you can swim. cat I 452-3466 and ask for . 
Andrew Keeler or Chris Young or stop by our luxurious 
offlces southeast of the Revelle Provost, next to the 
Che cafe. 
--- - - - - - --- -- --- -

=-- - - -- - - ~- - - -

The world is waitil)g. 
Be an exchange student. 

tep into an adventure filled with opportunities and chal-
lenges. As part of International Youth Exchange, a Presidential 
Initiative for peace, you live abroad with your new host family. 
Learn new skills. Go to new schools. Make new friends. 

Young people from all segments of American society are 
being selected. H you'd like to be one of them, write for more 
infonnation on programs, costs and financial aid. 

Help bring the world together, one friendship at a time. 

Write: YOUTII EX IIANGE 
Pueblo. Colomdo RlOO9 

m'l h., ItH I ' I n;!! loll;!! '~ llIth Exd',lIIgl ' 

\ j 

BV ART SALAZAR 
The heightened Itate of a writer 

comes as poetic drunkenness, where 
word after word comes to him, 
where the involvement and content 
determine and lhape the work's 
outcome. Thil is the point of 
hysteria, where the pleasures of 
writing meet the intentions, and the 
writer just sits back for the ride. How 
easy it would be if every word a 
person said could flow magically 
onto the paper without a break of 
thought, and the product which 
resulted could be as perfect as you 
intended it to be. 

Alas, it is never always this way. 
And many times, our writing is more 
hindered by grammar than helped. A 
lot of times we let ourselves fall into 
a structured venue of writing and 
gradually lose our natural ability. 

For those of you who would like 
the challenge of trying to break these 
barriers, and do them under the 
helpful guidance of a teacher "for a 
grade," then enroll in Literature 
Writing 11 with Melvyn Freilicher. 

Both course and instructor are 
excellent, according to the 100% 
rating in the Course and Professor 
Evaluations book CAPE 1984. 

What makes this course extra 
special is that Freilicher shows you 
how to carry your particular interest 
in writing further along. Aside from 
this class, the professor offers UCSD 
a professional opportunity to write 
creatively (fiction). He is the 
president of San Diego's Foundation 
For New Literature, a small 
publishing company whose literary 
magazine, Crawl Out Your Window 
has become recognized nationally. 
The magazine specializes in 
experimental journalism, the precise 
outlet for the type of writing both 
Freilicher and his students create. 

Freilicher is against "more 
traditional writers who are more 
questioning, traditional ficti9n and 
professionals who write for market 
value. Writing is an artwork and I 
don't doubt that it's very much 
derivative and very much copied 
from what'S fashionable." 

COYW is certainly a different and 
successful magazine, and its 
president is bent on shOWing 
everyone that there are other havens 
of quality artists, other than in New 
York (his hometown) and Los 
Angeles. Freilicher says he prefers 
stories from younger writers and is 
always looking for new talent. 

The book is not what you'd 
expect. Freilicher feels and teaches 

that art expressionism is based on 
the conflicts of our time. He calls the 
magazine "intentionally provoca~ 
tive ... I do think that art is based on 
the reactions of the conditions of 
life. I mean artists, they're reacting to 
government, waste, misery, you 
know (in that order). " 

In class, students are taught how 
the various disciplines of art are 
somehow inter~related. As an 
example, Freilicher showed a '60's 
painting by Jackson Pollack, one 
where the artist and his paint 
phYSically created the portrait on the 
canvas. This painting, Freilicher 
stated, is a Cole Porter tune if it were 
music, Allen Ginsberg's Howl poem 
if it were literature. 

In the past, the professor has taken 
this notion one step further by 
doing performance art, a Singular 
discipline which combines many 
artforms to crt!ate a "super" 
artform. Creators animate their 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates M edicol G roup's profeSSional concerned 
staff can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Call today for an immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

m fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Die~o 
(619) 287-8226 

tCrawling' away 
from tradition 

pieces with elements of film, music, 
painting, theater, videotape, 
different writing styles, etc. This 
meshing becomes one work 
containing many conventions. 

However, because of the amount 
of work and time involved, 
Freilicher has stuck just to writing in 
the past few years. "There's not a big 
enough audience in performance art 
for all the work that goes into it," he 
added . . 

In writing, there is capacity for a 
greater audience naturally. COYW 
provides experimental writers the 
needed exposure before a paying 
audience. "We're really interested in 
people who have real innovative 
approaches. Not necessarily a 
beginning, middle and end, and 
conventions like omniscient 

narrator, 'Once Upon A Time,' 
etc.," commented Freilicher. 

Financial support has come from 
groups like UCSD, The National 
Endowment For The Arts and 
COMBO and individual contribu-
tions. Freilicher has become 
somewhat of an expert on how 
money can be obtained. It keeps him 
very busy. 

According to Freilicher, these 
people who fund COYW and the 
other projects of "The Foundation" 
understand that "Fiction is the need 
to write characters," and how 
important this is. 



Programs 
for the students 
by the students 

By ANN STEWART 
What UCSD student doesn't 

want to break away from the 
academic routine now and then? The 
beach is a regular place to make such 
an escape. Yet, sometimes, instead of 
the sounds of crashing breakers, one 
prefers the strains of a string quartet. 
Of course, many prefer the volume 
and rhythms of a pop concert to 
dance away those calculus and 
physics worries. Putting convention-
al entertainment aside, there are 
those who experiment with unique 
and controversial dance troupes, 
bands, or even thought provoking 
political lectures. 

All these cultural and educational 
events are coordinated and booked 
by the University Events 
Organization. UEO is made up of 
many parts, including student 
committees in the areas of pop, 
dance-drama, lectures and film. Box 
Office, tech services and 
coordinating the events calendar are 
among the many services provided 
by UEO. 

UEO makes decisions by looking 
into suggestions given by students in 
the committees. These committees 
th.!n check into the current tours and 
vote according to availability, price 
and expectation to sell. This means 
that, when deciding whether to book 
Howie Mandel, for instance, the 

members of the Pop Events 
committee must decide whether 
$7,500 is too high a fee . If the act is 
booked, a ticket price that is neither 
too low nor too high must be agreed 
upon. If this price is too high, the 
event may not sell, and if the price is 
too low, the act may have 
satisfactory sales while money is lost 
due to falling short of the amount of 
the initial performer's fee . Most 
suggestions for booking are made at 
the first meeting of the quarter. 
Then, at the following meetings, 
current tours are discussed, booking 
decisions are made and ticket prices 
are decided on. 

This process is important to the 
average student, because the student 
input assures that most events are 
intended to be of interest to at least 
some students. This also means that 
variety is maintained. 

UEO doesn't chart progress or 
success per se. According to UEO's 
Linda Schreider, "Every show is 
different, it depends on the event." 
Evidently, the organization's aim is 
to provide unique and educational 
cultural experiences. Being a non-
profit organization, UEO has the 
freedom to be innovative. According 
to Student Affairs officer Lynn 
Peterson, the measure of success is 
"If we meet our goals, to provide a 

~~~~ UCSD Chamber Music Series !!!!!!~~!!!!!!!!I 
Tenth Anniversary Season 

ALBAN BERG QUARTET 
Mozan's Quartet in C Major, K. 465 

Berg's Quartet, Opus 3 
Schubert's Quartet in A mmor, D.894 

February 26, Tuesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, UCSD St. $5.50 
T1~En\ON · @T£L£TS\ON " 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
liiiiiiiiiipresented by UCSD University Events Officeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

4 Ii~ Feb. 21, 1985 

j ( -~ 
U.C. SAN DIEGO 

diverse program for the UCSD/SD 
community including quality 
programs that educate and broaden 
perspectives. Cultural events is a 
broad term. BaSically, it is anything 
that challenges the intellect. We like 
to include that which is provocative 
and controversial. 

Peterson points out the 
importance of UEO as a university 
institution. She observes that 
without much pressure to maintain 
commercially "safe" schedules of 
events, there is the freedom to plan 
for a wide variety of audiences. 

UEO subsidizes $89,000-
$90,000 to its various concerns. The 
organization is unique in that it 
works with promoters. Otherwise, 
they would be outbid by them. As it 
is, promoters are able to profit. 

"When rates go up, we can't raise 
ticket prices. This is a major 
concern." Peterson adds. 

It's easy to get involved in UEO. 
Word of mouth, student 
recruitment, and orientation are 
means by which committees are 
formed. Committee meeting 
attendance is mandatory to work 
shows. Working events, such as the 
Fixx, consists mainly of keeping an 
eye out to maintain order. 
Volunteering at such events is 
generally a fun job. A look inside of 
how concerts are organized is an 
added benefit. 

UEO does its heaviest booking in 
the fall and winter quarters. During 
the spring, fewer acts are booked to 
allow for students performances and 
presentations. 

i'recUhlIl "IJ'~ cllts fo, _ '" (reg. S18) 
I'reC .. 101I fI{I'£ cutt for _II '10 (reg. SIS ) 
DI~o ... ' penru U5 (rtg. S40) 5c"/pCIuU lUI .. (full _) $18 (reg. $40) 

~lI/c"re W f'edlc"re $15 (reg. $28) C~lIop""'~ '15 (rtg. $25) 
Olle Ito", ,.dlll 110lIl ua (reg. $.55) 

One /to", .' .... _ U5 (reg. $.55) 
Speci.list.s in bl«k luir 

.4 full .tllice won 
7608 Until I-fsu lid. (f'fe:u College Dr. ~ 16J) l64h98fjJ 

/few _on ({oi-rMrllJ Y Jolt. Culling Co.) 7.57 I'url St .• y Jo/,. 
U6·1170 f.56-/aU 

with MI wi,h ~/tJClI!tI 3/ 7/8' 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 

Mon.· Thurs. 
Frl. 

Sat. 
Sun. 

Copies· Reductions· Enlargements 
passport Photos· Binding· And much mor.' 

4 1jz( 
Self SeNlce Copies 

Sam-Spm 
Sam-6pm 
10 am ·5 pm 
12 noon·5 pm 

a7-3775 
1165 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphl • SaY-On) 

tparis' in the Spring 
angry at the world for a long time, 
and has a child he has never seen: he 
sees the story as his own life story. 
And Nastassja Kinski, pregnant with 
her first child during the filming, also 
found resonant chords in the feelings 
of motherhood. 

By RONAHU 
Paris , Texas is just a movie in the 

same way that Casablanca is just a 
movie. I don't believe the two are 
functionally equivalent, but anyone 
who can sit through this tale of love 
and pain and not be touched 
deserves a year of Porky's sequels (or 
Pia Zadora, or anything else that 
Hollywood has been offering lately). 

Just as it would be difficult to 
imagine Casablanca changed in any 
way, the elements of Paris, Texas fit 
together with a certain inevitability. 
There are other similarities-the 
plot of the not-so-handsome tough 
guy who loses and finds and loses 
again his dreamily beautiful mystery 
woman-but I won't try to stretch 
the analogy further . Nastassja Kinski 
simply isn't given time to be Ingrid 
Bergman, and Harry Dean Stanton 
brilliantly underplays a performance 
that Bogart himself could not (and 
would not) have pulled off. 

As Travis, Staton is clearly the 
center of the movie. It is Travis who 
is wandering through the desert in 
the opening shot: Travis, animal eyes 
fixed on some unknown destination, 
with a ridiculously frayed tie and an 
empty water bottle. He has been 
presumed dead for four years. 
Eventually, he is rescued and taken 
to his brother's house in Los 
Angeles, where he rejoins the land of 
the living and sees his son, Hunter, 
again. No one knows what broke up 
the family four years ago: Travis' 
wife Jane has disappeared, Hunter 
was too young to remember and 
Travis, if he can remember, won't 
say. But Travis and Hunter rerum to 
Texas to find Jane, pick up the 
pieces, and start over again. They do 
find Jane, but .. . . 

BUSINESS AND 
TECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 34) in financial 
and logistic support. T'I1e Navy 
Supply Corps needs highly 
qualified. dynamic individuals 
to lead and manage large 
inventOl}' and financial 
net\Norks. Salary 518,500 to 
start 534,000 after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need BA/Bs, u.s. citizenship. 
C'-I NWIII MM ...... ..,. 
ProgrMII, 291-.746, 
Mon-WecI a.m 4pm. 

h I REMOVED a r PERMANENTLY 

LA JOLLA WIOA 'All( 

1464-12421 1589-90501 
1910 VIlla La Jolla onw. ~ ".,.. 

.. 

Nastassja, regrettably, is only on 
the screen for a very short time. 
Other than a brief glimpse of her 
dancing magically through one of 
Travis' home movies, we do not see 
her until the last part of the movie. 
Blt!ached blonde and Texas-accented 
(perhaps the only false step of the 
film), she is believable as a source of 
heartache and salvation. Hunter, 
played by the very natural Hunter 
Carson, is neither a precocious wise-
cracker or a cute moppet: he is, quite 
Simply, a Icid. How else could Travis 
confess to him that "I came back to 
show you that I was your father. You 
showed me that I was?" And in 
supporting roles as Travis' brother 
and sister-in-law who adopted 
Hunter, Dean Stockwell and Aurore 
Clement are effortlessly wonderful 
(it was especially nice to have 
offered, without apology, a French 
emigre in the "typical" Los Angeles 
family; in this case, no attempt was 
made to cover up her accent). 

Harry Dean Stanton is absolutely 
perfect as Travis. From his initial 
non-speech to the flood of words in 
the climactic scene, he gives a 
completrly convincing portrayal of a 
man hurt by love to the point of 
madness. This broken man is always 
separated from the world by 
barriers: a two-way mirror in the 
peep-show where he eventually finds 
Jane again, more windows and walls 
of glass for him to look into the final 
scene without taking part in it. He 
carries a photo of a vacant lot in 
Paris, Texas, where he believes he 
was conceived and where he 

eventually wants to .build a home for 
the reunited family. He communica-
tes with his son by walkie-talkie or, 
when he can't stand the emotion, by 
cassette tape. Clearly, Travis is 
disturbed, yet Stanton also shows 
that he is a fundamentally decent 
man. But oh, the flicker of pain in his 
eyes when !>imply asked, "So, have 
you seen Jane lately?" 

What impressed me most about 
Paris, Texas was its unusual honesty. 
Pulitzer Prlle winner Sam Shepard 
wrote the story from his Motel 
Chronicles: he says that Travis is 
really him. Harry Dean Stanton was 

By the end, when you find out 
what horrifying event actually broke 
up the family (in another good 
decision, the moviemakers chose to 
have all the violence come from 
within the central characters, instead 
of being precipitated by outside 
forces) you may not want to let goof 
the characters. You may, as Harry 
Dean was, be angry at the ending. But 
as the real life actor has yet to find his 
own child, the movie Travis is not 
allowed a completely happy ending. 
Paris, Texas has already won the 

• highest film honor, the Grand Prize 
Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film 
Festival, and countless others. It just 
might become another legend. 

Paris, Texas is playing at the Guild 
Theatre in Hillcrest. For more 
information call 295-3456. 

USP 12 

uSP 117 

USP 118 

USP 1046 

USP U1 

USP IH 

Looking For Some Exdtnnent In Your Life? 
Try An Urban Studies 

And Planning Course 

Open For EnroDmen. 
To All Studtnts, Spring 1985 

INTRODUCTION TO URBAN PUNNING: An introduction to the 
field of city planning with an emphasis on the design of cities, hOUSing, 
land use. transportation and other functional aspects of city 
organization. Slide shows and discussion of the San Diego, Tijuana 
region enhance lectures. Tues.-Thurs. 2:30-3:50 (Herzog) TLH 107. 
TECHNOLOGY AND CITIES: An introduction to the economic and 
technological problems associated with the provision of crucial urban 
services, including energy, water, transportation. MWF (Stern) 10:00-10:50. 
POVERlY IN URBAN AMERICA: Investigation, through lectures and 
discussion of the primary causes of poverty in urban America, the 
social, psychological and political consequences for society, and 
attempts to alleviate poveny during the past half century. WF 11:30-
12:50 (Gay) TCHB 141. 
CASE STUDIES IN HEALTH CARE: Discussion and lectures on the 
incidence of diseases and health Jroblems for selected urban 
population groups, and the political an legislative measures needed to 
provide care. Tues.-Thurs. 11 :30-12:50 (Brody) MCC 124. 
SOCIAL-PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPEcrs OF BlACK IDENT11Y: An 
examination of Afro-American culture and the social conditions that 
foster personality formation. Tues.-Thurs. 10:00-11:20 (Thomas) Hl 
1148. 

URBAN DESIGN: This course will stress the elements of urban design 
as understood within the architecture profeSSion. Students will do 
structural design exercises, using the San Diego region as a laboratory, 
to learn the princ;iples of an urban design plan, and the forces at work in 
shaping San Diego's future design. Thurs. 10:00-1 :00 (Maninez) TCHB 
141. 

Feb. 21, 1985 HMcw S 

-



The Eatbeat 

The tTide' is always 
high at the Muir Caf. 

By ANDREA HARMON 
Want to go to an inexpensive, 

n icely-decorated restaurant ... on 
campus? T ry Tidepools, a restaurant 
in Muir Cafeteria 's North Dining 
R oom every Thursday even ing from 
5 to 7 pm. 

The entree selections include 
dishes not available at the cafeteria , 
such as Veal Marsala, Stuffed Shells 
with C heese, C hicken Kiev, Cornish 
Game Hen, Crab Louis, Prime Rib 

• 6 Hiatus lPeb: ~-l, 1985 

and Trout Almondine. 
The price is usually $7 .80, and 

includes ro lls, an appetizer, salad, 
entree, dessert and unlimited refills 
of beverages. S tude nts with 
mealcards m a y use their cards 
toward their dinner, and simply pay 
the $2 or $3 difference depending on 
their cho ice of entree. 

T idepools, which opened three 

weeks ago, is considered a success, 
with its second and third weeks 
having sold out, according to Sylvia 
Berardi , the Muir dining hall 
coordinator. She said there is 
nothing else like this at any of the 
other college cafeterias, and that the 
Food Services Administration is 
always trying to answer students' 
needs. 

Our waiter, David, was four~star, 
and the china, flower and candle 
arrangements and well~dressed 
d iners all contributed to a 
comfortable and elegant atmos-
phere. 

This Thursday'S special 
Valentine's Day dinner featured a 
pink, red and white color scheme 
with pink tablecloths and red and 
white speckled carnation table 
arrangements. We were served rolls, 
stuffed mushrooms as appetizers, 

green salad with raspberry dressing 
and walnuts, and the two entrees, 
Crab Louis and Prime Rib, which 
came with a baked potato and 
broccoli with cheese sauce. Dessert 
was a choice of chocolate nut cake, 
chocolate-covered strawberries or 
strawberry cake. The food was quite 
good, and was presented beautifully 
and appetizingly. 

The waiters, wearing black and 
white, are all cafeteria workers who 
are chosen because of a good work 
re c ord, previous waitering 
experience and the ability to work 
Thursday evenings. 

For reservations, ca1l452~9 by 
the Monday of the week you wish to 
go. This is a great bargain for 
students with mealcards, or any 

campus~bound student wishing a 
different on~campus dining 
experience. 

1-----WITH THISNJ_ - ---, 
1 _ 26 1 
1 dna SIogurl ,,1lfair 1 
1 1 
1 ~ frozen 1 
1 yogurt creations 1 
1 1 
1 1 
1 2 for 1 1 
1 Buy one smell serving 1 
1 and get one FREEl , 
1 1 
1 1 
1 1 
1 • \YJE ALSO HONOR All • 1 
1 YOGURT PARLOR COUPONS , 
1 , 
1 1030 Tooey Pines Rd. 1774 Gamet A~nuc: , 
1 at ~~ P~~~~h , 
LI 45+4869 Expires Feb. 26. 1985 ' 

- - - -ONE PER CUSTCMA- - - -I 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Tlmc&Moncy 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ ceNTeR 

I.m fl1 t() 'Il I U 
,n I': \i..l lJ kl h II. 

Mann CINEMA 21 
1440 Holel Circle 1-2121 

_ Goings on . 
Tonight at Mandeville 

auditorium, VEO presents the 
American Ballet Comedy. 
The performance begins at 8 pm, 
and tickets can be purchased at 
the box office or any Tickerron 
or Teleseat outlet. 452-4559. 

• • • If your bag isn't the ballet, but 
rather the blues, you can run 
down to the Belly-Up in Solana 
Beach to catch some rip-roarin' 
guitar from Chicago bluesman 
Milhty Joe YOUftI. You can get 
your tickets for this show at the 
Belly Up or at Ticketmuter. 
481-9022. 

• • • On Friday The Rova 

Check it out 
minds of pre-pubelcents, Kiss is 
making a strong comeback due to 
quiet Riot, Twisted Sister and 
Ratt. If you still have feelings for 
your long lost time of innocence 
and borrowing your family car, 
you can buy tickets for this show 
at the Sports Arena and T eleseat. 
483~339. 

* * * Opening tonight at the Mesa 
College Apolliad Theatre, is the 
premiere of John Patrick's 
comedy, The Hut)' Heart. 
Reservations for this show can be 
made by calling 230~744, or 
tickets can be purchased at the 
Mesa College Box Office. 

* * * Opening at the Museum of 

winners, Los Lobos prove, from 
album to album, that they are 
indeed worthy contenders in 
contemporary music. Opening 
the show are The Beat Fannerl, 
who still spill the most beer on 
stage. For information, call 265-
6947. 

* * • 
VCSD musIcIans will be 

performing works from various 
eras for Performance Forum 
on Tuesday, Feb. 26, in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. The 
concert is free, but if you need 
more inforlTll\tion, call 452-
3229. 

* * * Also on Tuesday, the Alan 
BefJ Q,aartet will perform in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickets are available at the box 
office or any Ticketron outlet. 
For Information, call 452-3229. 

* * * Opening on Tuesday will be 

Sallophone Quartet is 
appearing at the Mandeville 
Center in room B-210. 
Combining both jazz and classical 
composers, the Rova quartet is at 
the forefront of avant'"i8rde jazz. 
Tickets can be purchased at the 
box office or at the door. 452-
3229. 

* * • 
If you decide not to 80 see the 

Rova Saxophone Q)Jartet, you 
have another choice of Friday 
night escapades. At the Sports 
Arena, ex-glam, neo-metal 
revival veteran, KiM, is in 
concert. While losing momen-
tum after years of dominating the 

Thol"Olhly. Monday night the gym will be filled with the 
"bad" blues~rock of George Thorogood and the 
Destroyers. Playing like a man on fire, Thorogood and the 
boys consistently put on a wild show. Tickets are $10 for 
students and $14.50 for general admission. 452~4559. 

Man in Balboa Park, and running 
throuah Sunday, will be the 
Jas-neee Cultural Fair, as part 
of the "Salute to Japan!" 
program by San Diego State. The 
fair will feature demonstrations, 
displays and exhibitions of 
martial arts, origami, Japanese 
cooking and other folk arts and 
crafts of Japan. 

* • * On Sunday night, Montezuma 

Victor Landweber/Mall 
Almy, a combined exhibition of 
Landweber's phorographs and 
Almy's video at the Museum of 
Photographic Arts in Balboa 
Park. This installation will 
present Landweber's and Almy's 
humorous and biting social 
commentary on American life. Con,Tatulations to Jokn Stobo who won the 

Hiat1U George Thorogood contest. Go get 'emJolm 

Hall will host l.oI1.oboe, one of 
the LA bands who are rapidly 
becoming accepted for their 
talent and sidestepping racial 
stereotypes. Grammy award -Compiled fry Roddy BorJawa 

----------------------------------~ $15 HAIRCUT : 
Includes Shampoo. Conditioning & Style 
Plus Free Mo1stur1z1ng Reconstruction 
Treatment. ($45 Value) 
Call BRUCE at Ultimo ... 1or hair. 
7446 Girard Avenue. 454-9612. 
Appointments are necessary. 

1 , 
1 
1 
1 , 
, 
1 
1 

Oller good on February 21. 22. 23. 26 & 27. 1 
FlrsI time cI1enls only. I 

L __________________________________ , 

The home of the 
39,¢ halllburger. 

'{ 

"" .. "' ~~m 
I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
11..~1!II1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-.II!IiII.JI 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounde~ with Cheese, Lal"le Fry, 

Mt.-dium-Size Soft Drink ".,11 \ ./". , ':1.' 1'1 I \~' n, II II II L i mi t l)n\.' u)upon p l 'r It l u ::, t nnll' r , pi..' r V I ~lt . Pk'a~l' 
p rl' l'n t lOU pu n w h I,: n II "rJ'· rl n~ . Nut va lid wit h .lII Y II lll ha " I "'r . 

II 
~ Goodthru \& March 21,1985 

"Just $1.99 11 
(plus tax) II 

Only at: II 
7140 Miramar Rd. II s.nrn:a4 

ii ii iii ii_iii iii iii ii __ 

*It., IIIIfIlTlt M,/I,Y 
(T£MPORARY & PERMANENT PLACEMENT) 

PROFESSIONAL, PERSONALIZED SERVICES FOR 
CHILD CARE • ELDERLY. HOMEMAKERS. MAIDS 

HOUSEKEEPERS. PARTY HELPERS. HOUSE & "CRInER SITTERS" 

I SPECIAlIZING IN I OVERNIGHT, WEEKEND AND VACATION CARE. 
LADIES ARE SCREENED, BONDED, INSURED. HEALTH CARDS 

SERVING HOMES. HOTELS. HOSPITALS ACCEPnNG 
461-4069 ASK FOR SUE 587-9087 APPLlCAnONS 

Navy 
Health 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

Fully-poid .cIucallon plUI monthly In=me 

• you heM! ~ accepted bv, a ora enralled 01. on ClPPf""ed 
school 01 medICine a osteopathy. you rna<! QUality fO( rhe NoIIy 
Health ProlesslOn' SChOlOOhlp Program 
"" a SChCli<nhlp S!Udent the NoIIy pay •. 
• your I\JU tullon. authorized t_ and edJcolionol 

... ~ 
• the cost c:J required booI<s a>d ,upple< (I\IImbUl$9d 

to you): 
• rentol t_ lot n8Ceuav """lpmenl such OS mIctoscopeo; and 
• a monthly cosh payment directty 10 yru (o.bjecl to 

loms). Yru con .- thIS stipend os 'IOU plea.. 
I'.hlle at school. the Nally does not Inl_ wtth your 

ocodemlc life. Yru won'l hove to onend milltory treinlng Of 
drills. 0( wear Navy uniIofms. Yoor Ule&tyIa I. the some os olhe< 
medIcol a OIteopothlc students. 

YOU'II spend about .. -. each VfKX in on "octive 
_ - status. However. n your CLI'IlcuIum do",,\,! 0I1Ow you 
to _ school. 'IOU con usually opend a portIOn 01 all of those 
days 01 oc:~ dury at YOU cM110n school contnuing your 
stuc:IIet. 

During this acllve wry period. vo<ill _ tuM pay and 
OIlowonoas 01 an oIIIce! In the NoIIy ...... ther '/00'/8 at SCI'1OOI 
a fWao/. ThaI', In additlon 10 the ragulor monthly Income 'IOU r.c_ dUIIng the 1801 c:J me yea . 

.Active wry periods oI/fJ( you the chance to 1lOII8I at Novv 
_ a>d gain medical ~ ....nIle "'*"tIng a I>IeOk 
hom the rrullne 01 s1udVIng. 

0bI1gaIIona: 

• ~ IChooi os a member c:J the Novv Heath 
~ SchoIorsr>Ip ProgIam 

• _ one I'eOI' of octMt dury os a Nally rrw:tcoI oIIIcer 
fa each 'I"'" of ~ portlclpallon. Yoo must 
_ at _ IIYw veurs on oct .. duly. 

l1rre """,I In inlemohlp a ~ doeo not count tOWOld 
vour octMt MIIIi<» oDIIgaIion. 

• De OCOIpted fa the '-' entOllng closl 01 CUlJenlly 
..-.oIled In on <lIJI)I<MId school of mediclne 01 
ootllOlXllhv In the U a 01 Pverto RIco. 

• be a us. cHIzen of good morat cholOcl. 
• De pI\yIIcaIry q.JOllfted for convnllllon os a Navy 

o4IIcef 
. _ ~t MCAI SCQ<e of 60 a mote. 

Bill Blyant 
YNC usr-.tl 
OffICER REOlUTER 

NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT 
SI'N DIEGO 
NAVAL TRAINING CENTER. BlDG. 335 
SI'N OtEGO. CA 92133 

call collect (619) 29H746 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In The Navy. 

Feb. 21, 1985 Hica&us 7 

.. 



,--

Department of Physical Education 

~INO 
NIGHT 
1985 

IJOZARK AIR LINES I: fQfNCU.!. j: 
COUQMt:r ' cretnJ Tours ca 1hve/,GJnc 

- ... 

-.....-~W~c1t 
COLONIAL INN 1 

I I 
. = SANDiEGe/SAN DIECAN 1---....... 

Sa.eStNo - -
-.....--------------------- I~~-U--D~-~-a-$-T-~-RE-ST-AUR-AN~T I~----~--~ 

FILIPPI'S <!Mil(js 1---1 
DEL MAR 

Ohe Pearl . 
~ 

• THE CHART HOUSE - Valle Rose~ 
restaurant & saloon FALCONE'S 

campus recreation 

8 HiahU Feb. 21. 1985 

-", ,.,., 

SATURDAY. ~€DRUARY 23 8 PM MAIN GYM 
~PON~OR€D BY O~~IC€ O~ CAMPU~ R€CR€ATION & Mlll€R BE:€R 

( I 
9IPJftr i , 

"",11 1111 
\ ) 


