
·Students for Affilmaii Action take ex step bac 
to 100 at · al situ o ....... 

r tory 0 
• ., 



2 Thursday,Jan, 31, 1985 

The dedication of UCSO's newest 
student housing facility , the Warren 
College Aparrments, will take place 
during a ceremony from 2-4 pm, 
Sunday, Feb. 3, at the Warren College 
Apartment complex. The event is billed 
as a highlight of the Warren College 
Parents' Weekend which takes place 
Feb. 2-3. 

As parr of the ceremon ' Warren 
College students will present Provost 
Michael Addison with a 1985 time 
capsule which will be buried at the site . 
A community celebration Involving 
several musical groups will follow the 
dedication. The aparrments, with room 
for 900 students, are located on a 20-
acre site adjacent to the Canyon view 
Recreation Center near Old Miramar 
Road. 

The $14 million aparrment project , 
which began construction in November 
1983, is built of poured-in-place 
concrete and is grouped into four 
buildings which contain a total of 225 
units. Two of the four buildings were 
completed in September and October, a 
third was completed by November and 
the fourrh was ready for occupancy by 
mid-December. 

The complex design was Inspired by 
the famous Habitat 67 , an experimental 
h igh-rise housing development built for 
the 1967 World's Fair in Montreal and 
later used as the OlympIC VIllage. 

In addItion to the students, the 
complex will house 20 resident advisors, 
rwo faculty members and the resident 
and assistant deans. Each aparrment 
unit is designed for four students and IS 
approximately 880 square feet. Each 
includes rwo bedrooms, hvmg and 
dining areas, a kitchen, a bathroom and 
storage facilities. 

Each room is equipped with 
telecommunicstions outlels allowing 
students to access their personal 
comPUters to the campus mainframe 
computer. Students are reqUired to sign 
a nine-month lease (approXImately 
$1 ,968 or $220 per month). 

Currently, some 35% of all UCSD 
students, mcluding graduate students, 
live on campus. A record fall enrollment 
of 13,876 students, up from the 13,257 
1983 fall enrollment count, has 
practically ne[Urahzed the gam of the 
facility. 

o 
In response to a recogntzed 

community need, UCSD has established 
a Herpes Virus Clinic to provide 
counseling, diagnOSIs and trea tment for 
the viral infection. 

The clinic is deSigned for twO distinCt 
patient groups, according [0 Wendy 
Young, ANP, Herpes Virus Cli nic 

coordinator: those who know they have 
herpes but are seeking treatment, and 
others who want information about the 
virus and the various forms it may take. 

For those who may b'e in a 
relationship with a person with herpes, 
Young stated that it is important to 
assess the interpersonal relationship 
aparr from the herpes , and then also 
decide if the viral infection is something 
that will affect it. She stressed the 
importance of being honest about 
feelings and ani[Udes in making a 
decision either way. 

Herpes outbreaks usually follow a 
classic pattern , Young said . The process 
begins with a tingling or burning 
sensation , then a red spot develops 
which later becomes a blister. The 
blister opens and cruStS over, then the 
healing process begins. Although most 
contagious In the blister phase , herpes 
can be transmitted during the beginning 
or late phases of the symptoms. 

Diagnostic tests are only performed 
on suspicious lesions which cannot be 
otherwise positively identified. Many 
times, she said, a diagnosis can be 
made simply by examining the lesions. 

Young said a clinic of this type is 
needed due '0 the lack of available 
information about herpes, even in the 
general medical community. James 
Connor, MD, a specialist in infectious 
diseases, is medical director of the 
clinic . 

"Herpes is frustrating for many 
doctors ," Young explained, "because 
there is no satisfactory treatment 
available. If there were a cure, there may 
not be a need for a clinic of thIS sorr." 

Studies on new drug treatments will 
be performed under the direction of Dr. 
Connor. Ribavirin , a new antiviral drug 
which may be useful in treating active 
outbreaks, is among those currently 
being studies. 

The Herpes Clin ic is open from 1 to 
4:30 pm, Monday through Friday. For 
information call 260-3500 J;:xt. 3584. 

o 
The California Teratogen Registty at 

UCSD MedIcal Center offers volunteers 
a unique opporrunity to help prevent 
bmh defects caused by drugs and 
chemicals through phone counseling 
and education to pregnant women 
throughout the state. 

Volunteer counselors proVIde 
information on the effects of exposures 
[0 medication, chemicals and viruses. 
Registry staff members constantly review 
scientific journals to keep abreast of the 
most recent information in the field . 

In addi tion 10 dispensing 
Information, the Registry also collects 
data about pote ntial or suspected 

~---------~----------~ L 1 1 
f.ltI. L.J 

,~ ,... 
... 

~ r 
r ~ ~ ~ • :.1"-' ~ '''I'''I~ .... rtI ~ I' ~ I ... P'.I I • IJII L..iIII ill' •• II ... 1'00'" H~ ., ~ ... ,... ioIII 

•• II .. IiIr 
r 1.1 r:;. 1-

rr 

Cover: The minority stands out at UCSD, a racially 
unbalanced university that sometimes needs to be reminded 
of its responsibilities to all ethnic groups. The Student 
Affirmative Action Committee held a retreat in the mountains 
of East County last weekend to establish how the minority 
stands now at this campus and how the minority should 
stand in the future . See the cover story on page 4. 
News: College age students may have received ineffective measles 
vaccines as children and ought to consider getting new ones, 
Students are Organizing University Resources through 
Community Exchange in a project called SOURCE, the Box Office 
is now a full-fledged Ticketron, and Sacramento has a student 
lobbyist who wants to go national as well as some people with 
strong opinions and some legislation concerning the abortion 
issue. 
Opinions: See cover story plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Working to gain a California residency proves to be 
a rough ride for a UCSD woman. 
Sports: The men's and women's swim teams are flying high and 
swimming low towards the Nationals in Adanta, a rousing rapture 
of intramural names, a recap of the all-campus open doubles 
tournament, and men's basketball romps at Cal Lutheran. 
Hiatus: The Festival of Animation is on, look out for the Beat 
Farmers, a review of Passage to India, a look back at the Battle of the 
Bands, plus Anist Insight, music happenings and Goings On. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY TOM PLONKA 

teratogens. Women who have had 
exposures [0 potential teratogens can 
parricipate in the Registry studies by 
providing information about their 
exposure, including its frequency, 
severity and time into pregnancy. 

A free follow-up examination is 
oITered for babies born to women who 
panicipate in the Registty studies. The 
results of the examination are later 
analyzed to identify any connection 
berween panicular agents and patterns 
of defects. 

Kenneth Lyons Jones, MD, one of the 
team who identified fetal alcohol 
syndrome, is medical director of the 
Registty and completes aU physical 
examinations. 

Persons interested In volunteering 
should be able to commit four hours 
each week to the Registry. For 
information call 294-3507. 

o 
The Revelle Provost's OlTice is 

seeking applicants to be Orientation 

Leaders at this summer's freshman 
orientation programs. Interested 
students with sophomore, junior or 
senior standing for 1984-85 should pick 
up a referral form from the Student 
Employment Office, take it to the 
Provost's Office for an application form , 
then submit the completed application 
and recommendations by Feb. 22. 

The 11 students selected for the 
positions will be responsible for 
coordinating and implementing all of 
the information sessions and activities 
at Orientation. A seven-week training 
session during Spring Quarrer run by 
Assistant College Dean Yolanda Garcia 
will help them develop and refine 
necessaty skills and update their 
knowledge of UCSD. 

In previous years, an average of 40 
students have applied annuaDy for the 
11 positions. Selections wiD be based on 
results of candidates' paniciparion in 
group a'1d personal interviews, as well 
as recommendations and applications. 

-Sean Wlgall 
o rsecbon---------------------------------------------------~ 

c+) 
~ 

e 'California Review' loses funding 
The AS Council voted against a $732.18 funding 

increase for the California Review whIch has already 
receIved $864.00 this year. 

According to Brandon Crocker of the California 
ReView, his publication has been unfaIrly treated and 
penalized for making an Income beyond $25 per issue 
which was projected for all on-campus newspapers. 
Crocker feels that the problem lies In the Media Board 
formula of funding. 

According to Ken Cariffe , AS commissioner of 
communications, 'The California Review has already 
made $4,000 this year, $300 more than they projected 
initially, and the year is only half over! That's $300 to do 
with what they please. This shows that some papers 
need the money more than others. We want LO 
di scourage papers that are self-sufficient from coming to 
the Media Board for funds they don't need . We want to 
keep that money for stamng new papers with new 
opintons and for funding tho e papers that can't tand 

on their own " 
The formula for funding revolves around projected 

base COSt of production minus the projected yearly 
income. The California Review said that since the Media 
Board subtracted their projected income of $3,740 from 
their hasc production budget, they will have no room for 
growth or improvement. 

However, It IS against the Media Chaner to fund for 
color pnnti ng and high quality paper, both of which are 
used by the Cahfornla ReVIew. If a paper wis hes to 
upgrade the quality of its publication from the standard 
newspri nt and black and whIte pnnt , it's required to 
raise the funds on ItS own. 

The media who do not use expensIve paper or color 
printing and who project a $25 Income per issue only 
have to raise money for items they need whIch are not 
Included In their budget 

The California ReView said II IS forced to raise 

"dditional fu nds to pay for color and high -quality paper 
and is therefore treated unfairly. 

Cariffe says, "I don 't think the California Review is 
justifted in aski ng for additional funding. They are totally 
over-qualified: they had to lower their standards In order 
to get funds from the AS in the first place. They never 
really did need the money. Last year they made an 
income of $8,800 without any AS funding at aU, and 
therefore are self-sufficient and able to receive funds 
from outside sources." 

The California ReVIew receives fund s from 
subscript ions, the Institute for Educational Affairs, 
indIvidual donations and advenising, said Crocker. 

According to AS President Marc Boroditsky, all of the 
media have been treated equally, and aU are feeling the 
same restrictions - when there is a cut . It IS across the 
hoard . "We are allo a ting our limited funds as fairly as 
posslhle ," he s:lId . _ Lisa Wagner 

SOURCE community fundraiser 
By LILYS McCOY. Conmbuting News Editor 

SOURCE, STUDENTS Organizing University Resources through Community Exchange, is a student-
created and student-motivated 
fundraising project that hopes to raise 
as much as $100,000 for student 
programs in a two-day period, 
according to Marla Winitz, SOURCE 
coordinator. 

The event, to be held March 1 and 2, 
will require the efforr of between 500 
and 2,000 students working in the 
community for at least four hours , doing 
anything from odd jobs to internship-
like jobs, in exchange for donations. 

and to expand and initiate new projects 
and activities. The second goal is to 
promote community interaction and [0 
establish a closer workmg relationship 
with the community." 

According to Marc Boroditsky, AS 
president , SOURCE will cost the AS 
around $1000 this year. About $800 of 
that has been given to the p roject from 

"The purpose is rwofold ," Winitz said . 
"One is to raise funds to improve 
student life and services on campus, 

Box Office gets Ticketron outlet 
By LORI MOORE 

W HETHER IT BE campground reservations or lift tickets for Snow Summit, the Box Office, now a full 
service Ticketron , has what you want. 

The change took place earlier this quaner, ending the policy 
staned rwo years ago which required the Box Office to purchaSe 
tickets elsewhere , then sell them on campus. 

"You can buy tickets for almost any event, even thosc which 
are nationwide," said Dave Taber, Box Office manager pro-tem. 

"Before, it was too much of a hassle to print up tickets ," said 
Taber. The idea for a Ticketron was presented and it was 
decided to have the tickets printed up on a computer. 

The Box Office will keep its name, but will be considered a 
Ticketron outlet. At first, the Box Office was considered to be too 
close to the Sears Ticketron outlet, but it eventually was allowed 
to house a Ticketron computer. "There was talk in the office 
about three computer ticket outlets: T ele-seat, Ticket Master and 
Ticketron ," Taber said. 

Unlike SDSU, which has all three outlets, Ticketron was the 
one chosen for UCSD. The other two mostly cater to rock 
concerrs and lA-based attractions,while Ticketron has a wider 
variety of programming and provides tickets for nationwide 
events . 

By providing an outlet. the Box Office receives a small 
percentage of profit from an added service charge. "It's only 
about a nickel or dime per ticket, but by the e nd of the year it will 
add up : Taber said . "Eventually, we will starr making a lot of 
money." 

Tickets for University events, which are sold at mos t 
Ticketrons in San Diego, will not have an added service c harge if 
purehased at the Box Office. 

Unforrunately, Unive rsity students will not have priority 
when purchasing tickets for campus events. 

"We'd like to work it for UCSD students first, defini tely, but it's 
all done through the promoter, who would rather seU the tickets 
quicker and make more money instead of gIvIng UCSD students 
discounts," Taber said . The Box OlTice has the option of making 
tickets accessible for everyone for University-sponsored events. 

"We could print up tickets on the computer and Sears 
wouldn't have to know," said Taber. 

With tickets for popular eve nts now readily available to 
students, there lies the problem of devoted fans sleeping in front 
of the Box OlTice in order to get first crack at tickets. "That could 
very well happen ," Taber said . "We'll reaUy just have to wait and 

~." ~ 

" 

Thursday, Jan. 31, 1985 3 

Vice C hancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joe Watson's budget. 

"To underrake (such an ) ambitious 
project, and have it student-generated , 
is a compliment 10 the students, and a 
compliment to the atmosphere at UCSD 
and to the community," said Randy 
Woodard, principle student affairs 
officer for the AS. 

Student parricipation in SOURCE will 
increase the community's awareness of 
the top quality s[Udents at UCSD, and 
could also give the students valuable 
business contacts which could even lead 
10 employment, Winitz said. 

Accord to Woodard, " ... the potential 
is there for a business 10 be extrem.ely 
impressed by a student's ability and 
ofter that individual either immediate 
employment (or) future internships." 

Approximately 35 student volunteers 
working on SOURCE have been 
phoning businesses for about rwo 
weeks, and reporr that several 
companies have expressed interest in 
the plan and indicated that they would 
be willing to sponsor students in jobs. 

According to Woodard , Mitsubishi 
Foods is pleased wi th the idea, and has 
encouraged other businesses to join 
them in their supporr of SOURCE. 

Other companies such as E.F. Hutton , 
banks, accounting firms and law firms 
have aU informally agreed 10 panicipate 
in SOURCE, Winitz said . 

Students will be able to volunteer their 
time for the SOURCE project until Feb. 
20 at the AS olTices in the Student 
Center. Their names. interests and 
majors will then be typed into the 
SOURCE computer which has been 
programmed to matc h th e students with 
jobs that correspond to their goals and 
interests. 

These jobs, which include data e ntry , 
stock and inventory recording and 
tutoring, are not limited to JUSt 
businesses. SOURCE has encouraged 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 > 

1985/86 UNDERGRADUATE 
FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOlARSHIP 

APPLICATION DEADLINES 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

University Center 
Planning Committee 

& the Members of the 
Student Center Board 

• All current undergraduate financial aid recipients are being mailed 
a 1985/86 financial aid application to re-apply. 
• All undergraduate continuing students with a 3.75 cumulative GPA 
as of Spring 1984 were mailed a 1985/86 scholarship application. 

APPUCATIONS MUST BE POSTMARKED BY FEBRUARY 11, 1985 

All undergraduate financial aid applicants who are eligible to apply 
for a Cal Grant are rrqutrtd to apply for one; failure to do so will result 
in loss of UCSD financial assistance, The Cal Grant deadline for both 
new and rtntwCl' applications is February 11, 1985 (this is a change 
from last year). 
The deadline to complete your undergraduate financial aid file for 
Fall Quaner 1985 is May I, 1985. . 
If you do not receive an application packet in the mail, please request 
one from your college financial aid office. 
Workshops for completing the undergraduate financial aid and/ or 
scholarship applications will be held in the Nonh Conference Room 
of the Student Center at the following times: 

Tuesday, January 15 ....................... 11:30 am 
Monday, January 21 . ............... _ . ...... 9:00 am 
Friday, January 25 .......... ... ...... . .•.. . 12:30 pm 
Tuesday, January 29 ............... _ . .... , . 10:00 am 
Thursday, January 31 . _ .. , .... ....... , , •. . .. 1:30 pm 
Wednesday, February 6 ........ . . ____ .. .. , _ . 2:00 pm 

Plan to attend one of the workshops. Please bring your application 
forms with you to the workshop. 

/ 
/ 

invite you to a 

Discussion of Site 
Location 
for the 

Universi1Y. Center 

with the 
consulting architects 
Blurock Partnership 

February 4 , Monday 
5: 15 p.m. Peterson Hall 108 

For more information, 
call: 452-4378 



Ebbing the flow of racism 
By MATTHEW j. CRONIN 

Remedies to such a well-guarded vice like racism are elusive . This past weekend, an 
ubiquitOus group of ethnically diverse individuals gathered at Camp Cuyamaca to 
discuss the follOWing concurrent dilemmas: 1) the lack of interest presently exhibited 
by potential future leaders for Student Affirmative Action pOSitions; 2) the changes in 
SM student population and the political climate at UCSD; 3) the unjustified structural 
changes placed on the SM population by administrative planning; 4) creative 
strategies that would include minority students in the real decision-making process 
and 5) emulation of the "traditional student" (usually white, With a middle- to upper-
class background) by a proportional amount of the minority community. 

These problems were discussed with a great amount of rigor and fortitude for the 
duration of the weekend. The author has chosen not to cite the names of the specific 
individuals who participated in the colloquium for fear that the weight of cenain 
personalities will tarnish the original intent of the ideas presented . The names of the 
organizations that participated in this critical socio-analysis are as follows: the Black 
Student Union (BSU), the Asian-Pacific Student Alliance (APSA), the Mexican-Chicano 
Alliance (MEChA) and the Women's Resource Center. Considering the gravity of the 
discussion, it is important for the reader to understand that this meeting of the minds 
was set up to produce social change within the UCSD community, and nO! merely to 
engage in meaningless banter. 

DAY 1 
"Reform must come from wlthm, noL from without. You cannot legislate for virtue. "-

Gibbons 

The group representatives arrived at the camp on Friday evening amidst a flurry of 
doubts as to whether they still retain the same strength of character formally exhibited 
by their predecessors who, by their actions, made major advancements in the realm of 
ciVIl nghts. The mood began to change once people were comfortably seated next to 
their ideological partners and away from the morose crustiness of the bus. Any time 
that you want conferences to set in mO!ion long-term dialogue berween contingent 
factlons, it IS crucial to deal with the pnmary points of contention up front. What 
occurred at Cuyamaca truly exemplifies this strategy. A race-relations workshop was 
consummated in order to reiterate each person's color, culture, sex and class 
background. Two professional instigators were brought to the camp to show a film. The 
Him was a real-life account of an experimental project held each summer in Los 
Angeles which places ethnically different high-schoolers in close living quaners and 
forces them to interact openly and honestly. The results are generally mixed, but such 
an outlet for racial tension and frustration appears to be a very useful exercise, as mOSt 

of the young ones came away from the project believing that they could now better 
communicate with members of a different race. The discussion that succeeded the film 
can be summarized by this paragraph: 

"I can feel your presence as a white male; your skin color symbolizes a history of 
oppression, hate , disrespect and false pride ," says a chicano woman. The white male 
replies, "I didn't ask for this body, this history, this ignorant arrogance. If you want to 
SlOp the oppressive white institutions from oppressi ng you, why don't you JUSt boycot! 
their products, strangle them economicaDy?" "I think you're simply naive," a BSU 
member tells the white male. "Look everyone, he obviously knows nothing of our 
struggles or he wouldn't assume that these things are so easily done. Solutions are 
always simple te the ones on the right side of the fence, even if they believe they are 
thinking progressively." The while male hollers, "Now who's doing the stereotyping l " 
An APSA member consoles , "What we must do is respect each other's views at all costs, 
because if we don't, the elite won't take our coalition seriously. A MEChA 
representative chimes in , "There have always been stereotypes-stereotyping is a direct 
result of the ~ominating class's manipulation of values to a point where aD good values 
are now seen as 'traditional: which baSically means white, Christian morality." A 
feminist speaks up. "Hold on a second . Here we all are speaking about mutual respect 
that has to do with color and culture and I have yet to see one of you enter the 
Women's Center this year. Talk about stereotyping." The crowd mumbles some replies, 
as jf the strength of sexuality is 100 much 10 conquer in one evening. Better to let the 
informal relations of the weekend tackle ·that problem. 

The different skin colors continue to confront each other with pierCing eyes as they 
listen for notes of solidarity in the air. If each group can produce a leader which they 
can pride themselves upon for the next few years, the tension at the camp will subside 
and the future of affirmative action at UCSD will seem a little more secure. As of yet, 
no clear-cut decisions have been made about the succession of the old guard; most of 
the stiff-chinned M warriors are graduating this year and are strikingly worried about 
the consequences of poor guidance for incoming minority students. They know that 
the administration is fully aware of who is coming and going, and it has been proven 
in the past that without strong and capable leadership, the power of organizatiOns like 
the afo~mentioned will be severely diminished <.e.g. , the ongoing imrlementation ofJoe 
Watson s five-year plan for affirmative action which, as of the end 0 this term, will 
eliminate the Student Affirmative ActIOn Committee's (SMC) chair and co-chair 
pOSitions which, in the past , have been occupied by the mOSt knowledgeable members 
of the student minority community). When the problems of gender and race relations 
between the participants at Cuyamaca had been fully aired, the group broke up for the 
evening, feeling satisfied that the dialectic had eased the tension in the meeting hall. 
Tonight, in the mountains , we will all sleep assured that our pOSitions as women and 
men, black and chicano, asian and progressive, and human and human, will be 
respected in the morning. 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 5 > 

-.ve1C MIIS1SI DII ~ 1IH8.1OA"-ONIf.A 
~- JOHNAHaCIIW .... ~1SA4.~'*" ........... IIIIOIM ..... 

MU,~ NCH PECW<. WI>Y sauY 
STAFF WNiEkSa IIAAK 0Rf/1tNaG, EftW4 fIEEP$, ~ ~ N-IDRfA H.WC)N, RONA KJ. 

04NS~ICAUS, I\OE\T lICH, Ul.YSNcCat. JEFF MIIC KiU£Y NEAL. ~'tQIIIt 
OAWN "'MAlNER. WN 1A'lt0R 
PASii~ii 'AATiiii"o;'~';wo;'m'~'PiNiY, O~ViO'iiiJOW: '~'~TNf--"'''''''''''' 
T'tP£S£T1W: KiN MIt .WI tWet PiV ~!WE.. 1tOtW 
.ISIHESS ~GIMs ON t.UI. SHDQ. DWQC).1118 HClRMAN 

'" Thursday, Jan . 31, 1985 :> 

Respect color, respect culture 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE .. < 
The Second Day 
"For every evil under the sun, 
There is a remedy so there is none; 
if there be one try and find it, 
if there be none, never mind iI . " - W.e. Hazlitt 

Saturday will forever be enshri ned in the minds of 
the partakers as a day of moving, provocative nostalgia. 
Six speakers of abundant energy stalked the meeting 
hall , pounding out one central theme: no act of truth 
or justice can be stopped if it is presented with 
stubborn conviCllon. Apathy and bowing down to the 
system must be taken on its own terms. You must 
make the persons, whose race, gender or ideology have 
been oppressed, aware of what effect their apathetic 
posture is having on the rest of their brothers and 
sisters. Sure, the system is VICIOUS and overwhelming; It 
was designed that way. For example, when Ronald 
Reagan won the govemership in 1968, he was asked 
what he would do to quell the student activists on the 
UC campuses. His solution was this: ·Well, I know 

-exactly what the problem is. They have too much time 
on their hands. We can take care of that." Student fees 
were tripled within the next four years and the 
introduction of the work-study program spread to 
every campus. So much for the pursuit of political 
equality during your time at tI}e University. The 
Regents have brought in master manipulators at every 
administrative level. They will tell you what program 
best suits your needs, what classes you can handle , 
how much money you will need to survive, how much 
time you should spend in college, etc .... A system 
tailor-made to exhaust opposing ideologies. 

Recommendations on how to readjust a political 
climate that induces a minority student to emulate an 
insolent yuppie, and therefore ignore the subtleties of 
environmental racism, were well heeded. The virtual 
invisibility of paternal umbrella organizations such as 
SAAC (which directs funding , handchecks 
administrative consistency with affirmative action by-
laws, and has supported political activities taken by 
the various ethnic organizations) has more than 
contributed to this malady. But it is not poor 
advertising that has created the lack of serious 
participation in these organizations. It iI the 
techniques that are being employed to/ recruit new 
members. For we are no longer dealing wilh a socially-
conscious student population like that which inhabited 
our campus during the 19605 and 70s, and whom our 
six speakers spoke so fondly of. No one is knocking 
down anv doors to become educated as to the ills of 
our society. Back then, in the golden age of student 
activism, there existed a certain mystique around 
organizations bent on correcting social injustice. 
Today, as we were so vehemently reminded, affirmative 
action groups are considered to be out-dated, self-
serving institutions. Take, for example, the Women's 
Resource Center. The majority of females at UCSD 
seem to believe (and for this very reason should seek 
counseling at the Center) thaI the minute they step 
into the door, someone will make a pass at them. Of 
course this is not true, but the women at the Center 
realize their reputation and are seeking to mend it. 
How? By the very same tactic thaI all the M groups 
will use to refurnish their reputations with potential 

WINTER CLEARANCE SALE 
UP TO 50% OFF 

Durante's 

members: friends first, conSCiousness-raising later. The 
speakers, our predeces!lors, left us wah this thought: 
You are a different generation. You may be fightmg 
greater odds, but there is no stoppmg the emergence 
of equality; it is the only viable solution for a self-
destruc tive, hateful world . 
The Final Day 
"What though the field be lost? 
All IS not lost; th ' unconquerable will, 
And study of revenge, Immortal hate, 
And courage never to submit or yield. "-Milton 

Coming down from this mountain to face the sterile 
reality of UCSD will be a hard task. We are fnends 
now, drawn by a common bond to stand up and be 
heard . We are no longer JUSt loose coalitions and one 
clumsy writer, clinging to each other for survival ; we 
are one body about to take a lifelong stand. There are 

Doonesbury 

no more speakers left to motivate us; no more glasses 
of wine to tip our smtles. A cold rain pours OUI of the 
sky. We walk in it because we know; we know that the 
rain will awaken our sensibilities enough so that we realize 
that the omi nous clouds that float above us have cast a grey 
pallor on the entire group and we must fight that color. 

Back inside, we gm our teeth and swipe at the 
issues for the time. Ironic, isn't it, that a group whose 
intent is to eliminate racism and sexism, has decided 
to go back to its respective constituencies and mainly 
concentrate on re-educating them on their cultural identi-
fication? Maybe not. For mdividuals can not be truly strong 
in their convictions until they are proud of their Ireritage. 
Only then can they go out and recite the phrase : 

"I celebrate mysclj, and sing myself, 
And what I assume you shall assume, 
For e\>Cry atom belonging to me as good belongs to 

you. "-W. W. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associotes Medicol Group's professionol concerned 
stoff con give you the support you need when moking decisions 
about your personol heolth core needs. Coli today for an immediate 
oppointrnent. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

. 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

. 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
, 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 
-

• fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 . 



, 6 Thursday,Jan . JI, 1985 

ll<eilit~lr~ll~ilit~lr~ll<eilit<elr~ll<eilit(f;lr~ll®llit®lr~ll®(ill®Ir~ll®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll<eilit<eIr~ll<efrfr®If~~<e{lli~Ir~nce 
fr<eIf~lettersll<eilit<err~ll<eru.t®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®tt~®Ir~n®tCfr®lf~n®ilit<e:rr~n~frfr<elf~n~{ill®rr~n®~<e;lf~~<e;rcfr® 

rr~llceM<elf~n<ercfr<elf$)n<eilil<eIr~ll®ilit®Ir~ll~ltL(~lf~ll~frtC®IT'~ll®frrc<err~ll®frfrce;rr~nceM<elf~llcellit(f;l1~n<etttr®Ir 
The nuclear family 
Editor: 

Alternative Visions Femimst Writers 
Collective would hke to thank the 
Guardian for joining our celebra tion of 
reproductive chOIce by printing our 
article on the abortion clinic violence. 
However, we were disappointed that a 
Significant portion of the editorial 
discussing the morivations behmd the 
anti-woman terrorism was not printed. 
One of the primary goals of the 
Collective is to prOVide a feminist 
analysIS of the forces that affect us. As 
such. our concern about the abortion 
c1imc VIOle nce is not the threat that it 
poses merely to law and order but. more 
Importantly. to the future of equality for 
women in the society. Legal abortion is a 
feminist issue because It IS fundamental to 
women's emancipation from the home. 

The nuclear family is the cornerstone 
of men 's domination in the United 
States. The division of labor within the 
family ascribes roles to women 
according to their biolOgical functions . 
Pregnancy and child-rearing establish 
the home as a woman's sphere , 
dictating her responsibility for nunuring 

the emotional needs of the lamily whIle 
creating her dependence on a wage 
earner. Her primary responsIbility for 
children shapes her possibilities in 
every aspect of her life as the needs of 
her children and husband are placed 
before her own aspirations. As long as a 
woman cannot control the size of her 
family. her dependency on and sacri fice 
to her bread-winning husband are 
assured. 

The increasing participation of 
women in the paid workforce has 
brought about a delay in the age women 
choose to marry and have children. 
Indeed. many more women are 
forfeiting those options altogether, 
recognizing the limitation that familial 
responsibilities would put on their 
professional success. Yet it is only 
through her reproductive control that a 
woman can choose when to have 
children. The advancements that women 
have made in the job market have been 
facilitated by the greater accessibility to 
reasonably safe and effective methods of 
birth control and abortion. Women are 
no longer defined strictly by their 
reproductive capabilities through the 

subjugation to co mpulsory pregnancy. 
nor are they necessarily dependent on 
anot her person for their financia l 
support. Reproductive control is 
essential to women's emancipation. 
Thus. as men make the connection 
between reproductive rights and their 
loss of privileges in the home and in 
the economy, birth control and abonion 
services become the targets of 
reactionary violence. 

The social policy advocated by 
members of the anti-abonion movement 
seeks to restore the "traditional" family, 
the institution that keeps women 
"barefoot and pregnant" and under the 
comrol of men. Their objective extends 
beyond the abolition of safe, legal 
abortion and access to family planning 
services to touch on broader concerns. 
Underlying the repression is a fear of 
female sexuality as it depal1S from 
procreation. Anti-abortionists believe 
that pregnancy is the appropriate 
punishment for women who are sexuaDy 
active. while their male partners-in-
crime escape admonishment Feminist 
journals, such as the mainsrream Ms 
magazine, that teach women about 

AIiUII~ nllS lMIIIl'IIII[I. AiIMl1IllIII lKM .. _g-
lIAIlo .. ·t I. ·alSOllllIl ..... _ .... lIlllllllAlt 

IIIIIt ScIe c..-1Ii II!!InIf II IAImIlIUI r- FI*In SIM lSIGI iIII *II IIUIS 
".1 111I1118IlS s-.IIIAII!II'MSM I'IlIaaiIi "nl! lIII~JI"II!R 

....... -~. l-_*".". ".11.'" ..... __ .ltlIH 

FREE SCREENING 8:00 PM MANDMLLE AUDITORIUM 
sponsored by FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1 UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFKE UHMRSlTY If CAUFOIINIA, SAN DIEGO 

109201 

sexuality beyond the "facts of life" are 
banned fro m schools as being the work 
of the devil. Lesbianism is seen as 
female sexuality run rampant b), 
reactionaries who seek to limit the 
constitutional rights of homosexuals. In 
shon. the only acceptable Ii festyle to the 
right-wing activist is the male dominant 
nuclear family that mamtains female 
subjugation to her biological functions. 

Reproductive control through access 
to contraception and abortion services 
enables a woman to choose parenting 
within the nuclear family as just one of 
a wide array of choices open (0 her. 
Without the ability to decide if and 
when to have children, her only option 
would be dictated by her biological 
functions . The abortion clinic violence 
threatens to erode not only women's 
reproductive choice but also their 
possibility for achieving equality with 
men. A1tenative Visions urges you to 
show your support for women's rights 
by demanding an FBI investigation into 
the bombings and an end to the anti-
woman terrorism. 

Alternative Visions Feminist 
Writers Collective 

PREPARATION FOR ' 

GMAT·LSAT·GAE 
San DIego Cooler 
2180 Garnel 21) 

R:clft Bea::h. CA 92109 
(619)27(}.68 10 

M L 1'vtN..J1Iy. Admnlstrator 
ClASSES ()\j CAWU) 

1~-fI· . MPUti EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

BUSINESS AND 
TECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 34) in financial 
and logistic support. The Navy 
Supply Corps needs highly 
qualified, dynamic indMduals 
to lead and manage large 
inventory and financial 
netvvorks. Salary Sl8, 500 to 
start, S34,DOO after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need BA/BS, U.S. citizenship. 
Call Naval ~nag.ment 
Programs, 29J-6746, 
Mon-Wed lam-4pm. 

Thursday,Jan. JI, 1985 7 

Kirk Knutsen 

Campaigning for a national · lobby 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramen to Corrtspondtnt 

ON THE WALL opposite Kirk Knutsen's desk at the University of California Student Lobby is a 
dart board with a canoon of Gov. 
George Deukmejian doubling as the 
bull's eye. 

"I've thrown my share of the darts. 
but it's not my dan board," Knutsen 
says, with a note of caution. 

Knutsen. 25, is the new regional 
director of the United States Students 
Association, a national lobby re-
emerging from almost a decade of fiscal 
crisis and controversy. 

The 1983 graduate of UC Riverside , 
who served as UCR internal student 
h<?<iy president. was selected over two 
other candidates by the USSA Board of 
Directors last week to start a publicity 
campaign which could lead to the 
establishment of a national UC student 
lobbyist 

Knutsen, who worked on several 
Democratic Congressional campaigns 
and a student voter registration project 
before taking the USSA position, will be 
traveling to Oregon and Washington 
state to recruit new schools for the 
organization. He will also attempt to 
increase the UC Student Lobby's 
support at the individual campuses in a 
scheme to solidify USSA's financial and 
political position on the West Coast. 

"BasicaDy we are trying to create an 
atmosphere for a strong, grassroots 

funding base , not only from student 
governments rubber-stamping our 
allocation, but from wide acceptance on 
a campus level ." he said. 

Knutsen is preparing articles on past 
successes of the UC Student Lobby-
such as its push for Fourth Amendment 
search and seizure rights for dorm 
residents in 19H-and will conduct 
workshops in the Pacific Northwest on 
improving student government. 

"The health of USSA is reaDy 
dependent on the health of the 
individual student associations at the 
campus level which fund the national 
lobby." Knutsen said. By publicizing the 
state lobby's efforts. Knutsen believes 
more support in the form of 
membership dues and political action 
will come to USSA, which aD UC 
schools belong 10 through their 
affiliation with the Student Body 
Presidents' Council. 

Although USSA's budget exceeded 
$130,000 last year, the amount fluctuates 
year to year depending on the number 
of grants it receives for a non-profit 
research branch. The lobby no longer 
depends on foundation grants for its 
political operations-something which 
caused trouble in the past-and its 
chief rival in representing srudents in 
Congress, the American Students 
Association, is now defunct. 

"They're (USSA) really stable now," 

said Knutsen, the first of several regional 
directors the association is planning to 
hire to entrench itself nationwide. 

With 375 member coDeges in 30 
states, USSA gathers most of its support 
from the Midwest and East Coast. The 
president of USSA, Greg Moore. is from 
Ohio University and USSA has never 
held a national convention west of the 
Rockies in its ten-year history. -

But Knutsen, noting that there are 1.8 
miUion college srudents in California 
and at least 100.000 four-year students 
in the Pacific Northwest, hopes he can 
better balance the scales of USSA's 
constituency. 

His ultimate goal is the establishment 
of a UC student lobbyist in USSA's 
Washington D.C. office. someone who 
could work on legislation effecting the 
University of California's Lawrence 
livermore and Los Alamos weapons 
labs. 

"It's a national issue which has direct 
relevance back home," he said, adding 
that the UC lobbyist would aho work on 
USSA-sponsored legislation. Such a 
position could matrrialize in the next 
year. he said. 

Despite pronouncements that 
students are becomming more 
conservative. Knutsen is convinced 
srudents will actively support both the 
rraditionaDy liberal UC and national 

Students lobby on abortion 
By JANE ROSENBERG, SaCTamtnto Comspondtnc 

A s ANTI-ABORTION protestors quietly held Ia e color photographs 01 aborted felUSCs. 
Assemblyman Tom Bates (D-OakIand) 
complimented pro-chOice advocates for 
their "cerebral approach ." 

An unidentified man who insisted on 
addressing three legislators and two pro-
choice lobbyiSts as "baby killers" during 
a press conference Jan. 22 had to be 
escorted out of the room by the 
California State Police. 

An elderly woman told of the pain 
surrounding her decision to abort a 
dead fetus. Fifty college-age women 
from Southern California handed out 
roses and black arm bands before an 
anti-abonion rally on the Capitol steps. 

The annual rites commemorating and 
mourning the anniversary of tne Roe v. 
Wade Supreme Court decision. which 
legalized abortion, were filled with the 
same emotions as past protests, but this 
year's wakes and workshops added a 
new twist to the 12-year-old plol. 

Sen. Diane Watson (D-Los Angeles) 
used the occassion to announce her 
intent to author an anti-abonion clinic 
bombing bill which would add bombing 
to the Penal Code's definition of 
terrorism. Currently. bombing is 

punishable by a state prison term of 
three, five or seven years. according to a 
consultant for the Senate Judiciary 
Comminee. 

Aides in Watson's office said the bill 
is still being drafted and were uncertain 
when it would be introduced. The 
legislation was inspired by the recent 
rash of abortion clinic bombings, whose 
frequency has increased so rapidly the 
US Justice Department warned clinics to 
take precautions during the Roe v. 
Wade anniversary weekend. 

Sen. Herschel Rosenthal (D-Los 
Angeles) jOined in supporting Watson's 
proposed bill and anempted to calm the 
vocal pro-life groups by declaring: 
"Violence is unacceptable, but debate on 
all sides is something we should 
encourage. Violence is something that 
takes place in undemoratic countries in 
the-world where you would not want to 
live." 

Members of the anti-abortion groups 
who traveled to the Capitol to take part 
in last week's events, quickly agreed 
with the intent of Watson's bill. 

"We were yeDing, 'Stop bombing. stop 
abortion .... said Cindy Freeland, a 19-
year-old student from Arcadia. "That's 
making us look bad, and the pro-choice. 

Meet author 

Lois Horowitz 
in the 

University Bookstore 
February 4, 1985 

11 :30 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. 

where she will be autographing 
'poo~· ~========================~ef~e~~==========~ 

people look good." 
Both Sertate President Pro Tern David 

Roberti (D-Los Angeles) and 
Assemblyman Alister McAlister (0-
Milpitas) garnered enthusiastic applause 
during an anti-abortion rally where more 
than 200 people stood in a moment of 
silence before singing "The Battle Hymn 
of the Republic ." 

"There are still a few Democrats 
around who don't follow the party's 
platform on this issue," Roberti said. 
"The Democratic Party has made two 
errors in its otherwise illustrious history: 
The first occurred in the 18505 when 
the Democratic Party temperized on 
slavery . _ . and the second error occurred 
in the 1970s and 1980s when many 
Democrats didn't recognize the 
similarity between civil rights of the 
unborn and the civil rights of all 
people: 

Pro-choice advocates, who may be 
forced to lobby without a central 
coordinating body because the National 
Organization for Women has closed its 
office here, spent the day in workshops 
on the bombings and legislative 
priOrities. During their press conference. 
they criticized some of their foes' other 

lobbies because of their unchanged 
agenda. 

"On a piece of paper, the lobby is 
down on the liberal side of the slate, but 
90% of the time it's going for the nuts 
and bolts issues-financial aid and 
fees: he said . "A lot of bills that might 
be considered liberal by the general ~ 
population are reaDy conservative within 
the university community." 

At the same time. Knutsen is proud of 
his own liberal credentials. He managed 
Pentagon Papers co-author Mel Gunov's 
Congressional campaign in the 37th 
Congressional District Democratic 
Printary last year. an ill-fated attempt. by 
Knutsen's own admission. because 
Gurtov was "too liberal" for the Riverside 
district. 

While attending UCR on a debate 
scholarship, Knutsen formed Students 
for Progressive Government, a self-
described minority party whose motto 
during Legislative Council elections was: 
"If you voted for Reagan, don't vote for 
US." 

The son of an acrive member of the 
International Longshoremen and 
Warehousemen's Union. Knutsen said 
he became interested in politics 
"through osmosis" while on the now-
defunct UCR debate team and chose the 
life of an activist so he could live with 
himself. 1m 

tactics, such as labeling abortion as the 
"American Holocaust" and using 
photographs of aborted fetuses, which 
they claimed may be distorted during 
developing. 

"The Jewish people are appalled by 
the term 'holocaust' being used in this 
way," said AnnabeDe Kenward. 
coordinator for the Religious Coalition 
for Abortion Rights. "The Holocaust was 
a one-time event and the meaning is 
'consumed by fire : Those of us who are 
reasonable respond horribly to the term 
'holocaust. ". 

The University of California Student 
Lobby has already received the go-ahead 
from the Student Body Presidents' 
Council to lobby against Sonoma 
Repubhcan Sebestiani's biD, but is 
limited in the resources it can devote 
for lobbying against anti-abortion 
legislation . 

The lobby has a history of working on 
the pro-choice side of the debate, but 
Associate Lobby Director Janine 
Verbinski, who runs the lobby's 
Women's Desk, is preparing a policy 
statemment so both SBPC and the lobby 
can respond more qUickly to anti-
abortion legislation. fiJl 



Immunizations available 

Measles poses serious threat 
By LISA PAIKIN 

According to Dalynn Proffitt, director 
of health education at UCSD's Health 
ervices Center, measles IS a serious 

disease when it occurs in adults , and it 
has caused concern at the Health 
Center. 

ThiS particular concern spnngs from 
the fact that some college students are 
more suspecuble to measles because 
they either partlclpaled In an 
immUnIzation campaIgn prior to 1968 
In which the first measles vaccines were 
inadequate and Ineffective. or they were 
not vaccinated at all , Proffitt said , 
According to Proffit!, those people born 
between the target years of 1957 to 

1967, now ages 17 to 27 years old, 
should seriously examIne their past 
immunization records because "they're a 
more vulnerable group going through life 
in the United States than any other 
group, 

" ow if this group of adults gets the 
disease,'" she said, "they will more easily 
give it to one another because they ate 
more vulnerable, and they will have a 
disease that can go into complications." 
According to Public Health Statistics, 
15% of all college-aged adults are 
suceptible to measles. 

Measles is caused by a virus. It is 

1 he Health Center lobby IS 100hingJor a rash oj victims. 

C 
FOR 

if you must. But please ... before you start, do as the pros do and acquire 
All the tools you need to do the job right Strong coffee and whatever 
else you use may not be enough, 

Do 'He recommend cramming? Certainly not. But tor those of you 
who are going to cram anyway (We know there are some of you out 
there), the MARKOFF MVItOftt TRAINING is Simply " the greatest 
cramming tool ever invented," 

So why not break away from the books and spend just one hour of 
your valuable time and watch us " put up or shut up," YOU'll enjoy it 
And in just 10 short minutes, we'D have you memorizing a list YOU'll 
never forget, in one third the time. 

---UCSD FREE SEMINAR SOtEDULE---
Triple your memory in one hour. 

Thursdly, J ...... ry 31, 11 14M - HL 1105 
Thursday, J...-ry 31, 4 PM - HL 1431 
Friday, Fcbrwlry 1, 1 PM - APM 1401 

----I FULl. MINDRY COURSE----
s.tunay, FcbnMry I, 11 14M to 5 PM 

Cllil 175-3030 for full InfonMtlon & location 

Sponsored by Zeta Beta Tau, All Invited to attend. 

spread by coming in contact with the 
saliva of someone who has the 
disease-by kissing, uSing the same . 
eating utenSils, or even from using the 
same face tOwel , for example, A blotchy, 
red rash appears first on the face, and 
over a perid of a few days, spreads 
down the body to the feet , Proffitt said . 

There is more than one type of 
measles; rubella, or German or three-day 
measles, comparatively milder than 
rubiola, also known as red measles or 
seven-Io-ten day measles. One vaccine 
takes care of bOlh types, Proffitt said , 
. If measles is acquired, Proffitt warns, 

SOURCE 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE J \: 
private citizens in the community to 
offer their homes as "work places" as 
well. 

Each person sponsoring a student in 
a job will pledge a certain amount per 
hour. Only the amount greater than the 
mmimum wage for an eight-hour work 
day will be considered tax deductible. 

Even if a business does not have any 
jobs to offer a student, it can still donate 
to SOURCE by sponsoring a student to 
work at a non-profit organization, such 
as a convalescent home. 

Businesses or individudls donating 
$50 per student per day will receive the 
title, "Friend of SOURCE." Those 

"it's going to keep you out of classes a 
long time; it's going to be like a horrible 
dose of Ou; it's going to knock 
you ... and it's something that could 
threaten you making it through a 
quarter." 

According to Profitt, it is now an old 
myth that it IS best to get the measles, 
get it over wuh and then never have to 
worry about it again. The attitude today 
is prevention, and the best prevention 
for measles is to be immunized. 

The Health Services Center on 
campus offers free immunization until 
the end of the school year. ~ 

donating $100 per student per day will 
be "Patrons of SOURCE" and those 
donating $200 per student per day will 
be "Sponsors of SOURCE." 

Students will be covered by a 
University insurance plan if they injure 
themselves accidentaUy while working at 
a SOURCE job. However, "Students 
should understand what it is that they're 
going to do. If they feel that it is 
dangerous , or if it's hazardous to them, 
they should nOt do II and they won't be 
forced to do it either, because the 
employers understand that (that is a 
part of the agreement) ," WiniLZ said. 

In return for their time and effort, 
students from on-campus organizations 
will be aUowed to keep 25% of the 
money they bring in for their particular 
club, 

---------- - --- --- - -

Student Premlum- i53.00 
Spouse-$66.25 
Chlldren-$66.25 

per quarter-
ENROLLING NOW until Feb. 3rd 

--- Information and applications ae available at __ _ 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452- 3300 
PI.ase nore: Revised descriptive brodlUres are available at 
the S!Udent Health Cenrer, The new brochures replace any prior 
brochures describing me 1984-1985 UCSO SlUdent Insurance . 
Pion underwrinen by Atlanta International Insuronce Company 
under Policy No, AH01965, Ally broct1ure that does not have 
the notation f\EV.DRO.ED.9/ 84 AH01965 is no longer in effea, 

--- -------- - --~--- -------- --- ----

El.IAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN Californian. 

'_WOII .",~ CIILt fo, _ III (trg. $18) 
l'rceWolI .",~ eutl for _II 110 (trg. $U) 

DlrecUo,.., pcnu $15 (trg. 140) Sc .. ",tue4 ,..,,. ((Mil tdJ III (trg. 140) 
I'fIIllieure It htlk .. re '" (reg. $18) Ce".""'~ 115 (trg. $1') 

One Itour '''''M "_ $1. (reg. $"') 
On~ Ito .. , _" .... 110111 $25 (reg, "") 

Spec/"Im In blM:lr hll, 
A ~II 5enHce »Ion 

7(j()(J UnQ 1'1$", /ltJ, (l'te.JI Coli. Dr. 4' 16J) lM-e865 
!'Ielll Mloll rformerlJl '" Jo4I, Cutting Co.) 7J7 Pun SL,'" Jo4u 

f56·1170 f56·'.'5 
Specil/s good with MI with ~/«lM JIgIiJU through 1/ ,./8' 

Thursday, Jan , JI , 1985 9 
i. 

• .. ~. ';:«..: . .:;z • >' .. • .. ~ ... 0;. ..... -: ... v. " • ., ..' n' /.. • 

'Il-I:I.'-II~I:I.'-II~I:I.' i~iI r·r.:lIi!i~iI r·r.:lIi!i~iI r·r ~ 1.11 :U:_ -==1.11::1 f:- -==1.11. 
The Get Away Dance 

Win A Trip to s.F. 
Come (0 the biggest event of 

the year: the Get Away Dance, 
Friday, Feb, 8 from 8-12 pm in 
the Revelle Cafeteria, $1.00 gets 
you a ticket to the dance and a 
raffle ticket. Bring a suitcase 
packed for the weekend with 
you: at 9:00 pm a drawing will be 
held. The Grand Prize Winner 
and a guest will leave 
immediately from the dance, The 
Prize includes airfare,lodgings at 
Howard Johnson's on Fisher-
man's Wharf and limousine 
service to the airport for two, 
Supplemental)' prizes will be 
given as well. You must be present 
to win, Tickets will be on sale on 
Revelle Plaza Feb. 6th, 7th and 
8th from lOam-2pm, The Get 
Away Dance is sponsored by 
HPA, Mesa Travel Agency, 
California's Finest Limousine 
Service and Howard Johnson's. 
All proceeds from the dance will 
go to the United Way, Don't miss 
your chance to enjoy a weekend 
in San Francisco! 

~:lI i:j !!lfi I~:'J i:j!! ill~:lI i; 1I::If:- ~I.II:"'·_ ~I.II:.I"_ 

A NOTE 
OR COMMUTERS: 

-AITENTlON-

Attention Freshmen Adopted 
Commuters: on Wed., Feb. 13th 
there will be a free dinner for you 
in the Revelle Cafeteria. The 
theme of the dinner is "Winter 
Carnival", Get tickets in the 
Commuter Lounge, Spaces are 
limited , so hurry to get yours! 

BROOMBAll 
TOURNAMENT 

A note for commuters : 
Broomball Tournament. 

Broomball? What's that? I had 
no idea . Then someone 
explained it to me, Twelve people 
per team wear tennis shoes on 
ice and hit a tiny puck With - get 
this-brooms! The object of this 
insanity is to make goals, like in 
hockey games. Somehow I don't 
think goals would be very easy to 
make. I'd have trouble just 
standing on the ice, let alone 
moving. This year a broomball 
tournament started on January 
22nd and continues through 
Februal)' 14th, We have three 
commuter teams playing, Good 
luck to all the teams and don't 
slip! 

-Emma-Lee Caprio 

A Revelle College Publication· Unlverilty of Callfomla, Son Diego 

February 2-Auditions for the Revelle Talent Show. If you are interested, 
sign up in the Revelle Dean's Office, 
February 9-Career Planning Workshop-"Identifying Your Career," 
9:00-3:00 pm; this workshop is deSigned to help those WIth undefmed 
career goals identify appropriate occupational areas. For more mformanon , 
contact the Career Services Office. 
February 10-Theatre Night Dostoyevski's 'The Possessed." 7:00 pm at the 
Mandell-Weiss Theatre. 
February 13-Revelle Talent Show; Revelle Cafeteria, 
February 22-Brown Bag Lunch with Professor ,?reb, department of 
history, who is teaching Political Science 163A HlstO.ry/ Arms Control. 
Infonnal lunch discussion, 12:00 noon, Revelle Cafetena, 
February 22-Last day to tum in applications to be an Orientation Leader. 

BATTLE OF THE BANDS WINNER: LIMBO SlAM 
Playing their self-described 

"tropical-flavored pop" lirnbo 
Slam won last Friday night'S 
Battle of the Bands. cheered on 

- by a bouncing sweaty crowd, 
Judged on mUSicianship , 
showmanship, band unity, music 
selection, audience reaction and 
appearance on a scale of one to 
ten, they tallied the most points 
from the ten judges. 

"They played a good variety of 
music and it was danceable, They 
were pretty tight as a band, too," 
commented judge Eric 
Gilbertson. 

First prize, donated by 
Soundtrax Recording Studio, one 
of the best in San Diego, was five 
hours of studio time. Second 
prize, won by the Standards, was 
a one hour video screening. 

Bernard Yin , member of Lirnbo 
Slam felt that the-studio time was 
"a ta~teful prize." It was directed at the betterment of the band and had a distinct 
creative purpose that a monetary prize might not have had, he added. 

The foursome, composed of former members of the defunct groups, the Capulets 
and the flaming Hibachis, includes bassist and singer Marc Dycalco, a 1984 
graduate of UCSD' guitarist and vocalist Yin and drummer Dave Blackburn, both of 
whom are UCSD ~tudents ; and Fergus Statom, the saxophonist and a student at 
Mesa College, Like many groups composed 01 students, their commitment to 

Atttntion: 
Graduating Seniors 

Are you planning to graduate 
in the 1984-85 academic year? If 
so, you must file a Degree and 
Diploma Application by the end 
of the ninth week of the quaner 
before the quaner of your 
graduation. In other words, by 
ninth week of Winter Quaner if 
you plan to graduate in the 
Spring, Applications are available 
in the Revelle Provost's Office. 

-NOTE-
Are you making minimum 

progress? Remember that 
campuswide policy requires 
completion of 36,0 units within 
an academic year (three 
consecutive quarters, plus the 
summer), If you feel that you will 
not meet this requirement or plan 
to drop below 12.0 units in any 
quaner, please discuss your 
situation with an academiC 

On Sunday, Feb. 10, the 
Faculty/ Student Programming 
Board presents Theatre Night 
featuring an adaptation of 
Fyodor Dostoyevski 's "The 
Possessed ." Following the play 
there may be a wine-cheese 
discussion with the director and 
there will be a reception with the 
cast. Tickets are $4.00 and may 
be purchased at the Revelle 
Provost 's Office or the 
Community Center. 

the group is limited, but Yin 
stressed that they are serious 
about their band and are hoping 
to continue. Together for seven 
months, they have performed for 
four. 

Drawing from a melange of 
in(\uences-"Heavy metal guitar, 
funk, calypso, soul, definitely 
reggae and a sprinkle of punk," 
according to Yin-Dycaico and 
Yin write the originals that are 
the band's mainstay. They feel 
that all the different styles meld 
and form a unique style, 

·We've only played three cover 
songs (songs by other groups) at 
the Battle of the Bands-that's 
important to us," said Yin, 
adding that while playing ·covers 
pays the bills, playing that way 
has only a limited creativity," 

·We have a preference toward 
shows where we can showcase 
our own material," he continued, 
"San Diego is warming up a little 
to bands who play their own 
music." In fact, Limbo Slam will 
be playing at the Rock Palace on 
Feb. 7th. 

Second prize winners The 
Standards, with Miles Kenney on 
lead guitar, Todd Pollock on 
rhythm guitar and vocals , 
Andrew Brasington on bass and 
vocals and Roly Geneza on 
drums and back-up vocals, have 
been together one year with 
Kenney joining eight months 
ago. Kenney said he liked the 
format and the inexpensive 
tickets of the Battle of the Bands 
and said the video the band will 
do would be fun . 

-Barbara Tran 

Help With The 
RENAISSANCE FAIRE 

The Revelle Renaissance Faire 
will be held Sunday, May 5th 
from 11-4, There is a lot of work 
to be done and everyone is 
encouraged to participate, If you 
are interested in getting involved 
with the Renaissance Faire, lea~ 
a message for Jamie Baudizzon in 
the Revelle Provost Office. 



Even cowgirls 
get the bruise 
By LISE K. BOWLER 

A s I DRIFTED through my midnight matinee of dreams, I was abruptly awakened by the 
rude buzz of the alarm next 10 me. 
Rolling over in my sleeping bag, I 
peered up at my companions in their 
beds. "Who the hell set the alarm?" I 
wondered. "It's five o'clock in the 
morning!" With a groan, I buried my 
head under the pillow and shifted my 
body on the hard floor. The pointed toe 
of my cowboy boot imbedded itself in 
my hip, and I promptly jumped up. 
Within seconds, I was in my jeans and 
had wriggled my feet into the boots. 
Then, jacket in hand, 1 slipped out the 
door and dashed down the rickety stairs 
of the Atwater Hotel. 

It was still dark outside, as I picked 
my way down the street to Joe's Cafe. 
The tightness in my stomach made me 
not want to eat but I knew I had to. 
Sitting down at the counter, I was 
greeted by the town's early risers. 

"Today's the big day, huh Lise?" 
"Yep!" 
"Well, good luck. You'll need it. Did 

you bring gloves?" 
"No Dixie , I didn't. You make it 

sound like torture." 
"Trial weekend usually is tonure , Lise. 

They are going lO see if you have the 
right stuff, so lO speak. And believe me, 
they aren't known for their mercy. So 
good luck." 

"Thanks Dixie. You are really may 
me look forward to aU of this." 

When I decided to transfer to UCSD, 
I learned that in order lO pay cheaper 
tuition , I would have to become a 
California resident.. So I had to figure 
out what 10 do for a ) ' lia 
before 1 started school. L . here 
to go was easy, as a friend from my 
former school was doing a work/ study 
at Catalina Island. She kept telling me 
about this enchanted, magic place 
where she lived and how she'd give me 

a job with Island Resorts if I showed up. 
So, I took her up on the offer and 
landed on the magic island in August. 

Laurel was right, the place was 
enchanted. On my first day there, she 
gave me a tour of the island in a 
borrowed golf cart. . 

"And this is the country club, as you 
can see by the golf course. That there is 
the school and next to it, the hospitalY 

I took all the Sights in with awe and 
excitement which doubled when Laurel 
pointed out the stable . "Wow. Just my 
luck. Do they rent horses?" I asked 
hopefully. 

"They give guided tours." 
"You can't JUSt ride on your own?" 
"No, I don't think so." 
We headed back toward town, and to 

my first night as desk' clerk at the 
Pavilion Lodge. On the way, 1 had been 
musing about the stable, my job at the 
hotel and my complete change of 
direction in life, in general. I had just 
quit school after three years of studying 
Hotel and Restaurant Administration. 
Business not being my fone , I decided 
to do something I've always wanted lO 
do: go to California and become a 
writer. Acceptance at UCSD and plans 
to be a writing major were the first steps 
in my new path. My second step was 
about lO occur. 

"Laurel! Tum around and go to the 
stable. I'm going lO ask them for a job." 

My luck was with me, as there was an 
opening at the stable . But I had to wait 
a month for the other stable hand to 
leave. 1 pondered my situation and 
decided to follow my heart. Should I 
work for Island Resorts and make a 
good salary and have more free time, or 
should I do that which I've always 
dreamt of doing-work with horses? 
The work week would be from 7 am to 
6 pm, six days a week. The pay: Sl00 a 
week plus lodging in the stable 
bunkhouse. FinanciaDy, the stable job 
was vety unattractive. But though my 
mind said no, my heart said go. 

It was light out when I left Joe's at 
6:30 and started walking to the stable. I 
still had n 't been offkially hired yet, so 
this trial weekend was crucial. My 
finances were getting frighteningly low 
and sleeping on the floor of Laurel's 
hotel room was becomming old . I 
needed this job. But even more, 1 
wanted it. 

At seven o'clock, Kenny and Joanne 
emerged from their house, ready for 
another day. I watched them approach 
the stable and noticed that they were 
real cowboys. I'd never met real cowboys 
before. My riding experiences always 
took place back East: English riding, 
horse shows, fancy hunt clubs-money, 
snobbery, superior attitudes. Though I 
preferred English riding over Western, 
the life of cowboys, rodeos and the 
working life with horses alWdYS 
ap~aled to me. It seemed ,:"ore 
realisnc, yet so very romantic. 

Kenny greeted me with a long, drawn 
out "Howdy!" and strolled on his way to 
the stable. Joey grinned. "Ready?" 

"Sure am!" 
"You remember now that this is your 

trial run. We get so many girls who 
don 't work out. Afraid to get dirty, afraid 
of good old-fashioned hard work. Well, 
this isn't a secretary's job. In order to 
enjoy this job you really have to , .. uh ... 
enjoy it . OK?" 

"Sure ." Joanne wasn 't as friendly as 
the first day I met her. I could already 
tell that she'd put up with no bullshit. I 
was getting nervous. 

"We open at 10 for guided rides. 
Kenny and I will usually have fed the 
string horses by now. So your first chore 
is to feed the boarders." 

I filled the wheelbarrow with hay 
cubes, and went from corral to corral 
feeding each horse his rarion. There 
were 20 of them. They each lived in a 
separate 20' by 20' paddock. The 
feeding took about a half hour, but 
seemed easy enough. 

"Now what, Joey?" 
"Now you clean the boarders' corrals. 

Take this rake, shovel and wheelbarrow. 
Rake up everything Manure, hay cubes, 
rocks. We want the paddocks to look 

spodess and evenly raked." 
An hour later, 1 was half-way finished, 

The hot September sun had burnt 
through the morning haze, and the 
dew-laden dust had dried. My face was 
already gritty with dirt and perspir.ltion. 
My throat was parched. I didn't dare 
SlOp for a break. Another hour passed 
and I WdS finally finished. I desperately 
needed a rest. My arms ached from 
raking, lifting the shovel and pushing 
the heavy wheelbarrow. My soft hands 
were raw, the first layer of skin rubbed 
off. Even my fingers ached . I guess I 
looked as bad as I felt. Joey met me at 
the stable patio. 

"Don't worry, it gets easier as time 
goes on." 

Ah, a few compassionate words. 
"It should only take you an hour." 
"Oh ... ." My spirits sagged as I sat 

down on th'! porch to rest . 
"Cmon now. We're already behind. 

Kenny and I brought the horses in. 
We've got to brush and saddle them. I'll 
help today since we're running late." 

Lord, this lady doesn't quit, does she? 
I got my brushes and started grooming 
the horses. Their dirt-caked bodies 
required a lot of rubbing. I scrubbed and 
scrubbed. Joey was alWdys two horses 
ahead of me. 1 thought maybe I was 
cleaning them too well, and should just 
hurry up . So ( did. 

"Use , you missed a spot." She was 
pOinting to the belly of the palomino I 
had just curried. You can't win. 

Finally, the 22 string horses were 
clean and saddled. It took even longer 
than it should have. I kept putting the 
wrong tack on the wrong horses. Hell, 
I'll worry about learning their names 
later. 

We tied them up to the fence out 
front and went into the office. 

"Lise , why don't yu go wash up in the 
bathroom, We don 't like to look too 
grubby when the tourists come." 

OK, Joey, OK Anything else while I'm 
at it? 

When I returned I sat down in the 
office with Joey. I was already dead tired 
and it was only ten o'clock. I consoled 
myself with the thought that the riding 

would be easy. The fun pan was anout 
to begin . ( hadn't been on a horse in 
two years, but figured I was In good 
shape, so 11 wouldn't hun. What I didn't 
conSIder was six hours In the saddle. 

The first group of riders had 
assembled by 10:10. Kenny was going to 
guide this trip in order to acquaint me 
with the trail, and see if, in fact, I knew 
how to ride. I felt confident as I swung 
into the saddle. 

Kenny looked impressive on his red 
Apaloosa. His weather-worn face peered 
out from beneath his hat. His strong, 
lean body fit right into his saddle. The 
well worn chaps, scuffed boots and 
jangling spurs completed his ensemble. 
Forty-five years of cowboying, bronc 
busting and calf roping seemed to have 
rreated him well . And he still worked 
like a bandit. No more rodeos or wild 
mustangs, but this so-caUed retirement 
life of his kept him going. Working 
hard was his life. 

"Alright folks, listen up! We're going 
for a four-mile ride in the hills . I want 
you to keep the horse single file with a 
horse's length in between. They can be 
mean, ornery critters, so no fooling 
around . And furthermore , I can be even 
meaner and ornerier than the pack of 

them, so take care!" 
I caught the twinkle in his eye as he 

gave his speech. The rough, tough 
cowboy really had a hean of gold . 
We lined up Single file and headed for 
the hills. I did my best to sit taD in the 
Western saddle. There was a real 
difference between this and the English 
seat. My horse, Smo~e , was a tall, well-
built Apaloosa mare. She had a brisk 
walk and a desire to work. AD the 
horses were strong and happy. It didn't 
surprise me. They were well cared for-
unlike most rental horses I'd seen. 

As we made our way up the hill, the 
view gO! more spectacular. We looked 
OUt over the entire town of Avalon , the 
boats bobbing in the harbor, the 
channel and finally the mainland. So 
caught up in the scenery, I didn 't notice 
that Kenny had started to run . I spurred 
Smoke on and she picked up a smooth 
canter. I was in my own little world . A 
cowgirl , nding in the mountains, In 
search of a lost calf. 

"Lise! .. . Lise! Look alive!" Kenny has 
slowed and turned his horse around . 
"We JUSt lost one. I'm going back to load 
her up again ." 

I looked behind me at the lady 
standing beside the pinto. Funny, she 
was the one who swore she was a great 
rider. I guess actions speak louder than 
words. 

I heard Kenny in the distance. · You 
OK, ma'am? The object here is lO stay In 
the saddle . Hey, Mister! ( told you not 10 
let them eat. Pull hIm up!" Kenny trotted 
back to hIS post. "You gotta keep an eye 
on these folks. As far as horseflesh is 
can erned , these people are not noted 
for intelligence " 

An hour later, we were back at the 
stables. I lied Smoke up and helped the 
nders from their saddles. They all 
groaned as they slid to the ground I 
tOO , felt a bit wobbl>'. No sooner th.ln I 
had hllLhed the horses, Joey appeared 
\\~ I h ~nother group 

"Ready to go on your own?" 
"Sure l " 
The afternoon continued this \/ay. 

Trip after trip. Hour after hour. Each 
time I dismounted, my legs shook more. 
The bones in my seat began to soften 
and form brUIses My stomach muscles 
hurt, and my back cramped up . 

At 4:30, I returned from my sixth trip. 
Joey helped the riders off as I gUided 
Smoke 10 her hitching post. I couldn't 
get off. I JUSt sat there , slumped over the 
saddle hom, sweat running off my face. 

Joey came over. "Well, that's it for 
today." 

"Thank God: I groaned. I was ready 
for a hot bath and a beer. Slipping off 
Smoke, I felt my knees collapse as I hit 
the ground. I waited and took a few 
wobbly steps. I couldn't wait to get back 
to the hotel. I wanted to curl up and 
die. 

"Let's go Lise . We've got to bring the· 
horses in ." 

Oh God , there 's more? Of course 
there is. Who else is going to do it? 

I brought aD of the horses in to the 
patio, unsaddled them and lugged the 
heavy gear into the tack room. Then, 
they got fed their grain, after which I 
hosed and scraped them down and led 
them back to the corral. Once finished, 

I limped on back to the offIce, hoping 
my chores were fimshed . No such luck. 

"Now you've got to weep the patio 
and rake up the area where the horses 
were tied aU day." 

My poor blisters. My movements 
became slower each minute. My body 
was crying out in pain. Why are you 
abusing me so? Body ... I don 't know. 

I was finished by 5:30. That has got 
to be it. Please , God , don't let there be 
more. Please .... 

"OK Lise, one more Job and you are 
finished . Go feed and water the 
boarders and then meet me in the 
office." 

"Yes ma'am ," 
The little hand on my watch struck 

six when I wheeled the can into the 
patio to park it . Finished. What a day. 
Why did I tum down my desk job for 
this? God , I hurt. I've never hun so 
much in my entire life. 

"Lise, you did a fine job today. How 
do you feel ?" Joey grinned with obvious 
pleasure. 

"Ugh ... I fail to see the humor, Joey." 
"Well here's $25. We don 't usuaUy 

pay the girls for trial runs but we like 
you and hope you'll stay on. What do 
you say?" 

"Really? You mean I got it? Sure, I'll 

Thursday, Jan. 31 , 1985 11 

stay!" I would have jumped for JOY, but 
my body knew better. 

"We'll see you tomorrow then. right?" 
"Yeah. I'll be here." 
I guess I'm a prime example of a 

little girl who never grew au( of her love 
and obsession for horses. Some call It a 
dIsease. I think there is a lot of truth In 
that statement. 

I walked , grimacing with each step, 
back to town. I made it to the room, 
three long flights up, in the Atwater. 
Laurel greeted me. "Hi . Jesus, you look a 
wreck. What's it like to be a cowboy?" 

"Oh God , Laurel ... ." I hit the sleeping 
bag on the hard floor. -Laurel, will you 
do me a big favor?" 

"Sure , Lise, what?" 
' Pull my boots off. I can't." 
"But they are covered with horse 

crap!" 
"OK, never mind . How about a beer 

and six aspirin instead?" 
I don't know if I drank my beer, or 

took the aspirin. All I know is that I 
woke up the next morning with my 
boots laying on the floor next to me. I 
hun more than the day before , more 
than I thought humanly possible. I got 
up, against my better judgement, 
showered and made my way to the 
stable ... and California residency. ~ 



By ALICIA AGOS, Sports Eduor 

O UT I ' THE WATERS of Canyonview, they're still at it. UCSD's men's and women's 
swim teams are quietly and efficiently 
putting the kind of marks into the 
record books that , according to coach 
Bill Morgan , show the rest of the 
swimming world just how serious UCSD 
is about collegiate swimming. 

The upcoming February conference 
meet is traditionally the place where 
records are sct, broken and set again. 
It's also the place where swimmers 
usually have the best chance to put in 
qualifying times for Nationals. UCSD, 
however, is ahead of the game in that 
there are already ten Tritons who have 
qualified for Nationals in individual 
events. Morgan noted , "We have more 
swimmers who have qualified at this 
time than in any other yea r. We have 
six men who have qualified . and there 
are a lot of women who are really close 
to quali fymg. When we go to our 
conference meet on February IS, we'll 
hilve even more ." 

Bill Kazmlerowicz, UCSD's backbone 
in water events, has qualified in the 50- , 
100- and 2oo-free. Peter DobIas and Jon 
Irwin have made it in the 200-IM, while 
Jeff Ennght has qualified in the 1650-
free , Kip Fulbeck in the SO-free , and 
Roger Brisbane in the 100- and 200-
burterfly. The relay teams in th e 400-
medley and the 400- and 800-free have 
also quali fied . 

Morgan's women's team , which he 
says has "trained harde r than I've ever 
had a women's team train," currently 
has national quali fie rs in Irene Mons, 

. '. "':. '. ' 
. ' ' . 

'. :. )' .:'~~'.\:i ::,: . 
, '.f : . . t.· 

' ,,', ... 

Swim Schedule 
DAY DATE OPPONENT/ EVENT LOCATION TIME 

Friday February Occidental (women) Home 3:00p 
Saturday February 2 Claremont (men) Claremont 12:0Op 

Pomona-Pitzer (women) 
Friday Febluary 8 USD &1 No. Arizona (women) USD 3:00p 
Saturday February 9 UCSD Relays Home all day 
Thursday February 21 Pac West Championships Seattle 
Friday March 1 USD (women) Home 4:00p 
Saturday March 2 Pepperdine (men) Home 12:oop 
Fri-Sat March 8-9 UCSD Invitational Home all day 
Thursday March 14 Div. III Natl. Champ. (women) Atlanta TBA 
Thursday March 21 Div. 1\1 Nat! . Champ. (men) Atlanta TBA 

200-free; Leann Brown . 1650-free; and 
Tracy Mulvaney, 200- and 400-IM. The 
relay teams of the 200- . 400- and 800-
free will also be making the trip to 
Atlanta [or national competition. 

Tomorrow the women 's team will 
swim against an up-and-coming 
Occidental team whose program, says 
Morgan, "is improving rapIdly. We are 
still considerably stronger than them , 
but when you have a meet on Friday, 
then a big meet on Saturday, the trick is 
to use the top people as little as 
possible , limit their number of swims, 
and keep people rested for Saturday." 
Saturday IS the bIg day when the Tritons 
will swim against ever-present rival 
Claremont. The San Diego men will 

swim against a Stag team ranked #3 na-
tionally behind UCSD. Claremont has had 
the upper hand at every meeting since 
1981. Says Morgan , "This is what makes 
it such a great meet. It 's such a big 
rivalry. Our team has a great deal of 
respect for Claremont. The coaching 
philosophies of both teams are alike. 
last year at Nationals they beat us by 
6 1f2 points. It went right down to the 
wire. On paper, we 're favored for this 
meet, but I know how Mike Sutton, 
Claremont 's coach, will prepare . They're 
weak in our strong events, and we're 
weak in their strong events. The strategy 
will be interesting. I'm prepared for 
some fast swimming. Our team has riSen 
to the occasion before and swum well 

All-American sophomore Jeff Ennght (above ) JOinS Bill KazmlCroWlcz. Peter Dobaas, Jon Erwm , Kip Fulbeck arId Roger Bnsba Ple as (J 
q\U.llifier Jar the National Champions/lips, wltich WIll be held this March III Atlanta. 

and consistently. We expect to win, but 
it won't be easy without some excellent 
swimming. It we make a mistake, they'll 
get us." 

Since the main goal of the season has 
been to qualify people for Nationals , and 
with that event only 21f2 weeks away, no 
training schedules will reaUy be altered 
for Saturday's meet. Morgan thinks that 
the day will be interesting: "We're 
confident we're a better team, but we're 
not confident we'll walk away with 
anything." 

While the men will swim against 
Claremont on Saturday, the women will 
simultaneously face tt2-ranked Pomona . 
The UCSD women, ranked #5, are a 
slight underdog in the Triton-Sagehen 

Bill Morgan expects to see more oj his 
swimmers q\U.llify Jar Nationals at 
Saturday's meet at Claremont. 

-natch-up , but Morgan suspects he'll see 
some qualifying times come out of the 
meet. "No one really remembers who 
Nins or loses a dual meet; it 's how you 
do at Nationals . We're going for our best 
performance." 

Some excellent performances were put 
in at the recent UCSD Swim San Diego 
Senior Championships. It was the first 
meet of its kind held at UCSD, and 
Morgan wants to make it an annual and 
eventually prestigious event . For [irst-
time hosts , the Tritons did pretty well. 
Not only did they PUt on a successful 
meet , but the men 's and women 's teams 
emerged as the combined team 
champions. Morgan was impressed . "We 
were best over all the swim teams. 
colleges and clubs in the COUnty We 
exposed our program to aU the top 
coaches and club swimmers. Because we 
put on the meet in conjunction with 
SWIm San Diego (a countywide 
organiza tion), our meet served to pull 
together m Uege and U swimmers" 

Morgan is happy with the exposure 
his team received primarily because "it 's 
ImpOrtant for people to perce Ive that 
our athletic program is chang mg. We're 
real pleased . Wc swam well Jnd gOt 
quite J few qualifYing times 
Kazmlerowlcz leads the nation WIth his 
time m th 200-free, and Bnsba ne IS It I 
In th e I DO-butterfly " (ill 

A thriller it wasn't 
By MATI lAIT 
"W E MADE UP for Friday's 

game: sa id coach 
Marshall simply, referring 

to the Tritons' loss at Cal BapIlSt. 

midway m the first half. At this point, 
the Tmons stalled theIr full-COUll press 
and trappi ng zone defense, and guard 
Greg Kamansky caught fire. Kamansky 
was deadly in the first half, scoring ten 
points (12 for the night ). all from 
outside of IS feet. Despite the play of 
Kamansky, a UCSD lead of nine 
dwindled to five at halftime , 28-23. 

''Tonight was a different story," he 
added after UCSD easily defeated the 
Cal Lutheran I<ingsmen , 67-54, on 
Tuesday night. 

The Triton victory, however, was not 
as impressive as it could have been. 
UCSD showed intense hustle on defense 
and took full advantage of its 
rebounding mength , but failed to make 
the easy baskets on turnovers and fast-
break opponunities while shooting only 
41 % from the field in the first half. 

But the second half of the game was 
no comest. Cal Lutheran was definitely 
outmatched. "They are not as good of a 
team as we are ," commented Marshall . 
The Tritons' height , strength and speed 
see med to intimidate the Kingsmen on 
offense. In the face of players like Mike 
Dabasinskas and Brandon Nixon, the 
Cal Lutheran players refused to shoot 
when wide open. 

The game staned slowly, as both 
reams stayed fairly close together until 

With 8:04 left in the game, UCSD 
held a commanding 20-point lead , and 
the outcome was sealed. All of the 
Tritons had productive individual 
performances. They also had good help 
off the bench from senior guard Randy 
Bennett and from Andy Jedynak , whom 
Marshall describes as "a potentially 
brilliant up-and-coming freshman ." 

T he game itsell , especially in the 
second half, was less than thrilling. Even 
Marshall admitted, "The game was one 
of the most boring we've played." 

# Tom Marshall is loohingfor excitemenl 
in Friday's game against So. Cal College. 

The Tritons are headed for some 
tough and presumably more exciting 
contests, such as the game this Friday 
against Southern California College. A 
victory in this match-up could prove to 
be vital for the Tritons' chances for a 
playoff invitation. If! 

I c. :Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Eight week study involves daily application of 
lotion to SKin and monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteen are paid $50.00 for participation. 

If interested 
caU 452-4955 or 452-6847 

and leave your name and phone number. 

It's The 
66Cool" Place 

To Bel 
Meet friends and make friends 
Ice Skating 
Celebrate after the Game -
Celebrate any occasslon - With 
your group at special low rates 
Time available dally and late nights 
Phone for reservations 

University Towne Centre 
452-9110 
,-------_._. __ .. _._--, 
I YOU AND A DATE I 
I 2 for 1 I I I I "d.l .. 2-P." for I : 
: VAUD UN1'a. z... : 
• Present coupon for admilSlon I L _________________ ••• , 

PUBLIC ICE SKATtNG EVERYDAY. 
VISA OR MASTERCARD ACCEPTED. 

Thunday, Jan . J J, J 985 13 

Sports Slab 
Friday, February 1 

Men's basketball vs. outhern Cal College, at Costa Mesa, 7 :30 
pm. 
Men's and women's swim vs. TBA, at home , 3 pm. 
Women's tennis vs. UC Riverside , at home , 2 pm. 
Men's volleyball vs. Alumni , at home, 7:30 pm. 

Saturday, February 2 
Men's baseball vs. Alumni, at home, 1 pm. 
Women's basketball at CSC San Bernardino, 7:30 pm. 
Men's and women's fencing vs. Cal Tech, at Pasadena, 1 pm. 
Men's and women's swim vs. Claremont and Pomona-Pitzer, 
at Claremont, 7:30 pm. 
Women's tennis vs_ CSC San Bernardino, at home, 7:30 pm. 
Men's volleyball vs. Jugadores, at home, 7:30 pm. 

Monday, February 4 
Women's softball vs. USIU, at home, 2 pm . 

Monday-Tuesday, February 4-5 
Men's and women's golf vs. USIU , at Bonsall , all day. 

Tuesday, February 5 
Men's baseball vs. Point lorna Nazarene College, at home, 2 
pm. 
Men's basketball at Westmont, 7:30 pm. 

Thursday, February 7 
Men's baseball at Point lorna Nazarene College, 2 pm. 

Friday, February 8 
Men's and women's golf vs. Whittier College, at Friendly 
Hills, 1 pm. 
Women's softball vs. Southwestern College, at home , 2 pm. 
Women's swim vs. USD & Northern Arizona, at USD, 3 pm. 
Women's tennis at Pomona-Pitzer, 2 pm. 
Men's volleyball vs. San Diego State, at home, 7:30 pm. 

ilr 

THIS PUCK'S FOR HUGH 

As the winter winds whip a<:ross UCSD, the Miller Ute Tearnoflhe Week award 
focuses on a nuly winter span-hockey. Playing wilh Ihe Miller poster girl pasted 
to the wall at their backs and a cooler brimming over wilh Lile in their goal, This 
Puck's for Huah look to the Door againstthe #1 ranked team. Captain Glenn Lucey 
opened up Ihe scoring mid-way through the second period and Brenl Ealon 
capped II off with a nifl)' move early in the third. The team, as their name indicates, 
is dedicared to injured goalie Hugh O'Donnell, who plays on in the uue spirit of 
competition. As Lucey says, "ii's nOl whether you win or lose, it's what beer you 
drink afler the game'" 

.. 



' -

HELP WANTED-SUMMER CAMP 

GOLD ARROW CAMP, located on Huntington 
Lake in lhe High Sierra of untral Cahfornla, 
IS looking for quahfied people to fill a vane!)' of 
positions, induding: MALE & FEMALE 
INSTRUCTORS in Ihe following fidds: Sailing, 
Windsurfing, Canoeing, Kayaklng, fishing, 
Speedboat Drivers, Archery, Backpacking. Rock 
Climbmg, Riflery, Trapshooting and Pistol. 
Horseback Riding, Photogmphy. Crafls (POIter's 
Whee.Is). Wildlife & Ecology. Also. MALE & 
FEMALE CABIN COUNSELORS and Laundry. 
persons. We will mtervlew all Interested 
applicants ON CAMPUS on WEDNESDAY. 
FEBRUARY 6. Please COntact the STUDENT 
EMPLOYMENT CENTER for apphcallons and an 
interview appointment PlEASE BRING THE 
COMPLETED APPUCATION WITH YOU. Dates 
of employment are July 1 Ihrough Augusl 31 . 

~GOLD-A""OW-CAMP--

• - - - - _ \I!I1TH THIS AD _____ , 

I ~ t)/ 21 I 
: c< lie .;I0gu rl ,/l,lfa ir I 
I frozen: 
: 'logurt creations I 
I I 
: ~ ;-~ 2 tor 1 :. 
I ' _./ J. Buy one smell scrvtng 
I and get one FREEl 

• I 
I - 1M ALSO HONOR AlL _ 
I YOGJRT PARlOR COUPONS 
I 
I 10~ Torrey Pines Rd. 1774 GIImet A~ 
I at Herschel P~ific Beach 
I lIJ Jolla 483-5.a3 L 454-4869 &pires Feb. 5, 1985 

- - - -ONE PER CUST~R- - - -

You CAN Know 
Your Major! 

A Multl-Dlmenslonal 
Testing Program 
INDMDUALIZED 

FOR YOU 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ leARNiNG 
~ CeNTeR 

The invitation just said black tie. 
Thanks to your friends, 

you also wore a jacket and pants. 

When none other than the Dean invites you to 
a black tie reception, what do you do? Start borrow-
ing: a jacket here (40 regular), a pair of pants there, 
and before you know it, you're looking pretty sharp. 

And when your formal party is .~ . 
over, there 's another one you should \OO ~. 
arrange. Making sure that each 
contributor to your wi:lrdrobe gets 
what he deserves in the fonn of a 
Lbw nbrau. 

After all, isn't (t ny friend 
worth a cummerbund, worth 
one of the world ' fine t bottles 

_ .... roiiJoI.ooIIIIo...... of beer? 
Lowenbmu.Here's to good friends. 

Racquetball coming up 

1M Tennis 
Open 
doubles-up 
By JAY R. RICHARDS 
All-Campus Tennis Doubles Tournament 

A wide number of students braved the 
elements last weekend in the annual 
Doubles Tournament, sponsored by 
Intramural Spons. The tournament was 
broken down into three divisions-
men's open, men's intennediate, and 
mixed open. 

In the mixed competition , the team of 
Anne Schwanz and Jim lin breezed 
through the draw for an easy victory. In 
four matches, Schwartz and Lin lost only 
one set en route to the most one-sided 
victories of the tournament, beating Billy 
Arenas and Pevaga cott 6-2, 6-0 in the 
finals. Schwanz was no stranger to the 
winner's crown, having won the singles 
tournament in the fall with the same 
minimum of competition. She played for 
four years at Danmouth before coming 
to UCSD as a graduate student this fall . 
She staned playing with her panner" im 
Lin , late this year. Both players plan on 
competing again next year, although 
they would like to play in the men's 
division for more competitlon. 

The men's intennediate division 
proved to be much more competitive. 
The eventual winners, Eric Alikpala and 
Eric Olender, had to scrap their way 
through three consecutive three-set 
matches. prevailing over rain delays, 
fatigue and the gutsy team of Marc 
Burckin and Jules Jomsky in a final 
score of 6-3, 4·6, 7·6 (7-3 in the 
tiebreaker). Arriving at the couns at 11 
am, the two players did not head home 
until well after dark, climaxing the 
tournament with the day's most eXCiting 
match . Fatigue was a factor , claimed 
Alikpala, who badly wanted to Win the 
finals in the second set after wmning 
the first , 6-3. He noted that with more 
time to rest, the team of Burckin and 
Jomsky kept fighting back, never giving 
up. Even in the third set, down 5-1. the 
surprising finalists scrapped for every 
point, eventually evening the score at 6-
6 and forrin ~ .he dramatic tiebreaker 
"Their game ~as JUSt on In the 
tiebreaker," remarked Burckin , a Muir 
freshman. He and Jon sky, also a 
freshman, met durinb r (' fall and have 
been playi ng together uil add on for the 
past few months. 

In the men's open division . the crown 
was taken by Marc Dauber and Dean 
tackel. Dauber, a junior from 

Westwood , and Stackel , a New Yorker, 
pulled ofT the upset of the tournament, 
beating highly seeded Dave Taber and 
Tom Savides. 6·3, 4·6, 7·6. Down 2·0 in 
the third set before the couns were 
beseiged by a 27·minule rain dela y, 
Dauber and tackel used an aggressive 
volley game to fight back and take the 
decisive set. 7-0. winning the exciting 
tiehreaker 7 -5. Dauber claimed that loyal 
fan suppon was the key intangible in 
the victory. He also claimed that tackcl 
helped keep the team together dUring 
the tough rimes. Both 1 aber and avides 
look forward to a rematch 
All-Campus Racquetball Toumament 

This arurday and unda)', Feb. 2·3, 
the annual Intramural Racquetball 
Tournament will he held at the 
Canyonvlew Ra quetball Faciltty 
DiVISIOns W Ill include me n's open. men's 
Imennediatc . women's open and 
women's intermedlare. Slgn·ups arc n Oli 
gOi ng on al the C.myo nview Offj cc~. 
located nc ,t to the outd oor pool IW 

Congratulations to UMBO SlAM for 
wiming this ~a(s Battle of ~ Bandsl 

R~1e College wishes you luck In the 
futurel 12/41 

The Milton H. Erickson Institute 
arlI'1OUlCeS ~ San Oiego Confetet ICe 
on H)<pnotic: and Strategic InterYentIons 
Februal}' 8-10,1985. For Information call 
16191 295-1010. 12/71 

Menstrual pain7 Cramps, nausea, 
abdominal pain, etc. Partidpants.needed 
for a research study. 481-6181. 12/71 

Ayn RCWld Readers and students of 
DqectMsm meeting f!Very Sunday, II 
am-2 pm. Home Sa\iingsof America, 4311 
La Jolla VIllage Drive, lXWersity TOIMle 
Centre. 13/141 

Muir College is now accepting 
applications from academical~ qualified 
students to assist with freshman 
orie1tation and registration during 
..1Jne. Obtain a job referral at Stuclent 

~ and bring ittothe~t's 
OI'Iice 2126 HSS. Deadline: 2/8/85. 
12/71 

Intrrested In Judging high school girls 
gymnastics? 1985's season training 
begins early Feb. For info call Robin 265-
1240 or Kathy 276-8115. (2/4/ 
Problems in Deutsch7 Here's helpl 
German, private or group, from 
experienced na~ speaker. Grarrmar & 
~tion, special rates for students. 
cal nna 481-0100 after 5. 11/31/ 

THE R.Y! THE RY!THE FlY! THE RY! FrI. 
8 and 10 pm; usa 2722. 51.75. 11/311 

Daughters of lesbian or straight divorced 
and remarried mothers needed for 
l'I!Search study. Please caN .JuNe SdlINartz 
459-2100. (2/14/ 
RISC pteSerltS t'M) ski weekerlds this qu. 
Feb. 15-18 at Squaw, and Mar. 2-3 at 
Mammoth. SIgn up at rec: of'flces on door. 
More info about trips on Revelle Plaza. 
.Jackson Hole Info also IN. Call )14037. 
11/311 

See The Fly, Fri. 8 and 10 pm. ndcets are 
available now at the Student Center or 
1/2 hr. before showing. (1/311 
J:)in us for Chinese Oldnawan Karate 
Classes at ~ La Jolla Rec Center, 615 
Prospect. La Jolla, Mon. & Wed. 7:» 
9:00. or call 753-9292 before Feb. I for 
details on our special Introc1Jctory otrer. 
(1/31/ 
See ~ classic sd-fi/hOrror film, The F~. 
Fri ., Feb. I. USB 2722, 8 and 10 pm. $1.75. 
(1/31/ 

Ski .Jadcson Hole Wym. during Spring 
break. Mal. 23-30.5287 inc. transp., dlxe 
condos, 5-day lift tkts., dances, parties. 
eIrelts, and refreshments en route. 
T1dcets go on sale Mon. Feb. 4 . Buy now. 
(1/31/ 
VIolin. viola, prep for 32 or Just for fun. 
Inc:fMdUII or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (6/61 
Don't rriss out on ~ event of ~ yearl 
Warren Whale Watch Feb. 9th 11:00 a.m. 
S5 at LEO Box 0fI'Ice. (2/4/ 
R~11e College IrWUId like to thank an 
~ bands who partldpated in this ~ar's 
Battle of ~ Bands. Keep an f!ye out for 
AnImal CiJIe, The Fan Club, Umbo Siam, 

N~ Beat The PInstripes, The Sea 
Hags, and The Standards. (1/311 

klID!!11111 
CRUISESHIPS HIRING. 516-530.0001 

C~ HaINaii. World. Call for 
Guide. DreclDI}', NerlNsletter. 1-916-
944 4444 x UCSDCRUISE. (1/31/ 
Amateur models needed for rnodeUng 
sI'lcMI in production . .Send photos and 

~ Intb to: S666 La Jolla BM1., 
SUite 128. La Jolla. CA 92037. (2/14/ 
Mk1g co. seeks Indiv. to work 1-2 

appIytng for 
CR!d1t CIItts. Earn 5»S60/day. Cal 1-

800-93~528. 12/4/ 

AIRLINES HIRING, 514-539,0001 
Stewa rdesses. Res erva tl oni s tI 
~ Cal for Guide, Directory, 

~. 1-916-944 4444 xUCSO'\IR. 
11/311 

illlllMWlll1 
2 bikes for salel Motobecane 12-speed, 
23-1/2" 5125 and Raleigh l().speed 23" 
fral1'le 575. N excellent con. Tei. 4~ 
1248. (1/311 
1973 V'I1I Citia-In perfect mnd. Rblt 
eng. new radials, xll'lt interior. No rust. 
dents. 0( SCIatd e. S2900/offer. 481-
2494·12/4/ 

~. AMP CaMn, 135 
watts with Bass R Treble Boosts, 51SO; 

~GUITAR CABINET \XII1der 
6-10 Inch with speakers 5150; cal Mille 
294-8076 e'\IImIngs. 12/7/ 

UB 40 TICKETS FOR SALEI 6th & 7th 
ROWS ROOR. DEAD CENTER. 520 
each. QI Keith 43tHK)41. /1/311 
1976 V'I1I Rabbit Good condition. 51700. 
Cal 0vIs ~t 4~9805. 11/311 

1972 VoM> I44E. One OINI'ler. Looks and 
runs great. Many extras. 51900 abo. 
Must sell. 27CHI67 Nes. (1/31/ 
Great skis for salell984 ~mic VR27-
Gs w/Marker MRR's-5180. Access to 
racer's stDCk PRE, Research Ojnamics all 
for great low .,nee. Cal ChrIstian at 
453-4372. 12/4) 
Teleliideo TPC I portable computer. 
W /CPM 2.2. QraPtla, \IIIOI'd proc. 
padCage. All for flo95. 278-2682. (2/11/ 
Vt1I Sdrocco. 1977 tan, 77,000 miles, 4 
speed, stereo. 53000 or best o~r. Call 
452-2465 or 755-7602. (1/31/ 

Smart Terminal: Esprit 6310. 5559. I()()% 
Hayes compat. 1200 baud modem w/ 
cable, 5440. In stock I ~ items 
together can communicate with 
UCSOCc. Sole Source Systems 278-

. 2682. (2/11/ 
Stereo, 2 ~ars old, Technics receiver SA-
203. Technics automatic tumtable Sl-
8202 tINO AR 3BS speakers. 54 50 or best 
offer. Call 452-2465 (INOrk/or 755-7602 
(horne/. (1/311 
U2 tickets 4 March 5 in LA. Floor and 
excellent loge seats. Start at S50. Call 
453-8709 anytime. (1/311 

2 females wanted~ach to ha\,le own 
rm & bath In beautiful La Jolla I'lon'le on 
Mt. Soledad. Pool. jacuzzi, views. 
53SO/mo. ~ msg for Anne at 454-
6185. (1/311 
Roommate wanted, UC area, own 
room, quiet household, male or female. 
5230/mo. 1/3 util. Sharon 587-1672. 
11/31/ 

Roonvnate wanted~"""" room in Mira 
Mesa condo. 5215 mo. & 1/4 util. call 
"695--9245 for more Info. (1131/ 
Room & board in e.lCCharlge for part-time 
house\M)rk & child care. 755-5825. Nice 
house in Solana Beach. (1/31/ 
Roommate wanted. Share large 
Encinitas house. 5210 & 1/5 util. Good 
location. 436-4260 or 259-8981. /1/31/ 

2 non-srnokIng fMl. roommates wanted 
to share new 2br/2batt1 La Jolla Colony 
condo w/2 others. 5225/mo & 1/4 util. 
each. cau Shaman 442-8598. (1/311 
Roommate wanted to ~ with 2 med 
students. P9oI, jacuzzi. washer-dryer. 
Near UTC, S267, 457-0548. 11/311 

Female roommate to share room in 
~ndo. 5 min. walk to school. 
S2OCYmonth. Pool & jacuzzi. Uz 45(}-
9052.11/41 

we need a roommatel Nonsmoking. 
responsible, f\.n fernaje. we hiM a great 
condo with all ~ trimmings; pool, 
jacuzzi. fireplace, mi~, garage. 2 
miles from UCSO. Share /g. master 5230 
& 1/4 uti!. 452-7372. (1/311 
House In Del Mar. Female to share room. 
1/5 uU. near beach, bath tub. fireplace. 
259-8835. (2/4/ 

lWING,I\roRO PROCESSING-For all 
}<>ur typing needs cal Barbara at iS4-
7624. Rushjobs accepted. (1/3" 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast ~rvice. 
51. SO/page. I pickup & deItver. IVldy 
Laurence 279-8056. (3/14/ 
Super Typing. Spelling corrected . 
Accurate and high-quaNty. Same-day 
~rvlce. 16 yrs. expo Near lX:SO. Call Fery 
452-1393. (1/311 

Thursday , Jan . 31 . 1985 15 

Cars for rent SIS per day, SS5 per week . 
Unlimited free mileage. Del Mar 7SS-
3201. (1/311 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typipgl 
Spell ing correct-Rush jobS 
sp«iah¥/FJexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842. (2/7/ 
Edting: Pro~sional copyediting b' 
term papers. reports, etc. Special student 
rates. Call 299-6345. 12/71 

Having a party? Need a OJ? AINeSO(I'1e 
sound systern. 575-5100. Equipment 
rentals also. Call John 453-0640. 12/4/ 

He-I-I-Ip mel "The Fly" starring Vincent 
Price is comi Friday to USB 2722 at 8 
and 10 pm. (r:J31/ 
INSURANCE WARI We'll beat any price 
or VIle don't want)OUr business. Tidcets, 
accidents, sports cars. good 
driver/student discounts: al welcome. 
Call 286-1135. Request UCSO PlAN. 
(3/141 
Join fellow RISC memb., UCR, UCSC, 
UCSB & Stanford for one of the most 
~ical ~ of )Our N~. Iadcson Hole, 
\XIym. is this yrs. Spring AU-Cal 
destination. Just 5297 & -RfSC memb. 
TIdcets on sale Feb. 4 at Box Off. 11/31/ 

THE A. Y! THE R VI THE R vr THE R VI 
Friday B and 10 pm, USB 2n2. 11/31/ 

Congratsl To ~ wonderful and 
fantastic ZBT Brothers of Beta dassI from 
}<>ur Uttle Sis~rs. (1/31) 
Hurry" Tickets are selling fast for ~ 
Warren IJIIhaIe Watchl Feb. 9th 11:00 
a.m. 55 at Box 0f'IIce. 12/4/ 

DG Dawn-Welcome abOard Nttle 
sisterl The fun has just begunll..cNe, Your 
big sisl :J,Jem. (1/31/ 
PUTZ. Happy 21st Birthday to a ~at 

roomma~. Keep that helmet on all 
Vtrftkend. 1..cNe, Cath. 11/31/ 

lost a maroon wallet and checktIook. If 
found please cal Linda at 4~9240. 
(2/211 
Found: TIM) male dalamations In the 
Peterson Hall parking lot on 1/24/85. 

Plea~ cal 481-96/7 ex 452-3673. I1/31! 

Lost-Grey wool ~atrr, V-neck with 
no label on Friday, 1/18 at 10 am in front 
of ~ Rathskeller. Please cal 453-4339 
or bring to MOM. Reward. Great 
sentimental value. 12/4' 

lost: Double Ii'lk, trkDlor I:lIaceIet 
Interesting reward. Ca' 458-1034 or 
4~9209. (2/71 
Stofen: Reward SS for any Info reo stt*n 
Murray 12 speed Mtn. Bike tromAPM FrI. 
nitro No questions asked. Cal Rob 457-
5393. (1/31/ 
Lost I.D.s at !he T.G. on Jan. 25. 
Enclosed in plastic ~ with OCher 
photos of sentimental value. Please cal 
Chris or Cyndi at 942-5813, Thanksl 



Thursda\ ,jan 31 , 1985 
" '~:'~~""%".~" ... -.,;'_......... x "''':'= ..:,. ..... : .. :..:t ,,"::-"\x'~ ... 

The room i dark, but filled with 
people The I have been waiting for 
a long tlme, but the mood on their 
fa es IS one of great expectation 
and e Cllement. All of them are 
aware that they are about to stand 
in the presence of grearne s. For 
moments like the e, they would 
wait a lifetime. 

As a hush comes over the crowd, 
the doors at the back of the room 
open. A powerful, resonant vOIce 
booms out of the entrance 
way ... ~·Give me a light! " 

Instantaneously, the room is 
awash In a rainbow of color. 
Aoodhghts come on and swirl 
ribbons oflight all around the room 
finall comlOg to rest in the 
doorway at the back. In it stands a 
roly-poly sprite of a man that looks 
only too famlhar. His voice booms 
out again .. ":-';0, no you fools ... give 
me a Bud Light!" 

omeone pops an Ice- old Silver 
can and Immediately thru ts it mto 
the hand of the little man. The man 
bellows a big Sigh of relief and 
proceeds to waddl down the aisle 
to the head of the room . 

All eyes are nveted on the funny 
looking guy 10 the blue cape And 
as he walks, the smtles on the faces 
in the crowd begin to light up the 
room hke a Chn tmas tree 

As he tumbles around behmd 
the podium In hiS effon to get 
comfonable, another breathless 
hush falls over the audience. 
Finally the little man speaks. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, I am 
honored by thiS outstanding 
turnout tonight. I had no idea that 
you felt this strongly about my 
return to campus. I apologize for 
my [WO month absence from 
UCSD, but I can assure you .. .it will 
never happen again. I am back for 
good to grace your wonderful 
campus with my infallible 
knowledge of Intramural Spons. 

"While I have been away, it has 
come to my attention that our good 
paper , The Guardian has 
acquiesced to an imposter in its 
past feweditlons. Some clown who 
calls himself JR-Superboob has 
fumvely tried to analyze. rate and 
prognostlcate the results of your 1M 
basketball games this season. 

"Let m assure you my 
friends .. his opinions have little In 
the way of SCientific substance HIS 
research IS hallow and without 
depth. And above all hiS mind IS 
warped from toO much sex and 
hard alcohol 

"I, and only I, have been able to 
successfully chart the course of 
your basketball futures . my 
fabulous CT 3200 super computer 
has carefully digested thousands of 
pieces of slgntflcant data about 
UCSD 1M Basketball. And I am here 
tontght to blow our friend JR 
Superboob out of his very own 
bathtub. 

"The final results of my first 
POWER POLL will be released 
here. They take lOto account 
anything and everything that could 
possibly be considered relevant 
and significant ... team size , won-
lost record , victory margins, 
strength of leagues and schedules, 
offensive and defensive strengths 
and weaknesses, past history of 
success at UCSD, and of course, 
post-game attitude coefficients. 

"My official POWER POLL has 
been deSigned to put to rest the 
trivial Top Ten polls of years past. 
This is the fmest and most 
comprehensive hst ever developed 
at the Big U. We have over 200 
basketball teams playing at UCSD 
this season. These are the best 10.1 
have spoken" 

YOU o 
G I 0 

••• HI 
U! 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 

'.0 
A 
I 
'1-. 

e GEOFGE I Ow", 

I'OWI?'P RAT/NO: 

PrltlS on NeUfftBy " 
M.tt t;p 11ft n 
[. rlton 'tlltrl 
trurlt .,.l In. 
( .. ro 0) ru! de q\"lt:-s 

Co.,.." ThClmp'500 O"ot,_: 

....... 

. .. : ..... 

lhPse guy" from the 
I'1prj School iiI'". out to 
1 t!' ~ another run At 
t ht." AAA tit 1. Thf!l'Y 

+lnl~hf'd ':nd 1n 84. 

N~umayr ~lght bp t~. 
v~,..y u •• t play.,.. In 
I Ms but one QUy c.n t 
do 1 t .11 . 

COI'II'IE.;l5 

cn",,,! NTS 

2 5'10' ELFSS BUDS 

1 (1 

Pt. Per 6."'.1 84.:=; 
S. pd StrenQthl A 
trot W. n St ...... ~: 12 
2-V •• ,... Record: 12 0 

POWER RAT! NGI '14.87 

STARTING LINE· UP 

O.n W.l t.rs 
O.v. V •• ll 
M.tt LUmsden 
John Eturda 
Bob Arnutll 

COMr1ENlb 

BiQQ •• t t •• M 1" ~-10 
In ~or. w.Y~ than one 

All It". st.rt.,... ar. 
~-10 and ""'at paclt i" 
the lb. a •• G. Pene-
~,...tor Lu .. den and 
scor.,.. V •• t 1 and 
W.lt ........ ~. tnt. 

~ ••• n.arlv unb •• t-
bl •• 

Capt Walte,..s Duoter We should have played AAA with thl. t •• ,.. 
Ther. ' . nothIng down he,... that can tOllch 

70.') 
A-

87.7] 

POIo/LR RATIN'3' 

S TARTING I. 1 "l Ur-

Pau J n •• IIIUSc:.IP" 
JCil)f Rrugman 
Stf!'V£' Pull,.nG 
, lftl ~(ott 
John Srl 1no::('11 

8:5.:54 

Capt Stayart Duo .~ 



· , 

An Arts Magazine Serving the UCSD Community 

Vol. 8, No.4 January 31, 1985 



Ediror 
ANDRE\V KEELER 

Associate Editor 
C HRl ' Y l UNG 

Contributing Editors 
En h"d4 fEl::ll !:iT. JUAN 
FORSBERG. Ru A HU. 

JAfotE:3 RALPH i Ai I 
Staff 

MIKE ,\HN. RODDY 
B0lif l ~ A. ANDREA 

HARML)f\.. KRI ' TlN KALA, 
KARE KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC,luH NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL S rA rER, 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 452·3466 
A.dvertilin" 452.3468 

HWlu> IS published "wry 
Thursday of t h ~ academiC year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUAR DIAN. Reprodu( t-ion 
o r uSc Without wrl[ten 
permission oi any portion 01 
thiS maga:m ... IS a no-no. We 
","'come unsoliCi ted letters, 
manuscripts, ,mJ artwork. bur 
assum<: no responsi bility for 
the rt"turn of such. ScnJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016. u, jo/l". CA. 9209j 

2 Hiatus Jan. 31 , 1985 

Contents 
Cover: Once again the 
Festival of Animation 
returns to La Jolla. From old 
time favorites like Gumby to 
the latest innovative works 
in animation. See page 7. 

'PaI8aKe' . . . .. .... . pale 3 
Director David Lean may 

have created a masterpiece in 
Passage to India, an inspiring 
representation of social and 
political conflict. 

Beat Farm. . . . . . . .. pale 4 
Local group The Beat 

Farmers are rocking the music 
scene with their debut album 
Tales of the New W est, bound 
for glory. 

Battle of the Bands •.• page 2 
Artist Insisht ••• pase 5 
Music Note .•• pale 6 
GoinS8 On •.• pase 7 

DlAECTEO OY WAlT JONES 

FEORUAAY 7-10, 14-17 
8 PM /7 PM SUNDAY 
$5 - $8 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER 
FOR THE 
PERFOPJv\ING MTS 

a lush world. . . 
bursting with energy and fire. 

Presented by San Diego Arts Foundation 
Tickets $10 $16 $28 

Charge by phone 235·9500 

• • 

also available at the Spreckels Theater Box Office 
and at all Ticketron outiets 

February 8 & 9 at 8:00 p.m. 
February 10 at 2:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. 

Veteran director David Lean hal 
crafted a film which easily Itands 
among the beat of the year, if not the 
best. With ambition worthy of his 
prior wonder Lawrence of Arabia, as 
weD as solid, superb acting and a 
quiet examination of political and 
social conac~nce, Lean's A Passage 
ro India, from the novel by E.M. 
Forster is indeed the culmination of 
his long, honor· filled career of 
excellence in filmic achievement. 

A Passage to India is a tale of two 
cultures: one, that of early twentieth 
century England, thrust upon the 
other; that of India. These 
conflicting cultures are approached 
from two directions-politically and 
socially. The political aspect is the 
easy one to grasp in the fUm, since it 
haa been dealt with many times in 
other works, and is a familiar topic. 
The social aspect, however. is much 
more subtle, under the careful 
guidance of Lean. It is this delicate 
exploration of the social 
ramifications which make A Passage 
to India a work of brilliance. 

The English have infiltrated India. 
and are tolerated by the Indians for 
reasons that are never mentioned. 
But rather than learn the culture and 
work to preserve it, the English have 
built modem suburbs and elite clubs 
in the midst of the Indian poverty, 
and have erected fences, physical and 
social, which are meant to keep the 
Indians out. The English cars on the 
dusty streeta of the crowded city 
careleaaly trample Indian peasants, 
just as their disregard for the Indiana 
as humans haa trampled the Indian 
culture. 

But the English have not scratched 
the surface of "What is India?" Lean 
is careful to indicate to the audience 
that the essence ofIndia is something 
that his petty English characters will 
never touch, nor understand. 

This can be seen in the gentle 
wind, which at key moments, 
willfully stirs leaves on the ground, 
rustles branches, and opens curtains 
in • way which suggests the 
supernatural, as of a restless spirit in 
the night, protesting, quietly. 

It can be seen in the mystic faces 
which the camera focuses on 
occasionally. and seemingly for no 
purpose: ancient Indian sculpture; 
figures dancing, living, loving, 
enduring, with no regard for their 
surroundings or for who passes by. 

''There are crocsin the river," says 
Dr. Ali%, an Indian phYSician played 
by Victor Banerjee, as he speaks of 
India with an Englishwoman, Mrs. 
Moore, pla~ by Peggy Ashcroft. 
Aziz tella of how he has seen dead 
bodies floating by. in the moonlit 
river, but this is rare, since the 
crocodiles silently snap them up, 
before they come within sight of the 
city. This is meant as a gift for the 
viewer; a quiet, subtle for.eboding of 
events to come, when quiescent 
India arises to shake off the English 
yoke. The crocodiles lurk just 
beyond vision, awaiting an 
opportunity . 

Lean, through several particular 

25 Off 
ON josrrNs Cow Cou£GrRINCS. 

The 
rights of 
tPassage' 
By KENNETH FURIE 

,. L 

Judy DcaN and Victo Banerjee find tltenuel.a roxed!er in India in 1928 in DaWi Lean's new film "A PCIUCIge Co India." 

motifs which recur throughout the 
film, shows the subtle dynamics of 
the social situation, and gives 
foreshadOWing hints as to where this 
blatant disregard wiD lead. 

His motifs are nature~linked. since 
the situation dealt with and the 
arguments realized are not simply 
directed at one particular time (as 
evidenced by the omission of a date 
normally given at the opening of 
such a film as this). nor are they 
directed at any particular society. 
His motifs are nature~linked because 
his comments are aimed at human 
nature in general. 

Rain is, perhaps, a motif which is 
most easily identified as a symbol. 
The film begins with rain, and ends 
with rain, and most of the important 
scenes reach their climax with rain 
(and water), lurking on the edge of 

See your 
Josten representative. 

february 4,5,6 
10 am-2 pm 

University Bookstore 

~. [~ll 

awareness, tapping on windows in 
the background. Rain, in Passage, is 
purity; wholly cleansing, unflawed; 
the essence of life and honesty. No 
man (character) can cling to his 
personal lies in such a rain. The 
English, therefore, who lie to 
themselves about humanity, about 
what "civilized" means to a culture 
and a society, seek refuge from the 
rain under the second motif-
umbrellas. 

This assertion is demonstrated 
dramatically in one scene where the 
Indians, having won a court battle 
against the English (and therefore a 

. moral victory as well) celebrate in 
the streetS, singing and dancing in the 
pouring rain. The English, however, 
shamble away from the courtroom, 
scurrying about under their 
umbrellas , shamefully seekin~ 

shelter. It is only the oppressive 
English who are shown in such a 
manner, while our English hero, 
Professor Fielding, who is 
sympathetic with the Indian cause, is 
drenched, although not participating 
in the Indian celebration. 

Thunder is a third motif, rumbling 
on the edge of hearing, hinting at 
future violence, of events beyond the 
power of the controlling English. 
Thunder booms at the edges of 
conciousness, almost deafening 
those characters who have begun to 
face themselves and address the 
actions of their societv. 

Lean's A Passage to Ind ia may 
perhaps be known in future times as 
a materpiece. although this type of 
prediction is dangerous. But 
whatever its destiny, A Passage to 
India is definitely a must see. 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would li ke to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair styli sts. 

Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg. 25 
Men S10, reg. $19 
For al>llOtntmcnl. please call 457-2930. 
893U \ ' llIa La Jolla IJr .. :'Ulle nm. La Jolla 
(behind 1':1 I'onto ,,\: l<oot'O · dlll'l:ll~ acro,,~ the ramp) .. 

Jan . 31. 1985 Hianu 3 



Records 

You don't get much lllore Western 
or rockin' than the Beat Farmers 

b) RICh P<C]ah 
Bil Bad Boinio. Danny 
Elfman, the lead singer of the 
uproarious Oingo Boingo, lead 
his band through an 
exhilarating show at the Gym 
on Saturday. Dancing and-
sweating were the rule for the 
sold.-out crowd. Lots of rock 
and roll and slam dancing. 
Bruises were had by all . 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 

Tales of the New West 
The Beat Farmers 
Rhino 

The Beat Farmers' debut album 
may not be as uproariously 
successful as their live show-which 
Country Dick Montana, in a lu.cid 
moment, might describe as "God on 
stage"-but then, what is? 

[t should be satisfying enough that 
Tales of the New West lassoes a great 
deal of the wide-ranging sound of the 
group critic Mikal Gilmore has 
called "one ofthe ten greatest rock n' 
roll bands in the world." (Yes, he 
was serious, pretty much, and, even 
more important, he was right.) 
Classic versions of the Velvet 
Underground's "There She Goes 
Again"-the enclosed liner notes 

---------....:-Ianuary 11 & 12----:_------DEARLIARX~ 
MANDEVILLE cP-L 8 pm $4.00 

-------January 30-February 2 at 8 pm-------
February 8 & 9 at 8:30 pm 

TENNESSEE WILLIAMS ONE,ACTS 
"This Property is Condemned" and 

"Talk to Me Like the Rain and 
Let Me Listen •.. " 

STUDIO THEA TRE. Building 409 $2.00 

---------February 13 & March 11--------
NEW PLAY READINGS 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 5:00 prr. Free 

---------February 6-10 & 14-17---------
THE POSSESSED-a new adaptation 

of Dostoyewky's nm.oel 
8 pm/7 pm Sunday $5.00-$8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

-----------March 1 & 2----------
NECROPOLlS-Perfarmance An 
MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 8 pm 

$3.00 ( tudents free at door on space-aooilable basts) 
--------March 5, 7,9, 13, 15, & 17 --------

GRADUATE REPERTORY 
SHACHIAPANG: A Work in Progress 

-and-
March 6, 8, 10, 12. 14. & 16 

FROZEN ASSETS by HatTie Keeffe 
8 pm/7 pm Sunday $5 .00 each/two for $8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

---------March 14 at 1:00 pm---------
March 15 & 16 (Time TBA) 

HAMLET Project. DiTected by Eric Chrutmas. 
UCSD Theatre Free 

---------Mid-March (TBA)---------
GRADUATE DESIGN EXHIBIT 

MANDEVILLE EAST ROOM (Across fram Audiwrium) Free 
CALL 452-4574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 

Tickets a..wlable at Wei.u Center Ticlcet Office 
and Uni~.it, Et.tenu Box Office. 

4 Hiatus Jan. 31, 1985 

(aka the "1985 Beat Farmers 
Almanac") describe it as "Lou Reed 
sitting in with the Byrds"-and 
Bruce Springsteen's " Re"son to 
Believe" (with Jerry Raney reeling 
off vicious blues licks, you'd never 
guess who wrote it) compete with 
such killer originals as "Lonesome 
Hound" and "Lost Weekend," an 
instant classic itself with a painful 
but proud celebration of the wilder 
side of life. 

Buddy Blue's vocals are perhaps 
the best thing about a record filled 
with bests, adding a Western twang 
to the urban poetry of' (Goes Again" 
and just generally giving the __ 
impressiorf 'oi sOmeonewho really 
cares about what he's singing. More 
than anything, care is the hallmark of 
the Farmers, who aren't afraid to list 
their many influences (from Billie 
Holiday to Green Acres) and then do 
them justice. 

The Farmers, of course, also like 

to have fun, and nO one has more 
than Country Dick. He steps in front 
of his drum set on this album to 
"sing" the raunchy cowboy epic 
"California Kid" (written by local 
songster Paul Kamanski, who also 
contributed the saner "Bigger 
Stones") and the record-closing 
gross-out "Happy Boy" co-written 
by ex-tree Dane Conover). 
Unfortunately, Dick doesn't apply 
his dulcet tones to live favorites such 
as the hobo anthem "Big Rock 
Candy Mountain" and the local 
salute "Lakeside Trailer Park." 

T aleJ also featur06 a veritable 
ialaxy of semi·famous guest stars, 
including un lobo Steve Berlin (who 
co-produced the album and plays sax 
on one song), Rank and Filers Chip 
and Tony Kinman, Long Ryder Sid 
"I'm Not Roger McGuinn" Griffin 
and Vicki "Bangle" Peterson-not 
that they're needed, but it's the 
thought that counts. 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

4Vz( 
Self SeN ice Copies 

Mon .• Thurs. a am • a pm 
fri. a am • 6 pm 

Sat. 10 am ·5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon ·5 pm 

oi57-3775 
aa55 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralph •• 5a¥On) 

lHE FUTURECOPV PLACE 

Charles Collinp thinks it strange that the vast 
majority of our population works very hard for 11 
months out of the year, integrating their lifestyles 
intQttle complex world, only to spend huge amounts 
of money to escape from society to an isolated, more 
primitive world. The values of those native patadiscs 
are simple; uncomplicated by the lusts for material 
possessions which dominate the US. However, 
individuals who embody those values within ,he US 
are rejected by the same people who save all year to 
"get back to nature." 

Charles believes that life is essentially simple; that 
most people build up a facade of complexity in their 

ARTIST INSIGHT 

lives to give tbe ill,usion of importance. People build 
themselves a womb of materialistic comfort that 
lends meaning on a surface level. Charles graduated 
from UCSD in 1978 and entered into the business 
world as a stockbroker. But, he found he could not 
function in a world demanding premeditated 
prostitution. 

Charles has been using art as his method of self-

Take Off On A High Flying Career 
As A Flight Officer. 

expression for about a year, still searching for the 
medium and method that best suits the ideas which 
he wants to express. By rejecting social values, 
Charles has become one of the sOcial outcasts and he 
finds empathy in his artwork for other social 
outcasts, such as the retarded and the elderly. 

There is rhythm in all aspects of life and Charles is 
trying to find a way to express how the disconnected 
parts of our society fit into that rhythm. The simple, 
independent people are Charles' subjects; he tries to 
resolve the way in which their unconnected lives fit 
into the overall rhythm of existence. 

-By ell", Youn, 

Be part of the Navy aviation team - a Naval Right Officer. As a flight officer. you'll be responsible for controlling 
complex, on-board weapons and navigation systems on sophisticated Navy aircraft. As a flight officer, you'll be 
given advanced technical training. You'll gain early responsibility. And you'll have the chance for worldwide 
travel. 

«~ 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum BNBS degree (summer graduates may inquire). Applicants must be no more 
than 29 years old and have vision correctible to 20/20. Relocation required . Applicants must pa~s aptitude and 
physical examinations and qualify for security clearance. u.s. Citizenship required . 
BENEFITS: Excellent packagr includes 30 days' earned annual vacation , medicalldentaillow-cost life 
insurance coverage and other tax-free incentives. Dependent's benefits available. Promotion program included . 
PROCEDURE: Send resume to. or call Naval Management Programs. . 

NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT. BUILDING # 33' NAVAL TRAINING CENTER. 
SANDIEGO,CA. 91133, PHONE 193-6146 

---_Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. ___ ~ 

$19 95 $6 95 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDITIONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNiVEllSlTY TOWNE CENTEa 

"' ... 

Jan. 31,1985 ...... 5 



TONIGHT, January 31 9 pm 
An evening c:I unique and original Rock f, Roll 

5lve Illlt'\ Up 

DIRK DEBONAlRE, 
AND THE ELEC'I RIC SONS 

fea turing Joey Harris 

Friday. February I 9 pm 
The unofficial band 

Saturday. Feb. 2 9 pm 
Roc ki ng rhythm f, boogie blues 

THE c:I the San Diego Padres 

5ive lines up JAMES 

Sunday. February 3 (closed until 6 pm for repairs) 
6 pm • Rhythm f, Blues happy hour ...,;th 

THEP ..... ~.& 
9:30 pm-Music f, comedy...,;th 

BIRD AND 
McDONALD 
(formerly Texas Tuxedo ) 

Monday. Februa ry 4 9 pm 

Nostalgic Rock f, Roll ...,;th 

THE 
MAR 
DELS 

Tuesday. February 5 9 pm 
TIckets available at Belly Up f, TIcketmaster 

Direct from Jamaica 

EEK·A·MOUSE 
and guests BlACK SHEEP 

~ themes. domg a jamaICan reggae style known ~s Sing-jaY· (A 
andSccll ). One of ...ema".s top peffurmers and personalitJe5 Also 
Washington . Debased band that recentJ)' opened for Steel PUI:se 

Wednesday. Februa ry 6 9 pm 

Check out the new 

DIRK 
DE BONAIRE 

pm 
Queen of Zydeco 
QUEEN 
IDA 
AI'ID THE BON TEMPS 
Zl'DECO BAI'ID 
...,;th 9 '.Jests TALK BACK 
~ kia and her rolhckm9 band bring thclr sleamy 50undS 10 the Belly ~ The:rearea lalofthlngsln 
Zydeco Mu 5tC. TIle core IS CaJUn and RC,8 but you can also hear a htUe)iu.a I.We Caribbean •• little 
eOUnIt)' and a !title' rock C. roU ·'Come see the Queen' 

INTERNAnOI'lAL REGGAE 
AU. * STARS, FO-JIIlO, TALK BACK, 
FORTUNE HUNTERS, BARBARA 

FREE AFTERNOON CONCERTS 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DAYS A WEEK TO 7 PM 

Fnday. 5:JO.8:OO pm-CHICAGO SIX 
Sunday. 6:009:00 pm-THE PALADINS 1:~'1~ 

Wednesday. 6:008:30 pm-STONE'S THROW 
THE BELLY UP CAFE 

MONDAY NIGHT 6 ·8 PM IS 
~ " BUILD YOUR OWl'C T08TADA NIGHT'-

Includes beans. nee and all tht' toppings A current VIdeo 1ll0Vlt' 
"";11 be shOWing dunng the SpeCldl. 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 481·9022 
143 SOUTH CEDROS AVE • SOlANA BEACH, CA 9Z075 

6 Hiatus Jan. 31, 1985 

: 

Kina of Rode SkGdy, Alton EUu, wiU perform in honor of die 14k Bob M4rle,. 

Marley birthday festival 
to be held at La Palol11a 

By CHRIS YOUNG 
Bob Marley was and always will be 

the king of reggae music. It was he, 
singing songs of love and revolution 
rising from the roots of his history, 
who first brought reggae to the 
international stage, Marley preached 
the social revolution of Marcus 
Garvey and the humanism of his 
strong religious faith. To watch him 
perform was to witness someone in 
touch with a physical energy, moving 
the crowd with his electricity until 
they were swaying as one whole. 

Bob Marley died tragically of a 
brain tumor in 1981, but he is not 
forgotten. In honor of his birthday, 
Prophet Productions is presenting a 
birthday celebration at the La 
Paloma theatre this Saturday. 

The main attractin will be 
Jamaica's own Alton Ellis, the 
internationally acclaimed king of 
Rock Steady and his band the Soul 
Defenders. Ellis has been a force in 

reggae in Jamaica and England and 
now the United States for more than 
20 years. He has performed 
worldwide and received many 
awards in recognition of his 
achievements as an artist. His latest 
single, "Earth Needs Love," is 
already topping the chans. 

Before Elli~ will be Los Angeles' 
top ranking Kushite Raiders. Making 
their San Diego debut, this seven-
piece band will combine the 
relentless beat of an African past 
with the more contemporary 
influences of ska, blues and rock. 

Opening the concen will be 
Nightshift, a local reggae band whose 
roots rhythms are pure and exciting. 
The concert doors open at 8 pm and 
the ticket prices are $9.50. There is 
no age requirement and advance 
tickets are highly recommended. For 
more information call (619) 234-
8462. 

All the discs fit to print 
By RODDY BOGAWA 

With the new year of '85 rolling 
by already, there seems to be a 
glimmer of hope for the once-
threatened music industry and us 
listeners and consumers of vinyl. It 
seems the video game haa bowed 
down to the music video (you tell me 
which is better), and statistk. show 
the upswing in record sales is the best 
it's been in almost a decade. 

What motivates me to pull out my 
battered coronamatic is to try and let 
as many people in on the talented 
underdog bands who don't get much 
press or should get more. Put it this 
way: would this article be one-half as 
interesting if you got another review 
of Purple Rain? Well, anyway, that's 
not my personal bag and. to all those 
who haven't put this down by now, 
read on and be aware that this is by 
now outdated and eternally 
incomplete. 

The Replacemenb-So these 
guys are now the critics' darlings and 
are finally getting frequent press. but 
they do deserve it. This band is 
probably the least pretentious group 
around now, exploring virtually 
every musical style they can fit to 
their own. From hardcore to blues to 
country to Replacements, you 
sho uldn't miss out on them. They 
already have a backlog of classic 
records which have just been re-
released, but the new one's titled Let 
It Be (ha, ha). Who else could do a 
Kiss cover and get away with it? 

Everything But the Girl-The 
debut from Tracey Thorn and Ben 
Watt is everything but a massive hit. 

While some tracks are too sparse 
and occasionally oddly mixed. the 
material contained in their self,titled 
record is evident of the tip of the 
iceberg. Each song on the album 
displays incredible maturity. 
enhanced by Thorn's dreamy 
intriauing vocals and the pseudo--
jazzy auitar and organ work of Watt. 
An inspiring and welcome bit of 
craft, Everything But the Girl 
deserves much more. 

Rhino Record. releuea-After 
receiving critical attention as well as 
moderate selling figures with such 
rarities as Bobby Fuller albums and 
the Chocolate Watchband, to name 
a few, Rhino has begun large scale 
production of oddities and raritie. 
packed full of enough bios, etc. to 
satisfy the curious as well as the 
collector. 

On the local front, there is the 
neo--colorful paisley patterns of The 
Three O'Clock, recently signed to 
IRS records, and who just may crack 
it all wide openj the garage gloom of 
the Tell Tale Hearta, soon with a 
BOMP/Vox debut LP, as well as 
Suiddal Tendenc:ie., whose 
"Institutionalized" is one of the 
cla~ic songs of the last five years 
(can you believe they made it to 
MTV?) 

All in all. there is a lot of new 
music which spells potential with a 
capital P, so keep yoiur ears open 
and jump on the groove which best 
suits your stylus. Now only if U2 
would change their sound, Boy 
George get serious and Duran Duran 
would .. .. 

Goings on 
Hey Mugsy , guess what's 

happening tonight? Well, as part 
of the Richard Widmark 
Retrotpective film series at the 
La Jolla Museum of Contempo-
rary Art, there is a screening of 
Night and the City at 7:30 pm in 
the Sherwood Auditorium. The 
1950 American crime drama, 
directed by Jules Dassin. stars 
(who else?) Richard Wid mark as 
a small-timer (that's Untouch-
ables' jargon) who becomes the 
kingpin of the London wrestling 
game while on the run from 
gangland thugs. Got it? Tickets 
go on sale at the theatre's box 
office at 7 pm, but if you require 
more information, they'll spill 
their guts for you at 454"()267. 

-', ". ", 

Tonight, as part of the lecture 
series in conjunction with 
Phototrnphy in California: 
1945.1980 on display at the 
Natural History ~useum 
Auditorium in Balboa Park, is 
speaker / photographer Linda 
Connor. Connor is a bay area 
photographer who teaches at San 
Francisco Art Institute and 
whose past work includes 
compositions that explore the 
relationship between three-
dimensional objects and two-
dimensional pictures . For 
information and lecture times, 
call 239-5262. 

", -', 

For you concertgoers, tonight 
at Montezuma Hall at San Diego 
State will be the Violent 
Femmes with openers The Del 
Fuep. The Femmes are always 
fascinating as polaroids, so don't 
miss this one. The Del Fueg05 are 
also risina up the critics' "ood 

side, so the show should be all 
around good with a capital 
whatever. Tickets are available at 
SDSU's box office and all 
Ticketron outlets. 265-6947. 

Also tonight on the music 
front, is local modsters (what 
have we created) and soulsters 
Manual Scan and The Fan 
Club at The Rock Palace. This 
relatively new "young adult 
nightclub" hosts numerous local 
acts and boasts a large capacity 
and stage/ lighting. so go out and 
support bands here. It's located 
at 3465 EI Cajon Blvd. , and ' if 
you need more information, call 
563-1066. 

". -', . 

The San Diego jazz group 
Hom. Gentry and the 
Fatburaer Band will open for 
"An evening with Dave 
Brubeck" presented by Maragor 
Bold Jazz on Feb. 1 at the Fox 
Theatre. Brubeck's performance 
is part of a ten-city jazz concert 
series, and proceeds will be 
donated to the San Diego Jazz 
Festival. Tickets are available at 
all Ticketron outlets and at the 
Fox Theatre box office. 236-
6510. 

-', -', 

Saturday night is a music-filled 
agenda beginning with Tom 
"Glad to be Gav" and "War 
Babies" Robiruon at the Spirit 
Club. Robinson's band has been 
an innovative musical force in 
the British rock scene for years, 
and .till has yet to hit hil stride in 
terms of success. Tickets for this 
special show are available at the 
Spirit and all Ticketron outlets. 
276-3993. 

Pi Zi Chapter 
of 

TAU KAPPA EPSILON 
and 

THE VALLE 

RESTAURANT 

Walt Dianey wa. never like tbi.,Just like the swallows 
returning to Capistrano, the Festival of Animation returns 
to La Jolla. The captivating collection of works by the 
latest and greatest animators is consistently brilliant. Many 
of the pieces go on to win Academy Awards and other 
accolades. This year's presentation is no exception. 

Will Vinton 's " Creation" (pictured above) is one of 16 
films that can be 'seen at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary An. Highlight's include the return of 
"Vincent," Catherine Hardwicke's "Puppy Does the 
Gumbo," "Gumby" by Art Clokey featuring the 
Blockheads and "Accidents Will Happen" with music by 
Elvis Costello. The program runs through February 14 and 
advance tickets are $5 (Friday and Saturday $6). 

The Livinl Planet: A 
Portrait ofthe Earth. a new 16-
part series written and directed 
by noted author / naturalist 
David Attenborough premieres 
Sunday from 7..a pm on KPBS 
TV. This ambitious sequel to 
Attenborough's award-winning 
"Life on Earth" takes a global 
look at how organisms of every 
description adapt to their 
surroundings. The show repeats 
Thursdays. 

". -', 

After you rest your bones 
watching The Litling Planet, you 
can run out to the Bacchanal 
Club in its new location at 8021 
Clairmont Mesa and check out 
Robin Trower (remember 
him?). Expect a lot of guitar hero 
stuff and all those facial grimaces. 
Tickets are available at the 
Bacchanal and all Teleseat 
locations and run $14 plus. 
Whew! 560-8022 

-', ", 

Video comes to the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
via an innovative new program 
being inaugurated Wednesday, 
featuring Selected Video 
Work. by major artists in the 
medium in the museum's new 
video gallery. The gallery is open 
daily except Monday from 10-5 
pm and from 12:30-5 pm on 
Saturday an~.Sunday. 454"()267. 

Nikita Mikhalov ' s An 
Unfinished Piece for Player 
Piano will be shown on Tuesday 
as part of the International Film 
Series. Screening is at 7:30 in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 452-
4559. 
-Compiled by Roddy Bogowa 

w!rM98 • .-- .-~ _ AND U C S 0 POP EVENTS COMMITTEE PRESENTS 

" SALOON 

Cordially invite the staff and students of 
V.C,S,D. a'nd the community of La Jolla 
to participate in a charity golf tournament 

to benefit 
'I'H 

MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS 
l....---_ ____ OCIE 

of San Diego 

To be held at the Lomas Santa Fe Country Club 
Monday, February 4, 1985 

Registration begins at 10: 00 am 

A rrangements must be made in advance 
and may be done so by contacting 
Dave CouTey at the Valle Rose 

48 I -886 I. _ " ~~ 

an intimate evening with 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9 
TWO SHOWS-8:00 AND 10:30 P.M. 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM, U.C.S.D. 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT U.C.S.D. BOI OFFICE. AND ALL TlCKETRON 
~NO TELESEAT OUTLETS. FOR MORE INFORMATION: 413·1331 

• ~IJ.:; 
* I .D. IUDtuM BOil OfIIe. 01 S 0 Coon", ~' .. ~.~. 

mESEA l' TICKET OUTLITI UCOIOCI OIIIA 0"00" 110<0' 01 CJ!'1TT~1 
MIM' SICHts I" Son 0..00 Coun"" I .D. ~ION • .-011 ..... MT'I e .... a eo_ OtIc. (101 C 
Stfeel) ... AI1IC CINfIt Io~ Ok. MIlL Of CMtMM 10'. In loIboo Po1\.. lIND ...., MM'AI. 
n.'tOM ~ C., ... 10 ... ...-.c In'OWOV __ WOIU) If'! Ck:eonJde .UI u.DIO ttl Son "stalO 

~~~."!~If\ ... ":~"':'..!':.",eck"""""<O!I"_IO('''~ __ ''''fUM 
rWSIAr sun", • . 21] ...... r 

Jan. 31, 1985 HiahcI 7 



Advertise in .... 

The 
Guardian 

Navy 
Health 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

w you hove been accepted by, or ae ervOiled at. on QpprOlied 
schoo! of medicine or osteopathy, you may quality tor the Navy 
HeoIth Prolessklns SchOlotshlp Program 

~ a schoIOBhlp student the Navy pays 
• your fu ll tU~lOn, outhOOzed tees and edJcatlOnOl 

expense$. 
• the cost 01 requ.ed books and supplies (reimbursed 

to you), 
• rental tees tor necessary 9QUlpm9flt such as micro$COp9$, and 
• a monthly cOSh payment directly to YOU ( subj9Ct to 

toxes) You can use this stipend os you please 
IMllle at SChool, the Navy does not Intetfere With your 

academic life. You won't hove to attend military tra ining or 
OOlls, or wear Navy UnifOrms, You, lifestyle Is the some os other 
medlcol or OlIeopa1t:lc students. 

Special Training 

You'll spend about sbc -..-I<s each yeor In on "actIVe 
seMce" status. However, ff your curriculum doesn't 0I1ow you 
to 190116 SChool, you con usually JPEH'ld a portion or all of tnose 
days of aetlll9 duty at your Civilian schoo! continUing your 
studies 

Duong this active duty period, you'll r9091ve full pay and 
allowances 01 an oIIicer In the Navywhelher you',e of SChool 
or away That's In OddHion to the regular monthly Income you 
rec91119 WInO the rest 01 the Y90l 

)/Ctlve duty periods oller you the Chance to trOll91 of Navy 
expense and gain medlcol experience while enjOying a break 
from the routine of studying 

0bI1gat1onl: 

• compjete schOOl OS a memoer 01 the Navy HeoIth 
Pr0l9SSlOnS Scholarship Program 

• 19M! one yeor 01 aetl\le duty as a Navy medicol officer 
tor each year of scholarshIP portlClPOtlon You must 
_ at least three yecos on active duty 

nme JPEH'lt In Inlernshlp or residency does not count toward 
your acllll9 service OOllgotoon 

Quallllcallonllor 1ChoI00001pe: 

• be accepted tor the ~ enlenng clOss or cUllently 
enrOlled tn an QpprOlied schOOl of medrClne or 
osteopathy tn the us or PUerto RiCO 

• be a us crtlZen 01 good moral c haracter 
• be physlcoJly qualified for comm'SSIOn as a Navy 

officer 
• Holle composrt MCAT score of 60 or more 

Bill Bryont 6:~~ YNCUSNR ' 
OfFICER RECRUlTER • I . 
NAW RECRUtnNG DISTRICT 
SIW DIEGO 
NAVAl TRAINING CENTER. BlDG 335 
SIW DIEGO, CA 92133 

call collect (619) 29W7~ 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In The Navy. 

8 Hiatus Jan , 31, 1985 

·----------------------------------1 I . . 
: : HAIRCUTS i 
I I i I FOR THE PRICE OF 1 : 
I I 
: Includes Shampoo, Cut & Style for Two. : 
: Each Cut Individually Designed. The Expertise: 
: of an a-year Professional. : 
: Call BRUCE at Ultimo .. .for hair, 7446 Girard : 
: Ave., 454-9612. Appointments are necessary. : 
I I 
I Offer good with this ad through Feb. 7, 1985 : 

~----------------------------------

\ \. .... \\ 

- -..,-- (\ I II ( ) I{ '\ 1:\ s( I H )()/ (>I 
1

!iPII1!!:'i::i ,. 
•• 1'1(( III ~~I()'\I I'~) ( II() 1 ()(,) 
B I 1\ I-.. i I I 1 • I 1,1 ,,'\, ( ) • I ( )" .\ '\, ( .1 I 1 ... • '-,", I) II l.l ) 

cspp 
is now accepting applications for 

Ph.D. in Industrial/Organizational Psychology 
at Los Angeles and San Diego 

• Preparation for careers in business and industry in positions that 
improve organizational effectiveness and employee quality of work life 

• Hands-on experience in paid organizational field placements in service 
organizations, industrial scllings, and government 

• Advanced training in personnel assessment , psychological theory, and 
performance management 

Faculty are highly qualified and experienced in the field 
Part-time and extended degree study options available 

for information and an application contact: 
CSpp - Central Admissions 

2152 Union Street • San Francisco, CA 94123 
800/457-5261 or 415/346-4507 " 

The hOllle of the 
39¢ hamburger . 

• r 

\ \ \ In.I\!' \'r 

I 
"""".:., u~~m. I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

I...... __ .. -_!!!!!!!!!-_ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ___ ....JI. 
ALL AMERICAN MEAL 

Quarter Pounder® with Cheese, Larxe Fry, 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink l ."h ",Iu.- I 10", 1 ,cnt II 
II Limi t o n ~ co u po n p~ r J $1 991• II cu rom~r . pa vis it. Pleas<: US t • II 
II p r ~s~ nt co u po n w h ~ n (plus tax) II orJ~rlllg . Not va liJ wi th any II o tha oller . Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

t®_~~2~~r~985 San DieKO~ 
--------- ~ _____ IIiIIIII •• II.II ••• _I _________ _ 

r--------------~------------------~ 
$2.00 OFF ANY LARGE PIZZA 
$1.00 OFF ANY MEDIUM PIZZA 

IN OUR DINING ROOM OR TAKE- OUT 
NO LIMIT TO NUMBER OF PIZZAS 

8873 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. 
(next to Theaters) 

FREE UCSD DELIVERY 

HOURS: 
MON - THURS 11 -11 PM 

FRI & SAT 11-1 AM 


