
, 
, I 

David and 
Goliath 
a ~nlVersity ':'---
near you \ i;' 

I 

. 

\ 
, " ' 11 1, ,t,l, r ~~;;::._ .. ~i".'" ,~ ' - . .. ~ ~ .... 1 ' ,,: . ~- -

'I" ." - --- ... -=-
, .\ ~t:',... - .• --~ 
- v- "~ -

~ ~ 

-

-~ 
J 

.' 

J 
--_ I -1--

/ 

~l r ", Itl If" 1 I .-. _ •. 
. I 

r .. _" 
• _. I ~ 'i:~: • 

-~. 

'l: lllt~, 
l \ 

\If 

~~~ 



2 Thursday, Jan . 10, 1985 
NEa,JS 

- .. 

The number of mlU'ders committed 
each day in the United States drops br 
about ten percent for a short period 0 
time following a widely publicized 
execution or the passing of a life 
sentence, according to a study by David 
P. Phillips, professor of sociology at 
UCSD. 

On the average, the study found, the 
number of murders falls on the fourth 
day after news reports of executions and 
lire sentences by a maximum of 3.32 
from the daily average of 39.06. After 
the fourth day the figures return to 
nonnal. 

Phillips and graduate student John E. 
Hensley tracked murders in the several 
days follOwing punishments reported in 
evening network television newscasts. 

Their study, published recently in the 
Journal of Communication , shows that 
when punishment for violent behavior, 
such as a death sentence or or life 
sentence, is reported , homicides in the 
United States decrease. Afte r 
unpublicized punishments, there was no 
significant drop. 

The fact that life sentences seem to 
lower murder rate just as effectively as 

- executions might fuel further debate 
over the value of executions. 

o 
In response to recent advertisements 

by local grocery store chain Ralphs, the 
California Public Interest Group 
(CalPIRG) has announced its intention 
to closely monitor all commercial ads for 
any legal improprieties. 

According to Carmen Gonzalez, 
CalPIRG's Consumer Prograt'l\ director, 
"Consumers are poorly served by brief 
references to CalPIRG's food price 
survey in advertisements. Consumers 
will receive maximum benefit from 
CalPIRG's surveys by learning about the 
results when presented in a balanced, 

comparative manner." Gonzalez further 
noted, "CaIPIRG does not endorse any 
grocery store, and strongly protests use 
of our survey results by a partial and 
biased source . 

"While we are pleased that grocery 
stores are responding to competition 
with lower prices, we are very 
concerned that these promotions could 
potentially confuse or mislead 
consumers about the survey results . We 
intend to monitor all such ads, and take 
whatever action is appropriate should 
we discover any abuse," concluded 
Gonzalez. 

o 
Two naturalist-led tide pool walks 

along the coast of Point Lorna will be 
offered by the aquarium at UCSD's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
from 2-4 pm on Saturday and Sunday, 
January 19 and 20. The excursions are a 
part of the Year of the Ocean activities 
sponsored by Scripps. 

Each day the walk will begin with a 
short lecture on the local tide pool 
inhabitants at the Cabrillo National 
Monument. Participants will then drive 
to the tide pools off Point Loma for the 
walk, which will be led by marine 
biologist Craig Carey. 

The fee for the tide pool walks is $8 
per session, and reservations are 
required. For further information and 
registration, call the Scripps Aquarium at 
452-4087. 

o 
In a proclamation issued by Governor 

George Deukmejian, January has been 
designated Financial Aid Awareness 
Month in California. During January, 
public workshops will be offered to 
educate individuals about financing 
education beyond high school. 
Workshops will include information and 
assistance regarding types of financial 

~---------~----------~ ~ l-. ru " 
• Irl 

~ I .. r :<i~ ~~ 
"" .. 

II' 
" 

, .1 .. -~ I~ • ...I.. ')t- 1'111 • IJl I .... f'I 1ri.:oiI ~ I] ';I - I I "] II ...,. I .. rl II loll .1 . ~ Ir .i.oj ... loll 
., 

P- I" 1-, f lL _Ol'l. I I 11 J 
1-

" : '1' f-j':" n l~ r"l ~14:. I 
Cover: It's David and Goliath all over again, as 
newcomer KB Books tries to put a little competition 
into the on-campus bookstore scene. Well, nobody 
said it was going to be easy-and it isn't See the 
cover story on page 7 and the related editorial on 
page 4. 
News: On this page is the debut of "Cross-Section," a regular 
feature devoted to campus organizations and events. 
Blackhorse Farms is approved I but neither students nor La 
Jollans are happy, the Communications Depanment readies 
to accept grad students, and new discoveries at Scripps 
indicate that the greenhouse effecl may be self-canceling. 
Opinions: An editorial on David and Goliath on the 
bookstore scene, Cannery Rowand 510, political notes, and 
Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: A look at Kim Stanley Robinson through his 
own work, an excerpt from The Wild Shore. 
Sports: Spirit Night is Friday, and all involved are hoping for 
a third straight success. Plus a preview of the swimming 
season, a profile of basketball player Mark Barreca, ~nd a look 
at the scene of the rec, 
Hiatus: Video an on the rise, the first Bob's Books of the year, 
an anist insight on Christyn Tamblyn, plus movies and 
Goings On. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

aid, elJ.gibility requirements, and 
deadlines for applying. The workshops 
will cover aid programs such as grants. 
·loans and work-study offered at 
California's communiry colleges, four-
year colleges and universities, and 
proprietary schools. 

Financial Aid Awareness Month is 
sponsored by the California Association 
of Student Financial Aid Administrators 
(CASFM). For further information 
regarding workshops, contact Student 
Financial Services, 452-4472. 

- Sean Wagstaff 
o rsection----------------------------------------~ 
~ e Alexander makes a bid for Student. Regent 
Y Whether it be an increase in student fees or deciding 

the morality of producing nuclear weapons, the Regents 
of the University of California are a powerful force in the 
lives of students. At UCSD, they were the ones 
responsible for the mid-year parking hike and the ones 
who approved the construction of the $40 million 
engineering building the campus so badly needs. 

Students have a voice in these decisions, a way to 
make those 28 men and women understand what it's like 
going to a university today. The position of Student 
Regent was created ten years ago to keep an open line 
between the two groups, and in the past few years has 
proven successful. 

Mary Rose Alexander, UCSD's current AS vice 
president, wants the year-long job and she is coming 
close to gening it. She is one of the nine remaining 
students still eligible for the job Out of the 45 who 
applied , and she will be traveling up to Sacramento this 
weekend to see if she can make the top three. 

Alexander says she's willing to spend the 30-40 hours 
a week because it is such an important factor in the 
future of the UniverSity of California. 

"The Regents may come to every campus once a year, 
but they don't know what it's like to be a student," she 
said . "Most of them are 50, 60 or 70 years old- they're 
older people." 

The Student Regent is actually on campus and talking 
to classmates every day, Alexander said . This way the 
Board of Regents will know what students think and feel. 

If elected, Alexander would become a full member of 
the Regents for the next year. She would have an equal 
vote on establishing such univerisity policy as student 
fees, financial aid , affirmative action and the various 
financial affairs of the entire university system. Although 
the tudent Regent is not officiaUy paid, tuition is waived 
and there is a small budget for expenses. 

This weekend Alexander and the other eight 
candidates will be reviewed by the Student Body 
Presidents Coucil , which is made up of the graduate and 
undergraduate presidents of every UC college. Three 

finalists will be chosen and from them the Regents will 
appoint the Student Regent at its February meeting. 

As a member of the Regents, Alexander said she would 
make students aware of her position and that she would 
be there to expre:.;s their interests. 

"If you're a member of the Regents, you can call 
anent ion to any question you want. The Regents preny 
much rubber-stamp whatever goes through . They don't 
like to bring up controversial issues that much because 
they don't want to cause problems. They don't call 
attention to specific things: that's something a Student 
Regent could do." 

One of those "touchy" issues will be coming before the. 

~ 
) j L-____________________________ ~ ____ ~~ 

Associated Students Vice President Mary Rose Alexander. 

Board next year, said Alexander. The University ot 
California's involvement with the production of nuclear 
weapons will again surface when ItS contracts with Los 
Alamos Labora tory and Lawrence Livermore Laboratory 
will be up for re new;ll. 

Alexander wasn 't sure how she would vote on the 
re newal , but ,aid the VOle would reOect student opinion 

no maner how she felt. 
"Most students say we should definitely get out, but if 

you really look at it, if we get out then the option is for 
business to manage it, which would be worse; or for the 
government to do it itself, which would be worse. If you 
have a university doing it, you can always ask questions. 

"A lot of the time you see student leaders fighti ng for aU 
the affirmative action, financial aid or divesting from 
South Africa or getting the Regents out of the weapons 
lab. Do you think the common student at this school 
really knows about that, or really cares? No. I think what 
they care about more is their fees , how much they have to 
pay every year, if they can get into the library, if the 
libraries are open, if there are enough computers to do 
their classwork, if their parking fees are going up without 
them knowing about it. All of these things." 

She feels that most students are aware of the issue of 
nuclear arms, but are not interested in how their 
univerSity is involved. 

"I think they care about nuclear arms. But do you think 
if they took a poll, the majority of the students on 
this campus would know tht the University of California 
produces about 85% of the nuclear arsenal in the United 
States?" 

The other major issue Alexander feels the Regents 
should address is the number of minorities enrolled in 
the UC system. She said that the current affirmative 
action programs are good, but not near enough to solve 
the problem. 

"It has gone from worse to bad," Alexander said. "They 
haven't solved the problem. The problem is that by the 
year 2000, 50% of the college age population is going to 
be minority in the state of California. Right now,the 
University of California is not even close to that." 

The education in grades K-12 is the key factor in 
improving the quality of students entering college , she 
said . 

Alexander is currently a senior political science major 
and plans on entering law school after she graduates 
next year. 

- Phil Willon 

Thursday, JIm 10, 1985 3 

Communication Deparunent 
gearing up for graduate program 
By LIl YS McCOY 

U CSD'S COMMUNICATION Depanment, established in 1982, has released a proposal the California system, but in the nation as well . Its structure will stem from the broadly based undergraduate curriculum 
which includes the study of 
communication on both a theoretical 
and a technical level. 

pending approval, for an "intellectually 
distinct" graduate program in 
communication. The graduate program will retain the 

three specific areas of concentration 
that are taught at the undergraduate 
level: communication and culture, 
communication as a social force and 
communication and the individual, 
including field work. 

This program, offering a Ph.D. in 
communication, will be the first of its 
kind in the UC system. 

According to Greg Griffin, the Student 
Services Coordinator for the depanment, 
this program will be unique, not only in 

"We're looking to teach 
communication: said Griffin, "which no 
one actuaUy does at this time. They 
teach an aspect of communication. We 
want to teach the theory and analytic 
value of communication." 

The department intends to accomplish 
this by teaching its students to use 
empirical and critical methods in 
analyzing the historical and theoretical 
side of communication. The students 
also will be taught the use of media 
equipment and techniques, while 
examining how, and especially why, it's 
been used the way it has. 

According to the written proposal, 
"The object is to create something 
whose audience is not a teacher alone, 
and in doing so , to test their (the 
students) ideas and to confront key 
communication concepts of audience, 
framing, narrativity and point of view." 

Profossor Michatl Schudson will be a IIty 
,nember of the new graduate program. 

The proposal, which has been passed 
by the two local review boards, the 
UCSD Graduate Council and the 
Academic Senate, is now pending 

Winter 
1985 

Individual and Small Class Programs to 
Help You Develop Essential Learning Skills 

ACADEMIC SUCCESS 
PROGRAM (ASP) 

452-3760 
STUDENT CENTER 

BUILDING B 

Individual assistance lor Educa-
tIonal Opportunity Program (EOP) 
and Student Affirmative Action (SAA) freshmen. Professional and 
peer coonselors provide assistance 
on an Individual basis with 
academiC, personal, financial , and 
social problems Sianding appoint-
menls are available to EOP/SAA 
students, along with other work -
shops and special OASIS sessions. 
The ASP staff act as advocates for 
all EOP/SAA students enrolled in 
the univenslty. Your personal peer 
counselor will provide assistance In 
cutting through the ·· red tape" and 
solving problems when possible. 
Each quarter a special ··Faculty lec· 
ture·· Is held to bring faculty, siaff, 
and sludents together who Share a 
common Interesl. SpecHic dates 
and times are announced in the 
Guardian. 
Orop by our oHk:e, Mon.·Fri .. 8:30 
a m.-4:00 p.m., or cell tor an 
appoinlment . 
BE A PEER 
COUNSELOR 
JunlOfs and seniors with a 2.50 
GPA who are active in campus-
wide programs and eflJOY working 
with undergraduate students from 
diverse cultures are encouraged to 
panlCipate In the peer training prac· 
ticum. All students Interested must 
take TEP 196 for four units. 
Interviews for prospective "peers". 
Tues ., to:OO a.m.-2:00 p.m., Hl 
t25<4 . Apply before January 8. 

TUTORIAL PROGRAM 
452-2280 
OASIS 

UNDERGROUND 
HL 1254 

OPENS MONDAY 
JANUARY 14 
FREE tutoring in mathematics, 
physics, biology, chemistry, 
economics, statistics, and com-
puter science. 
Drop in for help: Mon.-Thurs ., 
10:00 a.m.-9:00 p.m. Fri. , 10:00 
a.m.-3:00 p.m., Sun. 5-9:00 
p.m. 
Study tables will be organized 
for any lower-division science 
or math class. Just get together 
with four friends , and we will 
find a tutor. 
BE A TUTOR 
Juniors and seniors with a 
3.00 GPA who have completed 
lower·division mathematics 
requirements are eligible to 
become tutors. New tutors 
enroll in TEP 196 fOf four units. 
APPLY BEFORE 
JANUARY I 
Interview fOf prospective tutors 
Tuesday, January 8 10:00 
a.m.-2:oo p.m. HL 1254 

THIRD PLACE 
452-3284 

THIRD COLLEGE 
DINING COMMONS 

102 

OASIS branches out to Third 
College. We olter: 
Professional and Peer 
Counseling daily 8:30 a.m.-4 :oo 
p.m. 
Tutoring in most lower-division 
classes. Mon.-Thurs., to :oo 
a.m.-8:00 p.m. Fri., 10:00-1 :00 
p.m. TutOring begins Monday 
January 14. 
Schedules will be available the 
third week of classes at Third 
Place. 
Speed Reading 1117-2/14 
Thurs. 9:00 a.m.-11 :oo a.m. 
Study Skills Workshop Tues. 
10:00 a.m.-12:oo noon. 
Locations to be announced. 
Schedules are available at 
Third Place. 
Goal Setting. LifeJWork Plan-
ning (also scheduled by 
appointment) Mon.-Fri. 9:00 
a.m.·3:00 p.m. 

Assistance Is Available. 
OASIS Admin. 452-3760 

approval by the systemwide Graduate 
Council and will eventually go to the 
California PostSecondary Education 
Committee (CPEC) and then to the UC 
President for final approval. 

According to Griffin, "The Academic 
Senate and the Graduate Council felt 
that we had a very good pro~ram that 

> CONTINl)ED ON PAGE 9 > 

Blackhorse approved 
The San Diego City Council approved 

a revised version of the Blackhorse 
Farms development project last Tuesday 
despite the heated objections of both 
UCSD student representatives and the 
local La Jolla community. 

decision: said Assistant Vice Chancellor 
Bruce Darling. "It was clearly a 
compromise with the community." He 
added that the defeat of the commercial 
center was a disappOintment, but that 
because of a previous agreement with 
developers Sickels/ O'Srien, the 
University had to support the project 
even if it was not included. 

The new plan includes residential 
housing and a conference center but 
will not contain the commercial center 
that Associated Students President Marc 
Boroditsky has campaigned for over the 
past six months. The University-owned 
land, which lies adjacent to the Muir 
dorms, will have 206 townhomes and 
condominiums, a 21O-room conference 
center and two single-family homes.· 
Construction of the complex is expected 
to begin by next fall, according to 
developer John O'Brien. 

Councilman Bill Mitchell, who voted 
against the proposal, asked the Council 
to enlist a continuance until Mayor 
Roger Hedgecock could be present. The 
Mayor arrived to the session late 
because of his current court battle. The 
motion for a continuance failed, and the 
proposed complex passed the Council 
with a 6-2 vote. 

In the same action, the City Council 
approved the red curbing of North 
Torrey Pines, but delaytd the move until 
July of 1987. This will eliminate more 
than 600 free parking spaces for 
students at a time when parking fees 
have been increasing. 

"It was another defeat to the La Jolla 
community," said Mitchell. "It will 
deteriorate the quality of life in LaJolla." 

Final approval is up to the California 
Coastal Commission, which is 
scheduled to meet in about two months. 
Boroditsky hopes to convince the 
Commission to deny approval in order 
to reinstate the commercial center. 

"We were very pleased with the 

READING AND STUDY 
SKILLS CENTER 

452-2284 
OASIS SECOND 

STORY 
USB 4010 

PAL CONFERENCES 
Personal Assistance tor learning (PAL) conferences 10 perfect your 
skills are available to students by 
appointment. 
STUDY SKILLS 
WORKSHOP 
TIme Managemenl 
How to Study Malh and Science 
Courses 
Mid Term Prep. 
leclure Notelaking 
How to Concentrate at Will 
Textbool< Reading lor Recail 
How to Develop Memory Control 
Finals Prep. 
Test·Taklng Stralegles 
Please calt for dale and time. 
MINI COURSES 
Speed Readmg: Thurs. 9:00-1 1:00 
a.m. l /t7·2/14 
Concenlratlon and Creallvlty: A 
Workshop In Reading and Thinking, 
Mon. & Wed. 2:00 p.m.·3:00 p.m. 
123·2120 
GRE Prep: Mon. & Wed. 4:00·7:00 
p.m. 1114·1130 
VOCABULARY 
DEVELOPMENT 
Individualized vocabulary learning 
plans are avaIlable by appointmenl. 
DIAGNOSTIC TESnNG 
Have your reading rate or compre· 

~lIion diagnosed. The key skilts 
ot rale. memory lor tactual into, and 
analytical comprehenSIOn will be 
auasaed. A fotlow-up conference 
will provide a ptan for improving 
your skillS. 
For more information, room num-
bers or to sign·up for any of these 
actiVItieS, call or stop In 8:00 a.m.-
4:30 p.m. 

THE LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 
452-2284 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 

The Language Program provides 
assistance 10 sludents whose first 
language IS not EngliSh, and to 
those doing work in Spanish, 
French, lIallan, and other Ian· 
guages. Services include: The lan· 
guage Program class (levels I and 
11). the Granvnar and Mechanics 
workshops (levels I and 11), the 
AcademIC Writing In Spanish class, 
the French and Spanish grammar 
hotline, weekly workshops, SpaniSh, 
French, Italian. German, and En-
glish as a second tanguage pro-
nunciation labs, and one·lo·one 
conferences for feedback on wrinen 
dralls. A dlagnosllc test on written 
English as a second language IS 
available on requesl. Call 452-2284 
tor more Intormalion. 

THE B.C. (BEFORE 
CALCULUS) PROGRAM 

452-3760 
STUDENT CENTER 

BUILDING B 

This program is designed to support 
EOP sludents In their desire 10 ex· 
cel in mathematics at UCSD. Small 
groups of students attend work-
shops IWIce a week oulside of 
class. Al these workshops students 
work on problems. prepare tor ex-
ams, and help one anolher 10 mas-
ter the course. Students are under 
the supervision and direction of a 
workshop leader. 
Math 4C, tA & 28 WOrkshops. 
TulOrial sessions are provided lor 
students In Community College 
MaltI 140, , 03. Days lind l1li-. to 
be announced. 
Conferen<:es are Ivallable 10 stu-
denIe experiencing difficulty In 
mathematics. Study techniques and 
campuS rBlOUfC8S will be recom-
mended. 
Space in workshops is limited and 
we operate on a firll-come. f,TSt· 
served baSIS. For more 'nformallOn 
call 452-3760. 

- Phil Willon 

WRITING CENTER 
452-2284 

OASIS SECOND 
STORY 

USB 4070 

One-ta-one writing conferences 
available for all students by 
appointment. Call 452-2284 
WRITING CONFERENCES 
Sessions begin the second 
week of the quarter. 
THE GRAMMAR CLASS 
For all students who want to 
learn how English sentences 
are constructed and where 
common errors in written sen-
tences occur. Grammar termi-
nology will be explained. Useful 
for editing and revising 
academic papers. 
UPPER-DIVISION 
ADJUNCT 
For transfer students: focus on 
short term papers, research 
method, composition, and orga-
nizalion. 
DIAGNOSTIC TESTING 
The OASIS Writing Test asses-
ses your strengths and weak-
nesses in writing and editing 
academic papers. Testing is 
available in the Writing Center 
during the academic year. You 
will receive an individual ·con-
ference on your test scores. 

GRAMMAR MOSES 
HOTLINE 
452-2284 

Phone-in service fOf help with 
diction, grammar, and punctua-
tion problems. 8:30 a.m.-4:oo 
p.m. 



.. Thursday, Jan . 10, )985 

DAVID AND GOLIATH 
Within a University such as ours, the law of comparative advantage 

shakes its mighty head on a daily basis. From the bowels of department 
class scheduling arises an almost nebulous competition over which field 
of study will gamer the most student interest. On Revelle Plaza we watch 
small merchants casually draw prospective customers away from other 
grass stalls solely for the promise of profit. Political groups and 
publications canvas the quadrants so as to stake their ideological claims 
in the drowsy young minds of unsuspecting yearlings; never conscious 
of the effect of their propagandizing on the confused youth, but always 
aware of the results of their recruitment drive. All institutions 
everywhere, the cooperatives included, exhibit a desire to streamline 
products which are attractive and effective within their prospective 
markets in order to insure long term existence. It may be true that 
certain organizations are less malicious in their marketing techniques 
than others, but do not be fooled; all groups seek out a niche in society 
that will most benefit their schemes. 

And-so it is with the UCSD Bookstore and their administrative 
cohorts. The Bookstore is a multi-million dollar operation, and has been 
since its conception. They have cornered the market on academic texts 
here in La Jolla and it will take a team of roughneck Clydesdale horses 
to pull them away. It is the most expensive institution of its kind within 
the UC system, a capitalistic venture that is sure to make the Fortune 
500 before the tum of the century. For here our premise of comparative 
advantage illuminates most brighdy. The Bookstore has the 
overwhelming territorial advantage of being backed by a heavy-handed 
bureaucracy. The Regents , in all their finite wisdom, have decided time 
and time again that there is no need for another outfit brandishing the 
same goods, 

Enter KB Books, our underdog for the 1984-1985 competitive season. 
This enterprise, run by a group of adventurous student-entrepreneurs, is 
attempting to obtain a sales license from the University to sell similar 
texts on campus at a 10% markdown. Well, they approach the AS 
Council for suppOrt, receive a fair shake but then begin to hear horror 
stories about the amount of roadblocks they will face courtesy of the 
administration . They cry for help and a few spirited AS Councilmembers 
storm the administrative complex with trade-offs in mind. It seems that 
they are willing to grant the Administration a few positive actions in the 

future in exchange for a sales license for KB Books. As the AS President 
said in a council meeting just before Christmas break, "You have got to 
instill your confidence in me to negotiate," he quipped while addressing 
the Council at large. "I must have your trust to go up and strike a deal 
with these people." As far as we know, these negotiations are still in 
progress. 

KB Books has yet to receive an on-campus license and are currently 
selling their products in a manner similar to that of Domino's Pizza, 
delivering texts OUt of the back of their cars (although without the flashy 
blue casing). They are receiving advertising space in the AS Bulletin so it 
appears our elected representatives are not ready to play dead just yet. But 
you see, the rules of comparative advantage are such that your competitor 
must leave open a door into which you can wedge your leg. If you are 
going to playa capitalist game you must enter a capitalist arena. What 
space has the UC Bookstore left open for the immature KB Books? It is 
certainly not the searing body of leftist literature; Groundworks has the 
patent on that. Nor is it a vast collection of scholarly references at no 
cost; the libraries have covered most of those bases. Can it possibly be 
that the same exact books KB can offer in the identical sphere of 
influence will sail them to the top of the financial charts? What more in 
bookstore ingenuity could this band of wave-struck marauders present 
to the student population that the existing, technologically superior giant 
hasn't already bestowed upon us? . 

Cheaper prices, my friends, cheaper prices. Take your pick: a highly 
expensive, questionably called "non-profit organization," or a reasonably 
expensive, sculpted for profit organization. If you choose to support KB 
Books, you won't have to brown-bag your lunches for a laborious wait at 
our present store. If you favor an ironic twist, you can tum you backs 
on, or simply disdain , our young, ambitious enterprisers' attempt at 
subverting a monopoly. 

Look, the game of "Monopoly" is on the way out. Just ask Ma Bell, 
she'll tell you. Trivial Pursuit is in. There is nothing we would like better 
than in 20 years time to sit back in our parlors and have this question 
addressed to us (Baby-Boomers edition, of course): "In 1985 , what 
company lost its financial stranglehold on the University of California at 
San Diego student population to the then little known KB Books Inc.? 
You got it. Take your pie, please, you've earned it!!!. 

Cannery Rowand SIO 
By ROBERT LEONE, StaffWriLer 

In the near future, the Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography will break 
ground for a replacement for the current 
Aquarium-Museum building. The current 
building, a cement structure that opened 
in 1951 and has since undergone 
extensive repairs as more is learned 
about the effects of salt water on cement 
tanks, is overcrowded and decaying. 
From July 1, 1975 to june 30, 1976, 
more than 400,000 people passed 
through the tumstyle in the modest 
facility. 

When the designers are considering 
what features are appropriate for this 
new edifice, they might well consider 
the features of Julie's goldfish bowl. julie 
IS a marine biologist and her father 
(who helped her buy the goldfish bowl) 
is David Packard , one of the founders of 
Hewlitt-Packard . The goldfish bowl is a 
$40 million facility on Monterey's 
Cannery Row. This is no ordinary 
goldfish bowl; this is the Monterey Bay 
Aquarium. 

Inside , you can witness life-sized kelp 

beds, vast tanks for pelagIc fish , and a 
wonderful wedge-shaped tank that 
displays at least 23 assorted flatfISh and 
flounders so that even the smallest child 
can see how well they are camouflaged 
against the sand. Some tanks are so 
large that the feeder wears scuba gear 
when he feeds the fish , swimming 30 
feet below the surface. Sharks are kept 
well fed . Huge fish eye lenses in the 
sides of some tanks allow magnificent 
vistas of the blindingly fast attacks by 
salmon upon the chopped fish they are 

eating. Other tanks show, in great detail, . 
the activity of chltons and digger clams 
and other animals that burrow into the 
rock. Sea otters disport in their own vast 
tank, with its fronds of kelp. Display 
cases are filled with information on 
marine mammals. A cafe and a bar cater 
to hungry children and thirsty parents. 
It is a marvelous place. 

Many of the features, the large tanks, 
the wedge tank for flatfish , and so on 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

Thursday, Jan . 10, 1985 5 

Spanning the tumbling globe 
By MATTHEW J. CRONIN 

Olympic Organizer Peter Ueberroth, the 
quintessential entrepreneur was named "Man of the 
Year" by Time magazine. Although he did a remarkable 
job putting on the games, it would seem his 
achievement falls miles short in contrast to the 
sacrificial quest ventured by one Father jerzy 
Popielusko, who gave up his life in order to rekindle 
the fire of religiOUS and economic freedom. Father 
jerzy, an outspoken supporter of the banned Solidarity 
trade union in Poland, was murdered last October 
when he refused a request to take an extended leave 
from the country. His martyrdom comes as no SUfrise 
to those people who preach and practice politica 
ethics, but may to Time Inc., whose Man of the Year is 
said to have "a swift, shrewd mind that picks up the 
nuances of tone of voice and the subtleties of 
conversation. He is a remarkable observer." 

I gather Fr. Popielusko failed to pick up on the 
political rhetOriC that led to his death, for he observes 
no longer. 

* * * 

Another electoral mandate? So it appears for the 
horrified country of India, as Rajiv Gandhi , son of the 
recently slain Indhira Gandhi , won a landslide victory 
10 last month's elections. Prime Minister Gandhi has 
vowed to begin a dialectical process belWeen the ruling 
Hindus and the minority religious groups, the Muslims 
and Sikhs. Mr. Gandhi chose to intiate this process on 
election day by keeping the state of Punjab under 
maniallawand thereby nullifying the Sikh vote. Some 
reconciliation. 

* * * 

Monday and Tuesday, Secretary of State George 
Shultz and Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko 
met in Geneva to resume nuclear arms negotiations. 
The formal discussions between the two superpowers 
halted a year ago December when the Soviet delegation 
marched out of the meeting declaring that their 
counterpans were "unreasonable and unwilling to 
compromise." A new era of malicious propagandizing 
had begun and neither' side bothered to take any time 
to point out the realistic implications of the halt in 
negotiations for the time thereafter. 
They are: l)a continued waste of billions of dollars by 
scrapping highly expensive, outdated weapons; 2)the 
perpetual construction of new weapons that will be 
scrapped in the future; 3)greater waste by granting 
money to research institutions to study unfeasible 
defense systems. 

The intrinsic tragedy of the whole exercise is that 
while conSistently accelerating the arms buildup, both 
nations have completely ignored the grave universal 
dilemma of poverty and starvation. Sure, they send 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair designer, 

Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
for appointment, please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Or., Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(behind El Torito & Rodeo· directly across the ramp) 

some food and money when the media decides to play 
up this phenomena, but when the press goes on to 
more newsworthy "frontiers" the impoverished are left 
to rot away once more. 

What Mssrs Shultz and Gromyko should have been 
discussing is their nations' responsibility in the grossly 
mishandled agenda of priorities. The cost of one SS-20 
or MX missile could 'feed 100,000 starving children for 

""I !tillAr A 
VII, QUAlWT 

HON5IaRl INIlY70r£r 
/ AJIIXNPI 

'~\ 

an entire year. 

* * * 

It has been aired. Mark this on your calendar. On 
january 7, 1985, Orwell's literary concept of Newspeak 
materialized into a published reality as the White 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 ) 

BY GARAY TRUDEAU 

~---------------------------------, : JANUARY CONTACT SPECIAL I I 
(With this Coupon) I I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~;.-;;;"""~~~I SOFT LENSES EXTENDED WEAR : 
$9fcomplete* $199 complete* : 
INCLL.OES: 

Eye Exam 
One Pair of Lenses 
Hl!ndling Instructions 
Chemical (.ye Kit 
FoiloYrUp Visit 

UNlVERSrTY TOWNE CENTRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I OPJOMETRIC NEXT TO SEARS-CALl FOR APPOINTMENT 

I NOT GOOO WITH /'tN'( OTHER OFFER I 
I EXPRESS .53-3615 Expires 1/31/85 I L _________________________________ ~ 

Tired of Fighting for Pdrklng? 

You Can Win A RESERVED Parking Space. 
Cost: $1,00 each or 6 for $5.00, 

Tickets Available in the Third College 
Dean's Office and In front of the Cashier. 

Drawing January 18 



6 Thu rsday,Jan. 10, 1985 

Political notes 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 < 
House, spurred on by President Reagan's 
repeated complaints that his views and 
beliefs are being distorted by the press 
at large, has decided to launch its own 
"news service" to distribute presidential 
speeches and announcements. The 
White House hopes to establish its own 
market for the truly empirical service by 
soliciting small newspapers and radio 
stations around the country who are 
without a White House snoop of their 
own. 

Isn't it enough for our D.C. dilligents 
to control the reigns of power? 
Obviously nor, for this monumental act 
of indifference towards the effect of 
public criticism represents a new 
chapter in the ever-increasing 
subversion of the first Ammendment by 
this Administration. 

• • • Senator Ted Kennedy'S pilgrimage to 

South Africa this week had produced an 
interesting allegory. Wincing with anger 
and grief after his tour of Soweto , the 
black sister city of Johannesburg, 
Kennedy pleaded with South African 
Foreign Minister Roelof Botha to give 
his country's 24 million Blacks full 
political rights, and also to discontinue 
the forced resettlement program. Senator 
Kennedy's outcries were quickly 
d ispensed with, as this analogy by 
Botha exemplifies: "It would be naive 
ever tQ expect me and Senator Kennedy 
to reach common ground. He cannot 
even reach common ground with the 
Republicans of the United States, and 
the Republicans are to the left of us." 

Kennedy, in fact, is farther right than 
most Blacks in South Africa. You can 
imagine how the oppressed felt after 
they discovered that not even a small 
accord was reached with moderate Mr. 
Kennedy. 

H [;~[Q)[b~~la ~ 
COMPlETE HAIR CARE 

459-3195 
565 PEARl STREET, LA JOLLA 

$10 PRECISION HAIRCUT (REG. $18-$25) 
INQUDES SHAMPCX), CONDITIONER, CUT, SlYlE, 8l0lV DRY, IRON OR SET 

$25 PE~ENT WAVE (REG. $50) 
$15 MAKE'7""UP APPLICATION (REG. 520) 

$30 WAVING OR FROSTING (REG. $50) 
Gboo FOR AlL CUENTS. All OFFERS EXPIRE 1/21/85. 

Is life getting to be just the same old 
ilrab routine? 
Then maybe it's time to try 
something new and exciting .... 
Get involved today with 

~ Associated ~Students 
Internship 
~~"- '----./ Orflce 

"Work on a career-oriented, yet fun 
a spirited staff 

"Learn valuable eommunication 
skills a other business "know-how" 

"Make professional contacts 
--Gain public: relations U fund· 
raiSing experience 

»Improve your resume references 

STAFF ORIENTATION: Thursday, Jan. 10th 
7 pm, North Conference Rm., Student Center 

For more info., call 452-4689 or stop by our offi ce above the 
Game Room in the Student Center. 

We're open daily 9 am- 3 pm. 

Cannery Row 
( CONTlNUED FROM PAGE .. < 
would be wonderful in a new Scripps 
aquarium and museum. 

Other features definitely would not 
do. Many of the alluring windows were 
made of plexiglass, which is strong and 
relatively inexpensive, but scratches 
easily. With groups of 75 first graders 
running through an aquarium, you want 
something in the windows that does not 
sc ratch easily. With numerous large 
tanks, display space is limited. Museum 
space, necessary at 510 to display 
choice aspects of some of the more than 
200 research projects, was Limited at 
Monterey to some cannery eqUipment 
and a thick case with objects associated 
in some way with Ed "Doc" Ricketts , 
friend of John Steinbeck, both of whom 
would be either horrified or amused or 
both, at what Cannery Row has become. 
The bar and cafe are definitely out. 
Carpeting at SIO is nor a good idea. 

I3()Vli ~ 
I3~A[) 

(:(). 
• ............ alan of beliefs & findings for the fashion 

designer and bud 
worker. 

• Anttque buds from 
.RUId 1he wortd for 1he 
coIlecIDr. 

652 FIfth Ave., $lin Otego 
In Ihe GW'rFp ~ 

Mon.-SlIt. 10 Mt-S:lO pm 
696-ODI 

And the ve ry winy caption boards at 
Monterey, while JUSt fine for college 
educated patrons of the Pacific Ocean, 
would not be effective when read by a 
third grader. 

The Monterey Bay Aquarium is an 
attractive building, filled with attractive 
exhibits and many other features worth 
emulating in a Scripps aquarium and mu-
seum, but we don't need a carbon copy. 

Letters to the editor should be 
double- or triple-spaced and addressed 
to the Opinions Editor, The UCSD 
Guardian , 8-016, La Jolla, 92093. All 
submissions must include the authors 
phone number and signature; in special 
cases the name will be withheld upon 
request. The Guardian reserves the right 
to edit for clarity and space 
considerations. Deadlines are noon 
Friday for Monday editions, Tuesday for 
Thursday editions. 

1'recUIoII IIIfIIe aa (or _ '13 (. $18) 
ftec""",1f! em (or.a "0 (teg. $15) 

DlredIoIuII,.,.. '" (reg. $40) Sc .. """./tIII,. (",,, _) "" (teg. $f()) 
NMb~ W I'NIcIUf! '15(,.. $18) CellopllMf! $15 (reg. $25) 

OM IwHu ,.,., _ $lI (reg. $J5) 
ORe Ito!u _=. __ 125 (reg. ",5) 

$p«YbU III bl«lr IYir 
.4 full ~nHcf! _on 

7608 Un. lob,., Rd. (Iff!» CoIl. Dr. (K 16J) l68-Mfi5 
tte.. -'oil (fonrtf!rllJ u,kXu Cutting Co.) 7J7 Purl SL.u ,kXy 

.,6-1170 "56-1"15 

Specllls good with ad with ~l«tf!d sq,tlsts through 1124185 

z 
c 

~ 
;: 
€ 

.f 

Mlr'''''''1 \l.,\ 

7140 MlRMV',R RD., SAN DIEGO ONLYI 

('{\ 

NE~ 
• . .• ~ .... . ,...':' ~..~. ." .. .... '-:-', :+:.'. ~. '. . '-';.'" ,') :........ ." ... .,:;...,@; /. 

Upstarts anger bookstore 

Booksellers fight to stay on campus 
BySUZANNEUFSON 

AN ALTERNATIVE TO the campus bookstore is still a possibility for 
. UCSD stUdents. last fall quarter, 

UCSD undergraduates Ken Appel and 
two friends, Don Scheffler and Paul 
Martinelli, offered students their off-
campus KB Book service. KB Books is a 
legitimate operation with a valid 
business license and established credit 
accounts. Satisfying the logistic 
requirements demanded many personal 
contributions such as time, effort and 
money from the three students. 

KB Books sells students new 
textbooks at 10% less cost than the 
bookstore. Reasons for this are ' the low 
overhead the business carries, the low 
number of employees, the small orders 
and the concentration on more specific 
and demanded books. 

Appel states that their intentions are 
not to supercede the existing bookstore, 
but to offer students an alternative. The 
very nature of KB Books and the 
philosophy behind it are completely 
different than that of the bookstore. 

The categories of textbooks offered 
for the 1985 winter quarter are AMES, 
Bio, Chern, Econ , EECS, Math, Physics 
and Psychology. The textbooks are 
personally delivered lO the students. KB 
Books does not operate out of a car; 
rather, the vehicle is used as a means of 
transportation. Despite some skepticism 
expressed by staff as well as students, 
last fall quarter was a profitable 
endeavor for the three students. 

The success of KB Books prompted 
AS President Marc Boroditsky to offer 
them a sponsorship from AS funds. This 
sponsorship would legally allow KB 
Books to set u(l a stand on the Revelle 
Plaza. Boroditsky and the three parmers 
worked out a deal in which KB Books 
would give AS 8% of its profits in return 
for AS sponsorship. These profits would 
go back into AS funds. 

AS Vice President Mary Rose 
Alexander said that "sponsoring KB 
Books is an income project for AS. It is 
a business venture in which AS will not 
incur any liability and (is guaranteed) to 
make a minimum of $500." 

This agreement was approved by the 
AS Council and is presendy in need of 
the administration's approval. 

Both KB Books and AS feel that the 

service is a campus necessity. They leet 
that students deserve other options. 

AS officials said that °KB Books 
provides an altemative source to the 
bookstore for students.· 

AS and KB Books are also hoping that 
on-campus competition will hdp 
increase the quality of opel1ltion and 
responsiveness to students. Appel said 
that last quarter KB Books fulllBed 
numerous requests for textbooks for 
popular classes such as Math lA and 
lA. The books had been off the book-
shdves during the beginning of the new 
quarter for as long as one 10 two weeks. 

profit if it is ~ing to provide the 
special services it offers. 

These services include: extended 
hours of operation, reasonable return 
policies, special order books that are not 
srocked, specific graduate student 
supplies, Visa and M8Slercard services, 
certain scholarships and certain product 
lines, such as computers at discounted 
prices. In this latter incident, the 
bookstore is committed to buying a 
certain quantity, must put the money 
upfront and then it's tied up in 
invesonent. 

Another reason for the above average 

to KB Books using university facilities is 
that "two departments given the same 
responsibilities delude. the effectiveness 
of both." He also believes that 
"fracturing responsibilities within the 
university setting" will resuh in poor 
quality and more cOstly service overall. 
Mares stated that, "KB Books is not 
~ing to make it" In his opinion, its 
profit margin is too low to allow success. 
Mares is not opposed to competition, 
but he does feel that the long-tenn effect 
of KB Books will "damage the 
(bookstore) environment" 

It is important to note that the 
opposition to KB Books is nor towards 
the existence of the organization itself, 
but its existence in an on-campus 
location, such as the Revelle Plaza. One 
complication for KB Books could be that 
it is a for profit and gain enterprise. 

An AS official disclosed that "last 
quarter, KB Books sold almost 500 
books and its gross sales were $15,000." 
The AS president pointed out that a 
profit organization on-campus is 
against regulations and by-laws. The 
bookstore, however, is a non-profit 
organization. The surplus of funds it 
generates are put back into the 
bookstore . The bookstore is angered by 
the fact that KB Books may be allowed 
to use university facilities without 
having to pay for them, although KB 
Books would rum over a portion of its 
profits to AS, its legal sponsor. 

Entrtprmeur students Otft /0 ript) Ken Appt~ Don ShtJlla, Paul Martinelli and Matt 
exT ema "provide an altmJatiw ~ /0 tlte boolrstort. " 

The legalities involved are 
complicated, so it is difficult to predict 
the final decision. As mentioned, the 
next necessary approval lies in the 
hands of the administration. The 
decision is curremly being postponed. 
Appel, however, thinks that KB Books 
does meet the Policy and Procedure 
Manual guidelines. An important disputed issue is that 

the bookstore sells its books above list 
price. In a recent swvey conducted by 
AS and KB Books, randomly chosen 
textbooks prices were compared with 
the same textbooks in other California 
university bookstores. The study 
consistently showed UCSD's bookstore 
prices to be the highest. 

Paul Mares, UCSD bookstore general 
manager, had some answers for these 
survey resuhs. He points Olll that the 
bookstore "needs to generate a censin 

prices is to begin building a reserve for 
the new bookstore that will be situated 
in the new student center. Some 
stUdents are upset about this "silent" 
price increase for the purpose of a new 
bookstore that they may not be able to 
take advanlllge of. Mares does not see 
this as a valid argument. He said that 
consumers. in a broad sense, are 
expected to pay for certain present, as 
well as future, public operations and 
establishments. 

Mares stated that his main objection 

Appel said that the business' main 
goal is to make school more affordable 
for students as well as for his partners 
and himself. Appel, Schemer and 
Martinelli 11 want students to voice their 
opinions as to whether or nor the 
bookstore is meeting their needs and if 
students want KB 13c?0ks to have a place 
on campus. Appel added that with 
everything considered, his participation 
in KB Books has given him "invaluable 
experience." ~ 

.If you thought you could never 
make a difference, 
THINK AGAIN!! 

(Woodward and Bernstein had to start somewhere) 
WRITE NEWS 

FOR 
THE ' GUARDIAN 

The News Depamnent is offering an opponunity for all 
interested students to join its news team, Gain valuable 
journalistic savvy with no prior experience necessary. 

Come to our new writers' meeting Friday at 3 to find 
out more. 

Let the Guardian be your beginning! 



8 Thursday, Jan . 10, 1985 

Scripps scientist reevaluates theory 

Research throws cloud on greenhouse effect 
A METEOROLOGIST AT UCSD'S Scripps Institution of Oceano-graphy reports that studies based 
on newly devised climate models 
suggest that the potential wanning 
resulting from carbon dioxide 
accumulation in the atmosphere may be 
lessened by changes in cloud 
conditions. 

that COl buildup in the atmosphere 
could increase temperatures globally by 
as much as 5°F over the next 50 to 100 
years, and as much as 11°F over the 
next century or two. 

Dr. Richard Cj. Somerville, professor 
and head of the Climate Research 
Group at Scripps, has applied to the 
COl problem climate models that 
attempt to account for the influences of 
clouds on the greenhouse effect 

"The general climate models that have 
been applied to the Cal problem have 

atmosphere will cause more water in the 
atmosphere and denser clouds. This will 
cause more of the sun's rays to be 
reflected ofT thick clouds, thus acting 
like a thennostat, redUCing the surface 
and near-surface atmospheric wanning 
caused by COl. The result leads to 
estimates that the surface temperature 
change would be significantly reduced. 

"The cloud feedback might reduce the 
expected wanning over the next Century 
by as much as one half. However, this 
does not mean that we should consider 

the eanh, it may be beneficial, 
extending growing seasons in high 
latitudes; in other areas it may be 
harmful, disrupting growing seasons. A 
rise in sea levels from ice melt could 
present problems for many low-lying 
areas, though it is not expected to be 
catastrophic or sudden. 

A colorless and odorless gas, carbon 
dioxide, is absorbed by plants, exhaled 
by numans and animals and spewed 
into the atmosphere in vast quantities 
whenever fossil fuels such as coal and 
oil are burned. As it accumulates in the 
atmosphere, it can act much like a piece 
of greenhouse glass, allowing the sun's 
rays to pass through to the earth's 
surface, but hindering heat from 
escaping back into space. 

"The cloud feedback might reduce the expected 
wanning by as much as one half. However, this does not 
mean that we should consider the problem solved. II 

·Our climate models will only give us 
predictions of what greenhouse effects 
will be based on our understanding of 
the physics of climate, an area we do 
not fully comprehend. Each time we 
encounter improvements to the models, 
we make the prediction more 
trustWorthy," Somerville said. 

"We have plenty of time to do much 
more research, to monitor and 
understand changes as they occur, and 
to be vigilant: Somerville said. "Even 
though climate may be altered in the 
future from Cal accumulation, it is 
reassuring to remember that humans are 
very adaptable and that many things 
besides the environment will change 
within the next 100 years." 

For several years, scientists have 
suggested that increased levels of 
atmospheric carbon dioxide resulting 
from our industrialized society may 
cause a global wanning, commonly 
known as the "greenhouse effect." 

used rather crude estimates of the 
amount of clouds and their altitudes 
and optical properties: Somerville said. 
"What we are showing is that the 
increase in atmospheric COl may be 
accompanied by significant changes in 
cloudiness." Scientists at Scripps were the first to 

measure precisely the increasing 
concentration of atmospheriC COl, and 
they have been in the forefront of efforts 
to evaluate its potential effects, serving 
on several scientific assessment 
committees. The beSt estimates calculate 

The scenario of his model shows 
increased atmospheric Cal leading to 
brighter clouds that introduce a 
"negative feedback" into the climate 
wanning loop. His hypothesis is that a 
warmer and moister Cal-rich 

The home of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

~ 
-z UCl)Olfl1ld~m &{fo,,-

, \.,,1 111 ,1 R.i • 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
11...--"'~--------------------"'!II~~-..Jll ---ALLAMERICANMEAL---~~ 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

Quarter Pounder® with Cheese, Large Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink 

Limit on~ coupon pa 
,ustom~r , pC'r ViSit. PI~as~ 
p r ,·s ... nt co up o n wh ... n 
orderinll. Not valid With any 
other off,· r. 

c.l)h \,.IUI.' I lO u l I .. ,'r" II 

Just $1.99 11 
(plus ta:.;) II 
Only at: II 

7140 Miramar Rd. II t1N __ ~:;:'dl~~~98S 
--___ •• Iii 

S.nO;,,,, ~ 
_1 __ ,_iii ••• iii.iii 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates Medical Group's professionol concerned 
staff con give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Call today for on immediote 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• fAMILY PlANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAl GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

the greenhouse problem solved or that it 
has gone away," Somerville said . "This is 
a theoretical study with many 
idealizations and simplifications of 
atmospheric conditions. What we are 
saying is that the cloud factor in the 
COl problem needs to be better 
understood and taken into account in 
climate modeling." 

Somerville points out that there are 
numerous potentially serious, but not all 
negative, consequences to the 
greenhouse problem. In some parts of 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
is pan of the University of California 
San Diego. The Climate Research Group 
is an integral pan of a major 
multidiSCiplinary science effon at 
Scripps studying global atmospheric and 
oceanic climate conditions. ~ 

IF YOU HAVE 
Ide •• , lugse.tlon., 

hot news tips, food, etc. 

LET US KNOW!I 
The Guardian is your student newspaper, 

and we want your input. Drop by and talk to us 
(we're located next to the Che Cafe) or give usa call 
at 452-3468. Then see your ideas put into action: Or 
at least see your food consumed. 

CON~DER----------~ 
STUDYING ABROAD 
NEXT YEAR IN. .. 

Australia, Austria, Brazil, China, 
Egypt, France, Germany, Hong Kong, 

India, Israel, Italy, Japan, 
Kenya, Mexico, Norway, Peru, 

Spain, Sweden, Taiwan 
West Africa, United Kingdom, and USSR, 

Important Infonnation Session 
with slides, film and returnees to answer question 

*EARN U.c. CREDITS 
*ANANCIAL AID AVAIlABLE 
Wednesday, Januaty 16 

7 pm, UCSD International Center 
Application Deadline: January 25th 
For more inlurmation , call 452-3730 

EDUCATION ABROAD PROGRAM 

Thursday, .Jail. 10, 198.5 9 
NE~ 

. . ~.,. ~~.:-;x , ... ~ %"-: • ;.;-: • • , v ~ , JE. 

Calls plague 
students 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

Campus Police are warning all female 
on-campus residents to beware of an 
obscene phone call scam that has 
caught at least 30 female students ofT-
guard in the last six months. 

Graduate 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
was well grounded in educational 
philosophy and communication 
theoretics." According to Lynn Harris, 
the Assistant to the chair of the 
Academic Senate, the proposal was very 
well received and passed easily when 
PUt to a vote in the Senate. 
The Communication Department 
expects to stan graduate classes fall 
quaner 1985 and, according to Griffin, 
the depanment was just notified that 
they could begin accepting students on 
a provisional basis for next fall. No more 
than five Ph.D. candidates will be 
accepted. 

The caller identifies himself as either 
a member of Campus Police or as an 
officer of the San Diego Police 
Depanmem and claims he is 
investigating a series of sequential 
obscene phone calls. He then explains 
that her number is due to receive a call 
within the next half hour or so, and 
asks her to assist in the investigation by 
remaining on the line for the duration 
of the call so that the police may trace 
it. The individual calls back and asks a 
series of lewd questions before the 
unsuspecting victim realizes that both 
callers are the same man: 

Sergeant Bob Jones of Campus Police 
says that although an official police 
investigation might use a similar 
procedure, there is one method to 
distinguish between the police and the 
obscene caller pretending to be an 
officer: "We may contact individuals 
during the course of an investigation, 
but standard police prcedure in almost 
all malters is to identify oneself and 
then ask that the other person call them 
up at headquaners to ensure the caller 
and eliminate all doubts." 

Front-page error 
delays phone books 

According to Griffin, the necessary 
approvals for the program are expected 
before the end of 1985, at which time 
the students would be taken ofT 
provisional status. 

"At this point in time, (no students) 
have officially applied: said Griffin . 

The requirements for admission as 
expressed in the depanment's written 
proposal include a solid historical 
understanding of the nineteenth and 
twentieth centuries. previous study in a 
related field such as psychology, visual 
arts, or political science and proficiency 
in two languages, one of which may be _ 
a visual medium, such as photography 
or film. GPA and admission test scores 
will also be evaluated. 

Another tip-ofT, according to Jones, is 
that "the suspect usually calls very early 
in the morning around 6 a.m. That 
ought to warn victims immediately that 
it is not really the police." 

Apprehending the suspect has proven 
difficult because the calls are random 
and the caller never calls the same girl 
twice, thus escaping the only me~ns 
police have to trace obscene calls. 

There "is no threat whatsoever from 
this guy-we've never had a follow up 
incident occur-this is JUSt some kook 
who gets his kicks ofT of obscene phone 
calls," he said . ~ 

Thousands of new telephone 
directories, incorporating student, 
departmental and faculty listings for the 
first time, have had their distribution 
delayed due to a gross spelling error-
on the front cover. 

A few of the books were distributed 
throughout the bookstore before 
sorr 'eone complained that the name 
unuer a photo of Richard Fleischner's 
"La Jolla Project #3" was Robert 
Fleishman. The distribution of the 
remaining books was halted to correct 
the problem. 

Small stickers with the anist's correct 
name are currently being affixed to the 
books, after which they will be sent to 
thei r usual ci rculation po i nts. 

According to Jane Fanner of 
Telecommunications Services, the new 
directories are the result of several years 
of negotiations and were finally made 
possible by heavy advertising sales for 

MORE THAN A COMICS STORE!!! 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Japanese models &,toys 

The Comic ~allery 
422A Balboa Ave., Son Diego, CA 92117 

(corner of Balboa & Clalremont Dr.) 
- Next to Food Basket -

(619) 483·4853 
Copynghl C 1984 Marvel ComICs Group All n!lhts raserved 
SPIDE R-MAN 1 .. and t 198. Marvel ComtCs Group 

the "yellow pages" section in the back. 
In past years, student and faculty 

directories were separate, with only the· 
student directories self-supported by 
advenising. The student books were free 
while the faculty books, last year for 
example, cost 52.50. 

Combining the two books has not 
only eliminated for more than one 
directory but reduced their combined 
COSt to nill, according to Harvey 
Campbell of Telecommunications. 

Once the changes have been made in 
the books, they will be made available in 
aU the usual locations. 

Oniy two other campuses in 
California offer a Ph.D. in 
communication, Annenburg at the 
Universiry of Southern California and 
Stanford University. Including the 
University of Washington and the 
Universiry of Utah, there are only four 
campuses offering PhDs in 
communication west of the Rockies. 

Students can pick up a free copy of 
the book in EDNA some time next 
week. 

The books will also be available in the 
bookstore, but will cost a dollar. 
Campbell said the charge is to cover the 
cost of bookstore employee labor to 
handle the books. 

The Communication Department is 
planning to hire twO new faculty 
members by the fall of 1985 in order to 
accomodate the rapid groWth of the 
undergraduate depanment and the· 
implementation of the graduate division. 

According to the proposal , the 
department expects to have increased 
the number of graduate students to 20 

- Sean Waptaff after five years. E'a 

• a unique 
opportunity 

for 
Fisheries 

- Biologinl Science & Chemistry -
~jors/Minors 

' . . 

For you and Ihe world ilSelf. As a Pea~e Corps volun-
leer, you can PUI your degree 10 work at a challeng-
ing. demanding and unique opportunity. You' ll be 

meelin~ new people, learning a new language. ex· 
perienclng a new culture and saining a whole new 
outlook. lind while you' re build'ngyour luture, you·1I 
help people in developing counlnes through fish· 
eries projects, including fish pond construction and 
maintenance, pond stocking, management and har-
vesling lechniques, fishing cooperative lormation 
and markeling lechniques and introducing fish as a 
high prolein source lor local diets. The financial re-
warlls may not be great but as a Peace Corps volun· 
teer your opportunity for growth is certain. 

PEN:E CORPS REClMTERS ON CAMPUS 
Information Booth at the Hump 
January 16, 17, 22 & 23, 11am-1pm 
FR££ FILM 
.January 22 & 23 at 12 noon & 3pm 
Revelle Informal Lburse 
INmMEWS 
Thursday, January 21 
50gn up In /IdII"nce lit CllIeer P",nn'ng & PI",ementCtr 

•• " 



The Eternal Hitchhiker 
By KIM STANLEY ROBINSON 

Editor's nott: The hand of an artist 
sketches pen and ink dots and dashes 
across a ont-dimensional plant of paper to 
map out a two·dimensional visual ima).!f of 
a person 's features which reveal some 
essence of that individual. The hand of a 
novelist scribes similar dots and dashes 
attempting the more difficult task of 
creating a believable three-dimensional 
mental image where we encounter new 
people and circumstances. The fourth· 
dimensional leap into fu ture or alternate 
realities is the creative chaUenge of Kim 
Stanley Robinson, a science fiction writer 
presenting a course on The Evolurion of 
M'odem American Science Fiction this 
quarter. 

Many courses and professors have betn 
characterized as unique opportunities for 
students, yet few are specifically unique for 
UCSD students. Like an artist drawing an 
outline of an Individual for a portrait, it is 
easy to recognize why Robinson and his 
course will develop mto a recognizable and 
interesting image for students to ponder. 
Robinson has drawn upon his 
undergraduate and graduate UCSD 
apenence; his first novel takes place in and 
around our campus (The Wild Shore); he 
studied here with science fiction writer 
Ursula K. LeGuin (Left Hand of 
Darkness-course book); his UCSD 
doclOrtol dissertation explored the writim~s 
of Phillip K. Dick (The Man in High Castle-
course book); and he is.friends with former 
UCSDj hYSiCS graduate student Gregory 
Benfon (Timescape-course book based 
on UCSD in its fi rst years). 

Robinson begins his classes by pointing 
out that people read science fic tion 
literature not for social credit but for a pure 
affectation towards the literature, to add 
another dimension to their lives, and, as 
Samuel Johnson said, "Can it be put to 

} " use. 
Now that this outline has been drawn, 

the fuller dimensions of Robinson and his 
value for the student can best be fi lled in 
with this short slOry excerpl from The 
W ild Shore: 

"let's h~ve a story," Rebel Simpson 
said. 

"Yes, teU us one, Tom," Mando said . 
The others joined me around the fire , 

and we sat in a semi-circle sipping and 
contemplating, the kids daning to adjust 
fire fly rwigs in the coals. All agreed Tom 
should tell a story. He rocked in his 
outdoor rocking chair that threatened to 
flop backwards on every rock, and 
cleared his throat and grumbled about 
what work it would be. Patiently we 
waited him out, faces ruddy before the 
blaze. 

"Tell us Johnny Pi necone," Rebel 
pleaded. "I want to hear Johnny 
Pinecone ." 

I nodded at that [t was one of my 
favori te things , to hear how in the last 
seconds of the old time Johnny had 
stumbled on one of the hidden atom 
bombs in the back of a Chevy van, and 
had thrown himself on it like a Marine 
on a grenade, to use Tom's expression, 
hoping to protect his fellow citizens 
from the blast-how he had survived in 
the bubble of still air at ground zero, but 
been blown miles high and rearranged 
by cosmic rays, so that when he floated 
down like a eucalyptus leaf he was 
loony as Roger, and immortal as well. 
And how he had hiked up into the San 
Bemardmo Mountains and up San 
GorgonlO, and gathered pinecones and 
taken them back to the coastal plains , 
planting them on every new riverbank 
"to put a cloak of green over our poor 
land's blasted nakedness"-back and 
forth . back and fonh for yea r after year 

after year, until the trees sprang up and 
blanketed the counttyside, and Johnny 
sat down under a redwood growing like 
Jack's beanstalk and fell asleep, where 
he snores to this day, waiting for the 
time when he's needed again. 

It was a fine story. But others objected 
that Tom had told it last season. "Don't 
you know more than three stories, 
Tom?" Steve ragged him. "Why don't 
you ever tell us a new one? Why don't 
you ever tell us a story about the old 
time?" 

Tom gave him his mock glare and 
hacked. Rafael and Cov chimed in with 
Steve. "Give us one about you in the old 
time: I sucked rum and watched him 
closely. Would he do it this time? He 
looked a touch worn and out of sons. 
He ~nced at me, and I think he 
recalled our argument after the meeting, 
when I told h im how great he always 
made America seem to us. 

"Okay," he decided. "I'll give you a 
story of the old time. But I warn you, 
nothing fancy. This is just something 
that happe ned ." 

We settled back on our stumps and 
in our rain-warped chairs, satisfi ed. 

"Well," he said, "back in the old time 
I owned a car. God's truth. And at the 
time of this story I was driving that car 
from New York [0 Aagstaff. A drive li ke 
that would take about a week, if you 
hunied . 1 was near the end of the trip, 
on Highway Forty in New Mexico. It 
was about sunset, and a s[Orm was 
coming. Big black douds looked like a 
wave rolling oil the Paci fic, pale blue sky 
still above and behind me, and the land 
below was desen floor littered with 
mesas. Nothing on it but shrubs and the 
rwo lines of the road. Ghost country. 

"First thmg I nOticed was rwo 
sunbeams breaking over the tOj:) of the 
cloud front. You've seen that happen , 
but these rwo were like beacons, fanning 
OUt to left and right of me, like signs of 
some SOrt JUSt thmk of those 
sunbeams-they had come that close to 
the earth" (holding up thumb and 

A UCSD graduate 
returns to lecture on 

The Evolution of Modem 
American Science Fiction 

forefinger) "and yet missed, so they 
would proceed on all the way across the 
universe. But first they gave me a sign. 

"Second thing that happened, the old 
Volvo puffed over a big rise , and a sign 
on top said Continaltal Divide. I should 
have known. Before the downslope 
there was a hitchhiker by the side of 
the road. 

"Now at the time I was a lawyer, and I 
valued my . solitude. For a whole week 1 
d idn't have to talk, and I liked that. 
Even though I owned a car I had 
hitchhiked in my time , and I had 
known me hitchhiker's despair, made of 
a whole bunch of little disappointments 
in humanity, slowly adding up. And it 
was about to rain , too. But I still didn't 
want [0 pick this guy up, so as I drove 
by I was kind of looking oil to the left 
so I wouldn't have to meet his eye. Bur 
that would have been cowardice . So at 
the last second I looked at him. And 
believe me the moment I recognized 
him I put the car on the shoulder and 
skidded over the gravel to a halt. 

"That hitchiker was me. He was me 
myself." 

"Oh you liar," Rebel said . 
"I'm not lying! That's whal it was like 

in the old time. 1 mean to tell you, 
stranger th ings than th.lt happened 
every day. So let me get on wi th it. 

"Anyway. We both knew it, th is guy 
and me. W e weren 't just lookalikes, like 
the ones friends tell you about and then 
you meet them and they don't look 
anything like you. This guy was the one 
I saw in the mirror every morning when 
I shaved. He was even wearing an old 
windbreaker o f mine . 

"I got out of the car, and we sta red at 
eac h other. 'So who are you?' he said, in 
a voice I recognized from tape 
recordmgs of myself. 

"Tom Barnard : I said . 
"'Me too: says he. 
"We stared at each other. 
" ow as 1 said , at this time I was a 

lawyer. workmg winters III New York 
Ci ty 0 I was a pretty slight little guy, 
with a bit of a gul. The other Tom 

Barnard had been doing physical work, 
I could tell; he was bigger, tough and fit, 
with a beard starting and a dark 
weathered color [0 his skin. 

'''Well, do you want a ride?' I said. 
What else could I say? He nodded a bit 
heSitantly, picked up his backpack and 
walked [0 my car. 'So the Volvo is still 
hanging in there: he said. We got in. 
And the two of us sitting there, side by 
side in the car, made me feel so strange 
1 could hardly start the engine. Why, he 
had a scar on his arm where I once fell 
out of a tree! It was [00 uncanny. But I 
tnok oil down the road anyway. 

"Well , sitting there silent gave us both 
the willies, and we staned [0 1J!1k. Sure 
enough, we were the same Tom 
Barnard. Born in the same year to the 
same parents. By comparin~ pasts all 
through the years we quickly fOUlld the 
time we had separated or broken in two 
or whatever. One September five years 
before, I had gone back to New York 
Ciry, and he had gone [0 Alaska. 

"'You went back to thefirm?' he 
asked. With a wince I nodded. I had 
thought of going to Alaska, I 
remembered , after my work with the 
Navaho Council was done, but it hadn't 
seemed prac tical. And after much 
deliberation I had returned to New York. 
[n the end we p inned down the 
moment exactly: the morning I left for 
New York, driving before sunrise in the 
raw dawn silence, there was a moment 
getting on Highway Forty when 1 \ 
could n't remember if the onramp was a 
si mple left tum , or a cloverleaf circle to 
the right; and while I was still thinking 
about it I came to, already on the 
freeway headed east . The same thing 
had happened to my double , only he 
had gone west. '1 always knew this rar 
was magical: he said . T here's rwo of it , 
too-but I sold mine in Seattle : 

"Well - there we were. The storm 
crashed over us, and we drove through 
li ttle nurnes of rain . Wi nd pushed the 
car around . After a time we got over our 
amazement, and we talked and talked. I 
told him what 1 had done In the la t 

five years- mostly lawyering- and he 
shook his head like I was crazy. He told 
me what he had done, and it sounded 
great. Fishing in Alaska, mapping rivers 
in the Yukon, collecting animal 
skeletons for the fish and game 
service- hard work, out in the world. 
How his stories made me laugh! And 
from him 1 heard my laugh like other 
people heard it, and it only made me 
laugh the harder. What a crazy howl! 
Has it ever occurred to you that other 
people see you in the same way you see 
them, as a coll£ction of appearances and 
habits and actions and words-that 
they never get to see your thoughts, to · 
kno~ how wonderful you really are? So 
that you seem as strange to them as 
they all appear to you? Well, that night' 
got to look at myself from the outside, 
and he sure was a funny guy. 

"But the life he had lived! As we 
drove on, it gave me a sinking feeling in 
my stomach. See, he had lived a life 
right close to the one I had imagined 
living, there every winter in my little 
New York apartment. My life there-
well, it was just Sitting in boxes, one 
after the next, and watching people talk 
or talking myself. That was my life. But 
this Tom! He had gone and done what I 
wanted to do. And he didn't know what 
the rest of his life was going to be like, 
laid out for him like the road in front of 
us. I realized that I loved my cross-
country drives because I crossed 
country- that during the times when I 
wished that 1 could tum the car around 
in New Mexico and head back to New 
York, there to tum and come west 
again , and keep on like that, as if the 
Volvo were on a pendulum hanging 
from the North Pole-it was because I 
wanted to stay in the country, to be out 
in it. I began to feel the emptiness of 
my life, the emptiness I had felt when I 
looked in the shaving mirror in my 
apartment in New York, looking at the 
lines under my eyes and thinking I 
could have lived a different life , I could 
have made it better. 

"I gOt to feeling so low that eventuany 
I suggested to my double that maybe I 
was no more than a hanucination he 
was having. It seemed to make sense. 
He had made the strong choice, I the 
weak-didn't it make sense that I was 

. no more than a ghost come to haunt 
him, a vision of what would have 
happened if he had made the mistake 
of returning to New York? 

"'I don't think so: he answered. 'It's 
likelier I'm a hallucination of yours , that 
you stopped and picked up along the 
way. You'd have to be a hell of a 
hallucination to fcny me an the way 
across New Mexico, after all. No, we're 
both here all right.' He punched me 
lightly in the arm, and the spot he hit 
got very warm. 

"'I guess we're both here: I admitted. 
'But how?' 

"There was too much of us for any 
one body to hold! he said. That was 
why we had trouble sleeping.' 

"'I still get Insomnia: I said. And I 
knew why- I had lived my life wrong, I 
had chosen to live in boxes. 

"'Me too: he said, surprising me. 
'Maybe from sleeping on the ground so 
much. But maybe from living such a life 
as mine: For a moment he looked as 
discouraged as 1 felt. He said, 'I don't 
feel like I'm doing anything real 
sometimes, 'cause no one else does. I'm 
against the grain , I guess. It can cut into 
your sleep all right. 

"So he had his troubles too. But they 
sounded like nothing compared to 
mine. He was healthier and happier 
than I, surely. 

'The storm picked up and I put on 
the windshield wipers, adding their 
squeak to the hum of the engine and 
the hiss of the wet tires. Our headlights 
lit up gusts of rain , and on the other 
road trucks trailing long plumes of spray 
roared by, going east. We put 
Beethoven's Third on the tape deck; the 
second movement was up, sounding like 
noises made by the storm. We sat 
and listened to it, and talked about 
when we were a kid. 'Do you remember 
this?' 'Oh, yeah: 'Do you remember 
that?' 'Oh man, I never wanted anyone 
else to find out about that : And so on. It 
\:Vas pretty friendly, but it wasn't 
comfortable. We couldn't talk about our 

different lives anymore , because there 
was something wrong there , a tension, a 
disagreement even though neither of us 
was satisfied. 

"It was staning to rain harder, and 
the car was buffeted hard by wind. Very 
little was visible outside the cones of 
light from the headlights- the black 
mass of the eanh, the black clouds 
above. The march from the second 
movement, music grander than you folks 
can imagine, poured out of the 
speakers, matching the storm stroke for 
stroke. And we talked and laughed , and 
we filled with feeling and howled and 
pounded on the roof of the car, 
overwhelmed by all that was 
happening- because the two of us 
being there meant we were special, you 
see. It meant we were magical. 

"But right in the middle of our 
howling ille Volvo sputtered, at the top 
of another rise. I pressed on the gas, but 
the engine died. I coasted ontO the 
shoulder and tried to start it. No luck. 
'Sounds like water in the distributor: my 
double said. '~idn't you ever get that 
fixed?' 

"I admitted I hadn't. After some 
discussion we decided to try and dry it 
off. That wasn't going to be easy, but it 
beat sitting in the car all night. We got 
out our ponchos, and luckily the rain 
diminished to a steady falling mist. By 
the time I got my poncho on, my 
companion had the hood up and was 
leaning over the engine. He had a small 
flashlight in one hand, and was pulling 
at the distributor with the other. , 
reached in and three Barnard hands 
went to work on it, taking the 
distributor cap all, pulling it apart, 
drying it, getting everything back 
together dry . My double ran to get a 
plastiC bag, while 1 hunched over the 
engine, feeling its warmth, my poncho 
extended like a cape. My double 
returned-we were working at 
emergency speed, you understand-and 
he leaned over the engine, and then all 
four of our hands were working on the 
distributor with uncanny coordination. 
When we were done clamping it down 
he dashed to the driver's seat and 
staned the engine. It caught and ran, 
and he revved it. We had fIXed it! As I 
closed the hood my double got out of 
the car grinning. 'All right!' he cried, 
and slapped my hand, and suddenly he 
leaped up and spun in the air, howling 
out the vowel-y Navaho chant we had 
learned as a boy- and there I was 
spinning with him, Swirling my poncho 
out like a Hopi dancing cape, screaming 
my lungs out. Oh it was a strange sight, 
the two of us dancing in front of that 
car, on that high ridge, hollering and 
spinning and stomping in puddles, and 
I felt-oh there isn't the word for the 
way I feh at that moment, truly. 

"The rain had stopped. On the 
horizon to the south little lines of 
lighming Dashed from low clouds into 
the earth. We stood side by side and 
watched them, rwo or three every 
second. No thunder. 

"'My life feels like this: one of us 
said, but I wasn't sure who. And my 
right arm was hot, where it touched his 
left ann. ( looked at it-

"And saw our arms met to enter a 
single hand. We were becomming one 
again. But it was a lefl hand-his hand. 
Then I noticed our legs came down to 
the same boot, a right boot. My foot. 

"On the forearm wavering between us 
I could make out the reddish tissue 
connecting our a rms, like bum-scar 
tissue. And I could feel the hot pulling 
and plucking. We were melting together! 
Already we shared part of the upper 
arm, and soon we would be joined at 
the shoulder like Siamese twins, and I 
felt the same burning in my right leg. 
oh, our time was up! First arms and 
legs, then torso then heads! 

"' looked in his face and saw my 
mirror image, rwisted with horror. 1 
thought, that's what I look like, that's 
who I am, our time is over. Our eyes 
met. 

" 'PUU,' he said. 
"We pulled. He grabbed the fender 

with his right hand , and I stepped out 
with my left foot, trying for traction in 
the muddy gravel. I leaned out and 
pulled like 1 had never pulled before. 
That foreann stuc k out between us like a 

claw. We gasped and grunted and 
pulled, and the scar tissue above the 
elbow burned, and stretched, and gave 
us back a little of our arms. It was as 
painful as if' held ontO something and 
deliberately tried to pull my arm off. But 
it was working. We both had elbows of 
our own now. 

"'Hold on tight: 1 gasped, and dove 
for the road! Boom! Rip! - an instant of 
agony, and I crashed onto wet asphalt. 1 
pushed myself up with both hands. My 
feet were both there. 1 shook my right 
hand violently, grabbed my right boot. I 
was whole again. 

"I looked at my double. He was 
leaning against the car, holding his left 
forearm in his right hand, shaking. 
Seeing it I felt my own trembling. He 
was staring at me with a furious 
expression, and for a second 1 thought 
he would attack me. For a second I had 
a vision, and saw him leap on me and 
pummel me, fists sinking into me and 
never coming out, so that we struggled 
and bit and kicked :md melded into 
each other with every blow, until we 
became a single figure hitting itself, 
prone on the gralld, jerking and 
twitching. 

"But that was a vision I had. In 
actuality, he shook his head hard, his 
lip curled into a bitter look. 

"'I'd better go: he said . 
"Said I, 'I think you better.' As I got to 

my feet he walked to the passenger 
door, and got his backpack out. He 
pulled his poncho off to get the pack on 
his back. 

"'Back to home for you, eh Thomas?' 
he said. There was contempt in his 
voice, and suddenly 1 was angry. 

"'And you can hit the road again: I 
said . 'And I'm glad to see you go. You 
had me feeling like my whole life was a 
mistake, like you did it right and ( did 
it wrong. But I'm not doing it wrong! I'm 
living with people the way a human 
being should and you're just taking the 
escape, wandering the road. You'll bum 
out quick enough: 

"He glared at me, and said, 'You've 
got me wrong, brother. I'm trying to live 
my life the best 1 know how. And I'm 
nor going to bum out, ever.' He put his 
poncho back on. 'You take the name: 
he said , 'I don't know if we live in the 
same world or not, but someone might 
notice. So you keep the name. I have 
the feeling you're the real Tom Barnard, 
anyway.' 

"So we had traded curses. 
"He looked at me one last time. 'Good 

luck: he said. Then he walked away 
from the road, up the ridge. Through 
the mist, under that poncho, he looked 
inhuman. But I knew who he was. And 
as I watched him fade into the dark and 
the shrubs my spirit sank, and 1 was 
filled with despair. That was my own 
self disappearing there; 1 was watching 
my own true self walk away in the rain. 
No one should have to watch that. 

"When I couldn't Stt him anymore I 
drove off in a ·panic. Creaks in the car 
made me jump into the steering wh~, 
and I was too scared to look back and 
see what it was. 1 drove faster and 
faster, and prayed the distributor would 
stay dry. The vaneys of east Arizona 
rolled on and on, and for the first time, 
I think, 1 realized how gigantic the 
country really was. I couldn't stop 
thinking of what had happened. Things 
we had said seemed to ring aloud in the 
air. I wished that we had had more 
time-that we had parted friends- that 
we had allowed the joining to take 
place! Why were we so afraid of 
wholeness? But I was afraid; the fear of 
that union washed over me, and I drove 
ever faster, as if he might be running 
down the highway after me, wet and 
exhausted, miles behind." 

Tom coughed a few times, and stared 
into the fire, remem~ring it. We 
watched him open mouthed. 

"Did you ever see- him again?" Rebel 
asked anxiously. That broke the spell 
and most of us laughed, including Tom. 
But then he frowned at her and 
nodded. 

"Yes, 1 did see him again. And more 
than that." 

We settled back; the older folks, who 
had heard this story before, 1 guessed, 
looked surprised. 

Th ursday, Jan. 10. 1985 11 

"It was several years later when I next 
saw him; you'll know what year 1 mean. 
I was still a lawyer, older and slouchier 
and tubbier than ever. That was life in 
the old time- the years in the boxes 
took it all OUt of you fast: At that point 
Tom looked at me, as if to make sure I 
was listening. "It was a stupid life really, 
and that's why ( can't see it when 
people talk about fighting to get back to 
that. People back then struJUded at jobs 
in boxes so they could rentboxes and 
visit other boxes, and they spent their 
whole lives running in boxes like rats. 1 
was doing it myself, and it made no 
sense. 

"Part of me knew that it made no 
sense, and I fought back in a weak son 
of way. At this time 1 was out west 
doing that again , hiking a little. I 
decided to hike to the top of Moum 
Whimey, the tanest mountain in the 
United States. Weak as I was it was a 
killer task just to get up that ten mile 
trail, but after a couple days' hard work 1 
made it Mount Whitney. Right before 
sunset, this was-again-so that I was 
the only person on the peak, which was 
rare . 

"So I was walking around the top, 
which was broad, nearly an acre. The 
trail goes up the west side, which is 
nice and gradual. But the eastern face is 
almost sheer, and looking down it into 
the shadows made me feel funny. Then 
( noticed a climber. He was coming up 
that sheer face alone, up one of the 
cracks in the face. Old John Muir had 
climbed the face alone like that, but he 
was crazy for nsks, and few climbers 
since had exposed themselves to such 
danger. It made me dizzy to look at this 
guy's exposure , but I watched all the 
same, naturally. As he got higher he 
kept looking up , and at one point he 
saw me and waved. And I felt funny. 
The closer he got the more familiar he 
looked. And then I recognized him. It 
was my double , in climbing gear and full 
beard, looking as strong an animal as 
you could ask for. And there on that 
granite face! 

"Well , I thought about hightailing it 
down the trail, but at one point when 
he looked up at me, I saw [hat he 
recognized me too, and I realized we 
would have to say hello. Or something. 
So I waited . 

"It seemed to go on forever, the last 
pan of the climb, and him in mortal 
danger the whole time. But when he 
crawled over the tOp, the sun was still 
over that distant western horizon , out 
over the Pacific way out there in the 
haze. He stood up , and walked toward 
me. A few feet away he stopped and we 
stared at each other wordlessly, in an 
amber glow of light like you only get in 
the Sierras at dusk. There didn't seem 
anything to say, and it was like we were 
frozen . 

"And then it happened." Here Tom's 
voice took on a hoarse, harsh qualiry, 
and he leaned forward in his lame 
chair, stopping its rocking, and stared 
into the fire refusing to look at any of 
us. He hacked three or four coughs and 
spoke rapidly: :The sun was about half 
an orange ball lying out on the horizon, 
and-and one bloomed beside it, and 
then a whole bunch of others, up and 
down the California coast. Fifty suns an 
strung out and glowing for sunset The 
mushroom bans as tall as us, and then 
taller. Little haloes of smoke s·- '-xI 
each column. It was the day .1<5. It 
was the end. 

"I saw what it was, and th 'n I knew 
what it was; I turned to loo~ at my 
double , and saw he was crying. He 
moved to my side and we held hands. 
So simple. We melted together as easy 
as that- as easy as agreeing to. When 
we were done, 1 was up there aU alone. 1 
remembered both of my pasts, and felt 
my brother's strength. The mushroom 
clouds blew toward me, coming on a 
cold wind. Oh I felt an alone, believe 
me, shivering and watching ~hat horrible 
sight-but I felt, wen ... healed 
somehow, and ... Oh, I don't know. I 
don't know. 1 got down 01I of there 
somehow." 

Kim Stanley Robinson 's Gen,rul 
Literature 164 class is still open and meets 
Tuesday and Thursday 2:)0·3:50 pm in 
APM 2402. 



Books and calculators set aside 
for a night of glorious pizzaz 

By MICHAEL GREENBERG 

I rs UCSD'S SUPER BOWL. It is probably the most exciting event that occurs on the campus throughout 
the calendar year, with the possible 
exception being graduation 
ceremonies-and that is debatable-
where one can experience the same 
type of pizzaz and enthusiasm that will 
accompany the 4gers and Dolphins on 
January 20. 

For one night a year, UCSD students 
put down their books and shut ofT their 
computer terminals to convene in TritOT 
Pavilion for what is appropriately titled 
"Splli t ight." Tomorrow evening's 8 prr 
battle between little Rhode Island 
Collet.;e (4-3) and UCSD (8-6) will 
unde <.tbtedly offer casual fans the 
opportunity to wimess college basketbal: 
in all 'ts splendor. It will not just be a 
contest between twO academically 
mind ,'d institutions mired in the 
obscurity of Division Ill, but a hard-
fought name-calling grudge match 
pitting East against West. 

Two years ago it was Bobby 
Goodman , UCSD's All-American point 
guard, dribbling the length of the floor, 
beating three beleaguered Fresno Pacific 
defenders in his path, and scoring as 
the buzzer sounded, giving the Tritons a 
one-point victory and igniting a massive 
celebration from inside the sold-out 
Pavil:un. 

Point Lorna was welcomed by a nasty 

UCSD center Mike Dabasmsltas has a 
,.andlc on thmgs. 

crowd and a ferocious Triton defense at 
last year's Spirit Night affair. But the 
Crusaders played well throughout, 
matching UCSD's (seldom referred to) 
home-court advantage by bringing along 
their marching band . However, the 
combative Triton spectators drowned 
out the band in the second half, and 
Point Lorna succumbed in overtime. 
Two victories in the last two Spirit 
Nights which sported the largest and 
most boisterous crowds ever to attend 
UCSD basketball. Coincidences? 
Probably not. 

What is it about these occasions that 
makes life outside the Pavilion 
insignificant for at least a few hours? It 
sure isn't loyalty, since none of the 
Triton teams draws well conSistently 
despite their continued success. Is it an 
apathetic outlook towards sports in 
general that causes the student body to 
overlook or deprioritize UCSD athletics? 
But then, how come the reservation lists 
for those routine field tri ps to Pad re 
games in September (where it costs $10 
for a hot dog and a reserve seat in the 
third deck) fill up as quickly as bio-
chern sections? Could it be that students 
like to cheer and root for their 
respective colleges and Spirit Night gives 
them ample opportunity to congregate 
for such a cause once a year? Each 
college is placed in a comer of the 
Pavilion, where they then proceed to 
incite the other closest to them to cheer 
louder. Maybe the fans don't even care 
about the outcome of the game, but like 
the feeling of being with their preferred 
block of habitants. After all, it's not 
considered "a big deal" to attend a 
sporting event on campus, but one turns 
into a "geek" if one doesn't , heaven 
forbid , suppOrt one's college with the 
utmost conviction . Fan participation is 
prevalent' at some UCSD contests , but 
displaying college loyalty in front of 
1,000 wimesses is of a higher order. 
Muirites are proud of their school and 
are happy to iUustrate that point to 
Revellus anytime. Unfortunately, since 
graduation ceremonies are not split into 
four days instead of one, the only time 
of year when the folks from Warren can 
show that those from Third are second 
or, excuse me , "Third" class , is Spirit 
Night. 

At least now the intentions of those 
in attendance tomorrow night will be 
well known . 

TRITON HOOP-LAM: Brandon Nixon 
leads the Tritons in scoring at 16.6 ppg. 
However, UCSD is displaying 
uncharacteristic balanced scoring from three 
other starters who are all In double figures. 
Marc Barreca (14 .6 ppg), Greg Kamanshy 
(1 2.2) and Mine Dabasinshas ( 10 5) 
compnse the most mlAlU-dlmenslOnal Tnton 
team IrI rece nt memory NIXon IS shooting a 
phenomenal 51 'A.> j rom the field arid 86% 

, 

from the charity stripe. The senior guard 
also leads UCSD In assists at 4.5 per 
game ... . Dabasinshas and Barreca are 1-2 
in rebounding, averaging 8.6 Clnd 7.3 
respectively .. .. UCSD is 6-0 in Division UI 
play and can fintsh the season m perfect 
fashion with victories aver Rhode 1sland 
Colle/{e and Claremont Mudd Friday and 

Saturd~ night. Says Triton coach Tom 
Marshall , "If we go undefeated in DiVision 
lU and post a good overall record, then 1 
thinlt we can bring a good case (to make 
the playoffs) to the NCAA." Both games 
start at 8 pm and are broadcasled on 
campus radio station KSDT 95.7 Cable 
FM, 540 AM. ~ 

From Caged to a Rage 

By MATI ADAMS 

T HE FIRST TIME Mark Barreca put on a Tri-ton uniform, he re-
ceived a tude introduc tion to 
college basketball. Barreca 
was a cocky young freshrnan 
who had an outstanding 
high school career. In his 
first game he was pitted 
against San Diego State's 
se nsational and NBA-bound 
Michael Cage. Cage sh ut Barreca down 
and scored at will on the young 
freshman. Barreca scored but four 
points and fouled out in his Triton 
debut. 

The transition from being the biggest 
and most talented player in a high 
school league to being jllst another 
college rookie has ended many a 
budding collegIate career. Many young 
players are not ready to sit on the bench 
or constantly be outplayed . After that 
ope ning game of the '81 -'82 campaign , 
Barreca came down to e.lrth , but did nOI 

Mark Barreca 
arrived at UCSD 
as a confident and 
at times cocky 
basketball player. 
Four years later, 
Barreca has be-
come the Tritons ' 
leader both on and 
off the court. 

give up on himself. Soon he was playing 
against competition on the DiVision II 
and DI level where he could again assert 
himself. 

Despite recruitment by the Naval 
Academy and the University of 
Redlands, Mark came to UCSD largely 
because of the high ly regarded 
academic tradition . Former UCSD 
head coach John Block made a big 
impreSSIOn on Barreca. "He was a 

> CONTINUED ON PAGfiD 

Thursday, /<III. 10. 1985 13 

Swimmers kick towards Nationals 

UCSD has depth in the pool 
By ALICIA AGOS, Contributing Sports Editor 

T HE UCSD MEN'S AND WOMEN'S swim teams had a great 
. Christmas. No, they didn't go to 

Hawaii, they didn't hit the slo pes, they 
d idn't even get to take full ad vantage 
of the sole purpose of vacation: full-
on sleep. What they did was swim, 
swim and swim some more, 
something they've been doing 
seemingly non-stop since September. 

Coach Bill Morgan reports that, ·We 
had a great month of Christmas 
practice. From the end of finals week 
until December 19, our swimmers were 
going double practices, swimming 
somewhere around eight miles a day. 
Even though they were ofT from the 
19th to the 29th, the majority went 
home and trained . They came 
back and have been swimming since 
then" 

Over the holidays, the waters of 
Canyonview pool were churned up by 
swimmers from suc h Division I schools 
as North Carolina, Wyoming, University 
of British Columbia, Oregon and 
Syracuse. Unlike UCSD, these schools 
receive many dollars for their aquatics 
programs, offer scholarships and employ 
athletes who have been guppies since 
the age of seven. Despite an apparent 

disadvantage, during an invitational 
wh ic h was staged over the wi nter break, 
the Tritons went ahead and outscored 
their priviledged opponents by about 
300 points. 

Morgan is quite pleased about the 
situation , saying, "In th is sport , training 
hard is the norm, not the exception. It's 
not the dollars that make a program, it's 
the coach ing and the swimmers 
themselves. We think Christmas will pay 
off in that our swimmers sawall this in 
those tOP teams we competed against" 

It seems as if Morgan has adopted 
one of the more optimistic attitudes of 
some "minor sport" team coaches. He 
works well with what he has been given . 
And this year , what he has been given 
is the caliber of talent which will 
hopefully make swimming a team to be 
nOticed . The men's team, like the 
women's, has gotten to the point where 
they "know how good they can be: 
wh ich , by the way, is very good. 

Bill Kazmierowicz, who his coach 
says can get a scholarsh ip from any 
school in the country, is the returning 
national champion in the 200-500 free . 
Exemplifying the team's depth are 
returning All-Americans Pete Ackhoff, 
Butch Cramer, and Jeff Enright in the 

SWIm coach BiU Morgan: "If's a real chaUenge (or mt 10 mallt aU this worthwhile to the 
swimmers. They have very high exptctations jor tli~lvcs and a tremendous amount oj worn 
10 deal with. But hc~, there art no scholarships, no pamllS to push them. There's only them." 

~yg, 
, _____ \I(/!lHTHlS!<D _____ , 

Ita !* 26 
c//ia "ourl cfl"lfair 

frozen ~ogurt creations 
DESIGNS 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 2 for 1 Buy one IINIIICNIns 
$19" $695 end get one AlEEI 

• \XIE ALSO HONOR AU • 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & YOGJRT PARLOR COUPONS CONDITIONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS 103:) Tooey Pines Rd. 177<4 Gamet Averue at Hel1Chel Pacific lI£ach 
UNIVERSITY T OWNE CENTER Lo .10110 483-5-483 

455 .... <454-4869 ExPires Jan. 15, 1985 L - - - - ONE PER CUSTC».IER- - - -

freestyle; and David Reed in the 
breastroke. Tranfers Roger Brisbane, Bill 
Corrigan , Kip Fulbeck and Dave 
Williamson are also part of a squad who 
Morgan reports is "already breaking 
records. This is an indication of how 
much better we are now than last year 
at th is time. There is a tremendous 
difference in this year's team. We won't 
beat Kenyon (who is rated #1 in the 
nation), but we're getting close." 

The women's team, like the men's, 
has nationals on their minds. The 
Tritons are ranked fifth in the nation, a 
ranking Morgan feels his team can 
better by season's end . The coach did 
his part in the recruiting department, 
luring a promising freshman class to the 
La Jolla sun and surf. The five returning 
All-Americans consist of freestyler 
Barbara Lee, flyer and team captain 
Alison Gilmore, Jackie Van Egmond and 
Irene Mons in the backstroke and 
Melanie Knight. Freshmen Tracy 
Mulvaney and Lynne Lyle are also key to 
a group of athle tes which Morgan looks 
upon as being "reaDy solid . Our All-
Americans have been with the program 
for a few years and they've been through 
qUi te a lot." 

Butterflyer Martha Lee nOled that "OUI 
whole attitude and goal is to go to 
nationals." Hill, according to her coach, 
"came here with no idea of how good 
she could be. She came here first for 
academics, then for swimming. It's a 
challenge for me to direct athletes like 
her to the pool." 

Morgan has been doing his part 
building and promoting UCSD 
swimming, which in tum promotes the 
University. "I'm p retty excited about this 
season, more excited than I've ever 
been. One of the main reasons for this 
is we are getting some sup port. We've 
gotten money to hire an assistant 
coach . .. it's only some money, but it's an 
encouraging step. We're going in the 
right direction . It's a real challenge for 
me to make all this worthwhile to the 

swimmers. They have vety high 
expectatiOns for themselves and a 
tremend ous amount of work to deal 
with. But here, there are no 
scholarships, no parents to push them. 
There's only them." 

Besides nationals, another. team goal 
is to do well at the Pacific West 
Championships coming up in February. 
For those who realistically won't make it 
to the nationals, success in the PAC 
West is an attainable goal. Morgan is 
pleased with the homogeneous group 
which exists in the waters at Canyon 
View. This son of unity in a team which 
numbers 45 is rare . 

"It's often hard to develop this type of 
team cohesiveness. Swimming isn't 
exactly a sport that attracts a lot of 
attention , but our swimmers have gotten 
to the point where they can motivate 
each other. The guys' team is the most 
mat..lre team I've ever had. Sometimes 
they are so aggreSSive that I have to 
'<eep a lid on it to keep them from 
burning out. The real main thrust of our 
season is coming up," Morgan said. 

The swim team, like those of soccer, 
water polo and women's volleyball, are 
doing a lot to promote both the 
reputation and caliber of inter-collegiate 
athletics at UCSD. 

"As a coach, I have no complaints. I 
have wants, desires, needs, sure; but it's 
encouraging. Things are growing and 
changing and the athletes can sense 
this . We have older athletes who look 
around now and chuckle . They know 
how things used to be without the 
timing system, the new pool and the 
training schedule. I can see some school 
pride now. UCSD is getting an 
impressive reputation academically and 
it's a challenge for us to see that Sports 
is a part of this reputation, but not a 
means to an end. 1 don't bother to 
recruit athletes who don't see academics 
as a priority. If you're not going to be 
successful academically here , you're not 
going to be successful athletically." ~ 

Sports Slab 
Friday, January 11 

Men's basketball vs. Rhode Island College, at home, 8 pm. 
Women's basketball vs. University of Redlands, at home, 6 
pm. 
Women's swim vs. University of Nevada at Reno and Cal 
State Sacramento, at home, 3 pm, 
Men's volleyball at Cal State Northridge, 7:30 pm. 

Saturday, January 12 
Men's basketball vs. Claremont-Mudd, at home, 8 pm. 
Men's and women's fencing, UCSD Open Tournament, at 
home, 8 am. 
Men's swim vs. University of Wyoming, at home, 9 am. 

II 1 Itt;!v II Uo:, _ c ___ , _ .,.-~.-
FINE ARTIST SUPPLIES -SEMESTER SPECIAL-40% Discount 

Spedallal_. III ZenIth 1-100, 192K. 2 DrNes. 
FI_ Art"u "per, Duol Mlaopocesor 

Prl_tl •• , .. 1.tI •• a •• Regula Price 53295. 
Drawl •• hpJIIlH. NOW J195C11 

Lorus 1-2-.3 for ZenIth Z100 
4(;4S Cass Street ONLY$2CM 

Pacific Beach 
270-1303 UNK-FJWM: COMPUTERS 

O pen M- F 9 - 6, Satu r d ay IO - ~ (619)566-9660 



14 Thursday, Jan . 10, 1985 

Barreca 
< CONTINUED fROM PAGE 12( 
sincere , nice person. I also respected 
what he had accomplished in 
basketball. I visited UCSD and 
thought the area was beautiful, a 
place I would enjoy living in , I also 
wanted to stay on the West Coast. 
Block, the area and the academic 
tradition all added up to something I 
could not tum down. 

"My first year of college basketball was 
full of surprises. I did not expect all the 
work on conditioning. We ran a lot of 
track before we saw basketballs, 
something I hadn't seen in high school. 
It took me a while to adjust to the size 
of everyone also. Especially my first 
game. I was starting at forward as a 
freshman and thought I was hot stuff. 
Michael Cage really took me to school. I 
was in awe of the size and ability of the 
SDSU players. After the game against 
SDSU, we played tearns that were of 
similar ability to us. I was able to relax. 1 
knew I could play and do well on the 
Division II and III level." 

Unfortunately, Barreca's freshman 
season ran only 11 games long. 

Academic ineligibility reared its ugly 
head after only one quarter at UCSD. "I 
felt as though I had let down both 
myself and the team: Mark confided. "I 
quickly found that I could not use my 
high school study habits in college. I 
made a commitment to make the 
changes necessary to ensure I would 
never have academic problems again ." 
Barreca's commitment has paid off as he 
has not had any academic trouble since. 

In his second year at UCSD, Mark 
was on what he called the most talented 
team of his playing career. So, why did 
that team finish with a mediocre .500 
record? "I can't say for sure. Some of 
coach Block's philosophies may not 
have been too beneficial. He used too 
much negative reinforcement. One 
mistake and the players knew they 
would be replaced. The fear of screwing 
up was always on the back of your 
mind , and it inhibited your 
performance. Another reason that team 
did not do better was that some players 
were more interested in their individual 
statistics than the team's winning." 

Barreca has nothing but respect for 
John Block ( Block left UCSD for Oral 
Roberts after the '82-'83 season). "John 
was the best at one-to-one instruction. 
He taught me more than anyone had 

THE NEXT CRAZE 
A Puzzle Solved Entirely by Loglc-Not Guesswork 

LogicMastcrs 
-A Puzzle of Logical Deduction-
Place each piece In Its correct row followtng one sImple rule. 

Sound easy? Try It! -There's only one solutio". 

Includes two booklets explaining the logical method. 
Now available at the Un~BIty Bookstore. 

before about one-on-one I nside moves. 
He did lack experience as an on-the-
court strategist, though." 

Present UCSD head coach Tom 
Marshall was Block's assistant for the 
'82-'83 season. Barreca describes 
Marshall's assistant role as one of 
intermediary. "He was approachable , a 
friend, as opposed to Block who was 
distant:' Barreca describes Marshall's 
coaching strong points as somewhat 
opposite to Block's. He was the strategist 
and defensive specialist, while Block 
possessed the great one-on-one abilities. 

Marshall took the helm for the '83-'84 
season. "I respect Marshall's ability. I 
never knew how to play defense before 
he taught me. He is a great 
communicator. He also believes in me, 
which gives me the confidence to know 
one mistake won't sit me down . 
Marshall's fi rst year was a learning 
experience for both the players and 
him. This year he has learned to use his 
very capable assistants better Ueff 
Armstrong, Dave Wolter and Jack 
Shawcroftl . I am very comfortable this 
year." 

Barreca is in his final season at UCSD 
and has 'many great memories. The most 
outstanding game in his career was in 
January of '83 when the Tritons defeated 

Division I Loyola Marymoum. Barreca 
explains, "I played a great all around 
game, but I wiD never forget sinking the 
go-ahead basket in the last minute." His 
most disappqiming memory was his aca-
demic probleIEs dUri!lg his freshman year. 

"UCSD has been terrific. I enjoy the 
academic challenges. I have learned that 
school is more imponant than 
basketball. I've also met a lot of great 
people ... memories I'll have forever." 

In the future, Barreca would like to 
continue playing basketball . "I know I'm 
a long way from the NBA. I think I can 
play in the European leagues though. 
Under the right circumstances, I'd even 
put off finishing my education to play 
pro ball. I know I will not be physically 
able to play professional basketball all 
my life. If the opportuniry were right, I 
would take it. I also know how important 
a quality education is, We'll see." 

Barreca wiD soon earn the degree in 
management science which he is 
hoping will open the door to a career as 
a stock broker. "I've always been a 
competitive person. A stock broker faces 
the kind of challenges that a 
competitive individual likes. I need 
challenges and I think that environment 
would be good for me. I think I could 
be very succesMul." &::J 

Link-Frame Computers & 
Business Systems Corporation 

-GOOD PRESENTATION. CAN IMPROVE YOUR GMOES-
TERM PAPEIl.S. DISSERTATIONS. THESES 

RESUMES • PROJECTS. REPORTS 
Typed or 

LINK-FRAME COMPUTEIl.S WORD PROCESSING CENm 
Reasonable /\ales. Highly Qualified Personnel 

CALl: (619) 566-9660 
NQN.-FRI. 10 om-6 pm SAT. 10 om- 4 pm 

UNK-FAAME COMPUTERS AND BUSINESS SYSTEMSCORJIOAAnOH 
7190 Milamor Rood, E-109. Son DIego, CA 92121 

Interested in writing? 

Come to the new writers' 
meeting, Friday at 3 in 
the Guardian 'office (next 
to the Che Cafe, south-
east of Revelle) and find 
out how easy it is to get 
involved. 
'it's never too late 
until it's too late. 
Remember that. 

--
-

-=--

... 

The Rec. Dept wants you 
Alive in '85! 
Paging aU nerds , library groupies, 

hibernating athletes and basically 
unaware people. It is time to rise and 
shine-1985 is here at last! And five 
rhymes with alive which means dive 
and jive into the new year with energy 
and excitement. Get a cat, buy a new 
non-school book, redecorate your 
apartment, make a new friend and sign 
up for any of more than )0 different 
recreation exercise or activity sessions. 
Screeeeech!!! What are exercise and 
activity sessions? And who is 
"recreation"? 

Answer # 1: Campus Recreation is a 
group of fun-loving individuals who 
strive along to involve ClU students in 
physical activities such as gymnastiCS, 
volleyball, intramurals, aerobics, 
basketball, yoga, etc. Keeping your mind 
functioning is imponant, but 
maintaining your body is equally 
important. A healthy mind is useless 
without a healthy body. How do you 
suppose that the 0 2 needed by your 
brain to solve that matrix or write that 
paper gets there? Via stale library air? 
No-by recreation and recreating. 

Answer #2: Exercise and activity 
sessions encompass a myriad of 
opportunities, including yoga, massage, 
aerobics, swimming, tennis, racquetbaD, 
squash. trimnastics, ballet, jazz, 
ballroom, weight training, iCe skating, 
gymnastiCS, pasta making, tax clinic, 
whale watching and sailing-just to 
name a few. Here are some insights into 
what the new year has to offer to you, 
the student sup remus: 
Sports Health: Being offered for the first 
time, this lecture session will focus on 
proper wann up and wann down . . 
techniques so that spons-related InJunes 

can be avoided; what to do when an 
injury occurs; proper body alignment; 
the correct way to stretch and 
strengthen specific muscle groups; and 
nutrition. Great for people who want to 
learn more about how their bodies work 
when exercising. 
Gymnastics: The gymnastics race is on. 
Since the impressive display of 
gymnastiCS talent at the Summer 
Olympics in Los Angeles, Mary Lou 
Rettons and Peter Vidmars are popping 
up everywhere , To not be left out, 
recreation offers Gymnastics &: 
Tumbling and Trampoline. Most people 
are overwhelmed at the wide range of 
benefits gymnastics has to offer, 
including coordination, flexibility, 
strength, body awareness, rhythm, self-
confidence, creativity, and balance. 
Gymnastics, a lifetime sport, promises 
countless rewards to everyone from ages 
three to 83. 
T'ai Chi: This ancient Chinese system 
of phYSical exercise is practiced world 
wide for health, relaxation and self-
defense. OCR offers three levels-
beginning. intennediate and 
advanced-so that everyone can 
become involved in this tremendous 
way to reduce test and generallife-on-
campus stress while getting in shape. 
Aerobics: Continuing into its fifth year 
"s our extensive aerobic/ conditioning -
program that boast seven instructors 
and 16 different exercise sessions 
offered at the times most accessible to 
the student 8 am, noon, and every hour 
from 4-6 pm Monday through Friday. 
(And at very affordable prices, especially 
when you compare them with prices at 
the local spas.) There is also a session 
which meets on Saturday mornings. 

- Kathy O'Dell 

1985/86 UNDERGRADUATE 
FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOLARSHIP 

APPLICATION DEADLINES 

s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s 

• All current undergraduate financial aid recipients are being mailed 
a 1985/86 financial aid application to re-apply . 
• All undergraduate'continuing students with a 3,75 cumulative GPA 
as of Spring 1984 were mailed a 1985/86 scholarship application. 

APPLICATIONS MUST BE POSTMARKED BY FEBRUARY 11.1985 

All undergraduate financial aid applicants who are eligible to apply 
for a Cal Grant are mfutml to apply for one; failure to do so will result 
in loss of UCSD financial assistance. The Cal Grant deadline for both 
new and rtnewaJ applications is February 11, 1985 (this is a change 
from last year). 
The deadline to complete your undergraduate financial aid file for 
Fall Quaner 1985 is May 1, 1985. 
If you do not receive an application packet in the mail. please request 
one from your college financial aid office. 
Workshops for completing the undergraduate financial aid and/or 
scholarship applications will be held in the Nonh Conference Room 
of the Student Center at the follOwing times: 

Tuesday, January 15 ....................... 11:30 am 
Monday, January 21 ........................ 9:00 am 
Friday,January 25 ......................... 12:30 pm 
Tuesday, January 29 ....................... 10:00 am 
Thursday,January 31 ....................... 1:30 pm 
Wednesday, February 6 ..................... 2:00 pm 

Plan to attend one of the workshops. Please bring your application 
forms with you to the workshop, 

Thursday, Jan . 10, 1985 1 , 
snILTS 

. .. 

Navy 
Health 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

r you hove ~ accepted by. 01 018 enrolled at. an apptC>led 
school cI medicine 01 oot8QPOthy. you may quol<fy for the Navy 

~th Prct9$llons Schalarship PrOQ'Cm. 
As a IdlOIcnhIP student the Navy pays 
• your flJll tuition. C>.JthOllled f_ and educational 
--= 

• the cost d required book. and suppll .. ( reimburMd 
to you); 

• rental f_ for ~ ~t such os mlCIOICOpM; and 
• a monthly cosh payment dlrecttv to you (lUbject to 

fo>M) Voo con uoe thl. stipend os you ~, 
WlUe 01 scnaoI. the Navy doeI not Int-' with VOOI 

ooademlc life. y"" won" hove to emend military fIOIning 01 
dtlllL 01 wear Navy unIIofms. Yoyr ~ Is me some os """" 
medical 01 ooteopatl\lc lludenfl. 

lpeclal Training 

You'" spend about six _s 80Ch YfIOl ln on -octMI 
_ " staIIA HoNewr. W your culTlcutum doeIn't 0I1ON you 
to _ 1Choo/, you con usuoltv spend a portion or all 01 thate 
da,>s at actille ruty at VOOI civilian school continuing your 
sfudieI, 

[)JtIng this active dUty period. you'lI receIW flJlI pav and 
allowances at an of!Icer In the Novy-whether you're at schaal 
01 away. That's In addition to the regular monthly Income you 
receive dumg the rflll at the yea. 

Actille ruty periods offer you the chonce to tlCMll at Navy 
_ and gain medical 8xperIence white enjaylng a breoI< 
fIom the rootlne 01 studying. 

• corrc>Iet. schOOl as a member cA the Navy Health 
ProflMllans SchoIonhIp Prog,am. 

• _ one year at octMI duly 01 a Navy medical cAftcef 
for 80Ch veer cI scholOllhlp portlclpatlon. Voo nut 
"""" at leas! ltv ... yean on acIM> duly 

nme spent In Intamshlp 01 reoldency daM not count tOWOld 
VOOI active _ obligation. 

Quallllcallan. lot 1CIIaIarIto1pl: 

• be ccc:epted for the '-' entering closs 01 currently 
..... cAled In on opprt:Ned school eX medicine 01 
ooteopolhy In the U S, cy Puerto 1lIco, 

• be a us. c~lzen cI good moral chOlOCter 
• be ptWslcaltv QUOIWied for commloIIon 01 a Navy 

oIIIcer, -
• HOII& ~t MCA T ICOfe of 60 01 r'nOI8 .. 

BIll 8Iyonl ®. -, , 
YNC lJS/I.n • . 
0FftCE1 ilEOllJTER , 

NAW IlECRUmNG OISTTlICT 
Si'J'j DIEGO 
NAVAl. TIlAINING CENTER. BlDG. 336 
Si'J'j OtEGO. CA 92133 

call eolleet (619) 29U7~ 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In The Navy. 

WHAT TO DO AFTER COLLEGE .•. 
.. .is a question a lot of young people in high school and college 

are asking. Then, even if you get the finest college degree, where can 
you use it meaningfully? 

Perhaps the answer lies in becoming an Air Force officer 
through Air Force ROTC. We have many different career areas in 
which specialists of all kinds are needed. And as an Air force 
commissioned officer you can have unequaled opportunity for 
leadership and management experience, plus an excellent starting 
salary and benefits package. 

Consider Air Force ROTC as a gateway to a great way of life for 
you. Find out about the benefits of a four, three or two-year 
scholarship that pays 5100 a month. tuition, book costs and lab and 
incidental fees. Couple that with what will be waiting after 
graduation, and you have the answer to what you've been looking 
for. 

CALL AfROTC AT SDSU 265-55451 

ROTC 
Galewoy 10 a greal way 01 life. 

,~, 

-



16 Thursday. Jan . 10. 1985 

C...".ed ~ s".. Is sold In ,ao-
~1na __ 1CL e.ch ....... ~ 
m.tc ~ sPKe between words Is considered 
a chllracller. wtth a.pUJ Ienen aounttng • 
two cNracllerJ. The r.1s Sl per IOOchar-..s 
for ICudents ... d 5] per 100 cn.aaers for n0n-
students. You must CDme by the ofIIce or mill. In 
your ad. as we ,..ul,. pIIyfMnt In actvanc. of 
pubIkMIon. DudlInes .. 5 pm n.dIIy lor 
lhursdIIy's paper. 5 pm FrtdIIy lor Mondlly's 
paper. For more .nforrMrlon cal. 452-J466. 
The Guard .... UCSD. 1-016. La joN .. CA 
92091 

iRII§~alll 
'65 Mustang GT 289. coupe. great rond .• die. 
green. PS. front-disc brakes. AC. am/fin cassette. 
24.000 mi. on reeuilt eng .• $3, 500. call 488-0322 
alter 6 pm. (1/10) 
Brirld new ~ks for many AMES, Bic. Chern. 
Econ. EECS. Ptyslcs. Psych a1d Math dasses-IO% 
below bookstore prlcesl call KB Books for 
lkllversity area deI~ 452-8350. call 'While 
supplies last. (1/14) 

Futon mattresses. couches. 100% cotton-<alors, 
frames. Pead1 Blossom Futon. 1036 Garnet. P B. 
274-3410. (1/10) 
EECS 1758 students-For sale-IC kit used last 
qtr/cHps good condo On~ 512/otx:>. cau 457-
1942. Alice. (1/10) 
Photo-deveklping lab equip.: Paterson 2-reel dell, 
tank, Kalt stainless steel themlorneter. ctlemicals 
iW1d containers. Good as brand new. caUeve. 455-
6645. (1/10) 
canon F-I Gtmera 35rrm20 lens 135rrm 25 lens. 
nash. coupler. nlters. all Ca'lon. all with leather 
cases. Used on~ a tf!W times. 5450.00 or best. 543-
1164. Kevin. eves. (1/17) 
Racquetball racquets: Head Pro 540, Head Master 
S30. Surfboard. 6'S" Thruster. brand new. S170. 
Call Brett at 457-1662. evenings are best. (1/10) 
CommoOOre64 OOt matrix printer for sale. 
Excellert condo Used o~ 2 mo. S15O/otx:> (cost 
S250). 457-1942. Alice-le~ msg. (1/14) 

.miD II II II I 
A1RUNES HIRING, SI4-S39,OOOI Stewardesses. 
Reservationistl Worldwidel Call for Guide. 
DlreetOl}'. Newslaer. 1-916-944-4444 xUCSDAlR. 
(1/10) 
Wirlted: Weig,t set irld/or weight benet1. call 
Deirl. 453-5791. (1/14) 

Males q ~5O needed to oonate a semen 
sample for r~arch s~. SIO.OO paid per~. 
cau Chudc 453-7500 x3317. (1/10) 

Chilocare after school. Please pick-up our 5th 
grade daug,ter & 4th grade son at La ..blla Elem .• 
get snacks. chauffeur to activities & guide them 
throug, homework til we get home from law 
school a1d Scripps Memorial. Housek~ takes 
care of house-y<>l.lf pb Is lolling childcare. Must 
ha\.te own ca." & excellent references. Salary 
neg>tiable. M. T. F. 3-6. W, 1-6. Leave name & 
phone at 452-5900 (24 hr. serv.) for caU back. 
Thanksl (1/14) 

Fun-lolling people to deal at UCSO Casino Nig,t. 
Cane to the ~Ier's meeting. Wed. 1/16. 5 pm In 

~ No. Conf. Room. (1/10) 
Orgarlic Chemistry 1408 tutor needed SCSI Call 
.Jennifer 453-5019. (1/24) 
call t>r Papersl lklder9rads: ~ us your bestl 
SUbmit 3 copies of your ~arch paper to The 
UCSD ..burnal of lkldergrad Research. 10-25 pgs. 
More Info at x3917. Student Center. 8-023 off. #3. 
Deadline 1/25. (1/14) 
CRUISESHIPS HIRING, SI6-S30.0001 carribeirl. 
Hawaii. World. Call for Guide. Directory. 
Newsletter. 1-916-944-4444 xUCSOCRUlSE. (1/10) 

KB Books offers text books at 10'1& ~ boOkstore 
prices~~1 Call immedlate~I 452-8350. 
(1/14) 

Ayn Rand readers iW1d students of ObjectMsm 
meeting every SU~. II am-2 pm. Home SiMngs 
~ America. 4311 La ..k:llla VIllage ome, lkliYerslty 
Towne Centre. (1/10) 
Announcing Winter Rush-ADII wiU be informal 
rushing ttis weekJII Parties begin Tuesday 1/8111 
Come see us on the plaza or call the condo at 457-
5535 for more information. (1/10) 
ASIO Volmteer Int> Night: Thurs. 1/10 at 7 pm in 
No. Conf. Rm. Student Ctr. Get Irrvotved ttls 
quarterl (1/101 
Bandsl All bands interested in being part of ttls 
year's Battle of the Birlds at Revelle fTIJSt s/grl up 
now in the Revelle PrCMlSt Offtcr. The date of the 
concert is Jan. 25. (1/14) 
The Milton H. Erickson Institute irlnounces the San 
Diego Conference on Hypnotic irld Strategic 
Interventions February 8-10. 1985. For information 
call (619) 295-1010. (2/7) 
Cars for rent SIS per~. SS5 per week. Unlimited 
free mileage. Del Mar 755-3201. (1/17) 

Need Il'IOf1eY to go to college or 'v<>Cational school? 
Educational Talent Search can help you apply for 
mo~ to attend the sctlool otyour ctlolce. Services 
are free to the public. call 297-4471. (1/17) 
Menstrual pain? Cramps, nausea. abdo"...nal pain. 
etc. ParticipiW1ts needed for a research st~. 4BI-
6181. (1/24) 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

Give your students an alternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'll turn your loose 
c ourse materials into bound c loss readers. 

/lion-Thurs 
Fri 

Sat 
Sun 

NO CHARGE TO YOU 01 YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIILf COsl TO YOUR STUOEHTS 

OUR REI' WILL HELP ~IZE YOUR MATEIlIALS 
OVEINIC;HT ORDERS ACCEPTED 

8:00-8:00 
8:00-6:00 
10:00-500 
12:00;5:00 

klnko·s 

OPEN WEEKENDS 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs and Seven) 
457-3775 

copies 

You oon't absolute~ ~ to pay that rruch for 
textbooks-KS Books can help a little. We hcNe 
new books br 10% off bOOkstore prices-and we 
def~ in the lkllversity area. call now at 452-
8350. (1/14) 
Eller dream of dealing at I.1s Veges~ UCSO 
Casino Ni~ a try. Come to the dealer's mtg 5 pm 
1/16 in the No. Cart. Rm. (1/10) 

St~ abroad iW1d earn UC credtsl Anal 
int>rmation meeting Wed. Jan 16 at 7 pm in the 
International Center. For more int> call 3730.11/14) 
And out IMlat ASlO internstips are all aboutl 
Tues .• Jan. 15th at 7pminNo. Conf. Rm .• Studt. Ctr. 
(1/14) 

ffl*iiMiJlllll 
Gay student wanted to share house with 3 OChers 
near North Park area. 282-5397 Jim C. (1/10) 
FemaJe roommate to share room in condo. 
S210/month. Fool & jacuzzi. 5 min. walk to school. 
Uz. 45(H052 (1/14) 

One or t\o\O people needed to share large master 
bedroom with privatr bath. Ful~ furnished. Pool. 
jat. Prefer CNer 21. S200 each. Near U.T.C. 457-
1851. (1/14) 
Female roommate Wirlted. Non-smoIc:er. Share 
large house with 3 others. call 483-3210 eves. 
Adrienne. (1/141 

ROOM~TE"NEEDEO to share master bedroom. 
5235/mo. & 1/5 util. ~In. watk to UCSO. call 
453-1523. 

Roommate wanted-Mlra Mesa house. master br. 
own bath. 5285 & uti/.. non sl11Oker. 695-8408. Ask 
tIr Sarah. (1/31) 

RUSH AOII RUSH ADII RUSH AD" RUSH ADII 
RUSH ~II. 11/10) 

~ to 5SOO can be yoursl U1dergraciJate research 
grants deadline 2nd week. Grantwriting 
..-.orkshop Sat 1/12 10:30 ." MuItPJtpOSe Room 
2nd floor Student Cerar ~ pool table. For 
lob call xl9l7 USGrns. (1/101 
Don't be a skJg this qtrl ASIO VOlunteer tnt> Nite . 
Th .• 1/10 at 7 pm in Student Ctr's No. Cont. Room. 
(1/10) 

H~ a band7 Show UCSD your talent Jan. 25th at 
the cwnJaI Revelle Battle of the Bands. Slg'l up now 
in the ~ ProYost Offtce. Free carTllUS-wlde 
publldty & reviewsll (1/14) 
Karen K. Welcome back I Hope the new quarter Is a 
good onef Have a rosey weekend. Your Rose 

~. (I/IO) 

Hey Howy. I just g;>t bacj( from Australia with the 
Education Abroad Prog-.". You c;a'l lind out 
~r options tIr ~ in irIOther country by 

ng irI lilt> session Wed. 16. 7 pm In 
International Center. 11/10) 
JofTI-Steef cannot be forged without going 
throug, fire. The past yell has made a fine, strong 
ItlIng ot our relationship. Now begins g-eat things. 
You ~ ""¥ bile. 111101 
Find out wha ASIC) 1nCems~ are all aboutl 
Tues.. Jan. 15th at 7 pm In No. Cod. Rm .• Studt. Ctr. 
11/14) 
Looking br),vard to irI awesome quarter with all 
~ new Delta SIg actives. R.8.11/10) 
Mitch. Happy New ~. This one's ours. I can 
hardt)t wait until Julian. Thank you God. Me. 11/10) 

dlHfW@ijl'll ~.~lm;1 
Found. In Meclc.al Student Lounge. Basic Science 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rushjobs 
accepted. (1/31) 

cars for rent SIS per~. SS5 per~. Unlimited 
free mileage. Del Mar 755-3201. (1/31) 
Action Pro Typing Service-Quality vwrk at 
fantastic rates. can ci) rush. For the best Patrlda. 
282-6126. (1/10) 

MattVPt¥1cs Tutor. I definit~ c;a'l help you. 
S6/hr. call Mark, 461-7146 after 8 pm. (1/10) 
Need a OJ for your next party? All typeS ~ music. 
very low rates. Equipment rentals also . ..bm 453-
0640. (1/17) 

Buildng. Call ~ 455-5985. 11/101 

Found: Sell'en-inch g;>Id bracelet wjheart-shaped 
charm Found at USB around 11/28. To claim call 
Rid< 27~592 Keep tlying. (1/10) 
Ptyslcs 28 Anal Spring 84 LDst Large reward for 
retuml Code number 539. Please g;> ttToug, your 
old papers. May hcNe been accidental~ taken from 
Meyer Hall sheflles. Tha1ks. SU5arl483-I383, (1/17) 
Found: ~ case containing gold chain iW1d 
pendant engaYed with Initlals C.W. Phone 565-
8653. (1/17) 
Lost: Small s~r athletics bag. Contains running 
shoes. srorts. and stitt. Contact Doug at 452-
0500. (1/17) 

5 ' AI 
6 \1AI 
7 .I( ~I 
a '1 AI 

HAl 
10l0ff! 
11 ~~AI 
12 P<'AI 
13 , AI 
If AI I 
15 11,1<,KP 

, foRE PSYCH 
,. CRE HIO 
11 A( Ijl(VfMfN I 
12 NUfNN(, HIl' 
13 CPA 
14 SPf E(J Rf An",1 
15 lSI RfVlfw 
,. fN1RO 1(1 

lAW\Ujlllll 

CLASSES ON CAMPUS 

l~~ 
Son Drago Centel 
2180 Garnet Ave SUite 2D 
PaCifiC BeaCh 92100 

(6~9) 270~~O 
M L McNulty. Administrator 



An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 

Vol. a. No.1 January 10. 1985 

---c: 
3 .· 
--en 
o . 
.... 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

AslOCiate Edito r 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributin K Edito rs 
ETHAN FEER T. JOA 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAPI' 
Staff 

MIKE ,\HN. RODDY 
BOGA W A. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA. 
KARE KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR. CARL 'TATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSO 

Editorial 452·3466 
Advertisin g 452·3468 

Hiatus is publish~d every 
Thursday of th~ academic year 
as a supplement to the UC D 
GUARDIAN . Reproduct-ion 
or usc WIthout written 
permIssion of any portIon of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited letters. 
manuscripts. and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. SenJ 
information ro: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La Jolla, CA. 92093 

r---------------------, 
I I 
I I 
: Student Poster : 
I ~_f I 
I _~.....u I 
I I 
I I 

i [5J i 
I I 
I I 
I POSTERS I 
: FOR !liE PRICE OF : 
I I 

j f4l ! 
I ~ I 
I I I lI...ealol expensrw pusler IS iree) I 
I I L ______________ __ _____ ! 

Contents 
Cover: Video is the newest 

media for artistic expression 
and UNew American Video 
Art, " in the Mandeville 
Gallery, has a few big art 
surprises. See page 3. 

Bob's Books . . . . . .. page 2 
Bob's first review of 1985 is 

a stunner, allowing us to read 
1984 (at last). In addition Doug 
Adam's fourth effort in his 
space comed y trilogy. 

Artist Insight . . . . .. page 5 
Christyn Tamblyn uses parts 

of her mind and parts of her 
bod y to fill the Annex gallery 
with her continous multi, 
media performance art this 
week. 

Movies •.• page 4 
Goings On ••• page 7 

Cover photo by Rich Pecjak 

Bob's Book Report 

Good news for the 
• • new year In print 

By B.B.ROBERT LEONE 
First, the good news. It is 1985, so now it's safe to read 1984, by 

George Orwell (Eric Blair). Not that it has much to do with literature 
(except that it's a good book, which you really should read, and [ 
recommend it absolutely to anyone who reads at a better than tenth 
grade level), but a new movie version (with John Hurt and Richard 
Burton) will be released in the U.S. sometime this year. 

Second, still more good news. Douglas Adams' fourth book in his 
Hitchhiker's Guide Trilogy (yes, I know, a trilogy is only three books), 
So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish, has just arrived in a $12.95,204-
page hardback. Yes, it is about as strange as all the others. Yes, he has 
some marvelous plot twists, and yes, the story in the book about the 
biscuits in the train station actually happened to Douglas Adams 
(although it doesn't say so in the book). 

Trying to describe a Douglas Adams book without giving away the 
plot is a tough task, suffice to say (as far asthat goes) that Arthur seems 
to have finally obtained a stable (more or less) girlfriend, but until you 
read this book I'm not going to tell you who. Also, after eight years, he 
finally gets out of that bathrobe. 

However, there is nothing (no threats of lynching or other sundry 
forms of violence) that prevents me from saying, first, that the quality 
of the humor in the new book is not as manic as in the first three (but 
still is as subde as a brick or a down feather, depending on the joke ), and 
that you had better have read the first three to have any hope of reading 
this book and staying sane when (i0 you finish. 

As one of the many science fiction fans who find Adams' humorous 
spoofs of the genre clever and insightful, I heartily recommend you give 
attention to this book. Those who gained pleasure from the first three 
will enjoy this one about as much. 

With so much stuff at IllteftlBdoaal GIfts, 
we thought it would be simpler to show 
things we don't seD. 
Come 
Prints, 

see us for the best 'Posters, Art 
Mugs, Cards, Leather, T-Shirts, 

Rock-n-RoU Memorabilia, Fine jewehy, 
Stuffed Animals, Stickers, Games, Gifts. 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE South of The Broadway 452-7755 
OFFER WIlH nns ADeEXPIRES JAN. 31. 1985 

2 Hiattu Jan. la, 1985· 

Video, 
video, and 
more video ';1 ; ~. . .... 

By RONAHU 
A ' bearded, bespectacled man 

steps up to a sink, rinses his mouth 
out and sits down in a nearby 
armchair. In a darkened gallery, a 
dozen viewers in soft, brown chairs 
watch as the man, or an image of 
him, gazes out at them from two 
video screens. They stare at him; he 
stares back. For what seems like a 
long, long time, the man does 
nothing but sit and stare as the 
audience does likewise . Then 
suddenly, without warning, the man 
screams. The entire audience jumps. 

Anything can happen in video art 
and occasionally it does. With "New ' 
American Video Art," now showing 
at the Mandeville Art Gallery 
through February 3, anything can be 
nothing at all or it can be more than 
the eye or ear (and mind) can handle. 
This historical survey of video art 
from 1967 to 1980 shows some of 
the most influential works in this 
newest of art forms. Selections by 
various artists are grouped into 14 
programs of an hour each, which 
play continuously during gallery 
hours. 

The Mandeville Art Gallery has 
had video programs before; most 
recently as part of "Chicago Scene," 
and before that in the immensely 
popular "Video/TV; Humor/ 
Comedy" in 1983. However, the 
purpose of the current exhibit is 
fundamentally different from those 
of previous shows. 

Works like Michael Smith 's 
"Giddi Up Travel Agent" from the 
video humor show are not included 
in "New American Video Art," nor 
are the Residents, the Kipper Kids, 
or "Songs for Swinging Larvae. II The 
current show features videos 
considered historically important in 
the development of the medium, or 
early works by video artists who 
later achieved prominence. And fans 
of MTV and such tripe must be 
warned that video art has very little 
to do with that type of "video" 
either. 

Many of the art videos presented 
will be boring by the standards of 
one weaned on commercial 
television; some are rather obscure 
and some are downright 
incomprehensible. Usually , the 

UCSD Theatre presents 

A Play by Jerome Kilty 
Starring 

N orman Welsh and Mary Corrigan 

Dear Liar 
Friday, January II 

Saturday, January 12 
8 pm $4.00 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 
452 -4574 

Tickets available at Weiss Center Ticket Office, Unic;ersiry Events Box 
Office und at Mancialille ReCital hall on nights of performance. 

• 

noncommercial video does not try to 
sell products (ideas and ideologies, 
possibly, but never products) or to 
entertain. A case in point is the one-
hour program by Bruce Nauman, the 
artist responsible for the proposed 
neon sculpture atop the Mandell 
Weiss Center. In "Lip Sync" 
Nauman hangs upside down , 
wearing headphones, and says the 
title words over and over again for 
the entire sixty minutes. As the 
sound goes in and out of sync with 
the motion of his lips, the artist, 
according to the program 
accompanying the show, "frustrates 
the viewer's expectations for 
narrative development and closure." 
I imagine that~ for the viewer 
persistent enough to sit through the 
entire tape, Nauman's work does 
exactly that. 

Not that all of video art is intended 
to confuse or frustrate the audience. 
William Wegman (who has 
appeared on SahArday Night Lic;e and 
in the previous video humor show 
and can thus be considered more 
accessible) proves just the contrary. 
In "Selected Works, Reel 4" (1972) 

Wegman delivers a rapid succession 
of short, marvelously funny skits. 
First, looking dazed and bug-eyed, he 
relates unblinkingly a story of a trip 
to the Grand Canyon-"but other 
than that there wasn't that much to 
see. It Next, he is lying on the 
pavement explaining that some guy 
pushed him over and everyone told 
him to stay where he was until the 
police came and, "[ 've been lying 
here for about 20 minutes now .... It 
In later skits, Wegman attempts to 
convey "Yesterday I went to the 
laundry. . . but I forgot which 
machine my stuff was in" in 
contrived sign language, explains 
"movies I saw" with-what else-a 
circular saw, and tells a pointless 
story about "I make nails, my 
brother makes boards, so we get 
along well together" all in a 
sublimely dopey, completelyout,of, 
it delivery. 

Some of Wegman's best skits 
involve his faithful doe, Man Ray. 
The first consists of having a large 
number of people calling out "Man 
Ray! Man Ray!" from different 

pleGle tum to "".e .. 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

EMERSON 
STRING QUARTET 

January 18, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, Students $5.50 

Ticketron & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

Jan. 10, 1985 Ria"" J 



MOtJies 
. 

Good low-budgets, 
fair mega-budgets 

By ETHAN FEERST 
One has a tendency to want to 

root for Stranger Than Paradise if 
only because of its dirt cheap 
$120,000 price tag. Considering this 
season's overproduced mega-movies 
(i.e. The o,tton Club and Dune), Jim 
Jarmuch's witty essay on American 
bleakness and non-culture is a 
worthy underdog. It is graceful, 
efficient and concise. Static scenes 
filmed from one angle develop a very 
real sense of time-time that crawls, 
not flies-time to fully grasp an 
image, to think and laugh, to savour. 

* * * The Gx.ls Must Be Crao is an 
insane mix of politics, ethnography, 
ideology and allegory. A Coke bottle 
tossed from an airplane transforms 
the social structure of an isolated 
tribe of South African bushmen. As 
this strange object that is "clear like 

water but much harder in texture" 
has come from the sky, it is thought 
to be a gift from the gods. But there is 
only one of this "new thing," and the 
tribe quickly discovers greed and 
selfishness for the first time. It is 
decided that this new thing is evil and 
must be returned to the gods. As the 
tribe's leader makes his way to the 
edge of the earth to toss it off, he 
crosses paths with ' a bumbling 
microbiologist's attempts to woo a 
school teacher, and a mismanaged 
revolutionary struggle. Slapstick and 
situations in the tradition of the 
Marx Brothers and Laurel and Hardy 
are given a fresh take in this third-
meets-first-world tale. 

* * * Francis Coppola is at it again; 
being nostalgic as only he is able. The 
o,tton Club swirls, sparkles and 

, 

------.;---January 10 &. 11-----____ _ 
GRADUA TE ACTING RECITALS 

UCSD Theatre 4 & 8 pm Free 

---------January 11 &. 12----------
DEAR LIAR ", jeTcmte Kilty . t 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 8 pm $4.00 
-------January 30.February 2 at 8 pm---___ _ 

February 8 &. 9 at 8:30 pm 
TENNESSBE WILLIAMS ONE·ACTS 

t'This Property is Condemned" and 
t7alk to Me Like the Rain and 

Let Me Listen ••• " 
STUDIO THEATRE. Building 409 $2.00 

--------February 13 &. March 12--------
NBW PLAY READINGS 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 7:30 pm Free 

--------February 6-10 &. 14·17'--------
THB POSSBSSBD-a new adaptation 

of Dostoye~sky's ruwel 
8 pm/7 pm Sunday $,,00-$8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

----------March 1 &. 2-----__ . __ 
NBCROPOLIS-PeTformance Art 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 8 pm 
$3.00 (Students free at door on space-awilable basis) 

--------March 5, 7,9, 13, IS, &. 17'--------
GRADUATBREPBRTORY 

SHACHIAPANG: A War" in Progt'ea 
8 pm/7 pm Sunday 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

-------March 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, & 16,-------
FROZEN ASSETS ", Banie Keeffe 

8 pm/7 pm Sunday $,,00 each/two for $8.00 
MANDELL WE1SS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

--------March 14 at 1:00 pm _______ _ 
March IS &. 16 (Time TBA) 
HA~ET PToject. Directed fry Eric Christmcu. 

UCSD Theatre Free 

----------------~d-March(TBA)------------
GRADUATE DESIGN EXHIBIT 

MANDEVILLE EAST ROOM (Across from Auditorium) Free 
CALL 452.-4574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 

TicJceu aWlilable at Wei.u Center Ticket Office 
and Vniwr.ity Etlents &x OffICe. 

4 HiatIU Jan. 10, 1985 

slimmers with the enthusiasm of itl 
$47 million budget. All the areata of 
the era are there for those who wish 
to pay their respects. Those who 
would criticize the film for 
something called "lack of story" 
have a point. But Coppola's 
intention is to cherish a memory, to 
create and enshrine the ultimate 
cliche, to pay homage to an era by 
paying homage to the movie genres it 

inspired, the pnpter film and the 
musical. 

He has not recreated these genres, 
nor has he redefined diem. They are 
simply preserved in their pristine 
state. As such, The o,tton Club often 
resembles a magazine cover more 
than a movie-its glouy surface is 
never disturbed, nor is the cover 
flipped aside to reveal information 
that might be held beneath it. 

;==MOVIE GUIDE=====i1 
Center Cinemu 3 
1-8 at Stadium Way, Mission Valley 
297·1888 

Flamingo Kid. Johnn) Dangerousl) 
SCIlrman 

Cinemall 
Hotel Circle. MiS5ion Valley at 1-8 
291·2121 

Micki and Maude 

Cinerama 
5889 University Ave. 
583-6201 

Bewrl) Hills Cop 

Clairemont 
-41-40 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
27+0901 

Part) Animal / Strange Brew 
Terminator/Breakin 2 

Cove 
7730 Girard Ave. 
-459·5-+0+ 

Man of Flowers 
F .. bion Valley .. 
110 Fashion Valley 
291-44~ 

Dune, Cit) Heal. The axton Club, 
PrOlOCOI 
Fine An. 
1818 Garnet Ave. 
27-HOOO 

The Gods Musl Be Crao 

The Guild 
3827 Fifth Ave. 
295-2000 

Stranger Than Paradise 
La JoUa Vii. 4 
8879 Villa La JoUa Dr. 
.. 53-7831 

Starman. Johnn) Dangerousl), Beverl) 
Hills Cop, Flamingo Kid 
Lome 
3150 Rosecrans 
22+33+4 

Beverl) Hills Cop 
Spora Arena 6 
3350 Sports Arena Blvd. 
223-5333 

Tuff Turf. Cit) Heat/Dune. Night Patrol. 
Pinocchio. Scarman. Brmkin 2/ TmninatOl' 
United ArtUb G1_houae 6 
Glaashouse Square 
223.2546 

Flamingo Kid, The Cotton Club, 
Amadeus . Protocol. Dune. Johnn) 
Dangerousl, • 

Univenity Towne Center 6 
-4525 La Jolla Village Dr. 
-452-7766 

Prorocol. Pinocchio. The Cotton Club. The 
Ri\ier. Cit, Heat/ Night Patrol. Dune 
Valley Circle Mission Valley Center 
West 
297·3931 

2010 

Videos at Mandeville 
continued (ram pa,e J 
directions until the confused dog 
gives up. In a "commercial break," 
Wegman appears, holding Man Ray 
and explaining that "1 am holding 
this 80 pound dog because I hope it 
will convince you that I am a 
trustworthy person because ifl were 
a mean and nasty person ... " as he 
grabs at various parts of Man Ray's 
body, "this dog wouldn't let me do 
this to him... so I hope you will 
come and buy our new and used 
cars." 
. Man Ray also suffers being placed 

in sculptural positions on top of a 
ball, having bits of paper tossed on 
him, and other indignities and visual 
puns, with a look of patient sorrow 
over the fact that his master has gone 
wacko. It is a credit both to 

W~an'l straight-faced skill and to 
Man Ray's unflappability that, in a 
skit in which Wegman attempts to 
teach Man Ray to spell, the dog 
appears vastly more intelligent than 
his owner. 

In the same program as Wegman's 
piece, Peter Campus contributes 
"Three Transitions" (1973), nifty 
bits of special effects using chroma-
keying in quietly mind-bending 
ways. He appears to tear a hole in his 
own body and crawl through it, paint 
out his face with a new one identical 
to the old, and then burn a sheet of 
paper with his own moving face on 
it. In "Four Sided Tape," a 1976 
work on a later program, Campus 
abandons chroma-keying for more 
direct approaches such as shattering 
glass, more tearing-body tricks and a 
hand sinking into muck. 

Bill Viola, another leading video 
artist of the seventies, also plays 
subtll! tricks on our perception. In 

"The Space between the ' Teeth," 
featuring the screaming man from 
the first paragraph, slightly different 
things begin to happen with each 
succeeding scream. The camera 
starts at the end of a long hallway, 
and with each scream it rushes 
forward down the hall and into the 
man's open, screaming mouth, and 
directly into the space between the 
teeth. After a few of these journeys, 
with the camera beginning at a 
different point each time, we cut 
between screams to a kitchen 
counter with corn flakes, Quaker 
Oats and a faucet dripping 
ominously into a sink full of dirty 
dishes. On the final scream, the 
camera rushes backwards, away 
from the man and-surprisel-out 
of the picture frame. The man, the 
armchair and the long hallway are all 
inside a black and white photo, 
which is then tossed into the ocean 
and plowed over by the wake of a 
boat. 

"The Morning after the Night of 
Power" (1977) is also by Viola, with 
the same sort of things-are-not-as-
they-seem twist in the end. The 
camera sits unmoving in front of a 
table with objects arranged upon it, 
among which is a prominently 
placed, vaguely phallic vase. The day 
goes by, the lighting from a nearby 
window changes, we see reflections 
of people in the glass and hear 
familiar noises. Outside the window, 
a dog runs by and a child peers in. A 
cat jumps up on the table and moves 
cautiously about the vase as evening 
falls. The next morning, a woman 
leaves the house, and the vase, or 
what we have been thinking is a vase, 
floats out the window after her . The , 

please ",m co page 7 

ARTIST INSIGHT 

IMPORTANT MEETING: 
DEAL'ERS WANTED! 

ATIENTION 
all CASINO NIGHT dealers & anyone interested 
in participating in the biggest fun-filled event 
of the year. 

1st MEETING 
for aU CASINO NIGHT 1985 dealers Is Wed., Jan. 
16, at 5 p.m. In the North Conference Room 
(across from EDNA in Student Center). 

IMPORTANT TO ATIEND 
Sign up at OCR next to Canyonview Pool 
& Racquetball Center. 

~ATURDAY. FtDRUARY 23 
8 PM • MAIN GYM 

Jan. 10, 1985 Hiahu 5 



u C eeeeee;e,., SAN eee;eMeeee DIEGO 

INTERNATIONAL 
fIL~ERIES 
1·9·8·5 

T presenred by UCSD University Events Office HIS year the UC San Dieso International Film Seriel 
proudly presents six fine films from France. japan. Brazil, Russia and 
thl! United States. Screenings will include four San Diego premieres, a 
great American film-nair classic, and at least one bonus Sneak Preview . 
---January 15: San Diego Premiere---

LEBAL 
1<)83 . France. By Ectore Scola. 

1 1 2 minutes. 
Le Bal·· last year's Academy Award nominee for Best Foriegn Film, is 

a wonderfully pt:rceptive comedy of manners that chronicles the 
dramatic changes in political power, social behavior and fashion, from 
the 1930's to the present, without ever leavmg the interior of an 
exquisite Art Deco ballroom. 

"Ur!t'rly .:aprivating ... Likely to haw audu:nces Jan':ln;: In the aisles. " 
Kathleen Carroll, N . Y. Dally News 

-------January 22 -------
IN A LONELY PLACE 

[950. U nited States. By Nicholas Ray. 
With Humphrey Bogart 

and Gloria Grahame. 96 min . 
In a Lonely Place, is a powerful and disturbing portrait of an 

embittered screenwriter whose uncontrollable rage leaves him In a state 
of such terrible Isolation, that by the time he 's been cleared of murder 
it's no vindication at all. 

"(Ray's tht'me) that etil.'ry relatIOnship I!Stablishl!S ilJ own moral code 
(s hows ) there IS no su.:h thin;: as absrroct morall ry .. . an IndlSputablercc'ord of 
a very personal an/(Uuh." 

Andrew arris, The American Clnt'Tna 

---January 29: San Diego Premiere ---
THEY DON'T WEAR BLACK TIE 

[981 . BratH. By u.'On Hirsvnan . 
120 minutes. 

One of the most acclaimed and Important films of the rl'Cent new 
wave in Brazilian cinema. TIu.')' Don'l Wear Black Tie , is an intimate 
portrait of the industrial Brazil o f the 1980's. Following the life of a 
Sao Paolo family whose life is torn apart by the out break of a violent 
factory strike, the film explores the conflICt that aTlst!S between the 
Unionist father. his conservative son, and the son·s fiancee . 

.. A n extremely good film ... stron;: . extr<omely movln;:, beautifully directed 
and acted." 

Vmcent Canby, Nev.' York Times 

-------February 5-------
AN UNFINISHED PIECE 

FOR PLAYER PIANO 
1977. USSR. By Nikita Mikhalkotl. 

[00 minutes 
Loosely based o n PlcuOfl(Xl··Chekhov's first full-length play, 

Unfinished P'fce for Player Piano covers the intricate, interlocki ng 
events of a warm summer day on a country estate. It's a bittersweet, 
humorous tapestry of human folly and lost dreams. 

" A small mirade ... reinforces (Mikhalkoti·s) place as a young Russian 
IMSrer ... An astonuhing example of L'Teative adaptation." 

David Ansen, Newsweek 

---February 12: San Diego Premiere ---
LE CRABE TAMBOUR 

1977. France . By Pierre SdweruiOl.'T{f('T. 
Cinematography by Raoul Coutard . 

I..c Crabe Tambour is an enormously romantic film about war and 
honor and empire. A complex £lim whose sensibilities are firmly 
rooted In the 19th century, and whICh owes more than a little to Joseph 
Conrad, it's a a series of tales about an enigmatic French naval officer 
(Crabe Tambour) who served in Indochina in the 1950's, as he's 
remembered by three fellow officers in the 1970's. 

Spellblnding ... a vi.s1Ul1 s~p and maJcsty ... the most breathtakingly 
evocarive (photography) I've ever seen in a motion picture." 

Vmcl!nt Canby, New York Times 
-------February 19------

THE FAMILY GAME 
1984. Japan . By Yosnimitsu Morita. 

107 minutes . 
The Famil, Game is a wickedly funny comedy about japan's 

comparatively affluent, completely dlrectionless new middle class. 
From first shot to last, it's a visual adventure-·a succession ofbrillianrly 
colored compositions satirizing the worst aspects of japan's economic 
modernism. 

"The Family Game is so Tlch that Mr. Morita would seem 10 be one of the 
mCMt tlliented and original of Japan 's new generation of filmmakers." 

Vincent Canby, New York Tllncs 
--~-~--Ticket pricu: 

.eriu $20.00, lin.k G.A. $5.00, Itudent $3.00 
All filma will be 35mm print. .hown in their oriainal 

lanl\laae with Enali.h lubtitlea. 
Screeninp will be at 7:30 p.m. on Tueeday niahu in 

Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickeu CIt UCSD Box Office ur Tlcketmn: 452-4559 

6 Hianu Jan. 10, 1985 

WELCOME BACK EVERYONE! 
TONlGH1'. Thursday, January 10 9 pm 

Tickets available Up Tallem and TlCketmaster 

Funky country / R('B 

RANK & FILE 
with 9uests 
THE BUT FARMU 

Friday. January II 9:30 pm 

Reggae music with 
INTERNATIONAL 

REGGAE 
ALL * STARS 

AND TALK BAC .. 

Saturday, January 12 9:15 pm 
'Tm A ,Y,an" is back! 

SPENCER 
DAVIS 

'Tm A Min:' 'Keep on Runnin . 
'Gimme Some Lo"';n :' Turned WIth 

Saev.e Winwood, SpenceJ mIde 1>'9 noise 
tn the Sixties BKk by poputar demand 

with guests ROLLO IIIUI1I 
(formerly Naughty Sweetie) 

Sunday, January 13 8 pm·midnight 
R('B deluxe 

FIVE CARELESS LOVERS 
& THE BAD HABITS HORNS 

Nostalgic Rock Eo Roll 

THE 
FABULOUS 
MARDELS 

Every Tuesday 9:30 pm 
Reggae music. This week 

TALK BACK 
Wednesday. January 16 9 pm 

,~ R&R~ 
51VE 

UNESOP 
Coming: Thursday, January 17 9 pm 

rickets available at Belly lip and Tlcketmaster 

10 men on a mission 

JACK MACK 
& THE 
HEART 

ATrACK 

t!I 

Thursday. January 24- * BLASTERS * 
JIIOI'IDAY NIGHT N PIlI I. 

99C "BUILD YOUR OWN n.rADA JUGKr'-
includes beans, rice and all the toppings. A current video movie 

will be showing during the special. 

..... AI'1"EJUIIOOII CO. earn 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DAYS,.. v. EEK TO 7 PM 

Friday. 5:30 pm·8 pm-CHICAGO S)][ 
Wednesday, 6 pm·8:30 pm-STONE'S THROW 

THE BELLY UP CAPE-NOW OPEN 
Yes, we finally got our restaurant reopened and u~r our management ... 

great food ... check it out . 

FORINFORMATIONCAU.481-9022 

UCSD's Second Annual 
International Film Series begins 
this week with the area premiere 
of Le Bal. The French comedy 
was nominated for an Academy 
Award . The film screens 
Tuesday and tickets are available 
at the box office. <452 .... 559. 

* * * The Museum of Photographic 
Arts in Balboa Park will present 
PhotOiraphy in California: 
1945 -1980startingTuesday. 
This exhibit traces California's 
photograhy boom since World 
War II. 239,5262. 

* * * Two technologically sophist!, 
cated musicians from Mills 
College, David Roeenboom 
and William Winant, will 
perform "Zones of Influence" at 
the UCSD Center for Music 
Experiment on Wednesday at 8 
pm. There will also be a seminar 
by the duo on Tuesday at 2 pm. 
<452,3229. 

* * * Eu,ene Fodor will give a 
special performance Monday at 
Sherwood Auditorium as a 
presentation of the San Diego 
Chamber Orchestra. Tickets are 
available at the La Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art. 

* * * Tonight there will be lOme 
good old get down rock and roU 
from the up IIIld coming tp'oup 
known 81 RaDk and File at the 
Belly·up in Solana Beach. 
Warming up the show will be 
local boys the Beat Farmers. 481-
9022. 

Goings on 
Check it out 

With the lP'e8tett of eue. According to the press 
information on 8iU T. Jones/Arnie Zane &. Co. 
"playful violence and rough-housing are an integral 
part" of its performance. UCSD will be treated to this 
wild troupe this Sunday in Mandeville. The group dates 
back to the early '70s when the partnership was 
formed. The dancers use each others' hips, hands and 
shoulders as springboard and levers. 452- 4559. 

3'. Company 6i. Dancen 
presents IIIl evening of modern 
dance with the Territory Dance 
Theater of Arizona. The 
performance will be at 8 pm in 
the company's downtown 
studio. 2~9523. 

If :YOU would like an 
event included in G>ings 
On please send it to 8-016, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 9:l093 (If 
call 45:l-3466. 

V~deo, video, video 
conrinw4 /Tom pa,e 4 
effect is mysterious and somewhat spooky. 

In the same program, there is "Vito's Reef" by Howard 
Fried. A bor'!d lecturer talking about "experiencing the avant, 
garde" is transposed along with his blackboard to a variety of 
locations in a house, all the while haphazardly explaining that 
"only objects are in this world. The actions that move them are 
totally out of it." Vito's Reef, he tells us, is a boundary of 
information across which "mature transmissions" must be 
sent. To punctuate his point, he pulls out a small plastic horse 
and gestures with it. 

I don't know about mature transmissions, but Fried's video 
does tend to drag on a bit after an initially interesting idea. After 
the bored lecturer, we are treated to an exasperated woman in 
athletic gear, with a blackboard in the middle of a sports field. 
She practices lines like "offending the masses" while an offstage 
male voice coaches her to lecture in the same bored and 
sarcastic manner as the previous lecturer. Then there is an 
abrupt cut to two Mexican men who have found what appears 
to be a jar of pickled vegetables under the bleachers, then cut 
back to the bearded lecturer. This time he is attempting to teach 
a chubby kid concepts like "chiaroscuro" by hitting him on 
either side: "Give me light. See? Now shadow from the other 
side." It's a good concept-art through martial arts-but when 
one considers that the tape runs 34 minutes, one can see that 
Fried could probably use a good editor. 

There are, of course, hours and hours of videotape in the 
show which I have yet to see. Many of these programs sound 
promising. Program 5, for example, includes "Television 
Delivers People" by Richard Serra, a series of printed facts to 
Muzak, and "Global Groove" by Nam June Paik (with Allen 
Ginsberg, John Cage and Charlotte Moorman.) There are also 
numerous examples of feminism in video art, a staged "media 
event" by AntFarm, footage of the 1980 Olympics in LaJce 
Placid and variations on the documentary. All in all, not a show 
to be missed. 

"New American Video Art: A Historical Survey 1967-
1980" is a traveling exhibition organized by the Whitney 
Museum of American Art, New York. For serious viewers, I 
suggest setting the program and viewing guide, available at the 
front deale of the gallery for 25 cents. The seating is 
comfortable, there are two screens for viewing, and there is no 
charge for admission. The Mandeville Art Gallery is open from 
noon to 5 pm, Tuesdays through Sundays, located 
conveniently on Muir Campus. 

UCSD University Events Office presents University Events Office presents 

BILL T.JONES/ARNIE ZANE 
& co. 

January 13, Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $10.50, Students $6.50 
UCSD Fac/Staff, Seniors Cit. $8.50 

~-UCSD Box Office & Ticketron: 452-4559_~ 

~? P TWENTIETH CEN1t.JRY-FOX Pr e 8 8 ,cs A MRAMAX RLMSFELEASE 
A RLM BY DA. PENf\EBAKER 

ZIGGY STAFIJUST AND THE SPIDERS ~ MARS 
A MAlNVIAN PROOLJCTION in association with PENf\EBAKER ASSOCIATES, INC. 

ProdJoed end Directed by D.A. PE"-"EBAKER I 000GtNI\l """''"'"'''' AV-' I ~ ro'PWI'Ia. __ I'III N~~o;Rl5 ONACAI!fC:ORDS~CA.Km t~-.... -.--~ [lJ1 GDa .... I SAR.L~ 1917 ... _____ ~ I. 
=-'-'- "V·i·" .",.,. 

January 11, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

$2.00 
UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

Jan. 10, 1985 Hu... 7 



I 

BR~EFS 
COLLEGE 
"'f," II> _ . 1I> ...... 1Od II> ... _ . 1I> ___ IOd-...g· A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego 

~.~ ~~dt~ 
WARREN 

PARENTS WEEKEND 
Coming Soon! A weekend for 

Warren College students to invite 
their parents and families to see 
what's going on at the college. 
Parents and students may select 
from a wide variety of activities 
including student-acted plays, inter-
collegiate volleyball, Trivial Pursuit 
tournament, brunch with Warren 
faculty and staff, tour of Scripps 
Aquarium , campus tours, student 
developmem workshops and more. 
Invite your folks to join us on 
Saturday and Sunday, February 2 -
3. The weekend evem will conclude 
wi th the Warren Apartment 
Dedication ceremony and 
community party on Sunday, 
February 3 from 2:00 to 4:00. For 
more information please phone 
Elizabeth Elkins at 452-4350. 

IAST CHANCE 
Warren College 

STUDENT ORIENTATION 
COORDINATORS 

WARREN COLLEGE 
APARTMENT DEDICATION 

& COMMUNIlY PARlY 
Mark your calendar for Sunday, 

February 3 and plan to attend the 
Warren College Apartment 
Dedication Ceremony and 
Community Parry being held at the 
new complex from 2:00 to 4:00 pm. 
Various musical groups will perform 
(electronic cello, small wind 
ensemble, etc.) and the Chancellor 
and Provost Michael Addison will 
share a few words. Join your fellow 
students as we initiate our first 
annual Warren Student Tradition 
and witness Dr. Addison bury the 
Warren studem time capsule from 
1985. A pany with lots offood and 
drink will follow. For more 
information , speak with the 
Residence Life staff members or 
phone Elizabeth Elkins at 452-4350. 
We welcome any and all volunteers 
who would like to be a parr of this 
special college event. 

• Assist in development of WOW '85 
• Select & supervise volunteer Orientation Leaders 
• Coordinate student/parent orientation sessions 
• Oversee major Welcome Week events 

. Salary - $6,lllhour 
Applications Available at Student Employment 

- Deadline to Apply-
TOMORROW!!! Friday, January II 

Need more info? Call x4731. 
~%~ 

WARREN ON WHEELS 
Well , welcome back to a new year, let's make 1985 a memorable year. On the 

programming scene, we have a couple of events planned for January. OnJanuary 
12, we will be taking a trip to the mountains. Transponation will be provided for 
the first 12 people to sign up. So put on your winter clothing, pack a lunch and join 
us for a day in the snow. OnJanuary 19, Commuter Board will sponsor a Car Rally 
around San Diego. More information will be out later this week. OnJanuary 24, our 
Provost, Michael Addison, will be cooking breakfast for all interested students. 
Come meet Dr. Addison and his staff, and at the same time enJoy a heany breakfast 
before your midterm. There will be a $1 donation. Also this month start signing up 
for Commuter Bed Buddies. Bed Buddies week will be on February 7-14, so sign 
up now! If you don't know what bed buddies are, come in and see me or look at the 
info sheet when you sign up. Please sign up for all events at the Warren College 
Provost Office. More info will be available during sign-up. Also in the next week, we 
\vill be circulating a petition for the planning and building of the new Warren 
College Commuter Lounge. Please look for us on Revelle Plaza or come in to the 
Provost Office to sign the petition. My office hours for this quarrer will be on 
Tuesday, 8-11 am, Wednesday, 1-4:30 pm and Friday, 1O:30-noon. If you are 
imerested in receiving Commuter information, please fill out the form at the 
bottom and return it to the Warren Provost Office. Have a good quarter and hope to 
~~2~~~~~~~~~~ _____________________ _ 

Name 
Address Phone Number ____________________________________________ _ 
What are you interested in? 

A. Helping and planning events. 
B. Knowing when events are happening. 
C. Both 
D. Other: 

The "INTELLECTUAL FOOTBALL GAME " 
or COLLEGE BOWL COMES TO WARREN 

You can pit the well prepared minds of yourself and three teammates against 
those of your collegiate colleagues on Wednesday.January 30th. The College Bowl 
has finally come to Warren College. Our tOP two tearns will move on to represent 
E.W. College at the UCSD College Bowl Tournament later this quarrer, and could 
even move on to the regional, or the finals (dare we hope?). 

The College Bowl is an "intellectual football gamt:" which pits two tearns in a 
question and.answer game lasting 30 minutes. Questions are drawn from the range 
of human knowledge, so the best prepared team will include members with 
background in math and the sciences, the social sciences, the humanitites, and the 
arts (not quite as trivi : ~ . .:; Trivial Pursuit). This game will make you wish you had 
paid more attention to the profs in your G.E. classes. Winners will receive prizes, 
and the cheers of our audience. 

You can only receive those cheers and those prizes by competing, and you can 
only compete If you register your team by Fnday, January 25th in the Warren 
College Provo t s Butldmg 

8 Hiatus Jan. 10, 1985 

TO ALL INTERNATIONAL & AMERICAN STUDENTS 
Broaden your cultural horizons right here in San Diego! The Community 

Contact Program is still accepting applications from both International &c 
American students who are interested in a friendship exchange. 

The goal of the program is to provide UCSD American students and local 
community families with the opponunity to meet and befriend an international 
student, and to give our international students a personal link with Amnerican 
family life. While there is no expectation of a home stay, American students will 
share their friendship with a person from a distant land, by inviting the student 
over for dinner, to a baseball or football game, or to an occasional family picnic. The 
international students are encouraged to invite their "American family" to a 
campus sponsored event or cook a traditional meal. Both international students 
and families are expected to pay their own way when attending events unless other 
arrangements have been made. We would also ask that the committment to 
regularly correspond with each other be made for the entire academic year. 

Interested? Come by the International Center to pick up an application or sign 
up at the Friday luncheons. Need more information? Call: 

Margaret Kendrick 
Contact Family Coordinator 
453-2481 

Denise Campbell 
Contact Student Coordinator 
4~2-4731 

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT 
The annual Leadership Development Program is scheduled for Winter Quarrer 

1985. The program is formatted like a class, with one meeting per week. Presenters 
from on and off-campus will facilitate workshops in the following areas: What is 
leadership?; Self Image and Assertion; Communications Skills; Decisionmaking, 
Goal Setting, and Implementation; Time Management; The Leader and the 
Changing World. 

Sponsored by the Warren Dean's Office, these workshops will help prepare you 
for leadership pOSitions at UCSD, (and can even give you an advantage when you 
apply for some of those prime paid positions like RA or Student Orientation 
Coordinator), and give your resume a boost. 

Registration is now open, but will close on FridayJanuary 18th. Information and 
registration applications are available in the Warren Provost's Office. You can also 
call 452-6171 and ask f6r the Student Activities Coordinator. 

"SWEET .. P" GRAPHIC PLOTIER FREE·! 
A Warren College parent has donated to the college a "Sweet-P" graphic plotter and 

accompanying software paclcage to fit most personal computers. This plotter can be 
used for graph processing, chart processing, engineering graphics and overhead 
transparencies as well as colorful pie charts, bar graphs, straight and curved line graphs, 
illustrations and alphanumeric labeling. The retail value is $1,000. 

The college resident life community is in need of a modest concert piano (preferably 
a used Steinway, Yamaha Upright, Mason and Hamlin or Baby Grand) to uae as a part 
of performances in the common space at the Warren apartments. 

*Our offer: The plotter will be given to any Warren College student whose family 
can donate a concert inustrument similar to the one described above. A free 
demonstration will accompany the plotter package. For more information (or If you 
have an instrument to offer) please phone Eli:abeth Elkins at .. 52 .... 350. 

COMMUTER LOCKERS A V AILABLE! 
Located at P&L and at Bonner Hall . Only $5 per quarter. 

Hurry to the Dean's om e-while supplies last. 


