
Students For 
lllNG IP£SIPOlNSIIlBILlE DIR\llJNKlING IP£SroNSlllBSILlE JDIR?llNOCJI]f~f(G IRlES 

q~ IP£SIPOlNSlllBSILlE JDrulNOClING RESPONSIBLE DRINKING 1RE~T7 
~SroNSlllBSILlE JDIR?llNll(llN<G IP£SroNSlllEILlE lDJruNoc.lllNG 1RlF~ 

l)lNSlIlEILlE DIDJNKlIlNG IP£SIPONSIIlBSILlE lD;~NCG IR?F 
°f7lBILlE lDruJNKlINCG IP£SroNSlllBSILlE DIDNJ1(JIlN<G IR<fr"" 

~ lD;1F(llINOCJIN<G IP£SIPONSIIIBILlE DruNoc.llNG P 
~~<G IP£SroNSIIIBILlE DIDNOCJIlNG ~ 

~NCG IruESroNSIIIBILlE JD~r 
~~ ruESroNSlllBSILlE D~(f 

~SroNSIIIBILlE IDJ~/ 
~1))NSm1LJ& lDIruNll{~F 

"smu 1D>~' 
')lJE IDJ~ 

JD;ruf! 
~ 
NO 
.Wi\ 
OCJ[N«: 
JINCGl 
NCG Iru 
~GIF(E 
~ IP£SIF 
RIESIPO 

~ro~ 
~IPONS 

~NS[l 
~NSIIIH 
Smt 
JBSILlE 
BILlE 1[ 
vILlE lD 
~U: ID>IDi 
.~JLIEID>~ 

. ~~ll1BILlE JD;~CG lRlt:... 
__ ~~SmILlE lD~G IruESro~c.. 
il~roNSmILlE lD~NG IruESroNsm~ L-. 

see page 7 



Persons suffering from asthma are 
needed for a UC D Medical Center 
study testing the effectiveness of 
nedocromil. a new drug believed to be 
safe and effective in treating asthma 
symptoms 

During the seven-visit study. patients 
will receive either nedocromil or a 
placebo through a metered dose inhaler. 
After a baseline period. patients wdl take 
medication four times daily for 14 
weeks. In a two-week follow-up segment. 
patients will be maintained on therapy 
on an "as-needed basis." 

Nedocromil is believed to provide 
protection against bronchoconstriction 
induced by exercise or exposure to 
antigen In addition. It may be effective 
In controlling asthma symptoms and in 
reducing a patient's need for 
concomitant bronchodllators. 

Panicipants must be between the ages 
of 12 and 70 and in good general health 
except for their asthma. Panicipants will 
be paid $200 upon completion of the 
study. For information call Paul 
Ferguson at 29-+-3885 . 

o 
Patients with two or more 

recurrences of genital herpes are 
needed tor a study testing the 
effectiveness of topical interferon on 
herpes outbreaks. 

Results of a positive culture must be 
presented pnor to enrollment in the 
study. Patients will be given either 
medication or a placebo and asked to 
treat one outbreak With the ointment at 
ho·me. 

Patients will be followed fo r about 
three months from the treated outbreak. 
Pamcipants must be at least 18 years of 
age and using adequate birth control 
methods. 

For information call Wendy Young at 
260-3584 

o 
The University of California has 

dnnounced a ne", oldm.lsslons 
olPphca!lon ~y~tl'm that wHl for the first 
time <lllow ,tudent, [0 apply [0 all Ihe 
UC CampU5l'~ of their chOice 
Simultaneously through a ~lngle 
application fo rm The new centralized 
multlple-fthng system will become 
effective 'ovember 1985 for the fall 
1986 academic year 

"A main difference between the 
current admissions procedure and the 
new system IS that Instead of one 
campus responding to an applicant, 
the new system will allow several 
campuses to respond at once to an 
applicant regarding his or her 
admiSSibility," UC Assistant Vice 
President for Student AcademIC Service! 
Alice Cox said 

Under the new system. students Will 
submit a single application form to the 
Untversity indlcdtlng the campuses 
where they Wish to be conSidered . 

For the same current application fee 
of $35, students may be conSidered at 
twO campuses. For each additional 
campus, the applicant will pay an 
additional $20 fee . 

The campuses will continue to have 
sole responstbtlity for the selection and 
admiSSIOn of students. according to 
Cox. If accepted. the student must select 
one campus by retumlng to that campus 
a Statement of Intent to Register. 

Apphcations for undergraduate 
enrollment at all of UCs eight general 
campuses have more than doubled In 
the past several years, from 39.464 In 
fall 1980 to 63.900 In faU 1985. 

Under the current admiSSions 
procedure, student~ send their 
apphcation to their flr~t-cholce campu~ . 

Students who cannot be accommodated 
at their first-choice campus are 
redirected to other UC campuses where 
space rem,lIns ,wadable. Although the 
redirection process has worked well for 
the University in the past, according to 
Cox, "It is no longer a viable alternative 
because the traditional second-choice 
cam puses have also experienced 
increased applications and enrollment." 

As a consequence, "Large numbers of 
highly qualified students have not been 
accepted at the campus or in the major 
that was their first choice," Cox added. 
In addition, the problem of time lag 
caused by conventional methods of 
transmitting information between the 
campuses and students has caused 
"students otherwise qualified to enter 
the U mversity to go elsewhere as 
deadlines for other institutions become 
CruCial," Cox said , "and those who 
choose to enter the University are 
sometimes faced with the prospect of 
arrendmg thei r ftfth- or Si xth-c hOice 
campus." 

With Increasing application rates 
expected to continue, enrollment 
demands will remain high on all UC 
campuses, according to Cox. "With the 
new admissions system, I believe the 
University will improve the students' 
chances of being accepted at a campus 
that is closest to their first choice and 
as early as possible," Cox concluded. 

o 
The works of 39 artists, some of them 

gardeners, carpenters, cooks, mechanics 
and institutionalized visionaries, will be 
shown in the nation's first historical 
survey of West Coast folk and outsider 
an beginning on June 1 at UCSD 
MandeVille Gallery. according to gallery 
d I rector Gerry MeAll isteT. 

ThiS powerful travehng exhibition, 
PIOneers In Paradise: Folh and OUlSlder 
A,llsts (if the We t Coast, is the result of 
three ),ears of effort hy curators Susan C 
Larsen and her husband . photogmpher 
LaUTI Roben Martin . who tOok It upon 
themseh'cs to delve IntO hlstoTical 

archlvc~ and pnvate collections and talk 
to ,miSts In Inner cities and backwoods, 
mountain cabi ns and desen villages. 
The result of the Manlns' labor of love is 
a collection of 115 works. dating from 
1844 to the present 

Larsen said the scholarly quest tor 
West Coast native and folk an was 
stimulated by her relationship With the 
prolific self-taught painter Jon Serl. She 
qUickly learned how meager was the 
supply of any published material on the 
subject 

Except for public works by such 
anists as Simon Rodla (the Watts 
Towers), Peter Mason Bond (the San 
FranCISCo Peace Garden), and Sanford 
Darhng (the San Francisco "House of a 
Thousand Paintings"), most of the works 
had rarely or never been seen by the 
public. 

The Long Beach Museum of Art, the 
Henry Art Gallery of the University of 
Washington in Seattle, and the San Jose 
Museum of Art have co-sponsored the 
show. The exhibition is also funded In 
part by a grant from the National 
Endowment for the Arts . 

The show will be at the MandeVille 
Gallery through July 7. Gallery hours are 
noon to 5 pm, Tuesday through Sunday 
(closed on holidays). A catalog IS 
Jvallable. For more Informanon , call 
452-2864 

o 
A full complement of unde.graduate 

courses Will be molde available thiS 
~ummer aI UCSD by fJculty members 

~---------~~--------~ 
-rl -t- 11. ,. 

t- ~ 
~ ~ ~ 

" 

IJ .. ~ ... L.,; ~.oiI ~ If , ... 

-

l4 I ~II ~ , ... r 1'1 1...11 
II , I '~'I • • I, .... JIII" l1li I' L\ I..- i0oi 
r l..1li ~f It.! tIol-

, If LL 
, ,- f] c')t5 
I 

Cover: Students may face an end to dorm parries and 
beer at TGs despite the efforts of Students For 
Responsible Drinking. The group has . presented an 
alternate proposal to Joe Watson's Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse Committee, the committee that last 
quarrer recommended campus prohibition. Read about 
that proposal and its chances of acceptance in the cover 
story on page 7. 
News: Students representing the UC system rallied at the 
Berkeley meeting of the UC Regents Friday, and CalPIRG 
proponents protest the AS reversal of last quarter's referendum 
vote concerning reg. fee forms. 
Opinions: An editor goes to Berkeley to listen and look at how the 
UC Regents conduct themselves under pressure. A viewpoint 
barks, yelps and cries the pains of those dogs who cannot under 
the cold hands of medical researchers. Plus luscious letters and 
ducktailed Doonesbwy. 
Perspectives: Roaming in between active protestors and stone-
faced regents goes an awestruck writer of existential descent. A few 
photos paint an even larger picture than a few flowery expressions 
can pOSSibly express. Keep the faith! 
Sports: The 1985 Spring Diving OlympiCS comes to UCSD, and 
women's water polo ends its season sadly, but not unsuccessfully. 
Plus ... The Weekly Calendar 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

and others. The courses are the same as 
those offered during the academic year 
,md carry full credit toward graduation 
from UCSD and other University of 
Cali forma campuses. 

ummer sessIOns enable many 
students to reduce their course loads 
dunng regular academic qu,mers. For 
working students, 41 summer sessIOn 
courses Will begin after 5 pm. 

Quahfied high school students may 
also attend summer session courses. 
High sc hool JUniors with B-plus averages 
may attend lower-division courses, and 
honor students may take upper-division 
courses with the permis~ion of the 
instructor. 

Formal admission to the University of 
Califomia is not required to anend 
summer session, and attendance does 
not constitute admission for the 
academic year. Students who plan to 
transfer credits earned in summer 
school to another institution should first 
obtai n approval from that school. 

For more information and a free 
summer sessIOn catalog, call 452-4364, 
or write to the Director of Summer 
Session. Q-028, lOlA Administrative 
Complex, UCSD, Lajolla, CA 92093. 

o 
The San Diego/ Imperial Counties 

Chapter of the American Red Cross has 
received donations totaling more than 
$1,150.000 for the African Famine Relief 
Ca mpaign ThiS is the largest amount of 
funds any chapter in the United States 
has raised . A donation of $1 million 
was ~vven by the Joan B. Kroc 
roundatlon in La Jolla . 

The American National Red Cross has 
more than fulfilled ItS pledge to raise a 
minimum of $5 mllhon for African 
famine rehef To dJte, It has sent more 
than 17 mllhon Td lsed by chaplers 
through ut the country. La t year, when 
rehef cffom In Afrka caused an almost 

complete drain on its resources, the 
League of Red Cross and Red Crescent 
Societies (LORCS) sent out a worldwide 
plea to its member SOCieties for more 
money to aid the millions of people 
starving in Africa due to prolonged 
drought. 

James H. West , CPA, managing 
partner of the firm of West , TurnqUist 
and Schmitt, who was a member of a 
fact-finding mission to Africa, is a 
member of the Board of Governors of 
the American National Red Cross. He is 
a member of the board of directors of 
the San Diego/ Imperial Counties 
Chapter and a former chapter chairman. 

"It is heartwarming," he says, "to 
know the people of San Diego and 
Imperial Counties can respond so 
willingly and so quickly to the needs of 
others. 

"\ went to Africa as pan of a fact-
finding mission for the Red Cross to 
find out exactly how bad conditions 
were and whether Red Cross aid was 
both efficient and effective. 

"I can never forget what I saw. Some 
relief camps are in remote areas, far 
from cities and roads. In these camps 
are gathered people whose lives are 
literally slipping away from us each day. 
I saw children two and three years of 
age who were no larger than babies of 
six months. 

"Red Cross food and medical aid is 
getting to where it IS needed. 
Unfonunately, many African countries 
will need aid for years to come. I hope 
the American people and panicularly 
San Diegans will not let this problem 
drop from their minds." 

The Red Cross will continue to accept 
funds earmarked for the Afri an Famine 
Relief Campaign. Se nd donations to: 
American Red ross, San Dlego/ lmpenal 

ounties Chapter, 3650 Fifth Ave ., San 
Diego, CA 92103. 

- Renee Wenrick 

MO'lday. May 20, 1985 3 
NEWS 

. . . .-~. . 

UC divestment 
supporters go to UCB 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE. Staff Wnttr 

A FTER ALMOST A MONTH of sit-ins, teach-ins, boyco[(s of classes. marches and sleep-ins, 45 
members of the UCSD Free South Africa 
Coali tion caravaned to UC Berkeley to 
join in a campuswide rally intended to 
blockade the UC Regents in their May 
17 meeting until they voted for complete 
divestment of UC funds from the 
apartheid South African government. 
Although the UCSD representatives met 
with a surprisingly small turnout of 
about l ,OOO feUow students, faculty and 
staff, facing off against more than 250 
police.officers, thei r protests resulted In 
the Regents declaring a month-long 
moratorium (until their June 20 meeting) 
on investments in South Africa. 

The three vans for the UCSD 
contingent'S journey to Berkeley were 
funded by the Graduate Student 
Council, the AS Council, and AS 
President Mary Rose Alexander's 
executive discretionary fund . Alexander 
estimated the rental fee and gas for the 
vans will total $900. 

Two of the vans arrived at Berkeley in 
time for the Thursday Regents meeting, 
which drew almost 1.500 protestors. The 
police had minor difficulty esconing the 
regents from the first of two day 
meetings, having to clear 15 wheelchair 
students who had locked themselves to 
the main entrance of the Lawrence Hall 
of Science. 

On the second day the protesLOrs 
were out-maneuvered by the anny of 
police, who restructured their tactics to 
guard the massive fortress-like building 
by corralling the protestors away from 
the main entrance and circular 
driveway. Thineen arrests were reported 
as many students tried to scale the steep 
slopes leading LO the hall. 

Using a large fiberglass whale 
obtained from one of the hall's science 
exhibits as a makeshift battering ram, 
the protestors attempted LO trap some of 
the officers against the wall next to the 
front door. A banner hanging from the 
whale quoted South African Nobel Peace 
Prize winner Desmond Tutu: "Carry out 
the protest with the dignity that is 
consistent with the cause which you 
have espoused." 

The group of student representatives 
who were admitted into the Regents 

meeting were orderly, interrupting the 
meeting occasionally with either 
applause or chants for full divestment. 
They could nO! hear their fellow 
protestors outside through the thickly 
walled building, but their voices echoed 
the thousands of students nationwide 
whose actions have resulted in 
divestment by a dozen colleges. 

Few of the demonstrators expected 
an immedlate divestment of the $2.2 
billion won.h of financial interests in 
companies doing business in South 
Africa. Many were stanled at the 
opening of the meeting when Regent 
Edward Caner, chair of the Board's 
committee on investments, began with 
the moratorium disclosure, which he 
said was recommended by University 
Treasurer Hemen Gordon. The Regents 
refused to make a final decision on 
divestment until their regular meeting 
on june 20 in San Francisco. UC 
President David Gardner scheduled a 
special meeting and a public hearing on 
divestment for June 10 at UClA, where 
experts will testify on financial 
investments in South Africa. 

One of the expens testifying at the 
Friday Regents meeting, Roben Price, ' 
associate professor of political science at 
Berkeley, presented a history of 
apartheid . Price told the Board that the 
size of the UC investment ponfolio 
would greatly influence the internal 
politics of South Africa. Regent Caner 
was impressed by Price's presentation, 
but denied the validity of his 
conclusion. Other financial expen.s 
testified on investment, but many of the 
regents said the meeting provided little 
in the way of concrete guidelines for an 
immediate decision. 

UC President Gardner held strong to 
his belief that apanheid and 
investments need to be seen as twO 
separate issues. He hoped the june 10 
special meeting would give a more 
comprehensive overview and guideline 
for the next Regents meeting. 

The UCSD Free South Africa 
Coalition has not decided on its next 
plan of action. Arnie Schoenberg, a 
UCSD representative at the Berkeley 
rally, said of the Coalition's members, 
"They'll do what they have to do to 
make a statement. I favor a non-violent 
approach." ~ 

KROY LE I I ERING 
Make a great impression 

AB 
C 

• Resumes • Reports 
• Flyers • Coupons 
• Newsletters • Graphs 

• Letterhead 
-Forms 
• Charts 

kinko·s· 
457·3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

Some of the approximately 40 UCSD students who attended the Berkeley apartheid protest. 

CalPIRG circulates 
AS recall petition 
By SUZANNE LIFSON. SralfWnter 

A PETITION FOR an AS recall election was staned nearly twO weeks ago by CaIPIRG, the 
California Public Interest Research 
Group, in response to a council vote to 
rescind the former council's suppon of 
the CalPIRG referendum which 
appeared on the March ballot. 

That referendum passed 1710-879. 
Arguments arose when the current 

council declared its support for so-called 
"Form B" of the registration form which 
lists fees in four payment options: 
mandatory fees, fees plus CalPIRG, 
mandatOry fees plus health insurance, 
and mandatory fees plus health 
insurance and CaIPIRG. This measure 
was approved by all but twO council 
members at the AS meeting on May 8. 

According to AS President Mary Rose 

Alexander, the new council feels that the 
referendum was deceptively worded on 
the ballot , asking students whether they 
"suppon a chapte r of CalPIRG at UCSD 
which will be funded by a voluntary 
$3.00 per quaner fee." Alexander said 
that the resolution to implement Form B 
"makes (the form) more generic" and is 
fairest to the students who were not 
made aware of other fonn options by 
CaIPIRG's request. Alexander said the 
council, in its decision. is "nOt being 
patemalistic." 

Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joseph Watson has repeatedly 
said that the University Administration 
does not recognize the existence of 
"voluntary fees ." 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE Q > 

3 SIISSIO.S 

Summer Credits 
$SAUnit 

Transferrable To UCSD 
Enroll at San Diego 

Com.m.unity Colleges 
G ••• Beqll11'emenu 
Math 0 English 0 Economics 0 Speech 
Art 0 Statistics 0 Calculus 

LaDCll .... 
Spanish 0 French 0 Germa.n 0 Italian 
Chinese 0 Japanese 0 RUSSian 

U .. fu18kil~ 
Data Processing 0 Word Processing 
Accounting 0 Typing 0 Automotive 
Interior Design 0 Travel Be'Iburism 

CLASS_ BJIGI. 
JVl!DI 3, JVRJI 17 4' JULY 8 

City College 
1313 Twelfth 
230-2475 

Mesa College 
7250 Mesa College Dr. 
560-2682 

ECC 
4343 Ocean View Blvd. 
230-2851 

Miramar College 
10440 Black Mtn. Road 
693·6844 



The regents run raggedly in reverse 
It is no small wonder to watch a generation of fundamentalists react 

to emotional truths. This past weekend at Lawrence Laboratory, pitched 
on a mountain in Berkeley, the forces of change clashed with the 
strongholds of power. To be sure it was the spirit of Stephen Biko, 
whose name i imbedded in the voi e box of bravery, that drew the 
boundaries of discussion. Also, we must know that wealth and the 
greedy guarantee of profit spurred the cynical remarks ~f some regents. 
But superseding failed blockades, disorganization , physical intimidation, 
patronage , ondescension, biting winds, grinding hikes and vicious 
aesthetics was a conciliatory gesture by the power wielders to hold off 
further investments in the e now-familiar companies that manufacture 
misery in South Africa. The decision, announced by regretful Regent 
Edward Carter, came early in Fnday's proceedings 111 order to calm a 
critical, divisive audience. 

George Dcukmc)larl 

Who knows what evil 
lurks in the hearts of 
men? Dow Jones knows. 

Dal1ti G(lrdrll'l 

Univer ity of California President DaVId Gardner spoke next without 
exhibiting any shame concerning his refusal to condemn apartheid . 
ObVIOusly, PreSident Gardner sleeps soundly at night aware of public 
perception that believes him to be a racist. If in case he disputes that 
observation, someone might ask him to list his contributions in the 
realm of ciVil rights. Gardner drones on about how the Regents have yet 
to be informed how socially responsible corporations have been in 
industrial hiStory, what the University'S function is with regards to 
shareholders, the success and failures of other universities that have 
already divested , and alternative routes of non-exploitative profiteering. 
Covertly they ar implying that it is not the fact that blacks in South 
Africa have had their culture destroyed by white minority control that 
has impelled them to invest elsewhere, but simply whether all this chaos 
on campus is worth the struggle of retaining investment. Progressive 
regents such as Yvonne Burke, Speaker of the California Assembly Willie 
Brown , Stanley Sheinbaum and left-leaning liberal Leo McCarthy staged 
quite a show of indignance when hearing the doubting skepticism of 
our more pompous bigwigs. For example , Jennifer Davis, the executive 
director of the American Committee on Africa , gave a very coherent 
presentation on the failure of the Sullivan Principles to produce 
egalitarian change in South Africa. She argued that there is no code of 
conduct that has made life easier for black workers. All of those 
contributions made to the educational sector in South Africa have gone 
straight into white schools. Forget, she said, those raving reviews of 
corporate behavior issued by conservative groups here in the United 
States. White workers still hold 95% of the jobs in such giants as IBM. 
"If you think," she smirked, "that divestment won't induce substantial 
change in South Africa , then let me cite some key statistics. Seventy 
percent of the computer industry, 40% of oil manufacturing, and 30% of 
the automobile industry is controlled by US corporations. South Africa 
never has been , and is not today, a self-sufficient society. It could not 
survive total divestment." When she finished fending off provocative 
stares from disguised regents , Davis walked away to the dignified cheers 
of tearful supporters 

The hardliners, though , never blinked. Throughout the entire 
proceedings that hammered away at the essence of d ivestment- that 
being the utter correcmess of the act-men like Governor Deukmej ian 
stirred not. In fact, the highest official in the State of California did not 
even ask a Single question of the speakers! Could it possibly be that he 
is stunned and amazed at the lucidity of the proper choice? Or is it 
merely that he does not want to offend Willie Brown so close to election 
time? Let us hope it is the latter. 

o if it is not the appeal of knowledgeable speakers, conscientious 
students, or Bishop Desmond Tutu that will induce them to make their 
choice on truth rather than economic risk, what, or who, will? The 
answer came as the last speaker approached the hot seat. Edward 
Halbach , professor of law at Boalt, shook the regents' sensibilities in the 
most ingenious way: He spoke their language. He succeeded in such a 
manner: "Gentlemen , in a capsule, these are your responsibilities. First 
off, you are discussing rwo primary issues that are one and the same, a 
damn serious moral responsibility and your fiduciary responsibility as 
trustees. You don't have to act with unanimity. You, unlike other 
corporate trustees, are workingJor an active institution. You are 
beneficiaries of pension funds. You must justify your decision through 
community objectives. Listen, your personal feelings are not the question 
at hand ; act in the best interest of the University, and that interest has 
been well defined by those studen~s and faculty members who march 
outside. Consider please the posture of the University, its image and 
standing among its inhabitants. Most importantly, you have to ascertain 
berween ideological divestication and market risk." 

That they must. For the market, the market of high risks, is nor just 
made of stocks and bonds. The value of a public institution like ours 
will quickly plummet if it acts independently of the wishes of the 
people. 

The regents sped away in police vehicles through the outstretched 
arms of the protestors that Friday at the Lawrence Hall of Science. Many 
students felt gipped as a chance to lie down in front o f the power 
agents' autos was blocked by burly policemen. An inciqent considered 
isolated at the time should nor go unnoticed, though . An African 

Wilhe Browll 

Two people endeared to 
the. idea of divestment. 
Will they succeed? 

Stanley Sheinbaum 

protestor walked up to a black deputy sheriff and pleaded with h im to 
drop his arms and join the movement. His screams of "Your brothers 
are dying and you are standing there protecting their murderers" will 
forever be entrenched in the memories of those who witnessed the 
events. Both men began to muffle sobs of anguish, walked slowly toward 
each other and embraced for what seemed like im eternity. 

When the Regents finally vore on the weekend of June 19 and 20 as 
to what type of divestment strategy the University of California will take, 
remember that occurrence. Because that moment, that one shining 
moment, placed truth above shallowness. The students carried that 
mood back to their home campuses. There i nothing more gratifying 
than that. 

- MJC 

EDITOR: PHIUP lAlJOEl\ 
NEWS EDITOR: ~ WAGSTAfF ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR: PHIL WlLON 

CONTRIBUTING NEWS EDITORS: UL ~ NeeOY. J\ENfE WENNCK 
OPINIONS EDITOR: MAlTHlW J Cl\ONIN PEP5PEcnVES EDITOR: 0iRISTOPHEP. CNfOl£ 
COPY EDITOR: JAN HAN5£N PHOTO EDITOR: 1\00 FNEOENlHAl SIIOATS EDlTOA: AlICIA N::CS 
A.RTS EDITOR: AN.oo~ KEELEJ\ ASSOCIATE AATS EDfT9": G.fts~ ..................... .. 
GRAPHIC ARTISTS: JOHN ASHlEE. T~ PlONKA 
PHOTOGAAPHEP.S: JOHN ASHlEE. KEV1N FOlEY. DAWN MAMI~. I\CXiER MONAOE PKH PEeJAK. AHCr 

SOfTlEY. JOSHUA WEll 
STAfF WNTIRS: MATT ADIWtS. MAAK lNlTENOEI\G DEllI CO~. ~ R:)R5BrnG. NGlAHMMOH. N:)NAK) .. 

VAN HUTCHINSON CHI\ISnNA KAUS. I\OOERT I.EONE. 5UlANPC UfSON. L~ PItoIQN. JOHN 
SCHACHT. KATHLEEN SCHOll 0Afl.IJAAA 5T'f.AANS ~ 5W1VAN LAUfIIE IJClJCIt ~"'" 
wAAf1JNm 

, .. , ... .. 

PASTE·UP ARTISTS: .JOHN ASHL£E.1.AlJREN CO~AY lOA McOONfoLD. lHMON NGOI. ALUSON PINSKY. 5fM 
WAG.Sl~ 

T'tPESET1tP.S: ~ ME. JAN HANSEN. PHUP ~ DNIEL nG\I\S 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: ~ [)W,4()NO. JAN HNISEN. PItL t..tUlI' 

Monday, May 20. 1985 5 
';" ". . ...... . . . . ~I""~ ~ ~l 

Viewpoint 

Animals, to vegetables, to cadavers 
By CRIS WALLER 

On April 24, along with the rally for divestment, a 
rally against UCSD's use of 70.000 lab an imals a year 
was held. It attracted about 100 people, including 
medical students eager to debate with the animal rights 
activists from Srudents Organized for Animal Rights, 
People for Ethical Treatment of Animals and the 
Animal Rights Coalition. who sponsored the 
demonstration . 

One right the students held as paramount was their 
use of dogs in experimental labs. The vaSt majority of 
these dogs come from the San Diego County 
Department of Animal Control shelter, to the tune of 
well over 800 a year. 

The practice of student experimentation on these 
dogs is hard to defend as necessary, and has a deeper, 
more insidious effect as well . in the desensitization of 
the student. No lives are being saved by the "dog labs." 
Students are conducti ng a type of experiment similar 
to one we aU did in chemistry in high school-that of 
doing procedure X to item Y, knowing full well what 
the result will be . Absolutely nothing new is being 
learned, or even sought for, yet the same endless 
defenses are offered. 

1. "But we learn so much about phYSiological 
processes by experimenting on the anaesthetized dog'" 

All these processes are very well known. The student 
can just as easily read about them in the hundreds of 
books on human phYSiology as manipulate a dog, and 
have a better physiological knowledge as well . Although 
not as dramatic, these written accounts can be 
consulted at any time. Physiologic processes can also 
be studied in the hospital by observing human 
patients. Even if by remote chance some process was 
found that must be demonstrated in a non-human 
animal, the procedure could be filmed using only one 
dog, not hundreds every year. 

2. "But they're going to die anyway'" 
So is a tenninal cancer patient, so is a condemned 

criminal-both far better physiological models than a 
dog. Shall we use them? 

Yes, the dogs would have been put to sleep anyway, 
as quietly as possible in the shelter. Instead, they will 
be trucked to a UCSD animal facility . unloaded, find 
themselves in another new and confusing situation, 
perhaps for long periods of time. UCSD received an 
average of around 75 dogs per month from the pound 
in 1983, not aU of which were immediately used . 
Finally, the dog will be rransponed to the classroom, 
brought in and anaesthetized. We have all seen the 
trembling and whimperi ng of a dog taken to the vet-
what kind of fear are these doomed dogs 
experiencing? 

On fi nal point-since the late 1800's, British doctors 
have been tra ined without practice on live an imals-
and no one claims the British are inferior doctors 
because of th is. 

The second problem is more insidious. Modem 
medical education fosters an att itude of detachment 
towards animals that could transfer to people all too 
easily. 

The lab animal is simply not thought of as a sentient 
being by far too many scientists and medical students. 
A quick glance through any medical journal will prove 
this. Animals become "models," "systems." "tools," 
"living experimental preparations." They do not cty out 
in pain, they "emit high-pitched vocalizations in 
response to nociceptive stimuli." If an experimenter 
dares use words that might attribute some human 
feeli ngs to animals they are put in quotes-"painful," 
"frightening," as if to doubt what the animal is feeli ng. 

At the end, the animal is not killed. but "sacrificed ," as 
though the death is some conferred and willingly 
accepted honor. 

Al th~se euphemisms help the scientist forget that 
he is dealing with a living, feeling creature, not some 
inanimate piece of lab equipment. Perhaps if he did 
not do so, he would have ethical doubts about his 
actions. 

This seems like a strong statement to make, but if 
there is no truth behind it, why the constant use of 
euphemisms and smokescreen phraseology? And if one 
must so blunt feelings for the experimental animal , 
how small a leap to blunting feelings for the human 
animal as well? 

ThiS does not imply researchers are purposely 
cruel-they simply do not realize what they are doing. 
Nor does it mean animals are never treated 
humanely-after all , any tool needs certain care if It is 
to fun ction properly, and this care will be given. 
However. there IS a world of difference between correct 
care of a tool and correct care of a sentient being. 

I have been struck when talking to medical students 

Doonesbury 

about dog labs how little they refer to the dog (but 
instead "the system under obsetvation") and how 
much they attempt to justify and ove~ustify what they 
are doing. Signs of hidden guilt? The first, and 
perhaps last, rebellion against former feelings? Before, 
dogs were companions, friends; now they are "tools for 
research." The student may have to make a 
tremendous gestalt shift in order to continue 
experimental procedureS-it is so much easier to 
destroy a tool than an animal. 

Is this the way to produce sensitive physicians-
urging them tO'sublimate all feeling under a cloud of 
scientific detachment? As one student said , "Once we 
got going I didn't think anything about the dog. I just 
got wrapped up in the physiology." Of course we must 
educate our doctors, of course they must have an 
accurate and complete knowledge of physiology and of 
course sheer compassion alone cannot heal. But must 
we educate them In detachment and denial? Can there 
be no medical knowledge with concomitant respect for 
life) Must we sacrifice the whole to a minute 
inspection of the parts? 

EiMO. MY5II£O, 
CA/MflCWN 
AIIOJlJ5T 7lU 
"'0< WI/EIl& 
'f(1) MET Me. 

\ 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

JOBS The home of the 
IN SOCIAL CHANGE 

• Toxic Waste • Travel and Benefits 
• Women's Rights • Summer/Career Options 
• ·Central American Policy • $10,000·$13,000 per year 
Call Between lOam and 1 pm 

585-8130 
CAMPAIGN FOR ECONOMIC 

DEMOCRACY 
In Los Angeles: (213) 393·3705 

In San Francisco: (4 15) 863·5050 

39¢ hamburger. 
i 

- \,IV', 0' 

~ Ul!lJo"a/~m ~ ('{\ _ & !lOll. 
L-:-;-

}.\Irot.tnat ad 

; 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~111!11~!!-!!!!-!!!!-!! -----------------~I11111111 ..... ..J.I Pf+.~ ALL AMERICANMEAL-- 'Tr-Y+ 
1iI.!:;' Qua rre r PllunJer ' with C heese, Large Fry, \.!::.. 

- MeJium·Sizt' Soft Drink - ·1 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

llml[ ,In,' ""up,'" per 
CUS["mcr. per VI511 Pl.-else 
presen I ll'Up"n wh,'n 
oldcnng 1\:01 "eilld With ,I ll)' 
lit her lIllel 

~l ·~'hru ,_~ June 20, 1985 
------

C.sh v .... I 20 011 C~ nI II 

Just $1.99 11 
(plus lax) II 

O n ly at: II 
7140 Mira mar Rd. II 

"a n Diego@ 

--------- ~ 
---------



6 Monday. McIy 20. 1985 
~INID'& 

, "'::<:' :-;:. 'o. :-.: :-'" '" •• ':-; ~ •• ,~ :t: ." x. . . '::': ..., ... ~ . , . '" "",' "" ',,,-:' . '" 
..... ~. 

n<e~<err~n<eilit<err~n<ettlt~rr~ll<ellit<err~n®~~<err~ll<ettit<err~~®ilit<err~ll<e{t{t<err~n<ellit<err~ll<ellit<err~ll<ef&~If~~'®~fr~ ~<elf$lettersll<eilitce:lf~n<eilit~lf~n®rcrc®rr~n®~~celf~ll®~~®rr~n®llit<err~ll<ettit<elf~n<ew<elf~ll<eilit<err~~®frfr If~ll rr~ll~fctt®rr~ll®fdt®rr~ll®~~~lf~ll®frtt®rr~n~[U:®lf~n®t1fr®lf~n®ilit~lf~ll®ilit®rr~ll®llit<err~n<e~~<err~n®fr t®If~n®fr 
Heating up 
Editor: 

The campa ign against Israel is a very 
omnipresent one whl h has to be 
addressed. The so\ercign state has been 
attacked consta ntl)' for onc thing or 
anOlher. Now Israel IS confronted by yet 
another Issue, the anti-apart heid 
movement. The unfortunate result is that 
tho e who attacked Israel have hijacked 
a movement of great moral IInportance 
and distorted It The), have thus 
..Ihm.l!ed people of goodWill who 
otherwi<;e would upport thIS meanmgful 
endeavor 

In the May 9 issue of the Guardwn , 
lwan A Elwannt ignorantly attacked the 
JeWIsh people and the ZIOnIst 
movement with hypocrisy I find II 
hypocrItical that, as part of the anti-
apartheid movement, Mr Elwanm is 
callIng for the self-determination for one 
people, yet den)'mg it for another. Mr. 
Elwannt smgled out Israel citi ng her 
trade WIth outh Afnca The unfairness 
of thiS type of a ttack on Israel was 
attested to in J 979 by former United 
States Ambassador to the United 
Nations and now Atlanta mayor Andrew 
Young. He argued that it is "unfair" lO 
link Israel to outh Africa. "If there is a 
"nk, you must compare Britain , 
Germany. Japan . and the United States. 
All of them have links Wlth South Africa. 
Israel becomes a too easy s apegoat for 
other problems we have." 

Mr. Elwanni fatled to bring up the 
followmg POInts of Information: Israel's 
trade with South Afnca IS worth 
ap proXimately $100 million, a figure that 
is dwarfed by the $700 million in 
imports which black African states 
purchase from South Africa. 

Furthermore, though the Organization of 
Petroleum' Exporting countries (OPEC) 
has declared an emhargo on <;ales to 
South Afnc~I, eVidence show .1 vlolanon 
to thiS "embargo." audl Arabia, the 
UnIted Ar.lb Emlratc~ and Om.lIt supply 
PretOria with 76% of I[S lin ported oil. 
The value of the 011 exported to South 
Africa IS .• It the very least , $1.1 billion 
and more likely 2.2 billIon In no way 
am I $.l),ng that these ountries support 
apartheid . The economic 
mterdependency between countries 
docs not Impl)' support for the Internal 
affairs of the nations involved The 
United States carries on an enormous 
amount of trade With the Soviet Union. 
It would be ridiculous to imply from this 
thai the U SUppOltS communism. In 
the same way, it would be just as 
ndl ulous to say that Israel supportS 
apartheid policy. 

Israel has always been an outspoken 
opponent 01 apartheid. In 1977, Israel 
supported United Nations Resolution 
418 which banned anns sales to South 
Afnca. Furthermore , of the 130,000 jews 
m South Africa, many campaign against 
apartheid as well as bemg actiVISts for 
social justice. In fact. Israel openly 
endorses anti-apanheid demonstration 
from the jewish community in South 
Africa. Dennis Goldberg, a jew, selVed 
the longest prison sentence on record in 
South Afnca for opposition to apartheid. 
He was released on February 28, 1985 
after serving 21 years in prison. 
According to the Jerusalem Post , 
Goldberg's "release capped a year long 
secret initiative with the participation of 
senIor Israeli political figures." 

Finally, Mr. Elwanni failed to 
recognize that Zionism and Nationalism 
are not raCIsm . If they were, all other 

he Social Event of the ear 
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS' 

DATE: 
TIME: 
PLACE: 

Semi 
Formal 

MAY 24 FRIDAY 
9 PM-1 AM 
SHERATON HARBOR ISlAND 
CHAMPAGNE ROOM 

T,eKETS: ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE 
APR. 16 - MAY 24 

PRICE: $10.00 PER PERSON 

BANDS: 
ALSO: 

BEFORE MAY 1 7 
$13.00 PER PERSON 

AFTER MAY 17 
PRIVATE DOMAIN 
91X ROAD SHOW 
WITH T. BRIAN SCHOCH 

forms of national self-detennmation are 
racIsm as well. Mr. E1wannt's mIsuse of 
the word ZIOnIsm was obscene. ZIOnIsm 
IS the belIef In national self-
de termi nation for the jewish people. 

It seems tO'me that Elwanni's singling 
out o f Israel is nm an antI-Zionist 
sta tement but rather it IS anti- emitic 
rhetoric. 

-David Marchick 

Bleep Chevron 
Dear Mr. AJ. Jacobs, Transfer Agent, 
Chevron Corporation: 

I wish to divest myself of my one 
share of Chevron stock and request that 
you liquidate this share at current 
market value. I do nor own the street 
ce ttl ficate ; [his was burned at a public 
demonscranon on May 7 at the 
University of California San Diego. I did 
so to protest the conditions of apartheid 
in South Africa. 

I understand that there are no easy 
solutions to the black South Africa's 
troubles. Chevron and your subsidiary 
in South Africa, Caltex, did not create 
Apartheid . Yet your firm's and the other 
stockholders' unwillingness to follow the 
Tutu principles-the only real hope for 
the freedom for the South African-is 
just as bad as supporting apartheid . 

I do nor hate Chevron . Nevenheless, I 
cannot be a part of an organization 
which through complacency tolerates 
this injustice. 

My protest was nOl political, but 
rather moral in nature. While I know 
that my one share will have a negligible 
financial impact, I do hope that it will 
encourage you and your shareholders to 
re-examine your role in South Africa. 

Enclosed is a copy of the certificate. 

Please accept thiS nota ri zed letter as a 
statement thar m)' certifica te has been 
destroyed, and I WIsh to lIqUIdate my 
share The mone), will be donated to 
further e ffons for freedom tn South 
Afnca 

Thank you in .Idvance for your 
prompt attcntion to thiS mattcr. 

Any questions? 
Editor. 

Mark P. Diamond 

In the recent weeks, there has been 
much discussion on cam pus concemIng 
Zionism, apanheld , and the nature of 
Israel's relationship with South Africa. 
Many different viewpoints concerning 
these issues have been raised . 

We would like to take thiS 
opportumty to address the subject. For 
this purpose, we have tnvited Professor 
jacob Goldberg, an expert on Middle 
East studie to clarify these issues and 
any questions you may have. He will be 
speaking on Tuesday, May 21, in HL 
14)8 at 6:00 pm. A question and answer 
period will follow the leCture. 

Jacob Goldberg taught two classes 
dUring faU and winter quarter on the 
politiCS of the Middle t:ast and the 
Arab-Israeli conflict. Students from all 
ideological perspectives who have heard 
him lect ure agree that Goldberg presents 
an objective approach to his subject. 

Aside from the general student body, 
we are extending this special invitation 
to you to bring together a broad 
representation of political viewpoints. 
We encourage you and members of your 
department or organization to make 
every effort to attend . 

The Israel Action Committee 

he Social Event of the ear 
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS' 

DATE: 
TIME: 
PLACE: 

Semi 
Formal 

MAY 24 FRIDAY 
9 PM-1 AM 
SHERATON HARBOR ISLAND 
CHAMPAGNE ROOM 

TICKETS: ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE 

PRICE: 

BANDS: 
ALSO: 

APR. 16 - MAY 24 
$10.00 PER PERSON 

BEFORE MAY 17 
$13.00 PER PERSON 

AFTER MAY 17 
PRIVATE DOMAIN 
91X ROAD SHOW 
WITH T. BRIAN SCHOCH 

, I I II JI 

Monday. May 20. J 985 7 
. . '.' . '. . NEkAS 

Cover 5tOl}' 

Student committee proposes alcohol policy 
By ANDREA HARMON. SltJffWriltr 

DURING THE 1985 winter quarter, students rebelled against the alcohol policy proposed by 
Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs joseph Watson's Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse Committee. 

Parts of this policy stated that no 
alcohol would be allowed in the dorms 
except in "private space," which is 
considered to be the apartments and 
individual dorm rooms. No alcohol 
would be aDowed at public events such 
as TGs and the Sun God Festiva1. And 
no sponsorship would be allowed by 
alcohol companies, thereby eliminating 
the Guardian's "Bud Page" and 
sponsorship of intramurals at UCSD. 

Students responded by forming 
Students For Responsible Drinking 
(SFRD) with representatives from the 
faculty and staff. One reason for this, 
according to its chair. AS President Mary 
Rose Alexander, "was because we 
thought this policy did not meet the 
needs of students and would increase 
alcohol abuse." 

According to the SFRD Policy 
Proposals, "the success of any campus 
alcohol policy must be centered around 
a well-developed alcohol education and 
awareness program. with the intent of 
best meeting the needs of the entire 
UCSD campus." SFRD has developed 
recommendations for the resident halls 
public events, and the sponsorship of ' 
education progras:ns and services. 

SFRD proposed several regulations 
intended to constitute a campuswide 
policy affecting all four colleges equally: 

• Parties would be allowed in the 
evenings preceding non-class days, 
but would be discouraged on 
evenings followed by academic days. 
• Each residential complex would ' 
have a clear set of "quiet hours," 
designed to protect the rights of 
reSidents to study and sleep. Parties 
would not be pennitted to extend 

beyond the stan of qUIet hours any 
evening. 
• IndiVIdual sponsoring a party 
would assume full responSibility for 
any misbehavior or damages that 
resulted , and panies at which more 
than )0 people are expected to 
participate would be pre-registered 
wlIh the reSIdent advisor in whose 
area the event would take place. The 
RA would inform the resident dean of 
all plans. 
• Any person planning a party for 
more than )0 individuals would 
undergo a mandatory events training 
session. 
• Planners of parties would limit the 
alcohol on hand to a reasonable 
amount per person of legal drinking 
age. Activities and non-alcoholic 
beverages would be mandatory and 
food encouraged. Larger parties 
would be limited to a maximum 
duration of four hours. 

The proposals would be subject to 
"private living space" and "private SOCIal 
space" regulations: 

• "Private living space" would 
include each dorm room and entire 
student apartment (including living 
room and kitchen). The University 
would not expect to control use of 
alcohol in private living space, and 
students could selVe and drink from 
original containers. 
• "Private social space" would have 
to be included in every residential 
complex, and would include suite 
lounges, house lounges and similar 
indoor facilities shared by groups of 
students. In such areas , the 
Universiry would not explore 
"neutral" beverage containers, but 
alcohol in original containers would 
be prohibited . 

ThiS proposal ha~ been sent to the 
Alcohol and ubsrance Ahuse 
Committee , which has accepted it 

Family Plann.1ng: 
a choice, a responsibility 

aon"deutial • lJI'CIf ... fcme1 • affai'dable 
.---~ .... , 
with results while you watt 

• Unplanned pregnancyl 
general or local anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exams 
tiIr.r.I fturtily Pltutning 
--- Auocuw, MIdiaJJ Group San_ 

64118 AI9arado Rd. (.ur· .. 

except tor twO points' the allowing of 
kegs in dorm rooms and the definition 
of "pnvate social space. ' The FRD IS 
still bargainIng with the committee on 
these two points. Alexander saId , -If we 
do not get enough student support, WI: 
will lose on these two issues, and will be 
back to square one. These are the twO 
stickiest issues, and we are not willing 
to lose either of them. 

"It is really ludicrous to try to control 
students through these twO issues. It will 
lead to sneaking of kegs into rooms and 
a tendency to rebe1." 

The meetings between the Alcohol 
and Substance Abuse Committee and 
SFRD are held Wednesdays at 4 pm in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge and are 
open to the public . 

The SFRD wantS to continue public 
events such as TGs because UCSD lacks 
a "university community," considering 
its unique position in the La Jolla 
community and its large commuter 
population . SFRD stated in its proposal 
that there must be places for campus 
public events "where the entire 
University population can interact in an 
unconfined social atmosphere ." 

SFRD also said that alcohol can 
continue to be a part of these 
campuswide events if it is managed 
responsibly. The group recommends 
that the University organizations or 
departments seek co-sponsorship from 
non-alcoholic as well as alcoholic 
sponsors, and all advertising for public 
events should emphasize the sponsoring 
University organization or department 
and UCSD as the primary sponsor of 
the event. 

According to SFRD, light beverages 
and alternative activities must be 
present in large enough amounts to 
serve the enure population at any 
cam pus publIc event. A maximum 
amount of alcohol (36 ounces of beer. 
12 ounces of wIne and three ounces of 
hard lIquor) would be served only to 

individuals 21 years old and over with 
efforts to limit per-person consumption . 

More security would be reqUired at 
publIc events. with four security guards 
at TGs " to enlurce more re~ponsible 
behavior," according to AS Programmer 
josh Beckman. A strict check of cwo 

I~-one state-issued [D and a cam pus 
ID with a birthdate-would also be 
required . Beer cups used for the 
particular event, with slogans such as 
"Friends don't let friends drive drunk," 
would have a potential educational 
effect and would identify non-University 
people and under-age drinkers. 

One major aspect of SFRD's proposed 
policy is extensive alcohol education 
programs addressing the alcohol issue at 
six different levels: Freshman 
Orientation/We1come Week Alcohol 
Policy Forum, Events Training, Alcohol 
Abuse Peer Counselor Training, a two-
unit Alcohol Awareness course, Alcohol 
Awareness Week, and a Fraternity 
Alcohol Education Program. 

The Freshman Orientation/Welcome 
Week Alcohol Policy Forum would 
infonn incoming students of the campus 
alcohol policy. This forum would be 
designed to make a statement 
concerning the role of alcohol on 
campus and to introduce new students 
to the alcohol educational selVices 
available to them. SelVices would 
include peer counselors, a telephone 
hotline, self-help groups and a weekend 
ride selVice. 

Dr. John Stewart, Muir College provost 
and member of SFRD. proposed and 
worked with other members of SFRD in 
crea ting a two-unit course that would go 
into depth about commonly abused 
drugs and the effects of alcohol on the 
individual and sociery 

Beckman said that "guest speakers 
would be invited. and education rather 
than the authoritati ve stance of ' I[ 's b<.d. 
don't do It ' would be stressed. People 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 ) 

Be the Best You Can Be 

STYLE BV ANTHONY WAlKER 

This coupon entitles bearer to 
$3.50 off any service. 

Offer expires July 1. 1985 

~~£TH OF" LONDON 
7580 Fay Aveni Ie. Suite A La Jolla, CA 92037 

MASTER CHARGE-VISA (619) 456-2044 HAIR & NAlLS 



8 Monda) , Muy 2V, 1985 

Literature Department 
FALL QUARTER 

The Literature Department at TenB 110 offers a wide 
variety of services including the processing of all student 

forms, add/drop cards, and advising on majors and minors. 

~ngIish/Rmerican 
Lit/En 175A 
New Ammcan Fiction 
Boundaries: Contemporary Ammcan Writing 1975-1985 
lec A MWF 12:00-12:50 PH 103 cc8889 
Instructor: Paul Dresman 
Contemporary American writing over the past decade has been characterized by a 
disregard of fonnal boundaries; journalism took on the techniques of fiction; fiction 
has become more poetic; poetry more discursive. WhIle this melding of genres has its 
Origins in Modernism and while earlier examples occur in the immediately preceding 
decades, the texts used in th is course represe nt culminations. Several of these books 
also address the immediate historical moment even as they serve as homages to 
archetypal American myths, themes and expressions. A shon and a long paper, 
reading quizzes and a final. The pOSSIbility of some relevant films. 
Texts: Far Tortuga by Peter Mauheissen, Dispatches by MIchael Herr, Gunslinger by 
Ed\vard Dorn, Talking at the Boundaries by David Antin , The Woman Wamor by Maxine 
Hong Kingston , The White Album by Joan Did ion , The Names by Don Delillo, The Color 
Purpk by Alice Walker. 
Lit/En 176 
Major Amencan Wnters: 
Scott FIt:!gerald & jach Kerouac 
Lec A TTh 10:00-11 :20 EXT 142 cc6820 
Instructor: Stephen Rodefer 
A close readIng of selected writing of Scott Fitzgerald and Jack Kerouac, wnh added 
emphaSis on the soclo-cultural phenomenon they represent jazz age/ roaring 20's 
and the beatnik/ post-war era. BIOgraphical and hlstoncal emphasis and use of 
audlO\lsual material tnevitable. 

Lit/Gen 119 
Mythology and the Bible 
Lec A TTh 2 :30-3:50 PcSzL IllO cc6882 
Instructor: Richard Friedman 
Compara[\ve study of myths of Egypt, Mesopotamia, Greece , and Canaan with their 
counterpa ns in the Bible. Focus upon stories of creation and floods , death and 
resurrectIon . sexual relations between gods and goddesses and between gods and 
humans, tnC!~st , and Lhild sacrifice. 

Lit/Gen 128 
The Dramas of Bertolt Brecht 
Lec A TTh 11 :30- l2:50 USB 3030A cc9028 
Instructor: James K. Lyon 
An Introduction ro the dramas of one of the 20th century's foremost playwrigh ts. We 
shall read ten dramas dunng the quaner-Drum In the NIght; Baal; A Man 's a Mall; The 
Threepenny Opera , Life of Cali/eo; Mother Courage and her ChIldren ; The Caucas/(lll Chalh 
Ordc; and S(hwcyk In the Second World War. Lectures will deal WIth the genesiS of each 
drdmJ In tenns of literaty, social and political hlsrory. and each drama will be 

~xammed from the perspectives of both the literary critic and the drdma crItiC, i.e .. as 
text and as performance . Brecht's literaty theories will also be elaborated and applied 
ro hl~ plays. (Course c redit for General Litemture only; this course will not coum 

roward~ the German major or th e Gennan mInor.) 
Lit/Gen 131 
Literature and Ideas: 
Latin American and European Poetry in Translation 
Lec A TTh 10:00-1l :20 USB i050B cc8896 
Instructor: Clayton Eshleman 
A close readIng. In translation, of major works (poetty and prose) by the Peruvian 
poet . Cesar Vallejo; the French visionaty,Antonin Anaud; and the Ma ninIca n founder 
of Negntude, Aime Cesaire, three of the greatest 20th century world poets. Class 
diSCUSSIon wIll be encouraged , and the writing of the three poets will be brought to 
bear on 20th centuty North Amencan poetry and poetics. 

Lit/Gen 1-+6 
Latin Ammcan Litmllurt in Translation: 
The Novds of Garria-Marqu~ 
Lec A ITh 11:30-12:.50 Hl 1166 cc8926 
I nstt'UC lor: Beatrice Pita 
This course will involve the reading and analysis of several works by Nobel Prize-
winning Columbian author Gabriel Garcia Marquez. We will read works from both the 
novel and shon story genres, tentatively including: 100 Years ofSolitlide, No One Writes 
to the Colonel, Eyes of a Blue Dog, Chronicle of a Death Foretold. The focus of the class will 
be on tracing the development of Garcia Marquez' literary texts in connection and 
interaction with the social, political and literary reality of Latin America. 
Lit/Gen 149 
Gmnan Littrah.trt: in Trunslation: 
Goethe's Faust 
Lec A MWF 1:00-1 :50 USB 30JOA cc9029 
Instructor: lise Graham 
(Prof. Graham will also teach Goethe's Faust as Lit/ Ger 151 on MWF 11 :00-11:50, HL 
1166, course code 6950.) 
Close reading and analysis of Goethe's masterpiece. Offered for credit in both 
Gennan and General Literature. 
Lit/Gen 163 
Childrot's LiItraIUre: 
Lec A T " :00-6:50 APM 1402 cc6890 
Instructor: jeny Griswold 
A serious and enjoyable study of classic novels that have come 10 be childhood 
favorites: Wind in the Willows, The Secret Garde'l, Tom SaIryCr, The WIZard ofOz, etc . 
Some time will be devoted 10 folklore, the fairy tales of Hans Christian Andersen,and 
the picture books of Beatrix Potter (The Tale of Peter Rabbit ) and Maurice Sendak 
(Where the W,ld Thmgs Are). 

Lit/ Gen 172 
Contemporary Samce fiction 
The Last Gmeration in Samce Fiction and Film 
Lec A W 7:00-9:50 HSS 1330 cc6892 
Instructor: Stephen Potts 
Beginning in the late 1950's, 
science fiction has developed 
from a pulp genre of narrow 
appeal into a literature with its 
own high standards and an 
entire industry of publishers , 
critics, and fans behind it. 
During the 1960's, it grew in 
popularity and sophistication as 
the New Wave injected new 
literary purpose into science 
fiction and serious filmmakers 
raised the standards of science 
fiction film . In this class, we will 
investigate science fiction 's 
coming of age in our time by fOCUSing on specific works of the decades 
between 1960 and 1980 in the context of the genre's historical and 
critical background. 

FALL QUARTER COURSE DESCRIPTIONS ARE AVAILABLE 
AT TCHB 110 

SFRD 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 , 
who pass this course could possibly 
become the course's next peer speaker~ 
We want to lI1c1ke it attractive to 
students , and it could be a highly 
recommended course to students 
wanting to be RAs , HAs, OLs and peer 
counselors ." 

Another pan of SFRD's alcohol 
ed ucation program would be an Alcohol 
Awareness Week to increase students' 
knowledge and understanding of basic 
infC'lrmalion about alcohol, alcoholism 
and the nature 01 responSIble use 
through works ho ps. speakers, social 

CalPIRG 
< COIlnlNUED FROM PAGE 3 < 

According to Kim Paulus, c hair of 
CaIPIRG's statewide board of direc tors, 
"CaIPIRG cannot survive on the funding 
that Form A or Form B can generate." 

ExplainIng CaIPIRG's insistence on 
Fonn C, Paulus said, "Offering students 
Fonns A and B is misleading s tudents 10 
believe that CalPIRG can truly exist with 
ei ther of these funding methods." 

Prior 10 the AS election , Warson 
called the CalPIRG referendum 
"misleading." 

Last spring, Watson was presented 
with registration fee Fonns A and B that 
were drawn up by a special commutee. 
Watson gave the AS a choice between 
the two forms and insisted prior to the 
election that students must be aware of 
the different choices, or else Fonn B 
would be used. 

According 10 Kate Metzger, sta tewide 
assis tant organizing director of CalPIRG, 
deception is nor the group's plan of action , 
but in order for smalle r student 
o rganizations to survive, legal- although 
sometimes vaguc-means of generating 
funds is a common practice . UC 
syste mwide admi nistrative guidelines 
state that "a chancellor can lawfully 
ins titute a negative check-off system ... 
providing that 1) the students must know 
of their option to pay the fee , 2) that the 
negative c heck-o ff sys tem must be 
prominently displayed and not "hidden" 
in the registration materials , 3) the 
registration materials should contain 
nothing indicating University support one 
way or the other, and 4) the students 
choosing n~t to pay the fee must not be 
assessed .... 

The AS has sup po ned CalPIRG's 
existence, but disagrees with its method 
of utilizing the voting process 10 
generate funds. According to Alexander, 
the AS Council, as a representative of 
the student body, finds itself unable to 
endorse a misleading Conn. "S tudents 
were not given all the infonnation," she 
said . 

CalPIRG argues that the AS is not 
fairly representing what the students 
want. "The AS should stand behind this 
student vOle: Paulus said. 

The AS comends that it acknowledges 
this student support but believes that 
Form B is still the least deceptive 
choice , one which satisfies those 
students who want CalPlRG at UCSD by 
offering the choice to pay the $3.00 fee , 
while at the same time ensuring that 
those who do nOl want to pay for 
CalPIRG services are awa re of the 
alternative. 

Since the termination of a negative 
check-off system in 1982, "CaIPIRG has 
remained on the registration fee fonn 
but has nOl generated enough money 10 
work on projects," saId Paulus. "We 
spend so much time on the survival of 
the chapter that work on projects is 
difficult," sa id sta ff member Cindy 
Jacques. 

CalPIRG will nOl be listed on the fcc 
form next quan~r, which means , 
a cording to Paulw" that the group wi ll 

I no longer C,(bl Jt UCSD Ii:n 

events, contests and dis tribution of 
stickers with sayings such as, "If your 
cup runneth over, let someone else 
driveth your car." 

SFRD also proposed educational 
programs dealing with Greeks , 
specifically the Greeks Against Mis-
Management of Alcohol (GAMMA), an 
organization that exists at other colleges 
throughout the United States. GAMMA 
asks that the Greeks take responsibility 
fo r themselves and emphasizes 
responSible use of alcohol among 
Greeks. The TKEs at UCSD have begun 
a basic alcohol education program, 
including a "sober patrol ," and GAMMA 
will encourage other fraterniti es 10 follow 
suit. 

Peter Kim , commi ss ioner of academ ic 
affairs and a member of SFRD, atte nded 
the UC, tuuems and ub,tdnce Abuse 
Conference with four other UCSD 
representatives. The conference 's major 

IOpic was the definite intolerance 
toward substance abuse and drunk 
driving in the United Sta tes, particularly 
in California. The conference members 
agreed that the UC campuses must not 
try to prohibit alcohol, but should set 
guidelines in regard to students' 
behavior and responsibilities. 

Kim said, · UCSD's alcohol policy is 
the loosest o r one of the loosest of the 
UC campuses. UCSD is the only 
campus with TGs that give away beer. 
The only other campus that has TGs is 
Davis, and they are dty. We are a 
different campus. We're isolated , and we 
must take into account our physical 
make-up. Every other campus- Berkeley, 
UCLA, Davis, Irvine, Santa Cruz-has a 
student community within walking 
distance , but we don't have as many 
problems 10 have as strict an alcohol 
policy as some of the orher UC 
campuses." 

IlHAPPY DAN PEREnIE" 

Monduy, May 20, J 985 9 

Kim conunued , "U nder UCLA's 
'closed-door policy: students can do 
whatever they want in their rooms, but 
any alcohol outside of their rooms is 10 
be reponed by the RA. There a re no 
kegs allowed anywhere in the residential 
halls .... 

"The director of housing at UCLA, 
Allan Hanson, conducted a survey 
which found that students liked the 
policy and believed it reduced the abuse 
of alcohol." 

Kim said UCSD has to develop an 
alcohol policy over a period of time and 
that the campus cannot go from one 
ex treme 10 another. ·Only II % of 90% 
'Of college drinkers are hea,,), drinkers. 
The UCLA students are ingenious in 
finding ways around the policy. If we 
have the 'closed-door policy: it will 
drive students off campus and will 
promOle closet-drinkers. or people 
drinking alone in their own rooms." Ii:n 

Exclusive Graduate Soles Program Director 
-Call 263-6909 for an appolntment-

Cfian\. 
Has a special gift for upcoming graduates 

PillS $400 ~se . e** 
from Ford Motor Company. 

~bkles 
Included 
In the Plan. 

You may choose a 
new 1985 Marquis, 
Cougar, Topaz or 
Lynx. 

·Pre-Approved Credit. 
Just meet three simple 

conditions: 
• You must have verifiable employ-
ment that begins within 120 days of your 
vehicle purchase at a salary sufficient to cOYer 
ordinary living expenses and your vehicle payment. 
• You must have proof that you have graduated or will graduate 
and be awarded at least a bachelor's degree within 120 days. 

• Your credit record, if 
you have one, must indi-
cate payment made as 

agreed. 
• • $400 Purchase 

Allowanc:e. 
Make your best deal ... use the 

$400 as a down payment or receiw 
$400 check directly from Ford after the 5,,1 

MERCURY 

On National City's "MILE Of CARS" - 2400 National City Blvd. 
Phone: (619) iH-.5.502 • San Diego Exchange 263-6909 



10 MO,I</IIY, Mu) 20, 1985 

In the end, the people fight back 
By MATTHEW]. CRONIN. Swff WnUr 

T HROUGH FERME TED HILLS and by loose red ribbons they marched, so slOlcly, so geometrically, so proud. Spartan warriors on 
thoroughbred machines checked their passage; ever so 
religiously they Jeered at the fatigue of the marchers. 
The gatekeepers in blue and brown whispered . They 
whispered to reporters of their child ren-their 
children who dared not dream foolishly, like the 
marchers, who slept In cribs crafted by catatonic 
merchants . All of those insinuators behind mirrored 
glasses, p lotting and worki ng, working and plotting. 

An infant wails deep behind the broad back of a 
furious African . A red banner Ilutters sleepily against 
the frig htened wi nd . On the bay under a golden bridge 
of crossed-up souls sings a tugboat so se renely of a 
great ocean , water turning to guilt. Higher and higher 
up the mountain they climb, petulant legs abound . The 
people fight back. 

Three modems curse the Spartans far ahead of the 
pack. 'Do a wheelie," they caw. The Spartan grunts 
and farts and SpitS old tobacco at the modems. The 
modems suck deep pollenated breaths into their 
chests and heave a wicked epithet toward the sky. The 
sky shimmers blue and Ignores their pain . And all the 
while the regents strike at a rock called Biko Hall, the 
tide rises quickly. much too quickly they fear. The 
Earth IS revolvlllg around South Afnca these moments. 
The sand seeps through the hour glass and down the 
Berkeley hills. covering the city of economic 
figureheads The Citizens cackle at the corporate 
prinCiples of Reverend Sullivan. Whose pnnciples? 

Over the hills and far, far away beat the rebellious 
bongo!> of Impovenshed Africans. Upon the plaza 
where the protestors rotate around the regents' lucid 
laboratory hums a putrid stench , that of old blood . The 
plaza mimiCS a Bantustan; someday a Bantustan may 
be a plaza As the coali tions grind up the mountalll , a 
phOtographer mps while shoOting their message and 
watches his mm case fall frantically down a slope. He 
picks himself up III disgust, old nme-freezer. A woman 
III blue offers no assistance while the coarse students 
lament, "Join us JOIll us! " The photographer walks 
qUietly into the brush . 

The regents sit III the cardboard basement below 
shifty Lawrence Laborutory. It IS the second day of rNO 
dunng which they will discuss the profits of moral 
responsibility and ItS relation to corporate "reality " 
Governor Duke positions himself squarely next to the 
chairwoman and ever so slightly raises his eyebrows at 
some colorfu lly attired protestors. DeukmeJlan looks 
like Armenia's eqUivalent 01 Jake Lamotta, quite a 
raglllg bull hlmsdf Throughout the three-hour 
di scourse , Duke never utters a public word; he is 
content mrrely to trade dryness With hiS colle.Jgucs A 

great body of ta rtn ess, these rege nts. As the}' peer over 
the con fe rence table, sniffing at moron ic re ports, one 
of their number stands and claws at the ai r wishing to 
murder a mosquito. The insect buzzes around and 
around the regent's cramped swipe until it grows weary 
of frivolity. The now-cranky regent shu fO es back to his 
place and plops down with a dry belch. And the 
people, the people fight back. 

Soaring out an exit, the mosquito heads up a crevice 
to join the anxious jitterbugs who perch in front of 
authority. Groans, sighs, whistles, snores and the usual 
pitiful cries of remorse bounce ofT the hollow chests of 
the gunslingers. Great, splintery barricades separate 

those who do from those who don '\. A woman rubs 
her aching thighs against the bark of a tree. A man 
plugs hi s index fingers into his temples, circulating the 
tips around a vib rant brain. A man, a woman, a 
woman, a man, join together in hannony. They sing, 
"Will you stand up to Officer Johnson, though he's six 
foot four1" to an old Seatles rune. Johnson violently 
kicks a pebble toward the bunch and readjusts his 
holster. "Officer Johnsssooonn! " "Officer 
Joohhnnsssoooonnn!!! The people fight back!" He is 
taunted. 

Meanwhile down in the crypt , nothingness whirls 
across the room at breakneck speed as speaker after 
speaker is spanked for not kissing the Regents on the 
lips. "They simply cannot get the wax out of their 
ears ," one ragged writer comments. "It's not their ears 
the students are worried about," another interjects, "it 
is their minds." The student regent tucks his gut into 
his slacks and encroaches Willie Brown. Speaker 
Brown indulges student Gaines sleepily for a few 
mome nts, !lashes his devilish grin at a television 
came ra , then leans back on some padding and snorts 
in the tension. All the jitterbugs squirm in their movie-
house seats; jock itc h is spreading like wildfire. 
Journalists sc rape lead over lime-colored paper 
designating scenes in clipped shorthand , methodically 
and deliberately. The regents gnash their rotting teeth 
down in the den of revenue; their breaths rise and fall 
to the market's contemporary tune of "The People 
Fight Back." 

Further progresses time up on the plaza , where 
black loudspeakers broadcast the meeting from the 
inferno. The protestors wh o traveled through the 
grapevines to be lead by the fabulous, mythical 
warr iors of the People's Republi c of Berkeley strain 
thei r senses to ass imilate this chaos with the legends 
they have been told for years and yea rs. Not a soul 
from the Republic can d irec t th e confusion-"too 
many anarchists." a Santa Barbaran extolls. 
"Anarc hists?" a pe ppy La Jollan questions. "It has 
nothing to do with anarchists! The problem is that 
they are playing the wrong type of music. Who the hell 
can get psyched up to Stevie Wonder? It's like ttying 
to get 2.000 people to cl imb up inside of a Grammy 
Award! The whole scene is grossly gauche." he wailed . 
A couple modem personas de thrift shop ca tch his 
Silly drift and rush the state's barricades. Authoriti es 
[Witched sporad ically behind the line of pain as they 
closed their fists around oak batons. The gate crashers 
hugged and heaved the pain objects backward toward 
Ji tterbug territory. The state pranced forward and held 
the line tightly ag.Jinst laundered uniforms. Blue 
mcaOies moved toward the center of conllict. pushing 
the Jitterbugs .Jway from ofTlclJldom with varnished 
hatons Protesting Jittemugs scurried hack to safety; 

So Much 
TIME 
and so 
little to 

DO? 

- I I~ 
;; 

r, ~j 
. :l 
I ~ 

~~t 
GET UP, GET OUT, 

GET DOWN TO THE 
GUARDIAN!! 
B«om~ a writD' or an illustrator. 

can 452·6580 for thtails. 

Warren Resident Halls Proudly Present 

Dr. Michael Dean 
World's Foremost Hypnotist 

Thursday, May 23, 1985 7·10 pm 
USB 2722 

Tickets - $2 in advance 
$3.50 at the door 

For advance tickets contact Joey Tse at the Warren Provost's Office or Gil 
Griffin at the Warren Resident Dean's Office, or contact any Warren College 
RA. 
-All proceed. to go to the Ethiopian Relief Fund-

Monday, May 20, 1985 11 

vestibules of chant ing peaceniks salivate over their 
retrea t. The people fight back? 

Back in hell, the discussion and game of reciprocal 
insults is winding to a close. To delay is human. 
Satisfaction cannot be wrought in this chamber. What 
a laboratory it is! Regents pump up and down in their 
hot seat, anxIOus to escape. Jirterbugs lean over other 
jitterbugs; aU are hawks. Journalists sweat the cold 
sweat of abstractdom. The gavel pounds the table , the 
diSCUSSion tS tabled until next confrontation, the 

~egents jog out the door. Duke is scooped up by a 
whirleybird and fiies assuredly over the Bay of 
Buzzards. The rest of the tate clamors up the stairs, 
slides into armored vehicles. and pleads with the gas 
to spur the engine into mOll on. The gas acquiesces. as 
do the brutes and clubs; vehicles shoot down the 
mountain away from any blockade. A few Jitterbugs are 
packed in a white box and are taken to a metal 
compound . The rest are bewildered . 

And then the mosquito returns. It has brought more 
stingers with itself. and they dive at the prospect of 
sadness. Thei r buzz begets a chant, a chant begets 
reality. reality begets truth. truth beckons to hope. 
Those ji tterbugs pick up thei r message and begi n a 
ra pid descent down the old mountain- nemesis. And 
they smile a t the state's ann. The ann waves a good 
afternoon toward them. They lift their heads to catch 
perfu med breeze. The sun produces more wannth. 
Hummingbirds clamor back to work. The tears of 
journalists are rainbows. The song of 2,000 reaches a 
resounding pitch as it pledges infinity, a rock. Sunsets 
are red when the people. oh glOriOUS people . fight 
back. 

New hours: 10 am-7 pm 
for dinner and lunch 

Pizza Fri. $1 ~OO/8Iice 
All Y ou Can Eat T ostadas 

Wednesday,5/22 5-7 pm 



12 hl.mtlllY. Mu) 20. /985 

...... aen 
SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY 
U.o.IIOO pili - let Go of Stress ..,d 
Relax-For all UCSO students, this group is 
designed to teach methods of relaxing and 
dealing with stress which can be used for a 
lifetime. Techniques will Indude breathing 
exercises, biofeed back, p rogressive 
relaxation, autogenic training, guided 
Imagery, meditat ion, self-hypnosis, and time 
management Meets each w eek this quarter. 
Students may attend all sessions, or drop In to 
arrY one of them as convenient. led ty 
Maynard Brusman. In Hl 1003. 

12:~2:O0 pm - Dracula is on a health 
kick now so help him out ty getting your 
Blood Pressure checked at Revelle Plaza from 
12-2. This event is sponsored t1yyour friendly 
campus Student Health Service in 
conjunction WIth the sammy Club's effort to 
raise money for the American Heart 
Assodation. So come on, have a heart for 
poor old Dracula and see if your blood Is 
healt/¥ enough for his dlet-Don'tbe a PAIN 
in the neckl On Revelle Plaza. 

2:~3:00 pm - Now is the time to attend 
an Informal discussion of birth control 
methods gIVen for students t1y students. This 
/"our of prevention IS worth a lifetime of rure 
and besides it's free. On the Second Floor of 
Student Health Center. 
TUESDAY 

11:~ 1 :00 pm - Since there Is only one 
you, "Be kind to Yourself, BUCKLE UPr' 
Information on traffic safety and seat belt use 
WIll be given out at Revelle Plaza from 11-1 
today In honor of California Safety Traffic 
Week. Sponsored by-Student Health 
Services, Warren and Revelle College 
Commuter Boards and Third College 
Programming Board. 

'2:~':OO pm - After crammln' for 
midterms, before j am min' to the beach, take 
a little time out, c'men up and find out. the 
forms of birth control. Then resume to rock n 
roll, cautiOUSly. Second Floor of the Student 
Health Center. 

12:~21OO pm - Nothing in your life is 
free anymore EXCEPT....... getting your 
blood pressure checked today at Revelle 
Plaza from 12- 2. Sponsored t1y Studffit ~alth 
Services in conjunction with the Sammy 
Club's effort to raise money for the American 
Heart Assodation. 
1.0.2:30 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group- This is .., on-going 
conf i de n t i a l su pport group for 
undergraduate men quest ioning their 
sexuality, as well as those w/"o idffitify as 
gay/blsexual. Meets w eekly. Students can 
call leader, Steve Brady, at 452-3755, for 
more Information, or they can jJst come to 
the group. In 1003 HL 
VWEDNESDAY 

":~':OO pm - Help SiJ>Je your life-"Be 
Kind to Yourself, BUCKLE upr' Information 
cYl traffic safety and seat belt use will be given 
out at Revelle Plaza from 11-1 today in honor 
of california Traffic Safety Week. Sponsored 
t1y-Studffit ~alth ~ces, Warren and 
Revelle College CorTllTlJter Boards and Third 
College Programming Board. 

12:~I:OO pm - The Guru says, "Since 
you are reading this then it is destined for you 
to achieve one more step towards higher 
consciousness t1y attending the birth control 
information session. Remember punruality 
reflects the centered self." 4>stairs at the 
Student Health Center. 
12:01).1:00 pm - Announcing t he 
spectacular "Celebration of Ufel" Show us 
your zest for life-join us for .., Aerobics 
extriJ>Jag..,za at the Hump today from 12 
noon until I pm. Brought to you t1y the caring 
people at Student Health Services and the 
P.E. Department. 

12:~2:OO pm - Do something nice for 
yourself ..,d t hose you love, hiJ>Je your blood 
pressure checked-FREEI today at Revelle 
Plaza from 12-2. Brought to you from the 
people who care, your friendly campus 
Student Health Services in conjunction with 
the SamrT?/ Club's effort to raise money for 
the American Heart Assodation. 
4:01).5:30 pm - Campus Black Forum-A 
weekly, informal disrussion group on the 
ISSUes, concerns. and the quality of life of the 
Black community at UCSO. This IS an on-
going group and students can join at arrY 
tJme. Call leader Phil Raphael at 452-3035 if 
you have any questions; otherwise they can 
just come to the group. Meets in the 
M ountain View lounge in Third College. 
THURSDAY 
5:01).6:30 pm - Gay/B isexual Men and 
Women Undergraduate Students-If you 
need support and/or want to talk about 
sexuality concerns, come to an informal rap 
group for women and men students led by 
Peer Counselors who have been there. For 
more informat ion contact the leaders at 452-
429 7 or 452-3755, or, drop in the first group. 
l ed by Denise Norton and Kevin Ward. In 
100 3 Hl 
FRIDAY 
2:01).4:00 pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Group-For students who want help 
in dealing with an alcohol or drug use 
problem. Emphasis will be on understanding 
the complexity of the problem, identifying 
options, making a commitment to change, 
and following through . Homl!work 
assignments and group norms will be 
established as part of the group's and 
indivic1Jais program. 8eforejoining the group 
interested students should call Becca at 452-
3755 to make a short appointment with one 
of our counselors to see if the group will meet 
their needs. led t1yDanMunoz. lnthe Revelle 
Provost's Office. 
3101).4:30 pm - Peer- led Gay /Bisexual 
Men's Support Group- Peer counselors lead 
this weekly drop-in support group. It is for 
male students IIIIho idffitlfy as being ~ or 
bisexual, as W!ell as for those who are 
exploring their sexuality. A grl!at opportunity 
to talk with other students sharing similar 
concems. New members can join at any time. 
Students who hiJ>Je questions about the 
group can call Carlos Nelson or Demetrius 
Delacruz, peer counselors, at 452-4297; 
otherwise they can just drop in for the group. 
In 1003 HL 

Organizational 
MONDAY 
7100 pm - Model U1itl!d Nations 
welcomes anyone intl!rested in political 
science, current affairs, debate or just having 
fun. We've got big plans br ne<t year and 
you're welcome anytime. In USB 40~. 
WEDNESDAY 
)100 pm - Ame-iean Indian Student 
Coundl meeting in SAAC 1obt7y. All welcomel 

Religious 
MONDAY-AllDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsor«l t1y the 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSD. In the 
U1iverslty Lutheran Church. 
'TUESDAY 
71)0 pm - Tuesday Night DisaJssion 
Group. Topic: The Protestant Reformation. In 
the Catholic Loungl! of the University 
Luther.., Church. 
WEDNESDAY 
6100 pm - Supper served by the lutherans, 
open to all, followl!d t1y Bibll! study on the 
Gospel of John, beginning at 7:00 pm. In the 
lounge of the University lutheran Church. 
7:00 pm - Did you ever enjoy the sounds of 
Exoc1Js last week7 Well, this wee< Inter-
Varsity Christian Fellowship is back at its 
normal t imel This week W!e are not on 
beautiful Warren Campus but Revelle's 
Formal/Informal Lounge. Please join us for 
worship and felliowshipi EVERYONE 
w elcomel 
7:00 pm - Sod al Justice Movie Night. Title 
"EI Norte" followed t1y discussion. In the 
Catholic lounge of the Universit;y Lutheran 
Church. 
IlOO pm - Film, " Martin luther," open to 
everyone. In the Room behind thl! chapel of 
the lXliversity lutheran Church. 
10100 pili - candlelight Mass. Sponsorl!d 
t1y the catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel of the U1M!rsity Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
1141 pm - The Thursday DinnI!r. Good 
food and grl!at company. Sponsor«l !:tv the 
Catholic Stu~nt Coordinators. 52.00 
cIonalion. In the U1iversity Lutheran C/"!IJrch. 
7130-9100 pili - Unit«l Campus Ministl)' 
sponsor«l "',ftldy 8i~ Studies. Takl! a 
mo/Mnt for so~ Christian reflection and frI-
Iowship. All a~ weekly topics, open discus-
sions. Rl!fres~ follow. In the Student 
Cente- Bldg. B, South Confere'lCe Room. 
SATURDAY 
1100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsort!d t1y the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Luthl!ran Church Chapel. 
SUNDAY 
1100. 911 I. & "100.... - Episcopal 
Church WOrship SeMel!: Sunday Eucharist · 
and ParIsh ~Iowship. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Gl!nesee from I!ast end of campus, 
north of l.:I Jolla Village Dr. Inte-S«tion of 
Genesee. 
1110 .... - CatholiC Mass. Sponsorl!d t1y the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In thl! 
University Lutheran Church. 
10100 am - Pentl!COst Comrrunion service 
hosted t1y the lutheans. Open to all. In the 
l.t1iversity Lutheran Church. 
11:00 .... - Book Revil!lN on a work t1y 
Thomas Merton, "No mMI Is an Island," 
followed t1y a potluck lunch at 12;00 noon. All 
are weicolT1t!. In the lou~ of thl! University 
lutheran Church. 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored t1y the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University lutheran Church. 
7:00 pm - Pentl!COst Comrrunion service 
hosted by the luthl!ans, OpI!f1 to all. In the 
l.t1ivl!rsity Lutheran Church. 
11'1 pm - Episcopal Church WOrship 
Service: Fo~ ~. In the Good Samat:~!fl 
episcopal ~~l 43.21 Eastgate MIl. ,.11' 

lectures 
MONDAY 
4:00-5100 pm - Join us in talking with Dr. 
Frandrll! Berman, Assistant Professor in the 
EECS Department. She will disaJss her 
experiences as a student and a teacher, and 
her interl!sts. Refreshments provided. 
Sponsorl!d by OASIS TI!a<:hing-learning 
Seminars. In the North Con~rl!f1ce Room of 
the Student Center /near EDNAI. 
'TUESDAY 

6~ pm - Professor Jacob Goldbl!rg will 
be speaking on the naturl! of Israel's 
relationship with South Africa. Sponsored t1y 
the Israel Action Committee and ASUCSO. In 
HlI438. 
7100 pili - Informal disrussion on WOrld in 
Transition. This week's topIc : "A Chance For 
World Peace In Our TImes," put on t1y the 
Saheli Club at UCSO. In the North 
Conference Room. 
THURSDAY 
- Two talks will be give-l t1y Larry L George 

from lawrence livermore National 
Laboratory, " \Xhy You Should Balance Your 
Bicycle lJ.Iheels", and ''\Xh1y You Should Align 
Your Bicycle \Xhleels " . These talks describe a 
little l11I!chanicai engineering. a little statistics 
and a lot of sweat expended to quantify the 
benefits of wheel balandng and alig'lment. 
In P&lIllO. 

photos by 
KEVIN 
FOLEY 

Recreation 
TUnDAY 
1.00 pm - Atomlcafl!lII - forum for 
graduate colflXlSers. In the Recital Hall. 
WRDNISDAY 
IZIOO pm - PRE-MED STUDENTS: Come 
"Brown-Bag" }'OUr lunch and I'laIIf! your 
chana! to talk with Dr. Percy Russell. 
Assistant Dean of Admissions to UCSO's Ml!d 
School this Wed .. May 22 at 12:00 noon In the 
Revelle Informal lounge-All Inquiring 
Minds Welcome III Sponsored t1yOASlS/ASP. 
1 zrOO pm - Peacl! PIeces. Music at the CI1e 
ca~. Participation invited. 
IlOO pili - A 20th CeltUl)' Performe--
Janos NI!gyesy plays new works for thI! 
ell!Ctronic violin. Gene-al Admission: 3.00; 
Studl!nts and Senior Citizens: SI.OO. In the 
Recital Hall. 

1HURSDAY 
I ...... pm - Language Tables : COIT1t! 
and practiCI! your Fre1Ch. Spanish or German 
rNer dit'lne'. All inte-l!St«l srudents-
esp«ially ~ speakers arl! most cordially 
invitl!d. Dinnc!r on meal card or cash basis. 
Natt.Ie spl!akers can haIie meals proIIi<rd-
call 455-0157 br information. In the South 
Dining Hall of thl! Re\mle cafete-ia. 
IlOO .... - Pert>rmana Forum-for 
student performers. In the Recital Hall. 

""DAY 
I zrOO pm - Inte-ested In communications? 
Tlrn join Grl!g Grilfin, Cornroonications 
Department Academic Cournlor, for a 
Brown Bag lunch ~aturing disaJssion on 
"careers with a Comrrunication Major." 
Sponsorl!d by OASIS. In the North 
Conferena Room. 
1100 pili - Honors Rute Redtal-carla 
Carpl!ntl!r plays varil!d program. In 
Mandevilll! 9-210. 

SAlUImAY 
7100 pili - All Indian Classical Music. 
Benefit for thI! Sri Lankan Tamil rdugees In 
India. HindJstani and Carnatic melodic styles 
performed t1y AIoke Dasgupta, Pranesh 
Khan, Geetha Bennett, and Trichur C. 
Narl!f1dran. Sponsored t1y Tamil World 
Association. Inc., a ~rotit organization. 
In the SDSU Recital Hall. Genl!!'al Admission: 
5.00; Students and Senior Citizens: S3.00. 
1100 pili - 20th Centul)' Performer-KIVA 
presents .., evening of rrusic and media. In 
Mandeville Auditorium. General Admission: 
3.00; Studl!f1ts, Senior Citizens and Staff: 
$1.00. 

Academic SeNices 
MONDAY-'RlDAY 
..... rOO pm - SIGI. ~te'Tl of Interactive 
Guidance and Information is a computer-
bas«l program of car~r information 
des/g11!d to help you clarify your values and 
ocrupational inte-ests. For morl! information, 
COfl'1I! to Career Services Ce'lte-. In HL 1058. 
IrJCHIOO pili - OASIS \lhiting Ce'lte-
offers free sl!r\liel! for all UCSO students who 

n~ pre-writing hl!Ip, con~rl!f1ces on drafts, 
and «Iiting .leMa. WI! engage anJ kind of 
writing. and any kind of writing pro!*m. 
Confl!rences are by appointme'lt only. 
Evening appointme'lts arl! now also ~ailable 
In OMIS Third Place at Third College. /For the 
full range of senrlces see back of Fall 
ScheduIe.1 call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to makl! .., appointment. This sl!r\lice is 
~ailable throughout the quarte-. Sponsored 
by ItlI! ~IS \lhlting CI!I1te-. 
•• 01).4100 pm - Grammar Mosl!s 
Hotline-A grammar hotlinl! phone-in 
seMel! Ibr ~ with diction. grammar and 
punctuation problens. To rNch Grammar 
Moses call 452-2284 between the hours of 
9:<»4:00 Mo~riday. Sponsored by the 
OMJS Writing O~nte-. SeMel! iJ>Jailabie 
throughout the quarte-. 
IIJO.4aOO pm - Dr~1n Hours. For 
questions pertaining to Ci1Ieer plaming. job 
huntIng. rl!sum~ critiquing, I!tc. 
Appointments ~ also Ill! scheduled In thl! 
morning by calHng Career SeMces Ce'lte- at 
452-3750. 

MONDAY-4IWEDNUDAY 
- IXhlat can you do about finals? Improve 

your memo I)' for Math and Sciencl! 
inbrmation, rl!c1JeI! you stress, and Il!arn 
how to cram I lhI!se are the TECH(niqul!l 
TALK topics for elgth week: MathjSci Grids 

/~, May 20,3:<»3:45 pml, Relaxation 
Tl!chniques (Tuesdcry, May 21. 12:<»12:451, 
Cramming for Social Seiencl! Courses 

/W~day, May 22. 12:()(}12:45pml. Don't 
miss theml Presl!f1ted by the OMJS Reading 
and Stoot Skills Cente- at USB 4010. To sign 
up, call 452-2284. 

MONDAY 
- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 

Planning on a GraciJatl!, Law or MBA degree 
program after UCS07 Help with admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call career Servicl!s 
Center at 452-4939 for morl! detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg; A 

- Inte-estl!d in the Health Professions? 
Advising appointments ~ailable for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. call career Services Cente' at 
452-4939 in adVance for an appointmmt, 
but no I!arlier than 0flI! week. In the Studl!nt 
Cente- Bldg. A . 
11»1100 pili - Mock Intervil!lN. Seeing 
and hearing yourself on vidf!otape can help 
put thI! tinishing touches on intMlievving 
ski lls . Prl!rl!quisitl!: Intervil!Wing Skills 
WOrkshop. call Career Services Ce'lte- at 
452-3750 to makl! an appointment. In Hl 
1058. 

Z~IIOO pm - OASIS Brainstorming 
Session for Ut/Frl!f1ch 10, 25, 50 classes. 
Rl!ading and writing assignments in the 
aixNf! classes will be disrussed in order to 
help students ge1eratl! ideas ..,d colflXlSe 
an appropriate response. In USB 4070. 
JIOO pm - The Marketable Resu~ 
Workshop. Learn how to construct a state-
of-t~art resume that will makl! you stand 
out from the crolNd, in this r1I!INly revised 
workshop. Sponsored t1y career Services 
Cent l!!'. In the ~III! Formal loungl!. 

lUESDAY 
10.0.12100 pm - TIme Management-
Do you hiJ>Je t ime to stuay, get good grades, 
exerdse, and sodalize? The way we use t ime 
detl!!'mines how much WI! achieve and how 
satisfying our days are. If you 're not getting 
the most out of your days. this workshop w ill 
show you how to take control of your life, 
plan successful study sessions, include social 
and relaxatidn time, and get through tI:le 
quarter without the cramming frenzy' 
Sponsored by thl! OASIS Reading and Stuc¥ 
Skills Center. At OASIS Third Place. 
2100 pm - Biology & Chemistry Majors: 
Putting Your Bachelor's Degree to WOrk-
learn what career options exist with your 
biology or chemistry ~ree from a panel of 
professionals. Follow-up tield trip in the 
week of May 27. Sponsorl!d t1y Career 

~ces Cente-. In the North Confl!re'lcl! 
Room. 
Z.o.IIOO pm - The Languagl! Program 
level I and II-This OASIS program focuses 
on the thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle thI! rl!ading and writing tasks 
assigned In your courses. It is designl!d for 
thoSI! who want to perfI!Ct their English 
language skills . . LP classes are taught t1y 
rl!adlng and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is prese'lted t1y the OASIS \lhiting 
Center and the OASIS Reading Center. In 
110ga Hall, 902. 
7.0.Il00 pm - What you do this week 
llllill haIie l!V~ng to do with how well 
your IInais go. Start now with enough tilT1t! to 
work br that top grade and get thI! 
synthesize--the test prep technique for 
putting 10 weeks Into one me-norable 
catalogue of information. IJVherI! 1 At the 
new ~ing TECH/niqul!l TAU< on Test Prl!p 
for Bio at "'go Five loungl!. 

w.DNISDAY 
- GraciJate SchoolfLaw/MBA Advising. 

Planning on a GraciJatl!, Law or MBA degree 
program aftl!!' UCSO? Help llllith admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. call career Services 
Centl!!' at 452-4939 Ibr morl! detailed 
inlbrmation. In thl! Student Cerne- Bldg. A 
ZIOO pili - Your SkiNs-Your Career. This 
career Sl!rvlces workshop helps you identify 
and articulatl! your skills and rel.ltl! them to 
partiwlar Ci1Ieers. In thI! ~II! Formal 
lounge. 
ZIOCHrOO pm - DeI¥l9 en. Moment: 
Procrastination for Writers. N t! )tIll puttlnQ 

off a paper? Do you have to CDnti!nd with me 
"blank pagI! freeze" whI!f1 you sit down to 
write 7 Then atte'ld thl! nl!lN ~IS 
Workshop-Delaying the Moment : 
Procrastination for \lhite'S-and Il!arn how 
to activatl! your creatMty. Sponsored t1y 
OASIS Writing Center. In the Studl!nt Cme-
Building B, Conference Room. 
1100 pm - Advancl!d Degrees for 
Psychologt Majors-Have you considered 
graduatl! school? A faculty pane! ..,d other 
psychologists will disruss graduatl! and 
professional school options. Sponsored t1y 
Career Services Ce'lte-. In the North 
Conference Room. 

THURSDAY 
- Inte-ested in the Health Professions? 

Advising appointments available for career 
planning and pre-professiona' school 
prl!Paration. Call Career Sl!rvices Cente- at 
452-4939 in advance for .., appointment. 
but no earlil!r than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
10100 .... - Finding the H idden Job 
Market. 90% of all job vacandes arl! 
unadvertised. This workshop will teach you a 
way to tind out about them. Sponsored t1y 
Career Services Center. In the Revelle Formal 
lounge. 
1:30 pm - Making Career Ded sions. Too 
marrY choices7 learn an easy and effective 
process for choosing between several career 
options and setting appropriate goals. An 
excellent folliow-up to the "Ide'ltifying Your 
Career" Workshop. Sponsored t1y Career 
Services Cl!nter. In the Revelle Formal 
lounge. 
1:3.)rOO pm - G raduate School/law/-
MBA Advising. Planning on a Graduate. Law 
or MBA degree program after UCSO? Help 
with admissions and application questions 
pll!asl! drop in today. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
2.0.3100 pm - OASIS Brainstorming 
Session for Ut/Spanish 10, 25, 50 classes. 
Reading and writing assignments in the 
tbt:Ne classes will be disrussl!d in order to 
help students gene-ate ideas and corrpose 
.., appropriatl! response. In USB 4070. 
JIOO pm - Uterature Majors: Education 
Bl!yDnd a Ba~Ior's-Whatarethegraduatl! 
school options for literature majors7 Come 
and liste'l to the ansW!ers from a faculty 
panel. Sponsored t1y Career Sl!rvices Cl!nte-. 
In thI! North Conference Room. 
7100-aroo pm - \XIhat you do this week 
will hiJ>Je everything to do with how well 
)Our tinals go. Start now with enough time to 
work br thal top grade and get the 
synthesize--the test prl!P techniqul! for 
putting 10 weeks into one menorable 
catalogUI! of information. Where 7 At thI! 
r1I!IN ~ing TECH/niqul!l TAlK on Test Prep 
for BiochM)istry at Atlantis Hall Lounge. 

FRIDAY 
9100-10100 .. - The OASIS GM 
(Grammar & ~icsl Workshop in 
designed for students who lNOUid like to 
work on clarifying basic grammatical 
corupts and categories, and applying the-n 
In an I!Xtensille, systematic se-II!S of practical 
I!xl!rcises. An I!xercisl! manual to be 
purchased by thI! student will be US4!d. All 
work will be corrpletl!d in the context of thl! 
workshop. In USB 4070. 
9IJO am - Intl!lviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do }'OU need help in preparing lOr jot) 
intl!l\liews 7 Career Services Cl!rlte' will 
prOYide tips on the best ways to present your 
qualitications ..,d what kind of interview 
questions to eIpeCt. In the RM!ffe Formal 
lbu1lge. 



14 .\fond<ll , /'.1<11 20, 1985 

Dive, dive! 
By AlICIA AGOS, Spans Editor 

I F YOU MISSED THE OLYMPICS, here's your chance. This coming Saturday, May 25 , the San Diego 
Association of Diving is officially 
presenting the San Diego Diving 
Spectacular. Big deal? It is, actually, 
because anyone who buys a ticket will 
get a chance to see some first-rate 
diving in the fonn of super-Olympian 
Greg Louganis, with Michelle Mitchell 
and Wendy Wyland . This exhibition 
will occur out at our own Canyonview 
Pool, which means that any seat is a 
good seat , and the sights will definitely 
be worth seeing. 

The program, sponsored in 
cooperation with the San Diego 
AsSOCiation of DiVing, Dive San Diego, 
and UCSD, is getting some enthusiastic 
promotion from Tom Olivo, UCSD's 
diving coach and the national director 
of US diVing. With the community 
program Dive an Diego, "Our goal is to 
stgnlficantly increase the numbers of 
divers in this countt)' I've been hired to 
create three other programs [one in 
Indiana, Wisconsin and New Jersey] Just 
Itke thiS one. Our progr.lm is serving as 
a national pilot. The future of diving IS 
starting nght here at UCSD." 

Olivo hopes the exhlhltlOn will bring 
light to not only UCSD's program but 
also diVing III general The Olympic 
divers (including Louganls, Mitchell , 
Wyland , Wendy WIlI'ams, Jim Gray and 
Tim O'Bnen) who Will be perfo rming on 
Saturday know what a 's like to struggle 
not only wllh (ralnmg for their SpOrt, 
but with trainIng in mmimal or 
definitely less-than-adequate facllaies . 

By DUNCAN MILLAR 
"I MISSED IT THE DAY after it 

ended," said Michelle Carroll. 
"I'm sad it's over," sighed coach 

Denny Harper. Could it be true , after 
three tough days of water polo (and 
little else) at the US Water Polo 
Collegiate Nationals at the Canyonview 
pool last weekend , that anyone would 
be sorry it was over? Is it possible, after 
a long, stressful season , that either 
player could actually miss the practices, 
road trips, and games? Evidently, the 
answer is yes. 

It seems that most of UCSD's 
women's water polo team found the 
nationals, as well as the whole season, 
an extremely enjoyable and satisfying 
experience. And it's not hard to see 
why, considering their accomplishments 
and their character. 

Although they started the season by 
losing six of their first eight games and 
looking like they might not go 100 far, 
the Tritons turned things around , took 
third in the nation, and produced four 
All-Americans. A good effort all around. 

Here's how the national tournament 
went for San Diego: 
Game 1: UCSD 14, UC Irvine 9 

[n their second meeting of the year 
(UCSD won the first 14-8), fonner 
Triton Jenny Hohne , who was named 
first team All-Amencan, scored six goals 
for UC[ but it wasn't enough as UCSD 
made an 8-4 halftime stand up. 
Freshman Michelle Carroll scored five 
goals for San Diego, as did junior Janell 
Lowe. UCSD made an amazlIlg 14 of 16 
shots 1Il the game agamst the Anteaters , 
who flllished sixth in the tourney wllh a 
2-3 record 

That is one reason , says Olivo, these 
athletes will be in town this weekend . 
"Louganis himse'lf came from San Diego 
but had to leave as a youngster because 
there was no coach and no facility ." The 
progress made in tenns of facilities built 
and the sport of diving in general has 
been encouraging, however. "If Greg had 
been a youngster now, he'd be able to 
stay in San Diego. A diving tank has 
been built. Greg identifies with people 
In San Diego and the program here." 

Olivo is of the opinion that the 
collegiate program at UCSD is one of 
the best in the country. The Dive San 
Diego program and the intercollegiate 
program benefit each other. "The 
University needs to be commended on 
their devotion to aquatics; number one , 
they constnlcted one of the finest 
facilities in the country, and number 
two, they are hinng some of the best 
coaches in the country. Not JUSt in 
dlvmg, but in the whole aquatiCS 
program, there IS a commitment to 
excellence ." 

Saturda y's exhibition will have two 
Installments; one show at 12 noon and 
the other at 4 pm. Besides the simple 
entertainment of watching these athletes 
perfonn , there will also be a somewhat 
lighter side to the program, with two 
1980 Olym pians doing acrobatic and 
comed)' divmg. Limited sea ting is 
available. and tickets can be purchascd 
a t the UCSD Recreation Office. 
Ti ketron agencies, or through members 
of the Dive San Diego program. For 
further Infonnation , call 452-4037 . [J The ~ing of the Divers: Lougams retums 10 San Diego. 

H20 polo goes under 

That, in short, 
is the season 

The TnlOn team which look third In the nallOn and produced four All-Amencan s. 

Game 2: UCSD 16, CSU Hayward '/ 
The Tritons beat Hayward 13-2 early 

in the year, and looked just as good in 
this game. [t was an incredible 8-0 at 
the end of the first quarter, then the 
heavy substituting began for San Diego. 
Carroll scored four, Lowe three, and 
junior Allison Shoen field twO to lead a 
balanced scoring attack. 

Game 3: UCSB 15, UCSD 9 
San Diego's nemesis, Santa Barbara, 

notched their fourth victory of the year 
over the Tritons in as many tries, San 
Diego was psyched up for the game, 
and felt they could win it ·One of their 
gnis had beer on her breath during the 
game," said Ca,.1l1. ·That kind of shows 
they're cocky: I i maybe alcoholic. She 
continued, ·We ~ :..ght that to win the 
tournament, we must beat Santa Barbara. 
We felt like we deserved to win." San 
Diego lost to UCSB the Lst time by only 
7-5 , so they felt they might be ready to 
pull off an upset But the Gauchos 
grabbed a 7-2 second quarter lead 
before the Tritons knew what was going 
on. "[ feel bad about that game," said 
Harper. "We played uncharacteristically 
poorly. We have such a dislike for 
them. After three (previous) losses, we 
wanted to win so badly. But after the 
first quarter we well' really rattled and 
went down in a hurry. After going from 
such a high point (after their first twO 
wins) 10 such a low (being down by an 
emharrassing 7-2 score), it really blew 
their minds ." 

UCSD, despite the setback, geared up 
for day number three. "[ knew the 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE l' > 

MoMay, May 20, 1985 l' 
S~l.TS . 

• ~ ... ,. , ), ~ ~ v ") • : .:.1. u , • • • ~ "X'/' ~". J .~... x::; X •• :::: IX"" ' '. 

H20 polo goes under 
< COr-mNUED FROM PAGE H · 
second the game was over that we'd 
play well on unday." said Harper. "My 
teams never play poorly back 10 back" 

[n the game, Carroll, who led the 
tournament 1Il scoring With 27 goals in 
five games, had four. 
Game 4: UCSD 12, Slanfurd 9 

Was Harper happy? "I think Denny 
hurt hiS leg Jumping up and down 
(celebrating) after the game," said 
Carroll. 

Carroll scored six, Lowe three and 
senior Karin Kalk two goals . San Diego 
jumped out to an early 3-1 lead , but 

DIego's bench and the fans in the 
stands went wild . With chams of 
"Defense l Defense!" arising from the 
bleachers, UCSD held and clinc hed 
third place 

So, at 4-1. UCSD tied with Stanford 
and UCSB. But Harper had something 
to add to that . "As far as I'm concerned 
we tied for the championship . It 's 
sim ilar to how the US lost the gold in 
the Olympics. They tied Yugoslavia, but 
then it went to goal averages" Harper 
didn't sound bitter. Rather, he was 
happy that he could say his team beat 
the national champion in the national 
tournament. 

In the All American selections, Carroll 
was named first team , Lowe to the 
second and jumor Karin Givens with 
sophomore goalie Jennifer Rennick to 
the honorable squad. Givens, although 
she didn't score like Carroll, did a great 
job at two-meters controlling San Diego's 
offense. RenniCk. who had 52 saves in 
the five games, also played well . Harper: 

ARE YOU 

the score was tied at 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 
before Lowe put San Diego ahead to 
stay with a goal with 3: 16 left to play. 
When Stanford drew close (at 10-9) 
with a goal with I :56 left , Kalk iced the 
game a minute later with an Inside shot 
One more goal by Carroll and UCSD 
had beaten the # I seeded team and 
eventual champion. But more on this 
later. 

Game 5: UCSD 9, Slippery Rock tate 8 
While some people think that 

Slippery Rock is in Arkansas, it's really 
in Pennsylvania. Slippety Rock had 
already lost by one to Stanford a nd by 
four to UCSB and so this game was a 
baltle for third place. 

"Mongo (Rennick) played phenomenally. 
[ think she was ripped off on the All-
American voting. Everyone I talked to 
said she was the best goalie. But they 
couldn't have (Slippery Rock goalie) 
Mara Battle (who's on the junior 

REACHING 
national team) behind Mongo, who has 
only played two years ." 

So, in short, that was the toumment. 

THE LIMITS OF 
YOUR POTENTIAL? 

Goals by sophomore Mary Balic, Lowe 
and Carroll gave the Tritons a 3-1 first 
quarter lead , but Slippery Rock came 
back to tie the game at 4. UCSD went 
up 7-5, but slippery Rock came back 
once again (scoring with 1:30 left) to tie 
it at 8. But then with a girl on her back, 
Carroll turned and scored her seventh 
goal of the game with :59 left. San 

Lowe undetwent shoulder surgery on 
Monday for rotator cuff problems which 
began early in the year. Givens pulled 
ligaments in her shoulder. "1 couldn't lift 
my ann over my head the next day," 
she said . But in spite of the pain and, at 
times frustration and discouragement, 
this was a great ending to a spectal 
season. ErI 

Is life just a trip down memory lane? 
Good position still available for SPORTS EDITOR 

Get on the ball! 
Contact: Phil or Phil at 452-6580 

Unless you cutout this 
coupon,the only · gyou'll be 

a star in is your own fueams. 

• I 

Millions of people dream of 
making it big in show business, 

But the cold reality is that 
only a chosen few actually break 
in, let alone become superstars, 

But you can increase your 
chances a thousandfold. 

By ordering Nina Blanchard's 
new, first-edition video "How to 
Break into Motion Pictures, Televi-
sion, Commercials and Modeling~' 

For over 24 years, Nina 
Blanchard has been a superstar in 
her own right. As an agent who 
hac;; launched and guided the ca-
reers of some of the industry's 
most famous actors and models. 

Now, for the first time, you 
can lake advantage of her wealth 
of experience and knowledge. 

On this videoca'iSe ue, you 
will find an the information you 
need to get staned, to find an 
agent, to master the techniques of 
auditioning, to find out if you 

have what it takes and more, Wally Nicita, to me ntion a few. 
And you'll hear first-hand, At only $59.95, this 2Yz hour 

from the likes of Academy-Award tape is not only a bargain if 
winner Cloris Leachman, super- you're serious about breaking 
star models Cheryl Tiegs and Jeff into show business. 
Aquillon, famous casting director It's a dream come true. 
r--------------------------------------, Call1-BOO-227-3800 Ext. 548 

to order "I low to 8re'dk into Motion Picture;, 
Television, C()mmercial~ and M()(lclin~( or fi ll in 
the coupon and send it in to(/;W 
I'm st!rious about hreaking into show rosiness. 
Send me Nina HI:mchards Vloc'OCL';seue today. 

arnc ________ _ 

Addres.~ ____ --''--__ 

Ci~-----------
State _____ Zip ____ _ 

Check 00,11\.'<1 fOfTI1:ll 0 VIIS 0 RI .. ,'A 
Nina Blanchanls 

Please ~nd me __ vidL>f)(-assettes (U. $')9.9') 
each, plu~ « .5O ~hipping and handling . 
(California residenl~ add 6V,% sale" tax.) 

o Enclu.'iL'tl i~ my chL'Ck or monq' order 
made OUI to Anthon)' Productions in the 

amount of $ _____ _ 
o Ql:trge to the follOWing 
cn.>dit card: 

Ma~tercard 0 Visa D. 
My card numher i . ., , __ _ 

Expiration I):ue ___ _ 
Ail cn."tli t C'.lrd order:, ll1u:,l 
be signed. Allow 3-4 weeks 
for ddivery. Mail to: Nina 
l3Iancharci, P.O. Box 708, 
liollyw(xxl, Ca. 90028. 

Siwlalurc ________ _ 

"How to Break into Motion Pictures, 
Television, .~Q!!!!PEfi~~~¥odeling: L ______________________________________ ~ 

• , J ,I • 11' J I I 

-------------------- ---- ------------- ---

, I! 



Read HIATUS · Every ~hursday, Hiatus guides you t~rough the world of arts a.nd • entertamment both on campus and 10 the LaJolla community. 
For movie and record reviews, a look at what's Goings On, plus 
everything you've always wanted in an arts magazine, and less, 
tum to Hiatus , on sale at fine newsstands everywhere. 

Muir Quad 
Sponsored by: 
Campus Recreation & Muir College 
Free Admission 

h · REMOVED a I r PERMANENTlY 
by regIStered, plotesSlonol electrOlogIsts 

WOMEN.MEN ~ 
Gentle Tleatment 
Air o.a_1I1z1ng 
• MedIcal Approv.d 
• Collfornla Uc:en18d 
• Tax Deductible 

days~venlngs·Soturdayl~::::::::::=> 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROL VSlS CLINICS 

LA JOLLA 

1464-12421 
, 8950 \llIto La Jolla Drlv. 
La Jolla 11111_ "'" elf 

BAlIOA PARK 

1589-9050 I 
28~hA .. , 

61h " .. Medteat Or 

XEROX 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

FREE 

o 
per COpy 

101 volume jobs 

• COLLATING 
• PARKING 
• PlClCUP/ DElIVERV 

(with minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6th Ave., SD , 
231-1676 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profi Ie 

testi ng program wi II 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459·7342 

Day or Night 

leARNiNG 
CeNTeR 

Amsterdam. ... $648 . 
Madrid .......... $699 
Pam .............. $719 
Athens ............ $ 768 

CD"rKd fro ..... ~~f\ll(~' 
Q?UNCIL 
452-0630 

WE DO RESUMES 
and we do them well. A typeset resume gets 
people's attention-as well it should, because it 
looks spiffy. If you want your resume to be a spiffy 

resume, bring your text down to the Guardian 
during regular business hours (8-5 Monday 
through Friday), and impress somebody you love. 

Today's pace is faster than ever before, 
And the future is bound to be even more 
demanding, 

So to he Ip you get a bette r gTip on all 
your banking needs, Home Federal has 
taken a giant step into the future , 

The Future Of 
Banking Convenience 
With a Home Federal Any timecard'" you'll 
see how fast and flexible banking can be. 
For instance, you can now use ii in any SThR 
SYSTEM automated teller machine. 

~ That means you can nBD~. withdraw your money ~II'W\ . with the push of a 
" Y c., , I M button at over 1,000 

STAR SYSTEM ATMs throughout Ca lifornia, 
You can also use all Home Federal in-

lobby Personal Banking Machines and all 

AnytimeTelier machines to access up to 
ten Home Federal accounts, You can even 
use it to pay for gas and groceries at 
selected ARCO AM/PM Mini Markets. 

And that's just the beginning, Soon 
you'll use your Anytimecard nationwide for 
even more services at more locations. 

To get an Any timecard is easy. And fast. 
Just walk in to any Home Federal office, 
Choose your own Personal Identification 
Code (PIC) . And within minutes, you'll 
walk out with an Any timecard, 

And to introduce you to the future of 
banking convenience, Home Federal 
invites you to enter. , , • 

The Ticket To The 
Future Sweepstakes 
Just visit any Home Federal office for a 
complete Sweepstakes package, the rules 
and regulations and an Any timecard. 

But hurry, the more entries you 
complete before the deadline of May 31, 
1985 the better chance you have of 
winning one of these prizes: 

\ 
\ , 

,.,." 

GRAND PRIZE (One) A 7-day vacation 
for two to visit the Kennedy Space Center, 
Walt Disney World and EPeOT Center 
PLUS an IBM Personal Computer System, 
FIRST PRIZE (One) A 26·day cruise for 
two through the Mediterranean, across 
the Atlantic to the Canary Islands and 
through the Caribbean to Miami,· 
SECOND PRIZES (200) A deluxe Pierre 
Cardin designer garment bag. 
THINGS OUR lAWYERS KNEW YOU'D WANT TO KNOW. 
Trips include airfare and accommodaltons All partiCipants 
must reee,\'\! a copy of the Rules and Re~ulahons . mu,t 
be 18 ,ears old (or older) and be a California re~idenL 

~o purchase requited, 
·P,,,,,dtdto, 'fill Royal Cruise Une 

~v~ 
n 

I-IOME fEOEML 
tJ~~WH~~ 

ASSETS S9 BILLION 0 OVER t50 OFFICES SERVING CALIFORNIA 0 HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION 0 MEMBER FSLlC 
CHECK THE YELLOW PAGES FOR THE OFFICE NEAREST YOU. 



//:~~ ~~( ~) ) 
o 0 (~( ==::::J: ~~( =---) ) I 1=)) 

WANTED: 
Student Participation 

• In 
University Governance 

Who? All undergraduate and graduate students who will attend the 
University of Cali fornia during the t 985-86 academIc year are leigible. 
What? Students are needed to serve on several UC systemwide committees 
during the t 985-86 academic year. These are the committees with bigshot 
Chancellors and University Vice Presidents who make decisions in smoke-
filled backrooms affecting your education and life. 

Well , maybe not smoke-filled backrooms, but unless students serve on 
these committees crucial input that could change the course of events will be 
missing. Policies affecting student fee levels, graduation requirements , 
quahty of teaching, student housing, and other issues are determined by 
systemwide committees. 
Where? These committees meet throguhout the state , but usually at 
University Hall in Berkeley. Student representatives are reimbursed for most 
COStS aSSOCIated with attending committee meetings. Committees meet 
month I)., quarterly or annually. 
How? To apply to serve on a systemWide committee , simply complete an 
appl ication . Return it to your campus student government ornce or mail it to: 
UC Student Lobby, 926J Street, Room 616 , Sacramento, CA 95814 (916) 442-
3827. 0 expenence is necessary, so don't le t anyone discourage you. An 
orientation in the fall will prepare you for your committee assignment. We 
are looking for conscient ious individuals willing to attend all meetings and 
repon regularly to the UC Student Lobby and the Student Body Presdnts' 
Council, your statewide student advocates. 
When? During May personal or phone interviews will be conducted and 
selections will be made by mid-June. Ap\)licants will be notified of their 
status by July. Many additional appointments will be made in the fall for 
vacancies and new committees. So, if you miss the May 9 deadline , you 
should still send in your application by June l . 
Why? There are many good reasons why you should apply: l) We need you 
2) Your really can change the system 3) It will enhance your resume 4) You 
have nothing better to do with your time 5) Think of all the contacts you will 
make! I bet you can think of several other good reasons to apply - so do it 
now! 
For more information: If you have any questions or need more information 
contact Greg Arnold at the AS Offices at 452-4450. 

Committees available: 
Acad emic Planning and Program Review Board 
Student Fina ncial Aid 
Global Conflict and Cooperation Steering Committee 
Academ ic Freedom 
Affirmative Action 
Board of Admissions and Relations with Sc hools 
Subcommittee of the Board of Admissions and Relations with Schools 
Computer Policy 
Education Abroad Program 
Education Policy 
Research 
Undergraduate Scholarships, Honors and Prizes 
University Extension 
Undergraduate Preparation and Remedial Education 
Library 
Planning and Budget 
Joint Projects Steering Committee 
Student Affirmative Action Committee 
Student Fee Advisory Committee 
Committee on Student Preparation 

Attn: Student Orgs 
Bizarre Bazaar/FFOG will be held October 

4, 1985. To participate contact your program 
advisor at UEO x4090. 

Budget Req uests for fall 
quarter are due \lay 24- by 
4-: 30 pill ill the AS ()fficc . 

Wanted: UC Student Lobby Annex 
The UC Student Lobby Annex lobbys locallegilators, 

U C officials and others for student concerns and needs. 
The Lobby Annex is also responsible for education on 
issues, dissemination of information and grassroots 
organizing. Lobby Annex Director - coordinate the AS 
UC Student Lobby Annex. Assistant Lobby Annex 
Director for Federal Affairs, State Affairs and Municipal 
Affairs. All of the above positions provide great hands-
on experience plus the opportunity to travel. 

, 

SQUATTERS: 
The Other Philadelphia Story 

also "The Heart of Loisaida" 
Friday, May 24 at 7 pm in TLH 107 

FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE 
Political Film Series sponsored by Committee for World Democracy. 

"Chatting with the Chancellor" 
Talk to Richard Atkinson 

Tuesday, May 21 from 4-5:30 pm 
North Conference Room 

Everyone is welcome! 

FREE accessory(s) with purchase in our 
Hewlett Packard 41 ,71 series promotion. 

For a limited time only, only at the 

General Store Coop 
Open 8:45-5:00 Mon-Fri 

in the student center 

Israel and South Africa 
Professor Jacob Goldberg will speak on the nature of 

Israel's relationship with South Africa on Tuesday, May 21 at 
6:00 pm in HL 1438. Sponsored by the Israel Action 
Committee and ASUCSD. 

The Social Event of the Year 
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS' 

DATE: 
TIME: 
PLACE: 

Semi 
Formal 

MAY 24 FRIDAY 
9 PM-1 AM 
SHERATON HARBOR ISlAND 
CHAN1PAGNE ROOM 

TICKETS: ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE 

PRICE: 

BANDS: 
ALSO: 

APR. 16 - WlAY 24 
513,00 PER PERSON 

PRIVATE DOMAIN 
91X ROAD SHOW 
VvlTH T. BRIAN SCHOCH 

Interested in doing an internship now? 
Internships are available immediately with Assemblyman 

Steve Peale. Interns will be responsible for constituent 
casework and correspondence, research projects on major 
issues, legislative updates and phone inquiries. For more 
infonnation stop by or call the Associated Students 
Internship Office. We are located on the second floorofthe 
student center above the gameroom. Our phone number is 
452-4689. Open daily from 9 am - 3 pm. 

The 'Healthiest' party of the year 
Health Issues and Professions Organization will be 

having an end of the year party/general meeting on 
Wednesday, May 22 in the Revelle Informal Lounge. The 
general meeting will be from 6-7 pm and from 7-8:30 pm 
guest speakers James Rosenberg and Reuben Granich will 
speak on "Health Care in a Small Mexican-Indian 
Community." Bring snacks. Old and new members 
welcome. 

IKE Presents: 
"Big Wednesday" 

Wednesday, May 22 in PH 108 
7 & 9 pm showings. Only $1.50 

Tickets available at the box office. 

Lecture Notes Sales End 
on Friday, May31 (9th Week) 4 pm 
So prepare for finals now! Don't be caught without 
ASUCSD Lecture Notes. $ll / qtr. Great,typed 
notes. SubSCriptions available for: 

Current Notes for: Bio 1, 2, 3 , 20 , 101 , 106, 131 , 156, 
Chern 68 (Hearns), 6C, 140B, EECS 50C, Poli Sci 12, 
Psych 4, 103, 168, Soc 10. 

Old Notes For: Bio 15 (Holland ), Comm 20 (Cole) , 
ECON 100B (Guasch), Chern 68 (Sarey), Bio 153 
(Kristan), ECON 120A (White), EECS 70 (Cohen), 
History 2C. Sales end: May 31 at 4 pm. 

RISC'y Business 
Congratulations to all the new officers. For those of you 

who still want to be involved there are two positions open. 
Events coordinator and publicity chairman. These two 
positions are appointed positions and will be voted upon by 
the elected officers. If you are interested, tum in your letter of 
intent to run into the ski club office at Canyon view no later 
than 4 pm May 29. (x4037 for questions). Back by popular 
demand BROOM BALL. May 29. Meet at the Rec. Conf. Room 
at 8 pm. Refreshments will be served. 

$$$$$ JOBS 
Applications being accepted for 
ASUCSD Lecture Notes: Office 
worker, notetakers , manager. 
First: Get a job referral from the job board, then 
(and only- then) schedule an interview at the 
office. Great pay. Jobs will close soon. All jobs to 
begin fall quarter 1985. 

, 

Society of Women Engineers meeting 
The Society of Women Engineers will give a presentation 

on Monday, May 20 from 6-7:30 pm in Urey Hall 2102. The 
topic is "Energy Engineering." Mr. Raymond Miller of the SO 
County Dept. of General Services will give a presentation on 
cogeneration and other aspects of energy engineering. All 
members are encouraged to attend as well as any students 
who are interested in forming a student chapter of the 
Association of Energy Engineers here on campus. 
Refreshments will be served. 

Women's R~source Center groups 
Lesbian/ bisexual discussion group held every Tuesday 

from 4:30-6 pm at the WRC (next to the food coop.) 
Feminist discussion group held every Wednesday from 
4:30-6 pm at the WRC. 

All You Can Eat T ostadas! 
For only $3.00 at the Che Cafe this Wednesday from 5-7 

pm. We also have new hours from 10-7 we will now be 
serving lunch and dinner. Please come volunteer for food 
credit. Get involved. We are a stude~t organization. 

• 



Classified adwrttslng splICe Is sold In I~ 
character Increments. Each letter. pu!'1CbMtlon 
INIIt< .nd space between words Is considered 
• m.rKter. wtth alplUll letters CDUntlng lIS 
two dUlrkters. The rate Is 51 per lOOm.rKters 
for students .,d 53 ~r 100 ch.rilCters for non-
students. You must come by the otrlce or rNlII In 
)OUt'IId, .s we require ~t In ildvllnCe 0' 
publlcMlon. Deiidllnes .re 5 pm TuescUy for 
Thursday's p"per, 5 pm FrlcUy for Mondoly's 
pIIper. For more Infornvtlon alII 452-3466. 
The GuoIrdl.", UCSD. 8-016, La Joll., CA 
92093. 

BIG WEDNESDAY BIG WEDNESDAY BIG 
WEDNESDAY May 22 7 & 9 pm. (5/20) 

Violin. VIOla. prep for 32 or Just for run. IndMdual or 
shared lessons Helen Martin. 457-0671 (6/6) 

LAJOUAACADEMYOFADVERTISINGARTS l-yr 
course & JOb placement assIstance In advertISIng. 
deSIgn. copy. productIOn. sales. marketIng or 
publloty Now enrollIng for June 17 Free catalog 
459-0201. (6/6) 

There IS an aiternatllle to allopathIC medlone. 
Naturopatt-o/ offers an IntegratIVe approach to 
patIent care that allows mastery of both 
technolo!y and the mJnd/body/erMronment 
interface. Call Gary 452-8430. (5/20) 

GO SEE BIG WEDNESDAY THE Surf epIC. May 227 
& 9 pm TIx SI SO at box office. (5/20) 

Summer JOb office work In JewIsh resIdent summer 
camp In Malibu. 10 weeks of typing. phones. sun 
and surf. Room/Board & Salary. Call Stuart 
Simmons 213 388-2401. (5/20) 

Warren Commuters PIzza party: ThIs IS our last 
event of the year. Come have runl Thursday 6:00 at 
the warren Provost Office. All the pIzza you can eat 
for SI. Sign up now at Provost Office. (5/20) 

Study buddhIsm in Korea this summer. Free room. 
board & Instruction. 6 week sessIon. call 942-
B596. (5/23) 

illtll18111111 
VW Bug 1969 Superb condItIOn InsIde & out. Very 
reliable. S1200 or best. 5B7-0494 or 274- 7797. 
(5/20) 

For sale: FIsher IOOx2 black Int. amp. Akal 50x2 
dIgItal recelller. Steve 453-9722. (5/20) 

Aoorable anImal rubber stamps: Cats. kittens, 
bunnies. bears. pandas. penguIns. unIcorns. etc.1 
OJer 320 deslgnsl Use on notepads. brighten 
envelopes. checks. create statIonery, stIckers etc. I 
Great gIft Ideal Free catalogl Send SA.s.E. (.39) to. 
Cntter care Center. PO. Box 77. Solana Beach. CA 
92075. (6/6) 

Roadstar bIcycle-black 25" mens frame, 
strongllght cranks, blackburn rack, suntour 
derailleur S60 Greg 453-3264. (5/20) 

Portable C0fTl>uter, NEC B20I. and Epson pnnter. 
Ideal for taking class notes and writing papers. 
Many programs and a prone modem too. S600 
Call canole at GuardIan at 452-6580 or home 
eves., 454-2917. (5/28) 

HP 33£ Scientific calculator w/ case. adapter. 
owner and programming manual. S25 Greg 453-
3264. (5/20) 

2 Phil Collins tickets for Sunday. June 2, at Irvine 
Meadows. Good seats. S30 apiece or best. Please 
call Val at 450-9192. (5/20) 

3'x2' Wooden draftJng table. Surface angle 
adjustment and folds up for storage. S30 Greg 453-
3264. (5/20) 

Nordica skJ boot 91ft certificate. Your choICe of 
model, size. and color. S2000r best. call 755-6594. 
(6/6) 

FOR SALE: calculator HP34C WIth charger and 
oorumentatlon, Rosslg1al F200 carbon md-slze 
tennis racket-MAKE ME AN OFFER III call 
GUlslaln 455-9851 / Beagle 354. (5/28) 

Apple 11+; 64K; 80 colurm display; paral~ print 
card; green rronitor III; SSDD disk drive; Epso 
RX8(}.F IT printer, hardly used; System Save 
Applewriter II, co"1>c1ti~ with Epson features 
Visicalc; locksmth. E~hing needed for 1M) 
processing and spread sheets. Game paddles 
stand, mlSc. programs. programmng manuals, 3 
dIskettes Inc .. All I1'od condition. SI.OOO. Sean 45 

~ 
n 
r. 

rd 

0 
0-

3093, 452-6580. (5/28) 

Nlkon camera-Nikkormat EL WIth SOmm Nlkk 
AI.. lens. This camera IS in perfect condition with 
rlIce black body finish. SI79 call Kevin or leav 

or 
a 
e 

message at 455-9710. (5/20) 

1972 VW Van g:>od condition SI600. Lynn 75 
9566 evenIngs. (5/20) 

5-

1973 Pinto. Runs well but looks bad. Dependable 
No aCCIdents. Orig. owner. S300 or best. Sue 458 -
9001. (5/23) 

For Sale: 5'10" Reflex Tnfin Surfboard. Great shap 
AIrbrush desIgns. channels. SJ25. Call Dowa 
452-4584 (daytime only). (5/20) 

e. 
In 

A Queen SIZe mattress (2) tor S50 Please call 458-
1050 between 7 to 10 pm (5/20) 

Wanted. used skateboard. Student Ored 0 
walkJngl call Steve anytJme. 481-9683. (5/20) 

Wanted' Talented people to write or illustrate fo 
the GuardIan. call 452-6580. (6/6) 

f 

r 

tvtodels needed for fashion show in Ll Jolla 
Contiuous IMlrk If picked. Send any photo and 
Jt10ne ASAP to: BABAK'S 5666 La Jolla Blvd .• Suite 
128. Ll Jolla. Ca. 92037. (5/20) 

t SUMMER CAMP KEY STAFF-wanted for residen 
Jewish camps in Malibu. Counselors, songleaders 
waterfront specialist (21 yrs. of age/WSI required) 
and secretaries. Room/BOard & Salary. Inttrested7 
Contact Sutart Slmrrons, DIrector (213) 388-2401 
(5/20). 

Need tINO drivers to south Maryland. All expenses 
paId. References required. 583-3201 or 286-4370 
(5/28) 

Childcare needed 2-1/2 days per week, my home 
755-6833. (5/20) 

Sorrento Valley graphic arts firm needs office 
clerk/delrvery driver with own car. Duties include 
technical proofreading, light typing. filing, prones 
and delllleries with some client interaction 
Graphics background or major helpful. good 
opportunity to learn about prOOJctlon art and 
printing. Part/time permanent. Start at 
54. SO/hour, prefer 1-5pm. Contact Nancy or Val at 
455-1292. (5/20) 

lookIng for queen size bed, chest of drawers, and 
bookshelf. call 459-7723. (5/23) 

STOCKBROKER ASSISTANT: Work part tJme 
(evenIng or afternoons) WIth E.F. Hunon A.E. 
earnJng good money and rollege credit. S5.00 per 
hr. min. plus bonus. primanly ooing phone 
canvassing. Good phone corrmunicatJOn skIlls 
helpful. call 231-8888 ext. 532, ask for Penry 
(5/20) 

Help Wanted: Pt. time delivery drivers. Ph. 587-
0700. Mano's Pizza. Ask for Sandro. (5/20) 

Marketing: Ulique field-sales position available to 
UCSD students part-time near campus. Excellent 
opportunity and experience. call 818 350-5322 for 
details. (5/23) 

Wanted: Apt or house in U, U<ity or Del Mar to 
rent for . 2 weeks in mid-June and/or late July by 
responsrble couple. phone Jan 452-0647. (5/23) 

Female Roommate wanted: summer & next fall. 
Near campus, own room. pool. jacuzzi. call Pam 
457-5176. (5/30) 

La Jolla Playhouse needs summer hol.5lng. Sublets. 
rentals. roommates Agreements sIgned Call Carol 
452-6760. (6/6) 

2 ~males wanted to share large mast~ ~oom 
and 01Ml bath In lIxury rondo by UCSO ttls 
sumner. Pool. jacuzzi. 2 car garage. washer. etc. 
245/rro +!A utilities. Call Delphine or Christa at 
457-9607 ~. (5/28) 

Room (or rent: in brand new ~ Jolla Colo~ condo. 
Everything new. clean. Must seel Call t!IIe 453-
8939. (5/20) 

Wanted-rem. nonsrroking roorrmate to share 
master bedroom S255/mo or haIIe own single 
room S295/mo +'A util. Brand new. spacious. 
luXUriOUS rondo at La Jolla Colo~; washer, d~, 
mIcro. 2 pools + spas. For rent summer &jor school 
year only 5 mlns. to UCSD Call Sheri 453-1262. 
Beth 453-7316, ChristIna 453-9797. (5/23) 

Room to rent n furnished eastgate rondo. 
AvaIlable June 16 and into the sdlool year. SI75 
each. mo. to mo. call 458-9001. (5/30) 

4 person luxury conoo near UCSD for rent. Summer 
lease w/next yr. optIOn. SI050 rro .. unfum., sec. 
dep. Neat new place W/pooljacUZll. microwave, 
garage. patio. Call 450-9104. (5/20) 

Wanted: 2 persons to share large master bedroom 
sUIte over summer: large tub & shower, prlllate 
battvoom, 2 SInks. walk-In closet. Entire large 
rondo furnished with microwave. color lV, pool. 
Jacuzzi. two car garage. etc. 1/4 mile from UCSD 
on Gilman. S275/person plus utJl. call 458-1850. 
(5/23) 

Roommate to share a room In Genessee Highland 
area. SISO a month. call anytime. keep trying. 450-
0328. (5/23) 

Fall rental Sept.-May. Fum. ocnfrnt om/bay VIew 
apts studio S320/mo I br S525-5SO 2 br S775-8SO 

~ ~ S12oo. Parking laundry facility. S200 to hold 
untt two months. Rent requir~ pnor occupan<)' 
485-7319 ell. (6/6) 

Bay Ho condo-I br, bay view, close to UCSD. Great 
buy! Pool, spal S69,900 Agent-Marsha 459-4181. 
(5/20) 

Wanted-2 ~males to share master bedroom In 
Del Mar duplex located on Coast. Avail. 7/1-school 
yr. Furnished. S260 eactl & 1/4 util. call Kathy at 
259-8081. (5/23) 

dBS{§@ijlll 
Top Drawer Secretarial reports. resumes. 
Manuscr~ts. Student rates. Word processing. 
DIane 4BI-4I60. (6/6) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many type styles 
to choose from. spelling and punctuation ~rors 
rorrected. pick-up and delivery. quality IIIIOfk, 
FASnll S2/page (oouble spaced). call Int~active 
MIcro Systems at 452-9949. (6/6) 

WORD PROCESSING: Many typestyles. rough 
drafts. spelling checked. SI.SO/pg 273-5038. 
(5/20) 

Typing: IBM/rush pbs/editing/fast, professional 
results. 453-0656 or 296-7333 Shan. (6/6) 

\XIORD PROCESSING: Fast service. SI.SO/page. I 
pickup & deliver. Andy Laurence 279-8056. (6/6) 

PROFESSIONAl TYPING. Word Processing & Tape 
Transcription. Reasonable rates. The Key Word, 
459-5818. (6/6) 

Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl Spelling 
rorrect -Rush jobs specialty/IS yrs. expt'J. ~ obI/a 
457-.3842. (6/61 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush jobs 
accepted. (5/~) 

Typing: IBM/RUSH JOBS/EDITING/FAST. 
Professional results/453-0656 or 296-7333 Shari. 
6/6) ( 

Sexy and sleek summer boa,-and face Wc1JC. 20% off 
manicure and ~Icure 25% off. Near campus. 
457-2003. (5/231 

TYPING-Fast acrurate-exp·d. Theses, term 
papers. Only SI.25/pg. 452-2934, d<fj-270-
8597. eve (5/23) 

Super typing. IBM. spelling corrected, reasonable 
rate. rush job, 16 yrs. exp., near UCSD. call Fery 
452-1393. (5/20) 

A NEED FOR A TWIST7 Reasonable. ~. 
AcQJrate. C~II Kathie 576-1277. (6/6) 

Settle (or an "A ". 90% Is presentation. IBM word 
processing. SI.25/pg. spellctleck. Your Sec'y 755-
3252. (6/6) 

IBM WORD PROCESSING/Editing. Fast/accurate. 
Pick up/de/rver UCSD. Call Sally at 453-7511. (6/6) 

GMAT/L~T TUTOR. PhD student; 4 years 
teactllng experIence; former Instructor for major 
US test prep center. Intensive. analytic method. 
Andrew 459-7602. eves. (5/20) 

n"E SURF MOVIE of the 70'sll 81G WEDNESDAY 
will be shown May 22. TIx at box office. (5/20) 

Hey LJIys did u hear about the Pan hellenIc 
volleyball tourney June 27 Lets get more info May 
22-29 on the Plaza. Now all we need IS 2 able 
bodied partners I Watch this space for rrore details. 
Lov Trace. (5/20) 

McKeone. once IS not enough. Let's try it agarn. 
Lunch7 Your Vol/~II Partner. (5/20) 

Scott ThofTl>son: So you want to be the spy7 Well. 
I'm the one who's been ooing the spying. 007JB. 
(5/20) 

Berlin-Hey rudel Happy one yearl I love you, 
Nahin. (5/20) 

~t mtg of the Health Issues and Professions Org. 
Tues. May 22. 6-7 General ~ing. 7-B:30 guest 
speakers .James Rosberg and Reuben Granich-
"Health care in a Mexican-Indian Village" R~le 
In' Lounge. (5/20) 

Christian couple wants to adopt a caucasian baby. 
M . Haf\tey. 8701 ~t Ct SO 92119 or call 460-
6649. (5/20) . 

Attn: UCSO Students only the following 
organizatrons are formally r«agnized I:!J' your 
Inter-fraternity council as being a Greek 
organlZation/fratemlty. Delta Sigma Phi. Phi Delta 

~ta. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Nu. Tau Kappa 
Epsilon. Zeta ~ta Tau. Be1bre joining other 
organizations c/aimlng to be Greek. get all the 
facts from your IFe. Call 452-4083. Be Informed. 
(5/20) 

Happy 21st birthday Baobabl Robin, it's time to 
cetebratel It's been terrific rooming with you for 
the past 2 years. But sinceyou·regraciJating. I'll be 
losing not only a roommate, but a best friend. 
Thanx br all the advice. patience & memories (like 
our card-house ... ) looking forward to this summer 
& all the Happy Hours to comel Lylas-Sugi. (5/20) 

I lost a gold chain with a heart dlarm on 5-10 at the 
Sun God Fest. Sent. Value. Reward.lori 457-0897. 
(5/28) 

lost: In TLH 104 on lhJrsday May 2. Red Tom 
Sawyer Camp dume bag. If found call Jim at 429-
1717. 15/28) 

Lost: Two kl!yS on plain key ring 5/8 in or between 
Pefrrson 110 and MOM. If found please call 453-
B217. (5/20) 

Found: very nice woman's watch found at the 
fountain. call to identify Guislain 455-9851. (5/23) 

lost: HP4IC on Muir campus (5/13). Reward. no 
questions. call ~ff Strong 452-7456 NeS. 15/23) 

lost: Men's 8" gold bracelet. Sentimental value. 
421-6008. Keep trying. (5/20) 

lost: Keys. S20 rN/ard. Lar~ Mazda and can 
operltrs. Sentrment value. call 270-8763. Ask for 
Crag. (5/20) 

SubstantIal reward for Oceanld banner mssing 
5/5/85 from Pub front. No questlom asked. 4';2-
7244. (5/20) 


