
I 1 ~.1 ;~ 

It's been 
a long, 
eventful 

year 
A lool~ back 

ot UCSD, 
1984-85 



2 Thursday, June 6, 1985 
N€6IJS 

,,'. ~",." -x •. '"-' .. , ........ :-; .... ;.;.,:-;c.' , '" .. .. , ." ". ., .. =%: ...... v' •. ~' ... ~,x... ,\.0'" ~ .. , •• 

The annual UCSD Waaamelon Drop 
will be held at Urey Hall Friday at noon. 
The dropping of a watennelon from the 
top Roor of Urey has become an annual 
tradition at UCSD marking the end of 
the school year. The watennelon will be 
dropped by the "Watennelon Queen: 
who was selected at a ceremony held 
yesterday evening in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. 

A tradition that dates back to UCSD's 
first undergraduate class in 1965, the 
watennelon drop (or splat) was 
suggested br a question posed by 
professor 0 physics Bob Swanson. The 
final question of the physics exam taken 
by all of ReveDe College's first freshmen 
asked what would be the velocity (or 
tenninal velOCity) of a warennelon 
dropped from the seventh Hoor of 
Building "B: later to be named Urey 
Hall. It was arranged to actually drop a 
watennelon after that test, and ballots 
were attached to the exam to vote for 
the queen who would get to drop the 
melon. Elizabeth HeUer posed for 
photographers and then hurled the 
melon. A piece landed 91 feet away for 
this first recorded distance. 

In 1973, queen Dana Rowleys set the 
modem splat record with a distance of 
1557*, eclipsing a reported mark of 
154' set in 1966. 

In 1974, Tina Aemmer set the 
present-day splat record of 167'4-, 
whic h is reportedly the best official 
unofficial mark for the annual event 

The pageant is listed as an equal 
opportunity contest, with both men and 
women competing for the honor of 
queen. However, the women still retain 
the crown with Kathleen Doyle chosen 
to drop the melon. 

In 1978, the Clone Brothers, two 
males, became the first men to drop the 
watennelon when they were selected as 
queen. 

A year later, Bill Gabby, dressed in 
drag and sporting oversize sunglasses, 
became the first sole male to be named 
watennelon queen. 

.The Prophet Seth, a.k.a. Seth Munter, 
retained the male hold on the title of 
watennelon queen in 1980. Munter 
whipped the crowd into a frenzy, 
promising the watennelon god would 
not allow the fruit to fall but instead 
would pluck it into heaven. The melon 
hit the ground with a tenninal velocity 
of 112 miles per hour, JUSt as every one 
of the 15 previous melons had done, 
which anyone in Swanson's class of 
1965 could have told you that they 
would . 

o 
Students interesled in ttaYeling south 

of the border this summer may be 
interested in checking OUt Vacationing 
the Mtxicano Way, a guide book to 
Mexico City, Puerto Vallarta and 
Acapulco. The book lists 175 hotels in 
Mexico City alone, with prices ranging 
from the equivalent of 54.80 a day for a 
double room to a maximum 52l. The 
price range of 70 of these hotels is from 
$4.80 to $5.90. This guidebook also lists 
dozens of inexpensive restaurants and 
many tourist anractions costing next to 
nothing. 

The retail price of the book is $6.95 
(sold at B. Dalton in Mission VaDey), but 
author Sofia Rubio-Liebof is giving a 
30% discounr to UCSD students who 
order directly from her at P.O. Box 
4042, Chula Vista, CA 92011 -0275 . 

o 
Six UCSD graduate srudcots have 

been awarded Fulbright and DMD 
fellowships for Lhe 1985-86 academic 
year. They are: Sara Dickey, Brian 
Farley, Dan Farnham, Rebecca Joseph 
and Dan Linger, all in the Department 
of Anthropology, and Leonard Payton 
from Lhe Music Department. 

Dickey. the daughter of an Anny 
medic, lived in West Germany for 
seve.ral years as a child and in Columbia 
for several months. This past year she 
has been studying the Tamil language at 
the University of Washington. Dickey 
has advanced to PhD candidacy in 
anthropology at UCSD. 

Farley spent his first five years in 
England. Since high school, he has had 
an interest in culture change in Latin 
America , has served in the Peace Corps 
in Micronesia, and has spent time in 
Mexico. He has currently advanced to 
PhD candidacy in anthropology. 

Farnham grew up in Connecticut and 
received his SA from Rorida State 
University. 

Joseph, before going to Indonesia in 
1983, was enrolled in an Indonesian 
language program at Ohio University. 
She is currently teaching at Seltu Gadjah 
Mada University and is a researcher at 
the Rural and Regional Studies Research 
Center. 

Linger, born in Ohio, has been in 
Brazil since 1984. He received his SA 
with high honors from the University of 
Michigan and has advanced to PhD 
candidacy in anthropology. 

Payton, born in San Jose, received his 
bachelor's degree in music from the 
University of Southern California and is 
also a PhD candidate in the Music 
Department 

o 
Commencement ceremonies 

honoring the graduates of the four 
colleges and the graudate studies 
program at UCSD will be held on the 
campus Sunday, June 16. 

Approximately 2,400 students are 
eligible to take part in the five 
ceremonies, including some 600 from 
Muir College, 535 from ·Warren College, 
380 from Revelle College and iOO from 
Third College. 

Of this year's 350 degree recipients in 
the graduate program, about 90 will 
anend the ceremony. Most of the others 
have left campus for postgraduate 
studies or employment. 

The graduation ceremony for the 
UCSD School of Medicine, at which 
some 123 students will receive MD 
degrees, is scheduled for 11 am Sunday, 
June 9, on the lawn adjacent to the 
Biomedical Ubrary. Dr. Uoyd H. Smith , 
Jr., retiring chairman of the UC San 
Francisco Department of Medicine, will 
give th.e commencement address, 
entitled, "Transitions in Medicine." 

The graduation ceremonies of the 
four UCSD undergraduate colleges have . 
traditionally taken place at different 
times throughout the day, allowing 
students from one college to attend the 
ceremonies involving friends and 
colleagues at other colleges. Dr. Richard 
C. Atkinson , UCSD chancellor, will 
spend the day in cap and gown taking 
part in each of the ceremonies to 
extend official campus greetings and 
congratulatiOns to graduates and visitors. 

The Muir College commencement is 
scheduled to begin at 9:30 am on the 
Mandeville Green, north of Mandeville 
Center near the Sun God. Bridget Asaro , 
a reporter for KFMB-TV and 1978 Muir 
graudate, will give the address. As in the 
past, MUIr ceremomes will open with a 
bagpipe and drum processional in 
honor of John Muir's Scottish heritage. 

The Warren College commenceme nt 
Will Sta rt at 10.30 am on the south lawn 
of the Humanities Libmry. Dr. Roger R. 
Revelle, renowned oceanographer, 
population SCientist and professor of 
science and public polLey at UCSD, Will 
address the graduates. 

H. Stuart Hughes, UCSD professor of 
history and author of numerous books 
on European history, will deliver the 
graduate studies commencement 

~---------~----------~ ilr~ ,.." I. 
• 

I .... ~ ~ 

-
~~ -., I-~WI ~ I .... n ~ l-.. IJIrl ...... ... .1· 
~ 

11rj, 
{I, ,L ", I""'~ ~ I ~ n • , I 1 

Cover: One last look at the 1984-85 academic year as told by 
the covers of our own Guardian. Take a long look; you'll never 
see them again. The Guardian resumes publication in 
September. See you then. 
News: The UC Treasurer decides divestment is not a good idea, 
Deukmejian reacts to the divestment repon, a follow-up on the Wayne 
Holden shooting, and a look at the Torrey Fanns agricultural project. 
Also, watermelons will be dropped tomorrow. Be there. 
Opinions: The final editorial of the year shakes your bootstraPS by 
praising a few notewonhy contributors to the retreat of apathy. A 
viewpoint by an up-and-coming writer examines the premises 
surrounding the death of Wayne Holden. Plus a couple lonesome letters 
and doo-dah Doonesbury. 
perspectives: A Shakuhachi is a Japanese flute to be played among 
friends; let us listen to one last song before we scatter to the wind. Let us 
also listen to "the writer's i" as he takes a hard look back at the past 
academic year. Also, a few tips on dealing with stress in these most 
stressful times, and a personal farewell from the Guardian '84-'85 staff. 
Sports: Pictures, pictures, pictures! All your favorite UCSD athletes in 
living black-and-white commemorate the year in sports. Plus, the 
resident spons analyst has his last hurrah .... Good night and God bless. 
Hiatus: The final Hiatus ends with the beginning of the La Jolla 
Playhouse summer season and Tony Award-winner Richard Riddell. 
UCSD's intermediate acting class, John Travolta's "imPerfect" new 
movie, a clay workshop, R.E.M.'s latest album, Goings On and the mad 
castaway Caru~. It's high time for a Hiatus hiatus. 

COVER PHOTOS BY JOHN ASHLEE 

address. The ceremony will start at noon 
in thti Mandeville Center Auditorium. 
Each doctoral and master of fine ans 
candidate will be hooded by his or her 
dissertation advisor, a tradition that 
dates back to medieval times. 

The ReveDe College ceremony will 
begin at 2 pm on the lawn south of the 
Humanities Library. The speaker will be 
fOJ:lller UCSD Chancellor John S. 
Galbraith , professor of hiStory. 

Third College will hold its 
commencement exercise at 3 pm on the 
Mandeville Green. Dr. Roger Molander, 
preSident of the Roosevelt Center for 
American Policy Studies, Washington, 
DC, will give the address. In keeping 
witb the tradition of the coDege, families 
will accompany students as they cross 
the stage to receive their degrees . 

Receptions honoring the graduates 
will be held following each of the 
ceremonies. 

o 
A new partnership in Latin American 

Studies between UCSD and San Diego 
State University has been funded by a 
three-year federal grant from the US 
Department of Education, Office of 
International Studies. 

SDSU's Center for Latin American 
Studies, designated since 1976 by the 
federal government as one of 11 
National Resource Centers for Latin 
American Studies, will form a 
consortium with UCSD's Center for 
Iberian and Latin American Studies to 
constitute a National Resource Center 
that integrates and enhances each 
other's resources. 

The consortium of the twO centers 
will receive $160,810 this fiscal year, 
with assura nces of at least that much for 
the next twO years. 

-We will be taking full advantage of 
the co ngruent and complementary 
resources at SDSU and UCSD," says 
professor Thomas M. Davlcs, Jr , director 
of SDSU's Center for Latin American 
Studies. "With the fonnal and informal 
relationships between SDSU's Center for 
Latin Ame rican Studies and its Institute 
of Regional Studies of the Califomlas, 
and UCSD's Cemer for Ibenan and 
latin American Studies and its Cemer 
for US-Mexican Studies. as Wf' lI as the 

Institute of the Americas which is 
located at UCSD, we have the 
opportunity here to build a regional 
center for the study of Latin America 
that will be unequaled anywhere in the 
country. 

"We plan to create a major research 
program of Latin America which will 
utilize faculty from both institutions and 
focus primarily on the Andean republics 
of South America: Peru, Bolivia, Chile 
and Ecuador. Well be establishing ways 
(0 exchange faculty and students, and to 
share conferences, speakers and 
libraries." 

According lO professor Paul Drake, 
director of UCSD's Center for iberian 
and Latin American Studies, ·We each 
have faculty and resources that fill in 
gaps of the partner institution. Together, 
we can offer students and faculty-and 
the community-information, analysis 
and understanding that neither of us 
can do alone." 

UCSD's center, established in the 
mid-70s , has concemrat£d on 
humanistic research dealing with Spain 
and the Iberian roots of Latin American 
culture and society. It has sponsored 
faculty and student exchanges with 
Spanish universities, occasional 
conferences and guest lecturers. The 
center cooperates with UCSD's Center 
for US-Mexican Studies and the Institute 
of the Americas to develop Latin 
programs at UCSD, and will be . 
launching an undergraduate major in 
the next few years. 

According to research by the twO 
universities for the proposal to fonn the 
consortium, SDSU and UCSD in 1984 
collectively offered 211 courses with at 
least ,25% Latin American content. 
Those courses came from 24 diSciplines 
and enrolled nearly 12,000 students. 

According lO Joseph Grunwald, 
president of the Institute of the 
Amencas, -Close cooperanon between 
Lhe twO universities is very beneficial, 
very important. With UCSD and SDSU 
working together, San Diego can become 
a nucleus of strength on Latin American 
Studies, which IS as it should be. There's 
no other metropolitan center in the US 
closer 10 Latin America than San Diego." 

-Renee Wenrick 

-

Thursday,June 6. 1985 3 
NE6IJS 

'.' ......... ~.'*.~. , . . . 

Deukmejian reacts to divestment report 
By JANE ROSENBERG. Sacramento Correspondtnl 

GOVERNOR DEUKMEJlAN SAID Tuesday that the $100 million price tAge identified in the 
University of California treasurer's 

report for complete Immediate 
divestment Will be a "major factor" when 
the Board of Regents votes on the Issue 

later this month. 
Deukmejian, an ex-officio regent, also 

said fellow board members should 
conSider how prudent their $2.4 billion 
in investments 10 South African-related 
firms may be, based on the future of 
white minOrity in South Africa. 

UC lllay lose .$100 Dlillion 
The UniverSity of California stands to 

lose $100 million in the first year and 
would subject its endowment and 
pension funds to greater risk if it divests 
from companies doing business in 
South Africa , according to a University 
report. 

The report said , "Whatever action is 
taken could have a profound impact on 
the University for man)l years to come." 

The repa" also included six 
alternatives for action, including total 
divestment, four alternatives lor limited 
divestment, and no action. 

UC divesonent would more than 
triple the $1 billion so far divested by all 
other American colleges and public 
pension funds combined , the report 
said . 

The two-volume report by UC 
Treasurer Herbe rt M. Gordon and 
General Counsel Donald Reidhaar is 
expected to be the major topic of 

. discussion at the June 21 meeting of [he 
Board of Regents, when the Regents are 
scheduled to make a decision on the 
divestment issue. A public meeting 
concerning the report wiD be held next 
Monday at UCLA 

The report said full divestment would 

cost the University $21 million in the 
first year in brokerage commissions 
because the money would have to be 
invested in companies that trade in 
smaller volume. The other 579 million 
estimated first-year loss might result 
from reduced stock prices brought about 
by the unloading of large quantities of 
the stocks. But, the report added, those 
costs "are more difficult to measure 
since they depend on the size of the 
ponfolio , the types of securities owned 
and the turnover rate of the portfolio." 

The repon did not estimate the 
impact of divestment on the University 
because a report has not been made on 
what the alremative investments would 
be. 

According to the repan , the 
University would have a difficult time 
defending itself in a lawsuit over full 
dlvesonent because it "would be found 
to constitute a breach of fiduciary 
obligations if challenged by litigation." 

According to an interview in the Los 
Angeles Times, Assembly Speaker Willie 
Brown said the report was "clearly 
skewed" to renect the concerns of those 
opposed to divestment. Ii::) 

- Sean Wagafl 

J~K.kI 
from ArtCa·rved. 

lJe!ilgllie<l and handcrafted for 
lasting value, an ~arved 14K 
891d 0019 ring i$ now more 
affoN.ble than ever. For.a lim-

jhld"9nlY~)'ou CliO save Sz,s 
on-tM-ityJe or your choice, Stop 
by to see the entire ArtCarved 
collection and custom options, 
Remember, it's youf year 
for gold! 

JtRTQ1JM{1 
Special-All Siladium Rinp-$99.9!) 
June 10.14 10-3 pm Out.ide Bookaton 

Date Time Place 
Deposit Required, MasterCard or Visa Accepted 
Q '* A"e..,... Class Rtngs 

-. 

But the governor, who once endorsed 
withdrawing funds from US companies 
with ties to South Africa as "one lOol" 
for ending apartheid , would not say 
how the report would affect his own 
-lpcision. 

Asked whether the high cost of full 
divestment would prompt him (0 lean 
toward one of the four selective 
divesonent options recommended , 
Deukmejian joked: "I'm just leaning on 
' he podium now." 

Deukmejian would also not say 
whether he would feel uncomfortable 
voting for complete withdrawal of 
pension and endowment funds from 24 
UC-held companies, knowing about the 
high cost. 

"I find the many questions on the 
$100 million troubling to me," he 
quipped when asked if he had any 
concems about hefty brokerage fees and 

the resulting lower stock prices, should 
the Regents divest fuDy in one year." 
The governor has often refused lO state 
his position on divestment, repeatedly 
stating that he is awaiting opinion on 
fiduciary and legal responsibility. 

Deukmejian again turned down 
queries on divestment-related legislation 
Tuesday, saying he wants to investigate 
constitutional questions involving 
Assemblymember Maxine Waters' 
proposal prohiblting new investments of 
UC pension funds in South African-
related companies. 

In addition , Deukmejian has declined 
to follow oLher ex·officio regents who 
have' divested personal holdings in UC-
held companies Involved in the 
divestment vote. Deukmeijian's wife 
Gloria has stocks in TWO of the 
companies-Texaco and General 
Electric. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 
- ---_._-----

~ SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 20 ~ 
is now . 

BIOLOGY 50: 
"Information and Programming 

in the L11e Sciences" 
Same course, same instructor, 

satisfies the same requirements, 
You can register in Biology 50 for tne Fall 

Quarter during the J(dd/Drop period 
beginning J~e II , 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. · 

i i I Yl-- MI!V"1!/f:1Y\ 
uCSO 1- __ ~ 

~Ml""l'f\&I uv,~ I D 7140 Miramar Rd. San 'iego 
ILIIIII!!II!II"~!-~ -------------------III!!!!I~~.J.I ~ --ALLAMER~AN:MEAL---T~ 
tr.! J Quarter Pounder " with Cheese, LarKe Fry, ~:.I 

II - ~'kdium-Siu' SOh Drink C .. h Y.Juc 1 10 :7:, II 
II LIlIlII ,\llC COUpOIl per J $1 99" II lU>I,)m~r p~r \ ' 1>11 I'I~,I>" , US t • II 
I I prt',enl u'UPOIl \,h"11 (plu, tax) II 
I oruerlng :\01 \'~IIU \\'lIh .11l} II I "Ihn "I!lor Only at: bu Go<~ 'hru 7<4~,~i;;i';.':~(r.¥tJ --

1-1-+ July 6, 198 '-J.+ 
--------------------



4 ThursJclY,ju/ll' 6, 1985 

In closing, a praise for perseverance 
In the course of an academic year, many contributions to social concept we know as apathy became the cornerstone of that modem-day 

progress go unnoticed. Individual students who have worked religiously aquaduct, the UCSD Guardian . Complacency is our version of Big 
to improve the state of the· UCSD community as a whole tend to get lost Brother. 
in the political shuffle, and therefore have their legacy whisked off and We outmaneuvered Big Brother because we are aware of his strength. 
placed in the realm of UCSD's historical proxies. So many colors of light However, this accomplishment would have been mired if not for . 
have illuminated our generation's path these past three trimesters that it unyielding perseverance of a few souls who will be leaving us, and you, 
becomes an impossible task to recognize their uniqueness in a proper at the end of the quaner, It is therefore appropriate to congratulate 
form. them, to thank them, and to praise them. 

We have been attacked by a tradition, a myth once mystified by Christopher C. Canole, our "lame duck" Perspectives editor, has been 
scholars and now discussed openly among friends and enemies alike. in and around UCSD for more than 20 years, Chris cares, he cares an 
That myth is termed complacency, and has grown into an intellectual awful lot. He is a tireless workhorse, a real-life ]edi knight, a truly 
catchword: apathy. The word, the concept, its causes and effects, its perceptive human being. Canole is old enough to be considered a part 
meaning, its usefulness , strengths, weaknesses and realness have been of "the other generation," with one great exceftion: He has superseded 
through the treadmill at every moment of our waking hours. The generation boundaries. If anyone is capable 0 drawing the proper 
surmounting problems of our co-students have been said to be a simple' correlations between the student movement of the 19605 and taday's 
manifestation of this malady called apathy: the loss of 'Black horse Farms budding awareness of the divestiture protestors, it is he. Chris has w be 
to profit, the gross modernization of a serene campus, the decrease in one of the aU-time great diversified humans; maybe that' is why some 
accessible parking, rising alcoholism, higher levels of stress, promised individuals admonish him for his overt emotionalism. It is ttying w be 
cuts in financial aid , two suicides, one murder, Board of Regents honest, concerned and motivative without receiving an occasional cold 
investment in apartheid, increased military and CIA involvement in shoulder from some of your younger co-workers. But Canole endured 

Central America, more without quitting; he sounded off 
proliferation of the nuclear arms for justice without ever losing 
race courtesy of UCs Lawrence We outmaneuvered Big Brother because we are sight of his original goal, that 
Livermore Lab, deceptive acts br a are of h' t th H th' I' h t being the creation of perpetual Christian students, ignorance 0 W 1S S reng , owever, IS accomp 15 men student awareness. We want you 
the state of affirmative action, the would have been mired if not for unyielding to know this, for we do. Good 
re-election of the Reagan '{.fi I h 'll b I' luck in your struwes, Chris-you 
Administration , the pathetiC perseverance oJ a ew sou s w 0 WI e eaVing US, can be sure you left your mark 
turnouts at the polls for AS and you, at the end of the quarter, It is therefore here. 
elections and the referenda, the I h ha k h Chris Young, our associate 
indecisiveness of both the old appropriate to congratu ate t em, to tnt em, editor of that weekly brainstono 
and new councils to do anything and to praise them, Hiatus, is and will always be an 
concrete except to vote artist. We do not apply this teno 
themselves salaries and $600 Iighdy, for life refiects an, just as 
luncheons, Richard Atkinson himself, Roger Hedgecock too, and on top people appear to be only a refiection of Mr. Young. His paintings are, in 
of the aforementioned, the UCSD Guardian . one word, glorious. His M Artist Insights" were riveting, colorful, 

Our journalistic march to report the intrinsic issues of our time has supportive and real. He is a master of human relations, the most lyrical 
been shaken, then rattled, and then we rolled. We moved at most kind of jester, a devoted spiritualist, and one heU of a good person. 
instances without the aid of personal viSibility. Announcing biweekly Chris discovered the now infamous writer of rugged journalism, Jack 
events is difficult enough when there is no symmetry to your Durant. For us, he embodied the pure elements of the Undergraduate 
advertising, but try projecting values and relative data without Ans Festival. During his stay at UCSD, Big Chris did move w assimilate 
meretorious perSiflage, you will advance only slightly. Apathy was, and the meaning of the "Communities of An" (those being local San Diego 
still is, our Goliath . The stones that we sling at this bumble-footed and UCSD) than anyone we know. Chris Young understands the beauty 
monster are at times errant. We met every Tuesday afternoon in an of the art world, and it complements him in kind. We wish Chris aU the 
attempt to disseminate what you cared about. Some weeks it felt as if we success in the world with his aspirations, We are sure that one 
were driving in circles around a great medium oCsrudent indignation day h~s name. ~ be spoken in ~e same breath with aU the 
without even being allowed to park our vehicles. Other moments fetched great ImpressIonists. Thanks, Chns Young, for backing "The Big 
an enormous amount of pride. Your responses to our more pretencious Guardian.". . . . 
outlooks were qUite valuable, and very necessary. For those folks who Rona Hu . 1~ nea~y Inde~nbabl~. Fo~ the past y~,ar she ha~ been our 
strove to precipitate action, we are extremely conscious of your feelings. fo~~most ~nuc of him, musIc and . the . plasuc arts, The quality of her 
Constructive criticism is the most important criteria we have as a news ~nuques IS ,sull?assed only br ~elr umq,:,en~~ in style .and depth. Rona 
magazine, Most certainly, that criticism partially determined our IS everyone s fnend. That trait IS and of Itself 15 nearly Inconceivable 
direction. considering the aura of egotism that haunts our campus. She plunged 

What then, may we ask, becomes of direction when confronted with into. ~ field unfamiliar to most s~~ents of medicine and created a 
the stagnating traits of apathy? The focus of any journal is a consistent tradmon, a folklore, a fable of bnUlance. As Rona Hu continues her 
process of rooting out the detrimental elements of publication. Our studies in medicine in the future, we hope that she shall 
student population's statement of indifference is the materialized foe we remember the appreciation we had for her talents. Yes, Rona, it is your 
projected against. So our direction graduated into a more complex beautiful life! 
battlefield than we once considered, Henceforth the inclusion of ~MEWSa:: 

GfWIHIC AAlISTS: JOtf>I ASHL& fCIM FlaIIA 
PH01'OGIWIMERS: JOtf>I AMC ... fClLIY. _MMII"". 

SOF1l£Y. .. 
STAfFWMUS: MtAlfOMS. ..,.,DEM C 

V~ ~. CHM""* KAUS. _ltmr ..... iIIIt..'c d""'~lI1:IrSOH 
5CHACHr,IWHLE£N SCHOU.. ~ S 

~ APoflJN£1\ 
.. .. .... . .... 

PA5l£-UP AATlSTS: JOtIo4 ASHW, L.AAftH WHtIA'f, 1OMMI:DONAlD, :iHIIIN)N 
~WJ 

TYPE5E'f1W: ~ R.M. WI 1oIM_, PtI&P uua IW&IG .. · 
BUSaNDS MA.~ 5leQ.CIIIMOND . .M I ••• L ... .,. ... 

Thursday, jUM( 6, 1985 5 

Viewpoint 

Wayne, is it too late? 
faith . What does th is say about our world , when 
choosing death is the only choice a 4.0 philosophy 
undergraduate can make without bad faith? Is this the 
only choice? Notice how fast we deny this. Notice how 
vehemendy we argue against this, as our only choice, 
both in Wayne's existen~ial struggle and in our own! 
Stop lying! 

By MONTE ROSEN 
Wayne Holden's death teaches us many things about 

ourselves and about the smaU world we have built for 
ourselves in and around UCSD. Despite the fact that 
Wayne was shot by the San Diego Police, I assen that 
he committed suicide, And with suicide comes the 
questions we must ask and answer for ourselves, so 
that we can choose the alternative to this ever-present 
form of death. 

Wayne was, for the first five weeks of this quaner, 
studying the philosophy of Sanre with myself and 
others. We learned in this time the powerful arguments 
of a man who held that absolute freedom is the very 
condition of our existence. However, this absolute 
freedom entails absolute responsibility for our choices 
and our acts. The problem, Sanre delineates, lies in the 
world from which we must choose, and which we 
ca':lnot choose. Hence, he concludes, we live in bad 
faith with our freedom , lying about our world , lying 
about our choices, responsibilities, and most 
imponantly, lying about freedom. 

Wayne was bright enough to see the ramifications of 
bad faith in his own life. For him, choices were 
intense and deeply felt. Anyone near him knew this 
about him. Perhaps his retuming to Santa Cruz 
precipitated the crisis with his lover. Perhaps his 
choices concerning authority made him act in a way 
that precipitated crisis after crisis with the police. And 

. perhaps further, he sought to be responsible for a 
world he could not choose, because he could be 
neither I,lninteUigent nor complacent enough to exist in 
the bad faith of ignorance or inaction. 

The assumptions we make about Wayne are 
important. Do we see him as mentaUy disturbed-a 
Charles Mansor figure-nipped in the bud? Or do we 
see him as ourselves, pushed to the extremes and 
broken across the strength of our own choices? 
Through any interpretation, Wayne Holden was a 
human being whose existence mirrors our own to the 
extent that we are able to understand his experience, if 
not his choices, as our own. What is horrible for us is 
to be pushed, as he was pushed, to the extremes of 
our existence with nothing awaiting us. Do we really 
exist in bad faith? 

Look at our world. Not the small world of your 
concerns, your day-to-day world , but rather to the 
world on the five o'clock news, or in the dailr paper. 
Do you say to yourself; ·Yes, I chose that!" 0 course 
not . At most you root for the home team or hope for 

n <eilit<elr~n <ettittelrln~ttit<elr~n <eilit<f 
frcelr~lettersn<e{tfr<elrln<e{tfr<elr~ 
Oceania indeed 
Edilor: 

This letter is in reply to Peter SurdeUitto's truly 
enlightening expose on the "Oceania" this school 
seemingly depicts. Much of what Mr. SurdeUitto says is 
quite true; however, I find it difficuh to reason why he 
insists on being so masochistic as to continue to 
enroll. Unfortunately, it seems that our society is 
comprised of complainers, and why not? It's much 
easier to dwell on something in the past than to 
attempt to change in the present. 

Many people who come to this school arrive with 
high hopes and equally high idealistic expectations. 
Many complain about the lack of a "social life" for 
which most colleges are famous. These same people 
fail to also realize that their lives aren't planned for 
them; that this world doesn't "owe" them something 
simply for the virtue of them being alive. One must 
work at something to get something out of it. If one 
learns a musical instrument and just sits back and 
remarks that the learning process is wrong, he'll 

> CONllNUED ON PAGE 6 > 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We woufd hke to introduce to you our 
new and talented hai r stylists, 
Kathy and Ralph Jerri 
Women S12, reg S25 
Men S10, reg. 519 
Highlighting Sptdlll 6- Cut S40 
For appointment, please call 457·2930. 
11950 Villa La Jolla Or., Suite '!1:.!O, La Jolla 
(beh md EI I'urito & ~udeo · directly acm" the ramp) 

the best. You are offered very little opportunity to act 
in a way that becomes an item in any mass media. 
Then what would you do if you were told by someone, 
convinced by their arguments, that what happened in 
this dissociated world was your fault , and your 
responsibility? Most likely you would act to effect some 
kind of change, so that when you read the paper you 
could say to yourself. ·Yeah , I did that, and that is 
what I wanted to do." 

Well , maybe Wayne made choices like this. But 
maybe his choices were thrown against a world 
dependent upon 19norance and complacency. Maybe 
his acts, coming from his absolute freedom, were 
inappropriate to the world dependent upon political 
and social limits of action. Regardless of the truth of 
his motives, or of the rightness or wrongness of his 
and others' actions, Wayne chose to die as a result. 
And he did. 

The agents who delivered his death to him, instead 
of delivering him from his death, are embroiled in the 
ethical questions of their acts, or inactions. His father 
is embroiled in the pursuit of justice within these 
ethical issues. His lover and hts friends are embroiled 
in the guilt resultant from their failure to empower 
Wayne to choose life. All of this is as it should be. 
Wayne's death is out of place. Why? 

Perhaps his death was a choice made without bad 

Doonesbury 
5HE'5GOTsa+te 'hT nc ' N 5(Xf (F 5i.WIf3R TH,.., VL'"' 
JaJ. AT AN ART lI{JoI£'f'IAI1AT 
/NSTfTIJT£ IN A PRIMO 
5HAN6HAI &OUCATOR. I 

Rationally, we empower ourselves to carry guns 
whose only purpose is to deliver death. We empower 
ourselves to plan and carry out destructive acts 
resulting in mass death , either directly as in pulling 
mass triggers, or indirectly (as in collectively 
withholding food and care). Look at our world! We 
know freedom only within the lines drawn. Walk there 
or perish. We employ our own agents of destruction, 
as if death wasn't already the constant companion of 
our choices. The danCe" becomes more intense only 
when our destruction lies within our own power. Face 
this and make it your own, because you do own it. 
Stop lying! Then what? 

Then what? Stop lying. Stop fleeing in the yawning 
face of your death, in your choice which makes the 
possibility of nuclear warheads a reality. Embrace your 
desire and your choice to die. Then what? Christ said 
live fo rever. Nietzsche put this illusion to the Ue, but 
he had no answer, except for some strength beyond 
our nihilism. Freud thought happtness was illUSionary 
and advocated love and work. Heidegger said , live as 
care, which I take to mean: Make the whole world the 
personal concern which enters into all your choices. 
Sanre seems to say thiS care is an illusion because you 
can't be authentically concerned with a world beyond 
your choice. His answer was to write incredibly 
depressing literature . I humbly say, choose life. Then 
what? Embrace your death; choose life. Embrace the 
tiger; carry it to the mountain. Wayne , am I too late? 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

50SHE 
9C«IJN'T BE 
8A"Q€TTIN6 

ANEVIl.-
lJWPIfJIW? 

\ 

NO, IrS 5TILL. 
{)(;(A[)£JIT ~ 
ORrPPING YO/)/( 

5HaJt.I)fJ(. . 
-..... 

SELF STORAGE 
FOR SUMMER 

MONTHS 

LOCK-IT LOCKERS NO DEPOSIT \NITH THIS AD 
9550 Keamy Mesa Road 

San Diego, California 92126 
(619) 566-7090 

NO ADMINISmA TlON FEE 
(BRING THIS AD WIlH YOU) 



6 Thursday,Jwl 6, 1985 

ll®frfrce;lf~ll®frfr®lf~n~ilit®lf~n®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®lf~ll®( 
fr®lf~lettersll®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®lr~ll®frfr®lf~ll®frfr®l 

, CONTINUED FROM PAGE S( 
doubtfully be ome a con en viohnist. But 
If he accepts the system for what It IS: a 
decrepIt, highly ccntralized, typically 
bureacratlc system and learns to deal with 
It, then hc'lllikcly find a means to reap the 
benefits of his resourcefulness. 

I've been convinced of thc 
inadequacy of our educatlonal system 
SlnCC high school, but I have enough 
common sense to know that the system 
IS 100 heaVIly embedded in our ociety 
for me to change it, or to fight It. So I've 
learned the system: I've filled out 
practically every form on this campus, 
I've changed colleges three times (finally 
ending at Muir after three years of 
bureacracy), added a class during finals 
week, and sevcral other 'things that most 
people will teU you are "strictly against 
procedure ." As in any bureacracy, these 
procedures will likely change at the 
whim and folly of indiVIdual 
administrators, so few rules are 
embedded in stone. 

The key to finding one's individuality 
i founded in a strong sense of 
Indepcndence, self-worth , and opcn-
minded ness. Many of the people you 
see on campus who model themselves 
physically after some real or fictitious 
mentor are perhaps the saddest of all , 
for in theIr search for identity, they are 
searching not for themselves but for the 
ideal they envy: this ' pcuserdym" is a 
symbohc shout screaming a need to 
count and be counted. The search for 
one's Identity is not then a physical 
manipulation of appearance or friends ; 
rather, It is a deeply introspective self-
analysl~ . It IS a process whereby a 
pcrson examines hIS innermost thoughts 
and values and decides what IS 
Important to hIm If one truly knows 
hImself and IS a bus drIver, thcn he IS 
that decply romed person he has 
become who happens to be driving a 
hus It would ob\~ously be much better 
to some people to be a doctor or a 
lawver. but If a bus driver possesses the 
same values and perspectives on life and 

- ------

is a content bu driver, then isn 't he as 
good as that dOClor or lawyer? And 
where you answer "no" or 'yes" is 
irrelcvant [0 Ihat bus driver, because he 
doesn't care what you think anyway. 

So many people wake up in the 
morning wanting to be liked; to fit in: 
It'S all pan of bei ng pan of society, 
because if we don't interact, we go 
crazy. What most people don't realize is 
that whcn they wake up in the morning, 
some people will Ii.ke them and others 
will dislike them no matter what they 
do. 

Yes, you're nght- the system is 
wrong, it's demeaning, it's alienating,. 
and it's depressing. And it does anempt 
[0 prepare one for a sociery which is 
Just as demeani ng and alienating and 
depressing. But I don't consider myself a 
drone; sure, I look like a drone, 1 act 
like a drone, I go [0 panies with drones 
and watch them drone-dance to drone-
music and drink drone-based 
refreshments, and I think of how silly 
we all are to be doing this. But this is a 
purely rational argument, and my 
emotional side says that I enJoy this; 
that danCing can be fun, that I like 
being buzzed. Life is certainly an 
ambivalent existence: our rational and 
emO!ional sides tear at each other, and 
we amempt to find a symbiotic medium 
berween the rwo. 

The isolation which you feel is your 
own fault , you've thrown yourself into 
your own prison and have decided to 
go on a hunger strike and make yourself 
as miserable as pOSSIble. But why? No 
one said life was easy, but why not 
make the best of it while you're here? 
The CUrriculum Isn 't as rigid as you 
depict unle s you sit back and accept 
whatever IS thrown at you. 

You may think that this "psychosocial 
moratorium" onrinues unopposed , but 
Just because I don 't call you and say, ") 
oppose the systcm, isn't that great?" 
doesn't mean that I, as an individual, 
support It. The majority of the people 
who go here do appear to be drones, 

Family Planning: 
a chOice, a responsibility 

ccm"dentlal • prate.ternel • affordable 
...... pre&:D.nq taU, 
with results while you wait 

• Unplanned pregnancy/ 
gener&l. or local anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exams 
,..,.., Family Planning 
..... Associates M«Iktll Group 

San D1e~ 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 
(118)18'1." 

.JOBS 
IN SOCIAL CHANGE 

• Toxic Waste • Travel and Benefits 
• W omen's Rights • Summer/Career Options 
• Central American Policy • $10,000.$13,000 per year 

Call Between lOam and 1 pm 

231-9616 
CAMPAIGN FOR ECONOMIC 

DEMOCRACY 
In Los Angeles: (213) 393-3705 

I n San Francisco: (41 S) 863 ·5050 

but to assume that they are merely 
robots studying four hard years of 
robotics is a presumptuous notion 
which I find hard 10 support. 

Pallid S. Dully 

Defining "knowledgeable" . 
Editor. 

I would not have taken the trouble of 
responding to Mr. EI Moudjahid's aniCle 
of May 30 concerning my lecture on 
Israel and South Africa had it not been 
for my wish to set the record straight for 
the sake of those who were not present 
at my lecture. 

Mr. Moudjahid's comments concern 
the answer 1 purportedly gave in 
response to a question about the Kryton 
affair. He suggestS that my answer to 
this question raises doubts about my 
objectivity and knowledge. I submit that 
symptomatic of Mr. Moudjahid's 
credibility and the value of the rest of 
his arguments and comments is the fact 
that throughout the lecture and the 
question and answer period, there was 
no question whatsoever about the 
Kryton alTair. Fonunately, one does not 
have to take my word abainst Mr. 
Moudjahid's because the whole lecture 
was taped, and the tape obviously 
refutes his allegation. 

Despite his general and sweeping 
statements, Mr. Moudjahid conveniently 
ignores 99% of my lecture and instead 
focuses on merely one issue, marginal to 
the subject to be sure. Indeed, his whole 
article contains one criticism: that I 
denied "the possession of nuClear 
weapons by Israd" whereas even Time 
magazine reported that "Israel is widely 
presumed to have the abiliry to 
manufacture nuclear weapons." Since I 
give Mr. Moudjahid the benefi t of the 
doubt and assume that he knows the 
difference berween "possession of 
nuclear weapons" and "the ability to 
manufacture nuclear weapons," I must 
sadly conclude that he deliberately tried 
both to distort my comments and to 
mislead his readers. The fact that he felt 
compelled to resort to such ploys is 
indicative of his own assessment of the 
weakness of his case. 

Let me repeat the main points I made 
at the lecture: 

(I) I said that I did not know the 
precise nuclear capacity of Israe~ that it 
was the highest placed, best-kepc secret; 
and that no intelligence agency- not 
even the ClA- had been able to arrive 
at definite conclusions in that maner. 

(2) I pointed 10 Israel's official 
position that it "would nO! be the first 
COUntry to introduce nuclear anns into 
the Middle East" and to the fact that the 
nuclear issue notwithstanding, Israel's 
security doctrine has always been based 
on conventional weapons. 

(3) I referred to a new, dissenting 
view in Israel calling- for the first 
time-for the adoption of a nuclear 
stnltegy, colloquially known as "going 
nuclear." I emphaSIzed that with the 
exception of one former minister, all 
Israeli strategists and policy-makers 
rejected the idea. 

Does Mr. Moudjahid really believe 
that, what he calls, "joumalistic reportS" 
about the number of bombs Israel 
purportedly has, constitutes sufficient 
evidence and proof that scholars could 
rely on? Time's reports on highly 
secretive maners are not 'a fact: 
certainly not after the magazine's 
cred ib iii ty was so devastatingly 
tarnished during a recent trial in New 
York; they are, at most, assessments and 
usuaRy just speculation. Funhennorc, 
even Time was cautious enough ID preface 
its statement about Israel's nuclear ability 
by the phrase "It is widely presumed," a 
reservation Mr. Moudjahid himself 
quoted but chose to ignore. ' 

If claiming not to know the exact 
nUll lear capaciry of Israel-because of 
lack of evidence-makes me less 
objective and knowledgeable, then I 
plead guilty. I suspect, however, that for 
Mr. Moudjahid "objective" and 
"knowledgeable" are in the eye of the 
beholder: whoever disagrees with his 
views is, by definition, not objective; 
and whoever does nO! say what he 
expects to hear is not knowledgeable. I 
suggest that Mr. Moudjahid demonlRtate 
some more open-mindedness in the 
future and listen more carefuDy to other 
vIews even if they are in conflict with 
his own. 

Jacob Goldberg 

Finally Open! 
24-Hour fOOd stores 
onlY 7 DAYS A WflK. 24 /lOURS A DAY 

fOR YOUR snOWllYG COI'IVllYllfICl 
• June Special • 

CDft'ee - SmaIl15~, urge lOt 
1030 Torrey PIMa Rd., .. Jolla 

(DOt to the Yogurt AffaIr) 
45~1124 

r - - - - - - - - - - - - - - couJX)n- - - - - - - - - - - - - -, 
I 

I 
" I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
455,0662 

Tired of Studying? 
Take a break-

Come to B}'s and 
Feed 4 {OT only $10.25!( ~ rdxj ' 

(Includes any large one topping pizza 
and a pitcher of soft drink.) 

I Dme m only PreKnt coupon when orcknng. 
I On~ coupon p"r purchaK ExpIres 6/ l5/8~ . L _____________ ~uJX)n--------------J 

Thursday, June 6, 1985 7 
NE"'lS 

• • v •• ~ ." ~ . ,-... ~ ,. x - • • ••• ~ ". ..... '. "'N) v _;. . '" ',,. ~ > ~;{ '.; ~, 'W :-: . ~ . ~ ~ . . ",::,' , .. ~ 

Wayne Holden 

DA waits for police report on shooting 
By PHIL WlLLON. Associalt News Editor 

I T WILL BE AT LEAST another twO weeks before the District Attorney's Office decides what action will 
be taken against the two San Diego 
police officers involved in the shooting 
death of fonner UCSD student Wayne 
Douglas Holden, 

According to Ste~ Casey, special 
assistant co the District Attorney, the 
homicide' inwstigation is sriB underway, 
and once it is completed the actions of 
the officers will be carefuDy reviewed. 

·We are obliged to look strictly at the 
Qfficers' conducl," Casey said about how 
the DA would handle the case. "That 
doesn't mean we must look at the 
appropriateness of the conduct Our job 
is to find whether the officers acted 
with legal justification." 

On May 28, Holden was shot six 
times after he held a 20-minute stand-
01T with police, during which he 
threatened to injure himself or anyone 
who approached him and led officers 
on a six-block chase through a qUIet 
neighborhood in San Marcos. The chase 
ended when he crashed through the 
window of a stranger's residence. The 
two officers claim they shO! Holden 
because he was apparently running after 
a resident in the house, according to 
homicide detective Lt. Paul Ybarrondo. 

Police suspect that Holden was under 
the influence of a haDucin!>gCn during 
his rage through the neighborhood, but 
the County Coroner's Office said that 

the lab tests are still pending and could 
not confinn Holden's use of drugs. 

Holden's father, Roben, is stiD 
apparently pursuing a civil sui! against 
the City of San Diego for what he called 
"a gross misuse of force" by police in 
apprehending his son, 

According to Greg MarshaD of the 
American Civil Ubenics Union, the 
orpnization will be closely monitoring 
the Holden case and has abudy offered 
its assistance to the victim's father. 

"We might get involved as 'a friend of 
the coun:" Marshall said . "In this case , 
if the police had been a Iitde less 
concerned with their ·own safety, it 
probably wouldn't have led to Holden's 
death ." 

According to Holden's father, the 
incident first staned at 2 am when 
Holden grabbed a 12-inch butcher knife 
and was threatening to commit suicide. 
After several family members 
unsuccessfully tried to convince him to 
lay down the knife, the authorities were 
alerted. 

Holden's father dialed the emergency 
number 911, hoping to have the County 
Mental Health authorities handle the 
situation , but San Diego police were sent 
instead. After the police tried for 20 
minutes to persuade Holden to drop the 
knife, which he was placing against his 
body threatening to injure himself if 
they came near him, he led the officers 
on a six-block foot chase thai ended 
when he dove through a neighbor's 

To the. Foll~wing: 
: 

, 
, 

Thank you for .making my 
education at UCSD a positive and 

worthwhile experience. 
Dr. Stan Chodorow 

Dr. John Conlisk 
Marriot Fleisher 

Dr. Howard Hunt 
Dr. Jose Luis Guasch 
Dr. Bert Kobayashi 
Dr. John Marino 

Paul Metcalf 

Dr. Herve Moulin 
Dr. Ramu Ramanathan 
Dr. Dennis Smallwood 

Dr. Joel Sobel 
Judith Sweet 
Ellen Toby 

Dr. James Wolper 
Randy lack 

- A Srudenl 

Groundwork Books Presents 
Summer Study -~ A Summer 

Groups Sale 
Collective Theory 

~ Skflls 
A1thusser ~ Marxism 

remlnlst Styles 
OW study groups 

small supportive 
learning groups. call 
for times and further 

info. 

20-50% off 
everything 

(That's our usual 
6'1» + 14'1» or more) 

June 3-15 
OPEn ALL SUMMER 

Man-Sat 11 am-8 pm 
452-9625 

bedroom window, 
An officer shot at Holden with a stun 

gun, a non-lethal weapon designed to 
shoot electrode dans, bat missed. 
According to Ybarrondo, the officers 
shot Holden when he apparently ran 

Deukmejian 
< CON11NUED fION PAGE 3( 

Assembly Speaker Willie Brown (D-
San Francisco) has already branded the 
lOoo-page study as "clearly skewed" 
against full divestment. 

Brown, also an ex-officio regent, 
added in a radio interview Tuesday that 

"he would fire UC Treasurer Hernert 
Gordon and the staff responsible for the 
study if he had enough votes on the 
board . 

Deukmejian wasn't critical of the 
long-awaited report, although he agreed 
with Brown that the longevity of the 
Pretoria government should be 
considered, saying the question was 
"significant" when considering the 
security of US investments there. 

Brown chastised the treasurer's report 
after its release Monday for not 
addressing the issue. 

Supporters of run divestment, such as 
Regent Yori Wada, ha~ said the report 
could damage hopes fueled by students' 

after a resident inside the house with 
his knife poised over him. 

All six shOts fired struck Holden in 
the back and ann. He died of the 
wounds se~ral hours later at Sharp 
Memoria1 Hospital. Ii:) 

protests that UC would conduct the 
largest divestment of public funds ever 
in the US. 

But Deukmejian turned down offers to 
speculate on the report's overall elTect 
on such lucrative companies as IBM and 
General Electric. 

"I can't speak for all members of the 
Board of Regents, but it (the cost of 
divestment) will cenainly be one major 
factor," DeukmeJ ian said . 

"Any regent, in making their decision, 
is going to want to act in terms of not 
only trying to assist in the effort to 
relieve oppression, but also in the best 
interests of the University," he added. 

Deukmejian said he would anend 
next week's public hearing at UClA, 
speCifically to hear reviews of the 
treasurer's report. 

"I'm nO! going to state what I'm going 
to do until that process is completed," 
he concluded. 1m 

University Events Office presents 
, 

A Special Sneak Preview of 

Columbia Pictures' 

Monday,June 10,8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free passes must be picked-up in advance 
and will be available at 12 noon on Monday 

__ June 10 at the UCSD Box Office __ _ 



8 Thursday, Jun, 6, 1985 

Herbert York, director oj IGCC 
"Perhaps because of irs two-hour restriction, the 

movie Wargames presents some ideas lOO Simplistically. 
But on the other hand, some of the thinking at 
NORAD is lOa simplistic, like raking the President and 
the human factor out of the nuclear launch loop." 

Ronn! S heel LA, Tune. relOT(tI and Rt'gmls Lcdurcr 
"The Reag n AdlTIlnl~ ratIOn t:; uSing this devil 

theory to reJeet tht' nODnn that nuclear \Veapo ,,~ are 
• unusable. hen If you beheve the SovIets are Irke the 

azi Germans, even if you heheve a PresIdent Reagan 
told me, the OVlcts are godless monsters, even If you 
think they are nothIng less than the evil empIre. 
whatever your vIew-the fact IS, even the Nazis would 
have given pause to the use of nuclear weapons in the 
face of a retaliatory attack." 

Linda Bunch oj the Regrstrar oj Voters 
"Anytime you offer money for voter registatlon, an 

e1emem is introduced that shouldn't be a part of our 
political system." 

Harley Garber, photographer 
"What if we were able to step ours ide ourselves, lo 

somehow view our feelings and then react to them, not 
our image of them? We would laugh or maybe cringe 
in horror: 

LA Times reporter covering apartheid protest 
"This is the best UCSD event I have been assigned 

to since becoming a reporter in this town." 

Thursday, Jun, 6, 1985 9 

Shakuhachi Swan Song 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE , PerspectIves EdItor 

Fourteen years ago I left UCSD with one possession lo remind me of what I had learned as an undergraduate-my Shakuhachi. During that time away from UCSD, my Shakuhachi 
flute became a symbol of the self. As an artist who orchestrated my 
sculprures with tree and stone, I sought to carve my roots from the 
earth like the raw bell of the Shakuhachi, and weather my outer body 
to the sun and snow as a japanese lIutemaker would prepare the 
bamboo shaft as an intrument for others to play upon. Daily 

' medltalions were used to strip and polish the Inner core , and Zen 
readings were used to carve oUl holes so that more than one note 
could be played 

I thought I had completed the df until one day, while in the BOI S 
de Bologne Itt Pam, I layed my Shakuhachl on a boulder, I sa t <lnd 
listened to the Wind blow one pure note through the nute and 
realized a ~hakuhac hl cannot be made or phlyed hy it~c1f. _ 0 three 
rears ago I returned to U SD to start a new cycle In the graduatc 
!ttl'rature pwgram 

I abruptly discovered a . h.lkuh.IChl IS an Instrument of the past, 
.md mr overpolishrng of thl, rno;trument's exterior rl'lIeLted as Il n 
wen,'. loud hrJss hom, An old adage say', ''One ne\l'r rememhers 
who uylu1l'd .1 news story" Since litl'rarurl' \\'.1, al,o commltteu to 
relkctt n, I '>Ilught to walk an alternate p.uh with thl' Guardlall ',t<lff 

Mr. PUCCI, local phIlosopher 

Unsure of my footing, I took one step backwards, through UCSDeja 
Vu, for every step forwards, Though the re-recordings of past stories 
about UCSD were somewhat familiar and playful, they were little 
more than lamenting lyrics of the overblown '60s, Remembering that 
the Shakuhachi is the only musical instrument developed also as a 
weapon, I took it in hand as a self righteous sword against any 
person or group that threatened the peace of UCSD. But when the 
Shakuhachi is two-fistedly held , only one shrill note can be heard as 
the heated air blows through irs shaft, when it descends to srrike an 
opponent , I prided myself in being the Duelist until one of the 
guardians said the Guardian was an ensemble. not a backup group to 
one solOISt. Rather than just reject me with a harsh note , they gave 
me the chance to change from wmrng and singing my own songs to 
conducting new writers as the Per~pettlves EdItor, As ed Itor, I 
learned that gIven the opportunity, ~ach and every per,on at UCSD 
an produce a pure <;Qulful tune If a Simple UnlmpOSlIlja III tmnent I, 

1I,cd , 

for .1 fln.rI pt'rformanc(' before 1m" Ing on tO.l ne,~ group I prc~(' nt 
to >'ou some memorable mdodle~ by the ongrn"l ..rntsts O{h~r Wlli 
pl,() on thiS Sh.(kuhaLhl in the fucure .tnd kno,\ It Lame from , 
qu.lhr) communi!) known .h Cc.:~[) 

Angela DaVIS 
"They want to create the impression that the struggle 

is something that happened back In the '60s It has 
been ten years srnce 1 was last here , I could talk about 
ten years of lessons, tcn years of struggle. But ( th ink I 
will talk about the struggle for equal edu anon, the 
fight against racISm in general The fight IS not over 
On the contrary, It has Just begun Knowledge unfits a 
child to be a slave ." 

G,uduutt' S[l"It'nr jOining anrr-l.lparthrrd mOl'ement 

"Before attending college bel:aml' il pubhc right or a 
mu.ll of youth, college \\as regarded as a place for 
scholars lo explore our 100ellcclU .. 1i boundaries and 
be)'ond , Siudents sought III bTl'ak through dQgma , 
cultur-JI restrictions. lOadequ.lte ~(llutlons to problems, 
and self-Imposed feeltngs ,' f tntelieLlUilI Infenority " . ; Dr LISa HIrshman, sexual harrassment counselor at 

Psyc hologlcal Servtces 

"In my SIX rears here al UCSD as a graduate 
,tudent, I h<lw never seen us make a united effon: to 
<;uppon our undergraduates outSide the classroom 
The} reSIsted the dralt alone. The> began this protest 
against l'C inwstment m South Afnca alone !.sn't It 
about time we Jom them rn thIS cause that must 
succeed?" 

Swdent Center admmlScrator on che apartheid protest 
"Hit 'em hard , hit 'em fast. Then march!" 

Margot Gordon, co-director oj ASIO 

"A Harvard survey lOdl ates sexual harassment is 
seen by both students and faculty as a form of 
discrimination, denytng equal opportunity to one 
group, It happens disproportlonately to women by a 
ratio of 15-1. Perhaps this is why men relate to it only 
10 terms of sex. Women, as the victims, recognize its 
most distinguishing feacure , the abuse of power by a 
professor or TA n 

Tom Turnage, dIrector oj the US SelectIve ServIce ~1 
"Here is a typical case nght here I refernng to a 

photo of draft resister Ben SaswayJ. He says, 'I want 
you to thrnk before you register: Registration has 
nothing to do with thinking," 

Student oj '60s at UCSD 
"I feel guilty because during the '60s I didn't do 

anything. People were starting to care about the 
needing and bleeding of others in the world, It seemed 
like everyone was committed lo something, the war, 
pollution, civil righrs, poverty. All I cared about was 
passing physics and getting laid , I didn't think 1 had 
anything valuable to give, so I k~pt it for myself." 

Roger RtvfUe -
"After the war came the jingoism, suspicion and 

intolerance of the McCarthy era in the 1950s; the 
growing realization in the 19605 of the many injustices 
within our own society and in the relations between 
rich and poor communities in the world; the cruelty 
and futility of Vietnam, which broke our confidence in 
ourselves; and the revelations of governmental 
corruption and lying during the last few years, No 
wonder that in the past three decades the flame of 
patriotism has guttered out in a pool of apathy and 
indifference. No wonder that many of you have turned 
away from the problems of our society to a concern 
with sheer individllal survival n 

Art student re-enacting George Winnie's protest immolation 
"Everyone screams on the inside. You can see it in 

people's eyes. Holding things inside, I never anowed 
myself to voice feelings, to scream.n 

Anthony Kane, history projessor 
"ThiS movie studies the process of a doctor 

becoming humanized. The Japanese have a very 
strong belief that doctors are people who should serve 
the people, not just get rich and play golf.n 

"I knew ( needed an education, But I did not know 
what I needed after graduation. People always say 
UCSD is a theoretical school. You learn to think. Once 
outside school, it is not enough to make this claim, An 
internship verifies you have experience in applying 
your thinking abilities,n 

Robert Irwin, sculptor oj the "Purple FenCl" 

Roger Spottiswoode, director oj Under Fire 
"This is a movie about change, sometimes subtle and 

intimate , sometimes violently explosive, and the 
changes that make history and transform the lives of 
human beings: (Under Fire portrayed UCSD alumnus 
John Hoagland's life,) 

"What I am trying lO do with this thing is draw 
people's attention to looking and seeing all those 
things lhal have been going on aU along but have 
previously been too incidental or meaningless to really 
eOler seriously into our visual structure, our picture of 
the world," 

Pat Johnson . Karate Kid !Cchnrcal adVIser 
"O ne of the main problems with the martial arts in 

this country IS thaL the Americans cannot relate to 
them in the distinct wayan Onental can. In the 
Orient, to sit under a winter waterfall or take a long 
journey can have no other purpose than the 
development of self discipline, In Amenca, when 
people want LO do someLhing, hke stop smokmg, they 
do nor have the self dlSctpline to do so." 

NewswfCk reporter at John Hoagland's Juneral 
"At 36, Hoagie was a lean man with a bag of 

cameras, inquisitive eyes and a friendly grin that 
betrayt'd his don't-tread-on -me mustache, When his 
name appeared on death squad hit lists in EI Salvador, 
he said, This IS my home: and stayed, covenng wars, 
poliucs and the sufferings of ordi nary people: 

Sergeant Robert Jones oj UCSD POliCC! Department 
"The statistics on the number of suicides at a 

university are not representative of the true picture "., 
He never sought out psychological help, The victim 
was a vety good student, an award-winning athlete, 
came from a nice family background, engaged and had 
no finanCial problems. He see"" ~,1 to have the world 
by the taiL" 

Tommy Tucker on demolishing the Coffee Hut 
"T he dilemma is a very Simplistic one, It is that we 

do not have a programmatic question here at aU. It is 
not a question relating the credibility of the Che Cafe 
or Guardian on campus, It is strictly a question of the 
nature and condition of the facility where the twO are 
housed : 



PHYSICS 11 
(INTRODUCTION TO 
GENERAL PHYSICS) 

•• will be o.-.d d ..... $«'m .... S. .... I885 •• 
J .... 24 - _., .. 1. 1185 (I ..... ) 

MTuWTh, 10:00 a.m. - 11:30 a.m ., HI. 1148 
Instructor: PROFESSOR DAVID Y. WONG 

Text: Sears, Zemanskv, YOt.D1Q: UNIVERSfIY PHYSICS, 
Addison-Wesley (6th edition) 

Prerequisite: Math. 1A or 2A (or con~t enroDment) 
This course is designed to introduce potential 
science majors to concepts in physics and to 

prepare the~ for the PHYSICS 1 or PHYSICS 2 
sequences. 

For info concerning enrollment, 
phone Ext. 4365 (Summer Session). 

SERVICES 
Beverly Hills 

Saving, & Loan 
Association 

Century 21 
Village Realty 

Fox Photo 
Kinko's Copies 
La Jolla Village 

Eye Care 
La Jolla Village 

Square Dental 
Group 

Precision Apparel 
San Diego Federal 

Automatic Teller 

452-5660 

455-6770 
450-1426 
457-3775 

457-1200 

455-9151 
452-9222 

Scientific Skin Care 457-2004 
Security Pacific 

National Bank 455-7294 
Sunny Fresh Cleaners 4.55-0071 
Travel Travel La Jolla 450-1113 
Young Attitudesl 

Hair Graphics 457-3334 

RESTAURANTS &t 
ENTERTAINMENT 

Aesop's Tables Greek 
Cafe 

6 ,J.'s Chicago 
Pizzeria 

Fairfield's Bar & Grill 
La Jolla Village 

Pacific Theatres 
Pippins 
Samson's Deli 
T ,G .1. Fridays 
Video Gallery 

455-1535 

455-0662 
457-3227 

453-7831 
452-1823 
455-1461 
455-0880 
450-1554 

THIS 
IS 

THE 
LAST 

GUARDIAN! 
at leut until 
September 

While our publication 
is taking the summer 

off, the business office 
will be alive and well 

and open from 9,2 five 
days a week to answer 
advertising or general 

questions about 
next year. 

SHOPS 
Aaron Brother's Art 

Mart, 457-5908 
Crown l300ks 450-0577 
Grea t Earth 

Vitamins 452-9775 
Homeplace 450-1811 
Radio Shack 457-4095 
Ra~:s Grocery 

455-0840 
Sdv-on Drugs 457-4390 
Sizes Unlimited 587-1652 
Storm 

International 4.52-0551 
Strouds Linen 

Warehouse 457-0525 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 
CONVENIENCE CENTER 

W_ 011-' on 
V,'I0 U 10'10, off 
L.loIlo Vdl ... 
Drtw. 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU Mf. 
Call Ed Of' 8cYbara at 459-7342 

Day Of' Night 

LEARNING 
CEN"n!1t 

FREE :;~~NG 
• PlCKUP/ DB.1VERV 

(w ith "*,Imum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6th Ave., SD. 
231-1676 

FO R OV E R 1# 5 Y 
R 

., H E F 5 
I 
R Itt 

A ND L A S T 0 
., R 

IN D 
~, 

.,. 

P R E P A R .4 r 10 IN 
S 

. T , j; f I ' 
ACROU DOWII 

I lSAT I VAl I NMB I GRE PSVCH 
Z GMAI "IOEFL HOE \I GRE BID 
HRE n SSAI 3 ECFMG " ACHIEYfMENTS 
• MeAl II !>SAl • fLE~ 12 NURSING BOS 
IOAI 

" SAT I NIlB 13 C,.. I MAT ,. Atl I NP81 I. SPEED READING 
1 'tAT 11 MSlCP 7 NCB I I. ESL REVIEW 
I OCAT I CGFNS II INIRO 1O 

lNiSCHOOl. 

= IIIUI:AnOtML CBmII coOOoyo, f ... & ___ 
San DIe;o Cent., 

2180 Garnet Ave, Suite 2D 
PocIIk: Baach 92109 

(619) 2~10 
M,l, McNulty, Administrator 

-

I 

Thursday. June 6, 1985 11 
Ne~ 

• ~<'" • ..:~:-:·X .~..;. ~';'::-::"N ..... ~s~~·· '*" 'y'~." • :<', :(.'"- .. ...;. ......... ~~~"".. fi. ::: "..;.' .. :;;;':.. 

Top 
watennelon 

crowned 

WE KNOW 
COPYING 

FRONTWARDS 

Jeff Stabile, a man, was named lOp dog 
in the warermelon queen competition 
last night at the ReveDe Cafeteria. 

In addition to the honor of being 
chosen queen, Stabile and his warennelon 
seed, Deborah K Axelton, will be 
privileged to preside at me annual 
Watennelon Drop from Urey Han al 

lWo-sided copying is only one of the special services 
you 11 gel at Kinko~, 10 find oul more, consult our staff, 
They have a friendly, helpful, professional aHitude you won' 
fi nd anywhere else. 

Kinko~. \Q:'re on your side. Ei lher one. 

kinko·s· 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

noon on Friday. 
The drop became a tradition several 

years ago after a physics professor asked 
sl:Udems [0 calculare me rerminal 
velocity of a watermelon dropped from 
the seven-stol}' Urey HaD. The first 'drop 
was made to prove me calculations, and 
the grearest distance that watermelon 
seeds scatter is recorded each year. 

In :he past, watermelon queens have 
consumed a variety of items on their 
way to the top of Urey HaD before 
tossing the melon, including beer and, 
in one instance, live goldfish . Also, an 

assonment of fruits , vegetables and 
dothing have been heaved from the 
building's balconies by the shon-term 
monarch. 

In an interview shonly following his 
coronation, Stabile, a Revelle freshman 
psychology major, refused to reveal any 
specifics concerning his plans for 
Friday's event, but added that if the 
media shows for the event like they did 
\as( year, the possibility of lewdness in 
his actions could not be ruled out. "My 
modesty is compromisable." he said. ~ 

- Sean Wagstaff 

Fanning cooperatively 
Long rows of well-tended fruits and vegetables, separared by weedless areas 

of rich brown soil, brighdy painted white fences neady defining the boudaries 
of UCSD's student-run cooperative farm. 

Torrey FaltllS may nO( fit this picture of perfect agricultural development, but 
a serious effon is being made [0 improve the quality of me large, cluttered piece 
of land across the street from the Institute of the Americas, 

UCSD's COop and Enterprises is currently initiating OJ. new project which 
would reinstate a cooperative garden. Instead of limiting developmem lO the 
garden as in the past, this projeCt would be an entire cooperative ecosystem, 
incorporating a residential area with an agricultural project. 

The idea behind the project, similar lO projects already in existence on the 
UC Santa Cruz and Davis campuses, is lO create a self-sufficient community in 
which aU waste is returned mrough composting lO the land and all food is 
produced by me land. 

Instead of paying rent, residents wiD be expected to work to maintain the 
fann and community. 

The focus of a university education tends more and more towards olTice-type 
job opponunities, taking students funher and funher from me eanh. A 
cooperative farm and housing project would offer those involved me chance lO 
get meir hands dirty, lO become more inv~ wim meir own existence. 

For more information, contact Shane or Monte at the Che Cafe, 452-
D II . ~ 

- Chris Young 



IJ Ana,ew Krd., returns from Ihc slee:;), ban oj 
Eu rope, he IS Ihreo!flllng to ~uomc mOllaSln8 
edl lDr PromISIng to wnlP thIS plaa mlO shape and 
fe-open the HlalllS /lart,. Gnll, thr onty ,umvor 
oj tht "Dally" da\> WIll ronm lfrGtc on hIS 810 
Chrm EECS daub/( major and J"mous huttfljly 
collwlOn. 

KlSsmg lhe spons world goodlryr. AbCta Agos IS 
headmgJor 1M world oj arts In Ihe lana ojHlatUS, 
where women art women and chddren art boss. 

Pnna" Rente WennckJumps oul ojlhe dark and 
mlO the Ptr<pea"" IlIntllghl when shr mgns 
over Ihal Stctlon nexI year. 

A Guardian 
Fairwell 

Phil /.nuder IS Ihc firsl m a lon8 Ime oj Ph,ls to be 
edllor ojlhllJOInt An AMES maJOr on poper bul a 
columlllsl al heart, hr plans to con/ln"" the 
world-fenowncd "",nler's I " nexl Y'ar .. hlle 
'Mu(ln8 hll lllle 10 mere t)pesemr BUI hey, Phil , 
wha/ do wks really mean, anyway' 

, h.·1 

Ph d Willon wdl be nexl year's big guy, head 
hauncho, numero uno-Ed,lDr-m-Ch"J Jor lhe 
Guardian. He'a be tolhlllg loud and draWing a 
cruwd !Jxk your doors, look bolh "a)ll beJort 
crossmg Ihr Slrttl , check unarr your bed WiIJon 
IS III IDWn. 

Stan Wagstaff wdl be news edllor agam nexl year. 
In lhe meonllme he wdl be kayakmg III Iht Sotrras 
and wmdsurfing m the San Fronclsco Bay He also 
plans 10 da jrtrlonCt wnling jor River Runner 
magozme and go Cow-lipping on hOI su mmer 
mghu in DaI1S In Ih t Jail he wUl be sun wtanng 
a Green Bay Packers swcallhtn and Jallhfolly 
s'Ppmg Old Mdooukee Berr. 

Queen S~ e" dl Diamona plans on ehmmallng 60-
hour work weens Jrom htr uncompromlSlllg 
posl/lon as grap~ ICS conlposuor. For now she Slls 
L-.-\'lI"'1',~V------ m the I~ ro nt as the GuardIan selS jorlh undera ---t 

tk.'W regime -~=C--_ 

Robert "Ihe Flgg " Fnrdt lllhal heads oul to Ihe 
cold cruel world next ycar He Ihan.s oll lhe IllIk 
peorlr who gOI ~,"I "here he IS lodily, and 
"ptctally John Ashla Jar sa"n8 hIS burt again 
and again. 

Mal/hew ). Cronin wdl Munl Ihe OpllllOns 
section agam next Y'ar as well as some oj your 
local publlCallOns IhlS summer wuh more 
gral ullouS quips and analySts "ILJI-wmg /S II 'I 
tYCryr lung- IC 's Ihe only Ih lllg." 

Bel~en ma/1Qgtng Ihc Ponmkm at mghl olld 
wnlmg Jor a newspap'" dun ng Inr day, 
Chnslopher Ca noJ. plans on bu,ldlng a new cafe 
rotCr. Bekl2re: in Un Y"ars hr may rtt um agom! 

HavIng lasl betn sun "",anns too /tQts-tMt oj 
copy rdllor and I)'ptSt utr- Jan Hansen WIll help 
"hold dawn the Jort" IhlS summrr in Ih, Bus'"t ss 
Office Rumored to Itavt "mk in her blood," ant 
can expeCI 10 Stt her Ihtre m lhe fall, also. 

Ch ns Young wUl IICycr Str any oj us agam unJ.ss 
M go to Sa nla Cruz, where ht will be a publls ~lng 
mogul and all-around arts .fr<ak. Beong agradUlltt 
mtans not haVing a /xl ld SPOI and Itvlng uhdtr a 
non-mobile roof 1M fnsbee fa nalic will SOOn be 
mamed ana hdlttlhrce child"n and eal cow j1esh 
tWICe a day. 

Co,""r artl t Jo~n A. Ashier Pral >tIS oul on a 
cross-counlry erck On a pogo SlICk th IS summer 
bejore rtl uml"8 nexl year as Photo Editor 
Ememus. He sertu#'aslly rrJuses 10 do 12 
<MnWl urts In one ",g~1 ev(Y again 

Thursday, June 6, 1985 13 
(>Eb~Ea. tes 

•• ~. ".-..-,IiIf. ...... u.-Ij.~,,,;/,~ , " • • 
'~"'~"" ' ''' ( ..... 

A long look back at the past 9 months 
By PHIL LAUDER 

H AWKEYL PIERCE rrom the wonderrul TV senes MASH once descn bed how to tell who was 
the sanest person around. A paraph rJse 
is, "Li ne everyone up and have them 
stick one root out in rront of an on-
coming jeep. The last person to pull hi s 
foot away- that's the sane one ." ' 

Perhaps a re~d coUegiate version of 
that is, -Have every student put aU 
course books in a Slorage chest , and the 
last one to take them OUt juSl before 
finals-mat's the sane one." And if you 
never take them out, that means you're 
completely sane and should probably 
leave school. College is no place for 
sanity. Even you freshmen should know 
that by now. . 

Sanity nOlWithstandlng, it's been a 
long year. A very long year. September is 
but a hatt in the distant past. 
Remember? .. 

"This year is going to be great. 
UCSD has neYer seen a stUdent 
like the one it's going to see this 
year. A 3.8 would be a 
disappointment, but I'D live." 
And now it's June. Three-eight 

indeed, buddy. 
I statted this year with a lot of dreams 

of my own; however, very few of them 
were academicaBy-oriented. My only real 
goal as far as school went was to get by 
and make it to next year- which I sort 
of did, kind of, son of. 

Most of my goals centered around my 
job. I was the new editor-in-chief of the 
school newspaper, and boy was I going 
to kick some butt. This thing was going 
to look better, read better, sound beuer, 
taSte better, feel better and smeD 
better-a true sensory delight. The 

Guardrail was gOing to huvl' wncers 
standing In hne from here to the 
Bookstore dem<lndlng a chance to prove 
themselves in the competitive Guardian 
market. Each and every anicle In the 
paper was going to be thoroughly 
researched and flawless- no 
grammatical mistakes, no one 
misquoted, no stone left unturned, no 
moss left unscraped. Heads were going 
to roll . People would stand on the Plaza 
and SlOp what they were doing when 
the Guardian rolled up in its orange cart 
to appease the journalisticaDy-starving 
masses. As they tore open the bundles 
to get to their prize, a chorus of oohs 
and aahs would arise as an otherwise-
silent UCSO slowly digested each 
paragraph of scintillating prose and 
muck-raking journalism. 

Among the scaff, I would be known as the 
editor who gOt things done, who turnei:! a 
decent organization inlD a smooth-running, 
streamlined, we're-MOVing-now dreamboat. 
God, when I grow up, I want my kids to be 
just like Ph il. • 

Of course, I knew there were cenam 
limits to some of my dreams, and that it 
was posSible that not all of them would 
be realized. [ figured 98% wouldn't be 
too much of a let-down. 

Ninety-eight percent indeed, buddy. 
Suffice it to say that things didn't go 

just the way I had planned. The paper 
did improve-[ hope; we progressed 
rather than digressed, and that's saying 
something. And , of course, I'd be more 
than happy to rake the credit for that-
more than happy. But [ can't. The 
editorial staff here is composed 
primarily of dedicated and talented 
individuals, and they are the reason this 

Stress & how to dealwith it 
By PAUL GARDNER 

P LOOOlNG ABOUT THE campus, you sense something strange is §ling on here, and you wonder 
who to cal? Your sweethean arpears to be 
taking on the slumped gait 0 Hennan 
MunstEr. You've noticed friends grumbling 
rJlC)re and enjoying life less. You aren't the 
only one who didn't sleep welllaSl night. 

Intrigued, you wonder if lobotomy 
patties might be the latest campus craze. 
Perhaps you attended one last night 
because you can't remember Donald 
Duck's first name. Further, your head 
seems to ache a lot lately. There's 
tension in your neck and shoulders. 
Fatigue seems to be your and evetybody 
else's middle name. Doing your best, 
lifung your pencil with both hands, you 
notice Mr. and Ms. Lovestruck 

ELIAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

Hshfighting in the back or the room. 
for the moment, you can remember 

Donald Duck's first name (it's 
Murganoyd). You are also aware that 
many of the stress symptoms described 
have a lot to do with the mood 
surrounding upcoming final exams. 

For some, relationships are strained, 
if not threatened. Some of your friends 
(and perhaps yourself) are drinking 
more or resorting to drugs as a way to 
cope. And, of course, chocolate sales are 
up in all stores near the campus! 

In a few weeks, you'll be enjoying the 
beach with finals happily forgotten . But, 
in the meantime, yes, in the meantime, 
what is a student to do to manage the 
demons of stress? 

Here are a rew tips partiaUy inspired 

rNcWM ..... GIll IN _ 'IJ I,... "111 _ "0 I,... " 51 
.......... (fItII ....... ".", .... U.s I ... 14$ It "Pi 

.......,,... nJ I,... HO) • Cell.".... ,.., I ... N$) 
(kIItfIltlllr ..",,) , 

,.... ... IIfItIo 1035) ......... "" I ... H.SJ 
H let ... .".,., '13 IIfItIo '15) 

.!jIe<W- ....... ,.., 
n,. uti acrJllo 01' .. ,.,. 'U off 

""'cwe IIItI ~rc aMIN .., off 
JjIedtIII ". ... _ tItIDotfIII6,/JoIII5. 1'/01 _'" _ ..".. u ........-

A ,.,,, Hnllce MlOII 
1ID8 U_ .... 1/fe8 CoIIt9o Dr. It 16.)) ......., 

.......... I~ u Jo/III c;.,w", Co.) 7J7,..,.w.. u Jo/III •• ,17. 

paper went an ywhere I'm sure as hell 
glad they're dround 

For most of us, school IS the 
dominant force In our lives-un d a 10{ 
happens in an academiC year that 
involves academics. A great prof here , a 
lousy one there , maybe a poli SCI class 
d uring wimer quarter that changes your 
whole outlook on the world . Maybe you 
took a speed reading class that turned 
your workload into a manageable 
animal. You might have learned the 
balance of forces that keeps a truss 
together, or that your future lies in the 
almost-frontier study of oncogenes. 
Perhaps this year you decided to go 
pre-med, or maybe you flnaUy decided 
that computer science just isn't for you 
(a few 5 am nights in the EECS lab or a 
few endless searches for a tenninal on 
campus might have given you that idea). 
A lot happens at school in a year. 

But what also amazes me is how 
much non-academic stuff happens in an 
academic year. Think about the friends 
you know 'now whom you didn't know ' 
in September; maybe some of them will 
become lifelong friends. Maybe you've 
fallen into a relationship or two. Maybe 
you've faUen out o f a relationship or 
three. HeU , maybe you got married. 
Maybe you got unmarried. You might 
have walked into the job of your 
dreams . Or not when you expected you 
would . Maybe your parents decided you 
are a real person after aU. Maybe leaving 
home for the wonderful world of coUege 
has taught you more about dealing with 
people in nine months than you learned 
in the 18 years previous. Maybe this, 
maybe that. 

But certainly, a lot has happened in 

by a recent workshop with SOSU 
nursing students. 

Time Management 
MentaUy attend each class on a 

consistent basis. TeSl anxiety builds up 
when we know we haven't prepared. 
Use your calendar to schedule study 
times and Slick to it, structuring in 
positive reinforcements. Schedul~ quality 
bits or time with positive, supportive, 
.uplifting friends inbetween studies. 
Avoid whiners and complainers who 
zap needed energy. 
Nuttition 

Easy for me to say, but you have to 
avoid chocolate , colas and coffee as the 
caffeine depletes vitamin B, an 
important stress combatant. Minimize 
insomnia, irritability, depression and , 
fatigue by daily supplements of vitamins 
B;'C and calcium/ magnesium. To avoid 
hypoglycemic symptoms, eat four to live 
smaU meals daily, which helps to 

the last mne months. [ hope the} went 
well for you I hope that, regardle,,~ of 
how they went , you can feel good about 
the fact that they happened, and that 
yo u look fo rward to the summer a nd the 
nine months [hat fo Uow that. For some 
or you the coming months mean a Jump 
into th,!! "real world " and the Job market. 
[ wish you well. For some of you they 
mean your second year or college and a 
time when you really have to dete nnine 
what you're going to do as a caree r; 
good luck in your decis ion. For others 
they mean maintaining things as they 

~re and staying on course for June 15, 
1986, or June 14, 1987. For others they 
mean filling out a few hundred thousand 
med- or grad-school aplications and 
sending each willi 520 or 525 enclosed off 
to places like Cornell and Brown and 
George Washington and UCSF. That 
certainly sounds like a lot of fun. But it's 
probably worth it. 

For me, the next sc hool year brings a 
return to student-hood while working 
just a few hours a week solely for bucks. 
And , undoubtedly, it brings a few 
surprises that aren't in the picture yet. I 
hope to be able to continue this column, 
and I greatly appreciate the comments 
many of you have made to me about it. 
In particular, I would like to thank 
Grace Uu, aJapanese student here who 
several months ago wrote me a very nice 
letter. Writing a n ice letter to someone 
we don't know is not something very . 
many of us find or make the time to do; 
I certainly don't do it. Your effort was 
greatly appreciated, G race, and I thank 
you. 

A Merry Christmas to aU, and to all a 
good night. ~ 

maintain a more consistent blood su~r 
level Absolutely minimize sugar products 
which deteriorate optimal functioning in 
part by contributing to sleep disorders. 

Cognime Aids 
When irrational thoughts attempt to 

poUute your mind, like "WiD the human 
race keep me if I get a D in chemistry?,· 
try thoughtstopping. Simply interrupt 
negative thoughts by subvocalizing a 
Slem command, "Stop! ," repeating this 
several times. Visual people may choose 
to short-circuit mental downers by 
focusing on an attractive picture or 
classmate, or perhaps internally 
visualizing a peaceful nature scene or 
your honey. 
During Exams 

Relax with progressive relaxation 
and/ or visualize a peacerul and 
confident scene. Should the need arise, 
breathe rhythmically, maximizing mental 
hannony. ~ 

LADIES & GENTLEMEN 
This is our final issue of the quaner. Fear not, we will return in 
September, bigger and bener than ever, Until then, keep your chin 

up, do good things on your finals, and don't bun in 
where you're not welcome. 

DINNER SPECIAL 
$5.00 OFF 

.ny two dinners (choose from Z3 entrees) 
SUSHI BAR HAPPY HOUR 

(5 - 6 p.m daily) 
ALL YOU CAN fAT fOR $9_95 

(per person) 
lunch I 1:30 a.m - 2:30 p.m. - Monday- Friday 

Dinner 5 :00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m. - Monday-Sunday 
Special !J)od throu~ June 1985 - With this ad please tf' HANA SUSki' ~~~:~,ngC~'" ~, Jeptlne .. Re.taurant ,z:.,~, ~:~ r.c"""~l 



- -
--

The Year in Sports 
Pictures say a thousana words 

Thur5ilay, }unt 6, 1985 15 
'S~&.TS 
~~~ • • '.' > ..'~. .,' ,. ~ ," ~~. ~.<\>" • 

A last hurrah 

Soccer, hockey, basketball 
By ROB HASWELL 

A s WE WRAP UP ANOTHER year of academia here at UCSD, with the eminent threat of finals 
close at hand, my mind retreats into the 
world of sports. As is always the case 
around the tenth week, I should be 
pounding hard at my neglected books 
into the wee hours of the night; but 
instead, I ease into an HL lounge chair 
and re-read a day-old sports page. Many 
thingi cross my mind . . 

Will anyone reaDy watch ESPN's 14-
day exclusive re-broadcast of the 1984 
Summer Olympics? I am pretty sure the 
Russians won't show up this time either. 

1 watched the last five minutes of the 
fifth game of the championship series 
between the Sockers and the Blast, and 
decided that soccer belongs indoors. 
The most boring play in the sport, that 
of the two-handed, over-the-head , out-
of -bounds pass, has been eliminated. 
Sure, the soccer purists will shake their 
collective heads at this thought, but 
what the heD, soccer fans in Europe 
already resemble hockey fans, iO why 
shouldn't the game of soccer resemble 
hockey? 

Speaking of hockey, is there anything 
left. to be said about Wayne Gretzky? He 
even has a cute girlfriend, for God's 
sake! The guy's unreal. 

Last hockey: After watching Game 

Three of the lakers-Celtics series. I 
wonder if hockey etiquette has invaded 
all stlO"s. Maybe the NBA should 
employ a penalty box for a particularly 
rouah series. The possibilities are 
encl1ess. Picture this: Game Five: Celtics 
down by four midway through the 
second period. After some rough play 
underneath, Danny Ainge draws a four-
minute major for biting, while Magic 
Johnson gets a two-minute minor for 
whinins. For the next two minutes both 
teams playa man down , opening up the 
transition game to no end. During the two 
minutes after than, the takers are at full 
strength, giving them a five-on-four 
power-play situation. The Utkers 
capitalize, and run up a 12-point 
halftime lead. I mean, if we're gonna act 
like hockey players ... . 

Can any rtal baskerbaU fan ever root 
for Danny Ainge? I think Celtics fans 
even cringe a litde when Ainge hits a 
20-foot jumper. 

Larry Bird is the Mozart of baskerball. 
He's that good. I often wonder if he will 
ever lose a "do-or·die" game for the rest 
of his career. 

Will horse racing survive the Spend-
A-Buck fiasco? Unfortunately, yes. 

Pete Rose has the Reds near the top 
of the West and his own batting average 
near .300. Does anybody still think that 
Rose is simply an egoistical record-

P.rklng penn ......... ulred during the 
summer montlw. Student Summer Session' 
Parking Permits cost S9.s0/month and may be 
purchased for specific periods of time (i.e., two 
weeks, one month, six weeks, etc.). These permits 
are available at the Cen~ral Cashier's Office 
beginning on June 17th through September 13, 
1985. Students must present a valid Summer 
Session 1.0. Card or a Spring Quarter 1.0. Card as 
proof of student status. The annual student "s" 
parking permit will also . be available to regular 
UCSD students who plan on being here during the 
summer and the 1985/86 academic school year. 
This annual permit expires June 30, 1985, and 
costs S1I4.oo for 12 months (S9.s0/month times 
12). 80th the Summer Session Parking Permit and 
the annual "S" permit are only valid in the yellow 
striped student spaces. 
If you have any questions about parking during 
the summer, please feel free to stop by the Parking 
& Transportation Systems Office, 400 Warren 
Campus, or give us a call at (452)-4223. 

. -.. 

hunter who has molded the Reds to fit 
his own needs? Probably so, but he 
doesn't give a damn-and neither do 
his players. 

With aU the turmoil in the NCAA over 
drug use, illegal recruiting, falsified 
transcripts. etc ., 1 think it is high time 
the NCAA investigation committee 
launched a fuH-scale probe into the 
UCSD alhletic program. It is about time 
they had some good news to report. 
Even with limited funding, no 
scholarships and very stringent (and 
sometimes too unbending) academic 
requirements, UCSD managed to come 
away with no less than two Division 111 
National Championships, with 
numerous other sports faring nearly as 
well. Alhletes in an sports here at UCSD 
should be commended. 

Possible bumper sticker after Super 
Bowl XIX: "Joe Montana for President-
Bill Walsh for God." 

Have you ever heard a better song 
about baseban than John Fogerty'S 
"Centerfield"? If so, bring it by the 
office. 

When will Bruce Springsteen finally 
sing the National Anthem at an opening 
day game? The American public would 
finaUy get a version it could stomach-
besides. of course, Jimi Hendrix's 
rousing rendition at Woodstock. 

Who is this "Andy Hawkins"? 1 

personaUy think he's really Craig Lefferts 
and the two simply switched uniforms. 
Somt last thoughts: 

eEver notice that Dodger infielders 
flagging down ground baDs look a lot 
like Kurt Rambis chasing a loose baU? 
The only difference between the two is 
thaI Rambis usuaDy comes up with the 
ball. 

eThe San Francisco Giants have 
mastered the art of snatching defeat 
from the jaws of victory. 

e Larry Holmes recendy fought some 
guy nicknamed "The Truth" in his quest 
for Rockt Marciano's undefeated 
heavyweight record of 49'() . The 
question is: Who's next for Larry? Big 
Bob "Consequences" Barker? 

eAny true basebaU fan should think 
about "the Babe" once in a while . 

eJack Clark is the best hitter in 
baseball . Period . 

.HopefuUy, Reggie will never retire . 

.When you Laker fans get happy 
over the current series with the Celtics, 
just remember the Cubs last year. 
Tradition dies hard . 

.Billy Martin has the Yankees 
winning again. 

I finaUy pur my day-old sports page 
on the rack and decide to go home. 
One final thought emerges above all 
others in my mind: I hate George 
Steinbrenner!! rca 

iff 

INT~URALSTUDENT 
S~RTS ASSISTANTS 

Talk abom a great team, these guys are the best. Without 
them the 1M Program would not run as Sl1looth as it has. Each 
put in more than his share of overtime just to make sure each event 
was properly taken care of. Many missed parties, missed ball 
games on TV, studying 'til the sun comes up and many more 
sacrifices. But all did it because they enjoy the program and want 
to make sure they could be a part of it. 
Congrats guys. You're the best team I've been on . 



r 

16 Thursday.Jull~ 6, 1985 

~ 
~ mor~ ..citffllfflt --;;ittr linals? 00 somethong 
dofftrrnt this summer Start Hang Gildingll Call or IIISit 
Right ~aliti<s 1ociIl~ aI ~ Torr<)' ~ Gilder A:lrt 
discount WIth studt'nt 10 
Surrrner Study Group> at Grou""-"'lrk Booksl ~'llISt 

~e, colll!ct"", thoofy and skills. Alth.Jsstr and Manosm 
SIgn up ttvoughJurll! 24 Call 452-9625 for Info. Op<!nall 
SUITVTltr Mor>-Sat 11 ~ pm 
\.4olln.lIIoIa. pr~for 320rjust tor fun IndMdoJalorshar~ 
l=ons Heltrl MartIn. 457-01>71 
IJ'. JOLlA"'CJ'.DEMYOF""'VERTISlNGARTSI-yr c~ 
&.Pb placrment ass!St.1rw:. In actvettl$lng. ~tgn. copy. 
proructJon, sales. marktting or publloty. Now enrolhng 
for ~ 17 F= catalog 459-0201 
1111 DCCaSIOn...weo can \lldeooIpe )'OUr graduation or party 
In sltr.a tW-fi. R~ rat<s 27H24a 

~1Mic WOIJld Ilk. to thank IMty ~IIcan. Sports 
Cha"" and Headllrll!rs for m.tr pnz. donations for our 
YOII")baii tournarrll!nt W. ooulct1t haI,<o, done It IMthout 
)'OU"' 
TG TOG'. PARTYWlth OTIS DAY IWD THE NlGHT5I Fn at 
4 FtnlSh ~ year IMth a SKAMM"lIJ'.MM"I DING DONG 
TOG'II TQG.\I TCX>I\I 

~aktrs l'Icousdc Monitor (horne/stucllo) ~~. only 
5850pr I~I rffilll IS mool 5 wI<s old. top 
condttlOO. 5)1' warranty. """'t ~II as USEDI ~il\IIng to\Ml 
Call 452-9255. 

illl l i8~1111 
Losl tenUr~. must ~l b 0. eN« 1300 I'IUdI wagon. DVT 

~ar 
1981 Nl-Mfoy ~ a.k~ 51SO 281-8394 Dtr1s runs 
~ir(rome=1 
P"'RTY8WTER5I3-waytloorspeak~ Icrl.WO~. Tr~ 
& bass "'luallllng. lOON cap. 30Hz-1CJ<Hz 5125/pr. Cali 
l......s ~tl 457-1909 ask for Ed. 
A'" cabf"., 2-</r_. dark-wood 530. Datsun 610. 1974 
1161<. good condition. +«>or wagon 5900 or ~t oIrtr. 
Call 457-4314 or 294-6482-
6 ~ 4 Oowrlng Hawill SI"9'" fin Good conditJOn ~st 
o~ 453-3295 

Tw~ rlI!ar La..blla C04on)I for saI~ Oyowntr 581-4904. 
VW~. 76goo<Half 58SOorO.o Call Tom 453-9834. 
SpHkm I'IcousOC MeMor ~/sludool ~way. only 
5850pr I~t* I rttall Is 117001 5 wI<s old. top 
conditIOn, 5)1' warranty. """'I Sl!II as USEDI ~a\IIng town 
Call 451-9255. 
0Ids Cutlass 7/> :klr ac. am/fill. many ~ parts. gr.at 
condo 512SO/283-3379 

DlrlI!tt~ daII< wood YIIIth 4 """" 570 ~ twtn. tnd 
tr~. tlox spong. mattr~ & pad, ~ars postur~. 
almoSI rlI!W 5175. Call 457 .... 314. 
Sttr.a. 2 ~OIIO<C~ speakffl IsoIld wood catll~). 
quadratle>c r~. tr ansaJdlO casstm:~ dI'ck IdoIOy. 
ctYome tape compad~l. Gr~at tor dorm partJ<s. 51500b0 
LOri 273-0309/48& 7490 

~f"grrator/fr~,.,r 5100 good condotlOn call 69~8408. 
~audful antJQ~ soltd cal< & btrd's ~ ~ upngtll 
grand poano. 1919 Storey & Clark 51200. Jan 452- 341>1> 
days. 452-8654 Ne 
75 A:lnttaCAsu~. gd cend 4 speed sock 5I>SO 263-7578 
JIdorat* anmal ru~r stamp. · Cats. kittens. Ilunroes. 

~ars. pandas. penguIns. unicorns. ~tc 1000r 310 deslgrtSl 
~ on not~. llr.gIlten ~Iopes. c~. cr~at~ 
SIt.1tlOrll!f)'. soc .... s <tc. I G~at glh ~al Fr~ catalogl~ 
SAS.E 1391 to · Cntttr care Cent .... P.O . 80. 77. Solana 
a.iICh. CI'I 91075. 
For sar.,: 1969 Jetop ~. 51000 cali ..11m at x4869 
Nordica ski tloot9'ft c~rtificat~ Yourchoic~of~. SIU. 
and color. 5200 or oe.t Call 75~6594 
Oak _ tlW"oom set. Inch~5 cOfllll<t~ <XluI* bed 
w/ head board. 9-dr .......... dresse- w/ r""ror. bureau. 2 
nlgtutands. lamp. less than 2)ofs old. 5295. also. brown 
armchair. 525. lorl 273-0309/488-7490 
0'Nt!i1 full ~uit and Flfinny Fourfin. ~ an off .... 
Scott 45~4894. 
Brtan Bulkley Tnnn for sa~, Conly 4 months old and ~an 
mak~ o~r. a 1$0 HawaIIan shapes lor wI1OIesa~. Call sean 
452-1975. 
PIgs & bumih for sa~1 Dual purpo~ anlmals-Good ~ 
until you'r~ t"~ of 'trnl Call 436-7993. 
8rothOr Ex«utron /!usIrlI!ss TYPf'Wrtttr Gr~at for 
resum<s. 5300. Jm Of Mila 569-94B 7 
VIXIBugsl ·69. ·ba4av .. 1 5500-SI800 45&3531 days Ask 
tor R~. 
r>kw trom racq~l DiMs 520. manual typ<Wrrr~r 520. 
Iron 530. SchwInn ~ 520. Huffy OIk~ SIS -457-5677 

Le~ message to ~mando 
5cirocco 1979 481( platinum m<talltc. runs great 52900 or 
~t offe 45~7Blr call Mon-Fn 9-5 
High-Fil NI'ID 3150 ampIl~. (If!!W 5400. rw:m 51SO; SI~ 
cartridge. rlI!W 5180. OCMI 550 lalmclSt unu~II.1IJ<a1 M -
R20 ~""". rlI!W 52so. now 590; a.c IUrntabl~. ~ 
SI80. now S40 Cal l TC Sounds l 45~6140 
r>kwHeadgrapHt~ edge reml racqU<t 575or~ISt~ 
45~6140. 
Twin mattr~ & tlolUjlnl'1g, less INn I yr old. 545. Small 
~k. Sl5 otlo. Call Phbp 457-5015 
Canon ~nder )I2. Gr~alforsportsandnalUre 575. 
must ~I nowl Ray. 276-7149 niles 
Cornptrt... system "'tiIt'l 1200Xl. Ptrcom "'sic dr"",. 
soltwar~. desk 1600 OO-Call 755-0284 

~ !.. ! I I LII I ., LI...:r 
IWI . .... ~ ~,. 

" I -'f I 
Wanted EECS 7(1, OLD FIN!'.lS Pl<!a~ phont Mark at 
453 57/>1 1.0_ ""'"" and nu~ 

TWISTS W.llNTED ~ ar~ lool"ng for skil"", typists to 
pa(tJClpat~ In an ~xptrlm..nt on coordlnaoon ~ WIll pay 
5500 ptr hOur for ~ SI. hOurs of ~ ~Iment Tht 
~~I~t IS 0rlI! hOur per day for SIX clays. and IMII take 
pIaa In ~ I'5ychoIogj bUIlding For '-irther Informi!tlon. 
cont.1Ct Mk~ aI 452-4348 ldaysl or TOdd at 589-2301 
I""""""JSI 

Mak~ 51400 ~r month tills .ummer. Soutnwest~n CQ Is 
lnteIVIew.ng today-6/6 alLa ..bll .. 1A1~ FIn Room 512 
1.4 and 7pm 
Matl(<t"'9 and Sales lieps AsSOCIate WltIl Naltonill PUtllK 
Company Part ume 01' fUll om.. WIll tratn Ileagt'l'. Top pay 
and bendits Promotion to ~nc 29!r0034.John 
11-S Monday through Fnday 
SOlana ~acn constr & manufaauflng camp ~s 
ent'I'g<t1C )'OUng ptrSon to manage l1li ~ of ofllc~ 
t.1Sks J'l!rson Who et'!JOYS responsIbility & can ~ 
dlr~lon tI1IS comp. IS groWIng rapod~ & this IS an excetl. 
opper. to ent~r & contnbut~ to that d~ TYP'ng. filing. 
pron... payroll. account JcoITl>lJt.r I among othOr slcWs 
roqd Salary co""""",urat. WIth slclll & .~Imc. 75!r 
1>6]3 
Non-smoI<tr I~ attenclant for QI~ U1 wheetchalr. 
Pays 5700-800 Me and shar~ expenses. Call Ban 560-
6146 alt., 5 pm 
Chid car. & hou~ tn e>o::ha~ for room & board 
pc!SSI~ salary ntc~ ~ In Solana 8 75S-5825 
I.Vanted ~ponsl~ Sluderlls avaIlable 10 IMOI1c days or 
tvenlngs Mus t ~ ent/1uSlaStlC. hardworlclng. and able 10 

~al WIth ~ publIC. Exp. helpful I'IppIy In ~on at Taco 
~II 2704 U11\.oers1ty M SO 
~Is. hatrstyhs~ UI ..blla Now Int~rvteWlng for 
portfolIO and posSlbl~ TV appearances HatrOJt esSI!nttal 
at no ~ Contact RIchard aI 454-9612 days. 451·0276 

~ 

~ q"""""z~ ~ Call I?~ at 459-7723-
Pro couple want 1M. adoptiOn 1DVIng horne Call 753-
8857 
~n to tra,n as rKeptJOnlSt and optICan NEED 
FrIendly. ",,",ge!IC. and hOnest 3-4 days Broadway 
OPTOMETRIST UTC. 452-0334 

~ - enthUSiastIC' IIytr people to worlc at La ..blla 
IAIIOIf1'! COI1\IeOimc~ Cenw 54 00;h' ~ .. ~ m ull 
452-9775 
SIIlES/cold call~r . f~ma~ pr~f ~nlngs calling 
prospect!\<!! O....u. ca. Frank 459-0314. 222-S039. 

Room for rent --roommates needed to shar~ condo In La 
..blla colon)! Brand new S235 per person: 453-8939 
2 roommat<s want~ to share mastrr tlW"oom. 5200/mo. 
& 51SO down 151Cn. V. uDIItle. UTC area 45&9443-
W ... NTED· Unfum. 3 BR or Irg. 2 8R houSI!. Padlic ~act1. 
Clairemont. lJt'11\.oers1ty CIty. MiSSion a.acn ... eas. Approx 
5I>SO/mo UCSO employed. ~~mc<s Jan. 452-341>6 
days. 452-8654 M5 
Chid car~ & nousewor1c In mhange for room & board 
possI~ salary nic~ ~ in Solana B. 75~ 5825. 

Pr_~. fUmisned room In tIMO bKlroom apa~_ 
La ..blla \Allage Squar~ a...allat* .June 15. Looktng tor 
~I~ IOngiertn occupant Fun place short walle to 
campus call Narges soon at 45&1218. CIaoI 
I or 2 roommateS to snar~ ~ msu Dam or own room In 
~auDfUl rlI!W La Jolla Colony condo Mtcrwv. fpIc. 
laundry. vcr Rent 522~ 3OO/mo !Wall 6/15 Call1Jsa. 452-
8934 or Slmmone. 28/r1>079 ~ rI)Ing. 
Roommat~ want~ fern. matur~. shar~ qUIet '1uxury 
condo" -You /liNe large mst bdrm, Pr bath. completely 
fUmlShed. cOl-TV. wash/r;:y.... pool. jaq. lemis. RDalI. 
S<!Curlty parking. UC ar~ .. 457-3583 27(}-8345 S450/mo 
inciud<s util & all. "'vail 6--16-

~SI!e Highlands condO 3 bdrm. 2 oatil tennis at . & 
jaCUUI SbOO/mo. MJSt It!asel Call Glenn 452-9952-
Masttr oqr In I..t1IV ~t 5285/mo "1'1 unl ~It*. 

d~an. nonsmoktr. S<!CUrlty. pool . .... vatl 7/1 or ~~ Gary 
450-1579 
La Jolla PIayhous~ ~ sUrrm<!r hOuSIng' SUbl<t:s. 
rental$. roommates. 1'Igr~ Signed Call Carol 452-
671>0 
SpacIOus houSl! ,n PB. C~ walle to ~ach & Oily. 5 bdrms. 
1100 ~posk. 5200 ptr room .. 1/5 util. tWall for 85-86 
school year. No Sl.OTYl1tr rentals I 453-2654. 
Fall renlal ~t·May Fum. ocntrnt ocn/bily VItW aplS 
studio 5320/mo I or 552~55O 2 or 577~BSO 3 br 51200. 
Parking laundry faollry 5200 10 hold untt tIMO months. 
Rent requw~ prior occupancy 4S!r7319 tN. 
I.oo'""ng for ~~ to fill our un!. 2 bd/ I Y.tba apartment In 
CIa".mont 555/mo. • ut ~ar target SUmmer on~1 
laundoy. pool. r~ room. Jacuzzo. 0Ilq. MJst filii Call45~ 
5562 or 453- 7819 anyti~ 
Ibommat<s ~d how call Bntta 457-3541 5300 to 
shar~ or S400 for ~ rlI!W condo all fumlShed 
Room want~. UCSO woman grad srudent Sl!eking 
.....,man or famIly IMI/1 ~.ua room and yard for 2 clogs. 30 
and 40 Ills IIlso ny husband. a worlung PhD. WIll stay 
Wltll ~ ulldl sr.lrting post-doctorat~ appointment In 

~t WkdJys 452-2862, otl1<!rw!s~ 452·4349. 
~ma~ roommat.want~lor 6/15 to 9/15 In Mira Mesa . 
Shar~ !g~ ~room 52oo/mo. Call J .D. 581r-0452 Ne. 
Del MAR ~ for one month only . ..ItJn<! 15 to J.J~ 15. 
Furroshed room In ocean ..,;"w condo rlI!ar ~;och 1111 
amtM~-pooI. jilcuul. mlcrow~ 1325. Call 481-0560 
afttr 6 pm. 
2 Ibonmat<s want~ to shar~ room MaI~ or fema!. 
ronsmoi<tr S185/mo Ist/lasl & 1/4 utJhors Uw CIty 
Ge1. HgIlIands. Call 458-1793-
Mol'" roommat~ want~ to shar~ room in fastllonabl~ 
condo at Pin<> of La .b11a.jacuzzl . pool. sauna. raqUl!tball. 
non smoI<tr S200/mo & ~ & 1/4 UlJIW<s St_. Kalman 
or ~~ 458-9830 ....,atla~ Imltll!doat~~ 

3roommatesneededtoshar~ a~auofUl4 tlW"oom U.C 
hOus~..ItJn<!I6--~t 5310/rro & 1/5utllttl<sforownroom 
Of 529S/rro & 1/5 UlIl,tJes to shar. mast., ~oom """ 
455-0584 ..." 
w .... VI1D lor only F~II or F.oI1 and IXiInt~r .• room ISlngle or 
>har~1 Dan"'I~ 4 55-5621 ~sage 

~oom. ~n wil/1 full batll in La ..blla. Partlal~ furnished 
Pr",a~ entrant< No kltchon prMIeges but ~ical 
appllanc<s OK. 5350.00. Call 456-1880 NON SMOKER 

~onmIt~ want~ Oy />/15/85-MaIr or ~. 
~auDful \/Ilia Europa condo Many amenitl<S p,.~ 
gractJatlng ser'lor or gradoJat~ S325 for own room GIll 
Greg at 457-467B -. . 

~ roommat~ want~ for SUtmltr. Own room 
w/""'t~ 52SO & 1/4 uOI UC at~a Call 45~0'/52 
anytime 
Surm->e' Rrntal Ftrnale to shar~ room In La ..blia Condo. 
A:lol JOCUllI. good locatIon- Rent 5230 450-9052. 
8fACH LMNG W~ need 2 m/f to shar~ room In Mission 
8eacn apt .-t fall tIYu JPfIng 2 ~ !g. kitchon. 

fir~plac~. ~;och 1Iitw. Sound fun 7 Cill Usa/Manc¥ at 4 53-
9804/452-7946 now! 16/61 

~ rmrnt~ ~ to share mstr bdrm CHef SUITVTIef. 5215 
& 1/3 utll Call Chris at 457-4096. 

800bl Purson Typ'ng-Ed't,ng Exc~tlonal work. 
~llZlng in rush ordrrs Manusulpt clients Inciucr 
Harvard EconomtSt Musgr~. lx::SC Enw~ 
SWdi<s Dasmann. Former cor~nt TIr1Y & Fortunt 
1Ippr~ Oy ~ 1..l1t\Ie'sity of Chicago ThtSiS Offlc~ 
Rntshe:l qualIty b<!tl ... than most lM)I'd-proc<SSlng. IBM 
CorrKting 5etKtflC. 10 mtII. trom campus. 274-2659 
IMlrd Proc~lng ~xc~11ent rates guaranI....:! trror fr~ 
rushJObS lor final proJKlS Susun 457-4169 _~ momng 
or lal~ ~ 
Top DI~ Sl!aetartal ~. r<sume. Manuscrip!S 
Sludtr't rates. ILbrd proctsstng DIarlI! 481 .... ,60. 
TWING/ItORD PROCESSING' m;rty ~ styles to 
chooSI! tom. spelling and punctuatIOn trrors COfrect~. 
ptck-l4' and ct.1ivefy. qualIty II\IOrI(, FI'ISTnI 52/page 
ldoubl~ spac~l. Call Intrr~ Mtcro Systrms at 452-
9949 
T}PIng' IBM/rush joOs/~tong/fast. profesSlONI r<sults. 
453-01>51> or 29tr 7333 ShIrl. 
I.Ii'ORO PROCESSING. Fast seMCr. 51 SO/page. I pickup & 
~I ....... Andt laur""", 179-8056. 
PI1OFESSlONI'Il n'PING. IM:>rd Proasslng & TapI' 
Transcription. ~asonaIlIr rates. Tht i<"Y IM:>rd, 459-5818. 

Blx~ 'itecr_laI~ I)pIIlgI ~~--IMh 
Job< Spt!OaIty/15yrs. ~"P"'. La..blla 457-3842-
T}PIng' IBM/tiUSH ..o&S/EDmNGIFMT. f'r<*ssioniII 
rrsUlll/453-0656 Of zw,.. 7333 Shari. 
.... NEED FOR ... n'PIST1l1eason11*. ~. l'Iccu.-. 
Call K.1tt'ir 5 76-1277. 

~ b an -...... 90'1(, IS premtalion. IBM word 
procesIng SI 25/pg. spetIcheck. Your ~'y 75~ 3252-
IBM IX.<lRO PROCESSlf\KVEdoung. Fasl/acaJ(at~. PIck 
up/~I..,r UCSO. Call ~ at 453-7511. 
Sl\.OENT SUMMER Sl'ECw. ~ )'OUr oesumr 
~ typed. Includes 20 copies ~ ~. 
F= consuIatlOfl for format. Student 10 requi~. Call ~ 
2369 
Bet T)!ling and Edttong 01 yout pIpM. 51. SO ptr pagr. 
Fast. court""'" sevia Elainr. 214-0329. 
TWING/II(.QRO PROCESSING-For llllyout rypingrll!eds 
call Barbara at 45+ 7614. IMtl joOs acaplC<t 
..... 8EST 1WtNG/EDtnNG-lhese. papers. mss. 
resum<s Y~ar-rOUnd .Jane 698-7635. 

BEWSHI says: TQG.\rTOGI\JTc:oG'Il ~ar 0rlI! & cIanc~ to 
OtIs Day & lhe Ni(1lts. Fri at 4 
SOIMPI-UII,htng you luck on finals Is'! in ~ bad< row. 
you'II <10 bettrrl. ~ ya ow:r summer. MustYootTman. 
Usa -Thanks lor ~ng such a gr~at iii SIS Tak~ car~ this 
surnrne.- and enJOY su~ San DIego II4>ha lDve. UI. 
Karen ... Happy b<tay Logal at last. ~. 1'Inn. Gall. & 

Jrnnj~ 

Yo Guldol Don't you . forget aboul ~. Don·t. don·t. 
don't-ThI! Nt~ 
No por mucho macrugar iIfNI'l«es mas trempildo Que 
sl. q~ SI. que IS, te quoe'e • tJ . 
Pano. Bartl. and Marganrll!-lMng WIth you has ~ 01>-
so-funl ~ a nK~ surnrne.- Guess who. 
Nan-<:ongrats on ~-thanks 4 being a gr~at 
rcl()f~1 Happy B-day & GradualJon alpha lIN ytf Itl-SIS 
My rellow ... Olll'lnc;"nts all good thongs must C~ to an 
fflCJ ~ in touch. and p,"_ send c;.,.~ol. '''''''' you all 
~arly. and can'l tIlInk 01 iII'¥JO" etSl! I'd rathrr wast. ny 
youth with IIlpha klvI!. I<osnnarl 

~Ita Sog J SmIth and Chucldes. k~ tl)'lng to ,"arn how 
to parry I'll drInk U boch under ~ t.1t*II ~ a rad 
surnrne.- & worIc on those punty 5COr<s" ~ ya around lIN 
ya "'011. laura. 
.Jrrny 8rOWrll!-Thaniu for being such a ~ Iii sis this 
past ~arl I'll miss you I Good luck nect year. ~ ""'" and 
rme.UI. 

~ar ChrIS & Jom-Tht otllc~just Isn't ~ same withoul 
)'OU. C~ Oy and say hi mor~ ollen W. ""'" you. Tht 
1Jt'anusGang 
Four ~ars IS too short a time to sprnd among such 
wonde-lul tnmds Thanx tor ~ prIc .... s trrrnOriesll ""'" 
all 01 you In a special 1N#i. but ..b & B ~ ~testl Tht 
SlSltItIood 01 ... 0111$ tor ~I Nans 
To ny DeIt.1 g bfg brClS ~ng an unofIioai III sis & 
watchtng you grow has ~ an ~~It'OC~ Yov ar~ r~al 
men & SO Wlldl Tak~ car~ of my ... 011 sisttrs ali~r I 
9ra<1Jat~ IDve & kls~ -Nancy S XOXOX 
-Am & ~od · · ~Ita SOgs gll)'5ln ~n ,hell 01 a qui H~ a 
rad. partjlng su~r /I know u IMIII t.1ke car~ & I'll I~ U 
around good luck on finalsllOlo'" alw¥ your "'011. laura 
Ithat·s l · 11 

Chrl$ & ..tim-Delia Sgs~ tilt ~ ~t SUfl'>"llrr & 
r~ me while you r pwIyIngll Good luck on tina. 
~I~ Chns ~ party starts ill 10'01. TUesday. ~ 
thOr., lDve always your 1'1011 Party Bud 
T Bit was 1'1011 ~ to \MIte in ~ Guardian & I was 
thinkIng or U. R~ "'" when you 'r~ at horne. I ioIIe 
)'OU Iotsl From ADII to Phi Del .n lDve liways EIIee1 
WIshIng all my ... 011 SIsters an awesome sunmer I ~ In 
touch IIlpha ~ and 1tlSI!s. Mchrlle 

~-Tht WIeSt Delta Sig-lhanks 4 "Iune" at ~ PUO-
ar~ U trustlNOrthy yeO t.ov from the ADII In biu nIt~ 
To all ny trlends 1\Ie made tIYu ~ years n lanks-;ou\Ie 
pol"'" me thrul kmj /Chlpl 8'~ 
To allmy "'01l5lstl!ll: ~1I~ sum_I rmgonna mISS 
ya Iotsl "'1phI ""'" and rooe. butterDean 
Oo!r I was arnodst ~ ~t ~II In 1'1011 thanks SiSters I 
alpha klvI! you SO muchl -'* 
Than. Barbara for ~nga fun """'* & anUfSl! tool 'Ibu're 
a grM IN SIS ~ ya lots Ihos ~ 
lorl C-Good kick In COO-U ... H <loa gr.atjob.1'IImlss 
you ioIIe always C.B. PS rome C ~-50 1'mtr1Ca. 
l.r51;"-1 ""'" y~1 'Ibu ~ ~ world's ~at~t roomI~1 I'll 
miss you this surnrne.-I AtiI""lobet. no MU lOll PIe. 
To all the html/llt'S & sorontles IIlphii Omtcron PI 
~Xltnds ~I IMShes for a fun ftllrd """"",,,II 

~-Congratulatlons-!lOl.T-her~ u gall ~ a 
gr~aI Gradl C u at ~ Par-I II4>ha ~ 9art>al'.-
... 04 ......... 
To ~ J<IIe9abfe5-Hetenr F. MoChel'" P Nancy S SU~ S. 
~h T. lorI C. Happi Ikliry 10\1. alptla o'sll" 
congratulat!ons-~ Slclre. susan Chanty Ito: m.tr 
engagements Nol to 9C1 othtrl ~ I\Jpha Omtcron PI 

var...~ and Mc/1et,". I WIll rTIISS you thos SUf1Yl1<'r It was 
~at ~ng fritnds ... th you. lDII! K. 
5I!mrau Krau~ Oarlc Now ~ fUn r~ally begIns~ 
~-you IMlnl find betltr p.apk! ~~I 
lhanIcs tor ~ fun ames Good 1Udc/1MItCh out for ~ 
Stal"'lDII!-TlnajlQdar/N!og/1llor11l.ll rat gt'1IM1 

MaI<~ SI400 per month this SUfTVIlOr Soutl1wl!Stem Co IS 
inteMeWlng today-6-6 a La ..bIIi 1A1I. m Room 512 
1. 4 and 7 pm. 
Karina ny ioIIe. thank you tor )<lUI' ~ and support this 
~ar. lcan·l_tor~rounoonll"'Ulw¥bel'ou,unq 
)'OU" a1orll!-_hI!r you "Ier It or notl Fo.- togI!her. 
Trent 'TJ" WrIt. 
Helpl GradUatIng _ rlI!eds to rnD\Ie aDout 15 Dalles 
and a DIU to IMlodIand HIlls. IlIA. pay 5SO b door-ll> 
door mtM on or ~ before ..une 16 Keep Ir)Ong 58 7-
0628. please. 
Congratulatkn Gldgetl .AJter ill these years. 1Vtge. 
)'OU'1Ir tINIly done It. 
res 'obI.!1'" ~ CM was a 101 01 fun.vlther !hng-lIIohatlf 
you <10,1'1 hNr me SNp my IIngI!n lDII! you. m.. 
MaNIIII-.Aat IIeaIar )'OU\Ie Il!en II1ilIiIII!d does nol 
IIWM1 )'OU can IDrg« about)QUl' DIg sisl -. cIo I 9"1 a 
bide rub? Good IudI on InIIs c1Jdr1 IDts 01 ioIIe. lorI. 
HOTEL Cl'lUFOINIA II his IlftIl ~ great ye .... l.en k~ 
~ spirit 1M and flawing. ..- a ~at SUfTVIlOr. Tht 
Il9rCIrd ManIac 01 Etl ICipplligN aIca Cr~ blber 
etc. 

To all my friencI5 and acquaInIances-you ShoUld know 
Who)'OU _~ espeoaItymy 1IlCIII'IIWeS-~ tor 
maldng this)lN' so ~ ~,grutlUllYlllr GtIDM W 
"ley HI. 
'It> JEROME$; __ hot Fndaynla! or _, cas r1glt 
Kangas. I think that _ knowl Ellen thou!1> I probaIlIy 
won't ~ here nect)lN'. I'm stili Jerome #5. c00l7 no 
replacements cusInsIcIs. that would ~ onIonheadiSh. 
shilmauo7 ~ Yf'''' , .... o,1't ~ ~ wme WIthout you g..tyS 
but saIIr "'" some SI!XIes whrn , ... >11 alnght71 I'm ouna 
her~-80zuti. p S. ~ you in Pasley Park 
Cheap I'Iudi w/ 351 & mags. DVT bear. /}ou pr~ ~ 
tt:IN trudell 
Kathleen· HIppy 811lhday a 'Nee bit ear~1 

~-To ~ !leSt big bro. Congrats on graduation & 
Good luck at med 5dIooI. Your _ oro-C.s. 

Happy borthdIIy to happy Ilirtha)I to you. happy 
llirthdoy Dell Stu. happy 00rthdIy 10 )'OUI Thanks tor 
maldng this yell l!Jdta special. rm goma miss you soooo 
muchIP.S. happy 7th~IHugskissesandtl!ars. T. 
To ~ boyS 01 ChilI~ you g..tyS _ angels I Nevtr tetl a 
girl w ·s skinny If you.~ tl)'lng to insuft. !hat was ~ 
s-'-'test ~ment 1\Ie ga~ aII}'YI'llDveya~. 
Suzie of Galachea. 
Donna-happy 1'i!I1 birthday. You are more than any 'PI 
could IMsh for In a girlfriendll ""'" you. lDve. DiMd. 
DI!DDoe-happy l'ith blrthdayl 'obi.! ar~ ~ ~ and I ~ 
you IIrry muchl HIppy ~In I !eM jOu. Bon. 
To tI1r person who dietl't SIgn m.tr Koala prrsoNIlast 
Fndo1lyl How MEAN ar~ )'OU 11 A¥1By IS fUn. bul heyl 
SHOW THYSELF" 1i1 Tuesday. I'm Hlbollld M~ that. 
. ? ~ )'OU thtr~ /lick. 

f'anhetk!nic lhanks all who partJdpat~ and ~ out at 
our \ItloI t~ congrads to ~ WIOrll!rs. 'ideoul 
2m spO<~ pLnh 2 3rd taIt~ a hitl 

Lost: Ie")" w IIt'Iephone CXlId key chain ~ 587-01>90. 
LOst: ~ In ~ IaIl In N'M or l1J-i TUesday I.Vt 28 
please call 457-3074 _dl 
IDSI. \M)man's gold nng WIth lOur rubles. " found please 
call Lori at 45~9803 tor .-... d 
found. I CaIcuIacor on Mlndioy. May I~ in I'lL Ca1l45&-
1880 and Idtntofy rTlOct.I & approx. tome of lOss 
LOsI 5/29 \Ml~~ cotton I»g-contents Sl.R \Al.4ta1' 
camera. Iens<s, assort~ canera & lens c,"antng goods 
Call Moc",,",1 483-9116 or 270-4389 
IDst Sharp SOb calculator last _. probably in Sn.102 
found p,"_ call Gabriela 453-987B 
Fovnd a flng Call to IcIentll» 587-023) 
IDst ~ s ~ns; ball the Slt·,n7 ~ ~ It 213 4356. 

ERFUNAT 

,,, 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

A..od.te Editor 
CHRIS YOU NG 

Contributinll Editon 
ETHAN FEERST. JOAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HI,.). 

JAMES RALPH' PMI' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN . RODDY 
BeVIl W A. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. JOHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

RUGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial: 4S2-6S8O 
Advertilinl= 4S2-3466 

Hiac~ is publishl!d ewry 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or use wit hout wri tten 
pc:rmission of any portion of 
this magazine IS.a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited lerrt:rs. 
manuscripts. and artwork . but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. SenJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016. La Jol/a , CA. 92093 

Contents 
New Coke: Carbonated 
water, high gructose corn 
syrup and/or sucrose, 
caramel color, phosphoric 
acid, nat u r a I fl a v 0 r s , 
caffeine. 

Fritol ................. : .. 
Corn, vegetable oil, corn oil, 

peanut oil, soybean oil, 
sunflower oil or partially 
hydrogenated sunflower oil. 

Pavdav· ............. , ... . 
Peanuts, sugar, corn syrup, 

skim milk solids, partially 
hydrogenated soybean oil, salt, 
egg albumen, mono 

M&MI .................. . 
Milk chocalate, sugar, 

peanuts, corn starch, corn 
syrup, gum acacia, artificial 
colors, dextrin. 

Henhey" ............... . 
Sugar, chocalate, cocoa 

burrer, and soya lecithin, an 
emulsifier. 

This Hiatus is for Smoke, Robinson 

University Bookstore 

BOOK BUY BACK 

-DATES-
June 12, 13, 14 

Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
8:00 am - 4:30 pm 

June 15 
Saturday 

10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

Cash offered for your 
used textbooks during finals 

So long Sweetheart 
Who do I blame! Some time ago a couple of slightly inebriated folks 
de~ided to create Hiatus. Three frightful, delightful and mostly 
twIsted years later, I am abandoning ship. It is not without regret and 
pity for '!ly successor (s~cker) that I hand over the only known key 
to the Hiatus Bar &. Gnll and sometimes arts magazine. 

.There are ~ny people to thank and blame for the great state of 
\ Huuw, most Importantly the writers. To all of you who put up with 
us ~s editors because you had to; the dedicated few who came up with 
arncles out of the blue when we were on the edge of despair and those 
who stuck around for the whole ride, I salute you. 

Thank you readers, whoever you are. 
In~inite thanks are due to the different departments and public 

relanons people who have made my job easier and more enjoyable 
(not to mention improving my social life with tons of freebies). 

Typesetters, production workers. photographers and the rest of 
the Guardian staff have been equally responsible for the well-being of 
our weekly rag. I guess we'll stop lobbying to make the Guardian an 
insert. of Hiatus. Last, and probably not least. my friends, pets, 
sup~hers, Mom,,, Dad, Bro, Sis (more freebies) and Smokey 
Robinson whose Tears of a Clown" carried me through those 3:30 
am nights. 

After three years I deserve to toss a few pot shots. To the person 
who "borrowed to hUr:'dreds of movie stills from our files, I hope you 

. get your head stuck In a Hoover vacuum while your toes are being 
severed in a Waring blender on "chop," naked in a rainstorm. Bitter? 
Moi. No applause goes to the writers who don't know a deadline 
from a ~~adline, and a paragraph from a telegraph. 

Hey, It s been fun. I wouldn't trade it for aU the free passes in my 
desk; albums, on the other hand ... 

Enjoy life, eat out more often. 

Thank you: Chril, Tim,John, Ash. Val. Linda,Scott, Peter. Paulboy Shendl Tom 
Flem. Pee, Phil. ~lc:e , ~ikel, Ted, Joan, Rona, Canole, Harry. Sav: AI. Jan: JOIie: 
Randy, Nora, Bona, Usa. Caty. Carl. Sharon. James, Robert, Art, Mark, Slim. 
Roddy. Joe, Karla, Clydene. Kel. Alan, Lori, Ruth, Und., Fred, lynne &. the UEO 
gang • . B.} .• Vesna: Rena. The Breakfast Club, Wee Suk, C .W., Geigs, South 
Amen<:-, Colu",'bia: The Glrl~ at the Bambi Club. Ser[lio. The Freak BrOl., Qlarter 
Beer Nleht. the 8+ 85 Guardian staff and the relt of the derelicts and drifters (you 
know who you are, Dave). 

VISUAL 
ARTS 

F all Quarter 
Schedule Changes 

V.A. 15S-The Genre Series-canceled 
replaced with 

V.A. lSI-History of Experimental Film 
Professor Standish Lawder 

V.A. ISO-Documentary Media-canceled 
replaced with 

V.A. 177-Scripting and Editing Strategies 
Professor Jean-Pierre Gorin 

V.A. 187-Animation-New Course Added! 
. MW 12:00-2:50 

Professor Standish Lawder 
V.A. 1280 with Professor Teilhet-Fisk 

is "Folkisms in Contemporary Art" 

V.A. 126D-Art of Southwest American Indians 
TTh 1-2:20 

Professor T eilllet -Fisk 

V.A. 127D-Primitivism/Exoticism-canceled-

La Jolla's theatrical wonderland 
By JOAN FORSBERG 

It doesn't look much like the 
Great White Way of New York City. 
There is no neon. No urban throb. 
But the UCSD campus is the site 
where a current Broadway hit 
musical was created. 

In the eucalyptus grove south of 
Revelle Coleee stands the quiet 
wood and glass Itructure of UCSD's 
Mandell Weiss Center for the 
Performing Arts, the summer home 
of the La Jolla Playhouse. The 
Playhouse is a 38-year old institution 
with a tradition of theatrical 
excellence. 

The work of the Playhouse wal 
recognized Sunday evening in New 
York City, as the musical developed 
at the Playhouse last summer swept 
the Tony Awards . Playhouse 
Artistic Director Des McAnuff's 
production of Big River, a rollicking · 
musical adaptation of Mark Twain's 
Adtlenrures of Huckleberry Finn, 
garnered seven Tony Awards out of 
ten nominations. The awards 
received included best musical of the 
year, best director for McAnuff, best 
book for playwright William 
Hauptman, and best score for 
composer Roger Miller. Big RitJeT 
also earned awards for best actor in a 
musical. outstanding scene design, 
and outstanding lighting ' design, 
which went to UCSD Drama 
Department Chairman Richard 
Riddell. 

The progression of Big Riw:r from 
its earlier formulative state at the 
American Repertory Theater in 
Boston to the La Jolla Playhouse last 
summer and on to the Eugene 
O'Neill Theater on Broadway this 
past April marks the tale of a few 
people with a vision. Playhouse 
Artistic Director McAnuff was 

Arcucic: director Oa McAnuff 
(abow) and hil Tony AWClrd. 
winnirlc plGy 'Big Riwr.' 

when 
hill 

ncalnated 
IIIICdoG was, ttl 

want CD talk about 't." 
SUdcIenly, he hItbecome the talk 
of the theater iMuatrv. 

To be norninM.ed is itself a great 

involved in the project trom the 
start. His decision to use the 
Playhouse as a nuturing ground for 
the production is an example of his 
determination to develop a world-
class performing center here in La 
Jolla, where the finest theater artists 
in the country can work on their 
crafts away from the competitive 
pressures of the commercial theater. 

This vision dates back to 1947, 
when three Hollywood stars 
dreamed of creating a professional 

This vision dates back to 1947, 
when three Hollywood stars 
dreamed of creating a professional 
summer stock theater away from the 
tinsel town atmosphere of 
Hollywood. Gregory Pecic, Mel 
Ferrer, and Dorothy McGuire 
invited their HoUywood friends to 

SUMMER JOBS! 
. 

GET YOURS LINED UP 
BEFORE FINALS! 

• Make $l400/mo INTERVIEWS TODAY 
• Valuable Experience JUNE 6 
• Travel 

1,4, & 7 pm 
La Jolla Village Inn 

PLEASE BE PROMPT The Southwestern Co. 

...... , ........... ., 
tIIIICC ... it 10 ..... _mlf ... 
........... ......, .. 
, ......... .., ........ 
.. ...... 4l:1li •• 

n.e cia" Wen rhe .. June 
....., FE .d _enaeIy .. , no 
dciUk 1'hea came the .. 
indication at vblry • lUddeII 
WOIl the New York Drama Detk 
award for belt liahana. Still 110 
word from our IUpenddoua 
chafr. 

On Sunday, to no one'. 
surprile but hil own, Ridden won 
hit profeuion', high.eat 
distinction. 

-Art Salazar 

take a respite from their film careers 
and come to La Jolla to perform 
before a live audience. Movie mogul 
David O. Selznick lent them money 
to get started. Soon the quiet seaside 
resort of La Jolla became the 
vacation home of a list of stars that 
read like "Who ' s Who of 
Hollywood in the Forties and the 
Fifties. " 

Jose Ferer, Joseph Cotten, Ethel 
Waters, Vincent Price, Olivia de 
Havilland, Tallulah Bankhead, James 
Mason and Groucho Marx were 
among the stars who appeared on the 
modest stage of the La Jolla High 
School auditorium. Time Magazine 
acclaimed back then that the La Jolla 
Playhouse was "the nation's most 
star-studded summer theater." 

The core fuu nde rs of the 

- ~ 

Ton, Awcmi winner Richard Ridell 

Pia yhouse had grander vIsIons 
however . They wanted to create a 
state-of-the-art performing center in 
which these leading actors and 
actresses could work. Former 
Revelle College Provost Roger 
Revelle was attracted to the project, 
and UCSD allocated university land 
for the construction of the theater to 
the Theater arid Arts Foundation, 
the parent organization of the 
Playhouse. 

Lack of sufficient funds caused the 
Playhouse to suspend operation in 
the 1960's, but the Board of 
Directors remained intact and 
involved in making their vision of a 
permanent home for the Playhouse a 
reality . Michael Langham was 
brought to La Jolla to head the 
Playhouse, and he worked to unite 
the Playhouse goals with those of the 
newly-established Drama Depart-
ment. 

The vision of building a world-
class theater in La Jolla took almost 
20 years to realize. In 1980, the 
Playhouse directors had finally 
raised enough money to begin 
ground-breaking for the performing 
facility of the caliber the founders of 
the Playhouse had desired. San 
Diego businessman Mandell Weiss 
donated the remaining 1.2 million 
dollars needed to complete the 
theater on the corner of Torrey Pines 
Road and La Jolla Village Drive. 

The highly creative, energetic and 
youthful McAnuff was appointed as 
Artistic Director. He brings to the 
Playhouse his experience as a 
director, composer, and playwright 
with Joseph Papp's New York 
Shakespeare Festival and the 
Stratford Festival in Ontario. The 
revived LaJoila Playhouse opened its 
doors in the summer of 1983 with a 
challenging staging of Bertolt 

pletue t14m to pa,e 5 

- ___ - - __ ~ - - - ---- - - I 
- - - ~----- - - - -

Summer Session 1985 
REGISTRATION 

Classes are beginning to fill up so 
register tocfay. Registration 

deadline: Wednesday, June 19, 
1985. For a free catalog come by 
the Summer Session Office, 101A, 

M-F 8-4:30. 

2 HidtJu June 6, 1985 June 6, 1985 Hiatus 3 

\ ~ 



By ALICIA AGOS 
Perfect is an awfully showy film. It 

shows a lot of Jamie Lee Curtis. And, 
unfortunately for some of us, not as 
much of John Travolta. 

Anything but tperfect' 
Before I dig into this film too 

much, I should admit that this is an 
entertaining flick. But that's one of 

the prool e ms with Perfec t. 
Producer / director J ames Bridges 
and Aaron Latham, who also wrote 
the screenplay, try to deliver a deep 

The 'Perfect' aaobics oflamK Lee Curtis and the not.a u.vrvkrful ethics ot Jann 
Wenner, Anne De Salro andJohn Trawha 41 the wulk and superfacialreporter. 

WHERE-HOW? 
Contact Denis Alexander at 

4 HiabLS June 6, 1985 

7978 Balboa Avenue 
(Betwun 805 and 163) 

San Diego, California 
(619) 560-9001 

moralistic message via a largely 
surface film. 

John Travolta (our Satuday Night 
Fever hero) stars with his cleft chin as 
Adam, "a determined journalist 
from Rolling Stone Maga~ine who 
puts h~s stories before anything 
else," according to the press packet. 

The film itself says something a 
little different. What Adam ends up 
putting before his stories is the sleek 
Miss Curtis, who stars as the top-
notch aerobics instructor Jessie 
Wilson. The plot has Adam covering 
three different stories: a trend piece 
on the current health club boom, an 
interview with a businessman 
accused of cocaine dealing and a 
profile of a writer living in North 
Africa. Bridges wanted to show how 
our hero comes to terms with both 
the rights as well as possibilities of a 

journalist. However, it is Adam and 
Jessie's stormy romantic saga which 
overshadows the moral of the story; 
defending the right to be whatever 
one perceives as "perfect." 

Though ~he movie is horrendous-
ly mistitled, it is, at times, engaging .. 
Curtis must have worked out like a 
maniac for months before shooting 
began, consequently she has not one 
ounce of untoned muscle on her. In 
fact, almost all the people in this 
movie are quite athletic. 

The movie ends up being a huge, 
feature-length promo for Rolling 
Stone magazine (with real-life R.S. 
editor Jann Wenner playing fictional 
editor Mark Roth captaining a 
$500,000 re-creation of the 
magazine's offices) and the sports 
connection in Los Angeles. 

I TOYOTA '. ~VOlJ(S ~s 
,... • ,.. (regUty $80.00) 
Inke job __ , 
1. Install spICiII __ or 

Install ,.. Inke shoes 
2 [)ra,n old InIce fl\lid 
3. Inspect c:aqJlete hylhutoc system 
4. Refill hyGIUIic fluid 
5. III.-IlIIIirt InIce system 
6. ~t 1nJnt (~ INns) nI ,.. sholl 
7. AIpIIce 1nJnt Altor IIIIIs 

(with rotor IIIn) 
e. IIoId IeIt 
Male: HyGUic 1*Is n not included 

(~.ty $325.00) 
Honda, Toyota, Datsoo (nol Z models) 
;nI Volks tytle t , 2 & 3 
We replace 
1 Transmission inpul shalt seal (except Hondas) 
2. Pressu-e lUte 
3 Clutch disc 
4 Tlv'ow out benig 
5 P,lot beR1gs 
6 New tr.IMIissioI, 011 
7 Road test 
Nole HyGUic pans are not cowred 

"'--parta 
• AIle ...... our IpICIII ,... 

tor •• ' ....... 

...... T __ Up~ 
SpBCIII .135 ("II. $80.00) 
0.. III1hIp incIudII. lui men thin 1III1n. 
It indudII: 
1. SpP plugs 
2. Dis1riIIutor points 
3. CondenIers 
4. AdjUSI timing 
5. Adjust dMII1 .. 
6. CIIICk & ,....." III 

fluid & oil ..... 
7. CIIICk InkeI 

8 Check clutch 
9. CIIICk lights 

1 0 Checic 1IIdIr-
criIgt 10r damIgIIs 

1 t ChecIc cooling 
system & '-

12. Ao.d test 

M&IOr S8rvIce (2e-point, 
Spacial $99(..prty$I30.00) 
0.. mIjor t~ incIudII 15. CIIICk & ... 

1. Col, ...... , test ... billS 
2. VIIYe ~UlIIIlInI 16. l .. fnInt end 

...... _ : 17. CIIICk & ripIeniIh III 

.......... ffuid & oil ..... 
3. Vllve - \llSkll . t8. CIIICk .... 4. Spn plugs. . 
5. Distributor points, 19. CIIICk clutch 
6 Condensers, 20. Check lights 
7 A~ ,,11., 21 . Checic lJ1dertarriage 
8. Oil filt., for damages 
9 Gas filter and 22 Checic & rechqe 

10 Engine oil battery it neceswy 
1 t Adjust liming 23 Checic tIre p!'1ISSIft 
12. A~t dwell angle 24 Lube door hlllOlJS 
13. A~t cartuetor 25 Check cooling system 
14 Adjust air & Iue! & hoses 

rat,o milctlft 26 Road test 
Note: 1. lor 6-cylinder Cln nI Rabbits, DiSIlerS. 
Sciroccos, & FiMs, add S20 Toyota Supras iIdd SJO 
Da1SU1 200SX wi'" 8 spn plugs iIdd 535. 2. MIfCI 
t .... ups for VW (Except vans & squnbadcs later "'-' 
1972). Beetles, 1972 and later S80 and poor to '72 
570 3. 'or VW Things nI KMmann Ghias-only $60 

..... W8I1I_. 2..,.. or .... _ ......... ..., 
longest _tv in to'Ml-1llClpllllle-Ups, wIIid1l1M I e·\IIOIIIII ..... Appoin1mlnls /TIlde dImg the 

Yalidily of the ads will stiM be good aft ....... We can ~ yau IIItIIIInt .... from OIJ' satisfied customers 
PIeIse call10r """her onfGllllllion & appoin!J'*IIS. This", is good only lor the «:In "*1tionld Ibove 
.................... , .................. ,. 

overseas 
Automotive Repairs 
•• 4 ••••• 

Towtng a. NIOta! car OIIOWabIe. 
0Ifet good orYy IIYou<11 June 30, 1985 
Hcus: Mondov-fftdav 7'30 affi-6:00 pm 

CIoIed Sunday 
8808 Miramar Rd ''S" 6f6.t990 

Cotl for appointment r-ow. 

-

School year 
ends on a 
tdram.atic' 
forum. 

By ART ALAZAR 
UCSD's 1984-85 theater season 

closes with a free variety show at 12 
and 6:30 pm tonight in the Warren 
Theater. Eighteen students from 
Luther James' Intermediate Acting 
class will sing and recite d ramatic 
monologues, the culmination of a 
year's training, hoping to impress an 
audience made up offamily, friends, 
casting directors and advanced 
acting instructors. 

Professor James, who has directed 
four previous recitals, believes in 
each of his students. He says they 
have worked very hard finding 
pieces that display talent. "The 
recital offers snatches of gripping 
moments in the theater. The pieces 
range from Euripedes to Maxwell 
Anderson." 

Ludvr Jama and his.hUIenu: Trainin, young actors is a gradfyi"ll ~ 

Each of the actors has prepared 
seven-minute programs that are 
bound by a related theme. Brian 
Jauregui, one of two "producers" in 
the class whose job is to supervise 
everyone's progression, has named 
his show "Attending to the Better 
Half." He selected a monologue 
(rom Shakespea re's Measure for 
Measure and one from The Key 

Playhouse 
continUed from page 3 
Brecht's The VisiON of Simone 
Machard done by Peter Sellars, the 
iconoclastic " boy wonder" among 
contemporary American directors. 
McAnuff's Big River opened the 
second season. T he resurrected 
Playhouse has showcased the ta lents 
of some of America's finest young 
actors including Tony-winning 
Amanda Plummer , Tuck Milligan, 
who played in the Broadway 
production of E</UU5 opposite 
Anthony Perkins, and Paul 
McCrane, who appeared in the film 
version of Fame. 

As the Playhouse is nearing the 
opening of its th ird season, McAnuff 
and his staff are preparing a line-up 
of productions, which looks as 
though it will top those of the past 
two years. The creator of some of the 
finest contemporary American 

Exchange by Kevin Wade. " I chose 
characters that showed different 
reactio ns to loving wo men," 
Jauregui explained. 

" Luther was very helpful in 
work ing out my characters' 
motivation and feelings," added 
fellow classmate Amy Bradshaw. 
" He points out what 's not working 
- your choices and the way 

musicals, tephen Sondheim, will be 
in residence at the Playhouse to work 
on a new version of his musical 
Merrily We Roll Along, which played 
on Broadway a few years ago. 
Sondheim will be joined by his New 
York collaborator / playwright 
George Furth . Staffing th e 
production will be James Lapine, 
who directed Sondheim 's current 
Broadway hit, Sunday in the Park 
With George. 

Director Rober t Woodruff 
returns to UCSD this summer after 
his work in the Drama Department 
this spring to direct the clown from 
Saturday Night Ltve fame, Bill Irwin, 
in Benoit Brecht's A Man's A Man. 
Leading contemporary American 
playwright Michael W eller, creator 
of the hit p lays LOOse Ends and 
Moonchildren, has been commis-
sioned to write a new play especially 
for the Playhouse. Rounding out the 
season in McAnuff's production of 
Anton Checkov's The Sea Gull. 

Managing director Alan Levey 

1985-86 
FINANCIAL AID APPLICANTS 

STOP! DON'T LEAVE UCSD UNTIL YOU 
HAVE CONTACTED YOUR STUDENT 

FINANCIAL SERVICES OFFICE 
REGARDING YOUR 1985 .. 86 

FINANCIAL AID APPLICATION. 
Run , don't walk to your financial aid office to verify we have 

all the necessary infor mation to review your application. 

Please insure the Registrar's Office has your current address in 
case we need to contact you over the ummer and don'r forger to 

update your add res when you return Fall quarter 

Kl' 'p In roUl h, have a gn:at summer and wc'll cc you in tll 
Till IUdcnl f 'lemuell l"T ta/I 

you present them-and shows you 
how to discover your own errors. II 

W atching students work with the 
theory of acting is a gratifying 
experience, said the professor. 
"There are so many elements which 
comprise one's ability to move 
forward in thiS media; hopefully I've 
had a part in their progression. II 

The students are divided between 

says the Playhouse is providing the 
UCSD community and San Diegans 
with the opportunity to see dIe work 
of some of the finest theater artists in 
the nation, which one would need to 
go to New York to see otherwise. 
"Our commitment is to provide our 
audiences with productions that 
aren't being done by anybody else." 
Levey says. " The productions that 
we do are fulfilling the need within 
the community to present bold and 
innovative work ." 

The d irecto rs, deSigners, 
playwrights, and actors who come to 
La Jolla enJoy workmg in the 
environment of the Playhouse , 
where they can take risks and 
explore ideas without worrying 
about the pressures of commercial 
theater. "When you work in a 
commercial situation, there is a-great 
deal of money being invested, " 
Levey explains. "So you've got to 
entertain. It becomes show business. 
It becomes theater about getting a 
number of seats filled over a number 

two groups. Group " A" contains 
Diana Vassar, C raig Fuller, Nancy 
Baker, Amy Bradshaw, Scott 
Basehore, Elizabeth Farnsworth , 
Arthur Salazar, Nina Reynolds and 
Brtan JaureguI. In Group "B" are 
Yah Lowne, Susan Saroian, Miche.le 
Spiro, David Gerry, Sandi Loga n, 
Chris Reagan, Lori Myers, Morgan 
Forsey and Stephen Rexrode. 

of nights." 
'i-he existence of the La Jolla 

Playhouse on the UCSD campus 
provides UCSD drama students 
with the opportunity to train and 
work in a professional environment. 
"If a student is seeking professional 
experience in theater, there is 
opportunity on all levels, II Levey 
says. " Along with work wi thin the 
acting or design areas, there's work 
in the shops, in the front-house 
operations, in the box office, and In 
the theater managment and 
administration. " 

The La Jolla Playhouse also plays 
an important role in the exposure it 
gives to UCSD. Levey says the 
Playhouse anticipates drawing 
45,000 people to the UCSD campus 
this summer. And after only a mere 
seven productions staged in two 
years, the high quality work of the 
restored La Jolla Playhouse has put 
the small Southern California 
community of La Jolla on the 
national theater map. 

COMING SOON ~ PACIFI~~EACH c1/II/PE 
Only the Best Stuff in 

Stock, 
4603 Million Blvd. 

Check it Out: 
at Miuion Blvd. and Fellpar 

One Block North of Gamet Ave. 

FOR GALS: Christie Brinkley, Gottex, Toth, 
Expozay, CA Proline, Rio, Garron, Rio C ho pper ... 
FO R G UYS: Gotcha, Billabo ng, Maui & Sons, 
Stussy, Picant e, Burny's, Breezin, Club 
Sportswear ... 
CYCLISTS. Outrageous Pro Jerseys in Stock. 
SWIMMl:.RS: A Complete Colle tion of Spel'tio. 

Bathing "ItS 
Trunks 

Be/Uh " eu' 
FIo)OJ 
L,r",n' 

&,,,h To .. I 
B.,,,,-h d".lm 

A"tnSfJrh S 
and T1\u,h "WI, 

WATCH FOR OUR GAD OPE ING! 

, It Il, JQ ') Hiulus C; 



YOU 0 ... 
THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS-FOR YOU!! 

lAKERS AND SHAKERS-.. 
TAKE A BOWl 

As I sit here watching the Lakers 
and Celtics on lV, wondering how 
these guys can still be playmg I!, 
J I begin to realize that thiS IS une, . 
also where we came m. 

I mean really . Who would have 
thought that the entire Im.ramural 
s ortS year and the offiCIal NBA 
Jason would start and end at J~st 
about the same time. Whew! That s a 
lot of ball games .. . on both front~! 

However, it's thiS reporter s 
observation that the NBA has 
pushed itself over the max of 

on sense Cmon fellas , comm . ' I 
basketball in june? Hey ... we re on y 
one month away from the Major 
League All-Star game! . 

Now when you're talktng 1M 
SportS ... that's a different m enu. In 
fact, the 1M guys have got it Just a~out 

ht three quarters of action, ng ... h II f divvied about evenly wit a 0 your 
favorite sportS and ga~es. Add a 
liule seasoning, sm, smuner an~ 
presto! .. , another great dish .serve 
up during the '84-'85 campaign. 

But, believe us, folks, . the 1M 
rogram was no acciden~ thiS year. A 

rot oflong hours in the kitchen were 
spent concocting all of what 
happened. ks 

And it's time we gave the coo 
some credit around here, These guys 
(the members of the Intramural Staff) 
were the masters of shake 'n bake. 
Five of them in aU ... these boys 
became the seasoned vets that 
added Just the right amount of flavor, 
fun and excitement lO an already 
established program. 

In fact, speakmg of the NBA. these 

Matt'S academic progress at 
UCSD is continually commg under 

. by the Revelle ProvoSt. 
scrutiny d b Originally they were concerne . , ut 

. they've come up with a 
smce, h ' 
workable solution to IS 
procrastination. They've invested all 
of his student fees in a 3O-year fi~ed 
home mortgage loan. By the tt~e 
Matt gets out of school, Revelle Will 
own a beautiful house m . La jolla 
Shores. At that time Man Will finally 
have his degree and a tremendous 
chance to market his remarkable 
abilities in the private sector as a 55-
year-old sportS assistant. 

_DAN WALTERS (Class of '86): 
Most closely identifies with jamaal 
Wilkes, even though their phySiques 
are as opposite as the North and 
South Poles. Jamaal IS a r:all- an.d 
well , let's be honest- Dan I~ no raIl. 
But despite that, these guys are very I 
" 1 We aU know Jamaa 

stml ar . k W 'lk Wilkes-smooth-as-si! I es. 
Just like our buddy Walt-smooth-
as-a-malt Walt ... as in a dou?le 
thick chocolate malt. All kiddmg 
aside- when Walt gets hiS t~ree 
s uares every day, this kid IS a d~arno . As a worker, an athlete , and 
a super-congenial guy, thiS fella doe~ 
and has it all. If he misses a mea, 
Dan can get real cranky. . 

Walt had his salad days du~ng 
the winter quarter when everythmg 
he touched turned to gold. His teams 
won three 1M championships that 
quarter (basketball , hockey . and 
softball) a feat unprecedented ttl 1M 
history. ' HIS sweet jump shot (a la 
Jamaal Wilkes) led his Smokel~ss 
Buds 5-10 team to 21 consecutive 
victories and twO 5-10 cham-
pionships in successive years. f I 

-JAY KUO (Class of '86t No 
doubt about it, this guy and Michael 
Coo r were made from the same 
molr No headlines for these guys, 
but when there's a job to be done, 
these are the boys that get It dO.ne. As 
a defensive specialist, Michael 
Cooper is non partil. Our fnendJa~, 
however is another story. It doesn t 
matter ~hich sport ... as a safety 10 
football, a backrow s~clahst m 

n yball or a rightfielder 10 softball, J~y emakes each defensive play an 
adventure. Whenever a ban comes 
his way, you can be sure to hear Jay 
say "O\(!." . 

Next year, the 1M program Will be 
offering Intramural Bullfighting for 
the very first time. "The I . lt~le 
Matador" should be a natura tn t IS 

on~iS ultimate ambition in life, 
however, is to be aSSigned ~ t~d 
head soccer referee In the or d 
Cu match between Iran an Me~ico . His opening line to the team 

. in the center of the field 
captamS I d b before the game has a rea Y een 
well rehearsed . "If anyone uttehs 
even one sound, I'll tum t e 
Liverpool soccer thugs loose on your 

d · I Good luck to both teams sta lum. h I" 
and keep your mouths s ut. 

_BOB ARMEll (Class of '87): A 
deadringer for Kun Rambis without 
the specs. Beef Kabob, as he IS. 
affectionately known, is the Clark 
Kent of the TKE fraternity. HIS super 
heroics in athleticS are alre.ady 
legendary. Bob's sterling 
performance in the Inter-Fraternity 
Championship Football Game 

ainSI the dreaded phi Delts has 
:tready been made into a Video. And 
it's selling like hot cakes all over the 
country, especially ~~ Phi Delt 
chapters. It's entitled Here a P~ck. 
There a Pick, Everywhere a , Pick, 
Pick!" (Editor'S note: Armell s SIX 
intercepted passes gave the Phi 
Delts all the TDs they needed) .. 

Bob has a penchant for caUtng 
everyone "dude" .. . even hiS mot;J 
and the girls he tries to date. Its 
probably a term of endearment 10 
his hometown of Mode~to.' but 
, Bob this is a sophisticated 

cmon, , h' 
campus here at UCSD. T ere aren t 
any dudes down here . 

Come 1986 with the retirement of 
our existing staff, Bob will become 
the main 1M dude on cam-pus. It 
seems everyone associated With the 
program this year Will be anxIous to 
see how he handles the pressure. I 
really don 't understand why 
everyone is so concerned. But they 
are. 

s remind me a lot o f the Lakers ~~h had h is own talents, skills and 
personality When th ey mesh~ 
tOgether . .. It was SHOWTIM . 
Yep ... the Lakers on a fast-break ," 
the 1M Staff in high cruise ... they re 
pretty much one and the same ... 

Because he has such ma~teru 
control over everything in hiS life 
and everything always seems tff 
come up roses for him , the 1M Sta 
has overwhelmingly voted him as 
the Sports AsSistant most hkely to 
succeed in hfe. They've forward~d 
hIS name to the Rose Bowl Para e 
Committee just in case they ever 
want to have a Rose Bowl Kmg In 
their pa rade one of these years. 

WHERE YOU'RE GOING, IT'S 
pure SHOWBlz'! . 

Here they are one more ume for 
our a plause ... the Masters of JIVe ~nd the High Five-those hard-

worktng guys husthng like crazy tS~ 
tryi ng to stay alive-the 1M Sta f 0 
1985. 

_MATI ADAMS (Class of201S ): 
Most closely resembles Kareem 
Abdul-Jabbar- taU, white , and good-
looking. Matt and Kareem have 
plenty in common. Both are lon~ ItI 
the tooth , but stalwan ItI t elr 
profession . Kareem is known for ~tS 
Sky Hook; Uncle Man is known or 
his Hook ... period . Ar . ef ~ho 
cau ht the wrath of Matt for bemg 
ten ~conds late to work canartest to 
h t Man's hook was qUick and t a . 

unsympathetic. 
But really, you could n't have. a 

. boss than Matt H is aggressive 
ntcer '. b . f 
leadership style eamed him a n e 

-J.R. (SUPERSTAR) RICHARDS 
(Class of '85): Must be a clone of 
Magic Johnson. 1 mean, w~en he 
cranks up that smile ... there s got to 
be trouble ahead. . j R had a wonderfully progressive 

car~e'r at UCSD. As a freshman andf 
sophomore, J.R was .th~ toa~ .0 
Third College: influenual 10 pohucs 
and activities, successful all-around 
athlete, plenty of friends on campus 
and a girlfnend that had It all, 
including money. 

Two years later, as j.R approaches 
life in the real world (yes, folks, he IS 
graduating) , it's interesun~ lO see 
how strong he finished hiS JUnior 
and senior years . 

Well let's see. He ran for AS resid~nt and just mis~d, he losl 
his prestigiOUS job wtth the I~ 
program for a brief spell last year, hiS 

......., , 
\ 

MICHELOB 
COAST 

DISTRIBUTING 
COMPANY 

SALUTES ALL 

1985 
UCSD 

GRADUATES 
{ 

---.J l _ 
cameo role as the Czar of 1M water 
polo this past spring. HIS only 
problem was that he was tOO 
effiCient and effective. The 1M Staff 
found out recently that they have lost 
him in the free agent draftof czars to 
the U niv. of Moscow Intramural 

' rlfriend moved to New Zealand to ~~ake more money, and \lis success 
as an athlete has aU dried up , ~mce 
he SlOpped showing up for hiS 1M 
games on a regular basis. . 

-GOOD LUCK!-

Department. od 
ThiS, however, could be a go 

move [or both Mat! and the U ntted 
States. Wtth Matt's colorful wardrobe 
and ersonality, the Cold W ar betwe~n the US and the Ruskles 
should thaw out ovenlght. 

Let'S face it, whe n It comes to 
having a good time on campus, Mat! 
wrote the book. Of course , when 

u're takmg onc unit and seve n ;~tramural sports actiVities a quarter, 
it's easy to see how Matt has bee." 
able to so effeCtIve ly manage hiS 
stress level. 

6 Hiatus June 6, 1985 

Yep. Good 01' UCSD has d one It 
agaltl . They've stripped [he \as! 
ve3tiges of respect from their seniors 
as they nudge them gently ltlto t e 
street. Our buddy,J R. , IS Just anfot ~r 
of the many casualues 0 t e 
collegiate syste m. But fret nOt, j.R 
Will land on his feet somewhere , 
probably some place like Foster City, 
and will make his mark on anOther 
population. Do us a lavor though, 
buddy: Keep the Magic Grin , but 
don't let )Cx, gambling and the bottle 
ru in a great career. 

_ __ ..... tr- .. .... _ ..... aa.a- 'O .,.... .. 'III I"lICl 

-

T IS UDPAGEIS o YOU! 

• 

Tradition was established last year with the Bud man's First Annual UCSD 1M Softball AII-Slar Team. Obviously, it's a tradition wonh carrying on. Heck, 
you wouldn't beheve aD the cards and lenersl gOl. I received at least one letter every six months complaining about a Warren or a Muir local hero being 
overlooked. You'd think they were upset about our voting procedures. I personally think every 2 (two) beers given out 10 the Budman being wonh 100 
Votes is a very fair system. Plus, I'm the one who set up this electoral system, so it must be fair. 

Now we would like to present the 2nd Annual AIl-S13r Team. We would hope that this contingent could also represent the National League in Minnesota 
at the All Slar game if the major league ball players go on strike. The team: 

Fine IIue: Jim Eaton-RtClamatics 
Batting Awrage .. 400 
Home Runs: 10 
RBIs: 60 

Normally you'd like a little higher average out of your first sacker. But he's got as 
much power as Paul Bunyon. He's one of the few who has hit one out on Warren 
Nonh Field. He's also got the great pt. 

SeconcIIIue: Chris Lundstrom-Brutal Puppydogs 
Batting'Average: .580 
Home Runs: 6 
RBIs: '10 

Th is guy is as sweet as candy aI second base. At second you have to be able to 
tum the deuce to get yourself out of the big inning. Comhine that with one Of the 
best opposite field hillers in IMs and he's second 10 no one. His finest ability, 
though, is his ability to get up for the game. Thank God for '67 VWs. 

Shonsaop- ScOtt McCullough-BHB 
Batung Average: .650 
Home Runs: 15 
RBIs: 75 

After muDingaround 10 the mmors (M, A), Scot! has finally moved upwith the 
big boys in AM. When you have as much talem as Scott does and play in anything 
but AAA, you wilt never be recogmzed in this space except as a sandbagger. This 
grad Student in math probably has the best arm in IMs. He also plays so deep his 
team doesn't need a fefr fielder. 

Third IIue: Mary Beth Mu~-Ttam Bozo 
Batting Average: .550 / 
Home Runs: 2 
RBIs: '10 

The key to most gieaI coed teams is a lady who can handle dllll hOI: comer. This 
gal can not only hanclle third base, she owns il . She's no slack aI the plate as her 
.550 average indiCales. Yep I She's no bozo. 

unm Field: Chris McCallum- Ferragut Boat Club 
Baiting Average: .620 
Home Runs: 10 
RBIs: 48 

Nicknamed Bambi for obvious reasons. Chris can run like a deer to track down 
would-be home runs. Her speed and grace are an envy 10 every cemer fielder. 
Speed and grace, though, are nOt the only reason they call her Bambi. Rumor has 
ii , they used her voice for the remake of Bambi. 

Ript Field Randy McNicholas- Spank the Monkey Mama 
Batling Average: .520 
Home Runs: 6 
RBIs: 55 

Randy's one or those guys who'll pat you on the back, buy you a beer, and give 
you the shirt off his back. Mr. Nice Guy. But once he steps on the field, it's Billy 
Martin reincarnated. This guy plays hard . He also gets the beSt dressed award. Not 
best uniform .. best dressed. He shows up to play every game in his La Valencia 

black slacks and black shoes. 

c.rcha: Todd Nonon-Rectamatics 
Batting Average: .420 
Home Runs: 1 
RBIs: lO 

This was a tough choice. The two best catchers in IMs actually play on the same 
team: Todd Norton and Neil "Red Baron" Marks. We picked Todd because he 
carries a little bigger bat. Each wants 10 play catcher so much, they have 10 splil 
lime wearing the loois or ignorance. That's pretty unusual to Want to play catcher, 
but then again, these are two pretty unusual dudes. 

Pilcher: Jim Martin-Magie Turf 11 
Record: 8-0 
ERA: 250 

This year's Cy Young Award winner isJim Manin. Pitcher is probably the single 
mostlmponant position on the field. It all starts with the pitcher.Jim's had a great 
year for the'" I Men's 'A' Magic Turf squad. Jim's effectiveness comes from his 
unusual delivery.Jim's the only pitcher I've seen with a 'to-inch vemcaJjump. lt's 
hard to explain his delivery. But imagine beinglhe bauer and a kangaroo is on the 
mound jumping as high as it can after each pitch. A little distracting, needless to 
say. 

Mr. Indispensable: Iluzz DeCarli-Bonica 
Every team has its emotional leader. He's the type who's nOt into playing every 

inning as most primadonnas are, but IS there to lend support to his buddies. He 
plays catcher, keeps score, keeps the girlfriends happy and tells you that you 
looked good even though you kicked the ball mto a home run error. Bohlca 
wouldn't be where they are Without him. The Padres have their Whitey Wiedeman 
and Bohlca has Buzz DeCarli. 

T,HEEMPTYBEERCANAWARDS 
Rat ero. Athktc of tM Year Award ., __ , _, Tim Pickwell (Butt Slate, Koala) 

His injuries have been so numerous, we had the Medivacs at all his games. 
Rumor has it he has supplied thewhole Koala staff with morphine acquired by his 
many operations. Gee, do those lOOnies really need drugs? 
Dancin' Barry Award " """" Steve Kent (Captam Dick and HIS Seamen) 

If you've ever seen Steve Kent score a goal in hockey, you'd thmkyou were at the 
Forum. not the Reckerdome. This guy makes John Travolta look like Fat Albert. 
Kellog's FI'OSIy Flake of the Year Award, . .. , , , , .. , , , . , , , , " Tim Archer 
(referee: doesn't show enough to claim a team) 

Tim can't seem to get it right. You see, he has this tendency to forget things. Like 
when I do work. He has proved that the third time is not a charm. Three years in a 
row Tim has gotten his walkmg papers for forgetting to show for work 
Si~ of tM Year Award "" ,,', .. ,Chuck Gormley (Sieve and the All-Stars) 

Chuck is one of the more outstanding looking 1M hockey goalies. Face mas k. 
pads. chest protector. arm pads. Boy does he look like an NHL goalie. If you 
beheved that, you were wrong. The only reason he wore all that padding was 
because he was afraid of gemng hurt. Heck, a piece of swiss cheese would have 
stopped more goals than Chuck did 
Preparation-H Award , . , .. . , . . , . , . , . , , , . Ric Lombao (On Golden Courts) 

Ric, no matter how helpful he c,m be to the 1M Staff, Will always be a royal You 
talk about bleedmg Dodger blue. our good friend Ric does It In royal ' 
Female Cheerleader of the Year Award .. , . .. "., . . ,' , .. Helen Yuja (TKE) 

ThiS young lady has more spirit than the combined total of 250 screaming 
teenage cheerleadlng campers on MUir Field 10 the summer If you've ever seen 
UCSD's summer Cheerleadmg Camp, you know how loud they can be. 
EnthUSIasm IS also one of her trademarks. She once gO! so upset dUring the TKE-
Phi Delt Fraternity foOtball game that she ran out on the field and deflagged a: Phi 
Delt runner headed for a touchdown. 
Foot in the Mouth Award """""""""""" " TKE Football Team 

After expounding for atleast a month on how Ihey were going 10 breeze through 
the fraternity football tournament. the ... 1 rJted 'AAA' team lost to the 
undermanned and prohibitive underdog Phi Delta Theta team. These guys were 
sooooo cocky tlley barely could get their shirts over their Big Heads. After the 
game, the TI<Es were seen digging holes on Muir Field (and you wondered how all 
those gOt there) looking for a place to hide. 
1M ControVersy Award, . .. , . , , , , , , , , , , . , , , _ . , , , , , Marc Dauber (referee) 

Most 1M officials go out and catch some sun, make some beer money and try to 
make sure peace is kept. That is most 1M offici als . excluding Marc Dauber. No, for 
Marc, it's my ball and you play my way or go home. It's Billy Martin, you're out of 
the game, or that's another T on you, Mr. Jabbar, take a shower, His thumb has 
been overworked this year. Heck, he booted four players out of 1M softball The 
Other 39 umps boOted a combined '0' out of games. I guess the Other umps were 
sluffing off, Daub. 
J .R, Bookie of the Year Award, , , . , .. , , , , , , , Mike Fahlsbusch (AS Council) 

How many people do you know will fly to Las Vegas because their bookie was 
out of town JUSt 10 make a bet? Mike has. Mike even bets on Team Badminton. To 
say he is compulsive is an understatement. And I'm sure you all wondered how he 
can buy beer all day at the Pub. Art Schlichter would be proud. 
Most 1M Championships Award .. , .. , , , , , .. ,. Lon Monette (many teams) 

Lori won so many championshIps this year that you'd think we were running a 
"Lori Monette Ad" in the Hall of Champions. It seems like every other picture 
happens 10 be hers. Talem has somethmg to do with it . 
Best Med School Team of the Year, .. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .Second Year Class 

Led by Mr. Dynamo BreI! Stompro, these young docs dominated play. 
ChampiOns in 'M ' football , champions in 'AAA' 3-on-3 baskelball, 2nd in 'MA' 
basketball, lOp ranked In 'M ' softball. ObVIOUSly, the med school recruiters look at 
40-yard dash times and Jumping ability as well as MCAT scores. 
Flypaper Basketball Player of the Year, , , .Jay Brugman (We'll Get The Calls) 

This aw.lrd IS pretty selr explanatory. WheneverJay got Ihe ball, II was his and It 
wouldn't leave his hands unless II was hoop bound. The only pass he ever threw 
was an m-bound pass, and that W.1S maybe once a game. Lloyd "World Be" Free 
had 'TIore assists Ihan Jay this rear. 
Best Units of the Year, , , .. , , _ , .. , , , , , , . , , . , , , , , , , , , , , ,Screw In Studs 
These soccer guys made you see red . As III red shirts, red pants, red socks. red 
shoes. Some even had red hair You'd have thought they were the red army 

June 6, 1985 Hianu 7 



the '60s and '70s he worked 
primarily with raku and in the '70s 
and 'BOs he worked with salt firing. 

Soldner uses the wheel as a tool 
for creating forms, but not strictly in 
the traditional mode of throwing. 
Sometimes he throws forms "upside 
down" with the base formed at the 
top of the piece. Often he will add 
slab forms to a thrown piece. He also 
builds kilns and manufactures 
products for ceramicists, such as 
wheels and mixers. 

In his recent two-day workshop at 
th e Gro ve Ga llery, Soldner 
demonstra ted hIS techniques. He 
gLves the l kinds of work hops of ten 
and will be exh ibi t ing work 
produced in them as a special 
exhihit , since thiS work IS often more 
spontaneous than his Colorado 
studio-produced work. 

Soldner doesn't talk about art. He 
talks mostly about his experiences 
and his work as part of his 
experiences. He has travelled in the 
East and picked up some of his 
aesthetic influences there. Abstract 
Expressionism achieved its height in 
the '50s in America when Soldner 
was in school. These two styles are 
most evident in his work. 

Soldner's vvorld of clay 
The Grove Gallery, directed by 

Ron Carlson, hosts a variety of art 
and craft work . This summer's 
agenda includes a pot sale, a summer 
Children's show in July and August 
and a UCSD student summer show 
of painting and ceramics the first two 
weeks in September. 

By DOUG FRIEDMAN 
One ot the bigger names In 

con temporary ceramLCS recently 
exhibited and held a work hop in the 
Grove Gallery on the U 0 
campus. Paul Soldner, professor of 
ceramics at Scripps College In 
Claremont, is regarded as the 
grandfather of American Raku. 

He uses clay as ma terial which 

takes on elements of expressionism 
and traditional orlt~ntal ceramics. 

oldnt:r has also revIved low 
temperature salt ftrtng. He regards 
his work as an extension of hIS Me; 
clay is a part of hIS life not separate 
trom hLm, Itke a picce of a collage. 

Soldner is important In the art 
world because of his style of 
work ing. He appeared on the New 

r-- VIRTUALLY INDESTRUCTIBLE 

SAVE OVER 75 % COMPARE AT $40.00 
ON OUR FRENCH SUNGLASSES 

• SCRATCH RESISTANT . SHATTERPROOF . FLEXIBLE FRAMES 

NOW 59.99 
Pacific Eyes High Quality French Sunglasses 

2 outstanding high protection lenses to chqose from 
- Pola ri zed - Double gradient all weather lenses 

- 100% ultravioler. 85% mfr-il-red prOleCllon 
Choose from 5 exciti ng styles for men or women 

Available In black. brown . whirI'. crystal. etc 
WE GUARANTEE THE LOWEST SUNGlASS PRICES 

on aU major sung/ass brands oj any rewi/ stOre. 
Vuarne~ Bucci, Carrera, Ray Ban, SUltcloud, etc. 

Good rhru fJ ·1 l-H') 

11111111 I 6 I 

York art scene at a time when clay 
was beginning to be regarded as an 
art material rather than a craft 
material. He entered a piece in a 
show which contained th rown 
clements stacked on each o ther 
which, at the time, was unusual. He 
gained leadershi p status and has been 
very productive throughout the last 
30 years. In the late '50s, he 
graduated from Oti Art Institute, in 

Previous shows at the Grove have 
included drawmgs by survivor of 
Hiroshima, travelling exhibits, glass 
work and the San Diego Potters 
Guild . Commg up in November will 
be a show of U SO faculty and staff 
art. Most of the shows run from 
three to four weeks. The gallery is 
located next to the Student Center. 

HNew York Style Pizza" O~ 
PIZZ~f~ 

Free Delivery 
8657 Villa LJ Jolld Dllve 
La Jolld Vilidge Squdre 

La Jolb, Cdhforllla 

587-0700 

.. - - - - CO UPON - - - --
, FREE 4-Pak : 
, wllh purchase ~ I 
: of any large pllza L '- I : I 
I Coke '<...-' I 
, Diet Coke On. cou~m I 

. or T.b pcr p'aa , 
HOU RS : Mon 1 hur". 5 00 pm 1000 pm , 

I-n Sdl ~un 5:()() pm 10 Mldl1lghl • - - - - - - - - - - - --, Coupon l"""Plrc, 6 )0,85 
We accept: Visa, Mastercard, American Express & checks. 

Ristorante Mario, Italian Cuisine 
Receive a complimentary % liter of house wine when you enjoy any of 

our fine sed/ood or Italian dinner entrees . 

Don't Forget 
to KecpYour Iod 

Covered WIth 
Summer Slckncu 

and Accident Insuranc& 
It's ~ffective 

while traveling or staying home ... 
Rcglltcrcd Spring Quarter Students, Summer Studcntl, 

and Post Docs arc eligible to purchase Insurance. 
All Premiums: $66.25-------

ENROLLING HOW until July 15th 
-----Information and applications are availoble ot-

Stu nt Haith enter. Q-039 • 45~-3300 

BV MIKEL TCX>MBS 
Just when you thought it was safe 

to watch televisin again, Michael 
Weldon has come out with a 
comprehensive look at the endlessly 
amazing world of that late~night (and 
early-early morning) rube staple, the 
low/no-budget movie. 

OK, so maybe Weldon's book, 
The Psychotronic Encyclopedia of Film 

.(Ballantine), did come out two yers 
ago. It's just that it's finally been 
remaindered (I got the $16.95 opus 
at Crown for $2.49), putting it in a 
price range appropriate to the 
cinema it proudly catalogues. 

Weldon, a Cleveland native who 
moved to New York City Oust like 
Screamin' Jay Hawkins and Stranger 
Than Paradise dire,ctor Jim 
Jarmuach), has been exploring the 
strange underbelly of the film 
industry for years with his 
Ps,chotronic magazine, turning up 

such neglected gems as The Astra-
Zombies, a memorable grade-Z alien 
spy picture co--written by Wayne 
(Trapper John) Rogers, and (a 
pertQnal favorite) Equinox, an eerie 

"teen~ ' movie complete with 
remarkable Ray Harryhausen~like 
effects, heavy religious overtones 
and the devil disguised as a parle 
ranger (!). 

The author faithfully follows the 
careers of B-movie actors such as 
Boris Karloff (76 entries are 

La lolla -' Eastgate 

SELF-STORAGE 

• INDIVIDUALS 
• HOUSEHOLD GOODS 
• BUSINESS 
• RECORD StoRAGE 
• INVENTORY 

8440 EASTGATE cr. SAN DIEGO 92121 

- T.V. MONITORING 
• 24 HOUR SECURITY 
• ARMED GUARD RESPONSE 
• SECURE GATE ACCESS 
- CONTROLLED BUILDING ACCESS 
• FREE CONVENIENCE CART USE 

458-1950 
SUMMER SPEOAL 
3 MOlftDS 

849 
Budget Spaee? 

We Dave Plenty! 

indexed) and Elvis Presley (7), as well 
as such underfinanced auteurs as 
Staten lsland!s Andy Milligan and a 
certain Ray Dennis Steckler, who 
was responsible for such epics as The 
Lemon Ora« Kids (hmmm ... ), Meet 
the Monsters and the awesomely titled 
The lncredibl, Strange Creatures Who 
Stopped Living and Became Crao 
Mixed-Up Zombies. 

Weldon's magazine was designed 
especially as an aid to TV viewing, 
offering an open-minded perspective-

TV Guide doesn 't. One relevant 
listing in the El1C;IClopedia is for a 
movie currently screening in the wee 
hours on Showtime, called Caged 
Heat! This '74 classic was director-
screenwriter Jonathan (Stop Making 
Sense) Demme's entry in the time-
(dis)honored exploitation genre of 
the "Women Behind Bars" flick. 
With music-"a mixture of moody 
viola and country harmonica"-by 
ex-Velvet Undergrounder John 
Cale, Caged Heat! is highlighted by 
the presence of legendary British 
scream queen Barbara Steele as the 
"repressed, crippled, sadistic 
warden who has a sexy-cabaret~ 
number dream." Don't miss it, if 
you dare. 

UC CRAFTS CENTER 

ERAMIC 
s 

grove gallery 
HOURS: 10 am to 5 pm 

June 6, 1985 HiahU 9 



R.E.M.'s new 
disc is sure 
to click 
Fables of the Reconstn4Ction 
R.E.M. 
I.R.S. Records 

BV MIKEL TOOMBS 
When school finally comes to an 

end next week, we can look forward 
to a summer of mindless fun . Right? 

Wrong. For now, we find out, is 
the time R.E.M. has chosen to 
release its third album (it should be 
In the stores on Monday). That 
means chaUenging entertainment, 
with the added bonus of more lyrics 

to be translated into English from 
Michael Stipese. 

Actually, Michael has made it 

"HAPPY DAN PEREnIE" 

rather easy on us this time, as key 
phrases fly out readily understand. 
able throughout the album, called 
Fables 0/ the Recon.stn4Ction. Part of 
the "credit" no doubt goes to famed 
British producer Joe Boyd, who goes 
for a clearer, somewhat harsher 
sound than that achieved by 
texturalists Mitch Easter and Don 
Dixon on the first two albums. 

The songs are pretty much what 
we've come to expect for this 
R.E.M .arkable group, with the 
occasional touches of horns (on the 
.opener "Feeling Gravity'S Pull"), 
snlnlrl (two violins and a cello) and 
even banjo (on the sentimental 
album closer, "Wendell Gee"). 
Naturally, we also get more 
affectionate Americana, with not 
one but two "train" songs, "Driver 
8" and "Auctioneer (Another 
Engine)." 

exclusive Graduate Sales Program Director 
- Call 263-6909 for an appolntment-

Cfitin\. 
Has a special gift for upcoming graduates 

~hjcles 
Included 
In the Plan. 

You may choose a 
new 1985 Marquis, 
Cougar, Topaz or 
Lynx. 

"Pre-Approved Credit. 
Just meet three simple 

conditions: 
• You must have verifiable employ-
ment that begins within 120 days of your 
vehicle purchase at a salary sufficient to cover 
ordinary living expenses and your vehicle payment. 
• You must have proof that you have graduated or will graduate 
and be awarded at least a bachelors degree within 120 days. 

{1iiti,1\. 

Your credit record, if 
you have one, must indi-
cate payment made as 

agreed. 
"$400 Purchase 

Allowance. 
Make your best deal .. . use the 

$400 as a down payment or receive a 
$400 check directly from Ford after the sale. 

On National City'S "MILE Of CARS" - 1400 National City Blvd. 
Phone: (619) 474 -5502 • San Diego Exchange 263 -690~ 

10 Hiatus June 6, 1985 

Will Jama Ralph PafIIJ ewr _tie 
VCSDI Find out SwrwJa"June 16C1t4 
pm CIt the La Jolla Project CIt Revelle. 

GJU\DUATION 
COMPUTER 

$695 
Fully portable computer, 2 
disk drives, Monitor, 16 
Function Keys, Printer & 2 
serial parts. WordS tar,. 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

$1550 FREE SOFTWARE! 
KayPro, Osborne, etc. 

compatible. 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties, 
SLEEPV HOLLOW 

695-9220 

Congratulations 
to the 

ZetaNu 
Colony 
otKappa 

Kappa Gamma 
with special thanks to 
PanHellenic and 

InterFratern1ty 
Council 

~ Goings on Caruso 
On Saturday, }une 8, two 

contemporary jazz guitarists, 
Wayne Johruon and Ralph 
Towner will be performing at 
the La JoUa· Museum of 
Contemporary Art for shows 
at 7 pm and 10 pm. Johnson 
wiU perform with drummer 
Bill Berg and bassist Brad 
Cummings, while this concert 
marks Towner's first solo 
performance. Tickets for this 
show are available at all 
Teleseai, or over the phone at 
283·SEAT. For more 
information, call 4-59,1-404. 

• * * John HouleIIlan, one of 
America's most celebrated 
classical directors, will stage 
Shakespeare's historical 
drama Richard III at the Old 
Globe Theatre as part of the 
"Jubilee Festival '85't slated 
for June 5 through September 
22. For performance 
information and ticket 
reservations, call 231.1941. 

• • * Tonight the UCSD 
Concert Choir performs in 
the Mandeville Auditorium at 
8 pm directed by John Lauer, 
and promises an "eclectic 
program of everything else." 
The concert is free and open 
to the public. 

• • * The Academy of Strin. 
directed by Isaac Malkin will 
be in concert on Saturday at 3 
pm in the Mandeville 
Auditorium_ The perform-
ance is free and open to the 

public. 
Tomorrow night, the Music 

department presents the 
UCSD Wind Enaemble 
directed by Cindy Earnest 
performing classics for the 
wind instruments. The 
'concert is also at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium and 
free to the public. 

* * * On Saturday night, UCSD 
Guitara will perform a 
"potpourri" for free at 8 pm 
in the recital hall. 

• • * 
This Friday at the Che Cafe 

is a dance for all of you who 
want to go nuts before finals. 
The price is a mere $2 which 
includes refreshments, 
dancing to three live bands, 
Svnthaia, Uaer Safe, and 
The Fan Club, and 
guaranteed happiness for the 
rest of your life. Well, maybe. 
The fun begins at 9 pm so 
don't be late. Proceeds to aid 
the CalPlRG Bottle BiU. 

• • * 
The Che Cafe is the 

happening place this ~kend 
as Animal CaU plays its last 
gig this Saturday night before 
taking offfor London this fall. 
Comentone will open the 
evening's entertainment 
around 8 pm. A $3 donation 
includes refreshments (if 
you're early!). Proceeds from 
this benefit dance will go to 
the San Diego Center for 
Appropriate Technology. 

On Monday Alex Dunn 
will hold a guitar recital in 
which he will perform works 
by Takemitsu, Britten, 
Walton and Mertz. The 
performance is at 8 pm in 
Mandeville B210. 

• * • On Wednesday, at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contempo. 
rary Art, will be the Chantel 
Ackerman film, The 
Eillhtiel, a selection of 
rehearsals for performers for 
her soon.to·be.completed 
musical, The Golden Eighties. 
The film will be screened at 
7 :30 pm and will be preceded 
by her short, Saute Ma Ville. 
For more information, call 
.. 5 .. ·354-1. 

* * • Something to do tonight, go 
see Taj Mahal at the Belly 
Up. TIckers are available at 
TIcketrnaster and the Belly 
Up. Showtime is at 9 pm. 
Information at 4-81·9022_ 
Enough said. 

• • * Saturday night at the Spirit 
is the oil drum dance of the 
New Marina along with 
Luna (final appearance-yea 
or nay), The Pum.,. and our 
very own boys about town 
Limbo Slam. Tickets are 
available at the door, so get 
out of the house, okay. For 
more information, caUJerry at 
276-3993. That's all, over and 
out-see you next life. 

--compiled by Roddy Bopwa 

WHAT KIIVD O~ ~EVoLurl 
10M I ' r TUIe "Nfl TALI< 
1'1011 MU"&(~ of TI4r: THI~~ 1.1011 
r S"y rHAT ~ trHING \<IILL 

" PONt , 

wHAT' slur ef ~~VOLun O"'A"Y 
You A,.,t . C AA,\J\O ' 

of course I ov1. 
/'"t..t(,oo-- W 

fo .......... ke 
C O'n..c. c.. SfL O"" r J 

AND H f~E r A,... , EAr"'I> 
t'll lA ' ... AVIOLI 

SPA'H(TTI 

A ~fVOLUT IO" "~Y 
A LA Ir/IlL IA 1'111 .' 

EH 

.4 .. s - .. .Ie. p. ~c."f-.{ ,tio.e*-
0 "- e-Lc. tAl 

(:.,rc/ ,,\. !IJ., r 
..... , //·t""''t I,.J"r 
0"- J ..... a.. C( .. s,-

f lU-

l 

SECOND ANNIVERSARY .CELEBRAnON 

TO 

UCSDCAMPUS 
(5 PM-CLOSE, $10.00 MIN ORDER) 

PARl'YTDD/EP.IITlME/AlfY1'IMI! 

EVERY MON.- 3PM TIL CLOSE 
(GET mERE EARLY FOR BEST SEATING!) 

·452·0661 
Genesee & Governor Drive 
(Safeway Shopping Center) 
5 Mins from UCSD Campus 

HOME COOKED FOOD AT FAST FOOD PRICES 

June 6, 1985 HicaINa 11 



When is T.G.I.O.? 

Associated Students Programming 
and University Events Office 

invite you to a special event: . 
. 

T K GOD IT'S OVER 
with 

OTIS DAY AND THE KNIGHTS 
and guests 

NeEe1 
Gra,b Y9U toga, , 

put your books away, 
and set aside this day, 

12 Hio,," June 6, 1985 

FRIDAY, JUNE 7, 4 PM 
ON THE HUMP 

food 
refreshments .' 

and that death-defylng 
juggler, Ben Decker 


