
---, 



20 Thursday, Feb. Ii, 1985 

.~ ... . . . . ... .. .. \ . ... . ,,».... ;,.-" .. ' . . . . . . '/' ... 

, 
• 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU! 

N DAY/DATE 
G '" ... AlES ON THE HORIZO BIG 1M tun Thu-Feb 14 

lOpm/ Main Gym 
Cocaine (4-0)VS. -O) b24 Coed A BVDl..fA ... 'S 
Intercollegiates (4 sun-Fe 1 S ... ~ PoUh-b Po 

coed A 

d (5 0) vs 3pm/ Rec Gym k"l' c~ U 
o The Reboun - . Men 5-10 2.' W~oll eless BUds DIVISION DreO S~ight Shooters (4-1) sun-Feb 24 3. Li£.e Afere t [he CaDs Men 5-10 au:. RD 

(4-0) vs. 5pm/ Rec ~ym "ll r l-l'gh Five Gy.ys d Hose Bags (4-0) Mel'l AAA ;. ou. Machine I School Men AM 5-0 
N\'ce Guys an sun-feb 24 . n The Reba Men AA 5-0 1I!::;:~::~~~~:::::;;iiiii~7~p~m~/~M;;aiiniGiymiiiiiiir5lji~f und MenAA i-O 

POWER 
RAnNG 
95.89 

String Musicians (2-1) vs. White M ' Coed A i-O 
Party Animals (3-1) 7. Swamp an S Disease 5-0 

95.55 
94.02 
92.93 
92.67 

THE 1M NOTEPAD 
Random thoughts from the czars "" 

of intramural sports ... " 
- BASKETBALL . .. After five bus 
weeks of action, 1M Basketball takes 
a much needed break to enJoy the 
President's holiday ... No games this 
coming unday and only a partial 
schedule this Monday evening: 
Cougar and Blue Demon leagues will 
play ... Sun Devil (Coed) league does 
not.. . Men MA leagues (Hoya and 
Redmen Leagues) begin a unique 
new tournament qualtfying 
competition next week ala the 
nationally famous ACC basketball 
tournament ... All six teams 10 each 
league ompete in a survival of the 
fittest tournament that will qualify 
the top three to the pre_tigious 1M 
Playoff tournament in March. 
- SOCCER ... Campus soccer 
officionados cannot believe how 
many 1M games can be cancelled on 
a hot and beautiful Sunday. Soccer 
Czar Scott Berndes was seen walking 
across Pryate1 Field last weekend 
when he notic.ed his shoe was 
untied. He bent<lown to tie his shoe 
and surprisingly found a 6 pound 
bass on the end of his shoestring. 
"Now this is a wet field," he was 
heard to have grumbled. 
-SO FTBALL. .. If your team 
finished with a 1-0 record in any 
league that plays on Saturday ... 
Congrarulations! ... You tied for the 
league title and automatically 
advance to the playoffs, Feb. 23-24. 
Sorry about the weather on 
Saturdays, gang, but we have no 
control. There will be no makt'-up 
games scheduled. Check the 1M 
Board at Canyonview late next week 
for Play-off schedules. 
- FLOOR HOCKEY ... Sandbaggers 
of the Year, an award usually handed 
out each June to the biggest rip-off 
attists in Intramural Spons has 
already been announced for 1985 ... 
Capt. Dick and His Seamen are 
50000 much better than any team in 
their division that it's embar-
rassing ... Usually the czars get even 
by moving these imposters up to a 
higher division \0 the playoffs, but 
alas not this time around ... Capt. 
Dick plays at the very top (MA) ... 
Foiled? Maybe not ... we'll see how 
they fare at the California Floor 
Hockey Invitational in April ... USC, 
UC Santa Bamara, Arizona State, San 
Diego State, and a host of others will 
be waiting! 
-TEAM BOWLING ... IM Bowling 
has (inally done it! ... After years of 
trying they've finally maxed out the 
lanes at the CiJiremont Bowl on 
Sunday nights. The true 1M spirit is 
alive and well every Sunday ... lots of 
laughter no refs to yell at, a few 
toddys down the 01' throat, and fun 
but low-key competition. MartlO 
Arellano's fine 211 score is leading 
the pack 50 far ... but belteve us ... It 
won't hold up . this season IS ju t 
warming up 

1M fLOOR H
OCKEY RATINGS 

MEN AM 
1 Capt Dick (2-0-0) 

Bhtkrieg (1-0-1) 
2 T' rs (0-0-2) 

.. 3 flying 1ge b (0-0-1) 
4 pucking Dra os 

MENAA 
Skinheads (2-0- 1)Puckers (2-1-0) 
Last of the Great 
The De\ts (2-1-0) 
Whatever (2-1-0) 
Bagger RoW (3-1-0) 

MEN A 
1 F\oor Wax (3-0-0) 
2 S\ap It In (2-0-0) (2-0-0) 

S · k In The Crease 3 tiC -0-0) 
4 Biohazar~s (2B \l (2-0-0) 5 Sticks Wlth a s 
WOMEN 

Canned Her Peas (3-0-0) 
Goon Gang 0-0-2) Biohazarg~ (~;;\~~ (1-1-1) 
We Nee H'll Gang (2-1-0) 
Over The 1 .' . 

from 
the ~. 

• Budman 

8. lntere U Men A A 
9. T"rn- 0 egiates Men AI"V\ i-O 

10 Bo''''c i-O 
. x lunch Coed A 

". 11 . Flying Ph ' ~:~ ~ A ::g 
12. Bet Th IS ' VV\ i-I 

13 S · e Ranch A~ 
. tong M IVien A 

14. Team X USlcians Men 5-10 5-0 
15. Raoul Men AM 5-0 

1 Wom 2-1 6. Stop A~ en's 
17 C .'V/aking Se Men M 3-0 
18' l6 OCalOe nse 4-0 

. IV/anso Men A 
19. Mizzoun Family Coed A 
20 Five G Men AM 

uys Named Moe Men A 
Men 5-10 

Happy 
Valentine's 
Day 

~.16 
89.86 
89.75 
88.44 
87.23 

86.67 
86."*9 
85.96 
8i.29 
83.79 

UP 
PARTY 

THIS 



2 Thu rsday. Ffb. 14. 1985 
NEWS 

four backpKk thefts occurring within 
a two-hour span in Central Library on 
February 5 should convince srudents 
never to leave their belongings 
unattended. warns UCSD Police. 

The number of backpack, purse, 
wallet and book thefts has increased 
greatly in the past few weeks. This 
continuing siruation deals with the theft 
of belongings that have been left 
unattended in the libraries, the UCSD 
bookstore, the General Store and the 
Revelle Sundry Store. 

Sergeant Robert Jones of the UCSD 
Police advises students to leave 
backpacks and books someplace else 
when going to the bookstore, general 
store or sundry store. Additionally, he 
suggests that if you must carry 
something valuable to one of these 
places, ask the cashier to place your 
belongings behind the counter for safe 
keeping. Funhermore, he warns 
students not to leave their things 
unattended in the library. He says, 
"Even if you're only going to the 
restroom or to get a drink, take your 
belongings with you, especially 
calculators; it's doubtful that they'll still 
be there when you rerum." 

These types of thefts have become a 
major problem for the police department 
in recent weeks. "There's no way we can 
prevent these thefts from occurring, and , 
we realize that things aren't as secure as 
we'd like them to be. All we ask is for 
everyone to please be aware, and to do 
what they can to protect their own 
belongings," com~ents Jones. -as 

o 
"Combatting Deprusion" is the title 

of the series of workshops sponsored by 
the Psychological and Counseling 
Services that \Ifill begin Wednesday. Feb. 
20, and continue each consecutive 
Wednesday from 9-10:30 am in the 
ReveUe Informal Lounge. 

Dr. Steve Bradys, speaking for himself 
and other staff members from 
Psychological Services said, ' We have 
seen a need for alternatives to JUSt 
talking about problems." Therefore , these 
weekly workshops will offer another way 

, . • ~:$S _ ".. .• .. { :.. ~ ~ ." .•• ".' .. .. ..... ' ~ ~-». 

to overcome stress and depression-by 
using the physical body. Some activities 
include walking/jogging, dance and 
movement therapy, laughter therapy and 
the presenting of psychodramas. Guest 
speakers will lead the different sessions 
as Dr. Bradys acts as "Master of 
Ceremonies." 

Because exercise releases 
endomorphines-hormones that 
produce a kind of "narural high"-the 
ultimate objective of this group is to 
make people aware of the "joy of 
exercise as coping with emotional 
problems associated with living . .. 
because talk helps, but talking alone is 
not going to do it," said Bradys. 

For more information, or to find out 
what topic will be presented in a 
particular week, contact Dr. Bradys at 
Psych Services, 452-3755. The 
workshops are self-paced and are 
deSigned for the novice athlete and 
non-competitive individuals who just 
want to learn how to release unwanted 
pressures in their lives. Casual and loose-
fitting clothing is recommended at the 
meeting. -LP 

o 
Nonnan Cousins began his talk at the 

Instirute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation luncheon laSt Friday with a 
quote from the historian AL. Rowse: 
"The great tragedies of history have had 
one thing in common" -the victims of 
those tragedies "had no idea what was 
happening to them." 

Cousins argues that neither the 
United States nor the Soviet Union 
understands what is happening to them. 
Each views the other as its principle 
threat Yet the irony, to Cousins, is that 
the "~reatest challenge to the US comes 
from another capitalist nation , not a 
communist nation" and that "the 
greatest chaUenge to the Soviet Union 
comes from another communist nation , 
not a capitalist nation." 

According to Cousins, the threat to 
the US comes from Japanese 
competition because "you can't be 
strong unless you produce." The Soviet 
Union is not a threat to US production 

~---------~----------~ I I -
..J 

-

-

.. ~ r"' If" - .., - ~~- ~ LoI~ ~ -
-

- ~N ~jI - ,..,~ II' I I II 
-II 7. 1'.. r;. ~ , r 1 I ~ ~ I I 

I I I 

Cover: After seven years and a severe bout of outdatedness, 
the Associated Students Constitution has finally been 
amended, and approval of the changes now rests in the 
hands of the UCSD student body. The referendum comes up 
next week; the story comes up now, on page 7. 
News: Thomas Robens, 34, died shonly after he set himself on 
fire Sunday. The new indicator took too long to come out with its 
annual political analysis of UCSD, says the AS, and stands to lose 
money because of it. Student Health Advocates educate omer 
students. And a proposed state law may mandate open student 
meetings on UC campuses. 
Opinions: An examination of the AS Constitution issue, plus 
letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Working at a bum center, a UCSD student stops to 
listen to the distant lore-song of crickets, and "the writer's i" gets 
rid of a lot of pent-up Freudian frustration by lashing out at traffic 
Signals. 
Sports: Women's softball tries its luck with seven freshmen, a look 
at an ulimately parallel way to spend an afternoon, and a 
commentary on college unity (or the lack thereoO at UCSD. 
Hiatus: Wrestling, wrestling and more wrestling, a review of ~ 
Falcon and the Snowman, Patricia Patterson's Kitchen Moods, plus 
Movies and Goings On. 
Valentines: lots of Valentine's Day personals-very personals 
(pgs. 12-13). 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

because there are "no clues in Marx 
about ho~ to produce." Similarly, the 
threat to the Soviet Union is that it will 
lose its claim as "homeland of ideology" 
to its historical enemy-China. 

Yet, both the US and the Soviet 
Union are engaged in an arms race that 
is weakening both of them, Cousins 
said. He related a story of Eisenhower 
realizing in 1959 that there were highly 
placed people in the US government 
who believed the arms race to be 

desirable as an end in itself, in order to 
create the economic collapse of the 
Soviet Union. These people, according 
to Cousins, apparently do not realize 
that a totalitarian regime is more able to 
deal with economic hardship than a 
democracy is. In any case, Eisenhower's 
realization is perhaps what drove him to 
warn the Us, in his final speech, of the 
growth of the "miliwy industrial 
complex," Cousins said. 

-JR 
o asection---------------------------------~--------------~ C9) 

e 'n.i.' loses 'Disorientation Manual' money 
AFTER A UNANIMOUS vote by the AS Council, $1478.10 of the New Indicator Collective's 1984-85 funding, which was to be used for the 
publication of their annual "Disorientation Manual," was 
reallocated to the Media Board's unallocated account on 
VVednesda~ Feb. 6 . 

The money was rescinded because, according to Ken 
Cariffe, commissioner of communications, the new 
indicator failed to print the manual in what the Media 
Board considered to be a reasonable amount of time. 

"The main reason they (the Media Board) voted to 
withdraw the allocation was because the new indicator 

I hasn't published it (the manual) for five months and 
gave us no reason to believe they were going to publish it 
in the immediate furure, at least," said Cariffe. 

The manual, which has historically come OUt the first 
day of fall quaner, provides an introduction to the 
political strucrure of UCSD as viewed by the new indicator 
Collective. The publication is directed toward incoming 
freshmen. 

According to Michael Goodheim, the financial 
controller, both Cariffe and the Media Board questioned 
the usefulness of the manual, coming Out this late in the 
year. 

"They (the Media Board) felt that having it come out in 
the spring (the projected date for distribution) and then 
in the fall. would not be in the best interests ofUCSD (or) 
of the stUdent body," Goodheim said. 

The collective, however, feels that this is not the case. 
"It's not this thing 'Welcome to the Campus,'" said Robert 
Swain, the head of the New Indicator Collective. "It's 
information that you can use for the whole time (you're 
here). UC investments in South Africa don't end after the 
fall quarter, sexism on campus doesn't end after the faD 
quaner, problems of UC research being used for 

disinformation in Third World countries and to develop 
the war machine in this country don't end after fall 
quarter." 

Swain feels that the collective was slighted because the 
Media Board moved the legislation through the AS 
Council too quickly without giving the new indicator 
equal time, but both Cariffe and Michael Fahlbusch, the 
presidential appointee to the Media Board, claim that 
the new indicator had its chance but didn't try to be 
informed shout tite meetings or the collective's standing. 

According to Fahlbusch, dunng the Wednesday,Jan. 
23 Media Board meeting, when the reallocation was 
initially discussed, Swain was asked to return to the 
following meeting with information about progress 
made on the publication of the manual. Neither he nor 
anyone else from the paper attended that meeting which 
was held February 1. 

In a memorandum to an student media, Cariffe had 
changed the regular meeting time of the Board to Fridays 
at 3 pm, effective February l. Swain said that he knew 
nothing about this switch until it was too late for him to 
change his schedule and aaend or to get a replacement 

However, both the Koala and L'Chayim, who were also 
having funds reallocated, received the notice about the 
time change and sent someone to represent them at the 
meeting, Fahlbusch said. 

Cariffe presented the issue as new business at the 
January 30 AS meeting. The council then referred it to 
commiaee, specifically the Media Board, to review all the 
issues in more detail and then make a recommendation 
to council at the next AS meeting. 

On February 6, the Media Board recommended that 
the funds be reallocated and council passed It by a 
unanimous vote. Neither Swain nor anyone else from the 
new indicator attended the council meeting. According to 

Swain,"1 had no idea it was be ingdisc usscd ... not one 
of them told me it was on the agenda." 

According to Cariffe, he and members of the ntW 
indicator had reached an oml agreement that the guide 
would be out by the sixth week of faR quarter. This 
extension was arrived at by both panics because of the 
Media Budget veto by AS president Mart: Boroditsky in 
the spring of 1984 that left all of the student pmlicat:ions 
without funding ~r the surnnta'. 

Problems, not only with the lade of funding, but with 
the rypesetters which were inoperative for a IarRe pan of 
the summer, were among the reasons the Media Board 
gave the new indicator the six week extension; however, 
Cariffe said, they have still taken too long on the project. 

"They were seriously hampered over the summer, but 
that is no excuse for delaying it five months and (even) 
indefinitely." 

"We can't operate like that," he added. "We're raIking 
about $1500 of student money that can be used brother 
projects." 

Swain is convinced, however, that ~ wasn't required 
to give them a time frame. "The disoriemation manual is 
pan of the 1984-85 budget There's no stipulation when 
II has to come out (and) that's pretty shaky ground b 
them to stand on to say they had an ani .. teemenL· 

"I am positive," Carlffe said, Mdw they muId haYe 
come out in the faD." 

According to Cariffe, the new indicator wu not lxing 
singled out. "If any other newspaper tudn't published a 
journal or issue that they said they were Fing to pblish, 
then we'd ask for the money 10 come back 10 Media 
Unallocated (account)," he said. 

According to the Media Board Charter, Section 2, 
Article C, the Media Board is the pub\iser of II 
recognized stUdent media. -Ulp .. ceo, 

Man succumbs to-
self-inflicted bums 
By PHIL WlLLON & BARBARA STEARNS 

T HE 34· YEAR-OLD Encinitas man who set himself on fire on the oustide plaza of Central Library 
Sunday night died early the next 
morning at UCSD Medical Center. 

The man was identified as Steven 
Thomas Roberts, and according to 
UCSD Police Chief John Anderson, he 
had poured a can of campstove fuel 
over himself and set it on fire . Roberts 
was burning for several minutes before 
neamy students and campus police were 
able to extinguish him. He was then 
flown by Life Right helicopter to the 
Medical Center's bum unit with third-
degree burns covering 90% of his body. 

Campus police were caned to the 
scene at approximately 7:15 pm after a 
passing stUdent saw the burning body. 
Neamy stUdents tried to put OUt the 
flames using wet sweatshirts and rolling 
him on the ground. He was finaUy put 
out after a UCSD police officer arrived 
with a fire extinguisher. 

According to Anderson, Roberts, who 
was not a UCSD stUdent, was troubled 
over his financial situation, and had 
been living out of his Datsun 510 with 
his girlfriend since they moved out from 
Washington, DC two months ago. 
Roberts, who maintained an Encinitas 
post office box, had been going to 
school back east and was apparendy a 
PhD candidate, according to campus 
police. 

Roberts, who had lost his pulse, had 
to be revived by San Diego County 
Paramedics when they arrived almost 
eight minutes after the incident 
occurred. He was then taken 
unconscious, by ambulence ~ Life 
Right helicopter, which had landed on 
the .road adjacent to the campus police 
,stanon, and was transferred to the 

UCSD Medical Center's bum unit, where 
he was put on a respirator and 
intravenous support. He died at 4 am 
the next morning. 

According to Anderson, the woman 
who traveled with Roberts was waiting 
for him in the library's side parking lot 
when the incident occurred, but did not 

se~ what had happened until emergency 
umts were on the scene. She said that 
he did not tell her he was going to kiU 
himself, but that he was depressed 
about family and money problems. 

The woman, whose name was not 
disclosed, is a 19-year-old Mesa College 
student and had come to the West 
Coast with Roberts from her home in 
Washington, DC. 

Roberts picked Central Library, 
Anderson said, because "it was one of 
his favorite places to go," having 
frequented the location several times 
prior to his suicide. 

The police investigation is still on 
going, but they pretty much know what 
happened, Anderson said. 

Sergeant Robert Jones, also of the 
UCSD police, commented that it was a 
very "rare" method of suicide. He said, 
"Burning oneself is probably the most 
painful, hideous way to commit suicide. 
Roberts must have known exacdy what 
he was doing and have had a good 
reason for it. That reason is just a 
complete mystery to us.» 

A previous self-immolation at UCSD 
occurred on the Revelle Plaza in May, 
1970, when a student, George Winne, 
died after setting himself on fire to 
protest the Viemam War. A campus 
memorial in the eucalyptus grove near 
Central Library commemorates the 
act. CJ 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 

1985·1986 
Applications are available at the Muir Residence 
Halls Office through Tuesday, February 26 with job 
referral #OW4239 available at Student 
Employment. 

. 

Application deadline is Friday, March 1. 
Call 452-4200 for additional information. 

CBIifornian. 

,.,.WoIt .,.,e alia /tW .... ,U IItIfI. '18) 
,.,. ....... c.". /tW _ 'JO IItIfI. 'U) 

DlrecI»IUI ,... u.s I". 'fO) 5c..,. ...." lfa" MIJ 'J. I". $«)) 
.... 1aI ... 1'Nk .... 'UI,. '18) CcI"""'e'15 I,.,. 'll) 

0. ,..", ~ _ U. I,. mJ 
OM ,..", ...... _ U.s (1fItI. m) 

5p«/I/i.ft.s ·III bllct hal, 
A JUIl JmNce JIIoII 

760IJ Until KsU lid. {1'faI Col. Dr. ~ 16J} •• ...., 
,.,. Mlo/l {formerlll u Joll~ CUWIIfI Co.} 711 furl $t..u .101,. 

."'U70 ."'''15 
Sp«"/$ good with MI with xleckd J9jlw thlOlAgII 2/2811$ 

Happy Valentine's Day 
Monday is ~ George W~ington's birthday. friday is. Ho~r, Monday is close 

enough to qualify for a holiday, which means there will be no school and no 
Gwaniilln until Tuesday. 

We hope that you will enjoy the break; we certainly intend to. 
Oh, and by the way, todayisVa1entine's Day (see the V-Day Personals, ~ 12-13). 

Sharing health infonnation 
By LISA PAIKIN 

Sharing information about important 
current health topics is the challenging' 
job of a Srudent Health Advocate (SHA) 
here at UCSD. 

Public health is the main emphasis of 
the S.~ent Health Advocate Program, a 
SubdlVtslon of Health Education. 
Through the skiDs and motivation of 
specially trained UCSD srudents, one 
can find a reservoir of valuable advice 
on many' personal and pertinent health 
issues. There are actually two separate 
kinds of Srudent Health Advocates: Binh 

Control and General Student Health 
Advocates. Jessica Mills and Dave Levy 
are two who belong to this latter group. 

As General SHAs, Mills said, "VVe 
cover everything except relationship and 
birth control issues." Levy added, "We 
do everything ranging from skin care to 
alcohol and drug abuse." To be an SHA, 
you take a seven-week training course 
in which you're brought up to date on 
the health issues, like blood pressure." 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

benefits and regular 
Best of all. you'll 

expenence. A challenging 
most of your medical school 
paid. 

Oon't wait to get the facts. 
the coupon below now. There 
obligation. ~.~.,., .. ,-, ...... ,.--- ----------YES' Tell me how the ~ ForaI8 Hedh P!oIeuione SchoIIrship f'rogrIm 

• can help pay my ~I school ~.I ~ '*- is no obIigdon 1---: MU this coupon 10: A",* FOICeII SchoIarwhipe, P.O. eo. 1778, . 
HunIingIon SIIttion, NY 11146-2102 9006 
~ .. ID""';O AIWY o llAn o /llllfOllCe 
-_ .. _---

~L_ _ ___________________ • • " __ ~~~~ 

Ccy -- Z1p111111~ 
Phone g;g ITD.L Soc. Sk No.ITIJ IT] I I I I I • 
I--~;~~=~~~, ___ ~~~~~ Ikjii-........I 

---------- -----_ ... ,., ....... 



The Constitution of Power 
The history of the political power structure at UCSD is a familiar 

scenario for the United States of America. Basked in pleuralistic rhetoric , 
those in the lower stratum of influence are led to believe that their input 
concerning important matters is respected and will be an intrinsic pan 
of a particular decision. If you have ever been to the state of florida 
during the tourist season and not come away feeling like a part of some 
gross advertisement for architectural indulgence in senseless endeavours, 
then an anology of this blindside tackle is in order. 

In Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Palm Beach and in other places, daily 
greyhound races are held to the delight of many plump and pink 
tourists. Bets are placed, money is won, money is lost; integrity is non-
existent. The observers sit on the sidelines screaming support for their 
black and white hero, who sprints and drools around and around the 
track chasing a mechanical rabbit that it never catches. The greyhound's 
lifespan is very short; their supporters abandon them as soon as their 
losses reach a point where the odds are too great to. bet on !.h~m 

Upon entering into a political office, you instantly 
buy into a system of hierarc hy, an arena of superior 
and subordinates, 
anymore. The greyhound becomes a very perplexed pawn for he really 
did want to catch that elusive rabbit but it was always just a little too 
high on the rail to touch. If only he, too, could have run on the high, 
well-fonressed rail, success would have been assured. He would have 
eaten all the machinery and assumed the rabbit's place of 
untouchability. A panting, perennial loser of a dog who incorporates 
himself in order to protect his back. The natural instinct that instructs 
the meek, lower stratum to regroup and legitimize itself. 

Using this example, you can interpret the construction of the new AS 
constitution in two ways: 1) a document set up to protect the inherent 
rights of student-citizens through a democratized, representative body or 
2) a well-devised ploy that seeks to further protect the positions of those 
in power. Some activists believe that participation in the very process 
that represses us, the bureau regime, will always undermine the original 
intentions of the individual or group in question. Power pollutes 
whatever it touches, especially when combined with the seduction of 
greater material wealth. Upon entering into a political office, you 
instantly buy into a system of hierarchy, an arena of superior and 
subordinates, new linguistical traps and , the greatest danger of all, social 
accountability for all your actions. Of course, this danger is healthy for 
the public, for if you have enough interest in a political official's doings, 
there are plenty of sources you can go to see if his actions are washing 
with the true desires of his constitutency. Here in the United States, our 
most frequently used source that balances our idea of justice and the 
abuse of power is the Constitution. Almost all of our political structures 
have their roOts in this peculiar foundat ion of American political 
thought. Many historians tout that if not for the rather rigid adherence 
to a few of its most fundamental amendments the United States would 
have fallen into a much more deceiving type of despotism than is 
wimessed all over our land today. Franklin D. Roosevelt, in his Address 
to the Nation in 1939, proclaimed that, "You will find no justification in 
any of the language of the Constitution for delay in the reforms which 
the mass of the American people now demand." FDR had never 

encountered the Reagan Administration, nor contemporary courthouses, 
so it is not surprising that his foresight was a bit dimmed. There are 
loopholes in every document, even in ones that profess honest idealism. 

As the elitist posture of government in the United States becomes 
more defined, it is important that we take a hard look at the type of 
discourse our peers on the AS Council are practicing. Are they being led 
astray by forces that are too big for them? Secretary of Education 
William]. Bennet, the UC Regents and the UCSD Administration live in 
a world of perpetual growth where questions of social justice need not 
arise. They are the haves of this world, who believe that the have-nots' 
complaints will be ministered to in due course. They know that students 
are a transient group and gamble every year that regardless of what right 
they take away from us, we will not react strongly enough to prevent a 
similar abuse in the future. For example, the budget submitted to 
Congress by the Reagan Administration for fiscal year 1986 would 
elminiate one million past recipients of federally-guaranteed student 
loans of any more of these "gifts." Students whose adjusted growth 
income (AGI) , family or otherwise, is above $32,500 need not apply for 
loans. Those whose AGI exceeds $25,000 will be denied grants, work-
study and direct loans. The sum of $4000 is the most federal aid you 
will be able to apply for per year. Do you know why? Heed this quote by 
Secretary Bennet while defending the cuts, "In some cases, the cuts 

"In some cases, the cuts would force students to 
divest themselves of their stereos, automobiles and 
time at the beach." 
would force snidents -to divesrthemselves of their stereos, automobiles 
and time at the beach." Congress should "divest" Mr. Bill of his sense of 
reality. 

Our AS Council has a great amount of 'responsibility ahead of it in 
making sure the lobbying effort of the student population is strong 
enough to withstand this barrage of economic nonsense. The AS 
Constitution is written, and will be voted on vety soon. If passed, the 
document could become a very valuable tool by perpetuating a legitimate 
student government in La Jolla. In the years to come, there is no doubt 
that we will be confronted with more challenges like the one proposed 
by Mr. Bennet, which seeks to enforce the ideals of the Status quo on 
the relatively inexperienced student-politicans. Without a workable 
Constitution, we have no chance at stemming the tide of hierarchial 
emulation, whose waves are licking the shores of campus at this 
moment. We must implement a process of self-Iegitimazation that will 
make us feel worthy enough to rip open the facade of authoritarian 
power. We can take that mechanical rabbit in our teeth and rip his 
head right off the socket. Let us not be blank-eyed observers like those 
floridian tourists whose only recourse to being preyed upon is to watch 
sleek animals run themselves into a tizzy. 

You mayor may not believe that there are fruits to be yielded from 
participation in the electorial process. For as the despicable Mussolini 
said, "Democracy is a kingless regime infested by many kings who are 
sometimes more exclusive, tyrannical, and destructive than one, if he be 
a tyrant." But by voting on the AS Constitution, you will take a tiny step 
ahead in recreating the ideals of our sometimes noble forefathers, and 
one step away from furthering the cause of elitist bureaucrats. 

PAS1[-UP MT1S15: JOttf 
lYlIE5ITIIUc ~ ME. 

DUSMSt~ 

llce~~celf~ll®~~®If~n®~~®lf~n®~j 
tt®If~lettersn~ttttceIf~n~ttttcert 
UCSD's prohibition 
Editor: 

Thank God for the administration of UCSD. Without 
their gUidance my morals and values taught 10 me by 
my parents would go out the window, and I would 
probably join Dante in Hell . I agree, we should ban 
those Godless, Communist beer companies from 
'supporting our All American sports. Their evil money is 
actually used to sUppOrt our intercollegiate and 
intramural sport programs. I know that when I drink a 
beer I think aboUt the Bud page or Miller Team of the 
week. 

According to the Committee on Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse, these ads provoke "psychoactive 
substance abuse" (in other words, a substance that 
effects the mind and behavior of an individual, i.e. 
caffeine). Which in tum provokes illegal drug abuse, 
and thus, misconduct from students, and thus, the 
breakdown of our great God Blessed Society. 

Why should we stop here? If a banner that states, 
"It's Miller Time!" provokes psychoactive abuse, tvhat 
does a radio or television do to our fragile psyche? The 
next step should be to ban aU radios and televisions 
from the University. 

The Guardian and the alternative media will have to 
be censored to protect our brittle minds. Every day the 
l..os Angeles Times wiu have to be screened to keep OUt 
psychoactive substance ads. 

Or even better, let's copy China and build a huge 
wall completely surrounding UCSD. This way, we can 
protect ourselves from psychoactive substance 
advertisement on billboards and at grocery stores. We 
can build an entire society within our walls, thus 
creating our own moral society that will not be 
demented by evil Beer Banners. 

Yes, thank God for our new parents, the 
administration. But, what will happen when we leave 
our Mister Rodgers world of make believe? Who will 
look after us? 

College is a time when we take what our parents 
taught us and mold it into our own morals and values. 
If a Miller banner provokes tunnoil in our SOCiety, then 
I believe our society, itself, is in trouble. 

SPRING BREAK 
IN ... 

. Ira Rubenstein 

MAZATLAN 
MARCH 23 - 30, 1985 

COMPLETE PACKAGE INCLUDES: 

Doonesbury 

~,MEWCON­
CEJW£.P 7HJTT )Q.I Ml6HT ;m 
6tT IN THf; WAY OF 1H~ AT 
~ AS7llCNAlJT5 WWJ /A/IIJ., AU. 
, IIF11i/l. AU, 8UJ()IN6 '-.. 
: 7IIE !itI?JaJ5 M/alJ(? 

"" 'll/<i~~'-'--,_ 

$185 
• Round-Trip transportation by air conditioned luxury motorcoach from Mexicall 

to Mazatlan. 
• 5 Nights lodging in one of several hotels. Each hotel is on the main strip 

across from the beach. 
• Exclusive Summit Tours "Cocktail Party " 
• Exclusive Summit Tours activities - tilll contests, volleyball, etc . 
• Optional tours - bullfights, sightseeing, etc. 
• Professional Tour Escort on location 
• All taxes and service charges 
• Fly packages available 

SPACE tS LIMITED - GET YOUR RESERVATION IN NOW! 

CALL SUMMIT TOURS 
1-800-325-0439 

BE A SUMMIT REP! Earn free trips and c ommissions. 

r SEE. tIEi.L, 
THANK )()(j, 
5EJI.47rJfl. . 

Thursday, Ftb. 14, 1985 5 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

' /JARFIN'JAI(£: 
6A/lN. A~ 
ANO HIS Hl5Sl0N 

I 
/ 

5tEMSU/(£ 7HB 
7l?AJ/j~ JU5T 
GCt:6a1~, 
LaSN7 rP. /O.IJ 
lON6 HIM laI fNJ.{ 
IQIIIllN6 70 60 ()P, 

I SOl" 

1Hf. HELL. 
W!iIIY/ 'IW 

5Il1/l.fl HIM 
JlJ5T PUt f{}l. 

:aJA7Ei/ 
I 

1984·85 
LFClVRE mES 

IMAGES OF THE '80s 

"1985, Personal Insights 
and Political Realities" 
Dr. Henry A. Kissinger 
I- u rmcr Secretary of Sta te 

Tue,da y. Feb. 19.1985 
7:30 p.m. - Golden Hall 

PI,as, com~ Itl" ''';s form and _it your c"rck and a s,lf-addressed. slamp.d t'nvtlopt 10: 
IMAGES OF THE '80s 

CONGREGATION BETH ISRAEL 
251 2 Th ird Avenue , San Diego. CA 92103 (619) 239-0149 

Pricr.~ lire pc-r pt,son. 

o Patrons: $75.00 per person 
Ind ulie\ p {/ Orl/l ,,' u/tIIl< anti a rr~ 
'rl" , un ~, II h ,Jr.' XW'\( ' peaA 4, ,.lIu-
med,ute/" 1{) IIH~t I ll).! h" IU'~ 

o Reserved Se.tlng: 
$35.00 per person 

o General Admission: 
$17 .50 per person 

o Senlo,'s and Students: 
$12.00 per person 

Tickets will be mailed to you . 

,VanuJ -------------

ell .. ___ _________ _ 

~rar~ _____ _ Llp ____ _ 

"" e"h(JlI~ __________ _ 



6 Thuriday, feb. H. 1985 
~11\I(0t& " 

.. ~.:-,:~.::;:': ~ i«o'~ .. ~ ~-.-~ '. .:«..' " .. ~ ~ ." y. '-"J< ~ ,:-.; , ""-:-. 

Third and Final Phase 
THE 
PINES OF LA JOLLA 

/ II 111//11 0..;('11 /",.,'/.('0..; 1I1Ic/ /'1II C!p, '1 1I1 /11 '111</ 
, llfe''';''; I ltll' til 1/1<' I ' IIlt ·S 111/ .11 '''//11 I ', IO/S. sP' , ... 
.";1/' 11111"; ,/nc/ rtl, I/lIc ' I/I(/// '( I( IfI c·, II, ' (/1111) '/1/1' 
1': IlI'l)()/I11nl/ 1/11/11111 I/llr(/I·lls . S'II/pIII" · -; . 
/' If" IIl1illS 11111 / , ', If /(/(/(/(( /..; rdllx 1/011 1:11(01 Willi 
('lilli/WIn/II/II / nrill'r c/, ', "'01, I, /C·IIIIIfC· ... lI ·' ./" 1/11" 
1/011 In Iiollr nil, ' orlll '" / wc/" '(Jlll/loIIl. ' \ '1.";11 I)' If 
Suit·..; ( ', 'Il l" , lodo!1 

Prln's '" It·rlll!'. 
slIhjt·, ·! !o ch .. mllt' 

wi! hOll! /loll( c' 

til:~TY 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS AND COMPUTER SCIENTISTS 

The next move is yours. 

MAKE YOUR MOVE 
WITH A CAREER AT LINKABIT. 

Due to continuing expansion of our govenunent 
and commercial projects and the anticipation of new 
ones, we are inviting talented people interested in 
communications systems, digital hardware or 
software engineering to consider a career with 
UNKABIT. 

To help stay one move ahead, we've made sure 
that all career paths are flexible. For instance, our 
engineers are assigned to projects depending on their 
interests and abilities. As one assignment is 
completed, new opportunities are made available in 
a variety of areas. 

The creative, free-thinking atmosphere at 
LlNKABIT promotes excellence and is a reOection of 
our physical environment. San Diego, America's 
Finest City in location, climate, cultural and 
recreational facilities, offers you and your family an 
unsurpassed lifestyle. This invigorating setting, 
combined with the chaJlenge, satisfaction, and reward 

of a career at LINKABIT, provides an unbeatable 
opportunity to fulfill your goals. Opportunities are 
also available in the Washington, D. C. area and 
Boston. 

We offer excellent benefits and competitive 
salaries. Please contact your College Placement 
Office to arrange an on-campus interview and find out 
how you can make your move with LlNKABIT. If you 
are unable to meet with our representatives, please 
forward your resume with coUege transcripts to: 
Dennis Vincent, MIA-COM LINKABlT, 3033 
Science Park Road, San Diego, CA 92121. 

-J!-M/A-COM LlNKAln, INC. 
Equal Opportunity ' 
Aff irmative Act Ion Empk)yer 

COMPANY PRESENTATION 
Tuesday, February 19 - 12:00-1:00 pm 

The Revelle Fonnal Lounge 
Refreshments will be served. 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Wednesday, March 6 

~(5lf~lettersn<efr~<eJj~n 
1f~n<e~~<eJj~n<efrfr(E;rr~n~fr 
Guardian objectivity? 
EdilOr: 

Perhaps my response to the Campus 
Crusade/ religion on campus debate is 
somewhat tardy, but it was prompted by 
another invitation I, a clergyman, 
received to speak on a secular campus-
this time SDSU-on the issue of the reli-
gious and moral dimensions of the nuclear 
arms race. I have addressed that topic on 
this campus a number of times: in under-
graduate classes, evening seminars, on 
Revelle plaza, and to IGCC faculty gather-
ings here and on two other UC campuses. 

My question is this: if you want to 
hear what the religious community has 
to say on this issue, why are you so 
threatened by the faith which forms the 
basis of what we say? In this too. no 
less than Mr. Kole - that dangerous 
iUusionist-we are "tainted with highly 
religious ovenones." Why is the 
opinions editor of the Guardian 
threatened by this "taint" to the point of 
overkill. If Campus Crusade and 
AndreKole represent a threat to the 
supposed objectivity and neutrality of a 
secular campus with respect to religion, 
then so do others of us. Perhaps the 
illusion is nOl. as the Guardian suggests, 
Christianity, but rather, your neutrality 
and objectivity. 

Fr. Sabaue and the Catholic 
CoordinatOrs rightly point out that Jesus 
does not intend to save only those with 
a "born again" religious experience. It is 
also true that we are commanded in the 
Lord's name to feed the hungry, clothe 
the naked and visit the imprisoned. It is 
also true that we have non-Christian, 
Jewish, Moslem, agnostiC and atheist 
friends and co-workers in these efforts. I 
do not know any leaders of the 
"evangelical" groups on this campus 
who would deny that In fact, I have 
spent quite a bit of time recently with 
some of these people, assisting them in 
their effons to reach out in practical 
and very specific ways to those who are 
hungry, homeless and in prison. 

Perhaps all panies to this debate should 
look at what is really going on here. 

William P. Mahedy 
Episcopal Campus Ministry 

On prohibition 
EdilOr: 

There 's a trend sweeping this country. 
It's bigger than day-glo colors. it's bigger 
than MlV, it's even bigger than Michael 
Jackson. It is stupid and unnecessary 
laws about alcohol. The legal drinking age 
has been raised in many states, "happy 
hours" have been banned, and now the 
UCSD administration, not wanting to be 
out of style, wants to try their hand at some 
stupid legislation of their own . 

In his rough draft proposal, Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs 
Joseph Watson says that advenisement 
of afcohol may advocate irresponsible 
and illegal behavior. If these ads said, 
"Drink to excess and drive your car at 
high speeds," I might agree with him. 
But they don't. Even if they did, I find it 
hard to believe someone would do 
somethingjuSl bec~use an ad said to. 
Mr. Watson is rightly concerned about 
illegal behavior but that can be 
remedied by proper enforcement of 
existing laws, not by passage of new 
ones. If he's worried about irresponsible 
behavior then I'd like to remind him 
that responsible behaVIor in people is a 
direct outgrowth of the responsibiliues 
given to those people. Let us drink. Yes, 
some will drink tOO much, but then 
they'll learn that it isn't fun [0 be 
sloshed, hangovers are to be aVOIded, 
and (most importantly) their tolerance 
level. Then they can learn from their mis-
takes and start to act more responsibly. 

The committee Mr. Watson formed 
said these recommendations are 
modeled after the policies that UCLA 
and UCD have concerning akohol. Why 
do we care what another school's 
policies are? Let's model UCSD's 
policies on common sense and damn 
·our brethren campuses." 

Being a rdtional SOrt of individual, 1 
tend to resist fads. I hopeourwell-meaning 
administration will do the same. 

Dan Harkins 

Thursday, Feb. 14, J!M$ 7 
NE~ 

,/,: ~ ~ ~ .; _, 9-":- •• ,' •• ,"~ ~ r -./. ;',',1. ~ • .; . r • '''d 0:'Mr;6?'. ~ 1- ~.:-: ." .:-' ,.,:'r.'-",; r::-r'.'~·"ra.'; 

Cover story 

Constitution referendum next week 
By SUZANNE UPSON, SlaffWrm 

THE NEW ASUCSD IS-page constitution will be put forth to studerus February 19 and 20. 
Their yes or no vote will determine the 
ratification or rejection of the document 
that has been in the making for three 
years. If passed. it will become effective 
the fall oll985. 

In an aacmpt this week to arouse 
student interest in the referendum vote, 
Robin Newland, AS elections 
commissioner, arranged several informal 
question and answer sessions reprding 
the new consdtution. Copies of the 
constitution arc placed at over campus; 
in the libraries, cafeterias, EDNA and 
MOM. 

Newland said that this constitution is 
"a hard, expc~ive referendum. It 
involves an unfamiliar document that 
(studerus) do not see as reflecting 
them.M 

Last quarter, Newland posted banners 
and sent letters to every UCSD student 
hoping that they would spark student 
interest. The letter reminded students 
that ~any person duly registered as an 
undergraduate at UCSD shall be a full 
member of ASUCSD." Newland said that 
"people acted favorably to the letter." 
She also went to major organizations 
such as Co-ops. on-campus Stores and 
coDege councils. urging them to promote 
awareness of the referendum issue. 
Newland wants students to realize that 
"It is an important referendum that 
deserves their time, consideration and a 
yes or no vote." 

AS President Marc Boroditsky pointed 
out that outstanding growth of the 
UCSD campus has made the existing 
co~titution defunct. "As the campus 
expands, so do the responsib!lities of 
the student government,· Boroditsky 
said. The present constitution lacks the 
necessary delegation of authority that is 
needed to insure that the job of 
ASUCSD is properly carried out. 

The realization of the need for new 
constitutional rulcs and guidelines came 
about three years ago. Meetings took 
place and student opinions were voiced. 
However, it was not until last year that 
Significant advancements came about. A 
revising committee of about six 
dedicated core students. including 
Boroditsky and Vice President Mary 
Rose Alexander, and others in the AS 
government, worked on creating 
amendments to the present constitution. 
But this proved to be an overwhelming 

and pointless task. Boroditsky said, "The 
document is filled with loopholes and 
contradictions. There is no point in 
amending a worthless document." 

An original, detailed outline was 
created by Ken Davenpon, a senior 
studying political science here at UCSD. 
As a 199 independent study, under the 
direction of Peter Irons, associate 
professor of political science at UCSD, 
Davenpon researched other university 
constitutions. considered the present 
and future status of UCSD and came up 
with the constitution soon to be found 
in voting booths around campus. 

Davenpon explained that "the whole 
drive was a response to the fact that the 
old (constitution) was not a progressive 
piece of legislation. It did not allow for 
expansion." This issue of expansion 
incorporates physical growth of UCSD-
related land and buildings as well as the 
increasing number of students. "This 
constitution is a response to the need to 
diversify the responsibilities of the AS," 
said Davenpon. 

AS-related organizations generate 
$700,000 and oversee 150 budgets. 
With these numerous responsibilities , 
proper time management is ctucial. 
Boroditsky said that 80% of his time 
during meetings is spent on financial 
concerns. If these specific issues could 
be handled in their appropriate 
commiaees before reaching the general 
meetings, conference time could be 
spent more efficiently. 

In consideration of this problem, 
major changes in the new constitution 
are in the area of membership of 
council. Currently, only the duties of the 
president and vice president are 
outlined. However, in the new 
doc),lment, Davenpon Included one 
presidential position, three vice 
presidents, six officers, college senators 
and nine ex-officio members of council. 
Every position has specific obligations. 

The president will remain the chief 
executive of the ASUCSD. The three 
vice-presidential positions will be 
invested with power that was formerly 
given to commissioners. Each vice 
president controls a different area of 
student affairs: 1) administrative affairs, 
2) external affairs and 3) financial 
affairs. 

The least re-organized position is that 
of the administrative affairs vice 
president. He or she will remain second 
in line and act as president when the 
president is away. This vice president 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates Medicol Group's profeSSional concerned 
slaff can give you Ihe support you need when making decisions 
aboul your personal health core needs. Coillodoy for on immediote 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wail 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

., fAMilY PlANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

will act as chairperson at meetings, 
watching closely affairs of the council. 

The vice president of external affairs 
replaces the external affairs 
commissioner and serves as a student 
body council representative, appoints 
the lobby annex director and is 
chairman and coordinator of lobbies. It 
is a powerful position that concerns 
itself with local issues as weD as lobbies 
in Sacramento. Davenpon said, "We 
gave it executive power so it could be 
more effective. We want to facilitate 
relations with other UCs. 

Davenpon described the last new 
vice-presidential position of finance 
commiaee as "a really big depanure 
from before." He said the intention of 
these specialized duties is to aim toward 
making "AS more fiscally independent 
and responSible." Its responsibiliry is to 
advise the president and council and 
handle budgeting maners. This vice-
president also serves as the chair of the 
ASUCSD finance committee. This 
depanment also handles aspects such as 
investments, expenditures and 
allocations of AS money, which is 
planned [0 be invested like UC Berkeley 
and UClA do. AS wants its money to 
work for it more than it has in the past. 

Below the vice presidents in the 
student government hierarchy are six 
commissioners who regulate public 
relations, communications. 
programming, academic affairs, 
operations/ services and enterprises and 
chairperson of the University Center 
Board. Although these positions are 
powerful, final authority still lies in the 
hands of the legislative committee. 

Below the commissioner positions are 
the college senators (fonnerly referred [0 
as representatives), each of whom is of 
a different college and class standing. 
This diversity should provide good 
representation of the student body. 
Davenpon's intent with this new 
addition is "to spark more interest in 
issues at a coDege level." 

Davenpon himself was a Muir 
Representative twO years ago. He 
explained that in the past, coDege 
representatives were not diverse enough 
and college councils were often used by 
special interest groups as stepping 
stones to become involved with major 
political AS issues. 

Davenpon said that the freshman 
pOSition may be conu:oversiaL But he 
said that geaing freshman interest is 
important and if the new constitution is 

handled properly in freshman 
orientation packets and by the 
orientation leaders and house advisors, 
then the freshmen will want to get 
involved. 

In suppon of his new plan, 
Davenpon designed the system so that 
the freshman senators will be elected in 
the winter, whereas all other officers wiD 
be elected in the spring. Other AS 
members can help this senator. 
"Freshman representative is a position 
with less immediate responsibilities in 
which one can slowly learn the ins and 
outs." 

Following the senators are the nine 
appointed ex-officio members of council 
who control areas of: 1) alumni 
representative, 2) graduate student 
representative, 3) administrative 
representative, 4) ASUCSD student 
advocate, 5) ASUCSD financial 
controller, 6) ASUCSD lobby annex 
director, 7) ASUCSD judicial board 
chairperson. 8) UCSD student 
affirmative action council representative 
and 9) UCSD student body president 
council representative. 

Other major changes in the new 
constitution include more detailed 
election procedures and monetary 
policies, a very important depanment, 
especially with the development of [he 
new University Center. 

Under the area of "consideration of 
fees," it sped fically mentions KSDT, 
Media Board, Operation/Service 
Enterprises, College Council and 
Student Lobby. 

Aniele IX, the last asnic\e of the 
constitution, is titled "Definitions." Here, 
words often used in government-related 
issues are defined so as to avoid any 
ambiguity and insure effiCiency. 

This new constitution is a far cry 
from the original and presently-followed 
scam, nine-page constitution, referred to 
as "the tequila constitution." This 
document was wrinen with a pen and 
bottle of tequila in hand one night in 
1977. 

That was the year when AS was 
reestablished after having been voted 
out. During the '60s and early 70s, the 
AS was turned into a Co-op. Anyone 
could be an official of the board and 
exercise power after attending only 
three meetings. Although this may have 
encouraged student involvement. it 
resulted in a lack of a cohesive student 
governmenr. ~ 

1·········· .. ··························· .. ·············· ................................. ~ 

! EARN i ! i 
i 3-6 UNITS! 
IN 6 WEEKS I 

L ........... , ......................................................................... i 

START FEB. 25 
MESA COLLEGE 

Accelerated Term 
Only $5 per unit. 6 or more units flat 

fee of $50 maximum. 
G.E. Reqs., & more. Transferable. 

Register in Mesa Admissions Office. 
7250 Mesa College Dr., San Diego 

230-6906 



--- - -=- -- - - - --- -~::-~=--- ..:..--~=-- ~- -- ~--- ~ --=- -=-=- -~------=--.::-- -=--=-- -

VOTE FEB. 19 
FEB. 20 

The polls will be open Tuesday, Feb. 19,9:00-4:00 and Wednesday, Feb. 20,9:00-3:00. 
Booths are located on the Gym Steps, Revelle Plaza, M.O.M., Peterson Hall, and 

(Warren) Registrars. 
Special Cafeteria Hours Tuesday. 

Warren and Revelle Cafeterias-4:30-S:30; Muir Cafeteria-S:OO-6:00 

ASUCSD 
ELECTION COMMITIEE 
-----------PRO----------~-----------CON------------

. The present ASUCSD Constitution has been in ef[ectsince 1977 and was written 
[or a student body of a much smaUer scope: 

• withoul A.S. Student Services (ASIO, lecrure Notes, Soft ReselVes, Assorted 
Vinyl) 

• with an ASUCSD population of 7000 
• with a minimum number of ahemarive media 
• with a minimum number of srudent organizations 
• with a limited number of financial responsibiliti!!s 
• with a minimal amount of facilities 
• with no responsibility beyond the UCSD campus 

• The present ASUCSD Constitution is not compatible with the growth of the 
campus and ASUCSD. Since 1977, the ASUCSD population has nearly doubled . 
Currently, ASUCSD has: 

• seven A.S. Student Services 
• nine altemative media 
• over 150 student organizations 
• increased financial responsibilities close to $700,000 
• plans for a l00,OOO-square-foot UniverSity Center to begin ground-breaking 

in the academic year 1985-86 
• increased external responsibilities which include representation in 

Sacramento and Washington, OC. 

• The proposed ASUCSD Constitulion better selVes the campus and .the U~SD 
community by reorganizing the internal structure WIthin the ASUCSD , inclUding: 

• widening the executive branch to facilitate greater administrative, finanCial , 
and external efficiency within ASUCSD 

• outlining clearly legislative and judiciary responsibilities 
• increasing ren ... sentation within the individual colleges and by class 
• The PROPOSl::.u ASUCSD CONSTITUTION has been unanimously endorsed 

by the A.S. Council , 1984-85. 

As of the time of printing. 
no con arguments have 
been submitted to the 

AS. Election Committee. 

Remember to bring your UCSD Picture ID 
when you go to VOTE, 

nllUsday, Ftb. 14. 1985 9 
Ne~ ~ 'l~'" ~ ~.. ~;.:, ........ »..... ~~ .. , x :;;: ,,,-:0: ~ .... . Yo -:- • .., • ~~ ....... .~. •• ,>'~ ~~ . ~ • 't:~ -i-'. • ... "Y; •• ' ,r,. x·;,'» ~ "'j.:; " ...... ' :r- ... 

Senator calls for requiring 
open student govt. meetings 

.SHA 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
The purpose of their training, according 
to Levy, is "to-create a 'module'''-a type 
of presentation, such as a straight By JANE ROSENBERG, 5Gcrdrnento Comspolldt"t 

T HE EXPULSION OF student reporten from a UCLA student govemment retreat last year may 
inspire the first state law mandating 
open srudent meetings on University of 
Califomia campuses. 

Sen. Bany Keene, who co-authored 
the state open meeting law 11 yean ago, 
said Wednesday (Feb. 6) he is waiting 
for a statement from UC President 
David Gardner on the matter before he 
takes any action. 

"We just want to see the problem 
solved." the Vallejo Democrat said. "We 
want to see if it isn't necessary-if we 
could do this in a less cosdy and time 
consuming manner." 

Keene was referring to a November 
retreat of the ASUCLA. Board of Control, 
in which four reporters-two from 
campus radio station KIA and the 
othen from the ~ Bruin-were 
expelled. 

Former 80C Chainnan Paul 
Robichaud batred the press from the 
retreat under an April 1980 board policy 
making such meetin&, "off the record" 
to reporters, who could only attend if 
they made arangements in advance. 

Under the Bagley-Keene Act, 
community college and California State 
Univenity governments are subject to 
the same open meeting requirements as 
state boards and commissions. These 
Include deadlines for posting agendas 
and aUowing time for public testimony. 

But when then-Assemblyman Keene 
was writing his bill in 1974, he agreed 
to exempt UC student govemments · 
when then-UC President Charles Hitch 
promised individual campuses would 
adopt their own guidelines. 

Keene said he hadn't heard any 
complaints conceming UC student 
govemments and open meeti"&, until 

-)'rill "I(' IlIId 11/0 '"11('11 III (/ri"k, 
/('/111(' dril)(": 
"NI)b(/dlJcI,.il'f'.~ /III/crr,.blli /lie: 

.... ING AND DRIVING 
CAN KI.L A FR .... 

. 

, 

one of his consultants, Greg deGiere, 
informed him of the UClA incident. 

RecaDlng Hitch's earlier agreement on 
open meetings, Keene wrote to Gardner 
January 28, "If the university stiD has nOI 
carried out these committrnents, 1 
believe it would be prudent to do so 
now and avoid the necessity of 
legislative action." 

Keene also called the 80C action 
"arbitrary" and asked Gardner to 
"imagine my surprise" when he heard 
about the problem. 

Keene said a statement from Gardner 
that UC is still committed to open 
student govemment meetings would 
convince him that legislation isn't 
necessary. 

Waiting for Gardner's reply is "far 
better than subjecting the Legislarure to 
an issue that's a non-issue. The 
Iegi slarure is reluctant to intrude 

. unnecessarily into the affairs of the 
university." Keene said. 

In 1982, Keene introduced legislation 
to make UC Academic Senate meetings 
open after he heard reports that student 
reponers at Davis could only attend 
meetings if they didn't quote Senate 
speaken, deGuiere said. 

But the biD, which encountered fierce 
opposition from the university, died in 
the Senate Education Committee, 
deGuiere said. 

Keene said he didn't know if UC 
would lobby against a student 
government bill, but noted the Regents' 
autonomous status under the state 
constirution would have made it difficult 
to include Student govemments in the 
first biD 11 years ago. 

"They've (the Regents) succeeded in 
certain respects in maintaining 
themselves as unique, but whether that's 
appropriate here, 1 don't know," Keene 

BUSINESS AND 
TWCHNICAL MAJORS 

Htghfy responsible positions tor 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 34) in flnandal 
and logIstlc support The Navy 
iUPP'YCorpsneedshiglly 

. I~Hfled, c¥lanic Individuals ~ lead and manage large 
irwntory a1d financial 
networks. SaJary Sl8,SOO to 
start, S]4,OOO after 4 years. 
Excellent belleflts pa~. 
Need BNtIs, u.s. dtlzenship, 
c.I.f8wII ...... _. 
ProtI'-' 291-6,46. 
Marl W.d 81." 4 .... _ 

said. 
UC Vice President for Academic 

Affairs William Frazer is now 
investigating the UCLA incident, UC 
Spokeswoman Ulia Villanueva said. The 
inquiry will include interviews with BOC 
members and student media 
representatives, as well as a review of 
whether BOC is a Student government, 
she said. 

As the official executive body of 
ASUCLA, BOC could be considered a 
student government, Villanueva said. But 
the composition of the board-six 
students and four representatives drawn 
from the administration, faculty and 
staff-and its duties of running the 
business side of ASUClA could put it 
under a different light, she noted. 

"The burden is on that body to 
distinguish itself." Keene said. "If it can 
not do so, 111 probably introduce 
legislation. " 

UC Student Lobby Interim Director 
Jim Lofgren said he hopes to meet with 
Keene before any le~lation is 
introduced. Although Lofgren said he 
favors S!Jch a proposal, it could create 
more paper work for student 
governments. 

Former Director Ron Balestrieri had 
deeper concerns about Keene's plans, 
however. Before resigning this week, 
Balestrieri said the lack of an open 
meeting law and Keene's push for one 
could make student motives appear 
contradictory when the lobby begins to 
fight for the legislature's approval of the 
Free Speech Movement resolution. 

That biD, authored by Sen. Nicholas 
Pettis CD-Berkeley), commemorates the 
Free Speech Movement and recognizes 
People's Park in Berkeley as a memorial 
to the Movement. iii 

lecture or a brainstorming session, that 
will eventually become a basis for a 
Speaker's Bureau. levy added that 
people in the dorms or any campus 
groups can make an arrangement to 
have one or rwo SHAs give a talk on a 
particular topic of interest. 

The Speaker's Bureau was jUst 
established this quaner, and already 
there are "more requests than we can 
handle." Mills said. From a long list of 
topiCS, including such ,things as skin 
care, blood pressure awareness and cold 
care, the most popular are drug and 
alcohol abuse, stYess and nutrition, 
according to Levy. 

In addition to leading discussions as 
a member of the Speaker's Bureau, an 
SHA is also responsible for working in 
the Srudent Health Center, where he or 
she gives blood pressure screenings and 
sees people with minor illnesses. 

All the work the Student Heahh 
Advocates do is volunteer. When asked 
why she got involved in the program, 
Mills replied, "I'm a pre-med student, 
and it's one of the ways ~ practical 
experience in what the h 
profession is all about." 

"I think one nice thing about working 
in the Health Center," levy commented, 
"is if you really are interested in a career 
in the health profession, after you see 
ten to 15 people in an hour who are in 
a shitry mood or who have a high fever, 
you can teU after a while if this is really 
for you." 

Being an SHA "really makes you feel 
like you're doing something." said levy. 
Anyone can become an SHA by O'·ling 
the Health Education Office at ~ ent 
Health Services to sign up for a. ming 
class that starts the beginning of each 
quarter. Mills noted, "Very few people 
are aware that this exists." Ii:) 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 
Copies • Reductions' Enlargements 

Peupon Phocos • BInding' And much morel 

4 1/2( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon .• ThurI. • am •• pm 
Frl. • am·6 pm 

Sat. .0 am ·1 pm 
SWt. .2 noon • a pm 

.74775 
1156 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near RaIpha • SWOn) 



Giving lovers crickets in bamboo cages 
By MO~TE ROSEN 

M y FATHER HATES CRICKETS. They sing 01 love, for love. "A man must grow beyond his 
need for love," he says with frowning 
eyes. He steps on crickets. 

Looking into her eyes, I feel a great 
wall between us, constructed by her 
fears and made concrete by her injuries. 
I want to show her that she has nothing 
to be afraid of. Only I'm uncertain that 
this is true. My father's voice rings 
falsely hollow in my mind, but 
somewhere I feel that he is right. He is 
a ppysician and my teacher. 

I work with tragedy and pain, 
sometimes death . My tools are 
professional tasks, procedures which 
allow me to focus my attention on these, 
and not the realiry beneath my ringers. 
My father knows all these tasks , and 
thousands more , yet he still projeCts a 
Studied persona of empathy. He cares 
about the people he aids. He is moved 
by great compassion. And his 
justirications supersede his actions. He 
teaches me, at length to laugh at 
unrelated things, while suffering 
surrounds us. 

One night in the emergency room, 
while crickets sang elsewhere, I emerged 
from the bathing room with my patient, 
a 90-year-old black woman singing to 
me for mercy, only to find a new patie_nt 
awaiting my anention. When I looked 
into her eyes, I was stricken. I didn't 
cry, bur I wanted to. She was so little for 
her eyes. Her brown, unkempt hair, 
dirty like her face , ova led her eyes, 
which communicated animal fear. Such 
a little girl surrounded by towering 
adults, who can only help her by 
in Dicting therapeutic pain. Heather had 
a large, half-healed bum on her 
abdomen and was clothed only in a 
diaper. When the nurse started her IV, 
she opened her mouth in a silent 
scream. Crying with a mewing that 
reminded me of lost kittens, she 
translated me into the place where I see 
lost connections. 

small jaces named heather 
her haunting eyes 

too quiet 
you jearful lillie animal 

hurt, oh you 're hurt 
in a way only the world 

nnows how to hurt ... your eyes ... 
stare at me 

jrom behind Helsen wire 
heather, they're your eyes, 

they plead to me 
jrom huge Ethiopian heads 

heather, they're yours! 

ANSWER ... , my answer is not 
enough jor a reality ready 
to create pain, out oj this 

ANGER ... Jor reality is people 
hurting people .. . 

Li.s tening heather? .. . 
your ears, your ears are hurt, 
by your mother's hell, deajened 

your mouth opens in a silent cry ... 
is anyone listening ... There is 
something horrible smoldering 
in you, and now it is in me. 

My father loves me. He tells me this 
often. I believe him. Only when I look 
in the mirror, I see something different 
than what he sees. Driving towards 
home one day, on Interstate 6 west, 
after working a fairly slow shift together, 
we started arguing the Pan-Africanist 
position towards Israel. I used the 
potent arguments, which have 
convinced me, although they:ce not my 
own, and he got angry. 

Goddammit, Monte , I'm so sick and 
tired of hearing the same bullshit from 
Marxists. It never changes. And now I'm 
hearing the same arguments from my 
son. Can't you think for yourself, fer 
Christ-sake?" He chaStises me for n()( 
being original and not thinking through 
the consequences of these "rhetorical 
lies." Yet the wholesale feelings he signs 
make me nervous when I see them in 
him. 50 I tell him: 

"You know, you have bought 
something I can never buy, the 
American dream. You hide your fear 
behind its strengths and behind its 
comforting lies. You accuse me of not 
being original in my arguments. Well , 
you're living someone else's ideals ." 
Needless to say, we both lost the 
argument and we lost something much 
more valuable, something innocent 
berween us. Now my anger equals his. 
We are the same in the respects beyond 
our own Sight, and we differ in what we 
must give one another. I love my father 
and tell him whenever I feel it. 

It often rains during the summers in 
Colorado. Buckets of cold, wet rain 
drench the streets and make driving an 
adventure. I felt like that whenever I was 
out with Shari . Being with her was an 
advenrure because we were both 
cheating. When I wondered why we 
were together, I would always lie , 
rationalizing my indiscretion and 
pursuing my visions. I remember one 
night in particular. We went out to 
dinner at her favorite Chinese retaurant, 
the Garden Paradise. At the restaurant, 

we spoke of happiness, and we resolved 
that perhaps neither of us knew why we 
were together. Idle talk about our shared 
workplace filled out the rest of the 
evening, until we were about to leave. 

"You really remind me of your father, 
especially when you frown. It's very 
discomfoning since he's my boss," Shari 
said. "You know, it's like when the boss 
frowns, everyone makes tracks. 
Incredible temper. It's especially 
devastating when you've fucked up, or 
you think you've fucked up." I 
concurred, remaining quiet. I told her 
she was beautiful and she deflected it 
back, saying: 

"I feel outclassed tonight. You're 
dressed to the hilt!" I laughed, looking 
at the swamp boots and studded white 
shirt under my father's ankle-length 
wool overcoat. I never really enjoyed 
dressing up until I met her. We left 
going to our separate cars after a long 
embrace. On the boulevard, I laughed at 
the radio and the situation, driving 
north side by side , glancing over at one 
another, smiling. The rain was falling in 
sheets and the streets reflected the neon 
and vapor street lamps. She was going 
home to her live-in boyfriend , driving 
her hated Mustang D, with the 
reflections swirling around her face and 
the raindrops on our separate windows 
dividing us. She was very beautiful, 
radiant after our lovemaking and 
satiated after dinner. 

As she turned off towards home, I felt 
sorry for her, because it seemed better 
to return to an empty bed , rather than 
one with a cold shoulder. Warm covers 
and sleepy contentment are better than 
a stony embrace. Shari loved him, as 
she should , but he never expressed his 
feelings for her. Still, she worried that 
this affair might crush him but carried 
on as if unconcerned, driven by her 
need for passion. I was worried as well , 
for him and for myself, because despite 
my brief acquaintance with him, I felt 
responsible for her dissatisfaction with 
him, like there was something I could 
have or should have done. Yet I knew 
that this dilemma was theirs; I had my 
own. I remember being struck by the 
odd realization that, whenever you rry to 
rind a cricket by the sound it makes, 
you can't because it throws its chrip like 
a ventriloquist, creating the illusion of 
presence where it is not. 

Heather lay there swaUowed by the 
hospital bed, beautiful and innocent. I 
felt love and compassion for her, but I 
was also consumed by anger. Her bums 
were physically repulsive and readily 
apparent, but only by looking in her 
eyes could her psychological anguish be 
seen. I'd seen those eyes before, before 
the tiny face that they stared out of 
now. I'd seen Heather's eyes in 
nightmarish visions, heralding famine 
and mass death. I swallowed my gaU 
and again felt the love for her that I 
could never verbalize, so I showed her. I 
washed her face with warm water, then 
I cleansed her wound gently, watching 
her face for cries of pain. She lay there 

watching me, never smiling. I smiled 
and cooed, caught by her eyes. 

I was haunted by her silent cry. I kept 
wondering why she didn 't bawl like 
other babies. As her smoldering eyes 
looked up at the doctor, I accidently 
sent a Steel basin crashing to the Door. 
She didn't blink, or change her gaze. 
The doctor diagnosed that Heather must 
be deaf, as weD. He said: 

"Her bum is healing well, with no 
infection. And she appears, otherwise, 
to be fairly healthy." I felt ironic and said: 

"Yes, isn't it amazing the regenerative 
powers of the young?" Would she ever 
recover, too young to be counseled and 
deaf, beyond the ambiguity of words? I 
loved Heather so much and couldn't teU 
her. I wanted to scream, to rage at the 
injustice of Heather. Seeing her eyes, I 
again wondered if she could recover. 
The police officer, who brought her to 
the hospital, came in to say goodbye. 

"The mother is under arrest for 
neglect and abuse. But shell get off, 
because she's a drunk," the police 
officer said . "The state will take care of 
this little girl, so don't you worry, 
honey." I wondered if she hated her 
parent for the abuse, for hurting her. 
Probably she didn't know of any other 
kind of love. She never smiled. Thinking 
of crickets finding one another, despite 
their virtUal blindness, gave me some 
hope. They don't need to see, as they 
live by each other's song. 

Shari stopped seeing me after my 
father walked into the room where we 
both lay on my bed. He wasn't angry, 
just disappointed that his son would be 
so indiscreet. She, however, felt that she 
couldn't look him in the eye, ever again. 
She didn't think being with me was 
worth the looks she kept getting at 
work 

Natuda wrote: "Love, to us, was the 
only thing that made us maner." We 
could have loved each other in different 
conditions; if I had felt more paSSionate, 
more convinced, if she had been 
herself. But we were both caught up in 
visions, which had nothing to do with 
the other, except that we had tried to be 
something the other wanted. When I 
saw Shari alone, (or the last time, she 
asked: 
. "Are you mad at me?" I thought, 

frowning; what role would I be playing if 
I were? Would she see me as her father, 
or mine? I replied: 

"I'm mad, but not at you." I thought of 
the ancient Japanese custom of giving 
lovers crickets in bamboo cages, and I 
wished I had bought one to give her. 

I learned of myself, over time, that I 
. resent my father. Everything I do for 
myself out of respect, admiration or 
emulation of him fails. It cost me very 
much to learn this of myself, and even 
more to teD him. When I did , he said 
he understood , that it was the same 
be~en him and his father. I laughed at 
this irony, sa'N his acceptance of my 
resentment transform into his love for 
me . I hoped I could master my feelin~ 
tOO, but without ever having to hate 
crickets. i3 

.' . 

tho writor'g o o 

Traffic lights are. 
By PHIL LAUDER 

T HE SIGNAL AT THE CORNER of La Jolla Village Drive and La Jolla Scenic Drive went into operation last week. It lay there for weeks, lifeless but ominous, poised to at any moment 
accept the current through its veins that would make its ugly 
red light rear up and laugh at you just when you thought 
you would make it safely up the hill to campus. 

Signals have been popping up all over the place 
lately. And I'm not pleased. I have an interesting 
rappon with these beasts, a sort of love/ hate 
relationship: I hate them and they love to nail 
me. 

My hometown of Alpine has several 
redeeming features, not the least of which is 
that there faint a bloody signal in the 
whole town. The same cannot be said 
about the community in which 1 now 
reside. That's La Jolla's loss. I often 
wonder what this place would be like 
without them; sometimes, when a signal 
dies around here, it seems that everyone 
gets along just fine with the intersection 
turned into a four-way stop. Makes one 
wonder. 

Face it, some signals are downright 
stupid. Take the one at 1-5 and the ena of 
Gilman. Please. Why is that there? They 
added this street caUed La Jolla Colony 
Something to the end of Gilman. Fine. But 
instead of putting up a stop sign for the people on 
that road so that the traffic off 1-5 could tun freely, 
they put up a damn light. Maybe eight cars a week 
come from lllJolla Colony Drive, and they could easily 
stOP and rum right onto the freeway immediately or wait a 
few seconds for the cross-traffic to clear so they could go 
Straight. But no! They need the protection of'ihe signal. My guess is 
that the minimum income required to live on lllJolla Colony Drive is 

• 

YOUR CAN LEARN TOMORROW'S 
TECHNOLOGIES IN TODAY'S NAVY 

• 

Tomorrow's technologies, tomorrow's careers are waiting for you 
right now in the Navy. Sophisticated technical fields like computers, 
electronics, communications and engineering. If you've got solid 
training in these areas, you can have a solid future. 
And there's no better place to get solid training in these technologies 
than in today's Navy. If you quality, you can sign up for guaranteed 
training in the field of your choice and start after you graduate, 
The skiDs you'D learn will last a lifetime. The places you can visit, you'll 
remember for the rest of your life. 
To find out more, caD your local Navy representative: 
ToD-free 1-800-222-6289, Monday-Wednesday, 8 arn-4 pm. 

NAVY. IT'S NOT JUST A JOB. IT'S AN ADVENTURE. 

uh. • 

Thursday, Ftb. 14, 1985 11 
~ECl' ,fa ~. 

. interesting, no? 
three mil a year, and these people bought that light for their own 

personal use. Thank you, Paine Webber. 
It is a sweet day when you can make it from one end to the 

other of a main drag such as lllJolla Village Drive without 
getting nailed by a red light. It is a sweet day at about 3 

am shortly after a nuc.!ear holocaust, more likely. I 
make it cleanly through the signal at North Torrey _ 

Pines and Torrey Pines about one out of evety five 
times. Same on the average for the light at La 
Jolla Village Drive and Villa La Jolla-maybe 

one out of three times going west, one out of 
seven going east. So that means that on the 
average I face a one-in-25 longshot of 

making it through just those rwo signals. 
And those are just two out of what on some 
occasions seems to be about 375 lights. 
Those occasions usually occur when you 
are already three minutes late for a job 
interview or a final exam or something-
you're just close enough so thata linle luck 
will save you. And then you watch the 
third consecutive out-of-range yellow light 
rum red, and you curse and rave and hit 

the steering wheel and slam your head 
through the windshield and life sucks. But at 

least you take it well. 
There are a lot of signals around that one can 

be sure to deal with real well. Real well. There is 
a tunning banle over which is the worst signal in 

the county. Because we UCSD students have to deal 
with it so often, the one at the comer of North Torrey 

Pines and Torrey Pines probably gets a few votes from 
this audience . The signal at Rosecrans and SpOTts Arena 

Boulevard in Pt. Lorna also gets high marks, especially after a 
sockers game or a HaD and Oates concen. There's a liRht at Mission 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 17 ) 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 
Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg. $25 
Men S10, reg. $19 
For appointment, please call 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Or. , Suite 2120, La Jolla 
(behind EI Torito & Rodeo · directly across the ramp) 

Test yourseH. 
Which early pregnancy test is as 

easy to read as red, no":"'white. yes? 

Which is a simple one-step test? 

Which has a dramatic color change 
to make the results unmistakable? 

Which is 98% accurate, as accurate 
as many hospital and lab tests? 

Which is portable for convenience 
and privacy? 

i snld e laS no.,\ 
'lq~P 3J,no.,\ 

1 



, 

12 Thursday. ftb. 1", 1985 
~ ~~ ~ .... ~ '~~ ~'8:!~~ ~ 

. . . ...::: .'~ ~ 
$ .••. ,"~.';':"~. »:f., ............. _._._ ... _-:.-:: .... , .. ;.~. .~.. . . 1) 

Sal Veaa: II mIo anloo ottlmo. E<:oo quaIooea 
per LeIlWe'Ii meeaRornaquesto8ltate. l.oYe. 
RJH. P.s. Tutti I poaegerl hanno QUelto 
tugllo ... Good luck on your midterm. 

RobIn c:J Che: ~ dellg"l1ecMM cadI8I 
with loti c:J time for happlnea seek It, 

AnIta R: Can you Imagine something more 
~ than being stupllled? 

Dea Walls: Stop mcMrlg. l.cMt. the ~ 

Old tiger 8';81: To rTTt' to.atte Smith. It Is not the 
way you smoke those vegetables that makes 
me dig You It has something to do with the 
WO( you stand on the tables. Happy 
Valentine's Day from the most serious guy In 
the whole world. 

ArTfo( Roblnson: I thougn you 
hcNe your nome In here so 
Valentlne's Dayl 

Dear Shaoo: Please cheer upllt Ca"I·t 
bod-1aJgh once In a whilel kid 
great Valentlne·s Dai. lhe ed. 
Rona: Who Ca"I tell wt",we becomeobl-.M1Cf 
with the great ones Maybe beca _ they 
make us JeeI lowly-which may be true c:J 
you. 

You little shltl Tu me. Rend folie! Happv hMnlp 
do(l Luv-ParIcy Little Jello B'sl 
Courtne>(, 'PJ ci1Ie, 
bean CW8lOlTl8 10 
Happ,t Valentine's Dai. 
HI DepeshIHere's 15C,hop 
go on a pygmvl l..cNe you 1nItII"TInl~~;'" 
Franco-AmerlCa"I. rm M but Iet·s 
dessertl Happy Valentine's Davl-RalI.lbII. 

Frank J. Hor)9y'bl.ms. Happ,t V 
Love, friends c:J Woofard. 

HCXJpV Valentines Dai Volent I Vou're our 
little scrutr-muttln. Love .len Scott. 

Ms PllIon: How wonderful It to ldenttty one 
who Is wonderfUl a"ld thy heat. Q.je 
mas quleres? 

Happy Valentines Dai to mv big Sis Julie. m; 
AOII BIg SIs UIys. and m; ne.v Abil UI SIs Shenyl 
RoMs to all d youlLove, Jenny. 

CtYIstlne, we·.... c::ome a long WO( from 
~ and KIm Now Kundero, Tohltl the 
,..."", Vor1cer and choOoIote mousae. JoITI. 

ExcuIe me, Is aw0n8 mIsaIng a t-shirt? 

Hey, would sorneot 18 keep Rona from the red 
point? Please? Tha\k Yo.J. 

KIm: Ifs had 10 pry you from Vo.J1 books. but 
you make San DIego beautiful. IleNe VOJI 
Pete 

To mv IOorTlIes. Happy Valentlne's Day mv I'll 
lubsl Lub va, Jullel 

Alpha low aid roses to all rTT)' sisters and new 
pledgesl Julie 

JoJo. Jules. &. Leeea: Happy Valentlnee Dai 
you weenlesl Love, GumbVl 

I ha.oe twa motorcycle helmets and nowhere 
to go. Love C3 7. 

Potty-O: Pertl~ they were right putting low 
In books. peI't"q)s It could not IIIIe CTIyWhae 
else. And you? MJC 
Ski Team Ladlesl Keep up1he gI8Ct job, VOU've 
got real closs. Happy V-Dav. The guys are 
great too, but you ladles make m; hot v.oc 
melt. Your And.,t Coach. 

Happy Volentine's Dai Suz. Plsky. and Holy. 
Love, leslie. 

Nigel: v.tlen It IOlrwlt ftoods, and a tidal WCNe 
d emotion on top dthat probably dIdn·t help 
'PJ too rruch either. But such Is life. lhe last 
week-Indeed. the last ....., months-hole 
bean lnaedlbly tIpIIdaI. and the low I feel rYe 
never felt batore-not..,... cIoIe. Belt c:J luck 
In coping with the nact cou ...... weeks. loYe MIIded. -, 

Kelly. H<Jpp(V-Davtoa sweetheart c:Jo big sis. 
l.o.Ie L l 8ecrI. 

BorIs DartlnIc. would you be mine? NotOIho. 
Mdreo: You're a gI8CIt little 1Ist.-l Halle a 
wonderful Valentine·, Day 9.oIeet1el Alpha 
Io.Ie and rOl8l. Helene. 

Margie-You deeer\Ie a Volentine, you know? 
Vou're a sweet girl, even It VOU do pronounce :r nome with a hard "g." Happ( V.fXzot. The 
Dear Peter. WIshing yo.J all the wonder and 
oolm the world has to otter (not nec::euOI1Iy In 
that ader). I low you. Me 

MIchoeI- alCInQ you a Valentine Is mv WO( 
c:J saying thanlcs for coming to visit me. Now 
you CCI"I go bock home. (He he) ktually 
Valentine'. Day\VOUkt'I't be thesamewtthout 
)OU. IDII8 IOm-P,S. Instead c:J cooklel. can I 

type of deeM? 

a.n any salamanders IaIeIy? 
m • .Ist be the weather,-I 

hea Is quit. the faIhIon tt.e dayL 
GenIus Idea. I'm sony, Ada 

us. Happy 

J.K. Hoppv Volentine·, Day Sl.veetheatll.et's 
make quesadlHos-HIgh Shove Shoe. LK. 

DougIos-1 could l"I6\Ier lind a Volentine more 
wondefful tha"l VOUI I Io.Ie you. 

lymako-Thalks tor belrl9 such a great 
budctfI Happv Valentine', Day. love, Kathy. 
To the b<7f nact-doa a Valentne', Day that's 
special and true and all mode poeaIbIe t7( no 
oIha" than yoo. IDII8 Yo.J a bunch. Your one 
and ontv run (and the g~ nact door). 
To the da1<-haIred boy with eepadrlilesin 810 
153: Vou'reCute when you'reangylI ha.oe rTfo( 
I-<n-U. 

Jen- Don't patronize me and eat 'PJr 
tJ"occoli. I low you. Feb. 14, 1985 AE. Sean. 

Usa- leYs Iry Is one more 11me; hell, seven Is 
rTTt' lucky number. Sean. 

Heather U: Keep deomIng: motorcycles are 
treeI 

MaIooNe: In the beginning there was the 
wad. and It \o\aI I<:Ne. cce 

Sharon a Guadlan: You ore more beautiful 
tha"I Belrutl 

IngrIcI G : Quelquefols)e pen$8 que)e Yalme. 
Tu est belle et fJCIve et forte. Ms. Poete. -Msr. 
Daniel pere. 

Renee: You tlC7.'8 the right stuff to be a 
parspecttve leader: Christopher. 

0vIs klone: lao Ceo did not tell Yo.J there Is 
a"I "other," Love Eveon Lace. 

BoWeevei Gil: I'm relly glad you mode 
QUtsv move; 11'1 had to bell6Ye that the fIJI 
has just begun. Happy V-Dav cutle. St~ 
reacing this and watch out fer me or I'll Ju 
val So.CoI. 80(. 
Cheryl GIay. pi8lll8underltandthot I only lilce 
you fer your ctInkIng ability. but will yo.J be mv 
Valentine anvwa('I Maybe you can show 
Matt and I hoN to party this \N88k.,d at 
Mammoth. I..cNe-VAM. 

MM Tha'Ik you tor hoI---- ,.,.,., hand. l.a.Ie cee. ""'V "'r • 

USA REED. where are you? Thank God for blue 
bcInaQ on top c:J cc:n In the LA rush. mono In 

~ 1UITlIT.-. rubbing I"lOMI In C(o.on 
neats. ...., edIng pearlUt butt. at pickles at 
mkt'IIght. lie mv VoIentIne-SW. 

NgeI-l.ord. what a nome. Have a vary 
IP8daI Volenthe's Day. INhdt a boring 
m.age. rl gIt eMOtIve sorTl6YJheI8 ..... 
Love. MlIQed. 
Lucnda and DahlIa ae the rOMll c:J the 
Iltaratue depaltll8flt. Voo.n. cce 

To Dr. Saltman: Wordl coonot acpr8li our 1000e 
tor Vo.J. Mmph lZ'(ZX qulzop bop mnK ... 0( 
VVf. The Paul SaItmon Rln Club. 

Dear Shendl: I'm so glad we wale together. 
Happy Valentine's Day. Love, Kenny. 

Dear M.Jnchleen. where are you? How are 
you? Call mel HcNe a great Valentlne's Dayl 
£fNO The Kent! 

Wlether vou won or IoIt last night, you're one 
hell c:J a team. ClISC()W(¥. HappyVolantne·. 
Dai to vou all (.,., you fcllcll\i8never met In 
the 100's and the 3OCYs)-DcJ\Ie Babb 
Mlk.-you·re more ,peclol than the 
"retarded" «(]I you put I) and I lilce you just 
the wav vou arel \'v1nny. 
John AshIee: the women c:J the W'OI'Id are 
waiting. 

Deonne Cabo: The sand and stars c:J a 
foroNao{ place wI! aIwavs stick to mv memory 
of seen. 

Dearest Scott-Vou've been the sweetest 
nicest, most conslderate at understandlnO 
FRIEND to me .. .. Thalks for being that apecIaI 
person In mv Iltel I IeNe you II Happ( 
VoIentlne's Day Scotti WIth all rTT)' heat, Me. 

Dear SH. Hey Idddo, just thought I'd IUIpI'IIe 
'PJ and tell you that I low va lOts a"ld thank 
God tor a special friend like youl Happy 
VoIentlne·s Dayll.a.le va, CA 

Fred-just wonno to( tha"lks for being 10 
patient wtth me theee post weeksl You're the 
gleal8st1 .Just remember I low you and wli 
al'.Yays be here tor youl Happ( Volentine', 
Dayl WIth much low. Roommate. 

Kenny: With 0; hug and much 
appreciation. Happy Volentine', Day. Love, 
Shendl. 

Honeviliuva Iuvc luva luva low youll really 
doll 

SenorIta PatrIcIa ~s ojos son lienor de Ia 
noche. ruestro noche de las preguntos. 

SMC Retreaters: Since this do( represents 
love, a solute to your eIfort promoting this 
colorless concept Is appropriate. A smoker. 

JOZ: Voo con do my tlmesheets anytime. 
Happv Volentine's from a settled down. 
serious kind d guy. 

~ V8'(1 Don·t think we loIIe you any less 
bec:ou_ we t8lll8 you 10 rruch. This Is trueI 
Happy Volentine', Day. D&L 

Kathleen : Unconditional love from 
ChrIstopher. 

Aashdanoer-I'm In your dance cIasa a"Id I 
think yu're something Incredlble to watch I AI 
Choka says •• , think Ilowyoo r' Holle a great. If 
S9C18ttve. Volentine's Dayl love. DroolIng 
Dancer. 

Dear Josle: H<Jpp( Volentine's Day. We I<Mt 
you, the Phi DeIt$. 

Happv Volentine', DoyI GIn? ThIs time 
we'll ftnIat't thole wheat thIn,-one ollar the 
otherIl IoIe you. L -D. 
Aw'; Happ( Volentne's Day. I gu_ a to.... 
trlan~ Is better than a circle. JPA. 
INcI(ne. you're a"I adorable orange-Ca"I I 
hCNe some more juice? Happy Valentine', 
Day. 'rO-J woIft VOAJI lttIe bear. 

VIII at Len: W\en or. we going to watch vldeol 
a"ld talk to the tro.Jt? Happy Volentine's, you 
scallywogl. Indiana. 

~ Denise Sa1toro ... Juplt. to MIll Denise 
Sa1tao .... 

H.U.: I Ilk. your gIossesl .. . and more 

UIy: Wlen you are ready for the 'reo!' roomoI8, 
:~~. Hopp,t Volentine's Day, 

Shaa"l. Detense Minister c:J the Guadlan: 
CIOIa that Green Une and the PIoc1JctIon 
Bovs will cary you ~I 
Dear Phi Delfs: Iicx>Dv Valentlne's Day to the 
best group c:J guYsl We io.'e Yo.Jl Love. ~ 
sister sorority OO's, 

Shan: It It has to end soon-please know that I 
appreciate morethan you know the help and 
lflderstandng you've glven me. I've fIONn to 
io.'e your coorcte. a"ld yo.J. ptH. 
D. Balcan, ltyo.J won·t be mv Valentine I won·t 
told your eas awmore. kid If I can·t fold your 
ecn. rd rother die. PIec.e don't make me pull 
the plug I 

Jill at Kottt(: Someday I hope to be able to 
Iogep up with yu party mac:hlnea. Happ( 
Valentine's and don·t do anything I coukt'l't 
do. -Mr. Potatohead. 

StaW'OI'nan: I can't get no ... Ccc. 
9.ve8t Female RobInIId: Halle a geat 
Valentine', Day with vour lUpllhcx:karl Go for 
Itl Love. Pest. 
To Shendl, odmNd secretly bV IIOITl8 and not-
so-secretly by others: Happ,t Volentine', 
Day-PAL 

PJ-Welc:ome to UCSD. I hope you brought 
the magic sultCOle. I'm 011 set to pia(. PO 
2435 Camino Del Mar Let the Io.Ie ftowN GIve 
me some Io.Iel You are all great people and 
frlendsl 

Matthew: Your secret lascte. aswell mv I8CI8ts 
are with Yo.J. At the risk c:J IOUndng m.JIhy, 
truth tuts. IeNe heal" you are both. Thank 
you. I know I can always count on you. No 
longer a heathergIrI. 

Sll£lMS: You ore a (~n) God. Happ( 
VaI.,tine'. from VOl fcM:IrIte neighbor. 
Remember the bon.J, program. 

Martha-Vou're 10 ottroctMt. Vou',. I8C*II"t 
enough tor me to visit Centlal. Happv V~. 
Vourodmnr. 

.Jamie B: My long IoIt Volentine. Holle a great 
da(1 Hope to .. you I0OI\ 1..cNe. smurf. 
KAB: You ore an CIIt'8IOI'ne frlendl Thanks fer 
ewrythIng. Halle a HAPP( VAlENTlNE'S DAVI 
1..cNe. AI-. 

Jan HanIen: She types. ,he edIb. and $he 
011 with style a"Id grace. Ntd nON she's 

Volentine. OK'? l.oYe. the ed. 

UI SIsters. Happ,t Valentine', Day wI"lenwa" 
you arel The bros of 2BT. 

Keeler: Smutz and thanks. 

To mv furn,o Valentlne-I must toI the snipe 
hunting has all been W'OI'th It. Ho.v about 

• sa action tonl(tlt at rT'P( pkx:e? Meet 
the t:urlOln-you know the dreII 
you-Vour-v ~. 

FrIcb/ nI(;1tI?I1he peIfect 
Mnet bV the cllII'I. dinner 

at FoIgcI. SlIter 
c:J caution: Ber.AIaNt 

'IOII8IOdlah and bear bottomsl 

for mv (our) package 
moll. t.lnl Happy V-Day. I 

UN U Cot IO(QO(CJL 

~ Ca"I It get ~nv bettw? IIc:Ne VOU 10 
~ It MerIda. Athena. MactId or NYC. ~~ know we',. ttae tor each other. 

DUKANE and lEE. FA· -SInce we po..a 
*nIIa eating hobItI. Iet'. nW to eat 100I'I. 
1..cNe, BemcId 
GIant on. Vou· .... mode me the hoppIeIt 
\oIIoOITICI'\ on Earth. V .. I look ~ to CAl'" 
together. I 101M you-Only an. 

RAV-En~ nIghh c:J going to the PUb. 
'-ding the bear. and dining at the V. Thor. 

~ we're going toha.Mtherelt dcu l1li-.1 
ca'I't walt. How about tcnIN1? R.nee. 

PJ-Long dIItanoe or not. PIeoIe be mv bIe. 
PD. 

Salomi: HapPf Volentine'. DoyI LockIng 
bwaId to the 16th1 Thanka 4 the good trn-. 
hope we heM loti more. "fm Happyr' Huga 
a"ld k--. 1.oYe. nFfT. 
Dancing toreat this body would 101M to beVCU 
Volentine. DefIne Valentine DelIne bIe. 
Staman. 

Thursday, ftb. I ... 198.5 13 

HAPPY VAlLED~IDE'1 lD~ 
To the girl. c:J f'fNA XX07: Thalka fer 011 the BuIter. Would you be rTfo( t.lmv Valentine? 
plzza. real food. and Ralph trilIl He!8'. to ~vouwouldl8ttleforbelngmvlntlmat. 
hoping thc:J HurIV CIP(, PIta RIta. and TIn Uzzle fIIend tor the nlglt You know how to make 
hole a wonderfUl Valentine's Dail (Clink) me IaJgh and rroOke me eKtremeIV ~. 
Love. the Kent! Love ciNIoA SnS. 
/iM'( - Don·t toll dkt'I·twom va. WIIU,. been 
t.ln hying. INrro{ not keep It Qdntj1 !War. 

SI8>.Ie l-'PJ ore the 114eatelt big bra hope 
yo.:6 YCJIentInel 0cJ.t Is xha tpeCIaI. lab party 
I0OI\ IeNe your II • Karen A. . 

810 180: Let's keep the Ikrne (boIlI' •• ) oIhIa. 
Gory', "Hondo" joke. t.-.tbustars and 
anoretto In the c:a.t ... and who can forget 
PlOiter City? 

The ICI10rIaI eloquence c:J JomeI Ralph Papp 
Is matched orw bV hIs ... ,Ie ne sail ~. 
Sean W. Ewr;ale's foIcrIt. oIc:ohoIIc. You' .. 
10 cute. 8IP8doIIv weatlg ~ IIDItIckI 
Can I toud'l your bIadt leaTher jacket. Yt1th 
low and a song. R. 

DeoI8It Lucy. Happ( VaiteA ""Ie', Day. I low 
youWAMH. 

ChrIsttne-~ the helllet's gNe It a golh 
c:JIIoe off the kitchen. perhQ:)a? 1halk you. 
and Happ( Valentine', Day. Jom. 
CorIa Ros&-Hev ~. a week " too 
long. How about a date? Happ( Valentina 
DavId: 'Mlafeve(s wrttten In YOI heat Is all 
that mottas. IleNe you. Michelle. 

JBE-We could heM! bean IOOIdng In the 
sunken double tub In San FrandIOo .... Love. 
MItch. P.s. We ccuk:I bathe outside the t\bI 

DavId D: Happy VoIentinell AI the IcMt to the 
man with the child In his eyes. at all the IIa1 
I've seen that shine 10 brightly ... with a kIDI'd 
poa the k8v. I'm giving It all In a moment fer 
you. 

Dea Matt-iloleyou, Vnl",,~lnAI 
Lord wIh me-l.et us IIICIIt His 
Forewr, VHt 

lOIcI-lhalx tor c:aIng. You were a 
low. AI mv best-Jim 

Hev QIJdy, hoN could I forget you 
valenflneado(. IcMt mIkI. XQ. 

2A35 CamIno Del Mar Let the IeNe 1IOwI/IGtof8 
me same kMM You are 011 gI80t 
fII8ndII John. 
Alrr(:A ~town boy like me ... hnlN'V'I .... 
a long way but hoi a 
know ... not been ~. 
you' IncorT4XicXlle SURXIIt, 
~~ and. moat c:J 011. yo.JI 
~ wli wale out line. Love. 
DeaQJeen. HappyVa!entIne'. 
~My-8eII: Vou're a great I We're 
gomo hale a blast at UB4O-Jlm 

~-ThII rrust be your holiday, you're 
such a IV< eetheat. Thanlcl for 6YefVfhIng. 
Buahka. loIIe. ChrIstIne. 

I~ ••••• ~ •••••••••••••••• 

TGI F ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

'Jal entine ~.c!O.)jf. 
nldkr nl!, ba!,!! be Ill!,-

valrntult . 
~==~~=================== . 

February 15 
On The Hump 

with 

"The Moderns" 

~444444444444.444444 ••• 
Party With Us, the A.S. 

are red. lI'OIets are blue, 
Yo.J. From Kathy Koo? 

Myron aVIS Kwan-Happy VOovI A thrilled 
fan. . 

D.Jck. waddle waddle quack quackl you 
better be mv valentine or I will saewyour little 
wck feet off. Io.Ie and klSlel. pavable on 
requ8lt. mild. 
<NON ~I (cico Sc~) I'm rot b 
Vo.JI vegetablesl Won't you be mine? 
Mushroom ma"I. 

Jesse E. Many moons I Keep In touch no?Vours 
truly-the Nut. 

John. mv !ole-tocbl \o\aI deIIgled for 
r.anng how \MIt feel about one alOther. but 
'PJ do that tNeIV do( with each look.. each 
sm'e. each toud'l, each W'OI'd. How to make a 
hoIldcr; special? I<noN that the rest c:J mv life I 
wIA strive to show 'PJ thevastnea c:J mv low. 
..Ie Yadare tourjous. Christina. 
P.L SURPRlSEIIt took 3 years but I mode It here. 
Happy Valentlne's Day l V -P J . 

II'.bn'tyou low me 'til mvheatstopl?l.a.Ieme 
.,. I'm dead. NaIve Melody. 

Uz: Kodo. Kodo, Kodo. May INa listen to the 
flute together. OYII. 

To the ~ ~ looks deep Into me; Todo( 
vou're WIth someone else TomorroN, you Ca"I 
be with me Phil. 

Shorona-Mlke's breaking mv heat and rTfo( 
cofI'8e needs tuga' 1000 badlyl Fred. 

MM Cq:>p !Cino rulel the way d low. a strong 
elbeer held down by a light cloud. CCC. 

Chris: Be good to yourself and know vou 
c:IaIeMI It. I kno.v you deserve It. Happy 
Valentines Day. 1..cNe, Bushka 

TrIdo: II..cNe Voul You're such a special person 
that I can·t walt to spend mv life with youl rm 
10 ~ that we've been bIeIsed with each 
otharIl..cNe always a"ld forever. Glenn. 

BIg SIs (LA)-Just wonting to wish vou the 
best on V.D. (I gu_ the best II K.8v1n). l.a.Ie. 
yo.:6 • bro (E.8.). 

.....,tte comotlonl to the women c:J the 
lklMnlly Ewnts. 0tIk:e. Christopher. 

AIda You're doing line-and things will get 
better. Hong In therel And hole a Happy V-
Day. Theed. 

To CharI V\cIOIs: LeYs forget the bet tonight 
and just hole a good time-you too, Bien. I 
low you both. ,bJ!lson. 
.Julie: Thank you for teaching me to dance 
and gNe IeNe unoondtlonally. Christopher. 
To ourl8aders: A Happy Volentine', Day to all, 
and to 011 a good night. 

University of &n Diego 

School of Law 
University of San Diego School of Law 

will present a seminar fo( all persons interested 
in the study of law. 

Saturday morning 
February 23, 1985 

9:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. 
Informal buffet lunch with 

faculty and alumni 
12:00 p.m. to 1 :30 p.m. 

More Hall - USD School of Law 
Call 260-4528 for reservations by 

Friday, February 15, 1985 

For information write: 
Law School Admissions Bulletin 

University of San Diego 
Alcala Park 

San Diego, California 92110 
or call: (619) 260-4528 

USD does not discriminate on th~ basis of race, sex, religion, age, 
national origin, ancestry or handicap in Its policies or programs. 

-



I, 

, , 

1 -

UCSD tries to 
beat the 
freshman seven 
By BILL HESS 

W ITH SEVEN freshmen on a roster of 13 players, and with only five girls returning 
from 1984's conference champion team, 
the women's softball team would seem 
incapable of equaling the 32-12 record 
of last year's squad. Despite this , head 
coach Colleen Wight sounds confident 
of her team's ability this year. 

"My goal for the year is to do better," 
she says. "Having a lOt of freshmen 
could be a handicap if we let it, but 
we're all looking to achieve the highest 
goal that we can." 

LaSt year's team didn't panicularly 
have a lOt of talent, she said , and its 
success was mainly due to the positive 
attitude of the players and the team's 
unity. 

Wight doesn't look for a disaster like 
that [0 happen this year, and said that 
the experience of going to the NCAA 
Regional Tournament last year taught 
the five returning players some things 
that they can teach the freshmen 
players. UCSD went to the tournament 
in Storm Lake, Iowa, and was eliminated 
by the team that eventually won the 
Division 1lI tide. 

Having so many freshmen this year 
means that "we'll probably have to take 
our lumps somewhat," Wight said, 
adding that while the freshmen are very 
talented, "they're still freshmen ." She 
looks [0 the veteran players to lead the 
team, especially Pam Hardaway, a junior 
shonstop who has been All-Conference 
the paSt two seasons and received A11-

Pam Hardaway, at shortstop, is a two-time All-Confertnce and one-time All-Region player, 
and will be one of the team leaders this season. 

· We actually have a stronger team this 
year, but it's JUSt a matter of if the 
personalities will match," said Wight. 

Coach Wight has been with UCSD 
since 1983, and said she feels that 
women's softball is geuing stronger each 
year, along with the rest of the spons 
programs here. Funding allocations for 
teams at UCSD are determined mainly 
by the athletic director, and Wight said 
that this makes it imponant for her 
team to do well on the field in order to 
survive. 

"Once we show that we have a 
successful program, we'll get a bigger 
percentage of the cut," she said. "But if 
we can barely field nine players and win 
only four games in a year, the athletic 
director won't see us as a real profitable 
Investment .. 

Region~l honors last year. Other ,players 
who Wight Will depend on heaVily this 
season include sophomore Julie Burns, 
and freshmen Leslie Meyer, Kim 
Ostrowski and Danielle Goodlett. 

"It 's hard to pick OUt the names of the 
leaders, though, because we're solid in 
all nine positions," she said. 

"The key to success is team anitude 
and unity," Wight said. "I think that we 
work reaDy hard at that, because I've 
seen so many bad things happen [0 
talented teams because of problems with 
that. We do things together as a team 
even in the faU, so that the girls get [0 
know each other." This helps promote a 
positive team attitude before the season 
stans, she said . 

Perhaps the biggest chaUenge faCing 
the squad IS a finanCial one. They travel 

On!>, five of the 1 J players from last year's conference champion team return in 1985. 

in university-owned vans, and can't 
afford [0 spend the night in mOtels 
when on the road. For example, this 
spring the entire team will spend a 
week in one of the pla~r's parents' 
home in San Jose. Wight says that some 
people look down on something like 
that, but she has a different philosophy 
on It. 

"If the parents are willing. it's good 
for the team because they have fun, and 
they get to be together and it saves us 
money," she said. 

And when the money runs out, the 
squad resons to fund-raisers rather than 
paying dues, Last year they held a hit-a-
thon, and this year they plan to sell 
frozen pizzas to raise extra money. 

Their season runs from February to 
the beginning of May, with the first 
game scheduled for February 22 against 
UC Santa Barbara at home. All home 
games are played on Warren Field. Il::J 

Hit -a-!hons and frozen pizztl salts are two 
ways the Tritons can raisc funds . 

Ultimately 
parallel 

By CHRIS YOUNG, StiJffWriltr 
Ultimately, it's frisbee. The sun may 

rise to a windless Saturday; you may 
have sweated through four afternoons a 
week in anticipation of this moment; 
you may sprint the length of the field, 
digging for everything you have, diving 
onto the grass to catch the disc; but 
ultimately, it's frisbee. 

morning, and 26 teams-IS men's and 
six women's-from all over the counuy 
will sail into La Jolla to uy for their 
piece of the rock. The tourney is jointly 
sponsored by UCSO's teams, "Entropy," 
and Laurel Dean, representing the 
Recreation Depanment The main goal 
of the event is for everyone to have a 
great time and, with this in mind, there 
will be a live band and a [Oumament 

UCSD's annual Winter Crystal 
T oumament will kick off this Saturday 

~ 

A~WANTED: 
Revelle College 

Resident Advisors 
for 1985·1986 School Year 
• Obtain referral from Student Employment 

first, then ... 
• Obtain application from Revelle Resident 

Dean's Office 
• Applications due March 4, 1985. 

For more information call 452-3025 
or attend one of the Orientation Sessions: 

February 25 & 27 - 7:30 pm - Revelle Formal Lounge 
February 26 - 7:30 pm - ReveUe Apt. Lounge 

, ~ 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

~ /,k'DollllId~ 
"."'" '" N\ .I {/cum 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~~t~~~~[rX~wr~X~liE~!·~~7~ 
w.::.. Quarter Pounder® with Cheete, Larse Fry, \J::ioI 

II - Medium-Size Soh Drink , ~h ",I ", I !,'::-::nr'l 
II Limit 0",' co upon p"r J $ I 
II custom"r, p.:r visit. Pleas..' ust 1.9911 pres"n! ,oupon wh .. 'n II orderinl(. N",t valid With any (plw tax) II 
II llth"r off"r , Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

~ Good ,hru Son 01_ cvd, ~ ~~~l~ 1985 I--I-+.! ______ I_iii ___ ii_ 

party. 
Uhimate frisbee is a fairly new spon, 

having evolved naturally out of simply 
tossing around a frisbee on a grass field . 
It is organized somewhat like soccer or 
water polo. with seven players on each 
side and constant movement until one 
team scores a goal; like football, there is 
an end zone and something like a kick-
off after each score. 

The Crystal is an open tournament 
which enables club teams to join 
coBegiate teams in the competition. 
Adding the club teams upgrades the 
level of intensity and competition 
because the clubs are usuaBy made up 
of players who have been playing for 
several years. Six teams from the San 
Diego area will be competing, twO men's 
clubs and two women's, plus the college 
teams from UCSD. 

It seems strange that a serious spon 
would evolve out of such a simple toy as 

a frisbee , but ultimate is one of the most 
demanding spons today. The 
tournament will be taking place on all 
the fields on campus on both Saturday 
and Sunday, so stop by and catch some 
sun, listen to a little music and watch 
some people get paraUelto catch a 
frisbee. 

TRITON PROMOnONS PRESENTS 

fI 
1IPI 

A BASKETBALL DOUBLEHEADER 

S:4S-UCSD Women \IS Calif. Baptist 
8:00-UCSD Men \IS US Intemational 

Tuesday, February 19, Main Gymnasium 
ExdtJng Collegiate ActIon WIll 'Include: 

A Dubble Bubble "Bubble-Off" COIJlIetition at halftime of the 
Men's Game, 
The introduction of "Miss Dubble Bubble" and "Baby Bubble". 
A Dubble Bubble "Grab-Al'" at game's end. 

BE THEREI 

.. -

~ \ 



.. 
, 

0' 

.. 

16 Tlum day, Feb. 14, 1985 
S~lTS 

'~~~. :,:.,.' ~ ~ .. ,,~ . ''';-;' lo..~ ,,,..,,. • ""'". f'.- .. ~ •. '" " :~ 
.... ~ 

.---------~------------------------. : VAT·ENTINE'S SPECIAL : 
: .. r-___ .......... 50% OFF 0(t~)nly : 
I I 
I Includes Shampoo & Blow Dry, I 
: Each Cut Individually : 
I Designed, The Expertise ot I 
I an 8-year Professional. I 
I I 
I I 
I Call BRUCE at Ultimo .. ,tor hair, : 
: 7446 ~irardAvenue, 454-9612, I 
I Appomtments are necessary, : 
I 
I otter good With tb1a ad through 2.21-85 : 

~----------------------------------, 

1 _____ 'MTHTHSAO _____ , 

I "'a r,t 21 1 
:C<na .;;ogurl c.Allairl 
I frozen: 
: ~ogurt creations : 

2tor1 
Buy one smell scMng 

end get one FREEl 

• ~ AlSO HONOR AU. • 
YOOJRT PARlOR COlJIONS 

10l) TOII'ey Pines Rd. 177. Gamet IWenue 
at Herschel Paci~c Beach 

La Jolla ID50t83 L .54--4869 expires Feb. 19, 1985 
- - - -QtIE PER QJSn:MR- - - -

Good friends won't leave you flat. 

The moon was up, the stars 
were out and-pfftt! -your rear 
tire was down. Good thing there 
was a phone nearby. And a few 
good friends who were willing 
to drive a dozen miles, on a 
Saturday night, to give you a 
lift. When you get back, you 
want to do more than just say 

"thanks~ So tonight, let it be 
LOwenbriiu. 

L()wenbrh. Here's to good friends. 

Commentary 

Divided 
school 
pride 
By RANDOLPH GARCIA 

When I first arrived here at UCSD 1 
felt that there was something lacking 
from this college campus. There tends to 
be too much emphasis on which college 
you are from. Everywhere you go on 
campus srudents are always saying I'm 
from Muir, Revelle, Third, or Warren. 
They never seem to say they are from 
UC San Diego. Also srudents from the 
four campuses never exhibit all the 
features of a real college. They don't 
have that sense of unity or togetherness. 
Take UClA for example; at evety college 
event they hold you can see how the 
school is drawn together. The students 
are always cheering their team on and 
giving them suppon. 

This is one of the main fearures that 
UCSD lacks as being a college. Take 
Spirit Night for instance; the basketball 
game against Rhode Island . Our school 
was separated into colleges once again 
to cheer our team on in the gym. But we 
weren't cheering and supponing our 
team together, we were supponing them 
individually. All of the four campuses 
were designated a comer of the gym 
and were directed to cheer. The campus 

, that cheered the loudest for our team 

Would a football 
team merge Muir, 
Warren, Third and 
Revelle into a happy 
UCSD? 

would win Spirit Night. This was· pretty 
sad because the students are supposed 
to be there to root the team on together 
not divided. 

The solution that I would propose to 
fonn unity here at UCSD would be to 
stan a football program on campus. This 
spon would bring everyone together 
because mosdy. everyone here enjoys 
watching football . If you take a look at 
any other college that has a football 
team you can see how much unity there 
is among the student body. They come 
out together every weekend and cheer 
Jheir team on. Students at these schools 
have a great sense of pride and 
unification. But here at UCSD there is 
not one single Intercollegiate Team that 
the whole school comes out to suppon 
week after week. I think that a football 
team would bring our school together 
and therefore fulfill this purpose. 

Another reason why there should be a 
foot~ team here on campus is that 
five out of the nine schools in the UC 
system field a football team. Even UC 
Santa Barbara has a team, and they just 
started it around [WO years ago. Their 
team is not very big right now but it will 
gradually begin to prosper. If we started 
one now it wouldn't be great at first but 
it would grow and develop through the 
years. 

So the first step for this proposal 
would be to have a srudent vote once 
again. I know there was a vote taken a 
few years back, but those were different 
people in a different time. Now there's 
new people attending school here and I 
think we should have a chance to vote. 
This is my proposal to you, the staff and 
student body. 1 really think this would 
bring our school closer together. Then 
one day someone could finally answer 
this frequently asked question, "What 
college are you from, Muir, Revelle, 
Third , or Warren?" with "None, I'm from 
UC San Diego." 

Thursday, Feb. H , 198.5 17 
~€U~ealtes 

-:- ." • • • ..~. ~ ..... -' .~ • 'A. • % 

the writer's 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 11( 
Gorge Road just off Interstate 8 that de-
serves some consideration; it was recendy 
amended to proVide all parties in aD 
directions a lovely is-minute, three- or 
four-cycle rest StOp, which is very nice 
and very very restful. In El Cajon there's 
a light on Retcher Parkway, just before 
Parkway Plaza and just off Highway 670 
that wiD provide similar hours of fun for 

~veryone . There are probably a few 
others around town that are on people's 
hit lists. 

And then there are those brilliant 
thin~ that meter traffic on the Interstate 
8 on-ramps during rush hour. I'm sony. 
but I don't understand: How exacdy 
does pissmg people off avoid a traffic 
jam. Can someone explain this to me? 
These cars are going to end up on the 
damn frteway anyway; why make them 
line up at a light so they can merge into 
the rushing freeway traffic at speeds 
approaching is, maybe 25 miles per 
hour? This makes no sense at all . If the 
rate at which cars were released 
depended somewhat on traffic 
conditions. then 1 would understand it. 

i: signal this 
It would still be a srupid idea, bur I 
would understand it. But as it is, 
whether there's a car in the right lane 
for another [WO miles or not, cars are let 
onto the freeway at the same rate and 
after the same disgusting wait in line. 

The whole thing is ludicrous. I 
personally believe that some traffic 
signal manufacturer screwed up and 
made a whole bunch of lights with only 
two colors, red and green, and they had 
to get rid of them somehow. Here, San 
Diego motorists, take this. 

These signals' lack of yellow lights 
probably bothers me more than 
anything. About the only thing I enjoy 
in signals is that yellow light. It's a 
challenge. As the visitor in the movie 
Starman said , "Red light means stop, 
green light means go. yellow light means 
go very fast." That's about the way it is . 

I'm not sure it's healthy to consider 
every signal on the road my enemy, but 
that's what I do. As 1 approach each 
green light, 1 try to figure out the point 
at which I'll be safe should the light tum 
yellow. Usually I'm somewhat liberal in 
these guesses, so that when the light 

does rum yellow at the point I guessed , 
there isn't quite enough time to make 
it- and boy does that tick me off. The 
light may not even take that long to 
cycle, but during those precious few 
seconds of waiting I feel defeated, I feel 
beaten. 

But when I've guessed right, and the 
light turns yellow and I cross the line of 
the intersection just before the light 
turns red- man, life doesn 't get any 
better. It's shear delight. It's a victory of 
man over beast, good over evil , life over 
death , any NFL team over the Dallas 
Cowboys. And anyone who has ever 
been in a vehicle with me when it 
happens knows my reaction: I let out 
this hideous laugh that says in not so 
many words, "Take that, world!" 

I also make a game of figuring out the 
exact second a signal will rum green, 
watching the cross-traffic signals and 
looking across the way to see if anyone 
is turning left. This is kind of risky 
when you're dealing with unfamiliar 
signals; sometimes there's a second-long 
delay that throws you off just enough to 
make you give up and throw in the 
clutch-which, of course, makes the 
signal tum green. And then you release 
the clutch too quickly out of spite, and 

you staU , and the car won't stan, and 
you pay your penance- but never quite 
learn the lesson. Sometimes even signals 
you know throw you off; some of them 
cycle when no one is around-like at 
around 3 am- just for the hell of it. So 
you wait for the invisible cross-traffic to 
cross. Hell, there's no vehicle in sight in 
any direction , all the cops are home 
asleep, and there is absolutely no 
physical or monetary danger in running 
the signal. But you won't do it. 

Why? StOp signs are run as a matter 
of course when it's dark and no one's 
around (and sometimes even when it 
isn't dark and lots of people are -
around). 8U[ Signals are sacred . People 
don't run signals. And if the left-rum 
light has a "no U-tulT\" sign above it, 
they'll honor that too-and go down the 
side street and puU a · uey" [OK, you 
spell it] right in the middle of the street 
Uke that's more legal than making the 
damn U-turn at the signal. Lights are 
sacred. 1 don't know why, but they are. 

Above all, Lights are interesting. That's 
the same word I use to describe ugly 
babies: "Oh, what an ... uh ... interesting 
baby you have there!" 

I just hope Alpine never gets a 
signal. ~ 



I -

" 

,. 

ACADEMIC UPDATE 
Break out the pencils, paper, 

and catalog, it's that wonderful 
time of the quarter! That's right! 
Enrollment for Spring Quarter 
begins February 25 (for seniors) 
and continues through February 
28 (for freshmen). The spring '85 
Schedule of Classes should be 
avatlable at the University 
Bookstore during the week of Feb. 
19 to Feb. 22. During the seventh 
and eighth weeks of the quarter 
(Feb. 19 to Feb. 29), there will be 
academic advising available at the 
Revelle Provost's Office on a drop-
in basis only. For help with 
academic planning, the hours 
during these weeks will be 8:30am 
to 12:00 noon. and 1:00pm to 4:00 
pm. All are welcome! 

I'd li ke to add for the se n iors 
who will beJraduanng this winter, 
spring, an summer, the GPA 
range for college honors are as 
follows: 
Summa Cum Laude: 3.900-4.000 
Magma Cum Laude: 3.760-3.899 
Cum Laude: 3.595-3.759 

Also. anyone interested in 
attending a panel discussion on 
"Careers in the Human Services" 
(Wed., Feb. 20) and a Human 
Services Field Trip (Wed., Feb. 27) 
are encouraged to sign up. For 
more information see the Career 
Services Center staff. 

-Ellen Caprio 

CONGRA1UlATIONSI 
Revelle salutes the winners of 

the Revelle College Bowl: The 
Anonymous Four-Ken Alpern, 
Jay Coskey, Steve Tran and John 
Byme. The Anonymous Four will 
represent Revelle in the UCSD 
College Bow!. Good Luck! 

NOTICE TO SENIORS 
If you are graduating this Spring 

and are interested in getting 
involved in the commencement 
ceremony, apply to be the Student 
Speaker. The speaker will get a 
chance to read his/ her five minute 
speech before the entire Revelle 
graduating class of 1985. Get an 
application in the Revelle Dean's 
Office; applications are due March 
11th. 

REVEllE RACQUETBAll 
TOURNAMENT 

Beginning Feb . 24 and 
continuing through March 1 
(excepting Feb. 25). there will be a 
Racquetball Tournament with 
matches held every day from 8-
12pm. The tournament, with room 
for 80 participants, will include 
Mens/ Womens Singles. Mens/ 
Womens Doubles and Mixed 
Doubles . Sign ·ups for the 
tournament will be in the Revelle 
Resident Dean's Office from Feb. 
11-15. ALL LEVELS WELCOME!! 
The emphasis is on fun , not cut-
throat co mpetit io n . All 
participants will receive a free T-
shirt with winners re ceiving 
prizes. The tournament will be 
followed by a part)' for aU 
participants . For more informa-
lion , contact Page Meride or Karen 
Stevens through the ReSident 
Dean's Office. 

A Revelle CoUege PublicaHon • University ot Callfomla. Son Diego 

February 1 +-St. Valentine's Day: Get your Valentine Paraphenalia today on the 
Plaza. especiall), the personalized Valentine Cookies offered by the Noon 
Programming Board for 25¢ . 
February 22-Lunch with San Diego Councilman William Jones. The 
mformatlonal discuS~ion will include Mr. Jones' involvement in the local political 
arena and Issues facmg San Diego toda),. If you are interestcd you must sign-up 
with Karen in the Dean's Office before Feb. 18. Lunch will be held in the 
Communiry Center, 12 noon . 
-Last day to tum in applications to be a Revelle Orientation Leader. 

~Brown Bag Lunch with Dr. Greb, History InA "History/ Arms Contro!." Note: 
thiS Will be held In the Student Center's Multi-Purpose Room (not the Cafe). 12 
noon. 

Februa.ry 28-Deadline for application for food booths, vending booths and 
entertaInment for the Renaissance Faire. Pick up applications in the Revelle Dean's 
Office. 

FebI\Jory 28-Morch 3. 1986 8:00 pm 
/leIIeIte DInIng Cornmor4 

IIckeIs on sale at ba< oII\ce. 5200 
1IcI<ets at door. 5250 

CONGRATS 
Congrats to RCC drawing winners! Burr Brown-dinner for TWO at T.G.1. 

Friday'S. Sarah Horner-Free album at Assorted Vinyl. Ferdinand Agpaoa-$l0 
certificate good at the Sundry Store. Leslie Picker-$5 cenificate good at the Ice 
Cream Hustler. . 

Reve~e College Council would like to thank the above-mentioned sponsors for 
supportIng theIr survey. Survey results will be published later this quarter. 

~ VALENTINE'S DAY ... the past and the prtsDIt ., 
February 14th has always been known as "Valentine's Day" . .. a time for giving 

candy,. fl?wers, and cards ... a ume for love. But, as we sit addressing our 
Valentine s cards or eaung our ;;ee's candy, just how many of us reaDy wonders 
about ~e hlslO.ry of Valenune. s Da~?? WeD, for those of you who might be 
wondenng ... different authonlles believe that Valentine's Day began in various 
ways; some trace It to an ancient Roman festival caRed Lupercalia , which is a 
celebrauon held on February 15. at which the names of young women were put in a 
box from which they were drawn by chance-an arrangement under which a 

you~g man became the gallan~ of a young woman for the next year, or at least 
became her partner for the festival. Other expens connect the event with one or 
more saints ~f the early Chris.tian Church. Still others link it with an old English 
be!lef that buds choo~ theIr mates on Feb. 14th. Valentine's Day probably 
ongmated from a combination of aU three sources, plus the belief that the month of 
February 15 almost spring and that spring is a time for lovers. 

. People in England celebrated Valentine's Day as early as the 1400's, as women 
pinned bay leaves to their pillows on the eve of Valentine's Day. If the charm 
worked. they saw their future husbands in their dreams. In the 1700's men wore the 
name of their chosen valentine on their sleeve, thus the beginning of the saying 
"wearing his heart on his sleeve." 

As in all parts of the world, Revelle students have their own opinions about 
Valentine's Day. When aksed "What do )'ou like most about Valentine's Day?" 
many students preferred the material aspects: 
... "Having the excuse to pig out on See's candy!" Perette Nicholson , Freshman 
... "Anything with sugar on it!" Suzie Kramer, Freshman 
. . . "Getting a flower! " Nancy Schwab, Freshman 
... "Suzie Kramer's ... " Anonymous Revelle Sophomore. 
Other students focused on the more romantic aspects of the holiday: 
... "It's onl), fun when you have someone to share it with!" Judene Lewandowski, 
Freshman 
... "Oh Hooooooney!" Li Chang, Freshman (that comment has inside meaning!) 
... "I get 10 kiss my sweetheart!" Luke Krienberg, Freshman 
... "The idea of a holiday created JUSt for romance!" Kary Haberkern , Junior 
And then there were the usual ReveUe-rype remarks: 
... "For a Valentine's Day part)' I send out 75 invitations. What do I get back? 100 
no's! " John Collins, Freshman 
... "!%¢&"!$!" Shalini Shah, Freshman 
... "What IS Valentine's Day??"" Chnstian Mayer, Freshman 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!! 

-8erbara W. Sreams 

HUMANITIES PROGRAM 
If approved by the campus-wide 

Academic Senate , the entering 
freshman class of 1985 will face a 
new five -quarter Humanities 
requirement. Any changes will not, 
however, affect anyone this year. 

The existing Humanities 
requirements include a three-
quaner sequence, either 11 or 12, 
and the option of either an 
additional year of Humanities or a 
social sceince sequence . 
According to Steve Tran, the 
ReveUe senior who has chaired the 
Revelle Curriculum Review 
Committee for the last TWO years, 
new students will have to fulfill five 
quarters of Humanities : 
Humanities 1 through 5 . 
Humanities 1 and 2 will be taken 
[he freshman year and will be 
intense writing courses worth six 
units each. Humanities 3 through 5 
will be four-unit courses taken the 
sophomore year. 

"This reduces the amount of 
units in general ed. requirements 
by six, which is a 'plus' in that 
respect," commented Tran. 

As related by Tran, the decision 
had its roots in the Humanities 
survey administered b), the 
Curriculum Committee, spring 
Quarter of 1983, and formaUy 
presented to the Revelle Executive 
Committee in November of that 
same year. It has been in the 
discussion stage for over a year, 
and the implementation of the 
Subject A requirement by the 
UCSD Academic Senate provided 
impetus for change. 

The major reason for this new 
sequence, beyond the Subject A 
requirement, was the fact that 
students were srudying only half of 
Western history. "All students win 
study the full history, literature and 
philosophy of West em civilization 
now, from Biblical times to the 
present," said acting Revelle 
Provost, Dr. Thomas Bond. he felt 
that other advantages would be the 
delay of a hard sequence by one 
quaner, and that writing would be 
done both the freshman and the 
sophomore years. 

DEAN'S CORNER 
Attention 'Seniors! 

This is my first column from the 
Dean's Comer. One of my major 
interests while filling in for Ernie 
Mon is to come in contact with as 
many graduating seniors as 
possible. Many of you who are 
graduating in 1985 have not been 
into the office at all. We would like 
to renew contact with those of you 
who have been in and meet those 
of you who haven't before you leave 
us. We often boast about the 
accomplishments of our seniors to 
other schools and organizations. 
Sometimes, however, we don't get 
around to teUing you personaUy 
how proud we are of you and what 
you have achieved here on 
campus. We are planning to 
contact you individually and invite 
you to have lunch with us 
sometime during the Winter or 
Spring quaner. We do hope you 
find time in your busy schedules to 
come in and share a salad or 
sandwich with us. We'd like to 
have a chance to personaUy 
congratulate you and get some 
thoughts on ways we can make life 
here at ReveUe better for those who 
succeed you. I look forward to 
being with you in the next few 
months. 

-Hugh Pares 

C_1fIed .evertIIlng .... Is sold In 
IGO-ch.r.cter Incr ..... nts. E.ch 
...." ~ .... rIe a'ICI .... 
bMw .. n wardI Is cansldel.. • 
ch.rKter, with capl .. 1 letten 
counting • two m..cIIIrI. The,... 
Is S1 ,. 100 chllrIIdIn far studenII 
... S3 per 100 cr..cws lor non-
1IUdenII. You .... come bylhe office 
01 ..... 1 In YfNI .ct, • WI ,....... 
,.,..... In ..... of publlcMIon. D..... .. 5 pm TueIday tor 
ltIUndIIy'l ....... 5 pm FrIdIIy far 
Yond.y·1 p.per. For more 
InfonUtIon alii 452-3466. The 

~, UCSD, 8-016, LI JoI", CA 
9Z09J. 

'~i~~~j~i:F=FijR==li+F=F=!~~f 
Maney. credit. practical experience In 
writing. fame. forUle. power. and the 
charlce 10 put your classified at Ihe top of 
Ihe "~" secUon, And out 
what else a GuardIan iUmShip holds 
lor you. 452-6580. ask for PhIl L.auder. 

¥ Rn:! Readers and studentS of 
~m meeting ~ SUnday. II 
~2 pm. Home SaIlings of AmerIca. 4311 
UI Jolla VIllage ~. ~ TCl\Mle 
Centre, 13/141 

Daughters of lesbian or straight divorced 
and remarried molhers needed for 
researdl study, Please caU Julie SChwartz 
45~2100. 12/141 . 
VIolin. viola. prep for 32 or just for fun. 
IhdMdual or shaR!d lessOnS. Helen 
Martin, 457-()671. 16/61 
Earn a Free SkI Trip & 5100.00 cash. For 
informatiOn call 714-75()-()861. 13/141 
"So you want 10 be a Muir HA 7' Apps 
available. Pick up job referral OW4329 
at Stu ErnpIoyrTIent. Ca. 452-4200. 
12/251 

Subjects needed for brainwave 
expertment at the Salk institute. Males. 
• 1~35. who are sons of alcoholic 
fathers. Eam 510 to complete a 
questionnaire. then 5S/tY if eligible 10 
partidpate in ecperiment Alone AB1 at 
453-4100 Ext. 422. Mon-Fri betWeen 10 
am & 2 pm lex further Info. 12/141 

Muir HA apps available ttvough Tues .• 
2/26. PIck up job r~ #O\IV4239 at 
Student Employment. (2/251 

Surf Club meets today H..1154. 8:00, All 
tI!aITI IIII!I,IbeI'S must attend. SIgn up lex 
ladder on Sat 12/141 

-me FOOd Coop wants your help. Earn 
:zscI& cIscount on food plus 50C aedit for 
IM)Iki'lg 2 hours a week. Info meeting 
wed, Feb, 20. 2 pm In eonfRoom or stop 
by the Food Coop anytime, 12/191 

Sock hopl Feb, 15 FrI. 8-12 pm. warren 
~. C,ommOIIS. Da'la 10 "50's music." 
castune and dance contest Great 
priZeS. SOC shoe checkln at door. 12/14) 

Greek foodl DImitri's. 145 S. Hwy, 101 
Solana 1INCtI, l.LrlCh. climer. SlIlday 
8MlCh. 259-0733. 12/191 

career as art? Naturopathic medicine Is 
a growing. vital field In alternative heaIh. 
Gal)' 452-8430. 12/141 

1980 Ford Courier. 66.000 mJs. shell, 
xt1fI gas tank, carpet. new radials. 
shocks. 52700. 566-6667 eves. 12/141 

1977 Rat Mlrafiorl 131S. New engine. 
Ruls and looks great! Must Ie~ lex Italy 
so must sell. Asking moo or beSt offer. 
Please c.aII 457-5035, Ie~ message. 
12/141 

14K RING w/small diamond. Perfect for 
valentine's glf'tJ S45/negotiable. Call 
valerie. 286-9825. 12/14) 

Mxlous 10 selll '13 Ford Capri. Rebuilt 
engine. RtJ1S great. CaJl27~3228after 1 
pm. 

'68 \1111 bug, Rebuilt aJal port engine. 
New tires. uphoIstel)'. mufller. Runs 
great. 51500 . .John 453-4958. 12/191 

PrInce a'ld the ReIIOIutlon concert 
ticketS. S60 or beSt offer. Cal 455-9545 
or 457-3067. Hurryl 6 1eft112/14) 

ftlHMllllll1 r 
NM TEUR MODELS NEEDED FOR 
MOOEUNG SHOW IN PRODUCTION. 
Send photOS and complete info to: 5666 
La Jolla Blvd., Suite 128. La Jolla, CA 
92037. 12/141 

Camp rounselors needed 10 worte this 
summer with coeds ages 1~17 in 
aquatic-ortented day camp. Experience 
working with children & proficiency in 
sailing, surfing. watrr skiing. wind 
surfing. canoe or kayaking p'~. 
Apply at Mission Bay Aquatlc Center. 
1001 Santa Clara PoInt. 488-1036. 121141 

Administrative assistant position 
available lex Aquatic Youth Sports Camp. 
Part-time now. full-time summer. 
Excellent clerical & communication sldlls 
requlR!d, Apply at MissIon Bay Aquatic 
Cenb!r. 1001 Santa Clara PoInt 488-
1036. 12/141 

Part time sales-Excellent opportunity 
for self motivated college studentS 
desiring to tftak In1D ad\.IertiSlng sales. 
CustDm M.IertIsIng Specialties. 695-
8869,121141 

Subjects needed for perception 
exper'.met ItS. Pay Is 55/IT. Cal Richard 
Batch at 453-4100 ext. 548 or ext 222 
betWeen 10 and 2. (2/19) 

AIRLINES HIRING. 514-539.0001 
Stewardesses. reservatlonlstl 
WOrIOMdeI can for Guide. Directory. 
Newsletter, 1-916-944-4444 x 
lJCS[WR.12I141 

Rude !jrt needs rude boy to Ike her. 10 
be wfIh n:! 10 talk 10. MJst like 

~. tLIgS. Mckey Mouse. n:! 
Paanan cereal. Excellent lifetime 
benefits. See KlreI, (2/141 

CRUISESHIPS HIRING. 516-530.0001 
carrlbell i. Hawaii. \XIortd, Call for 
GuIde. DlrK1Dfy. ~. 1-916-
944 4444 x UCSOCRUISE. 12/141 

~IMiilllll 
~ wanted 10 share large room 
In rondo on beach in PB. Jacuzzi-sauna-
ocean view. 5235/mo.483-3848.12/141 

fb)rnmate wanted 10 share fabulous. 
rtf!tN condo. Prlvatr bedroom and bath. 
and less than one mile from UCSO. 
Clean. quiet non-smoker preferred. 5350 
& 1/2 utilities. 455-9526. or 277-{J327 
eves. 12/14) 

Female rmte wanted. Own rm. Share 
luxury condo w/3 in Solana Beach. 
MIa'owaVe. 2 temis courts, 2 jacuz. 2 
pools, satXla. on beach. 5275. 1st n:! 
last. 5100 dep. avail. Feb. 28. N0n-
smoker please. 481-3290. (2/141 

Female 10 share room 5 min. walk 10 
school. 5200/month, Pool. jacuzzi. 4~ 
9052 Liz. Keep trying. 12/191 

ROOi'.'liIte needed: Gen. Hlands single 
5200/share rm. 5165 utll~ xtra, 
Nonsmoker. Cal Todd 452-8095·12/211 

Fern needed 10 shate large mstr bdrm-
spacious condo, U VIIge area. pool. 
jacuzZi . . . great er1IIirorvnentl Only 
5182.50U Call eves. 450-0155. Robin. 
Cathy. Julie. 12/281 

Beach living rm/bOrd in xcmge 4 
partime 1cidp1re. Temls, pools, 2 great 
kids. DlM'tIf. MItch 942-1339wkdays. 
12/191 

n'PING/\XIORD PROCESSING-For all 
)Our typing needs caU Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted. (2/14) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
51.50/page. I pickup & deliver. ArCy 
Laurence 279-8056. (3/14) 

8urke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush jobS 
spedalty/flexlble m. La Jolla. 457-
3842. 13/141 

TWING/\XIORO PROCESSING: many 
~ styles 10 choose from. spelling n:! 
pu1CtUation errors corrected, pick-up 
and deilYery. qualty work. FASTlII 
52/page (double spaced I. Call 
Interaetille Micro Systems at 452-9949, 
13/111 

Coi'r1>Uterized word processing. Term 
papers. theseS. reports. resumes. Fast & 
accurate. 481-{J268. 12/141 

EXPERT lWING, Word Processing & 
Tape TranscrtptJon. Reasonable rates, 
-me Key Word. 459-5818. 13/14) 

8urke Secretarial-Quality typlngl 
Speillng_ correct-Rush jobS 
spedalty/flexlble hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842. 13/14) 

Thursday. Feb. H . 1985 19 

Stereo r~r !'lave a b/oINn channe/1 
Repair S35. 30 day guarantee. Lee 299-
5557, 12/191 

You will love )Our body n:! so will he. 
Bikini bodies waxed. 8950 VIlla La Jolla 
Dr. Call 457-2003. (2/191 

Super typing. Spelling corrected. 
Accurate and high-quallty. Same day 
service. 16 yrs. expo Near UCSO, Call Fey 
452-1393. 12/211 

INSURANCE WARI We'll beat any price 
or we don't want )'Our businesS. ndcm. 
accidents. sports cars, good 
driver/Student discounts: all \I\IeIc:on'le. 
Cal 286-1135. Request UCSO PLAN. 
(3/14) 

RlckY.Ioman-the heaokst tna1her on 
the phoi1e-this one's lex)Ou-just Hke I 
promised' You-I<noW-'NhO. 12/141 

SkI Jadcson Hole March 23-30 with 
other UC schoOls. 5287 at the bOx ofl'lc:e 
row inc. trans .. accoms .• tIve-days of ift 
tickets and lots of fun. Meeting (RISCI 2-
20, 8 pm at rec conf room. For infer 
x4037. 12/14) 

Greek food I Spanakopita, So.NIaki, 
Gyros, Pastitsio. Baklava. Mmmmi 
DimitrI's. Solana Beach. 259-0733. 
12/19) 

Dr. Sam. Congratulations I You made it. 
Luv Ya, Mel. 12/141 

Buy that special Valentine a balloon and 
let them know they are loYedi On sale 
today only on the plaza I Happy 
Valentine's day ~rybodyI12/141 

Lost, a maroon wallet and ched<bOok. If 
fotxld please cal Uncia at 458-9240. 
12/211 

Lost To Ihe person v.Iho found my tri-
color bracelet. please call me at work 
452-2180 and Ie~ a rumber where I 
can reach you. 12/181 

IDst, blue and sihler COI'?o'erSe sports bag 
with basketbaU shoes. If found. please 
call Herb 587-0733. 12/14) 

FoIX1d: Key 10 \1111. To claim. call 452-
3466, 12/141 

Found~'s shaving kit In P&L Call 
Roy at 588-5358. 12/141 

Taken-81C)de black 3 spd Armstrong 
taken 2/1 ~ CRB. Please retum 01 
describe location 10 452-2164. 12/141 

Reward (or return of turquoise jadcet 
wired plaid lining a'ld removable 
sJeeI,e that was remcMd from HL1402. 
Cal 455-5956. 12/141 



An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 

Vol. I, No.6 . February 14, 1985 

The resUl1leftce of perfonnance art 



....... Fr.TF 

Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

AalOCiate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributinl Editon 
ETHAN FEERST. JOAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HI,!. 

JAMES RALPff P;4(pp' 
Staff 

MIK E AHN. RODDY 
BOGAWA. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MU NIC. JOHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial: 45USSO 
Advertiainll 452-3466 

HialllS is published every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
or use witho ut wr itten 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited letters. 
manuscripts. and artwork. but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-oJ6. LA Jolla. CA. 92093 

grove gallery 

0 
;:R 
Z 
....>. 

0 
I 

(}'1 

c! 
m (f) 

~ 
-< I 
f£ 
c! § 
-< I 

Contents 
Cover: Brutus Beefcake, 
Sgt. Slaughter, Big John 
Stud, and the Eighth 
Wonder of the World, 
Andre the Giant: big men 
and big art, performance 
wrestlers. See page 3. 

Snow Falcon .. . . . . page 4 
Director John Schlesinger 

guides Sean Penn and Timothy 
Hutton in a saga of promise 
lost, The Falcon and the 
SlUX4.m'U1n. 

Kitchen Moods. . .. page 5 
The structural and 

emotional sides of an Irish 
kitchen are perfectly combined 
in Patricia Patterson's just' 
opened installation. 

Movies ••• page 6 
Goings On ••• page 7 

~ 
<{ 
C,) 
Z 
~ 
• & 
-.J 
L1J 

~ 
J 

• (f) 
0 
Q::: 
<{ 
C,) 
• (f) 
C,) 
5: g; 
<.!) 
• 

10% OFF ALL MERCHANDISE TO ALLUCSD STUDENTS THROUGH 
THE MONTH OF FEBRUARY 

2 Hia,," Feb. I", 1985 

Winl Winl Winl 

althe Gym 
February 25 

It's so easy! 
All you have to do Is send In a 
card with your name, address 
and phone number to Hiatus 
\\Thorogood Contesf' UCSD, 
8-016, La Jolla, Ca. 92093 or 
drop It off at our office. 
Drawing will be held Feb. 19. 
Enter now. For more 
Information call 452-6580 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

COLUMBIA ARTISTS 

Ar"erican 

"The theatre rocked with laughter." 
N.Y. TIMES 

February 21, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $9.00, Students 55.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $7.00 

~N·(j)T£LiTN]N4I 
""'--__ UC;SD Box Office: 452-4559 __ ---' 

The baddies took an early lead thanks 
to such questionable tactics as eye 
gouging and choking, but Hart and 
Sammartino came back to win with 
some unselfish teamwork. 

By MIKEL TOOMBS 
The virtue of all-in wrestling is 

that it is the spectacle of excess. Here 
we find a grandiloquence that must 
have been that of ancient theatres .. . . 
Even hidden in the most squalid 
Parisian haUs, wrestling partakes of 
the na~ of the great solar 
spectacles, Greek drama and 
bullfights: in both, a light without 
shadow generates an emotion 
without reserve (Roland Barthes, 
M,u.ologies, 1957). 

Dear TNT: My wife and I emulate 
some of the wresders that we see on 
TNT, such as the Executioner, Mil 
Mucaraa and the Spoiler. Recently, I 
even put a muk on m, wife, and I 
must say it really improved things. I 
would sugest that perhaps you read 
this to your viewus and perhaps it 
should help some of them as well 
(Anonymous wrestling fan, 1984). 
"Something weird in the USA: 
"Who ya genna call?" 
"Sgt. Slaughter!" 

Only in an age when college 
students would even think of voting 
for Ronald Reagan could a 
muscleheaded professional wrestler 
going by the name of Sgt. Slaughter 
become one of the hippest men in 
the country. Parading around the 
"squared circle" carrying a tiny US 
flag (approximating the size of his 
brain), this oversized Dudley l)o... 
Right has Nmed himself, a la Gl}oe. 
into a Real American Hero. (Bruce 
Springsteen, however, took one look 
at the Sarge and changed his tune to 
"Born in the UK. ttl 

Slaughter, recognizing the threat 
to this country from the Iranians and 
the Russkies-and realizing we 
couldn't count on wuues (sic) like 
Prince and Michael Jackson-
decided to use his power as an 
entertainer and form his elite 
"Cobra Corps." As. featured in the 
current issue of WWF Magatine, the 
World Wrestling Federation's 
surprisingly classy (I'm not kidding: 
"complement your wrestling 
library," it invites) publication 
available at Waldenbooks, the 

Cobra Corps are put through a 
grueling boot-camp training that the 
paunchy Sarge-whose hat 
combines with the woodsy setting to 
make him look like Smokey the 
Bear-would no doubt flunk. 

A film of that training camp 
(which seemed quite real) was 
shown not too long ago on that 
wonderful wrestling talk/aetion/-
variety/ c:ookin~/ advice show. TNT. 

Originally titled Tuesda, Night 
TitaN-it now can be seen Friday 
evenings at 5 on USA Network-
this straight-faced, larger-chan-life 
version of Fernwood and America 2-
night is hosted by WWF spokesman 
Vince McMahon, whom you might 
have seen outdeadpanning TNT fan 
David Letterman on Dave's Third 

. Anniversary Special, and sidekick 
Lord Alfred Hayes, the Briton who 
plays Arthur Treacher to 
McMahon's Merv. 

Along with the videotaped 
excitement of forearm smashes, 
front head locks and sleeper holds (a 
no-no for your police. but wrestlers 
are often above the law), the show 
has had such illustrious guests .IS 
Junk Yard Dog, who treate~ 
McMahon and Hayes to some 

The Department of Literature p-resents 
Frederick William Turner III 

'Repnta' L«turer in February 

Frederick William Turner Ill, a one-time 
professor whose passion for jazz and the 
environment led him toa freelance writing 
career will give two public lectures this 
month. 

Wednesday, Februaty 20 
8:00 pm, UK 104 
Muir in tltt Mountains 

In addItion he Will conduct a colloquium 
on February 19 at 4:00 pm in Third College 
Humanllie Buildi ng. room 142. emided 
"My Life .. ~ a Freelance Wnter " 

ror funher mformallon C,tU 
th~ Lltl'l:ttllr(, I>ep,mment 4'i2 1214 

down home cooking, and Capt. Lou 
Albano, the manager whose fabled 
"feud II with Cyndi Lauper 
culminated in a match between 
surrogates Wendi Richter and the 
Fabulous Moolah in front of 18,000 
screaming fans at Madison Square 
Garden, which Cyndi's wrestler won 
in a controversial double pin. 
(Lauper, incidentally, had her name 
mispronounced by the MSG ring 
announcer as "Cyndi Looper.") 
Formerly a heavy (and not just in 
weight-TV announcer Gorilla 
Monsoon once called him the 
foremost living testimony for birth 
control), the Capt. has now joined 
with Lauper in the fight against 
Multiple Sclerosis. 

As for TNT, it culminated its 
debut season in late December with a 
two-ring wedding where the groom 
was bodyslammed to the mat by 

Jesse "The Body" Ventura, followed 
by a reception at which the happy 
couple received such gifts as a box of 
rubber bands (from Capt. Lou) and 
a raw fish (from the Wild Samoans). 

Although he didn't disrupt any 
marriages Sunday night at the Sports 
Arena, Ventura did try to rearrange 
the face of one Terry Gibbs by 
sliding it along the top rope. That 
maneuver by the hometown 
(Coronado) wrestler was one of the 
more exciting moments in a colossal 
card that also featured a frisky Junk 
Yard Dog, former Dallas Cowboy 
Jim "The Anvil" Neidhardt (whose 
nickname should be "The Gut") and 
a muscleman/bodybuilder duel 
between "Olympic strol\iMan" Ken 
Patera and "Mr. USA" Tony Atlas. 

The best contest was a tag team 

match between bad guys Alexis 
Smimoff (from Russia) and the 
Spoiler (from Parts Unknown) and 
good guys Brett Hart and David 
Sammanino, son of "living legend" 
Bruno Sammanino. The baddies 
took an early lead thanks to such 
questionable tactics as eye gouging 
and choking, but Hart and 
Sammartino came back to win with 
some unselfish teamwork. 

Unfortunately, the event had 
many a duU moment, notably an 
interminable opening match where 
the fans-especially a large family at 
ringside complete with mom, dad, 
kids and grandma (the most vocal)-
were much more interesting that the 
wrestling. An even bigger dud was 
the "colossal" part of the show, the 
showdown between those two man-
mountains, Big John Studd and 
Andre the Giant, the Frenchman 

billed as "The Eighth Wonder of the 
World." (You might have seen them 
dwarfing Dudley Moore-not that 
that's too hard-in Micki and 
Maude.) 

The match promised a lot of 
heavy-duty thrills, but it collapsed 
weakly when Studd's manager, little 
Bobby "The Brain" (aka "Weasel") 
Heenen got his client disqualified by 
entering the ring to thwart a Giant 
body slam. 

The main event, a grudge match 
between "Inter-Continental 
Champion" Greg "The Hammer" 
Valentine (that'S opposed to 
"World Champion" Hulk Hogan) 
and "The Challenger," Tito Santana, 
had a lot more action-including 
plenty of attempted figure-four 

- pled.st tum to page 6 

~-~IIENTION-----4 
Scnlors, Juniors, and Sophomores 

Would you like the secrets to Graduate/Professional School 
Admissions revealed? 

If so, why not attend the Graduate/Professional School 
Admissions Workshop on Wednesday, February 20, 1985, 3:00 pm 
to 4:30 pm, Third College Dean's Office. 

By all means, don't keep the Workshop a secret! Tell your friends, 
et al. Tentative Guest Speakers from UCSD School of Medicine 
Admissions Office, UCLA School of Lavv Admissions Office, UCLA 
School of Business Admissions Office and UCSD Office of Graduate 
Studies & Research. 

SponsOl'ed by· Student Affirmative ActIon Committee/Career SeMces, AISC, 
APSA, BSU, MEChA and 'me. 

FOI' further mfo-matlon, plca<;e C()1i ><2573, 6108 



What your country 
can do to you 

By KENNETH FURIE 
Perhaps there is nothing more 

poignant than to witness the loss or 
corruption of that which seems most 
promising. Most definitely, John 
Schlesinger, co-producer and 
director of The Falcon and the 
Snowman, believed this when he 
slated Robert Lindsey's novel (based 
on a true story) for film. The result is 
both an excellent film and an 
excellent story. 

The story is about an unusual pair 
of friends, one of whom, Andrew 
Daulton Lee (Sean Penn), is a drug 
dealer. The other, Christopher 
Boyce (Timothy Hutton), becomes 
disillusioned with his country and its 
agencies. Boyce instigates a series of 
crimes, with the help of Daulton, 
against his country; selling classified 
information to the Soviets. 

The story is excellent for filming 
because of its inherent suspense, 
heightened by Schlesinger as the 
director. Because of the film's 
careful study of the character of 
Boyce, the audience watches and 
understands as his disillusionment 
changes into anger, making his 
crimes seem almost justified. 

The film begins with slow, silent 
glimpses of the late sixties and early 
seventies. This is to indicate the 
setting of the story, but is presented 
in such a way as to instill an 
uneasiness in the viewer; a vague 
premonition that the film about to 
be seen is dealing with a serious and 
depressing topic. Most prominent is 
footage of Robert Kennedy, Martin 

Luther King Jr. and John Lennon. 
All these are well-loved men of 
ultimate promise, all of whom were 
cut in mid-bloom. 

Schlesinger applies this image to 
our country; once a monument of 
modern thought and melded 
cultures, now an imperialistic, 
corrupted entity. Also prominent in 
the opening shots is a glimpse of 
Richard Nixon on the victory stand, 
celebrating, waving to the crowd 
with his fingers raised in the "peace" 
sign. A heavy-handed irony. 

Hutton's character, Christopher 
Boyce, has been disillusioned with 
religion. The viewer's first contact 
with him is his inexplicably quitting 
the seminary. 

Aside from Schlesinger's 
recurring images, his cleverness is 
also shown in his handling of 
suspense and foreshadowing. In 
many scenes, the protagonists are 
involved in mundane acts, but there 
is a knotting of muscles in the pit of 
the viewer's stomach, a certain fear 
that something dreadful is going to 
happen. Schlesinger subtly 
emphasizes this fear when the camera 
rests briefly on a couple of 
nondescript characters, residing 
silently in the shadows next to where 
the action is; and when Boyce (the 
Falcon) leans up against the wall, 
where the shadows oflighi: streaming 
through the blinds makes it seem as 
if he is in prison, foreshadowing his 
future. 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

Avant-garde J~ 

February 22, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Rm. B-210 

G.A. $5.00, Students $3.00 
UCSD Fac/StatI/Sr.Cit $4.00 

(i)TJ~£Ti\DN~ 
"--__ & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 __ _ 
.. Hiaru. Feb. 14, 1985 

Sean Penn and Timothy Huuon faa TeGUC, in ''The Falcon and cite SrMKUm4n." 

As for the acting, no one could ask 
for any better. Penn is incredible as 
the seedy, greasy drug,addict 
Daulton. Watching Daulton, it is 
impossible to recognize any of the 
characters Penn has played before, 
like the memorable Spicoli in Fast 
TimeJ at Ridgemont High and the 
gentler character in Racing With the 
Moon. Hutton, as the cool, hard, 
executive Boyce has come a long way 
from the nervous volatility of 
Conrad in Ordinary PeoPle. 

If there is any flaw in the film, it is 
that Schlesinger does not offer an 
opinion on the acts of Boyce. There 
is an obvious attempt to arouse 

sympathy with the character, but 
when it comes right down to it, it is 
impossible to determine whether or 
not the filmmakers condone what 
Boyce has done. In one of the final 
scenes, Boyce is interrogated and has 
made a full confession. The 
questioner asks, baSically, "Isn't 
there another method of protest 
which would not have been so 
drastid" to which Boyce makes no 
answer. The audience leaves the 
theater silently, somewhat awed and 
confused because of this. Perhaps 
this is intentional on the part of the 
filmmakers, but it is, nevertheleu, 
unpleasant. 

The world is waitiDg. 
Be an exchange student. 

Step into an adventure filled with opportunities and chal· 
lenges. As part of International Youth Exchange, a Presidential 
Initiative for peace, you live abroad with your new host family. 
Learn new skills. Go to new schools. Make new friends. 

Young people from all segments of American society are 
being selected. If you{l like to be one of them, write for more 
infonnation on programs, costs and financial aid. 

Help bring the world together, one friendship at a time. 

Write: \'OUTH EXCHANGE 
I\reblo. Colorado 81009 

!I Tht.· I "t~malional Yt~lh Ex.chanJ( I, 

Looking at her paintinlP is like 
listening to music played on a 
faultlessly-tuned instrument. Not 
only is there a senae of the 
confidence of the musician, but a 
harmony that emana~ from the 
surface of the canvas out to the 
viewer. Like a repetition of notes, 
there is a repetition of brushstrokes I 
and particular symbols in anyone 
painting, giving the viewer a feeling 
for the evolution of the painting, as if 
it were being done anew each time it 
is seen. 

There is a perfection in the air as 
one walks through the installation of 
Patricia Patterson's work. It is the 
realization of a style and goal. 
Patricia's work makes an uncluttered 
statement about the moods and the 
people of the Aran Islands in Ireland. 
Patricia has realized her technique of 
gestural representation and nowhere 
in the painting is there the slightest 
hint of hesitation or doubt. 

Patterson's installation is called 
An Cisteanach/The Kirchen and is a 
combination of the structural 
elements of a kitchen and images 
representing the actions occuring in 
the kitchen. Mix the emotional 
moods created by the paintings with 
the languid mundaneness of the 
kitchen table with four chairs, the 
painted tile floor, the hearth and the 
stove, and you get the senae, not of a 
representation of a kitchen, but of 
the kitchen itself. The kitchen as the 
heart of the household, the 
underlying melody that unifies aU I 
the individual expressions which 
take place within the family. 

The paintings within the 
environment of the welcoming 

Capturing the eltlotional 
melodies of a lifestyle 

By CHRIS YOUNG 

sure, but more than that he is 
engaging, playful and happy, a man 
who has grown out of the place 
where he remains. 

Nan and Coilin are not in the 
paintings, they are in their kitchen. 
And we, like Patricia, are welcome 
there; to relax and sit, or talk, or go 
out and walk on the beach as we 
please. As a viewer, there is no sense 
of voyeuristic intrusion into the lives 
of others, rather a comfortable visit 
with old friends. 

There -are three exterior landscape 
scenes which create the environment 
within which the kitchen is placed. 
The first, " Maire Powell's Shop, 
Kilronan," is a street scene of the 
small town of Kilronan where 
Patterson went on and off for 20 
years. She absorbed not only the 
images of the place but the language, 
the smells, the patterns of a life and 
the mood of an island where the 
people still speak Gaelic. In the street 
scene, there is an' efficiency of 
painterly method which mirrors the 
economy of passion which went into 
the construction of the buildings. 
Straightforward and simple 
brushwork accents the uncomplica, 
ted utilitarian quality of the place. 

"View of the sea from Onaght 
Crossroads" is the second outdoor 
view. It is quite literally out the door. 
To view the painting, one must pass 
.by another kitchen table and go out ~ through a wall with simple windows 

U and a door. The work is a long 1 panoramic horizontal, split between ' 
.1: coast and sky; a cloudy day, weaving 

~ sunset by the water. One can almpst 
...... ____ ......... _____ ===::=........,.... ___ ---1 -! feel the stirring of a chill wind. 

plaue cum to ~e 6 

kitchen are photographic moments 
of activity and emotion. The objects 
of the kitchen and the people are 
repeated throughout the paintings. 
In "Nan in the Kitchen," Nan stands 
confronting the viewer while 
complacently drying a dish. She is 
neither threatening nor threatened 
by the confrontation because she is 
so at home, so much a part of her 
environment. 

Then there is "Coilin, " the man as 
well as the painting. In all the 
paintings of Coilin, of which there 
are five, there is a strong sense of 
personal interaction between subject 
and painter. Patterson's respect for 
the character of this man comes out 
in her rhythmic representations of 
his action. Baking bread takes on an 
entirely new meaning when defined 
by the sureness and musical quality 
of Patricia's style. Coilin is Irish to be 

THE JOURNEY HAS BEGUN 
An impressive technological journey began over 
three decades ago at Hughes Aircraft Company. 
Today. with more than 90 diverse technololies 
ranging from sub-micron electronics to large scale 
systems. you ' ll find Hughes people lorling new 
discoveries , new lutures. 
Become part of the Hughes tradition of 
technological firsts . Our more than 92 different 
technologies involve expertise in: 
Electrical. Mechankal. Manulacturln, 
or Industrial EnslnHrln .. Computer 
Science. Physics. Electronks TechnoloaY. 
Requirements may vary . Check with your 
placement office about Hu.hes· company·wide 
opportunities at anyone of 12 Southern California 
locations .. nd Tucson. Arizona. 

Or contact Hughes Corporate College Relations. 
Dept. NC. Bldg. C2/B118. P.O. Box 1042. EI 
Segundo, CA 902.5. Equal Opportunity 
Employer Proof of U.S. Citizenship Required 

Hushes r",presentaUves will be on campus 
February 27 

(See your placement office (or an appointment.) 

HUGHES 

ON CAMPUS 
Feb. 14, 1985 H..... S 

_. 



r---------------------------------~ 
40% OFF 

All Ray Ban 
Sunglasses 

by Bausch a Lomb 
I~---------------------------------

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

.-___ - - - - -Good with this coupon thru 2-~ - - - - - - - -
4()CI, off suggested retail on our entire stock 
of Ray Ban Sunglasses by Bausch & lomb. 

I 
I 

Choose from men's & women's styles from Son Diego's 
finest selection of Wayfarers. ski glasses, metal.. etc., etc .... 

We guarant .. the lowest lunglau prices on 
all majOr sunglaa brands of any retail store. 

Old rown 1461 San Diego Ave. (Next to Old Town I'fexiun ~e) 692-OOJ9 
encinitas 745 first St. (Lumbe~rd Shopping Center) 942-OJJ7 
LiJ )011. 1030 Torrey Pines Rd. (Next to Yogurt AIT..ir) 454-8006 

a.l1UtOIIt Sq~ 4675 CIM~mont Driue 272 __ 
I, _________ ,For other please coll. _________ - ,J 

Valentine's Specidls 

Dell • Salads 
Bak8d Good, 
Ice Cream 
Candy 

FREE ICE CREAM 
2FOR 1 

Buy 1 Cone Get 1 Free 
V.lid with Ad Only 

" One Of The 
World. 8 •• , 
Ie. Cr.ams" 

Tim. Magazine 

expires 2-1 8-85 

Valentine', Trufft .. 
from Son Francisco 
Raspberry & Kohluo 

15 .. P 
200 

Valentine Day 
H.arl Shape CooII l .. 

B.kery ggc 51 0 Fresh .ach or Oo,en 

6 Hiatus Fe. 14, 1985 

h II 111 1,.' In U II , : 
CHEESECAKE 

New York Styte 13 oz 

1 yo! fO( students 
,. 
2!? 

S400 

per Ib 

GALLO 
WINES 

2QQ 

• French Columbard 
• Chen,n Blanc 
• Rose 1 ~ t Ill,. 

All 
Valentine'. 

Card. 

10%01 

BUDWEISER 
IP •• '110 • . eln 

Movies you won't see 
By MIKEL TOOMBS 

It's too early to judae the merita of 
Berlin, New Mexico (openin8 Friday 
at the Coma), but here are lOme of 
the more notable movies playtRil 
around town: 

A PaJSage to Clewland. An 
eminent filmmaker (Sir David Lean) 
Is humiliated when he hu to shoot 
an epic in the Rust Bowl on a budget 
of $1<40,000. Finally, when forced" to 

· liaten to Screamln' Jay Hawkina' "I . 
Put a Spell on You," he fleea to 
Hunpry, foraemns that he lives in 
Enaland. (Grilled) 

Beverl, Hills Slop. Eddie Murphy 
proves that people will come to see 
him in an,ching. (Univenity Oown 
Center) 

Placa in ~ Cownn, Riwr. A 
family of dnemaphilea tries to hold 
ita around apinlt a flood of farm 
filma. Scan MelOibaon u the father 
struaU", to maintain an American 
accent while yeamin8 to return to 
Australia and make another 
minc::Ue. action flick. (La Jolla 
TIllqe) 

~. Obec:we rendition of the 

The Kitchen 
connn_ from Ne.5 

Last is the "Haystack" which, of 
all the images, serves to indicate the 
directions that Patterson II leaning in 
her work. Unlike her figurative 
works of people in the kitchen, all of 
which emanate a complete 
understanding of their pl, this 
paintiRil seems to lead the viewer to 
areas where perhaps Patricia has noc: 
ventured before. It is as If all the 
other works were done by a master 
musician playiRII a favorite piece 
with an instrument that isablOlutely 
familiar, and this one is new. Perhaps 
a new instrument, still played by the 
master musician, but without the 
prior knowledge and precise 
understanding of the ultimate goal. 
The painting itself is simple, a 
haystac1c: in a field. centered on a 
square canvas, but the underlying 
qualities are not found in the other 
works. The strokes are different, 
bigger and stronger, pulling the 
image away from the beautifully 
drawn quality of the kitchen scenes. 
The haystack becomes less defined, 
less precise, losing exactness and 
gaining importance. The haystack 
becomes a metaphor for everything 

. about the islands; all the importance 
and life of the domestic emoc:ions in 
the kitchen, and the house that 
surrounds the kitchen. and the town 
that surrounds the house and the air 
and the light and the ocean that 
surround the islands. The subject of 
"Haystack" is both nothing more 

Wrestling 
rontinued from pqe .3 
leglocks-but ended with one of 
those cop--out counted-out-of·the· 
ring decisions, as in "he retains the 
championship, but the winner of the 
match is .... " Valentine, you mtaht 
recall, had taken the championship 
from Santana and broken his knee in 
the process. Film of the resulting 
arthroscopic surgery was a light 
(whether high or low, 1 don't know) 
on last seasons's TNT, and helped 
endear Tiro to a number of new fans, 
cwn though, e\ iJenced by an 

third draft to Arthur C. Clarke's 
sequel to 200f. (Divine Ana) 

The Thrilling Fields. Two 
journalista are separated in that war 
zone known as a Jacksona' concert. 
(Glove) 

Ptaple Dane. Supentar Prince 
plays, appropriately enouah, Prince 
Hamlet in this muaical remake of a 
8lll Shakelpeare claule. Prince 
performs "Let's Go Crazy" and 
ApoUonia (as Ophelia) sillP "I 
Would Die + U." (Clove) 

Porle,'s IV: The Morning A~ me 
NiglaJ Before ~ Nat Da,. Fantasy let 
in the distant future with the maken 
of the obscenely lucceaful series 
wakins up and deddina to donate all 
their profita to help eue the famine 
in Ethiopia. (Cinema Droumont) 

And if that isn't enoush Cand 
don't you think it oucht to be?), 
there'l a related video: 

Do The, Kl1OUIlt's V 4Uenrine's Da,? 
Scores of dimwitted US rock ltan 
tosether to raise money 10 that they 
can send Valentine's Day carda to 
needy Ethiopians. 

''The Manti.," by Patricia PattenoD 

than a haystack and everything elie. 
The most striking contrast in the 

show is between the art and the 
artist. The unhesitating confidence 
of Patricia's paintiRil style. is very ' 
different from the careful, quiet 
openness of her manner. The 
aggressive posture of her artistic 
emotions complement the more 
deferential, caring approach of her 
personal emotions. This balance of 
contrasted emotions creates a 
complex merging of art and artist. 

The installation will be on display 
at the Newspace Gallery until March 
2. The Gallery is on Melroee Avenue 
in Los Angeles and the two·hour 
drive is more than worth it when you 
combine the marvelous Mexican 
meal available just down the street. 
For more information call (213) 
469·9353. 

appearance on the local Insert to 
WWF Wrestling (Saturdays at noon 
on Channel 6), he doesn't seem to 
have fully come out from under the 
anesthesia. 

Coming hard on the heels of 
Sunday's card is another 
eXtravapnza on Monday, Feb. 25, at 
the Sporta Arena. This one promises 
"Polish Power" Ivan Putaki, Mr. 
Wonderful, and Magnificent 
Muraco, PolyneSian Jimmy 
"Supert1.y" Snuka and a glamour. 
paclced main event with the 
insufferably vain Brutus Beefcake 
challenging the Hullcsrer himself, 
Hullc HORan . 

~ Goings on 

The What', Cooldn. series, 
orpnized by Center for Muaic 
Experiment (CME) founder 
Pauline OUverOl, will pretent a 
new IIeries of woru at the CME 
at UCSD. Work, will be 
performed by faculty of UCSD 
involved with the prOlRm u 
well u invited artiatt. For 
propam information, inquire at 
the CUE. 

T ornorrow night offers an 
excellent choice of music for you 
concert and club devotees. At the 
Spirit Club will be the Del 
Fuesoe from Botton in a special 
appearance. 1beir debut LP, 1M 
Longest Day, ha, received 
excellent reviewa by .n and 
proves the Del Fuqot will be an 
important lIfouP in the near 
future. 

The 5th Annual 
Southern California Presbyterian 

College/Career Conference 

"AGENDA 

Alao on the theater front, 
Friday mit'" the openin, 
performance of the San Oiqo 
Gilbert and Sullivan Company's 
vertion of Trial by Jury and 
The Zoo. Thi. performance will 
run through the 2-+th . 239· 
8836. 

* * * On Saturday nisht Suicidal 
Tendeneiel will vitit San Diqo 
at Carpenter', Hall at 2309 
Broadway. Their debut album it 
one of the briKhtest hopei on the 
independent music front, and 
yes, this is the Suicidal 
Tendencies you see on MTV at 
3:30 in the morn in,. Openers 
include Jeffrey Lee·Pierce', once 
pranced outfit Tell and the 
Honebe.da, who now seem 
quite fit to take off on their own, 
along with locals luch u our one 
and only Intolentt and Claude 
Coma and the IV'I (who just 
won't dillppear). 565·~7. 

'" '" '" On Wedneaday The KinJu 
return to San Diego .t Golden 
Hall. A. one of the VOUpl 
spawned from the mod·R&.B 
acene of Britain in the mid-'60s, 
the Kinks have shared the title of 
"roll over or break up pleue" 
along with the Rollinl Stones. So 
there have been a lot of ,000 
IOnp along the way, and towards 
the end a lot of bad ones. Ray 
Davies it one of the best 
softiWrlten around, and the new 
LP Word of MONth it a step away 
from the tchlocky direction in 
which they have been moving. 
Cheers and 1000 luck, boys, but 
if you play "Yau Really Got Me" 
one more time, I'll.... '483-
6339. 

Friday nisht will also mark the 
opening performance of the La 
Jolla Stile Olmpany and USIU's 
International Company's 
performance of God.pell, 
directed by Mitchell Levine. The 
performance will be held at the 
Parker Community Auditorium 
on 750 Nautilus St. In La Jolla. 
For other performance dates and 
all ticlcet info, call "59·7773. 

'" '" '" Also on Friday night at· 
SDSU's Baclcdoor will be John 
Hiatt. For thOle of yau who 
don't know who he is, well, he's 
the one who was an incredibly 
big influence on Elvis Costello 
and early Joe Jackson. While 
mainly unrecOlf\ized by the 
lIfeater public II such (except by 
Costello himself), Hiatt remains 
one of the clastic pop writers 
the time. 265-6947. 

T ontaht at SDSU', 8ac:kdoor 
will be a special appearance of 
The PUmIoult, who always 
provide a aood time for .n. How 
about a study break and an early 
start on your weekendr For ticket 
information, call 265-6562. 

'" '" * AI part of the · Salute to Jepan 
Festival, produced by San Oieso 
State, KPB.> TV will air The 
Human Face of Japan, 
Imperial Palace and Ja .. o, 
Inc. on Saturday, Feb. 16. 265· 
6415. 

'" '" '" On Sunday , at the La Jou.. 
Presbyterian Church will be folk 
music reciullat Sam Hinton. 
The church is located at 7715 
Draper Ave. in La Jolla. ..5 .. · 
1605. 

A (J"eat humpback whale. 50 feet Ionio stands motionless 
on its head, 60 feet below the ocean's surface. Suddenly, it 
begins "singing" a haunting melody of base !Dnes and shrill 
aounds that reverberate through the deep in a lush a'chestral 
intonation, an event rarely witnessed by hwnan observers. 

These and other faacinatiRil viewa of the awe·inspiring 
manvnals of the deep are seen in WesrOwrWhales, a unique 
rnulti-media p-esentation featuri", ·th~ most aiking images 
ci whales ever seen, as ifay, humpback and killer whales are 
observed in their natural habitat. Saturday, Feb. 16, 7 pm and 
9:15 pm, LaJollaMuacurn ofContempraryArt, 700Proepect 
Stteet. 454·3541. Tickets $6.50 advancel$7 at the door. 

UC SAN DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

rIL~ERIES 
1 . 9 . 8 5 

THE CRITICS ARE EATING IT UP!.,. 
-VI""~nl Canby. NewYorIrTI ... 

FOR BIBLICAL PEOPLE" 
"WICKEDLY FUNNY! 'The Family Game' is 50 rich that Mr. Morita 
would seem to I>e one of the most tidented and original of Japan's new 
Rlmmaleers .. .. a visual adventure!' 

------

-Rkhard freedmaln, Newhoute Newspapen 

with 
Dr. J. Christiaan Beker 

Professor of New Testament Studies 
Princeton Theological Seminary 

March 8-10, 1985 

Registration Fee: $42.00 
(no later than February 22) 

For more information call: 
Uaited Campa. Min.try 

Office of Religious Affairs, 8-009 
452-2521 

.. * '" * * A BEGUILING CHARMINGLY ECCENTRIC COMEDY!' 
-51ephen Schaoler. U. !llapzine 
"Challen,in, comedy blends wry criticism with tenderness. hope and 
DAFFY HUMOR!' 
-J. Hoberman. Vllla&e Voleo 
"FUNNY AND ENERGETIC RIGHT DOWN TO ITS 'THREE STOOGES' 
FINALE!' 
-Willy .. Wolf. Canne" N .... ,. .... n 
.. * * * * VERY FUNNY ... a strllrln, contemporary comedy!' 
-Kalhlo.n Carroll. Dally News 
.. A DELICIOUSLY WRY COMEDY!' 

------

-JOMph Celml •• roe ... 
.. * * * * A SUBVERSIVE SCREWBALL COMEDY remlnlKeat of 
'Zero For Conduct' ... one of tbe moat blum slapitldc ROlla of aa, 
comedy In recent memory. FuB olllLlrveloUi secreta and nocathe 
humor that rkodteb areuacl in the mind after one leaves the theatre:' 

February 19, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $.5.00, Stu. 6t Sr. $3.00 
.... _~1XM£IN!N. & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559_ ... 

Feb. 1", 1985 H....... 7 



OCT 
C4n1PUS recreation 

8 Hiatus Feb. 14, 1985 

Department of Phvslcol Education 

• • • 
• 

• • • 
~ATURDAY, F€DRUARY 23 8 PM MAIN GVM 
~PON~OR€D BV OFFIC€ OF CAMPU~ R€CR€ATION & Mlll€R D€€R 

',\ 9/PJ!r 
Itlt.1f III t 

I, 
I. 


