


2 Thw~day: Apnl 4, 1985 

The UC Board of Regents today 
approved a joint venture agreement 
berween the Regents and AMI 
Diagnostic Services, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of American Medical 
International (AMI), to operate a Magnetic 
Resonance research and clinical 
diag"nostic program at UCSD Medical 
Center. AMI executive approval will 
follow. 

The 50-50 pannership between the 
nationwide corporation and the 
University is the fi rst such in the UC 
system. " . 

Construction of the MR facility at the 
Medical Center staned in September, 
1984. The MR equipment-including its 
eight-ton magnet "core"-was installed 
earlier this month . The faci lity is 
scheduled for completion in mid-April, 
1985, and the Center is expected to 
accept its first patients in May. 

The agreement guarantees to UCSD 
Medical Center five hours of imaging 
time per week during operating hours 
for either indigent care patient services 
or for research patients. Evenings and 
weekends also will be available for 
clinical investigation using this 
important new technology. 

MagnetiC resonance imaging uses 
powerful magnets and radiowaves to 
an alyze the human body, and has been 
hailed as the greatest advance in 
diagnostic medIci ne since deve10pment 
of the X-ray. 

The new equipment surpasses other 
diagnos tic imaging techniques for 
detecting and identifying diseases of the 
brain, spinal cord , heart, liver, blood 
vessels and other organs. 

In contrast to X-rays, which disclose 
only the shape of the object being 
examined, magnetic resonance imaging 
also reveals something of the tissue's 
chemical composition and physical 
chardcteristics. Therefore, it can provide 
heretofore unobtainable information 
concern ing patients' metabolic 
processes. 

The magnet of the new UCSD 
machine is three times more powerful 
than the only other MR facility in San 
Diego. 

o 
The duu-dimensional molecular 

sttucture of the world's sweetest 
compound has been determined by 
scientists at the University of California, 
Berkeley. 

The research led by Sung-Hou Kim, 
professor of chemistry, was published 
recently in the Procetdings oJ rhe Narionai 
Academy oj Sciences, 

The scientists expect their 
understanding of the structure of the 
intensely sweet protein known as 
thaumatin I will allow the fi rst effective 
studies of the precise molecular basis of 
taste. 

Up to now, such studies have been 
thwarted by the high concentrations of 
substances needed to produce taste 
sensations. 

In such high concentrations, sugar or 
. sacchari n, for example , inevitably bind 
chemically to many sItes on the tongue 
in addit ion to the key sweetness 
receptors, This prevents researc hers 
from identifying the molecular links 
between the sweeteners and the tongue's 
receptors. 

About 100,000 times sweeter than 
sugar, molecule for molecule, and 600 
times sweeter than aspaname 
(Nutrasweet), the protein tastes sweet in 
concentrations as minute as those at 
whic h hormones work in the body (one 
molecule per 100 mill ion). 

It is one of the fi rst-known substances 
in a new class of compounds known as 
taste-active proteins. Most proteins have 
li ttle or no taste, 

The protein was isolated In the 1970s 
from the berries of a West African rain 
forest shrub known as the katemfe. 

In its natural form, it has been used 
by Africans for centuries to sweeten 
foods , such as bread and palm wine . 

Armed with a de ta iled three-
dimensional picture of the prote in's 
molecular structure, the Berkeley 
scientists plan first to pinpoint the 
"sweet region" of the la rge molecule. 

They hope then to study how this 
region links to the tongue's receptors to 
produce the actual taste sensation, 

' Once we understand the chemical 
basis of sweetness, we can explore the 
whole realm of chemical sense 
perception," said Kim (who is also a 
principle investigator at the Lawrence 
Berkeley Laboratory). 

The senses of taste and smell, relying 
almost entirely on chemical perception , 
are the most poorly understood of all 
the senses, 

In addition to their great scientific 
value in teasing apart the molecular 
basis of taste, the prote ins thaumatin 
and moneUin may be of importance 
commercially. 

One possibility would be the use of 
the compounds as anificial sweeteners 
themselves. 

But also , once the proteins' 'sweet 
regions" are identified , scientists will for 
the first time be able to intentionally 
design sweet compounds, 

In addition , the two proteins have 
other assets of value to those interested 
in altering the taste of foods. 

The proteins have a ' potentiating 
effect: Kim explained , which means 
they enhance other flavor sensations, 
even after being rinsed from the mouth . 

This lingering effec t was discovered 
quite by accident. Kim related that a 
group of scientists had done a ' taste 
test" of thaumatin's sweemess. 

Then, while discussing their findings 
over a pot of tea and a plate of cookies, 
they all found themselves ovetwhelmed 
by the mint flavor of the cookies, Kim 
said , 

' In fact, the cookies weren't 
particularly strong at all ," Kim explained. 
"It rurned out to be the effect of the 
protein thaumatin, even after they had 
rinsed out their mouths." 

Thaumalin also has been found to 
weaken certain flavors, such as 
-rtshiness." 

o 
The aquarium at UCSD's Scripps 

Instirution of Oceanography is 
sponsoring a late-night walk along the 
La Jolla beach to observe the high-tide 
courtship of the grunion on Saturday, 
April 6. . 

The walk will begin with a lecrure on 
grunion at 9:30 pm in the Scripps 
Aquarium Classroom on the Scripps 
Institution campus, 8602 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. Following the lecture, the group 
will go to the beach adjacent to Scripps 
to observe the predicted grunion run, 
No grunion hunting will be aUowed as 
April and May are a closed season 
according to state law. 

Fee for the lecture and walk is $5 for 
adults and $2 for childre n under 12 
years of age . Children must be 
accompanied by an adult. The walk is 
scheduled to conclude at 12:30 am. For 
registration, caU Scripps Aquarium, 452-
4578. 

Scri pps Aquarium's se nior aquarist, 
Bob Snodgrass, will give the lecture and 
guide the grun ion run walk. 

Grunion, a small silve ry fis h, "run" up 
OntO the beaches in the hundreds at 
certain times of the year to lay and 
feni lize their eggs. Grunion run 
according to hilZh-tide periods and 

~---------~----------~ - ........ -1-+--1 ---__ . • . •• • 

Cover: Since 1979, the face of Nicaraguan President 
Daniel Onega has become a symbol of revolutionary 
success for some, a mark of deception to others, We 
present some underpublicized viewpOints on 
democracy in Nicaragua: a repon of the nation's electoral 
processes on page 7, an editorial on self-detennination 
on pages 4-5 , and an eyewitness account on page 9, 
News: The purchase of a paisley stencil was the lead campus 
police needed to catch one purponed member of the UPA; nearly 
half of all UC students get some fonn of financial aid; and Gov, 
Deukmejian sup pons Reagan's proposed budget cuts. 
Opinions: Historians are squinning in their chairs as the White 
House calls the Nicaraguan Contras "the moral equivalent of our 
founding fathers ," Plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: A first -hand account, courtesy of a UCSD dramatist, 
of Nicaraguan life and the subtle and not-so-subtle effects of war. 
Also, ~the writer's i" gets blahS«! about the return to the rat race. 
Sports: Mission Bay will be churning at Saturday'S Crew Classic, 
as UCSD plus somewhere around 25,000 people will be there, 
women's softball is trying to disprove Murphy's Law, 1M sports take 
on a spring flavor, and the Rec, Dept offers you a chance to chart 
the Seven Seas, 
Hiatus: Featured is a photo essay on life south to the border and 
close, The Fents are bringing jazz to campus tomorrow, while the 
Del-lords arrive at the Spirit tomorrow night. Plus Goings On and 
the announcement of the winner of the Hiatus "Stop Making 
Sense" contest. . 

phases of the moon, but it is impossible 
to predict exactly when they Will tun. 

o 
A phenomenon of sprins known as 

vernal pools, freshwater ponds created 
by winter rains, produce biological 
communities of unique rlants ~nd 
animals on the mesas 0 San DIego 
County. These pools and their 
inhabitants will be the subject of a class 
and field trip on Friday and Sarurday, 
April 12-13, sponsored by the aquarium 
at UCSD's Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

The class will introduce the many life 
forms that thrive in pockets of water on 
the inland mesas each spring, during a 
lecrure from 7 to 9 I?m, Friday, April 12, 
at the Scripps Aquarium Classroom. On 
Sarurday, April 13, from 9 am to 11 am, 
participants will go on a walk to a local 
mesa to observe the vernal pools. 

Fee for the class and walk is SLO, and 
registration is limited to persons age ten 
or older. For registration , caD Scripps 
Aquarium at 452-4578. 

The class will be taught by Barbara 
Moore , a Scripps Aquarium instructor 
who is a resident o( Del Mar, 

Vemal pools are formed by rainwater 
that cannot soak into the poorly drained 
soils of the mesa areas. They are called 
vernal pools because the conditions that 
contribute to their formation are most 
likely to occur in the spring. 

These seasonal bodies of water 
provide a habitat for several unusual 
animals and plants, some of which are 
rare and endangered. Since the pools 
dty up in the summer and fall months, 
the life in these ponds must develop to 
maturity in less than six months. The 
plant life unique to vernal pools are 
small heros and algae . The animal life 
includes smaU crustaceans, aquatic 
insects, insect larvae and tadpoles. 
Other animals, including deer, coyotes , 
rabbits, mice and a variety of birds and 
insects, visit the pools as a source of 
water and food . 

Vernal pools occur only where soil 
conditions result in thei r formation. 

Such seasonal ponds, similar to those 
found in San Diego County, are also 
found in Riverside County, California's 
Central Valley, Kansas, louisiana, 
southern Michigan, Baja California, 
Chile and northem AfrIca. In San Diego, 
they have occurred in many locations 
on coastal mesas and inland terraces, 
with the twO major areas being OlaY 
Mesa and Keamey Mesa. 

D 
The University of Califomia Regeats 

named Theodore L Hullar Chancellor of 
UC Riverside, elTective July 1, at their 
meeting Friday, March 15, at UC Irvine. 

HuUar, 50, will serve at UCR's sixth 
chancellor, succeeding Daniel G. 
Aldrich, Jr., who served as acting 
chancellor following the death of 
Chancellor Tomas Rivera last May, 

HuUar was among 290 candidales and 
nominees for the chancellor position 
since the search began last fall . 

' The fit between Ted HuUar's 
impressive attributes and UCR's 
momentum for growth and develot>ment 
is exactly right for this time and place," 
UC President David P. Gardner said , 

In addition , the Board approved all 
items on their agenda, including a new 
program to aid its faculty, panicularly 
junior faculty members, to purchase 
homes. Under the Mortgage Credit 
Certificate Program, eligible faculty can 
receive a direct federal tax credit based 
on the amount of annual imerest 
mortgage payments, The program is 
authorized under the federal Tax Reform 
N.:t of 1984. 

The Board also approved a repon on 
academic affirmative action programs 
which described the progress of women 
and mInorities within the University'S 
tenured and Iadder-rdnk faculty as 
"steady but slow." 

In closed sessions, the Board named 
the Alzhei mer's Disease Research Center 
program at UC San Diego the Aorence 
Riford Clinic, and approved salaries for 
Chancellor-DeSIgnate HuUar of UC 
Riverside and mathematics professor 
John Thompson at UC Berkeley. 

Th ursdaY~IApnl 4, 1.~85 . 3 
NE~ 
~ .., . ~ ",,,.. . ~ 

California scrutinizes financial aid 
Deukmejian supports cuts 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Correspondent 

Gov. George Deukrnejian , who has 
often decla red education his top 
priority, said March 12 he supports 
President Reagan's proposed cutS in 
student financial aid. 

Speakmg to reporters at a meet ing of 
the Sacramento Press Club , Deukmej ian 
speCi fically supported a proposal to 
eliminate Guaranteed Student Loans to 
students with family incomes over 
$32,500. 

' My understanding is that it only 
applies to incomes with an excess of 
$32,5QO. and individuals within that 

Deukmejian's support 
for Reagan's budget 
slashing measures 
comes as no surprise. 
limit would n~t be affected," Deukmejian 
said . 

The governor has proposed a 19% 
budget increase in the state Student Aid 
Commission budget, which would result 
in 1,940 new financial aid awards. 

Deukmejian did not say, however, 
whether he would be open to increasing 
state funding even further to make up 
fo r federal fi nancial aid cuts. 

Reagan's proposals, which could go 
into effect in the 1986-87 school year, 
would also put a $4,000 cap on federal 
aid and limit Pell Grants to students 
with fa mily incomes under $25,000 a 
year. 

UC estimates th at 2,700 students 
would be affected by the Pell Grant cut. 
Ouring a hearing on the proposed cutS 
twO weeks ago. state budget analysts 
estimated 29,000 UC students, receiVing 
S34.8 million in financial aid , would 
ei ther be eliminated from the rolls or 
forced to live with reductions in their 
aid packages. 

Deukmejian's support for Reagan's 
budget slashing measures comes as no 
surprise , as he has often spoken of the 
need to eliminate the huge federal 
.budget. 

' You stan getting into speci fi c items," 
he said in response to reporters' 
questions, "but you have to allow the 
President to set out these proposals. 
Even with the President's budget we're 
still going to be spending a li ttle more 
money than we did last year." 

Deukmejian also likened federal 
budget problems to Ihe fiscal woes 
Californ ia experienced at the beginning 
of his administration and reminded his 
audience of Reagan's 49-state sweep in 
November. 

' During the course of the campaign 
last year, evetyone focused on the size 
of the national defi cit and what we've 

got to do to get on top of it," he said . 
"Reagan said he". wasn 't going to raise 
taxes and build up a defense capability 
that is second to none, and the people 
in 49 states elected him to a second 
term. 

"In view of the tremendous public 
support he received , we should do 
everyth ing we can ," he concluded. ~ 

COMSYSTEMS is GROWING 
Make our growth your gain: 

Our success, your opportunity, 

CHALLENGING POSITIONS 
AVAILABLE FOR YOU - WITH US 

We generate the highest quality computer software and 
systems services. We offer challenging work with state-of-the-
art eqUipment, competitive salaries, benefits, bonus plans, 
advancement opportunities, and the highest quality work 
environment. 

EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES for 
COMPUTER SCIENCE PROFESSIONALS In: 

- Networking - Hardware and Software 
- System Integration Integration 
- Software Development - Requirements Analysis 
- System Design and - Multi-level Security Systems 

Architecture - Configuration Management 
- Software Test and Evaluation - Computer Managed 
- System Analysis Instruction 

M.y 8, 1985 - Interviewing on campus 
Brochures in Placement Office 

3,2 minimum GPA 

To schedule an interview before 
May 8, mail your resume 
immediately to: 

Personnel Dept. (db) 
P.O. Box 81126 
San Diego, CA 92138 

Half oj UC students get aid 
A University of California study shows 

that nearly half of all UC students 
receive some fo rm of financial aid to 
help pay for their education. and that 
one-founh of all undergraduate aid 
supports underrepresented minority 
students. 

The comprehensive report also notes 
that Ihe Unive rsity'S default ra te for the 
largest student loan program is 
SignIficantly lower than Ihe national 
default rate. 

The UC Regents were told at their 
March 14 Board meeting in Irvi ne that 
University students received $252.9 
million in aid in 1983-84, an increase of 
14.9% from the previous year. The 
number of recipients also rose by 4.5% 
to 66,852 out of a population of 136,851 
(48.9%). 

Of the 45 ,252 undergraduates who 
received $143.6 million in aid , 9,419 
were underrepresented minorities 
rece iving $35.8 million in awards. About 
half of the mi nority recipients were from 
low-income famIlies. 

The repon also noted that University 
recipients in the National Direct Student 
Loan Program have defaulted on only 
5.4% of their payments, compared to a 
national average of 9,5%. The 
delinquency ra te in the University's 
overall student loan ponfolio is 7.6%. 
down from 8.9% in 1982-83. 

According to UC figures , last year was 
the first time since 1979-80 tha t 
financia l aid fu ndi ng from all four 
sources-the federal government, UC, 
the State of Californ ia , and private and 
outside agencieS-increased 

significantly. However, it poi nts out, 
when inflation and Consumer Price 
Index (CPl) di ffe rentials are included, 
actual student awards are lower than 
fi ve years ago. 

In 1979-80, it notes, the average aid 
amount per student was $2,641 . In 
1983-84, it wa!! $3,783 but, factOring in 
the student CPI , that figure becomes 
$2,472 in 1979-1980 dollars. 

TypIcal undergraduate costs, 
including fees, room and board, books 
and supplies, personal expenses, and 
transporta tion , are currently estimated at 

University students 
received $252.9 million 
in aid in 1983-84, an 
in crease oj 14.9%, 
about $6500 a year, up $200 from last 
year. 

Of the four aid funding sources, 
priva te and outside agenCies proVIde the 
largest portion- $90.6 million In 1983-
84. Federal aid to UC, in the form of 
grants, student loans and work-study 
programs, amounted to $72.1 million for 
33,000 reci pIents. 

Reagan Administrdtion budget 
proposals to resci nd some programs and 
tighten criteria for others would affect 
about 29,000 UC students faCIng a 
reduction in federal aid of $34,8 million 
in 1986-87, the report said . 

co write 
for tbe Guardianl 

Your campus paper wants your campus input. New 
writers are encouraged to get involved. Gain 
experience, gain knowledge, gain coin, gain entry 
into the Guardian stratum. And it's so easy. 
Just attend one ofthe following writers' meetings, 
held on rrlday at the Guardian office (southeast 
of Revelle, next to the Che cafe). There is a 
different meeting for each section of the paper: 
attend whichever Inter-ests you, or attend the 
general meeting If you aren't sure of what you like 
(or can·t make it at another time): 

orlmons , . , , , .................. 2z00 
~M ........................... 1130 
ARTS (Hlatu) .................... lzOO 
PERSnt'DYm . , , .. , , , . , . , .. , , ... ll30 
sroRlS ................. , ....... 4100 
GtMML .............. , ....... , . 4130 

ALSO, A'lTEffDAlYCf AT THESE MfETINGS IS 
MANDATORY fOR ALL CURRfffT WRITERS. 



... T'w rsday, AI'IlI 'I, 1985 

Editorial 

Freedom in maligned Nicaragua 
One would Uke (0 think that he or 

she has the option to sell-determirk' 
what his or her future will look like. As 
we are brought up (0 believe. freedom is 
a tangible choice that is placed on a 
silver platter before us as the most 
fundamental of all gifts. and Americans 
do not look gift horses in the mouth. In 
part. because of that tradition we have 
set out on a spiraling course of defining 
what types of ideological standards 
others shall live by; a fault of all large 
capitalist nations that dismiss the need 
to reevaluate their own social principles. 
The feeli ng of freedom . for one, is never 
the experience of freedom for another, 
es pecia lly when the types of choices 
available to human beings vary from 
culture to culture. 

Political ideologies abound; the 
nations of the Third World have 
experienced many ruling juntas that 
have pledged to reform the repressive 
systems designed by their colonialist 
predecessors. In most cases. though , the 
indigenous government transformE'd into 
a puppet regime for an economically 

Imerested western pow, r. Considering 
-ile rap Id ity cf rT:!!1snal •. !n31 industrial 
buildup in latin America, It IS no 
wonder that it took countries like 

icamgua almost 50 year:; after the US 
Mannes . last visit to their shores (0 
conduct a successful revolution. ince 
1979, the Sandinista government has 
attempted to implement some very 
concrete changes in a highly 
Impoverished society, namely those 
where the formerly-oppressed peasams 
were granted free health care. education 
and a plot of land to farm. But the 
Sandinistas ignored US requests to 
cominue their standard pace of trade 
within the western market and decided 
to open their import-export sector to 
goods from US foe , Cuba. Following 
that, the FSLN began expropriating 
certain industries around Managua and 
the western coast in concurrence with 
basic socialist doctrine. 

Henceforth, the Reagan 
Administration emers office in 1981 , 
backed by many corporatists who are 
quite afraid of more socialist revolutions 

in Latin America that would subvert 
their profitable entrenchment in the 
region. All of a sudden, without any 
legitimate evidence whatsoever, the 
Administrattion declares that the 
Sandinistas are "communist ryrants" and 
are undermining democratic hopes in 
Central America. In short, the 
Administration proceded (0 denounce 
any Sandinista advance in the area of 
social reform as "mere propoganda," 
helped impose vicious monetary 
sanctions on the vulnerable capitalistiC 
sector and have finanCially backed and 
trained counterrevolutionary forces 
stationed on the neighboring Honduran 
and Costa Rican borders. 

As the propoganda drive to 
delegitimize the Sandinista government 
progresses, so to does the fear of direct 
military intervention among the 
Nicaraguan population . Just a few weeks 
ago, President Reagan, as part of his 
current siege of Congress meant to 
obtain more funding for the Contras, 
tried his hand at historical analogy. He 
reasoned that the Comras, a us-
manufactured group of waywar 
marauders, "are the moral equal of our 
Foundmg Fathers." The analogy is quite 
odd , if not to say in poor taste, for 
where our Founding Fathers 
accomplished a revolution by thrOWing 
out an imperialistiC foreign power, the 
Contras are , by definition , 
coumerrevolutionaries. The revolution 
they so vehemently oppose is one that 
overthrew one of the 20th Century's 
most vicious ryrants, Anastasio Somoza, 
who, in the words of some of our 
journalistiC colleagues. made George 1II 
seem positively small-time. The 
commander of the principal Contra 
force, the man who set Out organizing it 
immediately after Somoza's downfall and 
still commands it , is F.nrique Bermudez, 
a former member of Somoza's National 
Guard and his military attache in 
Washington DC. 

The problem. however, is not merely 

EDlTOP.: PHlUP ~ 

that the Founding Fathers analogy is 
high-strung, nor mythological, but is 
naively destructive both at home and 
abroad. Within days of the President's 
statement, two reports were issued 
evaluating the behavior of the Contras 
(or "freedom fighters" if you are of the 
rhetorical persuasion) in the fidd . 
Americas Watch released a comrarative 
S(udy, ''Violations of the laws 0 War by 
Both Sides in Nicaragua, 1981-1985," 
that documented both the behavior of 
the Comras and the Sandinista forces. 
The report concluded that whereas the 
Sandinistas had committed "major 
abuses: particularly against the Miskito 
Indians on the Atlantic Coast by forcing 
them to move from their homeland to 
less war-tom areas, "the evidence that 
we have gathered shows a sharp decline 
in the violations of the laws of war by 
the Nicaraguan govemment following 
1982," In contrast, America's Watch 
reponed , "The contra forces have 
systematically violated the applicable 
laws of war throughout the conflict. 
They have attacked civilians 
indisc riminately; they have tonured and 
mutilated prisoners; they have murdered 
those placed hars de combat by their 
wounds: they have taken hostages; and 
they have committed outrages against 
personal dignity." 

Now then . in order to preempt a 
washed overresponse by spokesmen 
from the White House , State Department 
and the CIA, lawyers affiliated with the _ 
Washington Office on Latin America 
and the International Human Rights Law 
Group three weeks ago released the 
results of a series of studies undertaken 
in lcaragua during the past six 
months. One lawyer took sworn 
affidavits from over 140 persons, based 
almost exclusively on eyewitness 
testimony. The following excerpts 
should clear up for you what modem 
day "freedom fighters" are all about: 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 5 > 

NEWS EDITOR: SEAN WAGSTAfF ASSOCIATE MEWS EOITOP.: PHL.'KLON . 
CONTIUOUTIMG MEWS EDITOAS: 1I. 't5 Wd:.CJf, AENU 'foIINAIO( 

OPINIONS EOITOP.: MATTHf.'W J. CI\ONlN P£RSP£CTMS EDlTOP.: 0tAISlClPHEI' CNtCU ' 
COPY EDITOR: IN-l HANSEN PHOTO EDlTOP.: POD fNEDENT}W, SPOATS ~ ~Ni05 
ARTS EDITOR: N-l1l\E'W KEELEI\ .. ~~~~ .. ~~.EDI!~ .. ~.~ .......... .. ........ ............... . 
GRAPHIC ARTISTS: JOHN ASH..EE T~ PLONKA 
PHOTOGP.APHElU: JOHN ASHl£E. KEVIN FOLEY. DAWN Ml\MIKUNIAN. ROGE/\ MONROtIW.l A£tMONO. PKH 

PEOAK. N-lDY sorn.EY 
STAfF WRITERS: MAAK O/\EJTEN[)ffiG ETHAN FEEf\ST. JOAN FOI\56E~G, ANOOEA HAf1H()N RONA I-lJ VIIH 

HUTCHINSON CHf\lSTIN '\ KAU5 ROO£l\T LEONE. JEFF fItHlC KalEY NEAL. ~E VQ.JCIN. 
DAWN WAArYN[f\ 

PAST£-UP AATISTS: JO ..... ASHlEE SHARON NOOI. AlUSON PINSKY. DAVID AADDW. S(N.I WAG5TAFF 
TYPESETTERS: KEN AAE J ...... HNlSEN. PHUP ~om. D,.,.,El. THOtMS 
OUSI ... ESS MANAGERS: CHRIS MLXE. SHENDL [)W.OolO 

. 

TIltmday, Apnl 'T, )l}B5 5 

SODle killings by the 'Contras 

Comandante Guenillera ,Dora Maria Tellez 

Comandante Guerrillero Leticia Herrero . 

< CONTINUED FIIOtot PAGE" < 
Item: Noel Benavides HelTadora, a coffee-picker, 

telling of his abduction by the Conbas from a fann 
near the Honduran border, along wilh a married 
couple, prominent church leaders, in December, 1982: 
"Mr. Felipe Barreda and his wife were mady there. 
He was bleeding heavily. He was being beaten and had 
blood an over him. [His wife) waS also being beaten. 
They tied them. I was walking ahead. he was tied 
·behind me, and she was tied further behind. He could 
hardly walk. He kept slipping and falling. And h'ery 
time he feD they struck him and ttuacened to get rid 
of him right there so that he would stop being a 
burden. Then he would kned and ask to be aDowed to 
pray to Our Father. But they just beat him, kicked him. 
slapped him in the face. and cursed him." The 
Barredas were later tonured and killed. 

Item: Doroteo Tinoco Valdivia, !Cstifying about a 
large Contra attack in April, 1984, on his farming 
cooperative, near Yali, Jinotegll: "They had already 
destroyed all that WolS the cooperative: a coffee-drying 
machine. the [WO dormitories for the colIee cutters, the 
electricity generators. seven cows, the plant, the food 
warehouse. There was one boy about 15 ~ars old, who 
was retarded and suffered from epilepsy. We had left 
him in the bomb sheiter. When \VC returned ... we 
saw ... that they had cut his throat. then they cut open 
his stomach and left his intestines hanging Qut on the 
ground like a string." 

Item: Inocente Peralta, a lay pastOr who went out 
looking for victims of another attack on a Jinotega 
cooperative: "We found one of them,.Juan Perez, 
assassinated In the mountains. They had tied his 
hands behind his back. They hung him on a wire 
fence . They opened up his throat and cook out his 
tongue. Another bayonet had gone In through his 
stomach and come out his back. Finally, they cut off 
his testicles. It was horrible to see." 

QultWutlng 
Your 

Time &Moncy 
Our career profi Ie 

testing program will 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
'\!1 CENTeR 

Item: Orlando Wayland , a Miskito teacher who was 
kidnapped by the Comras in December, 1983, and 
force-marched imo Honduras, where he was tonured 
along with eight others: "In the evening,they tied me 
up in the water from seven p .m. umil one a.m. The 
next dlty, at seven a.m., they began to make me coUeet 
garbage in the creek in my underwear. with the cold. I 
was in the creek for four hours .... Then they threw me 
on the amhiU. Tied up , they put me chest down on 
the anthill. The [red) ants bit my body. I squirmed to 
try to get them off my body, but there were too many. I 
was on the anthill ten minutes each day .... They 
would beat me from head to heels .... They would give 
me an injection to calm me a litde. Then they would 
beat me again." 

Item: Myrna Cunningham, a Miskito Indian doclOr, 
describing what happened to her and to a nurse 
following their kidnapping by the Comras, in 
December, 1981 : "During those hours we were raped 
for the first time. While they were raping us , they were 
chanting slogans like "Christ yesterday, Christ today, 
Christ tomorrow ... .' And although we would cry or 
shout, they would hit us , and PUt a knife or a gun to 
our head. This went on for almost two hours." 

And so forth , for over 140 affidavits. 
If you set out (0 learn the true facts of any situation 

with a bit of skepticism to keep you in tow, such 

Doonesbury 
50 /I6I?IBVSI- Me W K/[l{)fN6' 
JI9j HII5 fHII /)NiJi& OUR FliRM 
6lXD 70 YfXJ, Bfa ClJUSIN5, 
I fJI. l£J(£. ? CALlRFNJA FliRM· 
" \ r - CR51i4l-E 8fE.N 
- [ : ") MAKIN' {)!T LIKE- r ~. 1/11N1J175! \ ,N 

, 'l~ 
,-

repugnant analogies wil\ offend your sense of free 
association. Jefferson? Madison? Paine? George and 
Martha? Why President Reagan feels a "moral 
obligation n to stain our history with 
counterrevolutionary comparisons is difficult to follow. 
Unless, of course, he has forgotten the Constitutional 
premises that this country was founded upon, those 
which seek to insure that US citizens can practice any 
type doctrine, ideology or ritual, as long as it does not 
direcdy attempt to subven the state. 

Many governmem officials will have you believe that 
socialism andlor Marxism overtly pledges to destroy 
the present institutions of dTe Western world. Realize , 
though, that doctrinal practices vary widely; 
Nicaraguan culture and society is vastly different from 
that of the Soviets, the EaS( Germans, the Poles, the 
Rumanians and the like. They are not mining our 
harbors, they are not training our former captors to kill 
our children, they are not encouraging our citizens to 
exercise psycholOgical warfare against their neighbors. 
It is we who have invaded their homeland three times. 
It is we who backed their dictators. It is we, as 
reperesemors of the laS( semblence of democratiC, 
historical reality, who can put an end to lip-service 
politics and start giving our sister nations the respect 
they deserve. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

f1U11 

~ I.. . ~ \ ' . t; ':{ I . 
I : I r 

Surprise your family and friends with Easter Baskets 
filled with our yummy delights. 

We feature the finest nu~s ~ fresh roasted daily in our country kitchen, 
as well as the most delICIOUS home-made candies and confections. 

, 

-

Our INnks 10 Souy's Zoo. 

Our Easter selections of pastel truffles, chocolate bunnies & ducks 
and pers6n~lized eggs will delight everyone. Our country-s.tore i sim~ 

Iy bursting at the seams with marvelous, old-fashion country crafts, 
containers, cuddly bunnies and collectables to make Easter somethi,ng 

.. , ." - '1i G very speCial. 
, .. ow In uRl.-etSIly OWIJt> entre 

F.shion V.lley Grossmanl (",Ier lJniwnity Towne ("nlre 
29(HJ978 460-9594 45s-NUTS 



ll<etttt®Jr~ll<etttt<ert'~n~tttt®Jr~llcetttt®rr~n®tt~®Ir~ll®lill®Ir~n®~fr®Jr~llcefrfr®Jr~ll®{'dt®Jr~n®frfr®Jr~ll®frfr<eJr~ll® 
~ceJr$lettersll®ilit®Jr~ll~tttt®Ir~~®lkfr®If~~ ,®fr~®rr~ll®frfr(i;rr~llcefrfr®Jr~~®frtt®Ir~n®fdt®rr~llce;ttfr<eIr~n~frfr® 
If~ll®frfrce;J:r~n®frfr<er~n®tttt®rr~ll®frtt®lr~n~itfr~)f~ ll® it®If~ll®ttfr®If~ ll®frfr®lr~n®frfr®lr~nce{ill®Jr~n®frfr®1r 
Suicide sentiment 
Editor: 

Along with finals comes a rash of low-
. budget skydivers and , even worse , a 

swarm of letters to the editor written by 
the same people who write the little 
sayings on the posters one sees in high 
school counselors' offices. Western 
society seems to have evolved a rather 
aggressive sense of propriety, Allover 
one can find people who, like those 
whose letters grace the pages of the 
Guardian , are prepared to 
magnanimously unburden individuals of 
having to make their own decisions 
regarding their own lives when such 
decisions no longer meet with approval. 
1 would like such people to consider, 
not necessarily adopt, a different 
perspective-mine. 

At least some suicides are trapped in 
a psychological dynamic. Good-natured , 
but clumsy, attempts to "solve their 
problems" merely serve to magnify the 
problem. Suicide notes indicate that 
mo t people go about killing themselves 
after careful thought and preparation, 
People kill themselves for GOOD 
reasons. One must keep this in mind in 
order to have a chance of dealing with 
the kind of person I'm talking about. 
This does not mean, of course , that the 
reasons are valid, JUSt that they are 
good . . 

People don't ordinarily want to kill 

themselves, judging from superfi ial 
observations. 10 develop such a desire 
requires a good deal of misery plus a 
lack of the kind of experience which 
allows one to weather such problems, 
Repeated bad experiences lead one to 
expect such things, and the expectation 
leads to more bad experiences, Thus, 
one eventually believes that life oITers 
more misery than it does joy, and not 
without some accuracy. 

The solution is to short-circuit this 
bad dynamic, This is very difficult 
because it feeds upon itself (an infinite 
loop, for you hackers). Attempts to break 
out of one's tendency to fail, not 
surprisingly, tend to meet with failure . 
As one would expect, this is rather 
depressing, Finally, the only attractive 
option is suicide. With such an outlook, 
who would expect it to lift by telling the 
sufferer: "If life gives you lemons, make 
lemonaid"? Such platitudes can be very 
frustrating because they teU a person 
that he can easily achieve what he so 
desperately wantS without saying how. 
Naturally, each person must discover 
this on his own , usuall}r with great 
difficulty, But the mouthing of platitudes 
to a suicide can seem only like people 
desperately trying to convince 
themselves that their lives really are 
worth livi ng. 

Some can beat this on their own or 
through good psychological counseling 

Family Plann.1ng: 
a choice, a responsibility 

ocmtldelltlal • prot ... ! •• 1 • dorcJabl. 
• nJIJI prepaJlC7"', 
with results while you wait 

• Unplanned. pregna,noyl 
generaJ or 100&1 anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exams 

~ Family Plllnning 
..... Associllles Medical Group 

San DIego 
6495 Alvarado Rd. 
(111)..., .... 

The Difference ... 
, .. between life and death can be the alertness 
and skill of a well-trained lifeguard. 

The City of San Diego has immediate open-
ings for summer employment as Ocean 
and Bay Lifeguards, Starting pay : 
$6.S7/hour. 

Swimming tests will be held on 
March 30, and April 2 and 13. 

FOR MORE INFO CALL 
236-5753 or 236-6400 

(i.e ., with luck), but I doubt that any but 
the most pitifully retarded could beat it 
through the lamentably hollow 
sentiments exhibited in the recent 
letters and commentary. 

Psychological counseling is readily 
available here, as far as 1 know, and few 
people will have the opponunity to try 
to convince a suicide not to try to 
upstage the watermelon drop. 1 don't 
expect to save anyone by 
recommending a change in either of 
these areas, What 1 would like is for 
people to show some of what 1 would 
consider respect for those who se 
killing themselves as the only viable 
alternative to a life of misery. 

Despite people's beliefs, no one can 
say with certainty that these people 
made the wrong decision. Objectively, it 
seems that anyone with no prospeCt of 
a happy life might as well give death a 
try. Naturally, this supposes an accurate 
assessment of the situation. Since the 
assessment defines the situation 
(according to quantum physics), a 
suicide's view is just as valid as 
anyone's, Thus, 1 feel that a suicide is 
unpleasant, but not a horrible, selfish act 
or a stupid , futile gesture. This seems to 
me to be an abusive and even cruel 
view, 1 feel that it is a shame that this 
person's experiences and psychological 
predisposition led him to believe that 
killing himself was his only solution. I 

do no denigrate the individual or his 
memory by insisting that his beliefs 
were wrong and mine are right. That 
strikes me as inconsiderate, even to a 
dead person, In general, 1 would like to 
see people respect others' 
interpretations of reality as being just as 
valid for the other as one's own are for 
one's self, and 1 would like to see people 
helping others with problems by helping 
them to develop their own new outlook, 
riot by insisting that they adopt the 
outlook of someone with completely 
different experiences. 

1 expect that many will take offense at 
this letter, if only because I treat this 
rather ,touchy subject in a way at which 
some people enjoy taking offense, Nease 
realize that 1 do not claim to speak for 
every case, or even for a majority. 1 do 
claim that 1 speak for at least some 
cases, Remember thal what 1 have 
written is opinion, and 1 do not insist 
that it is correct. I put it forth only that 
people will have a chance to read an 
opinion which does not parrot the 
ambient popular opinion. I fed that this 
can help people to develop their own 
opinions from what they feel as 
individuals (whether or not it agrees 
with the popular opinion), rather than 
simply adopting what others spout. Of 
course, this doesn't apply to anyone 
who is not doing this , 

Scot Rhoads 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 
Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg, $25 
Men S10, reg. $19 
For appointment , please call 457·2930. 
8950 VIlla La Jolla Ur., Suite 2120. La Jolla 
(behind EI Torito & l{odeo · directly acros~ the ramp) 

SUI11111Cr Session '85 
( 

May 20-June 14 
Intersession 
June J7_~Ugust 9 
Main Sesswn 
June lO-August 16 
Language Workshops 

0/ ,he summer 
T oblain a free copy .' 1,,/1 in/or-o II . con,allUng J- '. Session Bu e,an, . . call or wrl,e. 

. -- .I an apphcatlon, 
matlon cuw 
SIUfIIIIC' S,..;oll 
22 Wheeler Hall 
UC Berkeley 
Berkeley, CA 94720 

Telephone 
(415) 642-5611 

N~e ----------------­
Address ---:----------

Thu~.Apnt 4.1985 ;r 
NE~ 

• • -..: '~N • ' ,,:06C=; ~.'X:~.'f 

Cover story 

Political progress observed in Nicaragua 
By WAYNE A, CORNELIUS 

The Reagan Aqminisn8tion continues 
to portray Nicaragua as the only Latin 
American nation (other than Cuba) 
which has failed ro make progress 
toward democratic rule during the past 
year, 

That assertion is contradicted by the 
findings of a fact-finding mission 
conducted by the international Latin 
American Studies Association (lASA). 
which visited Nicaragua in late October 
and early November, The diverse group 
of 15 scholars assembled by I.ASA 
conducted an intensive investigation of 
the Nicaraguan electoral process, Our 
findings can be summarized as follows: 

In August, 1980, the Sandinista 
(FSLN) government in Nicaragua 
pledged that elections would take place 
within five years (Le., sometime in 
1985). That timetable was accelerated, 
primarily due ro external pressures. The 
date of Nov, 4, 1984, was selected so 
that Nicaragua would have a legitimate , 
elected government in place before the 
antiCipated re-election of Ronald Reagan 
in the United States on November 6, 
The Sandinistas hoped that a 
competitive election with heavy turnout 
would help to deter a US military 
intervention in Nicaragua, 

The electoral process was marked by 
a high degree of "open-endedness," 
taking the form of continuous 
bargaining between the FSLN and 
opposition groups over e1ecroral rules 
and structures, as well as more general 
aspects of the political system and 
public policies. The record shows that 
both before and during the campaign, 
the Sandinistas made major concessions 
to opposition forces on nearly all points 
of contention. 

The national voter registration effort 
was remarkably successful, especially 
considering that it was conducted under 
wartime conditions. In just four days, 
93.7% of the estimated voting-age 
population was registered . 

The Nicaraguan electoral law of 1984 
provided a broad amy of protections to 
assure fair access, procedural honesty 
and an accurate vote count. The actual 
voting process was meticulously 
designed to minimize the potential for 
abuses, The vote was truly a secret 

On .. Way 
From 

$327 
$399 
$429 
$379 
N/A 
$399 

ballot, and was generally perceived as 
such by voters, We observed no 
evidence of irregularities in the voting 
or vote-counting process, 

Despite effortS by US-backed 
counterrevolutionary groups and several 
non-participating political groups to 
encourage voter abstention, 75% of the 
registered voters cast baUots. Most voters 
interviewed by our delegation and by 
foreign journalists did not feel coerced 
into going to the polls, 

The FSLN won 63% of the total votes 
cast and 67% of the valid votes. Invalid 
ballots comprised only 6.1 % of the total 
votes cast. Twenty-nine percent of the 
valid votes went to three parties 

ideologically and programmatically to 
the right of the FSLN; and another 3.8% 
was divided among three parties 
diSfinctly to the left of the FSLN, The 
opposition parties together took 36.5% 
of the seats in the 96-member National 
Assembly elected on November 4, 
including six seats that will be held by 
their defeated presidential candidates. 
The Sandinista government deliberately 
chose a West European-style 
proportional representation system that 
would maximize representation of 
opposition parties in the national 
legislature, rather than a US-style single-
member district system. 

The range of options available to the 

Round Trip 
From 

$558 
$738 
$738 
$698 
$798 
$738 

Also flights to London, Frankfurt, Gtneva and Nice. 
Our farts include all talles and charges! 

(III COUNCIL TUIfIL • 
452-0630 

in the Student Center 
Cuuncil Travel is the trilVt!l division 0( ClEE. 

............ 

Nicaraguan voter on most issues was 
broad , but it would have been even 
broader if the US government had not 
succeeded in persuading or pressuring 
key opposition leaders to boycott or 
withdraw from the election, We found 
that the behavior of US officials during 
the six months preceding the elections 
was clearly interventionist, apparently 
designed to delegitimize the Nicaraguan 
electoral process by maki ng sure that 
the FSLN had no externally credible 
opposition to run against. 

External critics of the Nicaraguan 
process have argued that because 
legitimate opposition groups (especially 
Arturo Cruz and his Coordinadora 

coalition) were "excluded" from the 
process, the elections were illegitimate 
and uncompetitive. The facts do not 
support this notion of exclusion. No 
major political tendency in Nicaragua 
was denied access to the electoral 
process in 1984. The only parties that 
did nut appear on the ballot were 
absent by their own choice, not because 
of government exclusion. The weight of 
the available evidence suggests that the 
Coordinadora group made a policy 
decision to pursue its political goals in 
1984 outside of the electoral process, 

While all the oppOsition parties 
which chose to run candidates had 

some valid complaints about the 
government's management of the 
electoral campaign, no party was 
prevented from carrying out an active 
campaign. OppOSition parties received 
their legal allotments of campaign funds 
and had regular and substantial access 
to radio and television, The legaUy-
registered opposition parties were able 
to hold the vast majority of their rallies 
unimpeded by pro-FSLN demonstrators 
or by other kinds of government 
interference. Most of the restrictions on 
political activity imposed in March, 
1982, in response to an upsurge in 
counterrevolutionary activities, were 
lifted at the beginning of the electoral 
campaign, and government censorship 
of the press was notably relaxed (though 
not eliminated). 

The FSLN took substantial advantage 
of its incumbent position and, in some 
ways, abused it. However, the abuses of 
incumbency do not appear to have been 
systematic; and neither the nature of the 
abuses (e.g" use of neighborhood-level 
Sandinista Defense Committees to 
distribute FSLN campaign propaganda 
and to mobilize people to attend FSLN 
rallies) nor their frequency was such as 
to cripple the opposition panies' 
campaigns or to cast doubt on the 
fundamental validity of the electoral 
process, Generally speaking, in this 
campaign the FSLN did little more to 
take advantage of its incumbency than 
incumbent panies everywhere (including 
the United States) rountinely do, and 
considerably less than ruling panies in 
other Latin American countries 
traditionally have done. 

Neither did the FSLN use its control 
of mass organizations, the food 
rationing system or police to create a 
generalized climate of fear and 
intimidation, Our delegation interviewed 
some individuals who clearly Jelt 
intimiated by the Sandinista 
government, but we also observed that 
many people in Nicaragua are not 
reluctant to criticize the government, in 
public, and often in the harshest 
possibl,e terms. In this election year, the 
government made little effort to stifle the 
vigorous criticism of its policies and 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 :.. 

Test yourseH. 
Which early pregnancy test is as 

easy to read as red, no-white, yes? 

Which is a simple one-step test? 

Which has a dramatic color change 
to make the results unmistakable? 

Wtiich is 98% accurate, as accurate 
as many hospital and lab tests? 

Which is portable for convenience 
and privacy? 

isnld e la8 nOA 
·lq8J.! aJ,nOA 



8 Thur duy. Al'nl 4. 1985 

.... <!I. :- .~. x .. 'ol •• • •. ~._ • 
\ J 

.Yo·.w ....... ;s~ .. , •... :»,.;*:.. .. .~,.~.:;:::;~ 

Student arrested for "Ugly Paisley Art" 
By LIL YS McCOY. Contnbu/mg News Editor 

LEE ANN OKADA was arrested in connection with the March 11 paisley print redecoration of the 
campus. 

She was arrested as she emerged from 
a final exam on March 19. Okada is 
charged with malicious mischief, petty 
theft (for the misappropriation of I<SDT 
funds) and possession of conrrolled 
substances which police found after 
searching her home, UCSD Police Chief 
John Anderson said. 

Okada, released on $5,500 bail, has 
not commented on the allegations. 

According to Anderson, Okada, a 
philosophy major, allegedly sprayed the 
paisleys on campus "to eliminate the 
drab appearance of the concrete 
buildings on campus" through the 
power of att. 

Okada, a Warren sophomore involved 
with campus radio station KSDT. was 
apprehended after police found a 
reimbursement request she had 
submitted to the station for a $3 paisley 
stencil. The police located the request 
after searching through back receipts at 
various nearby att stores and finally 
came across it at the Cashier's Office, 
Anderson said. 

The eVIdence , accordmg to Anderson. 
was substantiated by at least one 
testimony from an eyewitness who 
idennfied her as one of the attists. 

The police estimate that there were 
between ten and 12 others involved in 
the spray painting of red paisley 
stencils. Okada, however, refused to give 
the names of others Involved. Anderson 

said . 
Thus fa r, two-thirds of the property 

damage that the University suffered has 
been sandblasted at a cost of $5 .800. 
Anderson prediCts that the cost of the 
clean-up could go as high as $8 ,000. 
Anderson added that persons convicted 
of the vandalism will probably be 
required to pay the sum as retribution to 
the University. 

Nicholas Aguilar, an attorney with 
Legal Services, said that the cost of 
restoration is more extensive than what 
any individual will be billed . 

"Engaging in behavior that is contrary 
to a student code of conduct, 
particularly when it results in the 
(destruction of University property) , is 
ultimately a heavy cost to pay for both 
the individual and the other students," 
because of the University funds lost to 
doing repair work and the process of 
disciplinary action , Aguilar said . 

"It's not l'air to impose that kind of a 
burden on other students: he added . 

Regardless of the coutt'S verdict, 
Okada is required to appear before the 
dean of her college and probably a 
judiciary board composed of her peers. 
This is in accordance with Section IX, 
Patt A, Number 1 of the Student 
Conduct Code . 

Dr. Harriet Marsh , the dean o f 
Warren College, said that she has not 
yet requested a meeti ng with Okada. 
The penalties which she could suITer 
range from an oral reprimand to 
expulsIOn. 

'>~CO~NTI~~NU~E=D~O=-N-P~AG-E-Q~> 

on the ca mpus at Urey Lawn - U.C.S.D. 
Mon. April 8 & Tues. April 9 

DON'T MISS THIS EXPERIENCE 
Join u s to cele brate the richness and 

excitement of I ndian culture! 
ENJOY A FEAST OF INDIAN FOOD! 
- FREE vegetarian food served all day - . 

" Enjoy a lunchtime concert of Indian music. " 
Learn how to use yoga and meditation. 
Discover beautiful arts and handicrafts. 

See films and exhibits on Indian philosophy. 
discover the secret of vegetarian cooking. 

A CELEBRATION FOR EVERYONE I 
Sponsored by the San Diego Vedic Society 

for further information call 483-5733 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

~ 
I ~ !.k[)OIri1/~m 
E (i\ &!fou. 

--!'o\u",l1Vor ltd 

7140 Miranlar Rd. San Diego 
,. r-----------------------.... J1 ~r --ALL)AMERI.C~NMEAL ---'r~ 

IIiI,! ~ Quarter I IlunJer ' with Cht't'b~" Lar!,e Fry, iii.[ ~ 
- ~ll·Jium -S i:t' Soft Drink I II (llSh \/il11.I(' I 10,,-,1 I (tnl II 

II I 111111 tl nl. \..tlUp d n pt.1 J $ II II l·u>l,'mn. r~r \1>11 I'll'''''' . US t 1.9911 
II pre,enl lOUp.HI \\ Ill'n llruenng \;lll , .. ,lid with .111) (rlu~ [a",) II 
II lliher " ller Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar RJ . II 
~1 ~~.'~~" .n D;,,., d 

------- ---------~ 

Red PQlsleys were spray painted all over the campus late last quarter. 

Third College 
Graduating Senlon 

REMINDER: 
Graduation Speech Deadline Is 

Friday, April 12 
Speeches 'should be relevant to the occasion 

and, hopefully, embrace the spirit of Third 
College. 

Judging will be by a committee of students 
and staff following auditions, Criteria shall 
include content evaluation and presentation. 

All copies must be typed and submitted to 
the Third College Provost Office by the above 
deadllipe, 

Californian. 

~blon ."/~ cutl (Of' _ 'lJ (reg. $181 
hublon ",/e c.". for _II "0 (reg. S151 

Ojl'«UoIUI penru $1' (rtg. $401 SCI",c1UU ""'b (fu" MIl "" (reg. WJI 
"'nlc"n ~ l'edk"n ''' (~. $181 CeIl",lIIJIIe 115 (fr9. $2'1 

Olle Itow «<,., _ IU (reg. SJjI 
On~ "-r -... ,,_ 11' (reg. ' .HI 

Spec/.,/Ib In bl«lr "'Ir 
A full xnHce »1011 

7608 Until ".su Rd. (('kg COllege Dr. (( I6JI 1~J 
!'lew .MIGn ((ormerl, u JoI/. Cutting CO.l 7J7 ~rl SI .• u JoIu 

fJfj·1t70 •• ,,,,, 
with MI with «IIIC~ 

Nicaragua 
@NT1NUED FROM PAGE 7 ( 
performance that the electoral campaign 
generated. 

The 1984 elections brought about 
significant changes in the Nicaraguan 
political process. In addition to an 
unprecedented relaxation of political 
comrols during the campaign period, 
the Sandinista government committed 
itself to holding regular elections in the 
future . The role of opposition patties-
at least those that chose to panicipate 
in the 1984 elections rather than 
boycOtt them-in the Nicaraguan 
political system was strengthened, 
through their role in the newly-elected 
National Assembly. The Sandinistas do 
not have a two-thirds majority in the 
Assembly, and opposition party 
members have vowed to use this forum 
to challenge FSLN positions on major 
issues like the military draft. Opposition 
leaders will also shape the constitution 
that will be drafted by the National 
Assembly. 

These deve\opments augur well for 
the future of political pluralism in 
Nicaragua. Experts on Nicaragua 
speaking at a recent conference held at 
UCSD pointed out that, despite the 
intense political, military and economic 
pressure on Nicaragua that has been 
applied by the United States 
government since the November 
elections, there is still a strong 
preference among influential Sandinista 
leaders and theoreticians for pluralistic 
political arrangements. 

The lASA delegation concluded that if 
the pressures of a war economy and war 
psychology are relieved , there is a 
reasonable prospect that political 
liberalization will proceed . Despite US 
interference, the elections of Nov. 4, 
1984, were an impressive begfnning. 

Paisley art 
( CONTINUED fROM PAGE 8 " 

The University will most likely charge 
Okada with the violations of Section V, 
Pan A, Numbers 3 and 4, Aguilar said: 

•... violations include the following 
types of misconduct .. (3 .) Theft of, 
conversion of, or damage to or 
destruction of any property of the 
University or property of others while 
on University premises .... (4.) 
Unauthorized entry to or use of 
University propenies, equipment or 
resourc es." 

· One thing is ·c\ear: said Aguilar. 
"The administration is very concerned 
about making students aware that 
defacing University property, although 
the cause may be a good one, is not an 
acceptable form of expression .... Proper 
forms of expression are through the 
media and the ballot box." 

Marsh did not know when the 
judicial board hearings would begin. 

The city will prosecute Okada as a 
criminal, while the University will deal 
with the civil punishment, the 
retribution she will owe, etc., Aguilar 
said . 

Okada has been out on bail since a 
few hours after her arrest. 

According to Anderson, her trial is 
scheduled to begin May I. 

Aguilar does not predict that the 
criminal mal will last more than six 
weeks, although he confirmed that with 
such a complicated case, anything could 
happen. 

This is one of two times in recent 
years that a member or members of the 
UCSD community have expressed their 
opinions by defacing the grounds. 

Wayne A. Cornelius is the Gildred ProJessor 
oj Political Scaence and US-Mexican Relations 
at UCSD, and director oj the Latin American 
Studies Association (LASA). 

Two-and-a-half years ago, a proressor 
painted his political views, out of 
frustration , on the walls of this campus. 
Though the damage then was not as 
extensive, he was required to go th rough 
the criminal and civil hearings of the 
San Diego city coutts and of the 
Academic Senate. Anderson said . 

: 

-

1985 UC San Diego 
Summer Session 

Catalogs 
Are Available 

UC San Diego Summer Session Catalogs are 
available at the Sunvncr SessIon Ofnce, 101 A 

Admlnlstr~ Complex. For further 
l'fttnfOl-rm-llltion or to receive a fru copy of the 

catalog cal .s2-43M. 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by reglst8ted. pro/asslonOl electrOlogists 

WOMENIMEN ~ 
Gentle Treatmenl 
AIr Des«w"lzlng 
• MedIcal Approved 
• Collornla 1Ic:.n1ed 
• Tax Deducllble 
FfiE CONSULTATION 
days-evenlngS-SaturdOY~ 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROlYSIS CLINICS 

LAJOUA 

I ~12G1 
_ YIIo 10 _ DfIoe 
La _ W!age "aI. elF. 

IALIOA PAIIC 

1589-9050 I 
---

...A __ Clr. 

QultW.tlng 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-'7342 

Day or Night 

~ leARNiNG 
~ CeNTeR 

Talk to UCSD's most 
interesting people. 

InteIView the experts, the leaders in their 
fields, the people who really ARE somebody. 
Write NEWS for the Guardian. 

Come to the new writers ' meeting, Friday- at 2:30 at the 
Guardian office, or contact Phil or Sean at 452-6580, 

"New York Style Pizza" ~O~~ 
-1Ilt/IJWi, PIZZ~ot~ 

Free ·Delivery 
_____ • COUPON. - - - - -

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Square 

La Jolla, Califorr.ia 

I with purchase of any large pizza 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 587-0700 

HOURS: Mon- Thurs, 5:00 pm . 10:00 pm : 
Fri-·Sat- Sun 5:00 pm to Midnight I 

6-PACK 
120Z 
Coke 

Diet Coke 
or Tab 

for only 4'K 



The last word 
By YARELI ARIZMENDI 

I T IS 2:30 AM, and my thoughts are In Nicaragua. I meet a man with no legs, a girl 
with no arms and a woman with no 
eyes. 

The same man knows how to smile . 
The girl knows how to laugh. And the 
woman knows how to cry. 

I meet an II-year-old man , a child of 
46 and a woman of 16. 

They are people on the street. People 
unafraid of getting angry at their 
neighbor while embraCing a stranger 
and loving a friend . 

From the air, all one perceives is the 
deep greens contrasting with the black 
earth-paradise undisturbed. The 
mountains- the deceiving trembling 

mountains-seem at peace. 
Arriving at the airport, security and 

bureaucracy begin. The government 
needs dollars; it is mandatory to change 
60 blessed greens into Cordobas. The 
passport check continues. "00 you have 
a return ticket?" I want to say no, but I 
do. The cuStoms declaration is simple , 
"No, no, no, yes. We are brought to 
Hotel Casa Bolonia by official invitation 
from the gove rnment through the ASTC 
(Sandinista Association of Cultural 
Workers) to participate in the first 
Nicaraguan theater festival. 

Later I recall: 
"I tried looking for signs of revolution. 

All was quite normal Amongst aU of our 
suitcases and theatrical cargo was I, 
Sitting on the floor , looking for war and 
finding only the hustle and bustle of 
normal human activity." 

The next day I am awakened by a 
call-no one knows me In Managua, 
and no one from the outside knows 
where I am in Managua. My trained 
paranoia heightens: I think it is the CIA 
reminding me that when I accepted my 
green card I revoked my right to be 
politically active. But it turns out to be 
FranCisco, the customs agent who 
processed my report. "I welcome you 
and the group to Nicaragua. How do 
you like Managua?" He continued , "I 
wonder if I could go see you one of 
these days. But it has to be in the 
mornings, because in the afternoon I 
work in Tour Nica ." Unable to answer 
coherently, I mumble, "[ don 't know my 
schedule yet. " I'm shocked and glad , 
very glad . Conditioned, however, to 
regard outbursts of spontaneous feeling 
or action as suspicious, I return his 
most human remark Wi th an 
uncomfortable silence, a silence I hope 
I'll be able to explain when I see him 
two days from today, in the morning. 

And then there is Santiago, the bus 
driver: living proof of the end to class 
distinctions. A prisoner of my middle-
class background, I cannot help but 
initially see the face of the Mexico City 

chauffeur my parents employed for II 
years. The amazing difference is m'ade 
clear the minute he takes command of 
the vehicle; sparked by someone's 
comment, he initiates an intelligent 
analysis of Nicaragua's foreign policy. 
For a moment I see Carlos' face , back in 
Mexico City, driving an orange VW van, 
taking me to my dance class and my 
sister to gymnastics, aU the while unable 
to comment on Mexico's foreign policy. 

We arrive at what I am sure is the 
only vegetarian restaurant in Nicaragua, 
"Licuados Ananda." The restaurant is 
crowded, and it is lunch hour. In an 
attempt to gather enough chairs, I ask a 
man, "Excuse me, can I borrow your 
chair?" He looks at me funny and says, 

"It's mine as much as it is yours-use 
it." So they've incorporated the concept 
of communiry ownership into the most 
simple processes ' 

Norma, our gUide for the duration of 
the festival, becomes a friend . She is a 
19-year-old woman who is married , has 
twO kids, studies economics, is in a 
theater group , and knows how to 
assemble a rifle. Her only regret is not 
having been old enough to fight in the 
mountains with ht'r other sisters during 
the war for liberation; she was only a 
messenger. When I ask her if she feels 
that the American public does not 
differentiate enough between the people 
and the government of Nicaragua, she 
smiles and replies, "How can they? The 
people are the government." 

Pepe, the 23-year-old man in charge 
of organizing and overseeing the theater 
festival, has gathered us in what once 
was the dining room of the most 
luxurious hotel in Managua, but which, 
having fought an earthquake and a 
revolution , remains in ruins. What once 
was a humongous pool is boarded up 
and serves as an overwhelming stage. 
The art gallery there celebrates young 
Nica anists and resembles an avant-
garde New York City gallery. Paintings 
hang next to holes on the walls. It 
comes to the point where one does not 
know whether a hole is a mirror 
reflecting itself or is another hole 
entirely. All this is in what used to be 
"El Gran Hotel" and is now "Las Ruinas 
del Gran Hotel. " 

The opening meeting begins in the 
dining room. Salvador, Norma's 
husband , conducts the introductions. 
"Teatro de la Esperanza de Estados 
Unidos." That's us. Everyone claps 
fervently, thanking us for our solidarity, 
and we thank them for the opportunity 
to show it. It is then that I meet Siro, 
Siro Molina , the man who dances in his 
wheelchair-no legs, great rhythm. 
When his name is announced, 
Nixta yolero (the theater group he 
founded ) creates an exceptionally loud 

ruckus, by now a distinctive feature of 
the group. Amidst the applause someone 
yells. "Que se pare , que se pare'" ("Stand 
up, stand up' '') to the legless man. 
Worry and disbelief come over me. 
"How rude'" I think. But I'm proven 
wrong when Siro laughs wholeheanedly. 
He knows that, in exchange for his legs, 
the dream of a festival and a crowded 
dining room is a reality. Thank you, 
Siro. 

Walking outSide, I'm confronted with 
the haunted and haunting structure that 
is the National Palace. It seems that my 
ovetworked imagination recreates the 
screams of the millions tortured in the 
basement of this inen building. I hear 
the Guardia's boots and I see Tachito in 
his white uniform with gratuitous 
medals waving to an i"nvisible crowd as 
he ascends the palace's steps. Image 
dissolved-this is Nicaragua Libre. 

The not-surprising news of Reagan's 
re-election is spit OUt by the radio and 
later by the TV. Twenty minutes later, as 
if making sure all of Nicaragua 
understands what the actor's re-election 
means in the overall sCript, comes the 
sound of the spy-plane, the Black Bird , 
breaking the sound barrier, shaking the 
houses and feeding the Nicaraguans an 
unintentional dose of determination. 

I meet Chayo Rosario Murillo, Daniel 
Ortega's wife and, in Western terms, the 
First Lady of Nicaragua. She wears a 
yellow cotton short-sleeved shin, blue 
jeans and cream-colored espadrilles 
while she clowns around , hugs one of 
the security officers, and prepares to 
take a place in the platform from which 
Vice PreSident Sergio Ramirez, 
Comandante Tomas Borge and 
Comandante Jaime Wheelock will later 
deliver their speeches, mandating that 
the coffee-cutting batallions remain in 
Managua given the eminent foreign 
threat. That same night, American 
newspapers prepare to report that 
Nicaragua is planning on invading 
Honduras, all on the basis of the 
mobilization of tanks to the outskirts of 

Managua. 
I see Chayo watching a play,dressed 

in fatigues , feeding a bottle to her baby 
girl- no body guards, just a woman in 
fatigues feeding a bottle to her baby girl. 
Every time I see her, Nancy Reagan's 
imagt' interrupts. It doesn 't click: red 
silk blouse, yellow shon-sleeved cotton 
shirt. 

The five days of tension pass- or 
maybe my anger shadows my fear. And 
there he is, Luis Enrique, my Il -year-
old man. He sells popcorn balls and , 
taking advantage of the crowds the 
theater festival draws, he statlons 
himself among many others at the 
entrance door. He loves Mexico, as do 
many Nicaraguans. He asks for the 

words to the Mexican hymn, and I, not 
having sung the hymn myself in a 
couple 01 years, attempt to write them 
down. We speak a letter which I 
translate into English and at my return 
mail. It says something like this: 

"I had a friend, Mr President. My 
faVOrite friend. But you know what? 
Today I found out someone kiUed 
him-tore his eyes out and shot him. 
The bullet was marked 'USA: they say. I 
wanted to know who did it. They say 
someone named Contra or something 
like that. I was very, very angry with 
him. When I asked where he was, they 
told me to talk to his boss-Ronnie. 
That's your first name, Mr. President." 

While we speak he goes through my 
bag and finds a perfume, "L'aire du 
temps: He wants to keep it because it 
reminds him of me and JUSt because it 
smells nice. 

What of the day I hold the AKA rifle 
in my hands? 

EI Chino- Efren-acting as a tour 
gUide for the hacienda/ collective 
Nixtayolero had just bought, takes me to 
his room to show me his treasure, his 
books. My eyes fall upon the rifle , the 
AKA, that hangs behind the door. EI 
Chino lives with this rifle , as do most 
people, but I, who live with books, am 
transfixed by the rifle , the bullets, the 
fatigues and the reality. "The 
government proVides us with them," 
says Chino. It is clear that the 
government not only trusts its people 
but in a funny manner is at their 
mercy-one false step and boom. 

And so go my . thoughts, traveling 
through faces and places. Bringing 
me ... 

"Back to the country of Sergio 
Valente 

pretty lights 
perfected runways 
and defective people. 

Back in the country of hot showers 
vegetarian food 
cholesterol awareness 

the Surgeon General 
and rotting governments." 

The country where there are no people 
on the streets because they are in their 
individual pieces of tin speeding down 
Highway 5, where people are so afraid 
to get angry at their neighbors for fear 
that they will shoot them in the middle 
of the night, never embracing a stranger 
since the day Mama said, "Oon't talk to 
strangers," and being so scared of loving 
a friend because he or she just might 
love you back . .. What then? 

TodQy at " am, as my thoughts return to 
this high-tech wonderland, I address an 
envelope to my jamlly-cartJul as 1 pen out 
the last words: NicaraglUl Libre. IZiJ 

, 

thQ wrltgr's ft 

Blah-blah-blah-blahs 
By PHIL lAUDER 

N o OFFENSE, but it's 890 outside right now, and I'd rather be doing a lot of things other than 
writing my column. 

Not that I don't enjoy writing this 
thing, because I do. Really. I do. No, 
reaUy. It's JUSt that I'd enjoy it a lot more 
if I could take the terminal I'm writing 
on and haul it to the beach. I'd need a 
helluva long extension cord, though. I'd 
probably get sand between the keys, 
anyway. 

I JUSt don't feel like Sitting inside this 
cardboard-and-celophane shack any 
more than I have to. In fact, I don't feel 
like doing much of anything right now. 

Thursday, Apnl 4, 1985 11 

weather is nice-very nice. It's crystal 
clear and sunny and very warm outSide, 
and you gotta love it. Second, the 
weather is nice-real nice. Prime 
Tanning Hours=-PTH to those in the 
know-are anywhere from 10 to 5 lately. 
Third , it's the first week of school, and 
we all know that it really doesn't matter 
if you study or not. You're going to be 
behind by the end of the second week 
regardless of what you do, so you might 
as well sun yourself now and not worry 
your .pretty little head over it. 

I don't feel like standing in lines at the 
Cashier's Office, I don't feel like 
responding to the threats on the wall 
outsidt' the Registrar's ("Pay Now or Pay 
Way More Later"), I don't feel like 
spending $103.50 for two AMES books , I 
don't feel like opening the books once 
I've bough t them, I don't feel Ii ke 
attending class, I don't feel like going to 
work, I don't feel like nuthin. Except 
one thing: lying in the sun and loafing. 
Not just ordinary, every-day-of-the-week 
loafing, either. I'm talking about serious 
loafing. Strip down to the bare 

US Blahs de Spring. 

And fourth , and perhaps most 
important of all, it seems like just a 
week ago that we got through with 
finals , doesn't it? Wonder why. When 
will the gods understand that one week 
is not enough recovery time? I've 
mentioned this in earlier columns, so I 
won't dwell on this fact , but dammit 
man , something'S got to be done. Finals 
are like a marathon; after running 26 
miles and 365 yards, our calves and feet 
and thighs and ankles and buttocks and 
elbows ache like hell, and we simply 
can't start running lOKs a week later, 
you get my drift? Analogies-I love 'em. 

minimum in clothing, throv.;: the towel 
on the grass or on the sand, and get on 
with it. This is college. We do things in 
a serious way. 

Somehow I get the feeling I'm not the 
only one who has this hazy-Iazy-days-
of-spring fever. Not by a longshot. 

Everywhere I go I see people either 
ambling around in a daze or zonked OUt 
on the grass. And because I've been 
locked inside this room for the last hour 
or so, I haven't been able to go to the 
Shores and view the thousands of 
serious students who also have whatever 
I have, but who are dealing with it in a 
much more rational and profeSSional 
manner. 

I noticed a definite emptiness in my 

A.S. Progra~ming 
Campus Program Board 

and CalPIRG 
Present 

RALPH NADER 

at 
Revelle Plaza 

Tuesday, March 9, Noon 

Listen to the leader 
of Consumer Awareness 

classes over the last few days. Geez, 
what could that mean? Some profs have 
it figured out; in fact, some of them are 
lying on the beach with the rest of the 
world, tanning their bods and saying to 
hell with the world. Others are more 
serious and appear quite confused by 
the over-attendance of empty seats. 
Must be flu season, they think. 

This particular outbreak of spring 
blahs has several causes. First, the 

The blahs have been around in years 
past, too; there have been sunny first 
weeks of spring quarter before. But this 
year the feeling seems to be more 
pervasive. It's an epidemiC of major 
proponions. And there is no vaccine. 
We must let the disease run its course. 

And have a good time in the process. 
What a shame. E:J 

"Set SaN" -'One _ open to ucso IIudenIt and hc:CaId IIOIdeII at the cSIIcounI 
prQ (II'" price tIMeS). Alt aINrI ~ the lull amount (MCOncS price tIMeS). To IIgn up lor 
.". or _ .-.ton. IImpty drop ~ the 0IIIce 01 Campuallecreallon Ioc:aIed aI the 

~ AIIIIeIIcI • hc:reatton bullcllng on Old Mllamal 1Iooc:I. For CIdcIIttOllat 
InIormotIon, catl 462~7. 

UlLIOAT HANDlING • IUMANlHtP 
AA introductory course designed to CCll/6f the basics of seamanship including 
sailboat vocabulary. principles of soil ing. rules of the rood, ports of a boat, 
requirements fOf safety. ernetgency procedures and just the basic In's aj1d out·s of 
Iorge boat soiling. 

Tuesday A(>r. 16-May 21 7-9pm $20/35 
Instructor: Don Raidt 

COASTAL NAWMTION 
ThiS course considers the methods by which a vessel is conducted along the cants 
and in and out of bays and harbors. Topics covered include: chart projections. 
chart scoles, chart symbOls. systems of bouyoge, lights. signals, navigational 
instruments. the compass and compass corrections. dead reckoning. soundings. 
tides and C'Jrrents. bearings and calculations fOf set and drift. 

Monday April 15-June 3 7-9pm $31/46 
Instructor: Don Raidt 

ClUIIING UNDllIAIL 
Designed to give the advanced soilOf the porctlcal and reol experience of on 
ocean cruise. A Iw'c>doy cruise to the Coronado Islands will be port of this COU!S8 
with the pre-trip pIoming and post trip maintenance responsibilities also assumed 
by closs rnembefs. During this cruise most ot the aspects ot handling a big boat 
under soli will be explored, Eoch session is limited to six students. 
SESSION I 

PTe-trip discussion 
Set Soli 

SESSION II 
pre·tip discussion 
Set Soli 

SESSION III 
PTe-trip discussion 
Set Soil 

COSI >!) rev ,SlrOIIOf' 
With lood. gas and 
Olher np expenses to 
be Shored by the 
soiling group 

April 17. 7-9 pm 
April 27-28 

May 8. 7-9 pm 
May 18-19 

May 22. 7-9 pm 
June 1·2 



E FS ~ ~1\""'-:" -
A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego 

EARL I 
WARREN 
COLLEGE 
·"'ft.,oroquooe 101IUf¥..a1O~~ 
..,,...._.........,.InO ............ 

EARl. DOES THE WEEKEND 

IT'S MY WEEKEND. 
COME DO IT WITH ME! 

COME CELEBRATE OUR NAMESAKE'S BIRTHDAY. 
THE PARTY BEGINS THURSDAY, APRIL 11 

AND FINISHES MONDAY, APRIL 15. 

YOU'1f INVITED TO: 
EARL PIAl'S GAMES, a gameboard night with your faVOrite games in the Warren 
Apanmenl Commons on Thursday. April 11 from 6 pm on to ? 
EARL'S EVENING. our big, Big, Big, BIG BIRTHDAY patty at the Warren 
Apanment Commons on Friday, April 12.Join us fora B-B-Q (use your meal card or 
pay $2.00, a paltry sum indeed for chicken, corn-on-the-cob, salads. beans, and a 
drink). FREE ice cream and cake. Clowns, music by The Eleventh Hour and by 
Tony TorTeS, prizes. danCing, and a cast of thousands. Prizes for commuters, 
residents, and Warren faculry/ staff. Dinner served from 4:30 pm [06:30 (Warren 
Cafeteria wiD be closed). Entenainment begins at 6 and the drawings at 7:00 (you 
must be there [0 win). First 50 commuters eat. free of charge. 
EARL GOES TO THE PARK, A trip to Balboa Park. Tourthe park on Sarurday, April 
13 from 10-4. See museums, the zoo, and enJoy a picnic (remember [0 bring your 
own lunch, we'll supply free Coca-Cola). Free rides for first 20. All panicipants 
meet in front of Warren Provost'S Office at 9:30 (late arrivals see map on the 
Provost's Office door). 
On ~ril14. EARL GOES TO THE MOVIES. See On the Waterfront and To Kill a 
MocRingbird in the Warren Apartment Commons. Also included will be the San 
Diego Padres 1984 Highlights film. Free. Sunday, 6-10:30. 
FinaUy, on Monday, April IS , EARL GOES TO THE BAllGAME. Yes, the first 
home game for the National League Champion San Diego Padres. Includes a 
tailgate party before the game, begins 5:00 in parking section D-l at the Stadium. 
These activities are sponsored by the Warren Resident Dean's Office and the 
Warren RAs, Warren Student Activities Office, Warren Dean's Office, Warren 
College Student Government, Warren College Commuter Intern, Warren Provost's 
Office, and the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of San Diego which is providing 
FREE Coca-Cola for all the events. 

I.e:; v l '''' 0" 

For more information call the Warren Student Activities Orfice at 452-6171. 

Warren on Wheels 
Welcome back from Spring break. The events for this quarter will be fun and 
exciting. Many new events. as well as some old ones, are planned . This Saturday, 
April 6 , we are having an All Campus Commuter party of the Pub , from 9-1 am. 
There will be a $1 cover charge. Tickets are available at the box office. All on 
campus students are Invlted 100 MUSIC entertainment will be provided by "THE 
STANDARD". Hope 10 see you there . 
The follOWing week we will celebrate "Earl Warren BmhdayCelebranon" week. See 
the ads "Earl does the Weekend" for complete details. You should nOle (hat on 
Friday, April 12, dUring the dinner celebr.' · lon , the first 50 commuters 10 sIgn up 
get dinner FREEl 
Remember that on Tuesday, April 23 , we Will once again have our Commuter 
Breakfast with the Warren College taff. This quaner we are featuring some new 
guest chefs. The breakfast Will be held at the International Center from 7:30-900 
am wllh $1 donanon Please sign up a( (he Warren Dean's office. 
Other happening, that you can sign up for now are the commuter Intr.llTIural teams 
In volleyball , softball , and Innenube w.lterpolo All teams are to-ed . 
My office hours for thIS quarter are Tuesdays and Thursdays. from 8:00-11.30 am. 
Also. applications are out for next year's Commute r Intern at the tudent 
Em ployment office . Well , until next time, good luck In bUying your books. p.lylng 
your fees and hope to see you at our evem. for April. 

Joey T,e 
Commuter Inlt~ rn 

SIXTH ANNUAL 
EARl. WARREN MEMORIAL SYMPOSIUM 

.----toptr witll tilt San Diqo County &r Assodadon--........ 
presents 

"UBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL" 

Ramsey Clark 
Fonner US Attorney General 

"Individual Rights: Achievements and ChaUenges" 
Monday, April 29, at 2:30 pm in Peterson HaD 110 

Reception Immediately FollOWing 

CAPITOL PUNISHMENT SYMPOSIUM 
Film, Panel Discussion, Moot Coun 

Dr. Peter Irons, Dr. Tracey Suong, and Dr. David Phillips of the UCSD faculty wilt 
join with representatives of the District Attorney'S Office, Defenders Program of 
San Diego, Inc. and the San Diego Police Depanment in an in-depth examination 
of the death penahy. Is it justified? Is it fair? Is it effective? 

Thursday, May 2, 9:00 am-3:00 pm 
Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Ans 

HARD CASES: EQUALllY FOR WOMEN 
A Panel Discusssion and Audience Dialogue 

Led by Dr. Barbara Winters 
Fonner UCSD Associate Professor of Philosophy and 

Dr. Kristin Luker . 
UCSD Associate Professor of Sociology 

Monday, April 29, at 7:00 pm 
Peterson Hall 103 

TOWN COUNCIL MEETING 
SEARCH AND SBZURE: WHAT ARE STIJDENTS' RIGHTS? 

Discuss this issue with Alex Landon 
(Executive Director of Defender's Program), 

Michael Carlton 
(San Diego District Attorney's Office 

and a representative of the San Diego Police Department. 
Wednesday, May I, at 7:00 pm 
. Warren Apanment Commons 

There is no charge to UCSD faculty. srudents. and staff. For more information 
please phone 452-4355. 

WARREN COMMUTER INTERNSHIP 

Students can apply for the 1985-86 Warren Dean's Commuter Intern position. 
Work 10-12 paid hours per week. Develop College events for Off Campus students; 
edit Commuter Handbook and more. Hard work and lot's of fun! Pick uprefeJTalat 
the Student Employment Office. 

APPUCATION DEADUNE: FRIDAY APRIL 19. 
For more infonnation call Joey Tse at 452-473l. 

CONGRATULATIONS! 
We are pleased to announce 

(he New 1985 Warren College 
ORIENTATION LEADERS!! 

Please join us in giving them 
a heatty welcome!!! 

BRIAN BAUMAN ANGELA KNOX 
MICHELE BITIO REGINALD MATHES 

NICHOLAS BUCUR RUTH SAUCEDO 
KEN FRANKEL SLOAN TURNER 
PAMELA FRUGE TRACY UNO 

ARLINE FUENTES ROBERT WARD 
MIClIELE HOPKINS ERIK WIBERG 

GERALD YO PUR 

I' 

Crews in Jor a Classic weekend 

Row your boat 
By ALICIA AGOS, Sports EdllOr 

T HIS SATURDAY'S San Diego Crew Classic is c hock full of ralent and prestige. UCSD's men's and 
women's teams, which number near 90, 
will compete against the Ivy League likes 
of Harvard , Yale, Radcliff and a slew of 
others. Men's novice coach Dave 
Weiderspahn predicts "a very high level 
of competition . Harvard won the 
National Championship laSt year." The 
Triton boats, always the contenders, 
have an excellent chance to make the 
finals. 

Around 25,000 sun-worshipping, 
crew-loving people are expected to flock 
to the southwest corner of Mission Bay, 
Bahia Penn insula. 

Sarurday is shaping up to be a 
successful day for UCSD. Always a 
contender, the openweight women won 
the Crew Classic last year, earning their 
lane-one position in this year's Whittier 
Cup. The heavyweight men led the Cal 
Cup final last year for 1800 meters of 
the 2000-meter (1 .24-mile) race, only to 
be edged OUt by cwo boats at the finish . 
The lightweights have a promising boat 
this year, coming to the Classic 

undefeated in four previous races. They 
will be facing last yea r's national 
lightweight champions, Yale. in their 
heat. The freshmen are three for four 
and ~ould provide some excitement. 
They have a good chance to make the 
final, in which case they would 
undoubtedly face some crewe; With 
experienced high school rowers. 

Some of the squads to be watched 
will be UC Berkeley, the Dirty Dozen 
Rowing Club (ex-rugby players who 
decided two years ago they could put 
together a fast boat and give some of 
the best boats in the country a good 
race-and they did), Harvard , Orange 
Coast College, San Diego State (the 
fastest team in San Diego last year), 
University of British Columbia, UCLA, 
UC Santa Barbara. USD, Washington 
University (an exceptionally fast team). 
University of Wisconsin and the ever-
impressive Yale. 

Action gets underway very early (6 
am), and will continue until around 3 
pm. UCSD is slated to compete in eight 
of a total of 41 races. ~ 

UCSD's soJtball team was running ragged contending With a Bay Area road trip over 
the spnng break. 

Churning things up at Mission Bay this Saturday will be more than 35 rowin..: teams. 

Softball's spring stress 

No rest for the weary 
By TAWNYA KEEDY 

W HEN MURPHY'S LAW goes into effect (anything that can go wrong will go wrong), it 
makes six innings on the softball 
diamond seem like an entire day. But it 
was not one particular day the Triton 
softball team was worried about. As 
UCSD emptied its student body to the 
faraway beaches of Mazadan and down 
the slopes at Tahoe for spring break, the 
softball team headed nonh to the Bay 
Area for a week of fine-tuning its play. 
Instead, the group was confronted with 
a storm, three rained-out games, several 
ensuing head colds, a three-hour 
transportation delay due to a snapped 
fan belt, and, most devastating of all-
the loss of its number one pitcher. 

Barring these mishaps, coach Colleen 
Wight emphaSized, -The trip was 
wonhwhile and brought the team a lot 
closer." She conceded this was a large 
reason for scheduling sevt:n games 
during the break, but the necessary 
tune-up and rust prevention will help 
for the second half of tile season. 
Making the most of this northern 
excursion were the players who pulled 
together the loose ends and won three 
of four. Day one began with Leslie 
Meyer firing a 3-1 vic tory over CSU 
Stanislaus. The Triton squad stretched 
its five hits i mo three runs. with Patry 
Campbell and Julie Burns both going 
rwo-for-three at the plate. Later on in 
the day. CSU Sranislaus salvaged a 1-0 
game as the gold and blue bats went 
silent. The low-scoring game did force a 
defensive nOle of optimism-an 
errorless performance. 

Later in the week, UCSD went head-
to-head with Division I Santa Clara 
University and at the same !lme had to 
overcome the loss of M . Meyer (the 
leading pitcher in overall record). 
Taking matters into their own hands 
were shortstop Pam mer Hardaway, twO-
for-four wllh a triple; outfielder Barbara 
Arnold and secondbaseman Kim 
Ostrowski. each pounding OUt a double; 

and Campbell, allowing just one run 
during her six-inning stint on the 
rubber. Chalk up a 4-1 win for the 
Tritons . 

The rwin bill remained very much in 
question when pitching duties were 
assigned to Charissa Hammet, who had 
nOl underhanded a softball once this 
year. She came to life after her long 
hiatus from the mound and went 
beyond the distance on into (he eighth 
inning before Sanra Clara was finally 
stopped for an 8-6 UCSD win. The 
offense backed up the pitching and 
accumulated eight hlls. with Hardaway 
blazing the base paths as a three-for-five 
hitter. 

The team was forced to call it a day 
and a week after the final out. Both 
Saint Mary's College and College of 
Notre Dame canceled their games on 
account of rain . with no rescheduling in 
sight. The over-vacation victories 
brought the Tritons' record to 12-8 and 
earned them a national ranking, 13th in 
Division Ill. 

Looking beyond (he happy ending to 
spring break's dismal beginning, coach 
Wight sees many more obstacles to 
overcome. UCSD's conference is 
deadlocked, with every team splitting 
doubleheaders with one another. 
Therefore, sweeps are imperative during 
the second half of the season. The 
ballclub began the second half effectively 
by trounCing the "rebuilding" team from 
Christ College, 8-2 and 13-0. Today's 
match-up on Warren Field at 2 pm will 
be a better test of character when UCSD 
meets Division I Loyola College. And 
before anyone on the team has a chance 
to casually oil her mitt and catch a few 
rays on the practice field , Buena Vista 
College and Chapman roll into town on 
Saturday for games at 10 am and 2 pm. 
respectively. against the Tritons. 
Chapman, a Division II team ranked 
fifth in the nation, will also play Buena 
Vista, last year's Division m champion, 
at 12 noon. Ii:] .. 



.. 

Wamling up 
By MATI ADAMS 

SPRING QUARTER AT UCSD. We all shed our v.inter wardrobe, take our white skin down to the beach, 
enroll In the eaSIest classes we can find 
and dust off our softball gloves. No 
intramural spon is as popular as softball ; 
it is easily the largest 1M SpOrt. 

1M softball cza r Scott Berndes (sort of 
the Peter Ueberroth of UCSD) explains 
softball's populamy: "Everyone can 
panicipate . In football , some people shy 
away because of the contact involved. In 
basketball, not having the skill to play 
keeps some people on the sidelines 
watching. With softball, there is (usually) 

no contact and skill levels are provided 
for all . If you enjoy a fun afternoon in 
the sun, there is no reason not to play. 
The spon is laid back and Just fun ; with 
our climate , 11 is a natural." 

The sIze of the 1M softball program is 
staggering. Three hund red leams will 
participate, with an equal number of 
men's and coed teams. The UCSD 
program is larger than all but one or two 
Other similar programs in California. 
!3erndes continued, "UC D students love 
to panicipate. What's more fun on a 
sunny Sunday afternoon than booting 
grounders, poping out to the catcher 

Tom Jones (oj SWAMP Jame) gets some pre·season battmg practice. 

Warren College 
Stu -lent Government 

ELECTIONS 

-Positions A"ailable-
PRESIDENT 

VICE-PRESIDENT EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 
VICE-PRESIDENT INTERNAL AFFAIRS 

SECRETARY 
TREASURER 

2 EXECUTIVE COMMITIEE MEMBERS 
-COMMISSIONERS-
COMMUTER AFFAIRS 
RESIDENTIAL AFFAIRS 

APPOINTMENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

PUBLICA TIONS & COMMUNICATIONS 
CAMPUS COALITION FOR CULTURAL 

CONCERNS (4C) CHAIR 
PARLIAMENT ARlAN 

JUDICIAL BOARD MEMBERS , 

Applications available until 
NOON, MONDAY, APRIL 8 

at the WARREN DEAN'S OFFICE 

-ELECTIONS-
TUESDA Y, APRIL 9 

WEDNESDA Y, APRIL 10 

Rich Frey takes the pitcher'S mound in one oj the mosl popular eM sports, 

and gelling thrown out at first by the 
left fielder?" 

How does a program of this size run 
so smoothl}'1 "We have to make a big 
commitment in order to keep everything 
in line. All kidding aside, myself, Mike 
Hipp, our sports assistants, referees and 
everyone else involved all work hard to 
maintain a quality 1M program." Action 
begins next week. 

Another popular spring 1M sport is 
coed volleyball . One hundred twenty 
teams will compete in three different 
levels of competition. Men and women 
from the varsity intercollegiate teams will 
bring their high caliber play to the open 
level. Intermediate players will play at 
the "AA" level and beginners at the "A" 
level. Action will take place evety night 
of the week except Friday and Saturday. 
The volleyball program is the only 1M 
sport that receives outside support, Ford 
sponsors the program and provides, 
among Other things, shirts and balls for 
the winning teams. 

What participants caU one of the 
most fun sports offered by the 1M 
Department, coed innertube waterpolo is 
also offered this quarter. Sixty teams will 
take to the pool starting next 
Wednesday, They will be vying for 
championships in three different levels. 
Other sports available this spring 
include coed badminton and men's and 
women's ultimate disk. 

SpeCial events are already off to a 
great start. Saturday, March 23, a very 
successful alumni sports festival was 
held . Alumni teams gathered for 
competinon in softball and innertube 
waterpolo, which were followed. by a 
barbecue of swordfish and filet mignon . 

The next upcoming event was met 
with unprecedented popularity. Padre 
opening night tickets sold OUt in 30 
minutes. 

Some of the other events thIS quarter 
are the popular collegiate Over-The-Line 
Tournament. racquetball doubles tourney 
and the Sun God Festival. "l 

IYAGOTTA 
BELl II" •• If you believe in aU the things that make this 

country great 
baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, late-night Mexican food runs, 
scantily clad bodies lying on the beach, leaping over tall 
buildings in a Single bound , the UCSD Guardian, and a 
host of others 

then you may qualify for the most glorious position on campus: 
UCSD Guardian staff writer. 

~o~e by ~he Guardian on Friday aftemoon and attend one of our 
wnters meetings fo~ any of the sections-Opinions, 2:00; News, 2:30; 
Arts, 3:00; Perspectives, 3:30; Spons, 4:00; or for general info, 4:30. 

IF YOU HAVE 
Ideal, suggeltlons, 

hot news tips, food, etc. 

LET US KNOW!! 
The Guardla~ is your student newspaper, 

and we want your Input. Drop by and talk to us 
(we're located next to the Che Cafe) or give us a call 
at 452-3468. Then see your ideas put into action', Or 
at least see your food consumed, 

. To Phil 'Flip' Willon: 
Friends, fellow jour-

nalists and naked movie 
stars wanted to wish you a 

HAPPY 
21st 

BIRTHDAY 
-but they didn't, 

so we had to! 

. Charting 
a course 
By lAUREL DEAN 

vessel is conducted along the coasts and in 
and out of bays and harbors. Topics to be 
covered include: chart projections. chart 
scales, chart symbols, systems of buoyage, 
lights, signals, navigational instruments, 
dead reckoning. soundings, tides and 
currents and much more. This course will 
meet on Mondays ApriI15-June3 from 7-9 
pm. 

... 

It·s time to set sail arid experience the 
thrill of sailing on the high seas via the big 
boats. Campus Recreation and the 
California Universities Sailing Institute 
presents Sail: San Diego, a comprehensive 
big boat sailing program that will give 
UCSD srudents. faculry and staff the 
chance to explore every level of big boat 
sailing from novice to advanced competi-
tive sailing. 

For the inexperienced or novice 
sailor there is Sailboat Handling and 
Seamanship, an introductory course 
designed to cover the basics of big boat 
sailing including vocabulary, principles of 
sailing. rules of the road, pans of a boat, 
safety requirements and just the in's and 
out's of large boat sailing. This course will 
get underway from April16-May 21 on 
Tuesday from 7-9 pm, 

For the more experienced sailor, we will 
be offering Coastal Navigation, a course 
which handles the methods by which a 

And finally, there are a number of 
Cruising Under Sail courses designed to 
give sailors the practical and real 
experience of an ocean cruise. Two-day 
cruises to the Coronado Islands and a 
three.day cruise to Catalina are planned. 
Three of the five cruising sessions are 
already filled. so sign up now while 
space remains, 

Sail: San Diego is a young program 
JUSt staning to grow at UCSD and has 
the potential to give UCSD and the 
community one of the most 
comprehensive sailing programs both 
instructionally and competitively in big 
boat sailing as can be found anywhere 
in Southern California, 

To sign up for classes drop by 
Campus Recreation, Monday-Friday 
from 8 am-5 pm, For further 
inCorrnation. or to be put on the Sail: 
San Diego mailing list, contact Laurel at 
452-4037. 

, 

BE PUBLISHED 

Undergraduates In all fields can have their 
papers published in PHllOI (UCSO's Undergraduate 
Philosphy Journal), . Submit three (3) copies of your 
paper(s) With a 5epelRite title page to Gale Vigliotti in Hl 
3112 by April 15th, 1985 (Lt" Monday, 3rd week). New 
efforts ex previously graded papers are acceptable. CASH 
PRIZES III 

," 

Don't just sit there!! 

Get involved TODAY'with 
~ Associated Students Internship Office 

--STAFF ORIENTATION--
Thursday, April 4th at 7pm at ASIO Office 

2nd Aoor of Student Center I above the Game Room. 

For more info, caD 452-4689 or sto b our office. 

riursday. April 4. 1985 15 

You want to write what? 
SPORTS? 

For the Guardian? 
Do it Call 452-6580 and ask for Alicia, 
and come to the new writers' meeting 

Friday at 4 at the Guardian office. 

(1\ B~~~!W ll~ 
BEtWEEN 1-5 A/',IO MISSION BAY DRIVE. AT GARNET 

A IlAND NEW 16 ROOM HOTEL 
5 MINUTES FROM UCSO. SEA WORLD & THE ZOO 

aMlOO or 1-1OO-623-3CM1 

r----------~----------l 
I $45 ROOMS WITH COUPON I 
I (REG, $55 AND UP) I 
: UMIT 2 PERSONS PER ROOM : 
I RAlE APPLIES SUNDAY THRU THURSDAY I 
l-:----------COlPONo----------1 

R. Mitchel Beaucharnp Is the 
Principal Consulting Botanist & 
Hortcu1turlst with Pad8c Bioloilcal 
Services, Inc., with 20 years 
experience In botanical work world-
wide, 

Local botanlst. Mitchel 
Beauchamp, wtD return 
to teach this fUn and 
Informatfw workshop. 
Join him on a fteld trip to 
explore the many 
wildflowers in San 
Diego. Eqfoy the spring 
beauty of these flowa'S 
and learn to identIfY 
them, as well as other 

, ... 11<"- local tiara. 



• 

CIa.1fIed acNertIsing space Is sold In 
100-ch.r.cter Increments. Each 
Ieaer, pu'KIUIItIon martc .nd space 
between words Is considered • 
ch.r.cter, With c.plUI letters 
counting u two cMraCllen. The rate 
Is $I per 100 cNlraaers for students 
...-Id 53 per 100 cNtraaers for non-
students. You must come by the offtce 
or mall In )4OUr ad, u we require 
pIIyment In adwtnce of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesct.y for 
Thursc:t.ys p"per, 5 pm FrtcYy for 
Mond.y' s p.per. For more 
Information all 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, H16, La JoI .. , CA 
92093. 

DON'T BE A ZONKERI Work on your 
career instead of }Uur tan this summer. 
Arrange an internship in San Diego, 
Washington D.c.. Sacramento or 
perhaps in your own hometown. Eam 4-
12 academic credits while }Uu get 
practical experience in your field . Apply 
nowl Academic Internship Program WC 
406 x4355. {4/81 

Therapy group beginning: Mira Mesa 7-
9 PM Wednesdays. Diane Murray M.A. 
695-0565. {4/41 
PARTYlI April 4th. Come to the ZBTtable 
in Revelle Plaza this week for infol (4/4) 

KB Books at Great Earth Vitamins in 
Ralph 's Shopping Center, open 12 to 4 
Mon-Sat for first 2 weeks of qtr. Call us 
any time at 452-8350 for book info & 
delivery. We have books at 10% below 
bookstore price for classes in AMES, Bio. 
Chem, Econ, EECS. Math. Philosophy. 
Physics, and Psych classes. {4/81 

ITS HAPPENINGI Yes, LITTLE SISTERS 
are RUSHING zan Get in on the 
excitementl This week-Revelle Plaza. 
{4/11/ 
Get irwolved with a worthy causeiASID-
students helping students get ahead. 
Staff orientation tonite at 7pm in ASia 
Office. above Game Room in Student 
Center. Or call 452-4689. (4/4) 
Thinking about doing an internship this 
summer? ASIO Internship Info Nite 
Tues. 4/9 at 7pm in ASIO Office. above 
Game Room in Student Center. Or call 
452-4689. {4/81 
Come hear Political Science Professor 
Sanford Lakotf talk about Star Wars. the 
Strategic Defense Initiative. This Friday. 
from noon to 1:30, in the new Warren 
College Apartments Commons. Make 
this first Warren College Friday Faculty-
Student Hour a success. For more info, 
call 452-3068. (4/4) 

Black students needed for research 
study on college experience---4/lO & 
4/17. HSSI106--4-7pm only I hr. & 15 
min. of your time. Refreshments will be 
served. Contact Temille Porter 452-
3035. {4/81 

Start your career now. Eam money and 
work on Fortune 500 (.c1mpanies· 
marketing programs on campus. Part-
time {flexible 1 hours each work. We give 
references. Call 1-800-243-6679. {4/111 

Want to make money while you are out 
of town this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thforeof to responsible 
law s~ts 'Nho will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins & McMahon .in 
San Diego. Please call lucy Fred~ick at 
291-3003, e~nsion 270, for further 
information. (4/4) 

\t1olin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. He~n 
Martin. 457-()671. (6/6) 

KB Books has t~xtbooks at 10% ~Iow 
bookstor~ pric~ for 75 plus classes, 
ma}t>e yoursl AMES. Bio, Chern, Econ, 
EECS, Math, Philosophy, Physics & 
PSych. We're by Ralphs at Great Earth 
Vitamins and 452-8350. (4/8) 

Subletting }Uur apartment this summer7 
Local law firm seeking summer housing 
for law students. CaU 699-2745 with 
details. {4/41 

Wanted: Need roommate to sha~ a 
place over summer. Am currently 
enrolled in school and have place to stay 
until June. If}Uu think)Ou m;ght I'ftd a 
roommate this summer or ~ any 
suggestions call 452-5528 {home 
usually late evenings I. Ask for Angie. 
{4/41 

Female to share room in beautiful condo. 
4 min. from UCSD. Washer, dryer. pool. 
S220 & 1/4 uti/. Melanie, Kathy, L.eann, 
450-1254. (4/81 

Room available in Pacific Beach home. 
Looking for quiet considerate male non-
smoker. S250 plus 1/3 util. S50 ~posit. 
Call Paul or Dave 274-0287 after 4. (4/8) 

Room for rent in luxurious La Jolla 
condo. Fumished, wid, pool, near 
UCSD. Extras. S500 & SO. 455-6046. 
{4/221 

PlHHtUIIIIIII 
Econ major to assist med student in 
design of model of health & 
development in LDCs. Call Dave 453-
1955. {4/41 

Parttime evenings, telephone surve)Ors 
tor local newspaper needed 
immediately. S5/hr. Fun and easy. Great 
for busy students. 755-7742 Christine. 
{4/41 

Wanted-Responsible driver to deliver 
air-cond. car. Toronto. Ontario, Canada. 
May-June 1985. 571-1943. {4/111 

Male nonsmokers want.ed tor 
experiment on visual perception. $20 for 
3 hours. Sharon at 276-7961. (4/4) 

HOW WOULD YOU UKE TO BE PAID 
TO STUDY? If you are a good re~ 
enrolled in Comm20 or Cl20 and would 
like S4 .OO/hr. to read }Uur texts onto 
tape call Richat455-97164 details. {4/41 

Subjects needed for perc~ption 
experiment. Must have good ¥Sight 
and be a native English speaker. Pay is 
five dollars. Call 453-4100 ext. 548 
between 10 and 2. {4/41 

Marketing : Unique and exciting 
opportunity available for students on a 
part-time basis near campus. Excellent 
training, experience. and pay. Contact 
the Placement Office or call collect 818-
350-5345. {4/81 

Wanted . Camp counselor-North 
County Branch Jev.tish Community 
Center. Pam 944-0640. {4/81 

.8tM!fijlll 
Top Dra\Ner Secretarial reports, resumes . 
Manuscripts. Stud~nt rat~s. Word 
processing. Diane 481-4160. (6/6) 

A Plus Typing/Word Processing-
theses, papers, resumes, ~. Fast, 
reasonable, professional. in SOSU area. 
...oan 287-3199. {4/41 

TVPING/\XfORD PROCESSING: many 
type styles to choose from, spelling and 
puncuation errors corrected, pick-up 
and del~ry, quality IMJrk, FASTIII 
S2/page {double spaedl. Call Interactive 
Micro Systms at 452-9949. {6/61 

THE COCONUT BROS APRIL WE. 
Power antema and install ONlYS49.95. 
O:>ne while )Ou're in class. call 452-
9318. {4/41 

Mobile Mechanic. Low student rates. 
call Rick 753-6100. {4/41 

THE COCONUT BROS. Mobile Auto 
Tune-Ups. Installations and Minor 
Repair. SPRING SPECIAl. ~ your car 
TUNED, N.c. Installed, or repaired whil~ 
you are in classl FREE 10 pt. sa~ ck. 
Complete tune-up and oil change. 4 cyf.-
S45.95; 6 cyI.-S47.95; 8 cyI.-S49.95. 
"Damnl I just paid sao for my Tune Up." 
Heidi-Mlir S~. FREE ESTIMATES 
452-9318. {4/41 

Resumes/CVs. All professions. The Job 
Tailors, 2120 Jimy [)urate. Del Mar. 755-
8188. Student Disc. (4/111 

Native German tutor for co~rsatlon. 
Flex. hrs. Call Paul 298-0350 or 294-
8524. (4/4) 

1&IIIMElllJ 
Talking Parrot for sale. Amazon w/cage, 
S250. Call 453-1993. (4/4) 

Twin bed for sale. S60. call Grant 457-
2493. (4/4) 

1979 Ford Mustang, xlnt cond, 
inside/out 6 cyl/auto, AC, PS. PS, AM-
FM cass st~~. S3795 obo. 436-2600. 
(4/81 

TRS-80 Model 4 {64K. dual drive), Daisy 
\XIheel 1/ Prlrur with cable, Superscripslt 
Word Processing program, line filter, 
and 20 blank disks; al for S2,000. S86-
0168 {Mira Mesa). (4/4) 

Hap~ Birthday to Paulo from Brazil. 
Finally a true man I Seu ilmao e amigo 
Sempre, Dana. {4/41 

Relax-Rush Phi Delt-\Xhlen you want 
to ... come to our table for more infol Rush 
begins ~ril I. {4/41 

The Delta Sigma Phi fratemity is rushing 
this quarter. Stop by our rush table on 
Revelle Plaza to get a copy of our rush 
events. (4/41 

us. Robert Baizer---O'lalr. us. Erich 
Drotleff--A&E. us. Parenthesis (PO) 
Devers-Frog. us. Robert Logan-
Comm Board. us. Meredth Ader-PR. 
US. ~ Into US" (4/8) 

\A)te US for MCCI{4/8) 

Parties a~ a must at the beginning of the 
qua~r. ~ are better than others 
5O ... Go to the Good Onesl April 4th is 
the night. ZBT has the info. ~lIe Plaza 
this \Neek. (4/4) 

Good frlerldships, coomunity servic~, 
sports and lots of fun I ZBT -Co~ ~k 
it outl This week-RNeIl~ Plaza. (4/4) 

Hi Heather ....... Thanks for everything I 
Have a greaaat we8. See ya soonl/l Your 
Rasebuddy. (4/4) 

Get into US/I (4/8) 

FUFILJ. YOUR DESIRESI ~ more out of 
your UCSO SOCIAl UFE, ~ into the 
ZBT UTTlE SISTER program. Come to the 
ZBT booth at the RNeIl~ Plaza this week. 
(4/1I) 

SCAMPI, Happy Bunny Day to the one 
with the cut~st cottontalll 
Mushroomman (a Uttle ~arty but heyl) 
(4/4) 

Phil Delta Theta-A step above the r~tl 
COIT'Ie to our table at Revelle Plaza for 
more Info. (4/4) 

ASIa Internship Info Nice. Tues. 4/9 at 
7pm in ASlO Ofc., above ~ Room in 
Student Ctr. Or x4689. (4/8) 

Coming soon: The 3rd T~ter Totter 
Marathon l1<E MS Fundrai~r. Plaza ~xt 
week-See you ~. (4/4J 

Sharolyn-/nitiation is soon--enjoy the 
next two \Ne8s1 I was glad to be }Uur 
Rose ElJddy. Alpha Love 7(4/4) 

Phi Delta Theta -The WIld Nobility. 
Rush begins April 1. See us at the Plaza 
for more info. {4/41 

~ irM)/ved with ASlO this quarterl 
Staff orientation: Tonite at 7pm, ASlO 
Ofc. 2nd A., Stdt. Ctr. (4/4) 

StInky, Bu~, & Party-First the liquor 
stor~ then we \Ne~ on our way. Su1 and 
Barleys-\Xihat more could \Ne ask for7 
What a blast with the best bunch of 
partying peoplel Thanks I ~, .Jerky and 
Punchy. (4/4) 

Muir needs Us. Vote for USI (4/8) 

LDst: hand-print~ silk scarf with red 
bord~r, t~nth we~k last quarter, 
probably at Muir. It's o~f-a-kind and I 
Io\Ie it ~arly so p~a~ plea~ r~tum it to 
the Student Cerlter or call 454-7283. 
14/81 

Black furry eyeglass case. Lost last 
quarter. \Xhloever called--pl~ase call 
back & pl~ase Ie~ your number. 481-
6746 Sharon. Reward. (4/81 

Navy bI~, boiled \tWOI s\Neacer/coat 
with siiver buttons. souvenir of trip to 
~rmany: sentimerttal val~-reward. 
LDst at Student Health Center. Arline 
Paam. 755-7788 or SHC.{4/4) 



An Arts Mo . gazlne SeNing the U 
Vol. 9, No.1 CSD Community 

April 4, 1985 

- . 
• • __ .•• _ '1: 

0,1\ 17 iesto, 
ot ~bat ,?1'\e tit'\~ btea~' 
aiel 01'\ b\S S\, 



-- -
Editor 

ANDREW KEELER 

AsliOCiate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributina Editors 
ETHAN FEERST, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU, 

JAMt;S RALPH I'~' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN, RODDY 
BOUAWA, ANDREA 

HARMON, KRISTIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC, JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER, 

RUGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Advertiaina: "52-3466 

Hiatus IS published every 
Thursday uf the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reprodu.:t-ion 
or use without wri tten 
pe rmission o( any portion of 
this magazme is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited I"tters, 
manuscriptS, 3nd artwork, but 
assume no responsibility lor 
the return o( SUch. ScnJ 
m(ormation to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La Jollu, CA. 92093 

Contents 
Cover: If this is spring 
break, then this must be 
Mexico. The party never 
ends south of the border and 
we have pictures to prove it. 
See Rich Pecjak's pictorial 
report on his "experience" 
in Ensenada. See page 4. 

Free Jazz ........ .. pale 3 
The University Events 

Office presents The Fents, a 
new jazz group, for free on 
Friday on campus. 

The Del.Lord8 ..... pale 3 
The new group with the old 

sound is coming to the Spirit 
tomorrow night and you'll 
want to know what they have 
to say. 

Goinl8 on page 7 

UCSD THEATRE presents 

Japan's Sutuki Company of Toga 
ACCLAIMED AT THE 1984 LA ARTS OLYMPICS 

HTHE TROJAN WOMEN" 

"One of the single greaten nights in 
the whoLe sweep of worLd theatre, an 
experience of shaaeri ng impact. 

. , The Boston Globe 

TWO NIGHT ONLY 
PREMIERE EVENT 

APRIL 5 & 6 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 
Call now - 452--4574 
Tickets are selling rapidly 

Presented in cooperatio n with the San D iego Public Theatre. 

2 Hianu April 4, 1985 

Hiatus says 

Congratulations to 
David A. Ikenberry 

for winning the grand prize in the Hiatus 
"Stop Making Sense" contest. 

Also winning prizes were runner upe: 
Allun Whitsett, Ken Redler, Ilene Hatch and 

Karl Baumlartner. 
QuatiONI 
1. Where does the tide for the movie Stop Making SL'I'I5e come from? 
2. Who wrote "Take Me to the River?" 
3. What member of the Talking Heads was born in Coronado? 
4. Where did David, Chris and Tina meet each other? (Hint: it's a school.) 
5. Who has produced all ot the Talking Heads albums since More Songs 
About Buildings and Food.? 
6. When they made their debut in 1975 at CBGBs, what group did the 
Talking Heads open for? 
7. What was the name of Jerry Harrison's solo album? 
8. What group did Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth form in 1981? 
9. From what song does the lyric " I'm an ordinary guy" come from? 
to. What song features a character named Mojique? 

Answer., 
1) From the song "Girlfriend is Better." 2) AI Green and M . Hodges 3) 
Tina Weymouth 4) Rhode I.land School of Design 5) Brian Eno and 
Talking Heads 6) The Ramones 7) The Red &. The Black 8) The Tom 
Tom Club 9) "Burning Down the House" 10) "Listening Wind" 

See ttStop Making Sense" 
at the Guild Theater 

UC SAN DIEGO UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE PRESENTS 

APRIL 12 • FRIDAY • UCSOMANDEVlLLlAUDITORIUM • 8:00 PM. 
GAS9.00 • UCSDFACULTY&STAfFS7.00 • STUDENTS 55.00 

TICKETRON & useD BOX OFFICE: .. 52· .. 559 

The Fents ' 
will go 
over here 

If you don't aet a chance to see The 
Yellowjackets this weekend at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art, 
and that would be a big miss, you 
should not pass up Friday's free 
concert by The Fents. 

Sponsored by the University 
Events Office, the performance will 
begin at <4 pm on the Urey Lawn and 
features the up and coming jazz/rock 
quartet. The Fents have just released 
their debut First Offense on the 
obscure Not Yachting label and have 
been steadfastly touring to promote 
the record. 

Good Jcaa: u lwani Co beat, apedaUy wilen it u on Fridely, for free and fe4hnU The Fma. 

Yesterday's music by today's band tOll1orro~ 
"Some folks are born 
Made to WClW tIae flag 

The,'re red, white and blue 
But when the band plays 

'Hail to the Chief 
The, point the cannon at you" 
("Fortunate Son," by John F'!gerty) 
By ROCKIN' RICHARD 
"I didn't think I was going to 

create any new horizons in music," 
says Scott Kempner. "I just wanted 
to play rock and roll. I thought the 
best thing to do was to express 
myself." 

Kempner, formc;r Dictator and 
presently head Del-Lord, has already 
expressed himself quite well on 

-')(,/1"'1' hll/II,., /1/11(''' I" (" ·illk. 
/1'1 /1/1 ' d,.i,v': 

·X" b,,/III dri'l 'N "'II m l'llll i /I/(': 

IJRN(ING AND DRIVWG 
CANKI1A~ 

r---------------I \iI 
What is a 

Wonder beef.? 
Tender SlOpS o( beef SImmered 
In deliCIOUS sukiyakI style sauce 
served with plump steaming riCI' 

In a bowl. 
• DELICIOUS. FAST. 

• SUBSTANTIAL. 

Why not try our 
Japanese Wonder beef? 

$1.95 
Free soft drink 

with Ihl!> loupl)n un III -l Ii 85 

Wondcrbee' 
cu"". • chicken, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

4127 Unlvcrslt)' • ,\11 d -<.. I t)' PIJl.1 II 
56)·05·\4 

L _______________ I 

Frontier Days, the Del-Lords' debut 
album. The group-guitarists 
Kempner and Eric Ambel, bassist 
Manny Caiati and drummer Frank 
Funaro, all of whom sing lead 
vocals-plays what their leader calls 
"non-bullshit music." 

"All the music we listen to is like 
that, (rom Sprinll8teen back down to 
Woody Guthrie, the Beach Boys 
over to Husker Du.lt's soul music. It 
speaks about real thinll8 and still 
manages to be fun and entertaining. " 

The Del-Lords, who will be 
playing at the Spirit tomorrow night, 
have a '50s-rock base, but they draw 
from many types of basic American 
music. Not only that, but they also 

strive to represent basic American 
values. Kempner is a great believer in 
the American Dream, which he 
thinks has gotten a bad rapJately. 

"I feel it's sort of been robbed or 
cheated out of us by the current 
administration. The way they tallc 
about it is not the way I've always 
pictured it, not the way I've always 
imagined America. I don't go for the 
triclcle-down stuff. Like Springsteen 
says over and over again, for 90% of 
the people. it ain't gonna reach 'em 
in time." 

Unlike Springsteen, Kempner 
views America not from New Jersey 
but New York City. Many of the 
Del-Lords' songs reflect his urban 

environment ("The reason I write 
about New York is I feel like I know 
it so well that I can make it more 
universal"), and all are close to the 
heart. 

"To me, they're alllilce my kids or 
something. A song isn't something I 
sit and try to construct out of the air. 
It's already there and it's my job to 
bring it into the world, to give birth 
to it. Some of them are better than 
others, I'm sure. Some kids tum out 
rotten and some songs tum out 
rotten." 

As anyone who has heard the Del-
Lords would agree, Kempner's 
songs-and the band 's music-are 
anything but rotten. 

woldng For Some Excitement In Your Lift? 
Try An Urban Studits 

And Planning Course 

Opm For EnroDment 
To All Stucltnas, Spring 1985 

USP 12 INTRODUCTION TO URBAN PlANNING: An introduction to the 
field of city planning with an emphasis on the design of cities, housing, 
land use , transportation and other functional aspects of city 
organization. Slide shows and discussion of the San Diego-Tijuana 
region enhance lectures. Tues.-Thurs. 2:30-3:50 (Herzog) TlH 107. 

USP 117 TECHNOLOGY AND OnES: An introduction to the economic and 
technological problems associated with the provision of crucial urban 
~ervices , including energy, water, transportation. MWF (Stem) 10:00-10:50. 

USP 118 POVERTY IN URBAN AMERICA: Investigation, through lectures and 
discussion of the primary causes of poverty in urban America, the 
social, psychological and political consequences for society, and 
attempts to alleviate poveny during the past half century. WF 11 :30-
12:50 (Gay) TCHB 141. 

USP 146 

USP l~H 

USP IH 

CASE STUDIES IN HEALTH CARE: Discussion and lectures on the 
incidence of diseases and health problems for selected urban 
population groups, and the political and legislative measures needed to 
prOVide care. Tues.-Thurs. 11:30-12:50 (Brody) MCC 124. 
SOCIAL-PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF BLACK lDENT11Y: An 
examination of Afro-American culture and the social conditions that 
foster personality formation. Tues.· Thurs. lO:OO- I 1: 20 (Thomas} Hl 
1148. 
URBAN DESIGN: This course will stress the elements of urban design 
as understood within (he architecture profession. Students will do 
structural design exercises, us ing the San Diego region as a laboratory, 
to learn the principles of an urban design plan, and the forces at work in 
shaping an Diego's future design . Thurs 10:00-1:00 (Maninez) TCHB 
141. 

April 4 , 1985 HiahU 3 



,. 

KIFM &. UCSD University Events Office 

W Welcome YNTON 
MARSALIS 
QUINTET 

April 23, Tuesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $15.00, UCSD 51. $10.00 
Limousines courtesy of Luxury Limoulinel Limited 
-==;;;a;:;;;;;;a;:;;;(J')T1~fmON' & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559_Ei!!5l~ 
.. Hiaau April 4, 1985 

r------ UCSD University EvenlS Office presents -------. 

KURT VONNEGUT 
April 24, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 

UCSD Triton Gym 
Students $5.00, G.A. $8 .00 

UCSD Fac/ StafT/ Sr.Cit. $ 7 .00 
L...-_____ ~~. & U D 80. Otricc -+52 ·4559 _____ -J 

La Ba:rnba! 
her Rich . 

hotOgrap 
,vT e sent P . onment to £. 
VY • k n aSS1" 01 peqa 0 pture Some Ensenhada\oct~\c~u\ture an~ the 

t e ded up 1n 
...nehow he en os Cantina. 

so .. • Husson" infamous see are the 
What yoU misspent 
pictures °la f the border 

vacation ~u .\\~. But as they 
in Margafltap V1 nue No1 

say 1 or ~ 

Study Medicine 
in ISRAEL 
Touro College will prepare you to 
earn an M.D. in Israel from one of 
the world's great universities -
Technlon-/sraelln,tltute of Technology 

Touro College, through its Center for Biomedical Education, 
and /he Technion Faculty of Medicine, offer an intensive 
program leading to the M.D. degree. "you 1118 a qualified 
student who has completed /he traditional pre-mad 
requirements, you may receive a "'second baccalaureate 
degree from Touro, and an M.D. from the Technion, after a 
total of four yeatS plus cne year of advanced clinical rotations 
in Israel. 

Initially, you'" spend 18 months at the beautiful Huntington, 
Long Island, New YorlI campus of Touro College. Courses 
include advanced sa.nces end inlensi"ellAldy of H«New. 

Fol/owi'?f} successful completion of /he Touro phase, you 
become eMgjble. for ednnced standing at the Technion 
Feculty 01 MedIcine In IareeI, where you wm HlJIIIy /he 
32 months of study at medical school required for licensure 
in the United States. You must successfully complete a 
bridging program, to be eccepted for clinical studies, ltIen 
submit a thesis end take advanced rotations before 
receiving /he M.D. degree. 

Applications 1118 now being accepted lor /he third entering 
class. For applications end information caN or write: 

Cantarfor 
BIOMEDICAL· 
EDUCATION 

Office of Admissions. TOURO COLLEGE 
30 West 44th Street, New York, NY 10036. (212) 575-0190 

An AIIIrmIIIiw .Ac:IIonIEqwl 0pp0r1lM1lly _ 

• Do )OU like to exchange new ideas! • Like to compere? 
• Want to expand your knowledge? • Enjoy trawl? 

Join the newly formed Speech and Debate Team 
Chris Ribeiro. M.A., Director 

Weekly meetings plus weekend competition in 
• persuasion. informative speaking. prose 

• communication anaylsis. oral interpretation 
• debate • ~try, and much more. 

First meeting Wtdntsday, April 3, 5:30 pm, Uni\lersity &knSion 140 

MAKE KINKO'S 
YOUR BINDING CONTACT 

Organize reports, presentations, manuscripts, manuals 
and more. Add the pro_sional touch with special 
bindings at Klnko's. 

-VELO 

457-3775 

-SPIRAL 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Near Ralphs a Sav-On) 

April 4, 1985 Hum.. .5 

'-



1985 .. 86 
ON CAMPUS HOUSING FOR UNDERGRADUATES 

PLANS FOR SPRING QUARTER ROOM LOTTERIES ARE NOW BEING MADE 
DEADLINES ARE IMPORTANT; FOLLOW THEM CAREFULLY! 

FOR DETAILS 
COLLEGE APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE APPLICATION DEADLINE CALL 

MUIR AT THE MUIR RESIDENCE HALLS OFFICE ~ pm, Monday, April 8 452-~200 
Monday, April 1 

INFORMATION SESSION: WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3,8 PM, MUIR CAFETERIA 

REVELLE AT THE REVELLE RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE W~neaday, April 17 ~52-3025 
Monday, April 1 

THiRD AT THE THIRD RESIDENT DEAN'S OFACE Friday, April 12 452-~340 
Monday, March 18 

WARREN AT THE WARREN RESIDENT DEAN'S OFACE 10 pm, Wednesday, April 24 452-4581 
Thursday, April 4 

INFORMATION SESSIONS: MONDAY, APRIL 8; THURSDAY, APRIL 11 &. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17 
8 pm, WARREN RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE 

6 HUitw April 4 , 1985 

, 

__ ------22~ y.r-------. 
GUADALAJARA SUMMER 

PROGRAM 
Uniwr.u, of San Diqo 

}tmC 28-A." ... 2, 1985 
eou ... fully Iccredilltd by W .. em 

AuocIllion of Schook and u.u.e 
(W ASCI. Spanilh IIft~ al aUlewIo, 
BI-lin ... 1 and Spcial Educallon, An, 
Folk Dlnc~, Llteralure, Folklor~, 
Hiotory, SocialOlY, Gullil', Political 

Sclenc~, PaycholOlY, Croea-Culturll 
Sludi... T"lIiOft : $430 (or 8 
und.rpaJulle credit., $470 (or 8 
paduale credill. Room Ind boud wllh I 
Mnlcan Hoot family : $450, Apan ..... " 
and Hotel fIl .. from SJOO prr month. 

Univeniry of Sen 01..., .a.o hu • .-
procnm for 1ft M."" In Spaniah. 
Scudenl. may ell'ft credill lOWIrd lhe 
depce by a""nJl... lhe a-IoIojan 
Su_ Propllft. 

In(ormillon: Prof. O . L. Oddo, 
Univeniry of San DioF, Alcala M, Sen 
DIqo. CA 9?' 10 

LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSE 
Phone saleS agents needed 

Durante's 

e will train 
e must be 

ilticulate 
& irtemted in 
theIIter 

eexcellert 
commissionS 
& cash bonuses 
e20-~ Mj ..... 

"It' •• 
grat 

1C8IOI1". 

cAMSTERDAM 
(\l LONDON 
. LONDON ...... '649 

NON·!l'TOI' 147 
AMSTERDAM ... '675" 

[)I_ECT OC ·l~ 
Into LONDON 
<lui of~ •• '700 
Into AMS'I'ERDAM, MOO 
Oul o( LONDON •••• - , 

....... ,"""- u "h """iwr n( Ew ... ~ 
.. r"'"1IIt ./ """" .... 1!~ii9 

EURAB.PASS \11\~a 
___ dv.-- '\0 
BIUJ'RAIL PASS 

i....I_dv~ 

XEROX 
2A HR. 7 DAY O· 

FREE • COLLAnNG • PAIIIONG 
• PICKUP/DElIVERY 

(willi minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6th Ave., SD. 

231·1676 

-

Goings on 
This Friday and Saturday, for 

these two nights only, the UCSD 
Theatre presents the world-
renowned Japanese troupe, The 
Suzuki Company, under the 
direction of Tadashi Suzuki, in a 
modernized version ofEuripide's 
Greek classic, The Trojan 
Women. The critical reviews and 
resulting acclaim are such to 
make even the non-theatergoer 
see this performance, Tickets for 
this special limited performance 
are available at the Mandell 
Weiss Theater's tidcetofAce. For 
more information, call 452-
4574. 

* * * As part of the San Diego 
Symphony Orchestra's April 
concert line-up, you can get out 
of the dorm, house or condo and 
catch Gregory Allen featured in 
Rachmaninov's "Piano Concer-
to No.3" as well as ligeti's 
"Ramifications" and Dvorak's 
"Serenade in D Minor." Ticket 
information for this performance 
can be reached by calling the 
Symphony office at 699-4200 or 
the 24-hour recorded line, 28-
MUSIC. 

* * * 

The work of three San Diego 
filmmakers and two San Diego 
fashion designers will be 
presented in Film Shorts and 
Fashion Performances, a special 
program this Saturday at 7:30 
pm at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. The Alms 
being exhibited are: UCSD 
graduate Beth Accomando's 
Writer's Notebook, Kevin 
Morrisey's GatelLe Atelier, and 
none other than Babette 
Mangolte's There? Where? along 
with the fashion design work of 
Carol Vidstrand and Margaret 
Honda. 

* * * The new Erich von Stroheim 
AIm series at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
continues Wednesday, April 10 
with a screening of the 1933 
silent film, Hello Sister, in the 
Museum's Sherwood Auditor-
ium at 7:30. The film was 
originally titled Walking Down 
Broadway and stars James Dunn, 
Zasu Pins and Boots Mallory in 
the major roles. Ticlcets for this 
and any other screening can be 
found at 454-0267. 

• * * 

AS PROGRAMMING 

Also this Wednesday is the other or themsleves, you may 
very special, zany, fun, exciting, know as a couplc of those older 
etc., etc., antics of THE. Yes, and usually smarter people who 
THE. And you can pronounce it give you homework and 
either way, as far as I know, no assignments, but when they are 
matter which part of the country lliE, they (or is it THEM in the 
you are from. Harkins and collective conjugation?), lliEY 
Larson, or THE as they are incredibly magical. The show 
sometimes collectively call each is only $1 if you're a student, so I 

might as well try not to describe 
lliE (THEM?) with the usual 
adjectives and reviewers' 
rhetoric. Just go see them. Or 
lliE. Just don't miss THEM 
(lliE?). For more information 
you didn't get here, call 452-
3229. 

Please Yourself! 
Write for Hiatus Now! 

It is only natural to want to contribute your skills to UCSD's weekly 
arts and entertainment magaVne. If you hatJe UfTitten a ton or none at 
all, we tvant you. Write about television, movies, literature, dance, 
books, music, art or dietetic vegetable dishes. Don't ask what Hiatus 

can do for you but what you can do for Hiatus. Call 452-6580. 
New Writers Meeting 

Friday, April 5 at 3 pm at our office. 

The SOVIET CINEMA 
I ~,,: 

----------------Aprilll-----------------
DON-QUIXOTE 
(Mig~l CeTrontes) 
1957 Color 110 minutes 

----------------ApriI18-----------------
SHOOTING PARTY 

(Anton Chekluw)_ 
1977 Color 105 minutes 

-------.------------~ay2------------------­
POTEMKIN 

and 
SERGI EISENSTEIN 

1925 B/W 67 minutes 1958 B/W 50 minutes 

------------------ May 9------------------
BALLAD OF A SOLDIER 

(GTigori Chukrai) 
19<)0 B/ W B9 minutes 

------------------MayI6------------------
CRIME AND PUNISHMENT 

(Fyodor Dostoy(Wski) 
1970 B/W 220 minutes In Cinemascope 

ALL FILMS 
7:00 pm TLH 104 FREE 

-------------------ApriI5 & 6-----------
THE TROJAN WOMEN 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
8:00 pm 

$17.00/ $8.00 ST 
"One of the single greatest nights 

in the whole sweep of world theatre, 
an evenl of extraordinary impact . . . .. 

(Boston Globe, rC)84 L.A. Arts Olympics) 

---------------April 18----------------
CABARET NIGHT AT THE PUB 

The Pub 
Free 

------------May 1-5 & 9-12----------------
HEAT · 

Directed by Regents' Lecturer Robert Woodruff 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

8:00 pm /7:00 pm Sunday 
$,5 - $8 

M.!lY 8-11 
ANGEL CITy fry Sam Shepard 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3 .00 

-"--------------------May 22-25--------------------
MUD fry Maria Irene Fornes 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3.00 

------------------May 30-June 2-------------------
UNDERGRADUATE THEATRE FESTIVAL 

UCSD THEATRE $.99 al the door 
(Times TBA) 

CALL 452-4574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 
Ticlcm a""ilable at Wei.u Center Ticket Office 

and Vniwr.ity Ewnu &x Office. 

April 4, 1985 HiahU 7 



--SAMPLE BALLOT-SPRING ELECTION 1985--
~ __________ ~ANDIDAT~ ____________ ~ 
ASUCSD CANDIDATES 1985 - 1986 
POSITION 
PRE IDE T 

v.P. ADMI 1 TRATION 
.P. EXTERNAL AFFAIR 

.P. FI ANClAL 

COMMI lONER OF 
PUBUC RELATI 
COMMI 10 ER OF 
COMMU lCATION 

COMMI lONER F 
PR GRAMMING 

OMMI I ER OF 

NAME 
Mary Ro e Ale ander 
Harry nyder 
Ariel Anguiano 
Greg Arnold 
Donald Wight 
Michael Fause(( 
Jill Ufschiz 

Barbara Higgins 

Mi hael Fahlbu h 
Byron Morton 

John Aliano 
Jo hua Beckman 

ACADEMIC AFFAIR Peter Kim 
COMMI 10 ER OF OPERATION, 

ERVlCE &: ENTERPRl E Marie teckbauer 
COMMI 10 ER/CHAIRPE 
OF THE U, tIV. E 'TER BOARD Robert Lewi 

SLATE 
RSVP 

one of the above 

RSVP 
RSVP 

one of the above 
one of the above 

RSVP 

RVP 

RSVP 

RSVP 

RSVP 

RSVP 

RSVP 

(The .thow Ii -t ha no connection with how the name Will appear on the 
hallot Regl trar of Varer . will determine the order of how the names Will 
appear on the hallor . .) 

SENATOR CANDIDATES 1985 
POSITION 
WARREN COLLEGE: 

OPH MORE: 

JUNIOR: 
ENIOR: 

MUIR COLLEGE: 
OPHOMORE: 

JUNIOR: 
ENIOR: 

REVELLE COLLEGE 
OPHOMORE: 

JU lOR: 

E lOR: 

THIRD COLLEGE 
OPHOMORE 

JU lOR: 
E lOR: 

NAME 

David Manheim 
Hayley sneiderman 
Scott Pickett 
Brad silen 
John Ri ley 

David Sheldon 
Dan Gradwohl 
Greg M Cambridge 
Jennifer Bain 
Greg MacCrone 

Mary Anne Arabia 
ean Kenefick 

David Fortuin 
Deborah Ann imon 

al Yeas 

Eric Weiss 
Larry Gilbert 
Fil Buenviaje 
Robert Rios 

1986 
SLATE 

RSVP 
RSVP 
RSVP 

RSVP 
RSVP 

RSVP 
3 Revelle 
Reps. 
RSVP 
3 Revelle 
Rep . 
3 Revelle 
Rep . 

RSVP 

RVP 
RSVP 

FERENDUM QUESTION--.&--_ _ _ -----I 
REFERENDUM QUESTION # 1 
a)The As ociated Students Activity Fee is the funding source that supports student programs, activities and 
ervi es. The present fee of $8.00 has not been changed in 4 (four) years to accommodate growth and inflation. 

Do you support a $4.00 activity fee increase with the following per quarter per student constitutional lock-ins? 
KSDT ......................... . . . .............. . . . ... .. .. $l.10 
STUDENT SERVICES ........................ ... ..... .. ..... 1.40 
ALTERNATIVE MEDIA ...................................... l.50 

TOTAL INCREASE $4.00 
I support a $4.00 activity fee increase __ 
I do not support a $4.00 activity fee increase __ 

b) The UC student lobby, supported through fee monies, lobbies the State Legislature, the UC Regents and the UC 
Administration for student's rights and needs. The lobby has been effective in maintaining a minimum fee level. 

Do you support a $1.00 activity fee increase per quarter per student constitutionally locked in for the UC 
Student Lobby? 
I support a $l.00 activity fee increase for the lobby __ 
I do not support a $1.00 activity fee increase for the lobby __ 

c) The four college councils (Muir, Revelle , Third, and Warren) provide programs and deal with issues on the 
college level. Presently they are funded by vending machine revenues. 

Do you support a $0.50 activity fee increase per quarter per student as college council constitutional lock-in? 
I do support a $0.50 activity fee increase for college councils __ 
I do not support a W.50 activity fee increase for college councils. __ 

REFERENDUM QUESTION #2 
Do you support ending the use of Studennegistration fees for the purpose of on-campus recruitment by the 
Military, the CIA, the Secret Service , the FBI , and INS? 

REFERENDUM QUESTION #3 
Do you support the UCSD Associated Student Body's participation in the national sanctuary movement for 
Central American Refugees? 

REFERENDUM QUESTION #4 
Do you support the UC Regent and UCSD divestiture from the Apartheid Government in South Africa? 

REFERENDUM QUESTION #5 
Do you support the creation of On-campus , Student-owned, student-operated cooperative housing? 

REFERENDUM QUESTION #6 
Do you support a chapter of CalPIRG (the California Public Interest Research Group) at UCSD, which will be 
funded by a voluntary $3.00 per quarter fee? The CalPIRG fee will be included in aU fee totals on the registration 
form , and each student will have the option to not pay the fee at the time of fee payment. 

------VOTE APRIL 9 & 10------
at the gym steps, Revelle Plaza, M.O.M., Peterson Hall & Registrar's Office, 9am-4'pm 

8 H iatw April 4, 1985 


