


2 Th (II ,,/,/\ . h '/> i. 1')85 

T~e Srudenl Health Ad\'OCa~s will 
present their "humorous and infonnative 
'Condom Sense' program" next week, 
following a diSCUSSIOn of the pros and 
cons of condom usc at noon, February 
15 . in the orch Conference Room. 
Students will receive a free condom with 
admission. 

According to Christine Oakly. 
Women's Clinic coordinator, the 
pre entation celebrates National 
Condom Week. February 11-15. 

According to Oakly, the condom is 
the second most popular temporary 
method of birth control in the US. the 
first choice of birth control for couples 
having intercourse for the first time . It 
also helps prevent the spread of VD. 

o 
Inversion. the use of gravity boots or 

other equipment to suspend the body 
upside down for extended periods of 
time, leads to increased pressure in the 
eye and should be practiced with 
caution by individuals with glaucoma 
and certain vascular diseases of the eye, 
according to a study published in the 
December Issue of the Amcncan Journal 
oj Ophthalmology. 

Robert Weinreb, MD, associate 
professor of ophthalmology at the UCSD 
School of Medicine and Medical Center 
and prinCipal author of the paper, 
emphaSized that these srudles haven 't 
revealed any serious. long-range health 
problems as a result of Inversion. But 
since it is a relatively new phenomenon . 
no studies have been done on the 
effects of practiCing inversion for 
extended penods of time . 

However. since it is now known thai 
certain phYSIOlogical changes do occur, 
individuals with glaucoma and certain 
other vascular diseases of the eye should 
proceed with caullon and be aware of 
any problems which might arise, 
Weinreb warned . ThIS group mcludes 
diabetics and hypertenSive patients , 
who often suffer from a reduced blood 
flow to the eye. Regular inversion could 
conceivably make thiS problem worse . 
saId Weinreb. 

The stud y Involved 19 normal 
subjects and 12 patients with glaucoma. 
a serious condition characterized by an 
increase in the internal pressure of the 
eye . Glaucoma can develop over a 
period of time before It IS diagnosed , 

and it can lead to visual impairment 
and blindness if not properly treated. 

After a few minutes of inversion using 
speciaUy deSigned boots hooked to a 
ho rizontal bar, eye pressure in both 
groups of subjects almost doubled . The 
pressure returned to the pre-inversion' 
level withm 15 seconds of dismounting 
from the bar 

The researchers spec ulate that this 
Increased pressure is due partly to an 
increase In the pressure 0 the veins 
transporting blood out of the eye , 
combi ned with increased blood volume 
and increased pressure on the eyeball 
from the eye sockel. 

"We don't know of any long-term 
effects of inversion ," said Weinreb. "but 
individuals with medical conditions 
should be aware of the phYSiological 
changes that take place if they plan to 
regularly invert their bodies:' 

o 
Certain to provide an entertaining 

divergence from the seeming academic 
monotony of winter quarter. the annual 
Revelle Talent Show will take place on 
Wednesday. Feb. 13, at 8:30 pm In the 
Revelle Cafeteria .. The event nor only 
offers amusement for spectators, but 
gives students the opportUnity to unveil 
their hidden talents and skills. Among 
the 12 entrants and entrant groups are 
bands, comedians, si ngers and dancers. 
A panel of judges comprised of staff and 
students will award cash prizes. While 
non-Revebe students are welcome to 
enter the competition. they are not 
eligible for prizes. 

o 
The influence of the concen patron 

on program selection and the 
responsibility of the performer to the 
composer and the audience are topics 
which will be covered in the last rwo of 
SIX colloquia on music and 
contemporary society offered by the 
Center for Music Experiment at UCSD. 

The fifth colloquium. "The Patron and 
Producer. The Final Word?" will be held 
at 8 pm Tuesday, Feb. 19, in the CME 
Main Space, Building 408, Warren 
College. The moderator will be UCSD 
SOCiology professor Aaron Cicourel. 
Panel members will be Dr. Robert 
Hamburger, professor o f pediatriCS at 
the UCSD School of Medicine and 
producer of the UCSD chamber music 

~---------~--~------~ ~ I 
- iI'alL 1'_ P'" t.. 

~~ .. ~ ~ 
-

t 
: .. 

" 
.. 

/, 
I~ I " rr, 

Cover: Five possible sites for the new University Center 
have been chosen, and me wheels of fonune are being 
spun [0 decide me final venue. At present, the area 
adjacent to the Registrar's Office seems to be a likely 
candidate. Read about the pros and cons of each site in 
the cover s[Ory on page 7. 
News: An alanning number of bicyclists are ignoring the new 
signs in the Student Center that ask them to walk, not ride. A shiny 
new parking lot is at UCSD's disposal, just north of the 
northernmost Muir lot. Public relations means a lot of writing and 
working. And students anned only with Dramamine prove 
Captain Ahab wasn't so special as they set out in search of the 
Great Grey Whale. 
Opinions: A discussion of Marxism, a viewpoint on apathy, plus 
leners and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Getting away from the dregs of UCSD into a cup of 
euphOria with a visit to the Del Mar Pannikin, and ~the writer's i" 
looks into the wonderful world of typing as the column makes the 
move to Thursdays. 
Sports: Baseball wins the home opener despite a few almost-
cosdy wild pitches, and men's volleyball splits a pair in predictable 
fashion . Plus an 1M review and a look at the fabulous names those 
witty IM'ers come up with. 
Hiatus: Dostoyevsky comes to campus, so to speak, the La Jolla 
Animation Festival carries on, the UCSD Drama Depamnent puts 
on two one-act plays, and the brothers Young invade the LaJol1a 
gallery scene. Plus Anist's Insight and Goings On. 

COVER GRAPHIC AND PHOTOS BY JOHN ASHLEE 

series; Thomas Nee, UCSD professor of 
music; Betty Freeman, a Los Angeles 
patron, past member of the National 
Endowment for the Ans and advisory 
panel member for the California Art 
Council; and Dorrance Stalvey, director 
of the Monday Evening Concerts, Los 
Angeles County Museum of An. 

Because the concert involves an 
expenditure of funds, producers aPe ' 
often very sensitive to the audience's 
taste when scheduling a presentation. 
This colloquium win explore the 
economics of the concert presentation 
and discuss the concerns a producer 
has when selecting concert events. The 
panel will discuss questions regarding 
artistic objectives vs. economic factors, 
the aesthetiC needs of the concert 

patron compared to those of the 
contemporary composer and performer, 
and the musical concerns of today's 
patron. 

The performer is often considered a 
creative medium betWeen the composer 
and the audience. This panel wiD 
discuss questions about the 
responsibility the performer has in 
bringing the composer's creative idea to 
life; the role the perfonner has in 
meeting that responsibility; the 
expectations and demands of the 
audience on the perfonner; and the 
sociological function of the public 
concen or recital and whether or not 
the performer produces the desired 
elIect. 

-Sean W .... and ShaliDi Shah 
o rsection---------------------------------------~~--------, 

C9.& 
fIJ 
o 

~ Walk your bike 
or else. • • 

Sometime during the early pan of January, three . 
signs were placed in the Student Center, requesting 
"Please walk your bicycle through the Srudent 
Center." These signs are the indications of 
regulation of non-motorized transportation at 
UCSD. 

Mary Ann Mason , Student Center facility 
manager, said the signs were necessary because the 
Student Center has a number of blind corners , and 
the brick paths have been coated with a compound 
that becomes slippery when wet. Both conditions 
have contributed to a number of aCCidents. 
according to Mason and her staff. Paul Wade, of the 
Student Cente r, mentioned that he has seen some 
people slide into KSDT when they lost control of 
their bicycles 

Lil Fitzgibbons, a UCSD employee who works in 
the Student Center, says she was hit by a cyclist in 
October of 1983 while tummg a com er, Fitzgibbons 
claims she was lifted mto the air by the force of the 
impact. and landed on her shoulder, which 
separated. Despite her physical therapy seSSions, 

her shoulder is still not in the condition ir was 
before the accident. 

According to the UCSD Traffic, Access, and Parlti"B 
Study, there are about 3,900 bicycle trips made daily 
at UCSD and, as the campus expands. so will the 
mps. The survey states [hat there are no Connal 
policies concerning non-motorized travel at UCSD, 
although, according to UCSD Police Sergeant Gark 
Martin. the California Vehicle Code, including its 
bicycle proviSions, are enforced on aD roads 
through campus. 

San Diego State UniverSity has regulations against 
riding bicycles on footbridges (which has cut down 
the accident rate dramatically), and has some 
bicycle parking rules, accordmg ro SDSU Police 
Department Lt. Wilhams. 

Currendy, the enforcement policy of the Student 
Center COnsiSts o f Mason's staff informing cyclists 
;thout the signs. -We're relying on their better 
Judgment and explaining why there is !>uch a ban ," 
said Mason, 

-~rt UoDe 

Thu rsday. Fth 7. 1985 3 
NE~ 

•• .... .'(. .... ¥.-. • ~.? ~ ~ 

Public relations 
not all friendly 
By lAURIE VOlKIN 

TIu: new parking lot will improve the ~ltuation - some. 
If you think you would be great at 

public relations because you love 
working with peole. forget it. Public 
relations is mostly writing, producing a 
lot of press releases and bargaining with 
clients, according to a recent panel of 
public relations CPR) specialists. 

According to Carol Towne, PR is "a lot 
of writing and dealing with clie nts who 
are not always agreeable . You will be 
making a lot of negotiatiOns, bargaining. 
but most of all writing." 400 spaces added 

near Extension 
The open discussion , sponsored by 

Career Services, invited four community 
members to discuss public relations 
organizations, a typical work day and 
qualifications needed for recent 
graduates who are interested in a PR 
career, The panel included Elizabeth 
Brafford, communications director for 
Mayor Rodger Hedgecock; Tammy 
Smith , vice-president ofThe Gable 
Agency; Carole Towne, directOr of PR 
and marketi ng for the zoological society 
and Anne Watkins, community relations 
manager for San Diego Gas and Electric. 

All the panelists stressed writing as 
the most valuable skill for an entry.level -
pOSition in PRo pOinting Out that 
"writing reflects good organizational 
ability as well as analytical thinking." 
Other important skills which are 
valuable to gain in college are 

Major parking problems this quarter 
forced the UCSD parking committee to 
open a new student parking lot 
Wednesday. Jan. 30. This new lot, 
comprised of 400 student spaces, is 
located off Voight Drive, near the 
University Extension. 

laura Rey. assistant manager of the 
UCSD parking office, hopes this new 
parking facility will alleviate the 
additional parking difficulties that haVl: 
surfaced this quarter, such as more 
visitors. conventions and tour groups. 
Rey informs students that finding 
parking in the Revelle or Muir lots 
between 10 am and 2 pm Monday 
through Friday, is very unlikely, and 
that they should park in the new lot, or 
in the daytime overflow lot, which is 
located north of the Institute of the 
Americas. 

Rey said that the entire parking 
system is under re-evaluation and that 
"UCSD is going to build rwo new 
parking structures within the next five 
years, one which will be devoted . 

entirely to visitor parking, and the other 
which will be built on either the Revelle 
or Muir campus. 

Additionally, the UCSD-Medical 
Center shuttle, which offered free 
transportation to the UCSD Medical 
Center in downtown San Diego from the 
medical school campus, will now COSt 
$1 per round trip. 

According to Rey. the reason for this 
fee is due to the medical school and 
hospital budget cuts. She comments, "If 
we do not begin to charge for the 
shuttle rides, the service will have to be 
shut down completely." 

Beginning July 1, shuttle riders must 
purchase tickets at the medical center or 
at the UCSD parking office, prior to the 
shuttle pick-up. 

Rey hopes that the shuttle service will 
continue to run every half hour from 6 
am to 7 pm, Monday through Friday, 
with these added funds, She remarks, 
"We want to keep a viable shuttle 
running to service the needs of a very 
broad group of people." ~ 

"There is not a typical day in the PR 
field, and that's what makes it so 
exciting," according to Ms. Brafford who 
is responsible for the mayor's media 
strategy, which includes press secretary, 
PR representative and spokeswoman . "A 
typical day can start as early as 5 in the 
morning with a phone call and end 10 
at night with a press conference," she 
said . 

Brafford stressed the long hours 
involved where "there is always too 
much work and not enough hours to 
finish it." In addition to writing press 
releases. organizing press conferences 
and meeting deadlines, PR demands a 
good understanding of clients and the 
message they want publically presented. 

Meet The Author 
at the 

University Bookstore 
Fellruary 8, 1'85 

11:311 ... to 2:. Pili 

psychology, good verbal communication, 
a strong liberal arts background and 
knowledgeable news background. Ms. 
Brafford describes herself as a "news-
junkie ," constantly keeping herself 
informed of national, local and state 
news. 

One of the first things job hunters in 
San Diego learn about the . 
communication field is that few entry-
level positions are available . 

Anne Watkins strongly advised 
getting practical experience while still in 
college through internships or volunteer 
organizations. "Through this, valuable 
on-hands experience can be gained , 
such as learning to write press releases, 
news copy, etc." 

Besides skills, ambition will be a main 
factor in gettin.'!, that first job, and, as 
Anne Watkins explains, "Don't give up-
be open-minded, be flexible about 
your tirst job. It might not be what you 
want to do your whole life, but if it 
helps you learn and grow, the 
experience and contacts you will make 
will be invaluable: ~ 

"Richard Louv has given us the best description 
thus far of what will be on America's 

social agenda for the balance of the 1980's." 
-John Naisbitt, autho! of Megatrends 

America is experiencing an undeclared civil war between two cultures. 
* America 1- decaying urban centers, labor unions, New Deal politics. 

public services, smokestack industries, free-standing 
single-family homes, An Industrial Age nation. 

*America 11- "clean" high·tech industries. home· based entrepreneurs, 
electronic mailboxes. private services, large planned 
condominium communities. An Information Age nation, 



4 Thursday, Frh . 7, 1985 

Viewpoint 

Historical determinism and the prime mover 
By MONTE ROSEN 

FOR MARX, ALL HISTORY is the hiStory of class struggle. BU( what impels hislOry onward? W hat is 
the prime mover which creates change? 
Marx describes an important dialec(ical 
relationship between human ( individual) 
conSCIOusness, (he society surrounding 
which gives rise to It and the material 
modes of production. Yet, he fails to 
adequately resolve (hese fundame ntal 
contradictions. What Marx lacks in hiS 
analYSIS is me methodology that links 
the internal consciousness to the 
manifest, but immaterial. structures In 
society- which impel the development 
of the material modes and drive hiStory 
forward. 

The strucrure of this commentary 
fo llows th ree basic lines of argument. 
The first is a view of Marx's theory of 
historical detenninism, as it applies to 
(he overall lOpic. The second tact is the 
notion of the machine, as a modem 
phenomenon, and the fail ure of 
tradl(ional historians, including Marx, to 
provide a working interp retation of how 
and why it exists in society. The fi nal 
line of argu ment, on this methodological 
flaw, is Marx's inability to explain the 
contradiction between the ind ivid ual 
internal d ynamic with the material 
forces of p roduction. 

Historical detennin ism is brought 
fo rth by Marx, as a fundamental 
component of social dynamiCS. Society 
develops towards an inevitable goal and 
is (hus predictable in the course of ilS 
change, According to the texrual Marx, 
the d riving force creating social change 
is a constellation of forces, responsible 
for the production of society. These 
fo rces arise from (he historical 
condition, which necessitate the 
collective human appropriation of 
nature . Further, hislOrical inevitability is 
explained by the dialeClic, by revealing 
its contradictions and (acrualizi ng the 
synthesis between consciousness, 
society and the material productive 
forces. 

.. ... the/orees oj production, the state oj 
society, an consciousness can and must 
come into contradICtion with one another, 
because the division oj labor implies the 
possibUity ... thac intellectual and matenal 
activity ... devolve on dijferent individuals, 
and that the on!y possibility oj their not 
coming into contradiction lie in the 
negation ... of the division oj labor." 

Negation , of course meaning (he 

revolutional)' overthrow of private 
property, the d ivision of labor and the 
cap itahst system as a whole. The 
dialectic is thus shown by Marx to be 
(he contradiction between individual 
consciousness, society and production 
forces . Therefore, the inevitability of 
communism results as (he historical 
syntheSiS of the contrad iClions is 
realized by society which then properly 
organ izes them for means of material 
subsistence. 

The Prime Mover 
The debate over the prime mover in 

historical studies, specifically between 
Sweezy and Dobb, results in a clear 
statement of (he issue, but gets caught 
in ilS own historical mire, trying lO 
fonnulate me exact, objective details that 
give rise lO social transition . This type 
of histol)', although sound in discussion, 
fa ils in analysis of modem contextual 
practices. They don't do modem history. 

"Instruments of production and labor become 
machines, such as computers, which either become 
a liberating force or an enslaving force .... " 

This practice is perhaps not their 
intention, yet the academicization of 
historical realities skins the real world 
impact of events; which Marx and other 
social activislS Critically use within their 
(heories. 

Returning to Marx's methodology, we 
fi nd (ha( utilizing his dialectical method 
on modem phenomenon is possible , 
(hough problematical . For example, tools 
(as they take (he form of machines) are 
explained in their relation to human 
affairs by his dialectic . Whereas within 
(he dialec(ic, instruments of production 
and labor become machines, such as 
computers, which either become a 
liberating force or an enslaving force, 
depending upon the relations between 
individual labor and the agenCies of 
effective power over him. For Marx, (he 
use of machines involves a comflex and 
implicit"relationship with capita , as you 
must create surplus value in order to 
maintain efficiency. Yet Marx states that 
the instruments of labor that are 
converted into machines " . .. are no 
more separated from each other by hard 
and fast lines of demarcation, (han are 
geological epochs." Suffice it (0 say, 

. then, mat machines arise from the 
"solidification" of the means of labor, 
into the domain of fixed capital, as they 
show up together in me process of 
producing society. 

Modem Phenomena 
The credibility of Marxist analysis as i( 

applies (0 modem phenomena, such 
as the existence of machines, is 
problematic at best. The reason for 
doubting the theory is because although 
a number of Marx's predictions 
concerning issues of capital, alienation 
and revolution have been realized 
hiswrically and objectively, others, such 
as man working happily and 
productively (or non-material gain , have 
been realized only in a subjective 
manner. Further, the analysis lacks a 
complete structural understanding of 
tnner human dynamics, which allows 
for an ext."Cme revisionism by modem 
revolutionaries, according to their more 
goal-Oriented principles. On me issue of 
machines, Marx's analysis is confUSingly 
subjective, because he assumes that the 
inevitability of auwmatizanon wim all ilS 
dehumanizing horrors is non-ahenating 
for the individual worker. ~ 

To be continued on Monday. 

Thu~, Feb. 7, 1985 5 

llcerut<eJrlll<eilit<eJrlll<erut<eJrlllceilit<eJr ~n~fctt<e;rr~n ~tttt<err ~~ ®\ttt~rr ~n <e;ilitcerr ~ll<eilit<eIr~nceilit<eJr$n<efrfr<eIr ~n<e 
tt<eJr~letter.n<eilit<eJrln<efr{t<eIrlnte1.tit~lr~n<eilit~Ir~nce;tt~®rr~n<e{ttt~Ir~n<e~tt<eJrSll<efrfr<eIr~n<efr{t<elr~ll<efdt<e 

lr~n<erut~lrSn<erctt<eJrSn<eilit<elr~n~llit~rr~~ce;tttc~lf~n®frtt~ff~n®ilit~rr~n<efdt~IrSnceilit<eIrSll<eilit<eIrSll<eilit<eIr 
Direct opposites 
Editor: 

. satisfactory answer to our curiosity , if nothing else. two to jive years iro-m- now. 
Dan Nadir The second question is a bit more difficult to answer. 

I write in regard (0 Rick Frey's leuer of Monday, 
February 4. He says "Religious belief and opinions 
s hould be no differe nt than science. If they aren't true 
in the most objective sense of the word , then they are 
worthless." 

If what Frey says is true, in any sense of the phrase, 
then religion is worthless. Happily, most (heologians o f 
every major religion have see n the danger of redUCi ng 
faith to science and have attacked (his tendency. The 
whole point and value of faith is that it is different 
from science. Science is belief in things proven true. 
Faith is belief in things not proven true, or as Gregory 
I said: "When a thing is manifest i( is (he object, nO( 
of faith, but of percep(ion." 

The essence of religion is that i( is a free choice (as 
in "I have chosen Jesus Christ as my Savior"). Only 
with the ability to choose to believe or not to believe 
does it make sense to say that believing is "good." If 
we are compelled by reason to believe something, it 
cannot be said to be a "good" belief. There is nothing 
morally (0 be gained from believing that the earth is 
round, but much to be gained from believing that Jesus 
rose from the dead . 

When Frey says that religious beliefs must be "true 
in the most objective sense of (he word ," he wants 
science. If instead, he said that religiOUS beliefs must 
be true only in the subjective sense of the word, then 
he would be (alking of fa ith . 

Paul , in Corinthians 15, says exactly (hac if his 
audience does nO! have Jaith in (he miracles of the 
resurrection then their lives will be meaningless. If 
these events were to be proven true then they would 
move, as Thomas Aquinas says, from the realm of faith 
to the realm of knowledge and would lose me divine 
qualities of faith and the meaning (hat inheres in fallh . 
And i( is (he quest for that meaning that tum many to 
religion . 

So let us hope that religiOUS beliefs are treated as 
(hey have been in the past, as qUite difTernt in nature 
and purpose from scientific belifs. 

Who owns what? 
Alan Colley 

Editor: 
As residents of the "Matthews" donns (or the old 

Warren donns or (he new Third donns), we have 
some questions that we hope you can answer. We're 
told that the "Mauhews" donns don't really belong (0 
Third College but are, in fact, on loan from Warren 
College. Is this (rue? We're also (Old that (he recreation 
center [or (he donns, me Outback Cafe, did nO! come 
with the deal. Is this (he reason that the residents of 
(he Third donns are being denied its use? One rumor 
is that the Outback Cafe was condemned for some 
reason or anO(her. Was it because of a lack of 
handicapped facilities? (Another rumor). If all this is 
(rue , and (he Outback Cafe is indeed condemned , then 
why is it being used by the UCSD Day Care Center? 

The long walk from our donns to the Third College 
recreation center (near the apartments) is probably 
really good exercize, but some of the students at the 
"Third College Donns" would like something a little 
closer to "home." Since there is nothing that we can do 
about the situation , we hope you can give us a 

Eric Krugher Apparently you are right in thinking that the Outback CaJe 
Fred Chambers was not part oj the package, and yet it doesn 'l eXiJctly 

Editor', note: According to both colleges and the Housing Su- belong to Warren either. According /0 Warren College, the 
vices Administration, the Matthews dorms now belong to Third Outback CaJe is "up in limbo." [t once belonged to them 
College. Yet, when asked the question, Pat Shoemaker at but they now have no further use Jor it. It i.s also true that 
the Housing Services initially remarked that she "didn't there are not any handicapped Jaci lit ies provided at the caJe 
th inh there was a person on the campus who could answer and thiS liability is one oj the reasons why Third IS not 
this." 50 your confuSIOn is understandable. particularly interested in it anyway. So it is not actually a 

Tradit ionally, the dorms belonged to Warren , but wllh matter oj students being "denied" its use. 
the construction oj the new Warren apartments, extra As Jor the Day Care Center, it is believed that its use oJ-
space was created and it became necessary to decide who the building is Jor purely administrative purposes. 
needed it. Not ever having dorm s deSignated for its use You can take heart, though, in the rumor that the 
before, but with a definite need Jor more room, last year situation IS temporary and that there are pla ns Jor new 
Matthews dorms were handed aver to Third. It is believed, Third College student accomodations and student center. So 
however, that the situat ion is only temporary and that there if you're patient Jor a few more years, you'll have brand 
are plans fo r new Third housing Jac ilities anywhere Jrom new facil it ies at your disposal. Meanwh ile, however .... 

Doonesbury BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

~ ItJN6I ~ I ~~i ;f 
MIO/AEL, (}()NT 
UT 71115 GE:T TO 
)QJ. I'M 5U/?E. BY 
~TH&YU. 
fiN() SOW:OJC 
CL'iC TlJ MAKE 

THANKS, Y?lJle. 
t M COMINIHO 
rev UVC fI?()M 

I THE. HJMe OF 
A HtI?tJ OF. 

\ 

~ THe "S/BWAY 
/Ii A~~. ( ~~ 

7HI5 MtI5T BE 
MY l./A1(Y CI4 Y { 

\. 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
family Planning Associates Medicol Group's profeSsional concerned 
sta" con gi'Je you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personol health core needs. Calltodoy for an immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERALor LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

., fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

.. 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

, 

~ 

.'. 

.; 



UCSD 
FAN 

TRITON PROMOnONS PRESENT 

NIGHI 
BUSINESS AND 
tECHNICAL MAJORS 

MAIN GYMNASIUM, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9 
8:00 PM 

UCSD MEN)S BASKETBALL vs FRESNO PACIFIC COUEGE 

The UCSD Athletic Department joins with area 
businesses in saying 'Thank You» to the Triton athletic 
fans for their increased support this year. All in 
attendance will be eligible for a haftlme drawing for 

Highly re5fXlnslble positions for 
college seniors and graduates 
(through age 34/ in financial 
and logistic support. The Navy 
Supply Corps needs highly 
qualified. c::¥lamic indMduals 
to lead and manage large 
inventOl}' and financial 
net\NOrks. Salary SI8.500 to 
start, S34.000 after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need BA/BS, u.s. citizenship. 
c.llruv .. ............. 
Progr ....... 29 .. 746. 
Man W8d. m 4pIn. 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS AND COMPUTER SCIENTISTS 

The nextmO\e is}OUfS. 

MAKE YOUR MOVE 
WITH A CAREER AT LINKABIT. 

Due to continuing expansion of our government 
and commercial projects and the anticipation of new 
ones, we are inVltmg talented people inter sted in 
communications systems, digital hardware or 
software engineering to consider a career with 
LlNKABIT. 

To help stay one move ahead, we've made sure 
that all career paths are Oexible. For instance, our 
engineers are assigned to projects depending on lh ir 
interests and abilities . As one assignment is 
completed, new opportunities are made available in 
a variety of areas. 

The creative, free-thinking atmosphere at 
LlNKABIT promotes exceUence and is a reOection of 
our physical environment. San Diego, America's 
Finest City in location, climate, cultural and 
recreational facilitie , offers you and your family an 
unsurpas ed lifestyle. This invigorating selting, 
combined with the chaUenge, satisfaction, and reward 

of a career at LlNKABIT. provides an unbeatable 
opportunity to fulfill your goals. Opportunities are 
also available in the Washington, D. C. area and 
Boston. 

We offer excellent benefits and competitive 
salaries. Please contact your College Placement 
Office to arrange an on-campus interview and find out 
how you can make your move with LlNKABIT. If you 
are unable to meet with our representatives, please 
forward your resume with coUege transcripts to: 
Dennis Vincent, M IA-COM L1NKABJT, 3033 
Science Park Road, San Diego, CA 9212L 

~M/.-COM U".IIT, INC, 
Equal Oppoftuntty 
Atfumatlve Acl.on EmpMlY'" 

COMPANY PRESENTATION 
Tuesday, February 19 -12:00-1:00 pm 

The Revelle Formal Lounge 
Refreshments will be served. 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Wednesday, March 6 

J 

Viewpoint 

Apathy 
By LIZ BACKENSTOW 

I guess It was the CalPIRG Sign-you 
know, the one concernmg the apathetiC 
student-that acted as a slap in the 
face . Was that me? Had I become so 
unaware of living a life of placidity 
(read: unconcern) that I never felt 
apathy's noose tighten around my neck? 
I thought so. I could even approximate 
the day it had happened . As a transfer 
student, I was very gung-ho about 
becoming involved at UCSD and so 
attended several meetings-one being 
the new writer's meeting at the 
Guardian. Boy, did I want to do that-
prestige, experience, great resume 
fodder-an aU around nifry-thrifty 
solution to my involvement problem. So 
they gave me a story to do and ... I 
didn't do it. Oh , I rationalized that 
away-gee, I had a quiz to study for 
and gosh, I needed to job-hunt and oh, 
no one wants to hear what I have to say 
anyway. That's the great thing about 
apathy-you believe all your own 
rationalizations implicitly. Until you get 
lucky (if you get lucky) and wake up 
and smell the roses and the shit and do 
something, anything, to break out of 
that apathetic haze. 

I guess what I'm hoping is that this 
will be someone else's "siap-in-the-face" 
if they happen to be a member of Club 
Apathy. Maybe they realize it and maybe 
they don't. Like I said, that haze can be 
pretty blinding, hiding one's true vision 
on life with thoughts like, "Oh, I'm tOO 
cool to do that: (severe haze) or, "I 
would reaDy love to do it, but people 
might think I'm stupid" (middlin ' haze) 
and so on. 

The biggest problem with apathy is 
that it's catching-contagious in a big 
way. When found in large groups of 
people, it can be damn near fatal 10 
things like good causes, good ides and 
good intentions. It is tough to work for 
a cause-say Greenpeace, for example-
when you are opposite groups like the 
nation of Japan, the US government and 
people who reaDy don't care one way or 
another about whales, Japan or our 
government. When the Greenpeace folks 
say, "Hey guys , we're gonna go defend 
some whales today in the ocean." they 
probably don't get remarks like, "Oh , it's 
cold out there: "I don't jed like it," or 
"Are these whales worth all this trouble?" 
But then, Greenpeace is a smaU 
organization. 

Look, I'm not saying that you should 
run right out and join Greenpeace or 
the Peace Corps or even the student 
government Just give your personal 
apathy noose a little yank by smiling at 
that cutie who sits next to you in class 
or by going to a meenng or function 
alone and getting acquainted with 
someone new. I know it's not easy at 
first . But then you can move on to 
bigger and bener thmgs-entering that 
literary contest, raking those windsurfing 
lessons and maybe, yes, getting involved 
in a student organization. Is Ihal 
sunshine we see through Ihe haze? 

Leners to the editor should be 
double- o'r triple-spaced and 
addressed to the OpmlOns Editor, 
the UCSD Guardian , 8-016, laJolla. 
92093 All submiSSIons muSt lI1c1ude 
the author's phone number and 
signature, 111 speCial cases the name 
WIll be withheld upon request 
leners grealcr than two pages 111 
length wtll be prI nt ed .IS 
"VlewpOll1ls" .md Will be edited for 
grdmmJr ,lI1d tyle 1 he GU(lI(il<l1l 
reserves the right III edit for d.mt), 
Jnd sp.lle co n'lder.lIll1n~ 
Deadlines .m: noon fndJ)' for 
Mondayedlllon:. noon Tue dJ)' for 
Thursda)' Cdltllln, 

ThurJday. Feb. 7, 198' 7 
NE"lS 
~ • &;y ~ <»' ••• jf> .v'(; ' .. " ;;;:0 •• '1{;_,':.' ~ •. '~. • .•. ~ ..• ~ ~ . ~. »;-::li:.~.; u'·, ,', ....... ''-': ~.)'.'-? 

Cover stoty 

Student Center site awaiting approval 
By ANDREA HARMON. Staff Wnter 

I F THE RECOMMENDED SITE for the new Student Center is approved by the UCSD Planning Board , the Regislrar's OlTice lind the surrounding 
administrative buildings will be forced to move. 
Blurock Partnership, a consulting firm . presented 
its report and recommendation lor the best of five 
possible locations for the Center in a meeting on 
February 4. 

The Student Center has been allotted a total of 
96,000 ASF (assignable square feet), but 26,000 ASF 
could be housed in existing student center buildmgs, 
redUCing the toral amount of new construction to 
70,000 ASF. The main UCSD Bookstore would also be 
included in, or associated with, the C\:nter. The 
Bookslore's size would be enlarged from 42,000 10 
52,000 square feet. 

Because of the amount of footage aDowed, Blurock 
suggested a IWO- or preferably three-story building with 
split-levels 10 keep the ground coverage to a reasonable 
size and 10 "offer an interesting interrelationship of 
levels." The largest noor would probably be 55,000 
gross square feet-about the size of the plaza of 
Central Library. 

- -r --

New 
'Quad' 

. 

! 

--

\ ' .. 
, ;: I 

oJ Of the five sites. Site D was recommended by the 
Blurock Planners. It is bounded by Meyers Drive, 
Miramar Rood and the tennis courts. It has good 
service access and is expandable in three directions. It 
would provide a food service next to Warren, which 
has no dining services, and would upgrade and 
enhance the identity of that coUege. The site is on the 
pedestrian "axis" (the tralTic diagonal from the Miramar 
Academic Complex and Mandeville Center to Central 
library), and is visible from Gilman Drive. 

ops, Food ServIces, a theater and meeting rooms; and 
the split-grade third Door would house more offices 
and storage as weD as a "Great HaD" with up to 2,000 
seats. Various art exhibits and sculptures, and cafes 
with outdoor terraces, would surround .the Center. 

the most immediately buildable site. The disadvanrages 
are its proximity to public areas ( laJolla Fanns, Torrey 
Pines Road), a coastal pennit requirement, higher 
security risks because of its proximity to pubUc areas, 
and the necessiry of building another parking structure 
to replace the parking lot lost to the Student Center. 

Since UCSD is growing in an eastern and northern 
direction, Site D is located closer to the future center 
of the Universiry. 

This location will, however, force the relocation of 
some 17,000 square feel of administrative buildings. 
There are some cost implications with this , but the 
Center, if built at Site D, would stay within the budget 
limits and future expansion would 'be possible. 

The four major factors inDuencing the decision of 
Blurock Architects and Planners were: 1) where the 
Universiry is growing-toward Warren and to the east 
and Ihe north; 2) the different aesthetic conditions of 
the Center to its surroundings throughout the campus; 
3) axial innuences-what really is the center of the 
campus and where is the most pedestrian traffic; and 

Site B covers the grass and parking lot next to 
Peterson HaU and the Sun God. There are already 
plans to move this parking lot. so that is not a problem 
for Site B. The advanrages are its close proximity to 
MandeviUe Center and the core of the campus, and 
the open space and eucalyptus trees that would be 
available around the Center. The disadvanrages are its 
limited service access, low communiry relationship, 

4) circulalion and parking. 

The below-grade first Door would house media, co-
ops, offices and storage; the "at-grade" second Door 
would house recreation facilities, generaillounges, co-

Site A is the Muir Upper Parking lot next to AP&M 
and Third CoUege. Its ad van rages are a possible ocean 
view from upper floors, good service access (seven to 
nine trucks will be unloading food and supplies daily) 
for the Student Center and Bookstore, and a good 
relationship with Muir and Third Coneges. This i.s also 

and the elimination of any furure expansion of Muir or 
Third College. It also requires a coastal permil and the 
possible relocation of the Sun God. 

"> -:CON11NUED==;;;;:;-;ON;;;;-;-;P;;-AGI!=-8~> 

Study Medicine 
in ISRAEL 
Touro College will prepare you to 
earn an M.D. In Israel from one of 
the world'. great universities -
Technion-israel Institute of Technology 

Touro ~. through its Center for Biomedical Education, 
and the Technion Faculty 01 Medicine. offer an intensive 
program leading 10 the M.D. degree. "you .,.. a qualified 
student who has completed the traditional ",.med 
requ/rem8111s, you may receive a second baccalaureate 
d..- from TOIHO, and an M.D. from tha Technion. after a 
total 01 four years plus one yeer 01 advanced clinical rotations 
in Israel. 

1nitiaIty. you'll sp«td 78 months at the beautiful HUntington, 
Long Island, New )brlr campus 01 Touro College. Courses 
inclUde advanced sciences and intensive sway 01 Hebrew. 

FoIIowi"flsuccessful completion 01 the Touro phase, )"OU 
become elgible for advanced standing at the Techrvon 
Feculty 01 MediCine In Israel, where )"OU will satisfy the 
32 months of study at medical school required for licensure 
in the UniffKI Stam. You muat successluly complete a 
brldg/rtfl program. to be accepted for clnical studies, then 
submit a the_s and take advanced rotations before 
receiving the M.D. degree. 

AppIeations are. now bei'!f1 acc."ted for the third entering 
class. For appkaliOns and Information call or write: 

............ :O'Mto'CAL 

...... .., EDUCATION 
Office 01 Admissions. TOURO COLLEGE 
30 West 44th Street, New 'ItIrlr. NY 70036 • (272) 575-0790 

An ___ ,EqwI Opjxrimjty"._ 

You CAN Know Your Major 
LEARNING skiLls CeNTeR has 

A Multi-dimensional Testing Program 
INDMDUALIZED FOR YOU. 

Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 
Day or Niqht 
~ Bring 5 Friends-Get Your Testing Free 

~ LeAR~IN(j skiLls CeNTeR 

The home of the 
3~¢ hamburger. 

-, 

4£1cu. M~~m 
\ ' . f ,n" ~.' • 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~~!~!~~!A~!L~L~A~~ER~I~C!~A!~N~~M!~E!~A'~L!~~!-!~~ 

Quarter Pounder® with Cheeae, larxc Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink l , .. h. ,11 .... I 1\1 ," I H"ftt II ' 

,:HUrUn r\.' r 
l' USlUml.'r. rcr Visit. Plci.I:k' 

I prl' scnt ..:oupun whl·n urJ~rin~ . Not v"ltJ ","h ,my 
<lth"r <lIfer . 

Good thru 
March 7, 1985 

~~~fti~I~,. Just $1. 99 ~ 
(plw tall) '11 
Only at: II 

7140 Miramar Rd, II &n:_@j 
.......... ---_ ....... 



8 Thursday. Ftb. 7. 198:S 
,~E~ 
... x . ~',..: -=*" •• , ... ,,",x,....x.: "~~~' . *~ " 

Student Center 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 7 , 

Site C is the eucalyprus grove becween 
Site B, Third College and Central 
Library. Its advantages are its closeness 
to the library, to Third and any future 
colleges, and to existing and furure 
parking structures. 

Site C is also in the upper cemer of 
the campus and would have an 
"excellent future community relationship 
to the John Hopkins axis" Qohns Jay 
Hopkins Drive). Site C also needs a 
coastal permit, and community and 
service access would be difficult. Future 
building at this site would also be 
restricted. Any parking problems would 

be solved if the cwo planned J50-car 
parking structures are bUilt by Hopkins 
Drive and the S hool of Medicine. 

A fifth proposal. ite E. was given, but 
was not chosen, because it would not be 
near any major pedestrian path and It 
is too far south from the center of the 
campus. 

After the particular site has been 
agreed upon and chosen by UCSD's 
Planning Board , and architect will be 
selected through competitive bidding to 
design the Student Center according to 
the demands of the site. The Planning 
Board, headed by Tom Tucker, foresees 
the completion of the Student Center in 
1988. Ell 

CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
February 19, 1985 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service SaJon 

We would like to inuoduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylistS, 
Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg. S25 
Men S10, reg. Sl9 
For appointment, pIuse call 457-2930. 
!!950 Villa La Jolla Ur .. Suite 2120, La jolla 
(behind cl Torito <'II Rudeo· directly across tlie ramp) 

7140 WIU:IANt RD., SAN DEGO ONLY! 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 
CopIes'IMducdonS' Eniatgerrlel'lS 

Passport Photos • Binding' And much more! 

4Vz( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon. - Thurs. • am - • pm 
fri .• am - 6 pm 

Sat. to am - 5 pm 
SUn. t2 noon -6 pm 

a7~775 
1155 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs • SavoOn) 

Thar she blows! 

Whale 
By SUSAN SULLIVAN 

U CSD STUDENTS TOOK a whale watching trip to culminate a four-week class on marine 
mammals, offered by Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography, on the New Seaforth, 
chartered from Seafonh Sport Fishing 
on Mission Bay. John O'Sullivan, a 
Scripps aquarist, was the naturalist on 
board , answering questions and offering 
information about whales and their 
habits. 

The California grey whale migrates 
6,000 miles from the Arctic Ocean to 
the lagoons of Baja California each year, 
swimming through the waters off the 
San Diego coast on the last leg of their 
journey. Pregnant females are the first 10 
leave the Arctic waters in October. They 
are followed by non-pregnant females, 
mature males and juvenile in the 
succeeding weeks. The whales swim 20 
hours a day, cwo to four knots. 

At this time of the year, most of the 
whales passing by offshore are courting . 
groups. according to Paul Sandner, 
caption of the New Seaforth . The pod of 
three whales we spotted just five 
minutes out to sea was a group of cwo 
35-foot males and a 4O-foot female. 

The usual behavior for whales when 
they are approached by a boat is to 
remain near the surface for only a shon 
time, the "sound: making a Steep, long 

dive that takes them below the surface 
turbulence and away from the boat, 
according to Sullivan. 

Most excursions "come up to a pod of 
whales, see cwo or three blows, and then 
they'd dive down and further out 10 
sea," said O'Sullivan. "Whale are usually 
shy. secretive and avoid the boats," he 
said. "We were very lucky today," he 
added, because the whales made no 
long dives , but stayed within ten feet of 
the surface . "Most whales are skittish . 
but Lhese weren't afraid of the boat." 

"Our whales· stayed very near the 
surface, coming up for air every two or 
three minutes, and the captain of our 
boat kept up with the pod for more 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 

J E W E L E R S 
The diamond people<!> 

La Jolla Village Square 8657 Villa La Jolla Drive 455·9700 

Watching 

than a half hour, before deciding to turn 
back. 

"The most important thing is to stay 
behind the whale and follow its course 
and speed ," according to Sandner. The 
three whales swam parallel to each other 
and the boat, and one could judge their 
positions by their long, aquamarine 
shadows reflected on the surface of the 
water. The whales broke the surface for 
aIr in long undulations that exposed the 
full length of their bamacle-encrusted 
backs. 

During Lhe migration season, 
according to O'Sullivan, "it's nOl 
uncommon to have grey whales just 
outside the surlline . .. we've had them 
come up next to the pier at Scripps 

before." 
During their 6,000 mile migrlltion , 

grey whales do not eat, relying instead 
on a thick layer of blubber for energy, 
O'Sullivan said . They travel to the 
lagoons of Baja to give binh because 
"the warmer water there helps the calves 
pUl on weighr," instead of burning 
calories just to keep warm. Whale calves 
are 15 feet long at binh , weigh about 
500 pounds and consume 50 gallons of 
rich whale milk per day. They can grow 
up 10 70 pounds a day, according [Q 
O·Sullivan. 

The whale's grey coloration is not its 
natural skin color, bUl is, in fact, scar 
tissue from barnacles, accidents and 
attacks. The California grey whale has 
only three natural enemies; large sharks, 
killer whales and man. According to 
O'Sullivan, though, whale hunting is 
becoming unprofitable, as artificial and 
petroleum products make whale 
products obsolete. 

Seaforth Spon Fishing runs three trips 
a day, seven days a week, during the 
migration season, taking about 400 
people a day offshore [Q view the 
whales. The price of a two-hour "whale 
hunt" is $8. It is advisable to take 
motion sickness medicine before going 
aboard, as the ocean gets rather rough 
at times. ~ 

Valentine's Day Personals 
only 5CK (per 100 characters) 

Come to the Guardian before 
noon on Tuesday, 2/12, and see 
your Valentine's wish on the 14th. 



10 Thursday, Fth 7, 1985 

Panic kin for coffee 
By VALERIE GULICK 

W E'RE ON THE ROAD agam. HighwilY 5, that IS (Sorry, Willie Nelson). On the 
journey to experience a little bit of 
nirvana, but mostly to escape 
homework. The price of admIssIon IS a 
cup of coffee and an hour or so of time. 
The sign Via Dp La Valle has become a 
familiar sight LO me this year. It sigmfles 
that I'm abour to go to my favorite 
haunt, the Pannikin (in Flower Hill 
Shopping Center) in Del Mar. ' What IS 
a Panmkin1" I can hear the uninitiated 
say. Well, it is a coffeehouse In a mall , 
next door LO a bookstOre. Those are the 
straIght facts , ma'am. But the Pannikm 
means much more than thar to me. It is 
a chance to relax, drank good coffee 
(not the swill at school) and experience (I 
just realized I sound like some left-over 
beatntck-brother! ) 

As my friend Winnie and I walk up , 

thg wrifgr's n 

rhe steps, I notice how thin he looks in 
his leather jacket. The boy just doesn't ' 
eat enough . I'd love to gIve him some of 
the excess meat that nature endowed 
me, but that would be a complicated 
operarion We joke around in 
anticipation. "We're going home, Toto" 
he says. We laugh as we go into the 
wooden entry. Actually, the whole place 
is wood. I always feel like I'm entering 
this old-wood-shed-converted-mto-a-
coffeehouse-place. I don 't mind. What a 
relief from UCSD's favorite concrete 
block. 

Once inside , I coolly survey the place. 
Tomght it is qUIet, only a few people 
around, mostly stude nts. Good-all the 
better for reading and relaxation. We go 
up to the counter and order our 
favorites: Winnie hIS burnt-tasting coffee 
parfait extravaganza, a Cafe Lane for 
$1.75 , and me my yummy-tasting 

cheaper Cafe Mocha. I eye the 
Chocolate Chip Cheesecake in the huge 
glass display case. Nope , not tonight. I 
have yet to recover from the Chrisrmas 
binge. It can wait. We sit down in the 
comer on those minimalisric blue fold-
up chairs next to the equally plain blue 
table with the ever-present fresh flower 
(tonight a pink carnation). Ahh , here 
comes the coffee. I take a big swill, 
mmmmmmmm. Winnie is already high 
on the Cafe Lattti with the most idyllic 
look on his face . He is a real coffee 
drinker, I get a big kick out of watching 
someone get so much pleasure out of 
such a simple thing like coffee. Sitting 
here , watching the Mocha steam out of 
the white, huge mug, I feel completely ar 
home. I sip away while Winnie 
engrosses himself in hIS ever-present 

\ CONTINUED ON PAGE II > , 
Bob ~lai', owner of lhe Panrrilrins. 

A practical joke by a guy named Asdfjkl; 
By PHIL LAUDER 

It is virtually impossible to get 
through college without writing a paper 
for some class. And it is virtually 
impossible to get away with turning in 
illegibly scrawled papers in college. Add 
the two facts together and you realize 
that everyone has to type a paper 
sometime before graduating. That's just 
the way it is. 

However, not aU of us feel that we 
have to learn to type a paper before 
graduating. Therein lies the problem. It's 
amazing the number of people who are 
at this level in education and yet still 
type at speeds on the order of 60 
minutes per word. 

Learning to type is like learning to 
ride a bike. Most of us pIck up some 
kind of education on the matter before 
they get to college-and it they don 't, 
they are pretty embarrassed. As well they 
should be. Most of us take typing classes 
during jumor high or high school, or 
maybe at a junior college. Typing classes 
are pretty much of a joke, but they do 
make you sir down and type, dam mit. 

In our beginning typing classes, our 
firsr (and sometimes last) question about 
typing was: "Why rhe hell aren'r the 
keys organized in some racional, 
coherent manner?" To which the 
beginner's instructor answered, "[ don't 
know, I just work here ." Some idiot in 
the 1800s must have decided to play a 
practical joke on the world-probably 
some guy named Asdfjkl ;. 

Granted, the order of the keys makes 
no sense at all , but it's tradition, and 
that's that. [t'll probably never change , 
because no one is willing to go our and 
find every typewri rer in exisrence and 
change the order into some sensible 
system. And if someone got thar far , the 
next step would be to convince 
everyone who sweated through learning 
the stupId system in the first place to 
give i( up and go for the new one "Hell 
no: we'd say in chorus, 'Tm not 
throwing all thaI work away. No 
sirreee-uh uh ." In other words, 
progress IS never gonna happen. Face it, 
accept it, and learn the normal, foolish 
system. Don't make waves, man. 

After the question of order of keys 
has been dealt With, teacher and 
students can get on with the class. 
Beginning typing classes are very 
interesting, After only about a week of 

class, the ranks have been clearly 
delineated . First of aD, you've got the 
really lame peo~, to whom finger 
dexterity is a totaUy new concept. If in 
15 weeks of rwo-hour-a-day instruction 
they get from the minutes-per-word 
range to the words-per-minute range, 
they've accomplished something. On the 
other end of the spectrum are the 
god damn whiz kids- those who can 
type 40 words per minute on their 
"asdf, jkl;" drills on day one, For the rest 
of the course , these people will 
consistently leave the rest of the class in 
the dust and will reduce overaD class 
morale by 100%, especially if they crack 
comments after their typing tests like, 
"Shoot , three errors and only 53 words 
per minute this time." At this point most 
of the rest of the class is content with 
53 errors and three words per minute , 
so it's a good idea to shoot the show-off 

Nothing deflates typing-ego more 
than numbers, Lord, who put them up 
dim? Couldn't they have put them ,n 
the side or something? Since they dbn't 
come along in text that often anyway, 
you can (and I did) get away with not 
learning them for years-just look at the 
keyboard whenever they come up. And 
don't let the teacher see you during the 
typing tesrs. 

Speaking of typing tests (life is a giant 
segue. you know?), hey, weren't they a 
blast? "OK, open your books to page 17. 
This will be a two-minute test. 
Remember to keep your eyes on the 
page. Keep your hands in position, sit 
up straight, take a deep breath, get 
relaxed (good luck! I. Ready, go!" 

And the whole building fills with this 
tapperytappetytap sound. Somewhere on. 
the other side of the room the "5" word 
emits from someone's mouth as errors 

s.f a'df sadd jkl; jklj jkl; j~l 
°kll jkl; jkl; j l o; jkl~ tikI; jkl; 
sdf jkl; asdd jkkp ase! jko; zed 
sdf asdf jkl; jkll; aset jsdt skI; 

sss ddd rfd aaa ssa ' ddd rfr a jjj kkk kll - • p , , jju kkk kli ·1-, , jj 
sd. jkl; asdf jkl; sdfg jkl; asd 
df 1- sdfg kl;t sdfg damn dam 

before the line forms. 
[n the middle lie the majority of us, 

who plod through learning the leuers of 
the keyboard while making irritatingly 
slow progress. After about three weeks of 
typing we've been introduced to all the 
Iwers on the keyboard , and at this 
point we're feeling good; man, there's 
nothing we can'r type. 

But then they do it. "OK, it's time," 
they announce. "Time for what?" we ask 
naIVe[y. 

NUMBERS. 
Oh no, not them! Numbers-a 

beginning typist's nightmare. Literally. I 
remember goang home at night after a 
typing class and seei ng my hands hit 
that "6" key over and over, only to look 
up and see nothing but "y"s on the 
page. I would wake up screaming, 
"HIGHER! HIGHER!!" 

eight and nine pour from the poor 
slob's fingers. Meanwhile, you aD plod 
through this totally inane script about 
the role of dairy products in everyday 
society, and boy is this exciting. "The 
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy 
cow that didn't produce milk. Milk is an 
essential pan of everyone's daily life. But 
there is more to the world of dairy 
products than just milk. Oh, yes, much 
more ... . " 

Within a few weeks you'veJ'rogressed 
to five-minute timed tests , an your 
daily assignments include form leners: 
"Gentlemen: Please be advised that the 
invoice of 23 January, 1978 includes an 
order for three dozen commercial razor 
blades (shipment number B354938). My 
associates inform me, as per the 
conversation of 18 January, 1978, that 
finanCial arrangements have been made 

through a subsidiary of the ~nt 
company. We will expect shipment 
prompdy III th-; warehouse on 23 First 
SL, Mlnneapolis, MN, at Hl on me 
afternoon of 29 January, 1978. Sincerely, 
blahblahblah." 

I very rarely got throtllh these tests 
without cheating. I coula make it 
without looking at the keyboard; after a 
while, that's not such a big deal. But I 
kept making errors-and that just ticked 
me off. I always knew when I had made 
the errors, though, so I would generaDy 
stop where I was, backspace to the 
screw-up, and type over the wrong lener 
so that the teacher usuaUy couldn't tell-
especiaUy if I typed an "a" over an ·5" or 
an "m" over an "n." Those were 
compatible combinations, and those 
were sweet. After a few weeks I became 
very adept III this activity, cautiously 
leaving a few errors in here and there so 
that no one would ever know. Ah, the 
criminal mind. 

The !'act is that, tedious as they are, 
these stupid little classes do teach you 

~o type ~ll enough to makt it through 
college. By the end of the first 15-week 
session your typing speed probably 
reaches somewhere between 30-40 
words per minute, which Is adequate 
but not terribly spectacular. Taking an 
intermediate typing course gives you 
more practice and probably gets you 
into the 10-60 range, but it requires a 
supreme amount (Jf patience which 
mOst of us can not or will not muster. 

Be assured, though, that there are 
times when aD that tedium comes in 
handy. Spending 45 minutes per page 
typing a six- 10 eight-page take-home 
final is the closest thing to hell on earth, 
There are a lot of better thm~ to do 
with eight-times-45 minutes than type. 
But things have gona be typed. You do 
it or you pay. 

And many of you do pay, You look at 
the Guardian classifieds under the 
"Setvlces" section and find out who is 
selling their wares as a "word processer," 
i.e., a typist. Your eye is caught by ads 
like, "WORD PROSECCING: Fast 
sevrice, S15.0/ page. Freepiccup and 
dilevry. No job two small! CaD Andy, 
273-345." And away your money goes. 

I guess if you don't know how to 
type, you don't have two many options, 
do you? i:l 

llllmdllY, Ftb. 7, 1985 11 
~ealta 

.. . /. "" . »:' '! '; ':.<~* ~:;., ~,<o'" : >~ "';.;?'~::c'\{~ •• , '\- ~ .• " :-:-: . ':.s 

This Valentine's Day, give your sweetheart a de-
leclable heart of goodies from Nutville, USA. 
Select from the finest nuts, fresh roasted daily 
in our country kitchen, or some divinely delicious 
home-made chocolates. Combine them with s0me-
thing nice from 011 country store which features hand-
made pillows and quilts and a marvelous array of containers, 
crafts and collectables. Every gift from Nutvme is packed with 
love and designed to delight. So don't delay, come see our 
special sweetheart selections today! 

Fashion V.y Grossmont Center University Towne Centre 
29ft..8t7I 460 9SM 455-NUTS 

Fro. TBRADYNE 
A "",Lt. .. &.Ie I".,.,. .... 

ft 0'" #I Tee"nology ~1Ie, 
bl electronics, tbe era of very large scale integration (VLS/) bas 

a"iued, leaving ma"y companies witb products suddenly obsolete 
and engineering staffs struggling to catcb up. 

But not Teradyne. Thanks to 175 million spent on R&D in 1981-
1983, Teradyne was ready and waitingfor VLS/. 

Ready wtth VLSI memory testers, logic testers, analog testers, 
board testers. 

Ready in Boston, Ma. and Woodland Hills, Calif. , where 
Teradyne develops A TE for the electronics industry. 

Ready in Deerfield, minois, center for Teradyne 's telephone 
system testing operations. 

Ready in Nasbua, New Hampshire, where Teradyne produces 
backplane connection systems and state-of-tbe-art circuit board 
technology designed to meet VLSf requiremems. 

This kind of technology leadership spells growth, Excitement. 
Challenge, Career opportunities 
you just can't find an ywbere else. 

Teradyne. A company 
ahead oj its time, 
looking for some good 
people 10 lleep It ahead, 

For more information, see 
your Placement CoUt/selor. 

SHARE 
IN OUR 

SUCCESS 

Pannikin 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 10( 
philosophy book. I see that tonight'S 
selection is Plato. How enlightening. ( 
look around and analyze tonight'S 
patrons. Over by the window (it seems 
more like a giant display window), 
where the red-leather movie seats are 
stuck together, sits a typical avant-garde 
looking student. I wonder about these 
people-they seem to have their own 
way of looking so bohemian . I'm 
fascinated by them and have come up 
with my own assumptions about the 
avant-garde look shon hair, usually 
dyed black or red , a must for both 
sexes; round srudious glasses, wire 
frames preferred; and , most of aD, the 
clothes. They must be a mixture of army 
wear, scarts, earrings, assoned 
paraphernalia and black, black, black 
anything. In fact, one night, I counted 
four' people all with the same dyed 
burgundy hair-aU looking very artsy. I 
was imrigued, especially since 1 had just 
gonen my hair dyed that same color, 
and 1 wasn't even a visual ans Student. 
You just can never tell sometimes what 
will be in or not. I felt very in that night. 

Winnie looks up, eyes peering over 
his glasses. He closes his book; "Enough 
Plato for now." Pause. · Plato is so 
fascinating-he packs so much in to a 
few pages. Usten to this .. . ." He starts to 
read. I stan to listen intently, but my 
mind wanders. I glance up to that 
completely original key-shaped mirror 
on the wall. It is framed by piano 
pedals. Whal is this an supposed to 
mean? I'd love to know what was in the 
artist's mind at the time. I catch the tail 
end of Winnie's reading. Oh well, one 
of these days I'1l take a philosophy class 
and then I can wax poetic on and on , 
day after day, and be oh-so-intellectual. 

After awhile , 1 see that my cup is 
empty. [ get up to look in the bookstore. 
It blends perfectly with the Panmkin ... 
almost like a long-married couple who 
merge into one another. Tonight, I don't 
feel like being very deep, so [ grab an 
Italian Vogue out of the huge, black 
magazine rounder, and sit in the Baby 
Pit. This baby-blue blockade in the right 
hand comer is meant for small children. 
But I don't care. There aren't a lot of 
kids around here at 9 pm. I curl up and 
relax-I feel so sheltered and cozy, 
ahhhhhhhh . 

Then, I hear this loud sniffie. Oh no, 
not one of those. The sniffie goes on 
and on-it fills the whole bookstore. 
Damn, I try to locate this excruciating 
noise. Why can't a person learn to be 
quiet in a bookstore? Don't they know 
other people are reading-or trying to 
read in quiet? Haven't they heard of 
I<leenex? Great sruff-cheap, easy to 
dispose of and gets rid of sniffies fast. 
Obviously this clod knows nothing 
about Kleenex or good manners. 

I get up and see this young man in a 
rocking chair. He seems hannless 
enough. He is reading intently and 
sniffiing away equally intently. He has 
incurred my wrath . I give up- no use 
trying to compete with that noise. 
Hopefully, he1l get enough diny looks 
from other people to shut up. 

By this time I'm bored and irritated. It 
is nearly 9:30 pm. The thought of 
homework gently taps on my 
consciousness. It has been only an hour, 
a shon stay .. But after being so rudely 
disturbed , my psyche tells me it is time 
to go home. I sit down at our blue table. 
Winnie looks up. "ShaD we?" I ask , in 
the same manner I always do. "Let's." At 
the implied cue, we rise and slowly walk 
out in perfect sync. The kitchen has 
been closed for a half-hour and most of 
the students have left by now. It is our 
tum to go back to our ivory tower once 
again. like robots , we walk back to the 
white Corolla and mechanically get in. 
As we drive back, we are both silent, 
half-listening to the Cat tevens tape. 
I'm content for now. I've had my coffee 
and relaxation. Time ro return to 
reality. ~ 



r.· 

12 Thursday, Feb. 7, 1985 

The season starts off right 

UCSD scores 
a healthy win 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

A FTER PITCHING seven innings of overpowering I\vo-hit ball in the Tmons' season-
opening 3-1 vIctOry over Pt . Lorna 

azarene. soutpaw David de Cordova 
almo t became his own worst enemy. As 
it turned OUt. hIs catcher. Dan DiMascio. 
ended up his be tally. 

One of the cardinal rules of baseball 
IS to shut down the opposition in the 
next inning after your team has given 
you the lead. The cardinal key to this 
cardinal rule is to keep the first runner 
(especially if he's a Cardinal) off the 
basepaths. De Cordova. tiring in the 
eighth . issued a free pass to the first 
batter and almost opened up a 
Pandora's Box of trouble by wild-
pItching the pinchrunner to second. 
On~ out later he wild-pitched him to 
third . Coach Lyle Yates brought the 
infield In with one out. and the gamble 
palJ off handsome dividends as the 
next batter bounced out to shortstop 

Klaudio Biazevich. the runner holding at 
third. But Just to keep the freezing 
multitude (all 20 of them) on the edge 
of their seats. de Cordova unleashed 
what appeared to be his third wild 
pitch of the inning. this one the most 
costly of all . The ball ricocheted off 
DiMascio and rolled up the third base 
line 20 feet toward the Pl Lorna dugout. 

Enter DiMascio in the hero's role. 
Pouncing on [he ball with his back to 
the plate. the catcher whirled and fired 
a strike to an alen de Cordova. who laid 
hiS tag down on the sliding Nazarenian. 
Voild. inning over. no harm. no foul. De 
Cordova went out In the ninth and set 
Pt. Loma down one. two. three. No 
problem. righ t, Dave? 

"That's a planned play." laughed de 
Cordova after the game in reference to 
the WIld pitch that almost was. "We've 
been work ing on that all fall. Acrually. 1 
just started to drop my arm down. The 
first wild pitches were on my slider and 

ThIrd-baseman Derek Alhoms wa pari of a Tnton defense which gave solid upporl 10 de Cm·dova. 

Davc dc Cordova hurled the Tritons an impressive three-hit victory over Pt. Loma. 

the last one on my fastball:' De Cordova 
mixed that fastball and slider with an 
effective straight change to baffle PI. 
Loma all afternoon. "I felt strong with 
the fastball early on . and then 1 went to 
my slider a little more in the later 
innings, 1 think my fastball was my best 
pitch today: ' said de Cordova. 

His coach was equally pleased with 
the southpaw'S performance. "Dave 
pitched a whale of a game today. We 
don't expect any of our pitchers to go 
more than five innings this early in the 
season. and for Dave to go nine is really 
a bonus, a real confidence builder. 1 had 
twO relievers warming up. and in the 
eighth 1 would say Dave was one batter 
away from getting relieved ." Yates said. 

Yates didn't yank him. and David was 
allowed to finish his masterpiece. De 
Cordova finished with five strikeouts 
and four walks while aUowing only two 
hits-a pair of bloopers, one that made 
it as far as the pitcher's mound and the 
other that crash-landed just over the 
second baseman's outstretched glove. 
His defense played solidly behmd him. 
turning in twO twin-killings in the early 
innings. For the most part. however, de 
Cordova deserves the credit there . too. 
He didn 't give his defense many tough 
opportunities. because he didn't let the 
other guys hit the ball hard very often. 
Such a si mple spon. when you just 
think about it. 

OffenSively. Yates attributed the low 
offensive output of the Tritons to a 
number of reasons. "ThIS was our fi rst 
game of the year, and I felt we were a 
little tight in the early gomg. Pl. Loma 
also came at us with probably the Jce of 
their swff (Manin Il0nea) We played 
them IdSt year (PI. Lorna IS .In NAIA 
school) In our !.ltv I ~lon . and he was 
their only pH her to b Jt u . We abo hit 

a lot of baUs hard right at some people 
today." the coach lamented. 

Though the Tritons did seem to be a 
little out of sync at the plate. not all the 
players had off days. John Rosness had 
his hitting shoes on the right feet as he 
went two-for-three. with a run-scoring 
double in the second and an inning-
opening single to right-center that 
started the Tritons' two-run raUy in the 
seventh and broke up a 1-1 pitcher's 
duel. Klaudio Biazevich followed a 
successfll! sacrifice with a bloop Single 
to right that drove in the game-winner. 
David Stanovich then drilled a double 
into the left field comer for an "rbifi"-
run batted in for insurance. De Cordova 
and DiMascio did the resl. 

The Tritons will square off against PI. 
Lorna again on Thursday. this time at Pt. 
Lorna. Yates is looking forward to the 
game. ·We're going to go with our right-
handed ace-Mark Sloan-and I'm 
anxIous [0 see how he does. We also 
enjoy the cross-town rivaly that exists 
between our clubs after our years in the 
NAIA It's a good competitive 
atmosphere. They won't be able to bring 
back their ace that soon , and if they 
have a problem with their pitching, it's 
the depth . I like our chances," he said. 

UCSD will travel [0 Riverside Saturday 
for a doubleheader. and then return 
home next Tuesday for a twin-bill that 
Yates feels is critical . "It's our first game 
against a DiviSIOn 111 sc hool. and 1 feel 
we have [0 take them both- we can't be 
satisfied with a split." Apparently. Yates 
is taking thiS Division 111 matter very 
seriously and wants to get started off on 
the right foot "That's what was ni re 
about today" the coach said With a 
healthy smile. "It's always nice to sian 
off With a win." It mUSI be. Just ask Pt. 
l oma what 1[' hke not [0 , IW 

.Thursday, Ftb. 7, 1985 13 

By JAY R. RICHARDS I 1M soccer and basketball get ranked 
Soccer 

It was bUSiness as UN-usual this week 
as the unpredictable weather made 
havoc of last weekend's soccer schedule. 
Some players were seen trout fishing on 
Lake Pryatel-a field that absorbs water 
like the Wicked Witch of the West. 

Not drooling, but dribbling 
Of the games which have been played 

to date .• however. many have resulted in 
some surprises. In the MA lew:l. a 
league which many thought would be 
dominated by perennial contenders 
Pars. the number one rank is held by 
Don't Mea Wkh Us. Don't Meg has 
beaten two very strong teams already: 
SupRmell 1-0. and Arty and Ihe 
Caua .... 3-l. Captain Denis 
Guttridge feels strongly about his team 
and 100ks forward to the ultimate 
showdown with Pars in the playoffs. 

M action saw. among other things. 
the depanure of powerhouse kve. of 
the Nabs. who had two easy wins in 
their firs! weeks. megal players forced 
their rise into the MA ranks. leaving the 
top spot free for undefeated 
Harpooners. Amazing as it may sound. 
the Harpooners are the only M team at 
presstime with more than one win and 
no ties. Close behind in the polls are 
LiveJpooI. which scored five in their 
opener. and Cold Bone. 

h's still too early to try to get a 
complete grasp on the evil sandbaggers 
in the A league, but Baby FH: • Goc 
Mean, 10 Bucks on Black and eo.clt 
PotalOC's kftnae aD have the potential 
to be -l. 

In coed action, the sandbag act of the 
year. decade and perhaps cenrury. is 
Abel de Ia Rosa's The Dudes. Carried by 
a strong selection of women. the guys 
on this team just try to hold their own. 
Their wins to date have been by scores 
of 6-0 and 10-0. 

Rankings are as follows: 

AM 
L. Don't Meg With Us 
2. Pars 
3. Homa 
4. Supremex 
5. Earl's BaD Kickers 
6 . Sol Brother 
7. Arty and the Caucasians 
8. Revenge of the Nobs 

AA 
L. Harpooners 
2. Liverpool 
3. Cold Bone 
4. Disciples ofToby Charles 
5. Webeass Kickers 
6 . Boy George Assasinators 
7. Ameless Wonders 
8. Studs Again 

A 
L. Baby Fae: She Got Hean 
2. 20 Bucks on Black 
3. Coach Potaroe 's Rewnge 
4. Expotential Pele Thirdleg 
5. Sharp Dressed Men 
6. Arirang 
7. Shell Answer Men 
8. A Shot in the Dark 

Coed AA 
I. The Dudes 
2. Sweet WiOiam 
3. Hahmudi and the Seven Deadly 
4. Just for Kioks 
5. Kick those BaDs 
6. Hot Guac 
7. Goofs 
8. WoIfpack 

1985/86 UNDERGRADUATE 
FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOLARSHIP 

APPUCATION DEADLINES 

s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s S S $ $ S 

• All current undergraduate financial aid recipients are being mailed 
a 1985/86 fmancial aid application to re-apply. 
• All undergraduate continuing students with a 3.75 cumulative GPA 
as of Spring 1984 were mailed a 1985/86 scholarship application. 

APPUCATIONS MUST BE POSTMARKED BY FEBRUARY 11. 1985 

All undergraduate financial aid applicants who are eligible to apply 
for a Cal Grant are rrtfUired to apply for one; failure to do so will resuh 
in loss of UCSD financial assistance. The Cal Grant deadline for both 
ntw and mttwal applications is February 11, 1985 (this is a change 
from last year). 
The deadline to complete your undergraduate financial aid file for 
Fall Quaner 1985 is May I, 1985. 
If you do not receive an application packet in the mail, please request 
one from your college financild aid office. 
Wor~hops for completing the undergraduate financial aid and/or 
scholarship applications will be held in the NOM Conference Room 
of the Student Center at the following times: 

Tuesday, January 15 ....................... 11:30 am 
Monday, January 21 .•.•..•••.•.•••••...•... 9:00 am 
Friday, January 25 .•.•.•..•••.•...•••..•••. 12:30 pm 
Tuesday, January 29 ...•..•••••...••...•••. 10:00 am 
Thursday, January 31 .....••••.•.•••....•..• 1:30 pm 
Wednesday, February 6 ..................... 2:00 pm 

Plan to attend one of the workshops, Please bring your application 
forms with you to the workshop. 

Baskelball 
There are no rain-outs in basketbaU. 

and the happy teams recently completed 
their fourth week on the court. 
Hopefully. the recent cleaning of the Rec 
Gym surface will reduce the slippage 
and sliding that has become 
commonplace in that arena. 

Since my laSt report, I have 
discovered that my sources were wrong 
in reporting the SUing Musicians forfeit. 
My apologies for the error. boys. and as 
you will see. the Musicians have moved 
back up in the rankings ... to the #2 
position. The new MA poll places 
unbeaten Well Get the CaDs on top. A 
look at the two teams' records shows 
both undefeated: but with We'll Get the 
Calls victories against Or's Dunk N Stuff 
and the Manson Family, they have 
played the stronger teams. After two 
weeks. the Strings have managed to play 
only two games. beating Runnin Rebels 
by 15 and Get Happy by only five . 

Other MA news features the 
TenninalOrs. whose defense has 
averaged 105 points against them. 

- Claimed one team player. "We didn't 
want to stand in line for M or AU No 
kidding. 

The top two positions also switch in 
M action. where Life Aikr High School 
and ReDo How ID Win switch spots. 
The change was based on High School's 
69-point thrashing last week. moving 
their point differential to 42 points a 
game. The boys from TKE remain 
outside. waiting to pounce at any 
minute. JR Sleeper pick- In N OUt 

UIJe. 
The men separated themselves from 

the boys this week in A action. as many 
of the JR Top Ten of two weeks ago. 
most noticeably LD.O. and Rdlexll. 
lost Sons have remained strong, but 
newcomers like Magic Twf and Vanilla -
Village mean business. 
AM 
l. We'lI Get the CaDs 
2. String Musicians 
3. Triton Pub 
4. Dr's Dunk N Stuff 
5. Manson Family 
6. Party Animals 

AA 
1. Life After High School 
2. Reno How to Win 
3. TKE 
4. La Machine 
5. Raoul 
6. Pine Bros. 
7. In N Our Urge 

A 
1. Sons 
2. Swamp 
3. Magic Turf 
4. Stop Making Sense 
5. Ayi ng Phis 
6. Slam if You Can 
7. Vanilla Village 
8. Mizzou 

Women's 
1. Team X 
2. Las Womoanes Dos 
3. Nice Touch 

ile , 

PARlY ANIMALS 

.. 



14 Thursday, Feb. 7, 1985 

20% 
OFF 
~ Paper Pads! 

Rembrandt 
Oil & Water Colors' 
Cosmos Brushes! 

"'''s Cu. Street· Pacific 'Beach 
·Aero •• fro_ T .. ., ......... tOffieo:. 

0 ... " M - ' ' - 6 170-1303 S"Mrd.~ IO - } 

Name of 
the gaDle 
By JAY R. RICHARDS 

T HEY RANGE from obscure to blatant, from amusing to tasteless. Their themes range from sex to 
gambling, from sadism to masochism. 
Of course, I'm referring to the names 
which intramural captains give their 
respective teams. Some students spend 
weeks forming a name which establishes 
that perfect blend of cleverness, 
innuendo, character and humor. Others 
walk into a team captains' meeting 
completely unprepared, desperate to 
come up with a name that's either vague 
or which reeks of sexual blatancy. Some 
names perfecdy represent the character 
of the ream, while others are cort>\ete 
misnomers. All team names, however, 
have some SOrt of meaning and some 
concept of practicality. 
Sexual Innuendos 

If team names are any reflection of 
the attitudes held by UCSD students, 
one thing is cenain: UCSD is 
preoccupied with sex. The innuendos 
represent the largest group of team 
names at UCSO- nearly 40% of all team 
names have some sexual reference of 
some type. The innuendos range from 
subde to blatant, with the best tying into 
the spon in consideration. This quarter's 
subde and not-so-subde innuendos 
include: 
Subtle Innuendos: Not Tonight, Lust for 
Kicks, Work It In, Barnyard Etiquette, A 
Bunch of Good Leis, Let's Score Today. 
Blallllll Innuendos: See Men Shoot, Jism 
in Yo Face, Throbbing Balls, Dribbling 
Balls, Up, Down, In & Through, Kick 
Those Balls. -

Cu~nt SociaVPolitical Issues 
Some team captains try to use the 

current news stories of the day within 
their names. Jjke the sexual innuendos, 
the names range from subde to tasteless. 
No one is sacred from the wrath of the 
pen either, as these names suggest: 
Pope's Nose, KlUers for Reagan, Mayor 
Rodge's Revenge, Bananas for Baby Fae, 
Ghandi's Guards, Shell Answer Men, 
Aloha Mr. Hand, Boy George 
Assassinators, Baby Fae-She Got Heart, 
The Bhopal Gas Victims, Dormbusters, 
Frankie Goes to La Jolla, Steve Howe's 
Nose, 2 Ghandis Down, 1 to Go . 
Obscure/Insiders 

Many of the team names make little 
or no sense to the average Joe on the 
street. However, some of the names 
have an inside story which usually turns 
out to be interesting. Some obscure 
names and explanations: 
L.D.O.-Stands for "Look Don OIT." 
Named due to the frustrating habit of 
one player who loves to shoot 25-foot 
"prayers." 
Voodoo Chiles-Named after a Jimi 
Hendrix Song. 
IIIIIIIlt Zoo-Dorm team named after 
the IiIdt animals that form when placed 
in water. 
BoI'all-Derived from the Dr. Seus5 
characters, Bofas, who did norhing but 
sit on sofas and watch TV while 
drinking. 
J.R. Top Ten 

With so many names, trying to pick a 
top ten is dilTicult. Yet, there are so 
many bad names that it wasn't that 
hard . Names in the top len must have 
met most of the following criteria-they 
have to be clever, subtle, humorous, 
tinged of double meaning, and reflective 
of a team's character. 

1. Rainbow Coalition (b-ball) 
2. Barnyard 'Etiquette (b·ball) 
3. Aloha Mr. Hand (soccer) 
4. Some Curves &: a Lot of Action 

(howling) 
5. Gidget Goes to Zimbabwe (softbaU) 
6. Captain Dick &: His Seamen (hockey) 
7. Ben Dover (soccer) 
8. We'll Try Anything Once (football) 
9. Bofax (soccer) 

10. Crazy Otto &: the KIelbasa 
(softball) ~ 

worgt Knights gats Jor tht block ... 

' . 

Digging in 
By ALICIA AGOS, Sports Ed,tor 

T HERE IS A VERY EASY-GOING, social feeling at most home games of the UCSD men's volleyball 
team. The Tritons, who started their 
home seasonal play last Friday night 
against the Alumni, had a predictable 
weekend playing in the Triton Pavilion. 
Friday night ended in easy victory over 
an aging Alumni team, while Saturday's 
story wasn't so pretty as UCSD lost to 
the ever-powerful Jugadores Club team 
in a best-of-five match. 

The tone of Friday's game was, at its 
most intrnse point, easy-going. The 
men's volleyball team is nOl yet blessed 
with the faithful following that the very 
successful women's team has in past 
seasons attracted. Acrually, that is part of 
the problem. The men's team does nOl 
have a good reputation when it comes 
to winning. While there aren't exacdy 
throngs packing the Main Gym at every 
home match, those who do attend are 
friendly, and evetyone there seems to 
know, or at least know of, each orher. If 

not to see a Triton ViCtory, it is fun to 
attend a home game to catch , among 
orher things, the refreshing humor of 
Kevin Bateman's announcing, the mid-
match serving contests, raffles, break-
dancers and, of course, the enthusiasm 
of the crowd. 

Graybill stressed the importance and 
potential of tomorrow's home match 
against San Diego State. "We are really 
gearing up for the game against SDSU. 
They are our crosStown, Division I arch 
rival. Last year we lost in four games 
over in their gym. At our match 
tomorrow we'll have a serving contest 
with prizes, raffles and break-dancers 
performing dunng the second and thi~ 
games." San Diego State is an excellent 
team and, if UCSD rises to the occasion 
and plays the caliber of volleybaD it is 
capable of playing, it wiD be an eXciting. 
intense match. Besides that, it's fun. 
Game time is 7:30 pm in the Main 
Gym. Ii:! ... with Johnny Henderson in the Alumni gamt:. 

i 
I 

J 

, 

(~ 

.. 



J 6 ThursJa¥. Fd, 7. 1985 

C ... 1fted MlMrtlslng .".. Is sold In 
100-character Increments. Each 
1etIIer, fU'KIUdOn mark Mel space 
betlJAen words Is considered a 
character, wtth capital .etters 
CCU1ttng as two charaderS, The rate 
Is 51 per 100 chataaIen tor S1UdenCs 
and 53 per 100 characlers lor non-
studena.. You must come by the oftIce 
or mall .n )OUr ad. as we requfre 
payment In ...... a of publlcaclon. 
o.dIInes are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursdly" paper. 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO. 1-016, Ut Jolla, CA 
92093. 

The Milton H. Erickson Institute 
announces the San Diego Conterence 
on f-W1Otic and Strategic InteNe1tions 
February 8-10, 1985. For information call 
(619) 295-1010. /2/7) 
Menstrual pain? Cramps, nausea, 
abdominal pain, etc. Partid pants needed 
for a research study. 481-6181. /2/7) 
I\yn Rand Readers and students of 

O~m ~ing ~ry Sunday, II 
am-2 pm. Home Savings ot America. 4311 
L.l Jolla Village! Drive, U1iversity To~ 
Centre. /3/14) 
Muir College is now accepting 
applications from academically quaJified 
students to assist with freshman 
orientation and registration during 
June. Obtain a job refMal at Student 
Employment and bring it to the Provost's 
Dmce 2126 HSS. DeadNne: 2/8/85. 
/2/7) 
Daugturs of lesbian or straight divorced 
and remarried mothers needed tor 
research study. Please call Julie Sdlwartz 
459-2100. /2/14) 
VIOlin, viola, prep tor 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (6/6) 
Bloop bloop bloop laugh laugh laugh 
Star Trek Blooper Show and much more. 
Feb. 6 & 7 7:30 & 9:30 pm. 12/7) 
The Food Coop wants your help. Earn 
25% discount on tood plus 5ex credit for 
'WOrking 2 hours a week. Info meetings 
Mon. Feb. II, 10 am & Wed. Feb. 20, 2 pm 
N. Cont. Room or stop by the Food 
Coop. 12/111 
Commodore 64 usersllt's about t ime we 
rorm a users group here at IXSD. call 
Bill at 45H973. 12/71 
Pregnant? Troubled? Explore the 
alternatives to abor tion . Free 
protesslonal cOlllSeHng and services 
available. San Diego Pro-ute League 24 
hour hotline: 583-5433, 941-1515. 12/7) 
Free haircuts in exclusive L.l Jolla salon. 
cau Aurel Salon at 459-9610. Ask for 
Ray. 12/7) 
Star Trek Bloopers & Godzilla vs Bambi & 
Monty Python & more. Feb. 6& 7, 7:30& 
9:30 pm. S3 UCSD 10 PH lOB. 12/7) 
R~IIe, math & sdence? Come to 

ReveI~ Talent Show Trurs. Feb. 13, B:30 
CRteria. See where the talent is. 12/11) 
Earn a Free Ski Trip & SIOO.oo cash. For 
information call 714-750-0861. 13/14) 
Ski Jackson Hr;:c:, Wym. Mar. 23-30 with 
IXSD, SC, 513, R & Stanford. S2B7 & RISC 
memb. inc. transp., condos, 5-days of 
lifts, lots of vertical skiing, and tons of 
fun. Tickets on sale now at the Box 
Office. Info x4037. 12/11) 
Interested in animal rights? NeIN group 
forming-Students Organized for 
Animal Rights. Interest meeting Feb. 11-
drop by the Che Cafe ~. 3:00 and 5:30 
anytime or call Cris Waller 562-2585. 
12/7) 

Anj kind of job. I speak English, French, 
Spanish. Call me. Didier 282-4455. 12/11) 

illl IIHilll1 I 
BASS/kE'Y8~D. AMP Carvin, 135 
watts with Bass and Treble Boosts, SI50; 
BASS/KE'tBO/GUITAR CABINET Wilder 
6-10 inch with speakers S15O; caft Mike 
294-8076 ~nings. 12/71 
Televideo TPC I portable computer. 
W /CPM 2.2, graptKs, 'WOrd proc. 
package. All for SI095. 278-2682. 12/11) 
Smart Terminal: Esprit 6310, S559. 100% 
Hayes compat 1200 baud modem w/ 
cable, S440. In stodcl These items 
tog~ther can communicate with 
UCSOCC ~ Source Systrms 278-
2682. 12/11) 
79 'VI1I Scirocco. gray w . red into am-fm, 
AC, sunroof, very nice. S35OO. 287-4537 

~. 12/71 
HP 41CV calculator-Hardo/ been used 
& math pac. rech batt, recha~. 
S!95/or SO. call Sue 458-9249. 12/7) 
Well cared tor Peavy RerlO\Ml 160 watt 
solid-state guitar/kytxl. amplifier. 5225. 
Keep tlying. 455-6579. 12/71 
Platform bed SIOO, ~ights SIS, peacock 
chair 535, men's down ski parkas S35 
each, blender SIO. 455-9509. 12/11) 
Apple IIeeXlrndedSOcol. l28kcardonly 
5200 brand new. Other Apple /IBM 
cards available under wholesale prices. 
Alain 587-0534 ~. 12/11) 
'68 'VI1I bug. 40,000 rti on rebuilt ooal 
port engine. Nevv tires. new ~, 
new upholstely. Recent ~ job. sky 
blue color, white Int~rior, weTI 
maintained. A steal at 51600.00. caN 
John. 453-4958. 12/71 
1980 Ford Courier, 66.000 mis, ~1. 
xtra gas tank. ~ neYf radials, 
shades. 52700. 566 6667 eves. /2/141 
1972 Datsun 1200, one OYtIrler, not 
beautiful, but good, reliable 
transportation, S5OO. 273-8078 aJtrr 6 
pm. 12/7) 
Sofa-bed, 87", dk bm naugahyde, 
modem style, excellent construction. 
mattress Nke new, S125. 273-8078 after 
6 pm. 12/7) 
76-VW Dasher, good condition, 4 
doors. SISOO or ~t 452-5875. 12/11) 
75 Honda Xl250 Reg. thru 10/85, very 
clean, great engine. Nf!W brakes, good 
tires. 5475 abo. 457-3448. 12/111 

.mmullll ll l 
AIM. TEUR MODELS NEEDED FOR 
MODELING SHOW IN PRODIXTION. 
Send photos and complete info to: 5666 
La Jolla BIIId., Suite 128, La Jolla, CA 
92037. /2/14) 
Camp counselors needed to 'WOrk this 
summer with coeds ages 10-17 in 
aquatic-oriented day camp. Experience 
'WOrking with children .& profd~ in 
sailing, surfing, water skiing, wind 
surfing, canoe or kayaking preferred. 
Apply at Mission Bay Aquatic Center, 
1001 Santa Clara Point. 488-1036. 12/14) 
Administrative assistant position 
available tor Aquatic Youth Sports Camp. 
Part-time now. full-time summer. 
Excellent clerical & communication skills 
required. Apply at Mission 8ay Aquatic 
Center, 1001 Santa Clara Point. 488-
1036. 12/14) 
CRUISESHIPS HIRING. SltrS30,OOOI 

Carri~an, Hawaii, World. Call tor 
Gu~, Directory, Newsletter. 1-916-
94+4444 x UCSDCRUISE. 12/71 

Helpl John L.uc Panty tickets desperately 
wantedl CaN row. we haIIe cash. 4S~ 
4000. ANH or 449-6060 Olris. 12/7) 
AIRLINES HIRING, SI4-S39,OOOI 
Stewardesses, r~servationistl 
WorI<MIidel CaU for Guide, Directory. 
Newsletter. 1-916-944-4444 x 
UCSCJ,6.IR. /2/7) 

~IHiUs111111 
Hsmate wanted IX) shr sm but cozy bch 
a~a cottage. M,lrnopret. ~all cans. 
fd,/1/4) uti/rent mise e,., & chores. Ole 
mn wlk IX) bchlbay. OWl sm rm S175/m 
·bed" cMb. Ca' eves 48&-6548 Mission 
Bch. Carmen, Ln, Paul. 12/71 
Roonvnalr wanted 10 share large room 
in condo on beach In PB . .Jacuzzi-salnt-
ocean view. S235/mo. 483-3848. /2/14/ 
Single room wanted~ar UCSD Ira 
Jolla Village! Sq. Ma). Call Barbara 45&-
1758 or 458-1067. /2/71 
Room tor rent-Mira Mesa. 0INn bath. 
furnished. Prefer ~Ie non-smolcer. 
525O/mo. incl. utiI. 271-1298. 12/7) 
On beach, fireplace, bathtub. shan! 
room, hclu2 in Del Mar, fern. 1/5 uti/. 
259-8835. 12/11) 
Roommate wanted 10 share fabulous. 
new condo. Private bedtoom and bath. 
and less than one mile from UCSO. 

C~an, quiet non-smoker preferred. 5350 
& 1/2 utilities. 455-9526, 0( 277-0327 
eves. 12/141 
Femalt rmte wanted. 0INn rm. Shift 
IuxuIy condo w/3 in Solana aeacn 

M~, 2 temIs courts. 2 jacuz. a 
pools. SIU'la, on beaCh. 5275. 1st RI 
Jast. 5100 dep. aIIaiI. Feb. 28. N0n-
smoker please. 481-3290. /2/14' 

T'l'PING/WORD PROCESSING-For aR 
your I}1>ing needs can Barbara at 454-
7624. Rush jobs accepted. 12/14) 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page . • picIa.4) & deliver. /Vldy 
UIu~ 279-8056. 13/14) 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelllng_ correct-Rush jobS 
spedalty/flexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842./2/7) 
Edting: Profeslonal copyediting for 
term papers, reports, etc. SpecIal student 
rates. Call 299-6345. /2/7) 
TVPING/WORD PROCESSING: many 
twe styles 10 choose from, spelling and 
puncuatlon errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery. quaNty INOrk, FASTIII 
52/page Idouble spaced I. Call 
Interactive Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
13/11) 
Rrst class typing orlo/ SI.25/page. \XI111 
colleO & dell\.fi. CaU Susan 4S0-953R La 
Jolla. 12/7) 
Computerized \I\IOI'd processing. Term 
papers, ~, reports, resumes. Fast & 
acrurate. 481-0268. 12/14) 
Tutoring: All Ic>'.wr division math. S 7/tv. 
755-0486. Ask tor Da\.<e. /2/71 

INSURANCE WARI W~'" beat any price 
or we don't want your bUsiness. TIckets, 
accidents, sports cars. good 
driver/student discounts: all welcome. 
call 286-1135. Request IXSD PlAN. 
13/14) 

Hey Valentines-I..«'s Party! 9 pm on 
Friday. Feb. 8, doors open at the UCSD 
Rec G)m tor the Deb Sig's red 'n white 
par1¥. Get ~ early 'cause the 1st 100 
people get in FReEl 12/7) 
Spack you dropped your ear. Star T~k 
8100per Show Feb. 6 & 7 7:30 & 9:30 PH 
108. Narrated by speaker. 12/7/ 
Ask ~ man. 457-'792. 12/7/ 
Find ~meanlng ofllfe-or at lea'hI've 
a good tlmel Party with the Oetta SIg'S at 
the red 'n ~ party on Frt~ Feb. 8 in 
the UCSD Ret~. MusIc. din:Ing. and 
gaflons of fun! Ooors open at 9 PM~ 
one of the 1st 100 people ancI--. tee. 
12/7) 
Beam mr up SCoa;y before Go4ZII1a S1eps 
on . . .Don't miss ~ laughs: Star Trek 
Blooper Show. /2/7) 
John-Sometimes it's hard Ie A!lllelilbei 
how far ~\!! come ... Tl'ink of whI!re 
~ \rYef'e last yearl You have ~ hNrt-
c. 12/7/ 
Kevin M-Hey Uttle Brol Haven't seen 
)OU much. Hope you'~ doing \/veII1 ~ 
va, Your l1CE IIg SIs I 12/7) 
RISC pres. alOttlet fun-filled ski week 
Mar. 23-30 at.Jad<SOn Hole, ~ . .Join 
UC schools & Stanford for the 1985 
Spring AII-CaI. AJSt 5287 inc. everything 
but food. On salt now at the Sox 0f'IIce. 

I~ x4037. /2/7) 
Free Ie ~ home: 2 adorable, 
playful.~ te k/tte,., 7 ~ 5 mos. 
old. MJSt lind a ~ by FrI. 2/8. 4~ 
9857.12/7) 
~ beSt things in Ufe are sUI freel /Ik.it 
)OO\!! gocr.a be qulddlJoln in on the run 
at ~ 05P's red'n wtitepartyon Atday, 
Feb. 8. • the UCSD -= G}m. Doors 
open at 9 pm and the fst 100 get In ftftI 
Music, dancing, and gaUons of 
elltertair '""tilt! 12/71 
Happy 8II1hday MktleIIeII hope )IOU win 
be ~~ tor the special present I am 
going Ie ~ )00 .... 12/7) 
Kara ~rl if it's bile )OU.~ 
looking for. C'mon ~ bile tor you Is 
sure. You bake the sweetest cak~ I 
know. Cmon and show me INhat you 
know. Your Il!dpe is fine, fine. fine. Don't 
you know I really want IX) mak~ it rtinel 
Jason's Ship./2/71 
Would PaIge Na.odor please bail one 
cruel American & tis naive foreign buddy 
out of a Houston jail? The crlmr: felony 
practical joIc~1 The bu'l on the run has 
been bumecll Were talkin' the whole 
thing: mafia. -get laid." the fight Can 
}Ou SiIfJ "gulll* r -eoaltton AgaIr5t 
Cruelty Ie Jamaicans. /2/71 
Karen andAlni of Commuter 3. ~ two 
are the hottest thing on iceII Dr. St/dCbiIII. 
12/7) 

~Mi~IMII 
LOST: Black "Tourmaster" motorcycle 
glove on Tuesday 12/5). Please call 452-
6580, Chris Canole. /2/11) 
Lost a maroon wallet and checkbook. It 
foI.n:J p~ase can Unda at 458-9240. 
12/21) 
Lost: Double link, trI-color bracelet 
Interesting reward. Can 458-1034 or 
458-9209. /2/7) 
Lost: Heavy man's brass/gold ring /black 
H in ~I and ladies triple gold ring in 

R~1Ie Ladles Room. Please retum. 
Great sentimental value, espedalo/ initial 
ring. 45(}-1S40. ReINard. /2/11) 

~ _..4nd: Skatrboard-<all, 1denti1Y. Keep 
tlyinn 455-6579. /2/111 
Founr.: one gold bracelet Call 453-
799;' ;2/11) 
Lost-Go/d & pearl pendant on chain. 
Great Sl!ntimental value. ReINard I Ph. 
Kriss 753-2539~. 12/111 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

t\saociate Editor 
CHRI ' YuUNG 

Contributina Editors 
ETHAN FEERST. JuAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

jAM~ RALPH \>:-\I't' 
Staff 

MlKE AHN. RODDY 
B0'0AWA. ANDREA 

HARMu • KRISTIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNIC. JOHN NEE, ART 
ALAZAR, CARL STATER. 
RuGER STEPHEN ON 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Advertiaina: 452-3466 

Hiatus is published ewry 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement [0 the UCSD 
GUARDlAN. Reproduct-ion 
o r use without wri tten 
permission of any portion of 
this magazin" IS a no-no. W" 
welcome unsolicited letters. 
manuscripts. and artwork, but 
assum" no responsibil ity tor 
the return of such. ScnJ 
information [0 : 

HIATUS 
8-016. u. Jolla . CA. 92093 

2 HiclhU Feb. 7,1985 

Contents 
Cover: Dostoyevsky's The 
Possessed is adapted to the 
theater by UCSD's Walt 
Jones, bringing his unique 
sensitivity to the stage. See 
page three. 

A · .., AI ruma bon. ....... paae ~ 
From Gumby to God, La 

Jolla's Animation Festival has 
it all. Join Pokey and Ronnie 
and their friends soon. 

Tenne8see? ........ pale 5 
Two Tennessee Williams 
one~act plays demonstrate the 
directing and acting talent in 
UCSD's drama department. 

Two Young? . . . . . .. pale 9 
Outlaws of the gallery 

scene in La Jolla, the very 
Young brothers are creating a 
legend. 

Artiet Iruight. •• p&lee 6 &. 7 
Goinp On ••• page 11 

FEBRUARY 7-10, 14-17 
8 PM / 7 PM SUNDAY 
$5 - $8 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER 
FOR THE 
PERFOPJAING ARTS 

11Ct<mAr -.£6! UHrm IIO<ll oma 1.NM/IlIIV Mr<I! 00>001([ .no no<cmoN 
\1WM.\m:1\CJ\IOD 

Winl Winl Winl 

lWO l\C\(etS 10 

at the Gym 
February 25 

It·s so easy! 
All you have to do Is send In a 
card with your name, address 
and phone number to Hiatus 
"Thorogood Contest" UCSD, 
8-016, La Jolla, Co. 92093 or 
drop It off at our office, 
Drawing will be held Feb, 19, 
Enter now. For more 
Information call 452-6580 

a lush world . .. 
bursting with energy and fire. 

Presented by San Diego Arts Foundation 
Tickets $10 $16 $28 

Charge by phone 235·9500 

• • 

also available at the Spreckels Theater Box Office 
and at all Ticketron ouUets 

February 8 & 9 at 8:00 p.m. 
February 10 at 2:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. 

That old ttPossessed" Feeling 
By JOAN FORSBERG 

Walt Jones has worn many hats 
during his theatrical career. Since his 
days as a graduate student at the Yale 
Drama School in the mid-1970's, 
Jones has worked as an actor, 
director and playwright for 
productions around the world. 

He no longer acts today. Rather, 
he concentrates on directing, writing 
and teaching. Having been exposed 
to the many facets of the production 
process, Jones brings to his 
directorial work a unique sensitivity 
and understanding for all the artists 
involved in the creation of a 
theatrical event. 

This quarter, Jones is sharing his 
knowledge and experience with 
students in UCSD's drama 
department, where he il serving as a 
visiting professor and is directing his 
stage adaptation of Fyodor 
Dostoyevsky's novel, The PosJeSsed. 

When The Possessed opens this 
evening in the Mandell Weiss 
Theatre, Jones does not know how 
the audience will receive this new 
production, which is based on earlier 
adaptations by Albert Camus and 
Andrzej Wajda. These feelings of 
uncertainty are nothing new to 
Jones, who has directed the world 
premieres of works by Lanford 
Wilson, Derek Walcott, David 
Mamet, Chris Durang and Sam 
Shepard. Jones staged the premiere 
of John Pielmeier's Agnes of God at 
the Actors Theatre of Louisville in 
1980 before it moved to Broadway. 

Jones' impressive list of credits 
includes directorial assignments on 
and off Broadway and in such 
regional theaters as the Philadephia 
Festival Theatre, Alaaka Repertory 
'PIteatle, Yale lle~, Ametic:at\ 
Repertory Theatre and the Arena 
Stage. He received a Drama Desk 
Award nomination for writing and 
directing the 1980 Broadway 
production of The 1940'S Radio 
H01lT, a nostalgic look back at weekly 
radio programs. 

For a director whoee work has 
extended as far as Alaska and Japan, 
Jones had an unlikely start to a 
theatrical career. As an 
undergraduate at the University of 
Florida, Jones was enrolled in a pre-
med program. his studies in science 
and math were undermined, 
however, by his keen interest in 
literature. itA chemistry major and 
an English minor don't really work 
well with each other," he explains. 
So he transferred to the speech 
department. Upon his graduation, 
he planned to become a teacher after 
acquiring .• PhD in speech pathology 
from Northwestern Uni~. 

A perf~ in a ItMciI play 
changed his future aspirations. "My 
role in the play was large, but I didn't 
think it was anything special," Jones 

modestly explains. "A faculty 
member came back stage after the 
pc;rformance, wafted into my 
dressing room, and rather 
mysteriously said, 'Yale School of 
Drama, MFA in Acting' before he 
walked out." 

Jones had an apartment lined up in 
Evanston, Illinois to go to 
Northwestern, but he decided to fill 
out an application for Yale "on a 
whim.l never thought I'd get in, but I 
did," Jones exclaims. "And it 
changed my life." 

At Yale, Jones began his studies as 
an acting student, although everyone 
in the program was exposed to all 
aspects of theater production ftl'm 
design to playwri~~ to per{qrming 
and directinK. Among his classmates 
was Meryl Stteep. 

His decision to become a director 
was again "by accident." In his first 
year, to Jones' good fortune, one of 

~---------------------~-----------, : HAIRCUTS 
: I FOR THE PRICE OF 1 

Includes Shampoo, Cut & Style 
for Two. Each Cut Individually 
Designed. The Expertise of an 
a-year Professional. 

Call BRUCE at Ultimo ... for hair, 
7446 Girard Ave., 454-9612. 
Appointments are neceSSBry. 
Otter good with this ad through 2·' +85 

---------------------~ 

the directing students dropped out. 
"The department asked if there was 
anyone who had aspirations to direct 
and 1 had," Jones says. "I knew that 
directing was not a step up from 
acting, just a step over." 

Jones took that step, and he 
launched a successful career as a 
"freelance director of all kinds of 
plays" upon his graduation from 
Yale in 1975. 

Throughout his profeSSional 
career, Jones has found respite from 
his work in the fast-paced world of 
commercial theater in educational 
settings, where he is able to pass on 
what he has learned to aspiring 
actors and directors, and to stop and 
re-examine his own craft. He taught 
at Yale from 1975 to 1981. "The 
primary concern in the commercial 
theater is making money, making a 
hit," Jones says. "I'm back at the 
university, because I needed a fix of 

the enthusiasm, idealism and 
concern for the material and the 
actor that is present in this 
envi ronment. The actors here are 
not yet jaded by 'The Profession,' 
They don't have to make a livingatit 
yet, so they can still think about the 
art and not the Charmin toilet paper 
commercial that they have to do to 
make ends meet." 

Jones finds the willingness of 
students to be daring in their work _ 
ideal for the Dostoyevsky project on 
which he is currently working. He 
was first drawn to The Possessed as a 
student at Yale where Polish film 
·director Andnej Wajda was working 
on an adaptation from Albert 
Camus' original stage version of this 
700-page "monster of a book.l have 
always felt that Dostoyevsky was a 
playwright addressed as a novelist 
and that his books were more like 
plays," Jones says. "His novels are 
more of a succession of dialogues, of 
scenes where all of the characters are 
brought together with all of the 
tricks of the theater." 

The version of The Possessed, to 
which UCSD audiences will be 
treated, is Jones' personal adaptation 
of the novel using the successful 
elements from each of the earlier 
versions along with his own 
responses to the book. Set in Russia 
during a period of social unrest, 
Dostoyevsky studies the alienated 
radicalism, violence and terrorism 
that swept his country on the eve of 
the Revolution. "It is a story of 
nihilism. Russia had lost faith in 
everything. It was a despairing 
society where there was no faith and 
no God, and, therefore, anarchy 
reigned," Jones explains. The vision 
of fa na tici sm and treachery 
surrounding acts of terrorism is as 
relevant to today's society as it was 
when it was originally written in 
1872. 

Jones' sojourn at UCSD has 
largely been possible because this 
native of the East recently relocated 
to California, where he has 
established a home for his wife and 
seven month old daughter near San 
Francisco. This change in coasts was 
motivated by his desire to change 
theatrical mediums and work more 
in the television and film industry. 

He is currently writing, with his 
wife, a screen version of Kurt 
Hamsun's novel, Hunger. However, 
his love for the stage will take him 
back to New York this fall to direct 
John Pielmeier's new play, Sleight of 
Hand, on Broadway. For the future, 
Jones hopes to find himself a base 
like UCSD where he can continue 
directing, while teaching and writing. 

The Possessed will be performed 
tonight through February 17. For 
ticket information, call the Weiss 
Center Ticket Office at 452-4574. 

Friday, Febl'llary 8 
8-12 am 

Revelle Cafe 
I, /1 
I "" -Win a free trip lor two / 1 
I " to San Francisco- / / / " 
\ includes: Roundtrip airfare. hmouslne service to airport , 1od9ng at Fisherman's Wharf / 

" " ' '" .... _ _ _ _ - - - AdmISSIon & One Raffle TICket $1.00 _ - - .- ..c. ___ -' 

Feb. 7, 1985 HunUl 3 



Insanity and 
• • anImatIon 

on parade 
By RONA HU 

Once again, the Festival of 
Animation is in town to enlighten, 
amuse and entertain. This year, the 
Festival features 16 short pieces by 
the best and brightest stars of 
animation, claymation and related 
arts. 

And as usual, capacity crowds are 
turning up at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art, proving once 
again that there is an audience for 
creative, non-commercial endeav-
ors. Remembering the success of 
previous years, this year's audience 
expected a show of wit and 
brilliance, often humorous and 
occasionally sublime. They were not 
disappointed. 

Occasionally sublime? Well, yes. 
The animation featured here is a far 
cry from the standard Saturday 
morning cartoon fare. A case in 
point is the US premiere of Paradise 
by Isu Patel and George Uinger, a 
visually stunning bit of artistry billed 
as a top contender for the Academy 
Awards this year. The 15 minute 
film took two years to make, using as 
many as 35 passes in one frame. The 
care lavished on Paradise pays off 
beautifully, with magically 
shimmering jewelled castles, birds 
and flowers in intense watercolors, 
and detailed scenes of astonishing 
depth . All this, plus a hauntin~ 

The bcJddest bilcer. in town, Ron and Nancy, go jar a .pin in the British "Spitting Image-" 

musical score ("The Lonely 
Shepherd" played on Hungarian 
pan-pipes) for a rather common-
place fable about being happy with 
what you are. 

Along the same lines of "serious" 
(meaning "not intended to be 
humorous") art is Creation by Will 
Vinton. The fluid, expressive visuals 
in this dramatization of Genesis are 
especially remarkable considering 
that the piece is done entirely in a 
form of claymation. There is also an 
accompanying narration, delivered 

UC SAN mEGa 
INTERNATIONAL 

fIL~ERIES 
198 5 

"VISUALLY THE FILM IS A MASTERPIECE ... 
'le Crabe Tambour' combines breathtaking visual 

power with intellectual complexity." - Jack Kroll. Newsweek 

JEAN ROCHEFORT · JACQUES PERRIN' CL AUDE RICH 
and JACQUES DUFILHO In A Film by PIERRE SCHOENDOERFFER 

Screenplay Adapted by JEAN-FRANCOIS CHAUVEL and PIERRE SCHOENDOERFFER 
Cinematography by RAOUL COUTARD . MUSIC by PHILIPPE SARDE 

From the novel by Produced by GEORGES DE BEAUREGARD Dtsilibultd bV __ 
PIERRE SCHOENDOERFFER ( WINNER OF THE ACAOEMIE) NICOLE JOUVE INTERAMA 

FRANCAISE PRIZE 

February 12, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $5.00, Stu. & Sr. 53.00 . 
... _<i>ll~£'mDN· &: UCSD Box Office: 452-4559_ ... 
4 HiatIU Feb. 7, 1985 

in James Earl jones's most resonant 
tones, but I think that the poetry of 
shifting, swirling shapes could have 
stood just as well on its own. 

Claymation, the technique of 
animation using stop action footage 
of clay models, has come a long way 
since its crude beginnings. Art 
Clokey's classic Gumby is 
represented here in a clip from 1967. 
Then there is Lunch from Casba 
Varga of Hungary. In one of the 
highlights of the Festival, an 
adorable, occasionally slightly gross 

little creature bustles around its 
kitchen making mutant noises (and 
also, presumably, lunch). What the 
little ghoulie does with a chicken leg, 
onions and peas is hilarious, as are 
the numerous lunchtime mishaps, 
such as cutting one's arm into neat 
Ii ttle slices. 

Another wildly original, 
disgustingly funny romp is Anijam. 
Apparently, Marv Newland and 22 
animators each worked on separate 
sections of the film, not knowinli! 

pleaIe tum to page 10 

r---------------------------------~ 
$2.00 OFF ANY LARGE PIZZA 
$1.00 OFF ANY MEDIUM PIZZA 

IN OUR DINING ROOM OR TAKE-OUT 
NO LIMIT TO NUMBER OF PIZZAS 

EUAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

FREE UCSD DELMRY 

HOURS: 
MON - THURS 11-11 PM 

FRI & SAT 11-1 AM 

Californian. 

I'recbloll -'file CIIU for _ '" (,.". '}8) 
I'recbloll ,,'e , .... for -.. '10 (reg. '/j) 

Dlm:tIolUl pcnru ,~, (reg. 140) Sc"'J1ffUe4 lUI,. ,,,.,, .. ) $I. (reg. $.tO) 
"""Cllrc ~ h"lcurc 'U(fflg. 1]8) Cd'.IIIMe '15 (fflg. '25) 

Olle Ito"r /K'" _ ,~ (teg. "5) 
One IttHu ...... ,,_ ';U (teg. IJ5) 

SpecI"lm In black hair 
A {u 1/ ~ro/Ct »Ion 

7608 Undl VIst.J lid. (I'ftM COIl. Dr. ~ 16J) lQ ... , 
f'/e", J/IIOII ({omrtrlIJ u Jolla Cutting Co.) 757 f'wt St..u Jolla 

456-1170 U6·18/j 
SptC"ls good with Mi with seltJC~d slJIlisu through 2/21 /Bl 

Tragedies of Tennessee 
By ~RT SALAZAR 

T atk to me like the rain . .. and let me 
listen, directed by ROM Waumnan, 
and This Property is Condemned, 
directed by Michael Kantor, are two 
one .. ct playa by Tenneuee Williama 
which will be preaented this Friday 
and Saturday at 8:30 pm in the 
Warren Studio 409. 

They have similar contrasts. Each 
play has only two characters. a man 
and woman; they are limple people 
yet larger than life. What they say 
doesn't chanae the world in anyway, 
yet it is mind-expanding; they speak 
in plain convenation yet 
significantly. _ They are not 
"normal;" they do not fit in yet are 
believable. Their problems, created 
in 1939, abound in our country 
today. 

In the first play of the repertory, 
Wassennan has enviaioned two 
worn out, tired lovers who are 
sensual and erotic, and while all they 
share is a wann embrace on stage. 
they are having sex. 

As the sound of steady rainfall 
becomes musical, the quiet greatness 
of this performance achieves 
rhapsody. What is meant to be 
private, two people 'I 1011 of 
romantic comfort, we eavesdrop 

upon with voyeuristic pleasure. 
To our benefit, th<»e involved in 

both productions have done their 
homework. Williaml is the 
champion of the down and out. In 
both plays, the audience is provoked 
because the message of hiting rock 
bottom is known by everyone. As 
one, we are challenged, for the only 
direction to take is to climb to better 
heights. Our college theater. 
recopliJed as one of the best in the 
country, ought to produce more 
serious theater of this quality, the 
kind that hits dOle to home. rather 
than manure like V mice Preserved. 
Not that the play itself is worthleas-
it just isn't as accessible. 

In the second bill, Kantor has 
direcm:i a play addressing the 
tragedy of child abuse, the lack of 
parental love and its results. His two 
actors are condemned properties in 
themselves-there is a black girl, a 
fucinating victim, carrying a "crazy 
doll" around (hints of voodoo). In 
that doll there exists the core of the 
child abuse topic: "I'm afraid to 
wash (the doll), for it might all come 
apan" says the blade lirl with 
allegory. The second actor is also a 
minority-both are total nrlsAts and 
outcasts. Aren't we all? 

-

I3f)VIS , 
I3~A[) 

C(). 
....... _'ectlon 01 beeds 

& findings lor the tashJon 
duJgner ........ 
...-, . 

• AnIIque buds tram 
aI'OLftd 1he ~ far the 
c:oIIeaDr. 

65Z fifth Ave., s.n DI9 
.... the G.,mp a...r 

Mon.-sa. 1O.....s:JO pm 
.... 03. ' 

.-____ wtTHTHSItl) _____ , 

1_" 28 1 :dna SIoourl d1,lfairl 
I frozen 
: ~ogurt creations 

ifor1 
Illy one ImIIIICI'YIng 

end ,. one FREEl 

• WE ALSO HONOR All. 
YOOJRT PARlOR COUPONS 

1030 T~ Pines Rd. 1774 Gomet A~nue 
at Herschel P«ific ~«h 

La Jolla 483-5-483 
45· .... 969 bl'lrc Frb 12. /IN5 

... - - - - ONE PER OJSTcw.ER- - - _I. 
Feb. 7, 1985 Hianu 5 



HACC AL 
NIGHTCWB MUSIC NOTES • 56C)..8022 

WEDNESDAY THROUCH SAnJRDAY 
With s""dal guests: 

T HURSDAY, February7-ELECTRIC SONS 
FRIDAY, F~bruar)'K-SYNDICATE OF SOUL 

SATURDAY, February !I-ELECTRIC SONS 
WEDNESDAY, F~bruar)' I:I-RECKLESS 

"C .. me 5e< huw much weillht the Heat Farme" haw lost eatmll su,hl at our fabuluu, sushI bar" 

TONIGHT, Thursday. Fehruary j 
lADIES' 
HAPPV 
HOUR 
from 5-9 pm 0011 every 
MONDAY f",m 6-12 miJnij(ht with the 
twelve I!reatest "Mr. Good BoM' 
in Southern California 

~IDAY, Februa,y H. (rom 5-9 pm 

11X ~tAiwith 
DEAN ~ JONES (as Dr. XI 
Kamikazes91C . beer & wine 25( 
NO COVER BEFORE 8P111 

SUNDAY, February \0 
CWBREGGAE 
featuring 
CREATION REBEL 

11JESDAY, Fehnlilry 12. K I'm 
MOSEALUSON 
liluesl Jazz le!!end. With 
RICK GAZlAY ~ HIS 
BW E ZOO REVIEW 

WEDNESDAY, Fellrual)' 1:1 
• 11 fM 
101 NIGHT WIth 

nil! IIkINNES-n CHT LEUKEI11A NIGHT 
to benefit the T.J . Martell Fund. 
PRIZES INCWDE: 7 (t rool tahle murt.s)" 
of Ilacciklnal - Sid ".cation (or 2 10 Vail 
courtesy of Frontier Airlines and 1..1 Costa Tour.;. 
Plus the Heat Farmer Celehrity Auction 

8022 CWREMONT MESA (BETWEEN HWY. 163. 80S) 

6 Hun," Feb. 7, 1985 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

COLUMBIA ARTISTS 

AI11erican 

nThe theatre rocked with laughter. n 
N.Y. TIMes 

February 21, Thursday, 8:00 p.m . 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $9.00, Students S5.00 
UCSD Fac/StafJ & Sr. Cit. $7.00 

TKMi'IN!N-(jT£Li1MN-
...... __ ~U-=CS=D=- Box Office: 452-4559 __ ____ 

Del monte 

-_-..- ... -_ .... _-_ . ..,-,. 
~ ....... -.. -.,--. 
, .............. .,..-
....... 

EVERY ENTRY a:!':11 
WINS ~=~~ 

ovo to, ... MaElINALU •• 'NlMt 
Available at: University Book Store 

Feb. 7, 1985 H....... 7 



TOIOGHI'. Thursday, February 7 9 pm 

QJeen ~ Zydeco 

Q..een kIo.nd her 'OI'idU~nd bring II..w _my_IO"'" 1IeIy~, The", ... lot 01 thing. ,n Zyct.e.eo~ . The COle IS . and R(,B. but youc.n eI.soh8reltlleju&. alitlle CeribbHn, . hnie 
counlty and a ItttJe rock (" . "Come set the ~!'" 

Friday, February 8 9:30 pm 
Reggae mus'" 

Saturday, February 9 9: 15 pm 
NoSlalgic R('R with 

THE JIIIAR DELa 

Sunday, February 10 8 pm 
Texas rh)thm (. blues 

PALADII'IS 

THE PALADINS 
and special guests 'ftD IlODDT and JIIIUUt POUAC& 

Monday, February II 9 pm 
Noslalgic R('R with 

THEMARDELS 

THE 
"G.T." 

BENEFI'I' 
All proceeds go towards medo<:al bits ~ G, T.; keyboardist for Rebel 

Rockers, Fo·Mo. (. Talk Back. Show witl feature: ~ ROCURS. 
II'ITI!RNADONIU. REGGAE AU. STAllS. PO-lIIO. TAUlIlACI(. 

BAIlIIARA PAGI! and JACK JIIILI.EIl. (I"inimum donation $5) 
reDrua", 13 9 pm 

(. Tocketmaster 
KIFM98 
"lights Out Jau" 
proudly welcome 

WAYNE 
JOHNSON 
TRIO 

Coming: Thursday, February 14 9 pm 

., nlEtineMAiiELS " 
(couples in '50s attire wiD get in for Y.I price) 

Coming: 
Friday (. Saturday. DCNII~ 
February 15 (. 16- I'ItIYATEioaM_Olicago bluesman 

Thursday, February 21 - IIUGIIIT.JOI! .. MIlD 
Saturday, February 23-~~~ ......... end 

Sunday, February 24- * =.oo....aT G 'IUM '" 
...--..,. .. 

Wednesday. February 27 -~5l 0::: m\:&,.;ew 
Thursday. February 28-~...,...» - '"Ull UII1'IIend 

.,.. caoca •• " end TIR 
IlAlGATOIlS 

FIla AFI'DIIOOII CfM+ •• ,. 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DAYS 1'1 WEEK TO 7 PM 

Friday, 5:3OaOO pm- CIDCAGO 8m 
Wednesday, 6:008:30 pm- 8TONE'8T1111OW 

Bon·VO)Olge patty. See !he t.nd of( on !heir 7 w.Ic 
l.ow! &.t Cruile. 

THE BELLY UP CAPE 
JIIlONDAY IUGtrI' U'ECIAL'" i'III; _ ............. 

Super hot dog $1.25. Super chiI dog '1.7!) 
featuring our "Sprow 10 Knlw" garnish bel' 

(includes generous portion 01 our IMnous 2 .a.rm <:hili) 

FORINFOlUlAllGNCA"481·9022 
14:1 SOOTH CEDROS AVE. 80LVIA aACII. CA .:1075 

8 HiafUl Feb. 7, 1985 

The Brothers of 
Saint ~I's School 
preached against vice. 
lust and disrespect. 
Hut that 
never stopped 
these guys. 

Heaven belp us 
If God had wanted them In be angels. He would have given them wi'9, 

HIIO PICTURES IN ASSOCIATION WITH SILVER SCRfEN FMTNERS PRfSENTS 
A MAAK CARUNER~ WlCUTOW PROOUCTION HEAVEN HElP US • ANDREW McCARTHY 

MARY STUAAT MAS1BISON ·KEVlN DILLON 'MALCOlM DANARf' KATI REID 
WiWACE SHI'INN • JOHN HfAIID AS nMOTHY AND DONALD Sl1TliERlAND'''''':I JAMES HORNER 
-= O:SM~'--: DAN WlGUTOW AND MARK CARUNER .~ MICHAEL DINNER~ 
/RI-urw=:=.-i ._,_.!..~~ 

• STARTS fRIDAY, fEBRUARY 8 AT 
A SPECIALLY SELECTED THEATRE 

NEAR YOU. 

ICGI·FM 
10' 

AND U.C.S.D. POP EVENTS WELCOMES 

and the 
Belaware Destroyers 
MAVERICK TOUR 

FEBRUARY 25-8 P.M. 
U.C.S.D. GYM 

TICKETS ., . ......... "' ... lE "T U C S O . • OX OFFICE. "ll nCUTRON 
"NO TtCKETMAlTER OUTLETS. '011 MORE ''''0 ' "3 .. Ut 

A' MAY CO ftilPIoHl MAO JAC. S 'l"ZA 
A LIMITED HUMBER OF $1000 lIC_ITS FOR U C 5 D STUDENTS ARE Mu I( SHom '''0 fl(f' E),CJt o\~cr 
AVAILA8LE AT THE. U C S 0 lOX OfnCf TIC.ET OUTLET ONLY TI(IU MASlElI [ HUf.t "'" ')1 1»00 

In La jolla's art scene. you 
can never be too Young 

By CHRISTOPHER CAN OLE 
The Young Brothers, desperados local artists is a great direction Hugh 

of La Jolla art galleries, opened their Davies is taking as curator of the La 
latest exhibition of local artists. Jolla Museum; a real down to earth 
which include some of the artists action." 
who will be featured in the La Jolla "We have done what local 
Museum of Contemporary Art's galleries claim was the impossible," 
controversial show of San Diego said James. "The desparate and poor 
artists. artists have come to the desperados 

"I'm glad they put Mark. Lugo in of art in this town." When James 
the show so he couldn't critique it," speaks on art, patrons in a local bar 
said James Young. Young felt the turn to listen to his excited 
inclusion of Lugo, the fine art editor commenta·ries. "We want to serve as 
and art critic for the Evening Tribune, intermediaries between local artists 
was an obvious conflict of interest and museums; cut through the 
and a continuation of the elitism in elitism. Get on a person to person, 
the local art community. Though artist to artist, level. Cut the politics. 
James and his brother John question Break. the starving artist syndrome." 
some of the museum's selections. Like a legend of the Old West, the 
they said, "The idea of patronizing twins were born in Hollywood on 

May 5, the date, James proudly 
points out, on which Napoleon died 
and Karl Marx was born. By the age 
of four, the twin brothers were 
singing together for the local art 
community. James remembers Al 
Taliaferro, creator of Disney's 
Donald Duck, telling them tales of 
the west. 

The Young family rode into La 
Jolla in 1959 and the next year the 
brothers heard the Rev. Dr. Martin 
Luther King speak at San Diego State 
on the responsibilities of all brothers 
and sisters in our communities 
towards helping each other. 

Visiting Guadalajara, the 14-year 
old brothers found the inspiration 
King spoke hanging in an orphanage, 
the painting "Man on Fire" by 
Orosco. The summer following 

University Events Office presents 

A Special Sneak Preview of 

Columbia Pictures' 

February 11, Monday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free passes must be picked-up in advance 
___ at the UCSD Box Office: 452-4559_ ....... 

graduation from La Jolla High in 
1969, they sought out as much art as 
they could absorb in museums 
throughout Europe . Then the 
brothers began college, but they 
were seeking something that could 
not be found in books. For the first 
time in their twin lives, they took 
separate steps, James to India and 
John to New Zealand. 

Like all legends, the next few years . 
are obscured by journeys to 
mysterious places, all the while 
experiencing how the local 
community affects an artis t 's 
sensibilities. 

When the brothers reunited in La 
Jolla, they began writing songs and 
singing together. In 1984 their 
parents died, "Leaving us with 
enough to decide to do something 
for our community," said James. 
They invested their inheritance in 
converting a studio apartment on 
Girard into an art gallery. "The first 
year was awful because we lacked 
confidence and background in 
selling art," James said. " But then we 
decided to just start belieVing in 
ourselves. " 

Support for their efforts carne 
pleGae tum to pa.e 10 

The ~partment of Literature presents 
Frederick William Turner III 

Regents' Lecturer in February 

Frederick William Turner lIl, a one-time university professor 
whose passion for Jazz and the environment led him to a free-
lance writing career will give two pubUc lectures this month. 

Tuesday. February 12 
7:30 pm. International Center 

Reception to Follow 
Origins of New DTleans }att: Sight 1I Sound 

Wedneiday, February 20 
8:00 pm. TLH 104 

Muir in the Mountains 

In addition he will conduct a colloquium on February 19 at ~:OO 
pm in Third College Humanities Building. roo~ 142, entitled 

"My life as a Freelance Wnter. 

For further information call the 
Literature Department, 452-3214 

Feb. 7, 1985 HiGcu. 9 



Animation 
concinued from page .. 
what came before or after their own 
segment. A chubby beastie named 
Foska is the only continuity in the 
resulting sequence of what could be 
interpreted as drug *indu c ed 
hallucinations of a collection of 
deranged minds. Again, another 
highlight of the festival. 

Wicked humor does seem to be a 
forte among these animators. Works 
by Spitting Image for British 
television harpoon a variety of 
political figures: Soviets playing "I 
Spy" at a military show*of*force 
parade ("I spy with my little eye 
something beginning with Y," "Yet 
another tank"), Prince Andrew 
telling the gory details of his sexual 
exploits to a bemused Prince Philip, 
Margaret Thatcher and her 
hairdresser, etc. While American 
viewers may not have caught all of 
the jokes in the understandably 
British*slanted skits, they quickly 
responded to barbs directed against 
Reagan, depicted as "Papa Do Ron 
Ron" riding a . motorcycle to 
appropriate music ("He went into 
Grenada with his head held high .. . 
the only problem is he can't 

remember why.") 
But not all of the humor is sharp 

and biting. There Is, for example, the 
innocuous dementia of Sing Bea5t 
Sing (another Marv Newland 
number) with so much pointless 
panning across from a green piano* 
playing monster hipster to his buzzed 
out friend that you may laugh against 
your will. Then there is plenty of 
gentle wit in pieces for or about 
children . Back by popular demand, 
Vincent is about a little boy who 
wants to become Vincent Price and 
dreams of doing sinister things a la 
Edgar Allen Poe (the story, animated 
by Tim Burton and Rick Heinricks 
and produced by Disney Studios, is 
actually narrated by Vincent Price 
himself). 

A child's imagination also 
provides the material for the utterly 
charming The Sweater by Sheldon 
Cohen. Roch Carriere relates, in a 
delightfully rich and thick accent, a 
true recollection from his boyhood 
in Ste. Justine, Q),lebec. It seems that 
the young Roch and all his friends in 
the small French~anadian town 
worship a particular hockey player 
to the point of all wearing identical 
sweaters with the number nine on 
the back. Roch's mother, not 
understanding, buys him a new 
sweater from-Mon Dieu ! 
Horreur!-the rival team from 

Toronto and forces hims to wear it. 
The creative visual puns and 
characterizations make this film one 
of my personal favorites. I hope it 
may come back, as Vincent did, for 
next year. 

Sound was an essential 
component of almost all these 
works, but some in particular were 
built around music. Puppy Does the 
Gumbo by Catherine Hardwicke 
Introduces a new dance move to 
funky music. And Annabelle Janke! 
pays homage to the inimitable Elvis 
Costello in Accidents Will Happen, a 
more*Creative-than-rock-video, ani* 
mated intepretation of a super song. 

But enough laid. Any attempt at 
description can't do justice to the 
creative genius of these animators, 
and many works have not even been 
mentioned. You have until February 
1 + to see for yourself what piCks up 
where Flintsrones leaves off. There 
will be shows from this Friday until 
next Thursday, excluding 
Wednesday, at 7 and 9:30 pm with 
additional matinees on Sunday. 
Tickets are available for $5 at the 
UCSD ticket office, odor $5.50 and 
$6 at the door of the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. For 
more information, call 454*2594. 
But don't miss this show, or you'll 
have to wait a whole year to see 
anything like it again. 

Where there's growth, 
there '5 opportunity. 
A career at Western Digital 
means outstanding opportunity 
for your personal and profes-
sional advancement. We are a 
young and thriving company-
one of the fastest-growing in the 
computer/electronics industry, with 
sales of $113 million in 1984 alone. 
Our strength of achievement is 
the result of our unique expertise 
and understanding in two key 
technologies: Storage Management 
and Communication Techniques. 
From these two technologies, more 
than 150 Western Digital products 
have evolved, including MOSNLSI 
components and digital systems. 

When you become part of our 
1,900-strong work force, you'll 
enjoy the freedom of an environ-
ment that invites creativity . . . and 
allows you to work on projects 
that challenge and stimulate ... 
from start to finish. You'll get the 
high visibility and recpgnition 
required to advance your career 
as quickly and as far as your 
talent can take you. 

10 Hiarw Feb. 7, 1985 

If you're ready to apply your fresh 
outlook to state-of-the-art 
technology, Western Digital offers 
a wide range of exceptional 
opportunity. We are currently 
seeking graduates in the follow-
ing areas: 
• Engineering 
• Computer Science 
• MarketinglTechnical Support 
Located in South Orange County, 
California, between Los Angeles 
and San Diego, you'll find a lifestyle 
hard to beat. Close to the ocean and 
mountain skiing, with limitless social 
and cultural activities abounding. 

Please visit your campus 
Placement Center to register for 
an interview. Or, for more 
information, write to: 

2445 McCabe Way 
Irvine, CA 92714 

Too Young 
continued from pa.e 9 
from Richard Reilly, curator of the 
Copley Gallery. Reilly purchased all 
prints of their second show and three 
paintings from the current group 
exhibition which includes La Jolla 
artists Tim Bessel, Joe Bender, Girts 
Langins, Harley Gaber, Esme 
Thompson, ltalo Scanga, Alfredo 
Antignini, Diane Brei twieser, 
George Mattson, Frank Dixon, 
Kathleen Marshall, Carolus 
Verhaeren and San Diego artists 
Conchita Amata, Teresa Mill and 
Lisa Harper. 

James sees the future of the J. 
Young Gallery in the same spirit of 
the Kroes' commitment to the San 
Diego Padres. "San Diego is starting 
to mature as a city . What the Krocs 
did for sports here, we hope to do for 
art. 

Need a Date? 
Meet that special person through 
the comprehensive Hiatus Dating 
Network. Don't spend TGs alone 
anymore. 452-6580. 

NOTICE OF COASTAL 
COMMISSION 

PUBUC HEARING 

A Public Hearing will be held on 
Thursday. February 14. 1985 at 9:00 am 
in the State Office Building. Room 1194, 
350 McAllister Street, San Francisco, 
California. on the application of the 
University of California, San Diego for 
construction of an eight-story. approxi-
mately 214.000 square foot engineering 
laboratory and office building. The I 
project will be located on the University 
of California, San Diego Campus, on 
the nOM side of Miramar Road. 
approximately 2,000 feet west of Inter-. 
state 5, La Jolla. 

Coastal Commission Project Number 
is 6-84-647. 
The project application is available 

for public review at the Commission's 
office, 6154 Mission Gorge Road, Suite 
220. San Diego, CA 92120. 

- Goings on 
A must ace tonight is Qpeen 

Ida at the Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach. If you were 
unlucky and couldn't get in to 
the Revelle Cafeteria last year to 
ace her and her band, you misaed 
something quite spedal and have 
been given a second chance. 
Zydeco music, a "gumbo" of 
Cajun and R &. B primarily with 
a little jazz, Caribbean, counrry 
and rock and roll, is what her and 
her Bon Tempi Zydeco Band 
perform, and they are certainly 
one of the best at it. For a sure* 
fire.stomping*dancing time, 
don't miss out on this show. 481* 
9022. 

", ", ", 

If zydeco music isn't your bag, 
then you can always cart yourself 
to other local shows around 
town. Tonight, yes this 
Thursday, two UCSD banda are 
performing at different clubs. 
Local carib-boys, Umbo Slam, 
will be playing their own brand 
of "gumbo" aka·rock at the 
Rock Pahce at 30465 El Cajon 
Blvd. alolli with The Acceuor* 
ies, who term their music skate· 
rock. If you'd rather listen to 
music with a beer in your hand, 
or are at the other side of town, 
you can check out localsoulboys 
The Fan Club at the Spirit Club 
at 1130 Buenos St. with The 
Eyes and JUests Detour. I know 
you're just ready to get out of 
your dorm, so the choice is 
yours. 

", ", 

The Adventure. of 
RobinIon Cnuoe, a 1952 
Mexican film adaptation of the 
novel by Daniel Defoe, screens 

Check it out 

BVRONAHU 
Mandeville Auditorium is the place to be this Saturday, 

Feb. 9, as jazz violinist Jean*Luc Ponry graces UCSD with 
two shows (8 and 10:30 pm). For ardent Panty fans, this 
is a chance to see the master, live, in an intimate setting. 
For those who aren't in the know, it'sa chance to discover 
what can be done with electric violins, synthesizers, 
rhythm computers and what*have-you. From Upon the 
Wings of Music to his latest Open Mind, the ever creative 
Ponry has released 11 critically acclaimed albums in the 
United States and has contributed to many more. He is, 
quite simply, the virtuoso and originator of this particular 
brand of jazz-rock*fusion. 

Even as you read this, ardent fans (and believe me, all of 
Jean*Luc's fans are ardent) are flocking for the privilege of 
sharing a few fleeting hours with Ponty. As a matter of 
fact, even as you read this, the tickets, previously available 
at the UCSD Box Office, have probably sold out, if fans 
are quite as ardent as the\' have been in the past. If not, 
tickets are $11.50 for lucky UCSD students and $13.50 
for everyone else. . 

Wednesday, Feb. 13, at 7:30 in 
the La Jolla Museum', Mexican 
series of films by director Luis 
Buenuel (yes, you visual an 
students, the man who made La 
Chien Anda/ow). 454"{)267. 

-', -', ", 

On Friday, Robert Zelick* 
man, lecturer on the UCSD 
music faculty, presents "The 
Clarinet and Friends," featuring 
works of Zenakikis. Milhaud, 
Poulenc and UCSD composer 
Joji Yuasa. The show will be in 
the Recital Hall at B pm. 

-', " , -', 

Bejart BaUet of the 20th 
Century, the founh exciting 
dance company presented by the 
San Diego Arts Foundation's 
"Dandn' at the Spreckels '84· 
X'85" series, makes its San 
Diego debut tomorrow through 
Sunday at the Spreckels Theater, 
121 Broadway. Tickets are 
available at the theater's box 
office and aU Ticketron outlets. 
235·9500. 

", ", ", 

Two exhibitions on public 
sculpture will be on view from 
Saturday until March 10 in the 
Mandeville Art Gallery. The two 
works featured are Beyond the 
Monument, a documentation 
of the work of 16 American 
artistll who have created or 
planned public art projects, and 
The UCSD Stuart Collection, 
an exhibition of proposals 
recei ved for its ten*year project 
of on·campus sculpture 
installations. There will be a 
public reception Friday, Feb. 8, 
from 6 to 8 pm. at Mandeville. 

The San DielJ) premiere of 
Pierre Schoendoerffer's Le 
Crabe Tambour will be shown 
on Tuesday as pan of the 
International Film Series at 
Mandeville . Schoendoerffer's 
film is a romantic film composed 
of tales of an enigmatic French 
naval officer in Indochina during 
the '50s. 452~559. 

", ", ", 

Wednesday, in the Mandeville 
auditorium, will be an evening of 
traditional Irish music 
performed by famed The 
Chief tan. . Appearing on 
Saturday Nigh! Litle, The 
Chief tans are recognized 
worldwide as authentic 
upholders of rraditional Irish 
music as performed with 
rraditional instruments. Back 
after appearing in Mandeville a 
few years ago, you should not 
miss this concert, even if you 
swear by Twisted Sister. You'll 
certainly leave with a magical 
feeling. 452~559. 

", " , ", 

Plus an eXtTa special event. A 
raging birthday bash for Chnty 
Y. Wada will commence on 
Saturday, in honor of her 2 ht 
year on Earth. The festivities will 
get underway around 8 pm. Stop 
by the La Jollan Apanments, 
#2728 on Torrey Pines Rd. See 
you there. 

", ", ", 

Happy Hour at UCSD? 
Assorted Vinyl is featuring 
Happy Hour specials on selected 
records every Friday from 4·5 
pm in the Student Center. 452* 
4559. 
-Compiled by Roddy Bogawa 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

RAY BAN 
WAYFARER 

r--------------------I Sell .... 1IIMft ..... I 

I:::" $25.001 
I ted. IDhlte I 
I I 
- - with "lis COIlf'O" Fod through 2· J.3-8.5 - -

WE GlJARAIU!E mE LOwrBT 
SDftGIASS PRlas 

Open 1 -/If .. d nlpa 
Old Ton 2461 s.r DIego AIle. (lYut to Old Town ~ CIt(e) 812~9 

r..cIaIIM 1.~ first st. (LumbelJllld Shopping CentM) M2~.ss7 
.. JoIII10J0 J'cJmW nnu Rd. (Ifut to Yogurt A/fIIr) 45' 1006 

CIaIreIBoIIt 461~ a.ilMlont Dr. a.imnont SqUM! SItopplng Center 171 .... 
For oa... Ioc8I1oM .. fOIl. all lite IIIMwe ..... 

February 13,Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A, $10.00, Students $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit. $8.00 

{i)~m\DN· 
& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

Feb. 7, 1985 Hi4cIu 11 



BRIEFS EAR)f 
WARREN 
COLLEGE 

A Warren College Publication, University of California, San Diego 
., ... "_."IUIr ..... "_ ,,~-- ..... --..' 

DID YOU KNOW? ....... . 
55% OF ADULT 

AMERICANS ARE 
VOLUNTEERS 

"The need for an active, 
mformed citizenry is as important 
today in thi nation as it has been 
at any time since our founding-and 
will continue to be so in the future. 
The individual acts of caring and 
sharing that constitme what we caD 
volunteering know no historic or 
generational limits. They always 
have happened, wherever there 
are caring people. They must 
continue to happen if we are to live 
humanely and peacefully with 
ourselves and with each other." 

-Kenn Allen 
President, Volunteer 

Reprinted from Voluntary Action 
Leadership, 1984 

lSI The Gallup Poll Organization 
For more information on the 
Warren College Volunteer Program 
contact the Dean's Office, x473l. 

ASK NOT WHAT YOUR 
COLLEGE CAN DO FOR 
YOU ... 

A college is only as good as its 
students. It can give only as much 
as students are willing to put in. 
Consider the value of a diploma 
from Warren College, where the 
higher academic standards attract 
the brightest students. Each of us 
individually benefits from the 
prestige of our college But pan of 
this prestige rests on sn'dent's 
active panicipation in student 
leadership pOSitions. 

Warren College Orientation 
Leaders play one of the most 
critical roles: introducing new 
students to the college. As the first 
contact the student has with the 
institution , the impression made 
by the OL determines the 
students's perception of the 
College. 

As an OL, you make up the 
foundation of that supponive 
institution . Only with your help 
can it be o f sound structure. 
Apply for the position of... 
Warren Orientation Leader 
The volunteer experience oj a II etlme! 
Deadline: Wed., February 13, 1985 

Jeanne Bumpus 
Former Student 

Onentation Coordinator 

WARREN APARTMENTS HAPPENINGS 

RA SELECTION FOR '85-86 NOW UNDERWAY 
If you're interestd in being an RA next year, now is the time to get staned. You 

should pick up a job referral slip from the Student Employment Office and bring it 
to the Resident Dean's Office, where you can get an application packet. 

Be sure to attend one of the mandatory infonnation !aSions, either Thursday, 
February 7, at 7:00 pm, or Monday, February 11, at 7:00 pm. Both sessions will be 
held in the Warren Commons Building. . 

The. dudlinc for receipt of applications and letters of recommendation is 
Friday, February 22, at 5:00 pm. 

50's SOCK HOP 
Pull on your wildest pair of socks and join in a 50's Sock Hop from 8 to midnight 

at the Warren Commons on February 15. There will be dancing and costume 
contests, refreshments, and lots of fun . 

VALENTINE'S DAY FLOWER-GRAMS 
can be ordered [or $1 each [or those special people in the Warren Apartments. Call 
RAs Carol , Judy, or Sue [or more details. 

BLOOD DRIVE 
You can donate blood in the convenience o[ your own apanrnent complex on 

Friday, February 22, from 10:00 am umil3:00 pm. You can make an appointmem at 
the Re:,idem Dean's Office if your schedule is tight, oryou can just drop in (forgive 
the pun). Warrell'S Blood Drive was a great success last year. Let's keep up this 
worthy tradition! 

FILM SERIES FOR BlACK HISTORY MONTH 
February is Black History Month , and the Black Student Union and Warren 

College's 4C are combining their e[[ons for this film series. 
Thurs., Feb. 7 Black HIStory: Lost, Stolen, or Stra~d? 
Thurs., Feb. 14 The Autobiography oj Miss Jane Pittman 
Thurs., Feb. 21 Pinkie 
Thurs., Feb. 28 Nothing but a Man 
These films will all be shown in the Warren Commons Building. 

NUTRITION FOR COlLEGE STUDENTS 
ationaUy known nutritionist and author Candy Cumming will present a 

workshop on nutrition for college students at 7pO pm, Wednesday, February 20, in 
the Warren Commons Building. Don't miss out on this engaging and extremely 
knowledgeable speaker. 

BROOM BALL 
T earns are now being formed in each building [or the Warren Apanments 

Broomball Tournament, to be held March 5, March 6, and March 12. COSt is $2 per 
person, and you are guaranteed to play at least two games. Talk to your RA abow 
getting on one of the tearns [or your building. Co-sponsored by the Resident Dean's 
Office and the Warren Apanment Government. 

ALMS 
~ry, Ethiopia Cry 

February 13, 8 :00 pm 
Warren Apanment Commons 

( in conjunction with the Hunger Project) 

WARREN ON WHEELS 
The quaner is now under way 

and so is Warren On Wheels. 
Midterms are upon us at the 
moment, but in between studying 
for Bio. and Poli. Sci., why not take 
some time off and join us in some 
relaxing activities? 

On Saturday, February 23, 
Warren on Wheels will be going to 
Sea World . We will be spending 
the day at ~me of San Diego's most 
popular attractions. Come play 
with the killer whales and 
penguins. The cost is $10.00 per 
person. And in the weeks ahead , 
on Friday, March 8 will be the date 
[or Warren on Wheels end of the 
quarter Ice Skating and Dinner 
Party. More information available 
at the Provost Office for this event. 

This is also the time o[ the year 
to start thinking about getting 
involved for next year. Warren 
College is now looking for 
enthusiastic peoples to help run 
their Summer Orientation 
Programs for Freshpersons. So 
come in and pick up an 
application to be a Volunteer 
Orientation Leader (O.L). Also at 
this time the selection process [or 
next year Resident Advisors is 
happening, i[ interested please 
pick up an application at the Job 
. Boa rd , 

Join us on February 21st for an 
ALL You Can Eat Pizza Pany at 
Bj.'s Chicago Pizza place. Meet at 
6:30 in front of the Warren 
ProvOSt'S Office. Cost is $1.00 and 
will be limited to the first twenty 
people who sign up in the Warren 
Dean's Office. 

I wish you well on your 
midterms and if you have any 
questions about our events please 
drop by my office. (Hours are 
Monday lO:30-3:00 and Tuesday 
8:00-9:00 and 10:00·12:00.). Hope 
to see you at our events! 
Commuter Board Meetings 
Mondays at 2:00 
Quonset Hut 311 joeyTse 

Commuter Intern 

--ACADEMIC NOTES--
-Famous I..tut Words-

"Oh, 1 gOt some sort of letter about Probation , .1 think. But 1 never read it." 
"Big deal. 1 got a D or something in one class." 
"Those Fs don't really reflect what I know." 

WHALE WATCH "I know 1 can do better in the next sequence . I'll re-take the first course some 
other time." Faculty, staff and students are invited to enjoy an educational and recreational 

excursion on the water viewing the California grey whales on Saturday, February 9 , 
1985- 11 am to 1:30 pm. Maps and $5 tickets available at the UEO Box Office in 
the Student Center. (Funded by Warren College Student Government) 

WCSG Wants You! 
We need a representative to the AS. Media Board , 

and also anyone Interested in Student Government experience. 
If interested please call Stacy at 452-3942. 

CONGRATULATIONS! 
We are pleased to announce 

the New 1985 Warren College 
STUDENT ORIENTATION COORDINATORS!! 

please join us in giving them a hearty welcome!!! 

12 Hiatus F~b. 7, 1985 

Nelda Bass 
Frances Matsumoto 
Sameer Nadkami 

Richard Rice 

"I haven't checked on my grades from last quarter. I'm sure I'm OK grade-wise ." 
"My roommate was on Probation his first quarter too. We reaDy thought it was 

funny how the ProvOSt took it so seriously." 
"I didn', really wane a degree anyway." 

"-.YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED .... ~ 
Place: Warren ProvOSt Office Conference Room 
Time: 2:00-2:45 pm or 3:00-3:45 pm or 4:00-4:45 pm 
DatL: February l5 , 1985 
CritLria for Admission: First year student (emered Fall 1984) 

Probation status 
GPA: 1.5 to 1.9 
Willingness to be off Probation by the end o[ 

Spring, 1985 or sooner. 
Rt/rtshm01t5: one 
Good time: Probably not 
A good investment in my foture? Ye , Guaranteed . 


