
r . 

.----

Rematch Tuesday, 
May 28, 7:30 at 
the Main Gym. 
See cover story page 14. 



2 T ucsday. May 28, 1985 
Ne~ 

... "~'" ~ ~,s,..~"V!.""~""':"" • c ... , • " ... ~ .. ~ 1\ ~~ ~" ,,<, .. ,~ ,""'"~'S '." ~... x"":-;, ,x .,,0}.; "., ~ 

University of California General 
Counsel Donald Reidhaar sees no legal 
reason why regents who own stock in 
companies in which the University also 
invests would have to disquahfy 
themselves from voting on a UC 
invesonent policy related to companies 
that do business in South Africa. 

-It is my opinion that it IS not 
foreseeable that a dIvestment decision 
by the Regents would have a matenal 
financial effect upon the company or 
companies subject to divestment and . 
thus, there is no need for 
disqualification on the part of regents 
who may have investments in those 
companies," said Reldhaar in a lener to 
regents dated May 10. 

Reldhaar will verbaUy report on hIS 
findings at a special Regents meeting 
june 10 at the Umversity of California at 
Los Angeles. 

Under the University's Confhct of 
Interest Code, regents who have 
invesonents in excess of SI ,OOO in a 
company may not participate in stock 
purchase or sale decisions involving that 
company if it would have a "material 
financIal dfect" on the company. 

The State's Fair Political Practices 
Commission uses three criteria for 
detertnining whether an effect on a 
-financial interest" is "material," 
Rtidhaar expained in his letter to the 
regents. The first, he said, IS whether 
the decision would increase or decrease 
the gross revenues of the corporation; 
secondly, whether a divestment decision 
would cause an involved company to 
incur or avoid additional expenses; and 
thirdly, whether the decision would 
result in an increase or decrease in the 
value of assets or liabilities of a 
company. 

Under new rules being proposed by 
the commission, a "material" change in 
gross revtnues is defined by an increase 
or decrease of 5250,000 in a liscal year, 
except for "Fortune SOO" companies, in 
which·case the minimum is 51 million. 
Of !he companies the UniYersity inveSts 
in that do business in South Africa, only 
Marsh &t McLennan and Wamer 
Communications are not on the Fortune 
list, Reidhaar said. 

Additional expenses under the new 
regulations are defined as min than 
5100.000 except for "Fortune 500" 
companies, where the minimum is 
5250,000. A change in assets or 
liabilities is defined as a minimum of 
5250.000 for smaller companies and S 1 
million or more for those companies.on 
the "Fortune 500" list. 

In aU instances, the University's 
holdings represent less than five percent 
of any one company's outstanding stock, 
and in many cases less than one 
percent, according to UC Treasurer 
HeriJen Gordon. Moreover. Gonion told 
Rtidhaar, it is the University's policy to 
seD a holding in a measured, phased 
way over time, usually taking advantage 
of upwrns in the market, without 
disrurbing the price at which a security 

. is being traded. 
GiYen these circumstances, Reidhaar 

said, "the Treasurer advises that if 
divestment were to occur over a period 
of months, there is no reason to believe 
there would be any significant effect on 
the sale price of the securities by reason 
of the University's divestment. Even if 
one were to assume there might be 
some slight temporary downward 
pressure on the price of the securities 

. from the UniverSity'S sales, any such 
effect would be minor and fleeting." 

Reidhaar told the regents that they 
may wish to seek advice letters from the 
Fair Political Practices Commission 
abour: their indiVidual investmel'll5. 

o 
A biochemisr and a maIhanaaidan at 

UCSD were recently elected as fellows of 
the American Academy of Am and 
Sciences. 

They are Dr. Russell L. Doolittle, 
professor of chemistry, and Dr. Michael 
Freedman, professor of mathematics. 
They are twO of 85 new feUows from 
throughout the United States elected by 
the Academy at its recent annual 
meeting. 

Founded in 1780 by John Adams and 
other leaders of the American 
Revolution, the Academy today is a 
national honorary society based in 
Cambridge, Massachusetts, with a 
membership of 2,300 scholars, artists 
and public figures. 

Doolittle, 54, is a leadmg authority on 
protein evolutlon. He is chieUy 
mterested in the structure and functlons 
of proteins, espeCially thos<: involved in 
aOimal defense systems like blood 
clotting and the immune response. 

In 1983, he developed a data base 
thaI sorts the chemical codes, or 
sequences, of proteins, enabling 
scientists around the world to utihze 
this mformation in their research. 
Doolittle made scientific headlines that 
year when he used his data bank to 
uncover a link between growth 
hormones and a cancer-causing gene. 

Other honors he has received include 
the Outstanding Educator of America 
Award in 1972, the UCSD Revelle 
College ExceDence in Teaching Award 
in 1973 and election to the membership 
of the National Academy of Sciences, 
one of the highest honors for any 
American scientist, \as( year. 

DoolittJe received his doctorate in 
biochemistry from Harvard University in 
1961 and joined the faculty at UCSD in 
1965. He lives in La jolla. 

Freedman's major research interest is 
in the field of UJPOIoly, a branch of 
mathematics that invdYes the study of 
shapes, and is currently cemered on the 
global structure of four-dimensional 
spaces. 

Two years ago, Freec:\rnm, 3+, 
achieved international recognition 

~ong his coques by solving an 82-
year-old mathematical riddle known as 
the fourth-dimensional Poincare 
cOgjecture. The hypothesis, named after 
its author, the famed French 
mathematician Henri Poincare, is one of 
a handful of inteDecrual labyrinths that 
have exhausted mathematicians for 
decades. 

His work could ,ventually affect our 
understanding of the universe since 
most models of the universe are based 
on four-dimensional manifolds. 

In recognition of his achieYements, 
Freedman was named a 1984 winner of 
a 5176,000 prize by the John D. and 
Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. 
The prestigious tax-free award, which 
goes each year to "a sman number of 
exceptionally talented indiViduals," has 
allowed him to begin pursuing new 
avenues in his research. 

In April of 1984, Freedman was 
named California Scientist of the Year 
by the California Museum of Science 
and Industry in Los Angdes, and the 
following month he was selected for 
membership in the National Academy of 
Sciences. 

Freedman, a resident of La jolla, 
joined the UCSD Department of 
Mathematics in 1976 after serving for a 
year at the Institute for Advanced Study 
in Princeton, New Jersey. He earned his 
PhD in mathematics from Princeton 
University in 1973. 

Doolittle and Freedman's recent 
election to the American Academy of 
Arts and SCIences brings to 52 the total 
number of UCSD Caculty members in 
that orgamzation. 

o 
Dr, Hannes AHvin, a Nobel laureate 

physicist at UCSD, has been elected an 
honorary member 01 the European 
Physical Society. 

"Honorary membership is the highest 
distinction which the EPS can bestow," 

Cover: Olympic volleyball was a hit Sunday night 
as the Americans and the Cubans mixed it up in 
the Triton Pavilion. The world-class show returns 
tonight at 7:30 as the three-city mini-tour 
between the two teams continues. See story on 
page 14. 
News: On page 3: A shiny new UC Budget easily cleared 
committee and Assembly last week. Also. on page 7: 
Senator Milton Marks saves $4 million for UC growth. 
Opinions: Divestment f~ns can take hean that the 
opposition has finally come out to state its culturally 
biased position; read into this malady on page 4. Pan two 
of the faU of Iran's wretched revolution unfolds in a 
second viewpoint, while a third educates the 
increasingly uneducated. Plus letters· and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: UCSD editors travel to UC Santa Bamara 
to discuss the future directions of the UC newspaper 
system, , 
Sports: The 1985 Spring Diving Olympics comes to 
UCSD. and women's water polo ends its season sadly. 
but not unsuccessfully. 
Plus... The Weekly Calendar 

COVER PHOTO BY JOHN ASHLEE 

EPS President G.H. Stafford wrote in a 
letter in~ng Alf¥en of his deaion. 
Alfvm is one of only six physiC\su 
honored In this mjoner by the 
prestigiOUS SOCiety since it was founded 
in 1968. 

The EPS was established to contribute 
to and encourage the advancement of 
physics in Europe and neighborin& 
countries. The Switzedand-based 
organization has 3,389 members, 
represeming 27 countries. 

AlCYen is one of the world's lading 
authorities on the (ormation of cbmetS 
and the c~n of the' earth and the 
universe. He is regarded as the Wbcr of 
modem classical physics known as 
hydromagnetism, which tw wide 
application in geophysics, planetary 
sciences and uuophysics. 

The Nobd laurem has also been 
awarded !he Fnaldin Gold Medal by the 
Franklin Instinu and the Lomonoson 
Gold Medal. the highest award given by 
the Soviet Union's Aademy of Sciences, 
for "oulStanding achieYe!"'Cnts i~ plasma 
physics and asaopbysics. .. He is a 
flnign associate member of the . 
National Academy of Science, a member 
of the American Academy of ArtS and 
Sciences and a member of the Soviet 
Akademia Nauk. 

AlCYen, who joined what was then the 
UCSO Depamnem of Applied Physics 
and InConnation Science in 1967, has 
divided his time between UCSD and the 
RoyailnstitUle of Technolo&Y, 
Stockholm, since 1970. He lives six 
months each year in La Jolla. 

o 
CaIilomia-bued Campus Ca~ndan 

Company has announced its 
spring/summer '8~ college beauty 
competition. The company is setking , 
the best looking students' bodies on 
American campuses to appear in the 
Campus Calendar '86, and share In 
min than 51,~OO in tOP prize money. 

Both male and female students are 
ehgtble. To enter, students need only . 
submit a professional color transparency 
of themselves along with their name, 
age, address, a phone number they can 
be reached at and their photographer's 
name, address and phone number, by 
June 30. 

Campus Calendar's president, T,im 
Devine, expects a large tumOUl of 
entries. "NeYer has there been a student 
calendar thai er,compasses the ~ 
country," he says. ·We expect a great 
response from student bodies an over 
America." 

ApplicanlS are encouraged 10 use 
their imagination in their outfilS and 
poses and professionalllghting. hair 
and makeup are encouraged. 

The male and female calendars will be 
sold at college booIcstores across the 
country this fall. Cash prizes will be 
distributed in August. the finn will also 
circulate copies to film and television 
producers and modeling lIgems in 
Hollywood and New York. 

Entries should be directed to: 
Campus Calendan, ll~ Vemura 
Blvd., Suire ~5~. Studio City, CA 91604. 
(213) 850-3351. 

C 
A ~ puImonaty 

rehabilitation program desianed to 
improve the quality of life fOr paIients 
suffering from chrome obstructive 
pulmonaty diseue (COPD) wiB lpegin 
June 10 at UCSD Medical Center. 

The Pulmonary Rehabilitation Program 
is designed for patients suffering from 
emphysema, chronic bronchitis and 
asmma. Through exercise and 
educational progmms, the palienr is 
assisted in attaining his or her highest 
level of independent functioning. 

A team composed of a physician, 
nurse coordinator, respiratory therapist 
and ptiysical therapist provides a multi-
faceted assessment of each patient and 
a program is designed to meet each 
individual's needs. Kenneth Moser, MD, 
is medical director of the program 

The first phase of the program is a 
five-day in-hospital diagnostic and 
evaluation period. This is followed by a 
three-week outpatient program where 
patients come in for counseling and 
physical therapy twO afternoons a week. 
Follow-up is provided on a monthly or 
as-needed basis for a year. 

A free assessment is available for 
patients interested in the program. For 
information caD 29i-66~1. 

- ~eWenrick 

Committee passes budget. • • 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sauamrnto Correspondent 

Without any debate, the Assembly 
Ways al}d Means Committee 
unanimously approved Tuesday a 
budget for the University of California 
S13.8 million higher than Gov. George 
Deukmejian's budget proposal. 

The new Assembly budget indudes 
funding for a management study of UC 
teaching hospitals, a student-run 
affirmative action program, a wage hike 
for nonacademic employees and $6.3 
million in increased AIDS research 
monies. 

The package also includes budget 
language prohibiting new investments of 
S90 million in pension funds and S151 
million in construction funds in 
businesses with South African 
connections , an amendment which met 
no opposition from the seven 
Republicans on the committee. 

However, Assemblymember Charles 
Bader, the vice chairman of the 
educauon subcommittee who vigorously 
fought against the Democratic-backed 
budget language last week, indicated 
Republicans have not abandoned efforts 
to kill divestment provisions even 
though they have no dear plans to stOp 
them. 

Assemb.ly minority leader Pat Nolan, 
R-Los Angeles, said last week the GOP 
caucus may introduce amendmenlS 
requiring UC divestment from other 
countries with poor human-rights 
records. Bader and Assemblymembers 
Tom McClintock, R-Thousand Oaks, 
and Bill Leonard, R-Redlands were 
unsuccessful with such pro~als last 
week in the subcommittee. 

'Republicans on the budget conference 
committee which meets next week may 
also be instructed to nelJ)tiate the 
divestrnem langwt8e out, Bader said. 

Even if the controversy is successful 
in reaching the §>vemor's desk, it could 

still spark a baule berween the 
Legislature and Deukmejian. Assembly 
Speaker Willie Brown. D-San. francisco, 
has said he has enough vOtes in the 
Assembly to delay approval of the 
budget if he encounters any opposition 
from Deukmejian. 

The Asembly's version of the UC 
budget is approximately SI million 
leaner than the package the Senate 
Budget and Fiscal Review Committee 
approved Monday. 

The Assembly budget also includes 
S27.3 million more for the community 
colleges than the Senate's, an allocation 
Assembly Repubhcans said they think is 
too high but went along with anyway. 

The Assembly budget proposes a 
S99.5 million mcrease over 
Deukmejian's plans; the Senate is 

. forwarding a $72 .2 million increase for 
the rwo-ye ar colleges. 

Like the tentative Senate version, the 
Assembly budget provides S89 million to 
finance an 8.8 percent salary increase 
for faculty. 

Unlike the Senate'S package, however, 
the Assembly is pushing amendments 
on faculty affirmative action and future 
salary increases. 

Both the Legislative Analyst and Ways 
and Means Committee Chairman john 
Vasconcellos, D-Santa Clara, have 
questioned UCs so-called margin of 
excellence in salaries-the 1.~ percent 
hike tacked on to the 7.7 percent 
increase to keep UC salaries 1.5 percent 
higher than the average earnings of 
professors at eight comparison 
universities. 

The budget, while granting the full 
wage hike, could Slate there is no 
ongoing legislative policy on salaries or 
a regular "margin ot excd1ence pay 
differemial" 

Y-=CONt1NUED ON PAGE 7 > 

New houn: 10 am·7 pm 
lor dinner and lund. 

Pizza Fri. '1.00/.lice 
All You Can Eat Enchilada. 

Wedne_y, 5/29 5·7 pm . 
With the Live R&8 Rock of 8umt Seiad 

The home of the 
3~¢ hamburger. 
~ J ~lJoNJlti~ ~U~CSOJ:;I:--;;;;;M".;!;i_Id;;-_Jn- J {/OUffi 

- !,Iv ..... 0< I 
, I I 7 J 40 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

-----------------
~~1---ALLAMEruCAN~EAL~~e7AA~ I!i.!._~ Quartcr Poundcr" with Chl'cM:, larxc Fry, ~~ 

II M~,Jium- ize Sc.lfr Drink "'-"'1: l.oIh ~"'" I ·20 011 ,"no II 
II Llml( llnl' cuupt'ln pJ'r I 
II cU~tllmer. per \'ISU PIl'JSl.' - JUS t $1.99 11 II present uluplln when 
II urderlng NO! 1',II1d wuh ,In} (plus tax) IIII Ulhcr llilcr. 
II Only at: 7140 Miramar RJ. II ~ :2~~~985 Son o; .... ~ 

-- ---------- ~ 
----------

Tuc)t/uy, ,\1"Y 28, 1985 3 

Sails through Assembly 

The University of California budget 
sailed through the Assembly Wednesday 
after the Republican caucus offered rwo 
symbolic amendments .nullifying the 
budget'S divestment provisions. 

The Democratic majority swiftly 
turned down a proposal which would 
have extended the budget'S prohIbition 
against new UC investments in South 
Africa to other countries as well as an 
amendment killing restrictions on S90 
million in pension funds. 

Assemblymember Charles Bader (R-
Pomona), who proposed lifting a 
provision delaying the allocation of 
pension funds until the UC Board of 
Regents adopt a divestment plan, said 
the suggestion to include the Soviet 
Union, Cambodia , Vietnam and other 
human rights violators in the divestment 
language was a move to stop the 
Democratic initiative. 

However, after the Assembly vOled 40· 
31 against an amendment from 
Assemblymember Ernest Konnyu (R-
Santa Cruz) to prevent UC investments 
In those countries and 41-29 against 
Bader's amendment, Bader said it is 
likely the divestment provisions will 
survive a conference committee. 

"From a practical standpoint, I hope 
and pray they are taken OUI: Bader said 
of the budget language Assembly 
Democrats worked into the state's fiscal 
plan to force the Regents to d ivesl. 

Bader said Assembly Republicans are 
pinning their hopes on Sen. Alfred 
Alquist (D-San jose), the chairman of 
the Appropriations Committee who wiU 
also sit on this week's conference 
committee. 

The State Senate has so far refused to 
join the Assembly's campaign for 
divestment eYen though Senate 
President Pro Tem David Roberti (D-
HoUywood) has said he favors exerting 
some kind of pressure on the regents. 

XEROX 
2A HR. 7 DAY q 

FREE :~ 
(willi minimum) 

WE COPY 
1601 6th A""~ S.D. 
231-1676 

--.---.. --......... --~.-.. -....... ~ .... -. .-.. 
............... ~ 

However, Roberti indicated his 
colleagues have already pledged to keep 
the South African issue out of the 
budget debate , saying senators' opinions 
are already "over the field ." 

Assembly WelYS and Means 
Committee Chair John Vasconcellos (D-
Santa Cruz) said yesterday he has 
dis ussed tj1e issue with Alquist but 
could not comment on the outcome of 
the conference committee. 

Specifically, the divestment language 
states the S151 million of UC 
construction funds cannot be invested 
in firms with South African ties or be 
used to purchase goods or services from 
such companies. 

The budget also states [hat no public 
retirement system will receIve its state 
contribution this year if there is no 
divestment plan. 

The Assembly also cut its $500,000 
co ntribution to (~e UC Office of the 
Treasurer, which oversees UC's $6 
billion portfolio. Assembly Speaker 
WiUie Brown (D-San Francisco) 
suggested cutting the Treasurer's Office 
funds rwo weeks ago. 

The Assembly's total state budget, 
approximately S641 million more than 
Gov. George Deukmejian's proposa~ 
passed the floor on a 62-12 vote. 

The ranking Republican on the 
Assembly Ways and Means Committee, 
William Baker of Walnut Creek, warned 
a recession could nullify a one percent 
salal)' increase proposed for all state 
workerS, including UC employees. 

·What this budget represents is the 
spending of every dollar in the state of 
California. This will not hold us weD if 
we go into a recession," Baker said. 
"While we're aD together in this budget, 
let us remember we have spent and 
allocated aU the money which has come 
in." 

- Jane Rosenbeq 

Fully portable computer. 2 
disk drives. Monitor. 16 
Function Keys. Printer & 2 
serial parts. WordStar. 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

$1550 FREE SOFlWARE! 
KayPro. Osborne. etc. 

compatible. 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties. 
SLEEPV HOLLOW 

695-9220 



4 Tue;day, May 28, 1985 

Viewpoint 

Here's why our population is blinded 
By ADRIAN ROBERTS 

Too many people speak out naively in 
righteous indignation-meaning well, 
but unwittingly doing more harm than 
good . They often do not thmk out a 
scenario beyond mere divestl1}ent. I 
have yet to hear of an economist who 
favors divestment or dlsinvestmem as a 
means for bringmg about political 
change in South Atrica. In fact, all those 
I have heard think that divestmem and 
disinvestment will have the opposite 
effect to that deSIred by proponents, By 
listening to expens within their fields , a 
mosaic picture can be formed which 
will Illustrate the negative effect of 
divestment and disinvestmenr-
negative, at leasl, from the perspective 
of those who think that it will cause the 
demise of apartheid. 

ine years ago the political economist 
Philip Ehrensaft of the Universiry of 
Quebec answered ' the question as to 
whether or not economic pressure could 
force a significant change in the 

Viewpoint 

apartheid system: "It would thus be 
qUite incorrect, in our view, to expect 
that economic needs would pressure the 
South Afnc"n regime toward making 
serious changes In the present mode of 
labor control." More recent articles bear 
OUt the truth of these words. 

Proponents of divestment from 
American firms doing business in South 
Africa hope, through the removal of 
momes in American stock-owned 
companies, to pressure these Americal'l 
companies to remove their interests in 
South Afnca. Divestment undertaken to 
date has had no noticeable effect on the 
market value of those shares, says 
Randall Smith in his article emitled 
"American Stocks shrug ofT Anti-
Apartheid Pressure"(The Wall Street 
Journal, 4/ 30/ 1985). Smith quoted David 
Hauck, a senior analyst of the Investor 
Responsibility Research Cemer, a 
"consulting group that researches public-
policy ISsues: as saying: "Once the 
market is convinced that there's sellin~ 

for non-economic [rather than "politic-al" 
or "moral") reasons ... people who don't 
really care about non-economic issues 
will push the prices back to the market 
level" If all those in the US who for 
' political" or "moral" re~ons would drop 
their investments in US companies 
doing business in South Africa, there 
would be just as many people or 
businesses strictly interested in the 
financial benefits of investmem who 
would pick up the dropped stocks. Even 
worse for those divestors would be the 
fact that because they would no longer 
be shareholders, they would no longer 
be able to exert pressure on the 
companies they owned part shares of to 
conform to the Sullivan principles. 
Instead, they would have passed on the 
reins of influence to others less 
interested in the "political" or "moral" 
issues. Therefore. divestment as an issue 
alone will fail . Its only possibiliry of 
eventual success would be if 1) no other 
companies or individuals were to buy 

The demise of Khomeini 's regime 
By A.R. 

(continued from Thursday) 
The BBC was admired and 

recognized by the actiVISts as the voice 
of the revolution against the Shah's 
empire and also as the voice of their 
"greatest revolutionary leader," whose 
speeches and promises filled the air. 
Khomeini promised freedom of the 
media and of all the opposition groups 
which had become active in the United 
Front. Millions of politically immature 
and inexperienced Iranians. with their 
predilection for danger, became ever 
more active and played an important 
role with their heroes in the revolution. 
This proselyte group made up 70% of 
the revolutionary population. 

The United Front seemed so powerful 
that it left no room for the Shah to 
negotiate. Finally, the Shah went on 
national lV. He wore the look of an 
exhausted person, not tough as usual. 
but mellow, who spoke nO[ from 
strength but from the heart. One could 
see the grief in his tired eyes. His 
Majesry accepted all the charges except 
the crimes of his SAVAK and promised 
to fulfill all the demands for freedom 
and to honor the constitution. It was a 
sad moment that stayed Within the 

hearts of everyone when the Shah left 
his peacock throne shonly thereafter. 

The call for final revolt was made 
from the "voice of the revolution" (the 
SBC). Khomeml went on the air, 
praised the revolUllonal)' movement, 
and urged the rebels to seize all military 
units in order to assure the stabiliry of 
the revolution .: Within 24 hours, the 
Shah's mighty army came under the 
control of the revolutionaries. This was 
possible since, by the order of the new 
government which was oying to keep 
the human rights amendment, no 
soldier was anowed to shoot a bullet at 
anybody. Forcibly taking over a military 
unit is like kicking nitroglycerin, bw 
this phase of the revolution was carried 
out so stealthily and with so few injuries 
that an outright collaboration seemed 
obvious. The day after the takeover, the 
news of the arrest of the top of the 
Shah's army in their secret quarters in 
the north pan of Tehran ga~ joy and 
delight to the front line movement, 
since these officials had planned to 
overthrow the revolution. 

The revolutionaries wasted no time in 
conducting mass executions of the 
captured army officers. This action 
weakelltd the Shah's military forces to 

the point that the countl)' began to look 
like a nice meal for hungry aggressors. 
Socially, Iran celebrated the victory of 
revolution that was filling the air with 
the fragrance of freedom. However, 
these happy moments soon changed, 
and the nation fotmd itself under a new 
dictatorship. Activists didn't gain their 
demands but were pushed backward 
and lost even the meager freedom they 
had known under the Shah's regime. 
The new dictator not only used mobs 
who were released from jail after the 
revolution, but also had in reserve a 
group of fanatics called "Fadaie" who 
were equipped wi~h weapons to follow 
the laws of the junglt. Fadaies, who are 
like the kamikaze of Japan during the 
Second World War, make up 25% of 
the population and ha~ under their 
control the 40% who would like to see 
the pre-Shah constitution in place. The 
rest of the population is leftist and is 
fighting this regime. 

The Khomeini regime has brought 
national confusion , high inDation and 
mental pressures. Five years of. war with 
Iraq have added e~n more depression 
and frustration to the li~s of the 
majoriry of Iranian people. In se~ral 
parts of Iran, massive protestS against 

up the dropped shares, thus bringing 
about disinvestmem (both possibilities 
are extremely remote) and 2) actual 
disinvestment were tb succeed in 
bringing about the changes in South 
African policy that these American 
divestors desire-another extremely 
unlikely scenario. 

For those who know the South 
African economy and government, who 
understand international trade, there is 
linle indication that disinvestment could 
work. In fact, as I have already 
mentioned, there is a good chance that 
it could have the opposite effect in 
South Africa and boomerang on the US. 

Past attempts bear out this prediction: 
First, an oil embargo against South 
Africa years ago resulted in the South 
Africans tum ing to their massive coal 
resources for oil. Two plants in South 
Africa are now utilizing a perfected 
process invented by the Germans during 
the Second World War, to produce oil 

> cONTINUED ON PAGE D 

the war have taken place recently. 
Although these protests have been 
suppressed by Khomeini Mullah's 
revolutional)' guards, the net effect has 
been an intensific"tion of the desire for 
freedom. More protests may be 
expected., and a broad-based popular 
revolt against the regime seerTIS cenain. 
The regime is totally desuuctive; it has 
ruilltd the country and buried the 
Iranian freedom movement under the 
dust of crutlty and insane zeal. 

The Khomeini regime knows its end 
is near. Many highly placed non-mullahs 
officials realize that the lack of popular 
suppon for the Iraqi war is only one 
sign that their days are numbered, and 
they are acting accordingly. Some have 
simply fled the counoy; Olhers have 
aligned themselves with opposition 
groups inside and outside lran. 

Iran will try again to emnacipate itself 
and vindicate the spirits withow whose 
sacrificed blood the word freedom 
would continue to be merely an empty 
expression. Iranians win be euphoric 
when they finaUy succeed in 
establishing a democracy, The 
constitution of Iran wiD triumph; victol)' 
will belong to the true fighters for 
freedom. 

TliC"/"Y, Muy 28, 1985 5 
D'>I~I,*, 

. . . 

Viewpoint 

America's digression 
By PETER QUEROA . 

Sixry miUion adult Americans are unable to read this 
sentence. One person in three- fully 33% of the 
nation 's 190 million adults-can 't measure up to a 
standard tenth grade reading level. 

In fact , the United States has officiaUy dropped to 
49th place among 158 member countries of the United 
Nations in its literacy rates. Contrasted with this, 
between 1640 and 1700, the literacy rate for adult 
males in colonial New England was around 90%. In 
Nicaragua, the tiny third-world country in Central 
America that Presidenr Reagan wants to ovenhrow, the 
illiteracy rate has shrunk from between 80-90% of its 3 
million inhabitants in 1980, to about 15-20% today, 
thanks to the Sandinista government's commitment to 
educate its people. 

Johnathon Kozol, a world renown authoriry on 
illiteracy and author of llliteratt America, writes that 
'This is not just an interesting dilemma. It is a crisis. 
And the US Department of Education estimates that 
each year another 2.3 million Americans join the 
burgeoning ranks of the functionally iDiterate. 

The US News and World Report forecasts that within 
15 years there will be an elite , literate class consisting 
of no more than 30% of the population , who will be 
participating in our Democratic system. This alarming 
trend has been underway for some time. In each 
election , the numbers of participants in the electorial 
process shrinks. In 1960 wen over 70% of the 
electorate exercised their voting privileges. Last year 
barely half of all registered voters bothered to cast their 
ballots, despite the largest voter registration drive in 
American histol)'. Most who refused to vote readily 
admitted their reason for opting out was because they 
were so grossly uninformed they felt incompetent to 
make intelligent selections. In West Germany's recent 
electiOns, the turnout was 90%. Even in EI Salvador it 
approached 80%. . 

Kozol says "(the illiterate) cannot choose .. . They 
vote for a face, nO[ a body of ideas." Again , the 
presidential election last year lays bare dramatic 
evidence substantiating Kozol's theories. 

Indeed, reports US News, only 55% of adults even 
!dance at a newspaper every day. Of young people, 
those who read newspapers now comprise a growing 
minority. Barely 40% of youth in their 20s are reading 
a newspaper. Television viewing, among children, has 
soared to a record se~n hours, twO minutes a day in 
1984, or almosl 50 hours a week, 18,000 hours a year. 
USC professor Norman Corwin, author of Trivial~ng 
America says the most popular shows, like "Family 
Feud," consist of nothing more than "sweet-Bavored 
gelatinous cultures on which greed and hysteria 
colonize like bacteria." Cotwin says the end result is "a 
whittling away at our capacity to discriminate, to make 
chOiCes, to have reelings." The war on knowledge is 
being £ought on many fronts Simultaneously. 

UClA Prorcssor Alexander Astin, author of 15 books 
on education. says there has been an unabated l5-year 
trend of Americans putting their value system into the 
hands of the advenising indUSby. He says Madison 
.Avenue and Hollywood's exploitation or the greed 
£actor-inherent in all human bdnp-is widespread 
in our school S)'SlCms. "Its \.eadas: he says, "are more 
worried about money than about other important 
issues that affect the quality or education.M Astin says, 
"with greed the guiding moti~, thinp like schoolwork 
and serious rhought and analysis seem unimponant to 
young people, hence the decline in academic 
performance, II's interesting," he says, ·that practically 
every institution (today) from (national) derense to 
religion has taken a material approach." 

The Com iss ion On international Education in its 
1984 report entitled "What We Don't Know Can't Hurt 
Us," found that our public schools have deteriorated so 
far that today "Nothing less is at issue than the 
nation's securiry." It found that only one American in 
four is able to locate EI Salvador, and less than half 
who knew that the US belongs to the North Atlantic 
Treary Organization (NATO). UN Development 
Program Information Director Erskine Childers 
described Western education as having fostered "a fit 
of cultural amnesia" concerning the role of emerging 
nations in world history. 

Theodore Sizer, former headmaster at Phillips-Exeter 
Academy in New Hampshire, says the fact is ... . the 
American people don't care very much that their 
schools are second rate ." 1ndeed, says educator and 
philosopher Leonard PeikofT, today's public schools are 
wastelands where "minds are being mercilessly stunted 
and starved. Where children are reduced to the statuS 
of animals ." He says the National Commission on 
Excellence in Education's 1983 report: "A Nation at 
Risk ... : whic h warned that "the educational 
foundations of our socicry are presently being eroded 
by a ri.sing tide of mediocriry that threatens our very 

Doonesbury 

future as a nation and a people ," was no ·exa~eration ." 
Yet, parents or school age youngsters continue to 

give their local school systems gloriously high marks 
for doing such a "good job." It's incredulous, but Kozol 
says this shouldn't be surprising, because "when I 
actuaUy became aware of the (illiteracy) problem ... it 
took me two decades (as a teacher) to figure out that 
parents cQuldn't even read the notices I sent home 
with their children." 

To combat national ignorance, the Carnegie 
Foundation in its two-year, 233-page repon. 
"Corporate Classrooms: The Learning Business," found 
that industry is spending up to $100 billion a year to 
teach its employees such remedial courses as basic 
reading and junior high school level chemistry. Kozol 
traces $120 billion in annual losses to the nation's 
illiterate due to lost tax revenues, unemployment 
compensation, industrial. accidents, etc. "Illiteracy:' says 
Kozol, "is the one social issue of the '8Os that unites 
every (political) ideology from hard self-interest to the 
more compassionate." 

Author and former SDSU English Professor Wayne 
Bums says in America today "freedom has been 
reduced to a 7-Eleven slogan." Unless we reverse 
education's downward spiral, points out writer-
producer Ben Stein, the present generation of "young 
Americans may well not be prepared for even the most 
basic national responsibiliry-understanding what the 
society is about and why it must be preserved. People," 
he says, 'who do not value what they have rarely keep 
it for long, and neither will we." 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

Don't Forget JOBS 
IN SOCIAL CHANGE 

• Toxic Waste • Travel and Benefits 
• Women', Rights • Summer/Career Options 

to ICnp YOW' Bod 
ecwa.dWlth 

SuIIIMr SIdcnaa 
end AccIdent 1.....wIC& 

• Central American Policy • $10,000-$13,000 per year 
Call Between lOam and 1 pm. " 

231-9616 
CAMPAIGN FO~ ECONOMIC ' 

DEMOCRACY 
In Lot Angeles: (213) 393-3705 

In San Franc:iaco: (415) 863-5050 



6 Tuesdal' Mal' 18 1985 

Blinded 
< CONTINUED FRON PAGE 4 < 
from coal. Supposedly, ~il was n:cendy 
discovered off South Afnca, but It IS not 
known how rich the finds are. Second , 
the arms embargo slapped on SOllth 
Africa in the early sixties, which at the 
time was predicted by Time magazine to 
have severe long-term effects on the 
arms supply and the military readiness 
of the South African army, has, in fact, 
backfired. In a recent Wall Street Journal 
article (+/ 30/85) by Charles W. Stevens, 
Abraham Hoppenstein, South Africa's 
Consul General in New York, is quoted 
as saying: "Since the '50s we've been 
subjected to the threat of boycott and 
sanctions and the country has only 
become stronger." Stevens continues: 

n<ellit<elf~n<eilit<elf!ll<ellit<elf!ll<ellit<elf~n~frfr®lf~n®Ltit®lr~ll®(tit<elfsn<eilit<eIr$n<ef 
fr<elf~lettersn<ellit<elrSn~llit~lf!ll~frfr®lf~llcefrfr<elf~n~frfr®Jrln<e(tit~lfSll~fctt<el 

lf~ll<eilitcelr~n<efdt<eIr~ll(jfctt~Ir~ll<etttt~lr~n®tt\'c~ri~n~frtt®lr~~ilit<eJr!ll<eilit<eIr$l 

"He (Hoppenstein) notes that despite 
the 1963 arms embargo and the oil 
boycotts of the 1970s, South Africa has 
become the world's tenth biggest arms 
exporter and a leader in synthetic fuel 
production." South Africa has the 
strongest army in Africa, and it is 
certainly truc that the arms boycott 
actually strengthened the country. 

With the threat of a US auto 
manufacturing pullout, South Africa has 
tumed increasingly to the Germans and 
Japanese for cars-many of which are 
built in South Africa. There is no 
question that if American computer and 
auto companies were to all withdraw 
from South Africa, that the economic 
effect would be felt , even if the country 
did not collapse. Many blacks and 
whites would lose their jobs (if South 
Africa were unable to continue to run 
factories left behind by Americans-and 
there IS no guarantee that they could 
not). Many of the people who 
Americans faVOring disinvestment want 
to help would suffer as a result. It is 
easy to favor diSinvestment when your 
0WI1 job is not at stake. 

The South African economy IS already 
In a mess due to high Inflation. the 
drought which IS atfecling aU ot Afnca 
and high unemployment. fed by 
thousands of blacks fleeing into South 
Afnca from oppression in their native 
countries around South Afnca But the 
country would not collapse under any 
circumstances whIch US dISinvestment 
alone would bring to bear. Charles 
Stevens writes that the US companies 
would suffer more: · If forced to 
dIsinvest, some US businesses would 
probably suffer. Ford assIgns a book 
value of $200 m1UlOn to Its Investment; 
GM's is $1+0 millton. And car . 
companies aren't exactly in demand in 
South Afnca these days." 

(continued on Thursday) 

That old system 
Editor. 

As an ardent believer in due process 
which is the basis for any just system of 
government. 1 am appaUed that the 
Chancellor refuses to implement a vote 
whose existence is supposed to be 
protected by his administration 's own 
guidelines for establishing a student 
initiative pro ess. However, I am even 
more appalled that the present AS, as a 

'benellciary of that same process, should 
see their arbitrary interference with it as 
justilled. 

1 am speaking here, of course, about 
the CalPIRG referendum question asking 
[or a voluntary fee. However, the issue 
involved here goes far beyond CalPIRG 
and the fee question. What is at stake is 
the right of students to vote in their 
own programs and be sure that they are 
carried out. 

The AS has taken the pOSItion that a 
referendum vote is merely a 
"recommendation" and therefore, clearly 
not wonh paying much attention to if 
the few at the tOP have decided that the 
populace was ignorant and misguided. If 
this was so, then why shouldn't the 
Chancellor have the right to replace a 
duly elected AS with one more amenable 
to his own policies? After aU , the people 
on the AS were on the same baUot as 
the referendum questions. What makes 
a policy question any different from the 
election of a representative? In addition , 
how IS the CalPIRG fee referendum any 
different from the referendum to raise 
the mandatory AS fee? Were vOters any 
less ignorant on that question? 

Both the administration and the AS 
have justified their interference With the 
vote based upon the idea that the 
voluntary fee is iUegal. Whether you 
thmk the fee IS deceptive or not IS 
beside the point. The admmlstration 
has set fonh guideline!> by which 
students can set up and fund their own 
programs , mcluding the AS. Under those 
gUldehnes the voluntary fee has been 
Judged to be both legal and 
Implementable by the UC system's own 
legal councIl. As a result, chis fee is 
being used on four other UC campuses. 
The PIRG fee has been In eXIstence for 
nearly IS years now and western 
ciVilization appears not to have' suffered 
greatly by it. If one should be worrying 
about anythmg, one should worry about 
the precedent that wilt be set when a 
chanceUor gets away with quashing a 

BORED WITH NOTHING TO DO??? 
WARREN COLLEGE STUDENT 
GOVERNMENT NEEDS YOUIII 

Positions available Include: 
- Secretary 
- Parliamentarian 

,A,ppllcatlons 'con be picked up In the Warren College Provosrs OffIce, 
Applications due at 12 noon on FrIday, May 31 , 

student vote . 
One reason the AS and the 

administration give for judging the vote 
to be illegal is that they claim that the 
vore did not give students a choice. 
This is just a cover for their not wanting 
to implement a voluntary fee. T.hey are 
putting their own personal wishes above 
the wishes of the majority. 

If they or anyone feel that strongly 
that the voluntary fee system is wrong or 
that CalPIRG is wrong then they should 
go through the initiative process or go 
through the courts to challenge them. 
Just as CalPIRG had to go out and 
convince the public to suppOrt its fee , 
so CalPIRG's opponents should have to 
get out there in the trenches and 
convince the public otherwise. I realize 
that it is much easier to bypass the 
public and just say, ·Well, the majority 
would agree with me if they knew what 
I knew' bot I'm afraid that is not how a 
democ;"tic system is supposed to 
operate. 

IrmeH~ 
T aik, personalities 
Editor: 

The Teacher Education Program has 
been in the news recently. The readers 
of the Guardian could get a f;llse 
impression of TEP from the letter to the 
editor of April 22. I am a panicipant in 
the same program, and , in fact, was 
supervised by the same Knox School 
teacher alluded to by Mr. John 
Demirjian. 

I found Doug Harrel to be 
cooperative, helpful, informative and 
dedicated to providing a highly valuable 
·educational experience to all students, 
especially those from diversified cultural 
backgrounds and low-income families, 
He, a black man, helped me, a white 
woman, lind ways to achieve these 
goals. 

Bud Mehan, professor of SOCiology 
and coordinator of TEP, was also 
represented unjustly and crueUy in Mr. 
Demirjian's letter. Bud , along with 
Cynthia Lawerence-WaUace, Gloria 
Fimbres and Randy Souviney are a 
credit not only to the TEP program, but 
the profession of teaching as well. 

Don't growl Lisa Lanza 

Editor: 
Suppose you were the patient of a 

doctor's tirst su~ery: Would you feel 

secure knowing he 'had only studied 
cextbooks and watched films? If an 
animal from the pound is going to be 
put to sleep anyway, let our medical 
students humanely etherize them and 
practice their surgery before rJ:1ey make 
any mistakes on a human pauent. 

Holly Lee Bttwer 
Animal Ph)'Siolo§ Major 

Technocratic sic;kness 
Editor. 

In response to the recent outcry to 
disinveSlment in South Africa I would 
like to explain a program that is 
occuring now. 

This program involves teenagers-the 
next generation of adults in South Africa 
of aD races-Portuguese, Indian, Blacks, 
Chinese, Africaners and Dutch, who are 
attending Dale Carnegie leadership 
cJasses sponsored by Caterpiller USA. 

First of all this is allowing a mixture 
of ideas as these individuals learn to 
lead. Most importantly these teenagers 
are looking at other viewpoints in an 
environment which supports and 
encourages problem-solving through 
positive growth. 

There are many different ways to 
cause change. However I feel that the 
involvement of American industry is a 
powerful force:-in the right direction! 
We can lead by example and by 
providing. opportunity as Caterpiller is. 

Please consider what our influence 
can do in that country, otherwise we 
may be forcing change the wrong way. 

Signed, a concerned citizen for 
(constructive!) South African change. 

Tamam Deeds 

letters to the editor . should be 
double- or triple -spaced and 
addressed to the Opinions Editor, 
the UCSD Guardian, B~16, LaJol\a, 
92093. AD submissions must include 
the author's phone number and 
signarure; in special cases the name 
will be withheld upon request, 
letters greater than two pages in 
length will be printed as 
·Viewpoints" and will be edited for 
grammar and style. The Guafdian 
reserves the right to edit for clariry 
and space conside rations . 
Deadlines are noon Friday for 
Monday editions, noon Tuesday for 
Thursday editions. 

Improve Your ReaOln9 Spe '0 <Ina 
ComprehenSion Irom 2 10 7 "fTle~ 

FREE INTRODUCTORY SESSIONS 
CLASSES ON CAMPUS 
San Diego Center 
2180 Garnet Ave , Suite 20 
Pacific 1jeoch 92109 
(619) 27().6110 
M L McNulty. Administrator 

l~~ CENTER 
•• 1_1 1,,, r, .1 . 

NEED A JOB 
NOwr 

(too bad} 
NEED A 'JOB 
LATER? 

TA' K 10 US NOM. 
' Several real live Jobs will 

become available In September 
here at the Gu.rd .... · Positions 
for the following people will be 
open:, 

-Illustrators and/or graphic 
artists 

-~up artists 
-photographers 

and last but not at all least: 
ewrIten 
If you have talent, 

creativity, Initiative and a 
telephone, call us at 452-6580 and 
ask .for Phil. Yes, planning ahead 
for next year. What a concept' 

drive, 

RESUME SERVICES 

Ash.,." pt'O'-slon81 reeurne .. ye 8 lot 8bout yOU. 
Come to Klnko'S for crisp, clelln cop_ of your 
rMUrne on apecl.1ty p8pera with matching """Iopea_ 
It's ..... AftordIIbIe, And very Imp,..slv •. 

kinko·s· 
457·3775 

8855 VIlla La Jolla Dr, (Near Ralphs & Sov-On) 

Tllt'~day, May 28, 1985 7 

$4 million saved for UC 
The Republican senator who 

convinced a budget subcommittee to cut 
S+ million out of the University of 
California budget to increase aid for the 
community coUeges reversed himself 
Tuesday and won the money back for 
uc. 

Sen. Milton Marks' motion to grant 
UC extra funds to finance an additional 
952 UC students this fan wa5 approved 
by the Senate Budget and Fiscal Review 
Committee on a 6-1 vote before the 
committee approved the entire UC 
budget. 

Marks, who represents San Francisco, 
said the allocation was "absolutely 
necessary" and that he changed his 
mind after the University presented him 
with information stating its case. 

"Obviously, we 're pleased to have the 
S+ million back in," UC Budget Director 
Larry Hershman said . LaSl week, 
Hershman said UC would be hard 
pressed to hire teaching aSSistants, 
professors, department secretaries, 
laboratory technicians and purchase 
more instructional eqUipment for the 
extra S1udents expected to attend UC 
campuses at Berkeley, Santa Cruz, Santa 
Barbara and San Diego. 

Hershman said UC reminded Marks 
of the ceiling rule, which prohibits a 
conference committee of the rwo 
legislative branches from increasing a 
budget higher than the IargeSl version 
approved by either the Assembly or 
Senate, 

The Senate's version of the UC 
budget is 51 million more than the 
tentative Assembly version. Under the 
ceiling rule, the conference committee 
would be unable to consider the $4 
million for increased UC enrollment, 
Hershman said . 

The Senate has added SIS million to 
Gov. George Deukmejian's proposed 
51.6 biDion UC budget. The full Senate 

Budget 
( CDN11NUED FlOW PAGE 1 < 

In addition, $7 .1 million of the salary 
increase has been earmarked for 
promoting and retaining women and 
underrepresented minorities among 
tenured faculty. The budget also 
includes more than 55 million for a 1 
percent salary increase for nonacademic 
UC employees. 

The committee's action Tuesday also 
sent to the floor a $55,000 allocation to 

will consider the UC budget Friday. 
The Assembly Ways and Means 

Committee wiD take up its revisions cif 
Deukmejian's proposals tomorrow. The 
full Assembly will also vote Friday. 

The bulk of the differences between 
the Senate version and Deukmejian's 
plan for UC rests in research programs. 
The Senate has also voted to provide 
Slipends to students in preventative 
medicine, increase funding for the 
janitorial Staff and students in the 
master teacher program. 

The tentative Senate version includes 
$72.2 million more for the community 
colleges than what Deukmejian 
proposed. The Senate Budget and Fiscal 
Review subcommittee responsible for 
education budgets has suggested an 
additional S185 miDion for the rwo-year 
schools, but the full committee opted 
yesterday to endorse a Republican 
caucus plan . 

Under a proposal by Sen. Jim Nielsen 
(R-Chico), the colleges would receive 
$20 million for equipment replacement, 
S 10 miDion for a matriculation plan to 
track community college SlUdems' 
progress, and 530 million Nielsen said 
would materialize if the community 
colleges change their attendance 
accounting procedures. 

Sen. Alan Robbins (D-Van Nuys) 
broke a tie vote which gave Nielsen's 
proposal the upper hand over the 
subcommittee's suggestion. 

Nielsen wamed that the 
subcommittee's proposal was too large 
and would be turned down by 
Deukmejian. He called his package 
"realistic, practical-something I'm 
convinced can find bipartisan 
suppon . . .. I guarantee that if you send 
SI85 million down there IDeukmejian's 
office J, you wiD not get it." 

-,. Jane Roeeabaa 

establish the uc Council.on Affirmative 
Action , a S1udent-run affirmative action 
program the UC Student lobby 
proposed. 

Under Lobby Director Jim Lofgren's 
proposal, one full-time affirmative action 
coordinator would be hired to work 
with paid S1udent interns at each 
campus. Student interns could work 
with already-established campus 
affirmative action committees, monitor 
those committees or contact minority 
S1udents who have been admitted to UC 
to convince them to aaend. i:J 

TO ALL 
UCSD STUDENTS 

BECOME 
A 

TEACHER 
The Teacher Education Program invites 
all students to a meeting Wednesday, 

May 29 at 3:00 p.m., room 100 Social 
Sciences Building, Third College, to learn 

how you can become an elementary 
school teacher. If you are unable to 

attend, feel free to call 452-2957 for 
more information. 



8 Tuesday, May 28, 1985 

Academic SeNices 
MONDAY ..... DAY 
IIJCHIOO pili - SIGI, System of Interactive 
Guidance and Information is a COI11JUtrr-
based program of career· Information 
dtsigned to help you dari~)OOr values and 
ocrupatlonal Interests. For more information, 
come to career Services Center. In HL 1058. 
1110-4100 pili - Finals Prep PAL 
Conferences-Do you feel confident about 
}OUI" finals 7 Do you knoIN what to stu~ and 
row to leam for total recall7 Can you write a 
strong answer to essay questions1 Do you 
know how to score higt1 on rru/t4>1e c;tlojce 
and true or false questions7 Do you budget 
}OUr test time11t you answered "No" to arPf 
at these questions, schedule a PAL 
conference and learn how to do your best on 
ex.YTls. Sponsored ~ the OASIS Reading and 
Stuc1j Skills Centrr. In usa 4010. 
'100-4100 Pili - Grammar Moses 
Hot~ine-A gr~mar hotllne phone-in 
seMce for help WIth diction. grammar and 
punctuation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses call 452-2284 between the hours of 
9:0<K:OO Monday-Fri~. ~onsored t1f the 
OASIS Writing Center. Service available 
throughout the quarter, 
'110-4100 pili - D~ln Hours. For 
quest~ns pertaining to career planning, job 
hunt!ng, resum~ critiquing, etc. 
~polntments ~ also be scheduled in the 
momlng ~ calling career Services Center at 
452-3750. 
MONDAY 
Z.o.IIOO Pili - 0.".515 Brainstorming 
Session for Ut/French 10. 25, 50 classes. 
Reading and writing assiglments In the 
abOVe dasses will be disrussed in order to 
help stu~ts generate Ideas and colflX'Se 
an appropriate response. In USB 4070. 
TUESDAY & MDNDOAY 

7~1IOO pili - What you do this week 
will have evelything to do with how well 
}<)ur finals go. Start now with enough time to 

work ~r that top gracle and get the 
syn~izer-the test prep tectnlque for 
puttIng 10 weeks into one memorable 
CAtalogue at Information. Where7 At the 
new evening TECH(nlquej TAlKs on Speed 
Reading for Humanities and Social Science 
(TUesday, May 28, in Blake FourLoungejand 
Test Prep for Physics and Calculus 
(Wednesday, May 29 In Argo Two Loungej. 
TUUDAY 
9100-11100 .... - Mr. Jack Voller will be 
taki.ng his. qualifying exams in 
Enghsh/Amencan Uterature. In TCHB 119. 

10~12loo pili - Memory Control-
Develop total memory control. If for-
getting information Is something you can 
do WIthoUt, don't miss this workshopl We'll 
oover the mind power tectnlques known as 
mnemonics (associations, visualization, and 
key word pegsJ and talk about how to stuc1j 
for total recall. Sponsofed t¥ OASIS Reading 
and Stuc1j Skills Center. At PASIS Third Place. 
IIOo-ZIOO pili - Ms. Kerf ~igh wi" be 
tsklng her M ,A . Thesis exam in 
English/American Uterature. In TCHB 119. 
1100-1100 pili - The Language Progam 
l...eve/ I and II-ThIs OASIS progrcm Ibcuses 
on the thinking skil~s you need to successful~ 
hanck the readIng and · writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is des/gled for 
those wh:> want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught ~ 
reading and writing specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented ~ the OASIS Writing 
Center and the 0.".515 Reading Center. In 
TIOga Hall, 902. 
Zl~ pm -Interested in Medldneor 
Dentlstry7 Drop-in advising in open sessions. 
In the Career Services Center at Student 
Center Building A. 
MDNISDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/MBA Advising. 
Planning on a Graduate, Law or MBA degree 

-...a en ar 
progrcm aftrr UCS01 Help with admission 
and application questions today by 
appointment only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 for more detailed 
information. In the Student Center Bldg. A 

~IIIOO .. - Ms. Betsy Jordan will be 
takIng her dissertation defense In 
English/AmerIcan Literature. In TCHB 119. 
.... 11100 .. -Interested in MedIcine or 
Dentlstry7 Orop-ln acMslng in open sessions. 
In the Career Services Center at Student 
Center Building A. 
11,., , ..... - \XIhat can you do with 
45 minutes7 Get a piece of the learning 
system that makes a dlfferencel Attend the 
TECH(niquej TAlK on SCORE-a system for 
pulling together the whole course and 
predicting finals eJCafT1 questions. Presented 

~ OASIS Reading and St~ Skills Center. In 
USB 4010. 
1100-1100 pili - Ms. Ectla Hod1ett will be 
~ng her qualifying exams in German 
Literature. In TCHB 119. 
2100 4100 pili - Finals Prep-Bring your 
course materials and get organized tor flnalsi 
You'll learn row to apply the successful 

• SC~E system, predia test questions, and 
revJeY,/ tor total preparation in any course, 
Sponsofed ~ the OASIS Reading and SIU~ 
Skills Center. In the Student Center BuIlding 
B, Conference Room. 
1100 pm - Interviewing Sklils Workshop. 
~ you need help in preparing for job 
interviews1 CNeer Services Center will 
provide tips on the best w¥ to present your 
qualifications and what kind ot intenliew 
questions to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
1HUIISDAY 

- Interested in the Health Professions 1 
AcMsing appointments available for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
prepararlon. call Career Services Center at 
4_52-4939 In advanC! tor an ~ntment 

. 

but no e.YIIer than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
1 ..... ,1100 .. - Mr. David Blackbum 
will be taking his MA Thesis ex.YTl on that 
!Sly In Conference Aoom 119 TCHB (Third 
College Humanities Bui/dngj. MA Thesis 
eJCafT1 In English/AmerIcan Utrrature. 
11»1100 pili - Graduate School~/ 
MBA AcMMg. PlannIng on a Graduate, Law 

. or MBA degree program after UCSD1 Help 
IMth admissions and application questions 
please drop In ~. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
2100 .... - The Marketable ResunW 
wortcshop. Leam how to ccnstruct a state-
okhe-art resu~ that will make )'OU stand 
out from the crowd. In this ~ revised 
wOOcshop. Sponsored by CMeer Services 
cerrer. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

~IIOO pM - ~S Brainstorming 
Session for Ut/Spanish 10, 25, 50 classes. 
Reading and writing assIglments In the 
abolle classes will be clscussed In order to 
help students generate IdNs and co"llOSt' 
an appropriate response. In USB 4070. 
PlllDAY 

~IOIOO .. - The OASIS GM 
IGrammar & Medlanlaj Workshop In 

~ AJr students who would like to 
work on clarifylng basic grammatical 
concepts and categories, and applying them 
In an extensive, systematic series of praalcal 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purchased ~ the student will be used. Ail 

• ....ork will be COlT1>leted in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 4070. 

Recreation 
1UUDAY. WllDNDDAY 
8100 pili - COnllTlJnIcation Department's 
Feminist Theater proc1.tctlon of "Female 
Gramtl." In MCC 140. 
n.IDAY 
7110 ,. - An ellening at the Salpps 
Aquarium-Come wit the Aquarium for a 
guided tour and a behind the scenes look. 
Sponsored by The Ocean Club of 
Califomja-Refreshments seNeCI. Call 223-
3748 tor more information. 
8100 pili - UCSO Gospel Cholr-directed 
by Rev. Glenn Jones, sing spirituals I In 
Mande\lil/e AudItorium. 
~y . 
8100 .... - FaculT,y Chamber Serles-Musk: 
of Yestero.t. Debussy: ttY~ late wnatas. 
WIth: CatoI PBlt.YntXa. soprano and .JoITI 
ForMIIe, flute. In the MandMlIe RecItal Hall. 
IScholarship BenefIt) General AdmissIon: 
55.00; Students, Senior CitJzens and Staff: 
51.00. 
1HUIllDAY 
....... pili - Language Tables: Come 
and practice your Frend1, Spanish or German 
CNef dinner. All interested students-

~ ~ speakers iR most cordial~ 
invited. Dinner on meal ard or cash basis. 
Native speakers can have meals prOllided-
call 455-0157 for information. In the South 
Dining Hall of the Revelle cafeteria. 
8100 pili - Bass Master's Recital-Jim WIn 
ot'ters music of the ages. In the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 
IAlUlmAY 
7100 pili - Video Night "Amie Hair' 
presented t¥ Union ot .Jewish Students. In 
the North Conference Room. 

. 

Servi ces/Works hops 
n8DAY 
12 ... 1110 .. - DId you know there Ne 
on~ /bur BIrtft ContToIinfo sessions left In the 
qu~rter177 Don't mIss out on this 
Informatllle, Informal sessIon-Men and 
WOmen welcome. In the ~ Lounge of 
the Srudent Health Center. 
..a_DAY 
12100-1100 pM - The Guru says 
"Aw¥eness Is the key to perception: 
~cepdon Is the door to understandng." In 
reference to contraception. keys are raW 
being distributed at your loaII birth control 
information sesslon. In the Upper l...eve/ of the 
Student Health Center. . 
12100-1110 pM - The Celebration at ute 
contInuesl Come "Check Yourself Out" at the 
C¥n StI!ps from 12-1 pm. Check out your 
bo4' co~ and blood pressure and 
hili! your questions answered ~dlng 
NutrItIon and the PrM!l'ltion of Sports 
InjJrIes. Don't miss It I 

lectures 
W.DNISDAY 
7100 ..... - Leaure Disrussion on "Race 
lXllty." a Bahai viewpoint sponsored t1f the 
BahaI CkJb at UCSD. In the Multipurpose 
Room. 

Tuesday May 28 198.5 9 
••.• ~._ •. ~ •. ~ ... '·'h •.. 

Religious 
MONDAY ...... DAY 
.... pili-catholic Mass. Sponsored t1f the 
Utt10IIc Comrru1ity at UCSD. In the 
I.kWerSity Luther., Churd'l. 
TUlllMY 7.. ,. - Tuesday NIght DIscussion 
Group. Topic: "All the Ouesdons Sister Mal)' 
Ignatius CDUkt1't ;wwer for you," An open 
ibrum. Sponsored ~ the CatholIc Student 
CoordInatan. In the CathoNc Lounge at the 
lXlNerslt¥ Luther., Church. 
7 ....... pili - AsIan AmerIcan Christian 
FelIowshIp-Ton/gIt will be a night of 
sharing. EIII!I)'O'le will ~ an opportunity to 
reflect on row God has been working In 
their 1iYes. Singing begins at 7:15. In the North 
Conter~ Room. 
WllDNISDAY 
I ... pM - lXldergraciJate forum led ~ 
ca~ Pastor ..10m Huber. In the Pastor's 
s~ at the lXlillenl,¥ Lutheran Church. 
.100 ..... - Spedal En~f~Year Dinner 
AJr undergrackJates, hosted ~ the Lutheran 
Students at UCSO, AJHowed ~ an optional 
planrWlg session for the fall quarter. No 
fesefVations. .AJst come or call 453-0561. In 
the Fellowship Room of the ~ty 
Lutheran Church. 7," pM - Inter-Varsl'¥ Christian 
FeIIoIN5hip meets Wed. night at 7 pm In the 
Chancellor's Co"",ex "/AlII lAst week we 
ventured and found out that God CAN be 
found on Revetle. This .......eek we're bad< at 
safe and beautiful Warren Campus. Come 
join ~ for some good ....orshlp and 
fellowshipl 
7100 pM - Lecture DisClJSSion on "Race 
lklIly," a BahaI viewpoint sponsored t¥ the 
BahaI CkJb at UCSO. In the Multipurpose 
/b)m. 
MO pili - Inquirers Seminar led t1f Pastor 
.Jotn Huber: "Is There ute Mer Birth and 
DeathT All Welcome. In the Lounge of the 
U'liIIersi,¥ Lutheran Church. 
MO pili - Contemplative meditation 
exerdse in the Catholic Lounge led by Fr. 
Frank. Sponsored ~ the CathoiIc Srudent 
Coordinators, In the Unillenlty Lutheran 
Church. 
10100 ..... - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
~ the catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Chapel of the Unillenl,¥ Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
1141 ..... - The Thurs~ Climer. Good 
food and great co"1)anY. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. S2.00 
donation. In It1e lXlillenl,¥ Lutheran Church, 
7100 ..... - Caf"Il)US Crusade for Christ-
Come and experience our an~aI Talent 
Show. Join In with the fun and ~Iowship. In 
Bomer Hall 2105. 

7~9100 filii - United Campus Mlnlsoy 
sponsored weei<~ Bibll! Studies. Take a 
moment for some Christian reflection and 
fellowship. Ail iIIe welcome, week~ topic. 
open disrusslon. In the Student Center Bldg. 
B, South Conference Room. 
SAn.MY 
2100 pili - Beach Bar-B-Oue & Pi01ic. /\!teet 
at the Catholic Lounge to arpool to beach. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. In the Catholic Lounge at the 
lXlillenl,¥ Lutheran Church. S2.SO donation. 
IlOO pIII- catholic Mass. Sponsored t¥ the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
lXliversi1y l..utheran Churd'l. 
SUNDAY 
Il00. 9111. & 1 '100 .... - Episcopal 
Church WOrship Service: Su~ Eucharist 
and Parish 1l!l1owshIp. In the Good SamarItan 
Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Genesee f\'om east end ot campus, 
north of La Jolla VIllage Dr. Intersection of 
Genesee. 
..... -Catholic Mass. Sponsored t¥ the 
catholic COlI'1ITIJnIty at UCSO. In the L.ower 
Levet Conferencr Room of the Student 
Center BulIdng B. 
10100 ... - Lutheran COlI'1ITIJnion litur!b' 
on Trinity Sunday wIIIlndude the baptism of 
Valerie ~ Guldit In the Chapel of the 
lXlillenl,¥ Lutheran Church. 
11111 ... - Lutheran/QthoHc/EpiscopaI 
panel disaJssIon on the 2nd ft"IM!fsaIy 0( 
the ecumenical CD\IefliIIlt of these . three 
campus ministries. In Che Lounge of the 
lkliIIenI,¥ Lutherarl Churd'l. 
S ... pIII- catholic Mass, Spa1SCRd t1f the 
catholic Comrrunity at UCSO. 
7.00 .... - Lutheran COI1Y1'IJrion liturgy on 
Trinity Sunday. In the Chapel of the ~ 
Lutheran Church. . 
all .... - Episcopal Church \lVorship 
Servia: Folk Mass. In the Good 5arnarItan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

photos by 
Dawn Mam'kunlan 

Organizational 
TUlSDAY 
8100 pili - Surf CkJb Meets. Come find out 
about the Beer Open SerIes to be held 
SaturcBi of the 9th and 10th weeks. Also we 
need Input for next year's club actMties. In 
usa 3050. 
VRDNDDAY 
1100 ..... - American Indian Student 
Council CkJb Elections for 1985-86 school 
year and general meeting. Af¥lne inter~ted 
in running br dub otnces /ruSt attend. In the 
SAAC Lounge. 
tIOO pili - Save Mono Lake COIMlittee-
will present a general information meeting in 
G-House, There will be a slide srow and 
disrussion to AJllow-purpose is to hform 
students of this environmental issue-what 
southern Califomians can do (I~. Water 
Consetvatlonjl In G-House, TIoga Dorms, 
Muir College. 
1HUIISDAY 
Il004100 pili - Biomedical Engineering 
Sodety-Last meeting of the year will select 
next year's officers and decide on a barbecue 
at the end of the quarter. call Ouan at 279-
7482 for more info. In the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 
IlOO pili - Surf CkJb Meeting. Sign ups for 
final Beer Challenge ot the year. Preliminary 
planning for next year will ocrur and a final 
surf dub baSh will be dlsrussed. In USB 3050. 



10 Tuesday, May 2~, ) 985 

Where's e university press heading? 
By RENEE WENRICK Pmpcc/rves Editor 

EDITORS OF DAILY , biweekly, and weekly UC newspapers gathered around a conference table last 
weekend in the UC Santa Barbara 
Nexus Library. Two 12-packs of Coke 
and its diet counterpart passed between 
representatives from the Daily Cal, 
Aggie , New University , Bruin and 
Guardian. Included in the participants 
wasJane Rosenberg, the Sacramento 
Correspondent of one year, a position 
that was implemented in 1983, to ensure 
state capital coverage for all the UC 
campus newspapers. 

Rosenberg propped her open-toed 
worn sandals up on the table next to 
the empty Coke cartons and aggressively 
slated her suggestions for next year. 
There has to be a consistent writing 
style that the Sacramento correspondent 
can follow for aU stories rather than a 
panicular style for each UC newspaper, 
the result of which would be eight 
different versions of the same story, she 
argued. Yet Rosenberg's cries for a 
collective style reflect one side of a 
double-edged sword emerging within 
UC journalism. 

With the recent anti-apanheid 
movement, college newspapers have 
realized there are definite benefits to 
~operation and timely communicalions 

CITYOn a HilL 

between college newspapers. For the 
first time in many years UC campuses 
relied on each other for i£lfonnation 
regarding a subject that concerned all. 
Contact among them was imperative to 
the development of accurate and timely 

stories and thus the strength of an 
efficient communication system, such as 
a computer network connecting the 
campuses were magnified. Not 
surprisingly, then, this was the other 
agenda topiC beyond the subject of the 
Sacramento correspondent discussed by 
the students gathered around the 
conference table that day. 

The proposed computer network, if 
implemented in the fall , will enable 
campus newspapers to display the leads 
of their top stories and all those stories 
relevant to other campuses onto 
computer screens in the other eight 
newspaper olfices. If a newspaper 
deCides to use another paper's story 

The 
.'" California Aggie 

then they can simply request the 
entirety of that particular story which 
can then be sent over the computer in a 

maller of seconds. 
All the editors at the meeting were in 

favor of a common computer system as 
a means towards better communication, 
but many papers opposed too much 
commonality in favor of autonomy 
above any sort of syndication. UC 
Davis, however, argued that its office 
could be used as an editing check-pOint 

where stories in the process of being 
sent to the other campuses would be 
routed through Davis for basic editing. 
This, they explained, would aDowone 
particular editor to oversee the new 
system and to filter out grammatical 
mistakes within the stories. The more 
editors on a story the better, they 

argued. Others disagreed with tliis 
rationale and said the editing should be 
left solely to each individual newspaper 
as the unique styles among campus 
papers were not to be influenced by the 
editing style of one particular Davis 
student. The double-edged sword had 
surfaced as the question arose: To what 
extent do the UC papers influence each 
other through a computer network, 

through a common correspondent in 
Sacramento, and in the exchanging of 
stories and general information? 

Nevenhe1ess the trend . indicates that 
UC papers are moving in the directi9n 
of closer ties with each other, the extent 
of which, as of now, is unknown. For all 
UC papers, including biweeklys like th~ 
Guardian. this means that they will 
increasingly become a daily source of 
information for the other eight 
campuses through news, opinions, 
spons, featurts and an. 

~ .. : : : : ."ilii· '· i ~~f--' '~'I..I-H+I • • 'f . , ,to ••• • , • • •• •• 1. '" . . . " . . . ~;.I~ ~~ :: ::!:"'~l~' 6mJwtm 
Rosenberg repositioned herself in her 

chair. her shoes no long£r acting as 
conference table center-piece. and 
taking one final gulp said , 'And another 
thing you have to decide is whether or 
not you want a Berkeley correspondent 
If you want the Regents by the throat 
you need to be there gathering 
information. 

"There's more news at Berkeley than 
in Sacnameruo," she insisted. The runds 
aren't there ror anothc:r off-campus 
reporter, the group decided, but the 
possibility of having first-hand coverage 
in the future of UC Regents' events and 
issues was not overlooked. ~ 

ow a Woman Wears the Cape in Perspectives 
Faster than a media internship, more powerful than a diploma, able to leap 
into journalism with a Single bound ... . 

It's the words 

It's the fame 

Be a supeIWriter! 

Bring your cape to our 
ne~ Perspectives WIiters' 
meeting Tuesday,June 4 at 
3:00 pm at the Guardian 
office, next door to the Che 
Cafe. 

- - .---.. 

Be the Best You Can Be 

SIVLE BV ANTHONY WAlKER 

This coupon entities bearer to 
$3.50 off any service. 

Offer expires July 1, 1985 

~~ETII ()." LONDON 
7580 Fay Aveni Ie. Suite A La Jolla, CA 92037 

MASTER CHARGE-VISA (619) 456-2044 HAIR & NAILS 

STUDENT HEALTH 
SUMMER SERVICES 

OPEN TO 
- summer students 

continuing students 
June graduates 

_ graduate/medical students 

$~~~~~I. ~~~u~~t~.~t~AL TH \F\EE'/f 
if summer erirolled,fee is 
included in summer reg. fee 

BEGINS JUNE 17 th 
I NCLUD ES --------==== ~ 

- primary care -----------= 
= ~~s~ea~~s clinic------- ~// / I 
- x-ray 
- lab 

ADDITIONAL LOW COST FOR 

// - vip insurance - medications 
- pap smears 
- methods of birth control 
- dental care ' / - eye care / / 

ANY QUESTIONS 111 
CALL '452-3300 

Tuesday, May 28, 1985 11 

YlIri1 Y<O>M 
C(Q)mm]p)~tefr<e Thlla 

lPutCmwte ? 
Then maybe you fit 
our picture of what 

a GaardIaD 
Illustrator should 
be~ If you can make 
an Idea come to life 

with a pencil and 
eraser, come in and 
show us your stuft'. 

CaB us at 452-3468 
to ammge an 

interview, and make 
yourself a part of 

the GaardIaD 
picture. 

3 SBSSIORS 

.Summer Credits 
$5 A Unit 

Transferrable To UCSD 
Enroll at San Diego 
Co~unity Colleges 

G.B. Requirement. 
Math 0 English 0 Economics 0 Speech 
Art 0 Statistics 0 Calculus 

LaDiuag. 
Spanish 0 French 0 German 0 Italian 
Chinese 0 Ja.panese 0 Russian 

V .. tul 8JrtlJa 
Data. Processing 0 Word Processing 
Accounting 0 Typing 0 Automotive 
Interior Design 0 Travel &! Tourism 

CLASS_ BBam 
. nBB I, JU1IlI 17 ~ JULY 8 

City College 
1313 Tweltt.h 
230-2475 

Mesa College 
7250 Mesa College Dr. 
560·2682 

ECC 
4343 Ocean View Blvd. 
230-2851 

M1rarnar College 
10440 Black Mtn, Road 
693-6844 

• 



12 Tuesday, May 28, 1985 

//n~~~(~) ) 
o O(~( ==:J:~~( ~»)I OJ 

AS Council Meeting 
Tuesday, May 29 at 9 pm and 
Wednesday, May 30 at 6:30 pm 
1985-86 Budgets will be discussed 

Lecture Notes Sales End 
on Friday, May 31 (9th Week) 4 pm 
So prepare for finals now! Don't be caught without 
ASUCSD Lecture Notes, $ll / qtr. Great,typed 
notes. Subscriptions available for: 

Current otes for: Bio 1, 2, 3, 20, 101 , 106, 131 , 156, 
Chern 6B (Hearns), 6C, 140B, EECS 50C, Poli Sci 12, 
Psych 4, 103, 168, Soc 10. 

Old Notes For: Bio 15 (Holland), Comm 20 (Cole), 
ECON 100B (Guasch), Chern 6B (Sarey), Bio 153 
(Kristan), ECON 120A (White), EECS 70 (Cohen), 
History 2C. Sales end: May 31 at 4 pm. 

$$$$$ JOBS ' $$$$$ 
Applications being accepted for 
ASUCSD Lecture Notes: Office 
worker, notetakers, manager. 
First: Get a job referral from the job board, then 
(and only then) schedule an interview at the 
office. Great pay. Jobs will close soon. All jobs to 
begin fall quarter 1985. 

"Female Grafitti" 
Tuesday (5/28) &: Wednesday (5/29) 

8 pm in MCC 140 and its Free 

Car Wash for Ethiopia 
Come to the 76 station on Fay and Pearl streets (801 

Fay) in LaJolla on Sarurday,June 1 from 10 to 4 pm and 
have your car washed for $2 (trucks and vans $2.50). All 
proceeds go to the hunger project being sponsored by 
the Warren College Residential Life Staff. 

Women's Resource Center groups 
Lesbian/bisexual discussion group held every Tuesday 

from 4:30-6 pm at the WRC (nex( to the food coop.) 
Feminist discussion group held every Wednesday from 
4:30-6 pm at the WRC 

The non -violent side of martial arts 
The AOinagi Karate Club meets Tuesdays and Thursdays. 

Come join us as we emphasize the moral and non-violent aspect 
of the manial am. Beginner classes 7-8 pm. Wear sweats. In the 
wrestling room. 

Wanted: UC Student Lobby Annex 
The UC Student Lobby Annex lobbys locallegilators, 

UC officials and others for student concerns and needs. 
The Lobby Annex is also responsible for education on 
issues, dissemination of information and grassroots 
organizing. Lobby Annex Director - coordinate (he AS 
UC Student Lobby Annex. Assistant Lobby Annex 
Director for Federal Affairs, State Affairs and Municipal 
Affairs. All of the above positions provide great hands-
on experience plus (he oppottunity (0 traveL 

"Iphigenia" 
Friday, May 31 in TLH 107 

FREE 7 pm FREE 
Political Film Series sponsored by the Committee for World Democracy. 

ATIN: UCSD Students 
Only the follOwing organizations are formally 
recognized by your Inter-Fraternity Council as being 
a Greek Organization/Fraternity. Delta Sigma Phi, 
Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Nu, Tau 
Kappa Epsilon, Zeta Beta Tau. Before signing any 
type of form with other organizations claiming to be 
Greek, other than those listed above, get aU the facts 
from you Inter-Fraternity Council through Randon 
E. Woodard (Greek advisor 452-4083) in the 
Student Activities Office. Be Informed. 

Incest film premieres at UCSD 
Breaking Silence, a film on incest and the sexual abuse 

of children produced 6r directed by Theresa T ollini will 
screen hert Wednesday, May 29 and Thursday, May 30 
at 7:30 pm in Pererson Hall, Room 110. Tickets are 
available at UCSD Central Box Office 452-6467. Tickets 
are $5.00 general admission and $3.00 for students. 
Sponsored by the UCSD Women's Resource Center and 
Counseling and Psychological Services. 

Si~a Nu brings you 

"Party Without a Cause" 
Featuring: Notice to Appear 

Saturday, June 1 
In the Recreation Gym 

$2.00 admission at the Box Office 
Refreshments • Dancing 

Attention: Gym Steps now 
available for NOON concerts. 
Contact UEO for details 
x4090. 1st come 1st served. 

"A knock .. }'OUr-socks 
~ fantastically 
frightening and 
lusciously gory 
monster movie!' 
LIFE MAGAZINE 

AN 
AMERICAN 
WEREWOLF 
INIPNDON 
POLYIiRAM PK. -rURES PRESENTS 
A Ln·ANTHROPt: FllM~ LIMITE I) PROOU<.:TION 
AN AMERIl·AN WERt. WULF IN lONIlON 
STARRINC; nA"1Il NAl)C;HR)N.jENNY A!;UTTER . 
C ;RlmN IIUNNE "j()HN Wl.X)f)VINE 
OIlK;INAL MUSIL' BY E .... ER BERNSTEIN 

~XEt:unVE PROnlJURS PlTER C ;U8ER "jON PlTERS 
PROnlJt:E1l RY C ;t.ORC;t. FOl.SEY. JR. 
WRITTEN ANIlI)JREl. TEll RY JOHN LANIJlS 

~I~;.-=I 
Friday, May 31 in PH ' 110 

7 & 9 pm $2 at Box Office 
presented by the Rugby Club 

Spring Communication Seminar 
featuring Kathy Diamond (TV), Andy 
Friedinburg (Film) and Nate Kositsky 
(Advenising). Everyone welcome on May 
30 at 4 pm in Nonh Conference Room. 
Sponsored by Women in Communication and Communication dub 

Assorted Vinyl 
Important!: 

As of June 7, 1985 all outstanding credit will be 
invalid, so be sure to come into the store before the 
last day of this-quarter to use your credit slips. Also, 
remember that all merchandise is 10% off during the 
10th week - come in and save even more than 

before! Free gifts with quantity p urchases, too! 

Assorted Vinyl -Your Music Source 
In the student center, on the other side from 
the General Store. 

The Union of Jewish Students presents 

A "Free" Video Night featUring 
"Annie Hall" 

June 1 at 7 pm in Nonh ConE. Rm. 

Check yourself out 
The Celebration of Life continues on Wednesday 

from 12-1 pm a( the Hump with a program called 
"Check . ~ourself Out." Come check out your body 
composltlon and blood pressure. In addition, Bamara 
Haggeny will be available to answer questions about 

nu~t~~n and Dr. Harris will answer questions regarding 
fleXIbIhty, posture and the prevention of spons injuries. 

Attn: Student Orgs 
Bizarre Bazaar/FFOG will be held October 

4, 1985. To panicipate contact your program 
advisor at UEO x4090. 

All You Can Eat Enchiladas! 
This Wednesday (5/29) at the Che Cafe. We need 

volunteers! Come earn food credit for just 2 hours of 
your time. Cherries are in season and we've got our 
special smoothies! We're below HL. Corne and eat 
healthy. 

FREE accessory(s) with purchase in our 
Hewlett Packard 41,71 series promotion. 

For a limited time only, only at the 

General Store Coop 
Open 8:45-5:00 Mon-Fri 

in the student center 

.. 



- '. 

Cover story 

The Cuban Middle-Blocker Crisis 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Staff WriUr 

BEFORE WINNING AN OLYMPIC gold medal, the perfonnance of a learn fluctuates during a match 
according to coordination , cooperati9n 
and confidence. Last spring, the pre-
Olympic USA Men 's Volleyball Team left 
Cuba defeated 5-3 in match scor.~s 
before splitting 3·3 here in the States. 
But in the summer, while the Cubans 
were boycotting the lA Games, the 
Americans pumped gold into their 
veins. 

Now a year since the world 's number-
one and two-ranked teams mer at SDSU, 
the five remaining usA Olympians have 
given a transfUSion to the new members 
of the Men's Volleyball Team: The gold 
reins in the veins as they win the 
games. 

Is there any doubt who the reigning 
Olympians are after Sunday night's 
three-game sweep of the Cubans in the 
UCSD main gym, the second sweep in a 
four-match , three-city West Coast mini-
tour? If so, the golden hard sweat tans 
of our Olympians will shine again in 
tonight's 7:30 rematch against the 
Cubans in the main gym. 

If you arrive at 6:30 you will wi mess a 
repeat of the USA and Cuba wann-ups 
that make our gym look like a ping-
pong table, Sunday night dozens of 
white balls lofted into the air like white 
puffed popcorn in a popper. Every 
player's eyes were transfixed on the 
balls, never diverting to acknowledge the 
audience. This was a private thing 
between the USA and Cuba. 

It was apparent to evetyone In the 
gym that the first casualty of the evening 
would be {he gym Itself. A few light 
fixtures on the lugh overhead ceiling 
will need replacement before the 
rematch, "The gym is tOO small for this 
kind of a\lack," said UCSD women 's 
coach Doug Dannevik as one ball was 
spiked against the high [lYing purple Karch Kiraly: This man has a 40-inch verticlt jump. 

banner of our 1984 NCAA National 
Championship women's volleybaB team. 

The match was marked by dominant 
USA net offensive spikes and defensive 
digs that kept Ihe audience gasping and 
cheering for two hours. The fever of San 
Diego champions that has put the 
Padres and Sockers on top spread to the 
San Diego-based USA team and Marv 
Dunphy, the new coach who watches 
his ream continue undefeated under his 
helmsmanship. 

Ralph Smilh and Jeff Stork set the 
fever of the evening as they 
demonstraf£d that Olympian Dusty 
Dvorak has been ~placed by equal 
talent. Smith serwd the opening offense 
with Karch Kiraly, Pat Powers, Steve 
Salmons, Aldis Berzins and the evening's 
top spiker. Craig Buck. 

Accurate spikes kept the margin to 
two poinls with a long series of 
turnovers early in the first game, and 
the USA led 6-4. Then Buck crashed the 
net as the score soared to 10-4. Three 
sideann serves by Cuban Abel 
Sannienros tightened the score to 10-7 
with the help of Leonardo "Magic" Silie, 
Cuba's 6-8 setter and outside hitter, The 
score inched higher, with the final point 
falling lazily in the Cuban coun after a 
fumbling at {he net. 

The Cubans scored their firsr point of 
the second game with the soft-much loft 
the Brazilians almost defeated Ihe USA 
with duri.ng the OlympiCS. But the 
Americans only needed one reminder to 
seal that hole in their defense . As the 
Cuban concentration and confidence 
wained , the USA lept {o a 6-3 lead as 
the rebounds of Buck's spikes continued 
10 damage the ceiling. 

After a timeout, Ihe Cubans showed 
their spark of last spring, trimming the 
score to 11·12, At a substitution, the 
announcer mtroduced the special guests 
for the evening: USA gold medal coach 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 15 > 

USA spiker faltts Cuban. 

Volleyball 
< CONllNUED fltOtot PAGE lot\. 
Doub Seal and USA training camp 
director-and UCSD alumnus-I<eny 
Klostermann. Both watched the power 
return, reminiscent of the Games, with 
the finishing three points. 

The third set staned with the first 
Cuban lead of the night, but the USA 
quickly regained the lead at 5·2 by 
repeating the dominance shown in the 
first two games through stunning net 
play. With an underdog'S ferocity, the 
Cubans bit back to a 6-6 rie during the 
best series of rallies of the night. Then 
the USA muzzled the attacking 
underdogs for five unanswered points. 
Breaking loose again, the Cubans 
came to within twO points, 11-9, only 
to be finaDy pe:med up at the end , 
15-9. 

After the game, as volleybaD fans and 
reporters viewed and interviewed their 
favonte USA players , one lone Cuban 
player who consistently demonstrated 
his exceDence on the coun sat crying in 
the darkened balcony stairwell; more 
than a volleyball game had been lost 
rhat Sunday evening. As he looked up 
and forced a smile, one knew he would 
return Tuesday to chaUenge the golden 
Olympians again. E£J 

Fa.tn11y Planning: 
a choice, & rospons1b1llty 

..,." .... "" • III. .'=.' .• 11 h M • 

. ..-... ,....,...., 
with reeulta wb1le 70U walt 

• UnplMnedprepanqy! 
general or 100&1 &D.IIthe8i& 

• Birth oontrol 
• 0:Jne00l0Ci0&l o:&m8 

Tuesday, May 28, 1985 15 

A Cuban conrltcts with a pair of USA blockers. 

W .. IUD mel .... aowds blessed Saturday's 
San Dtqo Diving Spectacular. Canyonvicw Pool 
took on • disdncdy Olympic air as several diving 
medaIlscs puc on a two show exhibition, dockwise 
£rom Mr. louganis himself, Michelle Mitchell (in 
two poses), Wendy Williams, and Jim Gray show 
their stuff. 

SCRIPPS AQUAIUUM 
COME VISITlHEAQUARIUM 
FORA GUIDED rouRANDA 
'..3I."Jo\I""'~ BEHIND mE SCENES LOOK 

... w..h ... __ Itd-
CII ~37.11r _ w" 



- . 11 

.. 

16 Tue £1m, May 28, J 985 

ClassIfIed ad\Iertlslng spKe Is sold In 100-
chanItter Increments. Each letter. ~ 
INIrk Met SfNICe between words Is considered 
~ cNnIcter, wtth ~ Ienen counttng as 
two chlntten. The ra Is $1 per 100 charKtlerS 
tor SIUdena and $3 per 100 chaI1ItWn tor non-
SIUdenb. You must come by the ofnce or INIllln 
)'OUr ad, as we requIre ~ In .tvance of 
publlQdon. Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesdily tor 
ThJrsdIIy's paper, 5 pm Friday for Monday's 
~per. For more InfoI'rMtlon alII 452-]466, 
The c;u.rdlan, UCSO, 8-016, La JoII~, CA 
92093. 

Violin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
IndMdual or shared lessons. Helen Martin, 
457-0671. 16/6) 
Applications row accepted for student 
posItions on UC PresIdentIal and Academic 
Senate COrMllttees. All majors encouraged to 
apply. App's and info available at student 
govemment offices or call UC Student Lobby 
(916) 442-3827. 15/28) 
SUMMER INTERNSHIPS. UC Student Lobby 
row recruiting Intems to work on polity 
analysis, legislation, media relations, graphic 
design, women's Issues iWld student Issue. 
AGldemic credit available. For Info iWld app's 
call (916) 442-3827. 15/28) 
LA JOllA ACADEMY OF ADVERTISING 
ARTS I-yr. course &job placement assista'lce 
in advertising, design, copy, pro<iJction, 
sales, marketing or pub/idty. /\low enrolling 
for June 17. Free catalog 459-0201. 16/6) 
Free Love to a good home; I yr. old female 
Collie/~herd mix. Very sweet iWld smart 
tool CiOOf 226-6310. 15/30) 
Commuters: join us for a continental 
breakfast Thurs. May 30 7:30-9am in the Rev. 
Commuter Lounge. 5O¢115/28) 
Sigma Nu presents a "Party Without A 
cause" in the Rec Gym ths Sat 6/1 at 9pm. 
Featuring "Notice to Appear." Refreshments. 
Tickets S2 at Box Office. 15/301 
An Evening at the Snpps Aquarium. Come 
visit the Aquarium for a gUided tour and a 
behind the scenes look Tuesday May 28 7:30 
pm. Refreshments served. call 223-3748 for 
more informatIon. /5/281 

Beautiful antique solid oak & bird's t!!'jf! maple 
upright griWld piano. 1919 Storey & Clark. 
SI200. Jan 452-3466 days; 452-8654 eves. 
(6/6) 
Fiat Spyder 1969 red corr.tertlble. Classic. 
Needs some work. S5OO. call Dave 453-
9946· 15/28) 
75 Pontiac Astre, gd. condo 4 speed stick. 
S650. 263-7578. 16/6) 
Mirolta 35m camera S75, electric typewriter 
S99, Pioneer am/fm cassette car stereo SI35 
neg. 459-0870 pm. 15/281 
Volllo-1975 Immaculate, runs great Asking 
S2800 abo. 274-9162. 15/28) 
3 Surfboards, wetsuit massage table-all are 
$40 0( less /except ~uit). Call An~ 483-
6229. /5/301 
Classic '76 Honda CB400F. Mint condo low 
mi. Runs perfectl Slooo obo. call anytime 
259-8419. /5/281 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time &Moncy 
Our career profi Ie 

test; ng program wi II 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

LeARNiNG 
ceNTeR 

Honda MB5 motorcycle 1981 exc~lIent 
condtJon, gr61t transport. S400 for info. call 
587-0707. /5/281 
Adorable animal rubber star'll's: Cats, 
kittens, burnies, bears, pa1das, penguins, 
unicorns, ~tc.l CNer 320 deslglSl lJse on 
rotepads, brighten ~Iopes, checks, 

cr61t~ stationery, st/dcers ~c.1 Gr~at gift 
ideal Free catalogl Send SAS.E. 1.391 to: 
Critter car~ Center, P.O. Box 77, Solana 
Beach, CA 92075. 16/61 
Portable Corrputer, NEC 8201, and Epson 
printer. Ideal for taking class notes and 
writing papers. Many programs and a phone 
modem too. S600 Call canole at Guardian at 
452-6580 or home eves., 45+2917. 15/281 
/\lordica ski boot gift certificate. Your choice 
of model, size, and color. S200 or best. Call 
755-6594. 16/61 
FOR SALE: Calrulator HP34C with charger 
and dorumentation; Rossignal F200 Cd, bon 
mid-size tennis racket-MAKE ME AN 
OFFERIll call Guislain 455-9851 / Beagle 354. 
15/281 
Apple 11+; 64K; 80 colurm display; parallel 
printer card; green monito( Ill; SSDD disk 
drive; Epson RXB(}-F IT printer, hardly used; 
System Saver. AppJewriter II, compatible with 
Epson f~atures ; Visicalc ; locksmith. 
Everything needed for INOfd processing and 
spread sheets. Game paddles, sta'ld, misc. 
programs, programming manuals, 30 
diskettes inc.. All good condition. SI,ooo. 
SeiWl 450-3093, 452-6580. 15/281 
Touring bicycle 15 speed 57an Unlvega 
Specialisslmo w/corrpl~e set up for touring. 
S400 Roger 226-6310. 15/30) 
Women's large Seasult-3/8" thick-keeps 
you warm underwaterllncludes farmer jolYls 
and jack~. SI50 0( best offer. 569-7902, 
le<t.'e message. /5/28) 
.Jensen Triax, 75-watt door ~akers. Must 
sacrifice at $60. call Billy at 56tr 7273. 15/301 
O'Neil full ......etsuit and Infinity Fourtin. Make 
an offer. Scott 453-4894. 16/61 

15~allon aquarium; indudes wood stand, 
hood, pump, filter and accessories. S40. Call 
569-7902 ~eave messge. 15/281 
Brian Bulkley Trifin for sale, only 4 months old 
and clean make offer, also Hawaiian shapes 
for wholesale. Call Sean 452-1975. 16/6) 

klHHflllllll1 
Wanted: Talented people to write or 
illustrate for the GuardiiWl. call 452-6580. 
/6/6) 
Need t'NO drivers to south MaryliWld. All 
expenses paid. Re~rences required. 583-
3201 or 286-4370. 15/281 
Wanted: AW'. Student taking earth Sd4 to 
share lee notes & advise student of past & 
new assignments. Will pay SIO. Call eves. 

~5683 or days 452-2300. Ask for Eileen. 
15/281 
TYPISTS WANTED. We en looking for skilled 
twists to partidpate In an experiment on 
coordination. We will pay 55.00 per hour for 
the six hours of the experiment. The 
experiment is one hour ~r day for six days, 
and will tak~ place in the Psychology 
building. For further information, contact 

Mlkeat45~348IdayslorToddat589-2301 
leveningsl. 16/61 
Rider to DC ar~a.lv 7/8619-721-3350 afW 6 
pm. Mike. (5/281 
Gen. Clerical Worker. 2(}-25 very flexible hrs. 
at 6. 79/hr. Nu~r of hours may decrease 
next fall. Begin May 28. call Sharon at the 
Dept of Anesthesia, (days) 452-3865 or 

T~ /evel 450-9640. (5/281 
Wanted : Canvassers and phoners . 
Fundralslng a'ld initiative eduatlon. Call 293-
3661. Hot Issue. 15/301 
Female, non-smoker needed for 
sitter /COfYl)arlion for t'.NeIve year old girl, ~ 
or six ~nings, starting .Ju~ 16. Dln~r, 
wages. Two persons may share this job. Call 
944-1438. 15/281 
Models, hairstylist, La Jolla. Now 
interMwing for portfolio and possi~ TV 
appearances. Hairrut essential at no fee. 
Contact Rldlard at 454-9612 d¥, 451-0276 
eves./6I61 
WANTED: Two male 0( female to share room 
in ~I Mar 85-86 yr. Walk to ~ach/bUs. 
S260 & 1/4 ut. each. Call Steph/Julle 452-
8997/452-7769. 15/301 

WANTED: Ulfum. 3 BR or Irg. 2 BR hous~, 
Pacific ~ach, Clalremont U1iIIersIty City, 
Mission ~ach areas. Approx. S650/mo. 
UCSD ~, r~rences . .Jan, 452-3466 
days; 452-8654 eves. /6/61 
GREAT VAlUES IN PACIAC BCH. Bayview 2 
BR 2 SA. new decor. Pool, spa. 51161<. Also 
sharp 2 BR 1.5 SA only I blk to bay. Garage. 
S105K. Assumable loans. Call Jan, ~alty 
Center, Inc. 27(r8487 or 272-3700. 15/281 
Female Roommate wanted: summer & next 
fall. Near campus, own room, pool, jacuzzi. 
call Pam 457-5176. 15/301 
La Jolla PI~se needs summer housing: 
Sublets, rentals, roommates. Agreements 
sIgned. Call carol 452-6760. 16161 
2 females wanted to share large master 
bedroom and own bath in luxury condo by 
UCSD this summer and next year. Pool, 
jacuzzi, 2 car garage, washer, ~c. 245/mo 
+1.4 utilities. Call ~Iphlne or Christa at 457-
9607 eves. 15/281 
Fall rental Sept.-May. Fum. ocnfrnt ocn/~ 
\Aew apts studio 5320/mo I br 5525-550 2 br 
5775-850 3 br S12oo. Parking laundry facility. 
5200 to hold unit two months. Rent required 
prior occupancy 485-7319 ev. /6161 

N~ female roommat~ for Jul-Aug. 
S225/mo. & 1/2 utilities. For t1'1(R Info. call 
+88-5264. /613) 
FemaJe nonsmoker to shar~ nice I bedroom 
apt Pacific Beach. Close to Hwy 5, bus, I mll~ 
to ~ach. Summer tIexlble. SI90 mo. Sm. dep. 
Kendall 483-0512 or 456-0716 message. 
15/281 
Female roommate wanted: June 1st, own 
room in C1nesee HiglJand, pool, ro ~, 
nonsmoking. 5210 a month & 1/3 utilities. Call 
Mid1ele, .k:Jyce or Doreen 452-7446. /5/281 
Roommate wanted: Beautiful large house in 
Claremont area, large yard w/cartpl view, 
private room, 12 min. from UCSO. Rent 
S250/mo. call 57~9321 or 481-3120. /5/281 
2 male students need third for summer. 3 
bdrms, pool, washing facilities, ~tc . 
S250/mth. 454-7954. 15/281 
Family looking for ~ to rent room & board 
in beaut 4 bdroom hous~ in Solana ~ach. 
$400. 481-9163. /5/281 
Roommate wanted to shar~ a 3 bedroom 
conci:> in UTC Regents Road. 5300 mo. call at 
587-9233. 15/301 
Wanted- CleiWl nonsmoker br Ig bedrm 
w/walk-/I1 cJoset In Genesee Highlands. 
S250 & 1/3 uti/. Long term pleas~. 457-
9693--Keep tlying.15/301 
Fem,* rooll'Vl'late wanted. Sept 85-.Ju~ 86-
Own room in large, JoI.teIy La JoIa house. 
S215/mo & 1/4 utllitles. call4~3302. Keep 
tryingl/5/301 
Top La .blla Fum. Condo S630. I ~ bdrm 
8352 Via Sonoma #12C. Pool. Off Gilman. 
Avail 7/1/85. 213-516-6807. /6/61 

TypIng: IBM/RUSH ~EDfT/NG/FAST, 
ProressionaJ resuIts/453-0656 or 296-7333 
Shari. 16161 
A NEED FOR A Tf'PISn ~asonabIe, ~, 
Accurate. OIllQthI~ 576-1277. 16/61 
Settle for iWl "A". 901b Is presentation. IBM 
word procesIng. 51.25/pg. spefk:heck. Your 
Sec'y 755-3252. /6161 
IBM WORD PROCESSING/Editing . 
Fast/accurat~. Pick up/deliver UCSD. Call 
SaI~ at 453-7511. 16161 
BEST TYPING AND EDITING of your papers. 
51.50 ptr page. Fast courteous service. 
Elane, 224-0329. /5/281 
STUDENT SUMMER SPECIAL Have your 
resume pro~lonal~ ~. Includes 20 
copies and envetopes. Free consuladon for 
format Student ID required. call 565-2369. 
/6161 
..uST \'OUR TYPE Expert IWIng on INOfd 
processing equipment call Monica 453-
6633 0( 458-1239. 15/281 
Super typing. IBM, spefling corrected, 
rf!asonabie rate, rush job, 16 yrs. exp., near 
UCSD. Call Fery 452-1393. /5/281 
WORD PROCESSING/TVPING. LDw cost 
and fast. DI1'ferent print styles. 481-0887. 
15/301 

Mark Montoya. Made )OUf' dedsion ~1 
Please mak~ it soonl I'm trying to ha'lg In 
there but time Is awastlng. -MInamahaI Pa 
RIn Klta-Just Me. 15/281 
Blond girt at sit-in: Do you still have ~ 
maroon skirt from 4/237 PIs call Susan 578-
9145. IS/281 
Come pl~ YOIle)Oall June 2 for fun and 
prizes 1 Just sign up your 4-man team this 
week on the plazal /5/281 
Notice to ~ar will be at the Rec Gym this 
Sat. June 1st. Brought to you by Sigma Nu 
Fraternity. Freshments, dandng. Tickets S2 at 
the Box OtI'ice. 15/301 
Attn: UCSD students. The following 
orgiWlization thanks you br your support at 

th~ Arst Amual Bounce For Beats to benefit 
the AmerIcan Heart Association. ~ SamrT¥ 
Club tNnks you for helping us raise 
apptOJdmately 52000. See you next year, 
hopefully bigger and better. /5/281 
Female rOOlY1n'\ate wanted. Sept 85-June 86. 
Own room In large, IoYeIy La .blla house. 
5215/mo. & 1/4 utilities. call 488-3302. Keep 
tryIngI15/281 
Bio IS TA w/walkman. Have fun tomorrow 
nlgtot. Hope you ~ wtlat you wantl/5/28) 
ATTN: UCSO STUDENTS. Only the following 
organizations are formally recog'Iized by 
your Inter-tatemityCoundI as being a Greek 
organizatlon/tMemity. ~ SIgma PhI, PhI 
Delta 1heta, SI~~ Epsilon, SIgma Nu, 
Tau Kappa Epsilon, zeta Beta Tau. Be1or~ 
joining other organimIons dalmlng to be 

dlA/Miijl", iiii"KQ' 
Top Dr ..... _,., """"'" ..... mos. i I 
Manuscripts. Student rat~s . Word 
processing. Diane 481~160. 16/61 
TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: Il1a1y type 
styles to choos~ from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up a'ld 
dell\lery, quality work, FASnll 52/page 
(double spaced). Call Jnter~ Mlao 
Systems at 452-9949. /616) 
Typing: IBM/rush Jobs/~ditlng/fast, 

pro~ results. 453-0656 or 296-7333 
SharI. 16/6) 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast s~rvlce . 
51. SO/page. I pickup & deliver. ~ 
Laurena 279-8056. /6161 
PROFESSIONAl.. TYPING. Word Processing & 

T~ Transalptlon. ~asonabIe rates. ~ 
Key Word, 459-58IB. /6/61 
Burke Seaetatial-<luallty typIngl Spelling 
correct-Rushjobs spedalt¥/15 yrs, exper. La 
.blla 457-3842. /6/61 
TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush 
jobs accepted. 15/301 

I lost a gold d1ain with a heart cNrmOfl 5-10 
at the Sun God Fest. Sent Value. Reward. 

J..orI ·457~7. 15/281 
LDst: In TlH 104 on lhursday May 2. Red Tom 
Sawyer Qmp du~ bag. If found call Jim at 
429-1717. /5/281 
lDst: On MJlr FIeld last Thurs. Black watch 
with black bane/. Reward if found. call Bill 
455-9709. /5/301 
Found: Black woman's watch at BSS 5/20. 
Claim at EDNA. /5/301 
Lost: Red Velao wa/~ LDst near Revelle 
Informal LDunge on Wed. 5/22. Please call 
.Jose at 264-7270 or 452-0321. ~<t.'e 
Message. /6/31 
Lost-Laales· goldton~ watch. Cltlz~n 
Q./artz w/sq.are face. Very important to me. 
call Diana 455-9210. /6131 
Found: Sharp CAllcuJator. call to ldenuty. 278-
6674. /6131 
Lost: fley IN'OOI jac:k~ on MJIr or Revelle 
5/17/85. If round please call Sara It 459-
8958. Reward. 16/31 


