
r 



2 Monday, Feb. II, 1985 
N€~ 
'. ~. '.::... ~" • ~. :ox. " ~ :-,-..,:-; ,"-n ',,, "".~ ..... ' , ...... ;:~',:.., -:, , • .."; • , '. 'o,' ,'" • 

~---------~----------~ 
-. 
_ [L.! 
-e- ~ !iii r r III .. I. WI' ~ .... "" n~r ... ~ I-i1IIIIIII ~ l-I I IJ'- II IJ II L..II. I. r-. 

, IJ"f'IIIl"' 
"" 

I 
I-

I I '1 II.~ Ii' ~ , I I I II I" U I';; , I I 
I I I I I 

An incru5e of $S . .50 in the present 
$8 student activity fee will be proposed 
in this April 's AS council's general 
election . 

Originally, the prospective increase 
was to accompany the referendum 
concerning ammendments to the AS 
constitution and by-laws to be held on 
Tuesday, Feb. 12. The additional sum 
would provide student organizations, 
including KSDT radio, AS student 
services, a lternarive media and the 
college councils with increased funding. 

She is a professor of history at UCSD 
and her most recent book, Emotion and 
High Po/itlcs, is a psychological study of 
British and Gcrman leaders on the eve 
of the First World War. 

Jane Ford will speak on "Literature 
and Psychoanalysis: An Erratic Alliance." 
She is an independent scholar, a 
specialist on James Joyce. -SW 

o 
Three guest speakers will discuss the 

historical, political and anthropological 
aspects of Japan at UCSD's first 
Japanese Studies day. Friday, Feb. 15. 

Cover: When the human inhabitants of our great planet 
have long become dust in the wind, future civilizations 
will have things like the graffiti of our campus to judge 
what our race was like. We wish them luck-it isn't the 
easiest stuff to decipher. Maybe they'll be sman enough 
to read the cover story on page 10 for some extra help. 
We hope so. 

Robin ewland, commissioner of 
elections, said the lack of publicity was 
the motivation behind the postponment 
of voting until April. "In a general 
election , candidates campaigr. 
themselves and that brings people to the 
polls," he said. Furthermore, combining 
this referendum with April's general 
election will prove to be much less 
costly. This proposal will COSt 
approximately $3,000, as compared to 
the $5 ,000 that the constitutional 
ammendment referendum will cost. 
However, the constitutional 
ammendment is a rather expensive 
ballot because the AS must replicate the 
lengthy document so students have a 
reasonable amount of opportunity to 

Professor Peter Gourevitch of UCSD's 
political science department. 
coordinator of japanese Studies Day, 
explains the intentions of the event: 
"We hope to develop UCSD's olTerings 
in japanese studies and to encourage 
interest in students and faculty." 

japanese Studies Day will begin at 
9 am with guest speaker John Dower, 
history professor at the University of 
Wisconsin. who will discuss. "Legacies 
of a Lost War: Occupied Japan and 
japan Today." At 10:45, Robert Smith , 
anthropology professor at Cornell 
University, will present as his topiC 
"Current Issues in the Anthropological 
Study of Japan," followed by a general 
discussion. 

News: Central Library is the site 01 a gruesome scene as a 34-year-
old male lights himself on fire Sunday. A committee on the use of 
alcohol has recommended some big changes in the way it is used 
and abused here. Anyone who has rented an apartment on March 
1 in the last four years can cash in big-$60 per year. A new frat, 
SAE, is officially recognized. Dr. Paul Saltman and others have 
done some breakthrough research on a form of bone disease. And 
former governor Edmund (Pat) Brown has proposed a new and 
controversial plan to use half the income from the state lottery. 
Opinions: Part two of a look at Marxism, "Class 0[2011" says, "To 
be cloned or not to be cloned, that is the stereotypical question ," 
plus leners and Doonesbury. 

read it. -CT 
Perspectives: We the wallwriters of ghostly citadel walls do hereby 
gram ourselves pages 10 and 11 as our graffiti domain. 

o 
A historian and a literary scholar will 

describe how psychoanalysis applies to 
theIr research at the next meeting of 
San Diego Independent Scholars on 
February 27 in Room lllA Chancellor's 
Complex. UCSD. 

Gourevitch noted that the political 
science department has scheduled 
future lecturers that will also focus on 
Japanese issues. Two of these guest 
speakers WIll include TJ. Pempel , 
political science expert on Japan from 
Cornell University and Professor Aoki , 
economics expert at Stanford 

Sports: Baseball cruises to an easy "W," and men's volleyball 
comes close but yet so far against the Aztecs. 
Plus ... The Weekly Calendar. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 
Judith Hughes will speak on 

"Psychohistory as a Research Program." University. -RW 

o asection---------------------------------------------~~----~ ~ 
~ 
o 

~ UCSD faces campus prohibition 
The a dmini s trall o n IS conside ring the 

implementation of policy changes that would eliminate 
beer at TGs, beer at the Fall Festival On the Green 
(FFOG). beer at the Sun God Festival, and alcohol at 
dormitory parties. 

A rough draft of proposals from the ad hoc Committee 
on Alcohol and Substance Abuse, appOinted by Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate AlTairs joseph Watson , 
states: "Given the underage sta tus of the greater portion 
of our student population . wide-spread advertisement of 
alcohol and malt beveragcs on campus as an integral part 
of other student development programs may be deemed 
[0 advocate irresponsible and illegal behavior. 
Therefore. .. consistent with the educational goals of 
the University, commerCial sponsorship promoting the 
purchase and consumption of alcohol or other 
psychoactive substances of a non-medical nature (shall) 
be prohibited." 

The letter also recommends the "prohibition of the 
possession and consumption of alcoholic .. . beverages 
at omdoor events" other than those in designated 
facili"ies. 

If adopted as policy, the recommendations would 
prevent the serving of beer at most AS-sponsored 
activities. according to AS President Marc Boroditsky. He 
estimated that the school curtently receives $40.000-
$50,000 annually in the form of sponsorship from beer 
companies for TGIFs, the FFOG and the Sun God 
Festival. 

Watson said he did not know If the ruling would also 
prohibit advertising by alcoholic firms In on-campus 
publications. The GuardlOn pays a large part of its 
printing costs with money from BudweIser and Miller 
beer advertiSing. . 

With regard [0 drinking in on-campus student 
housing. the leiter recommends that it be confined to 
"private living areas. Such pnvate areas are deemed to be 
rooms and apartments." 

Watson clarified the statement further by confirming 
that the term "rooms" in the dormitories refers to 
bedrooms. He added that he has heard "strong 
arguments against that (recommendation) because 
drinking would become a pnvate aCtiVIty, where 
otherwise it has a SOCIal elem~nt to it." He has also heard 
concern thar such a regulation would drive dnnking ofT-
campus. 

The letter goes on to state that kegs and other 
containers larger than 1.75 liters be prohibited and 
subject to confiscation. and that "occupants of 
individual apartments and rooms will be held 
responsible for the consumption of such beverages by 
occupants and guests ... and will be liable to University 
diSCipline as well as State and Federal legal 
sanctions .. .. " Watson said that a case of beer would be 
included in the "larger than 1.75 liters" category. 

Based on principles that "the University has an 
institutional responsibility to assume some stewardship 
role for student development and well-being," and that 
"illegal and/or irresponsible use of alcohol and/ or other 
psychoactive substances is detrimental to health and 
well-being," the letter calls for the policies to be universal 
as a means to set an example for undergraduates. 

"We feel that it is of extreme importance that the rules 

and regulations be widely and clearly disseminated and 
that the enforcement thereof be consistent for all 
segments of (he UniverSIty community. In the case of 
residential facilltles, such conSistency is absolutely 
necessary across the four colleges, in [he graduate and 
married student hOUSing and in faculty areas." 

The committee has also called for a campus-wide 
punishment system for violators of the rules, "based on a 
consistent due-process system." 

With regard to public consumption of alcoholic and 
malt beverages, the lener recommended : 

- A: Stringently controlled access arrangements for all 
facilities in whIch alcoholic and /or malt beverages are 
served , with appropriate stringent identIfication 
procedures establishing the legal status of aU present. 

- B: That a facilities designation commmee be 
" 

appOinted by the Chancellor with representation from 
faculty, staff and student constituencies ... (to) designate 
those areas in which consumption of alcohol ... is 
allowed, and that such deSignations be strictly limited in 
number." 

According to Watson, these regulations would put 
tighter controls on carding procedures at events. He 
would not speculate how many locations would qualify 
as "strictly limited in number." Watson cited a complaint 
concerning a recent event at which beer was served to a 
predominantly high school-aged crowd as an example 
of why the regulations are needed, but he declined to 
name the event. 

The proposal also recommends me appointment of a 
"coordinatOr" to whom all requ ~sts for permission to 
serve alcohol at an event must be submitted 30 days in 
advance. According to Watson,. that coordinator would 
be an indiVidual appOinted by the Chancellor. 

Members of the ad hoc committee include: Dr. Richard 
Whitehill of Counseling and Psychological Services; Lt. 
john Anderson of the UCSD Police; Dr. Howard Hunt, 
chair of Physical Education; Carrie Wilson of Student 
Affairs; Dr. Tommy Tucker. assistant vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs; Louis Kronopolus, senior resident 
advisor at Muir College; Harriet Marsh , dean of Warren 
CoUege: and Yolanda Trevino. resident dean of Third 
College . 

When asked why students were not allowed to serve 
on the committee, Watson said his goal was to get a list of 
recommendations which could serve as the basis of 
future meetings. at least one of which will be open 10 
students. ·Perhaps this wasn't the best way to go about 
it," Watson said . "What has happened is (that) one gets 
the impression we were trying to make policy, which is 
nOt the case." 

According to the committee, the recommendations 
are modeled after the alcohol poliCies of UCLA and 
UCD. "Our recommendations are somewhat more 
stringent than the poliCies and codes of conduct 
presently observed on campus .... However, if these 
recommendations are adoptcd , we would still fall mto 
the mid-range of stringency as compared to other 
universities. including our brethren campuses " 

According to the California AggIe. UC Davis 
occaSionally has TGs modeled after those at UCSD, but 
serves hot dogs and soda instead of beer. 

- Scan W ... tr 

State pays $60 to 
apartlnent dwellers 
By KIRSTIN SODERBERG 

Has your exorbitant rent left you short 
of cash? Few students realize that they 
can receive a $60 tax credit on their 
state income tax. The California Public 
Interest Research Group (CaIPIRG) has 
started an education campaign to 
inform students at UCSD about the 
Renter's Credit portion of the 540 and 
540A state taX forms. 

CalPIRG has discovered from a recent 
poll that as few as one out of ten renters 
know about Renter's Credit. According 
to Greg Wilpert, the Renter's Credit 
Project Coordinator. "the state of 
California obviously doesn't try to 

:rOB 
publicize this law. since with every 
implementation the state loses some 
money." CalPIRG volunteers will be at 
Revelle Plaza on Tuesday. Feb. 12 and 
Peterson Hall on Wednesday, Feb. 13, 
both days from 11-3, to disperse tax 
forms and answer questions. 

How do you qualify for renter's 

Dell • Salads 
Baked Goods 
Ice Cream 
Candy 

FREE ICE CREAM 
2FOR ~ 

Buy 1 Cone Get 1 Fr •• 
Valid with Ad Only 

~U' D~- "OneOlThe ...:... "" ~ ~ Worlds Besl I ( I ( " , .to !tot Ie. C, •• ms" (r, V1~"1< I:' (\ Time MaVlzi ... 
Ue;:-.oJ) expires 2-18-85 

Valentine's Truffles 
trom Son Frorcisco 
Rospbeny & Kahluo 

1~"W° 
Valentine Day 

H .. rt Shepe Cooki .. 
Blkery ggc $10 Fr.sh •• ch or OUII'n 

credit? First of all. you must have been 
renting on March 1, 1984. You also 
must be a resident of California 
Qualification for residency is usually a 
nine month period. The residence that 
you were renting on March I , 1984 
must not have been exempt from 
property taxes. Sorry dorm dweUers, but 
campus property is not subject 10 
property tax. 

"Many students that don 't pay state 
taxes because they eam less than $5.000 
aren't aware that even they can get the 
$60 credit," Greg Wilpert adds. 

The credit for married couples and 

heads of households is $137. Also. 
Renter's Credit is retroactive. You may 
file for Renter's Credit for each of the 
previous four years-back to 1980, if 
you file before April IS , 1985. 

Even if your parents claimed you as a 
dependent, you are eligible for the 
credit if you lived on your own for the 

,. 
.--.....;;.-....... 

2?! 
">400 

per Ib 

GAllO 
WINES 

• French Columbard 
• Chenln Blanc 
• Rose 

,',I,ll " 

fa: students 

All 
ValenHne', 

Cardl 

10%0" 

BUDWEISER 
e Pe1ll1. 0 •. C.II 

•-........ '"."'. . . ... a.. •. . "' ... ... . ' . . , 
2~~ 

,,, 

majority of the year. It IS important to 
understand that the credit is a pure 
rebate . This means that you can still 
apply. even if you did nOt have a 
taxable income in the previous 
year. 

To file for credit is quite simple. The 
540A and 540 state tax forms are 
available at the CalPIRG office in the 

Student Center, or Revelle Plaza on 
February I 2 and Peterson Hall on 
February 13. The OfT-Campus Housing 
Office and CalPIRG have further 
information available. For specific 
Renter's Credit information and 
additional state tax questions. call the 
Franchise Tax Board at 1-800-852-
'i7 11 . ~ 

A 34-year-old male from Encinitas was taken by Life Right helicopter to the UCSD 
Medical Center with third-degree burns over 90% of his body after apparently 
lighting himself on fire Sunday night. 

The incident occurred on the third-floor outdoor plaza ofUCSD's Central Library 
at approximately 8 pm. The victim, whose identity was withheld pending 
notification of family. was a non-student who apparently immolated himself with 
Coleman camp lighter fluid. He was put out by a group of students and police 
officers, and a Community Service Officer paramedic arrived at the scene shortly 
before the Life Right took the patient to Hillcrest. The victim was listed in critical 
condition . 

The UCSD Police Department is in charge of the investigation to determine the 
motives behind the incident. No further details were available at the scene. "We're 
still trying to piece it together," said one officer. ~ 

- Phil Willon 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

T 

• 

T S 0 F 

February 13,Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. SI0.00, Students S6.00 
UCSD Fac/StafI/Sr.Cit. S8.00 

(j)ll~ETPt[)N® 
&: UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 



Viewpoint 

History's foggy transfonnation 
By MONTE ROSEN 

M ARX EMPLOYS DISCUSSIONS of alienation and estrangement because they enter into the 
general critique of capitalism, regardless 
of the factuality of their existence. 
Primarily, he fails to systematize any 
Internal view of human 
interaction ,except by relegating it to the 
ideological structures of a given society, 
despite the fact that he saw this 
psychological history as fundamental in 
explaining the individual's relation to 
material modes of production. 

Why do humans feel alienation when 
estranged from the essence of their 
species? How does the existence of 
capital create false consciousness 
internally? I cannot answer these 
questions, and perhaps neither coud 
Marx. Therefore , according to the above 
criteria, the Marxist account of 
contemporary phenomenon is flawed , 
which perhaps threatens to disprove his 
theory of historical determinism, as well 
as the nmion of a prime mover. The 
Marxist attempt to hold to a strict 
materialistic view of the individual fails , 
based on Marx's oWn theoretical need to 
develop an mtemal view of individual 
consciousness. 

''The social structure and the state are 
continuallY evolving out of the life process 
of definite individuals, but of individuals not 
as they may appear in their own or other 
people's imagination. but as they reaUy are; 
i.e., as they operate. produc-e materially. and 
hence as they work under definite material 
limits. presuppositions and conditions 
inikpendent of their will. " 
Thus. as this quote reveals , Marx holds 
in contempt the formulation of a system 
explicating the internal processes of 
individuals, relegating it to subjective 
creation, like illusion. He finds an 
adequate vision in the materialistic 
version, which posscsses a rational 

appeal, yet leaves out the dialetical 
relationship between individuals and 
their social context. For example , social 
conscience plays no role for Marx, until 
communism redefines the individual, 
which implies a rift of contradictions. 
He presents a theory where man's 
relationship with the economic structure 
is the sole indicator for determining 
why an individual acts in a cenain 
manner. 

Marx's theory of historical 
determinism is, in short, the theoretical 
description of the transformation of one 
society into another. The point is that 
society will inevitably attain its most 
evolved stage in development, which 
Marx calls communism. 

"Are men free to choose this or that 
form of SOCiety? By no means. Assume a 
particular state of development in the 
productive facu.lties of man and you will get 
a particular foml of commerce and 
consumption. Assume particular stages of 
development In production . .. and you will 
have a corresponding social constitution . . . 
a corresponding civil society. Assume a 
particular civil society and you will get 
particular e.olitical conditions which are 
only the Official expression of civil society." 
Thus, according to Marx, human beings 
have little to do with the construction of 
the forms and structures in society. 

Society is a result of the panicular 
productive forces which act as a 
historical imperative, defining 
conditions by which we live. His 
argument reveals that individuals never 
had any choice in the construction of 
society. Nor does anyone have any 
choice in society's transformation. Yet 
individuals exist in a fundamental 
relation to the productive forces of any 
given society, so that some form of 
control upon these forces must exist 
giving rise to an impact upon social 
transition. 

However, Marx refuses to 
acknowledge this connection. Instead he 
gives productive faculties a will of their 
own. 

"All the old economic forms, the social 
relations corresponding to them, the 
political conditions which were the offiCial 
expression of old civil society were 
destroyed . .. Thus the economic forms in 
which men prodl!ce. consume. and 
exchange, are transitory and historical. 
With the acquistion of new productive 
faculties. men change their mode of 
production and with the mode of 
production all the economic relations which 
are merelY the necessary relations to this 
particular mode of production." 
The last twb quotes reveal the primary 
thrust of Marx's theory: in the 

progression from productive forces to 
political ideology. social development 
occurs primarily on the level of 
production: resulting in a shift in 
economic relations. and finally creating 
the civil, moral and political divergences 
wherein individuals interact. However, 
in the above quote , he assumes that the 

acquisition of new productive faculties 
(Le. industry), which impel and 
imbalance the current economic and 
ideological structures, will spill over into 
a similar type of human interaction , 
without fully explaining how the 
acquisition was made possible, 
inevitable or historical. He explains it 
insofar as he states that capital seeks to 
always increase the production of 
surplus value, thereby leading to the 
terminal result of over-production, 
which, when coupled with under-
consumption, leads to the destruction of 
the capitalist period of history (son of a 
collective nervous breakdown). Therfore, 
yet another flaw in Marx's theory is that 
he inadequately explains what the prime 
mover of transformation is within the 
relationship between old productive 
forces with the new. 

Given the inconsistencies in Marxian 
theory as it relates to the notion of the 
prime mover, it is simplistic to reject the 
Marxian theory of historical 
determinism as a whole. because it is 
within the Marxist dialectic, whereby 
the notion of a prime mOIler becomes 
apparent In this respect. historians and . 
philosophers owe a debt to Marx for 
this contribution, and In this debt, a 
responsibility to derermine within a 
IU5OI18bIe doubt, the advantages or 

dlsadvan~s ,of viewing history IS an 
entity impeDed. ia 

Monday, Feb. 11, 1985 .5 

LLflSS Of 2[]~~ 
Raised on the American scheme 
By CHRIS A'CLONE 

I received a letter to the editor from Eveon Lace of 
UCSC asking that, before continuing UCSD's 50th 
anniversary chronicles (see Perspectives, 2/ 4/ 85), I 
reveal what it is like being raised as one of the handful 
of clones in the world created before the genetic 
engineering ban of 1984. 

No being can give a complete or accurate re -creation 
01 its own lormative years. so I boarded a campus 
shuttle to the Stillpoint Taoist Sanctuary in Wetmore , 
Colorado, to interview Dr. Lao Cen (pronounced sin), 
the ~VQlutionary-psychologist responsible for rescuing. 
my mother Mary Josephson from the Right to Eternal Life 
(REL) terrorists and forJ'rogrammmg my childhood. 

Seeing Cen's bald an beardless Chinese/Italian face 
(he laughingly claims to be a descendant of Marco 
Polo) rekindled my memory of having once mistaken 
him as kin. "I heard your mother's chimpanzee-like cry 
in the eucalyptus forest." began Cen. "I took her back 
to my Evolutionary Development Environment Neuro-
lab on the Greystoke campus (Cen loved provoking the 
bio-creationist's wrath by naming his lab EDEN) and 
listened to her life as a Hit-her Youth, REL terrorist, 
virgin recipient of a cloned viru-cell. excontinuation 
from the campus Church-State Council and her Oight 
that evening as a marked manyr of the Genetic 
Onhodox Doctrine (GOD) zealots. Fearing the GODs 
must be crazy, I offered her sanctuary in EDEN during 
her gestation period. Mary, a mime-type personality 
typical of the mimicmania in American youth, quickly 
aped the chimpanzees' gestures and limited 
vocabulary, and enjoyed being the girl in the lab's 
subtropical valley. She spent hours in companionship 
with another expectant mother named Eve, a most 
sensitive and intelligent chimpanzee." 

A hawk cried beyond the monastary's wall. Cen 
shuddered. 'When Mary felt her first contractions she 
insisted we return to the charred ruins of Salk where 
you were cloned. Her small boned-body and virginity 
led to complications requiring a Caesarean. She realized 
she would not survive the hirth, so we planned to dis-
guise it as a suicide or sacrifice to the GODs ofREL.ln her 
last moments she saw the secrets she held within, smiled 
gently, and whispered, 'the immaculate deception ... · 

Demonstrating with his hands dancing on my bare 
arms, like Pygmaleon applying clay to his sculpture, 
Cen continued. "I applied hair to your body to 
camouflage you among the chimpanzees in EDEN, the 
only place the GODs would not search for the product 
of their bumblings. Their bio-creationist attempted to 
first separate the virus from the original blood cell 
before the artificial inclonation into Maty, which 
altered the genetic code, creating your unique meta-
humanoid features ." Cen leaned forward to touch a 
tear that flowed freely from my eye where no lashes 
grew. 'You must understand, they feared a future filled 
with millions of identical clones. The GODs did not 
realize the loneliness they created for a unique being 
in a world that was already cloned." 

Poking me in the rib to change the mood, Cen 
chuckled. "Eve took you as one of her own, and you 
took to mud like a baby pig, negating the need for 
disguise. Not sun; of how to raise you. I stared at the 
R.D. LaingJr. quote on my office wall, 'Children do not 

give up their innate imagination, curiosity, and 
dreaminess easily. You have to train them to need your 
love to get them to do that.' Since chimpanzees mature 
faster in the first" three years of childhood , and 

the center of the valley the screen flashed the word 
'water.' As you developed at your own rate , the words 

b~came more distinct, the flOwing mirror became 
'stream' and, if yellow, 'urine.' At the time, I had no idea 
that the bytes of information you were consuming from 
your Apple computer would change your fate in EDEN." 

you were a unique creature in the world, I decided to 
entrust you to nature and yourself. The missing link 
between this natural setting and your eventual journey , 
into the outside world was language. The challenge wa~ 
to raise your curiosity towards language, avoiding the 
potty-training mentality of researchers who seek resulrs 
for funding and publication. In your third year, the 
north face of EDEN was converted into a lO'xlO' 
computer monitor; everything in the lab was micro-
sensored, so when you touched the flowing mirror in 

With downcast eyes Cen confessed, "I thought 
myself so clever in installing the Apple; how I have 
suffered for being the original Cen." He heaved a sigh. _ 
"Eight years later that serpent from the Muir Campus 
Skinner Center, who constructed the Apple monitor, 
returned to EDEN to update the system. He saw you 
and immediately informed his superiors of the stranger 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 9 ) 

Doonesbury BY GARRY TRUDEAU 
ANP6tNBWE 
eWMO/1£ 
5TfJI/Je57 M. 
)WC!iAZY? 

I -= 

GOP, IIA1AT lJO 
)W~AU. 
MY fflEN()SARe 

7HINKJN6~ 

" 

so., ()(() iOU 
KIJOW THAT MI~ 
MIS Il£i.I(TfJ) 7() 
THe PWWRIJIIB< 

M4tW1? 
I 

/ IRER /IOITHS fF7TttItJ6lD filii) 
SC/If6THIII6 ftR ~ tJ ro, NASA 
HASFlJAUY~6AlWA 
51J1a5lOlNf:!'b SPtaIIIJST. HlSMN 
PfIT'f WUIltl) HQI/ UP aJ fl£(}tf!5T 

HEAPS 
IF.' 

---I- tLL \ I \ rt;O.:;"~,lt ~ 
-rH ~ 

Mle ore prOUd to announce ~ expansion of our services. Beginning 
Monc:fQv. FebruarY H, we wilt offec-Roberto's Mexican fcx:>d at 7:00 and 
11:30 pm. and Roundtable PIZzo at 10:00 pm In addition to offering 
another Roberto's delivery, we are also selling Pepsi and Diet Pepsi at 
CAtv ~ a con. A$ usual the Food For Thought Co. strives to bring you 
quality ·food products at very reasonable prices. Please remember to 
order at IecHt .t5 mIn"'- in-.advonat of. the- delivery JIme, - . . 

To celebrate the expansion of our services, we are beginning tria 
~SADILLA CONTEST OF THE MONTH. In keepihg wltt'l our Int~ In 
,hbA. academic perforrno~, we: o~ QWOr~ .Of the imPortance .Of 
es'i3ntial nutrition In the ~(('il~ P!'~ O\Jff9searc~at~ ~ 
For Thought Laboratories hOve found d COO9latton between the 

• n6mber of quesodillas ooten and. correct answers on ~tlcs QUizzes 
, t:#" the rodents themse~eS'. Therefore, during the remainder of the 

mor'1th of FebrttCllY we o.e gOil'lQ to keep 1fock of ~ Q\,J8SOdiHa you .•. 
order. The person who,oiders the rnQSt quesadillos will be crowned the 
QuesOdllla Person of the Month. and wlU receive the following fun-
pocked prizes: one tree quesodillo and Pepsi every claytor a week, their 
picture and title to be hung at Roberto's Taco Shop. and a free 
subscription to the Guardian. This Is a serious contest In which ~ 
contestant is a winner. QuesodUlas are proven to be nutrttlonqJ.v 
sound. combining redl milk products (cheese) with real bread 
products (tortillas). Remember. When hunger strikes we dellverf 

[pt-

... 

" 

. 
,. 



6 Monday, Ftb. 11 , 1985 

ll~{tit<eJrlll~ttit~Jrall~ttit<eIrsll<ettit<eIr~llceilitceIr~ll~lillcelf~llce~ttceIrln<eilit<eIrSn<erut<eIrIn<e{tit<eIrlll<ellit<eIr$n~ 
tt<err~letterln<ettit<eIrSn<ellit<eIr~nce{tttcelr~n~frfr~lr~ncefrttceIr~llce{tit<elr~n<ettit<eIrIll<erut<eIrSll<eilit<eIrlll<etttt~ 

Ir~n<ettit<elrlll<eilit<eJr~n<e{tit~Jrln~ttit~lr~n~tt\!:~rr~ ll ce;frtt®lf~ll~ilitceIr~llceilit<eIrln<ettit<eJr~n<eilit<eJrZn<ellil'<elr 
nte{tit<.eIr~ll<efctt<.eIr~n<ettltceIr~llce;tttt®rr~ll®frtt~lf~ll®frtt®rr~n®frttcelrlnceldtceIrSncettfr<eIrllcettitceIrlllcellit<errll<ett 
Laws of the land 
Editor's note: The follOWing letters were 
given to the Guardian on Thursday 
afternoon by a very distraught Mrs . tiille. 
The Guardian staff would be overjoyed if 
the "concerned student" who wrote the 
letter to Mrs. Hille woud step forth and 
identify herself to the student body. For 
such deplorable acts do not always go 
unnoticed; cruel, heartless bigots have no 
place in our community and have no right 
to spit on the reputallOn of the student 
populalion. 
Editor. 

When I left the house one Friday in 
January, a student's car was parked nor 
only blocking our driveway by a foot or 
so, but also completely blocking the 
trash man's access to the containers. 
When 1 came back after two hours, 
there was a note under the windshield 
signed "The Trashman." Furthermore, 
someone had written on the windows: 
Do nOt park. 

The trashman was rightly irritated 
having had to carry the full, unwieldy 
cans, the neighbor's and mine, into the 
middle of the street to empry. 

Later in the afternoon the female 
student, whose car it was, rang our 
doorbell and in no uncertain terms 
accused me of writing on her windows. 
I said I Imew nothing about it, but that 1 
agreed completely with the culprit. I 
thought that was that, but not so. A few 
days ago the following missive was 
delivered by the mailman. 

Mrs. (Edlerly lady) Resident 
8862 La Jolla Scienic (Sic) Dr. 
laJolla, Ca. 92037. 

E',lAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

1/ 22/ 85 
Dear lady, 

It has come to my attention that you 
stooped as low as to lie about writing on 
my car on Friday the 11th of January, 
according to the Dept of Sanitation 
supervisor. 

His trashman witnessed you writing 
on my car from 3 houses down . For 
your own information I will tell you 
there is no law against parking in front 
of trash cans on collection day. Further 
more the white line on your curb is for 
your benefit to show you where your 
property ends. If it had been red , then I 
would have been illigal. (Sic) 

The only law here is that I park a 
minimum of one foot from the 
depression in the driveway which 1 did 
do. 

I am sorry that you are too short to be 
able to see around a car that parks 
there, but this is your problem and 
should nor be taken out on students. 
This is a Public Street and we have every 
right to park here. If you do nor agree 
with what I have said please take your 
complaint up with the San Diego City 
Police Dept. or with Mr. Ron Grahm, 
Supervisor of the Dept. of Sanitation at 
236-5653 . 

I will give you the benefit of the 
doubt in this situation since you are a 
foreigner and an elderly lady. Perhaps 
you did nor know our laws. 

Sincerely 
-a concerned Student. 

Since the letter is anonymous, I 
thought the only way to reach her would 
be through the UCSD Guardian. 

Californian. 

'reeiMo" "'e cuts for _ $L.J ( leg, $18) 
I'ruWo" ",'e cuts for _II $10 ( leg, $15) 

DlrectlolUI penru $l5 (reg. $4()) Scu~ MIl, ("''' Jet) $18 ( leg, $40) 
"'"Ia.re ~ l'edlcure $15 ( leg. $28) ~"op""'e $15 (reg. $25) 

O"e #tour (KIM ,,_ $l8 (reg. '55) 
One /lUur IIIU5IIge 11_ $l5 (reg. '55) 

Specl.lists I,. blM:k hll, 
A {uti service 511011 

7608 UndJ \'Isu Rd, (I'fes. COllege 0" N 165) l68-U65 
I'IeIII "'0" (formerly u .Jolt. Cutting Co.) 757 Pw1 St..U .JoI/.I 

.~1170 .,,"1815 

Specl.lls good with lid with selecll!d slMllsts through 2/25/83 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 

Mon.· Thurt. 
fri. 

sat. 
Sun. 

Caples ' Reductions' Enlargements 
passpo" Photos· BInding ' And much more! 

4 1jz( 
Self SeNice Copies 

8am-8pm 
8 am·6 pm 
10 am·5 pm 
12 noon· 5 pm 

.t57-3775 
1856 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralph •• Sa¥On) 

If she will telephone me at 453-6250, 
( wiD be happy ro supply the telephone 
number of the offender, who said she 
was eager to talk to "a concerned 
student." Except for that , most of what 
the leuer points out is true. I am short, 
maybe genes, maybe having had four of 
my best growing years during the First 
World War with little food and less fuel 
in a cold country to the north, 
completely blockaded . ( was, although 
an American citizen now, born in a 
foreign country, but so were your 
ancestors when they arrived here. 

I am elderly, it is true, but you will get 
there toO if you are lucky. 

You are also right that you should be 
"a concerned student." You have much 
you should be concerned about. 

o h, Christ!! 
Editor: 

Sincerely, 
Kirsti Hille 

In response to the editorial Oan. 28), 
I find it interesting that you choose 
above all religions the Christian 
"religion· as the basis for your 
discussion . Are you addressing certain 
unpleasant social circumstances that 
arise from your exposure to this "illusion 
of Christianity" as your article would 
seem to suggest? 

Perhaps you are confronted not with 
the iDusion of Christianity but rather, 
the reality of Christianity. 

Your comments suggest that the 
Christian message is some appalling 
thing that ought not to be either heard 
or spoken about in public. You would 
seem to require that the CCC put an 

offiCial disclaimer on every social 
function they sponsor: "This function is 
sponsored by Christians-so watch 
out!" 

But do you reatly find them doing 
wrong and being devious? I think that 
their purpose Is clearly stated in their 
emblem-CCC-simply, Campus 
Crusade for Christ. 

Nevertheless, as you fi nd yourself 
being confronted by Christians, I hope 
that you would observe at least one 
thing among them. 

Should you recognize nothing else 
about God; should you fail to recognize 
His power, even though He created the 
world and all it contains; and should 
you possess no knowledge of God, even 
though He revealed Himself through His 
Son that you might know Him; and 
should you not comprehend the Spirit 
of God, for He sees you; recognize this 
among Christians: love. Love is the 
standard they live by. And their 
standard is Jesus Christ. 

Dwi&ht Croonmberps 
Editor's Note: Your compkte 
misunderstanding of the editorial leads me 
to btlievt that your "standard" contributes 
to a badn~rds education. 

Leners to the editor should be 
double - or triple -spaced and 
addressed to the Opinions Editor, 
the UCSD Guardian, B-016, LaJolla, 
92093. All submissions must include 
the author's phone number and 
signature; in special cases the name 
will be withheld upon request . 

grove gallery' 

10% off all merchandise to all UCSD students through the month of February, 
Open 10 - 5 Tuesday - Saturday 
cards, graphics, ceramics, jewelry 

ethnic art 

Monday, Frb 11 , 1985 7 

Researchers find link between 
metals deficiency and bone weakness 
By BARBARA STEARNS 

DR. PAUL SAL TMAN, UCSO professor of Biology and former Revelle Provost, with some of his 
associates, have concluded that metals 
playa vital role in the building of bones. 
The findings came from studies in 
osteoporosis, the condition of weak 
bones, in laboratory test animals . 

The four major trace metal ions-
iron , copper, manganese, and zinc-
have been found ro play essential 
biochemical roles. "Working in concert 
with prorein , the metal attracts the 
substrate molecule and facilitates its 
conversion to a specific end product. A 
second function of some metal ions is 
to donate or accept electrons in 
reactions of reduction or oxidation. 
Such redo)f systems are an intimate 
feature of foods in our cells. The third 
mode of action of some metal ions is to 
bind, transport and release oxygen ," 
explains Dr. Owen M. Rennert, MO, and 
Dr. Wai-Yee Chan, PhD, in a thesis 
entitled, "Metabolism of Trace Metal Ions 
in Man." Basing their research on this 
theory, Saltman and his associates study 
the mechanism by which these metal 
ions enter our body and are regulated so 
that we can have optimal biological 
actiVity. 

Dr. Linda Strauss, in cooperation with 
Dr. Julie Glowacky, at Harvard 
Department of Orthopedic Surgery, has 
shown that she could produce 
osteoporosis , weak bones, which is a 
terrible infliction of post-menopausal 
women, in laboratory test animals. 
Similar to studies conducted by Salt man 
many years ago, Strauss created a model 
of rat to prove that a copper and 
manganese deficiency, as well as a zinc 
deficiency, caused a problem in the 

. denSity of the bone. Strauss showed 

New fraternity 

that by feedi ng the rat either low 
concentrations of copper and 
manganese in the diet , or no manganese 
and normal amounts of copper in the 
diet, the rat's bones would rapidly 
become weak, thus causing changes in 
the bone structure of the rat. "Specific 
alterations in bone and serum mineral 
levels were seen in deficient rats when 
compared with normal after 12 months. 
RatS on the deficient diets had a 
Significantly lower percentage of bone 
ash than normal rats, reflecting a 
decrease in bone density," quotes 
Saltman from a thesis entitled "The Role 
of Trace Elements in the Etiology of 
Osteoporosis: Results with an Animal 
Mode\." 

"We began studying 25 
years ago, and we're still 
studying trace elements," 

A second breakthrough in this same 
specific area of research was made by 
Glowacky, as she developed the 
technique of studying how the cells of 
an intact animal's syntheSized bones-
osteoblast cells-destroy bones with 
another set of bones, osteoclast bones. 
This is done by implanting into the rat 
either a bone mineral or a bone matrix. 
The researchers then watch the rate at 
which the mineral is then chewed away, 
and watch how the matrix , which is an 
organic protein, is syntheSized. 

Thus, the studies done by Saltman, 
Strauss, and Glowacky prove the 
hypotheSiS that copper and manganese 
affect the rate at which bones are 
synthesized a nd the rate at which they 

are "taken away" or de-syntheSized. 
Furthermore, they have shown that 
these studies are all related to the study 
of trace elements and their functions in 
the human body, which include their 
availability, solubility, permeability, 
ligand exchange, transport , aSSimilation, 
storage and excretion , 

"I think the work that Linda is doing 
on trace elements in the bone is 
extraordinarily important , and that 
people have not considered this as an 
important fact of osteoporosis. 
Furthermore , we may be able to work 
out a clinical test for trace elements, 
which we could then treat positively by 
trace element supplements or dietary 
fortification ," Saltman said. 

A further set of studies, conducted in 
association with Dr. Bill Hollingsworth 
of the VA Hospital, showed in a group 
of elderly patients that, "We can 
improve the immune reactions of elderly 
individuals by giving them small 
supplements of trace elements; thus we 
can significantly improve the levels of 
trace elements in their blood , and in 
tum, improve their ability to be 
immune-competent by chemical and 
biological tests ," Saltman said . 

An additional stud y of chemistry, 
biology, phYSiology, cellular activities, 
animal nutrition , human nutrition , 
health and disease of the trace metal 
ions, conducted in pan by Lois Eguchi , 
shows that hemoglobm and mioglobin, 
which were once considered solely as 
oxygen caITIers In our body, now 
partiCipate as redUCing molecules in a 
biological element. This is important 
because for over 50 years it has been 
known that without copper in one's 
diet, one becomes anemic, even with 
lots of iron in the blood system. This 

Dr. Paul Sallman . 

study shows that copper must be 
present in the system because it 
enhances the ability of the iron to be 
reduced and make the hemoglobin 
needed to prevent anemia. 

Saltman, looking back at the research 
progress in the past few years, 
remarked , "We began studyi ng 25 years 
ago and we're still studyi ng trace 
elements. Every time we make a new 
discovery it leads us to learn about some 
new phenomenon that we need to do 
some more studies to leaITI about. I 
think we've been able to do some 
remarkable experiments to show that we 
know how to supplement children with 
iron and copper and to make their 
hemoglobin more effective." ~ 

SAEs recognized by IFC 
By UL YS McCOY, Contriburing News Editor 

T HE ucso COLONY of Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity has been formally recognized by the 
Inter-Fraternity Council ((FC) after 
trying for more (han a year to become a 
member of UCSO's Greek system. 

The Council felt that SAE was not 
strong enough or stable enough to exist 
on campus as a Greek organization until 
recently, according to Rick Neal , the 
president of (Fe. 

"They were not, I think, in the eyes of 
IFC, organized weD enough or solid 

enough," said Ra'ndy Woodard, the 
prinCiple student affairs officer and 
advisor to the IFe. "lFC felt at the time 
that (SAE) needed more time to develop, 
more time to grow and get an identity ," 

"I wouldn 't down the IFC at all for 
not accepting us until recently," said 
Bob Ward, the current SAE president 
and one of its founding members. "1 
think we had to show them that we 
were committed and that we were a 
good bunch of fraternal guys, and I 
think that we've done that. 

The home of the 
39.¢ ham.burger. . 

~ MC"lJo"I1It:1~m ~ : {'(L "{leu. 
l \. ... l' := -~~f." '\ ''' · \ 
lldl 'r ' I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

1w.!IIII_!!------------------__ I __ ,IlIl!I ........ ~~J---ALLAMERICANlrEAL- ·T~ 
..: ~ Quarter Pounder<!! with Cheese, Larxe Fry, \.! ~ Ii - Medium-Si~ Soft Drink l ,,10 , ,I , ! 1:7:.01 II 

II Llnllt lln~.: l.."llUP\lI\ pl'r J $ II II cu.t(ln1n , per VI>'t. PIc'ase US t 1.9911 prl' lo'nt 1.." CHI r'll)n wh,,' n I II lJr.k·flnl(. Not vah.1 with any (plus tax) I 
II nther nttcr. Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar Rd, II ® ~h'~~ 198' Son Ole .. ~ 

------- ----------~ 

"It's a small Greek system here," Ward 
added , "and if they had let a group on 
thaI wasn't organized, that ended up 
folding , they would have regretted it 
later. I JUSt think they wanted proof that 
we were committed , and they got it, and 
now we're on." 

The lFC, which has been in existence 
at UCSD for about two years, is the 
governing body of all the fratemities on 
campus. 

SAE first registered as a student 
organization in November of 1983 
under the name SSAAEE, which stood 

for "Syched Students Against Apathy for 
an Enriched Education." This special-
interest group, as it was previously 
referred ro , was comprised primarily of 
members from the UCSO Surf Club who 
were dedicated to the idea of becoming 
SAEs. 

AccOiding to Woodard, no special-
interest group can register under (he 
name of a national fraternity without 
serious commilment and proven support 
from that organization. This is usuaDy 
done by coloniZing the local chapter. 

> CONTlNUED ON PAGE 8 > 

goJ~~ 
,,~ INCLUDf5: 
, Contact lenses, 

examination, patient 

~ chemical care kit , tudent 1.0. and fitting. With s -r-'f~~ )'/-1. fXTfNDfDWEAR V" y. ~\f lfN5f50NlY $265.00 
THE CLASSICAL EVE 
ROBERT H~llfR, 0 .0. 

la Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion valley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M, TARTAGLIA, 0 ,0 . 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 



8 Monday. Feb. 11. 1985 
NE~ 

..0.: ,', , w ,. ~'. ."_ 

SAEs 
( CONTlNUED FTtOM PAGE 7 , 
SAE was colontzed on 0 [Ober 13, 1984. 

As SAE Interest was beginning to grow 
in the fall of '83 , the IFC finished 
draWIng up its long-range expansion 
plans and rules for the years '84-'86. 
This made it difficult , said l eal, [0 ban 
SAE from Joining the IFC without 
further consideration . 

"They were a special case ," eal said, 
"because they were caught between the 
absence of fonnal rules and the new 
groundwork that we laid for expansIOn ." 

eal explained, however, that AE's 
untnvited move onto cam pus would not 
have been accepted under different 
ci rcumstances. "Had they come on after 
we had conducted this program, and 
had they, at that poim, started an 
interest group, then we would have not 
even considered leuing them on , but 
they were fonned at the time we started 
the expansion criteria. It was a special 
situation; therefore, we felt we had an 
obligation to look at this group further 
down the line." 

Said Dale Zeh , SAE vice preSident. "As 
far as not being let on because of being 
disorgantzed, they very well may have 
felt that way. lr was definttely harder for 
them to OUSt us than a differem 
fraternity because we did come on when 
the rules were still undefined ." 

As of wimer quarter, 1984, both AE 
and Zeta Beta Tau fraternity were trying 
to crash OntO campus without formal 
invitations from the IFe. A special 
expansion hearing was held and ZBT 
was invited [0 colonize . 

"ZBT was well organized and had 
done campus aClivities and 
philamhropies. They had conducted 
events and things that really showed 
that they had their stuff tOgether. So we 

decldrd to let ZBT on and we £old SAE 
£0 go back, strengthen their grou, attend 
IFC meetings and we'll see what 
happens from there. We did not give 
them any commitment as to whether 
we'd let them on," eal said . 

The IFC then invited seven 
fraternities £0 send a national 
representative and present their 
organizations [0 the council dt the 
offiCial expansion heari ngs In spring 
quarter of '84. SAE was one of the seven 
invited . but was nor extended a bid at 
that time. Of the other three that were 
evemually chosen , eal said that "they 
would contribute to the campus more 
and that they presented a better 
impression of their fraternity than SAE." 

eal add.ed . "The major reason why 
we [Oak on active interest in not just 
expansion but in the control of it was 
because we didn't wam to overwhelm 
the school. We wamed the system to be 
a positive force on campus, and we felt 
that by just letting any group on and 
(letting them) expand indiscriminately, 
not only would the qua lit), of groups on 
campus go down , but it would be too 
much too soon ." 

SAE appealed the IFCs expansion 
decision in the fall of '84 . and because 
they showed strong national suppOrt as 
a result of their colonizations and had 
established a loyal group of members, 
they were Invited on campus. 

According [0 Ward , "We took our first 
pledge class last quarter through a 
volleyball £Ournament and a couple of 
all -school pames. We've demonstrated 
the fact that we were here to stay. We've 
been colonized by our national; we've 
had frequent visits from our national. 
We've shown alumni support by having 
functions with the alumni every quarter. 
We have an alumni board. We've shown 
the gumption to have taken our first 
pledge class, and I think they Ithe [FCI 
are convinced now that we're going to 
stick around and we're not just a bunch 
of fly-by-nights " ~ 

Want To Earn Money? 
BE A CAPE RUNNER! 

Flexible hours, 'temporary job, only 4 
weeks long. Check the job board NOW 
and drop in for an interview at CAPE. 

Q-314 (452-2668) 

Brown proposes division 
of state lottery profits 
By JANE ROSENBERG. Sacramento CormpondC,lI 

FORMER GOV. EDMUND G (Pat) Brown , one of many Democratic leaders who opposed the state 
lottery initiative last fall , proposed on 
Sunday equally dividing lottery profits 
between education and youth 
employment programs. 

Estimating that lottery revenues could 
reach $2 billion in two years , the former 
governor said his proposal would free 
$1 billion for expanding programs like 
the California Conservation Corps, 
which keep disenfranchised youth off 
the streets and out of trouble. 

"We spend $27,000 a year to keep a 
kid in the California Youth Authority. 
We can spend half of that to give this 
kid a job and keep him out of prison ," 
said Brown. 

Brown didn't name any specific 
programs which could receive lottery 
revenues, but suggeSted creating an 
urban version of the CCC, and added 
that using 100tery money for youth 
employment projects was still within the 
spirit of the lottery initiative . 

"The kids that are in prisons are 
castoffs from the educational system," 
Brown said. "Precious few dollars are 
being spent on these kids. Most of them 
are lacking hope and faith in the 
political and economic system." 

The Deukmejian adminiStration 
estimates the lottery will generate $330 
million in its first year of operation. 
Under the governor's 1985-86 budget, 
the University of California should 
receive $8 million , $6 million of which 
has been eannarked for the purchase of 

instructional computers. 
"If the lottery only makes $1 billion , 

education would still receive $500 
million (under his proposal) and I don't 
see how they (educators) could object 10 
that ," Brown said. 

He added that he wasn't "wedded" to 
the equal split between education and 
jobs programs. 

The split hasn't been introduced in 
the state legislature and if it were to 
become pan of the lottery act it must be 
approved by California voters. Brown 
said he is now pushing the Legislature 
to approve his proposal for the 1986 
ballot. 

"I believe that government should nO! 
be in the business of gambling, but 
there are objects that deserve support of 
lottery revenues," he said . "The loltery 
proposition was written by the lottery 
companies, nOl by educators. Education 
was just a ticket they PUt on it to make 
it more palatable," 

Brown cautioned that his proposal 
doesn't mean he no longer supports 
educators in their fight for lottery 
dollars. "When I speak of putting some 
of the lonery into these kids, ( want you 
to know the proudest thing I did when I 
was governor was support the University 
of California, the state universities and 
the elementary and secondary schools, 
which should always be our highest 
priority.," he said. 

But 38% of Black youth and 20% of 
Hispanic youngsters are unemployed in 
Calfornia. They have a "right" to a share 
of lottety funds , he said. ~ 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
UCSD 

'. ~ STUDENT CENTER . 
. ~~O ~:/~9 ~O ~'(O~.a 1~'{ _)"'~~ -~A.9S 

fVJV~o~ 
o'y.'lO "",69 mUNCIL 

'{ ~o~ ~~ 

§iIJe glJlll! sll7Idhearl 
sllgal and spill 

and nllllg dellghlsl 
ThiS Valentine's Day, give your sweetheart a de-
lectable heart of goodies from Nutville, USA. 
Select from the finest nut s, fresh roasted daily 
in our coUniry kitchen. or some divinely delicious 
home-made chocolates. Combine them with some-
thing nice from our country store which features hand-
made pillows and quilts and a marvelous array of containers. 
crafts and collectables. Every gift from utville is packed with 
love and designed to d light. 0 don't delay, come see our 
special sweetheart selections today! 

~NUTV·~"E 
.... S.~ " Ell. '1171 

Fashion Valley Grossmont Center University Towne Centre 
296-8978 460-9594 45.5-NUTS 

ACROSS DOWN 
1 

" 

2 1.MAI 
J I ~I 
4 MI AI 
5 ., 
6 \'11' 
I 
8 ," 

9 VAl I NMB 9 (;R! f>!.H H 
10 'Off I 2 VI}I 10 CRI AIO 
11 \~AI J [(' 1.11, 11 AI ""fVf"'f~I ' 
12 IH',AI 4 III' 12 NIJ~ "'I ~ 1s HII~ 
13 A' 5 NOH 13 .... PA 
14 ' , 6 N~H' 11 <; PHIJ ~I AlII '. , 
15 \1 .... ... ' I ~r K 15 ["I Rfvlf", 

S (t, I ~' 16 INIRII If ' 
I A.W " , HOnl 

ClASSES ON CAMPUS 

l~~ 
Son DIego Cente' 
2180 Inel Aile u lte 2D 
P c lI,e Beaeh Q2109 
(619) 270.0110 
M l McNulty Admlnlsllotor 

•• > '" () I ~~"!11!~---_1111 .. ___ 1 

Class of 2011 
< CONTlNUED FTtOM PAGE , < 
in paradise. I barely had time to clothe 
your androgynous features before the 
Skinner Center compartmental-
psychologist arrived. 

''The Skinners were eager to peel 
away your natural self and clothe you in 
Americana. They argued the objective of 
child rearing was the establishment of 
the 'I' self, which could only be achieved 
through control of the subject'S food , 
shelter, praise and punishment. I 
reminded them of the public outcry 
when Skinner raised his daughter in 
one of his boxes. The compartmental 
Skinners quickly retorted , 'We are nOl 

talking here about a human. Look at the 
subject. Its mannerism is definitely 
closer to the ape. And though it can 
imitate speech, its thoughts are nO! 
linear or Aristotelian. Its childlike 
fascination and constant questioning 
indicate mental retardation. Our dury is 
to recondition the subject for survival in 
the real world .' They proposed to do 
this by placing you in <f four-screened 
televisioned room 10 accelerate your 
Americanization by showing you Famlly 
Duel to Death, The White House News, 
Wide World of Evangelism, Sado Sports 
Spectacular, One Life to Lust, Trivia Talk , 
The Perfect People, S/ M1Y and the ABC 
Dow-Murder of the Week. And, to 

r---------------------------------~ 
: STAY WARM IN STYLE 

COUNTRY 
CLUB 

eA NEW SPORTSWEAR 
FOR UCSD 

eAVAILABLE NOW AT 
REVELLE SUNDRY STORE 

eTHIS AD IS WORTH "ONE 
DOLLAR OFF" ANY LA]OLLA 
SHORES COUNTRY CLUB 
SWEATSHIRT 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I $1 Offer Expires March 1, 1985 $1: 
I 

---------------------------------_. 

UC SAN mEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

fIL~[RI[S 
1 ,. 9 · 8 5 

"VISUALLY THE FILM IS A MASTERPIECE •.. 
'Le Crabe Tambour' combines breathtaking visual 

power with intellectual complexity." - Jack Kroll. Newsweek 

JEAN ROCHEFORT· JACQUES PERRIN , CLAUDE RICH 
and JACQUES DUFILHO in A Film by PIERRE SCHOENDOERFFER 

Screenplay Adapted by JEAN-FRANCOIS CHAUVEL and PIERRE SCHOENDOERFFER 
Cinematography by RAOUL COUTARD . MusiC by PHILIPPE SARDE 

From the novel by Produced by GEORGES DE BEAUREGARD Dill,lb"I'" b __ 
PIERRE SCHOENDOERFFER (WINNER OF THE ACADEMIE) NICOlE JOUVE ( .. tEHAMA 

FRANCAISE PRize 

February 12, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m, 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. 55.00, Stu. &: Sr, 53.00 
... _i)T1tMfmONe &: UCSD Box Office: 452-4559_ ... 

Monday, Feb. II, 1985 9 
"!-.,) 

~:-: '-' ..• ~ ,.m:- • ~mK?: 

prepare you for the change, they 
insisted I have you read Walden Ill , the 
Skinner Center's bible on onhodox 
child indoctrination ." 

Cen stroked his chin , smiling. "The 
Skinners would return in three weeks [0 
test your conversion to the American 
scheme. Walden III was what they 
assigned, but Thoreau's Walden is what I 
gave you. They returned to find a 
rugged individualist living in a log 
cabin , quoting Thoreau: 'Shall we always 
study to obtain more things, and not be 
content with less? '1 Fortunately, the 
Campus Crusade for Capitalism was out 
of earshot. 1 The mass of men lead lives 
of quiet desperation ... . A stereotyped 
but unconscious despair is concealed 
even under what are called the games 
and amusements of mankind . INot a 
candidate for fraternity or sorority rush.] 

No way of thinking or doing, however 
ancient, can be trusted without proof. 
What everybody echoes or in silence 
passes by as true today may tum out to 
be a falsehood tomorrow. ISacrilege! say 
the GODs.), They Vindictively responded 
to my mischief by notifying the GODs 
that the bastard clone of Mary 
Josephson was alive ." 

For the first time since I'd known 
him, Cen released his anger. "They 
destroyed my lab, slaughtered the 
chimpanzee clan, and then the GODs 
cast you out of EDEN .. .. That evening, 
as the hellish flames of the burning 
EDEN lit the night sky, 1 heard anoth~r 
chimpanzee-like cry in the eucalyptus 
forest." 

Next wuk I will conclude the tale of my 
years before I enroll as an undenninded 
student here at UCSD. ~ 

Selection Is underway for 
WARREN RESIDENT 

ADVISORS 
for 1985-1986 

To get an application packet, bring a job 
referral slip from Student Employment to the 

Warren College Resident Dean's Office, 
You must attend one of the mandatory 

information sessions, either Monday, Feb, 11, 
or Thursday, Feb. 14, at 7 pm .. 

Call 452-4581 for more information, 

Application deadline Is 
friday. February 22. 

Valentine's Day Personals 
only 5CK (pcr 100 characters) 

Come to the Guardian before 
noon on Tuesday, 2/12, and see 
your Valentine's wish on the 14th. 



10 Monda.v, Feb, 11 , 1985 

~- ~ 
By VAN HUTCHINSON 

". Hi.s restless eyes leap and scratch 
At all that (hey can touch or catch. 
Hidden deep wlthm his pocket, 
Safe within the silent socket 
He holds a colored crayon. 
Now from his pocket quick he flashes, 
The crayon upon the wall he slashes 
Deep upon the advertiSing 
A Single word only 
Comprised of four letters . .. 

Poem on an Underground Wall, Simon &: Garfunkel 

SCRAWLED ON A DOOR In the stai rwell of the Psychology and Linguistics Annex is the greeting, 
"Welcome to the Crypt." A more stri ki welcome 

lurks around the comer-my heart . 
as the comer of my eye d etects a 
bloc king my path. It is only 
wizard , the prod uct of th 
one of UCSD's 

Perhaps the strength of will won oul, Grallill now 
appears to be an accepud part of campus life at UCSD. 
According to LifJtUJ Murphy, head of the Language Lab on 
the second jloor, the administration gaw up trying to 
eradicate graffiti stl'tral years ago and apparrntly now has 
resigned itself to a co-existence with the graffiti artists ' 
community. In apparent cooperation, defaced walls are 
conspiCUOUSly absent from the mainstrram of UCSD 
architecture. 

Yet, the artists Jound some novel places to put their 
mental output. Some put theirs on the floor. A cartoon faa 
by third floor of P &- L that a thousand footsups still 
haven 'r eroded smiles up at you, saying, "Here's looking at 
you, kid." Others put theirs on the verticlt "Kichplate" oj 
eac h step oj stairs. One In AP&-M warns, Don 't stub your 
toc. Reverse psychology, perhaps? 

One graffiti amst's presence was known only 
through his ubiqUitous symbol aU over the campus, one 
resembling an ancient Greek helmet or a head a la 
Picasso. The a rtists saw it so often they gave it a 
nickname, Ferd. It is obviously so well-known that 
when I described and drew it for my friend Kava 
Zuzak, of Muir Wilderness House, he recognized it 
immediately. He sa id , "Oh yeah, that's Ferd!" 

' '''''UIVU. that 
rrtenlber of the 

the code-name "Badger' took 'it 
upon himself to pep up his feUows with the foUowing 
ditty: 

Deck the walls with words oj Jolly. 
Pal-la-Ia -Ia -Ia -Ia -Ia -lant ir. 
T'is the time Jor wrbal volley 
Pal-Ia -10 -la-Ia-la -Ia -Ian tiro 
Ste we now blank walls btJore us, 
Pal-la-la-la-la-la-la-lantir 
Grab your pen and join the chorus 
Pal-la-la-la-la-la-la-lantir! 
Needless to say, the graffiti artist "Palantir" expressed 

ecsratic enthusiasm over his name being immortalized 
in verse. 

Like absraining from defacement of classrooms and 
hallways the graffiti community has developed a largely 
consistent code of ethics, Conventional graffiti is 
absolutely not colerated. Four-letter words, racial slurs 
and el'O{ic drawings are scorned, criticized, defaced 
and made fun of by surrounding "entries." These 
unimaginative, animal-like behaviors are accused of 
"using up valuable space." 

Instead, the space which seems co be deemed the 
most valuable is anywhere near a provocative 
comment. With wit rivaling the loony Monty Python 
crew, the writers carry on repartee, or ·verbal volley" 
with concise epigrams. Near the Language lab stairwell I 
is an expressed San Diego frustration , dewlopers- go to 
hell! Under it was written, Photographers too! 

Another repartee went like this: 
Your Kanna just ran over my Dogma! 
Next time set the brake. 
Curb your wheels, if not your Dogma. 

) 

. Revtl/e students, does it take to screw in 
to do it and 10 to throw a party. 

another on the cutthroat competitiveness: How 
many pre-meds does it take to screw in a light bulb? 2: 1 
to screw it in, and another to pull out the cnair. 

Like the lyrics of a different Simon &: Garfunkel 
song. the words of the prophets reaDy are written on 
the subway walls and teMment hans. Some of the 
conversations. born in the sound of silence, echoed 
some very profound ideas. In one waU-bound 
argument, one graffiti artist accused another, -How 
does it feel to be hated?" A pacifist by the name of 
Basco gendy asked. "How does it feel to hate?" 

Religion, and more broadly, the nature of human 
existence, was rrobably the biggest copic of discussion. 
A long series 0 polemics between a Christian (whose 
ideograph is a devil!) and a legion of Ayn Rand 
objectionists and others gave heat to the cold 
stairweRs. 

In some cases, the very paSlime of the graffiti artist 
was becoming an obseSSion, an idol. In AP&:M, one 
wrote, God is a wall. Beside it, "Is the Wall dead?" 

But then , God had the IastWdtd, it seems. 
Undoubtedly through direct divine inspiration or even 
intervention was written, "Opium is the religion of the 

,people. Signed, God. 

Monday, Feb, II , 1985 11 

'" -. Ar, 

>' 1 > • , , 

, . 

.~,-.. -.. 
: . ., ..... 

..-~ 
.:..,~~ 

';"1 ' . .. 
,J . __ "I-

........ _ . 

... -

.--. 

,.,. ~- . 
__ .f!? n--

led me to reflect on the "psychology 
it be accurate to say the artists 
inteUigent misfits who arc runed-

? It seems likely that societal 
them to the mild sociopathic 

waUs. And perhaps the act of 
the artist a sense of identity, or 

even a e[ficacy, or personal power, as he 
thwarts all efforts to stop him. Quite likely graffiti 
anists a:re introspective. One .expressed his feelings 
with Why am i afraid of people? Another offered, Because 
you 're afraid oj yourself. 

However, a more Freudian explanation appeared on 
the wall itself: A graffiti artist is an undersexed male 
who gains fulfillment from using a pen, a phaUic 
symbol, co fulfill the open wall. Someone scrawled 
under this , "Pen envy?" Another replied, "Phallicy." 
(Not surprisingly, this appeared in the Psychology 
Building.) 

Psychology aside, my favorite entry has got co be a 
simple pictogram on the fifth floor stairwell of P &: L. 
It shows three fish . The smaUest, about co be swaUowed 
by the middle fish , is saying, "There is no justice in 
this world ." The middle fish , about co be swallowed by 
the big fish . is saying "There is some justice in this 
world ." The big fish is saying "The world is just." And 
the big Pac-Man behind them JUSt chuckles, "eh-eh-
eh: ( 

AU refutations (from the original artists), hate-mail 
and favorite bits of graffitti should be sent to Van 
Hutchinson care of the Guardian. Coming up: License 
Plates II and An Archaeologist Discovers UCSD. 



12 Monday, Feb. 11 , 1985 

. ' ..... ~:... .. . . ~ ... , «- 9.:",-;,,:':, • " " )0 • .' • .~ 

Academic Services 
MONDAY-I'lllDAY 
.»4100 pill - OASIS writing Centl!t' otfl!t's 
free service for all UCSO students INho need pr~ 
w it ing ~p, confl!t'e'lces on drafts, Nld I!diting 
advice. We engage any kind of writing. Nld any 
kind of writing problem. Co~nces are by 
appointment only. Evening appointments are now 
also available in OASIS 7hird Place at 7h"d College. 
(For the full range of sl!lVices see back of Fall 
Schedule., cau 452-2284 or rome by USB 4010 to 
make NI appointment. This service is il\li!ilable 
tlYoug-out !hi! quartl!t'. 
.. -....00 pili - Test Prep PAl Conferences-
Do you feel confident about yuur finals? Do you 
know what to study and how to learn for total 
recal l? Can you write a strong an5\1\1ef to essay 
questions7 Do you know how to srore high on 
mu !tip le choice Nld true or false questions? Do you 
budget your test time? If you Nls\l\lefl!d "No" to 
any of thl!se questions, schedu Ie a PAl Con~rence 
and learn how to do your best on exams. 
Sponsorl!d by the OASIS Reading and ~ Skills 
Center. In 4010 USB. 
11»4100 pIII- PAl Con~ences-Don't spend 
more time studying than necessaryl SctlecIuIe a 
one-to-one PAl (personal assistance for learning) 
conference to streamline your studying. The 

con~ences will cll!aJ with your course rnatl!ria/s 
concerns including reading colTllrehension, 
memory control, lecture notetaking, and test 
preparation, as \l\lell as how to manage your time, 
h.YldIe stress, corlCl!t'ltrate bettl!t', Nld OIII!t'come 
procrastination. Sponsorl!d by the OASIS. Reading 
and Studv Skills Centl!t'. In USB 4010. 
.... 4100 JNII - Grammar Moses Hotli~A 
hotline pho~n service for help \/\lith action, 
grammar and punctuation problems. To reach 
Grammar Moses call 452-2284 ~ the hours 
eX 9 and 4, Mo~-Fridirj, Sponsorl!d by thl! 
OASIS Wri ting Center . Service available 
tlYou!TOut !hi! quartl!t'. 
11»4100 pm - Drop-In Hours. For questions 
pmaining to career plNlning.joO hunting, resume 
critiquing, etc. ,A,ppolntments may also be 
scheduled in !hi! morning by calting career SeMces 
Centl!t' at 452-3750. In HL 1058. 
MONDAY & W.DNUOAY 
, , ~, ZaOO pIII- The lAnguage Program L_I 
I and II-This OASIS focuses on thl! thnking skills 
you need to successfully handle thl! reating and 
w rit ing tasks assigned in your courses. It is 
desigled for those w ho want to perfect their 
English language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and w riting specialists Nld bi lingual tutors. 
LP is presentl!d by the OASIS writ ing Center and 
the OASIS Reading Centl!t'. USB 4070. 
Z ... IOO pili - can the mind be control1ed7 
Can you learn to concentrate on text without 
unrontrolled side trips 7 can you rurn on your 
creatMty at will7 YESI Concentration and creiItMty 
go hand in hand and you can learn to create bOth, 
as well as cII!vI!top the alJility to come up \/\lith all 
those great ideas, those prl!dseevaluations of text. 
If you're in a humanities or othl!t' social science 
course, if you have to read Nld analyze text-
partiOJlarly for disOJsslons and papers or essay 
tests-<lon't rriss Concentration and CreiItMty: A 
Workshop in Reading and Thinking. Presentl!d by 
the OASIS Reading and Study Skills Center. In thl! 
Student Centl!t' Conference Room, Bldg. B. 
MONDAY 

- Graduate School/Law/M BA Advising. 
Planning on a Graduate, Law or MBA degree 
program after UCSD7 Help \l\lith admission and 
application questions today by appointment only. 
call career SeMce$ Centl!t' at 452~939 br more 
detailed information. In thl! SWdent Centl!t' Bldg. 
A. 

11~' 1145.., '- Need more hours7 Got 45 
minutes7 Then there's a place for )QJ at !hi! 
TECH(nique) TALK about The Time Finder. At USB 
4010. Presentl!d by the OASIS Reading and Study 
Skills Center. To sign up, call 452-2284. 
h".11O pili - Interested In the Health 
Pro~ions7 Advising appointments available for 
carl!l!t' planning and pr~professional school 
preparation. Call career Services Center at 452-
4939 in ~Nlce for an appointment, but no earlier 
than one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
ZI30 pm - 7hI! Marketable Resume! Workshop. 
Learn how to construct a state-of-~art resLJll'lt 
that \/\Iill IT\Il!(e you stNId out from the crowd, In 
thls newly revised workshop. Sponsored by carl!l!t' 
Services Centl!t', In the Revelle Formal Lounge, 
""0.00 filii - LSAT Prep Course-This free 
course is deslgnI!d to familiarize students withthl! 
!.SAT. Srore your best on thl! LSA TI Each session 
will rombine Instruction, discussions, practice tests 
and test-taking stratl!Qles for the Reading 
COlTll'ehension. AnalytICal Reasoning. Evaluation 
c:A Facts, and IDQlcal ReasO<llng SectIOns of thl! 
!.SAT. In addition, you'" take a diagnostic test that 
Will indicate just where you should focus your 
studies during the the weeks before the ex.;wn. 
Make your pr~test revIeW efficient and effective 
With the LSA T Prep course I Sponsored by the 
O".SIS Reading and Study Skills Center. In USB 
305Q6.. 

TUUDAY 
!o~'ZIOO filii - How to Concentrate At 
Will-~r wonder ~ you can't study when you 
plan to 7 Lack of concerltration is one of the most 
ditflcult and pl!(sistent problems college stucll!nts 
face. This workshop identifies the factors that 
disrupt learning. and prcMdl!s prOYen techniques 
for cornbattk'lg these problems, Learn how to put 
OUt your maximum effort when you want to l 
Sponsorl!d by !hi! ~IS Reading and Stuc:tt Skills 
Cencl!t'. TCHB 244. 
2100 pili -Interviewing Skills Workshop. Cb you 
need help In preparing for job interviews 7 career 
Services Center Will prOVIde tips on the best ways 
to present your qualifications and what kind of 
Interview questions to expect. In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 
21 .. 4100 fHI'I - Intl!t'estl!d 'In M l!dldne o r 
Dentisuy7 Orop-;n adviSing in open sessions. 
Sponsored by the career Services Center. In the 
Carl!l!t' SenAces Center at Student Centl!t' Bldg. A . 

4tOO .... - careers In Human seMces-EXpIore 
the dIIIerse neld of human services with a panel of 
specialists INho \/\Iill talk with you aIJout their 
careers In the heIpjng pr~ions (sodal IMlrI<, 

ro~ etc.). Sponsored by Career Services 
Cenm. In the North Conference Room. 
wmJNllDAY 

- Graduate School/~w/MBA AdviSing. 
PlNlning on a GractJatl!, t.Iw or MBA degree 
program attrr UCS07 Help \/\lith actnission and 
application questions today by appointment only. 
Call carl!l!t' Services Cenm at 452-4939 for more 
detaill!d Information. In thl! Student Centl!t' Bldg. 
A. 
91"".00 _ - Interested In Medicine or 
Dentist/}'7 Drop-In advising In open sessions. 
Sponsorl!d by the Carl!l!t' Services Center. In the 
Career Services Center at Student Center Bldg. A. 
10100 .... - On-Campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are Intl!t'ested In participating in 
the Caree~ Services Center's on-campus 

photoJ by Rich PeciJak 
nteMeWIng progam this quarter, It IS mandatoly 
that )QJ attend one of these orlentatklns before 
you interview. ~Ie Formal Lounge. 
11100 _ - Rncing the Hidden Jot) Markel. 
8O'Ib of all job vacancies are u~ This 
\I\oOrkshop will teach you a W#fy to lind out about 
Ihem. Sponsored by Carl!l!t' SI!Mces Cenm. In the 
Revelle Formal !Dunge. 
I 2100-1 M5 ,.. - If you're In a Ut clilSs and the 
assiglments and papers don't coincide with the 
weeks left in the quarter, anend the TECH(nique) 
TAU( deslgned for speed readlng-thnklng. It's 
called Fiction Grids. Presented by the Q\SIS 
_ .. ng and ~ Skills Centl!t' . To si!1l up, call 
452-2284. In USB 4010 . 
,2100-, 100,.. - Burroughs Presentadon-Any 
students ~ed in knowing more about their 

~ or who is having an inter oiew \/\lith tnem 
should attend. Sponsored ~ Qreer SI!Mces 
Center. In the ReYeIIe FormaIl.ounge. 
I ... ,... ,.. - Interested In !he .. alth 
Profaslons11'1d111s1ng appoiltlllelllS lIWIIfabIe for 
career planning and ~ sd100l 
preparMion. Gall career SeNlces Cenwr at 452-
4939 in ~ br NI appoinImenr. but no NrlIer 
th.Y1 one week. In the SIudenr Cenwr Bldg, A 
JIOO pm - Making carl!l!t' DecisIons. Too ~ 
choices1 Learn NI easy and ~ pIOCISS b' 
ctloosing betWeen ~ areer apcIcn and 
setting appropNte goals. /VI exceIlI!nt tIJIow.up 
to the "Jdentl¥ng bIr CIreer" \Mlrlatq). 
Sponsored ~ career 5enIIces CenII!r, In the IIeIoelIe 
Formal Lounge. 
....-aAY 
.... '0lI0 - Speed RYInO-HOW do )QJ 
handle three oc llur courses i1 2Yz 1I'IOr-.hs1 \lAth 
ITIIXIrrum ~adIng efIIcier1qIlln this CDUIW. )CU CWI 
e.pea to OJt )QJr reading time in half for morel 
and irnpIWe your ~ COilCelltiitiOr1 
and r«all This free course baJses on speed of 
con."ehension for UCSO uniIIerslly as.sIgIme its, 
Sponsored by the <V.SlS RNdlng and StIDJ Skills 
Center. In TOIB 141. 
, ... " ....... - Interested in the Health 
PI'olIessIons 1 AcMslng appoIncments lIWIIfabIe for 
can!er plarYing and pre-proressiona school 
preparation. call carl!l!t' SeMcB CenII!r a 452-
4939 in acMncr for an appoi Itment. but ~ Nrlier 
th.Y1 one week. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
,2100-, 1141 ..... - Doyour notes tell)QJ whars 
!JlIng to be on your ecan1 Do they carlty the 
concrpts and lead to in5ig1Cs 1 Do they make 
studying easy7 Got any "no's· ID these questions 7 
Got 45 ninures7 Tum these no's Into~'s \/\lith the 
Cornell ~tem TECH(nique) TAU(. Sponsored by 
the ~lS Reading and StIDJ Sklls Cenwr. 1n USB 
4010. 
, ....... ,.. - Graduate SctlooI/Law/MB/\ 
M.tisIng. Planning on a Graduate. I.1w or MB/\ 
degree progam ikr UCS01 ~ \/\lith admission 
and appIcatlon questions ~ by appoInonent 
only. call career Sl!Mces Centl!f at 452-4939 br 
mare detailed Information. In the Student Center 
Bldg, A 
... MY 
.... '0100 pm - The O".SfS Grammar Nld 
MechNIIcs \Mlrkshop is desi!1'ed for students 
IMlO would like to work on darltylng basic 
!1amrnaDcaI conceplS and cmgorIes and applying 
Ihem in an extensM systematic series of practical 
exercises. The practice is valuable for any students 
IMlO '- problems writing the co",*" English 
sentences demanded In academic writing. /VI 
exercise manual to be purchased by the student 
IMII be used. All work will be ~ in the 
context of thl! workshop. In USB 4070. 
, ... , '100 _ - Graduate SctlooI/Law/MB/\ 
AlMsing. Planning on a GractJate, Law or MB/\ 
degree program .r UCSO? Help \/\lith admission 
and application questions ~ by appointment 
only. call career Services Centl!t' at 452~939 for 
more detailed Information. In thl! Stucll!nt Center 
Bldg. A 
, .... , 1100 ,.. - Intl!t'ested in the Health 
Professions? AcMslng appointments avalfable for 
carl!l!t' planning and pr~protesIonaI school 
preparation. call career SenAces Cenm at 452-
4939 In ~Nlce br an appointment. but no earlier 
th.Y1 one week. In thl! Stucll!nt Cenm Bldg. A 

lectures 
MDNBDAY 
z.o.llOO ,.. - Pratesor Dan WUlbl!t't of the 
Math ~t IMII speak about his teaching 
and research ~IS. In HSS 2154, 

~Y 
- Information session on study abroad programs 

In Austria, England. France, Spain, Mexico Nld 
Wales, offered by Central College, Iowa. 
International Studes Coordinator Bartlilra Butler 
be visiting to describe thl! progams to prospectiIIe 
partidpants and NlS\l\lef questions. In the 
Intl!t'national Center !Dunge. 
SlOG pili - Marine and Natural Products 
Chemistry: Dr. Faulknl!t' o f SIO Will talk about his 
research on the extraction of proclJcts from sea 
creatures Nld thl! products' uses and biochemical 
significance. Presented by ACS-Student A,"llares. 
In LXey Hall 1000. 

Organizational Meetings 
III10NDAY 
'ZIOO .... - Rerw: Meeti1g for election planning 
and breakfast get-tugdl ... -ooth events in fast 
approadlIngi Bring your linen and a friend, In the 
MuIr Con1erI!t"Ice Room. 
n.sDAY 
IlOO pili - Are}'OU interested In a<MrtisIng. 
public relations or 1lliWlceU1g 1 Get Inbrrned at our 
\lCA:)men In comrrunicatlons meeting with speakl!t' 
!JJI!SC.Janet ~ ~ from laNIess Marketi1g 
Consultants. ~tsl In MCC 133. 
... nAY 
a.oo .... - Scuba Clib meets \/\lith a d)41arnic and 
interestk1g program. " you Ike the undl!rwater 
world. the diving dub's b' )QJ. 
nM.sDAY 
IlOO .... - American Chemical Society-Sludent 
AmIIates MeetIng: Dr, Faulknl!t' of SIC will talk 
about his research on the eclTactlon 01 products 
from sea creatures NId the proc1Iccs' uses and 
biochemical significance, All welcome . 

~ts. lkI!y Hall 1000. 
PlllDAY _ 
.100 JNII - AIM PIzza Intl!t'face with Industry 
/Free PIzza and Beerl. Members NId ProspectiIIe 
ITlC!rIIbm _ \NeIcome. At the GO/Convair Rec. 
Center. 

Recreation 
MOMMY 
7100 .... - The UCSO Waterski Club meets to 
clscuss upcoming sid actMtIes. All levels of 
\Ni1tI!rSIcIers ~lcome. In the Rtoc. Confrrence ~. 
n.sDAY 
7100 ,.. - The UCSO Outing Club meets to 
dlsaJss I4lCDfY1Ing cross~ntJy sid trip NId othl!t' 
outings. Drop ~ to meet othen to explore the 
outaxIrs with. In !hi! Rec. ConJerence Room, 
_DAY 
,.z.eo.hll ..... - Fr~k VItale of !hi! P.E. 
nep.tment will five an Inbrmal ta/lc on nutrition 
and basic health and fitness. BrIng your kJnd1. 
Sponsored by CA,B. In the Re\/elle Informal 
Lounge. 
ntllllDAY 
............ - Language Tables: Come and 
corwne In Frendl. German or Spanish 0\II!t' 
dlnnl!t'. All Intl!t'ested brel!11 ian9Jage students 
are mast ~mme-mNI cards or cash basis. 
NatJve speakers can hallemealspa/dror~145S-
0157 ~r information. In the South Dining Hall of 
the Revelle caffterfa. 
PlllDAY 

!J~'IOO ,.. - Brown Bag \l\lith Professor 
Greb of HlstOf}' and Pbfltic.al Sciene:? Bring your 
linen br a friendly and Informal aswssion WIth 
Profesor Greb. In !hi! Multi-Purpose Rm. above 
EDNA 
SATUlmAyaSUNDAY 
All a., - UCSO Men's and Women's ultimate 
teams host the ThIrd Annual Wintl!t' C~tal 
Ultimate Tournament. Stop by and see someofthl! 
best ultimate teams in the count/}' in action. At thl! 
Warren Fields. 

IA~Y.~Y 
7.00 •• ,S.t., - Cross - ~untry 
SId/Ci!n1>/Snow Shelter Trip ID Mt San .JacInto. 
Includes transportarlof\ cooking equipment. 
tents, skis, poles, boots, snow shelter bulking 
equipment supper on Sat. and Soo" breakfaston 
SUn and Man .. and a tram tlcket. At the Outctlor 
Recreation Equipment Rental Office at 
Canyorrview. S40.00. 
SUMMY 
'100 .... - UCSO Lacrosse Team hosts the squad 
from Claremont College for a league 
corIrontation, Oleer on the UIxmen in their home 
opener. At lNrd ReId. 

servicesjWorkshops 
liiIoNDAy 
.... 1 .... _ - Let Go of SUess Nld RNx-
ThIs Is a new group for all UCSO students deslg1ed 
to t9ch me!tDds of rNxing and cII!a1ing with 
strm which can be used for a IKetlme. Te<h1iques 
wiN Include breathing exercises, bio~ 
~ rl!lallation. autogenic training. guided 
1mageIy, meditation. self~is and ti~ 
management Meets Nd1 MondIy thoiJ!1Iout !hi! 

~. Students INI)' attend all sessions. oc drop 
in to any one r:A them as <XlI'Mnient Met!IS at 1003 
H-l. 0fI'ered by Ma)Nrd Brusrnan, Psyctological 
and Counseling 5eNIces. 
...... ....... - Lesbian SUpport Group-lNs 

~ dr~n discussion group olfers peer 
SI.4lPO't personal mncem and a forum for 
ecpIoration of sodal and political Issues. Led by the 
\Mlmen's Resourcr Cenm ~ Counselors. call 
452-2023 br Info and to s/g'l !4). At the \ICA:>rnen's 
Resource Center. 
.... pm - Red I, II and III group membels are all 
Invited to attend a pot klck supper on Monday, 
February IB, ~t the warren Pro\iost COl Ie ellCI! /tn. 
Corne at 5:00 pm and share good bxI, 

m~nandfun 
1wIMY 
12 .. 1100,.. - ~ ~ Attendancr at 
our Birth Control Inbrmation Sessions '- been 
lagging lately. and I am bI!coming VERY LFSETf I 
know that ~ out thI!t'I! ooes NOT'- all 
c:A the facts on this sul!ject. Nld it's l!VeI)'One's 
responsibility ID be Inlormed. The sessions in laid 
back, conlldential, and Intelet/ng. so get off your 
butts Nld get to a sessional L,pStaiFl at the Student 
Health Cenm. 
'10.2110 pili - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group-This Is an on-going 
conl'idential support group for undergracunr men 
CJjI!Stioning their Sl!Jlua/Ity, as \Nell as those who 
identity as ~ /tIisexual. Met!IS weekly tIl'ou\11OUt 
!hi! quartl!t'. Students can calileadl!t', Steve Brady, 
at 452-3755 br more Info, or they canjust come to 
thl! group. Sponsored by f'SychoIogicai Nld 
Counseling SeMces. In 1003 HL 

'~211O ,.. - C>.Ierconing Compuls~ 
fating- In a supportive environment !1oup 
participants will learn ways to eliminate 

cOrTlJUls~ eating. The foaJs \/\Iill be on ct\NIging 
bI!t\aviors, thoughts and beliefs ....nch perpetuate 

this compulsion, and work on ilTllroving self-
image. The !1oup is not open to those who 
experience a binge/purge t}'C1e or who greatly 
restrict their diet. Sponsorl!d by Psychological Nld 
Counseling Services. Please call Tl!t'nille A:lrter, 
452-3035 or Denise 2111Y111!r111an 452-3755 to sign 
up. Met!IS at Mr. \I1ew Lounge, Third Co/lege. 
MDNaaAY 
, Z'" 100 filii - There was once a man name 
of Phil. Who knew not one diIrn thing of the pill. So 
hi! WI!rlt to a Birth Control Session, Nld took home 
a lesson. of how to be responsible lllllith Jill this 
girlfriend). L,pstalrs at the Student Health centl!t'. 
, z.., 110 pili - Genl!t'al Therapy-This 0n-
going, confidential group is open to 
undergraduate students. The OOlS will be on 
personal Nld inrrrpersonal concrms. led by Steve 
Brady and l.incIsey Stroben of Psychological Nld 
Counseling Services. Meets at 1003 H-l. caN 452-
3755 to s/g'l Up. 
4~SIIO pili - RecoverIng from fating 
Disorders II (~D III. This group is for women who 
haIIe participated in the REO Program and are 
continuing to work on recr:NefY. Led by UnClsey 
Stroben and a RED ~ Counselor. Offered by 
Psychological and CounseUng Services. It you have 
previously worked on an eating disorder, please 
call Undsey at 452-3755 ~r an initial interview 
prlor to joining the group. In 1003 H-L 
.......... ,.. - campus Black Forum-This is a 
WeI!kIy, in~rmal diswssion group on the issues, 
mncerns, and the QUaUty of life of thl! Black 
COrnrnJrlity at UCSO. 'This is an ongoing group Nld 
students can .Pin at any time. ca. leader Phil 

~ at 452-3035 If you '- any questions; 
0It1erWise. ~ can)Jst turn up at the group. 
Meets in the Mountain \I1ew Lounge in Third 
College. Offered by f'S)IchoIogIcaI Nld CounseUng 
Services. 
lHI8DA Y 
""'100 pili - Do you hoM! the Keys to Your 
Heart1 Find out by droppjng ~ the North 
Conference ftlom of thl! Student Cenm on 
ltusday, FebnlillY 14 (Villentine's Day) for the 
second NlnJaI free Blood Pressure Screening Nld 
discussion sponsored by Student Health 

~, H!aIth EducaDon In honor of "Heart 
Day." call 452-2419 br IT1CJrI! InIormatJon. 21. , ...... - ReaMring from fating 
DIsorders Program (RED I), This Is a p!'O!1am for 
women students with eating disorders. 
Partlq)ants 1110\11! toward rer:t:Nf!f}I It1roug1 a 
prll!1am of !1actJal stages. SCudents IMD are 
obsessed with weight control, who may 
altI!rnatI!ly binge, ~t. or IIOIIit will lind a common 
ground of support and caring. Led by IJev Harju 
and a RED PWr Counselor. Sponsored by 

~ and Counseling SenIIces. 8ev can be 
~ar:tled at 452-3987 for mare 1nIb . 
......... pili - Headache Treatment Group-
This ·/5 a group for students IM10 are ctYonic 
hl!adache sulrel'l!rs. PartqJants will INm stress 
reclIction tedY1iques, as \WlI as OCher headache 
treatment prOCedures, Offered by Penny 
McClellan, Psychological NId Counseling SI!Mces. 

If~'~ ~ caIIl'erY¥ and fecNoe your name 
NId number. She can be I'NChed at 452-3155 or 
452-3035. Meets at Student Health SI!Mces 

C~1blrn. 
~Y 

'~IIOO .... - Do 'ItIu ~ COIIIX)M 
SEMEn7.JOO us for the Second Anrual COIlItIm 
Sense CeieClration. CeleIlr_ National Cond:lm 
We8 by seeing the humorous film "Cond:lm 
Sense" and Ie.Ynlng some Condom races. Free 
Condom with actnIssion. In the North C~ 
Il:lom of the Student Center. 
11M , ...... - AkDho/ and Substance Abuse 
Group-For students who want help in dealing 
INith an almho/ or drug use PfOI*m. fITllhasis will 
be on und!Istandng the cof1l)lec1ty of the 
problem, identifying options, making a 
mrro •• blll!llt ID ~, iIrId following tIYough. 
Homework assI!J oments and group norms will be 
I!5tib1ished as part of the group's and indviduaf's 
program. 8rforI! joining !hi! groop, Interested 
students are aslcl!d to call Becca at 452-.3 755 to 
make a short appointment \/\lith one of our 
CDtJrRIors to see it the group will meet their needs. 
LI!d by 0.... Munoz. PS)'dloIogIcaI and COUIlSdng 
SeMces. Meets at the ~ f'nM:lst's OtnCl!. 
IIOCHIIO pili - ~-IecI Gay/BiSewal Men's 
SUpport Group. This Is a weekly drop-In peer 
support group br male students IM10 Identity as 
being gay or blsecual, as wei as br those who are 
expIoOng their sexuality, The group is tadUCatI!d by 
student peer counselors and Is a grNt opportunity 
to talk \l\lith other students snaring similar 
concerns. ~ stIJcII!nts can join at any time. 
Offerl!d by PsycholOgIcal and Counseling Services. 
Meets at H-L 1001 If students haIIe any questions 
!hey can call Carlos oc Demetrius at 452-4297; 
otherwise, they can just arr~ b the group. 

Relioious Functions 
MONdAY ..... MY 
5100 JNII - catholic Mass. Sponsorl!d by thl! 
catholic CorTlIrunity at UCSO, In !hi! lk1i11ersity 
Luthl!t'NI Church. 
MONDAY 7....... ..... - Asian-American ChristiNl 
Fellowship (MCF)-Tonight. we will !1J 0III!t' the 
Christian Discipline of SUbmission. A li~ yielded to 
God Is a II~ of abundance. Join us and find out 

~. Singing begins at 7:00 pn. In the Revelle 
Informal lDunge. 
n.sDAY 
7110 pili - Tuesday Nigtt Discussion Group. 
"Barley cakes and Faith" or 'Mly do catholics !1J 
to Mass. Sponsorl!d by the cathoUc Student 
Coordinators. In the catholic Lounge of thl! 
Lhlversity Luthl!t'an Church. 
MDNDDAY 
6100 pili - Supper .served by LutherNl stucll!nts 
and open to all. Contribution appreciated, but not 
required. In thl! !Dunge of the lk1i11ersity Lutheran 
Church, just west of Revelle College. 
7.00 ,.. - 7he Spok of.Job Is being ecpIorl!d by 
!hi! lutheran Students, Sessions are open to 
1!\IeI)'OrlI!. In the Lounge of the l.IniIIersIty Lutheran 
Church. 
7IJO pili - For ChristiNls: A series of WeI!kIy 
semin~rs "Answering Ouest Ions about 
ChristiNlity." Taught by Bob SIegel of Sqjourners 
Christian Fellowshp. In the Student Cenm 
IlJlldfng B, South ConfI!t'e'lce Room. 
7110 ,.. - Sible Study: A time to aSCOller the 
ITII!Nling of God's Word In our daily tves. 
Sponsored by the catholic Student Coordinators. 
In thl! catholic Lounge of the li1Iversity Lutheran 
Church. 
IlOO pm - the SCripture ~adings b nert Sunday 
are previNled. Sponsored by the lk1i11ersity 
Luthl!rans, but all _ \l\lelcome. In the Lounge of 
the lk1i11ersity Lutheran Church. 
... pili - There \/\Iill be a mnternp/atilie prayer 
exercise II!d by Fr. FrNlk in the catholic Lounge. 
Come join with other students In discoIIering 
contemplative prayer. Sponsored by the catholic 
Student Coordinators. In the U1iYersIty Lutheran 
Church. 
'0100.-- Carld/eIig1t Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic COITITI.Inity at UCSO, In the Chapel of thl! 
L.hIIIersity Luthl!ran Church. 
ntWIIDAY 
... pili - The ltursday DIr1ner, Good bod and 
great co~. Sponsored by the c:acho/Ic Student 
Coorlinators. In the UliYersIty lutheran Church. 
D:Inatlon 5200. 
7100 .... - Stl.Oj Break-sponsored by !hi! 
Campus Crusade br ClYist. Join us for an evening 
c:A fun and ~ as ~ look at Goers \M)rd 
1DgeItIe'. In IIonner HaN 2f0S. 
7IJO .... - lklited Campus Ministry sponsors a 
Bible ~ E\ll!ning Topic: "Rndng 'ltlurself in the 
Parables of .JI!5us." UCM is the ~ ministry of 
!hi! Prebyterians. MethodIsts. UCC and the 
Disdpll!5 c:I ClYist students, AI _ \l\lelcorne. 
Refreshments win bllow. In the Ofricr of ReligIous 
Mairs, Student Center Bldg. 8. 
IAn.DAY 
SIlO pili - catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
CatholIc COITITI.Inity at UCSO. In !hi! Chapel of the 
li1IIIersAy Lutherarl Church. 

~y' 
Il00. "'s. & '1100 _ - Epismpal Church 
~ SeMcI!: SUnday Eucharist Nld Parish 
fellowshp. In the Good SamarItan EpIscopal 
Churdh, 4321 fastgatr Mall. Across from Genesee 
from east end of ~, nortt1 of La ""'ii! VIllage 
Dr. nters«tIon of Genesee. 
.110 _ - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholk: COITITI.Inity at UCSO. In the Chapel of the 
Lhlversity lutheran Church. 
'0100 _ - lutherNl Communion service. 
CiIf'TPUS Pastor John Huber wiN preach. In the 
Chapel of the lk1i11ers1ty Lutheran Church, 
'OlIO _ - catholic ~. Sponsored by !hi! 
catholic Community at UCSO. 1D\I\Ief Level 
Conference Room of thl! Student Center Building 
B. 
1"'1 _ - "Mission Nld Marxism in Central 
Mlerica," presented by Dr. Robl!t't Gusslck. All are 
wetcome. In the Lounge of the lkiversIty Lutheran 
Church. 
.... ,.. - catholic Mass. Sponsored by thl! 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the lk1i11erstly 
Luthl!t' an Church. 
7 ... ,.. - Lutheran Comrrunion seNke \l\lith 
iIIlbreviatl!d 11tur\W. Campus Pastor ..tlhn Hubl!t' 
will preach. In the Chapel of thl! lk1i11oers1ty 
Lutheran Church, 
.,. ,.. - Eplsmpal Churdh \Mlrstip Service: 
Folk Mass, In the Good Samaritan episcopal 
Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 



UCSD has a field day 

T nton Dan PelerS(ln dives bach IOfirsl 
as UCSD pounced all O\ler Pr. Loma Nazarene. 

By JOHN SCHACHT 

T HE SLUMP IS ove r. It didn't last very long to begin wirh , and Thursday the Triton nme pasted 
Pr. Lorna I azarene 8-0 to eliminate any 
rumours that their bats had flown south 
for the wimer. 

Behind another two-hit perfonnance 
b~ the Triton pitching staff, UCSD piled 
up 14 hits on their way to their second 
victory over Pr. Lorna in as many 
meetings. It was the TritOn's second 
triumph of the ~ason in as many 
outings [00, and marked rhe first college 
victol)' for reliever Mike Petersen. 

Petersen came on with one our m the 
fIfth and gave up a si ngle to the first 
barter he faced . Pr. Lorna's euphoria 
ended right there. Perersen gOl out of a 
bases-loaded siruation with a double 
play that inning and shut out Pt. Lorna 
the next four innings without a hit, 
walking one, striking out one and doing 
his best Impersonation of Randy Jones 
(ie. , a whole mess of ground outs for Pt. 
Lorna). 

Starter Mark Sloan pitched well o\ler 
four and a third innings, but a bout 
with the flu limited his effectiveness. He 
struck out three but walked five, and 
pitched himself into troubl in the 
fo urth and fifth innings. After throwing 
numerous pitches and walking the sacks 
full in the fourth , coach Yates yanked 

Derek Allwnis (above) and Bob Natal combined Jor fi\le of the eight Triton RBis. 

Klaudio Biazevich had a busy day at shortstop, earning praise ]rom his coach, Lyle Yates (below). 

Sloan after he walked the first batter in 
the fifth, even though the Tritons were 
up by six runs. "Mark just wasn't real 
sharp and I knew he was tired from the 
flu . I thought it was a good idea not to 
take any chances. We would have liked 
to let him go a few more innings, but 
we didn't wam [0 let Pt. Lorna back in 
the game at all ," Yates said. 

The offense had a field day. The 
dynamiC duo of Bob Natal and Derek 
Alkonis combined for five of the eight 
Triton rbi's and table-setters David 
Stanovich and David Mendoza each had 
twO hits . Alkonis went two for three 
wi th a run-scoring double in the first 
that pro\led to be the game-winner. The 
Tritons iced it in the third with four 
runs, three of them com ing on Bob 
Natal's first homerun of the year. 

Coach Yates was mildly impressed. "I 
thi nk we 're capable of that kind of 
output at anytime. Pt. Lorna's 'pitching 
isn't very good , so I kind of expected 
that. I think we'll be able to do that 
often ," Yates said . 

The coach also had accolades for the 
defensive effort of hi s club, in particular 
shortstop Klaudio Biazevich. "Klaudio 
was our regular shortstop all of last 
season, and I feel this was his best 
defensive game since he's been with us," 
sa id Yates. In all , Blazevich had seven 
assists and one put-out, a busy day for 
any shortstop. Are you sure Randy Jones 
wasn't on the mound? 

Yates, however, was looking forward 
to this past weekend when UCSD 
traveled to Ri\lerside to play the highly 
regarded Division II sc hool there. Like 
college basketball, this was a chance for 
David to beat Goliath. Kind of like 
Chaminade vs. anybody in the RalObow 
claSSIC. Yates' expectations were high . 
but nOt tOO high. "They're a superior 
program. They won the Division II 
regional title a few years back. rd love to 
come OUt of there with a spit· , but our 
malO goal is co be in a position to win 
bOth-co be cOmpCIHl\le In each game. 
ThiS IS a no-lose situation for us 

because nOt one other Division III 
school in our region will play Riverside. 
If we can play well, we'll make people in 
Division Ul take notice, and possibly 
'!am a berth in the NCAA coumey off 
:his performance ," Yates said. 

Although Yates hoped for the best 
against Riverside, it's the upcoming 
homegame versus Redlands that he's 
really couming on for the Tritons to play 
well. "We need early notice, and 
Redlands is our first game against a 
Division III sc hool," Yates said. "We 
can't beat them 1-0. We really have to 
beat them well to make a good 
impression ." Originally scheduled as a 
double-header, eligiblity problems have 
forced Redlands to cancel one of the 
games. Redlands and the Tritons will 
square ofT for the fi rst big game of the 
year at Olsen field on Tuesday at 2 
pm . ~ 

Lyle Yates is pleased with the early-
season performance of hi baseball team , 
which Jaces Redlands Tuesday in its 
lJi\li ion 1/1 opener. 

Men's v-ball is 

Getting closer 
By AUCIA AGOS 

FOR THE UCSD men's volleyball team, it wasn't the same old story. True, Friday's match ended in a 
loss to the ever-dominant San Diego 
State, and true, the loss was fairly 
predictable. However, the way in which 
the Tritons played was pretty . 
unpredictable. They could've won the 
match (which went four of five games, 
9-15, 15-8,5-15, and 11-15). But, as 
coach Digger Graybill has been saying of 
late, "Our team is getting to the point 
where in the future we can deal with 
excellent teams like SDSU and push 
ourselves over the edge and win the 
ma_reh." 

In the beginnipg of the evening, 
things looked good for UCSD. An 
above-average (number-wise), 
enthusiastic crowd was on hand, and 
the Tritons were on their game, playing 
well. Things looked even bener when 
San Diego Sate proceeded to hecome 
very helpless at the service line. 
However, the most UCSD could do was 
to push the game to a 9-15 finish, and a 
loss. This seems to be the Tritons' main 
problem. They get close, but never close 
enought to bump off the powerhouse 
teams. And State is definitely a 
powerhouse. The Aztecs were recently 
cut from the athletic program 

(something a few UCSD inter-collegiate 
teams can relate to), and are now an 
official Division I, non-scholarship team. 
They still, however, are used to winning, 
and they seemed none too pleased at 

Dayc Halgren is back in Triton action 
after spending a year in Germany. 

Senlon, J~nlors,. and Sophomores 

Would you like the secrets to Graduate/Professional School 
Admissions revealed? 

If so, why not attend the Graduate/Professional School 
Admissions Workshop on Wednesday, February 20, 1985,3:00 pm 
to 4:30 pm, Third College Dean's Office. 

By all means, don't keep the Workshop a secret! Tell your friends, 
et al. Tentative Guest Speakers from UCSD School of Medicine 
Admissions Office, UCLA School of Law Admissions Office, UCLA 
School of Business Admissions Office and UCSD Office of Graduate 
Studies & Research. 

Sponsored by: Student Affirmative Action Committee/Career Services, AISC, 
APSA, BSU, MEChA and WRC. 

For further infamation, please call ><2573/6708. 

Everything you need to collect 

MAKVf~L 
COlDics' 

at: The 
Comic Gallery 

1----------------, ~~.~I'niio! ~n'O: One FREE Marvel Comic : 
-.:I~ I (value of $1) with any I 

: $5_00 purchase : 
I of new MalVel Comics. I 
L _ -Offer expires February 11 , 1985. _ J 

4224 Balboa Ave., San Diego, CA 92117 
(comer of Balboa & Clairemont Dr.) 

-Next to Food Basket-
(619) 483-4853 

the one-stop collectors' shop. 

letting UCSD come as close to winning 
as they did. 

The Tritons' game was strengthened a 
great deal by captain John Henderson 
and power attacker Dave Halgren. Both 
are smart players on the COUrt and bOth 
were very effective at the net, hitting 
and blocking in State's face . Mike 
Hagerty, an impressive looking 
freshman, was the proud supplier of 
some key (and to the Aztecs, 
frightening) hits for UCSD. Eric Hallman 
played a strong role in the setter's 
position. As nutty and funny as he 
is off the court, Hallman plays an 
intense game of volleyball. When he was 
in the rotation , UCSD's game was on. 
Hallman noted that the team played 
"very well. Again , we're pleased but not 
satisfied." 

Henderson (who was billed by 
announcer Kevin Bateman as "#5 on 
your roster and # 1 in your heans") was 
pleased after the match that "we played 
very well as a team, together. We were 
in there the whole time fighting to win. 
We have a few wrinkles to iron out but 
I'll teU you thiS, against Loyola next 
Tuesday, I guarantee a UCSD win." 

Friday's match, billed as the big 
cross-town rival match-up, drew a 
surprisingly large and unquestionably 
boisterous crowd. Graybill is sticking to 
his crowd-getter promos of break 
dancers, raffles and serving contests. 
Though it may draw people to the 
games, these activities at an inter-
collegiate event don't exact!)! bring NCAA 
credibility. But, it's tough to knock 
Graybill for trying to build some sort of 
following for his program, whether that 
program be first class or otherwise. 

A nice and interesting part of this 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by reglst8fed. p<OIeuIonal electrologists 

MENaWOMEN ~ 
~e Tr.a'",enl 
Air DeMnlIllzIng 
• MedIcal Approv.cl 
• California LJc.nMd 
• Tax Deductible 
ME CONSULTAnON 

LA JOLLA 
1.t6ot-1242/ 

1950 Villa La Jolla 
Dr ..... 

IW.IOAPMK 
1519-9050 I 

216O-61n AYe. 

Monday, Feb. 11, 1985 15 

Mike Hagerty fell to his knees in the face 
of the Aztec offense. 

new program is Kevin Bateman-the 
Chick Hearn of Triton Pavilion. 
Bateman's audible wit costs, although he 
admits to getting paid "little or nothing. 
Mostly, this is for fun." But, the time 
must be worth the money, or the fun , 
because Bateman calls his new job "the 
funniest thing I've ever done in my 
whole entire life besides the ice cream 
party I had when I was eight. I'D do 
anything I can to help this team because_ 
I'm just a volleyball player at heart." ~ 

jC@ull/ 
FINE ARTIST SUPPLIES 

AU Paper Pads! 
Rembrandt 

Oil. Water Colors J 
Cosmos Brushes! 

464S Can Strect· Pacific: Bcac:h 
·Acro .. Fro. T .. c ......... , Office · 

0IK" M- f 9 - 6 170-13OJ s..unlar 10 - ) 

MAKING DlelSlONS IASIIR 
Family Planning Associa1es Medical Group's professional concerned 
slaff can gille you the su~port you need when making decisions 
about your personal heal care needs. Call today for an immediate 
appoinlment. 

- . FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

lID fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 



16 Monday. Feb. 11. 1985 

Rec. Dept. wants input 

They need 
to know 

For the past few months. you have 
been reading anicles about the Office of 
Campus Recreation's class program. You 
have been introduced to inexpensive 
aerobic sessions, one-day trips to Julian 
and North County wineries, calligraphy 
workshops and a wide variety of other 
fun and fimess oriented activities 
available to UCSD students. If your 
memory needs 10 be refreshed, JUSt tum 
to pages six and seve n of the 
Canyonview newsletter. Here you will 
discover "A Class Act," the official listi ng 
of all 50+ recreation exercise and 
activity sessions and workshops and 
Day At's . Although this listing is 
extensive, it is not yet complete. It lacks 
input from you, the student. Campus 

recreation wants you for twO reasons. 
Fi rst, we need you to tell us what 

classes are nOI offered that you would 
like 10 take. We are always searching for 
new and unique ideas (remember 
underwater basketweaving?). 

econd. we are always interested in 
talking to students who might like to 
teach a class. Perhaps you have a 
special hobby (Chmese cooking, making 
model boats, paint ing) that you would 
like to share with others. If so, Campus 
Recreation is here to assist you. 

It is our goal at Campus Recrea tion to 
have "A Class Act" re flect the current 
trends and needs of the UC San Diego 
communiry. Unfortunately, we are not 
very good at reading mi nds and our 
crystal ball is on the blink. So 
remember-your input IS important. 
Students largely support our exercise 
and activity .sessions so studel)ts should 
have input into what is offered . If you 
have any ideas, suggestions, or 
brains torms please let us know. Just 
drop a note in campus mail to: Kathy 
Odell, 5-005, or call 452-6034 . ~ 

r----------------------------------I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

SOFT CONTACT LENS SPECIAL 
SOFT LENSES 

$39 
(WIth this Coupon) 

EXTENDED WEAR 
$99 

Lenses only - protaslonal fus 
not Included , 

Tinted soft lenses available 
1 hour service available on glasses 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
OPTOMETRIC next to Sears - coli for appointment 

not 9005 with any other o~ EXPRESS 453-3615 expires 3/15/85 __________________________________ J 

WE SPEAK TECHNOLOGY 
DO YOU? 

If you're a science or engineering major, you'll want to 
be part of coday's Air Force. We're de\1e~oping lasers and 
satellites that make science fiction seem dated . Air 
Force ROTC is one way ro be part of this fast-paced 
technology. 

Air Force ROTC has 2- through 4-year scholarship 
programs which help defray orne of the college costs-
tuition, textbooks, laboratory and incidental fees. 

After graduation , you'll be an Air Force officer and will 
join. those who are lead ing us into space-age technology. 

Take a close look at Air Force ROTC how. Don' t let 
technology pass you by, Be P!lrt o[ it. 

ROTC 
- Gotewa ~l1r\voy at li fe . 

.' 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 

1985-1986 
Applications are available at the Muir Residence 
Halls Office through Tuesday, February 26· with job 
referral #OW4239 available at Student 
Employment. 

Application deadline is Friday, March 1. 
Call 452-4200 for additional information. 

.. 

BUD LIGHT 
JANUARY 

Athlete of the Month 

BILL KAZMIEIIOWlCZ 
SENIOR, MEN'S SWIMMING 

MlSSI~N VIEJO, CA 

. . 

One of the-mo&( talented athletes to ever perform for uc.....-s.n 0ieF, 
Seniol'lBill ~rowic2:J1u over 'tl\e past two yea.n~ eettlil!(\IarioUs 
Triton Swi"rt.ec~'!1S ~ as rewriting a few ~oltheNCM~!!l • 
Book. H~iJnpressive peno~ces over the past~ ha~~~fb: 
J ' ' D_-I: .. _ · A hi f th U th A.\ .,.;,t : · '< 1- .. anuary. ~,ser, t e~'D e ,ofon . ,",wa,l'" . ';' .::: ., .. I. : .;:.;.. 7 " • 

In onlY ~ hi. secorid gear:'ot intercollesia.tti ~ ~"I~~-.: Kazmier~_~ ~8IVen UCso If)divic;lual .Re£oAkfhllk~a~'''·· 
of three rkQfd'tetap~ dot NCAA DiVJSbh dft1~~ 
is the Div~'1IJ 4I(i~~ titl4&, t in h9th\the:200~= ·. . . -';;' Th~s .far~~;8!1" .~~.r ' .. .. ,~. "' '' . list of who's 
who 10 IOt~~ ,~;~, . ,. Vfe;o native has already 
qualified for the.~ In the SO, 100 and 200 freestyles 
and the 200 I~NedIeY~ fie also owns the Division nI's fastest times 
in both the SOlreestyle (21.12) and 200 freestyle. His 200 freestyle time of 
1:43.94 is two seconds faster than that of his nearest competitor. 

"Bill is a tremendou5 competitor and the positive influence of his 
character cannot be measured in terms of wins and losses", says Head 
Swim Coach Bill Morgan. "He is respected by teammates and coaches 
alike and is that leader that every successful team needs to have." 

Kazmierowicz's competition for this award came from teammate Roger 
Brisbane and Sue Semrau of the women's wsketbaU team. Brisbane has 
set the school record in both the 100 and 200 Butterfly while Semrau 
averaged 13.2 points per game as the women eagers posted a sterling 5- 2 
mark during January. 

Win! Win! Win! 

1'NO l\C~S 10 

at the Gym 
February 25 

It's SO easy! 
All you have to do Is send in a 
card with your name, address 
and phone number to Hiatus 
"Thorogood Contesr' UCSD, 
EHl16. La Jolla, Co, 92093 or 
drop It off at our office. 
Drawing will be held Feb, 19. 
Enter now. For more 
Information call 452-6580 

,......-- UCSD University Events Office presents 

Avant-garde Jazz 

February 22, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Rm. B-210 

G.A 55.00, Students 53.00 
UCSD Fac/StatI/Sr.Cit 54.00 

~1l~£TI\llN~ 
"'-~_& UCSD Box Office: 452-4S59_~ 

Monday. Feb. II . 1985 17 

University of San Diego 

~chool of Law 
University of San Diego School of Law 

will present a seminar for all persons interested 
in the study of law. 

Saturday morning 
February 23, 1985 

9:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. 
Informal buffet lunch with 

faculty and alumni 
12:00 p.m. to 1 :30 p.m. 

More Hall - USD School of Law 
Call 260-4528 for reservations by 

Friday, February 15, 1985 

For information write: 
Law School Admissions Bulletin 

University of San Diego 
Alcala' Park 

San Diego, California 92110 
or call: (619) 260-4528 

USD does not discriminate on the basis 01 race, sex, religion, age, 
national origin. ancestry or handicap in its policies or programs. 

Participation !n and Scholarships for 
Archaeological excavations 

In Jerusalem 

I 
( 

Summer 1985 

TtW '" IdaIc S1udIaI ~ announceI ~ ~ at CalIfornIa. San Diego. It t1s en eIgIbIe for~ 
In the CIty at 0CMd PIoject. CccOYattons at bIIcaI 
Jerusalem. In &MTvner 1985. Scholarships at up to S1(m 

~ the COlt of participation are CMlllabie. Students 
acceiPted In the ~ must write a pa~ at the 
concfuslon of the d . mclpants will receive eight unl1s ot 
credit at UCSD. IcatIons. brochures and further 
Information are CMlI able In HSS 3070, My student of the 
University of California. San Diego may apply. Applications 
must be received by March 1. 1985 In the otnce ot Judaic 
Studies. HSS 3070, Call 452-4551 for further Information. 



-, 

I/:~~ ~~( ~) ) 
o 0 (~( ===:I: ~~( ~) ) I I~ J 

EXTRA 
The revised ASUCSD 
ConstiUltion is fresh off the 
printing press . Pick up your 
copy now! Available at y?ur 
dean and res. dean's offl~es , 
EDNA MOM, the Cafeten~s , 

Centr~l and Cluster Libranes 
and the AS Office . 

~ 
--

Not sure wh h 
ASUCSD C at ~ e revised 

onstuution 
and how it dif£ !: means 
Pre ers IrOm the ~ sent document? Co 
lhe ~uestion and ' me to 
sess10ns T uesd answer 
Friday FbI ay, Feb. 12 -

, e . 5: (2112) 
Revelle Infonn I L 
2:30-5:30 (211a3) Nounge 
C f ' orth 

on .' Rm. 3-4 (2114) 
MultIpurpose R 
Revelle Fonn 1 Lm 1-2 (2115) 

a ounge 2-3. 

Do you have "Condom Sense?" 

. t 

join the Student Health Advocates for the Second 
ANnual Condom Sense Celebration. Celebrate National 
Condom Wee (Feb. 11-15) by seeing the humorous film 
"Condom Sense" and joining in a lively discussion on the I 
pros and cons of condom use. Friday, Feb. 15 from noon-l 
pm in the North Conference Room. Free condom with 
admission . For more info call 452-2180. 

Come to the Birdcage Review Meeting 
The Birdcage Review Winter 1985 production meeting 

is Wednesday at 6 pm in the Pub. All students interested in 
typesetting, layout, paste-up , proofreading, production or 
fund raising for the Birdcage Review are invi ted. Artists and 
photographers are welcome. Don't read it, put it out! join 
the Birdcage Review. 

Shape up your resume 
Tuesday, Feb. 12 SAM. is presenting an informal 

Resume Workship. Great for graduati ng students and 
underclassmen. TLH 109 from 5-6:30. 

Tired of those long, dark walks through the 
trees to Central Library at night? 

Call for a free CSO escort! 
Community SeIVice Officers 

are available from 5 pm to 1 am every night of 
the year. Call 452-4360. 

. 1 .OCfATED 

'''¥al rlttant ~.t'.J.1 
In,lkr Inp bdp'!! tit IllV ..... 

"a(tlttlnt. 

Discover more about your heart 
Find out the "Keys to Your (Healthy) Heart." Drop by the 

North Conference Room, for the second annual free Blood 
Pressure screening and discussion from 11-1 pm on 
Thursday. Presented by the Student Health Advocates and 
Health Education in honor of Heart Day, February 14, 
1985. 

Find out about the new Waterski Club 
UCSD's fastest growing club is skiing every Sunday at 

Mission Bay. Meetings are Monday nights at 7:30 in the 
Rec. Conference Room. Come see a great film and elect 
officers on Feb. 11. Everyone is welcome. Contact Tally 
Dezembere 455-1003. 

A speaker on the ADL 
"The ADL: What It Is and Why We Need It." Morris 

Casssuto, director of the San Diego Anti-Defamation 
League, will be speaking in the Revelle Formal Lounge on 
February 13 at 5:30 pm. Sponsored by the Israel Action 
Committee. For more information call Micah at 587 -0942. 

Do you want to study abraod??? 
Freshmen, Sophmores and juniors, are you interested in 

studying abroad? The International Club presents: 
"Information Session with Barbara Butler of Central 
College, Iowa" on Thursday, Feb. 14 from 3-4 pm at the 
Interna tional Center Lounge . For more information call 
452-3730. 

Happy Birthday Boris! 
The Monkey makes 22 

WR-
MYSTERIES 
OF THE 
ORGANISM 
also "Love Affair, The case of the 
Missing S~tchboard Operator" 

Friday, Feb. 15 at 7 pm 
Peterson 110 FREE 

Don't be a WORM 
Get involved in your school! 

Great committee openings available. 
Contact John Trumpler at 452-4450 

or in the AS Office. 

A slide show with the Sea Deucers 
There will be a meeting of the UCSD SCUBA Club (Sea 

Deucers) Wednesday, Feb. 13 at 8 pm in the Recreation 
Gym Conference Room. The Speakers will be our ownJim 
Hunter and Alan Hilton. They will present slides of local 
and not so local diving. There will also be the ever so 
famous raffle. 

"Cry Ethiopia, Cry" 
The documentary that ignited the present, welI-

publicized effon to relieve famine in Ethiopia, will be 
shown on Feb. 13, at 8 pm in the New Warren Apartment 
Commons. This program is pan of an ongoing hunger 
project being sponsored by the Warren College Residential 
Life Staff. Donations will be requested. Dr. Edward 
Reynolds, Professor of African History, will be the guest. 

$60 in your pocket 
Are you a renter? If so, you can get $60 from the 

government. Find out more about Renter's Credit at the 
CalPIRG table! Tuesday, Feb 12 at Revelle Plaza and 
Wednesday, Feb. 13 at Peterson Hall. Both days between 
11 am & 3 pm. 

Attention: All hands 
The Semi-Fonnal band selection committee is looking 

for a band for this year's semi-formal, which will be held 
May 24 at the Sheraton Harbor Island Hotel. If you have any 
suggestions or if your band is interested in playing, please 
call Marianne at 450-9635 (eves.) 

Cold on those winter nights? 
Wann up with All You Can Eat split peas soup and garlic 

bread at the Che Cafe on Wednesday, February 13 from 5-
7 pm. Only $3.00. With live jazz entertainment. While 
there come see the new art displays. 

UCSD's ' Newest Tradition! 

at ASSORTED VINYL 
EvelY Friday from 4-5 pm. 

10°1& off selected albums and accessories! 
A nuclear power discussion here 

Student Pugwash at UCSD will sponsor a discussion 
concerning nuclear power and the Karen Silkwood trial. A 
taped presentation of a Cleveland Speaker's Bureau session 
featuring the Silkwood Foundation's attorney will be 
followed by a general discussion: Monday, Feb. 11,5:30 pm 
in the Revelle Informal Lounge. For more information call 
Aspen Aman at 272-8815. 

The Food Coop wants you 
For only two hours a week of your time you can earn a 

25% discount on all food plus 25¢ an hour food credit. 
,How? Be a volunteer at the Food Coop. We're looking for 
new faces to help us out. Infonnation meeting today, 
Monday, at 10 am and Wednesday, Feb. 20 at 2 pm in 
the North Conference Room or just stop by the Food Coop. 

Society of Women Engineers 
The Society of Women Engineers presents "The 

Olympic Legacy" on Wednesday, Feb. 13 at 5:30 pm in 
Urey Hall 2102. Ms. Leslie Crawford, an engineer from 
Pacific Bell will give a presentation on the Fiber Optics 
communications system set up by Pacific Bell for the 1984 
Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. Refreshments will be 
served and everyone is welcome to attend. 

UCSD Men's Lacrosse Team 
vs. 

Claremont 
Sunday, Feb. 17 at 1 pm on Third Field 

Come by and catch the action! 

A speaker on preventing birth defects 
Health Issues and Professions Organization (HlPO) will 

be having a meeting with a guest speaker from the 
California Teratogen Registry. The topic is "Preventable 
Birth Defects" and it will be held Wednesday, Feb. 13 from 
6-8 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge. Old and new 
members welcome! 

Registration Fee Committee 
Find out how your Registration Fees are being used and 

what you can do about it. Informative meeting on 
Wednesday, Feb. 13 in the Muir Apt. Lounge at 1 pm. 



Classified acNertJslng space Is sold In 
'OO-character Increments. Each 
Ieaer, pwK1UatIon mark and space 
bet'IoWen wards Is CDnIIdered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two characters. The .... 
Is $I per '00 characters for studena 
and 53 per '00 characters for non-
S1Udents. You must come by the o,"ce 
or mall In )lOur ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-0'6, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

Ayn Rand Readers and srudents of 
Ot?jectMsm meeting every Sunday, 11 
am-2 pm. Home Savings of America, 4311 
La Jolla Village Drive, l..JrlNersl1¥ T~ 

C~tre. (3/14) 

Daughters of lesbian or straight divorced 
and remarried mothers needed tor 
research study. Please call Julie Schwartz 
459-2100. (2/141 

Violin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. 16/61 

The Food Coop wants your help. Earn 
25% discount on food plus 50¢ credit for 
working 2 hours a week. Info meetings 
Mon. Feb. I1.10am& Wed. Feb. 20, 2pm 
N. Conf. Room or stop by the Food 
Coop. (2/111 

Revelle, math & science? Come to 
Revelle Talent Show Thurs. Feb. 13, 8:30 
cafeteria. See where the talent is. 12/11) 

Earn a Free Ski Trip & SIOO.oo cash. For 
information call 714-750-0861. 13/14} 

Ski Jackson Hole, \X..ym. Mar. 23-30 with 
UCSD, $C, sa, R & Stanford. S287 & RISC 
memb. inc. transp., condos, 5-days of 
lifts, lots of vertical skiing, and tons of 
fun. Tickets on sale now at the Box 
Office. Info x4037. 12/1I} 

Any kind of job. I speak English, French, 
Spanish. Call me. Didier 282-4455. (2/1I) 

"So you want to be a Muir HA. T Apps 
available. Pick up job referral OW4329 
at Stu Employment. Call 452-4200. 
(2/251 

Do something special for a friend on 
Valentine's Day. MOM is selling 
carnations for SI. Don't be left out. Order 
before Feb. 14. We deliver on Muir 
campus. (2/1I) 

Subjects needed for brainwave 
e~ri~t at the Salk Instirute. Males, 
age 18-35, who are sons of alcoholic 
fathers. Earn SIO to complete a 
questionnaire, then S5/hr if eligible to 
partidpate in experiment Phone Alan at 
453-4100 Ext. 422, Mon-Fri between 10 
am & 2 pm tor further into. 12/14} 
Muir HA. apps available through Tues., 
2/26. Pick upjob referral #OW4239 at 
Student Employment. 12/25} 

Serenade your sweetheart with a 
Valentine's Day Singing Telegram by 
ASIOI Only 51-521 On sale at Revelle 
Plaza dally, 11-2. (2/II) 

~111118~alll 
Televideo TPC I portable computer. 
W /CPM 2.2, graphics, word proc. 
package. All for S1095. 278-2682. 12/II} 

Smart Terminal: Esprit 6310, S559. 100% 
Hayes compat. 1200 baud modem w/ 
cable, $440. In stock I These items 
together can communicate with 
UCSOCc. Sole Source Systems 278-
2682. 12/111 

Platform bed SIOO, weights SIS, peacock 
chair S35, men's down ski parkas S35 
each, blender SIO. 455-9509. (2/111 

Apple IIeextended80col.128kcardonly 
5200 brand new. Other Apple /IBM 
cards available under wholesale prices. 
Alain 587-0534 eves. (2/") 

1980 Ford Courier, 66,000 mis, shell. 
xtra gas tank, carpet new radials, 
shocks. S2700. 566-6667 eves. (2/14) 

7frVW Dasher, good condition, 4 
doors. S1500 or best. 452-5875. (2/11) 

75 Honda XL250 Reg. thru 10/85, very 
clean, great engine. Nevv brakes, good 
tires. $475 obo. 457-3448. (2/11) 

1977 Fiat Mirafiori 131S. NevIl engine. 
Runs and looks greatl Must Iec1\le tor Italy 
so must sell. Asking S1700 or best offer. 
Please call 457-5035, leave message. 
12/141 

14K RING w/small diamond. Perfect for 
Valentine's giftl S45/negotiable. Call 
Valerie, 286-9825. (2/14) 

kiiOllllll1 
A",1A TEUR MODELS NEEDED FOR 
MODELING SHOW IN PRODUCTION. 
Send photos and complete info to: 5666 
La Jolla Blvd., Suite 128, La Jolla, CA 
92037. 12/141 

camp counselors needed to work this 
summer with coeds ages lerl7 in 
aquatic-oriented day camp. Experience 
\N'Orking with children & profiCiency in 
sailing, surfing, water skiing, wind 
surfing, canoe or kayaking preferred. 
Apply at Mission Bay Aquatic Center, 
1001 Santa Clara Point. 488-1036. (2/14) 

Administrative assistant position 
available for Aquatic Youth Sports Camp. 
Part-time now, full-time summer. 
Excellent clerical & communication skills 
required. Apply at Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center, 1001 Santa Clara Point. 488-
1036. 12/14) 

Campus Travel Service Rep Part Time-
Write Trading Spaces, 1611 Verdugo, La 
Canada, CA 91011 . (2/111 

Pet-sitter wanted. Part-time . 
Requirements: Must love animals, be 
dependable, have a flexible schedule 
and experience with small pets. In Price 
Club area. Call Uncia at 272-8512 (eve. 
5:30-9:(0). (2/11) 

Wanted: Christian guitarist/singer or 
bassist to complete band. Call John 453-
6622 or Larry 452-5994. Let's talk. (2/II) 

Part time sales-Excellent opportuni1¥ 
for self motivated college students 
desiring to break into advertising sales. 
Custom Advertising Spedalties. 695-
8869. (2/14) 

MiiM38J11111 
Roommate wanted to share large room 
in condo on ~ in PS. Jacuzzi-sauna-
ocean vievv. S235/mo. 483-3848. (2/14) 

On beach, fireplace, bathrub, share 
room, house in Del Mar, fern. 1/5 utll. 
259-8835. (2/11) 

Roommate wanted to share fabulous, 
new condo. Private bedroom and bath, 
and less than one mile from UCSD. 
Clean, quiet non-smoker preferred. S350 
& 1/2 utilities. 455-9526, or 277-0327 
eves. (2/14) 

Female rmte wanted. Own rm. Share 
luxury condo w/3 in Solana Beach. 
Microwave, 2 temis courts, 2 jacuz, 2 
pools, sauna, on beach. S275, 1st and 
last, SI00 dep. avail. Feb. 28. N0n-
smoker please. 481-3290. (2/14) 

2 non-smoking tern. roommates wanted 
to share new 2 br /2 bath La Jolla Colony 
Condo w/2 others. S225/mo. & 1/4 uti!. 
each. Call Shannon 442-8598. (2/II) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all 
your typing heeds call Barbara at 454-
7624. Rushjobs accepted. (2/14) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Ardy 
Laurence 279-8056. (3/14) 

Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush jobs 
special1¥/Flexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842. (3/14) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING: many 
type styles to choose from, spelling and 
puncruation errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery, quali1¥ work, FASTIII 
S2/page Idouble spaced). Call 
Interactive Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
13/II} 

Computerized \NOrd processing. Term 
papers, theses, reports, resumes. Fast & 
accurate. 481-0268. 12/14) 

EXPERT n'PING, Word Processing & 
Tape Transcription. Reasonable rates. 
The Key Word, 459-5818. (3/14) 

Attractive blonde masseus \N'Orklng her 
way through COllege. No job too small. 
Satistaction guaranteed. Call after 10:00. 
Ask for Tracy 45H959. 1-8. (2/11) 

INSURANCE WARI We'" beat iIty pric~ 
or \/tie don't want your business. Tickets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/student discounts: aU welcome. 
eaR 286-1135. Request UCSD PlAN. 
13/14) 

Say "I love }<>u'· In a Va~ne's Day 
signing Telegram by ASIOI Ontl SI-52. 
On sale in R~"e Plaza, 11-2 dally. (2/") 

Make your Valentine's dayt Buy hlm/her 
a Valentine's Balloonll On sale Feb. 14 on 
the Plaza-Don·t miss outl (2/11) 

Sockhopl Feb. 15 Fri. 8-12 p.m. Warren 
Apts. Commons. Dance to 50's music. 
costume and dance contests. Great 
prizes. (2/11) 

Hi Sweetiel Well, after only 3 years I 
finally made it down to the Guardian. I 
folie you so much cutlel I am a very lucky 
person. Thanks for all the love. /Old. (2/1f) 

The only holidays that are il11>rtant are 
those we make holy, so that's why I'm 
saying Shechectlianu today. . . Val's 
Day's just another occasion tor me to 
express to you just how much I actor:e 
you and treasure us ... Sweet dreams, I 
IoJe }<>u, A (2/11) 

Jason's ship, whoeYer you are-Fool, 
why don·t you take your ship and sail far, 
tar away, and no more "'ship to shore·· 
correspondence. K.J.V. (2/11) 

found please call Unda at 458-9240. 
(2/21) 

lDst Heavy man·s brass/gold ring (black 
H In script) and ladies triple gold ring in 
Revelle Ladles Room. Please retum. 
Great sentimental value, especially initial 
ring. 45erl540. Revvard. (2/") 

Found: Skateboard-call, identify. Keep 
trying. 455-6579. (2/11) 

Found: one gold bracelet CaU 453-
7992. (2/11) 

Lost-Gold & pearl pendant on chain. 
Great sentimental value. Rewardl Ph. 
Kriss 753-2539 eves. (2/11) 

LOST: Black "Tourmaster" motorcycle 
gfolle on Tuesday (2/5). Please call 452-
6580, Chris Canale. (2/11) 

LDst: To the person who fbund ~ trI-
color bracelet, please call me at \YOrk 
452-2180 and lea\e a number wher~ I 
can reach }<>u. (2/18) 

LDst blue and sliver Converse sports bag 
wtth basketbaH shoes. If found, please 
call Herb 587-0733. (2/14) 

Found: Key to VW. To claim, call 452-
3466. (2/14) 


