
\ 
\ 

IL~-i 11\' Beer today, 
v one tomorrovv 



2 Tuesday, Feb 19, 1985 

Thirteen years ago a group of Muir 
College faculty members and students 
felt that their understanding and 
appreciation of the wilde mess was 
important enough to warrant an 
interdisciplinary study of the subject. 
Their original effon emphasized a 
concem for the welfare of people and 
the environment, and approached this 
concem from a broad range of 
perspectives. 

From the start. the "Wilderness" class 
has embraced many fields , including 
literature. history. biology. visual a11S. 
music. anthropology. medicine and 
others. Guest lecturers prominent in 
their fields have contributed their 
special inSights to an overall program 
that benefits from the interrelation of all 
o f these distinct perspectives. 

The Wilderness class is divided into 
sections that discuss a specific lOpic 
intensively lO complement the rather 
e xtensive approach of the lec ture series. 
In this way a student in the course is 
exposed to an overview of many 
different facets of the wilderness . but is 
proVided a way to pursue a panicular 
interest in depth Section mles have 
included: "Local Ecosystems," 'The 
Wildemess of Human ature : "Listen to 
the Indians." ' Writings of John Muir" 
and "Scuba Diving and Rockclimbing." 
All of the sections take field trips and 
camping trips that contribute to an 
understanding of the wildemess 
experience and also ensure some fun 
and "wild times" together. As a Grand 
Finale , the entire class spends a week 
backpacking immediately following final 
exams. 

Over the years the Wilderness class 
has undergone an environmental 
evolution of its own. From its original 
title , ·Wilderness and Contemporary 
Man," the class name has matured to 
"Wildemess and Human Values." 
Enrollment increased annually lO a peak 
in the late 70s and early '80s, when the 
environmentalists in America were most 
outspoken and popular concerns for the 
survival of wildemess were most 
Immediate . 

The course is offeri ng a vanety of 
section topiCS this spring. John Wylie 
will discuss how sciences affect people's 
understanding of the wildemess. Mark 
Fordham's section on Glen Canyon will 
include discussion of the building of a 
huge dam there . Linda Causey and Don 
Stark will terrify you with stories about 

environments made unsafe for living. 
Jeanette Welch will show how art, 
literature and music affect , and are 
affected by, the wilderness. Debbie 
DeMont's section will focus on John 
Muir's ideas and experiences. Bill 
Travers will compare different and often 
conflicting views of the wilderness. 

There is a mandatory introduction 
and orientation for more information 
about the Wilderness and Human 
Values class this Saturday at 7 pm in 
Peterson 1 !D. 

o 
Dr. Gertrude Scharii' Goldhaber, a 

senior physicist at Brookhaven National 
laboratory, will deliver two public 
lectures and a seminar at UCSD 
February 20-22. 

Goldhaber comes to UCSD as pan of 
the Phi Beta Kappa ViSiting Scholar 
Program. She will also visit classes and 
meet informally with undergraduates. 

Goldhaber has lectured widely in 
We~tern Europe , Canada and japan as 
well as at numerous universities 
throughout the United States. 

She has been a senior phYSicist at 
Brookhaven since 1962, an adjunct 
professor atJoh ns Hopkins University 
since 1982, and a consultant to the Los 
Alamos National Laboratory since 1953 . 

Goldhaber is a member of the 
National Academy of Sciences and has 
recently served on the Repon Review 
Committee, the Academic Forum 
Advisory Committee. and the Committee 
on Education and Employment of 
Women in Science and Engineering. 

She has also been a scientific advisor 
to the Arms Control and Disarmament 
Agency and a member of the 
nominating committee for the 
Presidential Medal of Science . She 
cu rrently serves on the Educational 
Advisory Committee of the New York 
Academy of Sciences. 

Her lecture schedule is as follows: 
February 20: "Learning From the Lives 
of Women Scientists ," 8 pm, PH 108. 
February 21 : "Maria G. Mayer Memorial 
Lecture in Physics: "Band Structure and 

uclear Dynamics: 4 pm. USB 2622. 
February 22: "What is the Best Strategy 
for Educating Our Children?" 3 pm, HSS 
mo. 

o 
Energy consultant Dr. Amory B. 

Lovins, an advocate of alternative energy ' 
sources and energy strategies. will speak 

~---------~----------~ , ~ t'..ifLl. - , 
1Lj (II .1 .. l- i-<- I-

. ..IA .;,. 'I[ t-
.,. 

1 • L L I ~ "1 ~ ff r- H - ., ~"'" .1 ~r .. P"1W111 II 1..4 -~ 1'1 ~ L"j 'IJ 1fL"j 1'1 f I II \I IJII , L..1 11 ... Ifl' J'I ~ II • ,. 
fl. ,/.. J"l. 

-
I'" fI rt. 

Cover: The party isn't over just yet, but if the 
recommendations of the Committee on Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse go through , someone could be 
turning out the lights real soon, as inJuly. Read about 
the possible campus prohibition and the arguments 
for and against it in the cover story on page 3. 
News: This week is a busy one for those who deal with 
campus politiCS, with a referendum today and tomorrow and 
petition drives just starring. See "cross section." 
Opinions: Verse seems appropriate in the light of possible 
prohibition , "Class of 2011" wonders why humans worship 
people who live in Towers of Babel above the common rabble , 
plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: The evanglist who warns us of eternal hell fires 
once was a sex-and-drugs-and-rock 'n' roll hell-raiser in the 
'60s. Take a look at Brother Jed at his finest. 
Sports: Woody Blackburn survives a final-round 71 and an 
almost disastrous playoff to take the Andy Williams San 
Diego Open, and men's basketball loses a game and any 
hopes for making the playoffs at Pt. Lorna. 
Plus ... The Weekly Calendar. 

COVER GRAPHIC BY JOHN ASHLEE 

on "Low-Cost Solutions to the Camon 
Dioxide and Acid Rain Problems" at 8 
pm on Wednesday, Feb. 20, at UCSD's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Dr. Lovins' lecrure. co-sponsored by 
Scripps Institution and the UCSD 
Energy Center. will focus on the "soft 
path" energy course that includes 
conservation . reliance on renewable 
energy sources, and energy technology 
improvements. He will relate these 
energy areas to the solution of the 
environmental problems presented by 
camon dioxide buildup in the 
atmosphere and acid rain pollution. 

o 
Persons with h igh blood pressure are 

being sought by the UCSD Medical 

Center to panicipate in tests of a new 
medicine to treat hypenension. 

The medicine , a calcium channel 
blocker, works by relaxing the smooth 
muscles in the blood vessels that cause 
high blood pressure. The drug has been 
effective in an initial study, with only 
mild side effects in a few people. and 
the new study will find if lower doses 
are as effective. 

Volunteers should be over 21. 
Panicipants will rece ive free care for 
their high blood pressure for two years, 
and some will be paid for taking pan in 
speCial studies. 

For information call Dr. Keith Wilner 
at the UCSD Medical Center. 294-3716. 

-Sean Wagstaff 
o r~ectio~--------------------------------------------------~ C9) 

e A busy week for rulemakers 
campus. This week promises some interesting legislative topics 

a[ UCSD. The AS is pUlling its new, three-years-i n-the-
making consti tutio n to the democratic test in the 
Tuesday a nd Wednesday referendum , the California 
PublI c Inte resl Research Group (CaIPIRG) IS petitiOnIng 
to keep its name o n the fee portIOn of registration forms, 
something the administration intends to change , but 
which Kim Paulus o f CalPIRG claims IS vItal to keeping 
the UCSD branch of the orga nization alive; and students 
a re meeting the proposed alcohol and substance abuse 
reform policy With an assortment of rea sonings, fliers 
and petItIons that s hould cause the administratio n to 
take a long. hard look at the recommendatI o ns that were 
made without consultation from the people In whose 
"best interest" [hey were made 

In the fall of 1984, CalPIRG went to the AS requesting 
its suppOrt in convincing the administration to keep the 
exis llng CalPIRG funding arrangement, which IS to have 
the $3 fee added to reglstrauon fees with a box on the 
registnltion form that students can check If they wish to 
not pay. The AS told CalPIRG that the research group 
would have to face the admInismltlon .tlone. 

Vice Chancellor of Unde rgraduate Affair Joseph 
Watson 's committee on alcohol and psyc hoactive 
substd nce use has opened a can of worms that are nOt 
goi ng to Stop squirming untiljuly at the earliest . That is 
when fin..ll policy decisions are to be made. 

If the committee's recommendations for future control 
of the alcohol problem on campus become policy, 
student activi ties will be dmstically affected . TGs, the FaU 
Festival un the Green , the Sun God Festi val and other 
outdoor activities will have to turn to soft drink 
manufacturers for beverages and sponsorsh ip. These 
events stand to lose a great deal of their popularity. 

The new AS constllution , writte n as a tOtal 
replacement for the existing one, IS the target of the 
referendum this Tuesday and Wednesday. 11 proVides 
the baSIS for what could amount to a profound 
organization of a n otherwise ambiguously structured 
sludent govemment. 

UCSD traditionally has a homble turnout for 
elections. and the big issue this time around is whether 
or not a 20% quorum of voters will show up to approve 
the document. If not, the AS may bypass student 
participation and vote the new set of rules IntO law. 

Voung booths will be distributed lIberally around the 

Now the administration has declared that the CalPIRG 
fee will be changed to d "donation" box on the 
regi smltlon form because it feels students do not 
necessarily underst,md that the fee IS voluntary. This 
change is one Paulus feels would be disastrous to the 
UCSD bnmch of [he organization. 

Apparently, the feeling on both Sides IS that students 
d o n't read the registrdtion cards, but simply pay the 
··bottOm line price" on the form . The administration 
contends that students arc therefore paying a 
!> upposedly voluntary fee Without knOWing <lbOUI it, 
while Paulus contends. Citing a student referendum of a 
couple ye,lrs ago which showed student support 01 the 
fee , that If students knew about the fee , they'd pay it . 

According to Paulus. the administration has refused to 
leave the CalPIRG fee as is. even if another student 
referendum suppOrtS it. CalPIRG IS mounting a petition 
drIve this week, hoping to get 6 .000 s ignatures urging 
the adminlStrdtion to change its position . 

Dr. Bert Kobayashi , chairman of the Recreatio n 
Department, Said the dep,lI1mentwould lose in cxcessof 
$20,000 annua lly in beer company spons rshlp. 

Students arc Citing the exis ting lack of social 
atmosp here on or near the campus. and some are call ing 
the proposed polICies the last straw. 

The recommended policle~ would effectively end on-
campus p,ll1ies featuring alcohol. 

At the TGIF last Friday, ni ers and petitions were 
ci r ulated urging tudents to take a stand against the 
policy and asking administrators to realize that the 
proposals are nOt an acceptable solution 10 the "d rinking 
problem" un cam pus. 

( For more on the dnnking policy proposal , sec the 
cover Story on page 3). 

- Sean Wagstaff 

Tuesday, Feb 19, 1985 3 
NE~ 
.~, ....... ~ 

. . 
' . , . . «< ,...~ .. :,.: •• ~ 

Say it isn 't so,] oe ... 

Committee cracks down on drinking 
By LILYS McCOY &: cATHY TANZER 

STUDENT, FACULTY and admin-istrators have expressed concern over the problem of alcohol and 
substance abuse at UCSD; howeve r, they 
disagree as to how the problem should 
be treated. 

In response to the recently publicized 
ad hoc Committee on Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse, appointed by Vice 
Chancello r of Undergraduate Mairs 
j oseph Watson, students have expressed 
disappOintment because their opinions 
were not represented at the hea rings. 
They also feel that although the problem 
demands attention , the committee's 
proposals do not adequately address the 
problem. . 

The Ja nuary 18 proposal sent to 
Watson states that the recommended 
measures are paramount to the "health 
and well being" of the student 
population at UCSD. 

The recommendations state that use 
of alcohol is to be restri cted to rooms 
and apanments; students will be subject 
to strict identification chec~s; kegs and 
all containers larger than 1.75 liters will 
be subject to confiscation; no alcohol is 
to be served at outdoor events; and no 
commerCial sponsorship by alcohol 
companies that "may be deemed to 
advocate irresponsible and illegal 
behavior [e .g., drinking by minorsJ." will 
be allowed. 

These proposals were decided upon 
by the committee with the intent of 
discouraging irresponsible drinking. 
establishing a consistent policy across 
the campus. protecting the welfare of 
students. and discouraging the problem 
of alcohol abuse . 

The administration's action toward 
implementing a new alcohol policy was 
triggered by local problems and 
nationwide concerns. According to Lt. 

John Anderson of the UCSD Police 
Depanment. four alcohol-related deaths 
occurred on campus last year. 

John Aliano, AS commissioner of 
programming, said , -CongressIOnal 
studies are now being initiated to 
investigate whether or not alcohol 
should be banned from college 
campuses nationwide." 

Mary Rose Alexander. AS vice 
preSide nt . feels sympathetiC to the goals 
of the comm ittee, but doesn 't agree with 
it s approach: "We need to address the 
fact that there is a problem as far as 
alcohol and substa nce abuse is 
concerned . However. I be li eve th is is the 
wrong way to go about it. I really don 't' 
think that imposing stricter or more 
stringent policies is going to solve the 
problem. Drugs are illegal on campus, 
and people still take drugs." Alexander 

feels that a greater em phasis on alcohol 
awareness is the most productive means 
by which to promote responsible 
drinking hab its . "(Students are) trying to 
grow and to leam what responsible 
drinking is. How are you able to do that 
if you have to cram in your room and 
hide behi nd closed doors?" she added. 

Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Joseph Watson. 

Although the committee members 
include administrators who deal closely 
with students on a dailv basis , such as 
resident deans. Counseling and 
Psychological Services staff and Special 
Services staff, the ad hoc Committee on 
Alcohol and Substance Abuse had no 
s tudent representatives. 

Said the chairman of the full 
committee. Dr. Richard Whitehill of 
Counseling and Psyc hological Services, 
"I wanted to si t down with a bunch of 
colleagues who have had a lot of 
experience in working with the issues 
and come up with our basic ideas 
before we got into a discussion in 
which really strong emotion would be 
engendered ... 

Aliano is concerned with that 
s ituation . "(It's) sad that it had to 
happen that Wily. The faculty thought 
that the students' input would be 
counterproductive," he sa id , adding that 
this was apparently the reason students 
we ren't allowed to make a responsible 
decis ion <Ilo ngside the faculty. 

Although students were not given a 
voice in the ad hoc committee. they will 
have represent,lt ion in the broad 

MeAT REVIEW SESSION 
Thursday, February 21st, APM 2113, 6-8 pm 

Overview and study strategies/ Biology review 
Thursday, February 28th, APM 2113, 6-8 pm 

Physics Review and Problem-Solving 
Thursday, March 7th, APM 2113,6-8 pm 

Chemistry Review and Problem-Solving 
Tuesday, March 12th, "'APM 2402"' , 6-8 pm 

Quantitative Analysis and Reading subtests 
FREE!! Sponsored by OASIS Underground 

committee. Four students from each 
college will serve on the board along 
with one AS Council representa tive and 
one graduate student representative . 

According to Whitehill , students will 
definitely be allowed to formally voice 
their opi nions before the faculty and 
adminis tration . "We're going to diSCUSS 
the general gUidelines at the next 
meeting and also set up a heanng 
structure so that one can have people 
give testimony. ask questions and make 
recommendations." 

The proposal. said Tommy Tucker, 
assbt<mt vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs, is JUSt that: a 
proposal , which wIll go through a lot 
more discussion before it becomes 
policy. "This is not just a policy decree 
by anybody," he said. "These are draft 
items, addreSSing what we think are 
mutually fel t campus co ncerns. and 
should be well dialogued before any 
decisions are made." 

After the proposal has been 
considered by the campuswlde 
Committee on Alcohol a nd Substance 
Abuse, it will then be reviewed by 
various college councils and the AS. 

Dr. Richard Whitehill of Counseling and 
Psychological Services. 

Eventually, the document, whic h will 
h<lve taken into account all of the 
testimonies brought fonh during 
committee hearings. will go to the 
Chancellor for final approval. 

Whitehill predicts that changes Will 
be made in the proposal , hut says he 
can only speculate as to what items 
might undergo revision . "I would assume 
that there will be changes ," he Said. "We 

clea rly have to look at some of the 
sponsorship items because we're talking 
about immense (funding), and the way 
that it's written, . .. it looks like we're 
talking about (eliminating) all 
sponsorshi p so there can't be an ad in a 
newspaper, and that has strong First 
Amendment connotations." 

Faculty and students will be required 
to abide by the regulations of the policy 
if it is approved, said committee 
member Carrie Wilson of Special 
Services. "What we're trying to do is 
make it a uniform policy where it 
doesn't say that it is OK for staff to 
drink and for faculty to drink but not 
for students to drink." 

Wilson said that a faculty designation 
committee will be appointed to 
determine those areas where alcoholic 
beverages wi ll be allowed. aside from 
private property. 

Drinking in the Pub and other sites 
under the supervision of the Alcoholic 
Beverdge Control (ABC) will continue to 
be permitted . 

Whitehill and the committee also felt 
that kegs and large quantities of alcohol 
encourage toO much drinking and thus 
lead to di srupti ve behavior. 

- It seems irresponSible for the Univer-
sity to let some student bring kegs of beer 
into a residence hall suite . cause a lot of 
noise, commotion , e tc" ... and intrude 
upon the rights of other people." 

According to one RA. who asked to 
remain anonymous. "I don 't think kegs 
should be allowed on campus, because 
I've had to break up too many panies 
that have gotten way out of control 
because there was too much alcohoL" 

Beer company sponsorship has 
already surfaced as a main concern in 
this young debate because of the 
amount of revenue that will be lost were 
it cut ofr. 

The Recreation Depanment, 
according to BeI1 Kobaydshi. campus 
recreation director, would lose about 
$22,000 per year, and the AS, said 
Alexander, would lose approximately 
$10,000 of its funds. 

Progmms which would suffer because 
of th is loss include: the Fall Festival on 
the Green, TGs, the Sun God Festival. 
the Bud Page, Athlete of the Month and 
Year, the Coors Tournament, Casino 
Night and the Campus Recreation 
Calendar, Kobayashi said. 

"It's not JUSt a loss of revenue: ' he 
added, "but a loss of potential future 
growth in the programs, because we're 
not going to be sa tist1ed with a . 20-
$25 .000 income generation from these 
places. What we really want to do is get 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 

The 5th Annual 
Southern California Presbyterian 

College/Career Conference 

wit .. 
Dr. J . Christiaan Beker 

Professor of New Testament Studies 
Princeton Theological Seminary 

Marcil 8-10,1985 

Registration Fee: $42.00 
(no later Ihan February 22) 

For more informatoon call : 
United Camp •• Miaietry 

Office of Religious Affairs, 8·009 
452-2521 

"AGENDA 
FOR BIBUCAL PEOPLE" 



4 rUt' ,day. F~b . 19. 1985 

An Ode to Prohibition 
The jollowlIlg poem borrows /loth ./01111 alld I'oice from the Book of ongs. 
Fr.tills the studenr that thrive:> In solitude, 
Pushing her roots into the slope of the Ire,1t Administration. 
I dedicate new 10y,llty to my ale . 
I am i\'Y clinging to the \\ all. 
There is time for ivy to grow, 
And a time for a refreshing dnnk. 
\' au may be taken away far beyond the shore. 

1)' ale, thinking of you h,ls made me so young. 
\Vh)' is your disappearance forthcoming) 
My ale, if you would keep your high esteem, 
How virtuous would be thiS humble comrade of your . 

At the beginning of winter it cold chtll falls. 
Oh, bitterly cold the north wind blows, 
As studies increase the nights eem longer. 
I raise my head and hear of a committee. 
A stranger comes rrom ,1 high office , 
Bringing me a secret, sealed scroll. 

I fear rOll will kno\\' soon . 
Administration. 
I drive 111)' ale th rough parched throat. 
From afar I see empty kegs below the Argo W.1I1. 
The morose tudenrs are sighing, sighing. 
Technocr,l[s and Bureaucrats line the broad plaza . 
Under the Earth lies happltless w hich died long ago. 
Dark, dark arc the nights or structured academia. 
Far, far below their heaps of Plans. 
For a millentum they stagnate in unchanging ideology. 

either freshman nor sen ior can escape th is attitu Ie, 
eeking the all' hy which we become bal<lncecl individuals. 

They rrave hidden , there is no speech with them. 
For (hose with public convictions we should have respect. 
1 go from the Guardian gate and look before me, 
And I can see only soft drinks and juices. 
The old Pub is a putrid laboratory. 
The sophomores and jun iors are scorned for thei r leisure. 
I n the wh ite libraries the students are shaki ng. 
Their interminable restriction fills me with sadness. 
I want to see all Prohibitions destroyed. 
I search for ale , but there is none to be round. 

The first words read : "In light of (he increasing." 
The last words are: 'To prohibit alcohol by ceasing." 
O h, with what anger my heart is burn ing, -MJC 

n~fdt~1f~n<eilit<elr~ll<eilit~lr~ll®ilit®lr~n~ttfr~lr~n®(tit~Ir~n®~fr®lr~n~frttcelr~n~llit~lr~n~ilit<e1f~ll<e{tft(!lr~nce 
ttcelr$lettersll<eilit<elr~ll<efdtcelr~ll~~tt~lr~n<efrfr~lr~n®frfr®rr~ll®\t\t®Ir~n~frtt<err~ll<ellitcerr~n<eilit<e1f~n<efrfr~ 

lf~n<efctt~1f~llceilit~lf~ll<etttt~lr~ll®lttt®fi~ll~\tLC~IT'~n®iltt~rr~ll®ilitcelr~n®{tftcelr~n<eilit<eIr~ll<e{tftceIr$n<eili.l'<elr 
Liability 
Editor: 

The ThIrd College Council IS in favor 
of the revised Constltution with the 
change in SeCtlon C, I a. that adds that 
Senators must Jct Within the gUldehnes 
of their respective college's by-laws. We 
feel thIS ch<lnge keeps the college with 
some control over who will represent 
them in the AS. Overall , the changes In 
the AS Constltution makes the AS a 
stronger and more efficie nt body that 
will best serve the needs of the students. 
We st rongly urge everyone to go out and 
vOte in support of the AS Constitution. 

Mrs. Hillie 
Editor: 

Third College Council 

Three cheers to the Guardlall edItorial 
staff and to Mrs . Kirsti Hillie. As for the 
"concerned student" steppi ng forth. 
forget It. Rudeness. pomposity, bigotry, 
arrogance , ignorance and blatant cruelty 
a re never easily clai med. 

Good work! 
Gail Levin 

Totalitarianism 
Editor: 

After having read about a possible 
prohibition on campus in the Guardian 
(Feb. 11 ), I felt gmteful that I am 
graduating this spring. It seems as 

though the ddministrauon has decided 
ye t again to assume the role of 
babYSi tter of our student population. 
The powers thJt be want to take our 
booze away. Admittedly, Institutionalized 
drug use IS not one of the most 
outslandlng achIevements of our sociery. 
but It docs serve a neces ary function : 
it's J soctallubncant. 

Let's 1,lce It, UCSD IS not anywhere 
near Fun City, California. In fac l It 
borders on SOCially dead. The four 
college system does its best to create a 
Ira tured , apa thetiC student body. There 
.Ire lew events on campus that have 
mass socl<ll appeal which don't have 
beer as an Integml Pdf(. Even free events 
suffer from poor turnout , if they don't 
offer beer. So why does It seem to the 
<ld hoc cOl mntttee that the remov,11 of 
the last successful school organized 
SOCIal event IS such a good idea? Have 
they considered the fact that few people 
Will attend a non-alcoholic event' There 
was a dry TG on t.he eighth. How did it 
compare with the TG's with beer? 

Life <It school can be very demanulng. 
Sometimes one has to spend more 
hours than there are in a week Just to 
stay caught up. Pape rs. lab repons, and 
problem sets. nOt to mention all the 
assigned reading. utterly destroy the 
possibility 01 taking a weekend ofr. In 
short bei ng a serious student can be 
more than a full time job. Is thIS 

I 

something thaI the au hue commitlee 
considers when they contemplate 
end ing forever the last few events that 
have sUlvlved 'Illl now? Somehow, I 
doubt it. 

One 01 the things that the Revelle 
dean 01 students taught me , no, not 
taught . prcdched at me, was that 
peaceful co-exlstem:c cannot endure 
without mutual compromise. The end o f 
fogcutters, the reduction In the number 
of alcoholic events. a nd the recent 
change In school alcohol policy wasn't a 
sdtisfactoty "compromise" for the 
administmtion. Now they're thinking 
about cndIng alcohol use on campus as 
far ,IS legally pOSSIb le. So much for the 
peaceful co-eXIstence of mutual 
compromise. 

LIke I wrote before, I'm glad that I'll 
be leaving thIS spring and won 't have to 
succumb to the tot.ditarian behaVIor of 
the admln istl'luion any more. 
Unfonunately lor my Iriends. most of 
them Will sull be he rc next year. My 
hean sheds tears of piry for them. Well , 
I guess that if I come back here to visit. 
I can meet them at Carlos Murphys. 
God knows they won 't be on campus. 

Bike paths 
Editor: 

Mall Richter 

As things are set up now walking to 
classes can be hazardous. The most 

EDrI'c. IIttIP I..Q8 
Ml'WS EDlRl': IENI,..." 

CON'rMUa'1 
OPINIONS fI)Il~ *'"" J, '1:-CM ~ JoIN...... M 
ARTS EDITOR, NOE:tI MIELIR 
GMPHIC AATlST5: JOHN.tGNOI. JCMI 
PHOTOGMI'IDSa JOHN A5H& IDIIMD 

RICH P£C.W(, N«:1f 50fT!£( 

danger lies on the straight path between 
the gymnasium and Revelle Plaza. 
Between classes this wide path is 
heavily populated with pedestrian traffic 
and cyclists alike. To pedal a bike 
through the disjointedly Dowing mass of 
people is similar to riding through an 
obstacle course of bright orange cones. 
Each cyclist must dan in and out being 
careful not to knock over a cone or in 
this case injure a person . Accidents 
involving people run over by cars are 
widely publicized. Those in which 
bicyclists collide with pedestrians are 
seldom reported. Though most collisions 
result in bumps and bruises it is 
possible for serious injury to result. The 
problem therefore is that there is no 
separation between bicycle traffic and 
pedestrians on the same path. 

One solution to this problem might 
be to eliminate bicycle traffic on this 
path akogether. There are other alternate 
bike routes designated which 
circumvent heavy pedestrian traffic 
while arriving at the same destination. 
These paths, however. are located such 
that a much greater distance must be 
traveled by the cyclist. The time saving 
advantage of riding a bike is almost 
nullified by the increased length of the 
altemate route as opposed to the 
straight ~ath connecting the gymnasium 

" CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 I 

STAfF WfU105: MAAK IlREJTENooo. OHAN flIl\5T • .lOAN FONE\G. ~ HN\MC)f4. f1.ONA ItI. VM 
HJTCHINSON. CHf1.JS11NA KNJS. P.OO€1\f LEONE. ifF MLNC, KELL£Y NEAL.~. 
DAWN WAANNEr\. RENEE'tt'ENNCK 

... " .. .. ...... .' ".. . . .... ... .. ......... . 

PASTE·UP AAnSTS: JOHN ASKH. 5HAAON NGOI . .tUISON 1'10<'1. DAVID AAOO'tt'. S£M ~AG$TAFF 
TYPE5ET1tPJ: KEN RJP.IE. JN4 H.fM€N. ~ lAI.J)EP., CWIIEL lHC),t,l5 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: CHRIS MW. SHENOL t:lI.WONO. PE'IEI\ HOfFIoWI 

Tutsday. Feb. 19. 1985 5 
D'>INI~ , 

".", «-i(.", •• ""' ;,:'"' ., N - ~ ".",' ... , ~.. -:. 5: .... ~..... • ... ..,..... ::::: 

~lf1SS []f 2[]~~ 

Pedestals of glass 
By CHRIS A'CLONE 

For rwo years I took refuge in the small UCSD 
eucalyptus forest. I watched the activities of the 
humans during the day, and at night I entered the 
underground tunnels that lead to the Gittelsohn 
Library's Histography Chamber, where I experienced 
holographic histories of the species that was 
responsible for both my creation and damnation. I 
discovered that, although my situation as a clone was 
somewhat unique, many people have received similar 
treatment . Humans pride themselves in building 
pedestals to elevate certain individuals, only to delight 
in destroying their lofty idols. 

Pennsylvania Avenue. Rewinding the histography 
chamber's tapes. I discovered these Senate Operas 
arose from the television news magazine program 
Minutt-to-Minute. which aired a 6O-hour-a-week maxi-
series building up and tearing down the most highly 
pedestaled people. 

audience below. then a panel, representing the State-
approved religions. attempts to convert the guest 
preacher before the audience-participation stone 
throwing ceremony. When a guest speaker convens 
the audience, the panel is stoned, and a new religion 
is written into the Constitution. This often happens 
when the guest preacher asks the question, "How can 
you be sure I am nOt the one and only stairway to 
salvation 7" 

Seeking to discover why people desired to climb up 
on pedestals. I joined one of the campus religiOUS 
fraternities. At first. as an alien to this culture, I felt a 
rush as the brothers of Theology Knights of Emmanual 
welcomed me and promised to lift me above the 
common masses of srudents. But to join TKE required I 
submit to their rites-of-passage, a ceremony that 
revealed a feature of my androgony I will reveal to you 
in next week's column. 

Another form of television programming favored by 
underminded students is the On the Cross Hour. Each 
week a guest preacher is invited to stand on the 
pedestal during the first half hour, condemning the 

I often witnessed this among lovers who roamed in 
my fores!. At first they walked and talked at a casual 
pace, side-by-side. But when one stopped and asked 
the other to slow things down. to pay more attention 
to the world around, the other, seemingly obsessed 
with keeping moving on the well-worn path, diverted 
his or her attention towards building a pedestal. 
Oddly, sometimes the person who asked for the rest 
summoned up a hidden reserve to climb upon the 
other's pedestal. As the pedestal rose higher and 
higher, the soft-spoken, eye-to-eye conversations 
turned to distant shouts berween the lowly builder and 
the elevated idol. Fortunately for my ears, once the 
shouting began, the lovers never returned to the forest. 

In the chamber I witnessed the many paradoxes of 
political pedestals. How can so many people claim 
they voted for a victorious presidential candid~te. then 
rwo years later deny their original support of the 
preSident? And how is this denial so easily spoken 
after the great efforts it must have taken one to build a 
Dimsy platform th~t supportS the pedestal atop the 
leader's unstable mound of dirt? Another paradox 
arises in the building of nuclear arms bargaining-chip 
pedestals. The height of these pedestals is directly 
proportional to the volume of rhetoric each 
superpower produces. Who can measure the 
superiority levels of these thin-air combatants when 
they are perched so high they can hardly hear the 
down-to-earth cries of the people? Not satisfied with 
pedestals, which have at least a distant grounding, the 
space shuttle will deploy the first Star Wars laser 
system. Political leaders Doating in the weightless 
vacuum no longer need the supportive pedestals of the 
people as they drift among the stars. There seems to 
be little concern for our leaders' survival in their 
rarified stellar atmosphere. for most of today's 
politicians are fonner soap opera actors or Sports 
heroes. 

These stars-turned-politicians are accustomed to 
pedestal life . Their fantasy existence seems to fulfill the 
American public's obsession to become rich and 
famous . Berween 11 am and 1 pm the UCSD television 
lounges are filled with undenninded students watching 
One Life to Lust . The Perfect People. Space Senator. 
General Congress. All My Constituents. NASA Landing and 

Doonesbury 

"The MABE program at UCSB" 
meeting with .Jon Sonstelle 
Master of Arts In 

BUSINESS ECONOMICS 
FrI .• Feb 22 12 pm to 1 pm 

Coreer Planning and Placement ServIce 
University of California. Santa Babara 

The home of the 
39.¢ hatnburger. 

., 

M~lJo"tJltI~m 41/tJu 
''If,lI\.! \\ .1 .. 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IIr.tJ!!I!!!!IlII!!!!!!!~~!! •• !!!!!!!!!!!!.!!I •• !!!.~!!!!I~III!It..ul 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder® with CheeK, LarJe Fry, 

Medium-Size Soft Drink , .• ,,11 \ .10.. I 1(' \'14 I w nl II 
Limit I • .> n \.' (,Jupun pL.' r 
lustoml.'r, JX'r VISit . Pk·i.ISC 
pri..'s\.'nt ("u upon wh\.'n 
orJ"ronJ(. No! vaild wuh any 
llIh"r ult.-r. 

Just $1.99 11 
(plua tax) II 
Only at: I 

7140 Miramar Rd. II 
SanDieso~ 

---------- ~ 
----------

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 
/TJ £SPECJAU.Y 7W6H IIHIJ IT 
W.4NS /!EJN6 fW{f (F HI51{)Il:t. 115 
'*' RIfST5tNAlXINS9Ia; tu~ 
t:aJIj£iJ 'XJ ~ 7JIj HfAI(J5(FWN 

I4HiN I flEn#lN. 
/' 

~~..-- '4(_,.....w..-,-. ... ~J,¥4,.~ 
-'" .. .. " .. ..... --.-...... 

Color ~ 
Bltnd? ~ b ~ ~ 

11 you are color bl1nd we will pay you $5.00 per 
hour to part1dpate in peroept1on experiments on 
the nature of color bl1ndness. 
For more 1n1onnation contact: Eathy Purl or 

AI Nagy at 452-4762 between 1:00 and 5:00 pm. 
Monday thru Th , ...... 1"'" 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 

Mon.· Thurs. 
fri. 

Sat. 
SUn. 

Copies· Reductions· En,-rgements 
Pesspo" Photos· Binding . ~nd much more' 

41/z( 
Self Service Copies 

lam·lpm 
lam·6pm 
10 am·5 pm 
12 noon·5 pm 

.. 7477& 
8156 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near Ralphs' Sa¥On) 



6 Tuesday. Feb. 19. 1985 

~<elf$lettersn<eilit<eIT'~ 
IT' ~n ce:rctt ~ If ~n ~~\t<eIT' ~ II <e 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 4 < 
a~d Revelle Plaza . Elimmating all bike traf-
fic would require enforcement and a per-
petual cost for securil)' people to patrol 
during the day. This solution would prove 
costly and would be discriminatory toward 
those who ride bikes to class. 

Another alternative might be to make 
it mandatory to walk all bikes through 
the speCified area during peak class 
hours. The problem of cyclists having to 
avoid hitting pedestrians would be 
solved and they would now be able to 
safely rake their bike on the path 
between the gym and Revelle Plaza. 
Again, this plan would stiU be 
discnminatory toward bicyclists. Their 

freedom to ride to class using this roure 
will have been revoked. Bicyclists would 
be better off walking because not only is 
walking a bike through a crowd slower 
but then a place musr be found ro 
secure the bike while the student is in 
class. The rime advantage of riding a 
bike to class would be gone. Again . 
enforcement would comil,uaUy COSt 
money rhat could be better spent. Lack 
of enforcement would result in a 
continued problem by those willing to 
ignore seemingly useless rules. 

The most feasible solution would be 
to paint lines down one side of the path 
resembling the roads used by motor 
vehicles. There would be one solid line 
on rhe outside with one broken line 
down the middle. Each lane would be 
wide enough for one bike and would 
represent traffic in each direction . Both 
lanes would not be constantly filled at 

Men and women who are willing to allow 
professional hair stylists to design a new spring & 
summer look. 
Desired style photos will be displayed and 
consultations will be held Monday through Friday, 
9:00 am to 5:30 pm through February. 
The class will be held March 4th at 1:00 pm, 
Each model will-receive a new hair style plus a 
perm or highlighting. 
For more information call Rhonda. 

454-0785 
lti untridge ltiairstyles 

In the Summer House Inn. La Jolla Shores 

U C SAN """"FE DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

fIL~ERIES 
1 9· 8 5 

THE CRITICS ARE EATING IT UP! ..• 
- Vincent Canb),. NewVork Times 
"WICKEDLY FUNNY! 'The Family Game' is so rich that Mr. Morita 
would seem to I>e one of the mOlt talented and original of Japan'~ new 
filmmakers .... a visual adventure:' =.:..:.c.... __ _ 
-Richard fr t'edman . ~ewhoU5f Newsp.lpen 
.. * * .. * A BEGUILING CHARMINGLY ECCENTRIC COMEDY:' 
-Stephen Schader. r, ~bcazine 
" Challenging comedy blends wry criticism with tenderness, hope and 
DAffY HUMOR: ' 
- J. Hoberman, Village Voict' 
" f L'NNY AND ENERGETIC RIGHT DOWN TO ITS 'THREE STOOGES' 
FI.J~ALE : ' 
- Willia.m w olr. Cannett ~e""s papers 
.. .... * *" VERY FL'NNY ... a striking contemporary comedy:' 
- Kathleen Carroll . Daily Sew, 
" A DELICIOUS LY Wky COMEDY:' 
- J o .. ph C.lmis. S ewsdoy 
.. * * *. A SUBVERSIVE SCREWBALL COMEDY reminiscent of 
'Zero For Conduct' .. . one of the most bizarre slapstick finales of any 
comedy in recent memory. Full or marvelous secrets and evocative 
humor that ricochets around in (he mind after one leaves the theatre!' 

February 19, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. S5.00, Stu. 6t Sr. $3.00 
... _(j)~N·& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559_ ... 

all times therefore slower rraffic could be 
easily passed without danger. The bike 
lanes would take up about one quarter 
of the path leaving plenty of room to be 
shared by pedestrians and aU those 
students who ride skateboards. It would 
be the dul)' of students on foot to be 
aware of bicycle traffic when crossing 
through the bicycle roadway. The lines 
could be painted on the existing path in 
white which would be visible yet in no 
way be gawdy or detract from the 
campus surroundings. With a bicycle 
roadway cyclists would now be able to 
take full advantage of the shortest route 
berween the gymnasium and Revelle 
Plaza while redUCing the danger of 
pedestrians being run over and injured . 
The lines could be completed in less 
than a week between quarters thereby 
not inconveniencing the student body 
in any way. Pedestrians and cyclists 

alike would follow the rules of the bike 
route for their own safeI)'. In this way. 
no costly enforcement would be 
necessal)' because it would be beneficial 
for all to adhere to the rules. 

A high probabihl)' of someone being 
seriously hurt will remain if something 
is not done to alter the existing set up. 
A painted bike route between the 
gymnasium and Revelle Plaza seems the 
most feasible plan for solving the 
present safeI)' problem of bicyclists 
having to interact with pedestrian traffic 
by dodging people like cones in an 
obstacle course. Other plans may exist 
but none will be as coSt effective or 
solve the problem in a simpler more 
complete way. A painted bike roadway 
is demanded by the situation and those 
who fully comprehend the present 
danger to the student body. 

Eric C. Corona 

golt~v~ 
~,...~~ INCLUDfS: , Contact lenses, $ t~~ examination, patient traInIng, follow up, 1Z chemical care kit dent I.D. and fitting . "th stu WI EXTfNDfD WfAR '1'4 LfNSfSONLY $265 .00 

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER. 0.0. 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

fashion \.eUey Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA. 0.0. 
University Towne Centre 

457-4791 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

COLUMBIA ARTISTS 

Ar"erican 

"The theatre rocked with laughter." 
N.Y. TIMES 

February 21, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $9.00, Students $5.00 
UCSD Fac/StafT & Sr.Cit. $7.00 

TKMiTN1N ' (j)T£LE.TI\ON 
___ ........;U=..C=S=D Box Office: 452-4559 __ __ 

Beer 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE) " 
more tOLlrn,lmenrs spo nsored." 

TGs rely heaVily on money from 
sponsorship . not only for beer but also 
for bands .lnd uther embcUbhment s of 
the event. 

According to Aliano. ·· Beer di stributllrs 
give us extm money fo r entertainment. 
This directly influences the quality of 
the hands on campus." 

Vice Chancellor W.1!son and 
members of the ad hoc committee lee! 
that the sponsorship iss ue is a delic,nc 
one . hut that the Univcrsity mn and will 
try to repl.lce the funding wllh 
sponsorship Irom OIher companies. 
~Lll: h as PepsI. 

Kobayashi . however, feels that thiS 
Will not be an easy task: "I would thmk 
that we're gO ll1g 10 he hJrd put . initially 
at least. to go out and repbce $22.000." 

Tucker see~ the issuc differently: ··1 
thin k that th e real question is: Do we as 
a campus provide In..lppropriJte support 
or an insututi onililmagc? Or .lre we 
hypocrItes by bcing co nccmed about 
each other and ar (he same ti mc having 
our m.yor eve nts sponsored by .llcohol 
co mp.mles?" 

cspcClall)' for undcr.lged swdcnrs7 Sod HI 
life 1'': '- s.: doesn't h.lvl· to revolve .Iround 
a keg uf bee r. 

"I think thar studenrs can ,ldJ usl. I 
don't rCJII)' see that big of an impal:t on 
student li fe ." 

Alex,mder h.,d a differcnt opinion: 
"People arc always concerned about the 
qU<llity of student life herc . and I think 
that il you impose a poli cy th.1I students 
don 't agree with , and th ,l( students don't 
feel IS fair, then you're going to be 
raking a step backward in making 
students happ)' here." 

On an expe riment,11 basi . UC Davis. 
which has a very Strict alcohol policy. 
has PUt on dry TGs which have been 

Photographers 
Do you have a nose for news, 

an eye for the unusual? Do you 
at least have a camera? 

If so, we want you, and we 
want your pictures. 

We'll give you film. 
We'll give you money. 

All we ask is a few 
short years of your 

life in return. 

I,url)' sUl:u:sslul. 
According 10 Aliano. UCSD's TGs 

.\II ract herwccn 1.000 .md 3.000 
students e,lch time. -I hese numbers 
might be redul:ed II" the 
rccommcndallons are put into efrect. 

Alexander IS currently fo rming ..I 
student committee that will include 
represe ntatives from difi'erent aspects of 
studenr life. suc h as RAs. admrnistrJ lOrs 
,md anyone who IS ve ry Interested In 
becoming informed about the issue. he 
hopes thar rhe committee will be able to 
come up with a more equltahle solution. 

"(We hope) to come up with polIcies 
<md prol:edures th.n we feel better meet 
the needs of the cam pus and thm we 

Tuesday, Feb. 19. 1985 7 

feel berter address the problem that we 
sec on this campus," she said , addIng 
that she intends to prese nt the Idca 
form..llly to thc AS CounCil Wednesday 
night. 

Sa id Chancellor Richard Atkinson on 
the issue. "I have heard toO many stones 
about heavy drinking on this campus to 
feci sanguine about it." He added . "['m 
concerned about (the drinking problem) 
partly because of high sc hool stud ents on 
campus. and I'm also concerned about 
under-age college students." Asked 
whether the policies would affect the serv-
ing of alcohol at fun ctions at his home. 
which IS campus properl)' , he replied. "I 
doubr if there will be any change." ~ 

Accordi ng to Alexander. \I is 
conceIVable th.1I (hiS type of polIcy 
might force d rinking to he carried on 
off Gun pus. whkh might Icad !L) 
increased dri nking and driVing. 
Members of the committee have 
ge nerally <Igreed that th e potential 
problem of increased dri nking and 
dn\,Ing should nut Inc rease by a 
substantial amoulll. but the Issue will be 
disc u sed at future hearings. 

Asked whether the quality of stud clll 
life would decline or whether students 
would have a more limited soci al lI fe . Lt. 
Anderson respomled , "Is there a need 
for kegs of beer to have a socral life. 

The Guardian -
Contact Phil Lluder at 452-6580. 

it's a small price 
to pay for fame 

"Learning from the Lives of W Olllen Scientists" 

GERTRUDE SCHARFF GOLDHABER 
Brookhaven National Laboratory 

Gertrude S. Goldhaber is senior physicist at Brookhaven, adjunct 
professor atJohns Hopkins University, and a consultant to the Los 
Alamos National National Laboratory. A member of the National 
Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the American Physical Society, 
she is a former trustee of the Fenni National Accelerator Laboratory. 
She is also a former scientific advisor to the Arms Control and 
Disannament Agency. 

under the auspices of 

20 February 
8:00 pm 

108 Peterson Hall 

The United Chapters of l:>hi Beta Kappa SipnaChapcerofCaUfornia,UCSD 
VISITING SCHOLAR PROGRAM 

.......-



EARN 
3-6 UNITS 

IN 6 WEEKS 
START FEB. 25 
MESA COLLEGE 

Accelerated Term 
Only $5 per unit. 6 or more units flat 

fee of $50 maximum. 
G.E. Reqs., & more. Transferable. 

Register in Mesa Admissions Office, 
7250 Mesa College Dr., San Diego 

230-6906 

There's Always 
Space for the 
New Expressionist. 

At TRW's Electronics and Defense 
Sector, we recognize the value of new 
ideas. We provide an environment 
with space for free thought and 
expression. To us, you are tomorrow's 
source of talent and creative enelgy. 
With us, you can reach deep into the 
expanses of your imagination and 
help to develop technologies that 
literally reach beyond the stars. 
Our informal and encouraging 
atmosphere has produced a galaxy of 
opportunities ... encompassing large 
software computer systems, 
communications and scientific 
spacecraft, alternative energy sources, 
high energy lasers, and 
microelectronics development, These 
opportunities are open to you. 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
Family Planning Associates M edical Group's professionol concerned 
stoll can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Call today for on immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

., FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

Take advantage of this opportunity to 
shape your future and ours . .. join a 
company that gladly makes space for 
the new expressionist. Tomorrow is 
taking shape at a company called 
TRW. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
U.S. Citizenship Required 

On·campus interviews 3/14, 3/15 
See your placement office for details. 

11~r; 
Electronics 
& Defense Sector 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program wi II 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Cali Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ LeARNiNG 
~ ceNTeR 

~-H. 
.PiIIN 

EDUCATIONAL 
CENTER 

TEST '-I'IoAATlON SPECIAlISTS SINCE 1938 
Call Days. Eves & Weekends 

SAN otEGO CENTER 
2180 GARNET 2D 

PACIFIC BEACH, CA 92109 
(619)270-6810 

M.l. McNUlTY, ADMINISTRATOR 

"IfIN""IICt....,.."' ... r .... IH.....,u I c. .. ", ...... 
'tf " . ..,""" ....... "'" "" ... OUIIIOf N. Y SlAT! CALL rOLL "Ill lOI-l23·171Z 

[duGJhonal Genlel ltd 

T ufSday, Feb. 19, 1985 9 

VOTE FEB. 19 
FEB. 20 

The polls will be open Tuesday. Feb. 19. 9:00-4:00 and Wednesday, Feb. 20, 9 :00-3:00. 
Booths a~ locared on the Gym Steps. Revelle Plaza, M.O.M., Peterson Hall , and 

(Warren) Registrars. 
Special Cafeteria HQUI'S Tuesday. 

Warren and Revelle Cafeterias-4:30-5:30; Muir Cafeteria-5:00-6:00 

ASUCSD 
ELECTION COMMITTEE 
-----------------------PRo-------------~-----------CON-------------

• The present ASUCSD Consti tution has neen in effect siller 1977 and was written 
for a student body of a much smaller scope: 

• wi thoUl A.5. Student Services (ASIO, Lecture Note~ , Soft Reserves, Assorted 
Vinyl) 

• with an ASUCSD population of 7000 
• with a minimum number of alternative media 
• with a minimum number of student organiza tions 
• with ,I limited number of financial n:spunsibl!lues 
• with" minimal amount of facilities 
• With no responsibility beyond the UC D campus 

• The present ASUCSD Constitution is not wlIlpatible with the growth of the 
Glmpus and ASUCSD. Since 1977, the ASUCSD population has nearly doubled. 
Currently, ASU D has: 

• seven A. . tudel1l Service' 
• nine altcrnative mcdia 
• over 150 student organizations 
• increased financial responsibilities dose to $700,000 
• plans lor" loo,ooO-square-foot University Center to begin ground-breaking 

in the academic year 1985-86 
• increased external responsibilities which Include representation in 

S<lcmmcnto and Washington, DC. 

• The pmpo ed UCSD ConslIIution bener serves the c<lmpus and the UCSD 
community b)1 reorgani Zing the intern,II structure withlll the ASUCSD, incluulng: 

• wluelllng the executive br.lnch to r"cllitHlc greater ,Idministnuivc, finanCial , 
and external effiCiency wllhin ASUCSD 

• outllnlllg clearly leglslallve and Jut! IL'IJ I)' respon, Ihl! IIiCS 
• Incn:,I~lIlg reprc,('nt"tinn wllhlll the IIldlVldll,1! u)IIL'gl'~ and hy class 
• 1 he PROP( ' I~ I) ASUC'i[ ONSIII Ul10N h,ls beCl1 lIn.mlmollsly endorsed 

h)' [he AS. L.llunrd , I t}H4 -H'5 

As of the time of priming, 
no can arguments have 
been submitted to the 

AS. Election Committee. 

Remember to bring your UCSD Picture ID 
when you go to VOTE. 



1 0 Tuesday. Feb. 19. 1985 

1967. 

From blue jeans to 
Burger King prophet 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 

T HE MOST LISTENED to speaker on our ampus is not a noted abel Laureate , poetic writer, 
drennenlc c1Ctor, accomplis hed athlete, 
influential political theori st or student 
leader. Most know him as Rev. jed (o r 
Brother Jed ); yet most know little 01 this 
Siren against Satan ,lIld Sin . 

In the summer of 1967, Jed drove 
across the Golden Gate Bridge InID the 
world of long hair. jeans, drugs and the 
call of "turn on. tune Ill , and drop out." 
He rentcd an ap.lnmcnt ncar UC 
Berkeley and began tea hing social 
studies ,I[ a local Junior high. One 
unday, he a ttended a rock concen In 

Haight-Ashbury. where thousands were 
g.llhered for a "love-in ." A hippie olTered 
jed a joint. "1 W.IS not satisfied with a 
few tokes of a few jOints. hut the very 
next weekend I was back at the Haigh t 
to 'score my first lid .... said Jed. Not 
satisfied with pot. jed turned to LSD 
and was carried away by the waves of 
rock 'n roll . -The Beatles sang. 'All you 
need is love : but all I found was lust . as 
carnoal gratification became the driVing 
force of my lire." He quit his tt!aching 
position and joined the revolution. 

Returning home to Terre Haute. 
Indi oanJ . jed walked unrecognized in the 
streets; long hair. bearded and wearing 
jeoans, cowboy boots and oa leather vest 
stuffed with joints. -I crept up to old 
acquaintances. saying. 'Hey, man, I have 
something you ought to try. It will 
expand your mind:' 

In 1970, Jed cut his hair and donned 
a suit to study counseling while 
conducting research at Indiana State 
University's Institute on Research into 
Humoan Behoavior. "I wrote a master's 
thesis on the personal effects of 
smoking seven straight joints of 
marijuana." 

The sys tem was toO much for jed. so 
he turned again to long hair Jnd faded 
levis. He gathered his belongings into a 
backpack and ventured to North Africa. 
where he hitchhiked to a hippie 
community in southem Morocco. 
"Li ving at the beach commune. I 
thought, 'Man, th is IS really it; this is 
where I can do my own thing, be 
natural : th,lt WJS my philosoph}" My 
standoard was. if it feels good . do il." jed 
drifted back to Terre Haute clothed in 
little more than his hair and whal 
remained of his levis. 

He began reading the 1 Chlllg; 
Herman Hesse's Siddhartha , StCppcllWOij 
,md Dcntian; Alan Watts' The Wisdolll oj 
Illsccurity; Ramm Dass' Be Here Now and 
Thoreau's Walden POlld. 

In August of 1972. while Jep was 
riding hiS bicycle through the parking 
lot of a shopping center, he heard hts 
name called Out. "George, George 
Smock'" It ",,,s an old high school 
fnend , Clyde SwaUs. who had become a 
preacher. 

Then it happened , -One night we 
went ac ross the street to the Burger 
King, 'Home of the Whopper! ' Clyde 
opened the scriptures to me and I 
became convinced of my sins. That 
night In the Burger King. I found the 
King of Kings ." The rest is hisrory. You 
can hear him weekly on the Revelle 
Plaza . serving up his condemnarion 
oagainst unsightly "little sisters'" buns 
amidst jeers of "Where's the bee!?" ~ 

Tutsday, Ftb . 19. 1985 11 

\ '" . , 

Former disco queen Mrs. "Rev. Jed" Smock .. 



12 T"C,U,II . F,·/!. 19. 1985 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY ....... DAY 
9100-.100 pili - It's not too early to make 
~umrTl6 . plansl . How about doing an 
InternshIp to gaIn valuable expl!f'iena: for 
future employrTll!nt? For more info, stop ~ 
the ASIO offier above the game room in thl! 
student cent!!!', or call 452-4689. 
MONDAY 
.&»10145 ... - Let Go of Strl!SS and 
Relax"';' This is a new group for all UCSD 
students dl!Signed to teach ~ds of 
relaxing and dealing with stress which can be 
used for a lifetime. Techniqul!S Vllill includl! 
breath in g exercises , biofeedback, 
progressive relaxation, autogenic training, 
guided imagery, meditation, self-hypnosis 
and time-managerTll!nt. Meets each Monday 
thoughout the quarter. Students ~ attend 
all sessIons, or drop in to any one of them as 
convenient. Meets at 1003 H-l. Offered ~ 
Maynard Brusman, Psychological and 
Counseling Services. 

"'J~6,OO pm - Lesbian SUpport Group-
This 'Neekly drop-in disrussion group offers 
peer support, personal concern and a forum 
for exploration of sodal and political issues. 
Led ~ the WOrTll!n's Resource Cent!!!' Peer 
Counselors. Call 452-2023 for info and to 
sign up. At the Women's Resource Center. 
TUESDAY 
12100-1100 pm - It's almost spring and 

you all know what that means ... your 
hormone levels skyrocketl Be prepared. 
Come to the Birth Control Information 
Session this Tuesday and every TuesdcJy. It's 
confidentIal, informative, and necessary for 
the weeks ahead. L.pstairs at the Student 
Health Center. 
1 rOO-Z:JO pm - Overcoming COrll'ulsive 
Eating-In a supportive environment group 
partidpants Vllill learn ways to eliminate 
compulsive eating. The forus Vllill be on 
changing behaviors, thoughts and beliefs 
which perpetuate this compulsion, and work 
on improving self-image, The group is not 
open to those who experience a 
binge/purge cycle or who greatly restrict 
their diet. Sponsored ~ Psychological and 
Counseling Services. Please call Temille 
Porter, 452-3035 or Denise Zimmerman 452-
3755 to sign up. Meets at Mt. View Lounge, 
Third College. 
11OO-2,JO pm - Gay/Bisexual Men 's 
Counseling Group-This is an on-going 
confidential support group for 
undergraduate men questioning their 
sexuality, as well as those who identify as 
gay/bisexual. Meets weekly throughout thl! 
quarter. Students can call leader, Steve Brady, 
at 452-3755 for more info, or they can just 
come to the group. Sponsored by 
Psychological and Counseling Services. In 
1003 HL 

WIIDNISDAY 
9100-10110 ... - Combatting Deprl!Ssion: 
Feeling Better Worksrops-Feeling better 
demands a whole lot more than talking 
about problems. In order to provide more 
than talk, Psychological and Counseling 
Services is off!!!'ing a series of skill-building 
workshops desigled to combat dl!prl!Ssion 
and stress, through such activities as dance, 
jogging, psychodrama, game playing, 
laughing. time marlagement and attitude 
enhanerment. This group will meet at the 
Revelle Informal Lounge, beginning 
Wednesday, Feb. 20, and continue each 
Wednesditf th'oughout the schoo/ year. 
Students rTlitf attend as few or as marlY ofthl! 
'M:lrkshops as they wish. Please wear loose-
fitting clothes which will allow you to move 
with comfort. Topic for 2/20: Walking or 
jogging your witf to mental health iFld 
h4lpinl!Ss. 
12.00-1100 pili - A decision not to use 
bjrth 'control is a decision to become 
pregnant . Learn the methods and 
eftKtiveness ratings of thl! newest forrns of 
birth conuol at the Birth Control Information 
Session. Be informed, not stupid. L.pstairs at 
the Student Health Cent!!!'. 
12.00-1110 pili - General Therapy-This 
on-going, conndential group is open to 
undergraduate students. The forus Vllill be on 
Pl!l'sonal arid interpersonal conerrns. Led ~ 
Steve Brady and lindsey Stroben of 
Psychological and Counseling Services. 
Meets at 1003 H-L Call 452-3755 toslgl up. 
4100-5.10 pm - Campus Black Farum-
This is a weekly, informal disrussion group on 
the issues, concerns, arid thl! quality of life of 
the Black oommunlty at UCSD. This is an 
ongling group and students can join at any 
ome. call leadl!r Phil Raphael at 452-3035 if 

The Weekly 
Calendar 

you have arry qUl!Stions; otherwise, students 
can jJst turn up at thl! group. Meets in thI! 
Mountain View Lounge in Third College. 
Offered ~ Psychological and Counseling 
Services. 

lHURSDAY 
ZIJ0.41OG pm - Recovering from Eating 
DIsorders Progran (RED I). This is a program 
for 'M:lmen students with eating disordl!l's. 
Partidpants move toward recovery through a 
progran of gra<1Jal stages. Students who are 
obsessed with weight control, who mitf 
alternately binge, fast. or vomit will find a 
common ground of support arid caring. Led 

~ Bev Halju and a RED Peer Counselor. 
Sponsored ~ Psychological and Counseling 
Services. Bev can be reached at 452-39B7 ~r 
more info. 
",",51OG pm - Headache Treatment 
Group-This is a group for students who are 
chronic headache sufferers. Partidpants Vllill 
learn stress reduction techniques, as well as 
othl!r headache treatment procedures. 
Offered ~ ~ny McClellan, Psychological 
and Counseling Services. If you're interested 
call Penny and leCPJe your name iFld number. 
She can be reached at 452-3755 or 452-
3035. Meets at Student Health Services 
Conferener Room. 
""DAY 
ZlOCHrOO pm - Alcohol iFld Substance 
Abuse Group-For students who want help 
in dealing with an alcorol or drug use 
problem. Emphasis Vllill be on understarlding 
the complexity of the problem, ldenti~ing 
options, making a commitment to change, 
and following throu gh. Homework 
assignments and group norms w ill be 
established as part of thl! group's arid 
individJal's progran. Before joining the 
group, interested students are asked to call 
Becca at 452-3755 to make a short 
appointment vvith one of our counselors to 
see if thl! group will meet their needs. Led ~ 
Dan Munoz, Psychological arid Counseling 
Serviers. Meets at the Revelle Provost's 
Office. 
JrOCHrlO pm - Peer-led Gay/Bisexual 
Men's Support Group. This is a weekly drop-
In peer support group for male students who 
identify as being Q<tf or bisexual, as 'Nell as for 
those who are exploring their sexuality. The 
group is facilitated by student peer 
counselors and is a great opportunity to talk 
with othl!!' students sharing simllar conerrns. 
New students can join at any time. Off!!!'ed 
by Psychological and Counseling Services. 
Mel!ts at H-L 1003. If students have any 
questions they can call Carlos or Demetrius at 
452-4297; otherwise, they carljust arrive for 
the group. 

Religious Functions 
MONDAY PRlDAY 
.... ,... -catholic Mass. Sponsored ~the 
catholic Comrrunlty at UCSO. In the 
U'llIIerslty Lutherarl Churdl. 
n.aMY 
'dO ..... - Tu~ Night Dlscussion 
Gro<Jp, " \lIt)ose Club is It Arryw'i." 
Diversity and Connict in the Catholic Church. 
In thl! Catholic Lounge of the U'liversity 
Lutherarl Church. 
' .... 10 pili - Men's Bible Talk-
Informal disrussion of the daily 4lplicatlon of 
the B/ble to our lives. Sponsored ~ Christian 

, ....... pili - As/an-Amer/can Christia-l 
~/Iowstip (MCF)--4'Iease join us as ~ 
s~ ttor Christia-l Dlsdph ot SeMer. We 
IMII see how we can ~ God In our home, 
sctlool, arid dlJrch. In thI! Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 
...,NaDAY 
'ZIOOo'1GO pili - Coed Bible Talk-an 
inlbrmal disOJSSion of the daI~ 4lpllcation ot 
thI! Bible to our lives. Sponsored ~ the 
Ch'/so.., Student Association. /n Tenitfa Hall 
102, Muir College. 
IlOO pili - Supper hosted ~ IJJtheran 
students, open to all, followed ~ B/ble stu~ 
at 7:00 pm. In thI! I.oungt ot the U'l/versjty 
IJJther.., Churdl, just \Nest of ~/e 
College, 
6100 ..... - Rler Bowl Dinner; a si/Tllle meal 
and diSQJoon to raise our consdousness on 
world hunger will be held on Ash 

W~, Feb. 20, at 6:00 pm. AI/ .e 
welcome. DonatIons will gl for Ethiopian 
aid. In the catholic Lounge ot the U'Weristy 
Luther.., Church. 00natJ0n 5200. 

,.00 Pili - Inter-VarsIty Christ/an 
fellowship meets ~ Wed. nigtt at 7:00 
pm. This W!ek we will be exploring thI! topic 
of "Missions: dIscoIIerIng our responsibi/Ity 
for the world." EIIeI)'Ofle Is welcome to join 
us in this time ot worship and fellowstipl In 
the Cha1ceIIor's COII'1lIex lilA 
, .. pm - For Chrlstlar1s: A serles of 
~ semlNI'S "Answering OJestions 
about ChristianIty." TAJght ~ Bob SIegel ot 
Sojourners Ch'Istian FellowshIp. In the 
Student Center Bulld/ng B, North 
Conferena! Room. 
'110 pm - Bible 5n4': A time to discDIIer 
the meaning ot Goers Word in our daI~ 1III'es. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coorcinators. In the cathoNc Lounge ot the 
U'WersIty Luther., et.Jrch. . 
7dO .... - Ash ~ SeMce Ibr ai/ 
ChristJ.,s, sponsored ~ the catholic. 
IJJther.., and Ep/scDpaI ~ ninlstrleut 
LCSO. In thI! Chapel of the I..WIIersIty 
Lutherarl Churdl. 
10t00 pili - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
~ the catholic Community at UC:SO. In the 
CtwpeI ot the Lh/ver'slt}' Luthera"l Church, 
THUIllDAY 
........ - The ThursQj Dlmer. Good 
food and great CDtI"pany. Sponsored ~ the 
cathoIk: Student Coordinators. In the 
catholic Lounge ot the I...tWersIty Luther.., 
Church. Donation S2.00. 
' ..... 10 ..... - Men's Bible Talk-
Inlbrmal diSOJSSion of the daI~ appIic.ltion ot 
the B/ble to our 1III'es. Sponsored ~ OY/stl.., 
Student Assodalon. At the Re\IeI/e College 
Argo III Lounge. 
, ...... pili - Thu~ Night Bible 
~ "finding 'IburseI1 In the ,..ab/es of 
.Jesus." Sponsored ~ UCM wf'Ik:tl representS 

Pr~la"IS, Methodsts, UCC and the 
Dlsdples of Christ students. All lIe welcome. 
Refreshments will Ib/Iow. In the Multl-
PlJrpose Room. Student Center Bldg. A 
' ..... 10 .... - \IVomen's Bible Talk-an 
Informal dlSQJssion of the dally application of 
the B/ble to our lives. Sponsored ~ Christian 
Student AsSOCiation. In Third College 
Apartment J-14. 

PlBDAY 
... .... - Students INlIe A:lr 0IIemIglt 
cafI1)Ing ecpedkIon at Anz.8orrego Desert. 
departWlg Ibrm parking lot at the l.HversIty 
Luther., Church. 9595 ~ Jolla Shores Dr. 
F« inbYNtlon, ai/ 453-0561. 
IA'I'UDIlY 
"""100 pili - MInI-RetrNt SIgn up A:lr 
our undergrad mni-reo'9t. The theme IMII 
be "Cr9tIon" and part ot our retr9t IMN 
inIIoIIIe a beach Walk. Cost Includes lunch 
and dinner. At the Lk'l/ver'slty Luther., 
et.Jrdl. Donaclon S5.00. 
....... -catholic Mau. Sponsored ~ the 
CathoI/c COIMIJnIty at UCSO. In the Chapel 
of the Lhillerslty Luther.., Church. 
,... 

SUNDAY 
8100. 91'1. • , '100 _ - EpIscopal 
Church \IVorship SerIiIcr: Su~ Eucharist 
and ParIsh fellowship. In the Good SamarItan 
Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across from Gl!nesee from east end of 
CMI'lXJS, north ot La Jolla "'/!age Dr. 
Int!!!'section of Genesee. 
...... -Cathol/c Mass. Sponsored bythl! 
catholic COIMIJnIty at UCSO. /n the Chapel 
ot the lkI/ver'sIty Luther., Church 
'0100 .. - FI/m: ''Yeshua, '' the story of 
.Jesus Rimed In Israel, sponsored ~ thI! 
Lutherarl Community at UCSO. In thI! Chapel 
ot the Lhlllersity Lutherarl Churdl. 
1 ...... - catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ 
ttle catholic Cornrrunlty at UCSO. Lowrr 
I.eIieI Conferena! Room ot the Student 
Center Bu/lding B. 1'., I .. - Book RevIew, "The Road Less 
Tra\lefled." authored by M. Scott Feck, 
followed ~ pottJck luncheon at 12:00 noon, 
open to all, hosted ~ the Luthera"lS at UCSO. 
In the lkWersIty Luther.., Church. 
Il00 ..... -catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
catholic Community at UCSO. /n thI! 
U'l/ver'stly Lutherl6I Church. 
'100 .... - Film: "Yesrua." the story ot 
.Jesus Rimed In Israel, sponsoted by the 
Luther., Community at UCSO. In the Chapel 
ot the U1IIImIty Luther., Church. 
.dl ..... - ~ Church ~ 
SenIIce: Folk Mass. In the Good SamarItan 

~ Church, 4321 EastgIte MaIL 

leaures 
nlBDAY 
4.00 Pili - Colloqu/um-Frederlck 
Turner-"My U~ as a Free lM1ce \Miter." Mr. 
Turner Is a Regents' Lecturer sponsored by 
the Department of Uterature. At TCHB 142 
..a •• DAY 
ItOO pili - Regents' LKtur!!!' sponsored by 
the Department ct Uterature-Frederlck 
Turner "M,lIr In the MourUns." In TLH 104. 
ntUlllDAY 
7100 ..... - MandatOly meeting Ibrstudents 
1nt!!!'l!Sled intaldngC.I. 2O-'''''/dernessand 
Huma'I Values." Corne learn about UCSO's 
''''''demess Class" --<lI'fered this spring 
quarter. c.1. 20 students will hear 
environmental lectures, belong to a toplc-
oriented discuss/on section, go 
backpacklng-MAKE A DlFFERENCE. In PH 
110. 
PlllDAY. IATUIDAY 
- S)'I'I'1pOsium-Economic Development as 

arI emerging Human Right .Jesse Jackson as 
keynote speak!!!'. pilrtldp..,ts Inc/ude 
lVldrevv '!bung. Rl6nsey C/;,ke, PhIlip Alston 
and \led Nanda as lI'IOderator. Pl'esented ~ 
CalifornIa Western /nternatlonal t..w 
Journal. ()jnner and codcUlI reception 
Incllded in the price of the ticket All 
~/come. Friday: 9:()().5:OO pm, Saturday: 
9:00-12:00 noon, nckeb by reservation ~. 
call 23~1B83 Ibr ticket Inbrmation. SIO.OO 
for students, 520.00 br faculty and staff. Held 
at call1bmla Western School ot Law, 350 
Cedar Street. SIn DIego. 

Other 
PRlDAY 
.. 10 pm - Gourmet Vegetarian Cooking 
classesl Learn how to prepare wholesome 
..,d economical dishes from thl! world 's 
oldl!st culimlly tradition, foIlolNed ~ a 
SUlll>tuous rull-course vegetariarl ~ast, 
Indian style. Plus discourse on Shako-yoga/ 
marltra meditation. In thl! Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

Academic 'Services 
MONDAY .... DAY 
Il1O '100 pili - OASIS 'M'1tlng Center 
oners free 5eI'JIce for all UCSO SbJdemS who 
need pre-wrlting~, conferences on drafts, 
and edtlng acMce, We engage l6Pj kind ot 
writing. and l6ry kind ot writing proOIem. 
Conferences are ~ appointment on~. 
EvenIng appointments lie now also iM1Ilab1e 
In OMIS ThIrd Place at ThIrd College. (For the 
full range of services see back ot Fall 
ScheWIe.) Call 45~2284 or c:ome by USB 
4010 to make ., appointment ThIs seMcr Is 

~1abIe thIOughout the quarter. 
.... '100 .... - PAl Conterences-Don't 
spend more time stu~ than necessay/ 
Sche<1J/e a one-to-one PAL (personal 
ass/staller for /earningl conference to 
streamline your ~ The conferences 
wiD dNI with your course maerlals conc:ems 
IncIud/ng reading ~et1ensIon, memoty 
control, lecture notetalclng. and tl!St 
preparation, as ~I as how to ITIa1q your 
time, ha1dIe stress, concentrate better, and 
overmme proaastlnatlon. Sponsored ~ the 
a-.sIS ~adlng and ~ Skills Center. USB 
4010. 

"0~4.00 pili - Grammar Moses 
HotHne-A hotIlne phone-In service A:lr help 
with dialon, grammar and punctuation 
problems. To reach Grammar Moses call 452-
2294 betINeen the hours ot 9 and 4, 

Mo~rlday. Sponsored by the OMIS 
Writing Cent!!!'. Servier iMlllable th'ou!1lOUt 
the quart!!!'. 
1110 '100 ..... - Drop-In Hours. For 
questions pertaining to ateer planning. job 
huntIng, resume' cr/tlqulng, etc. 
~tments may also be sdleduled In the 
morning ~ alOng career SeMces Center at 
45~37SO. 

MONDAY a MaN ilIAY 
" .. ,JIOO .... - The~PI"c9am 
I.eIieI I and II-ThIs a-.sIS bcuies on the 
thinking skills you need to successfully 
ha1de Itle reading and writing tasks 
assigned In your courses. It Is des/g1ed for' 
those who want to perfKt their EnglIsh 
language ski/is. LP classes lIe taug1t by 
reading and writing specialists and bi/lngual 
tutors. LP /5 presented ~ the OASIS \Xhlt/ng 
Center .,d the ~IS ReadIng Center, usB 
4070. 
n.sDAY 
'0100 _ - FInding thI! Hidden Job 
Market. 80% ot all job vacancies lIe 

~ This workshop will tNdlyoua 
WlIj to Rnd out about them. Sponsored by 
career ServIces Cent!!!'. In thI! ReIIeI/e Formal 
Lounge. 
' .... '2100,... -De~ngtheMoment: 
Procr.stirwtion Ibr Writers, He you putting 
off a paper? Do you ~ to contend with the 
"b1.,k P9 ft'~" when you sit <*lINn to 
write? Then attend the nevv OASIS 
Workshop-Delaying the Moment : 
Procr.stlNtion Ibr 'M'1ten-and lam how 
to actIv«e your creMMty. Sponsored by the 
OASIS \XhItIng Cent!!!'. In TCHB 244. 
' .... 1 ... pm - \lIha all you do with 45 
mlnutes7 You all tum ~ 
assIgments Into easy tasks with the 
TECHlnlquel TALK on Ass/gVnent PJ.nng 

at USB 4010. Pl'esented ~ the OMIS ~adlng 
and St~ Skills Cent!!!'. To s/grl up, CAlli 452-
2284. 
JdO 41100 pili - Int!!!'ested In Medldne or 
Dentistry7 Orop-/n acMs/nQ In open sessions. 
Sponsored ~ the career ~rvIces Cent!!!'. In 
the career Services Cent!!!' at Student Cent!!!' 
Bldg. A 

IlOO ..... - Making career 0edsI0ns. Too 
~ choIces7 Learn .., easy and etreaive 
process A:lr choosk1g betINeen 5e\IeI'aI career 
optlons .,d setting appropriate goals. All 
excellent bllow-up to the "1dentIfyIna Your 
career" Workshop. Sponsored ~ Career 
Services Cent!!!'. In the Rellelle Formal 
Lounge. 
4100 .... - careers in HIMYIal Services-
Explore thI! diverse field ot ""man services 
with a pa1eI of specialists who will talk with 
)OU about their ateers In thI! helping 
profeslons (sodal work. counsel/ng. etc.,. 
Sponsored ~ career Services Cent!!!'. In the 
North Conference Room. 
..... '0100 .... - LSAT Pl't!p Course-This . 
free coone Is desIg1ed to '-"'"arize students 
with the LSA T. Score your best on the LSA n 
E.1ct1 session will c.ombIne Instruction, 
discussions, practler tests and test-taking 
strategies A:lr the Reading COIIl>fetlenslon, 
Analytical ~asonIng, Evaluation of Facts, 
and LDgIcaI Reasoning sections of the LSA T. 
/n addition. you'" take a dliIQI'lOStIc test that 
will Indcate just where you should foOJs 
)'OUr studies cilring the the weeks bebethe 
exam. Make your ~test rPtliew efIIdent 
and ~ with the LSAT Prep coursel 
Sponsored ~ the OMIS ReadIng and Stu~ 
SId/is Center. In USB 3O~ 

MDNIIDAY 
- Grac1late SdlooI/Law /MBA AdIIIs/ng. 

PJann/ng on a Grac1late, Law or MBA degee 
progran after UCS07 Help IMth admission 
and appllcat/on questions tod'i by 
appointment only. Call career ServIces 
Center at 45~939 Ibr more detailed 
inlbrmatlon, In the Student Cerlter Bldg. A 
.... 1'100 _ -Int!!!'ested In Medldne or 
Dentlstry7 Drop-in acMs/nQ In open sessions. 
Sponsored ~ the career Services Cent!!!'. In 
Itle career ServIces Center at Student Cent!!!' 
Bldg. A 
, .... _ - /ntervlewlng SId/is INorIcshop. 
00 you need help In preparing for job 
lnteNtews? career Services Cent!!!' \NIl/ 
prcMde tips on the best ways to present your 
quaI/flcatlons and whit kind ot IntervieW 
questions to expect. In the RM!IIe Formal 
Lounge. 
'a..'dO .... - MlchIga1 State College 
r:A Hliman MedIcine DIreC!or of Recruitment 
will be here to talk to potential medcaI 
school app/Iants. In Conferen<r Room. 
Student Center A career SenIIca 
,....... .... - MMh m Sdence 
problem sets boggIIng.'P' met7 Do you 
'-bor endless hours fIeIIng tNt you MIen't 
gained rrudl7 Do you long br a wllJ to tum 
on that moment of understM'1c1ng7 There Is a 
w'i and it's the topiC of thI! OASIS 
lECH(nique) TALK called MathjSdence 
Problem Solving. Presented by thI! OAS/S 
Reading and Stu~ Skills Center. To siQl'l up, 
call 452-2284. In USB 4010. 

, ... JIII .... - Interested In the Health 
Protesslons 7 Advising appointments 

~aI'" br career p/l6lnIng and pre-
prollessloNl school preparalon. cau career 
SeMces Center at 452-4939 In acMnc:e br 
.., appointment but no NrIer thl6I one 
vveek. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
,...Il00 .... - can the mind be 
COl .bolled7 can you !elm to CDI'ICet ttl ate on 
text without uncDi ltJoIIed side tJlIs7can you 
tum on your creatIVIly • wlII7 'I'ESI 
Concentration .,d crNtMty go hn2 /n 

hand and you can learn to create both, as 
well as deIieIOp the ability to come up vvith all 
those gre. Ideas. those precise evaluations 
of text. " you're in a hulNl'llties or other 
social science course, If you ~ to rNd .,d 
analyze text~QJ~ for d1sQJSSlons..,d 
papers or essay tests-don' t mIss 
Concentration ..,d Creativity: A Workshop In 
Reading ..,d 'ThInking. Pl'esented ~ the 

~/S Reading arid StuOj Skills Center. /n the 
Student Center Conferener /b)m, Bldg. B. 
JIOO 41100 pili - Textbook ~adlng For 
Recall-How many times should you read a 
chapter7 Oncel ThIs workshop shows you 
row to read efIIdently and transfer tedious 
hours Into pro<1Jctive learning sessions. BrIng 
your texttJooks arid learn how to apply 
le;,nIng efIIdeocy tedlnlqUI!S to your 
courses. In the Student Center Bldg. B. 
Conference Room. 

ntUlBDAY 
- Speed ~adlng-How <*l you harIdIe 

three or four courses In 2Yl months? WIth 
maxlrrum reading efIIden<.y1 In this course, 
)OU can expect to 0Jt your reading time In 
half (or more) and Improve your 

~ehensIon, concenUation and recall. 
ThIs free course A:laJses on speed of 
comprehension for UCSD unIversity 
assiglmerlts. Sponsored ~ the OASIS 
Reading and StuOj Sldlls Center. In TCHB 14 J. 
,00001IdO .. - Interested In the 
Health ProfessIons? AdIIIs/ng appointments 
available Ibr career pIamIng and pre-
profesional school preparalon. Gall Career 
Services Center at 452-4939 in advancr Ibr 
an appointment. but no NrIIer tharI one 
V\II!ek. In the Student Center Bldg. A 
1 ... Il00 pili - Graduate School/ 
Law/MBA~ P1ann1rlgon a Graduate, 
Law or MBA degee progran liter UCS07 
Help with admIssion and application 
questions today by appointment only. Call 
career SeMces Center at 45~939 A:lr more 
detailed Inlbrmatlon, In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 

1100 pm - 01-<:ampus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are Int!!!'ested In 
participating in the career Services Center's 
on-campus Intervlevvlng program this 
quarter, it Is mandatory that you attend one 
ot these orIentiItions belbre you intenIIew, In 
the Rellelle Formal Lounge. 
JIOOoJ ....... - W1Shyou had aaystal ball 
to tell you what the IInaI exam questions will 
be? Get the next best thing-the 
TECH(nlquel TAU< on PsychIng out Exam 
0'5. Presented ~ the oAsIs IfucIIng and 

~ SId/is Center. To sIg1 up, caI/ 452-'2284. 
In USB 4010. 
IlOO .... - Your SkUIs-Your Career. ThIs 
career seMces workshOp hefps you identity 
and artkul8 your sldlls a1d rNte them to 
partIOJIar ~ In the Revelle Formal 
J..ounge. 
PlaDAY 
... , ........ - The OASIS Grammar 
and Mechalla Wcrkshop Is des9'Ied br 
students IIIoho INOUk:t like to wcrk on 

~ng bIsIc grarTlfTWltlcal concepts and 
categories and ~ them in an exteoI'1SIW 
systematic serieS 'rJ practical exercises. The 
practler Is valuable Ibr l6ry students who 
hiNe problems writing the col!l)lex English 
sentences demanded In academic writing. 
HI exercise malIJaI to be purchased by the 
student IMII be used. All \NOI'k wiN be 
COIil)Ieted In the context of the wortcshop. In 
USB 4070. 
.... 11100 _ - Grac1late SchooI/ 

Law/M8A~ Planning on a Grac1late, 
Law or MBA degee program ilter UCSD? 
Help with admission and application 
questions today ~ appoII ttlrll!l It only. call 
career Services Cent!!!' at 452-4939 br more 
detaI/ed InIbrrnatlon. In the Student Center 
Bldg. A 1.... .. - The Marketable ResIMTII!' 
\IVoricshop. Leam how to construcl a ~ 

ot-t~art resume! that will lNke you ~ 
out from the crowd, In this ~ reWed 
workshop. Sponsored ~ career SeMO!S 
Center. In the Rellelle Formal Lounge. 
' .... 11100 .. - Interested In the 
Health Professions? ~ appoII me its 
available Ibr career planning m pre-

Tuesday, Fen 19, 1985 13 

professional school preparation, call career 
Servicl!S Center at 452-4939 in iiidv..,er A:lr 
arI appointment. but no earNer than one 
V\II!ek. In the Student Center Bldg. A 

Organizational Meetings 
MONDAY 
,JIOO ... - Weekly Orga1lzatlonal 
Me«Ing Ibr /fENU (Reentry Student Sodal 
OrganlUltlonl. In the Muir De.,'s otner. 
nlUlMY 
IlOO .... - Ret}'ClIng Coop MeetIng and 
Free C~ meal. JoIn usl We need new 
members a1d Ideas. At the ~ Cafe. 
7100 ..... - Wl6It to pllIJ soccer against the 
Economics taculty7 Come to an 
orga'llzatlonal meefJng in oftIer #4 lbcNe 
the Student Center Game Room for more Info 
and to slQI'l up, EMSSA 

Recreation 
n_DAY 
7100 pili - ucso Outing ClIb meets to 
disQJSS upcoming outings Uke cross-country 
skiing. backpacking and canoeing. E\Ieryone 
welcome. In the Rec. Conference Room . 
.... pili - Colloquia: Music and 
Contemporary Sodety: "Patron and PI'odJcrr 
the FInal Word7' At CME 4OB. Warren 
campus, II. pili - Brand new Tang-Soo Do ClIb 
forming. Drop ~ for open workouts on 
Tuesditfs and ThursdcJys at 8 :30-10:OOpm.At 
the West Balcony of the Main Gym. 
THURSDAY 
....... pm - Language Tables; Come 
and COrM!l'Se In Frendl, Gerrnarl or SpanIsh 

~ dinner. AI/ Intl!l'ested brelg'I language 
students are most welCDme-meal atds or 
cash baSIs. Native spealcers can have meals 
paid A:lr-call 455-0157 Ibr information. In 
the South DInIng Hall of the ReIIeI/e 
cafeteria. 
IlOO .... - EMSSA presents professors 
Mark Madlina and IJJIs Guasch of the 
Economia DepiWtment A:lr some "uve" 
entertainment In the TrIton PUb. 
PlllDAY 
..... 100 pili - RENU (Reerltly Students 
Sodal Orga'llutlon) TGIF. 
IlOO pm - Rova: Conter'f1)Ol'aty Saxophone 
OJartet on l6OUnd-the-lNOrId tour. TIckeb 
available at UEO and at the door. In 
Mandeville Recital Hall. General admission: 
S5.00; Farulty/Staff: S3.00. 
IlOO a 10100 .... - "4B Hours." Sta"rlng 
Eddie Mu~..,d Nick Nolte. Sponsored ~ 
the UCSO Ski RacIng Team. TIckets on sale at 
the Box omce Ibr B & 10 pm showings at USB 
2722 $I,so. 

IAn.mAYUlINDAY 
1tOO .... 1 .. ~. Il00 ............ -
Handel: "L'AIIegro: ~.JoIIa CIvtc lkWersIty 

Symp~ and Chorus, DavId CNse, 
conciIctor. T1ckeb ~1abIe at UfO and at 
Itle door. In MandelllIIe AudItorIum, Gen, 
AdmIssIon; S5.00; Students: 53.00. 
SA'I'UDIlY 
- UCSO SaIlors COITlM!te in the prestlglous 

Douglas Cup. At Long Beach. 
7100 ....... - Cross-Country Ski Day 
Tt1> to Mt SIn JacInto via Palm SprIngs AerIal 
TrilmWllJ. Cost includes tr a1SpOf'tation, 
tralTlWllJ ticket. skis, poles, boots, optloNl 
basic lesson. For beginners as well as 
experienced. SIgn up at OCR: Car1)01VIew. 
S30.00. 

, ........ - UCSO Men's Ru~ Tean 
u~ to Occ::ldental to facr thI! Ox}' TIgers. 
JIOO .... - UCSO WOI'lil!ll'S Laaosse Team 
opens their season hosting Claremont 
College. Come cheer on our young 
Laxwomen. At ThIrd FIeld. 
'100 .... - UCSO Men's Lacrosse Team = host to cal Berkeley. Be therel At Mu/r 
MO .... - CasIno Nightl IIttI Annual 
extrAl.,za. P1l1J for run ..,d outrageous 
prizes. Keno, ~ BKc.Irat. Craps, 
Poker, bJlette, Chuck-.lIck. \Xh1ftI of 
Fortune. entertainment by "SIde Street" 
Refreshments. In the MaIn G)m Donation 
S200. 



T 

14 Tu,·,tl<lV. Feh 19, 1985 

~ .~¢.o .~ 
By MICHAEL s~ 
FORGET I til ,,(,OR I .... III prll-il'ssllln.d IITl'>tling . .md hllxmg-there, something lrImlll.!1 gOing 
on 111 the seeuy undelworlu ul goll The 
nx IS dl'hllltely Ill . Wh) l'6e \l'ould 
gro\\ n men. L.lp,lhle llf sust.!inll1g 
normal JLlhs. he gll'Cn huge sum, of 
money lor t.lklllg slrolls around a PJrk 
III glcal11lng doubleknll polycster 
perm,lpre,s slacks, tedIously wkmg 
SWlllgs ,II a b,11I ,IS slowly .md 
dehbemtcly .IS they possibly can] Wh} 
would Am.m.1 (the Rad.lr Range penpit: ) 
pay pro gol er Torn Kitt' S50.000 to we.lr 
a har wuh theIr trademark on u) Dll the 
people .It Amana like Tom Kuc? W 
did he ever do for them? Does he 
know someth ing] What's the hlg 
deaP 

Woody Blackbum. the wi nnn 
of the Isuzu-And)' Williams San 0 1 
Open. scu red S72.oo0 for comlllg <lut on 
top. Thous.!nus turned our for the 'pect-
acle. totlllg coolers around the huge ex-
pimse 01 Torrey Pines Golf Course. risk ing 
theIr lives to st,md on those funy little 
canes !lUt fold out to become scats JUSt 
to get a ghmpse 01 Ihe pros. 

And you may .Isk yourself. where does 
th IS all lead to? Good quest ion . There 
.Ire those uneduGI!l:u phIlIstines who 
might say that goll I, horing. that u's .lil 
orgalll zed tIIne-kllling .• 1 bunch 01 men 
anned \\'uh dubs t.lklllg iI wa lk. 

Which IS g,lrb,lge . Anyone \l'ho has 
tried golf knows Ih.1I It IS a most 
eXiisper.lIl1lg. exhlkr.Hlng challenge. 

There IS the true story (so help me 
Gou ) 01 .1 guy who pIcked a golf duh up 
lor the IlrSI lIIne Jnd smacked .1 hole-
in-one. Alter he watched the h,11I drop 
imo the (lIp. he turned to his p.tnner 
and ,Isked. "So wh,lt's Ihe hig deal?" 

~'l whal. Inueed~ II mil}' nOl be the 
tops In .lctlLln; Ihere's no body 
checkmg. t.lCkltng Llr high sticki ng. but 
what It LICks In vloknce is m,lde up 1 n 
,Iccuracy .lIld conSIStClll)'. It ,eem~ th,1t 
Amana I~ mure wdlmg ILl spClld mone), 
JUSI (() be ,ls~ocl"ted with .1 m.1Il who IS 
conslstenl anc.J .llC UrJte 

Then there .trL' the h,lckers who Ire.\[ 
Ihe g,lme ,IS ,I way, 01 I'cnllng .lgre~~lon 
Inste.ld <11 Clllllmliing II, Irustr,ltcd men 
who t.lke m<lre pk·.lsu rc In Ihro\\,lng 
dubs and driVing lull s ()\'L'r the he.ld~ III 
the foursome pl.I}'l ng nh-s()-,Iowly ,lheJd ~ 
()f thclll than thl'} do 01 gmlng.1 hlrd} /' . ( 

But. Ihell .Ig.lln . \l'h} nOll I:vCIl thL' "I ~ , 
pros ~weilr ,I hll .tIter Illl !>!>- hllting J l hlP:' / n..~.J,. .. ' ~~., ( ... ,.' d~' ' 

I '1~ ." . .a .,. ... ,'" ",... . ~. . • "hOI. hu t onl), d tlere arc no C,lIner.l!> '::,.' ~~..,. , .... '.. • ,'.' .... . • . I " -
. ~!..- ~ ... .... ,. ,. ".".I-t,,. '*J 

,Iround. BUI wh ), ho.uldn t ,I goll pro get " ~'~ " t:': ~ . ',. ;' .'i';l~; ~:' '''; ~ .. .;,. 
pIS I'd li ke John MlEn roL'. Ihrow Ill!> .. ' ., J."J:~ . , ~"~'. ~.:/;~, -r .• fI. .' ,11: , .' 
duhs .Iround . s mash CilineriiS i1nd do :..;.::~ •. ~: ,~~'(!Ji,F~\. :~ ,; .. '"i . .'~"'':' '. >:~. 

. . 

: - .,.> ,: ' .:":~:. ; ':' ::.:, ... . 
, .' •• '. ~. -' .' '. 1 • 

., .' , ..... : ..... : .::. ":: ... >:-. ~:,..,, 

the "ltppelY eel Lli contrLli. the 
cheerleader In high sc hoollh,\[ everyone 
wa nted to d.lle . ThL' Imposslhle Dre,lm. 

There an: Ihose who Jusr give up on 
Ihe drealll o f accuracy, forgel .. bout holl' 
m'lIl)' st rokes il takes ill get on the 
green , Just as long ,IS they do it. These 
people are the types who conSider it 
absolutely necess.IIY to hnng beer on the 
course. and whenever pOSSible 10 get 
their hand !> on an electric can because 
golf can drunk driVing IS "almost ,IS fun 
.15 golllllg Itself." They take pleasure in 
playing Cross Country Goll . spending 
the da}' pLlying Irom onc end of the golf 
course 1O rhe other like it's one big hole. 
Their clubs ilre rusted and mismatched. 
illld were ellher slOlen or picked up at a 
garage sale lo r 20 bucks from some poor 
widow who had no Idea what Ihe Ihll1gs 
were wonh . 

And then there arc the mythical 
Action Golfers. Ihe ones who elevare the 
spon inlO an act of sheer, brutal 
aggressIon. These men carry shotguns 
wilh Ilaired muzzles lo r eXIra dist,lIlce 
in their tee shots, and use Louisville 
Sluggers ilS standard equipment. These 
men. like th e Banzai Runners of rhe 
nation 's highways. are rarely seen. It's 

nown . howeve r. Ihat they tend 10 
gasoline powered snowmobiles 

Ihe traditional electric ca ns lor 
and powerlul transport ,Iround Ihe 

All 0 1 the .Ibove Gill he lound o n 
Torrey !'lIles Golf Course alter Ihe hours 
of lour o'dock That's when the swrter's 
olTice doses and Ihe course becomes 
open. ince Torre)1 Pines is Oil public 
land , anyone ciln play on it after hours. 
Which mellns that one can cnjo)' a 
quality (a lbeil difficult) golf C(lurse lor 
Iree. a lilr cry from staunch LOunrf)' 
dubs where pruol 01 lanued gcntf)' IS 
needed bdore paylllg hundreds or 
Ihou5.lIlds 0 1 dolilrs 10 gLl hack around . 

~n what's the hlg deal? Another gOLld 
quChlion . !'rllless lon.11 goll IS CIl lllrol. )" 
is how I IIlg. Why would ilnyonc w,Hch 
either 'pon? 

Llilers watch profession.1i golf. l'eLlpk 
who know what II t.lkes . who know Ih,1I 
It J U~I ISI1'l kn~JCk lllg ,I hall around .1 
p.lrk. hUI ge tting II III the hoil: \I'lthollt 
expenendng rough . S,IIlU ,lIld Iree~ In 
Ihe Ille.lll1l1ne It ·s.1Il allelllpt IO.Juggle 
power alld deltc,\L'Y. rhe gaml' l!> n'l ,Ill 

_.". ....... Intiustf)': II 'S an ,In. 
~' ) \Vh.1I tine ,; Ih.1I IlIl·.m ~ A Illl «) 

Wood y Bl.tckhurn \l'hll . • lller .1 long 
... ... ~ ,lIlern/lon ;n lorre}' I'II1e5 yeslerday. Mi.~l"'~ sccufl'd hi hr~ t lIlulvldual PC,A tour 

• • vic ll I)'. Alter Ihe ~moke cleared lrom a '!. 
ct 

' ;--" lourth-hoi<.:. !> uddcll -Ueath pLlyo fi with "" other mVI.11 childlike things? Olher .~ ',-, ;,' ~ ,~. - ~.~ , -~.,~ ~\;"~;fjf~~~,jj'~ h J ' JIfIII..~ 1,.1; .,. '~l'-.IrN '.) playe rs Will unuerstand. Everyone w 0 ';: .. .. .. of!">,:. ., I.,.:" ( ".. . :~ . " 
"" I .! , ~ "" '=', {~ , has spent time on ;1 coursc knows Ih,lt :(-'\;,.,. ; ; 1:,'"'''' . : .... I."'" r: ":: " .... . _ ....... ~_ .. ,.. .. 

accuracy IS th e lease 01 the game. It's -; .,. ... !.-. ~. of • '. . '.. .... ' .~, ,. • 
.., . - ... . J • it.. • ... -, . .. • the highest level of hacker C,lIlCIOUsness.' • . . ," ... " ,. . . .. • "" ~~~ ' ;' .... ' 

• " . ~; Ron Ireck. BI,lckburn was .1 proud ~ :-:~~ owner 01 a 72-hok' 101,11 01 19,ulldcr-par £ 
1 ' .. ' t ' 261,) . matchmg Tom Watson's j 

, • • ttlurnament re(llrJ . rt I,I!>I year. 1m '" 

Tuesday. Feb. 19, 1985 l' 
'SPt>ILTS " 

• ". • .N .r, .~ 

Basketball's playoff chances are nil 
UCSD will stay home 
By MATI lAIT 

The Tritons are 12-12 (2-9 on the 
road) after lasl Friday night'S 
embarrassing 9l-79 loss against the 
Point Loma Nazarene Crusaders. 

UCSD played uninspired ball for 
a!:nosr Ihe emire game. In the first half 
the team shOt only 38%. with the ball 
going everywhere but in the hoop. Just 
before the end of the half, Triton guard 
Randy Bennett, who was one of the 
team's only bright Spots with 20 points 
for Ihe night . went for a lay-u p and 
appeared to get fouled . When Ihere was 
no call by the official. UCSD coach Tom 

Marshall went to complai n. He prOtested 
a bit too perSistently for the referee and 
was thrown out of the game. The 
Tritons went IntO the lockerroom trailing 
47-3 l at the half. 

Early in the second half. the 
Crusaders expanded their lead to 21 . 
One of UCSD's main problems was the 
lack of defense in the middle of the key. 
This situation was not helped by the' 
facl that 6-:8. 265-lb. cemer Mike 
Dabasinskas was silting on the bench 
for disciplinary reasons. 

UCSD finally staned to make a run at 

Build a career on 
your language skills 
at the 
Monterey Institute of 
Intematlonal Studies 

Graduate Study - The Monterey Inslitute specializes 
in graduate language studies andcareer-oriented programs 
for students with slrong language backgrounds. Master's 
degrees are offered in lhe following areas : Internalional 
Managemenl (MIBA), International Policy Sludies. 
Internalional Public Administration (MIPA), Language 
Studies, Translalion and Interpretation, Teaching 
English 10 Speakers of Other Languages (TESOl). 
Teaching Foreign Languages (MATFl) . 
Undergraduate Study - The Monterey Institute offers 
Junior and Senior level coursework leading to the BA 
degree in a variely oflanguages. International Policy 
Studies. and social sciences. 

Inlenslve Summer Lanauaae, June to Alllust -
Inlensive course for beginning and intermediate 
language studenls. Up to 12 semester units of credit . 
Arabic. Chinese (Mandarin), English (ESL). French, 
German, Italian. Japanese. Korean. Portuguese. Russian 
and Spanish. Language hou~savailable . 

A school represenlative will visit this campus: 

FEBRUARY 20, 1985 
Please make arrangements with: 

career Planning and Placarent 
For more informalion. conlact Monterey Inslitule of 
Inlernalional Studies. Office of Admissions, 
425 Van Buren, Monterey. CA 93940. 

-BOOK NOW-
FOR LOW SUPER SAVER FARES 

OVER SPRING BREAK. 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

th e Crusaders by putting on a full-court 
press. However. even Ihough the taClic 
helped cut the lead 10 nine, it was 100 
litde roo late, and Point Lorna held on to 
win by a comfortable 12-point margin. 

Marshall commented afler the loss, 
"We didn't play well . (Pr. Lorna's Greg) 
Kimball is good, but we made him look 
like a star. [The Crusader forward 
scored 38 poims). Hopefully, we can pUI 
rhis game behind us and play well 
Tuesday." 

UCSD, which now has no hope of a 
playoff invitalion despite an 8-0 record 
in conference matches, will play its last 
two remaining games al home. The first 
of these is against USIU on Tuesday as 
the capper of the Double Bubble 
Basketball Games. The Triton women 
play first at 5:45 against Cal Baptist 
before the men take the COUrt at B. 
There will be a bubble-blowing contest 
at halflime. with prizes and handfuls of 
gum for many of the fans who show 
up. 1m 

Despile a recenl win over Fresno Pacific , 
Greg Kamansky and Ihe rest of Ihe Trilons 
were down and out againsl PI. Lorna. 

MUIR 10 & 20 STUDENTS ACT FAST! 
Limited Enrollment 

Don't wait to find out (including graduating seniors) 
that the sections you wanted, and all others, are 
already closed. Act Now! 
Class descriptions available: Thurs. Feb. 21 , HSS 2346. 

Depanment stamp available: 
Seniors & Juniors: Friday, February 22nd. 

Sophomores &: Freshmen: February 2S-March 1 
Feb. 25 (Mon.) &: Feb. 26 (Tues .). office opens 8:30 am. 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 

1985-1986 
-

Applications are available at the Muir Residence 
Halls Office through Tuesday, February 26 with job 
referral #OW4239 available at Student 
Employment. 

Application deadline is Friday, March 1. 
Call 452·4200 for additional information. 

Graduate Management 
Study in Israel 
Boston University 
and 
Ben-Gurian University of the Negev 

Master of Science 
in Management 
Full-time study in Israel-One year program 
Taught in English-Full Campus facilities 
Leam about thit elldrinl educational venture at the open meetilli' 

Sunday. Feb. 24, +6 pm 
San Diqo State 
An..: unter 
Room K-N 
San Diqjo, CA 

Monday, Feb. 25, J·S pm 
U.C.L.A. 
Placement and Career 
Plannin& unt.r 
405 Hilprd AV<'nue 
Los Ani"les, CA 
(Sill" up at the unter 
If you plan to attend 
the meeting.) 

Refreshments will be served. 

Tuesday, Feb. 26, 12-2 pm 
California State-Northridge 
University Student Union 
Balboa Room 
1811 Nordoff 
Nonhridt!e,CA 

For information about the open meeting and a copy of the 
Prosram Booklet call: 
617/353-2987 
or write: 
Director. Oradua~ ProtP'am in Israel 
Bolton University Metropolitan College 
7SS Commonwealth Avenue 
Bolton, MuaachUldtl 02215 



16 Tuesday. FrI>. 19. 1985 

, .. '"', .. '.;t:, W .... '" .... .. ...... ".:t .... >.' ;., . >, 

ALBAN BERG QUARTET 
Mazan's Quartet in C Major, K.465 

Berg's Quartet, Opus 3 
Schuben's Quartet in A minor, D.894 

February 26, Tuesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $13.00, UCSD St. $5.50 
Tl~m\ON ' (j)TELETRON" 

& UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
presented by UCSD University Events Office 

Spring Quarter 1985 
FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 113 
Tues/ Thurs 2:30-3:50 USB 2722 
FRONTIERS OF MODERN MEDICINE 
Prof. Paul D. Saltman, A 
Department of BiolOlY .,..!.. )~. -

Fronrie" of Modem Medicine presents some of 
the most creative and articulate medical scientists in 
a series of lectures devoted to explaining the 
fundamental problems that exist in their particular 
fields of medicine. Further. as it relates to thOle 
major unanswered Questions. This course is 
designed for majors in the humanities. arts. and 1OC~1 ~iences who have t~e 
literacy of science imparted by the Revelle lower diVISIon sequence (or I!, 
equivalent) and are interested in maintaining an~ furtheriD(l their 
understanding of the interface of science and our socIety. as well as the 
personal impact of scientific developments on their lives. 

Guest Lecturen 
Sidney Sobin. AMES 
MarshallJ. Orloff. Surgery 
John S. O·Brien. Neurosciences 
Dan T . O·Connor. Medicine 
Raphael B. Durfee. Reproductive Medicine 
J. Allen McCutchan. Medicine 
Jerrold M. Olefsky. Medicine 
Nathan J. Zvaitler. Medicine 
Dernot F. Walter. Pathology 
Robert Katzman. Neurosciences 

Gordon N. Gill. Medicine 
Helen M. Ranney, Medicine 
Dorothy R. Hollinpwor'th. Repro. Medicine 
Ralph Shabe1ai. Medicine 
lvor' Royston. Cancer Center 
Richard Coutu. Suzvery 
Robert O. Petendorf. Dean. Med. School 
Alan F. Hofmann. Medicine 

Topics covered include T ranaplants. Gene Therapy, Hypertension. Test Tube 
Babies. Arthritis. Alzhelmer's Disease. AIDS. Diabetes. Cancer. 
Cardiovascular Diseases. Orthopedic Surgery. Fertility Problema. Sickle Cell. 
GastroenterolOllY. and more. 

For more informadon lee Lee Nichola or Ann Ramirez in Room 1 S ~ Z. 
Humanities Library Duildin .. xJJ 11. 

TRITON PROMOTIONS PRESENTS 

'-

~ .--J .) 9flZ "" ;::/ ~ ~ 1\11';. 
; !f V 

• 6. .",f 
A BASKETBALL DOUBLEHEADER 

5:45-UCSD Women vs Calif. Baptist 
B:OO-UCSD Men vs US International 

Tuesday, February 19, Main Gymnasium 

exciting Collegiate Action Will Include: 

A Dubble Bubble "Bubble-Off" competition at halftime of the 
Men's Game. 
The introduction of "Miss Dubble Bubble" and "Baby Bubble". 
A Dubble Bubble "Grab-AU" at game's end. 

BE THEREI 

~ATURDAY. FE:8RUARY QJ 
8 PM • MAIN GYM 

.. 

Tuesday. Feb. 19. 1985 17 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

Avant-garde Jazz 

February 22, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Rm. B-210 

G.A. $5.00, Students $3.00 
UCSD Fac/StafI/Sr.Cit $4.00 

(j)1l0tiETiU1N® 
u....-__ & UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 __ ~ 

YOU ARE 
CORDIALLY 

IN\JIT€D 
TO 

THE: G~ E:IlENT 
OF THE VE:~R 
* Uve Entertainment 
* Refreshments 
* $500 worth of Free Chips 
* exciting PrIzes 
* Gaming Tobles: 

Blackjack, Keno, Crops, 
Chuck<l-Iuck, . Roulette, 
Poker, 'NheeI of Fortune 

8 pm to Midnight S2 Donation 
Open to UCSD Students. Faculty. Staff. and Friends 

Department of Physical Education x4037 

-



ASUCSD 

OURCE 
Students Organizing University Resources 

through Community Exchange 

Mandatory Meeting 
All students participating in the SOURCE 

project must attend one of these meetings. 
Wednesday, Feb. 20 or Thursday, Feb. 21 at 3 
pm in the North Conference Room in the 
student center. 

Thi. i. Your I!!$il wa riling 
,,,.1,. 

t it or The Koala ge S 
ASUCSD 'Constitution 

Referendum 
Tuesday, February 19 and 
Wednesday, February 20. 

Looking for a way to spice up the quarter? 
The Associated Srudents Internship Office has 

immediate openings fo r four new internships: Museum of 
Photographic Ans, Pacific Bell , San Diego Chamber of 
Commerce and Laura Walcher &: ,Associates (Public 
Relations). So, if you are interested in public rela tions, 
communications, education or business, stop by for more 
information now. We are located above the gameroom in 
the student center and our phone number is 452-4689. 

Check out the LOW prices on 
dresses by Levis at the 

General Store Coop 
open 8:45-5 pm Man-Fri. 

Located in the Student Center 

A grudge match 
The EMSSA vs. Economics Faculty occer match will he 

held Sunday, Feb. 24 at 2 pm on Revelle Field . 
Refreshments wi ll be provided before, during and alter the 
match . 

Call 452-4450 for details or 
stop by the AS Offices above 
EDNA in the Student Center 

Risk'y Business 
Tickets are still available for the Spring All-Cal ski trip to 

Jackson Hole, Wyoming. March 23-30.Just $287 at the box 
office. The trip includes deluxe accomodations, 5-days of 
lift tickets , transportation and tons of events. There are a 
limited amount of spaces left so buy early. For more info 
dial XJACKSONHOLE, then hang up and dial X4037. RIse 
is planning a weekend trip to Mammoth Mountain on 
March 2. Price TBA. Keep on the lookout for posters and 
ads in the Guardian. 

Next Sk~ Club meeting is Wednesday, Feb. 20 at 8 pm in 
the Rec. Conference Room. Mammoth and Jackson Hole 
info available. Our office hours are TW 10-1 at the Canyon 
View rec offices. X4037. 

Learn about Meditation 
Classes in simple techniques for meditation. Enjoy 

Peace, Purity and Dynamism. USB 4030 from 4 to 5 pm on 
Wednesdays. Sponsored by Peace Meditations at UCSD. 
For more information call 459-2002. 

Big Lacrosse Weekend! 
Saturday, Feb. 23 at 7 pm 

vS. U C Berkeley. 
Sunday, Feb. 24 at 5 pm 

vs. UCLA 
Check out the action 

Finals are ~pproaching 
Quarter Notes can help. 

(Formally called Lecture Notes) 
Classes currendy covered: 

Bio: 1, 19, 101 , 155 
Chern 6A (Sc hlessinger &: Tilley) 
Chern 6B (Sawrey & Trogler) 
Comrn Hip 100 

Just added: Psyc 3 
We are ope l1 9-3 M-F al1d Quarter Notes are $11 .00. We 
are located il1 th e Student Ce l1 ter across f rom the Food 
Co-op. 452-6238. 
Old Note Available for: BIO 106 Econ 100 R. EE S '50B. 
SM.OO 1m the whole ~et. 

For a good time call 452-4450 
Ask for Sue lewis orJohn Trumpler. They will tell 

you about tfie 1985 Sun God Festival Planning 
Committee and a general interest meeting on 
Thursday, Feb. 21 at 6:30 in the South Conference 
Room. Get involved with the best thing that ever 
happened to UCSD. Come on .. .it'll be fun. 

Attention: All Student Drgs. 
Don't forget to bring Forms Band C and your 
underwrite to the meeting on Thursday, Feb. 21 
in Peterson Hall 102 at 6 pm. 

DDDDDdDDODDODOOOODODDDDDDDD 
\ 

The Women's Resource Center 
Informal TGIF Parry at the Women's Resource Center. 

Refreshments, fun, talk. All Welcome. Friday, Feb. 22 from 
3-5 pm at the WRC (next to the food coop). 

Women-Loving-Women support group happens every 
Monday from 4:30-6 pm at the WRC. Confidential and 
accepting. 

Feminist Rap Sessions every Wednesday from 4-5:30 
pm at the WRC. Come get a new view of the world. 

Mitral Valve Prolapse (MVP) stress and anxiety support 
group. Do you have this condition? Come find out how to 
deal with it. Wednesdays 3-4:30 .. pm in HSS 2056. 

LIA news for you 
The Laser Institute of America will be having a meeting 

on Wednesday, Feb. 20 from 6-8 pm at Peterson Hall 103. 
Dr. Edward G. Malk, director of R&D at Medical Laser 
Center will be taking on the subject of "Medical Lasers." 
This talk reviews current efforts in the field of medical 
lasers and discusses the challenges and opportunities for 
product development in this field . Anybody who is 
interested is welcome to attend. 

T~rsday. Feb. 19. 1985 19 

Friday, Feb. 22 
Peterson 110 at 7 pm. FREE 
It is easy to earn at the Food Coop 

For only 2 hours a week of your time you can earn a 25% 
discount on all food and 25¢ an hour food credit at the 
Food Coop. We're looking for new volunteers to help us 
out. For more info come to the North Conference Room on 
Wednesday, Feb. 20 at 2 pm or stop by the Food Coop 
anytime. 

Eddie Murphy at UCSD 
Eddie Murphy (in his highly acclaimed film debut) and Nick 
Nolte in 48 Hours , the film that creates a spine-tingling 
scenario of raw action, street politics and inner city tension. 
Screens on Friday, Feb. 22 at 8 and 10 pm in USB 2722. 
Tickets on sale at the Box Office now and the night of the 
shows. Only $1.50. Sponsored by the UCSD Ski Racing 
Team and Lite Beer. 

Your next step to success 
Pre-meds, Pre-laws, Pre-MBAs and Pre-GREs, there will 

be a special presentation by a Stanley Kaplan prep-course 
representative Wednesday, Feb. 20 at 4 pm in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. She will explain their methods and the 
ways in which you can benefit. 

All you can eat! 
This Wednesday at the Che Cafe from 5-7 pm. 

Enchiladas, Spanish rice and salad all for only $3.00 Come 
down and visit or volunteer, Mon-Thurs 8 am to 7 pm, 
Friday 8 am to 3 pm. South Revelle Campus. The healthy 
way to eat. 

Attention: Student Orgs. 
All submissions for the Bulletin must be turned 

in by Wednesday at noon· for Monday's issue. 
Please put material in the Bulletin mailbox. For 
more information please contact Bob Ames at 
452-4450. 



20 rue day, Ftb. 19, 1985 

ClassIfied advertising space Is sold In 
'OO-character Increments. Each 
letter, punC1Uatlon mark and space 
between words Is consIdered a 
character, wIth capital letters 
countIng as two characters. The rate 
Is $' per 100 characters for students 
and $3 per '00 characters for non-
students. You must come by the offtce 
or mall In )lOur ad, as we require 
payment In advance of publication. 
Deadlines are 5 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 5 pm Friday for 
Monday 's paper. For more 
InformatIon call 452-3466. The 
Guardian, UCSO, 8-0'6, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

-Money, credit. practical experience in writing, fame, fortune, power and the 
chance to put your classified at the top of 
the "announcements" section. Rnd out 
\Nhat else a Guardian internship holds 
for you. 452-6580, ask for Phil Lauder. 
(2/25) 

Ayn Rand Readers and students of 
Ot?jectMsm meeting every Sunday, 11 
am-2 pm. Home Savings of America, 4311 
La Jolla Village Drive, University TOlMle 
Centre. (3/14) 

Violin, viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. Helen 
Martin, 457-0671. (6/6) 

Earn a Free Ski Trip & Sloo.00 cash. For 
information call 714-750-0861. (3/14) 

"So you want to be a Muir HA. 7" Apps 
available. Pick up job referral OW4329 
at Stu Employment. Call 452-4200. 
(2/25) 

Muir HA. apps available through Tues., 
2/26. Pick up job referral #OW4239 at 
Student Employment. (2/25) 

The Food Coop wants your help. Earn 
25% discount on food piUS 50¢ credit for 
'WOrking 2 hours a week. Info meeting 
Wed. Feb. 20, 2 pm in Conf Room or stop 
by the Food Coop anytime. (2/19) 

Greek food I Dimitri's . 145 S. Hwy. 101 
Solana Beach. Lunch, dinner, Sunday 
Brunch. 259-0733. (2/19) 

RISC pres: a Country-Western party, Fri 
nite 2-22 in the rec conf room. Dress like 
jQur fa\.{)rite hick. (2/21) 

Summer opportunityl Uve, travel, study 
in Spain this summer July 2-Aug. 12 with 
small group intermediate to advanced 
students. Earn 8 units credit learning 
from native speakers . Weekend 
excursions plus seven-day Andalucia 
study-tour. For last spaces contact MilS 
AdmiSSIOns/SSt, 425 Van Buren, 
Monterey, CA 93940; (408) 649-3113 x-
44. (2/211 

Interested in discussing nuclear arms 7 
AJI are welcome to a brown bag lunch 
with Prof. Greb Fri. Feb. 22 at noon in 
the Multi-Purpose Room. (2/21) 

Tutor for O. Chem. 140 A Call early 
morning or late evening. 944-1438. 

~r. (2/19) 

Want to make at least S50/day 
wo/interrupting your studies. Call 
anytime. Damon & Channing 942-5436. 
(3/11) 

The last day to buy your Jackson Hole 
tickets is Mar. 8. Don't miss outl Just 
S287 gets you 5 da}'5 of skiing, accoms, 
trans and fun Mar. 23-30. RISC meeting 
2-20, 8 pm, rec conf rm. Jackson Hole & 
Mammoth info. (2/21) 

Lose from 10-29 Ibs in just one month 
guaranteed or your S back. Call anytime, 
Damon & Channing 942-5436. 13/11) 

mil Ilfjilll I I 
'68 \/\XI bug. Rebuilt dual port engine. 
Nevv tires, upholstery, muffler. Runs 
great. S15oo. John 453-4958. (2/19) 

1983 Honda NC 50 Express motorcycle, 
80 mi/gal. 1860 mi. Mechanics repair 
manual. $300. 450-0765. (2/21) 

Tama Imperialstart 5 pc. drum set. Black, 
w/Zildjian cymbals. Pro quality. Call 
Dave, 453-5440. (2/21) 

1975 Datsun B-210, exIt. mech. cond., 
am-fm stereo cassette, 30 mpg, SI900. 
Audrey 450-9052 after 5 pm. (2/21) 

Stereo: Sony receiver, new $450, now 
SII9. Akai receiver, nevv S250, now S119; 
Bic turntable, new SI80, now S69t 
Pioneer receiver new SI30, now S59; 
Sansui receiver, new S270, now S129. 
Surfboard, S39. Call Thilo 942-3342. 
(2/25) 

Kinksl TIx for Wednesday night, 9th row 
floor, only S20 each. Also 4 sale, Princel 
Call Keith 436-8041. (2/19) 

BASS/KEYBD AMP. Excellent Fender 2-
Channel/70 watts per. Groove tubes, 
ground switch, all great shape. 
S200/offer. Mike 286-9825. (3/4) 

7' WI.! Superbeetle; overhauled engine, 
new tires, excellent shape. S2095 or best 
after 6.450-1476. (2/21) 

For sale: Compact stereo system by 
Sanyo. Double tape deck, graphic 
equalizer, tuner and speakers. Need to 
pay rent. S165. Call Canole at 457-1943 
or 452-6580. 

lAHHt61111111 
Subjects needed for perception 
experiments. Pay is S5/hr. Call Richard 
8atch at 453-4100 ext. 548 or ext 222 
between 10 and 2. (2/19) 

Wanted: Tutor for help in a graduate 
level microeconomics course. Call 296-
9006. (2/21) 

HiMilliH 
Female to share room 5 min. walk to 
school. S200/month. Pool, jacuzzi. 450-
9052 Uz. Keep ttying. (2/19) 

Roommate needed: Gen. Hlands single 
S2oo/share rm. S165 utilities xtra. 
Nonsmoker. Call Todd 452-8095. (2/21) 

Fem needed to share large rnstr bdrm-
spadous condo, U V11ge area, pool. 
jacuzzi . . . great environmentI Only 
S182.5011 Call eves. 450-0155. Robin, 
Cathy, Julie. (2/28) 

Beach living rm/bord in xchnge 4 
partime kidcare. Tennis, pools, 2 great 
kids. Own car. Mitch 942-1339 wkdays. 
(2/191 

Room for rent, Mira Mesa house, 
S212/mo & 1/4 utilities. 10 min. from 
campus. Call Dominick, Jim, or Yong . 
695-8474. (2/21) 

Wanted: housemate for house in La 
.Jolla. Private room and bath. Near 
beach. Rent: S275. Call 459-6899. (3/7) 

Great cookl Quiet neat easy~ing, 
smoking, junior. Seeks 01Ml room in 
beach house/condo. La Jolla-Solana. 
Please call 454-2492 after 10 pm/M-F. 
(2/19) 

Room 4 rent/3 houses from beach/no 
dep nec/spr. qtr only/Fumished Msh 
8ch/Sngl rm S220/mth. 270-6353. 
(2/21) 

We have a great room to share. All the 
trimmings : pool, jacuzzi, garage, 
micrwave. I mile from school. Only 5230 
plus 1/4 of util. Give us a call in the 
evenings at 452-7372. 12/211 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
SI.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Andy 
Laurence 279-8056. (3/14) 

Burke Secretarial-Quality typing' 
Spelling correct-Rush jobs 
spedalty/Flexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842. (3/14) 

TYPING/\XIORD PROCESSING: many 
type styles to choose from, spelling and 
punctuation errors corrected, pick-up 
and delivery, quality work, FASTIlI 
S2/page (double spaced). Call 
Interactive Micro Systems at 452-9949. 
(3/11) 

EXPERT TYPING, Word Processing & 
Tape Transcription. Reasonable rates. 
The Key Word, 459-5818. (3/14) 

Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling correct-Rush jobs 
spedalty/Flexible hrs. La Jolla. 457-
3842. (3/14) 

Stereo receiver have a blolMl channel? 
Repair S35. 30 day guarantee. Lee 299-
5557. (2/19) 

You will love your bOdy and so will he. 
Bikini bod~s waxed. 8950 Villa La Jolla 
Or. Call 457-2003. (2/19) 

Super typing . Spelling corrected . 
Accurate and high-quality. Same day 
service. 16 yrs. eXPo Near UCSD. Call Fery 
452-1393. (2/21) 

Transcription. Standard cassette or mini.' 
SI.50 pp/draft/no proof. Full typing 
service. 450-1509. (2/19) 

Housesitting. Will sit for prof. going on 
leave for 1 mo. plus. Xlnt refs. David-
225-6995, 226-4318. (3/14) 

Uke to dance? Have a party. Need a OJ 
or some sound equipment. Call .John-
the cheap OJ. 453-0640. (2/19) 

Suzanne Nelson-\Xhlere are you7 call 
MD (2/21) 

INSURANCE WARI We'll beat any price 
or ~ don't want your business. TIckets, 
accidents, sports cars, good 
driver/srudent discounts: all ~Icome. 
call 286-1135. Request UCSD PlAN. 
(3/14) 

Greek food I Spanakopita, SowJaki, 
Gyros, Pastitsio, Baklava. Mmmmi 
Dimitri's, Solana Beach. 259-0733. 
/2/19) 

Kirei, This rude boy ~ teddybears, 
Mickey MOtM, and talking with rude 
girls. Let's get tog~r for breakfast; I've 
never had Pacman Cereal. I like your 
benefits. Larry. (2/19) 

La Jolla Astro Services. Analysis of all 
prospects of your relationship. Call 456-
0626. (3/18) 

Suzanne Nefson-The doctor is inl call 
MD /2/21) 

Mein Geliebter, Wolfka, I've been 
watching your every sensual step. You 
drive me wild. Meet me at 2:15, Wed. in 
the Pub if jQu want some real American 
action II SA (2/19) 

Lost, a t11.3roon wallet and checkbook. If 
found please call Unda at 458-9240. 
(2/2t) 

Lost: To the person who found my tri-
color bracelet, please call me at work 
452-2180 and leave a number where I 
can reach you. (2/19) 

Lost: HP41CV calculator w/case. Has a 
TKW sticker on back. Please call 457-
0690 if found. Rewardl (2/21) 

Found: Orange backpack on 2/14 in 
Revelle lot. Call80b at 295-4442--keep 
trying. (2/25) 


