
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Sports: 
A new men's watDpOlo 

team-in shape and 
talring charge 

PAGE 32 

MONDAY, SEPTEM3ER 3D, 1985 

U 
:J 

News: 
eAS }inds ntw alcohol policy tough 

to swallow 
PAGE 2 

eAn Amphithtatn at VCSD? 
PA ,E) 

VOLUME 56, #2 

'. 

eProf. finds 5,OOO-year-old 
house 

elntramural sign-ups 

e Bloom County 

PAGE) 

PAGE 34 

PAGE 2 



Two countries added to 
EAP 

Two more countries have been 
added to the roster of the 
University of California's 
Education Abroad Program (EAP) 
according to a university press 
release . 

The university WIll seek 
agreements to establish student 
exchange programs at Karl Marx 
University of Economics, 
Budapest, Hungary , and Peking 
University, People's RepublIc of 
China. 

In 1985-86, almost 800 UC 
students WIll enroll In 45 
different universities In 22 
countries, using 12 different 
languages. 

The one-semester program at 
Karl Marx UniverSity, In 
cooperation with the UniverSity 
of Wisconsin , would provide 
students from both US 
universities the opportunity to 
study social sciences with 
emphasis on East Central 
Europe , an area not currently 
represented in the Education 
Abroad Program, according to 
UC Senior Vice President for 
Academic Affairs William Frazer. 

o 

U(: approves South 
Africa-free ponfolio 

University of California 
Regents have approved a new 
South Africa-free supplemental 
retirement fund to which UC 
employees can voluntarily 
contribute . 

The Regents, meeting Sept. 20 
at UClA, agreed to add the 
Calvert Social Investment 
Managed Growth Fund to the 
number of supplemental 
retirement options offered to UC 
employees. 

The Calvert Social Investment 
Managed Growth Fund, which 
was established in 1981 , does 
not invest in companies with 
business activities in South 
Africa, or in companies that are 

involved in the manufacture or 
producnn of nuclear energy or 
weapons systems. In additiot:\, 
the fund shuns investments in 
companies involved in the 
promotion of gambling, or the 
manufacture , sale or production 
of alcohol or tobacco. 

The Regents first considered 
the Idea of adding a outh 
Africa-free fund at their June 
meeting, in which univerSity 
investment poli y was examined. 
At the nme , they called for 
estabhshing one or more su h 
funds to whICh UC facult), and 
staff can invest, In addltlon to 
making their regular retirement 
contributions. 

The Calvert oclal Investment 
Managed Growth Fund is one of 
several funds offered by the 
Calvert Group, a Washington, 
DC-based mutual fund group 
es tablished in 1976. The United 
States Trust Company of Be)5[on 
serves as investment adviser to 
the fund . 

The option will become 
available to UC employees 
beginning Dec. 1 on a deferred-
tax and an after-tax basis. 

o 

Vice Chancellor 
Johnson 
named emeritus 

Herman D. Johnson, who will 
retire from his post as vice 
chancellor of business and 
finance at UCSD after a 37 -year 
career with the University of 
California, was awarded the 
honorary title "vice-chancellor 
emeritus" by the UC Board of 
Regents in late June, a university 
press release said . 

The honor, which becomes 
effective the date of his 
retirement, September 30, is in 
"recognition of his achievement 
in and contributions to the 
University of California ," 
according to the Regents. 
'10hnson will long be 
remembered for his sense of 
fairness, genuine interest, and 

sensitivity in support of his 
staff," the Regents said. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard C. 
Atkinson , who announced the 
honor June 24, noted that "the 
orderly and efficient 
management of rapid growth is 
one of the most di fficult 
challenges in modem society. 
When that growth takes places 
in the complex and 
sophisticated environment of a 
research university , the challenge 
is even greate r," he said. "Herm 
Johnson 's career here at UCSD 
exactly matched a period of 
unprecedented growth . That it 
was so orderly and effective is a 
lasting tribute to his skill , 
patien e, and understanding," 
Atkinson added. "The financial , 
administrative and physical 
org:mizanon of UC D Will serve 
the University and its faculty, 
students and staff for many years 
to come. We are greatly in his 
debt. " 

In July 1955, Johnson accepted 
the position as accounnng officer 
at Scri pps Institution of 
Oceanography. In July 1960, he 
was appointed accounting officer 
for the ne\\~y established general 
campus at San Diego. In March 
1966 he served as acting vice 
chancellor of administration , and 
m April 1969 he was appointed 
to his pos ition as vice chancellor 
of business and finance. 

D 

International Center 
needs tutors 

The UCSD International 
Center, which serves the growing 
campus population of 
international students and 
scholars, needs volunteers to 
tutor in English. 

There are currently some 160 
people from the surrounding 
community who are helping 
foreign scholars learn to improve 
their English , but the 
International Center needs more. 

"Volunteers must be over 18 
and high school graduates, with 
some college education 
preferred," according to Jo Ann 
Wirth, coordinator of the 
American English-in-Action 
program. "They must speak 
English well, and it is helpful if 
they have experienced the 
challenge of learning a second 
language." 

D 

Dr. Richard Whitehill oj Counseling and Psychological Services. 

Mary Rose Alexander - Associa/ed Students ' President. 

Policy makers 
argue alcohol rules 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF, Ntws Editor 

D R RICHARD Whitehill, head of UCSD psychological 
services, said he is satisfied with 
the new residence hans alcohol 
policy which AS President Mary 
Rose Alexander has labeled 
inconsistent, unenforceable and 
destined to force resident 
advisors into the role of police 
agents. 

While on one hand the new 
policies are designed to force 
students to conform to state law 
by eliminating the possibility of 
those under the age 21 acquiring 
alcohol and to prevent excessive 
consumption by eliminating 

effect, are rules banning kegs in 
thr undergaduate residence hans, 
consumption of alcohol in "semi- . 
private" space and the 
possession of alcohol by people 

P&ea!IC rum to page 11 

Editor in Chief 
Phil Willon 

Managing Editor 
Andrew Keeler 
News Editor 

Sean Wagstaff 
Opinions Editor 
Matthew Cronin 

UC budget up 14.1°10 from 1984 

kegs, .it has been argued by 
Alexander that they violate 
students' rights to act as they 
please in their private residence. 
She added that the matter is 
being researched by Legal 
Services. 

Alexander and Whitehill both 
served on the Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse Committee 
(ASAC) which developed a set of 
recommendations which were 
forwarded to Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs Joseph 
Watson for review. But Alexander 
and Whitehill had divergent 
opinions on the subject of 
residence haUs policy, and 
Watson, in consultation with 
resident deans, UCSD chief of 
police John Anderson and 

Copy Editor 
SheUy Simmons 
Features Editor 
Renee Wenrick 
Sports Editor 
John Schacht 

Ans Editor 
Mikel Toombs 

Associate Arts Editor 
Alicia Agos 

Photo Editor 
John Ashlee 

Advenising Manager 

The University of California's 
budget of $1.66 billion represents 
a 14.1 percent increase over last 
year's and affirms the governor's 
and legislature's growing 
commitment to the univerSity, 
UC President David Gardner 
said in July. 

A capital budget of $148.6 
million earmarked for a building 
program accompanied the 
increase. In comparison, William 
Baker, UCs vice preSident for 
budget and university relations 
told the Regents there was only a 
9 percent increase in the overall 
$34.8 bIllion state budget for last 
year. 

The objectives of the budget 
increase are to fortify UC's 
academic prowess by attracting 
first-rate scholars and updating 
instructional equipment. Gardner 
noted that a salary edge has 
already improved the university'S 
success in faculty recruiting. On 

July I of this year, aSSistant, 
associate, and full professors 
received a 5.7 percent salary 
increase, and another increase of 
3.1 percent is due in January. 
University staff WIll get the same 
salary increase as other state 
employees - 16.7 percent 

Baker Cited a parcel of $53.3 
million , which mcludes $6 

million for instructional 
computing, $10 million for 
replacement of obsolete 
equipment, and $5 million for 
plant maintenance. Baker added 
that new engineering facilities 
will be built on the Irvine, San 
Diego, and Los Angeles 
campuses and a renovation of 
existing facilities to house the 
undergraduate computer 
engineering program at UC Santa 
Cruz is also planned. 

The UCs social priorities are 
expanding the partiCipation of 
women and minorities in the 
system, Gardner said . Related 

init.iatives are included in the 
1986-87 funding request. 

The planned expansion of the 
Education Abroad Program is a 
response to California's role as 
an influential society on the 
Pacific coast, Gardner said. He 
added that the UC's former 
county hospitals at Davis, Irvine 
and San Diego will be aided in 
economic self-sufficiency by a 
$15 million temporary subsidy in 
addition to $11.7 million for 
improvement in the intensive 
care units at San Diego and 
Irvine . 

Time lines 
rlt"" ",,(. WIll "PP<'w Munday. IV w"md 
tht ("'''pu. oj UI"Olllll1,1( "1". , d",nte ... 

Nill<. WI! <annut I", exp«ted tv m"e","", 
< "'ryullr . IIlUth,·r'. "wthday 

others, established a more 
stringent policy than Alexander 
had hoped . 

Among the controversial issues 
in the policy, which is already in 

last 'day to pay fees without S50 late fee Cashier closes J pm , , . . . , , " OCl 1 
last day to pay fees with S50 late fee, , . , . , . , , , , , , . , .... , . , .. , . , ., OCl 11 
last day to enroll without 550 late fee ...... , , . , . , , , . , . , , .. , .. , , .. OCl 11 
last day to apply for pan time Slarus . , ... , .. , , ............ , . . . . .. Oct. 11 
last day to drop classes without $3 fee ........ , , , . , .... , , , , . , , , " OCl 11 
Last day to add classes . , . . , ....... , , . , , , .. , , , . , . , .. , , , . , , , .. , " Oct. 11 
Last day to change grading option ".,." ... ,., ' , . . .. , .. , . . , .... , OCl 11 

Jan Hansen 
. Office Manager 
Shendl Diamond 

ThE UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and ThundaYI from 
September dwouab Ju"", exdudln& 
eumllUldoa and holiday periods. 
The Guardian is publUliaf of Ih£ 
51udenlS, by !he IlUdencs, and !'or Ih£ 
Sludents of the University of 
California, San DleKo. Views 
expreaed do not lqlraml the 
opinions or die Rqatcs of thE 
Univeniry of California or the 
Associated ScudeIllS of UCSD. 

~produclion or othEr use of any 
ponIon of this ~ withOUI 
prior 00_ is smedy futtlldckn . 
-198', aU .. hcs anerwd. 

The Guardian welcomes 
submt.ions of _1UCripcs and 
utwork, but assumes no 
rnpotUibilily lOr Ih£Ir fttUm . Our 
oIIkes IR louIcd on !he UCSD 
campuI, southeaac ofRMle Col., 
The BUIIincM 0IIIa Is open 9-12 and 
1-5 wmkdays. SuIncripdoM IR 
... Ilable by mail (or S 15 per 
ocalkmic q_r. 

Mo nday, S~pt ~mber 30, 1985 3 
NEWS 

University considering plans 
for open-air amphitheater 
By DENNIS WOO 

T HE UN IVERSITY IS co nsidering the on-campus constructIOn of an 
open-ai r amphitheater with twice 
the capacity of San Diego State's 
popular structure. 

The site recommended in a 
preltminary repon by UCSD 
Amphitheater Program AdVISOry 
Task Group IS north of the 
Central University Library in the 
undeveloped Finger Canyon , 

One oj severa l amphitheater designs that have so Jar been rejected. 

adjacent to John Jay Hopkins 
Drive . The report estimates a 
cost 01 $5.5 million for the 
construction o f the "canyon 
bowl" amphitheater. 

A wedge-shaped faCility based 
on the natural land topography 
is proposed, with fixed seating, 
capable of accomodating an 
audience of 3,000 to 5,000 
people and overflow crowds of 
up to 10,000 in open grassy 
areas. Possihle lIses for (he 
amphi theater mclude popular 
mUSical performances. 
symphonies, theatre , ballet and 
lecture events 

Chanc.:cllor RIChard Atkmson 
has requested that S 1 mtllton of 
UCSD's 25th Anmversarv fund 
bc earmarked for a Unive rsity 
amphllheater Appropnanng the 
add1l10nal $4 millton rem.a\hs a 
problem. Asso lated Students 
President ~.1ary Rose Alexander 
explained some of the oprions: 
"There's been talk about passing 
a student referendum - haVing 
students fund it. There's also 
been talk about Irying to raise 
more outside money, to get some 
donors Interested 111 donating 
above and beyond the 51 millIon 
they're going [0 raise. The third 
option IS to have an outSide 
vendor - a promoter - come 
on campus, budd the 
amphitheater for us and lease it 

Please tum to page 13 

Oldest structure 
found in Jerusalem 
By NIKI NEWIANDS 

A wcso PROFES OR WHO returned for an elghth 
summer ,Q dig in the arid 

SOil of bibitcal Jerusalem bas 
Jnnoullced dISLO\'e ry of a 5.000-
year-old house, the oldest known 
structure In the anclcnr CHr 

Dr. Richard Friedman, director 
of UCSO's JudaiC Studies Program, 
led a group of 15 students and 
another professor in the archaeo-
logical project which ended in the 
discovery of the house which dated 
back to the early Bronze Age, 
between 2600 and 3000 B.C. 

At the time the house was bUilt, 
nearly 2000 years before King DaVId 
conquered Jerusalem and made it 
the capital of Israel, according to 
biblical accounts, the CHY was 
thought to have only nomadic 
residents. The house , a permanent 
stone structure, challenges that 

theory App.mntl)' the occupants 
mt:ant to !>tay. l'rlcdman said 

Fncdm,ln. an a sociate 
professor 01 Hebrew and 
co mparative lIterature , believes a 
Canaanltc famtl} probably lived 
In the tiny house. The 
Canaal1lte city had been there 
for a long lime," Fnedman said . 
"King DaVld conquered it 
(a round 1000 B.C.) and made it 
hiS per onal property, as was the 
custom of the time." 

In three other houses bUIlt 
around the timc of King 
Hezeklah (eighth century B.C), 
worker; discovered solid stone 
totlets. Each had a large hole in 
it and was set over a cess pit, 
Friedman said. This showed that 
the Israehtes "had indoor 

Please rum to page 9 
----------~-----------------------------------------

The Office of Campus Recreation. 
ASUCSD & I BUD LI§!f! I present:. 
Annual Fall Festival 
on the Green 

Friday. October 4 
lla.m.- 4 p.m. 
~ Urey Lawn 
., 

II UCSO Un~ffi5lrY fvmrs OHlCf PRfSfnfS 111111111111111 

I, Iii I ' I 
,I 

,. , I I I , I 
" j; ! , I ' : 'I I . \ Ii " , ' ,. ,I , I I I I "111 II I ;' iiI , " I II Ir II II ' I I II I 'I 

Hn fVfnlnG WITH WInDmlm Hill'S 

III STORY & m C~~H ~fOGfS 
OClOHffi 9, WmnfSOOY, 8:00 p,m. 

ITlHnofvlll f RUOIlOHium 
UCSD Sl. $5.50, C.R. $9.50 

UCSD tHc/Smn/SA.CIT. $1.50 
-~~~ . 

it::==:===& UCSD Box OHICf: 452-5461 =_ =====I:l 



Letting loose 
"War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only 

as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as 
ability to execute, military plans ... " 

-Macchiavelli, The Prince 
Perhaps a pernicious genius like Macchiavelli, if he were alive today, 

could explain the masses in a royal voice why a public university system 
is fitted to manage two-thirds of a nation's nuclear research - or may 
we clarify - a vast majority of the western world's most pOlent military 
weapons. It is saft' to assume that Macchiavelli would abhor the idea of 
giving so much power to the modem nobility, much moreso the 
technocratic nobility, even if they are being held accountable to the 
higher echelons of government. Real Politik has changed immensely 
since the time of biudgeoning kings, queens , princes and dukes. Active 
theorists like the Prince might well consider the structure of government 
in the United States a historic aboli1i!1ation. Putting the schematics of 
one literary tyrant aside , the problems posed by UC m~nagement of the 
Los Alamos and Livermore Laboratories are more than Just an exerCIse 
in Critiquing corporate power-holders, but also a very complex dilemma 
involving the fate of the world. 

The question that supercedes all Olhers in the mindset of the 
university community is whether or nOl UC management of the labs, 
and involvement within (he labs, has a liberaliZing influence on public 
policy. If, in fact , the UC Regents were to vote sometime in the future to 
discontinue UC involvement in the labs, and to tum them over to some 
less "enlightened" management (Le . someone similar to AT&T, the 
parent corporation of Sandia Labs, the only other nuclear weapons 
research institution that receives federal contracts in the United States), 
would the scenario worsen? The scenario is, of course , how much say 
the public has in determining what type of research is being conducted 
by the labs. You can pull the drapes a nOlch further being a member of 
the UC community, however, and ask, "What value do lab researchers, 
managers and Regents place on my opinion concerning nuclear 
weapons development being conducted within the UC sphere?" 

Most students have assumed in the past that regardless of whether 
they or faculty members have any substantial influence on lab policy, the 
academic community really is the most secure place for such a heavy 
national responsibility. The history of lab activity lobbying for, '!lore 
extensive research and various types of deployments proves tms 
assumption to be pure folly. The UC faculty report of 1970 (the Zinner 
Committee Report) described the UC-labs relationship as follows, "The 
laboratories enjoy a delightful autonomy within the protective shelter of 
the university so delightful as to border on the licentious." 

Public spokespersons for the labs will claim that under the law, lab 
employees and directors are not allowed the privelage of lobbying fo 
Department of Energy (DOE) and Department of Defense (DOD) 
contracts and grants in their official capacity, and that neither 
Livermore nor Los Alamos have official lobbying arms in Washington . 

This exerpt from an interview with Los Alamos Director Harold 
Agnew, published in Los Alamos Science, magazine in 1981 , describes 
how in 1978 Agnew and Livermore Director Roger Batzel helped kill the 
Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty by persuading President Carter not to 
negotiate the CTBT after he had instructed his Geneva negotiators to do 
so. 

Question: Did you feel when you were at Los Alamos that had a 
direct influence on national policy, espeCially the defense 
posture? 

Agnew: No question about it. I met with President Carter for 
almost two hours on the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, through 
Energy Secretary Schlesinger's intervention, together with 
Livermore's Roger Batzel. We influenced Carter with facts so he 
did not introduce the CTBT, which we subsequently learned he 
had planned to do. There's no question in my mind that we turned 
Carter around because we incurred so many enemies from the 
other side! It was obvious we had an impact. 

The comparatively piddling sum of $7 billion that the labs acquire for 
management purposes each year is too small to be considered the 
primary reason why the UC Regents would continue to vote in favor of 
maintaining UC management, once every five years when the contract 
comes up for renewal. (The Regents voted 19-7 on Sept. 20 to continue 
management until 1987.) What then are the primary motivations behind 
the Regent's stubbomess in not placing the responsibility of lab 
management back in the hands of the public sector for at least a 
moment until the government could find other "competent" managers? 
There is no doubt that ideology plays an immense role here , one that 
exceeds the demands of cold war practicioners who have nudged UC 
presidents into statements like, "UC management of the labs is part of a 
public service that the university performs for the defense of the 
nation ." (Ask David Gardner about that one.) That is quite an irony, 
since polls indicate that 78 percent of the American populace want a 
freeze on nuclear weapons. UC students and faculty are mostly US 

on the Labs 
citizens; on July 7, 1982, the UC Regents rejected a resolution regarding 
the nuclear weapons freeze on the grounds that this fact had nothing to 
do with the functions of the university. A blatant ambiguity here is that 
a freeze would encompass a halt to testing, production and the 
deployment of nuclear weaponry by both sides (the US and the USSR). 
A favorable vote by the Regents toward a freeze resolution would 
virtually put halt to most defense-related activities in the labs. More than 
that, the passage of a freeze resolution would be a major shock to the 
very precepts that Department of Defense contractors and ideologues 
stand upon - that the public is too ill-informed and. apa~hetic to rress 
for a change in nuclear polley by threatemng the mIhtary-mdustna 
complex. 

At this point in time , to envision the massive amount of both public 
and private pressure that would have to be brought against the Regents 
to act in a pro-freeze manner is mere illusion. If you look closely at the 
UC Regents' financial disclosures of 1984-85, you will see that some 
Regents have direct financial interest in the arms race: Edward Caner, 
former director of Lockheed, the country's sixth largest defense 
contractor; Reynolds, connected to Signal Cos., the 50th largest defense 
contractor; Williams, connected to Pan Am, the 41st largest defense 

UC - A HISTOIl'f OF MOIlAL. MANAGEMENT 

contractor; Campbell and Watkins, connected with Watkins-Johnson 
Co ., a manufacturer of defense electroniCS; and so on, into the corporate 
world . It is little wonder why these men were selected to be UC Regents 
in the first place. Why would any private individual, we ask, hope to 
believe that the UC labs are managed for anything more than military 
corporate interest? 

Here we have the cycle of argument and yet we are still faced with 
the question,"Who should manage these labs, and how will they be held 
publicly accountable?" A solution might be this: if we were to place 
management back in the hands of the public sector, where researchers 
and the like can be watched under the scrutinous public eye, instead of 
behind the blindfolds of "academic freedom;" then it may be possible 
that sincere , earth-saving notions like a freeze could be negotiated. If we 
choose to continue to live in a nuclear shadow of naivety, where 
diabolical arrangements between the government and academic cold 
w:arriors are commonplace, then let .the 1T!.~!'!;!g~~~ ~: ~Gs ~mos and 
Livermore st~~d up and declassify .their motivations, for they h:~:;e 
already classlfled ours as useless, Silly and superfluous. -

-MJC 

Monday, xptember 30, 1985 3 
OPINIONS 

Counte!point 

A maligned nuclear judgement 
By ERIC TALLEY . . r II f . 

Tis the fall of 1985. It's time to blow the dust off the 
old calculus book. It's time to rejuvinate old 
acquaintances and to make many more. And once 
again . it's time to thrust ourselves into the midSt of a 
multitude of political debates , ranging from South 
African disinvestment to abortion to campus 
prohibition. Indeed , all of these issues are extremely 
controversial , and all of them concern the welfare of 
definIte sectors of our society. 

slIuatlon lor a 0 us. enterprise. 
It is rather naive ro believe that a severing of ties There are, however, numerous repercussions to uch 

between UC and the national laborarories will solve a situatiof\. Quality and scope of research done would 

There is one Issue. however. which directly deals 
with each and every one of us - that of the nuclear 
arms race . The recent decision by the UC Regents to 
continue their afftliation with the national laboratories 
has placed this heated Issue back into the limelight. It 
has compelled us to ask a number of questions of 
ourselves and of our university - questions which are 
not easily answerable by the Regents, the students, or 
the labs themselves. There is one question which I 
shall endeavor to clarify, however: Is UC disassocation 
with the national laboratories a good idea? 

The national labs at Livermore and Los Alamos 
spend nearly twO thirds of their $1.5 billion combined 
budget on weapons research alone . Presently. the 
university maintains the role of a ·silent partner" of 
sons. never playing a large pan in the internal 
decision-making for laboratory programs. This 
relationship has sparked two major criticisms of the 
university'S position. First. the University of California 
is operating the twO prinCiple mechanisms for the 
advancement and expansion of the United States' 
nuclear arsenal, and is therefore passively condoning 
the growing arms race. Second, the directors of the 
national labs are independently lobbying for increased 
weapons research, norwith tanding the university'S 
perspective on the maner. 

These two complaints, in the naive eyes of critics. 
are grounds enough for the severing of ties between 
the UniverSity of California and the laboratories. What 
those critics fail to realize . however. is that such a 
measure could n'ever ameliorate the substantial crisis at 
hand - that of nuclear disarmament. In fact, if the 
university were to cut its ties with Livermore and Los 
Alamos , Its absence would hkely exacerbate the 

UC and the Weapons Labs 
-In 1985, the University of California will 

manage $1 billIOn in nuclear warhead research and 
development contracts for the Department of 
Energy-which translates into tens of bilhons in 
contracts for the production of nuclear warheads, 
missiles, and weapons systems. 

-UC developed the technology to produce the 
plutonium and uranium used in the bombs that were 
dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. 

-Los Alamos and Livennore weapons labs 
conducted many atmospheriC tests during the 1940s 
and '50s in the South Pacific (the Pacific islanders 
who were exposed to radioactive fallout still feel the 
effects today with increased rates of cancer and birth 
defects). 

-UC weapons labs have tested a total of 84 
nuclear devices in the Nevada Desert. Very 
significant fallout was measured in states as far apart 
as California, Idaho, Kansas, North Dakota, Texas, 
and New York. 

- Weapons labs officials have opposed treaties 
such as the Atmospheric Test Ban Treaty that ended 
aoove-ground testing, which even the Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission admitted had killed between 
35,000-85,000 people as oj 1967. 

any part of the arms race dilemma. With or without 
UC affilition, the labs will endure and will continue 
their weapons research . Their operation would simply 
be assumed by either private or governmental 

The world is waitiDg. 
Be an exchange student. 

Step into.an adventure ftlled with opportunities and challenges. As 
part of International Youth Exc.h.ange, a Presidential Initiative for peace, 
you live abroad with your new host family. Learn new skills. Go to new 
schools. Make new friends. 

Young people from all segments of American society are 
being selected. H you(f like to be one of them, write for more 
infonnation on programs, costs and financial aid. 

Help bring the world together, one friendship at a time. 

l!I A messa,re (rom The Advertislnj( Courx:d and Tht International 'oulh Exchange . 
~ .. " ~'TlI EXCIIA'IIGE 

....... I.to. C ......... Mt009 

probably decrease . At preSent, both Livermore and Los 
Alamos are directing a substantial portion of their 
annual budgets toward the peaceful application of 
weapons technology Such application ranges from 
radiation treatment of cancer to the harnessmg of laser 
energy for everyday use. If control of laboratory 
operations were transferred ro an enmy wi th a 
narrower base. these programs would likely fall by the 
waYSIde to favor of exclUSIve weapons research. 

In addI tion the Umversiry would lose ItS hand 10 
the control of both labs. Contrary to th e popular behef 
that the lab dIrectors are IOdependem of UC control. 
the Regents have pnmdry respons ibility for the 
screening and selection of these directors. With the 
coming depanure of prese nt Los Alamos director 
Donald M. Kerr, the Regents are in an excellent 
pOSition to increase their innuence by choosing a 
director they can count on. 

Finally. the arms race argument as a whole would be 
partially omitted from the public forum. Indeed , if the 
Department of Defense or a similar governmental entity 
were to assume exclUSIve control of the national labs, 
the process of designing and prodUCing nuclear 
weapons would be effectively internaltzed. Such a 
closed system would assuredly result in a decreased 
public awareness of the situation as a whole. And 
decreased public awareness usually translates into 
decreased public input. 

In addition to these obvious disadvantages, the 
uOlverslty would lose nearly $6 million in badly 
needed revenue . 

All too often, the natural human response to a 
compromising situation is to disassociate with it 
However. if practical and viable arms control is of 
paramount concern in this day and age (and I believe 
it is), then such a severing of ties at this point would 
be a grave and cenain error. Hence . in answer to the 
question posed at the beginning of this piece, the 
disassociation of the university from the national labs 
- no mauer how noble the motivation - would only 
prove to be the effect of maligned Judgement. 

"/ think i!o/l've had alew too II/ally." 
"Ycm kiddill, J can drive 

Il'itli 111.1/ eye." closed." 

"}(JIl 'ue !Iad too IIIllch to drink, 
let lIIe drive." 

"Nobody drives Illy em' but me." 

DRINKING AND DRIVING 
CAN KI.L A FRENDSHII 

U. S. Depo<'ment of T<onsportotion r!!!I 

SCIENCE It TECHNOLOGY 20 
is now c8=~~ .. • • • MUIR CO~GE COUNCIL "resents I 

BIOLOGY 50: 
"Information andProgiCllumtng 

in the Life Sciences" 
Same course. same 1nstnJctor. satisties the 

same requirements. 
You can register in Biology 50 for the Fall 

Quarter durtng the Add/Drop period 
ADD/DROPS in ROOM TLH 106 

---

Part time 
Opportunity 

WOrk your OWII lIours 
Ie your OWD boil 

In the 
Haith. "utritlon &' 

I"enonal Deftlopment rteld 
caD: lee Balentl_ 

451-0131 

I A PARKING RAFFLE I 
• I 
• • I DONATION:. 
• $1.00 • 
• • • WINNER need not be ..-t-Drawinc: 10/4/85 • 
• TAKE A CHANCE! • 
• 

WIN A RESERVED SPOT AND END YOUR • 
PARKING PROBL£MSlln 

• T/c:1Nta Alia/1Gb .. Now at MOM • I b>" I FOR" or TIw " • 



6 Monday. s.:ptcmhcr 30. 1985 

OPINIONS 

lUTfRSlHTfRSluTfHSlfTTfRSl 
Career mistakes 
Editor: 

We at the Career Services 
Center appreciate the attention 

~ven to us in the September 23 
Issue ("Career Center opens $1.8 
mIllion structure," p. 11). 
Unfonunately, a few corrections 
are necessary: 

(I) As the anicle noted in its 
opening paragraph, it took $1.16 
milhon to construct our new 
building, not the hIgher figure 
more prominently mentioned m 
the title. 

(2) We are a comprehenSIVe 
Career Services Center. Our 
concern is not simply "Matching 
students' career goals to pay 
jobs." We also help students 
deCide upon career goals , find 
part-time employment, seek 
admissions to profeSSIOnal and 
graduate schools, and much 
more. 

(3) Since elementary teachers 
were nOt included in the 1984 
career survey cited , the~ could 
not possibly "finish laSt m terms 
of salary. The survey did mclude 
an occupational category enUlled 
Educator and the persons within 
this category did not fare well 
comparea to others. However, 
the category was limited to . 
positions such as tutors, teachmg 
aides, pre-school workers, etc . In 
fact, beginning elementary 
teachers earn starting salaries 
that are quite near the $18,700 
annual average our graduates 
reponed. 

(4) The article said that only a 
minority of our graduates who 
seek advanced degrees do so on 

a fuli-time basis. Untrue . 94 
perce nt were enrolled full -time. 
Thank you lor the opportunity to 
make these corrections. 

• Neil MUlTllY 
Director, Career Services Center 

College horror's 
Editor: 

The expos~ written by the 
OpmlOns Editor of the GuardIan 
last week was nIce It, however, 
did not comam the real story, 
the bleak side of college life 
which most of the long term 
students have come to know and 
embrace as a way of life . College 
is full of deadlines - not the 
kind most of the incoming 
freshmen arc used 10. Gel with 
it , kiddies, thiS is the big time. 

o longer Will you be able to 
make excuses for missing an 
exam. These people don't care. 
You'll experience anxielies 
beyond your wildest dreams. 
Coffee will become a big pan of 
your life. Even if you don't like 
the taste , the caffeine will be 
reason enough to suck down the 
black liquid Never say you have 
plenty of time if you are 
intelligent enough to realize that 
sleep is a luxury that might spare 
you some embarrassing 
situations. If you put your nose 
to the grindstone, you might be. 
able to get out in four years - It 
\\-ill only cost you your sanity. 
Remember, it only gets worse 
rrnm here on out; if you learn to. 

Ple.~ rum to pase 8 

United Campus Ministry 

WELCOM~ YOU FOR FALL QUARTER 
U.CM, is the ministry of the Presbyterian, 
Methodist, United Church of Christ and Disdples 
of Christ churches on the campus. 
Weekly Bible study, recreation, and sodal events. 
Everyone is welcome. Contact Rev. Bob Wagener, 
Campus Minister, for schedule, 452-2521. 

MEXICAN EARTHQUAKE RELIEF 
The Center for U.S .-Mexican Studies would like to share the following 
information with members of the UCSD community interested in 
assisting with earthquake relief in Mexico. . 

The list below includes some of the organizations channeling contri-
butions to Mexico's earthquake victims and the focus of their relief 
activities : 

American Friends Service Commiltee 
1501 Cherry Street 

Catholic Relief Services 
1 550 Market Street 

PhiladelphIa, PA 19102 San Diego, CA 92t01 
Checks : MeXICO Earthquake Relief 
FOCUS: Development .nd gene,.1 e .. lslance 

Checks : Mexi;;an Earthquake Fund 
FOCUS: Clothing, medic. I, __ S"""" 

American Jewish World Service Consulate General of MeKico 
1333 Front Street 1 290 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 1 276 

New York. NY 1 0 1 04 San Diego, CA 92101 
Checks Mexican DIsaster Relief Fund 
FOCUS RlIConltrucllon with .mph.sls 

Checks : Fondo de ReconstrucClon 
FOCUS Rebulldl ... str .. ls, schMla. 

on lonl-Ierm de.,.lopmenl prl .... "-- .ncI ""PIIals 

American Red Cross 
2650 Fifth Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92101 

SI. Vincent de Paul 
1 550 Market Street 
San Diego, CA 92101 

Checks : MeXICO Earthquake Relief Fund 
FOCUS: Medlc.1 e .. lstance, ...... Ial 

Checks: Mexican Relief Fund 
FOCUS: Food, clolhl .... trenaportallOn 

.... 1111, tr..:l ... of mI .. lng _,onl 

The Center encourages members of the UCSD community to make 
donations to one of these organizations to assist Mexicans in recover-
ing from the tragedy of their recent natural disasters. On .Tuesday, 
October 1 the Deans' offices of the four UCSD colleges Will set up informatio~ tables to distribute information and to receive donations 
Irom those interested. Contributions received at that time will be for-
warded to one of the agencies listed above. 

In addition , the Center for U.S .-Mexican Studies is organizing a short 
seminar to provide information on the geophysical dimensions of the 
quake itself , as well as on its economic, social, and medical implica-
tions. The seminar will take place on October 16, 1985 from 12-2 p.m. 
in the conference room of the Institute of the Americas Building on the 
north end of the Third College Campus. For more information, call 
452-4503. 

IT'S NOT 
TOO LATE 

Delta Sigma Phi 
8 will be continuing 

formal rush ttYough Friday, October 11, 
so If you haven't gotten a chance to 
meet us yet drop by our booth on 
Revelle Plaza this week. 

Delta Sigma Phi 
The Fraternity of Engineered leadership 

Find out if you qualify for our 12-week training 
and a career in the Air1ine/Travellndustry. 

Join over 2500 Graduates placed with more 
than 90 AIr1ines 

MONDAY - OCTOBER 7 
STAROU8T HOTEL AND COUNTRY eWB 

850 HcMI CIrde Rd. 
SAN DIEGO. CA 

2: P.M. or 7:00 P,M. 

~DNE8DAY·OCTOBER8 
LAWRENCE ~LK VILLAGE 
88715 a....ww.nce w.Ik Drtve 

E8CONDiDO. CA 
2:00 P.M. 017:00 P.M. 

Airline interviews are scheduled on campus 
during your training program! 

Monday. September 30. 1985 7 
OPINIONS 

. Terrorism uncovered Part I 
By DAVE RICHARD 

C RO\VDED AND bustling with travelers. the Tel Aviv airport seemed 
festive and alive. The year was 
1972; the fourth Arab-Israeli war 
was Still a year away; and the 
August 1970 cease-fire. with few 
exceptions , conti nued to 
maintain the peace. In the steady 
flow of the crowd. three Japanese 
students disappeared into a 
comer bathroom and opened 
their respective suitcases. Kozo 
Okamoto. the only one who 
would still be alive in ten 
minutes, puUed from his case a 
Czech automatic rine and two 
hand grenades. Each of the three 
students knew they were going 
to die , their only concern being 
to mutilate their own faces , 
making identification by the 
Israeli security forces more 
difficult. Kozo thought 
momentarily of his training. A 
Japanese Buddhist, life and 
death simply represented way 
Stations in a continuum of 
greater human existence. An 
anarchist who focused on the 
immediate overthrow of SOCiety, 
Kozo trained with the Japanese 
Red Army and George Habash's 
Palestinian Liberation Front. 

Kozo's travels took him from 
Tokyo to South Yemen to Rome 
and now Tel Aviv. Over six 
months of guerrilla training were 
invested in him by the 
Palestinians and today he would 

~pay the ~ebt. Calmly. without a 
word , the three emerged from 

• 

the airport restroom and opened 
fire . All around them people 
died. But OkamOlo did not see 
the blood , the screaming, the 
destruction. All he could see 
were Stars. "When I was a chi ld ," 
he would later admit, "I was told 
that when people died they 
became stars. I didn't really 
believe it, but I could appreciate 
it. And it calms my heart to 
think that all the people we 
killed will abo become stars in 
the same heavens. As the 
revolution goes on, how the stars 
wiU multiply." 

Terrorism is not new to the 
world. The roots of it stem as far 
back as the 12th and 13th 
centuries when a dissident 
Islamic religious order, known as 
the Assassins (or, literally, 
ha,shish-eaters), utilized violence 
to ~chieve political aims. The 
nation-State developed as a 
terrorist mechanism during the 
French Revolution in the early 
1790's under the leadership of 
Robespierre, and manifested 
irself more extremely during the 
Hitler years of Germany and the 
Stalinist years of Soviet Russia. 
But today there is a renewed 
explosion of sub-national 
terrorism. Anacks such as the 
bombing of Marine headquaners 
in Beirut two years ago, and the 
recent TWA hijacking laSt June. 
Strikingly demonstrate the power 
available to a well-organized 
group of men and women. 

And ~t, despite the 

tremendous psychological effects 
of terrorism, few countries have 
developed a coherent policy vis 
" vis terrorists. In thl! follOWing 
essays we will examine u:e 

current legal status of terrorism, 
psychological contributions 
toward understanding the 
phenomenon , and the 
increasingly international 
character of the problem. 

. 

THE ROOTS OF ANARCHO-
TERRORISM 

Today's terrorism can be. 
separated into primarily three 
distinct classes. Fi rst, and most 
familiarly, is the Marxist terrorist. 
Primarily concerned with the 
overthrow of capitalism and the 
liberation of oppressed peoples, 
the Marxist JustifIes kIlling In 
terms of its historical context. 
Such terrorist groups include the 
West German Red Army Faction, 
the Red Brigades in Italy, and 
the Weathermen in the United 
States. The provocation of the 
government by the terrorists will, 
in theory, lead to severe 
repressive measures, thus 
exposing the fascis t nature of the 
state . Seeing this, the masses will 
unite and revolt against the state. 

The second group consIsts of 
fanatic nationalists such as the 
Provisional IRA, the defunct 
Tupamaros of Uruguay, the FLQ 
in Canada, and the Basque 
scparatists in Spain . DetermIned 
to liberate their nations, such 
organizations often turn to theIr 
Marxist counterpans for aid. 
Thus, the nationalIst terrorists 
are In many Instancs mIstakenly 
lumped together with the 
Marxists. 

Finally, there are exile or 
emigre groups which seek some 
form of revanchism regarding 
past ills. This includes the 
Croatian Utasha and the 
Armenian terrorists who have 
been acuve since 1975 against 

of the 1985·86 

JD)~N 
~ eIF<emtbume$ e~ e~~ eQpfumn<o>m 

~ ef<emtbume$ e~ e~~ eQpiirn1n<o>m 
Your catp.s ~r vvants \CUr canp.s Irput. NEw 

Turkish diplomats. 
But these groups all share a 

root to the past, the root of 
anarchism. Anarchism assumes a 
harsh condemnation of 
capitalism, ignoring peaceful 
avenues toward change within a 
system that is perceived as 
useless. Because the ruling class 
precludes any substantial reform , 
the goal of the anarchIst is to 
arouse mass attention. Viole nce 
then performs a dual purpose. 

ot only is it a blow against the 
existlng order, but Ironically it is 
a form of therapy. The terrorist 
experiences a reaffirmation of 
his self-esteem, and if working as 
a member of a group, develops 
panicularly strong feelings of 
peer acceptance. 

The mOtivations of terrorists, 
then, primarily ste m from a 
political acceptance of the value 
of violence. The targets maybe 
young or old , in nocent or not; it 
rea lly does nOt matter. For in a 
capitalist society, everyone, 
according to the anarchist, is 
guilty. There are no innocent.?, 
no unwitting citizens. Everyone 
is as guilty as the nation's 
President or Secretary of State. 
For Kozo OkamOto, all 26 people 
he and his accomplIces killed 
were already guilty before the . 
annals of history. The 80 that 
were injured and crippled , JUSt a 
little lucky. And maybe, if 
Okamoto is right, a few more 
stars lit the sky that night in 
1972 ... If only for a moment. u:;] 

wdelS, pm~~, am IlJustmtllS me enoouptJ2t1 b ~ Imolwd. 
GAlll vakS,e elptierx2 oJ2ted m pm eE on catp.s. 

A mee_ f>r all doe ineteSEd vutJI be lEU Frifav, Oct. 4 at 3 pn 
at the Qmdfan nfftce <Southeast of IeeJ2, 1'EXt t> the <lE CaR). 

If\CU cue una,E b ateuf pease chql b{ our ofBCE du~ tIE v.eek 
or gtie t& a alii at 452-6500. 



Monday. Seplcmber 30. 1985 

OPINIONS 

PhD Programs In 
CUNICAL PSYCHOLOGY 

and INDUS i NIALl 
ORGANIZAT10NAL 

PSYCHOLOGY 
The California School of Professional PsycholoWSan 
Diego will be on campus Wednesday, November 20th 
at 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to present its graduate PhD 
programs in clinical and ind~st~ial(organizational 
psychology. Anyone interested IS Ir1VIted to attend. 
Career Services Center, Multi-Purpose Room. 
CSPf'-SD is fully accredited by the Western Associa.tion 
of Schools and Colleges and the American 
Psychological Association. 

SUPPORT • INFORMATION • SERVICES 

Birth Control -
Abortion . . - F) WOMANCARE 
Donor Insemination - "- - .. ~~C.!:.l.:.:.I~.:..:· I.;;.C ____ _ 
GeneraIOB·GYN _ ~_.l--------
CerVica l Caps Ava ilable SE HABLA ESPANOL 

Ihrough FDA sfudv 

2850 Sixth Ave. Suite 311 . San Diego, CA 92103 
(619) 298·9352 Open Six Days A Week 

MKNOW 
COPYING 

FRONTWARDS 
AND 

BACK. 

• Flyers. Resumes. 
• Binding • Folding • Cutting • 
• Drilling • P~ssport Photos • 

kinko·s® 
HlWHOUU 

M.Th 7:XJ om - 6:00 pm So 10:00 om . 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 om· 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm · 6:00 pm 

La Jolla Village Conv.nl.nc. C.nt.r 

r--------------------------, I 
I 
I BACK TO KINKO'S 

Free highlighter pen 
with this coupon 
and purchase 

Explr~: 10/31/85 

kinko·s· 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(near Pdphs/Sov On) " , 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L __________________________ ~ 

UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY and STAFF 
ARE CORDIALLY INVITED 

TO EXPERIENCE 
FAITH, HOPE and LOVE IN CHRIST 

-+- UNIVEk~ iTY LurnEkAN 'HU~'H m ANb EtuME~ltAl tnHE~ 
- KrOll the Itreet £rom Revelle Collete 

• 

(9595 La)oIla ShOl'el Drive. near North Torrey Pinel Rd.) 
Sunday Wcw"'ip at 10:00 a .m. and 7:00 p.m. 
Welcomin. Scuderi. Barbecue on Wednhda" October 2, 6:00 p.m. 

(Weeki, s!1Ulent svppers on WednesdaYJ at 6:00 p.m., followed '" Bible 
study at 7:00 p.m.) 

New Vnder",adwate BibleShtdystarts Wednesday, Ocrober 2, , :oop.m. 
Welcomin, ShuUn. Brunc" on Sunday, October 6, 11:1, a.m. (after 

church) 
For further information or putoral care, contact 

Campw Paator John G. Huber, D.Min., 45)-0561 or 45~55 

German Car Specialists 
All work fuily guoraNteeli * Factory-Trai"td Sf>«ialist 

Monday.Friday 8 am . 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am • 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 Jl. 4630 Mission Bay Dri,:e (619) 454-3705 • (1-5 to Balboa EXIt) 
(619) 275.1132 San Dielo. CA. 92109 

--* W, lUll a .. d ,fCOJIf_d K~ LII/wica .. 1s to Oil' ,,,'oIIIm • 

._-"-------------------------------O(Excopt Motor" Tranomiuion Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not vollll ",i/lt ... y oIiwr aJf/PO,,) 
10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

_ .......... 11.. 11111 _ Expire. Nov. 15, 1985 .111l1li. l1li. _____ • l1li __ 

HELP~ FRIEND BREAK 
A HABIT ON NOV. 2. 

If you have friends who smoke, help them-quit dur!ng the 
Great Ame~ican Smokeout on NoVt'mber 21. Keep a friend from 

smoking for one day, and you may keep a friend for 

I~ 
TSOCE1Y' 

NAVY ROTC· It's not too late for Scholarship/ 
Non-Scholarship programs leading to a 
commission in .the United States Navy or Marine 
Corps. 

CONTACT the NROTC unit at: 
usn Phone 260-4811, SDSU 265·3730 

lHnAS lUT ffiS 
ffisluTffislfTT 
Continued from page 6 
expect this . college might be a 
pseudo-pleasurable experience . 
General Elisimo Fransisco Franco 

(alias Jaime Bell) 

Comparable worth 
Editor: 

To me it's a mystery why 
conservatives and libenarians 
bemoan the push for comparable 
worth pay parity for public 
employees. 

Granted, as Clarence 
Pendelton (Chainnan. 
Commission on Civil Rights) 
says, it's the "looniest idea since 
Looney Tunes." And I suppose it 
is folly for the government to 
consider legislation co repeal the 
law of supply and demand . 

Letters to the editor should 
be doublc- or triple·spaced 
and addressed to the 
Opinions Editor. the UCSD 
Guardian 8-016, La Jolla, 
92093. All submissions must 
includt ehe author's phone 
number and signature; in 
sptcial casts the name will be 
withheld upon request. The 
Guardian reserves the right 
to edit for clarity and space 
considtrations. . 

But what is forgonen is that 
government employee wage rates 
are dictated by political pressure 
groups rather than the free 
market. Most government 
employees are grossly overpaid. 
The ironclad proof is the very 
low quit rate of government 
employees and the hundreds of 
applications for any publicized 
job openings. 

All the statist-feminist types 
are asking for is that the law 
mandate that women make as 
much men. Let'S meet their · 
demands by redUCing the male 
government employees pay 10 
the "comparable" women's level. 
Billions can be saved. Taxpayers, 
opportunity knocks! 

Dick Rider 
Vice-Chair 

San Diego County 
Libertarian Party 

Hughes to build $12 ... n;tillion 
molecular neurobiology center 
By KARIN JACOBSEN 

The Howard Hughes Medical 
Institule plans 10 build a $12 
million research center for the 
UCSD School of Medicine and 
the Salk Institute. Dedicated to 
the study of molecular 
neurobiology and genetics, the 
new HHMI building will provide 
sc ientists with the resources to 
find cures to genetiC diseases, a 
univerSity spokesperson said . 
These studies may eventually 
have applications in agriculture, 
also. 

biomedical researchers as weU as 
anract other leading scientists to 
the area. The 42,000 square foot 
building will be connected to 
UCSD's Molecular Biology 
Research Facility, now under 
construction near the Medical 
Library. Architectural plans have 
nOl been drawn up and a 

construction date has nOl yet 
been prOjected. 

The new laboratory will be the 
17 th suc h facility funded by 
HHMI, which recently became 
the largest private institution in 
the world after the sale of 
Hughes Aircraft to General 
Motors. 

Draft regulation dropped 
student until provided with a 
copy of his completed 
registration form. 

Monday. Seplember 30. 1985 9 
NEWS 

~. 
Three scientists will be 

supported by HHMI funding: Dr. 
Michael Rosenfeld, associated 
with the UCSD School of 
Medicine, and Drs. Ronald Evans 
and uny Swanson of the Salk 
Institule . These SC(ientists have 
collaborated in the past on 
studies to identify the regulation 
of genes by hormones: Evans 

The Department of Education 
has decided nOl to implement a 
rule that would make coUeges 
responsible for verifying draft 
registration of male students 
receiving financial aid. The rule 
was suggested during the 
summer and would have gone 
into effect this faU, but was 
dropped due to complaints from 
universities. 

In 1980. President Calter 
reinstituted draft registration, 
demanding that aU male citizens 
register with the Selective Service 
within 30 days of their 18th 
birthday. After the passage of the 
Solomon amendment, over 
300,000 students previously in 
violation complied with the 
Selective Service Act. 

Dr. Richard Friedman led the excavation of the ancient house. 

and Rosenfeld have worked on 
projects involving the transfer of 
genes from one species to 
another. in an anempt to cure 
such disorders as Alzheimer's 
disease. Gene transfer may also 
be used to alter came genes, in 
order to produce offspring with 
more meat and lower fat content 

HHMl's selection of UCSD 
reflects the university's emerging 
prominence in the fields of 
molecular genetics and 
neurobiology, the university 
spokesperson said. He added 
that it is hoped the center will 
enhance the work of San Die,,'s 

Thomas Rutton, director of 
Student Financial Services at 
UCSD said. "We opposed it 
(because) it 's excessive ... It's hard 
just to administer another piece 
of paper, (that was) extra 
confusion we didn't need ." 

A congressional amendment 
passed in 1982, sponsored by 
Rep. Gerald Solomon, R-New 
York, requires male student-aid 
recipients to state in writing that 
they have registertd for the draft. 
The new verification process 
would have entailed the coUege's 
refusal to proVide aid to the 

The Department of Education 
periodically checks up on a 
random sampling of students 
who claim to have registered. 
Runon said. "98 percent had 
actually complied. so we were 
able to convince the depanment 
that it's a very major issue for us 
and a very minor issue for 
students. It's unusual, but this 
has been one positive 
government process," Runon 
said. 

- Rachel frei£elder 

Old 
house 

Continued from page 3 
plumbing long before the 
Romans," he added. 

Pottery dating, along with 
stratigraphy, a method 'of 
detennining what layer of earth 
is being worked on , were the two 
methods used to dare the 
houses . ."Just by examining a 

piece of pottery you can 
detennine the date of the house 
it was found in," Friedman 
explained. Two archaeologists 
worked on the site at all times to 
employ these dating techniques. 

Friedman said that the 
students were amazed at how 
much heavy work was involved 
in archaeology. Using picks and 
axes, caning loads of dirt and 
moving large stones involved 
most of their time, he said. BiU 
Koble, a Warren senior. did 
mostly pick and shovel work in 
his square at the site. At different 

Please rum co page 27 

If's USER .FRIENDL Y 
THE NEW STUDENT LOAN APPLICATION / PROMISSORY NOTE 

- TECHNOLOGICALL Y 
ADVANCED 

THE NEWEST MOST EFFICIENT WA Y TO APPL Y 
FOR A GUARANTEED STUDENT LOAN (GSL) 

-SIMPLE THE GSL COMBINATION APPLICA TlON/PROMISSORY NOTE CONTAINS 
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO APPL Y FOR YOUR STUDENT LOAN 

eFAST 

eEASY 

THE QUICKEST WA Y TO APPL Y FOR YOVR STUDENT LOAN 

IT COMES WITH A COMPLETE SET OF INSTRUCTIONS 

ITS ANOTHER FIRST 
FROM 

Pirst qndepelldent crrust 
The INTRUST BANK STUDENT LOANS 

Pick up a combination Application/Promissory note at your school 's Financial Aid Office or write to: 
FIRST INDEPENDENT TRUST • P.O. Box 2562 • Sacramento, CA 95811 



EXPLORE 
THE CHALLENGE 
AND UNLIMITED 

. 

OPPORTUNITI'ES 
THAT THE MAY COMPANY 

CALIFORN IA 'HAS TO OFFER 
G. Fox representatives will be on campus Monday, 

September 30 between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. in the Career 
Services CenteL Multi-Purpose Room. Why not stop by? No 

long lines, no bid points, just a casual open house. 
Refreshments, Casual Dress. 

Bring your resume, if available. 

company 

The May Department Stores Company 

May Co, Los Angeles 
Hecht's Washington, D,C, 
Famous-Barr Co" St, Louis 
Kaufmann's, Pittsburgh 

May Co" Cleveland 
Meier & Frank, Portland, Ore, 

G, Fox & Co" Hartford 
O'Neil's, Akron 

May D & F, Denver 

Strouss, Youngstown 
May-Cohens, Jacksonville 

Venture Stores-7 states 
Volume Shoe Corp,-36 states 

We will be conducting on-campus inteviews Monday, October 21, 1985, 
See Placement OffIce for details. 

The May Department Stores CorTl:>anv Is on Equal Opportunity Emplover 

••••• 

Alcohol policy argued 
CoIUin.d &om .,.. 2 
under 21 in the donns. WhitehiU 
said he felt the regulations on 
dormilOry drinking were 
necessary because he had 
received many complaints from 
non-drinking students who were 
distracted by the ongoing patties 
in the halls. He also said that 
kegs should nO! be aHowed in 
the donns because "from my 
own experience, Regs create a 
cerrain ambiance that encourages 
excessive consumption." 

In the past, regulations 
concerning alcohol in the 
residence haUs were iU-defined. 
According to Whitehill , the new 
regulations, in-pan are "a 
statement the university is 
making in compliance with state 
law .... It is impossible for 
students under the age of 21 to 
come into possession of alcohol 
without the law being broken." 

Alexander admitted it is a fine 

Happy hour's over 

method of acquisition it is not 
actuaDy illegal for a minor to 
drink in his or her room. 

Because the new poIicits are 
residence haDs regulations, RAs 
who have uaditionaUy had a role 
as peer counselors, will be the 
primary enforcing agents. 
Alexander, a fonner RA, sees the 
siruarion as threatening the 
relationships between RAs and 
students. 

"Because of the nature of RAs 
'jobs, they're always in people's 
room .. .. Eventually, you're going 
to have a situillion where an RAs 
going to be in a freshmen's 
room, and he's going to take a 
beer out of the refrigenllor and 
the RAs going to have to report 
it .. .. It puts the RAs in a 
policeman-type role ," Alexander 
said . 

Watson , however, said that 
hopefully, enforcement would not 
be the ultimate solution to the 

The Federal Excise Tax will increase on all distilled spirits 
starting Oct. 1. The increase in the FET will amount to a 19 
percent jump or about $1 on a 750 ml bottle. AI/liquor 
retailers will be affected by the tax as will the price of drinks at 
saloons and restaurants. 

problem. He felt that educational 
programs the university is 
developing would play a major 
pan in correcting the current 
problems. 

~exanderunde~ndsthe 
administration's reasons for the 
policy but added, "We need a 
realistic policy that can be 
respected and enforced, not 
prohibition." She said the 
regulations banning minors from 
possessing alcohol are 
unrealistic. "If people want to 
drink, they're going to drink." 

"Clearly, there are going to be 
some students who are going to 
experiment with alcohol ," 
Whitehill said , adding ·'It is 
those stud ents who ac t 
irresponsibly that are gOlOg to 
get caught.... This rule gives us a 
way to control flagrant 
irresponsib le use ... the law 
generally states the stringent 
position." 

Watson felt the problem of 
drinkmg is in-pan contributed ro 
by ou r culture and advertiSing. 

"There IS this idea that the 
only way to have a good time is 
if there is alcohol present," he 
said . "We all agree, RAs in-
particular, that the university has 
an obligation to prOVide 
alternative activities without 
alcohol... . We don 't want alcohol 
to be a primary concern." 

The universities regulations 
regarding alcohol at public 
events were changed in subtle 
ways but the effects of those 

F(f)O.D 6~Q 

Joseph Watson Instituted 'the new alcohol policy this summer. 

changes will hardly be noticed at 
TGIFs and other gatherings, 
where beer will stiU be available 
to 21 year-old students. 
"Alternative beverages" will be 
available, and advertising other 

than that of beer manufacturers 
will be unusuaUy visible, 
however. 

The first TG is Fnday at 4 pm, 
following the Fall Festival on the 
Green (FFOG). ~ 

Money for nothin': lottery opens 
Tickets for the state lottery will go on sale Thursday, 

October 3, San Diego will celebrate the opening of the lottery 
with music and the release of 20,000 balloons-one Jor every 
ticket ourlet in the state. The event, to tane place on the 
Broadway pier, will begin at noon the same time that tickets 
go on sale. Local educators and college musicians will 
partiCIpate In the event. 34 percent oj the proceeds Jro m the 
lottery will go to education, 50 percent to 10l/ery winners and 
16 percent to the running of the lottery program. Other lottery 
opening celebrations will take place in Sacramento, San 
Francisco and Los Angeles. The odds of winning $2 on a $2 
ticket are 9 to 1. 

IC~6 
LOOt(6 FOQ.\VARD TO 6~R..VIN~ you AT: 

TUb.. R..ATLL~t(~LLb..R.. 
INT~R.NATIONAL 6Pb..CIALTI~6 

FI2..DAY 7 ~ AM - ~ 00 p~ 
~T t. ~ 1200Pto..1 - 400P~ 

Rb..Vb.LLb. Db..LI 
Db.LI ~ND\v'tCJ..t..6 G PIZZA 

730 Atvi- 800Pto..1 
7 30 M1-AOOPto..1 

6Cf2JPP6 
'6NACt( 5AR 

DALY 6~CIAI ~ 
' ~ALT6 G ~AJ(~6 

~- FR.I 
AT 

C6 

\VAR..Q~N ~Q.ILL 
6P~CI AL TY !JAtv1~UR.C;-b..R.6 

FI2..IDAY 7 30 AM - 2 00 p~ 

TUIRD 
LA CA6A FRJ~D culCJ(u-J 

~N - T11.JR 

~ - FI2..I 

7 15 Atv1- ~OO Pto..1 

900 Ato..1- 6 00 Pt..1 
9 00 M1 - A30Pto..1 

tv1b.D· 
7 00 AM - 200 PM 



Literature Departrnen·t 
FALL QUARTER 

.. 

The Literature Department at TCHB 110 offen a wide 
variety of services including the proceuing of all student 

forms, addl drops, and advising on majon and minon. 

~ngIish/Rmerican 
LitlEn 1-49 
Themes in English and American Literature 
J9th Cmtury Best-Stlling AmmClJn Womm Novelists 
Lee A TTh 2 :30-3:50 TOiB H2 ec6802 
Instructor: Sinda Gregory 
The novel which sells (and is presumably read) more than any other in a given year is 
a novel that has both gauged and shaped its time. This is especially true of the 19th 
century, when people lived in homes where the only images were static - a few 
daguerreotypes, a calendar, a print of "Blue Boy." Because people read for leisure, the 
novel 100 years ago was the most powerful, persuasive entenainment of middle-
class America - particularly American women. This course will examine eight best-
selling novels written by women and discuss these works in terms of their literary 
qualities and theIr historical , political, and cultural significance. 
Nove ls: Charlolle Temple, Uncle Tom 's Cabin, Fern L.eawsjrom Fanny 's Portfolio, The 
Lamplighter, Malaesha or The Indian Wife of the Whilt Hunter, Little Men , Ramona, House 
of Mirth . 
LivEn 173 
American Fiction I: 
The Rise and ~elopment of the AmDican Novel 
Lec A Th 7:00-9:50 USB 3020 ec6819 
Instructor: Paul Dresman 
The novels to be read in this course are Brown's Wieland, Cooper's The Prairie , 
Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, Melville's Moby DICk, James' Portrait of a Lady, and 
Twain's Adwntures of Huckleberry Finn. There will be an emphasis on the relation 
between fiction and American history, especially on the frontier. Weekly quizzes, a 
shorter and a longer paper, and a final. 

lit/En 175A 
New American Ficrion 
Boundaries: Contemporary AmmClJn Writing 1975-1985 
Lec A MWF 12:00-12:50 PH 10) cc8889 
Insttuetor. Paul Dresman 
Contemporary American writing over the past decade has been characterized by a 
disregard of formal boundanes;Joumalism tOok on the techmques of fiction ; fiction 
has become more poetlc; poetry more discursive. While this melding of genres has 
its ongins In Modernism and whIle earlier examples occur in the immedIately 
preceding decades, the texts used in this course represent culmInations. Several of 
these books also address the immediate historical moment even as lhey serve as 
homages to archetypal American myths, themes and expressions. Ashon and a long 
paper, readIng quizze and a final. The possibility of some relevant films . 
Text s. Far Tortuga by Peter Matthelssen , DI~patc hcs by MIchael Herr, Gunslinger by 
Edward Dorn , Talkmg at the &undaries by DaVid Amin, The Woman Wamor by 
Maxine Hong KIngston , The Whit e Album by Joan Didion , The Names by Don DelIllo, 
The Color Purple by Alice Walker. 

Lit/En 176 
Major Ammcan Writers: 
SCOll Fitzgerald 6- Jack Kerouac 
Lee A TTh 10:00-1 1:20 EXT 142 ec6820 
Insttuctor. Stephen Rodefer 
A close reading of selected writing of Scott Fitzgerald andJaek Kerouac, with added 
emphaSIS on the soClo-cultural phenomenon they represent: jazz age/ roaring 20's 
and the beatnik/ post-war era. Biographical and historical emphasis and use of 
audiovisual male rial inevitable. 

Lit/Wri 122 
Saence Writing 
Scm A Th 2:30-5:20 TEH 302 cc9056 
Instructor. Brooke Nielsen 
A workshop in th e writing of scientific or technical reports. Inslructor and students 
will discuss student work, exploring the particular constraints and poss ibilities of 
science writing. 

Lit/Gen 128 
The DnulIGS of BmoIt Bm:ht 
Lee A TTh 11:30-12:50 USB 30)OA cc9028 
Insmaeror: Jam~s K. Lyon 
An introduction to the dramas of one of the 20th century's foremost playwrights. We 
shall read ten dramas during the quarter - Drum in the Night; Baal; A Man 's a Man; 
The Threepenny OPfra; Life of Galileo; Mother Courage and her ChUdrcn; The Caucasian 
Chalk Circle; and Schweyk in the Second World War. Lectures will deal with the genesis 
of each drama in terms ofliterary, social and political history, and each drama will be 
examined from the perspectives of both the literary critic and the drarrta critic , i.e ., 
as text and as performance. Brecht's literary theories will also be elaborated and 
applied to his plays. (Course credit for General Literature only; this course will not 
count towards the German major or the German minor.) 

Lit/Gm 163 
Childrm's Uunaturt: 
Lee A T -4 :00-6:50 APM 1'402 ec6890 
Instructor. Jeny Griswold 
A serious and enjoyable study of classic novels that have come to be childhood 
favorites : Wind in the Willows, The ~cret Garden, Tom ~r, The WiZQrd ofO'l. etc. 
Some lime will be devoted to folklore, the fairy talts oCHans Christian Andersen, and 
the picture books of Beatrix Poner (The Tale of Pettr Rabbit) and Maurice Sendak 
(Where the Wild Things Are). 

LitiGen 172 
Contemporary Science Fiction 
The Last Generation in Science Fiction and Film 
Lec A W 7:00-9:50 HSS 1330 cc6892 
Instructor: Stephen Potts 
Beginning in the late 1950's, 
science fiction has devel0p.ed 
from a pulp genre of narrow 
appeal into a literature with its 
own high standards and an 
entire industry of publishers, 
critics, and fans behind it. 
During the 1960's, it grew in 
popularity and sophistication 
as the New Wave injected new 
literary purpose into science 
fiction and serious filmmakers 
raised the standards of science 
fiction film. In this class, we will 
investigate science fiction's 
coming of age in our time by focusing on specific works of the decades 
between 1960 and 1980 in the context of the genre's historical and 
critical background. 

FALL QUARTER COURSE DESCRIPTIONS ARE AVAIlABLE 
AT TCHB 110 

CAI-L ••• 

Amphitheater' 
Continued from page 3 
for a certain number of years. 
After the lease is over, they 
would have the chance to renew 
the lease or the University would 
take over." 

Alexander says that a draft 
proposal has been submitted to 
her by Fahn and Silva, a local 
finn knoW'(1 for promoting 
concertS. But she added that the 
proposal was only a draft and 
that it would not be made public 
until changes are made and it is 
forwarded to the administration. 

When reached for comment, 
Mike Fahn of Fahn and Silva 
said that his company was 
merely looking at proposals at 
the moment, and emphaSized 
that everything was StiR in a 
preliminary stage. 

The decision on whether or 
not to use the vendor plan to 
fund the amphitheater will have 
to be made by the Building 
Advisory Comminee for the 
project. As yet, Atkinson has nO( 
appOinted members to such a 
committee. 

The San Diego community 
seems in need of a large facility 
to attract major performers. 
"Major artists like to perform 
outdoors," says lynne Peterson 
of the University Events Office, 
who is a member of the 

Amphitheater Task Group. "They 
like the aesthetics ... and so San 
Diego is really a prime location. 
We've gO( better weather than 
anywhere and we don't have a 
facility to do these major 
concerts and other sons of 
entenainment." Peterson cites the 
Spons Arena as the only large 
venue in the San Diego area that 
hosts big events , but added that 
it is nOt very appealing. The San 
Diego State University 
Amphitheater proVides seating 
for 4 ,200 and maintains a variety 
of events, but is a facility that 
would nO( accomodate the large 
scale programs that a 10,000 seat 
UCSD amphitheater would. 

A proposal for a covered 
amphitheater was rejected in the 
Task Group report due to a high 

Monday. September 3D, 1985 13 
NEWS 

coSt-to-benef it ratio, requiring a 
building expense in the range of 
$10 million. 

A plan submitted by artist 
James Turrell for a "crater" 
amphitheater was recommended, 
though the report suggested that 
the design would not receive 
anything from the 25th 
Anniversary Fund , and would 
rely on funding from donors 
with interest in the Turrell 
Project's artistic merits. Designs 
for the Turrell Project are on 
display at the Central Library in 
an exhibit of proposed additions 
to UCSD's outdoor museum, the 
Stuart Collection. 

A proposal by a Denver 
commercial firm was rejected on 
the grounds of aesthetic -
considerations. E:J 

make this the year you learn 

FOR LOST CONTACT LENSESJI 
• S49.00/pr. DAILY WEAR. 

• S 125.00/pr. EXTENDED WEAR. 
• SINGLE CONTACTS ALSO AVAILABLE. 

• LARGE STOCK FROM ALL MAJOR BRANDS. 

SAME DAY FREE DELIVERY 
I 574-75821 I 57.-67181 

WE WILL CAlL ANYWHERE FOR YOUR PRESCRIPTION 

UCSD 

Brighten 
Your 

Walls! 
Buy 4 posters 

get the 

Sth one FREE!! 
- Of eqI..J or Ieuer nlue. -

WITH THLSAD 

International Gifts 
for the beat po.ter., mug., carda, T .• hirts, Rock.n.roU 

• memorabilia, fine and unique jewelry, stuffed animal. 
stickets, games, adult gifts. ' 

OFFER EXPIRES 10.31.85 

International Gifts 
Universitu Towne Centre 

452·7755 

Visit Sensational 
or In Parkwall PlaUJ near Sears 

588.2187 

PORTUGUESE 
Ling/Portuguese will be oriented to 
students interested in Ii teratu re, 
language, & Latin American studies . 

TTh 12-2, F 1-2 paL 3133 
course code: 9124 

UCSD University Events Office presents !!!!!!!!!!!!!!~ 

.. 'Second City' is brilIitlnt." 
- 11'\1 'IlL 11.1'1. 

"Subtly & Superbly funny! " 
- 'II 10 ")1/1\1>\ ),\T 

Touring 
Company 

October 5, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu, $7.00, GA. $10,00 
UCSD Fac/ Staff &: Sr.Cit. $8,00 
~ .... ~~~. &: UCSD Box Office: 452-6467 



14 Mantlal'. 5.:1'1011/"'/ 30. 198~ 

RECREATION ACTIVI1Y SESSION SCHEDULE - FAIL 85 

The Campua RecratJon ocpnlzed-froup eurdIC and ecttvIty ~OnIlilted 
below _an lntesraJ part oI'the total PhysIcal EducatJon Department o8'erIna of 
actMtIa. These ~ona fOcus prtmarIIy on upoIW'e or Introductlon and! or on 
conttnuance of. learned activity for pleasure In • JrOUp HItInjf. Consequently, 
they _ led by qualIfted exercise and ac::tlvtty ladera. Campus ReautJon 
Itronatv recommends that dJilble studenta enroll In the courses taullht by 
Physlcal Education supetvt.ors for In-depth knowledQe and llfettme 

peaapedlva of phyIlcal acdvIly. The Uadn8 of Phy*-I Edualdon counea II 
presented In the quartaIy UCSD Sdli. Id. 01 a II 

SPORTS. fITNESS 
Bealnnlna Weliht TraInIni - Coed-
Intermediate Weight Tralnlna -
Coed-
Beiinnlni ke SkaUna 
Scuba 
HandbaD-
Taoist YOila 
Tal Chi Ch'uan 
BealrlnlnQ Yoga-
Advanced Beginning Yoaa-
AIkIdo 
Tang Soo Do 
Tennis-
Tennis Training for Competltlon 
Blcydlng 
BowlIng 

SAIL SAN DIEGO 
CeJadal Navtaatlon 
CruJs!ni Under SaIl 
A Survey of Ocean SaIJlni 

Non-Fiction lJterature 
Boat Hanc:Ulni at SeamanshIp 

fAIl. WOUSROPS 

AUfO MAINTENANCE 
Understamina the mysteries of auto maintenance makes 
the process easier - Jearn to recOitJlze what must be done, 
how often and how to do-it-yourself. Brakes, lubrication, 
heatinll and coolini systems, tires and Qeneral maInlenanl% 

, tips wi! be covatd. Indudes hands-on aperknce in tune-
ups and oU c:hania. questlonlansvm and dlscussion. 
Brinll a lunch. 
Sat. October 19 $12/16 

COLOR ANALYSIS 
And your seasonal palate and determine your best colors 
/Or your wardrobe, makeup. and accessories. !.earn how 
color win chanQe your personality, fada! structure, and how 
people see you. Course to include: lecture on ccilor, analysis 
of hair, skin. and eyes. Cost Indudes packaied color fabric 
swatches. See how color can make a more radiant. more 
beautiful and confident you. 
Sat. October 26 9am·lpm $40/44 

AD sessions be~ the -a d Sepl 29. A complete Ust 
Ind1.dnQ days, ~s, times and prices cAn be bund on 
peQes 4-6 dthe CNriONVrEN NewIIetter awlIabIe around 
campus Clbraries, EDNA. etc,) and at the 0611% dCampus 
Reaution. AD students can take sessions at a discounted 
price. 

Reaadon aerdIc and adIvtty .... ons are opal to UCSD atudenta and 
Recreatlon Card holders at the dIIcount price. AI othen 1lIIY the NIl amount 
'second prtce lIstafl. To ... up in one or more I 'aa, limply drop br the 
O8lce of Campus Reaatlon between 8 am and 5 pm. For addIdoDIII 
information. c:aII 452-4037. ' 

CONDmONlNGI 
AEROBICS 
Total Aerobics 
Abdomen ExercIse 
Aerobics Internatlonal 
Beglnnlni Aerobics 
Low Impact Aerobics 
Wateraeroblcs 
Trlmnastlcs 
Condklonlnil Aerobics-

MISCEIJANEA 
Massage 
CPR 
CPR RetraInIna 
FIrst Aid MuJtlmedta-
Advanced first Aid 
Women's SeJfDefense 
Shtatsu Massage 
Crochet 

• Not open to UCSD ltUcIents. 

HOUDAY COOKING SERIES 
APPEllZERS 
The SIIIIOries that start the party can olen be the most 
memorable. A 3-hour wOOcshop lieaturinQ a wide variety d 
both hot and cold hors d 'oeuwes that wi! be made and 
eaten. international favorit£s such /lIN Pat, Caponala, Won 
Tons and many others wi! be produced. RecIpe paclaIQe 
Induded. 

Sat. October 26 lOam-lpm $10114 

PHYU.O DOUGH 
Learn how to use this _tk aourmet food. &jjov mIIIdnQ 
and eatinll Greek Spanokopltta. Baklava and Moroccan 
Chicken PIe. Techniques ilr handIinQ and storinQ wII be 
stressed . Redpe pac1caQe induded. 
Sat. November 2 lOam-lpm SlO114 

HOUDAY FFAST-VEGGIE S1YLE 
Take part in creatinQ a wholesome and ddlcIous meal 
featurinll veQetables, dairy products. and QrIIIns'in place d 
melll . Combirina lOods and nutrition wID be dbcusscd. 
Sat. November 9 lOam-lpm Sl0114 

CHOCOlATES 
A 3-hour workshop devoted to sheer Induillencel Lum to 
whip up dellcacla Ike Olocolate Mousse PIe, Mud PIe, 
Chocolate Grand Mamlu Sauce, FudQe, and 0!0c0Iate 
Fondue. Everyone wi! partidpate in t/U, so brIn8'" apron. 
Redpe ~ induded. 
Sat. Nowmber 16 10am-lpm Sl0114 

HOUDAY GREETING CARDS FOR 
KIDS 
Srtna the kids for an afternoon d crutMIy wtdIe you _In 
the chocolates workshop. Homemade cards r:J -V size 
and shape wi! be the !heme be the day. Materials provided. 

DANCE 
BeQtnntn8 BaIet* 
jazz Dance· 
Ballroom 'Dance-
Intanatlonal folkdance 
Square Dance 

SWIMMING 
Muat-
ChIldren at Teens 

CBILDIEN'S 
ClASSES 
Ballet 
J(arate 
~JceSbtInQ 
~Tennts 
BeQtnntne FencIna 
IntamecUate Fenctaa 

FAIl. DAY ATS 
SCAVENGER HUNT 
Whether you __ to atend your -.drobe and your 
podcetbook ex lind the perfect "spook suit" b HaIoween. 
this trtp wi! do II at We will visit a IlUIIIber 01' San DteQo's 
better thdIlhops In ..m of the pafect barpin. 
Sal. October 19 10000Jpm $519 

.JUUAN APPLE FESllVAL 
join in the ksdvIIIa d}ulan·. Appe FatMlI You wllvIIft 
vartous arts and ads shows and be .. to pIItahe Ir. 
dddous apples, tce cold dder, and the best apple p6a ewr 
made. Transportation and lunch are provided. but you must 
provide the appetItel 
Sat. October 27 lOam-Spm $11/15 

TOURING WINERIES 
Spend your day ~ the wWIa d our own Nonh 
County YIneyards. A dddous lunch d c:heae, &lilt and 
French bread wII be provkIed to luther enhance yourday". 
and your palate. You rraJIl be 21. 
Sat. ~ 9 lOam-4pm $8112 

. BOARDWAI.K BOOGIE 

Sat. October 12 lOam-2pm $10114 

WINE SlOMP 
Actin yourMIf In an old QIk val, baNfooI wIIh your f*U' 
rolled up to the hnea, maIdn8 the pafect cabanet 
sa~ Or pahapI • pRIt ncir. We wi! be taIdnt an 
~ ~ oflhdll setblC IJIpe stampers to the IDNIII 
WIne StOfl1l at North CountY'. San PasaJaI wtnay. Your 
cost wi ndude IrBnIporIaIton and adrnIlIanoe to the day'. 
htMIIa indudIn8 aama. wine t.uGlII and wN ~ 
You wi ewn be PI !he chanot to ~ a bottle of 
.....me whldI your Iitet partook In autmQ. Due to the 
unpmIIdabie Min of the harwst, an aact dale a.\noI be 
liven ... )'d. CaD OCR at 452~37 br details. 

IGNUPNOW. 
slcn up Information and event details are now available at: 

Sign-ups forWo 
Vo&&_-

DATE: Dc 
PlACE: 
TIME: 

Ford is proud to sponsor the Ford Volleyball Classic A 
very specia l intramural volleyball tournament for your 
college intramural program . 

ce Room 

Cl 1984 ... & FM INC. 

'OINTHE FUN 
Read the information above and sign up with your 
Intramural / Recreational Sports Department today! 
EVERYONE CAN PLAY 
All students. staff and faculty are eligible . 

U .C. San Diego Intramural Department 
1916 FORD MUSTANG 
Mustang the spirit that moves you! Choose your fun 
in 2-door. 3·door or convert ible Compare LX for 
equipment and price with any ca r in its class. you 'lI be 
pleasantly su rpnsed Test drive a powerful SOL Mus-
tang GT Or. the Ford SVO with 2 3L turbocharged. 
intercoo led 4-cy linder engine. 5-speed manual trans-
mi ss ion . adj ustable Koni"'shock absorbers. and more 
1916 FORD BRONCO II 
Here's a rugged and versatile vehicle that' s as at 
home in the backwoods as it is in town A standard 
2 8L V-6 provider. the power through a 5-speed man-
ual transmission Twin -Traction Beam independent 
front suspension smooths out the road. The standard 
power steering and power front disc/ rear drum brakes 
ease handling over all types of driving surfaces Test 
d rive one today 

OFFICIAL CAR AND TRUCK OF THE U,S. VOlLEYBALl. ASSOCIATION 
AND NATIONAL TEAM TRAINING CENTER 

Monday. Septtm~r 3D, 1985 15 

PREPARATION FOR 

GMAT· LSAT - GAE 
Classes on Campus 

Diane Shopping Center 
4780 Clairemont 

Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 

92117-2006 
(619) 277-6744 

MARY McNULTY 
Admlm~lr,ltOr 

Student 
Special 

3Y2¢ per copy 
No Minimum/No Waiting 

With Valid Student ID 
81,7 x 11 20 lb. white 

machine ted 
Mission Valley 

Downtown 
Golden Triangle 

GOLDEN TRIANGLE 
(In the computerland 

bu~dlng across 
from utc) 

4320 10 joIlo village dr. 
suite 265 

458-1909 



Nuclear research to continue ... but how? 
By MONTE ROSEN 

On March 23, 1983, President 
Reagan called upon American 
scientists to contrive a defensive 
mechanism that would render 
strategic missiles impotent and 
obsolete . On September 20, 1985, 
the UC Regents voted 19-7 in 
favor of renewing contracts with 
the Department of Energy (DOE) 
for management of the Lawrence 
Berkeley Radlallon Laboratory, 
and the Los Alamos and 
Lawrence Livennore ational 
Laboratories. On October I , 1985 
the federal government Will most 
hkely approve the DOE's fi cal 
1986 budget of approx imately 
Sl.l billion for general science 
and research , magnetic fUSion 
research, and plant and 
eqUipment projects From thiS 
budget, the UC system will 
receive approximately $7 million 
for managing the labs, while the 
labs in particular wtll receive an 
undetermmed amount for 
research mto x-ray and pamcle 
beams to be used m the trateglc 
Defense Initiative (SOl), or taT 

fabrication of the fi rst atomic 
bomb at Los Alamos in 1945. 
The successful detonation over 
Hiroshima and Nagasaki led to 
the end of World War 11, not to 
mention the deaths of over one 
hundred thousand human 
beings. 

The success of the bomb, now 
firmly entrenched in the hearts 
and minds of military strategists, 
in the United tates post-war 
industrial economy, and also in 
the faculty research in the labs, 
has directed and still directs the 
foreign policy of this country. 
Hemert York , in his account of 
the arms race entitled , "Race to 
Oblivion ," states, "The Manhattan 
Project showed what American 
industry and American science 
could do when fueled by money, 
patriotism and fear. It has been 
held up ever since as a modeL." 

The creallon of the Lawrence 
Livermore ational Laboratory 
came as the result of an m-flght 
between twO notable SCie ntiSts, J 
Robert Oppenheimer and 

Studencs protest UC COil tracts with ... 

Wars proJect. 
SDI is the much debated next 

step in the arms race and will 
cany all the UC campuses 
forward into the next nve years. 
Five years is the duration of the 
Regent's renewal, which directly 
ties the UC system to nuclear 
weapons research Debate over 
the morality of the UC Regents' 
comphcity with the SDI is moot , 
now that the labs renewal is a 
fait accompli ; but individual 
complicity is still an on-gOing 
question. 

Ties between weapons 
research and the university have 
existed almost twice as long as 
UCSD For more than forty years , 
research done by UC faculty has 
contributed to the war effort in 
th is country. Some notable fj TSts 
include Edward O. Lawrence's 
isolation of fissionable isotopes 
in the 1930s at Berkeley's 
Radiation Lab and the 
production in the same lab in 
1943 of the uranium isotopes 
which were used in the 

Edward Teller. Fear of the 
Russians and patriotism toward 
thiS perceived threat fueled 
Teller's suppOrt for the creation 
of the first thermonuclear 
weapon that was exploded on 
November I , 1952; it also fueled 
the defamation and prosecution 
of Oppenheimer for opposing 
the H-bomb's construction. 
Edward Teller, no longer a 
Livermore scientist, is acting as a 
consultant to the labs, a role 
which gives him a particular 
advantage over the faculty 
pOSition he once held . 

Since the faculty is precluded 
from direct lobbying for federal 
funding and does not apply 
competitively for grants, projects 
must be handed to faculty 
members from their contractor, 
the DOE. However, the 
prohibition of lobbylOg does not 
directly apply to Edward Teller 
In hI S role as consultant for hi s 
visible public stance in favor of 
Star Wars research conflicts with 
lab regulation . It IS documented 

that Teller is taking an active role 
in the formation of weapons 
projects and has a heavy 
influence in US foreign policy. 
The present Secretary of State, 
George chultz, is vehemently 
against this type of lobbyist role 
for scientists, as he clearly stated 
in a recent speech to the 
American Academy of Sciences. 

However, Teller'S clear conflict 
of interest is a common enough 
phenomenon in the research 
and development mdustry - a 
phenomenon called "pork-
barreling" (supplying funds for 
local improvements designed to 
ingratiate legislators with their 
constituents, which usually 
carries the minimal consequence 
of a slap to one's reputation. 

The deep incongruities in the 
ceaseless pursuit of new weapons 
systems and defense contracting 
IS well documented by many 
public sources. This posture is 
consistently defended by the 
public relations of the research 
institutions as necessary for 
deterrence. Likewise, the Regents' 
mo t common explanation for 
their renewal of UCs compliCity 
m the anns race is that if the 
Regents don 't watch over the 
labs, then someone With a lesser 
degree of pubhc accountability 
may. But regardless of who 
InstruCts the oversight 
committees, research on nuclear 
weapons at the labs Will 
commuc. But how will it 
contlnue? 

In a Guardian interview, 
Herbert York acknowledges thaI 
research at Llvcrmore and Los 
Alamo~ labs wlll continue 
regardless of management -
especially since management of 
the labs by the UC Regents 
nommally consISts of the 
appomtment of the director and 
review of the staff functioning. At 
no time does the current UC 
management dictate the kind of 
research done by the scientists, 
nor docs it have any substantial 
say in the formation of projects 
by the DOE. Likewise , according 
to Wallace Deckert of the Public 
Information Office at Livermore, 
If the UC were to sever ties with 
the labs, research would 
continue; but with a loss of 
university personnel who work 
in the labs, public disclosure of 
research projects would 
potentially cease under as the 
new private management, and 
the quality of research would 
deteriorate 

Perhaps the complicity factor 
in weapons research might end 
when those who conduct 
research refuse to manufacture 
knowledge which could result in 
a wartime disaster. An equally 
viable dilemma is that it could be 
too late to recap the bottle si nce 
the genie has already escaped. 
Defense-related research 
predominates in most hard 
science fields, meaning that in 
order to gain employment in this 
job sector, an applicant may be 
faced with the choice of working 
on a defense-related project or 
not working at all . For example, 
according to a NSF (National 
Science Foundation) Postcensal 
Survey, 58 pe~ ent of all 
Aero/Astro engineeringjohs in 

The 
oCdW 

~~r-W~"~~~~JI 
rep ~"'" that some lib ~ Iobbyina ~==~~ even _her ann&. devdopmrmt. said a 1Il1~ 

The alrmwiws to haVtna the labs run by _ Is eo 
haV1e .. =lll of Enerav or a private COI1lI*'Y ..... the 
labs, the non said. . 

,. !D¥rity of Wodt done It the labs is weapoas research, such as 
~ Reagan's "Scar Wars" laser plan (£ormaty caIe4 the 
StraIeik Defense Initiative), The labs ha'o'Ie produced dte ...uc 
bomb, the neutron bomb, the hydrogen bomb and me .. -.had. 
Only an average of 35 percent of wodl: from both ~ is devofid to 
tl:)ennoauclear energy development, with more of that wodl: being 
dOlH! " livennore. 

The sPOkesperson also stattd that me university received S6.8 
million fast year for management of the labs. 

The university has operated Los Alamos since it opened in 1942, 
and UlJIennore since 1952. The COntnlCl with the Deparanctll of 
Energy also mcludes lJ\IU1aIing of the Lawrence Berk.dcy Iabn&uIIy 
and the Laboratory of Biomedical and Environmerq( Sdent •. 

1980 were national defense 
related; 66 perce nt of which 
were research and development 
oriented and another 66 percent 
of which were applied research, 
development and design 
oriented. Similarly, 22 percent of 
all physics/ astronomy Jobs 
belong to the military (31 
percent are research and 
Jc"c1opment and 46 percent arc 
applied research , development 
and design.) 

Bureaucratically , the bounds of 
the DOE contract precludes the 
Regents from mfluencing what is 
researched upon. Thus, even the 
appointment of more reform-
minded Regents cannot directly 
change what the labs do. Still, 
the notion of greater control on 
what kind of research and what 
kind of weapons are produced, 
or at least on the speed at which 
they are produced , is appealing 
to many of us. 

On the other hand, allowin& 

-AanlSct w. 
scientists to exert more COntrol 
in weapons research is 
problematic. S ientists don 't see 
the nuclear arms research as a 
moral Issue . However, as Harvey 
Brooks, professor of technology 
and public policy at Harvard 
University, argues, scientists can 
hardly be expected to be 
objecrive about the implications 
of their own research . "In 
practice, if an expert has any 
qualifications to deal with an 
issue at all, she or he cannot 
really have a completely open 
mind .... An engineer who has 
chosen to devote her or his 
career to the perfection of a 
particular technology IS more 
likely to be skeptical of any 
evidence of possible adverse 
effects of this technology than 
somebody less expert in that 
particular field ." Thus, without an 
objective reference, the problem 
of the arms race is uniquely 
com plex. ~ 

... laboratones last Friday. Srpt. 20. 

MOl1auy, 5<ptell1ber 3D, 1985 17 

FEATURES 

York defends UC/lab ties 

Herbe r! Yom, UCSD physics professor and former director of the 
Lawrence Livennore National Laboratory. 

Ilemert York, former director 
of the Lawrence Livermore 

auonal Laboratory and current ly 
the director of the Instllute on 
Glohal Con nict and Cooper.1tion, 
suppOrts Universiry of California 
management of the Livennore 
Laborarories and th e Los Al.lmos 
Laboratory This management, he 
SI,lteS, pre~erves the 
"Independence and hrcadth of 
view' of the labs. 

Presently, UC management of 
the labs enmlcs the UniVerSity, 
the 0 .0.0. (Department of 
Defense). and the D.O.E. 
(Department of Energy) 10 
oversee nuclear researc h at Ihe 
twO laboratones, Thus, according 
to York, were the unrvcr J[Y to 
sewl tles With Ihe labs, whICh IS 
nm a likely possiblhty 
consldenng the long history of 
relatlons, l( would "d iminish the 
lah " capJblhtlcs Jnd , more 
imponamly, n.lrrOI\' their 
pcr~rective ," 

York cites .IS an example the 
Reagan admmlstratlon's current 
posinon regard ing the Threshold 
Test Ban agreement. "The 
adminrstration believes thaI the 
SoViets are violating the 
agreement; but , due to the lack 
of evidence, the labs belicvc thiS 
IS not true. If the labs were ,I 
private corporation ( the 
untverslty no longer acting as 
management) and the 
government's pOSition were that 
the Russians were violating an 
agreement, then the labs would 
adopt that position as well " 

DraWing on hiS own 
experience w1th corporati ons, 
York notes thut free -st,lOdtng 
corporations he have in ,I more 
monolithiC way in respect to 
poltcy Issues. 

'They don 't tolerate dive rSity 
or disagreement, There would be 
an established VICW and people 
(the 1,lboratory staff) would have 
to closely align with that VICW." 

However, If the un ll'ersltv were 

"The admini-
stration believes that 
the Soviets are vio-
lating the agree-
ment. .. " 

to divorce ltself from lJboratmy 
management, the short ternl 
eflect could stimula te J penod of 
Increa5Cd actlvlt}' within the labs, 
such that the changes In 
management and the changes in 
PoliCY direction would indu e 
new Ideas and research. 
Interestlngly enough , York notes 
that the labs are currently 
"bubbling with more new ideas 
than is usually the case." 

Today, UC influence on the 
labs is greater than it has been 
in the past. York says, 'The 
university is more involved than 
It was 30 years ago when I was 

dire ctor at Livermore , For 
• Insta nce, the Regents SpeCial 
Commmee is more involved and 
the (UC) president and vice-
preSidents pay more ,l!tentlon to 
what's going on at the labs." 

Both lahorJrones were 
initiated elunng war tIme , Los 
Alamos dunng World War II and 
livermore dunng the Korean 
War tlmes when there was a 
"nati onal need for atOmiC 
del'Clopmcnt and UC was 10 
everybody's View, tncludlOg those 
at the UOlversltv, the mstltute 
qualified to pr~dule the fastest 
results." 

SlOce then, the lahs have 
co ntlnueu With thclr nuclear 
rc carch . 50 to 70% of their 
prOjects arc nudear arms related , 
and at the "Ime tlmc thc labs 
servc a the pnnClple LenterS In 
development 01 Lontrolled 
thermonuclear energy. 

'The Amcrtlan puhltc ,IS a 
whole galOs (lTl)m the 
UC Iahoratory Interaction) 10 
that I t gets bctter labs ,IOU a 
better program 10 nuclear 
weapons:' The UOlverSlty 10 
particular henefits 10 ItS ties to 
the laboratones through va rious 
sclencc programs, like the 
cooperati ve progmm that eXIsts 
between U.c. an FranCISCO and 
Livermore biophysicists. 

York would hke to see 
increased relati ons between the 
academic univers ity and the labs 
in hopes that greater contact 
might broaden their political 
views on nJtlonal secunty Issues. 

UCoD Universily Events Office presents The home of the 

The Intimate 
P.D.Q Bach 

October 17, Thursday, 8:00 p,m, 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCoD 61. $9.00. G.A. $13.00 
UC~D rae/ 6laf[/ 6 r.Cil. $11.00 

-ncar~~. 
____ 0 UCoD Box Office: 452-6467 ___ _ 

39¢ hamburger 

l)\"I~1l<" Or 

• I "","\",.1 7 140 M iranlar Rd. ' Sa n D iego 

r;g1--------------------~ ~ ---ALCAMERIC~NMEAL--- ~ Q u arte r 1'''~nJ~'r ' .~~' .I ~ Chec,c, Lar)!e Fry, 
II MeJ lum-S,_, Soft Drin k l .,h .. lu< 110011 .. nl II 
I I Limit one coupo n per J $ II I I custom er, per VISIt. Please . US t 1 99 11 
I I present coupon when • ordcn ng. 01 v"lld with dn) (plu, tax) II 
I I Olher urler. Only al: II 
I I 71-ll) Mirama r RJ . II 

~ Good Ihru San Dicgo ~ 

~~::~:-- --------~ 
o 

o 

for 

OASIS WRITING 
nrrORS 

will be held 
lUESDAY, OCT. 1 

10-2 HL 1254 
call x2284 for further info. 

o 

o 



100 Dancers ~ Non-Dancers for 
Anna Halprins 
Orcle the Earth: 

A dance in the spirit of peace. 
four day workshop culminating in a petformance Oct. 3. 4. 

5, 6 (Performance Oct. 6: 8:00 pm) UCSD Main Gym 
Registration information: (619) 454-3541 

A co-presentation of Center for Theatre Science and Research. l.1 Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art and UCSO Dance Program 

New York 
$298 
Miami 
$318 

Chicago 
$258 

Denver 
$198 

reSlrlcllons may apply 

Give your student living quarters a touch of class with fashion furni-
ture from Aaron Rents. You can furnish your place in style at rate~ that 
are guaranteed to be the I<?~est in town. We. offer next-day delivery 
and a convenient short mInimum rental perrod, and our decorator 
showrooms are full of quality, up-to-the-minute furniture so you can 
make your place a real home away from home. Come to Aaron Rents 
and see for yourself why more people rent furniture from us than any 
other company in the country. You're sure to 
discover that the reason is 
VALUE. 

6331 University Ave. 287.8485 San Diego 
The Nation's Largest Fumiture Rental and Sales Company 

ATTENTION MUIR GRADUATING 
SENIORS FALL 1965 

IF YOU PLAN TO GRADUATE FALL QUARTER, 1985, 
YOU MUST HAVE A FINAL DEGREE CHECK AND 
SUBMIT A DEGREE AND DIPLOMA ApPLICATION 
FORM TO THE ACADEMIC ADVISING OFFICE BY 
OCTOBER 1 1, 1 985. 
EITHER COME IN TO THE ACADEMIC ADVISING 
OFFICE. H8cSS 2126. OR CALL 452-3580 TO 
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT. 

-----DON'T DELAY·-----
IF YOU DO NOT MAKE A FINAL DEGREE 

APPOINTMENT. AND KEEP IT. BY OCTOBER 
1 1. YOU WILL NOT BE ELIGIBLE TO 

GRADUATE FALL QUARTER. THERE WILL BE 
------NO EXCEPTIONS.,------

REMEMBER THAT AT MUIR COLLEGE YOU MUST 
HAVE COMPLETED AT LEAST 180 UNITS FOR A B.A. 
DEGREE OR A B.S. DEGREE IN PHYSICS (AT LEAST 
192 UNITS ARE REQUIRED FOR ALL OTHER B.S. 
DEGREES). MUIR COLLEGE REQUIRES A MINIMUM 
OF 18 UPPER-DIVISION COURSES (72 UPPER-
DIVISION UNITS). SOME MAJORS MAY REQUIRE UP 
TO 23 UPPER-DIVISION COURSES (FOUR UNITS 
EACH) TO GRADUATE. 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING MAJORS! 

The Air Force has openings for ~en ~nd 
women in selected science and engmeenng 
fields. To prepare you for one, you c~n 
apply for an Air Force ROTC scholarshIp. 
See what it can do for you. Contact ~he 
campus Air Force ROTC representabve 
today. 

Call AFROTC at SDSU at 265-5545. 
AIR FORCE 

ROTC 
Gateway to a great way of life. 

TOSHIBA 

I B:=!. , I . . _", SCHOOL SPECIAL! 
INCLUDES W.P, 

t;-( . SOFTWARE 
I g . MS'-DOS & BASIC 
t~~~~*f:I!W'~ \ LIMITED 
T300 QUANTITY 
• 256K. 2-360KB Floppies 
• Hi-Quality Monochrome Monitor 
• MULTIMATE Word Processing 

A $500 Value Included 
• Low Cost Printers Available 
• Upgrade Options Available 

BUENA VISTA BUSINESS SYSTEMS 
'22 Escondido Ave., Suite 204, Vista, CA 92083 

235-0605 

u 

Monday. September 30, 1985 19 

\ 

K&M 
Ringbinders 

-Papeflute 

Large 
Assortment 

of 
Colors 
-~-. 

10-pack 
5-pack 
3-pack 

Erasennate 

Blc 
10-pack 
Value pack 

2 medium pens 
with Eraser pen 

Suggested Special 
Retail PrIce 

3.50 
'1.75 
2.67 

3.50 
1.49 

1.99 
1.49 
1.98 

1.98 
.98 

ERSITY Baa 
452-3844 

STDRE 
• 



20 Monday. September 30. J985 

The MACINTOSH 
"Back-To-School" Bundle 7 ___ __ --. 

The Macintosh™ 512K is Apple's most popular 
computer (No.1 Seller on college campuses). 

Apple has made the radically easy-to-use Macintosh four times 
more powerful, providing it with enough memory for virtually 
any task. The Macintosh 512K can run hundreds of the leading 

software programs. And for even more storage capacity, 
we are offering an external disk drive. Completing the system 
is the versatile ImageWriter™ printer, which is able to produce 

both text and graphics in virtually unlimited styles and sizes. 
And, to give you Macintosh flexibility on campus or 

at home, the Mac Carrying Case completes the bundle. 

Start this session out right! 

,.------- ----. 

Each Macintosh Bundle includes: 
Macintosh S12K 
ImageWriter 
External Disk Drive 
Mac Carrying Case 

The Bundle is now available 
through U.C.S.D. Bookstore -

Computer Department 
at 37% off Suggested Retail Price: 
CALL FOR OUR PRICE 

TOTAL VALUE $3,984 

--- --- ------------------------------------. 

Silence, Speed, Affordability ... 

Have It All 
... not to mention Reliability. Ex-
ceptional print quality. Easy to use. 
Advanced ink-jet technology. Re-
placeable cartridge with no mess. 
And Hewlett-Packard engineering. 
ThinkJet. The personal computer 
printer. Come in and ~ 
see it today. There's no 
reason to settle for less. 

FI61I HEWLETT 
a:a PACKARD 

ThinkJet 
The Personal Printer 

from Hewlett-Packard 

--- --
- - ---
- -
- -. ---

- - ----
- ---- _.-

"' , 
~ 

--- -
----

- ----
- --
- - ---
- -- ---
----- 0 ---,-

0 

L" ~ 
~ ! r \1111\1\1111111 L§ ·.,r' ... ..,~~,...~"~",~ .. · ., ~ ~ ~ r,\,').,".~~ ..... ~ .... ";' ~ " 

,., __ ,-, r " 

I 

AVAIlABLE 
Friendly roommate. 
Quiet - and sman. 
Able to son through 
complicated issues. 
Will share workload. 
Problem solving is my 
specialty. Supponive 
and dependable. 
flexible. Clever. Fun. 
Good looking. 

BUY I. 
GET 2 

Epson OX-16: Stud.,,1s1 GO KAYPRO! 

o 

3 computers in 1. 
1. A Valdocs 8 computer. Complete, easy· to-
use Valdocs 2 integrated software system 
valued at $495. Includes word processing, 
spreadsheet. mini-database. business graph. 
iCs. telecommunications and more. 

2. An MS-DOS8 computer. Runs most pop-
ular programs writlen for the IBM-PC • . 
including Lotus 1-2-38 . Super-Calc 3. and 
WordStare . 

3 . A CP/M8 computer. One of the most 
extensive libraries of business and personal 
software available. 

3 computers: 1 easy choice. EPSON 
See the new Epson QX-16 loday! 

Wr~e eYef)thIng. from a book 
repon to a ma~er' I thtsI~ wlltl a 
go-gener from Kayplo'llint 01 
qualny computers. 
Kaypro'l complete line of 
computer pteml \fAr! allow 
as S 995 .... s.Ic for a 
demonstrilion today. 

===V~· fi4. r:.J"fU 
COI'O'AIION 

/nnovalOO of £1«1(001( frodOOl /ix Ovtr ]] )Ioall 

ERSIIY BOD SIDRE 
- - --- -----
----------
----------
---------- -- --
- -------- -- --
- -----------
- -----------
- - ---- - - - - --
- - ----- - - - - - --
- -- ---- - - - - - --
------ - - ---
- - --- - - - -- -
- ----- - ----

- ------
-------
-----------
- -- -- - - --
- - -- - - --
- --- - ---
- -- ---
- --- ---
- - -- - - ---
- -- -- - - --
---- - ---
--------
--------

452-4291 

Monday. September 30. 1985 21 

IT TAKES A BETI'E'R GRADE CALCULATOR 
TO GET A BE11'ER GRADE rhDII HEWLETTl I:~ PACKARD I 
HP-15C 
Matrix operations 
Complex functions 
Solve and integrate 
448 program lines 
Insert/delete editing 
RPN logic. Continuous 
Memory and liquid-
crystal display 
I 
HP-IIC 
Slimline Scientific Programmable 
1000000lLCD 
203 program lines 
21 storage registers/ 
Continuous Memory 
A broad range of 
acientitic and 
statistical fimctions 
makes the HP-II C an 
tmrnedkrte problem· 
soMng lab instru-
men! or engineering 
tool 
Editing features and the convenient user mode saves 

and keystrokes at the louch of a key 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
I NCOR PORATE 0 

Scientific Calculator with Programming 
and StatJstJa 

TI-55-11 ii I 
: . :235 ~qS'l .. . ~ \ _ "~ I Ctf .. ~ 

• 112 Powerful built-In functions for math. • ......... -... . 
science. and engineering. , . ~. -,.. A-::. 

• Simple programmability gives you added ~ ~ 
versatility. speed. Z 5" 

• ~nltt Integntlon offunctlons entered .JIln: 
Into program mtmory. l'~rn.k:l. 

• Use up to 8 mtmorles or 56 program ' ~1b.1;;). 
sttps, . Jd.;;1:JJ;J1iI 

1II.£JJ1dd.;&;. 
._---

HP-16C 
Binary. octal. decimal. 
hexadecimal conversIons 
Boolean AND. OR. NOT. XOR 
203 progam lines or 101 
16-bit data registers 
Sets word size. l 's & 2's 
complement. unsigned modes 
Floating-pomt decimal mode 
RPN logic. Continuous Memory 
& liquid cl)'Stal display 

HP-12C 
Slimline Financial Programmable 
10-digit LCD 
99 program lines 
20 storage registers/ 
Continuous Memory 
Solves your tough 
business calculations 
-with an extensive set 
d financial and 
statistical functions. 
Bond Analysis -
Depreciation -
Investment Comparisons at the touch of a key 

~"' I"'" 

llf U 516<'1 ~11 
~(!Jool!i oOOQCl 
0(30 0 1::) ' 
soomoo 8"··· .- .-. ... -
••••• 

FREE. FREE. FREE. 
Get HP's new $"9-so~ moawel 

when you buy an HP--+ 1. 
A deal that has no equal. for a 
calculator that has no equal. 
The HP-41 Advantage holds the 
most popular enginetring. math and 
financial programs ever written for 
the HP-41. Plus: 

• 12K bytes of ROM 
• user-accessiblt subroutines 
• it's menu driven 

Just what it takes to help make the 
grade in evel}'thing from Unear 
Algebra to Physics to Eltcttical 
Engineering Fundamentals to 
Sutics and Dynamics. 

Get the calculator engineers prefer. 
And get the HP-41 Advantage at the 
price you prefer. FlU. 
Offer ends 11-15-85 . 
• $ugt!ll<d u.s. list price. 

CALCULATORS 
MODEL EL-512 
-mIN MAN" WAlLET SIZE WITH 
128 PROCaAM SlEPS 
I~ ICIeIdIIc caIcuIafor with 
Mum Formula '1.lroM and declmal/ 
twxadeclmal ayItem 

$32.95 
AdYanced,lClellllftc calculator 

with c:tecImai/hexadeclmallYlfem 
COIMFaIon ec.y 

$20.95 
0111 ERSIIY BOD STORE 

- - --- -----
----------=-==-=.== == =-= = = ~~=-= 
- - ---- -- - - - --
- - --- - -.- - - ---
- - ---- -- - - --= = ==~= =::=::r = = = ~.=-::. 
- -- ---- - - - - - --
------ - - ------~--- - ----
- ----- - ----

- ------
-------
-------
- -- -- - - --
- - -- - - --
- --- ---
- -- ---
- --- ---
- - -- - - --
- -- -- - - --
---- - ---
---- - ---
--------

452-4291 



22 Monday, Stplfmlxr 3D, 1985 

. 

Now You Can Buy 
Some Of The Greatest 

Movies Ever Made 
For Just $19'5 

./' 

11. _/ SUNSHINE 
STORE 

The University Bookstore t s 
Sunshine Store welcomes an new and 
returning students. 

The Sunshine Store offers a great 
selection of soft drinks, snack foods. 
juices, sandwiches, imported candies, 
personal care products, vitamins, and 
newspapers. We also have the best 
popcorn in La Jona. 

Stop by and visit our store. With the 
purchase of a soda from qur Welcome 
Booth you will receive a free bag of 
popcorn . . 
• A Sp cia! 

tuden d 

Sept. 25 and 26 _ __ Open 8 am to 8 pm 
Sept. 27 _ _ Open 8 am to 7 pm 
Sept. 28 - Saturday_' __________ Open 9 am to 4 pm 
Sept. 30 and Oct. 1 . Open 8 am to 8 pm 
Oct. 2 and 3 Open 8 am to 6 pm 
Oct. 4 Open 8 am to 5 pm 

__ Regular Bookstore Bours: __ 
Monday-Friday _____________ B am to 4:45 pm 
Saturday 10 am to 4 pm 
Oosed Sunday and Holidays 

.-----The University Bookstore extends a friendly welcome to the first-year UC5D---------
students and to the upper classpersons. Shop early and saw money with good 

condition used books. - Paul Mares. Bookstore DIrector 
-------PIa. be sure to enter the Tam Planner 5weepltaka Entry forms. nda and ------

reptlona may be found In the Boobtore'. UCSD Term Planner. 

ERSITY BOD STORE 
452·3844 

Monday, s.:pumba 3D, 1985 23 
FEATURES 

Paul Revere rides again 
By ROBERT LEONE 

Ron Villareale. a geneml 
contmctor in the process of 
riding from Massachusetts [Q 
President Ronald Reagan 's ranch 
in Santa Barbam. stabled his 
horse . a 17-year-old marc named 
American Thunder. in the Black 
Horse stables on North Torrey 
Pines oppOSite Muir College. on 
the night of Sept. 28. 

Vi llareale. dressed as Paul 
Revere. is bringing letters from 
the governors of the states he 
rode through expressing concern 
about an estimated 2.500 US 
servicemen said to be still held 
as prisoners In Southeast Asian 
countries, according to many 
veteran's organizations. The 
letters. and American Thunder. 

are to be given to Reagan when 
Villareale. riding on behalf of the 
Friends of POW/ MIAs . finally 
reaches Reagan's vacation home 
sometime in October. 

The weather-beaten Villareale . 
the last remaining of 12 riders. 
said that the trip has been much 
more difficult since the suppOrt 
truck was stolen. damaged . and 

Ron Vlllareale riressed as Paul Revere displays book "MIssing in Viett/am: Prisoners oj War ... 

SOCIOLOGY 
1368 

• 

THE 
SOCIOLOGY 

O 'F 
MENTAL 
ILLNESS 

(IN CONTEMPORARY SOCIETY) 
• 

TUES., THURS., 
1 1 :30-1 2:50 

ROOM H8cSS 1 1 06 

left behind In Phoenix. Arizona. 
Temperatures dUring the l6-
month trek have mnged from 
minus 40 to 114 Farenheit. 
"There have been nights so cold 
we dldn't dare fall asleep; days 
so har we felt like we were in a 
western movie." said Villareale. 

Villarcale. who was a member 
of the armed forces in Europe. 
said the averge speed of the 
journey is about 22 miles per 
day. and that he and the horse 
have "bedded down in diverse 
circumstances." Villarcale also 
me ntioned that riding a horse in 
traffic is "a pain in the neck" 
because of the impatience of 
drivers . He usually rides on 
smaller streets through towns 
and takes secondary roads 
berween cities. Villareale said 
that he could travel faster. but he 
often appears on talk shows and 
meets with public officials - all 
of which takes time. 

The aftermath of such events 
as this are often as time-
consuming as the event itself. 
said Villareale. mentioning as 
cases-in-point a horse left In 
Ohio. the cost of repairs for the 
broken-down truLk and several 
thousand dollars worth of phone 
bills He also had to shut down 
hiS busmess dunng the trek. but 
he didn 't mind that. -I can 
always recoup the finanC ial 
losses; these men an never 
recoup the pans of theIr lives 
they've missed." 

We've been able to depend on 
the public." said Villareale. who 
admitted that the ride has 
changed drastically without a 
suppOrt vehicle . One of these 
changes that he has had to 
adjust to is carrying a la rge. 
previously vehicle-toted. 
American flag for long periods of 
time. 

Villarcale has also received 
suppOrt from the milltal}'. noting 
that Camp Pendelton informed 
him that he will be welcome. He 
hopes that Pendelton's mounted 
parade un it will accompany him 
on the final leg to Reagan's 
mnch. 

Veteran's organizations in Los 
Angeles are arranging for -
Vlllarcale to be joined by arher 
riders. including some of the 
childre n of MIAs for the final 
four day trip to Santa Barham 
after he offiCially arrives in Los 
Angeles on the first Saturday in 
October. People interested in 
joining the final (np or making 
donations to Friends fo 
POW/ MIAs should contact 
Veteran · ... Observer magazi ne at 
(8l8)999-4l74 

This is the first in a series 
of articles to be Jeatuu in 
Focus every Monday issue. 

University Events Office & ----.. 
20th Century Fox present 

A SpeCial Preview Screening 

Somewhere, 
somehow, 

someone's 
going to pay. 

Oct. 2, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free tickets must be obtained in 
___ advance at the UCSD Box Office: 452-6467 ...... 



2.. Monday, September 3D, 1985 

F&ItN CMTOON 

It's 
Living together with someone for the first 

time can be an "educational" experience. 
And living with a long distance company 

isn't any different. Because some companies 
may not give you all the services you're used to 
getting from AT&T. 

For instance, with some companies you have 
to spend a certain amount before you qualify for 
their special volume discounts. With some 
others,voice quality may vary. 

But when you choose AT&T, there won't be 
any surprises when you move in. You'll get the 

©1985 AT&T Communications 

IF VOUCAN FILL THE 8UNI(S-THE 
GUARDIAN WANTS "OU! CALL 452-
6580 AND ASIC PHIL, FOt AN 
INfEIVIEW. BRING A PORTFOLIO. 

same high-quality, trouble-f~e service you're 
used to. . 

With calls that sound as close as next door. 
Guaranteed 600;6 and 40% discounts off our Day 
Rate-so you can talk during the times you can 
relax. Immediate credit for wrong numbers. 
Operator assistance and collect calling. 

So when you're asked to choose a long dis-
tance company, choose AT&T. Because whether 
you're into Mozart or metal, quality is the one 
thing everyone can agree on. 
Reach out and touch someone. 

ATs.T 
The right choice. 

Monday, Septemlxr 3D, 1985 25 
FEATURES 

Livermore Lab-oratory 

Can we talk? BLOOM COUNTY by Berke Breathed 
The follOWing is an interview 

with a public relations staff member 
at the Lawrence LiVfrmore National 
Laboratory. 
Q: How are students integrated 
into the labs? 
A:. Many of our employees are in 
education programs and are able 
to study for undergraduate and 
graduate degrees. These gradaute 
students all do their work here at 
the labs on projects, some of 
which are unclassified, which 
the student can work on and 
then do his thesis. 
Q: How are projects initiated? 
A:. Projects are ini tiated primarily 
by our office in Washington. The 
government wants to have a 
certain work done so they define 
what sort of work and they 
provide the fundmg as well. 
Q: To what extent do the labs 
define their own work? 
A:. The government does nOt ask 
us if a ,project is desireable; they 
ask us if it is possible. That is 
political policy. The government 
wants to know if research can be 
done, then they decide whether 
or not they want to pursue it. 
We really don 't have much 
influence- in many cases the 
political and economic factOrs 
have more influence in the 
decision than the scientific 
factor does. For example , right 
now there arc many projects the 
government wants us to work on, 
but the most important issue 
politically to the President is the 

deficit, so he is trying to develop 
a budget and a tax reform. He 
suddenly reversed ·the budget for 
the labs, so this year we had a 
rather tight budget. 
Q: To what extent does the 
university inOuence the work at 
the labs? 
A:. ue management does not 
direcdy enter into that-only . 
after we repon to the President's 
advisory committee and the 
Regents oversight committee on 
what has been going on. Before 
we report 10 the President and 
committees, we do not check 
with the Regents to see if that is 
okay. That's been the 
understanding all along. The 
Regents do not get involved in 
the exchange between the labs 
and the DOE (Department of 
Energy) on technical questions 
The problem is that most of 
those people cue Regents) are 
not well enough informed to 
influence policy. 1 would say that 
the Regents probably influence 
national policy in a much 
different way because many of 
them are very well-known people 
politically and have political 
connections through senators 
and the administration, where 
their opinions as individuals 
may carry more weight than 
what we say here as scientists or 
as a director of the laboratory. 
Q What is the univerSity'S role 
in the labs? 

Please tum to page 26 

p----------------------------------~ : 
& 1)~' ~~.,..u ~ : 

1)cP ~~-: ,.,...t 1J'-'~;hd"eP ! 1~'f), 1~ ~4-~et'4- ~ : -u.e.~~~~ ! 
tt!I'*, ~ ~_IJJt I ~. ~ ,,--- J,~' I 

1t()1(J. : 

THE PINES OF LA JOLLA 
STOP WASTING RENT MONEY 

trom'71,990 

Models Open Daily 10:30 - 5:30 
Thursday 2:00 - 9:00 p.m. 

452- 1152 
8324 Regents Road 

~TY 

Minutes from Campus 
Underground Parking 

Pools, Spas, Racquetball 

VA/ FHA 
Conventional 

Financing 
Available 

Price. and term. subJect 
to Change Without no lice 

I 
I 

1T'5 11/Ift ... 
rtf( .ll1If(f;AI(. 

r------.....;....., 

,.../,{.tv. r~ .. 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS 
pracntl 

from Bolivia 
Sen Diego Pmnlcrc Pcrfonnlncc 

fS\t:HII\TR( HELP 
5¢ 

Ole. lUCV 1M PELT . 

LOS Hjarkas 
MUSIC OF THE ANDES 



MOl1day, September 30, 1985 

FEATURES 

OFFICER TRAINING SCHOOL 
WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? 

Air Force Officer Training School has a lot to offer you. Com-
pleting this three-month school could be the first step toward a 
challenging and rewarding career. We offer a good starting 
salary ... an opportunity (for those with special qualifications) 
to do graduate work at little or no cost ... complete medical and 
dental care ... 30 days of vacation with pay each year ... low 
cost life insurance .. . and much. much more. We also offer you 
experience ... Air Force experience. It all adds up to one of the 
finest opportunities available to young men and women today . 
Find out more about Air Force Officer Training School and 
what it can mean for you and your country. Contact 

TSgt Tom Peronto 
8775 Aero Dr., Suite 330 

San Diego, CA 92123 
293-5737 

LIVERY THAT-S 
WINNING THE WEST 

WELLS FARGO SIUDENT' DANS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the-
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
We Make It Simple: No additional bank forms 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer your ques-
tions. We appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose Wells Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank. Soon after you mail 
us your application, you 'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more information, we'd be happy 
to help .. . phone or write us today! 
Call (800) 641-0473 Toll-Free 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

Wells Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
P.O. Box 9368 
Walnut Creek. CA 94598 
(. 1965 WFB. N A. 

Labs 
Continued from page 25 
A: The most fundamental 
responsibility they have is they 
must select the director of the 
laboratory and assure themselves 
that the laboratory is adequately 
staffed. They're in the process of 
selecting a new director for Los 
Alamos right now. They evaluate 
how well Ihe direclor and staff 
are doing in the quality of 
work-but it's an assessment that 
goes on after the fact , nOt before 
the fact. 
Q: What would be the effect on 
the quality of research if UC ties 
were severed? 
A: It would depend on who Ihe 
new manager was, whelher it 
became a civil service laboratOry 
or if a smoke-slack industry 
became th e new contrac tor. A 
ce rta m numbe r of the employees 
would resign With in a year ,lOd 
rhere IS certam to he ,I l(1s~ 10 
quail!) since the Iabllr..ttol)· 
personnel all come to work for 
the unt\'erslty ,md the lab 
management IS tuned In UC If 
you make .1 sevcre lh,lOge 10 
that you are gomg 1O lo,e a lOt of 
people, Ihen the na tl on suffe rs 
because the laboralOry doesn't do 
a good Job. 
Q How does nu lear resean.h 
bene fi t the UC communtty? 
A: The fae ul!)' who arc mvolved 
In Ihese collaborations as 
consultants have a cess to 
technology that other' don't. 
Q: If the DOE were to be 
discontinued , would the DOD 
(Department of Defense) favor 
the labs' research? 
A: Probably not. I don't Ihink 
anybody at Ihe laboralOry would 
want the Regents reporting to Ihe 
DOD. (By the way, the general 
feeling is that the DOD does not 
want lo manage Ihese 
laboratOries.) What might 
happen is that by default Ihe 
DOD might end up having the 
labs in Iheir laps and I don't 
think that's very good for the 
nation to have the DOD, through 
a civil service system, managing 
the laboratOnes that are doing 
work so crucial to the nation . 

;:;:;::=::::::::;:::::;::::=:=:::::::=;::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::;:::::: 

Write 
fealures 

for the 

Guardia'nll 
Come to our 

new writer's meet-
ing on Friday, OcL 
4, at 3:00 pm, at 
the Guardian Off-
ice, or call Qenee 
at 452-6580. [n -
vilaUons 
quired. 

not re-

. 

MOllday, September 30, 1985 27 
FEATURES 

Old house 
Continued from page 9 named , includes a giam slepped 

stone structure which has been 
identified as the ciladel of David . 
Also , a set of tunnels was found 
that brought water to Jerusalem 
3000 years ago. One tunnel is 
called Warren's Shaft, built by 

Warren's Shaft are photographs 
of the long process of 
excavation . Many UCSD sludents 
who participated in the 
excavarions are pictured in these 
photographs. 

dI scovery of actual. Identifiable 
personal property of someone 
mentioned rn the Bible. 
Friedman said . 

The Judaic Studies faculty will 
now tum to the task of 
identifying a new site for future 
summers of excavarion. 

Bond 
named 
Provost levels, smaller tools were used 10 "go down real slow and b~sh away the dirt from the pouery," he said . 

from the beginning, there was 
no real training. "Nobody knew 
whal they were dorng," Koble 
said . But supervisors watched 
carefully to make sure the proper 
care was taken. 

the Canaanites, it could be the 
tunnel through which King 
David 's men secretly made the 
first attack that led to the capture 
of Jerusalem. At the entrance of 

The most dramatic discovery 
was that of 51 bullae (personal 
seals). which make impressions 
in clay. T.hey had been preserved 
in a house that burned down 
when the Babylonians destroyed 
Jerusalem in 587 B.C. Among the 
seals is one belonging to . 
Gemaryah ben haphan, who is 
mentioned in the book of 
Jeremiah. This IS the first 

Friedman is presently 
completing work at UCSD on the 
issue of who wrote the Bible. He 
said that on November 16, he 
plans to bring together five 
arc haeologis ts from Israel and 
the United Stales to repon on 
this year's major discoveries In a 
day-long seminar at UCSD. ~ 

Dr. F. Thomas Bond, who had 
served as aCling provost of 
Revelle College at Ihe University 
of California, San Diego. has 
been named provost of the 
college. 

According 10 Friedman. the 
analogy used thoughout the dig 
was the idea of "peelIng away an 
onion." Layer aftcr layer of dirt 
was swepl away to reveal ponery 
shards, the wall of a house. or 
even a tunnel long forgonen . 
Each find was preCisely 
identified and pall1stakingly 
recorded . 

The dwellrng found Ihis 
summer marks the end of this 
particular excavation, because il 
sits on bedrock. "We hit bedrock 
in almo~t every area . Once you 
hit bedrock, there's n thing left 
to dig." Friedman said . The 
project was originally planned to 
lasl five years, but was prolonged 
due to its success. 50 UC 0 
sludents participated in four of 
the eight seasons 

Bond. an associate professor 
of chemist!'X. was named acting 
provost following the depanure 
of Chia-Wei Woo , who left In 
19B3 to become pres1dent of San 
Francisco Slate University. UC 
President David P. Gardner 
approved the seleclion of Bond 
as provost last month. 

Also, physics professor Dr-
David Wong has been named 
a'cting provost of Warren College , 
replacing Dr. Michael AddIson , 
who returned to teaching in the 
drama depanment. 

While the house stands 
testimony to the summer's hard 
labor, several Other finds from 
past seasons are of greater 
historical importance, Friedman 
said . The City of David 
Archaeological Garden, as It was History professor. Allcn Mitchell participated ill this summer's dig, whIch produced several oUlslal1dll1gfinds. 

Bond. who joined UCSD in 
1967 as an assistant professor of 
chemistry, has won four campus 
Excellence in Teaching awards. 
and is the author of numerous 
seholarly papers. He has been 
active on several campus 
committees including the pre-
med adviSOry commiuee , chair o f 
the academic senate committee 
on educational policy, the 
chanceUor's committee on 
campus growth and the 
enrollment projections review 
committee. ~ 

VISUAL ARTS DEPARTMENT 
------Fall Quarter' 1985------

Open Classes 
105B. INTERMEDIATE DRAWING - Cohen - TTh 3100-5100 HL 1200W 
Please see course description in the UCSD cataloa. 

I06B. INTERMEDIATE PAINTING - Cohen - TTh 9:00-11:50 WC 307 
A studio course in paintinll, stressing individual creative problems. 

I07E- ART IN THE LANDSCAPE - H. Harrison - TTh 3aOO-5:OO WC 319 
A studio course explorinll any kind of sculpture that can be placed in the landscape, 
ranging from micro and actual objects to monumental installations. and including 
trails, meditation spaces, .helters, micro and macro paries and plazas - any kind of 
three dimensional work claiming the external environment. natural or urban. as its 
context. Prerequisite: VA 107A or consent of inatructor. 

I07H. THE OBJECT AS SCULPTURE - Phillips - TI'h lZaOO-2:S0 WC 319 
Peter Phillips is • visiting profeasor - highly recommended. This class consists of 
creating three-dimensional objects by a variety of basic techniqlHll such as building 
negative molds out of cardboard from which a positive object is cut in molding plaster. 
We will also use wood, cardboard, and found materials/ objects to ~xplore a basic 
atritude toward sculpture. Besides the studio work, there will be lectures and slides with 
emphasis on contemporary work. May be repeated once for credit. Prerequisite: VA 
107A or consent of instructor. 

U5D. CONTEMPORARY ART - Agalidi - MWF 9100-9:50 HSS 2150 CI ... 
lTII:etings have been chanKed to MWF 9-9:50. 
Please see course description in the UCSD catalog. 

USC. TOPICS IN MEDIEVAL - Von Lates - TTh ll:3o.U:SO Tl.H 109 
RENAISSANCE AND BAROQUE EwrofH=! An in t~ S~ Century 
Professor von Latea is a permanent addition to the Vilual Ana faculty. 
The .ixteenth century was one of the richeat and ml»t complex periods in the history of 
western art. In this course we will examine the influence that Raphael and Michelanaelo 
had on the ~neration of young artiaa workiOl in Italy after the traumatic sack of Rome 
in 1527. Hisroriana have arlllled that the lpiritual crisis and aocial revolution brouaht 
on by the Protestant Reformation led to the emeramce of a bizarre and extravapnt style 
of art,known as Mannerilm. We will consider the concept of Mannerism in lixteenth-
century culture in a disculaion of the work of Romano, Sarto, Parl1lllllianino. Bronzino, 
Cellini. and others. Durinll the second half of the term we will discuss the impact of the 
Reformation on the careers of Northern European 1rtiItI. 111100II them Durer. 
Cranach, Grunewald. and Srucael. Finally. wewillobeervethee~of aCounter-
Reformation style of art in the work of Tintoretto and El Greco. Particular emphasis 
will be givm to the chanac in the aocIal and intellecrualltatul of the artist. and his 
emergence as a culture hero in the biographies written by Gioraio Vuari. 

128D. TOPICS IN MODERN ART - Agalidi - MWf 11:00-11:50 Man 106 
Political Art in the Twentieth Century 
Class meetings have been changed to MWF 11-11:50. Professor Agalidi is a visiting 
professor. 
The course begins with the founding of the Berlin Secession and the opening of the Paris 
Metro in 1898. It considers me conver~nce or divergence of patterns of artistic 
influence and specific art styles as related ro politics, with an emphasis on nationalism 
and foreign politics in France. Ensiand, Germany, Italy and Russia. While examining 
the relation between declared and undeclared forms of political art, the course 
concentrates on the former. Industrial design and architecture - i.e., the German 
Werkbund, the Bauha~ - as well as international exhibitions - i.e .• the Paris Art 
Deco exhibition of 1925 and the Paris World Fair of 1937, where Picasso's Guernica 
was on display - will be examined from the viewpoint of their inclusion in systems of 
signs conveying specific political interaction. Italian and Russian futurism, activist 
expressionism and constructivism. realism in Germany, surrealism in France, national 
socialist art, socialist realism and the "Popular Front" style of the 30's will be included. 
The course ends with the Second World War's end in 1945. 
lZ9A. SPECIAL PROBLEMS IN ART - Agalidi - TI'h 9:00-11:50 Man 106 
HISTOR Y AND CRITICISM (Dialogue between Art History and Art Criticism) 
An inqui'ry into the conditions of devdopment of art criticism and art history as 
separate, yet interacting activities. It will examine their respective functions. domains of 
reference and rhetdrics alongside distinctions between the prophetic, the intuitive and 
the reportorial on the one hand. and the chronologic, the descriptive and the scholarly 
on the other, The mediating role of structural models and theories of representation 
will be considered. as well as the post-structuralist argument. The inquiry attemptS to 
identify the moment of imagination in the art historian's work and the historical 
moment in that of the critic. A selection of XlXth and XXth century texts will serve to 
explore the subject. 
151. HISTORY Of EXPERIMENTAL flLM-Lawder - W6;()0.8;SOTUf 104 
An inquiry into a specialized alternative history of film. consistinll of experimental 
worles made ouaide the conventioN of the movie induatty and which in their style and 
nature are doter to modernist painting, poetry. etc. than to the mainstream theatrical 
cinema. Worles by luch film artists as Man Ray, Salvador DaU. Maya Deren. Stan 
BralchIF. and Michael Snow will be examined in depth. Prerequisite: VA 84orconsmt 
of instructor. 
N01C: Materials Fee required. 
187. ANIMATION · Lawder - MW lZ:00-Z:5O Man 103 
Founded in a historical context of penonally produced work, Iqinning with Emile 
CoM and conpnuina throullh contemporary work, this production course will cover 
both the theory and technique: of film animation. Video animation will be discuued. 
Drawn. cell, object, -"d cou. animarion will be explored, Students should anticipate 
spendinillarae quantitiea of time outside of class on their projeca. Each student will be 
expected to complete several asaignmena as well ... three to fi~e minute 16mm film. 
Prerequisite: consent of instructor. 



28 Mo~day. Seplember 30. 1985 

. 0 

. ~ ~t . 
CORDURA MT. ST. HELENS PAC]( 

ASSORTED COLORS 
REG. PRICE: $27.50 SPECIAL: $16.95 i 

CORDURA MT. ST. HElENS PACK 
WfIH LFAlHER BOTIOM 

ASSORTED COLORS 
REG. PRICE: $35.50 SPECIAL: $21.95 

~~) 
..... 

~~~I"looded Sweatshlrl~~~ 

4Y2" Tackle TwiU Letters 
50% Polyester 
50% Cotton 

Heavyweight 
available In white or royal blue 

$28.95 

~UIII ERSIT¥4aa 
452-4291" . 

STaRI~ 

Monday. September 30. 1985 29 

Crocker Barikwon't keep you Wcliting • 
Anxiety is waiting for your bank to approve 
and process your student loan application. 
At Crocker Bank, we know how crucial it is 
to get your money quickly. Thats why we do 
everything we can to help. Our streamlined pro-
cessing and professional customer service make 
getting a student loan fast and simple. In most 
cases you'll have your money in one week 

For more information about how you can 
qualify fOr a student loan, see your financial aid 
counselor today. And then, send your completed 
student loan application to: Crocker Student 
Loans, P.O Box 38021, San Francisco, California 
94l38. Or if.you prefer, call Crocker toll-free 
at 800-874-6989, ext. 200. 

C Crocker National Bank. 1985 Member FDIC 

THEATRE IN rRE MAKING AT UCSD 
, 

1985-86 Season 
TUDENT COUPON SPECIAL 

5 PLAYS FOR ONLY $15.00!* 
Featuring: 
I~/ ,' Shakespeare's delightful comedy TWElFTH NIGHT 

I November 7-16 . 
The bawdy, robust satire THE ALCHEMIST 

Navember 14-23 
lWO NEW PlAYS: 
~LAXlH' AT CAMARILLO (December 4-8) 

and 
BAIT (March 7-15) 

PLUS 7 MORE P\.A YS DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR 

, . You pick and choose what ta see and save 40%! Simply purchase the discount coupon book NOW and 
redeem for tickers at a later time! See 5 plays Of take 5 friends ta see one ploy -

it's all up to you all year lang. 
CALl 452·3793 NOW. 

(*N.w SrudenllnfrOduoOl'( Off« - UnlilOcrober 19 brand new srudenl5 01 UC5D (freshmen, Iroosters, firsr-year graduates) CQ"t 
purchase 10 coupons fcx only ;1O.00! Thor's i1 ,OO a r~! 000'1 woil, 1h1s offef will end soon,) 

., ... 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -DETACH HEI\E - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - ---
~~ __________________________________ CQllG __________ _ 
.ADI)II,BS ClASS lMI ____ _ 

~--------------------------------~~- ~-----------



30 Monday, Septtmber 30, 1985 

ORGANIZATIONAl MEmNG 
MONDAY 
7aOO pm - Coed goff team meets for all 
interested golfers. In the Rec. Conference Rm. 
7:00 pm - Pep band meeting. If you enjoy 
playing an instrument and want to have a 
good timejamming at athletic contests. drop 
by, All Instruments needed In the Rec. 
Conference Rm 
TUESDAY 
4:00 pm - Women's Intercollegiate water 
polo rT1eeU'lg In the Rec. Conference Rm 
6:00 pm - Coed track team meets for all 
Interested athletes. In the Rec. Conference 
Rm 
7:00 pm - Intercollegiate baseball team 
meets Ai/Interested players should dttend. In 
the Rec. Conference Rm. 
7:00 pm - SAM Sooety for Advancement 
of Management presents" Managerial Skills." 
a discussion with .Jom Kuhl, industrial 
med iCine consultant . Organizational 
meeting follows. In HSS 2305. 
WEDNESDAY 
4100 pm - The Asian/Padtic Student 
Alliance is having a general mtg. at the N. 
Conf. Rm. today. Find out aoout APSA's tall 
ellents. All are invited. x2048. 
4cH pm - Archery Club meeting. Archers 
and non-archers alike welcome. In the 
RP.lelfe Commuter Lounge. 
7100 pm - Men's ..... et women's tennis 
teams meet tor all interested players. In the 
Ret. Conference Rm. 
8100 ... - Coed sailing team ~ tor all 
interested sailors. In the Rec. Conference Rm 
8100 ... - Coed bicycling team meets tlr 
all nertsted t)dists. In the Rec. Conference 

~. 
...... .- UCSD Snow Ski Club meets to 
discuss I4XOfTIing All-Cal trip and a year of 
fill and games. In Hl 1402. 
....... - Radically Inclined Ski Club first 
meeti Ig. Featuring ski film and information 
abOut ~ and events. In Hl 1402. 
THURSDAY 

- Do you like to sin91 The La Jolla 
Ovic/Uliversity Chorus (Music 950. 2 
credits, Mondays 7fJO pm to 9:50 pmJ is 
auditioning singers. Please call the Music 
Department at x3230 tor details. 
6rOO pm - lesbian and Gay Organization's 
(LAGO) first general meeting. Party 
afterwards. Come help us make pl ..... S for fatl 
quarter. and meet new and returning 
students. Promises to be a good time. In room 
205, Student Center. 

• 

ee 

C()nllr-atulati()n§ t() 
ENTERTAINMENT 
THURSDAY 
- Box Office tickets for the Thanksgiving ski 

trip to Park City. Utah go on sale. S210 indo 
transp. to and from Park City, deluxe 
accomodations, 4 days of lift tickets, a dance. 
opt Thanksgiving dinner & morel For more 
info call x4037. 
FRIDAY 
- FFOG RISC presents its infamous Banana 

Split Eating Contestl Each team of 4 gets a I 
ft. long section of Ice cream, bananas. 
whipping cream. nuts & cherries to devour as 
fast as possible. Cost is SI per team and the 
winning team gets their names engraved in a 
p laque & free RISC memberships. You can 
sign up at the first meeting Wed. Oct. 2. 8 pm 
in Hl 1402. x4037. 
8100 pm - All Bach: with the "King of 
Lutenists" (Die Zeit) Jurgen Hubscher. 
Scholarship benefit. In MAN B210 Friday and 
Saturday. Admission SID. 
9100 pm-I aOO ... -Come one. come all to 
APSA's Autumn Dancr at the Muir Cafeteria. 
It'll be a blastl Call 452-2048 for more info. 
Admission S3.SO studerlts. S4 general public. 
SUNDAY 
JaOO pm - All 8rahms: Sonata for cello and 
piano, Op. 99; Trio in A minor. Op.120; 
Ouintl!{ in F minor. Op. 34. PlCIltamura. 
voice; J. Zelickman. ~, violin; Staehle. 
cello; R. Zelickman. clarinet; lytle. piano. In 
Mandeville Aud. General admission SS, 
students/staff/ seniors SI. 
8:00 pm - La Musica - l..k'lexpected 
treasures from the Italian 17th century from a 
woman's point ot view. Girol Plantamura. 
voice. Jurgen Hubsmer, lute. In MAN B21O. 
General admission S5. students/staff/seniors 
SI. 

REUGIOUS FUNcnON 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD In the 
UrllVerslty Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
7:00 pm - Asian American Christian 
FellolNShip. All are welcome to attend our 
first meeting tonight in the mUlti-purpose 
room of the Student Center (over the game 
room). Come check us outl 

• 8100 pm - Men's Bible Talk. Topic -
"Seeking God: The Promise at Athens." 
Discussions designed to apply biblical 
prindples to our lives in a practical. relevant. 
and enjoyable way. Christian Student 
Association. In the Beagle Hall Lounge first 
floor. 
lVESDAY 
12100 pm - Corrmuter Bible talk. 
Designed specifically for students who live 
off-campus. ChristiCll Student AssocIation. In 
the Student Center B, lounge. 
8aOO ..... - Bible talks. ~mer"s stu~ 
located at G-8 Third College ,-.pIS. Men's 
stl4' located at 3407 Ne\V Warren Co/lege 
~ts. Topic - "Seeking God: The PrOl1'1lse at 
Athens," Christian Student AssocIation, 
w.DNaDAY 
9JOO ... - Catholic. Lutheran. Evangelical. 
lkllted and EpIscopal campus rrinistry staff 
meet for pr¥r CIld discussion at tt1e 
lklillersJty Lutheran Churcn. 
5100 ..... - Bible stu~ especially tlr 
undergrads. led t¥ Pastor John Huber. 
pastors stu~ at lkliversity LutherCll Church. 
6100 pm - Welcoming Barbecue hosted ~ 
the Lutheran students at UCSD. Open to all. 
University Lutheran Church, across from 
Revelle dorms. 
7:00 pm - Bible stu~ led by Lutheran 
students. Everyone welcome. In the 
University Lutheran Church. 
10100 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Cathelic Community at UCSO. In the 
UnillersJty Lutheran Churcn Chapel. 

THURSDAY 
6100 pm - lklited Campus Ministry and 
Sun House will sponsor a get acquainted 
Burger-Bash at the Sun House. fads ..... d 
Kline Street in La Jolla. For more inrormatlon 
and resevations call the lklited Campus 
Ministry Office at 452-2521. 
8rOO pm - Bible talks. Women's stu~ 
located at G-8 Third College Apts. Men's 
stu~ located at 3407 New Warren College 
Apts. Topic - "Seeking God: 'The Promise at 
Athens." Christian Student Association. 
FRIDAY 
7:00 pm - Chi Alpha Christian Fellowship 
meets in the Ch ..... cellors Bldg. IliA 
SATURDAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored t¥ the 
Catholic Corrmunity at UCSD. In the 
lkliversity Luther ..... Church. 
SUNDAY 
8100 & 10100 .... - Episcopal Churcn 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship. Good Samaritan Episcopal 

Church 4321 Eastgate Mall aaoss Genesee 
from east end of campus, north of La Jolla 
VlfIage Dr .• Intersection of Eastgare Mall and 
Genesee. 
8IJO ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Ulillersity Lutheran Churcn. ' 
8IJO ..... - Sojourners Christian Fellowship. 
In the Con~ence Room. Student Center 
Bldg. B. 
10100 ... - Lutheran Worship Service led 
by Campus Pastor John Huber. followed bv a 
welcoming brunch hosted by the 
congregation. In the lkliverslty Lutheran 
Churcn. across ITom ~Ie lJOrms. Y~Y5 La 
Jolla ~es Dr, 
I ...... - Catho6c Mass. Sponsored ~ 
the Cathelic ConvntJnity at UCSO. In the 
lower leYeI Con~rence Room. Student 
Center Bldg. B. 
5100 ..... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholk Community at UCSO. In the 
Ulillersity Lutheran Church, 

RKIIMTION 
ntUlISDAY 
5145 ,.. - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great ~. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coorcinators. In the 
Ulillersity Lutheran Churcn. DonatIon 52. 
SAnMDAY 
6110 ..... - The UCSO International Club 
will sponsor a fun-filled ellening of music. 
dCllong, activities. and an authentic buikHt-
)Ourself Mexican supper. The date: Satur~. 
October 12. The place : the UCSD 
International Center. The pl'lone number. if 
)OU have any questions: ~ at 450-9279. 
The fun begins at 6:30 pm - we hope to see 
)OU therel Cost IS $4. 

MAD •• C RRVICD 
IIONDAY....aAY 
........... - Q\S/S Brainstorm Sesslon 
br Ut/Spnsh 10. 25. 50 classes. Reading 
and \It\1Ung ass/g1mtt ItS in the abo\Ie classes 1M. be (jsQJSSed in order to help studentS 
gelleiatt' ~as and ~ an appropriate 
response. In USB 4010. 
1110 .... .... - Orcp-In Hours. For 
~ pertiIning to career planring.job 
hunting. resume critiquing, etc. 
appoiIlImeI.ts may also be sc:heG*d In the 
momi Ig ~ calling career 5eNia!s Center at 
452-3750. 
IIONDAY 
- ~~ MItsing Hours: For h$1IndIng 

d!sIrbIe part-time ~ detei" •• 1g 
career goals. .. a.ig b jobs or ecpIorIng 
professional or graduate school 
apponanties. No ippUi .. ,ltiIt n«esSaI)'. 
jJSt walk-In. In the career SeMces Center. 
II .. _ -~ "":JewIng 
OrIentation, If )'OU are Interested in 
pIrtidpatIng In the career SeMces Center's 
~ interviewing program this 
~. It Is mandatory that )'OU attend one 
d these orientations bebe you •• lei \/lew, In 
the Career SeMa!s Center. 
"""MY 
- ~In AdIIisIng Hours: For h$ wtth 

career goals. JOb hun~~me 
~or~ or 
graduate school opportunities. No 
iJWOi ibhent necessary. just walk-in. In the 
c:areer SeMces Center. 
I .......... - The l.ar9Jage Prog'am 
~ I -ThIs O'\SIS progIam tbaAses on the 
ttillidllg sIdIs )'OU need to ~ 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assI!J"1l!d ... )'OUr courses. It Is dtsigrIed Ibr 
1hose who want to perfect their EnglIsh 
/angU9 sIdIs. lP dmes are taLqtt by 
reading and wrtting spedaIIsts and bilingual 
tutors. lP Is presented ~ the OASIS 'M1tJng 

-ale 
Center and the OMIS Reading Center. In 
USB 4010. 
ZIOI ... - On<ampus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
participating in the Career Servi~ Center's 
on-campus intervie\Vlng program this 

~rter. It Is mandatory that you attend one 
of these orientations ~ you interview. In 
It1e Career SeMces Center. 
lIDO .... - Pre-MedIcaIj[)entaI Services 
IntrockJctIon - Frestmen and trans~ 
studentS considering careers In medicine and 
cIentIstJy will learn about the var1ety of 
campus seMces NllIabIe and how to plan 
their currioJUn. In HSS 1330. 
_D •• MY 
_ ~In AI:MsJng Hours: For help wItft 

career goals. Job hun~~s=me 
~ or expIonng or 
graduate school opportunities. No 
ippUi 1D'1er'It n«esSaI)'. jist walk-In, In the 
career SeMces Center. 
I'" _ - 0'I<ampuS InteMeWIng 
Orientation. " you are Interested In 
partldpating In the Career SeMces Center's 
on-campus InteMewlng program this 

~rter. It Is mandatory Ihar you attend one 
rJ these orientations I:Jc!tbre you .1teI9ie\ ...... In 
the Career ServIces Center. 
I .... ..-3_ ..... - Semester at Sea 
iJtbrmatIOn table: AttentIOn all studentsl 'tbu 
can sail around the world and NIT1 academic 
aedt ttvoug'I the U'lM!rSity of PIttsburgh at 
the same timel Semester-at-Sea 
representatIII' .JearY1e Kelley will be on 
c::arJ1U to tell you all about It. In the Student 
Center Hump. 1_ .... - The Ma1tetable Resume 
\M:IrICshOp. Learn how to ccnstruct a state-
oHhNIrt resume that wi. make )'OU stand 
out "'om the aoINd. In the Career SeMces 
Center. 

f()r- winning the 

~ 
'lU'lSDAY 
...... 00 ..... - Pre-Dental Students: Dr. 
Tanaka of the UCSD Med Center's Dental 
ClInIc Is holding a "Fadal PaIn Seminar" the 
1m TuesdayofeYel}' I\'IOt-.tI beginning Oct, I. 
ExtensNe CDWrage of material will Include 
tIo'i!I)'Ct*1g '""" ~ to actuaI~ ~ 
hospIta/ltlUnds. " Intel tsttd. you must notify 
Cieri at x4022. 

~I~h f)e£Jak & TUID imlth 
. .. . 

4100-5100 ..... - Semester At Sea Slide 
Presentation. sponsored by the 
Opportunities !.broad Office. Take this 
opporturity to see a slide presentation on 
Semester at Sea. A stOOj program offering a 
rouncl-the-INorld voyage for academic credit 
through the lklillersity of Pittsburgh. In the 
International Center lounge. 
7_ pili - Pre-Medical Orientation -
IJVhat does It take to get Into medical school7 
Find out about requirements and 
opporturities. In the Sd100I of MedIcine. 
Garren AudItorium. 
1HUIIIDAY 
- Orcp-In ..-.cMsing Hours: For help with 

career goals. job hunting. resume 
preparation or ecplorlng ~ or 
graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. In the 
Career Servi~ Center. 
12100 p .... hOO pm - Financing 
Educational I\ctMties Abroad (inti session 
sponsored by the Opporttrnies Abroad 
OtIicel: Want to get abroad but don't know 
how to IInance )'OUr ~1 Come to (tis info 
session to learn about a variety of options at 
the undergraduate and grac1Jate levels. 
Including flnandal aid. scholarships, 
funaaising. and IIIIOrkhg abreact. In the 
International Center lDunge. 
ZIOO pili - interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do you need help ... preparing tbr job 
inteNiews1 Career Se~ Center will 
prcMde tips on the best W¥ to present your 
qualifications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Career SeMces 
Center. 
Il1O _ - On-Campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are Interested In 
partJc.iparIng in the career Sen.1crs Center's 
on-campus Interviewing program this 
quarter. It Is mandatcry that you attend one 

Monday, Sepltmber 30, 1985 31 

IX t~ orientations before you in~.ln 
the Career Servi~ Center. 
PRlDAY 
- DrOlTln Advising Hours: For help with 

career goals , job hunting. resume 
preparation or exploring pro~ or 
graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-In. In the 
Career Servi~ Center. 
..... 10100 ... - The OASIS GM 
(Grammar & MectlanicsJ ~rIcst)op in 
designed for students who would like to 
work on darifying basic grammatical 
CDncepts and categories. and ~ ~ 
in an extensille. systematic series d practical 
exerdses. An exerdse manual to be 
purchased ~ the student wi" be used. All 
IIIoOrk will be co~ed in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 4010. 
... _ - The Marketable Resume 

~rkshop. ~am how to construct a state-
of-ttlt-art resume that will make you stand 
out from the aowd. In the Career SeM~ 
Center. 
II" _ - O'l-Campus InteMewlng 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
parti~ng in the Career Se~ Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
CJl<1rter. it is mandatory that )lOU attend one 
of t~ orientations betbre)lOU inteMe\V. In 
the Career ~ Center. 
1 .... 2100 ..... - StuOj Opportunities in 
!he U.K. and Ireland (lnlb session sponsored 
by the 0pp0rWnities Abroad Offtcel: Meet 
with representtilies from Beal.'er College 
Center for Education Abroad and the 
UWersity of EastAnglia (Norwlct1. EngIandl. 
BeiMr College oI'I'e's stuOj and Internship 
programs ttYouglout England. Scotla'ld. 
Wales. and lreWId indudIng at the l.niIIetsIty 
of East AngIia. In the Intemadonal CMter 
Lounge. 

ieptember- ~li 

SERVlCDj'WOIIICSHOPS 
n.lDAY 
4100 pm - Informational meeting 
regarding the RemIIerlng from Eating 
Disorders program sponsored by 
f'¥hOIogIcaI and Counsefing SeMces. In HL 
1003. 
.aNBllAY 
.... 10100 ... - Gra!lJate Women In 
HumanItIes Group - Ttis Is a weekly 
support group tbr graduate women studentS 
In the HumanItIes concen ltd with personal. 
proIessIonaI. and academic Issues. Ltd by 
MIrWn IosupcMci and Heather laird. 452-
3755. In HL 1003. 
111M ~ - IntbrmatJonal meeting 
repdlng the IecXMr'InQ tom Eatt1g 

Disorders program sponsored by 
~ and CounselIng SeMces. In HL 
1003. 
PlllDAY 
2100 ..... - Alcohol and SUbstance Abuse 
Group - Ifyou'~ ~ asked "do I hate a 
p!obIem7' Owlces are)lOU do hI\ote a ~ 
things to talk about 5rudents IX "'Y age or 
history with substanceS are welcome to 
partJdpate in the week~ dIsCl.IssIons. Before 
joining the goup Interested studInts are 
asked to call Becca at 452-3755 to mike an 
~ Ib.ltlit with one of our CXU1SetDrs to 
~ If the group will meet their needL Led ~ 
DIn Mu'1Oz and~ IrUrl'-..In the 
IIeYeIIe I'nM:IIt's dIIce. ,v. 



32 .Monday. xplembcr 30, 1985 

Water polo begins new 
By TOM FERGUSON 

ACCORDING TO Denny Harper, his men's water polo team this year 
represents a "new era." After five 
years of coaching water polo 
teams at UCSD, he has none of 
the original team members left 
from when he began in 1980. 
With quite a few transfer 
students and only cwo returning 
seniors this season, one would 
tend to think that Harper would 
be concerned about the players' 
lack of experience as a team -
but au comraire, He has a good 
feeling about the 1985 Tritons: 
'T hey've been working so 
hard ... they played together in a 
spring and summer league and 
statted getting their confidence 
together... it carried over to this 
year's team." 

weekend's UCI Tournament, and 
were going to try to repeat their 
performance last Friday at home. 

As well as being in "good 
shape" competitively, the water 
polo team is also in good 
physical condition. After 
finishing the spring/summer 
program, Harper took fifteen 
members of his team to Pinecrest 
(6000 feet above sea level) to 
train for five days before 
returning to UCSD for double 
workouts (twO a day) until school 
began, when they returned 10 a 
one-workout-a-day schedule. 

Despite there being an 
abundance of new faces this 
season, individual as well as 
team play has been outstanding. 
The cwo returning seniors are 
goalie Duncan Millar and forward 
Tom Moore . Millar is an All-
American candidate this year 
and had 15 saves against Fresno 
State; Moore is the highest 
returning scorer. Another senior, 
Dan Kale, is a transfer student 
who, according to Harper, 
"represents the size factor ... he 
is extremely fast." Kale is co-
captain with Moore. 

era 

Coach Harper claims that his 
Tritons are "are in good shape 
now." This, however, refers not 
only to their physical well-being, 
but also to their standings. After 
eleven matches the Tritons are 6-
5, but Harper says that they are 
playing well. "We're playing 
stingy defense, not scoring as 
many goals as we would like ... 
but we've beaten good schools 
like Pepperdine, Fresno State, 
and loyola-Chicago (a team that 
the Tritons had never beaten 
previously) ... we've lost to the 
bi~r schools with scholarship 
programs, such as USC." The 
Tritons also defeated rival 
Claremont-Mudd 8-4 in last 

Other players, both returning 
and new, have added much to 
the Triton squad. Junior Steve 
Schatz was called upon to 
replace last year's holesetter 
chores, and has filled in quite 
nicely along with Kahl and 
sophomore Larry Sanders. 
Sanders sat out last year and has 

The Tritons nltd to knock 0/ some of the high!y ranked teams in 
order to become the first Viv. 111 team to play in the NCAA 
Championships this year. 

UCSD is currently ranked 11th in the nation after placing 15th 
last year. The T Titons have early season victories (Ner Pepperdine and 
Loyola of Chicago, two of the better teams in water-polo. 

Leaney's ladies 
take two 

Attitude, it would seem, is 
making aU the difference 
between winning and losing for 
John Leaney's soccer team. The 
female kickers shook off their 0-
4-1 record this week to score 
two impressive victories against 
Pomona Pitzer and Division m 
rival Redlands. Apparently all it 
took was a change in coaching 
philosophy, and the return of a 
player [eaney had not counted 
on playing at aU this year. It 
appears as though the fickle 
finger of fate has done an about-
face . 

Coach Leaney had at no time 
guestioned the hustle and 
fortitude of his team's efforts 

throughout their first tough 
losses. It was those losses, on the 
contrary, that enlightened 
Leanex. "While reflecting over 
the defeats," the cqach said , "I 
realized we may have been 
actually trying too hard and 
therefore becoming anxious 
when we had the ball. We were 
forcing passes and shots and not 
playing naturally." 

After a losing road trip to 
Westmont and-San Luis ObiSPO, 
Leaney was tempted to order the 
~irls in for some extra practice . 
' Instead , I gave them a Sunday 
and Monday off," Leaney said , 
"The girls came back more 
relaxea . and I told them to relax, 

have some fun and not let tbe 
defeats get them down." 

Leaney's pre-game talk before 
the Redlands game differed 
radicaDy from some of the 
previous ones. "Instead of asking 
for more effort and commitment 
I told them to go out and enjoy 
themselves," the coach 
explained, ·play naturally the 
way we do in practice and nOl 
get anxious." The result was a 
12-0 trouncing of Redlands team 
that was out of the game from 
the opening kick. It was, in tht' 
words of Leaney, "a goal feast." 

Not only did Leaner take a 
different psychologica tack in 
the Redlands game, he also made 
a tactical change that proved 
propitious. Leaney moved 
experienced senior Stacy 
Simmon from sweeper to 
halfback to give the midfield 
more control Stacy scored three 
times, as did junior forward 

Please tum to page 33 

worked hard to come back this 
year. Jeff Smith, a junior, "is 
playing the best water polo he 
has ever played in his entire 
life ," says Harper. "He has a flare 
for'the flashy play; you-never 
~now what 10 expect from him." 
Juniors Joe and Greg Wade, twin 
brothers, "make up a great bench 
this year," commented Harper. 

Harper says that his transfer 
players are also a big asset to his 
team. Todd SeDs is a freshman 
from Long Beach Wilson; Jim 
Torres has proved to be a team 
leader, "something needed for 
this young team," according to 
Harper. Torres and DarreD 
Denny, a junior from Saddleback, 
are "both very talented and will 
help in the long run." 

There are stiD qUite a few 

games left in the season which 
runs through the end of 
November, when the NCAA 
championships take place. 
Harper claims that the Tritons 
will need to knock out some tOP 
teams in order to gain an NCAA 
berth and have some good 
opportunities coming up . . 

The Tritons meet powerhouse 
UC Irvine at home on October 
26, and currently Nl-ranked 
Stanford comes to Canyonview 
November 1. Also upcoming is 
the National Invitational 
Tournament, which preceeds the 
NCAA Tourney, and which has a 
history of being dominated by 
strong Pac· 10 teams. So, if they 
use these opportunities wisely, 
Harper's "new era" could prove a 
successful one. ~ 

RIse embarks 
on 25th year 

UCSD's Radically Inclined Ski 
Club - or RISC, as it's known to 
ski buffs - begins its 25th year 
this quarter with a team meeting 
October 2 at 8 pm in HL 1402. 

The oldest and largest 
recreation dub on campus, RISC 
boasts an annual membership of 
300 skiers, making it the largest 

known to be an adept party club, 
as their pre-Cal attitude-
adjustment and Kamikaze parties 
can attest to. 

Oh, yes - the club also does 
a little skiing as well . This year 
RISC is planning three trips, 
including All-Cal winter Carnival 
at Steamboat, Colorado, a 

RISC thinks "snow" year round. Their first trip is planned for 
ThankSgiving. 

ski club in the UC system. 
RISC, as members wiD tell you, 

is much more than just a ski 
club, organizing events such as 
the ttaditional l00-foot long 
Banana Split Eating Team Relay 
Competition, the Car 
RaHy/HaUoween Patty, BroombaD 
and many others. RlSC is also 

• 

Competition that UCSD has won 
in five of the last six years. But, 
as club director Rick Smurlo 
points out, "The club is not just 
f~r experienced skiers. We 
encourage the beginners to join 
because there are plenty of 
events for them as well. For 

instance~ the All-Cal this year y,ill 

Monday, xptcmbcr 30, 1985 33 
SPORTS 

again feature the "Great Race ," a 
sort of scavenger hunt on skis, 
along with dances and jacuzzi 
patties, awards and prizes and 
just a general good time ." 

Leaner's ladies ... 
"Aside from that ," Smurlo 

notes, "the club is made up of all 
levels of skiers, so a beginner 
need not be intimidated -
there's plenty for him or her 10 
do and enjoy." Another facet of 
the club is the organization of 
intramural teams, RISC fielding 
teams in inner-tube water polo, 
bowling, floor hockey and 
softball in recent times. 

Although the ski season Is still 
a bit away, the club is gearing-up 
for it and urges all inrerested 
students to contact them at 
extension 4037, visit the office at 
Canyonview or attend the first 
team meeting on October 2. 
Thanksgiving Trip tickets will be 
going on sale the next day. 

Continued from page 32 
Adriene Clark as the Tritons 
blew Redlands out. Other goals 
were scored by Rachel King, Lori 
Pietila, Laurie O'Connell , and 
Lynn Bailey, 

The best news 10 come out of 
the Redlands game arrived from 
the doctor's office before the 
statt. Sophomore Wendy Inouvr 
- who Leaney had not counted 
on this season - was given 
clearance to play, her shoulder 
apparently healthy enough to 
stand up to the rigors or soccer. 
"Wendy really gave the girls a big 
boost," Leaney said , "ana 
inspired the girls to go out and 
play open, attacking soccer." 
Inouye proved to be more than 
just an inspirational figure, as 
she scorecf two goals to join in 
the fun versus Redlands. 

WEEKLY CALENDAR 
Men's Soccer vS. CSU San Bernardino 

vS. Cal Lutheran 
UCSD 
UCSD' 

Women's Soccer 

VS. Grand Canyon College 
vS. UC Irvine 
vs. Long Beach 
vs. All Cal Tournamenr 

UCSD 
Away 
UCSD 
UCSD 

Men's Water Polo vs. UCLA , UCLA 
vs. Nor-Cal Tourney Away 

Inouye also played a major 
role in the Tritons big win over 
Pomona-Pitzer. Overcoming an 
early Pomona goal and a 2-0 
deficit at [he naif, the Tritons 
rallied behind a goal credited to 
O'Connell and a penalty shot by 
Simmon. But it took a super 
ind ividual goal by Inouye to give 
UCSD the win. 'We reacrccl very 
strongly to the fi rst goal they 
scoreo, and carried the offense 
to them the rest of the first half," 
Leaney said , "but it took great 
courage and discipline to 
overcome the deCicit, and 
Wendy's brilhant goal, too." 

The Tritons now tum their 
attention to games against 
Claremont Mudd ana Westmont 
dunng the BGIF weekend. With 
fate'in their comer, the ladies 
could emerge at .500. At least 
their attitude is good . 

-.-

3:30 Monday 
3:30 Wednesday 
TBA Friday 
2:00 Sunday 
5:00 Tuesday 
TBA Friday & 

Saturday 
3:00 Thursday 

All Day 
Women's VoDeybaD vs. Elizabethtown, PA 

vs. Occidental 
La Verne 6:00 Friday 

Cross Country All-Cal Meet 
Men's & Women's Fiesta Del SoIlRoughwater 

Swim Teams 

Av."':''j 
Away 
Solana 

Beach 

7:30 Saturday 
10:00 Sat. 
4:00 Saturday 

--

SPBCW, nOMOI ION 
ror Stadea..· mECEmERrOR 

U.S.-PlfXJCM S11JDIf.S, 
UI'ftVERSITY or CAUrOM~ 
SArI DIEGO 

Reg. Price 15.95 Student PrIce 7.80 
COURSE BOOK 

DEPT, 

452-3844 
UIlIVERSIIY BaallSIDRE 

IIes6vcb Seminar on JIIuko 
and U.S.-JIIukan Relations 

fAU QUARTlR 1985 

Tn. R., •• fel'l s.mmar ' $ an ",,.mafloft. lI,,. recogruz.o 
ml,rolsclplln.rr forum lor preaent.tlOlf 01 n.w r •• N fel'l 
,nd publiC polICY ""SPflCtl"'.' "'''ftg WIth ItIe.r.IC.n 
de'l.IoQrnen"IIU" ,nd oth.r , .. ue. ,neellng re/atJOn, 
oetwHft ""'.'CO ,nd 1ft, Un tIed S"'es AU memo-rs 01 
tIN UCSD co mmuni/)' ar, "'come. as w,lI IS f, culty 
,nd "ud.nls tram alh.r unlvers,t,.s and members 01 the 
""n.", publiC 
AM sem ln.rs will be held In lhe .second -11OOr con lerence 
room, Inshlute of lhe Amenc .. BUlkllng, 10111 North 
Torrey Pines Rd UCSD C. mpus, La JoII, 
A brown·bag lu nch 1$ nald Irom ' 2 00 2 00 pm 
The ~Slnt",on' will O.gll'l . t ' 2 30 P '" 

Wednesday. S':tI)I.mber 25 
THE LAT .. AMEIIICAN DEBT CRISIS 
ROSEMARY THORP, 51 "n,ony 5 CoUege Odord and 
LAURENCE WHITEHEAD Acting Program O.reciOt 
Cente, fOr US - M~uuc.n StudieS w"l,nhoduce Ihe" 
tOl"lhCOtTung DOCk on the Lalln Amencan debt CHSIS 

Wednesday, OCtober 2 
EVALUATING STRATEGIES FOA 
ME_teAN AGIIICULTUIIE: 
A PANEL OF FELLOWS , 
JONATHAN FO)t polttleal SCNtn!!s!. Massachusells Insll-
lute 01 T.chnoloQy, Will speak on Ihe SAM 
HEUOOORO DIAZ CI SNEROS .gt' lcullura ' econQn'II.t 
Centro de ESl udtos del Desarrollo Rur. I Ch aPln~ w,lI 
sp.ak on the Plan Pueora .nd 
DAVID BARKIN eceno","'! UMIerSld8d Aui0n0m8 
"'ehooohtan. ·)(octumtlCQ Will I Deak on sOClahst IHe f-
nallves 1I0010wing ""S rec. n l Villi to North Korea) 

Wednesday Octobef 9 
THE "UILIC IECTOIII" MUICO 
SYLVIA MAXFIELD. pO""c.' sCI.nlt, l , Hlrvard un IVerSi ty 

w~t speak on 11'18 Shilling OI lane. between pubhc Ind 
p",'.le .nl,rOtIIl .nd 
GABRIEL SZEKELY, poIIIIC " SClln !!sl, EI COleglo de 

~Jl.tCO, Will sPt.k on PEMEX 

Weoneaday, OctoOet , 6 
INOUITIIIAl G_TtI ON ~ SOIIDelI 
AIID IN -.-CALIP_: 
CON_UOPTNE 
"'TJIINA_LIZATIOII OF INOU'TIIV 
JOSEPttGAUNWALO, PreafClent. InllJtul. of the Am., .. 
el •. w,lI .... on the ",.qui'-1oru , and 
MARIA PArflICI" FERNANDEZ·KELLY._", 
Inlhropotoellt. Cent.,. for US -Mealeln SludIM. will 
,pelk Q"I electronJCI and .... _menl industry in South · 
.rn Celltorntl. 

WedneSday. October 23 
nEDlIiIO MUICO CITY: 
Ttli ."ACT CII' THI CII'''' 
CYNTH'A HeWlTT DE ALCANTARA. SOClologJlt of 
d.vetopment. Et COtevlO de ~,UCO 

Weclnesoey. OC1OMr 31? 
THE OOVEIltlANCE OF /lllETllOI'OUTAN 
_TH AMEllteA 
VIC TOR JONES. In st llut. of Governmenlal Stud ••• • 
University 01 Cal lforma Berkeley, Wllllniroduce hiS 
research prOtect on MThe GoYern.nce 01 Mel ropolt ta n 
North Amenea t which Includes case slud les ot "' •• ,CO 
City, San 0 1.00-TIJuana. etc 

Wednesd.y Noyem ber 21 
ISSUES IN NUTRITION 
PAUL SALTMAN bIOlog ist UniverSity 01 Cahfornl. , San 
Otego Wilt diSCuSS hiS r'Harch on for1ll .ed mit. and 
problems of nutrit ion in MexICO 

"WINDOW ON THE UNITED STATES" 
SERIES I 

Contm umg our It'''' or mtorm, t dl$CuUlOn, w,th 'Nd· 
mg ex"." , on rn, US economy soc.ety ,nd polltlC. 1 
srs lem I«u l lng on CUff.nt '''u, and lortQ,r,'erm 
"ends IntendfiJ.specllHy lor htm Am. flcan VI51tor5 In 
"JId,nc. II UCSD (but open 10 ,It memDe" 0 ' tn. com-
mumty} 

Wednesday November 13 
U.S. ELECTION. AIID PAIITIES 
IN COMl'AIIATIVE PEIISI't!CTln 
AREND UJPHART , pok llCal SCllnll s l University of C.t! -
lorn II, San OItOO 



34 MOPlUl!y, -"P/LPlII>t:1 3(1. 1985 
SPORTS 

Men's Soccer scores 
upset over USIU 

Tritons had . 

Intl'8mural Captain Meetings 

In a late result Friday night, 
UCSD's soccer team scored their 
biggest upset of the year, dereat-
ing cross-town rival USIU 2-1 in 
a thrilling game played berore 
a large crowd at Muir Field . 

The victory lert the Tritons 
with a peneet 9-0 record and set up 
a showdown with Division I school 
St. Mary's that took place last night. 
The Tritons are now ranked 
number three In the nation 

Early in the second half, Phil 
Kenney took a short assist from 
Schwartz to beat the USIU goal-
tender and break the tie . The play 
was set up by a nice erossil1g pass 
from Scott Weisenberg. 

Coed Aoor Hockey 
Coed Aag Football 
Men's Aag Football 
Women's Volleyball 
Men's Volleyball 

Tue . 
Wed. 
Wed . 
Thu. 
Thu. 
Fri . 
Fri. 
Fri. 
Mon. 

Oct. 1 
Oct. 2 
OCI. 2 
Oct. 3 
Oct. 3 
OCI. '4 
Oct. 4 
Oct. 4 
Oct. 7 

Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Main Floor 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 

5 pm 
4pm 
5 pm 
4 pm 
5 pm 
3 pm 
4 IJm 
5 pm 
4 pm 

Before the game, senior 
sweep I Dennis Guttridge poke 
ahout the talent the Tnton had 
to face from the qUicker USlU 
team "They deslroyed Pt. Loma 
Nazarene 9-0, and we beat them 
3-0 ... wc reaUy want to make a 
good ~howl11g agal11st them-and 
11 would be very mel' to win." 

Coed Ultimate Disc 
Coed Team Tennis 
Coed Tube Waterpolo 
3-on-3 Basketball 

Again t the Division I USIU, 
the tritons pulled ofT an up~et of 
the hIghly regarded team by 
be,ltlng them at their own rough 
game. Seven yellow cards were 
handed out dunng the second half 
alone-predomlnantl)' agamst 
the frustrated USIU team-and 
several ncar fights threatened to 
ac derate tnto real ones. 

The Tritons scored first when 
forward Greg hwanz shot a 
Idt-footed bullet from thirty 
yards out, the ball JUSt getting in 
the top of the net. Unfortunately 
for UCSD, lhey ml played a ball 
in from of their net minutes later 
and U IU captL.llized 10 L.1kc the 
air out of any momentum the 

The Tnton's respcet for Ihe 
opposltlon \VJS not long In 
we,lnng thin , due to the 
aggressIve play of USIU . The 
Tritons m.llched US lU in cvery 
face t of the game and goalie 
Albeno Gomez made several nice 
saves orr USIU's comer kicks. 

The Tritons gm a special lift 
from a good-sized crowd of twO 
or three hundred on-lookers who 
thoroughly enjoyed the game. 
After thc game , the Tritons 
celebrated by cheering 
themselves and the fans . 

Uve at the Triton Pub 
--lbe Paladins--

playing Rocldn' Rockabl1ly 
ThIs Fri., Oct. 4-6:30-9:30 pm 

(after the TG) 

MEDICAL SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE 
If you ' re planning a career in medicine you 
owe it to yourself to find out about the Air 
Force ' s Health Professions Scholarship Pro-
gram . 

no cover charge - everYone welcome Qualif ied U .S . c itizens can receive scholar-
ships lor medital or osteopathic school. 

----Also daily at the Triton Pub---- • 
Our scholarships include : Foosball Made to order: 

Video games burgers. pizzas. sandwiches. 
1V. darts refreshments. lunch spedals 

Every Wednesday Is Imported beer day 
This week - S\Vink:Ies - from the Netherlands 

Tuition 
Required Books 
Required Lab Fees 
Required Equipment Rental and more than 
$602 Monthly St ipend 

----Entertainment every Frlday~----
For Details Contact : (appearing &om 4:00-6:00 pm): 

Fri. 10/11 Blond Bruce 
Fri. 10/18 Outriders 
Fri . 10/25 Rebel Rockers 
Fri. 10/11 Reflectors (HaIlovveen Party) 
Fri. 10/11 California AR.ro Drive 

. 

Presented by the UCSD Student Center &: Triton Pub 
For infO, phone 452-7221 

TSgt Bud KopuItll 
8775 Aero Orin. Suite 330 
San 01111. CA .123 
(811112t13-7057 
Collect CIUI Accept" 

Looking For Some Excitement In Your Life? 
Try an Urban Studies and Planning Course 

Open For Enrollment To All Students Fall, 1985 

USP 10 COMPARATIVE URBANIZATION: Historical and comparative survey of 
cities throughout the world. Ecological, SOCial. economic, technological, and cultural 
determmant of city Iocahon, form, growth, and decline. Urbanization movement 
following the Industrial Revolution. Role of the cIty as a force of culture and 
civilization. Tues.·Thurs. 1O:()()'11:20 (Blumberg) TLH 107. 

USP 102 URBAN ECONOMICS PROBLEMS: (Same as Econ. 135.) AnalYSIS of 
causes of congestion, pollutton, hOUSing and discnmination and segregation, crime, 
etc., and of public poliCies to deal with these problems. Prerequisite: one year 0/ 
[ower·diulslon economiCs MWF l.()()· 1:5O (Engle) HSS 2250. 

USP 123 HOUSING POLICY: (Same as Econ. 133.) Examines current ISsue in hOUSing 
poJtcy: hOUSing finance, renl control. neighborhood decline and revitalization, 
gentnficatlon and displacement , home·ownershlp affordab'ility, segregatton and 
discrimination, and low'lncom hoUSing. PrerequIsite: one year 0/ /ower·d,ulslOn 
economICs MWF Il:()()· 1l :5O (Phillips) TLH 194 

USP 131 COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNICITY: An examinatIOn of the 
Interactton of mlgrallOn and urbamzatton on community as a SOCial system. 
Charactensttcs of agencIes dnd organtZdtlOns which deliver services or Influence 
changes Will be approdched from the use of ethnlClty as a conceptual model. 
PrereqUiSiteS.' USP 131L (concurrently), upper·d,ulslOn standing Tues. Thurs. 
11;30· 12:50 (TholTldS) MCC 124. 

USP 131L COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNICITY LAB: Models for human 
service delivery, community development, action, and planning w~l be taught 
through exercises and IndiVidual projects. PrereqUiSite: USP 131 concurrent 
enrollmenl. Tues. 2:()()'3:50 (Thomas) TCHB 141. 

USP 144A ORIENTATION TO HEALTH CAREOIIGANIZATION: This course will 
provide an overview of the organization of health care within the context 01 the 
community with emphasis on the political, social, and cultural influences. It is 
concerned with the structure. objectives, and trends 01 major health·related 
programs in the United States to include sponsorship, financing. training and 
utilization of health personnel. Prerequisites: upper·division standing, consent 0/ 
instructor. Tues.·Thurs. 1:()()·2:20 (Brody) MCC 124. 

USP 150 THE BLACK GHETTO: Examination of the black ghetto from about 1880 to 
the presen t. Trends in mlgJ'ation, the palterns of economic and social adjustment, 
shifts in ideology and protest, and the demand for community control are themes. 
Tues.·Thurs. 4:00·5:20 (Thomas) HSS 2333. 

USP 152 ADULT DEVELOPMENT AND AGING : An examination of the 
development stages of early, middle, and late adulthood and their processes of 
behaVior change. Topics include impact of SOCietal and cultural factors, continuity 
and change In the indiVidual personality. influence of norms and roles, family life, 
adult sexuality, and ethnlcl/y as a cultural expenence in human development MWF 
9.00·9.50 (Thomas) TCHB 141. 

USP 175 ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS OF URBAN STUDIES: Man'sactivities 
have had dramahc Impact upon the natural resources of California's urban areas. 
The class will focus upon the nature and extent of such Impact with an emphasis on 
evaluating the current status of resource· related planning on management efforts. 
Major lhemes Will include politics of resource protechon; provISIOn of parks and 
open space; preserving natural drea; wildlife management; air and water quality 
ISSUes; land use planning by state agencies; protecting agrtculturallands and guiding 
the locahon 01 new development. The goal of the course IS to provide the student 
With a better understanding of the ways in which the natural resources of urban areas 
are being protected and planned for by government agencies and the limitations 01 
current programs. Prerequisite: upper·d,uision standing. M 3:()()'5 :00 (Crandall) 
TCHB I4l. 

UC Runners 
face difficult 
rebuilding year 
By MATT LAIT 

The herd of runners you may 
have seen around campus is 
UCSD's men's and women's 
cross-country teams training for 
the new '85 season . The two 
teams are in "rebuilding stages," 
according to Andy Skief who is 
coach of both teams. 

Already in the second week of 
the season, coach Skief is 
"having long runs in practice to 
establish a good conditioning 
base, which at this pOint," he 
admits, "seems a little weak." 

The men, who finished 12th 
in nationals and are defending 
Regional Champions. have only 
two of their staners back. This 
year's Triton team is comprised 
mostly of sophomores and 
freshmen. They will be relying 
heavily on the performances of 
Chris Thomas (their number one 
man), Tom Barlow, Tim VaUez 
and Chris McNatt. 

According to coach Skief, "the 
men will definitely have a tough 
time of it this year. In fact, as of 
today our top three: runners have 
not yet reported to practice and 
will miss our meet on Saturday 
due w NCAA rules. "This 
siluation," he added, "will give 
some younger runners a chance 
to gain experience and show us 
what they can do," 

Last week in the Riverside 
Invitational, the first big event of 
the year, the Tritons did "fairly 
well ," according to Skief, 
finishing 13th out of 22 reams. 
With the tOP runners absent, 
coach Skief is looking realistically 
at the men's team. He knows 
thaI "each meet will be a struggle 
this year." Skief does feel , 
however, that the ream's youth 
and desire to work will make it a 
promising force in the years to 
come, especially with the 
maturing potential of freshman 
Jan Barglanski and Steve Steck. 

The women, on the other 
hand, had a poor season laSt 
year but are looking fotward to 

" .. ,As of today 
our top three 
runners have not 
yet reported to 
practice .. , " 

having a very g()(xf season this 
year. Although this is a 
"rebuilding year for the women," 
coach Skief is "impressed by the 
caliber and balance of the team." 

Skid says the strategy for the 
women will be "group running as 
opposed to having just one 
ringer like last year." He also 
feels that these strong runners 
"will improve with every meet." 

The Triton women are led by 
Mary Siefert, SabrinaJensen, 
Gisile English, and returner Erica 
Rothenburger. 

The teams will be running in 
the Aztec Invitational at Balboa 
Park, lO:OO am this Saturday. 
Coach Skief is well aware that 
cross-country "has always been a 
lonely sport: but he is hoping 
for some student support at 
home meets. He is also looking 
for people who will help with 
meet management, proving that 
the runners are nOl the only part 
of the team that needs 
rebuilding. 

Edited by 
Marshall Blonsky 

Roland Banhes,jacques Derrida, Umbeno Eco, Michel Foucault, 
and others explicate the signs in subjects as diverse as El 
Salvador's deatft squads and ladies' lingerie, the letters of Pliny 
and the windows of Tiffany's, fashion, food , film , jokes, 
psychoanalysis, and history, 

The fony-six essays gathered here are either newly written for 
ON SIGNS or (save one) newly translated into English. The 
founders of semiotics, along with some of the leading 
·signmakers of contemporary culture, will astonish, enlighten. 
and amuse. 

$12.95 paperback 

MEET MARSHALL BLONSKY! 
Have Him Sign Your Copy of His New Book! 

THE PLACE: University Bookstore 
THE TIME: Thursday, Oct. 3, 1985, l1 :JO AM. to 1:30 P.M. 

REFRESH¥ENTS! 

A College Degree 
and no plans' 

81-( erne a 
lawyer s Assistant 

The UNIVERSITY OF SNII DIEGO, In cooperation with the 
National Canter for Paralegal TrainIng, aters an Intensive 14 or 
36 week LAWVER'S ASSISfANT PROGRAM. this Progam will 
enable you to put your education to work as a skilled member 
a the legal team 

• rlalllel oftered In the following fields: 
Generalist EvenIngs only) Estates. Trusts &. WIlls 
litigatIon Corporations & Reo! Estate 

• MA Approw.d • IlIIemIhip • ErnpIo¥ment AIIIItance 
For a free brochure about this career opportunity cali (619) 
260-4579 or mall the coupon bebN to: 
----------------------------

, Unt\crlilly d" San Dtc~) Room 318, Serra Hall ® Lawyer's Assistant ProtIram San DiIIO, CA 92110 
UCSD Name __________________________________________ _ 

Address ______________________________ _ 

__________ State _ ____ Z,P, _________ _ 

Summor Dey I. 
Juno 3 - AuguoI 30 

o Phone' __________ _ 
Fall Dey 11185 0 Spring Dev Ieee SeIM_r 8 - Oecembor 13 F • ....., ~ - .. ~ Ie 
Fill ewning 1885 0 Spring e_ng -
Septomber 26 - June 18. 1988 F.uary 25 - November 18 

o 
o 

The University of Sal" Diego does not diKriminate on the baais ot 
race , HX, color, religion. -0-. national OI'igin, ancestry, Of Mndk:ap 
In h. pollo i .. Ind progrlm. 

Monday, September 30, 1985 35 
SPORTS 

Just Minutes Away 
You can 

avoid 
those 
lines 

XEROX 
COPIE6 

on newest 
XEROX 

DUPLICATOR 
Additional discounts 
on Large Volumes 

Try us for 

We take the hassle 
out 

Mailbox Rentals Stamps 
privatr or business use, open 24 hr>. at face· value. 

Free Mail Check Mailing Materials 
10 save time & gas, phone us tu see If boxes, tape and packmg materoals. 
you havr mail for plck.up. 
Parcel Shipping Audio C~sset~~ Du~ing 
b· F-- ' I E U['S P I high spttd, hIgh 4U • ltty ,OpICS. y l:Uera xpre~1 ,or uro :n or 
Courier Service. Message Service 
Parcel Receiving we personally answer calls for you 
in.coming packages will be held for dUring bUSlnl'SS huur>, automatic 

answering after hour:. . you in Our Se(urity O/Ii(c. 
Xerox Copies 
full service, just ie /copy. 

N 
... 

0 
C>:: 
Vl 
I-
Z 
w 
lJ 
w 
cc: 

GOVERNOR DR 

Passport Photos 
Key Duplication 



36 Monday. Septfmber 30. 1985 

Home Federal's new checking LOWER MINIMUMS Voyager Magic Wagon and a wild 
accounts are bound to interest you. That same $1 ,000 is all you now west vacation, or other great prizes. 
Especially if you're interested in need for free checking. Plus, you'll But be sure to enter before 
earning higher interest. And receive 200 Home Federal image September 30. 
certainly if adventure and travel checks absolutely free. So come explore the benefits of 
intrigue you. You'll also be free to access your banking at Home Federal. You'll 
HIGHER INTEREST money 24 hours a day. Because discover we bring added value to 
Are you earning any interest at all on the same day you open your the things that interest you most. 
your checking account? Everyone at account you'll walk out with our Enlranls musl be 18 or older and a California ~ 

AnytimecardsM good at over 100 res ident. No purchase necessary. I ~_:·!l!!e l Home Federal is. They earn interest ~V~ on every dollar, every day. So why AnytimeTellerssM and 1,000 Star shou ldn't you? SystemSM automated tellers It's easy. And with our new statewide. 
Insured MoneyMarket Checking HIGH ADVENTURE P 
account, you can even increase the Check at any Home Federal office HOME FEDEJW. interest you earn-just keep $1 ,000 today and enter our Adventures with on balance. Keep $5,000, and your Interest Sweepstakes. You could win t2 ~c!fN-cau,6a",t~ rate is higher still. a holiday of a lifetime in the Swiss 

Alps, a cruise through exotic Tahiti, 
a Plymouth Colt or Plymouth 

. , 

Visit your nearest Home Federal office today. 
Or call 1-800-554-2626 for current rates and information. 

ASSETS OVER 59 BILLION 0 OVER 150 OFFICES SERVING CALIFORNIA 0 HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION 

CHECK THE YELLOW PAGES FOR THE OFFICE NEAREST YOU. 

Want t() bat .1()()()? 
4nd wh() d()ein·t? 
ie£ul'"e a iP()t In the 
iP()rtiwl'"ltel'"§· tiall ()' r=ame 
13l' wl'"ltina '()I'" the 
(3ual'"dlan wdal'. 
We· •• even pal' ),()U. 

£vnta£t J()hn at 4cj~·f)~S() 

FALL 1985 

Biochemical Genetics 
of Aging 

PEDIA TRIes 237 
INSTRUCTOR: Robert M. Hoffman, Ph.D. 
OPEN TO: Medical, Graduate and Undergraduate Students 

, COURSE MEETS: Room 168, Medical Teaching Facility, 
Tuesdays, 2·3 p.m. (First Meeting 10/1/85) 
TO REGISTER: Contact Dr. Hoffman at x3907, BSB Room 
4002 

TOPICS COVERED 
1) The nature of and rUlOl'll for Iging 
2) Aging in vivo and in uitro 
3) Evidence lor the role of gena in IIQing - studies in uiIIo and in uitro 
4) flfects 01 gene damage on aaIn8 
5) flfleta of I'IWtaboIiIm on aging 
6) POilibilitia 01 iIoIating MIfi.nrJ" gena 
7) Relationship of aging and cancer 
8) ReIItionahip of aging and diet 
9) Biochemical requirementl for • 1ong.1ife apan 

I TOYOTA' $ 't7raus ~S 
MlnorT ..... up~ 

Fr.-.... (reguW1y $80.00) 
II!1ke job includes. 
1 Install specIal r.w pads or 

inslalt ,... brake shoes 
2. Drain old brake fluid 
3 Inspect ~e hyO'autic system 
4. Aetill hyG'autic IIuid 
5. Bleed enlire Inke sysllll1 
6. Aqusl fronl (if ct\ms) and ,... shoes 
7. AIpIace Ironl rolor seals 

(with rotor 11m) 
8. AOIdIelI 
Nole: Hythulic jNrtS are nol incl. 

Clutch Job 
Spacial $199 
(reguI.ty $325.00) 
Hondii. Toyola. 0.1$\11 (nol Z models) 
and Volks Iype ' . 2 & 3 
We rlp/1ICe 
1 Trnmissoon Inpul shall seal (excepl HondIS) 
2 Presstn plale 
3 Cluldl disc 
4 TIYow oul *ino 
5 Poiol beIngs 
6 New trnmisston oil 
7 Road lesl 
Note Hychulic pMts are nol covnd 

IrIIII ... parts 
AU Ibout our specIII ...... 
.................. 

Spacial 135 (rwg. 160.00) 
0..- 1une-14I includes 1 lot men _ 0IIws. 
II Q:Iudes: 
1.5pIrIcplugs 
2. DistnIlutor paints 
3. CcIncIna 
4. Mjust liming 
5. ~ dwell angle 
6. Check & IIpIenish all 

IIuid 1 oil IIveIs 
7. Check braIIeI 

8 Check clUlch 
9. Check lighlS 

10 Check under-
CMroage for damiges 

f I. Check coofing 
systlm 1 hoses 

12. ADId WI 

.ator ServIce (26-poinI) 
Sp acIaIl99 (~1130.oo) 
0..-1IIIjar ,...... indudII 15. Check 1",1 
,. Coo,........ ..... bills 
2. VaIw........ llLIM1lllnl1IId 

......... : 17. Check 1 "IIIIIiIh II 

.- fluid 1 oiIlIveIs 3. Valw_ .... 
4. SpMc p/ugI. 18. ChIck InkAI5 
5. 0isIriIaJIIf points. 1 • . Check dulch 
6. ~, 20. Chick liFts 
7. Aif filter . 21 . Check IIIIIertafTiIge 
8. Otf filler. for dImIges 
9. Gas filter and 22 Check 1 rec:twve 

10. &IginII oil batltly if nec:.sary 
11 A4UsIliming 23 Chick lire PI_ 
12. A4uS1 dwell angle 24 LIM door honQes 
13 AdjUSl artIInIor 25 Chick coohng Sysllll1 
14. ~ air 1 lull 1 '-

ratio milhn 26 AoId lesl 
NoIe: 1 for 6-cyIinder cr.; and Rabblls. OWlllS. 
ScifOCClOS. 1 FE •. add $20 Toyota SuprIS add $30 
011$\11 2005)( .. 111 8 SIIIr1< plugs add 135 2. YIIP 
I ..... for YW (Excepl V_ 1 squarebacb laler _ 
1972). Bellies. 1972 and laler sao and prior 10 '72 
$70 3. for VW ThiI9 and Karmarwo GhilS-onfy S80 . 

• 

• 

"'1ollday. September 30. 1985 37 
SPORTS 

• The 
Readlnl and 

Study SkiD. Prolram 
will interview 

Tutor Applicants 
on 

faelCiay, Oct. 1, 12·2 
III RL 1254. 

Call x2284 for information 
• 

R.I.S.C. presents 

G&ii • recre.'ion 

nov. 21 to DEC. 1 
SIOft UP DMDUl"lf OCT. 21 

TICKETS 01"1 SAIZ AT BO~ ~~;'CE 

~partlMnt of Physical Uucation x4037 

.... 



'. 

,1 

HELP!!! 
Fast talking professors got you down! A.S. Lecrure Notes 

service can help. We have qualified students who will help 
supplement your notes with clear, concise , accurate notes. 
Don 't try to figure out your chicken scratch notes without a 
copy of our typed notes. We are located in the Student 
Center in room 118 Our hours are Monday-Friday fro m 10-
4 pm. In addinon to the classes we are taking notes for we 
have old notes from other lasses. 

Meet Professors! Get involved in Academia! 
Join an Academic Senate Committee! 
See Peter Kim, Commissioner of Academic Affairs. 
452-4450 or come to the AS Office. 

Lesbian and Gay Organization 
The first general meeting of the Lesbian and Gay 

Organization is Thursday: October 3 at 6 pm in 
IAGO office , Rm. 205 of Student Center. Come help 
us make plans for fall quarter and meet new and 
returning students. Party afterwards. Promises to be 
a good time. Call for more details. 452-GAYS. 

Israel Action Committee 
First meeting of the year 

Tuesday, October 1 at 6:30 pm 
Muir Apartment Lounge 

Union of Jewish Students 
First meeting will be Wednesday, Oct. 2 

6:30 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge 
Come for dessert! 

SAM SAM SAM SAM SAM SAM SAM 
Society for Advancement of Management presents "Managerial 
Skills ," discussion with John Kuhl, Industrial Medicine 
Consultant. Organization meeting afterward. Tuesday, Oct. 1 at 7 
pm in HSS 2305 . SAM. also presents "Managing a Medical 
Practice ," a discussion with Harvey Coates, consultant, Tuesday, 
Oct. 8 at 7 pm. Garren Auditorium BSB 1lO5 on the School of 
Medicine Campus. 

Aiai: £~ail Mail Mail Mail Mail 
Organizations: Chec~ :.?ur mailboxes located in 
the Student Information Center~ 

FFOG FFOG FFOG FFOG 
If your organization signed up to participate in the 
Fall Festival On The Green (FFOG), please contact 
Marietta at x4083 for set-up time and info by 
October 1. 

Get Involved in 
Student Government 

If you are interested in Public Relations, 
local, state and nationwide polities; 
programming; academic affairs; or any 
other aspect of student government, 
contact Ariel Anguiano Jr. at x4450 or pick 
up an application at the Associated Student 
Governmen t offices in the student center. 

Ski this Thanksgiving 
The Radically Inclined Ski Club presents our first ever 

Thanksgiving Ski Trip! For $210, you get three nights in Park 
City, Utah, four days of the best champagne powder skiing at 
any of five nearby resons, a costume pany dance, and roundtrip 
transponation. Tickets go on sale at the box office Oct. 3. There 
is only a limited number of seats so buy your ticket early! 

Come to our first meeting Oct. 2 at 8 pm in HL 1402 for more 
information on the All-Cal ski triP to Steamboat and the Utah 
trip. Also, come see the "New and Improved"T-shinand watch a 
premier skiing film . Sign up for the 100 foot long 
Banana Split Relay Contest at the meeting or during FFOG. 
Come join us or watch the contest at 12:15, Oct 4 near the 
hump. 

First AS. Council Meeting Oct. 2, 1985 
Wednesday at 6:30 pm in the North Conf. 

Rm. of the Student Center. 

Student Organizations 
Your organization must reregister for the 1985-
86 academic year. Deadline is October 10,1985. 
Remember, if your organization has plans to do 
programming this quarter, you need to get the 
paper work in first.. .. RE-REGISTER!!! 

U$ Grants is giving away money! 
Get a I!.ranr of up to $500 to help out with that special 

I academiZ or creative project you have ~~~~ :~ : ~~!nl!. about! 
ti; ~rants has $6,600 to fund undergraduate ac~demic 
projects this [~~l qu~rter. For important information and a 
grant application- for~, attend a gram workshop this 
Tuesday from 6-7 pm in the MuiHlJurpose Roc!!': upstairs in 
the Student Center. Any Questions? r all 452-391 i . 

Party with the Women's Center! 
All are welcome at Fall Open House to find out what 
the Women's Center can do for you, meet new 
friends, and learn how to get involved. 
Refreshments and music prOvided Tuesday, Sept. 
24, 11 am - 4 pm. In the Student Center next to the 
Food Co-op. 

Attention Freshmen: 
Your Freshman Record is here! Available at Student Center 
Bldg. A upstairs in the AS offices. Ask receptionist or call 
x4450 for more infonnation. 

UCSD's 25th Anniversary party is coming 
soon - November 18. Come help plan the 
party. CaD Mary Rost (Jr Barbara at x4450. 

Foreign Student Orientation 
Monday, Sept. 23 at 3 pm in the International Center. 

Welcome from the Vice-Chancellor, president of community 
"friends" organization and dean of international education. 
Separate small group sessions for grads and undergrads will 
focus on academic tips and advice on getting settled and 
involved in the campus community. Program will conclude with 
essential information shared by representatives from U.S. 
Immigration Service, campus health/insurance program, 
English language tutors, and members of UCSD International 
and Culture Clubs. Orientation program followed by free 
American 8arbeque supper and square dance. Plan to stay for 
the evening and bring your host family. 

Student Regent Applications 
Available October 8, 1985 

Applications will be available beginning October 8, 1985 at the 
following locations: College Dean's Offices, Resident Dean's Offices, 
Student Information Center, Associated Students Office, College 
Community Centers, Graduate Students Association Office, Medical 
School Student Affairs, Office of Graduate Studies and Research. 

For more infonnation caU the Associated Students Office ofUCSD 
at .. 52-.... 50 and ask for Greg Arnold or caU "52-4083 and ask for 
Randy Woodard. 

, 

'. -. .... 

It's Another Great College 
Republican Meeting 
Tuesday, October 8, 7-9 pm 
Opening Meeting - Admin. Complex lIlA 
Guest Speaker. Everyone Welcome. Join Us. 

Be The Birdcage Review 
The Birdcage Review Fall 1985 Organizational Meeting is 

Wednesday, Oct. 2 at 5 pm in the Pub. The Birdcage Review 
is UCSD's only undergraduate journal of the ans, printing 
the poetry, prose, fiction , an, photography, music and 
drama ofUCSD's undergraduates. The Review also sponsors 
poetry readings, writing workshops, and panicipates in the 
UAF. The Birdcage Review invites interested undergraduate 
writers and anists to attend our fall organizational meeting 
or to stop by our table at the Fall Festival on the Green, 
Friday, Oct. 4. Infonnation and applications for submission 
are available in the depanmems of literature, visual ans, 
music, drama and the Associated Students office. 

Come and find out what an 
INTERNSHIP can do for you! 
4-12 units of academic credit! Experience! Possible 
employment opponunity! Some internships are paid! And 
'much more. Remember 2.5 GPA and 90 units of credit 
required! Visit the Academic Internship Program. Bldg. 406, 
Warren Campus. 

Attention Circle K members 
All returning Circle K members please call Uane at 

276-6555 or drop by Raul's (apt H-6, 3rd College) as 
soon as possible to inform us of your whereabouts. 

Attention Student OIgs: 
ASUCSD Bulletin Advertising Information 

As a registered student organization, you have the 
opponunity to advemse for FREE in the ASUCSD Bulletin. 
Please read and follow the guidelines listed below for 
submitting your ads to the ASUCSD Bulletin. 
1. All ads must be on 8Y! x 11 plain white paper. 
2. The ads must be readable. Please type. 
3. Since the Bulletin comes out in Monday's Guardian, the deadline 

for submitting your ad is the Wednesday BEFORE, by noon. 
... Ads may not be printed for more than two (2) consecutive weeks. 

(Keep this in mind when advenising for a special event in 
advance.) 

5. Don't forget to mention the time, location and give an information 
~umber for your events. 

.. 

-



40 

..... -

LOIta Found \Xh¥ rent when you can own 7 Dorm fridge 4.8 d for S125 good c:onQtlOn. call 452-4220 during the day and leil\le a message br 
Kathleen. (9/30/ 

Found glIDes coming copper color at llH 9- Mazda RX7, red, 1980. 44 ml, 5 spd. A/C, 
26-85111n!d In a E.OI'IIA Stf!!'~, top cond. 56900. Call eve 275-2507. 

For Sale 
TO)CIU ~ 1974 Coupe Deluxe. Auto trans. 
Exdrc JUmi'Ig. New paint. 1.Joyd. 452-
473t/6tS-2186. 19/30/ 

AMPURED Fendrr SUper Rellefb, 1970s. 
eaIInt anition WIth r:r:Nf!I' and casters. 
II.tJuIIt1l • on pIiI'le to Englandl S4OO. Jan 
4~3466 ~ 696-8066 evenings. (12/5/ 

fa SIcates - Brand new 11-12. AO&O Boo/cS. 
CoINc:s. Tom 755-0192 /10/ 31 

VWIkJg 53SQ. VW ~ S75O. must ~II. Tom 
755-0192 110/3/ 

,...igttatu 4.5 QJbic foot like new SI00. 
8ectoom set; dr~, mirro. queen SIZe bed. 
nig1t stiI'ldL All or part. Also futon sofa bed 
575. Call 483-3362 19/ 301 

'68 T~ TR250 rare English roadster. 
SeAltifuf QT S3.5OO abo leil\le message. 4B~ 
3362. 110/3/ 

For SZ; 3.2 wbic It. Sar1)'O refrigerator S50 call 
Karen a 45So0639. (10/3) 

ICiI'mam Ghia 1972 VW origoal 0\I\Irlef' 52700 
superior mKhanIcaI conation st~ radio call 

2~2428. 19/30/ 

(9/301 
Rae! skateboard. Hot surlboard. Killer wetSuit. 
Good p~. Call ~If 755-6437. /10/3/ 

2 Bruce Springsteen tkts Sep .30 LA CoIisaJm 
great sealS call Mi~,ILes~ 452-0630 d¥ 
231- 2413 eves. 19/30/ 

1976 Buick C~ntury, 4-dr, auto .. a ir 
CDnditJoning. pc1INf!I' steering. brakes, seat. 

~ the dock INOrksI Mechanical~ ~II 
maintained, h_ all reaipts. 5900. Jan 452-
3466 d¥; 696--8066 eves. (12/ 5/ 

4 sal~; Yamaha 400 8oug"lt new in '83. and 111 
fleat shape. S500 o r best. Call Rery at 45(}0291 
eve. 19/ 301 

' 75 CheIIy MONZA sport coupe, 4 spd .. pc:lINf!I' 
steering. burgu~, FAST, CHEAPI 296-0466-
19/.(0) 
BED queeuize w/frarne. mattr~, boxspring & 
sheets 590; DRESSER 4 Iar~ aawm S35; 
BOOKCASE 525. All v. good snnation. S135 for 
all three. 452-1435 day 452-1435 eve. (9/30/ 

1976 AMC Hornet Sponabout station wagon 
good roncition 51000 Pat 455-942219/30/ 

SKI TUNING - precision QJStom hand tuning 
for the racf!!'. \IertlcJe or ~ ret skif!!'. CAll. Jeff: 
459-2002. (9/.30/ 

MERCURY MONTEGO 73. 2 doors. runs 
excellent. radio, air cond., extf!!'ior good. 729-
8797 ask tor George Chen aftf!!' 6 pm except 
Sat. & SUn. /10/ 3/ 

Wa5hf!I' /IJI}Ier delWce model Iyr old + Iyr full 
Set'V1Ce CDOtract S450 Pall 457-1792. (10/3/ 

1977 Honda CB400F. Good student trans. New 
top end and Dre manual. Asking S450Jim 45r 
3594 Aftf!I' 5. 110/3/ 

1982 Yamaha \Mion New tire and bane!)' 50 
mpg. runs smooth tJ( miles shaft aw 51100 
Steve 27+0306. /10/3/ 

Dinette set-forrrWca, tNk occasional tables. 
h9.Iy punching bag. smafl8&W TV wittl AM 
and FM. 27(} 3288. 110.3/ 

Ford Pinto wagon 73. stick, r~. S400 Pat. 
457-4286. (10/7/ 
For sale; B/W TV; 35mm camera/acc.esones; 
ghetto bfastf!!'; speakers; ladies cfoChing; pet 
terrarium; & men. 19/30/ 

Warren 5eniorl l Help make your gradJation a 
super event by joining the Commencement 
Committee. If Irltf!l"ested. phone Elizabeth 
Elkins at 452-4350. (9/30/ 

TKE, the onfy greek)<lU need to knoW; ru5h TKE 
little sistf!!' progam. Info _ilable at TKE tabfe. 
(10/3/ 
ExceIIena! Is not an accident IlJsh PhI Oefta 
TheU. 110/3/ 

Dr. Suzy. I was at the kctlilnallast Wed. nit~. 
It was too aowded to Ind you so I an 75C 
rum & coIces .xl dInces to the BNr F..-men 
free wiItl ~collegr 1.0. ~ next Wed.l.OIIe. 
»tn 19/301 

SeeIdng 8tothert1ood1 Good trierIdl and a 
flea timr. 01edc our Phi Delta lheta. 
Donna. I do want)lOU stiff. but I want you to 
want me tool ~ blfrs In yoor court. biby. 
GIIDr. 19/30/ 

Phi Delta Thetal ~ IIrst rr~ on ~s. 
Come out to our tabfe In ~ PIiIza and lind 

MODELS - new faces for swimsuit senes In 
EuropeMl magaZirles. David Sdloen Photo. 
(6191 749-3435. (10/31/ 

A mNTION UCSO STUDENTS WITH GPA OF 
3.0 OR ABOVE; If you .e Intf!!'ested In a paid 
Reader or Notetaker position working for a 
disabfed student, ple~ contact LaJra CtWs. 
Disabled Student Selvk:es, 452-4382 all soon as 
possible. (9/30/ 

ChIld care needed In ~ U'llv. CiI¥ hDnw. Tues. 
3;3(}5;30 Wed. all day!tus. 12;3(}5;30. Own 
lTalI. 45H386. 110/3/ 

Harpist w;ned for NoIIember wedding. 
.Joanna 454-8779. 19/301 

l't1oco!J'apher wanted for NIMrntIer wedding. 
.Joanna 454-8779. 19/301 

How IMJUId you ltee to get paid to ~n11f 
emlI/ed In EECS 6IJ/ Ung. 63 or U5P 10 and iI'e 
a good reader. cafl RktI @45~9879 for det.IIIl. 
(9/301 

--------------out mor~ about It. 19/30/ wanted-Street legal enc1Jro ~. Low miles. pIe~. 755-4363 alter 5 pm. AsIt for Bljar!. 19/30/ 
Persona II 
Considering a social life at lJC507lDo1c Into TKE 
Uttle Sisters. Meeting Wed. 7pm PH 107. Info on 
plaza. 

Autny Happy Bday )<lU sexy thing. IIoYe '1tIU 
!DU. M. (9/30/ 
Chris Gina Brltta and I.)da. I fcNe you girls. M. 
19/30/ 

As)lOU CMlsee. greeks iI'e avery~ part 
of ~ a UCSO. Don't br left behind. 1lJ5h the 
oldest and fiI'gest fraternity on ~ RUsh 
TXE and the I.Jltle Sister progam. InIo on 
~ PIau. 110/3/ 

IlJsh thr IIrst and IInest rraemity on QI'I1lUS-
Phf Delta TheU. Comr ~ our tabfe on RewIIe 
PIiIza for more Info. 19/301 

Bradley, I fcNe )IOU. c.n I taR you our this 
weetcend1 I wit malce it warth yoor whitr. 
Hug5/Idsses M. 19/30/ 

SId tee and Nnl oonwnissionl Now hWIng 
CiI'/llUS reps to promote snow sfdfng and 
Maatlan trips. Must be outgoing and 
rnotJvated. llexlble hours. Corua Mr. a..ckIey, 
Ad\Ienture tours LTD. 16191 272-9660 CDftect. 
10/3/ 

Help ~~. SrMIf ~ 
Joffa Shores 1M! oIIIce needl ~ wiIh 
good l}<PIng sIcl/Is, p..-l-dme. No prtor .., ecp. 
necesYiy. AedtIIe hours. 456-llOIt 459-0032. 
110/31 

want to ~ In the UK. or Ireland for a P\'QmoCIoIIaf Pbscer Gi1 wantad. No ~ 
quarter, semester. or academic ye.1 Come rlI!CftY)I. AsIt for Scott 278-2682. (9/301 
meet wittl reps of U of East Angffa IEngiand/ 
.xl BeaYer College, and learn about st~ and 
Internship programs ttYoug1out the U.K. and 
Ireland. MeetIng wi" br a I pm In the tlC'l CIT ~~ .. ~ 
lounge Fr~oa4Ii~foIIoIMngthe ..,.. YI~ 
Oft/. 110/3/ 

A ctliInce to get 01kMnpus for 10 to 40 /'QJrs a 
weeki Come and lind out IlO\N CMl you receiIIe 
aQdemic aedit for it. Academic IntemstIp 
Program. Bldg. 406. Warren Campus. 110/7/ 

~ Big SSS at KB Books. !Dwest price 
guaranteed. CiI'11lUS defiveries. Come by Grea 
Earth VItamins IneiI' Ralphs/ or calf 452-8350. 
AMES. Anth. Bio. Chern. Econ. EECS. His, lM1g. 
Ut. Math, PE. Phil. Po/isd, Psyd1. (10/3/ 

Housing 
Itxlmmate wanted. Dri Mar, Ocrarl View, 
need 3 roommates for a 4 bed. 214 ba condo. 2 
Blocks to acearl close to shopping & Bus. 3 V2 
miles to school great location. Mature, 
responsible, & clean ~n pIe~. 365+1/5 
util. cau Sarah at 481-9987. (10/3/ 
~ br rent in La Jolla condo. Huge -living 
and dining rms. wash-<lry, dshwsh. Fplc, pool, 
jaaJzzi + temis. Near all , 1.5 mi. to UC. Rent 

S325-~t Rrst, last plus deposit. 457-5135 
l>etINeen 5 and 7. (10/3/ 

Pacific Beach; F~a/e tor 3 ~oom, 3 bath 
townhouse. S2B3.33/month. First/last & 
security. Phone Diane of KatI¥ at 48r5205. 
(9/30/ 
Room & Board in exchange for child <.are and 
some house keeping. 45r5386. 

Profasors on leave; Housitting desired by 
retired N~braska coupie. Availabfe 2-4 months. 
Ore. April. Flexible to fit your plans. Oaughtf!!' 
on USD faculty. Reff!I'ence available. 286-4316 
evenings. (9/30/ 

Mira Mesa 3 b' 2 ba condo has 2 rms br rent 
S27(}S290 pool & spa. Ph. 695-9758. PO/3/ 

A ~ 5 mtn. from school is in despf!l'ate need 
of 3 female oolHmOms, to iM! in it S299. util 
paid. Call ROxanne 571-6560. 

Female roommate wanted-PB-share 2 Br 
2nd stOt)' apt 1 V2 blocks to beach. S325+ V1. 
Leslie 483-2047, 48~3244. 110/7/ 

ROommate wanted; MisslOl1Beach, awn room 1 
block 50 brach, 60 yd. to bay, fun area, S340, 
alter 5, 48&4213. (9/30/ 

Wanted 
Engineering students wanted. To work for 
c:.orJl)arlies such as Kyocera, Starnet, Behring 
Diagnostics. BTl, ECR ... AcademIc intf!!'nstlp 
programs, bfdg. 406. Warren Campus. 

Receptionist needed I morn pf!I' week trade 
out- membership Teddys Fitness Ctr. & 
Tanning 1019 Garnet Pacific Beach 483-8111, 
(9/30/ 
Exp. instructors needed am only Teddy's Fitness 
Ctr. 48r8111. (9/30/ 
East County commutf!!' interested In ndeshil'lng 
all days. Call PhiHip 46+4222 leave messagel 

Mar1teting Co. seef<s Indivjwai to work 1-2 
days/~ assisting students applying br 
aedt cards. Earn S4(}570/day. Call 1-80(} 932-
0528. 19/301 

STAR WORDS T'tf'ING & IK>RO PIJ()CESSING. 
9580 81c. Mtn. 1M SIe.G. SIudInt papm.1hIsis. 
57&-4041. PO/I7/ 

World Class WOrd ~ for aI yaxl)1ping 
needs. TIoga Hall '·Hl. 45S:9709. 110/ 3/ 

1yPirlg & WOrd f'hxessIng. in CIIIremont. lU& 
Ffi 1(}6. Sat 9-1. Gail, TiI'ldIm Ent«pr8es. 2~ 
4953. 111/7/ 

Proflessional Typing-Fast. aca.trae, spelling 
corrected. 16 yrs. exp .• near UCSO. Fen)' 452-
1393 eve. (10/3/ 

WOrd f'l'ocesSlng; Fast service. 51. 75/page. 
Campus pick-up/delivery. Ancty LaJrence. 222-
2345. 112/5/ 

Announcement. 
FREE TIMEI S~ less. learn tauf!!'. Inae~ 
your GPA. pass exams eI'fortlessfyl JnecpensNe, 
prO\len, ~ high-tech learning tool. Money-
back-gurarlteed results. Dial 755-6699 rlOINl 
(10/3/ 
RESEARCH PROSlEMS7 AU MIs - all areas. 
Foreigrl students weIcomel ~Is counseling 
also available. Dr. Arnold, 21~477-8474 111-4 
pm/. 11(}141 

~ Paladins 1M! at the Triton P\Jb this Friday 
Oct. 4, 6 ;3(}9:30 (artf!!' TGI no a:Nef everyone 
llllefcome. 110/3/ 

FREE FREE FREE Ouesadilla. Buy one 
OJesadilla from Food For ThJugt'l Co. and get 
a ~d FREEl we deliver RObf!I'ID's mexican 
food to your dorm or on campus apt. at 11;00 
pm. Call 587-WlLD by 10;15. That's 587-9453-
0Iff!!' good through 1(}1(}85. (10/7) 
HEADACHE MANAGEMENT GROUP. 
Thursdays. 3;3(}4;JO pm. begilllilig Oct. 10, 
Student Health ServIces Isponsored by 

~fogical and Counseling SeMces/. Calf 
Pervly McClellan at 452-3035 for information 
about signing up. (10/3/ 
Want to leiI\Ie the Us. but don't know how to 
finance your stlj7 Come to an Info session 
sponsored by the Opportunities Abroad OfIIce, 
arid learn about many options at the undergrad 
and gild 1M!fs. Including IInanciaf aid. 
scholarships, fund"aising and working abroad. 
Meeting will br 1l'aJrl. Oct 3 at noon at the 
Intf!!'natlonaf Center. (10/3/ 

Hefp start a UCSO ATHEIST CWBllhere iI'e 
CNer ten or~ for Christians. ~ nat 
one ror those of us who don't belew:7 
ACTIVITIES; Discussion groups, sponsor 
speafcf!!'s. prOllide literature. social gar/'Ierir9. 
Call ~ 455-0640. late C!IIening5 best ClIne, 
PO/3/ 

nred of taking 4 classes per quiI'lerl ~ 
up your scehc1J1e with an 1ntemIhip. AQdInic 
Internship Program, 81dg. 406. W.nn 
Campus. 110/7/ 

BIG WENI Oct. 1 1985. 10 pm to 2 pm 
Internallonaf Centf!I' Resafe Shop,AM safe ,.". 
loe. 19/30/ 

KB 800fcs are Me to suytI IDwe5t pnca 
guarneedl 8uy & sell boCtI new .xl &aid 
books. Located; Gr_ e.th \1tamfn .... 
RaPhS/ 452-8350. AMES, Anttwo. Il10. own. 
Eoon. EEcs, His. IMIg. Ut. MIth. Phil. I'bIIci 
110/3/ 

Ca~ Representative needed to sell and .Join venture UIIlchI .. orglnizalon for 
~Ifver USA Tod.:Jj on Carf1)US. For Info calf 619- people starting .... b!Ctl ~. Get It1e 
284-0105. (9/30/ support .... l«t1 aea need. Calf ~3228 

for rneemg Wo. 110/3/ 


