
IN 
WE TRUST 
• AS Elections this week • 

See stories on pages 3-11 , and read the 
Opinions section to find out what 

students are discussing on 
Election Eve. 



2 Monda) , Al'nl 8, 1 QS5 
E 

William Ruckelshaus, former head of 
the United tates Environmental 
ProteCtIon Agency, wIll deliver the 
seventh annual Da\~d Marc Belkin 
Memonal Lecture, Thursday, May 16 at 
UCSD. 

The lecture, whl h IS free and open 
to the publtc , will be held at 8 pm in 
Room lOB of Peterson Hall . Ruckelshaus 
will talk on "ProteCtIon of the 
EnVIronment' A Government or 
Corporate Responslblltt)'?" 

o 
UC faculty and graduate tudents In 

need of funding and field teams for 
their research In the coming year can 
call on the mversll)' of Californta 
Research Expeditions Program (U REP) 
for assIstance Proposal forms for 
funding for 1985-86 fIeld proJe tS are 
currenth avaIlable from the UREP olTi e 

For the past eIght years, UREP has 
succe.,sfull) proVIded undlng or 
domestic and foreIgn Umversll)' of 
Cali omla research In the natural and 
SOCIal s len es by 1n\'ltIng the acm'e 
and finan lal partiCIpation of selected 
members of the general pubhc The 
purpose of the program IS to pro\'lde 
funds and held aSSIstance for U 
research while promoting public 
Involvement and understanding of the 
Universll)'s re ear h role 

Projects of faculty members or staff 
researchers from an) CC campus are 
eligIble for full or pam,11 funding 
through UREP Graudate students Ina), 
receive full or partial funding as 
assIsting members of the staff and , In 
some cases, as Independent field 
directors . 

FIeld work ma)' be from an)' 
diSCipline but mu t Involve techniques 
that CJn be learned b)' elected 
"Interested amateurs" from the general 
public who subSIdIze the co ts of the 
research through tax-deductible 
ontnbutlons. At the same lime, the 

donor-pamclpants contribute theIr own 
skills and tllTIe a, ,hon-te rm field 
assistants Many donor-parti cIpants are 
students or teachers between the ages of 
20 and 50, usually with some academic 
trainIng In the diSCIpline of the project 
they JOIl1 Others may be professionals 
in other fields who have an Interest and 
applicable skills. ApproXImately 40% of 
the UREP particIpants have graduate 
degrees and many have alread}, aSSIsted 
on UC research projects through UREP 
In the past. 

Researchers who are selected 
generally receive funds for travel 
expenses. 6taff and participant field 
costs , all or part of the research 
expenses. Proposal deadlines arc May 
20 . 1985 for projects between November 
1985 ,md Apnl 1986. <lI1d September 16, 
1985 for prOjects between :via)' and 
October 1986 

Further information ,mo proposal 
forms for CRI:I"s runds for FIeld 
Research Progmm may bc obLllned by 
contaCling URLI' Ll1Iwrslt) of . 
CalifornIa Berkel!.')' 

o 
"Liberty and Justice for All" IS the 

theme for th!.' Ic.trl Warrcn SymposIum 
to be h!.'ld from Apnl 2<) to Mil}' 2 at 
L'CSD. 1 he ~)'mptl'lum I, Cll-<;ponsored 
by Warren Collcge <lI1d the Sail DIego 
Count) Bar As~tKlauon In obs\!r\'anu: of 
'\,Jtl()nal L1\' Week 

Thc sympll lum WIll 0pCI1 with 
Ramscy Clark gl\-Ing thc DcWltt HIggs 
Lcuurc at 2.30 pill t-londa). Apnl19 , In 
Room 110 of Prtnson Hall 1 he topIC t;, 
"lndll'ldu..t1 Rlght~ . Achlc\'cments and 
Challenges" A r('cepllon WIll follow the 
lecrure 

Clark has served under twO federal 
admll1lStrallons. In 1961, John F. 
Kennedy nomll1ated Clark aSSISt,\Ilt 
anomey general , a post he filled unlll 
1965, when Lyndon B. Johnson named 
hIm deput), attorney general He then 
se rved as attome), general from 1965-
1969. Clark currently has a pnvate law 
pracu e in l'\ew York Cil)' and in 
Washington , D . 

A panel dIscussion entitled "Hard 
Cases' Equallt), for Women" wtII be held 
,11 7 pm Monda}" April 29, in Room 103 
of Peterson Hall . featuring Dr. Barbara 
\Vll1ters, a former UCSD professor of 
philosoph)', and Dr. Kristin Luker, an 
as OClate professor 111 the Depanment of 
ociolog)'. Luker IS the author of the 

recently pubhshed book, Abol1Wr] C"" the 
Politic, <1 Motherhood 

e\'eral an DIego attorneys and a 
member of the an DIego Poltce 
Department wtII meet at 7 pm 
Wednesday', 1a)' I, 111 the Warren 
Apartment Commons to adVIse students 
of theIr rights In the event of an Illegal 
search and selzurc relatll1g to alcohol 
and Illegal substances 

A s)'m poslUm fea tunng panel 
dISCUSSIOns, film and moot court 
sessIons with dramatizatIons by thc 
UC D Dram.! Department WIll focus on 
the i sue of capital pUlllshment , from 9 
am to 3 pm on Thursday, May 2, in the 
Mandell WeIss Center for the 
Performll1g Arts. 

o 
One of the world 's foremost lite raT}' 

theonsts and cullural cntlcs WIll deltver 
the fourth an nual Robert C. Elliott 
Memorial Lecture at 8 pm , Wednesday, 
Apnl 17 , rn room 110, Peterson Hall . 
ThIrd College 

Dr fredenc Jameson's topIC WIll he, 
"World Literature in the Era of Late 
CapItalism." The lecture WIll he a return 
VISIt for Jameson , who was a professor 
o French and comparative literature at 
UCSD from 1967 to 1976. A recepllon 
WIll follow. 

jameson is curre nd), a professor of 
literature at the UC Santa Cruz, and is a 
leading proponent of a movement 111 
Anglo-American Iiteraty criticism that 
grounds itself 111 the dialectical trad ition 
of Hegel, Marx and Same. He is WIdely 
recognized as the leadll1g SOCIologist of 
literature and an authority on the 
relation between literature and ideology 
currently working In this country 

In 1971 , jameson was awarded the 
Wilham Rile)' Parker Prize for his essay, 
"Metacommemaf)'." which helped to 
bnng 10 hghl often-hIdden Ideological 
imphcatlons 111 literal)' works. Two 
books, puhllshed 111 1971, also garnered 
hIgh pral c. Mar.\lS1I1 allJ Fonl1 and The 
Pmon HOUle <1 Lallguage traced more 
fully the forms lI1c1uding lingUIstIC 
form, . of hterJture 

Jameson', book on jean-Paul SJrtn.' 
Sar1 rc Tlte Ongll1s oj a Style ," relTIJlI1, 
one of the leadll1g works on the greal 
Fre nch wmer Jameson has \\inuen two 
'Jlhcr hooks (flvc 111 all), callc<l /-al1/1'1 0/ 
A&I(Il'>swlI Wyndham Lnm, tlte '\fodelllllt 
a, FaliN J ,tud) of W)'ndhJm Lewl!> 
,lI1d Tlte PO/Ill( <.II L I1WI1SlIOU\ ,\'<lntl/II(, <I., 
sO<._ wfh .5vm/",/J, ALI 

Be;lde~ ~,lI1re ,md V..'\'ndham Le\\' I> , 
Jame"ln has "'rIltl'n ah()ul ,ul.h dl\Tr.,l' 
flgurc, ,h Raymond Ch,mdla Al.lIn 
Roblw-GrllIl'l. I'.K DICk. I ,'\ Ing L.nflm,m 
and \\',lItl'r Benl,lIntn 

Hayden Whlll' a major LulruralcrltI" 
,md IIllellellUiJI historian III hiS ll\\n 
nght. h.l!> d~scribed JalTIc'>,lI1 ,I' ,til\: 
bCst\IJrxlst lntU. writing tuda} 
posslhly the best souJI-hISlOrlL,llIr 
onented lrlllC of our tin1\: 

v' 

~---------~----------~ - 1- Wi I -l- T -I- IIiI -:. , , , 
...... • ~ 

... -. 
1.1 

.<III PI I~ :.. , 
I 1 , ... :.<111. 11'111 • ~ ... 

.. ,'" ... l1li -

""1"1 if [(U L Ii. :c ~ I . ... .:: 
... .... ... 

..,' • 
I I 

Cover: Election rime returns to UCSD as students go 
to the polls Tuesday and Wednesday to choose an 
ASUCSD '85-'86, to fill posirions on rhe four college 
councils, and to decide on six imponam referenda, 
See stories on pages 3-11 for a rundown on rhe races, 
and see rhe relared editorial on page 4. 
News: The issues, the candidates, the ideas: AS Election '85 
in a nutshell . Also, find out why tomorrow's vote on the 
CalPI RG referendum may be meaningless. 
Opinions: An ediwrial on wmorrow's elections, including 
the Guardian's recommendations for the six referenda on the 
ballot. Also, various and asundry opinions concerning the 
election, plus letters and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: Step into the latest craze, walking across the 
burning blaze. Plus the second in the Guardian's Future 
Writers' Series, "Shutdown ," a taxi ride into deep space. 
Sports: Women's tennis is preparing to cut its way into the 

CM Tournament, baseball is still recovering from a stressful 
spring break, and men's rugby spills a little blood and loses i[S 
last home game, but is nonetheless looking forward [0 the 
infamous Santa Barbara Tournament. 
Plus .,. The Weekly Calendar. 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

o 
A new remotely operared underwater 

vehicle developed at UCSD's ScrippS 
Institution of Oceanography will greatl), 
extend the ab ility of scientists to 
perform research in the deep ocean and 
on the sea Ooor. 

Capable of working to depths of 
approximately 20,000 feet (6,000 
meters), the Remote Underwater 
Manipulator (RUM) will do more work 
at greater ocean depths than any other 
research vehicle. About the size of a 
compact car, the vehicle is named RUM 
Ill , the third and most sophisticated in 
a series of sea Ooor research vehicles 
developed b)' Scripps' Marine Physical 
Laboratory, a special oceanographic 
faci li ty of UCSD. 

RU'M III combines the technology of 
deepl)' towed ocean instruments and 
shallow-water remotel), opcrated 
ve hicles. It will provide a deep ocean 
resea rch ca pability now available onl), 
WIth manned research submersibles, 
without the many limItations of manned 
devices. 

DeSigned for use in a va nety of 
geologK'II , geophYSIcal and ecological 

,tudl e~. RUM 111 WIll allow Clentlsts to 
(ondun deta iled Invc!>lIgallon In 
regIon., of the ocean noor that are 
relatlvel), easy 10 sce wllh cameras and 
,>onar, hut dIffIcult 10 sample dlrectl), 
becau!>c of the hosllie deep-sea 
cnvlronment. uch studIes have been 
conduued pnmarlly from shIps IOwmg 
U':VICl" h}, « Ible that "ny" over thc 
ou!an h,ltlnm 

A IlI.1Jllr .Idvan~agc of RUt-.l III over 
other \t:hld:, for dcep-sea research I'> 
Ihell It "III he <Ihle In drnp to thc Olean 
hOllom llh'>l'r\'C .,pecdlL 1c,l[ures <l[ dlhe 
rallge III grt'<11 detaIl and collcct 1.1Ir1)' 
hC'I\') rIlL k ',Imples <lI ,>edlmcl1l corc,. 
"lid Dr "ILlnr L AndcNlI1, professor 
Jnd res, ,Ir, h ph}"ILhl ,It <;cnpp, and 
one of the rnnup,11 dCSlgners of RUM 
III 

The development of RUM III grew out 
of the expenences at the Manne 
Ph),sical Laboratory (MPL) wllh an 
II1strument package called Deep Tow 
and the vehicles RUM I and RUM II. 
This work pioneered advances in the 
operation of electrical and electronic 
devices in deep-sea conditions of low 
temperature and high pressure and the 
use of a special single multiplexed cable 
for power and data transmission. 

RUM III was developed and built at a 
coS! of approximately $1.25 million with 
funding from the Office of Naval 
Research , the California Sea Grant 
College Program, and the Fleishman 
Foundation. MPL development engineer 
Ron Hom was the other principal 
designer of RUM III. 

"The deep ocean presents man)' 
di fficulties for sc ientific research 
because its environment is electrically 
conducting and highly corrosive and at 
great depths exerts hydrostatiC pressure 
up to 700 atmospheres, or about 10,000 
pounds per square inc h ," Dr. Anderson 
sa id . "These conditions present 
numerous problems In design and 
funmo n of a research vehIcle fro m its 
la rgest mechantcal parts to ItS smallest 
e1eclronic components." 

The main vehicle chassis for RUM III 
IS ,IX ;,tnd <I half feet wide and eIght feet 
long Jnd I, constructed primaril), of 
tll<\IlIUm , fiherglass and plastIC. Attached 
10 the chaSSIS Me vanous s),stems and 
mstruments. hringing the tOlal estImated 
ftnJIIIl-alr weIght to of ,000 pounds, WIth 
an In -water welghl of about 800 pound!>. 
1 hIS lIl-watcr \velghl makes RUM III 
light .:nough to Sll and maneuver on 
>oft olcan-Ixmom SCdllTIents 

RL 1 III opemtes from a <;tandard 
oceanographIC research sh Ip and 1<; 
lowered Into the ocean .md towed b) 
deck· mounted Gane, U<>c of the 
\'chlde will he open to .111)' 
oceJnographll IIlvesugror wah funded 
proJl'llS th<lt r('qu lre such 
lIl.,rrurncntatlon 

Monday, Apnl 8, 1985 3 

Adn1inistrative decision 

CalPIRG referendum declared invalid 
which had four payment options on it. 
We indicated that to the AS in writing 
and verbally. CalPIRG objected to that, 
and the AS decided by __ . ove twhelming 
maJonty vote not to give students a 
choice to choose between the two 
forms ... with the implication that 
C.!IPIRG would be Ii~d in all totals ... 
w!lIch implies also that mandatory fees 
would not be totaled separately and 
listed separately. That's Just unacceptable 
and will not be implemented ." Watson 
said . 

Kim Paulus oj CalP1RG }ought Jor the "wcllvable Jee" Jorm. 

The three fonns in question are the 
two which the Administration posed as 
viable alternatives and the one adopted 
by the AS Council at the urging of 
CaIPIRG. A cording to Watson , the 
Administrati on was prepared to honor a 
\'ote as to whether students wanted 
CalPIRG included on the fee form and 
whether they wanted Form A or Form B 
to be used. Form A would have listed 
twO payment options: registration fees 
plus $3 for CalPIRG, and registration 
fees plus health insurance plus $3 for 
CaIPIRG. In addition , Form A would 
have listed a breakdown of mandatory 
and voiuntaty fees . Form B, the one the 
Administration now intends to 
implement, lists four payment options: 
mandatory fees , mandatory fees plus 
CaIPIRG, mandatory fees plus health 
insurance, and mandatory fees plus 
health insurance and CaIPIRG. The form 
supported b)' CalPIRG would have listed 
all fee options witb __ CaIPIRG included in 
all totals. Each of the fonns would have 

By SEAN WAGSTAFF, News Editor 

THE UCSD ADMINISTRATION has decided that the vote on tomorrow's CaIPIRG funding 
referendum will not affect its choice of 
fee payment fonns for next year. 

An extensive lobbying and signature 
drive effon by the local CaIPiRG 
chapter, which collected more than 
6,000 student signatures supporting a 
so-called "waivable fee" and which 
prompted overwhelming AS support, 
appears to have been in vain. 

Dr. Joseph Watson, vice chancellor of 
Undergrad,uate Affairs, justified a letter 
sent to AS Pt:esident Marc Boroditsky 

explaining the decision to disregard the 
S!udent vote in this case: "I think it's 
mandatory that the students know how 
much they have to pay as a minimum 
in order to enroll ." CalPIRG 
representatives were not available for 
comment. 

The Administration had approved two 
possible fee payment fonns and had 
told the AS it would be willing to adopt 
either one following a referendum , 
according to Watson. "We felt that given 
that th is was raised as a major issue ... 
the Administration should be willing to 
let students have a say. Therefore, we 

Dr. Joseph Watson emphasized that 
voluntary and mandatory Jus must be listed 
separately. 

were willi ng to have students choose 
between twO forms, one which JUSt had 
twO payment options on it and one 

The campus~Wide 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 11 > 

Committee on Alcohol and Substance Use! Abuse 
will hold a series of 

Open Hearings 
regarding campus policy on Alcohol and Substance use. We invite 
all members of the UCSD community to participate. Hearings will 

be held at several locations on campus: 

Monday, April 8, 1985 
3:00 - 5:00 pm 
Revelle formal and Informal Lounges 

Wednesday, April 10, 1985 
4:00 - 5:45 pm 
North Conference Room, 

Student Center, Bldg. B 
Thursday, April 11, 1985 
12:00 - 2:00 pm 
Uebow Auditorium, 

2100 Basic Sciences Bldg. 
(2nd floor, south side) 
School of Medicine 



4 Monday, Al'nl 8, 1985 

Editorial 
On the elections and referenda 

We gather that it has .been decided by those poli tically active students 
at UCsD that the A elections are a rather frivolous exercise. We have 
also con luded that the nominally poli tically inactive student population 
cares even less about the results than the Admmistra tion does, possibly 
believing tha t student politics is a practi e of one re nowned Tweedle 
Dum versus an unknown Tweedle Dee , thereby null ifying any real 
chance of desired political p rogress. It is a pervasive mood this one, one 
of a mocking ambivalence and pompOSity, a mood of self-indulgence 
and false security. 

It may be the fault of this AS Council , and its charac terless 
predecessors, for ignoring the fac t that political bodies are generally 
powerless wi thout the broad -based suppOrt of the masses. The 
Administration knows-and has exhibited this surly knowledge all year 
long-that when onl y 12% of the student body comes out to vote on 
such a monumental matter as the ratification of the AS Constitution , it 
can do whatever it wishes without fear of reprimand. For some odd 
reason , whenever a new Council is elected , it forge ts its promise to 
inform and motivate the student population and quickly develops an 
ivory-tower mentality. This comes a no great surpnse at a school where 
students are more concerned about building up their resumes than they 
are wi th acting to d ismanrle the causes for their fellow students' 
suicides, bu t is it really so pretentious to expect these "politically aware" 
student representatives to follow th rough on thei r campaign pledges? 
The), will always tell you that they tried to reach OUt to the masses and 
the masses turned a deaf ear to them, but you know better than that. 
The problem with pnor A Coun ils-and with thi s one too-is that the 
members concern themselves more wi th peuy bureaucratic matters and 
silly laws of leglsla tton than they do with addressing the fundamental 
issues of our time . 

* * * The referendum questions, th ough, do speak to the Administration 
a nd the rest of the nation in a resounding matter. Even if you do feel 
that the AS Counc il is a powerless, inept body of self-serving 
individuals , the referendum questions by themselves should be enough 
to solicit your vote . 

Referendum Question # 1 asks you whether or not you support fee 
increases for KSDT, Student Services, the alternative media, the UC 
Student Lobby and the four college counc ils . The increases are not large ; 
in fact, the sums are piddling, and unless you have absolutely no 
knowledge of the importance of the aforementioned organ iza ti ons or 
feel they contribute nothing of value to the University as a whole , we 
urge you to vote "yes" on Refe rendum Question # L. 

* * * Referendum Question #2, which seeks [0 te rminate the use of student 
registrati on fees fo r the purpose of on-campus recruitment by the 
military, the CIA, the Secret Service, the FBI and the INS (Immigration 
and aturalization Services), asks you to make a small analysis and , with 
that exam ination in mind , [0 vote with your conscience. 

These o rganizations are known to hurt others, degrade human beings 
and murder innocent foreigners. They basically subvert the ideology of 
democracy. Oh yes, self-defense fo r any country is a necessary stature , 
but not in the manner practiced by these insti tutions. It is time , once 
again , to teU the nation that UCsD students believe in d iscourse and 
diplomacy instead of b ullyi ng and terror. We believe that is a truth . We 
are convinced that you will not be int imidated. We urge you to vote 
"yes" on Referendum Question # 2. 

* * * 

Referendum Question #3 should have been addressed long ago . It 
asks to dec ide whether or n ot to support the UCsD Associated Student 
Body's participation in the national sanctuary movement for Central 
American Refugees. The people who are tenned as "refugees" by our 
government are beset by the historical dilemma of having their countries 
almost constantly involved in civil wars. Guatemala is ruled by a Us-
backed military dictatorship . El Salvador is currently engaged in a civil 
war in which countless are murdered every month by death squads, 
Honduras is also governed by the military with a puppet-civilian 
preSident; our anned forces have turned the southern region of this 
count7 into a war zone by supplying the Nicaraguan Contt-as. Nicaragua 
hersel is tom by war; the people who desire peace are caught between 
the gunshots of ideology- the AK-47s being the sandinistas, and the M-
16s being the United States. In all these countries, people stream out of 
their borders and up to the "democratic US," where many of them are 
turned away and sent home only to face imminent poverty and possible 
dea th upon arrival. We urge you to vote "yes" on Referendum Question 
#3 and thereby open your doors to the oppressed people of the 
Southe rn Hemisphere. 

* * * Refe rendum Question #4 makes fo r an easy dec ision if r ou calculate 
the fac ts. UC divestiture from the apartheid government 0 South Africa 
will pressure the white mi nority to discontinue the following prac ti ces: 
terming 24 mill ion blacks as "non-c itizens"; te rming 3.4 million Coloreds 
and Asians as second-class citizens; displacing 3.5 million blacks away 
from their homelands to dry, un fe rtile areas; p rohibiting mixed 
marr iages and outlawi ng sexual rela tions berween whites and non -
whites; designating "wh ites only" areas; and Segregating primary and 
secondary schools, un iversi ties and hospitals. 

We plead with you to pressure the Regents to divest from a country 
where basic civil rights and privileges are based on racial classification. 
We urge you to vote "yes" on Referendum Question # 4. 

* * * Referendum Question #5 is another one of those votes of self-
determination , It requests you to state if you support the creation o f on-
campus , student-owned , student-opera ted cooperative hOUSing, Wouldn't 
it be nice to have some say in rent increases, architectural design, 
energy allocation , community members and the like? Yes, it will cost the 
students a pretty penny if ever implemented , But then aga in , so does 
renting an apartment, house or condominium that is not yours to 
improve, yea r in and yea r out. We believe that th is ac tion will inc rease 
student pa rtic ipation in campus growth . So again , we urge you to vote 
"yes," this time on Referendum Question #5 . 

* * * Referendum Question #6 is a hot one , and rightly so. It has been 
documented that Dr. Joseph Watson will veto the student vote should 
the measu re be approved ._ 

You are asked whether or not you support CaIPIRG , and if so whether 
or not you elect to pay a voluntary fee at the time of registration , 
BaSically, you are voting for the right to allocate your funds without 
bei ng inh ibited with whom you allocate those funds to . At the very least, 
one should consider that the CalPIRGers are quite active in public 
interest activities. At the very most, you should know that the 
Administration. thinks that you don 't care either way. Tell them you do. 
Vote "yes" on Referendum Question #6. 

In short, the Guardian urges you to vote "yes" on all six referenda. But 
above all , we urge you to vote! 

EOIT~ PHUP I..AIJOEA 
NEWS EDITOA: 5£AN .... A(»TAFF ASSOCIAlt NEWS EDlTOAa PHI. M.I..ON 

CONTRIBUTING toIEW$ EDlTOAS: UlYS tItd:D'f. NNEi ~ 
OPINIONS EDITOR: fMTTl-IN J. ClOtH IOSPEClMS EDf1Ol: 04NSICIt a CMOL£ ". 
COV'f EDITOR: JN04 HANSEN PHOrO EDITOA: POD fMDEIoIllW. 5IION'S ~ IiUCIA AG05 
AATS EDlTOP.: No400fW KEElEA ~Alt AATS ~ OM VOUNG 

-, ... .. .. . . .. -.... '., ... ,-, ...... .. . - ... .......... ...... .......... ................. '. 

GRAPHIC ARTISTS: JQ+I ASHH, T~ PLONKA 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: JOHN ASHl.EE. KE\1N FOLEY. ~'WN M.M'.IKlJNNl, f\Q(j(J\ MONAO€. PAUL ABM:lND, NOt 

PECJIlK. ~rJ( SOFllEY 
STAFf WRITERS: MAAK IX\EITENOEJ\G E1HAN FEEfl.5T, JOAN FOIOOEf\G. ANOOEA HAflJ-,()N f\ON A 1tJ. VN4 

HUTCHINSON ( HflJSnNA KAU5 f\OOEAT LEONE JEFF M.JNIC KElLEY NEAl. l.AI.A\IE\IOUQN. 
DAWN WAANN[f\ 

PASTE-UP ARTISTS: JOHN A5HLEE. SHAAON NGOI. AlUSON PINSKY. DAVID f\AOC)W. 5£Hj W"~TAf"F 
TYPE5£nERS: KEN FU/\lE. J.AI'< HANS£N. PHILIP lAIJDEA, D~IEL TH0MA5 
BUSINESS MANAGERS: (Hf\lS MLXE SHENDL WMOND 

Viewpoint 

CalPIRG and student rights 
By KEVIN BARROWS 

This week's election ballot includes fhe quesllon of 
whcrher we, as srudcnrs, wish !O reaffinn our SUppOI1 
for CalPIRG, bur the fundamental Issue at slake is 
wherher we are goi ng !O conrin ue our efforts !O 
demand and define our righrs as srudenrs. 

Cenrral !O rhe debare, whic h has gone on be!Ween 
srud enrs and campus admlnlsrraro rs, is whe!her the 
Adminisrrarion will respect and implemenr a VOle of 
rhe srudenrs !O assess a fee upon ourse lves for rhe 
purpose of estahli shing an organi zarion whi h sfudents 
conrro1. The CalPI RG fee is rhe rom of rhe issue 
hecause Ir IS a fcc which gives srudents rhe abi1iry !O 
consrn.Jcfil'ely affecr ma.Jor puhlic policy issues which 
concern us Through CalPIRG, sludems are ab le !O hln' 
a full-lime sraff of profeSS ionals which work wilh us 10 
conducr research and advocare on issues that 5fud ems 
choose. 

U SO students. through CalP IRG, have passed 
preccdenr-sctting statewide legls1allon safeguarding rhe 
public rom toxi materials In an materials Ir IS rhe 
rcason why tudents lIIere able to inve~llga te SOG&E 
and suppon uri/iry refonn legi slalion. It IS whar g'lVe us 
the ,Iblliry !O register thousands of srudenrs ro 1'01 1' In 
sta te and national elections And It IS what Will allow 
students to pass a statewide Botue BIll !O clean up our 
state and prese rve rhe narural resources in our 
environment. 

As a studem-run organization, CalPIRG proVId es a 
va luable educa tional complimem to our college 

program. It gIves us the opportunity ro address CIVIC 
Issue wh ile leilrni ng the ski lls necessary !O be effecllve 
advocates for these issues. 

Without a stable funding source, students arc 
powerless [0 achieve such goals. A volunwry fee 
system, whereby studenrs must add on a com ribution 
[0 their fee bIll, will nOl sustai n a major program like 
CaIPIRG, jusl as it would not sustain our AsSOCIated 
Srude nt governmenr nor this very Untversiry 

Fo r these reaso ns, students at UCSO have voted to 
assess Ihemselves a $3 per quarter fee . while still 
allowing srudents !O opt nor !O suppOrt CalPIRG by 
waivIng the fee ar reglsll"arion lime. Unltke any other 
fee on this campus or tax we pay as citizens, 
clisse nring studenrs do not bave ro pay for that which 
the majority has voted ro suppon. 

This waivable fee system was worki ng well from 
1978 10 1982 unril the Adm ln ismltlon, without 
consul ting students, d eCided 10 change the CalP1RG fee 
to a dona llon, effectively defunding the organlzauon . 
Or Joseph Watson, vice chance llor of Und ergraduate 
Nfalrs, and Ron Bowker, reglsrrar, m,lIntaln that 
~tudents d id nor know whal rhey were voting for In 
1983 and thar the Administration must prorect 
students. 

In response, In 1983, 3,400 srudents signed a 
pe tit ion and 60% vored 111 a campuswide election 
reaffinning suppOrt for a CalPIRG chapter with a 
waivable fee. Adminlsrrarors Ignored the studenr voice, 

Mo nday, Apnl 8, 1985 5 

and therefore UCSO's CalPIRG chapte r has since been 
susldlzed hy other campuses around the state . On 
rhese other campuses, the administrators have 
respecred rhe dec iSion o f students to have a waivable 
fee system, but ours at UCSO have continued to 
exerCise parernalisric control over us. We are , 
therefore , faced with losing our CaIPI RG chapter at the 
end of th is year, unless we demand our rights. 

Broad campus support demonstrates that we have 
not gIven up. Six thousand gmduate and 
undergraduate students have signed-pemions afTlrming 
their suppon for CalPI RG. Our Associated Studem 
government (ASUCSO), a well as the Graduarc tudem 
AsSOCiation (GSA), have voted ove rwhelmingly !O urge 
the Admini str..ttlon to respect the democ rati c process 
In which the stud ent commun ity has supported 
CaIPIRG. Student leaders from withIn the UC Srudem 
Lobhy, oth er UC student governments and UC D 
frJrern itles h,lvt' also spoken out in suppOrt of our 
nghts on thiS issue. Beyond the student commumty, 
support has also come from f.lCuit y members, 
depanmenr (haIrs, untverslty provosts and many 
commun i!)' members. 

We have an obligation to stand up for srudent 
rights. Our vote on thIS issue WIll demonsrrare !O the 
Chancellor that WI' are united in this effon. Ir is our 
last chance , not only to save our chapter of CaIPIRG, 
but also to asse rt our position on th is campus as intelligent 
individuals who deserve to be respected as adults. 

ncefrfr~lr~n~ilit~lr~n<eilit<elr~n<eilitceIr~n®fr~®lr~n®(tfr®lr~ll®llit®ll~n®l\.fr®Ir~n®rctt<elr~ll<efrfr<elr~n<efdt(elr~nce 
~®lr~lettersn~ilit~lr~n<eilit®lr~ll®~fr®lJ~ll®t1fr®lf~ll®frfr@lf~n®ilit®lJ~ll®frfr®lf~ll<eldtcelf~ll<efdt(f;lf~ll<efrfr® 
lf~n~ilit~rr~n<eldt~W~n~frfr~lf~n®frR®lr~ll®ttti:~lf~ll®tttt®lfi§J ll®llit®lr~ ll®frfr®ll~n<efrfr®ll~ll®ilit®lJ~n®fctr®lr 
Purge PIRG 
Editor: 

I am writing to the Guardian regarding !he upcoming 
CalPIRG referendum Tuesday and Wednesday, April 9 
and 10. For those of you who are not aware, CalPIRG 
wants their organization to be li sted on the quanerly 
fee statement in a negative checkoff system (i.e., $3 is 
added to your fee total, but if you read the fine print 
you will see that you don 't have to pay it). Further, 
CalPIRG is adamantly opposed to a voluntary fee 
provision. What could be the reason for this other 
than a desire to deceive or dupe unwitting students 
into payi ng $3 they don 't really want to pay? The 
refusable fee that they desire preys on student apa!hy, 
I think th is is unfair. CalPIRG claims that this is 
acceptable because they have student support 
(remember their petititon?). Is this really the case? 
How many of you were accosted by a petitioner as you 
walked !O class? Who wouldn't sign a petition to help 
"save" a student organiza tion? 

Whar are [he facts? Accord ing to PIRG bylaws , only 
rhree percent of the fees lay on campus for overhead 
cosrs. The res t is sent to the state PIRG where it is 
allocared to pay for the profess ional staff, lobbyists and 
sta tewide projec ts. Yes, PIRGs hi re a pennanent staff of 
lawyers, lobbyists and the like. Funher, according to 
Ralph Nader's book Action jor a Change, PIRGs should 
be indc pwdent of the unive rsiry; the universiry's only 
responsibili ry is coUecting the PIRG fee. Should 
Universiry fees support an organiza tion that is more 
professional than student oriented? 

Getting back to student support, who wouldn't sign 
a petition to suppon an organization describing itself 
as "a non-profit, non-panisan educational group doing 
research on issues important to students"? First , what 
does CalPIRG think is in the "public interest"7 The 
PIRGs' "public interest" is in reality Ralph Nader's 
interest. I don't think most college students' interests 
are equatable with Ralph Nader's inte rests. Should we 
be told what our interests are? Second, PIRGs are 
clearly political advocacy groups. One merely has to 
look at the causes they promote to see a polit ical 
age nda and a part icular ideology. These issues are of a 
panisan nature. In a 1979 case involving the NJPIRG, 
the US Third Circuit Coun of Appeals describes ,I 
PIRG as "a politiCa l entity devoted to the attainment of 
certa in fixed ideological objectives." I'm not saying that 
is necessarily bad. The point is that such a group 
should not rece ive student fu nding by appearance on 
the fee statement. 

Lastly, there is an equiry consideration . Why should 
CalPIRG be on the fee statement and not every other 
campus student organization? This is clearly not fair. I 
am not denying CalPIRG's right [0 exist, groups such 
as theirs are useful [0 society; but at the same time. 

On Thursday, April 4, thc editorial "Freedom in 
maligned Nicaragua" presented various itcmsdesoibing 
Contra activi ties in NICaragua. The items, contained in a 
report prepared by the Internallonal Human Rights Law 
Group, were obtained courtesy oj the New Yorker 
magaZine. We regret not citing the source . 

they should nor receive speCIal fundi ng privileges. You 
can make sure they don'!. Vote no on Referend um -11"6 
April 9 or to. 

Mark A. Holfman 
Committee Against Unfair f unding (CAUF) 

Editor: 
Re-CaJPIRG . Years ago, as an unwary freshman , I 

paid the CalPIRG fee , ignorant of not only its function, 
but more importantly, of the fact that ir wasn't 
mandatory. This is what CalPIRG thrives on. Equaring 
6,000 petitioned Signatures wirh support of CalPIRG 
and the waiveable fee systems is a lark. I was accosred 
by an anny of eager CalPIRG people (by many of rhe 

Doonesbury 

Je, ()!fJ.M 
0f»I, MiMkJ. 
IlliAT'!; THt 
i ~? 
: h ,/:-= ¢=;;;.~ 
, I' 

P....,~ 
HE aJT /IJf?tJN6,~. 
YOU IN? I lHINKHt'5Pf.AN-

FIlR (Jlff/ N1N6 av SOME; -
I . THING SHAoY .. 

I 
~.--;::::~ )- = ;/ 

if(. . ~ 
;-.r ..... 

same people !Wice or more) soliciti ng my signature , 
and after re ll ing several I didn't suppon CalPIRG, I 
fo und it Simpler to say I'd signed it ea popular tacrie) 
and avoid further hassle . I know many who signed it 
because !hey were asked to (the sheep pri nciple) and 
more who Signed it to be free of the badgering or 
because !hey couldn't say no. But those signatures are 
a far cry from giving CalPIRG $3 of thei r hard-earned 
money. 

Vice Chancellor Watson's word "deception" caprures 
the picrure. All fee opt ions should be clearly stared on 
the registrallon fee form-and isn't that exactly the 
kind of public awareness CalPIRG would be fighring 

6000. 
71-EN IT's 
A fJ£.4l. 1 

\ 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 > 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 



6 Monday, Apnl 8, 1985 
C*INI~ 

. '::'':II'.:~ "'~ ~~~ • . .. ' .... ~""I>'.,- -- M. ,.,~ '" j 

{t{t~lf~ll~ilit~lf~ll ~{t{t<eIr 
Ir$ll~ilit~Ir~ll~ilit<elf~ll~ 

ll~fctt~1r ~n <eilit<err ~n~frfr 
< CONTINUED fROM PAGE' < 
for If their own fa te didn't hang in the 
balance)! KnoWIng about the $3 CaIPIRG 
fee and c hoosing to pay it is the only true 
show of suppon of CaIPIRG. It' really 
ironic that CalPI RG, founded on the 
premise of expo trig the fi ne pnnt, wIll 
go down tryi ng to cc '/er It up. 

Glenn Lucey 

Editor. 
The Third College Student CounCil 

wishes to express its support of the 
process CaIPIRG and the AS are using to 
Implement CalPIRG's fee . Although this 
letter does n t represent an 
endorsement of the referendum we do 
suppOrt the Idea that whatever ;he 
students want should be upheld by the 
admil1lstr:Ition We feel that It IS 
Imperanve that the admintstration 
respect the students' vote . 

TCSC 

What is this? 
Editor. 

ThIS letter concerns thc referandum 
ISIcl question concernmg CALPIRG 1'1 I 
111 the up ommmg ISld elections. While 
I feel that CALPIRG tS a good 
orgal1lzatlon wothy ISICI of support on 
itS own mems, I feel that there eXISts 
another Issue far more Imponam than 
CALPIRG The Issue IS students lSI I 
nghts. If CALPIRG IS allowed to be 
dlstroyed ISILI by the admll1l tr'd.tlon or 
ItS student lackles I SIC I d great VICtory 111 
student self-deternlmatlon Will be lost. 

I hope that the a I I( I students. we 
WIll resondlllgly ISlcl \'ote to Si.\ve 
CALPIRG CALPIRG IS .I ~lUc..Iem 
orgd.l1Izanon Prehaps ISIllthe reason 
that the JdmllllstraliOn does not want 
CALPIRG 15 that ItS I~IL I afnlld that 
CALPIRG WIll fight ItS tenltlve ble I plan 
to mcrcase the enrolemcnt I Sit I of 
UCSD students to 25,000 by the year 
2,000 with OUt I Sit I 5ubst<lmllaly I SIc! 
mcreaslng fJ(llmes l[nrolemcnt ISI(I 
ProJecllon Commll!ee} I hope that we 

will vote to sav;.> CALPIRG not onl)' 
because CALPIRG IS a fine student 
organization but to show the 
administmtion that .IS students we are 
not proverbIal sheep who will alo\\l 1~lcl 
ourse lve to be lead I SI( I and 
manIpulated 

I am also ,Ishamcd of my Icllow 
students. When the admmlStraliOn ralSI, 
1.lIL lour parklllg fees 1I1Id ye.1I 1,1( I w(' 
say nOlhlllg Our bookstore has th(' 
hIghest pnces in the enurc UC systcm, 
mdny time our books are not there twO 
days after school st,lrts, Wl' sa)' nothing. 
We lost over 100 cOI1\'lcntl)' I lit I localed 
parklllg spaces over spnng brei.\k, we 
say norhmg Many pans of our campus 
tncluding a p,lrkmg lot are not hghted a! 
all crcating an IIlI'Lta/IO'l for rape and still 
we say nothmg YCt when Ihe 
adlllil1lstfJ tion thre.ltcns our hooze we 
risc up in arms. 

1 am a senior, hopfully I SIC I. I will 
gaduJte [slCl soon . This mJY he [he Idst 
chancc I have to t.lke a ~tand WIth other 
UCSD studcnts 10 ~lOp the 
Jtlt11ll1lstrJtlon from walkmg O\'('r us If 
\\'l" vOle wc can do It. 

John Trumpler 
AS CommiSSIOner 

Appointments and Evaluations 

Ed,tor'l note Well, John, /Jcjorc VOIl 
"gaduate, " nlcly/Jc y"u ShOlIld nH1~Idc, 
ltIkmg Cl rCJncdwl ·pcllUlg wronal ar OASIS. 

Revelle Reps 
Editor. 

As a Revelle student, I want AS 
senators who are gOll1g to represent me 
on the AS council. Three Revelle 
Represe ntanvcs have the experience and 
knowledge to become great Revelle 
Senators. al Veas , Deborah Simon and 
Sean KenefIck have pamclpated in 
variou Revelle orgal1lzatlons, thus 
qualtfYlng [hem to run for these 
Imponam positions. As AS Senators, 
they represent Revelle to the AS Council. 
and also represent the AS CounCil to the 
Revelle College Counctl. 

1 strongly urge all Revelle students to 
vOle for Three Revelle Representanves 
They are quahfted to and want to 
represent Revelle , not some other sla te. 
We should demand and expect the best 

from our Senators, and I know that Sal 
Deb and Scan will nm let us down . V~e 
for them tomorrow and help Revelle 
elect three great reps. 

Jill Rubenslr:in 
Rew:lIe College Council Chair 

None of the Above 
Editor. 

As you know, elections [or the AS 
counCIl are drawing near and the need 
for more active and effective leadershi p 
has becomc evident. Leadership and 
organization is an intrinsic pan of 
student government and essenti:ll to the 
progress of campus well -being, SOCially 
as well as academically. Facing such 
issues as prohibition, the parking 
problem and financial aid cuts, the need 
for a new and stronger AS is pressing. 

We at the None of the Above pany are 
pre pared to face these problems and are 
detennlllt.'d to develop policies which 
will reflect students' interests. The 
current AS, many of whom are running 
aga In, h,lve not adequately responded to 
these prohlems. Talk and Ideas are fine 
but we beheve that action directly 
translates into quality student life. We 
hope that the srudents of UCSD 
recognize thi and vote accordingly. 

We have been accused of nOl 
addreSSing the issues and we would hke 
to discuss what we feel are the three 
most important. First, prohibition is a 
concern to almost everyone. Colleges 
have been traditionally a place for SOCial 
experimentation and growth. Because 
alcohol is an integral part of American 
society, we feel that it shouk:! not be 
ban ned or over controlled on our 
campus. The adminstration's a ttempt to 
do so shows blatant disrespect for 
students' maturity and freedom . The 
None Of The Above pany will strongly 
oppose prohibition. 

Parking has also become a major 
pr blem for many students. We would 
like to affec t three changes in this area. 
The parkin~ areas should be conllnued 
[0 be enlarged to accommodate the 
growing popula tion . Parking lors and 
pathwa ys must have better hghting to 
ensure Sil fety and seCUrity. We at None 
Of The Above feel that the AS should 

CUT YOUR STUDY TIME AND 
EARN HIGHER GRADES 

o 

I 
I 

• I 
1/ 

Introducing HBJ's COLLEGE OUTLINE SERIES 
The most efficient way to study: 
• complete course in outline form • extensive drill and problem solving practice 
• key concepts clearly explained • full-length practice exams with answers 

HBJ COLLEGE OUTLINES NOW AVAILABLE FOR: 
• Calculus • Business Statistics 
• College Chemistry • Business Law 
• Trigonometry • Introduction to Fortran 
• Applied Vector Analysis • Introduction to BASIC 
• Business Communication • Principles of Economics: Microeconomics 
• Applied Fourier Analysis • Intermediate Microeconomics 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
o HARCOURT BRACE JOVANOVICH, PUBUSHERS 

take stronger stances against unfair fee 
increases-student government should 
not be afraid ro stand up to the 
administration. 

Financial Aid has made high 
education possible to people from all 
walks of life. The growing trend of 
government cutS has jeopardized such 
opponuniry. The AS government 
obviously has no direct control over 
this, but It can organize students LO 
Influence politicians through the 
lobbying process. This brings forth the 
point that the AS are more than just 
organizers, they are leaders, and should 
be prepared to take active roles in 
current peninent ISSueS. 

We hope this has clarified our 
persective on student government and 
hope that you WIll vote for the None Of 
The Above pany on Tuesday and 
Wednesday. 

Crying Crocker 
Editor. 

HanySnydu 
Don Wight 

Mikr FaU2u 

I see that the editors of the Guardllln 
do not find it newsworthy that Califomlll 
Review was awarded a preliminary 
injunction in its civil rights suit filed 
against the University. The injunction, 
as reponed by such papers as The San 
DIego Vnwn, the Tnbune, and The San 
FranCISCO Chronicle, was awarded by a 
US District Court on Mareh 18 and 
orders Richard Atkinson and Vice 
Chancellor Joseph Watson to secure the 
Review on-campus office space. I am 
sure that if The People 's Voice, VOl 
Fronunza or the New Indicator were to 
win a preliminary injunction against the 
Umversity in a suit charging civil rights 
violatiOns, you wouk:! consider the story 
just as unnewsworthy. 

Keep up the good work you are doing 
in keeping frivolous news stories out of 
the Guardllln . 

C. Brandon Crocker 

Editor's Note-It's nOl on!>' frivolous Ilews 
stones that we krep out oj the Guardian, 
but slones about }m'%us n~papen; run 
by JnvoloU!i Indivuluals. 

XEROX 
u ... 7 DAY 

<-; 
FREE 

WE COPY 
t60t 611'1 Ave. SD . 
231-1676 

SENIOR 
NURSE STUDENTS 

ADVENTURE,., 
CHALLENGE ... 
PROFESSIONALISM! 
An excitlng Job with opportunities 
for world-wide travel. career de-
velopment , profeSSIOnal growth , 
excellent benefIts. BS graduates 
or sentor students are eligIble. If 
you're going to he someone, 
special.... Be a Nd.1I)' Nurse! 
For more information caD toll-free: 
1-800 - 222 -6289 , Monday -
Wednesday, 8 am-4 pm. 

Cover story 

Monday, Apnl 8, 1985 7 
:::g 
~.:.:.!~.:. ;,:~ 

AS elections Tuesday and Wednesday 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF &: PHIL WILLON 

T HE EWLY RATiAED AS Consti-runon has deSigned Tuesday and Wednesday's elections to include 
a job for a president and vice preSidents 
of administration, external affairs and 
finance. In addition , there will be six 
commissioners and nine college 
representatives elected. Nine offices are 
being sought unopposed. FinaDy, there 
are six referenda which couk:! raise 
student activity fees by as much as 
$5.50 per quaner, a variety of political 
measures. an initiative to develop 
cooperative student hOUSing, and a 
referendum to change the reg fee form 
to help support CalPIRG, a referendum 
which, incidentaUy, the Administration 
has now said it will ignore (see page 3). 

Voting booths will be located at the 
gym steps, Revelle Plaza, MOM, Peterson 
HaD and the Registrar's Office, and will 
be available from 9 am-4 pm, April 9 
and 10. All undergraduates are eligible 
to VOle. Graduates, however, are nor. 

President 
Hany Snyder 
Junior 
None of the Above 

Presidential candidate Harry Snyder 
sees his lack of experience m student 
government as both a plus and a minus. 

"My major weakness is that I'm not 
known among the students, but I feel 
that by just being a regular student. not 
caughl up in the AS, I can do a bener 
job. It's nme for some new student 
leaders: 

His three-man slate, onc of the 
Above, Will try to capture the presidency 
and the two vice presidential positions 
for extemal affairs and finance . He also 
said the slate formed to give students an 
alternative. 

"A monopoly by the RSVP slate wouk:! 
be a shame; there would be no 
opposing views in the government: 
Snyder said. "Almost ew:ryone in RSVP 
that's running is in the AS now. It will 
be exacdy the same: 

The lack of participation in the AS 
election is a prime example, Snyder 
claims. He feels that students have very 

Onl' Wily 
Fmm 

$327 
$39'9 
$429 
$379 

hnle input in the present AS, causi ng 
them to lose interest. 

-One of the reasons I ran was because 
the campus is so apathetic, no one 
knows the AS," he said. 

Later, Snyder admitted that he didn't 
know where or when the AS held its 
Council meetings. 

A major issue in Snyder'S platform is 
the opposition to proposed restrictions 
on alcohol on campus. He said that the 
prese nt Council has done little ro 
combat the idea. 

Round Trip 
From 

N/A 
$399 

ROME 
ZURICH 

$558 
$738 
$738 
$698 
$798 
$738 

Also nights 10 London, Frankfun, Geneva and Ice 
Our rare~ Include all taxe and charges! 

(aI COUIICIL IIIMIL M: 
452-0630 

in the Student Center 
Council Travel 15 the travel diviSIOn III ClEE. 

AMERICA'S OLDEST CHARTER COMPANY 

"The people are complaining but they 
Ithl' ASI arc not doing anylhing. We 
have ro get organized." 

He suggested a massive letter-writing 
campaign ro the AdminIstration 
protesting the proposal. 

As for the referenda , Snyder said he 
had hiS own Views, but tf elected 
preside nt , he would only act If the 
issues had strong student suppon. 

The $4 increase in the Student 
Activity Fee is a wonhwhile change, he 
said , but he was agai ns t giving 

organiza tions a locked-in guarantee on 
the exact amount of funding they would 
receive. -

"I feel the $4 increase isn't that much 
and we do need strong student services: 
but I think it should also be decided on 
a yearly basis how much an 
organtzation gets." 

On the referendum that would ban 
those organizations that discriminate on 
the basis of sexual preference from 
recruiting on campus, he felt the groups 
in question had the right to come on 
campus because Job-seeking students 
would be hurt otherwise . 

As for UCSD providing sanctuary for 
Central Amencan refugees. the 
preSidential candidate came out in full 
support. 

"I think it's our duty as a University 
to provide protection for refugees such 
as these," he said, and suggested 
programs that would allow students to 
donate money for feeding the destitute 
people. 

Snyder added that his views on the 
proposed UC divestment with the 
apartheid government In South Afnca 
will be gUided by the decision UCSD 
students make on the ballot. He also 
supports student-owned on-campus 
hOUSing and the measure that would list 
a $3 volunta ry fee on regIstration forms 
to support CaIPIRG. 

To increase student involvement 
withm the campus, fhe candidate 
suggested placing suggestion boxes 
around campus to field complaints and 
call them to the attentlon of the AS. 

He would also like to strengthen the 
UCSD Sun God Festival to make It 
comparable to UCLA's MardI Gras 

Mary Rose Alexander 
Senior 
RSVP 

After servmg as this year's AS vice 
preSident, Mary Rose Alexander feels her 
expenence and extenstve panicipation 
In student gove rnment has readied her 
for the pos ition of AS president. 

Alexander IS leading the 20-member 
RSVP slate, focusing on issues that deal 
with the lack of student involvement on 

> CONllNUED ON PAGE 8 > 

RESUME SERVICES 

A sharp. professional resume says a lot about you, 
Come to Kinko's for crisp. clean copies of your 
resume on specialty papers with matching envelopes. 
It's fast. Affordable, And very impressive, 

457-3775 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 



8 Monday, Apnl 8, J 985 

Elections 
< CONTINUED AtOM PAGE 7 , 
campus, the proposed alcohol 
limitations by the AdmInistration , the 
increase of student actiVity fees that the 
slate feels would tailor to the need for 
more student activities, services and 
programs for the expanding campus, 
and g3ining a louder voice for UCSD on 
uch things as financial aId legislation 

by working closer wIth the UC tudent 
Lobby 

The fact that onl)1 twO students chose 
to run for preSident this year had 
Alexander somewhat dismayed , but she 
said that her election campaIgn will 
educate students on the current issues 
so they can see for themselves that she 
is the better candidate. 

"We're using this campaign not only 
to win but to inform students on 
important issues," she said . "\ really 
don't have an answer to why there are 
so few candIdates. but It 's important to 
keep students aware of what's going on." 

There has been a recent trend . both 
nationally and in colleges, to limll 
alcohol on campus. Such an action was 
proposed by the Administratlon this 
quarter. 

Alexa nder is currently the chair of 
Students for ResponSible Drinking, and 
admIts that while some action must be 
take n to curb some alcohol-related 
prob lems on the campus. It should nO! 
be prohIbIted or so restricted thaI it WIll 
make life on campus unbearable. 

"Restricting it wouldn 't make it better 
at all . It will make students very 
unhappy. It would be JUSt like hIgh 
school, when you weren't allowed to 
d nnk. so you ended up partymg 
somewhere off campus. You'd drink, 
then dri ve back. 

"We don't need a policy saymg 

students can't drink- they're going to 
drink anyway. I think what we need is a 
policy that YIelds responsible behavior." 

he added that instituting an 
approachable alcohol educatlon program 
for the general student body should be 
developed . Even an idea of offering a 
two-unit course on the topiC for 
incoming freshman would improve the 
problem, she said . 

As for the referenda, Alexander was 
qUick dishing out her suppOrt and 
critlcisms. 

She gave her full suppOrt for the 
proposed $4 increase in the student 
activity fee , which she thinks will allow 
the AS to start new services, provide 
more programs and increase the quality 
of the alternative media and existing 
services. 

"There are a lot of thi ngs that I'd like 
to see happen on this campus that we 
JUSt don't have the money for," 
Alexander said , adding that UCSD has 
one of the lowest activity fees ($8 per 
quarter) in the UC system, and the 
rapid growth of UCSD warrants the 
need for the increase. 

On the question of using student 
registration fees to support on-campus 
re ruitment by the military, the CIA. the 
ec ret em ce, the FBI and the INS, all 

of which are accused of discriminating 
agains t homosexuals, Alexander was 
indeciSIve. 

" j don't thInk we should have money 
gOIng to organiza tions that are 
dIsc rimina ti ng, but on the other hand I 
don 't think we should deny a lot of 
stud ent s on this campus who may want 
to work for those o rganizations. 

''There are a lot of students that don't 
care. tha t discriminate agaInst other 

ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM 

APPLY NOW fOR 
SUMMER AND FALL INTERNSHIPSI 

WASHINGTON D.C. 
NOW is the time to start thinking about a SUMMER OR FALL INTERNSHIP in 
WASHINGTON D.C. We can arra •. ge placement and plush UC sponsored 
housing with interns from an UC campuses. Earn up to 12 units of credit. 
Political, engineering, communication, and many other placements 
available. Intern with Senators, in Congress, and in such organizations as: 
House Ways and Means, Superior Court of Washington D.C., Handgun 
Control. Campaign for Political Rights, ABC News, Cable News Network, 
American RIm Institute. Also, paid engineering placements with Martin 
Marietta. 

SACRAMENTO 
Placements are available year-round with legislators, State Assembly and 
Senate committees, Califomia Arts Council, and more. 

PRE-MED 
VJ!'1DAN'S HOSPITAl: Alcohol Treatment Program, Orthopedics and 
Psychiatry. 
~ITYHOSPITAl: Work with inclMdual doctors on research projects 
In areas. such as: gastroenterology, endocrinology, hematology, oncology, 
neurosaences, genetics, pathology, psychiatric stress. 

COMPUTER SOENCE, ENGINEERING, PHYSICS 
Design and implement computer programs, software, etc. Work with 
engineers in research and design, both in mechanical and electrical 
engineering. 

COMMUNICAnONS 
CHANNELS 8, 10, 39 & 15: Internships available with local newspapers, 
major lV and radio stations in San Diego, advertising and public relations 
firms, marketing research agendes, govemment organizations, magazines 
and business journals. ' 

students and other ethnicities and races 
and sexual preferences. If they Want to 
work for the CIA, they should be able 
to." 

Alexander added she would probably 
vote to ban those organizations from the 
campus. 

The preSidential candidate also 
suppOrts the proposed UCSD student 
body's participation in the national 
sanctuary movement for Central 
American refugees , but said that any 
action taken would have to be instigated 
by the student body and nO! the AS. 
Alexander also supports the UC Regent 
and UCSD divestiture from the 
apartheid government in South Africa, 
and feels that student action would be 
strongest if they supported the UC 
Student Lobby, which is currently calling 
for the withdrawal. 

Because the off-campus housing 
market is drifting OUt of students' 
monetary range, and urtiversity housing 
is too sparse, Alexander wants to see 
student-owned housing on campus, 
including fraternities and cooperatives. 

Presidential hopeful Alexander had no 
comment on the referendum that would 
put a voluntary $3 fee to sUppOrt 
CaIPIRG on registration forms. 1m 

VP External Affairs 
The Vice President of External Affairs' 

major responsibility is to oversee all 
external affairs of the Associated 
Students on a local, state and national 
level. Th Vice President will serve as the 
Student Body Presidents' Council 
representative, pending the President's 
approval , and must select the campus 
Lobby Annex Director, who is tied to 
the UC Student Lobby and voices 
student concems on such issues as 
financial aid , UC investment in South 
Africa and fee increases. 

WBArs AN ACADEMIC 
INTEltNSBIP? 
You can work in a career-related, 
olf-cam pus placement and earn 
credit through the Academic 
Internship Program. 

Gala r .actIcaI apateace .. , 
AWlwllatyoa .......... ladac 
da'AI'OOIIL.. 
Malle yoaneIllDOl'C 
employable .. , 
Check oat career ............ 
Earn acacfemtc credit. 

Greg Amold 
Senior 
RSVP 

Having a strong link with the outside 
communiry, whether it be on a local, 
state or national level, is crucial for a 
successful AS, candidate Greg Arnold 
said . 

If elected , Arnold plans to establish a 
strong Lobby Annex on campus and 
create a heaer reputation for UCSD in 
San Diego. In addition, he p lans to 
attack pressing state issues such as 
recent cuts in fi nancial aid, proposed 
fee increases and UC involvement in 
the production of nuclear arms. • 

"San Diego doesn't know we're here," 
Arnold said. "If people in the AS were 
able to work with those outside Ithe 
UniverSity l. they might appreciate us 
more." -

Arnold sees financial aid as the major 
issue he will be involved with if elected. 
"W ith the increase in loans, you'll have 
students graduati ng in debt," he said . "A 
college degree is no longer a guarantee 
for a good job that can pay it off." 
Through the UC Student Lobby, the AS 
is always !lying to increase financia l aid , 
he said. 
On the referendum dealing with UC 
divestiture from the apartheid South 
African govemment, Arnold said, "A 
major university such as UCSD must 
come out in a strong voice in 
opposition to UC involvement. 1 don 't 
see how any people can deal with the 
apartheid . First and foremost , students 
have to be educated on the subject," 
Arnold said . 

Arnold is currently the UCSD 
representative to the Student Body 
Presidents' Council , which will remain 
one of his responsibiliue tf elected AS 
vice president of external affairs. He is 
also the SBPC chair of the Student 
Services Committee. 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 9 > 

BOW MANY HOUIS A 
WBDDO I WOU? 
Most students work 10 hours a 
\.Wek for 1 or 2 q uarters. Some 
INOrk 20 to 40 hours a week. 
BOW MANY UNITS Of 
CJtI!DIT IS IT POSSIBLE 
TO EAItN7 
From 4 to 12 per quarter, to a 
ma ximum of 16. 

WHO IS EUGIBLE? 
Any UC Studen t with a 2 .5 GPA 
who has comple ted 90 units . 

BOW DO I fIND A 
PIACEMENn 

It 's a va luable academic 
experience. You'll work with a 
faculty advisor in developing a 
research paper topic a nd in setting 
goals for your internship. Each 
placement is correlated to your 
major and designed to 
complement your academic work. 

We find one-or you can develop 
your own. 

ART. DUMA 

PO. MOD INPO, 
CAlL EXT. 4355 

408 WAIIBN CAMPUS 

Work on museum displays, graphic design. Learn an production aspects of a 
working theater. 

PRE-lAW 
Work with inclMdualla ..... yers and legal firms in preparing cases interviewing 
witnesses, writing briefs, going to court. ' 

SOCIAL SDVICES 
Inte",'l wi~ public & private agendes serving ctient populations such as: 
lealTUng disabled, physically handicapped, victims of incest, victims of child 
abuse, battered women, disturbed adolescents. 

Ifttemahlp. are Available Vear ROUDd 

Elections 
< CONTINUED AtOM PAGE 8 "-

Donald Wight 
Sophomore 
None of the Above 

As a candidate fo r vice president of 
external affairs, Donald Wight sees the 
major issue facing UCSD students to be 
fi nancial aid cuts. 

He hopes to instigate a strong 
lobbying campaign to protest the recent 
cuts in financial aid . 

"We need someont! to stand up and 
take the in itiative," Wight said. "That's 
what the AS is supposed to be about." 

As fo r the UC d ivesti ture from the 
apartheid government in South Africa, 
Wight said , "I won't say anything about 
my personal feeli ngs on the subjec t. I 
have to go with what the students 
decide (on the referendum): 

Wight also spoke out against -the 
proposed restriction on alcohol on 
campus, saying that the current AS has 
done little to represent students' 
opinions. 

"Students don't want prohibiton. and 
I feel the AS 'should take a stronger 
stand ." 

VP Administration 
The Administrative Vice President is 

responsible for managing ASUCSD 
. personnel and acting as President in 

case of absence or removal from oITtce. 
The Vice President will also serve as the 
chairperson of all the ASUCSD Council 
meetings and will solicit and appoint, 
subject to Council approval, all student 
representatives of campuswide 
comminees. 
Ariel Anguiano 
Sophomore 
RSVP 

Ariel Anguiano is running for vice 
president unopposed. 

"It 's a shame-I expected to run 
against at least twO other students." he 
said . "I know 1 could have won, but 

still .... " 
Last year, AngUiano ran for vice 

preSident against Mary Rose Alexander 
and lost In a runoff ballot. This time 
around he chose to join fo rces with her 
because, he says, she is by far the best 
person for the job of AS p resident. 

The job of administrative vice 
president demands a keen sense of 
leadership to guide the e nti re Council 
through its meetings, to assist the 
president, and to review all Council 
legislation. 

"Mostly. I'm a people mover-I'll be 
out there trying to manage all of the 

commissioner.>, trying to motivate the 
entire AS and make sure they do their 
jobs." 

Anguiano sees improving 
communication between the AS and the 
student body as the major goal of his 
slate. Even though he is unopposed, 
Anguiano says he continues to 
campaign, to inform students on all the 
issues that will be facing them this 
coming year. 

"Campaigning gives me an excuse to 
talk to the students. something I want 
[Q continue if elected: 

After losing last year's election, 
Anguiano continued to attend AS 

1985 UC San Diego 
Summer $cssion 

Catalogs 
Are Available 

UC San Diego Summer Session Catalogs are 
available at the Summer Session Otnce, 101 A 

Administrative Complex. For further 
information or to receive a free copy of the 

catalog call 452-4364, 

International Living at UCSD 
on campus housing at Beagle Hall , 

Revelle Campus 
. multi-cultural setting 

fRENCH , SPANISH, GERMAN Suites 
• special programming supportive of language/cultural learning 

APPLY /YOW fOR fALL 1985 
applications now available at your college's Resident 

Dean's Office or the International Center 
. application deadline Is April 23, 1985 

. further information at 455~157 or 452-3025 

IANGUAGf: HOUSt: 
rlOW Or[" TO All. UCSD STVD[rtTS 

Council meetings, keeping himself up to 
date. He feels that his persistence will 
payoff for next year's Council. 

VP Financial 
= 

The FinanCial Vice President will 
adVise the President and Council on all 
budgetary matters, develop programs to 
generate income, oversee all ASUCSD 
policies and proced ures concerning the 
use of activity fees , and assis t in all 
student organizations' budgeting 
processes. The Vice President will also 
review as well as serve on the AS 

Investment Committee and will c hair 
the AS Finance Committee. Issues 
expected to surface in the next year 
i nelude the proposed Increase and 
budget lock-in on thIS year's referendum 
bailor and the funding and student 
co ntrol of the new University Center, to 
be built near the Registrar's Office. 
Michael Fausett 
Sophomore 
None of the Above 

Michael Fausett IS running on new 
ideas. He feels the RSVP slate is just an 
old rehash of the old AS and feels 
students want something new. 

MonJay, Apnl 8, 1985 9 

Although he has relatively little 
experience in fi nancial matters, Fausett 
says he will use his position to increase 
student involvement and open more 
channels of communication between the 
AS and the student body. 

"I'm just a student, but I feel I know 
what the people want," he said. "It 
seems we have a pretty apathetiC 
student body, and I think a new 
government has to get students 
involved." 

As for the proposed $4 increase in 
student activity fees, Fausett was 
somewhat despondent, remembering 
what UCSD students are currently 
paying for the new University Center. 

To increase student involvement, 
Fausen hopes to expand the size of the 
Sun God Festival, to equal UCLA's Mardi 
Gras. He also suggested that UCSD start 
up a football team. 
Jill Lifschiz 
Senior 
RSVP 

More than 80 student organizations 
receive AS funding, and financial vice 
preSidential candidate Jill Lifschiz would 
like to see them become more 
finanCially independent. 

'There will never be enough money to 
meet everyone's needs ," Lifschiz said. 
"Student organizations have to be 
actively involved in their own funding. 
There's nO! enough money I for all the 
organizations 1. and they have to realize 
thal." As Vice President Lifschiz would 
assist in the development of aU the 
organizations' budgets and also would 
head the committee that will evaluate all 
organization budget requests. 

Lifschiz is currently the AS Activity 
Fee chair, an advisor in the budget 
process of student organizations, and 
the Revelle representative on the Student 
Center Board. 

She feels the referendum asking for a 
$4 increase in STUdent activity fees IS of 
major importance to the growing UCSD 
campus. Currently, UCSD has one of the 
lowest fees in the UC system. 

"Four dollars is not a big deal. Our 
entire AS bud~et IS only $300,000, 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 > 

Fami1y Planning: 
a choice, a responslb1l1ty 
.~~ ... , 
with results while you walt 

• Unplanned pregnancy/ 
general or 100&1 anesthesia 

• Birth control 
• Gyueoolog1oa.l exams 
,...,., FtuftiJ, PIn,.";"g 
..... AssocillUs Medictll Group 

San DIego 
6496 A/varado Rd. 
(118)...,-.... 

• atfoI'dab1e 

PSSSTT! 
THINKING 

ABOUT DOING 
AN INTERNSHIP DURING 
THIS SUMMER? 

ASIO presents 
INTERNSHIP INFO NITE 

TUESDAY, APRIL 9th AT 7PM 
ASIO OFFICE-STUDENT CENTER 

2ND FL., ABOVE THE GAMEROOM 
For more info, call 452 .. 4689. 



10 MIlndah Ap,,1 8, 198'i 

Elections 
< CONllNUED FROM PAGE 9 < 
which is barely enough to cover 
ourselves for the basics ," Lifschiz aid . 
-For us to grow, it's the only way." 

The added fee would allow 
improvements In eXIsting organiz.lUons 
and Increases in the number of 
organizations on campus, and would 
also supply the four college coun lis 
with needed fund s for separate college 
activ1l1e . 

Referenda 
REFERE TDUM #} 
(a) The AsSOCiated tudents A tivu)' Fcc 
IS the funding source thal suppOrtS 
tudent programs. a tl\'ltICS and 

services. The pre ent fee of -8 has not 
been changed 111 four year., to 
accommodate growth .lnd Inflatlon Do 
)'OU suppon a '+ actlvlt)' fee 111crease 
\\1lh the follow111g per-qua ncr, per-
student con llIunonal lock-111s) 

KSDT .............. _. SI.l O 
tudent elV1 es , . .. .... S I .40 

Alternative Media ...... 1.50 
Total Increase . . . ....... S4 00 

o I suppon a S4 Activll)' Fee mcrease 
o I do not suppOrt a S4 Activity Fee 
increase 
(b) The UC tudent Lobby, supported 
through fee momes. lobbies the state 
legislature . the UC Regents and the UC 
Administrallon for students' nghts and 
needs. The lobb)' has been effectlvely 
maintaming a mimmum fee level. Do 
yo u suppon a S1 activIt)' fee increase 

per quaner per student constitutionally 
locked in for the UC tudent Lobby? 
o I support a SI fee increase for the 
lobby. 
o I do not support a $1 fee increase for 
the lobby. 
( ) The four college counCils (Muir. 
Revelle . Third and Warren) prol'ide 

programs and deal with Issues on the 
college level. Presently they are funded 
by vendmg machme revenues. 

Do you SUppOI1 a SO.50 actiVIt)' fee 
increase per quaner per student as 
college coun iI onstltutlonallock-in) 
o I suppOrt a $0.50 a tivit)' fee increase 
for college councils. 
o I do not suppon a $0.50 activity fee 
I ncrease for college councils. 

REFERENDUM #2 
Do you support endrng the use of 

student registration fees for the purpose 
of on-campus rccrultmem by the 

military, the CIA, the Secret Service, the 
FBI and INS? 

ThiS rcjcrendum may I1ldlCate whether 
there is any truth to the alleged 
conservative student movement. On the one 
hand, these gOllfrnment institutions do a 
tremendous amount oj hlling oj college 
grads into relatively high paYll1gjobs, while 
on the other, they hal'!! all been accused oj 

myriad 1110ral olfenses world-Wide. 
REFERENDUM #3 

Do you suppport the UCSD 
Associated Student Body's participation 
in the national sanctuary movement for 
Central American Refugees? 

This rejerendum was inspired by the lihes 
oj UC Riverside, UC Beriuley and UCLA, 
which ha ve all established themselves a.S 
sanctuanes jar incoming Central Amencan 
rejugees. As sanctuanes, these school hallf 
made a moral (and, in a jew cases, an 
actual) commitment to sheller these people 
and protect them jrom gOllfntment 
persecution. 

The Warren Faculty Fellow Program Presents 

Dr. Shirlq Strum 
Department of Anthropology 

REFERENDUM #4 
Do you suppon the UC Regent and 

the UCSD divestiture from the apartheid 
government in South Africa? 

ThiS rejerendum would call on the AS to 
request the UCSD Administration and the 
UC Regents to withdraw their investments 
III companres With South Ajnwn interests. 
Millions oj UC dollars art' Invested in such 
companies (e.g., IBM), and the Regents 
have been reluctant to support such a 
measure despite personally calling Jor an 
end to apartheid. 

REFERENDUM #S 
Do you support the creation of on-

campus, student-owned, student-
operated cooperative housing? 

ThiS measure would grve the AS the go 
ahead to begin looking into the development 
oj a student hOUSing coop. Students would 
OWi1 and operate the low-cost housing 
dellflopmerrt and would benejit in terms oj 
low rents and Javorable hOUSing 
arrallgements which hallf become virtually 
impoSSible to jind in La Jolla and the 
surrounding area. 

REFERENDUM #6 
Do you support a chapter of CalPIRG 

(the California Public Interest Researeh 
Group) at UCSD. which will be funded 
by a voluntary SJ per-quarter fee? The 
CalPIRG fee will be induded in all fee 
tOtals on the registration fonn . and each 
scudent will have the option not to pay 
the fee at the time of fee payment. 

This rejerendum, though it is stili on the 
ballot, IS essentially meaningless, as the 
Administration has already stated aJta a 
long fight jrom CalPIRG that the 
rejerendum will not be honored. The 
Administration has declared that Jar the 
purposes oj clarity and jalrness, all 
voluntary jees must be and will be listed 
separately jrom mandatory jees, while 
CaIPlRG contends that, despite student 
support lrsllng the jees separately will bring 
jinancial catastrophe to the UCSD chapla. 
(See story on page J jor more details.) ~ 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ! ••••••••• 

showing a movie on her work with baboons 
in Kenya, 

"Shirley Strum 
and the Pumphouse Gang" 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Free refreshments! Everyone Welcome. 
Monday, April 8, 8 - 10 pm 
Warren Apartment Commons 

Get Down With Ralph 
Ralph Nader will be speaking at 
R~velle Plaza at noon on Tuesday, 

Apnl 9. Anyone who is anyone will be 
there. So should you. 

A.S. 
General Election 

April 9th & 10th 
9am ·- 4pm 

Locations: 
Gym Steps 

Revelle Plaza 
MOM 

Peterson Hall 
Registrars 

Picture 10 is required. 

CalPIRG referendum 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 
proVided it means by which students 
could avoid paying the CalPIRG fee, but 
the cruCial Issue is that the CalPIRG 
form does not list mandarory and 
voluntary fees separately. 

CalPIRG's petition, Signed by more 
than 6,000 students, was m suppOrt of a 
so-called "waivable fee ," a term which 
the Admin istration refuses to recognize 
and which the AS replaced with 
"voluntary" on the referendum. 

"There are only two kinds of fees: 
mandatory and voluntary." Watson 
emphaSized. 

"The crucial point is that. .. what (he 
AS referendum question says is that 
CalPIRG will be included in all fee totals. 
We will not mclude CalPIRG in the total 
of mandatory fees. Jr's a voluntary fee . 
We will use Form B. which will .. list 
four payment options." 

CalPIRG has often contended that 
listing its fee as a "voluntary" fee 
(essentially a don,Hion ) will fail to 
provide the organization with suffiCient 
funds to wntlnue ItS operations, but at 
the same time has claimed that It has 
overwhelming student support. Critics 
have noted the irony m that claim, 
while CalPIRG has mamtained that 
students suppOrt the organization but 
will not go out of their way to donate 
money. 

"CalPIRG representatives said that 
they did not want to have students 
choose between the two forrns and they 
wanted their form to be presented to 
students solely. They did not, as I 
understand it, want a choice between 
the two forms." Watson said . "If 
students are so commined to funding 
CaIPIRG. why would CalPIRG not 
survive when students know all of the 

payment options they have and they 
make an informed choicer Watson 
asked . 

Accordmg to Watson , charges that the 
Admlllistration is insensitive to student 
opinion are unfounded. 

"It 's often said we are Willing to 
ignore student opinion .... We want to 
give weight to students' opi nions when 
they're fully. informed student opinions. 
And ... III this case, I think students are 
being misled because they're not being 
given the full information . 

"And let me emphaSize I'm referring 
to the fonn question, not to the fundmg 
of CalPIRG at all. 

-The Administration is fully prepared 
to recognize and give weight to student 
opinion as long as it is consistent with 
University policy and the best interest 
of students. We suggested an approach 
to get an mformed student opinion on 
this Issue: two questions. one a matter 
of whether or not they Wish to 
contribute to CalPIRG, and two, a 
question of which format did they want. 
The AS saw fit not to present It in that 
way, and as we have indicated in the 
past , we think it is far better for 
students to be presented with all of the 
information and then make a chOice 
and that's what we are going to do," 'he 
said . 

Watson added . "The form we propose 
which will be I1lstituted does not inhibit 
or discourage in any way a student from 
contributing to CalPIRG if that studem 
wishes 10 do so." 

Consumer advocate Ralph Nader, 
I1lvolved with the nationWide PIRG 
system, IS makmg an unrelated vis it to 
UCSD to talk about consumerism 
Tuesday at noon on Revelle Plaza. EJ 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
Financial Aid ·Deadline 

1985-86: 

MAY 1, 1985 
This is a reminder to all who want to be 

considered for financial aid for 1985-86. The 
deadline to complete your fmancial aid file to 
be considered for aid for all three quarters of 
1985-86. .i~ May 1, 1985. It is your 
resp o n SIbIlIty to kn ow the required 
documents and submi t them by th is deadline. 
If yo~r file is completed after May 1, you will be 
c.onsId.ered .for win ter and spring quarter 

fm~nCl~~ aId only. Depending on the 
avaIlabIlIty of funds, late applicants may not be 
fully funded. 

Student Financial Services strongly urges 
you to c~mplete your file as soon as possible to 
be .c~nslde re? for fall quarter aid , thereby 
aVOIdIng the Inevitable last minute rush. 

DO IT NOW! 



12 A fmtda\', Apnl 8, 1985 

UnG~~(~ 
o O(~( ==::I 

) ) 
: ~ ( )1 0) ) 

We Want You To Vote 
A.S. Spring Elections 

Tuesday, April 9th 9 am - 4 pm 
Wednesday, April 10th !vt 

H 11 Re . OM Peterson a glStrqr, 
s Of/lee 

Revelle "plaza Gym Steps 

Is dentistry in your future? 
The Pre-Dental Club together with the Career 

Services Center will host a speaker from the UCSF 
School of Dentistry. Mr. jim Zepeda will speak and 
answer questions about the school and admission to 
UCSF, which is rated as one of the best dental schools in 
the country. Monday, April 8 at 3 pm in Career SeTVices 
(above Assoned Vinyl). 

Political economy on parade 
The Organization for Political Economy will be 

meeting Wednesday, April 10 at 3 pm in the 
multipurpose room in the student center. 
Speaking will be President Ed Swain and Dr. 
Tracy Strong. For more information call the 
president at 455-9857. 

The 5th Annual Women's Leadership Conference April 
12th, 13th and 14th at Unviersity of California, Irvine 

featuring keynote speaker: 
Shirley Chisholm 

Author, educator and former senior legislator. 
Contact Barbara Hopkins 452-2023. 

Speaker on careers in health 
Health Issues and Professions Organization (HIPO) 

will be having a meeting with guest speaker Lori Pfeifer, 
a UCSD student, who will discuss her experience as a 
volunteer on a medical team that traveled to Liberia. 
Wednesday, April 10, from 6-8 pm. Revelle Informal 
Lounge . Old and new members welcome ! 

Engineers of all kinds 
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engi neers 

(IEEE) will hold a meeting Thursday, April 11 from 1-
2:30 pm in AP&"M 2202. The topic is Haley's Comet 
research at UCSD. Refreshments will be provided. Also , 
IEEE/SWE Potluck is Wednesday, May 8 at 5:30 pm in 
the International Center. 

Ralph Nader at UCSD 
Come hear Ralph Nader speak on: "Student 
Activism in the '80s." Tuesday at noon on Revelle 
Plaza. Sponsored by AS Programming, UEO and 
CaIPIRG. Nader is America's most famous social 
critic, he is responsible for advances in areas of 
safety, sanitation, pollution control, advertising 
credibility, tax reform and nuclear energy. 

The UCSD Political Film Series presents 

''Anarchism in America" 
with "Red Squad" 

Friday, April 12 at 7 pm 
FREE TLH 107 FREE 

Run for your money 
Want a grant this quarter? Better hurry! Grant 

applications for undergraduate academic or creative 
projects are available at the US Grants office, upstairs in 
the student center. You can get up to $500 for that 
speciaJ project you've been planning, but you gona get 
that application back to us by 2 pm Tuesday, April 9! 
That's tomorrow, so think fast. For info and 
applications, call 452-3917. 

Student Health Advocate Training 
Do your friends turn to you for health information? 

Are you interested in expanding your health knowledge 
and sharing it with others? If so, the seven week training 
session for Student Health Advocates begins on : 
Thursday, April 11 from 2:30 to 4:30 upstairs at student 
health . Call Janice or Chris at 452-2419 for more 
information . 

Good music for a good cause 
Three band parry and fundraiser with the Amazons, 

Animal Cafe and Limbo Slam on Saturday, April 13 at 9 
pm at the Che Cafe. Refreshments $3.00. Sponsored by 
P.5.A. and CAl Csc. 

Spring Film Series presents Soviet Cinema 

"Don Quixote" 
Thursday, April 11 at 7 pm 

FREE TLH 104 FREE 

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship 
We are a student-run organization which provides 

Christian fellowship and discipleship for students. We 
meet EVERY Wednesday night at 7 pm at the 
Chancellor's Complex lllA. The subjects of the talks 
range from "How to Study the Bible" to "Relating the 
Bible to Our World ." Bring your friends and family. 
Bring your dog. Recruit strangers from off the street. 
Everyone is welcome. 

It's Birdcage Review time again 
The Birdcage Review for wimer quarter is now available 

in the Third College &: Muir Literature offices and the 
offices of visual arts and music. There will be a BCR 
organizational meeting this Wednesday at 5 pm in the 
Pub. All interested students are welcome. Also, the 
review is accepting submittals. Entry forms are available 
in the Departments of Literature (H&'SS 4009 and 
TCHB 110) Visual Arts, Communications, Drama, and 
Music and the Associated Students Office. 

Internship Information Night 
Find out what internships are, what they can do for 

you, how to go about gening one, and answers to any 
other questions you have! ASIa's internship 
infonnation night is Tuesday, April 9 at 7 pm, above the 
game room in the student center. Call 452-4689 for 
more information. See you there! 

Do you get a kick out of business? 
Then come hear Bob Bell, owner of the San Diego 

Sockers, and former business school lecturer discuss 
sports and entrepreneurialism. Presented by SAM. 
April 10 from 5:30 to 6:30 pm in Revelle Formal Lounge. 

Backgammon Tournament 
The Backgammon Club meets every Monday night. 

The first meeting is tonight, April 1, at the Teacher's 
Lounge on the 7th floor of AP&"M at 6:00 pm. Beginners 
and experts welcome. Come meet some new people! 

Monddy. Apnl 8, 1985 13 

Hey Divers! 
The UCSD SCUBA Club will have its first-meeting of 

spring quarter. Our speaker this month will be jay Green 
spring quarter. Our speaker this month will be jay 
Greenbaum, an expert on underwater photography. We 
will be meeting Wednesday, April 10 at 8 pm in the 
Recreation Gym Conference Room. So be there all you 
hose heads. 

There's no need to rush 
Circle K is a co-ed community seTVice organization 

sponsored by Kiwanian International. Everyone is 
welcome to join. Interested in helping at the MDA 10K 
on April 14 or the La JoUa half marathon on April 24 and 
receiving a free T-shirt as well as the satisfaction of 
helping a charitable organization, call Paul at 457-1792 
about info on the runs and the club. 

Attention Student Orgs: 
It's that time again! The first fun filled Sun God 

Festival meeting of the quarter will be tonight, April 8 in 
the Nonh Conference Room at 5:30 pm. Don't forget to 
bring forms D, E, F, F2, F3 and G. 

--- - - - - -.., 

-~--------------------- -----

, ------ -=---- -------- -------

Shaolin Kung-Fu Club 
presents a free 

Kung-Fu Demonstration 
Wednesday, April 10 at 6 pm 

Rec. Gym Patio 

Engineering and outer space 
The American Institute of Aeronautics and 

Astronautics proudly presents "The Engineering 
Challenges of Space Industrialization." Speaker: Dr. 
Andrew Cutter from Cal Space. April 9 in UH 2102 at 6 
pm. 

APSA will meet this week 
The Asian Pacific Student Alliance (APSA) is having 

its first general meeting of the spring quarter 
Wednesday, April 10 in TLH 109 at 4 pm. All are 
welcome. 

Israel Action Committee meeting 
We are having our next meeting on Tuesday, April 9 

at 5:30 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge. For more info 
call Micah at 587-0942. 

Get healthy this spring! 
Come by the Che Cafe on South Revelle Campus and 

enjoy a delicious meal or a cool fruit smoorhie. And 
don't miss the Spaghetti All-You-Can-Eat on 
Wednesday, April 10 from 5-7 pm for only $3.00 



Firewalker 
By VAN HUTCHINSON 

T HE CRIMSO COALS crunched under my toes like dry com nakes. 1200 degress and no pain. 
Not even a mark on my bare feel 10 
show I had jusl walked across a ten-foot 
bed of embers red from the heat of Ihe 
bonfire. 

Had I really done II? Why was I able 
10 sland when my feel should have been 
charred ne h? I nashI'd back to 
moments hefore . 

It was mIdnight on Fnday nIght of 
fInals week Standing on the lerrace of 
the an DIego ConventIon Center wllh 
rolled-up pant legs , Ihe on rele felt 
cold [0 my bare feel In contrast to the 
searing heat Just a few fee l away from me. 
I looked at the coals, glOWIng, blazing 
nIckering WIth fire wllhIn-hre hot 
enough to melt lead or even aluminum. 

Around me was a throng of excIted, 
energIzed people, all talking, clappIng, 
chantIng in nervous excilement. TheIr 
vOIces belled a lenSlon and wonder al 
what wa aboul 10 happen. Wilhin 
mInutes. more Ihan 200 would walk on 
fire . 

My hean was beating fast now. I 
became aware of the constant 
undercurrent of skIn drums as it began 
10 bUIld , and I could tell Ihe moment of 
Ihe walk was getting closer. Someone 
began to clap rhythmIcally, and wilhIn 
moments II spread through the crowd 
and built to a crescendo It was tIme to 
walk. 

The lIne in front of me began 10 
move. ChIldren, bUSInesspersons, retIred 
and unemployed people were walkIng, 
running, boltIng across the coals into the 
anns of those who had alreadygone. Their 
vlclory ye lls echoed off the skyscrapers 
above us The person In front of me 
squared hIS houlders and walked , 
leaving me stanng at hIS foo lsleps. 

My hean was beatIng much faster 
than the drums now I fel t giddy and III 
at ease Fear took control of Ihe VOIce 
inside my head. "What if I'm the fIrst 
one to bum?" The coals kept on 
glOWIng, tauntIng me to doubt. "I failed 
twice at being hypnotIzed. What if I 
have no control over my mind? What if 
everybody else has been put In a deep 
state and I'm not there ? What if ..... 

A Firewalk leader grabbed my arm 
and Instructed me to keep my eyes up. 
"Never look down at the coalsl" he 
warned . "Look up and see only cool 
moss. And breathe deep now. Deeper 
and more powerful than ever before." I 
breathed in and OUI, faster and faster, 
blOWIng II out like a bellows. He 
screamed at me. "Stronger! Harderl Five 
times harder than Ihal! More powerful 
than you've ever felt In your hfe l" 

I heSItated a moment, waiting for hIm 
to shove me on my way. He walled for 
me. Then I knew it. I could do it. One 
foot went down, Ihen the other. 
EverythIng was blocked out of my mind 
except a slIght sensalion of crunchIng 
My feet were pushIng the coals out of 
the way as If I was striding confidently 
across a bed of com flakes . 

Then It was over. Ahead of me was a 
cheermg group of people who hugged 
me , shook my hand and danced. 
Behind me were my fears . 

I separated myself from the group JUSI 
to be alone for a few moments. I fell 
euphonc and Iremendously powerful. I 
made a fist and lr,oked up al a lit-up 
skyscraper and yelled , "I d Id II!" The 
vision and feel ing will be burned in my 
memory lorever. 

Later. I could hardly behf:ve thaI I h.ld 
done II How could I have whIpped my 

~alterhr,llned mInd Into U 1001 that 

could make 1200 degree coals feel like 
com nakes7 

Looking back through thill Friday 
evening, I found pan of the answer 
simply in the excitement Ihal we 
generated as a group Around 8 o'clock 
Ihe group came in from watching the 
fires beIng buIl t. There was a buzz of 
vOICes talkIng about the heat from the 
logs and the fears people were gOIng to 
lay to rest A burst of musIc fIlled the 
room and 440 hands began clappIng. 

r ony RobbInS. the leader 01 the 
hrewalk. mn to the (..cntcr of thl' room 
and made us cl.lp f.\',ll'r I was movcd 
by Ihc t:hJrI~ma Jnd '1,lgC prl'scn~e 01 
thl~ m.111 only 'l.X )l"I'" okkr than me. 

At about 6 feel , SIX Inchcs, 240 pounds, 
SIU sixteen feet, and hands larger than 
I've ever seen, he would strike fear IntO 
a modern day Goliath Except he didn't. 
He taught us to tum the tables on fear 
Itself. He explaIned , "TOnIght's event IS 
nOt about walking on fIre . Firewalking is 
only a metaphor to prove to you right 
from the stan that you can rum fear into 
power." 

Throughoul the three hours of prepar-
allon on FrIday, Robbms would talk for 
a little while on such Ihlng as self-
IlInlllng beliefs, Jnd then we would do 
,In expe nmental actiVIty One Involved 
Im.lglnIng ou",clves bi.H.:k In ,I lime 
whcn we felt wI')' l'x(I(cd ,lnd alIve and 
thl'n m<tkIng th.1I f('dIng gn)\\ more 

Intense. And the feelings were real to 
me . The things I VIvidly Imagined In fu ll 
color and sound felt just as real as if I 
was there in [he present mome nt. 

Initially some doubls echoed through 
mv mind . Was this some SOrt of cult? A 
religion a la Southern California? It 
became clear Ihal Ihis was nOt the case. 
RobbInS explained the abilities to do Ihe 
firewalk come not from esotenc mystical 
abllilles. but simply by accessing more 
"resourceful" pans of the mInd, or that 
90% of Ihe bmIn that we USUJlly never 
use. I didn 'l have to dump my religIOUS 
belIefs ,md world view 10 accept that the 
IllInd has lremendous cap,lbIlltleS we 
are on ly now dISCOVl'flllg 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 16 

Future Writers' Series 

Shutdown 
By DAVID JOHNSON 
"T AXI ," HAILED THE MAN from 

the roof of Ihe entenainment 
complex. 

Taff heard the cry and swung the taxi 
over to the roofs edge . The man opened 
the safety gare and swung over the rail 
into the passenger' seat. One-half-mile 
of free fall was below him , bUI Ihe taxi 's 
resrraining field held him close . 

"Where to Mac?" asked Taff, insening 
a gleamIng new Cigar in his mouth. 

"Alpha ErogeniIs IV, Magellenic 
Clouds," th e passenger said , looking our 
a pOint a few centimeters from Taffs 
lIghter The flame stood sile nt for a 
moment, then moved to light thc cIgar. 
"Sure Mac. Magellan IS clear out of the 
friggln ' galaxy. Can you handle the 
dough7" 

The passenger handed over the debIt 
card. Taff placed it on the tmy and the 
green OK light came on. "Looks fine to 
me and the bank. Enjoy Ihe ride ." 

The bright fluorescent car, designed 
to attract customers, eased away from 
the roofs edge and drifted upward . 
Soon, New York was but a bundle of 
microscop ic needles of lIght below 
Ihem. The City lights stretched to the 
limits of Ihe horizon. A few mInutes 
latcr they were in space and nearing the 
drop pOint. 

Taff placed the vehicle into the 
waiting qucue and watched for the 
green light. 

"So what are you headed for Ihe 
douds for, Mac?" Taff asked, tipping Ihe 
long cigar ash into the disposal slot. 

TIRED of LONG UNES & HIGH PRICES 
at the Regent$' Bookstore? 

COME TO GROUNDWORKI 

We carry many Hi.tory & Comm course texts. 

• 6% discount on all books & lower prices on many 
others. 

• Fast lines. 
• 5 weeks to return books. 
• No security guards! 
• And none of your money goes to South Africa! 

on the campus at Urey Lawn - U.C.S.D. 
Mon. April 8 & Tues. April 9 

DON'T MISS THIS EXPERIENCE 
Join us to celebrate the richness and 

excitement of Indian culture! 
ENJOY A FEAST OF INDIAN FOOD! 
- FREE vegetarian food served all day -

" Enjoy a lunchtime concert of Indian music." 
l earn how to use yoga and meditation. 
Discover beaut iful arts and handicrafts. 

See fi lms and exhibits on Indian philosophy. 
discover the secret of vegetar ian cooking. 

A CELEBRATION FOR EVERYONE! 
Sponsored by the San Diego Vedic Society 

for further information call 40-5733 

The man looked up but dId not 
answer. 

"Going to see your girl?" Taff rolled 
Ihe cigar tip to a cone and reinserted it. 

"Wife ," saId Ihe passenger, then 
looked down again. 

'That so! Ain'l never been married 
myself. Too big of a hassle." 

An angry blast from the comlink 
informed hIm that Ihe drop light had 
turned green . Taff hurried to reach Ihe 
point before It turned yellow, Signaling 
that vehicles would be entering normal 
space . He shot by the light. and space 
disappeared , leaVIng behind the empty 
blackness of the void 

"Isn't it a nuisa nce Ihough?" asked 
Taff. 

Monday. Apnl 8. J 985 15 

Future 
Writers 
Wanted 
Contact Christopher 
Canole, Perspectives 
Editor, aL452-6580. 

The home of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

§ 
: ~ ,t(c'[)olta/~m ~ E ('{\ & !lOlL. 

ucso ~ _---~ 
.L-- troAu-.tJT'&f 

IJV'.,O< 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
-------------------~IlI-~II!~ ...... JI mr ALL AMERICANMEAL - "T~ ~ ~ Quarl\' r Pounder " with C heese, La l'Ke Fry, \.!. ~ 

II - M~·dium·SiUc· Soft Drink Cash"",", 1110011 a'nc II 
II Lllnll lln~ ClIUP"1l pcc J $ II II CUSlllm~r. per \'ISII PbS<.· . , US t 1.991• II pre se nt C\lupnn wh~n I I orderIng NOI \'.,lId wllh .In), (p us t ;;lIII ) I 
II Olher "IIer Only at: II 
II 7 140 Mirama r Rd . II t@l ~a~985 Son~ ... @J 

------- ---

THE CLASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0 .0 . 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

Fashion \kIlley Center 
295-0537 

INCLUDeS: 
Contact lenses. 
examination, patient 
training, follow up, 
chemical care kit 
and fitting. 
EXTENDeD WEAR 
LENSES ONLY $265.00 

LOUIS M. TARTAGLIA, 0 .0 . 
UnIVersity Towne Centre 

457-4791 



Firewalker 
< CONTINUED FRO M PAGE 14, 

The scientific disciphne the firelvJlk 
omes out of is a new field called 

Neurolinguistics Programming, or NLP. 
The basic definition, in the words of 
Ted Herzog, a C D graduate who has 
become cenified in NLP, is that, -NLP is 
a powerful model for human 
communication and activity that can 
make deep and lasting changes in an 
i nd i vid ual." 

eurolinguistic programming was 
developed in the 1970s by Drs. John 
Grinder and Richard Bandler, a linguist 
and a Gestalt therapiSt. Part of its focus 
tS on accelerated learning. ThIS can be 
done through "modelling" someone 
whose skIlls and feelings one wants to 
duplicate in oneself. Modellmg is 
empathy put in a specific form, from 
copying a person's body po ture to 
temporarily adopting their belief 
systems. Eyes, which are litemlly -the 
wmdow to the soul ," are especially 
imponant in modelling because they . 
mdicate which part of the bram IS betng 
used . according to the LP model. 

Tony Robbins used modelling to learn 
firewalking from an expert tn the States, 
who had presumably learned the 
ancient art from masters in FIJI and 
HawaII , where firewalking has been 
pmcltlced for ce ntunes. He found that a 
su cessful firewalker had cenatn bchefs 
about the fire, cenatn eye movements 
and body posture to aVOId bemg 
burned. He has also used modeling 
techlllques in helping OlympIC athletes 
win the gOld, 10 tmtnlllg marksmen III 
the US Army and 10 learning blackbelt 
karate techmques in several hours 

Participants of the Firewalk semlll.tr 
got a chance to learn and apply th ese 
NLP skills, sillce the Firewalk was only 
the first part of a four.da), seminar 

called the MlIld·Revolutlon, which was 
like an accelerated course in apphed 
psychology, costing $470, whereas the 
Firewalk (if done separately) was $125. 
In the Mind Revolution, we learned 
about how to feel empathy with 
someone through modelling. We learned 
how to communicate in specifics mther 
than generalities and how to "convert 
resistance mto assistance" through 
understanding a person's feelings and 
background and integmting them withl 
our own. In all, we spent a lot of time 
dancing, hugging, learning and singing. 
Monday evening we learned about the 
connection between diet and high 
energy. 

Ordinanly, I would be skeptical about 
many of the claims about belief and the 
power of the subconscIOus, but the fact I 
can't get out of my mind is that I did 
what I would have ordinarily considered 
Impossible , at least for me. In a couple 
hours, I had modelled successful 
firewalking from Tony Robbills and all 
those who walked before me. 

I'm not exactly sure how it worked . I 
ran through a few possible explanations. 
Were the coals fake? Hardly. I watched 
them make the fire and had to stay back 
from the heat of the coals at first. 

Was 11 all mass hypnosis and never 
reall> happened? I doubt It . since the 
firewalk has been seen b}' millions of 
viewer!> who h,IVc seen Robbills and his 
students walk the fire on the Merv 
Gnfflll show. 

Was my foot not in contact With the 
heat long enough to burn? That couldn't 
be , since I've been burned before from 
Just momentarily touching a hot pan 
not an),where close to 1200 degrees Yet 
I had walked at a normal confident pace 
and had seen mosl everyone else go 
slllwly 

Services for 

GAY, LESBIAN & BISEXUAL 
Students 

~----------SUPPORT GROUPS-, ----------~ 
These are on-gOing, weekly, confidential support groups ~or srudents 
questioning their sexuality, as well as those who Identify as 
gay/ bisexual. Students can call Dr. Steve Brady at452-3755 for more 
information aboUl which group is most appropnate or they can Just 
come to group. 

Men-Women's Gay/Bisexual Discussion Group 
Thursdays, 4:00-5 :30 pm, HL 1003 

Lesbian/ Bisexual Support Group 
Tuesdays, 4.30-6:00 pm, Women's Resource Center 

Gay/ Bisexual Men's Counseling Group 
Tuesdays, 1:00-2:30 pm , HL 1003 

Peer-led Gay/ Bisexual Men's SUppOl1 Group 
Fridays, J00-4:30 pm, HL 1003 

~-------------HELPLINE--------------' 
Provides confidential phone counseling 

for those exploring their sexualIty and need to talk. 
452.GAYS Monday-Wednesday 8-10 pm 

,...---ONE-ON-ONE PEER COUNSELlNG-----, 
Gay and lesbian peer counselors are availa~le 

for one-on-one peer counseli ng with students who Identify as 
being gay or lesbian , or who are exploring (heir sexuality. 

For more information on any of these services 
call Dr. Steve Brady at 452-3755 

Sponsored by Psychological & Counseling Services and lAGO. 

Was there , as some scientists 
specula te , a vapor lock from the sweat 
under my feet? Perhaps, but I think the 
biggest clue to me as to how it worked 
hes 10 my cheap Casio electronic watch, 

After I came back in to the seminar 
room after the walk, I noticed that the 
digits on my watch had gone blank, as 
they would if I held a large magnet up 
to it. Then it all made sense. My body 
was the magnet. I've known for years 
that organisms operate on electro-
chemical force and that there is some 
form of energy field that surrounds the 
body. Apparemly, my body changed its 
energy field while I was in the metal 
state required for firewalking. The power 
of belief had been sufficiem to 
completely energize my body and 
protect my feet from harm. 

And my feet were indeed 
unharmed-as pink and soft as a 
baby's. However, a few people that I 
came to know th rough the seminar 
experienced a blister or rwo which 
surfaced hours or days after the event. 
Robbins explained that this happens on 
average to 2% of the seminar 
participants, perhaps because 
individuals subconsciously need to 
convince themselves that they mdeed 
did walk on fire. In any case, those 
people with blisters were taught an 
acupressure technique which made the ' 
burns go away in an hour. 

Ted Herzog had no bums either, even 
though he once walked a 4O-foot bed of 
mesquite embers Sizzling away at 2000 
degrees. He became well·known on 
UCSD laSt quarter for showing a video 
on ftrewalk , and tells of his experience: 

"It'll :30 pm and I'm about ready to 
walk across coals. It doesn 't matter thai 
30 people have gone ahead of me. It 
doesn't matter that Tony Robbins has 
done It time and time again. It doesn't 
matter that I've gone through hours of 
seminar, learnlllg to get into my most 
resourceful state . I'm scared. 

"But then I take my fear and turn it 

into power. BOIh my consc Ious and 
unconscious states are enabled , allowing 
me to go beyond my limitations to 
'break through to the other side.'" 

Ted was deeply affected by the whole 
experience, and asks, -I wonder if this 
seminar will have the same effects on 
others that it 's had on me. I have now 
started my own business. I've started 
gell ing in shape and am starting to tmin 
for a triathalon now. I have conquered 
my fear of being in front of a large 
group of people and being powerful and 
outmgeous in fro nt of them. I have an 
increased sense of power that has 
resulted in me accomplishing those 
goals and dreams I've had for myself all 
my life-now. I have a completely 
altered sense of my ability to make a 
di fference in this world. I feel better 
about myself daily and I want to give 
that power to other people." 

I talked to another UCSD student, 
Scott Norman, who said , "The firewalk 
was a great example of how the mind 
has the potential to change and create 
power where there once was fear. I now 
feel I can go for it 100%." 

And Karl Herzog of UCSD felt the 
most powerful thing about the seminar 
was wiping OUt negative ideas that held 
him back, leaving him more optiOns 
open to explore. Although he hasn 't 
begun any new businesses, he feels a 
new commitment in those things he is 
involved with now, saying, "The most 
powerful thing lor me was knowing that 
10 spue of all the ideas I had that would 
tell ne I couldn't do it, I walked on fire 
<lnd can do a lot of OIher things I want." 

As I reflect back on the Mind 
Revolution and especially the Firewalk, 
I'm reminded of the energy of the 
people there. I saw people-and 
myself-filled with a new sense of 
power in the way they smiled, in the 
was they hugged each other and 10 the 
way they carried themselves. I was a 
different person from when I came 
in. ~ 

ITS MY WEEKEND. 
COME DO IT 

WITH ME! 

COME CELEBRATE OUR NAMESAKE'S BIRTHDAY, 
THE PARIT BEGINS THURSDAY. APRIL 11 

AND FINISHES MONDAY, APRllI5. 

YOU'RE INVITED TO: 
EARL PlAYS GAMES, a gameboard night with your favorite games in the Warren 
Apartment Commons on Thursday. April 11 from 6 pm on to ? 
EARl.'S EVENING, our big, Big, Big, BIG BIRTHDAY party at the Warren 
Apartment Commons on Friday,Aprill2.Join us for a B· B-Q (use your meal card or 
pay $2.00 , a paltry <;u m mdeed for chicken , corn·on-the-cob, salads, beans, and a 
drink). FREE ice cream and cake. Clowns, music by The Eleventh Hour and by 
Tony Torres, pnzes, dancing, and a cast of thousands. Prizes for commuters. 
residents, and Warren faculry/ staff. Dlilner served from 4:30 pmto 6:30 (Warren 
Cafeteria will be closed). Entertalilment begins at 6 and the dmwlIlgs at 7:00 (you 
mUSl be there to WlIl) First 50 commuters eat free of charge. 
EARL GOES TO THE PARKA mp to Balboa Park. Tourthe park onSallirday, April 
13 from lO·4 . See museums, the zoo, and enjoy a pi mc (remember to brln~ your 
own lunch , we'll ~upply free Coca-Cola). Free rides for first 20. All participants 
meet 1Il front of Warren Provost'S Office at 9:30 (late arrivals see map on the 
Provost's Office door). 
On Apnl14 EARL GOES TO THE MOVIES. See On the Waterjront and To Kill a 
Mocl!l tlgblrd \n the Warren Apartment Commons. Also IIlcluded will be the San 
Diego Padres 198+ Hlghhghts film. Free. Sunday, 6·10.30. 
Fi nally, on Monday, Apnl 15, EARL GOES TO THE BALLGAME. Yes, the first 
home game for the National League ChampIOn San Otego Padres. Includes a 
tailgate party before the game, begins 5:00 1Il parklllg section D-I at the StadIUm. 
These activities arc sponsored by the Warren Resident Dean:s Office and the 
Warren RAs , Warren Student AClivltles Office, Warren Dean s Office, Warre~ 
College Student Government , Warren College Commuter .Intern , Warren ProVOSt s 
om e, and the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of San Diego wht h IS provldlllg 
FREE Coca-Cob for all the events. ~" ....... ~ •• , (;+ For more mformation call the Warren Student Activities Office at 452-6171. 

Monday, Apnl 8, 1985 17 
~ 

_,0._ .,."._w;@ :Ii 

Shutdown 
I CONTINUED FROM PAGE 15\ 

"What?" said the man, looking away 
from the lonely pinpoint of light that 
was the drop pOint. 

"I mean your marriage. What about all 
those legal obligations and such. Not 
putting the lady down, that is." 

"No." 
"What model is she?" asked Taff, his 

eyes and cigar tip glinting against the 
void . 

"She's human." 
"No shit! How come?" 
"Allergy." 
"What's an allergy? Can't power a 

Body or something?" 
"Something like that. Neurons won't 

accept it." 
"That's a damn shame." Taff dropped 

the butt into the disposal slot. "Why this 
body here's been around for a good five 
centuries. It's outdated though, so maybe 
I'll get a new one soon. Not one of those 
godawful silver things, though." 

Taff half.way expected the passenger 
to say something, but when he didn't, 
he settled down in the seat and kept 
quiet too. 

When a man takes a taxi to go 500 
parsecs, instead of a liner, he probably 
wants to be alone. Taff respected that 
loneliness, so he kept quiet . 

The outside of the taxi was empty, 
except for the pinpoint of the E17 drop 
point. In a moment, E17 flared up like a 
bonfire, then disappeared behind the 
taxi. Black. Everywhere it was black. So 
black that it made the eyes want to see 
something desperately. 

Three cigars later, Tafrs curiosity 
about the man was bUilding to a head. 

"Won 't your wife get old eventually?" 
he asked when the fourth was smoked. 

The passenger sat up stmight, "She is 
now," 

"Can't they give her a bio-body, or 
boosters, or something?" 

"Allergic." 
"She can't be allergic to everything. 

Not to the entire universe . There's gOt to 
be something to keep the lady up. I 
mean if she's good enough for someone 
like you to marry, then she's got to be 
good enough to keep around , dammit." 
Taff spit into the slot on top of the 
ashes. 

'·Right." 
"She's goin' to die eventua lly?" 
"Right." 
"I was in love once," Taff said , 

starting in on a new cIgar. "It wasn't one 
of those one or two year affairs. It lasted 
a good 20 years. It was fine , damn fine. 
She was my whole life. She left me, but 
I'll always remember her. It hurt too 
much when she left. Lill was a fine 
woman. I sort of know how you feel. I 
never got serious with anyone after that. 
Why make sex into something it ain't? 
All it is, after all, is electrical stimulation. 
My gi rl and I had more than sex." 

Taff bit off the tip of a cigar, spit it 
out and lit the remainder. "We're almost 
there now, Mac. What's the address?" 

-The only planet in the system. The 
only hospital in the only city." The 
passe nger laid back and closed his eyes. 

Taff exited Alpha Erogeniis' drop 
point and viewed the planet. It was 
small and red, like Mars used to be 
before they opened it up for mining. In 
the middle of a dusky continent, the 
lights of an incredibly small city 
glimmered faintly. 

Taff made a straight line for it. 
The hospital was the first one that 

Taff had ever seen. It was fia t and 
sqaure, with peeling white paint. It 
must have been several centuries old. It 
was in contmst to the bright, silvery 
buildings around it. The city, although 
only 16 stories high at the most, was 
very modem . Holographic displays of 
entertainment filled the rooftops. 

The hospital stood OUI like an animal 
in a crowd. _ 

"We're here Mac," Taff said, finishing 
his cigar. 

"Will you stay until I'm done?" 
"Sure Mac , anything you say." 
The man entered the wooden door of 

the building and disappeared . Taff sat 
on the roof of the purple and pi nk cab 
and waited. Once he thought he saw a 
human walking down the street, but he 
wasn't sure . They were very rare . 
Trillions of Bodies, but only a few 
thousand humans. 

That wife ought to be special. Like Lill 
was, Taff thought. Lill was very special. 
Even when she left Taff for that golden 
bodied man, she was still special. He 
missed her. 

Looking around -he noticed how 
alike everybody was. They were all just 
plastiC, metal, electronics and a little 
nerve fiber. 

The man came out of the hospital a 
while later. His head was upright, but 
sunken down about three centimeters. 
His eyes were silent. He shuffled down 
the worn marble steps and to the cab. 
He got in. 

"Where to now, Mac?" 
The man didn't say a word , but 

waved his arm in a casual manner to 
mean nowhere in particular. 

How about a nice place to relax?" Taff 
did not light up a cigar. 

The man nodded slowly. 
"Ever been to Dyson liP I was there 

once several years ago. Nice and quiet. 
Nobody around to talk to or have to 
hsren to. Great to get away. How 'bout 
it7" 

Agam the man nodded . 
"Okay then. Should be there in about 

five or six minutes ." 
You couldn't see a Dyson sphere from 

the outside. It was a ball the mdius of 
Earth's orbit. The sphere surrounded the 
centml star and blocked a!llight from 
escaping. You knew it was there by the 

THE PIRG 
FIGHT UNFAIR FUNDING 

way it occluded the starlight behind it. 
Dull and invisible on the outside, but 
hollow and much different on the 
inside. 

Taff entered the sphere through one 
of several thousand-kilometers·wide 
apertures. He drove another seveml 
thousand kilometers and set the cab 
down. The sky, the ground and 
everywhere in berween was one vast 
green dome. To his perception , it was 
as immense as the void The sun hung 
like a jewel from the top of the dome. 

"One of the seven wonders of the 
universe," Taff said . 

-The man said nothing, but stepped 
out of the cab. Taff took out a cigar. 

"Make sure you keep your locator on 
Mac. There's no one around for 
thousands of kilometers. Billions of 
kilometers. Well, almost billions. You 
could get lost just as easy, though. 
Lonely place, but nice. Shall I wait 
around?" He now lit the cigar. 

The man turned away from the cab 
and slowly walked away. 

"Are you going to be okay?" Taff 
asked. "In this sphere you could lose 
sight of the cab. Then you'd never get 
back. Keep your locator on, it's the 
regulation in this place." 

The man kept on walking to the 
horizon, an infiniry away. Soon he was 
but a speck on the landscape. Taff 
waited until he was lost among the 
mirage of immense distance. 

"Hey Mac!" Taff yelled. He heard no 
sound . 

"She must have been a friggin ' nice 
human. Friggin' nice lady." Taff dropped 
the still long cigar to the ground and 
crushed it with his tectronic foot. An 
anonymous insectoid scurried away. He 
turned and entered the taxi. Reaching 
around to the passenger seat, he 
grabbed the man's locator and placed it 
next to himself and the package of 
cigars. Then he headed 10 a place a 
long ways away. ~ 

• CALPIRG USES STUDENT FUNDS TO PUSH PARTISAN ISSUES 
THAT DON'T HAVE STUDENT SUPPORT. 
• ONLY 3% OF FUNDS STAY ON THE HOME CAMPUS-THE REST 
GOES TO THE STATE BOARD. 
• CLAIMING TO BE A STUDENT ORGANIZATION, PIRGS HAVE 
PERMANENT, PAID, PROFESSIONAL STAFFS. 
• THE PROPOSED REFERENDUM IS AN ATTEMPT TO DECEIVE 
STUDENTS. 

"Programs that tie colleges and universities to even the most meritorious 
political issues only politicize the campus, taking tJWay Its free forum, 
substituting answers for questions and corrupting the spirit of 
untrammeled inquiry." 

- Donald R. Rulchle, Professor of History at Kean College 

FREE UCSD FROM POLmCS AND DECEPTIONI 
WHY SHOULD C8IPIRG RECEIVE SPECIAL TREATMENT? 

VOTE NO ON REFERENDUM #6 
TUES. & WED., APRIL 9 & 10 

5 red Committee A alnat Unfair Fundi (AUF 



18 Monday. Apnl 8. 1985 

Organizational 
MONDAY 
1100 pm - The Pre-Dental Club together 
with the Career Services Center will host a 
speaker from the UCSF School of Dentistry. 
Mr. Jim Zepeda will speak and answer 
questions about the school and admissions. 
In the Career Services Center above Assorted 
\Iinyl. 
TUESDAY 
51M pm - Israel Action Committee 
Meaing. For more info call Micah at 587-
0942. In the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7100 pm - Internship Information Night. 
Come to find out what cbng an internship is 
all about I Get answers to your questionsl 
Sponsored by ASIO. Tuesday 4/ 9 at 7 pm, 
above the game room in the Student Center. 
call 452-4689 for more info. 
7:10 pm - Surf Club Meeting. Nsy\ 
Contest at Huntington Seach Will be 
discussed along w ith the UCSD Spring 
Classic on May II and the Sun God Festival. In 
USB 30508. 
WEDNESDAY 
1:00 pm - Attention: All American Indian 
Students. Come to the AISC meeting this 
afternoon. Your attendence and ideas are 
appreciated. A ll interested please come and 
find out about all our future spring activities. 
In the YV\C Lounge. 
4:00 pm - The Asian Pacific Student 
Alliance /APSA) is holding a General Meeting 
on Wednesday, April 10, at 4 pm in TLH 109. 
All are "Ielcome. The meeting w ill foClJS on 
Asian Awareness Week scheduled for the 
6th week of this quarter. Come have a sayl. 
6:00 pm - The student-run radio station, 
KSDT, will hold an orientatIOn session for all 
interested in working at the station. In 
KSDTs lobby. 
TliURSDAY 
2:10-4:JO pm - Don't miss the Golden 
Opportunity of your college career to gain 
health promotIOn experience. Train to be a 
Student Health Advocate. Training begins 
Thursday, April II from 2:3(}-4 :30. Call 452-
2419 for more info 4>stairs, In Student 
Health ServiCes. 
):00-4:00 pm - Biomedical Engineering 
Society Meeting to dlSClJSS field trip. For 
further information contact Ouan Dlnh at 
279-7482. In the Revelle Informal Lounge. 

Recreation 
WEDNESDAY 
':00 pm - 20th Century Performer-fTheJ 
Harkins and Larson, features multi-zonal 
exploratIOns Into sound and space. In 
Mandeville AuditOriUm. General Admission. 
H OO; Students and Senior Citizens: H OD. 
THURSDAY 
5:IN:JO pm - Language Tables: Come 
and practice your French, Spanish or German 
over dinner. All interested students -
espeaally native speakers are most cordially 
invited. Dinner on meal C<l'd or cash bas is. 
Native speakers can have meals provided-
call 455-0157 for Info. In the South Dining 
Hall of t he Revelle Cafeteria. 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
9JOO.I:OO pm - Hurryl Find out now 
everything you need to know about doing an 
Internship thiS summer I We offer internships 
in many fields. Let us help you fi nd one that is 
Just right for you I For more info stop by our 
office above the game room in the Student 
Center, or call 452-4689. We're open 9-3 , 
daily. / 

MONDAY 
12100-1 rOO pm - Let Go of Stress and 
Relax-For all UCSO students, this group is 
designed to teach methods of relaxing and 
dealing with stress which can be used for a 
lifetime. Techniques w ill indude breathing 
exercises, b iofeedback, progressive 
relaxation, autogenic training, guided 
imagery, meditation, self-hypnosis, and time-
management. Meets each week this quarter. 
Students may attend all sessions, or drop in to 
any one of them as convenient. Led by 
Maynard Brusman. Meets at 1003 H-L 
TUESDAY 
':15-9:45 - Graduate Women in 
Humanities-This is a weekly support group 
for graduate women students in the 
Humanities concerned w ith personal. 
professional, and academIC issues. led by 
Miriam 10supovM. In HL 1003. 
12:00-1:00 pm - Spring has sprung and 
the Time is now, To learn the facts on birth 
contrOl ... when. 1IIIho, and how. So come on 
up and bring a lunch, Or you might wind up 
with a "Brady Bunch". ~Stalrs at the 
Student Health Center. 
11OO-2:JO pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group- This is an on-going 
con f i dent i a l su ppo r t group for 
undergraduate men questioning their 
sexuality, as well as those who identify as 
gay/bisexual. Meets weekly. Students can 
call leader, Steve Bracly, at 452-3755, for 
more Info, or they can just come to the group. 
In 1003 HL 
41OO-5:JO pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders (RED II). This level is designed for 
students who have already w orked on eating 
disorders and are currently in the process of 
gMng up the serious eating problem. Focus 
will be on other areas of IMng while offering 
support through this transitional time. Led by 
Lindsey Stroben and Peer Counselor. In HL 
1003. 
4:10 pm - Lesbian and Bisexual Wo men's 
Support Group. Or if you can't make our 
group, please feel free to drop by or call any 
time for info, support or just conversation. In 
the Women 's Resource Center. 
WEDNESDAY 

9:0~ 1 0110 .". - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders (RED III)- Personal Growth will be 
the focus for partiopants of this group. It is 
designed for women IIIIho have overcome 
anorexic o r bulemic patterns. Journal 
w iting, psychological testing and feedback, 
and relaxation and imagery work w ill be 
used. Led by Bev Harju and Maynard 
Brusman . In the Warren Provost 's 
Conference Room. 

v\../JVVC 

/~'""' 
, 

o' 

.. \ • I I '; \ 
fIOO.l0aJ0 ... - General Ther~ Group 
for Older Students (22 + years). Focus will be 
on the interpersonal concems of the group 
members. Led by Jom AndreY.IS and Lourdes 
Perez. In HL IOD3. 
914)O.10aJ0 _ - Combatting Depression: 
The Use of New Games a1d ActMties to 
Spice 4> Your Life. This continues a series of 
IM>rkshops began last Februay, desig1ed to 
help students combat depression and stress 
through such actMties as dance, jogging. 
psychodrama, game playing, time 
management and attitude enhancemenl 
Students may attend as few or as many of the 
workshops as t~ wish. Students are asked 
to vvear toosl"'fitting dothes that alloIN one 
to move with comfort. Steve Brady, Maynard 
Brusman, Bev Hadu, and Temille Porter, 
leaders. This group meets weekly in the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 
12:00.1:00 pm - What two things do Pat 
Benatar, David Bowie, and Bronsky Seat all 
have in common? They all learned thf~ facts 
about birth control at the Student Health 
Center and their last names begin with B. So 
come check us out, even if your last name 
doesn't begin with B, and get the facts. 
Second Floor of the Student Health Center. 

2:O~J:JO pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders (RED I). This first-stage group is ~r 
students who are beginning to identify that 
they have an eating disorder a1d want to 
IM>rk on it. The central purpose will be to 
gradually eliminate addicatlve behaviors, and 
the relationships of feelings in this 
binge/ purge cycle will be explored. Led by 
M iriam losupovio. Meets at HL 1003. 
IIIG-4:JO pm - Headache Management 
Group- This is a group for students who are 
chronIC headache sufferers. Partidpants Will 
learn stress reductIon techniques, as well as 
other headache treatment procedures. 
Interested students should call Penny 
McClellan, at 452-3035 for more Information 
about signing up. 

4¢0~5:JO pm - Campus Black Forum- A 
weekly, informal dlsClJssion group on the 
issues, concerns, and the quality of life of the 
Black community at UCSD. This IS an on-
going group and students can join at any 
time. Call leader Phil Raphael at 452- 3035 if 
you have any questIOns; otherwtse the can 
just come to the group. Meets in the 
Mountain View Lounge in Third College. 
41JO pm - Feminist DiSClJssion Group. 
Please join us in the Women's Resource 

.. 

" . 

. 

F '. 

\ 
Cente-~W~at4:30. Orrormor~ 
in~/support of just some nice conversation 
alII us at x2023 br crop in at the Women's 
Resource Center next 10 the Food Coop. 

1HURSDAY 
JIOCH&IO pili - Overcoming CO/IllUIsM! 
Eating-Are you tired of ~ you're sorry 
after you OIIereat? Tired of ~ing ~iIty? 
Then join this new group ~r those who ~ 
out of CDntro/ with their eating. ~ a 

~ environment g-oup participants 
will lean ways 10 eliminate IDrrpulsil/r 
eating. The tx:us will be on chariging 
beha!iors, ttDughts and beliefs which 
perpetUate this CDrIlJUIsion, and i"1l"oWtg 

self~teern arid self-image. This g-oup is not 
open to those who experienc~ a 
binge/purge tycle Of who greatly restria 
their ciet. Ternille Porter, 452-3035 and 
Denise Zimmermarl, 452-3755. leaders. Call 
one of the leaders for more details and to see 
if the group will meet your needs. ~ 1003 Hl. 
4 .... 5100 pm - Gay,lBisexual Men arJd 
Women Lkiderg-aduate Students-If you 
need support a1d/or want 10 talk about 
sexuality IDncems, come 10 a1 in~rmaI rap 
group ror women and men students led ~ 
Peer Counselors who heM! been there. For 
more information contact the leaders at 452-
4297 or 452-3755. or, drop in the first group. 
Led ~ Denise N:mon and Kevin Ward. In 
1003 HL 
FRIDAY 
1:e.21JO pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders (RED II). ThIs level is desigrled for 
students who have already worked on eating 
disorders and are currently In the process of 
giving up the serious eating problem. Forus 
will be on other areas of IMng while offering 
support through this transitional time. Led ~ 
Bev Ha~u and Denise Zimmerman. In Warren 
PrOllOSt'S Conference Room. 

1~41JO pm - Peer-led Gay/Bisexual 
Men's Support Group. Peer counselors lead 
this wee!< Iy drop-in support group. It is ror 
male students who identify as being gay or 
bisexual, as vvefl as for those IIIIho are 
exploring their sexuality. A great opportunity 
to talk with other students sharing similar 
concerns. New tnellibel s can join at any time. 
Students who heM! questions about the 
group call carlo~ Nelson or Demetrius 
Delacruz, peer counselors, at 452-4297; 
otherwise, thty can Just crop-in lor the 
group. In HL 1003 

~VV 

I.. .... ..... Drop-In Hours. For 
~ pertaining 10 career pIar1ning. job 
hunting. resume' critiquing. etc. 
Appoilblltt its ~ also be ~ in the 
I'IDn'Wlg ~ calling career SeMces Center at 
452-3750. AI: HL Ib)m 1058. 
IIONIMY 

- GraciJate Sd1ooI~/MBA NMsing. 
PIinling on a GraWatr. Law or MBA degree 
progr.wn aftrr UCSD1 Hefp with admission 
and . application qu~tions today by 

~Ib"t"t only. Call career SeMces 
Center at 452-4939 for IYiIlre detailed 
hformarion. ~ the SIudent Cmtrr Bldg. A 

- ~ested in the I-ralth ProIIessions1 
AIMsing ~lblltl1ts a/ailable for ~ 
planning and pre-profesional sdlool 
preparation. Call Career SeMcrs Center at 
452-4939 in advancr for art ~Iblltiit. 
but no earler than one week. ~ the Student 
Center Bldg. A 
............ - Mode JnteMew, Seeing 
a1d hearing)QJfSelf on ~ GIn ~ 
put the finishing tcudIes on Interviewing 
skills. Prerequisite: Interviewing Sleills 
\MlrIcshop. Call ~ Servicrs Cerur at 
452-3750 10 malce a1 ~lblltl1t In HL 
1058. 
n"RMY 
...... 2100 .... - How To snq. Math 
and Science-Spending hours working 
probIeilb 1 fftI iI1Xious about what you 
know1 Leim how 10 learn diemistJy or pre-
calcukJs math ttTougl data-synthesizing 
strattgies that tak~ aruciay, boredom, and 
confusion out ~ }'OUt courses. Bring your 
course materials a1d _ your courses in a 
whole new ~I Sponsored ~ the Qo\SIS 

~ading and srua,. Skills Center. In G'\SIS 
ThIrd Place. 
II,. _ - Ol-campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are Interested in 
partidpating in the Career Services Cente-'s 
on-campus inteviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatory that you attend one 
~ these IIIIOI'kstops bebre you interview. In 
the Revelle ln~rmaI Lounge. 
II,. _ - Electronic Data Systems will be 
on ~ 10 (jve a presentation about their 
corJl>a1Y. They will also be here to interview 
01'1 i\prll 23 & 24 for students with ANY 
MAJOR hiMng tr9 units ~ CDITlXJter 
programming. Arrj students interested 
should attend. Sponsored ~ Career Services 
Center. ~ the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
12.0.1M1 .... - \M1at GIO you 00 with 
45 mhJtes1..bin us for a lEQCniquel TALK 
a1d get a new ~ ID make)'CUr ~ 
taster and 1YiIlre~. T~, llie Cornell 

~ for NotetaIcing will be the topic. 
P\'eented ~ the ~S ~ading. and snq. 
Skills Center. To sigl UP. call 452-2284. At 
USB 4010. 

( 
2dO-41OO .... - Interested in Medidne or 
Dentistry1 Drop-in acMsing in open sessions. 
In the career SeMces Center at the Student 
Center 8uHdIng A. 
.... .... - The Marketable Resu~ 
\IIA?rIcshop. Learn how 10 construct a state-
ot-the-art ~ that will malce you stand 
out from the crowd. in this ~ revised 
worIcshop. Sponsored ~ Car~r Services 
Cente-. ~ the Revelle InbrmaI lDunge. 

MCHtJO ..... - Summer Work Abroad 
Info SessIon: It's not 100 late to plan to go 
abroad this summer. ~ learn about your 
options. In the Inte-national Center Lounge. 
__ DAY 

- GraciJate SctlooI/L1w/MBA ..-.avising. 
PIartning on a GraciJate. Law or MBA degree 
program aftrr UCS01 Help with admission 
and application qu~stions today by 
appointmellt only. Call Career Services 
Center at 452-4939 ~r more detailed 
Inlbnnatlon. In the Student Center Bldg. A. 
..... ,100_ -Interested in Medidneor 
Dentistry1 Drop-in adIIIsing in open sessions. 
Sponsored by the Career Services Center. In 
the Career Services Center at Student Center 
Bldg. A. 
10100 _ - Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do you need help in preparing for job 
interviews1 Career Services Center will 
provide tips on the best ways to present you 
(JJaIifications and what kind of interlvew 
questions to expect. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
11100-11145 ... - What can you do with 
45 minutes? Join us lor a TECH(niqu~) TALK 
and get a new wifj to make your stuc¥ing 
faster artd more effective. Today, The TIme 
Finder will help you find more hours. 
Presented ~ the OASIS ~ading and Stucly 
Skills Center. To sign up, call 452-2284. At 
USB 4010. 
12100 pm - Prl"'Medical Students-A 
representative from the Autonomous 
I..hl/mity of Guadalajara SctlooI of Medidne 
will (jve a presentation and anslM!r 
questions. In the Career Services Center, 
Student Center Building A 
Jill .100 pili - Lecture I\Dtaaking-An 
-at"}! BA/BS program will ind..a over 
1.000 hours of leaure timel \1,111 you get the 
most out ~ trose hours 1 This workshop will 

~ your listening ability, develop your 
noteraking skills. and introduce the 
extraordinary mastery learning system-a 
WiI)' to ~ your recall as it cuts down on 

st~ boredom. Sponsored by the OASIS 
Reading a1d St~ Skills Center. In the 
Studenr Center Bldg, B, Conference ROQrr •. 
4100-7100 pm - GRE Prep Course-This 
prep course for the Graooate Record Exam 
provides a complete practice exam for the 
aptitiude test. as well as strategies for scoring 
well on the verbal, analytical reasoning, and 
math sections. Information about app~ to 
and getting accepted by graduate schools, 
plus stress reduction techniques will also be 
presented. Sponsored by the OASIS Center 
a1d Career Planning and Placement. In USB 
3050. 
- Interested in the I-ralth Professions? 

Advising appointments available for career 
planning and pre-professional school 
preparation. call Career Services Center at 
452-4939 in advance for an appointment, 
but no earlier than one week. In the Student 
Center Bldg. A. 
THURSDAY 
IrJO.JIOO pm - Graduate School/-
Law/MBA Advising. PlannIng on a Graduate, 
Law or MBA degree program after UCSD? 
Help . with admissions and application 
questIOns please drop in today. In the 
Student Center Bldg. A 
2:00 pm - Your SkillS-Your Career. This 
career services workshop helps you identify 
and articulate your skills and relate them to 
particular careers. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
JIOO pm - Ol-campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
partidpating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus inteviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatory that you attend one 
of these workshops before you interview. In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

7 .... Il00 pm - Do you have a reaction to 
chemistry reactions 77 In an hour you can get 
a whole new wiJf to balance the workl 
Attend the new evening TECH(nique) TAU< 
on How to St~ Chemistry. Sponsored by 
the G'\SIS Reading a1d Stua,. Skills Center 
arJd Revelle Educational Programming. In the 
DiScovery Hall Lounge. 
.... DAY 
10100 _ - The Marketable Resu~ 
Workshop. Learn how to construct a state-
of-tile-art resumt' that will make you stand 
out from the crowd, in this new~ revised 
workshop. Sponsored ~ career Services 
Center. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

Religious 
MONDAY-f'R1DAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lhlversity lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
71»9100 pm -Asian-American Christian 
FellolNShip-Tonight, our guest speaker 
Allen will discuss the significance of Easter 
with us. Everyone is welcome to join us. 
Singing begins at 7:15 pm. In the North 
Conference Room of the Student Center 
Building B. 
WBJNISDAY 
6100 pm - Student Supper hosted by the 
Lutherans at UCSD. Open 10 all. In the 
Lkllversity lutheran Church, Just west of 
Revelle College. 
7100 pm - "The Gospel of JoITt" is the 
Bible stucly topic led by Lutheran graduate 
students, and open to everyone. In the 
Lounge of the university Lutheran Church. 
8100 pm - Film, "Parable," depicts .Jesus as 
a clown in a modern parable of his message. 
Optional discussion follows led by luthera1 
cafTl)Us Pastor John Huber. In the Chapel of 
the Uliversity Lutheran Church. 
10:00 pm - candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
~ the catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Chapel of the Lkllversity Lutheran Church. 
lHURSDAY 
1145 pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great cof1llal1Y. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. S2.oo 
donation. In the Catholic Lounge at the 
Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
7:»9100 pm - Ulited campus Ministry. 
Sponsored weekly Bible Studies. Take a 
moment ror some Christian reflection a1d 
rellowship. All are welcome, ~ topic, 
open discussion. R~freshments follow. In the 
Student Center Building 8. South Conference 
1bJrn. 
SATWmAY 
SlOG pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lkllversity Lutheran Church Chapel. 
SUNDAY 
8100. 911 I. • IhOO .,. - Episcopal 
Church Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist 
and Parish re/lolNShip. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 
Across Genesee from east end of carTl>us, 
north of La Jolla Village Dr. Intersection of 
Genesee. 
8IJO _ - catholic Mass, sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the Chapel 
of the Uliversity Lutheran Church. 
10:00 _ • 7:00 pm - Luthera1 worship 
service with guest speaker, Chaplain Herb 
"'brecht, Ph.D., on the topic. "I, Thomas, the 
Empiridst." In the Chapel of the Lkliversity 
Lutheran Church. 
1..0 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the catholic Community at UCSO. LoIM!!' 
Level Conference Room of the Student 
Center Building B. 
11115 _ - "The Shroud of Turin: An 
~e for the Skeptics, " presented ~ David 
Doll, engineer in fusion research at GA. 
TectlnoIogies. Open to all. In the lounge of 
the Uliversity lutheran Church. 
1100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lkliverstiy Lutheran Church. 
•• 1 pm - Episcopal Church Worship 
Service: Folk Mass. In the Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. 

c 
--.. ..... --

-



20 Monday, Apnl 8, 1985 

Tennis tunes up Jor the NCAA Tournament 

Twisting the strings tighter 
By MATI ADAMS 
"T HI UCSD TEAM IS better 

than last year·s. They have so 
man)' returning players. Their 

e"perience and depth make them so 
tough. We lost to them earlier In the 
season (7-2). I thought we had 
improved since then, but so have [hey I 
didn't think we could Win , but I thought 
we could come closer than our first 
meenng. We have especially been 
working on our doubles, but it didn't do 
us m uc h good . They still cobbered us," 
satd Konrad Rasmussen , an exasperated 
and defeated Occidental women's tennis 
coach. 

Occidental was the latest victl m of a 

Bngid Rea (above) has learned success-
fully Wilh Melly Sam thus Jar thiS season, 
while JeSSIca Vernon has moved up to I he 
# 1 smgles pOSitIOn. 
______________________ ~n 

confluent UC D women's tenms team 
that IS now tuning up for the 1'\CAA 
Toumamt'nt. This past wt'ckend the 
Tnrons played matches agains t Pomona-
Pitzer and OCCIdental. the #2- and #3-
ranked teams in the Western Region 
(behind UCSD). either match was 
close as UCSD prevailed in both, 8-1. 

On Friday, Pomona-sporting a 15-3 
record-came to LaJoHa hoping for an 
upset. Pomona coach Kelly Henry said. 
"We have Improved a great deal since 
out first meeting With UCSD (an 8-0 
UC D VICtory). We felt we had a chance 
to. If nO! Win . playa more representative 
match ." Coach Henry had a 
disappointing afte rnoon , as Pomona 
could manage only one victory, a 7-5, 6-
7, 6-4 Win in #3 doubles. The Tritons 
swept the singles. Melly Sani and lisa 
Gilben were pushed to a grueling, three-
set, five-hour mat h. 

Conslderi ng the Sagehens were the 
.lf2-ranked team in the Western Region , 
UCSD coach liz La Plante had to be 
very pleased. -Pomona is probably going 
to ationals and IS the second best 
team in the West. This victory helps us 
prepare both mentally and phYSically for 
the kind of competition we will see at 

atlonals." 
On Saturday. OCCIdental . which has 

been r.lted as high as fifth In the nation, 
viSited UCSD. A small hut loyal crowd 
endured a cold and Windy aftemoon to 
see a strong 8-1 UCSD victory. Oxy 
coach Rasmussen has been faced with a 
rebuilding year His squad features four 
freshmen and twO sophomores, UCSD 
proved to be tOO talented and 
expenenced for the young Oxy team. 
The only UCSD loss was at the It I 
posllion , a 2-6 , 0-6 setback. 

Coach La Plante continued , "We are 
uSing these matches to prepare both 
mentally and physically for Nationals. 
We approach each match as if it were 
in the national tournament. I want to 
see the same intensity now that we will 
need at Kalamazoo [site of the 

ationalsl . Hopefully, when we get In 
the tournament , we will feel comfortable 
and prepared for the phYSical and 
mental stress ." 

La Plante is fine-tuning the UCSD 
squad in preparallon for nallonal 
competition . One adjustment was to 
SWllch the #- 1 and 2 singles players. 
Glenna Moses , who had been the It 1 
player. switched with former #2 Jessica 
Vernon . La Plante explainS her move . 
"Glenna ,,"as pla)'lng well but losing the 
tough matches In the # I position . 
Glenna's bclseline type of play IS better 
sutied for the It 2 spot. " 

Moses added, "I'm playing beuer and 
enjoying it more at the #2 pOSition. I'm 
much more confident now. I gOl 
discouraged losing, but I think it made 
me a tougher competitor. Right now I 
feel I have the best mental aUllude I 
have had all year. I'm ready for 
Nallonals." 

The second adjustment involves the 
#3 doubles team . In an effort to put 
together the best team possible. La 
Plante has been trying three different 
combinations. She has the luxury of 
choosing a combination from three 
talented doubles players. Brigld Rea and 
Melly Sani had been pla)'lng In the #3 

Melly Sani (above and below right) could be teamed Wilh eilher Brigid Rea or Maggie 
Merichel Jor the upcoming NCAA comp£titlOn. 

position through the first half of the 
season. Maggie Merickel has been 
playing excellent doubles lately and has 
pushed her way into match play. She 
has been teamed with bOlh Rea and 
Sani with success. La Plante must now 
decide which team combination will be 
the strongest, thereby giving them time 
to develop before Nationals in May. 

Merickel commented on her success 
and the tcam's dilemma: "[ love playing 
doubles. That is all I've been playi ng for 
about the last five years. I enjoy plaYing 
w1th both Brtgid and Melly. They are 
different types of players but I can play 
with either one. Melly likes to be a litLle 
more conservative and wait for the 
perfect opportunity to win a point 
Bngid IS more aggressive: when we team 
up we force play. Both teams are strong. 
I think we will end up with a strong 
doubles team no matter who plays at the 
1t3 position." 

The relaxed and confident UCSD 
squad has eight more tune-up matches 
before tournament play begins. Three of 
those matches are against tough 
Division I opponents. Currently, the 
Tritons are ranked (unofficially) # 1 In 
the nation . La Plante thinks her 
adjustments and tough schedule Will 
prepare her team for the natlondl 
tournament . which begins May [I 1m 

Baseball starts to win once more 

Taking their breaks 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

A s EVERY STUDENT IS well aware of. finals week can really mess up your timing. Apparently, it 
can do the same to your baseball skills. 

Going into the tenth week of winter 
quarter. the UCSD baseball team was 
nding the crest of an impressive 14-8-1 
record and looking forward to a pOSt-
season potpOUITI of playoff possibilities. 
The March 21 issue of Collegiale Baseball 
had even spoued the Tritons nationally 
ranked at #24. Needless to say, it was 
the first time the Tritons had ever been 
ranked, nationally or otherwise . Pretty 
heady stuff, eh? 

It seems things got a little tOO heady. 
Finals reared their Medusa-like heads 
and turned the Tritons and their gloves 
into stone. The Triton nine re-emerged 
from spring break with a 15-15-1 

record , haVing lost seven of its last 
eight. and what once looked like 
smooth sailing ahead has become the 
most cruCial part of the schedule all 
year. 

Coach Lyle Yates views this past 
lOSing skein regretfully. "ThiS seems to 
happen every year," the coach lamented . 
"Last year at the same time we went 0-8 
In the Sun Lite Classic. Finals weigh 
very heavily on the minds of our 
players. They are preoccupied . and It 
shows on the field . We made more 
mental errors in six games than we did 
In all the others combined. and we 
played with no intensity whatsoever." 

Unfortunately for UCSD, the Tritons 
mis>cd an opponuniry to show their 
stuff to some of the big boys from back 
East , as sixth-ranked Eastern 
Connecticut State VIsited right before 

finals . ThiS was one test the Tntons did 
not pass , but it was their coach who 
learned a lesson . "Next year I'm not 
gOing to schedule the way I have In the 
past. If we play at all before finals week , 
the caliber of competition will differ 
slightly." the coach PUt It-
dl plomatically. 

Even though rough waters are ahead , 
no one is abandoning the ship. 
"Actually," Yates said , "we're still in 
pretty good position . Our DiVision III 
record is 6-5, but we're 6-2 on the West 
Coast , and that will help us when they 
make the regional decisions. If you add 
to this the fact that we've beaten a 
couple of the teams whose coaches are 
on the Regional Advisory Committee 
here on the West Coast, we 're not in 
bad shape. Of course," he added, "we've 
gOt to play better ball, too." 

ThiS past weekend the Tritons were 
given-in the words of their coach-an 
opportuni ty to "re-establish ourselves as 
a good Division III school-a true 
contender." The University of 
Wisconsin at Whitewater Warhawks 
(say that three times fast) came in to 
playa three-game set over the weekend. 
"It·s a big school like ours , and last year 
they were ranked #15," Ya tes said . "This 

> CONIlNUED ON PAGE 23 > 

-



Ruggers lose some blood and the game 

Type A, positive 
By ALICIA AGOS, port Editor 

A PRIME BEACH DAY II was not. In fact, II was under a old , gmy sky that the U D men 's nagb)' 
te3m played ilS last gam,' of the season 
Mayhe \"lIh the . un shll1 mg, the wmd 
blowing wannly and the beach caUmg, 
the game's outcome would have been 
dIfferent, but, ala , the (!.Irk weather In 
the loss which U D suffered at the 
hands of Cal Poly Pomona and , lor that 
matter a more than Inadequate releree 

Communicauon, or the lack thereof, 
was the problem of the day Although 
the Tnrons started qUlckl)" <;cori ng In 
the first 30 seconds of the game, they 
let CII Poly slip hy Wllh.1 l2-1O VIctOry. 
Happiness, no-frustration , yes. Brian 
unkrl observed from the sldelll1es, -The 

n,lttom Ime IS, we're not consohdatlng 
our efforls. Our fOl'\vard pack did very 
well We consistent I)' won the scrum, 
but then we 'd 10 c possessIon of the ball 

MUIR COMMUTER 

BREAKFAST CLUB 

Starting April 8th and continuing flNery Monday, 
Muir College will provide a morning continental 
breakfast for earty commuters. The breakfast will 
be held in Cloud's Rest, Muir's commuter lounge, 
from 8:30 am to 10:30 am. Join us for a light 
snack, good conversation and friendship. The 
cost is $.25 and it's all inclusive. 

JOIN TKE 
AND 

CARLOS 
MURPHY'S 

in their fight against Multiple 
Sclerosis. Come watch 100 
hours of continuous 
teeter-tottering beginning 
Monday,April 8 ,12:00 noon 
at Revelle Plaza Make a 
donation and help. 

University Towne Centre - 457-4170 
4303 La Jolla Village Dr . 

r 

right away. There was no 
communication at all out there , With 
basic play, we're a better team than they 
are . With individual play, we're winning, 
but we're not con istem with our offense 
and defense . It's piuful." 

The blood lost on Muir Field last 
murday appeared to be (at least to the 

innocent observer) no small amount. 
However, UCSD's dedicated trainer, 
Marcia Klaiber, saId calmly (and 
In berween fIrst aid runs to the 
field) , "Rugby Isn 't all that Violent. They 
grunt .md groan a 1m, but It'S not that 
bad . It's not ,IS violent as football 
he cause in rugby you c;m only tackle the 
ball carner, The object IS to get nd of 
the ball before you gel tackled ." 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 23 > 

Third College 
Graduating Senlon 

REMINDER: 
Graduation Speech De_line Is 

FrlchIy, April 12 
Speeches should be relevant to the occasion 

and, hopefully, embrace the spirit of Third 
College. 

Judging will be by a committee of students 
and staff following auditions. Criteria shall 
include content evaluation and presentation. 

All copies must be typed and submitted to 
the Third College Provost Office by the above 
deadlline. 

BUDLIGHY" 
.Athlete of the Month 
>~==============~ 

During the recent NCAA Division ill Men'l and 
Women's Swim Championships held the past two weeks at 
Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, there were many 
outstanding individual performances that played major 
roles in determining the two (Men'S &. Women's) team 
titles. Among these outstanding individual performers were 
UC San Diego's Alison Gilmore and Jeff Stabile. 

Gilmore, a three-time All-American from Roddin, Ca., 
was responsible for 83 of UC San Diego's third-place total 
of 334'l2 points. The 5-8 junior inscribed her name twice in 
the NCAA Division III Record Book with her 57,97 
clocking in the 100 Butterfly and the 7:44,32 time of the 
BOO-Yard Freestyle Relay team of which she swims the first 
leg. In addition, Alison placed third with her time of2: 10,65 
in the 200 Butterfly, seventh in both the 200 Freestyle 
(1:57,17) and 100 Freestyle (54,28) as well as being a 
member of the Tritons' second-place 400 Freestyle Relay 
(3:36.60) and 400 Medley Relay (4:08.50) teams, 

Stabile became the first freshman in NCAA history to win 
both the one- and three-meter dive competitions in the same 
year. Entering as the Triton record-holder in both events, 
Stabile dominated the championship meet with his 
performance, The 6-6, 190-pounder won the one-meter dive 
by a 12-point margin, 426-414, over Bill Vaney of Calvin 
College. In the three-meter dive competition, Stabile 
actually found himself trailing by three points before pulling 
away for a comfortable 37-point victory margin over the 
unfortunate Vaney, Stabile 's efforts aided the Tritons to 
third place, their highest finish ever, 

. 

Type A 
(COONT1NUED fROM PAGE 22( 

The Tritons came oh-so-c1ose to 
accomplishing this on Saturday. But, 
spri ng break (and "a piss-poor referee 
living up to his repulation ") proved to 
be too much for UCSD to handle , Josh 
Wei! , a Middlebury College transfer, 
remarked, "Our pack played well, but 

the ref cost us. The difference in the 
game was only rwo points. I've seen 
players ref better games than him. That 
guy was a joke, Frustrating." Wei! did , 
however, cast an optimistic eye on the 
future , "We should be strong next year. 
We'U only lose about four people. We'll 
be strong if everyone returns and if we 
never see that ref again." 

This coming weekend the Tritons will 
load up the bus and trek up the coasl to 
the infamous, the long-awaited , the 
Santa Samara Tournament. There UCSD 
hopes to "get it all together with the 
forwards and the backs," Sunkel 

emphaSized Ihat "If we can learn from 
our mistakes, we can win three-quarters 
of the games we play up at Santa 
Barbara. There will be some incredible 
leams there, but we have the potential. 
We have to modify in order to do well . 
Our basic standard of play is Improving. 
We have our good moments, but there 
is a lack of communicalion . We're not 
responding to the situation. Santa 
Barbara IS the chance to show off what 
we've learned over the season . It's the 
big blowout. For a lot of the players, it's 
also the last rugby game, if they don't 
play club." ~ 

EveryTI calculator comes with 
one extra number. 

1-800-TI-CARES 
When you buy a Texas 
Instruments calculator you 
don't just buy a calculator, you 
buy Texas Instruments' com-
mitment to quality, 

Its a commitment backed 
by a fully developed service 
network that includes the 
above toll-free number you can 
call from anyplace in the 
United States. 

If you have any applications, 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profIle 

testi ng program wi II 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459 7342 

Day or Night 

1[1 lEARNiNG 
~ CeNTER 

operations, or service questions, 
call us Monday thru Friday 
between 9 am and 4 pm CST, 
and we'll be glad to help. 

If your calculator needs 
repairing, we'll direct you to 
one of our 46 conveniently 
located service centers for an 
immediate exchange, Under 
warranty, its free . If the res no 
center near you, we' ll do it all 
by mail. 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by 'eglStared. profaSSlOno'l a,BCfrOlog,sts 

WOMEN.MEN ~ 
Gentle Treatment 
Air o.MNltizing 
• Medicol Approved 
• California licensed 
• TOll Deductible _ ; 
fREE CONSULTATION 
days evenrngsS01UrdOY~ 
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROLYSIS CLINICS 

LA JOLLA 

1464-12421 
89&0 Villo La Jolla Ortv. 
Lo )011 0 VlIIOQe "'of c rr 

BAlBOA PAaK 

1589-90501 
2150-6/h A.,. 

61" A.,. _teol Ct! 

Of course, theres just one 
catch, It has to be a Texas 
Instruments calculator, But 
then, if you're as smart as we 
think you are, why wouldn't 
it be? 

TEXAS. 
INSTRUMENlS 

Creating useful products 
and services £or)'Ou, 

~STERDAM 
~ LONDON 
WNDON ., .. , ,SS49 

N<.'N ~()r 71i 

AMSTERDAM . . ,5675' 
f"IRF(' ~{ Ii' 

Inlo LONDON, 
Oul or AMSTERDAM , . ' 700 
Inln AMSTERDAM. , 
Out of LONDON ,... 700 

III [)(lVeS.1l200 
N.",,!,,,,, f\'31 h 
CA 926t>0 
71Hl';l1787 
211 S Z 

Monday, Apnl 8, 1985 23 

Baseball 
I CONTINUED FROM PAGE 21 ( 
year they've had some injuries, but 
they're supposed to have a prerry strong 
staff. These are important games." 

Friday afternoon the Tritons lOok a 
step forward by beating the Warhawks 
11-7. Dan Healy gO! the victory and Dan 
DiMascio hit a three-run homer for the 
winners . 
- UCSD will now embark on a five-
game stretch whicn Vates has deemed 
"cri tical." ' We're playing five games in a 
row against Division III schools from 
here on the West Coast- one at 
Pomona-Pitzer, a doubleheader at La 
Verne and a doubleheader against 
Whittier here at Olsen Field on April 
20. We have really gO! to make a strong 
shOWing because this could make o r 
break our season" the coach warned. 
With only a handful of games left afte r 
these c rucial ones, a poor performance 
would probably leave the Tritons on the 
critical list- terminaUy. 

The spring break also brought about 
some changes In the field and on the 
mound for UCSD. On the neganve side , 
pitcher Mike Peterson -who was 2-0 
with the lowest ERA on the staff (0 00), 
but who had nO! pitc hed since 
February-was redshined but will return 
next year. Shortstop Klaud io 
Blazevic h - who led the team in himng 
last year-was termed ineligible . 
Biazevich is expected to return soon but 
will, according to Yates, have 10 ea rn his 
job back from sophomores Jack 
Mecrchaum and Chris laRosa , who 
have split time at shorr and performed 
admirably, "especially defenSively," Yates 
said. 

The outfield was not Immune 10 
c hange either. Leftfielder Jim Manln has 
moved 10 right and Bob Natal has 
moved In from right to split the 
catching c hores with Dan DiMascio 
when DiMascio is deSignated hitter. 
Junior Mike Corsette has moved into left 
field . Yates explained some of the shifts 
as being necessary. "We needed regular 
outfielders-not catchers-at every 
outfield position. I think this will also 
help our catching, too," 

Yales singled OUI DiMascio and 
centerfie lder David Mendoza for their 
improved hitting ("They're both stinging 
the baU very well.") and lauded the 
emergence of freshman nghthander 
Terry Beck, who will add depth to the 
bullpen. "Terry has pitched in a couple 
games for us and looked pretty 
impressive : Yates said , "and I am also 
glad 10 see that (staner) Frank Califano 
is commg around , too." Califano, who 
hasn't pitched since February 19 
because of tendonitis in his right 
shoulder, is expected to begin throwing 
again soon. 

Wilh 21 games left, Yates and his 
team are looking to secure at least a 
.500 record this year, one of their pre-
season goals. Another of these goals was 
to make the regional playoffs. Maybe 
another goal should be to make sure 
they don't coincide with finals . Or 
maybe just cancel them, period-the 
finals , that is . That's something everyone 
could agree on. E;] 

Backpacking, Horseback 
riding, Sailing, Water skiing, 
Rough climbing instructors 
needed for High Sierra 
Summer Camp, 

June 27·August 31 

We will interview interested 
applicants on Campus April 
11 and April 16. Please 
contact Judy Griffith in the 
Student Employment 
Center, 452-4500. 

.. 



24 Monday. Apnl B. 19 5 

e'.ulfted ~slng space Is sold In 100-
character Increments . Each letter, 
punctuation mark and s~ between 
words Is considered a character, wtth 
capital letten counting as two characten. 
The rate Is 51 per 100 characters for 
students and 53 per 100 characten for 
non-slUdents. You nut come by the office 
or mall In your ad, as we require payment 
In advance of publlQtlon. Deadlines are 
5 pm Tuesday for Thunday's paper, 5 pm 
FrtcUy for Monday's paper. For more 
Information call 452-3466. The Guardian, 
UCSD, 8-016, UI Jolla, CA 92093. 

Violin. viola, prep for 32 or just for fun. 
Indivicllal or shared lessons. Helen Martin, 
457-0671. (6/6) 

KB Books has textbooks at 10% below 
bookstore price for 75 piUS classes, maybe 
yoursl AMES, Bio, Chem, Econ, EECS, Math, 

Philosop~, Physics & Psych. We're by Ralphs 
at Great Earth VitamIns and 452-8350. (4/8) 

DON'T BE A lONKERI Work on your career 
instead of your tan thIS summer. Arrange an 
internship in San Diego, WashIngton D.C., 
Sacramento or perhaps In your own 
hometOIM1. Earn 4-12 academIc credits while 
you get practIcal experience In your field. 
Apply nowl AcademIC Internship Program 
WC 406 x4355. (4/8) 

KB Books at Great Earth VitamIns in Ralph's 
Shopping Center, open 12 to 4 Mon-Sat for 
first 2 weeks of qtr. Call us any tIme at 452-
8350 for book Info & delivery. We have books 
at 10% below bookstore price for classes in 
AMES, Bio, Chem, Econ, EECS, Math, 

Phjfosop~, Physics, and Psych classes. (4/8) 

Irs HAPPENINGI Yes, LITTLE SISTERS are 
RUSHING lBTI Get In on the excitementl This 
week-Revelle Plaza. (4/11) 

Thinking about doing an internship this 
summer7 ASIO Intemship Info Nite Tues. 4/9 
at 7pm in ASIO Office, above Game Room in 
Student Center. Or call 452-4689. (4/8) 

Black students needed for research study on 
college experience- 4/10 & 4/17, HSSII06-
4-7pm only I hr. & 15 min. of your t ime. 
Refreshments will be served. Contact Temille 
Porter 452-3035. (4/8) 

Start your career now. Earn money and work 
on Fortune SOO Companies' marketing 
programs on campus. Part-time (ftexible) 
hours each work. We give references. Call 1-
800-243-6679. (4/11) 

UC STUDENT LOBBY DEFEATS REPEATED 
EFFORTS TO IMPOSE SI0<X>-2oo0ANNUAL 
FEE HIKES . SUPPORT THEM IN 
TOMMOROWS ELECTION. (4/8) 

Need help in math 7 I'm an experienced tutor 
and can help you in lower div. math I Call 
Jamie 259-0059. (4/8) 

KSDT will have an orientation meeting this 
Wed. at 6 pm. Get involved in student-run 
radio I Meet at KSDT, across from EDNA. 
(4/8) 

UC STUDENT LOBBY WINS FIGHT FOR A 
CAP ON YEARLY STUDENT FEES-NO 
MORE MID-YEAR FEE INCREASES. 
SUPPORT THEM IN TOMORROW'S 
ELECTION. (4/8) 

FREEl KSDST's Orientation meeting this Wed. 
at 6pm in the radIo station across from 
EDNA. (4/8) 

UC STUDENT LOBBY FORCES LEG ISLA TURE 
TO GUARANTEE AUTOMATIC FINANCIAL 
AID INCREASE TO OFFSET FEE HIKE. 
SUPPORT THEM IN TOMORROW'S 
ELECTION (4/8) 

Writer/Poet Paul Dresman will be reading 
from his latest books, PACIFIC ELEGIES and 
the lEN OF TELEVISION, this Friday, April 
12. from noon-I:30 in the New Warren 
Apartments Commons Lounge. This reading 
is part of the Warren College Friday Faculty-
Student Hour. Ught refreshments. (4/11) 

UC STUDENT LOBBY CONVINCES 
GOVERNOR TO REDUCE 1984-85 
STUDENT FEES BY S70. SUPPORT THEM IN 
TOMORROWS ELECTION. (4/8) 

millWi~allJ 
1979 Ford Mustang, xlnt cond, inside/out. 6 
cyl/auto, AC, ps, PB, AM-FM cass stereo. 
S3795 obo. 436-2600. (4/8) 

Honda NC 50 Express motorcycle. 2000 mi. 
Exc. condo Mech. repair manual included. 
S265. 450-0765. (4/15) 

MUST SELL TO PAY FEE. A complete 8 piece 
Kenwood home stereo system. 2 mo. Old. 
Includes: 200 watt JBL350 spk., integrated 
amplifier, time delay reverberation amp, 
synmesizer tuner, 10 band graphic equalizer, 
scan & search cassette deck, automatic 
turntable & 2 door cabinet. All bought for 
CNer S2oo0. M ust see to appreciate. All for 
SI600 obo. call Mehrdad at 457-0291 after 8 
pm. (4/11) 

SmIth-Corona electriC typevvriter. Hardly 
used for only S100. Call 450-0171. (4/18) 

Now's your chance to learn how to windsurf. 
2 sallboards for sale. S375 or best offer. call 
483-2337, ask for PaUl, leave a message. 
(4/18) 

Stereo. NAD3020 int amp. Grt condo Superb 
snd q/ty. S125. 453-0241. (4/8) 

Wanted-Responsible driver to deliver air-
condo car, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. May-
June 1985. 571-1943. (4/11) 

Marketing: Lk'lique and exciting opportunity 
available for students on a part-time basis 
near campus. Excellent training, experience, 
and pay. Contact the Placement Office or call 
collect 818-350-5345. (4/8) 

Wanted. Camp counselor-North County 
Brandl Jewish Community Center. Pam 944-
0640. (4/8) 

Technical and graphic artists neededll Work 
on the UCSD Journal of U1dergrad Research. 
Call x3917 ams or attend meeting Weds. 6 pm 
at Journal Off., 2nd Floor Stu Ctr. (4/8) 

Scholarship opportunity wanted. Undergrad 
and grad students to apply for I yr 1986-87 
Rotary Foundation Scholarship to foreign 
universities. Requ irements : Undergrad-
Must have completed soph year by June 
1986, not married, age 18 to 24. Grad-
Bachelor degree, married OK, any age 18 to 
30. For details call Robert Thomas Mon-Fn 
8 :30 to 2:00 at 488-2797. After 2:00 459-
5810. Deadline IS June I for submission of aps. 
(4/11) 

Wanted: Women who experience significant 
premenstrual tension syndrome (mood 
changes, irritability) each month, for 
participation in a research study involving 
medication, blood draws and interviews. 
Women must be hea/t~, have regular 
predIctable monthly cycles, and not be on 
birth control pills. Please call Karen at 453-
7500, ext 3218.(4/11) 

WANTED: callers for the UCSD phone/mall 
program. Earn S4.25/hr plus BIG bonuses 
Call 587-1 589 by Apnl 11th (4/8) 

Radio station KSDT needs your talents I Come 
to orientation this Wed. at 6 pm in the station 
across from EDNA. (4/8) 

WANTED: callers for the UCSD phone/mail 
program. Earn S4.25/hr & BIG bonuses. Call 
587-1 589 by April 11th. (4/8) 

Femal~ to shar~ room in beautiful oonOO. 4 
min. from UCSO. Washer, d~, pool. 5220 & 
1/4 util. Melanie, Kathy, Leann, 450-1254. 
(4/8) 

Room available in Pacific Beach home. 
Looking for qui~, considerat~ ma~ non-
smok~r. 5250 plus 1/3 uti/. 5SO deposit. Call 
Paul or Dave 274-0287 aft~ 4. (4/81 

Room for rent in kJxurious La Jolla condo. 
Furnished, wid, pool, near UCSD. Extras. 
S500 & SO. 455-6046. (4/22) 
Third College female 21 plus, nonsmk needs 
another for rm draw. Let's try for a single. 
Julie 455-7102. (4/8) 

Ught, view tIM1hse. Open daily 1-3 pm. 7994 
caminito Dia No. I. 2 bdr & den, gar, ass 
97%. By Owner. 582-4904. (4/8) 

Wanted: Female roommate; large bedroom 
to yourself; tennis courts & swimming pool, 
one block from UCSD; friendly, casual 
roommates, S275 & 1/5 utilities & S150 
cleaning deposit. Call Kat~, Rich, or Cris at 
452-9621. (4/11) 

Roommate wanted to share 2 bedroom 
South Mesa apt. Non-smoking medical or 
graduate student only. S215/mo. & 1/2 
electrity. Avai/~ April 26. call Rob at 755-
1836. (4/8) 

TYPING!WORD PROCESSING: many twe 
styles to choose from, spelling and 
punruation errors oorrected, pick-up crId 
delivery, quality work, FASTIIf S2/~ 
(double spaced). call Interactive Micro 
Systms at 452-9949. (6/6) 

Resumes/CVs. All professions. The Job 
Tailors, 2120 Jimy Durate, ~I Mar. 755-
8188. Student Disc. (4/11) 

FULFIll YOUR DESIRESI Get more out of 
}<>ur UCSD SOCIAL LIFE, check into the ZBT 
UTTLE SISTER program. Come to the lBT 
booth at the Revelle Plaza this week. (4/11) 

Muir ~ US. Vote for USI (4/8) 

Skier Kurt Simpson. Please call Floyd 
Humphries at 436-0903. (4/8) 

~r.nly SeekIng Dani~Ie-For God's 
sake, serld me the picture'" OJan. (4/8) 

Dawn: Welcome back. Hope your Spring 
OJaner is lots of SlMYlY days. You're almost 
there-can't waltl See you tonight Your 
Rosepal. (4/8) 

Helen, Jo, .Allie, and l..resa: Let me tell you 
'bout some friends I know ... You're absolute 
bestl Thanks for puting me up for the week 
and for putting up with mel ~, UI. (4/8) 

U1/imited beer supply. No more drMng to 
the store to JX'Y high retail prices. Make your 
0IM1 brew in the conveniencr of your own 
home. For information on this money-saving 
offer, send two dollars to Pacific 
Brewmasters: P.D. Box 22942, San Diego, 
CA 92122. (4/8) 

New Update: Astronomers observe a 
warming trend on Uranus. (4/8) 

Michelle BI-You're a year older and looking 
fine. Last year of your teens to gol Alpha 
Luv-AOITs XOx. (4/8) 

..bhn: Your stendl is much improved by the 
Brut. Love, Me. (4/8) 

Jesus: Come to KSDT orientation meeting 
this Wed. at 6pm h the radio station across 
from EDNA. (4/8) 

Announcement: An autographing p~ for 
the season's hottest selling novel "How to 
\X.1n Friends and Intluena!! Peop~, " by John 
Eliot will be held at the a.Jthor's winter 
home, the for1ner residence of Chancellor 
Atkinson, to coincide with the ~xc/usive 
UCSD Bookstore re~ase of the second 
printing. Contact the Guardian newsroom 
for details. (4/8) 

Matt of Birdcage Revie\N, can you please 
contact me so I can get IT¥ photos back. Julia 
450-9493. (4/8) 

And they stood there la.Jghing. (4/8) 

Smart students look for summer work earlyl 
The Southwestern Company is now 
interviewing-Opporunity to eam 53000. 
call 223-5566 Ext. 854. 14/8) 

WORD PROCESSING : Fast service. 
SI.SO/page. I pickup & deliver. ~ 

~~2~~1~61 ~§I~IMII gR.~~11 
US. Robert Baizer-Chair. US. Erich 
Drotleff-A&E. US. Parenthesis (PD) 
Devers-Prog. US. Robert Logan-Comm 
Board. US. Meredith Adler-PR. US. Get Into 
USIf (4/8) 

If you accidentally took Physics JA final No. 
251 Winter Otr '85. Please place in manila 
envelope marked No. 251 and leave in Physics 
IB boxes. My grade depends upon it. (4/8) 

Vote US for MCG (4/8) 

Laura- You're almost there I Initiation is 
almost herel Good luck, I'm rooting for you. 
Alpha Love, Your RBI (4/8) 

Get into USII (4/8) 

ASIO InternshIp Info Nite. Tues. 4/9 at 7pm 
In ASIO Ofc., above Game Room in Student 
Ctr. Or x4689 (4/8) 

Lost · I1anc}printed $Ilk scarf with red bOrder, 
tentn week last quarter, probably at Muir. It's 
one-of-a-kind ~ I love it dearly so please 
please return it CD the Student Center or call 
454-7283. (4/8) 

Black furry eyeglass cas~. Lost last quart~. 
Whoever called--please call back & please 
leave your number. 481-6746 Sharon. 
Reward. (4/8) 

Lost: CASl0 multi-function watch w/b/k 
rubber-plas band on 2nd floor of APM. 
Reward. Jim 453-1997. (4/15) 

Gold pen lost at Revelle end of Winter 
quar-er. "Cross." blue ballpoint, a gift. 
Rew d-262-9362. (4/8) 

Lost PhYSICS IA final No. 251 Winter atr '85. 
Please place in manila envelope marked No. 
251 l nd leave In PhYSICS IB boxes. My grade 
depends upon It. (4/8) 


