
SHOWDO UC Students Challenge the Regents 

A look at the Wednesday's class boycott and rallies 
from several angles and perspectives-see pages 3-12. 



2 Thursday, Apnl 25, 1985 
Ne~ 
-. • • :s;; ... ', -..)0;.... -. 'J: .. " v. ~-. ~.;. '. ~ • ~ '<;'> • 

In conjunction with the campus-wide 
UCSD Open House, Revelle College will 
be holding its fifth annual Renaissance 
Faire, Sunday, May 5, from 11 am to '+ 
pm on the South Lawn near the 
Humanities Library. 

Entertainment at the Falre will 
include jugglers, madrigal singers, 
instrumental ensembles and wandering 
minstrels. Special performances Will be 
held throughout the day by the Society 
for Creative Anachronism. 

There will be a display of homemade 
wares for sale by local craftsmen. Games 
and amusement wLll Include a dunking 
boorh, boffing, palm reading and 
Juggling school. A WIde variety of foods 
ranging from peasant lunches to baked 
potatoes wtll be available 

o 
As a tribute to the achievements of 

women in the arts, the Center for 
Women's Studies and Services IS 
sponsonng a speCial Women's Poetry 
Readmg Sene dunng the month of 
May. The senes \\,111 feature many well-
known San Diego poets mcludlng 
Sherley Williams, Joyce ower and 
Elame Feinstein. The public is mVlted 
to attend the readings held at 2467 "E" 
Street, San Diego, and there IS no 
charge. 

o 
Studenrs and facuhy are invited to 

attend the CI11CO de Mayo celebration 
May 3 from noon to 7 pm at the UCSD 
Student Center. The event, sponsored by 
MEChA and the AsSOCiated Students, 
WIll celebrate MeXICO's victory over the 
French m 1862 and the conti nuing 
advancement for SOCial, economic and 
pohtical equahty for the Latino 
communllles. 

o 
A consortium of the Center for 

Ibenan and latin Amencan Studies at 
UCSD and the Center for latin 
Amencan Studies at San Diego State 
University has been deSignated a 

ational Resource Center for latin 
Amencan Studies for the next three 
years. 

The deSignation was made by the US 
Depanment of Education (USDE), 
following a national competition among 
leading centers around the country, 
including, UCLA, Stanford, Berkeley, 
New Mexico, Texas, Tulane, Florida, 
Chicago, IUinois, Wisconsin and 
Pittsburgh. 

A precise determination of the 
amount of USDE funding has nor been 
made but, according to Professor Paul 
Drake of the Center for US-Mexican 
Studies at UCSD, the consonium will 
reCCIve approximately $160,000 during 
the three-year period . 

"The CILAS share of that will come to 
roughly $85 ,000, of whIch some $31,000 
will be allocated to graduale student 
fellowships ," Drake said "The remainder 
WIll be spent on JOint appomtments of 
vlsllmg faculty, staff, library acqUIS ItiOnS, 
travel and conferences." 

o 
UCSD Extension will offer over 60 

courses dealing with computer science 
topiCS during its Summer Quaner 
staning June 24. The courses will be 
taught on a variety of levels ranging 
from those ai med at students WIth no 
prior computer contact to highly 
specialized classes for those who deal 
with computers on a datly baSIS. 

Many of the courses wtll focus on 
applications for a particular profeSSion 
such as real estate, educauon , nursmg 
and construction. Course structures vary 
from lectures to "hands-on" laboratory 
classes, and may vaty m length from a 
half-day semmar to a 12-week intensive 
program. 

The faculty IS com posed of computer 
expens from a Wide range of publIc and 

private firms throughout Southern 
California, each with considerable 
instructional experience. 

The Explore catalog gives a full listing 
of computer courses, meeting times, and 
course fees and i available at no charge 
by caning 452-3400 or by writing UCSD 
ExtenSion , X-001, La Jolla , CA 92093. 

o 
Brian Patten, a British poet who wrote 

the television play "The Man Who 
Hated Children," will be giving two 
pubhc poetry readings , Friday, May 10, 
4:30 pm, In UCSD's Revelle Formal 
Lounge; and the second, called "The 
True Confessions of a ManUSCript 
Sniffer," Tuesday, May 14,8 pm, in the 
Center for Music Expenment, 408 
Warren campus. There \\.~ll be no 
admission charge. 

Patten was sprung from the Liverpool 
Movement, which gave birth to poets 
and musicians such as the Bearles, 
Scaffold, and 'other groups With the 
'" Mersey sound ." He has had a vaned 
ba kground , beginning at 17 when he 
edited Underdog, a magazine which 
Introduced the work of new British 
writers, such as Robert Creeley, to a 
wide non-academiC audience. 

HIS works of poetry, "Little Johnny's 
Confession" (1967), and "Nores to the 
Hurrying Man" (1969), were Widely 
acclaimed in Europe and Bntaln. 

In 1976, Panen's children's novel, MI'. 
Moon 's Last Case, won the Edgar Allen 
Poet Special Award form the Mystery 
Writers of America, and the Best 
Children's Book of the Year in England . 

A play called The Mouth-trap, co-
written with Roger McGough, premiered 
m 1983 at the Edinburgh Festival and 
transferred the same year to the Lyric 
Theatre in London. 

LaSt year Patten was invited hy the 
Indian Government on a British Council 
Tour of the COUntry to read and lecture. 
Smce 1977, he has broadcast regularly 
on BBC RadiO and has presented 
programs for BBC TeleVISion and 
independent swions. 

Patten's work also appears In The 
Oxford Book oj 20th Century English Verse, 
edited by Philip Larkin. 

o 
The Gugenhcim Memorial 

Foundation has awarded four UCSD 
faculty members with fellowships . 

The fellowships are awarded "on the 
basis of demonstrated accomplIshment 
in the past and strong promise for the 
future," according to announcements by 
the Jolm Simon Guggenheim Memorial 
Foundation. ThiS year's winners were 
chosen from among 3,548 applicanrs. 

The four UCSD winners are Henry E. 
Allison, professor of philosophy, for his 
study on Kant's theory of freedom ;]. 
William HeltOn , Jr., professor of 
mathematics, for his study on functional 
analYSIS m electrical engmeenng; 
Benetta Washington Jules-Rosette, 
professor of SOCiology, for her study on 
technology and social change in Afnca; 
and Knstin Luker, aSSOCiate professor of 
SOCiology, for a history of the sex 
education movement m America, 1880-
1980. 

o 
David Gmach of DeciSIOn ViSion Inc. 

will discuss "AutoCAD," a two-
dimenSIOnal deSign tool , and 
"Cubicamp," a solid modelIng tool for 
englneenng design and computer 
animation . Both software packages are 
deSigned to operate on IBM .Ind 
compatible microcomputers. In addition 
to giVing an overVIew of the future of 
Computer Aided DeSign (CAD) 
workstations Will be available to proVide 

hand~-on experience In CAD techniques 
The above drawing of the Sr;ace 

Shuttle was genenlted by ..tn IBM P XT 
USlnj{ Autoc.AD. 

~----------~--~------~ ~. _I- l1...I. ,. 
- I-

"" • 
,.. r. 

• ~ ~ 
, ,., 

• .,r...A I ... 
.. -

IJ l..iI !"J 11..... J II' 
ilL· L"'" ~'" 

.. " f1 
I II ", 

I"" I'J J r.." III 
, I I 

Cover: It was high noon on the Hump yesterday as 2,000 
screaming, standing, clapping ahd chanting studems spoke 
out against apanheid and spoke for the divestiture of billions 
in UC funds. Now the stage is set for bigger batdes, as the Free 
South Mrica Movement marches to the Chancellor's 
complex. 
News: Wednesday's rallies: the overall Story, cornments from students, 
comments from faculty, and comments from the media . Plus a look at 
related events throughout the Uc. 
Opinions: The "Winnie Mandela Library" sitters state their demands, a 
commentary on nuclear connict, a viewpoint on time, plus letters and 
Dooncsbury. 
Perspectives: Thousands were there in front of the gym as UCSD 
awakened to apartheid in South Africa, and Perspectives was there as 
srudenrs stayed awake for the new tomorrow. In unrelated news, the 
"writer's i" prepares to cross the final barrier into "adulthood," whatever 
the hell that is. 
Sports: The men of the Triton baseball team are facing some 
complicated post-season situations, Bob Moss is one funny guy, Denny 
Harper IS up off the bench and into the swmp of thmgs with his polo 
players, a lot of floor hockey players are still "stoked" about their recent 
Rec Gym Invitational, and the OTL Tournament celebrates its tenth 
anniversary. 
Hiatus: Not only have monkeys been evolving, the Che Cafe has 
converted its dining room into an art gaDery, expanding everyone's 
happiness. Also, an interview with the director of FraternIty Vacation , 
critical reviews of the new movie Blood Simple, and a look at the art show 
More is More. (Not to mention the new Hiatus gUide to enlightenment.) 

COVER PHOTO BY ROB FRIEDENTHAL 

Designs of the Future will take place 
at lOam on Saturday, May 4 at the 
Third Lecture Hall , room 107. For 
further Informanon , call 455-6579. 

o 
The publicity reads, "The Tay-Sachs 

gene can hide for generations. Testing 
can discover it before tragedy does." 

According 10 Devora Cohen, UCSD 
student coordinator, "Tay-Sachs is an 
inherited disease. The gene for Tay-
Sachs is recessive, and what that means 
is that if someone doesn't have two 
copies of it, then it's nOt expressed and 
he doesn't have the disease." However, 
one may still be a carrier of the 
recessive gene, and the only way of 
knOwing this for a fact is through blood 
screening. 

A free Tay-Sachs screening, funded by 
rhe Slate Department of Health , the 
UCSD Department of Pediatrics, and the 
California Tay-Sachs Disease Prevention 
Program, will be available on campus 
Monday, April 29 through Thursday, 
May 2. Campus orgamzations such as 
ASUCSD, HIPO, Student Health 
Advocates, and all four colleges are 
lending suppOrt tltrough volunteer help 
and publicity. 

In the general population, one m 200 
people are carriers, and one In 27 
Within the JeWish community are 
earners. "When two people who carry 
recessive genes get married ," said 
Cohen , "their child could get both of 
those copies of it and be affected , and 
each child has a one-in-four chance of 
being affected." What happens in the 
affected child IS that fat is deposited in 
the nerves of the brain because a 
necessary enzyme, nicknamed "Hex A," 
which is re ponsible for the transport of 
lIpids, is nOl produced , according to 
Cohen. 

By about six or seven months of age 
the baby starts to lose all nonnal ' 
nervous functions; it cannot recognize 
its parents , eat on ItS own or breathe on 
Its own. It IS depende11l on a respirator 
for the rest of ItS life , which lasts at 
most for nve years. The wSt of 

hospltahzation alone 15 $75-100.000 a 
year, not to mention the emOtional cost 
10 the famIly , Cohen added . 

Tay-Sachs screening IS not offered in 
most doctors' offices nor when a ouple 
apphes for a marriage hcense. There is 
no cure, 50 prevention IS the key. When 
a couple can IdentifY that the)' are both 
carriers, they can make their own 
suitable decisions: risking haVing their 
own child and aborting if Tay-Sachs is 
identified in the fetus by amniocentesis, 
adopting, trying artificial insemination, 
or choosing nOl to have children at all. 

Sickle cell anemia and other 
hemoglobin disorders will also be tested 
during the same screening. Testing 
dates, times and locations are the 
fallowing: 
Monday (4/29): 9-1 at Muir Apt. 
Lounge, 2-3 at Third Mountainview 
Lounge. 
Tuesday: 9-1 at Muir Apt. Lounge. 
Wednesday: 11 -4 at Revelle Commuter 
Lounge, 2-4 at Warren Commons. 
Thursday: 10-12 at Winzer Commons , 
11 -4 at Revelle Commuter Lounge.-LP 

o 
Swim San Diego, one of thl.' UCSD 

Community Aquatics programs, Will play 
host to the Austrahan Nallonal Swim 
Team May 10-16. These vl~ltors are 
sponsored by the AustralIan Sports 
Institute. In addition to trammg With 
SWim San Diego, Australia will 
participate in an aftemoon sWim meet 
on May 12. SWim San Diego is also 
planning a dual-team function on May 
11. There IS a full schedule of San Diego. 
Sightseeing for the Australian team, 
including the D Zoo, Sea World and 
TIJuana. Team members will be housed 
lT1 the homes of SWim San Diego team 
memhers. 

If you would hke further details on 
the sWim meet or other eve nts, or if you 
would hke information on the UC D 
Communll)' Aqu,\tIcs program , please 
call the Office of Campus Recreation ,It 
452-4037 

-Rtn~e Wenrick 

UC-wide 
protests lead 
to arrests 
By PHIL WILLON, A \;OLlalt' Nn" [.til'" 

I \ A UNITED DISPlAY Of PROTEST l'n TII(',da) Jnt! \Vcdnc. dJ)' more th.lIl 131)00 llnJ\'e'I1)' of Cahfornla 
'Iud~m~ l11ar~hl'd .1Ild r.lllied .1~,lIn,r 
l'C 1m l' lIlwm, 111 (ll'l1p'lI1IC' lh11llg 
husllIe with thl • p ... rtt,l'IJ gowCIll'lrrt 
01 '-,llUt h \fnCl 

I l)' nOle IU '1' \ r 
. 1"'t.1 H.lThJ~1 d r r 

l '\00: \.It'lI'1 tralh I I 
\\'lnt\ f.\e l( [)l\1 Udlnt5 sui,' cd 

ttll' f..II'le ".oIC .If r trlu,1n ' III Ie 1\ .. 
\ir,lk H.Ill, \\.1I1.1! Ihc\ h,l\e ICI1.lml.'d 
HI hop fUl..! Hilli. ' 

1 C !'re'ldem [)a\ lei u:lrdnn \\ .1:> 
hlll),-d.1 Ikrkrll'}' •• ftl'r s yl11~ thl he did 
lIilt bdll'\'c rh.1l thl' tud,'nls ,Inr.;«~d 
dunng I.I't ~wck\ prl'tl'StS dCSl'J"\I' 
.lInn(,'1\ fllr tlll'lr cnmes 

T he proponents 01 d 1\l.",tlTIcm .Irgul' 
that US mn'stments In outh Afrll:a 
!"Jenell! prllnaril) whllc. rJClq 
hllsinc,. mcn who ,Hl' In tum 
m II nt,lInmg the onl)' llfflciall) r,Klst 
.~ "emlll,'1ll poliuc In rhe world L,S 
dl\I:'tllll'Ilt, the)' ,Irguc, would hI' ,I 
111.1101 hi,l\\" to the Suuth Alncan 
o.'l.1I1(111) ,1I1 t! the mOI,lle of thl' rau,1 
gO\'l'mm~nt. \, hich h,b r(,L:entl)' hel'n 
under U\ II fire but which IS )"et to he 

~cnousl}' th realcned h)' outSide fl es of 
aparthelu 

According to the UC Berkeley Dally 
Californian, the most recem estimate of 
the extent of the UCs investment In 
South Africa shows the UC Regents 
holdmg approximately $2.6 billion in 
companies doing bu mess "there. This 
figure , a result of research in the 
Regents' financial repons, would make 
UC divestiture larger than that of all 
Other universities m the United States 
combmed and would be the second 
greatest divestiture ever. 

The system-Wide protest, which 
involved all nine UC schools, is 
presented here m a campus-by-campus 
synopsIs' 
UC Davis- J wenty-five students were 
arrested Wednesday afler they refused 
to vacale the outer olTice of Chancellor 
James H. Meyer when it closed at 5:30 
pm. The thrust of Davis' anti-apartheid 
rally occurred at I pm when 1,000 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 8 > 

TilU rway, Al'nl 25, 1985 3 

2,000 rally for divestment 
By SEAN WAGSTAFF &: SUZAN E LIFSON 
"Y Ol; HA\'E C MEA FEW FEEl , 

hut In mkll1g those steps you 
h,I\'e m.lde a great stride for 

outh Afn J" 
- Glegg Akde, Apnl 24, 1985 

Between 1,500 and 2,000 people, 
,mostl), students, gathered in front of the 
main gym Wednesday in the largest 
student demonstration at UCSD since 
1980, reminiscent of student protesrs of 
more than a decade ago. The highly 
emotional and responSive crowd was 
protesting outh African apartheid 
pohcles and calling for divestiture by 
the Universtty of California. 

Dr. Edward Reynolds, professor of 
African history, said In his opening 
speech, "What we are about this 
afternoon IS that we have come to talk 
about human Justice. We have come to 
talk about self-detcrmmatl on m South 
Afnca. a people who are denied basiC 
freedoms, and what we are seeing In 
America dunng the last four months 
with all the e demonstrations IS that 

people are pr.-pared to do something.' 
Followmg tile two-hour <;enc~ of 

speec hes by VJnou~ CI\·t1 nghts actiVists, 
most of Ihe crowd marched, cheering 
and chanung anthlpartheld <;Iogans, to 
the Humanities Llhr.lly-duhbed 
·Winnie Mandela Llbrar)' alte r the Wife 
of imprisoned outh African leader 

elson Mandela - where an estimated 
200 people began a sleep'ln vlgtl 
planned to last until Thursday 
Jfternoon , when a petlllon could be 
hand -dehvered to Chancellor Richard 
Atkmson , who returned from 
Washington, DC, late Wednesday night 

The demonstrators were peaceful, 
particularl)' 111 contrast to the 158 
arrested 111 Berkeley Apnl 16, .md pohce 
were hardly visible dUring the 
demonstration. ACting Chancellor Dr 
Harold Ticho said earl)' Wednesday that 
no force would be u ed unless 
demon<;tralOrs "Interfered With normal 
Universl1)' operations " 

. Demonstrators were careful early 
Wednesday night nOl to block the 

emran<.;e to the hbral)', and puhee 
statIOned inSide Ihe doors there SJld 
the)' were vel)' happ}" with the wa)' 
things were gOing there. 

Wednesday's rally at LCD followed 
two weeks of protests Jnd Sit-inS at 
campu es acros the count I)' , mo t 
notably at Columbia Umversil)' m ew 
York, where the student protests began, 
and at UC Berkeley, where the .UC 
divesUlure movement took root 

"Over 2,000 people have been 
arrested ours Ide the embassy of South 
Africa," Reynolds continued. "The 
pressure for divestment IS all over 
America And for those people in South 
Africa who are trying to get rid of thiS 
eVil system, your demonstrations-your 
suppon-will mean a lot Wh.lt we are 
fighung against IS that evil and 
immorally unjustifiable system. Because 
In outh Afri a what we have IS that 
there IS no sovereign nallon on Earth 
where the overriding potltlcal power IS 
exerCised by a small mmom)'. There IS 

<; CONTINUED ON PAGE 10 / 

Demonstration receives campus support 
Students: a 'new movement Faculty: a look back 

, 

By RENEE WENRICK COIIlllPu[lng ,\;"', , Edlldl 

AT WED E DAY'S ann-apartheid r .. lly , "tudents expressed hoth surprise and enthUSiasm at the 
number 01 paniclpant". Most said they 
had nOI expected a \,Irge crowd due to .l 
general campus ..tpathy regarding 
poluical issues tudents disagreed on 
the impact the protest wtll have on UC 
im'estments in South AfncJ. yet all were 
hopeful the event marked the beginning 
of a strengthened studem voice in 
administrative and political maners. 

John Barnwell, a vi~ual arts returning 
student who attended the rally, \Ias 
pleased with student pamcipallon ''I'm 
surpnsed by the turnout, and it makes 
me proud that It'S happenmg agam, that 
there is this much mvolvement" He 
added that he felt there was more 
tnvolvement In the prote t from the 
whue students as opposed to 15 years 
ago. 

on thiS campus that are so dark at 
night, they are literall), invitallon for 
rape. There IS no student involvement -
na students for th.1l ma tter. This has to 
StOP if ~'e want thiS to be a fine 
university " 

Although some srudents were 
skeptical as to whether this pant ular 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE \I > 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE. Staff Wnlrr 
"H IT 'EM HARD. Hit 'e m FAST 

Then MARCHI" Few studems 
he.trd thiS mllylng cl)' In 

)csterda)"'s antl-apanheld demonstration 
at the steps of ',e mam g)'ffi . because It 
was spoken h)' one of the many faculty 
and administrators who contributed 
their support to the students' prolest. 
Yesterday's faculty comments from the 

crowd will solidify Into commitment In 
.1 gener-Jl fa ulty meeting tod .. y at noon 
In the hlstol)' faculty lounge on the fifth 
noor of the Humanities and oclal 
- 'Icnee hUlldlng. they are meeting to 
select those who will represent UC D in 
Ihe Umverslty of California's nine-
campus faculty -prOtest of investments in 
South Afnca to be held at Berkeley on 
Fnday. 

The faculty comments in ),esterday' 
rally Wert' bO.th suppomve and 
caulionul)' "1 canceled my class today 
so that tudems could attend as a moral 
commi tment," said a mem er of the 
visual arts faculty. "I thmk a rail, Itke 
this is a very old form of tl)'ing to ral;e 
the public 's consciousne~s. I do nO{ 
suggest canceling such mllies, but we 
need to understand what the Issue are 
on an indiVidual basis. We need to 
bring the discussions Into the 
clas rooms. to develop a hlstonc 
per pecuve of so ial awareness." 

A ViSiting faculty member, himself an 
actlVlst m Ihe '00 , said , "ThiS reminds 
me of many other prote<;rs here at 

The surpnse students exprcs"ed over 
the SIZe of the crowd reflects the general 
oplnton that UCSD is a campus that IS 
nO! eaSily aCllvated. John Trumpler, AS 
appomtments and evaluations 
comml;Slonrr, said , " rudents are so 
,lp.llhl'tIC on thiS r.lInpus; \\ hen the 
AdmllllStralion tJkr~ ,1\\'<1)' our p.lrktng. 
we don'r 5;.1)' .mythlllg I hac ..trt' rl,lce~ 'tudc,m ItneJ h£l/c()nI£S (U Chiller Ihal1l1l1g, "hert/ont , F,cct/Ont '" jor South AJnw 

UC D, when the issues were not 0 
distant, when what we did Jffecred 
every student on campus. The gathering 

• CONTINUED 0 PA<!.E Q • 

• 



Sit, yell, stand, and MARCH to divest 

Following a noon rally at the gym steps at UCSD, 1,000 people 
marched to "Winnie Mandela" Library to begin a it-in. 

We are sitting in because we oppose apartheid . We insist that the 
RegeJ1 ts of the University of California stop supporting the racist and 
l)ppreSSIl'e government of South Africa. Toward this goal we want the 
RegeN:; co meet the following demands: 
We the undersigned demand: 
(1) that the Regents of the University of Californ ia discuss and decide 
upon divestment at a May 16-17 meeting and that the Regents divest 
the entire $2.6 billion of investments in companies that do business 
with South Africa. 
(2) that the University hold a public foru m in the first week of May at 
which the University and community at large can discuss the issue. 
(3) that the charges against all anti-apartheid demonstrators be dropped . 
(4) student control of UC Regent Investments. 

Since the rally at noon Wednesday, 1,200 UCSD students have signed a 
petition with these demands. Thursday at noon we will march to the 
Chancellor's Office to present him with these petitions. 

We send our support to our fellow students and other people in 
South Afnca who are strugghng for theIr freed m. We are working in 
conjunction with students and faculty throughout the UC system and at 
other UnIversmes. 

We InVIte anyone in the communIC)' who opposes apartheid to come 
and JOin LIS 

EDITOR: PHUP ~ 

R"/I) I'hVlO' by 
Rob Fned .. ntlllil. 1",h"(1 Wed. Kmll roley. 
POlll ReJlllOIlJ, R" h PCtJ"h, R"ger MOtu"" 

NEWS tDlTOR: VoN 'WM»WF ASSOCIAlE NEW5 EDITOA: PHl ~ 
CONTNDUnMG NEWS EDIY'C*S: lILYSNrJ:O(. RENtE 'WINO< 

OPINIONS EDITOR: MAmtIW J. CI\OItN PaSPlCTMS EDI1OA: ~ CNQ£ 
COPY EOITOA: ,Wj fWWf IIHOI'O ~ ROO FNEDENnW. 5I'()A1S EDI'rORc ~ ~ 
ARTS EOIT~: NIOO['W I<EELfJ\ ASSOCIAlI AATS EDIfOAa OM YCUIG 

, .... " .... - .. , ...... - ................................................... -....................................... , ............ _ ............... . 

GPAPHIC ARTISTS: JCBj A5fI.EE. TQO.\ ~ 
PHOTOGRAPHERS: JOHN ASH.££. K£\'lN FOlEY, DA~ ~, f\OGO\ w:lNP()t AlGi P!C.W<. NIC1f 

SOffiEY, JOSt«JA \\/Ell 
STAFF WPJTIJU: .'MTT~, MMK !NJTENOE!\G DEDI COHEN, JCW.I FOASDffiG, NO\fA HNWON, ~MlJ .. 

VAN HlJI'CHlNSON CHl\ISnNA MUS. I\OO£I\T LEONE, SUZANNE UFSON. LISA PAIKIN. JOIi'j 
SCHACHT, KATHLEEN SCHOU [W1J)AA,I, ST£.AI\NS ~ Sl!.UVAN LAJJI\IE VOUQN, DAWN 
WANlJN[I\ 

. " . ,.,. 

PASTE· UP ARTISTS: JOt+j ASHLEE, lJILJl\£N Coml~Y, TO'.\ McDONAlD. SHAI\ON NGOI. AW50N PINSKY S£AN 
'WAGS'Wf 

TYPESETTERS: KEN RN. JN4 ~, PHUP L,tU)EJ\ DNIEI. THOMt.s 

Thursday, Apnl 25, 1985 5 

The nukes are creeping up (interconti nental) exchange. Here again, I think It would be a matter of days, only a maner of days, before there would be that escalation." 
Both Hiram Maxin , the inventor of the machme gun , 

and the Wnght brother_ thought they had invented 
By DAVID T. MOUTOUX 

The greatest threat facing this nation , as well as the 
world , is the threat of nuclear war. In 1946, Alben 
Einstein made a Simple, yet unusually profound 
statement. He S<\Id, "The unleashed power of the atom 
has changed everything, save our modes of thinking, 
and thus we drift toward unparalleled catastrophe." 
The problem and the solution to our current dilemma 
hc within this simple statement. The problem IS our 
mode of thinking, and thus we dnft The solution IS to 
ch,mgc the former. Simple, and )'et we have allowed 
this drift to occur, and allowed a ruinously expensive 
and pelilously dangerous arms race to continue 
because we have fatled to understand the significance 
of Einstein's words. "Everything has changed ," but the 
way we think about war has not. 

Suppon for this drift toward catastrophe is founded 
on at least two illusions. 

The first is the illusion t!:tat stockpiling more nuclear 
weapons will increase our national securiry. In 1950, 
American statesman George Kennan noted that If 
nuclear weapons "represent only a burdensome 
expenditure of funds and effon," then we should "hold 
only the minimum required for the deterrent-
retaliatory purpose ." What th~n , is sufficient for 
assuring complete and reciprocal devastation? For 
deterrence? All the explosive power unleashed during 
the Second World War, including the bombings of 
London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Dresden, Leipzig, and the 
two atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and 

agasaki, is roughly equivalent to three megatons-or 
three million tons of TNT explosive yield . The nuclear 
weapons in the hands of JUSt the two superpowers are 
equivalent to roughly 18,000 megatons, or the 
firepower of 6,000 World War lIs .. At present, the 
United States has about )0,000 nuclear warheads and 
the SOViet Union about 23,000. Both arsenals have 
become so redundant, have achieved such a vast 
overkiU potential, that a discussion of their increase In 
number becomes an absurdity. 

More disturbing has been the qualitative increase in 
both arsenals. With the development of highly 
accura te, fast-delivery weapon systems like the 
Pershing lI, we have lo",ered the anack time to six 
minutes and placed both Sides on a "hair-trigger" alert. 
In fact, these new weapons ha\'e actuaUy decreased our 
security It is as if the twO countries are In a duel, theIr 
pIstols drawn and 31med at each other's hedds-
hammers cocked. 

The second Illusion is that nuclear war Will never 
happen, that sane leaders of both countries will 
skillfully avoid confrontation and maintain peace by 
posturing and threatening. There is a certain 
lI1evitability to World War Ill , however, given our 
reliance on the military panacea. 

Every President since Harry Truman, with the 
possible exception of Gerald Ford, has considered the 
use of nuclear weapons at least once during his 
presidency. President Truman threatened their use in 

19~6 against the Soviet Union, in 1948 over the Berlin 
crisis , and in 1950 in Korea. President Eisenhower did 
the same in 1953 in Korea, in 1954 in Viet Nam, and 
in 1958 in both the Middle East and China. President 
Kennedy considered the use of nuclear weapons in 
1961 over another Berlin cri sis,. and in 1962 over the 
Cuban Missile CriSIS. Presidents Johnson and ixon 
both considered thr use' of nuclear weapons in Viet 
'\lam. In what is now known a the "Carter Doctrine," 
PreSident Caner threatened to lise "any means 
necessat}, including milltat} force [0 halt pOSSible 
onet C\panSl0n m the Persmn Gulf reglOn.\nd the 

R 'ag,tn ·\dmmIStr.1lhln h,IS adl)pted ,1 nllclc,lr '\\,1r-
lighting" pohcy which , <KLOrdln~ to SeaL'tJty of 
r. fen<;c Wt'mherger, ·cn,ure' OUI prq)an.?dnr~s to 
tl'~pond tl) • Ild, II neceSS<ln, successfully fight t'lther 
LOIlVC'I1t111n,ll or nULleJr war" This kll1d of C\CeSSl\'C 
rehance on nudear weapons m our mliltary plannIng 
and foreign policy IS nothing less than a prescnption 
for disaster. 

Both the Soviet UnIon and the United Swtes have ~ 
number of "Vital Interests" around the world which 
they have pledged to defend . The possibiltry of a 
con flict of Interest ar1~ing In one of the Third World 
wuntries, pantcularly In C.entral Amenca and the 
Middle Ea t, cremes n dangerous pou:ntlal for 
superpower milttary confrontation. A given inCident 
might not he sc[[led on irS own mems, but instead be 
treated as J pOSSible political loss or gaIn for ellher 
COUntry. It would be seen as a loss or gain of influence 
In other incidents of perhaps greater purport thaI 
might anse in the future. World War I is a good 
example of a war that preCi pitated from an inCident 
whic h, taken by Itself, didn 't justify war-cenainly not 
total wur. 

The introduction of Soviet jets into Nicaragua , for 
example, or some other small provocation could result 
in a local ized war which might draw in the two 
superpowers and lead to a conventional war between 
the two countries, When one side staned to lose, 
escalation would occur. For who believes, with 53 ,000 
nuclear weapons, we would engage each other's forces 
in some kind of partial contest. In a recent New Yorn 
Times interview, General Bernard Rogers , the supreme 
allied commander for NATO, was quoted as sayi ng: 
"Under today's conditions, I'd have to request fairly 
soon the release of theatre nuclear weapons if a 
conventional war broke out in Europe. I do not believe 
that you can have a limited war in Western Europe. 1 
do not believe you can fight long with nuclear 
weapons without escalating to a ~trategic 

Doonesbury 

the weapon to end war-the ulumate deterrent. 
Tragically, just the opposite happened as was 
demonstrated during World War I and World War 1I . 
Accordmg to OTVllle Wright, ' When my brother and I 
built and flew the first mJn-carrying flYing machIne, 
we thought we were IntrodUCing intO the world an 
Invention that would make further wars practicall}' 
ImpOSSible." 

History shows the folly of hopIng that each new, 
more destrucuve weapon will end war. And yet we 
dare to hope that thiS time it Will be dIfferent Nu lear 
weapons are so much deadlier than anything befme, 
that we pretend World War III will not happen, 

The fact that four decades have elapsed since 
Hiroshima and Nagasaki without another world war 
has reinforced this belief-that deterence works. But 
the real question is not whemer nuclear weapons have 
postponed World War Ill. The real question is whether 
they have eliminated its possibiliry forever. It can only 
happen once. 

In short, war has become obsolete as means for 
solving international differences. Alternatives to war 
must be cultivated if we are to survive. In immediate 
terms, there should be massive reductions in both 
arsenals. Whatever the means, whether it be START, 
SALT, Build-Down or a ComprehenSive Test Ban, 
reduction has to be accomplished. Bold unilateral 
initiatives are reqUired from both countries, each 
contingent upon reciprocity. Challenge the Soviets to 
match us in our methods for peace as they have in our 
methods for war. The task of institutionalizing peace 
represents mankmd's ultimate challenge, the challenge 
facing our generation. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

TONIGHT, WE'VE Gor AN 
ElCCLU$IIIE PR IIIEW OF 
5TEIIEN 5PIEL6eRG'$ 

,'Il.$0, ,'IN INTGRVI£W 
WITI-! THE 6A~~ER~, THE 
Ji(6'/ 6RIP5, AND THE 

I16~T 80~'S, WH~TEvER 

BOy, A GUY 
COULC} I?IlOwN 

VII~ITI N G 1=01< 
'YOU "ENTER TIIIN- ~r:I1n, 

, THE COMIC ~ 
COM IC 900k' LATEST OPU S, 

"JAWS FOI,IR. " 

/ 
WE'VE Gor 

INOe:PTH INTEI<VlEWS 
WITH THE ()IIlECTOR , 
THE WRITERS, AND 

THe ~rAR5 1 

TI-IEY ARE! 

~ ANOUM , 01'1 YEAH . 
Al.SO TONIGHT 
Ai LOOk' AT 

SOM/:: Evil 
COMIC BOOK 

",ERII:::S OR 
SOME: THI N G· 

MENr TONI(9HT " 
PE:OPLE! 

I . ). ) ~VA,"A8Le AT ... 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Avenue 
an Diego, CA 92117 

Open 7 Da 's 

(619) 483·4853 



6 Th ursday, Alml 25, 1985 

There is no time 
ByBECCIBENWITI 

"Mind over matter." A wonhless bit of 
advice 10 Ihose of us such as myself 
who are skeptical aboUl the exislence of 
Ihe physical world . Si[[ing here 10 Ihe 
Pub, watching the undenone drone , I 
seriously question the phYSIcal reality of 
the scene. I feel hke an independent 
entIty, unquestionably isolated from 
everything in this environment. A mind 
hovenng in an intangIble vacuum- In a 
posillon to observe, without being 
observed . 0 one can see me because 
no one is here . This IS all a generic 
mIrage. The independent mind IS itself 
removed , untouchable , protected by an 
Impenetrable barrier. Real truths and 
characte ri stics of whal Is can only be 
found WI thin the confines of the mind's 
enclosure. W hen [ look at people, my 
mOllve IS often nO[ to Initlclle 
conversation , but rather 10 estabhsh a 
dIrect mind to mind connection. The 
puret form of communtcallon-stanng 
Ihrough someone's eyes to meet their 
p!>)"Lhe. the core or nudeu!> of one's 
being. 

Indlvldu.ll minds ftll the Pub toda),-
thaf~ It. Eve!} thing eL, e I ornamental 
hgmen'311on • \\'lrllng Image~ that ~et ofT 
Lt1se ~en allons '>en'-lllons- mcrel) 
reaCllons to what wc perceive and 
hehcvc to be solid objects or phYSical 
representations of reahl}' My convl(;(lon 
denies that anything is real except 
the mind. Invlslbdll) and mind to mind 
bonding is so easy and salisfymg to 
achle\'e In thiS sy!>tem-the system IS a 
bIg scheme-one that showers we 
eXlsllng minds WIth torrential floods of 
false phenomena 

Deftnlng eXlSlence usmg phYSical 
terms (i e., existence IS the Stale of 
being "abve: nonexistence is the state 

of being "dead") is, therefore, an 
inaccurate application of terms. "Alive" 
and "dead" are irrelevant adjectives 
when it comes to my understanding of 
what happens to people . who are, In 
fact, only minds . Alive and dead refer to 
things cal1ed "bodies"-whl h do nO[ 
exiSt In any permanent form. Life of a 
so-called body IS extremely temporaty. A 
prccarious eXIstence of something with 
which the mind should not be preo cu-
pled. Forget about it. Death is only the 
annihilation of an Image. It has nothing to 
do with Individuals. Beings remain active 
and inviSIble always. just as they are now-
today in the Pub . Congregating minds-
around a col1ectl on of timeless canoons, In 
an on-going omnipresent barrage of diS-
tracting attractions Tum off the receptors 
occaslOnal1y Expenence the Being of being 
WIthout. Existing only in your private omit 
The body illusion dlssoh'es . .md the mmd 
mIgrates to Its m~t reahsflc level-the 
realm of unadultured reahlY 

What IS thc moral of this dIscourse ' 
Time IS a self-de~tructlve lonccpt-If 
one tnt"!> 10 keep track 01 It Pemts. 
dectric leaf blowers, .lOd micro\\ave 
popcorn are all 1deas wneOLtcd wllh 
the norlon of "sa\'lng lime" III m1l1d 
Save tIme for what] uppn<;edly, the . 
more lime one can 53\1'. the more lime 
one ha~ to think of ways 10 save more 
time [I is an ImpOSSible wsk slllee time 
IS nor measureable. [[ I an unending 
connnuum Minds are dl,tributcd along 
II, like wundry on the line Images fly b} 
and about, like birds. Some Stay· awhIle , 
others dIsappear on theIr own accord . 
Forget the nmr fa tor. Kick back, revel 
in psy hologic\1 autonomy .. and enJoy 
the birdshow. Hanging onto time IS nOt 
wha t keeps laund ry on the hne. 

Distinguished Faculty Author 

Dr. Richard Madsen 

Co-authored with Robert William M. Sullivan, 
Ann Swidler, and Steven M. TIpton 

.-_____________ Inilie ______________ ~ 

University Bookstore 
April 26, 1985 

12 noon to 2 pm 
Please Join Us! 452-3844 

ncefrfr~lf~nceilitcelf~n<e;ttfr®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®{ti 
fr®lf~letterSn®ilit®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf~n®frfr®lf 
Conservative dupes 
Editor: 

I fi nd it fasci nating that [WO members 
of UCSD's p rogressive conservative 
community have been able to identi fy 
and interpret the historical Significance 
of the Contra's actions in Nicaragua. 
C G. A1ario and C Schnaubelt should be 
commended for their perceptiveness. It 
IS only through their writ ings in the 
Guardian that I realized thaI the Contras 
were fighting for more than a return to 
the good old days of Somoza. Alario and 
Schnaubelt assure us that the mighty 
Contras are fighting for freedom in the 
same way as Cal Wonhington, Colonel 
Sanders . and even Bernard Goetz. 

e.G. Alario's deSCription of hIS trip to 
the Contra "Freedom Camp" was 
moving. It was there that he realized the 
nobleness and wonhiness of the 
Contras and theIr cause. I Imagine 
sitting around at night roasting 
marshmallows with the Contr..ts and 
dIscuss ing Anstotle, Adam muh. and 
upply-side economics, gave Al,lrio an 

1dea of what the Contras are all about. 
Yet no doubt th.lt the comic book 
editions of Mc," Ka mpf lying ,Iround 
theIr campsite gave Alano an ('yen 
ckarer picture of the VI Ion and pun!)' 
of the Contra, 

Schnaubelt equates capItalism and 
private property with freedom He 
,hould stan a campaign to .lId the 

lcaraguans III their struggle for 
freedom. Students at UCSD could 
donate their BMWs, VCR's , and penny 
lu..tfers to the VIctims of soclahst 
repression in Icaragua. 

[t IS only when the valiant Contras 
sta'mp out and destroy the tyrant 
Sandinistas that the people of NIcaragua 
w111 be free. They can then join their 
"brethren" III Guatemala, Paraguay, and 

Chile; where everyone owns a VCR and 
a pair of argyle socks. 

Too many reds 
Parking Depanment 

Serge ~dina 

Ms. j. Young brings up a very good 
point III her letter about the present 
parking situalion on campus. W here the 
hell does the parking depanment gel 01T 
painting over the already scarce yellow 
(5) parking spaces at Third? I abhor this 
asinine move by Ihese people , 
pan icularly when the ye llow spaces are 
already the most scarce type of space on 
campus. Near Revelle. there exists a 
sufficient amount of non-yellow spaces. 
However, if someone from the Warren 
Apartments, which is one of the fanhest 
facil it ies from the center of campus, 
WIshes 10 drive 10 Revelle and has only 
an S permit, he or she is SImply stuck 
and has to scttle for spaces near Third 
or some obscure place where it's not 
eve n wonh the dnve In the fi rst place. 
. [n Ihrre ~eparar(' lOIS ncar Peterson Hall. 
there arl' often scemtngl} endless rows of 
red Sp.ICCS. uno,:cuplcd and rylng out 10 
palll1ed ydlmv. Yet , receml) In onc 01 
the lots . the remaining. valuably needed 
)'cllov. sp.lces were viciously painted 
over, green as I recall. 

ThiS Imbal.mce tn parking facility 
cannot be lwerlouked .md those who 
have plunked down thei r hard -earned 
cash only to be treated unfatrly in thIS 
matier must do something about It. I 5:ly 
thaI. those who agree WIth me, many of 
whom arc reading thIS and noddtng 
[heIr heads in realization, should fo rm a 
petition and set [his thing straight. I for 
one did not pay over seventy dollars 10 
be screwed ove r. I demand equal 
parktng TIghts and reasonable 
availability of each type of space. 

Man Reiser 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
Financial Aid Deadline 

1985-86: 

MAY 1, 1985 
This is a reminder to all who want to be 

considered for financial aid for 1985-86. The 
deadline to complete your fmancial aid file to 
be considered for aid for all three quarters of 
1985-86 is May 1, 1985. It is your 
responsibility to know the required 
documents and submi t them by this deadline. 
If your file is completed after May 1, you will be 
considered for winter and spring quarter 
financial aid only. Depending on the 
availability of funds , late applicants may not be 
fully funded. 

Student Financial Services strongly urges 
you to complete your file as soon as possible to 
be considered for fall quarter aid, thereby 
avoiding the inevitable last minute rush . 

DO IT NOW! 

,f , 

fRIDAY 
6 to ~ 5 to Midnialf 

11X 
•• 

SATVRDAY 
5 to Midniaf., 
lFiesU Finale! 91X 1.oaI Heloes- Ni&hI 'VIIIYI w.s" Ni&ht 

$4.91-AI rides FlEE So. ~ hotIeIt new bindI Come Ride Under the SUn 
Don't miss it Mojo ..... $2-5DSU, $lGen. PubIc 

The Nut the SteppI Devoc:un Dance Band 
u.s of Motion Rave UpI . PIa,........ New~ 

1heSae ....... _ NE-1 

The Eyes 
Luna 

.A Uve Bands, Rides, Games, Food, Beer.A Haunted House, and Fireworb. All ProceedI to benefit Camo Able 
AZTEC BOWL APRIL 25, 26, 27 ~ 

Far· IIIOI'e WannIIIan cal 265-4632 AMOCIATED SYUDDWS SOSO 
TIckets avdable at all ncketmasten 

Tbtnlrlng About Law School? 
- Some Places St11l Available In Fa111985 

Entering Class 
- Mid-Year Class Starting January 6. 1986 
- Substantial ScholCJ11h1p Money Ava11able 

Why California Westem 
School of Law? 

- ABA Accred1ted Since 1962 
- Cooperativ. Legal Educatton Program 
- Graduate In 2. 21h or 3 Years 
- Young, Innovative Faculty 
- LocaUon In San Diego 

WItte or phOM for our IuUdD: 
CaWomia Western School 01 Law 

350 Cedar Street. San Diego. CA 92101 (619) ~9~91 

____________ State Zip __ 
Undergraduate SCbool _________ ~---
GraduaUon Date _~~-__ ___:_;_--------

Month Year 
CA'·!P()INIA WISTIIN: Innmatt •• Approaches 

To 'ec.q,tnce 1D Legal Bclucat10n 

One test where only 
you know the score. 

(Check One) 
Yes No DD 
DD 
DD 
DD 

Do you want to be the 
only one who knows 
when you use an early 
pregnancy test? 

Would you prefer a test 
that's totally priwte to 
perform and totally 
private to read? 

Would you like a test 
that's portable, so you 
can carry it with you and 
read it in priwte? 

And how about a Simple, 
one-step test with a dra-
matic color change that's 
easy to read and is 98% 
accurate? 

If you checked "Yes" to 
the above, E PT PWS is for 
you. Use it, and only you 
will know your test score. 



8 Thursday, Apnl 25, 1985 

UC budget/ divestment 

Duke warns Democrats against tampering 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacramento Correspondent 

GOV. GEORGE DEUKMEJIAN on Wednesday warned Assembly Democrats against tampering 
with the UC budget 10 win divestment, 
saying such action would be unwise and 
ineffective. In a press conference called 
to commemorate the 70th anniversary of 
the Annenian genOCide, Deukmejian 
drew parallels between the deaths of 
more than \ ,000,000 Annenians in 
Turkey and the racist apanheid system 
in South Africa today. 

But the cheerful Deukmejian, who is 
of Annen ian descent and lost an aunt in 
the massacre by Turkish troopS, 
criticized student protestors 
demonstrating for UC divestment with 
sit-ins and class boycotts. 

Deukmejian also broke with the 
Reagan Administration, saying President 
Reagan is receiving "bad advice" from 
aides who arranged a preSidential visit 
to the Nazi cemetery in Bigburg, 
Germany. Deukmejian also chided his 
mentor for opposing a CongreSSional 
resolu[ion recogmzing the Annenian 
genocide in order to maintain a military 
alliance wllh Turkey. which doesn't 
acknowledge the mCldent. 

SHOPS 
AMon Brother', Art 

Mart , 
Crown Booh 
Grt'at Earth 

Vitamins 
Homt'place 
Radio Shack 
Ralph, Grocery 

Co . 
Say-on Drull' 
S,Zt'S Unlimited 
Storm 

International 
Strou,h LIn,'n 

W"n,hou"", 

457-5908 
450-0577 

452-9775 
450- 1811 
457-4095 

455-0840 
457-4390 
587- 1652 

452-0551 

457-0525 

But Deukmejian stopped shon of 
saying whether Reagan was ill-advised 
on South Africa. adding "quiet 
diplomacl prevents anyone from 
knowing now the US is pressuring 
South {\frica for change. 

Deukmejian, who has proposed a 
13% in rease in UCs budget this year, 
said any strdtegy to hold up approval of 
the $1.6 billion budget to force the 
Regents 10 divest will probably hun the 
University more than the South African 
apartheid system. 

"I cenainly hope the individuals who 
have indicated they would do this are 
not serious," Deukmejian said . "h 
doesn't make very good sense, in an 
efTon to try to change an administration 
in a foreign country that we do nO{ 
agree with , to bring down or diminish 
an outstanding institution.ft 

Deukmejian called divestment "one 
tool that has to be considered in trying 
10 bring about change in that country: 
but he indicated it is one instrument 
the Regents may not use . 

Echomg statements he made during a 
Los Angeles press conferen e last week 

SERVICES 
Beverly Hills Savings & 

Loan Associa tion 
Cenlury 21 Village 

Realty 
Fox Photo 
Kinko 's Copies 
La lolla Village Eye Care 
La lolla Village Square 

Dental Group 
Preci~ion Apparel 
San Diego Federal 

Automatic Teller 
Scientific Skin Care 
Secu rity Pacific 

National Bank 
Sun ny Fre~h leaners 
Travel Travel La lo lla 
Young Altitudes 

Hatr Graphics 

452-5660 

455-6770 
450-1426 
457-3775 
457-1200 

455-9] 51 
452-9222 

457-2004 

455-7294 
455-0071 
450- 1113 

457-3334 

Deukmejian cited "legal rea.sonsft for nO{ 
divesting UC funds t(){aling S2.6 biOion. 

"The money that is invested is nO{ 
money that belongs to the Board of 
Regents. It is money that they 
administer as a fudiciary for the 
pension funds that are set aside for the 
faculty membccrs. and so there are 
cenain legal requirements that the Board 
of Regents also has 10 consider in terms 
of making sure that they get a maximum 
return when they invest other people's 
money: he said last week. 

Deukmejian. himself a Regent, said he 
didn't foresee any conOict of interest 
problem with the divestment vO{e, even 
though some Regents own stock in the 
same companies UC would have 10 
divest from. 

A Daily Californian anicle estimated 
that 15 Regents may have potential 
conflicts of interest. "\ would say that if 
it is (a conflict), the member would 
disqualify himself,ft he said. 

Deukmejian. whose son George is a 
freshman at UC Berkeley, endorsed 
peaceful Pr(){eSlS but lashed out against 
the 158 arrested at UC Berkeley last 

RESTAURANTS & 
ENTERTAINMENT 

Al'SOp's Tables 
Greek Cafe 

I3 .J.'s Chicago 
Pizzeria 

Falrfidd's Bar 
& Grill 

La Jolla Village 
PacifIC Theal re, 

Pippins 
amson's Deli 

T.G.!. Fridays 
Video Gallery 

455-1535 

4550662 

457-3227 

453-7831 
452-1823 
455-1461 
455-C880 
450-1554 

W ... oIl-S Oft 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 
CONVENIENCE CENTER 

V ,It. ~ Jolt. oIf 
I .. ''''' V~I.II" . 
Onw 

week. :! ~ nO{ SlIppon their effons 
when they break the rules or deny other 
students the right to pursue their 
education,ft he said, referring 10 class 
OOyC(){lS. 

The Governor would nO{ comment on 
any discussions he may have had with 
his son on the issue_ 

Comparing apanheid 10 American 
slavery, Deukmejian said he ~abhorred· 
the oppression in South Africa and 
indicated he might suppon the black 
caucuses' anti-apanheid package. The 
eight bills and resolutions propose: 
divesting state pension funds and some 
public utility monies; a ban on the sale 
of Krugerrands; a technological trade 
embargo with South Africa; and a 
resolution calling on the University 10 
cut all scientific and academic ties with 
South Africa. 

"I think we would have 10 look at 
each specific proposal (and) what are 
some of the legal issues involved: 
Deukmejian said, referring 10 divestment 
legislation. "I cenainly would be very 
supponive of any action we can 
take.ft i3 

UC protest 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE l( 
students rallied at Mrak Hal, 
renamed Bishop Tutu HaD. Bishop Tutu 
will be visiting the campus nexI week. 
UC Berkeley-In the UC's strongest 
pr(){est on the issue of divestiture, nearly 
7,000 people showed up at Sproul Hal 
at noon Wednesday. One hour later 
more than 4,000 attended a forum at 
the Harmon Gym with uc President 
David Gardner and 13 of the UC: 
Regents. President Gardner was booed 
when he addressed the srudmrs, telling 
them he could nO{ advocate any illegal 
behavior in their elTons. He said that 
students must accept the consequences 
of their actions in a manner comparable 
to that of Mallin Luther King, Jr. and 
Mahatma Ghandi when they were 
involved in civil disobedience. 

Last week, 158 Berkeley students were 
arrested during a sit-in staged at Sproul 
Hall, which was renamed Stephen Biko 
Hall. No arrestS were made Wednesday. 
UC San Francisco-The Graduate 
Student Association called an emergency 
meeting at noon Wednesday and 
decided to circulate a petition in favor 
of UC divestment in South Africa and 
present it to the UC Regents. The 
majoriry of the student body, which is 
made up primarily of medical students, 
did nO{ participate in the boycott of 
classes that was proposed for 
Wednesday. 
UC Sanaa BubaD-One hundred 
student demonsaators panicipared in a 
sit-in at Cheadle Hall until UC police 
expelled them from the Adminisualion 
Building when it closed at 5:30 pm. The 
police and ChanceDor Robert A 
Huttenback urged the srudents to leave 
the bUilding, and when they refused, 69 
slUdents were placed under arrest. 
AlmOSt all of the students were released 
on their own recognizal\Ce. 

Protesting students renamed UCSB 
-Nelson Mandela Universityft and 
appointed UC lobby Director Jennifer 
Vassos as the school's new chanceDor. 
After UCSB Chancellor Huttenback 
addre sed the students, he was 
mformed by Vassos that he was no 
longer considered Chancellor, bt.K "as 
now a visiting lecturer instead. 
UC Los AnAder- Accordmg to the 
UCLA Bruin. between 2.000 and 4 ,000 

udents protested m from of Murphy 
I I all on Tuesday. and 250 slept inSide 
the admmlstratlve ) col'iJ'1NuEi5O PAGE 9 oJ 

• 

Thu~.Apnl 25,1985 9 
N€~ 

•• ~.'. ". • • ' : .~, .' ~ •• • ;.:. '.' '.~ Yo , :;. ;-: " ::i:. .'..:' 

Faculty 
reaction 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE l ( 
today surprises me because it displays 
an awareness that is more global 
compared to the single focus of Vietnam 
of the '60s." Turning to look at all the 
tanned bodies, he said, "' expected 
students in the sunshine areas of the 
United States to care only about 
themselves." One of his studems joined 
him when class was canceled. "I am 
curious to see what the UCSD general 
student body reaction will be. Will it 

UC protests 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 8 \ 
building Tuesday night. Campus 
administrators allowed the students to 
stay in the building. purposely keeping 
campus police away to avoid any 
confrontation. Ninery students remained 
in Murphy HaD all Wednesday, but no 
arrests were made. 

Acting Chancellor William Schafer 
said he would take no action against the 
students until there is a violation . UCLA 
campus police Sgt.Jim Alexander said, "If 
they Istudentsl try to kidnap the acting 
chancellor or break windows, then we 
will take action." 
UC Irvine-I rvine's Administration 
Building was besieged by a group of2oo-
300 students who Circled the structure 
and held ooen discussions of the 
apartheid government in South Africa all 
day. 
UC Sanra CIlIZ-The student boycott of 
classes was reponed as a tremendous 
success by UCSC's newspaper, City on a 

take a tragedy like someone burning 
himself to create concern on this 
campus? Will students at UCSD reach 
OUt to others? Are we really conscious of 
what we are doing here? Will o,ye 
continue when we are not in a crowd of 
thousands? Arc: we also committed as 
individuals?" 

The nighdy newS coverage of 
yesterday's nationwide protest by college 
stud ems focused on confrontations 
between students and campus law 
enforcement. The UCSD police were not 
sympathetic 10 the damage caused by 
the protest graphics of the so-called 
"paisley anists: but they were quick to 
label yesterday's rally a justifiable form of 

Hill . More than 2,000 students gathered 
in the upper quarry of the outdoor 
amphitheater, to voice their protest on 
UC investments. The majoriry of the 
clases were canceled . A physics class that 
had a midterm during the rally was 
beSieged by a group of '00 protestors, 
who heckled the professor for not 
allowing his 15 students to panicipate in 
the protest. 

Students had a sleep-in at McHenry 
Library on Wednesday night, and some 
facu lty will be holding teach-ins for 
students boycomng class. 

UC Riverside-The AS President of 
Internal Affairs Mike Capriotti told 
students he will go to Berkeley and 
purposely be arrested to symbolize his 
protest of UC involvement in South 
Africa. A dozen students slept on the 
steps of the Administration Building on 
Tuesday night, and 300 protestors 
participated in Wednesdays 1 pm rally. 
No arrests were made. ~ 

Renaissance Faire • Music • Free Lectures • 
Open Science Labs • Aquarium Tours • 

10K Run • Art Gallery • Life flight Demonstration • 
Underwater Triathlon • Craft Show • 

Bookstore Sale • Food • Tours and Information • 
Free Parking • For more information caU452-J800 

or Dial-A-Tape S-21, 452-4636. 
- JOIN US-

protest. One police administrator said , "I 
support the intent of the demonstration, 
and am pleased to see how rational and 
well-behaved the students have 
conducted the raUy. If ~er UC 
campuses conduct their raUies in this 
manner, I would not be surprised 10 see 
the Regents move toward divestiture. 
Things could get a 10{ more heated here 
and on the O{he'r campuses if the 
Regents do not take heed to the 
students' protest: 

Students 
reaction 
< COrfflNUED FROM PAGE E: 
rally will have an impact on apanheid , 
most agreed that stud em participation 
in the evem signified a possible turning 
point from campus apathy towards 
student activism. Trumpler commemed, 
"\ don't know if this (protest) will have 
an efTect on this panicular issue, but it 
will let the Administration know that 
students are not sitting down anymore. 
There's nothing subversive about what 
we're doing here. We're just becoming 
involved." 

Tim Kim a UCSD senior in animal 
physiology. agreed: "(Apanheid) is 
something that's happening outside of 
our country. which make~ it easier for 
people to rally around . There seems to 
be a lot of uniry among students at 
other UC schools, and the students here 
feel like they're pall of a solidariry. 
There's a growing awareness at UCSD. 
despite that it seems like such an 
apathetic school." 

Kim said that in spite of the Administra-
tion's "heavy hammer," the voice of the 
stude nrc; in giving input is imponant. 

However, others were not so 
optimistic. Eric Anderson, a UCSD 

One of the college deans said, "This 
is good for UCSD. The issue is that not 
enough of the campus is completely 
educated on the horrendous things 
happening in South Africa.ft A faculry 
member next to him said, "The mass 
media is trying to soft-sell this as a 
morality of social pr(){est. This is not 
just a product a student can buy and 
wear as a symbol of their involvement. 
The commitment must come from 
within each individual: CJ 

sophomore, said the raIy will have litde 
effect on the UC Regents because it will 
only "wake up the Regents, not change 
their minds.· 

This represents the prevalent attitude 
that the UC Administration rarely listens 
to the stUdent body and, in the case of 
US investments in South Africa, that the 
Administration will be equally inflexible. 
The unification of the crowd at the 
prO{est. however, inspired new hope in 
students, illustrating at the very least that 
there still exists traces of a collective stu-
dent voice should the student body choose 
to unite behind a common cause. 

One stUdent who felt "inspired,;" by 
the Wednesday protest, Ted Skidmore, a 
political science junior, exemplifies this 
enthusiasm: "Apanheid is an imponant 
issue, and it's obvious that students 
really care about it. It's incredible. It has 
really united the people. The students 
have more voice than they realize when 
they mobihze.ft Skidmore added that 
when professors speak OUt , as they did 
Wednesday a t the rally, students are 
more likely to respond and more likely 
to take the issue at hand seriously. 

What do the students who advocate 
divestment in South Africa have to say 
to the rest of the student body? Barnwell 
sums it up: "Listen, become more aware 
of what's going on. and try to be 
empathetiC as opposed [0 
sympathetic ." ~ 

Registered Students and Post Doc's 
"Cover your Dod" with 

Sickness and 
Accident Insurance 

Studenr Premium- 553.00 
Spouse-S66.25 
Children-$66.25 

L...-_____ per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW until April 26 
--- Informorion and applications ore CMlilabie ~ ___ _ 

Student Health Center • Q-009 • 452· 3300 
Please note: I\evised de5criprive brcxtlures ore available at 
the Sludent Health Centef. The new brochlxes replace 0I"rt prior 
brochures describing the 1984-1985 UCSD Student Insurance 
PtOl"l undelwri"en by Arlonta International In5uranc:e Company 
under Policy No. Al-«)1965. Any brochlxe thor does not ~ 
the notation REV.0I\0.ED.9/ 84 AH01965 is no iongef in effecr. 

1'ra;U40 .. ~k CMt5 fw __ $IJ (reg. $/B) 
hecU40 .. ~,~ cMb fM _II $10 (reg. SIS) 

Dlm:tIolUI JIe"'" $15 (reg. S.fO) ScMIf/CIu'N ... 15 ((MIl MIt) $111 (~. S.fO) 
"""CM~" ,",,11ft $U(reg. UB) Ce, ...... ~ $" (trg. $15) 

0. /low ,..., _ $U (trg. SJ5) 
Ole /low -. _ $25 (reg. "'5) 

SpcciMi.sU in bl«lr /wi, 
" {ll1I 3e11ic~ SIIOII 

7608 Until If.sU RtL (~ Col,. IH . .. 16J) JU .55 
f'IuI »1011 (tw-rl!J U Jo/,. CuUing Co.) 7J7 fUrl 51., U .10/,. 

.5#>-1110 .56-1.15 



10 ThlO'"I(/), AI'Il/ 25, 1985 

UCSD 
protest 
( CONTINUED fROM PAGE 3, 
no sovereign n,Hion on Eanh whcrc 
thcrc i polincal strauft anon, and that 
polmcal stratlficauon I thc object and 
thc objectlvc pohL)' of the nation,ll 
govern ment," RC}'1old~ said He wcnt on 
to say th.\[ the \\'h It I' popu\Jnon In 
South AfnGl makes up only 16.1?o of 
the total populanon but takes in 66% of 
the total income You are deahng with a 
s}'stem, Reynolds SolId , that "demorahzcs 
people It demeans people , and It'S a 
system that has got to go." 

Atkin on dsited the protestors at the 
hbrary when he returned from 
Wa hmgton , but defied their attempts to 
get a finn tatemem concerning 
dIvestment. Campus radio station KSDT 
recorded hIS commems: 

"1 am totally against apanheld . I am 
disgusted with the evems that have 
o curred there ISouth Africal : he saId 
to the WIde approval of hIS audience . 
However, he added , -I'd hke to be able 
to say Imply that I was for dIvestment, 

but it i a more complicated issue than 
that, and I an't make such a sta temem 
toT1lght." 

After repeated attempt to get a 
t<ltemem from him, Atkinson 

committcd UCSD to a long battle over 
dIve tmem when he aId, -(The 
iLUanon) requires me to wait until the 

Regems have debated this issue. Pure 
and simple , you're nor going to get a 
position toda)' or tomorrow from me on 
whether the U mverslty of Cahfornia 
should dIvest " 

According to Gregg Akele , televts lon 
host of Fa l' co Face, elf-described 
"fonner bl<lck nationahst" and one of the 
key pe,lkers at Wednesday's rail)" th e 
protests on thIS campus will comlnue at 
least umll the Chancellor takes a fonnal 
stand on divestmem Akele was 
pendmg the night on the steps of the 

library, but stressed that he was there to 
suppon the decisions of the students, 
not to lead them. 

Akele's attitude at the sleep-1I1 
comrasted WIth his highly emotional 
speech which concluded with the 
march across campus. When one 
student saId he thought the peaceful 
camp-out on the library steps was 
inadequate, he replied , "Where would 
you g07 What would you hope to 
achteve?" And IT1 response to Atkin on's 
comments, he said, "I don't think it 
ponrays the kmd of leadership that 

girls will be boys 
Unisex 
is running 
rampant. 
Now you 
need the 
perfect 
1984 cut. 

Bold hnes 
cut Into a 
pseudo· 
geometric 
shape, 

Styled for 
a natural, 
tousled 
look With 

Redken ~ 
products. 

~. 
o 
A 
z 

Let us introduce you to: 
IHuntridge IHair I are ICenter 

454-0785 
We are located down Torrey Pines Rd. 
in the Summer House Inn, La Jolla Shores 
----------------------------------Bring a triend-

2 for 1 
Haircut 
$13.00 

I 
I 
I 
C 

8. 
6 
u 

I 
I 

Complete haircut, styling 
& conditioning rinse for 
the price of a haircut 

$13.00 

----------------------------------
Valid for new clients only. Man hfough Thurs With srylists TrOCI D, Peal and -<dhy 

Expires June 13, 1985 
Our work IS fully guaranteed 

people in that kind of a pOSition should 
have." 

Near the end of the rally, Akele 
summed hIS reasons for dtvestment: 
"Fifteen billion dollars of American 
money mvested m South Africa-it buys 
a lot of oPI res~lOn." 

It could not he detem1ined how many 
people honored the AS-endorsed noon-
to·twO class boycott, but turnout at the 
rally was estimated at 10·20% of the 
student population. Many of the 
spe,lkers brought members of the 
audtence to theIr feet, and chants of 
"DIvest!" and "End Apartheidl" could he 
he,\rd as far away as the Warren 
Cafeteria. 

The Regents have scheduled a vote 
on dIvestment for their June 19·20 
meeting, bur protestors are caOing for a 
change of that chedule to the Regents' 
meetlng on May 15-16 and an open 
fonlln with the Regents before that vote. 
In addition, the protestors have already 
received UC Pre idem David Gardner's 
commitment for a full repon on UC 
investments. Estim'ates of those 
investments have ranged from $1.7 
bllhon to upwards of $5 billion, but the 
most recent repons from the Da~y 
Californian at UC Berkeley place the 
amount at approximately $2.6 billion. 

According to Dr. Thomas Dublin , 
professor of hiStory, that figure probably 
represents UniverSIty endowments and 

reserves. 
Dublin concentrated hIS speech on 

the faculty and ~alled for their support 
in the divestment movement, citing 
close to 100 faculty members who 
marched in Berkeley. 

"ThIS is nor the end of our activity, 
this is the beginning," Dublin said . "I 
want to extend an invitation to al1 
faculty to Jom us in planning what we 
the UCSD faculty wi11 be doing to 
contribute to this movement I want to 
cxpress the solidarity of the faculty here 
and across the UC system. 1 urge you to 
take pan tn the vigtl and to join the 
group tomorrow to present the demands 
of the students to Chanccllor Atklllson ." 

There IS a meetlng scheduled for 
noon on Thurday in the history faculty 
lounge on the fifth Ooor of the 
Humanities and SOCIal Sciences BUlldmg 
to dISCUS faculty involvement in the 
issue. 

Accordmg to Dublin, the Academic 
Senate may express its opinions on the 
issue. On Friday. a faculty 
demonstration is planned for UC 
Berkeley, where Dublin said he hopes to 
see the suppon of faculty members from 
all of the nine campuses. Dublin said he 
hopes to see at least 100 faculty 
members openly show their support for 
the protest. He continued, "It is enai nly 
our goal to get Atkmson to express our 
sentiment." ~ 

MAKE KINKO'S 
YOUR BINDING CONTACT 

Organize reports, presentations, manuscripts, manuals 
and more, Add the professional touch with special 
bindings a.*~o's. 

~.... ·SPIRAL 

kinko·s 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, (Near Ralphs & Sav-0n) 

BUSINESS:"':.~ ~:. 
WEEKLY SPECIAL 

ARE YOU TIRED OF WALKING 
FRO M ONE END OF CAMPUS TO 
THE OTHER? 

IF YOUR ANSWER IS YES. THEN 
BUSINESSLAND HAS A DEAL FOR 
YOU! 

@)(!)~~(!!)~~~"'D(!)~~ 1:'l(!)1P~1I 
CROSSTALK XVI 

RETAIL $195_00 

114 IS OFFER GOOD UNTIL ... W 7114, 1915 

WATCH FOR OUR NEW EXCITING WEEKLY SPECIALSII 
• 
[l)1!1lS!a~~S!S!~~[!). 1l~(lI~ 1m.)!l.~'i7 (B"iJ'. 

"--;-1-

Il.aa Jl!)1!.~ /I ~. a]t1D-OO~CD 

RCC 
CORNER 

Salutations, fellow Revelllans! 
Due to popular request (by at least 
six people), we now present this 
brand new, never-before-used 
column. This colum n is designed 
to answer many of those nagging 
questions which plague us all: 
"What is RCC?" "Why did the 
administmlion do that?" "How is it 
that the cafe got such an 
astoundingly good deal on 
broccoli?" etc. We hope this 
column will soon lay to rest such 
common questions, If not, well, 
stop by the Provost's Office , orvisit 
your local recruiter. 

First, let us introduce ourselves: 
the Revelle College Council (RCC) 
is the chIef administrative branch 
of the Revelle student government. 
As such, It is responsible for the 
organization of many of the 

\'ariou~ suhcommlttees at Revelie 
(whose nJmes are also abbreVIated 
to shon, e,15} , qUite ambIguous 
acron) I11s), and to ,Ilenatn extent, 
lor the Jdmtnlstration of these 
..:ommlttec~ . RCC ovcr5ees the 
lClmmlltees and 10; the finul ,1Initer 
when questions of poltcy Mise 
I wh"e not a fundtng committee 
Itself. RCC. tn thc past. has 
allocated funds to c~rt<lIn ~tudent 
Interests. and has spollsoled 
events such a~ fund-ralsersl . 

rhe Coune" ts also responSIble 
lor representing the \ICWPOlntS of 
Revelle swdents to the UC 
Admimstr,H1on, .md, along WIth 
the ProVO~t and DeJn, Interpreting 
poltcy whtch would affect Revelle 
slUdenrs. It also retel\'es 
information affecting Revelle from 
other U 0 Committees, and, in 
conjunction with ROC (Revelle 
Organizational Commi ttee) , 
distributes this Information to 
other Revelle Committees. These 
are the people "in the know", who 
can answer your questiOns. 

"So JUSt what is going on?" you 
might ask. Well , brieny, a lot. Due 
to a shonage of room, you will have 
to walt until the next issue of 
RCl'ellatuH11 for a complete answer. 
But hopefully this WIll help in the 
meantime' 

Wh oi' /IJ jil ld Il1fO The 
Community Center (,\k a the 
Commutcr Lounge) IS a \'entable 
goldmlne of knowledge IThanks 
tll thc II1dustrlousness of our 
tntcrns , you WIll he Jble to find out 
,Ihout ,11 most ,1I1)'thmg by looktng 
at the bulletin board, the Flashtng 
Red Com puter BOMd, or the 
weekly cak'ndar l 

Another good place to find 
thIngs out b ,It your Inendly 
nelghhorhood Pnwost's Ofllcl:. 
IYou \\111 fll1d RCC mmutes pustcd 
there .l 

Also , start looktng at the Revelle 
KIOsk ('Ju~t what I .I KIosk?") for 
added ,Iltrac tlon including 
current events, pertinent slUdent 
Issues ,.tnd an mformatlon 
directoty. 

Well , that about wraps it up for 
now. Look for future issues of 
Revel/allalls (and the RCC orner) 
at better news SpotS near you 

A Revelle College Publication· University of Califomla. San Diego 

Schedule For The Renaissance F a ire 
11 :00-1l :30: Melissa Morgan , harpIst (on the stage) 
11.30-12 noon, Cuckoo's Nest , smgingldan ing (on the stage). 
12 noon· 12·30: Queen's Procession with RIchard Tihlts, emcee 
12.30-100 Mulltns Madrtgal mgers (on the ground). 
1:00-1 30. Early ~1usle En cmblc (on the stage). 
1 30-2'00' Ben Decker, juggler, perfonner (on the grounds). 
200-2.30. The RPB-sponsored Costume C,lTlteo;t (on thl' ~t<lgel 
2.30-3 00: Early I:n,~mhlc MUSIC (on thc stage). 
300-3 30. May Pole \\ Ith RIchard Tiblts 
3-30-400: 5.111 DIego Morns Jnd -word . dcmonstrJllon (on the grounds). 

m1 FILM SCHEDULE 
1100-11 20. ~"d1flullgd" and H" Art 
11 30-12 noon' As YOII Like It lAn Inrrodultilln) 
12 noon-12 40 Spll1t '?f rit e Rf IlQINH1 CC 
12.45-1 15. JIIIIII\ Cae'tir (An Introduction ) 
1.30-2 30. ROllleo alld Juller 
2:30-3 15: Power alld Corrupllon (Macbeth) 
3:20-4:00: Man and Woman (The Taming of the hrew) 

~ OTHER EVENTS 
Demonstrations and lessons with the UCSD Juggltng Club, May Pole, Costume 
Contest. face paintmg, arts and crafts (and sales) by the CA-Society for Creative 
Anachronism. Punch and Judy puppetry by Mary McKay, shows at 12, 1, 2. and 3 
pm. 

The Renaissance Fairc will take place on the grass behtnd Humanities Libmry 
during UCSD's Open House. All films WIll he hown mSlde the tent Don't forget to 
come by ,md e'<perience , I taste of the MIddle Ages. Co tumes .Ire encour,lged 

April 26: Last d,lY to tum m an "pp1icatlon lor DCJn\ Intern T he fo ur positIons 
Include RfI'I:I/<I(JolIs editor, l'\l'on Programma FJ(ult}' '>tudent I'rogr'lmmcr Jnd ' 
Commuter Progr.lmmer 
April 29-May J : ign-up, lo r MG (AlmQ~t AnythIng Goe,) WIll bt: held m the 
Rewlk Community Center 
April 30: An II1limn,d dISCU~Sll1l1 with Dr \Voodrull ahout the ongll1s 01 In<m 
I:specl ,llI)' for 810 3 tuuems. 7 pm III the Commun lt) Center 
May 1-2: T.I) · Jch~ sLrccnmg 11 .lm-4 pm In the Comm unlt)' Ce nter 
May 1: ApplicJllons forWatrrmeloll Queen \~ III be ,1\',lil.lblc In the Revelle Provost's 
Offt<:e. Be sure and pIck one up. 
May 5: THE REVELLE RE Al AN E FAIRE dUring the UC 0 Open House 11 am 
to 'I pm behInd thc Humanities LibralY. There \VIII be J costume conte t held on 
stage at 2 pm . 
May 8: Mark Wenzel- a mime ,md cntenamer, will be performing on Rrvelle Plaza 
al12 noon. 
May 10: RPB and APB are sponsoring a Block Pany at the Revelle Apanments. Free 
food , drinks and mu IC! The Pany begin at 9 pm, Don't miss It! 

Discussion With Dr, Woodruff 
On April 30, Dr. Woodruff WIll 

be conducting a ve,y mformal 
dtscusslon dealtng with the supJect 
of the orlgms of man. Blo 3 
students arc espeCIally mVlted 
although everyone IS welcome. The 
diSCUSSIOn will be held m the 
Community Center at 7 pm. 

Committee Appoinbnents 
Available 

This is your last chance to apply 
for Revelle Committees and for 
Revelle Campus-wide positions. 
Don't miss thIS opponunity to get 
involved i n your co llege . 
Applications are available in the 
Revelle Provost's Office and are 
due no later than 12 noon on 
Wednesday, May 1. 

COSTUME CONTEST 
At 2 pm during the Revelle 

RenaIssance Faire on May 5, a 
costume contest will be held on 
stage, Prizes WIll be awarded to the 
beSt female costume as well as the 
best m.tle costume. So, come. dig 
out )'our medle\'al attire and jOIT1 
us l 

ACADEMIC UPDATE 
Petitions: Did you know",? 
• SuhmlsslOn of J petition In no 
\.1)' gu,lrantet:s ItS appro\ a1. Until 

),OU hav.: been notifIed b)' the 
Provost 'S OffIce of the outcome. 
)'OU should assume that )'our 
request has NOT been JPpro\'cd. 
• Don't forgct to wrt[e your<:urrent 
Jddrcss III the sPJce mdltJtcd on 
the petltlon form Without it , you 
can't be notified of the deCISion on 
your peutlon, 
• Alter submItting ,m add drop 
card for an}' rcason , always reque t 
J cl.tss confIrmatIon at the 
Regi trar's 0 ice and CHECK 
IMMEDIATELY to venfy that the 
addl drop has heen processed 
correctly. 

* * * Rumors!! 
Have you heard the rumor that 

Revelle College is changing its 
Humanities requIrement? Well, it's 
true I But, thc change will affect 
ollly the 1985-86 IT1comlng 
freshmen. The new requirement 
will In IudI' J mandatory ubjcct A 

cour~ tTl the fall quaner (for ,10 
students who have nor passed the 
rl'qlllremcnt prior to theIr entr.tn I' 
lL1 the lInt\'cr"t}') Ihe CUrriculum 
changes W1U essentIally restore the 
original S-quaner sequence m 
HumanitIes 'Writing, and the 
OPtll)n of chooslT1g .1 ~l' ond )'t',lr 
of the Hum,\T1It1l'S or SOCIal 
"clc nces sequence \\"111 be 
n:pl,lced b), the second Yl'.l r of thc 
Hum,mltlcs sequence The nl'\\" 
HlIl11Jntlll'S scquen'e WIll .;rJn m 
the "Inter qlklrte r of 1 q 0 [with .1 
6-unit coure , [ollo\\ed b)' 
HUlmlnlllCS 2 (6 units ) m the 
pnng, <lntl Humanltle~ 3-4·5 (4 

units e,lch) during the followmg 
yearl . If you haven 't com pleted 
your Humamtlcs and/ or ubJect A 
requirements by the end of thIS 
quarter, see your academIC 
oun elor to ee how these 

changes apply to you. 

* * * REMEMBER: April 26 is the final 
day to drop classes Without a "W" 
appearing on your transeript. 



12 Thur5day, Apnl 25, 1985 

Sitting up until the dawn of tomorrow 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE, Perspectives Editor 

N IGHTEYES, cats' eyes looking into the night sky of UCSD, these tudents sitting in protest 
on the balcony of the Humanities 
Library are seeing something we could 
not detect under the bright noon-day 
sun of the anti -apartheid rally. These 
eyes are now li stening qUIetly to one-on-
one conversations by candlelight, no 
longer blinded by the bnght glare o f 
rhetoric amplified to ignite the 
consciousness of thousands. Tonight, 
apan heid IS not just a word to be 
chanted, it IS a oncept to be discussed, 
an atrocity to be banned. These eyes are 
becoming famIliar to us; we have seen 
them on millIOns of starving and 
suffering Africans. But these eyes are nOl 
broadcast by distant lands; they are here 
now. the)' are feeling now, th ey are 
understanding now, understanding that 
we are nOt alone. 

A four-year-old child Just rolled his 
wheelchair between scattered sleeping 

bags, blankets, musical instruments, 
books and other provIsions for tonight's 
vigil . On a night like this, a night all 
here wIll remember, that child's effon s 
will create more than a moment of 
sympathy; it Will become a metaphor for 
the future . Isaac is here wllh hiS mother 
Bobbl, his father Dave, and hiS sister 
DeJ3h. Bobbi attended the afternoon 
rally. "ThiS afternoon was very 
exhilarating But there 's a different 
feeling when many people are chanting 
and marching and ha\~ng a smaller 
group of very conscious people hanging 
OUL Here I feel I could ~top by and talk 
to anybody about what IS h.lppemng" 

She brought the children here, she 
!>aId, beL,lu,e , "at home we t.llk a lOt 
Jbout pOlllll' ~ , and I fed it I, g\lod for 
them [0 J-,c here to ~t:r whJt IS 
happenmg ,lnd relati ng [() the reaitty of 
pohtl(~ Deph run, ul to me [() ,ec If 
her name wtll be Included In thiS stol) 
Potntlng to her red nhbon, I ask If she 
knows wh.!t It represents She turns to 
her mom and asks what It represents. 
"Remember how we talked about slaves 
In our country In the old days?" DeJah 
nods her head In understanding "Well , 
In South Afnca, they s[lll have slavery." 

Huddled In a blanket and LeVl Jacket , 
Hillary, a sophomore In literature, says 
she is here "because we are on strike to 
pro test how the Regents are spend ing 
our money. It amazes me that the 
present Ad ministra tion doe~ not seem to 
be responding to the students' needs on 

thl'> Lampu; Reflecting on thiS 
afternoon's rall)" she compares It to the 
Ralph 'ader speech . "It seems to me 
when an Im ponant person I'> speaking 

~tudents get really excited , but when 
they leave, II doesn't seem to affect them 
m ,my long-term erfect. But what we are 
seeing tomght is the begmnmg of that 
longer effect. I am thrilled because It IS 
so hard to get the students to com mil to 
Issues." Smiling and rocking, she says, 
"Everybody has always said student 
activism IS a th ing of the past. And that 
IS easy to believe , because on a one-to-
one basIS II IS hard to see actiVism. To 

me, tonight IS proof that students are 
concerned about what IS happening In 
the world ." 

Food is betng-pas!>Cd OUt, paid fo r by 
donations by the 51 udents gathered here 
tonight and the C he Cafe . At one table 
five women are gathe red , eanng n ce 
and tofu strog.lnoff and talking about 
the women's mvolvement in the anti-
apa rtheid moveme nt. "Literature is 
beginnmg to be di stributed , revealing 
th e investments of not only our campus 
but vanous compames in South Africa: 

One woman takes notes with her 
nght hand as s he forks the food "You 

are with us in spirit," remarks a black 
female to Marion Howell, chair for San 
Diegans for Divestment Campaign 
Against Apartheid. She is a city 
employee who first brought the 
divestment issue to the San Diego City 
Council. "I think this is a fantastic 
movement that will indicate apartheid is 
coming to an end. ii's like wildfire 
spreading across the country. It will 
succeed in getting legislative support to 
change our relations with South Africa. 
It offers an opportunity for this count!}' 
to exercise what we claim we stand for." 

At another table, a black activist and a 
white male student share a peanut 
butter sandwich as they dis uss the 
political Situation in Africa. This 
afternoon , Greg Akele stood before 
thousands; now he is here one-on-one. 
The cameras may be turned off, but his 
commitment continues. Akele claims he 
is just an organizer, but the student who 
has been listening to him responds, 

"You are a teacher. You are out here 
opening our minds. This is why I came 
here to UCSD." Akele says, "All 1 hope is 
that we remember why we are here 
tonight throughout our lives. Today is a 
dear example that we can make a 
c hange." Akele leaves , and Roben takes 
a sip from his drink. '"This afternoon 
was incredible. UCSD has always been 
known as 'Apathy Tech: The afternoon 
rally represented student power. Tonight 
represents student commitment." 

The sIZe of the commitment has 
grown by about 20 people since this 
Story began. People are d nlwmg together 
to hear an update on what is happemn g 
at other campu~es Byron reports that 
San ta Cruz had a ra lly of 3,000, and the 
mayor of Santa Cruz ha., JOined the 
students. At (he Umvers lty of 
WI!>cons m , 500 ~tudents are occupymg 
the gove rnor's office [here are Slt-1I1S 
con tinumg throughout the coum ry, "and 
HERE!" the students shout. As other 
tudents give updates, the qUiet of th e 

mght seems to indivlduahze the 
info rmation and Ideas being shared 
here. They are begmnlng to draft the 
demands to be presented [Q Chancellor 
Atkinson. . 

The eyes are qU ietly hstening, turning 
to hear suggested changes in the 
content of a statement that will voice 
what has been said and felt on this first 
day. One student summed it all: "I'm 
afraid to sleep tonight. If I close my 
eyes, will I be able to wake up 
tomorrow?" ~ 

... 

Thursday, Apnl 25, 1985 13 
~Eal"es 

... :~" -eo ,. " . 

tha wrltar'g fi 

Go ahead, card me-make my day 
By PHIL lAUDER 

T HE ANAL MILESTONE is just around the bend-at least, the final milestone I'm willing to get 
to. And I'm not sure how I feel about 
that 

The final milestone, ladies and 
gentlemen, is the age of 21. If you're 
reading this and you're 46, you're 
already ticked off at me, and you've 
probably got a good birdcage that would 
appreciate the rest of this article . 

But before you get ticked , think about 
it. The first milestone is ten- ooh, a 
decade old . I had my first and last 
birthday party on my tenth birthday; I 
sent out these typewrinen-on-a-sheet-of-
white -paper invitations that said 
something like , " ... would appreciate 
your anendance at the occasion of his 
reaching one decade in age ." Yes, 
double digits. That was something worth 
waiting for. 

The next good age to reach is 13 
because, of course, that means you 
offiCially become a teenager- and the 
wonderful world of pubeny is Just ahead 
on your right. Golden Adolescence. You 
gotta love It. 

Sixteen, of course, is next. Sweet 
Sixteen, if you're a girl- plain old 16 if 
you're a guy. Sixteen means you can go 
get a drivers' license - if your parents let 
you, that is . If your parents are rich you 
get a car; if they aren:t you get a pogo 
stick. It seems to me there was 
'iOOlething else to turning 16, too, but I 
can't seem to remember what it WliS. It 
was nice, that's all I know. 

And then there's 18. Eighteen's the 
big one-you can vote, you have full 
rights to your own wages, you can work 
in a lot of places you couldn't have 

FAMOUS LAST WORDS 
FROM FRIENDS TO FRIENDS . 

"Are YOIl OK to dvive!" 
"What); a.tel(l bee)'s!" 

"Did YOIl have too 111I(('h to (iI 'illk!" 
"/'III pelfeclLyfille." 

'"All' YOII ill allY shape to (iI'iller 
"I've lIever.f(df bett(!1:~ 

"'J think you've had a.!en' too lIIalll/." 
-You kiddill, I cau drive 

LUiflt Illy e,lles closed." 

"}(m've had too I1l1tcit to drillk, 
let /lie drive." 

.. N oIxxl y dn ves J/I,1/ cny bll t /lie" 

DR .. ING AND DRIVING 
CAN KI.l A FRENDSHIR 

before you were 18, and , of course , you 
can go out and fight in a war. I never 
said 18 was all good, just that it was big, 
Eighteen is often a turning point; high 
school is over, and it's time to either go 
to college or go OUt and find a damn 
career. If you started college before you 
turned 18, reaching that age is sweet 
because you no longer have to get those 
embarrassing "Signatures of a parent or 
guardian" on those forms that release 
the University of responsibility when 
you want to go to the Zoo with your 
dorm . 

In some states , 18 is also the legal 
drinking age. That must be terrible. After 
18, it would be all anti-climactic the rest 
of the way. 

As it is in California , at least there's 
21 to look forward [0. Nineteen is 
fine - rather ho-hum , but fine . Twenty is 
the end of the teeny-bopper years. It 
has kind of an ominous sound [0 It-
"TWEN-TY"-compared to the teens, 
which all end with cute little bell 
sounds . There's nothing cute about 20, 
buddy; get off your butt , do something 
\Vlth your life. 

And finally 2l comes around . And 
look OUl world , I ain't no baby no more. 
I'm grown up in every respect, in every 
sense of the word . You can't tell me 
what to do , you can 't tell me what not to 
do. I am, somebody. I may not be tall , I 
may not be strong, but I am , somebody. 
So what's the first thing most of us do 
upon becoming responsible 21-year-
olds? We go out to the liquor store at 
12:00:00 am on our birthdays and buy a 
12-pack of something with a whole lot 
of alcohol and proceed to get as 
plastered as possible in as shon a time 
as pOSSible. Yeah, I'm grown up now, 
baby. . 

It's a reasonable reaction, in a strange, 

sordid way, of course. After years-2l of 
them, to be precise-of being faced, it 
is time for us to do the faCing. Come 
on , guy- card me, make my day. Come 
on, don 't I look like I'm a stinking 
minor? Sure I do! So go ahead , ca rd my 
butt. Here 1 am In the middle of Ralphs 
bUying a b ig fat bottle of VlnO; aren't you 
going to say a word? Don't you want to 
inflict public humiliation like you've 
done to me and all the others so many 
times? 

Your eyes look imploringly at the 
checker. Your pulse qUickens and the 
adrenaline flows as your ears long for 
the words, "I'm sorry, I need to see 
some 10." You get you're sorry, fool. 
This is it. Twenty-one years of waiting 
for this moment. 

It doesn't come, of course. At least not 
right away At least this is what I've 
heard . Just as dogs will bite you if they 
sense you're scared and back off if they 
sense you're not, checkers have a feel 
for when the person in front of them IS 
ready fo r a challenge. Yeah, thts guy's 
21 - 1 ain 't gonna touch him. 

And instead of the words, "Can I see 
some ID?" come the words, "Thirteen 
fony-six , please: and you're ready to 
sc ream. You'll probably take out your 
d rive r's license anyway and say, "Look-
see, 2I , HAH!!" just fo r the thrill of it all . 

To be frank , I'm not the alky type . I've 
been carded once-at Fairfield's in La 
Jolla Vtllage quare last year. I was with 
an older friend who asked me to try this 
drink, a White Russian , I believe . I told 
him 1 wasn't that interested , but I was 
game enough to take a couple sips. We 
discussed the meaning of the word 
"couple," determined it meant "three: 
and away I went: qUick Sip one , quick 
sip twO, quick si ... "Excuse me, do you 
have some lOr' And the rest was 

history. I swear I was going to put that 
s tupid drink down in another half-
second , but I didn't argue . I was dust-
humiliated dust. Out on my bJ,ltt I went. 
"Look, I'm sorry, but I could lose my Job 
fo r thiS." I felt like telling her off- don 't 
patronize me. "I don't want to ever see 
your face around here again ." Now, 
that's more like it. Fine with me, bitch. 

Of course , she wasn't a bitch; she was 
just doing her job, and a lousy one it 
must be. I just wish she'd started doing 
it a few seconds later. 

So 21 is a biggie. This Sunday I'll be 
able to go to any nightclub, to any bar, 
to any joint in America. Maybe l'II go 
back to Fairfield 's and visit my favorite 
waitress. Not that I hold any grudges, o f 
course . 

But after 21 , what is there? Not 
much-a V'.lst. empty void. Noth ing 
exciting about 22, or 23, or 78 , fo r that 
matter. The only thing to be noticed 
after 2I is decades, and I se riously 
doubt any o f them is reached with too 
much joy, except ma}1Je lOa because it 
sounds impressive and you get ontO a 
nationwide list of centenari ans and 
you're damn happy to still be ahve . Sull , 
2l is the final good ba rrier to cross. I 
realize tha t you can't become a US 
Re presentative unt il 25 or a Senator 
until 3D or President until 35 , but 
somehow I don 't think that fact is going 
to mJke those birthdays worth reaching. 
Just a feeling I get. 

So as 1 reach around the comer at 21 , 
I feel apprehens ive. But if I worry about 
reaching 2l , I won't enjoy reaching 21 , 
and if that's the last birthday to really 
look forward to , and I'm not looking 

' fo rw,ud to it, then I'm really worried-
which will make me e njoy it even 
less .... 

Oh God . ~ 



.' ,. ' . . . 
.... '.-, . - . 

. ,":,' ',"','.' '.,: :,,' ': 
" ~,' "" ~ '''.' : 

. ". ". ". . 
, .. ' . =, ~. : ,: .'. ' . . ' " 

.. ' ",' . . . . 

.. . , ;:. : ... ::!-.':. '.' . . ' ~.', 

Baseball faces a confusing post-season 

P laying it off 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

T he UC D TRITON BASEBALL team lOok a giant step towards the NCAA playoffs thiS year by 
upending Division III rival Whittier thiS 
pas! Saturday In a double-header, 6-3 In 
both games. 

Unfortunately for the Tmons, 
however, their fate remams largely at the 
hands of three other teams In the 
SCtAC and a panel committee made up 
of three coaches. 

Unscrambling the playoff possibilities 
IS a Imle like domg a Rubik's Cube 
bhndfolded With your toes Due to 
some questionable tactiCS on the part of 
the DiVision-leading team, and a large 
dose of good 01' politics, the situation is 
e\'en more muddled . Thanks guys. 

The University of Redlands, La Verne 
and UCSD are vymg for the two spots 
available In the Western Regionals. 
Occidental IS vmually eliminated due to 
their 0-3 record against UCSD, but they 
can still have a lor to say about who 
goes and stays Redlands, by virtue of 
some chicanery, leads the SCIAC with a 
14-3 record In DiviSIOn III . La Verne is 
second with four league losses and 
Occidental IS two down In the loss 
column. UCSD IS an mdependent , and 
therefore not in the CIAC, but can still 
be chosen by vinue of its record against 
DiVlsion III schools. The T mons are 13-
6 In Division III , but are the only team 
to have played some of the bigger 
schools from back east. Their record 
against teams m the SCIAC is 9-2 , 
however, the only losses coming to La 
Verne . They also beat La Verne twice. 

With me so (ar? Neither am I. A poll 
of coaches, suggests coach Yates, would 
show that "UCSD and La Verne ought to 
be in the playoffs-those are the two 
best teams." But Redlands had stacked 
their schedules with wimpy competition , 
and With only one DiviSIOn 1II game left 
with an SCIAC nval Cmlghry 

Claremont-m the-Mudd), Redlands 
seems to be a shoe-m to win the title . 

The Redlands coach , however, has 
tWice backed out of double-he,Iders with 
the Tritons, and because of" rain-out 
UCSD has only got to beat Redlands to 
death once. Citing his lack of pitching 
depth, the Redlands coach refused to 
pldY either double-header. But one of 
the written criteria for a team to 
participate m the regionals IS pitchmg 
depth . Unfortunately, the wmner of the 
SCIAC IS considered a must to 
partiCipate. 

Another criteria for playoff 
participation IS outside competition. 
UCSD wins hands-down here. Redlands' 
weak schedule would nonnally hun 
them If It wasn't for the fact that they 
will wm the SCIAe. UCSD is also the 
only team with 20 or more victories at 
this Juncture. 

Now for the politics. Only twO teams 
are going to go, so chances are that 
either La Verne or UCSD is going to get 
"the shaft," as Yates put it. In La Verne's 
favor, they are the defending Western 
regional champs and made it to the 

World Series last year. As for UCSD, 
they have some problems to overcome. 
First, they are an independent and the 
committee may frown on them. They 
also, according to Yates, "are not very 
popular because we are a big school 

The delivery, the set and the wind-up: Dave de Cordova's leady perjonnal1Cf has helped lead the TntollS a 22-18-1; whether thai will 
suffice to get UCSD mto the playoffs IS a morc-than-compllcated question. 

with 14,000 students." Strike two. 
As of yet, however, there is no strike 

three. In many respects the Tritons are 
in a good poSition , and Yates feels their 
best shot resides with the three-man 
committee. "They're our best hope, 
really," said Vates. "If you examine aU 
the criteria for playoff schools, we 
should definitely be going. It'll be an 
outright crime if we don't go." 

The Tritons' twO wins over Whittier 
last weekend were essential. "I told the 
guys that we needed a sweep. A split 
would have tossed us back into the 
pack," Yates warned, "and if we los t 
both, I told the players they could 
schedule their tee-times for May 8th-
the day the season ends." 

The Tritons got a complete game from 
David De Cordova in the first 6-3 
victory over Whittier. De Cordova 
pitched a six-hitter and struck out (our 
to improve his overa ll record to 6-4. 
David Mendoza and Derek Alkonis 
pitched in with two hits and an rbi 
each. The game also marked the return 
of speedster Chris Stavros, who had 
been out with a broken hand. Stavros 
will be used as a pinch-runner until his 
hand is fully mended. 

The second game marked the return 
to the starting rotation of Frank 
Califano. Havi ng made his last start 
February 28, Yates limited the right-
hander to 75 pitches, which got him 
through the fifth inning. "Cali really 
pitched well , and didn't havt' any 
sore ness, so we're real thrilled that he's 
coming back," Yates said. Califano gave 
up only four hits and one earned run in 
his stim and improved his record to 2-0 
on the year. David Stanovic h went three 
for fi ve to spark the Tritons, and Joh n 
Roseness and Bob Natal went 2 for 4 
with two rbi 's each. Dan Healy gOt hiS 
first save in a possible new role for him 
as a reliever, giving up only two hits in 
four innings of work. 

The sweep left the Tritons with their 
best record ever: 22-18-1. The Tritons 
still have 11 games left , including six 
against the number twO ranked DiviSion 
III school in the nallon, Grand Canyon 
College. UCSD will Just have to sit and 
walt the outcome of thiS last week of 
SCIA games and then wait unril May 
5 before leammg whether they have 
been selected or not. The panel 
commi ttee has It easy, though. They 
have twO weeks to ftgure OUt the pl"yoff 
mess li:3 

Bob Moss is an action-packed guy 

Snap, Crackle, Pop 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE 

I N THE FINAL SCE E of the movie Blowup, a phOtographer watches a troupe of mimes pla)'lng 
a game of tennis without using balls or 
rackets. At first the pholOgrapher and 
the audience are merely fascinated by 
the odd exercise of the mimes. But as 
the mimes become more profiCient with 
their movements, the photographer 
experiences a reality breakdown-his 
mind proVides the Sight and sound of 
the ball-creating a perfect game of 
tennis. 

If Bob Moss, UCSD Athletic 
Depanment's expert and advocate of 
psycho-cybernetics, were watching 
Blowup, he would compare the tennis 
scene to his "audio-tonal rhythm" 
technique , just one of the many 
methods he uses to enhance a student 
athlete's self-regard and onfidence. 
·Pow!" Moss bellows with his 285 
pounds of enthusla m "Dunng the first 
week of my tennl classes, I focus on 
assertiveness In uthlellcs. By playmg 
tenniS without balls, vocahz lng the 
sound of a hit, 'Pow!', the student learns 
to hear the sound of success. They 
develop a rhythm of movement Without 
hesitating to worry about how they 
look" 

Moss-Cess (Moss process) activities. -If 
you listen to the tape recordings of a 
serve-toss back, pause, pow!-it can 
become ingrained You can use this 
mental imagery when you're silting in a 
chatr, or do it acuvely by playing the 
recording and watching yourself in a 
mirror. Or you can PUt the tape 
recording out on the court and serve a 
dozen invisible balls." Professional 

basketball player AI Woods used this 
Moss-Cess of listening to a recording of 
the stadium announcers exclaim "AI 
Wood is on fire'" to pull himself out of 
a slump. 

Moss sees SpOrt slumps as a metaphor 
of our lives It is not enough to just 
inject more self-assurance and 
enthusiasm on the court or field . To 
Moss, SpOrts IS like a signature of who 

In the 13 years Moss has been 
conducting his self-confidence and 
laughter workshops for the Athletic 
Depanment and hiS Sports officiating 
program, Moss has expanded upon this 
technique with other Sight and sound 

"Pow, " yells Bob Mo,s, UCSD AthlellL Department 's expert advocate of psycho-cybernetics. 

ife 
. IP 

CopIoi1I Dltk aad HilSe_: (jroru,'-r)KMII Yost, ~ "c.po.. Dd"l<ml. Sam .. l1ot Mo. " ox."". A,."./IQ,"",", 
DIM G""''', joc /Jtstdmo, IJGw kltltl. 0lIIl., ,.,) _. SwD. AIIrn G4>_h. 51 ... OtnpIoI<, AM Pafttna, ..... T ...... Stew 
T.,m. Not PteI.mI. Ano!Y McWirtn. 

CAPTAIN DICK AND HIS SEAMEN 

The Wesl Coasl and Califomla m pameular are not a hotbed for hockey. Hockty IS pI.I}ed back EaSt 
and In Canada. whell' ponds fll'eze over and you gtt your skates and sticks out and hit the puck .around 
So It goes wlthoUl saymg that UCSD is no! a school with any hockey talem 

Well , 1£ you think thai you're definitely wrong' ThIS pdst wtekrnd . UCSD's "'pll'semauvr ledlll. 
ptaln Dick and HIS Seamen, panlclpated In the 4th Annual C.hromla noor Ilockey Tournament 

hosted by UCSD. UCSD teams have not fared tOO well m past loumamcnts BUI thiS year U D caplured 
the mi. by defeatmg UC Santa Barbara b-I In lhe title g;une 

The .. guys pl.oyed hockty with Ihe speed and grdtr of Ihe Islander; OITenslvt>1y they were Ird by 
(,rcl>ky-hke Ann Pahma and Davr Gll'mer, who both had the accuracy of a sharpshOOter DefenSIvely 
the DICks rched on dancing Steve Kent and KevIn Yost Thty could ha"" stopped Ihc RussIans on • hOI 
mghl BUI UCSD could not have won Wlthoul SJm O·Kan. protecungthe nelS hk •• Wild hon protecting 
lIS young lie makes Billy Smith look hke a Sle" 

Ongr.I ulallons guys on a VictOry "",II deserved 

OPEN 
7 DAYS 

& 
NIGHTS 

• GOOD 
THRU 
5-2-85 

Thursday, Apnl 25, J 985 IS 

you are and how you feel A person 
cannot work out all day, so Moss 
suggests we Improve our self-Image 
through l'lUghter "Bio-reflectl ve 
feedback" IS Moss' [enn for Identlfymg 
the gesture related 10 a skill or attitude. 
Moss asks hiS stude nt~ to laugh with 
abandon and zeal, the crazier the better 
He then takes a polarOid phl1wgraph of 
them as they laugh The phow IS then 
used to "remmd them of the moment 
when they felt uncondltlonJIl >' 
successful wllh themselves." If you are 
skeptical towards laughter as a poslllve 
remedy for hfr's slumps, JUS! taU and 
hs!en to Moss'answenng machine 
record mg. In a time when mental power 
mystiCS are charging hundreds to 
thousands of dollars to teach people 
how to get turned on to life by walking 
on fire or yelling at strangers. a 20¢ call 
to Moss will yield a genuine feeling of 
well-being. 

$ 00 

Umit 10 Per Customer. 
Special Purchase-

American Made 5(]l, 
Cresl9n Acrylic. 50% 

Cotton, Crewnecks 
• Pants. Adult Sizes 
• Compo Value $12 

• Latest Hottest Colors 
• Factory CNerruns • 

Some Slightly Irregular 

We Guarantee 
The lowest prices 

on all major 
sung lass brands of 

any retail store, 
Ray Ban. Vuamet. 

Suncloud. Gargoytes, 
Carrera, etc. 

Old ToM! 2461 Son Diego Ave. 
~~.:. Old Town Cafe) 692-0069 745 First St. (Lumbelyord 

ShoppIng Center) 942-0337 
La JDIIa 1030 TOI1'8'( Pines Rd. 

(Next to Yogurt A/folr) 454-8006 
(:/QiNmOnI 4675 Clolremont Dr 

(ClOiremont ShoppIng Center) 272-8808 
La Meea 55X) Grossmont Center Dr 

(Grossman! ShoppIng Center) 697-M97 
Chula VIlla Domy 1'5 1140 BroadWay Ptlce 

Bazaar 422-6362 
San Ylldro 727 E Son Ysidro BNd. 
(McDonald's TrOlly St.) ~22-45'1O 

hcondldo 1321-H Eost Volley PoIkway 
(Escondido VIllage Mall) 743-6762 



16 Thu,Sllay, Apnl 25, 1985 

W HAT A DlFFEREN E a week can make. Onl)' seven days after plaYll1g unorganized , 
confused water polo at their own 
lOurnament, the TrilOn women travelled 
to the Stanford tournament and turned 
thmgs around. 

On April 13 In .In Diego. U D 
stumhled and bumbled their way !l) 
three dl appoll1ll1lg ]o.;ses .It the 
Tmon Sunset In\,II.lIIonal. The) turned 
thl' b.lll over, g,\\'c up 1'.IS} goa);, and left 
coach Denm H,lrprr sl[(lng c.llml) on 
the hench Whl'n H.II-pt?r IS slttlng 
calmlv on the bench, JOU knO\\ thmgs 
aren't gOl)d . 

So over rhe course of the nCAI few 
da),-, the ream regrouped Game plans 
were revlS{:d and roles were redefmed, 
The results were apparent IInmediately 
The next Wednesday, the Tmons 
played well in a 9-7 wm over the Sunset 
18 and Under men's club team. They 
handled the ball bener, got back on 
defense and prompted Harper to stir 
around a li ttle on the sidelines, yelling 
at his team, the referee and the 
score keepers. In essen e, things were on 
their wa), back to normal. 

On e in Palo AlIO, UCSD gOt in gear, 
fina."y playing well enough 10 get Harper 
talkll1g about a national championship. 
The Tritons, who finished fou rth in the 

Kicking Around 
By DUNCAN MILLAR 

Coach Denny Harper, chinking about a natIOnal championship and Bruce Spnngsleen. 

·x -...~. oM ~"'*9"<y.y .. ~.;.-.: 1;.. )~ 

nation a year ago, opened the 
lOumament with wins over ranford "B" 
5- 1, and UC DaVIS 12-3. The next day: 
San Diego fa ed Californta's club team 
in a non-counting game, and fell 7-3. 
Neven hcless, Harper wa , h.l~lCally . 
pleased WIth the perfolmance. "Cal had 
10 work hard for ever)'thlllg they gol. 
Some 7-3 games arc routs . hut th !s W,IS 
a good game." lext, UC 0 faced UC 

,\I1ta Bam.lra, whlLh had bcalcn rhe 
Triton~ by 9-3 and 11-4 scores .ll read~ 
thiS season. While San Di(~go L.II11C J\\'a} 
with yet another loss to the Gauchos, 
the game w'as close, enumg 7-5, 

"We were fired up about this game." 
s:ud Harper. "We gOl really ps)'c hcd up 
It was an Imense game, a gursy 
pcrfonnance. a remarkable 
improvement. I was ecstatic. I feel that 
we can beat anyone." Harper was 
pleased wi rh the thi ngs he saw. 

After suc h an emotional game, UCSD 
had all of 45 mi nutes to recuperate 
before jumping back in rhe pool against 
Stanfo rd "A: which had played just one 
game that morning. Predictably, Stanford 
won 11-5 , :!lthough their lead was only 
5-3 at halfrime. 

So UCSD fini shed the tournament 
with a 2-3 record , which was good 
enough for third place in the founeen 
team field. Il:il 

The puc stops here I 
By lARRY CHU 

I T TOOK FOUR YEARS, but finally Scot! Berndes can get a good night's sleep, Nightmares 
of sub-stellar performances by UCSD 
entries in Berndes' annual UCSD-hosted 
hockey tournament have fina lly 
subsided . And It'S all thanks to a bunch 
of seamen ... 

afternoon with the eamen faCing off 
against cross-town competirion from 

D;U and USD in the "San Diego 
Bracket." As the first game went on, 
teams began ro arnve from all over 
California (a nd one surprise emry from 
Arizona). This year's tournament 
artracted teams from UCSD, SDSU, USD, 
Arizona State University, Cal Poly- an 
LUIS Obispo, the Claremont Colleges, 

hal \\,,1)' through the game After a 
col1!r<lH'r;i,11 gl1,ll and 12 Il1ll1urc, f 
,cNrit:- pl.lY the g,lme l'nuct! 1'1 ,I I-I 
dC.ldlock forLing ,I 5udul'n dl.',lIh 
OV("f1l me pe rwd 

In Ihc extr;l penod L CSD, "'-'m line 
t..t,lll) O'Kane g,1\'e IlCW mc,JI1l1lg III the 
\\ort! "awc~()me· (dude ) keeplllg the 
Seamen III the game wnh 5peclaLular 
goaItcnding lactUJII) O'Kane \\J~ 
"mmmah-vclous" rhroughout the 
toumdment, allOWing only four goals in 
five games.) After battling end ro end, 
UCSD scored wnh [WO seconds 
remallllllg on the clock to advance to 
the finals . 

The flllals featured the rwo most 
dominating teams of the tournament, 
UCSB and UCSD (both 4-0 so far) 
MrtJ~~ Once again , UCSD was the underdog, Now that I have your attention, let me clear up a few rhings. The hockey 

tournament III question was the Founh 
Annual California Roor Hockey 
Invitational , held at Ihe UCSD 
Reckerdome (aka Rec Gym) this past 
weekend. The I1Ightmares in question 
were Berndes' annual high hopes for a 
UCSD VJcrory III rhe rournament he has 
orgal1lzed at UC D ince 1982 (SDSU, 
UC anra Bamara and Cal State 
Nonhrldge are preVIous wlllne rs). And 
the seamen in question were pan of 
Clptain Dick and HIS Seamen UCSD 
MA noor hockey champs 

Cal State San Bernard ino, Cal tate \D'''~-'''' 
orth ridge, UC Santa Bamara and USC." 

~'")C~ despite almost Identical goals-for-goals-
against ratios (15:4 for UCSB, 16'3 for 
UCSD). UCSD came out gunnll1g, and 
bombarded the Santa Bamara goahe ro 
rake a 'i-O lead UCSB managed to srnke 
once. while UCSD racked up 1\110 more 
to make the final~ore 7-1, as Captain 
Dick and HIS Seamen became rbe first 
UCSD rcam to claim UCSD's eqUivalent 
of the StJnle), c.up. 

The rou rnament started Frtday 

By the unreasonable hour 01 8 am on \ 
aturday: rhe competitton was underway 

agalll, WJth all ten teams partiCi pating In 
a single-eliminauon playoff round 

By the morc reasonab le hour of 2 pm, 
rhe field had narrowed down to the 
Flllal Four: UCSB vs. SDSU and UCSD 
vs. CSUN (delenulllg champIOns and 
32 Vegas favomes) , DSU turned out to 
he no problem for the polished anta 
Bamara team (SD U made an 
ImpreSSIve comeback after being 

Family Pla.nn:ing: 
a choice, a responsibility 

ccmftdeDUal • prof.nt""a) • affaI'dab1e 
·nD~"", 
with results wh1le you walt 

• Unplanned pregnancyl 
general or local anesthesia 

• B.1rth oontrol 
• Gyneoolog1oal exams 
Ciii1 FtuJUl, P""'rWw 

AssocitlU. J.WictU Group 
8&n DIItJ 
6496 Alvarado lid. 
(111)_.-

MUIR COLLEGE COUNCIL 
RUN - OFF ELECTIONS 

- For position of-
Appointment & Evaluations 

Commissioner 

Thursday, April 25 &. Friday, April 26 
-Polls open-

9 am~4 pm, both days in the Muir Quad 
5 pm~ 7 pm, Thursday evening in front of the Muir Cafe 

HNew York Style Pizza" O~ PIZZ~f~ 
Free Delivery 
8657 Villa La J olla Drive 
La Jolla Village Square 

La Jolla, California 

587-0700 

r----COUPON-----
• FREE 4-P.k : 
• With purchase ~ • 
: of any large piz za • 
• Coke ) . 
• Diet Coke One coupon • 

HOURS: Mon Thurs, 5:00 pm 10:00 pm • or T.b per pizza • 
Fn Sal Sun 5:00 pm to Midnight --------------. COLI pun ~"Pl f\''' 6 J\) 8'i 

We accept: Visa, Mastercard, American Express & checks. 

R.torante Mario, Italian Cuisine 
Receive a complimentary ~ 6ter of house wine when you enjoy any of 

our fine seafood or Italian dinner entrees. 

mugged by UCSD, 9-0 m the first game 
of the tournament) The final score: 5-1. 
to lhe powerhouse UCSB team. 

Immedlalely followlI1g UC B's roul-of 
SDSU. lhmgs swned to ger Interesllng 
for UCSD's Captdll1 Dilk and HIS 
Seamen Squaring of! JgJII1Sl a hea\~I)' 
favored CSUN tcam, the Seamen srruck 
first , and hung on to a 1-0 lead until 

,",ow that It 5 illl over. illld L:C.,D b 
reIgning champion. XO!! Berndrs LlI1 
rest cas) Until ncxt year~ IOUm.lmenr, 
rh.1[ IS. IW 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to introduce to you our 
new and talented hair srylists, 
Laurie and Kathy 
Women S12, reg. $25 
Men $10, reg. $19 
For ajJpolntment. please catt 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Ur ., ~ulle 2120, La Jotta 
(behind EI Tonto & ){odeo· dm.'Cll y acrOl>~ the ramp) 

Study around the world , visi ting Japan. Korea. 
1aiwan. Hong Kong. Sri Lanka. India. Egypt. 
'lUrkey. Greece and Spain. Our 100 day voyages 
ail in February and September offenng 12 ·15 

transferable hours of credit from more than 60 voyage-
related courses. 
T he S.S. UNIVERSE is an Ame rican-built 0 ean 
liner, registered in Liberia. Semester at Sea admits 
students without regard to color, race or creed. 

For detai ls call to ll ·free (800) 854-0195 
or wri te: 

Semester at Sea 
Institute for Shipboard Education 

Unlvenlty of Pittsburgh. 2E I'brbes Quadrangle 
Pittsburgh, PA 15260 

Applications are still being accepted 
for the Fall '85 and Spring '86 

semesters. 

.. 

• 



18 Ihw,du\' 041'1112'), 198'i 

Over and . over and over and ... 
By MATT ADAMS "ull II ', liP 

l"prucu ttl turn out (.)r.1 d,l) 01 • 
c:nmpl'\H1ll1l ,md Ilin 111 Ihl' "Ull . 

od fri nds will giv you a break 
when you're broke. 

The dinner was sensational. '0 was the 
check. The problem is. the theater tickets that 
you insisted on buying broke your whole 
budget. Enough to declare bankruptcy by the 

time the coffee arrived. 
~:. A nudge under the table and a certain 

destitute look in the eye were enough to 
produce the spontaneous loan only a 

good fnend is ready to make. 
How do you repay him? First 

the cash, then the only b 'er equal 
to his generosity: L(jwenbr~iu. 

Lowenbrau.Here's to good friends. 
(l' IM~·t'di."jr 5.AtJyV ..... nqCO'J""l~H'W 

--.------------

Congratulations 
UCSD 

WOMEN'S 
CREW 

lor being 

San Diego City 
Champions 

Excellence and Commitment 
Always Shine Bright 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

LeARNiNG 
ceNTeR 

VIolin. viola. prep b' 32 01' just b' fun. 
IndIiic1JaI 01' sha'ed I~. Hefen Martin. 
457-0671. 16/6/ 

A.M.E.S Prorrssor Stanley Middleman will 
~ak this Friday on "Aushlng·lWld Wlpjng." 
Ihe fluid djnamlcs of cll!iI'llng of surtaca 
Includes slide ald h/gHpeedvldeo. FrIday. 
April 26. at NOON in thr new Warren 
College Apartment Commons. Light 
refresl'ments. All \WIcome. 14/25/ 

The 1985 Re\lellI! Rena/SSiI'lCl! Falre Is SundIy. 
~ 5th. Stan: making costumes now br the 
cmtume contest held wring the falre. Prizes 
for the best male & female outfits will be 
awarded. (4/25/ 

Student for Warren Co/lege Commuter 
Internship. Paid position. Application 
deadline 4/26. PIck up referral at student 
efIll/O'iment oilier. 14/25/ 
LA JOUA ACADEMY OF ADVERTISING 
ARTS l-yr. CXIIJIW &Job pIacmIent assistance 
In acM!rtIsing, deslg1, cop,(, proclJaIon. 
sales, marketing or publicity. Now enrolling 
for June 17. Free c:.ataIog 459-0201. 16/6/ 

Looking for a new job? App~ for Warren 
College Commuter Intern. ' Application 
deadline 4/26. Pick up ~rral at Student 
Employment otIice. 14/251 

Stl4' Buddhism in Korea this summer In a 
1000 year old temple. Free room. board lWld 
Instruction. SIx week session. Umlted,."mber 
of reservations available. For more 
Irlonnatlon call (6191 942-8596. (4/29/ 

HInaeise Alertness. Enerw Row, AIIe\IIaIe 
Stres. PM$. RelIef At IMt. IUd A 8ettIr 
~ & Easy \lit IDss. call the ~ At 
452-977sr' 14/251 

TraIIIc CIIsses-<ourt AppnM!d. Sat, SUn, 
Ews. Held at l.tIM!rsIty TCMf1e CerUr. 
Torrey PInes Inn. MIssion Valley. La Mesa, EI 
cajon, Padflc 8NctI. Reglstradon 296-0233. 
(4125/ 

111111811111 t 
Adorable animal rubber stampS. cats, 
kittens, bears, pa1daS, bIrd5. pl!f9Jlns, 
lllicorns, etc. etc.1 Free cataIogi Send SAS.E. 
1.391 to: Critter care Center, P.O. 80Jc 77. 
Solana Beach. CA 92075. (4/291 

1980 Fum Moped. Approx. 3.400 mi. 
Excellent condo S300. 299-0356. Matt. 14/25/ 

Price red. 4 clNrancei '66 \/\XI bug. nice bOd 
. w/sunrf., good trans. xtras. SI.200 o.b. 455-

5675 am. 14/251 

Salmon 5)(-90 Ski boOts. SIze 285. Need S. 
942-8617. 14/251 . 

Poor student on campus no longer needs his 
trusty 1980 moped. Good COf'I(jt/on, 5100. 
Tristan 453-9816. 14/25/ 

77 Honda CVCC, needs a little work. but a 
great runner. S800 or beSt ofFer. 450-9279 
l\Iana. 14/25/ , 

82 ~I CSR305 neIIV in 83. Just 
seMced. like new. 8950 mi. Great IIrst blkel 
call MIke at 27r6497. (4/25/ 

1983 Honda Passport 7Occ. 3 spd. auto. 
CIutc:tt 40 ~ & 80 ~h. Exc. cond. 
S500/otlo. 273-6901 alt 5. 15/21 

'69 GhIa 1500 smog legal show car exceflent 
cond. f'brsche alloy rims, low mileage. Best 
offer. 421-3539. (4/29/ 

Get In shape. NautikJs UfKycll! Aerobics. 
Transf!rable II~ rnemtJeIV1Ip SB club only. 
Sloo. atll 481-2651. (4/29/ 

ExercIse cycle to sell. ~ used. $85 abo. 
457-1942 Janet 14/29/ 

\Mnctsurfer-8ic 250 (1/ with l.-ge salllWld 
cat rack. Make ofFer. Great to lI!am on. 
Br" 455-1710. (5/6/ 

Huge room for rent In Ig. 4br concI in UC. 
S200/mo. A must-see. Call 455-9308. 14/25/ 

"51.000, 3 HR, 2-1/2 BA. 2 car gar, in L.1Jolia 
South Point Fum/shed. Agent 452-9602. 
14/29/ 

Quiet nort-smoklng rOOl'l'1lT1ate wanted in 
Uriv. City. 5220 & utilities. E.ver1Ings, 450-
9566. Ask for Steve. 15/2/ 

$875 2 Bed. 1-1/2 Bath. 2 car garage. pool. 
tennis CDUrts, big ba~, Woodlands West. 
L.1 Jolla. Call 296-9309. 14/291 

WiI'ltI!CI: Full ti~ student. r::Ner 21, to share 
P8 apt.: SIlO/mo., own room; near 
beachjbus. 483-8207. 14/291 
Room available in P.B. house to quiet, male 
rorHmoker. 5250. 1/3 uti. S50 dep. Paul or 
Dave 274-0287. 14/29) 

~~~S~5~~~ sHHt§@ijlll 
tlIOllllll1 =~~~~,~~~ 
WANTED CAMP COlJlllSELOR: North 
County Branct1 .Jewish ComrrunIty Center. 
atO Pam. 944-0640. 14/25/ 

wanted: Talented people to write or 
IlIustr'e br the GuarcIan. call 452-6580. 
16/61 

Stuc:Ieftt br warren College commuter 
Internship. Paid position. Application 
deadline 4/26. PIck up referral at student 

~ o/IIce. (4125/ 
TI!d1r1iQI drawer br UCSD Journal of 
li1dergracl Research Start ASH: 4 m/wk. 
Info call x3917, 755-5991. 14/251 

General CDUnsefor, wateffront & prcqam 
spedallst positions available at coed summer 
resident camp Iocared In SiI'1ta Barbara mtns. 
For /rIA) call Debblut (80S) 485-341701' PO 
80Jc 5363. Oxnard, CA 93031. 14/25/ 

looking br a neIIV Job? App~ br Warren 
College Commuter Intern. Application 
dedlne 4/1b. PICk up referral at Student 

~ 0f'IIC2. 14/251 

Tecmk:aI drawer Ibr UCSD Journal of 
~ac1 resan:h. sr.t ASH': 4 hrs/\.W. 
Info aillx3917, 755-5991.14/251 . 

DrM!r WMltI!d to ~ C. to Toronto. 
Q1t _/June 571-1941 14/291 

WANTED: caller's b CtIe UCSO ~I 
Program. Earn S4.25/hour plus BIG 
BOMJSES. Call 587-1589 ~ MIlly 2- (4/291 

Wanb!d: Stecrf!Ully/IIMI dertc. tIecIbIe hours. 
~ 1MJIng skills. call 459-4118; 459-0032. 
14/291 

LooIcIng for a good rurrilg '67 01' '69 Ford 
MUStang. willing to ~ 51,200 to 51.SOO br 
the rM. Vaughn, 453-4894. 14/29) 

Wanted: callers for the UCSO Phone/Mail 
Progr.m. Earn S4.25/hour piUS IIG 
BOM.JSES. call 587-1589 ~ May 2. 14/29/ 

L.1 Jolla PI¥JOu5e needs summer t1oIMlg: 
Sublets, rentals, roommates. Agreemet ItS 
signed. atll carol 452-6760. (6/6/ 

~e wanted to share 2 bedroom 
South Mesa apt NorHlTlOking mecIcaI or 
graw.e student ontt. S215/mo. & ~ 
electricity. AvalIat*AprlI26. call Rob at 755-
1836. (4/251 

Sublet needed for.June and .JI* studio, , or 
2 bdfm, prefer UCSO area; rent nego~; 
call 259-0108 after 6, ask for Karen. 14/25/ 

TYPINGj\lIORU PROCESSING: many type 
styles to choose from, spelling and 
punauatIon errors correctrd, pick-up lWld 
deINey, qua/I,¥ wcric. FASTIII S2/page 
ldouble 5p!ICed). call interactive Mlao 
Systems at 452-9949. 16/61 

Racket StrIngIng lWld Grips-t.ow prices. 24-
tI'. service. call ~ at 458-9269. (5/161 

Typing: . IBM/rush jobs/editing/fast. 
proIesIonaI results. 453-0656 01' 296-7333 
Shari. (6/6/ 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 
51.50/page. I pickup & deliver. Anc¥ 
Laurence 279-8056. 16/6/ 

rTPING/WORD PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454·7624. Rush 
~ accepted. 141291 

EDITING/WORD PROCESSING, Thesis/ 
dissertation specialist call Mary 259-0542. 
15/21 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING available thru 
Kinko's CopIes. COI'Wfliently located In 

~'s/ sw-on shopping Center. 24 hour 
service .'IbIe. 0111 457-3775 br defalis. 
(4/29/ 

0UIsesNp .Jobs1 Cruiseship work boOk. 
SencI 55 to: 0'Rourtce Ent. Dept D, P.O . Box 
M3B3. 58, CA 93107. 14/25/ 

~ 24-hr service unless I'm too buSy. I 
can afso proof ~ written papers. Revile 
453-9067. 15/6/ 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING. Word Processing & 
Tape Tril'lSCription. Reasonable rates. The 
Key Word. 459-5818. 16/6/ 

JAPANESE SHIATSU massage; traditional 
form ~ therapist trained in Japan. 483-7795. 
14/29/ 

MobIle Auto Medlanic. Low Student Rates 
on campus dai~. cau Rick 753-6100. /4/25/ 

Super typing. IBM, spelling corrected. 
reasonable rate, rush job, 16 yrs. exp., OM' 
UCSO. Call Fety, 452-1393. 14/25/ 

InsurarlCe \XIarI \lie'" beat lift prla or ~ 
ci)n't want ywr business. Tickets. accidents, 
sports cars. good driver/student dlSCDUnts: 
all \WImme. call 286-1135. Request UCSD 
PIal. /5/16/ 

Sun lolling male seeks other swim-suit 
optional males br day salling on 41 It 
sailboat Bill ~77. 14/251 

Massage: Relieve stress, sooth athietlcal~ 
tired muscles. Free Introc1JctoIy Qfrrr. Tim 
560-2998. /4/25/ 

Feel Uke a King7 A Feasant7 A Knight in 
Shining Arrror 1 Express your feelings and 
win a prize at this ~ar's Renaissancr faire-

Su~, May 5th. BetWId HL 14/25/ 

HEY BASSI Happy Bi~, you DIVINE 
creature. We made you a bI~ cake lWld 
warmed it up in our Nttle<M!r1S. The egg man 
is coming Friday to sip some sadles. Love 
Cotton and Edle. P.S. Crackers says, "00 ~ 
balls, Mamal" T4/251 

Norene Norene Norene. You sweet thinglll 
I'm looking forward to having dinner with 
)00. DIning with you will be out of s1Qht- All 

~ ZBT Love, Your Big Brolll 14/25/ 

To the pres. of ZBT. Good luck on your 
MCATs. Your Uttll! Bro. (4/25/ 

Laura. HAPPY 21st lover. lhanIcs for ~ars of 
~, support. and LUST. We Love You Bruce 
Springsteen ¥ld Tom Petty. 14/25/ 

TOM HAW TOM HAW I still Walt your 
boc¥l-B. Schwartz G.A. P.S. Sorry I g~you 
herpes. 14/251 

Knowing how u like 2 get personal, I thougtt 
I'd squash u in withe rest of the pu~ins at 
UCSO. Oh Scott. I CiI'!'t wait to grrr together. 
I aoore u todiPf 2% mas que ayer. Love, Your 
Furry Girlfriend. 14/251 

To the girl in the orange Honda at quick stop 
last Sat. night. How Cal I lIndyou 7 Blue E}'e5. 
14/291 

To all ZBT Uttle Sisters. -We are glad to IlaII'e 
}OU aboard lWld ~ are looking b'ward to 
Friday. Love, The Bros. /4/251 

Chrystal-The ' Bros all IovI!CI your leather 
pants. All I heard were raves and rants. See 
you tomorrow night. Your Big Bro. 14/25/ 

Napotes. 1 guessyou'reright My periscope is 
a bit rusty. Not to worry, it will be in top 
condition. for the road trip. I'd never forget 
ya, babyl Love ya, the HOBBIE Womal. P.S. 

~ does it aiways happen In spring & never 
<i.lring those cold winter months 7 14/251 

Denis: Good luck Saturday on the MCAT-
John. Don, Mark, ~. 14/251 
Sky Queen, )"OU're the best roommate a girl 

could f!Yer wantllNi Happy 21st ~­
LcMr-l.ips Ferocious. 14/25) 

Phil Hey Ba~, of CXIIJIW I'. aIw¥ ha<e time 
b' a fIuncie. I suppose I won't see you rructl 
ItIIs next week. but I'm sure~·lIl1nc1t1meto . 
KEEP IN TOUCHI XOXO R. p.s. Relax. we're 
in pubIicB (4/25/ 

LDst: 4/16/85, beige, wool cardigan sweat~_ 
Please retum to EDNA 01' call 755-7752 
Great sentimental value. 14/25/ 

LDst: Paperback boOk at NM2113 Mon. 
(4/151 morning. It was Stephen R. 
OOnaldson's White Gold'NIelder. My name Is 
on the IIrst page. Please call Doug at 452-
7992. /4/251 

Lost: A pair of PX-20 glasses in TlH 107 men's 
room. Lrg. reward. 942-8617. 14/291 

SRewardS. lost blue backpack in the pub on 
Wed_ 4/17. Please retum to EDNA. or call 
755-3104. TharvI. /4/29/ 

Lost-Woman's opal ring In ~ locker 
room. If found please call 453-9716. Ask for 
Janlse. Reward. 14/291 

LDst: Dark green binder around Third Ext. 
area w/PSycJl 128 notes & PCI Tech20 
noteboOk- Please return if found. call 292-
0409. 14/291 

LDst: 2 baseball /TIltS In Revelle motorc:ycJe 
parking area on Mo~, AprIl 8. If tbuncI 
please call Keith at 455-5810. (4/291 

.. 



'. 

, 

I kno\\ }'OU are .dl wondenng \\ihere I hal'c 
bcen lor Ihe la, I coupII' 01 week 1\'1.' heen on 
a hull' I'a aBon honmg my , oUllng ~kllls 
down m Flond.l .ls Ihe guesl of ~I'l'r)'lmc\ 
IJ'WIIC [al Imle l!.Ih.m . Tom wsnrda 1 he 
e"renenu' I gained dO\1 n .It Ihe ,llru~ league 
hJ been mvalu.lblc III ."oullng and 
progno II':Jllng Ihe liN 1\\,' w,'cb of 1\1 
..oflhall play. 

1 he m SI J~kt>d qu,' lion, hesld,'" whal 
hJppent>d LOMuir held ",Who " Ihc 
Budman' Well. II you were paymg e"bc 
allentlon the l.I't two \\eek; YOU wl.lulti have 
nOIl,ed me out on the fields ~("utmg the hall 
tcam" I \\as Ihe one Ih.lt looked Ilkc I <.".IIllC 
right OUI <,I the S\\A.\IP Cheap 'tr.m h.il fmm 
TI. large 'lOg'" fr,)m Hal·Jnn.l . ITl.ldras Jackcl,; 
from A!\I\ET' , hagro pantS from d.ld and 
while ,h0e,; by 11.1 ,'f the "Jan hlhJn~e I 
wa, drc"ed In tbc fIne;,t lradltlon 01 
b.l,ehall, most IllY'ICn,)u,> element Ih,' .... 'lUl. 
I WJ' n,)\I' read\, to do m\ dun Ll~ D II ;b 
now Jtlhe mere)' of ·Budm.in urer-.-:out :\!J

' 

MEN AM 
ull th" the Gr dyhcard 011'1 Ion. mo,t l,f 

these guy saw Bdbe Ruth pl.l} The pre-
'>CaSt)n f.lv nil'S (Profoathlellcs) ,omblned 
years of expenence rival Ihe wheeze boy S 
Philadelphia Phillie These guys may be old 
bUi they're low tOO Five out of Ihe nine 
starters are over 30 years old The BolTos are 
another perennial comender The problem IS 
lbe) usually only omend In our 'iummer 
Intramural program I guess It takes all of 
spring training to warm tho,e old bones up. 

I now come to the bastions of tradition at 
(";CSD The hdlng Omtx)" Ive been known 
to make up a fih or twO L'sually .lfter a 1.':' Ion 
at thr pub But In thiS case I Olm being as 
truthful a, can be Thl' team has bern herc 
'lOLl' the eSldbh~hmt'm of I hI> unlwr"I)' In 
1969 Guy, hk~ John Groll'!:' das, of 72, 
Ronln Waple das;, "f73 ,_ tc\'e Plperda,; of 
'73 Jnd ,)Id gr .l)'bearJ MJrk Aum.mn da" or 
71 Agl' llh\'lOusl ' hJ no hcarlng nn talem 
The,,' old gil)'> can slIlI pl.l), 

1 hrre I_ one up>!.In called Berm.1n -; B..)\', 
Led b) ~Ir Smoolh 1"dd !.Iyard. th.:,c guy, 
could un,~ttlt' Ir.ldlllOn T hJI\ onlt II Ihc\' 
keep Ihm diJper, pinned ' 

MEN'SM 
Ah the dlvl~lon of Ihe 5<1ndbJgga ;: I III 

-.andbagglng IS the Rohen Redford, 01 L'CSD 
rhe SJtur.l1s Led h~ "hon,top '.lIke D,)O t 
bugh .It In)' Unit !-.lolfcl dnd ,n's \1.tplc the·~ 
lelia:. lJptured the ,'nt: plle'h Lruwn In I< Imer 
Jnd hop .. 10 repeal In >prln 

B"hICJ IS ,I pllwer to reck, n I<lIh 1he 
pt,wer usually got:;, on dUring pl.ll,llb but It 
burn, bnght dUring the' regular sea,on 

VII.1 Cerl'eza not onl}' h.ls on .. 01 the l<lp 
leams In M " s,llthall but deflnlteh has the 
be>t Unle, lis wonh catching on~' III their 
game JUSI III chelk ,lUI [he unle;, 

The Lilies of th .. hrld de,erIC menllon 
Con,ldcr It dont' 

MEN A 
ThiS I, the LrJp ,hoot dll'l;,IOIl 1 hi, 

dll'lslon " equlvalem of the 'nnhwc,t 
League. Pioneer Ledgue the App,IIJLhIJn 
~10Ulalnr .. r League Jnd the \lldlq:·,1 Le,lgue 
T he') re pl.l)'lng In tht b I,he, IrYlng I,) makc Il 
up 10 th,' hlg IImc I J[S uf I, ng hlkl' nde" to 
rummy Illde dm L Ie! l \l u'r) ftlr pradlLe. 

'Iu r \{Jtru kcll.lr grcas lurger Iltl'r gJln l" 
All till- I (,lInm n ,lllwn In Iht' bu,h,' 

II .I I ale h.trd~r III knll\\ till' UII kn,)11 11' 1 
I h .. 'le .. 11 \I cm hI te,lms \\h,l hJI" hel'n [h~r, ' 
be for, tl " Hc'''''" . l" " h .. , [Jet'n Ibl'll' 
brforl' hUI hke ~ll'l {' Illme Iht', rl' '1I111r) Ing 
to ";~ I ,I n ,hi 'on, 0 1 n.ld pIa) cd 0 11(' pilc h 
.md Odd W.b proud lIle h.ll, .mtl I h.llI, 
hale bee n pia) 109 I" r )('.Ir, :\ Ll,upk nJllr~ 
.md Ihn 111.11' haw a (h.lnu: Look I, lr >1 11'll' 
leam Ir~' 1n I~.I)' c'UI 0 1 Ih,' p . .Ilk Il' WIIlL' 
Ihrough and Win It .Ill 

COEOM 
With drpdrture of the legendJ!) Dr 

..,h.lwn,O.R G.mg CoedM flnJlly Will he 
(Ompetlll\'e Or Shdwn'~ O.R Gang hJ~ won 
the CoedM (h.tmplonshlp SIX straight 
yeJr~ and \\ie thnu)\ht the y.tnkel"s had 01 
drnol t) 

One reason Ihe) det:lued 10 move on 
beSide age and the need to get J Job wa;, the 
new powerhouse kids on Ihe blot:k Tl'Jm 
Tnton ThiS squad won the modthed M 
ChdmplOn.,hlp I.N year .Ind hJVl' \\ion the 
One I'lt~h Coed Ch.lmlon;,hlp thiS Yl'.lr. Lcd 
hy la'l ye,lr', .III 1~1 wun \>1one([c the} Illl,k 
unOeJI.lbll' 

11 an) ont' h.1 .1 c h.lIll C ttl Up..el Ihclll II 
would he 1 ('. lIn 1l,.Zll But the) r,' .I hun h "I 
d"wlh 

COED A 
In wltb .III n1) C peru,,,, Il In t ht.')~1ll 10 
pl~k a \\ 1I111n h~rl' It ' lllli Wide open I hl' r, 
.Ire ll1-! Ie lin' In thl UIVI'I,1O ",lllnt' Wh,'" I 

!'.1) pre'l'.I~on fJI,mte, for V.III,IU' re.hlln, 
Include :-'\\dmp 'Ill' Lnll". Lllhe- 01 Ihe 
held , glrd[ hJrl)l'~ul';', I\kDnnJld, fJnn 
Team deler tC'arn nJme, hlrepl.l)er, 4 Glrb, 
good In wJrm-up~ 

E 
o 

o 
••• y U! 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU!! 

WI TER 1985 CHAMPIO S 

~I<ETBALL 
~II:' . AAA . , ... .. , ..... , ........ Truon Pub 
\11:'" AA, ... , , , .. , .. , , ••....... , • , .•. TI\[ 
\11:,'., A ........................... ~WAMP 
M[:,\~ 5 10 .................. Smokeles Buds 
C ED M .. .. ................. ll1Ierlollegl.llc> 
COLD A ......... , .............. 1\01 lomghl 
WO\11:' , ......................... TrJm X 

FLOOR I-JOCKEY 
ML"'> AM ....... LapI.lln Dllk & H,,, :.c.men 
ME' ... M .... , ........... , ...... , n"orwJ.\ 
\IL:\' A ....................... ke Lmp.lde. 
\\'O~II:' .. .... . ................ c..'IOn '4'ldd 

CER 
\1t , ... ·\AA .. . ... . . . .. . ... Don I \1eg Wllh U, 
\IL ,~ AA .... • ..• , • . •. .•...... xre" In ~Iu(h 
\IE' -; A •. ........ . . . .. "wne Age \kn Of Iron 
COl 11 A .... \ ...... ... ...... . . I\lek Th,1St' Il.JlIs 
ll)1.0 .\.0\ • • • • ••• , li.lmalJI T 1 he """'en D~JJII 
Cl)[;O .\ ... . , .. , . •.. . , •. , ..... : .. Ben n,w':r 
L('tD LX RM A.. . . ...•...... o.'rmhu,tl''' 
itA"" II'" FOOTBALl. ............... lck,', 
BOWUl'.G ........ , .. . .... \\c'rl' \\'Jmng 

DORM COED A LEAGUES 
ThiS dlvl>lon hl"lOmallv has bee n 

dominated b) the \1ulr Dorms Re COlly 
1 hlrd College has been lhlpplng.!wa)'.1t MUir 
domlnauon There I;, Ol new kid on the bl<xk 
th" vrar OIrt~lIly fmm fnendly Belrul tS the 
newly formed W.lrren Ap.mmenrs League 11 
the shoe tS .In)' IIlUlldllOn of athlclIL !.lIen! 
look 1M \\'.lrren College to Win It. 

B OMAN'S SOFTBALL RATI GS AS OF 4/ 20 
ME AM 

i'",k>.llhklll> 
_ 11,.11., 

IInln.ln·, Bo\> 
0\ "JinH Dr •• " :, 
'i I"nk ';"'<1 
h \IJII.1ft1 \len 

K.\. ..... tJ. n~ ~n h.. " 
H ,llll' L"I iXm,· 
<J Brut.t1 l'urp\'1.I ,,~, 

III 'p.mk I h,' \I,,"k,'~ 

M[~ S AA 
I '.1tur.t1, 
_ IK)HIl 

\ ' \ .1 <' l'n l:~1 
0\ LrI".·, or th .. Ill"" 
5 11,,\ ,,,, 
b l hCl'"'' 
7 R.'~ ln~ 11.11.. n 
n \kJ \Il .• • k 
~ lIghl 1<1 • A '>qUirt 

10 \\ " uk 

\11:-"'., A 
1 C..-\f." Ihl\H' 'l~· 

'><)0 ,.1 1}.1<I 
IIll' 11.1", I H Iklll 

0\ O""H I 'prl' , 
) hJnklt Go , " , t •• )" U •• 
~ .\U B .. II, 
7 \I .• gll I uri II 
H l'p And C"mmg 

~ ~he, l,OI It , \\e WJm II 
III kn GU}' 'J01"d ~I,lC 

OEDAA 
I Ie •• m T mon 

leJII1 1>";0 
C,Hnl'Mt 

0\ Lht' IIl"JI Dqx:nd"Ill, 
Cllmlng Ih,,!)l' 

b Arllh,wl In,CmlllJlllr> 
7 Lrrtl} , Knc,' CJp' 
8 MIII"r 
9 BJd Knec, 

II hdinK Dr.lb. .. 

COED A 

WOMl:-' 
~n 1IlJ W,nu 
Il II,TI IIJnd 
Thl' t .1' Arf B.o, k 

-! 1I~lng I all' 

III 

2,ll 
1-0 
l-ll 
1-0 
l·ll 
2·0 
I ·ll 
1·1 
1. 1 
0-1 

2·11 
l·ll 
l ,ll 
2,ll 
l ,ll 
2·0 
1·0 
I ·ll 
2·0 
1· 1 

1-0 
III 
I-Ll 
I ·ll 

I.M. INNERTUBE WATERPOLO 
What I gOing on out at the old swtmmlng hole? I was out there last week to check In on Innertube 

Waterpolo and was nOl plea~d with what I saw Sure, there was pltmy of action, but II was aU w>mg one 
way. I haven't seen sandbagging hke this since the RUSSian Anny Jnvaded Afghamstan . Ten POint 
margin of VtClory was a dose game. When you ~e a score of 22-3 you can't help but wonder what the 
guys on the wmnmg end have in thetr trunks. emon. get in the level of play you belong In! I hOist a tall 
cool one to the teams I'1th the guts to handle the highest dlVI ton of play 

The number one offend.:r IS Malt wmde! and his crew. They sandbagged laSt fall in Ihe "A" diVISion 
under the name Katoonka. Bumped to "M ". Ihey ull waltzed to the champlonshtp. ThiS quarter, he 
changes hiS team name to Sex Dynamos of S,m Diego (Sure Malt) and gets back 10 the "A" d IV.5.on Who 
are)'ou foohng here> To date , their rewrd IS 2-0 .... lIh an average \,lLtory margm (AVM) of 21 gO.l!> 

Another crew that deserves mennon IS the SWAMP. They have been .It It for) years now In league 
pia}' thl gang of IdiOts blows evtryone out of the water (AVM 23 goals thl season) But. when the 
pressure IS on m Ihc pldyofT they have a tOugh lime staymg Jfloat with one hdnd 'lPplymg the fanuh.u 
strJngle hold 

Here IS J look .It the biggest sandbagger' II) 1M ,pom Some surpnsc .Ire In tOre come playoff ume 
for these so-(alled athlete, 

I. 
2 
) 
4 
5 

Sex D)'n.I01os of S.m Diego Belong II) AMA 
WOOP A~1 23 goals-Will see ZBT May 2nd 
WAMP It'., gelling old guys . 

- ZI3T Who >;dld frats COUlOOI do well m Polo) 
In Her Tuh!! Vlwms leJI't' poolm te.lr~ (21 AVM) 

Honorable mention goes to the Hemen They have s.:ored 65 goals and given up 6 m tWO games 
Problem IS the)' .Ire alrcJdy In the "M" diVISion. SoUrll'S reveal Ihe} .Ire tUning up for Seoul In 88. 

6·PICK 
UNDER GLASS 

'HISBUD~' 
FOR YOU: 



An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 
, 

Vol. 9, No. 4 . April 25, 1985 
. 

r I 

at spa'ce art space eatspace 
art space Che Cafe artspace 
eat space art space eatspace 



Editor 
ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRI ' Y UNO 

Con tri butinK Editors 
ETHAN FEERST, JUAN 
FlJR~BERO, RUN A HU, 

JAM!;S RALPH P:,\1'T' 
taff 

MI>:F "'HN, RnDI)) 
&. '\..1.'\ '" A, A DRI:A 

HARMU,\i, >:RIS fiN k ALA, 
>:ARIo." >:ELLI:\', JEFF 

MUNll.., J\.)HN NEI:, AR r 
~ALAZAR, CARL ~ r A r !:R, 

Rl)0I:R -;TI'PHE."IS<.)h 

Editorial: 452·6580 
Advertising: 45Z-3466 

H"m" ,s pul>ltshcJ ~\'~ry 
rhur,Jay 01 th" "eaJem" yl'M 
.1" ., surplcm~nt w the L 'SD 
GL'ARDlAN. RCproJUlHlln 
or u~e wtthout \\'r1th:n 
p..:rnllS"lllHl of .IOY (x)rtlon l)t 
th iS m.agazlnl IS a no~ n(.). Wl' 
wl'koml un,oltutcJ k'rters, 
manuscnph, anJ artwork, but 
assume no r~sruns,blltty lur 
the "'turn 01 sUch. SenJ 
information to: 

HIATU 
8-016, w j ollu, CA. <)20<)3 

Contents 
Cover: The Che Cafe has 
become an art space as well 
as an eating space, now 
featuring the original works 
of campus artists on its 
humble vegetarian walls. See 
page Three. 

Vacation . .. . ...... page 4 
James Frawley, fo rmer 

director of the Monkees, brings 
us the latest juvenile sex 
movies and we bring you a 
personal interview with him. 

Bloody. . . . . . . . . . .. page 5 
How would you plan a 

murder? M. Emmet Walsh 
figures out how other people 
might do it in Blood imple, the 
independently released 
mystery thriller from Joel and 
Ethan Coen. 

More Art . . . . ... .. page 6 
In addition to the LJMCA's 

Emerging Artists show is More is 
More at the La Jolla Public 
Library, extra talent and big 
fun for everyone. 

Goings On ... page 7 
Co..er photo by Kevin Foley 

"A happy 
reaffirmation of the 
best in the modem 
dance tradition ... 

deserves wide 
exposure & high 

praisel" 
-Welsh. SD. UNION 

.... ,exquisite danCing .. , 
the dancing becomes 

everything"." 
- Saville. THE READER 

Ensemble of 10 Includ ing 
Ms. Jean ISIOes 

premiering in Nancy 
McCa leb's'/IIumlnata" 

3 PERFORMANCES ONLYIII 
FRIDAY. APRIL 26. 8:00 PM 

SATURDAY. APRIL 27.2:00 Be 8:00 PM 
Mandeville Auditorium, UCSD La Jolla 

General $10.50 evening, $9,00 matinee 
Student. senior, military $7,SO evening, $6.50 matinee 

ON SALE NOWI 
at the campus box office, 

or call 296-9523 

2 Hia tus April 25, 1985 

Enlightenment-R-Us 
'J readina pleasure HiatuI brinp you quoteI from the 

8hsamtt..otta. one of the oId.It rellpoa.aa taD e.u_. 
,. 18. 1\e hNmhle sages, b, tM&ue 0/ tnIe 1mowJedge, ....... 
equal Wion a learned and .... brcIIun.ma, a cow, aft 
~ a dar aftl" dog .... (ONtca_). 
,.2.f. One whose ~s is within, whou ClCtiwand rejoices 
within. aftd whose aim is inwanf Is ~ rite fJeffc m,mc. 
14.11. Prom the mode 0/ goodtwss, rml ~e dMoI». 
/rom tM mode 0/ pauion, greed dewlaps. and from the mode 0/ 
ignoraftC¥ dewlofJ /oolishness., madness and illwion. 
14.18. Those sih4ated in the mode 0/ goodness graduaLl, go 
upwmd1D the higher planets; rhose in cite mode 0/ passion liw 
on the earthl, planets; and those in the abominable mode 0/ 
ignO.-M gt) dOwn 10 the hellish wmldt. 
1'.7. The living entities in this conditioned world aTe M, 
eternal fragmented parts. Due to conditioned Li/e, they are 
struggling \!fry hard with the six senses, which include the mind. 
I,. 12. The splendor 0/ the sun, which dimpares the darkness 0/ 
this wI}ole world, comes from Me. And the splendor 0/ the moon 
and the splendor of fire ate abo foom Me. 

I! 
1,. 13. I enter into each. plMet, c:nt b, M; 1tIeIg'J me, sra, in 

. orbit. I b«ome the.moon and ..., ..... , die juice 0/ life CO 
"ll,'~. 

'N!al farm of 

By JACK DURANT 
The ChI! Caf~ has 10", been a 

lOurce of prosreuive ideal and 
aoclal evolution. The dininl room of 
the cooperative veletarian 
restaunnt has not only Mrved II a 
place to eat but a1Io II a political 
are .. , a meednI hall rind an 
entertainment facility. The m<»t 
recent chan. baa been to convert 
the dinins area into an art lpaCe, 
providinll campu. ani.t. the 
opportunity to dtaplay their work. 

Food Art and Fine Art 

By .howil\8 wor" in a restauru:. 
an entirely different audience is 
reached. Art p1Jer'-. anctudinll the 
Mandeville Annex aallery on 
camJ)llll, cater primarUy to the art 
pd)lic, a aelf-contained, tiny .lice of 
the overall campus population. A 
much wider samplinl of individuals 
are expoaed to the artwork when it is 
taken out of the private area of the 

llerv and placed in public. The art a.....:..._--;;.,._ .. ~_.-;; .... _......-~.J., __ -*--'...;;; 
life, no lonler l~ited to the "art" 
community. 

Convertil\8 the wall space Into 
diaplay apace arOle naturally from 
the cafe's larae amount of wall sPace 
and a need for some sort of visual 
cohesion. There were two or three 
displays last quarter, sparking the 
idea to have artists' work shown on a 
weekly basis throU(lhout the school 
year. Already this quarter two artists 
have shown their work, and In the 
followiRl weeks dilplays will rmae 
from paintin. to photojlraphy to 
political works and even video. 

To pve more intqrity to the 

dinina area as a (IIllery space. 
Richard Winters, one of the core 
members of the cafe, applied to the 
steerinl committe of the 
Undel"lJl'aduate Arts Festival for 
money to improve the walla. The 
cafe hu receiftda grant of $100 to 
sub .. c:Ux the purchase of waD board 
and paint. The improvements to the 

,.....----UCSD Theatre has-------. 
HOTTIXFOR 

HfAT 
$1.00 Student Rush tickets 

for "Heat" on May 1, 5 and 12 only 
-~ hour before curtain-

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE 
PERFORMING ARTS 

Curtain May 1 at 8 pm. May 5 &. 12 at 7 pm 

CALL 4!Z .... S74 for information 
First come, first served on a space available basis. 

walls, combined with already 
existing track lighting, will limit 
diltractions which would otherwise 
detract from the works. 

Sue Spalding, another core 
member of the collective, feels that 
the University has long been in need 
of additional sites for students to 
express th~mselvea. "When the 

Some lilre it hot when the 
heat of the night 
is on 
fffl the heat burning on 
in the night 
some It~ it hot when 
the h~t of the nighr 
is on 

S.~y,ApriI17, 198' 
. 9prn - lam 
RevdJe Cafeteria 
UC5an Di. 

Admillion: $4.00 UCSD 1.0 . 
AUift: Dms Appropria&dy 

University says the only acceptable 
form of expression is through the 
ballot box or the media, they are 
making a mistake. When we have 
people doing paisley art on the 
buildings, there is obviously a need 
for more avenues of expression for 
frustrated artists." 

Spalding feels that,"We need to 
remove art from the snobbish, 
intellectual, 'high-art' aensibility and 
return it to the public." Creating 
more space for students to show 
their work wiD make them more 
responsible to the public and to 
themselves; inltead of dolna their 
work knowing it will never be 
seen,they will realize new 
opportunities to show and will thus 
work harder to make good art. 
"Because the Annex caters mostly to 
graduate students, and there is at 
least a one year wait, student artists 
are throwing their work in the closet. 
The artists know their work will not 
be shown so they don't try hard; they 
produce crap!" 

For Winters, the changes at the 
Chi further the connection between 
his life and his art. Richard spends 
mOlt of his time at the cafe cooking 
and lookinll at food; as a student, he 
is a painter. "I get as much pleasure 
out of looking at food as I do from 
looking at art," he says, 
demonstrating the association he 
makes between food art and fine art. 

The Chi Cafe is in its root stages 
as a gallery, and will inevitably 
continue to develop in this direction . 
For more information, call "52~ 
6580. 

Classe 
prociucdO" compcmy 

April 25. 1985 Hiatus 3 

• 



Two students were in line at the box 
office waiting to cash a check when one 
saw a poster for a sneak preview of 
Fraternity Vacation. 

"Do )'OU wanna check this out'" he 
said, pointing to the multi-colored ad in 
the window. 

"No, it is probably another one of 
those cheap, mindless, teen-sex {licks ." 

"Yeah, )'Ou're probably right, but it is 
free. " 

fleshy fairy tale . " It is about how 
people see others and themselves. If 
one character acts in a way that hurts 
another, then he or she becomes 
aware of it and they talk about 
changing themselves. I don't think it 
is exploitive since you have guys 
trying to chase the beautiful women, 
but they do it without looking like 
fools. W e d idn't want to go for the 
easy laughs." . 

memorable scenes. 
" I think we were ahead of our time 

when we made that. We were 
satirizing films like Towering Inferno, 
Poseidon AdtJencure and Airport, and 
those films were still around and 
people weren't ready to laugh at 
them. The same people who 
produced The Big Bus did Airplane a 
few years back and it was a big hit. 

"It is disappointing to work so 

chemistry on the set. It was a mostly 
young cast, but everything went well. 
Stephen Geoffreys (who plays 
Wendell) is a very talented actor and 
alSo very committed. When the rest 
of the cast was out p'drtying, he 
would stay in his room and work on 
his lines. Wendell is shy and 
withdrawn, so Stephen wanted to 
stay in character." 

The pair cashed their checks but 
decided to pass on the film. 

James Frawley, who directed the 
picture, is not worried about the 
current saturation of "Young 
Adult" movies on today's market. 
He speaks of his film as something 
unique, a story that transcends the 
teenage stereotypes. 

Giving tVacation' 
a new direction 

One of the appealing aspects of 
Fra ternity Vacation for Frawley was 
the low-budget and low-pressure of 
the production . " Any time you 
work Wit h film it is going to be 
expensive, but when you don't have 
millions and millions of dollars on 
the line, yo u have more freedvtTI. As 
long as Ne~ World Pictures liked 
what they were seeing, and they did , 
they pretty much left us alone. "We attempted to do a 

sophisticated genre piece that 
showed the characters had a certain 
sense of values. Wendell (&.he main 
character) is shy, honest al' d 
idealistic and is taken advantage of, 
but at the end he is accepted." 

By ANDREW KEELER 
"I like to make positive , 

humanistic films . It 's not that I try to 
rto ~nr~ ~ui.,. .f """n •• '" ,-i".. ' .... -1 ... 
unconventIonal fI ms. ' 

The storyline o f Fratern ity 
Vacation is by n o m eans 
gro undbreak ing. Two fraternity 
b rothers from Iowa State head to 
Palm Springs in search of sun and 
sex. They also ha ve to bring along the 
nerdy W endell because his father 
promised a new jacuzzi and sauna for 
the frat house if the boys showed his 
son "the ways of the world." W hen 
the sun finally setS on the desert 
paradise, you can guess who ended 
up with the prize girl. 

Laughter has been Frawley's 
companion sill<..e h is child"ooO ,hv" 
in New York . Not being the athletic 
type, he found humor an easy path to 
popularity. He studied acting under 
Lee Strasberg and then hooked up 
" The Premise, " a New York 
improvisational group that featured 
Buck Henry , George Segal and Joan 
Darling. 

His flair for the avante-garde 
landed him the director's chair for 
the original Monkees show, which 
still draws cult raves. He then moved 
into motion pictures. One of his 
major projects was The Big Bus , 
which was a commercial bust. The 
off-beat. disaster film satire featured 
some big names and a few Frawley insists this is more than a 

~II ~rMf lit ... 
A Ropes Course 
" THE ROPES CQURSE ..... \\'HAT IS IT? An ICllon ontnted 
HIGH' Full of laughter . challenge and rediscovery of personal 
resources ... Your day begin at 9;00 am. 629 Third Street , 
EnCinitas. California where you Will meel the resl of Ihe group for 
the beginning of a thnlhng ad"enture. You then progress to an 
obs lacle course n."tled In a beaullful for""l :; mile from Ihe ",a. 
There you ",III expenence a gradualed !.enes of elemen., that slart 
wllh Irusl ·bullding and cooperallon and culminate In danng feals 
"lth rope, h'gh In Ihe tr"", Your safet) "at all"m." a"ured by 
certified Ropes Course Inslruclor> and Ihe fintsl equipment. The 
course" challenging. more so menIal" than phys,cally -", \ ou 
are offered "n k opportuni".,," to try things )'ou have never done 
before and rrdtSl:ovtr rf'SOUrltS forgotten. "Growth momen'~" are 
poslIl\'e. sudden. enjoyable and guaranteed. 

Saturday May 4 8:30am-4:30pm $55 
SJgn up and details at x4O:J 7 

Ca nvonv1ew Administra tive OtfIces 
Deportment ol Physical Education 

"A DEBUT AS SCARIFYINGLY 
ASSURED AS ANY SINCE 
ORSON WELLES." 

"A thrtller [hat's Jresh. 
jrtghtenmg and .fiendtshly 
Junny " 

Peter Travers 
People Magazme 

"A true sleeper. a bold and 
stnnlng film .. 

Rex Reed 
New Yarn Post 

4 Hiatus April 25 , 1985 

-Richard Cor.la, nme Mqazlne 
"The most mvenltve and 
ongmal thnller In many-a-
moon " Davtd Ansen 

Newsweek 

"A tnumph! a'ie oJthe most 
brazenly self-assured dlrec -
tonal debuts In Amenta"j,lm 
history " DaVid De nby 

N,Y Magazin e 

EXCLUSIVE SAN DIEGO 
ENGAGEMENT 
NOW PLAYING 

1:30 3:40 5:50 8:00 9:50 

hard on something and then fi nd out 
ir didn 'r rPAllll "OIP"u",""",~ ovilh t .... 
audience. When 1 made I he Muppet 
Movie with Jim Henson, I got a 
feeling of satisfaction." 

As opposed to some directors, 
Frawley firmly believes in getting 
illvolved in all aspects of the making 
of a film. He had a chance to work 
with writer Lindsay Harrison on the 
screenplay of Fraternity Vacation and 
suggested a few changes. 

"The relationship between the 
d irector and the script is so 
important since you have to live with 
it for a year. I thought it was a very 
good script coming from a fi rst-time 
writer . 

" There was a special kind of 

And what does the self-described 
film buff enjoy seeing? 

"I love old Sturges and Capra 
films and I think Fellini's 8~ 
influenced me the most. Of the new 
ones, I thought Breakfast Club was a 
fine film and I really admired the 
director's work in The Killing 
Fields . II 

Besides doing promotional 
interviews for Fraternity Vacation, 
the transplanted New Yorker is 
do ing a TV pilot called teel Collar 
Man with Dave Thomas of SCTV 
fame. The comedy about a robot will 
air this fall. 

UCSD ThNtre presents ------------------, 
The West Coast premiere of 

By William Hauptman 
Directed by 
R~n Woodruff 
Regents' Lecturer 

"a searing portrayal of Ihe 
1964 'Tucson Murders ' 

SIOry" 

May 2-5, 9-12 
(May 1 preview) 

8pm/7pm Sunday 
$5-$8 

Mandell We~ Center for the Performing Am 
- La Jolla Village Drive and Torrey Pines Road-
Call 452-4574 for tickets and information. 

Tickets available at Weiss Center Ticket Orrice and 
University EvenlS Box Office. 

Deathly tSimple' 
By RODDY BOGAWA 

The latest interest of film critics, 
as well as bigger production camps, 
has been the rise of the so-called 
independent film entries. The 
surprise success of crossovet box 
office draws, such as Stranger Than 
Paradise and The Gods Must Be Crat:Y 
has proven you don't need ten to 50 
million dollars to make a 
noteworthy film as well as one which 
is monetarily sound. Profits become 
far more within reason when you 
need only a few million dollars to 
cov .. r the expenses of a movie, rather 
than a whopping 40 million to 
ftmflh:~j~ Ilr~I'~ 
Ethan Coen's murder mystery Blood 
Simple. 

The excitement surrounding the 
release and critical acclaim of Blood 
Simple is extraordmarv considering 
the lengths the Cocn brothers went 
to get it released. After taking the 
script around to all the major film 
studios and being turned down, the 
Cocns decided to raise the money for 
the picture themselves and market it 
as an independent. Completed for 
under a million and a half, their 
precise planning and clarity of vision 
mllde the budget no major 
restriction to the final product. 
Nowhere in the film does one 
become conscious of this limitation, 
nor does one feel the director aoel) 
loses grip of his materi~l. 

All things considered, however, 
Blood Simple resembles a Hollywood 
release rather than an "independ-
ent" film. Its limitations are handled 
with fluidity and flair, and the script 
is lean with high point after high 
point. Although the Caen brothers 
have done their homework in using 
murder movie references in the film, 

'Blood Simple'. 
psychopathic twitlate 
detecriw pla)'rd by 
M. Emmet Wauh 
"the most depth and 
color." 

SNORKELING 
SUNDAY MAVa 
10AM-4PM 
Learn lilt: r"nda-.en •• I. 0' •• fe .uorke lin, in Ihe CUll-
fin ... or 'he pool before advt!:lllu, in lll on 10 .he beluty 
and wonder of La Jolla Cove. 1lc prepared Iu npcn -
ence a world co..,a..ely .a.hlle oyr own. All lur wiJI 
bt prolflded . • 

~ 
--

SIgn lJP and de,,,,,, 01.4007 
CQnyonvtew Admtnbtro llve Offices 

~mon. 01_ EdUCO.1on 

, 

. ~ 

they don't seem to drive any of these 
home into a melded style of their 
own. The scene with the victim who 
won't die is a direct cop of 
Hitchcock's Tom Curtain murder 
scene, or that of cult fave Honeymoon 
Killers by William Castle. 

While much of the technique is 
classical and timeless, Blood Simple 
does look very modern . Often the 
framing and composition is too tight 
and restricting, reminiscent of the 
new Diet Pepsi commercials, and 
c r eat ing difficul t ies in the 
establishment of environment and 
how the characters move around in 
this environment. The ed its are too 
often made on action and the 
directorship of the soundtrack, 
demonstrating how lJluch video, 
MTV and television have invaded 
film and vice versa. 

Most of the acting is .fla t and 
seemIngly in~nded so, exd udingthe 
masterful portrayal of the detective 
turned murderer by M. Emmet 
Walsh. His character by far gives us 
the most depth and color , despite the 
often crass humor he thrives on. 
Since he becomes the evil that must 
in the end suffer defeat, we are 
shown the mistakes he makes leading 
to his downfall, unlike a masterful 
Hitchcock in which the audience 
remains as clueless as the 
protagonist. 

Whether your reason to see this 
film may be to catch Walsh as villain, 
check out the references to past 
murder/ mystery movies, support 
smaller productions, or simply see 
an old style thriller whodunnit and 
watch the characters unwind the 
story, Blood Simple is a good first 
outing for the Cocn brothers. At 
times, the story suffers for technique 
and cinematic quotations, but at its 
best Blood Simple is qUick and as 
clean as surgical steel, and visually 
stimulating to boot. At least the 
film's roots are buried in quality 
terrain. 

Blood Simple is currently at the 
Flower Hill Cinema in Del Mar. 

----------May 1-5 &. 9-12----------. 
• HEAT 

Directed by Regents' Lecturer Robert Woodruff 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

8:00 pm/ 7:oo pm Sunda, 
$5 - $a 

~y 8·11 
ANGEL CITY by Sam Shqard 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3 .00 

----------May 22-25----------1 
MUD by Maria Irene Fornes 

UCSD THEATRE 
8:00 pm $3.00 

-----------May 30 - June 2-----------11 
UNDERGRADUATE THEATRE FESTIVAL 

UCSD THEATRE $.99 at the door 
(Times TBA) 

CALL 452-4574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 
Ticlcets """ilable at Weiu Cencer Ticket Office 

and Vniwrsity Bwnaa Bo.x Office. 

April 25, 1985 HiGtus 5 



tMore' for art's sake in La Jolla 
More is More showcases the work 

of ten San Di~o painters, without 
regard to theme, style or content. 
Indeed, the only thing that unifies 
the exhibition is the overall quality 
of the individual works . A great 
compliment to the San Diego art 
community is that there are more 
paintings in this show than can be 
properly displayed. Unfortunately, 
many of the pieces suffer from 
overcrowding in the little gallery of 
the La Jolla Public Library (the show 
ii technically being held at the 
adjoining Athenaeum., Music and 
Arcs Library , which haa .....,.1 less 
room). 

frame; a mushroom cloud acts as the 
iris. It is impossible to tell, however, 
what the background is: from the 
bottom of the stairs it appears to be 
painted hardwood, although its 
mottled appearance could also be 
achieved with oxidized copper or 
watered silk. 

Works range from the painted 
concrete blocks (With titles like 
"Modern Rome" and "Time to 
Jump") of Tom Driscoll to Marjorie 
Nodelman's cartoonlike 'I"r,·pu"", 
Series 116." There are '"r·oP,'.r"",n_',h· 
fashion accesories 
~ove anl~~~~~~~ __ 

irrationality of dreams (paintings by 
Aviva Rahmani). 

A show of this quality deserves a 
better setting, but in the meantime it 
is commendable that they are 
available for viewing at all. More is 
More will be showing until April 27 
in the La Jolla Public Library on 
Wall Street. Admission is free, so be 
sure to drop by and support the arts 

For example, a group of paintings 
by Brent Riggs, who works at the 
M andeville Gallery, are hung in the 
stairwell leading up to the gallery. 
Although his clever use of frames 
within other picture frames can be 
appreciated from a distance, it's 
difficult to see details or understand 
his painting techniques. In "Fission 
or Fusion," a small oval frame forms 
an eye at the center of the larger 

in San Diego. . 
~Rona Hu Brent Rig.' ''Tooda of Crime" an acrylic on bocard iI ff:dt1ned in "More iI More." 

Statistical and Reporting Software 
for IBM PC/XT and AT* 

SPSS/PC is the most comprehensive statistical 
package available for performing simple or complex 
tasks, regardless of data size. It maintains feature 
and language compatibility with mainframe SPSS, 
while optimizing for the PC environment. 

Designed to maximize your productivity, SPSS/PC 
offers three-letter truncation of commands; the ability to 
batch process commands; save and enter commands 
in groups; receive on-line help; redirect input and output 
to screen, disk and/or printers and more. 

Statistics range from simple descriptive to complex 
multivariate, including Multiple Regression, ANOVA, 
Factor and Cluster analysis. Loglinear and nonpar&-
metric procedures are also included. 

Simple facilities allow transfer of files between 
SPSS/PC and programs like Lotus 1-2-3, dBase 1/ and 
SAS. A complete Report Writer, plotting facilities 
and communications program for mainframes round 
out a fully integrated product. 

For more information, contact our Marketing 
Department at: 

SPSS Inc., 444 N. Michigan Avenue, 
Chicago, IL 60611.312/329-3500. 

In Europe: SPSS Benelux B.V., P'Q Box 115, 
4200 AC Gorinchem, The Netherlandl. 
Phone: + 31183036711. TWX: 21019. 
VISA, MasterCard and American Express accepted. 

ille. PRODUCTIVITY RAISED TO THE HIGHEST POWER" 
'SPSS/PC runs on Ihe IBM PC/XT With 320K memory and a hard disk. and IBM PC/ATwtlh hard d,sk An 8087 CO'plOC8SSOf ,s recommeuded Conlao;l SPSS Inc tor othe! 
COI1'\I*IbIe OOfJ1PUI8fs IBM PC/XT and PC/AT are-trademar1<s of InlemallonalBuSInessMachlnesCorporallOrldBaseIl.salradema ... of AshlO(l· Tale 1·2·315 a Irademark 01 
lotus ~ CorporallO<1 SAS IS a reglslered Irademarl< of SAS InslllUle. Inc SPSS and SPSS/PC are l1ademarks of SPSS Inc tor "S propn(!l"ry COITl)Uter software 

, Copy"9hll985. SPSS Inc. 

6 Hiaau April 25, 1985 

, 

rAMSTER[)~'VI 
lY LONDON 
LONDON ...... '64' 

NON.","", 747 

AMSTERDAM ... '675" 
IlIIIEM IX'· I~ 

InloLONDON 
Out of~ •• '700 
Inlo AMS'I'EItIMM. 
Oul of LONDON .• .• '700 

• A.W'JILaItlt IUlfll f'nIT\.'#w.st.. Ilf £ .... dPws 
'" ,lor n ... of iw1nI<,." ~ 

EURAll.PASS 11"'~ issw:d ...... IN c ... _ '\0 
BRrTRAlL PASS F,,~ ... f~~A 
issw:d ....... "" c ... mn H",,,I, f"C H 'U,L" {1l. 

1300 DOw $1. #200 
J'.kwJlO" !leach 
CA 92660 
714·851·1787 
213· 590-8200 

Durante's 

5 & 10 
RENT-A-CAR 

e STUDENTS. STAFF. 
• FACULTYe 

WELCOME 
QUALITY 

PRE,OWNED CARS 
CREDIT CARD 

-OR-
CASH 

CALL TODAY FOR INFO. 
280 .. 9336 

I 

_ Goings on Caruso 
Opening tonight as part of the 

San Dielo Symphony', 
TchaikoViky Petti .. I, running 
until April 28, will be featured 
conductor Catherine Comet and 
Irina Tseitlin on violin. 
Performances will include 
"Capriccio ltalien," "Souvenir 
d' un lieu cher" and "Manfred 
Symphony." For concert times 
and locations, call 699-4212. 

* * * If you don't dare go off 
campus tonight tor entertain-
ment, you can go to the Center 
for MUlic Experiment at 408 
Warren Campus to hsten to 
Fanville North, a contemporary 
flute/guitar improvisational duo 
offering a provocative program 
for electric guitar and amplified 
flutes. The 8 pm concert is free 
and open to the public. For more 
information, call 452-3229. 

* * * Like the blues? If you are a fan 
of this particular style of music, 
you shouldn't miss out on Do 
Diddley toniaht at the Belly Up 
tavern in Solana Beach. The man 
with the groovy guitar won't let 
you down, and he was one of the 
first. For mOre information, call 
481-9022. 

* * * On Saturday night in the rec 
gym, you can bop till you drop, 
as the UCSD Jazz EDIeI1lble 
prelentl the second annual Big 
Band Spring Swing from 9 pm 
until midnight. Whether you 
swing, bop or rock to the music, 
the event is slated to be 11 fun one. 
Tickets are only $1 for students, 
$2 for faculry and $3 general, and 
are available· at the box office or 

at the door . For more 
information, call 452-4037. 

* * * If your Saturday night hangout 
is museums rather than gyms, the 
La Jolla Mu.eum of Contem, 
porary Art promises to be a 
happening spot as Performance 
Parameters presents Poyesis 
Genetica's complex, multi-media 
performance piece, "Ocnoceni," 
at 8 pm in the museum's 
Sherwood Auditorium. The 
piece combines postmodern and 
Latin American theater in a 
montage of images based on the 
poerry of Guillermo Gomez-
Pena in a bi-cultural collabora-
tion with Sara Jo Berman and 
Luke Theodore Morrison. For 
ticket information, call 454-
3541. 

* * * Sunday on the boob tube, for 
you music lovers, will air the 
April edition of IRS records' 
The Cutting Edge. This 
month's show includes the 
Talking Heads, Chaka Khan, the 
Minutemen, the Cruzados, the 
Stranglers, Run-DMC, Henry 
Rollins of Black Flag and guest 
hosts, the Bangles. The show airs 
at 8:30 pm, so check your local 
listing. 

* * * 
Tuesday night television (no, 

this listing hasn 't turned into the 
TV Guide; it's just a phase), is a 
special airing of the program 
"Ex-CIA Perspective on 
Nicaragua" at 7:30 pm on 
Southwestern's station Channel 
15. The program features former 
CIA analyst David MIICMieh. 
ael, whose first-hand investiga-

tion of the situation in Nicaragua 
revealed that the United States 
was aiding and abetting murder 
and mayhem in that area, and 
that all charges of Nicaraguan aid 
to Salvadoran rebels were false. 

* * * May 1 marks the "Celebration 
of Flowers" at the San Diego 
Museum of Art in Balboa Park, a 
collection of over 100 floral 
arrangements on view through-
out the galleries of the San Diego 
Museum of Art. Each 
arrangement will be specifically 
designed by San Diego Counry 
garden dubs to interpretsdected 
paintings and sculptures. For 
more information and news of 
related evenrs, call 232-7931 . 

* * * As part of the LaJolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art's evening 
film series, feature films by Erich 
Von Scroheim WIll begin 
Wednesday, May 1. "Merry-Go-
Round," a love story between a 
count and a merry-go-round 
operator, will be shown at 7:30 
pm in the museum 's Sherwood 
Auditorium. Admission is $3 for 
students. For ticket information 
and the film schedule, caU 454-
0267. 

~piled fry Roddy Bogawa 

WRITE 
FORHIATVS 

Call 452.-6580 
Today! It's soooo easy. 

" ,b, 
tL.,. " i-rv,,1. 

~f ",Jill j,~ 
L.' Jt ;1-tt., : 

" MOIULi, 
CQ.r'"V'>O'5 • 
.-;,1,( J, ... .l 

SIXTH ANNUAL EARL WARREN MEMORIAL SYMPOSIUM 

"LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL" 

HARD CASES: 
EQUALITY FOR WOMEN 

A Panel Discussion 
and Audience Dialogue 

Led by Dr. Barbara Winters. Former UCSD 
Associate Professor of Philosophy and Dr. Kristin 
Luker. UCSD Associate Professor of Sociology. 

Monday. April 29 at 7:00 pm 
Peterson Hall 103 

RAMSEY CLARK 
Former U,S, ~ttorney General 

"Individual Rights: Achievements and Challenges" 

Monday, April 29.2:30 pm 
Peterson Hall 110 
Reception Immediately Following 

Town Council Meeting 

SEARCH AND SEIZURE: 
WHAT ARE STUDENrS RIGHTS? 

Discuss this issue with Alex Landon (Executive 
Director of Defenders Program). Michael Carlton 
(San Diego District Attorney's Office), Lt. William 
Seeker (San Diego Police Department) and Sgt. 
Robert Jones (UCSD Police Department). 

Wednesday. May 1 at 7:00 pm 
Warren Apartment Commons 

CAPITAL PUNISHMENT 
SYMPOSIUM 

Film. Panel Discussion, Moot Court 
Dr. Peter Irons. Dr. Tracy Strong. and Dr. David 
Phillips of the UCSD faculty will join with 
representatives of the District Attorney's Office. 
Defenders Program of San Diego. Inc. members of 
Parents of Murdered Children, and the San Diego 
Police Department in an In-depth examination of 
the death penalty. Is it Justified? Is it fair? Is it 
effective? 

Thursday, May 2 at 9:00 am-2:30 pm 
Mandel Weiss Center for the Performing Arts 

-.-

There is no charge to UC:SD faCulty. students, and staff. For more information please phone 452-4350. EAR~ Presented by Earl Warren College and the San Diego County Bar AsSOCiation WARREN 
CD lEGE 

April 25, 1985 HiatIU 7 



SUMMER HOUSING 
1 85-

WARRE COLLEGE 
APARTMENTS 

PRESIDENT'S 
UNDERGRADUATE 

FELLOWSHIP 
The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 

Competition for 1985-86 is now open. This program is 
designed to assist exceptionally talented undergraduate 
students to carry out spedal studies and/or projects under 
faculty supervision during term time and/or vacation. Such 
projects may include research and/ or other creative 
actMtles. 

WHO IS ELI G1l3LF:: 
All single undergraduate students registered 
at UCSD during Spring 1985 quarter. A stipend is awarded for each winning project and is scaled to established need as reftected In the cost of the 

project TEPJv\ OF CONTAAG: 
Sunday, June 23 through Friday, August 30. 

Applications are available in your College Student Financial 
Services office in the Administrative Complex. 

ESTltMTED COST: The deadline for submission of all required documents will be May 24, 1985. 
$614 for the entire period; $45 deposit 
required with first payment. DAVID JAY GAMBEE 

FELLOWSHIP APPLICATIONS AND IN FOPJv\ATlON: Available at ALL Resident Deans' Offices 
beginning Tuesday, April 23. The David JayGambee Fellowship Competition for 1985-86 

Is now open. David Jay Gambee was a Revelle student who 
was killed In a tratnc accident just prior to the 1978-79 
academic year. A fellowship fund has been set up In his 
memory to assist undergraduate students to carry out special 
studies and projects in Student Government and/ or 
ecological values clarification. 

TURN IN APPLICATIONS: 
Monday, April 29 through Sunday, May 5 at 
the Warren Resident Dean's Office during 
regular office hours and 7-11 p.m. evenings 
and weel~ends. Such studies and projects may include research and/or 

other creative actMtles. The program requirements are the 
same as for the President's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program Competition. 

SUNVv\ER ROOM DAAW RESULTS: 
Posted Tuesday, May 7 

QUESTIONS? 
Applications are available in your college Student Financial 

Services Office in the Administrative Complex. 

'---------Call 452·4581------' 
The deadline for submission of all required documents will 

be MIJy 24, 1985. 

UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS 1985 
REGISTER NOW FOR UCLA SUMMER SESSIONS 

FIRST TERM 
SIX-WEEK SESSION: 
June 24-August 2 
EIGHT-WEEK 
SESSION: 
June 24-August 16 
TEN-WEEK SESSION: 
June 24 August 30 
SECOND TERM 
SIX-WEEK SESSION: 
August 5 
September 3 

There are Sflvera! reasons 
to enroll in UCLA Summer 
Sessions. Mere are just 
a few' 
Program diversity 
JCLA Summer Sessions 
offers open erirollrrent In 
nearly 600 day and evening 
classes. The Wide va1lety 
of courses encompas es 
offerings in more than 40 
academiC departments and 
profeSSional schuols. 
Special summer courses 
Include Intensive Language 
Programs In Chinese, 

8 Hu!tw April 25, 1985 

Italian, Japanese, latin, 
Portuguese, Quechua, and 
Yoruba; a new Program in 
Computing designed 
especially for beginning 
and intermediate students; 
and a special Near Eastern 
Studies Program consisting 
of intensive language 
programs in ArabiC. 
Hebrew, Persian, Turkish, 
and Uzbek, in addition to 
SOCial science courses 
fOCUSing on the region . 
Make progress toward 
a degree 
The diverse CUrriculum 
includes courses i.lppro-
priate for fulfilling both 
general and speCific under-
graduate and graduate 
degree requirements. 
Enrolling in summer 
courses brings you closer 
to your deglee, faster. And 
only a UC school can offer 
you courses for complete 
Ilnlt and grade credit 
Fulfill professional 
school requirements 
Offerings Include many 
courses applicable to 

professional school entrance 
requirements, including 
pre-medical, pre-dental, 
pre-law, and pre-business 
courses as well as graduate 
courses in management, 
library science, nursing, 
and public health . 
lighten your workload 
You (an spread out your 
load by taking a few 
summer courses. Reducing 
the number of cOurses VOll' 
ta ~ the rest of the year 
~eaves you With the time to 
concentrate on your 
remaining courses or more 
time to do the other things 
you want to get accom-
plished. Either way, you 
can satisfy minimum 
progress requirements. 
Enjoy los Angeles and 
environs 
In addition to the many 
courses offered. take 
advantage of the cultural 
and recreational opportu-
nities on the campus, in 
Westwood Vilage, and 
throughout Southern 
California . On campus 
housing is available. 

COURSES ARE OFFERED IN : 
• African languCtges • Kinesiology 
• Anthropology • latin 
• Arabic • latin American Studies 
• Archaeology • Library and Information 
• Art Science 
• Art History • Linguistics 
• Astronomy • Mathematics 
• Biology • Management 
• Chemistry & Biochemistry • Microbiology 
• Chicano Studies • Motion Pictures/ Television 
• Chinese • Music 
• Classics • Near Eastern Studies 
• Communications Studies • Nursing 
• Computer Science • • Philosophy 
• Design • PhYSICS 
• Economics • PhYSiology 
• Education • Political SCience 
• Engineering • Portuguese 
• English • Psychiatry 
• English Composition • Psychology 
• Folklore and Mythology • Public Health 
• Frer ch • Radiological Sciences 
• Geography • RUSSian 
• German • SOCiology 
• Hehrew • Spanish 
• History • Speech 
• Italian • Theater 
• Japclll se • Turkic Languages 
• JeWish Studies • W0men's Studies 

Free copies of the UCLA Summer Sessions catalog 
are now available at: 
Summer Sessions Office 
lOlA Administrative 
Complex 
Warren Campus 

Or call UCLA Summer 
Sessions directly, at 
(213) 825-8355. 


