
CUTTING 
. ~~~~\ -.- ,. THE 
\" o~ ~l.;1!I' \ . l.. 

, I ~ tL' , ' , ~r~. \ 
\ ~Ci \ <f~7'\ TIES 

Students throughout the UC 
prot~st the Unlversl1y's ties 
to South Africa's apartheid 
government. See stories on 
pages 3 and 7 plus related 

on page 4. 



2 Monday, March 11 , 1985 

Modification of the Gilman Drive 
campus entrance, begun March 4, wiD 
continue until the constr 
completed in approximately six weeks, 
according to Bob Johnson , principal 
engineer for UCSD Design and 
Construction. 

The purpose of the construction, 
which will take place on Gilman 
berween La Jolla Village Drive and Sir 
WiUiam Osler lane, is to improve traffic 
flow and increase safety for people in 
motor vehicles as well as for bicyclists. 

The present entrance consists of one 
lane of traffic with the merging of cars 
into a second lane. When construction 
is completed, the entrance wiD include 
two fuD traffic lanes plus one bike lane 
in each direction , as weD as a vehicle 
turnout for visitor information. 

The project is bei ng financed by a 
$64,000 grant from CalTrans, the 
department of transportation of the StatE 
of Cali forn ia. The bicyclists of La Jolla 
were Instrumental In the soliCiting of 
this grant to increase bicycle safe ty at 
this currently hazardous intersecti on. 

During construction, the entrance to 
the campus will remain open at all 
times, with the major work being done 
between the hours of 8:30 am and 4:30 
pm, when traffic is nO! heavy. The ramp 
from La Jolla Village Drive westbound to 
Gilman Drive northbound will be closed. 
Vehicles entering the campus from th is 
direction will stop at Gilman Drive and 
then turn right (north) to the existing 
Stop sign at Osler Lane. "Every effort wi ll 
be made to minimize interference to 
campus traffic ," assures Charles B. 
Powers, assistant vice chancellor. 

area. They must also be m a posi tion to 
accept the scholarship toward 
undergraduate or graduate engineering 
studies in an accredited school this 
September. 

A successful applicant will 
demonstrate high academic ability and a 
keen interest in professional 
development in the field of engineering. 
Work experience, especially in the 
engineering field , is of importance, as is 
abihty as a problem solver, doer, 
communicator and leadership model to 
other engineering students. 

The deadline for applications is April 
1. Personal interviews will be conducted 
with the finalists and the recipients ' 
notified May 15 . Applications and 
further information are available from 
the engineering depanments at schools 
in the Southern Cali fo rnia area or may 
be obtained from the Los Angeles 
ec tion of the SOCiety of Women 

Engineers by calling Peggy Umphres at 
(818) 796-9141 or by writing Phyllis 
Gaylard, Scholarship Committee Chair, 
7238 eawonhy Drive, Huntington 
Beach, CA 92648. 

o 
Dr. Fred N. Spiess, professor of 

oceanography at UCSD's Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, has been 
elected to membership in the National 
Academy of Engineering, it was 
announced by the academy on 
Thursday, February 28. 

Spiess was the only San Diego 
scientist elected to the academy th is 
yea r and becomes the eighth UCSD 
faculty member so honored. Sixty-seven 
new members were elected to the 
academy this year. The election is the 
highest professional distinction that can 

~----------~----------~ 
· n.L 1 

tlflU. 
· .. :. 

-

# 1 I. , ~ • ~"" .. ~-~ • . ~ r-f .. I I I' I ~ IJ • .... P'J .... '1 .... 'f ~l II , II I: iIII • 1 til • I'l1o 1 1,\1\ ..... .. 
-

IwI '1.1< 1111"" 
• ./1. ,Ao. '1 .. 

. ~ 

- -
'J ~. '1 

1 1 

Cover: The University of California's ties to 
apartheid-controlled South Africa are being 
challenged by students at UC schools, Many feel that 
the only real form of protest against the policy of 
racial segregation is to cut all financial agreements 
with the nation, The battle has heated up recently, 
especially at UClA and UC Berkeley, See the cover 
stories on pages 3 and 7, and read the related 
editorial on page 4 , 
News: The Solomon Amendment debate makes its annual 
reappearance; read about how it may affect Cal Grants in 
[Oday's "cross section." 
Opinions: An editorial on apal1heid , plus letters and 
Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: In these times of supposed conservatism, 
UCSD students are protesting Administration policies on 
fund raising and campus drinking. 
Sports: Men's volleyba ll goes the distance [0 knock off Long 
Beach City College, and baseball splits two with USD and San 
Diego State, 
Plus .. . The W eekly Calendar, 

COVER GRAPHIC BY TOM PLONKA 

Johnson said , "I feel that the new 
entrance will be very beneficial from the 
safety standpOint and should also 
Improve traffic fl ow." 

- BS 
o 

be conferred upon an engineer, 
honoring those who have made broad researc h interests include studies Wednesday. April 3 at 7:30 pm. Fr. 
imponanr contrIbutions to the field . of underwater sound and Hesburgh's ta lk will be the highlight ot a 

The Los Angeles Section of the Spiess, who also serves as director of communication systems, sea-floor da)1 of meetings and talks with both 
Society of Women Engineers is now the University of California Institute of geology and geophysics, and the StuJ t: ntS and faculty on the subject of 
accepting applications fo r its 1985-86 Marine Resources (lMR) headquartered development of ocean work platfo rms nuclear weapons and the threat to 
scholarship program. These awards, at Scripps, has been affiliated with the and deeply towed ocean instrument humanity . His visit is sponsored by the 
funded by donations from industry and institution since 1952. He has served in systems. He was one of the deSigners of Burke Lectureship at UCSD. 
. d " d Is . d d d ' . . the Floating Instrument Platform (FUP), m IVI ua , are mten e to encourage numerous aca emlc posltlons at This lecture on the nuclear weapons 

d II th fi I b d f h S · . I d' d ' . a un ique research craft that "flips" to a an a eVlate e manCla ur en 0 t e cnpps, mc u mg Irector, aSSOCiate threat will be the fi rst in an on-going 
d f . . b d d d h ' d venical position to conduct research at stu y 0 engmeenng y women. Irector, gra uate epanment c air an se ries to be offered on the UCSD 
To meet eligibility quali fications, directo r of the Marine Physical sea. campus, established in memo!}, of Fr. 

women must be enrolled in good laboratOry fo r 22 years. As IMR director, 0 Eugene M. Burke, CSP lheologian and 
standing in an engineering curriculum he coordinates a diverse statewide Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgb, scholar. The series wiD bring prominent 
leading to a Bachelor's or higher degree marine science program that is preSident of the UniverSity of Notre scholars and students together to 
in engineering in a school accredited by concerned with research, education and Da me, wi ll speak on "The Threat of explore the religious dimension of being 
ECPD or a regIOnal accrediting public service. Nuclear Weapons to Humanity" a t human. Fr. Hesburgh's talk is free and 
association in the Southern California An active seagoi ng scientist, Spiess' UCSD in Room 108 of Peterson Hall , the public is welcome. 

r.section-----------------------------------______ ~------~ 
~ 
~ 
o 

~ Solomon Bill may apply to Cal Grants 
For the second time in two years , state legislators are 

bei ng asked to deny state-funded financial aid to 
students who don't register for the draft. 

Sen. Jim Ellis (R-San Diego) has int roduced a bi ll that 
would extend proviSIOns of the Solomon Amend ment to 
state financial aid awards, such as the Cal Grant 
program. 

The Solomon Amendment was adopted by Congress 
and President Reagan in 1982 and upheld by the US 
SupreJ11e Court last year. The law reqUires students to 
provide proof of draft registration before obtaining 
federal financial aid , such as Guaranteed Student Loans 
and Pell Grants. 

Ellis' ptoposal ,",:ould effect Cal Grant A, B and C 
recipients who don 't fall ' under the state Student 
Incentive Grant Pr98,ram, said Lois McNall}', a 
spokesperson for the Student Aid Commission. 

Twelve percent of the SI00 million adminiSiered by 
the Student Aid CommisSion this year through the Cal 
Grant program is supplied by the (ederal government in 
an effon to promote ' SIlIte-fI,mded financial aid 
programs. ." 

Students whose parental Contribution 'to thei r annual 
income is S2,8OO ' or less are eligible for the incentive 
grant, which is mixed in .~!th thei r regular Cal Grant 

, • I 't ' 

.: OJ '. 

r" . 

Slate Senator Jim EI/I5 (R-San Diego). 

award , McNally said. 
Ell is' btU, co-sponsored by the' San Diego-based 

Military Order of the . World \Yars-a veterans' 
organization-was introduced 'on February 6 . 

A similar proposal. by AsseinbJ)'man 'Frank Hill (R-
Whinier) died in the Assembly 'Education Committee 
last June. The vote against the bill was split along party 

.. 

lines , with six Democrats voti ng against it and five 
Republicans approving the measure. Three Democrats 
and only one Republican abstained. 

The bill was opposed by the University of Califo rnia, 
the UC Student Lobby and the Student Aid Commission. 
·We felt it was aski ng the Universi!y to assume a law 
enforcement role nOl related to . our educational 
functi on: said Steve Arden i, UCs chief lobbyist. 

Hill wiD probably carry the bill on his side of the 
Legislature, aide Cindy Jud y said . The bill has a better 
chance in the Senate, she added. 

"The VOles aren't there in the Assembly," Judy 
co ntinued. -We've talked to Sen. Ellis about thiS, and we 
feel he may be able to get it out of the Senate and give it a 
little momentum before it comes back to the Assembly:" 

Ardeni and UC Lobby DirectorJtm Lofgren both said 
they expect to testify against the bill when the Senate 
Education Committee cons iders 'the measure. 

"Well ·beat it back this year. We're not taking a 
pashion on whether people should register for the draft, 
but when is it going to e nd. this· unnecesSllry and 
inappropriate intrusion into the financial aid program?" 
Lofgre n said. 

-JIM Roeenbell 

Monday, March 11. 1985 3 
Me~ 

• r' • .~~ 

Cover story 

UC students call for South African divestiture 
Regents picketed at UCLA 
By MELINDA SMOLIN, uc Berltclry DailyCalifomian Staff Writer, 

C HANTING "YOU CANT HIDE, you can't hide, you invest in genoc ide," a crowd of 1.200 
people- mostly UCLA students-
disrupted the UC Board of Regents 
meeting February 15, protesting the 
universiry 's investments in companies 
doing business in South Africa. 

What began as a peaceful anti-
apanheid rally grew into an angry 
demonstration that was only defused 
when UCLA Chancellor Charles Young 
promised to meet with student groups 
to discuss the issue of divestment. 

Regent Yori Wad a said , "I would be 
disappointed if students didn't do this." 

But Angel Zapata , the external 
coordinator of MEChA, a Ch icano 
student group , said, 'Those neo-fascists 
that sit on the Board will probably 
ignore us." 

He added, ' We don't want to deal 
with the buffers anymore. We want to 
deal with head honchos." 

"You can't hide, you 
can't hide, you invest in 
genocide, " 

The protest grew louder and bigger 
after the noontime rally as the crowd 
marched fro m the Bruin Walk area of 
the UCLA campus to the James West 
Alumni Center, where the regents were 
meeting. 

When the protesters, carrying 15-foot-
long signs thar read , "SlOp Apanheid 
Now" and "Stop Human Bondage ," 
found that the regents were not in 
session, they marched to UCLA's J.D. 
Morgan Center, where the regents were 
eating lunch. 

With raised fis ts the angry crowd 
repeatedly chanted, "Bring them out, 

bring them out ... . " Howeve r, the chants 
soon changed to , "Bring them out or 
we'll go in." 

The demonstra tion gained momentum 
as the crowd stomped their feet and 
clapped their hands. One by one they 
swarmed into the foyer of the small 
building where the regents were eating. 

During the protest, no extra police 
security was dispatched to the 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 

Unprecedented Entry Level Management opportunities 
to supervise employees of a Fortune 500 company 
relocating to Braa. 
We are seeking individuals who possess the foHowing: 

• An entrepreneurial spirit 
• A high energy level 
• Proven leadership ability 
• A commitment to success 

Completion of our management training program leads immedia tely to the 
supervision of 8-15 operations employees, Accountabilities include produc-
tion and quaUty manapment. team buDding, upward c:ommunlc:atlon and 
perfonnanat evaluation. Your rewards will be a defined c:araer path on 
top of an excellent pay-fur-performance .y.tem and complete benefit plan. 
Your Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university and 
desire to advance your management career makes you just the person we 
want to meet! 
Take the first step toward a successful managament career by immediately 
contacting us to discuss this exceptional employment opportunity, Please 
telephone Veotill Lawrence at (714) 910-7061, 7084. and 7109. Au.tate 
IDIuranaI Company, 1898 Gl'll8llbriar, .... CA 92821, We are an equal 
opportunity employer and we encourage women and minorities to apply. 

Berkeley protests apartheid policy 
By MICHAEL SHAPIRO, uc Berkeley Dal ly Californian 

A CROWD OF ABOUT 250 sign-toti ng protesters marched from Sather Gate to Univers ity Hall 
February 15 demanding that the UC 
Board of Regents abandon its 
mvestments in corporations doing 
business with South Africa. 

After ga thering at Sather Gate, the 
demonstrators circled California Hall . 
which houses the offi ces of most of UC 
Berkeley'S administrarors. The protesters 
then marched off campus to the 

Quit Wasting 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bri ng out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

LeARNiNG 
ceNTeR 

-

university administration building. 
Twenty-one demonstrators sat down 

in from of University Hall's main 
entrance, chanting, "UC. USA, out of 
South Africa." 

UC police officer Michael Freeman, 
addressing the crowd from inside his 
car with a public address system, called 
the rally an "unlawful assembly" and 
asked the demonstrators 10 disperse . 

Freeman warned the rallyers that 
"anyone who does not leave is subject to 
arrest .... All stud ents and staff (of UC 
Berkeley) will be subject to un iversity 
diSCipline for violarion of university 
rules." 

After blocking University Hall's 
ent rance for about an hour, the 21 
protesters began to disperse. Police 
officers apprehended one blockader, 
Micky Ellinger, as she was leaving. Jeff 
Miller, who was arrested during an anti-
apanheid protest December 7, was also 
held after he followed Elli nger. 

"They were blocking and subject to 
arrest ," said Freeman. "Even though the 
people moved it made no difference." 

Ellinger and Miller were not charged 
and were released about an hour later. 
EDinger then addressed the remaining 
demonstrators at Sproul Hall. 

"They grabbed us- they cited us-
then they got embarrassed," she said. 
"They could not decide what to charge 
us with ." 

"They targeted Micky because she's 
been active: said Andrea Pritchard , a 
member of the Campaign Agains t 
Apanheid and one of the rally 
organ izers. "This arb itraty enforcement 
of laws is reaching an intolerable level: ' 
she said. 

While the demonstrators picketed 
University HaD, Pedro Noguera , chai r of 
the Graduate Assembly, addressed the 
crowd. "The regents think they own this 
unive rSity-they value profit more than 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 

XEROX 
24 HR. 7 DAY 

percopv 
for volume jobI 

FREE • COLlAnNG 
: ~~~B.IVERY 

(willi minimum) 

WE COPY 
~60~ 6th Ave., SD, 
231·1676 

COUNCIL TRA VEL 
UCSD 
STUDENT CENTER 

452-0630 I 



Editorial 

A little pressure from the patriots 
"My viCl~ is that disinvestment could initially have Jar more psychological 

Impact than mQIt~nal impact. It would be a blow to Ihe confidence oj those 
who are pelpelmting tillS ViClOlIS system. While we cannot guarantee Ihal it 
Will push Ihem to the negotiating table wllh aulhenllc leaders oj I'v(1)' sectIOn 
oj lhe commu111ly, It IS our last chance. It IS a 11 k worth taklllg .... I have to 
keep saymg chat I am not myself present!) advocating disl11vcstme nt. Bur the 
Q/;gument {that Blacks would suffer most Jrom such a poliCY/ IS moral 
humbug . ... It is no usc bemg well-to-do when you arc a slave." 

-Bishop Desmond Tutu, South African Nobel Peace Prize Winner 
The enforcement of a policy of disinvestment in tyrannical South 

Afri a by the Reagan Administration is a very wishful request indeed . 

The US government's current policy toward the apartheid regime is 
conveniently termed "constructive engagement ," \\ hereas the 
Admmlstration says that It c;eeks to gradually bnng about an evaluation 
of South African thmkmg that would Implement structural changes In 
economic institutions to permit power sharing with Black citIzen The 
real argument for mamnanmg the regime, though . is that by abandoning 
white South Afnca , the United tates might eventually lose access to the 
country's strategic geographic pOSition and ItS vast reserves of strategic 
minerals , including 89% of the platinum In the non-communist world , 
84% of the chrome and 93% of the manganese . In other words, the US 
might experience a severe shortage in nuclear-arms elements. 

American businesses and banks have sunk $1 4 billion into a country 
where Blacks, Coloreds and Asians have vi rtually no civil rights. And 

what of constructive engagement? The Reverend Jesse Jackson states, 
"Constructive engagement has meant more military intell igence shared 
with South Africa , more trade , more acceptance of South African 
diplomats, more refusals at the United Nations to condemn apartheid." 

"There are two ways to change outh Africa," speaks Dumisani 
Kumalo, a Black outh African who works for the American Committee 
on Africa. "One is through violen e, the other is through economic 
pressure. South Afri ca may be strong militarily, but it's economically 
vulnerable ." 

Upon maki ng your decision as to whether or n ot you will personally 
lobby the UCSD Administration to cut off all fi na ncial ties with banks 
and corporations that continue to invest in South Africa, keep in mind 
that the escalation of American sanctions agains t the racist regime is not 
only an absolute necessity in order to topple a malignan t evil, but a 
social responsibility to enhance the existence of the most basic 
democratic values. 

It has been said that the campaign against apa rtheid is a form of 
selec tive morality. For example, if you ch oose to focus on this particular 
form of evil and forego considering how many other institutions 
promote a very similar type of injustice , you are fa iling to pull up the 
strongest roots of rep ression . It is a quintessentially American 
characteristic to avoid making judgments when there is a moral 
dilemma at s take. Our count ry has a un ique history of taking all the 
credit for being the last remnant of true democracy, while a t the same 
time dousi ng those who object to our galavanting interpretation of 
secula rized justice with such cliched epithets as, "You are d isgustingly 
unpatriotic ." Morali ty itself has never rea lly played an influential role in 
the world of free enterprise. The only strain of eth ical th inking that 
enters into the realm of profit-making is that which accidenta lly creeps 
OntO the bargai ning table to merely appease liberal ideologists, or so it is 
said . 

How then are you, a powerless peon in the eyes of wealthy 
multinational corporations , supposed to effect real moral change in 
South Africa and alike? 

If in fact the open market needs at least your nodding approval to 
continue to perpetuate specific supply a nd deman d situations (your VOle 
for Ronald Reagan in 1984 opened the d or for a greater confide nce to 
future South African investors who know that our Defense Department 
will be spending billions on South African materials), then your refusal 
to buy products from the offending corporations will deplete their 
influence. This act of yours, combined with a similar movement by 
thousands of others , does increase the potential of the corporations in 
question reevaluating the worthiness of their investment. Even if you 
cannot change the present Administration 's policy from one of 
"constructive engagement" with the South African government to one of 
disinvestment, you can at least take a stab at those institutions that 
support the Administration's policy. 

Even if you support a man who will not publicly condemn apartheid, 
doesn 't it seem a hit cowardly not to hreak with the sta tus qlW once in a 
wh i1e and publicly state your own convictions? The situation is not just 
going to alter without your help . Face it, you are part of a country that 
has an enormous amount of power. The simple fact that you are an 
American gives you an amazing amount of political clout. If the South 
African government finds out that the majori ty of the American 
population will take large leaps to halt the further structuralization of 
apartheid, it may very well propose sweeping reforms in the near fu ture. 
Bet on it! 

GMPHIC AATISTS: JOHN AStUE, TQt.\ PI..()NAA 
fIHOTOGRAPtDS: JCHoI A5It.£E. ~ fQEY. DfNN MoWIKlJIIMN, ROGIIUOflac. ..,.,....aND. NOt 

1l£CJAK. ~r:J( 5OFn.£Y 
STAFF' WIU1'EM: MAAK OIUlIDHleRG. ffiWI F£B\ST. JOAN FOI\URG. NoIOOEA twtMCN. I\CtoIA ItI. WtN 

~IN5ON. CHI\JSTlNA ~. ROOERT LEON E. ~F MLNC. KW.£Y NEAL.lAI.M\GIIN. 
DAWN WAAflJNm 

_,_ .. • •••• • • • .... " , ••• . ,. ... .. . ....... • ....... ... . h • ••••••••• •••• ••••• 

PASTE-UP ARTISTS: JOHN ASH..EE. 5HAAON NGQj, AI.U5ON PINSKY. DAVID rw1I::N. SEN>l WGSTAFF 
1'YPESE11EA.S: KEN ~E. J~ HN>4SEN, PHlJI ~ IWIIEl. ~ 
BUSINESS MAHAGEJI.S: CHP.IS~, St£NDl CWO() 

Monday. March 11 . 1985 .5 

~<ettft<elf~n<eilit<eIr~~tettfttelf~n<e{tft<e1r~n<e~fr®rr~n~llit~rr~n~~fr~1r~ll~~tt<e;rr~ll<eilit~lf~n~{tft~lf~ll<eftfr<e1r~il 
frtelr~letter.n<eilit<eIrAll<e{tlt<elf~n®~fr®lf~n~\t~®rr~n®fr~®rr~n®~~<elf~ll<e~{t<elr~ll<eilit<elr~ll<efctt<elr~ll<e{tfr 

Jr~ll<eilit~rr~ll<e{t{t<err_~nce~fr<e1r~n®~tt®rr~n~tti1~If~n®frttce;1i~n®~ttcelf~n®tt~<e1r~ll<efctt<elr~ll<eilit~lr~ll~W®lf 
Compassion & incompassion 
Editor. 

I al11 d ls.lppoimed with the title you gave to my 
letter. I think the ti tle. "Towering In lemo." is satiric~ l . 
Out of context. and distasteful. I would have much 
preferred "Choose Life" as a litle. 

1'111 <l111.1zed that 1'111 the only one who had anything 
to 5.IY .Ibout this suicide incidenl. I think that's sad. 

Bronwen Ray 

Editor. 
I found Yllur response to WIlliam G Wixted 's le[ter 

Just .IS rol11antlc ,\ 5 hIS lener was reactlOn.IT}'. Your 
lOmme ntS h.mJly "se t the record str.llghl " I he notion 
th,n tcphen Robens burned himself [0 death "to 
chcmpltfy the irrationality of the nuclear race" and 
help us "unde rst.md our own r.lllon.ti InSJntty" 
(wh.never that means) IS rtdi culous .tnd hopelessly 
romantic. Mr. Robert 's death .lChleved nothing. except 
to creatc another tmgcdy for the Glwniwil to 
sensationalize uicide only excl11pltfies 1I need for 
help SuiCide nevcr aIds In understanding Jnylhing. 
SUICide IS the ultimate selfish aCI. sell-muulation of the 
highest caliber. SU ICide is not 1I :.t.IlCl11e m ope n to 
romantIc IIltcrpretatlon. 

Ralph B. Hanna 

Editor. 
Plc.l,e pnnt this letter in response to Willimn G 

Wlxtcd [ll 's (MlIrch 7, 1985). 
Bil l, you Ignorant slut! 
So sOl'lY to hear I[ WilS an IllCOnVCnlcnce for }·ou. I 

s) mpath IZC .tnd kn ow how you must have dee ply 
suflered after that "horri fyi ng and gruesome 
c,Xpcnence." It must h.lv(' Ultcrly dashed }"our 
enthUSiasm tha t da)' But what abnut the emotional 
dlstres~ )'llU lelt Poor WtII)'. \Vtll rou ever be ahle 10 
put ~hc sh.mered pIeces of your Iile rogcthcr ag.lin? 

\01 .IS much as )'ou might thtnk Btii. hut did you 
knlll\ th..l l people don't like manlJll.tw (fences. cops. 
checkpOints . • rnd "hit hkc [hat). 

1I-1.I}'hc \\,Ith your eloquence and ch.lnn though. you 
might COnVI IKl' those "downs In the Jdmrnlstration" t 
erect "Ign, .Iround thc cdmpu" directing ,Ill persons 
(except tranSIents , Ih e), should Immedia tely be shot) 
JCSlrtng to camml[ suicide to J specl.llly destgnated 
stcnle .\T(~.I. b r ,Iway from .In)' student population . 

I'ersonaliy Billy. I think ),ou're an incol11p.lsslon.lle 
JJek.!ss. 

Aaron P. Seeler LXIX 

Editor: 
I (()O was one of thc first arrivals at the scene of 

Stcphcn Robens' SUI Cide There were several or us who 
aucmptcd "-Ivmg h I" life on the Central libraty 
bakony s('vcr.ti Sunday eve nings past. Each has been 
aliccled b> the clear re-runs of the inCident .IS It plays 
at our minds The viewing of a human \ 1 ho ,\llcl11pted 
wking hIS own Idc , Ihe Iccl of ch.ITn:d t"UIll sk in , the 
ste nch 01 bumt hair .lIld the Illll11eth"t(' p.IIlIC thaI 
spread through those abo III ,·iew. \\,111 newr fade from 
111)' memory 

I .11ll a \ 'OICl: lor the othe rs In thiS :'lngle respect, as 

they like myself, have feelings. I speak for those who 
have lost many nights sleep and count less hours 
dayd realmng III recollection of the horrrfying IIlcldenl. 

What I cannot speak lo r are the views of W.G. 
Wixted In hiS letter "Fence in SUICide ," GLwrdlan . 
Thursda}', March 7, 1985 . In the letter he refers to 

lephen Robens as a "tmnsient." Obviously he ha s not 
conS idered thiS person a human being sensilive of 
feeling, and capable of reason. His narrow view of 
IhlS IS rellceled throughout hiS letter. I hope one timc 
In hiS life he becomes "very dirtr, unshaven . and 
canylng .1 b.lg wit h their (his) en ure wordl}' 
posse, lons." as he relerred tlJ the man who commillcd 
sUlllde. II 111.IY be humbling. 

I ,1m s.lddened for Stephen's glrllncnd . thc Robens 

Doonesbury 
.. ANfJmt5CI?VAlIVEI..'ISPfAK-

1,1/6, IAI& 7HINK 7H1S PROJUT 
CfXIW RAIs{; a.OS£ 7D 

1200MIU/ON' 

fal11i1}' .• md those who knew hIm as a human. I am 
also saddened for W G. Wixted who in witnessing this 
SUIC Ide. has bypassed ItS meaning and purpose, only 
to use it as a ve hicle for some of hIS own inhuman 
views. 

Kirk Vincent Dye 
The educated few 
Editor: 

Someday It IS my hope that J Untverslty wi ll be 
hable for the railure to educate With regard to "kohol 
.rnd psychoactive sub td nces. As .I cdmpus l11inl ter, 
Interested In the qU'lht)' of sllIdent Ide. I am concerned 
that the focus for thIS Issue often centers on the 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 6 ~ 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

UW5 
"f/UN68< 
1ft/AfRICA"? 

\ 

EXPERIENCE ..• MAKING DECISIONS EASIER 
, a Total Club Experience 

1 B or over 
laser beams 
Indoor pyrotechnics 
Super Sound 
Three dance floors 
Phenomenal videos 

THUASDAY: CASHAI DANCERS 
SUNDAY: L'DANCE ••• the Show ' 
MAACH 31 st - KS-103-0HI EXPRESS 

Open Thurs. thru Sun. 9:00 P.M. (Last Call: 5:00 A,M.) 
Pasea de los Heroes 50, Tljuona (One mile from the Border) 

INFO: (619)421-2036 

. 

Family Planning Associales Medical Group's professional conce rned 
slaH can gille you Ihe support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Caliloday for on immediate 
appointmenl. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results whi'le ypu wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYN ECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

• FAMILY PlANNING ASSOCIATES 
MEDICAL GROUP 

Son Diego 
(619) 287-8226 



6 Monday, March II, 1985 

n~iliterrln~ilit~lr~n~{tlt~rrln~rut~rr~n~tttt®lr~n®tttt®lf~n®~tt<elf~ntetttt<eIr~ll~\t 
tt~rr~letterSn~\ttt~lrlnteilit~rr~n®iktt®lf~n®ttfr~lr~n®tttt<e;lr~n®tttt<elr~n<etttt~Ir 

Committee was set up by the AS 
External Affairs ommission under the 
auspices of the AS Council. The 
organization of this commmee was 1I 
joint effort including myself, Katherine 
Silsbee , AS Lobby Annex Director, 
Annetle Roberts, External Affai rs 
Commissioner, and the remainder of 
the AS External Affairs Commission. 
Although I have contributed to the 
Financial Aid Action, by no means am I 
the sole contributor to this effort. 

< CONTINUED FROM PAGE' < 
legal and image liabIlities to the 
University much to the detriment of the 
educational task Ihat could make a 
difference. Again , I'm not surprised to 
find at UCSD the student population 
advocating the need for education and 
awareness if behaviors are to ever 
change. If students can be motivated by 
common sense wherein lies the failure 
of those of us higher rninds within 
these halls of learning to erve this 
important cause through education. II is 
a moral imperative that the educated 
best not overlook. 

Robert Wagener 
United Campus Minister 

Thanks, Brothers 
Ediror: 
The Che afe Collecnve would like to 

publicy thank ZBT fraternity for coming 
down on February 24 and helping 
members of the C he Cafe work on 
improving the building and grounds. 
We are pleased that diverse student 
groups help each other toward their 
goals of serving fellow students. We 
hope this foslers an atmosphere m 
which many other student groups find 
themselves working together. 

We invite all students to come down 
and look around at the work bemg done 
by ChI' Cafe members and others. We 
invite everyone to join in and help us 

Looking for a University that Cares About Yau? 
/. il)O.11 • f d' f d 7:JtllP'~ tram or a rewar mg uture an ~ study with professors that you can get to know at,., 
~ The University of Judaism 

B.A , PROGRAMS • Lee College 

MA PROGRAMS 

a unique 4-year liberal arts 
college combining the study of 
Jewish and Western Civilization 

• TRANSFER STUDENTS WELCOME 
• Judaica 
• Rabbinics UTS affiliates) 
• Education 

M.B.A. PROGRAMS • Jewish Cornrnunal Service 
• Not-for-Profit Management 

University of Judaism / Adrnissions 15600 Mulholland Drive 
Los Angeles, C A 90077 (213)476-9777 or ( 213)879-4ll4 

Leslie Goldfarb, Assistant Director of Admissions 
will be at UCSD on Tuesday, March 12. 

Call 583-6080 for an appointm.ent. 

---------March 6,8, 10, 12, 14 & 16--------
FROZEN ASSETS 

Outrageous British comedy by Banie Keeffe 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

$5.00 

----------March 13,15& 17---------
SHACHIAPANG: A WORK IN PROGRESS 

(subject 10 change) 
MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

$5 .00 
-----------March 14 at 1 pm---_______ _ 

March 15 &. 16 at 7:30 pm 
HAMLET Project 

Directed by Eric Christmas 
UCSD THEATRE (On WarreTi Campus) 

Free 

----------March 15 5-8 pm ----------
March 16, 19 & 20 4-7 pm 

GRADUATE DESIGN EXHIBIT 
MANDEVILLE EAST ROOM (AJjacL'TI t to auditorium) 

Free 

___________ April 5 & 6 only----------
Japan's Sutuki Company of Toga 

THE TROJAN WOMEN 
Acclaimec1 at the LA Am Olympics as 

"One of the single greatL'st nights 
in the whole sweL'/J of worlJ theatre, 
an eX/JCnenCl! of shartL'ring Im/Jact. " 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
$17/ $i1 SCIM.iL.,lfs 

CALL 452-4574 FOR RESERV A TJONS 

achieve our goals, to suggest new goals , 
and to share in the return as each 
successtve goal is met. 

David Shayer 
Member, Che Cafe Collective 

Modest Guy 
Editor: 

After reading about 'The World 
According to Bcnnen" I was pleased that 
the proposed financial aid cuts are 
getting the attention that they deserve as 
these cuts do po e a se rious threat to 
stude nts. However, there are a few 
points which I feel demand clarification. 

First, the Financial Aid Action 

Secondly, the letler-writing campaign 
which I have proposed is still under 
consideration by the AS Council. When 
it is approved it will be a project 
sponsored by the AS Council and will 
involve the effo rts of o thers and myself. 
Thank you for putting credit where it is 
due . 

Greg Arnold 
SBPC Representative 

Lean on us for 
vourtravel 
education. 

Your travel career will go places when 
your training is the best it can be. Our 
265-hour course includes 40 hours of 
the most innovative airtine computer 

training available. Day and evening 
Next day closs storts classes. 

Mar. 18 
Please coli for 

Information on 298-0890 
evenln\;j classes. 

_-_s,~~ 
7801 Mission Center court 

THE ALL NEW 

REOPENS ... 
March 11, 1985 

Come and Experience the all 
New Decor and Menu. Featuring 

Fresh Baked Cinnamon Rolls, 
Puffy Omelets and Homemade 

Pizza in a Comfortable 
Natural Setting. 

Breakfast Served From 7:30 am to 
Lunch/ Dinner Served From lO:30am to 

• 

Monday, March 11 , 1985 7 
Ne~ 

• .., yo; w. • " " ~ • , .~. . • ; -;.~ . '."' . . • "t.. "' -' ." • wz.x.;.:;%: , :-: 

Cover story (continued) 

State leaders propose anti-apartheid legislation 
By JANE ROSENBERG, Sacra mento Correspotldent 

BlACK LEGISLATIVE LEADERS unveiled Tuesday, Feb. 26, the long-awaited anti-apartheid 
legislative package which includes a 
resolution calling on the Univesriry of 
California to cut ties with the South 
African academic world. 

The non -binding resolution , written 
by Assemblyman Elihu Harris, D-
Oakland, is one of eight bills in the 
package which has been in the works 
since last year, when the Free South 
Africa Movement began staging protests 
in Washington DC. 

Harris did not attend the press 
conference announcing the legislation, 
but the chairwoman of the Assembly 
Ed-ucation Committee said the 
resolution wouldn't hamper academic 
freedom becausc the bill only addresses 
the use of taxpayer dollars . 

"They can do anything they want 
with private funds ," Teresa Hughes, D-
Los Angeles, said. "That's their academic 
freedom ." 

Hughes joined Black Caucus 
Chairwoman Sen. Diane Watson, D-Los 
Angeles, and Assemblywoman Gwen 
Moore , D-Los Angeles, to announce the 
package , which includes bills on 
divestment, political prisoners and 
South African athletes. 

Hughes also said she would 
enco)M3ge UC professors to work with 
South-Africans , as long as no taxpayer 
money financed their projects. 

"They might come out with the truth, 
that this nation is very, very oppressive," 
Hughes said. "They can still get private 
foundation grants. The taxpayers don't 
finance most of the research at the 
University of California." 

Hughes said UC officials shouldn't 
worry about the resolution , but she 
added she doesn't anticipate immediate 
support from the University. 

"I don't know what to expect from the 
University. But they're intelligent, and 1 
expect them to read it for what it's 
worth," she said . 

Hughes was also uncertain whether 
any of the cultuml and scientific ties 
specified in the bill exist between UC 
and the minority white government in 
South Africa, and she added , "I'd love to 
find out." 

UC spokespersons have said UC has 
no special scholarships or exchange 
programs concerning South Africa , but 
that wouldn't preclude individual 
campuses from inviting students and 
professors to work or study in special 
departments. 

Currently, four UC San Francisco 
professors are attenJillg an international 
conference on liver disorders at the 

University of Capetown in South Africa. 
The four California scientists are among 
eight Americans attending the 
conference. 

Professors o ften pay their own way to 
such confere nces or use money from 
government grants for expenses, a UCSF 
spokesman sa id . The University didn't 
pay for the trip, he added. 

Harris' bill will be formally introduced 
in the Assembly this week, sa id Mark 
Harris, the Assemblyman's chief of staff. 
The Black Caucus is hoping that Harris' 
proposal , along with the divestment 
measures, will convince California to 
follow the lead of s ix other states, 
including Wisconsin and Maryland . 

Calling the institutionalized racism 
known as apartheid "aparthate ," to 
"emphasize the kind of hate 
programmed in South Africa ," WatsOn 
said the Reagan Administration's 
approach to South Africa was ineffective 
and legislative action was necessary. 

"The suffering and destruction of the 
way of life in South Africa is far tOO 
serious to allow meaningless and 
deceitful phrases such as 'constructive 
engagement' and 'quiet diplomacy' to 
substitute for democratic solutions," she 
said. 

Watson also criticized the Sullivan 
Principles, a voluntary set of rules on 
discrimination for businesses working in 
South Africa, and said the caucus' 
legislation would "put some teeth" into 
them. 

The divestment bills would affect $14 
billion in state money invested in 284 
Fortune 500 companies, Watson said. 
Some 216 Fortune 500 companies don't 
have ties to South Africa, she noted , 
arguing that trusrees over state funds 
could still meet their responsibility of 
making the most profitable investments 
possible if divestment were to occur. 

"You talk about responsibility, but is it 
responsible to take public dollars and 
invest in a country that is 
discriminatory?" she asked, "That is the 
height of irresponsibility." 

The bills include: 
- A second Harris bill, calling on the 

US State Department to deny visas to 
South African athletes; 

- A resolution by WatsOn calling on 
Congress to support free elections in 
South Africa, based on the concept of 
one person, one vote; 

-A bill by Assemblywoman Maxine 
Waters , D-Los Angeles, mandating a 
five-year divestment of state funds in 
any bank doing business in South 
Africa; 

-A bill by Sen. Bill Greene , D-Los 
Angeles , and Watson to divest public 
retirement funds investment in banks 

THE FUTURECOPY PLACE 
Copies· ReductIonS' En .... gement. 

Pa.sport Photos· BInding' And much more' 

Mon.· ThurI. 
Frt. 

Sat . 
SWt. 

41/z( 
Self Service Copies 

lam·lpm 
lam-6pm 
• Oam-a pm 
.2 noon·1 pm 

.7-3771 
l1li Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(Near lalphll 1a¥On) 

d oing business in South Africa or any 
totalitarian country; 

- A resolution by Hughes protesting 
the sale of Kuggerands and urging 
advertisers and businesses to remind 
their customers that the US now has an 
arms embargo on South Africa; 

UCLA 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 
demonstration. 

The protesters' loud chanting 
continued inside the foyer. But when 
none of the regents came out, the crowd 
went outside, where they nOisily wai ted 
fo r the regents to finish lunch . 

"By and large they listened to the 
students (while having lunch) ," said 
Wada. "But the regents were surprised 
that this kind of event would take place 
on the UClA campus ," he said . 

Wada said that although the regents 
listened to the protest , it would probably 
not have an effect on their opinion. 

Student Body Presidents' Council Vice 
Chair Dora Tovar, who was having 
lunch with the regents , said that while 
the regents had been informed that 
students were preparing a rany, they 
were surprised by the strength and 
organization of the demonstration. 

At Tovar's request, Regents Wada, 
Sheldon Andelson, Yvonne Burke, 
Student Regent Fred Gaines and Board 
Chair Vilma Martinez went outside to 
talk to protesters who were delaying the 
regents from returning to their meeting 
by blocking the entrance. 

Protesters began engaging in a 
spontaneous debate with the regents. 

"They are sending out the people who 
have the good voting record," Zapata 
said. "It's not every day you get to speak 
to a regent." 

He added, "(The protest) is not only 
about apanheid in South Africa, it's 
about affirmative acrion. This (UClA) is 
the University of South Africa." 

Zapata said Maninez told him she 
would oppose immediate divestment. 

"She sold out: Zapata said . "We want 
people who are going to represent our 
interesrs, nOl the Regents' interests." 

Wada said that some of the regents 
do have stock in companies that do 
business in South Africa. "I'm not sure 
whether that has anything to do with 
their voting." 

A report on UC's investments in 
companies doing business in South 
Africa is being prepared for the Regents' 
June. meeting at UC Santa Cruz. ~ 

-A resolution by Moore calling for 
the release of Nelson Mandella , the 
leader of the African National Congress 
who has been imprisoned for 21 years; 

-A resolution by Moore protesting 
the exchange of nuclear weapons and 
othe r technology with South Africa. 1m 

UCB 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3 < 

. peopie ," he saId . "We must conti nue to 
protest every time the regents meet until 
they decide to dives!." 

The rally, sponsored by the Campaign 
Against Apartheid and the UC 
Divestment Coalition , concurred with 
Thursday's Regents meeting at UCLA. 

The protesters demanded the Rege nts 
consider changing the June divestment 
heanng to May 17, when the Regents 
plan to meet at UC Berkeley. 

Miller, a member of CAA, also 
demanded student input to "alternate 
divestment schemes." 

When Officer -Freeman asked the ISO 
demonstrators at University Hall to 
disperse , the protesters claimed 
"harassment" and violation o f their 
rights to free speech and assembly. 

"They are trying to stop this 
movement ," charged Billy Nessin, who 
was arrested at December's 
demonstration. "We will not allow sound 
equipment to move us," he said, 
referring to the police megaphone. 

Henry Clark cf the Free South Africa 
movement said, "We will not be 
intimidated for exercising our rights to 
freedom of speech and assembly. 1 don't 
care how many police or cameras there 
are." 

The rally was filmed by UC police 
officers to "gather evidence," a UC 
police officer said. 

ASUC Senator Ross Hammond drew 
applause when he announced the ASUC 
Senate had passed a bill 23-0 asking the 
Board of Regents to divest its 
investments from companies operating 
in South Africa. 

When the demonstrators dispersed at 
University Han, the rany moved back to 
campus and continued at the doors of 
Sproul Hall . UC police locked Sproul 
Hall's front entrance for about an hour. 

Protester Rhodney Ward said the 
marchers tried to confuse the police by 
moving to Sproul. "It 's a new tactic ," he 
said , "sit-and-run CD (civ il 
disobedience)." ~ 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr, 
455--0662 

Tired of Studying? 
Take a break-

Come to B}'s and 
Feed 4 far only $10.25!(+(ax) 

(Includes any large one topping pizza 
and a pitcher of soft drink,) 

Dine in only. Prl!St!nr coupon when ordering_ 
One coupon per purchase . Expires ..... 15-85. 



8 MOllday. March II. 1985 

L/:~~ ~~( ~) ) 
o O(~~ ~:~~. ( ~) )II~) 

AS Election Calendar 
Filing Period 

March 11, 1985,8 am to March 18, 1985, 4:30 
pm. File forms with the Student Activities 
Office (Marietta). 

Candidates Meeting 
April 1, 1985, 5 pm in Nonh Conference Room 

Campaigning 
From 8 am, April 2 thru closing of polls on 
April 10, 4 pm. 

Voting 
April 9 &: 10, 1985. Polls open 9 am to 4 pm 

Polling Places 
Revelle Plaza 
Gym Steps 
Muir Quad 

Third Quad 
Warren/ Regis trar' s 

Campaign Materials 
All materials must be removed by noon of the 
2nd day of voting. 

For more information call x4083 or come by 
the Student Activities Office. 

No Filing During Finals or Spring Break!!! 

Lecture Notes Finals Week! 
Monday (3/18) 10-3 pm 

Tuesday (3/19)/Wednesday (3/20) 10-1 
Thursday (3/21) 10-12 

Pick up notes by Thursday (3/21) because your 
cards are invalid after that. 

For a good time: 
Call John Trumpler, AS Commissioner of 
Appointments and Evaluations at 452-4450. 
Get involved in your school and students. 

Check out the goods at the Food Coop 
The Food Coop now has new bulk products: pasta, flour, 

rice, beans, yeast, etc. Come by for these or just for a bagel 
and juice. 

TGI F ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
PROGRAMMING 

N I~x'r 'f(; II; MAI(. 15 'rJ I 
FEATURING: 

'1'1iE NEA'I'&S() I(E'/~~AL 
FRI DAY, MARCH 1 Yrn - 4·: 00 PM ON TIlE HUMP. 
TGIF T-SHIRTS ON SALE. 

SQUARE PAN PIZZA, PEPSI, AND REFRESHMENTS. 

~~Ragtime ~~ 
I I \ 1 1 ,- I I I j' I,' -,-r Ie Y\ , J II.. t 1 ,1 \ 

I I \ II ~. Ii! L II \ I I 

RISC'y Business 
The Spring All-Cal trip to Jackson Hole has been sold-out! 

However we are accepting reservations at the box office for 
an additional bus. $287 includes transportation, 
accomodations, 5-days of lift tickets, parties, events and 
fun! Sign up today at the box office or call x4037 for more 
infonnation. 

Society of Women Engineers 
Wednesday, March 13 from 5-6:30 pm. 2102 Urey Hall. 

Topic: "Career Opportunities for Engineers at UCSD." Ms. 
Dorothy Parsons from the UCSD personnel office will talk 
about engineering pOSitions available at the university and 
the medical center. 

Attn: SCUBA club members 
There will not be a meeting this month. Next club meeting 

will be the 2nd Wednesday of April. Don't forget the 
planned trip to the J. Hunter Memorial Recompression 
Chamber over spring break. 

Israel Action Committee Meeting 
Our last meeting of the quarter is on Monday, March 11 at 

5:30 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge. For more info call 
Micah at 587 -0942. 

SUN 
GOD 
FESTIVAL '85 
is coming!!! 

.. , 

Don't be left out in "the wings." Get involved 
now! Needed for spring quarter are: roving 
entenainers, clowns, mimes, jugglers, balloon 
specialists, performers for the stage, volunteers 
for the day of the event and earlier. Call 452-4450 
for more information. 

$$$ JOBS $$$ JOBS $$$ JOBS 
Notetakers needed for spring quarter! 

Apply now, deadline is Friday, at 3 pm. 
Cours.es available in the following departments: 

Biology, chemistry, communications, contemporary 
issues, economics, EEjCS, psychology, SOciology, 
political science and more. Aquire job referal and 
apply at the lecture notes office. For more info call 
x6238. 

U$ Grants is giving away money! 
Get a g~ant of up to $500 to help out with that special 

academic or creative project you have been thinking about! 
U$ Grants has $5,000 to fund undergraduate academic 
projects this spring quarter. For important information and 
a grant application form, attend a grant workship this 
Wednesday from 5:30 - 6:30 in the Multipurpose Room, 
upstairs in the student center. Any questions? Call 452-
3917. 

Tired of wide open spaces? 
Then shop at the 

General Store Coop 
where you'll find soap, band-aids, 
toothbrushes and lots more. 

Open 8:45-5 pm Monday-Friday 
Located in the student center 

Chance for health promotion experience 
Sign ~p for spring quarter training class to become general 

health - Student Health Advocate Volunteer. Class begins 
Thursday, April 11 from 2:30 to 4:30 pm. 4 hours a week for 
7 weeks. Meet at Student Health , 2nd floor. Call Health 
Education - 452-2419 - with questions or to sign up. 
Preregistration is encouraged. 

Monday. March 11.1985 9 

/ , 
I .. , 
~\ 
·f 

Are you listening?!! 
It's 10% off all this week! 

That's Right! 
No, I'm not delirious, 

I'm completely serious! 
10% ofT everything! 

all this week at 
Assorted Vinyl 

(Your music source) 
and 

There's some other goodies, too! 
Assorted Vinyl Assoned Vinyl Assoned Vinyl Ao;sorted Vinyl 

Opportunities abroad available 
The International Club wants to infonn you about our new 

Opportunities Abroad Office located upstairs at the UCSD 
International Center. Drop by and find out about your 
options: Study abroad - summer academic year. Work 
abroad -Internships, volunteer, career. Travel and funding 
info available. The world is at your doorstep, take the 
initiative and find out more! For more info, call Catherine 
Gamon, Opportunities Abroad Office Director. 9-4:30 pm 
452-3730. 

Immediate Internship Openings! 
If you are interested in doing an internship starting now, 

ASIO has two new internships available. One involves doing 
biological research for the SD Zoo. The other requires 
someone with computer experience who is fluent in 
German. For more info, stop by our office above the game 
room in the student center or caU 452-4689. We're open 
daily 9 am to 3 pm. 

National Society of Black Engineers 
The National Society of Black Engineers meeting is 

Sunday, March 17 at 6 pm in the North Conference Room. 
Students from technical and science majors invited. 



Monday! March II , 1985 

Fountain of youthful protest 
By REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL 

I RESPO 'SE TO Dr. Richard WhItehill's suggestion at the recent Revelle College Council meeting of Febnlary 20. 1985 , we are addressing the proposed 
modifications to the existing alcohol poll y as 
dlscu sed. These opinion are shared by the entire 
Revelle College COLIn il. 

In examining the seven arguments used as 
Justlfic,\tIon for the proposal, we find several inherent 
naws. First. the definition of "stewardship" as 
presented is not onSlstent wllh our vIews. We agree 
that the Univ rslty has a responslbillry to provIde 
guIdance and prote tlon, but it should do this b), 
provIding alternatives ra ther than b>, Imposing amllrJry 
values. Thl role would Include edu atlonal programs, 
development seminars , and Informanon dispersal. 
Some specific examples would bc: 

1. Programs dunng ori enta tion discussing the 
current alcohol policies , p roblems. and restrictlon-
and in addition . a diSCUSSIon of the possible 
adverse effects of psychoactive substances. 
2. Ongoing programs organized and supervIsed b>, 
the ReSIdent Advisors 

3. Periodic programs sponsored by the University 
itself, disseminating infonnallon about psy hoactive 
subsl<l nces. 
4. Psychoactive substance abuse cli nI CS offe red on-
campus for that mlTIorlry which may he In need of 
such facilities . 

5. Educational programs regarding the benelits of 
alcohol and other psychoactive substances. 
6 . Programs whIch would promote stud em concern 
for theIr fellow students. and also proVIde some 
methods of dealing with potential problems. 

Although the universiry has made some a ttempts to 
fulfill this respunslbllity, we do not see a convicllon to 
education that IS of the same magni tude as the 
proposed auempts at regulation . 

Furthermore, we realize that the majori ry of the 
s tudents attending UCSD are over 21 . but by the same 
token almost all of the students are over 18. At the age 
of 18: we are considered legal adults, held responsible 
for our actions. can vote and can be drafted to die in a 
war. We have a dIffIcult time accepting your statement 
that we are immature and irresponsible to the extent 
that we a re incapable of making our own value 
judgments and need admi nistrators to make them for 
us. 

Second , the use of the term "i rrespons ible" IS 
ambiguous; by what standards would you define 
irresponsib ility? Moreover, what Justification do you 
have for your attempt to do so? Responsible IS 10 be 
defined by the individuill. unless defini te signs of 
damage to self or soclery are consistently present. 

ThIrd. we agree that there is il necd for a code of 
conduct and set of rules. but the existing policy seems 
10 be, for the most part . quite adequa te. Rather. more 
effort should be made to encourage students. faculty. 
and staff to be aware of the contents of the current 
policy 

Even if we were to dIsregard the /laws found within 
the committee's preamble, we would still find the 
proposal completely unsatisfactory fo r seveml reasons. 
Of major importance is the idea of a dry campus-to 
which we believe the proposal would lead . At least SIX 
major problems are readily appa rent: 

[ Clandestine parties. Prohibitory activities whIch 
would attempt to discourJge student parties would 
not StOP them; II would serve only to d rive them 
underground . create antisocwl drinking patterns. 
and promote clntisoci.ll behavior in geneml. 

2. The signifll:ant decrease In cilmpus func tions ilt 
which alcohol IS present wCluld merely result III an 
increase 111 olf-campus funmons and probably lead 
to an increase 111 the number of drunk-driVIng 
inCIdents. 

3. It is highly probable that If akohol were made 
more difficult to obtain . more people may tum to 
alternative psychoac tive substances. the effects of 
whic h would undoubtedly prove more harmful than 
alcohol. 

4 . Administrative ce nsure would c reate attractive 
mystique by addll1g the cha llenge of bedting the 
system. Because of thIS, the act of dnnking would 
become .~ pnmJry goal mther th.1I1 d supplement to 

5. The effects of this policy would ultimately create 
blatant and public rebellion to the enforcement of 
the policy. 
6. A dry campus and the negative publiciry accrued 
as a result would make UCSD a less popular and 
less attractive campus, both to current as well as 
prospective students. 

Another imnportant p roblem we fi nd with the 
proposal is the strict stance regarding commerCIal 
sponsorshIp of public events by alcohol companies . 
First . II is not only incorrect. but ridiculous, to assume 
that the sponsorship of any event by a company that 
produces <llcohol necessarily promotes "irresponsible" 
alcohol consumption. Second , not only is it not 
-consistent with the educational goals of the universiry" 
to dictate with whom we mayor may not affi lime, it is 
also inconsistent WIth US statutes; discriminatory 
practicies in whic h some companies are allowed 
ildvertising freedom on campus and others are not is 
definitely in violation of these statutes. We would 
suggest that. should you make allegations regarding the 
supposed connection between adve rtiseme nts by 
alcohol compJnles an d "irresponsible" dri nking, you be 
prepared to defe nd them with facts . 

Also of great concern is the inconsistency created by 
the proposed limitation of the size of beverage 
contai ners . It is obvious that the intent o f this 
stipulation is to prohibll kegs . presumably to decrease 
consumption . and . as a result , rowdiness. What you 
are saymg. In other words . is that liquor can not be 
held In one large container, but must be held In 
several smilll containers. This seems somewhat ' 
hypocri tical In light of the fact that the consequences 
of th IS sllpulation would not result in an overall 
decrease in the amount of alcohol consumed. It would , 
however, lead to hard alcohol being the most 
convenient beverage of choice. It has been our 
experience thm functi ons with beer are muc h more 
controlled because less actual alcohol is consumed 
dUring the course of the evening, than functions a t 
whIch hard alcohol is served to the exclUSIOn of other 
beverages. 

Other problems mclude a definition of living space, 
a definition of "reasonable limit" of alcohol. 
dIstinctions between regulations regarding campus-
WIde vs. private parties, reasons you are bannmg 
outdoor events with alcohol if there is reasonable 
control and a 30-day lead time (as opposed to 14-day 
lead time. for example) for processing of requests for 
events in which alcohol IS to be served . 

Even after hdvlng t:arefully reviewed your proposal. 
we find the current policy (as defined in the 
handbook. UmYCrslty oj CalY(}n11<1 PoliCII:s (lmi UC Sa n 

Diego Ca mpus Regula tions Applying /() Campus ActiVities. 
O,xanizalions, and Students) to have more merit and be 
more appropriate thiln th il t which you have submitted. 
It is quite possible that the greatest attention needs 10 
be paid to the interpretiltion and methods of 
en forcement of that polic>,. however. 

There arc twO p oints which are ope n to 
interpretation. and should be cla rifi ed and/or stated 
more conci sely: that dealing with private space, - . . . 
Private offices/ space where a social function or small 
meeting is being held in the presence of an 
appropriate University official or fa culty member". and 
that which deals with reasonable limit , - . .. The 
amount o f alcoholic beverages available shall be 
reasonably limited by the size of the target population 
whIch may legally drink." Regarding the latter, our 
private space is our living quarters. These include not 
only our bedrooms, but our living rooms (read . 
-lounges") as well. We, like other tenants, pay a cenam 
fee for the right to occupy that space, and ye t do not 
enjoy many of the t}'pical freedoms and priviledges 
granted to tenants. Regardless, these living spaces 
constitute each student's "home away from home ." You, 
as our landlords In essence, would limit those areas of 
our homes in which we should be reasonably free to 
do as we will. This attempt at limiting our freedom is 
yet anot her exa mple of your philosophy of in loco 
parwtis which is unsuitable . We propose that private 
space be defined to include bedrooms. living 
rooms/ suite lounges , bathrooms. apartments' driveways 
(with contingencies), and such areas as are 
-specifically deSignated by ... Universiry officiallsl ." 
Bear in mind that , whether or not you accept the 
above definition . current interpretations of the tenn 
"private space" are ambiguous, broad, and ill -defined, 
and therefore are in grave need of definition. 

A similar problem is apparent with regard to 
subparagraph (I), namely, that it is ill-defined. and 
open to broad interpretation. It would seem a difficult 
task to define what would constitute "reasonable 
amount;" perhaps this decision should be left up to the 
individual. with provision against hann to self or 
society (again , your decision regarding this criterion 
would not belay the fact that there is a need for a 
more concrete definition here ). 

Finally. we suggesl an addendum to your proposed 
"designation committee." It would be desirable to 
fun her c harge this comminee with the responsibiliry of 
keeping track of current campus trends regarding 
alcohol use, in order to ensure that any future 
proposals will be made based on reasonable data and 
an educated foundation . This would eliminate future 
misconceptions regarding the use of alcohol on 
campus. . 

These are our grievances with regard to the panlcu-
lars of the proposed alchohol policy. We wish to 
conclude by taking a general look at the policy as il 
whole. It is our contention that the enure policy IS 
vague and undear. Moreover, if implemented , it would 
prove detrimental to student life , 
administrative/student relationships , attitudes and uses 
of not only alcohol but other psychoactive substances, 
and place administrative personnel in a parental role 
thut would be inappropriate and unfair. 

Furthermore, in spite of your claims that the policy 
IS necessary due to increased incidences of driving 
under the influence, no supportive data for these 
suppositions hilve been offered to the students. 
Possibly the most reprehenSible fact of aU is the lack of 
student repr~sentation . Whitehill stated tftat there was 
" .. . no time to recruit students" and that it would be 
necessary to" ... find out what the administrative 
personnel could live with." What about what the 
students could live with? How could you make such 
broad , sweeping statements regarding student use of 
psychoactive substances without asking students what 
the actuill conditions are , or at the very least, gather 
facts to substantiate your claims? We emphatically 
rese nt your implication that we are not capable of 
making value judgements of our own and require your 
- much wiser" philosophies and beliefs to be imposed 
upon us-the students of this universit}' are of far too 
high II calibre for this. We further resent the excuse 
thllt your claims are substantiiJIed by comparisons 
mllde between UCSD and our brethren campuse!>. 
Students of the calibre represented at UCSD should be 
taught leadership , rather than obsequiousness. 
Enforced prohibition. or restrictions as severe as those 
yo u propl)Se would only create a problem, not solve 
OOC. ~ 

n<e{tft<elrln<eilit<elrln<ettit<elrSn<ettit<elr~ll<efrfr<elr~ll~ltitceIr~n~~fr~Ir~n<efrfr<eIrln<ellit<elr~n<efrfr<elT'ln<eftft<elT'$n~ fr<elrlletterln<eilit<elr.n<ellit<eIrlll~frfrceIr~llcefrfr~rr~ll®frfr~rr~ll~{tfr~Ir~n<efrfr<eJrIll<eilit<eIrlll<efrfr<elT'lll<efrfr~ lr~ll<ellit<elrln<e{tfreJrSn<e{tfr<elrlll~fdt®rr~ll~ittl:~rr~ll®fr~®Ir~ ll®fdt<e;lr~ll<e{tfr~IrIn<ellit<elr~ll<efdt<eIr.n<efti!<eIr n<efrfr<elr~ll<efdt<eJr~n\eftft<eJr~ll®frfrcerr~n~fr~~Jr~n®frtt~rr~ll®frfr<elrlll<e;ilit®Ir~ll<efrfr<eJrll<efdt<eIr~ll<eilit<eJrll<ett 

University Center funding letter 
Editor: 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson recently 
sent my father a letter asking that he 
contribute to a fundraising drive which 
the Universiry is undertaking. In his 
lctter, Atkinson says that a "much 
needed University Center" will be the 
centerpiece of the campaign . According 
10 the ChanceUor, UCSD students "feel 
so strongly about the Center that they 
have voted for a fee increase to fund the 
bulk of the construction costs ." 

1 think a brief review of the manner 
in which this fee increase was approved 
will indicate that Chancellor Atkinson is 
being less than honest when he speaks 
of the strong support UCSD students 
have shown for a new student center. A 
referendum was held last May to decide 
if there should be a mandatory fee 
increase of $25 per quarter to fund a 
student center. The administration was 
so confident of approval that prior to 
the referendum the Universit}' 
established a new assistant vice-
chancellorship to manage the planning 
and construction of a student center. 
Thousands ()[ flyers urging s tudents to 
approve the fee increase were 
distributed , and ads with the same 
message were PUt in the Guardiarl. 

Despite this extensive publiciry, and 
having polling places open for three 
days, barely 20% o f the student body 
voted in the referendum. 1390 voters 
(54.4%) approved the fee increase. ll63 
(46.6%) voted against it. Another 114 
unmarked ballots inexplicably appeared 
in the final tally, so a total o f 2667 
ballots were cast. This means that 21.6% 
of UCSD's 12,3l9 students voted in the 
election ; 11.3% of them approved the 
student center fee increase . 

According 10 the U nivers iry rules 
concerning mandatory fee increases. the 
student center fee increase ought not to 
have been approved even though a 
majority of those voting on the 

referendum favored it. 'UCSD Campus 
Regulations Applying to Campus 
Activities , Organizations, and Students, 
as approved August 17 , 1981 , 
established two requirements that must 
be met if a mandatory fee increase is to 
be approved. First, at least 25% of 
UCSD's undergraduates and 25% of its 
graduate students must vote in the 
referendum on the fee increase. Second, 
two-thirds of the voters must vote in 
favor of the fee increase. Neither of 
these requirements was met in last May's 
referendum. A group of students brought 
this fact to the attention of Vice 
Chancellor Joseph Watson. He 
nevertheless ruled that the election was 
valid . 

Richard Atkinson and Joseph Watson 
apparently think that UCSD must have 
an impressive $18 million student 
center if it is to count among the 
nation's most prestigious universities. A 
mere [1.3% of UCSD students seem 10 
agree with them on the need for such a 
center. Nevertheless, aU UCSD students 
a~e going to pay an additional $75 a 
year in fees, for years to come, for a 
student center that most of them don't 
want. 

1 imagine that many other people's 
pare nts have been or will be 
approached by the Universiry during its 
fund raising drive. Perhaps they might 
want to contribute only if they are 
assured that their money will be spent 
on something other than the student 
center. 

George Kelly 

The follOWing is the leller Kelly 's father 
and others rece ived: 

Dear Francis, 
Next fall the Universit}' of California . 

San Diego will celebrate its twent}'-fifth 
anniversary, a significant milestone in 
the life of a campus. 

UCSD has achieved an extraordinary 

One test where only 
you know the score~ 

(Check One I 
Yes No DD 
DD 
DD 
DD 

Do you want to be the 
only one who knows 
when you use an early 
pregnancy test? 

Would you prefer a test 
that's totally prlwte to 
perform and totally 
private to read? 

Would you like a test 
that's portable, so you 
can carry it with you and 
read it in private? 

And how about a Simple, 
one'step test with a dra-
matic color change Ihat's 
easy to read and is 98% 
accurate? 

If you checked "Yes" to 
the abow. EPr PWS is for 
you. Use it, and only you 
will know your test score. 

record of academic excellence in those 
twenty-five years. In the belief that the 
caliber of faculty was the most Important 
factor in gaining recognition as an 
outstanding center of learning, UCSD 
concentrated its recources on recruiting 
scholars who would create the best 
possible intellectual environment. The 
result is a world-renowned faculry that 
receives more grants for basic and 
applied research than any other faculty 
in the Universit}' of California system-
including UCLA and Berkeley. Our 
students rank near the top on 
standardized achievement tests and are 
consistently recruited by leading 
corporations and educational 
institutions. 

However, the decision early in 
UCSD's history to emphaSize academic 
quality has meant that our students .have 
worked in an environment lacking some 
of the cultural and recreational offerings 
that are important to the development 
of well-rounded men and women. As 
part o f its twenty-fifth anniversary 
celebration, UCSD is undertaking a 
major capital fund raising campaign 
which will address some pressing needs . 
The overall goal is to raise over $30 
million for il variery of projects, 
including endowed chairs for 
distinguished faculty, new facilities for 
research on cancer and aging, a 
Humani ties Institute, major increases In 
our library's Special Collections, a 
Resident Artist Program, and student 
fellowships . 

The centerpiece of the campaign will 
be a much needed Universiry Center 
which will bring to the campus a range 
of facilities and activities to balance 
educational programs. It will include 
space for student services, rec reational 
facilities, shops. restaurants, and a 
cinema. Our students feel so strongly 
about the Center that they have voted 
for a fee increase to fund the bulk of the 
construction cost. We hope to raise $2 
million in private gifts to supplement 

these funds. 
As part of this effort, you will receive 

a telephone call in the next few days 
from a UCSD student representative 
asking you to make a pledge. How 
muc h you give is obViously a question 
that only you can answer, but I hope 
you will respond positively. If you can 
pledge $1 ,000 a year for the next three 
years, your name will be included on 
the Universi ty Ce nter Associates plaque 
that will be pennanently affixed to the 
building. You will also be invited as a 
special guest to attend the ground 
breaking ceremony and the gala grand 
opening celebration . Parents and alumni 
who pledge $500 a year for the next 
th ree years will be prese need with a 
handsome architect's rendering of the 
Universit}' Center inscribed with their 
name and a notation of appreciation for ' 
their suppon as a Founding Patron . 
Those who contribute $250 pledges will 
be known as U niversiry Center Sponsors 
and $100 donors as Universiry Center 
Affiliates. Above all , you will have the 
satisfaction of knowing you have helped 
to create a lasting improvement to the 
life of the University. Any gift will be 
greatly appreciated . 

I have asked the student 
represe ntat ive who will be calling you to 
convey to me any suggestions or 
questions you might have. This will 
allow me to respond to your concerns as 
well as to extend my personal thanks for 
you r pledge. 

Sincerely. 
Richard C. Atkinson 

Chancellor 
P.S. A growing number of companies 
match the gifts of their employees to 
UCSD as a way of encouraging support 
fo r higher education . If your employer is 
one of those who matches gifts, please 
mention this to our caller. The total of 
your own gift and your employer's 
match will be credited toward your 
contribution . 

Roberts VW • VOLVO 
~~914.VW.BMW ~ ~~ AudiServ. 8 .... 

German Car Specialists 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory· Trained Specialist 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 454·7823 ~ 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 454·3705 ~ (1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
(619) 275·1132 ..... San Diego, CA. 92109 MGIIIIIaaa 

* We use and recommend Ke,.dGll® Lubricants 10 our customers * 

---------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

·(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any olMr cou/1On) 

NOTETAKERS 
NEEDED 

Apply at the Lecture Note Office 
by Friday, March 15, 3 pm 

$ 7.60 per hour 
Call 452-6238 for information. 



12 .\1lltldt/\ •. ~ 1111, II 1 I. 1985 

Religious 
MONDAY-I'RIDAY 
_ pm - catha/IC Mass. Sponsor..:l ~ the catho~c 
Communcty at UCSO. In the lJnrIIl'rsity Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 

. ' 111-9 : 00 P'" - ASlan· Amen(an Chrrstlan 
Fellowst>p-Thes IS our last ~ting of the quart~r The 
sub)«t of !he .....,neng IS Gui~. ~ase come and learn 
how you can dcscern !he IMII of God In your h~, In the 
MJlttpurpose Room. abOVe !he Student Cent~. 
TUnDAY 
7 •• pm - There Will be a reunlClf1 01 all those who 
attend..:l !he T~ Night DIscussion Group U.s past 

quan:~. There WIll be no dcSCUSSIOO. OUt come ?lI1yWay 
and Dring a dl!:sert 10 share. Sponsor..:l ~ !he CatholiC 
Student Coordinators. h !he catholIC /..oungI! of tne 

~ty Lutheran Church 
_aDAY 
6100 pm - Student suJlP<!r hostod ~ !he lu!herans at 
UCSO. 0pI!n to .....,l}'One. In !he LolJt'l9" of the ~ity 

~an Churc"'Just ~t of _Ie Col~ 
7100 pm - Bible Study sponsor..:l ~ the lu!herans at 
UCSO ~ "",,/come Topic : ~ms 2 and 3 In the 
Lounge of !he l..h"",rslty Lutheran Church 
7100 pm - Inter-Varsity Chnsnan Fellowship ~ts 
overy ~day night at 7:00 pml This week, """ meet 
again In !he Chancellor's Complex lilA c<'ntrally located on 
Warren's ~Iy campus Come JOIn us for a good ome of 
IMlrshp and felloW5h1p 
7:JO pm - For ChrIStians A series of """"kly semlnafS-
"Answenng OJestlons abOut Chnstlartlty ' Taught oy Bob 
SIegel of SojOUrners Chnsnan FelloW5hp In the Student 
Center BUlldtng B. North Con~rence Room 
.:00 pm - Lenten ga!henng InlWtod oy me lut~an 
communety, With a focus on outreach, 0pI!n to all In the 
Lo""ge of the l..h"",rSlty Lutheran Church 
I 0:00 pm - Candlellgnt Mass Sponsorod oy the 
CatholIC Communcty at UCSO, In !he Chapel of the 
UrwerSity wtheran ChurCh 
THURSDAY 
5:45 pm - The Thursday Dlnn~ Good food and great 
company Sponsored by the Cathohc Student 
Coordinators In the l.JnIverslty lutheran Church 
Doni!tlOn S2 00 
7:00 pm - campus Crusade for Chnst-Study Break 
Come and find out Goers perspectrve on r,nals'v\I'f'ek In 
Bonner Hall Rm 2105 

7:~0 pm - UnIted Campus MlnlStly sponsors a 81b1e 
Study Evervng Top'c Finding You",,/f In !he Parables of 
Jesus United Campus Ministry IS the campus m.nlstry of 
the Presbyterians. MethodISts, UCC and the i)sclples of 
ChrISt students NI are """'come RefreShmentS WIll 
follow In the Office of Rehglous Affairs. of the Student 
Cent~ Bldg 8 
SATlJRDAY 
5:00 pm - CatholiC Mass Sponsor..:l oy the CatholIC 
Communty at UCSO In the lJnNerslty lu~an Church. 
SUNDAY 
8:00,9:15, & 11:00.m - Episcopal Church Worship 
ServICe Sunday Eucharist and Parish felloW5h1p. In the 
Good Samaritan Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall 
Acro>s Genesee from east end of campus. noM of La J::llla 
Village Dr Intersecoon of Genesee 

8:~ am - CathOhc Mass, Sponsorod by the CathOhc 
Communcty at UCSO. In !he Une=sllY lu!heran Church 
10:00 am - "Judas Greeay Betrayer ·' IS Pastor J::lhn 
Huber s sermon dunng me lu!heran CommuniooseMces 
whICh are open to ove'Y"'le In the l..h-.ersll)! lutheran 
Church. 

lO:~ .m - CatholiC Mass, Sponsorod oy the CatholiC 
Commuroty at UCSO Lower ~I Conference Room of 
the Student Center BUilding B 
5:00 pm - catha/IC Mass, Sponsorod by me cathohc 
CommUNI)! at UCSO. In the Uncverslly w!heran Church. 
7:00 pm - -Judas Gree<l)i Betrayer " IS Pastor John 
Huber'S sermon dUring t:t'le l.LJt~ran (ommunron servICes 
whICh are open 10 everyone In the l..h-.erSity lut~an 
Church 
I: 15 pm - Episcopal ChurCh WOrshp ServICe Fol k 
Ma>s In the Good Samanldn EpIScopal Church, 4321 
Eastgate Mall 

SeNices/Workshops 
MONDAY· FRIDAY 

a:00-4:~ pm - Do you want health promouon 
expenence7 SIgn up t/lP week of March /I for classstarting 
Apnl lit", for 7 """"ks, 4 hours per week. Meets 
Tuesclay/Thursclay. 2.3D-4 30 pm at the SecOO<1 Floor of 
the Student Health ServICe On completion of the course. 
you are certified as a Student Health Adliocate- General 
Healtn Volunteer With Student Health 
9:0c)'):00 pm - Cunous about what internships are all 
abOUt 7 Let ASIO help you outl We oHer many di fferent 
kInds of Internshtps In all kJnds of Relds, The deadline for 
summer Imernshps IS Apnl 21>--<lOO t walt for the laSt 
minute to apply ASIO IS located In the game room In the 
Student Center Our phone number IS 452-41>89 

~----
--------~ -
----- -

-- --

MONDAY 
9:~~10:45 ..... - Let Go of Stress ana Relax- Thes IS a 
group for all UCSD students deSlgrtlod to teach methOas of 

r~lax,"g and dealing With stress vvhlCh can be' used for d 
lifetime TechnIques Include bret3thlng exerCises. 

blof~back. progresSNe relaxauon. autogenIC traIning. 
guided magery, medctatloo, self-hypnosIS and tlme-
management. Meets each Monday thoughout !he 
quarter Students may attend all seSSIOns, or drop In to any 
one of them as convenient. Meets at 1003 H-L Offered ~ 
Maynard Brusman. PsychOlogical and Counseling 
SerVIces. 

4:~~6:00 pm - Lesbian Support Group-ThIs weekly 
drop-In diSCUSSIOn group offe" peer support. personal 
con:::ern and a torum for expbrcwon of SOCial i!nd political 
ISSueS Led ~ the WOmens Resource Center Peer 
COlllselors call 452-2023 for Info and to slQn up At !he 
Women's Resource CMte1 
TVESDAY 
9:»- I 0:45 '"'" - Let Go of Stress and Relax-Thes IS a 
group for ali UCSD students deSlgrtlod to teach methOas of 
relaXIng and deahng With stress whICh can be used for a 
li fet Ime T~hnlques Include breathmg exerCises, 
broleedback. progresSM! relaxat loo. ilUtDgeNC training, 
gUided magery, medltabOO. self-hypnosiS and tlme-
management Meets each Monday thOughout !he 
quarter Students may attend all sesSionS. or drop If) to any 
one of !hem as CO""""lent Meets at 10031+L O ffered oy 
Maynard Brusman, PsychOlogical and Counseling 
ServtCes 
12:110-1:00 pm - RHAXI Go to II I The Birth Control 
Information SesSlonl RElAXl Go to It The B.C Info 
Ses>lonl Frankie SiJ)'5 Its knowledge ~ can't ""e 
Without. t..pstalfS at the Student Health Center 

I:1IO-2:~ pm - Ovt'rcornlng CompulSIVe Eating-In a 
supporove enlllrooment group partICipants Will learn 
ways (Q eliminate COmpulsive e~w19 The focus \N1" be on 
changing behaViors. thoughts and beliefs Vv'hlch 
perpetuate rhs compulSion. and work on JflVOVIng self-
Image The group IS not open to those who expenence a 
brnge/purge cycle or who greatly restrict thelf diet. 
Spoosor..:l by PsychOlogICal and Counseling SeNlCes 
Please ",/I Temille POrter. 452·3035or Dellise Zimmerman 
452-3755 to Sign up Meets at Mt View Lounge. Thlfd 
College 

I:O~2:~0 pm - Gay/BIsexual Men s Counsehng 
Group - ThIS IS an on-gDlng confldenoal support group 
lor undergracluate men queslJOning melf se1uahty. as well 
as those who Identify as gayjblSexual Me€ts """"kly 
throughout the quartet" Students can call leader. Steve 
Brady. at 452-3755 for more Info, ortheycanJust come to 
the group. $pCIf1sored by PsychologICal and Counseling 
ServICes In 1003 HL 

CENTRAL 
AMERICA 
WEEK 
MARCH 17-24, 1985 
TAKE A MOMENT 
TO BE INFORMED ABOUT 
CENTRAL AMERICA 

Time: Noon 
Dates: March 18, 19.20 
Place: North Conference Room 
Films to be shown: 
"The New Underground 

Rail road" 
'Witness to the Slaughter: 

The Church in Guatemala" 
"Through Our Eyes: 

North Americans in Nicaragua" 
Sponsored by 
United Campus 
Ministry 
Information, 452-2521 

-------

-- ---- ---~--
-- ---=- -~-----=====---=-

6 .00-9rOO pm - Counol Travel Presents free seminar 
"Independent Tra~1 Through Europe" featunng topics: 
fhghts. Eurall. Brltail. car leaSing. travelgear. ISICAYHand 
much more. Guest speak~ Will be present Refreshments 
Will be served, RSV1' 45Hl630 In the North Conference 
Room Of the Student Center. 
WEDNESDAY 

9:00-IO:~ "'" - Combatting DepresSion Feehng 
Better workshops-Feeling better demands a whole lot 
more than talking abOut problems. In order to p<OVlde 
more than talk , PsycholDglcal and Counseling Services IS 

oIf~"'g a s~ ... of skll~DUlldlng workshops designed to 
combat depression and stress. through such activities as 
dance, J099Ing. psychodrama. game playing. laughter. 
time management and attitude enhancement. ThIS group 
meets weekly In !he ~lIe Informal Lounge Students 
may attend as few or as many of the workshops as they 
Wish. Please wear 100se-fltong dothes IM1lCh Will allow 
you to """" WlttI comfort TopiC 3/6:ChanglngAtotudes 
A cognitive approach to cornoalting depresSion. 

1 1 :1IO-12:~0 pm - Recovering from Eating DIsorders 
Program IRED II ThIs IS a program for women students 
with t'atulg disorders Paruopants fT"IOVe toward recovery 
thrOlUQh a program 01 gradual stages. Students who are 
ObSessod With weight control. who may alternately binge, 
fast, o r purge. WIll find a common ground of support and 
canng. l..:l by Mlnam losuPOW:I and a peer counselor 
Sponsored ~ PSychological and Counsehng SeNlCes Call 
452-37<5 for more Info and to Sign up Meets at HL 1003 
12:00-1:00 p m - It's conRdential It's free . It's 
Informatl~. It s necessary. It's row. baby It's the B((th 
Control Information Session and It's for 'IOUI Upstairs at 
the Student Health Cent~ 
I 2:0~ 1:00 pm - Text AnXiety Reduction Workshop -
In thIS """rkshop students IMII learn 10 IdenUIy ttI.,r 
sources of NlXlety In test-taking Situations and It'arn skills 
to all<'lllate ttvs anxiety, O ffered oy Connce Brunlg. Ph,D .• 
Psychological and Counsehng Services. Meet at the MUIr 
Provost's OffICt!' . Check With t~ s~retarles there for 
speCifIC location call 452-35B5 
4:00-5:~ pm - campus BlaCk Forum-TIlls IS a 
vveekly. ,nformal diSCUSSion group on the ISSUes. conc~rns , 
and !he qualll)! of hfe o f the BlaCk corrmunety at UCSD 
This 150 dnongomg group and students canJOln at any tIme. 
call leader Phil Raphael at 452- 3035 If you have any 
quesuons. ot.her\l\ll5e'. sn.J<rnts can JUSI turn up at the 
group, Meets In the Mountain View Lounge In Third 
College, Otfered oy Psychological and Counsehng 
ServIces 
THURSDAY 
4:(10-5100 pm - Headache Treatment Group-ThIS IS a 
group for students who are chronIC headache sufferers 
Participants Will learn stress reduction techniqueS. as well 

as ot~ headache treatment procedures, Offered by 
f'<Ilny McClellan. Psychological and Counseling ServIces. 
If you're Interestod call """ny and leave YOU' name and 
number. She can be reach..:l at 452-3755 or 452- 3035 
Meets at Student Health ServICes Conference Room 
PlllDAY 
2 __ pm -AlcohOl and SubStance ADuseGrOlJP-
For students who want help In dealing Wlttl an alcohol or 
drug use probl~ . EmphaSIS WIN be on UnderStanding the 
complexity of the problem. ldentllying optIOnS. makIng a 
commitment to change. and following through, 
Homework aSSignments and group norms Will be 
establlSh..:l as part of !he group's and individual's 
program, Before JOining !he group. int~ested students are 
asked to call Beeca at 452·3755 10 make a short 
appointment With one of Our counselors to see If the 
group Will meet their needs. Led ~ Dan Munoz. 
PsychologICal and Counseling Services Meets at the 
Revplle I'tovosfs Office 

~-...JO pm - Peer-led Gay/Bisexual Men's Support 
Group. ThIs IS a weekly drop-,n peer support group for 
male students who Identify as being gay or blSe~ual, as 
well as for those who are explonng their se~uallty. The 
group IS faahtated ~ student peer counselors and IS a 
great opportunity to talk WIth o ther students shanng 
Similar concerns, New studentS can JOin at any orne 
Offered by Psychological and COUnseling ServICes. Meets 
at H-L 1003. If students have any questions they can call 
Carlos or Demetnus at 452-4 297, ot~se, they can Just 
amve for the group 

Academic SeNices 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
.. ~ ... -4 .00 pm - Test Prep PAL Conferences-Do 
you feel confident abOut your Rnals7 Do you know what 
to study and how to learn for total recall? Canyou write a 
strong answer to essay questions? Do you know how to 
score high CIf1 mU~lple ChoICe and true or false quesuons 7 
Do you budget your test time? If you answerod "No" 10 
any of these questIOns. schedule a PAL conference and 
learn how to do your best on exams Sponsorod ~ the 
OASIS Reading and Study Skills Center In USB 4010. 
- Test- Taking Strategles-Ev~ lose points because you 
misread a question or didn't gIVe a "complete" answer? 
Do you find some OtlJectl~ questions tricky or COOfuSlng? 
Do you wonder what It takes to wl'lle an outstanding 
ess.ly answer 7 ThIS workshop Will answer your questions 
and show you how to get the most out of your studying. In 
the Cooference Room. Bldg. 8, Student Center 

I:~O ...... 4 .00 pm - PAL Con~renc::es-D>n't spend 
more [(me studying than necessaryl Schedule a one-tQ-
o ne PAL IperSClf1aI assIStanCe for learnlngl conl~ence to 
"ream line your studying, The conferences WIll ceal With 
your COlKse matenals concerns Including reading 
comprehenSion, memory control. leaure notetaking. and 
lest preparation, as well as how to manage your t"'~. 
hand~ stress. conc:emrate better, and ClVef'corne 
procrastlna[(on. Sponsored ~ the OASIS Reading and 
Study Skills Centel 
.. ~ ... -4.00 pm - OASIS WntlllQ.. Center oNers free 
servtCe for all UCSD students who need pre-wntlng help. 
conferences on drafts. and ..:lltlng advice We ~ any 
kind of writing and any kind of writing problem 
Conferences are by appointment only, Evening 
appOIntments are na>N also available In OASIS Thlfd Place 
at mlrd College IFor the full range of services see back of 
fall scheduleJ. call 452-2294 orcomeoy USB 4010 to make 
an appolnlmenL ThIs sefVfCe IS avallatje throughout the 
quarter 
9tOO ..... __ pm - Grammar Moses HoUlne - A 
hothne phone-In sef\Ilce for help VVlth diction. grammar 
and punctuatl(lf1 p!'obiems. To reach Grammar Moses. call 
452-2294 between the hours of 9'00-4 .00 Monday· 
Fnday, Sponsored ~ OJ\SIS 'Mltlng Center , Serv1ce 
available throughout the quart~. 
1.l0-4l00 pm - Drop-In Hours. For questions 
~Ining to car= planning. JOb I'lUnting. resume 
UltlqUlf1g. etc. AppOIntments may alSO be sdle<1Jled In the 
morning by calhng Career ServIces Center at 452-3750, 
MONDAY a _DNUDAY 
I 1100-12100 ..... - The Language Program Levell & 11-
ThIS OASIS focuses on the thinking skills you neod to 
successfully handle the reading and Writing tasks ass'9ned 
In your courses. It IS designed for those who want to 
perfect their English language skJlls, tP classes are taught 
by reading and wntlng speoahsts ana Ililingual tutors, tP 
IS presentod by the OASIS Wntlng Center ana the OASIS 
Reading Center. 
MONDAY 
- Graduate ScnooI/Law/MaA. AdvISing, Planning on a 

Gracluate. Law or MS"Idegree p!'ogram after UCSD7 Help 
WIth admlSslOfl and application questionS today Dy 
appointment CIf1Iy call Career SeMCes Center at 452-
4939 for more detailed Informatloo. ln the Student Center 
Bldg. A 
1110-1110 pm - Interest..:l,n the Health PrOfeS>lonS? 
Ad\/lsing appointments available for career planr. ng and 
p!'e-p!'ofesslonal school preparatioo, Call Career ~lVlCes 

Cent~ at 452-4939", advance for an appointmen~ OUt 

The home of the 
39,¢ ham.burger. 

U~'[)OIIt1ld~m &{/Oll . 

I 7140 Miram ar Rd . San Diego 
IJ,~'"!I.!' -!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - ''!!!!!.IJ!II!'IIIIJI 

I I 
I I 
I I 
II 
II 
II 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Q uarter Pou nder ' with Cheese. Large Fry, 

Medi u m·Size Soft Drink \ ,~I \ .111. I .\'.>1 I ",11 II 
Limit 1.)11\' ~llUl'dl1 pl' r 
I.. u'tonh.'f , I'l' r VI ... lt Pll',I"'" 
I'n.· ... l· Ut LUlIPU Il \\ h ... · n 
tlh_h.·rl ng l)t v,d".! ",lIh .III Y 
tHhl..'r u lkr 

Just $1.99 11 
(pl u s lax) ,I 
Only a t : II 

7 140 M iramar Rd. II 

~ UU'hlrhru ~ Aprd 11. 1985. 
_iii iii iii iii iii 

______ s.~ D;<aO ~ 
---------

no earl"" than one """"k, In the Student Cent~ Bldg. A. 
lWSDAY 
11110 _ - On-campus InteMewlng OrientatJon-
Early Bird II you are '"t~est..:l in partldpatlng In the 
Care~ SelVlces Cent~'s on-campus Int .... ewong program 
thiS quart~. It IS mandalOry that you attend one of!hese 
workShOps before you Inten.oew In the ~I/e Formal 
Lounge 
1.00.1100 ..... - School of DenliSOY at Marquette 
representat"'" to speak 10 all studfflts Interest..:l in dental 
studies, In the Student Cent~ Bldg. A. upstairs 
' .... 4100 ..... - Interest..:l In MedK,ne or Denlisoy? 
Drop-In adIItslng in open sesSions In the car_ ServIces 
Center at Student Cenler Bldg, A 
Wl:DNlSDAY 
- Graduate Sc:hooi/Law/MaA. AdvIsing. Planning on a 

Graduate. Lawor MaA. degree program alter UCS07 Help 
With admiSSion and apphcatlon questions today by 
appointment only. call Career SeMCes Center a,t 452-
4939 for more delailed Information. In the Student Center 
81dg. A 
9110-1'100 _ -Interested In MedICine or Dentlsoy? 
Drop-in acMsing in open seSSIons In the career SelVices 

Cent~ at Student Cem~ Bldg, A 
I .... .1.JO pili - Interested In the Healt~ ProfessIOns 7 
AdvIsing appointments available for career planning and 
p!''''p!'ofesslonal school prepara~on. call career s.'"" ces 

Cent~ at 452-4939 In advance for an appointment. OUt 
no earlier than one """"k In the Student Cent~ Bldg. A. 
lHUlIIOAY 

1 0 .0~":IO "m - Interest..:l In the Health 
ProfesSions? AdVISIng appointments available for career 
plannlf1Q and pre-pro~Slonal school p!'eparatlon, call 
Career ServICes Center at 452-4939 In advance for an 
appointment. but no earher than one week In the Student 

Cent~ Bldg. A 
1.IO-JaOO pm -Graruate Sc:hooi/Law/MaA.Advlslng 
Planning 00 a Graduate. Law or MBA degree program 
aft~ UCSO? Help Wltn admISSIons and appIlCatJon 
questions please drop In today, In the Student Cent~ 
Bldg. A. 
PlllDAY 
• • 10-11100 _ - Graduate SchooI/Law/MaA. 
AdvIsing. Plaming CIf1 a Graduate, Law Of MIlA degree 
program after UCSO? Help with admissions and 
appiGOtlon quesbOns please ~p In today. In Ihf! Sludent 
Center !Idg. A. 
UtlGO-".OO _ - Interest..:l in the He11th 
Professions? AdvISIng appointments available for ca~ 
planning and prt'-pro~1 school preparat ion. call 
Career Services Center at 452-4939 in advance for an 
appoinIment.OUt no earlierthiln one week, In the Sludent 
CI!nlI!f Bldg, A 
PlllDAY 
.... 10100 _ - The OJ\SIS Grammar and Mechanics 
Workshop is deslgrtlod for students who would like to 
work 00 clarifying basIC grammatical concepts and 

cat~es, and applying them In an exrens"", SYSlI!fTIahC 
senes of pracucal ex~cises . Ths practice IS valuable for any 
students who _ problems Wl'lting the co"","x EngliSh 
sentences dI!fnarlded In academic writing, An exerose 
manual to be purchased ~ !he student WIll be used, N I 
work will be completed In !he context of !he wOfkshop, In 
USB 4070, 

Organizational 
MOfIIDoI'Y 
5100 pm - .JoIn !he recycling coop. and recel\/!! coop 
benefitsll Meetings every Monday at the Che Cafe WlttI a 
free dif'V'ler . ...bIn usJ. Sa. pm - Israel AclJoo Committee ~ng, We're 
having our laSt meeting of !he quart~ to plan evpnts for 
ne.tquarter. For more Info call MICah at 587-0942. In !he 
Rovelle Informal Lounge. 
tUESDAY 

~ pm - Pr~ntal Club Meeting: Charles Nexander 
from Marquette School of Dentistry IMII speak. Important 
Information about the SF trtp and the new Dental 
Materials Workshop Will be diSCUSSed, In Car_ SeMCes 
III:xNe Assort..:l IIInyt, 
THURSDAY 
4100-5100 ..... - 810medICal Engineering Society 
Meeting to discuss upcoming evpnts. If t~e are any 
questions contact Quan Dlnh at 279-74B2In!he Revplle 
Informal lnunge. 
5.00 pm - American Chemical ScIOety--Guest Speaker 
David Bailey from the UCSD MedICal Center on Chnlcal 
Chemistry. Everyooe IS welcome, Refreshments Will be 
served In lkey Room. second noor, 

Lectures 
_DAY 
1 1:00 _ - Regents' Lecturer. In the MandeVIlle Center. 
rm. 8210, Anthony Br""ton, ·The Tlillium DDretto." 

~tOO pm - HlQh Energy Pl¥'cs Seminar. In 3405 M¥r 

BritRail-

Hall. Jorge Morfin. from the Fermc National ACcelerator 
Lab. "Fletd Target Pl¥'cs at !he SSe." 
IlOO pm - SIO Faculty Lecture, In Sumner AuditOrium. 
SIO Kenneth M. Watson, " The Gen~ation 01 Internal 
Gravity Waves." 
4100 pm - Computatioo In Nonhnear Science. In 3221 
Mayer Hall p, Smolensky. "Stabstlcal PhysICS and Parallel 
Computing." 
4tOO pm -OrganlC/lnorganicCherTllsoy~inar , In 102 
PeterSClf1 Hall. Dennes Dougherty, ofth Callfornca Institute 
of Technoloqy, "Higt>-Sptn Organic Molecules' S;-n!hesiS 
and Charaal!flzatlClf1 01 ~ Biradicals," 
4100 pm - Human Rights or Brutahty 7 The Case of EI 
Salvador. I'tesentation and Slide Show by Marta Ahda 
Rlve'a. teacher. lIlion actMst. and head of the Salvadoran 

Teac~ UnlooIANDESJ, She will be speaking on human 
rights \/IOiauoos In EI salvador. Including personal 
testlrnooy of her own arrest ana torture In USB 2622, 
lV.SDAY 
"100 _ - Regenu' Lecturer, Anthony Bra)((CIf1. live 
DrOadcast 00 KPBS-FM. 
llOO pm - Open Workshop by Regents' Lecturer. In 
B150. Mandeville Center Anthony Braxton. 
··lmprCM5auon.-
l tOO pm - Energy Center ~nar. In 7104 lkey Hall I 
James sahagian. Pyro ~r Corp" In san ~. 
"Advanced FlUidized B..:l COmllUstlon Power Plants. The 
Finland Process" 
4100 pm - AstrophysiCS and Space PhysiCS Seminar. In 
1110 P&L Tom Holzer. of !he High Almuae Observatory. 
National Center for Atroosp~1C Research. " lnteraalOrl o f 
the Solar Wind IXI1th the Int~tellar Medium " 
4100 pm - Chernical-l'hyslCS Seminar. In 21>22 USB. 
IXI1l1iam Goddard. of Noyes Laboratory. at !he californea 
Institute of Technology, "Chemical Processes on 
Surfaces,-
4100 pm - Economics ~hcy Seminar. In UebOw 
Auditorium. Bas/c ScJence Building. School 01 MedICine, 
Allen SInaI. of ShearSClf1/lJ!hman/Am~ican express and 
ClI\/!! W.J. Granger. "Stnuctural Change. Econorric 
Forecasting and !he EconomK Outlook," 
__ aDAY 
10.. _ - Electrical EngI~lng and Computer 
Saences Seminar. In 4301. AP&M. Peter Hochschild, 
"Construalon of ResolKCe-Eflicient Parallel Algorithms:' 
1 '100 _ - Regents ' Lectur~. Anthony Braxtoo. in !he 
Mandelille Centl!f 8210. "The Continuation 01 TriNium: 
1lle Other 35 Oialo~.es:' 
I JIOO pili - Researdh Seminar on Mexico and US-
Mexican Relations. In the SleCond floor con~ence room. 
Institute of the Americas Building. Rn/ando Cor~a. head 
ci the Mexican Congressional Delgation of !he UlIR..:l 
Sodalist Party of Mexico. "The Future POlitical I!eform of 
Mexico." PresertQtion will be in Spanish, 
12100 poll - californca Space Institute ~Inar. In 101 
Physical Oceanogr",*" and Space $dences Building. SlO. 
lVlaew Cutler. "TransponatJon Economocs of extra-
terrestrial Resource U!llization:' 
1 tOO ..... - AMES Seminar ~'"' on LJsers and Laser 
Doagnosncs. In room 7104 lkey Hall, R. Heid1er of 
Aerospace Corporation. " Flow Vlsua/izatJon:' 
4tOO pm - CondenSed Matt~ PhysIcs ~inar. In 1205 
HL John e. Wheatley. of Los Alamos National 
LabOratorIeS. "experiments 00 Nucleation of Superfluid 
Helium-T1Yee 8 I'tlase." 
4tOO pm - BIOlogy Department Seminar Series. In 21>22 
USB. DiMd BaltImore. from !he Wh~ehead Institute for 

Bjom~dlca' Research . "Mice Transgenic for 
Immunoglobuhn Heavy Chaons. " 
_ pm - CherTlIcal Engineenng ~Inar. In 7104lkey 
Hall. Wolfgang lllser. of the Inshtute fuer Allgemeine 
Mechanik. Aachen. West Germany. "lgn~loo and 
Extinction Phenomena In Cartx>n OXIdation." 
4tOO pm - NeurOSCIences Lecture Series. In 2100 Basic 
Science BuHdlng, School of Medtane. Frands CrICk. of the 
Salk Institute. "1lle Neural BaSIS of Visual Attention," 
lHUIISDAY 
4100 pm - Center for MagnetiC Recording Research 
SWeekly Seminar. At CMRR. 3344 N , Torrey l'lnes Court. 
Suite 300 . .Jack Wolf. -Coding for Magnetic Recording , 
Channels" 
_ PIlI - Physics Colloquium. In 2622 USB, John 
Wheatley. of Los Alamos National Lab. "Nonhnear 
Natural Engines." 
7100 pm - Comrrunety Lecture Series UCSO M..:lIcal 
Group, At 3969 Fourth A~ .• Hiliaest IUCSO M..:llcal 
Group faOlityJ, .Jack Fisher. "PlastIC Surgery' Luxury or 
NecesSity 7' 
FRIDAY 
10100 "'" - ElectrICal fngI~lng and Computer 
ScIenCes Seminar, in 4301 AP&M. Luis Fehpe Cabrera, from 
UC Berkeley. "An Assesment of a NetWOrked Compuong 
EnVironment and Its ImpaCt on Concurrent 
ComputatiOns," 
1 JI05 pm - Marine BIOlogy ~Inar. In room 4500 
Manne 810logy BUilding. SIO. William E. Evans, Hubbs Sea 
World R~arch Inst/tute. "Current Studies In Marl~ 
Mammal Echolocation." 
1100 pm - Marine Chemisti)' SemInar. In room 2145 

& COUNCIL 
TRAVEL 

Present 
INDEPENDENT TRAVEL 

THROUGH EUROPE 
- FLIGHTS 
- EURAIL 
-BRITRAIL 
- INTERNATIONAL STUD ENT ID CARDS 
-YOUTH HOSTELS 
- BUDGET ACCOMMODATIONS 
- TRA VEL GEAR 
- AUTO LEASING AND RENTAL 
-TRAVEL LITERATURE 
*** AND MUCH MORE 

ATTEND OUR FREE SEMINAR: 
MARCH 12, 1985 
',lith lllniL',,' nLl' RllUIll II ~ j) '>t\'llkl1 t (1' 111 \:1 

Rl'Irc,hllll'ilh \\111 hI' 'l'''l'd 1{'o"1' h) ph,,,,,, 4 ;2 llo}ll ' " \I " Ik III 
Gue,t speaker WIll be pre-.:m tu :lI1,wcr questluns. 

Ritter Hall. SIO, D Lal . " Radio carbOn. C02 and 
GeomagnetIC Field." 
SATUllDAY 
:r.00 pm - Department 01 Biology SpeCIal ~Inar. In 
2105. a,nner Hall. /lobert Haselkom. l..hIllerSity of 
Chicago, " Rearrangement of Nitrogen FixabOn Genes 
During Heterocyst OIfferendatJon of Anabaena " 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
.100 pIII - 20th Century ~for~: Flutist Johrl ForlIIIlle 
explores !he out~ hmlts of cont~rary Nute ht~ature 
Tickets available at Ticketron. UEO and at !he door In !he 
Mandelllile Recital Hall. General AdmiSSion S3.00. 
Students and senIOr Citizens SI,OO 
TUlSDAY 
8100 pm - AutomiCafe offers explos"", evening In the 
Recital Hall, 
Wl:DNISDAY 
7tOO pm - The UCSO Salhng Team IS ''''tlilt'ng a 
sallbOardlng DMSlon for compeoooo in the Intercolleglat~ 
Yacnt RaCing Assoclanon Those Interest..:l contact Frod 
Volpe at 942-2911> or Buff Gal/mann at 270-6503 Nso 
\/lSI! the SaIling Team meellngs every Wodnesc1ay nignt In 
EDNA At 700 pm 
8100 pm - MuSIC o f Yest~day: UCSD Faculty ChamW 
~",,-"Mozart . Beethoven, Scl'lUbert " TICkets avallaDie 
at TicketrClf1. UEO and at the door In the Mandeville 
ReCItal Hall General AdmissIOn S5.00; Students and Seru", 
Gtlzens 11.00. 
8100 p m - Snow Ski Club Meehng to discuss the 
UPCOrTllng .Jackson Hole tnp and JUst for a good time In 
til<! Rec, Conf~enc::e Room. 
tHURSDAY 
9tOO-101JO ..... - RENU IRe-entry Students Social 
OrganlZatl(lf11 Weekly 8runchl Everyone IS we/com..:l. At 
the CIl<! ca~. on campus, 
1110-6110 pm - Language Tables: Come and c:onverse 
in French. German or SpaniSh over dinner, All interested 
foreign language students are roost welcome-meal cards 
or cash basIS. Native spea/c~s can /lave meals paid for-
call 455-0157 Rlr InRlrmatJOn. In the South OInlng Hall of 
!he _Ie cafet.,Ia. 
... IDAY 
6000 _ - 6tI1 Annual UCSO Golf Champlonshps: At 
Torrey Pines Golf Course, 
4100 p.. - RENU IRe-Emry Students SoCial 
OrgartlzatlClf1J TGIF-""'"'}'OIle _Icom..:lf At , the Tntoo 
I'\.ib. OutSIde on !he palJO. 
... pm - Plano Masters RecItal, In !he Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 
SATUllDAY & SUMMY 
- La Jolla CM<: l..hiversity Symphony performs works ~ 

Brant. Berg and Schumann, Tickets availaDie at UEO and 
at the door. General admISsIOn S5,00; Stlidents 1),00, 0'1 
saturday. 8:00 pm, On Sunday. 3:00 pm. 
SATURDAY 
7 __ - Cross·Country Ski Day Trip to Mt, San Jacinto 
",a Palm Springs Aerial Tramway. Cost Indudes 
transportation. tramway tICket. skIS. poles. bOOts, 
<:ptlonal baSiC IeSSClf1 For beQinners as well as 
experienced SIgn up at OCR: Canyon.new s3O.00. 
1.00 pm - The UCSO Men's Rugby Team bOOts the UCI 
ruggefS. Spectators _Ieome and encouraged. On MUIr 
Field. 
SUNDAY' 

I_~tOO pm - There Will be a Bike Tnp and Plcnec 
sponsorod by the ca~c Sludent Coordinators In !he 
Parking Lot of !he U'Werslty w~an Church. Donatioo 
S2.00 
5100 pm - The UCSD Men's Rugoy Team plays host to 
th<! Qcodental Tigers. Drop by and see UCSO's most 
eXCiting spectator sport. On M",r Field. 

Athletics/Recreation 
MONDAY 

~ pm - Men's TenniS. at !he MUIr Courts, UCSD \IS, 
U~SlI)! of RIchmond. 
7tOO pIII - Men's Volle)tlall. ln til<! MaIn Gym. UCSD\IS, 
George MaSClf1 Unlve'sity General Admission. 12, 
students: Sl. 
lWSDAY 
,_ pili - Women's Tennes. at the MUir Courts, UCSO 
\IS. Loyola Marymoum l..hlllerlSty. 
_aDAY 1_ pm - Men's and WOmen's Golf. at !he Torrey PInes 
Golf Course. UCSO \IS. Nebraska-Wesleyan and fbmona-
Pitzer colleges 
l •• pm - Men's Baseball. at Olsen FI<'ld. UCSO \IS, 
Southern California College 

~IOO pm - Men's TenniS. at !he Mulf Courts, UCSD \IS 
Yale L/nIVerSity 
7:00 pm - The UCSO Salling Team IS IncriaUng a 
SallbOardtng DMsion forcompetlUon In the Intercollegiate 
Yacht RaClnq AsSOCiadon, Those Interestod contact Frod 

Monday, March 11. 19 5 13 

Volpe at 942- 2916 Of Buff Ga/lmann at 270-6503. Nso 
\/lSi! !he SaIling Team meetlrlQS atery Wednesday neg/1t in 
EDNA. At 7:00 pm. 
lHUIISDAY 
1100 pm - Women'S TenniS. at MuIr Coorts. UCSO \'S, 
Urwersll)! of Texas. EI Paso 
I'RIDAY 

~IOO pm - Men's TennIS. at the Muir Coorts. UCSO \IS. 
Dartmouth 
7.10 pm - Men's Volleyt>all. In !he Main Gym. UCSO\lS, 
CSU f'¥JMrldge General Adl1llsSlClf1' S2. students Sl. 
SATURDAY 
12100 pm - Men's Baseball. at Olsen Field , UCSD\IS, W . 
New Mexico State I..hverslty. 
1100 pm - Llcrosse, on the Warren E<lst Field, UCSO\lS, 
Pl!fperdlne 
IUNDAY 
1100 pm - Lacrosse. on the warren East Field, UCSO\lS. 
Whlttl~. 

~ .. pm - Men's Baseball, on Olsen Field UCSD \IS. E 
ConnectICUt State lJnive'Slty 

Entertainment/A rts 
MONDAY 
4«10 "'" - UCSD New Wriling Series. In the Center for 
MuSIC Experlmen~ Bldg. 408. warren College Poetry 
reading by Clark Coolidge. 
5100 pm - New Plays In Process. In the ' Mandeville 
Reatal Hall. A staged reading of a new play ~ Charles 
Russel 
8tOO pm - UCSD .Jazz Ensembles. In Mandeville 
Audctonum, Olrectod ~ Jimmy Cheatham. plus speaal 
jazz "'rtuoSi, General admISsion: S3, students and seniors: 
Sl 
lUIESDAY 
1000Q.5/00 pm - -Art Gass '85 IrlIIitauonal. " in the 
Grove Gallery. at the UC Craft Center. ExhDl(JOf1 
continues t/'Vough March 22, Tuesdays, through 
saturdays, 
8100 "'" - Graduate RepertOI}l. In the Mandell Weiss 
Cent~ for the Perforrring Arts. "Frozen Assets." a BritiSh 
c0i11eC¥ oy Barne ~. Nso runs March 14 and 16. 
General adrTlfsslon: 15, avaIlable at the \II,,,,, Center 
Ticket Office. TicketrClf1 Outlets. UCSD Bo" Office and at 
the door 
_aDAY 
8100 pm - AtomIGI~. In !he Mandeville RecItal Hall. 
ExplosIVe evpn,ng. 
THlmDAY 
'100 pm - Hamlet Project. In !he lJCSD Theatre. 
\IIarren. Eric Chnstmas leads hIS actors thrDUgl an 
extraordinary ext'tdse In act1ng ~lYliques using 
Shakespeare's "Hamlet", 
8tOO p... - UCSD Chamber Ens=bIes. In the 
MandeVIlle Recital Hall. MuSIC of the centuries. 
I'RlDAY 
7_ "'" - Political Rim ~I<'S. In TU-I 107. "RagtIme." 
Sponsorod by !he Committee for World Democracy and 
Third World Studies. 
7'- pm - Hamlet Project. In !he UCSO Theatre. 
Warren Enc Christmas leads hiS actors throtJg'l an 
e><traordinary e_ose 111 acllng techrllques USing 
Shakespeare's "Hamlet" 
SATlJRDAY 
12_ pm - "Young American Artists III:' in !he 
Mandeville Art Gailei)' The third In the annual Young 
Am~ocan ArtIsts senes. Exhibition (CIf1bnues tnrDUglApfjl 
14. Gailei)' hours are noon-5.00 pm. Tuesdays through 
Sundays. 
7'- pm - Hamlet Project. In !he UCSD Theatre. 
W. rren. ErIC Chnstmas leads his actors ttlrough an 
extraordinary exerCISe in acting techniques USing 
Shakespeare's "Hamlet". 
.00 pm - ''T"humAMR, '' In Mandeville Auditorium. An 
opera. to be premlerod ~ UCSO performers. By Regents' 

LectlJ'~ Anthony Bra)((oo. this new """rk is wntten for full 
orchestra. chorus . soloists and solo Instruments. 
Performance also 00 Malch 17, 
SUNDAY 
J_ pm - UCSD COIncert Cholf. In MandeVIlle 
Auditonum. In Search of Songful Roots. .bhn Lauer. 
director. "Dear Old Songs 01 Arnerl",. " by lJCSO 
composer JoJI Yuasa. and other AmerICan folk songs. 

gobt~!!v~ 
~"t.1\ •. k tt INCLUDES: ., VYf ,Y Contact lenses, t~'5 examination. patient ,t6 training, follow up, ~ ~ -. chemical care kit ~ with student I.D, :it and fitting. 

~ -' 'I ,,\. ~ ",,,-, EXTENDED WEAR V/~ ~~~' LENSES ONLY $ 265.00 
THE CLASSICAL EYE 
ROBERT HELLER, 0 .0 . 

La Jolla Village Square 
452-7374 

Fashion \tcllley Center 
295-0537 

LOUIS M . TARTAGLIA, 0 .0 . 
UnIversity Towne Centre 

457-4 791 



1.. Monday, March 1 1, 1985 

A Viking feast 
By TOM FERGUSON 

T HE UCSD ME '5 VOLLEYBALL team was put to the test once again Saturday night as it faced 
yet another fonnidable oppone nt. After 
splitting laSt weekend's doubleheader. 
the Triton quad was to play Long 
Beach City College, a tough West Coast 
Junior college team. UCSD coach Digger 
GraybIll saId that hIS players were 
plaYIng theIr "besr volleyball now" but 
that rhey would "have their hands full" 
with LBCC. That rhey did , but th e 
Tritons' dogged play proved to keep the 
Vikings' hands full as well , as UCSD 
beat the visitors IS-4, 12-15. 15-6, 13-
IS , 15-12 in a very exci ting and 
emotional non-confere nce match. 

The Tritons came on strong in the 
first game, and with a combination of 
good service-and a lack thereof by 
Long Beach-plus strong hitting led by 
Dave Halgren and Mike Haggerty, UCSD 
dominated the Vikings. However, in the 
following encounter, the Tritons, despite 
a late rally. could not compete l'lith the 
powerful hirting of the Viki ngs' Darren 
Feenstra and Alex Maugututia. In the 
third game, UCSD confronted Long 
Beach with an all-around hitting and 
blocking effort to once aga in be the 
prevalent force . 

The last two garnt:~ of S,nurday's 
match provided the most e ntertaIning 
display of hitting and blocking of the 

night. Game four featured bo th teams 
playing equally well , with numerous 
changes of possession , Including a 
lengthy 9-9 deadlock. and a slow 
scoring progression . Halgren and 
Haggerry led the UCSD hirting attack 
with eight ki lls each, but the Tritons 
could not hold on In the end , losing the 
game 15- 13. 

The fift h and de idlng game I as the 
most exciting of the match and proved 
that Graybill's squad is indeed playing 
its best volleyball. The Vikings were the 
most potent they had been in the match 
with an effective hitting and blocking 
attack against the hosts, who, despite 
effective blocking, could not maintain 
their serve and found themselves faCing 
an 8-0 deficit almost immediately. 

The Tritons, impressively, slowly but 
su rely chipped away at the Viking lead , 
and eventually evened the score at 12, 
quieting the sizable Long Beach crowd 
and team while firing up the Tritons 
and their fans. UCSD's power hitting 
and selvi ng proved to be fatal to LBCC , 
as the Tritons prevailed IS-12 with a 
tremendous rally. The hitting was led by 
Halgren , the team leader In kills, who 
finished w1th 25 for the night. Haggerty, 
also a key pan of the T mon barrage 
against Long Beach, ended WIth 19 kiUs 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 15 > 
Ii .' lIT 

* 

Dave Halgren (a bov~) a~ld Mike Haggerty led the Triton oJjell se With 25 and 19 kills, respectively. 

1111 ! 1.1. eli II 

A mixed bag of balls having a lull like we've rended to have in this part o f a game. The third pall of the strategy was to play diSCiplined ball 
and shut the opposition down in the 
final three Innings." 

&Jb Natal is both an offenSive and a 
defenSive power for the Tritons. 

By JOHN SCHACH T , 5laffWnier 

T HE REFRAIN FROM THE SONG goes, "Anytime , anywhere , anyway I choose." Such a saying can 
apply-and , according to coach Lyle 
Yates, does apply-to the offensive 
capabiliry of the Triton baseball team. In 
a week of mixed results versus Division 
1 schools , th e Tritons exhibited this 
tendency, and a few others , as they 
defeated USD IS-I I and lost to SDSU 
11-6 in twO intracity road games. 
University of San Diego 

UCSD scored its first win ever ar USD 
as (he Tritons pounded Out 17 hits, led 
by shortstop Klaudio Biazevich 's four. 
Five other players- DH Jack 
Meerchaum, leadoff man David 
Stanovich , first baseman John Roseness, 
clean-up hitter Dere k A1konis and 
leftfielder Jim Mantn-had twO hits 
ap iece m the Tritons' biggest offenSIve 
explOSIOn of the year. 

Though no one will confuse USD with 
Miami or ArIzona State, the Tritons dId 
beat USD's rop starter, Tom Seyler, who 
entered the game with a 3- I record. 
Dan Healy pitched e lghr gutsy innIngs 
and , even though he gJve lip a 101 of 
runs, coach Yates thought he did an 
admirable Job. "Dan wasn't real sharp 
today, but he did keep us In the game 
He threw lS6 pitches before I finaliy 
had [0 pull him, but he's a tough 
competitor. I felt comfonablc wirh Dan 
on Ihe mound " 

Triton pm:hing, however, dId fall 
behmd agaIn eJrly In the g,lme This 
time. Healy surrendered three runs m 
the fi rs t to USD BI,lzevlch singler! m 
twO to knot the ('ount <It )-), but 51) 
slOred three morc In the second and 
led gomg IntO the sewnth . 8-5 
Unfonunatcl), for USD, the Tritons 

decided that the seventh would be the 
"anytime , anywhere , anyway they 
choose" inning, as they exploded for six 
runs on six hits , Rose ness' two-run 
double being the key blow. In all the 
Tritons batted through the order, with 
every player getting either a hit, a walk 
or a sacrifice fly . 

"We Hrmly believe, to a man, that we 
can score anytime against anybody. We 
have a line-drive-hitting club and we 
put the ball in play, and it's also nice to 
know we've got some guys who can go 
deep," said Yates. One of those guys , 
Bob Natal, sent three straight nies to the 
warning track in deep left field . "If the 
wind blows as it usually does here-
out- we would have a lot more runs, 
too ," Yates lame nted. 

San Diego State University 
Although UCSD had just defeated a 

Division I sc hool, Yates and his staff 
and ballplaye rs e ntered the SDSU game 
Thursday with a detenni na tion to 
improve in some key areas. Rather than 
standing pat, th e Tritons re llect an 
attitude of conSIstent determination to 
Improve that reflects their coach's 
com mltmem to making-and keepIng-
Ihe UCSD baseball squad an upwardly 
mobIle program. 

Ag,lInSt SDSU , Yates' team auempted 
to employ a three-pronged attack that 
would enJble it 10 reverse some 
unenVIable trends that had been 
developmg. "-I he fir I part of our 

~trategy was to come OUt with better 
Intensity. concentr..ltion cmd dlsclpltne ," 
said Y,ltes, " In order to overcome our 
slow stan, th,lI wc'w had recently. Thrn 
we wilnted to keep the Intenslry up 
through the middle Il1nIng~ tn~tcad 01 

Unfortunately for UCSD, not 
everything went according to plan . The 
Tritons did come out smoking, scoring 
twO runs in the first off the Aztec 
pitcher. Rick Davis, who started on the 
mound for UCSD, shut out SDSU in the 
first to help reverse the first-inning 
blues UCSD had been experiencing. But 
an untimely error led to two SDSU runs 
in the second. As a measure of respect , 
however, SDSU went to its # I short 
reliever after UCSD had scored in th .. 
first. "It JUSt goes to show," Yates said , 
"that SDSU was taking the game 
seriously by bringing in their ace 
reliever-they respected us." 

The middle-inning strategy failed , 
however, as the Tritons gave up eight 
runs in the the middle innings. Rather 
than roll over and play dead, though , 
UCSD came back wilh four in the 
eighth on l'our hits and twO walks , 
getting a key two-run SIngle from Martin 
and an RBI Single from Biazevich. The 
score ended that way, 11 -6, as UCSD 
was unable !O fu rther challenge the 
Aztecs. 

"We gained some respect ," thought 
Ya tes, "and we proved it by making 
them use some of their 'horses' to beal 
us." 

The Tritons have amassed a 10-7- 1 
reco rd going into .In Important 
doubleheader against DiVISIon III 
Oq:idemal this p.lst weekend . "We 
better get two wins ," Yares warned, "or 
we're not coming home. Hopefull y, after 
this tough DIVISIon I, DIVISion II ,tretc h 
of the schedule, we'll be .Ihle to h.mdle 
the;,c g.IITICS easily " Anytime, anywhere , 
anyway they chooc- wlth that attitude, 
the Tritons certainl), won 't brat 
them~e lvc> 1m 

Monda}, March 11, 1985 15 
'S~a.TS 
~: " '.'- .. .. . .- . 

Viking volleyball 
( CONTINUED FROM PAGE 14 
in the match. 

The Tritons, despite their 6-13 
record , have not given up. 'They are a 
young team," said coach Graybill, 
"making progress to finish strong in 
their last eight games." UCSD's goal is to 
win ten games for the season, which, if 
the team can maintain its present level 
of outstanding play, can be 
accomplished. The big test is coming 
this week, when the Tritons play three 
games in five days, the first of which is 
tonight against George Mason, another 
tough Division I competitor that was 
once ranked fifth in the nation. 

Graybill said the team did what it had 
to in Saturday'S victory, with a good 
team effort that saw almost everyone get 
a chance to play. He was also overheard 
to say to his team afterwards: "Nothing 
breeds success like success . ... We've 
had a new experience and won one 
match. Now we need to have a new 
experience and win another Monday 
against George Mason." 

Tonight's game is at 7:30 pm in the 
Main Gym. The Tritons travel to meet 
Chapman College Wednesday before 
returning home to face CSU Northridge 
this Friday at 7:30. ~ 

ScalI Criswell/cd a strong Trilon defense that proved faral to Long Beach Saturday at the Pavilion. 

___ UCSD THEATRE presents __ 

Banie Keeffe'S 
outTageous comedy 

Frozen 
Assets 

MARCH 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 & 16 
Mandell Weiss Center 

for the Performing Arts 
$5 • 452-4574 

Tickets available at 
Weiss Center Ticket Office 

UCSD Student Center Box Offi,ze 
and Ti~ketron. 

Flip it 
By KATHY ODELL 

W HEN YOU RUN ACROSS "sbale" in the Schedule of Classes , do you know to what 
this mysteriOUS abbreviation refers? It is 
shorthand for "South Baleony." Now, do 
you know what or where the South 
Balcony is? The South Balcony overlooks 
the basketball courts in the main 
gymnasium on Muir Campus. It houses 
UCSD's gymnastics equipment whose 
inventory includes two trampolines, 
uneven parallel bars , high bar, pommel 
and vaulting horses, rings, climbing 
ropes , balance beams and a variety of 
tumbling mats. Few people at UCSD are 
even aware that such wonderful 
equipment eXISts. Who , you may query, 
has access to this room and all the 
goodies It houses? Three groups use Ihe 
gymnastiCS eqUipment on a regular 
basis. These are phYSIcal education 
classes, recreation activity sessions and 
the UCSD Gymnastics Club. All three 
groups are accessible to each and every 
UCSD student. The latter two groups are 
also open to staff and faculry members. 
A fourth group, which will be open to 
UCSD and the neighboring commul1lty, 
is Flip San Diego, a masters gymnastic3 
program which will be starting in July. 
All students know how to enroll in PE 
courses, but how many know how to 
enter into recreation sessions and clubs? 
The answer lies at the Office o f Campus 
Recreation . Here you will learn that OCR 
is offering two activity sessions: 
GymnastiCS for Conditioning (Tuesdays 

and Thursdays, 6-7 pm, 4/ 16-6/ 6) and 
Trampoline (Tuesdays, 7 -9/m, 4/ 16-
6/ 4). Both are being offere this spring. 
Sign ups will be taken stalting March 18 
or one can use the mail-in registration 
fonn available in the Canyonvicw 
newsletter. Al OCR you will also learn 
that the gymnastics club works out 
Monday through Friday from 4 to 6 pm. 
To join, simply go to a club workout 
and chat with club members. 

What is so special about gymnastics 
that it deserves its own room? The most 
obvious answer is that gymnastics 
requires delicately balanced, heavy, 
special equipment that cannot be moved 
at a moment's notice. A more subtle 
answer concerns the incredible benefits 
one receives from a gymnastiC workout. 
Besides being an aerobic activiry, 
therefore very beneficial to the 
cardiovascular system, gymnastics 
teaches one coordination, flexibility and 
balance. It also offers increased mental 
concentration and strength to the 
participants. GymnastiCS also offers 
camaraderie for It IS in essence a group 
SpOrt. True, only one individual 
performs at a time, but others are 
needed to prevent injury and to offer 
encouragement. 

GymnastiCS is truly a unique sporr 
with many benefits to the individuals 
who partiCipate. It is so special that it 
has earned a room all to itself here at 
UCSD where space is a va luable 
commodity. So come on up to th e South 
Balcony and find out what IS so 
intrigu ing about this sport. Or better yet, 
enroll in a phySical education class or 
recreation actiVIty session or join the 
gymnastiC club so you will leam first 
hand why gymnastics is so special and 
why it has attracted so many dedicated 
mdividuals. If you have any questions 
concerning gymnastics at UCSD, caU 
Dan Groback a t 4S2-4037. Dan 
coordinates all aspects of gymnastics 
here o n campus from the club to the 
various classes. Get !lipping! ~ 

MANN'S BACK! 
AND YOUVE GOT THEM 

WITH THE 
NEW 

* 

$3,00 

Available Monday, March '11 
at the UCSD J?OxOffi cc 

This card eri~i-tle.$ you 
to buy Ois,'C9ulU: 

Mann, Pacific, an4,,'AJ.T. tickets 
at face ~~il~e . 

. " . 

' .. 

'I \ ... ' 

" , 
,. r ';1 



Ayn Rand R~aders and students of Objectivism 
m~ng tNf!fY Su~, II am-2 pm. Ho~ SiMngs 
of ~ca, 4311 La Jolla Village Drive, U1iversity 

To~ Celtre. (3/14) 
VIOlin, viola, pr~ for 32 or just for fun. Individual 01 
sharM lessons. Helel Martin, 457-0671. (6/6) 
Eam a Free Ski Trip & 5100.00 cash. For information 
call 714-750-0861. (3/14) 
Want to make at least 550/daf wo/int~pting 
your studi~. call anytime. Damon & Chil"lning 
942-5436. (3/11) 
lose from 10-291bs in just one month guarant~ 
or your 5 bade. Call anytime, Damon & Channing 
942-5436. (3/11) 
FREEl Hairruts In exclusive La Jolla salon. If 
interested call AUREL SALON at 459-9610. (3/11) 
The Firevvalkl The Firevvalk is coming to San Diego. 
You see It in the mMia. You hear about it from your 
frields. What would it feel like to "go far beyond 
what USM to be possible for you nowT Will you 
do the tirevvalk seminar with Anthony Robbins 
March 22nd in San Diego 7 What a wifj to md out 
the quarter. Get your tix and more info by calling 
Ted Herzog at 453-9454. (3/14) 
ATTN. GRAD STUDENTS. Tax Guide for Graduate 
Students now available in the Bookstore. (3/11) 
Cruise ship jobs available. Guarantee. Good 
income. Call now 707-778-1066. (3/11) 
KB Books Announcementl We have a home: For 
the first 2 weeks of each quarter 1M! are ope1ln the 
Ralph's Shopping Center at the Great Earth 
Vitamin Store. Also, 1M! are always available at 
452-8350; call for questions or about delivery 
policy. Remember: 10% below Bookstore pricel 
Spread the wordl (3/14) 

Imill lH~1111 
rm selling "¥ spring fling in Mazatlan. It's worth 

S~5. Will sefl for S7 Call Sue 755-599l/48~ 3687. 
(3/11) 
Waterbed-Gueensize, wood frame, waveless, 
e\lef)'tHng Induded. 5125. Call Brad 755-3260. 
(3/14) 
1979\11J1 RABBIT, di~el, 5-s~, ~xtra tank, nevv 
radials, sunroof. 52000/offer. 279-9456. (3/14) 
Ce1tur/on Cava/lao w/lights set free sevic~ till 
Oct. $125. call 452-8480. Leave ~sage. Brand 
new. (3/11) 
73 Malibu-Excellelt condition, automatic 
transrrusion, power steering. ~ brak~, air 
concition, rurrmt r~tration, smog ~jfjed. 
Sl,ooo or best Moving must selII 48~6236 call 
evenings. (3/14) 
'83 CEUCA GTS, 17K. xInt cond., loaded w/xtras. 
call Art /eve.) 690-1480. (3/11) 
Hotl Racing bike 58cm. vitus aluminum frame; 

~ic blue racing wheels; s~p tir~ & spare; 
SI700 fle\I\I; must sell. 5700. Call George at 481-
2136 W message. (3/14) 
Priority time r~evation for every intramural sport. 
Good for I year. ~t offer. Brian: 455-5310. /3/14) 

Prof~s: Cambridge condo, I bdr, 1-1/2 bttl, 1100 
sq. ft. of airy spadous~. Walk to campus, quiet 
furnished or unfumished. SI36, 000. Call for appt. 
4H8187. (3/11) 

I need cash-~lIing a 4 unit deal below cost-
brarld nevv~ out of original box. I-YanNla. 
Portable ac/dc efectronic keyboard Model P.S.300. 
I-Hanct,- carrying cas~, converts to music stand. l-
AC voltage co~er unit. I-Set W~t Power 

earpho~. ~t ~-retail value 5320.00. Call 
Harry Steingold-M-F aft~r 6:00 pm or all day 
weekmd /619) 578-1889. (3/11) 
1979 Honda E",ress " moped. 3,200 mil~, like 
nevv, original owner. S300. 756-2171. /3/14) 
All-Cal ski trip to Jackson Hole. Will sell my ticket 
for 52SO or best offer. Must hJrry:457-0159. (3/14) 
O:>n't miss DepWle Mode April I at Sports Arena, 
need to sell 2 tickets. Call eves. 729-BI35. (3/11) 
Last dlance to party b/4 tinalsl Tix 4 sale. Firm 
(w/JirTlll¥ Page) 3/14 & 3/16, good seats below 
cost/Iron Maiden 3/16 & 3/17, front 15 rows floor, 
cheap/ Depeche Mode, E. Murp~, Ro~ Watersl 
Keith 436-8:>41. (3/14) 
Guitar amps. Rola"1d JC-SO, 1-12", chorus, vibrato, 
reverb, distortion, etc. Excellelt condition. 5180. 
Fmder Champ S3O. 457-2817. /3/14) 
78 Ford Fairmont Stw. Auto air ps pb am/fm. Only 
56,000 mi. S2750 or best. Call Peter 481-1086. 
/3/14) 
Red 1969 VW bug. 4000 mil~ on OOfTl)letely 
rebuilt engine. Mint body and interior. Blaupunct 
stereo. Priced to sell. ~t offer. 270-0814 ~. 
(3/11) 
New books 10% orr for many AMES, Bio, Chern, 
Econ, EECS, Math, Jlt¥ics and Psych class~. KB 
Books is at Great Earth Vitamins in Ralph's Celter 
first 2 weeks each qtr. or call about delivery: 452-
8350. (3/14) 

kimDllIl ll1 
Wanted: Christian guitarist or bassISt w/Vdc~ 

n~ to complete band. Call John 453--6622. 
(3/11) 
Paste-lfl position Ope1ing soon at the Guardiarl. 
Experience preferred but not required. 55/hr, arid 
a hell of a lot of fun, call Phil Lauder at 452-
6580.(3/11) 
Non-smoker, female live-in atteldarlt for disabled 
student. 5700-800 a month and share expenses. 
Bari 579-6897. (3/14) 
Help Wanted: F~ble hours--<lifj or night. Round 
Table Pizza. 32SO Governor Dr. 457-2334. /3/11) 
Ba¥itter Warlted for two chilam, 4 and 6 yrs. 
old. Will Pili S4/hr. pkJs for a person to pick up kids 
from school arid stifj with them in afternoons. U.c. 
area. call for more details. 457-3377. (3/14) 
We N~ Yoo-tind out how you can double or 
triple your income without interferring with your 
pr~mt job. Some make aiXNe S5,000 a month. 
Need 5 responsible Pf!Ople. For info: 295-64 76. 
Gr~, Iv message. /3/11) 
H~1p Wanted: flexible hours--<lifj or nig-tt. Round 
Table Pizza. 32SO Govemor Dr. 457-2334. (3/11) 
Warlted: ~etarial assistant for doctor's office. 
Must ~ own car. Mon. & Wed. 8-2. Sun. 10-4. 
454-0973. (3/11) 

Roommate n~ to share 3 bedroom apt. in PB. 
5230 per montn plus first & last. 4B3-6236. (3/14) 

Roommat~ needed for Mission Bay house on the 
Bay, 2 bIocI<s from ~ach. Available April I. 
S258/mo. & 1/3 util. Call Matt or Jim 488-4108, 
smokers OK. fl!mal~ pre~red. /6/6) 
Room in thr~ bedroom condo, near UCSD, 
furnished ~autiful plac~ to s~. SJOO/mo. But 
well worth itll Call todifi 587-9233. /3/11) 
Warlted: housemate for house in La Jolla. Private 
room arid bath. Near ~ach. Cluit~ vegetarian, 
non-smoker only. Rent: S275. Call 459-6899. 
(3/14) 
For Rent: studio in Endnitas with ocean view. S375 
induding utllitl~. Call Pete, 436-8070 after 6 pm. 
(3/11) 
Female, nonsmoker roommate needed for spring 
qtr. Own room in oondo near UK; S267 & 1/3 uti/. 

Call~. 455-0639 Karel, Kathryn, Maxine. /3/11) 
OWl room in a 3 bdrm rondo in ~ 
Highlarlds w/2 nonsmoking females. S2SO/mo & 
1/3 utillitl~ . call Patti or Lyndell anytime 45~6354 
or le~ ~ w/madline. (3/11) 

Housenat~ wanted to share Iar~ two story house 
in U.c. Microwave, TV. and launcty faciliti~ avail. 

CI~arI non-smokers only pI~ase. S235/mo. 453--
1997. Please leave ~. /3/14) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. SI.SO/page. I 
pickup & deliver. ~ Laureru 279-8056. (3/14) 
Burke Secretanal-OUality typingl Sp~lIing 
OO"ect-Rushjobs ~alty/Flexibl~ m . La Jolla. 
457-3842. /3/14) 
TYPtNG/WORD PROCESSING: many ~ s~ 
to ~ from. spelling and punctuation errors 
oorrected, pick-up and delivery, quality work, 
FASnll 52/pq /double spaced). call Interactive 
Miao ¥tem5 at 452-9949. /3/11) 
EXPERT TYPING. Word Processing & Tape 
Trarlsaiption. Re~ rat~. ~ Key Word, 
459-5818. /3/14) 
Burk~ Secr~tarial-auallty typingl Spelling 
correct-Rush jobs ~alty/Flexible m. La Jolla. 
457-3842. (3/14) 
Housesitting. Will sit for prof. going on leave for 1 
mo. plus. Xlnt ~. 0avid-225-699S. 226-4318. 
(3/14) 
Top Dravver SKfetarial r~rts, r~um~. 
MOI"lUSCIipts. Student rat~. Word pr0c5ing. 

[)j~ 481-4160. /6/61 
Word processing. Let us put it on disk to mak~ 

r~sions ~asy and final copy ~autiful. ,.t,cacja 
~ks, 278-8614. /3/11) 
Former UCSD grad will do your typing. 8 yea-s 
prof. e~. fast. accurate, neat. call nowl Nadine 
57&-0496. /3/14) 
Visiting from ~rkeley BOBSI PEARSON T't1'ING-
EDlnNG. Exaptional work. Same and next day 
service. Finished quality better thiI1 most word 
pr0c5ing. Former correspondent TIME and 
FORTU\lE. Manuscript dients indude Harvard 
Econonist R. Musgrave. $1.25 standard pq. 274-
2659. (3/14) 
Typing/Word Proc~ing-For all your !yping 
needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush jobs 

ac~ted. /4/1) 
Nothing should stop you from going abroadl For 
info, call the Opportunities Abroad Offi~ x37~. 
/3/11) 

Take Off On A High Flying Career 
As A Flight Officer. 

Be pan of the Navy aviation team - a Naval Flight Officer. As a flight officer, you'll be responsible for controlling 
complex, on-board weapons and navigation systems on sophisticated Navy aircraft. As a flight officer, you'll be 
*en advanced technical training. You'll gain early responsibility. And you'll have the chance for worldwide 
travel. 
QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum BNBS degree (summer graduates may inquire). Applicants must be no more 
than 29 years old and have vision correctible (0 20120. Relocation required . Applicants must pass aptitude and 
physical examinations and qualify for security clearance. u.s. citizenship required . 
BENEFITS: Excellent package includes 30 days' earned annual vacation , medical/dentai/low-cost life 
insurance overage and other tax-free incentives. Dependent'S benefits available. Promotion program included . 
PROCEDURE: Send resume to , or caU Naval Management Programs. 

NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT, BUILDING # 335 NAVAL TRAINING CENTER, 
SANDIEGO,CA, 92133, PHONE 293-6746 

~--_Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. ____ -

Word processing/writing. IntrO<iJctory offer: 15% 
off "rst job. Good rat~ for resu~, Itlrses, etc. 
System cofll)atlble with UCSO main oo~ter. 
Near Uliversity City. Words & Music Unlimited, 
458-9038. /3/14) 
A Plus Typing/Word Pr~-thl!se, papers, 
reumes, ~ Fast, r~asonable, pro~naI, in 
SDSU ar~a. Joarl 287-3199. /4/4) 
Transcription. Standard cassette or mini. SI.SO 
pp/draft/no proof. Full Typing Servia. 450-1S09. 
/3/111 

INSURANCE WARI W~'. ~at any prI~ or ~ 
don't want your busi1ess. TIckets, acddents, 
sports cars, good driver /Student dIscounts: all 
wefcome. call 286-1135. Request UCSD ~. 
/3/14) 
La Jolla Astro Services. Analysis of all prospectS of 
your refationship. Call 456-0626. /3/18) 
PIZZA RAMA RAMA PIZZI\ PIZZA RAMA RAMA 
PIZZA The ~ the on~1 See you at the RAMA 
Wednesday of FINALS ~ 5-8 pm Catholic 
lounge. /3/14) 
MJ: rm intigJedl Wherl C¥l I mak~ an 
~lfltment7 SN. /3/11) 
You too can work, s~, uavel abroadl All it taI<~ 
is initi~1 Find out more at the Opportunities 
Abroad Offia or call x37~. /3/11) 
Must sefl my spring All-cal ski trip ticket. SlSO or 
best offer. Must aa quickly. Craig 457-0159. /3/14) 
SN: ~~ Rx-MM ~ at the f\Jb Fr~ 
3/15 at 4:00. MD. /3/14) 
Dick-let loose one of your seamen, and now he 

scor~ mor~ otten than you. \Xhlat to do 7-Squirt. 
(3/11) 
.JuN~s~ ar~ red. 1Iio~ are blue, rm your 

~sew~, poop poop ~ doll ~aGreat Dayl 
/3/11) 
MiJcted-Thanksl lDve-N, /3/11/ 

Kr:is-t-iey marl, ~ both know \l\t1at Q045 down 
al Mardl 121 Thank Q&MId tMe's no prohibitionl 
The.sud Man F~I)' should leave ~ alcoholic 
preents lIlder your pillolN, so that you C¥l 
consume them when the dock strikes mictliglt. 
/So IMlat'S a s~ buzz before class?) Happy 
8i~KristlntMari~.llwyoudearly.-nnat.lc~. 
P.S. Hope you have many mor~ scrambled eggs in 
your futur~. /3/11) 

lost: BkJe s~atjacket in HL 1402 on Wed. 2/27. 
Please retum-reward-sentiental value. call 
45~67IB. /3/14) 
Found: A Pet Rabbit on 3/4 at BLD ~3. To Claim 
call 455-9575 evenings. /3/14) 
Lost: l.adi~ gold s~jko quartZ watch on 3/6. If 
round please call 452-1634. Can ider1t~. /3/11) 
Irmvnologt textbook lost. Please retum to' iL LDst 
& Found or call 488-S669. (3/11) 
lost ~b. 1st; I100ded niNy b~ Woorich jacket 
with beige chamois lining; reward, call 455-7766. 

K~ ttyIng. /3/11) 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
bV reglsteled, proteulonol electrologists 

MEN.WOMEN ~ 
ca.ntIe TreGlment 
AJr o...anzlng 

• MedIcal ApprONd 
• California LIcenaed 
• Tax DeductIble 
flEE CONSUlTATION 

LA JOLLA W,IOAPMK 

1~1WI 1519-90501 
1910 Villa LG Jolla onv. 211O-M1 AVie. 


