
~onlNll. 7. 



2 Thursday, Jail 17, 1985 
NE 

Almost two-thirds of the nalion's 
un i I'ersl 1)' freshmen think the Reagan 
Admlnlstranon should be domg more to 
promote disarmament, and nearly 70% 
say that increased mllital) spending will 
not help, lhe San Otego Union reponed 

Accordmg to the 19th annual survey 
of emering university freshmen , 
conducted by UCLA and the American 
Council On Education , these views arc 
part of a "mixture of strong !tberal and 
conservative trends in student political 
and social attitudes. 

"These mixed liberal and conservative 
trends show clearly that there is no 
monolithic trend towards greater student 
conservatism," Dr. Alexander W . Astin, 
director of the survey, said . 

The survey also noted that freshmen 
are more interested in making money 
than they have ever been in a survey to 
date . There was also a decline in 
student's interest in technological fields. 

o 
Calling on legislators to "go for the 

gold again," Gov. George Deukmejian 
proposed funding tncreases for all levels 
of public education as well as a salary 
increase for University of Califronia 
professors in hiS third State of the State 
address Tuesday, jan. 8. 

Reiterating his claim that education 
has been his Number 1 priority, 
DeukmeJian asked a jOtnt session of the 
Assembly and Senate to approve an 
8.8% salary increase for faculty , a 19% 
increase in financial aid funding and 
enough money to keep student fees at 
then present level. 

Maintaining student fees at the 
current rate-approximately $1.317 for 
UC undergraduates-could cOst the 
state $13 mllhon to $15 million, 
according to UC Student Lobby Director 
Ron Balestrien. 

The $70 fee reduction students are 
savoring thiS year was made pOSSible 
with $10 million in slate aid . 

Deukmejian's proposed salary 
increase for UC faculty-he also 
suggested a hike of over 10% for 
California State University instructors-
falls slightly shon of the university's 
request for the 1985-86 fiscal year. 

The univerSity, in a budget tentatively 
approved by the Regents last faU, 
requesled a 7.8% increase , which would 
keep faculty earnings on the same level 
\vith professors' salaries at eight other 
institutions UC has been comparing 
itself to. These schools include Harvard , 
Yale , Stanford and the University of 

:-: '. • .. ~. _ • I ~::r •• w ... 

\Visconsin at Madison . 
In addltlon , the university asked for 
another I. -% hike, which could push 
UC salaries above the eamings of 
professors at the other eight schools. 

UC professors received their firsl 
increases in recent memory of 9% and 
3%, according 10 Lowell Paige, the 
govemor's advisor on higher education. 

In his speech Tuesday, DeukmeJian 
proposed a 10% Increase in regular 
funding for kinderganen through 
twelfth-grade education and an 8.6% 
increase for the state's 107 community 
colleges, a fi nancially strapI'd system 
many Democrats feel has been slighted 
by_Deukmejian. 

The governor estimated that 
education funding has increased $10 
billion since he took office in January, 
1983. Noting his own accomplishments, 
the Republican criticized his Democratic 
predecessor, former Gov. Jerry Brown, 
for letting California lag behind the rest 
of the nation in education funding and 
reform. 

o 
Colleges and universities need to 

work more closely with schools to take 
advantage of "the firs t national 
opportunity in a generation ro bring 
about real and lasting reform in our 
schools," UC President David P. 
Gardner told a group of educators in 
Anaheim recencly. 

In a Ialk before the California School 
Boards Association, Gardner said the 
time is ripe for change because the 
public has demonstrated its concern 
aboUl education. ' 

Recent reports clling a decline in Ihe 
quality of American education have 
transformed a "vague public unease into 
a clanon call for refonn ." 

"The public worried because the 
public cared; and a worried or even a 
hostile public , in my opinlOn , is far 
preferable to an mdlfferent one," 
Gardner said . 

The social and educational upheavals 
of the 1960s brought Increased 
educational opportunities to millions of 
previously underrepresented students, 
Gardner said. 

At the same time, it brought a dilution 
of the curriculum, growing disciplinary 
problems and a shifting onto the 
schools of responsibilities that 
traditionally belonged to the family, 
church or other institutions. 

An unfortunate casualty of those 
difficult times has been the once 

+. I I- r...t...l 
- f- i. 

,. 
1000 I'll I'" r ,. 

r. 
." ill" ~ .. r ... tAl~ IIL4lI II n ". I.t Ir 

" 
Lnt • ~ • ","II" , , I' 1;1 ...... f- Ilii ... ~ h 

fl IJ ~ LJ I 
f1 /'}' rr 

C~r: Alcoholism is a disease that doesn't seem ready 
to dlsappear-least of all not from the university 
campus. A first step to dealing with it properly is 
understanding it thoroughly, a task UCSD's Dr. Mark 
Shuckit has undenaken with his student surveys and his 
"Challenge Studies." Find out more in the cover story, 
page 7. 
News: The UCSD Med Center studies new stroke prevention 
methods, the State Legislature may take control of student fees 
and it's official: Martin Luther King did have a binhday, and yo~ 
and your fellow UCSD students can stay home and celebrate it on 
Monday. 
~pin.io~s: An editorial on a disease of the times ". perhaps, a 
duellSt look at 1984 and beyond, reflections on obnoxious 

bikers, plus leners and Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: KAOS (Killing As an Organized Spon) staned as a 
method to reduce the "alien ness" felt by many in the donns, but 
those who have survived tell us that it's more than just a friendly 
get-acquainted activity. 
Sports: An intramural review and preview, a look at a small but 
gritty women's basketball club, and thoughts on the upcoming 
Super Bowl, number ex-eye-ex. 
Hiatus: ~ talk with UCSD sculptor ltalo Scanga, Freedom of 
Injo,:"ation com~s to campus Sunday, a preview of upcoming 
mOVles-upcommg FREE mOvies, that is-plus Bob's Books, 
Go:ngs On, and reviews. 

COVER PHOTO BY JOR~ ASRLEE &: RICH PECJAI< 

coopemuve pannership between the 
schools and higher education, Gardner 
said. That partnership has come 
unravelled In recent years, "the victim of 
many different kinds of stresses and 
strai ns on both higher education and 
the schools." 

And in lowering admission slandards 
and granting credit for high school level 
work through remedial programs, 
Gardner added, colleges and universities 
have sent a clear message to the schools 
and their students that "acquiring basic 
skills need not be done in high school 
because it can be done in campus." 

Schools in Calfomia face some 
additional problems and unique 
challenges, Gardner said. By the year 
2000, Hispanic students will comprise 
the largest Single segment of school-age 
children in the state, yet more than one-
third of them now do not graduate from 

high school. 
One of the state's challenges will be 

increasing the number of minority 
students who finish high s hool and 
move on to higher education, Gardner 
said. 

Despite its relative wealth, Gardner 
said, California spends less per pupil on 
I'd ucation than most other states in the 
nation . Its students tend to do 
somewhat less well overall on nationally 
administered tests. 

Gardner called for educators at aU 
levels to work together to rebuild the 
essential partnership between Calfornia's 
schools and its colleges and universities. 

'The ultimate aim of these academic 
partnerships i$- to establish a community 
of excellent schools within the 
geographic region of each of our nine 
campuses," he said. 

- Sean Wagsuff 
o rsection----------------------------------------~ 

to e Cluster extends hours on experimental basis 
y 

"The UCSD libraries contain the best 
possible resources but the growth of our 
campus has created a situation where 
access to these needed resources is 
severly limited . and we have half the 
seating needed ," said Michael 
Goodheim, AS financial controller and 
undergraduate representative to our 
Institutional Self-Study and Evaluation 
committee. 

During the spring quaner last year. 
Goodheim and AS Vice-President Mary 
Rose Alexander began work on a pilot 
project to alleviate some of the library 
access problems by expanding the hours 
of Central University Library and the 
Cluster Humanities Library. Alexander 
said , "Although the needs of Individual 
libraries vary from campus to campus, 
their responsibility to the academic 
community remains the same. As was 

stated in the recent UCSD Libraries Five 
Year Plan, there must be a commitment 
to 'bring library collections and services 
to a level truly commensurate with the 
research mission of the UniverSity ' 
Mike and I further stressed access to 
these resources is of utmost importance . 
To adequately secure this access , 
according to the WeStern Association of 

School~ and Colleges Handbook of 
Accreditation. 'open hours' must be 

'convenient' to the academic 
community. It was our belief last spring 
that UCSD had nOt achieved excellence 
in this area." 

The proposed extension in hours for 
Central Library added one hour to the 
Sunday-Thursday evenings, five hours to 
Saturday and a ninth week chedule 
similar LO the tenth and final's week 
schedule , with a total COSt per quarter of 
$7,000. Thl' extension for Cluster, which 

has a smaller staff, would cost $2,970. 
Alexander said, "Everybody was 

interested but nobody wanted to pay for 
it. EventuaUy the council of Provosts 
posted the funds for a one quaner trial 
run for Cluster Library. The library will 
conduct a survey to see if the extended 
hours are used. If not , the pilot project 
would be cancelled . If this is successful, 
we have a strong argument 10 reapply 
for expansion of Central's hours." And . 
in addition, the opening of the south 
entrance to Cluster's silent study room 
until 2 am is being conSidered ; the 
mai n obstacle is the security. 

Cluster Library will now expand its 
Friday evening .hours from 5 10 LO pm 
and Saturday 9 to 10 pm . On Saturday, 
the library will open twO hours earlier at 
9 am and one hour earlier on unday at 
10 am . 

-Christopher Canole 

ThulJdgy, }<In. 17, 198.5 3 

No sharp increases 
• 

Legislature may take control of student fees 
By JANE ROSENBERG. 5clcra~lo Comspondml 

A PROPOSAL TO PLACE a ten percent cap on student fee increases and decreases at 
the California State University and the 
University of California will probably be 
introduced in the state legislature within 
the next two weeks and is expected to 
find favorab!e suppon there. 

UC Student Lobby Director Ron 
Balestrieri, who worked on the proposal 
along with student and administrative 
representatives from CSU, UC and the 
Hastings College of Law, said he expects 
Assemblyman jack O'Connel, D-Santa 
Barbara, to carry the legislation. 

An O'Connel aide said the 
assemblyman, who also is vice chair of 
the Assembly Education Committee, is 

Balestrieri said. 
Cal State students have also suffered 

through a 240% increase. he said. 
The Fee Policy Committee repon 

represents the seond eITon to slow 
down skyrocketing education costs. The 
Cal State system is now using a fonnula 
created after the midyear hikes of the 
1981-82 fiscal year, said MaJjorie 
Dickinson, director of special projects 
for CPEC and a member of the Fee 
Policy Committee. 

The proposed formula is similar for 
both the Cal Stale and UC systems. Fees 
would be based on a three-year average 
of state appropriations to both systems. 
If state appro(>riations increased five 

The Fee Policy Committee recommended that fees 
be prevented from increasing more than ten percent 
from the previous year, 
"more than hkely" to sponsor the 
proposal. 

The ten percent limit. along with a 
fonnula for setting student fees based on 
state appropriations to higher education 
and a deadline for Regents and Cal 
State trustees for raising student fees, 
was born OUI of three months of 
negotiations among members of the 
state Fee PoI,icy Committee. 

The Fee Policy Committee, whose 
members also included representatives 
from key legislative committees, the 
Calfomia Postsecondary Education 
Commission and the governor's office, 
released its recommendations last 
month. The committee was fonned as 
pan of last year's budget act in an 
attempt to create some stability in the 
student fee situation. 

Although UC students enjoyed a $70 
CUt in fees this year, the fiscal crises at 
the end of Gov. jerry Brown's second 
tenn resulted in mid-year hikes and 
students ultimately endured an 80% 
increase over a three year period. 

percent, fees would increase five 
percent; if appropriations decreased live 
percent, fees would decrease five 
percent. 

Although the state could increase 
appropriations by 12%. the proposed 
cap would prevent fees from increasing 
more than ten percent. 

Cenain areas funded by the state 
would not be included in calculating the 
three year average for UC-insttUCtion, 
research, public service, teaching 
hospitals, organized activities and 
libraries. Including these C05lS in the 
fonnula could amount to srudents 
paying tuition for the first time at UC, 
Balestrieri said, noting t;hese costs are 
picked up by the state, and not 
students. . 

We've always made a tuition fight. It's 
always been a major issue for us," he 
said, explaining why students sought 
out the distinction. "Including those 
areas would amount to tuition ." 

Balestrieri said the fonnula would 
result in similar fee increases at both 

CAREERS IN TEACHING: 
GRADUATE STUDY AT BERKELEY 

The school of Education of .the University of California, Berkeley. 
aters specialized teacher preparation programs for a limited 
number of outstanding graduate students. For 19~, 
secondary school teacher preparation programs will be 
available in the following subject areas: English (emphasizing 
the teaching of writing ); Matt:lematlcs; and Science. Elementary 
school programs offered next year will stress applications of 
developmental psychology In teaching and lmovative 
approaches to science and mathematlc~ Instruction. 
For more detailed Information and/or application forms. write: 
Student Services OffIce. School of Education. University of 
California. Berkeley. CA 94720. or telephone (415) 642-0836. 

r---------------------------------, : JANUARY CONTACT SPECIAL : 
: (With tis Coupon) I 
I SOFT LENSES EXTENDED WEAR 
: r:; .:~ $9feom~* $199 compld~* 

-. ~ : .~ 

i-7 
: ~--

I I 

: OPTOMETRIC 
I EXPRESS L__________ _ __ 

INQ.LDES: 
E~ Exam 
One Pair of Lenses 

Handli~ Instructions 
Chemical Coft Kit 
FoIloN-Up Visits 

UNIVERSfTY TOWNE CENTRE 
NEXT TO SEARS-CALL ~ APPOINTMENT 

NOT GOOD \1VITH NoN OTHER OfFER 
0453-361 Expires 1/31/85 

-

_ _ ___ .. _--I 

CSU and UC, which would cover salaty 
hikes and in Dation. The formula would 
not mean thaI Cal State and UC 
students would be paying the same 
amount in fees. 

the faD tenn in which they yp into 
effect 

UC students pay an average of SI,317 
per year, and Cal State srudems pay an 
average of S640 per year. 

The Fee Policy Committee's repon 
also recommended that the graduate fee 
differential in the UC system be 
dropped and that student fees be set by 
governing boards ten months prior to 

Balestrieri said he is pleased with the 
findings of the Fee Policy Committee, 
whose 3+ members also included 
staffers from the Senate Finance and 
Education committees, and the 
Assembly Ways and Means and 
Education committees. Dickinson also 
noted thaI the committee originaDy 
planned to include a section in the 

opportunite 
• unique 

pourvous 
French 

Majors/Minors/Speakers 

For you. and 1M world ilSf!lf. ~ .. Pf!acf! COfPS voIu .... 
I",r. you can pul your df!C~ 10 work al a ch."If!~ 
ins. df!mandinc and uniq .... opjXMtunity. You'" bf! 

m~li~ MW ~ •• ..arn .... .-~. f!X-
perM!nconc a MW cullurf! and pininc a whole MW 
oulloolLAndwhilf!you'ff! buildi~your luI"''', you'll 
..... p ~ in df!Vf!lopinc counlr"" throuah f'duc.o-
tion. Malth, acricuhur .. and communIty df!"..1op-
menl projects. Th" financial , .. wards may not be 
g",al. bul as a P .. ace Corps voIUnlef!f. your oppor-
lunity 'or growth I c"nain. 
PEAa COII'S IIECIUTBIS QoI CAMPUS 
II'II:IrmIlion IIoottt It !he ~ 
~ 17.22 & 21 l1am to 1pm. 
PEAa COII'S FIM 
~ 1!5! & 1!3, 12 I1X)O & 3 pm. 
IleYdIe IMlrmeI L.ouret 
INTBMEWS 
~ • .I¥ouety 24. SI!Jl up in adIIi!nce ill !he 
Career PIonnire & PIocement Office 

> CONIlNUED ON PAGE 8 > 



... Thursday, Jan , 17. 1985 

Alcoholism: an anachronism? 
It is not our job to lecture on the consequences of drinking alcohol in 

excessive amounts. There are scores of organizations and self-
proclaimed moralists who make that their daily vigil. We feel that it is 
up to you, an individual with a free will, to decide what you want to do 
with your mind and body. No human being has the right to pass 
judgement on another's actions, especially when it concerns what we do 
with our small periods of leisure. We live in a tightly structured society 
that does not leave us with much time to celebrate our lives, nor rest 
from the harshness of reality. The organizations that preach to us about 
the evils of drinking inform us that existen!=e is much more fulfilling if 
lived without stimulants, "The day is much brighter without the 
throbbing ache of a hangover," they say. "To escape from your problems 
through the bottle is no cure," we hear. "Go take a walk if you have a 
burning desire to gulp down a beer," they tell us so cheerfully. We hate 
to throw a jigger their way, but mankind seems to believe that is a 
barrelfull of pretencious manure. Because people swig alcohol for an 
innumerable amount of reasons, and they are not all traceable. 

For what is the perfect state of physical equilibrium anyway? What 
type of daily diet leads to the clearest thinking? It has been speculated 
that malnutritious people have a completely different mindset than well-
fed folks because of their daily lack of the proper vitamins, cholesterols 

and proteins. Does this mean that when they perform an "undesirable 
act" that it is a direct, or even indirect, result of their eating and 
drinking habits? The same scenario can be applied to alcohol 
consumption, rendering the entire exercise an abstract hypothesis at 
best. Can we possibly accuse someone of committing a foolish act as a 
direct result of having an excess amoum of, or lack of, alcohol in their 
bodies? Alcohol, because of its numbing effect, has prevemed many 
people from going over the deep end. But, it has also helped push quite 
a few of our populace over the cliff. 

What we would like to present here is that there is a flip-side to 
every state of being. That's why record albums have two sides: There are 
always at least two distinct messages to be interpreted from each 
conceptualization. If our alcohol analysts' premise for the reason why 
people drink is that somewhere within their psyche they are miserable, 
then we would tend to agree. But the solution to unhappiness certainly 
does not lie in the abolition of alcohol, or even in the moderation of alcoholic 
intake. Paths of self-destruction are not chose randomly. The creation of a 
dull bliss set on by a moronic indulgence in one panicular substance may be 
disdainful, but not condemnable. If you are watching your best friend slide 
imo Hades counesy of Kentucky rotgut, you might offer her another 
opt~on. Or maybe take the bottle away~f !ou~re so inclined. 

ll<eilit<elf~ll<ellit<elf~n<.eilit®lf~llce;ili.t®lf~n®~~®lf~ll®ltitceJj~ll®\ill®lf~n®~ttcelf~nce(tfr~If~ll~{t{t<err~llcefctt<elf~llce 
~®Jj$lettersllceilit~rr~llcew®lf~n®1.tfr®Jj~ll®fr~®Jj~n®~fr®rr~n®ilit®Jj~n®~~<elf~ll<ew~lf~llcefdtcelf~nce~fr® 
li~n~ilit®Jj~ll<eilit<elf~n®~fr~li~n®ilit®Jj~n®tt1i:®If~ll®frfr®li~n®fr~celi~n®tt~®li~n<e~frcerr$)n®W<eJj~n<eilircelf 
The true Christ 
Editor: 

The two anicles in Monday'S issue of 
the Guardian, "CCC attempts to pull 
Jesus out of a hat" by Chnstopher 
Can ole and "An After-Christmas Story" 
by Phil Lauder ("cross sectlon" and "the 
writer's i," pages two &: 13 respectively), 
though being of interest and informative 
to the readers, seemed to faU a bit short 
of their central, underlying theme: the 
simple meaning of the life of that feUow 
Jesus Christ. Whatever the religiOUS 
convictions of an individual might be, 
the impact of a story whereby one 
young man, 33 years old , would 
demonstrate his prinCIples of peace to 
the point that he becomes a martyr, and 
perhaps symbolizing to a much greater 
extem that one person can love his or 
her friends so very much that he or she 
would be willing to give up hiS or her 
very own life for those precepts, is 
noteworthy indeed , 

In the United States. we have a law 
separating church and state; therefore , 
the AS fu ndmg of the CCC should be of 
imerest to aU , Neither the CCC, nor a 
priest, nor a minister, nor a missionary 
has the ability to "pull Jesus out of a 
hat." Jesus, or rather his prinCiples, may 
be pulled out of th e heart of each 
person, depending upon that person's 
attitude and Willingness to accept such a 
high-principled manner of lifestyle , 
Whether or nOt a represe ntallve can 
describe "how true reality can only be 

realized through Jesus Chnst," whether 
or not there is a "clear separation 
between the illUSIOnist and the 
evangelist segments" of the CCC 
program or whether or not 
Commissioner Lifschiz may be correct 
with his statement that the CCC "did 
not fully deSCribe the Intention of the 
activity," one should realize that the 
propounders of any such great ideal 
should not be paid (see Isaiah 45:13 tn 
the Old Testament and I Peter 5:2 in the 
New Testament). It seems rather 
inappropriate that any organization 
should make money by exploiting a 
simple and meaningful message of a 
martyred mlln by attaching a doUar 
value fo r presenting that ideology. Jesus 
himself probably would not have wanted 
anyone to use his precepts or 
methodology for gain, 

The same is true for Christmas. 
Christmas has perhaps entirely lost its 
meantng, according to some 
implications tn the article by Phil 
Lauder, There IS the hype, th e sa les, the 
new clothes, the gifts, the exchange of 
money, the over-involvement with 
putting up hghts and Christmas trees, 
wrapping packages and prepanng gifts, 
Christmas should not merely be an 
exercise in capitalism, nor should it 
represent a meaningless materialistic 
exchange. Chnstmas IS a birthday. It is 
a celebration of the birth of that same 
man, Jesus Christ, who so nobly laid 
down hi s life for people and ideals. 

According to the scriptures of the New 
Testament, he loved and loves us that 
much (see John 3: 16), One should not 
celebrate such a holiday, regardless of 
when Jesus was reaUy born (what time 
of year), without taking these things tnto 
account, 

The idea of Jesus Christ is so very 
simple, yet so very disturbing to 
students, professors, administrations 
and people of aU nations. Christ is not 
about success. acquisition of goods, 
getting a better grade at the expense of 
another colleague ' or being upset 
because students, from a faculty 
viewpoint perhaps, do not put the effolt 
they should into their c1asswork, 
laboratory work, papers, projects and 
speeches, Paul , a devout follower of 
those precepts after the death of Jesus 
Chnst, announced in his second letter 
to the Corinthians that ideology is 
about a simple and powerful love of 
God , It is a love that is patient and 
kind , not jealous or conceited or proud , 
not ill-ma nnered or selfish or irritable; it 
doe not keep a record of wrongs; that 
love is not happy with bad things, evil, 
but is happy with the truth , That love : 
never gives up: its faith , hope and 
patience never fa il. That kind of love is 
eternal. 

Before we take stands for or against 
the CCC funding, find ourselves "quite 
reluctant to take anything down" after 
Ch ristmas or push that Chnstmas spirit 
OUt of our minds, don't you think we 

should truly contemplate such a truly 
wonderful idea? If we, as participants in 
this microcosm at UCSD, can honestly 
strive to be a little more patient and 
kind , not jealous or conceited or proud 
(Le. when we get a better or worse grade 
than our neighbor), maybe , just maybe, 
then we might be able to make this 
place a little more bearable, 

We should be elated to have the 
opportunity to obtain such a gift as a 
higher education . So very many people, 
not only in this country but throughout 
the world, do not get that opportunity, If 
we will not be selfish or ill-mannered or 
irritable when professors faU short of our 
expectations, and learn to forgive those 
professors who either are so caught up 
tn the system that they have no time to 
truly get to know the intentions of the 
hearts of their colleagues or us as 
students, If we will not keep a record of 
wrongs (Le., professors or administrative 
officials who have given us a bum rap), 
but politely point out to them by way of 
example, so that some poor student five 
years from now in that same si tuation 
will not have to face a similar harrowmg 
experience. If we try to live by example 
on this campus, amidst the academic 
pressures, deadlines, rebeUious or 
conformist attitudes, then perhaps we 
will have that spirit of Christmas 
manifested in each and every one of us. 
Then perhaps 1985 will truly be a great 
year" " 

Carl R. Nicholson 

;ill!!!i~~:i ~ ~ ; .De. 1EGIt __ 1W& ..... _ ......... IMi. 
AEIMJID. NCItIlECW<, ~t1f $OFUY 

STAFF WMW: ww. ~G. ffiWI FEiNT, x::w. fIQP.SIlM, ~ H.WotON, ~~ 
0iN5M'. ~ AOOfJ\T l1ONE. I.US~, _~IC.I<£I.IE( NEAL. ~'OMN. 

.. , ...... ................................... ~~.~~~ .. ~~~-......... -- .. -.. -.. " ... '"''''''.-"" ' ," .. .... " ..... -... ,, .. ~ ........... .. - ..... -
PASTE~ MmTS: JOttoI ASH..EE. 5INON NGOI. ~ P.II!it1tI, KNU ~ AW50f PINSKY 
TVIIE5ET1DS: KEN f\.M. .WI ~, ..... ~ cw.. fHClto¥.S 
IUSMSS MAlttGERS: OM MlR. HHCL OINOC),IIlB HOfFMNoI 

Thursday, Jan , 17, 1985 S 

dThe Duelist 

Beware of the Mask of Freedom 
By CHRISTOPHER CANaLE 

EVERY NEWSPAPER ACROSS the country printed a year-end editorial proclatming we had survived the fate of George Orwell's 1984, including what 
must be the most-used three word ending to this 
particular editorial theme , "Or did we?" 

During the final days of that fateful year, a Los 
Angeles theater presented a one-week showing of 1984 
for Academy Award considerations, When asked why a 
movie which has been showing throughout Europe to 
sold-out audrences for the past six months was not 
shown earlier here in the United States, the theater 
manager said , "The marketing agents assumed that 
since people in this country were trying their damdest 
to deny any similarities berween Orwell's story and the 
United States today, the general public would not 
attend a movie that might challenge their attitudes," 

If that were not enough to make one start to think, 
President RonaLd Reagan held off until the first week 
after 1984 to announce the formation of a White 
House news information service to provide the 
"correct" news, On the day of Reagan's announcement, 
the Guardian staff anticipated a nationwide media 
outcry towards the President's formation of an 
Orwellian "newspeak" bureau, We waited , and waited , 
and waited "" 

While waiting for the media to decide if 1984 was a 
candidate for "That's Incredible," "Real People" or an 
audience question for "Family Feud," I decided to pick 
up a copy of 1984 at the local bookstore, The clerk 
said if I had $75 I could look at the store's single copy 
of the new table top edition that displays all of Orwell's 
handwritten notes. Then, if [ was interested in 
purchasing a copy, she could PUt in a special order 
which would arrive in three to six weeks. Wanting to 
check the coment of Orwell's vision, not his 

Now those who deny the 
warnings of 1984 will be able to 
argue that not only is it an anti-
Stalinist statement, but it is also 
derived from a Russian's view 
of the future. -
handwriting style, I requested a paperback copy. The 
clerk shrugged her shoulders, It seemed 1984 was a 
poor seller across the nation last year and all the 
copies were returned to the publisher for shredding. 

I tried a dozen more bookstores and received 
answers like, 'We don't sell communist novels ," and 
~We sold out of the 198'1 Hunk book months ago. 
Could I interest you in a copy of Blonde Boys?" 

I finally stopped by the University Bookstore, where 
I needed to pick up course books for Kim Robinson's 
class on 'The Evolution of Modem American Science 
Fiction ." While standing in the eternal check-out lines, 
I began reading the back covers of the assigned novels: 

"The year 1924 is one of speCial Significance in 
modem Russian literature, for in that year E,P. Dutton 
issued the first English translation (indeed, the first 
version anywhere in the world) of Eugene Zamiatin's 
biner and brilliantly prophetic satire, WE. Recognized 
as the inspiration of George Orweu's famous 1984," 

Perfect. Now those who deny the warnings of 1984 
will be able to argue that not only is it an ami-Stalinist 
statemem, but also derived from a Russian's vision of 
the future , Zamiatin's description of the United States 
did not paraUei Orwell's dim dystropian future of total 
repression. Zamiatin's society was modeled on the 
harmony of music and mathematics, complete rhythm 
and order, the law of "Freedom or Happiness," 

The future of compLete happiness prophesized in the 
1924 novel reads like Newsweek magazine's recent 
expose on the life of a Yuppie. Zamiatin predicted 
electric toothbrushes, a sunht apanmem for everyone , 
shi ning washbasins, the latest in cookbooks and 
kitchen machinery, daily workouts in the gym, free 
classes in the arts, plastic surgery to keep one looking 
young, no work after five o'clock and the prescribed 
amount of sex behind closed cunains (the only time of 
the day when people were not being protected by the 
watchful eyes of their guardian angels ,) 

It would be easy to claim that the satire of WE and 
the dim future of 198'1 suggest that everything we do 

Doonesbury 

to make life perfect and safe will tum us into a 
mindless lot. But why should we assume that once the 
basic needs of food , shelter and clothing for the entire 
society are met, the human community will then stop 
thinking or caring? Do we , the people of the United 
States, not see ourselves in a Zamiatin utopia rather 
than an Orwellian dystropia? 

Then why did Orwell claim Zamiatin's novel as the 
source of his ill-fated future? Like the Zamiatin domed 
city, the fallacy of the United States utopia is that it 
exists as an Atlantis in the vast sea of global suffering, 
An island where our natives believe the storms raging 
throughout the world will never reach our shores. 

Sitting up for a moment to make a surface level 
diagnOSiS of our body seems to indicate our over-
exposure to our indulgences produced no cancerous 
death in 1984, 

Now, will we lay back down , close our eyes to the 
light and continue to sun ourselves, assuming our 
Ii!eguards will alert us to rising tides or an impendin~ 
storm that may threaten our island paradise~ "" 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 

THE FOOD FOR THOUGHT CO. The home of the 39¢ hatnburger. 
wE DELIVER ... 481-3397 
Roundtable Pizza 6;[ Roberto's Mexican Food twice 
nightly, Sunday thru Thursday, We have changed the 
time on our Roundtable Pizza delivery from 10:00 pm 
to 7:00 PM to better fulfill your dinnertime needs. We 
have also enlarged our menu, offering Roundtable's 
pizzatato, sandwiches and their full range of pizza 
sizes, Our Roberto's Mexican Food delivery will 
continue to be held at 11 :30 PM. 
Place your order at least 45 minutes in advance of the 
specified delivery time, Groups and organizations-
ask us about our party packages. 
REMEMBER: When Hunger Strikes, We Deliver! 

~ 
- U~VtNtIJId~m 

z Z {'f\ "£Iou. 
\ "I' ~ _1:-:"'---_--c~~ r::1-;'C-",--'''-\jf~.I Il \'' R.\ " 

- LI ""'T I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
Ililllllll!-'IIIII.!!!!!-!!! -------------------!!!!!!!I~IJI!IIIIII ~ t' --ALLAMER~ANlMEAL---T~ ~ Quarter Poun~er® ~ith Cheer:e. LaI'lC Fry, \i_:.iIII 
.r Medium-Sue Soft Drmk ' ,,,h "I~' I 10", I ,',n, I 
II limit lIne ,oupon pL'f J $1 99:11 
II ~us!Omer, per Visit. PI~a~ US t • II 
II present ~oupon when (plus tax) II urderinj(. Not valid wlrh 3ny II II urhcr ottn. Only at: 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

~ ~lih'~.., _-_-_Sa_n _Oie_~ ~ 
__ ii ___ _ 



6 Tltursday, Jan . 17. 1985 

Viewpoint 

Booing the brash bikers 
By ROBERT LEONE, StaJJWntcr 

I am a commuter student , and I commute by bicycle. 
This means that not only am I exposed to the open 
road , with aU ItS blind comers and lousy driving, hke 
man}' commuters, bur, unlike the bus riders, I am 
particulal)' vulnerable to the dangers of the road , the 
potholes, the wet streets and aU the other hazards of 
the tarred MacAdam surface I ride on. 

Sin e I consider myself at least mmimaUy monal (I 
cut and b ruise , but haven't died , yet), 1 take some 
precautions 1 wea r a strong bike helmet (something 
many cychsts don't do), wear reflective leg bands on 
both legs ;u night and try to wear lIght clothing when 
I'm commullng dun ng the late hours 1 try to avoid 
rush hour. 1 nde defenSively I don't challenge the 
tranlc I don't take up the gauntlet when I'm passed up 
by a department store bike. I have front and rear 

hghL~ Other than thaI there IS lmle I (;,m do to protec t 
my:.eif. except not to nde .J hIke . whIch IS 
unacleptable 

I do nor get mad \\ hen I ~ee other bicychsts who arc 
not takmg imlbr precautions It could be a failu re of 
edUl:Juon. l1r of carc. It's Ju~t hke people \\ ho don't 
wedr ~~atbelts In cars. It's evolullon in action But I do 
get M,ld when something someone else IS dO ing affects 
my safe!) I get damned angf} when something 
dangerous happens to me that IS beyond my comrol, 
but nor ~omeone else's 

For example, last Tue;.day a I was meandenng my 
way down to UCSD, down Miramar, at 7:30 am , at that 
bndge over 1-5 JUSt past the Scripps Memonal Hospital , 
two cyclists ahead of me were riding double file, SIde 
by Side. It IS a fairly narrow bridge fo r a Cahfornia two 
lane overpass, and cars wert! heading both east and 
west A GM, a fai rly large GM was moving west, as 

drasticaUy and move toward the shoulder (if a road on 
a Caltrans bridge can be said to have a shoulder) to 
avoid a coUision. 

After the bridge episode was over, I puUed near the 
two (stupid) cychsts and recommended that they seek 
a suicide preve ntion center. CycliSts who ride double 
file on that bridge are as suicidal as spelunkers wah 50 
feet of clothesline and a dim flashlight. While I don't 
mind evolution in action , I do not like to be reminded 
of a in a gory and spectacular manner. Granted , 
Scripps Hospi tal is a designated Trauma Center, but 
one should avoid that kind of tra uma in the first place, 
and secondly, a trauma center twO minutes walk away 
would not help if they have to use a shovel to take you 
ofT the hood of ,{ Buick. Also , I (i n self-interest) object 
being placed at r isk. 

I am sure that an)' commute r (or anyone else) would 
objec t to being placed at risk through someone else 's 
stupIdity and neghgence. We are not talking about a 
vIOlation of traffic regulations alone, hut we are talking 
about a lapse in common sense. a lapse In thinking. I 
could n't beheve that twO peo ple so d umb and 
Inconsiderate (ar the same time) would be allowed to 
associate with the UniverSity of California 

were we three cyclists . AJapanese Import (whIch could 
have been one of those domesticated Mitsublsh is), was 
traveling east. The GM, not slOwing down. moved 
partly imo the eastbound lane to avoid clipping a 
cyclist , for ing the Japanese car to slow down 

"We arc talking about a lapse In common sense, a 
lapse in thinking." 

I h ope that, whoever you twO people are , you read 
this, and lea rn fro m it. I hope that you learn to be 
aware when riding a bike . I hope you sta rt using your 
inbo rn intelligence when riding a bike . I hope you 
learn to avoid unnecessary dangers when riding a bike. 
I hope that you take ca re at aU times, tl)' 10 avoid 
accidents at all times, try 10 avoid danger at aU times, 
because I, or anyone else on thIS campus, city or 
planet who wants to remain healthy and whole might 
be right next to you at any time. There are a lot of us, 
so be carcful because we could be around you, near 
you, threatened by you at any time. 

I ho pe that everyone who goes to UCSD reads this , 
and is a little more careful. a little more aware, at all 
times . Including me. 

1985/86 UNDERGRADUATE 
ANANCIAL AID AND SCHOlARSHIP 

APPLICATION DEADLINES 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

• All current undergraduate financial aid recipients are being mailed 
a 1985/ 86 financial aid application to re-apply. 
• All undergraduate continuing students with a 3.75 cumulative GPA 
as of Spring 1984 were mailed a 1985/ 86 scholarship application. 

APPLICATIONS MUST BE POSTMARKED BY FEBRUARY 11.1985 

All undergraduate financial aid applicants who are eligible to apply 
for a Cal Grant are required to apply for one; failure to do so will result 
in loss of UCSD financial assistance. The Cal Grant deadline for both 
new and mtewal applications is February II , 1985 (this is a change 
from last year). 
The deadline to complete your undergraduate financial aid file for 
Fall Quarter 1985 is May I , 1985. 
If you do not receive an application packet in the mail, please request 
one from your college financial aid office. 
Workshops for completing the undergraduate financial aid and/ or 
scholarship applications will be held in the North Conference Room 
of the Student Center at the following times: 

Tuesday, January 15 .. . .. . .. . , . . .. . ....... . 11 :30 am 
Monday, January 21 . . , . . . .. . , .. . " ......... 9:00 am 
Friday, January 25 ..... .. . ...... . . . ....... , 12:30 pm 
Tuesday, January 29 ....... ... , .. , ......... 10:00 am 
Thursday, January 31 ., ....... , .... . ........ 1 :30 pm 
Wednesday, February 6 ......... . . . .....•... 2:00 pm 

Plan to attend one of the workshops. Please bring your application 
forms with you to the workshop. 

COLLEGE BOWL 
COMPETITIONS 

ARE 'COMING 

Watch for the Revelle, Muir, 
Third and Warren Competitions 

at your College and 
The Renegade Competition 

in The Student Center. 

Competitions Begin: 
January 27 

Campuswide Competition: 
February 6 & 7 

. - I. 

We still have room for Renegade Teams. 
Sign up at University Events Office. 

Tltu~y, Jan . 17, 1985 7 
NE~ 

. .. ,~ . . 

Cover story 

Shuckit surveys students for alcohol research 
By JOHN SCHACHT 

D R. MARC SCHUCKlT is looking for a few good slUdents. What he's ofTering them is an 
opportunity to contribute most pre-meds 
would salivate over-a chance to 
contribute to the advancement of 
medical history without cracking one 
book. You will even get paid for it. But 
there are some qualifications. You have 
to have 20 srare minutes, and you have 
to be norma . 

There is a great likelihood that during 
evel)' student's stay at UCSD he or she 
will be contacted by Dr. Schudkit and 
be asked to panicipate in an imponant 
research study. The invitation comes in 
the form of an extensive but concise 
questionnaire that helps Dr. Schuckit 
and stafT find the primal)' candidates 
for a host of different studies-chief 
among them is research on the 
psycholOgical and biological effects of 
alcohol. 

Dr. Schuckit's latest study is designed 
to give more information on the 
reactions to alcohol in groups of young 
men. 

Since 1978, Dr. Schuckit and his staff 
of graduate research assistants have 
been asking questions of both stafT and 
students in order to understand the 
"association between feelings of sadness, 
efforts to seek help or counseling and 
patterns of drug use and drinking," 
according to the questionnaire's cover 
letter. 

Students are chosen to fill out the 
survey only because they are students, 
and can be picked for funher research 
for any number of reasons, depending 
on the stUdy involved . All panicipation 
is completely voluntal)'. 

The Challenge Studies 
Though the questionnaire is an 

essential part of Dr. Schuckit's work, its 
purpose is to categorize potential 
subjects for subsequent stUClies. These 
studies, known as Challenge Studies, are 
the backbone of this research. MaJor 
funding comes from the National 
Institute of Health arid the Veterans 
administration Research Service. Costs 
for each study can tun anywhere from 
$10 ,000 to $200,000. 

On the basis of the survey, some 
individuals have been invited to 
participate in the latest ChaUenge 
Study-looking at the correlation 
between mood, thinking abilities and 
motor coordination, and the effects of 
modest doses of alcohoL "We're 
interested in the ways normal people 
react to alcohol on the basis of cenain 
differences-differences in their 
smoking habits, racial backgrounds, 
drinking patterns and familial 
backgrounds," Dr. Schuckit says. 

Procedures for each panicular study 
differ, but a typical study proceeds like 
this. Each subject arrives early in the 
morning and runs through a series of 
tests and is observed for a period of 
approximately two hours before they are 
given a dosage of ethanol. "We prefer 
starting early," explains Dr. Schuckit, 
"because we have better control over 
such variables as rest and food . As far as 
the tests go, it really depends on the 
study we're doing, but I would say they 
fall into four major categories: metabolic , 
brainwave function , cognitive abilities 
and motor performance." An example 
Dr. Schuckit gives is that a type of 
alpha-rhythm common in the meditative 
state alters significantly under the 
influence of alcohol on cenain people. 
Brdinwaves are measured before and 
after the alcohol ingestion to chart the 
differences. But the tests are nOl always 
so omplicated. "We have a test called 
the finger-tap," says Schuckit, "where a 
subject'S motor functions are tested by 
his ablliry to perform a simple ta!i,k. The 
subject just taps his finger on a desk in 

a rhythm. That's it. We note the 
differences." 

After the initial tests are run, each 
subject is given a predetennined amount 
of pure alcohol (ponions also vary) and 
his or her favorite mixer to chase it 
with . Different types of alcohol are not 
used because each type-red wine, 
scotch, vodka, ere.-contain additional 
chemicals that can affect the resulting 
data. Then the same testS are run again 
to detennine the effects of the booze. 

According to Schuckit, there can be 
anywhere from 15-20 test sessions a 
month, and subjects may be asked to 
return twO, three, even four times. But 
there is some incentive, other than the 
(ree drinks. Up to S170 is paid to each 
subject chosen to panicipate in a 
Challenge Study. 

What gives the Challenge Studies their 
name is what makes the research so 
vital and requires that "normal" people, 
and not alcoholics, come. The 
administration of alcohol challenges the 
body to perform- mentally, physicaUy 
and biologically-and some subjects 
reflect cenain traits that others do not. 
These charactenstics are known as "trait 
markers ," and are one of the most 
significant pans of these studies. "We're 
interested in prevention-in decreasing 
the risk of alcoholism. Sons of alcoholic 
fathers are much more likely to become 
alcoholics themselves (20%-30%) than 
sons whose father are not alcoholics. 
Determining whether alcoholism is a 
function of environment ... 1 factors or 
genetics or a mixture of the twO is the 
goal of the study. Genetic factors figure 
more prominently in alcoholism than in 
most other psychiatric disorders. If we 
can identIfy cenain traits that single 
people OUt as probable future alcoholics, 
perhaps we can help eliminate the 

problem before it begins," Dr. Schuckit 
says. 

Such a factor is imponant to Schuckit , 
whose family has a hiStory of heart 
disease . "I can jog daily and eat all the 
healthy food I want: the doctor points 
out, "and I still may die of a heart 
attack. But if a person can be shown to 
have alcoholic trait markers, he can 
avoid the disease altogether. That's 
almost a unique situation." 

Though the student's participation in 

I , 

/ 

the study may end after a few days, Dr. 
Schuckit and his staffs work can laSt 
anywhere from two to three years per 
study, and "ten years can pass before 
any substantial breakthroughs or results 
are seen-and ten years is not long in 
medical research ," he said. Schuckit will 
take these studies and go through a 
process he tenns "publish ,and 
replicate-I publish our findings; if 
others view them as significant, they 
replicate the experiments and the data 
is strengthened or proven wrong." 

It is clear from listening to the doctor 
that he considers this research 10 be 
extremely important. But he also loves 
his job. "I find the effects of alcohol and 
the problems of alcoholism fascinating," 
he says. "The strides made in this field 
in the last decade are almost 
unbelievable . The level of understanding 
increases exponentiaUy, so I'm looking 
forward to the future . I would not be 
surprised to see a revolution in the 
diagnosis, treatment and prevention of 
alcoholism. It could be a whole different 
ballgamc in the years 10 come." 

The Questionnaire 
The 16-page survey included sections 

on alcohol con umption, substan e use , 
oo.reraU health , general background and 
psy hological state , as well a a lengthy 

section on family h is to 1)'. The various 
categories help assist in chOOSing 
panicipants, because different studies 
require specific types of people. 

"If we are doing a study on the 
various difTerentials in the metabolic 
breakdown of ethanol in heavy smokers 
vs. light smokers, the questions enable 
us 10 find the primary candidates for 
such a study," says Schuckit. 

The questionnaire also functions to 
eliminate all students who aren't 
"normal" enough. 

"By normal ," says Schucltit, "I mean 
people who have not had serious 
difficulties with medical problems, drug 
abuse or ai<lOholism. The type of 
research we do requires that test results 
not be affected by prior influences " 

The questionnaire also aflows the staff 
10 choose pau-s of study participants. 
"Pairs are essential for any resellrc.h 
data; you have to test each hypotheSiS 
against its opposite 10 ensure the 
validity of your theory. That's the besuty 
of being able to do researclf·on a colle~ 
campus. For instance, we can find a 
non-smoker and a heavy smoker who, 
because they're both students, will be 
roughly the iltlTIe age , s'-"'e a similar 
status anj have many of the same 
envIronMental presencf"s. Environmental 
influences are factors in any study, and 
decreasing the variations can make data 
more precise and reliable ," said Dr. 
Schuckit. 

On such a long questionnaire , some 
of the questions are bound 10 be 
personal. A "yes" answer to a que stion 
like "Have you eve r had such persistent 
problems with drinking that you felt you 
should stap drinking pennaneruly?" is 
not something one would want to be 
public knowledge. But safeguards taken 
by Schuckit and staff are designed '10 
keep evel)'thing in the strictest 
confidence. 

"The first thing we do WIth evel)' 
questionnaire is assign a number to it. 
From then on that person is referred to 
by his or her number. We take the 
cover page with the name on it and file 
it away under lock and key. We only 
need the names in order to contact the 
indiVIduals for follow-up slUdies. At the 
most, twO or three people see anybody's 
name," according to Dr. Schuckit. And 
though the questiOns may be personal , 
they are "not incriminating," says Dr. 
Schuckil. "If we ask someone about drug 
use , we don't wam to know whether he 
sells or possesses it. It's strictly an aid in 
establishing further study candidates." 

The accuracy of a subject's response 
is crucial, because if it isn't accurate , aU 
of the subject information must be 
thrown OUl. "Nothing is as bad for our 
research as a hidden factor," Schuckit 
admits. "A person who ends up affecting 
the data by an inaccurate answer 
requires that we throw out the data as 
well from the counterpart. Luckily, we've 
experienced few problems in [his area. 
People tend to take these issues 
seriously. 

Whether UC students are 
conscientious folk interested in medical 
research or excited by the five dollar 
reward, questionnaire response averages 
about 70%, according to Schucklt, 
"although our last study elicited nearly 
80%." 

The importance of high response is 
obvious. "The greater the respon e we 
get, the greater the range of studtes we 
can do, and the more accurate and 
reliable our data is," the doctor says. 
The questionnaire is often sem out to 
people who may have previously been 
in a study, but Schuckit emphasizes the 
importance of filling OUt the questions 
regardless. "People's habits often change 
over a penod of time, and research with 
these people can be panicularly 
reveahng." Il::l 



8 Thlm day, )an. 17, 1985 
Ne~ 

"' . ~, ~ .. " ., . '~x ~~"""" ~" .. ' _., 

Are you high risk? 

Lifestyle key in preventing stroke Student fees ( a>N'T1NUED FROM PAGE 3 <" 
Although most of the emphasis in the 

past has been on rehabilitation following 
a stroke, expens today believe that 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle and 
treating high risk symptoms, such as 
high blood pressure and diabetes, may 
be the beSt way to prevent a stroke. 

According to John ROlhrock, MD, 
neurologiSt and director of the Stroke 
Program at UCSD Medical Center, about 
50% of all stroke victims have symptoms 
prior to the stroke itself wh ich indicate 
they may be at very high risk. It IS 
imponant, he stressed, for people to 
learn to Identify warning symptoms, so 
they may get immediate treatment 
before a major stroke occurs. 

Dr. Rothrock will discuss these high 
risk symptoms and self- help action for 
those at risk in a free public lecture at 7 
pm Jan. 31 at the new UCSD Medical 
Group, 3969 Founh Ave. in Hillcrest. 

Surgery designed to open up clogged 
aneries and increase blood flow to the 
brain , formerly quite popular, is now 

being scrutinized for both its medical 
and cost effectiveness, Dr. Rothrock 
said . The newest trend in stroke 
treatment is towards acute medical 
intervention , he said , and a drug 
currently being clinically tested may 
improve outcome in as many as one-
third 10 one-half of all stroke victims. 

UCSD Medical Center is one of a 
small group of medical centers 

L.Je:: , 
MEDICAL I CENTER 
throughout the country evaluating this 
new volume expansion drug. By in 
creasmg the blood output of the hean , it 
can help increase the amount of blood 
which goes to the area of the brain 
acutely affected by stroke, Dr. Rothrock 
explained. 

If a person is identilied as being at 
high risk, he said, the best course of 
anion is to make lifestyle changes 
which may minimize the risk of stroke, 
and then be aware of medical resources 
such as the Stroke Hodine which can be 
utilized rapidly in the case of an actual 
stroke. This action can aid the 
physician in developing an effective 
treatment plan for the acute stroke, 
since immediate intervention is crucial 
to improved outcome. 

As an educational aid, the Medical 
Center's Stroke Program includes a 
Stroke Hotline that provides information 
on the warning signs and risk factors 
for stroke. In the case of an actual 
stroke, the Hodine will expedite the 
patient'S transpon to a medical facility 
and insure immediate treattnem by a 
stroke speCialist, Dr. Rothrock said. 

For more infonnation on stroke risks 
and the Stroke Hotline, call 294-
6826. i:J 

report for dissenting members, but 
decided against it because "everyone 
has made a commitment." 

Balestrieri said the formula , if 
approved by the Legislature and 
governor, wouldn't put students in the 
uncomfonable position of lobbying 
against increases in the university'S 
budget, even if that meant higher fees. 

"The university 'has requested large 
faculty (salary) increases, which falls 
under instruction. If students wanted to 
keep fees as low as possible, we'd have 
to lobby against those higher salaries," 
he said. "We didn't want to be in that 
position." 

Steve Ardeni , the university's 
legislative advocate here, also noted that 
UC is pleased with the committee's 
recommendation to drop the graduate 
fee differential. Graduates currently pay 
S60 more each year than 
undergraduates. 

Central Americans safe at VCR 
Compromises were made on both 

sides. Balestrieri hoped to obtain a six 
percent cap. CPEC representatives 
wanted to include a "range of 
permissible fees" which would anow fees 
to remain constant even when state 
appropriations increase. The Sf .~e would 
make up the difference by using money 
from its reserve, Dickinson said. A one-day confe rence on campus 

sanctuary will be held Feb. 9 at the 
Untversity of California, Riverside. 

The purpose of the conference is to 
promote campus sanctuary at 
universities and colleges throughout the 
United States. Several models of campus 
sanctuary will be discussed, such as the 
UC Riverside and UC Berkeley models. 

Sanctuary offers a concrete and direct 
way to educate the university 
community on the inhuman policies of 
the US government in Central America 
and of the INS, as well as providing a 
direct setvlce to the refugees created as 
a result of these polIcies. 

ThIS will be a "how to" conference 
discussing the steps and processes 
involved in decla nng a campus 
sanctuary. In the general assembly, 
keynote speakers will define and discuss 
the present sanctuary movement in the 
United States, highlight the situation in 
Central America and the plight of its 
refugees. In the afternoon there WIll be 
three workshops: 1) Political and 
educational aspects of establishing a 
campus sanctuary, 2) Day to day 
logistics of a sanctuary , and 3) Legal 
concerns. A campus sanctuary 
organizational booklet will also be 
available. 

Registrauon begins at 8 am and the 
general assembly stans at 9 am. The 
afternoon workshops begin at 1 and 
end at 4:15 pm. The general assembly 
and workshops will be held in Watkins 

c:./\T1~N: 

HaD. A wine and cheese reception will 
be held from 4:30 to 6 pm in the 
International Lounge. There will be a S5 
registration fee thaI includes lunch. 

Some housing will be available for SIO 
a night per person. Reservations must 

ALL GpROSPECTIVE GJNTERNS 
GfOR <WASHI~GTON,GJ).C. 

ASIO is having its first organizational meeting for ALL national interns 
THIS THURSDAY NIGHT! 

Preliminary applications should be turned in at the meeting. New-
comers are welcome, but should first stop by our office (Student 

Center abole the Game Room) to apply. , 
ASIO PLANNING MEETING 

Thursday 1/1? at 8 pm in PH102 

be made in advance by caRing the 
Graduate Student CoWlcil by Feb. 4. 

The conference is sponsored by UCR 
Campus Sanctuary Committe, UCR 
Graduate Student Association and UC 
Student Body Presidents' CoWlcii. ~ 

"I want to make it really cleat that we 
support this policy," she added. "These 
were the kinas of things we disagreed 
on before we reached our ends." 

Balestrieri said he is confident the 
proposal will go through the Legislature 
unchanged because of the body's 
representation on the committee. He 
added that the autonomous Regents, 
who are not bound to accept: the policy 
even if the Legislature and governor 
approve it, will probably abide by it 

"The Legislature doesn't have direct 
control but they can make it clear 
through the budget," he said. 

The student lobby had sponsored a 
number of unsuccessful bills which 
would have prevented the ~egents from 
charging tuition, and the university has 
opposed all of them, guarding its sole 
authOrity to set student fees , but Arden i . 
said he expeCts UC President David 
Gardner to seek Regent suppon for 
pans of the proposal. . 

"To the extent that representatives of 
the university panjcipated (on the 
comminee), it suggests that our 
president would recommend thaI we 
adopt the policy. Assuming it was a 
rational policy and not arbitrary, there is 
a good reason to have, as a guideline, a 
policy so people will have something to 
rook for," Ardeni said. "It doesn't mean 
you have to buy into every idea . .. but it 
would be desirable .. . to buy into a basic 
guideline. ~ 

CORPORATE BANKING 
~Llovds Bank 

~'Califomia 
a member of the 

world-wide Uoyds Bank Group, will be on campus to 
discuss careers in Corporate Banking, Recent 
developmerts in the industry and the Bank's Training 
Program will also be discussed. 

Friday, January 25, 1985 
1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 
Revelle Formal lounge 

Interested students should sign-up in the Career Services 
Center, 

Thursday, Jan. 17, 198.5 9 

A Revelle College Publication ~ University of Callfomla. Son Diego 

ENTER THE 
COLLEGE BOWL ~---nt. CAl •• DAR'------, 

Got a good head on your 
shoulders? Interes ted in 
exercising it? Well, sign up to 
compete in the original trivial 
pursuit game, the College Bowl. 
The Revelle College Competi-
tion will be held Wednesday, 
January 30 with four-member 
teams pitted against each other 
to find the greatest minds. Sign 
up for the contest by January 21 
in the Dean's Office. For more 
information, call Yolanda 
Garcia at x3493. 

Revelle College Council: 

january U-February 6-'85-'86 Scholarship and Financial Aid 
Workshop to assist students in completing their applications. Workshop 
schedules are included in financial aid packets. 
january 18-Today is the last day to pick up Winter Quarter check 
disbursements. And don't forget that units will be verified upon check pick-
up. 
january 19-Revelle Commuters challenge Warren College to a car rally. 
FREE PIllA will follow. The rally begins a t 9 am in the W arren Provost 
Office. Sign up in the Commuter Lounge. 
january 23-Brown Bag Lunch with Dr. Machina from the Political Science 
Depanment. 12 noon in the Multi-Purpose Room in the Student Center. 
january H-Deadline for application for EAP programs to the follOwing 
countries: Austria, Brazil, China, Egypt, France, Germany, Hong Kong, 
India, Israel , Italy, Japan, Mexico, Norway, Peru , Spain, Sweden, West 
Africa, Kenya, USSR, Taiwan. 

OPENINGS AVAIlABLE january 29-Commuter Continental Breakfast. 7 -8:45 am in the 
Commuter Lounge. Only 50t . 

Three positions are now 
open in RCC committees. 
These positions are AS. Revelle 
Representative, Revelle Activity 
Fee Representative and AS. 
Judicial Committee Representa-
tive. If you are interested in one 
of these jobs, you can obtain an 
application in the Revelle 
Provost Office. The application 
deadline isJanuary 24. RCC will 
hold interviews and make 
appointments by Wed.,January 
30. If you would like to 
represent Revelle College in the 
AS, don't hesitate to apply. 

~Ye Renaissance Faire Cometh ~ 

, REVELLE SEMINARS 
Hats off to the follOWing 

Revelle faculty who volunteered 
their time to offer Revelle 
Seminars this quaner. 

Ralph Lovberg 
Stuan Patton 

David Luft 
Roy Harvey Pearce 

Paul Saltman 
Manin Wierschin 
David Freifelder 

Ben Williams 
Roger Revelle 

William Thompson 
Christine Norris 

Over l~O students panici-
pated in the seminars. Look in 
the schedule of classes next 
academic year for "Revelle 
Seminars" and take advantage 
of the small group informal 
learning tha.t takes place in 
these exciting programs. 

you would like to earn some 
extra money this summer and 
have a great. tlme doing it, apply 
to become a Revelle Orientation 
Leader. Applications are now 
available in the Revelle Dean's 
Office and are due Friday, 
February 22. Don't miss this 
opponunity to share what you 
have learned at Revelle with 
incoming students. 

All ye maidens and men shivering in the chill ofJanuary, hear ye that the 
annual Renaissance Faire is coming the fifth of May! The fair Queen 
Elizabeth will open the fete on the lawn of the Humanities Libral)' , and 
there will be renaissance-period emenainmem, music , vendors of 
handicrafts and food aplenty from Il am to 4 pm. All are encouraged to don 
befitting array (i.e ., Renaissance togs). The faire falls in conjunction with 
the campus-wide Open House and with Parents' Day at Revelle , and all folk 
are welcome, parents included. 

Ye can still have a hand in planning the Faire by contacting Yolanda 
Garcia in the Revelle Provost Office. The Renaissance Committee is also 
searching the land for the non-pareil of jugglers, musicians, dancers and 
entenainers, if any are interested. 

So mark May 5 as a day to leave off the work for a bit of merrymaking in 
the spring, at the Renaissance Faire. 

SAmE 
OF THE BANDS. 
Revelle College presents the 

1985 Battle of the Bands to be 
held Friday, January 25 , in the 
Revelle Cafeteria at 8 pm. An 
evening of dancing and fun are 
in store forthe $ l.OO admission 
price , and judging of the bands 
will continue past midnight. 

The following bands have 
been selected to panicipate in 
the Revelle Programming Board 
"Battle of the Bands" to be held 
on Friday, January 25th: 

The Pinstipes 
Native Beat 
Animal Cafe 
Sea-Hags 
Limbo Slam 
The Fan Club 
The Standards 

Thank you to all the 19 bands 
that applied. 

ACADEMIC ADVISORY 
Imponant Dates : 
Friday, January 18; 

• Last day to a:pply for pan time 
status. 
• . Final day to drop classes 
without $3.00 fi ne. 
• Final day to add classes. 
• Final d ay to change grading 
option. 

Juniors: 
Declare your minor by the 

end of your junior year. Your 
minor must be non-contiguous 
to your major and have at least 3 
upper division courses. If you 
wish , your entire minor may be 
taken passino pass. See any of 
the academic counselors for 
help in deciding and l or 
declaring your minor. 

COMMUTER 
BROOMIW.L 

IS HERE 
Any commuters interested in 

playing Broomball should go to 
the Commuter Lounge for 
in forma ti on . Games begin 
January 22 for Revelle Students 
only! Sign up as soon as 
possible , spaces are limited. 

DEAN'S CORNER 
Revelle Dean, Ernie Mort is 

well and fine in Kent, England , 
where he is on s pecial 
assignment. Ernie will return to 
his regular duties in mid-
August. In the meantime , look 
for Hugh Pates behind Ernie's 
door. Hugh is no newcomer to 
Revelle College, he has been at 
Revelle 14 years as a Couseling 
Psychologist. Rochelle Bastien, 
Couseling Psychologist , is 
sitting in as one of Revelle's 
Couselors until Hugh resumes 
his duties in August. 



... 

10 Thursday, )a". 17, 1985 

Dartwish II: Case of the Stairwell Assassin 
By DENNIS WOO 

A T THE BEGINNING of this week, I chanced upon the opponuniry to become the hero. I signed up 
for the B-house Assassin game. I anted 
my buck-fifry in exchange for a plastic 
dart gun and a license to kill. 

Perhaps you've heard of Assassin 
under the name Killer, or Deathsporl, or 
KAOS (Killing As An Organized Sport), 
or TAG (The Assassin Game), or Survival 
(actually a banlefield variation of the 
game). Traditionally, the game is played 
in the donns to help residents meet 
their neighbors . Sort of a reversed "Bed 
Buddies." 

We're playing a typical scenario, one 
known as the "Circle of Death" (as 
opposed to , for example, the 
"Godfather" scenario). The circle Stans 
with some 40 or so players. Each player 
is aSSigned a target who must be 
"assassinated." In addition, players 
themselves are targets of other assassins. 
One is pennined to kiD either the 
aSSigned target or the pursuing assassm , 
should that assassin be revealed 10 some 
way. Kills must be "clean": no witnesses. 
And to keep everyone from dying of 
tenninal paranoia, donn rooms and 
bathrooms are declared off-limits; no 
bloodshed m these areas, please I 

After a week of playing the game , I've 
gouen prett), cocky. Assassins have 
taken their toll in our suite. I'm one of 
two players survIving, four out of the 
original six are dead. I've dished it out 
tOO, tough . Made one and a half kills. 
One and a half? 

Rob was a hot shot, an ace with five 
kills. Well, I retired him, but not without 
some help. Nick, my suitemate, died a 
courageous martyr, distracting Rob, 
forcmg his back to me. It turned out 
that Nick was Rob's target and Rob shot 
him before I had my chance. But when 
the chance opened , I made good of il. I 
employed what I proudly refer to as the 
' Spiral Stairwell Gambit." The tactic : 
Shoot from the top of a stairwell; if you 
miss (and I did), reload as you are 
chased downwards and fire again before 
your victim clears the steps. Rob died a 
sobenng death . The epilogue: One of 
Rob's victims, Yanna, expresses her 
relief with , "('m so glad he's dead l " 
Poetry. That's one . 

For Roxanne , I used a vanant of the 
"Western Sneak), Peak." The WSP: Allow 
your target to pursue you; get out of 
viewing range and hide behind a 
comer; as your vicum walks by looking 
for you, fire off a hI! in the back. To teU 
the truth , it was more of a blitz assault 
than a sneaky peak, but regardless, my 
hit didn't count as a kill . Roxanne 
denied that my dan had struck her. A 
puenle "You're dead," "Am not," "Are 
too ," "Am nor," "Are too" exchange 
followed . In the end , I think she was 
denied the use of her gun for 24 hours. 
Fair enough . "Frontier just ice" the) call 
it. And that's a half. 

The referee is shufnmg targets 
tonight. PreseJltly, the Circle is small 
enough (15-20 players) so that aU 
players supposedly know their assassm. 
Mine didn't reveal himself, but I'm not 
telling anybody. 

I receive my new assignment today 
on a folded sheet of paper that I find 
shpped under my door. Paul Someone-
or-other-who-I-don·t-know. Fine. The 
switch occurs at 9 pm sharp It's 8 :30 
now. 

I Sit myself crosslegged on my bed 
and do some target practice. Chck. Bap! 
T elevtSion set Click Bap! C.asablanca 
poster. 

There's a problem with my Assa sin 
strategies. No finesse . The hero I admire 
always has that finesse . But there's more. 

Do you know that charactel I'~ 
talking about? Humphrey Bogart played 
him in The Maltese Falcon . jack 
Nicholson 10 Chinatown . Redford in 
Three Days of the Condor and The Sling. 
Yeah, even if you haven 't met him in 
person, you must know him. He's the 
good guy. Hls most deadly weapon is 
his cunnIng. He carries a pistol but 
seldom fires It. He's the one that takes 
chances, sure, but weighs the odds 
carefully in his mind . His every action is 
deliberate . He's cool to cold and very 
calculating. He never smiles but hiS 
altruism IS pure. And he's the only man 
truly worthy of weanng a Cannery Row 
hat 

He's nor so much Hamson Ford or 
john Wayne. No, thiS hero is more the 
"Thinking Guy" than the "Luck Guy" or 
the "Tough Guy." 

There's a Sam Spade in me. I can tell. 
There's a tmgle that goes with falling 
mto that charcter, like biting into sharp 
Cheddar. I have a craving for that ta teo 
To satiate that deSire , I'd now and again 
plunk down three dollars to have my fix 
at some sti cky-floored revival theater. 
Movies only gave me paltry nibbles of 
romantic: heroism. Playing Assasin should 
have bought me the whole damn slab. 

Click. Bap! Casablanca. 
A rap at the door Enter Ame. "How's 

It gOing?'" 
Artie is the orher guy in my SUlte 

who'd survived. "OK. We're SWitching 

targets at nine. Yes?" 
"Yeah. Who's your target?" 
Give me a break. My policy is to 

always keep the opposition guessing. 
Bogart wouldn 't have it an y other way. 
In a coy voice I respond , "('m not 
telling." 

It's me, isn't it? That's why you aren 't 
telling." Artie said that qUickly. Perhaps 
too quickly. Was he plotting something 
or JUSt being paranoid? Up to this poim 
I'd considered Artie more aUy than 
enemy. If I led him to believe that he 
was my target, he'd shoot me and lose 
his gun for a day. Such diny play. 

But fun . 
I decided to plant a seed of doubt in 

his mind . 
"No, no. Cmort, what are the chances 

that I'd get you , of all people, after the 
shutTIe?" ThiS was one of those reverse-
reverse- reverse psychology routines. 
Reminiscent of my little sister trying to 
guess what gift I'd wrapped her for 
Christmas. 

"No, you have me. I know it." Artie 
stans pacing up and down my room 
WIth an exaggerated nervousness. 

I laugh. It's a forced laugh, my attempt 
to appear as an assassin who'd been 
uncovered. "No, really I don 't. What are 
the chances?" I leave my mouth hanging 
ope n mquisltively. The Set-Up. The 
Hook. The Catch. All leading, skill 
permmmg, to the Sung. 

"All right , be that way." Artie exits my 
room and returns brandishing hiS dan 
gun , "I'm ready for you! " He points an 
accusing finger. "Come and get me! " 

"It's not quite nine, so this doesn't 
count, but. ... " I raise my pistol. Click. 
Bap! "How does it feel to be killed?" 

A mocking groan from Arne. "Terrible . 
JUSt terrible ." He lowers his head in 
dejection. 

"I don't have you Artie. Maybe." I gri~ . 
"I leave myself at your mercy. Shoot 

me . Don't put me through the misery." 
"Artie, why are yo l,1 so convinced?" 
"All right. You got guts? Let's do this 

outside in the hallway. Give me a 
chance." 

If he shoots me in my room, i~ won't 
count. In the hallway, he 'd be penalized 
for hiuing an Innocent bystander, since 
I'm certainly nOl hiS assassin. Yes, I can 
already see his face scrunched in 
aggravation, beaten by his own mistaken 
presumption. The Sting. The Sling. "All 
right. We'll have Adam do a 
countdown ." 

W e face off in the hall, guns loaded 
and hammers pulled, each aiming 
point-blank at the other's chesl. Real 
High Noon stuff. Or Diny Harry. Go 
ahead. Make my day. 

Adam's voice booms from behind a 
dosed door. No wimesses now. 
"Approaching nine o'clock. 
5 ... 4 ... 3 .. 2 .. I .. Nine o'dock!" 

Click. 
Bap! 
"You're dead ." Anie hands me his 

target sheet. I unfold it and find my 
name plainly and undeniably written on 
the paper. ~ 

Thursday, Jan. 17, 1985 11 
~ec.r l ta 

. * . .. ' . ~. . 

The Guardian provides 
hands-on training for graphic 
people just like you. Guardian 

illustrators must have the ability to 
take an idea and make it come to life, 

under the subtle and sometimes not-so-
subtle pressure of deadlines. Give us a 

hand and we'll give you some bucks. 
Call us at 452-6580 for more information. 

Life is a three-ring circus, you know? 

~-H 
IllPiAN 

EDUCATIONAl 
CENTER 

TUT PREI'MATlOH SP£CIAlISTS SINCE 1938 
Call Days Eves & Weekends 

5,.&,N [)jEGO CENTER 
2180 GARNET 2D 

PACIAC BEACH, CA 92109 
(619)270-6810 

M.l. McNl.A.lY, ADMINISTRATOR 

f'tr"""'fII teMert ... ... '. til ...... U I c." .. I Mn" 
' ............ .e..tt ... ceMM 

IJUTIIOIIN , ITAII CAll TOI.UMI .. ·m ·171l 
In New \\xI Sial. St>nley H Kall'.n [Wta1<>na' CtniOf Lid 

r 

The Bestof Both Worlds. 
After all the hard years of study, now 
you're up against a decision that's just as 
tough: what company to begin your 
career with . There's SuperMegaCorp. 
Really big. In fact, so big you could easily 
get lost in the shuffle. Then there 's Friend-
ly Fred's. Small, lots of visibility. But what 
about resources and security? 
At MAl/Basic Four, we've found a middle 
ground that's great for getting ahead. 
Sure, we 're a technological leader - in 
small to medium sized business systems. 
But. because of our moderate size, you 
get personal recognition and opportunity 
. .. without sacrificing the support and 
stability of a major concern. 

Extensive R&D work. The opportunity to 
track your ideas from concept to packag-
ing, problem to solution. Growth tailored 
to your talents, with on-site advanced 
degree programs and 100% tuition reim-
bursement. It's all happening here, in an 
environment that 's the " perfect medium" 
between the big and the small. 
Experience Basic Four. 

Campus interviews will be held on 
January 30 & 31 . Please contact your 
placement office to arrange an 
appointment. 

And enjoy our best of both worlds. 

MAle/Basic Four 
14101 New Myford Road/ Tustin, California/ 92680 

Equal Opportunity Employer MIF 



,., 

12 Thursday, Jan , 17, 1985 

Basketball, hockey rankings 

1M action: 
new and improved 
By JAY R. RICHARDS 

To intramural fans. winter quaner means variety as intramural sports range from the 
intense competition of AAA basketball to the mellow good times of Sunday night 
bowling. And. although this weekend marks the beginning of a number of spotts, 
intramural action is alive and well already, Certain basketball and hockey leagues have 
already seen action , setting the stage for the 'JR. Top Ten ," appearing weekly in the 
Guardian , 

Basketball 
Keen observers nmiced that until last Monday, the Main Gymnasium was "sans 

backboard " Luckily, only Sunday'S games needed to be rescheduled , and from now on 
it's business as usual with the additlon of the new backboard . More than 200 teams 
engulfed the Rec. Conference Room last week for one of the biggest basketball turnouts 
ever. Though most of the teams haven't had a game yet, listed below are the preseason 
listings of the best teams in the league, 

AAA 
1. String Musicians 1-0 Impressive win on Sunday 
2. We'll Get the Ca1ls 0-0 Three former intercollegiate players 
1 Dr's Dunk and Stuff 0-0 Perennial power J. 
4, Pany Animals 0-0 Last year's M champs hard pressed 
5. Vision Cafe 0-0 Should win first game 
AA 
1. Reno How to Win 1-0 Big win on Sunday 
2. Michael J in Mercedes 1-0 Need a test 
3. TKE 0-0 The boys could be a factor 
4. Nipple Hair 0-0 Never count the Laz OUt 
5. Born to Slam 1-0 Easy win 

A 
1. LD.O, 1-0 Tall boys mean sandbag 
2. SWAMP 1-0 If you can 't play, then coac h 
3. Reflex II 1-0 Scored 73 pts, in opener 
4 . One Eyed Monks II 1-0 Pulled upset over Wee Suck 
5. Fruit Hoops 1-0 They can score ; "D" is suspect 
6 . Sons 1-0 Only gave up 12 pts, in opener 
7. Firmly Established 1-0 Killed sandbaggers 

Coed 
1. Straight Shooters 1-0 92 pts. in opener; lay-up drill 
2, On the Rebound 1-0 Won by 50 
3, Wretched Mongoloids 1-0 Pour in the points 
4 , Cocaine 0-0 Defending A champs 
5 . Imercolleglates 0-0 Girls know how to play 

Mike Hipp (left) and Scott Bemdes are presiding over such cum:nt 1M sports as basketball, 
soccer and floor hockey, 
Men's 5'10" 
1. Smokeless Buds 0-0 Where's the measuring tape? 
2. Fighting Zuchini 1-0 Cruised to victory 
3. Nice Guys &: Hose Bags 1-0 Which side will prevail? 
4, Killer Pygmies 1-0 Scored 50 in opener 
5. Supreme Coun II 1-0 Need to be tested 
Hockey 

ote: The floor hockey program saw one of the biggest turnouts last week, and 
considering the hours In which these guys play, it's amazing that the waiting list is a 
long as it is, 
AAA 
1. Captain Dick &: His Seamen 1-0 All-Star team 

at their peak 
Snuck by in opener 2 Blitzkrieg 1-0 

3. Flying Tigers 0-0 Hope to rebound from coed 
4. This Puck's for Hugh 0-1 Raised some eyebrows 

AA 
1. Bagger Row 1-0 Won 12-3 in opener 
2. Our Goalie 's Getting Better 0-0 Let's wait and see 
3. Whatever 0-0 Sandbaggers 
4. The Delts 0-0 Need to see a game 
5, LaSt of Great Puckers 1-0 They showed up for the win 

A 
1. Puck Stops Here 1-0 Should be tested in opener 
2, Put Your Stick in the Crease 0-0 Let's see a game 
3, Floor Wax 0-0 J.R. Sleeper pick 
4. Bozo's 1-0 Will they be Boned again? 
2, Turkeys Down the Coun 1-0 Fired a shutout 
Women's . 
I , Sam's Chicks 0-0 
2. Canned Her-Peas 0-0 
] , The Goon Gang 0-0 
4 Biohazards 0-0 
5. We Need a Goalie 0-0 

All Campus Tennis Doubles Tournament 
If you've hid th,1l racket of yours in a closet all during Christmas, find it for the 

annual TennIS Do ubles Tournament the weekend of Januaty 26-27 , Sign-ups are at 
Canyonvlcw. Enu)' fee IS a can of new tennis balls, Winners will be printed in this 
column Idter In thc month . ec you out there! 

DECEMBER 

Athlete of the Month 

MARK BARRECA 
SENIOR MEN'S BASKETBAll 

ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA 

It's been eleven years since a UC San Diego Men's Basketball Team 
gotten off to as strong of a Start as this year's edition of talented Tritons. The 
Tritons' 8-6 mark so far this season is the school's best since a 9-4 
beginning recorded during the 1972-73 campaign, One of the m",nr. 
reasons for the team's earl)'-season success has been the play of ""'lim'. 
Forward Mark Barreca. The Anaheim product averaged a team-high 22 ,4 
points and 10,2 rebounds for each of UC San Diego's seven ueCf>rnn •• r. 
contests, including a personal season-high 28 points in a 107-93 loss to 
Western Baptist College in the Annual Herald Invitational in Klamath Falls, 
Oregon. Mark followed that perfonnace with a 26 point/ 16 rebound effort 
one night later in a 97 ~2loss to George Fox College, thus earning a spot on 
the Annual Herald All-Tournament team. Mark closed out December with a 
22 pointl8 rebound perfonnance in a 76-60 win over Stanislaus State and a 
16 pointl13 rebound game in a wild 116-90 triumph over visiting Colorado 
College. 

On the season Mark is averaging 14.6 pints and 7,6 rebounds per game 
and has moved up to seventh amoung UCSD career leading scorers with 
792 points. In addition , the 6'8" forward is fourth in career rebounds with 
484. 

Thursday,Jan , 17, 1985 13 

UCSD tastes victory .. , and wants more 

They're going for it 
By ULLIAN IATHROP 

T HE UCSD WOMEN'S basketball team IS not exactly an ideal team. With a predominantly 5'9" line 
up, and only three returning players, 
one might even get the impression that 
the season would die of inexperience , 
Not so. As the final buzzer sounded last 
Friday night , UCSD walked away with 
smiles on their faces as they increased 
their winning streak to three games. 
Now this isn't a story where the Tritons 
were on fire from the first time they 
dribbled a ball together, either. The 
season had a slow stan as the team 
dropped a few games to difficult 
opponents, "we're a young team, and 
the inexperience showed," senior and 
co-captatn Sue Semrau stated, 

Young, or else new to the program is 
right. There are only four returning 
players and one, junior forward Jennifer 
Gregory, is coming off a year of 
recooperation from a serious knee 
injury, Also returning are seniors Julie 
Krause and Sue Semrau who share the 
captain honors, and sophomore center 
Heidi Jungling. The rest of the team is 

1 made up of two junior transfer students, 
.t a junior guard who is new [Q the 
-c program and four freshmen, This fact ~ made teamwork hard at first. 'We began 
£ playing more individualized , aU working t. on our own skills," Krause commented, 

Being a team with an average height 
of 5'9" was something [Q overcome also. 
"Our point guard is 5'9", our shooting 

forward is 5'9". our staning center IS 
5'9"," coach Judy Malone laughed. ·We 
had to relearn our offensive strategies: 
Playing inside against 6'OH taU girls was 
intimidating at times, but now, 
according to the coach, the centers and 
forwards realize they can succeed even 
with this size difference. Rebounding. 
which could have been impossible, has 
become a great asset. The Tritons hallC 
out-rebounded the majority of the teams 
they have faced. Quickness and 
pOSitioning are essential when height is 
lacking, and UCSD has these twO 
qualities, Freshman forward Chns 
McCallum does an pxcellent iob keeping 
her opponent from the boards, Jennifer 
Gregory uses her strength and posts up 
well and Lynne McLevie gets rebounds 
through her swift agility. 

Being a shon team also led the 
Tritons to take up a pressure defense, a 
defense they have successfuly executed 
in the past three games, This pressure 
leads to the rurnovers which give UCSD 
a few mOre shots at the hoop. The extra 
ball lime has been essential, as it gives 
the Tritons the opportunity to take the 
number of shots they need to balance 
their low shooting percentage. In the 
past games, the outside sh00ting has 
been a saving factor as guards Sue 
Semrau and Leslie Sherman have 
consistently hit long shots at crucial 

> CONTINUED ON PAGE 14 ) 

COUNCIL TRAVEL 
UCSV 
SruVENT CENTER 

4S2-06J~ 
(,.QUNCIL 

~~QUARTERLV BLOOD DRIVE~~ 
students. faculty and staff will have a chance to donate blood to help 

replenish the UCSD Blood Reserve Fund during the week of January 21 at lwo 
locations. 

All UCSD students, faculty and staff, plus Immediate families, are covered by 
the Fund which makes blood CMJllableto anyone within the UCSD community 
whp may need It. 

The Blood Reserve Fund Is similar to a savings account, When a member uses 
blood fcx any reason. It Is supplied by the Son Diego Blood Bank, In order to 
replace the blood used, the member can contact the Blood Reserve Fund 
Coordinator on campus and give the following infcxmatlon (patient name, 
number of units. hospital. etc,). The Reserve Fund Coordinator then sends a 
release to the Blood Bank. and the necessary credits are transferred from the 
UCSD Reserve Fund to the user's account, At a cost of $60,00 per pint. the 
Reserve Fund Is an excellent source of Insurance In times of medical 
emergency. The contact on campus Is the Staff PwIonneI OfIIe., ext. 2823, 
ThSV can answer any questions you hove regarding the Fund and Blood Drives, 

The Blood Drives are very Important because In order fcx the UCSD Fund to 
hove credits ready fcx use by you and your families. volunteers must donate a 
pint of blood and designate the credit to the UCSD Blood Reserve Fund, This 
way, the much needed blood will be there when you need It, 

In order to reach the entire campus. the 1l0000000LE Is scheduled to be at 
the following locations: 

JANUARY 22. 23 a 204 
STUDENT CENTER - North Conference Room 
10DO am to 3DO pm 
JAH4JMY204 
SCRIPPS INSTITUTION OF OCEANOGRAPHY, Service Yard 
10DO am to 3:00 pm 

The Blood Drr.:o takes only 45 minutes of your time and one pint of blood. 
Anyone In good health belween the ages of 18 and 65. and weighing 110 
pounds or more, may donate, A free San Diego Blood Bank T-shirt will be given 
to each donor, 

Please support the UCSD Blood ReseNe Fund - Irll support you in yourtlmeof 
needl 



14 Thursday. Jan 17. 1985 

Full-season press 
< CONTINUED FROM PAGE 13( 
moments. 

Familiarity has helped push the team 
to their current success. Spending time 
together on and off the co un had 
formed a former group of strangers into 
a unit. "When you play tOgether. you 
learn each other's moves and it's easier 
to pass. A lot of errors arc from not 
knowing what the other person is going 
to do ," Julie Krause further commented, 
"Now we have more expenen e playing 
together and we also have great back 
up." 

Depth is a very unique advantJge the 
Tritons have developed . All 11 players 
contribute to each win. It is a true team 
eITort . Malone stated , "I can put a whole 
new team in without a drop in the skt ll 
level. They can aU go In and do the Job." 
Every mdividual gets plaring time which 
is good for the team morale, according 
to ue emrau. ' Evel)'one can get In and 
playa great game. If they stop one of us , 
someone else will pick up the slack." 

"It took awhile to get going," Coach 
Malone stared , "but we've realized whm 
we have to do to win ." And win they've 

done. Using pressure defense, 
rebounding, peed, and greatest of all, 
depth and unity, the UC D women's 
basketbaU team has won three smlight. 
The first was a Jan. 5 60-57 win against 
Whittier College in the La Jolla Classic. 
UC D placed third in their own 
toumament. They followed this victory 
by beating Grace College 77-69 on Jan. 
S and preceded the men's viCtory on 
Spi rit Night wHh a convincing 64-51 
VICtory over the University of Redlands. 
"We're a scrappy team and knew what 
we had to do. We're out there to win 

now, and not just to score points," Sue 
Semlau statcd. 

The Tritons face tough competition, 
however, in the coming weeks, 
especially against Califomia Baptist 
College, whom they play on Feb. 9 and 
19, and the University of San Diego on 
Feb. 15. "They are hard teams, but if we 
work hard enough , we can get them,," 
Juhe Krause commented with spirit 
which now possesses th e team. ' We've 
gOl a new attitud e," Malone concluded. 
"We've decided we can be winners and 
we 're going to go for it." ~ 

_____ WlTHTHISI'oD _____ , 

_ ~! 26 
dna wogurl e/l/lair 

frozen ~ogurt creations 
2 for 1 

Buy one smell serving 
end get one FREEl 

- WE ALSO HONOR All-
YOGJRT PARLOR COUPONS 

1030 T~ PinG Rd 1774 G!Imet Avenue 
at Herschel Pacl flc 9I!1ICh 

La JoII5 483-50483 

L 454-4869 &xp1TC> Jan. ", IQ85 
- - - -ONE PER MTOMER- - - -

I 
FINE AIITIST SUPPLIES 

25% 
OFF 
EVERYTHING 
IN STOCK!!! 

"'''s CaliS Str~~t· Pacific: Ikadl 
---l70-130~---

Opea M- F ' - 6, Saturday lO - J 

You CAN Know 
YourMajori 

A Multl-Dimensional 
Testing Program 
INDMDUALIZED 

FOR YOU 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day or Night 

~ leARNiNG 
~ skills ceNTeR 

PERMS HAIRCUTS 

$19 95 $6 95 
INCLUDES SHAMPOO & 

CONDITIONER ONL Y 

OPEN SUNDAYS 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTER 

455-0420 

Who will' second 
that emotion? 

Xs and Os will dictate an outcome, but 
really, it is whether the players are 
emotionally ready. My cynicism leaped 
out uncontrollably, asking how 111 the 
world emotion played such a vital role 
in football . Whoever has the most talent 
and is the better coached will win, 
right ? After all , I played high school 
football , and although I was second-
string and only threw five passes my 
whole career, our team was never 
emotional. "Control your feelings, you're 
men now, act like men: the coach often 
told us, It was a duty, an obligation, to 
give your best effort. For God's sake, the 
days of Knute Reckney went out with 
the ice box. (Of course I didn't tell 
Washington that we finished 0-11 three 
consecutive years.) 

By MICHAEL GREENBERG, Staff Wnter 

SOME OF MY CLOSEST friends have labeled me too emotional. 
"You'll never get far up the ladder 

(of success) until you calm down and 
rationalize ," they've told me. But ever 
since 1 can remember, around the time 
"Get Smart" premiered as a television 
show, I have been extremely emotional: 
raising my voice, talking wi th my hands, 
etc . 

I never wagered a lot when I was 
growing up- usually only 50% of 
my allowance , which at that time was 
$10 a week for bus fare . Of course, I 
wagered 25% of my working !;alary, 
which , after taxes, averaged close 10 
$200 a month. Did I ever have fun . 
That's the strangest facet of gambling-
enjoying oneself while going broke at 
the same time. It was on these 
occassions when 1 became very 
emotional: betting $5 on a basketball 
game was the utmost in entertainment 
My eyes would be glued to the television 

WINTER CLEARANCE SALE 
UP TO 50% OFF 
BEGINS JANUARY 18TH 

set for twO to three hours (l always 
wagered on events I could see), while 
my heanbeat graduaUy accelerated . Win 
or lose, it was a thrill. Emotion was a 
way of life; no one ever said otherwise 

I raise this Issue due to a recent 
conversation with former 4ger 
wide receiver and now NBC sports 
reporter Gene Washington, We were 
talking about the upcoming Super Bowl 
on Sunday and I asked him what would 
be the key to victory, Expecting one of 
the more obvious responses like, "Well, 
if the Niners put pressure on Marino, 
they'll be tough ," or "The 4gers will have 
to conuol the ball and run effectively," I 
was surprised by not only Washington's 
response, but his demeanor, After 
pausing for a few seconds, he said that 
the team that was the most emotional 
would win. Since being such an 
authOrity on the subject, I prodded for a 
more specific answer. Washington said 
that everyone thinks that statistics and 

The former All-Pro JUSt smiled and 
placed his hand on my shoulder, the 
way self-righteous people do prior to 
what you know will be a condescending 
speech. He told me that game plans and 
statistics and team tendencies served a 
purpose for awhile , but late in the game, 
when the outcome has yet 10 be 
decided , the team with the most 
emotion and vigor will win almost all of 
the time. 

1 moved my lips, about to give him 
one of my patented "how can you say 

San'Diego 
Sat. Jan. 26 
Jack Murphy 
Stadium 

TICKETS AT 

, 

Thursday,Jan 17, 1985 1.5 

that" lines, before he cut me off. I Side 
nOle: Now Washington was getting 
pretty emotional at this point: in the 
meantime, I was hoping that he would 
remove his hand from my shoulder so I 
would stop thinking of him as my 
father. I Finally, he stepped back and 
said that I could believe whatever I 
wanted , but he was telling me the truth . 

One of my New Year's resolutions wiU 
be that the next time I'm in a pro 
football locker room after a hard fought 
co ntest . I'm going 10 snub the popular 
athletes that are frequently surrounded 
by reporters , and walk up to a defensive 
or offensive lineman. It will be 
intimidating at first. He will be naked, 
250-300 pounds, and bruised all over 
his body. I will be clothed, 145 pounds, 
with the hope that the only bruise I 
suffer is to my ego. Instead of the 
typical lineman questiOns, like "You gave 
him good protection today, huh?" or 
"Those two sacks must have made you 
feel good out there ," 11l ask him if he's 
emOlional or not. Maybe he is like Rosie 
Greer, tough on the exterior, but a 
pussycat inside. Of course, he could spit 
his mouthpiece at me and step on my 
forehead , but I'm willing to take that 
risk. My emotions have gOl the best of 
me. ~ 

TELESEAT 
SEATLINE (714)283,SEAT 
SUPER SHOPS 
TICKETRON 
STADIUM 
KIDS ~ PRICE! YAMAHA 
• SIGN UP TO WIN! 
COCA-COLA am-pm mini-market 
Sweep.tuN! Grand Prize: Toyota 
SM <IX .. Sport.Truck and many more 
prizes. Enter at AM-PM miDi-markets 
and Toyota de"en. 
• Ride CRC races to quality in 125 
and 2IW) el .... Cal) (213) 83().7519. 
• ToyOh SuperTleket COUpollS FREE 
at dealen - Great dbIcounta plus 
FREE Toyota Early Entry puMa! 
• Toyota Early Ent.ry .. PM 



.. 

16 Thursday, Jan . 17, 1985 

The Milton H. Erick50n Institute announces the San 
Diego Co~ence on ~tic and Strategic 
Inter\le1tlOflS February B-IO: 1985. For information 
call (619) 295-1010. 12/7) 
cars br rent S15 per day, SBS per ~ Unlimited 
free mile~. Del Mar '55-3201. (1/17) 
Need money Ie go to CDllegeorvocational school? 
EdJcationaf Talent Search can hefp you apply for 
rroney Ie attend the school of your choice. Services 
are ~ to the public. call 297-4-471. (1/17) 
Menstrual pain? Cramps, nausea, abOOrrinai pain, 
etc. Partidparlts needed for a research stlJO,l. 481-
6181. 12/7) 
Srudents ~comed to Join prodJctJon staff of the 
Journal. Paste-up; 1~-QJt artists needed. Weekly 
staff meetings Wed1esdays at 6 pm In USGrants 
office 2nd fir Student Center x3917. (1/17) 
Attn: 1'1510 Nat'l Interns going to D.C. in su~: 
Mandatay mtg. Thurs., 1/17 at 8 pm in PH102. 
(1/17) 

ilRIIlMiJIIII 
Caron F-I camera 3Snm 2.0 lens I3Snm 2.5 lens, 
flash. coupler, filters, all Canon, all with leather 
cases. Used only a few times. $'I SO.OO or best. 543-
11M. Kevin, ~. 11/17) 
77 Honda CVCC wagon, am-fm, 5000 on rbIt eng. 
Good condo SI3SO boo 453-3434. 11/17) 
Racquetball racquets. Head Pro S40, Masre-, no. 
SUrfboard, 6'8" Thruster, brand new, S170. 8rtet 
457-1662· 11/17) 
Primo: Sony direct drive full auto tumtable, 
Technics 20 \Natt amp/receivt-f". Both new w /wrcy. 
453-1094. 11/22) 
Rat 131S Mirafiori for sale. 1977. 57,000 miles, 
brand new engine. Runs, boks greatl MOIling to 
Italy in Feb. Must sell. SI9SO b .o. Call 457-S035. 
Il/f7) 

~SHAU. CABINET-Was 0INIled Ily Rob 
Cruslly of Ratt 4-12" speakers, great sound, good 
conditbn. S325. call R~ Jr. 483-0137. (1/171 
Guitar 84, 12 suing. Westminister w/case. Clean, 
not a scratCh. Beautiful. melbw tone. Need cash. 
5350 invested. Sacrifice-asking S25O. Dan. 453-
8460 after six. (1/22) 

Roommate wanted, South MiSSIon BeaCh, 
oceanfront new condo. 5333 plus 1/3 utilitit!s. 
Available now. 488-3112, Lucy. (1/24) 
Near beach, bathtub, flr~Iace, in ~I Mar. Female 
wanted to share. S230/mo .. 1/5 uti. 755-2799. 
(1/17) 
Female to share a room in P B., S240 plus 1/4 uti/. 
Pl., Jae .. 880, tee. 483-3511. 11/24) 
Female roommate wanted to share room In 
Mission Valley con<lo. S175 month. call Carla 297-
1111. (1/17) 
Share bdrm in furnished DI!I Mar .apt., ftreplace, 
beach, bus. ~ nonsmoIcer. S216/mo. plus 1/3 
util. 259-0324. (1/28) 
Mafe roommate warrted in large Pac: Beach hollY 
to share master beaoom. own bath. Hot tub, cleek 
w/view of Mission Bay, extras. 5220 mo. plus 1/5 
util. 483-9755. (1/22) 
f'en1.* to shR 3 bdr luxury IAJoIIa conci:>. W /0, 
pool & many extras. 5SOO plus SO. Call 45s-6046. 
11/281 

f'en1.* roommate wanted to share a dea'l, quiet 
apt Cbse to UCSO, UTC. Nonsmoker. S283. Rae 
450-1533. (1/22) 
Studmt wanted to sharr room in thr"ee bedroom 
condJ on beaCh In PB. cameron 483-3948. (1/171 

I need people to pl~ Idleyball t>r a magazine 
aYVer shot. Call Ray, 27(}-~8. Le_ message. 
11/22) 
My ZHT UI Sis D.G.: I was nice lO ~ Unle sister once 
. .. oncel Just kiddin. See ya Fri. J.O. (1/17) 
Jaduon Hole ... does that mean iII¥tlng to you 7 If 
It does prepare A:>r one wrote wk of skiing Mar. 23-
30. Get a group of friends togI!1t1er and prepare for 
the most ~icaI time 01 your ~~ Too avo soon. 
11/22) 
Kimo-Has Yogi been getting his dally SI.4lPIY of 
plc-a-nic baskets7 Or tale you ~ tr"I!atW'i!i IJoo. 
800 wtlen ~'s IooIdng? U-, Ranger"Snith. 
11/171 

Jimbo, glad you're back. I'll r1I\IeI" get sick ofyotJ. I 
hope you get ttings settled soon. ~,wlU. (1/17) 
Kristen, Satur~ is almost her~. There will be 
plenty of walls lor you Ie lean against Sat nlte. 
Congratulations Wtdi! sis. Lor • . (1/17) 
Exdtementl The Pre Law Education Is sponsoring 
"Romancing tht' Stone" and a potlJdI dinner 
following tfr PlEA meeting W~ 11/23) at 
4:00 aDeM! the game room at the Student Center. 
call 452-4726 6r details. 11/22) 
Hey you I TheFood Coop's now open longer. Come 
get ~ t>od from 8:45 am-6 pm Mon.-Tt-urs., 
8:45 am-4 pm Fri .• 10 am-3 pm Sat. (1/171 

Interested in ht'lping with tHs yr's Semi-Formal? 
Bands. dI!corations, etc. Contact Marianne: 4~ 
9635 pm. 11/24) 
TKE rings in tht' new year with UCSD. All are 
irMted. Uve music and refrestments. The first 85 at 
OOor are In free. Friday 9 pm Jan. 18th ReeGym. S2. 
(1/17) 

R(X)MMA TE NEEDED-MISSION HIUS HOUSE, 

*,HHt61111111 =F~ff~~,%~~ New bcabon, s.YM g'eat ~ Phi Delta Theta rings in tht' New Year, F~, Jill. lB. !ft /I)'el. 11/f7J 
MiChele Carrol: ~ a great ~. f..I:J\Ie, Your 81g 
Bro. (1/17) 

Earn S500 per 1000 er1\I!!lopes stuffed. Send a self-
addressed, stamped envelope to Akram, PO Box 
1'13576, ChIcago, IL 60690. (1/17) 
Celebrate the ~ath of 1984 with TKE. Barrels of 
refrestment and live music. S2 FnClay, Jan. 18th Rec 
Gym. First 85 skate In free. 11/17) 
I need people to play Idf¥all for a magazine 
aYIIef shot call R~, 27(}-2908. Leave message. 
(1/22) 
RISC presents ;n:)ther fun filled ski wIc Mar. 23-30 
at Jadcson Hole, \t-YI11. Sid w/~Ibw UC students 
at the most \lertical place around. TIckets on sale 
soon. Keep your eyes open t>r more info. (1/22) 
Mobile DJ available br your dance, party, or 
reception. Ughting-sound-fog. Aztec Mobile 
MuSIC 265-3993. 12/19) 
PLEA is tht' Pre Law Education AssoCIation at 
lX:SD. If you are interested in law or a legal career, 
come to our meetin~ on W~esdays at 4:00 
above tht' game room In the Student Center. Please 
join us. For roore information, please stop Ily the 
office or call us at 452-4726. 11/28) 
Attn: Wcmen's UlcrOSS Team: Practice begins 

t~ for the 'as season. Meet at Revf!lIe field Jan. 
17 from 3 to 5 pm. (1/17) 
Ayn Ram Readerl and students of Objectivism 
meeting evey SUnday, II am-2 pm. Home Savings 
of America, 4311 La Jolla Village Drive, lXliversity 
Towne Centre. 13/14) 
Pre-Law students: Come join PlEA's first 1985 
event! Potluck and movie Wednesday. Call 452-
4726. (1/22) 
Come and join us br a debate about dictatorshp 
and resistance In Chile. Professor Paul Drake has 
recently returned from Chile. Free refreslYnents 
will be served Thursday at 7:30 pm In the 
International Cl (1/17) 
First RISC meeting of the QU. will be on Wed. 1/23 
at 8 pm in tht'recconfrm. Bringyour slides an<lplCS 
to the meeting. Jackson Hole info available. Sorry 
the date was wrong in the 1/14 Issue. (1/22) 
PlEA meeting, potluck, and movie Wednes~ 
400 above game room in SWdent Center. Info: 
452-4726. (1/22) 

Thurs~ 7:30 pm at the International Center 
lounge. Join in on the debate. Dictatorship and 
Resistance in Chile WIth Institute of the Americas 
Chair for Inter-American Affairs, Dr. Paul Drake. 
Free refresh. 11/17) 

CRUISESHIPS HIRING, SI6-S30,0001 caribbearl, 
Hawaii, World. call for Guide, Directory, 
Newsletter. 1-916-944-444 x UCSOCRUISE. (1/17) 
Organic Chemistry I40B tutor ~ SOSi Call 
.Jennifer 453-SOI9, 11/24) 
KEY80ARDIST NEEDED 8Y "PERPETUAL 
MOTION." CAll. SOON. MIKE 29Hl)76. (1/22) 
Female roommate wanted. Luxry 2bd/2ba apt. off 
Gilman w/pool &jac. S3SO/mo. Avail. immed. 587-
1330. (1/171 
call for papersl Undergrads: submit 3 copies of 
your best research papers to !hi! Joumal/ 

Gu~ines ava/iable at USGrants otfict', 2nr1 fir 01 
stUdent center. ~adIine: Friday, JIll. 25. x3917. 
(1/22) 
Wanted: callers b the UCSD Phone/Mail 
Program. Earn $'I. 25/hour plus big bonuses. ~ 
at ~opment Office, 81dg. IO'¥. Ily Jan. is. 
11/17) 
Master bedroom Ibr rent. Condo in Del Mar. Male 
or tent I or 2 persons. S350/mon. 481-7957. (1/24) 
Need used Econ 120A book: Statistics b business 
and economics. Call evenings, Jeff Peddie 755-
S804. (1/17) 
Printer for Commodore 64 wanted. llnfbrand OK. 
27(}-7835. (1/17) 
AI RUNES HIRING, SI4-S39,oool Stewardesses, 
reservatlonistl Worldwidel Call br GUide. DIrector, 
N~letter. 1-916-944-444 x UCSDAlR. 11/17) 

Roommate wanted-Mira Mesa house, master br, 
own bath. S285 & uti!.. non srroker. 695-8408. Ask 
for Sarah. 11/31) 
Single room avallaole, MISSIOn Beach rouse, ocean 
side, washer -<lryer, sun deck, 1/6 utrlities & S 230 
rro. 273-6497. 11/171 

Female roommate to share room In large condo 
near UTC, pool. S212.SO/month & 1/3 util. 457-
1542. (1/17) 
Responsible female student needs houSIng. Feb. I. 
Beth 435-0247. (1/22) 
Female roommate wanted. Luxury 2bd/2ba apt off 
Gilman w/pool &Jac. S350/mo. Avall. lmmed. 587-
1330. (1/17) 

Link-Frame Computers & 
Business Systems Corporation 

•••••••••••• 
• • :1~ OFF: 
• • 
: ON : 
• • 
: FIRST : 
: ORDER: 
• • 
:. ••••••••• 1 

-GOOD PP.£SENTAnON CAN IMPP.OVE YOUP. GAADES-
TERM PAPERS - DISSEp.TAnONS _ THESES 

RESUMES - PROJECTS - REPORTS 
Typed 01 

UNK-FMME COMPUTEP.5 WORD PROCESSING CENTP.E 
P.eosonoble Rates - Highly Qualified Personnel 

CAll: (619) 566-966Q 
MON-FRJ.10 0m- 6pm )AT 10 or., - 4prn 

LINK-FRAME COMPUTEP.S AND BU51NESS 5 V5TEMSCOPJlOAATION 
7190 Miramor P.ood, E·109, Son Dieqo, CA 92121 

dlSj§§ijlll 
TYPING/WORO PROCESSING-For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 454-7624. Rush jobs 
accepted. (1/31) 
cars for rent. SIS per dav, SB5 per week.lk1Nrrited 
free mileage. Del Mar '55-3201. (1/31) 
Need a DJ for )QJr next party? I'll types of music. 
~ bw races. Eq.ripment rentals alSo. JotTl 453-
0640. 11/171 

Get superior performance out of }/OUr Slds. Tune 
and hot wax for a small ~. 25'Hl678, Chuck. 
(1/24) 
All occasion video can vk1eo-tape in Stereo your 
wecHngs, au<itions, parties or proms. 271-4248. 
11/17) 

Starting to work on your summer ta'1? F~ ~ 
face and bikini wax near campus. 457-2003 Ibr 
apt. 11/17) 
Imern this summer in Washington, D.C.I 
Marrdatory ASIO planning meeting Thurs .. 1117 at 
8 pm in PH102. (1/17) 
Hey, lte's skrp tht' 1TlO\Iit!s this Friday and celebrate 
New Year 's with TKE and UCSD. There's 1M music 
ana lots of refreshments in Rec Gym. 52. Jan 18th 9 
pm. First 85 free. 11/17) 

R~lIe Commuters: Broombal/ begins 1/22. If you 
alre~have a teiWll bring In alist,{$20. Or sign up 
In the Commuter lDunge. (1/17) 
Dorft walt until you're invited to the beach to start 
lasing weight Start now. 12 sessions. 1/2 price if 
purchased In Jan. Near carllXJs. 457-2003.11/171 

Morrrna, sorry I won't be home this \l\lfelcend. 
Gonna spend New Year's E~ With TKE's Friday, 
Jan. 18th at the Ree Gym. 9~. (1/17) 
To all of the Sigma Kappa plec!ges-
CongratulatIOns and goocI luck on inrtlatron. 
You're thl! Best. 11/171 

Heather-Two more days Ie gol can't waltl ~I 
Alpha Love, JO. (1/17) 
Bring sli~ & pies of Vail to the first RISC meeting 
01 the qtr 'Wed 1/23 at 8 pm in tht' rec conf rm . 
Jackson Hole and group gatle.IgS will also be 
discussl!d. 11/22) -
"Romancing tht' Stone" wm be sho\M1 lifter n 
PlEA rTlI!etin!;j and potluck dinner ths W~, 
Jan. 23, at 4:00 in the lounge area aI:lc7.oe the ~ 
room in tht' Student Center. For info call 452-4726. 
11/22) 

~ tht' Chalteal7 The Phi DeItot r. on, 
but at a new place. Fri~ Jan. 18th looIc b the 
/I)'el, (1/171 

~es 28 Final Spnng S4 Lost Large reward for 
retIn1I Code nutrmer 539. PI~ go throu!1l your 
old papers. May ~ been acddI!ntal~raken from 

~ Halls~. Thanks. SU5ar148;'I383. 11/17) 
fo'-'ld: Shower CiISI!' contairWlg gold Charn and 
pendant engriM!d with initials C.W. Phone 565-
8653. (1/171 
wst: Small sl~ athl«lcs bag. Contains running 
sho4!s, shorts, and shirt. Contact Doug at 45I-
0500. (1/17) 
Found: calaJlator durin9 ftna/s week last quarter 
in ~terson HaU. call to identify. 259-8607. (1/22) 
wst -reading glasses with tan case on 1/9. call 
Dwight 259-8607. (1/22) 
Reward for wallet I Eelslan (Brown) 10 cards 
ifrllortant. Call Jack or Staty 483-9968. 11/22) 
Found: car keys in front of Url!Y Hall. call 
Christoph 455-7293. (1/17) 
Lost--Biochemistry book by ~ at Central SUn. 

E~. Call Sharon 452-7371. Reward. 11/24) 
wst lMlITIen's bIk sWiltCh in Man. parking lot Frt 
Jan. II. If b.n:l contact IIItWra 457-3762.11/24) 
Lost SIllier Draceiet in USB 1/14. If found call Raina 
45+1207. There is rewarcill/17) 
wst: A blCldc & white wool scarf in Mandeville Aud. 
Monday nite. If found, please contact Am 453-
9931 . lf/24) 

THE NEXT CRAZE 
A Puzzle Solved Entirely by LogIC-Not Guesswor1< 

LoglcMastcr 
-A Puzzle of Logical Oeduction-
Place each piece In Its correct row foIlowI~ one simple rule. 

Sound easy? Try It! eThere 5 only one SOlutio". 

Includes two bootcIets explaining the logical method, 
Now ovellable at the University Bookstore, 

Vol. I. No.2 January 17. 1916 

Emotional? Rational? Artist? 
Italc Scanga at work at UCSD 



Editor 
ANDR EW KEELER 

Aa. ociate Editor 
• CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributina Editon 
ETHAN FEER T. JOAN 
FORSBERG. RONA HU. 

JAMES RALPH PAP I' 
Staff 

MIKE AHN. RODDY 
BOGA W A. ANDREA 

HARMON. KRI TIN KALA. 
KAREN KELLEY. JEFF 

MUNI • JOHN NEE. ART 
SALAZAR. CARL STATER. 

ROGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial 45 2-3466 
Adverti.ina 45Z·3468 

H,arus is published every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplement to the UCSD 
GUAR DIAN. Reprodu.:t-ion 
or use without wn tten 
permission of any portion of 
this magazine is a no-no. We 
welcome unsolici ted letters, 
manuscripts, and artwork. but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. SenJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016. Lu Jolla. CA. 92093 

-

2 Ria"" Jan. 17, 1985 

Contents 
Cover. !talo Scanga finds a 
balance between his 
emotional side and his 
rational side, taking root 
here at UCSD. See page 3. 

Bodily Energy. . . .. page 5 
Bill T. Jones and Arnie Zane 

brought their dance company 
to Mandeville Sunday for a 
little Freedom of Information. 
Free Movies . . . . .. page 10 

University Events has a 
slough of special previews 
planned this quarter and we 
have them all in this special 
preview. 

Bob's Book Report ••. page 2 
Records ••• page 8 
Movies ••• page 9 

Goings On ... page 11 

Cover photo by John Ashlee 

DlR£C1ED BY \v~T JONES 

FEBRUARY 7·10, 14·17 
8 PM /7 PM SUNDAY 
S5 · S8 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER 
FOR THE 
PERFOPiAING ARTS 

Bob's Book Report 

Sci-fi «Thievery' 
8y 8. B. LEONE 

It began sometime in the late '70Si I forget when. The Thieves' 
World series began because a number of science fiction and fantasy 
authors felt that it might be fun if they all played around with the 
same fantasy myths, a lousy. desert trader route town with a 
miserable harbour, Sanctuary. A number of authors wrote stories set 
in that town, some of them good authors, some of them good stories. 
That was Thieves' World , which, to hear the fuss, was on a publishing 
par with Dangerous Visioru. In otherwords, a legend the month of 
publication. 

Last year, just in time for Christmas, or Halloween, the sixth short 
story anthology of Thieves' World, Wings of Omen, came out. There 
is one thing that seems to be happening to Sanctuary, the grimmest 
town in science fiction or fantasy. It's gotten grimmer. It's more 
dangerous to drink the beer at the Vuliar Unicorn. Shadowspawn, 
the best thief in the burg, who started off by being proud he had 
never killed a man has assembled such a body count he's leaving 
town (because of a spectacular break,in he undertook because of a 
cat, which resulted in a death and a lot of unpleasant political 
consequences ). 

In the old Sanctuary, all you had to worry about was Rankan 
conquerors and Ilsig revolutionaries and the occasional odd mugger 
or wizard, or slaver. In the new Sanctuary, when Jubal wants to know 
who else will be at the meeting, you say, "You, me, the 3rd 
commando, and Tempus's original stepsons. Plus, perhaps, the local 
death squads and revolutionaries, your odd mercenary, the 
downtrodden llsig populace, and the regular army garrison . ... That 
enou2h manpower for-.1'ou?" 

Robert Asprin has done a fine job editing and controlling the 
history of Sanctuary, but the burg had better lighten up. 

On the crime front, San Jose Chief of Police John McNamara's The 
First Direaiue demonstrates only one talent. The guy can really create 
some horrifying crimes. Characterization was out of Joe Wambaugh 
and Ed McBain. The plot died. The best line was the one about not 
knowing why they had a Fremont at three in the morning. The good 
guys win. I think you have the book. Find a decent bookstore and 
read some Sjowall and Waloo instead. 

RAY BAN 
WAYFARER 

r--------------------1 Sella .... ere $4O-t8 I 

: ::~a~~ $25.00 111 1 /JIIIck, brown, 
1 red, white 1 
1 1 
--with thi~ COfAPOll good through 1-2.J.85·-

WE GUARAmEE THE LOWEST 
SlmGIASS PRICES 

on all m¥r sungWs bl'llld~ 0{ anlJ remit store. 

Open 7 dalP and nights 
Old Ton 2461 San Diego Ave. (lYut to Old Town l'feJdc;p CI/e) 891~9 

r..adaltaa 745 Itrst St. (Lumbelyard Shopping Cen~r) 941-0»7 
La JoIIII 10J0 Tomy fines Rd. (lYut to YOfIIlI't A/fIlr) 454-8008 

a.ftlDOllt 4675 ClaJremont Dr. a.lremont ~ Shopping Center 171~ 
for 0lil. IoaIdou Dear you. cd lie Ibcwe RanI. 

ITALO SCANGA 
T HE WALLS OF IT ALO Scanga's studio are cov, ered with the carved 

wooden icons of his art , 
his personal religion. Mixed in with 
traditional crucifixes and painted 
saints is a fleamarket, like collection 
of carved figures, people and 
animals, each placed as in a shrine; as 
if Italo worships image itself, the care 
and work it takes to create a thing of 
beauty. 

Though ltalo has been in the 
United States since age IS, 
emigrating with bis family in 1~7, 
his voice is still ladened with an 
Italian accent. Scanga has been 
producing and teaching art since the 
'50s, but his career is just now 
starting to take off. He characterizes 
himself as a late bloomer. Italo was 
just featured on the cover of 
ARTnews, has a show that just 
opened at the Mark Quint gallery in 
San Diego and will soon have a show 
in Riverside. 

Italo's show in San Diego features 
a variety of his work, from the 
twisting emotional figures standing 
as high as 14 feet to the smaller, cold 
and rigid cubistic heads that he is 
working on now. Italo's mind is 
filled with duality and his life and 
work embody that duality. His 
abundant energy overflows his stout 
body, and he is as quick to laugh as to 
be offended. Italo is about changei "I 
am an artist" he says, as if to explain. 

ltalo obviously loves Italy. He 
spends his summers there and travels 
many other times a year to his native 
land, to interact with the people, to 
draw inspirations from the rich 
artistic and cultural wealth that 
thrives in the people and the cities. 
But he stays here in California at 
UCSD, so far removed culturally 
and otherwise from Italy. What is it 
that California has which Italy does 
not? 

"Yes, I love Italy. I go there as 
'much as I can. But I work here, you 
know. I don't have a job there so Itlo 
where the work is. I couldn't teach in 
Italy . 1... don't belong there 
anymorei I removed myself from 
there." 

In recent years, even more so in 
recent months, Italo has become 
more nationally recognized and 
because of this his work becomes 
more valuable. One of the prime 
difficulties of being an artist today is 
being able to support oneself doing 
just art; a second job is alm06talways 
required simply to afford materials 
for artwork. One popular route is to 

Avoiding the 
Categories of 
Expression 

BV CHRIS YOUNG 

teach, combining art and work in a 
manageable relationship. Italo has 
been teaching for almost 25 years 
and it has become an integral part of 
his lifei a constant source of ideas 
and stimuli. Even if he could now 
afford to quit, he sees no reason to "I 
don't think I'll ever stop teaching; I 
like it too much. I've been in the 
academic world for the last 25 to 30 
years. Why should I quit now?" 

Scanga's academic career has been 
a chequered one. He taught at the 
University of Wisconsin, Brown 
University, Rhode Island School of 
Design, Pennsylvania State 
University and the Tyler School of 
Art in Philadelphia before coming to 
UCSD. Though changing jobs has 
not always been his idea, he believes 
that change is important and his life 
as an academic nomad has always 
been good for his artwork. 

"I got fi red some places; sorwe 
places 1 left.. To ~ youfse'f ahead 

you gotta move, you can't be 
complacent, especially as a teacher. 
You never stay in your first job as a 
teacher; you always move on. You 
can't be complacent in one place and 
be happYi you'll rot! There is 
nothing worse than an old academic, 
an old forgotten professori there's 
nothing worse than thad" 

After roaming the academic 
circuit, Italo settled here at UCSD. 
First coming here as a visiting 
professor in 1976, he joined the 
faculty permanently in 1978. Italo 
feels there is a tremendous energy 
here at UCSD and in the San 
Diego/La Jolla community as well. 
"1 love it here, it's really active, real 
alive ... the department is dynamite, 
it's really very good. Each one of us 
(the artist/professors in the 
department) has something to say. 
Each one of us is different." 

Italo's growing up in Italy during. 
the Second World War had a 
profound effect on his life and his 

artwork. "War is not very pleasanti 
it is a terrible personal thing when 
somebody you don't even know 
comes up to you and shoots you. I 
mean what kind of stuff is that? 
That's why I don't like to see the 
violence in the movies, with guns 
and stuff. It's so impersonali there is 
no respect from anybody, no 
communication. A person becomes 
like an object or a thing when you 
c,n iO out BJUi take a ~eapon . aqd 
destroy it." The horrifying effects 
that such a callous attitude towards 
human life can have are epitomized 
in the wartime tragedy of Monte 
Cassino in which the allied forces 
bombed the Abbey of Monte 
Cassino, killing hundreds of civilians 
including monks, women and 
children. Italo's memories of the 
event in Italy prompted much 
research and eventually more than 
IS eculptures between 10 and 14 
feet high depicting the terror and 
senseless waste of the physical and 
cultural bomb. 

Tragedy does not dominate the 
life of ltalo Scanga, however. He is 
happy in a forceful way. Ebullient 
and sometimes arrogant, the deep, 
lines running out from his eyes are 
forever suggestive of a smile. His 
laughter is loud and inviting, not that 
of a man oppressed by the darker 
spirits of a sometimes tragic life. 

Although his studio is filled with 
religious images from all cultures, 
particularCy his own Italian 
Catholicism, religion is not his 
source of relief. "I'm a little bit too 
cynical, too educated to embrace all 
that stuff, to have faith." Italo seems 
drawn towards faith but hesitant, 
unwilling to risk what he has right 
now for something unknown, 
something that could be better than 
anything or could be nothing. "I 
don't know if I could do that. 1 wish 1 
could.. . maybe I fight it." 
Regardless of whether !talo is 
seeking the life of a mystic, he loves 
the traditions and the symbols of 
organized religions. "I just like the 
rituals of the church ; the 
architecture, the statuary, the smells, 
the dresses, all the sensual things. I 
like the whole spectacle." 

In a characteristic change of 
mood, Italo is changing his sculpting 
style from the tall, sweeping, 
emotional figures of his Monte 
Cassino works to the rigid rational 
cubistic heads that he is doing now. 
"1 want to get away from the 
narrative because you can be 
interesting to a certain time, but not 

pIeGae tun, 10 JIIl,e .. 

~ 
~ 
.9, 
.Iil-

- _ ____ --'1 
Jan. 17, 1985 Hianu 3 



Italo Scanga 
oontinued from Pace 3 
forever. Sometimes it can come to an 
end; it would mean I was coming to 
an end. I want to hit more the 
universal, whatever that means. 
Nobody Imows what that means. 
Maybe by becoming much less 
autobiographical, I'll become more 
linear. " 

It seems strange that one artist can 
work in such different ways, but 
Scanga finds no difficulty. For him 
art, like life, runs in cycles. "There's 
a duality about me. I just jump from 
one to the next. That's why I'm such 
a good teacher; beca use I can do both 
artwork and teach." Like most 
people, Italo does noc: understand 
the world . Unlike most, he doesn 't 
try boxing it into rational categOries. 
"There's no separation. There's no 
logic. There's no grid. I think 
everything happening is cyclical, 
repeating itself over and over again. 

~ IIoaI'CI 01 ...... 
.... Magaa. 
-N .. MIMeI- • ADger a.t. Gene,.... 
us ~. -~ 5crotAIIi 
& ... kAo •••• ~ - I.eoroocI MallIn 
LA 1m. - 5heIa a..on 
AlIa lolled ..... -lob 1homaI 
USA lodav - JacII MaINwI 
NI/Sneak,..,.... - .-...v lyonl N.v. I'I:lIt ..... AMeS 
N.v. ~ ....... -1CaIt ..... CGI'CI 
wall SIIwt .bmaI -.u. Sdamcn 

~. LA - 0cMd ShMttan 
~ N.v. -SIIMat IOIIn 
ICITV, LA • AabM 0IbcIme 
ICAIC-IY. LA • Jatwt CaocaIon 
r .. usdc1t -~ ~ 
LA ~ ....... - Ok ttan.wcUt 
WOR-N - ...... ow 
GcnlIIIt r.. IIJlll*' - ..... wall 
Idt DOd 8IpaIMr - AabM 0DlIne 
.... .,..~ ....... ~ 

Tomorrow is another day. It may 
rain and I'll want to do something 
elac. " 

One of Italo's former srudents, 
Bruce Nauman, has been asked to do 
an outdoor sculpture for the Stewart 
Foundation, to be mounted on the 
top of the Mandell Weiss theatre. 
The sculpture itself has caused a 
great deal of controversy in La jolla 
because it is made of neon and 
perched atop the theatre, might 
shine too harshly for the eyes of the 
wealthy, light-sensitive La joLlans. 
ltalo nnds this controversy absurd . 
"They're making such a big thing 
about this sculpture. What the 
community should really do is take a 
look at the terrible architecture in 
San Diego. Nauman is a good artist; 
he shouldn't be questioned. The 
architects, the people who built 
those shitty banks down in La jolla, 
they should be questioned." 

Starts Friday 
IIAJIN CINEIIA 21 

Hotel Circle, Mission Valley • 291·2121 
.. Hilma Jan. 17, 1985 

. Navy 
Health 

Professions 
Scholarship 

Program 

r ycu ,..... t.en ~ bV. 01 (ft __ al. an CIPPfO\I8d 
IChooI <:I ",....,... 01 ooNcpaII .... IOU rncJ\I ~ !of Ihe Navy 
_ ~ SChcAaIl'~ PIagIam 
,.. a ~ studInIlhe Navy PCJIII: 
• VOl kAI tuition. rutIlorIzed _ and ~ 

-
.1he00ll <:I ~ booksand~ (~ 

toycu~ 
.""'IaI_Ior_~t -..ch CII~and 
• a ~ caoh pCIYIroIri dInIctIy to you (Uljac:I to 
"-} You can _1I1iI ~ CII ycu I*<aa 

_ .. ICIlOaI. _ NaIl\' <IC.- nat _ """' VOl 
ococtImIc ... You """,', ".,.. to aIIInd ~ III::*W1g 01 
dItIo. 01 -,.- Navy .......... Your ~ II _ """" CII """" 

..-:at0l~1Ic_ 

YoU1IIIBld ..",.., * _ IIOCh year In an "ac:tIIie 
__ -... _ . ''''''' cuIficuIum '*'-', allow IOU 
to _1CIlOaI. you can IIAIDIIiv IJ*ld a partton 01 or <:I itQe 

~ <:I octt.e <2./tf at VOl ~ IChooI oonIInuIng VOl 

-DuMQ ". ~ <Uy period, ycul1 r-=- full pay and ~ <:I an ~ In Ihe Navt _ ycu.,. .. OCI>OOI 
01 0W0It. _. n addition to Ihe IIVJIor monthIv Income IOU 
__ cUIng Ihe _ <:1_ year. 
kIM m.ty ~"")OJ the cIu1ce to _ 01 NaIl\' 

_andcPn 1TWdIcaI_l&ce_~ a_ 
1om_....-01~ 

01'11 r .. 
• ~ oc;IIoCIICII a ....... 0I1he NaII\'_ 
--~., P\ogIam. 

__ ore ........ actW <2./tf 01 a Navy ..-:at ~ 
lor eocto ...... 01-., POI'1c$aItoo L You ........ 
_ .. __ ....... on~<*.JIv. 

rrn. -" In ~ OI-.cy '*- nat count t.-.d VOl actIwt _ obIIgaIIan. 

Q .: r a I'IIIIIr IdIoIarIhIpe. 

.be ~ lor Ihe rat ...r8IIng eta. 01 CUIIa'1Ity 
"'-In an ~ IChooI <:1_01 

~ In _ U.s. 01 PI*"> RIco. 
• be a us. dItoan <:I good moIOI c:hoIocW. 

.be~~IorOOi"i_'CIIONavy 
aIIaw. 

..... ~ MCAT .",... .. eo 01 iT1OI8. 

BIll Bryant ®., . 
YNC USIIfI , 
OFRCER REOlU1ER 

NAW RECROOING OtSTRtCT 
SOIN OtEGO . 
NAV/>L TRAIMoIG CfNl£R. IIlDG. 3J5 
SIIt4 OtEGO. CA 92133 

call collect (~19) 29H7~ 

Be The Doctor 
You Want To Be. In The Navy. 

Calilomian. 

,...,.... .,.. aID ,., _ ,n (tfJ9. '/4) 
~.,.. aID" _ 'JO (. '15) 

JIIInrfluut ,.,.. U5 (reg. HOI Sc • .,,"rl...u. (frd' ..u ". (reg. 140) 
"-law ~,....,. '15 (reg. U8) CeI ...... e '15 (reg. '}5) 

o.e ".,., ,.., _ $a (reg. 1»1 
o.e ...... --cw' - U5 (reg. 1J51 

Sp«YI!et· III I*ck '-Ir 
A/lAII...a ..... 

7fiOtI u,,* .... M (ffeN CoUeJr Dr. * 10) ~5 
",.,. .... (~ u JoI .. oitihtg CA) 7J7,.,. SL,u JoI .. 

• ~JJ70 .~I.L5 

SpeciILs good uIitII Mlllllth .tdect.ed Mf1'15U tIu'oII(It l/ J 1/85 

Dance 
po~er 
in black 
and lVhite 

By RONAHU 
Take two tall black men, two short 

white men, three women in punk 
hairdos and bounce them all off one 
another and what have you got? Add 
a few megawatts of pure energy, a 
weirdly poetic musical score, some 
clever sets and lighting, and you just 
might approximate the Bill T. 
jones/Arnie Zane 1St. Company 
dance troupe. Sunday night, the 
team from New York blew through 
Mandeville Auditorium for a one-
night only performance of FTeedom of 
Information. 

A glance at the biographies in the 
program reveals diverse and unusual 
backgrounds. jones, for example, 
"entered college as an athlete and 
actor ... (studying) classical ballet, 
modern dance, contact improvisa~ 
tion and T'ai Chi Chuan." Zane, the 
other choreographer and artistic 
director, started out as a 
photographer. The two have enough 
awards and performances between 
them to almost fill a page, and 
recently were the toast of the 
Brooklyn Academy of Music's Next 
Wave Festival for their popular and 
controversial Secret Pastures. 

The rest of the company includes 
janet Lilly, Sean Curran, who 
"performed traditional Irish step 
dancing as a child," Margaret Liston 
with a B.A. in acting, Heywod 
McGriff Jr. and Amy Pivar, who "is 
currently singing with Loremil 
Machado and Sarvaya Band." In 
addition to the dancers there is 
composer David Cunningham (who 

BUSINESS AND 
TECHNICAL MAJORS 

Highly responsible positions for 
college seniorS and graduates 
(through age 341 in financial 
and logistic support. The N~ 
Supply Corps n~ highly 
qualified, dynamic indMduals 
to lead and manage large 
inventory and finandal 
networks. Salary 518,500 to 
start, 534,000 after 4 years. 
Excellent benefits package. 
Need BA/BS, U.s. citizenship. 
C .. I N." MaNIgeIrIenI 
Protr ..... , 291-.746, 
Mort V'.Md .... -4pm. 

DiU T. Jonal Amie Zane and Company took M~ by Jtorm Sunday, pe:rfomaing Freedom of Information. 

has worked with The Flying Lizards), 
set designer Gretchen Bender and 
lighting designer William DeMull 
(whose previous credits include 
Meredith Monk and Laurie 
Anderson.) 

Of course, once the curtain goes 
up there is only the here and now, 
and past works, however impressive, 
are irrelevant. And in their 
Mandeville performance, jones and 
Zane proved equal to all the acclaim 
they have been receiving. Freedom of 
Information, though considered more 
"arty" and less pop than Secret 
Pastures, was warmly received by the 
medium-sized audience. Some of the 
more frequent comments overheard 
were "amazing!" and "incredible!" 
and "I can't believe they did that." 

Zane begins the performance with 
a monologue repeating "She called 
me on her birthday ... " interspersed 
with thoughts on gingham dresses 
and efforts to aid "that island: you 
know, the one with the coffee 
name." Three men in suits perform 
in front of a huge projection of a cup 
of coffee. After this initial prelude, 

the rest of the company springs into 
action, all in outfits of light grey or 
pink. They form and unform into 
twosomes and threesomes with 
rapidity and preciSion, jump off one 
another and flip their companions 
over into the air. There is violence, 
sexuality of various kinds, cruelty 
and jealousy. 

One of the more refreshing or 
disturbing aspects of the 
performance, depending upon your 
point of view, is the lack of concern 
for the actual sex of the dancer. A 
smaIl woman may support a large 
man on her back; any given 
performer may dance in a 
"masculine" or "feminine" manner, 
and dancers of either gender are 
paired in overtly sexual maneuvers. 

The second act uses a large 
aluminum box as a playpen, a 
balance beam and an altar for 
continuation of themes from the 
first section. This time, however, the 
dancers all wear white that appears 
ultraviolet under different lighting 
conditions. They strike classical 
poses that alternate with sexual 

poses, then retUrn to sitting primly 
upright . They tumble about 
frenetically, then preach in a mock~ 
pious fashion about "patience ... 
vengeance . . . salvation." ALL the 
while, the music alternates between 
lyrical and disturbing, with 
fragments of Chopin, dogs barking, 
jarring piano glissandos and phrases 
like, "I have truly seen God ... He 
had oily hands." The giant box is 
turned on its side to form a huge 
picture frame. 

In the third and final section, the 
issues from the preceding parts are 
resolved, or at least raised again. All 
in black, rendered warm and sensual 
by predominately red light, the 
dancers are alternately mimes or 
gymnasts, active or still. An 
e labora te series of gestures 
borrowed from the rest of the 
performance concludes the evening. 
And although the audience was far 
from sold~out, they responded 
enthUSiastically. Word travels, even 
in San Diego. If Bill T . Jones/ Arnie 
Zane 1St. Company return to this area, 
expect a crowd. Be there . 

Take Off On A High Flying Career 
As A Flight Officer. 

Be pan of the Navy aviation team - a Naval Right Officer. As a flight officer, you'U be responsible for controlling 
complex, on-board weapons and navigation systems on sophisticated Navy aircraft. As a flight officer, you'U be 
given advanced technical training. You'll gain early responSibility. And you'll have the chance for worldwide 
travel. 
QUALlACATIONS: Minimum BA/BS degree (summer graduates may inquire). Applicants must be no more 
than 29 years old and have vision correctible to 20/ 20. Relocation reqUired. Applicants must pass aptitude and 
physical examinations and qualify for security clearance. u.s, citizenship required . 
BENEATS: Excellent package includes 30 days' earned annual vacation , medicalidentaillow-cost life 
insurance coverage and other tax-free incentives. Dependent's benefits available . Promotion program included . 
PROCEDURE: Send resume to , or call Naval Management Programs. 

NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT, BUILDING II 33' NAVAL TRAINING CENTER, 
SAN DlEGO,CA, 92133, PHONE 293-6746 

---__ Navy Officers Get Responsibility Fast. ___ _ 

Jan. 17, 1985 Hiat1U S 



UC.SAN.DIEGO 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
1985 SEASON 

a ••• 

uc " SAN e DIEGO 
INTERNATIONAL 

rIL~ERIES 

All performances in 
Mandeville Auditorium 

unless noted. EMERSON QUARTET Pulitzer Prize Winning 
Political Cattoonist 
PAUL CONRAD 

1 . 9 . 8 ' . 5 
-------January 22-------

IN A LONELY PLACE 
19.50. United States. By N,,;ho/as Ray. 

With Humphrey Bogart 
and Glona Gra ha me. 96 min. 

In a Lonely Place, is a powerful and disturbing portrait of an 
embittered screenwriter whose uncontrollable rage leaves him in a state 
of such terrible isolation, that by the time he's been cleared of murder 
It's no vindication at all. 

"(Ray's theme) [M[ euery relationship CJlabllSnes its own moral code 
(shows) [here IS no such [hlnR as abstr"':[ morall[y .. . an Indisputable record of 
a very personal anguish. " 

Anqrew Sarris, The Amellcun Cinema 

---January 29: San Diego Premiere---
THEY DON'T WEAR BLACK TIE 

rQ81. BraUI. By Leon Him:man. 
120 minules. 

O ne of the most acclaimed and important fi lms of the recent new 
wave in Brazilian cinema, They Don'[ Wear Bla.:k Tie, is an intimate 
portrai t of the industrial Brazil of the 1980's. Following the life of a 
Sao Paolo family whose life is torn apart by the out break of a violent 
factory strike, the film explores the conflict that arises between the 
unionist father , his conservative son. and the son's fiancee. 

"An extremely Rood film ... s[rong, extremely maving, beautifully directed 
and ac[ed." 

Vincent Canby, New York Times 

-------February 5 -------
AN UNFINISHED PIECE 

FOR PLAYER PIANO 
1977. USSR. By Nikita Mikhalkov. 

100 minutes 
Loosely based on Platonov--Chekhov's first full-length play, 

Unfinished Piece for Player Piano covers the intricate. mterlocking 
events of a warm summer day on a country estate. It's a bittersweet, 
humorous tapeStry of human folly and lost dreams. 

"A small mlracle ... reinforces (Mlkltalkiw's) place as a ~oung Russian 
masrer ... An astonishmg example of c'TWlltJe adaptallon." 

David Ansen, Newsweek 

---February 12: San Diego Premiere ---
LE CRABE T AMBOVR 

1977. France . By Pierre SchoendoeTf{eT. 
Cinematography by Raoul Coutard. 

Lc Crabe Tambour is an enormously romantic fi lm about war and 
honor and empire. A complex film whose sensibilities are fi rmly 
rooted in the 19th century, and which owes more than a little to Joseph 
Conrad, it's a a series of tales about an enigmatic French naval officer 
(Crabe Tambour) who served in Indochina in the 1950's, as he's 
remembered by three fellow officers in the 1970's. 

Spellblndlng ... a visual s\Wep and maJes[y .. . the most brealhtakingl~ 
evocallue (photography) I've ever seen in a motion picture." 

Vincent Canby, New York Times 
-------February 19 

THE FAMILY GAME 
1984. Japan. By Yoshimilsu Morita. 

107 minutes. 
The Family Game IS a WICkedly funny comedy about Japan's 

comparativdy affluent, completely directionless new middle class . 
From first shot to last. it 's a visual adventure--a succession of brilliantly 
colored compositions satirIZing the worst aspects of Japan 's economic 
modernism. 

''The Family Game IS so ncn [hal Mr. Moma would seem 10 ~ one of [h.-
most talented and original of Japan 's new lIenerallDn of {tlmmakL>fs ." 

Vincent Canby. New York Times 

Tuesday Nights, 7:30 p.m. 
GA. $5.00, Stu.!Sr. $3.00 

6 Hia&w Jan. 17. 1985 

January 18, Friday, 8:00 p.m .. 

NORTH CAROLINA 
DANCE THEATER 

January 27, Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 
GA. $10.50, Stu. $6.50, Fac/Staff/Sr. $8.50 

AMERICAN BALLET 
COMEDY 

February 21 , Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
G.A. $9.00, Stu. $5 .00, Fac/Staff/Sr. $7.00 

NORMAN COUSINS 
March 8 , Friday, 7:30 p .m. 

Free passes must be obtained in advance 

G.A. $13.00, Stu. $5.50 
January 24, Thursday, 7:30 p.m. 

GA. $6.00, Stu. $4 .00, Fac/ Staff/Sr. $5.00 

KODO - DEMON DRUMMERS 
& DANCERS OF SADO 

January 30, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
G.A. $12.00, Stu. $8.00, Fac/Staff/Sr. $10.00 

ROVASAXOPHONE 
QUARTET 

February 22,. Friday, 8:00 p .m. Mand.B-210 
GA. $5.00, Stu. $3.00, Fac/Staff/Sr. $4.00 

THEATRE FLAMENCO 
April 12, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 

G.A. $9.00, Stu'. $5 .00, Fac/ Staff/Sr. $7.00 

DELL'ARTE PlAYERS 
COMPANY 

January 25, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
G.A. $7.00 , Stu. $5.00, Fac/ Staff/Sr. $6.00 

THE CHIEFTAINS 
February 13, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 

G.A. $10.00, Stu. $6.00, Fac/Staff/Sr. $8.00 

ALBAN BERG 
STRING QUARTET 

February 26, Tuesday, 8:00 p.m. 
G.A. $13.00, Stu. $5.50 

KURT VONNEGUT 
April 24, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. Main Gym 
GA. $8.00, Stu.·$5 .00, Fac/ Staff/ Sr. $7.00 

Jan. 17, 1985 Hianu 7 



God wants you to write for Hiatus 
But even more important than that, W[ want you to write for 
/1iatus, that sporty arts magazine on campus. No experience 
necessary, Just interest. If you fancy movies, lV, drama, rock, 
dance, jazz, books, performance art or anything else vaguely 
resembling arts and entertainment, then we want to hear from 
you. If you are a new student or a returning veteran this Is your 
chance to get involved. No obligation and a complete money-
back guarantee. Who ya gonna' call? 

Ask for: 
Andrew Keeler 

452-3466 

I. G. C. C. 

Third and Final Phase 
TIiE 

PINES OF LA JOLLA 
1.0 101/0 S(,II I)(( '('Z('S Clnci ElImp"OIl /will(j 
(OWSS you (1/ II)(' Pi/lt's 0/ 1.(1.10//0. Pools. spoS. 
SO(I/IOS (/tlci ((IcC/uel/l(/1/ courret1rt'f/(lil1 you. 
l : tI("hClnt/IlO troliol1 WIfr/('I1S. s c ulpture'." . 
/O(lnt(llt18 on(/ ('oUf/j./(/r(/s rC'i(fX ~J()lI F:ump('(If) 
('(/1 Iltl<'t ~J (mil other (/ecof(ltor (eoturC's W{'/(,Ollll' 

~J')([ '0 !lollr 011( ' or',wo I wciroom hotll<' visi! our 
Solt's Celll!'r IO(/(f!-l. 

I 
N 

and 

Pri('es & t(,rms 
subJc('l 10 c hange 

without notlcc. 

@l':~TY 

(Institute on Global Conflict (Academic Internship 
and Cooperation) Program J 

JOIN IN OFFERING 
INTERNSHIPS IN WASHINGTON, D.C. 
with such groups as the ARMS CONTROL ASSOCIATION, 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF 

SCIENCE, ARMS CONTROL AND DI~RMAMENT AGENCY, etc. 

L...--U~_fTS_N_~_:_~_~_E_~'rr~ '---_~_~_~_O_~_S_'~_G _ ___'I L-1_YEAR_O_FFE_RO_R_~_~_D_.....J 
Be a part of major national security and arms control research 

and education projects. 
Contact the ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP OFFICE at 406 W.C. 

for more information. 452-4355. 
8 Hiatul Jan. 17. 1985 

Girls on 
vinyl and 
beyond 
The Girls Can't Help It 
Various Artists 
Rhino Records 

Bv MIKEL TOOMBS 
Last year was a good . one for 

women rockers, although you 
wouldn't know it from the 
nominations for Best Female Rock 
Vocal in the 19&4 Grammy Awards. 
Once past token talent Tina Turner, 
the list dives to Bonnie Tyler, whose 
shtick is strictly bad Rod Stewart (if 
that isn't redundant), and the multi~ 
talentless Pia Zadora, previously 
known for her "acting" (Santa Claus 
Conquers the Maniaru; others). 

Rounding out the field of five are 
two heavy metal priestesses, former 

Records 
Runaway Uta Ford (7) and erstwhile 
Plasmatic Wendy O. Williams (!), 
who is from the Texas Chainsaw 
Massacre School of Vocalizing. 

A much better place to look for 
worthwhile women is The Girls Can't 
Help It, a superb compilation of 
modern "girl group" sounds. The 
album is understandably biased 
toward L.A. women, but it also 
includes all~female bands from New 
York and Scotland (Sophisticated 
Boom Boom: great name-from a 

Shangri~La's song-and accents, 
although its song isn't too much). 

Featured among the lucky 13 
selections are a couple of tributes to 
the Father of the Girl Group Sound, 
Phil Spector-one's a Spectorized 
version of Jackie DeShannon's (and 
the Searchers') "Each Time;" the 
other a great, suried~up cover of the 
Crystals' "Little Boy." Jane Bond 
and the Undercover Men's "Run to 
Him." meanwhile, "suffers from 

continued on palle 9 

Singin' sweetly for the King 
The annual Martin Luther King 

commemorative concert, initiated 
by UCSD pianist Cecil Lytle, will be 
celebrated Monday. The tenth 
anniversary performance will be at 8 
pm in Mandeville Auditorium on 
the day now declared a national 
holiday in King's honor. 

The UCSD Gospel Choir is 
directed by Reverend Glenn Jones, 
and features soprano Gwendolyn 
Lytle. Cecil Lytle will also join 
various guest speakers and other 

Girls 
amtinued {rom IJG«e 8 

Shangfr~la's damage" (as the liner 
notes put it), with the Bangles 
arguing the merits of fidelity with 
Bond (aka Usa Mitchell). 

Even better are the lovely "Seed of 
Love," by Seattle's Dynette Set, and 
fonner San Diegan Laura Zambo's 
"Patience." The lyrics for the latter 
are by Barry Alfonso, the one-time 
Guardian scribe, who was no doubt 
inspired to spell out the title by Elvis 
Costello's version of "I Stand 
Accused" (it certainly wasn't Hall 
and Oates' insipid "Method of 
Modern Love"). 

The best thing here, though, is 
Wednesday Weelc's "You Wanted 
Me to Hang Around." The catchy, 
yet intelligent, lyrics by Gary 
Valentine (ex-Blondie bassist) are 
offset by the crude pop guitars of the 
group, which has obviously been 
influenced by New Hampshire's 
semi-legendary Shaas (the teenage 
sisters-Wednesday Week is 
similarly led by two sisters-who 
over a decade ago established 

. themselves as the Grandma Moseses 
of girl bands). Wednesday Week 
also has a good EP-unfortunately, 
it pales beside "Hang Around" -out 
on Warfrat Records whose best song 
is called "I Hate Lying to Mom" (the 
record is Betsy's Howe, from a line in 
that song. 

Dingo Boingo 
tix sold-out 

artists in paying tribute to one of the 
great humanitarians. 

To further keep King's ideals 
before the youag, Lytle also 
established a MLK scholarship. This 
award goes to young students who 
manifest some of King's qualities of 
courage, concern, and sense of 
responsibility . Proceeds of the 
concert will be applied to this 
scholarship fund. Admission is $1 
for students and $3 ji(eneral 
admission. 

,i===MOVIE GUIDE======il 
Center Cinemu 3 
1·8 at Stadium Way. Miuion Valley 
297-1888 

FlamingO Kid, Ghoullies. Sumnan 
Cinema 21 
Hotel Circle. MiNion Valley at 1-8 
291· 2121 

The KiLling Fie/dJ 
Cinerama 
5889 University Ave. 
58)..6201 

&>erl, HillJ Cop 
Clairemont 
4140 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
27+-0901 

Part, Animal / Terminaler PIl,ple 
Rain/ Red Dawn 
Cove 
7730 Girard Ave. 
459·5404 

Cal 
Fuhion Valley .. 
110 Fashion Valley 
291 ..... 04 

[Nne. Cil, Heal. The Cotton Club, 
Prococol 
Fine Arb 
1818 Garnet Ave. 
274-4000 

The Gods MIlSI Be CTau 
The Guild 
3827 Fifth Ave. 
295-2000 . 

StTanger Than Paradise 

La Jolla Vm .. e of 
8879 Villa La JoUa Dr. 
453-7831 

Scannan, Micki tmd Maude. &lerl, Hills 
Cop, Flamingo Kid 

l.oma 
3150 Roaecrans 
22+33+4 

Beverl, Hills Cop 

Sporta Arena 6 
3350 SportS Arena Blvd. 
223·5333 

Tuff Tllrf. Cit, Heal /Dune, Night 
Pal,ol /Te,minalo" Prolocol , Johnn, 
DangerOlUI,. Starman, Micki and Maude 

United Artiata GI_houae 6 
Glasshouse Square 
223·25046 

Flamingo K id, The Cotton Club. 
Amadells, P,olOcol, Dune, Jo hnn, 
DangerOlUI, 

Valley Circle Mission Valley Center 
West 
297·3931 

:1010 

Univenity Towne Center 6 
4525 La JoUa Village Dr. 
452·7766 

PrlXocol. The Rillei', City Httll IN ight 
Patrol. The Cotton Club. Dune, TIuu's 
Dancing 

Please Recycle This Newspaper 

: Tickets for the January 26 concert 
of Dingo Boingo in the UCSD 
Gymnasium have been 8Old-out. 
There will not be a second show 
added at UCSD, but another 
performance may be scheduled at a 
different venue in town. Stay tuned 
for further details. 

STARTS JANUARY 18th AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 
9 Hicacau Jan. 17, 1985 



WITES 
I:ClAL f 

1 It JOHN L1TIIGO"'. 
'TH AT 8:00PM! 

'IOITORIUM 

Hollywood tsneaks' onto UCSD ' 
By ROBBIE LEONE 

Students are traditionally grand 
movie watchers. Students are also 
traditionally poor. Thus, they 
(students) at UCSD tend to view 
movies either before 5 pm, or on 
Tuesdays. 

Since about a year ago,sneak 
previews, movies shown before the 
San Diego commercial theaters 
obtain them, for free, have been a 
feature of the University Events 
programing. Ruth Baily, UEO's 
program promotion manager, and 
the student body are enjoying the 
success of sneak previews on 
campus. These include Silkwood, 
Footloose, Under Fire , The Little 
Drummer Girl, All of Me, Police 
Academy, and last Monday's The 
Killing Fields. 

According to Baily, films that ma y 
be previewed this quarter include 
The Falcon and the Snowman , with 
Timothy Hutton and featuring a 
score by David Bowie and Pat 
Metheny; a film with Hutton and 
Robert Culp called Turk 182, and 
Creator , with Muriel Hemingway and 
Peter O'Toole. The above list is 
subject to change without notice. 

Baily is enthusiastic about sneak 

previews, as opposed to renting 
second run movies. First of all, it's 
cheaper. As Baily pointed out, the 
film is usually free (instead of paying 
$400 or 50% of gross ticket sales, as 
one must to show many second run 
films) . Sometimes the agency 
through which the films are obtained 
also pays for the rental of Mandeville 
Audi tori urn ($38 a n hour) as well as 
the announcements in the Guardian 
and the banner on the Main Gym. 
Also, more students seem able to 
find time to see a free film than a 
second run film for $2. 

Another point Baily likes is 
"seeing the film before the reviews 
are out." Judging by the response to 
sneak previews (usually all the sneak 
preview passes are distributed from 
the box office the day the 
announcement appears in the 
Guardian, although many of these 
people often don't show up at the 
movie), many students feel the same 
way. 

The way this sudden spurt of 
sneak previews occurred is revealing 
for those interested in the nuts and 
bolts of Hollywood. "Once the word 
got out that we had a theater with 
35mm oroiectors, we've had a lot. 

ttcntlon I tudcntllntera n 
Enrolling In Physics 10, Spring, 1915 

If you plan to enroll in Physics 10, which will be taught 
during the Spring Quarter, Physics 9 (1 unit)-Elementary 
Quantitative Methods-is a required prerequisite. Physics 9 
Is being offered on Tuesday and Thursday, 1:00 pm to 5:50 pm 
(self-paced), USB 2410. You may be dropped from Physics 10 if 
you have not completed Physics 9, or do not successfully pass 
an equivalency test given the nrst week of classes during the 
Spring Quarter. Also, Physics 5 (The Sides) is being offered 
Winter Quarter for this year only. 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We would like to int roduce to you our 
new and talented hair designer, 

Laurie 
Women $10, reg. $25 
Men $8, reg. $19 
For appointment. plea~e call 457-2930. 
8950 VIlla La Jolla Or .. ~ulte 2120. La Jolla 
(behmd EI Tonto & I-1ode<J ' dIrectly acr()!'s the ramp) .. 

Jan. 17, 1985 Hiatw 10 

We used to have one a year or one a 
quarter, and now we have four or 
five a quarter," said Baily. 

Baily also revealed one of the great 
dreams of UEO, one that may be 
accomplished this quarter. "Each 
week we'd have a sneak," she said, if 
all goes well. 

The source for all these sneak 
preview films are a variety of West 
Coast movie studios and public 
relations firms. Baily feels that movie 
makers and sellers are paying more 
attention to the college market, and 
San Diego has for many years been a 
favored spot to sneak preview 
movies and test the audience's 
reactions. 

Sometimes the best part of the 
film is not the film itself, but rather 
the things that are being given away 
to help attract people. When 
Christine was shown, posters, 
keychains, bumperstickers and first 
aid kits were given away by the 
studio. Another heavily covered 
movie was Police Academy, where the 
studio gave away T ~hirts and 
whistles. Several hundred whistles. 
The din was indescribable. 

Police Academy, because of the 
whistles, was one sneak preview that 

will be remembered by UEO staff. 
Another was Hanna K, a movie 
obtained not through some studio, 
but through the Committee for 
World Democracy (CWO), which 
telephoned the director, Costa~ 
Garvas. and asked for the film, 
which had already been pulled from 
theatrical release. The "sneak 
preview," the first and poesibly the 
only big screen shOwing of the film in 
San Diego, was overcrowded, even 
though there were two showings of 
the film. The RetuIer apparently had 
informed most of San Diego about 
the film, but forgot to state that 
passes were required. 

Although in many cases there has 
been extra room in the Mandeville 
Auditorium for passless people to 
see sneak previews, sometimes 
people are left in the cold. The only 
wa y to assure entry is with a sneak 
preview pass, which can be obtained 
from the box office in the Student 
Center. 

For advance information on sneak 
preview titles and dates, consult the 
advertisements in the Guardian, 
banners in front of the Main Gym, 
the UEO Calendar (you should find 
one in EDNA) and wild rumors. 

THE FUTURECOPV PLACE 
WELCOMES BACK 

STUDENTS a FACULTY 

4 1/z( 
Self Service Copies 

Mon.· Thurs. a am· e pm 
fri. a am • 6 pm 

Sot. 10 am ·5 pm 
Sun. 12 noon· 5 pm 

THE FunJRECOPV PlACE 

- Goings on 
Opening tonight for one 

week at the Ken Theater in 
Kensington Is Yoshimitsu 
Morita's comedy, The 
Family Game, a hysterical 
look at Jampanese modern 
life. San Diego Premiere. 283~ 
5909. 

II' 11' 11' 

Tonight at the Belly Up in 
Solana Beach will be J. Geils 
soundalikes, Jack Mack and 
the Heart Attack, who use 
the word "party" more than 
anyone else on this planet. 
Joining them will be locals 5 
Lines Up. For any 
information or questions on 
Jack Mack's astrological sign, 
call 481~9022. 

* * * For those who prefer the 
symphony rather than 
"partying," Antony Pay 
joins the San . Diego 
Symphony Orchestra as 
conductor and featured 
clarinet soloist tonight and 
tomorrow night at the Civic 
Theatre, and on Jan. 19 at the 
East County Performing Arts 
Center. Please, no screams of 
"party," that was at the Belly 
Up. Tickets by Teleseat. 239~ 
9721. 

* * * The Magnificent 8osen~ 
dorfer Grand Piano Series 
features piano virtuoso Gary 
Chow, Sunday, Jan. 20, at 3 
pm in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. Proceeds from 
these concerts go toward 
scholarships for gifted young 
musicians who wish to attend 
UCSO. Tickets are available 
at the box office and 
Ticketron. 452#3229. 

Check it out 

Today'. Woman. Soprano Carol Plantamura, who 
just returned from a tou'_' of Europe, will be featured 
Friday in "Women Composers of Today." This concert 
showcases works by UCSD women composers. On tap 
will be "Trio for Winds" by Pauline Oliveros, 
"Iridescence" for 7 wind instruments by Yung son, Margo 
Simmons' "Remembrance for Brass Septet," Nancy 
Briggs' "Excerpts from Monstrum I" and 
"Improvisations" by Karen Wimhurst. The show is at 8 
pm in Room 8210 in Mandeville. It is free and open to the 
public. 452~3229. 

* * * Tuesday, University Events 
presents Nicholas Ray's 1950 
"film~noir" masterpiece In a 
Lonely Place, starring 
Humphrey Bogart and Gloria 
Grahame. Second in the 
Annual lnternational Film 
Series, tickets are at the box 
office and Ticketron. 452~ 
4559. 

* * * The salty old country 
crooner, Willie NellOn, will 
wander into town and playa 
few tunes Tuesday. The good 
times will be had at Golden 
Hall. Tickets are available at 
the usual outlets. 483~339. 

* * * The Auodated Comm .. 
unty Theatr"el are seeking 
applicants for theit judging 
program. ACT judges view 
and rate all member theatre's 
productions to d,·termine 
winners of the orga lization's 
annual Aubrey Awrrds. Call 
Jacquie Day at 427~~334. 

* * * The ever~popu l ar 3'. 
Company & Dancen will 
present a performance by 
soloist Dianne Brace~ 
Kennedy and Kate Harrison in 
choreography by Jean Isaacs 
and others. The shows are 
January 26 and 27 at 8 pm at 
3225 Fifth Avenue. 296~ 
9523. 

* * * Andrew Friedenberl, 
director of the new Cinema 
Society of San Diego will talk 
about "An Inside View of the 
Motion Picture Industry" on 
January 25 at 10 am. The 
public is invited to this lecture 

in Room lilA of the UCSD 
Administrative Complex. 

452~3409. 
* * * In conjunction with the 

"Photography In California: 
1945~ 1980" exhibit, the 
Museum of Photographic 
Arts will be having a series of 
lectures. The first speaker will 
be Ruth Bernhard on 
Wednesday, Jan. 23 at 7:30 
pm. The museum is located in 
Balboa Park. 239~5262. 

* * * An exhibition of the 
photography of Norman 
Cou.ins opens JanU<lry 21 at 
the Mingei International 
Museum at UTe. There will 
be an opening reception with 
Norman Cousins this Sunday 
from 5 to 7 pm. 

* * * University Events presents 
The Emerson StrinE 

~rtet in the Mandeville 
Auditorium tomorrow night. 
Tickets for this concert 
performance are available at 
the UCSD box office and all 
Ticketron outlets. 452~4559. 

* * * 
A · big disappointment for 

this one's entertainment 
calendar has been the 
cancella tion of the Rain 
Parade ("we aren't about the 
sixties" what?) this Saturday 
at JerrY("rotate those 
bands" )Herrera 's Spirit Club. 
While this show has been 
rebooked next month, this 
Saturday will feature a 91X 
showcase of its album 
winners. Just remember, they 
hold your ID up to the light at 
this club. 276~3993. 

ALL YOU CAN EAT 
SPAGHETrI 

'" ~ 
~ 
1 {'(\ f ~ 

c .E 
)."r·'O>·'I1'.,1 

Witll Marinara Sauce $199 ~ery Monday All Day 
B.J:s Pizzeria 
8873 VIDa La Jolla Dr. 
La Jolla, CA. 92037 
455-0662 
A=:::;~----1985 FEDERATlON-----;=:a 

UNITED JEWISH APPEAL STUDENT CAMPAIGN 

KICK-OFF 
SEMI-FORMAL 

COCKTAIL PARTY 
Saturday, January 19, 9:00 pm 

AT THE NORTH OlY BRANCH OF THE JCC, EASTGA TE MALl ROAD 
(BElWEEN REGENTS ROAD AND GENESEE) 

Join us for a special evening of great music and dancing, fabulous 
refreshments, superb company, and an opportunity to learn about 

7140 ~ RD., SAN DIEGO ONLY! 
the 1985 Student Campaign. 

11 H""," Jan. 17, 1985 



TONIGHT. Thursday. January 17 9 pm 
Tickets available at Belly Up and Tlcketmaster 

10 men on a mission 

JACK MACK & THE 
HEART AlTACK 

and guests 
AU STAR 

STEEL BAND 

Sunday. January 20 
SOPER SONDAY - 3 GIANT SCREENS - DRINK/FOOD SPECIAL 

8 pm· 12 am Harpist on fIo4cCartney/ Jackson's " Say. Say. Say" 

IIAlV1ER SMITH 
Monday. January 21 9 pm 

1'lARDELS 
Tuesday. January 22 9:30 pm 

Reggae music with 
INTERNATIONAL 

REGGAE 
ALL * STARS 

Coming: nd 
January 31-SIVE LIJIIES UP. DIJU( DEIIONAIItE a 

ELECftiC tIOfIB 
February 5- EEa A IIOOSE and IlIACI( SHEEP 
February 7-QIIEEJII mA 

February 13- WAYNE.JOIIIIISOft TIIIO 
February 17- AUAJII HOUMnfOIlTII 
February 21 - JIUGIITY .JOE YOUNG 
February 24 - DAVID ClAYTOR ~ 

& BLOOD. SWEAT & • ....-

MONDAY NIGHT 6-8 .. IS 
99( "BUILD YOUR OWN TOSTADA JUGJrr'-

Includes beans. rice and all the toppings A current video movie 
will be showing during the special. 

I'ItD AFrEIIJIIOOIII COIICEIn'S 
HAPPY HOUR PRICES 7 DA VS A WEEK TO 7 PM 

Friday. 5:30 pm·8 pm- CIUCAGO SIX 
Wednesday. 6 pm-8:30 pm- STONE'S THROW 

THE BElLY UP CAFE-NOW OPEN 
Yes. we finally got our restaurant reopened and under our management .. . 

great food .. . check it o~.1 

FORINFOIUlA110N CAU.481·902Z 
Jan. 17, 1985 Hicahu 12 

MAKING DECISIONS EASIIR 
Family Planning Associates M edical Group's professiona l concerned 
stoff can give you the support you need when making decisions 
about your personal health core needs. Call today for on immediate 
appointment. 

• FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
with results while you wait 

• GENERAL or LOCAL ANESTHESIA 
for unplanned pregnancy 

• AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 

• GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 

I'iIr.T-1 fAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 
..... MEDICAL GROUP 

San Diego 
(619) 287-8226 

---------Januarv 10 &. II~--~------GRADU~AACT~~ UC~TMat. ~~ 
------~~];~~---- UI~rvll 12 ---,--------~~-

DEAR UAR .d"l , ty 
MANDEVILLE c\fJ.SV'. 8 pm $4.00 

-------Januarv 30 .. Februarv 2 at 8 pm--------
Febnaary 8 &. 9 at 8:30 pm 

TENNESSEE WILLIAMS ONE"ACTS 
''1Ru Property u Condemned" and 

uT.alk to Me Like the Rain and 
Let Me Luten •.. " 

STUDIO THEATRE. Building 409 $2.00 

---'------Februarv 13 &. March 11--------
NEW PLAY READINGS 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL 5:00 pm Free 

--------Febnaary 6-10 &. 1+17 --------
THE POSSESSED-a new adaptation 

of Dostoyewky" fl(Wel 
8 f1m/7 f1m Sunda, $5·0c>-$8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

----------March 1 &. 2---------..... 
NECROPOLIS-Performance Art 1. . 

MANDEVILLE RECITAL HALL B f1m 
$3.00 (Students free at door on space-amilable basis) 

--------Marc:h S, 7,9, 13, IS, &. 17-------
GRADUATE REPERTORY 

SHACHIAPANG: A Work in PrOlf"est 
-and-

March 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, &. 16 
FROZEN ASSETS by Dame Keeffe 
8 pm/7 f1m Sunda, $.5.00 each/two for $8.00 

MANDELL WEISS CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 

• 

---------March 14 at 1:00 pm---------
March IS &. 16 (Time TBA) 

HAMLET Project. Di'f'ecte4 by Eric Chriltmas. 
UCSD Theatre Free 

---------Mid .. Man:h (TBA)-----__ _ 
GRADUATE DESIGN EXHIBIT 

MANDEVILLE EAST ROOM (Across from Auditorium) Free 
CALL 452-4574 FOR TICKETS AND INFORMATION. 

Ticlceu aWJilable at Weia Center Ticket Office 
and UnitJer.ity Et.tmu Box Office. 


