
An Ugly Story 
By Michele Kitko 

UC5D students, professors, 
ad ministIators , and employees awoke 
one morning last Spring to find 
hundreds of red paisleys spray-
painted across their campus. In the 
early morning hours of March 6 an 
estimated 14 persons calling 
themselves the "United Paisley Army" 
covered university buildings, signs 
and pavement with 300 to 400 
paisley motifs and assoned slogans. 
One paisley was even painted on the 
top step leading into the police 

station. "The paisley escapade" cost 
the University $8000 in clean-up. 

Three months later, Leanne Okada, 
a 21-year-old psychology major at 
UC5D, was sentenced by the State of 
California for her role in the affair. 
Okada was arrested after investigators 
located a reimbursement request she 
had submitted to UCSD's radio 
station KSDT for a $3.18 stencil; the 
testimony by a police officer who 
eyewitnessed Okada on campus on 

SPORTS: 
UCSD GUARDIAN 

New writer's meeting this 
Friday at 3 pm. All 
students are incouraged 
to attend. 

• Busy night for AS 
PAGE 2 

The former Nationa' 
VoUtybaU Champs 
hit rough times 

PAGE 12 

• New birth control pill 
PAGE) 

• Bloom County 



2 Thursday. OC/ober J. 1985 
NEWS 

Speakers available 
More than 100 members of the 

University of California . San 
Diego' campus community are 
available to speak on more than 
200 different topicS through the 
UCSD Speakers Bureau. The 
ubjects cover a wide range 

including histoty. politics. 
science, SpOrtS, computrrs and 
the arts. Among the most popular 
topiCS are stress management 
and physical fitness. 

Participants, who speak 
without charge, include faculty, 
administrators, graduate students 
and staff. A brochure listing 
speakers and their topics is 
available from the UCSD public 
information office, Q-036, La 
Jolla. CA, 92093 , or by calling 
(619)452-3120 . Any group 
looking for a speaker should 
notify the public information 
office at least three weeks in 
advance of the speaking date . 

Individuals are available to talk 
about the UCSD campus 
including a discussion of 
"Undergraduate Education at 
UCSD," and the "Development 
and Character of UCSD " 

In the area of stress 
management, peaker can 
address such topiCS as "How to 
Manage and Handle tress ," 
"Assertiveness Traming," and 
"Self-Hypnosis for Habit 
Control." 

Groups interested In learnmg 
more ab6ut physical fitness can 
choose from many topics 
including "Middle Age Begins at 24: "PhYSical Fitness and 
Nutrition," and "Physical Fitness 
for Executives ." 

Another popular subject is 
astronomy, having several 

, expertS available to discuss a 
variety of topics, among the 
·Comets," ·Space Exploration ," 
and ·Our Extraterrestrial 
Environment ." 

UCSD director of 
community 
safety is appointed 

John Anderson , who served as 
acting community safety director 
for the University of California, 
San Diego campus for nineteen 
months, was appointed director 
in June after a six-month search , 
a universi ty release said . 

Anderson assumed 
responsibility for the position in 
September 1983, when fonner 
Chief of Campus Police Hugh 
French left the post because of 
illness. "There was an extensive 
search for the Job ," Anderson 

~ 

said. "It is a rule that all 
management position are open 
for search." The ex-Marine 
transferred to the UC 0 ampus 
pohce force in 1982 from UC 
San Francisco's force , where he 
had worked for four years. Pnor 
to his Job at UCSF, Anderson 
worked from 1969 to 1978 with 
the UC Berkeley campus police 
department . 

The UCSD appointment 
Illcorporates three areas of 
supervision, Ander on said, 
Including environmental health 
and safety, campus parking 
operations and transportation 
services. These areas have a 
combmed staff of 119 people . 
The community safety director 
also serves as chief o( campus 
police, with a staff of 22 sworn 
officers . 

The UCSD police force is a 
24-hour response service that 
serves 4.000 students who live 
on campus and a population 
which exceeds 27,000 during the 
work week. 

President's Fellowship 
Program 

The UniverSity of Califorma IS 
accepti ng applications for a 
second year of the Presldent's 
Fellowship Program. 

The program, which is 
designed to prOVide 
opportunities for women and 
ethniC mmonties who hope to 
become faculty members. will 
award more than $500,000 to 
approximately 20 postdoctoral 
year students, according to a 
University release. 

The fellowships are available 
to women and minorities 
pursuing careers in diSciplines in 
which they are 
underrepresented . Preference will 
be given to applicants in 
business, engineering, computer 
sciences, mathematics and the 
physical and life sciences. But 
applications also will be 
considered from other 
diSCiplines, according to Program 
Coordinator Doris Fine. 

Fine said stipends will range 
from $22,000 to $28.000, with 
money also available for travel 
and research. The program is 
funded by the university. 

Fine noted that the purpose of 
the program is to combat a 
serious lack of female and ethnic 
minority faculty members at uc. 
Although their proportion is 
slowly increasing, women 
currently comprise JUSt 12.5 
percent and ethnic minorities 
only 10.4 percent of ladder rank 

FFOGgy Friday 

faculty at Uc. 
Fine said thaI hesldes 

proViding funds, the program 
also hnks the fellows with a 
facullY memor. who can be 
important III helpmg them 
understand the ropes of the 
profession. Among other things, 
faculty mentors can gUide 
potential scholars m learnmg 
how to present themselves and 
their work, meet faculty 
colleague s, and write gram 
proposals , she said. 

Fine said the postdoctoml 
stipends have been increased 
from $21 ,000 offered this year 
"to make it more comperilivf 
and to attract people III the so-
called hi-tech disciplines who 
other.vise might accept oITers 
from private industry." 

In addition, she said, a 
deCision was made to oITer the 
gram money only 10 postdoctoral 
students rather than dividing it 
betll.'Cen postdoctoral and 
dissertation year fellows, as was 
done this year. 

Big Creek Reserve 
burned 

Almost 4,000 acres - virtually 
all of the University of 
California's Landeis-Hill Big 
Creek ReselVe - was burned in 
the Rat Creek fire on the coast 
near Big Sur in July, a university 
release said. . 

The heavily forested Big Creek 
Reserve , located about 50 miles 
south of Monterey, is one of the 
most diverse reser.'es in the UC 
!>ystem with more than 32 
distinct habitats, accordmg to 
Roger amuelsen, director of the 
Natural ReselVe ystem. It is used 
extensively as an outdoor 
laboratory for undergraduate 
teaching. 

At least TWO small residences 
housing a caretaker, library and 
laboratory were destroyed. No 
one was injured. "The fire was 
started by lightning. That's pan 
of nature. and that is what we 
study," said Samuelsen. "In time, 
Big Creek will recover and 
important studies will be 
undeluken in the process." 

Big Creek, one of 26 such 
reserves in the Natural Reserve 
System scattered through om the 
state, was acquired by the 
University in 1978 in 
cooperation with the Nature 
Conservancy and the Save-the-
Redwood League . Last year, 
almost 500 people from UC and 
other institutions used the 
reserve for instruction and 
research in the natural sciences. 

The reserve system is 
complised of more than 84,000 
acres that include representative 
samples of many of California's 
most beautiful habitats. The 
reserves serve as "classrooms 
without walls· for instructors, 
researchers and students. 

Fall Festival On the Green will take place tomorrow south oj the gym. Dozens oj student 
organizations will have inJormation and sign-up tables, gaming booths and Jood stands. One 
annually popular event at FFOG is the banana split eating contest,featuring a hundred Joot 
(or so) long banana split. A team Jrom the Guardian won the event last year. FFOG will 
begin at 11 am and end at J pm. There will also be a TGIF in Jront oj the gym at 4 pm 
featuring Blonde Bruce. ThLs will be the first TG under the new campus alcohol policy, which 
will require the presence oj an alternative beverage, an alcohol boundary and sponsorship by 
companies other than just one which will provide the Jree beer. 

AS convenes 
By RACHEL FREIFELDER 

The first AS council meeting of 
the 1985-86 school year 
convened with dedications to a 
long. dry quaner and to Student 
Ccenter Board Representative 
Rob Lewis' apocryphal marriage. 

Council announcements 
revealed that, due to AS Advisor 
Randy Woodard's statement that 
"Revelle Plaza is becoming like a 
mall," vendors will be barred 
from campus unless sponsored 
by a student organization. Each 
vendor is limited to three days 
per quarter. Several 
councilmembers were concerned 
that the campus not lose the 
services of "the flower lady." The 
council will discuss giving this 
vendor the status of an AS 
enterprise so that she may 
remain on campus. 

A committee has formed to 
plan on-campus cooperative 
housing. A measure was also 
raised to approve the general 
concept of a new coffee house to 
be added to the Craft Center. 
The measure passed 
unanimously after a brief 
explanation by President Maty 
Rose Alexander. The AS wiU pay 
only for materials and all 
construction will be done by 
Craft Center workers. Thereafter 
all profits will be shared equaUy 
by the AS and the Craft Center. 
Alexander expects the cafe to be 
completed by the eighth week of 
this quarrer and to open by 
January. "We wanted to have 
something nice for students 
before the big University Center 
is built," said Alexander. "I can't 
imagine anyone objecting at least 
to the concept." Next week the 
council wiD discuss a 
construction contract for the AS 
Cafe. 

The council will spend just 
under 5500 to print 5000 
bumper stickers 
proclaiming,"Alcohol and 
Driving: A Crash Diet" These 
will serve the dual purpose of 
publicizing the AS and , 
according to Alexander, 
.... adding to alcohol education 
on campus, which has been one 
of our ongoing goals." There was 
debate as to whether such a large 
sum should be aDocated without 
the usual one-week review 
period, but the motion passed 
18-2. "The sooner we save 
someone's life, the better," said a 
councilmemher. 

The Co-ops and Enterpri es 
Board requested $390 to send 
four representatives to a 
statewide cooperative conference 
at UC DaVIS . Herzog and C&E 
member Barham Lloyd explatned 
that stud ent c Joperatlves from all 

UC campuses as weD as several 
non-student coDectives 
panicipare in this conference to 
compare and improve the 
functioning of their respective 
groups. Uoyd said that it is very 
important that C&E attend and 
that after this first attendance, 
the UCSD co-ops will be part of 
the California Cooperative 
Federation, which will enable 
their representatives to attend 
annuaUy at no cost. 

In other council news, the 
Women's Resource Center and 
the Alternative Visions feminist 

Continued from page 7 

Editor in Chief 
Phil Willon 

Managing Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

News Editor 
Sean Wagstaff 

Opinions Editor 
Matthew Cronin 

Copy Editor 
SheUy Simmons 
Features Editor 
Renee Wenrick 
Sports Editor 
John Schachl 

Arts Editor 
Mikel Toombs 

Associate Arts Editor 
Alicia Agos 

Photo Editor 
John Ashlee 

Advertising Manager 
Jan Hansen 

OffICe Manager 
Shcndl Diamond 

Thr UCSD Guardian is published 
Mondays and Thursdays from 
Srptemhrr through J unt, eliciudiJl& 
examination and holiday periods. 
The GWiniian is published 01' thr 
SludenlS, by the SludentS, and for the 
students of the University of 
California , ~an Diego. Views 
expressed do nOl represent the 
opinions of thr Regents 01' the 
University of California or the 
Associated 31udcnts 01' UCSD. 

Reproduclion or .. hrr use of any 
ponion of this newspaper without 
prior consrnt is strictly folbiddcn . 
e l98 5, all ril!hts reserved. 

1 he Guard,an welcome 
submlSoSions of manu.cnpt, and 
artwork , bUI a;sumc. no 
respon ... ib,luy 1M ,heir I1:tum. Our 
office; arc louted on Ihe UGD 
c.lmpu., ,outh.,.,>! 01 Revelle o llege. 
The Businc,s Office " open 9· I 2 and 
, . ., w«kda}s ~ubo,cnpllon' All' 
AV~llablc b)' ma,1 for $15 per 
academiC 'luaner 

UCSD Medical Center 
testing once-a-month pill 
By DENNIS WOO 

FORTY WOMEN volunteers are being sought by the UCSD MedIcal 
Center to test a drug that may be 
used as the first once-a-month 
birth control pill. 

The study is currently the 
main project for the Department 
of Reproductive Medicine at the 
UCSD Medical Center. 

Implantation of a fentltzed egg 
does not occur. 

When asked about possible 
side effects of RU486, Dr. Steven 
Moms said that the progesterone 
hormone IS similar to contzol 
which IS released by the adrenal 
gland . In high doses. the drug 

on with their pregnancies and 
suffered no apparent ill-effects 
from the drug." 

Although a good number of 
volunteers have responded for 
[he UCSD study. the number of 
qualIfied apphcants have been 
few. Garzo said . Healthy women 

The Umversity of Southern 
California and the Population 
Council in New York are also 
conducting experiments, but 
UCSD IS the primary study 
center for RU486 in the United 
States according to Dr. Gabriel 
Garzo, one of several members 01 
the research team which is 
testing the effects of the drug. 

RU484 blocks the effect of a hormone within the 
taker's system, rather than introducing 
synthetiC hormones. 

RU486 blocks the effect of a 
hormone withm the taker's 
system, rather than introducing 
synthetic hormones contained in 
currently available birth control 

could possibly "block the 
benefiCial effects of conizol m 
stressful situa tions ." Morris said 
that such high amounts would 
not be administered m the 
experiment at UCSD. 

·Smaller studies of anti-
progesterone have been 
conducted in France," said 

Healthy women between the ages of 18 and 35 
are being asked to participate... Each 
(volunteer) is being paid $1,200. 

pills whIch must be taken daily. 
While the "pill" prevents 
ovulation, the new drug permits 
ovulation but affects the 
progesterone hormones influence 
on the uterine lining so that the 

Morris. When tested on a group 
of women during the first 10 
weeks of their pregnancies, 
"Seventy to 80 percent (of Ihe 
women) lost their pregnancies. 
The re'mainder of the group went 

between the ages of 18 ar..d 35 
are being asked to partiCipate 
Volunteers must have regular 
menstrual cycles, must not have 
used oral contraceptive in the 
past three months, and must be 
"the normal weight for their 
height," Garzo said . Each 
participant is being paid $1 ,200 
for the five-month srudy which 
includes periodic daily blood 
sampling and three separate 24-
hour observations. 

Funds for the UCSD srudy are 
being proVided by the Roussel-
UCLAF pharmaceutical company 
in France which developed and 
first tested the drug. 

The completion date for the 
study is indefinite . Garzo 
stressed that the experiment is 
still in the beginning stages. [3 

f:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UCSD University Events Office presents !!!!!!!!!!!!~~ 

.. 'Second City' is brilliant" 
"'II .\ \\.\/"1 

, 

, I 

UCSD acquires 
Special Collections 
By JULIE SLAGERMAN 

U CSD's Department of Special Collectlons at Central Library has 
recently acquired the worl< 01 
Leo Szilard . The papers of the 
emigre nuclear scientist, known 
for his work in postulating the 
laws governing nuclear cham 
reactions, range from a 
memoranda to patents and 
manuscripts. 

Other prestigious papers in 
the department include those of 

Maria Mayer, a nobel prize-
winning physicist, and Roger 
Revelle , who headed Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and 
has led the development of 
UCSD. The department also 
houses a number of collections 
mcluding the Archive for New 
Poetry, the Hill Collection of 
Pacific Voyages and the 
Southworth Collection which 
specializes III the Spanish Civil 
War. Piease tum to page 7 

UCSD UnlVfH~IlY fvmr~ OHICf PRfSfnTS 
I 

, I 

, , 

.\\ ,11 " 
'I II I," i I 
i / /i, 
I I 

I 

, 

II 
II 
I 

, 'II 

:: /', : I ' I 
, 

II 
, 

" 

An fVfnlnG WIlH Wlnrnmm ~ILL' s 

. , 

, . / , 

Touring 
Company liZ STOR~ & m C~HH ~fDGfS 

October 5, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $7.00, G.A. $10,00 
UCSD Fac/Staff &: Sr.Cit. $8.00 
77OC.,~~. &: UCSD Box Office: 452-6467 

[tToom 9, WfOnfSOO~, 8:00 p.m. 
fThmDf'vlLL f HUDITOHIUm 

UCSD ST. $5.50, G.A. $9.50 
UCSO tHc/SlHH/SR.Cn. $1.50 



\ 
\ 

'. 

Free Paisley's 
Idealistic acts are dangerous in this society, because the pre-requisite of any official 

action is its foundation on a traditional ideal. Cross swords with official ideals in 
pursuit of a personal one and you'll become a martyr. Political acts are dangerous 
because of the pervading presence of politics in every facet of our culture. Every act 
has political ramifications and, depending on the current climate, any act can be used 
by those with power for any reason. This arbitrary domination by political agendas and 
"idealistic" pacifications affects everyone regardless of circumstance. There is no place 
to hide, there is no escape, there is only the bliss and confusion of ignorance. 

Witness the excruCiatingly drawn out punishment of Leann Okada for the dreaded 
Paisley fiasco. It is very easy [or us to say "[ would never do something like that. .. 
what does it accomplish? ... why take the risk when the consequences aren't worth the 
rewards?" because we can see after-the-fact that paisley an is not worth $8000 , two 
quaner suspension, 50 hours of community service, a criminal record , police 
harrassment, drug diversion classes, mandatory counseling, slander, and the 
physical/emotional distress caused by labels like convicted felon, snot-nosed punk, 
uncooperative bitch, etc. For an act of graffiti , no matter on what scale, this 
punishment is more symbolic than just. 

Along the same lines it is very hard for us to ask why an individual, like Leann, who 
acted with prior knowledge that she might be caught and '1usdy" punished, felt the 
need to act outside the bounds of common sense and civil law in pursuit of an ideal. 

Perhaps it is because we are taught from birth appropriate and inappropriate 
actions, and always under the threat of punishment. We learn slowly, if we do 
everything we are told we11 end up in trouble anyway. Contradictions abound in our 
teaching, so we must follow our own will and accept the punishment. Leann sought, 
not to damage propeny, but to give the overworked students something new to react to 
on this habitual, redundant campus. Any reaction meant success to her and she's 
willing to hear it. There is not much difference between her intentions and the 
intentions of socially accepted artists The difference lies with her method, a method 
of art-making which prevails among the disenfranchised , the less SOCially mobile class 
in this country; the poor. It IS a medium of espression unacceptable to those with 
wealth, yet it cannot be confined. In New York City graffltl is becomming high art 
because of its prevalence and, yes. because of its beauty. In this respect Leann and the 
rest of the UPA were making a political statement as well as an aesthetic one. Her 
motivations were in accord with her ideals and her tacit understanding of the possible 
consequences could not deter her actions. 

However, she could hardly expect the unreasonableness of the university'S response. 
Being made into an example meant to deter other student graffiti artists places the 
blame beyond her actions alone. How is she supposed to be prescient to the political 
climate which resulted in the severity of her punishment? This prevailing climate 
places it upon the student body as a whole, because it is in the name of the students 
that she was martyred. Thus once again the administration paternalistically invokes the 
students' best Interest in order to perpetuate official ideals. 

When official punishment exceeds reasonable limits , and extends into the realm of 

A drop in the drink 
You better watch out, you better not try, 
You better not drinlr, I'm teHing you why -
Joe Watson is coming to tOWl!. 

Ho, ho, ho. Meny sobriety. There will be no Jack Daniels nor Wild Turkey in your 
stocking this year, my children; Joe WatsOn of undergraduate affairs says you are tOO 
young and innocent to cast your lips upon that evil drink. But hold tight - once that 
magical 21st birthday rolls your way, you're free to drink 'til you drop. 

Dr. WatsOn's new alcohol policy, enacted over summer break (thus avoiding any 
student protest), parallels the national trend condemning the use of alcohol, evident in 
the recent tax imposed on October 1 on all alcoholic beverages. The policy also follows 
the federal push to raise the drinking age in all 50 states to 21 , combined with the 
threat to cut their federal highway funds. But the policy also reflects the UCSD 
administration'S wish to give the school an image of a hard-working, no-nonsense, 
non-pany institution. . 

The new alcohol policy has two major flaws: it treats college students as though they 
were children, which they are not, and it forces resident advisers in the dorms to act 
as "alcohol police," making it their job to enforce the new restrictions on minors 
possessing a1c~hol in their private donnrooms, or on persons of any age drinking in a 
public or semi-public area. RAs are supposed to be peer counselors - people stUdents 
can trust and come to for help. The new policy will destroy this relationship, making 
the RAs the bad guys - people to avoid in fear of the consequences. 

If the administration feels that alcohol has such an adverse effect on college 
students, why did they stop at banning alcohol only for those under 21? Where is it 
written that turning the legal age makes a person instandy responsible and coherent? 
To erradicate any problem that currently exists, they should close down the Triton Pub, 
ban beer from TGIFs, and make the campus completely dry. But this would have 
caused too much of an uproar, so they decided to only solve as much of the problem 
as student tempers would allow. 

According to Chancellor Atkinson. alcohol will still be served at university functions 
and benefits. We challenge the administration to lead the way in demonstrating 
responsible drinking by ceasing to serve any alcohol at their alumni dinners, 25th 
Anniversary celebrations and various fund raisers. Because the only way to drink 
responsibly is to not drink at all. 

oppression, we, as students, must resist . Further, we must question the background 
actions; the political questiOns and the clashing ideals. Why should students legitimize 
excess punishment when college is the place to make mistakes and learn from them? 
Leann accepts that she made mistakes and she is willing to accept the reasonable 
punishment for committing the act of graffiti, but why should she suffer for reasons 
not within her control? Making reparation and knowing that she will have a 
permanent record for the offense is reasonable, but the drug classes, the mandatory 
counseling, the community service hours, the harrassment, and the slander seemed 
merely to add insult. 

'Disorientation Manual' oriented 
As of last week those students new 10 the lOner struggles of campus politiCS were 

treated to the 1985-86 Disonentatlon Manual, published by the tacitly distraught journal 
new indICator, and reluctandy funded by our pillar of sophomorism, the AS Council. The 
manual touches quite a few bases in its attempt to direct one's anxieties into a clear 
well full of the teardrops of oppression and exclusionism. Trudging through the mud 
and spittle of government and more localized attacks upon the n.i.'s favorite historical 
actors and actresses, the manual presupposes its value in today's struggle. 

Although the manual is a very valuable historical tool to anyone who desires a 
background in grassroots collectivism, the roots of campus racism, genderism, classism, 
ageism, authoritarianism, and the like, it misfires in its basic orientation. Not only is 
the manual absurdly pretentious in the literary back massage it gives to its parent 
paper the new indicator for its "continuance in offering the kind of progressive and 
critical journalism that this campus needs," it also fails to consider the usefulness of 
the ever-changing ideal of journalistic objectivity. The manual has reached way back 
into the catacombs of sectarianism on this one , and a clarification of the dispute is in 
order. 

The new Indicator, you see . believes that the established notions of journalistic 
objectivity (such as the reestablished notions practiced by this journal) merely 
reproduce the existing relations of power. The type of existing objectivity that they 
profess to be a slander on the truth , and that speaks destructively in a capi talist snarl, 
can be found in most daily newspapers thanks to the heavy-handedness of most 
publishing moguls in the United States. Painfuly staking their reputation as a legitimate 
source of social change on the premise that Critical, subjective analysis is a productive 
means by which one can discover the truth, the new indicator fails to convince the 
most gullible reader as to why he or she should dive into the penis of anarchy, let 
alone the constructs of Marxism-Leninism. If the new indicator believes so strongly in 

collective values, if the new indicator holds to heart the convictions of an open society, 
then why, we ponder, do they insist on badgering the consistent process of seeking 
Out objective rruth(s)? It is not as if positive idealism has ever launched seekers of 
justice into a truly anti-democratic stance. In fact history instructs us that it is normaDy 
those members of the intelligentsia who have swallowed the ludicrosities of their own 
dogmatism (say the Bolsheviks) that lead the oppressed into a totalitarian hellhole. 

What one would expect from a progressive institution such as the new indicator is a 
seUless critique of the dominating structures of a destructive society. Whether or not 
the history of the Triton Times-Daily Guardian-UCSD Guardian should be a necessary 
part of this analysis is a question best left open to the inquisitive individual. Today's 
UCSD Guardian , as opposed to its predecessors: the Triton Times and the Daily . 
Guardian , is a progressive institution bent on promoting active social change. This of 
course does not abolish the Guardian's historical blunders, nor does this exempt us 
from any type of cri ticism at any given time. Rather, the Guardian's present staff is 
digging the groundwork to lead our future journalists over a mountain of awareness 
that is intrinsic in the construction of a better society; its history in motion will clear 
away the dust from the eyes of the skeptical watchdogs. 

We respect without indulgence the constant struggle of journals like the new 
indicator. The Disori.entation Manual is just one facet of a greater volume of accessible 
commentary. The stalwart convictions found within are certainly not to be taken as a 
guiding light IOward greater wisdom, or as a formula for successful action. Look at the 
manual as a lucid moonbeam penetrating through a darkening horizon . Our friends at 
the new indicator are to be commended for their perseverance, but a new age is upon 
us , and fresh ideas are descending more rapidly from more serene parts of this 
campus. 

Ideals of University concluded 
AcademicaUy, UCSD seems to 

be one of the best universities in 
the country. The quality of 
research here is internationally 
acclaimed. What, then, could be 
wrong in the educational 
paradise? Quite a lot. 

The goals of a university 
should be to teach , to prepare 
students to participate in society 
and to pursue knowledge 
through research . Everyone 

recognizes that these goals 
require a high standard of 
qualiry, but there should be an 
equal expectation for quantity. 
This is true not only because we 
are a state school with a mission 
to educate the people of 
California, but also because the 
point of giving students a liberal 
arts education extends beyond 
broadening their minds alone. 
What should also be included is 

a willingness to promote open-
minded ness, sound reasoning 
and the free exchange of ideas 
In society at large. 

To these ends, UCSD should 
be giving its excellent education 
to all those academically capable 
of receiving it. Herein lies 
UCSD's greatest failing. 
. We are the best state school in 

the country at producmg 
students for PhD programs, and 

better than nine out of 10 
graduates feel they received an 
excellent education , yet these 
statistics apply only to those who 
have graduated. Fifty percent of 
those who enter UCSD do not 
graduate. This number is higher 
for women, and higher still for 
third world students. Our 
academic '·success" rate only 
holds because, as a friend of 
mine put it, "they drive away 

everyone tut the grinds." 
But isn't it legitimate, one 

might ask, to set academic 
standards and allow only those 
that pass these to continue? The 
answer is yes, but only if the 
reasons for failing to pass the 
standards are themselves 
academic. 

Most of those who leave the 
univerSity do so not becau~ .they 

Please tum to page 6 

Thursday, OCloi>tr J, 1985 .5 
OPINIONS 

Terrorism Uncovered' , Part Two 
By DAVID RICHARD 

In March of 1975, West Berlin 
busi~d itself with preparations 
for the impending mayoral 
election. Peter Lorehz. a popular 
candidate, seemed certain to be 
in the heat of the race. But · 
shortly before the election Lorenz 
was abducted, and for the next 
three days all of West Germany 
sat paralyzed in front of their 
televisions as the famed Baader-
Meinhof gang issued demand 
after demand. 

production. Terrorism, in sum, 
has become an unlOrwnate form 
of mass entertainment. 

immediacy - the vicarious 
excitement of witne!>sing a part 
of history. Television 
commentators realize their role 
as masters of ceremonies, often 
increasing the drama 
disproportionately to the reality 
of the situation. Much is at stake 
for the anchorman - much 
more than the mere terrorist act 
in itself. 

it really is - a desperate 
political action. Politics only 
becomes entertaining when i~ is 
portrayed as entertaining, hence 
the power of the media. By 
careftilly, rather than 
dramatically , presenting a 
terrorist action, the media may 
do more to curb terrorism than 
any government could. ,For 
instance, when a West German 
airport was bombed in June, 
television cameras swarmed over 
the carnage. Would the public 
lose much if the incident was 
simp!>' reported wihtout the 

benetit o( a live satellite feed of 
some very dead people? 

But the effort must come from 
within the media. No 
government fiat will ever suffice, 
simply because no open SOCiety 
should tolerate such an 
infringement of democratic 
freedom. If the media refuse , as 
they have thus far, then the 
audiences of the world can lOOk 
fOlWard to more hijackings, more 
bombings and more kidnappings 
coming into their own living 
rooms. After all, a good 
performance deserves an encore. 

Examples are numerous, 
ranging from the first hijacking 
of a commercial airliner to Cuba 
in 1961 , to the recent coverage 
of the TWA hijacking. But does 
the media have a responsibility 
to report such events? Of even 
more imponance, does the 
~vemment have the right to 
decide which events can and 
should be reported? As one 
observer noted , "He who controls 
the merua is most powerfully 
equipped in the struggle to win 
the hearts and minds of the 
people: 

The need for modertion in the 
type of presentation is 
warranted. If the entertainment 
of terrorism is removed , maybe 
the audience may see it for what 

"We just lost control of the 
medium; it was theirs , not ours ," 
explained one network editor at 
the time. "It was the gangsters 
who wrote the script and 
programmed the mass media. 
We preferred to think that we 
were being 'flexible : but actuaDy 
we were just helpless - as 
helpless as the police and the 
Bonn government ... surely it 
must be the first recorded case 
of how to hijack a national TV 
network." 

If one accepts the premise that 
terrorism is theater and the 
media the stage, then the 
presentation of terrorism to the 
general public tends to reinforce 
the actions of terrorist. If so, 

BLOOM COUNTY by Berke Breathed 
r-~--------~~ 

The media, both print and 

then the media can clearly be 
accused of encouraging actions 
designed to threaten a 

"Terrorism has become an unfortunate form of 
mass entertainment." 
television, have long been 
implicated as unwitting 
promoters of terrorism. When 
Arthur Bremer, the man who 
attempted to assassinate George 
Wallace, was asked why he did 
it, Bremer replied, "Because I was 
on Cronkite's program today." It 
would seem a fair case to argue 
that terrorists, desiring publiciry, 
seek out and use the media in 
ways that will gain recognition to 
their cause. After all, terrorism is 
theartr and the media, in their 
quest for rating;, are more than 
ready to provide the stage. 

But, it would be a much 
greater step to blame the media 
lOr the role terrorism plays in 
today's SOCiety, particulariy in the 
West. Violence as a political 
instrument has a long history, 
extending weD before the advent 
of international 
telecommunications. If, however, 
we view terrorism as theater and 
the media as the stage, then we 
might also conclude that there is 
an audience interesred in the 

government. But would 
intervention into the media 's 
subject matter necessarily halt 
the threat? 

Indeed, as we examined in 
part I of this series, the goal of 

. the anarcho-terrorist is to expose 
the fascist nature of the 
government by provoking action 
against the public. In an open 
society, this threat is particularly 
grave. Because we are 
accUStomed to a great amount of 
freedom in our daily lives, 

~vernment censorship is met 
with the most forceful resistance . 
The paradox then becomes 
apparent. To intervene is to 
erode the fundamentals of a 
democracy. to do nothing is to 
tacidy acknowledge to the 
terrorist that the media can be 
an effective method of 
communication. 

Pennaps, however, the 
communication of a message is 
nO( nearly as important as how it 
is communicated. The thrill of 
television comes from its 

'l€s .. wcu., 
WHIIr I'P tlKC 
tHll --

I 
/~ 

IIH, OIl. 

I 

,. ]~---, , 
~., . .. u/· .... 

'/-
.f, 

(.APr.! VII ClINT" PIIKK Y~R 
7Uf)-TtJN '/?v.+ 8Y1Jfe 
~ &4f< .. 1IN/l &lr)fK 
t.lm.£ t¥ 1() 5TtJP 
PIPPLIN' CW7H€"8€IIRSm 
/tIfi(£5 91 6/(UHPY// 

r~~_ ) 

r---~~------------------------~---r~~~~, 
LooldJIg For SeNne ExciteBIent I. Your Life? 

Try an Urban Studies and Planning Course 
Open For EnroUment To All Students Fall, 1985 

IISP II COMPAllA11VE UBANIZATION: Hiltorical and COfI1NII'ative survey 01 
cities throu!ilOUt the world. Ecological, social, economic, tec~ and cultural 
determinant 01 city location, form, growth, and decline. lJrbinzation ITIOIIement 
foIowing the /ndJstriaI Rewlution. Role 01 the city as a force 01 culture arnl 
civilization. Tues.·Thurs. lO:o()'ll:20 (Blumberg) TlH 107. 

USP III U8BAN ECONOMICS PIIOIILEMS: (Same as Econ. 135.) Analysis of 
c ... _ of conges~, ~tion, housing and diacrimination and segregation, crime, 
etc., and of public polICIes to deal with thae problems. Prerequisite: one yvgr of 
lower·dMsion economics. MWF 1:()().1:50 (Erge) HSS 2250. 

USP 123 HOUSING POLICY: (Same as Econ. 133.) Examines current issue in housing 
poley: houaing fiNnee, rent control, nei~ d8c:ine. and revitaliMtion. 
aentmcalion and displacement, home·owna-ahip Iffordability, sewegatiOll and 
dilc:rimnation, and fow.income housing. """equisite: one year of lower-diuision 
economics. MWF 11 :o()'ll:50 (Philps) TLH 104. 

lI8P lSI CONNUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNICrrY: An examiNition of the 
interacbon of migration and urblnization on CCIillIOOnity .. II social _am. 
Characterilltia of aaencies and orgillllAtioill which deliver services or inIIuence 
changes. will be approached (rom the UN of ethnicity as a conceptual model. 
PrereqlAlsdes: USP 131L (concurrently), upper·division standing. Tues.· Thurs. 
11:30·12:50 (Thomas) MCC 124. 

IISP 1:tIL COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNlCrry lAB: Models lor human 
service delivery, community development , action, and planrung will be tau!tlt 
through exercises and Individual proJects. PrereqUisite: USP 131 concurrent 
enrollmenl. Tues. 2:()()'3:5O (Thomas) TCHB 141. 

USP I-MA O8I£NTA noN TO HEALTH ~ OIIGANIZA TION: This course MI 
provide an owrview 01 the orgarization 01 hAth care within the contex t oi the 
c:ornroonity with eliipt .. on the political, sociIII, and cultural inIIuences. It is 
concerned with the structure, objectiva. and trends oi nwr;or health-related 
prowams in the United Stat.. to includa sponsorship, financing, training and 
~tiIization oi health personnel. Prerequisit_: LIpfler.QUs;oo stoncing, consent of 
instructor. Tues.·Thurs. 1:o()'2:20 (Brody) MCC 124. 

USP I. 11IE -.ACK GHE1TO: Examination 01 the black ~to from about 1880 to 
t~ pr~t. Trends in rnVation,the patterns of economic and social adjustment, 
shifts III ideology and prot .. t. and the c:IenwId for community control are themes. 
Tues.· Thurs. 4:1»5:20 (ThornM) HSS 2333. . 

IISP 151 AOOLT DEVELOPMENT AND AGING: An examination of the 
ciao 21"""." ..... 01 -i. midcIe, and We acUthood IIId thair proctAes of 
behauior cNnsat· Tapia include irnpIct 01 ~ II1d c:uIhIrlllactors. continuity 
and chingI.in the indivicMI JI«I'ICIIlIIlt, ~ 01 ~ and roles, fan;ly liIe, 
idIIt _ullity, and etMicity _ a culturill experwKe in hulllll1 development. MWF 
9:o()'9:50 (lhomaI) TCHB 141. 

IISP 175 EN\IIIIONNENT.u. .... fMSOF~.TlJDIES: Man'sactiYities 
have had chmItic: irnpKt upon the Niturll ..-eft 01 CaiIomia', urban __ . 
The el,. will loci.. upon the natwe and extent oi such impact with an emphaaia on 
evaluating the current statue 01 resource-related planning on management efforts. 
Major themes will include poitics of resource protection; provision 01 paries and 
open space; preserving natural area; wiklife managllment; air and water quality 
ISSues; larnl use planning by state agencies; protecting agriculturalland& and guiding 
the location of new development. The goal of the course is to prOliide the student 
with a better understandingo( the ways in which the natural resources oi urban areas 
are being prolected and planned for by government agencies and the limitations of 
currenl programs. PrereqlAlSlte. upper·dlVlSion standing. M 3:(J().S:OO (Crandall) 
TCHB 141. .. , 

, 

" 



6 Thursday, October J, 1985 
OPINIONS 

POWIi 
"U.& ~ li,t price 

Entertainment every Friday 8t more 
(appearlnQ &om 4:00-6:30 pm): 

Frl. 10/11 Blond Bruc~ 
Frl. 10/18 Outriders 
Frl. 1 0/25 R~beJ Rockers 
Thurs. 10/31 Rebdors (HaDoween Party) 
Frl. 11/ 1 California Ivt.ro Driw 
Presented by ttw UCSD Student Center & Triton Pub 

For Inb, phone 452-7221 

New houn: 
10 am-3 pm 

LUNCH 
Specials, quesaelillas, soups, salads 

LOTTmY TICKlT~ 
Instant Winners! 

3 pm-7 pm PIZZA ~TOD 
Panni"i" coHee, desserts, soup 714 Venlurn PI. 

MiNion Beach FRIDAY SPECIAL: PIZZA $1.00/ slice 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS: AU You Can Eat 488-4800 

Get our new $49* software module 
when you buy an HP-41. 

It's a deal that has no equal, for a calculator that has 
noequaI. 

Our new HP-41 Advantage eoftware module packs 
12K of ROM. One and a half times the capacity of any 
other HP-41 module. Large ~ to h,?ld t~ maR 
popular engineering. mathematic:AJ and fmaDCIal pr0-
grams ever written for the Hl41. 

You get comprehensive advanad ~~ math ~unc­
lion. roots of equations and poIpkHDlals, IDtegratlons, 
base 'conversion and logic functions, and time value of 
money function •. 

Our new module is alao sub-programmable. So you 
quickly accea just a portion of a program, or trans-

aedion to JOur own program. 
even menu-driven. That eliminates overlays 

..... oes the number of prompta. 
Jet ~:cg to take to help 

m Lm~r~~ ;;; J!~~ to Statica and Dynamics. 
i. a deal all ita own. fta operahDI 

10 .sv.nced. it cto.a't need an "equm. 
....... it's pi_.ed by more eogineen 

abletor. 
IimiIId time oIer. Call (800) FOR-
... Dept. 6518. Well instantly give 

• __ • dealer who has no equal. 
phone caD is free. 

aew module woo't be for long. 

I'm a studen~h;has no equ~ Here-;;-my 
proof-of-purchase to prove it . Please 

send me my free software mod ule. 

Nam~ 

Add..., .. 

City Sta le 

Phon. Numb<.r 

II P-41 S.ri.1 Numb<.r 
MaiJ coupon with proof-of-purch .. , (0: 
Hewl,tt·Packard Co., c/o Di",c l Mail 
Projecll /M .M, P. O . BOl 10598. 
Portland, Ore,on 97209 

Zip 

OfIer IIOt recIHnul hle _ . ItP •• Iu UP· 41 my.1 ..... pllol rc .... ect 
bel _ __ 1110 8/ 15115 and 11'15/15. t::'wtlotN. m" • • IM- ............. e4 
h, 12131/15. Cood oal, &. U.S .A. VOId .he.N: p,... .. W ••• .u4 
or rftIltItlMIt., law. H fI ~""IH ItUrch.w:a not e1tl'We. AI". 
6-' wet ....... hftr,. 

Ideals 
Continued from page <4 
are dumb or lazy, but beca~ 
they cannot study when forced, 
by a lack of affordable housing, 
to live in their cars; or beca~ 
they cannot pay $1500 for fees, 
rent, food and books when 
neither parents nor Financial Aid 
will or can help out; or, as is 
most o&en the case, they find 
themselves alone with no one to 
tum to in a huge system which 
does not care about them or neat 
them as individuals. 

So UCSD's attitude toward 
students is at fault. What is that 
attitude? There are many 
conceptions of the role of the 
student in the university: a 
panner in an educational 
undertaking, a client of the 
university'S services, a child to be 
educated at his or her parents' or 
the state's request, a number 
contributing to a set of statistics, 
or a Mraw material- needing to be 
processed. One might hope for 
the first of these allernatives, 
where the student panicipates !n 
the decisions which concern hIS 
education, but administrators are 
qUick to attack it on three 
grounds: that the student is too 
ignorant to make informed 
choices; that he is in attendance 
for too shon a time to deserve to 
make decisions about the long 
range governance of the 
university; or that students suffer 
from a con8ict of interests in 
making any such decisions. 

To answer each of these in 
tum while the student often doe~ not command aU the 
infonnation with which faculty 
and administrators are familiar, 
democratic values dictate that 
the student's voice should be 
given equal weight jUst as the 
less educated voter and better 
educated voter are heard equally. 
Although the student's stay at the 
.university might be 
comparatively shon, many 
decisions are equally shon term 
or concern an area where 
student interest and opinion 
remain constant from one year to 
the next In response to the last 
attack on student decision 
making - that students suffer 
from a conflict of inierests -
this is true only in the areas of 
grades and academic policy 
(which we know are quite 
satisfactory at UCSD) and not 
true of issues concerning student 
life, where our real failing hes. 
So, a democratic conception of 
the role of students is that of an 
equal parmer in aD decisions 
concerning student life, where 
student opinion is likely to 
change slowly - if at aU. 

Unfortunately, the university 
does not seem to subscribe to 
this democratic vision of the role 
of students. It also does not seem 
to see itself as offering services 
to the student, though many 
student-clients do take their 
business elsewhere. The recent 
decision to change the school 
alcohol policy over the 
reasonable and moderate 
objections of students, and 
without any public justification , 
indicates that UCSD prefers to 
treat students as children who 
should be compelled to cenain 
behaviors against their own 
better judgement. When, 
academicaUy, the university 
seems so eager to deal with us as 
adults, able to treat complex 
subjects in a mature manner, it 
seems hypocritical for it to tum 
around and insist on aeung, in 
loco parent is, to control what we 
drink, how much we should pay 
tor our books, etc. 

- Alan Colley 

Special 
collections 

Continued from page 3 
The acquisition of Journals, 

manuscnpts and rare hooks can 
be a difficult and length}' 
pro edure . according [Q Lynda 
Claassen, head of the Special 
Collections. The procedure 
involves identifyi ng areas that 
the department has interest in, 
compiling want lists of part icular 
books or journals, and remai ning 
actively involved in the 
ci r ulation of the desired items. 

Attaining journals or papers 
from living authors is a delIcate 
process. Many of these people 
do not realize the value of their 
original work for future research. 
Claassen explained. The work is 
valuable in helping researchers 
understand the process that led 
the authors to their 
accomplishments. 

The department has been 
richly rewarded fo r its efforts. 
The Archive for New Poetry, for 
example, houses over 28,000 

books and is the third or founh 
best coUection in the country, 
Claassen said . The library 
collects work along lInes that will 
be of interest to the university 
Becausc of UCSD's proximity 10 
the horder. th c depanment IS 
home to the l11]a alifomla 
Collccnon which includes maps. 
dlssenanons, manuscrIpts, 
photographs and magazines that 
deal with th is tCrrItory. 

The Rare Book Collection 
contains a compilation of 
researc h in the humanities. 
Among this coUection are The 
Little Blue Books (travel guide-
published in the early pan of 
this century), work by William 
Butler Yeats and Ernest 

Hemingway, as well as nearly 
every work by D.H. Lawrence. 

Another collection of particular 
interest concerning UCSD's 
coastal location IS the HiD 
Collection of Pacific Voyages. In 
it can be found adventurous 
accounts ranging from those of 
Captain Blythe to the discoveries 
of California and Australia. 
Claassen said she finds th is 
collection particularly fasc inating 
because the books are more than 
historical accounts; they <ire 

actual bits of history themselves. 
Special Collections is open to 

everyone. not Just researchers, 
and containS useful materia l for 
students wllh a broad range of 
interests. Claasse n said . 

Senou~ researching IS not the 
only reason to Visit this 
department Claassen said For 
those who are fans of the 
thriller-killer novele;. a pleasurable 
escape can bc found in the 
Mystery and De(ec[lve Flctlon 
Collection which includes rare 
editions of the works of Agatha 
Christie, Dorothy Sayers and 
Raymond Chandler. Department 
of Special Collections at the top 
of Central Library is open from 
8:00 am to 5:30 pm Monday 
through Friday. lm 

AS meets 
Continued from page 2 
wntlng collec([ve were allocated _ 
$70 to show twO films on 
abortion , one pro and one con, 
at (he ChI' Cafe next Tuesday. 

A vote appointing Roben Rios 
to the Registration Fee 
Committee produced much 
debate. Several council members 
objected on the grounds that 
appointments are nonnally tabled 
to the following week. 

Plans are undetway for the 
new University Center, relXlrteti 

Thursday, Octobtr J, 1985 7 
NEWS 

Lewis . Ground will be broken in 
December 1987, and the 
administration expects to open 
the Center in faU of 1988. 

Next week's meetlng promises 
to be busler,with at lest 24 items 
for approval Including twelve 
new appointments, Several new 
AS projects wIll be discussed , 
among them, a Student 
OrganIzation Development and 
Leadership Program and an AS 
Posting SelVlce. Councilmembers 
hope to Initiate a system 
whereby student organIzations 
bring matenals to be posted to 
EDNA, and all posting is done in 
organized fashion by a single 
body of AS employees. If 
approved, this selVice will begin -
Immediately. 

I-I 

WRITE FOR AN AUDIENCE ~F OVER 100,000 
BECOME THE UNIV SITY OF 
I ~ CALIFORNIA ~ 

Sacramento Correspondent 

Applicants are now being considered for the position of the 
Sacramento Correspondent for University _ of Cal iforn ia 
student newspapers . Anyon e with daily journalism 
experience' and a knowledge of state government should 
apply. The position will begin December 1, 1985 and run 
unti l June, 1986. The pay rate is $850/month. For more 
information call Ethan Watters at (91 6) 752-0208. Send 
resume and 10 to 15 clips to : 

Ethan Watters, California Aggie 
25 Lower Freeborn, UC Davis 

Davis, CA 95616. 

All Applications must be postmarked by October 19. Applicants mu~t be 
available for interviews in Davis on November 9. 

Crocker Bank won't keep you mUting. 
Anxiety is waiting for your bank (0 approve 
and process your student loan applicatio n. 
At Crocke r Bank, we know how crucial it is 
to get your money quickly That's why we do 
everything we can (0 help. Our streamlined pro-
cessing and professio nal custo mer service make 
getting a student loan fast and simple. In most 
cases you'll have you r money in one wee~ . 

For more informatio n about how you can 
qualilY for a student loan, see your fi nancial aid 
counselor today. And then, send your completed 
student loan applicatio n to: Crocker Student 
Loans, P.o. Box 38021, San Francisco, California 
94138. Or if you prefe r, call Crocker toll-free 
at 800-874·6989, ext. 200. 

• 

ClCnlck~r NalKlnall lank, I9!lS 
Member FDIC 



Paisl0' madness 

Denouncing cold, blank cement 
Continued from page I 
:he night of the spraypainting 
funher substantiated the 

~vidence. The other thineen 
""hom police say are responsible 
..... ere not identified. Okada 
emered a plea of guilty to 
misdemeanor vandalism and \vas 
sentenced . The state pressed for 
full restitution of $8000. Okada 
now faces a second round of 
punishment by the university. 
'Our responsibili ty to the 
.axpayers," said Associate Vice 
:::hancellor of Business and 
:= inance, George Himel , "was 
nakmg sure we handled the case 
:)roperly and imposed the 
;orrect punitive measures." 

UC D demanded that Okada 
)e suspended for twO quaners 
md contnbute 50 hours of 
'ommunity selV1ce work to the 
miversity. 

With "the neutron bomb 
nentality," said one United 
"aisley Army member, the 
miversity is "trying to save the 
JUildmgs rather than human 
ives." 

Authorities have "lost all 
)erspective of what kind of 
' rime was committed ." said 
Jkada's anomey, Lee Morrison , 
IS he argued against additional 
miversity punishment. The 
iouble punishment is 
'extraordinary" for an act of 
graffitI. In Okada's defense, 
Morrison referred the panel to a 
64 page police report although it 
makes for "dull reading," he said. 
On the contrary, replied UCSD 
police Sgt. Bob Jones who solved 
the case against Okada, it's 
'exciting" reading. It "reads like a 
well played-our noveL" 

Morrison cynicaly replied, 
'The great American novel." 

It happened duq the dark 
morning hours of h 6. Amid 
the dense eucalyptus smves. 
Ibandoned anny bar*:b.1Od 
elevated buildings of l.Qt)', 
:ampus, 13 students arld • 
non-student acted upon c:iIIaaa 
«) "denounce the cold b,W1 __ 

~f cement" In the blackne9!lfll 
that night, the self-designat~ . 
!Jnited Paisley Anny (UPA), 
Ntthout benefit of training, but 
!quiped with dozens of aerosol 
,aim cans and eight crudely 
nade stencils, showered 
miversity grounds with 
'1undreds of paisley motifs. On 
he greyness and cleanness, over 
'oncrete , steel , and wood, not 
'Xcll.lding trees , sidewalks, 
rashbins, and doors - went 
edness: stereotyped graffiti in 
he form of small red tearshaped 
lanerns, Persian In origin , and 
' f scattered slogans that 
roclaimed "U gly Paisley An," 
UPA: and "What do you see?" 

For the most pan the 
ommunity was uncenain as to 
{hat they saw. Some surmised 
"lat the 300 to 400 paisleys were 
an of a student art project, and 
:lme even suspected that they 
lere an extensIon of the famous 
tuart Collection (the Sun God, 
.evellehenge, the Robert Irwin 
culpture of purple fencing) . 
>thers reacted neganvely when 
1ey found that the paisley logos 
lere in fact no more than a 

Uective act of grafflU . 
More cnucism was expressed 

)llow1Og the pubhcanon of a 
aisley Manifesto, quasi -political 
1 nature. 

The author of the manifesto, 
Brian (not his real name), said 
his intentions were quite 
harmless, that the manifesto was 
no more than a rather 
ophisticated joke, a parody. 

Leanne expressed similar 
sentiments: 

The overall "p 
said, was "nooiMI.IIl ... • 
social - .,. no ~ 
It was~_ - aauptd UIh 
~ ... _hdorit ... 

to wah students up." 
Iron' she discCM~d that 

what she considered to be a 
non-political act that for the 
most part would be ignored, 
evenruaUy gaintd her notoriety 
within the campus community. 

"I didn't find one person who 
thought it was a joke ," said 
Police Sgt. Jones. "It was filthy 
vandalism." 

"I wasn't looking for success or 
for it to be noticed: Leanne 
said , "It was overly successful. 
The reaction is now the issue: 

And reaction in the fOnTI of 

'This is probably the 
first time in Calif· 
ornia history that a 
person was charged 
with a felony for 
graffiti" 

- Lee Morrison 

written opposition did follow . 
Two successive leners were 
wrinen to the UCSD Guardian 
regarding the episode . David 
Newell said "words cannot even 
express the rage and contempt I 
feel ... (they) have raped our 
walls," Mark Brlej claimed the 
UPA was faa·feeding their 
tbou&hts on 10 odters. He urged 
~ who dIrIIPProved to wear a 
..... ribbon.,"t his idea 
.a.Iiit each Oft. Perhaps some 

.~ted this proposal 
.... ".d _a golden ribbon 
..,. Oft !he cloches mi&ht bear a 
Wnd of 8MIogy to a red paisley 
JIIin,.t on a tiuiJding - u just 
lalother knm of force-feeding 
thoughrs. It appeared that some 
studeals did feel victimized by 
what was legally a victimless 
crime. Even though the crime 
was commiard against propeny, 
said Sgt. ]QneS, It was the 
students property. such chat the 
students are IndlR!ct victims. 

And public reaction, 
authorIues said , assuma:! a 
significant role in the eJRenr of 
the investigatlve and Ialler, the 
prosecutive procedures 
undenaken. Community outrage, 
according to UCSD ChIef of 
Pohce John Anderson , motivated 
an extensive investigation Into 
suspects. 

According to Sgt. Jones, some 
students actually went out on 
their own and identified the 
eight dIfferent paisley patterns 
hoping this might help police 
apprehend the culprits The 
pohce also received several 
anonymous phone caUs from 
students who claimed to have 
witnessed the spray-painting 
inCident These conversauons 
prOVided de criptlons of 

suspects and a few even 
supplied names, one . 
Leanne Okada. 
officer 

..... 
- one aftCI_ 

- ~. ted piect t6 ~ in the 'ridnity of me ..... 
COIIeF dOt:mS. SiIw:e Obda's 
name was furnlsbed by swdent 
wknesses , and because the 
offker recalled "sighting" a 
female that evenmg, Jones 
decided to investigte funher. 

"Without the sighting," 
commented Himel, "Okada might 
still be on the loose ." No more 
than one funher identification 
was made. Leanne, then a 
volunteer at KSDT, submitted a 
reimbursement request to the 
station after purchasing a $3.18 
stencil with her own money from 
Aaron Brothers. Sgt. Jones , after 
searching for receipts from 
various an stores, finally located 
the reimbursement request at the 
UCSD's cashier's olTice. Thus, in 
addition to violating California 
Penal Code Sectin 594 "Malicious 
Mischief" or misdemeanor 
vandalism, Okada was also 
suspected of violanng Title 12: 
"Crimes against the revenue and 
property of the state," Penal 
Code Section 424 for 
"misappropnation of public 
funds" - a felony. 

MeanwhIle Sgt. Jones and Sgt. 
Chuck Milligan . the second run-
time detective assigned to the 
case. were attempting to work 
out a "deal" with the United 
Paisley Army. "My Iinr. idea," 5IIid 
Jones , "was to minimi%t the . 
impact on students .. , I receive 
no panicular percen. or . 
additional strokes for throwing 
people in jail." 

Jones urged UPA members ... 
confess and no arrests wO\lld be 
made. Instead they would be 
referred to the "Student Conduct 
Coordinator" and the university 
would impose sanctions, namely 
restitution. Accord ' II) Olief of 
Police AnderSIA If ... 
confessed'J&fte .. II., .... 

notpress~ 
The UPA Wlllull nI;d.-

the police had ~ 
identified Leanne,IInd m. .. 
mher names had been ttft9culy 
mentioned . The UPA was 
skeptical of this propoul 
because it didn't amount to any 
more than a "promise." Leanne, 
because she was given no proof, 
did not believe Hones had 
positive 10, not that anything 
could happen w her. 

"aones) never confronted 
rne .. . [reaBy didn't understand 
the extrnt of it," she said. "I 
guess I was reaDy naive about it. 
[ didn't think the crime I 
committed was that big of a 
deal . .. It was hombIe.. . but no 
personal damage was involw:d." 

AI the end of the meeting, 
Leanne and other UPA members 
made a decision: they would 
walt. a one would tum myone 
else In 

Invesugauons into Other 
suspects were being conducted 
during the 40 to 50 hour period 
that Jones and Milligan devoted 
to the investigation of this case. 
After smgling out Leanne , Jones 
aid he had leads, he even had 

some names , but he couldn 't 
press charges because he hadn 't 

Leanne Okada, a UCSD student and member of the Uniltd Paisley AI1I'!Y. wa 
arrested last. spring for campws ¥CIndalisM. 

any positM ldentificanons, 
The '1!" ,.Inrlng, Jones said, 

inYolve =Itation - it 
entailed ing and 
preparatiolla .... and it was also 
'MII .. uecQeid, since the UPA was 
not causht during ~ act. Thus 
Jones ~ he had probable 
cause to cu. Okada with an 
addirinal felony: Penal Code 
Section 182, ·Criminal . 

ConsP~' .. UPA members, 
however, the conspiracy 
acCUSlltion. T y said there was 
little collaboration beyond ~ 
copymg of the seven paisley 
stencils. oTheR were no plans.' 
sUrd Okada.; orhn than to "jwIt 
go out and pUtt a few," Brian, 
author of me manifesto, sr.d: 
'My senc:imlrN was to spray VfIy 
cement bUiJd&ngs .. . I ...... to 
IMke it MIIhak:, Others wenr 
for satunldon. ~ Most UPA 

wndalism. c:ontp;r.cy, and 
misappropriation or public 
funds, ana put inIo a boIdi. 
cell. lDstIead of betJIIlrt eM on 
her own ~nce, !he had 
10 pOIIt bail at $5500. 

A few days aier the anest, 
Jones obcalDt-.i a wananr ro 
search Okada's heme from 
Municipal Coun Judge Roben J 
Cooney. Wimour the search, 
Jones would not have been able 
w obtain the information he 

. needed to prove his case against 
Okada. for on that night Jones 
discovered not only clothes and 
other items covered with paisley 
designs, and an "illegal 
substance," but a pencil sketched 
paisley on a piece of stencil 
peper. 

Controversy over the search 
circulated throughout the 
campus. Some claimed the police 
eII.lled and amplified the dIN.- ililto felonies in order to 

n t!WlljI .. ···==~=~~:i;warran t, though 
til wa rra nts to 

« 

members were disappointed by 
the outcome of that evening. 
"The action ," said Brian, "got out 
of hand . .. maybe you need rules 
in anarchism' " 

On March 19, after a three 
hour final exam, Jones 
confronted Okada, Leanne 
claimed jones tried w get 
informalioR out of her, 
threatenin& her for 30 w 4J5 
minutes before reading her her 
rights: J0a8. on the ocher band, 
saul he '"tried to appeal to 
reason" _ auempted to gIYe 
her one ... chance to confess 
before a ...... her. 

At tha ..... Jones ..,.. he 
had "pr •• e cause to 
her ... but: probable cause is not 
sufflclent to prove a case in the 
coun of law. I needed enough 
mformatlon to prove It beyond a 
doubt." Si nce the case couldn't 
be handled internally, Leanne 
was handcuffed, taken to the Las 
Cohnas Women's Detention 
Facihty, booked on charges of 

two reas~.iiiiaij 
it easier to obtain .1.' ...... ,Ji-:a. 
warrant and it left oPl~ ... lik. 
open for plea Da~l1;all~. 
felony charges were aDl"_~l 
a District AIIomey's awei., 

·We knew It would nftIt IP 
u • felony," Anderson saI4, 1M 
"the felonies were !eve ... .& , 
basicaBy." 

·Thiswasa.~of 
the Iaw,ft jones Iaiet ...... and 
was Mnot • ....,.,. al 
hIndlin&." 

H.t ttu .. ot~alism 
happened pp.. January 1, 

l~, It wdIfd' e been a 
~ beqNll' the amount of 

eded $1000, he 
da could have faced 

... imprisonment. It was a 
"qUIrk of fate ," Jones said , that 
legislation lessened malicious 
mischief 1O a misdemeanor 
commencing in 1985 

Speaking on behalf of the 
Administration, Associate Vice 
Chancellor Himel asked, "Why 
avenge something you should 
feel affection [or?" There's no 
reason , he said, to do damage to 
the universitY If you respect it 

Please tum to page 9 

Continued from page 8 
and if you're' serious about 
learning. The UPA, Himel 
continued , was opposing the 
drab concrete of our campus, 
while "here we are in one of the 
most beautiful cities in the 
country." 

"It is one thing," he said , "to 
paint the cement," but another to 
go beyond that and paint 
sidewalks and newspaper 
dispensers. "It was a case of 
vandalism and mischief -
mostly vandalism." 

The administration, he said, 
had to make sure the "paisley 
affair" received as much 
attention as the one involving 
Dr Reinhardt Lenau, a tenured 
UCSD professor who, a couple of 

the 
and the 

, spray-painted a few 
on the Revelle 

later arrested 

He wu &ned _ a 
leaer of censor .. placed in his 
file, Himel said. 

A similar inddent of graffiti 
OCClftd rwo months wr the 
"paisley affair" but received very 
little anention. On the evening 
before UCSD's annual Open 
House in early May, the 
"Coalition to Free South Africa" 
plastered hundreds of anti- . 
apartheid stickers throughout the 
campus. In this case, the police 
and administration knew who 
the perpetrators were. The 
Coalition, said member Manhew 
Cronin, assumed responsibility~ 
for the action . The police could 
have easily identified the 
individuals responsible , he said; 
but the follOwing day, the 
administration quickly removed 
the stickers and the investigation 
was dropped . Cronin believes 
theR! were multiple reasons 
~hind thIS deciSion. The 
majority of UCSD, the students 
in particular, appear supportive 
of UC divestit\ft, FurthennoIe, 
stickers beannc a message of 
"Black Only, WlQee Only" are 
una"*WIOUSM .. 
bodt che dIeir 

mission is to protect the assets 
of the univerSity and they did 
.damage to the assets." 

Following the arrest , the case 
was turned over to the Districl 
Attorney's office. 'The judge," 
Jones said, "will throw the book 
at her. ... She's left to hang." The 
attitude among the UPA is "a 
code of silence is alive and well 
and let'S maintain it and the 
judge won't like this," he said. 
The administration doesn 't like 
this. There are still 13 others left 
unaccountable for, and this , he 
said , "creates hostility." Morrison, 
Okada's anomey, said Leanne 
didn't want to bring others into 
it because of what she's gone 
through . "It's really hard," Okada 
said. "There are. so many 
complications with this . Some 
(UPA members) care. Others 
have come out against me." 

UCSD used its influence to 
for full restitution for 

done to the university . 
~=~~co;n~:sPiracy charge 11 " Morrison 

dill_ltd. Okada 
.. c.a CGItIpiNc:y 
commit. crime of arIIiti. "1''' 
1$ probably the firs tinae in 
California's hi.sroD' dtat a ~ 
was charged with • Wony lor 
graffiti," MorriIon poiflle.d out. 
Leanne was also cbaJIed with. • 
felQlty for a misappropriation or 
state fundi to the amount of 
$3.18. . 

In the end Okada was charged 
with misdemeanor vandalism 
and possession of controlled 
subs&ances. On May 1, she CMl". plea of guilty/ no 

~ bemre the Honorable 
.JudIt E. NlcAnos. She then 
enIItIed inIo a plea bargain with 

the state, accepting a harsh 
punishment that included: a fine 
of $3000 to be suspended upon 
payment of restitution; restitution 
to the amount of $8000 to he 
paid to UCSD; counseling for 18 
months as directed by the 
probation offIcer; drug diversion 
program as directed under penal 
code secnon 1000; three years of 
formal probation . 

Normally, Morrison noted, 
persons charged with committing 
graffiti are served a citation to 
appear and there's "no such 
thing as jail: The standard fine 

"My sentiment was to 
spray ugly ce 
buildings. , , 
to make it 
Others 
saturation: " 

- Brian 
(UPA Member) 

of S50 w $100 will often be 
SUipmIkd by the judae in lieu 
of eiChr hours of community 
service, Morrison saki, But 
lanne accepted the plea 
~IU because she wanred to 
stay in dw uni~rsity. 

Yet on the day ... the plea 
baJpIn was enaeftd. the 

uni~rsity dtdded funher 
punishment was ftIO'$S''Y and 
the '* was ~fem:d by the 
studem conduct coordinaror to 
Okada's dean, Dr. Hmiet Marsh. 
Marsh , in her lener of May 5, 
recommended the following 

measures: restitution for the lull 
amount of damage; suspe nsion 
effective spring and summer 
quarters; probation for the 
duration of Okada's years as a 
UCSD student; periodic meetings 
with the dean to reVIew personal 
development; community service 
to the un iversity not to exceed 
50 hours and to be completed by 
fall quarter, 1985. 

Although Morrison argues that 
placing Okada in this position of 
double jeopardy is a breach of 
law, the university maintains that 
as a registered student she is 
bound to act in accordance with 
university regulations. Okada 
committed an act that was both 

violation 

• __ It. 
~er, ,. .. 61. 
a crime of severity, the 
punishment is severe." 

When they learned that UCSD 
was demandina punishment in 
addition to that or the state, 
Morrison and 0Icada decided to 
appeal uniVersity sanctions and 
exercise Okada's right to a 
formal hearing under unlYersity 
"procedural due process· before 
the Warren College Judlcial 
Council. "I didn't like the dean's 
offer: Okada said. "She just 
wanrs to hang me." 

On Jwe 6, Okada appealed 
university punishment before the 
CoIIeIe Judicial CounCIl - a 
boenf composed of five studems, 
Dean, Marsh, str. jones, UCSD 
adOmey ApiIar. and a UCSD 
employee. Ttw: panel was first w 
decide whether Olcada was guilty 
or innocent, md then to accept 
the sanctions oudined by MaIsh 
or to ~commend mitipeed 
sanctions. Morrison immcdialely 
esrablishet1 that the~ was no 
need to d_rm~ piIt or 
Innocence IiDce lanne had 
pled guilty and "is willi. to 
~ p.aaWawnL· The council, 
be sald, mutr address the issue 
or appropriate punishment. 
Fairness, he argued, reqUires you 
to look at the action and 
compan it to the similar actions 
of others. Evidence , he said, 
sustains that Leanne is paying a 
lot more than others pay. 

Thursday, October J, 1985 9 
FEATURES 

fairness also requires that after 
the fj rst act of misconduct, the 
person not be excluded from the 
community. Rehabilitation, he 
said , is a progressive thought -
thats how the university should 
operate - but it doesn't In his 
finishing remarks, Morrison 
recommended that the plea 
bargain be adhered to and that 
no funher punishment be 
imposed by the univerSity. 

"The state," he said , "has 
received its pound of flesh £rom 
Ms. Okada. I ask that the 
university not take anymore: 

On June 19, the state officialy 
received its "pound of flesh: 
Okada didn't have the $3000 or 
more it would take to appeal the 
sentence. Her fight ended in the 
courtroom that day, she and her 

decided to accept the 
.lkihnlent. The Honorable 

MacAnos adhered w the 
..-ement. Restitution 
~NS would commence on 
july 1 at SlSO a month until 
August of 1986, when the judge 
woutd review the case to 
detenniM If the payment 
schedule should be increased. 

A week or so before 
sentencing, the Warren College 
Judicial Council recommended 
all the original sanctions with 
one exception: one of the two 
quaner suspensions would be 
waived if Okada would agree to 
participate in an additional 50 
hours of collUlUlity service, 
bringln& the lOCal hours to 100. 

"I coukI t.dIy give 100 hours 
of work w the univerSity, worl< 
my own job, support myself and 
pay ,..,m..ion at $150 a month," 
Okada said. 

But it didn't maner. Vice 
dwaC%lor of undergraduate 
affairs Joe Watson did not 
approve the panel's 
w:commendation. In this quasi-
judicial system, Watson assumes 
the role of judge. And it was his 
opinion that suspension be 
effective both summer and fall 
quarters unless Okada meets one 
condition. 

UCSD Police Sarxeanl Bob Jones: "/I was filthy vandalism." 

Fairness, said Morrison. also 
requires looking at intent. ' Were 
they trying to undennine the 
credibility of the university?" 
Were they intending to do as 
much damage to the university 
as occurred? He concluded that 

·Suspension: ' he said, "may be 
modified to enable Leanne to 
register for enrollment faIl 
quaner, 1985, contingent upon 
satisfaCtory cooperation by 
Leanne with campus officials 
engaged in the ongoing 
investigation of this maner. 
Determination of satisfactory 
cooperation is 1O be made by the 
Warren dean on consultation 
with the student conduct 
coordinator. " 

UCSD General Store 
q~~~! 

DEVELOPING SPE 

12 EXPOSURE .. • ' .89 
1 5 EXPOSURE .... 2.09 I 
24 EXPOSURE .... 3.29 I 

I 36 EXPOSURE .... 4.89 J 
On roll developing and pnnllng of siandard size pnnls trom 110. 
126. diSC and 35mm color Print film (C·41 process) Limit one 
roll with thiS coupon (nol vahd Wllh any other coupon oNer) Vahd 

L Monday. October 7 Ihrough Friday, OClober II , 1985. 
----------------ASK AaoUT OUR 

SAME DAY SERVICE 
COLOR PRINT FILM DEVELOPINGI 

236 

I 

D 
G 

COME SHARE IN THE EXCITEMENT OF THE 
GENERAL STORE'S 
GIANT EXPANSION 

COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT AND tHE LOWEST PRICES ON 
CAMPUS MAKE THIS CO-OP A GREAT PLACE TO SHOP OR WORK 

THANKS 10 ALL ,WHO 
HAVE HELPED USI 

OPEN: M-F 8:45-5 452-3932 



u 

K&M 
Ringbinders 

Utrge 
Assortment 

of 
Colors 

erlnate 

10-pack 
5-pack 
3-pack 

Erasennate 

Bie 
10~pack 
Value pack 

2 medlum pens 
wtth Eraser pen 

Suggested 
Retail 

3.50 
1.75 
2.67 

3.50 
1.49 

W.stem COO.,. 

Special 
PrIce 

1.99 
1.49 
1.98 

1.98 
.98 

REGUlAR PRICE 4.19 
OUR PRICE 2.19 

I' 
, Bookstore A.soelatloll 

FlDer Paper 200 ct. 
College Ruled 

$1.45 

Wirebound Notebooks 

ERSIIY BDD SIaRE 
452·3786 

Thursday, OClobtrJ , 1985 11 
FEATURES 

the wrl ter' s ft 

On the merits of sleeping bags on the Plaza 
By PHil LAUDER 

T HIS IS THE PROVERBIAl swing of thin~, and after one week of school. we are officially in il Most of you have some kind of course load -
incomplete as it may be - and most of you have 
textbooks - exorbitantly priced as they may be. Most 
of you have paid your fees by either standing in a 
quaru:r-mile-long line at the Cashier's Office or 
depositing your check in the mail drop and getting in 
a good laugh at the fools in line. Most of you freshmen 
haYe cursed (or blessed?) your campus map for leading 
you to Black's Beach instead of the Third CoUege 
Provost's Office, but haYe otherwise pseudo-figured out 

Of course, there is a drawback 
here and there in living at home-
often the M word or the D word .... 
how to get from point alpha to point beta at UCSD. 

And most of you haYe some son of settled housing 
situation by now. If you don't, you're either living in 
your car or are practicing tOr any pending anti-
apartheid sit-ins by shivering in your sleeping bag 
each night In the middle of RcYeDe Plaza. TM rest of 
you enjoy a roof abOII'e your head and a carpet below 
your feet and aI the conYeniences of modem suburbia, 
or ma)'bc urbia; you have wtw modem histOrians cal 
a "living situation." . 

If you think your courses or your profs or the 
cafeteria food or ma)'bc tM weather at the Shores is 
Flog to detennine what kind of year this wiD be, 
think again, buddy. Your living situation is probably 
the most imponant factor in making 1985-86 either a 
banner year or a year.to be erased off the floppy disks 
that you caD )'Our memory. 

Some of you live at home - a thought that Oat-out 
repulses those who have moved here from eastern 
Kentucky just to get away from Ma and Pa. When you 
live at home you still have to deal with roommates, but 
they're the same ones you've dealt with for the last 17 
to 25 years, and your staying put means you can either 
tolerate them or they have decided for you that you 

better as heU tolerate them or you'll be going for your 
degree in electrical engineering at Mesa College. 

Living at home is not aU that bad, actuaUy; it's the 
route I went with for my first year here. Meals get 
made, laundry gets done, the rent is fabulous , and it's 
doubtful that your parents are going to be blasting Van 
Halen at 3 in the morning when you're trying . to cram 
for a midterm in econ. at 8. Commuting is a drag, 
especiaUy if you live 40 miles from campus as I did , 
but four or five or even ten miles isn't a big deal at all. 
Even 40 is wonh it if you don't mind driving and 
Interstate 8 at 7:30 in the morning doesn't frazzle your 
nerves beyond reasonable repair. 

Of course, there is a drawback here and there in 
living at home - often the M word and/or the D 
v.ord and/or any little s's and b's (or s's of b's) lying 
around tM ol' homestead. The strong, almost 
instinctive desire to get the heD out draws the greater 
majority of us out of the parental estate and into some 
altemative living situation. 

Which leaves most of us with dorms or off-campus 
housing with other students. Dorms, like T rix cereal, 
are for kids. That's not to say they're bad - they're as 
convenient as life gets around here. Meals are paid for 
- that's nice. Everything's within walking/biking 
disrantt, so you don't haYe to deal with parking or 
broken £an belts or lntel'Slate 8 at 7:30 in the morning 
- that's wonderful You £edlike a pan of the coUege 
sa:ne: You meet a lot of people, you can get into the 
many social events within the dorm, you can go to any 
campus event you want whenever you want (or not), 
you're close to the beach, as in five or ten minutes 
away (depending on how much you like to wear a 
swimsuit), and life can be wonderful. 

Or not. Drawback numero uno is that you're often 
thrust into a living situation with people you've never 
met and, sometimes, people you'd never want to meet. 
A friend of mine is living with three people he's never 
met. Without getting into sordid details , let's just say 
that the world is composed of abject freaks - and 
most of them are living with him. If your dorm mates 
decide it's aU they can do to go to bed before 3, and 
you're used to lights-out at 10, something's gOlta give, 

and it'll probably be you. If the rock 'n ' roD marWIcs in 
the 250 suite keep the place rockin' 'til dawn, )"OU 
might consider getting used to sleeping in the dayIbpe. 

·Oh, get a clue in life, Phil - it's not realy m. 
bad," you say. First of aU, if you want to talk back, 
write a letter to the editor - don't just barge into my 
column , OJ< pal? Second of all, no, it usuaUy isn't thM 
bad - but it can be. A couple friends of mine loved 
their first year in the dorms; they were rommates in 
the 100 suite of Atlantis Hall on Revelle. The next year 
they stayed together and moved up to the 400 suite. 
One night 1 crashed at their place. I can usuaUy sleep 
through anything - the sound of trains, planes, 
cranes, you name it, I can sleep through it But not the 
sweet symphonies of ReveUe's dorms. We were up 'til 3 
on a weekday night when we'd gone to sleep around 
11. A couple months later - after listening to couches 
being tossed off the fourth floor and eg fights with 
neighboring dorms, one of my friends had had 
enough: He bailed and got an apanment in PB. His 
roommate stayed and acquired a jock-ish roommate he 
couldn't stand, and his year was just shon of 

I can usually sleep through 
anything... but not the sweet 
symphony of Revelle's dorms. 
miserable. Donn life - 'you gorta love il 

With off-campus housing you generaUy have more 
freedom in choosing abode-mates. While searching for 
a place, if you don't like the first impressions of the 
people you meet, you don't move in . Trouble is, if you 
do like the first impressions of the people you meet, 
you often stiD don't move in, because the decision is 
theirs. 

I once devoted a whole article to searching for off-
campus housing; to sum it up , it's a pain in the butt, 
and let's leave it at that. Trouble is, you have to tive 
somewhere: home, dorms, off campus, or .. . or .... You 
know, maybe ReveUe Plaza isn't alllhal cold this time 
of year. ~ 

Which First Interstate Bank account should I open to get coupons good for up to 
$4,000 in savi~ on airlines, cruise ships, hotels, rental cars, 1Vs, computers and more? 

The answer? Any savings, checking or certifi-
cate account 

Open any one. and ~ II give you a coupon book 
that will let you take off on PSI\. with a 2 for 1 ticket 
otTer, and take off up to: 20% on exotic cruises from 
Ask Mr. Foster; 25% at Ramadas; 35% on Nikon and 
Kodak cameras; even 40% on Panasonic and Sony 
1V s and stereos. 

In fact, by taking advantage of all the coupons 
for Samsonite luggage. Businessland computers. 
AThIT phones, Avis rental cars and more, you can take 
up to $4,000 off in all. 

But don't take too much time. You must come in 
to First Interstate Bank and open)UUf account by 
October 31, 1985. Which will give }OO plenty of 
time to use the coupons to save up to $4,000 on 
Christmas shopping or a vacation. 

Restrictions apply. One coupon book per account while quantities last. Coupons expire 12 /31 /85. 

, l. FiIsf tllelSfafe Bank 
7855 Ivanhoe Avenue, La)oUa 454-9ffi4 

_FDIC 



Ladies still ranked 13th in nation 

Spikers lose two to Division I 
By TOM FERGUSON 

T HE REBUILDING year for the UCSD women's . volleyball team is indeed . 
proving to be a challenge, nOl 
only for coach Doug Dannevik, 
but also for his players. Dannevik 
claims that, wirh the exception 
of two returning starters , none of 
the team has any extensive 
playing experience. 
Unfortunarely, this resulrs in 
many mistakes, which Dannevik 
points our are "'positive ones -
errors that are made as a result 
of nOl knowing what to do in 
cenain situations - and that 
can be corrected." 

Most recently, the Tritons 
faced Boise tate (Sept. 28) and 
the University of San Diego 
(Sept. 25). Boise State, a strong 
Divlson I team, proved to be 
dommant over the Division 1II 
Tmons . who lost m three straight 
games. 9-15. 8-15, 5-15. In the 
earher match agamst USD, also a 
DiviSIOn I opponent, the leammg 
mistakes proved to be costly as 
UCSD lost a hard-fought match 
In four games 11-15, 15-10. 15-
17, 11-15. Despite the fact that 
USD is an upper-division school, 
Dan,nevik feels that his team 
should have emerged victorious. 
"USD is not a real solid team 
but the mistakes hurt us .. .. The 
mistakes are all related to our 
being young .. .. We JUSt make 
errors that are due to our 
inexperience." Also conttibuting 
to the team's struIWe is a variety 
of injuries, which has resulted in 
coach Dannevik's not having a 
consisrent lineup for the past 

two weeks. 
Thus far, the Tritons have 

posted an 8 -9 overall record in 
their first month of play. 
However, they are undefeated in 
three games versus rival schools 
in their own Division III. They 
have bearen La Verne twice , and 
were also ~ictorious over UC 
Santa Cruz. Dannevik stated that 
the outlook is very good for the 
rest of the season. "Historically 
we stan out slow ... In a previous 
year we staned 14-11 and 
eventually finished 24-12." In the 
next twO weeks, all but two 
teams that the Tritons will face 
are Division \II. "Now we will get 
to know how good we are versus 
teams of our own calibre," says 
Dannevik. 

Dannevik hopes that UCSD 
fans will be as patient as he has 
to be in thiS rebuilding year, 
(espwally) following last year's 
nanonal championship. (Sound 
familiar, Padre fans? ) 'We're JUSt 
hopmg that the fans WIll be 
patient WIth us .... As a coach I'm 
having to be patient. ThiS team 
is of national calIbre (currently 
ranked # 13 m the nation), 
maybe nOt narional 
championship .. .. In all sponing 
avenues, fans need to suppon 
when rebuilding as well as when 
winning .... They're jusr nOt used 
to us losing." Attendance at the 
Triton games has been 
"outstanding," according to 
Dannevik. "and we'd like to see 
rhe fans keep coming back." The 
fans can cast their ballots at the 
next home game, Oct. 16 vs. Cal 

Carol Upson, Ellen Chi and Janet Hughes (front to bach) seule the offense. 

Dee Dee Bigelow #9 and Janet Hughes #14 of UCSD bloch a spike last weeh against USV. 

State San Bernardino. 
Dannevik's squad is entering 

this imponant stretch with a 
host of injuries - mosdy minor 
aches and pains - that may 
limit his team's effectiveness. 
' We had a series of injuries early 
in the season that might have 
hurt us ," said the coach, "but we 
overcame them and 1 feel thar we 
can do it again. The girls always 
give me 100 percent, anyway." 

The Tritons will be traveling to 
Colorado Springs to take place in 
the annual Colorado College 
Invitational on Friday and 
Sarurday Oct. 11 and 12. They 
then return home to play Pt. 
Lorna College in Pt. Loma on 
Oct. 15 before returning to the 
Gym against Cal State San 
Bernardino. 

V-bell NOleS: The team has 
won four of their last seven 

matches .... This Friday (Oct. 4) 
the Tritons travel to La Verne to 
play Elizabethtown, a school 
from Pennsylvania, before 
heading to Occidental College on 
Saturday .... The Tritons can 
improve their Division m this 
weekend and next at an aD-
Division 1lI tournament in 
Colorado Springs .... Carol Lipson 
leads the Triton squad with 135 
kills. ~ 

Chargers play defense 
Bass gets sacked 
By JOHN SCHACHT, Sports EdiIor 

In the never ending search for 
their defense - or someone 
else's - the San Diego Chargers 
announced that defensive 
coordinator Tom Bass had been 
fired this Tuesday in a move 
whose riming is to be questioned 
and whose wisdom is irrelevant. 

Charger owner Alex Spanos, in 
his second year at the helm of 
the club, replaced Bass with 
Dave Adolph, who was an 
assistant coach this year with 
San Diego and spent the last six 
years working with the develand 
defense. Spanos, whose patience 
is proving to be as short as his 
hair, claimed that the present 
Charger defense should not have 
ranked where it was and has 
been the last fiv.c years or so. At 
the bottom. 

The move's timing is being 
questioned considering that Bass 
was just given a new defensive 
secondary and line to work with 
the last year and a half. So far 
through four games this year, San 
Diego has given up an average of 
30 points a game and has 
proved itself anemic against such 
hall-of-farners as Boomer 
Essiasan and VInce Ferragamo 
The brunt of the fans ' anger has 
been leveled at Bass, although 

the DUe culprints may be a 
nonexistent pass rush and the 
centuries that opposing 
quarterbacks have had to throw 
the ball. 

But at of these theories -
including the one for which Bass 
was to blame - seem naively 
shon-sighted . Ever since the 
onset of Don CoryeU's reign as 
Charger head coach, San DieF's 

. defense has moved backwards in 
direct proportion to their aerie! 
advancement. Initially, Jack 
Pardee was brouaht in to 
reSttUCture the "clefense." The 
year before, Pardee had been the 
Washington Redskins' defensive 

. COIICh of the year. Mysteriously, 
he became the worst defensive 
coach in football. The next year 

~ was unemployed, and Tom 
Bass - knoWn lor the brilliant 
threelfour defense he had 
modeled in Tampa Bay - was 
ftown in to fIX die irreparable. 
During both reigns, the Chargers 
went through seemingly 
hundreds of defensive backs -
both rookie and cast. olT alike -
and yet no one could seem to 
cover hiS own rails , let alone the 
oppositlon's. Unless your daft -
as perhaps Spanos is - you can 
see some son of perven.c theme 

developing here . 
If not. perhaps another 

example will jog the old grey 
maarr. Befort CoryeU ever came 
to ~e Chargers, he was head 
coach of a team called the St. 
Louis Canli.-.als, who were 
known as the Cardiac Cards 
because a) they scored a ton of 
points, and b) so did the other 
team. This made for rather 
exciting games during which 
both teams would march up and 
down the field and practice their 
offenses. Sound familiar? Sounds 
like Air CoryeD. 

The root of San Diego's 
terminal defensive problems is 
that the head coach thinks 
nothing but offense. It is not fair 
to assume that he doesn't care, 
or that he doesn't have 
contingency plans (or when 
Fow and Co. don't have the 
ball; it's just that there is a 
primary ernphasia on offense in 
aU of CoryeU's learns. Always has 
been , always win be. Make no 
mistake, the man Is perhaps one 
of the greatest offensive 
coordinators to have ever 
coached a team. But rhere are, 
unfortunarcly for hIm , two sides 
to footbaU , and defense is the 

Please rum to page 13 

Watennen slide by 
ClareDlont Mudd 
-

By David Tedrow 
In each of the past two years, 

UCSD and Claremont-Mudd 
have met for the combined 
Division n and III championship. 
last year Claremont won and die 
previous year the Tritons were 
victorious. They are also the only 
two division UI schools rank£d 
among the tOp 20 schools in the 
nation, with UCSD ranked 11th 
and Claremont ranked 17th. In 
addition, the teams usually face 

each other three or rour times a 
year. Thus, it is no surprise that 
they have become tivaTs. in 
recem years. 

Before Friday's march, the two 
teams had met twice. UCSD won 
a contrOVersial first game in 
overtime, and then a second by 
a relatively comrortable 8-4 
malJin. JUdging by the quality of 
teams that me T ritans have 
defeated this year, one would 

Triton freshman Jefferson Smith prepares to pass the baU. 

", >-
< c( 
", C 
lJ (/) 
-< 0:: 
-I Ob~d~~c~i~c~ne * ::> J: * :r c I-
lJ >-en dance 0:: 0 lIJ 
» AT THE V\,fST > 
-< 2201 el cajon blvd. lIJ 

STEP INTO THE DRIVER'S SEA T! 
For more information concerning the 
programs leading to a commission in the 
United States Navy or Marine Corps, 
contact the Navy NROTC unit at 

260-4811 

conclude that they are a far 
better team than Claremont. 
However, they seem to play to 
Claremont's l~l in every 
meeting, and this latest march 
was no different. It was a game 
marred at times by an 
inconsistent, unbalanced Triton 
offense, and an ~sive, 
slow-reaains defense. 
Nevtnheless, UCSD was stiD able 
to win their home opener 7~. 

Tom Moore drew lirst blood in 
the game on a four-meter penalty 
shol early in the 6rst quaner. He 
was able to mak£ his free shol to 
give ucso the early lead. 
However, this lead - like most 
in this see-saw battle - did not 

, last long as Claremont came back 
to tie the score. Freshman Peter 
McConnville gave UCSD their 
second lead In the game when 
he p open in front of the 
comer of Claremont's goal. 
Hesitating his shot just enough, 
he was a&le to draw the goalie 
out or position and put the baD 
into the open net. 

Claremont opened the second 
quarter by tying the game, 2-2. 
UCSD then took the lead as 
Moort scored his second goal of 
the day. This one came with 
UCSD in a man-up situation 
after a Claremont player had 
been kicked out. By the time rhe 
first half ended , however, the 
game was again tied. Late in the 
half. Claremont was threatening 
and had the ball inside, close to 

LOTTEQY TICKET & 
Instant Winners! 

PIZZA ~TOP 
714 Ventura PI. 
Mission Beach 
488-4800 

Student 
Special 

3~C percopy 
No Minimum/No Waiting 

With Valid Student 10 
8:h x 11 20 Ib, white 

machine fed 
MillIOn Valley 

Downtown 
Golden Triangle 

~fIIIMGU 
(Ill fhe con~f9llOncI 

buIlding across 
from ute) 

4320 10 JOlla village dr 
su,fe 265 

458-1909 

Thursday, October 3, 1985 

SPORTS 

• 

Coach Denny Harper points the way to the opposition's goa/. The Tritons 
SlA£~e~ followed his lead St'IItn tirnt:s in their victory. 

the Triton net. The Tritons 1IIIere 
able to steal the ball, but their 
pass into Falie Duncan Millar 
was in rum stolen; an aien 
Claremont player quickly scored, 
knocking one of Millar's contacts 
loose in the process. 

Clartmont went ahead for the 
first time in the game, scoring 
when UCSD was down a man in 
the third quarter. It was the 
Tritons' tum to even the game as 
Jefferson Smith took advantage of 
a man-up situation by firing his 
shot into the net to tie the score 
yet again. Smith scored his 
second goal in a row on a UCSD 

Plea!le turn to page 14 

r-----

Sacked 
Continued from page 12 
other one. 

No maner who rolls in here 
after Bass, or afrer Adolph next 
year, or after Danny Walters, G~l 
Byrd and Wayne Davis, they WIll 
be wearing the giant albarross of 
the most offensive coach in the 
NFL It's roo bad, because Coryell 
is not a bad guy - just an 
offensive one. ~ 

r---- WI1li1lllSAD ____ _ 
I THE 26 
: 2Iogurt (/11lair 
I frozen 
: yogurt creations 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

,\01 V"'.J Wlih AnI Olhr, OJIo 

• WATCH FOR. 
LOTIERY TICKETS HERE 

• 10J0 Torrcy PInes Rd. In4 c..met~. 
• at HtnchcI Padic 8tach La.lola 48l-5483 
• 4S4-4869 fl.11"<> W17/85 
L - - ONE PER CI.ISTONER - - -

Casual. Comfortable. 
CaHfomJan. 



14 Thursday, October 3, 1985 
SPORTS 

Watermen 
goal by firing an untouched 
ourside shot into the net. 

dock ticked away, Claremont 
maneuvered the ball around for 
one last shol. With little time lefl, 
they passed it into their twO-
meter man, but UCSD's Millar 
came out of the net 10 steal the 
ball and preserve the win for the 
Triton squad , 

I 11I1II1I1I1I1I1I .. 1I1II1I1I1I1I1I1I11II1I11II1I1II1I1II1II111II1I ...... ntlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll1II1I .... 11~ 

Continued from page 13 
counterattack (water polo's 
version of a fast break) to pur 

Claremont scored the only 
goal in the final stanza as both 
teams failed to take advantage of 
several scoring opportunities. 
However, Claremont did have 
one laSt chance 10 tie the game 

Intramural Captain Meetings 

Women's Volleyball Thu. OCI. 3 Rec.Gym Con.Rm. 
Men's Volleyball Thu. Oct. J Rec Gym Con.Rm. 
Cocd Ultimate DISC Fn . Oct. 4 Rec Gym Con.Rm. 
Coed Team Tenms Fn ct 4 Rec .Gym Con .Rm. 
Cocd Tube Waterpolo Fn. Oct. 4 Rec Gym Con .Rm. 
3-on·3 Ba kctball Mon . Oct 7 Rec.Gym Con .Rm. 

4 pm 
5 pm 
J pm 
4 pm 
5 pm 
4 pm 

the Tritons back on lOp. 
Oaremont again came back, 
scored, and tied the game for the 
sixth and final time. Late In the 
third quarrer, john Klock scored 
what proved to be the winning 

and send it mto overtime. With 
23 seconds left , they had the ball 
in UCSD territory With the 
Tritons down a r:tan As the 

The viCtory improved the 
team's record to 7 and S. The 
team plays UCLA In Los Angeles 
before traveling to Berkeley to 
play in the Nor-Cal tournament 1J IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIII II IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIII 

Beforeyou make 
G long distance ilmenl, 

make sure you know 
whalyou're ng 

If Fletcher Christian and Captain Bligh had 
known what being stuck in the same boat 
would mean, chances are neither would have 
set foot aboard. . 

And if you're stuck in the same boat with a long 
distance company that doesn't give you all the 
services you need, it's easy to harbor mutinous 
thoughts. 

But when you pick AT&T as your long distance 
company, you know you're in for smooth sailing. 

© 1985 AT&T Communlcalions 

You'll get trouble-free, reliable service. Immediate 
connections-even during the busiest hours. 
Guaranteed 60% and 400!& discounts off our Day 
Rate on state-to-state caIJs. And operators to 
assist you with immediate credit for wrong 
numbers and collect calling. 

So when you're asked to choose a long distance 
company, sign aboard with AT&T. With AT&T Long 
Distance Service, you'll never be left stranded. 
Reach out and touch someone. 

ATaT 
The right choice. 

-

Kickers 
Win 4th 
Straight 

Forgive the ladies soccer team 
this year if they have a slight 
identity crisis. Two weeks ago, 
the lady Tritons were 0-4 and on 
a long and depressing bus ride 
home after having been 
clobbered by Westmont 6-0. One 
of their top players was probably 
out for the year and the girls had 
scored a total of one goal in four 
games. Things were downright 
bleak with no relief in sight. 

However now, twO shorr weeks 
later, the ladies of Coach john 
Leaney's soccer team have done 
an about-face and are tearing up 
the west coast as though they 
owned it. With a 4-0-1 record 
since that quiet bus ride, UCSD 
has scored 22 goals to the 
opposition's five. celebrated the 
return of one of their tOP players, 
and set about establishing 
themselves as one of the teams 
to beat in the region for next 

ALL CAL TOURNAMENT 
SCHEDULE 

Friday lO:OOam UCSD vs. 
Riverside 

UC Irvine vs. UC Santa Cruz 
1:00pm UC Davis vs. UC Riverside 

UC Santa Cruz vs. UClA 
4:00pm UCSD vs. UC Davis UC 

Irvine vs. UCLA 
Saturday Times and Games To Be 

Announced 

year - the first year that 
ran kings appear for the new 
Division 1lI National 
Championships. 

This last weekend was a 
profitable one for the ladies as 
they increased their record 
against Division III schools to 3-
o by dominating Claremont 
Mudd's Stags. The Tritons also 
exacted a ~ measure of 
revenge from Wesonont by 
beating them 2-1 at Warren fidd 
last Saturday. For UCSD, the 
Wesonont game was a better test. 
MIt was nice beating Claremont 
but the Westmont game was the 
one we wanted." said their 
delighted coach. MWe played very 
wen against them in the first 
game in Santa Barbara but just 
had a bad 15 minutes when they 
punished us for our mistakes. 
We had something to prove in 
the return game and we did just 
that." 

Chris Ladish. Wendy Inouye 
and lyn Bailey scored the Fals 
for UCSD In their 3-0 win over 
Mudd, and laurie O'Connen and 
Adriene Clark scored in the win 
over Westmont. Clark getting the 
game-winner on her fifth Fat of 
me season. The Tritons 
weathered a strong raDy by 
Wesonont and. according to 
leaney, "played marvelous 
defense - panicularly three 
young freshmen: Susan Kramer, 
Ann Moses and Lori Pietila. 
Sophomore Anita del Beno also 
handled the situation superbly, 
organizing the defense wen." 
- Compiled from john leaney's 

notes 

March of Dimes 
__ TH DEFECtS fOUNIl'TION_ 

SAVES BABIES 
HELP FIGHT 
BIRTH DEFECTS <lp 

Thursday, October 3, 1985 1 S 
SPORTS 

DELIVERY THAT'S 
NING THE WEST 

WE' , S FARGO SIUDENT LOANS 
Speedy Processing: At Wells Fargo, we're 
committed to rapid turnaround. Our state-of-the-
art student loan system enables us to give your 
loan request prompt attention and swift handling. 
~ Make It Simple: No additional bank fonns 
are required, and you don't need to have a credit 
history or account relationship in order to qualify. 
Courteous Customer Service: Our service 
representatives are ready to answer )QUr ques-
tions. We appreciate your business, and we're 
anxious to make your dealings with Wells Fargo 
Bank pleasant and hassle-free. 
Choose Wells Fargo: If a student loan is part 
of your plans for financing your education, then 

tell your financial aid office that you want to go 
through Wells Fargo Bank. Soon after you mail 
us your application, you'll begin to see why 
Wells Fargo was the smart choice. 
If you need more information, we'd be happy 
to help ... phone or write us today! 
Call (800) 641-0473 Toll-Free 
Weekdays 8 AM-5:30 PM 

Wells Fargo Bank 
Student Loan Center 
P.O. Box 9368 
Walnut Creek. CA 94598 

.. 

.. 



16 Thursday. October J. 1985 

Announcements 
FlEE TIMEJ 5I&qI less. learn faster. 
Inc,.. your GPA. pass exams 
dr' 1\4 1nelplr1SNe. prCMn. rtPN 
,...,. lIMing IDOl. Money-bad<-
gur.-.ed reub. DlII 755-6699 now! 
(10/lf 
RESEARCH PROILEMS7 All Ie\.fl - all 
areas. Fore9l SbJdenCs ~ Thesis 
CDU'RIng" MIIIabIe. Dr. AmoId, 213-
477-8474',1-4 pml. /10.141 
The PaIaIIns /Me • the Triton Pub His 
Friday Oct 4, 6:30-9:30 lafter TGI no 
aNef ~ wefmme. /10131 
FREE FREE FREE QJesadjlla. ~ one 
0UesadiIa from Food For Thouglt Co. 
and get a second FREEl We de/ive" 
Roberto's mexican bod to your dorm Of 
on campus apt at 11:00 pm. call 587-
WILD by 10:15. That's 587-9453. ~ 
good ttYolqI1001o-B5. 110/71 
HEALW:HE ~MENT GROlI'. 
'Jhutsd¥. 3:30-4:30 pm. beglming Oct. 
10. Student Health SeMces Isponsored by 

~.-ld ~ SeMces). 
call ~ McClellan • 452-3035 b' 
irlbmatlon DxJt sig1ing up. 110131 
Want ID Isw the U.s. but don't know 
how ID ftlWla your ~7 Come to .. 
Info session sponsored by the 
0pp0r'tlntIes Abroad 0f'IIa. and learn 
about ~optlons at the undergrad and 
~ IM!B. indudng ftnandal aid, 
sct1c8'stip5. funchlsWlg .-ld wortdng 
abroad. MeetWlg will be nus. OCt 3 • 
noon at the ntematlonal Center. /10131 
Help start a UCSD ATHEIST Q.l8 ~ 
~ over ~ OfgiWliDtions br ChrIsIYns. 
~ not one b' ~ of us IMio don't 
~? ACTMTJES: 0iscussI0n groups. 
sponsor spNkers. proIIide Iterature. 
socMI glltltltlgs. CaI.Jeff 455-0640. LaIr 
M!r*'9 best time. /10/31 
nred of tikWlg 4 dasses per quarterI 
~ up your sahclJle with .. 
i IItfllSNp. Ac.ademIc internship f'rc9am, 
_ 406. \hTen campus. PO/71 
ICB BooIcs ~ here to st.¥II I..oINest prices 
SJ*-1.ItItd Buy & sell baCh rtPN and 
used books. ~ Gteat EMth \Manil 
'''' RoIIptal 452-8350. AMES. ArtltYo, 810, Chern. Econ. EECS.. His. Ung.. Ut. 
MilCh. Phi~ fbIsd. 110/31 
Join \Iet'Ibn IAJndll .. Of~ br 
people SQrWig hi!1l tech ~ Grt 
the support hIgl tectl ecea need. UlI 
483-3228 br me«ing info. PO/31 
AI bNctl tuYlIes ~ ir'Mted ID the 8-R 
open Sat lo.n • Ikjc's sponsored by 
tNt crazy uf dub./l0131 

LOTT[QY TICK[T~ 
Instant Winners! 

PIZZA &TOD 
714 Venlure PI. 
HiMion Beach 
488-4800 

M...wnMOUTH 
EXCHANGE 

W ..... Quarter. 
1985 

Deadline for 
applications 

FrIday, October 11, 
1985. Contact 

Maxine Walker at 
the Muir Provost's 

OffIce for 
application 
Information. 

Ft I..1uderdaIe blow out: SPRING BREAK 
call row, no obligation, loW need to /cnoIN 
how rM1Y students are Int~, call 
N0IlI450-0620.110/171 
1st surf team ladder contest Sun 7:30am 
Blade's. AddtlonaI info avail. at snow 
c:one booCtt at FFOG~IOI3) 
HEAl:W:HE MMlAGEMENT GROU'. 
'TlusdiPJS. 3:»4:30 pm. begiming 
October 10, Student Healttl Ser.1crS 
Isponsored by Psychological and 
Counseling Services I. Call Penny 
McClellan at 452-3035 br inI'ormatJon 
about slgnng up.IIOI31 
Tall & big mens clothes ~ Yl pm of big 
& tall shops /ocatrd at Sports Nena swap 
meet Sat & Sun.IIO/31 

Personals 
• 

The Delta Sigma Phi fraternity is accepting 
rtPN members thru Oct II. Come by our 
bOoth on ReYeIIe.110131 
To !hat h.-.dsome guy in PoN. SO. 1l0A 
who c:arrIes the blue shoulder bag. How 
about a date 7 ,.. show you ~ {,n )"OU 
can ha.<e rNdIng Plato. From the blond 
chIck.110131 

A chance to get off-alflllUS br 10 to 40 
hours a weekI Come and lind out how 
can you ~ «.ademic credt I'or It. 
~c In~ f'n9am. Bldg. 406. 
Warren ca"lM. 110/71 

~I Big SSS at KB Books. LDwest prices 
guar .. teed. campus~. Come ~ 
GtNt Earth VItamins lnear Ralphsl or call 
452-8350. AMES, Anth.1Io. Chern, Econ. 
EEes. His. Lang. Lit, Math. PE, Phi~ 
fblisd, ~. 110/31 
CaTIe by !he Delta Sigma Phi illy ~ 
pan;y, INs Friday B:OI pm, Villa La .Jolla 
CkJbhousef1013) 

Services 
STAR WORDS TYPING & WORD 
PROCESSING. 9580 Blk. MIn. Rd. Ste.G. 
Stude'lt papers, thesis. 578-4041. (10/17) 
World Class Word Processing for all your 
typing needs. TIoga Hall H-31, 455-9709. 
110/3) 
Typing & \XIord ProcessWlg. ln Clalremont, 
Tues-Fri 10.6. Sat 9-1. Gail, T.ndem 
Enterprise, 279-4953. 111/71 
Pro~lonal Typing-Fast, accurate, 
spelling mtreCted. 16 yrs. ecp.. near 
UCSO, Fen)' 452-1393 eII'e. 110131 

HOW \XtOULO YOU UKE TO GET PAID 
TO STlDY777 If enrolled in EECS 601 
Ung. 63 or USP 10 and are a good reader, 
call Rlct1 @453-9879 for details. 110/31 
Ski free and earn commissionl Now hiring 
carIlM reps to promote snow siding and Mara,., t/1)s. Must be outgoing and 
I1'IOII\.Iated. 1IecIt* hours. Contact Mr. 
8uddey, Mlennn tours LTD. 16191 272-
9660 coII«t. 10131 

~\IIoWUd-Law~g,y. Small 
La Jolla 910m Law oilier needs IncJvklJaI 
with good t)flIng skills, powt-time. No 
prior legal expo necessary. FlexIble hours. 

4~13OB; 459-0032. 110/31 

Lost a Found 

AJo.D'( ERICKSQI'tt.I I found your walletl To 
claim call honest Todd at 455-1817.1101101 
Lost gold class ring last qtr. around 
Warnrt apts. lkllv. Notre Dame emblem. 
light blue stone set in crown. initials RRH 
Insatbed. "bJnd ",II Joe • 488-1262. 
possible reward.(lO/l71 
Found 0Iasses CDtrq mpper color • 
TUi 9-16-85 turned In at EDNA. 
REWARDII For gold SeHco lost at TKE kJau 
Sept 28. caN 587-9326. Uz.IIO/71 

TYPEWRITER electric Smit~Corona with 
quid( c:tlange cartridge. S90 Chuck 25~ 
0659.110131 
1984 5-10 Chevy Tahoe, ale, ps, tilt wheel, 
aJto, w/steel shell, cru~ control, 
Iongbed, cassette, AM/FM w/equalizer-
boOSter. call day or evening. 25~ 
9004.110/71 
26- men's Murty I bHCtl cruiser only 
ridden a fNf times S60.oodayor n/glt call 

25~9004.110/7J 
75AMCPacrr6ty1aJtornaticOlYj 75000 
miles runs great dependable 5600.00 Bill 
457-2479.110131 
70 Honda CB250 motorc:ycle has 
windstIIeId and Is ~ legal 5150.00 
BIll 457-2479.110131 
56 VW <MIl IIIIindow Bug m~~ 
restored 53200.00 Of beSt offer. ~ 
459-7226, 222-8281./10/31 
65 Chevy Yl ton work trudc rtPN motOf, 
tr..s, brakes, tires. no problems at all. 
[)jp,,4e 45~ 7226, 222-8281./10/31 
TypewrIter, portable wlGM, special 
characters, excellent shape 535. Koss 

~hones, rtPN $19. HItac:tlI & Sor¥ 
~ decks 575, 5130 rep. Kodak else 
camera almost rtPN 528. Sklis 518, 525, 
545. Couch, 2-pIece sectioNI, off white, 
bNutiluL sharp looking 5145. 481-
3215.110/31 

To ~ little tIrO Howle: I am ~aI~ glad 
that)OO are ~ • UCSO and want you 
ID know that I will be here to ~ )"OU at 

~. '!bur Big 810: ~.110131 
~d I'or ~ng lost WOfTIerl'S 
SeHco watd'I. Lost at Sa1lPs bNch Sat. 
Sept. 28. Call Uz 587-9326.110/71 

SCUBA 0iIIersI u.s. CiIIers II) cu ft SCt..JB..-. 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast ~ce. ~ Got! braatet,.. Pub. ca. ID Tn wI OACOR Detux Badcpadc. Exdt 
~~";"~2Jt.j;ffsf!1\.teIy· Id!rdy. 454-7375 .r 6pm.llO/lOI cond SilO. GIl 457-4365·/10/101 

Tappa ICegga Brew, the beer~ 
fraternity. No one kldcs our AS.I ~ ~ 

TCis~IO/lOI 
PhI Dt1t11heta. !he remglized INder on 
campus. IIMh us .-.cI find out ~.110/31 
anng )"OUr pulkMr and ~ to 
the 0Ubtii idng D5P illy INgue par1¥ FrI 
aol "'III 1..I..bIIa.11013} 
TKE. the criJ greetc )'OU need ID know: 
rush T1CE Ittle sister ~. nt> 
~1IbIe. TICE table. 110/31 
REWAROII For gold SeItco lost. TKE kJau 
Sat, Sept. 28. GrNt sentlrneral vaU. 
Please call 587-9326.110/71 
SkIp, MAry look! A party br us. OSP illy 
INgue party, fri. 8:01 "'~ 1..1 Jolla 
CUIhouse·lf0/31 
&ceI1ena Is not .. acc:ld!nt Rush Phi 
Delta lhefa. 110/31 
As )00 can see, greeks eft a very 

~t part of ~ at lX:SO. Don't be 
left bet*ld. Rush the okiest ... largest 
tr~ on ~. Rush TKE and the 
Little Sister pro{1am. Info on R!Yde fWa. 
110/3/ . 

Hlrv~rd, 'Q1e, Princeton. Columbia. 
IIroIM\ l..CSD ind OSP's illy INgue party 
FrI 8:01 ""Ia ~ Jolla Apts.(10131 
Want ID ~ in the U.K. or 1~1and for a 
quarter, semester, or academic yell7 
Come meet with reps of U of East AngIIa 
IEnglandl .-ld Be~r College, and ~am 
about ~ and Internship pnqam5 
ttToug1out the U.K. and Ireland. Meeting 
will be at I pm in the InrI Ctr lounge 

F~ Oct 4 li~ following the Cafer. (1013) 

Wanted 

TeIept'Ollt YIes IeId gtlltt.Ut Ig no 
selling IrMMd saIIry N CDn'IrI1Issb\ 
FuI/tIme ~. ull lob ~ 
9488.110/31 
W..ud:Srnart 0UIg0/ng assertNe c:aI!rs 
br ucso. ~S4.15/hour pl.Is botUes 
gain vaIuIbIe ~ ecpertence. 
Wortc on c.afI1lUS--ftedbIe hours ~ ~ 
UCSD's 25th ~ ~. CIII 
LJy Osborn br an 1I .. .trw. 587-1589 
between ~5 rt.Irs. ~I Frl IFId 
Mon.IIO/71 
Wetsult wamed. Women's medium 15'5-1 
or men's small. ~ 453-9161.110/31 
Women with serious premenstrwl 
teriSlon symptoms lmood changeS, 
Irritmilltyl to ~ n pilei resath 
~ IrMlMng medClClon Ifld blood 
draws. Nine weetc ~ requires ~ 
hour visits tIMce ~week. ~ be~, 
ha.<e regular =. t)des Ifld not be 
taking ~ ~~ Indudng bIrIh 

co~ pills. ull ~ at 453-7500, ext. 
3218 Of ~ message .452-4750.,,0/71 
KeyboardIst/synth p,¥r wanted tlr 
party band. Call Ken 453-6787.(10/7) 
MOOELS - rtPN faces b'swimsUt series 
In EUFq)4!" magazlne. [);Md Schoen 
Photo. 16191 74~3435. 110/311 
Child care needed in my U1Iv. City home. 
Tues. 3:30-5:30 Wed. all day thJrs. 12:30-
5:30. Own trans. 453-5386. 110/31 

Find out if you qualify for our 12-week training 
and a career in the Alrtine/Travel industry. 

Join over 2500 Graduates placed with more 
than 90 Airtines 

MONIMY· OCTOBER 7 
STARDUST HOTEL AND COUNTRY CLUB 

950 Hotel Circle Rd. 
SAN DIEGO. CA 

2: P .... or 7:00 P.M. 

WEDNESDAY· OCTOBER 8 
LAWRENCE WELK VlL.LAGE 
8875 a...wr.nc. Weak Drtve 

ESCONDIDO. CA 
2:00 P.M. or 7:00 P.M. 

Airli ne Interviews are scheduled on campus 
during your train ing program ! 

INTERNATIONAl AIR ACADEMY 
V,l '1 r: 0 u ~ f' r • C, t Lou I c) • 0 r1 t d r I (J 

>N .1 c, hi n q tor MIs C, 0 U r ,~ j I f (, 'n I 

FOU'IIO: Gold cross necklace on ThIrd For trade on~ ~27, ~29, I~2 Bruer 
C~. u. ~ 294-4537/225- shDwsexcstereoqualilywant~30show 
2882 ask br ~~IO/IOI desperate~ Q/I \MI 259-0765.110131 
Lost: GIey swraer has ~. sentimental ~ rent ~ )"OU can own? Corm 
..... Made ~ Esprit. Reward. call Gina ,.,.. IOct 5100. call 561-6318 I!~ 
• 224-1876 ., 6.110/101 ~.110131 

For Sale 
8uIdc ~ 76 Power steering. 
MVFM, buckft seats powerful engine. 
SI200 01 best Call SW 7~5490.110/7I 
Don't rtnt a donn rdtdge buy mnI 
C ... & wortcs WNt 555 caN todd at 

MEIICURY MONTEGO 73. 2 doors, nn 455-1817·110131 
ec:tItr It radio ... cond., edI!rior good. 
77HJ797 a bGeorgeChen.,6 pm 
eapt Sat. & Sun. (10/31 Housing 
watw/Cl)<er dIUIe model ~ old + Jyr 
lUI seNce CDntriICt 5450 Paul 457-1792 
(10/3) 
19n HondI C84OOF. Good KUdenI 
trans. NM Iq) end ... tire IIW1UII. 
AIJdrig 545O.JIm 45~ 3594 Abr 5.110/31 
1912 v.nIha \t1skIn NM are N bItIIfy 
50 rJ1)g. nn smooch 11K miles shift drNe 
SIJOO stew 274-0306. /10/31 
0Inene set-twma, leak 0CQSi0naI 
tallies. hu.y p&nt1iIlg bag. small 8&W 
TVwtlhAM and FM. 270-3288. 110.31 
Ford PInID W~ 73, SlIde. rriabIe. S400 
Pat. 457-4286. 110/71 
Rad skareboard. Hot sur1board. KlII« 
wrtsuit. Good prias. call iff 755-6437. 
110131 
AMPUAEO Fender Super Reverb, 19705, 
exaHent concltlon with aMI' and 
casters. ~'t fit on ~ to Englandl 
5400. Jan 452-3466 days; 696-8066 
ewnlngs. 112/51 
Ice SIcatrs - Brarid new 11-12, AD&O 
Books, Comics. Tom 755-0192 ,,0131 
'WI Bug 5350, 'WI Dasher 5750, must 
setl. Tom 75s.Q192 110/31 
'68 Triunl*I TR250 rare English roadster. 
Beautiful car 53. SOO abo ~ message. 
483-3362. 110131 
For sale: 3.2 ruble ft. San)o refrigerator 
SSO call Katen at 455-0639. 110/31 
1976 Buid( C~, 4-dr, aJto., air 
concJtloning. powrr steering. brakes. 

~at. Even the c:Ioc:k worksl MecNnicaI~ 
\Nell maintained, hOM., receipts. s906. 
.Jan 452·3466 days; 69fr8066 eve. 
(12/51 

VISUAlS 
HAIR DESIGN STUDIO 

7841 FAY AVENUE 
• ... 989 

$15.00 
Haircut 

hdudes Shampoo, 
Condlt1onef. Slyle 

Plus FREE MoIstullzlng 
ReconstructIOn Trootment 

($45 value) 
By AppoIntment 

ASK FOR BRUCE 
~nt nme alent. Only 

RoomrriIIe wan1ed. Del Mar, 0cNn 
\4ew. need 3 raommIIIeS br ~ 4 bed, 2 ... 
til condo. 2 bIodcs ID OCU'I dose ID 
stqIptng , as. 3~ miles ID school SJNl 
location. MIIlft, responsible. & d81 
perJOI'l please. 365+115 uti. ull Sarah. 
481-"7. 110/31 
Room for rent n I..lJoIa condo. Huge -
IMng .-ld dining mIS. wash-cty, dshwsh. 
FpIc. pooI,jacuzzi + tennis. r<JeN all, 1.5 
mI. 1D UC. Rent 5310-ntg0t First. IastplJs 
deposit. 457-5135 betMen 5 .-ld 7. 
110/31 . 
MIra Mesa 3 br 2 biI condD has 2 rms br 
rent S270-5290 pool & spa. Ph. 695-9758. 
110131 
Female rOOfl'1fl1atr wanted-PB--share 2 
Br 2nd story apt. I Y.r bIodcs ID beach. 
5325+Y.r. leslie 483-2047, 483-3244. 
110/71 
2 rooms for rent in beautiful U Shore 
home lfemales onIyl 5280 & 5290 + 
utilities call anytime 454-3410. 
Room for rent in La ..blla mndo. ~ 
llIIIng and elning rms. wash<try. dshwsh. 
FpIc. pool. jacuzzi + trnnIs. NNr all, 1.5 
mi. to UC. Rent 5310 negot. FIrst. last plus 
deposit. 457-5135 between 5 and 
7.110/31 
Free Room & Boardl Own room on Mt 
SId. What's the catch70rMchlknnand 
do light hotR c1Jt/es. Must ha.<e own GIl. 
Gas paid. 454-2024.110/31 

~ wanted to sh;n Mst Bdr In 
condo UC. ~ pool jacuzz Iaun radabl 
SAlna 5275/mo 457-2371 ·MaIe.1I0/7J 

MODEL MIKEY 8< KAAA 
PHOTO OW CRUISE 
HAIR BRUCE ANIQE 



An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 
Vol. 10. No. 2 October 3. 1985 

Then Was the Sutntner of 
by daniel thomas 

The unique marriage between UCSD 
and the La Jolla Playhouse celebrated its 
third season this summer in a 
consummation that featured - so to 
speak - ((something old, something new, 
something borrowed and something 
blue." 

Those already familiar with the 
Playhouse will remember that last year's 
new musical, Big River, swept the Tony 
awards in New York,. while As You Like It 
and Maybe I'm Doing It Wrong were also 
honored with awards in San Diego and 
Los Angeles. 

The La Jolla Playhouse opened this 
summer with a revised musical play, 
Merrily We Roll Along, from composer 
Stephen Sondheim and playwright 
George Furth, and directed by James 
Lapine. This rework ... in ... progress told the 
tuneful story of a Broadway dream gone 
sour, of three good friends who broke up 
their partnership. The show was 
structured in reverse and told in 
flashbacks, opening at a Hollywood party 
in the '70s and working step by step back 
through New York in the '60s. The close, 
working friendship broke up after an 
insult; after one of them sold out; after 
the divorces; after they had all sort of sold 
out and had their Broadway hit; after they 
had worked so well together, had so much 
fun singing, drinking their beers and 
sodas ... you get the picture. At the end of 
the show came the inevitable scene 
showing how the friends first met in 1957 
on top of the apartment roof on the night 
of Sputnik when everyone was singing. 

Something Blue is the name for this song 
about a friendship that died. 

Bertolt Brecht's early work, A Man's A 
Man, translated by Gerhard NeUhaus and 
directed by Robert Woodruff, was the 
second production of the Playhouse this 
summer. 

please tum to page 3 

This Content: 
Merrily We Roll Along 
A Man's a Man 
Ghosts on Fire 
The Sea Gull 



Editon 
MIKEL TOOMBS 

ALICIA AGOS 

Contributon 
JOHN ASHLEE 

ANDREA HARMON 
MARLA HELLMAN 

ROBER T LEONE 
ART SALAZAR 
SUZI SIXTEEN 

DANIEL THOMAS 

, 

Editorial: 452-6580 
AdvertiJinl: 452·3~ 

Hiatus is published every 
Thursday of the academic 
year as a supplement to the 
UCSD GUARDIAN. Re-
production or use of any 
portion of this magazine 
without written permission 
is a no-no. We welcome 
unsolicited letters. manu-
scripts and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Contents 
Cover: Bill Irwin as Galy 
Gay in Berrolt Brecht's A 
Man's a Man, one of the 
four summer La Jolla 
Playhouse productions 
Daniel Thomas reviews in 
our "What I saw On My 
Vacation" issue. Contin~ 
uing the theme is a review 
of: 
Black Flag ..... page 3 
America's archetypal 
punk band attracts all 
types of folk to its 
concerts, including Steve 
Hamilton. (For more 
musical flag waving, check 
out the "Boss American 
Music" issue of Hiatus, 
available next week at finer 
stores and classrooms 
everywhere. ) 
Anna Halprin. page 7 
Monte Rosen explains 
how the renowned artiste 
will help heal the planet's 
wounds this weekend in 
the Main Gym. 
Goings On. . . .. page 8 

The Office of Campus Recreation, 
ASUCSD & I BUD LlCjJfT I present: 
Annual Fall Festival 
on the Green 

2 Hicma October 3, 1985 

Where's Gale Gordon 
when you need hill1? 

By mikel toombs 
Not in The Lucy Show, that's for sure. . . 
Nor does this British rock-n-roll band have anybody In It 

named Fred or Ethel, or even Little Ricky. (For the record, the 
members' names are Rob Vandeven, Mark Bandola, Bryan 
Hudspeth and Pete Barraclough.) 

Not only that, but The Lucy Show doesn't invo~e another L~c.y 
_ Charlie Brown's - as Austin's Zeitgeist dId at the SPIrit 
recently with an inspired cover of "Linus and Lucy. II 

So why the name, guys?, , . , " 
"We liked the name because it doesn t have any meamng to It, 

says Vandeven. "Just literally because it sounded good." . 
Okay, Rob, but The Lucy Show - which plays Saturday mght 

at the SDSU Backdoor with New York's Beat Rodeo -does mean 
something, at least to us Americans. (Vandeven and Bandola are 
native Canadians, but they've lived in Britain for the last seven 
years.) 

"It's got nothing at all to do with The Lucille Ball Show, even 
though we're all fans. The music doesn't have anything to do with 
it." 

What The Lucy Snow's music does have to do with is 
intelligence and melody. The group is heaVily influenced by 
BritpOp, both the current stuff - in the Quality New Wave 
tradition of the like of Simple Minds and Echo and the Bunnymen 
- and the 60s classics. 

"Mark and me were real big Beatles fans, and I think that kind 
of (leads) to the fact that we tend to write a song, you know? The 
band does have a sound, but we make sure that there's a song 
underneath it." 

The Lucy Show's debut Ameri,can Album, Undone, has a 
number of fine songs, some reminiscent of such Beatl~ 
influenced American bands as Mississippi's Windbreakers and 
North Carolina's Let's Active. ( .... . one of my favorite bands," 
says Vandeven. "Yeah, I'm a real fan of Mitch Easter.") 

Undone has some echoes of Easter's studio trickery, but "1 
think that you'll find that we're a bit rougher and a bit more raw 
live. " 

University Events Office presents 
a Special Screening of 

Tri-Star Pictures' 

THESTORYQF 
PATSY CLINE 

Starring 
JESSICA LANGE 

&: 
ED HARRIS 

Tomorro\v! Friday, October 4, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Pas es musl he piched-up in W.lHII1 CC 
at the UCSO Box Office, 452-4559 _----I.::=_ 

• • • Playhouse. 
Continued from page 1 

Bertolt Brecht's early work, 
A Man's A Man, translated by 
Gerhard Nellhaus and 
directed by Robert 
Woodruff, was the second 
production of the Playhouse 
this summer. 

The show, set in the British 
India, told of the improbable 
tale of a golden pagoda; of 
some colonial soldiers and 
their beer wagon lad y and how 
they co nvin ce a lo cal 
dockwo rker that he IS really 
t' e mlssm~ m~mber of their 

I tnt' gun Quad. 
Vh ther 

Jer 
1V n m. eLr t: t 'a, 
ulled off b" the P L yholl t'. 

morl.' )t J statement than .l 
wry of how far pl'ople wdl go 

to use and abust' o ne another. 
The tawdry beer wagon lady, 
looking lake a refugee fiOm 

a 

some depraved cabaret, was 
nonetheless an overpowering 
sight for the eyes of the 
baddest serxeant of all royal 
India, Bloody Five. JeraiahJip, 
the soldier who was captured 
while robbing a native shrine, 
was kept in a box in the golden 
pagoda, declared a new god by 
the priest and led on by a big 
invisible beef-steak. Galy 
Gay, the Irish dockworker 
with false moustache , was 
made-over, transformed -
brainwashed If you wlll - by 
a cherne ot ft:a r and reward, 
Hlt\. he t ) the role of the 

In~ machme-gunner. 1- I:' 
r t 

t 
One cannot 0 Justice to tht: rtIStiC que 110ns raised by 

tour very Jifferent pro uctlons In .such a hrtefartlcle. 'he 
qualities of the pertormances, the acting, Iaghtmg, sound, 
;ets, costumes, makeup, mUSIC, etc., all dest!rve analysis 
and comment for theIr strengths. It is difficult to believe 
that theatre of such a high calibre could only have been in 
active business for three years. 

The truth is, the La Jolla Playhouse, although only in its 
third year of production at UCSD, is not a "new" theatre. 
Begun thirty years ago by Hollywood stars on vacation 
(Gregory Peck, Dorothy McGuire and Mel Ferrer), the 
Playhouse produced shows into the '60s at the La Jolla 
High School auditorium. Although the shows stopped for 
nearly twenty years, the Playhouse foundation continued 
in existence, planning for the day when it could open a 
first-class dleatre facility. The foundation obtained 
property that is at the southwest corner of Torrey Pines 
Road and North Torrey Pines Road, and then deeded that 
to the university in exchange for rights to build on the hill 
across the street, toward Revelle College. Years of 
fundraising, including Mandell Weiss' generous 
donation, led to the building and opening in 1983 of the 
Weiss Center for Performing Arts, to serve the University 
during the school year as well as house the regular summer 
season of the La Jolla Playhouse. 

Robert Friend, director of marketing and operations 
with the Playhouse, confirmed that many students were 
working with the Playhouse this summer. Actors? "A 
significant number of the members of the (acting) 
ensemble were students in the UCSD drama 
department, II he said; then he opened a program and 
began to read off names of students and graduates of UC 
and other schools who worked at the Playhouse this 
season. .. everything ftom acting to ushering, from 
lighting, sound design and direction to carpentry, house 
management, working the gift shop, etc. "They get the 
chance to rub elbows and observe some of the finest 
theatre artists at work in America today," Friend was 
happy to say. 

Concurrent with the Playhouse season, the UCSD 
drama department offered a class in the 1985 summer 
session entitled "From Text to Performance" thatstudied 
the works produced by the Playhouse. The class was 
instructed by profeuor of drama Arthur Waener, who is 
also director of educadon with the Playhouse. (Marcelline 
Hugot, graduate student, put in a supportill8 performance 
as the reader.) Studenta read scripr.- of the playa (where 
available) as well a. u=xta of other playa by the authors, 
and attended the performances at the PlayhoUie .. their 
"labs." Lectures by Waper focUlerl on the structures of 
the plays, ranaiOi in variety from American Muaical to 
German expraaionilt to new American realilt to .ubde 
Russian sodalsadre. 

Thil co was only a small , facet of the unique 
relationahip between the University and the La Jolla 
Playhouse, one that warranta further a~ntion in our 25th 
anniversary year. The PlayhoUle forms a part of the 
universal community desired by the Jounders of UCSD. 

-daniel thoma. 

But Galy showed them. In 
his new identity he became the 
boss of them all, eating their 
food, ordering them around. 
Going to war with them, he 
stormed ahead to take the 
fortress of Tibet in true heroic 
style, he and the beer lady 
blasting away with the great 
gun on stage - boom, boom, 
boom - while the others fell 
to the side exhausted. 

Something borrowed is the 
word for this landmark 
modern German work . 

The world premiere of 
Michael W eller's play, Ghost 
On FIre, directed by Timothy 
"Jt:ar was the third ummer 
production. Unlike the otnt.'r 
h, \\ Uh st t,lgcd In 

h~av- . 

h<:: 

riay an excru latin 10 e-
up look t pc opil' n tht:lr 
hortcommgs. makin he 

move to the smaller. wrap-
around quarters ot the oid 
thea trt! a goo Idea. Th a tors 
'", ere rought put ntu thl' 
audll'ncl' 10 C 
enough II' the 
h nl!e n c n lX Y ciS 

the ro s vere pia Vt: • 
C IncaJt'ntailv. we w n 

uhost On Fire :.tor) Itheme 
Which al u hgured In cht: 
Sonl1helm muslcal- namely. 
friends who were divided by' 
Hollywood and New York . In 
Weller 's play, however, we 
got the in-depth treatment 
that only realistic psycho-
logical drama can give. The 
two friends get back together 
several years after one had run 
away from Hollywood to New 
York. After finding out that 
he has terminal brain cancer, 
the one who had stayed out 
west comes east wanting to 
make one last film with his old 
partner, and to find out why 
his friend had given up just 
when they had begun to 
"make it." They and their 
wives go through various 

tor 
acmg In hought s the 

move ,one etween each 
s.cene, toward the pi aCe and 
time where they could each 
tell the inner story. These 
aside s, in ad di tion to 
deepening knowledge of the 
characters, also allowed the 
audience to sit back and 
appreciate the drama on a 
secondary and _ often 
humorQus level, while they 
prepared themselves for the 
next intense scene. 

Something new is what we 
might call this premiere from 
a maturing, young American 
playwright. 

The closing show of the 
season was The Sea Gull , that 
venerable work from Anton 
Chekhov (as translated by 

t mous cre t.. ...ome 
It long with er over , 

tar.Itshed nt'r and her 
on (a young, nes ablisheu 
mer). A numoer ot other 

(;ome from roun\.! the art! 
They all have long, Imposslbl-: 
Russian names like Konstan-
tin Gavrilovich Treplov (the 
son, who shoots h imself in 
both the second and fourth 
acts) and Nina Mikhailovna 
Zarechnaya (whom the son 
loves desperately but alas, she 
loves another). The various 
interweaving plots are as 
complicated as the characters' 
names, and it is to the credit of 
the Playhouse production that 
all these people could be told 
apart from one another! 

Something old is what some 
migh~ call this classic work of 
irony and pity from a time 
that no longer exists. 

Abrasive atonal sludge 
by steve hamilton 

The Wabash Hall is a hard 
place to find. It's a bar 
mitzvah! wedding reception! 
honorary banquet hall - an 
odd place for a concert. 

I stood around with 100 
other people waiting to see 
Black Flag. The air stunk from 
clove cigarettes and hair 
spray. A table was set up by 
the door. There was a group of 
anarchists around it handing 
out anarchist newssheeta. One 
woman at the table had a small 
kid whose butch haircut was 
about as .hort as her.. Thil 
mini-punk ran around lDIlkinM 
noiIa wbile the anardUD 
laUlhed and drank Diet Coke. 

A pickup drove by with a 
bunch of guys in the ' back 
hoUerin& and jeering at all the 
kids draeed up like punks. 
One skinhead was behind a 
car throwing up as a guy was 
telling him how piaaed he was 
abouc not being able to see 
Social Distortion because he 
had to work. Two girls behind 
me: 

Girll : (approaching Girl 2 ) down. Everyone else stood in 
Hey Roxy, I thought you the back or sat in chairs. 
couldn't come. Henry Rollins walked 

Girl 2: My mom drove me. through and some guy 
(blows a big bubble) stopped him and asked him to 

Girl l: (pause) That's cool. sign the guy's copy of 2. 13 .61 . 
(pause) Think I could get a Chuck Dukowski led a warm-
ride from you? up jam. A guy a couple of seats 

Girl 2; (pops bubble) Yeah, down yelled "COME ON 
sure. (pause) Where's your FAGS, PLAY SOMETHING 
car? FAST!" During the break, a 

Girl 1 : It's getting fixed. My bleached surfer rode his 
dad was so mad - he said it skateboard around on the 
was because I don't change the wood floor . He dodged 
oil. Yeah, sure, like I'm Miss people making out, people 
Automechanic. getting stoned, and a few 

Girl 2: (pause) I liked your people that were just belching. 
hair when it was green. SW A came on, singer 

Girl 1 : (pause) So did I, but Merril Ward entering with a 
my hairstylist said purple IOCS whip. DuJcowski had a black 
better with leather. handprint painted over his 

They let us in. The hall was right eye. A lot of people 
narrow, with folding chairs moved onto the floor and sat 
a10na the sides. They searched down in a circle around the 
everyone who came in. Loud sta~: Ward .cra~led around 
funk played over the P A. The ' the CIrcle whIle Klra came .on 
stage was small and low _ just at the end of the set to Sing 
two steps above the floor. backup on "Simon's Thing." 
Three kids, all about 15, with SW A finished and it starte<: 
oversized combat bQots, went to get crowded around the 
straight to the steps and sat stage. 

' ... _ .... 6 
October 3, 1985 H..... 3 



The MACINTOSH 
"Back-To-School" Bundle 

The MacintoshTht SI2K is Apple's most popular 
computer (No. 1 Seller on college campuses). 

Apple has made the radically easy-to-use Macintosh four times 
more powerful, providing it with enough memory for virtually 
any task. The Macintosh S12K can run hundreds of the leading 

software programs. And for even more storage capacity, 
we are offering an external disk drive. Completing the system 
is the versatile ImageWriterTht printer, which is able to produce 

both text and graphics in virtually unlimited styles and sizes. 
And, to give you Macintosh flexibility on campus or 

at home, the Mac Canying Case completes the bundle. 

Start this session out right! 

Each Macintosh Bundle includes: 
Macintosh 512K 
ImageWriter 
External Disk Drive 
Mac Carrying Case 

-~ / ------~ 
';2------_----· ' 

.' -- .. r:=: ~~:· -=-:::~ :-
! 

The Bundle is now available 
through UC.S.D. Bookstore -

Computer Department 
at 37% off Suggested Retail Price: 
CALL FOR OUR PRICE 

TOTAL VALUE $3,984 

--- --- --------------------------------------. 

Silence, Speed, Affordability .. _ 

Have It All 
.. '. not to mention Reliability. Ex-
ceptional print quality. Easy to use. 
Advanced ink-jet technology. Re-
placeable cartridge with '10 mess. 
And Hewlett-Packard engineering. 
ThinkJet . The personal computer 
printer. Come in and 
see it today. There's no ~l~ 
reason to settle for less. ~ 

F'i .. HEWLETT 
a=a PACKARD 

ThinkJet 
The Personal Printer 

from Hewlett-Packard 

--- --
- ----
- ~--
- - ---
- -- ---
- ---
- ---

~ 
----

----
- - ---
- ---

= ~=== 
----- 0 --_ ... 

0 

L" ~ 
~ ! ? \1111\111111111 

/ § " r~ ~'<x-~"'?O.?'~" "~ ;.1 .~ ;:\,'\,"',~~~. ~.{'-. ... ~?:i " 
,., ..., '-' r " 

\ 

AVAIlABLE 
Friendly roommate. 
Quiet - and smart. 
Able to sort through 
complicated issues. 
Will share workload. 
Problem solving is my 
specialry. Supportive 
and dependable. 
Aexible. Clever. Fun. 
Good looking. 

BUY'. GET 2 
Epson OX-16: Stude •• ts: GO KAYPROI 

u 

3 computers in 1. 
1. A Valdocs computer. Complete, easy-to-
use Valdocs 2 integrated software system 
valued at $495. Includes word processing, 
spreadsheet. mini-database . business graph-
ICS, telecommunications and more. 

2 . An MS-DOS- compurer. Runs most pop-
ular programs written for the IBM-PC- , 
including Lotus }-2-)8, Super-Calc 3- and 
WordSta~ . 
3. A CP/M- computer. One of the most 
extensive libraries of business and personal 
software available. 

3 computers; I o:uy choice. EPSON Sa the _ Epaon QX·161Oday! 

COtnfl/«lIlbftl 
Promsing 
Spmns FftJItI 
KIfPIO 
WrKe Mlythllllj. hom a booI: 
repol!toamasrtr'slhM. with a 
QO-ge!ter from ~'s line of 

qual~y (omputer~ 
K.Jypro· s complttt line of 
computer pterns Dt as low 
as SH5·MUO'd 
dtmonSlratJOn 1Od.1y. 

K4YPlRO° 
/nnovJ((J(j of EItatvntc ltocIuaJ lor 0,," ]2 )!oM! 

I ERSITY BDD smRE 
-=-~==.=:.. = ====~.=. 
= -===========-~== - -----------
= = ====.==-= = = ~.=. =---~--=== = =-= = =-= = 
- - =:== -==- = ==== = 

- ------
-------------~ 
- -- -- - - --= - -- ~ - ---

--- ---
- -- ---
- ---- ---

=-:= ==- = = == 
---- - ---
---- - ---
---------

452-4291 

IT TAKES A BETrER GRADE CALCUT·ATOR 
TO GET A BETrER GRADE r/in- HEWLETTl ~~ PACKARD 
I 
HP-15C 
Matrix operallons 
Complex functions 
Solve and integrate 
448 program lines 
Insert/delete edjling 
RPN logic. Continuous 
Memory and liquid-
crystal display 
I 
HP-IIC 
Slimline Scientific Programmable 
IO-dlgit LCD 
203 program lines 
21 s10rage registers/ 
Continuous Memory 
A broad range ot 
scientifIc and 
statistical functions 
makes the HP-IIC an 
immediate problem-
solving lab instru-
ment or engineering 
tool 
Editing features and the convenient user mode saves 
. and keystrokes at the touch ot a key 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
IN CO RPORATED 

Scientific Calculator with Programming 
Suggested Re~1I '.500 

now -36.'· 
and Statistics 

TI~5-11 

• 112 Powerful built-in functions for math. 
science. and engineering. 

• Simple programmability gives you added 
versatility. speed. 

• Definite integration of functions entered 
into program memory. 

• Use up to 8 memories or 56 program 
steps. 

. HP-16C 
Binary. octal. decimal. 
hexadecimal conversIOns 
Boolean AND. OR. NOT. XOR 
203 progam hnes or 101 
l6-bit data registers 
Sets word Size. I 's & 2's 
complement. unsigned modes 
Floating-pomt decimal mode 
RPN logic. Continuous Memory 
& liquid crystal display 

. 

HP-12C 
Slimline Financial Programmable 
10-dIgit LCD 
99 program lines 
20 storage registers/ 
Continuous Memory 
Solves your tough 
business calculations 
\\lith an extensIVe set 
01 tmanclal and 
statisticallunctions. 
Bond Analysis -
Depreciation -
Investment Comparisons at the touch 01 a key 

~ •• I"· 
-

\I' ~8S:~6?'1 'f~' 
Booed! i 
ooOOE:!! 
00000 -
E:!!OCOo o 
••••• 
••••• .... -
••••• 

FREE. FREE. FREE. 
Get UP's new $49· software module I 

when you buy an 8P-41. 
A deal that has no equal, for a 
calculator that has no equal. 
The HP-41 Advantage holds the 
most popular engineering, math and 
financial programs ever written for 
the HP-41. Plus: 

• 12K bytes of ROM 
• user-accessible subroutines 
• it's menu driven 

Just what it takes to help make the 
grade in everything from linear 
Algebra to Physics to Electrical 
Engineering Fundamentals to 
Statics and Dynamics. 
Get the calculator engineers prefer 
And get the HP-41 Advantage at the 
price you prefer. Fra:. 
Offer ends 11-15-85 . 
• Sugtsa:d us. Its! . 

CALCULATORS 

I 

MODEL EL-512 
"THIN MAN" WALLET SIZE WITH 
121 PllC)QRAM STEPS 
Improwd ICleutlflc calcukJtor wtth 
MuftI Formula R •• ·.rv. and declmall 
huadeclmallYMrn 

$32.95 ~-......;;;: lliiiiiiiii;;;; 
AdVanced, 1C .... 1Ic calculator 

wtth declmal/huadeclmal IYItem COI1\WIIon _ 

$20.95 

u I ERSITY BOD STaRE 
-=-~ .::: ==.=. = = ====~.==:. 
- -=-===-===-== =-=-~=-= = ------------= = = ___ =---E = == == === 

=-== ==== ~ = = = = = = ~ -=-==== -=- == === == 
.:=. ===.= = ==== === .==:. 
=-= =- == = -=-~ =-= 
- - -- - - ---
- --- ---
- -- ---
- --- ---
- - -- - - --
- -- -- - - --
---- - ---
--------
--------

452-4291 
0cI0ber 3, 1985 ..... 5 

.. 



More 
sludge 

After the jam, Rollins came 
on and they started into 
"Loose Nut." The disco-types 
started their thing. I was 
pretty well braced for the 
slammers, but one hit me real 
hard and I flew forward and 
hit my face on the pegs of 
Ginn's guitar. I found myself 
sitting down, looking out at 
the guy who hit me. He was a 
flannel-shirted skinhead 
running around with his fist in 
the air screaming "NO 
VALUES." Ginn had to stop 
and retune his guitar while the 
song went on. My face hurt. I 
wiped the sweat from my face 
and looked down at my hand 
and arm. I saw they were 

~OVl.'reu 'Itl1 hk)ou Some guy 

hands flashing peace signs in 
my face. 

Conlinued from page 3 
While Rollins was 

stretching just offstage, the 
musicians came onstage and 
started jamming. I was about a 
foot from Greg Ginn's clear 
guitar. His hair kept brushing 
me as he swung his head 
around and around. He had 
duct tape all over his guitar -
he rurned out five bone-

'~nnding minute of abrasive 
Honal sludge nd 1 knew ~t. 

Rollins, wearing only a pair 
of running shorts, worked up 
a sweaty torrent while 
screaming "Can't Decide," 
"Black Coffee," and "In My 
Head," then told the brigades 
that were constantly yelling 
for "TV Party" and "White 
Minority" that "we forgot 
those songs." My fist and 
teeth were clenched and I was 
bleeding and sweating and 
alive. They turned "Gimmee 
Gimmee" and "Louie Louie" 
into tense extended jam/reci-
tations. The walls were 
sweating and everyone was 
spent at the end. I went to the 
no pltal 0 ct my face 

as the best. In ront o t e. I tl hed. 

)U .. l j h r 

L,Qod chru 
\;0\' 3, 1985 

1 ira l11 ar d. 

)nh 11: 
,14\ 1lr.lOldr I J, 

:-''''1 D I<'I:" ~""'01.1 

--------------------

THEATRE IN THE MAKING 
ATUCSD 

1985·86 

BAIT <March 7-15) 
PlAYS DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR 

You pick and choose what to see and.save 40"":' ! Simply purchase the 
discCUlt coupon book NOW and redeem fo: tickets at 0 later time! See 

5 ploys €X toke 5 friends to see one ploy -it's all up to you 011 year 
long. 

CAll 452-3793 NOW. 
(-....w StucMnt InnoduoOlY ar.r - Lhtil Ocrober 19 brand new students or 
UCSD (freshmen, rrollsfeIs, firsf·yeoa groducRs) can purchase 10 coupons for 

only ~10.OOIlhof'5 $1.00 0 ticket! Don'r 'Mlit.1his offef will end soon.) 

--------------- DETACH HEP.£---------------
~--------------------~----­
~---------------------------OW _____________________ ZP ___ _ 

COlL£G£ __ -'--~_ 
Q.AS5 L£.VEL ____ __ 
PHONE _____ __ 

I \IIoOlt 5IudenI Coupon [looks a 515.00 eoch = 5 _____ _ 
(New Student Inrroductay Offer - Pleale coil 452-3793) 
EncIc:w 0 che<:X mode ~ to U.c. ~GEHT5 ald Osromped. lelf-oddlE~ erM!'Iope. 
Mal ta: UCSO DIWM DEPI'. &-OW, LA JOUA CA 9209:1 or toke to the Dramo Dept .. 
It.marities-Utrory Duildng. P.oom 2550. 

6 HiAu October 3, 1985 

up a d dera Is at x4037 
Can anvlew alT'lnlstratlve Office 
Deportment of PhysIcal Eaucatlon 

CO-
-_ .. -

on your Neats & short 
& come to OCR's erobic Mixer. 

'Here's your chance to meet our instruc-
tors and enjoy a free special hour class 

geared to all ability levels, 
Oct. 4 at ffogl 

Job Openings 
If you want to have a meaningful job this year and 

help junior high low income and minority students get 
ready for college, call the Early Outreach Office at 

452-4250, 

We are looking for UCSD students who are in good 
academic standing and who are interested in helping 
junior high students plan their academic curriculum 
so that by the time they graduate from high school 

they can be eligible to go to a four year post-
secondary institution. 

We provide training as well as $6.51 per hour plus 
mileage reimbursement for the use of your car. 

,..------- FALL 1985 --------, 
Biochemical Genetics 

of Aging 
PEDIA TRies 237 

INSTRUCTOR: Robert M. Hoffman, Ph.D. 
OPEN TO: Medical, Graduate and Undergraduate Students 
COURSE MEETS: Room 168, Medical Teaching Facility, 
Tuesdays, 2·3 p.m. (First Meeting 10/1/85) 
TO REGISTER: Contact Dr. Hoffman at x3907, SSB Room 
4002 

TOPICS COVERED 
1) The nature of and r.-ona lor aging 
2) Aging in uiuo Md in uitro 
3) Evidence for the role of genes in agins - studies in lliuo and in vitro 
4) Effects 01 gene damage on aging 
5) Effect. of II'I8taboIiIIm on aging 
6) Pouibi1itiel of isolating "aging" gena 
7) Re1ationlhip of aging and cancer 
8) Relationship of aging and diet 
9) Biochemical requirement. for a long life span 

Anna's night of 100 dancers 
whose whole life is committed 
to dance, and choreographs 
them into a form of 
communication more 
primitive than lanluaae. 
Through movement the 
participants transform one 
another, and empower 
themselves to transform the 
planet. They dance out their 
personal monsterl, either 
intolerance, self-hate, or 
anything else which creata 
hurt and pain. 

by monte roeen 
There is a widespread disease 

affecting us all. We have 
collectively walked upon the 
final plain, strewn with the 
rubble of our cities, toward 
the abyss ... still glOWing from 
the last fire - a Promethean 
fire, which we snatched from 
the hand of Zeus, proclaiming 
our divinity. Weare God. We 
weave the miracle of reality. 
The son becomes the father, 
the daughter grows to 
maternity. 

And then we falter... we 
attempt to judie... we 
condemn each other... we 
fail. And before the lishtning 
Itrika UI out of this dream, 
we awaken. Awalce only to 
tnvd tbro\llh the day shaken 
and alone, hidin8 feelinp and 
fears from our fellow 
travelers, hidina ouraelvea in 
our busy work - tryifll not to 
admit that we live In a nuclear 
nilhtmare. 

Are we all blind to our 
monster, living in this illneaa 
that powerful men caUaanity? 
Is there no one here that can 
heal UI and show us how to 
cure the earth from the 
madness spawned by her 
human children? Wait ... 
someone is calling on \II to 
cure ouraelva, to circle the 
earth in ritual dance, and 
invoke peace. She calls from 
the other side of the abyss and 
invites us to leap. We can't go 

back and before us Iia only 
darkness. Slowly 100 of us 
approach the edge, we leap ... 
Is this a dream? Who will 
I awake as? 

A prevailing theme of 
contemporary art Is the 
conditions of our world. For 
Luke Morrison and Scott 
Kastler, both of the Centre 
for (Dance) Theatre Science 
&. Raearch, thae conditions 
move their whole lives. 
Committed to bringina social 
and political change to this 
bution of reactionary might 
that is San diego, they have 
directed their energy toward 
art, especially thatre al the 
transforming force. The 
Centre's artistic roots extend 
back twenty years into the 
heart of the living Theatre, 
having sponaored a aeria of 
outingl Including "The 
Tower," a participant/ spec-
tator union of street theatre 
with socio-political themes, 
"Signals Thru Flames," a film 
deplctlnl the past and 
presence of the Living 
Theatre. Now, the group 
brings to UCSD internation-
ally renowned choreographer 
Anna Halprin. 

Born in 1920 to a Rusaian 
Jewish immigrant, Halprin is 
the founder and artistic 
director of the San Francisco 
Dancers' Workshop, as well 

as author of four books and 
creator of community Rituals 
in New York City, Israel, 
London, at the Great 
Pyramids in Egypt and 
Delphi, Greece. She also 
cooperates with the medical 
profession in the research to 
objectify and clarify the 
unique healing processes 
developed and used by the 
Dancers' workshops. 
Through the years her art has 

touched'" upon the principal 

f 

dance, theatre, and growth 
centers of the world, and has 
brought her honors too 
numerous to list - mOlt 
recently she was been 
selected, along with Isadore 
Duncan, to the San Francisco 
Dancers' Hall of Fame. 
The La Jolla Museum of 

Contemporary Art's Dance 
Perimeters Series, the Centre 
for Theatre Science &. 
Research and the UCSD 
dance program are presenting 

UC6D University Events Office presents 

; 

the Halprin Workshop today 
through Sunday in UCSD's 
Main Gym. The extended 
weekend workshop will 
culminate on Sunday at 
8:00pm, with the dramatic 
performance of "Total Circle 
The Earth A Dance In The 
Spirit Of Peace." (While 
enrollment in the workshop is 
restricted, the public is 
welcome at the final 
performance. ) 

The workshop will focus on 
collecti ve creativity. In 
Halprin's words: "When 
people come together and 
dance in mutual alignment 
with a common purpose, an 
amazing force is lenerated. 
We hope to utilize this vital 
force to manifest our deepeat 
hopes and visions for peace: 
peace within ourselves, peace 
with each other, and peace 
throUKhout the world." 

Halprin wiU explore many 
facets of dance and 
performance, notably the link 
between dramatic perfor-
mance and social action. 

. Interestingly, according to 
Norma Leistiko, Halprin's 
administrator and head 
usherette, she has created a 
woodwind score that 
translates into moving 
pleasure for the participants 
involved. Halprin takes 
someone without any dance 
background, or someone 

Yet this dance fa not merely 
therapy. It impacli on the 
community where It is done. 
For instance, the dance 
workshop began as • piece 
called "Circle the Mountain," 
whose premiere performance _ 
on April 13 at Marin 
County's Mount Tamalpaia 
empowered the community to 
free their mountain of the 
murderous Trailside Killer. 
Several days after the 
purifying dance was held, the 
murderer of five women wu 
caught and incarcerated. Luke 
Morrison, who has known 
Anna since they both toured 
Europe in different com-
panies, witnessed this dance 
and felt that her workshop 
could have a powerful impact 
on the community of San 
Diego. 

For anyone interested in 
enrolling in the workshop, the 
cost is $75 for an individual, 
but if you call Scott at 235-
9694 or Luke at 298-9796 
you can be a participant of the 
group from the Center of 
Theatre Science and Research 
for only $50. For late 
enrollment call Stewart at 
454,3541. 

UCSD UNMRSITY EVENTS 
pracnts 

from BolIN 
San Diego Premiere Pcrfonnlncc 

A "GLORIOUS SPOOF" OF SERIOUS MUSIC. 
-OTTAWA JOURNEL 

The Intimate 
P.D.Q Bach 

LOS Kjarkas 
Oclober 17, Thursday, 8:C)O p.m. 

Mandeville Audilorium 
UC6D 61. $9.00. C.A. $13.00 
UC D Fac/6taff/6r.Cil. $11.00 

~~--~ ___ aJ UC6D Box Office: 452-6467 __ _ 

MUSIC OF THE ANDES 

October), 1985 H.... 7 

.. ' 



Goings on 
In celebration of Bach's 300th 

birthday, the UCSD Music 
Department has : invited the 
German "Kins of Lutenisbl," 
Jurtel' Hubecher, to perform two 
all-BKh pIOII'U1\I on October .. 
and 5 at 8 pm in room 8210, 
Mandeville Center. UCSD 
vocaliat Carol Plantamura will 
join Hubecher on Sunday, 
October 6 It 8 pm at the same 
location. The Sunday program 
"La MUIka" Carures works by 
early 17th century master 
compoHn. Tickets for the 
October .. and 5 proeraml are 
$10. "La Musica" ticKebI are $5 
for general admisaion and $1 for 
Itudents and seniors . All 
proceed. from the performances 
will be applied toward music 
scholarsh ips. Fo r m o re 
information call 452-3229. 

* * * live, from Chicago! It's Second 
Or" one of America's best 
improvisational comedy troupes 
making a return engagement to 
UCSD's Mandeville AuditOrium 
on Saturday, October 5 at 8 pm. 

Last year, Second City played to a 
sold-out house, so it is suaeated 
that tickebl be purchased u soon 
• possible at the UCSO Box 
Office or at any TicketMuter 
outlet. Tickeu are $10 for 
general admission, $8 for senior 
citizens, and $7 for studenbl. For 
more information on the 
University Events Office 
presentation call "52~559. 

• • • The Uniftnity Evenbl Office 
presenbl two of Windham Hill's 
most accomplished jazz 
musicians, pianist Liz Story and 
guitarist Michael Hedges, on 
Wednesday, October 9 at 8 pm 
in UCSD's Mandeville 
Auditorium. The music of Story 
and Hedges is a unique kind of 
"dream-jazz." Tickets for "An 
Evening with W indham Hill" are 
$9.50 general admission, $7.50 
for senior citizens, $5.50 for 
students and are available at the 
UCSO Box Office and at all 
TicketMaster outlets. For more 
information call 452-4559. 

* * * 

PARAMETERS 
presents 

ANNA HALPRIN 
IICIRClE THE EARTH" 
A DANCE IN THESPIRIT OF PEA CE 
A co· presentation of La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. Centre for Theatre 
Science and Research and U.C.S.O. dance 
program. 
SUNOAY. OCTOBER 6, 8 p.m. 
U.C.S.O. Main Gymnasium. Admission $3 
WMOCA members, students. seniors $2 
TICkets available at u.c.S.O. Student Cent~ 
S.o.Sll Aztec ~ and aI TEL£SEAT 1oca-
tions. Charge by phone- callef 
For information cal 16191 454·:fi41. 
~1I""~'-"'TlIotalnio Arls ~"'TlIo 
....... ~ ..... -

La Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art 

UCSO's Free Political Film 
series opens Friday, October .. 
with ibl presentation of El NOTte. 
The Spanish film with English 
subtitles, directed by Gregory 
Nava, is an extraordinary 
odyuey focusing on two young 
people who have fled the 
political violence of Guatemala. 
The film bqpns at 7 pm in TLH 
107. For more information call 
.. 52M50 or "52-2016. 

• • • The La Jolla Chamber Music 
Society will open their 1985-86 
Downtown Chamber Music 
series with the San Diego debut 
of the Academ, of St. Martin in the 
Fields octet on Saturday, 
October 5 at 8 pm at the Old 
Globe Theater in Balboa Park. A 
limited number of seats are still 
available for this concert, and 
may be purchased by calling the 
La Jolla Chamber Music Society 
at 459-3724. The single ticket 
price is $17.s0. Subscriptions 
for the four.-concert downtown 
series are still available for $50. 

* * * 

New York 
$298 

Miami 
$318 

Chicago 
$258 

Denver 
$198 

rcsmctions may apply 

452-0630 

-<tit 'JAr FA~MI"" 
----------................ 1 __ _ 

8 H ...... October 3,1985 

The Improv comedy nightclub 
presenbl Bobby Kelton, Rusty 
Naila, and Jerry Kurtz through 
October 6, and will "Welcome 
Back" Gabe Kaplan October 8-
13. The lmprov is located at 832 
Gamet Avenue in Pacific Beach. 
Showtimes are 8:30 pm Sunday-
Thuraday (tickets are $4); and 8 
& 10:30 pm Friday and Sarurday 
(tickebl are $6). There ia a two 
drink minimum and thOle 21 
and Oftr are welcome. Dial~­
..520 for reservations and 
information. 

• * * Rap Master Ronnie, a 
humorous musical revue 
satirizing the Reagan administra-
tion by Gary (Doonesbury) 
Trudeau and Elizabeth Swados, 
is currently running at the San 
Diego Repertory Theater 
through November 3. Show-
times are Tuesday-Sunday at 8 
pm, with Sunday matinees at 
2:30 pm. Tickets are available at 
the Rep. Box Office, 1620 Sixth 
Avenue, San Diego. Ticket prices 
vary depending on the evening. 

Discounts are available for 
seniors, sNdents and groups. For 
information, reservations or 
chargina tickets by phone, call 
232-0800. 

• * * Wrong Ma.Ie, a film by German 
director Wim Wenders, screens 
Wednesday, October 9 at 7:30 
pm at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. Wrong Mmle 
is Wender's 1975 adaptation of 
Goethe's noftl, Wilhelm Ma.tCeT's 
Apprenticeship, and is the eiahth 
in an ongoina II-feature 
retrospective of Wender's films 
being shown in the Museum's 
Sherwood Auditorium, 700 
Prospect St., La Jolla. General 
admission ia $3, admission for 
students and seniors is $2.50. 

• * * The 1985 Malibu Concert 
series: Humphrey's Concerts-by-
the-Bay, continues with Bonnie 
Raitt appearing on Saturday, 
October 5 at 7 & 9 pm. Tickets 
are $13.30. 

~ompiled by marla hellman 

Ray Ban Sunglass Sale 
Save to 45% 

Outdoorsman Reg. 58.00 NON 40.60 

Wings Reg. 67.00 NON 46.90 Expressions Reg. 30.00 NON 21.00 

• Save to 45" off suggested retail on all Ray Ban Sung lasses 
• For men or women 
• San Diego's largest selection of Ray Ban Sunglasses 
• Expressions. Metals. Wayfarers and many more 

Guaranteed lowest prices on all major 
sunglau brands of any retail store 

Good ~~~Ei ~,-n ~~~~'-'I'~ ~., .~ 
Open 

7 davs 
and 

Nights 
La Jolla 10~ Torrey PInel Rd. (next to Yogurt Affair) 454-8006 
CIaIrMtont (Ciakemont SqUOI8 ShoppIng Center) 272-8808 

FOR OMR LOCATIONS. CAlL M NJI:NE STORES 

SCIENCE AND 
ENGINEERING MAJORS! 

The Air Force has openings for men and 
women in selected science and engineering 
fields. To prepare you for one, you c~n 
apply for an Air Force ROTC scholarship. 
See what it can do for you. Contact the 
campus Air Force ROTC representative 
today. 

Call AFROTC at SDSU at 265-5545. 
AIR FORCE 

ROTC 
Gateway 10 a peal way 01 life. 


