
Shooting leaves 
UCSD student dead 
see page 3 

., 



2 Thur,day, May 10, 1985 
NE~ ",...... .' . 

Hunrin& for a job after graduation 
doesn't have to be a lonely and 
frustrating process. Through the Job 
Search Club, a workshop sponsored by 
the Career Services Center each year, 
students work with experienced career 
counselors to learn assenive job search 
strategies. 

In the club, which convenes June 24 
through July 17 in ten two-hour 
sessions, time is spent actually looking 
for work, rather than just talking about 
it. Students learn to identify and 
aniculate thei r marketable skills (0 
employers and use "networking" to find 
jobs in competitive fields. 

According to Craig Schmidt, one of 
the leaders of the workshop, the Job 
Search Club "teaches techniques that 
panicipants can apply to any job search 
throughout their working lives." 

"Before I JUSt thought the process was 
haphazard and a lucky son of 
occurrence. Now I realize there is a 
strategy and how 10 make it work," said 
one panicipant of last year's club. 

Working with other graduates 
enhances the experience. "It was 
comforting (0 share all the awkwardness 
of a job search with others." commented 
anodler former club graduate. 

Srudents who have not yet lined up a 
job should plan 10 attend . Sign-ups 
begin May 15 and enrollment is limited . 
Space is available on a first-come , first-
served basis. More information and 
applications are available at the Career 
Services Center, HL 1058. 

o 
Summer Session at UCSD may be 

more of a pain than anticipated. That is 
why the Student Health Service will be 
available to all enrolled Summer Session 
students and (0 all continuing 
undergraduate , graduate and medical 
students for a one-time $25 fee. 

The registration fee for regularly 
enrolled Summer Session students 
includes this 525 fee , and for an other 
students the fee may be paid to the 
cashier at the Student Health Service 
beginning June 17; it must be paid by 
the time of first use of the health service 
during the summer. 

The fee will provide access to the 
regular services offered during the 
academic year; special services will 
continue' at their same rates as well. 

The Student Limited Insurance Plan 
(SUP) is not in effect during the 
summer, so students are encouraged to 
enroU in the Voluntary Plan (VIP) to 
obtain co~rage for owpatient services 
such as emergency room use and 
specialist consultations. 

Additional information may be 
obtained by calling 452-3300 or by 
visiting the Student Health Service.-LP 

a 
A sprciaI mrain& of the University of 

California Board of Regents has been 
scheduled for June 10, from 10 am (0 
approximaaely 3:30 pm, in UCLA's 
Royce HaD. Public testimony regarding 
UC investments in companies with ties 
to South Africa will be invited during 
the afternoon. 

To include as many different 
viewpoints as possible on the issue , 
University officials plan to devote a 
major ponion of the afternoon to 
receive public testimony, with time 
reserved for speakers who submit 
written statements in advance and for 
·open microphone" statements. 

Written requests to speak must be 
received by the Secretary of the Regents 
no later than 5 pm on Monday, June 3. 
They should be addressed (0 650 
University Han, 2199 Addison St, 
Berkeley, ~ 720. Speakers should 
indicate if mey represent an 
organization . 

Since it is anticipated that there will 

be more requests to speak than time will 
allow, University officials will make a 
final selection to ensure fair 
representation . 

In addition , written statements not 
exceeding five pages in length, from 
prospective speakers and Others, will be 
accepted and forwarded to the Regents. 
Deadline for submission is June 3. 

Speakers for the "open microphone" 
ponion of the program will be selected 
by lot at the meeting. 

The morning session of the meeting, 
which begins at 10 am, will be devoted 
to a review of Treasurer Herben 
Gordon's special repon, plus other 
informational presentations. The 
Treasurer's study was requested by the 
Regents in January and, in part, will 
summarize current University policies , 
holdings and investment options as they 
relate to companies doing business in 
South Africa. 

The public testimony ponion will 
begin about 1:15 pm. Scheduled 
speakers will be limited to five minutes 
each; the "open microphone" 
panicipants will be limited to two 
minutes. 

UCLA was chosen as the site of this 
special meeting to give Southern 
California constituencies, including 
faculty, staff, students and the general 
public, an opponunity to air their views 
directly to the Regents, said Board Chair 
Vilma Maninez, who called the meeting 
in consultation with UC President David 
P. Gardner. This complements several 
public discussions of the issue already 
held or scheduled in Northe rn 
California. 

The Board is scheduled to act on its 
investment policy at its June 20-21 
meeting at the UC Extension Center in 
San Francisco. The Regents are 
expected to vote on Friday morning, 
June 21. 

a 
Kmnem Moser, MD, director of the 

Puhnonary and Critical Care Division at 
UCSD Medical Center, was installed 
May 13 as preSident of the American 
Thoracic Society. 

Dr. Moser is the first San Diegan ever 
(0 head the ATS, a national group 
composed of nearly 9,000 health care 
professionals in the field of pulmonary 
medicine. He was installed at the ATS 
national meeting in Anaheim. 

A past president of the California 
Thoracic Society and the American Lung 
Association of San Diego and Imperial 
Counties, Dr. Moser is known nationaUy 
for his work on diagnosis of blood clots 
in the lungs. The angioscope, an 
instrument which allows the physician 
to look into the lung blood vessels and 
actually see the clots, was developed at 
UCSD Medical Center under his 
direction, 

The ATS serves as the medical 
advisory group to the American Lung 
Association and presents major 
educational programs for lung health 
professionals in aD aspects of lung 
disease . In addition, the group provides 
funding for research fellows and career 
investigators and works with the 
National Institutes of Health to develop 
research and public policies. 

a 
A chamatic presentation of Dtspoiltd 

ShortiMedta Material/ lAndscape with 
A'8onauts. by East German playwright 
Heiner Muller, is offered as a highlight 
of the ten-day Third Annual 
Undergraduate Ans Festival at UCSD. 

Performances are at 8:30 pm, June 7-
8 , in a natural amphitheater located 
nonheast of the Central University 
Library. Admission is free , and free 
parking is available in lots adjoining the 
Central University Library. 

The play is, in pan, a modem 

~----------~----------~ 
--, --
- , ~ 

W .. , ~ .. ~ .. W-~~ ~I" IrL~ II .. .. I.r I I II ~"" -, ", ~ .. ,.. 
l- 'I ,.,E111 "~~ I " r1 If ~'"" , 

Cover: Wayne Douglas Holden, a fonner UCSD student, 
was killed by San Diego police Tuesday morning after 
wielding a knife in a suburban San Diego neighborhood. 
In the wake of the incident, questjons abound 
concerning the actions of the police officers involved, 
who shot Holden six times, See cover story on page 3, 
editorial on page 4, and an interview with a professor of 
Holden's on page 10. 
News: The $500,000 AS budget has been passed after lengthy 
discussion. See the results as of press time. 
Opinions: An editorial on injustice all around us in the aftermath 
of Tuesday's shooting of Wayne Holden, plus viewpoints on 
Israel's nuclear weapons, UCSD's deficiencies, and a corporate 
solution for South Africa. Plus Doonesbury. 
Perspectives: The public will remember the news headlines-
"Knife Wielding UCSD Student Slain by Police"-but one of 
Wayne Holden's teachers remembers another student, one who 
was very different from the person in the official report. 
Sports: The USA and Cuba in round two at the Triton Dome, a 
look at the ukers and the Celtics in the Championship Series, 
and there is tons of summer fun to be had with the Office of 
Campus Recreation. 
Hiatus: A little an, a lot of Tom Serum, an Artist Insight into David 
Keevil, a review of The Brother from Anothtr Planet , plus Caruso and 
Goings On. 

COVER DESIGN BY JOHN ASHLEE 

rendering of the Medea myth, 
complemented by historical and 
autobiographical material relating to 
Muller's experiences in the European 
milieu following World War II. The 
UCSD production is an interdiSciplinary 
collaboration among students of dance, 
drama, music and communications. 

. Presented as three vignettes, the first 
section, "Despoiled Shore," deals with 
European domestic life just following 
World War II. "Medea Material" is a 
reaelling of the Medea myth in modem 
terms, dealing with feminism, war, 
political corruption and greed. In 
"Landscape." the image of a numbed 
post-war society is formed . 

The play is co-directed by 
undergraduates Scott Feldsher and Bill 
Trejo. Production coordinator is Ethan 
Feerst. Feldsher is a drama major who 
has direcaed several student 
productions, induding Israel Horovitz' 
Indian Wants the Bronx, Samuel Beckett's 
Ohio Impromptu, and :)am Shepard's 

C~ Mouth and Killtr's Head. 
Trejo is a communications major 

whose most recent directing assignment 
was the UCSD student production of 
Charles Bukowski's An Evil Town. Before 
coming to UCSD, Trejo studied at New 
York's Neighborhood Playhouse. 

Feerst studies media production. He 
has produced and directed a number of 
shon films. 

a 
T~nty-lWO scholars have been 

selected as the first fellows in a 
University of Calfornla program 
deSigned to provide opponunities and 
incentives to ethnic minorities and 
women to pursue academic careers. 

The President's FeDowship Program 
will award a total of 5500,000 in 
stipends and research-related grants to 
l7 postdoctoral students and five 
dissertation year students for one year, 
beginning in July. The new program is 
being supponed through University 
discretionary funds. 

The purpose of the program is to 
combat a serious lack of female and 
ethnic minority faculty members at uc. 
Although their proponion is slowly 
increasing, women currently comprise 

just 11.9% and ethnic minorities only 
1O.2% of tenured faculty. 

Women and ethnic minorities are 
severly underrepresented in several 
fields, including computer science, 
mathematics, business, engineering, life 
sciences and physical sciences. For 
example, only 1.8% of the engineering 
faculty are women. In the life sciences, 
only 6.9% are ethnic minorities. 

To increase the availability of faculty 
candidates in those areas, applications 
for the President's Fellowship were 
recruited from throughout the US and 
other countries. 

Each postdoctoral fellow will receive a 
521,000 stipend, with another 54,000 
for research and travel. Dissenation year 
fellows, who were drawn from within 
the UC system; will receive a stipend of 
513,500 plus 51,500 for expenses. 

Besides receiving the stipend, fellows 
also have a designated faculty "mentor" 
who will help guide them. "AU people 
reaDy need good mentors. They need 
someone who is going to show them the 
ropes of the profession, how to present 
themselves and their work," said Susan 
Blyant, professor of developmental and 
cell biology at UC Irvine and a member 
of the program's advisory committee. 

Applicants for the fellowship were 
rated on their academic performance as 
well as the soundness of their research 
proposals. Because those selected were 
so highly qualified, they will not need 
academic tutoring, said Frank 
Talamantes, a UC Santa Cruz professor 
of biology and a mentor in the program. 

Talamantes said the FeDowship' 
Program is an important vehicle for 
increasing minority and women faculty 
at Uc. "There's a need for (faculty) role 
models for the sweep of minority kids 
who are going to come to this school," 
he said. 

The University began seeking 
applicants last fall and drew a pool of 
248 candidates. Fellows were selected 
by faculty committees representing the 
nine campuses and the targeted 
disciplines. 

One of the feDows selected, Carolyn 
A. Dean, will study mathemarics at 
UCSD. 

- a.e Wearic.. 

Cover SJOry 

Fomler student killed in police shooting 
By PHIL WlLLON, Associate News Editor 

A FORMER UCSD STUDENT was shot to death by San Diego police officers early Tuesday 
morning after he ran through a 
residential neighborhood in San Marcos 
with a butcher knife threatening to kill 
himself or attack anyone who 
approached him, police said 
Wednesday. 

Wayne Douglas Holden , a 2l-year-old 
philosophy major, had apparently 
Jumped through a window of a house 
and was running toward a resident 
inside when two police officers shot 
him six times in the back and arm 
according to homicide investigator 'Lt. 
Paul Ybarrondo. He was pronounced 
dead at 9:57 am at Sharp Memorial 
Hospital of gun shot wounds to the 
chest and back, a coroner's deputy said . 

Holden was a junior and was in the 
process of transferring to UC Santa 
Cruz. . 

According to Holden's father, Roben, 
his son was spending the night at his 
house. He had been acting strange and 
was talking of committing suicide, with 
a knife he retrieved from his father'S 
kitchen, from 2 am until 7 am before 
the authorities were alened. His father 
said he had requested that County 
Mental Health handle the situation but 
that the police came instead. Ybarrondo 
said that Holden was distraught over a 
fight he had with his girlfriend, also a 
UCSD student, and was possibly under 
the influence of a hallucinogen. 

The Coroner's Office said that the lab 
results on whether Holden was under 
the influence of any drugs will be in 

later this week. 
"He was threatening 10 kill himself or 

stab himself if any of the officers went 
near him," Ybarrondo said. "Some of his 
friends and acquaintances indicated 
that he might have been on LSD, but 
we're still waiting for the results of the 
autopsy." 

At 7:08 am eight police officers were 
caned 10 Holden's father'S house , on the 
6000 block of Sunny Brae Drive in San 
Carlos, to deal with a man threatening 
10 commit suicide. When they arrived 
on the scene, they found Holden 
outside on the sidewalk holding a 12'" 
butcher knife , saying he would kin 
himself. Holden was dressed only in a 
robe and underwear. 

The offi.:ers spent 20 minutes trying 
to persuade him to drop the knife, but 
Holden refused and lunged at anyone 
who approached him, Ybarrondo said. 
An officer equipped with a stun gun, a 
non-lethal weapon designed to shoot 
electrode dans, then arrived on the 
scene, but Holden fled before the officer 
could get close enough to use it 

While he was running, Holden 
stabbed at several cars driving down the 
street and anempted to enter three of 
them, Ybarrondo said . 

The officer with the stun gun, 
Sergeant Roben Stinson, followed 
behind in a squad car for six blocks 
before he pulled In front and tried to 
subdue him, on Golfcrest Drive, but 
Holden ave ned the officers by running 
into the front yard of a nearby house. 

According to police , Holden then 
> CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 > 

UNIVERSITY t:nlYfS 
presents a 

SNMK PRlVIEW or 
COWMBIA PICTURES 

Starring 
Jobn Travolta lr Jamie Lee Curtis 

June 3, Monday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

free Passes (Admit two) available at 
UCSD Box OftIce at 12 Noon Today! 

A reant photo oj Wayne Holden and his Jather Robert. 

AnlNllON 
ALLG rES I II 

WHERE-HOW? 
Contact Denl. Alcunder at 

7978 BeIboe Avenue 
(8ctwecn 805 and 163) 

Sin DicSo, CeIIfomNI 
(619) NO 9001 

- ------------



( 

A student murdered as injustice reigns 
Now that San Diego's police force has gradually become a licensed 

group of careless vigilantes, maybe the community at large will re-
evaluate the way in which they condone reactionary violence. The 
various incidents of murder by decree this spring are a clear indication 
that thoughtful America has failed miserably in understanding the plight 
of the emotionally disturbed and socially alienated . This is not to say 
that it is the fault of those "rebellious individuals" to adapt to society's 
standard modes of behavior (e .g., Sagon Penn, Stephen Robens, Wayne 
Holden), but rather a specific community's ignorance to what degree 
those supponed by state power will go to weed out the bad apples. In 
Philadelphia, the city government found it necessary to bum down a 
neighborhood and murder innocent children 'to "restore order." In San 
Diego, five police officers deemed it appropriate to kill former UCSD 
student Wayne Douglas Holden because they were afraid that a 140 lb. 
21-year-old kid wielding a butcher knife might have taken his own life, 
or attacked his neighbors while facing five guns aimed at his head. 

Is this the answer to curing the ills of society? Here we have a person 
hysterical after a recent break-up with his girlfriend, running around 
suburban San Carlos in a bathrobe yelling "Call the cops" to the group 
of policemen who were surrounding him. Quite a bitter irony, isn't it? It 
is possible Wayne was yelling for a real police force, one that helps you 
when in distress. It has been said that a person close to death has no 
problem distinguishing between good and evil. 

So Wayne Holden jumped through the window of a neighbor, Bill 
Ballard, Jr. , and fell to the ground in a heap of glass. Ballard said that 
Holden was making no threatening moves toward him, although the 
police dispute that, and when told by police Officer Bob Stinson not to 
move, he stood up, and consequendy was shot six times (once by 
Stinson and five times by Officer Carl Smith). He was shot twice in the 
right thigh , once in the right arm, once in the rib cage, once in the 
lower back, and once through the upper back. What, may we ask, were 
these cowardly vigilantes thinking when they were taking target practice 
at the distraught Holden? Obviously, they weren't pondering the sanctity 
of human life, nor of other viable methods of disarmament. The answer 
is most likely that they were not thinking at all, but merely acting on 

Viewpoint 

Zionist nukes 
By N. EL MOUD]AHID 

Dr. Ja~ob Goldberg gave a lecture on 
Zionism and apanheid on Tuesday, May 
21. He is known in the Political Science 
Depanmem as an objective, 
knowledgeable professor. Neither of 
these qualities appeared in his talk, and 
my commentary concerns the answer he 
gave when a member of the All African 
Peoples Revolutionary Parry asked about 
the lecturer's opinion on the Kryton 
affair. Dr. Goldberg (nO! so) surpriSingly 
denied any nuclear military power to 
Israel, and therefore assured that the 
Krytons must have been purchased for 
laser technology purposes. 

The Krytons are 1 wxr devices used 
m weapons research and in medical 

laser technology. But, more importantly. 
they can be used as triggers in nuclear 
explosions. Eight thousand one hundred 
of these devices were shipped to lsrael 
between 1980 and 1982 , which already 
makes it difficult to believe that they 
were all destined for medical laser 
·research. Moreover, the shipment was 
divided into several installments of ten 
to 100 pieces, illegally exponed as 
"general destination" radio amplifiers. 
EG&G Inc. of Wellesley, Massachusetts, 
the only company that makes Krytons . 
says all purchasers are warned of the 
requiremem of special pennits for 
exportation of the devi.::es. 

Funhennore , Amon Mi1chan, the 

bloody' primeval instinct, and that is why five trained "officers of the 
law" could not disarm one small, hysterical student. 

Ponder, though, who gave the orders to shoot instead of asking the 
officers who were involved in the 45-minute cat-and-mouse game of 
keepi-ng Wayne at bay to take the knife away without injury, like a 16-
year-old manial arts student could do. Might it be that the San Diego 
police force is trained to eliminate any disturbance to the domineering 
lifestyle of the suburban status quo? 

"He was going to be a great philosopher until he was gunned down," 
said Robert Holden, Wayne's father. A student of philosophy indeed. It 
is suspected that Wayne was the same person who stood up at a 
meeting for the South African movement at Winnie Mandela Library on 
civil obedience training and informed the collective that he was 
assaulted by police officers a few days prior for yelling at an officer for 
damaging his driver's license. If that is so (and the stories given by 
coalition members and Wayne's father concur inadvenendy), then 
Wayne Holden may be UCSD's first victim of social apartheid. 

Isn't it fitting for a police state to respond to a call for help with 
malevalent destruction? Raben Holden dialed emergency number 911 in 
an attempt to get the county mental health unit over to his house in 
order to calm Wayne down. Instead of receiving the kind of assistance 
necessary for this type of dilemma, they were referred to the San Diego 
Police, who prompdy showed up at the Holdens' front door. When 
Wayne saw the police walking up to his from step, he blew up. 
Henceforth, death. 

Most of us will be leaving for the summer in three weeks time. This 
has been a highly emotional year for La Jolla on the hill; we at the 
Guardian are consistendy shocked by the increase of injustice all around 
us. All of us get slapped around in one manner or another during our 
lives. San Diego's finest have very little tolerance for dissenters; they 
desire no trouble in paradise. If this is paradise, though, then where 
does freedom lie in its scheme? If there was ever a time to stand up for 
your fellow students, it is now. Can we dispell the violence? 

Israeli film producer and arrns merchant 
who was an imponant intennediary in 
the shipment, assured Newsweek that 
"Ll}e Krytons were ordered (in writing) 
for the Israeli Defense Ministry." 

What made Dr. Goldberg's answer 
unacceptable was his deliberate denial 
of the possession of nuclear weapons by 
Israel Indeed , I refuse to believe that an 
"expert" in Middle East affairs does not 
know that Israel is "widely presumed to 
have the abiliry to manufacture nuclear 
weapons ..... (May 27 issue of Time, p. 
32). Scientific and journalistic repons 
have repeatedly been showing that Israel 
already has a few dozen nuclear bombs 
in its possession. The fact is that Time 
reported some time ago, in an anicle on 
who has nuclear capability and nuclear 
bombs, that Israel is in possession of 
more than 20 of them. The fact that 
Israel can safely deny having them is 
because they are disassembled in pans 
so that they cannot be classified as 
nuclear bombs. But what should be 
known is that their assembly involves 
just a matter of hours. A proof of lsrael's 

-~c 
posseSSion of nuclear weapons can be 
found in the military repons that 
followed the 1973 war in which Golda 
Meir, then prime minister of Israel, 
ordered the bombs to be assembled and 
made ready for a possible use. in case 
of need . 

In addilion to that, about a year ago, 
Time reponed that a few pounds of 
plutonium missing from an East Coast 
nuclear reactor had turned up in lsrael, 
which, being a non-Signer of the non-
proliferation treaty, is not obliged to 
open its nuclear facilities to inspection. 
Israel's refusal to any request for 
inspection, even by the International 
Agency for Nuclear Technology, cenainly 
raises questions about Istael's credibiliry. 

In conclusion, I was disappointed by 
the lack of objectiviry on the pan of Dr. 
Goldberg, and especially by his 
underestimate of our knowledge of the 
facts . The people who invited Dr. 
Goldberg should take notice, in the 
future, that the students on campus are 
more knowledgeable and conscientious 
than they seem to think. 

VAN ~. CHl'ISnw. KAlI~.IJl·l\qjllDN 
5()oW:Hf. AATHWJtI SCHOU.. f\A/\a.IW"'T~_1I<. 
WAANNEI\ 

.. " -. , "' 

PAS1£-UP. AI11ST5: JOttf ASHW. ~ WHWt1f. 
~ 

TlK5l11lb JIIN f\M, ................ 
IUSNSS MMlAGINI MIG. "" aD. .. NIl. 

Thursday, May 30, 1985 5 
OPIN(~ 

. r .. , d ., • .:::. ~ •• ~' :-:" 

Viewpoint 
Oceania 
By PETER SURDEllITTO 

Why do I hate this place so much? I mean, is it 
really all that bad? Hmmmmmm, yeah. I think so. I've 
thought a lot about it, and I, as an individual student 
with a clear-cut definition of what an educational 
institution should accomplish. must condemn UC San 
Diego, as it has been unsatisfactory in its endeavors to 
become a true universiry. 

By now I'm sure you're wondering what my 
standards are for a university , true? Well, I'd be happy 
to outline what is satisfactory. OK, I believe an 
educational institution should be beneficial to the 
individual. (Yes, I am one of those "Individual's Rights" 
radicals. Sue me .) I believe that college should be a 
place where one can get a beller definition of one's 
self. A place where one can interact with a variety of 
subcultures and can thus place him or herself 
somewhere in society. It should be a place where both 
curriculum and environment should help the 
individual grasp a greater tange of thinking. The 
university should foster the definition of what is 
acceptable and unacceptable in- society; in other words, 
it should help the individual, through a wide variety of 
inOuences, to define his or her own sense of principles 
by which to live In society. In shon, it should be a 
place where one can get one's act together before 
hitting the road. as well as a place to learn cenain 
skills for a desired occupation (i.e .. the acquisition of a 
skill geared for the work world should be the excuse 
for going to college, but the interactions geared toward 
personal growth should be the reason). 

UC San Diego's size is the institution's greatest 
benefit as well as its worst. Only through its size can it 
offer the many services it does , such as: almost 
unlimited use of computers, the tutorial program 
OASIS. vaSt Iibtary resources and psychological and 
health services. But the school's size also devalues the 
individual to the point where the student becomes a 
living transcript. 

Indeed, UCSD is too big-my own problems in 
dealing with the bureaucratic machine tell me this. For 
the larger the institution involved , the less efficient it 
becomes in dealing with different personalities until 
everything that is accomplished is solely wrought for 
the working of the whole. In an abstract sense. UCSD 
can be compared to the USSR-the sacrifice of the 
individual for the workings of the aggregate . Even the . 
teaching assistants I've talked to feel this . The 
educational machine demands so much of the 
individual to a poim where there is no free time. All 
actions are either necessarily practical or are neglected. 

In the area of concrete education, UCSD has a 
reputation for excellence in the sciences. This much is 
true. But I often question even this. Again , the 
largeness of the school and the reputation tacked on to 
it give it an intensity that cannot be expressed in 
words. Speaking as an individual, I can say without 
hesitation that the information that needs to be 
learned all comes too fast for it to make any lasting 
impression on the student; once the final exam is 
taken. the course seems to fade away. Truly, the 
education at UCSD is geared toward the elite. which is 
tragic because most of the people here are not part of 
that class (myself incl4ded), but are convinced that 

they are; consequently, they spend their time knocking 
their brains out for the satisfactory grade of "C" which 
is, without question , something to be celebrated . 

The further retardation of the individual is also 
accomplished through the rigid curriculum. Just a look 
around is enough to tell you that through wild clothes 
and spectacularly appalling appearances. students are 
trying to find an identity and to define themselves in 
the rubber-stamp atmosphere of the school. 

I really must pity those who actually graduate from 
this school, as they must have no sense of what "real 
life" is. I have met three alumni in my stay here and 
they all openly regret having spent their college years 
here; they all seem [0 say the same thing, too-that 
they wished they could have learned the more 
imponant lessons of living and of interaction, rather 
than the concrete skill-oriented studies that got them 
the jobs of high school teacher, metropolitan bus 
driver and laboratory technician . Indeed, UCSD is 
where you undergo four years of pressure to see if 
you'lI break before you get into a position of 

Doonesbury 
.. MD I Hmf r", AFRAIDAIL 

YfNS~fNfR- ~tut..ItWW£­
IN adlWAl- *' If15fT1JI5 
1~>If/lJ~I~. IWIlBiFIJ£P. 

A 

RESUME SERVICES 

A sharp, professlona' r.sume says a lot about you. 
Com. to Kinko's for crisp, clean copl .. of your 
r.sume on specialty papers with m8tchlng envelopes. 
It's fast. Affordable. And very ImprHslve. 

kinko·se 
457·3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

responSibility. 
This intense isolation that I have just outlined 

breeds within the individual a sense of profound 
worthlessness. This is iUustrated by the fact that UCSD 
has the highest suicide rate of any educational 
instirution on the West Coast (strangely enough, it also 
has the reputation of being one of the best educational 
institutions in the country). The turnover rate here 
seems to say it aD as weD-more than 60% of the 
people who stan here don't finish here (this statistic is 
from studies done in the 1970s). And a good 
percentage of those who leave UCSD don't transfer to 
other colleges; wasn't I just saying something about 
individual wonhlessness? I wouldn't let my kid go 
here. 

So all in all we have a psychosocial moratorium 
imposed by an overwhelming bureaucracy whose 
purpose of turning indiv.iduals into unquestioning 
creatures quietly in a sociery of drones is met without 
opposition. 

Oceania is here. 

BY GARRY TRUDEAU 



6 Thw>lILlI', Mtl)' 3D, 1985 

Viewpoint 

In support of corporatism 
By ADRIAN ROBERTS 

(continued from Monday) 
Stevens also refutes the contention 

that O[her nations would "follow suit if 
the US were to slap trade sanctions on 
South Africa or enforce a policy of 
disinvestment" when he quotes a 
spokesman at the West German 
Embassy in Washington: "We have no 
laws restricting investments and 
business abroad ( ... ) If US companies 
pull out, O[her Western companies will 
step in." The Japanese could and 
probably would supply as sophisticated 
computers to South Africa as American 
companies currently do. American 

1:.1Isiness would lose out to foreign 
investment (the Free Enterprise System), 
and. it is highly unlikely that foreign 
busmesses would be as willin,lt to adhere 
to the Sullivan Principles (promoting equal 
treatment of blacks and whites in business-
es) as many American firms have been. 

If we (the US) remove American 
interests, we also surrender our only tool 
of pressuring positive changes on the 
South African government, as few or as 
slow as they may be. One should nO[ 
underestimate South Africa's potential 
for self-sufficiency, nor the strength of 
free trade worldwide (foreign countries 

"HAPPY DAN PERETTIE" 

who would nO[ follow America's example 
of isolating South Africa) , and least of all 
should one underestimate the fierce 
resolve of the South African government 
to resist what it calls outside aggressive 
attempts 10 tell South Africans how they 
should run their country-a logical 
response, for I cannot think of a single 
country on earth whose government 
would take kindly to another country 
telling it how to run its internal affairs , 
At least adherence to the Sullivan 
Principles is a force acting within the 
country-and in the end, all lasting 
change must come from within , 

Exclusive Graduate Sales Program Director 
-Call 263~909 for an appolntment-

~hicle. 
Included 
In the Plan. 

You may choose a 
new 1985 Marquis, 
Cougar, Topaz or 
Lynx, 

·Pre-Approved Credit. 
Just meet three simple 

conditions: 
• You must have verifiable employ-
ment that begins within 120 days of your 
vehicle purchase at a salary sufficient to cOlIer 
ordinary living expenses and your vehicle payment. 
• You must have proof that you ha~ graduated or will graduate 
and be awarded at least a bachelors degree within 120 days. 

• Your credit record, if 
you ha~ one, must indi-
cate payment made as 

agreed. 
• ·1400 Pun:hue 

Allowance. 
Make your best deal ... use the 

$400 as a down payment or recei~ a 
$400 check directly from Ford after the sale. 

Ford Motor 
Creejlt 
COlllp.HlY 

On National City'S "MILE OF CARS" - BOO National City Blvd. 
, Phone: (619) "74-.5.502 • San Diego Exchange 263-6909 

On the matter of whether or not 
South African blacks favor 
disinvestment, much has been misstated 
by proponents of disinvestment in the 
US. Famed South African author, Alan 
Paton, an 82-year resident of South 
Africa and long time opponent of 
apartheid, writes in an article published 
in the San Dit£o Union: "One often hears 
black South Africans cry: 'We don't 
mind suffering. We are used to it.' But 
this cry usuaDy comes from those 
articulate blacks who suffer least. I, as a 
Christian, will have nothing to do with 
disinvestment. To believe that 
disinvestment will bring our government 
'to its knees' is to believe nonsense." 

In a March 17, 1985 interview (in the 
San Diego Union) with Hennan Cohen, 
US Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, 
the question was asked if aD South 
African blacks were in agreement on 
disinvestment. Cohen answered: "No. 
That's another aspect of the good news. 
We financed a poll by a very respected 
sociologist named Professor Schlemmer 
in the University of Natal who happens 
to be the head of the South African 
Institute of Race Relations, which is a 
very anti-apartheid group. He 
determined among African industrial 
workers that they believe in American 
investment, they want more of it, and 
they like the benefits they're getting 
from American investment even though 
they hate apartheid and they hate the 
government in power right now. So 
there is absolutely minimal support, tiny 
support for disinvestment in asking us 
to get out of South Africa." In fact many 
South African blacks as well as whites 
would see disinvestment as an attack on 
them by the US, not as an attempt to 
help them. 

Recent threats of disinvestment by the 
US have helped add strength to the 
right wing opposition to the "moderate" 
National Party led by Botha. In recently 
held regional elections, the right wing 
party of Treurnicht made some 
substantial gains. It is clear that 
disinvestment will, in all likelihood, fail 
and even help bring to power a party 
which wants to return to stricter forms 
of apartheid laws. Even those who favor 
disinvestment as a moral statement must 
be willing to recognize this danger. They 
should perhaps re-examine their morals 
if such would be the result of 
disinvestment. 

Slow, positive changes over a long 
period of time will result in just that-
pOSitive, if slow, betterment. Rapid 
changes of a radical nature could very 
easily result in a situation similar to , but 
worse than, that occuring in Zimbabwe 
today: the blacks united long enough to 
overthrow the whites, then split into 
warring tribes again. Now the larger 
communist-backed Shona tribe (led by 
Prime Minister Mugabe) is exterminating 
the smaller pro-Western Ndebele tribe 
(led by Joshua Nkomo), in a mass 
genocide. 

Tribal rivalry and strife already exist 
in South Africa among the six or more 
major tribes .. If the whites were 
overthrown, a black majority government 
would, in all likelihood, soon 
disintergrate into a bloody battle 
between the tribes. The resulting 
carnage would be unrivaled in recent 
histOry. 

As I see it, there is no logical, 
practical alternative to slow but positive 
change through the step-by-step repeal 
of the offensive apartheid laws . America 
may continue to vocalize its moral 
abhorrence to the apartheid system but, 
as John C. Eastman, research associate 
with the Claremont Institute for the 
Study of Statemenship and Political 
Philosophy in Claremont says, "More 
investment, not less, will produce greater 
economic equality, and thus greater 
pressure on the government of South 
Africa for political equality as well. And 
what is more, the reform that would 
then be forthcoming would have been 
achieved within South Africa, and not at 
the hands of a United States 
government seeking, nay demanding, 
adherence 10 the same principles, and 
to the same degree, to which we 
ourselves adhere." And in the end , do 
we really adhere to them completely 
ourselves? 

Thursday, May 30, 1985 7 
. NE~ 

x . . _ ' x, . ~, '. ~.- ''- . :«~./.' "':0: .- .-;-. ~ ~ '.-.;?' ''- z' / ,.-~;.-, .- .- Vr.· • 

Shooting 
~ CONtlNUED FROM PAGE 3( 
jumped through 'a plate glass window 
'intO a bedroom. Stinson fired a dart 
from the stun gun at him but missed, 
and Holden began to move roward him. 
The owner of the house, Bill Ballard, Jr., 
entered the room and Red the house 
once he saw Holden's knife and the 
officers standing outside his window. 

According to Ybarrondo, Holden 
started running after the owner, and 
Stinson fired one round from his .38-
caliber revolver. Officer Carl Smith, who 
was called to the scene with Stinson, 
fired five rounds from his service 
revolver at Holden. 

"After the owner took off, Holden 
turned and immediately ran toward the 
door with the knife poised over him. 
The olJicers feared for the resident and 
fired ," Ybarrondo said. 

All six bullets struck Holden, TWO in 
his back, one in his rib cage, one in his 
buttocks, and one in both the ann and 
leg. Ybarrondo defended die olJicers' 
actions, saying that they sensed a threat 
to the owner and were justified in using 
ample force in stopping Holden. 

"This was a life-and-death situation, 
and they fired at him until he fell to the 
Roor, which is what they are trained to 
do: Ybarrondo said. 

Both officers have been taken off 
active duty pending the outcome of an 
internal investigation, an action taken 
whenever an officer is involved in a 
shooting. 

According to Holden's father, who 
was on the scene and now plans on 
filing a legal suit against the police 
department. there was no reason why 
the police had to use such excessive 
force. He said there were eight police 
officers equipped with buBet-proof vestS 
and the Stun gun against his 110 lb. 
son, who was only threatening to do 
harm to himself. 

"It was totany unjustified-it was 
murder-they had no reason to kiD 
him ," his father said . "The police in San 

Di~ have been doing this stuff for 
years, and they're not going to get away 
with it anymore." 

Apparently, Holden's reaction to the 
police olJicers was prompted by an 
incident that occurred three weeks ago 
when he was Arrested after contesting 
an officer's right to request 
identification. 

According to Holden's father, Wayne 
and his girlfriend were pulled over for 
having a burned-oUl headlight. and 
when the officers discovered that 
Holden's eyes were somewhat red, they 
asked for identification. Holden gave it 
to them but protested that it was a 
violation of his rights. 

His verbal complaints mushroomed 
when the officer accidently tore the ID, 
and the inclctent ended in Hoiderfs 

AS budget nteeting 
The 5500,000 AS Council budget deliberations extended late into 

Wednesday night. Issues discussed included media budgeting, 
programming (including TGIFs), budgeting for AS student organizations, 
and other financial plans for the coming academic year. 

Among the controversial topics were a proposal to cap spending by any 
of the student newspapers at 25% of the alternative media budget, a "new 
service" food service ,a 538,000 allocation for KSOT and an S8,OOO 
alternative media typesetter amortization aDocation. 

For a full account of the results of the meeting, see Monday'S issue of the 
Guardian. 

~mst under the charge of obstructing 
an olJicer in the line of duty. The case 
was scheduled to come up on June 10. 

Holden apparently had a " .0 grade 
point average at UCSD during the two 
years he attended and was a very bright 
and compassionate man, according to 
Gale Vigliotti of the Philosophy 
Department. 

") had just talked to him a few times 
last week and he seemed as fine as 

THINK 

ever," Vigliotti said. "It's a real real shock 
to all of us. I just don't understand what 
really happened." 

Yborrondo said that the investigation 
into the shooting will continue. 

Memorial services for Holden will be 
held on Sunday at 2:30 pin at the San 
Diego Unitarian FeDowship in Solana 
Beach. His father expressed his wishes 
that all those who knew him would 
attend. ~ 

PUERlO~ TH __ 

$ $ 
3 NIGHTS 7 NIGHTS 

INCU./IFS JnJND-TRIP AIR FARE. 

Swaying palms and beaches bathed in gold. Soothing siestas and 
festive fiestas. Its all VOWS at the luxurious Camino Real, Puerto 
Vallarta, Prices include round-trip air fiue from Los Angeles on 
Western Airlines.- So think excitement and call today. 'MSnN Hom.s 

:+4- heaMA II 
-Pric .. bMed on double occ_,. T_ and $3.00 U.S. ~ ru no! includod. 



Family Planning: 
a choice, a responsib111ty 

ocmftd8D:t;lal • FGfe.atona ' • affordable SELF STORAGE FOR SUMMER 
MONTHS 

• ~ preCn8Dcytefta, 
with results while you wait 

• Unplanned pregnancyl 
general or local anesthesiA 

• Birth control 
• Gynecological exams 
f'ir.m Family PlIJnning 
~ Associates MedictJl Group 

SanDlefl 
6496 AIv&rado Rd. 
(111)"'." 

Casual. 

LOCK-IT LOCKERS 
9550 Keamy Mesa Road 

Son Diego. California 92126 
(619) 566-7090 

NO DEPOSIT 
WITH THIS PD 

NO ADMINISTRATION FEE 
(BRING THIS AD WITH YOU) 

ELIAS 
HAIR 
DESIGN 

Comfortable. 

Groundwork Books Presents 
Summer Study -~ A Summer 

Califomian. Groups Sale 
Collective Theory 

tt Skills 
20-50% off 
everything 

/'reCIsIOII"'. aILI for _" 'Il (reg. 'lB) __ flO (reg. '15) 
HItI"'IgItUII, (foil -..I1IfIi _I ... " $15 (ff:9. $45 (¥ up) 

DlrtdlOIIaI ,..,.,., $25 (Teg. $40) • Cdl..,..... $15 ("'IJ n5) 
(10119 fYI, e.w.) 

Althusser tt Marxism 
feminist Styles 

OW study groups 
small supportive 

learning groups. can 
for times and further 

(That's our usual 
6% + 14% or more) 

June 3-15 
OPEN ALL SUMMER 

Mon-Sat 11 am-8 pm 

rltdM U. (reg. $l5) • ..,. 111,.". "5 (~ $45) 
Ii ItS _ yecJIi III (reg. ' 15) 

5fl«IMIMI," III«Ir Mlr 
nps Mid lIC'1IlIo or wraps $15 off 

"'Mllcure Mid pedicure combo $5 off 
5p<ct.1s good with m t"""'gII ii/J/85. "ot MIld wll<tt MN/lJt Is .... esIed 

.4 ,.,11 Krvlce Mloll 
7608 lindl Visu (1fesJI ColI<ge Dr. (¥ HiJ) lfiB-BlliJ 

If.", "",OIl (fonnulll u. Jo/S. Cutting Co. ) 7J7 PWI 51.. u. JoIw 4,56-1170 Info. 452-9625 

Unless you cutout this 
COUpo~, d?e only · g you'll be 

a star m 1S your own ctreanls. 
Millions of people dream of 

making it big in show business. 
But the cold reality is that 

only a chosen few actually break 
in, let alone become superstars. 

But you can increase your 
chances a thousandfold. 

By ordering Nina Blanchards 
new, fir t-edition video "How to 
Break into Motion Pictures, Televi-
sion, Commercials and Modeling~; 

For over 24 years, Nina 
Blanchard has been a uperstar in 
her own right. As an agent who 
has launched and guided the ca-
reers of orne of the industrys 
most famous actors and models. 

Now, for the first time, you 
can take advantage of her wealth 
of experience and knowledge. 

On this videocassette, you 
wi ll find all the information you 
need to get started, to find an 
agent, to master the techniques of 
auditioning, to find out if you 

have what it rakes and more. Wally Nicita, to mention a few. 
And you'll hear first-hand, At only $59.95, this 2Yz hour 

from the likes of Academy-Award tape is not only a bargain if 
winner Cloris Leachman, super- you're serious about breaking 
star models Cheryl Tiegs and Jeff into show business. 
Aq u ilion , famous casting director Its a dream come true. 
r--------------------------------------, Call 1-800-227-3800 Ext. 548 

10 order "'Inw to Break imo Motion Pictures, 
Television, Commercials and Modeling" or fill in 
the OlUpon and send it in today. 
I'm serious about breaking imo show business. 
Send me Nina Blanchards videocassette today. 
Name ______ _ 

Add re.' _____ _ 

City _______ _ 

Slalc ____ 7jp ___ _ 
Cl1<..«-I< dL."i'~'(j f( ""M 0 VI IS 0 HETA. 

Nina Blanchard's 

Please send me __ videocassettes @ $59.95 
each, plus 14.50 shipping and handling . 
(California residents add 6Y2% sales tax.) 

o Enclosed is my check or money order 
made out 10 Anthony Productions in the 

amount of S ____ _ 
Charge to the fo llowing 

credit card: 
MaSJet'card 0 Visa 0. 

Expirdliun [Me __ _ 
Ail credit card orders must 
be siMned Allow 3·4 weeks 
ror delivery. Mail to: Nina 
Blanchard, P.o. Box 708. 
Ho llywood, Ca 90028. 

Signature ______ _ 

"How to Break into Motion Pictures, 
Television, A~Qm!11ES!~ ... ~~¥odeling: L ______________________________________ ~ 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

i 

J 
"' ...... r~d 

I 

ffi- tl{/ou. M~'[)Olll1ldJm 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u...~I11111!!!~~!!!~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!--------~~~ 

ALL AMERICANMEAL ---
Quarter PounJcr ' with Chccl>C, LarKc Fry, 

Medium-Silt! Soft Drink 
CashyWt 1120 of I «nc II 

Limit o n~ ,<lUp,)n per 
customer. per I'ISIl . Please 

pr~scnl cou p o n wh~n 
ordering Not va lid With .In)' 
IJIher oller. 

Just $1.99 11 
(plus tn) II 

Only at: II 
7140 Miramar Rd. II 

............ 1Ii i. iii iii iii _iiii iii ii 
~D;_@tJ 

• iii iii ii iii iii.i iii __ _ 

Don·t Forget 
to Keep Your loci 

Covered WIth 
Summer Slckncu 

and Accident Insul'llnc& 
It's effective 

while traveling or staying home ... 
Rest .... SprIns Que .... Stude .... , Summer Stude .... , 

IIId Post Docs .. eligible to pura.c I ..... rancc. 
------All Premiums: $66.25------

ENROWNG NOW until July 15th 
---~--Infonnetlon .-ld applications ere aYallable 111:----

Student Health Center. Q.039 • 451-3300 

RAY BAN 
WAYFARER 

r--------------------I SeIII elHwltere $4O-e I 

1 s=" $25.001 
I ted. whi~ 
I 
- - - - Coupon good through 6/MJ~ 

WE GUARMTEE THE LOWEST 
SlmGIASS PRICES 

on ai, '"4Jor sungU!D b/'lllds of "'lJ teuil store. 

Open 7 days &- nights 
Old TO'NIl. 2~61 San Diego Ave. (Next to Old Town Mexican Cafe) 692-00'9 

EnCinitas 745 Ftrst St. (Lumberyard Shopping Center) 942-0337 
LaJolIa 1030 !orrey Pines Rd. (Next to Yogurt Affair) "5"-8006 

Chula Vlsaa 1140 Broadway (Price: BazaarJi22-8081 
San Ysidro 727 E. San Ysidro Blvd. (McDonald 's Trolly Station ) +28--4590 

CIalremont 4675 Clairemonl Dr. (Claire mont Square Shopping Center) 272-8808 
La Mesa 5500 Grossmonl Center Dr. (Grossmont Shopping Cenler) 697 -6697 

&condido 1321-H Easl VaHey P~. (Escondido Village MaIl) 70-6762 
Oceanside 2649 Vista Way #1 (El Camino North) 722-8099 

r------.----------_____________ --. 

THINK 
THIS 

• 

$284 $374 

Qultw.tJng 
Your 

Time & Money 
Our career profile 

testing program will 
bring out how 

UNIQUE YOU ARE 3 NIGHTS 7 NIGHTS 
Call Ed or Barbara at 459-7342 

Day CJ( Night 

leARNiNG 
CENTER 

INCWDES RDUND-TRIP AIR FARE. 

World famous fishing on secluded shores. The best seafood on the M~xic~n Riviera. Its all )'Ours at the beautiful Camino Real, Mazadan. ~ Pr.1C~S In~lude ,,?und. ttip air fare from Los Angeles on Western ~ 
Airlines. So think action this summer and call today. wtsnN Hom.s 

t4 .. • .... AHo •• 
· Prle.. based on doobl, occupancy. Tax .. and $3.00 U .. cJ.parrure tax nor InclucJ.d . 

M1C MIXICO 10'8 •• aUtII.,ANa • 
..... _ ........... (l1li .. Ilaa Or ........... QIIft __ .... ..... 



Whose tragic flaw? 
By CHRISTOPHER CANOlE, PerspeClivfS Editor 

W HE A HIGHLY PUBLICIZED tragedy strikes a member of our UC D community, fellow 
friends , students and professors often 
cannot reconcile the discrepancies 
between the official account of the event 
and their personal knowledge of the 
victim. The headline of the LA Times 
yesterday read , "Knife Wielding UCSD 
Srudent Slain by Police ." For Jim 
Crosswhite, lecturer in the Literature 
Depanment and acting director of the 
Warren College Writing Program, the 
brief public record of UCSD philosophy 
undergraduate Wayne Holden did not 
match the description of the student he 
had known for more than two years. 
"When I first began to read the LA 
Times anicle, I recalled immediately 
three weeks ago when he came in to 
complain about his encounter with the 
police," said Crosswhite. "I couldn't 
belive it had come to this." 

Crosswhite was accustomed to 
Holden dropping by his office, even 
though Holden had only taken one 
course from him. "He clearly was a 
student who wanted more from his 
education than JUSt a future job. After he 
completed the Warren Writing lOA 
course, he would drop by my olTice 
every two weeks or so to ask that I help 
him go over a recent paper he was 
writing. He was more interested in our 
intellectual exchange than the papers 
themselves. 

"I always knew Wayne to be level-
hea.ded and self-controlled, at least up 
untIl three weeks ago after police 
allegedly roughed him up fOT obsrructing 
an officer In the performance of his 
duty," said Crosswhite. The previous 
encounter with the police happened 
over an eqUipment violation on the car 

of his girlfriend, Mary Anewalt . They 
,":ere pulled over for a faulty taillight and 
cited. Soon afterwards a second police 
unit stopped them for the same 
violation. As Anewalt explained to one 
officer that they had JUSt been informed 
of the violation, a second officer asked 
Holden to srep out of the car and 
submit to a search on suspicion of drug 
possession. Holden and Anewalt told 
the officers they had just been fighting 
and Holden's red eyes were a resuh of 
crying. The second olTicer asked to see 
Holden's license , and while returning 
the hcense allegedly aCCidentally tore it. 
Holden was arrested when he protested 
what he felt to be a hostile action. Later, 
Holden told Crosswhite the officer 
struck him while he was in the police 
unit. "Wayne seemed naive to me on 
this point. It was if no one had hit him 
before. He was shocked at the fact the 
police had hit him. He was shaken that 
day, and it was hard for me to get the 
full story from him . That was the last 
time I saw Wayne." 

Crosswhite reflected back on the 
years before the first police encounter 
and yesterday's events that ended in 
Holden's death by six police bullets. "He 
was originally an engineering student. 
He turned to philosophy because it 
meant more to him. He would always 
come to the office with some new idea. 
One day Wayne came to me with some 
good ideas on how to improve the 
Warren Writing Program." 

Holden stood out in Crosswhite's 
min? be~ause of his unique approach to 
studies. I remember in the last several 
months he wanted to talk on Hegel for a 
philosophy paper. The paper staned off 
shon in the first draft and then it got 
longer as he tried to clarify the 

Summer Session 1985 
REGISTRATION 

Classes. are beginning to fill up so 
register tocfay. Registration 

deadline: Wednesday, June 19, 
1985. For a free catatog come by 
the Summer Session Office, 101A 

M-F 8-4:30. 
~~§i! 

Last Silk this year 
MayJO&J1 

10:00 am-2:oo pm 
University BooltstofT 

510 off sil\IU 
5 .. 008' 18-karat gold 

MSt' i 
_ Il 

philosophical ideas. I considered it 
unusual for an undergraduate to take on 
Hegel in this depth . That is what always 
drew my ancntion to him." 

Crosswhite and Holden developed a 
bond because of common interests. "He 
kept coming back to my office for two 
years because he knew 1 was a Santa 
Cruz undergraduate like himself and 
that I was writing my dissenation in 
philosophy." Holden withdrew from 
UCSD during this quaner in preparation 
for his return to Santa Cruz, where he 
planned to finish his degree . 

After many discussi~ns, Crosswhite 
began to know Holden's method of 
thinking, "He was Socratic. More than 
either being right himself or being 
corrected by someone else, he wanted to 
engage in a philosophical dialogue. He 
wasn't hesitant to give in on a point, if 
he could see that he was wrong. But he 
was not the type to back down if he 
believed he was right" Holden told 
Crosswhite he felt the police had 
VIolated his rights by searching his 
person for drugs when there was no 
probable cause. 

Holden's philosophical approach 10 
life went outside the classroom and into 
the anti-apanheid rallies. "He was 
seriously involved in the 
demonstrations. He used his quick wit 
to lighten the pressure of a heated 
conversation. He was good natured with 

the other students in class and a little 
more earnest about improving his 
writing." 

To Crosswhite, Holden's personality 
changed after the first police encounter. 
"The Wayne I saw then was afraid of 
the police; that is why he ran." Holden's 
father had called the 911 emergency 
number asking for medical assistance to 
help subdue his son after his 
unsuccessful attempts that lasted several 
hours. Crosswhite knew Holden's 
developed ability to be reasoned with. 
"It is hard for me to believe eight police 
officers and one Wayne Holden could 
not have come to some other terms than 
shooting him six times." At present, 
repons are conllicting as to what threat 
Holden was to the police. "He was a 
very small person in height and weight 
rHO Ibsl, cenainly not of threarening 
stature," said Crosswhite, who could not 
recall Holden ever confronting another 
individual. "If I had been there, I would 
have had no reservations about driving 
up and asking him to get into my car 10 
dISCUSS what was bothering him." 

Finally, Crosswhite asked a question 
many of Holden's friends, fellow 
students and teachers may be asking 
themselves right now: "I wonder what it 
felt like 10 be shot six times." ~ 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
A Full Service Salon 

We woufd like to imroduce to you our 
new and talented hair stylists, 
Kathy and Ralph Jerri 
Women 512, reg. S25 
Men 510, reg. SI~ 
Highlighting Sproal & Cut $40 
For appointment. please call 457-2930. 
89",,0 Villa La Jolla Or., Suite 2120, La 10lla 
(behind 1::1 Torito «< Hudeo . directly across I he ramp) 

ClNew York Style Pizza" ~ PIZZ~~ 
Free Delivery 

r----COUPON----_ 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive II FREE "Po II La Jolla Village Square ... 

La Jolla, Cafifornia I With purchase .~ I 
587 -0700 : of an~~: pizza lLJJ : 

I Diet Coke One coupon I 
HOURS: Mon- Thurs, 5:00 pm . 10:00 pm I 01' T... per pIZza I 

Fri-·Sal - Sun 5:00 pm 10 Midnight ----------___ 1 
Lwpon "P"'" 61 JO/85 

We accept: Visa, Mastercard, American Express & checks. 

•• toraate Mario, Italian Cuisine 
Receive a complimentary ~ liter of house wine when you enjoy any of 

our fine seafood or Italian dinner entrees. 

Thursday. May 30, 1985 11 

the! wrltgr's fi 

"U h t th · ']" m ... u ... can you repea e questIon. 
By PHIL lAUDER 

I '\IE BEEN TO THREE WEDDINGS in my lifetime. One was my parents' in 1970; I was six years old, so I don't 
remember a whole lot about the thing. 
All I know is what I see in the wedding 
album that gets dragged out every five 
years or so. In those photos I see a 
stupid little kid dressed in a black velvet 
suit holding a little white pillow for 
who-knows-what purpose . I also see 
relatives the way they looked 15 years 
ago. I laugh. 

The second wedding I attended was a 
couple years ago, the wedding of the 
former editor of this paper. His was an 
outdoor wedding- very nice and very 
cool, but not all that traditional; it didn't 
give me a real taste of the full-on , sit-
down , drag-out, let's-go-to-the-church 
kind of wedding. 

The weekend before last I attended 
wedding number three , and this one 
did give me a taste of what the more 
traditional variety is like. Scary stuff, I 
tell you. 

I'm friends with the bride, whom I 
met at m)' bank three years ago. Barb is 
a very lovely lady of 27, and this is her 
second marriage-and last , she swears. 
She's now wedded to an Air Force 
lieutenant from Arizona, which is now 
her home state, and away they go to live 
happily ever after. They probably Just 
gOt back from the honeymoon in Hawaii 
tQday. 

But to get to Hawaii they first had to 
survive their wedding. Without freaking 
out. 

One has to be a pile of nerves before 
one's wedding. There's no way around 
it:"-except through drugs, and I'm not 
sure I'd want to be a waste case at my 
wedding. First of all, you have to 
remember and perform a 'ceremony 

hair REMOVED PERMANENTLY 
by regist9ted. protElSSIOflol electrologists 

WOMEN I MEN ~ 
GenII. Treatment 
AU o..-itlzlng 
• MedIcal Approved 
• California lIceneed 
• Tax Deductible 
FtiE CONSULTAnON 

dayHlVenlngs-SatUlday"'~=::--
ADVANCED METHODS 
ELECTROlYSIS CLINICS 

LAJOUA IALIOA "All( 
1~12G1 1589-9050 I __ 10 __ 

_A ... 
La Jolla YII .... ~. Q . 6111 A ... _ 0.. 

Fully portable computer. 2 
disk drives. Monitor. 16 
Function Keys. Printer & 2 
serial parts, WordStar. 
Spreadsheet. DataBase 

$1550 FREE SORWAREI 
KayPro. Osborne. etc. 

compatible, 
Ask for details on 

Graduation Parties, 
SLEEPV HK)LL()~ 

695-9220 

before a live audience-not JUSt any live 
audience, but one comprised of 100 or 
so of the best friends you and your 
spouse-to-be have. This is the most 
imponant ceremony you're ever going to 
go through, and unless you're Elizabeth 
Taylor, you ain't getting a second or 
third or eighth chance. And you know 
you're going to blow something. "And 
will you, Barb, take Greg to be your 
lawfully [as opposed to unlawfully] 
wedded husband, to honor and cherish 
and blahblahblah .... Answer now 'I 
will.'" "Urn ... uh ... can you repeat the 
question?" 

It isn't just the getting up in front of 
everyone for your bit that is going 10 
make you nervous. Every little detail 
about the event has been planned and 
hashed out and sweated over for 
sleepless nights on end. The fancy quill 
pen for signing the guest book beller 
not run Out of ink. The cloth runner 
that goes down the cemer aisle for the 
bride to s troll upon better not have a rip 
in it. The candles at the front of the 
church better light when they're 
supposed 10, dammil. The Singer better 
not get laryngitis, and better not be 
tone-deaf. The organist better not be a 
boozer. Same for the minister. At the 
reception , the caterers better not spill 
anything on anyone , and there better as 
hell be enough food . The groom's 
brother better not get too sauced before 
he announces the toast. The cake better 
nor collapse under its own weight (or 
anyone else's, for that matter). And on 
and on and on. If anything goes wrong, 
the whole thing becomes a fiasco in the 
couple 's eyes. There's a commercial for 
some car company where it stans 
raining at Daddy's little girl's wedding 
reception, and the music dies and 

everyone stans taking off, and the bride 
falls into hysteriCS because her 
wedding's ruined . That has to be every 
couple's worst fears in living color. 
Fonunately, Daddy saves the day by 
offering everyone rides home in the 
torrential downpour, and the music 
continues. 1 hope my daddy owns a 
Subaru on my wedding day. 

The amount of planning that has to 
go into one of these things is almost 
mind-boggling. When to get married, 
what to wear, where the wedding will 
be , where the reception will be, who's 
performing the ceremony, who's catering 
it and what exactly will be catered, what 
the invitations are going to say and how 
fancily they're going to say it, who will 
be invited in the first place, who will be 
the best man and the maid of honor, 
what kind of music will be played , 
who's going to play it and/ or sing it , 
how religiOUS (or sexist) will the text be 
that each panner says to the other, who 
will hake what kind of wedding cake, 
what kind of guest book and fancy quill 
pen will be found, what kind of runner 
on the floor will be bought, and, of 
course, how in hell are we going to pay 
for all this garbage? 

It amazes me how much of these 
ceremonies is dictated by tradition. 
Everything's tradition. The guests arrive , 
the guests sign the guestbook, the 
organist plays, the bridesmaids waltz 
down the aisle followed by Dad and the 
bride, the bride meets the groom, the 
priest or minister or whoever comes out 
and goes through a spiel j the bride and 
groom say "I will" and kiss, the music 
plays and they walk up the aisle. Then 
it's off to the reception, where a few 
things have to happen: presents are 
brought, food is served, the couple is 

toasted , a bouquet is tossed, a ganer belt 
is removed and tossed , and people take 
pictures. 

One tradition I'd never heard of 
before Barb's wedding involves the 
wedding cake. The two cut the cake 
together-fine. And then they each take 
a piece-and they're encouraged to 
smash it all over each other's faces ! 
That's terrible! Who the hell staned that 
tradition? Here it is, a happy, fine day, 
the sun is shining, the birds are singing, 
the flowers are blooming-it'S a day for 
two people to stan the rest of their lives 
together, and they're supposed to stan it 
off by tricking each other and grinding 
cake into each other'S face . I don't get it. 
If my wife tries that with me. it's all 
over-"Is there a lawyer in the house?" 
Maybe we'll get to the cake part before 
we exchange the vows, just _in case. 

* * * 
During the next few years many of us 

are gomg to watch with amazement as 
one by one our friends drop off the 
bachelor or bachelorette list and head 
into the wide weird world of matrimony. 
Some of these people we'd never expect 
to wed; they're too loose or too free or 
toO aloof or too anti-social or too flat-out 
strange to ever get married , and yet they 
WIll. And so Will you. Not all of you. 
Some of you-most of you, in fact. Like 
it or not. 

At Barb's reception 1 sat at a table 
with her banking friends-paired off in 
couples, two of them married, one of 
them about to be. And then they looked 
at me, with "You next. kid?" in their 
eyes. Hey, don't look at me, man. I ain't 
getting married for a few decades, OK? 
Leave me alone. 

They laughed. ~ 

THINK 
IXTAPATHIS 

$386 
3 NIGHTS 

$487 
TNIGHTS 

INCWDES ROUND-TRIP AIR fARE. 

Architecrure inspired by ancient ruins. Located on Mexico's Gold ~ 
Coost. It's all yours at the breathtaking Camino Real, Ixtapa, Prices 
include round~trip air fare from Los Angeles on Western Airlines.· 
So thinle luxury this summer and call today. WEsnN Hom.s 

#f":'. 11m ..... 
• Pric .. 1....d on douhk occuponq. Tax .. and $3.00 U.S. depar_ .ax not Included. 



. ... 

12 III "' "/,/, . ,\1<1\ )0. /' 18') 

Pat Powtrs led the USA to victory in a 
five-game thnller Tuesday night In the gym. 

By CHRISTOPHER CANOLE 
"W HE WE ARE FORCED 

to play harder, the game 
feels like slow motion," 

said Pat Powers of the USA Men 's 
Volleyball Team. "You're able to see 
more of the game as your peripheral 
vision widens and depth of field 
expands." Powers helped demonstrate to 
the audience who witnessed Tuesday 

I MMEDIATELY FOLLOWING Sunday'S 34-poim mutilation of the Los Angeles Lakers counesy of the 
colorless Celtics of Boston . basketball 
fans. writers and commentators began 
questioning the mental toughness of 
West Coast basketball teams. If Sunday's 
game was any indication of the 
durability of the Laker ballclub , then this 
analysis will properly be answered in 
the next two weeks. For the LA Lakers 
dream team has its back set firmly 
against the wall . with the only way to 
unattach itself being a storming 
comeback. 

Yes, the senes IS seven games long. 
Yes, the Boston Garden is what the 
emire concept of home team advantage 
is a ll about. Sure , the Celtics played 
possibly their best game ever. Hell, 
Dutch Boy Scott Wedman was 11 for 11 
from the field , including four three-
pointers. Dainty Danny Ainge made 
nine of 15 attempts while completely 
shutting down a much quicker Byron 
Scon. "The Chief," Robert Parish , ran the 
all-time great cemer Kareem up and 
down the court like a freIght train 
tugging an old , wheezing caboose. At 
one memorable point In the second 
quarter. Parish burst ahead of Abdul-
Jabbar at midcourt, took a Larry Bird 
pass down the paint, casually turned his 
head to grimace at Kareem , and 

USA vs. Cuba, round two 

Depth perception 
night's rematch between USA and Cuba 
that the new post-Olympic gold medal 
team has the depth of ability to stage a 
comeback that was reminiscent of the 
USA victory over the Brazilians in the 
finals of the Games. Even though the 
Cubans won the first twO games (their 
first victories in three matches of this 
US tour), the spikes and blocks of Pat 
Powers kept the scores close enough for 
the USA to regroup and moum a 
comeback. 

Powers admitted that the USA had 
not expected the less experienced 
Cuban team to tighten up enough to 
handle the attack of the American 
armada that had sunk the Cuban spirits 
with devastating victories In Santa 
Barbara and here at UCSD Sunday. 
"They started to run the middle like we 
haven't seen them do since before the 
Games. And their serves fired across the 
net." said Powers. The hook serve of 
Cuban Abel Sarmientos and leaping 
smashes of Eugenio Oniz cleared the 
two-inch tape at the top of the net that 
had seemed lik6 an impenetrable US 
boarder crossing in earlier games, 
resulting In a quick 7-2 Cuban lead in 
the first game. USA team captain Karch 
Kiraly and Cuban Leonardo Silie 
sprayed spikes to all corners of the 
coun as the teams traded scores to 
reach 10-7. For a moment the Cubans 
became disorganized and the 
Olympians' comeback looked like the 
beginning of another rout. The Cuban 
middle broke when Powers began his 
two-game stellar performance, narrowing 
the margin to 13-12. Now it was Powers 
and the Cuban servers trading sideouts, 
but the Cubans were dug in and 
determined not to lose this one. Their 
15-13 victory alened everyone that they 
had their own form of power. 

Like an Indy driver, Powers turned on 
his turbo boost with driving spikes to 
live up to his reputation as the most 
overpowering hitter In the Olympics, 
during which he taDied 103 kills in 176 

swings. The Cubans seemed to be 
victims of stun guns with every shot 
from Powers. Silie was not to be . 
outdone by this power serve, keeping 
the score even through the first eight 
points. The excitement of the moment 
could be seen on the two benches, 
where both sides' players were on their 
feet constantly warming up for their 
turns as replacement baners. Like a 
grounding wire , the Cubans dug into 
the ground to dissipate Powers' energy 
surges, resulting in a five-pOint spread, 
14-9. Powers came on again, directing 
his spikes deeper into the Cuban coun 
and pulling USA back to 14-13. From 
that deep baseline the Cubans retaliated 
through their serves, ending the second 
game 15-13. 

As the third game opened. one could 
feel the sweaty palms of the audience. 
Did the new Men 's USA Team have 
depth beyond their returning Olympic 
five? That question was quickly 
answered with the first three USA 
points. And the audience answered with 
its approval by turning up the volume of 
cheers. Maybe someone told the USA 
team that ABC Television was recording 
the entire event on twO tripod cameras. 

ow the USA men began playing to a 
larger audience, their public beyond the 
gym walls of UCSD. 

Very poor officiating marred the USA 
performance. Often the head referee 
failed to acknowledge his linesmen's red 
flags. Finally, the USA coach had some 
words with the official, and the local 
favoritism was removed . 

Rallies of ten to 20 spikes per side 
sparked the atmosphere as both Powers 
and Kiraly set fire to the entire team. 
The Cubans held on up to 5-4, but the 
current was too much for them to 
handle. Down 12-5. the Cubans tried to 
pick up their spirits by performing a 
Harlem Globetrotter weave that 
delighted the audience. Maybe it was 
the USA comeback, maybe the antics of 
the Cubans, but whatever it was, the 

Mid -series preview 
An analysis of the Lakers/ Ceities clash 

By MATTHEW]. CRONIN 
rammed the ball home with two hands. 
So much for age intimidation. 

The rest of the Laker club was about 
as shellshocked as the Big Man . Magic 
Johnson hesitated 10 drive down the 
lane all game, thereby nullifying any 
chance for open shots. James Worthy 
played like a man possessed . but was 
overmatched by Bird and Lurch McHale 
inSide . Wonhy, who owns one of the 
quickest turnaround jumpers in the 
NBA, was cleanly rejected by McHale 
early in the second quaner to the astonish -
ment of many Laker fans . Although Lurch's 
arms hang below his ankles. Wonhy's 
jumping ability far exceeds thaI of the 
cement-footed McHale, and no one 
expects Kevin to go on inruition. 

A look at the matCh-Ups might paint a 
dearer picture of how the rest of the 
series will go: 
CENTERS 

Kareem Abdul Jabbar (Lakers) vs. 
Roben 'The Chief' Parish (Celtics) 

Forget Kareem 's early foul Irouble 

Sunday; he is a winner with great 
determination and finesse . The Chief 
might be able to oudeg him , but a 
guaranteed better shooling percentage 
by the Lakers in tonight'S game will 
severely cut down on the Cehics' 
fastbreak opponunities. Parish , though , 
thoroughly outdueled Moses Malone in 
the Philadelphia massacre , and has 
improved hiS inside game immensely. 
Fmally, remember how badly Kareem 
wants thIS championshIp. EDGE: 
IJakers. 
POWER FORWARDS 

Kun Rambis, Bob McAdoo, Larry 
Spri~ (Lakers) vs. 

Kevin McHale, Cornbread Maxwell 
(Celtics) 

A big advantage to the Celtics here, as 
none of the Lakers can touch either the 
grizzled veteran Maxwell or the master 
McHale on defense. OITensively, Bobby 
can pop eratically and Rambis will get 
junk hoops oIT the offensive boards, but 
McHale will average at lea 51 18 poims a 

attitude of all people in the gym seemed 
to have changed from that of an 
international confrontation to a 
crossr.own rivalry. Someone unfurled a 
six-foot Cuban flag in the audience, and 
for one moment UCSD became the 
Olympics. 

The sense of slow motion for the USA 
players must have come to a standstill, 
as they set up and spiked fasrer than 
the Cubans could handle. The game 
frantically expanded beyond the 
sidelines as the audience made way for 
players diving up to the third row for a 
dig. Drained after so many spikes in the 
first three games, both teams turned the 
founh game into a net blocking 
demonstration by the blocking brothers 
of Craig Buck and Ralph Smith . Time 
stopped for everyone after the score 
reached 13-9 USA. For 20 minutes 
sideouts were the nature of the game. 
Everyone in the gym wondered if the 
USA could break away from the Cuban 
grip. Then suddenly, in less than one 
minute , the USA came up with three 
spectacular spikes and evened the 
match. 

Before the final game began , people 
throughout the gym were removing their 
coats and swearers, hoping to cool oIT 
after the first four games. They should 
have kept their shins on for the night 
air. though. as the USA team quickly 
doused any hopes the Cubans might 
have hail of rekindling the fires of their 
first two games. Kiraly dropped depth 
charges on every Cuban digger, breaking 
their concentration and team 
coordination . The Cubans came up from 
the deep with their first point at 5-1 , 
then sunk down again. 11-5. As if to 
prepare the Cubans for their next match 
in rainy Ponland, the USA flooded the 
Cubans, 15-6. 

While signing autographs , USA 
captain Kiraly said the closeness of the 
second match resulted from both teams 
learning from each other and respecti~ 
each other's talent. Ii:jJ 

game for the series. Cornbread is hun, 
Spriggs is too inexperienced, and the 
Celtics work the baD bener insIde. 
EDGE: ultics. 
SMALL FORWARDS 

James Wonhy (Lakers) vs. 
Larry Bird, Scon Wedman (Celtics) 

First off, Larry Bird is not exactly a 
small forward; it's just that most teams 
are forced to match up with him as a 
small forward . Wonhy may be the besr 
player in the league in a few years once 
Pat Riley figures out how to exploit his 
talents, but for now Btrd is the beSt 
forward in the league. Although Worthy 
can score over him , Bird will match his 
point total with ease. Just thinking about 
the other aspects of Bird's game is 
enough, but if Scon Wedman continues 
his torrid shooting pace, this series 
could be over early. EDGE: ultics. 
POINT GUARDS 

Magic Johnson. Michael Cooper 
(Lakers) vs. 

Dennis Johnson. Quinn Buckner 
(Celtics) 

So, Magic chokes? WeD. he has had a 
few off days in his six-year career, but 
the man dots not take the apple. If there 
is one person who can win this series 
for the West Coast, it's Magic . OJ 
defenses Magic better than anyone else 

> COPmNUED ON PAGE 13 \ 

. . . 

»)0 ::;: ..... -N' ...... , 

Go on a surfin' safari 
JUST CLOSE YOUR EYES and imagine ... lazily lou~ging at ~he . beach, skillfully boogle-boardmg In 

the waves, crazily dancing in the 
sand, sinfuDy eating cool ice cream 
sundaes, resrfully picnicking at 
sunset .... Ah, with only a week left of 
school, students are already day- (and 
night-) dreaming of the summer fun 
which lies ahead . Some will return from 
whence they came in the fall, others are 
moving on to new horizons, and the 
remaining few are (luckily) destined to 
stay' in beautiful San Diego to share in 
the treasures which America's Finest 
City oITers to all who live here. Padre 
games, miles of surf and sand, fine 
outdoor eatery eSlablishments, over-the-
line tournaments, and an abundance of 
recreational spons designed to build 
better bodies and healthier minds. 

encompassing gymnastiCS club that 
prOVides training for a wide range of 
panicipants from the beginner to the 
advanced gymnast. How does one 
become involved in these activities? And 
where is there more information about 
them? 

The answer to both these questions 
lies at the OlTice of Campus Recreation. 
Here srudents can pick up the summer 
edition of the Canyonvitw and browse 
through page after page of summer fun , 
fun , fun . It is here also where students, 
continuing and graduating. can 
purchase their tickets 10 summer 
fitness-a recreation privilege card. This 
mere slip of paper opens many doors ... 
to pools, jacuzzis, weight rooms, 
gymnasiums, tennis, squash and 
racquetball couns, discounts on 
recreation exercise and activity sessions, 
Mission Bay Aquatic Center, intramurals, 
outdoor equipment rentals .... Whew! 
Rec cards go on sale June 10 and cost 
$16. Campus Recreation has kept your 
health, mind and budget in its thoughts 
while designing a unique and 
invigorating summer schedule. 

Campus Recreation is proud to he a 
pan of this San Diego tradition of fun 
and sun. Unlike other olTices, OCR runs 
at fuD speed all summer long with a 
wide range of activities to choose from . 
There are exercise sessions in tennis, 
swimming, racquetball, aerobics, ballet, 
jazz, ballroom, yoga, t'ai chi, weight 
training, scuba, sailing, fencing, karate, 
and the lisr goes on .. . and on ... and 
on. There are also intramural spons, 
outdoor recreation happenings, open 
recreation hours. and a brand new 
program, Aip San Diego, an all-

So stop by some time during this 
hectic week to pick up the Canyonvicw, 
and get ready for summer in San Diego! 
OCR can also be reached by phone at 
452-4037. This is sure 10 be your besr 

Sailing is Qne of the many outdoor 
summer yet! ~ ac tivities oJtrtd by the Offict of Campus Recreation this summer. 

- Kathy Odell 

Hendo (16-1) night'S 
We own it enters . nd o[ the 

driver'S. seat ~et champiOnshIP TOll Criswell, 
winner s brae .. ha\l ClassIC. Scott have 
1985 Ford Vo\leyv Snyder and the gangtO the (.arol Lipson. Te"(n in sight on Its way Dinky FORD VOLLEYLlfiLL CLfiSSIC riPtlr~~~~::Z: nilSdghbet'S :;c~;~~~~t oats" 
l\ . 'nky shoO. MA opponen . 
Dinky DI he coffin o( coed hedu\ed [or 
driven In t . hips are sc 
The ChampIons June 6th. ...J. otIs o[ 
Thursday evenmS d A divisional P-Yd rvny 

The Coed M ~~-uhall ClasSiC get un e raI 
985 Ford Vo ..... yv UCSD Intral1\U the I d Monday as [ 'ts season. ~~~~aI~:nte~~~~r;~: ~g:: ~~t 

Butt Slammers. pear to have the In~1 Spiked 
n the season. aP:bey'II be pushed Y 

o the M title. T ey dartthor5C· uaI 
to h (14-1) as the M '\I fealUtt the us Ba\l Pu~~e A DiviSiO"._~ (16-2) and the d The Gnous [)ave Saun ers 
crapshoot. (15-3) both [rom the th table most 
.. tl...ackers. . up to e h 
YO" '\1 be steppIng . { a longs ot .. · 
League w~d i[ you'tt lookms or 
orten ." a h usual 
h M darkhor5C· '\1 feature t e n~\I t e Division WI 2) nd the ..... 

The A The Gnads (16- a ve Saunders 
crapshOOl. (15 3) both {rom the [)ah '-"Ie most 
Wh ckers -, . P to t e uw a '\1 be steppIng u [ a longshot ... 
League :~d i[ y~'re lookmgl;~3) .. . nOlhing 
orten .. . SIMPt.E MINOS ( m to keep on 
try SlX t them. they lust see 
complex abou 
winning. ~, .C.SIC 

t.LE'I'BN-t. UJ'-' FORD VO . Ni hl Schedule 
ChampionshIP g coed A 

6 8:00 pm Coed M 
6 8:00 pm coed AM 
6 8.00 

FORO MUSTANG 
Mustang_ .. the spirit that moves you! Choose your fun 
in 2-door; 3-door or convertible. Compare LX for 
equipment and price with any car in its class, you'll be 
pleasantly surprised. Test drive a Mustang GT. Or, the 
Ford SVO with Z.3L turbocharged, intercooled 4-cyl-
inderengine, 5-speed manual transmission, adjustable 
Konie shock absorbers, and more. 
FORD BRONCO [( 

COMPuTER 
I'OINrs 

99ti 
891 
8/2 
789 
70t 

Thursday, May 30. 1985 13 
snt.n 

Lakers/ Celts 
< CONTINUED FRON PAGE 12< 
in the NBA, but he will tire when the 
series switches back to LA. Cooper is a 
superlative defensive player and a great 
asset on the fastbreak. Neither OJ nor 
Buckner is much of a threat offensively, 
nor very quick, but they are savvy. 
EDGE: Lakers. 
SHOOTING GUARDS 

Byron Scott, Mike McGee (Lakers) vs. 
Danny Ainge, Ranting Ray Williams 

(Celtics) 
The'addition of the Knickerbocker 
refugee Williams and Ainge's newfound 
confidence 10 the Celtic lineup has 
made the team that much better than 
last year's championship club. Ainge 's 
outside shot is not as pure as Byron's. 
His court awareness is much greater, 
though , which balances Scon's edge in 
speed. McGee and Ray match up fairly 
evenly also, but give the nose to 
Williams if only for experience. EDGE: 
Even. 

If the Lakers win tonight, then they 
have a good chance to capture the 
series, as they should take twO out of 
three in Los Angeles and have the 
ability to win another in Boston. If not, 
you can count on another banner to be 
hung from the rusty rafters of Boston 
Garden. Think now of pride. Celtic and 
Laker pride. For that will determine the 
winner in this championship of 
immense pressure. Say hello to 
Hollywood . ~ 

452-0630 

PRE-MEDS 
Preparing your AMCAS appl~? 
Unsure of haN to best Pfesent yourself 
to the medical schools? 

YED APS CAN HELP. 
Our professional consultants periorm an 
In-de!Xh analysis of your credentials be-
fore you submrt them to the adrTllS-
SIOOS comm1ltees By uhliZlng our recom-
mendatIOns. you can then submrt a per-
sua5lve applICation that WIN maximize 
your chances of acceptance. 

For more Information. write or call: 

MEDAps 
1162 Winchester !we SUlle M Glendale. CA 91201 

(818) 242 8196 



•• 

BUD LIGHT 
MAY 

Athlete of the Month 

JESSICA VERNON 
Women's Tennis 

Vernon, a 5-7 senior from San Diego, 
played a major role in the T ritons' 
road to success in this year's NCAA 
Division III Women's Tennis 
Championship. A three-year starter 
for coach Liz laPlante, Vernon won 
two of her three matches as the Tritons 
defeated Trenton State 5-1, Principia 
College 5-4 and Davidson 8-1 en route 
to their first-ever team tennis tide. In 
individual play, Vernon won three 
straight and advanced to the semi-
finals before losing 2-6, 6-4, 1-6 to the 
tournament's eventual individual 
tidest, Courtney Allen of Principia 
College. Vernon finished the year with 
a 23-9 record. 
But the highlight of Vernon's 
performance at the nationals came in 
doubles play when she teamed with 
fellow senior Nadine Akimoto to win 
the doubles title. Vernon and 
Akimoto concluded their season with 
a school-record 23-6 record. 

Two of UC San Diego's more 
talen ted athletes, Jessica 
Vernon and Pat Wei shan, 
played major roles in helping 
their respective teams gain 
national prominence during the 
1985 spring athletic season. As 
a result, Vernon and Weishan 
have been tabbed as UCSD's 
Co-Athletes of the Month , for 
May. 

PATWEISHAN 
Men's Golf 

(no p/w<o aw,kJble) 
Weishan, a 5-10 sophomore from EI 
Cajon, turned in what may have been 
one of the school's better "clutch" 
performances in this year's NCAA 
Division III Championship 
Tournament. Weishan, a 1984 AlI-
American, trailed by six strokes 
entering the fi nal round, trailing Bryon 
Goldsworthy of Central (Iowa) 
College. After 17 holes, Weishan still 
trailed by three strokes on the final 
hole of the tournament. Sinking a 
twisting 17 -footer for a birdie, 
Wdshan soon found himself in a 
sudden-death playoff when 
Goldsworthy double-bogeyed the 
same hole a few seconds later. 
Weishan lost a chanceatthe title when 
Goldsworthy birdied the second hole 
of the playoff, compared to Weishan 's 
par effort. Weishan led the T r irons to 
a second-place finish in the 
tournament, the highest finish by any 
Tri ton golf team. 

ilr 

l. Brian Evans 
2. Stu Matz 
3 louMatz 
4 Mike Branmgan 
5 Bob Krier 
6 Shawn Robinson 

7. Ric Hanman 
8. Wa Win Mok 
9. Uoyd Chen 
10. Collin Cooper 
II. Enc Gross 
12. Keith Cramer 

LA MACHINE 
Men's A Ultimate Disc Champs 

Once a machine always a machine. Yes, folks , the lads from LA 
MACHINE have done it again with another sterling 1M performance. 
This time around it was the wacky world of Ultimate Disc as Brian Evans, 
Stooey and Looey Matt and the rest of the boys did another number on 
the best UCSD has to offer . 
In an incredible week. La Machine knocked off Sigma Nu 15-3, 
Skyrnaster 14-7, and you know who (SWAMP) 13-8 to annex their first 
Ultimate championship. 
It 's another Miller Lite High Five to the best rookie disc catchers on 
campus ... La Machine. 

PROFESSOR NOTES ........ REOUIRED READINGS ...... .. ARTICLES ........ PAST/CURRENT EXAMS ........ HOMEWORK SOlUTIONS ........ PROFESSOR NOTES ........ REQUIRED READINGS ........ PAST/CURRENT EXAMS 

FINALS ARE APPROACHING I 
SOFT RESERVES 

. 

HAS PHOTOCOPIED ACADEMIC MATERIAL FOR 
2,000 CLASSES 

REGULAR HOURS: M-F 9-5 
SAT 10-3 

FINALS HOURS: SUN 10-3 
MlW 1.0-4 

TF 11-3 

DON'T WAIT UNTIL THE LAST MINUTE I 
- CLOSED SUMMER -

GET YOUR SUMMER SCHOOL MATERIAL NOW 

If we don't have your cl_s, _k your professor or T.A. to submit material 

~ STUDENT CENTER RM 121 x6256 ACROSS FROM PIJ8 ! 
~ g 
t=uw .. m IDN~'03!~:::~~~~~~~:~5~"~~~~:' ........ illOO.oo~ ........ ~ 

a-lfled ~Ing spIKe .. sold In 
lOO-ch.r.cter Incremenu. E.ch 
lear. puncIUIItIon IMrie .nd ..,.. 
belI:..,.en words Is cansldeNd • 
ch.r.cter, with alplUtI letters 
counting .. two c:N1'IIdieI'I. The ..... 
.. S1 per 100 ctNIl1ICIen far studenIS 
_nd 0 per 100 cNl'IIdieI'I far non-
studenII. You must c:ame by'" ofIIce 
or ...... In )OW' lid ... we ....... 
,.....1 In ~nce of pubIIaItIon. 
DeIidII,.. ... 5 pm ru.cs.y for 
n..tndll)ls fNlper. 5 pm FrtdIiy for 
Mond.y's p.per, For more 
Infor .... tlon alII 452-3466. The 

animals-Good pets until you're tired of 
'eml cal 436-7993.16/6) 

2 tIx for Howard .Jones on June 5 at 
SOSU. SeaM rowS. Best offer. Call 455-
9863. (6/31 
For Sale 1973 240Z mint condition with 
many ectras must ~112SK miles $3000. 
,cal 453-5335 nights. (5/30) 

For Sale: watrrbed 5200 2 futons SSO 
desk 525 ~ 535. can Soott 450-
9490. (5/301 

:::.-n.OOD.--~--.CAim61111111 

VIolin, viola, prep tor 32 or just for fun. 
Individual or shared lessons. H~n 
Martin, 457~71. (6/6) 

LA JOUA ACNJEMY OF ADVERTIS-
ING ARTS l-yr. (DUrose & job plaament 
assisrarn in ~ng, design, copy, 
production, sales, marketing or 
publicity. Now enrolMng for .Ju1e 17. 

~ catalog 459-0201. (6/6) 
Free ~ to a good hc:lme; I yr. old 
female Collie/shepherd mix. Very sweet 
and smart tool Cindy 226-6310. (5/30/ 
Sigma Nu presents a "Party Without A 
cause" in the Rec Gym this Sat 6/1 at 
9pm. Featuring HNotice to Appear." 
Refreshn'1entS. TIckets 52 at Box otIIce. 
(5/30) 

1IIII18WIIII 
Beautiful ~ solid oak & bird's ¥ 
maple ~ grand p..o. 1919 Storey 
& Clark. SI200 . .Jan 452-3466da)'s; 45t-
8654 ~ (6/6) 
75 PontiacAstre, gd. condo 4 speed stick . 
5650. 263-7578. 16/6/ 

3 Surfboards. wetsult, massage tabie-
011 are S40 or less (eJaPt wmultJ. can 
Andy 483-6229. (5/30) 
Adorable animal rubber stamps: Cats. 
kIttens, bunnies, bears, pandas, 
penguins, lri:Dms. etc.1 0W!r 320 
designSl Use on nocepads. ~ Ib!n 
erwlopes. c::hedcs. aeaIr sratione.y, 
stickers etc.! Great _ Ideal Free 
c::ataIogl Send SAS.E. 1.391 to: Critter 
care Center, P.O. 80JC 77, Solana Beach, 
CA 92075. (6/6/ 
NordIca ski boot gift Cl!rtifIcate, Your 
choice of model, me, m color. S200 or 
best Cal 755-6594. (6/61 

Touring bIc}Oe 15 speed 57an l.JrWega 
Spedalissimo w/~ set up fOr 
IDUrtng. 5400 Roger 226-6310. (5/30/ 
Jensen TriaJc. 75-watt door speakers. 
Must sacrifice at 560. Call &H1y at S66-
7273. (5/30) 
O'NeIl full welSUit m InflnlJ¥ Fourftn. 
Make an offer. Scott 453-4894. (6/61 

Brian Bulldey Trittn for sate, ~ 4 
IY10i In old and clean make offer, also 
HawaMan shapes for 1MloIesa1e. call 
Sean 452-1975. (6/61 
6 ft. 4 In. eov..nng Hawvaii single fin. 
Good condition. 575. 453-3295. (5/30) 

PIgs & I:UlnIes for salel ~I purpose 

Wanted: Talented people to write or 
illustratr for the Guardian. Call 452-
6580. (6/6) 
TYPISTS WANTED. we are looking for 
skilled twists to partldpatr in an 
experiment on coordinatIOn. We will pay 
55.00 per hour for the six houB of the 

,experiment 1'I'le ~ lei it is one hour 
per day for six days. and will take place in 
the Psychology building. For further 
information, contact Mike at 4 52~ 348 
(daysl or Todd at 589-2301 (~ngs). 
16/6) 
Wanted: Canvassers and phoners. 
Fundraising and initiative eduatlon. call 
293-3661. Hot issue. (5/30) 

Models. hairstylist La Jolla. Now 
int:erJiewlng for portfolio and possible 
TV appearances. Haircut essential at no 

~. Contact Richard at 454-9612 days, 
451-0276 eve. (6/6) 
WANTED: Two male or fl!!male to share 
room in Del Mar 85-86 yr. walk to 
beach/buS. S260 & 1/4 ut each. ca/l 
C;teph/Julle 452-8997/452-7769. 
(5/30) 
Dollars for trowel if you can haul some 
furniture to DInIer b me in .JLMle. Kay, 
274-4269. (5/30) 

Top Drawer Secretarial reports. resumes. 
Manuscripts. Student rates. Word 
procesq. 0Iane 48HI6O. (6/61 
TWlNG/\I,ORD PROCESSING: many 

~ styles to choose from, spefllng and 
pu'lCtUatIon errors correc.Ud, pidc1JP 
and cIeIYeIy, quality v.or1<. FASTlII 
52/page (double spaced). Cal, 
IrIteraCttve Miao Systrms at 452-9949. 
(6/61 
Typing: IBM/rush jobs/editing/fast, 
professional resulls. 453-0656 or 296-
7333 Shari. (6/6) 
\KIORO PROCESSING: Fast seMce. 
SI.50/page. I pidcup & deIiYer. Ardy 
I..atJr'ern 279-8056. (6/61 
PROFESSIONAL TYPING, Word 
Processing & Tape Transcription. 
Reasonable ratrs. 1'I'le Key Word, 459-
5818. (6/61 
Burke Secretarial-Quality typingl 
Spelling conect-fMtijobs speciaIly/15 
)'S. eqJer. La Jolla 457-3842. (6/61 
nP/NG/\I,ORD fROCESSING-For al 
)OUr l}'pIng needs cal Barbara at 454-
7624. Rushjobs acxepted./5/301 
1)<pit'ig: IBM/RUSH JOBS,IEOITING/ 

FAST, PrQfI5sional results/453-0656 or 
296-7333 Shari. (6/61 
A NEED FOR A TWlsn Reasonable, 
Speedy, Acruratr. call Kathie 576-1277. 
16/6) 
Settle for an "K. 90% is presentation. 
IBM word processing. 51 .25/pg, 
spellched<. Your 5ecy 755-3252. (6/61 
IBM WORD PROCESSING/Editing. 
Fast/accurate. Pick up/deliver UCSO. 
can Saly at 453-7511. 16/6) 

snJOENT SUMMER SPECIAL Haveyour 
reslM!'le profl5sionally typed. Includes 20 
oop/es and erneIopes. Free consulation 
for format Student 10 required. call 
565-2369. 16/6) 
WORD PROCESSING/TWING. Low 
emt and fast Different print styles. 481-
0887. 15/30) 
typing, top notch by college grad 
english major who Mkes students and 
tradlers. Maureen: 483-9686. (6/3) 

PROFESSIQ/I,/AL typing/editing/w.p. 8-
5 Mon-Fri. Evesjwkends by appt MITC: 
At Your SeMce, 1121 Torrey Pines, La 
:Jolla, bIn Herschei and Ivanhoe. 
SI .50/page or SIS/hour. 454-1172. 
(5/30) 
Best T}ping and Edting of your papers. 
51.50 per page. Fast courteous seMce. 
Elaine, 22<Hl329. (6/6) 
PROFESSIONAL TYPING available 
ttv'ough KlNKO'S COPIES. cOl'l\.lef'lie1t 
IoartJed in ~ RaIph'sjSav<)n shopping 
ernter. 24 hour service available. 
Reasonable. call 457-3775 for details. 
(5/30) 

WANTED: UnfUm. 3 BR or Irg. 2 BR 
house, Padfic Beach, Clalremont, 
l..t1Iversif¥ Cif¥, MIssion Beach areas. 
.wax. S65O/mo. UCSO ~, 
itferellCa .Jan. 452-3466 da)'s; 452-
8654 ~~6/6/ 
Female RClOIl'1fY1CItr wanted: summer & 
next tal. Near cafI1)US. own room, pool, 
jaaJzzi. Cal Pam 457-5176. (5/30) 
La Jolla PIa)house needs SlM1'lf1'1er 
housing: Sublets. rentals, roommab!S. 
AgreementS signed. Call carol 452-
6760. (6/61 

Fa" rental Sept-May. Fum. ocliflilt 
ocn/bay view apes studio S320/rro I br 
S525-55O 2 br S775-850 3 br 51200. 
Partcng IalIldty facility. S200 to hold I.flit 
two months. Rent required prior 
oca..,at'KY 485-7319 tN. (6/6/ 
Need female I'OOI"I1ITIiIt for .Ju~. 
S22S/mo. & 1/2 UCiIlties. For more info. 
call 488-5264. (6/3) 
Rooi.I,la1r ~ to share a 3 
bedroom condo In UTC Regc:t Its Road. 
S300 mo. Cal at 587-9233. (5/301 
wanted- dean nonsmoker for Ig 
bedrm w/Walk-in closet in Genesee 
Highlands. 5250 & 1/3 utli. Long trrm 
pIe~. 457-9693-Keep bylng. (5/30) 

Female rcomrnate wanted. Sept 85-
.JLMle 86. 0Nn room in large, b.'eIy La 
Jolla house. 5215/rro & 1/4 utilities. cal 
488-3302. Keep tryingl (S/301 

Top La Jolla Fum. Condo S6lO. I ruge 
bdrm 8352 VIa Sonoma .,X. Pool. Off 
Gilman. Avail 7/1/85. 213-516-6807. 
(5/301 

Ught large viC!'IN t'Mlhse near UCSO. For 
sale by owner. Assu~ 9.7% SI27,500. 

S82~904. (5/30) 
Female roommat:e wanted for 6/15 to 
9/15. In Mira Mesa. Share Ige. bedroom. 
S200/mo. CaU J.D. S86-0452 ~. 16/6) 
DEL MAR: Rent for one month only . .AIle 
IS to July IS. Furnished room in ocean 
\/lew condo near beach. All amenitles-
pool,jacuZZi, microwa\oe. S325. Call 481-
0560 after 6 pm. /6/6) 

Surnmerhear Ie~ 5245 & 1/4 uti to 
share huge master bdrm & bttl dbi 
closet firepl, Ig patio, pool, jaaJzzi, 
wash/dry-I mile UCSD-furnished 
.ble I. Call 456-2080 or 459-5395 
DIana or Laura. (5/301 

Mict..elle Carrol-Qur first Olympianl 
CongratulatiOns. Love, The 8ro's ofZBT. 
(5/30) 
Notice to Appear will be at the Rec Gym 
this Sat .June 1st 8rought to you by 
Sigma Nu Fraternity. Freshments, 
dancing. TIckets S2 at the Box OfrIce. 
(5/30) 

M~"m looking forward to hailing fun 
tomorrOW night at the Carnation Ball. 
It'" be our last time ... Remem that In lieu 
of very engaging young CM!rtUreS, 
undergrads talk of o~rasl LOIIe, 
~. 15/30) 
Michetle Carrol-Congrats on making 
AlI-AmeriC61. ~ you in '88 in Seoul. 
Love, your ZBT Big 8rother. /5/30) 
Hey Zebesl You ~ been inducted into 
mandatoty service, so be prepared for a 
ps)d1edelic experience. See ~ there, 
the Gamma pledge class. 15/30) 

Brett. You are by far the best big bro any 
pledge at UCSO could ~I You're a hell 
of a lot of fun to hang aromd with and 
\Ne'n get IDgdher this summer and 
party. You still ~ a lousy JlJIl1) shot. 
J.V. (5/30) 
To the blond in Soc. don't blow itI Come 
ralk to me ASAP. 0thetwIse .... (5/30) 
8en-Through thick and thin, good ' 
times and bad, sictaless and health • . 
you're the best Thanks for being ~ big 
bIOI Your litde brother, ~. (5/301 

Lost: On Muir FIeld last ThJrs. 8Iack 
watch with blade band. Reward iff<uld. 
cal 811 455-9709. (5/30) 
Found: Black IIII'OI1WI'S watch at 8S8 
5/20. Claim at EDNA. (5/30) 
Lost Red Velcro wallet. Lost near AeYI!IIe 
Informal I..otIlge on Wed. 5/22. Please 
call Jose at 264-7270 or 452~321. 

~ Message. (6/3/ 
Lost-Ladles' goIdtone watch. CItizen 
Quartz w/square face. Very ~ It 
to me. cal Diana 455-9210. (6/3) 

Found: Sharp calculator. Cal to identify. 
278-6674. (6/3) 
Lost grey v.ooI jacket on Muir or Re\.4eIe 
5/17j85.lfbn::l pieaSecai Sara at 459-
8958. Reward. (6/31 
Lost keys w. tI!tephot Ie CXlfd key chain 
cal 58'~9O. (6/61 

• 



16 Tliunda) , Mal 30, 1985 

ORA 
UOP 

L YOU DO. •• THIS 
OU! G SFO 

THIS INTRAMURAL BUD PAGE IS FOR YOU!! 
BlJDMAN'S FEARI.ESS SOFTBALL PlAYOFF PREDICTIONS 

MEN'SMA 
TEAM 
I. Profoathletics 
2. Pink Steel 
) , Bcnnan's Boys 
4. Rectamatics 

~ , One List Bone 

6. BHB 
7, Brutal Puppydogs 
8. Boffos 

lEC 
7-0 
4-1 
5-1 

3-1 
4-3 

3-2 
4-3 
4-3 

ODDS 
2-1 
4-1 
5-1 

8-1 
20-1 

40-1 
SO-I 
80-1 

COMMENTS 
Breezed through weak league 
Looking for a Nepalm Enema 
Looking to get on ESPN- A win could 
do it 
Couldn't hit water if they fell in it 
Lucky to make playoffs-hold that 
rabbit's foot 
Surprise team 
Budman's pick-if they show 
Boys of Summer will have trouble in 
Spring 

MEN'SM 
TEAM HC ODDS COMMENTS 
I . Viva Cerveza 6-0 2-1 Sandbagged Basketball : no different in 

softball 
2, Bags 7-0 3-1 3·1 odds, a very, very bad bet 
3. Med Attack 6-0 4-1 4-1 odds, a very, very good bet 
4. 8 Jerks &: a Squirt 6-0 5-1 Won't come through 
5. No Place Like Home 4-0 10-1 You'll know soon 
6. Ora's Oreos 5- l 20-1 Will get eaten 
7. Wee Suk 5-1 25-1 Only your pitcher 
8. Raging Baboons 5-1 50-1 We're not playing in Balboa Park 
9. Lift a Dog's Tail 
10. Swamp 

6·0 60-1 Hoping everyone's a fire hydrant 
5-1 l00,ooo-lOdds tOo low for these jokesters 

MEN'S A 
TEAM REC ODOS 
1. Magic Turf 11 7 -0 3-1 
2. Llgging Indicators 6-0 4-1 

3. Dangerous Tripods 6-0 6-1 
4. Sons of Dads 6-0 7-1 
5, Nine bats, 18 balls 5-0 10-1 
6. She' Got It, We Want It 4-0 12-1 
7, Screwballs 5-1 40-1 
8. Triple Play Dreads 5-1 60-1 
9, Frankie Goes to LlJolla 5·1 100-1 
IO.The Pukin Dogs 3-1 101 -1 

COEDMA 
TEAM HC ODOS 
1. Team Triton 5-0 2-5 
2. Combat 6-0 4-1 
3. Team Bozo 5-1 5-1 
4. Bad Knees 5-1 7-1 
5, Free Swingers 3-1 8-1 
6. Single Hitters 5-1 10-1 
7. Chemical Dependents 4-2 14-1 
8. Cardiac Kids 4-2 16-1 
9. Coming Home 3-2 20-1 
IO.Fourth World 3-2 25-1 

COEDM 
TEAM REC ODDS 
1. Swamp 6-0 4-1 
2. McDonald's Fann Team 6-0 5-1 
3. The Preps Go Nad 6-0 8-1 
4. It's Now or Never 6-0 9-1 
5. Phis 'n Thighs 5-0 15-1 
6. Hi Bob! 6-0 20-1 
7. G-Wally 6-0 25-1 
8. Chapperal RIders 6-0 40-1 
9. The Vasil Shuffle 4-0 200-1 
1O.Ferragut Boat Club 5-1 1001-1 

COED DORM A 
TEAM REC ODDS 
1. The Cadaver Cocktallers 7-0 

2. Schaeffer Weekenders 5-0 
3. P &: S Gloves 6-l 

4. Vida Blue's Urine Sample4-1 

5. Don't Walk 4-1 
6. The Country Club 6-1 
7. Dormbusters 4-1 
8. Nonhwestem Salt 5-2 
9. RAs On The Line 4-2 
10. Boston 4-2 

WOMEN 
TEAM REC 
1. D-Street Band 6-0 
2. Aying Fangs 5·1 
3. Wilma 4-2 
4, The Cats Are Back 3-3 
~, Second Wind 3-3 

6. GirisJust Want to Have Fun3-3 

4-1 

5-1 
10-1 

20-1 

40-1 
BO-l 
100-1 
500-1 
1000-1 
1056-1 

ODOS 
2-1 
4-1 
6-1 
8-1 
10-1 

50-1 

COMMENTS 
Could disappear 
Reaganomics has been good to these 
guys 
Don't lose that third leg 
Dad done well 
Have the balls to win 
Beg 
Bevacqua worshippers play like him 
Won't get enough runners on to worry 
Sounds like a good musical 
Odds will make these guys rabid 

COMMENTS 
Bet the Ranch 
Tou~h in the Trenches 
Cou dn't win single "A" 
Same old, same old 
Great at TGI Fridays 
Budman's Pick 
Alan Wiggin's friends 
Bad heans will suffer 
Not enough 
Good Bet 

COMMENTS 
Think they could win Coed AAA 
Good bet in a slrong division 
Need an organ player 
The latter I'm sure 
Nice thighs, Phis 
Bye Bob 
How's the Beaver? 
Ride these odds to the bank 
Better at Confetti than the diamond 
Women can only carry these guys so far 

COMMENTS 
This squad obviously lives on Green 
Chanreuse 
Dormbusters want revenge 
Trymg to carry on Third's champion 
streak 
Seventh inning stretch can be 
interesting 
Run 
Better at Golf 
Going for the Triple Crown 
Odds are too high 
Lime duck RAs have nooo chance 
Same odds at the Tea Pany 

COMMENTS 
Want revenge after last year's playoffs 
Age is a problem for the fangs 
Playmg very well lately 
Back in the pack 
Defending Champs hit hard by 
graduation 
Have a nice day 

SOFTBALL PlAYOFF INfORMA nON 
Softball playoffs stan this Sunday,June 2nd. This creates a very fast transition from 

the last regular season games Saturday,June 1st to the playoffs on Sunday. Most playoff 
teams will be playing on Sunday, June 2nd. It will be safest to assume you will be 
playing Sunday, June 2nd , if you think you are playoff bound. 

. The 1M Staff will be out in force this Saturday to coordinate the transition. Playoff 
, teams will be told when and where they will be playing after their game Saturday. 
: The playoffs will run from Sunday, June 2nd to the finals on Sunday June 9th. 

THE BUD BIRDIE REVIEW-TEAM BADMINTON CHAMPIONSHIPS 

COEDM 
TEAM,lEC 
1. Killer (5-0, 34-6) 

, 2. Four Aew (4-0,20-3) 
: 3, Orient Express 
: 4. High Strung (3-2,25-15) 

ODOS COMMENTS 
4-1 Better than Spend A Buck 
5-l Have a Oy-by-night chance 
8-1 Expressway to nowhere 
12-1 Need to be strung tighter 

, OVERVIEW: Steve, Uoyd, Christina, and Sandy of the Killers have all the events 
covered ... singles and doubles ... this one should be a breeze. 

COED A 
TEAM, lEC 
1. Just To Beat (5-0,38-2) 
2. Swamp (4-1,30-10) 
3. Whoops! Wrong Sport (27 -13) 
4. Shuttledocs (3-2,23-17) 

ODDS 
5-2 
7-2 
6-1 
15-1 

COMMENTS 
Great record but no shoo-in 
We hate to pick 'em, but ... 
Maybe it's nOl the wrong one 
A sleeper if there ever was one 

OVERVIEW: Susan Cuneo and Missy Abeson's JUSt To Beat birdie machine looks 
invincible but we have a feeling that this division will slug it out all night long. When it 
gets past midnight look for Swamp to come alive. That's the only time those guys don't 
know how to choke. 

E 

-.,c)OJIf .... ""11IIIQ ~ .. 11llS ........ "". MIlCH Me otT Lours 



• 

_.0.0- . 
Editor 

ANDREW KEELER 

Associate Editor 
CHRIS YOUNG 

Contributine Editors 
ETHAN FEERST, JOAN 
FORSBERG, RONA HU, 

JAMES RALPH PAPI' 
Staff 

MIKE >\ HN. RODDY 
BL,'(jAWA, ANDREA 

HARMON, KRI TIN KALA, 
KAREN KELLEY, JEFF 

MUNIC, JOHN NEE, ART 
SALAZAR, CARL STATER, 

RUGER STEPHENSON 

Editorial: 452-6580 
Advertitinll 452-3466 

Hlarw i.s publish~d every 
Thursday of the academic year 
as a supplem"nt to the UCSD 
GUARDIAN. Reproduct-ion 
Or use without written 

pt!rmis~ion of any portion of 
rhis magazine IS a no-no. We 
welcome unsolicited letrers, 
manuscripts, and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility lor 
the return of such. ~nJ 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, Lu Jolla, CA . 92093 

So 
wbo 
needs the 
beach ... 

Contents 
Cover: In the never ending 
quest to find the answer to 
the question tlWhat is art?" 
Hiatus proposes the musical 
answer "How da va know if 
the roof leaks if it never 
rains?" 

Tom Serum . . . . . .. page 3 ' 
Noted philosopher, artist 

and day~tripper, Scrum'sprose 
delve into the never before 
looked at issue of male~female 
relationships. 

Arti8t in8i8ht . . .. . . page 3 
The Artist insight returns 

with performance artist David 
Keevil. His work features the 
soon~to~be~famous half 
gooselhalf man creature. 

Movie8 . . . . . . . . . . . . page 4 
The Brother from Another 

Planet lands in San Diego, but 
don't fear because he is one of 
those friendly extraterestrials. 

This Hiatus is dedicated to Jack Lord 

. Wben you've 
got 
lIiatus? 

Keep warm and dry, write for Hlablal 
Just when you thought it was saf~ ... We want you to 

come and be part of th~ exciting staff of lliatus. the 
best thing to hit campus since the TOs. If you have an 
IntertSt in lV, drama, art, mute, movies, books or 
anything vaguely related to arts or entertainment, 
corne by and say howdy. "0 experience ls necaury, 
but it helps if you can swim. call 452-3466 and uk for 
Andrew Keeler or Chris Young or stop by our luxurious 
omces southeast of the Revelle Provost, next to the 
Che cafe. 

2 Huuu. May 30, 1985 

SOLVE THIS PUIILE & WIN! 
The first letters of the words below spell out the name 
of a new Paramount movie, and the words themselves 
tell you a little something about the little boy (well, at 
least he looks like a little boy!) who the movie is all 
about. Fill in the definitions in tile blanks below. 

DDDD 
1.Facts or tl gu r~s trom which conclusions can ~ Int~rr~d; intormation . 

DDDDDDDDD 
2. What a psychiatrist might off~r his patl~nts; tlgurl ng things out. 

DDDDD 
3.A manlik~ m~chan lcal ~In!i an automation. 

DDDDD 
4.The opposite ot old age. 

DDDDDDDD 
S.A living thing; something that is shaped like II living th ing. 

D· D' D' D' O· ~:.--- ;& • • . , 
When you know the title of th~ movie, fill it in and 
bring this form to the UCSD Guardian Office and win a 
pair of free tickets to se~ it. Limited to the first 25 with 
the correct answer. 

-STARTS TOMORROW!.....---
PKIfIc·. CENTER Cinema 
1·8 at SladllJm Way 
MIssIon Vallev • 297·t888 

PICifIc·. LA JOLLA VI" ThNtrn 
8879 Villa UI Jolla Dr. • 453·7831 
(Nonh of UI .Jt-II~ Village Square) 

PKiflc'. SWEETWATER 6 
Town & Counlry Shopping Cenler 
1-805 al Sweetwater Ad •• 7. ·8571 

FRONTIER Drive-in 
3601 Midway Dr • 223·5535 

Mann SPORTS ARENA I 
3350 Spon, Alena Blvd • 223·5333 

PARKWAY Trf..Aex 
1286 FIeIcIIer Pkwy .. EI C*" • 4411·7800 

AIT FLOWER HILL Cinema 
Del Mar Race4,ack E.,t ~5 • 755·5511 

CASINO TheIItJw 
643 5th Ave., Downtown • 232-8878 
()pen Noon, ConIinuoua AI Nigh .. 

By TOM SeRUM 
Familiet: Babiea ' 

I may be 22, but I feel like I'm 17. 
How can people my age have 'kids? 
I'm still in school, have a parHime 
job at $4lhour, drink too much 
beer, smoke too much reefer and 
masturbate regularly. 

How is it that people my age are 
married and getting each other 
pregnant on purpose? 

My stomach was a bit queasy 
today. 

I had to ride back to school on the 
Greyhound. The nausea was part of a 
vague depression brought on by a 
remorseful hangover. I thought the 
bus driver was too stern when he 
told that Mexican woman with the 
two kids she'd have to sit them both 
on her lap or pay for another ticket. 

I didn't really feel like throwing 
up, but I played out the scene in my 

.' 

The comings and 
goings of mother 
head of how I'd have to stumble by 
the little boy in the aisle~seat while 
everyone stared at me lunging for the 
rest room. 

Rows of artichokes spun by like 
helicopter blades and I missed my 
brother, my sisters and Frances. 
Usually 1 don't miss Frances. I've 
trained myself not to. The last long 
distance relationship I was in ended 
with six months of stomach~urdling 
longing and begging; beating my 
head agail\4t a wall that was never 
going to love me again. Those pangs 
were back again. Once your body 

....... ' ~ .. 

gets used to a certain pain, it can 
recall it in an instant with the proper 
stimulus. 

.The waves on a calm ocean surface 
bob and sink like they don't know 
the difference between the two. The 
ocean absorbs the comings and 
goings like a great somber mother. 

Surface~Bumps trade places with the 
Great Depths so fluidly, so 

effortlessly, it's difficult to separate 
them. 

The little waves have no skin. 
I have always had a bad 

complexion. I've tried to think of my 
pimples as small parts of my physical 
body reaching out into the cosmos, 
but I usually 5quee%e these ambitious 
bumps as soon as I can get to a ' 
mirror. Everyone has their burden to 
carry; I just wear mine on my face. 

Although mOlt of the acne is gone 

tGoing in Circles" with a 
half man/half goose · 

David Keevil'. perfQlll\ance 
event next Wednesday at Sushi is the 
result of a sculptor who can .ing and 
dance. 

For years Keevil has sensed, in his 
work, the precarious line of 
potential movement never quite 
realized. He wanta movement to 
become a part of hit work. Keevil 
also feels the audience has been 
separated too long from art and the 
artist. With these two conaider~ 
ationa in mind, he turned to 
performance; a media within which 
he could incorporate his sculpturea, 
and the audience, into one work. 

Keevtl is collaborating with his 
brother, Christopher, a traditional . 
country dance caller, to create 
simultaneously a piece of art and 
entertainment. While Christopher 
calls the shots, David and several 
students will perform circle dances 
and songs centering around seven 
large sculptures. All audience 
members will be invited to dance the 
folk dances, becoming a part of the 
piece. 

The sculptures are the sometimes 

surreal, sometime. cynical, 
allegories for the progression of our 
livea through birth, life and death. 
David himself is symbolized by a half 
gooeelhalf man creature made of 
chiclten wire and hot glue: with a 
latex akin. The goose is a two--way 
symbol, of man's ability to fly In his 
head but not in his body, and of the 
tamed animal mentality created In 
children by their parents. This 
character progreuea through the 
circle dancea, interacting with the 
sculptures, each repreoentinl a 
different stage in the developing 
personal and social conaciousneu of 
an individual. 

. Keevtl describes his work as both 
enllghteniRil and fun and indeed, 
hand in hand with the serious themes 
of the sculptures is their whimsical 
appearance. "I like building things 
kind of dumb," he says. colt's like 
leaving a fingerprint on your work." 

"Going in Circles" will be 
perforft\ed one time only on 
Wednesday, June 5, at 8 pm. There 
will be a $5 adm~ion charge for 
non-members, $3 ror members. 

now, the scars have remained. Pock~ 
marked people are always depicted 
in the movies as being deranged and 
sinister. There's good reason for 
this: those who have spent their 
adolescence burdened with pimples 
get mean and angry at the world. 

I try not to wish I had smooth 
skin; my brain is boxed in a skull. 
Both of these casings have holes big 
enough for my mind to see, but too 
small for me to get out. 

When I hold Fran's naked body I 
want to somehow unzip her and 
crawl inside. My tongue can venture 
in her mouth and my cock can push a 
little bit inside her torso, but always 
I'm left out. 

We sleep like hermits under the 
covers. Then I go home. 

Through these sockets, through 
the tinted glass of the bus window, I 
look at the pitiful cows, ignorant of 
their fandes, who pass me by. 

I want to hold a warm baby in my 
belly. 1 want to be a warm baby in my 
belly. Soft bodily fluids would ooze 
inside and outside of my curled 
form, enveloped by my flesh, just 
like a wheel within a wheel. 

May 30, 1985 Hi4nM J 



Harlem's just another planet 
'Brother' is a 
witty new film 

By MARIE BOZZETTI 
John Sayles is one of America's 

most talented independent 
filmmakers, having been responsible 
for such films as Retum 0/ the 
Seacaucus Sa!en, Lianna and Baby It's 
Yau, the last major studio release. 
Now, he returns to the independent 
film in The Brother From Another 
Planet, which was written, edited and 
directed by Sayles. In the movie, he 
demonstrates a remarkable 
propensity for dialogue, as shrewd 
cultural observations abound in his 
brilliant script. 

The film begins when an alien 
black brother crash,lands onto Ellis 
Island. This extraterrestrial emigre 
leads the viewer on an adventurous 
journey through the never,never 
land of Harlem. The brother, 
portrayed engagingly by Joe Morton, 
is distinguished from the native 
inhabitants by his ignorance of social 
convention and his inability to 
speak. Furthermore, his power to 
heal wounds, rejuvenate limbs and 
magically repair video games validate 
his alien status. 

In Harlem the brother encounters 
a plethora of characters representing 
varied echelons of society. Black 
patrons at a neighborhood bar, 
employees of a video arcade, a 
rastafarian and a beautiful has,been 
nightclub singer are numbered 
among the variety of Harlemites he 
encounters. 

Reminiscent of Spielberg 's E. T., 

this extraterrestrial garners 
confidence and support from his 
earthly brothers and sisters. Using 
the brother as a catalyst, Sayles 
allows the characters to confide in 
him, permitting an intimate glimpse 
into their lives. Racial prejudice, 
social injustice and drug abuse are 
examined through the eyes of 
Morton's character. His ability to 
record the emotional impact of 
Harlem's daily life provides a vital 
component of the film. 

Why is this extraterrestrial 
brother wandering the streets of 
Harlem? The other worldy being is 

an escaped slave trying vainly to 
avoid the vigilantes sent to capture 
him. Humorously portrayed as 
black,clad mirror,images of 
themselves, the vigilantes slither 
through Harlem trying to track him 
down. Cornball movements coupled 
with a confused grasp of the English 
language compose an entertaining 
characterization of the evil force. 
When the bounty hunters order a 
drink at the neighborhood bar, they 
request beer on the rocks, while 
exhibiting bizarrely choreographed 
movements. This prompts an elderly 
patron to comment, "The (white 

Opening tonight as part of 
the Undergraduate Thea .. 
tre Festival is a presentation 
of eight plays performed and 
directed entirely by 
undergraduates. The plays are 
dividea into two groups with 
each group performing a total 
of three times during the 
festival. Group A includes 
The Real Inspector Hound, Tell 
Me Another Story, Sing Me A 
Song, The Light and Five is 
Dynamically Better than Six, 
and will be performed May 30 
and June 1 at 8 pm and June 2 
at 2 pm. Group B includes The 
Phone Call, The Phantom 
Dancer Play, Hillbilly Women 
and When Dinah Shore Rulted 
the Earth which will be 
presented May 31 and June 2 
at 8 pm and June 1 at _2 pm. 
When Dinah Shore Ruled the 
Earth wins best title hands 
down, so at least go find out 
what the world would be like. 
Admission is onI y 99¢ at the 
door. If you need more 
information, call 452~574. 

• * * 
Wednesday, the fifth of June, 

the evening film series at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art continues with the films of 
Chantel Akerman. Screening 
at 7:30 this particular eve is Je, 
T u, IL, Elk. This film, made in 
1974, was Akerman's first 
feature film , and deals with the 
tryanny of the everyday, and the 
process of sexual intimacy. Her 
short film, I'm hungry, I'm cold 
precedes the feature. For more 
information, call 454,0267. 

* * * 
Par for the course, the music 

department has a lot to offer this 

.. Hiatus May 30. 1985 

Goings on 
week. Tonight, there is a special 
Bass Master's Recital featuring 
Jim Witt who is quoted as 
offering us "music of the ages." 
The recital is free to the public 
and begins at B pm in the recital 
hall. 

• * • On June 3, the music 
department offers another 
Performance Forum for 
student performers atB pm in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. The 
event is free to the public. 

• * • On Tuesday night, Jimmy 
Cheatham and the UCSD Jazz 
Enaemblel offer an evening of 
music in the main Mandeville 
Auditorium. The show begins at 
8 pm and tickets are available at 
the door. 

• * * Wednesday, the UCSD 
Chamber Enlemblel offer 
music from different periods in a 
special performance. The event is 
also free and begins at B pm in the 
recital hall . 

• * * On Saturday, Ellen Sebu-
tian'. TELE Productions 
presents Minor Prophets at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. Described as "theatrical, 
environmental, lights and 
effects," Minor Prophets is a piece 
using the music of composer Tim 
White and examining the split of 
the eclectic spiritualism of a 
young white opera singer and the 
homespun spiritualism of an old 
black g06pel singer. Brought for 
the museum's Performance 
Paramaters series, TELE 
Productions consists of a 
collection of multi-media artists 
from the Bay Area united 

towards creating works designed 
to generate socio,political 
awareness. For more informa, 
tion, call 454,3541 . 

* * * 
Running now at the Reuben H. 

Fleet Space Theater for you 
spaced~ut trippers is ChronOl, 
the post Ko,aanisqatsi 
fantasmigorical film by Michael 
Stearns. Using much of the same 
type of time,lapse photography 
as the aforementioned, the film 
does feature the circular filming 
and projection like you find at 
Disneyland, guaranteeing an 
awesome time for everyone. For 
more information and show, 
times, call 23S, 1168. 

* • * 
On Wednesday, hot new item 

Howard Jonet will be appearing 
with Animotion at SDSU's 
Open Air Theatre. Tickets are 
$14.75 and $12.75 (wow) and 
vailable at Ticketmaster or by 
phone at 232,Q800. 

* * * 
If Jah is number one for you or 

you just like reggae music, then 
pop down to the La Paloma 
Theatre this Friday for the 
Meditationl . Tickets are 
available all over the place; call 
234,8462 for the nearest. If you 
prefer mod, soul and ska music, 
then you can jump on' your 
Vespa and head down to the 
Youth Council Benefit at the 
Christ Lutheran Church at 4761 
Cass St. in Pacific Beach to catch 
the mod blends of The Saintl, 
Manual Scan, and The Fan 
Club. The show begins at 9 pm, 
so get there early as tickets are 
only available the night of the 
show at the door. 
- Compiled by Roddy Borawa 

Caruso 

people) are getting stranger every 
day." 

The Brother From Another Planet is 
a refreshingly perceptive urban fairy 
tale, with Harlem as the 
contemporary land of Oz. It is a 
journey through the eccentric, once 
glorious, kingdom of Harlem. This 
film succeeds as an unconventional 
saga of city life. It reveals the best and 
worst of urban living. The brother is 
our guide, a modern Alice or 
Dorothy leading the viewer through 
the yellow brick road of American 
society-a Wonderland in 
transition. 

.JUST A l..ITTLf LlTTL[ OAIL 


