
Students sit in at Carreer 
Center in protest of spending 
for military recruitment. 

Please see page 7 

-Serum rage 
Ruggers return from 
Santa Cruz bruised, 
battered, and 2nd in 
league play. 

Page 4 

Saying 'no' 
to Uncle Sam 

• Student wages cut 
UC President David Gardner 
adopts a policy that could reduce 
wages by 25%. 

P ge 3 

-AS ELECTIONS 
Vote this Tuesday 
and Wednesday. 



2 Mon~, April 28, 1986 
NEWS 

Festival of India 
COOlOlences today 

The Festival of India will give 
students a rare opportunity to 
learn about Indian culture today 
and tommorrow on Urey Hall 
lawn beginning at 9:30 am and 
continuing through to 5:30 pm. 

The festival sponsored jointly 
by the UCSD Verdic Cultural 
Society and the Hare Krishna 
Movement, will have displays 
and exhibitions on 
reincarnation, Indian gourmet 
vegetarian cooking and Indian 
clothing and literature . 

Along with these displays 
there will be live entertainment 
and a free vegetarian meal. 

U.c. Radio to 
interview Gardner 

The University of California 
Radio Network (UCRN) has been 
granted an exclusive interview 
with David Gardner, the 
President of the University of 
California Regents, on 
Wednesdy, April 30, at 3 pm. It 
will be broadcast live from his 
offi ce in University Hall on the 
UC Berkeley campus, and will 
feature his answers to questiOns 
phoned in from the listening 
audience. 

The phone-in fonnat was 
chosen specifically to create the 
rare opportuniry for the general 
public to speak directly with 
Gardner. Since the program will 
be broadcast Simultaneously from 
all eight stations in the UC 
network, it will enable listeners 
statewide to voice their concerns 
to the head of the publicily 
funded universiry system. The 
toll-free number to caU is 1-800-
222-UCRN. 

The interview was announced 

BLOOM COUNTY 

ttItN. .. WtU 5r111?r 
EXCIIVIffIMJ 1fT 1H€ 
SImi VEltrf8KII. 

tU',j CiXlNT ~ (Yr.. . 
I 

at the most recent of the 
quarterly UCRN confences, held 
at KSDT, at UCSD. These 
representatives from each 
network station gathered for 
discussions and mrkshops. 
highlighted by those hosted by 
leading political campa ign 
managers and independent 
record label representative. 

Survival expert 
cautions about caOlping 

Dr. J. Alan Berkenfleld , 
outdoorsman and surgeon on 
staff of Scri pps Memorial 
Hospitals , will present a lecure 
entitled "Outdoor Survival" at the 
Well Being in University Towne 
Centre, April 30 at 7:30 pm. 

Berkenfleld will discuss 
necessary equipment for various 
types of wilderness outings, 
survival techniques, edible plants 
and use of first aid. / 

"Bei ng prepared for wilderness 
survival is extremely important 
for the outdoor enthusiast as well 
as the weekend camper," said 
Berkenfield . 

Berkenfield's lecture, co-
sponsored by the Trauma Center 
at Scripps Memorial Hospital in 
La Jolla , is free and open to the 
public. 

Scripps offers 
Catalina weekend 

A weekend excursion to 
explore the nature of Santa 
Catalina Island is being offered 
by the aquarium at UCSD's 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography on May 17-18, 
1986. 

The two-day adventure , led by 
naturalists of the Santa Catalina 
Island Conservancy and Scripps 
Aquarium , will explore the 
geography, geology and 

archaeology of the island . In 
addi tion . information will be 
given on plants and animals that 
inhabi t Santa Catalina. including 
wildflO\vers in bloom, tide-pool 
marine life and th e rare bald 
eagle. 

The excursion conSIsts of two 
days and one night in Catalina. 
COSt of the weekend includes 
overnight lodging, all meals, 
transportation on the island and 

'"interpretive services. 
Ad vance rese rvations are 

required for fee information or 
more details, call the Scripps 
Aquarium at 452-4578. Deadline 
for rese rvations is May 2. 

Gennans protest 
U.S. foreign policy 

BONN, WEST GE RMANY -
In one of the largest anti -
American demonstrati ons since 
1983, more that 30,000 West 
Gennans turned out April 19 to 
protest the United States' 
bombing of Libya. 

Approximately 10,000 
demonstra tors in the capital city 
of Bonn marched to the U.S. 
Embassy to condemn "U.S. state 
terrorism" and "Yankee 
imperialism." 

Although the demonstration 
focused mai nly on the u.s. 
attack against libya, there was 
an overwhelming emphaSiS 
against aggressive U.S. foreign 
policy, including U.S. support of 
the contras in Nicaragua and the 
U.S. buildup of nuclear a rms. 

More than 100 officers in riot 
gear escorted the march and 
blocked the entrance to the 
embassy. Speakers sharply 
criticized the United States' 
aggressive poliCies around the 
world and pledged that "War 
and violence would never agian 
come from Gennan soil." 

Several r rotestors called for 
the end 0 West Gennan 
particiaption in NATO and 
demanded that U.S. bases and 
missiles be removed from the 
country. Approximately 20 
Americans, carrying a sign 
reading "American agai nst 
imperialism," particapted in the 
demonstration . -Nonie Ganakis 

/(V~ .. 
ffTr:H Me 
/I "fJ(/&J~ . 

\ 

MIK5£ .. fftr:H 
71If: ~,;T 
II 'fiI{/p ~ .. 

/ 

Sixth annual UC Women's 
Conference held at Davis 
By CHERYL CARTWRIGHT 

Seven UCSD students attended the Sixth annual UC Women's 
Leadershio Conference at UC Davis , consisting of lectures, 
workshops, discussions on feminism , communication, rape 
prevention and leadership skills led by prominent women political 
leaders, corporate executives and professors . 

Campuses bid for the privilege of hosting the conference and 
in the past, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara , Berkeley and Irvine 
have been sponsors. UCSD attempted to bring the conference 
to San Diego this year but was unsuccessful. 

Conference Coordinawr Kathy Ury expressed frustration at 
the lack of financial support provided by the UC Associated 
Students executives. Although funding was badly needed , the 
Associated Students of UC Davis was the only council to 
financially support the conference. 

The conference began with a five-member panel which 
olTered personal definitions of "feminism" and addressed the 
question , "Why Am I a Feminist?" Rebecca Ferrini, a UC Davis 
junior, d iscussed "stereotypes as false descriptions" of feminists. 
"Women no longer want a piece of the pie, they want a new 
pie," she said . Likewise, another UC Davis female junior in 
Women's Studies feared "the internalization of negative media 
stereotyping of a feminist." 

"I am a person first , that is why I am a feminist; so, I am 
always a feminist, but a mother. etc . second," said Sara Cory, 
coordinator of Yolo County National Organization for Women. 
' One must be an activist to be a feminist." 

As a male, UC Davis' professor of Human Sexuality, Milton 
Hildebrand defined feminism for both females and males as "a 
need to Ret in touch." He hooed to see more women in 
government one day, stating that "androgeny can be bad stuff in 
government." In instituting this change , he said, "acculturation 
takes time to change, more so than laws." 

Women's self-esteem and perception were discussed by 
Robyn Bryan-Horrigan, a family therapiSt. She distingUished 
pride, productivity and pleasure as three conditions of self-
esteem which women often lack. 

"In the 1980s, the age of depression and low self-esteem in 
women comes from male domination in a sexist SOCiety, ye t 
one can develop confidence and self-esteem in this system," 
said Bryan-Horrigan. "Self-esteem is more than a desire, it is a 
need. It is necessary to cope with drastic change. Because low 
self-esteem makes us not act in our best interest, women need 
to learn to say, 'I can .... '" 

Bryan Horrigan explained that because of socialization, 
women tend to blame themselves for all confli ct. Advertisers 
capitalize on this self-dissatisfaction by encouraging 
consumerism to increase self-worth . Because of doubts, women 
try to "look good" through external factors such as chidren , 
spouses and homes. "Depression in women is often anger 
turned inward ," Bryan-Horrigan said. 

Susan Shimanoff, assistant professor in the UC Davis rhetoric 
department , compared the leadership communication panerns 
of men and women. ' Often men assume 'powerful' speech, 
while women use 'powerless' methods," she said . Instructing 
how to increase the effectiveness of their communication . 
Shimanoff urged women to "value their opinions and then 
express them." 

"Women resist the role of leader becau~ of fear: suggested 
Jan Stallman, management services officer for 24 years at UC 
Davis. In resolving this conflic t to succeed in top management, 
Stallman suggested that women develop a professional 
demeanor wh ich , she said did not necessarily mean adopting 
"male behavior.· 

Barbara Atk inson, director of the Lt. Governor's Task Force 
on the Fc.min ization of Poverty discussed the phenomenon of 
the "fe fT' nization of poverty" in which two of every three adults 
in pover y are women , one of three working women earn 
$7,000 per annum, and three quarters of all seniors in poverty 
are women. One third of women on welfare actually work, but 
do l>O in jobs which do not pay enough to meet their own and 
theil children's basic needs as defined by the Labor 
Der artment's poverty line. If this demographic trend continues, 
by he year 2000 , women and children will constitute 100 
per .ent of poverty, said Atkinson. 

" n the changing family strucrure, including a 97 percent 
increase in Single-headed households, job segmentation, unpaid 
child support, inadequate social security and pension for 
women and the fact that women live longer than men , 
perpetuate this phenomenon ," said Atkinson. Only 2.5 percent 
of all women earn over $25 ,000 a year, she added. 

Ed itor in Ch id 
Phil Wi\lon 

Adven.sing Manager 
Jan Hansen 

The UC~I) Gwrdl.1n n pubhsh~d MumJ .. ys iIIml Thursd .. ys dunng Ihc ,1\..lJcmn.. Yl'.r by ;!nd fl1r tht.I\.I(Jcnl~ ",r 
U(..5D ReprlldlJ ... , k>n -.>r USie ~lllh lS ncwsp.ipcr lAo'll hoJUI ptl m~Shm IS Slnl..l~ pr.mlblltrJ , II, ~.IIII rlghlS ll')('rv\'\J 
We lire no( rnponslbI,' 101 un~,utL'O m.lOu~npl oJr Itri 

VIeWS cxprbscel elo nul reprL'St'OI Ihe UpmlIJI1S ollhc UIII\'''·I''I!r. 01 (,IiII\Jlnld UI ,hl' MSl){IJleO 'll:udtnl 01 
UC,..SIJ ., he wArdldn s .. 't1l1vndls inc dctrfmlncd by Ihl' I dlMr In l lief MJnJglng lLlIIIII , '\.t'W) bJIIlM"$ ~nd .he 
Oplnluns LU IlOf 

Th., UCSD Guardian , B-016 u Jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 452·6580 Business: (619) 452·3466 

1 he vUJ,d ,an I> Iuc.,cd neXi '\l .he Che c..rt 

Cover photo by Dawn Mamikunian 

Monday, April 28, 1986 3 
NEWS 

Student wage cut policy upsets UCSA 
ByJOHN SHAW 

are affec ted by the current 
policy, and hence are in 
jeopardy of a drastic wage 
reduction , according UCSA. 

In 1981 , the UC systemwide 
administra tion decided to allow 
eac h campus administration the 

abili ty to determine wage ranges 
for th e Assistant Series. The 
policy used to determine the 
wage range is known as a "By-
agreement." T he potential 
employer and the campus 
employment agency work 

together to establish the pay of 
each specific job. The campus 
employment agency works on 
behalf of the student, but there is 
no student input in this process. 

At UCSD, the Part-Time 
Employment Office acts as the 

campus employme nt agency, and 
an academic department (e.g. the 
physics depa rtment) usuaUy acts 
as the potential employer for on-
campus job s. 

FollOWing the 1981 decision, 
Please tum to page 17 

STUDENT WAGES are in serious jeopard y of being cut, according to a student 
wage policy recently adopted by 
UC President David Gardner, 
which in effect gives the 
chancellor of each campus the 
authority to CNt student wages as 
he sees fit , a representative of 
the UC systemwide Associated 
Students organization (UCSA) 
said . AS rejects campaign spending 

By EMMA-LEE CAPRIO,staff Writer 

PROPOSED reductions in that you are allowed to spend campaign spending for the total amount that the AS will run-off elections funded give you money for ," Alexander 
by the Associated Students (AS) said . 
from $600 to $200 per slate and Candidates were not tOld of 
from $125 to $50 per possible reductions in campaign 
independent candidate, were funding when the elections 

commission infonned them of 
the run-off elections on April 
18th. Already. many of the 
candidates had spent more than 
the proposed reduced amount. 
"We cannot change the limit (of 
spending) because the elections 

commission said they wouldn't. 
If you do, you're going to get 
violations (filed)," Alexander 
said. 

The reduction proposal failed 
with a final vote of 1 in favor, 4 
against and 9 abstentions. ~ 

The potential wage cut would 
affect a large portion of all 
student employees, in particular 
those srudents classified in the 
Assistant I-IV Series. This series, 
which as of April 1985 employed 
approximately 11,500 UC 
students, was created in 1967 for 
the purpose of classifying jobs 
that have an "absence of 
continuing responsibility," 

The Assistant Series 
encompasses every student job 
that has assignments of a short 
duration and that requires the 
performance of elementary tasks. 
The series has four classes that 
va ry due to job difficulty, 
responsib iliry and pay range. 

rejected during the AS Council 
meeting Wednesday night. 

The proposal, designed to cap 
spending to AS specifications 
would prohibit students from 
campaigning on personal 
financing, Mary Rose Alexander, 
AS president, said. Without these 
limits, "anyone who cannot 

Judicial board denies request 
By EMMA-LEE CAPRIO, Staff Writer 

Currently, LicSD employs the 
use of the Assistant I and 
Assistant II classification. At this 
time, however, there are no 
students designated as working 
in an Assistant I position . 

As of April 1985, there were 
l,l50 UCSD students in this 
category. The majority of 
students in this category hold 
various clerical and food service 
pOSitions. All of these employees 

afford to spend more IS al a 
dIsadvantage because they can 
only spend the $50 that the AS 
gives them or the $200 that the 
AS gives (their slate) and they 
can't pay more ," Alexander sa id . 
However, if you are more 
fi nancially well of. you can 
(spend more). So if one 
candidate does , it putS another 
candidate at a disadvantage. 
We'd like to amend the elections 
bylaws to make the total amount 

J ELGER KALMIJN, student representative of the organization support group of 
the student cooperative 

uni on, filed a request fo r a 
temporary restraining order of 
the run-olT elections scheduled 
for April 29 and 30, with the AS 
Judiciary Board which decided 
unan imously to deny Kalmijn's 
request Friday night. 

"The electionS commission 
was completely incompetent in 
its managing of the elections and 
they (the commission) should 
not be allowed to run the second 
elections," Kalmijn said during 

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

financial Aid Deadline 

the summary hearing. "There are 
already signs that they are going 
to do the same thing with th is 
election ," he add ed. 

"There is a conspiracy against 
the students and the people 
running it. The leaving-off of 

' 1,300 people on th e list (of 
registered students) definitely 
affects certain parties more than 
others," Kalmijn said. "Up to 10 
percent of voters were 
disenfranchized," he stated . He 
called for the AS to form a 
committee to investigate this 
possible conspiracy. 

In a public notice of their 

decision, the Judiciary Board 
states, 'The petitioner did not 
successfully show Article I. , Sec. 
G, #3, parts a &: b (of ti1eAS 
bylaws)," which states, "The 
relative harm to be incurred by 
the petitioner if a temporary 
restraining order is not issued is 
greater than the relative harm to 
be suffered by the other parties if 
a temporary restraining order is 
issued." The fi nal vote to deny 
the petitioner'S request was five 
in favor and none opposed. 

The ASUCSD elections will be 
held as scheduled April 29 and 
30. ~ 

1986-87: 
ItIAy I, 1986 

This Is a reminder to all who want to be considered 
for ftnancial aid for 1986-1987. Tbe deadline to 
complete your flnandaJ aid file to be considered 
for aid for aU three quarters of 1986-198715 Play 
1, 1986. It Is your responsibility to know the 
required documents and submit them by this 
deaUne. If your file Is completed after May}, you will 
be considered for winter and spring quarter financial 
aid only. Depending on the availablity of funds, late 
applicants may not be fully funded. 

Now taking applications for directors and 
statt members of women's, federal and 
municipal desks. Lobby, inform and 
educate congressmen. legislators and local 
officials on behaH of UC and UCSD at the 
Capitol or locally, Internships/credit! stipend 
available, Flexible hours, 

Student financial Services strongly urges you to 
complete your ftle as soon as possible to be 
considered for fall quarter aid, thereby avoiding the 
Inevitable last minute rush. 

DO IT NOW! 

CAI,I, NOWI 
Leave name and phone II 

for ERIC WEISS x4450, 

"Well don't just stand there -
negmlalwl" 

--~- - - ~ - - ---~- ------



... Monday, f.pnl 2B, 1986 

Examining dependence on the establishment 
The issue is the proper use of student funds . This week's anti-war rallies and 

sit-ins have brought up questions about the appropriate allocation of money, 
entrusted to the university, raised by and for students. And we have begun to 
wonder why and under what terms we financially-support adminstrations, 
institutions , and legal systems. We have covertly questioned inconsitencies 
between two moral obligations in which we have all believed: the right to free 
speech and the right to determine the use of property. 

remember that this nation's military is commanded by a democratic civilian 
government, and an informed public is capable of changing the current 
agressive military trend we've experienced under President Reagan. Our 
advenisements are under constant review by the Guanlian editorial staff and 
we will, as we have in the past, deny ads we feel are false, misleading or 
obscene. 

Last spring, the Associated Students disapproved of the use of student fees 
to fund recruitment by government agenCies which have demonstrated 
diSCriminatory, socially destructive policies (i.e . the military, CIA, FBI, INS, 
etc .). Nevertheless, the administration continues to assist these agencies 
through a center funded by student registration fees , because , as Joe Watson 
said , "We allow recruitment by the Peace Corps ... and referenda are adviSOry 
(to the administration)." We support the Associated Students efforts to 
overcome stubborn administrators on points of moral importance. It is a very 
difficult, but important action to work within a system that advocates poliCies 
which are founded in destructive thinking. 

Advertisments do not reflect the editorial opinions of this newpaper but do 
serve as an essential forum for those not fortunate enough to publish their 
own . Freedom of speech is the cornerstone of a continually evolving nation 
and cannot be subjected to political boundaries. 

Riley for President 
The Guardian endonies the Jollowing tundidates Jor office in the upcoming elections. 
PRESIDENT ........... .. .... .... .. .... ... ... , .... ....... .... .. .... .. ... ... ... .. ...................... ...... ................. .. .. ... .John Riley 

Some concerned students have questioned members of the Guardian editorial 
staff about the advertisements we run for the military. We apparently 

VICE PRESIDENT ADMINISTRATIVE ............. ... ... ................................................. Carlotta Ponds 
VICE PRESIDENT OF EXTERNAL AFFAIRS .... .. ..... ... .. .................... .... ........ .... ...... ... .. Eric Weiss 

contradict ourselves because we denounce the policies of the military 
establishment. yet we provide them with an opportunity to recruit students 
through our newspaper. We do not support the military establishment, but, at 
this time , in order to continue publishing with editorial independence, we 
require the financial support our military account affords us. Running military 
ads is the lesser of two evils for us. Ceasing publication would mean our voice 
against destructive poliCies of all kinds would be silenced . It is important to 

VICE PRESIDENT ANANCIAL .... ... .... .. ... ... .. .... ... .... ... .. ................................. ......... ... .. .... Pam West 
COMMISSIONER OF PROGRAMMING ....... .... ........ ... .... ... ... .. ........ , ..... , ................. joel Schachne 
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS COMMISSIONER .. .. ............................. .. ....................... Michelle Hopkins 
COMMISSIONER OF OPERATIONS/SERVICES &: ENTERPRISES ................ Dave Marchick 

The Guardian endorses no candidate for the position of Commissioner of Public Relations. 
Commissioner of Communications, or Commissioner of the Uniwrsity Center Board. 

lUTmsluTmsluTfASluTfAslfnmsluTmslHTmslfnmsluTmsluTms 
Faulty principles 

Editor: 
Eight months after the 

University of California Board of 
Regents voted to set up the 
University Advisory Committee 
for Invester Responsibility 
(UACIR), they finally voted to 
divest $12 million of stock in 
Eaton Corporation. At this rate, 
the University will be fully 
divested by the year 2136. This 
is unacceptable to the students, 
staff and faculty who have 
conti nually called for full 
divestment. 

On june 2l . 1985, the UACIR 
was created by the Board of 
Regents and charged with 
evaluating "good corporate 
citizenship" based on the 
Sullivan Principles. These 
principles caU for nonsegregation 
of work facilities, equal and fair 
employment practices, equal pay 
for equal work, training programs 
for Blacks, increasing Black 
representation in management 
and supervisory roles and 
improving the quality of life 
outside the workplace. 

The SuUivan Princirles are 
inadequate for severa reasons. 
American fi rms are 
disproportionately located in 
high-tech industries, which tend 
to be capital intensive and rely 
on skilled (white) labor force. 
These corporations employ 
apprOXimately .04 percent of 
Blacks in South Africa. Thus, the 
vast majority of Blacks are 
unaffected by these principles. 

American corporations use the 
Sullivan Principles to rationalize 
their presence in South Africa 
and their aUiance with the 
Pretoria regime. The Sullivan 
Principles do not challenge the 
political institution of apartheid 
in any meaningful way. They do 
nO! address the pass laws, the 
influx (Black mobility control) 
laws, police brutality, Black 
sufferage, or the policy of 
"separate <ievelopment." 

Tax payments to the South 
African government by American 
firms far exceed any benefits that 
South African Blacks receive from 
these "good corporate citizens." 
In 1978, the U.S. Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee concluded 
that "the net effect of American 
investments in South Africa has 
been to strengthen the economic 
and milita.ry self-sufficiency of 
South Africa." Elizabeth Schmidt, 
a prominent anti-apartheid 
activist, noted, "U.S. companies 
literally grease the wheels of the 
apartheid machine. It is the 
model Sullivan signatories (i.e . 
IBM, Mobil, Exxon, Hewlen-
Packard, Ford, General 
Motors) . .. that are bolstering the 
most strategic sectors of the 
economy. Furthermore, Bishop 
Desmond Tutu has stated that 
the Sullivan'Principles are not 
effective and are used by U.S. 
Hrrns to deflect criticism of their 
presence in South Africa. 

The presence of a 
multinational corporation in a 
foreign country is contingent 
upon its adherence to the laws 
of the host country. In South 
Africa, the National Key Points 
Act requires aU companies in all 
"key" industries to cooperate 
with the South African Defense 
Forces during an "uncontrollable 
civil crisis." Thus, South African-
based U.S. companies must 
actively defend white supremacy 
in the event of such a "crisis." 

One of the strongest 
arguments against the Sullivan 
Principles comes from Black 
South Africans, those whom 
Reagan and Botha claim would 
be most hurt by sanctions. On 
April 2, 1986, Bishop Desmond 
Tutu called for the immediate 
imposition of economic 
sanctions against South Africa. In 
dol ng so, he joined a large Ii st of 
organizations that have 
repeatedly called for economic 
sanctions, including the African 
National Congress,the Pan 
Africanist Congress, the Azanian 
People's Organization, and the 
Congress of South African Trade 

Unions. 
Additionally, polls taken by the 

London Times and Prof. Mark 
Orkin of Witwatersand 
University in South Africa 
confirm that over 70 percent of 
urban Blacks support economic 
sanctions against their 
government. 

The UC Board of Regents 
must realize that students, faculty 
and staff will be not be 
appeased. Piecemeal efforts 
cannot hide the fact that the 
Regents, through their 
investment poliCY, continue to 
ally themselves with the racist 
government of South Africa. We 
all have a moral obligation to 
continue and escalate the 
struggle for full divestment. 
Frances Hasso 
UCLA polldcal science. 
Jeff Oilman 
UCLA communlcadon studlts 6-
psychology 

Oddly anti-semitic 

Editor. 
Well, I've passed twO quarters 

unscathed this year, and so 
naturally I am wondering when it 
will be my tum to be anacked 
upon your pages and thus 
deemed anti-semitic. You must 
understand the reason for my 
concern. You see, mathematically 
the odds are closing since the 
Guardian is published roughly 60 
times a year. This inevitable wait 
for public scorn isn't easy. So. 
let's get to it. 

Paul Miller 

Questioning the truth 
Editor: 

It is rather ironic that an 
anicle titled "Differentiating 
evidence and truth" in the April 
10 Guardian , should lead off a 
page filled with so much 
misinformation and misguided 
thought 

Contributing Editor Kathy 

Beckett suggests that the Reagan 
Administration has been using 
the Libyan situation as a ploy to 
"(deflect) attention from the 
faltering economy ... ." What 
faltering economy? The economy 
is doing great! Productivity is up. 
Employment is up and rising. 
Interest rates are falling. Inflation 
has been halted. If anything, it is 
the Liberals who must be glad to 
have foreign policy draw 
attention away from the 
adminsitration's economic 
successes. While the deficit is 
enormous, its size has remained 
relatively constant if viewed as a 
percentage of G.N.P. Besides, a 
congress-controlled by 
Democrats, which consistently 
spends more on social programs 
then defense, is at least equally 
responsible for the government's 
overspending. 

Ms. Becken questions the 
verity of the administration'S 
linkage of Libya with the recent 
bombing in West Berlin, stating 
that it "serves an especially useful 
function: the allignment of Libya 
with the 'Red Menace.' " Why 
would the United States have to 
lie to link Libya with the Soviets? 
It seems like millions of dollars 
of military aid , Soviet advisers 
and equipment (such as the ill-
fated SAM banery at Sirte) should 
have already established this 
link. 

President Reagan has never 
said that communism is the root 
of aU evil, nor Kadafi the source 
of aU terrorism - just a healthy 
chunk of it. No one In the 
administration has suggested that 
neutralizing Kadafi will stOP all 
terrorism, but it would at least 
eliminate the terrorism Libya 
sponsors and might discourage 
other states, like Syria, who also 
support terrorist activities. 

Ms. Beckett qutstions the 
administration's truthfulness in 
connecting Libya to recent 
terrorist acts. Why does she 
prefer to believe Kadafi's denials? 
Or, why does she doubt Kadafi 
when on January 15 of this year 
he said that Libya would train, 

arm and protect Arab guerillas 
for "suicide and terrorist" 
missions? Why would she 
believe a man who applauds the 
murder of l1-year-old girls as a 
"heroic act," instead of President 
Reagan? Intelligence information 
regarding terrorist activity is 
dangerous to obtain and sources 
must be protected. If anyone 
expects action videos of 
terrorists, clearly showing their "I 
Love Moammar" buttons, no 
evidence will ever be sufficient. 
In fact, a criticism of the Reagan 
Administration could be made 
that the requirements for 
retaliation against terrorists are 
so unrealistically stringent that 
they will never occur. 

The accompanying piece by 
Peter Que rci a , "Invincible 
bravado," is not without its own 
misleading statements (although I 
am grateful that it is without the 
now tiresome "Rambo" clich~). 
Referring to U.S. sanctions 
against Libya, Quercia writes: 
"Yet to date, not one solitary 
nation has chosen to participate 
in the scheme." What about 
Norway, which agreed to the U.S. 
sanctions? Italy banned weapons 
sales to Libya. Canada ceased all 
aid to Canadian businesses in 
Libya and refuses to insure new 
ones. Australia joined the trade 
boycon. France, West Germany, 
Britain and Italy all agreed to 
prevent their workers from 
replacing d~arting Americans. 
This is hardly the picture of 
American isolation that Mr. 
Quercia paints. 

The United States has tried 
diplomacy, but Libya refuses to 
conform to international norms. 
The United StateS tried non-
military pressure through 
economic sanctions; still, Libya 
continuts to sponsor terrorism. 
The United States has tried 
warning and threats, but to no 
avail. It is time for action. The 
United States should retaliate 
with attacks on Libya for Libyan 
sponsored attacks on Arpericans. 

Christopher M. Schnaubelt 

Off-target: Israeli-
S. African relations 
By DR. GERALD STEINBERG 

Despite malicious attempts to 
demonstrate close relations 
berween Israel and the South 
African regime, the facts point in 
the oppOSite direction . It is the 
Arab oil suppliers, rather than 
Israel, who have propped-up 
apartheid . Except for 
propagandists, for whom facts 
are merely a nuisance, tlris 
relationship and its implications 
are gradually becoming bener 
appreciated. 

In realiry, Israel and South 
Africa have generally had cool 
relations. During the 19505 and 
early 60s, Israel established close 
relations with Black Africa. The 
leaders of the jewish state saw 
themselves as part of what was 
then called the "emerging world", 
and were anxious to make Israeli 
experience in economic and 
political development available to 
other newly independent states. 
Africa was of particular 
importance, for while Israel's 
immediate Arab neighbors were 
inaccessible, Africa was relatively 
close and provided opportunities 
for economic and political 
interaction. Israel assisted in the 
construction of dams, office 
buildings and housing 
developments, organized labor 
unions, youth groups and welfare 
systems. Despite very scarce 
resources, Israel managed to 
send over 2,000 skilled 
technicians to Africa between 
1958 and 1970 and 9,000 
Africans received training in 
Israel. 

While Pretoria made several 
efforts to improve relations with 
jerusalem, Israelis were repelled 
by Afrikaner racial views and 
remembered strong Afrikaner 
support of Hitler. Contacts were 
limited and efforts by South 
Africa to obtain weapons and 
military know-how from Israel 
were rejected. Despite fears"'"of 
adverse impacts on the large 
jewish community in South 
Africa and on the flow of funds 
and immigrants from that 
community, Israel voted for anti-
apartheid resolutions in the UN. 
In 1966, Israel supported the UN 
effort to remove the South 
African mandate for Namibia and 
in 1971, Israel offered assistance 
to the African Liberation 
Committee of the Organization 
of African Unity. In response, 
South Africa charged that Israel 
was supporting "terrorist 
activity." 

In the 19705, however, Israeli 
relations with Black Africa 
became strained. Israeli offers of 
assistance were rejected due to 
the growing influence of the Arab 
states in Africa and the Third 
World in general. In 1973, in the 
wake of the oil boycon and price 
rise fallowing the Yom Kippur 
War, 29 of 33 African states 
severed diplomatic relations with 
Israel. In addition to economic 
pressure, the Arat; states 
promised to support anti-
apartheid efforts in exchange for 
African support against Israel. 

After the infamous 1975 

de"claration equating "Zionism 
with racism," for which many 
Black African countries voted , 
Israel began to absent itself from 
anti-apartheid votes in the UN. 
Israeli-South African relations 
also improved somewhat. In 
1974, Jerusalem appointed its 
first ambassador to Pretoria, 
although the ambassador 
continued to denounce 
apartheid . 

Since then Israel's military and 
economic ties to South Africa 
have been grossly exaggerated. 
Israeli arms sales to the 
apartheid regime have been 
miniscule in comparison to the 
arms provided by France, Britain 
and other West European 
govemments. The charge that 
Israel has assisted South Africa in 
developing nuclear weapons is 
entirely unsubstantiated. Instead, 
the evidence indicates that South 
Africa has received the most help 
from West Germany, France and 
the United States. As Professor 

Michael Curtis has written, 
"Israel and South Africa are not 
allies, and no 'entente cordiale' 
exists between them ." 

In the past few years , there 
have been a number of 
indications that the 
"arrangement" between Black 
African states and the Arabs is 
breaking down. Kenya, Nigeria 
and many other ocuntries have 
maintained extensive links with 
Israel throughout this period, 
and these links are again 
becoming open and are growing 
in scope. Opponets of apartheid 
have also realized that anempts 
to link South African racism to 
Zionism divert attention from the 
real issue and sully the cause. In 
the past few years, the leaders of 
the anti-apartheid movement in 
the UN and other international 
organizations have rejected Arab 
effortS to insert condemnations 
of Zionism and Israeli policy into 
the debates on South Africa. 
More importantly, some Black 

Monday, April 2B, 1986 5 
OPINIONS 

South Africans active in the 
struggle against the Pretoria 
regime have also begun to see 
through the propaganda. For the 
first time in twO decades, a 
group of Black South African 
activists arrived in Israel for 
worksho~s in aspects of ~ocial 
orgamzatlon and economic 
development. Many now 
understand that the Israel 
struggle for survival against a 
racist enemy is similar to the 
struggle of Black South Africans 
against apartheid. There is good 
reason to believe that the well-
financed propaganda campaign 
linking Zionism to apartheid and 
Israel to South Africa has passed 
its zenith , despite effoltS by 
Israel's enemies to perperua te the 
myth . 

... * ... 

Dr Steinbert is a visiring Assistant 
Professor of Political Scirnce at 
UCSD and a membtr of the faculty 
of Hebrew University in Jmualem. 

STING ME.l W.LL YoU? 
I'LL SHOW YoU WtlO'S 
BoSS ARoUND HE.RE! 

The lOladda-' 
Summer Fall Spring 

WASHINGTON 
OR LONDON 

INTERNSHIPS 
OXFORD 

Full Academic Years In 
• Oxford University 

SUMMER 
1988 

• London School of Economics 
• St. Andrews, Scotland 

U.s. credits will be transferred through Hampden-Sydney College. 
founded In V1fV1n1a by James Madison In 1776. Graduate work Is an option. 
The Director of Studies for the Center for Ouallty Education Abroad (in 

Brttain) Is the RI. Hon. The Lord Beloit, D,Lm. (Oxon.), Fellow 
of the BrItIIh Academy, Profeaaor Emeritus of Government and Fellow of 

All Souls, Oxford. 
INQUIRIES TO: JANET KOLLEK, J.D .• Admiaaiona Director 

COEA/WlSC, Rm 53, 158 W. 81 St., NY. NY, 10024. 
(212-724-08041724-0138). 

(EO/AA) 

The world 
• • • 

ISwaI 



6 Monday, Apnl 28, 198b 

-

ELECTIONS '86 III ••• 
WHAT HAPPENED? 

- The results of the elections of April 7 - 8 have been 
declared invlaid. 

-WHY? 
- The elections commission decided that a Significantly 
large number of students were disenfranchised because 
their registration forms had not yet been processed by the 
Cash ier' s Office. 

- WHAT HAPPENS NOW? 
- New elections have been scheduled for Tu .. day and 
Wedn .. day, April 29 - 30, 1986. The ballot will not be 
changed; the order of the candidates and referenda 
remain unchanged. 

- HAS ANYTHING CHANGED? 
- YESII There will be only one polling place - the Gym 

. 

steps. The polls are open Tuesdayfrom 8:30 am - 7:00 pm, 
and Wednesday from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm. 

VOTE IN THE 1986 
ELECTIONS! 

TIME: Tuesday, April 29 8:30am - 7 pm 
Wednesday, April 30 8:30 am - 4 pm 

PLACE: The Gym steps 

UCSD sit-in protests war 
By DANIEL THOMAS, Staff Writer 

FOllOWING a rally last planted wooden crosses in the Thursday in protest of U.S. lawn in front of the building. foreign The protestors moved into the 
policy in Central America , South lobby of the career center, where 
Africa and Libya , more than )0 they sat-in until evicted by 
students marched to the UCSD campus police shortly after the 
Career Services Center. building closed at 4:)0. 

The students demanded an Twenty students remained in 
end to the use of UC student the building after it was closed 
fees for militaty recruitment and they were either escorted or 
purposes, including FBI, CIA and dragged out, passively resisteing 
INS (Immigration and Chief of Police John Anderson's 
Naruralization Service). To orders to vacate the building or 
symbolize victims of U.S. to face arrest and charges of 
intervention , the demonstrators trespassing. The group claimed 

this action was necessary 
because of the continued use of 
student fees for military 
recruitment, even after the 
passage of referenda (Spring 
1985) specifically banning such 
use of student fees . 

Before the sit-in began, Monte 
Rosen, a spokesperson for the 
protestors, enumerated the 
group's demands: 1) no student 
fees shall be used for 
recruitment; 2) Regents must 
divest from South Africa; 3) 

Please tum to page 17 

Irs THE COOLEST HEAT YOU'LL EVER FEEL. 

ITS BEI..OJV MIAMI. ANDABOVE THE LAW 
Fl"JWv\OUNT PICTURES PRESl:NTS 

A HAYWARD/HIll PROOUCTlON BU..E CITY · JUOO NELSON ALlY SHEErtY 
EXECUTM PRODUCERS ROBERT KEi'l'<ER ANDANTHONY JONES 

SCREENPlAY BY WKAS HELlER &IX/A.lJER HIll BAS£DON THE NOJEL BY .... 
ROSS w(DONAlD PRODUCED BY WUlAM HAYWARDANDWAlTfR ru :".~i Jlf-:::::;.Z--: DlRECTEDBYMlCHELlEMAI'NNG ~~.2....~E !,:,! 

OPENS FRIDAY, MAY 2ND 
AT A THEATER NEAR YOU 

The f.arl Warren Memorial Symposium. 
UCSD ~nslon, and the American Civil Uberties Union 

present the Dewitt Higgs Lecture 

REDEFINING THE CRIME DEBATE: 
THE LIMITS OF LAW ENFORCEMENT 
featuring Ira Ola.r, executive director of the American Civil Uberties 
Union. Mr. Ola.r's dedication to Issues concerning the rights of 
Individuals, the law and Uberty, has been consistent throughout his 
diverse career. His background Includes teaching science and 
mathematics at Sarah Lawrence College and Queens College, working 
as editor for CUnent Magazine, and serving on the graduate faculty In 
sociology and philosophy at the New School for Social Research in New 
York City. Mr. OIasser has also written dozens of articles for newspapers 
such as The Washington Post the New York Times, and the Los 
Angeles Times. He has also published his work in The Nation, The New 
Republic, and l1arper's. This free public lecture will be held in Room 
108, Peterson HaJl. Third College Campus, friday, May 2, at 8 pm. for 
more Information , please call 452-4350. 

Monday, April 28, 1986 7 
NEWS 

Police officers haul away protestor Monte Rosen. 

It's a jungle out there. 

Resumes, interviews, experience, decisions-it's 
enough 10 scare the bnvest job hunter. 

But , as a Thomas coUege temp, you'U work for 
the best companies in California. In more than 100 
positions-office, finanCial , marketing, sales, light 
industrial , data processing. 

You 'U get good money- and pay no fees . Work 
as much or as Iilll~ as you want. And get firsthand 
job experience. So when you're ready to bag the 
Big One, you won 't have 
to beat the bushes. 

Think of us as 
jungle guides this 
summer. 
caU today. 

Glt/ing B ... inns'" H_ 

27 convenient Califomi:Ilocations. 

Attention 
Juniors & 
Seniors 

EOE- MIF 

If you are a math. engineering, chemistry or 
physic. major with a 3.0 GPA you may be eligible 
for a $1200.00 a month scholarship! 
Navy Offiter representatives will be on campus April 
22, 29 and 30 from lOam to 2pm to interview for 
Engineering Scholarship Programs. 
Appointments can be made at the campus Career 
Planning and Placement Office, or call us at 1-800~222~ 
6289. 

Navy Officer 
Lead the Adventure 



, 

t , I I', " ,; I' 

8 Monday, April 28, 1986 

.4cademlc iervlcei 
MONDAY-PR'DAY 
• 100 ..... 41. pm - OASIS ~iting Center 
offers free Service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help. conferences on drafts 
iI1d editing advice, We engage any kind of 
writing and any kind of writing problem, 
Conferences are ~ apjX>lntment only, 
Evening apjX>intments are also ~ailable in 
OASIS Third Place at Third College. and 
Warren Apartments, (For the full ril1ge of 
services see the back of the current dass 
schedule), call 452-2284 or come by USB 
4010 to make iI1 appointment. This service is 
a available throughout the quarter. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Writing Center. 
MONDAy-tHURSDAY 
8100 ..... 1,. pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A hotJine phone-in service for help 
with diaion, gramrna' and punauation 
problems, To reach Grammmar Moses, call 
452-2284. Sponsored by OA.SIS Writing 
Center, Service ~allable tlYoughout the 
quarter. 
10100 ... 7100 pm - Need a tuta 7 Free 
nJtoring in math, p/¥ia, biolog,.-, chemistry, 
economics, statistics iI1d computer science. 
Tutoring is on a crop-in basis at OASIS 
Lklderground. HL 1254. Mon.-Thurs, lOa~7 
pm and Fri. 10 ~I pm. Tutoring also 
available at Muir Dorms, Tenaya 202; Third 
Place, 120 Third Commons; and Warren 
Academic Support Center, Warren Apts., 
Bldg. 2, Apt. 2110, For further information, 
call 452-2280. 
MONDAY 
I ZIOO- I 110 pm - The Sctlolars' Writing 
IXtbrkshop meets ~ery Monday iI1d Tuesday 
at Student Center B South Conference Room. 
This quarter's topic is "The Long Term Paper." 
Students ~ also work on two computer 
terminals located in the OASIS main office by 
appointment. Call x2284 and ask for either 
Farrell Foremil1 or Denn~d Clendenin. 
4100 pm - You are invited to a TEP 196 
Teaching/Leaming seminar. Guest speaker: 
Dr. Paul Saltman, Professor. Biology. He will 
speak on the topic of what qualitis enhance 
teaching/leaming. Room location: USB 3010. 
Sponsored by OASIS. 
"'ESDAY 
IZIOO-II.0 pm - The Sctlolars' Writing 
Workshop meets ~ery Monday iI1d Tuesday 
at Student Center B South Conference Room. 
ll'lis quarter's topic is "The Long Term Paper." 
Students ~ also work on two computer 
terminals located in the OASIS main office by 
appointment. Call x2284 and ask for either 
Farrell Foreman or Den~d Clendenin. 
7100 pm - You are invited to a free 
workshop on Textbook Reading for the 
Sodal ScIences. Location: W~ren Apts. 
Commons Conf. Rm. Sponsored by OASIS 
Reading and Stu~ Skills Center. 
W.DNISDAY 

'IOO-~IOO pm - The LangJage Program 
Level I - This OASIS program focuses on the 
thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading iI1d writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those who want to perfKt their English 

langJage skills. LP classes ~e taught by 
reading and writing Specialists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Cnter. In USB 
4010. 
IHURSDAY 
10100 .... - The OA.SIS GM (Gramm~ & 
MechaniaO Workshop is designed for 
students whose lirst language is not English 
and who would like to work on darlfying 
basic grammatical concepts and 4>plying 
them in extensive, systematic series of 
practical exerdses. An exerdse manual will 
be used. All work will be completed in the 
context of the workshop, In USB 4010. 
7100 pm - Workshop : Textbook Reading 
for Sodal ScIences. Location: Muir Dorms. 
110ga Hall 1102 Sponsored by OASIS Reading 

iI1d Stu~ Skills Center-. 
PRIDAY 
9100 .... - Workshop: Textbook Reading 
for Sodal Sciences. Location : HL 1058 Conf. 
Rm. Sponsored by OASIS Reading <TId Stu~ 
Skills Center. 

l?ellulvUi f'unctlvni 
TUDDAY-FRIDAY 
5100 pm - catholic Mass. Sponsored t7t the 
catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Lkliversity llJtheril1 Church, 9595 !AI Jolla 
Shores Dr. 
MONDAY 
7100 pm - Asi... American Christian 
Fellowship. Come join us as we continue our 
2-part ser-Ies on "an effeclive bo~ life." Even 

he Weekly Jlh()ws by ()avld ~ewell 

thoug, last week we took a personality 
assessment test, it's not too late to join us in 
finding about how we can serve Him more 
effectlveo/. We're meeting In the ~Ie 
Informal Lounge, 
7100 pm - campus Crusade for Christ -
Take a break from your studies a1djoin us for 
fun, fellowship a1d Bible Stu~. In BH 2105. 

TUaD"Y 
7rH pm - Tuesday Night Discussion 
Group. Uberatlon theologyl WI¥ are people 
saying those awful thingsl Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
Lkliversity llJther ... Church. 

MDNBDAY 
.100 pm - Supper open to all students 
hosted by the Luther ... s at UCSO. At the 
Lkllversity llJtheril1 Church "ust across the 
street from Revelle College. 
7100 pm - Bible Stu~ - Fellowstip has 
been reonlened. Come celebrate God's 
word At the catholic LDunge of the 
Lkllverslty Luther iI1 Church. across the street 
from Revelle College. 
7100 pm - Bible Stu~ led by the Luther<TI 
student group. Everyone Is welcome. At 
lklIversity Luther ... Church. across the street 
from /reveIle College. 
7115 pm - LeiNe from Lkliverslty Luther<TI 
Church to hear Dr. Robert McAfee BroWn 
speak at La Jo"a Presbyteri<TI Church: 
"Coming to Terms with Disaster - A stu~ of 
PSalm 137 iI1d Isaiah 61 :1-4." 
8100 pm - Almstrlp on "History of the 
Lutheran Confessions." presented by 
Chaplain Herbert Albrecht as a continuation 
of the "DisCDVerlng Our Spiritual Roots" 
seminar. At Lkliversity Luther<TI Church 
across the street from Revelle College. 
10100 pm - candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
t7t the catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
ch4>eI of Uliversity llJtheril1 Churdl. 

IHURSDAY 
- Lkllted campus Ministry meets regul~ 

for Bible Studies, for information call the 
office at x2521. Recreational events are 
pla"med as well for students interested In 
Christlil1 ~Iowship. In the Sun House in La 
"-'"a comer of fads & Kline. 
IZIM pm - "Nicaragua: Pros and 
Contras. " Robert McAfee Brown 
outstanding theologian and author. 
Discussion only - no d1arge. or S5 for 
luncheon (p.7f at the doorl . In the South 
Dining Room. 

~.oo.4100 pm - A talk on religion and the 
rt!5jX)nslbility of dissent - Nicaragua or i1ITy 
other topic by Robert McAfee Brown. In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
71JO pm - Is the war between sdence and 
religion CNer7 llJda Hall, biochemist and 

prominent humanist will examine whether 
the conflla between sdence and religion can 
~er be resolved. Sponsored by Rationalists at 
UCSO. In P&L 1117. 
.100 pm - Burke Lectureship Ser-ies. Robert 
McAfee Brown, Professor of Theology iI1d 
Ethia discusses " Religion <TId the role of 
Dissent." In PH, Third College. 
PR'DAY 
7100 pm -Chi Alpha Christiil1 Fellowship 
will be meeting, In the Revelle Formal 
lDunge. 
SUNDAY 
1100 • 10100 .... - Sunday Eucharist. 
Episcopal Worship Service. In the Good 

Sam~it ... Episcopal Churdl - Eastgate Mall 
& Genesee. 
8IJO .... - catholic Mass. Sponsored t7t the 
Catholic Comrrunity at UCSO. In Ullversity 
llJtheran Church. 
10100 .... - Worship at Lkllversity Lutheril1 
Church ~aturing the UCSO Choir, directed 
by "-'hn Lauer. Located across the street from 
Revelle College. 
10110 .... - catholic Mass. Sponsored t7t 
the catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
lDwer Level Conf. Rm., Student Center- Bldg. 
B. 
11.,5 .... - "International Impressions of 
America" by a pil1e1 of foreign students. At 
Uliversity llJtheril1 Church, across the street 
from Revelle College. 
51OO'pm - catholic Mass. Sponsored t7t the 
Catholic Convnunity at UCSD. In the 
Uliversity llJtheril1 Churdl. 
7100 pm - Evening Worship service led t7t 
Pastor ..bm Huber. At Ullversi1y Luther ... 
Churdl. across the street from Revelle 
College. 
7100 pm - Folk mass with personal witness 
iI1d sharing. In the Good Samarit ... 
Episcopal Church - Eastgate Mall across 
Genesee. 

I:ntertalnlDent 
"'aDAY. v.oNDDAY 
.100 pm -.John cage - Toni fakemitsu -
(THE): Edwin Harkins a1d Philip Larson: the 
premier of a joint music per-formance 
composition realized under the auspices of 
the National Enoowment for the Arts. In 
Mandeville Aud . Admission S5, 
students/seniors/staff S3. 
PR'DAY 
.100 pm -.JoJi Yuasa. Conlon Nancarrow, 
Morton Subotnick pieces will be performed 
by Sonor, Cedi Lytle ... d UCSO Chamber 
Choir for an ~enlng illuminating the 
evolution of instrumental and vocal 
ensembles under the Influence of 
technological and cultural influences. In 
Mandeville Aud. Admission 58. 
students/seniors/staff Ss. 
I""'RlMY 
.100 pm - Chowning. Pale. Orell<TIa 
Emshwiller and Reynolds perform an 
imovatlve iI1d idiosyncratic work with 
trchnolog,o in video synthesis a1d computer 
music featuring some of the pioneers In art 
and technology. In Mandeville Aud. 
Admission sa. students/seniors/staff Ss. 
SUNDAY 
IlOO pm - Samah ... Dancers & Philippine 
musidans, Gamelil1, Sekar Jaya with 
Ballnesi ... Dancers: Ensemble pemrmances 
with juxtapose the traditions of Indonesia, 
PhIlippines and call1bmla. In Mandeville Aud. 
General admission sa students/seniors/staff 
S5. 

Vl'"uanlzatJvnal Meetlnu 
MONDAY 
5.10 pm - SEED - SnJdents Enmuraging 
Education and Development. Come meet 

£alendar-
other snJdents dedicated to Improving 
conditions in the third world. Come le~n 
how you can pl~ a part in this new club. In 
USB 3060. 
TUDDAY 

- Surf Cub meeting: collective efIbrt 
needed to throw ins ... e beach parry. A few 
T-shirts still ~ailable. Bring friends and 
ched<books or cash, OUestion for the week: 
Do i1ITy girls surf at this school 7 Refrestments 
wi" be mil1datory. In USB 3070, 
.100 pm - Optometry Club meeting. In the 
Multipurpose room. 
W.DNDDAY 
..... 7100 pm - Come to the prospective 
ASIO directors' meeting If you're Interested In 

~ng for one of the five positions available 
for the mmIng academic year. Find out what 
these jobs are all about In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. For more information stop 
t7t the job bo~d or at ASIO. 
Lectul'"e 
W.DNDDAY 
7100 pm - International Fireside ~cture 
Series "U.S.-Japil1ese Economic Relations." 
Mr. Turr Jeng Cheng speaking. Mr. Cheng is 
a visiting lecturer with the Dept. of jX>litical 
science and a former rese~dl feflow at the 
Brookings Institution. Informal discussion & 
questions to tlllow. In the International 
Center- LDunge. 

l?ecl'"eatlvn 
tHURSDAY 
5 ... pm - The Thursday Dinner-. Good 
food iI1d great colllJarlY. Sponsored by the 
catholic Student Coorcinators. Donation S2 
In Lkliversity Lutheran Churdl. 
I"TURDAY 

- Ia:Ickdimbing nip to Joshua Tree 
National Monument Includes transporta-
tion. tents, instruaion, equipment. cooking 
equipment, dinner & breakfast. .No 
experience neeessal}'. In the canyorMew 
Outdoor Equip. Room. Admission S35. 

- Adventure to "Raging Waters." 
Transportation to water park in San Dimas 
with giant slides. raltlng. WiNeS & more. In 
canyonview. SI9 for students & ree ~d 
holders, 521 for others. 

ie..-vlcei/WVl'"kihVPi 
MONDAV ... 'DAY 
9100 ~IIOO pm - Deadline for applying 
for fall internships is sooner than you think. 
Don't walt crtj longer <TId come Into ASIO 

~. Otndal deadline is May 16th. We're 
located alXNe the gameroom in the Student 
Center-. call 452-4689. Get a head start on 
Fall quarter-. 
MONDAY 

~1 OIM .... - RED "'. ThIs group is t>r 
students who wish to gNe up their obsession 
with food and who desire personal growth. 
Led t7t Bev Haau and peer oounselor. call Bev 
at 452-3987 t>r Information and slgn-up. In 
Dr. HarJu's olnce. In we 302. 
I Z..,IOO ..... -Let go of Stress andReiax 
Clinic. ThIs group Is desIgled to teach 
methods of relaxing and dealing with stress 
lMlich can be used t>r a 1IfI!'time. Students 

~ attend all sessions or aop Into any one 
of them as CDr1\Ie'Ilent Led t7t Dr. Maynard 
Brusman iI1d Izzy Lerman. call 452-3755 t>r 
sign up. In HL 1003. 
Z .. IIOO pm - Roses are red, piWlsIes are 
orange, if you can rl¥ne ttis. come to ~ 
birth controllnformatlon session and tell me. 
While you are here, ~ and get some facts 

on the world we know as our bodies. You'II 
learn a lot. Upstairs at the Student Health 
Center bunge. 
110 .. 100 pm - Consdous-raising writing 
workshop. Exploring your sexuality and 
sexual preferences. In the North Conf. Rm. 
TUDDAY 
.~IOIOO .... - Adults Molested As 
Children. A group for men ... d women who 
'Were molested in childhood or adolescence 
t7t strangers, acquaintances and/or family 
members. Interested students should call 
Miriam losupovici (452-3755) or Lorraine 
Watson (452-39871 for information iI1d sign-
up. In HL 1003. 
IZ.o.IIOOpm -It's mating season. and 
'We know the tendendes of the species at this 
til'Tle. But"ust because we mate doesn't mean 
we ~ to procreate. So. come on all you 
homo sapiens, come join us at the birth 
control Information session. Love is in the air. 
Upstairs at the Student Health Center. 
I .. ZIOO pm - Type A Behavior ... d Your 
Health. The Type A beh~ior pattern is 
characterized by intense ambition , 
competitive drive. preoccupation with 
deadlines, and a sense of time urgent}'. 
Recent rese~ch suggests that angry/hOstile 
aspects of the TABP are detrimental to health. 

~arn coQf"litive~iorai techniques to 
reduce anger ... d improve interpersonal 
skills. led ~ Drs. Maynard Brusman iI1d 
Rochelle Bastien (452-30351. In HL 1003. 
1,.5100 pm - Chilaen of Alcoholia 
Group. Are you a child of iI1 alcohollc7 This 
group will provide opportunities for self-
exploration with others who also know what 
it Is like to be raised in iI1 alcoholic home. Led 
t7t Chooch Busse iI1d llJis Ar~, 452-
3585. In Dr. Busse's office, HSS 2126. 
4150-.,JO pm - Assertion Training 
Workshop. A group designed for men and 
women who feel unsure about asserting 
their needs in work. personal or family 
relationships. Led by Lorraine Watson and 
Izzy ~rm<TI. call 452-3755 for sign-up. In 
we 302. 
5115 pm - University Toastmasters 
presents programs designed to improve 
public speaking, . listening s~i~ls a~d 
impromptu speaking. In AdministratIVe 
Corll>lex "lA, 
W.DNUDAY 
.... ,01,5 .... - Graduate Women in 
Science & Engineering. SupjX)rt tlr graduate 
IMlmen dealing with issues of career, 
relationships, being in male-dominated 
fields. lab groups/research groups. Led by 
Chooch Busse. call OUinny at 452-3585. In 
Dr. &.!sse·s olnce, HSS 2126. 
1ZIOOollOO pm - Free sexl Free sed Free 
Sec-ual information at the birth control 
intlrmation session this Wecl-lesday and 
~ W~ from 12 to I at your Student 
Health Center. C'mon you g.Jy5 ... It's free. 
Upstairs at the Student Health Center. 
,.o.ZIOO pm - Insomnia Workshop. 
can't sleep 7 Restless, broken sleep 7 A bad 
nigt'(, tireO'les, exhaustion 7 RedIscover- the 
pleasures of sleep. Led by Dr. Maynard 
Brusman, 452-305. In HL 1003. 
4100 .100 pm - Campus Black Forum. A 
wee/(Iy, irtorma/ dIsoJssion group on the 
issues. concrrns, and the quality of Ii~ of the 
Black community at UCSD. ThIs Is an ongoing 
group ... d students can join at crtj time. 
Students can call leaders Phil Raphael at 452-
3755 or Rochelle Bastien at 452-3035 If they 
M.fe any questions; otherwise they can just 
come to the group. In the Mountain View 
Lounge. 
6100-7.,5 pm - RED I. This group Is tlr 
INOITIef'I who w ... t to O\IeI"come bingelng 
and purging behcMors sud'l as laKative abuse 
and vomitrtg on a regular basis. Led ~ 
Heather Laird and peer counselor. call 

Mon~.Apnl 28,1986 9 

Heather at 452-3456 for Information ... d 
sign up. In HL 1003 . 
7100 pm - Video "My Two I..oves." 
Location to be announced. For more info call 
x.JAVS . 
IHURSDAY 
IZlOOohOO pm - Oh rT'fj1l1t's alre~ May 
and you haven't attended a Well Woman 
Session'" For the best info in town on petvic 
exams. infections. nutrition a1d self exam, 
comejoin us. It's just an hour. It's friendly. It's 
for you. In the Student Health Center- upstairs 
lounge. 
I.oo.ZIIO pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group. Orl-iJOing supjX)rt group 
for men with a counseling emphasis. Led t7t 

St~ Brady and Demetrius. In HL 1003. 
I.oo.Z .. pm - RED II . ll'lis group is 
designed for students who have already 
IMlrked on eating disorders iI1d ~e currently 
in the process of giving up a serious eating 
problem. Led t7t Miriam Iosupovid and 
Dlcksle Allen, 452-3755. In HL 1003. 
ZaJHlOO pm - RED III. This group is tlr 
students who wish to give up their obsession 
with food and who desire personal growth. 
led t7t Dr. 8everlyHaau, 452-3987, and peer 
counselor. In Dr. HaOU's office. In WC 302. 
JIOO-4IOO pm - Back to the Future -
Career Group. Students will explore skills. 
interests, values iI1d personality <TId lifestyle 
preference to identJty and start plil1ning for a 
meaningful life direction. Led t7t Dr. Maynard 
Brusman, 452-3035. In HL 1003. 
4100 pm - MEN'S RED GROUP. PI<TIning 
meeting. This group is for men students who 
wish to give up their obsession w ith food ... d 
INho deisre personal growth. Led by Dr. 8ev 
HaOU. call her at 452-3987 for information 
and s~up. In Dr. Harju's office, WC 302. 
4&»6100 pm - Lesbi... & Bisexual 
Women Graduate Student Group. A peer-led 
discussion group for women graduate 
students who are lesbi.... bisexual or 
wishing to explore this part of their lives. Led 
by Chris a1dJennifer, 452-2023. In HL 1003. 
4,10-.,00 pm - Lesbian/Bisexual 
Women's SupjX)rt Group. Discussion/sup-
port group fo undergraduate women. ~d t7t 
catt¥. In the Women's Resource Center. 
6IJO-1IaOO pm - Gay/Bisexual Men iI1d 
Women's Discussion Group. Focus will be on 
discussion topics of mutual interest to a I~ge 
group (15-301. ~d t7t cathy iI1d Demetrius. 
In TCHB 141. 
""DAY 
- The Uldergraduate Art League is now 

drculating forms for the submission of ~ 
works to this year's Undergraduate Arts 
Festival. UCSD snJdents can submit art in crtj 
medium. Space per-mitting, all work w ill be 
shown in end-ot-the-year celebration. For 
more information contact BJ. upstairs in 
Mandeville at the Visual Arts Office at 452-
2252. Pick up iI1d fI" in those forms now. The 
League will accept them no later than today. 
11 100 ~I ZIOO pm - 7 Week Weight 
Management & Control Workshop. The goal 
of this group is permanent weight loss. 
Pndpants will le~n how to break theyo-yo 
system of weight loss ... d weight gain. 
Sessions will fows on nutrition, exerdse iI1d 
health. Led by Dr. BarbiWa Czesdk. call 452-
3755 to sign up. Enrollment limited. In HL 
1003. 
ZIOO .100 pm - I'lrohol ... d Substance 
Abuse Group. If you've ~er- asked "00 I ~ 
a probIem7' dlances are you do hale a few 
things to talk about. Students of crtj age or 
hlslOly with substances ~e welcome to 
partldpate In the weekly diSOJssions, Before 
joining the group inter-ested students are 
asked to call 8ecca at 452-3755 to make ... 
appointment with one of our counselors to 
see If the group will meet their needs. led by 
Dan Munoz. In the R~elle Provost's Ottlce. 
7 ..... pm - Soda!, Women's Center 
Social. An evening of lesbi ... /bisexual 
performance art. In the Multipurpose Rm. 



10 Monday, April 28, 1986 

Campus voyeurism; such a scam 
By WENDY STERN 

H AVE YOU EVER watched the people in front of Peterson Hall between 
classes or watched the people 
watching you from inside the 
cubicles of HL? They aU look -
no - they all stare as if you still 
have half your lunch from the 
deli hanging ofT of your face, or 
as if your sacred bodily parts are 
exposed. I have tried to figure 
out exactly what it is that these 
people are looking for and have 
come to the conclusion that 
they're not really looking for 
anything. They're just looking. 

My friend is convinced that I 
have the wrong idea about 
scamming. 

"Just because a guy goes over 
to visit a girl doesn't mean that 
he's scammin' on her: he 
explains. 

I saw him the other day 
talking to twO girls that I knew. 
he was wearing surfer shom 
and of course , his Vuamets. 

"So, what's up with you and 
- ?" I asked him later on that 
day. 

"What do you mean?,' he said 
in a condescending tone, as if I 
have no idea what he's up to. 

"I saw you over there today 
talking to her and her friend -
the one with the short dark 
haIr " 

"Wendy, JUSt because I go over 
there to talk to them doesn't 
mean that I'm not over there to 
get chem homework from them 
or something." 

"Or something Besides, she's 
not even in your chern class," I 
said , determined to get to the 
point. 

"Okay, so she's not in my 
chern class. What do you think 
about the one with the dark 
hair?" he finally asked. 

ow don 't think that I have 
the wrong idea about scamming, 
I just WIsh that the guys would 
be a bit more discrete. They 
seem to do everything short of 
arrivmg nude just to catch 

someone's attention. Cruising by 
on skateboards while wearing 
practically nothing is hardly what 
I call being discrete. 

"Guys tend to use whatever 
they have in order to get a girl's 
attention . If it's not their 'bods,' 
it's their personalities or 
whatever," professor of sociology, 
Bennet Berger sta tes. 

ThiS is not to say that girls do 
nothing to catch a guy's 
attention . We have our own 
tactics as well - short skirts , 
sunglasses, make-up - whatever 
we can use. It JUSt seems that the 
entire situation is o ne big game, 
and everything depends on how 
you play, 

"The entire courtship process 
can be th ought of as shopping 
- as if in a supermarket," Berger 
said. "It all depends on what 
type of product you're looking 

,,~ 

for. Tall? Short? Fat?" he 
continues. Yeah, it's kind of like 
what brand of fabric softener to 
choose. 

Berger has been observing the 
actions of youths, particularly 
students, and has come to the 
conclusion that they really have 
not hanged over the years. 
Students are not able to use 
assets or social sta IUS to impress 
others simply because they do 
not have these things. So these 
people have to resort to what 
they do have : G&'S skateboards 
and a pair of Flojos fOl the guys, 
a short skirt and red lipstick for 
the girls. 

I think that HL is a prime 
source for the scamming scene, 
and as far as I'm concerned , they 
should change the name to 
"Humanities Superman" or 
something. And while they're at 
it, they should replace all the 
books with cans of beets and 
rubes of new and improved Crest 
toothpaste. They might as well, 
because anyone who goes to HL 

","'" ~~f-: ,Jl~,..r~1iQ:~~~:a~'-

with the intention of studying 
might as well go to Camp 
Pendelton - they'd probably get 
more StUdyi ng done during a test 
driU. 

The way I see it, there are 
three distinct stages in the 
process of scammi ng: 

I. Looking. This is to see if 
he/ she is worth going to stage 
two. If eye contact is made, 
there is definite reason to go 
to stage two. 
2. Examining. This is the 
observation of facial as well as 
physical advantages (or 
disadvantages) - if he/ she is 
more attractive than you had 
first suspected, go on to stage 
three, if not, go back to stage 
one with a new subject. 
3. Communal approval. This 
is when you put down your 
book in one of the cubicles 
and look for someone that 
you know. You don't even 
have to know their name, you 
ust have to recognize each 
ther. You go up to him/ her 

Please tum to page 11 

H rton Plaza: strange isn't quite the word 
By STEVE TATRO 

FROM THE NORTH, Horton Plaza is a five -story spaceship behind a gothic, 
algae-spouting fountain in 
downtown San Diego. The 
conspicuous craft is in the 
process of being camouflaged as 
a p()!,t-provind al hotel, or 
A1catraz, or Disneyland - or 
possibly as :.. shopping center. 

Passing tlte doorless, 
windowles' and realismless west 
facade of ne ' plaza (complete 
with ar :led balcony portals 
without balconies), you round 
the struc ture's southwest corner 
to discover a funnel , leading to 
the hea rt of the machine. 

If you've walked from the 
mUnicipal parking lot 12 blocks 
away, you may want to rest on one 
of the wooden benches that hne 

!the entrance chute belore 
1;0 venturing up and in . If you had 
o faith enough in the plaza planners 
~ to tru t them to remember 10 bUIld 

a parking lot and drove right up to 
the beast, you could find the 
ominous mouth of an auto-eating, 
concre te cave JUSt around the 
comer. 

"FIRST THREE HOURS FREE" 
proclaim white letters on a 
rylexiglass booth, inside which a 
uniformed lad toils amid the 
countless creeping cars. As you 
reach the bobbi ng barricade, a 
beleaguered metal box to your 
left weighs your car and spits OUt 
its fortun e, the gasping of which 
raises the flattened candy cane. 

Inside the car cavern a rising 
string of brake lights betrays the 
presence of a compulsive 
parking pacehunter who, upon 
spott ing a person entering her 
car, halo reaced over to walt for 
the space that WIll remain Never 
mind that the tOP th ree levels of 
the garage are as empty as thiS 
guy's head , never mlOd that the 

Please tum LO page 11 

Horton Plaza 
Continued from page 10 
tring of cars behind' this guy 

has choked the driveway and is 
threatening to strangle the street, 
He will wait pa tiently until the 
blissfully ignorant shopper has 
depOSited her purchases in the 
trunk and attempts to back out 
into the stamp-sized area left her 
by the considerate Spacehunter. 
She can not get out. The 
Space hunter curses the cars 
behind him for not allowing him 
to back up. He eventually sh rugs 
his shoulders and leads the train 
of cars past the imprisoned 
woman. 

The names of th 14 areas of 
the seve n-level parking complex 
are a veritable tossed salad , from 
the lowly carrot level to the lofry 
artichoke. 

As you enter the plaza from the 
"com" level of the 2300-space 
parking complex, you might be 
chagrined to find yourself a t the 
end of another queue, this time of 
people instead of cars. This line is 
for those payi ng to see Hollywood 's 

latest creation of sex and! or gore at 
the UA-7 movies, but one can only 
wonder how many first time 
visitors have actually bought 
ti ckets to a matinee, thinking they 
were paying for admission to the 
plaza. 

Brushi ng past the highbrow 
crowd, you fi nd yourse lf in the 
middle of wha t looks most like a 
day-care center for children of 
working giants. Stran6ely shaped 
and colored structures are on 
every side, ranging from huge, 
tiled beach balls to naked (yes, 
completely nude) blue steel 
girders overhead. Your first 
question might be, "Is it 
finished?" 

Indeed, it is finish.;.d and so is 
ever)' rule of architectural good 
taste .. To the left is a huge, three-
sided column that looks like a 
pillar of Toblerone chocolate that 
the mice have gotten into, and to 
the right is a broad walkway that 
leads straight into a brick wall. 

Please tum to page 12 

The UnivsISlty Bookstore will 
begin returning 

Spring Qualter Teztl)ooks 
on Mar 5, 1986. 

Spring Quarter Instructors have 
been notified that the return 

process Will start May 5 
and should make that 

announcement in class. 

If you have not yet purchased 
Spring Quarter Teztl)ooks 

please do so before 
MayS, 1986. 

I-hr. service in most C~ 

Before you buy contact lenses, 
Cbeckjor: 

1. A money back guarantee 
2. 60 day foUow up period 
3. Examination, proksslonallnstru ( m 

and CIU'C kit Included 

'.sPICIAL STUDINT PRICI 
DalIyWear Exteo.ded Wear 

$109 $199 
THE ClASSICAL EYE 
AN OPTOM~RIC PRACTICe 

LA JOLLA VllLAae 
452-7374 

La JOlla Vlliage Square 
~n5ide malliower Ievet) 
8657 Voila La Jotla Drrve 

UTe 
4 57-4791 

lJnIver5Ity T 0\10 ne Centre 
(near Nord5trom) 

4411la Jolla Villa Drove 

Student 
Special 
31/2C c:V 

No Minimum/No Woitlng 
With Valid Student ID 
817 x 11 20 lb. "",Ita 

machlnafed 

GOlDEN TIIWIGI.f 
(In the computer1ond building 

across from ute) 
4320 10 jolla village dr. suite 265 

-entrance on Genesee-
M-flam-6pm 
5at9am-3pm 

458-1909 

~"'I ASIA. 
ASIA. 

BANGKOK 
IUSRT 

ISIopll" Hong Kong 
& TokyoJ 
TAIPEI 
1670 RT 

IStopsIn Tokyo 
& HftlflllIJ 

&AU 
S54Zow 

ISurfer's Parald'.J 

c;g.V.tiF¥,L~ 
452-0630 

The 

Monday, April 28, 1986 11 
FEATURES 

Scam 
Continued from page 10 

and say, "Hey! What do you 
think of ... ?" 

These three stages are 
necessary in the scamming game, 
but looks and appearance are 
more important. 

I notice girls in the bathroom 
of HL fixing their makeup, and 
for what? To go out and sit in a 
cubicle to supposedly study? Or 
what about the guys checking 
out their appearance in their 
friend's pair of mirrored 
sunglasses? 

I don't think that the 
scamming game will ever die , but 
I definitely think that it is more 
prevalent in the spring months. 
So the next time you are 
scamming on someone and have 
definitely rrtade a big mistake , or 
realize that someone is 
scamming on you, and that 
~n •• rc:r'n is a big mistake, do as 

Henley says, "Don't look 
back, you can never look 
back .. . : ~ 

Student Travel Network still thinks 
travel is an adventure!! Fly with us 
to Australia on scheduled airlines 
with tree stopovers in the Pacitic, 

Call us at 286-1322. 

aW STUDfNT TRAVEL NflWOIIK 6447 fl Colon alvd. San Diego 92" 5 
START LAW 

SCHOOL THIS 
JANUARY. 

California Western is the only 
A .B.A.-accredited law school in 
San Diego with a January class. 
Finish in 2. 2Yz . or 3 years at a small. 
private school that blends tradi-
tional academic and innovative 
practical training. 

Applications are ~Iso being 
accepted for September '86. Write 
or phone for a free Bulletin. 

California Western 
School of Law 

350 Cedar Street, San Diego, CA 92101 
619 / 239-0 391 



12 Monday, April 28, 1986 
FEATURES 

Cruise at the harbor 
reveals more than a view 
By STEVE TATRO 

W E REACH the from of the ticket line, only to be informed that making reservations never emers my mind , and now we're numbers 42 and 43 on the 
waiting list Beautiful. 

After the trauma wears off we 
decide to get back in line to see 
if we can a t least get tickets for a 
cruise around the hatbor, which 

hopefully is not as popular as 
whale watching. The woman in 
line behind us says that it 
disrupts the nursing of the 
newborn whales to have a bunch 
of boats chasing them around 
during their first migration. The 
harbor cruise is also five bucks 

cheaper than whale watching, so 
at this point I'm not feeling that 
bad about forgetting to make 
reservations. 

We buy twO tickets for the 
one-hour harbor cruise and walk 
up the gangplank of the Cabrillo, 
a double-decked, 80-foot, red, 
white and blue tour boat that is 
already mostly filled up with 
Midwestern retirees, single 
parents with weekend custody 
and punchy setvicemen on leave . 
One muscle shirted enlistee is 
treating the entire wharf to his 
favorite pop music, which blares 
from the boxcar-sized portable 
hi-fi that he purchsed dirt 
cheap, no doubt while on leave 
in Tokyo. 

Scheduled departure is at 
12:45, but it is almost 1:00 before 
the crew pulls up the gangplank 
and casts off. Even so, three 
frantiC teenage groupies come 
running to the end of the dock, 
waving their ticke ts and 
whimpering as the boat is 
pulling away, too embarrassed to 
even yell, 'Wait'" Fortunately for 
them, a man on the wharf 
whistles shrilly to the captain, 
whose disgust is amOSt palpable 
as he throws the engines into 
reverse and guns the throttle to 
back up for the late comers. 

As we are finally cruising 
counterclockwise around the bay, 

As we pass by 
_____ ________________ ------------, two looming aircraft 

carriers I am both 
awed and repelled 
by the great size 
and sophistication 
of these lnurder 
machines. 

the whale watching cruise this 
afternoon is sold out. No 
problem. My sister Sandra drives 
twO hours to go whale watching 
with me and the thought of 

The great beers of the oorld go by one name: l.Owenbrau. Brewed in Mwlich.. 
Br~ in England, S~n, Canada,Japan and here in America for a distinctive oorld clas.~ taste. 

illS KioII.D Cw.s FoR l.CNtIENBRAu. 
1986 Miller BrIlWlOQ Co M,lwaukee.IM 

I am quick to point out to 
Sandra that I picked seats on the 
starboard side of the boat, giving 
us a clear view of the near shore 
all the way around; and she is 
quick to point out that these 
were almost the only seats 
available when we got on board. 
While our typically good-looking 
lOur guide points out the various 
ships and landmarks, the fog 
begins 10 come in, clouding the 

. sun and bringing a cold , damp 
breeze. 

The older passengers are the 
first to abandon the open upper 
deck for the warmth of the 
enclosed lower deck, followed by 
parents with young children and 
anyone else wearing less than a 
sweatshirt and a windbreaker. 

Please tum to page 13 

Plaza 
Continued from page 11 

The shops are on lIve levels 
that line the sides of a paisley-
shaped mall that is criss-crossed 
by walkways and escalators all 
along its 6oo-foot length. But 
don't imagine that the shops on 
the left side of the mall are on 
the same level as those on the 
right - that would be normal, 
and Honon Plaza can maybe 
called many things: magnificiem, 
unique, gross - but not normal. 
The levels are staggered, so that 
each level is half a level above 
the level ac ross the mall from it. 
This particular architectural 
anomaly obviously symbolizes 
that smnning feature of 
CalifornIa's geography, the San 
Andreas fault. 

Horton Plaza isn't like 
suburban malls, where you often 
find something useful at a 
reasonable price. The most useful 
item you'll get at a shop in 
Hon on Plaza is a bag to hide 
whatever attic-stuffer you became 
infatuated enough with to pay 
good money for . Maybe it was 
the 6-foot , inflatable Gocl zilla doll 
for just $16.95 that caught your 
eye , or the plasma sphere for just 
$[500, and who could resist that 
cute little 23-inch motorcycle at 
$246 (on sale)? 

If you go to Horton Plaza, be 
sure to leave your credit card ~ at 
home, becau e hke Lao; Vegas, 
you can only 10 e as much as 
)'ou have with you Once thai's 
gone, )'ou Coln try to apprew\tc 
the Jrchltccture , laugh at Ihe ltv\! 
manIkInS, or Ju~t wonder at the 
pm:e tag:>. [W 

Cruise 
Continued from page 12 
Sandra and I came prepared 
with four layers each, and now 
we go out onto the vacant bow 

and watch the water as it parts 
in front of us like two endless 
barber poles. SeaguUs glide along 
WIth us. lust out of reach [rom 
the rail , and startled cormorants 
either duck under water or take 
ofT and try to cut in fro nt of us, 

like reckless hot-rod drivers 
trying to beat a train crossing. 

As we pass by twO looming 
aircraft carri ers [ am both awed 
and repelled by the great size 
and sophistication of these 
murder machines - how 

PARSONS 
SCHOOL OF DESIGN 

Special Summer Programs 
Pllreona In Pllri.: 8-wMk progrwn July 1-Auguet 13, 1111 
Painting ,. drawln~ , art history and the liberal arts. Paris, and the Dordogne 
countryside or Siena. Italy. 
FMhlon In Pllrla . July 1-July 30, 11. 
FashIOn Illustration. a history 01 European design and contemporary trends 
In French fashion . Shde presentations. museums, studio and retail outlets 
guest lectures. ' 
Photography In Pllrla July 1-July 30, 1111 
Tt1E! aesthellCs and craft of photography. Lsctures. gallery visits and shooting 
aSSlQnments. 
Archlt8Ctur8.nd Dnlgn In Pllrls July 1-July 30,11. 
European decorative arts and the history of French architecture. Parsons 
faculty and staff members of the Muses des Arts ~oratifs. 
Pllreona In ItIIl~ . June 3O-July 21,11. 
Contemporary Itall8n design and the history of Italian architecture. Rome, 
Florence and Venice. 
eer8mlcs .nd Flber8 In JIIptln July 17-Augu.t 11 1111 
Ceramics, fibers and the history oI .Japanese crafts. Cultural baCkgrou~d in 
Tokyo and Kyoto, and studiO experiences at Bunka University (fibers) or the 
small village oIlnbe (ceramics). 
F8a.hlon In JIIptln July 17-August 17, 1118 
Tradllional and cont~porary interpretations 01 classic clothing. Tokyo and 
Kyoto. ~kshops. VISIts to studiOS. mU38lJms and retail outlets. and presen· 
tallOns by well·known Japanese designers. 
Gr8phlc Design In J.ptln · . . July 17-AugU8t 17, 1118 
Survey of contemporary Japanese graphIC design and trad~ional influences 
In Tokyo and Kyoto. Workshops, gallery and studio visits and presenllllions. 
Pllreo.na I.n w..t AfriCII . July 8-Augu.t 2, 1886 
CeramICS, fibers. metalsmlthlng. photography, archaeology or traditional 
African art and architecture. The Ivory Coast and/or Mali (816-81251'86) . 
Pllreona .t La .. PIIICld June 2I-Augu8t 8, 1118 
One a~d two.~k workshops in ceramics, metals. surface design , fibers 
and printmaking. A small upper N.Y. state village- and ultra·modern Center 
for the Arts-with a long artistic history. 
B8,:,k StIMtlPlireons June 3O-July 30,1118 
A )olnt three·summer Master's degree program with the prestigious Bank 
Street College. of Education. The currICulum examines educational SUpervl' 
Slon and admlntstratlon With a visual arts focus. 
College In New York . June 23-July 24, 1118 

Full·t.l~ study In a specified art and design area. Drawing, painting, com· 
municatlon design. photography, environmental design, mustration, fashion 
IliustratlOll or fashion design . 
Pre-Coilege In N_ 'tbrk June 23-JuI, 24 1111 
A full·time opportunity. For high school students considering college ~ 
In drawing, painting, communication design , photography, environmental 
deSign, IllustratIOn, fashion illustration, fashion merchandising or fashion 
deSIgn. IntroductIOn to art and design also available. 
Pre-College In Fr8nce July 11-AugU8t 13 , ... 
High school students of artistic promise visit Paris Bnd the Dordogne r~ion . 
College·level drawing, painting and prehistoric archaeofogy. 

Pre-Coll~ In Greece August, 1118 
PromiSIng high school students are introduced to ancient Greek culture. In· 
tenSlvtl drawing and painting projects in Athens. the Pelopponese and the 
Greek Islands. Focus Blso Includes Greek art and architecture. 
All foreign programs include air transportation, land transfers and accom· 

mod~tlons. Dormitory arrangements for New 'lbrk prdgrBms- and hotel 
lodgings for Lake Placid- are available. Selected programs are offered with 
undergraduate credit, graduate credit and non·credit options. For additional 
Informalion , please return the coupon below or call (212) 741-8975. 

Pllreona School of O.algn, OffIce of Specl.1 Progr8ma 
66 Filth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10011 

Please send me information on the following 
special summer programs: 

o Parsons/Paris o ParsonslWest Africa 
o Fashion/Paris o Parsons/Lake Placid 
o Photography/Paris o Bank StreeVParsons 
o Architecture/Paris o College/New York 
o Parsons/Italy o Pre· College/New York 
o Ceramics/Fibers/Japan o Pre· College/France 
o Fashion/Japan o Pre-College/Greece 
o Graphic Design/Japan 

Name 
Address 
Clty _________ State ____ --'-Zlp 

'-IO-C----

depressing that they are 
necessary to mai ntain the world 
balance of terror. As we pass 
ship after huge gray shir ' I am 
made painfully aware 0 the huge 
scale of global hos tili ty, and the 
festive mood of the cruise has 

Monday. April 28. 1986 13 
FEATURES 

disappeared. As we complete our 
tour and approach the dock. a 
stingray flees before us, and 1 
watch it as long as 1 can until 
the time comes to file off the 
boat with the rest of the 
pasengers. 

MODt:LS WANTED 
Tblrd College needs students to model 
native dress from various countries for 
Third College's annual Cultural 
Celebration Day being held on, May 4, 
1986 In col\lunction with UCSD s o~n 
House. If you are Interested n 
participating and have native attire from 
another culture, please contact either 
Barbara waters (452-4390) or Zinnah 
Holmes (455-9754). 

Want to Eam Money? 

BE A CAPE RUNNER! 
Flexible hours, temporary job, only 4 
weeks long. Check the job board NOW 
and drop in for an interview at CAPE. 

Q.-314 (452 .. 2668) 

so YOU WANT TO BE A LAWYER 

The San Diego Bar Association Joins the Earl 
Warren College Symposium in sponsoring a panel 
workshop featuring San Diego law school deans 
and attorneys discussing such issues as the 
sacrifices involved In attending law school, how 
to get your ftrst job after passing the bar exam, 
how women are changing the Jaw profession fteld, 
and more. Come join us on Monday, April 28 at 7 
p,m. in the Warren Apartment Commons Lounge, 
All are welcome. 

- Panellsts-
Sheldon Krantz. Dean. University of San Diego 

Michael Desaenl Dean. California Western School of Law 
Howard Oralstdn. Dean. "aUonal Unlverstly School of Law 

Hadley Batchelder. Dean. Western State University School of Law 
Shelley Patton. Attorney 

for further Information. please phone 
tllzabeth tUum at 452-\350. 



14 Monday. Apnl 28. 1986 

11 in a row, 3 to go: UCSD mauls Masters 
By ROBERT WHITE, Staff Writer 

SATURDAY afternoon, the UCSD baseball club continued its dominant 
playas the Tritons thoroughly 
trounced Masters College in a 
double-header, 17-1 and 14-1. 

The twO drubbings bring the 
Triton winning streak to 11 
straight as the team flexed its 
muscles scoring 31 times while 
amassing 31 hits and hilling six 
homers, including three grand 

slams. If Saturday'S contest had 
been a boxing match , Masters 
College would have been TKO'd 
during the first game, and 
probably would still be 
unconscious. 

Records have fallen like bowling pins during UCSD 's current winning streak. Dan DiMascio (batting) hit one 
of three Triton grand slams on the day. He also hit another homer while collecting seven RBIs in the first game. 

Weekly Sports Calendar 

29 

30 
3 

Iue. 

Wed, 
Sat. 

The University Bookstore will 
begin returning 

Spring Quarter Textbooks 
on Mar 5. 1986. 

Spring Quarter Instructors have 
been notified. that the return 

process will start May 5 
and should make that 

announcement in class. 

11 you have not yet purchased. 
Spring Quarter Textbooks 

please do so before 
May 5,1986. 

UCSD 
DCSU. 
UCSD , 

2·3Dl':m 
3;00 pm 
3:00 pm 

Save$$$ 
AUTO 

INSURANCE 
Special College 

Student Frogram 
To qualify, 

undergraduate students 
must have 12 units, 
Graduate students 
must have 8 units 

Call for Immmedlate quote, 
560-9055 

Offered through: 
Oak Leaf 

I nsurance Agency 

~ 
4540 Kearny Villa Rd. 

Suite 210 
Near Balboa Ave. ~ 163 

San Diego, CA 92123 

In tl1e first inning of the 
opening game. rightfielder Dan 
DiMascio gave a preview of how 
the entire afternoon would go. 
The powerful junior crushed a 
long three-run homer which 
opened the floodgates for the 
Triton batsmen. UCSD increased 
its lead to 7-0 in the third, and 
in the next inning. the Tritons 
put Masters on the floor by 
scoring 10 tillles. The fourth 
inning began on a walk to 
catcher Bob Natal. The next two 
baners were retired and the 
inning appeared over when Glen 
Turnispeed struck out. but he 
hustled to reach base wh en the 
catcher dropped the third strike. 

The Tritons capitalized on the 
miscue as the next two batters 
singled to add another run and 
load the bases. Second-basemen 
David Stanovich then stepped in 
and singled to center, scoring 
two. Masters then brought in a 
new pitcher when perhaps they 
should have waved the white 

flag. After a hit batsman and a 
walk, Mr. DiMascio came up and 
unloaded his second homer of 
the game which cleared the 
bases and brought the score to 
16-0. Third-basemen Derek 
Alkonis followed DiMascio's blast 
with one of his own to complete 
the impressive inning. 

While the Tritons were 
denting basebaUs at the plate , 
pitcher Rick Nowak was blanking 
the visitors with his fastban and 
sharp curve. Nowak threw the 
fin five innings surrendering 
only two hits while forbidding a 
run. The win improves his 
record to 5-2. 

For a while, game twO looked 
as though it would actually be a 
contest. but soon the Tritons 
began to tee off on Masters 
hurlers. The big blow came in 
the fifth on a grand slam by 
shortstop Don Peterson, a shot 
which put the score at 9-0 and 
made game twO another Iaugher. 

Please tum to page 16 

Ruggers finish 
second in league 
By JOSH WEL 

T HE SAN DIEGO rugby team travelled last weekend to Santa 
Barbara for the 21st annual Santa 
Barbara International Rugby 
Tournament. Despite three weeks 
without practice, sandwiched 
around finals and spring break, 
UCSD still managed three wins 
against two losses for the TWO-
day event- their best showing 
ever at the tournament, which 
attracts more than 70 teams and 
5,000 players from around the 
world. San Diego's strong 
performance was anchored by a 
staunch defense which posted 
two shutouts and anowed a total 
of only 27 poims in 200 minutes 
of game time. 

UCSD's firs t game was at 7:50 
am SaTUrday against Humboldt 
State, a team ranked third in 
Northern California and already 
qualified for the regional playoffs. 
The early start made for some 
sleepy rugby players, but UC 
coach Tom Butler had just the 
cure-a snort of Tequila for the 
starters. Humboldt moved the 
ball early against UCSD, but the 
now-awakened team clamped 
down when Humboldt 
threatened to score. When UC 
speedster Stu Matz deflected a 
pass over his defender back into 
his own hands for a 4O-yard 
scoring romp, it was all the 
offense San Diego needed. Final 

Please tum to page 16 

$5 
HAIRCUTS 
WITH THIS AD 

AT OUR P.B. STORE ONLY 

"Androgynous Haircuts" 

Late Night Special - $5 after 6 pm 
Open 6 days a week 
Mon.-fri. 9 am-8 pm 

Sat. 9 am-5 pm 
144 7 Garnet 7028 EI Cajon 

Ave. Ivd. 
273-CUTS 463-5052 

Monday. Apnl 28. 1986 15 
SPORTS 

WI RI; To WI Rtll ~~~ 
Do it to us one more time 

When Lany Bird and Magic 
Johnson appeared in 1980. it 
was the best thing that could 
have happened to the NBA. Both 
had already established their 
images in college as superstars. 
Johnson was the razzle-dazzle, 
shake 'n' bake . overgrown point . 
guard who had a smile that 
could make Donny Osmond look 
like Gabby Hayes. Bird was the 
antithesis of the modem day 
basketbaU star. a slow, white boy 
with unbelievable instincts and 
COUIt sense. So unbelievable were 
his skills that he carried a group 
of nobodies into the NCAA 
Championship final. (if anyone 
thinks that there were others on 
that team with talent, then go 
ahead and name Bird's 
teammates at Indiana State. Yeah, 
I thought you could.) 

It seems almost senseless 10 
playa six-month. 82-game 
schedule and then spend 
another two months sifting 
through mediocrity just so that 
Boston and 1A can have the last 
dance once again. Boy. wouldn't 
it be great to see teams like the 
Indiana Pacers and Utah Jazz 
instead of the monotony of the 
Laker Celtic series? Yes, and it 
would also be great to see Phyllis 
Diller on the cover of the Sports 
J/lustmted swimsuit issue . 

Truth of the matter is, other 
than between the Dodgers and 
Yankees, there is no more bitter 
rivalry in professional sports; and 
people from Seattle to Atlanta 
would admit that if their teams 
didn't make the finals, then 
seeing the Lakers and Celtics 
brawl it out again is the next 

the Forum serves as their 
pantheon for preciSion passing 
and picture-perfect fastbreak 
points. Rickety old Boston 
Garden and its trademark 
parquel floor serve host to the 
most disciplined team with the 
easiest offensive strategy in the 
NBA: Pass the ball to Bird and let 
him shoot. And his teammates 
don't seem to mind. Kevin 
McHale , the Celtics' long-armed 
forward was recently asked if he 
would mind going to an 
expansion team in his home 
state of Minnesota. "I'll go ," said 
McHale, "if Lany Bird goes: 

Both Magic and Bird have said 
they don't see themselves playing 
after 1990. So don't wony -
Michael Jordon will redefine the 
word superhuman, and 
Dominique Wilkins will be the 
first to do a nO-degree reverse 
slam, and Akeem and Patrick 

Ewing will be the next great big 
men in the NBA - their time 
will come. But for now, with all 
respect to Ringling Brothers, sit 
and enjoy the Lakers and Celtics, 
truly the Greatest Show on Earth. 

What's so bright about a hanging 
slider? 

Criticism of Padre 'pitcher Eric 
Show usually revolves around his 
propensity to "think too much 
on the mound ." Indeed , Show 
has labelled himself the 
"misunderstood man ," an 
intellectual giant in a forest of 
shrubery. 

But last Saturday night. in 
front of a sell out cap-night 
crowd, Show showed himself to 
be the big-fish-in-a-Iittle-pond 
that he realy is. After pitching 
nine and two-thirds innings of 
the best ban of his life, Show 
hung a one and two slider to 
WUI Clark, who ·deposited it in 

the right-field stands. But then 
again, Eric was probably 
preoccupied with his lateSt 
theory on Commu nist 
intervention in Congress, or 
some other distorted world view. 
Baseball, by Show's own 
admission , is really not that 
important. But for some of those 
50,000 fans who paid their hard-
earned cash to go, perhaps a 
little less philosophizing and a 
httle more common sense on the 
mound would better serve his 
teammates. 

The Padres did manage to 
take twO of three games from the 
Gnats from San Francisco, 
winning Sunday's game 6-4 
under the sun at the Murph . The 
Cubs come to towm Monday and 
Tuesday and then the defending 
NL champs from St. Louis will 
run around with the Padres at 
the big ball park. Now Bird and Magic are so 

heavily identified with their 
teams that it's impossible to 
imagine them playing for anyone 
else. Both have secured their 
places in the basketball Hall of 
Fame and will probably be 
considered two of the greatest 
basketban players that ever lived. 

best thing. The Lakers are 
Hollywood, flash and sass, and 

The one problem that has 
arisen since these twO players 
entered the NBA is that the 
playoffs have become one of the-
greatest charades in professional 
SpOrts. Since 1980, either the 
Lakers or the Celtics have been 
involved in the finals, both teams 
meeting over the last two years 
in a row; and by the looks of 
things this year, it's going to be 
ditto. 

r 

r 

< -

BUD LIGHT 
MARCH 

Athlete of the Month 
Roser Brisbane 
Men'~ Swimming 
Senior, San Iijeao 
Warren, Biology 

The word Brisbane followed by Australia sUllllt!lts that wild Auasie cowboy 
environment. But when Brisbane is preceded by a ROICf, one has a very dlfferentsort of 
cowboy in mind, an aquatic cowboy who recently lIttoked andsteared his way into two 
national record-breaking swim titles at the NCAA Division III National Men's Swim 
Championship. 

This senior biology major posted narIonal record times in the 100 yd. butterfly, 
49.28 and the 200 yd. fly, 1:49.81 as well as swimming legs in the lst place 400 yd. 
medley relay team Uld the 4th place 800 freestyle relay team. 

In addition to holding the school Uld national records in the 100 and 200 yd. 
butterfly, Roger also holds the school record in the 400 medley relay and the 800 yd. 
freestyle relay. 

A four-time All-American, Roger has competed for the Tritons for just two years 
(his other two years were spent at UC Riverside) but has managed to carve his name in 
the rouyh waters of Triton aquatic history. 

For securing two national records at the recent NCAA's and for placing in the top 
four in the four events he competed, UCSD Athletics welcomes Roger Brisbane as a co-
recipient of March's Bud Ught Athlete-of-the-Month award. 

Tracy Mulvany 
Women'. Swimmminil 

Sophomore, Chatsworth, CA 
Muir, Economics 

Chuck Yeager may have broken the sound barrier but Tracy Mulvany will go down in 
the Triton record books as breaking the speed barrier as this aquatic propeller and two-
year All-American competed recently in the NCAA Division III National Women's 
Swimming Championshlpll and for the second year in a row accounted for the most 
individual points at Nationals with 70. 

But the real fcather in Tracy's cap is that she came home from the Nationals as the 
Champion in the SOOand 1650yd. freestyle, while also placing3rd. in the 200IM, 5th. 
in the 200 freestyle and 3rd. as a member of the 800 freestyle relay team. AII -in-all, 
Tracy finished in the top fiye in five events; not bad for this petite, Muir College 
sophomore. She haa established four individual school records in the I()()() and 1650 
yd. freestyle and 200 and 400 individual medley and as part of the 800 free relay team, 

For her outstanding performance at the National ChamplONhipli and for her ability 
to garner national titles, seemingly at will, UCSD Arhlaiel Is proud to name Tracy 
Mulvlny II co-recipient of March's Bud URht Athlde-of-che-Month award. 

Swimming for glory 
It may not be Canton or 

Cooperstown, but the San Diego 
Hall of Champions recently 
awarded Certificates of 
Achievement to six members of 
the UCSD swim team who won a 
total of eight National Titles at 
the Division m National 
Champions in Canton Ohio. 

Award winners were Jeff 
Stabile, Roger Brisbane, Bill 
Kamierowicz. tracy Mulvany, the 
400 medley relay team of 
Brisbane, Kazmierowicz, Darron 
Frederick and Butch Cramer. 

Wire to Wire 
congratulates these fine athletes. 

-Gusta\lO Santoyo 
& "Hoover" Schacht 

I TOYOTA '. H\:iDA VOI.KS ~~ 
Ff1IIII. ,.... (regul~y SIIO.OO ) 
Brake job includes. 
t Install special new pads or 

Install rear braIo.e shoes 
2 Drain old bral!e lIuld 
3 tnspec;t complete hylhulic system 
4. Refill hyGaulic livid 
5. Bleed entire brake syslem 
6. Adjusltront (il 1i'Ims) and ,. shoes 
7. Replace Ironl rolor seals 

(wilh rolor h,n) 
8. Road lest 
Nole: HyGaulic ~ in not included 

(regul~ $325.00) 
Honda. Toyota, Datsun (not Z models) 
and Vofks type 1. 2 & 3 
We replace 
t . TransmiSSIon Il1p\Jt shalt seal (except Hondas) 
2 Ptesswe plite 
3. Clutch disc 
4 Throw out bearlflll 
5 l'llot .'ogs 
6 New IransmtSStOn otl 
7 Road lest 
Nott. H)'IhuIIC parts are not ClNftd 

Brand ......... 
AIIlIllollt ou, IpICIII , .... 
for ...... 0¥8I'MIIII 

Minor Tun.-Up ~ 
SpecIal $35 (reg $6000) 
Ou- tllM!-~ includes a lot more than others. 
It includes: 
I Sp.tc plugs 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensets 
4. Adjust timing 
5. Adjust dwell angle 
6. ChecIc & raplenisll all 

lkid & oil levels 
7. Check brakes 

8 Check clutCh 
9 Check lights 

10 Check under· 
carnage for damages 

11 . Check cooling 
system & hoses 

12 Road test 

Mator SarvIc& (2&potnt) 
Spacial S99 (~y SI30.00) 
011 major tlN-~ includes 

I . Co" .. 6SlIioo, ... 
2. Valve adjustmenl 

Replace: 
3. Valve cover gasket . 
4. ~plugs, 
5. Distributor points. 
6 Condens«s. 
7. Air "Iter. 
8. Oil lilter. 
9. Gas "Iter and 

10. Engme oil 
II Adjust liming 
12 Adjust dwetl iflIIle 
13 Adjusl cilllllletor 
14 Adjust air & Iuef 

ratio ,,"xlln 

15. Check & adjust 
.....belts 

16. l* ITonI end 
17 Check & rIpienish all 

Ituid & oil levels 
18. Check InkIs 
19. Check clutch 
20. Check lights 
21. Chick undercaniage 

for damages 
22 Chick & rechMge 

battery ll~ 
23 Check tire presSlle 
24 Lube door hlllQeS 
25 Check cooling system 

& hoses 
26 Road test 

Note t lor 6-cylinds c;n and Rabbits. D~. 
Sciroccos. & Fiats. add $20. Toyota Supras add S30 
Datsun 200SX With 8 sp<Wi< plugs add $35 2 .. ..,or 
tUM-UPS lor VW (Elccept vans & squarebacks later than 
1972). Beetles. 1972 and later SIlO and poor to '72 
$70 3. lor VW Things and K~n G/llas- onty S60 

AI ... warIl_. 2-,... 2G,OOO ............... ..., 
Langill _ty in town-eapt ~, which '- a 6-month pwttee. Appotntmenls made IUlng the 

Validity of the Ids wi. sli" be goad 1It __ . We can giw you excellent references from 011 satisfied customn. 
Plea call lor ""her inltlllMlion & appoiI~m.1I1$ This special is good onty lor the Cln mentioned above. 

AI ...... lIICtl~1 .... I ...... • ........... 1:00 _ 4:00 ... 

overse~gS. Offer good through ~ May 12, 1986 AutonIoIIVI ..... aIrs Towing at renlal car CMlliabie. 
...... Hours: MondaV-I'IIdav 7:30 am-6:OO pm 

• .. '.l1li ............. *.l1li ........... l1li*.. Cioled ~ndav 
- - - - - - - - 8ClO8 MIrama Rd. "8" .,.1990 Call lor appoilltment roN. 



I I 

16 Monday, ApnJ 28, 1986 
SPORTS 

The Seventh Annual farl Warren Memorial Symposium 

THE LIMITS OF LAW ENFORCEMENT 
Panel Discussion and Moot Court Presentation 

One of the most important and popular parts of the annual ~rl 
Warren Symposium is the "moot court" argument. Experienced 
law students will develop a hypothetical case relating to the 
symposium topic ... that is "realltfe" in facts and issues. With the 
aid of trained actors who play the roles of defendants and 
witnesses, the case is tried before a real judge and jury drawn trom 
the audience. This year's case will deal with a high school honor 
student charged .with the sale of narcotics. Presiding at the trial 
will be U.S. District Judge Robert Takasugi of Los Angeles, who 
also presided at the recent trial of John Delorean on narcotics 
conspiracy charges. UCSD students are invited to attend either the 
morning or the afternoon symposium sessions. Thursday, May 1 
(Law Day), 9-11 a.m. and 1-3 p.m., Sumner Auditorium, Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. for more information, please call 
452-4350. 

WORD 
JOURNEYS 
A TRAVELLER'S 
OOOKSfORE 

To go on B trip 
without first visiting 
Word Journeys is' 

like going to 
Mozambique 

without 
Malaria pills. 

Come see us. We have 
the large!t selection of 

travel books in 
Southern California . 

731 S. Hwy. 101 
5018118 ~8ch, CA 92075 

(619) 481-4158 

THE RACE FOR 
PRE-APPROVED CREDIT 

FROM FORD CREDIT IS ON AT 
MIRAMAR LINCOLN MERCURY 

-~- ... -
-- - .,. ~ --
-
- .. -

- -Do You Qualify For ... 
Pre~approved Credit? -

Ii1 You Must Be A Graduate 
Ii1 You Must Have A Job Commitment 

Iii/" You Must Visit The Showroom 
Ii1 You Must Hurry 

Yes, pre-approved credit from Ford Credit can be yours. 
You must receive at least a bachelor's degree or a state RN 
license between October 1, 1985 and September 30, 1986, 

and you must have verifiable employment that begins within 
120 days of your qualifying 'vehicle purchase at a salary sufficient 
to cover ordinary living expenses and your vehicle payment, Your 

credit record, if you have one, must indicate payment made as 
agreed. The amount of credit depends on the qualifying car you buy. 
Plus, $400 is available even if you don't finance. Make your best 

deal on any qualifying vehicle and use the money toward your down 
payment, or Ford will send you a $400 check after the purchase or lease. 

These Are The Vehicles That Are Qualified 
MERCURY: Lynx, Topaz, Capri, Cougar 

So hurry; if a vehicle is not in dealer stock you must order by June 1, 1986, 
and you must take delivery of any vehicle by August 31, 1986. See your 

participating dealer for complete program details. 
Graduates, Start Your Engines ~nd Get Over To 
MIRAMAR LINCOLN-MERCURY 

6006 Miramar Road, San Dieso, California 92121 
O\.\..lGE c~ Q0f£ ~~ Q( ':P o ~ 

.... ,., MERCURY 

LI NCOLN 

Baseball 
Continued from page 14 
The smooth fielding Petersen 
said of his blast . "The guy had 
twO strikes on me. I was JUSt 
looking to get a piece of it." He 
got a piece as the ball left Olsen 
Field with no doubt as to its 
destination , 

In the sixth. Bob Natal hit th 
Tritons' third grand slam of the 
day. His shot put the score at 
14-1. and at that point the 
coaches agreed to shorten the 
humiliation by only playing 
seven innings. It's a good thing 
- who knows how long the 
massacre would have continued? 
Dave Adamson gave up one run 
in running his record to 4-0 on 
the year, 

Team records have been 
faning throughout the Triton win 
streak. Manager Lyle Yates 
notched his looth vict0l)' earlier 
in the week after only 5 seasons 
at the Triton helm. DiMascio's 
nine RBis Saturday set a new 
school record at 4j , Also broken 
was the school's team home-run 
record as the Tritons now have 
38 on the year. 

These records and more are 
likely to fall as the Tritons play 
their final three games of the 
season. The winning streak and 
record-breaking performances 
are reasons to boast, but the 
Tritons are fOCUSing upon other 
goals - a playoff spot and a 
Division 1II championship. ~ 

Rugby 
Continued from page 14 
score: 4-0. 

The second match put UCSD 
against league rival (and this 
year's champions) Loyola. In 
regular season play Loyola 
jumped off to a big lead and 
held off a late UC raUy. It was 
the same Stol)' Saturday as 
Loyola went up 9-0 and the late 
San Diego comeback fell short, 9-
6. 

Saturday'S third game was 
against a physicaUy bigger Chico 
State, and UCSD was clearly 
intimidated as (hey fell apan 15-
3. The game was marred by 
numerous fights and an 
inordinant amount of dirry play 
instigated by Chico State's 
tactics. "The dirtiest game I've 
ever been involved ir. on the 
West Coast," said one UCSD 
player. 

Sunday morning pitted San 
Diego against rival UClA. Roger 
Krieg started things off for UCSD 
with a )()-yard field goal. 
followed by a Mike Wensley try 
for a 7-0 lead , Krieg nailed the 
two-point conversion follOwing 
the score, and UCSD went on to 
a 9-3 victory. 

The final game was against 
UC Santa Cruz , and San Diego 
dominated aD the way to a 10-0 
victory. The game was 
highlighted by the outstanding 
play of scrum-half Stan Bae. Bac, 
who normally plays loose 
forward , was moved to the 
scrum-half position (somewhat 
analogous to a quanerback) 
when San Diego's regular serum-
half. Gerald Pratt, was injured in 
the first game of the tournament. 

The tournament ends play for 
the rugby team, save for the 
annual alunmi match to be 
played May 17. It was a 
satis fying season for the rugby 
team as they won their last three 
league game (i n luding battles 
agamst USC and a cidental) for 

, a second -place fini h. ~ 

Protest 
Continued from page 7 
UCSD ~hould become a 
sanctuary from INS agents; 4) UC 
must divest from Los Alamos and 
Livermore weapons labs. 

While occupying the lobby. 
the group collectively sang, 
chanted and discussed the 
situation. 

Carrie Wilson. legal sevices 
staff member, advised the group 
on the legal ramifications of their 
actions, and the possibility of 
arrest for charges of trespassing. 

Shortly before 4:30. when 
asked if the group would be 
allowed to stay after closing, 
Vice-Chancellor of Undrgarduate 
Affairs Joseph Watson replied, 
"This campus has rules and 
policies, and we will enforce the 
rules and policies. as 
appropriate. " 

Monday, April 28, 1986 1 7 
NEWS 

Wage cut 
Continued from page 3 
UC Davis cut their student wages 
by 25 percent. UC Riverside 
followed with a 25 percent cut of 
its own in the fall of 1984. As a 
result of student negotiations and 
protest. the Riverside wage cut 
was reduced to 14 percent. 

In reaction to these cuts , 
UCSA demanded in the Spring 
of 1985 that the Regents put a 
stop to these inconsistent and 
arbitral)' wage cuts and that a 
uniform policy be drafted to 
prevent funher cuts, As a result 
of these demands , Senior Vice 
President of Administration 
Ronald Brady's office assured 
UCSA that they would review 
their concerns and 
recommendations in order to 
address the inconsistency in the 
wage setting system. 

A few minutes after 4:30 pm, 
Watson was heard to have said, 
"1 think it's time to go." 

UCSD students sing songs of peace at last Thursday's sit-in at the Career Center. Leora Goren, associate director 
for collective bargaining of the 
UC Student Lobby, is panicularly 
concerned with the likelihood 
that the administration will 
instigate wage cuts during the 
summer when there are no 
students to protest. 

A moment later. Anderson 
remarked , "Let's close this 
fucker." 

All non-demonstrators, 
including media , were ordered to 
leave the building. Career Center 
Director Neil Murray and Chief 
Anderson both informed the 
group that their continued 
presence was in violation of 
University regualtions. The 
twenry students conti nued to 
sing, sitting in a circle on the 
floor, anns linked together. One 
by one they were removed from 
the lobby to a back room , and 
eventually cast out onto the 
cement patio on the east side of 

the building. 
OutSide, in the midst of about 

50 supporters. detractors and 
media , an imprompru- debate 
took place between Dr. Watson , 
the students and political science 
professor Peter Irons. 

that we 're willing to negotiate ." 
said demonstrator Monte Rosen. 

"\'m not so sure they (the 
demands) could be met: 
concluded Watson . 

for the drum. 
Every time you don't write to 

your congressman, don't vote, 
these people (U.s, government 
officials and UC Regents) make a 
decision without you, We are 
part of a new majority, as Jesse 
Jackson said, 'We do care ... · said 
Cronin. 

During the confrontation, a 
demonstrator asked Watson why 
the outcome of the military 
recruitment referenda was 
ignored by the administration 
and the AS. 'The referenda are 
advisory to us. The operative 
word is advise ," Watson said . 

The group returned the next 
day (Friday) to continue 
protesting. This time the 
protestors peacefully left the 
building at 4:30 pm. ·We (the students) need a 

massive education. It's easy to 
forget that the world's on fire . 
From taking responsibility, we 
can join groups and make a 
difference," said Yareli 

The students need "some kind 
of policy where range 
adjustments can be made and 
wages can't be cut," Goren said. 

President Gardner adopted 
Levin's proposal. to remain in 
effect until a new policy can be 
drafted with student input. UCSA 
considers this gesture to be "an 
empty one and we expect, as 
past events have shown , that our 
input will be ignored ," Eric 

"All we're asking for is respect 
for students and student 
mandates. The bottom line is 

Around ) pm, ho~ver. there 
was a confrontation when Police 
Chief Anderson refused to allow 
Arnold Schonberg to take his 
conga drum into the lobby, 
stating that it was a violation and 
was "disrupting" as he and 
Schonbell!. continued to struggle 

Arizmendi , from MEChA ~ 
Nonie Ganaltis contributrd to 

this story. Weiss said. ~ 

(~onI, H)Rk:h Tropp. Hf!nry ChM'Ig. Rick Frey, (back (·I),JosnJa "Jostf1" Parke'. TOdd C~. 0-~, 
~ "/'vl(jf!" Mc~e'. C~ .. 'Mtte" Anderson. Joseph ".Josf:phine" PUrtell. Mark "Mar~" RoUSSMJ. 
.Je" lleo. 8111 TiIIIm. StickrTwl "ChI!ap ShoI:" PI!I:~, 

au IZICIIIIG 
010 ........ _ Annu .. e •• I11 ............ dlilJJ h .... .... 

lhe Intramural department hOsted one of It s more unique events this last week-
end. The event was the 5th Amual callbna Roor Hodcey invitational tournament. 
lhe tOUrNtnerlt ~atures teams representing universities from all (N« Cillforria. 

lhlsyeowUCSDwas the defending cNmpion. ~t)'Nf's teamG1ptaln OIde & Hs 
Se~ represented UCSO and was our first champion. No one had ~ In the 
history of the event repeaed Of had even won the tourNment twice. So hislDlY 
dieuted a new ctlampIon would be aownt!d in 1986. 

Our 1986 UCSO representatllle was out to make sure history would not repeat 
Itself. captain HenlY Chang's BMtzkrieg team was a team filled with as rructl talent as 

lI'J~ to play in the tournam«llAfter taug, victories (N« UC 0IIIIs and UC Santa 
Barbara they met perennial powoer cal ~ Nortt1rIdge. These guys are like the 
Edmonton oilers. They neIIe' lose. A toug, game was !!1 hind ror~Bllakrieg. But 
Blitzkrieg did UCSO proud ~ playing a tremen<tlu: Ina! game and beatng 
NorttYldge 3-2 In the final. Hurr~ br the home teaml he first school to win the 
prestigious title two times. Congrats guys on a (;REAl ctoryl 

~ ROBERT'S Q' ~~ BMW, VW, AUDI EudJ 
VOLVO, SAAB ' , _ ~ 

German &. Swedi8h Car Speciali8t 
All work /uUy guaranteed. Factory· Trained SPecialist 

Monday.Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

~ 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 275 .. 1132 II_=' (l-5 to Balboa Exit) 

IWIIC- San Diego, CA. 92109 
___ CIa 

* We use and recommelld K~ndall ' Lubricants to our customers * 

----------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

*(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(Not valid with any other coupon) 
'Expires 6/ 1/ 86 

The home of the MCl)Olrl1ldm &{fOli. 
I \ 39¢ hamburger 

l L,I' L....--:.:-i;'J 
\J \,u.f" ,\I<·'"rJ 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~--------------------~ _ ---ALLAMERICANMEAL--- ~ ~ Quarter Pounder 8 with Cheese or Big Ml!c ®, . II Large Fry, Medium Size Soft Drink L .uh ,.1 ... I 1~ I I <tn, II 
II L' , ' J t $1 99 11 II 1m It one coupon per US II customer. per visit. Please \ . • II presc:nt coupon when , (plu~ tax) II 
II ordering. Not valid with any Only at: II 
II orher offer. ' 7 140 Miramar RJ . II 

~ Good rhru San DiCK" d 
~-::~:---------------~ 

-. 

_. 



\ 
I • 

., 

• 

: 

/;n\\~~(~) ) 
o 0(--=( ~:~~( ~»)I DJ 

Elections Update!!! 
Public Disclaimer 
The follOwing student will appear on the ballot, 
yet publically declares his NON-candidacy: 
Roben Smith, Commissioner of Programming. 

ASUCSD Spring Elections for AS 
positions and numerous referendum 
questions are: 

Tuesday, April 29 8:30 am to 7 pm 
Wednesday~ April 30 8:30 am to 4:30 pm 

VOTING AT GYM STEPS ONLY!!! 
Current validated UCSD ID needed 

Attn: All Third College students 
Applications are now being accepted for the 

follOwing leadership pOSitions: Student Advocate 
Rep, Parking Advisory Rep, Student Health Rep, 
Bookstore AdVisory Rep, AS Judicial Board, 
Resident Life Rep, Commuter Reps for College 
Programming Board, Third College Judicial 
Board, and others. Applications are due 
Wednesday, May 14 at noon and there will be an 
evening group interview on May 14. The final 
in terviews will be conducted on Saturday, May 
17. Open ·committee sign ups are also available 
which include MRC, Orientation, Big 
Brother/ Big Sister program and more. Get 
involved now! 

Live at the Triton Pub this week 
ComedyNite 

Tuesday, April 29 at 9 pm 
Staring: Kevin Pollack 

(regular on "Comedy Break") 
Peter Sprague - Jazz 
Friday, May 2 at 4:30 pm 

Entenainment and more every week at the 
Pub in the Student Center. 

Upcoming midterms got you down? 
bon't fret! AS Lecture Notes Service can rescue 

you from stressful long hours filled with studying 
unorganized lecture notes. The classes we offer 
are listed outside our office door located across 
from the Food Coop. M F 10-4. 

FREE FREE FREE 

ASUCSD Project 
Safe Ride 

Don't take a chance! 
Let us drive you home, call Orange 
Cab 291-3333 Friday and Saturday 
May 2, 3 and 9, 10. 5 pm to 4 am. 

Free Free 
UCSD ID Required. 

Wanted: ASIO directors for 1986-87 
Five paid directors positions at ASIO will be 

available for the coming academic year: 
Executive, San Diego, National, Public Relations 
and Development. A great opponunity to get 
hands-on managerial experience, make contacts 
with businesses and organizations, have fun and 
improve your business skills. All interested 
students should come to the meeting on 
Wednesday, April 30 from 6-7 pm in the Revelle 
Infonnal Lounge. For more info, check the job 
board at Career Services Center or call or stop by 
ASIO. 452-4689. 

We Have 2 4 U 
Sexual health programs, that is. The Health 

Center and Student Health Advocates present 2 
progra~s to meet your sexual health needs. If you 
need BIrth Control, come to a Binh Control 
Information Session Mondays 2-3 and Tuesdays 
and Wednesdays noon-I. If you want the best 
infonnation around on Pelvic Exams and Sexual 
Health, come to the Well Woman Session 
Thursdays noon-I. Both are held in the upstairs 
lounge at the Student Health Service. For more 
infonnation call 452-2180. 

International Fireside Lecture 
U.s.-Japanese Economic Relations. Tun-Jen 

Cheng speaking. Mr. Cheng is a visiting lecturer 
in the dept. of Political Science. He is a fonner 
research fellow at the Brookings Institution. 
Wednesday, April 30, 7 pm. All discussions held 
in the International Center Lounge. . 

Black Science Student Organization 
BSSO is ha ng its elections! All members 

and interestt f studen ts please attend. 
Of L} I • il at 6 pm in HS 2321. 

Grand Opening 
A.S. GROVE CAFFE 

May 15, 1986 
Jobs now available - hiring soon! Go to 
Career Center Job Board for further info and a 
job referral. 
Revel(le) in the renaissance Faire 

Looking for something different to do this 
weekend? Experience the excitement and 
pageanny of Elizabethan England at UCSD's 
Revelle College Renaissance Faire on Sunday, 
May 4 from 11 am to 4 pm.Just a few of the Faire's 
offerings - tournament fighting by the Society 
for Creative Anachronism and a Royal Procession 
by Her Majesty the Queen and Her Coun. Come 
in costume and join in the fun. 

Women's Levi's are C)tl 
Sale at the 

General Store 

UCSD Political Film Series 
"The Man from Mainsinicu" starring Sergio 

Corrieri (from Memories of Underdevelopment) 
in the tide role, this is a political thriller which 
blends mystery and adventure in its treatment of 
espionage and counter-intelligence activity 
during the early years of the Cuban Revolution. 
Spanish with English subtides. Friday, May 2 at 7 
pm in TLH 107. FREE. 

Science vs. Religion 
Is the war between Science and Religion over? 

Lucia Hall, Bio-chemist and prominent humanist 
will examine whether the conflict between 
science and religion can ever be reconciled. 
Thursday, May 1 at 7:30 pm. Contact James 453-
9831 for more information. Sponsored by 
rationalists at UCSD. 

.. , 

Gay/Lesbian Awareness Week 
May 5 to May 10 

This week of awareness is intended to facilitate 
communication between gays and non-gays and to 
create a feeling of community for gays and lesbians. 

[IT1'v1 presents 
Woody Allen's 

God &, Death 
T \\'0 One Act Plavs , 

fncb; . ~Lly 2 at Stlmehenge at 7 rm. 
("lturlLlY ,md Sunday. ,n -+09S on \\'arren 
C,Hnpu:, ,It ~ rm Ticket price IS S3 .00 

Attn: Korean Club Members 
We are having a very important meeting THIS 

WEDNESDAY at P&L 110 at 7 pm. It's "Election 
Day" for next term. Be there! 

Dr. Robert McMee Brown 
Dr. Brown will be available to talk about religion 

and the role of dissent, Nicaragua and any other 
topics which may be brought up. The special student 
colloqUium will be held Thursday, May 1 from 3-4 
pm in Revelle Fonnal Lounge. Refreshments will be 
seIVed at no cost. Presented by Burke Lectureship. 

Join the Pre-Optometry Club 
The Pre-Optomeny Club will be meeting at 6 

pm in the Multi-purpose room on Tuesday. All . 
interested are welcome. 

UCSD Water Ski Club 
UCSD Water Ski Club meets every Sunday 8:30 

am-II :30 am at the Mission Bay Aquatic Center 
(488-1036). $10.00 dues covers both spring and 
summer, $8.00 to ski each day (3 runs). Call MBAC 
to sign up in advance (by Thursday). Show up and 
shread. For more infonnation callJess at 275-2492. 

Is school getting you down? 
If you answered this question with a yes, then 

mark your calendar on May 9th, to come out to [he 
Sun God Festival for a fun day of games and great 
food. And of course, back by popular demand, 
EMSSA will be selling delicious pizza at the Festival 
for all you pizza eaters. See ya there. 

-



20 Monday. April 28. 1986 

Classified advertising space Is 
sold In IOO-character 
Increments. Each letter, 
punctuation mark and space 
between words Is considered 
a charaaer, with capital letters 
counting as two characters. 
The rate per lOOcharaaers Is 51 
for students, 53 for faculty and 

~", and 54 for others. 
Payment In advance Is 
required; therefore, ads must 
be mailed wtth a check 'made 
out to The UCSO Guardian' or 
presented In person. 
Deadlines are 4 pm Tuesday 
for Thursday's paper, 4 pm 
Friday for Monday's paper. 
For more Information call 452-
3466. The Guardian, UCSD, 8-
016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

Announcements 

i\yN RAND readers and students of 
~eaMsm meeting Sundays 11 am - 2 pm 
Home SMngs of America. 4311l.1 Jojla Village 

Dr~. U'llversity Towne Centre. (6/5) 

Earn S5O(}S2200 mo. prt-tm. S50(X}-s10.000"1-
tm. Make yoor own tnl Call nowl Eric at 7550 
3976. (6/5) 

Jrs. Srs. Grads: ~ for VIsa/ Mastercard + 
other cards and receive free gilt. apply this ~ 
tom ~5 in front of Bookstore. No job req- High 
accept,"e rate. (4/31) 

Earn S5O(}S2200 mo. prt-tm. S5O()().SI0.000"1-
tm Make yoor own tnl Call nowl Eric at 7550 
3976. (6/5) 

Scripps tour -Tuesday t'.pril 2911:45-2:00. Sigl 
ups in the cornrruter lounge. Includes kJnctl arlCI 
anyone is weiromed topn. (4/ 28) 

Does stu<¥ng in Australi a entICe yoo 7 ConsIder 
a year "cbwn under" with t.x:·s own EckJcation 
Abroad Program Application deadline Friday. 
May 16. Contact the International Center. 452-
3730 tlr more info. (5/12) 

REVELlE COMMUTERS - come to the 
comrruter breakfast Wednesd~. AprIl 30 from 
7:30-9:30 il the Commuter lounge. We have a 
new menu. and our price is still the same - 50¢ 
- all you can eat. (4/28) 

Stanley Kaplan prep course good tor all 'Tad 
exams auctio~ orr ~ f't..EA Wed. AprI l 30 
l2pm at the gym (4/28) 

Free money7 Every year thousands of 
sdlolarshps and grants g:J un;MIarded. You can 
become part of the hunaed5 with a free 
eO.Jcation. For more into send a WE to JC 
Data. PO Box 383. Lemon Grove. CA 92045. 
(4/28) 

.. t.-aw TD.n .... , 
PREMAE FOR: 

LSAT 
• TESlN·TAPE' LIBRARY 
• REINFORCEMENT TESTS 
• HOME STUDY PACKET 

ClASSES ON CAMPUS 
4780 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd. 
Son Diego. CA 92117-2006 

(619) 277-6744 
MAAY McNULTY . .ADminIstrator 

Personals 
G'day Matel Do you get along wejl with 
karlga'oos and koalas7 Consider stu<¥ng in 
Australia tor 1987. ApplIcation deactine Friday. 
May 16. Come IJf the ilternatlonal Center for 
more Info. 452-3730. (5/12) 

WE WANT YOU to ~ one of the GREAT 
INTERNSHIPS we can proIIidel ThI! Academic 
Internship Pro!Tam Is stiM pladng studl!nt for 
this surnrner. Get more than atanlAPPl Y NOW. 
406 \K. (5/1) 

HUM\N RESOURCES MMlAGEMENT --
ORGANIZATIONAl DEVELOPMENT ARE 
TWO "HOr AREAS FOR PSYCH STUDENTS 
AND WE ~VE INTERNSHIPS FOR STUDENTS 
IJVHO CAN WRITE. ANAJ..Y1£, COMMUNI-
CATE. TOPSKIUSAMUST. 406WC--AIP-
NOW (5/1) 

4/30 l.awrerlce Keith - Happy 21stl Hope)'OO 
MIe a GREAT birt~. I'm ttinldng about ya 
- and I 1ove)'OO I T.M . (4/28/ 

Pre-laIN will auction olf prep course tlr L.Y. T. 
MCA T. GMAT. etc. .. Wed noon on ~ steps. 
(4/28) 

SO YOU DON'T LIVE IN ESCONDIDO ... You 
can still ""ern for arTj Assembly/Conges 
person or Senator we ~ listed. Not to 
mention County SupeMsors, Oty Council 

peop~ ..,d other peop~. AlP 406 \K Tcxy\ Y. 
(5/1) 

Is yoor rOOlMlate a 010<7 or a Tom or SaI~71t 
doesn't matter. Bring their name. a good reason 
and S250 to ~'s Delta cIas.s booth on the 
plaza and we'II tlTOIN a pie in their face for you. 
(4/23) 

Maris<! - Thanks for caring. You' re more than 
my bet friend. and I'll a/wilfS Ioofe yoo, even If I 
can't keep up ... ~. Todd. (4/28) 

Competition and fun-make Greek Week 19861 
8evIare of the Alphas in full torcel ~es to allIlI 
(4/28/ 

WOMEN in g:JIIe"nment. MEN in g.:MI'rYnerlc. 
ANYBODY in goyerrment7 SOMEBODY il 
goverrmentl If you are interested in being 
someboOy in g:JIIe"nmer1C. start here. Academic 
Internship Progam 406 WC. (5/ 1/ 

To all Greeks - Get psyched tor the best Greek 
wedc: everlll - KKG (4/28) 

Pan - don't disappear into the forest anymore. 
Perhaps the peop~ will restore their faith if)'OO 
update )'OOr look. Meet me at the lJniversity 
Bookstore for 20% olf All.dothing in the supp~ 
depatment .... AIobar. (4/28) 

PO-n-nx 4 the wonderful 6 mos. I pr~ 4 6-6 
more. U R a special person In my tife. I love you 
always. M. (4/28) 

Dear Ed: Hope things are looking up on your 
birthdayl You're aIw¥ in my heart. Love. 
Murty. (4/28) 

ReYelle students: Reelect .Jennifer Schreiber. 
Matt Engler. Stefan Loren. Mitdl Sh.J1tz, Pam 
Lawson for ReYelle College Council on April 29 
& 30. (4/ 28) 

To all the Sammies you did a gre. job on the 
Charter Ball. You're the best Love Dawn. (4/28) 

3¢ XEROX COPIES 
WITH STUDENT lD 

We take 
the hassle out-

• Postal Mailbox Rentals. 
Open 24 hrs. 

• Parcel Shipping . 
Fed . Express, UPS. Purolator 
• Mailing Materials e 

• Audio Cassette Dupinge 
• Passport Photos • 

3368 Governor Dr. #F 
n"%' 1<1 ,h,' Pm' Ofl<.. 
an ,h.., B.~ /LJ, C. ... 'l'T 

(619) 457 .. 1072 
Mon.,Fn 8 am,7 pm 

at. 8 am..() pm 

.Joe. we are going on 3 weeks without a talk In 
the car. Am I still predictable? I ttink things are 
gling great. how bout yoo 7 P.S. - Hope you 
don't get housklgl Just kidding. Love ya 00-

wen~. (4/281 

PRE-LAW STlDENTS CAN DO MORE THAf\.I 
VEGETATE ON THE BEACH. ETC. Yes. 
amazing but true. we MIe some pretty exdti1g 
internships AND a fawlty acMsor. See a new 
part of carJllUs-the AlP 406 '.K:. (5/1) 

Services 
nP1NG,I\XtORD PROCESSING - For all your 
typing needs call Barbara at 58Hl888. Rush 
jobs accepted. (4/28) 

WORD PROCESSING: Fast seMce. SI. 75/page. 
ColnllUS pldcup/de/~. ~ t.1urence. 222-
2345. (6/61 

\XA:)rd Processing: Proflesslonal. 7~ wk. exc. 
English skills. Student r.es. 75502683. (5/1) 

Typing: 17 yrs ~ience. Dissertations. theses. 
tectnicaI. sdentlnc. equations. Eileen 27~ 
3827. (6/5) 

Typlng.l\Xtbrd Proc - letters manusalpts. 
thesis. term papers - d¥. evenings. 
weekends. 24-hour tUffiil'ound tor mast 
RNsonabIe. No extra charge for rushjobs. Call 
282-2206. (4/28) 

Word procesing/fast, accurate. reliabie 
cafIlXJs pidcup/del~. Cheryf-Mesa Apts. 
457-2188 eYeS til 9. (6/5) 

WOrd Processing ~ former English teacher. 
Pick-up & deI~. Low rates. Jane. 457-1863. 
(4/28) 

WOrd processing - on ~. aflbrdable. 
fast Located In rlOga Hall H31 or call 45509709. 
(5/1) 

Is your roommate a 010<7 or a Tom or SaI~71t 
doesn't matter. Bring their name, a good reason 
and S250 to Y\E's Delta Class booth on the 
piau andwe'lI ttrow a pie In their face for you 111 
(4/28) 

WORD PROCESSING. Profesional. 7-<»i wi<. 
exc. English skllls. student rates. 75502683. 
(6/5) 

Hourly PC rental-Rent IBM CD~bIe IJf the 
hour in Quiet, comfortable envlroment. 
Discount for rrultl-hour time blocks or full day 
rental. Hytech specialties. Mir..nar Rd. 54~ 
9775 b appointment. (4/28) 

TRAFFIC CL,A.SSES: Court approved. Torrey 
Pines Inn. U.T.C.. Mission Valley. for 
registration. 296-0233. (4/28) 

Autobo~ repair ..,d painting: Rust repairs. 
welding. and llberglass work. Acees to hard-
to-lind parts. Experienced-references. 454-
5590. lealle message. (5/1/ 

For Sale 
Competition waterski: O'Brien world team i. 
plate binding good condtlon what a buy S200 
w/case. 45500953. (4/28) 

VOWNTEERS 
NEmm fOR 

MENSTRUATION 
STUDY 

Deplftmmt of 
Reproductlue Medicine. UCSD 

Regularly menstruating 
nonathletes as well as 
menstruating and nonmenstru-
atlng athletts ages 18 to 32 years 
are needed. Volunteers must not 
be smokers and must not be using 
oral contraceptives. Athletes 
must be ruMlng 40 milts per 
week or the equivalent of 
swimming or cycling. 

This study Includes blood 
sampling and chemical 
stimulation of hormone release. 
Volunteers receive payment and 
results of body composition, 
aerobic capacity, nutrition. and 
honnone analyses. 

If Interested, call Anne Loucks. 
Ph ,D: 294 -5869 . Ask for 
Infonnatlon on MfOO Study. 

In dire nnandal straits. and must sell ASAP. 
Schwinn World 10 speed. ~ke new. SI75 obo. 
Component stereo system Tecmics turnable. 
NC receiver & Hitachi ~. Must hear to 
appreciate S3OO. Call 457- 1281. (5/1) 

Computer supplies call Grob NetloWl'k Ribbons 
~ Okldata Epson Apple clskettes paper 457-
0216. (5/81 

For Sale. Marshall scm guitar arIl>. 1980 lead 
model $150. 457- 9696. (5/1) 

Honda M85 motorcycle. excellent rondition 
fleat buy tor S250 call 25~0340. 14/281 

1980 Honda 500 Custom Helmets. tank pack. 
radcjbackresc. more. S550 000. Alter 6 pm. 
587-1392 (4/28) 

1978 Honda EL Enduro good condtion on~ 
66.000 miles a steal at S3OO.00 fleat 
triWlSpOrtation for comrrucer students call 581-
1582 ask for Tom. 

. 75 Slh/er Convertible Corvette rare low mileage 
security syst SII.OOO ex best offer Daniel~ 45&-
0721. (5/1) 

Cheap bikes II COfTllIetely recondt~1 
RepaIrs and tune-ups too. 481-6784. (5/1) 

Sansui stereo system. receiver. tape deck. 
spealcers. Lent condo paid S600 sell for S325 

22~3934. 294-8676. (4/28) 

Piano. beautiful antique upright 'Tand (1919 
Storey & Clark). solid oak & birdseye maple. 
S550. j.., 452-3466 days; 696-8066 eves. (5/1) 

ACT NOWlDiskettes bulk 5-\4"05/00. 49Cea. 
lots 01 SO. These are not seconds. Money back 
guarantee. r\b QUestions asked. call MEl. I-

~6*3478. ~9 Est M-F; 1(}6 Sat. Offer 
expires 5/29/86. (4/28) 

Lost a Found 
Car: keys with .Jesus kM!s )'OU ~ather key chain. 
Found on North Torrey Pines SUnday morning. 
call to daim 452-0257. (4/28) 

Help Wanted 
Needed immediately: Phone pros as weil as 
beginners tor our new Solana Beach office. 
Convenient location. excellent working 
rondltions pkJs "exible schedules for aU 
students. No selling. S5/tT. guaranteed plus 

dai~ & weekly bonuses. Should _age $&S12 
hour. Call 75508257. (5/12) 

NEED CASH7 S500/I.OOO stuffing enIIe/opesl 
Guaranteedl Rush stamped addressed 
envelope - McManus Enterprizes, 80x 
1458/TG. Springfield. OR 97277. (5/5) 
Helpl CkJtterer needs organizing helper w/ 
sense of humor to declutter & organize. Flex tn. 
581-0654. (4/28) 

Can you wIgg~ your ears 7 Su~ needed in 
brain-wave/hearing experiment. Pay is 
S4.oojhour for one four-hour session. call Dr. 
Hadeie)' at 452-3797. 14/281 
Sales: earn up to SIOOC no e!pI!I'lence necessary. 

~ concept in seminars. Make money on soap 
oper. Call 94+1000. (4/28) 

Summer jobs in mair'l. reqx. data entry, 
promotions, & instructional position. iMlil. at 
Mission Bay Aq.Jatic Center. Priority eligibility 
for under 21 arlCI self-supporting. ~ at 
MBAC 1001 Santa Clara Pt 48& 1036. "PP'Y ~ 
5/11. (5/1) 
MS8asic proflammer. Part time IIexlble hours 
on Commodore 64 sCIence/engineering 
backflound 75~1324. (4/281 

There are 500.000 millionaires in the lM. 20% 
made their fortune through multilevel 
marketing within the last 6 yearsl Brand new 
record breaking rorp. with nobel prize winning 
scientists & a Wlmblemn ~ backlng it 
offers you this same opportUnity. For more 
information call DavId 546-0232 (5/8) 

Cahllenge yourself this sunrner as a counselor 
at .Jameson Randl Carll>. Need matUfe peop~ 
to work with dllki'en in a rustle mountain 
setting who ~ skills -i.e .. horseback riclng. 
horse vaulting. rock dlrnbing. WSI. Cooits also 
needed. Write or call .Jameson RMlch CafT1), 

GIenrMI~. CA 93226/18(5)536-8888. (5/12) 

Wanted 
ARE YOU OVERWEIGHn Wanted: 25 people 
to lose welg't.. Herball~ 100'II. guaranteed 
~~I 97'1(, keep weight om FDA approved. 
inecpens~ and ruritJousl Call nowl Eric at 
755-3976. (6/5/ 

Profesional rouple seeks 4 bam house to ~ase 
year-round 29&-7239. (5/8/ 

REVELlE COMMUTERS - The CDITlI'ruter 
breakfast is here agian. but rrudl better thiwl 
before. Come try our new menu • the 
Commuter Lounge W~. April 30. tom 
7:3(}9:30. You'" real~ be In for a treal (4/28) 

wanted: SOmeone with good typing skills and 
knowledge of CA IT word processor to help me 
CDrIlJIete my thesis by 'Tacilation day. Good 
pitj. Negotiable. Call Patty 452-6562 or 452-
2713. Keep trying. (4/28/ 

Housing 
OJiet. serious. easy-going student seeks 
housing near campus. Own roomjbath in 
apt,lhouse. Rent S2O(}S3OO. Move In ~. Call 
or write DavId - 444 3 Carnlnito Cnstallno. SO 
92117 #27(}Q046. (5/1) 

1\ conct> for surrmer - 3 Ig barns. 2 bath. 
Huge kitchen. spac. Mlg rm Pool. jacUz. I() IS 
min. walk to UCSO. 457-4278. (6/5) 

LA.JOU-" DEL SUR S SS S250.00 rebate S460.oo 
& up. OFFERING ·Small Studios· l.1rge 
studios· .x. I br·I8R·l.1rgeIBR·NexttoWlndn 
Sea' New~ Carpeted· New Appliances· 
VIews· ~~ lardaped 310. 330. 340 ~ 
del Sur. l.1 .Jolla. See Mgr. 330 #11 45~6690 
(5/15) 

Roommate wanted Del Mar conct>. Own 
roomjbath. FOOl • .JacuzzI. lamay. Close to 
freewoYj. S35O/month. Call Brian a 292-8860. 
(4/28) 

Female roommate wanted to share a beautiful 
apt. in Del Mar 2nd story wjvievv of beach. I 
!tack from Roberto·s. own room ..,d bath. S350 
per mth. Doris 25~8317. (4/28) 

Wanted: Roomm.e to share 2 bed"oom conct> 
In SOlana Beach w/3 UCSO students. S237 a 
month + \4 utilitles. Incl. pool; jacuzZi; tennis; 
beach. Call Hal 481-7958. (4/28) 

Room for quiet nonsmoker. Fast access medical 
ar /UCSD. OUiet. S275 + dep + ~ util. FOOl spa 
stu~/mtg rm. 581-0654. (4/28) 

Wanted: Two roonYnates (fenale or male) to 
share room In Del Mar (one block tom beach) 

FOO~ stereo. color TV. m1aOWalie. S235 a 
month plus 1/3 utilities. No smokers p~ase. call 
Greg 75503282 (5/5) 

Female rmmt to share 3bd/1X twrltm-Fashlon 
VI~. Own bd/btMurn opt A:x>I. jacuzZI. 
tennis. 350 + 1/3 utilities availS/I Call Tobee or 
Kelli at 571-0269. (4/28) 

Mature women seeks roommate for house il 
Olde Del Mar 350.00 Inc util. Call 75508104. 
Avail 5/1/86. (5/1) 

Roommate w..,ted: I\vailable I"CW S225/mo + 
Vl utilities + deposit. Male or remaIe n0n-
smoker. no pets. Big house. Clairemont area. 9 
mi. from sct1ool. Call evenings 26& 3300. (4/28) 

Del Mar Large pvt beaoom in a condo w/3 
students. Oce.., IIU 2 blks to Beach (pic. laun<iy 
nice atmosphere. S315/mo last, dep. 481-9987. 
(5/1) 

Roonvnates wanted: for sunrner '86 to share 
master bed'oom. Gilman Dr. l.1 .Jolla. Call 
Brian/Ame 457-4419. (4/28) 

Have you ever wondered exactly 
where your money goes? 

At the Che Cafe, we are student run 
and together we make the decisions on 

how we want our restaurant to be. 
This job i exciting and challenging. 

Come see how we work, and how you can work 
with us as a coop member. It's fun , 
- All You Can Eat -

Wed., April 30 5·7 pm $3.50 
VEGETABLE TIR FRY & Mi 0 Soup 


