
eNational champsI 
e women's H2O-polo 

slides past Slippety 
win the 

Champion-

eSoaring, soaring 
The Guardian sent a reponer up 
about 2,500 feete with a member 
of UCSD's Soaring Club. 

PageS 

eSchachne wins 
AS Programming 
Commissioner is 
elected; opponent 
violates posting rules. 

Page 2 

-- - .., 



2 MOil day, May 12, 1986 
NEWS 

UCSD Life Flight 
copter crashes 

A UCSD Life Flight helicopter 
crashed on northbound Interstate 
5 early Friday morning, injuring 
the pilot, Dave Patrick. 

The accident, which destroyed 
the $1 mill ion hel icopter, was 
the first since Life Flight servIce 
began at UC::SD Medical Center 
in March 1980. 

The medical evacuation 
helicopter, one of three used by 
the Life Flight program, crashed 
into the freeway near the 
Genessee Avenue exit at 3:10 am, 
hortly after taking off from 

Scripps Memorial Hospital. The 
helicopter was beginning a 
return trip to UCSD Medical 
Center after transferring an 
unconscious woman from Tri-
City Hospital in Oceanside. ~ 

Passengers Dr. Phil Mathis and , 
nurse Anne Yorkoski were also 
aboard the helicopter but were 
not seriously injured. 

life Right officials said Friday 
they would not speculate on the 
accident's cause before the 
outcome of a federal 
investigation schedule to begin 
today. 

Student-prof relations 
O.K'd for UC 

A move to ban any University 
of California faculty member 
from "engaging in a romaric or 
sexual relationship with a 
student under ci rcumstances 
which compromise student- • 
faculty relationships" failed to 
pass in the nine-campus 
Assembly of the UC Faculty 
Senate, after several professors 
argued that it would be 
.mpractical. "Romance is not 
equa,1 to sexual harassment," said 
Ramon J. Rhine, a psychology 
professor at UC Riverside. "It's 

BLOOM COUNTY 

possible to have a romantic 
relationship without harassment.:' 

UCSD sponsors free 
health and fi tness fair 

The UCSD Health Center will 
sponsor a Health and Fitness 
Fair on Wednesday, May 14. 

The fair will provide free 
sevices to students includmg: a 
cardiac fitness profile, Tay-Sachs 
Disease testing (blood test) and 
various other health diagnostics. 

Expert claims gas 
prices will increase 

The steady decline of retail 
gasoline prices since December 
is bottoming out, and a moderate 
rise is likely to occur over the 
summer months, oil industry 
analyst Dan Lundberg said 
Sunday. 

There was no interruption in 
the retail decline this past week, 
but Lundberg's bi-weekly survey 
of 15,000 gasoline stations 
showed the overall price of 
gasoline was 89.9 cents per 
gallon, a smaU drop of 0.11 cents 
since April 1l. 

The retail plunge began last 
December when the overall price 
was $1.2145 per gallon. Since 
then the price has lost 31.5 
cents. 

UC minority students 
granted stipends 

Twenty outstanding women 
and minority scholars have been 
named as fellows in a special 
University of California 
program which provides them 
with stipends for a year's 
postdoctoral study on a uc 
campus. 

The President's Fellowship 
Program is aimed at increasing 
the number of women and 

minority faculty members. 
Preference is given to disciplines 
in which they are seriously 
underrepresented, such as math , 
engineering, computer science 
and the physical and life 
sciences. 

"These 20 are really the top 
people of an outstandi •• g group 
of applicants," said Program 
:oordinator Doris Fi ne . 

UC.SD students Susan Han 
and Margaret McFall-Ngai wele 
among the 20 students awarded 
grants. 

Joel Schachne, 
UCSD programmer 

In a meeting early Thursday 
morning, the Elections 
committee decided unanimously 
that Chris Moore, a candidate for 
programming commissioner, was 
guilty of a posting violation. 

Moore had posted a campaign 
. sign on the "Welcome to UCSD" 

on North Torrey Pines road . 
He was found in violation of 

the University of California 
Policies and UC San Diego 
Campus Regulations sec 51.12, 
prohibiting "theft of, conversion 
of, or damage to ... any property 
of the University. 

The elections comminee, found 
that Moore's action did not 
involve sufficient severity to 
warrant any disciplinary 
acrion. 

The issue will be referred to 
the defendant's Dean for any 
action considered necessarY. 

In the run-off elction results 
released last Thursday, Joel 
Schachne, Moore's opponent, 
won with 62.5 percent of the 
vote. 

Berkeley riot video 
screens on Tuesday 

The Anti-War Action 
Committee and the Women's 
Resource Center will jointly 
sponsor the shOwing of a video 
of the Berkeley Anti-Apartheid 
riot that occured in early April. 

The video will be shown on 
Tuesday evening at 8 pm in 
AP&:M 2113. 

-Antigone Ganakis 

b Berke Breathed 
-------

r------...&.~ 

IKJW AiJQ(IT S€frfN6 1181 ON 
"seuCTlWlY PI/IIfII(£ fJ1Hfi.€ 
NC/PING I/IJ. CMf..IIN C/l5(JI/lTl€~ 
IWP ~p /IItrH CIf(£~fI)(. 

~ fPl 6f.€Nnllt. 
WE5mcN 

IIUIt~ ' . 
./ 

Ii'fIIa &'. .. 10 r:,o 
~1J*v 
H~ 6(¥ fI!HK!. 

I ~ 
I 

New system-wide 
• SCIence program 

By EMMA-LEE CAPRIO, Slaff Write/' 
A Biotechnology Research and Educatio!1 Program for graduate 

students and postdoctoral researchers has been established by the 
University o( California for aU of its mne campuses. 

The program will have information available not only to private 
biotechnology industries, but also to the public. "(It) will provide a 
channel of communication with government, industry and other 
important public constituencies regarding issues vital to 
biotechnology in California: according to a report from the 
executive committee of the progam. 

"This is an exciting new field for society, promising great 
advances in medicine and agriculture ," Dr. Donald Helinski , 
director of the Center for Molecular Genetics, said . 

"The state recognizes the need for trained individuals in this area 
to provide for the necessalY man- and woman-power in 
biOtechnology in California," he added. 

The $1.5 million per year of state funding for the biotechnology 
program is divided among specific areas of study at the nine UC 
campuses. 

The UCSD program focuses on "the study of the basic 
mechanisms that underlie th~ onset of cancer in cells," along with 
the use of DNA for attempted gene therapy, according to 
information released by the Office of the President of the University 
of California. 

Each year the state awards grant money to particular programs 
which hold great promise in the field of molecular biology, 
including biOtechnology. "Our campus has the distinction of being 
the only cmapus to win one of these awards two years running," 
Helinski said. 

Last year, Dr. Richard Fine! won the award for his studyof cancer 
cells in animals. This year's award went to Dr. Martin Chrispeels, fo r 
a "biotechnology training progra'm that basically involves the 
genetic engineering of plantS ," Helinski said . 

The Center for Molecular Genetics, planned to be located near 
the biomedical library on the UCSD campus, is expected to be 
completed in February 1987 according to Helinski. 

"The center is to serve as a resource center for molecular biology 
and molecular genetics. It will train individuals to do gene scans 
and protein scans." 

The first floor of the center will be for diagnostics and hereditalY 
diseases. Scientists working in these fields will be "developing 
vectors or delivelY systems for putting good genes into individuals . 
who have defective genes which cause hereditary diseases like 
cystiC fibrosis and Alzheimer's disease." 

The center was designed with four distinct areas of 
concentration : 1) developmental biology, a study of how ' 
multicellular organiSms develop; 2) human heredity and gene 
therapy; 3) plant molecular biology and genetic engineering; and 4) 
microbiology - how to convert yeast cells or bacteria into factories 
where they produce human insulin , Helinski said . 

The center will be open for all researchers in the molecular 
biology field . ~ 

Editor In Otid' 
Phil Willon 

MaJlIIInI Editor 
Andrew Ketler 
News Edllor 

Niki Newlands 
AIIoci8R Newt Editor 

Suzanne UCson 
OplnioM Edllar 

~u~n Fresh 
Copy E.dltor 

Shelly Simmons 
Fahua Editor 

Ken Furic .. 

Sp_ EdilGr 
John Schacht 

Ana EclIIor 
Alicia .-\gos 

AIIodaIe Ana Edllor 
Scan Wagstaff 
Photo EdilGr 
John Ashltt 

Advenisin& Man.cr 
Jan Hansen 

Grlpbics Man.,a 
Shtndl Diamond 

Conuibutin& Editors: Kathy Becken. Gus Santoyo, Eva Wong, Antigone C~malds 
Senior Staff Wrilcrs: Matthew j . Cronm, Mall Lau 
Sacramento Correspondent: Manko Takayaso 
Staff Wriltrs: Tnsh Brown. Ellen Caprio, Elnma·Lee Capno, Cheryt Canwn"ht, 
Cassaday, Dave Cook, Kathy Garland, Valerie Gulick, Charmaine Ha ravey , Gayle 

Hc.shberg, KannJacobscn, Robert Leone, M.chelle·Shari Moskowitz,john Nee,Sl1elly 
Page, Susan Peters, Anhur Salazar, Anna Severson, john Smgh, Barbara Sobel, Dave 
Tedrow. Daniel Thomas. Daw n WallS 
PhOlographers: Ron Alan , Mark johnson. Dawn Mam.kuOlan , Roger Monroe, Rich 
Pecjal<, Paul Redmond, Tom Sm.th , josh Well 
Graphic Anists: Herald Anuacl . john Ashlee, Ricardo 'Di.u anedo, BradfOi d L 
Dezunek, Quan K,m·Hoang. Bclmda Padrp, Tom Plonka, Gerardo Steeea, jaek.e 
Scmore, Sedn Wagstaff 

~}'OUt Attisls: john Ashlee, Ch.llmaine Itaravey, David Koons. Vesn. Kulaslnov,c, 
N. k, Newlands . john Schacht , David Settles, Sean Wagstaff. Nelson Zamora 
TypeMltas: Lauren Fresh, Ken Fune, Katnna Kohanowleh, Ph.l Lauder, Angg.c Lapld, 
Dan.eI ThomJS 
Advatising Repttsenillive: DeVin Laml! 

11M" lJCjD ( ,UJH.lIJn I!\ pubh~hcJ'~,,,Jd)"'t Am.! rhur~J)'i Jur1nJ( ,h" J .. ..J1.'1lI1l y~.", tty .lnJ hlrrhl ,luJ\.'IlIS I~ 
U<.....,I) KePhx!U\,.U,JorI ur U~llf lh", nc .... spapcl Wllh&)w pcrml'lSi un IS !tHILtI) pruh,bm:J .1~, .. llngI1l .. rC~l·"'1:'lI 
Wl' ;Ate.' nlll m.porulb&e rut Ullwlh .• ,,:J miilnu npts Of jilt. 

Vl\ow .. ();1)ft)o,C", Jo 0\)' h ·p" .. ~·nI lilt' .\plnk)H~ 1)l lh~ Umven,u)' ut C.liltornlJ ur the A»IlI"IJfl'J "iIu4knn. III 
U(.")I) 1 he Lu.uulam II> cUllon.ulo.r.: .. ,klerllltncJ by the LJlhx'rn c..Iud MJn04gln& I dll ... " .... l ..... " L.Jlll'l'l JnJ til( 
0pLnLtXl> I Jllur 

Th~ UCSD Guardian, 8·016 u Jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 02-6580 BusiMss: (6 19) "52-3"66 

The GuardIan 15 Iocalcd ntXl 10 .he he C.1e 

Cover photo by Rich Pecjak 

•• _. -7 

Monday, May 12, 1986 3 
NEWS 

Future facelift for UCSD parking 
By GUSTAVO SANTOYO, Contributing Editor 

THERE WAS a rime when fastest growing ins titutions in the eve n MalY Rose Alexander nation, proposals to help relieve had problems tlYing to the parking problem are part of a 
park her car. major facelift the campus will be 

"I was waiting for this space in undergoing in the next 15 years 
Mandeville ," said Alexander, "and to accomodate the ever-
this person puUed out. There was Increasing UCSD populace. 
another person waiting, but since According to a report by the 
1 had clearly been there first , 1 planning firm of Parsons , 
pulled in to park. The guy who Brinckerhoff, Quade and 
was also waiting got so mad that Douglas, the projected demand is 
he gOt Out of his car and started for over 17,000 spaces of which 
yelling, screaming and swearing almost half would be reserved for 
at me that I had stolen his students. Currently there are 
parking space. I was just velY approximately 9.100 spaces, 
assertive and said, 'No, this is 5,800 of which are for student 
my SPOt,' and walked away. parking. 

"When I came back to my car, Some of the proposals with 
there were beer bottles behind regard to parking are : 
my four tires . I didn't even know - Construction of 
the guy, He was just mad that I three parking 
go t that space and he didn't. I structures (one where 
wasn't eve n that mean . I just the bookstore 
said , 'No, I'm soT!)', but I was presently stands otT 
here first : and he said 'no you of Gilman Drive , one 
weren't, bitch.' Some people are north of Central 
violent and competitive on this Ubrary and the other 
campus because of parking." near the Scripps 

Alexander no longer has as Institute of 
much difficulty finding a parking Oceanography). 
space because as AS president, - 7,875 spaces in 
she has access to an "A" parking new surface lots. 
permit. But for the other 13,000 - Removal of several 
students who attend this smaller lots, including 
university, parking continues to the Mandeville lot 
be the survival of the luckiest. and the ones near 
Several measures are being the Student Activities 
planned to help aUeviate the Center, 
problem, but as those proposals Administration , and 
are still in their infancy, the in Warren College. 
parking lots of UCSD continue to State law does not aUow state 
be paved combat zones. taxes to be used for parking 

Because UCSD is one of the purposes, so aU the funds are 

raised through the sale of 
parking permits. With aU the 
new parking structures going up , 
the price of the permits will also 
go up. Beginning in fall 1986, 
parking permits will cost $108 
annuaUy, as compared to $85.50, 
the current price . This increase 
provides the money to build new 
lots and structures as well as to 
maintain existing lots. 

middle of the year partly because 
of a loan taken out to build the 
Bachman Canyon parking 
structure at the UCSD Medical 
Center in Hillcrest. Part of the 
complaint is that the rise in 
parking fees is helping to pay for 
a structure that UCSD faculty, 
statT and students cannot use. 

"They said last year we 
wouldn't have parking increases 

The penalty box 
If you have a stack of parking tickets in the W-ove companment, 

you may want to ponder this: 
After twenty days the fine on the ticket doubles and a late norice 

is seN [0 me reglsllered owner of the car . 
After 65 days a S10 adminittration fee is added and the tickets 

are 5Jrwatded 10 the Dcpartmem of Motor Vehicles. Registtation is 
withheld until the fines are paUl. 
. If a vehicle has ~ore . man 5 Impaid CItatiOns, the car may be 
Impounded. It is university policy to place a warning notice on the 
car before it is impounded, which a1lows the owners 48 hours to 
clear up the fines. 

"All those items that go into an 
approved budget in effect dictate 
to us that we had to raise the 
(parking rates)," George Himel, 
associate vice chancellor of 
business and finance, said . "We 
have to fund through parking 
fees." 

The raising of parking fees has 
not been without controversy. 
Last year, an increase in parking 
fees was implemented during the 

~.., SaIlfA¥» 

for a long time and now we have 
another," said Geoff Tolchin , vice 
chairman of the Revelle College 
Council, said. "They said they'd 
refinance the loan (for the 
Bachman Canyon structure) and 
to my knowledge they haven't 
done so. If there has to be an 
increase , let it be across the 
board so people who are using 
the structure have the inc rease as 
well." 

Parking Director Laura Rey 
explains that the reasons for not 
giving increases to the people 
who use the medical center 
parking lot stems partly fro m the 
fact that they pay much more for 
parking permits . "The amount 
they pay is almost double what 
we pay for the privilege to park 
on campus." 

Proposed parking rates for 
1986-87 show that an "A" 
parking permit on the UCSD 
campus costs $240 , whereas an 
"A" permit for the UCSD Medical 
Center COsts $480 annually. 

The parking rate hike and 
subsequent construction of new 
parking facilities will be much 
needed , especiaUy when bike 
lanes are striped on North Torrey 
Pines Road and La Jolla Village 
Drive, thus eliminating 
approximately 500 o ff-campus 
parking spaces beginning in 
summer 1987. 

''The ciry has wanted to 
eliminate parking along North 
Torrey Pines Road for quite a 
while ," Pat Collum, vice 
chancellor of campus planning, 
said. "The main thing they have 
been complaining about, from 
what I can determine, is 
aesthetics. Driving along and 
seeing a whole lot of cars just 
doesn't look good ," she said . 

The Black Horse Farms 
Development is a project to build 
a conference room , and 
residential units on some 
undeveloped land just across 
from Muir College. As a 

Please tum to page 13 

. ~! TAKE A TRIP 
A Perfect Way ToLose~ 

The Binge Purge Cycle Of Bulilll(ll'('.\ia Can Be 131'01\('11 . 
It's Not Your l·llUll , .. ' OU'I'{' ~ot .\Ion('. 

[ -../ , f '~, [~t\Ut 
I (800) 255-1818 ~MI 

.. AMI EI Cajon Valley Hospital ~r' 1881 E. Main S ..... t. EI Cajon, CA 92021. (819) 588-8270 

I PERFORMANCE 
P- I 

I I 
TEX T 

I ~ ~ 

FRO~ TEXT TO PERFORMANCE 
with Drama 152 

Your opportunity to see a play develop 
from its beginning rehearsals 

to its final performance 

Arthur Wagner, actor and Master Teacher of Acting, will give 
informative lectures on the play and its background, the work of 
the actor, director and desginers, and you will then see it ' 
performed on stage. 

Dr .... 152 (4 aait.) Moaclay 4 • 5:50 pm 
Coa .... cod. 1144 



. ' May 12, 1986 

DAMHIT. 'P.\J.! FOR 
THE TE.NTH TIME.l 
~t>\SCRn1'NATIONI/ 

NO ... I NE.E.t) 
ANOTHER 

lfTTfAslfTTfAsluHAslfTTfAS lfTTmslfnmS 
Blasting the truth 

Editor: 
Afler reading Dr. Sleinberg's 

rruly disappointing atticle on 
Israeli-South African relations, I 
felt compelled to write the 
following respon~ . 

A close reading of the aritcle 
shows that the statement , 
"Except for propagandists, for 
whom facts are merely nuisance 
... ," applies more clearly to the 
author than 10 those he accuse 
of misinfonning the public on 
this important issue . The second 
part of his statement. "This 
relationship and its implications 
are gradually becoming better 
appreciated ," will ecquire its true 
meaning after I present the feuts 
about the Israeli -South African 
parallelism. 

One is stunned to read in the 
same paragraph that it was the 
"infamous" Nov. 1975 United 
Nations resolution equating 
Zionsim with racism that lead 
Israel to start allying itself wth 
South Africa, while the first 

The 

Israeli Ambassador to South 
Africa was appointed in ... 
1974. Even i( one accepts such 
an inconsistency, can one make 
sense of the logic that claims 
Israel started supporting the 
racist South African system when 
the opponents in South Africa 
(the rest of the African countries) 
severed their ties with Isreal? 

To emphasize the ideological 
relations berween the [WO 
systems, Die Burger, organ of the 
National Patty in Cape Province, 
editorialized in 1968: 
"Israel and South Africa have a 
common lot. It is in Sourh Africa's 
interest that Israel is successful in 
containing her enemies, who are 
among our own most vicious 
enemies. The anti-Western powers 
have driven Israel and South Africa 
into a community of interest which 
had bener be utilized that denied." 

In 1974, Prime Minister 
Vorster officially visited Israel 
and signed bilateral treaties , the 
most important of which dealt 
with military and technical 
(including nuclear) cooperation. 
Indeed , using Israeli technology 

Student Travel Network still thinks 
travel is an adventure!! Fly with us 
to Australia on scheduled airlines 
with free stopovers in the Pacific. 

CaU us at 286-1322. 
STUDINT 
TUVfL 6447 II Colon IIvd. 
NIJWOItK Son Diego 92 J J 5 

and uranium from Namibia, the 
twO states collaborated on, 
developed, and tested nuclear 
weapons.ln the area of military 
cooperation , Israel is a major 
supplier of South African arms as 
weD as in military advisors. 

In the area of economic 
relations, the situation is best 
surveyed in a SO-page 
supplement on Israel , published 
by the Financial Times of 
Johannesburg on May ll , 1984. 
It states: "It is possible for South 
African manufacturers to export 
half-finished goods to Israel, 
finish them in Israel and re-
export them to Europe," thereby 
escaping some economic boycott 
policies. Further economic 
cooperation is described in the 
report. 

Alter all this evidence, one 
goes back and reads Dr. 
Steinber,g's conculsion: " ... the 
Israeli struggle for survival against 
a racist enemy (sic) is similar to 
the struggle of Black South 
Africans against apartheid," and 
is tempted to laugh . Then one 

Please tum to page 5 

Student 
Special 
31/2C c:V 

No Minimum/No Waiting 
IMth Valid Student 10 

8~ x 11 20 lb. white 
machine fed 

QOlOEH TIIIANGl£ 
(In the ~tel1ond building 

oeroo trom ute) 
4320 10 joIlo village ct. suite 265 

- entrance on Ge ___ 

M-f lam·6 pm 
sot 9 am· 3 pm 

458-1909 

Looking fo~ an 
empty· space 

UCSD students will again bear the expense for 
administrative fancies. Beginning next fall, students will 
pay an additional $24 annually for an illusory privilege 
- using an "S" parking space. The overcrowded lots 
and higher fees which await us next year come from a 
long line of administrative oversights. With the advent 
of red curbing on Torrey Pines and the birth of the new 
Hillcrest parking facility , more students will be forced to 
pay higher prices for fewer par~ing spaces. 

Students will be carrying the cost of short-Sighted and 
self-serving administrative planning. Although "S" spots 
are currently at a premium, faculty and staff leave their 
vehicles there while disillusioned students, searchinQ 
for available parking spaces, drive past many vacant "An 
and "B" spots. 

Student parking spaces are rapidly transforming. 
SpOts nearby the Humanities Library for which students 
formerly competed now stand empty marked with green 
and red squares. Meters all over campus are hooded in 
yellow in reserve for faculty. The only new "5" lot is a half-
hour walk from most pans of campus, has no lighting for 
students who leave after dark. and cries out for 
pavement by flinging bits of gravel at whatever cars 
venture to park within its bounds. We are better off 
parking in LaJolla and walking to campus than we are 
buying a sticker. 

Such obvious inequity in parking privileges 'does not 
end with the lack of available places for students to park 
on campus. Chancellor Atkinson continues to 
demonstrate his disinterest in students' needs. The 
Hillcrest parking facility was constructed at no expense 
to those who will actually benefit. Downtown doctors 
will pay no additional parking fees for their new 
building. Yet student fees will be increased next fall to 
accomodate that expensive project. 

Atkinson would rather attend to the conservative will 
of the La Jolla community and his Nobel Laureate 
buddies than to the students of his university. In fact, he 
made no direct action in determining the future of 
parking on this campus. He left the decision up to the 
~ing committee. But Atkinson commonly avoids 
being involved in student concerns. First, evidence the 
Black Horse Farms fiasco of fall 1984. 

Instead of fighting the LaJolla community in order to 
proVide services for students, he sat calmly back while 
the LaJolla town council said that LaJolla Village Square 
offered enough commercial shops to satisfy the needs of 
the 15,000 students on this campus. 

But can we blame him for his apathy when we 
ourselves have done little to change the situation? The 
parking committee had ultimate authority over the 
parking fee increase we will receive next year. Although 
we had a large enough seat on the committee to 
ovenule such a decision, our AS representatives did not 
allend the meetings. Graduate students, faculty and 
administrators all voted to suppOrt a student fee 
increase while AS councilmembers forgot to represent 
us. 

On-campus traffic increases annually. The student, 
faculty and staff population grows as the university 
does, and we must be prepared to accomodate the 
influx of people our new projects generate. What 
troubles will our new University Center bring? As of yet, 
there is no additional parking allocated for those who 
will come to work in it. Unless we take the initiative to 
make adequate long-range solutions to our parking 
problems, we may see days where UCSD students must 
take the bus from Miramar while faculty park next to 
their office doors. 

Monday, May 12, J986 7 
---

Monday, May 12, J986 5 
OPINIONS 

Overcoming socialization, redefining ~thics 
By KATHY BECKETI, Contributing Opinions Editor 

I T WOULD be easy to overlook Carol Gilligan's book title In a Different Voice 
while perusing the women's 
section of the bookstore. What 
might carch your eye would be 
How to Dress for Success, The 
OrganiZfJtional Woman or How to 
Climb the Ladder. 

Carol Gilligan's concern is not 
on how women can cope in a 
male-oriented world. It is rather 
a challenge 10 the assumption of 
male superiority in the arena of 
moral development, and is an 
exploration of the reasons for 
and results of differences in male 
and female moral development. 
From her posilion as associate 
professor of education at 
Harvard University, she has used 
examples from research studies 
10 hypothesize an alternative 10 
the deeply entrenched theories 
of a traditional morality of justice 
tracing from Plato and Kant. 

This morality in its modem 
form is exemplified by the work 
of Lawrence Kohlberg, who had 
implicitly adapted the life of man 
as a nonn, idealizing separation , 
autonomy, individuation and 
natural rights. Psychological 
development has measured 
progress against that nonn, with 
females being seen as cut from 
"masculine" cloth bur unable in 
their ill-fiuing clothes 10 reach 
high stages of development. 

The essence of Kohlberg's 
theory is that male's achievement 
of separation and autonomy 
allows him 10 reach the highest 
stages of moral integrity. His core 

ideas parallel the work of Piaget, 
who found that females had 
failed 10 develop a legal sense , 
necessary for complete 
development. In his work, Daniel 
Levinson based his theroies 
entirely on male research but 
proposed a theory of adult 
development thaI underscores 
much of the current adult 
development theory. 

Eric Erikson found that a stage 
of auronomy and developed 
sense of self were necessary 
before intimacy could be 
achieved. And , of course, Freud 
found Ihat women did not fit his 
theory and logic , and were, 
therefore. a "dark continent" and 
inferior in development. 

What Carol Gilligan and other 
feminist theorists propose is that 
there exists a second system of 
morality which is not inferior to 
but different from an ethic of 
justice. This second system is an 
interactional morality. a morality 
of everyday life in which 
agreement that leads to equality 
with one another is sought. 
While most people use both 
systems, it is possible to have an 
inner conflict by using both at 
the same time. For example. an 
abortion decision might pit the 
categorial imperative 'Thou shalt 
not kill" against the moraliry of 
caring. 

In developing her theory 
which bases feminine morality 
on an ethic of responsibility. 
compassion and care, Gilligan 
criticizes the exclusion of women 
from critical theory-building 

studies of psychological research 
and defends the possibility that 
the male view (which has been 
reinforced and rewarded by 
society) may represent the male 
failure when rules and 
competitive success are at the 
expense of relationships. She 
asserts that society'S reward of 
autonomy has punished women 
when they listen to voices other 
than their own; when they 
include other points of view; 
when they prefer communication 
as a mode of conflict resolution; 
or when they fear compelilion 
when it will hann others. 
Because of society's lack of 

reward for their viewpoint, 
women have silenced their 
voices. 

In her use of quotalions from 
the subjects of the Harvard 
studies, Gilligan often adds 
depth and shading of meaning, 
but it leads also to a degree of 
repetitiousness. 

The book is short and easy to 
read and is not intended as a 
scholarly treatise. It is rather a 
plea that more thought and 
research be done in this field . 
The minor shortcomings seem to 
me to be easily overlooked when 
compared to the power of her 

ideas. Her efforts seek a new 
definition o(feminism , away 
from the early emphasis on how 
women can obtain the power 
and status of men. They bring to 
attention the different reality of 
women's lives and the realization 
that there is no single mode of 
social experience. Women can 
contribute their uniqueness and 
use their different voice which 
speaks different truths to add to 
the mature development of a 
more complex morality for all 
human beings, one here the two 
modes of cognitive and 
interactional morality can meet 
and be connected. fi:iJ 

lUT ms lHT ms lUT ms lUT ms LUT ms l UT ms l 
Continued from page 5 
recalls that Dr. Steinberg is a 
professor of political science and 
one gets barned at the ignorance 
displayed, the weakness of the 
analysis and the ultimate insult 
directed at the Black South 
Africans. 

Nidhal Guessoum 

Collective influence 
Editor. 

Over the last month , the Anti-
War Action Commiuee has been 
organizing on this campus. 
AWAC is a coalilion whose 
members number, al the 
moment, about a hundred 
people. 

The goals and issues of AWAC 
are simple . We are trying to 
force the administration and the 
Regents to implement the four 
referenda that were passed by 
the students in 1985 and again 
this year. Our demands are: 1) 
UC divestment from 
corporations and banks doing 
business in South Africa; 2) UC 
divestment from the Los Alamos 
and Livermore nuclear labs; 3) 
that UCSD be declared a 
sanctuary for refugees from 
Central America and that the 
Immigration and Naturalization 
Service (Migra) not be anowed 10 
operate on our campus; 4) that 
no recruiters from the CIA, the 
Fin, the Migra or the mililary be 

THE 

allowed on our campus or in our 
Career Planning and Placement 
Center. 

AWAC is closely allied with 
student groups at all UC 
campuses as well as around the 
country. A hundred of us, 
however, cannot force the 
administration to listen to us. A 
thousand of us can. 

To those of you who became 
involved, in some way, at some 
level, last Spring, where are you 
now? The struggle is not yet 
over, nor will it be in the 
foreseeable future? .Politics, 
after all , is only· people coming 
together 10 collectively influence 
the decisions that affect their 
lives. Peter RadcliJf 

The Tay-Sachs gene can 
hide for generations. 

CHINESE STUDIES PROGRAM 

JAPANESE 
LANGUAGE COURSES 

FALL 1'986 
Testing can discover it 
before tragedy doese 

'WUt i. 1&,.5KU DIaeue? 
1&y·Sachs Disease is All inherited genetic disorder of infAllcy. The affected 
baby develops norm.ally until about sil months old. Then destruction of tbe 
nervous system bqins. and death follows by the ace of four or five. 
WUt are tile cIwocee of beI-c a carrier of tile 1&,.5KU aeae1 
The carrier rAle is I in 150 in the ceneral population. and 1 in 27 in the 
Jewish population. Catrierure normal and healthy. and most have no history 
of 'Illy. Sachs Disease in their fulilies. 
A ....... carrier cIetec:tio. l1ioooi _ ia aY&iWlle. 
Testing is conducted al the 'Illy·Sachs Disease Procram clinics AIId at 
outreach programs. but it is nol avd&ble through pbysicians' ollices. 
privAle laboralories. or as part of the blood tesl required before DWTiage. 
Wlo riIb .. .we a daIl. wIG 1&,.5KU DiMaae? 
Anyone can be a carrier. If both the lather and the mother carry the gene. 
there is a one·in·lour chAlIce thaI each pregnancy will resull in a child 
doomed with 'Illy. Sachs Disease. 
WUt optIou do carrien ..... 7 
If both parents have been tested and know that they are carrier.;. genetic 
counstUnr and lesting is available to help them selectivety have only 
Wlllfecteil children. 

YOU CAN BE TESTED HERE: 
.-----. U.CS.D .• May 12-1'. 1986.----..., 

SruDENT CENlBl 
MONDAY &: TUESDAY 

8:30·11 :30 am 
Nonh Conf. Room 

REVELLE COLLEGE 
WED &: THURS 9-3 pm 

Commuter Lounge 
WED 4:30-7:00 Check for location 

THIRD COLLEGE 
MONDAY 12-3 TLH 110 

TUESDAY 2-5 pm 
Mountain View Lounge 

MUIRCOUEGE 
TUES 5-7 pm 
P&:Lll17 

Pint Year Japanete 
Second Year Japanete 
Third Year Japaneee 
Fourth Year Japaneee 

Chinese Studies 31 
Chinese Studies 41 
Chinese Studies 131 
Chinese Studies 141 

Mrs. Cook 
Mrs. Cook 
Mr. Nishimura 
Mr. Nishimura 

Japanese language courses offered through the 
Chinese Studies Program are designed to develop 
basic ~ommunication and liguistic skills in the 
Japanese language. Courses offered include beginning 

Japanese through advanced language instruction. 

For more information call 452-6477 • 



6 Monday. May 12. 1986 

~.:ademl.: iervl.:e§ 
MONDAY-PltIDAY 
.100 ... -ZIOO pm - SIGI Plus. Systems of 
Interactive Guldan~ and Information is a 
compute r- based program of career 
Information designed to help you clar~ your 
skills. values and occupational interests. For 
more information. come to Career Services 
Center. 
8100 ........ pm -OASIS Writing Center 
offers fr~ servi~ for all UCSD students who 
need pre-lM"lting help. conferences on drafts 
and editing advice. We engage ar'o/ kind of 
lM"it ing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are by appointment only. 
Evening appointments are also available in 
OASIS Third Place at Third College. and 
Warren Apartments. (For the full range of 

. services s~ the back of the current class 
schedule/. Call 452-2284 or come by usa 
4010 to make an appointment This servi~ Is 
a a vailable throughou t the quarter. 
Sponsored by the OASIS Writing Center. 
MONDAY-11fURSDAY 
• 100 ..... '.10 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A hotline phone-in servl~ for help 
with dla ion. grammar and punauation 
problems. To reach Grammmar Moses. call 
4 52-2284. Sponsored by OASIS Writing 
Center. Service available throu~t the 

. quarter. 
10100 ..... 7100 pm - Need a tutor7 Free 
tutoring In math, ~Ics, biolog,-, chemistry, 
economics, statistics and computer sdence. 
Tutoring is on a drop-In basis at OASIS 
Underground, HL 1254, Mon.-Thurs. IOam-7 
pm and Fri. 10 am-I pm. Tutoring also 
available at Muir Dorms, Tenaya ·202; Third 
Place, 120 Third Commons; and Warren 
Academic Support Center, Warren Apts .. 
Bldg. 2, Apt 21t0. For further information, 
call 452-2280. 
MONDAY 

IZ~1IJO pm - The Scholars' Writing 
Workshop meets every Monday and Tuesday 
at Student Center B South Conferen~ Room. 
This quarter's topic is "The Long Term Paper." 
Students may also work on two col11>uter 
terminals located in the OASIS main offi~ by 
appointment. Ca ll x2284 and ask for either 
Farre ll Foreman or Dennard Clendenin. 

11~1OO pm - Drop-in Advising Hours: 
For he lp find ing desirable pa rt-time 
employment. determining car~r goals, 
searching for jobs or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities . No 
appointment necessary. Just iIVcIlk in. In the 
Career Services Center. 
ZaJO pm - The Marketable Resume 
Workshop. Lea rn how to construct a state-
of-the-art resume that will make you stand 

out from the crowd. In the Career Services 
Center. 

lUUDAY 

10100 am - On Camera: Practidng 
Interviewin g Skills - Sharpen your 
interviewing skills by seeing and hearing 
)Ourself on videotape. Receive feedback from 
other job seekers in this group workshop. 
Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills Workshop. In 
the Car~r Services Center. 
12100-1110 pm - The Schola rs' Writing 
Workshop meets every Monday and Tuesday 
at Student Center B South Conferen~ Room. 
This quarter's topic is "The Long Term Paper." 
Students may also work on two corrputer 
terminals located in the OASIS main office by 
appointment. Call )(2284 and ask for either 
Farrell Foreman or Denna-d Clendenin. 
1 ~IOO pm- Drop-in Advising Hours: 
For help with career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. In the 
Career Services Center. 
7100 pm - Workshop: Paper preparation 

t 
'0 

~ 
5 

~ 
~ 
~ 
s 

~--------~~~~~! 

for Scien~ Papers. Location: Warren Apt 
Commons Conf. Rm. You are invited to this 
free workshop. Sponsored by OASIS Reading 
and Stu~ Skills Center. 
8100 pm - Meet medical protesionals. 
Come to an informal gathering of medical 
professionals to disQJSS important issues. 
Refreshments at 7:30 pm. In University 
Lutheran Church. 
MDNDDAY 
1 ~'IOO pm - The L.1nguage Program 
Level I - This OASIS program focuses on the 
thinking skills you need to successfully 
handle the reading and writing tasks 
assigned in your courses. It is designed for 
those wiho want to perfect their English 
language skills. LP classes are taught by 
reading and writing spedalists and bilingual 
tutors. LP is presented by the OASIS Writing 
Center and the OASIS Reading Cnter. In USB 
4010. 
11,..100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help with career g::>als, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary, just walk-in. 
THURSDAY 

~IChOO ... - The OASIS G\1 
(Grammar & Mechanics) Workshop Is 
designed for students whose first language Is 
rot English and who would like to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and 
applying them in extensive, systematic series 
of practical exerdses. An exerdse manual will 
be used. All work will be completed in the 
context of the workshop. In USB 4010. 
11100 .... - Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do you need help in preparing for job 
interviews 7 Career Services Center will 
provide tips on the best w¥ to present your 
qualifications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect . In the Career Services 
Center. 
1110-4100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help finding desirable part-time 
eII1>loyment. determining career goals, job 
hunting. resume preparation, etc. No 
appointment n~ssaary, just walk-in. 
4100 pm - You are invited to a TEP 196 
Teaching/Learning seminar. Guest speaker: 
Dr. Roger Judge, p'¥ics dept. He will speak 
on the topic of what qualities enhance 
teaching/learning. In usa 3060. Sponsored 
by OASIS. 
7100 pm - Workshop: Paper preparation 
for social sden~ papers. Location: Muir 
Dorms, Tioga Hall 1102. You are Invited to this 

fr~ workshop. Sponsored by OASIS Reading 
and Stu~ Skills Center. 
PR'DAY 
9100 .... - Workshop: Paper preparation 
for sodal science papers. Location: HL 1058 
Conf. Rm. You are i,-,..ited to this ~ee 
IM>rkshop. Sponsored by OASIS Reading and 

Stu~ Skills Center. 
11100 ..... ZIOO pm - Career Fair '86. 
Trying to decide upon a career7/\ wide range 
of career specialists - from accountants to 
visual artists and engineers to journalists -
will answer your questions about thefr jobs. 
In the Career Services Center Plaza. 

11~1OO m - Dr~inMvislng Hours: For 
help with car~r goals, job hunting. resume 
preparation, etc. No appointment necessary, 
Just walk-in. In the Car~r ServIces Center. 
I:)ellalvu§ f'un.:tlvni 
TUDDAY ..... 'DAY 
1100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In Lkliverslty 
Lutheran Church, 9595 l£1 Jolla Shores Dr. 
MONDAY 

7100 pm - Asian American Christian 
Fellowship. Come join us as Dori White 
speaks on "What kind of God we worship." lt 
should be a neat time of fellowship and 
learning more about God. We'd love to see 
you tonightl We're meeting in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge tonight. 
7100 pm - Campus Crusade for Christ 
Come joln us for fun fellowship and Blbie 

Stu~. We're in BH 2105. 
VRDNISDAY 
6100 pm - Student supper hosted by the 
Lutherans, open to everyone. At University 
Lutheran Church just across the street from 
Revelle College. 
7100 pm - Bibie st~ of Romans 
concludes. E~ryone welcome. In University 
Lutheran Church. 
7100 pm - Bible Stu~ Fellowship. Come 
~Iebrate Gods word. In Lkliversity Lutheran 
Church. 
8100 pm - Seminar on "Our Uturgical 
Roots" led by Pastor John HUber. Open to 
everyone . .... t University Lutheran Church. 
10100 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
chapel of Uliversity Lutheran Church. 
tHURSDAY 
.141 pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great c9fT1ParlY. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. 
7100 pm - Can we Imagine life after death 7 
Bill Gray, philosop~ professor and author 
will discuss the CDn~t of life after death. 
Sponsored by Rationalists at UCSD. In the 
Revelle Informa/Iounge. 
7 .. pm - United campus Ministry Invites 
you to worship and bibie stu~. Join us for 
friendship and spiritual growth In the 
traditions of the Presbyterians, Methodists, 
United Church of Christ and Dlsdples of 
Christ Churches. At the Sun House in L.1.k>IIa, 
corner of Eads & Kline. 
PRlDAY 
7.00 pm -Chi Alpha Christian Fellowship 
will be meeting. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
SATURDAY 
4100 pm - Join us for a Padres game and 
tailgate potluck party 53.50 (general 
admission), today. All welcomel Sign up In 
the foyer of the Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 
Sponsored by Catholic Student Coordinators. 
1100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In University 
Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
Il00.10100 ... - Sunday Eucharist. In 
th~ Good Samaritan Episcopal Church -
4321 Eastgate Mall across Genesee from east 
end of campus. 
.. H ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
CathoUc Community at UCSO. In University 
Lutheran Church. 
10.00 ... - Pentecost folk mass led by the 
Lutheran campus ministry. All are welcome. 
Refrestmellts served. At University Lutheran 
Church, across the street ~om Revelle 
College. 
10110 ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In the 
Lower Level Conf. Rm., Student Center Bldg. 
B. 
7100 pm - Folk mass. In the Good 
Samaritan Episcopal Churct1 - Eastgat~ Mall 
across from Revelle College. 
7100 pm - Evening worship. Pastor John 
Huber will present his sermon from the 
morning service. Open to all. At University 
Lutheran Church. 

Le.:ture 
MDNDDAY 
7100 pm - International Fireside Lecture 
Series. "Sweden: atrIuences and equality." Dr. 
Jan Ertik Lane speaking. Dr. Lane Is a visiting 
professor from Lknea University In the dept 
of political sdence. Informal discussion to 
follow presentation. Fr~ refreshments. In 
the International Ctr. Lounge. 
lHURSDAY 
7100 pm <an we imagine IIf~ after death7 
BNI Gr~, philosop~ professor and author 
will dlsOJSS the concept of life after death. 
Sponsored by Rationalists at lXSD. In the 
Revelle Inlbrma/ Lounge. 

£ntertalnment 
PlllDAY 
7110 a 10100 pili - Spedal Events 
Committee proudly presents .Jitj !.enol DavId 
Letterman's favorite comedian will perform 
two hilarious shows in Mandeville 
Audltorlum. General admission SIO, students 
S7.50 . 
SAtuRDAY 
.100 pm - The dan~ concert of the yearl 
Mad"less and special !JJests the Panooras, 
brought to you by UEO's Pop ElIerlts. In the 
gym. General admission 513.50, students 
511.50, day of show 514.50 . 

()tller 
lUDDAY 
.100 pm - Free South Padfic TrCllleI Seminar 
ftlm. Independent travel tips, films, speakers 
and door prizes. Learn about our low fares to 
the South padftc and Asia. In the I\brth Conf. 
Rm. Student Center. 
PR'DAY 
1100 pm - Fall quarter internship deadline 
is today. For applications stop by ASIO. 

()raanlzatlvnal MeetinG 
TUDDAY 
•• 00-7.00 pm - General meeting, 
discussion of current optometric events and 
planning of future field trips. In the Multi-
purpose room. 
WIIDNDDAY 
7100 pm - SAM, Society for Advancement 
of Management presents: Dale Carnegie 
seminar on effective comrrunication skills -
irrpfO\le your interview presentation and 
ability to inftuenc;r others. Everyone is 
welcome. In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

~e.:readvn 
- Sarl Diego Folk Song SocIety meeting. PI~ 

your banjo among friends. For more 
information call Chuck at 27~ 7118. 
lUDDAY 
.100 pm - Surf Club meets. Come to our 
party planning meeting. Remember your 
moneta}' commitments or tlrever suffer the 
lM"ath of the Triton. In usa 3070. 
SATURDAY-JUNDAY 
- Backpacking Trip to Me. San .Jacinto -

Included: transportation, tents. cooking 
equipment. dinner Sat., breakfast Sun. 530 at 
Ca'¥>flview outdoor equipment room. 

MONDAY 
.... 10 ..... - RED III. This group is for 
students who wish to give up thefr obsession 
with food and who deslr~ personal growth. 
Led by Bev Harju and peer counselor. Call Bev 
at 452-3987 for inft:>rmation and siQfl"UP. In 
Dr. Harju's omc~. In we 302. 
1 Z ... 11OO pm - TIme Management 
Clinic. One of the signs that a person Is 
ct1ronically "dis-stressed" is the feeling of 
being constant~ rushed or a continual sense 
of urgenq. 1hat "racing" through the 
outsld! world may well parallel what Is 
happening Internal~ as the ~ is put under 

mlnut~nute strain to "keep up the 
pace." If this rings tru~ as a description of 
)OOr usual actMty, you may beneftt from a 
few tips and exercises on tIme management 
In HL 1003. 

. Z.o.IIOO pili - Don't stu<¥ Space It 0," 
Spend )OOr time mor~ constructlllely, come 
to the birth control information session to 
learn facts that can ~ direct~ applied to ~. 
Oitctt theory andjoln us upstairs at the ~ 
Heafth Center. 

lUDDAY 
.... '0100 ... - Adults Molested As. 
ChIldren. A group ft:>r men and women who 
were molested In childhood or adolesc.ena 
by strangers, acquaintances and/or famj~ 
members. Interested students should call 
Miriam losupovid (452-3755) or lorraine 
Watson (452-3987) for information and slgl-
up. In HL 1003. 
IZ.-.11OO pm - Campus has no good 
places to eat. It's a fact wt¥ not do yourself a 
favor and bring your kJnch for once. I'IIeed a 
place to ea7 How about upstairs a the 
student Health Center whll~ learning about 
your ~ and its functions at the birth 
control Information session. That's right. it's a 
good idea. 
IIOO-ZIOO pm - Type /\ BeMllor and Your 
Health. The Type A behavior pattern Is 
characterized by intense ambition, 

comp~tltive drive, preoccupation with 
deadlines. and a sense of time urgent}'. 
Recent research suggests that angy/hOStiIe 
aspects of the TASP are detrimental to health. 
Learn CDglitlv~iorai techrliques to 
redu~ anger and improve interpersonal 
skills. Led by Drs. Maynard Brusman and 
Rochelle Bastien (452-3035/. In HL 1003. 
WBWDDAY 
10110 ..... ZIIO pili - Check it out.. . 
UCSO's ftrst arnual Health 'n' Fitness Faire. 
Free fitness testing. bloodtests, brochures, 
and Information from on campus health 
expertS. It's fun and it's free. On Revetle Plaza. 

'~11OO pm - Group Ibr Lklmotlvated 
Students. ThIs group is Ibr students who feet 
overwhefmed. burnt out or unable to 

motlvat~ themselves to stu~ or achieve 
academically; Information about GP .... and 
SAT scores required. Led by Dr. Hugh Pates, 
452-3456. In the Revelle College Provost's 
Qmce. 
...... pm - Campus Black Forum. A 
weekly, Informal discussion group on the 
issues, concerns, and the quality of I~ of the 
Black eotnI1'LInity at UCSD. This is an ongoing 
group and students can join at any time. 
Students can call leaders Phil Raphael at 452-
3755 or Rochelle Bastien at 452-3035 If they 
have any questions; otherwise they can just 
come to the group. In the Mountain VIew 
Lounge. 
.. .. 7.11 pm - RED I. This g-oup is ft:>r 

\I\oOmen who want to O\IeI'c:ome tingeing 
and purging ~Iors suct1 as laxative abuse 
and vomiting on a regular basis. Led by 
Heather L.1lrd and peer counselor. Call 
Heather at 452-3456 for information and 
slgrl up. In HL 1003. 

THURSDAY 
1 Z'-'IIOO pm - Only 3 more chances left 
to attend a Well Woman Session. Come on ... 
!P to It ... . It's the best one hour's worth of 
women's health inl'ormation you 'll get all 
quarter. Upstairs Student Health Center 
lounge. 
1IC"'Z'- pili - Gay/Blsexual Men's 
Counseling Group. On-going support group 

"'1ef men with a counseling emphasis. Led by 
Stelle 8r~ and Dmletrius. In HL 1003. 
1I"Z'- pili - RED II. This group is 
designed for students who have a/re~ 
lNOrIced on ~amg disorders and are currently 
in the process of giving up a serious eating 

& 

-----~ ! 

Monday. May 12, 1986 7 

problem. Led by Miriam losupcMcl and 
DIcksIe Allen, 452-3755. In HL 1003. 
Za»4IOO pm - RED III. This group is ft:>r 
students who wish to give up their obsession 
with food and who desire personal growth. 
Led by Dr. Beverly Ha~, 452-3987. and peer 
counselor. In Dr. Ha~'s offi~. In we 302. 
1100 tlOO pm - Back to the Funn -
career Group. Students will explore skills, 
interests, values and personality and lifestyle 
preference to Identity and start planning ft:>r a 
meaningful life direction. Led by Dr. Maynard 
&usman, 452-3035. In HlIOO3. 
Il1O pm - Overcoming Proaastlnation. 
For students who postpone begi. *19 or 
corrpletlng c/ass assignme Its. Students are 
requested to attend all bur sessions. Led by 
Dr. Hugh Pates, 452-3456. In the Revelle 
College Provost's 0I'Ii~. 
4100 pm - Men's RED Group - planning 
meeting. This group is br men students who 
wish to gille up their obsession with rood and 
who defsre personal growth. Led by Dr. Bev 
Harju. call her at 452-3987 br information 
and s¢up. In Dr. Har,;ls otllce, \XIC 302. 
4 .... 100 pili - Lesbian & Bisecual 
Women GraciJate Student Group. A peer-led 
discussion group for IIIIOfTIen graciJat~ 
students who are lesbian. bisecual or 
wishing to explor~ this part of their lilies. Led 
by Chris and .Jennifer, 452-2023. In HlIOO3. 
• •• 0-6.00 p. - Lesblan/Bls~xua' 
Women's Support Group. Dlswsslon,l 
support g-oup b undergracUite 'NOmen. 
Led by Ca~. In the Women's Iiesourtr 
Center. 
•••• p. - Off-campus Housing 
Workshop: A panel of experts will discuss: 
How to lind a place to M; FOldes & Ie1taI 
Regulations; Legal Aspects; VIewpoints on 

.:noiJsIng lifestyles; QJestIon"'i1d answer 
_perIOds. In the Conf. Rm. iDwer I..eWt Sludent 

~nter Bldg. B. • 
....... 00 pili - Gay/Bisewal Men and 
Women's DisaJssion Group. FoaJs wIN ~on 
discussion topics of mutual interest to a I.1rge 
g-oup (15-30/. Led ~ ~ and Demetrius. 
In TCHB 141. 
PlllDAY 
Z ........ pm - Alcohol and SubStarlce 
Abu~ Group. If you've ever asked -do I ta<e 
a problem 7' chances are you do tale a IN.< 
ItIings to talk about. Students of any age Of 
history with suDstanc:es are ~ to 
partidpat~ In the week~ dIso'ssJoos. Before 
joining the group Interested. stud!nIs are 
asked to call1Iecca at 452-3755 to mike .. 
appointment with one of our counselors to 
see If the group will meet their needs. Led by 
Qi!1 Munoz. In ~ R!IMIe PrQ.osrs DfIk:r. 



8 Mon , May 12, 1986 

Flying through the air and weak in the knees 
. By BARAK KASSAR 
"M IND IF I take the 

controls?" Alan 
asked , but it didn't 

seem like a question to me. 
Before he even reached "take the 
controls" the glider 
positioned on what ~ be 
its side. 1 was suddenly looking 
straight down at Jacumba 
California. My partially digested 
BreakfastJack was waiting for 
clearance to land on a remote 
airstrip in the back· field of my 
lap. 

"It's just this thermal; we can 
use it £0 gain altitude - watch 
the altimeter," Alan said, 
explaining why he unexpectedly 
relieved me of the controls. 

That Saturday had been an 
exciting one starting when 1 
climbed off my perch on the 
Revelle Anchor and through 
Alan 's car window. "You're gonna 
have to slide in Dukes of Hazard 
style; the door's stuck, it got 
smacked." Alan Thompson, of 
the UCSD Soaring Club, was 

meticulou~ly washing the 
windshield of his car. He 
eventually climbed in himself 
and riveted a large screwdriver 
deep into the bowels of his 
ignition . He turned it and we 
drove east and kept driving east. 
We stopped only to get David 
Adams, gas and Jack in the Box. 
Then we drove east some more, 
until we eventually reached 
Jacumba, where UCSD keeps its 
gliders . 

Alan graduated from UCSD in 
June of 1985 and now works for 
a local engineering firm. He has 
been with the UCSD Soaring 
Club since his freshman year in 
1980 and is now a eF.l. , or 
certified flight instructor. David 
IS a graduating student at the 
Medical School and joined the 
dub a few years ago. He was 
once preSident and has a private 
license . 

Alan was sitting behind me in 
one of the club 's three planes, a 
Schweitzer 2-nE, dubbed the 
"Buzzard." I had pulled the 

wooden ball on the instrument 
panel that freed us from the tow 
plane and we had been flying a 
while. Alan let me use my set of 
controls without his asssistance. I 
recalled David's introdcution to 
flying on the runway while Alan 
ti shoulder and 
waist straps, aner ~"".n .. 
p re-flight inspection a few 
ad renal minutes ago . 

"O.K., see those pedals? See 
the rudder move? Now that's the 
pedal you push when the yaw 
string is pointing left." 

"The stick controls the 
ailerons , those flaps on the 
wings: 

I kept thinking, as I nodded 
my head - pretending to 
understand , how glad I was that 
Alan would be sitting behind me 
with every comrol at his 
experienced fingertips . I like the 
dual control concept; I liked 
learning to drive at Sears: they 
have rwo steering wheels in their 
cars. 

I believe I leamed more on the 
hour-plus drive to Jacumba then 
I did in my rwo weeks of high 
school physics and three weeks 
in Dr. Jones' Physics lA Well , I 
wasn't going to drop this 
particular class in the middle of 
the desert in what seemed to be 
the halfway poim berween here 
and Phoenix. Besides, for once, 
class was intresting. 

quick tug of the release handle; 
the yellow rope lurched forward 
and followed the plane to 
land. We remai at 2,500 feet 
above the desert; altimeter 
read 5,000 feet sea leve1. 

Sometimes $1 only a 
15 n the pilot 

let viry 

h'n~'C'"",ti na 
usually be -

stretched flight 
times to only limit: daylight. 
There are gliders today with 
60/ 1 ratios due to aerodynamic 
design advancements. PilOts can 
use several methods to gain 
altitude, and with their energy 
efficient planes, total time in the 
air is no longer a major concern. 
Records are now being set in the 
area of total distance velOCity 
and maneuverabiliry. A 60:1 
Nimbus-3 glider flew farther than 
1000 miles over Pennsylvania in 
10 hours; that's an average speed 
of over 100 miles per hour. 

On a clear day, sunlight slices 
straight through and warms the 
ground but leaves a relatively 
cool atmosphere. The warm 
ground heats the air nearoy, the 
warm air then rises (basic 
concept) and this effect is called 
a thermal. If a pilOt circles the 
glider above the uprising of 
warm air it has a similar effect to 
tossing a paper airplane onto a 
run-over fire hydrant. The other 
techniques for gaining elevation 
use the wind and mountain 
formations . They are called ridge 
lifts and wave lifts. Jacumba has 
a long ridge running north and 
south . . 

That's alright, no one does the 
first few times; just say when, [can 
have you on the ground in rwo 
minutes." 

wel1." 
"That's ahight, no one does the first 

few times; just say when , I can have 
you on the ground in two minutes. " 

"How about right now -
please Alan." He wasn't kidding 
about the twO minutes and I 
think I stumbled on another 
factor that Ii total 

landed , and before.long, I felt 
wonderful and was wondering if 
he'd offer to take me up again. 

Instead, I experienced another 
side of gliding, simply the sheer 
beaury of watching it. Alan took 
out an incredible-looking, 
freshly-painted, single-seat, 
Pilatus B-4. 1 grapped his camera 
and zoom, he wanted some 
slides and promised to swoop 
down low. I hiked to the highest 
point of the ridge. 1 climbed 
through flowering cacti, other 
foliage, boulders and trees. It was 

silent e~ept for the strong wind 
and the intermittent putter of the 
tow plane . Every so often, when I 
wasn't concentrating, I would 
hear a clean, swoosh above me 
and a huge shadow would engulf 
me, but only for a second. I 
would rum around and watch a 

. er land. Halfway up the ridge , 
eight wild 

horses were standing stately on a 
small plateau. Alan told me ·later 
that he could not see not see 
them, but I watched him 
constantly fly over them . They 
were far more bothered by me 
and the strange black Nikon 
protusion from my face than by 
the Pilatus. And why not? The 
glider is only a bird, it is one 
with the surroundings and does 
not upset the balance in a 
negative way, but rather 
enhances It. 

Please tum to page II 

By John Ashlee 

Different gliders have various 
LID or Lift/ Drag ratios. This 
number is equal to the descem 
or glide slope. The two-seat 
trainer we were flying has a ratio 
of 18:1. On a still day, with no 
wind , the plane will go 18 feet 
forward for every foot it drops. It 
is this drag that means the plane 
must alway!> be flying down to 
maintain a constant speed. A 
tow, bought from the Associate 
Gliding Club of Southem 
California, who have an 
amagement with UCSD, costs 
$13. This is the majority of the 
$18 cost for a beginning flight 
such as mine. 

. "How about right now-please 
Alan." He wasn't kidding about the 
two minutes and I think I stumbled 
on another factor that limits total 
flight time; the queaziness factor. 
We landed, and before long, I felt 
wonderful and was wondering if 
he'd offer to take me up again. 

LIFE OURING WAR-TIME 
Earlier, we were weaned 

harshly from the tow plane in a Instead, [ experienced another 

Looking For Some Excitement In Your Life? 

Try an Urban Studies and Planning Course 
Open for Enrollment To All Students, Fall 1986 

USP 10 COMPARATIVE U RBANIZATION: Historical and comparative survey of 
cities throu~out the world. Ec01ogjcal, social. economic, technological, and cultural 
determinant of city location, form. growth, and decline. Urbanization movement 
foDowing the Industrial Revolution. Role of the city as a force of culture and 
civilitation. Tues.·Thurs. 10:()()'11:20 (Blumberg) USB 2722. 

USP 15Z ADULT DEVELOPMENT AND AGING: An examination of the 
development stages of early, middle, and late adulthood and their processes of 
behavior change. Topics include impact of societal and cultural factors, continuity 
and change in the individual personality, influence of norms and roles, family tife, 
adult sexuality, and ethnicity as a cultural experience in human development. MWF 
9:()()'9:SO (Thomas) TCHB 141. JJSP 10Z URBAN ECONOMICS PROBLEMS: (Same as Econ. 135.) Analysis of 

causes of congestion, pollution, housing and discrimination and segregation, crime, 
etc., and of public policies to deal with these problems. Prerequisite: one year 0/ 
lower-division economics. MWF 2:00-2:50 (Engle) HL AUD. 

USP 131 COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNlCrTY: An examination of tbe 
interaction of migration and urbanization on community as a social system. 
Characteristics of agencies and organizations which deliver services or inOuence 
changES will be approached from the use of ethnicity as a conceptual model. 
Prerequisites: USP 131L (concurrently), upper·division stalding. Tues.·Thurs. 
11 :JO.12:50 (Thomas) EXT 142. 

USP 131L COMMUNITY DYNAMICS AND ETHNIC",Y lAB: Models for human 
service delivery, commuruty development. action, and planning will be tau~t 
throu!ll exercises and in<ividual projects. Prerequisite: USP 131 concurrent 
enrollment. Tues. 2:30-3:50 (Thomas) TCHB 141. 

USP Itl ORIENTATION TO HEALTH CARE ORGANIZATION: Thiscoursewill 
provide an overview of the organization of health care witlin the context of the 
community with emphasis on the political, social, and cultural influences. It is 
concerned with the structure, objectives, and trends of maj,or health and health-
related programs iI the United States to include sponsorship, financing. training and 
utilization of health personnel. Tues.-Thurs. 1:00-2:20 (Brody) TUi llO. 

USP 151 tHE BlACK GHETTO: Examination of the black ghetto !rom about 1880 to 
the present. Trendl in migration, the patterns of economic and social adjustment, 
shilts in ideoIow and protest, and the demand for community control are themes_ 
Tues.-Thurs. 4:()()'S:20 (ThomM) TCHB 141. 

U8P 17tA JNTaOOlJCnON 1'0 URBAN DESIGN: This course will stress the 
element. of urbM -WI and it wiD examine tbe factors necessary for the eKecution 
of an urbIn daisJ'I plan. In cor¥unction with this, crucial potllntial. flaws to the 
execution 01 any urt.n desiJpl plan will be presented. Students wi" be required to 
take a look at the city 015.1 Diego .. a piece of urban desig'l in astructured exercise 
desq.ed to teach how to examine a city qualitAtively from an urban des9l/urban 

plann~g point 01 view. The spec. geographi~ and poItn Iorces that help to shape 
San Diego INIll be examined thmut the rev~ 01 current plan~g projects and the 
forces at work lhapUlg 5.1 Diego I future design. An exploration 01 the poaiblitiea 
of what may be done to enhance urban design in San Diego will also be examined. 
Fri. 10:00-1:00 (Martinez) TCHB 141. . 

USP 175 ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS OF URBAN STUDIES: Man'.activities 
have had dramatic impact upon the natural resources 01 Califon.a's urban areas. 
The class will focus upon the nature and extent ollUch impact with an emphasil on 
evaluating the current status 01 resource-related planning on management effort • . 
Major themes will ilclude politics of rClOUrce protection; provision of parks iI/'Id 
open space; preserving natural area; wildlife management; air and water quality 
issues; land use planning by state agencies; protecting agricultural lands and guiding 
the location of new development. The goal of the course is to provide the student 
wilh a beller understanding of the ways in which the natural resources of urban areas 
are being protected and planned for by government agencies and tbe limitations of' 
current pr~arns. Prerequisite: upper-diuision standing. M 3:00-5:50 (Crandall) 
TCHB 141. 

Monday, May 12, 1986 9 
FEATURES 

'Sit, Ubu, sit!' ('RrufHl ') 'Good dog!' 
By PHIL LAUDER 

M y DOG recently took me to obedience school. She was getting tired of me not 
behaving in public : jumping on people , 
licking their face, smelling their . .. - I 
think she was a littl~ embarrassed , 
actually - and she had had enough . 
And away we went to obedience school. 

Dog obedience lessons are pretty 
fabulous. The tools of the trade are a 
choke collar, a leash , and praise . "Choke 
collar" sounds pretty horrid , doesn't it? I 
think of a crazed, red-faced owner 
wrapping both hands around a poor 
canine's neck and screaming, "YOU 
STUPID DOG! I SAID 'HEEL'! HEEL, 
DAMMIT! THAT MEANS YOU STAY AT 
MY HEEL! Heel-Heel·Heel-Hee1-
HEE[J !!" 

A choke collar is a chain that wraps 
through itself so that a jerk on the leash 
attached to it will apply more direct 
pressure on the dog's neck, getting their 
attention without hurting them. By "jerk" 
I meant "pull,:' not "idiot" - although 
after pulling on the leash as hard as you 
can JUSt to get your dog to sit, you feel 
like one. 

In our lessons, praise is the reward. 
Praise is a fine reward for one of our 
dogs, Punkin . Punkin is sweet, very 
sweet, and will do anything you want 
her to - as long as she knows what the 
hell it is , which isn't all that often. The 
other dog is also sweet - but has a 
mind of her own, and expresses it at all 
opportunities. Especially during dog 
training lessons. Praise isn't always 
enough of a reward for her. She wants 
food . Now. 

The first lesson is , of course , heel. 
That's when the owner learns to stay 
right with the dog, keeping full attention 
on the dog, never straying from the 
dog's path. Anyone who thinks it's the 
other way around has never been to dog 
obedience lesson number one. 

After heel comes sit , stay, lie down, 
come, stand , and so on - one step at a 
time . After each lesson we go home and 
work on what we've learned , practicing 
on a (semi-) daily basis - in our case , 

The 0 ther dog has a 
mind of her own, 
Especially during dog 
training lessons. Praise 
isn't always enough of a 
reward for her, She 
wants food. Now. 
15 minutes a lesson . So Punkin takes 
me out and we walk around the 
neighborhood and do our heeling and 
sitting and lying down and staying and 
all the rest of the lovely tricks I've 
learned in the past few weeks. Naturally 
our neighbors have a habit of coming 
out just when we're doing our lessons. 
They walk or drive by and smile at us, 
and say to their wives or husbands 
when they get back inside, "Look dear 
(peering through the blinds). Don't they 

look silly?" 
Yes. they do. But it's for a good cause . 

Obedience . 
Raw obedience. You cough and the 

dog comes running. You say heel and 
the dog stays glued to your side. You 
say stay and the dog don't move for 
nuthin - til you say so. You say jump 
and the dog says how high . You say 
dance and the dog does rhe mamba. 
Obedience. 

Guess what. It doesn't quite work that 
way. But it does help. [ don't jump on 
our guests anymore . And I keep my 
nose out of their business. What more 
could a dog ask? ~ 

Phil- Lauder is a former editor-in-chief 
who gets off on getting off on silly little 
tangents and calling them "the writer's i," 
appearing irregularly Oil many of these 
same stations. 

® i~Jli.s~!~ 6) 
German &. Swedish Car Specialist 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory- Trained Specialist 
Monday.Friday 8 am • 5:30 pm • Saturday '8 am • 5 pm 

~ 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(619) 275 .. 1132 IInZ (~-5 to Balboa Exit) 

- .... - San DIego, CA. 92109 
__ 0& 

* We lise and recommend Ke"dtlU" Lubricants to our customers * 

----------------------------------10% OFF · (Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
On All Repairs* With This Coupon (Not valid with any otMr coupon) 

'Expires 6/ 1186 

• 
• 

Southland Concerts' and 91X Present 
THE DANCE CONCERT OF THE YEAR! 

• • •• • 
• 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 

• 

•• • 
• • 

pl.. THE PANDORAS 
D.C.S.D. Gym Saturday, May 17th 8 p.m. 
Advance tickets: Students $11.50 General Public $13.50 

All tickets $14.50 day of show · 

~~M 
Advance tickets lit all Tlcketmllster locations Including: 

May Co., Mad Jacks, Plaza Music Shoppe. 
Fleet Exchllnge and U.C.S.D. Box Office 

• 
• 
• 

• 
• 

• 

' . 



10 Monday, May 12, 1986 

I -hr. service in most cases 

Be/ore you ~y contact lenses, 
Cbeckjor: 

1. A money back guarantee 
2. 60 day follow up period 
3. Examination, professional instruction 

and care Idt inCluded 

'.sPECIAL STUDENT HICE 
DallyWear Extended Wear 

$109 $199 
1l1E CLASSICAL EYE 
AN OPTOMETRIC PRACTICE 

LA JOLLA VllLAGf 
452-7374 

La Jolla vtltage ~1J!f4!! (rn5lOemaRlOWeflMl)" 
8657 VHIa La Jolla Drive 

UTe 
457-4791 
~tv..:rowne Cent~e 

(near Nord5ttom) 
4411 La.Jolla Villa Drive 

PARTICIAP ANTS WANTED 
Persons with butimia, the "Binge-Purge Syndrome", who 
crave carbohydrates, hinge on large quantities of food and 
often purge themselves of this food by self-induced vomiting 
or the use oflaxatives or diuretics are needed to participate in 
a research srudy, testing the effectiveness of a new anti-
bulimia and ami-depressant medication . 

Participants must be women and at least 18 years of age. 
Those accepted into the study will receive free medical tests 
and medication at no cost during the 12 week study. 

For information call: Christene at 232-4331 (Room 608, 
Harbor View Medical Center) Monday - Friday 10:00 am -
4:00 pm. 

Need 45 participants 

Effective May 13, will begin screening patients by phone 
Study will begin approximately May 28 _ and end 
approximately by September 5, 1986. 

JAMES M. FERGUSON, M.D. 
Associate Clinical Professor, UCSD 

Contact Christene Haylett 
Research AssistantlStu~y Coordinator 

There is a movie 
that you should see 
even before you 
should see it. "About Last Night..: , will not be released until 

July 2, but we wanted you to see it 
before school lets out. That'S why we're 

showing you what is really a "work in 
progress'; which in this case means that 
the sound, the music and the color are 

not Quite in a final state. 
Obviously, we're proud of 

"About Last Night..: , 
or we wouldn't be this anxious 

for you to see it. 

"about 
It'S about commitment. last 
It'S about humor. It's about sex. W-ght" 
It'S about emotion. It's about friendship. • - • 
It'S "about last night.. ... . 

TRI-STAR PICTURES PRESENTS AN ARNOLO STIEFEL AND BRETT tOKEN PRODUCTION AN EDWARD ZWICK FILM 
ROB LOWE "ABOUT LAST NIGHT .:' DEMI MODRE 

JIM BELUSHI ELIZABETH PERKINS Executive Producer ARNOLD STIEFEL 
Original Music Score by MILES GOODMAN MUSIC Supervised by BONES HOWE ~ 

Editor HARRY KERAMIDAS Production Designer IDA RANDOM Director of Photography ANDREW DINTENFASS 
Based upon "Sexual Perversity in Chicago" by DAVID MAMET Screenplay by TIM KAZURINSKY & DENISE DeCLUE 

IDl%:=r " r. I. " H' ProdUCed by JASON BREIT and STUART OKEN Directed by EDWARD ZWICK A TRI STAR RElEASE ~"I 
1986 Trt·Star PH;tures. Inc All Rights Reserved,,, I a" 

BOIlOWE 
DEMI MOORE JIM BELDSHI ELIZABETH PERKINS 

FREE SCREENING 
THURSDAY, MAY 15 

8:00 PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
sponsored by 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Tickets available May 15 at Noon at UCSD Box Office. 
Please arrive early to ensure seating. 

920Z 

esperatelg 
Seeking 

Students 
Put your conscience to 
work this Summer 
fighting for a cleaner 
environment. consumer 
rights, and good 
government Earn $165 
to $250 a week with 
CaIPIKO, the state's 
.largest citizen lobby. Call 
Tent for appt. 279-5553. 

HOUSING 
Do you need a place 

to IIv. ttli. Summer 
or Fall 01 '161 

Come to the Off-Campus 
Housing Workshop 

Thursd<::ry. May 15. 630 pm 
Cont Room. LOW'er Level 

Student Center &Jilding B 
A. panel of experta 

will c:IlCU"-
• How to find a plOce to live 
• PoUd. and Rental 
• Regulations 
• Legal Aspects 
• Viewpoints on housing 

lifestyles 
• QJestlons and At\swe( 

Periods 

SWIMWEARISPORTSWEAR 
BEACH ACCESSORIES 

A,~:rC~~a<? 
b 5iiSAN DIEGO DIVERS SUPPLY 
SAN DIEGO: 
4004 Sport. Ar.na Blvd.l223·7173 
LA JOLLA: 
7522lo Jolc toule .... rd/4'9·2691 

, 

Weak in 
the knees 

C 
A COPY 

8~X 11 
20 LB. PAPER 
COllATING 
INQ.UDED 

Continued from page 8 
After the hot and windy day 

we made our way into the Green 
Tomato. It used to be the 
Airponer Cafe , a liule restaurant 
across from the airstrip on Old 

XEROX 9500 SYSTEM 

COpy 456-Z444 
COVE tJolIa 
,.. ..... rt Sf ... .w.e Cell, 930'7 

A .tro", bodll and a .tro", mind 
tIIrlw on health food. 

No preseruative.; nothlnll added, nathl", 
taken aWCIII- food made fre.h. 

Freshlll baked PIZZA packed with cheese & Wille., 
ew'll T uesclall, 10·3 pm. 

- All You Can Eat-
May 14. CHILI & CORN BREAD. 5-7 pm. 

$3.50. GNGt Recipe. & Mu.icl 

It's the 

Highway 80. which used to be 
the only road. from San Diego to 
Arizona. We ordered Jumbo Chili 
Dogs and beer in cans. I go to 
hear aU the Soaring Club stories 
from Alan and David while a 

DRAFT ENVIIONMENT AI. 
' IMPACT REI'OIIT SUPPLEMENT 

Tht University ofeallfomia .San Dltgowill 
hold • publiC ~.ring on .~ Draft 
Envlron"", n •• 1 Impar. Repon Suppi<mtnt 
prepartd on .he In .. rucllon and Research 
FaCIlity. The public heartng will lakt plaCt on 
llJESDAY, MAY 20, 1\186 5.00 pm. -
Conftrence Room Hn Mallhews 
Admtnlstrauvt: and AcademIC Complex 
(Enter [he campus uSing Gilman Dralle Tum 
left on Meyers Onve. proceed .0 the OfT,ce or 
Gr.aduatt: StudIes & Research conrerence 
room) 

Tht prOJtct proposes the relocallon of t~ 
PhySICS H.gh Bay labom<ory pornon of 'he 
I&R Facillly(assesstd m.~ EIR <owh.ch ,hIS 
Is a Supplemen,) to a 15 aert Silt d"ec.ly 
across Miramar Road to the south of (he 
ol"lgm.1 proJec, Site The PhySICS High Bay 
labom.ory will havt .n oU.Slde gross square 
fOOlage (OGSF) of 10.'188 and an asSIgnable 
square foo",&e (ASF) of9.000 In addition. the 
fac.lity WIll have a 7 .~ square foo< outdoor 
layclown yard which Wi ll be fenctd on all 
sides The reloca,ion of the Phys.cs H.gh Day 
Labomtory will require relocallon of t~ 
campus ReceIVing and Sto~house optrauons 
to exlSlIng nearby faCililies and demolillon of 
an exISting warehoust bulldmg whoch IS 10 
fair '0 poor con dillon. 

The purpose of ,he public hearing IS 'Olai<e 
ltsumony on any new Inrormation and the 
fi ndings of the Draft Environmental Impact 
Report Supplemtnt. Writlen and oral 
staltl1"ttn15 from intcrtsted pc!fSOns or groups 
""U be acCtptcd a' ,he hearing for enllY tnto 
the htaring records. II D'anscrip' of 'he 
heanrlg wID be made and mc\ud<d ,n ,he 
Final Environmentallmpac. Report. 

The hearing record wiU be kepI open ah.er 
the public htaring umilJune i . 1986. During 
,his period. lellers and SlaternenlS may be 
submined for inclUSion in the record by 
writing. ML Pltrkia eoaum 

c..pu r ........ OIl« Q-006 
unlv<nily of ~ia, San D'" 

u.lola. Calibaio 9109) 
TEUPHONE: (61~) .'1·"" 

CopIt'S oflht DrJ.fi: EnvironmentallmpiCl Repon iiIR' 
aVallablt at the Campus PlannlO& Office at the 
address Sla(td abo\It 

I AMERICAN WCANCER 
fSOCIE1Y~ 

lady called Mary Ann played pool 
with her husband right behind 
me . Alan and David recalled 
flights and weather conditions 
and sleeping off hangovers under 
the wings, still chained to protect 

Manl!f>" May 12, 1986 11 
FEATURES 

the planes before they flew. They 
spoke with a cerrain love for 
these things, for the people they 
flew with. Anyone of us can join 
them , or at leaSt give it a 
whirl. ~ 

TIME FORA 
RESUME. 

We lenow it's a busy time for you-
Time to celebrate, tim!" to reflect. But 
it's also time to look to the future. 

Kinko's can help you prepare for 
your future. We have a wide rllllie of 
specialty papers and matching 
envdopes to give your resume the 
prof_ional loole it deserves 

Come by and see us tcxlay . There's 
no time lilee the present. 

Great COPIeS. Creat pea_ 
HOuRS 

M-Th 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs/Sav-On) 
La Jolla Village Convenience Center 

457-3775 

TIll' Bt''I1 Ofl't'r on Contad Ll'nsl''I __ . 
h l'r~ thing .' CHI nt't'd at o Ill' 10\\ ('O'lt. 

Package P~n! 
The Package Pian provides every thing - from your new contact lenses 
to vision examination and follow-up care. 

Soft Daily-Wear Lenses 

Sleep-In Lenses 
and New Fashion-Tinted Lenses 

The package includes: 
• All professional services 
• Complete eye examination 

including glaucoma test and visual fields 
• Lens evaluation and fitting 
• Pair of contact lenses for myopcs (nearsighted) 
• Care kit 
• Full inSl'ructions and training 
• Personal Vision Report 
• Two-month care program and money back guarantee 

M .. \lcrC.mJ. v"u UCI.'l'p4cd . E:.vcnm~ and 
s..,uruJ)' t.lppotnlmcnh ..Ivullablc. RcplJ\.'clllcnt 
len, Inil'c, ,Iart ut 17.00 CUl"h 
Price, li" cJ .Ire tnr III)UPC\ only. other, 
Ill.!} \lury 

Lit Jolla Center 
(Ncar UC D) 
325 1 Holiday Cl. UilC 203 
La Jolla , A 
(619) ~S7- 1181 

PROFESSIONAL 
visioncare 

CENTERS 
Mission (;lIrge Cenler 
(Ncar Stadium and SDSU) 
10405 an Diego Mis; ion Rd . 
Suite 107 

an Diego, CA 
(6 19) 283-9201 

Downtown San Diego Cenler 
(Ncar Cily College) 
1399 Ninth ve nue" uite 114 
an Diego. CA 

(619) 235-0607 

North County Center 
(In Plaza Rio Valle) 
844 San Marcos Blvd . . u i l~ III 
San Mareos. CA 
(619) 744-2611 



12 Monday, May 12, 1986 

Slipping past the rock for the crown 

NCldonGl ChGmps; Mmtbtrs oj UCSD's 1986 women's waterpolo team. Front (I-r); Jennifer 
Rennic/(, Monica Alexy-Carter, Annie Gayle, Rayanne Rivera, Karin Givens, Sharon Kiefer. 

Back row (I-r) Allison Shoenfeld, Mary Bolich, Amanda Palmquist, Jenny Hohne and Janel! 
Lowt. 

By GUSTAVO SANTOYO, Contributing Editor 

FOR SOME ON the UCSD ~oesnl go unnoticed for tOO long women's waterpolo team , 10 thIS sportS mecca. 
winning the national "It was really great: said Karin 

championship didn't sink in Givens, who ended her 
right away. But after visiting a collegiate career in the 
popular Boston bar named The championship game. "Boston is a 
Dockside, the celebration really very sports-oriented town, so 
began. when they found out what we 

The waterpolo team defeated 
the Slippery Rock State 
University (Pennsylvania) 6-4 at 
the USA Waterpolo Women's 
Collegiate National 
Championship at Harvard 
University in Cambridge 
Massachusetts. 

The team had gone to The 
Dockside after becoming national 
champs, but a title like that 

452-0630 
UCSD Sludent Center 

had done, they announced it to 
everyone else in the bar and 
that's when it hit me as to what 
we had done." 

For coach Denny Harper, it 
was a Story book ending. "I can't 
say enough about this team ," 
said Harper, who coached the 
women to his first national 
championship in waterpolo. 
''This is really a special group of 
girls." 

WORD 
JOURNEYS 
A TRAVELLER'S 
BOOKSTORE 

To go on a trip 
without first visiting 
Word Journeys is'' 

like going to 
Mozambique 

without 
Malaria pills. 

Come see us . We have 
the largest selection of 

travel books in 
Southern California . 

731 S. Hwy. 101 
Salona Beach, CA 92075 

(619) 481 ·4158 

Getting to the championship 
game was not the easiest of 
accomplishments for the Triton 
squad after destroying Bucknell 
23-1 and host Harvard 20-3 had 
to face a little stiffer competition 
from the west coast. UC Davis 
couldn't stop the Triton train 
and lost 9-4. 

Then came the rematch with 
Stanford. Earlier in the year, 
UCSD went up to Palo Alto and 
beat the defending national 
champions in their own pool 9-
3, making this game a perfect set 
up for the grudge match. UCSD 
had a comfortable 10-5 lead 
going into the fourth quarter 
when the Tritons began to fall 
apart defenSively. The Cardinals 
outscored UCSD 4-1 , the first 

wwcGSr 
AUTO 

INSURANCE 
Special College 

Student Program 
To qualify. 

undergraduate students 
must have 12 units, 
Graduate students 
must have 8 units 

Call for Immmediale quote. 
560-9055 

Offered through: 
oak Leaf 

Insurance Agency 

~ 
.,40 Keamy vw. Rd. 

Suite 110 
near Balboa Ave. It 163 

San Diego, CA gUll 

time that has happened all year 
for the Tritons, but still came up 
short and lost to UCSD 11-9. 

The championship rumed out 
to be a classic confrontation. 
"Slippery Rock has been an east 
coast powerhouse for the past 
ten years ," said Harper. "I knew 
it would be a great game." 

Slippery Rock coach Dick 
HunckIer's number one priority 
was to stop UCSD's Jenny 
Hohne . Jenny Hohne is 
probably the best driver in the 
country and I knew if we could 
comain her and try to get some 
of their weaker shoOlers the ball, 
we'd be in good shape. We did 
exactly what we planned to do, 
but she's so good that she still 
scored three goals." 

3¢ XEROX COPIES 
WITH STUDENT 10 

We take 
the haule out- .. 

• POItal Mailbox Rentals. 
Open 24 hr •. 

• Parcel ShippinK • 
Fed. Express, UPS, Purolator 
• MailinK Materials. 

• Audio Cauette DupinK. 
• Pa .. port Photos • 

3368 Governor Dr. #F 
n~.x[ w ,hL' Pun Ufj&u! 
III Ilk: &J( &U, CA.-nh." 

(619) 457 .. 1072 
Mon.-Fri. 8 am-7 pm 

Sat. 8 am-6 pm 

The usually calm Harper was 
having a hard time relaxing. "II 
gOl real hairy. That final game 
was one of the most nerve-
wracking games I've ever 
coached ," said Harper. "When 
they cut it to 5-4 it was pretty 
scary, but when we got the ball 
with 40 seconds left, I knew we 
had won. 

Jenny Hohne was co-MVP 
(along with Mara Battles, goalie 
for Slippery Rock), and she 
certainly impressed Hunckler. 
"She is definitely a bonafide 
superstar on that team," said 
Hunckler. "Karin GIvens also 
played well in the hole, but 
Hohne does it all. We reaDy 
didn't have anyone that could 
match up with her." rm 

NUMBER ONE 
SlJClI938 

CAUDAn. MIMII'_ 
CUSSES ON CAMPUS 
4780 Clazremont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117·2006 
(619) 277-6744 

P,rmln.,., C.", •• In More Then 
125 MliO< U.S C,t,." I\b/o.cI 

fer III_II. AMIl 01'. c.tl" 
OUTIIIIE II. Y. STArt 

CALL TOLL FIIH ... 123-1711 

Parking 
Continued from page 3 

InstaUing the bike lanes will 
also eliminate some of the 
precarious situations that arise 
when one tries to cross North 
Torrey Pines Road. 

By this summer, some 
immediate relief from the current 
situation may be seen. A lot near 
the Basic Science Building 01T 
Gilman will proVide 400 parking 
spaces. 

The parking lot has taken 
several months to complete. The 
expanding development of the 

area surroundi ng the university 
provided fill dirt for free , but it 
came in at a slow rate. 

"I never knew fill dirt could 
cost so much ," Rey said, "but if 
we hadn 't done this , the cost of 
the lot would have been double 
what it is." 

Desperation has caused many 
people to risk getting a parking 
ticket, and many times that risk 
has failed . Last year there was a 
total of 46,501 cited for parking 
violations. Almost a fourth of 
those were expired-meter 
violations. ~ 

U D The UCSD Summer Session begins June 23 and includes an exciting range of courses from virtually every campus depart-
ment. Classes are beginning to 
fill up, so register todayl for 
your free catalog, drop by the 
Summer Session Office, lOlA 
Administrative Complex, Mon-
day through friday 8· 4:30, or 
phone 452-4364. 

SUMMER 
SESSION 
1 9 

THE 

8 6 

CHINESE STUDIES PROGRAM 

CHINESE 
LANGUAGE COURSES 

FALL 1986 

CHINESE STUDIES 11 
CHINESE STUDIES 21 
CHINESE STUDIES 111 
CHINESE STUDIES 121 

First Year Chinese 
Second Year Chinese 
Third Year Chinese 
Fourth Year Chinese 

5 Units 
.. Units 
4 Units 
.. Units 

Mrs. Hu 
Mrs. Hu 
Mrs. Hu 
Mrs. Hu 

COURSES APPLY TOWARD 
COLLEGE REQUIREMENTS AS WELL AS 

THE MAJOR/MINOR IN CHINESE STUDIES 

For more information c:a114S2-6477. 

MorliJav, Mav 12. 1986 13 
- NEWS 

Hello ••• Guarela.n? 
Did you liar they're putting In I 

tricycle line on Torrey Plna? 

Gotta hot news tip?1 (all Niki and Suzanne at 
452-6580, or come by the Gu~rdian office. 

The home of the 
~ j j IY\ 39¢ hamburger 
~L::~r-)'-'\""rtJ 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

f.¥+ ---ALL AME~ICANMEAL --- f.¥+ ~--------------------~ Quarter Pounder ® WIth Cheese or Big M,!c ®, II Large Fry, Medium Size Soft Drink L. .. k ,.111< 1 1001 1 "nl II 
1.11 Limit one coupon per . Just $1.991111 customer, per visit. Please II present coupon when (plu~ ta,,) II 
I I ordering. Not valid with any II 
l ather offer. Only at: I I 7I4('MiramarRd. I b. Good thru . San DieK" ~ 

~~:~~:---------------~ 

(Left to rightJ Jack~, SteYe Ames, ChrIstina Ng, Uayd Chert (MlsslngJ Karen 
DeMoof' 

What a name for a 'badminton' team. I always thought 
badminton players wore white and ptayed with a birdie. 
You know, a game of gent~men and ladles. 
But not the Coed A team I(jl~r. Led by Uoyd Chen, they 
are "killer" when It COll1eS to badminton. They don't just 
win 15-13, but go out and tty to destroy their competition. 
They have a ~rd name but a great team. Good luck the 
rest of the way. 



tted.o. 6C\\~ ) ( ) 
0 O( ( : ~ ~e ( ) I I~) ) 

First Annual Health 
and Fitness Faire 
Wednesday, May 14 

Revelle Plaza 10:30 to 2:30 
Free fitness screening, blood tests, skin 
screening and information check it out! For 

more information call 452-2419. 

Get involved in next year's AS 
If you have a proven working knowledge of 

parliamentary procedure, the AS invites you to 
apply for the appointment of AS 
Parliamentarian. Call Greg Hom, x4450. 
Thanks! 

C'mon, don't delay any longer 
Attend the Well Woman Session THIS week 

on Thursday, May 15 from noon to 1 pm 
upstairs at the health center. You are 
guaranteed to get the best women's health 
information you'll get all week! Trust us! For 
more information call Chris at 452-2180. 

Need money this summer? 
Why flip hamburgers this summer? Learn how 

to plan for a lucrative summer business from 
venture capitalist Buzz Woolley and a panel of 
successful student entrepreneurs. Come to a 
hands-on workshop of ACE, the Association of 
Collegiate Entrepreneurs, Tuesday, May 20, at 7 
pm in North Conference Room. Refreshments. 

Get involved in the journal 
More than a club, it is an experience. Pre-Law 

Journal Meetings on Tuesday, 5:30 pm in Revelle 
Informal Lounge. We need good people, we need 
good articles. 

Party at the Che Cafe 
KSDT and the Che Cafe present the Cardiff 

Reefers and The Slurps at the Che Cafe Friday, 
May 16 at 8 pm. Tickets are $3.00 and 
"Refreshments" are available. Call 452-3673 for 
information. 

Can we imagine life after death? 
Presentation by Bill Gray, philosophy 

professor, specialist in lingUistic analysis and the 
philosophy ofWittgenstein. A discussion follows. 
7 pm Thursday, May 15 in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. Sponsored by Rationalists at UCSD. 

Three more weeks until summer!!! 
Let AS Lecture Notes Setvice take you through 

the ending weeks of this quarter comfortably. 
Supplement your own messy, disorganized notes 
with neady typed, thorough ones. You will be 
supplied with knowledge-filled notes for only 
$12.00 If you subscribe now, you will receive back 
sets as well. Your last three weeks will be less 
stressed! Location is across from the Food Co-op. 
M-F 10-4. 

Fall is far away 
But if you are planning on doing an internship 

through the AS Internship Office this fall, the time 
to start planning is now. Don't miss out on the 
opportunity to get work experience in your field 
of interest before you graduate - stop by ASIO 
today for more information. Application deadline 
for fall quarter internships is this Friday! ASIO is 
located above the game room in the student 
center. 452-4689. We are open Mon-Fri, 9 am to 
3 pm. 

L 1\ l' cH [11 t' 7 ,-It ( ) 11 P II h 
This Friday, ~1ay 16 at 4:30 pnl 
Hollywood Fats & Friends 

Guitar player {(n- thl' Blasters 
FIlIlTIUlnlllOll cln,i ')]('Il t'llT\ \\It'i,' lI! lill' IliL!!1 
Puh In lilt' Sltull"ll (["lilT. 

College Republicans Meeting 
Thursday, May 15 at 7 pm in the Multi-Purpose 

Room of the Student Center. Anyone interested in 
becoming part of the club's leadership for ,next 
year should attend. Find out about the upcoming 
beach party. 

Receive a free, on-campus publication 
Majorca, a student publication for "sensitive" males 

and "self-reliant" women at UCSD, is offering free 
subscription to students and faculty with on-campus 
boxes, To get yours, simply send your name and box 
number to: Majorca, B-023, UCSD. Your first issue 
which features an interview with AS President Ma~ 
Rose Alexander, will arrive shortly. 

All Campus Volleyball Tourney 
The Inter-College Residence Hall Association is 

sponsoring a 6-person (3 men, 3 women) volleyball 
tournament at LaJolla Shores on Sunday, May 18 from 
10 am to 3 pm. BBQ for $l. Must sign up by Friday, May 
16 at and Resident Deans office, MOM or Why Not 
Here? Prizes to 1st. 2nd and 3rd place teams. 

II , 

~ . 

UCSD Water Ski Club 
UCSD Water Ski Club meets cvel)7 Sunday 

8:30-11 :30 am at the Mission Bay Aquatic Center 
(488-1036). $10.00 dues covers both spring and 
summer, $8.00 to ski each day (3 runs). Call 
MBAC to sign up in advance (by Thursday). Show 
up and shread. For more information call Jess at 
275-2492. 

Padres Potluck 
Join us for a Padres game and tailgate poduck 

- $3.50 (General Admission), May 17 at 4 pm. All 
welcome! Sign up in the foyer of the Uriiversity 
Lutheran Church. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Student Coordinators. For more info call 452-
1957. 

- Effective Communication Skills 
SAM, Society for Advancement of Management 

presents: Dale Carnegie presentation on methods~ to 
improve your ' verbal skills - strengthening your 
interview presentation and your ability to influence 
others. All are welcome to attend on Wednesday, May 14 
at 7 pm in the Revelle Formal Lounge. 

Sweden: Affluence and Equality 
Dr. Jan-Enik Lane, a visiting professor in the Political 

Science department from Umea University, will be 
speaking. He has recendy authored the bm)k "Politics 
and Society in Western Europe. Wednesday, May 14 at 
7 pm in the International Center Lounge. 

Japanese Dinner 
Saturday, May 17 from 6:30 to 9:30 pm in the 

International Center. Sign-up early. 0l!ly 50 spaces 
available. Purchase tickets in advance at the 
International Center. Tickets not available the day ofthe 
event. $5 per ticket. 
La Jolla Marathon Relay 

All runners, organizations, clubs and greeks. The first 
annual Team Relay Race at UCSD is Saturday, May 24, 
many divisions, pick up applications at EDNA, MOM or 
AS office. Fee includes Barbeque and patty aftetwards. 

, 

Come celebrate with the UJS 
The Union of Jewish Students are holding Oneg 

Shabbat in Revelle Formal Lounge on Friday, May 16 
at 6:30 pm. Come join us for our last oneg of the year. 
Call Nathan Bernstein at 456-2416 for more info. 

I 'C.~J) Polltllul Fli,n Sent's 
Before the Revolution 
Friday, 111ay 16 at 7 pnl 

TLH ll)7 FREE TLH 107 FREE 

Interested in computers? 
Join the Association Tor Computing Machinety. 

General meeting on Thursday, May 15 at 6 pm in 
HSS 1330. Elections and upcoming events. Be there 
or B2. New members welcome. 

SAMmies charity drive 
Sigma Alpha Mu presents "Bounce for Beats" our 

national fundraiser to benefit the American Hean 
. Association. Come join us for our 100 hours of 

bouncing on a trampoline. May 12-16 on the Revelle 
Plaza. 

Chicano ·Graduation 
Anyone interested in panicipating in the· 

Chicano Graduation ceremonies on June 
15, 1986, please submit your name at the 
MEChA office or l~ave a message for Amalia 
at x3760. Deadline to submit name is May 
16. 

SWE Meeting 
Interested in becoming a SWE officer? If 

so, come to the meeting on Tuesday, May 13 
at 5 pm in Urey 2102. Election will be held 
at 5 pm and our guest speaker from Loral 
Terratom will ~iscuss Engineering 
Management at 5:30. Everyone welcome 
and refreshments will be served. 

I~ter-Varsity Christian Fellowship 
Meets every Wednesday nite at 7 pm in Chancellor's 

Complex lIlA. Absolutely everyone is invited to attend 
these meetings which consist of a time of worship in 
singing and prayer. learning from" the guest speakers 
and spending time with a great bunch of folks. Meetings 
are a good time to get to know other people on this large 
and impersonal campus as well as the person of Christ. 
So, come one, come all. We would love to see you there. 

.. 

W'-



' . 

16 Monday. May 12. 1986 

..... -

Classified -..ertlslni s~ Is sold In I~ 
ch .. .:ter Inaements. e.ch letter. punauatlon 
m .. k ... d s~ beCwoMn words Is consIdered 
• chllr.:ter. wtth CllPItM letters countIng • 
t\NO chW-.:ters. The r.e per 100 ch .. «ten Is SI 
t»r JtUdena. S3 t»r t.culty .,d SUIff • .,d 54 t»r 
ottws. PIIyment In .tv ... ce Is requIred; 
1herefore, _ nut be m. lled with • check 
frrwde out to The UCSD Gwlrdl ... , or presented 
In penon. DeadlInes .. e 4 pm TuescUy t»r 
Thundlly's piper, 4 pm FrtcUy tbr Mondlly's 
peper. The Gu.-dl... reserves the right to 
reAlse .-ry ~"i Indudtng but not 
IImfted to compMlonshlp .,d ~ _. 
For more Intbrmatlon c.II 452-3466. The 
Gu.-dl ... , UCSO, 8-016, Ut Joll •• CA 92093. 

Personals 
Is your apartITlent a pig-sty? Is there trash piled to the 
ceilings? Then contac.t SA!: Delta-dass ~an-up ~es 
Mon.-Wed. We dNn kitchens. IMng rooms and 
bathroomsl 56.00 on. and 58.00 orr campus. Booth at 
Rto.IeIIe f'Iaza.e( 5/12) 

lose weight sa~ on a tiWltastlc new nutritional plan 
deYeIoped ~ nobeIlaJreates In science. 546-0232. (5/15) 

\Mlo will bt! the 1986 ~Ion Queen? The tension 
builds. (5/15) 

Do you like voI~l? Food? SUn? Fun? Prizes7 Register 
}Our 6 ~ (3 men. 3 \IVOITIerl) team br the liOIIe:roa" 
IXlUmey on StxIday. May 18 at ~ ..blla Shores grass courts. 
10 am-3 pm 890 only S1I Sign up in the Res. Dean's otnce, 
~ Not Here7 Or MOM ~ Friday, May 16. Sponsored ~ 
ICRAA NI WI!Icome. (5/15) 

Delta S1gs: CarnatJon Ball IS QOIng to bt! the rage- ot all 
time! Hope to see Ner'f Delta Sig there. It you hiJllen't 
bou!11t your tickets do It nowl Don't mean to brag. but 
DSP de1Inlte/y has c/assl Gyro. (5/12) 

#@lTenayaahl Felida dyselNnySo~c. Hi!M'S1 Sony I 
haven't bt!en ~. It's not ~ taJlt, Halle a great day! (5/12) 

PEf'PERUPS- Know anyone who w ants an Audi Fox 76 
with great stereo, ITl>9 and drives WIth lots ot GUTS7 Tell 
them to call 421-9177 and brIng 51200 In CASHI (5/12) 

Delta Sig Pledge Gio: You're a coolf/ttJe bral Hang in there, 
you'/I bt! an act~ in 5 monthsl Let's get together and 
damage our livers some night-the "rst case is on me. Your 
gt:>dy big bro Gyro. (5/12) 
Commuter breakfast: Wed. May 14, 7:»9:00 am in the 
Commuter lounge for on~ 50¢ Come andjoin us. (5/12) 

Gday Matel Do you get along well with Kangaroos and 
Koalas? ConsIder studying in Australia for 1987. 
Application deadline Friday, May 10. Come ~ the 
International Center for rTl()(e info. 452-3730. (5/12) 

ATTENTION: AS SemI-formal pictures are badel PleilSC.' 
pIck them up in the AS busJness otllce. (5/12) 

INSPIRATION. Bio 15 last yei1l, SJIW you with ~ the 
other ~ how about dinner sometime 7 The guy with 
the blonde sister .. . PAUl 457-1792. (5/12) 

Sarrrnies, you guys played a great game - we don't care 
W1at the standings are, you're still #1 with usl /.DYe, your 
proud sisters, Kim M. & Cheryl. PS Chris R.- You are a stud. 
/5/12) 
HANGiNG AROUND SAN DIEGO THIS SUMMER? Well. 
so i1Ie weI Come in and take a break with the Acac/emlc 
Internship Program, s~what we can do foryoulMonclay-
-Friday 8 :00-12:00 and 1-00-4:30. 406 we. (5/22) 

TIred ot libt!ral protest ralUes 7 Come and hear former 
J<.&.8C T.V. Commentator 8ruce HersdlensotYl speak Tues. 
May 13 on the gym steps. (5/12) 

Announcements 
Commuter breakfast: Wed. May 14 7:»9:00 am in the 
Commuter bunge tor on~ 50¢. Come andjoin us. (5/12) 
Earn S50C}-s2200 mo. prt-tm. 55000-S10,OOO nl-tm. Make 
your 0\M1 tnl Call nowl Eric at 755-3976. (6/5) 

Earn S500-52200 mo. prt-tm. 55000-510,000 nl-tm. Make 
;our 0\M1 tTSI Call nowl Eric at 755-3976. (6/5) 

Does stu~ In Ausualia entice you7 Consider a year 
"down under" with UCs own Education Abroad 
Program. Application deadline Friday, May 10. Contact the 
International Center, 452-3730 tor more info. (5/12) 

SPEND THE. SUMMER AND/OR 1980-87 SCHOOl YEAR 
IN SUNNY SPAIN. Quality instruction at ecorl<ll1¥ prices: 
business administration. hispanic studies. arts. and 
sciences. GRADUATE courses in mpanic studies, artS and 
sciences. GRADUATE COURSES IN HISPANIC STUDIES 
olfered In Ju~. Contact: Admissions. St louis lJniversity, 
221 North Grand 81vd .. Sl Louis, MO 63103. Toll-fr~ tel.: 
(000) 325-6666. (5/12) 
CARDIFF REEFERS, and the Slurps at the Chi! Ca~, Friday 
May 16, 8:00 pm. Admission only S3.oo at the door. 
PrtSerlted ~ KSDT and the Ow! Ca~. Info. 452-3673. 
(5/15) 
Hear former J<.&.8C TV. commentator and U.S. Senate 
Candidate 8ruce Hersdlensom speak May 13 on gym 
steps. (5/12) 

Proaden of Sdence Pall; 1986 
Prollden of ScIace 138 

IE, W(Q) llUll fui(Q)rm~ 
Th<e ll.J rmiiw<eIr~<e1l ILn~<e &: JHIUlll1ml&rmntty 

(Science of Emergence) 

Tu-Th, 4:00-5:50 pm, Rm HSS 1330 
An interdisdplinary synthesis of the prindples underlying the process 
by which the universse evolved. The course will range from 
consideration of subatomic particles to galactic dusters and from the 
"Big Bang" to the development ofUfe and human civt1ization, including 
prospects for the future. Emphasis will be placed on how the 
revolutionary transformations that sdence is undergoing provide a new 
framework for centuries-old epistomolo~ca1 and philosophical 
debates. 

Pre,. ........ · ..... Jeaenl ed.dOD reqaIre ...... III aataral 
ldace or the equlwaleat 01' CODMat of ~. 

PIolator COord Glob .... n tpOUlble fAcaIty .... ber 

....---------Guat Lecturers wtIIlndude: ---------, 

Hannes AlNen. UCSD 
Gustaf Arrhenius. UCSD 
Theodore Bullock. UCSD 
Geoffioey BurbidQe. UCSD 
Russell Doolittle. UCSD 
C]6)rd Grobsteln. UCSD 
Theodore MeInechuk. UCSD 
Stanley Mmer. UCSD 

LesUe Orgel. Salk Institute 
Jonas Salk. Salk Institute 

H, ~neS~.UCSD 
Wllliam Thompson. UCSD 
Erik Trinkaus. U, of New Mexico 
Len Tronca1e. CSPU 
Sherwood Washburn 

A YN RAND readers and stuclents of Olljecttvism meeting 
SUndays II am - 2 pm. Home ScMngs of America, 4311 ~ 
Jolla \Illlage OM, lkliversity Towne Centre. (6/5) 

Services 
WORD PROCESSING: Fast service. 51. 75/page. ~s 
pickup/delivefy. ArY1y ~rence, 222-2345. (6/6) 

Typing: 17 yrs experience. Dissertations, theses, tech"tCal, 
SClentitic, equations. Eileen 279-3827. (6/5) 

Word processing/tast, accurate, reliable campus 
pickup/delivery Cheryl-Mesa Apt$. 457- 2188 eves til 9. 
(6/5) 

WORD PROCESSING. Pro~1. kJaywk. exc. English 
skills, student rates. 755-2683. (6/5) 

Learn to play like a pro. Guitar, base and voice fesM)ns 
457-9696. (5/12) 

Word Processing and/or copyedIting: call WOROCRAFT. 
Fast, reiab/e service by exp'd professional. Campus p/dc-
up and deIM!Iy. No job is too small or too rushed. Usa at 
581-3684, (6/5) 

'M:>rd Processing at its bt!st, flexible houfl: Call 229-9197 
for appointment. (5/22) 

. 

Exec Sec. to type (word proc.) for students. Acrurate. fast 
turnaround. SI .75/pg db $p. Caroline 574-6228. (5/22) 

Word processing: I»-it-your-self and 5aIo'e. Call 229-9197 
for Info and ~ntment. (5/22) 

World Class word processing. On campus. affordable 
IS1.5O/pg), fast. Call 455-9709 or come ~ Tioga H31. 
(5/15) 

WORD PROC. - 51.75 pg - Let Nadine type yourterm 
paper/thesis on an IBM-PC Fast & Accurate. 587-0496. 
(6/5) 

TRAFFIC ClASSES: Court apprCM!d. Torrey Pines Inn, 
U.T.C .. Mission Valley, Ibr registratIOn, 296-0233. (5/12) 

Typing/Word Processing. 13 yei1ls pro~1 experience 
to !telp youl Clairemont 277-92BO. (5/19) 

Lost & Found 
lost: Gold tnceiet medium-weight square-linked chain. 
Sentimental. Please call Christina 453-6785. (5/12) 
lost. Patrick all-b.JI1 cleats at warren field Trurs. May I. Call 
Jon at 453-7468. (5/12) 

lost: 8rown VU¥nel sunglasses In HSS 1330 on Wed. 5/7. 
Call Scott 455-9797. (5/15) 

I found a Texas Ins. calaJlator in llH 105 Wed #!Ye. Yours7 
Call 452-9113 to da/m (5/12) 

found: 8rown leather wallet at Rf!YI!Ile post omcr 5/7. 1.0. 
inside, but no phone. Call to Identity. Becd 571-4821. 
IS/IS) . 

lost: Patrick all-turt cleats at warren field 1h.Jrs .• Moly 1. 
Call Jon at 453-7468. (5/12) 

For Sale 
Recaro seat mocIel KRS blade, b/aupunlct spiers in heaQ-est. 
~ paid 5500 nfNV ITlJSt sac 5300 call 481-2640. (5/12) 

Rip curl insulator II wetsult 5100. SUrf racks mount on rain 
gutter 520.00. Jay 452-4383 457-2162. (5/15) 

Color TV ZeMh remote control 27" in 42" oak frame. 2 
Pirelli P7's lOS/SO VR 15. 8rand new surf racks. O'Neiil 
max wet suit exc condo 2 trnnis rackets, 1 racketOilIl racket. 
Best olfers. Take call 587-3651. (5/19) 

I need someone to take good care at mel I'm a '67 \NJ 
8ugl I haIIe new Interior, new paInt, new mome, new 
stereo, and I run greatl Buy me soonl 52.000 neg. Call Eric 
at 755-39761 (5/12) 

HEALTH conscious people. NutritIOn plan ~. by 2 Nobel 
PrIze winners. Call Ti1Ia 457- 1106. (5/15) 

n Vega 4-sp Rebuilt eng. runs nne. LooI<s ok. 5300 000 
must sell-Kevin 457-3016 alter 5 pm (5/15) 

SAll.8OARDl181C25O ike new-Salled 4 times-S45O or7 call 
Michelle 225-1857. (5/19) 

72 Toyota Carina AM/FM cassette stereo. 5500 (cheap) 
Call Kns at 457-2740. (5/15) 

Roland SI .. /-IOI Mono-phontc synth. t<ey-tx>¥d. ~~ 
condo Accessories. S270/000 ChriS 695-8679. (5/15) 

Refrigerator-Frostless, energy-sallef Ib-cublc tef!( 5150 or 
bt!st o~. (5/19) 

84 Specialized StjufTl)ef Sport XT, sillier, 19.5", SPOd cond, 
lit anyone 5.6 to 6, Cost 5500, sell 5309, 450-1211 . (5/151 

Must sell, ~er used ultra acoustiC;S 300. Loudspeakers 
pro~ssionaI studio sound equipment. 'M:>rth 51500, 
sacrifice for S500 or bt!st offer. Call 541-1829 Tue & Ttl.t 
after <I pm. (5/12) 

'62 WJ./ M.tst sell ~ bt!autlful Kar~ Ghia. ~ due 
and can't alrofd twO cars. ~at Uf in good COIldftIOn. 
Make olfer. TamM, 544-1016 or 452-9625, (5/15) 

70 Chevy Nov ... ImmiC. cond, new 400 ru in. sm. tiod<. 
new turbo 400 trans.. custom interior and paint. POlished 
center lines WIth TA radials. Oller 59000 inIIested. will 
sacrifice for S4800/bet. 695-8679/T1m. (5/15) 
Acari 800 w/a;ve & software $0420 Epson fx80 pnrur 
S310. Hayes smartll'lOdem S15O. 453-/079. (5/19) 

Car Troubles 7 Used car diOlgrlOSis. tune ups. briolltes. 
Lowest rates In toWn. Mobile, Sun equip. GI/)'n 259-
9827. (5/12) 

1977 P¥nouth Volare 6 cylmders. 4 new ores, onglnal 
owner, bo~ in good shape. Best olfer. Call Ruth 226-4081 
eves. or 452-6329 12-5. (5/12) 

6 '1" Nectar Twin Fin ctlanneIed. nfNV leash, b/o aver 590. 
Ga¥I. 259-9827. (5/12) 

Help Wanted 
Needed irnrnI!cNtr¥ Phone pr05 .IIW!II. ~ for 
011 new ~ Beadl otllce. CorMnient Iocatlon. 
excellent wortdng conditions plJs IIexlbIe schedJles for 0111 
studerlCS. I'Ikl seiling. 55/tT. gLWiWlteed plus dOIi~ & 
weekly boruses. Should _. 58-512 hour. Call 75~ 
8257. (5/12) 

Challenge yourself this surrvner as a counselor at Jameson 
ROInctl ~. Nftd IT\atln ~ to \IIQtI with chilcftn 
in a rusdc mountain setting who hM! sldlls - i.e., 
horlebadc riding. hOrse vaulting. rock dimtlIng. 11151. 
Cooks also needed. ~ or GIll .aneson Ra1ch C~, 
Glennville, CA 93226/(805)536-8888, (5/12) 
Ei1In exIT .. ITIOrleY PlOilloCing hrOllth. Wortd renowned 
scientists and Nobef-laJrNts /aile panlcipaed in the 
development d a pn:M!n ootritJoNI forrruIOI and weiSt' 
loss plan. The ~ Includes .. ~ equitable, 

~supported business opportunity wortcing )'OUf 
own hours. 274-3036. TIm UroI (5/15) 

TACO TIME NOW HIRING Apply In person 2-6 pm at 
8867 \Ilb ~ ..bl/a Dr. (ROIIph's C~ Ct!f1ter) 
53.55-56.oo/tT baed on experlencr. (5/15) 

LOOKING FOR A JOB7 WANT flEXIBlE WORKING 
HOl.JRS7 YOU CAN CMN 
OIIIce Aut. in ~ .JoHa OIIIce - typing. filing. phones. 
transalptlon \MlrCI proc. lword perfect and easywriterl. 
56.00 an hour. Please send resurnt to: SUIte 175 5666 ~ 
Jolla 811id. ~ ~ CA 92037. 15/12) 
GONE FOR THE SUMMER? ~ you /eiI\I'e ~ br a 
FAll. INTERNSHIP. Be SMNrT. gil &'lead start with the 
~ Internship PrtvOlm 406 we. (5/22) 
Entrepeneunal SPIRIT Corp IS seeklong 5 people to work 
w/us In marketing. Call Ti1Ia 457-1106. (5/15) 

How to get 0Ihead NowI Where will yo bt! in 5 years7 We 
can show you a w~ ID IlNnciaI freedom. The proc1Jct? 
Cemitin AmericiI food suppjIn .. 1tS made from flower 
pollen. Call tod¥ 8emice-944-108O. (5/15) 
Part-time job opportunities. lklItrMed earning potentlOll. 
FlexIble hours. YII DOIvId 546-0232. (5/15) 

NCR is IooIdng A)r severOil scudI!nts to n. pad Intern 
position In the fields d CDfIllUUr science and InfarmatIon 
systems (traIring people to 1M penoniII ~). For 
more info. stop ~ ASIC soon. (5/19) 

CornmuriCatIon rNjors: 1t1Is job is A)r youl \IIotIrk wiltl .. 
~d moWlg 1I,,1I!"_1IdiI15l1rm e~ 55-8 per hcu. 
If InfiI!rested CIII Usa Osbom. f"ro!1Im drtclOr at 58~ 
1589 br spMg and sunmer ~ 15/12/ 

Wanted 
Need GIIh 7 1" rent 'JOIX 1a\1 PC/XT or l&MIor true 
CXlIT1pICitlle) at 4-7 tn,ImonIh. KevIn 450-0665. (5/12) 
ARE YOU OVEINIEIGHn WlIpted: 25 people to lose 
'~. HerbaNfe-100'110 gtWantI!ed ~I 97'1b keep 

~ 0," Fe.-. approved, ~ and nutritious I 
Call nowI Eric at 755-3976. (6/5) 

Rtttm/Lead guitarist wares to joln/brm rock band for 
tjgs in summer & next yeN. Willing to play anything KGB-
FM ~ O!her musiciOlllS Interested call Rob 270-2711. 
~ home br ~ cat. She's two ysls old and "xed. Call 
SUe 581-0765 (serious animal /oilers only/) (5/15) 

/-/aYe pictures ot "The BevId" (4th act at 3rd College Talent 
Show)7 Please contact usa 452-9041 (5/12) 

Housing 
A condo for summer - 319 barns, 2 bath. Huge kitchen, 
spac. MIg rm. Pool, jacuz. lC).I5 min. walk to UCSD. 457-
427B. (6/5) 

LA JOllA DEL SUR S 5 5 5250.00 rebate $0460.00 & up. 
OFFERING 'Small StudIos· LMge studios' Jr. I br· lBR· 
LargeISR· Next to WInd n 58· Newly Carpeted· New 
~. VIews· New~ /and5aped 310,330. 340 
Playa del SUr, ~ ..blla, See Mgr. 330 #11459-6690 (5/15) 

Mission Be«h ocean li'ont. ocean/bay YIN apts-studio 1-2 
br bt!a.J bfully rur",sh some with dishwash, mk:rowiM.' 
IIrpIace awll 9/86-6/87 535CH1000/mo parking patIO 
Jaunay apply now 485-7319 Jean. (6/5) 

2 br 2ba ocnli'nt. tur~ aptS parking palo 9/86-6/87 
5875-5950/mo 259-1457 "'"34. No pets. (6/5) 
2 eay-ooinQ students seek quiet female to stwe brand 
new 2 $tor,,-twnhouse. Own rm +bOIth. 5min. ID UCSO, 
pool. TV, tennis, rr'iaOWlNe. S4OO/mo +1/3 utll. 
AVai1.9/15 QlI Kim or Colleen 453-4803. IS/IS) 

Summer room br rerl.-6/23-9/2, S6OO. 5 bdrm house In 
l.k1iv City. FeminIst 1lousehoIO-\/\IOINfl onIy-450-9731. 
(5/12) 

Luxury cord) in So,.,.. 1Je«h r1Hd5 I ~e r~ to 
shife a hugr mater ~. \IVOIIk In closet, 0\M1 sir*. 2 
microw...es, 2 pools. 2j«llz, 2 tIennis ats, on bNCh,lJlIy 
rurmhed. M.tst bt! /'emile, non-drugger, flOO-smoker, 
qUIet and JluCIous saence ~ prefIrrred. 5250/mo. 
PINse all 4Il-l29O. (5/22) 

ltIornmited w.tted: To rent mater bl!Ct"oom st.ut1g 
6/16. CiIImwI Dr I...J -bIOI. COllI IIriIn or Arne 457-44 19. 
(5/12/ 

1IIIrtted: 211'n1. rOOfl'W'flOatft ID stwe rm In .. .3 bctm I...J ~ 
mndD begin 6/86. U. 453- 797645301161. 15/221 

House for rent 3bd/2b1Ctl w/rJlllllf 1IQ)III'd. !pOICIous 
Av.Wlble ~Junr S95O/month COlli 457-1847. (5/19) 


