
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

E L 'E C T ION S '86 

Deb Simon 
Potluck 

Randy "Bro" Johnson 
Independent 

John Riley 
The Four Point Plan 

Gregory Wilpert 
SUDS 

Micki Archuleta 
Independent 

Greg McCambridge 
Independent 

• Triton makes history 
Freshman Rick Nowak 
pit hed himself into 
the re ord books with a 
no-hitter. 

I 
tl' 

• Victim of WWII paranoia 
Minoru Yasui talks about his 
WWII American internment and 
how Professor Peter Irons helped 
him out. ll~~ ~ Page 12 

...... ,~~~!I!I!P.~~~~~ ........ ~~r-' ::~\\-::' .......................... ~~; ........... :.: .• ,:.:.:':':;:',':':':':':':':':':':':':-:.:-:"3 t.! •• :.:.:.:.:.: ••••• : ••• :.:.:.;.: •••••••••••••••••••••• ···:..:·······································:.1 

Ernest Conti 
CAST 

.Violent protest 
Shanty-town erected by 
demon tra tors parks 
fights with police. 

Pa c 2 



2 Monday, April 7, 1986 
NEWS 

UC Women's 
Conference 

The sixth annual UC Women's 
y:adership Conference will be 
held at the University of 
California, Davis on April 18-20. 
Along with various workshops 
and panel discussions dealing 
with issues such as non-
traditional work fields, ferninism 
and more confidence on the job, 
Sonia Johnson , a 1984 
presidential candidate, will 
speak. 

A dele8lltion of eight to twelve 
UCSD students will be sponsored 
by the Associated Students' 
External Affairs and Lobby 
Annex 10 anend the three-day 
seminar. For more information 
contact Eric Wpi« at 452-4450. 

Japanese-American 
Activist to lecture 

Minoru Yasui, a Denver 
anorney who was the first 
Japanese-American to protest 
internment dUring World War II, 
will be a Regents' lecturer at 
UCSD on April 7-11. 

Yasui will speak to an Asian-
American Studies class on civil 
rights, and wil deliver a free 
publi c talk, "Libeny and Justice 
for All: on April 9 in Peterson 
HaD, Room 108 at 8 pm. 

In 1942, Yasui was sent to an 
internment camp and later spent 
nine months in solitary 
confinement in a Ponland jail for 
his resistance activities. 

In his talk , Yasui wiD recount 
his experiences, discuss why 
internment happened, and 
whether it could reoccur. 

Yasui was director of 
community relations for the city 
of Denver until his recent 
retirement, and presently he is 

""l 

the chair of the Legislative 
Education Committee of the 
Japanese-American Citizens 
League . 

Yasui , a native of Oregon, in 
1939 became the first Japanese-
American to graduate from the 
University of Oregon Law School, 
and later went on to graduate 
studies in sociology at the 
Universiry of Denver and Sophia 
University in Tokyo, Japan. 

Peace ~ctivist 
to speak 

Sociologist, author and peace 
activist Elise Boulding, a 
professor emerita from 
Danmouth College, will deliver 
the 1986 Clark Distinguished 
Lecture at UCSD. 

Boulding will speak on 'The 
Cultural Roots of Violence and 
Peace" at the UCSD International 
Center on April 10 at 7:30 pm. 
The public is invited and 
admission is free , but all 
anendees must have a ticket 
which should be obtained in 
advance from the International 
Center of the UCSD Box Office. 

Boulding, a former chair of the 
sociology depanment at 
DanmoUlh, has undenaken 
numerous studies on conflict and 
peace, development, family life 
and women in society. 

She is a member of the 
governing board of the Umted 
Nations University, a member of 
the international jury of the 
UNESCO Prize for Peace 
Education and a former member 
of the U.S. Commission for 
UNESCO. 

Among her books are The 
Underside of History. A View of 
Women Through Time , Women in 
the Twentieth Century World , and 
the Handboon of International Data 
on Women . 

-Nonie Ganakis 

11) 

Berkeley protesters 
clash with police 
By MELISSA CRABBE, JENNY SCHAFFER & KEITH SCHNEIDER, The Daily Californian 

BERKELEY-What began as a clubbed protestors, the 22 from a newspaper at the 
repetition of last Monday officers and 11 civilians California State University at 
evening's anti-apartheid sustained minor injuries, Humboldt, was clubbed in the 
sha ntytown arrests erupted into a according to university head as he attempted to 
riot early Friday morning spokesperson Tom Debley. photograph the early blockade 
between police and protestors, Although police began using near Moffit Library. 
resulting in 89 arrests and billy clubs to move people out of "I don't think [ was in 
numerous injuries. the way of incoming sheriffs' anyone's way, the cop just 

In addition to the 89 arrests buses at around 3:30 am, intense stepped up and hit me ," Nuang 
by UC Police, Berkeley police conDict began at around 7 am as said . 
arrested two individuals for the last few people inside the "I feU and lost consciouness. I 
possession of Molotov cocktails, police barricade were arrested. got up and realized that there 
said Berkeley Police As the buses tried to pull was blood all over me, and so I 
spokesperson M"arc Garcia. away, protesters sat down in immediately groped for my 

According to UC Police Chief front of the benches desks cameras and glasses, which were 
Derry Bowles, approximately 200 dumpsters and new~paper ~tands also blood-soaked ," Nuang said. 
police were called in from they had placed in front of the "The doctor said that the 
outside law enforcement agencies police barricade. As the buses laceration went to the bone." 
to control the SOD-person pulled off campus, protesters Police officers who wimessed 
demonstration. followed them and contl·nued to d k emonstrators stoc piling bottles 

As protestors threw rocks and hurl rocks and botdes. and rocks say that their force 
bottles at pol ice and police The buses transported most of was necessal}' and other 

For the record 
The Guardian news story on 

referenda (April 3) incorrectly 
sited referendum #5 and 
should have read , "the 
purpose of this referendum is 
not to ask whether or not 
student run cooperatives 
should exist, but rather if the 
existing cooperatives should 
be moved to the Student 
Center upon completion of 
the new University Center in 
'88." 

Also, to clarify the shuttle 
system proposed in refer-
endum # I, each bus would be 
capable of holding 30 students 
and would shunle students 
around campus. The system 
would be sponsored by both 
the AS and intercollegiate 
funds. 

The Gua rdian regrets these 
errors. 

the arrested people to Santa Rita demonstrators attested to the 
Counry Jail , where they were stOckpiling of the objects. 
held in leiu of $7,250 bail . "Our policy in training would 

AD arrested are being held on be that our officers wouldn't be 
felony c harges of "resisting an aggressive unless there was some 
executive officer." action by the demonstators , 

In addition they are charged unless there needed to be," said 
with resisting arrest, lodging UC Police Lt. William Cooper. 
without permission , trespassing, "It was pretty violent," Cooper 
participating in a riot, and said. "But there were definitely 
remaining after being ordered to different elements in the crowd. 
dispurse - aD misdemeanors. There was definitely an element 
The judge presiding over their that wanted a peaceful 
arraignment will determine demonstration . But there were 
whether those arrested are in those who were instigating acts 
contempt of court for violating of vandalism ." 
the temporary restraining order Protestors contended that the 
the university secured from an police planned to be violent. 
Alameda Superior Coun judge "None of the UC police wore 
Wednesday. badges or name tags so it was 

Although both campus activists obvious they didn't want to be 
and university administrators held accountable for," Carter 
have said that they wish to avoid said . "It's illegal to do thal." 
violent confrontation there has However, UC police 
been a continued escalation into spokesperson Howard Hickman 
violence. said that the UC Berkeley 

"It's a vel}' sad and depressing officers ' names were sown on 
situation for people like that to their jackets. 
create such a violence and "This mornings's activity 
disruption on a university creates a new and different 
campus," said Assistant Vice circumstance which we believe is 
Chancellor John Cummins. more aggravated ," said UC 

"(The violence) is not going to Deputy Counsel Christine 
change the CUC) Regents' Helwick. "It also may 
minds," he said . "It doesn 't demonstrate clearly that there is 
benefit the cause of divestment." a panern of conduct here ." 

While protesters acknowledge Ramsey's temporal}' restraining 
that some among the group order would only hold the 
threw botdes, bricks, trash and protesters in contempt of court if 
rocks at police, they are calling their actions created a fire 
what happened a "police riot: hazard . Yesterday's actions may 
contending that police brutality influence Ramsey to widen the 
was blatant and initiaUy scope of the preliminary 
unprovoked. According to restraining order. 

\ ,:'Tl 

'mmK/ svr 
1rA5 .. ()Il( €C$7MY 
/$ ~/lEP IfIfTH 
511PN€5!LtX. ' IM.L 
7H€ CIIr t5 6£K, 
71rIIIJtp 10 ~ 

IM$IN~. 
\. 

.' 6A5!'/r 1/fe 
Krmllllif! 

protesters, police initiated the The Association of Graduate 
violence at 3:30 am when they Student Employees at Berkeley 

WWff t:f) )W K/OI, IIIt.L 7 
WfIfT PO )W !<NOW IftKJI/T 7H! 
~ filtufI£ Of 1I£5mfN 
PI!AIOCI?IICy 7N'fr7f£ !l'e5T Of 
I.IS &UVT /(1\QjI 6Vr iWlY6e 

5IItJ()U) KNOW 1 , 

PIIT 6fICHINW 
IIBKj 'fKEptf(ICK'S 
()f HOt/.\<WtYJ" 
Pea< -11 -600 

~. 
t 

clubbed people who were passed a resolution calling for 
blocking police buses from teaching assistants to cancel 
entering the barricaded area in their courses today and discuss 
front of California Hall . South African issues with their 

David Nuang, a photographer students. ~ 

EdilOf in Chid 
Phil Willon 

Office Manlier 
Jan Hansen 

~ he UC::.O t!l.1Jrc.1'dn IS pubhsht'J ~nd"~$ ilnd Thul)(IJYS dUring thl' ,1!..lIdem!!. )Ie'" hy .:.nd f..:lr .he 6I ... dcnt~ or 
UCM.) M.eprudU .. lklO ur lISt'oll/liS Ilt:W~.IPl·1 wuhout pc'n\l~slun I:. ~rl\.11y pmh,bllw .I~bt . .dl rIghts r'-'~r""N 
Wt' oUt' nue rfSp'-m~lhk luI" un""h"ltl'J Ill,mukripU or .In 

~tCWS cxprt'~~J Ju ntH n'pl\')O.·fH Iht. ttplnll.lns 1I11hc Umn'PlU), 1lI wld,Jml" ,)1' ,hl' AloStJl..IJu.'tl !'J(uc.JclUs")l 
l.ICSl> 1 Ill' Uu.u-UI,IOS l'tlI1 '.JfI.d~ .m: d,'lclllllm:u by IOC LJllll1 In l .lllef M.lnJglng lUIlOf. 'kw) Ldnur:lo .mJ th " 
Opmk)fh LJIIl)( I,' 

The UCSD Guardian , 8·016 La Jolla , CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 'In-6,BO Business: (619) 'In·3'166 

rtll' GUJrdldn IS iOL.1lCd next It) rht Chc C .. ft.° 

Cover photos by Ron Alan 

Monday, .... pril 7, 1986 3 
NEWS 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• J 

Candidates seek AS office 
President • • • •• them. On the organization point , Simon also ~upports the d·· La h ) the AS is su osed t d me la committees. st year e Ernest Conti 

John Riley U th d pp '·d 0 represent Stu ent Center Board Charter sat on the Finance Committee 
.1 h a h e stu e~ts Ih eas ~oh (now in limbo). "I want to be and on the External Affairs Presidential candidate Ernest 

RI ey a~ served as a w atever POint t ey ml2 t reach. able to choose for the students Committee Conti feels that the primary job 
representallve to committees on Students have Ideas on how the what should be included in the . . ., of the AS is to "consolidate the 
programming, alternative media , ~dm!ns(rat1on should handle University Center. For instance , I McCamb~dge said he s a student body" and to attack the 
alte rnative housing, the ISSueS, and I wi1\ represent those think K.B. Books would benefit student se~ces-onented problem of srudent apathy at 
bookstore and personnel. Ideas to the administration: the students more than the candlda~ . I want to expand on UCSD. In an effon to do this 

Riley feels that the AS has to To strengthen the lines of Universiev Bookstore ." services, . such as a student Conti plans to .end out flye~' to 
be visible to the general student communication between students Simon plan t . credit Union, a copy center and all students, with questions made 
To increase visibility Riley . and their government Johnson student/AS c s 0 I~prove b a computer center, "things that up by the AS, soliCiting ideas 

, Id r " ' ommumcauon Y affect evel}'day stud t" d · h 
suggests monthly speeches and wou ,orm a committee of being more visible "I would en s. rega~ tng ow to stan pulling the 
an AS advanced newspaper. . student body representatives who up meetings _ i~tead of set "I would feel confident and campus together. If the flyers 

"Students should become more would walk around UCSD and 'chaning with the chancellor ' it secure speaking for the whole prove to be unsuccessful, then 
in touch with the AS and then find out what students want" would be 'chatting with the As university. I'm active in the Conti , as AS president, said he 
apathy ~u1d be reduced." Johnson would a.lso "increase president .. , Summer Bridge Programs and would take polls , directly 

Riley IS In favor of expanding the student Input time at M' lei Arch 1 outreach , and I'm pro-affirmative ~onfronting the students asking -
services such as AS lecture notes m~etlngs. Ie u ela action and pro-divestment." what they'd like to see more of: 
and KSDT, by expanding its I would be a powerful figure Micki Archuleta feels that . On the new University Center Conti feels that a unified 
cable market and piping it to and I wou~ not be .lntlmldated drastic measures have to be ISSue , he says that "it's naive to student body is lacking within 
other places on campus. Riley is on srudem Issues With the taken to improve communication think students can run the each college, "there could be a 
also pushing for an AS bookstore , admmstraoon because I would between the students and the AS. biggest complex in the country. stronger attachment ... by stirring 
as there is an "obvious need for represent the students ," Johnson "The President should sit out We will need to find a balance. up emotion in students." 
competition with the University said . on the gym steps with a big sign Right now, the adminstration Students could benefit from more 
bookstore ." "\- think that out of all the that says 'Hi! I'm your president. wants too much control. I would school spirit, Conti said. 

In support of additional other candidates - liberal and Come talk to me"" pressure them to get more Conti sees this student 
programming, Riley said he will co.nservaove - I would best Archuleta's background in student controL" cohesion as necessary before the 
not accept the salaty of $1,500 bridge the gap between the politics comes from serving on McCambridge is generally AS can succesfully approach the 
so that it may be added to the students and the student the AS last year as a Warren satisfied with the present AS , administration on specific issues. 
programming budget government." College representative . She is Constitution, but feels that the Before confronting the 

"A lot of people don't think Deb Simon also the bookkeeper for the financial by-laws need to be administration, Conti says it is 
the AS should be paid. "There cam~us bike shop and she cares reworked. necessary to have data and 

r nd According to Deb Simon, her r F od C b ck f was a re,ere urn about twO Ia ,or e 0 o-op's agency "How money is aiven out, to a ing rom students. He also 
d s te "Potluck" brings experience dO'l ha years ago an students voted to the students. Simon has accounts an payroll. whom and when is vel}' pans to ve an alternative plan 

overwhelmingly against it. I agree served on the AS for two years , As president, Archuleta would important: McCambridge said. '0 facilitate compromise . 
With that stance. rve done a lot hol form an alternative media Also , he feels tlie media board V' d ding such positions as Revelle Ice Presi ent 
of work I haven't been paid for, Junior Senator, UCSD committee consisting of the chaner should be "looked over 
and I don 't see why I should be Undergraduate Presidential Commissioner of and reworked: ~dministrative. • • 
paid next year." Ap d Communications, four media G Wi! It 

C tl th 
pointee to stu ent Regent rd ~gory pe ~g Hom 

urren y e Warren senior Selection Committee, Revelle boa members, and nine 
senator, John Riley's lalest f alternative representatives. This Gregoty Wilpert is a candidate Greg Hom served as the 
P

roie t tho h representative ,or two years (0 . ld d ·d h for AS Prest·dent Wl·th the SUDS Parlimentan·an chal·r (sl·nce the 
J c s IS year ave een to the Srudent Organization committee wou eCI e ow to 

stan the Warren College Loolling Finance Board , author of AS fund the alternative media , then slate. In his campaign, he wants resignation of Ariel Anguiano), 
Glass, a newpaper which Rules Commmiuee Chaner and bring that decision to the to raise the issue of AS he was a student representative 
publishes Warren's programming council. accountability to the student for the summer session advisory 

representative on the AS Rules b d events and government iSSiJeS Co She feels that "the next two 0 Y as a whole . He thinks that committee and has been 
. mmittee. Simon, through her hASh b . I d twice quanerly. work with AS members believes years will be crucial for the co- teas een an apolotical !nvo ve in Model United 
His second project was a spirit she has a working kno~edge of ops. I'm really concerned about body thus far, and he encourages Nations for three years. Hom 

night between student the AS. them. They don't have any space "serious policy-oriented activities said he has "a good feel for the 
organizations at a men's in the new University Center, rather than JUSt highly publicized job" and will be able to maintain 

As one of two AS members h basketball game. h and they will have to pay $8,000 events like TGs." When is objectivity during council 
w 0 voted against the Fahlbusch Randy "Bro" Johnson I in debt service and utilities. I questioned about his stance on meetings. 
proposa to put a ceiling on hoi h ~ d 

"I go to TGs, sit in the library funds for the alternative media w e-heanedly support them t e re eren a, Wilpert advised . He feels that part of his job 
and play [Ms. I'm just a student Simon advocates "reverting to the and think we should do what students not to vote on the Includes making sure that 
and I have views that support way things were before. they wa~t to do." tram/ shuttle system referendum important issues are addressed 
the srudents," Randy Johnson "The medias are all different. Greg McCambridge and the alternative media issue and "that services needed on 
said . ''I've listened to a wide The media board is there and because "nOt enough information campus are provided ." 
variety of ideas and [ respect can evaluate what each one Iat~~g :ec;:C~~~drunge ~oercided is available to be able to make a Hom feels the current AS has 
those ideas. I want them d I h· k h hoi l' decision ." But when questioned "built a smaU wall between 

nee s. tint ewe thing president. "If I'd felt strongly that bo h f d . [ f 
represented : can be handled on a one-to-one a a ut t e re,eren a concerning certain actions 0 students and 

Johnson views the role of the basis, such as sining down over t:~uid:t~t sh:':o~~ .~ coul back, cooperatives, Wilperst said that themselves, clearly illustrated 
AS Council to be that of a coffee, casuaUy." he supports increased funding with Ariel's resignation : 
business and organization. "On Simon says she "wl·II go W1·th . McCambridge is currently and spac"e for coorrratives Hom suggested monthly 
h 

JUnior senator from Muir and because peo I I "fire ·d h h I 
t e business point the students the majority in one direction" as . , . p e now on my Sl e c ats so t at at east 
give it $500 000 to· spend for decided by the ref, d ~u:.s representative to the AS slate who are pan of the co-ops once a year we 'll meet every 
................ ~re~ u. e la Board and aD alternative suppOrt the referenda." Please tum to page 7 

I-hr. ~e in most ~ 

Be/ore ~ buy contact lenses, 
Cbeclt/or: 

1. A money back guarantee 
2. 60 day follow up period 
3. Examination proksslonal insUuetion 

and care kit Included . 

'PlelAL STUD.NT ".,e. 
DallyWear Extended Wear 

$109 $199 
ntE ClASSICAl __ a 

UTe 
457-4791 

Univer5lty T owne Centr~ 
(near Nord5trom) 

4411 La .Jolla VIla DrIve 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
. ~ . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

cc 
o 
o 
CI 
CC 

-CI 
CC 
1.1.1 
> 
-~ 
1.1.1 
CI 
1.1.1 

~ 

• .... 
.... 

ii: 
WI 

"0 
'C 
..... ---~ 

z .. 
" " . Q-

enG. 
uat 
::» ,5 

... 
, .. 
QIIoI 
...... 

WI 
.. 

~ 
:s 
u 
jE 
Q 
a::: 
"" 

• « « • • • - • « • • « • • • UCSD STUDENT CENTER 452-0630 



~ Monday. April 7. 1986 

Narrowing the campus political scene 
In the face of the dearth of expetienced and well-intentioned candidates in 

this year's AS election , we at the Guardian have struggled to come up with 
individuals who we think will best cany out the will of the students on this 
campus. Unfortunately, our discussions have left us knowing that there are few, 
if any, able candidates aiming to create better student government. Most of 

She has received good training in leadership through her experiences with 
Warren College student government, BSU and OASIS. And her involvement 
with culturally diverse groups on campus gives her the inSight to offer 
contrasting and constructive policies. 

The position of Vice President of External Affairs requires an individual who 
can communicate strongly and effectively with other UC schools. We hope that 
Eric Weiss of Potluck will be able to conquer the challenges that lie ahead for 
him . His extensive experien e as executive director of the UC Lobby have 
already provided him with the contacts he needs to fulfill the duties of vice 
preSident external. The Guardian urges you to elect Eric Weiss . 

. those who are experienced and weU informed have been groomed too well in 
the prevailing AS procedure: they understand the workings of the current 
administration , but they lack a cogent and honorable vision of the future . And , 

. although the inexperienced candidates often have noble intentions, they lack 
competence in both executive procedure and innovative planning. 

Those who we have chosen to endorse (and there are only a few) represent 
who we feel are the best candidates for the offices they seek. But, in the future, 
we urge aU of you wh o seek to lead the students of this campus through faIr 
and organized government to take the in itiative and risk to campaign for 
support. 

The Guardian recommends Pam West from the SUDS slate for the position 
of Vice President Financial. West has been the activities commissioner for BSU 
this year and has been involved in many campuswide activities. She can best 
represent di verse student opinion in her budgeting policies as vice preSident 
financial because she does not adhere to mainstream thinking. 

For the position of President of the Associated Students th e Guardian urges 
you to vote for cand idate Joh n Riley. Of aU those running for the office, Riley is 
the most experienced of the least-biased candidates. He has p a rticipated in 
many AS committees and has been Warren Senior Senator this year. In the 
past, Riley has shown integrity in his decisions even when pressured by Olher 
representatives to change his mind. He also makes consistent efforts to 
represent all of his constituents . Although Riley already associates himself with 
a group which demands his attention and loyalty (Tau Kappa Epsilon 
fraternity), we hope that he will best be able to institute policies which attend 
to the wants and needs of the majority of the students of this university. We 
hope that Riley will effectively fulfill the will of the whole student body rather 
than simply implementing the ideals that his fraternity upholds. Riley has the 
potential to be an effective leader; nevertheless, we worry about the latent 
attachments he holds. 

Joel Schachne is by far the best candidate for commissioner of programming. 
He is c reative consultant to the Triton Pub, he has organized all of the 
noontime concerts and he is a musician . Through these activities he has 
obtained both the experience and the contacts necessary to be a successful 
commissioner of programming. 

For the position of Academic Affairs cornmisioner the Guardian endorses 
Michelle Hopkins. Hopkins has had extensive experience on the commission 
and with the commission's related boards and organizations. She has worked 
with the Faculty/ Student Relations committee and she is the student 
representative to the Academic Senate . She has both the information and skills 
to make an effective commissioner of Academic Affairs. 

Whatever decisions you make about the quality of the candidates for office 
in the AS Council, the Guardian urges you to voice them in the election this 
Tuesday and Wednesday. 

CariOlta Ponds of the SU DS slate is, in our opinion , the best candidate for 
the position of Vice President Administrative . Ponds has had a great deal of 
contact wi th the student body at large , and she supports diverse backp;ro unds. 

The Guardian endorses no candidate for either the position of Commissioner of 
Public Relations, Commissioner of Communications, or Commissioner of the 
University Center Board. 

lUTfASlHTfAslHTfAslUTfAslHTfAslUTfAslHTfASlHTfASlUTfAslHTfAslH 
Sudsy media 

Editor: 
In the currem Associated 

Student Election campaign , some 
of the slates are making clearly 
irresponsible claims. One 
controversy revolves around the 
Alternative Media funding issue. 
pecifically, both the Students 

United th rough Diversity for 
Strength (SUDS) and Potluck (a 
collection of students with direct 
ties to the current AS 
government) slates claim to 
support the Alternative Media. 
We wish to put an end to the 
confusion. 

The currem AS has been trying 
to dismantle the alternative 
media fo r several months. All the 
alternati ve media endorsed a 
statement condemning the AS's 
handling of the funding issue by 
the AS in late-February. The two 
alternative media representatives 
on the ad hoc committee 
responsible fo r designing an 
alternative media funding 
referendum question walked out 
of that commmee's first meeting 
on March 3 to protest what was 
clearly a refusal to compromise 
One of the two students-at-large 

'on the committee also walked 
out of the meeting. The 
remainder of the ad hoc 
committee connnucd to meet 
and finally produced the 
refere ndum question to appear 
on the April 819 ballot. This 
question threate ns the very 
existence of each and every 
campus newspaper and is 
patently unacceptable. 

Despite the highly 
objectionable nature of the 
alternative medla referendum 
questi n, however, the Potluck 
slate embraces it wholehea ttedly. 
Specifically, Potluck's campaign 
literature states "that the results 
of student mandate through tile 
referenum que [Ion on alternallve 

media fundmg is the basis on 
which the media should be 
funded next year." The Potluck 
slate's position on the alternative 
media, claiming to support them 
while Simultaneously endorsing a 
referendum question which calls 
imo question their right to exist, 
is plainly contradictory. 

The SUDS slate 's clai m to 
suppOrt the alternative media, on 
the other hand is genuine. We, 
the undersigned alternative 
media, do hereby endorse the 
SUDS sla te's position on 
al ternative media and caution 
students to be aware of any last-
minute campaign maneuve rs oy 
unscrupulous politicians. 

People '~ Voice 
Voz Fronteriza 
Sappho Speaks 

new indicator 
Birdcage Review 

Alternative Visions 

Denouncing the big time 
Editor: 

As a furmer member of tht 
hllulty of the OhIO 5wte 
UniverSity, I havc ob!>er\'ed 
fll sthand what IS Invulved In J 
program of big-time athlclll' and 
the ~ubsldlzatiun uf .lthletc~ 
whlLh such a program 
nco:ssbtJtes - ,I Clln[l nunusly 
1nilatlng cxpendlture of fUlllh ttl 
in,urc that the university Indeed 
keeps In the big time. 

At OhiO t<lte - as .It all 
univcr.:; llIes with big-time 
progrJllb - there was, and is, a 
lornplicated and expensive 
apparatus of athletic scholarships , 
special board and room 
<lrr,mgements, pOlkel money, a 
co.lCh/athlctc rallo conslder,lhly 
lower than the faculty/ student 
milo ,lI1d vast cxpendllun:s 101 
e4ulprnent 1hcle was a pl'llod 
when not UIlI)' ,Ilhletl" g()1 
,pl'eIJltulOtial help wllh Ihell 

,tudle~ , hut when the WIVC, III 
fll:,hl11en Lll.\l,.hc' \\CI"~ wrll1ng 

papers for "thle tes too busy 
getti ng in shape to do their own 
writing. 

The great Wood row Wilson 
Hayes stopped all th is; he even 
th rew off the footbaU team and 
publidy denounled a most 
promising halfback caught 
cheating for the foutth time. He 
taught his pldyers that (hey had 
to keep thClf gpa's up, or else 
they wouldn't get to play football 
,1I1U would rniss out on the 
professioMal career towa rd 
Whldl they were aiming. 

When the OSU Fawlty 
Counci l decided that OSU 
shouldn't go to the Rose Bowl 
twice in a row, there were 
massive student riots whipped 
up by the Columbus newspapers. 
Que lions about the relevance of 
big-time athletics to the 
ul1l ve rsity's rn ission oclame 
Ir relevant because OSU was 111 
the big time and couldn 't afford 
to get out. 

Meanwhile. Jthletes played out 
their four years - or fi ve or six 
If (hey wen: red-shined - and 
for the most part didn 't bother 
to graduate, unless they weren't 
dralted by the pros anl1 were 
cnmpelled to go Into high sLhuol 
machmg, with a little ll~achmg of 
l:ngh"h Jnd hl~tory on the ~Ille 
And there was always the hope 
01 10IIcgc LOJdl111g - with Sll 
111.\IlY new u n lverslt l e~ coming 
Inw being. 

or lour~ , It can't - or 
sh'luldn '( - happcn here . 
Rele nt studies have shown that, 
un less a ul1lversity has a 
Wll1l11ng, and thus crowd-
drawmg. tearn, its plUgrJ111 W ill 
I<lil. ' 0 1110re athletes have ro be 
subSidized and the athlell l 
appar JIUS gets larger. 

Suh!>ldlZ.lti,ll1 , surely, is the 
key. I point out that, in the criSIS 
of our Lulture , wlMtevcr funds we 
h.lve 101 SUh"ldlz.ItIOn .,Iwuld gu 
tll students a" sludent", 
p.lnl l,. ulJrly student., (mill 
L'xpltlltcd 1111nonty grtlUp~ In our 

society. If our students want to 
participate in intercollegiate 
athletics, they should not ony be 
allowed but encourdged. UCSD 
should make it possIble , and give 
them the necessary facilities, 
equipment and coaching. But 
there should be no subsidization 
sped ncally set for athle(es, nor 
should athletes be given any 
special treatment. Moreover, 
UCSD's right to admit into 
freshmiln c1i1 sses a small 
percenwge of students who do 
not quite quali fy aCildemically 
should be exercised not in favor 
of athletes (as is the Cilse at 
SOl11e other UC cilmpuses, I 
understand), but In favor of 
minority group students who 
have been deprived of high 
slhool education equal 111 quality 
to that of milJority group 
students. 

Whilt is in store? Tomorrow: 
Beat San Diego State! Day after 
tomorrow: Beat USC! Day after 
the day afte r tomorrow: Beat 
OSU! By that tirne we would 
have our own Woodrow Wilson 
Il uycs here. What. after all . is 
wrong with tryi ng to beat Ca l 
T cch at its own game? 

Dr. Roy Hatvey Pierce 
Department of Liferature 

Funding confusion 
Editor. 

There is obviously a great deal 
of confuston concerning 
Referendum qu.estion # 13 , the 
item that seeks to prohibit on-
campus recruitment by the 
milita l)', Secret Service , CIA, FBI , 
and INS. Perhaps this confusion 
illuminates the re,lson why there 
was so much debate in lhe A.S. 
IdSt year conceming the 
refe rendum' previous passage. 
r'or da riflcatlon, the rclcrcnuum 
should ta lC." houlu military , 
enct Service, CIA, FBI and INS 

Ix' prohibited frorn recruiti ng on 
the UC D <.:ampus?" I belicve thc 

answer is "No." 
The wording of Referenclum 

question #13 confuses the issue 
by mentioning the use of student 
fees . Since the Career Services 
Center was built by and is 
operated with student funds, any 
organization making usc of the 
facilities is indirectly using 
student funds. However, 
according 10 Neil Murray. the 
Center's Director, the marginal 
cost of on-campus recruiting by 
thc miliatry, Secret Setvice, e(c., 
is zero. In other words, it would 
not cost those students opposed 
to these agencies a single cent to 
allow stuuems who are interested 
the chance to have on-campus 
intcrviews with these 
organ iZiltions. 

Of course, cost is not the only 
issue here. The Guardian claims 
that these organizations' "military 
policies oppose the ideals of free 
democracy stressed in this 
university ... "; however, these 
agencies perform necessary 
functions vital to the security of 
the Untted States - fun ctions 
required to protect the "ideals of 
free democnlcy" The Gua rdiwl 
speaks of. Perhaps these 
agencies are guilty of some 
abuses, but how can they be 
reformed if they are prevented 
from recruiting good personnel? I 
fall to see how inhibiting UC D 
students from joining the 
mili~.rY, Secret Service, CIA, FBI 
or IN Will help 10 curb the 
abuses these agendes arc 
accused of. Banning them will 
only violate the rights of those 
students who may be interested 
in employment by one of these 
agencies. Which intervIews a 
student choosed to panic'ipau: in 
should be a matter of individual 
chOIce, a mll10rity of students 
should not be denied th c 
opportuni ty of recruitment by 
these organi zations merely 
because most students don't 
,Iglee Wi th thei r poliw:). 

Please tum to page tI 

MJC 
in and around LaJolla 
Jittery organizing 
right to left 

For an apparently growing 
number of students from the 
fratemal far right to the jeering 
left, AS elections are no longer 
looked upon as passe. It is safe 
to say that in the past three 
years, most of the slates that 
have run for council were little 
more than a collection of semi-
achievers who were dissatisfied 
with their resumes. For if they 
were not, then how would one 
explain the consistent 
lackadaisical, unaggressive and 
smug ani tudes of the three 
previous AS councils toward 
students requests for a more 
assettive policy surrounding 
student rights? 

Our AS councils have left no 

discernable mark on UCSD since 
1977, when the student 
cooperative that served in place 
of the legislative mess that we 
now tolerate was dissolved by 
the administration in favor of a 
more controllable structure. 

So instead of having an 
elected leadership that could 
cooperate with the rest of a 
community who desire to enact 
meaningful change within the 
university. we are left 10 suffer 
with a bunch of "Gregs" who are 
repulsed by fighting for students 
on the front lines. With casual 
overtness, these robotic Gregs 
wage their battles, instead, 
against selective groups of 
students by enlisting 
administrative support. As 
always, there are no winners in 
this generational civil war; our 
wounded peers exit UCSD 

without a sense of solidarity or 
. fairness amongst their ranks. 
Candidates run amok 

There are 75 five ambitious 
students hoping to prevent what 
they perceive to be either a leftist 
or rightist radical takeover of 
council - but where is the 
middle ground? Frankly, 
moderation and UCSD usually 
signify more apathy and the 
destructive luxuriousness of 
student passivity. We simply do 
not need any more of that, 
especially when the number of 
potential pawns for the Regents' 
investments will increase at 
UCSD to 20,000 in the year 
1995. 

The probably unknOWing -
but conspiring, nonetheless -
right wing features twO 
presidential candidates this time 
around . Deb Simon of Poduck 
and Greg McCambridge of 
Independents United , hail to the 
same constituency: that of the 
fraternities and sororities in 
Presidem Reagan'S youth corps. 
How might we judge their 
potential performances in office? 

Well , Deb Simon (that 
infamous ignoree of referenda, 
and prOtege of present-AS 
preSident, Mal)' Rose Alexander) 

Now taking applications for directors and statt members 01 women's, 
federal and municlpaldesks. Lobby, intonn and educate congressmen, 
legislators and local officials on behalf 01 UC and UCSD at the Capitol or 
locally. Internships/Credit available. Flexible hours. 

Leave name and phone # 
tor ERIC WEISS x4450. 

"wen donlt just 
staDd there· 

negot1atel" 

INTERESTED IN FUTURE JOBS 
IN BUSINESS/MANAGEMENT? 

Come ask questions and hear a panel of professionals (including two 
recent UCSD graduates) discuss jobs in this popular field at: 

CAREER NIGHT WORKSHOP 
Wednesday, April 9 

7:00 pm 
Warren Apartment Commons 

All Welcome .. Refreshments served 
Panelists include: 

Ann Dixon - Personnel Director, May Co 
Michael Salvnan - Manager, Group Financial Consolidations, Xerox Corp. 
Jill Adams - Tax Accountant, Price Waterhouse 
Fredrick Potts - Marketing Representative with private firm 
Neil Murray - Director of Career Services, UCSD 

Come dis over the number of attractive options in this expanding field as well as 
additional educational pro~rams that may be hdpful or necessary in obtaining 
the job you're lookin~ for in business. 

has said to me, and to anOther 
Guardian staffer. that she does 
not understand why affirmati ve 
action students feel 
discriminated against: as she, a 
white Jewish female, has never 
encountered any such 
maltreatment that would merit 
federal legislation. 

Deb has no trace of leadership 
qualities that are known to many, 
other than her acquired ability to 
rhetoricize about her slate's 
support of affirmative actton. She 
is a nice enough person, but she 
does not have the guts to face 
the Regents down on such 
poignant issues as 
divestment,( like UCB President 
Pedro Noguerro has done time 
and time again). 

If you have happened upon an 
AS Council meeting this year, 
then you are familiar with the 
pompous antics of Greg 
McCambridge. Mr. McCambridge 
has set a record for the amount 
of minutes one can spend 
chuckling, insulting and generally 
disdaining students who are 
anempting to have some input 
during the meetings. He , along 
with one of his runningmates, 
Greg MacCrone , has. to one 
witness's chagrin, "incited more 
near-riots than Baby Doc and 

NEED 
EXTRA 
INCOME? 

Monday, April 7, 1986 .5 
OPINIONS 

Mareos combined." This person 
is not fit to lead a student 
population with the variety of 
demands and ideologies. 

Randy ' Bro" Johnson and 
Ernest Canti of CAST are 
political unknowns, and simply 
do not have enough experience 
to garner the widespread support 
they will need to implement 
decisive change. Micky Archuleta 
is, and always has been, a 
divisive, self-serving activist, who 
will never senle" for anything less 
than a pOSition that will give her 
greater visibility. Almost no one 
will work with her, which makes 
her nomination a horrendous 
prospect. 
Bubble, bubble, boil 

Gregoty Wilpert is not the 
world's most articulate or forceful 
candidate. His experience with 
confroming the UCSD 
adminstration over last year's 
Calpirg referendum might have 
toughened his resolve a bit. but 
he, like his other cohortS who 
work on a political action 
committee posing as a non-
partisan public interest group, is 
not well -rounded enough to grab 
the gavel when necessary. If he 
was not running with the 
diversified SI JDS slate - part of 

Please tum to page 6 

~ 
PYRAMID 

BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

Give Blood s10 
Source PI_ma slZ 
or Join our H-BIG Program -

sZ40-S900 
BlOOD DONOR HOURS: 8 am to 6:30 pm Monday, 
Tuelday, Thurlday a friday. Closed Wednesday. 
Saturday & Sunday. ID. required Do not eat fried or 
fatty foods before donating. Plasma Program fIrst 
donation requires an appointment for physical. 
HepatltlsB (H-8IG) Program - Eam from $2AO to $900 a 
month while helping others. To qualify, come In for a 
free blood test (1) If you are a health care worker, (2) If 
you've had Hepatitis B or had contact. (3) if you've 
received the vaccIne. 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL CORPORATION 
525 Hawthom Street, Suite 12 (between 5th & 6th Ave.) 

San Diego, California 92101 • (619) 2334481 
A Blood Bank and Plasma Antibody Center dedicated to the sefllice 
of our community and worldwide health organizations. 

2nd ANNUAL 
REVELLE 

RUN FOR FUN 
5KRACE 

APRIL 13, 8:30 AM 
REVELLE PLAZA 
• Don't miss this exciting, fun race 

• The course will take you through the scenic UCSD campus 
• Prizes awarded for 1st place men/women's fimshers 

• Additional prizes raffled off after race 
• FREE T-shirts for aU participants 
Fu .. ". /ro .. tM r.ce will SO to 

Re"elle Hall Prosr ... A"i_~ Actillity Fu .. " 
Inquire .t H.".I .. H .. W.nt 0. •• '. 0 •• 

Sponsored by the UCSD Guardian 
$1.00 OFF with thi. ad. 



6 Monday, April 7, 1986 
OPINIONS 

1986-87 
ON CAMPUS HOUSING FOR UNDERGRADUATES 

ANNOUNCEMENT FOR SPRING QUARTER LOnERIES 
DEADLINES ARE IMPORTANT: FOLLOW THEM CARERJLLY 

COlLEGE APPlICAnONS AVAILABLE APPlICAnON DEADlINE- fOR DETAILS CALL:-
MUIR MUIR RESIDENCE HALLS OFRCE 4 pm, MONDAY, APRIL 7 452-4200 

Monday, March 31 
INFORMATION SESSION: 

Wed" April 2, 8:00 pm, Muir cafeteria 

REVELLE REVELLE RESIDENT DEAN'S OFACE FRIDAY, APRIL 11 452-3025 
Monday, March 31 

THIRD THIRD RESIDENT DEAN'S OFRCE TUESDAY, APRil 8 452-4340 
Monday, March 31 

WARREN WARREN RESIDENT DEAN'S OFRCE TUESDAY, APRil 22 452-4581 
Monday, AprIl 7 

SPRlIfG 

Meet America's 
Top-rated Aerospace Employer. 

Just sign up in your placement office 
and mark these dates on your calendar: 

Presentation - April 23 
Interviews - April 24 

Talk with our representatives about why 
The Almanac of American Employers 
rated Lockheed second overall among 
America's largest, successful companies. 
Tops among aerospace firms. And talk 
about career opportunities at Lockheed. You'll see why we're a company with a 
And about our famed "Skunk Works" remarkable history. And a future as prom-
facility where we developed the SR-71 ising as your own. 
Blackbird, an aircraft so advanced, it's Lockheed is an equal opportunity, affir-
still the fastest, highest flying airplane mative action employer. U.S. citizenship 
in the world. is required. 

-=;,jlockheed-califomla COmpany V 
InnOtitI1iDn -----~- =.-- --

SKUNK WORKS Ind the kunk de I.n are relliStered service marks or Ihe Lockheed CorponUlon. C 1986 Lockheed orporl"on 

lHTfH~lHTHl~ 
Continued from page .. 

To uedue how tu vOte un 
Refercndum question #8, ask 
yuurself: "If it preSl.'nts no cost to 
l11e . do I have the right I\) 
prevent other stuuents ,ICl:eSS to 
employment the)1 I11lght be 
inten:slcd in?" II you arc 
llPpOSCU to the pul iCIC 01 these 
agcncic,;, yuu arc wekome tu 
voicc your opinion and 
recommenu reform , but uon 't 
ueny other stuuents - students 
who also pay fees to support the 
Career Scrvices Center - access 
to thc jobs they arc intcrestcu in. 
I urge all stuuents to votc "No" 
on Rcfercnuum question #8. 

. Christopher M. Schnaubell 
Editor's Note: 

Mr. SchlUll4belt Jail, to rewgni;::e 
that although Ih~ l11ilitary, Secrd 
Service, etA, FBI and INS tit) nOl 
charge 10 recruit in the Career 
Services Centa, ellt'rytime they 
come to recruit, they lulie up the 
space 4thI' building itseij and the 
time vJ the sta.D ~ which student>' 
n:gistration fee, Jund. As long as the 
Associated Students continue /() 
jiHld this resvu rcc, we must be 
responsible for the inj(mJlutivn 
wllich is dispersed in thaI jorul11 . 
We I11USt not support discrimination 

. against hVlllosexuals and wOIll~n 41r 
policies which cnwura,l(c blind 
obtdiena by funding rtcruitment 
by the~ organ~tions on campw. 
The Guardian u~es you to support 
ending funding of th c>e agencies. 

MJC 
Coqtinued from page 5 
a wonderful creation of the new-
new-left political machine -
then one might dismiss him 
entirely. But in this case, man is 
not an archipelago, and Wilpen 
has an opportunity to appoint 
student officials who can 
heighten his agenda 
immeasurably. His slate, SUDS, 
may (and I say may because 
inexperien..ce in electoral 
govemment is a devilish foe) by 
vinue of their unique cultural 
and ethnic backgrounds that 
they offer to UCSD, cany him 

throu~h a productive year. In 
sum, when casting your vote, it 
would be wise to look both at 
both ~andidates as individuals 
and at slates ac; a collective 
whole. 
Talk to us 

What is the. basis for selecting 
student leaders? Where does 
TKE Chairman John Riley stand 
in our analysis? Mr. Riley's voting 
record on council this past year 
showed more independence 
than any other council member, 
with the exception of Rob Lewis. 
That is not to say that Riley 
holds the favor of many 
progressives, but intellectuaUy 
purveying up to one group of 
ideologues or another should not 
be pan of our criteria - which 
has been based on patient 
consideration and free choice. 

It is not wishful thinking to 
hope that Mr. Riley's diverse 
record speaks for itself, and that 
he will not pander to either his 
fraternity brothers or to the 
administration , or to whatever 
poli tical group is better 
organized after elections. Mr. 
Riley is no Nehru , but he is not 
cast in the mold of a jellyfish 
either. He may be your best 
choice to lead a new council 
consisting mostly of suc;h 
candidates and a few open-
minded independents. ICJ 
- Ma« Cr~min 

Candidates 
Continued rrom page 3 
student at least once." He 
realizes this may be impossible, 
but wants to make a sincere 
efrort. 
Cat"1ona Ponds 

For Carlotta Ponds, a Warren 
junior, involvement in campus 
life includes being a member of 
the Warren apartment 
government, a resident assistant, 
and a publicity coordinaLOr for 
the Black Student Union . 

strive not to be a one 
dimensional base butto .be a 
sounding board for students with 
concerns." 

She also feels that some 
special interest 2roups, third 
world students, and older students 
limit themselves and don't 
in suites and other private areas." 
They can't tunction effectively." 
Amon Friedman 

. He feels that it is wrong that the 
intramural department. funded 
by the AS, turns down a lot of 
teams, 

In reference to the new 
alcohol policy, Friedman feels 
that it is "too strong" and that 
dri nking should "maybe be allowed 
suites and other private areas." 
He would like to promote 
"responsible drinking," by 
informing students and favors 
lowering the drinking age . 

possible on a campus like this ," 
Friedman said . 

Vice President 
External Affairs ....... 
Yang T . Yim 

Yong T. Vim is an active 
member of APSA, CSA, KA5A and 
MCF. He hopes to reach out to 
all students, third world, graduate 
and return students, to inform 
them of the community around 
UCSD. 

"As a student, I never heard 
about the outside communities. I 
want to bring the students and 
community together," Vim said . 

Monday. April 7. 1986 7 
NEWS 

events and one to expose 
students to community events. 
Eric Weiss 

After serving as Executive 
Lobby Annex Director and Third 
College Senator this year, Eric 
Weiss feels that his experience 
and interest in student 
government has adequately 
prepared him for the position of 
Vice President of External Affairs. 

Weiss sees improving 
communicatiol1'"between the AS 
and the student body as the 
major goal in his campaign. 
Weiss went on to say that the 
current AS needs more 
interaction with students and 
that it is an AS council members' 

Ponds would like to promote a 
broad base of student contacts in 
a variety of areas. "We need to 

Arnon Friedman, VP 
administrative candidate, said 
that he sees that the AS could be 
changed: "Students need to be 
more involved; instead of just 
hearing about activities." 
Friedman plans to "open up the 
AS and do whatever else I can to 
interest and involve students." 

He is in favor of the 
alternative media. and said that 
"students should be exposed to 
as much as possible ." He said he 
would follow the referendum 
results , regarding the alternative 
media . ''I'm a firm believer in a 
very democratic society. It's 

Vim said that he would 
publish newsletters to let the 
communi ty know about UCSD Please tum to page 8 . '," 

Have You Been Injured? 
- Automobile Collision or Othet Accident -

CALL 

SULLIV AN & HANEY 
Experienced Personal Injury Attorneys 

No Recovery - No Fee 
FREE Intial Consultation 

235-0550 

hi ,h., IMi"!! •• I,ante In min'dI'IIre ~lhilk" 
techn"I,\~ \. U.mll ,Ja\'h~ht ttl lTillilCr .' ,,'Ph' [KatN 
rell,·c ft .. ""win~ "t"II', r\ ... k~1 lV ,ichvcrs rich 
Cl1n tr.lM .\OJ ... rl ' p re~ llunlln In ,~\cf) 'I ,fUaflnn. A 
b " lllgh! IIII./(hl\l<nl (uf', .. 'nal) 'n " p~ ,'n ea~th h' 
1''''''.1<' lt~t1t I," n')lhllnw II,,' ,IIlJ .~ tll"r I.mil,.j hgh( 
luru.IH IOn\. 

'nit'" ~t \.ldl\~r'\ de.lf, tlr.ttl '4.,unJ thmuch nn 
,"" '"),\1 'peak", ao.1 J IUlcd earrh, .!\\,. I\x ktt TV 
"",'r" re. I Z h," .. , Oil f .... - AA' ,tlk .tl,"~ hol(t~r~! 
"nJ I"r "ht~lr< "Itt. II.~ h .. ckl,,,hr " 'r.,d,,"~,,t. 

SPI!CIFICATlONS 
R« .. I\'n VI If Ulannel. 2 thllltlx/l 11, UHF 
Clmnll\'''' 14 thlOlllh 8l 
tobl\lwl "'kit: "* nminll 
llf R,.,J anrrlllll 
Im('f\n-ed ' " ~ 
I way I'IlIWf fl.." .V-A lIbIine ~rerIe" Pl.: aJ.tpICT (optIOnal) 

Ctr .,lal'lcr (optlOl\;ll) 
Jrrv.n.: C,\.k· and e.arph.,_ Included 

UIlIVERSITY BaaKSTDRE 
_=.§_-:. __ ::§::--=_----::::=~--=---_=---=~_-:::= =_=.f_=f_---=E::= _--==_--=: = -: = § f = = -~-=ff~f= ff 

452-4291 
0----------------------------------0 

ATARI 520/1040 ST 
& IBM COMPATABLES 

*10% Student Discount 
ATARI 512K RAM SYSTEM W/HI-RES MONO -JUST 1879. 00 

• EXCLUDING SPECIAL OR SALE PRICING 

COMPU-COPY 
1001 E. VISTA WAY - IN VISTA 758.9851 

- WITH VALID STUDENT 1.0.· STAFF DISCOUNTS ALSO AVAILABLE 

U D 
SUMMER 
SESSION 
1 9 

The UCSD Summer Session 
begins June 23 and includes 
an exciting range of courses 
from virtually every campus 
department. Catalogs are avai 1-
able now. for your free copy, 
drop by the Summer Session 
Office, lOlA Administrative 
Complex, Monday through 
friday 8a,m. -4:30p.m., or phone 
452-4364. 

8 6 

134LLI:T 

I 
l 



8 Monday, April 7, 1986 
. NEWS 

Candidates 
Continued from page 7 
duty to "become accessible" to 
students. 

"When 1 represent a student 1 
take [WO things into account. 
First, 1 act as a delegate to 
students - how they vote 1 vote , 
and second, I also have ro be a 
trustee - because 1 have more 
information available ro me than 
other students," said Weiss. 

Weiss feels that closing the 
gap be[Ween the AS and the 
Student body will be 
accomplished through the use of 
surveys and a personal effon on 
.his pan to educate students on 
the current issues in the AS as 
well as national events that 
personally affect students. 

Vice President 
Financial ••••• 
Ira Rubenstein 

The Vice President of Fmance 
"requires a person to have a 
working relationship with all the 
Student organizations ," Ira 
Rubenstein saId . 

RubensteIn , as councilmember 
and chair of the Revelle College 
Council and treasurer of Sigma 
Alpha Mu , feels he could help 
student organizations financially . 

He said that "there's got to be 
a more efficient way ro fund the 
alternative media ," perhaps 
through special allocations, so 
that "everyone gets a fair shot." 

RubensteIn "wants to see 
students get the most out of theIr 
programming dollar. Through all 
the student organizations, there 
are a lot of events. [f run 
efficiently, t.here can be more 
open to all students." 

Pam West 

Pam West has worked as the 
activities coordinator for the 
Black Student Union (BSU ) for 
the last [WO years , and IS the 
assistant business manager for 
the gospel choir. 

"A lot of things planned by the 
AS are not planned for third 
world students. The money is 
there; it's just not being used for 
everyone," West said. 

West feels that more third 
world students should be on the 
AS Council with the ability ro 
vote and voice their opinions. 

"I feel I can make a change. 
I'm honeSt; I'm not a passive 
person , and I can do my job 
weU . I want to help, not JUSt 
assume a title," West said . 

Matti Siltanen 
Matti Slltanen is an active 

member of the booksrore 
committee, the chair of the 
Revelle Sundry Store Commitlee , 
and a member of the Revelle 
Apanment Programming Board . 
He feels qualified for the job and 
adds that he'U "pick up the finer 
points this quaner." 

Siltanen said that "something 
needs to be done to what's 
happening at this schoo1." He 
feels that the social activities are 
rigid because of the enforced 
alcohol policy. • 

"I've realized the necessity of 
alcohol. Alcohol makes it easier 
to meet people," Siltanen said . 
"I'm hoping peopl!: will take a 
look at the other candidates and 
look where they stand on the 
alcohol policy." 

Sihanen hopes ro bring the 
four coUeges closer, perhaps 
through an AS-sponsored beach 
pany and more T.G.s. 

Commissioner of 
Public Relations. • 
Kalherine BIImh.iseI 

Katherine Bamhisel wants to 
improve relations between UCSD 

and the surrounding community. 
She worked closely with Barbara 
Higgins, current Commissioner 
of Public Relations, to publicize 
AS events. write press releases 
and help with both the AS Bulletin 
Md the Freshman Record (an 
mter-campus yearbook , 
published for the first time this 
year). 

Barnhisel is the freshman 
senator for Revelle, assistant 
chairman of SOURCE. the AS 
representative to on-campus food 
and housing advisory committee 
and a representative on the 
personnel sub-committee. 

Barnhisel would expand the 
AS Bulletin and make it a 
separate publication . run 
newspaper insens and put up an 
activities board , to strengthen all 
lines of communication. 

Byron Gutierrez 
Byron Gutierrez. a 

Commissioner of Public Relations 
candidate . sees [WO major 
problems with the current AS: 1) 
events are not advenised enough 
in advance and 2) the lack of 
elIon to destroy disunity among 
students as a whole . Gutierrez. a 
member of MUN , the so iety of 
HispanIC Professional Engineers. 
and an organizer of the Sun God 
festival last year, sees the lack of 
publiCity for upcoming events as 
a major problem.. Gutierrez feels 
that the four separate colleges are 
"becoming shelled mro 
themselves." In his opinion . it is 
the responsibility of the AS to 
promote more events. such as 
weekend T.G.s and dance bands 
which would de-emphasize 
alcohol in order to increase 
intercampus mingling. 
"D" Shre~ 

Not available for interview 

• 

Commissioner of 
Communications •• 
Bill Eggers 

"I want to see the media 
situation change ." Bill Eggers an 
independent says. He would first 
follow the outcome of the 
alternative media referenda. then 
base fUf'lrling on readership . 
Eggers plans to use ceilings 
and percentages to find 
media . 

"The medium with minimum 
readership would get enough 
money to put out one issue per 
quaner. 

"The alternative media 
referendum could create 
problems. The first and second 
pan could be misunderStood and 
cancel each other out." 

Eggers would go to all the 
alternative media . "talk to them, 
talk to general students and a 
compromise can be reached." 
Steven Nimoy 

Ot available for interview. 
Byron Morton 

As a photographer. Byron 
Monon has contributed to every 
alternative media publication 
except the California Review and 
the Koala. He ran for Commissioner 
of Communications last 
year as an independent 
and [WO years ago for 
Muir College senator with the 
slate SPUDS. 

He views the alternative meOla 
as a mouthpiece for ethnic 
groups and , thus, a voice of the 
student body. 

"PaSt commissioners ha~ 
squelched that voice. They don 't 
understand the value of having 
that voice." 

He feels that the alternative 
Please tum to page 9 

ON RESERVE 
AT KINICO'S. 

Now you can provide your students with 
an alternative to the library reserve. 
Put your course materials on reserve at 
Kinko's, and give your students the option 
of obtaining their own individual copy to 
study. 
Make a reservation for your students this 
term. 

Creat copies. Creat ~. 

HOURS 
M-Th 7:30 am . 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs/Sav-On) 
La Jolla Village Convenience Center 

457-3775 

~--------------------------, I 
BACK TO KINKO'S 
Free high lighter pen 
with this coupon 
and purchase 
ExpIres: 4/ 'JJ/66 

kinko·s· 
457-3775 

I 
I 
I 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. : 
I (near RoIphs/Sov On) I L __________________________ ~ 

SIRIIS 
RI'" PRlSINTS 
ROC ...... 

APRIL a 
o 

APRIL 15 
IVAN DAVIS 

I ADAM LaLIE 
APRIL 22 

BRUCE (B .. YiMN) BAUM 
a LARRY SCA.~O 

APRIL 29 & IVtAY 6 
, TO 8E ANNOUNCED 

o 

IUESDAYS AI !HI ... 
9:. P.M. 

UCSD ST. $3.50, GA. '4.00 

o 

UCSD lOX omCE 
451-4559 

... _ A UNIVERSITY EVENTS oma PRlSENTATION_ .. 

Candidates 
Continued from page 8 
media funding proposal is a 
"farce ." 

"It is the mos t undemocratic 
piece of legislation thrown at 
students. If I am Commissioner 
of Communications. there will be 
regularly scheduled meetings 
with full participation." 

Commissioner of 
Programming •••• 
Raben C. Smith 

Roben Smith. president of the 
Black Student Science 
Organization and an active 
protestor on the alternative 
media issue in the AS. is "very 
concerned that previous AS 
councils ha~n't shown interest · 
in Third World students." 

Smith added that he wants to 
voice student concerns for all 
Students and not just his own 
ethnicity. 

Many of Smith's pro,gramming 
plans for the coming year center 
around cultural events such 9S: 
Asian Awareness Week, Cinco de 
Mayo . and Black History Month. 

"The current AS is not 

representative of the student 
populus," Smith said, and added 
that specifically the Lesbian and 
Gay Organization (!.AGO) along 
with the minority population are 
mi sre presented . 
Joel Schachne 

Joel Schachne's paSt 
experience includes his position 
as creative consultant for the 
Pub and programmer of noon-time 
concens. which ha~ resulted in 
good contacts with the Pub, UEO 
and private musicians. 

Schachne belie~s that the 
campus needs a lot more 
entenainment, which would 
create a "healthier. happier 
atmosphere." He favors a regular 
schedule of 15 TGs next year, 
which would be held at different 
sites to encourage aU campus 
panicipation. 

Schachne suggests that TGs be 
sponsored by other 
organizations. such as 
fratemities . with the AS as a co-
sponsor. paying for '4s of the 
total expenses. At. the e~nt, the 
organization could seU food to 
make money, which would 
encourage invol~ment. 

Schachne also supports 
cultural events. such as various 
ballet folklorios and world music 

Now: Copy COS>ene lOpes your.;eU any lerigth rail: Copy a one hour 
cassene In less than 2 rrunUle5 SImple: Easy as xeroxlng a lener lnexpen-
119.: OUr remarKably low pnce mcludes I~e nezound Copy Cassetle ~ 
AcC'wate: Guaranleed parlect monaural COPies every bme V.natIIel: 
Make I 2 3 or 100 COPies 01 lectUres semmal'S language labs mOOI 
Lflg s college clQ$85 sermons sales messages weddmgs Lnle lVle\VS talk 
.ng leners ICIlT\IJy evenls relaxation word proc .... ,ng d01a &. compul 
er programs 

I2E0:XND 
CASSETTE COPYING CENTERS 

••• VERS.IY _ •• S.RE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

University of California, San Diego 
---452-4291---

~LIQVds Bank 1!::.: -California 
CORPORATE BANKING 

Lloyds Bank California 
will be on campus ' to discuss 

careers in Corporate and 
Commercial Banking. Recent 

developments in the industry, the 
Bank's Training Program, and 

career opportunities will also be 
discussed. 

Friday, April II, 1986 
11:45 am ' 1:30 pm 

Multi,Purpose Room, 
Career Services Center 

sympOSiums. Lectures from such 
persons as government speakers 
and comedians were also 
suggested by Schachne. 

Schachne also supports 
campus-wide festivals for good 
causes such as hunger and anti-
apartheid. for which he would 
bring in big bands and relevant 
speakers. 
Chris Moore 

Chris Moore's qualifications 
for Commissioner of 
Programming includes his 
current position of Muir college 
senator and his experience as 
House Advisor at Muir and an 
Orientation leader. 

He feels that survey sheets at 
EDNA and other suggeStion 
boxes are a good means of 
finding out what students want 
on campus; suc h as types of 
bands. movies and speakers. 

Moore favors a "diversity of 
Programming, not juSt 
mainstream," which would 

invol~ all students. 
RoxanM Pomplio 

Roxanne Pomplio feels that 
her past involvement makes her 
qualified for the position of 
Commissioner of Programming. 
Her list of activities includes 
fund raising chairman for the 

Student 
Special 
31120 c~ 

No Minimum/No WoItlng 
'Mth Valid Student 10 
8'h x 11 20 lb. white 

machlnafed 

GOlDEN TIIIANGlE 
(In the computenand building 

across from ute) 
4320 Ia Jolla village cr. suite 265 

-entrance on Genesee-
M-F 8 am -6 pm 
Sat9am-3pm 

458-1909 

Spring Speci41 for ShUfenu 
Waxing (I Facial 
20% Off On All Sen.oices 

Inlemational Skin Care Spedalut 
LALE offen: 
• complece bod, (bikini) tI fGdGl 

WllXin •• 
• a>mIJ/eu detp pore cleansing of 

the faa 
• French rollagen treatment 
• Gene CT'eIItmftI, 
• PigmenuJtion problems 
• eyebrow arching & eyebrow and 

~h tinting with the applicarion 
of European vegetable pasU! rolor 

• treatment of facial wrinkks. acne 
JCQI'S and fill OWl an, furrow on the 
faa. 

For appoinlmenl cal! 
457.2003 or 457·2930 
89,0 Villa La Jolla Driue 
Su~ 3130, La JoUa, CA 9Xl337 

Warren Apartment government, 
developing a time capsule 
and a new constitution 
for Warren College. the Warren 
College newspaper and she 
worked under Bob Ames laSt year 
when she was the AS rep for the 
Sun God fesitival. Pomplio said 
that she decided to run this year 
so that she could. "do more than 
juSt express ideas to a 
committee." 

Academic Affairs 
Commissioner ••• 

Michelle Hopkins 
Michelle Hopkins has served 

as an assiStant to Peter Kim. 
current Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs , sat on the 
Student/ Faculty Relations 
Committee and is the student 
representative on an academic 
senate. which determines how 
policy is laid doym . 

She suggeSts publicizing the 
AS at each coUege's orientation to 
make the AS visible and to 
Strengthen comrriunication 
between the student body and 
the AS. 
Richanl CasreBanos 
Victor Cha~t 

Not available for interview. 

Monday. April 7, 1986 9 
NEWS 

Commissioner of 
Operations/Services 
and Enterprises ••• 
nave MarchJck 

Dave Marchick. presently the 
Associate Director of State Affairs 
with UCSD's Lobby Annex, has 
been a committee member of the 
Alternative Housing Committee 
and the External Affairs 
Comminee. 

The Mu~r sophomore has 
worked closely with Marla 
Winitz. current Commissioner of 
Operations/ Services and . 
Enterprises, and feels that he has 
a good underStanding of 
monetary budgets and knows 
how to run a good business. 
Chrystal Nichols 

ChryStal Nichols has helped to 
organize events in most of the 
black organizations on campus: 
NSB. BSU and BSSO. She is also 
active in the Bioengineers 
Sociery. 

" l would make a lot of changes 
(in office). Allotted money would 
be published, either in a 
newsletter or on a page in the 
Guardian ." 

Interviews were condU(:ted by Niki 
Newlands and Suzanne Lifson. 

HOUT Haunted Prosperity" 
Dr. Walter W. Heller from the 

University of Minnesota will be giving a 
free public lecture on the state of our 
economy and present economic policy. 

The lecture will be 
today, April 7 at 3 pm 

in Mandeville Auditorium. 

Dr. Heller was the Chairman of the 
President's Council of Economic Advisors 
under President Kennedy and Johnson (61, 
64). He has also written numerous books 
on the economy, 

This event is sponsored by the 
Economics and Management Science 
Student Association (EMSSA), the 
Economics Department and the Political 
Science Department. 

Family Planning 
Associates 

Medical Group 

• 
• Pregnancy Termination • Birth Control 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
• PAP Smears • Breast Exams 

Student Health Insur./MedICal & Health Plans 

San Diego 
6495 Alvarado Road 
(619) 287-8226 



10 Monday, Apnl 7, 1986 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
.100 ""·ZIOO pm - SIGI Plus. Systems of 
Interactive Guidance and Information is a 
computer-based program of career 
information designed to help you clarify your 
skills, values and occupational interests. For 
more information, come to career Services 
Center. 
8100 ...... 1. pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline - A hotline phone-in service for help 
with dialon, grammar and punauation 
problems. To readl Grammar Moses, call 
452-2284 between the hours of 9 and 4 
Monday-Friday. Sponsored t1f OASIS Writing 
Center. ~ce ",ailable ttToughout the 
Quarter. 
•• 0 ..... 4:.JO pm - OASIS Writing Center 
offers free service for all UCSD students who 
need pre-writing help, conferences on drafts 
and editing advice. We engage any kind of 
writing and any kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are t1f appointment only. 
Evening appointments are also ",ailable in 
OASIS Third Place at Third College. /For the 
full range of services see the back of the 
current class sche<1Jle). Call 452-22B4 or 
come by USB 4010 to make an appointment. 
This service is available throughout the 
quarter. Sponsored by the OASIS Writing 
Center. 
MONDAY 

10~1 hOO .... - MElVYl. Online 
catalog - How to make it jump through 
hoops. Forty-live minute sessions, everyone 
welcome. In Hl. 
MONDAY 
I :»4100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help finding desirable part-time 
employment, determining career goals, 
searching for jobs or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessal}', just walk-in. In the 
career Services Center. 
TUESDAY 
11100 .m - The Marketable Resume 
Workshop. learn how to construa a state-
of-the-art resume that will make you stand 
out from the crowd. In the Career Services 
Center. 
' ... 4100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 

.For help with career foals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunitIes. No 
appointment neeessal)', just walk-In. In the 
Career Services Center. 
IlOO pm - On-campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
parrjdpatlng in the career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandato/)' that you attend one 
of these orientations before you Interview. In 
the Career Services Center. 
WEDNaDAY 
10100 ... -Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do you need help in preparing for job 
interviews 7 career Services Center will 
prCNide tips on the best ways to present your 
qualilications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Career Services 
Center. 
1100-.100 pm - The Language level I -
This OASIS program focuses on the thinking 
skills you need to successfully handle the 
reading and writing tasks assigned in your 
courses. It Is designed Ibr those who want to 
perfect their English larlgJage skills. LP 
dasses are taught by reading and writing 

eekly 

specialists and bili"gual tutors. lP is 
presented t1f the OASIS Writing Center and 
the OASIS Reading Center. In USB 4010. 
11.0-4100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours : 
For help with career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessal}', just walk-in. In the 
Career Services Center 
..00 pm - Finding the Hidden Job Market. 
Eighty percent of all job vacandes are 
unadvertised. This workshop will teach you a 
W<tj to find out about them. In the career 
Services Center. 
.100 pm - The Marketable Resume 
Workshop. learn how to construa a state-
of-the-art resume that will make you stand 
out from the crowd. In the Career Servlo!s 
Center. 
THURSDAY 
910C)-10100 .... - The OASIS GM 
/Grammar & Medlanics/ Workshop is 
designed for students who would like to 
work on darifying basic gramatical concepts 
and categories, and applying them in 
extensive, sy.;tematic series of praaical 
exercises. An exercise manual to be 
purdlased by the student will be used. All 
work will be completed in the context of the 
workshop. In USB 4010. 
101 ..... - On-Campus Interviewing 
Orientation. If you are interested in 
participating in the Career Services Center's 
on-campus interviewing program this 
quarter, it is mandatol}' that you attend one 
of these orientations before you interview. In 
the Career Services Center. 
1 .. 0-4100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 

For help with career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary, just walk-in. In the 
career Services Center 
ZIOO pm - On Camera: Practidng 
Interviewing Skills - Sharpen your 
interviewing skills ~ seeing and hearing 
yourself on videot~e. Receive feedback from 
other job seekers in ttis group workshop. 

~equisite: Interviewing Skills Uibrkshop. In 
It1e career Services Center. 
2 ... 1100 pm - MEl VYl. Online catalOg 
- How to make it jump ttTough hoops. 
Forty-five minute seSSions, everyone 
wecome. In Hl. 
.100 pm - Interviewing Skills Workshop. 
Do you need help in preparing for job 
interviews7 Career Services Center will 
provide tips on the best ways to present your 
qualilications and what kind of interview 
questions to expect. In the Career Services 
Center. 
fRIDAY 
101.0 .... - The Marketable Resume 
Workshop. learn how to construa a state-
of-the-art resume that will make you stand 
out from the crowd. In the career Services 
Center. 
11145 ... -1 .. pm -Lloyd's Bank will be 
here on campus to give a presentation about 
their company for any students interested. 
They will also be here to recruit on campus 
Monday, April 21. In the Career Services 
Center Multi-Purpose Room. 
11»4100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help with career ~aIs, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
~--------------

or graduate school opportunities. No 
appoIntment necessary. just walk-In. In the 
Career Services Center 
SATURDAY 
fIOO ... - Identifying Your Career. An all-
day workshop to identify viable career 
q>tions through extensive self-assessment. 
Non-refundable pre-registration fee SIO. Sign 
up by April II. In the career Services Center. 
REUGIOUS FUNcnONS 
TUESDAY-fRIDAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass at the ltIiversity 
Lutheran Church 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
MONDAY 
7100 pm - Asian American Christian 
Fellowship. Come join us as we find out more 
about how to have pr¥r support and better 
communications. This week we're meeting in 
the Revelle Formal LDunge. We'd love to see 
}UU therel 
7100 pm - Campus Crusade for Christ -
Start the quarter off right I Join us t>r 
fellowship and Bible Stuc:¥ as we continue a 
study of Acts. See you at 7:00 in Bonner Hall 
2105. 
WEDNESDAY 
6100 pm - Supper hosted t1f the llJtheran 
community at UCSD, all are welcome. At the 
University Lutheran Churdl just west of Urey 
Hall parking lot. 
7100 pm - Bible Stuc:¥ on "Romans 11. " 
hostedt1f the lutherarl community at UCSD. 
Everyone is welcome. In the LDunge of the 
ltIiversity Lutheran Churdl across the street 
from Revelle College. 
IlOO pm - Color slides on Israel: 
"Discovering Our .Jewish Roots, " presented 
by Campus Pastor John Huber. Open to all. 
At the Lhiversity Lutheran Olurdl. 
10100 pm - candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel of the U1iversity lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
5145 pm - The 'Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great compal'¥. Sponsored by the 
catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
ltIiversity Lutheran Churdl. 
7110 pm - ltIited campus ministly meets 
regularly for Bible Study. For Information call 

Itl~ office at x2521. Recreational events are 
planned as well, for students interested in 
Christiarl fellowship . In the Sun House, La 
.blla. 
FRIDAY 
7100 pm -Chi Christian Fellowship meets 
- a fows on prayer. Nelson Lkhegbu from 
Nigeria will be speaking. In the Revelle 
FormalLDunge. 
SATURDAY 
5JOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of tlie Lhiversity lutheran Churdl. 
SUNDAY 
.100 & 10100 .... - Sunday Eudlarist. At 
the Good Samaritarl Church, 4321 Eastgate 
Mall. . 
.110 ... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of Itle l.kliversity Lutheran Churdl. 
·10100 ... -The UCSDGospei Choir will be 
featured dJring the lutheran worstip 
service. All are welcome. Refrestments are 
served. At the ltIiversity Lutheran Church, 
across the street from Revelle Colleg~. 
10110 ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored t1f 
the catholic Community at UCSD. In the 

LDwer ~el Conference Rm., Student Center 
Bldg. B. 
5100 pm - Catrolic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic COfmlunity at UCSD. In the 
l.kliversity Lutheran Church. 
7100 pm - Evening worship by various 
Protestant ministries at UCSO. Everyone is 
welcome. At the ltIiversity Lutheran Church. 
7100 pm - Folk mass. In the Good 
Samaritan Episcopal Churdl, 4321 Eastgate 
Mall. 
ENTERTAINMENT 
.aOO pm - UCSO Wind Quintet offers 
music by Ugeti, Hindemith. Barber and lbert. 
In Mandeville B-210. Admission S2. 
LEcruRE 
MONDAY 

7~ pm - Frederick Edwards, past 
president of the American Humanism 
Assodation will present a free, informal 
lecrure concerning the unsdentilic validity of 
"scientific" creationism. Sponsored by 
Rationalists of UCSO. In P&l 1110. Free. 
RKREATION 
ntURSDAY 
7:00 pm - Surf Club meeting. Refreshing 
events will be disrussed induding spring 
classic, beer opens, trash marathon, Sun God 
Festival, retreat to Bali, etc. All stoked 
wefcomell In USB ~20. 

~JtGZAnoNAL MUT1NG 
TUUDAY 
5aOO pm - Th Organization of Arab 
students /GAS) is hiMng its lirst meeting of 
the quarter. This will be a very importalt 
meeting, so we er1rourage all to attend New 
members are aIw¥wefcome.ln USB 30308. 
WEDNISDAY 
4100 pm - APSA /Asian Pacific Student 
Alliance) Is holdng a general meeting in the 
APSA office in the Student Center. New and 
old menbers are enrouraged to attend. Bring 
a friendl For more Information contact N'SA 
office at 452---2048. 
FRIDAY 
1100 pm - Where can you share your 
concerns and strategies ror living optimally 
with Diabetes 7 At the next Diabetic Support 
Group on Friday, April II, I pm, Student 
Health Service, 2nd floor, training. Dottle 
Dean, RN will share what she learned at a 
recent American Diabetic Assodation all day 
seminar. Open to all UCSD community 
interested in diabetes. Questions 7 call x2419 
Health Education. 

SERVICES/WORICSHOPS 

MONMY-FRIMY 
9rOO ...... 100 pm -If you're interested in 
doing an internshp this summer or fall, do 
something about it NOWlThe AS Internship 
Office is here to help you get the experience 
you need in addition to acadenic' courses. If 
you can't attend Intermtip Info nite this 
Wed1esday, stop by ASIO, 2nd floor of the 
Student Center above the gcrne room for 
more Info. ASIO can be reached by calling 
452-4689. 
MONDAY 
12100-1100 pm - let go of Stress and 
Relax. For all UCSD students, this group is 
desigled to teadl methods of relaxing and 
dealing with stress which carl be used for a 
lifetime .. Students IIlCPf attend all sessions or 
drop into any one of them as convenient. led 
by M¥lard Brusman and Izzy Lerman. Call 
452-3755 t>r sign up. In HlIOO3. 
..00 pm - Olilcten of AICDholic:s Group 
/organizationl meeting). Are you a child of an 
alcholic? This group will provide 
q>portunIties b self-expt>ration with others 
who also know INhat It is like to be raised in 
an alcoholic home. Led by ChooctI Busse, 
452--3585. In Dr. Busse's otrlce, HSS 2126. 
2 ... 1100 pm - \Xhlen are you goma 
come down? When are you going to larld7 
Say HGoodt!fe Yellow Brld< ~ad" and hello 
Birth Controllnfonnation Session. ~ the up 
to date education you need before it is too 
late. t..pstairs at the Students Health Center. 
TUUD"'Y 
.... 10100 _ - Adults Molested As 
Olildren. A group for men arid women who 
were molested in ctikllood or adolescence 
by strCWlger5, ~ nJlrx family 
memberS. Interested students should call 
Mirian losupcMd /452--3755/ Of' Lorraine 
Watson 145~ 39871 ror in(onnation and slgl 
up. in Hl 1003. 
IJaOO. I 100 .... - Show her that you love 

. her. Tak~ her by the hand and walk ~ to 
the Birth Control Info Sesslon. It's a relalCed 

atmospher~ wher~ )QJ can ~iI'n together 
abOut yoursefves. So visit us upstairs at 
SHe ... ft'll appreciate the thought. 
1 ... 2100 pm - Type A BeMIIor and Your 
Health ~ Type A behavior pattern is 
characterized by Intens~ ambition, 
competitive drive, preoccupation with 
deadlines, and a sense of t~ urgency. 
Recrnt research suggests that angy/hostile 
aspectS ofthe TASP are detrimental 10 health. 
Learn CDg1i~/beh.Moral tMniques to 
reduce ~ and imprCJ\le interpersonai 
skills. led t1f On. Ma)mrd Brusman and 

Ibchef~ Bastien /452-3(35). In HL )003. 

Calendar-

MDNaDIIY 
......... _ - Gr~ \IA:Jmen in 
Science & Engineering. Support t>r grac1Jate 
women dealing with issues r:J career, 
relations tips, being in male-dominated 
IIeId5. lab groups/research groups. led by 
Choo<t1 Busse. call OII~ at 452-3585. In 
Dr. Busse's office, HSS 2126-
1z....100 .... - ~II, if you Mi'en't 
noticed by row, your health center has been 
proIIiding free Bith COf'VOI Int>nnation 
SessIons ttYee times a IIIoftI<. ~ week, ror 

~. HiM you visited one yet7 If not 
please take an hour out of your day and join 
us br ~t facts about your ~ and 
health. ~ ec1Jcated not ig-lor arlt. t..,pstairs at 
the Student Health Center. 
4100-6100 ..... - campus Black Forum. A 
weekly, informal diswss/on group on the 
Issues, c:oncrrns. and the quality of li~ of the 
BIadI mmm.mityat UCSO. lhis is an ongoing 
group and students carl join at any time. 
Students carl call leaders PhIl Raphael at 452-
3755 or Rod1eIIe Bastien at 452-3035 if they 
~ any questions; otherwise they can just 
come to the group. In the Mountain \1ew 
Lounge. 
..1 ••• 00 pM - lesbian/Bls~xual 
Women's Group. DisOJSSion/support g-oup 
br undergar1.late women. lMI by catt¥. In 
the Ult>mer.-s ~rce Center. 
7100 .... - Internship Inbrmation night. 
sponsored by the AS Internship Officr, II1II11 
prOlllde you with valuabl~ Information atlout 
the wide world of internships. Don't miss Itl 

For more info call ASIO at 452-2689 or stop 
~ the office in the Student Center. 
lHURSMY 
IZIOO-IIOO ..... - i\r~ you a woman 
concerned about her health 7 Do )QJ know 
how to prevent infections 7 Do )QJ know 
about )QJr needs for calcium and iron 7 Are 
)QJ curious about peMc ~/ Just one yes 
answer entitles you to attend a ~I \Xk>man 
Session. t..,pstairs - Health Center. 
1100-2110 pili - GiIy/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group. On-going support !TOlJP 
for men with a counseling erfl>hasis. Led t1f 
Steve Brac:¥ and Demetrius. In Hl 1003. 
1 ... 2110 pm - RED II. This g-oup is 
designed ror students who MIe already 

work~ on eating cisorders and ar~ wrrently 
in the process of giving up a serious eatJng 
problem. led t1f Mirian IosupoW:i and 
Dicksie Allen, 452-3755. In Hl 1003. 
Za»4100 pm - REO III. lhis group is tlr 
students who wish to give up their obIession 
with tbod and who desir~ personal !JOWth 
led by Dr. Beverly HarjJ, 452-3987, and peer 
counselor. In Dr. HarjJ's office. In we 302. 
Il00-4100 pili - Back to the Future -
Career Group. Students will ~xpk)r~ sldlls, 
interests, values arid personality and lifestyle 
prem-encr to ldentI~ and start pIarlning t>r a 
mearlingrul M~ direction Led by Dr. Maynard 
BrusmiIn, 452-3035. In HL 1003. 
.... 1100 pili - Lesbian & Bisexual 
Women Graduate Student Group. A peer-led 
discussion group b women g-adJate 
students who .~ lesbian. bisecual or 

Monday, April 7, 1986 11 

. wisting to explore this part of their lives. led 
~ Chris and .Jennifer, 452-2023. 
In HlIOO3. 
'''~8100 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men and 
Uibmen's Discussion Group. Focus will be on 
discussion topics of mutual interest to a large 
group /15-30). Led by Catt¥ and Demetrius. 
In TCHB 141. 
PRlDAY 
ZlOO4aOO pm - Alcohol and SUbstance 
Abuse Group. Ifyou'veever asked "do I MIe 
a problem 7' chances are you do /'we a few 
things to talk about Students of any age or • 
histoly with substances are wecome to 
participate In the weekly discussions. 8eA:>r~ 
joining the group Interested students are 
asked to call B«ca at 452--3755 to mak~ an 
appointrnerlt with one of our counselors to 
see if th~ group will. meet their needs. Led ~ 
Dan Munoz. In the Revelle PrO\lOSt'S 0fIIcr. 

OlHD 

lUUDAY 
- OUtdoor Recreation Swap Meet: open to 

eIII!f}'Oflel Fun and free. At the OUtdoor 
Equip. Rm. at CarlyonvIew. 
SA~Y-SUNDAY 
.... __ 1110 pm - ~ Massage: 
Come alone or brilg a friend to a reiaKing. 
irMgorating and instructional dink. Ease an 
aching muscle, heal a sports In)Jry. TBA. 
AanIssion 512 ror students with RecCards, 
516 without 

.' . 



, _.I I ~ ,.noc 
.." J ""'"' " 

12 Monday, April 7, 1986 

Minoru Yasui speaks on his intemnlent ... 
By EVA WONG, ConlribUling EdilOr 

M INORU YASUI, a Redress Movement leader, who was 
imprisoned in Western Civil 
Control Administration (WCCA), 
War Relocation Agency (WRA) 
camps and Multnomah County 
Jail from 1942 to 1944, will be 
speaking explicitly at a Regents 
Public leccure about the 
evacuation of persons of 
Japanese ancestry from the west 
coast as a travesty of injustice 
that occured in 1942. 

Yasui will be speaking of his 
experiences during the 
internment and what has been 
done recently to rectify the 
injustices suffered by the 
Japanese-Americans in America 
during World War I!. 

Though retribution for the 
errors made by the government 
in the past is impossible, Yasui's 
hope is to eradiate the public's 

mi~-interpretations of the 
internment through the lectures 
he makes all over the country. 
During his visit to UC5D, Yasui 
will also be discussing the 
importance of making 
corrections now, in 1986, for 
what was done in the past. 

Yasui beleives the danger of 
imprisonment based on 
ethnicity, without any 
j ustification , not only affects 

" t ... we canno 
ignore the errors of 
the past. America 
must practice what it 
preaches. " 

those who suffered in the past , 
but also affects the present day 
generation of Americans. as well 
as future generations. 

Yasui , who was an attorney at 
law in Portland , Oregon previous 
to placement in the WCAA and 
WRA camps in 1942, says he 
was put in isolation for nine 
months in a six foot by nine foot 

'Japanese-Americans are easily associated with the 
Japanese in Japan. People are being grouped, and it's 
wrong and ridiculous; we were and are Americans. " 

Yasui continues, "Our nation 
is the best hope for aU , there is 
the belief in equality - ye t, we 
cannot ignore the errors of the 
past. America must practice what 
it preaches." Yasui believes the 

cell while in the Multnomah 
County Jail in 1943. Yasui was 
the first test case, in that he 
voluntarily violated the military 

order that was imposed 
people of Japanese 

thl' 
of 

and 
he remai mentaUy 

sane during his imprisonment 
only because he knew he was 
right in protesting the 
mternment of Japanese-
Americans. 

Because of war-time 
conditions, Yasui had hoped for 
delays in the presentation of the 
cases to the c~urts since, 
"emotions were 
high, and 
contrary to 
equal justice for 
all, it was an 
ironic justice. 
There was haste 
in the decisions 
of the cases." 

After his stay 
in the small 
WCCA 
concentration 
camp in North 
Ponland which 
was converted 
from a livestock 
bam and 
guarded with 
machine guns 
and barbed 
WIre; his stay in 
the larger 
Minidoka WRA 
camp in Idaho, 
which 
contained 23 
miles and was 
surrounded 
completely by 
barbed wire . 

practiced law from then until public has mis-interpreted the 
1967, when he retired . internment today in that, 

Previous to the evacuation, as "Japanese-Americans are easily 
well as afterwards, Yasui played associated with the Japanese in 
an active role in his community. Japan, People are being grouped, 
He says, his father sparked his and it's wrong and ridiculous, we 
interest in his own vast were and are Americans!" 
involvement in me comm~ There have been bills pending 

father was a communi~ before Congress for the past 
in his -couple of years regrding 

to it bener.~ 
go back to for a Involvement in theJapanese 
of the bar exam, to be re- Citizen league OAel); 
admitted into society as Scouts of America; 
Yasui says, he "couldn't newspapers as a 
admined for twO to three f'ntTP •• ,nrlpnr, weekly columnist, 
because he had to be re-enr()lle~.ld a publisher; 
in law school to take the bar." on the Commission 

After an appeal to the Relations, and in 
Colorado Supreme Court, Yasui the Denver Schools are 
was admitted to the Colorado some of the community activities 
Bar in January 1946, and Yasui has been a part of from 

the early 30s 
to the present 
day. 

In 1983, 
due to 
Professor Peter 
Irons of 
UCSD's 
approaching 
Yasui with 
evidence that 
Japanese-
Americans 
were not a 
security threat 
during World 
War II , Yasui 
filed the Writ 
of Error 
"coram nobis" 
in U.s District 
Court for 
Oregon in an 
effon to 
overturn a nd 
erase the U.s. 
Supreme . 
Court 
decisions of 
the cases in 
the past. 

mll,neltarv compensation of about 
from the government to 
3o~mese-.AmlericatlS confined 

the early 40s and to their 
survi families, according to 
Irons, Says Yasui, "the amount 
has to be enough to hurt, and 
though it is a substantial amount, 
mere is no way (the gove rnment) 
could ever pay enough ." 

Yasui does not view 
compensation as an apology, 
"but as an act, and ac tions speak 
louder than words ." Yasui is 
presently rectifying the e rrors, in 
that he has been acting to 
correct the perceptions of the 
public on the internment by 
lecturing in over fifty 
univeris ities a ll over the country, 
in the past two to three years. 

Though Yasui sces the 
Japanese-Americans and other 
Asian-Americans in today's 

ce ••• respecting the 
rights of others 
leads to others 
respecting the rights 
for the se 1f " 
society as Americans, "Asian-
Americans should be a part of 
the total community; respecting 
the rights of others leads to 
others respecting the rights for 
the self." Yasui also says, "There 
will always be a cluster, a culture 
which adds color; distinct 
because of the Asian 
heritage ." 

• • • 
and Peter Irons speaks on helping him 

By EVA WONG, Contributing Ediror 

W HAT STARTED m 1981 , as a "simple, scholarly, historical 
accounting" for a book 
chronicling the landmark cases 
of three men who refused to 
obey the internment of people of 
Japanese ancestry during World 
War II , has changed present day 
history. A cording to Political 
SCience professor Peter Irons, in 
domg research for hiS book, 
Justice at War, he uncovered 
material proving the military 
never had any evidence of illicit 
behavior among the Japanese-
Ameri cans 

Because of the eviden ce Irons 
obtamed through the Freedom 01 
Information Act, "In each of the 
~ cases, federal Judges have 

~ vacated the major conviction . 
~ What the Judges have done IS to 
~ rule that the government 

ommmed mlscounduct In the 
-: cases 40 years <lgo , which 
<; depnved each one of the • 
If Plea tum to page 1 j 

thQ wrifQr'! n 

Another AS election, h uh1 
lImm. So who's running? 
By PHIL LAUDER 

H OLY COW!! It's that time of year again, boys and girls! AS Election time! 
Fasten your seat belts, keep your 
arms and legs and other relevant 
appendages inside the car at all 
times. I know it's eXCiting, but try 
to hold it in till after it's over. 

The beginning of spri ng 
quarter signals the ignition of the 
great democra tic machinery 
known as AS Elections. And it 
seems it Just gets better, more 
exciti ng, more glamorous and 
more star-studded every year, 
doesn 't it folks? YOll betcha it 
does. 

Most of you are thinking, 
"Elections? Again? What's the 
weather at the beach today?" 
Now that 's the kind of emotion 
and excitement that really get 
stirred up by these elections. In a 
word, nobody cares. That was 
two words. Well, you get the 
idea. 

I have already pissed off every 
member of the Associated 
Student Government by saying 
"nobody cares." Trouble is, I'm 
right. Americans in general don 't 
get excited about elections. A 
50% curnout is nothing short of 
a miracle - what was the 
turnout at the last San Diego 
mayoral e\ection1 Twenty 
percent? Thirty percent? I know, 
I'm the writer, I should be doing 

• 

the god damn research, not you. 
Look, I'm lazy. The point is, even 
an election that determines how 
San Diego politics are going to 
recover in the aftennath of an 
embarraSSing scandal doesn't 
matter to 'most people, many of 
whom would rather worry about 
who's sleeping behi nd whose 
back on tonight's episode of 
Dallas or what's playing on dollar 
night at La Jolla Village. 

I might be comi ng off holier 
than thou, but trust me, I'm not. I 
didn 't vote in the mayoral 
election either. It wasn't that I 
cared more about TV or movies; 
I JUSt didn't know enough about 
the candidates to deem my vote 
of any importance. 

Which is the w.ay it is with 
most people during campus 
elections. The main question: 
"Who are these jerks? What the 
hell do I base a vote on? Are 
they Republicans, Democrats, 
Commu nists, Neo-Nazis, 
Kadafft 'ites? Do they believe in 
God, sex, intelligence tests? 
What do they think about the 
Dallas Cowboys? Is this (he year 
for the Miracle Mets? Where do 
they think the beef really is?" 

Of course, one usually can 
come up with at least some info 
on these people, culled in this 
case from the local campus 
paper. Thursday's Guardian 

Peter Irons Speaks 
Continued [rom page 12 
defendants (Minoru Yasui, Fred 
Korematsu and Gordon 
Hirabayshi) of their 
constitutional rights." 

Says Irons, "In the course of 
the research, I came across the 
Justice Department files of these 
cases and discovered the 
documents that showed the 

3¢ XEROX COPIES 
WITH STUDENT lD 

We take 
the haute out-

• . Poetal Mailbox Reno". 
Open 24 hrs. 

• Parcel Shippin, • 
Fed. Express, UPS, Pural.lor 
• Mailinl Material, • 

• Audio c...e~ Dupin,. 
• Puaport PhotOl • 

3368 Governor Dr. #F 
n"'" '" Ilk: P .. , Off!.:" 
an ,h.,. 8c,c &.T G."rth.'Y 

(619) 457-1072 
Mon.-Fri. 8 am-7 pm 

Sat. 8 am-6 pm 

government admissions of 
concealed evidence before the 
Supreme Court," which brought 
about a way for Yasu, Korematsu 
and Hirabayshi to re-open their 
cases. 

According to Irons , "What was 
exci ting about the re-opening of 
the cases, was not only that the 

• Save $1$ 
AUTO 

INSURANCE 
Special College 

Student Program 
To qualify. 

undergraduate students 
must have 12 units. 
Graduate students 
must have 8 units 

Call for Immmedlate quote. 
560-9055 

Offered through: 
oak leaf 

Insurance AgeDCY 

~ 
4540 Ieany v-. lid. 

Salle no 
. rtear a.Iboa AYe. It 163 

San Diego, CA gUll • 

discussed the referenda II like 
words whose plurals end in an 
"a"J and presented a list of the 
candidates for AS positions, and 
loday's issue ta lks [Q and about 
some of those candidates. That's 
about aU the information most of 
us are going to come by. OK, so 
decide already. 

Um , uh, drm - shoot, I 
dun no. 

One candidate might support 
TGs . Well , TGs are nice -
maybe I should vote for her. But 
then she also th inks there should 
be a time-sharing condo built 
into the University Center. OK . 
who's next? This guy suppOrtS 
passage of evety referendum eve r 
created , and thinks the AS 
should support a campus 
switchover to the pass/ fail 
grading system a la UC Santa 
Cruz . That's nice . This next lady 
vOted for George McGovern in 
72. Finally, some real information 
- that's my candidate! 

Then there are a lways slates. 
Those are useful. Do I vote for 
those in the Banana slate or the 
Rocky Horror Picture Show slate? 
What about the Reunited 
Dependents or the Cast Your 
Suds in a Potluck slates? Last 
year RSVP swept the AS 
elections. Nobody evell knows 
what RSVP stands for. I'm still 

original defendants were eager to 
re-open these cases, but the 
entire Japanese-American 
community pulled together. It 
included young people who 
worked as voluntee rs on the legal 
team. This was a great crusade 
for them, it was somehting that 
related direcclv to their families." 
- Though the 110,000 Japanese-
Americans were never charged 
with a crime, they served three 
years out of their lives in relocation 
camps, and many of them lost their 
homes and businesses. However, 
Irons said, "some of the states and 

PREPARAIION fOR 

GMAT· LSAT· GRE 
Classes on Campus 

Diane Shopping Center 
4780 Clairemom 

Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 

92117-2006 
(619) 277-6744 

MARY McNULTY 
Administrator 

waiting for a slate named 
"Clean." 

These electlons wo n't be the 
last we ever face armed With 
next to zero infonnation to base 
a vote upon. A few weeks ago my 
house got a ballot from our 
condo association askmg us to 
send in our proxy vote for the 
association's Board of Directors. 
Listed on the baUOt were four 
people named Joe and Manha, 
who could be mannequins for all 
we know. We promptly ignored 
the notice. A few weeks later we 
gOt a second notice, saying that 
exaccly seven people sent in the 
first proxy, and that's nOt 
enough, and we 've just wasted 
billions of valuable association 
dollars re-distributi ng proxy 
ballots, and the association really 
can't understand why we 
ignorant imbeciles can't get our 

cities - San Fr.mcisco, los 
Angeles, the state of WashingtoJ!. , 
and other ci ties - have all paid 
compensation to public employees 
who were fired because of their 
Japanese ancestry, There has been 
a recent precedence of monetary 
redress, but Congress still has not 
acted as a whole ." 

Irons also said , "American 
society has not yet faced up to 
the responsibility to re-address 
the injustices done to 
Americans,"lrons cites, there are 
bins before Congress yet to be 
passed, that propose monetaty 

4J11 
~~ ~~ . 

Color 
Blind? 

If you are color 
blind 'Ne will pay 

you $5.00 per hour 
to participate in 

perception 
experiments on 
the nature of 

color blindness. 

For more 
information contact: 

KathyPuit 
at 451-3914 

Monday, April 7, 1986 13 
FEATURES 

*&C# L §# acts together an~ 
vote . If it is poss ible for written 
words to whine, these d id. 

HEY PALS, TAKE A FLYING 
LEAP! Give us some information 
on thesc sputniks and maybe 
we'll send in our goddamn 
ballots , dig? Where the hell do 
you get 01T saying you "really 
can't understand" us? We "really 
can't understand" you!! You're 
working for us , see. and if you 
can't present any information to 
inform your electorate, then 
you're lame , LAME!! , and you 
should think about finding a job 
picking strawberries or 
something. Besides, this is a 
stinking CONDO ASSOCIATION 
election . Give us a break!! 

I feel bene r. 
I'll be voti ng in the AS 

Elections tOmorrow. McGovern in 
'88. Right on! ~ 

restitution to people who were 
held in the relocation camps, 
"there are about 150 co-sponsors 
of the biUs pending in Congress, 
and, in fact, I am testifying 
before a Congressonal committee 
later this month on the Redress 
bills . " 

Currently, Irons is finishing a 
second book, which is due out 
sometime this year. It deals with 
what has happened in the past 
few years , since the recent re-
ope ning of the cases and the re-
trials of Korematsu , Yasui and 
Hirabayshi. ~ 

m~ em 01" SM DlfGO , 
bas . 

4S SUJllllRK JOBS 
asa 

UnGUARD I 
Sal: $7.19-$8.64/Hr. 

You must be at least 17yrs. old 
and have strong swimming 
skills. You must sign-up and 
pass a run -swim-ru n' 
performance test of 600 
metErs (657 )'(Is.) in 10 
minutes. 

Al'f'LY and 1ES1': 
Wednesday, April 9,1986, 
betweal 8 am ~ 10 am. 

LOCArIO": Santa Clara 
RecreaUon Center at 1008 
Santa Clara Place In Mission 
Beach. 
You must bring with you a 
picture identit1cation, swim 
suit towe~ and a change of 
clothing for an Interview . 
!'or additional InfunnaUon, 
contact: 

all' or SM DlfGO 
City Adm. Bldg. Lobby 

f1nployment Info. COunter 
202 "c" Street 

San Diego, CA 92101 
2.56-5753 ro~ 



Postions Open: 
Lobby Annex 

Directorships and staff positions now 
available. For credit/internships/ stipend. 
Lobby, educate, inform legislators and 
students in San Diego and at the Capitol. 
Leave your name and phone number for 
Eric Weiss at x4450. 

Thinking about????? 
having your first Pap Smear and exam? The 

Health Service's Women's Clinic and Student 
Health Advocates have two informal, fact filled 
sessions just for you!!! If you are interested in 
Birth Con trol you can attend a Birth Control 
Session Mondays from 2-3 pm, Tuesdays and 
Wednesdays from noon-l pm. If you are only 
interested in the exam and lots of great 
information about women's health, you can 
attend a Well Woman Session on Thursdays from 
noon to 1 pm. Or both! All sessions are held in the 
second floor training room at the Student Health 
Service. For more information call 452-2180. 

Desperately Seeking. . .Health 1?? 
If So, request a Studen t Health Advocate 

program on stress, nutrition , blood pressure, cold 
care, skin care, alcohol! drugs, b irth control, 
relationships, sexuality, well woman care, 
sexually transmitted disease. We would love to 
talk to your club, dorm, class or interested group, 
Call 452-2419 today, Sponsored by (he Student 
Health Service, Student Health Advocates, Health 
Education and W omen's Clin ic. 

'Our Haunted Prosperity' 
Dr. Walter W. Heller from the University of 

Minnesota will be giving a free public lecture on the 
state of our economy and present economic policy. 
The lecture will be today at 3 pm in Mandeville 
Auditorium. Dr. Heller was the Chairman of the 
President's Council of Economic Advisors under 
President Kennedy and Johnson (61-64). He has 
also written numerous books on the economy. This 
event is sponsored by tDe Economics and 
Management Science Student Assoc. (EMSSA). 

What a Racquet . 
Come join the Racquetball Club Monday 

even ings from 8-11 pm a t the Canyonview 
Courts . For more information con tact Abram 
at 457-5059. 

Passover at UCSD 
The Union of Jewish Students is having a 

Passover Seder Wednesday, April 23 at 8 pm in 
the Revelle Cafeteria. $2 with UCSD meal card 
and $7 without meal card. Tickets must be 
purchased at UCSD Box Office by April 18. For 
more info call 583-6080. 

Why "Stop MaIling Sense" 
illle! l)Llt .\r')rJ! II ~lt t( 1'111 

III t It l' L' ( ~ ~ J) \ L 1111 l J \ 111 
~!\',ll;l CI1l'\(. J)(//"IliliJll)" LIlt(' 

, 

Scc tht: film. dancc tn the ll1u..,ic ,1Ild hclp 
..,tPp multiple ..,clrrn..,i.., 

1 Ii. :-':l'h ('11 ..... ,tll· 11(1\\ ell rl:l' 1),1"\" 1111,. t' 
(, j I, if ..... ri.llll,J1!-., (,~ (;,\ \.\::: ,l[ till' lll)1 'I 

.... ~',' 1'1:-' ~(\ ":I't :' \j ,'". 

Help the Third World 
Would you like to learn more about Third World 

countries and become active in helping their 
progress and development? The U CSD Overseas 
Development Network (ODN) chapter "SEED" is 
dedicated to educating people about Third World 
issues and towards personally involving students in 
the challenge of the development process of these 
countries. To find out more about SEED, and what 
projects we're planning now, come to our next 
meeting. We meet every Monday at 5 pm in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. join us. 
Attn: Korean Club Members 

Very important general meeting on Wednesday, 
April 9 at 6:30 in HSS 1106. We will be electing new 
officers for next year. Please be there! 

Attn: Student Orgs. &: Departluents 
AS Posting Service Policy on flyer size for kiosks 
1) Flyers 8 x 11 or smaller have fi rst priority, those larger 
than 8 x 11 will be posted only if space is available. 
.2) If a kiosk is full , flyers will be posted in the order they 
were received with flyers over 8 x 11 having last priority. 
3) Flyers larger than 8 x 11 may be removed so that 8 x 
11 flyers may be posted. 
4) No flyers will be posted that advenise off-campus 
businesses, if room is available, flyers may be posted 
which advertise student oriented events i.e. a play or 
concert. 
5) The service does not screen flyers, the service is 
simply to provide an organized method for students to 
advertise on-campus events. 

A complete policy guide is on fi le at the A.s. office. 

Career Opportunity 
SWE proudly presents "An Evening With 

Industry." Hewlett Packard, Gould , Cubic, Teledyne 
Ryan, Titan Systems Inc., Hydro Products, Arco 
Solar, Hughes, US Navy, Lorral, IVAC, TRW, and 
Burroughs. Enjoy a delicious buffet dinner at the La 
jolla Marriott while meeting informally with 
company recruiters Thursday, April 10 at 6 pm. 
Don't miss this unique opportunity. Sign up now at 
the Engineering office ·on the second floor of the 
Student Center, across from the AS office. If you have 
any questions call Sara at 450-9489. 

West Bank lecture 
The Department of Political Science presents Dr. 

Dan Schue ftan, Truman Institute, Hebrew University 
jerusalem, "Are There Still Alternatives for the West 
Bank?" Wednesday, April 8 from 12 to 2 in 412 WC 
Conference Room. 

RISCy Business 
To all who want to run for RISC offices the due 

date for letters of intent has been moved to April 
30. The Radically Inclined Ski Club will be 
moving its office to the Student Center, upstairs 
next to the computer co-op. MagicMoun~in Trip 
will be on Saturday, April 19. Tix for trip are at box 
office. Members $25, Non-members $27.50, 
transportation included. Info: RISC office hours 
M-Th 10-2 Canyonview x4037. 

Why do an internship? 
Find out this Wednesday, April 9, at 7 pm in 

the Revelle Informal Lounge! The AS Internship 
Office will give you all the information you need 
to know about applying for an internship that will 
be educational and satisfying. For more 
information call ASIa at 452-4689. Reminder: 
Deadline for Summer internships in San Diego is 
April 25, for fall internships, May 16. 

Women's Conference 
Delegation sponsored by the Associated 

Students' External Affairs/Lobby Annex to be 
sent to UC Davis April 18-20. For more info, 
leave name and phone # for Eric Weiss at 
x4450, ASAP! 

Raise funds now 
Doese your dorm or organization need 

finances for an end of the year trip or function? 
Have you looked into SOURCE? SOURCE is a 
three day weekend (April 18, 19 &: 20) during 
which your organization can participate in 
various jobs in return for a donation to both 
SOURCE and your organization. If you or your 
organization is interested please contact Cathy 
Chow (452-4450) or Katherine Bamhisel (453-
8355). 

Have you heard the latest? 
Come to the Diabetic Suppott Group 

meeting on Friday, Aprilll at 1 pm on the 2nd 
floor of Student Health Services. Find out what 
Dottie Deans, R.N. and member ofUCSD's SHS 
staff, learned at a recent American Diabetic 
Association Seminar. 

Attention Chemisny Majors: 
The first American Chemical Society Meeting 

is Wednesday, April 9 at 5 pm in Urey 2000. Our 
speaker will be Dr. Tom Schleich from UC Santa 
Cruz and he will be speaking on "Novel uses of 
NMR in Biochemistry." Free refreshments will be 
provided and everyone is welcome. See you 
there! 

Scoffing at Creationism 
Rationalists at UCSD present Frederick Edwards, 

prominent author on anti -creationism, who will give 
an infonnal discussion concerning the problem of 
widespread scientific illiteracy. Monday, April 7, 
1986 in P&'L 1110 at 7 :30. For more info calljames at 
453-9831. 

An inflatable King Kong? 
Ann Wawer, the entrepreneur who founded 

Robert Keith &. Co., will speak about "Starting out 
young in business" at 11 am Thursday in the North 
Conference Room. Her company makes huge 
inflatable advertising, like 50-foot Coke cans and the 
(in)famous King Kong. Sponsored by the 
Association for Collegiate Entrepreneurs. 



Nowak 
notches 
no-hitter 
Freshman records 
first in U C history 
By GUSTAVO SANTOYO 

NOlAN RYAN HAS five of them. Sandy Koufax has four And now UCSD's 
Rick Nowak has one. 

Nowak has permanently 
placed his name in the UCSD 
record books by pitching the 
first no-hitter in the school's 
history over Claremont-Mudd in 
the second game of a 
doubleheader. UCSD won the 
game 8-l. 

It may be a bit premature 
putting Nowak in the same 
sentence as flame throwers like 
Ryan and Koufax, but Nowak's 
performance on Saturday was all 
major league, striking OUt seven 
and walking three. 

Nowak did not expect this 
kind of outing after warm-ups, 
but after the first couple of 
innings, he knew he was on. 
"After I got the first rwelve guys 
out, I knew I had good stuff. I 
felt really good out there ." 

UCSD head coach Lyle Yates 
also knew early on in the game 
that Nowak was in for a good 
day on the mound . 

"I could see by the second 
inning that he had a tremendous 
opportunity of shutting down 
Claremont. His slider was 
magnificent, his change was 
good , and he had some good 
\!Clocity on the ball. He was 
overpowering." 

Huskies 
upset in 
classic 
Penn men victorious; 
Badgers top~men 
By MATI lAIT, Senior Staff Writer 

T HE MEMBERS of the crew 'team are no ordinary people , and it takes an event 
like the Crew Classic to prove it 
to those of us who think that 
rowing is done only by pseudo-
intellectual preppies. 

Who else but the crew team 
would deal with the miserable 

13 cold weather which plagued the 
.~ Regatta all Saturday? These are 
~ people who have total disregard 
ci! for sleep. They practice as early 
£ as 5:30 in the morning when 
~~~r;§.iiil ~ most normal hearts aren't even 
t.'! ... pumping yet. These are the types 

Rick Nowak and his no-hit delivery. of people who forego sP.ring 

as soon as I sawall the guys 
running at me with these crazy 
faces, I realized what happened." 

The power supplied by the 
hean of the lineup was another 
cause for celebration. Rightfielder 
Dan DiMascio had a towering 
home run as well as rwo doubles, 
knocking in four RBis. Catcher 
Bob Natal went six for seven for 
the day, and leads the team with 
a .366 baning average . 

Nowak, a 19-year-old 
freshman from Pasadena had 
been cut from the UCI team, and 
therefore decided to transfer to 
UCSD and try his luck on the 
Triton squad . It was a good move 
for both Nowak and the UCSD 
baseball program. Nowak leads 
the team with 43 strikeouts and 
an ERA of 3.13. 

Although Nowak's future looks 
bright, the same cannot be said 
for UCSD playoff hopes. "We 
need to win at least the rest of 
our games in Division \1l or, at 
the very worst, lose on," said 
Yates. "We really need to get 
down to business and try to get 
over .500 ball." 

owak's no-hitter relieved 
some of the pain UCSD suffered 
in the first game when they blew 
a 4-3 lead. A tinng Mark Sloan 
gave up rwo runs in the last of 

break so they can have mtense 
workouts during "Hell Week" 
instead of going to Palm Springs 
or Mazatlan like most healthy 
young adults. They laugh at 
sleep, vacation and cold (not to 
mention little campus support) 
because for them, "it's a way of 
life , not a spon," assistant coach 
Lynn lyman said. 

To this reporter, however, who 
enjoys his sleep and warmth, the 
beginning of the Regatta was 
traumatic. 1 was freezing, tired 
and a little annoyed with all the 
strokeoffs around who seemed to 
be enjoying themselves. It was 
not until I saw the press tent, 
which was stocked full of 
lowenbrau beer (the Regatta's 
sponsor), that I knew the Grew 
Classic was a great event. 

More than 50 men's and 
women's teams from colleges, 
universities and clubs throughout 
the United States and Canada, 
and Europe competed in the 
13th annual San Diego 
Lowenbrau Crew Classic. 

UCSD, who was entered in 11 
events, did not win any of them 
but did manage to make 
competitive showings, 
considering the competition. 

As is the case WIth any no-
hitter, defense plays a crucial 
pan and a few times Nowak saw 
his no-hitter slip away, but key 
plays by the infield helped keep 
Claremont away from the hit 
column. Second baseman Dave 
Stanovich and shonstop Don 
Peterson made impressive plays 
off sharp grounders, but the play 
that had cardiac arrest written all 
over it was the very last out of 
the game. Petersen could not get 
to a slow chopper toward the 
hole, so third-baseman Derek 
A1konis lunged , stabbed the ball, 
spun around and th rew the 
runner out. Then the 
pandemOnium began. 

"After the laSt OUt, 11 didn't h1l 
me right away," said Nowak. "but 

the seventh and Claremont came 
from behind to beat UCSD 5-4 ~ 

The weather conditions, 
according to an official 
spokesman from the Classic, 
were "not 1deal. The wind 
created some rough water. Also, 

Please tum to page 17 

Weekly Sports Calendar 

Mon . May 7 away 7am 
rue . May 8 M. Baseball v . La Verne UCSD 2:'30 p 

W. SoftbaU.'Vs. USD USD 4 pm 
Wed. May 9 W. Tennis VS. USD UCSD 3 pm 
Thu. May 10 M. Baseball vs. PI. Lorna UCSD 2:30 P 
Fri. May 11 M. Tennis vs. USD USD 3 pm 

W. Tennis VS. Pomona-Pi-u.er UCSD 2 pm 
Golr vs. S.D. Golf Acade T. Pines 1 pm 

Sat. May 12 M. Baseball VS. Whittier UCSD 7 am 
M. &: W . Crew vs. Santa away 7 am 
W . Softball vs. Whittier UCSD 11 am 
M. &: W . Track-UC Riverside Invt'l UCR 10 am 

Sun . May 13 M. &: W . Crew-Santa Clara lnvt'l away 7 am 

THERE'S STILL 
• 

TIME TO MAKE 
RESERVATIONS 
ON AIR JORDAN. 
BUT NOT MUCH. 

Air Jordan, ESPN, and the Sports Chalet are 
sponsoring the first annual Guardian 
Sportswriters Contest. We're giving away a pair 
of Air Jordans, a satin ESPN spons jacket and a 
simulated leather basketball to those of you 
brave enough to ... 

1) Record your most memorable sponing 
experience, anything from backyard 
whiffle-ball to the Super Bowl in a 750 to 1500 
word essay. 
2) Entries will be judged on their creativity, 
originality and writing style . 
3) Entries must be typed and double-spaced. 
4) Only students, staff and faculty of UC5D 
are eligible. 
5) The deadline is April 18, 

Winners will be announced May 1. So before 
you get buried this quaner, get on the ball and fill 
these shoes, Turn in your entries with your 
name, phone number and UC status at the 
Guardian, next to the Che Cafe. 

Entries can be dropped in a ny intracarnpus rna ildrop. 
Address aU entries to UCSD Guardian , B-016. 

Crew 
Continued from page 16 
with the wind, the lane-marking 
buoys are closer to the water, 
making it harder to navigate the 
course. This caused a lot of 
protests because boats drift into 
other lanes." 

"It was difficult to guide the 
boat because of the distance 
between the markers" said men's 
heavyWeight coxswai~ Peter 
Morris, "we clipped a buoy (in 
the first heat) which caused us 
to lose about five seconds." 
Despite the loss of time, the men 
heavyweights along with the 
women were able to qualify for 
the Cal Cup. 

In the men's Cal Cup final, th e 
Tritons "trashed our game plan 
and went for it," said Morris. "It 
was wonhwhile to do something 
unorthodox," said heavyweight 
Raoul Wenz. ·We increased our 
stroke rate by about four or five 
strokes." Even though the men 
finished fourth, Wertz said , "We 
maxxed out. That's what makes 
it so satisfying. We hit the 
ceiling. I'm pleased we beat 
SDSU and 1 look forward to next 
week's meet with Davis." 

Most of the men's field was 
surprised by the speed of the 
winning USD team who 
historicaDy has not been that 
fast. 

The women's Cal Cup final 
was a bit of a disappointment for 
the Triton team, who were 

favored to win and, until this 
Regatta, were undefeated . 

"Although we were a faVO rite ," 
said assistant coach Lynn 
Lyman. "it figcred to be a close 
race. One problem we had was 
that we lost a fin on a sandbar 
which caused us to lose time ." 

The women came in third 
behind USD and UCSB (a team 
they beat earlier this season), but 
lyman was not too concerned. 
She said, "Many coaches PUt a ' 
lot of weight on this Regatta 
because it is the first major event 
of the season and everybody 
wants to look good now. I'm 
bringing them along slowly. 
Where other coaches have their 
teams peak here , we would 
rather peak in May for the 

Please tum to page 18 

Monday, April 7, 1986 17 
SPORn 

Orange COOS! College celebrate their viClory in !he Open Novice B. 

~~q!l;,s~!~ & The home of the 39¢ hamburger 
German &. Swedi.h Car Speclaliat 

All work fully guaranteed. Factory- Trained Specialist 
Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

r.!\4630 Mission Bay Drive (619) 275 .. 1132 - . (1-5 to Balboa Exit) San Diego, CA. 92109 _OIL 
* We use and recommend Kendalfj) LNlwicants to our c.uto .. ers * 

---------------------------------
10% OFF . "(Except Motor & Transmission Overhaul) 
O All R . * With This Coupon n epalrs (Nol valid with allY a/lin CONPOII' 

.V ... • ... ••• .......... ·JEXpires 6/ 1/ 86 ._-

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~--------------------~ ~ ---ALL AME~ICAN-MEAL --- ~ Quarter Pounder. wuh Cheese or Big Ml!,c •• II Large Fry, Medium Size Soft Drink c...sh . .... I 10011 «n. II 
II " II 
II Limit one coupon per Just $1 99 I customer, per visit. Please - • I II prese nt coupon when (plus rax) II 
II ordering. Not valid with any II h rr Only a t : II ot er oller. II 7140 Miramar Rd. 

~ Good thru an Diego ~ May7,1986 ____ iii_ 
I TOYOTA ,. "O"'VlI.KS~~~ 

Minor Tune-Up ~ Brake Job 
Spacial S45 
F,. II' ,.. (regularly sao.OO) 
Brake job irdudes. 
1 Install special .- pa$ or 

Install rear brake shoes 
2 Drain old brake lIuid 
3 Inspecl complete hy(hulic system 
4 Refill hymuhc lluid 
5 Bleed entire brake syslem 
6. Adjusl front (if drums) and rear shoes 
7. Replace Irani rotor seals 

(wilh rotor tllTl) 
8. Road tlSt 
Note: Hycbulic ~s a'e not included 

ClutcIIJob 
Spacial Sl99 
(regula'ty 5325.00) 
Honda. Toyota. OatSlJ'l (not Z modIts) 
and Volks Iypel , 2 & 3 
We replace 
I Transmission inpyl shall seat (except Hondas) 
2. Pressu-e plale 
3 Clutch disc 
• Throw out bearllll,j 
5 1'1101 bearIngs 
6 New lransmisslon orl 
7 Road lest 
Note Hylhulic ~s are nol covered 

Spacial S35 (reg. $60.00) ~ 
011' tlllt-up includes a 101 more INn others. 
It inctudes: 
1. ~ plugs 
2 Distributor pOlnls 

3~ 
4 Adlust IImilll,j 
5 Adjust dwell angle 
6 Check & replenish all 

lluid & oil levels 
7. Check brakes 

011' !IIIjor ~ includes 
1. Coi' .... ic." _ 
2. VIIw ... tm.tt 

~: 
3. VIIw __ fllSke! . 
4. Sp.tc plugs. 
5. Dislributof points. 
6. ConIIIMws, 
7. Air lill., 
e. Oillilter. 
9. Gas I~t. and 

10. Engine oil 
I I AdjIIsI timilll,j 
12 Adjusl dwell angle 
13. Adlusl carWetor 
14 Adjusl air & luel 

lal.o ITlIxture 

8 Chedl clutch 
9 Check lighls 

10 Chedl under-
camage lor damages 

11. Chedl coolilll,j 
system & hoses 

12. Road tesl 

15. Check & adjust 
DpOSed belts 

16. bAlI fTont and 
17. Check & ItpIenish all 

Huid & oil levels 
18. Check brakes 
19. Check ctutch 
20. Check 19Its 
21 . Check underca'Tlage 

lor damages 
22. Check & recharge 

battery .1 necess¥f 
23 Check I"e p'ess\I'e 
24 Lube dOOf hUlQes 
25 Check COOIIIll,j syslem 

& hoses 
26 Road lesl 

Note: 1 lor 6-cyhnde- Call; and Rabbits. Das/lef5 
Sciroccos, & Fials. add $20 Toyota Supras add $30 
Dalsun 200SX Wllh 8 spane plugs add $35 2 MiliOI 
tlllt-ups lor VW (Except vans & squ¥ebacks lalff than 
1972). Beetles. 1972 and lal. sao and pnor 10 '12 
170 3. lor VW Things and Karmann Ghias -only $60 

AI .. worIl .... 2·,... __ ............ .,..., 
longiil _ty 111 tOMl-..plIlN-\4JI. which '- I 6-monIIt PIIIt • . AjIpoIntm.lls made MIlI,j !he 

vlhdity 01 .. ads will still iii gaod 1ft.... WI CIII give you IIICIIIInt references from our satisfied custOllWS 
PI.- call lot IurtIw inlOIffIIIian I ........ " •• Is. l1iis!plCill is good only lew !lie em ll*llioned allow. 

AI ,.-.1IIC101l1 ......... • .......... _ 4:00 .. 

ovmrse.Q~S afar good through rVl ~ April 21. 1986 
AuIDmollva Replln Hou~=:fr:v cr:~~~ pm 

• • • • • .. .. .. n Closed ~nday 
.. _ ..... _ ..... _ .. II1II_ .... _ ..... _ ... _.liliiii_ ..... 8008 Miramar Rd. "8" 69~1990 

Call for appointment noN . 

• 



.. 

• 

. -

... 

18 Monday, April 7, 1986 
SPORTS 

CAR 
RENTALS 

from $5 a day 

~ 
• Free delivery 
• Free mileage rates available 
• Low monthly & weekly rates 
RELIABLE WHEELS WEST 

450-1666 

TRY SOMETHING NEW! 
and .ometJ.illll Ilood lor you too. 

There are many reasons why it is good 
to eat vegetarian at least sometimes. 

Well - cut down on cholesterol fats found in meat, 
increase regularity, cut down on waste by eating 
lower on the food chain, AND get more ooriety 

of vitamins & minerals. 
All You Can Eat -

Tostados served with Spanish Rice 
Wed., April 9 5-7 pm $3.50 

The great beers of the w,)rld go by one name: Liiwenbrau. Brewed in Munich, 
in England, Sweden, Canada, Japan and here in America for a distinctive world class taste. 

C 1985 M~ler Brewing Co Milwaukee. WI 

• 

.. 

Golfers tee 
off on Pt. 
Lorna 
By DAVE TEDROW. Staff Writer 

T HE UCSD MEN'S golf team defeated Point Lorna Wednesday in their first 
match of the quarter. Pat 
Weishan and JOOSt Steenkamer 
were co-medalists, both shooting 
75s on the difficult par 73 
Cottonwood Country Club. The 
course has a normally dry, grassy 
riverbed running through the 
entire course; but this day, the 
dam up-river was opened, 
creating a gushing river for the 
players to contend with. This 
made the course even more 
difficult; but, fortunately, Point 
Loma put more baDs into the 
drink than UCSD_ Kevin "Buddy" 
Lea shot a 78, captain Mike 
O'Laughlin a 79, and Brad 
Sterling and Fritz Reber shot an 
80 and 81 , respectively. This was 
good enough to give the Tritons 
a 23-stroke victory. 

Today the team plays in the 
very important 36-hole UC Irvine 
Invitational Toumament at the 
Big Canyon Country Club in 
Newpon Beach. It is important 
not only because it is being 
played on one of the " vtl}' best 
laid out courses in California: 
according to coach Mike Wydra, 
but also because defending 
Division m champion Cal State 
Stanislaus has just recently 
altered their schedule in order to 
play in it. This will be the only 
time the Tritons will face the 
National Champions this year 
before the National Tournament 
"We're hoping we can play weD .. 
and give them a little scare 
before we go to Nationals," said 
Wydra. 

There has been a 
championship toumament at the 
Division 1II level for 11 years, 
and Cal State Stanislaus has won 
eight of them. How does this 
school get the top players year in 
and year out? Is Turlock, located 
in California's Nonh Central 
Valley, just a really neat place to 
go to school, or is good golf just 
indigenous to this area? Although 
the school is not allowed to give 
scholarships to its players, they 
do manage to get their players 
any financial aid necessary. thus 
allowing them to go to school for 
free . 

Thus, UCSD will do banle 
today against the Goliaths from 
Stanislaus. as wt!ll as other 
scholarship schools such as 
UCLA and UCI. ~ 

Classic 
Continued from page 1 7 
Westem Sprint Championships. 
We are going to be contenders." 

Lyman sees the program as 
building. She hopes to raise 
money so that the team can 
compete in the Nationals. 

In the events in which UCSD 
competed, they took fifth in the 
men's open lightweight and 
women's open novice, fou rth in 
the women's collegiate 
lightweight and men's Cal Cup, 
and third in the women's Cal 
Cup. 

In the grand final of the 
Whinier and Copley Cups, 
several upsets occured. The 
Washington teams. who have 
dominated the classic the past 
several years. were defeated 
handily. The Wisconsi n women 
won the Whittier Cup and Penn 
Slate , Cal and Navy all fini hed 
ahead of Washington's men learn 
for the Copley Cup who have 
won seven of the 12 regattas. ~ 

Classlned adv .. n lslng space Is sold In 
lDO-charact .. r Incr .. m ..... ts . Each lett ..... 
punctuatio" mark and spac .. IIrtwrrn 
words Is coosldrt'ed a charact .. r. with 
capit a l Irtt.... counting as two 
char act ..... . The rat .. p .... 100 characters 
Is II lor students. I] tor I .... 1ty ...... 
""II'. and $4 tor othrt's. P">""",,, In 
ildYar1ce Is required; thrt'etore. _ 
must be m .. ,ed with .. check IrrYCIe out 
to The UCSD Guardlar1, or presented In 
prt'son. Oe<ldlln ... are 4 pm Tuesd;Iy 
tor Thund..ys porper. 4 pm Frldily tor 
Monday 's p .. p .. r . The Gu .. rdl .. n 
r ... "",... tM right to retUse ""y 
iIdY ....... ,ng Including but not limited 
to comp,,"lonshlp .. nd m","'fIe ;ods . 
For more ' ntorm""on "'" 452-3466. 
Thr Guardlar1. UCSO. 8 · 016. La .lull ... 
rA O'nGl 

Announcements 
A YN RN'JD readers and StuClents 01 
OI>jeorvosm meetIng SUIld¥ II am - 2 
pm. Home SolVIng< of Amer,ca. 4311 La 
Jolla Village DrIVe. University Towne 
Centre. 16/5/ 

Edrn 1500-12200 mo. prt-tm. 15000-
110.000 flHm. Make your own hrsl Call 
nowl Enc at 481-4535. 16/5) 
Cavalry Chapef Worshrp 9 ' 30 am Kla 
6:30 prIl8111 New Salem 51 -Northwest 
corner Mira Mesa Mall. 453-7397. 14/10/ 

KB Books w,1I be stockIng used tl!J<tlJOOlcs 
for most dasses Sprrng Otr. Will be open 
startIng March 29. We have lOwer proces. 
shorter lines. frrendller seNrce. 14/10 / 

.Jrs. Srs. Grads. Apply tor VlSa/Mastercara 
+ other cards Kld recerve free 91ft . apply 
ths week from '1-5 ,n front of Bookstore. 
NoJODreq- HIgh acceptdfl(e rates. 14/31) 
Why "Stop MakIng Sense7" Why a """",,7 
Why do the mUSICians (orne out 
gradually7 IIIIh.!t WIll the band do next] 
\XiI,ere do the odd movements come 
from] Why a big SUIt] fond out <he 
answers to these questions and mote 
wlen ZBT pres""ts the Talk,ng Heads r,Im 
"Stop MakIng Sense" with SpeCIal guests 
Borr acho y Loco In the rnarr, gym an AprIl 
II TICkets on sale now at the bo. office. A 
once In a lifetime ev""tl (4/10) 
There are stili tICkets a'V3I'lable (0 warren's 
Padre TaIlgate/Home Opener ths Frrday. 
TiCkets only sa COIl\act the Dean s Of 
ResIdent Dean's offICe lor more Info. 14/7/ 

Be a part of the bes~ .JoIn Delta SIgma 1'111. 
Come Dy the booth on the Revelle Plaza 
thrs weeki (4/71 
G uess the secret's out. PI KAPl'A PHI IS 
rushl1g thiS quarterllt ooesn'( tdke much 
to find a fraternrtyat UCSD. DutOUAUTY 
IS worth looking Iorl 14/7) 
MARTHA OUINN WEARS A DELTA SIG 
SWEATSHIRT. SHOULDN'T YOU 7 14/7/ 
Remrnder Warren Commuter Board 
meets every Monday dt I pm In the 
Provost Cor,ter",,,e room. 14/10/ 

Summer 

S.U 0 S - Students thled ttTuugl' 
Drv'" SIll' fOl Str""gth - IS runnlllg for AS 
oIIic", . Vote S.u.D.S- on AplrI 8 & 'III 
S-U.D S. IS tire slate for' ..-.s that WIll work 
fo, stude"t rrg-rts and derna"ds. S.U.o.S. 
IS: Gregory Wllpert - Presrdenl CarlOta 
Ponds - V.P. 1Idr .. ,lIstr ..... e. YOf tg 'I'lm -
V.I'. EJtt ernai. Pam West - V.I'. r'lldllOal. 
14/7/ 
A([ t:n l,on-Scudenrs lOOk ing 'or 
experrence Learn how nrernshrps can 
benefit you a t ASKYs Internshp Olfo nile 
- Wed .. AprIl 9. 7 prIl& Revelle Informal 
Lounge Don't nlSS 14/7) 
W ... ren wmm.Jters and resIdents. Come 
to Edfl Warren's pa'ty Tues. AprIl B. 4:30-
6:30& the WarrenApts. Hamburgers and 
hot dogS (25. MuSIC. Earl WIll De there In 
personIll14/71 

CA.S.T. your vote --C.AS.T. We',e not 
I/)'Irl9 to buy your vote. we're try.19 to 
w ,n IU---C.A.S-T.-C.A.S.T.---<:orlll 
ror Pr"'.----C.AST. your vcte-----
CAS-T. 14/7/ 

UK Stu.." ~untoes: You car, sllil 
dPply to attend a lJ( UrwerSlty sesSIOn 
Thursday. AprIl 10. 12-1:30 at: the 
InternatIOnal Center. The s"""'" features 
julian SImmonds of SttJ<t,I lnternatronai 
UK. a prIVate OI9""lZatJan that places US 
students In UK ull(llerslloes. Sponorsed by 
q,portUrllt les Abfoad Office. (4/10/ 
Instead 01' votIng for' a Iullowt!r 0 1 the 
crowd. vote for an expenenced 
candIda t e. Vo t e BI ll Eggers. 
C()(l'I(IlISsioner of CQIlmUf1icattons. (4/7/ 
RONi'ILD REIIGIW Wa<n-t a 1'1 ~. but 
CherI agatn netht!r was Mr. Pbtalo-Head. 
Don' tjust read about "_ my hlStoI)I -
Be fratert'1lly hIStory. PI IUlf'l'A PHI. 14/ 7/ 
Defta SrgmiI I'IlI: TladlOOr~ t>'otherhoOd. 
I!J<Cltemerll. enthuSlam. Be sometlllng 
speeral. join OS/' for' a stronger Detter 
fu ture 1417) 

Personals 
REVELlE STUDENTS. Re-efect .lennI .... 
Schetber and Matt Engler. Stefan Loren. 
Mitch Shultz for Revelle College Counal 
on Aprrl 8 & 9. 14/7/ 

To Retd- <he one wllO attet lded the P J . 
party. IlSed to frequent. H.L. e .. !P)IS 
s tar'ng rontests- (~ drclrl t woI'k l,. and 
pires woncIer~lly-the passIng hellOs are 
rlIce ". OUt .. (Qfl\Ier"""'" 1$ IS Ofderl -
G · 14/7/ 
Rewiutron.Y)' new. safe. sClentrfically 
<IOCU ment.ed weqc loss pI.ln. Deveklped 
and endorsed IJy some o f tile workfs 
most respected medical expert>. For more 
Olformation. call Oavtd 541>-0232. 14/14/ 
HEY Sf( THN'JKS FOR THE EXOUISI TE 
EVENING THURSG'lY NIGHT - Ne.t 
Ime we II fire up the jawlll. From the 
gerniem"" o f Sl9'I1d No. 14/7/ 
If you acCldentl)i ptcked up a f'tyStcs 20 
final # 755. "'Y goade. my~~.dependson 
It. cau Torn 455-5339. 14/7/ 

Fall Spring 

WASHINGTON 
OR LONDON 

INTERNSHIPS 
OXFORD 

Full Academic Years In 
• Oxford University 

SUMMER 
1988 

• London School of Economics 
• St. Andrews, Scotland 

U.s. credits wtll be transferred through Hampden-S)'dneyCoIIege. 
founded In Virginia by James Maclaon In 1na Graduate wortt lsan option. 
The DIrector of Studies for the Center for Quality Education Abroed (In 

Britain) Is the Rt. Hon. The Lord BeIoff, D.Lm. (Oxon.). Fellow 
of the Btttiah Academy, Professor Emeritus of Government and Fellow of 

All Souls. Oxforcl 
INQUIRIESTO:JANETKOLLEK,J_D., Adrni8tllonsDlrector 

COEA/WlSC, Rm 53, 158 W. 81 St, NY,NY. 1002 ... 
(212-724-0804/724-0138). 

(EO/AA) 

AfRAID YOU LL GET LOS r IN rHE 
SHUffLE I B N'J INDIVIDUAL PI KlV'f'A 
PHI - THE INTELLIGENT CHOICE. 14/7, 

Thl$ IS the chalice fO/ UCSD students to 
de<:lde to have a SUO/lg and e ffecweA.S. 
CounCIl. Vote for S.U.D.S The ,late that 
WIU work for student nghts . .. greater 
diversity of AS. prDg'ammll'tg and gle .. ter 
commul1lcatlon between students and 
AS. COUnCIl Vote S.u.D.s. AprIl 8 & 9. 
14/7/ 

RESIDENTS Of UCSO - TJ(ed of OOflllg 
wee!<ends & nothng to do on-campus] 
The Inter-College ReSIdence Hdll 
AssocIatIOn wants to Change that. So 
rome get "",lved with campuS-WIde 
progo dmmlng & helPIng Improve 00-
campus life at UCSD. f"S[ organIZatIOnal 
ITWIlng Mon. 4- 7 at: 4 pm In N. Conf. RilL 
14/7/ 

ro THE LOVElY LADIES or SIGMA 
KlV'f'A thank-you tor a wonderful 
evenIng Thursday flight . from the 
bfotherS 01 SIgma Nu. 14/7/ 

FRAT 100 INTRODUCTION TO 
FRATERNITY UrE.14/Groupdlscu,sronof 
Kld 'nteractlOn WItt, memDers of PI 
KlV'f'A PHI traternrty. TopICS to De 
drscussed Include partIes at UCSD. 
acacJemrc e"ellenee. leadershp SkIlls dI,d 
rrrendshrp. PrerequISItes . Must have 
e.perrence w,th trrendllness Kld a strong 
des"e lor good times. 14/7/ 

Roses are red. VIOlets are blue. please 
don't goddrJate Crrstie becaJse III ,eally 
mrss youl Twang. 14/7/ 

Meet the TKE r II SISters. wea. 5 pm PH 
103. CaU TKE hotllne for party 'nfo 457-
2279. VISIt us '?" Plaza. 14/7) 
To <he 91'1 In <he ro""erCble SUbaru who 
was IoIro-d SUn. rvgtx trom 1-15 rn 
RIVerside to I-80S rn LJ. Sorry about t/lat. 
but K seemed lIke the tt-ong to do at the 
time. Was K good for you 7 The 2 guys In 
<he Ply. Horizon. 14/7/ 

Dan V - Congrats on a terrr~c Rush 
pi01}ll I'm gtad we had the Chance to 
meetl C. 14/7/ 

AttentIOn Greeks. SIgn up lor the "t 
Annual PhI Delt Coed Volleyball 

Tournamen~ Refreshments WIll be served. 
Stgn up at the Ph, Delt booth for a 
weetcend of fun Kld sun Apr" 19th ana 
20th. Deadlrne Apr. '0. 14/7/ 

WHY FOLLOW TRADITION77 RUSH PI 
IUlf'l'A PHI N'JD HELP US CREATE 
TRJ\DtTION. DETAILS AT BOOTH ON 
PlNA· 14/7/ 

Hi Joe surprisel I ITIIssedyou lJust warned 
to say I love yal Hope th' quarter's goeat 
for both o f us - WKS 14/7/ 

Wanlto get InvolVed spr,ng quarter I Pre-
Law IS plKlrllng ,ts sprIng schedole thrs 
Wed. at 4 II' o ffice #4 ,n StuClent Center. 
New rno!nlDerS encouraged. 14/7/ 

RuSh TKE L'"sISters. Be apart of alTadluon 
of fun and exCItement I TKE TKE TKE TKE 
TKE L'II SIst ers. (4/7/ 
Interested In Law7 PLEI\ UCSD s Pre-Law 
Educatton AssocI .. lOn IS meetIng Wed. at 
4 pm In the Student Center abuVe the 
game room. 14/7/ 

Crickets and dcadas SIng a rate ana 
dfferent tunel I have two lawn tICkets for 
the Gratefu l Dead In IMne this weekencf. 
one lor each show. Call DAve C. at 455-
0447· 14/7/ 

COfI1eJOH1lhePl'e-LawClubofUCSD Our 
first meetrng of sprIng quarter IS Wed. 
AplII 9 a t 4 m aDove the game room ,11 the 
stuClent center. (4/7/ 
Vote for AlL Medra funclrng based an 
readershp. Vote Bdl Eggers Comm. of 
CommuncatlOns.14/7) 
Warren wmmuters are goIng to Rosarltd 
Beach Sat. Apr. 26. C(lSt only 15. Stgn-up 
now in the Deatl's Office. 14/10/ 

Sl:Nn college cashl Secrets 4 successl 
Rush SASE to Yes. 1840 Coast Blvd.. Def 
Mar. CA. 92014. (6/4/ 
Tu the 1-5 woman: I love your car - don' t 
you st,1I owe me dlnner7 D. tile T-""n 
14/7/ 

M CCAMBRIDGE . EXPER IENCED . 
VISIBLE. COMMITTED. AS PRESIDENTI 
VOTEI JlPRIL a. 9. 14/7/ 

.JoIn the TKE III sIs ters on Revelle Plaza for 
MS Teeter-Totterathon. Get TKE rushOlto 
and poYty dw. 14/71 
DON'T WIWT TO BE A rRATERNI TY 
CLONE] THINK RUSH IS DUMB N'JD 1\ 
WASTE or TIME I GRfJI TI STOP BY OUR 
BOOTH AT REVELLE PlNA. PI KtlPPI\ 
PHI. 14/7/ 

The Dekd Slgs would kke to wlte 
~ne to our open patty COlTIIllg up 
thIS rrrday. Stop by our booth later ths 
wee!< for direa,ons. 14/7/ 
.Jorn the Wdrrer' Icommuter) IlreakfdSt 
Club-Every Wed. 7.30 - 8 .45 rn the 
P1 uvost ConI' 100r'll Ollly 54 ~O for tile 
Spring qUdrter. Memberships are 
aV'd.kU>le "' the Warren Dean s office. 
14/10) 
SACRAMlNTOI Yes We would LOV~ to 
",'angearl "'terllshp for you In the t,,'b u r 
Calrlorlla pohl rtl A acJemlC itll<!<nShrp 
plog ,w" 406 we 14/10/ 

Services 
Word procesSlng/tasl accurate. relIable 
campus pockup/delrvery. Cheryl-Mesa 
Apts. 457-21B8 eves ~I 9. 14/14/ 
Typrng./Word Processmg. Tues -rrr. 10-6. 
Sat. by ~polntment '1-1 Gall. ralrdem 
Enterpn,es. 27'1-4953 14/7/ 

WORD PROCESSING. fast servICe. 
II. 7>/page Cdmpus plCkup/delivery. 
~ Laurence. 222-2345. 16/6) 
La Jolla Academy of AdvertISIng Arts one 
year course KldJOb pldCerllerU assrstance 
In advert6"'tg. marketl,'tg. COpywntH'g. 
desIgn. product,on. publrc relatrons. 
media SaliIL for free catalog call 459-
0201. 14/10) 
Word ProcesSIng. ProfesSIOnal. 7-day wk. 
e.e. EngI,sh skIll" Student rates. 755-
2683 15/1/ 

ProfesSIOnal EdIUng{WOfd Processing of 
these and dlssenacons Dr. Mary Leslie 
479-B343Ieves/14/IO/ 

P1KlO and GUItar lessons. your hotllI' 0' 
mIne 115 per hOUr. Laurre 26& 7818. 
14/10/ 

Word Processrng: Fast. acarrate. typongof 
papers, theses. call U Word ProcesSIng 
Co .. 3262 HolIday C~ 457-0633. 14/14/ 

World class Wora PrOCesSIng. 01 Campus 
ILSO/page. TIOga H-31 Of call 455-9709. 
14/17/ 

Lost. Found 
KITTEN toundan campus. whte longharr 
male about 8 roo. 452-24B7 work. 14/7/ 

Found: An OfgantZ"1On that 1$ goIng 
places. You too can be a part 01 a 
trat:ernlty w'th drrearon. Rush Slg-na Nu 
- See our booth at the Revefle Plaza for 
<Ieta,1> 14/7) 
LoSt: Tenth week of last q..rarter. A gold 
rrng w/"""II diamond. II found please 
return. Sentlmental ·Jalue. Call 549-0638. 
14/7/ 

Calwlater bund on Match 20, 8 am rn 
TlH 104. Call Bertram. Phone: 284-2344 
after 7 pm. 14/10/ 

Lost . 8rown aoss and chain Tues 4/1. If 
found call Mark 481-9987 Of Kat~ 455-
5494. Sentimental value. 14/10/ 

For Sale 
4-SoIIe O 'netll sprIng SUItS. 2 parr lnow 
skIS. NorcJrca NS770 Boots XLT 10'"",,, 
0123 lull XU and No Fat ChuCkS T-Shrrtsl 
Call 452-1572 Sear' or Ol. 14/11) 
No fat ChuCkS. T-Shrrts 4-""el You've 
seem ther/1. you've heard about them 
now you can own onel A" Slles avarlable. 
Call Oz 452-1572. 14/11/ 

GUIT AR-Gtbson SG efearlC W lease. 
Dark reel maroon. Exc. cond. Dafely uSed. 

~:;:;C/b.o. Brad 458-9249· 14/7) 
BIkes : Completely rebUIlt and 
recandtloned Srevrt'aI avatlable. Low 
proces. Reparrs alSO. Van 481-6784. 14/7/ 

El'l Stx-Strrng guitar for sale. Brand new-
has a bone nut and br'dge. BeaJtr ful 
wood. new surngs. 1120 or best otter. 
Awesome deal. Call toditr' 755-6594 
Ie....., message. 14/7/ 

Need bOOks lor Math 102 & 171B. I sejl my 
books lor Econ 12G'\. Math 2A8C-OA 
PhIlosophy '0. 4BI- 3215. Mlo/ 

SUrfboardsl 2 6'2". Zouav thrusters new 
one - lISO, aldone- 1100. Leav,ngoounuy 
SOOI\ must sefl. 14/7/ 

Mustang 1977 metal. blue h&ChbIC. t-
topsl Orrg. owner. am/1m cass SI600 IIrx 
4BI-0467 eves. 14/7/ 

BlC sarlboard WIth car r acJ<. Brar,d new-
never usedl Won H1 rontest. Proce 
negotr able 455- 1875. 14/7/ 
EECS & MATH BOOKS. dlsrou,.. prICes. 
goeat condition. 944-1371 14/7/ 
FO/ sale. Math lOA. Shenk Calculus. 
USI'IOarldAntfllo 22 books. Goodproc"" 
Call 457- 1281. 14/7/ 

Baj<l Bug. 69. 160cc powerful stereo. CB 
Wlrrng. many exu as. B.O . Tom 259-1405. 
14/14 / 

1970 Chevy Step-SIde. 15'7'6~ . 00' (like 
a lJ'S truck I I>-lyinger sUck. 11500 abo. 
483-2151. 14/10/ 

rUnllture for saiel Sofa 155. \Wlrrbed 14 ~ 
2 foldrng bed> 110 ea D"~I19 set w / 4 d""" ISO. MISCeflar.eou" UrllVet'Slty CIty 
Call 457- 1996. 14/7) 
PIYIllOuth Volare 5edall 1977 4dr . 
c..v dlnef/whrte. AC. or'gnal drIVer. wefl 
mdlntdlned • • 1 fAcefletll conditIOn 1950 
Call 587-0612 14/ 101 

Monday, April 7, 1986 19 

Smogl \/\XI parts Kadrorl dual (arbs 190 
obo . 70 .. " cleaner assemb ISO fuel evdP 
GIlliS[ 125. RICh 755-2214. 1411ni 

Help Wanted 
Needed HTlmedrately. Phone pros as wefl 
as oeg.nners lor our new Solana Beach 
office Co""en,ent location. excellent 
working condH.ons piuS fleXible 
schedules ror all students No seilIng. 
IS/hr. gu ... anteed plus dafly & weekly 
bOI,uses. Should averageS&112 hour. Call 
755-8257. 14/10) 
NEED MONEY] Jobs avaIlable wrthln 
walkrng distance from school. fleKlble 
hours 16 tT. avg. 110 posSIble Please call 
ana leiM' message 942-0604. 14/17/ 

COMPUTER GRAPHICS CO. wanlS 
SprIng Intern. T efecon'lmunrcatlOn Of 
""glneer'ng e.perlence WIth bfoadcast 
v,deo SIgnals needed. Apply nowl 
AcademIC InternshIp Program 406 
Warren Campus. 14/7/ 
Entrepreneurral sprrrt] Brand new corp. 
offers multI-level marketIng opporIunrty. 
Products devefoped and endorsed by top 
SClenllsts In USA Endorsed by d 
Wimbledon ChampIOn & Soperlxlwl 
MVP. DaVId. 541>-0232. 14/14/ 

II you have an ",terest In b.Jslness. 
m~rketJng or publIshing. Sou roe 
Ccmrnuntcatloru wants you as ~ Internl 
FO/ more Illfo. contact Kaaren Slen at 755-
7431. Of stop by AS Internshrp Office for 
<Ietarl>. 14/7/ 

Wanted - person to !faIn as 
receptlOnlSt/optlClar1 at optometrrst 
office. 2-3 days/week. 452-0337. 14/17/ 

Research Assooate [0 assIst In 
rese.)(chmg mICrocomputer prOducts, 
conduQlng phone Intervrews Kld edt ung 
teChnICal manuals. Fre",bIe hours at 15.00. 
Contact AE. Lacey at 453-4226. 14/17/ 

Have openIngS for 5 students. Must be 
neat appearing & have car. WI< 2 
nlghts/Wk & Sat. loptlOn of full tIme In 
summerl. 1I2.SO/hr. For H1terv,evv be at 
9404GeneseeAve. 1h.rr. ApI. IO. IOamI2 
noon or 2 om SU'te lOO 1411", 

Wanted 
\Secrets 4 rollege cashl Opportunltyl 
Rush SASE to Gol. 1840 Coast·Blvd .• Del 
Mar. CA. 92014. 16/5/ 

ARE YOU OVERWEIGHT? Wanted: 25 
people to lOSe wergl"l. HerDalite-loo% 
QUa/' Klteed effectlVel 97% keep werght 
off! fDA approved. Inl!J<per1Srve ar,d 
nut(([IOUSi Call nowl Enc at 755- 3976. 
16/5/ 

Gu,tar,st seeks others to form band w'th 
,nftuerlCes of the Jam. Small faces. 
Spec,als. Joe Jackson. All Olterested 
please cal Brett at 452-9837. (4/7/ 
WANTED: Voters for S.U.D.S. Vote AprIl B 
& 9 lor the Students UnIted ttToug, 
DrverSlty lor Strerlgth. You Wli be assured 
a VOIce rn the urllVerSltyi 14/7/ 

Wanted - T)IPI$t for' Spantsh li terature 
paper" Cdil 1\1."9"" 452-IB96. 14/7/ 

Wanted. Io-speed tl ke. Goo<! condIuon. 
lesS than l.m. Call.JoIYl 453-1803. 14/7) 

Housing 
ROOMMATE WANTED: Own room in 
Solana Beach. near racf(racx Laundry. 
pool Kld al l that: slUll. 12SO plus 1/3 u~1. 
Avatlable now ttT~ summer and ne.t 
fall. Marc or Anclrevv 755-8537. 14/10/ 

NORMAL HEIGHTS. Two Males set.'i< 
compauble open person to .hare 2 bed 2 
Dath apartmenl. OUlet responsible 
nonsmol<er only. Park"1Q arld Laundry. 
1265 • 1/3 uUlit"'" 183-9679. Fred or 
Jam. 14/10/ 
SpdcrOUS oedloom. ba th- Rancho 
Bernardo. Pool. -.N. all U"Iot res. 30 III to 
UCSD. 12SO/roo. 487-4261. ·14/7/ 

Roolmldte warl\ed Clarr",T\OIl\ 2Ixt 1V1 
utilities. pool. laundry. poYkrng. call 56'1-
7705. 14/7/ 

ROOMM'lTE NEEDED: Female pref. 
1275/ITro. srr~ on 4 Oed conoo nr. UTC 
462-4555/587-3615 or ~ msg for 5usatl 
at 463-6562. 14/71 

Roommate wanted Im/f/ to share twO 
bclrm/bath cond:>. Own room/DatIl pool 
at la other laC/lot res Only 297. SO/roo. Mora 
Mesd 549- 3255 Kevn 14/7/ 

Sp""d spro'g quatt'" on the beachl Need 
female nonsmol<er roommate to share Irg 
bdI on In furn6hed Soland Beach cond:> 
w / tennl. ClJUrts. JilCUUIS. pool. DedCh 
aclesS. 12~/"'0 . ' . ""'"tres. Call 755-
8156. 14/7/ 

Room for Rer,t. SIS 7 ',JUlltres. 5 bclrm 
house In U CrIy. ISO dep . • Rrst & ''''L 
Wuman Of'tj. goad studem pre~red. 
rem,nlSt h o usehold . Avarlable 
Irnmedtately. 45(}.9731. /4/71 

• 



.. 

20 Monday. Apnl 7. 1986 

A II CAMPUS 

APRil 13,86 
STONEHENGE 

Special tJlanks to: 
eoca-toIa Company and 

Custom Logo 

WHEN: Sunday, April 13, 11 am - 7 pm 
WHERE: "Stonehenge" (South Side of Humanities Ubmry) 
WHAT: 4 Bands 

2,000 Person Barbeque of ·.Chlcken, Ribs, Vegetarian Quiche, etc. 
Display of Proposed Student Center 
Cmft Center Exhibit 

4- BANDS: UCSD Jazz Ensemble 
Directed by Jimmy Cheatham 
New Shooz 
fatburger 
Spragueman 

GREAT BARBf;QUf; WITH LOTS Of GOODIES 
TICKETS ON SALE AT REVELlE ~ WARREN RESIDENT DEAN'S OffiCES 

MOM ~ the UCSD BOX OffiCE 
ONLY $2 through Wednesday, April 9: $3 after 

fOR MORE INfORMATION CALL x3025 

SUNDAY, APRIL 13 


