
• 

UNIVERSIN OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 58, #14 

DEAN SUSPENDED 
By MATIHEW lAIT. Associate News Editor 

HIRD College Dean believe is that it was a political 
Beverly Varga, winner of maneuver. Peop~ have tried to 
nine outstanding faculty! gain from this but they were 

staff awards and one of the blocked," Varga said . 
highest ranking American According to an unnamed 
Indians in the UC system, was source, Provost Faustina Solis 
suspended of her responsibilities tried to have fonner Assistant 
and locked out of her office Dean Eric Koenig appointed to 
pending a hearing concerning an Vargas' pOSition, but the 
investigation which charges her appointment was denied by Vice 
with mismanagement of funds Chancellor Joe Watson. This 
and a lack of student and staff move was attempted the day 
support after Varga was locked out of her 

Varga, who has worked at office. 
UCSD for 14 years, nine of them Both Koenig and Watson 
as the Third College Dean, was refused to comment on the 
dismissed from her office on attempted appointment. 
October 30. Several other sources who 

"I was ordered cut by Provost wished not to be identified said 
Solis for reasons that have no that Koenig and Varga had a 

ISllbsl:anc:e" Varga said. good working relationship until 
~~at 1 was told was so vague -six months ago. Two weeks prior 

and non-specific that all 1 can to Varga's suspension, Koenig 

eGOOOOAAAl!!! 
Both men's and 
women's soccer team 
advance in the NCAA 
Championships. 

Page 10 

resigned to work at UCI. Though 
it is unknown exactly what 
occurred, this strained 
relationship was apparently the 
reason Koenig searched for 
another job. 

Student Conflicts 
Koenig's resignation caused 

several Third College students to 
write letters to the Provost 
expressing their concern about 
the Assistant Dean's departure. 

"Losing Eric (Koenig) is 
probably one of the biggest 
losses to Third College. He did 
some really good things for the 
students," Jill Halaska, a Third 
College Resident Advisor said . 

These leners are believed to be 
part of the administration's nine 
support leners against Varga 
which show a lack of student 

e Standing trial 

support. ·Of the nine letters the 
University gave me, only one 
names me speclficially," Varga 
said. 

The Third College resident 
advisors were instructed not to 
talk to anybody about the 
personnel problems concerning 
Varga. 

However, four of the resident 
advisors who wished to remain 
anonymous admitted that there 
was a certain event last year that 
created great conflict between 
one RA and Dean Varga. This 
incident caused several RA's to 
jointly write a letter to the 
Provost questioning the 
administration's decision making 
process. 

Another incident involved 
former Third College Council 
Chairperson Steven Cooper. 

Although Dean Varga would not 
elaborate on the incident 
because of student 
confidentiality, a source said that 
the event caused "Cooper's 
[to write] a horrendous letter 
making allegations that Varga 
was a bigot and a racist and sent 
it to the Chancellor who started 
the investigation (against Varga)." 

Steven Cooper refused to 
comment because he has "been 
threatened with a lawsuit for . 
slander. 

"It's a tricky situation. 1 don't 
know what 1 can say," Cooper 
said. 

AdministlaiM Problems 
The charge of mismanagement 

of funds is the result of a 
difference of philosophies, Varga 
said. 

Please tum to page 7 

Judicial committee reviews 
student protestor's actions. 

Pag 3 

e Volunteer fair 
Pag 2 

e Bloom County 
eWessonality 
How Mrs. Brady helps to 
enslave the free world. 

Page 8 

Page 2 
eB]'s Sports Trivia 

----... ....- -- -



2 Monday. November 10. 1986 
NEWS 

UCSD students hold 
first volunteer fair 

On Wednesday, November 12, 
from 10 am to 2 pm, the first 
UCSD Volunteer Fair will be held 
in front of the Gym. More than 
60 social service agencies in the 
San Diego area will have displays 
and representatives on hand to 
recruit student volunteers for 
wor~ starting in January. 
Students will be able to speak 
with representatives of the 
agoocies for which they would 
like to work, and then sign up 
with the Volunteer Connection 
on campus. 

For further information call 
Emma-Lee or Ellen Caprio of the 
Volunteer Connection at 272-
5734, or Paul Lowenberg, Public 
Information Office at 534-3120. 

Musicians win 
top scholarships 

Three graduate students in the 
Department of Music at UCSD 
are the recipients of significant 
cash scholarship awards for 
excellence in their fields, 
according to department 
chairman Cecil Lyde. 

The three doctoral candidates 
are Margo MacKay-Simmons, R. 
Peter Mueller and Paul Koonce, 
aU of San Diego. 

MacKay-Simmons, a composer, 
15 the winner of the 1986-B7 
University of California 
DIssertation Year Award, 
established this year by the 
University of California for the 
purpose of increasing 
representation of minority and 
women faculty . McKay-Simmons 
will receive $6,000, as well as a 
research allowance and twO 
quarters of paid ruition. 

Koonce, is the recipient of the 
. 9,000 Gluck Fellowship in 
Mu sic Composition for gradwte 
students. This first -time award , 

given as a reward for scholarship 
rather than an incentive for 
future excellence, is the result of 
a generous endowment made by 
Muriel Gluck of San Diego. 

Mueller, a composer, is the 
recipient of a $9,500 graduate 
scholarship competition award 
for composition , from the UCSD 
Friends of Music. Mueller was 
the reci pient of this same prize 
last year, which amounted to 
$13,000. 

Scripps sponsors 
whale watching trips 

Winter whale watching 
excursions are being offered by 
the Aquarium at the Scripps 
Instirution of Oceanography for 
January and February. A ten-day 
cruise to Mexico and four special 
two-hour trips to the local waters 
off San Diego will highlight the 
19B6 whale watching season. 

Scripps Aquarium narurahsts 
will provide narural history 
lecrures and lead shore hikes. 
Snorkeling in the rich and 
beautiful waters of Baja will also 
be another p.astime. The cruise 
offers opponunities for whale 
and bird watching. 

For more Information on the 
whale watching cruise to Puerto 
Vallarta , Mexico, or the local twO-
hour cruises, call Scripps 
Aquarium at 534-4578. 

Club Diego's keeps 
its dance pennit 

Solana Beach City Council 
m~mbers voted Monday night to 
allow Club Diego's to keep its 
dance permit, despite a repon 
from the fire marshall which 
stated the night spOt had been 
overcrowding its dance floor. 

The permit was revoked [WO 
weeks ago after a repon from 
Fire Marshall Dallas Neville that 
stated that the club's dance 

BLOOM COUNTY,.,., ~~_.". 

floor's limit of 395 persons was 
consistently being exceeded. 

After hearing from Diego's 
owners, however, the council was 
assured that the popular club 
would cooperate and keep the 
occupancy rate below the limit. 

"We've always wanted to 
cooperate with the city council," 
said Diego's spokesman Jim 
McMahon . "We don't want 
anybody to feel that we're above 
the law." 

City Manager Michael Hughes 
said that Diego's has managed to 
cooperate with the city council's 
requests since last week's vote. 
However, Hughes said many 
residents who live near the club 
are still vOicing concerns about 
overcrowding and lack of 
sufficient parking for many 
patrons. 

"There have been complaints 
and concerns," Hughes said. 
"Parking is a problem. Those arc 
some of the things we need to 
address, hopefully in a 
cooperative manner." 

Councilman Richard Hendlin 
could not be reached for 
comment but has gone on record 
in The San Diego Union against 
retention of the permit. 

"The Other council members, I 
don't think, felt that way," 
McMahon said, and reiterated 
that the club was inspected six 
times in a three day period over 
the Haloween weekend. 

UC nurses request 
state assistance 

State mediation was requested 
by the California Nursing 
Association , the representative of 
5,000 nurses statewide at 
University of California hospitals 
and health centers, after contract 
negotiations became deadlocked 
over the weekend. 

UC officials denied the 
existence of an impasse and 
cited that management had not 
presented its final pay ofTer. 

The Union is requesting time-
and-a-half pay for holidays, wage 
parity with nurses at UC San 
Francisco Medical Center, and 
more paid education leave time. 

Their current contract contains 
a no-strike clause. 

. 

m .connects 
entrepreneurs 

..... · ....... . . saoIIAN 
HERE are twO necessaty inartdimts for evety l1eW business: 
money tnd a pxI idea. If you've got one, CONNECT can 
hefp you find the other. CONNECT ., kn<Jwn as the 

UCSD Pr'ipru in Tec:bnology and Enrrepreneurs~l> was started 
In August Of 1985 and is under the auspices of U Ext£nsion, 
whert it is located. 

William Otrerson. who led a company caled Cipher Daca 
~.Inc. from under one million in annual sales to 20 million 
~ Ieaina. is the-dirtaor. Batbara Dry (pronounced lme), who 
.. an ... :vom lfatvard and was a business writer for the Los 
AfPs TiM\I for six )aI'S, is the program coordinaror. 

The 35 ~na .,nsors of CONNECT are almost aD service 
CODIpIIUeS; except for a small appropriation £rom UCSD 
Exrcnsion. 110 public money is used. Examples of service 
companics In this sense of the tenn are banks. loC(X)untancy 
COI'pOI1II1oDs. and vetUUI't capital companies. This broad based 
community suppon is seen as a big advabDgc for the program. 
&hMa it the credibility it needs to be successful . 

"Our p," said 8ry, "is to link three constituencies: 
e~reneud; the University. and service companies." Nc&workina 
widl .... specl&c purpose in mind seems 10 be the purpose 01 

~Cr. and by brin&inatogecherthese three groups. Bty hopes 
10 1IeIp eraeptenews 6ncJ resources for success." 

She aid that "most potendal entrepreneurs that come 10 us are 
~ wotking for a company, while about 10 percem (of them 
.) On the faculty of UCSD.' Ahola 600 have panicipued in the 

~ so far, which consists primarily of seminars and lectures 
en various apeas of 5taIting your awn business and helping an 
aIIbIished one grow. 

Illy also sm:i that one ~$ibIr spinoff !'rom CONNECT is a 
aec:fit das& in CDtrepNneUlShlp which may first be offered in the 

Editor-in-Chief 
Niki Newlands 

Managing Editor 
Anggie P. Lapid 

News Editor 
Antigone Ganakis 

AII50ciate News Editor 
Matthew Lait 

Interim Opinions Editor 
Matthew ]. Cronin 

Copy Editor 
Sean Kenefick 
Fe.urn Editor 
Suzanne Lifson 

Please tum to pile 7 

Spons Editor 
Gus Santoyo 
Ans Editor 
Eva Wong 

Associaae Arts Editor 
Marla Hellman 
Photo Editor 

Dawn Marnikunian 
A5sociau Graphics Ed itor 

Sean Duffy 
Office & GraphiCS Man aaer 

Shendl Diamond 
Advenising Rcprcsallative 

Jan Hansen 

Contributors: Ian Barnard , Unda Bajinskl.Susie Beel,Keith Bogan, Trish Brown, Ken 
Calhoun, EUen Caprio. Emma-Lee Caprio, Troy Cardenas, Cheryl Canwright. Eric 
Chazankin , Uiura Douglas. Sebasuan French, Marc Fleishman, Kathy FUjino, Kathy 
Garland,jlm Gilmore, Lisa Haslund, Bryan Hams. Brian Itow. RIchard Joseph , jeff 
Kleen, Karen Kumm. Phil Uiooer, Roben Leone, Kristin McCleary. lynne MeLevie, 
Peltr Messrobian, Laura Mi~al3 , Mark Pinkus, Nigel PoUack, jon Preimesberger. 
Sheryl Rakeslaw, David Setdcs, John Shaw. Charles Tabesh, Daniel Thomas 

Photognp~ Brian Bilyeu, Larry Boyle, Allen Hamlet, Robert Leone. Stacy 
Longstreet, Rich Pecjak, Josh Wei!. Scott White 
tnu.ntors: Usa Drake. Rick Ford, Quan Lelan . Chris Ramrlt;. Ricardo Steeea 
Typaetta'5: Kathy AUen .jim Eichel. Carolyn Gonzalez, Kim Hannell, Anggie Lapld. 
Daniel Thomas 
Producclon Workers: John Ashlee, Margi Chandler. Debbie DuBois, Charmaine 
Haravcy. Stacy Longstreet, Todd Rapparpon. DaVid Seules, April Smith, Denist 
valenllne 

~ UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thursdays during the academic 
year by and for the studenls of UCSD. Reproduction or use of thiS newspaper 
without pennission Is smcdy prohl blted. el986, all righlS reserved. The Guardian is 
nOl responsible for unsohclted manuscriplS or an. 

Views exprCSstd do nO! represent the opimons of Ihe University of California or 
the Associated Studtnts of UCSD. the G.ardian 's editorials are delennincd by the 
Editor-in-Chief, Managing Ednor, News Editors and the OpinIOns Edilor. 

The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, laJolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 53-4-6580 Business: (619) 53-4.3-466 

TM Guardian IS located next to the Che Cafe. 

Cover photo by Stacy Longstreet 

Monday. Novtmbtr 10. 1986 3 
NEWS 

] udicial Committee reviews 
charges against protestor 

By ERIC CHAZANKIN 

T HE Revelle College Judicial Committee met last Thursday to make a 
decision concerning the long-
pending charges against UCSD 
student Arnie Schoenberg. The 
committee's decision will be 
made public within the next few 
days. 

Schoenberg has been accused 

of throwing two cups of red 
paint on an ROTC booth on 
Revelle Plaza. He was arrested 
and booked by police following 
the incident, but the district 
attorney's office later decided not 
to press charges and referred the 
matter back to the university. 

At the recent hearing, Dean 

Schomberg defmds his action in front of Judicial Committee. 

Mon of Revelle College brought 
the charges against Schoenberg. 
According to Mort, the matter of 
damages to an ROTC recruiter's 
personal property (shoes and 
books) had been settled between 
Schoenberg and the recruiter. 
The only remaining charge wa. 
of destruction , damage, or 
"conversion" of property on the 
UCSD campus, which is 
prohibited by regulations. 

Making his case against 
Schoenberg, Mort produced 
many documents backing up his 
charges. and also had on hand 
an ROTC banner with red paint 
still on it. He later admitted, 

'however, that the paint was 
indeed water-soluble (as 
Schoenberg claimed) and could 
be washed out of the banner. 
Mon produced no wimesses, 
relying on police repons of the 
accident 

Schoenberg's defense was of a 
1 very different nature . He arrived 

~ with a number of supporters. 
.." many carrying signs with slogans 
;i! such as "Civil Disobedience is 
~ Civil Defense," and the "The 

~ Military Exercising Freedom of 
of. Speech ," the latter accompanied 

by a photograph of a group of 
soldiers around dead civilians. 

Protestors support Schomberg outside Dean's office. • 

Some supporters wore 
costumes depicting the same 
themes of military violence and 
aggression . While most of these 
people were well-behaved , one of 
them occasionally mimicked 
Dean Mort from outside of the 
glass walls of the hearing room. 

In his defense , Schoenberg's 
main points were that his 
accusers were not confronting 
him, that his act had been 
justified because the military had 
no right to be on campus and 
that he was exercising his right 
to free speech . He also said that 
there had not actually been any 
damage; that what he did had 
been an "improvement" of the 
ROTC booth and banner, and 
that he had performed a "public 

servIce" by throwing the paint. 
Schoenberg called three 

witnesses, only one of whom had 
acrually witnessed the incident. 
All three talked about how free 
speech had been suppressed in 
the past, and about how military 
violence made the ROTC's 
presence on campus wrong. 

Mort and Schoenberg both 
summed up their arguments , and 
the Judicial Committee 
adjourned to closed session to 
make a decision. Their finding 
will function as art adviSOry to 
Dean Mort who will make the 
final judgement. According to 
Schoenberg, the final decision 
and penalty, if any, will be sent 
to him by mail within the next 
few days. ~ 

UtsD' 
HOODED SWEATSHIRT 

~---------:1 
• c.. 
I I 

Des 

AT THE 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Suggested Price - $18,95 Now Only $11.40 

(Limited to Stock on Hand) 

. un. . 
I Survive the confusion of other vision care offers. Use this I 

check list and compare prices and services. When you' re I I ~ convinced we're the best, call to make your appointment! 
I ~comp.le te. Vision -IFour Follow-Up Visits I Il:J ExammatlOn ~ ~ 

,.,.,/ Two Pair of Contact Lenses ='$20.00 Worth of Len I m Daily wear- CooperThin '" ~ Solutions I 
...,.lOne Pair of Sunglas es ~ Ultrasonic Cleaning for I Il:I ' (Aviamr sly Ie) III Contact Lenses-3 months I gco Pa· f Gl of free cleaning . ne Ir 0 asses-

I Singlc-vision lenses and I Plan I frames 
Pick up your VisionCare 

I UMVALIGT I I EXlended wear Comaci lens I len;es (8 + L prices for 
I 0 eries) may be myopes I subslilulcd for (nearsighlcd) daily wear lenses only. Olher. for an addilional may vary. I SW.OO. I 
I PROFESSIONAL I --visioncare -----
I La Jolla Cenler Mission GO'1!e eenler ~~o~:~e~t~r Norl h Counly Center I 
L (Near UCSD) (Ncar ladlUm and SDSU) (ear CilY College) (In an Marcos) .J «(>19) 457-1181 (619) 28.1-9201 (619) 235-0607 (619) 744-2611 
---------



4 Monday, November 10, 1986 

o 'Connor reneges: just another politican 
By RICHARD W. JOSEPH 1lI 

W HEN it comes to speaking about integrity in politiCS, 
not many people do it better 
than Mayor Maureen O·Connor. 
All through her mayoral 
campaign she stressed the 
importance of integrity, honesty 
in politics, and the importance 
of keeping political promises. 

But the mayor was not all talk. 
Ot long after taking over the 

office of Mayor. she did 
something that isn't that 
common in politiCS these days: 
she began backing up her 
promises with acnon . 

She spoke of the importance 
to have minorities involved in 
city government. The Mayor 
stuck "by her word when it came 
to appointing her city staff. She 
hired members from the black, 
hispanic. female and homosexual 
communities. 

Mayor O 'Connor also kept her 
promise to 'political activlS! and 
City Council pest Rose Lynne. 
Like ex-mayor Roger Hedgecock 
had done two years earlier on 
the campaign trail . Mayor 
O'Connor promised Lynne that 
she would take her three-hour 
class on ombudscie nce. a science 
Lynne says that she is an expert 
in . But unlike Hedgecock, who 

simply refused to take the class 
despite his personal promise to 
Lynne. the Mayor sat through an 
entire three-hour session. 

And if that wasn't good 
enough, the Mayor had said she 
opposed a raise in the Mayor's 
salary during her campaign. She 
did not take one. Though the 
raise had already been 
implemented and she needed to 
go through an entire City 
Council vote , she cut her salary 
back to $50.000. She passed an 
ordinance cutti ng her salary by 
$5,000. despite the arguments by 
twO Council members attempting 
to talk her OUt of it. 

Another campaign pledge was 
that she promised to remain 
non-partisan in the statewide 
elections on November 4. But for 
some reason , after months of 
keeping to her promise. she 
hastily arranged a press 
conference at Lindbergh Ficld 
and endorsed the reelection bid 
of three-term Democratic Senator 
Alan Cranston . Mayor O'Connor 
went out on a limb and broke 
her first political promise. 

It is a mystety as to why the 
Mayor. after receiving top rating 
in a recent poll from Democrats 
and Republicans alike. would 
risk any part of her political 

fUM IIAlR DESIGN 

/'red"on ."Ie CIIU ,." _ $15 (reg. 120) _ $11 (reg. ,16) 
" ""'''''''. (foI, -..I1Igi lid ... '" $JO (teg. $45 It up) DlreaIoull'UffU $JO (reg. HOJ • I ..... Mlr c.draJ 

~ .... '*' "'"" M ~II Ulll JIJ6. 
7J7 Purl Sl., La Jolla 45/H170 

image by breaking a promise of 
this magnitude. 

And the Mayor's comment that 
"for every rule . there is an 
exception, and this is the 
exception" does not cut any ice 
with this journalist. 

Mayor O 'Connor simply made 
and then blatantly broke a 
political promise and it has 
many political analysts 
wondering why. 

Well . consider this: Mayor 
O'Connor made the promise 

when Bill Cleator pressed her to 
take a stand on Rose Bird during 
their mayoral campaigns. And 
rather than taking a stand 
against a female in a high office 
and risk offending women 

Please tum to page 5 

lHTfASlHTfAS lHlfASlUTfASlfHfASlHTfASl 
Free speech? 
Editor: 

Having just left the open 
hearing concerning the actions 
of Arnie Schoenberg towards an 
Army ROTC table last spring. I 
find myself wondering how the 
self-serving and righteous 
contingent that accompanied 
him came to the conclusions 
that their views are right and 
that they have the support of the 
students. Last spring Arnie 
poured red paint on the ROTC 
table in an "act of free speech" 
in response to the ROTC 
presence on campus. Free 
speech? Hardly. It is ironic how 
such a positive and open-
minded concept is used to justify 
a negative and closed-minded 
action. This twisted use of a 
cherished right is typical of the 

AUTO INSURANCE 
Special College 

Student Program 
Need not be expensive ~ our 

quotes are always free. 
Offered through: 

Oak laf 
Insurance Agency 

~1 
4540 Keary Villa Rd. "210 
Me. Balboa Ave. It 163 

San Diego. CA 92123 
560-9055 

political and ideological rhetoric 
used by this group to justify 
themselves and stifle anempts to 
hold them accountable for their 
actions. 

I do not wish to argue 
ideology. This cannot and should 
not be changed. I do. however, 
question the motives and 
explanations for this action. The 
reason given for the action and 
alleged violation of policy is the 
fact that there was "no other 
altemative." The excuse was 
given because, in their view. the 
"system" is set up to suppress 
dissenting views. Th ey are. 
therefore. justified in violating 
those policies? I say that they are 
not. The "system" is set up so 
that the views of the majority are 
adhered to. I'm not only referring 

to the university. but to the 
socio-political establishment as a 
whole. If the majority of the 
people hold a certain view. then 
that is the view that should be 
upheld. This is the essence of 
democracy. I do not agree with 
the argument that the "people in 
power" can saTUrate the public 
and smother an alternative point 
of view. If an idea is truly right, 
the majority will see through the 
propaganda. If one has an 
alternative view. he should work 
through established means to 
sway others to his point of view 
He should then work for change. 
He should not take action . hide 
behind the students, and refuse 
to face up to the consequences 
of his actions. 

Albert A. Villa, Jr. 

family Law and Adoptions 
Nancy Ii. f lick. Attorney 

Certified Le8al 6pecialist 
- family Law -

231-1616 

Looking For Some Excitement In Your Life? 

USP 11 

USP 115 

USP 117 

U8P 1" 

Try 
Open For 

an Urban Studies and 
Enrollment To All 

Planning Course 
Students, Winter 1987 

U .. AN AMEIUCAN SOCIETY C4): An introduction to the SOCiological study of 
cities. foculling on the developmeht of urban aociety in the U.S. The course w~1 address: (1) 
the origins. growth and transformation of cities in the U.S.; (2) theoretical approaches to 
the study of urban li/e; (3) the organization of power - urban poI~icl and economy, aocia1 
stratification and cI.s conflict. the mass media; (4) urban social and cultural systems -
suburbia, family life in the city. religion. education, art and IeilUre; (5) urban social problems 
- crime. poverty. racism, welfare, health. housing, transportation, and the environment; 
and (6) current urbanization trends and the future of urban society.MW 4:<JO.S:20 (Calavita. 
K.) PH 108 
ENV .. ONM ENTAL AND U .. AN PLANNING PROBLEMS: THE U.S. 
MEXICO BOIIOU C • • : Course addreues the key environmental and city planning 
problems facing the U.S. Mexico border region. After establiahing a historical, geograpnic , 
and demographic context for the border region, the course focu_ on the following 
themes: comparative economic base. political I\IStems. environmental problems (water. air 
pollution, MWage management), city planning iuu .. (transportation, land use. hoo.ing. 
inoo.trial development) , twin CIOes, San Diego and Tijuana. Prerequisite: none. (USP 10, 1I. 
ar 12 I'KOmnwndtd). T 4:()()'6:5O (Herzog. LA.) STL 205 
U UAN POLrrICS C • • : (Same as Pobtical ScIenCe ID2E.) This survey course focuses 
upon the following six topics: lhe evolution of urban polilics since the mid·nineteenth 
century; the urban fiacal cn.;.; federal/ urban rolationahipl; the "new" ethnic poI~ics ; urban 
power .tNCture and ieaderahip; and selected contemporary policy iMua IUch II downtown 
redevelopment, poverty. and race. Prerequisite: upper-division .tanding or consent of 
instructOl'.TTH 2:JO.J:5O (Erie, S.P.) HL 1205 
paEVENTATIVE HEALTH CAllE C4): This courle wiD analyze needs ol populations; 

~ignting current ~ public health probleml IUch as chronic and communicable 
"--. environmental hazards ol ...... plydutric problems and additional ~, 
new IOCiaI mor .. atfecting health maintenance. consumer health awar..-s and health 
practices, special ..... 01 economically and aociaIIy diaadvontaged popWationl. The focus 
is on Mlected artal of public and environmental health, namely; epidomioIogy, preventive 

services in IamiIy health communicable and chronic disease control. and occupational 
health. Prerequisite: upper·diuWon stoncfng or consent of inslructor.Tu ••. ·Thurt. 11:30· 
12:50 pm (Brody) STL 109 

USP 153 SOCIETY. MOTIVATION. AND PEIlSONAUTY ( •• : This course wi! provide an 
examination of the int.-play bet_ values. activiti .. , and emotional components of 
behavior. Topics to be covered in depth indude social support .tema, understancing 
valua. motivations and "'iva. baaic nMda and their gratification, copi"ll and exprauion, 
and psychological health. Prerequisites: upporr-diuioion standing or consent of instructor. 
See department. T 9:00-11:50 wn (Thomas.CJ STL 110 

USP 171 PIlACTICAL UDAN lAND USE PaOBLalS C. ): A iecture-discUllion course on 
the relationship bet_ American iogII·inatitutions and land use policy iaaues. with 'pecial 
attention to lhe problema of urban artal and the conflict bet ........ private ri!#1 and the 
public interest. Amo~ the topics c:owred are the legal aopectl of zoning. redevllopment. 
trll'lSportation, and the protection olthe natural environment. Prarequisite: none. M 2:()()' 
4:50 (Petenon, P .) STL 205 

USP 17' HISTOIIY OF l.aAN PLANNING DESIGN C4) : The analysis 01 the evolution of 
city dealgns over time; study of the !orca lhal influence the form and content of a city; why 
citia change; co~iIon of urban planning and architecture in Europe and the United 
States. Pr .. equisile: upper-diuision s tanding. Tn-! 1:()()'2:20 pm (Ca1avita, C.) TLH 109 

UIP 17. PIlAcnc£/~ DESIGN (4. : Through seminar. and r.lated .tudic> work.lecturea 
and case Itucia, the course will focus on the approaches toward complex int.-realionahipo 
01 land UN programa, infTaatructure. transportation iuu •• public open .pace. economic 
feaaibility , social val.-, and _hetics wnich will be investigated and related to the 

~derstanding of public benefit. and private enterprise. The studio _lion of the coor .. will 
deal with dotmnininsl optimum buikIng envelope reationahipl, .~e oraanization, ambience. 
envirorwnenlal chart ........ and ..... nMda ... selected urban arell. Particular Ittention will 
be paid 10 developing .1Ok ... communication concepU .,.j ideas. MF 9:<JO.IO:20 am 
(Martina. J.) PH 102 

Mayor 
Continued from page 4 
voters, she simply sidestepped 
the issue by saying that she 
would remain non-partisan in 
the state elections. But after 
winning the election . she 
obviously figured she could 
afford to break this particular 

WORD 
PROCESSING 

• THESIS 
• DISSERTAnONS 

• MANUSCRlPrS 
• RESUMES 

• FILE 
MAINTENANCE 

• FEE BY THE HOUR 
OR BY THE PAGE 

(ClONE]© 
DUPUCATION CENTER 
1202 Camino Del Mar 

259-6789 

promise. 
Insiders say that Mayor 

O'Connor has higher political 
aspirations. The Mayor might 
have thought it very 
advantageous to SlUmp for a high 
ranking Democratic candidate. 
especially if she is considering a 
future stale olTice and wants to 
get a part of those precious party 
funds. 

And although she insists that 

she wa!l not repaying an IOU . 
the mayor has had close ties to 
Cranslon. He even endorsed her 
unsuccessful 1983 mayoral bid 
against Roger Hedgecock. 

Whatever the reasons Mayor 
Maureen O'Connor had for 
breaking her political promise . it 
really is too bad. The Mayor can 
no longer be considered special 
in politics; she is now JUSt 
another politician. [lj 

ROBERT'S 
~ SAAB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained SPecialists 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 
• Brakes • Extended Warranties 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 275-1132 

• 

4 630 Mission B ay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA 9 2109 

* W. use and r«ommmd K ... dIIlf!J Lubricants to our customers * 

---------------------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

·(Except Molor & Transmission Overhaul) 

With This Coupon 
(Not valid with any other coupon) 

THE 

Monday. November 10. 1986 S 
OPINIONS 

Applications are DOW 
belng aa:eptecl for tile 

position of 
nEWS EDITOR 

and 
OPINIONS EDITOR 
Submit applications 

to tile Guardian 
"OWl II 

CABO SAN LUCAS 
7 Nights 

Air/ Hotel 
from $279 

BOOK NOW! 

Other SpedaL~: 
$639 rt 
$598rt 
$720 rt 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
ANNUAL 

FEATURING CLASSICS 
IN 

• ROCK· 
JAZZ • FOLK • POP 
SOUL • CLASSICAL RECORDS & CASSETIES 

(PRICES START 1.98 • SALE BEGINS NOV. 10 THRU DEC. 1) 



l; Monday, November 10, 1986 

~lCs.tVIa: 
MONDAY.....aAY 
IlOO Mt-4IOO ,... - SlGI Plus, Sy$tems of Interactllle 
Guld;n:e IrId Inlbrmadon Is a cofl'l)Uter-based program 
cI career InforITliltlon deslg1ed to help you clarify )'OUr 
skills, values IrId OCClJpalional Interests. For more 
Information. come to car_ SeMcrs Center. 
IlOO ..... ,... - oasiS writing Center offers free 
service for all UCSO slUdents wh:l need pre-writlng hetp, 
conlil!rerlCes on drafts and editing advice. \II\! engage any 
kind of writing and M¥ kind of writing problem. 
Confrrences are by appolntment only. Evening 
appointments are also _ilable In OASIS 1l1ird f'Iaa! at 
lHrd CO'ege, and W.men Apartments. (For ~ full range 
clservk:es see the bad< of~ ClJrrent class sche<iJk!). call 
53+2294 or come by USB 4010 10 make an appointment 
1his service is <MIi1aDle tlYoug,out the quaner, Sponsored 
by 1tle oasIS lIItieing Center. 
.. 10 _4cJO,... - OASIS Writing Center. Writing 
tutorials & woricshJps in Sut!ject A located at USB 4010, 
' .. 40lI0 ,... - Drop-In Advising Hours : For help 
finding desirable part-time ernpIoyrnent. ~ermlning 
career goals. searching for jobs or explOring profrssional • 
or graduate sdlooI opportunities. No appointment 
necessary, just walk In. In ~ career Services Cent«. 
MONDAY-1HUII$DAY 
IlOO ..... poll - Grammar Moses Hotline - A 
hotline prone-in Sl!l'llice for help with diaion, grammar 
and punctuation problems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 
53+22114. Sponsor~ by OASIS WritIng Center. Service 
available ttYou~t the quarter. 
MONDAY 
, ,100 _ - Tho! Marketable R\!sume IXA:lrkshop. learn 
how 10 construct a state-of-the-art resume that will make 
)IOU stand out ftom the crowd. At ~ career Services 
Center. 

'~'IOO PIlI - '!he Sd1olars' writing IXotlrkshop 
meets ~ Monday and Tuesday at USB 4070, This 
quarters topic is "The Ix.tlter's Voice: ' call 42294 IrId ask 
for Farrell Foreman. Today's special topic is the Fall Bridge 
..burna!. We need your insight and ideas Bring writings if 
)IOU have them. 
naSDAY 

'~'IOO pili - '!he Sd1olars' Writing IXotlrkshop 
meets ~ Monday and Tuesday at USB 4070, ThIs 
quarters topic is "The Ix.titer's Voice." Call 42284 and ask 
for Farrell Foremlrl. Today's spedal topic is the Fall Bridge 
..burna/. We need your Insight and Ideas. Bring writings if 
)IOU have them. 

'Z~ZIOO filii - The la'lguage Program level 1 - this 
Q4.5IS program focuses on the tl1nklng skllls)lOU ~ to 
successfully handle ~ reading and wnting tasks assigned 
In )lOUr courses, It is desogned for those who want 10 
perfKt their English language skilis . LP classes are taught 
by reading and writing spedallSts and biUngual tutors. LP 
is present~ by the oasiS la'lguage Program and the 
OASIS Reading & Stuciy SkIlls Center. In USB 4010. 
1100 pm - Interviewing Skills IXotlrkshop. 00 you need 
help in preparing for jJb intervoews7 career Services 
Center will provide tips on the be t ways to present)lOUr 
qualifications and what kInd of intervoew questIOns to 
expect. In the career Services Center. 

WU)ND~Y 
'OIOO_ZIOO pm - Volunteer Awareness Day. learn 
how 10 get i~ In San Diego from representatives of 
community organizatoons. Help others and test )lOUr 
career ambitions at tJhe same time. C<>-sporlSOI's: UCSD 
Volunteer Connection and A5UCSD, At the Student 
Center Hu"ll. 
11100 _ZIOO pm - Pre-law Day. Meet admissions 
clficers from l<Iw schools around the country in arl 
informal setting. At the career Services Center Plaza, 

Z~~ pm - The oasiS GM (Grammar & 
Mecharlics) IXA:lrkshop is deslg.ed for students whose first 
language IS not English and who would Ioke to work on 
darlf'JIng basIC grammatical concepts arld applying them 
in extensive, systematic series of practical exerdses. An 
exerase manual will be used. All work will be completed In 
the context of the workshop. In USB 4010. 
lHURSDAY 
1100 pm - Graduate Sd1oo1 Informatoon SessIOn. 
Considering an advanc~ degree 7 u,arn how to prepare 
for admISSIOn, including the applocatoon process. At the 
career ServICes Center multipurpose room. 
FRIDAY 
"OCI-IOIOO _ - '!he OASIS GM (Grammar & 
Mecharlics) IXotIrkshop is designed for students whose first 
language is not English and who would like to work on 
darif)'ng basic grammatical concepts arld applying them 
in extensive, systematic series of practical exerdses. An 
exerdse ma"lUaI will be used. All work will be compk!t~ in 
the context of the workshop, In USB 4010. 
,..0 pm - FWldIng the Hodden Job Market. Eigl'ly 
percent of all pb vacancies are udrladllertised. ThIs 
IMJrkshop will teach you the most effective w~ to ftnd 
them. In the career Services Center. 
SAT1.RIAY 
1tOO ___ pm - ldentilyingyourcateer. ,Analklay 
IM:Irkshop 10 Identify viacle career options tIYou~ 
extensive self-assessment Sign-up by Friday, Ncwernber 
14. In the career Services Center. 
S_VlCD/WDIIICSHOPS 
MONDAY 
- Roses are red, par-osies are orange, if you can rt¥ne 

this, come to the Birth Control Information Session arld tell 
me. While you are here, stay arld get some faas on the 
'MJrld _ Icnow as our bodies. You'll learn a lot. Llpstairs 
lOunge of the Student Health Center. 

'Z~'IOO filii - Let Go Of SUess And Relax. For a ll 
UCSO students, this group Is desig~ to teach methods 
cI relaxing IrId dealing With stress which can be us~ for a 
lifetime. Tecmiques will Include breathing exerdses. 
biOfeedback. progressive relaxation, autogenic training, 
gul~ Imagery, meditation. self-hypnosis and time-
management. led by Izzr Lerman arld John Bunton. call 
Becca at 53+3755 for Information arld sign-up. In HL 
1003. 

,~,..o pili - Graduate IXotlmen In Humanities. 1'1 
weekly support group for graduate women students In 
the Humanitoes concer~ with personal, profrsslonal 
and academic issues. Led by Rodle/k! Bastien and Karla 
Mate'na. Interested students should contaa Rochelle at 
53+ 3035 for Information and sign-up. In Hl 1003. 

Tt-i~ 

phutu§ by 
Vubert Leune 
.~ ..... - OJercoming CorTl)Ulsive Eating/REO 
III. This group is for students wh:l wish 10 <jve up their 
ObseSsion with food and who desire personal grO'Nth, 
Joonnal writing. psychological testing arld fl!edback. and 
relaxation and Imagery INOrk will be used. led by Beverly 
Hadu. call Bellerly at 53+3987 for inlormation and sign-
up. At WC 302 
n.SDAY 

IZ~'IOO pm - It's National "Be Good to \burself ' 
Week. so come to the birth control information sesSIOn. Be 
good to )IOUrselfili '!bu'lI learn more than you think, and 
think as much as )lOUr k!arn. Upstairs of Student Health 
Services. 

41~6oOCI pm - Adults Molested As Children. A group 
for men and women who were moiested In childhood or 
adolescence by strangers, acquaintances and/or family 
members. led by Sara Mayo. call Greg at 53+ 3SB5 for 
information. located at Muir Provost Conference Room. 

"DNIS~Y 
...... 10 _ - /\dun ChIldren of AlCoholia Graduate 
Student Group. Many of the behaIIior patterns list~ 
below are common 10 adult children of alcoholics: 

quality of life of the BIacIC community at UCSO. ThIs Is an 
ongoing group IrIdstudents canjoin at anytime. Sludents 
can call leaders PhIl Raphael at 534-0252 or Il:X:helle 
Basoen at 534-3035 if they ha\Ie any questions; 
otherwise, ~ can just come to the group. IDeated at 
Mountain View lDunge. 
.... 6100 ,... - IXotImen in Science Group. 1his group 
attemptS 10 ftnd alternative ways of dealing with the 
issues most 1M:lmer1 in science encounter. Feelings of 

inco~ency, insecurity, limited sexuality, etc. Led by 
Susan Blakely and Patricia Orozco. Contact Susan or Patti 
at 534-2023 if you have questions. In the IXA:lmerl'S 
Resource Center, 
lHa.sDAY 
'ZJOO.' 100 ..... - Are you a woman concerned about 
her health7 00 you Icnow how to prevent infections 7 00 
)<lu Icnowaboutyour ~ for calcium and iron1Areyou 
curious about peMc exams 1 .AlSt one ''yes'' answer 
entitles you to attend a \ll\!11 IXotlman Sesion. Upstairs 
lounge of the Student Health 5e<vices. 

,.....,..,-_______________ --, relabonsl1ps that roIlercoaster up and down, working 
hard to ...aid criticism, discomfort with anger and connia, 
being a throll-seeker, parenting your parents, discomfort 
with alcohol and its users and trying to do the ri!t1t thing 
when sometimes )IOU don't want to. If some of these 
experiences describe )IOU, perhaps this group CDlJId help. 
Led by !Io!verly Harju and Pam CuIIey-McCUllou~. call 
534-3755 to siQl'l up. In we 302 

Il00-... pm - Alcohol and !iJbstanCe AIluse Group 
for IXotlmen. Women students of any age or history with 
substances ar~ weloome. Led by Sara Arroyo and Debbie 
Allen. Call Sara at 53+ 3SB5 b' information and slgrl-up. 

41~6IOO pm - feminist OisaJssion Group. An 
awareness-builcing group that explores ways o f 
communication, perceptiion and understanding tIYOugh a 
feminist approach, Deals With COnYTlO(l Issues that women 
must face (e.g . self esteem, ~s, sexUlilty, etc.). 
led by Patricia Orozco, Call PattI at 534-2023 If )IOU have 
questions. In the IXA:lmen's Resource Center. 
IZ~'IOO ..... -Helpa fr/end orretatlve stop smoking 
for one day, 11/201 The Great AmerICan Smoke Out. 
I'IdoptIon Papers, hintS and survival kits <J.'aI1able at Mui(s 
Health and Fitness Fair today and at Health EcluCiltlOn, 
SHS, Nov. 12-20. Call to r~, 53+2419, 
, Z~ ,.00 ..... - Ute diictates that making love with no 
form of birth control leads to procreation. This Is a fact that 
seems oO.Aous, yet thousands of u'1>'arlned pregnancies 
occur ~ ~ar, IIhly is this7 Ignorance I W~ Warlt 10 
change this sad state by ed.Jcatlng our own community. 
Join us at the b4rth oontrol infotmation session thiS week, 
it's OtMous. Llpstairs at the Student Health Services 
lounge. 
.... Il00 pili - campus Black Forum. A weekly, 
in~ discussion group on the issues, concerns, and the 

.... Il00 ..... - C<>-sexual Discussion Group. 1'1 
diSClJsslon group for the benrftt of oay and bisexual men 
and wom«1. Led by Katly and Demetrius. In we 412. 
""DAY 
Z ..... ,... - Alcohol and SubstanCeAiluseGroup. If 
)<lu'~ eve- ask~ "00 I have a problem 7' chances are you 
do have a trw things to talk about. Students 01 any age or 
history with substances are _k:ome. Led by Din Mu10z 
arld 0ebbI~ Allen. call Dan at 53+1579, At the ~lIe 
Provosfs office. 
.... 6100 ..... - Lestllan/Blsexual IXA:lmerl'S DIscussion 
Group. A group for women disoussing relative Issues, 
feminism. peer pressure, being gay In a straight 
environment. Led by Katly 53+2023. In the IXA:lmen's 

Resourc~ Center. 

..,aous PUNCnONi 
'l\laDAY~DAY 
........ - catholic Mass, Sponsored by the catholic 
Community at UCSO, At the liIM:r5Ity l.iJther., Church. 
MONDAY 
, ...... - Don't brgec out INHkIy MondIy nigh! 
meetingsl Join us for worship wiith singing, praying. Bible 
study - fellowshipi We're continuing ourSluclyon I JoIYl. 
In lhe Revelle Formal lDunge. 
1UaDAY 
, ZIOO pili - FaClJIty kJnc:neon leaturing Dr. Richard 
Madsen, co-auChor of Habits or Itw HIM:. RSVP for 
kJnch C/o 53+2521, or Just come 10 presentation at 12:30 
pm at MandeIIIlk! Suite atop TIoga Hall. Muir College. 7",... -Directions IrIdvalU1!5 in American Ute. Come 
hear UCSO prof. IIkhard Madsen discuss the values 
Americans hold today and where we are headed as a 
sodety. RefreslYnenls ptOIIided. More Info 7 call Donna 
458-9194. At the catholic Student lDunge in the 
U11versity Lutheran Church. 
MDNDDAY 
!IIOO,... - Crossways Bible 0\IeView led by Pastor John 
Huber at U1iverslty Lutherarl Church, 
Il00 ..... - Supper hosted by Lutheran students, open to 
all. At the UV-slty Lutheran Church. 
'100,... - Bible study k!d by Lutheran ~s students. 
~ to all, Welcome. l'lt the l..l'WerslIy Lutheran Church. 
7100 ,... - They're herel Krith and Molly Dum are on 
ca"llUs this week to get us prepared for C~'S visit in 
January. Come hear them speak at this week's Ig. group 
celebration ... '!bu won't be sonyl In the Chancellor's 
Complex lilA. 
IlOO ,... - Crossways Bible 0\IeView led by Pastor JoIYl 
HUber. At the University Lutheran Church. 
'0" pili - Candlelgl'( Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Sludent Coordinators at UCSO. A QuieI, 
mediitaM time for sharing with others. At ~ chapel In 
the U1lV<!rsity lUtheran Church. 
lHURSDAY 

'~'IOO pm - CIYistian Meditation - take a break 
in the day to ~ your sense of Inner strength, Filteen 
minute m~itations will be olfe-~ twice, with a break at 
noon. Meets In the South Cort. Rm. Student Center Bldg. 
B. Sponsored by the U1it~ campus Ministry. All are 
welCome. 
1141 pili - '!he 1l1ursday Dinner, All you can eatl 
Homemade food and greillt corrparly. Sponso~ by the 
catholic Student Coordlnalors. In the Catholic Lounge at 
U11versi1y Lutheran Church. Donation S2. 
7 ..... pm - U1ited CarI¥lus Ministry sponsors 
weekly Bible study. Join us for a time of learning about the 
Old Testament Prophets IrId a time of fellowship. ~ 
OIher Christians on campus. UCM Is the campus ministry 
of the Presbyterian, MethodIst Oisciples, and U1ited 
Church of Chnist churches. All serious seekers are 
welCome. Meets at Sun House, corner of Eads & Kline In La 
JoIa. 
""DAY 
- U1it~ Campus Ministry Fall Relreat. Want 10 get aw~ 

for the weekend7 Join US for a camping retreat at 
Cuyamaca State Park , For details call 53+2521 and ask for 
Bob llfagener. 
7100 pm - Chi Alpha Christian Fellowship will be 
meeting. In the Chancellor's COITllk!. lilA. 
SAT1.RIAY 
IlOO ,... - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the catholic 
Community at UCSO. At the U1iversity Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
IlOO • '0100 _ - Episcopal Church IXotIrship Services: 
Service Eucharist At the Good Samaritan Church, 4321 
Eastgate Mall. 
.... 1ft - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the catholic 
Community at UCSO. At. the University Lutherarl Church. 
1141 _ - Or. Z. Krlpke of UCSO Health Center speaks 
on "SpIritual Ufrstyle." All are welcome, At the U11V<!rs1ty 
Lutheran Church. 
'0100 _ - Sermon on "The Exod.Js" by Pastor John 
Huber of the Lutheran campus llillnistry, follow~ by Bible 
study at 11:15 am. Open to all. At the U1iversoty lUtheran 
Church. 
, '100 _ - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the catholic 
Community at UCSO, At the Student Center, Bldg. B, S. 
Conf. Rm. 
1100 pm - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the catholic 
Community at UCSO. At the U1iversoty Lutheran Church, 
OTHIR 

_DND~Y 
111100 _ZIOO pili - '!he Volunteer Connection at 
UCSO is sponsoring a "Student Community Awarenesl 
o.y:' ThIs is a Volunteer Fair hosted by the S;n Diego 
U1ift~ School DistriCt and about 65 nor>-proftt 
orgMlizations. Come arld help San DiegoIAt ''The Hu"ll" 
In front of the Student Center. 
ORGANl2AnoNAL MD11NGS 
MONDAY 
I .. ,... - s'E.E.0 , - come help us plan upcorring 
events. In the ~Ik! Informal Lounge. 
7100 .... - Korean American student Assodation·s 
general meeting. \II\!'II discuss future plans, select.some 
oflices 10 work b' lile dub. Refretments. In HL 1205, 

a...~ 
lUDDAY 
.... ,... - Business 100: writing a bUSlnes plan getting 
your business idea on paper With the help of l13k!rie 
Silverstein. Sponsor~ by the Assodatlon of Collegiate 
Entrepreneurs and ASUCSO. Refreshments 10 follow. In 
the ~ Formal Lounge. 
1HUIISDAY 
'Z .. pm - Dr. Kurt Kline, aquaculture spedalist, will 
speak on aquacultlle for ~, small-scale ponds. This Is 
another Farm Coop Production In the Permaculture 
Lecture series. In the Nofth Conf. Rm. 
natllAT10N 
lUDDAY 
I .. ,... - Surf Club meets. T-shirts are in, bring dub 
clueS. Into on upcoming contest against Winclansea Surf 
Club. No~surfrrs welcome. WC 413 #2. 
w.DN.~Y 
IlOO ,... - Free Monopoly Tournament In the f\JD. lDts 
of fun. prizes for winners. 

Dean suspended 
Continued from page 1 

Currendy, Third College is 
undergOing an audit. The Dean's 
budget has already been 
reviewed . "As far as I know, the 
audit went okay," Pat Hansen, 
the assistant to the Provost, said . 

Sources inside the office have 
said that despite allegations of a 
$5,000 deficit , a surplus of 
$2,500 was found by the 
auditors. 

Vice Chancellor Watson said 
that neither he nor any staff 
member will comment about the 
case. "We have an obligation to 
follow University policy which 
requires strict confidentiality, no 
matter what is being said by 
others ," Watson said . 

suspension; however, he later 
admitted that he knew of Pates' 
appointment as acting Dean. 

Before Pates took the position 
as acting Dean, he was supposed 
to work as a buffer between 
Provost Solis and Dean Varga 
because the Provost could not 
properly communicate with the 

the investigation which the 
Provost conducted , she 
interviewed only people who had 
bad things to say about Varga 
and not anyone who would 
defend her. 

Varga declined to comment on 
possible motives that the Provost 
might have to warrant the 
suspension . "I love th is college 
and I don 't want to say anything 
that might hurt it or the people 
in it," Varga said, 

to work with and that she felt 
threatened by the success of the 
students. 

One of the groups most upset 
by Varga's suspension is the 
Third College Alumni 
Association. Telegrams from 
alumni all across the country 
have been sent to the President 
of the UniverSity of California , 
the C hancellor of UCSD, the 
Vice Chancellor of UCSD, and 
other officials demanding the 
immediate reappointment of 

Connect 
Continued from page 2 
spring. "It would be taught by 
real liff entrepreneurs and be 
open to all students," she said. 

Paul Stannard , President of 
Megahaus Corporation, a 
software technology company in 
San Diego, is one of those in 
private industry who has used 

_ CONNECTs resources. "I 
~ attended some seminars, and 
.9 found the one on high-tech 
(? marketing particularly helpful : 
~i.....,;~ .:x he said, "CONNECT has good 

Monday, Novtmba 1 D, 1986 7 
NEWS 

Dean Varga. The alumni are also 
establishing a defense fund for 
Varga. 

"We are extremely upset about 
the sacking of the Dean. You 
don't throwaway 14 years of 
unselfish service because of a 
couple of leners. She is being 
treated totally unfair and we 
protest this action," alumnus 
Zephyr Goldsmith Carlyle said. 

Sean KeneJick and John Shaw 
contributed to this article. I!J 

a good idea, and one group of 
people with lots of ideas is 
University researchers. However, 
as Bry said , people like this 
"know a lot about science and 
technology, not a lot about 
business. Through CONNECT 
they can , on an infonnal basis, 
meet successful entrepreneurs, 
write business plans, and learn 
about venture capital and other 
fund ing resources ," Thus, ideas 
that are languishing in the lab 
but may have commercial 
applications can be marketed 
and put to good use. 

Meeting Minutes Rescinded 
In th e last T hi rd College 

Council meeting, Provost Solis 
announced that Hugh Pates of 
the campus Psychological 
Services would be taking over as 
the acting Dean. She also 
divulged other infonnation 
concerning Dean Varga's 
suspension which was 
considered confidential. 

A changing sign oj the times. educational material for us . (entrepreneurs), and i definitely 
recommend it." 

Examples of companies that 
have been founded by UCSD 
students or faculty in the past 

Dean, a faculty source said. Public Reaction Upon realizing that this 
confidential infonnation was in 
the meeting's minutes, Solis 
ordered the minutes rescinded, 
revised and no longer public. 
Provost Solis refused to be 
interviewed. 

Isaac Mantika, who is the 
Third College Council Chairman 
and was present at the meeting, 
denied any knowledge of Varga's 

"However, Pates then 
fOonducted his own investigation 
against Dean Varga even though 
Vice Chancellor Watson told him 
not to," the source said . 

Pates refused to con finn or 
deny whether he would apply for 
the posi tion of Dean should it 
become vacant. 

Another source said that in 

The news of Varga's 
suspension shocked several 
faculty members, but other 
members, all of whom wished to 
stay anonymous, were less 
surprised and aware that there 
were problems within the office 
and between Varga and Solis. 
Other members said that Varga 
was sometimes a difficult person 

Both established companies 
and entrepreneurs-to-be can 
benefit from CONNECT, a point 
Stannard emphasized. He said 
that "you choose your subject 
according 10 your needs, just like 
school. For me, marketing was 
important, for someone else, 
raising capital might be 
important. " 

While capital is essential, so is 

are Hybritech; MIA-Com 
Linkabit; ISSCO; Software 
Products Intemational; and 
Telesoft. Hybritech, a bit-
technology company, was 
recently sold to the 
phannaceuticais giant Eli Lilly for 
$600 million ; and ISSCO, a 
computer software firm, was 
recently sold to Computer 
Associates intemationallnc. Co. 
for $69 million. ~ 

THE 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE's 

) 

(\-
ARMLOAD SALE 

A.KA. 
"The Wh~tever You C~n C~rry in ~n Armload Sale" 

$6.00 on Nov. 19 - 9:00-4:30 
$6.00 on Nov. 10 - 9:00-4:30 
$3.00 on Nov. 11 - ' 9:00-11:00 

ALL VARIETIES OF BOOKS 
OUTSIDE. SOUTHEAST CORNER OF BOOKSTORE 

Books are Non-refundable and Non-returnable 

(If you don't find enough to make it worth your while, 
we will refund your admission charge 

or you may purchase Individual books at $1 each.) 

This holiday seaslll, 
get the"Write Stuff" 

at the right price. 
Now you can get the compelitive 

edge when classes begin in January. With a 
Macintosh'" personal computer, and all the 
UTile extras, 

We call It the Macintosh ''Wrile Sluff' 
bundle. You 'll call it a great deal! Because 
when you buy a Macintosh "Write Stuff" 
bundle before January 9, 1987. you' lI receive 
a bundle of extras-and save $250. 

Not only will you get your choice of a 
Macintosh SI2K Enhanced or a Macintosh 
Plus, you 'll also get an Image Writer'" II 
printer, the perfect solution for producing 
near letter·quality term papers or reports, 
complete with graphs, charts, and 
illustrations. 

Plus, you 'll get MacLightning, 
the premier spelling checker con-
taining an 80,000 word dictIOnary 

with opt ions for 

thesaurus, medical or legal dictionaries, 
Together with your favorite Maeimosh word 
processing software, you can transform 
your notes into the dearest, most leller 
perfect papers you ever turned out. And 
turned in on time. 

What's more, there's a Macintosh 
Support Kit filled with valuable accessories 
and computer care products from 3M,' 
Complete with all the things you need to 
keep your Macintosh running long after 
you've graduated. 

l.et us show you how to get through 
college beller. faster, and smarter Stop in 
and see us for more information, 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 am - 5:15 pm 

Saturday 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
534-4291 

'fI/Ir llootI .ow ,.",... I.IuI ~II<J ~ """"', ... ,'" vr* ,." "" "If>/< ""'" , .. "Ii-"..;, ... rls" "If>/< c._ ,'" 
,....~.nJ""..,'i'hIIr~rflhU'~q,W1It OJIHf'NI..., /Jt( IIIKLfl,w",r¥' u, ~r' f/'»~!"INrm, f1tC-



8 Monday, Novemocr 10, 1986 

Admit it you are Beatrice! 
By SEAN KENEFICK. Copy Editor 

I GUESS you could say that it wid them how Oingo , Boingo aU started in the summer of said backwar~s IS We re Beatnee. 1984. Flore nce Henderson Then they said I ~vas, a God-
was smiling and chatting about d~mned loon . I dldn t need 

Interstate 405. 
Upon reaching the warehouse, 

1 was stopped at a guard's 
station. Welcoming me was a 
large, ugly (and downright mean 
looking) securiry guard . He 
spoke first. "What you want?" 

"Wessonality." Suddenly, without fnends anyway. I needed an 
I I arm)'. warn ing, a itt e red box 

appeared at the botrom of the One day though , while on a 
television screen and a female reaUy rad mushroom trip , I I resolved to be finn and to 

not back down. My voice was 
clear and without fear: "I want to 

voice crooned, We're Beatrice . I pondered about becomming a 
became confused. I knew part of Beatrice. I decided 1 had 
something was wrong but 1 ...... .,..,.-----------==",...-----..., 
couldn't quite place it. How was I 
to know that name was to haunt 
me in my darkest sleep , was to 
attack me without noti ce at any 
given time? How was anybody to 
know what horror and despair 
those rwo little words would 
inflict upon the human race? 
We 're Beatrice. 

In a matter of months, We 're 
Beatrice had spread like the black 
plague upon thirteenth century 
Europe. deansers, peanut butter, 
and even no-stick-cookware 
soon belonged to dear Beatrice. 
Who is this Beatrice chick, 1 
often asked myself, and what is 
she up w? 

Chills would run up and down 
my spine as I waited for the 
finale of commercials during 
General Hospital and All My 
Children . Were they or weren't 
they? Had Beatrice acquired 
them too? Needless to say, 1 
stopped watching television. 
Then things were fi ne for a 
while. A short while. 

Beatrice started to appear in 
newspapers. I stopped reading 
the Los Angeles Times . 1 stopped 
looking at Playboy . Who knew 
when a Beatrice pictorial would 
rum up? GroceI)' stores began to 
scare me. I began to loathe 
ShIrley Jones. 

New Coke appeared on the 
market and I was convinced that 
It was Beatrice's doing. 1 turned 
to alcohol and drugs. My grades 
fell , but it didn't seem to matter. 
I began w bum Beatrix Potter 
books on the Plaza. 1 saw less of 
my parents because they used 
Wesson for flying. [ lost touch 
WIth my friends . They all said I 
was paranoid. That was until 1 

• SELF-SERVICE 

• PRIVATE 
• VHS OR BETA 

• BlANKS AVAILABLE 

DUPUCATION CENTER 
1202 Camino Del Mar 

259-6789 

"Cleaners, peanut butter, and even no-stick cookware soon belonged to 
dear Beatrice. " 

better quit doing c.!rugs. I went to 
Shick. 1 would have gone to Betty 
Ford's , but it started with a 'b.' 

see Bearrice." 
Frowning, the wanna-be-mass-

murderer asked me to wait. He 
was on the phone for only an 
instant then he turned back to 
me and led me through the front . 
gate . I finally arrived in front of 
Beatrice's office. A metal detector 
stood between me and the 
entrance to hell . Thirty security 
men buzzed about. Secretaries 
and business men just went 

While on drugs, 1 had almost 
been lost. Now sober, I decided 
to confront my phobia once and 
for aIL 1 discovered that 
Beatrice's headquarters was in an 
old abandoned warehouse in Los 
Angeles. 1 packed up a pistol (l 
was to do what was necessary) 
and cruised toward my rival on 

MAKE KINKO'S 
YOUR BINDING CONTACT 

Organize reports , presentations, manuscripts, manuals 
and more. Add the professional touch with special 
bindings at Kinko's. 

• VELO -SPIRAL 

kinko·s® 
457-3775 

M-Th 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

La Jolla Village Convenience Center 

---------------------------

I 
BUCK-A-BIND 
$1 velo or spiral binding 

( first W card stock cover) 

Expires: 11 / 30/86 

457-3775 
8855 Vill~ L~ JolI~ Dr. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

(near flolphs/Sav On) I 
I ~-------------------------~ 

about their business. 
1 had my pistol in the crotch 

of my pants. Not only was it 
uncomfortable , but it also 
couldn't get through the metal 
detector. Needless to say, people 
were already staring. I couldn't 
just whip-it-out. I knew that I 
had to work fast. 1 had to pull 
my best trick 1 had to go with 
my best shot. I decided to go full 
force. 

"Dynasty is being pre-emptcd 
by the Donny and Marie in Alaska 
special! Pull off all 
advertisements! " 

Panic hit. I threw myself 
through twisting and screaming 
limbs past the metal detector and 
worked my way into Beatrice's 
office. I found that the situation 
was much worse than I had 
expected. She was sitting behind 
a large desk which had a metal 
sheet of biscuits cooling on it. 
Her gray hair was wrapped 
tightly around her head. Her 
chubby hands greedily clutched 
an unfriendly takeover form with 

the name Kellogg's scrawled on 
it. Her apron was covered with 
baking flour . She was wearing a 
hideous flowered pattern as a 
dress. She looked up and smile. 

"Well now, we've been 
expecting you." 

I began to weep. I suppose I 
had known aU along. Only one 
woman could have done all this . 
1 knew then that all was lost. 

"Aunt Sea ... " was all I could 
stutter. 

"Yes, it's me." She shifted her 
shawl upon her shoulders, then 
paused for a moment. I knew 
that I was about to hear the 
whole God awful story. 

"It all started with that stupid 
flower contest. I lost, you know, 
and I should have won. My 
flowers were the best, you see, 
and everyone knew it." Her face 
flushed, and then she became 
pensive. "Andy helped me out 
with the whole thing. He got the 
Ritz Cracker deal. From there it 
was easy. Wesson came next. 

Please turn to page 9 

HEALTH CARE -
SOCIAL ISSUES 

and LAW &: SOCIETY 
Attention ALL UCSD STUDENTS interested in these 
interdisciplinary programs but unable to declare them as minors 
due to college rules on contiguity and overlapping coursework: 
A new way to receive credit for these courses is available to you. 
A TRANSCRIPT NOTA nON may be added to your 
university records certifying completion of the coursework in 
these programs. . 
To be eligible, consult: 

Dr. Ann L. Wood, Coordinator 
Interdisciplinary Programs 

405 WC, 534-1704 

Sports Law 
Entertainment Law 
International Law 

2-Year Graduation Option 
Please meet Dean Michael Dessent of 

California Western 
School of Law 

San Diego 

Wednesday, November 12 
11:00 am - 2:00 pm 

Career Services Center Plaza 
UCSD Pre-Law Conference 

Beatrice 
Continued from page 8 
Florence owed me one. 

"Then things gOl heavy. We 
needed the support of the 
American people. So we put an 
old 'S-Movie' actor in the White 
House. Andy and Ronnie have 
been friends for years . 
Everything Mr. President does, 
he does for me ." Her face began 
to beam withlride and her eyes 
became glaze as she 
remembered more and more of 
the past. 

"We all gOt into it, you know. 
All of Maybury was involved. The 
President got the old people . The 
tax reform program got the 
middle-aged. We got the baby 
boomers by creating yuppies. . 
Gomer Pyle got the military. We 
gOt the children as soon as we 
took over Malt-O-Meal and Peter 
Pan Peanut Butter. The high 
school and college students were 
the most difficult to control. 
That's where Opie came in. He 
spliced pictures of starving 
Africans into his movie about the 
mermaid; you know, honey, the 
one where Daryl Hannah shows 
her buns ... . Subliminal messages 
made Live-Aid work wonders for 
us. Gave us enough money to 
buy 55 percent of IBM's stock. 
You know Georgie? Georgie 
Orwell? He was in on it. But 
then he lost his nerve and wrote 
that stupid book. But he didn't 
know everything. He thought 
Andy was going to be in the big 
picture. He was wrong. I'm 
running the whole show, now. 

"You know it won't be much 
longer. Give me the gun . Join us. 
Be at peace with us . .. give me 
the gun .. .. " 

Yes, it's true. I joined them. 
And it's better this way. So please 
do come aboard, won't you? 
Youll see me recruiting every day 
in ReveUe Plaza. Just like the 
flower lady, I got speCial 
permission to be there an the 
time. Because John Riley is 
Beatrice. Joe Watson is Beatrice. 
Atldnson is Beatrice. We're all 
Beatme. ~ 

STUDENT/YOUTH 
TRAVEL 

EXPERTS! 
ADVENlUREn 
FLY ON SCHEDULED AIRLINES 

aUDGl1' TOURS n 
RAIL PASSES & HOSTEl CARDS 

ow. lOG OFfICU 
& INn STUDENT 1.0 . CARDS 

~srUDfNr r.AVfL NfTWOll/C 
Call UI at (6 19) 2'6-1322 

6447 II Colon II.' San OIefIa9211S 

BECOME A LICENSED 
PROFESSIONAL 

PSYCHOLOGIST 
Marriagel Family' Child • Counselor 

Obtain Your SA/MA, PH.D. 
Reasonable Tuition - Supportive 

Enlilronment 

EVENING AND WEEKEND CUSSES 
Four Convenient Learning Centers 

SAN DrEGO LOS ANGELES 
ORANGE COUNTY VISTA 

'H( nOUSSIO"ll SCHOOL 
Of rslCHOlQ;IClt SlUDIIS 

$1tI. 'foprhtO '~r ' P1, ~"J~~, ANI .. , c C 
lun, .... 

1· 100·824 · 7229 

NEED 
EXTRA 
INCOME? 

~ 
PYRAMID 

BIOLOGICAL 

Men & Women Ages 18 to 65 
Give Blood or Join our 

PI_ma Program 
CASH PAID 

Blood Donors: $10 per donation, 1.0, required. Do not 
eat fried or fatty foods before donating, 
Plasma Donora: $12 per donation, First donation 
requires an appointment fO/' your physical. , 
Special Antigen/Antibody Program for 

people exposed to HepaHtl' B 

PYRAMID BIOLOOICAL CORPORATION 
525 Hawthorn Street, Suite 12 (between 5th. 6th Ave.) 

San Diego, California 92101 • (819) 233-4481 
OPEN: Mon .. Tues., Thurs., Fri 7 am - 5:3Q pm 

Closed Wed .. Sat .. Sun. 
Pyramid BloIoglcolporporotion Is a blood bank and plasma antibody center 
dedicated to serving our community and world-wide health related 
organization' 

Monday, Novembtr 10, 1986 9 
FEA,TURES 

Are you considering professional school? 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 

JOHN F. KENNEDY 
SCHOOL OF GOVERNMENT 

Is Looking for Future Leaders in Public Affairs, 
Come Learn About Harvard's Two- Year Master's 

Program in Public Policy, Leading to either 
the Master in Public Policy or 

City and Regional Planning Degree, 

Joint Degree Options and Cross-Registration 
Opportunities with Other Schools 

Meet with Dean Calvin Mosley 
DATE: Monday, November 17 
TIME: 9:00 & 10:00 a.m. groups 
LOCATION: Please contact your Career 

Placement Office for this information. 

AU Students, All Mainrs, All Years Welcome! 

STUDENT COUPON SPECIAL 

5 Plays for only $15! 
Gershwin/Kaufman musical 

0f Thee I Sing 

"Of TIlEE 1 SING" OPENS NOVEMBER 141 
REDEEM YOUR COLJPONS NOW\ 

CALL 534-4574 
TicketS: $5 - $10 

YOU PICK AND CHOOSE WHAT TO SEE AND SAVE 40%! 

Simply purchase the discount 5-Coupon Book 
NOW and redeem for tickets LATER, at your 
convenience! See 5 plays or take 4 friends with 
you to see one play-it's all up to you all season 
long. 

CALL 534-3793 NOW 
Season opens November 14 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . - - - . - - - - - - - DETACH HERE - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Name ________________ College 

Address _______________ Class Level 

City Zip ______ Phone 

I want ___ 5-Coupon Books at S 15.00 each ~ $ ____ _ 
Enclose a check made payable to U.c. REGENTS and a stamped, ~clf- addrc~~cd cnvcllllw and MAIL TO: 
UCSD THEATRE, ATTN: SUBS RIPTlON, B-044, LA J.OLLA, CA, 9~093. 

. , 



1 0 Monday, Novrmber 10, 1986 

UCSD gets a double kick out of soccer 
Men's team follows last year's script, beats Claremont in regionals, 2-1 

"11 was a very fine goal," said Claremont head coach Steve Davis of UCSD 's first goal scored by Carricn Brewster (21). 

Tritons win in shootout 
Women on their 
way to Rochester 
By CHARLES TABESH. Staff Writer 

START spreadin' the news. The UCSD Tritons are on their way to New York. No, 
not New York Ciry - Rochester, 
New York to be exact. But 
nobody on the women's soccer 
team is complaining because 
they'll be there to play in the 
third round of the Division III 
playoffs. 

After receiving a bye in the 
first round , UCSD had to beat 

Cardinals played through 
regulation and two ove rtimes 
with neither team able to score. 
Finally, in the shootout, Triton 
goalie Heather Mcisaac slapped 
away the shot by St. Mary's Sue 
Stephan to give UCSD the 
advantage. After making their last 
two shots, the players were able 
to celebrate. The fans at Warren 
Field poured OntO the field and 
the team poured the champagne. 

By A UClA AGOS 

T HE mood of the men's soccer team after the Saturday playoff win over 
Claremont-Mudd was one of 
extreme joy ... joy mixed with 
incredible relief. After an intense , 
scrappy 2-1 Triton victory, an 
elated Scott Srrommer said, "This 
is a dream come true for us. It 
was Claremont or nothing. 
Nothing can stop us now. We're 
very stoked for next week." 

UCSD goals were produced by 
midfielder Carrick Brewster and 
forward joe Giacalone. Brewster 
commented on an issue that has 
almost hung over UCSD's head. 
Traditionally, the winner of the 
seasonal match-up has lost it all 
in the playoffs, and, as Brewster 
remarked, "This is the first year 
we 've won both." 

UCSD played a tight game, 
both offensively and defenSively. 
Midfielder Srrommer, fullback 
Paul Carlson, and hallback Gary 
Dodge kept Claremont at a 
reasonable distance from 
goalkeeper Greg Stadler. After the 

game, Dodge said, "We came out 
fighting as hard as we could . 
Derek (coach Armstrong) told us 
we didn't have to play pretry as 
long as we won." Forwalds 
Giacalone, Robert Paterson, 
Bubba Wingate, and the man 
who holds a permanent place in 
the hearts of everyone at CMC, 
Greg Schwarz, came through 
with some aggreSSive offe nse . 

The UCSD fans moved 
themselves one-up on the 
Claremonters in terms of crowd 
control and team support. The 
small but exceptionally rowdy 
San Diego contingency outshined 
the demure and rather weak 
Claremont crowd. Between 
boasts of Friday night alcoholic 
escapades, one CMC'er even 
admitted, "Yeah, our side is 
really dead: 

UCSD, on the other hand , is 
alive and well . And Sunday, 
November 16 at 1 pm on Warren 
Field, the Tritons take on St. 
john's of Minnesota in the 
Western Regional final. ~ 

the St. Mary's Cardinals to get 
where they are, and they did it 
the hard way. The Tritons and 

The game started Ou[ looking 
good for the Tritons. Led by the 

Please tum to page 12 
Brewster headed the baU over Claremont Greg McDonald (3) and goalie Steve in vain as the baUjloated 
in the net. Robert Patterson and Brewster (21 ) hug in elation as a dejected Mati Kinney (18) vvalks avvay. 

Adriene Clark 

London School of Economics 
and Political Science 

A chance to study and live in London 
Junior-year programs, Postgraduate Diplomas, One-
Year Master's Degrees and Research Opportunities in 
the Social Sciences. 
The wide range of subjects includes:-
Accounting and Finance • Actuarial Science • Busi-
ness Studies • Economics • Econometrics • 
Economic History. European Studies . Geography . 
Government. Health Ptanning • Housing . Industrial 
Relations . In ternat ional History. International Rela-
tions • Law • Management Science • Operational 
Research. Philosophy, Logic & Scientif ic Method. 
Population Studies • Politics • RltQional and Urban 
Planning. Sea-Use Policy . Social Administration . 
Social Anthropology • Social Planning in Developing 
Countries. Social Work . Sociology . Social Psychol -
ogy • Statistical and Mathematical Sciences . 
Systems Analysis . 
Application forms from: 
Admissions Reglstr.r. Room 10. L.S.E .• 
Houghton Street , LondOn WC2A 2AE. England. 
stating whether undergraduate or pOStgraduate. 

LSE 

r;===Ir;:====~ ===== ===:::;i1 ===::;iI 
PUT YOUR 

COLLEGE DEGRE E 
TO WORK. 

Air Force Officer Training School 
is an excellent start to a 
challenging career as an Air 
Force Officer We offer great 
starting pay, medical care, 30 
days of vocation with pay each 
year and management 
opportunities. Contact an 
Air Force recruiter. Find out what 
Officer Train ing School can mean 
for you. Call 

(714) 382-6219 collect 

MontJOy, Novembtr 10, J 986 -1'1 

SPORTS 

Women's volleyball wins 
in NCAA preview match 

affect their national ranking, but 
it will also knock them down to 
the second-seeded team in this 
weekend's Western Regional 
playoff tournament. The Western 

"UCSD, to US, is 
nation, " 

understand why both teams are 
at the top of the Division m 
heap. 

"UCSD is, to us, the best team 
in the country," said Taylor, "and 

the best team in the 
-Taylor MENLO College coach Malcolm Taylor saw this game as just another 

typical Menlo-UCSD encounter. 
But to the several vocal partisans 
attending the final match of the 
Seagram's Cooler Classic this 
game was appropriately a 
"classic ." 

"The matchups between our 
teams are great," said Taylor 
whose team had jus~ lost a 
stomach-paralyzing clash in five 
games, 18-16, 6-15 , 7-15, 15-2, 
15-13. "The amazing thing about 
our matches with UCSD is the 
way each team keeps coming 
from behind . UCSD is a great 

team but it's hard to get upset 
when you lose a match like this 
to a team as good as they are." 

Menlo College was ranked 
number one in the nation in 
Division UI women's volleball 
before their meeting with the 
Tritons . Due to their loss 
Saturday night, it will nor only 

Regionals wiII be held Thursday 
through Saturday, November 13 
throught 15, in Triton Pavillion . 

This was the third encounter 
between Menlo and UCSD this 
season, and from the scores of 
their three meetings it's easy to 

we gauge ourselves accordingly. 
UCSD has so many good players 
it's hard to pinpoint any 
weaknesses on their ream. They 
have four or five hitters who hit 
the ball hard . I respect their 
balance and they have a hell of a 
lor of fireDown" ~ 

BJ's Chicago Pizzeria/Guardian Sports Trivia Quiz ' 
1. Name the first professional basketball team Julius 
Erving played for. 
2. The Syracuse Nationals are now the NBA __ _ 
3. Name the Los Angeles Lakers starting center before 
Kareem AbdulJabbar joined the club. 
.... How many sC0ring titles did Bob McAdoo win as a 
member of the Buffalo Braves? 
5. Los Angeles Lakers' coach Pat Riley was the first round 
draft choice of what team? 
6. Boston Celtic guard Dennis Johnson played on the 
same high school basketball team with w.hat current Los 
Angeles Dodger? 
7. Who said the following?: "Winfield goes back to the 
wall. He hits his head on the wall and it rolls offl It's 
rolling all the way back to second base'" 
8 . Manute Bol and Spud Webb played on what United 
States Basketball League team? 
9. In their first few years of operation, the San Diego 

Rise PRESENTS •.. 

Last week's winner 
Joe Henn 

Major. Applied Mathematics 
Hometown: Cypress, CA 

ALL-CAL WINTER CARNIVAL 
December 13-20 

Ski package includes: _ 

smith 

5 full days skiing; 5 nights (7 for air); 
deluxe accomodatlons: two dances; two 
mountain picnics; slalom face: broom ball; 
AJI-Cal t-shlrts and more, 
Costs are only $324 - bus, $453 - air 
Buy your tickets the first week and 
be eligible 'to win a free pair of Rossignol 
skis 1 
Tickets on sale nOYJ at the Box Office. 

o~."..., 
--' 

SALOMON 

Conquistadors of the American Basketball Association 
(ABA) played their home games where? 
10. Name the Los Angeles Lakers' starting lineup of the 
sixth game of the NBA Championship series of the 
1979-1980 season. 

Answers to last week's quiz 
1. Both never attended college. (Both also had bald heads). 
2. Rosey Grier, Merlin Olsen, Deacon jones, Lamar Lundy 
3. Ray Guy in 1973 . 
4. Chuck Knox of the Seattle Seahawks 
5. Babe PariUi and Tom Flores 
6. Kansas Ciry Chiefs 
7. Fred Williamson 
8 . Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Colts 
9 . Pi.ttsburgh Pirates, Houston Astros or Atlanta Braves. All are 
correct answers. 
lO. Stanford Cardinals, New England Patriots, San Francisco 
4gers, Oakland/ Los Angeles Raiders: 

Monday Night Is 
UCSD COWGE NIGHT 

FREE ADMISSION 
with valid student I.D. 

TONIGHT, NOV. 10 
fro", Orange County 

SECRET SERVICE 

From 8:30-11 pm 
NAME YOUR DRINK $1.25 

Beer. Wine. House Champagne. 
Well and Call Drinks 

• 

• 



12 Monday, November 10, 1986 
SPORTS 

Soccer 
Continued from page 10 
hustling Chris Ladish, they 
consistently applied pressure to 
the Cardinals. But after failing to 
score in the first half. Coach 
John Leaney felt a change was 
needed. 

team scoring during regulation . 

The best opponuni ty for either 
team to win came in the first 
ovenime. With 2:40 left, UCSD 
got a penalty kick from in front 
of the Cardinal goal. The shot 
was blocked, however, by a waU 
of St. Mary's defenders, setti ng 
the stage for the shootou!. 

core , it didn't happen ... " a 
dejected St. Mary's coach Dan 
Blank said. St. Mary's had only 
three shots on goal this game. 

In a curious move, Leaney 
took Ladish out of the game for 
most of the second half. "I had 
10 get one of my scorers in 
there : he explained. The 
strategy. however, didn't work. 
The second half was played 
much more evenly, with neither 

All season long, the strength of 
UCSD has been their defense . 
They had fifteen shutouts in 
their twenty·cwo games, never 
allowing more than two goals. 
And Sunday they continued in 
this respect. ' We got tired. We 
were looking for opponunities to 

But the opponunities were 
there for UCSD; they just 
couldn't take advantage. Leaney 
felt this was d ue to the players' 
nervousness, something they'll 
have to correct when they get to 
New York. 

Luckily for the Tritons, 
McIsaac, who wasn't chaUenged 
at aU until the shootout, came 
through with her clutch save, 
sending the team to the Big 
Apple (well , close anyway). ~ Joe Giacalone shouts with glee after scoring UCSD's winning goal. 

----------------------------------, EUROPEAN CYCLES 
STUDENT~ 
SPECIALSIII'U 

Up to 50% off all bicycles, frames & components 
TUDe up special $29.95 (reg. $54.95) 

Including professional service, 2 new tires & tu bes and replacing all brake cables 
Wheel Lacing $19.95 (reg. $28.50) 

Professional service, DT stainless steel spokes, parts & labor 

Acces.ories & more 
Water bottl_ SI .99 
Reg. $2.95 
ID.er tut.. (any .ize) SI.99 
Reg. $3.75 
bfal hp pump $9.95 
Reg. $14.95 
Lycr. claamo;' .Iaorta $19.95 
Reg. $39.95 

VittoN cycli.g .hoee $39.95 
Reg. $59.00 
Cat. Eye ... 1 .. computer $49.95 
Reg. $59.95 

Spec~ed 4000 turbo 
Irniae ... 599.95 
Reg. $139.95 

I 
I 
I 
I 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I Hurry while supply lasts I 

755 T urquoi.e St. , Pacific Beach (La JoBa) 488-3525 I 
OpeD 7 day. I 

---------------------------------~ 
IUGH FINANCE, HIGH RENT, IUGH STAKES 

ONOPOL 
TOURNAMENT 

IRiiON PUB: WID .• N()VDIIIIR 12.5 PM 

WNW.,W 
OPEN TO UCSD FACULTY, S1UDENI'S & STAFF 

FREE. LIMITED TO FIRST 30 SIGN-UPS 
FUN. PRIZES . A CHANCE TO COMPETE IN 

THE NATIONAL PARKER BROS. TOURNAMENT 

Sign up and details at x44037 
Canyonview Administrative Ottlces 
Department of PhySical Education 

MONOPOLY is the registered trademark of 
Parker Brothers, DMslon 01 CPG Products 
Corp. tor its real estate trading game 

Qampua recr.atlon equipment and Is used by Its pennisslon. 

II 

The home of the 
3~¢ hatnburger. 

F 

'--:-;" ,,, , '" ~~J!,m 
I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
ALL AMERICAN MEAL 

Quarter Pounder® with C h eese, Large Fry, 
Medium·Size oft Drink t ,t~h \ ,llu~ 1 !\' ,II I • ,'n l II 

II Llnllt on\: Cll upon )"\.' r II cus tnnll'r , r'~r visit. Pt\.'as\.' 
rrl'Sl"nt l'c'1upu n whl'n I I orJl'rmg. Nor va hJ Wi th any 

Just $1.99 11 
(plus tax) II 

II <lth"r otkr. Only at: II 
II 7140 Miramar Rd. II 

lml3::~::; "~" 
--___ .i.iiiii 

S.n ~,.o (/¥f.J 
._.I .• iiiiii_._.iii 

InlormatioD & Academic Ubrarles 
Strategies For Doing Ubrary Research 

Faster and Better 

Contemporary Issues 50 
WINTER QUARTER 1981 

Section A: 
Tuesday 8t Thursday 
9:00-9:50 am. 
Humanldes! 

Undergraduate 
Ubraty Budding 

Room 2100 
2 units 
Instructor: ChrIs Fellluson 

If you have questions 
conc:emlni this course, contact 

ChrIs faJIuson 
at the Underilraduaa IJbnuy 

or at 534-1209. 

SruDENTS WHO HAVE TAREN CISO SAY: 
''I'd recommend this class to anyone (just about) - most 
people aren't aware of the wealth of sources available in 
libraries." 

"Many have asked me about this class, and I don't hesitate to 
teU them what a fantastic and useful one it is." 

"The class is invaluable to anyone serious about developing 
research techniques and skills . , .. " 

~ 
" o. 

..c: 

~ 

Monday, November 10, 1986 13 
SPORTS 

Up~oming events. • • Surf team ttyouts 
Date Event Location Time 

All men and women surfers, pm in HSS 2152. New surf team 
Nov. 13 W. Basketball vs. Mira Costa CC (5) UC5D TBA .knee ·boarder s and bod y coach Ed Machado will be 
Nov. 13·15 W. Volleyball NCAA Regionals Triton Pav. TBA boarders interested in trying·out holding try-outs for this year's 
Nov. 15 M. &r W. Cross Country NCAA Division 1lI for the UCSD surf team should team on Saturday, November 15. attend a mandatory meeting Phone 534·4032 for more 

Western Regionals UCSD 11 am Thursday. November 13 at 7:30 information. ~ 
Nov. 15 M. Soccer Regional Final vs. St. John's Warren Fld. 1 pm 

UrtlQUf KfVlfW COORSf 
rOR THf rtfXf: 

MCAT 
• Taught ~ run by medical 

students on campus. 

• Take·home practice exams 
and materials, 

• Science review. stategies and 
advice on the med essay, 
applications, personal 
statement. 

· 15 class sessions on weekends; 
limited enrollment; begins 
Jan 10, cost $195, 

• I"Iot affiliated with the UCSD 
School of Medicine, 

To enroll write or all: 
JllCAT Review CoUl"le 
1976 Garnet AveDue. 

Suite S757 
SM Diego. CA 92109 

(619) 17l~1 

~aCcod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

HAIRCUTS 

$7.50 
, " );.\ 

',; I"' 

PERMS 

$23.50 
. _ ,Jvj 
• ; I • 

QAIIIEMONT SQUME 
(NEXT TO VONS) 27 ... 3600 

MIlA MESA 
(NEXT TO PIZZA HUT) 566-6100 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTII£ 

(ACROSS FROM MNIN THEATRE) 
AI&-GI2O 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
AIfIf. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILAILE 

WHEN ARE 
YOU GOING 

TO START 
WORKING ON 

"Ir-
RENT A PRNAlE WORK 
STATlON ONLY MINUTES 
FROM CAMPUS TO 00 
YOUR CREAllVE 'WRmNG 
ON IBM SELECTRIC 
TYPEWRITERS. YOUR 
S5/HOUR RENTAL FEE 
INCUDES: 

e FREE PAPER 
e COMFORTABlE CHAIR 
eANDDESK 
e REFERENCE BOOKS 

\NE ARE OPEN EVERYDA YI 

( CLONE)cc 
DUPLICATION CENTER 
1202 Camino Del Mar 

259-6789 

1------------, 
: Buy One Get One 
1 
I 
I FREE 

Any Sandwich 
(one coupon per person) 

Expires June 12, 1987 

~\-\)GGoi's' 
Chicago-Style 

Gourmet Dogs 
& Burgers 

• 
Tuesday Nite 
Bear Games 

I 
I 
I 
I 

'y~~ : (yG~ «-'7 I 
':Jq, <>(C' I G~<t- './-. I 

q,y 459·5536 ~~I 
1 I 
I 6980 LA JOLLA BLVD. I L ____________ • 

!~~ 
TEST __ ATlOH Sl'EClALISTS SIOCE -

Call Days. Eves & Weekends 

.. 780 Clairemont 
Mesa Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 
92117-2006 

(619) 277·6744 

MARY McNULlY 
Administrator 

.......... t.IIIM .... '* 111 .... U S c.n I MMIIII 
,. ................ i&IIMIn 

0111_ • Y STATI tAU YOU FIlII _nJ·17Il 

rrontiers of Science Course 
-- Winter Qtr., 1981 

STUDENT -FACULTY SEMINARS 
Sponsored by Revelle College to promote student/faculty interaction in a smaU setting 
(15 students max. ). Open to students at all levels and from all colleges. Seminars are 
for 0 units and typically meet three times in an informal setting. Consult your class 
schedule or call Joan Sheridan (x41571) for more details. 

------- rrontiers of Science 141 
rrontiers of Meteorology 

InStructor: Dr. Hans Panofsky 
course Code: 6090 HSS 2321 
tu-Th 200-3:50 p.m. 

hysical science. 
Mereorology as a P d its limits. 1_~lh r 'orecasting an ,t Wc:;GI.Ile I' di(icatio n• Cllma e 
Weather mo d future. Man's effect 
variation, past an uclear winrer). Air 
on climare (C(1, n,ftIIU Acid rain. The 
pollution meteoro~· 
ozone problem. 

lslte ~veUe lower division 
Pftnqu s I'--ent orequivalent. science requ ,~ •• 

uIred texts MfTlOROLOOY by 
Reel Anthes Miller (Memll) 

a4ed texts ATMOSPlffRIC ~~Cf-Al"f INTRODUCTORY
obb SURveYbyJ.M. ~NP.V,n s 

(Acldemic rress) 

Revelle Seminars for Winter 1987 (0 units) 

Instructor: J. Fonvillre. CoUIK - 10. San. A, 1·4 pm, Jan s. 11. 26. Mandeville 6-110 
Tht CrNtlVt Pt:ifOnrtD' in Music: The perfonncr/ composer is making a resurgence in our 
musical culture. We will look at these new artists and their work and discuss possible 
aesthetic/ sociologic issues. 

Insuuctor: O. FrcUeldu. Courx _ 10. Sem. B, 10-11 noon, Jan ll, 10, 27, RCPO· 
""' ... Gmeric Enp«rtng is AI About Genetic engineering is a technological breakthrough 
with profound medical and economic implicatiO ns ror all people. Learn how it's done, what 
its limits may be. and why it's so exciting. H.S. biology is a sufficient background . 

Insauctor: C. Gibaon. Courx - 10. Sem. C, 11·1 pm. Jan S, 11, 16. RCPO· 
rurtJulmct In tilt 0cNn: Discuss the difficulties and importance of measuring and 
interpreting small scale turbulence In the ocean. 

Instructor: E. Jordan. Courx II 10. Sem. 0 3·4:30 pm. Jan 8. n . 22, RCPO· 
Plaum \IS, Words: Art/L11tnItll1't. We'll explore how what we see supports or contradias 
what we hear or read. using slides and short readings. 

Instnu::tDr: R. Lewin. Count - : 10. San. E, 10-11 nooa, Jan 8, 15, 21, RCPO· 
EJt:,.n-.t1S with UnI·C"'" AIle ThcorcdcaI lind PrCIcticlll AppIIuIimu. 

Intuuaor: R. H. PeIrCe. COlIne 1# 10. Sem. F 2·4 pill, Jan 6, 13. 10, RCPO· 
WIll ... C.rtos WUII.fts. MD.: One of 4· 5 prinCipal American modernist poets cenual to 
the invention and development of the modem style of poetry. He was also a day·to-day, 
often mght-lQonight praaicing physician. The professor will read with you some of hi~ 
theories about being a docror and also some of his poems. 

lIutNdor: S. Rodefu. Coune - 10. Sem. H. 2·4 pm, Jm 14, 11, 18, Bmaoi RID., DqK. of 
.dal CoUectlons, umn! LibraI)' 

New WrltIllS Volet ,.", ... 

InlUUctor: I. Scbcfller. Courx - 10. Sem. J. 1·3 pm, Jan 7. 14, 11, RCPO· 
M..,u., tlv Hu ..... CO-IIIt: There are 50-100.000 genes in the human genome. which is 
subdivided into 13 chromosomes {in a gamete}. A genetic map lOr humans is slowly 
emerging from a combination of molecular biOlogy and somaic ceO geneticS, i.e. geneticS 
without sex. Genes associated with genelic diseases are being isolated based on such 
information. Implications for biology and medicine will be discussed. (Note: some 
background in molecular biOlogy and genetics would be benefiCial). 

irutNdor: W. Tho...-IL Counc " 10. Sem. K, 10-11 noon, Jan. 7, 14. 11, RCPO· SII. 0/ 1\' ... to COllIe An attempt to speculate about future technological developmcnlS 
and their CtTcCIS. 

I_aor: M. Wlcncbin. Coune II: 10. San. l, 5-6 pm, Jan. 6, 8, 13, U , RCPO· 
What • ".. rells: A discourse aboul lhe symbolic and psychological implications of 
magic 'children's tales." 

·Rt¥dIc Coil. I'rovOIl's Office 



-
14 Monday, November 10, 1986 

ON A '·PACK OF TE[ATE BEER 
AND GET THIS [ATE 
T-SHIRT FOR ONLY $4.95 

. : .. :::' .:: ... ~ 
. .... :.' . 

" ," 

,- ' .. , 

.•. • ·1 '" 
....... 

" : .. : .. 

'!' ; 

. ' .~ .. :: . : ,, - ~ . ... ,"" . 

.. '.: . 

" ,,~i;':'(~i~;,.;;,;.~7~'·' i', , " 
. : -' :::.:~':.: .• :.-.> ~«. ~. ~ ~ . 

I MANUFACTlJRER'S COUPON - NO EXPIRATION DATE I T EXCLUSIVE CLUB TECATE T-SHIRT I 
SAVE50¢ 

ON A SIX PACK OF 
TECATE 

I 
FOR $4.95 BY MAIL I 

To order, complete this mail-in certificate, enclose $4.95 (check or . 

I money order payable to ASSOCIATED MARKETING) for each T-Shirt I ordered, and mail to: 
. Club Tecate T-Shirt Offer 

Santa Ana, CA 92704 I 
2220 S. Huron Drive 

CONSUMER: Redeem this coupon only on the brand I am ordering T-shirt(s) and have enclosed $ ___ --'--_ 
specified. Limit one coupon per purchase. Any other use I Indl'cate size(s) desired' Adult S M L XL 
constitutes fraud. DEALER: Invoices proving purchases . - - - """-
01 sufficient stock to cover coupons presented must be Send my Club Tecate T-Shirt(s) to: 
shown on reQuest. failure to do so voids all coupons. I Name Coupons may not be transferred or reproduced. Sales --______ -:=:_-=--:-:-~~:__-------
tax must be paid by customer. Void wherever prohibited, (Please Print Clearly) 
taxed or restricted. Send lor reimbursement 01 lace value Address ___________ _ ___ ___ ....;;;;...;... _ _ 
plus 8¢ handling to: WISDOM IMPORT SALES CO., I 
P.O. Box 730904, EI Paso, TX 79973. City State Zip _ ___ _ 

8 9 .D. 2 6 1 0 0 0 11 OFFER GOOD ONLY IN U.S.A. VoId where restricted or prohibited by law. This mall-In c ~certlflcate must accompany your reQUest and it may not be duollcated. Offer good until 
June 30,1987, or while supplies last. Please allow 6 to 8 _s 'Of delivery. 

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---

~~~~ 
[LJJ (~( =~( ~)I 0) ~UJILILIE1rnJN 

--.--A.S. News 
The Voluiueer Connection at UCSD, founded in the summer, is an Associated 
Student Service designed to connect students with the needy in San Diego. The 
hosrs of this volunteer effort are the San Diego Unified School District and about 65 
non-profit organizations . Discover how you can help your community -

COMMUNITY NEED, STUDENT ACTION 
What Student community awareness day 
When: November 12 from 10 am to 2 pm 
Where: "The hump"-in front of the Student Center 

For more information please contact: 
Ellen Caprio at 534-0540, or 

leave a message at EDNA, box A-2. 

' loin a Campuswide Committee" 
There are plenty of appointments to go around! Drop by the A.S. office and see Greg Hum for more 
details, or call 534-4450. 

"Student DIg Winter Quarter Funding Requests" 
Novembe~ 14. Fnday is the deadline dale for submilling funding request« for wimer quarter. Obtain the 
forms (rom Mary in the Student Org Office and meetwilh your advisors, take the completed and SIgned 
request forms to Patty in the AS. offic;e and sign up for a hearing. Any questions call 534·4450. 

Terrorism! 
Dr. Yoram Dinstein will.peak Thursday, Nov. 13 at 7:30 pm in USB 2722. Dr. Dinstein wasa member of 
the Israeli Permanent MiSSIon to the United Nations. Sponsored by A.5 External Affairs lobby . 

Attention Science Students 
A UC systemwide committee is being formed to study unsafe student lab condi lions. If interested 
Contact Dan Martin at 534-4450. 

Attention All Student Organizations 
Notice: 
As the popularity of free advertising in the ASUCSD Bulletin becomes more and 
'more popular, we have found it necessary to limit the advertising of student 
organizations. Please note that only 3 ads per quarter will be allowed from now on. 
Also, ads will be run on a first come first serve basis, so get them early, please have 
them typed 

Assorted Vinyl 
SAlE ... LOOK for Hyers from ASSORTED VINYL Bring them in and we will give YOU 6% 01T o n any 
purchase "we pay the tax" 7th week only. 

Campus Crusade for Christ 
"Is there li fe after High School?" Come see this Broadway musical righ t in our very own Triton Pub! 
Thursday, November 20, 7 pm, no charge. Sponsored by Campus Crusade for Christ. 

Gay/Bisexual Men's Suppon Group 
Friday's 2-3 pm, HL 1003. Th,s is a confidential ongOi ng support group for male s tudents who have 
Issues conc;eming their sexual ide ntity. For more informatio n call Demetriusat534-3755 or 53i -GAYS . 

Outing Club 
The Outing Club will be having a Spcake.r to discuss Outdoor Cooking at 7 pm on Tuesday, Nov. 11 in 
the Rec. Con. Room. We'll be handing OUt free samples as well as giving some good ideas for the big 
cook-ofT on Nov. 15- 16. New members are welcome. Any questions, call David i55-5'181. 

RACQUETBALL 
UCSD Racquetball C lub - Come down and relax for a few · hours. Meet new players - a1llevcls 
welcome. Monday n ights. 8-11 pm. Canyonview COUllS. BeSt deal on campus - S12/ whole year. Call 
x46304 for info. or Steve at 453- 1318. 

Pre-law joumal "Essays for the Legal Realm" 
Interested in law? Come to the Revelle Infonnallounge at 10 am on Wednesday and be a member o f OUr 
Journal . Looking for editors, wri ters, and p articipants. For information contact Alan at 459-1518. 

VIETNAM, 10 YEARS lATER 
Fireside lecture Series presents Dr. Sam Popkin. political SCIence professor at UCSD who is a specialist 
in Vietnam. An intrigui ng look at Vietnam , 10 years lat.er. 7 pm tomorrow Nov. 11. Internat Ional Center 
Lounge. Free adm ission. Refreshments are provided. 

Business 100: Writing a Business Plan 
All UCSD entrepreneurs invited to hear Vale rie Silver on how to write a p rofessiortal business plan for 
your business ideas/ projects. Tuesday, November I I , Revelle Formal Lounge, 5 pm. Sponsored by 
Association of Collegiate Entrepreneurs and ASUCSD. Refreshments to foUow. 

FINALS ARE APPROACHING!!! 
let AS lecture Notes Service help you prepare for your exams, Each week you will receive notes from 
your lecturrs for only $12.00. We oITer a variety of classes. The notes will really help you. StOP by the 
office and check them out. M-F 10-4. 

Directions and Values in American Life 
Where ~ we headed ? Come hear UCSD professor Richard Madsen discuss the values Americans hold 
today and where we are headed as a society. Refreshments p rovided. On Tuesday Nov. 11 at 7:30 pm in 
the Catholic Student lounge at the University l utheran C hurch. More.. infol Call Do nna "5a-919<4. 

Communicadon Colloquium 
Michael Chanan, Brius h Ftlm Maker and Music CritiC. will discuss "The Economtc and Ideological 
Hiscory or MuSIC' on Wednesday. Nov. 5 1 to 2 pm In MCC 201. 

Attention All Student Organizations 
Notice: 
As the popularity of free advenising in the ASUCSD Bulletin becomes more and 
more popular, we have found it necessary to limit the advertising of student 
organizations. Please note that only 3 ads per quarter will be allowed from now on. 
Also ads will be run on a first come first serve basis, so get them early, please have th~ typed 

Department of Communication 
Michael Chanan . British Film Maker and Music Cntic, will show and discuss "Havana Report" on 
Thursday, Nov.6 12:30 to 1:30 pm in MCC 201. 

Campus Employee Relations Council 
You can .help the AS External AITairs Lobby deal with the Imminent possibiltty of wage CUts for student 
employees. Apply for a pOSitIon of the CAMPUS EMPLOYEE RELATIONS COU~aL to cunsult and 
adVIse the admmistration on student wage matters. Call Enk BaSIl , Employee Relations CoordinatOr, at 
534-4450, or come to the Lobby Annex office in the Student Center to apply. 

Assoned Vinyl 
Pins Is Ins Sale - receive any free pin of your choice with each purchase. 

Committee for World Democracy 
Business oj America and Global Assembly Line on Friday, Nov. 14 at 7 pm in TLH 107. Free. Political Film 
Series. For more information call 534-4872 or 534·2016. 

GREAT AMERICAN SMOKEOUT 
Do you want to hrlp a friend stOP smoking for one day, Nov. 20. during the Great~erican Smokeout? 
Adoption papers, hints, survival k,ts will be avaIlable from Health Educawm al Mutr s Health&: Fun.ess 
Fair noon - 1 pm, Muir Quad, Wednesday, Nov. 12 and at Health Education. Students Health Servtce , 
Wednesday, Nov. 12 - Thursday. Nov 20. Call to reserve yours ... 534-2419. Dalynn. 

• Student Cognitive Science Society 
Interested in cognitive science? The Student Cognitive Science Society are grads/ undergrads who gel 
together to informally discuss various tOpICS In Cognitive SCIence. [f you'd like to get involved and learn 
more about this upcoming field. come to our meeting today at 4:30, 3545 P&l Annes. Everyone 
welcome! 

Fann Coop 
Thursday, Nov. 13, in the North Conference Room, the Pennaculture lecture Senes presents Dr. Kurt 
Kline speaking on Aquaculture for Food: Small-scale ponds. Come learn the ecosystem and 
management of fresh water ponds. 

Are you a 'Well Woman?" 
If you answer is YES .. . we have some good news fo r you. The Student Health Advocates and the 

Women's Clime are giving a "WeD Women" program THIS THURSDAY at noon, upstairs at Ihe Student 
Health Center. You'U have a chance to discuss what some of our parents forgot to tell us ... 
• What a routine pelvic exam is all about 
• All about common infections 
• Our daily nutntion needs 
• .Important cancer screening methods . 
For more infonnation call 534-0458. Jom us . 

A.S. Programming Presents 

~ James Dean ~ 

A.S. Film Series 

Every Wednesday night at 8 pm 
in HSS 2250 

This week is Rebel Without a Cause 

$1.00 at door, $.75 ar box office 
any d ay before the show. $5 .00 membership carel available at box office gets you ' 
the entire year of A.S. films for about $.17 a film. Whar a bargain! 

Are you Hip? 
Check out the latest in comtemporary poetry 

at UCSD's 1st 

"Evening of the Spoken Word" 

Jeilo Biafra of Dead Kennedy's, Wanda Coleman, Ivan E. Roth ~ Jill 
Fraser are featured at this mind moving event. December 3rd , Tmon 
Pub, at 8 pm, 



16 Monday, November 10, 1986 

ClasHled MIIIenIs'ng .,... " IOId In lOCkharaa.,. 
Ina_III. bet! .... ~Ion mwk Md 
IpMlR a.c-n _ca II c:onsIder-.c:t II chM_. 
with capital ....." CDUnIIng.two cNraaws. '!he 
.... per 100 chM~ II SI _ SIUdenIs. S] lor 
fMuIIy .,d SUIIf. Md S4 tor CIChen • ..."...... In 
advanca II ...... Irwd; .".,..,.. ads must lie INIIMd 
wltll II eNd< I ..... GUIlD '!he UCSD Guardlanl Of' 
pNMnMCIln penon. DNdl .... .,.. 4 pm ~ 
tor lhurscII!y's piIp«. 4 pm ltusdIIy lor MoncMy's 
JNIP«. '!he Guardian _ the right ID IWfUIe 
any ~ including but not .mlred ID 

~Ionshtp ads. For morelnlor.-lon call 452-
l466. '!he Guard..,. UCSO. 1-016, La Jolla. CA 
9Z0U 

Announcements 
ROBERTO'S DEUVERY c,ajl food 4 t/1ought 587-wi1d 

~r 9:20 Sunday ttYu Thursday (2/91 

Inte'est~ In a SUrT'fTll!r inttmShp In washington D.C. 
New Yon<. 01 i'I'fy othrf oty7 Comr to 1'\510's Cal -
NaoonaI Intrrnshtp Il'lI!'e'tIn!l TUrs. Nov 18 from 5.» 
6.30 at It>r Informal ~ at ~"'. 111/171 

Bus~ Opptnty Vrnding routr. Est.1bIlShed Reqlures 
5 m prr month Grrat potential Jon 273-5266.111/101 

V1SlW. ARTS STlDENTS - DESIGN & GRN'HICS 
SruDENTS Wr can plaCr you ., gallenes and museums 
woOOng on ec/'oblts wecanalSOp!aceyouwithvanous 
orgarWtJOnS where you WIll produc:r art WOtI<. 
Aadmlic Internship Program 406 we 111/101 

i\nruaI V" 13 feast to be hrId at It>r ntrrnaoonal 
Centrr Sunday Nov. 16. 3-~m and F I() lIam. at 
fI.oIandIMI'" 2nd noor court ... ea Fonner VA 13 srude1ts 
v..eCXlf'l1l!. 111/131 

DMMA MNORS Grt some CAREER rrlatrd 
expe'1enCe in a wide van<:ly 01 actIVItIeS avatlablr WIth 
IocaIlt>ratres InformatlOO also available about out-ot-
town It>rares. l\cadenlc Intl!fnslllp Ptogram 406 we. 
111/101 

'!bu GW1 run but you CNl't t'Ode . from Dr MiChael 
Deanl Thursday Nov 13 Rev~'" Calrtrrla On~ S2. 
111/13) 

PRE-lAW sruDENTS. ~ knOw some attorneys who 
want)'CU to INOrk WIth them so that they can Show you 
It>r rope. App~ no-where else but ttlr "Cl\DEMIC 
INTERMHIP PROGIU'M. 406 WARRE CAMPUS. 
111/10) 
BIG WEDNESDI\Y IS comong Nov. 25 . 111/20) 

Its refreshing to know that Thord has a protesSKlnal 
as acting Dean. ~ aboard. Dr. Pates (11/10) 

CUNICi'J. EXPERIENCE available for PS'lCHOlOGY 
M'UORS. Placements d"ect~ related to )'Our 
courseWOtl<. " must for grad sdlool applICatIOnS. 
/\eademIC Intrrnship Ptogram 406 we. 111/101 

CHIP N cw.ES Hurry and get your tickrts for TKE's 
annual iIctlon packrd dancr r~ WIth new dancrrs 
and at a new place Hot~ C.-de. TUt for ttlr &-I~ 
Shows for Fn Novl4 Inc rides at plaza now. (11/101 

"C(X)(ding to a su~ dted Ifl a r«ent Guardian. 37'Mt 
ot collegr studrnts conslderrd themselves 
REl'UBUCl\N5. WE HAVE INTERNSHIPS FOR YOU 
nght here in San Diego. AcademK Intrrnshtp 
f'I/OGRI\M. 406 we. 111/10) 

"m presents'· Dr Deanl Thurs Nov. 13 ~'" Cat 
~m WiKch htm typnotize )'CUr best frlerld/~. 
111/13) 

Irnrnrdiate InttmS needo!d for Ivan "lien Industries. 
Econ. Management Soence. EECS. and Math majors 
pr~Mrd Eam 54 an hour For rrorr intormatlOO. SlOp 

~ at 1'\510 In It>r SWdent Centrr. 111/10) 

nx FOR SAlE: 81i~ .JoeJ ISports 1\ren.1I~ Journey IlJI) 
and Petrr Gabriel IlJI) good seatsl Call 25~4832 and 
"'ave mesg w/ ~ (11/13) 

los Argrfes Times Minority Editorial Intrmship needs 
Intrrns for summer. Application dradhne IS Dec. 31 Stop 

~ at 1'\510 for turther details. (11/10) 

The new MIf'1O(Ity Millrs Ptogram at 1'\510 otlers ., 
tl!fnshtps for monorlty placrment in already estaDllShed 
organlZatIOOaI monorlty programs It Interested stop ~ 
Ifl the Student Center 111/101 

Bus~ 100. umtlng a business plan hear Valet'" Smith 
No.1 II Tues at 5pm ~'" Formal l.oiXIge fll/IO) 

Persona is 
"lee - the SCOfr IS 48 mooses for you. 24 for tnr. CMl't 
walt for football 111/101 

1\011 Karl!f'l. I'm so <Jad that you're my hi sis. You are 
trrrillcl~. Nancy 111/10) 

To the best Hm polo Pi¥" and coolest 89 Bro around I 
Slay cool Kemy. From your little Bro Brucr 111/10) 

.)11 G. '!bure a real cutey7l'1I get 5I1tpwr«kl!d Wlth)'Ou 
anytltnr. ~. a very Ifltrrested ~IIJ 111/10) 

Hey football star - will you sign my book 7 How many 
tacns can you devour 7 thankS Dar\. IlI.t'" brO ErIC. 111/10) 

To ttlr rutesoro(lty/~o d1I kS whowerequtCk 
w/It>r stick., the dutd'l. thanlsl Hopr to 5« )'Ou 
around .. . The dudr WhO couldn't make It>r gr""" aI.as 
It>r guy having a hrart-attaCk in doIMltoWn U. III/IOI 

Congratulations TKE's on thr IFC volleyball 
tou~ ~ ~ It>r corrlletitlon and had a 
good time. But WiKCh out next orne. The PHI DEL TS. 
111/10) 

lRI\CY E. -your blgslstrr misses youlllMlat·s up ~ 
PI. (11/101 

H .... ry Hurry Hurry on~ five days IrIt to Ctvp N Dales 
and tlCkrts ... e gc>Ing fast Tickrts for this extravaganza 
IncJudr 3 way bus ridI! and ... e available ttYu TXE's and 
at ttlr plaza. A show U don't want to mtSsL 111/10) 

Hey Sue McCartly. tomorrow IS It>r big c;lay-21 years 
oIdl I am so t\1ppy that you ... e my big slstrr. Wr are 
goorrg to hiM the best year together. HAPPY 

8IRTHO'IYI~. your III sis. L)1"If1. (11/10) 

De ... T&I\. CONGR/\ TUA nONS! '!bur candidacy for 
It>r ultimate allling expe!"lencr IS being consldrred. I 
llave Informrd my P.R.stalf that you WIll be contact.ng 
them so as 10 ... range a p~.,",nary mef'tlng, Pleasr 
contact Count F.R de Ia M or Prince M at 297-5854 
Gao Belle. Mr H 111/10) 

Modes Wantrd Former Guardian Photo Edum now 
proouong tvgh-gualIty/lOW-<Dst portfolIOS orportrilla. 
Color & 8 W. _!able, Call 25~9544 ask for Rich 
Pec;jak or leave message. (12/11) 

Wecome to the world ot Ent~nmentl Savr 50% on 
dining. meMes. sports. travel and more for a who'" yrar I 
Come to the bookstore and ask to 5« "EntertaifllTlmt 
'87"1111/10) 

GuardianOl!lNSnash: Shrhasn'tseen a what 7 Sinceyou 
ecpected this-had tun Fnday You knOw who. 111/101 

Kat!¥- You ... r ttlr most speoal \lIrll'~ ever mrt. I real~ 
carr about you -t..ove ~k. 111/10) 

SIgma Kappa ~I tram- FIvr games and SOli 
~atrd Krep up ttlr good work - Drlta 5igtna 1'tlI. 
111/10) 
Olt1ers moght havr lOWeIs. but l1<E had It>r Groom. 
Corl!P'arulations to NicK. 1Iotltly. S9'l. Troy. Phil. MIler. 
Mike and c...ey as l1<E SIoWPlIFC ~I. 111/101 

u 

W"NTED Two people Intrrestrd In soc.studies 
WorkSltr. Berketey 11/14-16. Elvis tans pIS 546-9802. 
111/10) 

Kffidra G, Yes. '!bur very CMII1 pl!rsonall I'm glad you're 
my roommate. but """UGH III Wr havr to quit talking 
011 lam. I need my Sleeplll ~ ya. HD. 111/101 

AU Cal Is backlll Dec 13-20 Join AlIIt>r UC's for 5 days 
skiing In 8teckA!fYldge. Co Tix price /ncIudfos round trip 
!JUs tare WIth rrfrestrnents en routr. Condos. and much 
ororel Tix on sale at box o!nee 11/10. 111/20) 
MIke 8annach: thought I'd forget. huh7l111l/IOI 

What are you doing for the lhanksgMng ho4lday7 RlSC 
IS going skiing and we ~ a trw tilt Irft. 4 days in Utah 

w~h intrrChangilble hit tJx at all resorts In the ... ea plus 
morrl 4 Irro contact RIse. (11/10) 

For Sale 
The tnne has come, RevrtallZe)'OUr strreo Statr ot the 
art 125 watt 3-way speakrrs. S2SO/pr. Call for drtalls. 
534-4156 days. 25H816 eves. Ask r Brad. 111/10) 

78 Dodge Colt "c. geed tltes. standard trans. clran 
may need work ~ 5500 abo call \/Ilkl 453-2559. 
111/17) 

I/wa scootrr 1985 Yamaha 125. rxeellent ooncIition. 
must s~1 call K ... en 546-1142 WIth best otl~. 111/10) . 

FISher. 50 watts. 3-waysp/<rs. sm1I-auto rum. tuner. hI-
!pd dub deck. glass rack. S350 call AI at 452-9330. 
111/13) 

SkIIS Rossignol & Hrxcet 528 each. Pronce Pm rac:krt 54 5 
~ ReaflSOC SOW 550 481-3215 111/131 

Fisher 3-way SO wan output speakrrs S70 or best oIfI!r 
and men's black cruiser 5100 call 546-0183. 111/131 

New car forces saIr ot Faothful Fr1e'ld Oaygto-lP.Ir 64 
NOVA 40'. strrl!C. much new. 57SO 000 JEFF 457-
3828. fll/131 
1)peWI'oter (po<tabIe-manuaJ) 528. Answl!nng machng 
lnewl S39. 481-3215. 111/13) 

1985 ~ Toyota MR-2 power windows/locks spoI"" 
air strreo cruise sunroot 10.500 "'_ meso 483-6914. 
111/161 

SaUbO..-d SaIl-MIStral WOrld Cup 6.Om. fuU batten. RAF. 
4mOS old. S250 or best 453-0146. 111/13) 

s 

The pregnancy test for your 
eyes only. 

Private, portable, and easy to read, e.p.t. Plus'" 
can tell you If you're pregnant in as fast as 

10 minutes. You can use it as soon as one day 
after a missed period. And e,p.t. Plus has 

proven 99% accurate in lab tests, e.p.t. Plus, 
a fast and easy way to know for sure. 

Volumes ot "mrrlca every d«4de 0' I\m('(.can hlSlOfy 
beauotul blUe leather 300 GIll .Joe 546-8324 111/13) 

67 VW Ghla Jess than 10.000 on rebuilt, fron disc 
brakes. lookS good 51600 b/o 297-2304 111/13) 

l-'>'ight plano Janssen. Tuned. If'M1aculatr. Evenings. 
'hftkends 481-9974. III/10) 

VW Bug 1965. Rebuilt engine StructuraJ~ sound May 
run forever 5650. Elliot 578-3469 or 534-1263 fl1/171 

1980 Honda Clllic Red 5-sperd am/1m cassmr 42 flll9 
92k mtIes setl as Is 52200 cash or best 56~ 1593. (11/17) 

1978 FOld Anlo automaoc. good condition. am/1m & 
cassrttr. original pant $850 01 best 457-2944 111/171 

84 HONo-. 3SOJQ.l.f'Ilmt mIge w ... rant~ (transferable) 
lOw mI5 x-cond S1400 Mack 483-3972 aile' 6pm III/10) 

Services 
Il.Urd Processing. 17 yrs expe'le1lCr DIssertatIOnS, 
theses. t«mical. soerltlfic. EI~ 27~ 3827 112/4) 

ROBERTO'S DEUVERY - call food 4 1tloug1t.. 
587-WlLD beforr 9:20 SUnday ttvu ThUrsday. 12/91 

Protesslonal Typu19 Serw:r Word Process.ng Trrm 
Papers 57&-2011 111/10) 

Word Ptocessong: orKillTlpUS I'vgo 437. paprrs. theses. 
dissertations. rushes taken Rogrr 455-9736. fI2/(/ 

TYPING - PhDs. MA.s. legal. rnrd.caI. trrm. RUSH 
J08S. MARIE 94+2880 112/41 

IIiORD PROCESSING SI 75/pg. student disc. fast 
pid<up/~IIIety. I'vtdy Laurence 222-2345. 112(4) 

NEED" TYPlm Reasonable. ~. accuralr KattlIr 
576-12 77 9am-9pm. (12/41 

Burke secr_lakjuaJlty. t)<Ping1 spelling corrrct-rush 
jo/ls spedallty/apa format l.l ..blla 457-3842. 112/41 

TYPING EMERGENCIESI Run out time7 Don't llunkl 
QII usl Bam - 9:30 pm 7 days / rights / hoIlda)s. By 
appointment ~. 462-0187. 111/101 

IBM T't'PING By Iormer lJIhwte Housr secreury. Fast 
Reasonable. Ullian. 755-8188. 112/4) 

IXORD PROCESSING. T't'PING. EDITING. SWdent 
r .. es. In l.l ..bI~. Call 454-6860. 112/041 

FREE halrruts lor peop'" willing to Change metr stytr. 
For rrore Info. c,ajll\urrl SiIon 45~0200. 111/13) 

PRE -IvIED ruTORJI'IIG "V"'lA8l.E. Exp. tIJIO( In 
dlem. Ilia. and ~. Call: 48&-8616. Ask for ~k. 
(11/13) 

IIiORD PROCESSlNG- Trrm papers-tlnals-resumes-
grilphics. Beth 436-7694 111/13) 

Help Wanted 
Campus rep. ~ for credit card Co. nexibJr hours. 
grNt pay OUt-gotng personality ~ptul. Call Karen 
546-1142 111/10) 

Models. Males 5' 11" lJ'. Frrnales all hts. Experienad & 
ir1ecprr. for ads. promos. & htgh fashion IVJenCI tn M-
F 9-5. Sat. 9-1.30. Call tor apptrmt. PRESTIGE ModdIflQ 
IVJenCI 942-7307 No tee. 111/17) 

Ye ... book photographrrs wanted. Must hiM camera. 
1M' ~ film. Call 546-9439 Of 259-4891. III/In 

OUtgoong. attractllle m/f to setl roses 2(}25 tTs/wk. 
evenN"l\lS & we6end5. SI25+/'hftk. Call Uz 942-
3378.111/131 

TELEMARKETING- ptjollS dose to campus. 54 prr tT. + 
comm. Shlit 4-~ Ron 453-8770. 111/131 

Ye ... book statl wantrd. No ~lencr necessaryl 0lIl 
nowl Either Ali at 546-9439or"""' .. 25~4891 . 11I/l71 

Housing 
RbomrNItr warud. m(l. 15 rTWl to GIf11lU', S225/rro + 
1/3 utII. Ka", Mea. 565-1187. evenongs. 111/10) 

Nred fw!maIe student to shirr Ig rTWISlI!r bdl'm + bath. 
S2SO/mo l.l..bl~ C~ 457-2974 Iv messagr, fll/IO/ 

I or 2 tern_ fOOfIlfIl3tes needo!d Irnmedi"~ to shire a 
twO bedroom ap;nment ne ... UTe S60S • monrh plus 
UtJIity. If Intrrested all TiIfTVI1Ir .. 452-8589. IMler 10 
pml prefrr serious SlUdentS. Ill/Il) 

Wanted 
XM".S WoIntrd 2 br apt to rent Dec 20 - Jan 2 lor 
IIISltIng rel<Jtll.e. l.l Jolla shores or near. Call Paula 4 55-
7637. 111/101 

Entrepreneurs' Grt your busIneSs Idra on paper Turf 
Nov. II 5pm ~'" Formal ~ sponsorrd ~"'CE. 
111/10) 

WANTED -WItness to a court summons for lJ'IUREN 
MCKUNE In HLl438 during f'OU/SC1 100". IProt 
Chisholm) last WIf'1trr quartl!f. ""'asr c.afl i.JSa 575-0158 
111/131 

Lost and Found 
LOST gold rlflQ WIth 2 gold le.J\les surroundlng small 
prIWI 525 r~ ... d It found c,ajl 275-1077 


