
• The Cpu mp house 
gang' struts their 
hot stuff. 

PA(,l: 7 

.Peter Ward's Akeda: a story of 
sacrifice. 

• Wire to Wire to Retort. 
PA ,E 14 

• The rebirth of love 
PAGE 12 

• Buckle or else 
PA ,E 2 

• Bloom County 
PAGE 2 



2 \fOtl./<lI , jlIlIlW" 21, 1<)86 
NEWS 

Warren Grill and 
cafeteria to close 

The Warren Grill and dining 
commons will be closed next 
quarter to create more om e 
space for displaced workers from 
the University Center. 

The center, which is slated for 
construction July I, will force 
workers from the admissions 
office , summer school program 
and the graduate ~hool office to 
move, according to the Food 
ervice Coordinator Brian E. 

Klippel. . 
The Warren deCISion was 

made by the VIce chancellor of 
resource management, Wayne 
Kennedy, and his staff. 
Gang rape on 
college campuses 

Campuses around the country 
have been shocked whenever an 
acquaintance gang rape occurs at 
their institution. These incidents 
continue to occur at all types of . 
institutions, from small private 
olleges to large state universities. 

These are among the findings 
reported In a new study 
published this month by the 
Project on the StatuS and 
Edu ation of Women (PSEW) of 
the AsSOCiation of American 
Colleges. ·On some campuses, 
we heard reports of gang rapes 
happening every week at parties. 
Apparently this behavior is far 
more common than anyone 
suspected," says Julie K. Ehrhart, 
co-author of the report, Campus 
Gang Rape: Party Games? 
"Sexually abusive behavior, 
including acquaintance gang rape, 
often arises out of very poor 
communication and 
misunderstandings among young 
men and young women and 
differing expectations about 
appropriate sex roles and 
behaviors ," says Ehrhart. 

The report describes the 

d),namlcs of acquaintance gang 
rape In the campus setting· 

e the consequen es to the VI um, 
the rapists and to the academiC 
ommunity; 

e the role that fraternities play In 
influencing campus social life 
and their attitudes toward 
women; 
e the role of al ohol, drugs and 
pornography in contributing to 
the problem; and 
e the reactions of the campus 
community and the official 
responses of the institution to 
acquaintance gang rape 

According to Bernice R. 
Sandler, director of P EW and 
co-author, -The maJonty of the 
more than 50 campus gang rapes 
we Idenufied happened at 
fraternity parties In too many 
Instances, fraternltles do nor 
fostcr healthy Jttltudes about 
relationships between young 
women and young men. It IS 
time for Instituuons to look at 
the role that the fraternity and 
sorority system plays In campus 
acnvities and to reevaluate SOCIal 
Me for all students." 

umerous other 
recommendations suggest how 
campuses can prevent these 
incidents from occurring, 
including how to raise awareness 
about these Issues among men 
and women students and how to 
involve faculty, admimstrators 
and staff in rape prevention 
activities. The report also provides 
a list of resources for further 
Information. 

The Project on the Status and 
Education of Women of the 
Association of American Colleges 
(MC), established in 1971, is 
the oldest national project 
concerned with achieving equity 
for women students, faculty and 
administrators in higher 
education. MC, founded in 
1915. supports and encourages 

hherallcarning at all US olleges 
and unlversmes. 

Regents' announcements 
The Umverslty of Cahfornta 

President DaVid P. Gard ner will 
appoint a task force to look Into 
ways to In rease the ehglblhty 
rate of blacks for "dmlsslon to 
schools of higher edu auon. 

Gardner made the 
announcement to the UC Board 
of Regents at its meetmg Jan. 16-
17 at UC San Franci co's Laurel 
Heights facility. 

The Regents also approved the 
establishment of the first 
professional Graduate School of 
International Relations and 
Pa IflC Studies in the UC system. 
The school, to be located on the 
San Diego campus, will accept its 
first students in 1987. 

The Regents took the following 
actions in closed session: 

Approved the appomtment of 
James E. Holst as Acting General 
Counsel of the Regents at an 
annual salary of $114,400; the 
promotion of Leigh Trivette to 
Associate Secretary of the 
Regents at an annual salary of 
$85,100 for DaVid L. Maggard , 
director of Men's Intercollegiate 
Athlencs at UC Berkeley. 
Les Ballets T rockadero 
to benefit AIDS project 

A portlon of the net proceeds 
from the January 27 and 28 
performances of Les Ballets 
Trockadero de Monte Carlo will 
be donated to the San Diego 
AIDS Project. The "Trocks," a 
comical offbeat troup of male 
ballet dancers who wear tUtuS 
and makeup, will perform on 
each date at 7:30 pm at 
Symphony Hall , 7th Ave. between 
A & B Streets, downtown San 
Diego. 

"Comedy is achieved by 
incorporating and exaggerating 
the foibles , accidents and 
underlying incongruities of 
serious dance," says the rroup's 
coordinator. Tickets are available 
at Symphony Hall box office. 
Tickets can be charged by phone 
by calling 699-4205 or 283-SEAT. 

-Anna Severson 

BLOOM COUNTY_-------, __ ---by~Berke Breathed 
I ... I~ 
M~"NOW._ M6 MtJ CIhTEK JH{ _ lie 

5fl.MIEP~~ 
IN 1IE H1l.IINT7C •• 

\ 

8f/r /41! flfPN'r I'IINIC_. 
/IE HAP 1'f?(If!5~/or.w.. 

!Mfff:l€NC'I !r;vll'ft/€"'" ... 
fI/JP, OF~, I HIlIJ 
I'IICJ((p UaU!"," 
!~NCY ffr.rN"KJN~ ... 

\ 

lIE" HIIP NO f()(XJ. NO 
MTtl( ,. f1(/(, 1HM/( ~ 

/l€WJ~t.¥" 
THf/V6., 

\ 

. CllNN€fl MILK. 
CflNN€P HAM, 
CIWII!P PC1r:H!5, 
CfI/JN€P Qf.IiCfE, .. 

\ 

The 'buck' starts 
By MICHELLE·SHARI MOSKOWITZ, Staff Writer 

In a co-operative effort, 
UCSD, the Unjversity of San 
Diego and San Diego State 
UniveTsiry have come together to 
promote "The Great Buckle -U p 
Challenge ," a program designed 
to promote seat belt safety. 

This program was initiated in 
1984 when the Metropolitan Life 
Foundation, a Chicago-based 
insurance company, awarded 
DSU a grant for a sim ilar 

purpose. 
The same company awarded a 

grant of $10,000 this year to 
UCSD, USD and SOSU to 
"increase awareness of and use 
of seat belts as a preventative 
health measure via an 
intercollegiate buckle-up 
competi tion ," as stated in the 
grant. This award was also 
lIlltially given only to SDSU , but the 
SDSU committee decided to 
share the effort and the grant, 
said UCSD health educator 
Oalynn T. Prophet, who 
organized the UCSD committee. 

Each college will receive 
approXimately $2700. UCSD 
plans to sponsor a "pledge card 
sweepstakes" and buckle-up relay 
contest ending in an end-of-
semester i mercollegiate 
competi tion : "The Great 
Intercollegiate Buckle -U p 
Challenge." 

The committee hopes to 
publicize seat belt safety through 
the games and by posting signs 
around campus saying, "Buckle-
Up, We Need You," Proph~t 

Edilor in Chief 
PhilWilIon 

Manapna Editor 
Andrew Keeler 

News Editor 
Rachel Freifelder 

"-ociaIc News Editor 
Niki Newlands 

Wire Editor 
Sean Wagstaff 

Opinions EdilOr 
Matl~ J Cronin 

Copy EdilOr 
Shelly Si mmons 
Fealures EdilOr 
Rente Wenri ck 

said. 
UCSO participants were 

inspired by the newly passed 
seat belt law, Prophet said. The 
Private Passenger Motor Vehicle 
Safety Act, which went into effect 
on Jan . 1, 1986, requires drivers 
and passengers to use safety 
belts while driving in California. 

The law states that a driver 
may only be issued a citation 
after being stopped for other 
reasons. If cited for the first time 
a fine of not more than $20 will 
be issued , with each repeat 
offense subject to a fine of not 
more than $50. The ticket will go 
on the driver's record , however 
no penalty points will be 
recorded. 

During 1984, in San Diego 
alone, there were 30,986 motor 
vehicle accidents with 25,385 
individuals injured and 356 
deaths, according to a release 
from "Buckle Up San Diego," 
another pro-seatbelt organization. 
For people in their late teens 
and early 20's, car crashes 
accounted for more than 40 
percent of all deaths. 

The Buckle-Up Challenge 
Committee hopes to reduce that 
percentage, said Timothy 
Purpura, senior reSident adviser 
of Revelle College, another 
committee member. 

UCSD's first relay will be held 
on Wednesday, Feb. 26. Any 
student or organization may 
participate by organizing a team 
of four individuals. ~ 

Spons Editor 
John Schacht 

Ans EdilOr 
Alicia Agos 

Associate Am EdilOr 
Mikel Toombs 
Photo Editor 
John Ashlee 

OffICe Man.er 
SUZllnne Marie 

Advcnisin& MaMler 
Jan Hansen 

Graphics Man.r 
Shendl Diamond 

Contributinl Edllol'5: Ken Fune , Gus Samoyo 
Senior Scaff WrilelS: Philip Lauder, Melissa Weinstein 
Sacnmmlo CorRspondent Manko 1akayaso 
SufIWrirrn: Kathy Beckett , Tnsh Brown, Cheryl Canwright, Theresa C.lssaday, Dave 
Cook, Tom Ferguson, Gayle Hei shberg, Marla HeUman, Chrisllne Hueber, K.trin 
Jacobsen, Karen Kawasaki , Matt Lall , Robert Leone , Shelly P~ge , usan Peters, D~ve 
Richard , Tina RiCh, Diane Rigdon, Monte Rosen, Anhur Salazar, Anna Severson, 
Bamara Sobel, Dave Tedrow, Damel Thomas, Dawn Watts, Eva Wong 
Phocop-aphen: James Baker, MarkJohnson, (}dwn Mamlkunian, Roger Monroe, RI k 
PeJak, Paul Redmond , Tom Smith , Josh Well 
Graphic Anises: He rald Artuad, John Ashle., Rica rdo Diaz Canedo, Bradford L 
Dezunck, Quan Kim-Hoang, Belinda Padro , Tom Plonka,Jackl e Semore 
laYOUt AnlIIs:John Ashlee . David Koons. Vesna Kui.tsinovlc, Niki Newlands,John 
Schachl, D-<Ivld Settles, Sean Wagstaff, Nelson Zamora 
Typesmers: Lauren Fresh. Ken Fune , Katrina Kohanowlch, Ph il Lludcr, Anggic Lipid , 
DanIel Thomas 

, h~ UL..,U louJ.rt.!',ln .. plIhll:Jll'cj MonJ .. Y' .mJ I hur~ .. )'> Jun;lg 11,,-, J. ... uJcml\ )'""f h)' .111<1 1,)( Ill\" ~tuJ..-m) ul 
IJL::tO Kl'P",uloktIVll o,Ku",,'\11 (hb ncw~"p'-'r"""uhuut 1",,'nlll))""l b :tm .. IIYlnt.tllhllcJ. &II~tiO .. Url,hl~rtll4'rVl'J 
W~· ,Ill' nut r"~~I)lhk lur ullwl lf .. lh.'J lU.mU'olflpc!o lH .In 

VIC'oI.) L·l\pn',,~iJ ("It) Ik~ rcpn: ..... m Ill!.' 0fJII1k1lb 111 11'14.' 1..0IwrMf) ,~ LJhl\IrIll.lI~ Ilk.' ,h~ I,II.'J ')(uu"nh \ 11 
uL)1J l'w Lu.mJI.lnlo l..'t.IIIUfI.lllo .loti' JL'li,'flllll1CtJ hy the LUlhU In l, hld :\t.lrlJglng I Jill»". 't:1oftI1o LUIII~ .lnJ 1/11,: 
Opm IOf,. LJuur 

The UCSD Guardian , 8·016 t:a Jolla, CA 92093 
EdiwNI: (619) 02·6'80 Business: (619) i'2·3i66 

Cover photo by Rich Pecjak 

Monday, junuao-y 27, 1986 3 
NEWS 

--

A sennon for liberation 

Tutu packs the house 
By ANNA SEVERSON & MONTE ROSEN, Swff Wnttrs 

BISHOP DESMOND Tutu spoke to an enthusiastic crowd of more than 2,500 
members of the press, public and 
student body at the UCSD Main 
Gym on Thursday afte rnoon. In 
his speech, Tutu called upon 
concerned individuals to make 
'·a moral decision" to override 
the political and economic 
barriers to divestment, which 
"buttress the most heinous 
system since Nazi Germany." 

Tutu, who was on an IS-day 
speaking tour of the United 
States to raise money for the 
African Council nf C: hurches 

(ACC), appeared an hour late 
and visibly tired , but delivered a 
rousing sermon to a sold-out 
gymnasium. 

UCSD hiStory professor 
Edward Reynolds introduced the 
bishop, calling him, "a modem 
prophet, one the government of 
South Africa would be forced to 
listen to." In a short biography of 
lhe Anglican Bishop from 
Johannesburg, Reynolds 
characterized Tutu as, "a man of 
hope ... an international figure , 
and the man who founded the 
international movement to end 
the evil system of Apartheid ." 

Students filled thc.gym jor Bishop Desmond Tutu's lecture last Thursday. 

Tutu was born in 1931, a 
native of South Africa, and 
received his BA degree from the 
UniverSity of Johannesburg and 
his licentiate' in theology at Saint 
Peter's College in 1960. 

Tutu was consecrated as 
bishop of Johannesburg in 1975. 
During this time he saw violence 
brewing among angry youths, 
and he worked trying to channel 
it into peaceful demonstrations. 
He suffered reprisals at the 
hands of the white minority 
government and his "persistence" 
led to world recognition and the 
Nobel Peace Prize in 1984, 
Reynolds said . 

The bishop commended 
students on their on-going 
effons, commitment and 
participation to end Apartheid. 

"I want to tell you that you are 
all very neat," said Tutu , eliciting 
laughter and applause from the 
audience. He announced, "There 
are some things·that are more 
imporatant than good degrees 
and good grades," noting that 
each individual effort contributes 
greatly to bring peace and justice 
to South Africa. 

"I speak on behalf of millions 
in this one instance ... that we 
do make a difference," he said . 
The content of the speech 
differed dramatically from his 
1984 tour, when any mention of 
divestment would have led to 

"We do mahe a difference," Bishop Tutu told an emotional crowd oj 2,500. 

prosecution for treason in South 
Africa. 

Ouririg the hour-long speech 
Tutu outlined three methods of 
"political dispensation " of an 
unpopular government: making 
legislative change by voting them 
out of power, armed insurrection 
overthrowing .the government 
violently, or initiating a peaceful 
change with the help of external 
governments and economic 
pressure. Tutu said the first 
method of political change is 
impossible, because in South 
Africa 73 percent of the 
population are denied aU 
participatory rights because they 
are black. "We are the inVISible 
visible ones," Tutu said. "1 do not 
vote because I cannot VOle .. nor 

do 73 percent because they are 
rurned into aliens in the land of 
their birth." 

The government's deliberate 
undermtning of legislative rights 
is an incitement to a violent 
overthrow by the black majori ty, 
Tutu said, adding that, "the 
primary violence and the 
fundamental terror is that of 
Apartheid ." 

He summarized the history of 
the African National Congress, 
the black revolutlonary 
organization. The ANC had been 
committed to non-violent change 
until 1960, when, during a 
peaceful protest, 69 blacks were 
"murdered," Tutu said. The ANC 
was banned for advocating 

Please rum to page 16 

UCSD University Events Office presents 

~~ 
"Well, the Parkers are dead .... You had to 

encourage them to take thirds, didn't you?" 

An Evening with , 

GARY 

February 8', Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

St. $6.00, G.A. $7.00 
UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 

7iiXM~ 
If M' ~', ... .IACII I'\.UA 

---""'---11111111-

-

MINI CLINICS 

Feb. 1 • SWING 
Feb. 8 • WALTZ 
Mar. 1 · JITTERBUG 

.10 am - 12 noon 

$6/$10 

SIGN UP FOR ONE OR ALL THREE! 
Sign-up and details at 
Canyonvie'N Athletics 
and Recreation Office 

Office of Campus Recreation 
x4037 Physical Education Dept. 



Tutu keeps South Africa alive 
country and produce fundamental changes in the 
political economy is simply foolish . Bishop Desmond Tutu, who, by every human 

right, is a South African citizen but who is denied 
this distinction by the tyannical regime that 
governs his homeland, outlined a few truths for 
the 2,500 listeners who attended his talk on 
.Thursday afternoon . The purpose of Bishop Tutu's 
pilgnmage, which was to clear-up some common 
misperceptions held by the U.s. public 
concernmg the historical sltuation in South Africa 
(fOT example, who are the terrorists and who are 
the liberators of the nation), was demonstrated 
quite deftly by the audience's reaction to nearly 
every statement uttered by him. Whether or not it 
was the rousing chants of the anti-apartheid and 
pro-divestment activists both on campus and with 
the San Diego communtty, or the supportive 
cheers from the masses at large, Desmond Tutu 
caprured a potential !lock, and has taken a great 
risk in doing so . 

As reported within the mass media during the 
last week, the South African government and its 
tyrannical surrogates within the private sector are 
urging that Tutu be prosecuted fOT treason against 
the state (which is absurd , as South African law 
does not formally consider any black a member of 
th e state), that he be barred from all political 
activity and that he be forbidden to travel abroad 
again if. and when , he returns to his native land . 

This sudden outcry against Tutu harkens back 
to his recent implications that call for American 
and European suppOrt for the African alional 
Congress, and his heightened request for further 
economic sanctions against the Botha regime , 
which include corporate divestmet:\t. Referring to 
sanctions, Tutu said, "Let those who invest in 
South Africa not kid themselves. Whether they 
like it or not, whethl!T they Intend it or not, they 
are buttreSSing one of the most vic ious systems 
since aZlsm." That is truth number one. 
Speaking in Atlanta last week on Martin Luther 
King Jr.'s birthday, Tutu spoke about truth number 
twO when he stated: "We hope one day to hear 
the leaders of the Weste rn world say, 'We side 
wah the African National Congress' which sought 
to change an unjust system peacefully (for over 50 
years), non-violently, and were sent into the arms 
of the struggle through (state) violence because 
the West abandoned us." 

Since the divestiture movement commenced on 
campuses across the nation earlier this spring, 
very li ttle rep ortage , critical analYSIS, or public 
debate has focused on the rationale behmd 

srudent protest. The call by vanous student 
coalitions for the CC Regents to divest all 
holdmgs in compantes that conduct busmess In 
South Afnca was not born out of some abstract 

emotlona!t~m, or out of naIVl~, moral guilt d irected 
toward the less fortunate In that region , but rat her 
It a rose from a cumulative learn ing process he re 
a t home , one that overtly instructs us to , "put our 
money where our mouths are " What we are 
requesting from the UniverSity of California, State 
Legislature , City Councils, private citlzens and the 
like, is to be at the forefront of a new, morally 
constructive economic policy that will be 
practiced by the United States of America. 
Presently, our country is without any set of 
enforced guidelines that determines multi- and 
transnational corporate behavior abroad. The 
professed "Sulhvan Pnnclples" have had little 
effect on the pohcles of corporate giants, and will 
grow more inept as each day passes, for corporate 

activity is based on the premise of gaining 
massive profit and proflteering has no sense of 
morality. 

The students involved in the divestiture 
movement are Just that-students. They have 
carefully analyzed histOrical corporate behavior 
(more speCifically in the Third World) and have 
uncovered little evidence supporting the claim 
that these companies have ever acted in the best 
interests of the host country, let alone the 
interests of the downtrodden . A significant 
ponion of corporate profit comes from the 
overabundance of cheap labor available in 
countries like South Africa. In fact, if it .was not 
for the definitiveness of that portion of'the "free 
market," many corporations might think twice 
abom directly investing massive funds into the 
Third World . 

Putting aside the auractiveness of controlling 

the economic infrastructure of a country where 
rare minerals fall like rai n from a tree, why would 
one stoop to beheve that encouraging repressive 
wage poliCies in a country like South Africa is not 
in the best Interests of corporate profit? Who can 
think of one instance in colonial history where 
the wealthy invaders asked the industrial 
bougeoisie to outbid them for mass labor and 
thereby forced the colonialists to raise wages in 
order to quell popular dissent? The only time you 
will find multl- or transnational corporations 
raising wages to humane standards is in the face 
of possible nationahzation of industry, or in 
concurrence With demands from the skilled labor 
market. 

Why, the student movement has asked , does 

the mass media extoll the virtues of funh er U.S. 
corporate lOvestment In South Afnli:l 7 The white 
mlOority government Hself has smd that It will not 
bow to any poli tlcal p ressure from compaTIle s that 
"have been invited to do busmess m our country." 
It IS obvious tha t Botha's regime will do nothmg 
to undermme the power of hiS pohtical state , and 
that mcludes glvmg c reedence to International 
mfluence upon South African economic stability. 
It is true that the South African economy IS 
heavily dependent on foreign capital investment 
to accelerate domestic growth and guarantee the 
continuing maturatlon of the private 
manufactunng sector. It is also true that the 
hierarc hical structure of white government is 
directly interrelated with a public official 's 
opmion in respect to the movement of foreign 
capital To belteve then , that the complete 
withdrawal of US. corporations from South Africa 
will not severely shake the power structure m that 

For that is the primary goal of the student 
movement across the nation: to induce an 
omnipotent snowball effect upon .Americans who 
invest in these corporations. As long as the 

. majority of corporate grants for education is pm 
in the hands of the South African government, 
the state, to corporate planners, appears to be a 
safe investment. It is no coincidence that less 
than one percent of the potential black work 
force is employed by .U.S. corporations; these 
corporations have historically acted to sustain 
regimes where a consistent, high Tate of profit 
and low risk stock portfolios can be produced. 
Again it is simply not in the interests of these 
corporations to have their foreign industry in 
order to build up what will finally be recognized . 
as the true name for Southern Africa - Azania. 

We can be sure though that foreign investment 
will be: welcomed by a new South African 
government as it will be necessary for the 
presently Impoverished majority in that region to 
accumulate capital as qUIckly as possible in order 
to feed their people , induce rapid reforms in the 
areas of education, land redistribution , 
accelerating rates of inflations, unemployment and 
social democracy. 

To say, as many critics of divestment do, that 
further investment in companies that do business 
in South Africa would .induce any substantial 
change in the . lives of most black South Africans 
in the next 50 years is evading the fact that the 
dismantlement of a system so grossly inhumane, 
th at being apartheid, cannot wait, and should not 
be made to wait, another moment more. To pause 
furthe r, to "constructlvely engage," as our count ry 
has done SlOce the Itrst European landed on 
Southern Afnca n shores. IS to furthe r condemn 
more South Afncan hlack~ to death and misery 
O n the other hand , lull di vestment along With 
economic san ctions will hasten the day of 
democraql 

It IS Simply a shallow understanding of the 
weight of political economic pressure upon an 
isolated government to think that Western Europe 
and Japan wtll continue to conSider their type of 
economic strUCture (apartheid) a safe invesunent. 
You can expel! the Citizens of bOlh Europe and 
Japan to qUIc kly pick up the divestment gauntlet 
I f their compantes choose to bu} these . 
democratically reprehenSible tocks. [I we deSire 
to s lOce rely help black Africans. we can encourage 
instltutlons Ilkc the Umverslty o f Caltforma to 
re10vest th e $2.4 bilhon that Will flow from 
divestment 10 newly created industrles for hlack 
workers. Instead of perpetuatlng the system f 
apa rtheid by enabling the white government to 
Incrementally adjust to further foreign \TIvcstment, 
students, diverse ethnic groups, progressive' 
POhtlclans and pnvate community members are 
encouraging this nation to reinvest 10 Justlce and 
support the cries of the African National 
Congress, Bishop Desmond Tutu and hlack trade 
unionists for divestment. 

In order to productively pressure the South 
African white minority government into realiZing 
that egalitanamsm on the global scale is 
Inevitable ; institutions of the United tates, If they 
Wish to be at the forefront of democracy in the 
future , must Immediately disassociate themselves 
from the evilness @f apartheid . -MJC 

Monday, January 27, 1986 

OPINIONS 

Whe~e does your interest lie? 

Cultivate your ,own garden 
By MONTE ROSEN, Staff Writer 

T HERE IS a certain discomfort which accompanies raCist, sexist 
and class motivated discourse. 
Discourse, which when uttered 
by a member of the economically 
elite class, at least can be 
understood as motivated by self-
interest. Yet it is rare to hear a 
white male politico publically 
disparage minorities because of 
their race, sex or demographic 
status, whether or not he believes 
it. Rare these days and 'even 
illegal, but jingoistic bigots still 
walk the streets and make public 
policy. Anyone who doesn't 
believe that this is true dwells in 
Disneyland. But this article seeks· 
not to unveil the rich, white, 
male bigot where he dwells, it 
seeks instead to pose the 
question, where does your self-
interest lie, to the patsy, the 
house slave, and to the poonnan. 

When I spoke of discomfort at 
the bigoted utterance, I meant 
the existential experience of 
hypocricy and cynical bad faith , 
wbich results from the 
debasement of the ideal equality, 
to such an unprincipled and 
degenerated level, as presently 
exists in this modem state. But it 
isn't the purveyors, nor 
purloiners of this state which I 
am critical of. .. at least not this 
time around. I direct my wrath at 
those who stand to gain equali ty 
from the practice of equality, and 
who absurdly attack the agents, 
the movements, and the 
principles seeking to protect 
equality. There is nothing more 
despicable than a woman 
attacking the principles of 
feminism , than a person of color 
attacking the principles 
underlying affirmative a tion , 
than a poverty·stricken 
individual defending the luxuries 
and privileges of class. This 
statement is uttered not to imply 
that these things are above 
criticism, like sacred liberal cows, 
nor to deny these individuals 
their rights to vent their views. 
Rather what I mean to imply is 
that the counterproductive, and 
intentionally self-destructive 
attitude of this ami-minority 

INVITES YOU TO ATTEt«> A 
fREE INFORMATIONAL 

FORUM. 
'Business School andtheGMAT" 

MARY McNULTY 
Administrator 

RSVP: 

CUSSES ON CAMPUS 
H80 Clairemonl 

Mtsa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 
92117-2006 

(619) 277-67"" 

"minority" is what is despicable. 
Self-hate, in the covert forms 
described above wiU be shown to 
be the very disease which we 
must aU confront ourselves and 
come to terms with. 

However, these forms are 
phenomenon, known and 
documented. During the crisis of 
the Ghettos in Germany and 
Poland, preceeding and directly 
leading to the Holocaust, the 
jews that placed their national 
status before their religious and 
cultural heritage acted as Ghetto 
police. Empowered by their 
racist governmental authorities 
these ann-semitic jews rounded 
up and helped ship off to the 
extermination camps, all those of 
jewisb descent. Their reward was 
the same treatment. Likewise, 
Malcom X, in an enlightened 
speech, defmed a phenomenon 
which occurred m the pre-Civil 
War South whereby two classes 
of slaves arose, the house slave 
and the field slave. Since the 
field slave was forced to perform 
hard labor, in the conditions 
which even then were 
characterized by the economics 
of obsolescence, (a euphemism 
for the fact that it was cheaper to 
work a slave to death rather than 
continuously feed, clothe and 
house him), they had a greater 
tendency to resist, rebel and 
runaway than did the house 
slave . After all why should the 
house slave resist, when he 
dressed , ate and slept exactly as 
the master? His interests and the 
master's interest could not be 
differ\!ntiated. And this 
phenomenon remains real, even 
now. Thus, 'in effect, the worst 
anti-semites are often jews, the 
worst sexists are traditional 
women , and those who are most 
explOited are, more often than 
nOt, the mOSt vocal defenders of 
class interests. But even 
understanding these counter-
intuitive and repulsive notions is 
not nearly an answer to why 

individ~1s betray themselves 
and others to the oppressors. 

The persistence of inequality 
impinges on limited individual 
consciousness, like a natural law 

TRAVEL 
BARGAINS 

TOKYO 
5569 

AMSTERDAM 
5499 

LONDON 
5478 

452-0630 

or a fait accompli. Helplessness 
and inability to act in response 
results directly from lack of 
power. The psychological 
response is to imitate one's 
oppressor, to become just hke 
him, in order to alleviate the fear 
of being a victim , and to decoy 
the master to the rebel, the 
"troublemaker." From this line of 
analysis, the working of 
domination become more clear. 
But in this SOCiety, the oppressor 
has become more subtle - self-
interest becomes more hidden 

3¢ XEROX COPIES 
WITH STUDENT ID 

We take 
the hassle out-

• POital Mailbox Rental •• 
Open 24 hrs. 

• Parcel Shippina. 
F"d. Expr"ss, UPS, Purola!or 
• Mailinl Material •• 

• Audio Cauette Dupin". 
• Pa .. port Photos. 

3368 Governor Dr. #F 
nt.'rt to Int.' Po t 011&....: 
In tlk' Bt..: &:ur G."t'Ih." 

(619) 457-1072 
Mon.-Fri. 8 am-7 pm 

Sat. 8 am-6 pm 

wlthm corporate and industrial 
interests. Inequality becomes 
justified in tenns of benefit to 
the majority at the expense of a 
less powerful minority. Minority 
rights are limited to parcels 
granted to many factionalized 
interests, who if they could only 
become unified would in fact be 
the majority. 

However, the lesson in South 
Africa shows us well. that 
regardless of numbers oppression 
and inequality depend upon the 
wielders of VIOlence to maintain 
thei r privilege. It is crystal clear 
in this historical and political 
instance, just as it was clear 
during the civil rights movement 
in this country, how important 
both equal rights under 
instirutional law, and the 
economic self-determination of 
all people are to the 
manifestation of equality. Slowly, 
equality begins to define itself 
out of actual historical events. 

Equality enters the smallest 
encounter between two people , 
and the largest relation between 
superpowers. Being human 
means being equal, yet it must be 
more - must be more, because 
affirming another's equality is 
problematic - what if they don't 
affirm mine? Hence the fear 
results in the accumulations of 
property, the solidifications of 
power and the continued 
domination of master over slave. 
This perpetuating recreation of 
domination traps everyone, 
regardless of position, into an 
unchosen role, which Bishop 
Tutu described in his speech: 
" ... unless all are made free 
where only some are free , aU will 
remam unfree." And this truism 
is consistent With relations of 
equality. 

For example. when pOinting 
the finger ar economic inequality, 
as the scourge of free enterpnse, 
one inevitably elicits the 
reactionary response that 
competition eliminates the 
freeloader. This is an amazing 
fonn of myopia, in that the 
creation of small percentages 
with large accumulations, actually 
leads to the need for welfare 

since large percentages have 
nothing. And still the progressive 
notion that money materializes 
miraculously out of the relations 
of production isn't giving human 
greed its due. There is a peculiar 
drive to be unequal, to be 
different than everyone else, 
which drives the consumption 
and productive cycles. There is 
also a peculiar drive to be just 
like someone else, to be cool or 
hip. It's enough to drive an 
analysis into terminal 
contradictions. What is clear is 
that economic equality is a 
balance between production and 
consumption, between labor and 
the benefits of labor, a balance 
better left to political economists 
to argue about. 

What lies in store for this 
analYSIS is a personal strategy for 
facing the mequality perpetuated 
m this society. The fact is that 
we must aU acknowledge our 
own racist, sexist and classist 
beliefs. Not only as a form of 
confession to ourselves and our 
society, but as a fonn of cure, 
one we must reaffirm until the 
end of inequality. We all have 
eyes and most have a 
distinguishing mind, both of 
which grant the power of 
knowing one's self and others as 
distinct entities. For the most 
part we perceive color and form , 
both of which characterize 
differences between us. Yet this 
is not enough to produce the 
racism, sexism and classism of 
which evetyone is guilty. Our 
hiStory, both personal and 
culTUral, throws us into the 
conditions of our illness. Our 
separate classes, our diverse 
sexual roles, our races all act to 
create the real material 
conditions by which we can all 
be characterized as racist, sexist 
and classist. 

Statements beginning: There 
are twO kinds of blacks ... , The 
only thing women can do ... , 
The way s/ he dresses - all have 
one thing in common - fear. 
Discrimination is the attempt to 
define and characterize another 
human being into a non-

pJeue tum to pagt 6 

"Modem man lives in sleep. 
Only by beginning to remember 

himself does a man really awaken. II 

THE TEACHINGS 
OF Gl)RDJIEFF 
- first of a series of talks -

Tuesday, January 28, 1986 
7:00 - 9:00 PM 

Room 2113 
Applied Physics & Mathematics Bldg. 

UCSD Muir Campus 
- Admission Free -



6 Monday. Junuary 27.1986 
OPINIONS 

LUT ms L tTT fRSL~!~~~~p~ ~~!~~S Lf:~I~~~:L~~~;~~n L f~u~~~~~i~~~~~ Racial 
Comm. talks neTcchessary. .. .. We have all seen the raffies and rights. It would be more accurate • 

e communications major IS . . I' r f d r h h Id h h Editor: II h ' ~ d t petitions cal mg lor ree om lOr to say e s ou ave t ese d 
Have you ever turned on the an exce bnt c ~Ice yb0r a stu en [he people of South Africa. And . rights. The events after Bishop gar ens 

television and wondered why? I ;th dou ts a~ rna ~ ev~ in doi ng these things. in calling Tutu's speech made it painfully 
am a communications maJ'or Ifsgu,.st over t e popu r m es for divestment and condemning clear that he does not. As 

o Inlormanon transmiSSIOn. . f h ' h d d d h ' (with a professed interest in H 'f" f d being the bruClhty 0 t at regIme, we Brat er Jc expoun e IS 
J'oumalism) and I have found the owever' hl .you redsatls Ie d have raised the standard of delusions Thursday, the crowd of 

an easy c aIr me la cntlC an I ' d ' . d d h la d d comrnunic~tions program at '11 Chi mora In Ignatlon an ourrage. stu ents w 0 app u e so 
UCSD quite helpful in answering su yearn o~ t ~~;;our Those of us who have loudly Bishop Tutu's call for 
my uneasy questions about trofesslOn , t . e dt 'lI demonstrated so strongly against ideological and political freedom American media. o mmumcauon epartmen WI the system which denies Bishop and equality in South Africa, 

I have often criticized what is SImply annoy you. Tutu and all of the black majoriry became a revolting mass of anger 
broadcast over the major of South Africa the right to voice and self-righteousness. They 
neTWorks and pri nted in leading Kattina Kohanowich their feelings fr~ely in their own tried several times to tear jed's 
papers and magazines, finding it land and to choose what form of sign from him and some 
both limiting and insulting. My An . rth · d government they would have, are members of the mob attacked 
education here has transformed tl-apa el saying that we recognize evil, him physically. And in the 
me into an informed critic and I Editor: inequality and injustice, and that shinin~ spirit of hypocrisy, when 
am satisfied. An Open Letter to the Anti- in the world we would have, the police wrestled one young 

I believe it is essential to Apartheid Movement at UCSD there would be no place for man off of jed', cries of "Leave 
understand why a situation Thursday, a great man spoke these. I once believed that we him alone! " and "Police 
appears deficient before at UCSD. A man of courage . A had the moral authority to make brutality!" arose. I heard someone 
attempting to correct it. If the man of dedication . A man of su h a statement, but that belief shout, "Why don 't you arrest that 
communications department peace. The Bishop Desmond has been deeply shaken . racist pig?" And why did that 
Ignored growing dissatisfaction Tutu of South Africa. He came Another man spoke at the gym Please rum to page 17 
with the structure and content of here to increase our awareness of Thursday. A man most of us 
the medIa and instead taught the the evil system of apartheid, know. A man we have watched 
who, what why, when, where which American investments often with amusement or anger 
and how's of "objective" help support , and to deliver a or pity deliver wild evangelical 
reporting, where would that leave message of gratitude to the rantings in Revelle Plaza. He calls 
me? I would find myself better students in this country who himself Brother jed. Brother Jed 
"prepared" to enter a profession have Joined the struggle against is an irritant. He is a man with 
that I find questionable. that system. But more narrow VISIOn , a narrow mind 

The program I have importantly, he came to give us a and infantile illusions of the 
experienced simply prepares me task. He came to touch the simpli Ity of the world 's 
for a struggle, that IS If I care to conscience of our people with problems. He is, 10 many, a 
pursue corrective measures in the injustice in his country in caricature of religious zeal whIch 
current media practices. the hope that we would act to soils the image of those with true 

Aexibility is another end our participation In that religious faith. He is also, 
advantage I attribute to the IOjustice. Bishop Tutu has asked regardless of our opinion of him, 
communicallons major. I will not our leaders and us to help his a man and a citizen of our 
graduate with a career tagged on people achieve the freedoms, supposedly enlightened political 
to my diploma. Hopefully, I will rights and basic human dignities system. He has, as do we all, the 
enJoy the freedom to seek a which we claim to value so right to voice his beliefs 
poSition that J find acceptable deeply in this country. And there publiciallv and to strive towards 

utters to the editor should 
be double - or triple-spaced 
and ad dresse d to the 
Opinions Editor, the UCSD 
Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla , 
92093. All submissions must 
include the author'S phone 
number and signature; in 
special cases the name will be 
withheld upon request . The 
Guardian reserves the right 
to edit for clarity and space 
considerations. 

Continued from .,. 5 
threatening category, to place 
them at a disadvantageous level 
in relation to one's self. Everyone 
does it, some much worse a nd 
more dogmatically , but everyone 
distinguishes him/ herself over 
others. For those individuals on 
the receiving end, pride is the 
defense and when that fails self-
hate , projected on 10 others like 
them, serves to distinguish them. 
Equality seems to have fled this 
characterization of social 
relations. 

In order to find it I must enter 
my individual consciousness, 
which is known to me as my 
choice . My choice is dictated by 
the information which manages 
to filter past the censorship 
mechanisms given to me by 
educational i'nstitutions , balanced 
on the moral scales ingrained 
thm,ugh countless run-ins with 
authddty, and finally decided 
upon by my meaning-giving 
intuition , which 1 haven't 
managed to exorcise yet. Only 
through critical thinking, and a 
very few personal experiences of 
racism , sexism and classism 
directed against me, (since I am 
a white middle-class male) have I 
chosen not to let my te ndencies 
decide for me, have I chosen to 
seek a cure for my social 
diseases. 

o o UCSD University Events Office prese.nts 
PLl.ASt: JOIN 

TAU KAPPA EPSILON 
----------------------AnD-----------------------

RE5TAURA NT 
&5ALOO N 

flower Hill Mall . 2660 Via de la Valle · 0 .. 1 Mar. CA 92014 
(619) 461 ·8661 

-----------IN SUPPORTING THE---------

MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS SOCIETY 
INA 

CIfARiTY GaL' TOURlYAMEIYT 

IDMA SANTA fE COUNTRY CWB 
MONDAY, fEBRUARY 3, 1986 

Your donation of Seventy-five dollars per player includes 
green fee, cart, bag tag, polo style golf shirt, prizes, appetizers, 

lunch, beer, soft drinks and a cocktail party with appetizers, 

All proceeds ftom this tournament will be donated to 
the San Diego Chapter of the Multiple Sclerosis Society, 

Contact TKf or VALLl ROSf for more Information. 

o 0 

'The Bobs ... funny and weird, voices that echo In )'Our had IonS Iftcr." 
Down But 

'The bat of n~ acepdlis performed by The Bobs,:' 
Bob Edwards, NetJonII Public RadIo 

February 1, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Students $5.00, GA. $9.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $7.00 

UC5D Box Office: 452-4559 
~A 
.,-- _ .. , "* 
_ .......... -

...... -... --

, 

Hot spot for a workout 
By NIKI NEWI.ANDS. ASSOCIate New\ Editor 

M EMBERS OF THE San Diego Fire Department's Station 35 (Eastgate 
Mall) work out at UCSD every 
morning, in accordance with 
Code 9, a physical conditioning 
program. 

Mandated by Chief Art Roberts 
m early 1979, the fitness 
program IS now required by the 
City of San Diego. The program 
keeps firefighters conditioned for 
their jobs and. for a phYS ical 
exam given each year. said Bob 
Pierce , one of the firemen . 
Additionally through the 
program, the ci ty reduces its 
chances of paymg dlsabtlity or 

retirement payments 
Working out at UCSD "helps 

familiarize us with the campus ," 
said Captain Russ Palmer. · W e 
get prefire knowledge by running 
the fire routes through cam pus." 

Every morning between 10:00 
and 11 :00 .am, the shift on duty 
arrives at UCSD to stretch and 
ltmber up in the par course 
between the main gym and Muir 
campus. The crew then proceeds 
to run between 3 and 5 miles on 
a course around the cam pus. 

"We vary the course 
throughout he year," said 
Captam Palmer. "We've been 
running flats and hills (so far). 

Firefigh ters on the main drag draw curious 100115 from some studen ts. 

Films Incorporated Presents 

Beginning In February, It'S lime 
to start work on the stalrwclls. ( 10 
Urey Hall and the MUir d o rms) to 
prepare lor the strength and 
agility tests (each year)." 

The running course the 
department ~as been followmg IS 
exac tly a mile and three quarters. 
It starts at the par course, runs 
through the Muir quad, 
continues up to Peterson Hall, 
through the parking lot, down 
past the Health Center, through 
the Student Cemer, behmd 
Bonner Hall and USB. past the 
Che Cafe. up to Revelle Plaza 
and back to the beginning. 

Gary Emerson, who works . 
overtime for other stations on hiS 
days off, runs several different 
courses around the area. "UCSD 
is the best for relaxation. It has a 
calmmg effect. .. the trees, grass, 
ocean breeze - everything is 
low-keyed: he said. 

"It (UCSD) has something for 
everyone . If you can't run, it's a 
nice place to walk. Sometimes 
you get trapped at the station 
and have tQ run around the 
block. By and large , people don't 
like to run , so it's a lot nicer to 
run o n a vaned course," Said 
Captain Palmer. 

"The atmosphere is the 
motivator," agreed Pierce . 

The crew at station 35 IS 
divided into three shifts: A, B 
and C. Each shift includes eight 
firemen, two paramedics and 
one c hief. 

GOLDIE HAWN CHEVY CHASE 

- ASUCSD-
TUESDAY NIGHT JANUARY 28 
8:00 PM PH 108 $1.00 

1I1mIJ(l)·. j<1II lim) 27. 19H6 7 
NEWS 

~------------~ 
Firefighter AnI! Eliott gets bach mlO unifonn after the moming's workout. 

A shift is on duty 24 hours, 
from 8 am o ne morning to 8 am 
the next Each person works 12 
24-hour shifts per month, with 
the option of working overtime 
for other stations (to replace 
someone who call$ in sick). 

The San Diego Fire Department 
has close to 800 firefighters, 38 
of which are women, presently. 

The department IS hoping to 
hire women who have college 
degrees, said Ann Eliot. the only 

Please rum to page 8 

... 

~ 
~ 
.s: 

" a: 
£' 
i'l ] 
"-



8 M,>n(kll . .I'IIlUc.lI) 27, 1986 
NEWS 

Workout 
Continued from page 7 
woman on the C shift. 

The annual phYSIcal exam is 
the same exam given to fire 
fighters when they enter the 
academy, said Gary Williams, a 
driver for fire station J5 . The 

eight -station evem Involves 
continuous monon from 
beginning to end: 

1. Strength and agility tests 
2, Drag a 117 -lb., 50-ft wet 
ho e through a prescnbed 
course 
3, Drag a 150·lb sled (akin 
to a human body) through a 
tunnel 
4. Raise a ladder (40-50 Ibs.) 
over head. run 10 yards out · 
and back, then remount 
ladder on tru k 

4Vz( 
Self SeNice Copies 

• Copies • Reproductions • 
• Passport Photos. Binding • 

And much more! 

NlWHOURS 

M·Th 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(Near Ralphs & Say-On) 

457-3775 

5. RaIse a tc\esopmg ladder 
to a window, pull ,I 35 foOt 
rope, with a 55-lb. coil of 
hose through the wmdow, 
then lower ladder 
6. Dressed m brush coar and 
helmet (15-20 Ibs.), run up 
to the fourth 0001' With 
bundled hose (55 Ibs.) over 
shoulder and a 3O-lb. air 
boule on back 
7. Drag a 175-lb ., 200-ft dty 
hose 
8. Drag a 75-lb. rescue tool 
(the famous " teel jaws") 

The a ademy requIres that 
new firefIghters complete the test 
in ·10 minutes. Working 
firefighters are allowed six 
minutes, 15 seconds, dnvers 6:30 
and captains 6.45. According to 
Captain Palmer, most of the men 
finish in four and a half minutes. 

"If you fail the exam, you can 
do it again in three months," 
Williams said. "But, the fifth time 
you fail. you're out." 

The tests are given each year, 
usually in the early summer, 
depending on the weather. This 

NEED 
EXTRA 
INCOME? 

year the tests arc chedulcd lor 
May. 

"UCSD IS the perfect place to 
work out for the tests. It is 
relaxing, sceni and there's 
adequate parkmg (for us)," said 
Captain Billy Dayis. 

"We grew up on the 
campus ... affiliated ourselves 
with the school ," said Captam 
Palmer. (Station 35 moved from 
UCSD to Eastgate Mall in 1971.) 
"It's been a custom of this station 
(to work out at UCSD) for eight 
or 10 years." ~ 

L 
PYRAMID 

BIOLOGICAL 
COR RATION 

.Gille Blood, 
Source Plasma 
or join our H·BIG Program 
Whole Blood or Source Plasma - $10 per donation. 
BLOOD DONOR HOURS: 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Monday, Tues· 
day, Thursday & Friday. Closed Wednesday, Saturday & 
Sunday. 1.0. required. Do not eat fried or fatty foods before 
donating. Plasma Program first donation requ ires an ap-
pointment for physical. 

Hepatitis B (H·BIG) Program - Earn from $240 to S900 a 
month while helping others. To qualify, come in fo r a free 
blood test (1) if you are a health care worker, (2) if you've had 
Hepat itis B or had contact, (3) if you 've received the vaccine. 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL CORPORATION 
525 Hawthom Street, Suite 12 (between 5th .. 6th Ave.) 

San Diego, Califomia 92101 • (619~2334481 
A Blood Bank and Plasma Antibody Cenrerdedica ted to the service 
of our community and worldwide health organizations. 

Its the The Best Offer on Contact Lenses ... Everything you need at one low cost. 
Package Plan! 
The Package Plan provides everything-from your flew contact lenses 
to vi ion examinations and foHow-up care. 

$ 7900 Soft daily-wear lenses 
$10900 30-day extended-wear and new fashion-tinted lenses 

This package includes: 
" All professional services 
• Complete eye examination (including glaucoma test and visual fields) 
• Lens evaluation and filling 
• Pair of contact len cs for myopes (nearSigh ted) 
• Care kit 
• Full instructions and training 
• Personal Vision Report 
• 1\vo-month care program and money back guarJntee 
• Plan membership rees 

Daily and extended-wear gas permeable lense are available at very low cost. 
Replacement lenses-costs start at $1700 each . 
Evening and weekend appointments available 
Visa and MasterCard accepted 

PROFESSIONAL Call/he center nearest you 

visioncare L2jolla Center (N~ar l '(..,0, ahow SI. Germain',) .U~I Ilohd.l) c.ourt. SUllt' .W.~ 
CENTERS La Jolia. CA ')20 .~ ~ (619) 457·1181 

Mission Gorgc Ccnter 
(N<:~lr M~Jthulll and ~():-'l ' ) 
10 lOS S'U) Ou:g!) Mb"ioJ1 Rd . !'lllllt: liP 
~an Dlcl(o. ,A <)21tJ1i 
(619) 283-9201 

San Marcos Center 
(In I'la~;1 RIO Vall~) 
Ii I~ San M;lrm~ Blvd., ~1Ii1~ III 
San ,\I:.rlu'. CA <).!()(,9 
(619) 744-2611 

M,Hlaay. ju/lIIu/y 27, 19116 9 

COIl\ll1wlicallOn~ COll1l1l1Ssiollcr Michael Fahlin{sch 's proposal was lite sparh 

You Are Invited 
to: 

A Career Opportunities Presentation 
by 

Alternative 111edia 
threaten recall 

Members of the new indicator 
and Va< Fronteriza are circulating 
two petitions in response to the 
new alternative media funding 
by-laws approved by the A.S. last 
week. 

One petition calls for a ballot 
measure to nullIfy Bill # 118, 
"because it was produced over-
hastily, without serious 
consideration of the involved 
parties and most importandy, 
undemocratically," it says. The 
orher petition requests the recall 
of ASUCSD President Mary Rose 
Alexander, and Communications 
Commissioner Michael 

Fahlbusch, the author of the bill , 
"for violating the Amencan 
Democratic process guaranteed 
under the U.s. Constitution," the 
peti tion says. 

AS Adviser Randy Woodard 
said approximately 2500 
signatures would be needed for 
the initiative proposal and 
approXimately 1200 for the 
recall. 

"It's their constitutional right 
to do this, but I feel pretty 
confident I won't get recalled ," 
Alexander said . 

-Channaine Haravey 

Yes We re Open! 
Monday.Friday lor LUNCH 

NEWS 

General Dynaml~ Corporation 
Thursday, January .30, 1986 Tuesday & Thur$dGY (or BREAKFAST 8·10 am 

7:00 to 8:00 pm - All New Salad Bar -
Revelle formal !Dunge with at least 10 items - all fresh 

Bowl $1.25 Plale$1 .75 
rennanent and Quarterly positions are available 
for Mathematics, Computer Science, fJlgineerlng. 

and Business Graduates and Majors. 
Special Every Monday: AutJaentic Indian Di.h 

- All You Can Eat - 5·7 pm 
Fettucini, Garlic Bread, Green Salad 

Wed. Nile, JanuGTIl 29, onlll $3.50 

SUMMER 1986 25 DAYS 
- An Escorted Tour -

World War II Europe 
London - Normandy - Rhine - Berlin 
FREE BROCHURE: toll free 1-800-237-5377 

._--------------------------------

Watry Battlefield Tours 
10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

"(E Xeep! Mocor '" Transmission Overhaul) 
With This Coupon 

(N.I w Illi ",ilit Q NY "'Ion coq."j 

81 Second Avenue 
Chula Vista, CA 92010 

_ •• "111" ....... 111." Expires Feb. 15. 1986 ..... 1.11 .......... __ .............. . 

finally, an alternative for faculty, staff, and students. .. 

Grob Network 
computer software, accessories and supplies 

discount prices 

..----INTRODUCTORY SP[CIALS-
free disks with software purchase 
free paper with ribbon purchase . 
free cable with printer purchase 

free delivery to the UCSD campus W surrounding communities 
ror product Information and to order, 

call 457-0216 
10 AM - 4 PM Monday through I'rlday 

a student owned and operated company 
P~IWIS • PAPI:R· RlBlIOrtS • DISKS· CAlSLl.S • IIOOKS • MOOI:MS • PRlml:RS • BUrrt:RS • DRIV~ • IrrURl'ACI:S • GIWtIICS CARDS , JOYSnCKS • MICI: 



ENTERTAINMENT 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
12:.SIOO pm - "Assume The Posit ion." 
new paintings and sculptures by Michael 
Soriano and Anne Bagasao. Annex Gallery. 
Open dally 12-5 pm. Closing reception 
Friday. January 31. 7-11 pm. Free. 
TUESDAY 
8:00 pm - Akeda: The Binding. a one act 
opera by UCSD composer Peter Ward. based 
on two ancient stories of child sacrafice -
Isaac & Iphigenia - music. dance. lights. In 
Mandeville AudItorium. General admISSIon 
54. students/ seniors/ staff 52. 
WEDNESDAY 
2:00 & 8:00 pm - Akeda: The BIndIng. a 
one act opera by UCSD composer Peter 
Ward. based on two anCIent stories of chIld 
sacrafice - Isaac & Iphigenia - music. 
dance. lights. In Mandeville Auditorium. 
General admiSSIon 54. students/ seniors/staff 
52. 
lHURSDAY 
8:00 pm - Atomicafe: Forum for Graduate 
Composers. In the Recital Hall. Free. 
FRIDAY 
8:00 pm - String Trio of New York: the 
latest in Chamber Jazz. Billy Bang. violin. yo 
ko bue flute. gong; James Emel)'. guitar; 
John Undberg. bass. In the Recital Hall. 
General admission 55. students/ seniors/ staff 
52. 
ORGANaAnONALMEFnNG 
MONDAY 

5:O~ 7:00 pm - Journal of Undergraduate 
Researcn is having a crudal meeting for all 
editors/readers. Attend our meeting for a fun 
learning experience. Call Kathleen at x3917. 
In the U.S. Grants Office. 2nd floor Student 
Center:. 
TUESDAY 
5:00 pm - Undergraduate Psychology 
A ssoci ation : First inaugural meeting. 
Relevant issues concerning UCSD psych 
majors. Guest speaker: Dr. Ebbe Ebbesen. 
Psychology Dept. Chair. In PH 102. 
WEDNESDAY 
5:00 pm - American Chemical Sodety -
Student Affiliate meetIng. Guest speakers 
concerning graduate school at the University 
of Washington In chemistI)' and the medical 
sciences . Everyone welcome. Free 
refreshments. In UH 1000. 
lHURSDAY 
1 ':00 .... - UEO Music Committee 
meeting. We will be planning events for the 
Fall - anyone interested is welcome. In the 
University Events Office. 
1 hOO am-IZIOO pm - Good food and 
good nutntion is important for everyone. 
especially diabetics. If you are a diabetic or 
interested in learning more about diabetes 
please come to the Diabetic Support Group 
meeting 12nd floor SHS) to hear Ron Brown. 
Registered Dletition. dISCUSS current and 
valuable information about health and diet. 
5:30 pm - International Club meeting 
featuring a presentation by members of the 
world peace organization strMng to end 
global conflict: Beyond War. Refreshments 
and disrussion to follow. Take a stucly break 
and expand your horizons. In the 
International Center Lounge. 
RECREAT10N 
TUESDAY 
7:00 pm - Surf Club meets. Numerous T-
shirtS available. Come find out about the surf 
club semi-formal. Also. video entertainment 
will be shown. In HSS 1305. 

he Weekly 

tHURSDAY 
5:4S pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
food and great companyl Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
University Lutheran Church. Donation S2. . 
SATURDAY 
8:00 am - All-Campus Racquetball 
Tournament - men's & women's singles: 
open & B dMsions. In the Canyonview 
Racquetball Courts. 

7:00 am-10rOO pm - Cross-Countl)' Ski 
Day Trip to Mt. San Jacinto: Via Palm Springs 
Aerial Tramway. Indudes: transportation. 
equipment tram ticket. basic cross-countl)' 
ski lesson. No experience necessal)'. There is 
a lodge with cafeteria and bar. Meet at 
Canyonview Outdoor Rec. Equipment Room. 
S30. 
SATURDAY-SUNDAY 

7~UIOO pm - Ice skating/movie and 
slumber party. It's been long time since 
you've been to a slumber party. huh? Well. 
join the international club for a night of ice 
skating at UK. lmeet at 7 pm at the 
International Center) followed L'y a video 
movie and sleepover in the International 
Center Lounge. Breakfast in the morning. 
Sig1 up and pre-pay at the International 
Center Office. 55. 
REUGIOUS FUNCT10N 
MONDAY 
7:00 pm - Asian American ChristIan 

FellolNShip. Wanna take a break from your 
studies? Come join us for a good time of fun 
and fellowship. Ray I from Maranatha Chapel) 
will be our guest speaker and he'II be talking 
about "The Person God Uses." In Muir Bio 
Bldg. 1103. . 
7100 pm - Campus Crusade For Christ 
invites you to take a ~ break and join us in 
a stucly of Acts 8. singing & fellowship. In BH 
2105. 

TUESDAY-FillDAY 
SlOG pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lkliversity Lutheran Church. 

TUESDAY 
7:10 pm - Tuesday Night Disrussion 
Group. An opportunity to explore with 
others what it means to be a Catholic in the 
1980·s. Come with your questions I. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. In the Catholic Lounge at 
University Lutheran Church. 
8zOO pm - Seminar. "Searching for Spiritual 
Roots." conmtinues with Pastor .kJ1Yl Huber 
speaking on "Our Biblical Roots." All are 
welcome. In the lounge at University 
Lutheran Church. 

WEDN~Y 
6:00 pm - Student/young Asult supper 
sponsored by the Lutheran Community at 
UCSD. open to all. At the University Lutheran 

Churm. across the street from Revelle 
College. 
7100 pm - "Romans 3" is the Bible Study 
topic sponsored by the Lutheran CommunIty 
at UCSD. open to ~. In the Iol(nge at 
University Lutheran Church. across the street 
from Urey Hall parking lot 
7100 pm - Bible Stue¥- A time to discover 
the meaning of God's Word in our daily lives. 
Come celebrate with usl Sponsored by tile 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
Catholic Lounge at the Lkllverslty Lutheran 
Churm. 
IChOO pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel at l,hiversity Lutheran Church. 

THURSDAY 
7130 pm - Lklited Campus MinisCl)' Bible 
Stucly at Sun House. Eads & Kline Sts. La Jolla. 
Join us for weekly fellowship. additional 
activities planned for the quarter. contact 
campus minister. Rev. Bob Wagener, Office 
of Religious Affairs x2521 for schedule. 

FRIDAY 
6:30 pm - Oneg Shabbat. Come share the 
Shabbat with the l..klion of Jewish Students. 
Service. food. good comparry. In the North 
Conference Room. 

SATURDAY 
SIOO pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Cornrnunity at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of University Lutheran Church. 

SUNDAY 
8100 & 10100 .... - Episcopal Church 
Worship Service: Sunday Eucharist and Parish 
fellowship. In the Good Samaritan Episcopal 
Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall acrosS Genessee 
from ·east end of campus. north of La Jolla 
Village Dr. intersection of Eastgate Mall and 
Genessee. 
8110 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of tile Lkliverslty Lutheran Churcn. 
10rOO am - Lutheran ~hip service. led 
by CarJ1)us Pastor John Huber. Open to all. 
In tile Chapel of Lkliversity Lutheran Churcn. 
across the street from UCSD. 
10,30 am - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSO. In tile 
Lower Level Conference Room. Student 
Center Bldg. 8. 
5100 .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In tile 
Lkliversity Lutlleran Churcn. 
7100 pm - l.k1iversity Christian Worship 
sponsored by the Lutlleran. Episcopal. 
Sojourners and Lklited Campus Ministries. 
EveIJUr1e is welcome. In the Chapel of 
University Lutheran Church. west of Revelle 
College. 

LECTURE 
WEDNESDAY 
7100 pm - SAM. Sooety for Advancement 
of Management presents " The Buck Stol)'. " a 
disrussion with Chuck Buck. president of 
Buck KnIVes. Inc. Free admission. All Invited in 
HL 1438. 

SERVICES/WORICSHOPS 
MONDAY-'RlDAY 
9:00 ..... )100 pm - What areyou waiting 
for?1 ASIO's deadline for spring quarter San 
Diego internships and summer national 
internships is this Fridayll Come to the ASIO 
on the 2nd floor of the Student Center above 
the gameroom and find out what an 
internship can do for youl Don't miss out on a 
great opportunity. 452-4689. 
MONDAY 
• 2:.':00 pm - Let Go Of Stress And 
Relax. For all UCSD' students. this group is 
designed to teach methods of relaxing and 
dealing with stress which can be used for a 
lIfetime. Techniques will include breathing 
exercises. biofeedback. progressIve 
relaxation. autogenic training. gu ided 
imageI)'. meditation. self-hypnosis and time-
management. Meets each week this quarter. 
Students may attend all sessions or drop into 
any one of them as convenient. Led by 
Maynard Brusman. Students should call 
Becca at 452-3755 for information and sign 
up. In HL 1003. 

2:0~)1OO pm - It's almost spring and you 
all know what that means ... your hormone 
levels skyroCket. Be prepared. Come to the 
Birth Control Information Session. It's 
confidential. informative and necessl)' for the 
weeks ahead. Upstairs in the Student Health 
Center. 

1~:3O pm - Overcoming Compulsive 
Eating/RED III. During weeks 1-3. new 
members will be accepted in this group 
\IvtIich is designed to manage compulsive 
eating patterns. Leaders and members will be 
encouraged to take an active role in the 
recovery process through outside concacr 
and homelM>rk. Chronic dieting. building of 
effective coping styles. fostering of intimacy 
will all be a focus of group time. Led by 
Lorraine Watson and peer counselor. Call 
Lorraine at 452-3987 for information and 
sign up. In Dr. Harju's office. WC 302. 

TUESDAY 
.~10100 am - Adults Molested As 
Children Group. A group for men and 
women who were molested in childhood or 
adolescence by strangers. acquaintances 
and/or family members. Interested students 
should call Miriam losupovid 1452-3755) or 
Lorraine Watson 1452-3987) for information. 
If you cannot make this time please call and 
make an indMdual appointment as group 
time may be changed. In HL 1003. 
9IOO-.0z00 am - Support/Therapy Group 
for Gay/Bisexual men Graduate Students. 
Fod may include sucn topics as: balandng 
personal and professional identity. 
reconciling homophobia. forming and 
maintaining personal relationships. and 
interacting with gay and no~ peers. Led 
by Marc Weinberger and Steve Brady. 
Students can call Marc or Steve at 452-3755 
for infoonation. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
12=-1100 pm - What did Mr. & Mrs. 
Kadafi. Mr. & Mrs. Sluggo and Mr. & Mrs. 
Manilow forget to do that they should have 
done7 That·s right they should have 
attended the Birth Control Inlbrmation 
Session this Tuesday and every Tuesday from 
12 to I upstairsatyourStudentHealtl1 Center. 
Don't make the same mistake at these 
couples. pleasell 

1~211S pm - Relationship Addicts 
Group. Ongoing counseling for students 
VIIflo feel compelled to be in a relationship 
whether or not it is healt~ and fulfilling. The 
group will focus on discriminating between 
nurturing and addictive relationships. Led by 
Steve Brady and Rochelle Bastien. Call Steve 
at 452-3755 or Rochelle at 452-3035 lOr 
information and sign-up. In HL 1003. 
4100-5100 pm - Informational meeting 
regarding the Recovering from Eating 
Disorders Program sponsored by 
Psychological and Counseling Services. In HL 
1003. 

WEDNESDAY 
9~10aH am - Graduate Women in 
Humanities. This is a 1I'.~ldy support group 
for gra:luate women students in the 
Humanities concerned with personal. 
pro~ional and academic issues. Led by 
Miriam losupovid and Heather Laird. 452-
3755. Call Miriam for information and sign 
up. In HL 1003. 
12=-1100 pm - A decision not to use 
birth control is a dedsion to become 
pregnant. Learn the methods and 
effectiveness ratings of the newest forms of 
birth control at the Birth Control Information 
Session. Be informed. ~stairs at the Student 
Health Center. 

alenda 

VhuW~ b,.. Juhn A~hlee 

Monday. January 27. 1986 11 

~:3O pm - Campus Black Forum. A 
weekly. informal discussion group on the 
issues. concems. and the quality of life of the 
Black community at UCSD. This is an ongoing 
group and students can join at any time. 
Students can call leaders Phil Raphael at 452-
3755 or Rocnelle Bastien at 452-3035 if they 
have any questions; otherwise they canjust 
come to the group. In the Mountain View 
Lounge. 
):)0.5:00 pm - Group for Artistic and 
Creative Students. Often creative indMduals 
exper ience impasse. overwhelm . and 
confusion in accomplishing their projects. 
Sometimes the creative direction itself lacks 
focus or interferes w ith o ther parts of life. 
Join with peers In exploring alternative 
avenues towards creative production and 
life. Led by David DeBus. In HL 1003. 
THURSDAY 
•• :45. am-12:4S pm - 7 Week Weight 
Management and Control Workshop. The 
goal of this group is permanent weight loss. 
Participants will learn how to break the yo-yo 

~tem of weight loss and weight gain. 
Sessions will focus on nutrition. exerdse and 
health. Call Becca at 452-3755 for 
information and sign up. Enrollment limited. 
In HL 1003. 
• 2:~ 1 :00 pm - Women - Learn more 
about your health. gynecological exams. 
nutrition and "Infection Control." Attend the 
Well Woman Session at Student Health - It's 
]<)ur bocly. leam about it. take care of it On 
the 2nd floor of SHS. 
1 rO~2:3O pm - Recovering from Eating 
Disorders Group IRED II). This group is 
designed for students who have already 
worked on eating disorders and are currently 
in the process of gMng up a serious eating 
problem. Focus will be on other areas of 
living while offering support throug, this 
transitional time. Led by Miriam losupovid 
and peer counselor. Call Miriam at 452-3755 
for information and sign-up. In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge 

1~213O pm - Gay/Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group. On-going confidential 
group for male students questioning their 
sexuality. as well as those who identify as 
gay/bisexual. Meets weekly. Students can 
call leaders. Dr. Steve Brady. Carlos Nelson or 
Marc Weinberger. at 452-3755 for mo~ 
inlbrmation. In HL 1003. 
2:J0.4:OO pm - Overcoming COfTlXJ~ 
Eating/RED III. During weeks 1-3. new 
members will be accepted in this group 
VIIflich is desigrled to manage CDf'IllU~ 
eating patterns. Leaders and memberS will be 
encouraged to take an ~ role ir. the 
rerovery process through outside contact 
and homelNOrk. Chronic dietWlg. building of 
effective coping styles. fostering of intimacy 
will all be a focus of group time. Led by Izzy 
Lerman and peer counselor. Call Izzy at 452-
3755 for information and sign up. In HL 1003. 
6130 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men and 
Women's Discussion Group. If you would like 
support and/or want to talk about secuality 
concerns. come to an informal rap group for 
'M>men and men students led by peer 
counselors who ~ been there. Students 
may attend all sessions or drop in to ant one 
of them as convenient. Call Kevin or .Jernfer 
at 452-GAYS for more information In TCHB 
141. 
FRIDAY 
12100 pm - Graduating Seniors Group. 
This group will focus on transitional issues: 
leaving school/beginning wor!</entering 
graduate school/preparation for the hreal" 
'M>rld. Through a group format students will 
find support. reduce their anxiety and 
develop problem soMng strategies. Led by 
Barbara Czesdk and Luis Nevalo. Students 
can call Becca at 452-3755 for more 
information. In HL 1003. 
2rOO pm - General Therapy Group A:>r 
Older Students. This group is ~ A:>r 
the specific population of older 
lIldergraduate and graduate students. Tht 
focus will be on personal and it Itepet'SO(lai 
concerns of group memberS. -Led ~ Jam 
Andrews and Ube Weiss. Group leaders can 
be reached at 452-3755 for more 
information and to sign up. In Hl 1003. 
ZIOCHIOO ..... - AkDOOI iWld Substala 
Abuse Group. If you've ~ asked MOO' ~ 
a problemT ~ are you do hiwe a ht 
things to talk about Students of i1I"f age or 
histoIy with substcwlces ate 'Netcome to 
part/q)ate in the ~Iy disamioos. 8ebe 
joining the group interested studenB in 
asked to call Becca at 452-3755 to make an 
appointment with otte of our counsdoIs to 
see if the group will meet their need§. Led by 
Dan Munoz and psychological interns. In the 
Revelle Pro\IOst's Office. 



Virtuoso Peter Ward 
creates one-man opera 
By THERESA CASSADAY, scaff Writel 

C OMPOSING an opera IS nO[ usually what students 
. think of when they 

consider a dissertation. Unless of 
course you're Peter Ward, a PhD 
candIdate In the musi 
department. 

Ward has taken up the task of 
writing, composing and 
showcasing a one a t opera tilled 
The Akeda. Performances will be 
at MandeVIlle Audltonum jan. 28 
& 29. 

The Akeda (whIch in Hebrew 
means "the b1Oding") is a 
contemporary opera based upon 
two ancient stories of child 
sacrifice: the biblical Story of the 
saCrIfice of Isaac by Abraham 
and the Greek tale of the 
sacrifIce of Iphigenia by her 
father Agamemnon. 

The writing of the text for the 
opera began when Ward was 
inspired by a song about the 
Abrahaml1saac saCrIfice . His 
research into that story and 
other stories of child sacrifice led 
him to the account in Greek 
history of Agamemnon. Ward 
found that the two stories had 
very intriguing similamies; thcy 
are both about a father who is 
asked by a panicular deiry to 
sacrifice his child . But equally 
intriguing were the differences in 
the twO cultures from whIch the 
stories arose and the many 
interpretations of the actual 
outcome of each of the sacrifices. 
The opera tells about both stories 
and many of the variations of 
the tales are brought out in the 
opera. Ward's intent was to keep 
each Story intact and separate, 

even though they progress, at 
times, Simultaneously. 

"I didn't want to write a 
generic tale about child 
sacrifice." Ward said. Ward 
approaches these tales from a 
different perspective. "I could 
have taken anyone of these two 
stories just as they were: he 
said, "but I didn't. I was very 
intrigued by the historical 
background, and this idea of 
trying to break the myth." He 
was also very careful that he 
didn't "force parallelism". Rather, 
he uses the inherent tension and 
differences between the cultures 
to gIve strength to the opera. 

The emphasis on maintaining 
the integrity of each Story 
presents a challenge to' the 
performers, because the roles of 
Abraham and Agamemnon are 
both performed by one singer. 
Phillip Larson. Also, the dual role 
of lsaac/ lphtgenia is also 
performed by one singer, 

Michelle Spiro. This doubling of 
roles acknowledges the 
similarities of the two stories, yet 
Ward has clearly defined each 
character through the mUSIC, text 
and staging. 

Ward began his musical 
education at East Carolina 
UnIversity. As a senIor, Ward 
composed an electronIc musIC 
piece that he had a fricnd dance 
to at the presentation. "I was 10 a 
very conservative area . The 
depanment didn't lIke it They 
felt it inappropriate ." \v'ard's 
composition teacher advised him 
to "get as far away (rom the 
outh as possIble ," and that's 

what he did . 
Ward moved north to BostOn 

where he acquired hiS masters 
degree at the New England 
Conservatory. where he also 
stepped on conservative toes due 
to his experimental style. As 
Ward said ,"people were freaking 
out" when he disrupted .the 
audience/ viewer etiquette with a 
piece titled "Audience 
Symphony." In this performance, 
Ward had the members of his 
orchestra mIngle with and talk to 
members of the audience. The 
orchestra was instructed to then 
improvise a tune that would 
appeal to the individual 
audience member. Ward felt that 

. the piece had given the audience 
a chance to "blossom: but once 
again his work was considered 
radical and he was further 
advised to "get as far away from 
the East as possible." 

That advice led to California, 
where he found a music 

department that was perfectly 
suited for his needs. The UCSD 
music depanment has a 
progressive atmosphere where 
musical experimentation is 
encouraged rather than looked 
upon with aversion. This enabled 
Ward to begin work on The 
Akeda without reservations. 

Ward began writing the text 
and what was gOing to be a 20 
minute piece, quickly grew to be 
Jlfl hours long. He then began 
chiseling away at that until he 
arrived at a more comfortably 
sized libreua that he could work 
with, 11k hours. 

When composing the music, 
Ward said ,"1 had to waH until 
the IIbretta sang to me. It had to 
present musical ideas to me ." His 
faSCination With the intonation 
and rhythm of speech inOuenced 
the meter and tempo of the 
musIc. The- meter of speech in 
the opera IS vaned and 
unpredictable and that is the 

theme upon which Ward 's musi 
operate . According 10 him the 
musIc "never stays in one meter 
for too long, just when you think 
you have it figured out, it 
changes." Ward composed the 
entire opera on a per onal 
computer. "Without the 
computer," he said , "this thing 
wouldn 't go on." 

It isn't just the lime-consuming 
nature of physically wrlllng the 
musIc that hampers projects like 
thiS, he said. rather, it is the 
expense Involved in paying 
someone to copy parts. The 
computer aVOIds that because it 
has a pnmoul where the musIC . 
comes Out completely wrlUen, 
requiring only reduction . 

Ward sometimes spends up to 
12 hours a day composing at the 
computer. There are problems 
with the PC because the program 
is designed for jingles and pop 
tunes where the meter seldom 
changes. Ward has had to take 
his computer on a lesson in 
wri ti ng opera. "I've used it in 
ways that I don't think the 
people who programmed it ever 
thought it would be used ." He 
has developed a system that 
works , although with a few 
modifications. It is Ward's hope 
that he can someday design a 
program that will allow ItS users 
to compose more complex music 
without all the modifications. 

Ward actually composed the 
opera In his spare time since he 
also had to take on the 
responsibility of producing, 
directing, publicizing and 
organizing the performance. He 

"I was very 
intrigued by the 
historical back-
ground, and this 
idea of trying to 
break the myth (of 
child sacrifice)." . 

-Peter Ward 
on Akeda 

has received lunding and 
suppOrt from the music 
department, and he has also 
attained the help of Steve 
Pearson who is the stage and 
movement director, as well as 
Deborah Dryden who designs 
the costume, Ron RanSon. in 
charge of sets and lighting and 
Susan Imhoff. a dramaturge who 
aided Ward in the editing 
process of the libretta, so Ward 
is not completely without aid . 
However, it is amazing to note 
that Ward has accomplished all 
this and more despite his being 
a Victim of Cerebral Palsy. 

The Akeda will run two 
evenings, Tuesday, jan. 28 and 
Wednesday, jan. 29 at 8 pm in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. _ ~ 

"the writer's in 
IS vacationing In 13ell1.l1 rhb 
week <l nd Will re.lppc.11' 
next week. Check dJr(~ctl)r)' 
lor the tlrn,' .IOU station In 
our Me.,J 

PhD wlldidate Peler Ward has composed, produced, direCled, publicized 
and organized an opera cntH/ed The Akeda. 

When pregnancy 
is brought home 
By KEN FURlE, Conlribwing Editor 

SHE WAS LMNG out evel)' woman's nightmare. She was pregnant, and she was 
only 18 years old. My problem 
was, she is my sister. 

I can write about this now, 
because the whole agonizing 
ordeal is over with and in the 
pas!. For me, tnat is. I don't 
know about my sister. Something ' 
in my heart tells me that she 
won't ever be completely over 
what happened, and now that 1 
am bringing it up to my 
conscious thoughts, the 
tightening of my throat and the 
stinging of my eyes tell me that I 
won't ever really get over it 
either. 

My sister and I had been really 
dose as kids. We were forever 
teaming up against my older 
sister, the black sheep, because 
of our closeness of thought, and 
our unconscious but inevitable 
camaraderie. We were very much 
alike, physically and emotionally. 
But she had a much nicer 
disposition than I. 

She was the sweetest, most 

~. 

innocent, cari ng, compaSSiOnate, 
charming liule sister anyone 
could ever pray for. If you asked 
her to bring you a bowl of ice 

ream, for no reason other than 
that you wanted it; 10 and 
behold , she brought It. he 
brought it! G/adly! Can you 

Imagine a sister who would do 
that? Consistently' If you asked 
which hand she thought the 
terrible, ugly grassnopper was in, 
she ·would actually guess. EveI)' 
time. Sure, she'd run away 
screaming when you released it, 
but she never for a minute 
thought that you might pull a 
stunt like that on her again . She 
was toO trusting. 

We fought. Sure , we fought. 
but that did n't Stop us from 
confiding, and playing together, 
and as we got older, we travelled . 
together and were ski buddies, 
and 1 fixed her up with my best 
friend . Everything was gravy. 

About four years ago, how~ver, 
we started having problems. 1 
think it was really my fault, 
although you couldn't have 
convinced me of that at the time . 
She broke up with my friend , 
and slowly dropped out of high 
school. She got hooked up with 
a crowd of people 1 didn't really 
care for, and I was worried that 
she was getting inco a bad scene. 

I told her nor to. I told her to 

.: 

.. ~ 

be careful; not to ruin her 
chances for the future . I wanted 
her to go to college, like me, and 
have the time of her life . I did 
everything I could to convm e 
her that she was headed in the 
wrong direction . and all I 

P\case tum to page 13 

Mtlll</tly, jal1l4<uy 27, 1986 13 
FEATURES 

Pregnancy at home realization on. I began hugging her again. and I made real efforts to 
communicate . We became 
friend s again . Not like old times; 
no, we'll never quite be th at close 

surprise, I did too. I thought at 
first that the baby should be · 
placed for adoption . When my 
sister deltvered , however, and I 
saw the child, I was incredulous 
to find myself swaying the other 

would have a very rough time 
pursuing a life of her own, 
forever after, if she kept the 
baby. But [ found myself selfishly 
hoping that she would decide 
she was mature enough, loving 
enough , unselfish enough, 
generous enough , and mOther 
enough to keep the baby. 

Continued from page 12 
accomplished was conVincing 
her that. without a doubt, I did 
not approve of whm she was 
doing. 

From the distance of age, she 
had watched her twO cider 
Siblings complete high school 
with honors and a mintmum of 
true rebellion, and she watched 
as her older brother and SISler 
were both accepted at the 
universities of their chOIces, and 
then as they went to them, sem 
back repo'1s of how wonderful 
they were . 

Her high school teachers 
singled her OUt and asked her if 
she had an older brother, and 
told her how much they had 
liked him. And they asked her if 
she had an older sister, and they 
told her how good a student she 
was. 

My little sister did what any 
normal person would do under 
these circumstances. She 
rebelled . Like a house afire she 
rebelled. My family and I grew a 
little concerned. 

she and I stopped confiding in 
each other, and ou'r friend ship 
died . She was afraid of what I 
might lecture her about; I was 
afraid that I would show I was 
disappointed in her. Finally. 
after dropping out of high 
school, squeaking by the 
Proficiency Exam and Oimng 
from job to job over a period of 
four years or so, my sister gOt 
pregnant. 

I don't blame myself directly. 
or anyone, really. I know now 
that what she needed from me , 
her older brOther and good 
friend, was love, understanding, 
affection , suppon, and most of 
all, compassion. All of which I 
never gave her after she started 
down the fateful road to tragedy. 
She got pregnant. NOt my fault , I 
told myself. Not really. Or was It? 
I couldn't help but wonder. 

But the pregnancy produced a 
huge change in me . Sure, in her 
100: she swell.ed up like a beach 
ball and ate everything she could 
get her mouth around. But the 
change in me was even more 
incredible, it seems, because 1 
know I never change.. I'll always 
be the same. I'll always have the 
same opinions and the same 
perceptiOns. I always have ... 

When I saw the child, I fell for 
her. I couldn't help myselr. Up 
until that day, and even now, 1 
firmly hold the belief that no 
baby is cute. But she was. She 
even had my feet. I couldn't get 
over that. She had my Jeet! They 
were narrow at the heel, and 
very broad at the knuckles, with 
the second toe protruding far 
beyond the big LOe , and the 
lesser toes curled under 
somewhat. She had my feet. God, 
I can't imagine what strength it 
must have taken for my 
wonderful , wise sister to give the 
sweet thmg up. 

She did . The girl is happily 
placed With her adoptive 
parents, and my family and I are 
still recovering from the shell-
shock brought on by a seven-
pound, four-ounce infant. 

My problem was, that instead 
of understanding her need to 
separate herself from her 
predecessors and be her own 
person, I took it as a betrayal of 
herself a.nd the potentialities of 
her life. 1 didn't approve. She 
was clever, I thought, even 
brilliant, sometimes creative, 
often logical, and she was 
ruining herself. So 1 thought. 

I realized what I had been 
doing for four years. I realized 
that I had been insensitive and a 
snob. 1 realized that I had hurt 
her; her, who I cared so much 
about. 1 changed, from that 

again . But for the first time in 
four years, we were truly honest 
with each other. 

way. I, rational, logical, stiff older 
brother; deep in my heart I 
wanted her to keep the baby girl. 
I knew that my sister could not 
afford her, and I knew that she 

My respect and empathy for 
my sister have transcended any 
limits. For her to go against her 
very heart, and understand that 
the child had a better chance at 
happiness in the embrace of 
another family, is almost beyond 
my comprehension. If I were in 
the same pOSition , I don't know 
if I could have done it. 

But she called me yesterday. 
We talked . I'm smiling right now, 
as I write this . .. I have my dear 

It got worse and worse, and 
Then came the baby. She had 

a hard time of it. and, to my friend back. ~ 

WOMEN'S BASKETBALL 
&rP" aiR lIanD 

QOIII:GBC 
FRI, JANUARY 31 

and 
TUES, FEBRUARY 4 

7:30 PM 
J\WN 
GYM 

INTmCOLl£GIATE ATHLETICS 
DEPT. OF PHYSICAL EDUCATION 

Student Premium - 553.00 
Spouse - $66.25 
Children - $66.2.5 

'--------per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications ae available or 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 452-3300 

IFE DOESN'T HAVE TO BE A PIE IN THE FACE. 
EDITING FEATURES FOR THE GUARDIAN. 

CALL PHIL WILLON, 452-6580. 

The home of the· 
39¢ hamburger . ~ ! __ ..J.-::;--

"",,"(J 7 J 40 Miramar Rd. 
f@-------------------~ ---ALLAMERICANMEAL--Quarter Pounde" or Big Mace with Cheese, 
II Large Fry, Medium-Size Soft Drink u.h ,.iu< I l\) 01 I "ne 
II Llmil o ne (oupon per J $1 99 II customer. per visit. Please . US t • II prescnt coupon whcn (plus tall) 
II ordenng. I 01 valid with any other offer. Only at: 
II 7 14l) Miramar Rd . 

tel Good thru Sa n Di~lo ~ ~arCh~~86 _______ ,i 



UCSDMen 
defeat 
LaVerne 
U CSD'S MEN'S basketball team defeated LaVerne last Wednesday 93-82 to 
move their record to 9-10 In a 
non-conference game at laVerne. 

Brian Backens led a balanced 
Triton's aHack with 18 points on 
8-11 shooting from the floor 
Greg Kamansky tallied 13 points 
and center And)' Jedynak 
blocked four shots. Jim Smah 
had five assists and Mark 
Sutherlin pulled down seven 
rebounds to lead the Tncon 

Can you fill this man's s~oes? . 

UCSD bUIlt up a big half-time 
lead. 57-35 and held off a late 
rally to beat 1-17 laVerne The 
Tritons went to the line 25 times 
(convert ing 17), while their 
opponents gOt to the chanT)' Bnan BacllCllS pumped In 18 against La \feme. 

The Air J orrum Writing Contest IS commg soon 
stri()Cs only seven time . ~ 

Kim Swnecirher exhibits rextbooR (om1 on a 'J" ~'ersLi La Verne . 

USD rolls over UCSD 
T HE CROSS-TOWN rivalry between USD and the women's UCSD 
basketball game Friday nIght 
turned into a rout for the 
Torreras who won 69-48 on their 
home coun. 

The Tntons were badly 
utrebounded by the taller 

Torreras 39-28. UCSD trailed 39-
28 at halftime and neve r 
threate ned in the second half. 

It was UCSD's first loss In 
1986 The T mons played 
Saturday In RiverSide and return 
home thiS Friday at 7:30 pm in 
the gym. ~ 

The Weekend in Review 

Golf; UCIA/ Bill Bryant Tournament 
Team 
1. UTEP 
2. Long Beach 

Scores 
915 
916 
917 
991 

3. UCI 
15. UCSD 

Women's Basketball 
USD Defeated UCSD 6948 

Men's Basketball 
UCSD defeated laVerne 93-82 

Men 's Tennis 
SD U 8 - UCSD 1 

By JOHN SCHACHT. SpOIlS Ec/lcor. 
&- GUS SANTAYO, C(l lltn/J14clIIg Edltol 

Bad news, so kill the messenger ... 
Some of UCSD's athletes got together last week to 

vOice their complaints about the Gua rdial1 sports 
pages. Thc>, were up et over a story we ran "about" 
the Chargers movmg [rom UCSD. Seems as though 
we forgot to put the moral of the story in the . 
headline for them. But had those of you who (all 
read further. you have seen that the angle - tl1,1('s a 
Journahst term we're sure you're unfamiliar with -
was not about the Chargers, but, on the contrary, 
about the UCSO athletic community. 

Specifically. th~ article portrayed the dilTerences 
between tWO athletic programs and their dllTenng 
views toward athletes m general. SOSU IS busy 
thInkmg of ways to generate funds for their a~nletes 
hy having the Chargers on their campus. UCSO -
for a decade, thl' Chargers' host - is not dnd has 
not. That's news folks . and it affects you - the 
athletes - more than anyone. The Story would run 
agaIn and will when any new developmcnts arise. 

Typos, press errors and other mi~takes are an 
unfortuna te part of hfe at the Guardian . We are, 
after all, a studer.t newspaper, and as such are . 
merely seeking to learn a tra~e . Your comments m 
this area are not only appreCIated, they are 
encouraged. 

But your leiter insinuated that we don't spend 
enough time cove ring UCSD's athletes, who put m 
"twelve-15 hours a week of hard work" for thclr 
sports. We suggest that you visi t the GUaI'dum at 
midn ight on a Wed nesday or Sund ay, after onc of 
our 12-15 days. Or. we suggest that you pia)' editor 
for a week and try to cover UCSO's multitudc of 
mtercollegiate, club and intramural teams WIth SIX 
staff writers, all of whom arc students whosc cbss 
and work scI- edulcs often dictate that they can't 
"hang OUt" With the athletcs. 

Except for obVIOUS, rudimentary jall), pas 
(congratulations on finding them), the truth IS ~ha l 
the majorIty 01 athle tes as well as some Insldc the 
department Itself know very little about JournalIsm. 
Your suggestions that the Guardian has becn (and" 
can again be) a "pOSlllve force for UCSD .Hhletl(s 
excmplifIes thi!.. ewspapers arc not reposltones for 
athletic department advertiS ing (read the LA., TlllIes 
and believe It, brothers and sisters.) Wc don t tlo 
P.R. , nor arc wc he re to fra terni ze with the athle tes. 

We arc not he re to cheerlead. but to cove r the 
sporting eve nts that we can, as fairly and objectively 
as our li mIted staff ef)ab le us. 

The mIndset you exhibit runs throughout this 
athletic department. One official had the ga ll to 
cla im that th e puny attendance at the recent La Jolla 
Basketball Classi was due to thc [act that the 
Guardian did not 'hype' the event. Aside fro m the 
f,lC t that each of the three prevIOus Issues carried 
l)a kicker and a story 2)a banner head and a story 
and 3)a calendar of game tlInes for the "classic." thc 
poor attendance had distinctly different roots. 
Similarly, when the men's soccer team drew a big 
(for UCSD) crowd of 1.200, the GuardlCln had very 
lillie to do wi th It. The "positive forcc" was a 19-0 
record and a playo ll game <lgai nst .1 hated rival. 
Consider that Claremont-Mudd Scripps College -
roughly one tenth the SIZC of UCSD - generates 
Sim ilarly size crowds and you begIn to hit the 
problem - apathy. 

The Guardlal1 hJS SIX staff wri te rs to cover all the 
campus sports because students - with the nat~ral 
exception of th e athletes themselves - Just are n t 
going to get real worked up over a game agamst 
Notre Dame of California. Put the real Notre Dame 
in the gym. and not only will the gym be full , but so 
will the Guardian . With wrIters beggIng to cover any 
sport. You say cornparing Division HI school~ to 
Division i is unfair. We agree. We also feel It s 
unfair for:t school of 14,000 students to pretend it'S 
a small Division III school. 

As long as the Divis ion III small school mentality 
runs the big s hool athlet ic ship. you, th e athlctes, 
are stuck in the same apathetic boat with us. We 
are not here to d rum up student support for you. 
.We are herc to cover wlMt it is you do yourselves to 
drum up suppOrt - li ke wIn ning and lOSIng. We 
can only hope that some of you do make It to the 
pros. when: the publIc s(ruuny and press's blunt 
objecti vity Will Strip you of your natve not ions of the 
fu nction of the press. ThiS IS not high sc hool 
anymore. 

We urge all of you to come down to th e Guardian 
and sign up to cove r a sport other th an your own . 
But don't (' xpect to change the sportS pages Into a 
publiCity Oycr for tr.e athletic dcpartment or try to 
change our philosophies. They arc as unshakeable 
as an amlcte's des ires to excel and cmerge 
Vic tOrIOUS. 

If buttenly hunting isn't your bag-
WTite sports. 

Give us a call at "*o~~-o;:)OU 

By A.C. SKIPP ARMSON 

Rugby All-Cal, etc. 

T WO WEEKENDS ago the Tritons travelled to Irvine to face the other UC 
schools in this year's All-Cal 
tournament. The biggest upset of 
the day was pulled off by UC 

Santa Barbara when they crushed 
UC Berkeley (reigning league 
champs) J 1-0, to take the title. 
The Tritons lost in the finals of 
the consolation bracket to UC 
Berkeley's B team, 9-8. They 
don't come much closer than 
that. Earlier in the day, UCSD 
was victorious over UC Davis 11-

3 and lost to UCB's B team 12-0. 
"Exceptional forward play and 
playing together as a team" 
highlighted the tourney for 
UCSD, according to head coach, 
Tom Butler. The lowlight featured 
the officiating, Butler indicated. 

Saturday was one of the team's 
biggest highlights of the season 
as the Tritons took on league 
champ, Loyola. "They're well-
coached and have' some big 
ballplayers - over 250 Ibs." 
After taking the collegiate title 
for four years running. Loyola 
came across a Triton team that 
had to be in shape. After a few 
laps around the track coach 
Butler stated that most of last 
week's preparation would be 
dedicated to spring work 
involving different drills. Serum 
work was another strength to be 
emphasized. The four or five 
laps was "merely a warm-up." 
Butler said . This Saturday. Feb. I, 

1986/87 UNDERGRADUATE 
FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOIARSHIP 

APPLICATION DEADUNES 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 

• All current undergraduate financial aid recipients were mailed a 1986/87 
financial aid application. 
• All undergraduate continuing UCSD students with a 3.75 cumulative GPA as of 
Spring 1985 were mailed a 1986/ 87 undergraduate scholarship application. 

APPUCATlONS MUST BE POSTMARKED BY FEBRUARY 11,1986 

All undergraduate financial aid applicants who are eligible to apply for a C.al Grant 
are rtquirrd to apply for one; failure to do so Will result In loss ofUCSD fInanCial 
assistance . The Cal Grant deadline for both ntw and rmtwcd applications is 

February 11 , 1986 
The deadline to complete your undergraduate financial aid file for Fall Quarter 
1986 is May I , 1986. 
If you did not receive an appl ication .packet in the mail. please request one from 
your coUege financial aid office. . 
Workshops for the undergraduate financial aid and/ or sc holarship applications 
wi! be held at the following times: • 

Tuesday,January Ii., ...... 12:00-1:00 pm ...... N. Conference Room 
Thursday, January 16 ... . .. . 2:00-3:00 pm ....... N. Conlerence Room 
Friday,January H ......... 12 noon-l:00 pm .... N. Conference Room 
Saturday. January 25. , ... , .. 12 noon-1:30 pm .... N. Dining Room 

Muir Commons 
Monday,January 27 ........ 7:00-8:00 pm ..... . . Mountain View Lounge 

the ruggers travel to Pomona to 
take on Cal Poly. 
Lacrosse: player profile 

He should have had surgery 
two years ago, according to most 
people. Due to another injury 
against Whittier last year, he 
now wears braces on both knees. 
"This is my last season at 
UCSD," says Shannon Bass. "If it 
happens (surgery), it will be after 
I'm through." Bass plays on the 
lacrosse team's second midfield 
line. He started Sunday's game 
against Occidental at his third 
different position in four 
seasons. 

Following an AlI-LeaEue 
performance at attack his 
freshman year, he switched to 
defense because "we needed 
delensemen who could 
stickhandle." Attackmen don't 
play defense. It's like asking a 
quarterback to play defensive 

... 

MOllday. junuary 27, 1986 13 
SPORTS 

line - rrading the glory for the 
trenches. However, at 6'3" and 
195 lbs., Bass can play just about 
anywhere he wants! Who cares if 
he can't run . It·s like trying to 
stop a truck going 15 mph 
instead of 20. You're not going to 
step in front of either one. 

League structure change 
A restructuring of the league 

has placed UCSD in the 
Southern Conference of the West 
Coast Lacrosse League's Division 
I along with SDSU, UCLA, U. of 
Arizona, Arizona St. and league 
champion Whittier. No slouches 
there. Other Division I teams on 
the schedule include UC Davis 
(this Sat., Muir Field @ 1 pm). 
UCSB and Cal Poly SLO. 
Hopefully, a small breather may 
result when Division [J teams 
such as USC and Sonoma State 
are played. ~ 

.. 

~ 
-< 
" .., 

.2, 
~ 
() 

~ jf 

ADDiCtED 
Tuesday. January 28 ...... .. 7:15-8:15 pm ....... Mesa Apartment Lounge 
Tuesday. January 28 . . ...... 7:15-8:15 pm ....... COas! Apanments Lounge 
Wednesday. January 29 ..... 8:30-9:30 am ..... . .. N. Conference Room 
Wednesday, January 29 ..... 7:00-8:00 pm ....... Warren Apanments 
Thursday. January 30 ....... 7:00-8:00 pm ....... Tioga Hall E-House 

(2nd Floor Lounge) 

Addicted is the name at the team. And, addicted is what these 
guys are 'Mlen it comes to basketball, /t's understandable when 
it's said that Addicted is the best 1M basketball team on campus. 
These 9)'n1 rats just about sleep in the gym. 

Thursday. January 30 .... ... 7 :00-~ :00 pm ....... Deanza Lounge (Mauhews 
Donn, Warren Campus) 

Tuesday. February 4 . ..... .. 11:00·12 noon .... , .N. Conference Room 

Plan to attend one of the workshops. Please bring your application forms with you 
to the workshop. 

Wednesday night they showed why they are the number one 
rated team by crushing the Terminators Again 92-61. With 
talented players like .John 'Doc' Splnoza and Eric 'No' Fuss, they 
have dominated play this year. Look for Addicted not to gag this 
year and to win the title this year. 



16 Monday, Jmlllwy 27, 1986 
NEWS 

Semlon 
Continued from page J 
armed insurrection in the same 
year. 

Tutu blamed the security 
forces for most of the 1,000 
deaths since August 1984, 
including that of Steven Biko, as 
well as the denial of basIc civil 
rights and other violations of 
human rights. 

"People want a new South 
Africa, non-violently, and each 
time the government becomes 
even more intransigent," Tutu 
said . 

Violence IS to be avoided but 
is sometimes necessary, he said. 
He accused Westerners of 
judging Third World liberation 
movements by a double 
standard. "Concerning black 
liberation , the west goes pacifist," 
he said. 

survey that showed that 70 
percent of blacks believe that 
sanctions must be applied. At 
this point some members of the 
audience began chanting "UC 
divest! UC divest!" 

"We are goi ng to be free -
black and white ," Tutu said. "Are 
you in favor of justice ... 
freedom ... humanity?" he asked , 
referring to his belief thal 
America has had a history of 
"backing the wrong horse ." 

America "has the opportunity 
to change its record ... to take a 
moral decision, to back the right 
horse." 

An altercation occurred 
between evangelist "Brother Jed" 
and a student. Police had to 
se para te the two. The fight 
reportedly began with exchanged 
insults be tween Brother Jed and 
several students who called his 
poli tical stance "racist." It is not 
reported who delIvered the first 
blow. Officer Rick Michaelson 
said that he and another officer 
separated twO individuals 
struggling on the ground and 
made no arrests. 

An onlooker who was 
"unclear" on why the fight 
started commented that the 

Just sitting around 
feeling guilty? 

Peaceful pressure was the last 
method of change that Tutu 
outlined "If you want peaceful 
change in South Afnca, help us," 
he said. 

Evangelist "Brother Jed" called Soudl AJnca "the llIost liberal country In AJnca " 

Why not apply for Associate News Editor 
at the Guardian? 

If you want to break into journalism 
here is your chance. The Guardian is now 
accepting applications for Associate News 
fditor. for more information call 452-
6580 and ask for Rachel or Phil or drop by 
our office (next to the Che Cafe). Bring a 
resume, cUps and a brief cover letter 
explaining your experience by this 
Thursday a t 5pm. 

He called for moral , polttlcal 
and especially economic pressure 
to end the racist system of 
apartheid . Responding to the 
argument by some Americans 
that economic sanctions would 
hurt blacks more than help them, 
Tutu asked, 'When did you 
become so altruistic?" He 
inferred that America has been 
benefitting from black misery. If 
suffering must be increased in 
order to end the system, then 
blacks are prepared to suffer, he 
said. 

Tutu quoted a South African 

Tutu closed his speech to a 
standmg ovation. An emotional 
crowd gathered outside the gym 
immediately afterwards. 

The crowd held banners and 
chanted pro-divestment slogans 
while collecting signatures and 
donations for a divestment 
campaign. 

Two evangelists known as 
"Brother Jed" and "Sister Cindy" 
distributed li terature advocating 
support of South African Premier 
P.W. Botha and of the current 
policy of "constructive 
engagement." 

police "always side with non-
students." 

Tutu's LOur is sponsored by the 
Adelphia Foundation of San 
Francisco. 

Reynold 's thanked several 
departments and offices for 
providing the $10,000 
honorarium. The ticket sales 
would allow the University to 
break even on its expenditures, 
Reynolds said . 

Tutu's fee is expected to go to 
sufferi ng South African 
blacks. ~ 

UCSD University Events Office presents 
I TOYOTA' • H\:iDAVOl.KS 

February 2, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

St, $6 .00, G.A. $8,00 
UCSD Fac/ Staff &: Sr.Cit. $7 .00 

UCSD Box Office: 452-4559 
77C".Ur~~. 
AT ._y cO.~Y • .0 JACK S PlAZA 
MUSIC SHOI'I'£ AND fLEE! EXCH _NeE 
IICKEl.ASIIR CHARGE (619) 232-1l1OO 

Bra1c8 Job 
Special $45 
FrGIII or ,.. (regulany $80.00 ) 
Brake lob includes . 
1 Inslall special new pads or 

Install rear blake shoes 
2 Oraln old blake lluid 
3 Inspecl cOf11lllele hy<hullc system 
4 Refill hydraulic flUId 
5 Bleed eollre blake system 
6 Adjust tront (il ciIIns) and rear shoes 
7 Replace Irnnl rotor seals 

(With rolOf tllTl ) 
8. Road tesl 
Note: Hydrauhc ~s .e not included 

(regul.ty $325 00) 
Honda. Toyola. OalSll1 (nol Z modefs) 
and Volks Iype 1. 2 & 3 
We replace 
t TransmiSSloo '"PIl1 shalt seal (except Hondas) 
2 Pres5U'e plate 
3. Clutch disc 
• Throw OUI bearing 
5 P,lOt bearingS 
6 New transmission 011 
7 Road lesl 
NOle Hydraulic pans are nOI covered 

Brand new ..... 
AlII ..... GIIr IpICIII ralll 
for ........... .... 

8 Chedt clutch 
9 Chedt IIghls 

10 Chedt under-
carnage lOf damages 

11 Check coohng 
system & hoses 

t2 Road lesl 

Major ServIce (26' po'"t) 
Spoclal S99'(r"'IJlarty $t30 00) 
Oll' maje( IU.-.~·up includes 

1. COfT1JessIoo test 
2 Valve ~uslrnent 

Replace 
3 Valve cover gaskel. 
4 Sp'" plugs. 
5 Oos tnbutor potnts. 
6 Condensers. 
7 Air lilter . 
8 Oil hiler. 
9 Gas Iliter and 

10 Engine oil 
11 AdjUSI timing 
1 2 AdjuSI dwell ~ 
13 AdjUSI talWelor 
14 Adjust air & 1ueI 

ratoo mnctll'l! 

15 Check & ildrus l 
elfllOSld belts 

16. lube front end 
17 Child< & replenish all 

fluid & 011 levels 
18 Child< brakes 
19 Child< clutch 
20 ChecIc hghts 
21 Child< undercamage 

lor damages 
22 Child< & rechil'ge 

battery II necessi1ry 
23 Check tire prl!5Sll'e 
24 l ube dooI hinges 
25 Check coohng syslem 

& hoses 
26 Road tesl 

Nole. 1 lor 6-cylinder c~ and Rabbots OiSflel'S. 
SctrocCQS, & Fiats. add S20 TOl'Ola Supras add $30 
DatSll1 200SX WIth e sp;w1c plugs add $35 2 Millar 
tune-ups lor VW (Excepl vans & squarebacks lat. th~ 
1972) Beetles. 1972 and laler sao and poor 10 '72 
$70 3 IOf VW Thtngs and Karmann Ghtas- only S60 

All .. work .... 2-,.. or 20,0lI0 ............ .,..., 
l ongest warranty 111 town - except tune-ups. which have a 6·month~.. Appotntments made !bing the 

vahdity 01 !he ads WIll stili be good af1 ..... ds. We ~ gtve you excellent references from our satlsloed customers 
Please call lor IlI'1her informatIOn & appoonIments This special is good only lOf lhe CNS menhoned above 

AI prtceIlIICII_ piI1I & .., • ..... ......., ....... pili 

O •• erseas Offer good through 
'.' February 10.1986 

Automotive RepaIrs Ta.vlng & rental car available. 
# •• •••• • 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 am~:OO pm 
Closed Sunday 

eoos Miramar Rd. "B" 696-1990 
Coli fOf appointment roN. 

_. 

ALL-CAL FENCING 
RESULTS 

Men's Foil: 
econd UCSC 5-1 

Third ' Cal Bcrkeky 3-3 
Founh UCSD 3-3 

Individual FlrSI : Alber! Yen UCLA 
Second KeVin Mills UCSD 
Third ' Alessandro Isolam UCSC 

'Individual results come from Ihe top elghl oflhe team results Thus, each 
person who had the most victories from rhe leam went to the mdlvldual 
lOurnamenl. 
Men's Epee: Team l' lrsl ' UCSD ~- I 

Second. UCSC 3-2 
Third' lJC DaVIS 2-3 

IndiVidual Firsr: Byrn Kanar UCS 
Second Mark Chnstlc UCSD 
T1md' Chns Dorger UCSD 

Men's Sabre: Team First. UCSC 4- 1 
Second: Cal Berkeley 3-2 
Third UCSB 2-3 
Flfrh : UCSD 

IndiVidual Flrsr: J Vander Linden Berkeley 

Women's Foil: Team 

Second: A1anc Brown UCSC 
Third LCD Florendo UCSC 
First' 
Second: 
Third: 
Sixth: 

UCSC 5-0 
UC DaVIS 4-1 
Cal Berkeley 3-2 
UCSD 

Individual Flrsl : Tenang Chang Berkeley 
Second. Erma Murphy UC Davis 
Thllu ' Susan LaHara UCSC 

Women 's Epee: IndiVidual FlrSI: Yili Wu Berkeley 
econd C. Strange UCSB 

Third: Calhleen McDivitt UCSC 
Women's Sabre: IndiVidual First. Ruth Ingersoll UC Davis 

Overall Results: 

lUTfHSlElTmS 
Continued from page 6 

per~on want Brother Jed 
arre~ted ] For 5..lymg thl·ngs 
o n'l' n~lV(' and unpopular Odd, 
Is n't II . that the white 
go\,emment In South AfIlGl 
rcgul.lrly arrests Winnie Mandcla 
and other black leaders for the 
same leason? 

Those who acted against 
Brother Jed degraded themselves 
and made a bitter farce OUt of . 
their own cause. In ,I childish 
attempt to sandtl' their own 
anger, they relinquished the 
moral authority to condemn the 
act ions of Others. The Rev. 
Martin Lu ther King Jr. reacted to 
government complaints ,Ihout 
hlack urh.1n VIOlence during the 
ClvJl nghts movement of the '60s 
by ~ying thdt the government 
had no moral basis to condemn 
such heh,lVlOr when It was 

Second. Erma Murphy UC Davis 
Third: Susan LaHara UCSC 
Firs!: 
econd. 

Third: 

UCS 17 Vlctones 
Berkeley to vlclOnes 
UC DaVIS 8 Victories 

-Valerie Gulick 

committing liS own dtrodous 
acts of vlolem:c rn VIf:rn,lm . I 
hell eve that he and BI~hop Tutu 
and Chandl ,md all of the 
world 's great moral lc.lders would 
have agrl' cd that sud1 a 
statement work~ In hoth 

dlreUllln~ 
I commend the ,Inti .lparthl'ld 

movement 's commitment to 
freedom and Justice 111 511uth 
Africa and I would ulgl' them to 
continue the struggle But I 
would also urge them to work at 
pumng their own house In order. 
I hope that <Ill who wime ed the 
events outside of the gym 
Thursday. both those who 
participated and those who were 
only tacitly approving observers, 
feel. as I do, a personal shame. 
And I hope that from that 
shame . they will draw a stronger 
resolve to continue the values of 
freedom, equ.llIty and Justice 
both In outh Afnca and in our 
own hackyard . 

Brennen McKenzie 

hMII.J<lI , )WWWY 27, 1986 17 
SPORTS 

The world is waiting. 
Be an exchange student. 

From the Spirit 
of st. Louis ••• 

to the Space 
Shuttle. 
So much depends on Parker 
Every major military and com· 
mercial aircraFt in _service to-
day has parts supplied by 
r arker Hannifin Corporation 
Parker Bertea Aerospace 
Group. a world leader in fluid 
power technology. From Lind· 
bergh's Spint or $1. Louis 10 
Ihe- space shuttle Columbia . 

Parker products have been on 
board . And because so much 
depends on rarker , so much 
depends on you. You have the 
opportunily to work wilh 
Parker on advanced fluid 
power lechnology Ihal will 
become operaling syslems and 
componenls (lver Ihe nexl 
decade . 

Since so much depends on 
you Parker has devdoped .a 
unique program that IS deSign · 
ed to expand the recenl 
gradl'1le S underslanding and 
abilities through broad ex · 
posure to all racets of our 
organization . lis callect'our 
Employee Intern Program 
During your hrsl )0 monlhs al 
Parker . you 'll have Ihe oppor· 
IUnily to explore Ihe fields or 
Manufactunng Technology. 
Mechanical Engineering 
Design, Accounling/Finance 
and Administralion . regardless 
of your chosen discipline. The 
employeel intern gains 
knowledge . expertise and 
career direclion ,and as a 
resull . more opportunities 10 
achieve with Parker . 

The Employee Intern Program 
represenls one of the most pro· 
gressive programs in Ihe in · 
dustry from one o( Ihe mosl 
progressive aerospace com· 
panits in Ihe 
world rarker . setting Ihe 
industry slandard in fluid 
power technology Sel a stan· 
dard for your future with 
rarker. because so much 
depends on you 

On Campus Inte rv ie ws 
February 28 
See your placement office for 
interview appointment . 

Or send your rtsume to: 
Parker Hannifin Corporation. 
Parker Bertea Atrospace 
Group . Attn : College Relations, 
Dept. NP. 18321 Jamboree 
Blvd .. Irvine CA 92715. Equal 
Opportunity Employer 
M/F/HIV. 

Parkar 
Aerospace 



//~~\\~ ) ( ) '9.00.0. 
0 0(( :~ ) I OJ ( 1l\0 ) 

Interested in Politics??? 
Interested in Public Relations??? 

The ASUCSD Lobby Annex is offering internships 
through the AS Internship Office. Don't miss this 
chance to gain valuable experience and get involved 
with working on imponant local, state, federal or 
women's issues, affecting you as a student. 
Opportunities available to meet and lobby local, state, 
and federal officials and legislators. For more 
information contact: Eric Weiss x4450. 

ASUCSD Lobby position open . 
Wanted : Municipal Affairs Director for the ASUCSD 

Lobby Annex. Inform, educate and lobby local 
legislators, town councils and planning groups about 
student concerns. Don't delay! For more information 
contact Eric Weiss at 452-4450 .. 

The hottest dance of the year 
The Untouchables , 91X and a battle oflocal bands will se t 

the beat for the UCSD Charity Dance-A-Thon f eb. 8 at the 
Rec. Gym 5 pm to 3 am. Help raise money for the American 
Red Cross and have a good time doing it. Tickets soon to be 
available at the box office. Presented by ZBT. Co-sponsored 
by 91X. 

Help the alternative media 
The AS is looking for a student-at-Iarge to be a 

member of the subcommittee for alternative media 
funding. If interested call Ariel at 452-4450 . 

Hey Radically Inclined! 
Yes - you heard it right. RISC hasanothertri p fo ryou! To 

Brianhead, Utah . This trip includes 3 days lift tickets and 3 
nights lodging from February 14-17 . Cost $130. Tix fo r 
Brianhead go on sale today, Jan. 27 thru Feb. 2 at the box 
office. On Wedneesday, feb . 5 at 8 pm the Rec. Conf. Room 
is the place to be (More RISC-y business) The meetll1g will 
include info on the spring TellUride trip and slides from the 
All-Cal. RISC OH's M-Th 10-2 Canyonview x4037. 

Champagne taste with a beer budget? 
Then how would you like to experience San Diego's most exciting 

'Theatre in the Making" FREE? The UCSD Undergraduate Drama 
Council is looking for volunteers to sell concessions at performances 
of Don Juan, East European Tetralogy and the wor! premier of Anne 
Bogan's 1951 . Positions for ushers are also available. Volunteers are 
guaranteed admission to the performance they run concessions or 
usher for. Seating is dependent upon ticket availability. Based on last 
quarter's ovelWhelming ticket sales, this may be your only opportunity 
to see some of the best theatre in San Diego. Sign-up now in front of 
the Drama Department, on the south side of Cluster Undergraduate . 
Ubrary. 

STRESS! STRESS! STRESS! 
Have you ever felt stressed out??? Come listen to a 

lecture on Stress Management given by Hugh Pates, a 
practicing psychologist at UCSD. Tuesday,]an .. 28 at 4 
pm in the North Conference Room. Sponsored by the 
Associated Students. 

Fast Action! 
Come see the Men's Lacrosse Team in their home 

opener vs. U C Davis Saturday, Feb. 1 at I pm on the Muir 
Field. 

Valentines Dance 
The UCSD Korean Club (KASA) presents a 

Valentines Dance on Friday, Feb. 7 at 9 pm in the 
Muir Cafe. All are welcome $3 at the door. 

Gay Social 
LAGO (Lesbian and Gay Organization) is having a 

social this Thursday,Jan. 30 at 8 pm in room TCHB 141. 
join us for casual conversation music and refreshments . 
All are welcomed . For more information call 452-GAYS. 

Meet the International Club 
The International Club is having a meetingjanuary 30 

at 5:30 in the International Center Lounge. Featuring a 
presentation by the W orld Peace Movement "Beyond 
War". Discussion to follow presentation. 

ASUCSD Presents 
Noontime Concerts 

Wednesday, Jan. 29 from noon to 1 pm 
Fetchin Bones 

Main Gym Steps 

Asian Pacific Student Alliance 
The Asian Pacific Student Alliance will be holding a 

meetingJanuary 27 at 4 pm in the South Conference Room , 
Bldg. B. We'll di scuss the talent show, T -shins, Chinese New 
Yea r and much more. Please come with ideas for fun 
activities. More info at 452-2048 or d rop by the AP A office. 

Racquetball T oumament 
The 1st Annual UCSD Racquetball Club All-Campus 

Tournament isJan. 31 at 6 pm and f eb. 1 at 9 am. Entry fee 
is $2 for members and $4 for non-members. Entry Deadline 
is Jan . 29 at 10 pm. Canyon View Racquetball Courts. All 
levels welcome. Sign -up at Monday meetings 8-11 pm at 
courts. for more information contact Abram at 457-5059. 

UCSD Semi-Formal '86 is coming this spring. 
Those interested in being a part of the planning 
committee please leave a message for Josh or 
Cathy at 452-4450. All colleges welcome. 

~ . ~ 

The Sun God Festival 
is not until May, but the first mandatory meeting is 
Monday, Jan. 27 (Why today as a matter of fact!). 
North Conference Room at 5 pm. 

WANTED: Students interested in organizing a 
large scale community volunteer project. Call 
Greg Arnold 452-4450. 

Can U write clear and concise notes? 
Subscribe to AS Lecture Notes for $12.00. You will receive 

neatly typed lecture notes each week for the class you are 
taking. Come to the .office in the student center and see 
which classes we are offering. Hours are Monday through 
friday 10-4 pm. 

Hear about the Pacific Rim 
Donald Wyman will speak on the Pacific ' Rim on 

Wednesday,Jan. 29 at 4 pm in the North Conference Room. 
Sponsored by the ASUCSD External Affairs. 

Warren College Judicial Board 
Adorn a black rolfe and white wig. All Warren freshmen 
interest~d in being on the Warren College judicial Board 
pick up applications in the Warren Provost Office. They are 
due back by jan. 24. for more information call Tim at 453-
4883. 

Warren students, get involved 
Warren College Students: Do you feel that your college 

doesn't have enough communication becween its student · 
government and the student body. Then help with Warren 
College Student Government's Communications and 
Publications Commission. Call Randall at 453-1800. 

Internship opportunity 
Attention: Graduating senior interested in a one year 

stipened internship as a state senate staff member, call 
David Marchick at 452-4450. 

EMSSA presents . IBM 
Representatives from IBM will be on campusJanuary 30 to 

discuss career opportunities in business and management. 
Remember the B in IBM is for business. The presentation 
will be in HL 1438 on Thursday, jan. 30 at 7 pm. 
Refreshments and an informal gathering will follow. 

Attention Artists! 
Enter Society of Women Engineers ' annual 

engineering T-shirt design contest. First prize is dinner 
for two. Submit designs to the SWE box in the student 
center (at the student center desk, Box 1-4). 

.. 
, 

• Ia 

The Associated Students ~ould like ' 
to welcome the new freshman 
senators: 
Gina Silva (Third ) 
Office hours T 1-3; Th 1-3. 
Bill Eggers (Warren ) 
Office hours T 10-11 &: 3-4:30; W 10-11 , Th 3-4:30 
Cara DeSio (Muir) 
Office hours M 2-3; Th 10-12, Fr 1-3 
Katherine Bamhisel (Revelle) 
Office hours M 12-3, W 1-3 

ASUCSD Presents 

Foul "Play 
with Chevy Chase &: Goldie Hawn 

TUesday, Jan. 28 at 8 pm in PH lOB $1.00 

Women's Issues 
-

Students interested in doing research, 
univerSity/ community outreach or lobbying state 
legislators or U.s. Congressmen on women's 
issues for the ASUCSD Lobby Annex caU Eric 
Weiss at 452-4450. 

ASIO Internships 
Lf you are looking for an internship in the 

communications or business field, we have an opening with 
Laura Walcher Public Relations Assoc. The office handles 
public relations for about 20 clients including Bazaar del 
Mundo, Parker Industries (KYXY) and more. The intern 
responsibilities would include writing press and advertising 
materials. . 

Special reminder that the deadline for spring quarter San 
Diego internships or National Summer internshfps is 
Friday,]an. 31. for more information contact ASIa at 452-
4689 or stop by the office located above gameroom in 
Student Center. 

Learn about your diet and nutrition 
Ron Brown, RD. Scripps Clinic, Sugar Free Center and 

UCSD alumnus will answer your questions about good 
nutrition and your diet at the next diabetic support group 
meeting on Thursday, jan. 30 from 11 am to 12 noon at 
Student Health Service, second floor training room. Bring 
your questions about easy preparation of nutritional meals 
and new products for the diabetic. Questions??? call 452-
2419, Health Education, Dalynn 1. Proffitt. 

SAM: The cutting edge of talks 
Sociery for Advancement of Management presents 'The 

Buck Story," a lecture/ discussion with Chuck Buck, 
president Buck Knives, Inc. Wednesday,Jan. 29 at 7 pm in 
HL 1438. Other announcements: Internships now available; 
Free management seminar in Big Bear coming up; Tickets 
now on sale for UCSD Night at the San Diego Sockers. Call 
452-4SAM for info. 

-

-



,.. 

..... -

CI.s1fted advertising sFNICe Is sold In 
ICXkNIr~r Increments. EKh letter, 
punclUatlon I!"Alrk and sp«e bet\Neen 
words Is considered a char~r, wtth 
capital letters counting as two 

char~. The rate per 100 characters 
Is 51 for students, 53 for faculty and 
sYff, and 54 for others. Payment In 
advance Is required; therefore, ads 
must be mailed wtth a check (made out 
to The UC:SO Guardian J or presented In 
person. Oe~lInes are 4 pm Tuesday 
for Thu~s paper, 4 pm Frtdayfor 
Monday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Indudlng but not limited 
to c:om~nlonshlp and masuge ads. 
For more Information call 452-3466. 
The Guardian, UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla, 
CA 92093. 

Announcements 

Dance-A-Thon-Dance to the tunes of 
91X the UNTOUCHABLES and other 
great local bands Don't miss Itlll (1/27) 
Dance-A-Thon-Are you Interested7 
Come to our booth on Revelle Plaza for 
more Information, or contact Tina 457-
3074 or Ed 481-9063. (1/27) 
Dance-A-Thon-Great musicl Great 
Bandsl Great funl Great prlzesl And all for 
a great cause-the American Red Cross. 
11/27) 
Don't ITlISS thiS great event. don't miss the 
U1touchables 8l1)' }<XJr tickets now at 
the Sox Office. 11/30) 
Need cash 7 We buy and sell used LPs, 
cassettes & COS. Rock, Jazz, new wtNe, 
Trip West 268-8444. 447-5025 (1/30) 
JUNIORS AND SENIORSI No matter 
what your major. }<XJ need work 
experience In your field. Learn how to 
earn 4-16 units as an AlP Intern Attend 
the AlP Orientation Jan 27, 8-9pm. 
Revelle Informal Lounge. (1/27) 
Warren Students Only The Warren 
Uterary Journal has extended Its deadline 
for the prose. poetry and art SUbmiSSions 
until February 14 Please submit 
OJestJons: 452-3068 (1/27) 
Wnters. readers. researchers I The Journal 
of U1dergraduate Research seeks quality 
subrmssions In every field . Also needed. 
readers/editors for production. General 
meetmg Jan 27. 5-7 pm at US Grants 
Office. upstairs at the Student Center 
call x3917 for more Info (1/27) 
It's rot too late to apply to stu~ In the 
UK next yearl One way IS to study In 
Bath. Dundee, or London through higher 
educatIOn In Europe. Come meet rep Lyn 
Griffiths at the InternatIOnal Center 
Monday Jan. 2712-2 or 4-6. Sponsored by 
the OpportUnities Abroad office. 11/27) 
Labn America stuefy. work. and travel 
opportunities: Attend an Info session 
Wed. Jan 29 12.30 1"30 at the 
InternatIOnal Center to learn about 
options. meet WIth returnees. Features 
the Education Abroad Program and many 
other possiblities. Sponsored by the 
OpportUrlties Abroad Office. (1/27) 
Play a role in Third World development I 
Come to an organizational meeting for 
the Overseas Development Net\M)rk. a 
national student-run organization 
creating development projects overseas 
and providing Internships. education 
Meet at the International Center 
Tuesday, Jan. 28, 12-l'30. 11/27) 
Don't miSS the deadline I Apply today for 
an ASIO Internship-spring Internships 
and some summer Internships close Fri.. 
Jan. 31. Run to ASIO and find out how to 
take advantage of some great 
opportunitIeS (1/27) 
MONEY FOR COLLE~I Scholarships, 
grants. student finana al aid available 
Find out If you qualify Free details from. 
Certified Sd'lolarshlp GUidance SelVlce 
call nowl 259-1422 or 481-4554 
Freshmen & sophOmores only (2/3) 
Hit.Ie you ever seen a whale 7 Well then 
do you want to see another one 7 We 
thotJglt so Warren College Whale 
Watch on Feb I. TIckets and maps at Box 
Office. Only S2.50. (1/30) 
Hurry not ITIJCh time' left to buy }<XJr 
\Xhlale Watdl ox. Warren \Xhlale Watch 

~. I. TIX at Sox OffICe. (1/30/ 
\XIornenO /Ve you In tune WIth your boefy 7 
Knowledgeable about women·s. health 
ISSUeS 1 If not. come to the Well-Woman 
SessIon u.s Thu~ at Noon Upstairs at 
the Student Health Center to get the 
scoq>. (J/27) 

,. 

Warren College Winter Serm-Forrnal Feb. 
28 9 pm-I am Sheraton East. S20 a 
couple. DJ .• Food. (1/30) 
Snow-Bear February Retreat. Cost 515 
Calvary Chapel Builn;ng. Positive 
Christians in Christ 453-7397. (1/30) 
Free Halrcutsl for ladles Willing to change 
their styles. For informatin call Aurel Salon 
459-0200. (1/30) 
calvary Chapel Sun. 9:15 am. 2550 
Gamet Pb. ~e worship near UCSD 
building. PoSitIVe Christians 453-7397. 
(2/27) 
The Fireside Lecture Series begins Its 
Winter program Feb 12. TopIC The 
prospects for a solution In South Africa. 
Dr. Arend Usphart speaking Wed Feb 12 
7:00 In the International Center lounge 
(1/27) 
Interested In starting a Communications 
Club 7 Need a few energetic people who 
are motIVated Unda 458-9312 after 6 pm. 
(1/27) 
AYN RAND readers and students of 
Ol:>jectNism meeting Sundays II am - 2 
pm. Home SavIngs of America. 4311 La 
Jolla Village DrIVe. Urwerslty Towne 
Center. (6/5) 
ATTENTION ARTISTSIII Display }<XJr 
talent on a SWE Engineering T-shirt . Enter 
SWE's annual Engineering T-shirt deSign 
contest Dinner for two as 1st prize. 
Sutmit entries to box 14 at Student Center 
Desk. (1/30) 
12 Noon - Usten to Dr. James Belasco 
tell how to be financially Independent N. 
Conf. Rm ACE (1/27) 
International Clu b presents· Beyond War 
Speakers from thiS world peace 
organIZatIOn Will discuss their program 
Thurs. Jan 30 5:30 pm at the IntpmatlOnal 
Center Lounge. Everyone IS welcome. 
(1/27) 
What IS GROB Net\M)rk7 Turn back a few 
pages to find out (1/27) 
Ask us how you can lose up to 28 excess 
ItIs. per rrIO. We PCfy' SI per lb. of weight 
loss Arlett 226-6677 (1/27) 
Ice Skatlng & slumber party Feb 1-2. 
Sponsored by I-Club skate at UTe and 
Sleep at I-Center & watch videos. 
8reakfast In morning only 55. Sign-up at 
the Int. Center Office. Meet at 7 pm for 
funl (1/27) 

Personals 

Earn 5500-S2200 mo prt-tm S5000-
S10,ooo fll-tm Make your own hrsl Call 
rowl EriC at 755-3976. (1/30) 
Susan - Meet me Thurs at 12 for the Well-
Woman Session upstairs at the Student 

~ealth Center. They've got great info on 
women's health - peMc exams, cancer 
prevention. nutrition and morel Let's 
check It out. (1/27) 
Zen Buddhist Meditation Retreat. Feb. 1. 
9:00 am. Korean Master Myo Song. 
Beginners welcome 942-8596 (1/30) 
Mr. Bunny In the CrISCO can: " In 17 of the 
Superbowls if the NFC team won the 
stock market went up. If the AFC won It 
went down." How did It affect }<XJr 
pocketbook7 Okay, I'm still paying for 
pizza Muffin. (1/27) 
Jill G - U know who I am but Just a 
casual acquaintance - for now Keep 
guessing. I'm not far away To B lont 
(1/27) 
CongratulatiOns Delta Slgs on your new 
pledge class From the sisters of KKG. 
(1/27) 

WJG Drabble sucks. The Far Side UVESI 
Hope your week goes well. Je t'almel -
Skipper. 11/27) 
Mark - Happy 81rthdayl Big 21 Good 
Luck With Delta Sigma Phil Love. Katty. 
(1/27) 
Congratulations theta class of Phi Deltd 
Theta You finally made It II We love you, 
Delta Gamma. (1/27) 
KKG IS Keyed about SAE's new pledge 
classl (1/27) 

Goodbye and Good Luck Dale We're 
going to miss you I You better write us lots 
of letters so Pam Will have something to 
read In the meetings I Loyally your KKG 
Sisters. (1/271 

KKG Pledge Class we're so proud of you 
and we're getting keyed about initiation. 
loyally your Sisters. (1/27) 
Congratulations Delta Gamma newly 
Initiates I Usa A Patti B Jacquie 8 Lynne 8 
Noelle C Alexandria C Usa C Lisa D Julie D 
Ubby G Debbie G Layla K Usa K Stacey K 
Dani L Shelley M Michelle M Kimberly R 
Colleen R Mila S ,""",Iene S Donna S Laura T 
Teresa V. Love your sisters of EpSilon Iota 
Delta Gamma. (1/27) 
The Plea Club will be having Sue 
Macrenado. law school acNlSor. speak 
this Wed at 3 In the Craft Or. (1/27) 
Desperately Seeking Eric (The POP) 
PrIVate Chi-Chi Partyllnterested1 Reply In 
the next Guardian (1/27) 
Dr. Ruth says: Come to Psychology Club's 
first meeting Tues 1/28 PH 102 5 pm. 
(1/27) 
Hey Steve I Have a raging time With ZBT -
way to gol From Janet In SLO (1/27) 

K~ln S. - You your personal too. Tnanks 
for ~erythlng tnat was said. It meant a 
lot You owe me ten dollars. (1/27) 
Hey PI Kappa Phi - That party at MiSSIOn 
8each on the boardwalk was the best 
we've been to all yearl Keep up the good 
workl (1/27) 
The Kappa Gamls want to say "great job" 
on your newly Initiated pledge ZBT 
pledge classl Have fun (1/27) 
Congratulations on JOIning the Greek 
system at UCSD Pi Kappa Phi. We're 
looking forward to meeting all of you but 
for now Just a big welcome from. Kappa 
Kappa Gamma. We're new at thiS alsol 
(1/27) 
Van - See you at noon In the N Conf. 
Room. That ACE speaker sounds ctynamlcl 
-Don 

I lost 30 Ibs. Safe & easyl You can tool Find 
out how. Come to a Nutrition Party 8r1ng 
a friend Call Uz for time & place 569-
8834. (1/27) 
Psychology maJorsll 1st meeting of 
Undergraduate Psychology Assoaatlon--
Tues 1/28 PH 102 5 pm. (1/27) 
Stopl GROB Network IS a few pages back. 
(1/27) 

Services 

CAn/UNIX · operator texts, tables. 
equations, books. articles. theses. Robert 
Burke 436-4263 Iv msg. (1/30) 
WORD PROCESSING Fast service. 
S!. 75/page Campus pickup/delivery. 
Anefy laurence. 222-2345. (3/13) 
Waxing. eyelash tinting, or makeovers. 
call 452-0556 licensed cosmetldan on 
campus. 11/30) 

~dehng test shots or just for fun Low 
rates, call Photogrpher for Hire 586-0795. 
(1/27) 
La Jolla Academy of AcNertiSlng Arts One 
year course and Job placement assistance 
In advertiSing. marketing, copywrltlna. 
deSign, productIOn. PUOIIC relations. 
media sales. For free catalog call 459-
0201 (3/31) 
GUITAR LESSONSI ElectriC and acoustic 
Learn how to play from an enthUSiastic. 
qualified Instructor Half an hour for 55, 
453-5819. Johnhy (2/6) 

The Wordwrlght provides profeSSional 
word processing and editing services for 
students and faculty. Spelling. grammar. 
and punctuatIOn corrections Included. 
Copy editing available. Adjacent to 
campus on Via Alicante Special student 
rates "Save your valuable Word 
processing/fast, accurate. reliable 
campus pickup/delIVery Cheryl-Mesa 
Apts 457-2188 eves til 9. (4/14) 

Lost Be Found 

Found soccer stuff on Prycel field 1/20 call 
Ken 453-6787 (1/27) 
LOSTII One pair of earnngs-blg. fake. 
dangling pearls-on Revelle Stonehenge. 
Sunday Jan. 12. Tons of sentimental value 
Return them to me (Aliaa) 452 6580 and 
.. II be your friend for life (2/6) 

Found - 2 Honda keys. In the Che 
Cafe/Guardian parkIng lot. Call 452-
3466 and identity. 11/30) 
Lostll 81ack and white kitten answers to 
Dirk. Four months old. No ID tags or 
collar. Genesee Highlands area. Saturday, 
Jan . 18. Please call . 587-9227. 
(Stephanie)(1/27) 
Found - small earring on Muir field 
Sunday. 1/12 Call 455-5219. (1/27) 
5100 Rewardll Return of a gold chain. Has 
an extremely sentimental value (gift from 
girlfriend). Lost Jan 23 between R~elle 
parking lot and P&L building. With Info .. 
please call 455-9526 or 693-0296 
~enlngs and ask for Paul or please leave a 
phone no. (1/27) 
LDst green Spiral notebook last seen In HL 
room 1160 at 11 :00 am on Wed. 1/22/86. 
Please call 455-6381. Kit Satlna. If found. 
Contains Chem, Econ. French and Art 
notes. (2/6) 
Lost: a Lg. brown sack of T-shirts left on 
benches. Peterson Hall, ~n 1/13 6:30 
pm. Heather 457-2915. (1/27) 
LOSTII Blace and white kitten. Answers to 
Dirk: Four months old. No ID tags or 
collar. Genesee Highlands area. Saturday. 
Jan 18. Please call 587-9227 (Stephanie). 
(1/27) 

Help Wanted 
Models-new faces for Swimsuit series in 
European magazines. David Schoen 
Photo (619)450-6485. (1/30) 
SNeed cash7 S500/1000 stuffing 
envelopesl Guaranteedl Rush stamped 
addressed envelope-McManus 
EnterprISes Box 1458/TG Springfield. OR 
97477. (2/10) 
Theatre Telemarketing. The La Jolla 
Playhouse seeks bright articulate people 
With a love of the arts to promote the 
exciting '86 summer season. Experience 
preferred guaranteed draw/comm. call 
Gal}' Kelson 452-6760. (2/20) 
Need subjects for problem-solving 
research. Earn S4.001 Call Marcia or 
Michael. 452-2957. (1/30) 
Have openings for 8 college students. 
must be neat appearing and have car. 
Work two nights/1M< & Sat. S12.50 hr. For 
personal Interview see Dale Newman. 
Area Manager/SMC Westbrooke Tues. 
Jan. 28 only lOam. 12 or 2pm. Only at new 
Marnott on la Jolla Village Dr Please be 
prompt (1/27) 
Research Tutor wanted for psychology 
proposal & thesis. Student desperately 
needs help Will pay - 484-2244. (1/27) 
Programmer - We write. In~tall and 
maintain multi-user business systems. Our 
clients count on us for the total solution. 
We need someone we can count on to 
help us provide It. 20/hrs/1M< and flexible. 
call Mike at 459-1834 or drop by wltn 
your best sc:mple code at 5860 La Jolla 
81vd. (1/30) 

Wanted 
Earn S500-S2200 mo. prt-tm. 55000-
SIO.OOO nl-tm. Make your own hrsl Call 
nowl Enc at 481-4535. (6/5) 
Guitarist available. looking for others to 
form band or jam with. Call Mark 453-
9838. (2/6) 

For Sale 
FEN()ER SUPER REVER8 amplifier. 
Excellent conditIOn With CCNer and 
casters. Great sound. perfect for gigs. 
S350. Jan 452-3466 days. 696-8066 eves. 
(3/13) 
Adorable animal rubber stampsl Bears. 
cats. pandas. etc over 380 deslgnsl 
Makes great gift ldeasl Send for free 
catalogl SAS.E. To : Cntter Care Center. 
P.o Sox 77. Solana Beach. CA 92075 
(1/30) 
8lcycle ' black beach crUiser Looks/runs 
like new 457-4278 leave message. (1/30) 
Ibanez electriC gUitar w/case SIOO. 
Resounder amp 40 watt SIOO. Mark 453-
9838 (2/6) 

WATERBED Queen size. like new - all 
eqUip. Included. S225. 587-0268. (1/27) 

Mistral Windsurf 10'. Has everything Incl. 
two salls harness mast bag SSOO nego. 
call 453-4883 ask for Jose (1/30) 
10 Brand new Kaypro I computers (with 
printer. 2 DSOO disk drives-396k each. 
and software). S950.00. All included I 
Contact immediate Pablo Wally 459-
0750. 453-5560. 268-9532 or x4503. 
Leave message I (2/6) 
77 Renault LeCar-sunroof. am-fm, ex-
cond, orig owner 5750 or offer Uz 452-
3490 days. (1/27) 
Surfboard: Surfing's New Image. 5'9V2" 
Quad. X-Int condition Uke new S200. 
455- 9846. (1/27) 
Surfboard: FlUid DrIVe 5'10" Team Board, 
ridden In contests. S60/0b0. 455-9846. 
(1/27) 

. HONDA EXPRESS SCOOTR 1981. runs 
good, 100 mpg. reliable to/from school. 
must sell. S300/0bo. call 450-4369. 
(1/30) 
Typewriter/Printer 8rother CE-65. 
Almost new, hardly used & great for 
resumesl Jimmy 549-2403. (2/3) 
Need Gift ideas 4 birthday, ~ings or 
even yourself7 Then Q/ve the gift of crystal 
from Princess House. For more info call 
Regina @ 453- 9765. (1/30) 

74 Kawasaki SI 250ec 11K mi.. Good 
cond .• Great commuter bike. 5350. 457-
02334-9 pm. (1/27) 
1966 Mustang Classic good cond new 
paint, int needs work must sell SI900/or 
best Chandra 455-0785. (1/30) 
Mercury BobCat. 1976 wagon. white. 
new brakes and battery. recent tune up, 
power brakes and steering, engine In 
good condition. 51200. 454-3410 

~enlngs (1/30) 
FIAT 124 Sport Spider Convertible White 
'69 Premier edition good Original 
conditIOn. Rebuilt motor and transmISSIOn 
IWI/FM cassette. foglites. lOe king cover 
and rrIOre SI950/best 459-8789/459-
1453. (2/6) 

Housing 

Roommate(s) wanted-Ig. deluxe condo 
In Mission Bch. Lg single 5310, dbl S265 2 
per S225 488-4268 or 453-9878. (1/27) 
2 female roommates: Near campus. own 
room. pool. Jacuzzi. S300/mo & 1/3 utll. 
call Pam 457-5176. (2/13) 
ROom In deluxe Solana Beach condo avail. 
Immed. On beach. pool. jacuzzi. sauna. 
secure complex. As single S500 - to 
share S250 each. Non-smokers call 259-
1569. Prefer mature. qu~. (1/27) 
Own room in Mission Beach. O.vn Vz 
bath. one house from ocean. S240 per mo. 
+ V4 utilit ies. Available now. (1/30) 

Spend Sprg Break on beach In sunl'¥ 
Cancun. Mexico. Penthouse suite sleeps 
6, maid service. furn, kitchen. pool. 
jacuzzi and more. Avail. 7 rlghts Mar. 22-
28. Bob A 282-4363 eves. or 456-1623 
days. lJf27) 
Roommate wanted: female non-smoker 
- own bdrm. Across UK. S215 plus V4 
Utll. Grad stu welcome. Angela 452-
0224. (1/30) 

SeriOUS student needs own room in qUlet 
surroundings near UCSD. Responsible 
male, easy to get along With, looking to 
share apt. or house at S200-S300/mo. 
Please call DaVid 453-7785.12/6) 
Female needed to share room in condo 
near UK S205/mo + 1/3 utilities dI1d 
SIOO depOSit Coli Beth or Derryl after 5 
pm. 450-04 71. (1/27) 

20 yr old student looking for own rm or 
share rm near UCSD Funloving & easy 
golngll Stev!! 481-9683 

StereoNldeo 
FEND R SUPER REVER8 amplifier 
Excellent conditIOn With cover and 
casters. Great sound. perfect for gigs 
S350 Jan 452-3466 days, 696-8066 eves. 
(3/13) 

AUDIOPHILES Kyocera DAOI CDPlayer. 
COSt S1050. yours r S600 Cdll Stevt' 
587-2862 (1/30) 


