
• 

UNIVERStTY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Divisional Dilemmas 
By JOHN SCHACHT, GUS SANTOYO & MATT LAIT 

W HE BARRY CU INGHAM first came to UCSD as an a sistant ba ketball coach in 1967, the athletic potential had Cunningham alivating. Being a part of a thriving community, a growing 
institution, as well as a member of the prestigious UC educational system, 
intercollegiate athletics at UCSD would inevitably be a vital part of college life 
for the athletes and student body. But after nineteen years of involvement Wlth 
UCSD, many as the head basketball coach, Cunningham can only Sit and 
wnrder. 

NEWS 
Jonas Salk explains 

the effects of an 
impending population 
explosion. 

Please tum to page 12 

• Drug testing and the 
individual. 

PAGE 4 
• Looking back at dad and 

looking ahead at me. 
P E 10 

VOLUME 57, #19 

Westmont 
PAGE 12 

• Flu strikes Revelle 
PAGE 3 

• The politics of AIDS 
PA JE 5 



2 ~'(mda;. MUll h 10. 1986 
NEWS 

NOW plans 
march for women 

The San' Diego County chapter 
of the ational Organization for 
Women ( OW) will sponsor a 
conti ngent of 500 women in the 
largest demonstration ever 
planned for the West Coast. 
Over 50 ,000 men and women 
are expected to partiCIpate in the 
Los Angeles "March for Women's 
Lives" on Sunday, March 16. 

The mar h wtll step ofT at 11 
am along Century Park West in 
Century City and proceed one 
mtle to the rally Site at CheVIot 
Hills Park, Just south of Pico 
Boulevard. Among the guests at 
the rally will be Los Angeles 
Mayor Tom Bradley, National 
Organization for Women 
president Elinore meal , Tom 
Hayden and other Califom ia 
politicians , and actors Morgan 
Fairchild , Carrie Fisher, Linda 
Lavin , Mary Kay Place, Robert 
Walden and Esther RoUe, among 
others. 

San Diego OW will provide 
round-tnp bus transportation on 
Sunday, March 16, leaving 
County Administration Center, 
1600 Pacific Highway at 7:00 am 
and the La Costa Park and RIde 
at 7:30 am . Bus tickets are $15 
and can be purc hased at 
WomanCare, the Big Kitchen , 
the Ce nter for Women's Studies 
and Services and Blue Door Book 
Store . Call 225-9791 for ticket 
111 formation . Older and dIsabled 
people can be accommodated on 
the buses and march route . 

Senatorial candidate 
Allen to speak 

Bill Allen, a declared Senatonal 
candidate , will speak at the 
University of San Diego, 
Wednesday. March 12. 

Allen , a republican from 

BLOOM COUNTY 

Claremont , currently teaches 
govemment and constitutional 
law at Harvey Mudd College. The 
colloquium will be held at 5 pm 
at the USD law school. room 
Fletcher A. A wll1e and cheese 
reception will follow. 

KSDT hosts 
radio convention 

Members from all eight of the 
student owned and operated 
radIO stations 111 the Umvers lry 
of Califomla system will meet 
here April 11 and 12 for the 
quarterly conference of the 
Univers ity of Cahforma Radio 
Network (UCRN). Hosted by 
KSDT, It Will feature mee tings, 
workshops and other activities 
designed to improve the quality 
of ea h station and its tndivldual 
members. 

Some of the events on the 
agenda include a discussion by 
the press contacts of major state 
and local politicians about radio 
coverage of political campaigns 
and gaining better access to the 
candidates, and a discussion by 
tndepe ndent record label 
representatives regarding contact 
and services. Participants of the 
conference will also be electing 
the officers for the 1986-87 year. 
For more info rmation, contact 
Fra nk Long at KSDT-B-Ol5. 

Grove Gallery 
presents war photos 

The works of two 
photojournali sts who died while 
o n assignment in Central 
America will be presented in 
'Two taces ot War" at the UC)[J 
Crafts Center/ Grove Galle ry, 
from March 25-Apnl 26. There 
will be a public reception from 
6-8 pm on March 25 . 

'Two Faces of War" contrasts 
the photographiC styles of John 

Hoagland , who IVa born in an 
Diego, and Richard Cross. 
nominated for a Pulitzer Prize by 
the Associated Press in 1980 for 
his work in Nicaragua. 

Hoagland's photos arrest 
moments of ombat, su'ch as a 
alvadoran soldier running 

a ross a street while under fire . 
Cross's phntos plainly show 

the emotions of young soldiers 
and the fears of the populace. 

Hoaghind attended UC D in 
1965. where he experimented 
With painting. video and still 
photography. 

In 1979, Cross went to EI 
Salvador to photograph the 
Sandinista Revolution for the 
AsSOCiated Press. In 1983, while 
crossing the Honduras/ Nicaragua 
border. Cross's car ran over a 
land mme and he was killed. 

The UCSD Crafts 
Cemer/ Grove GaUery is open 
Tuesday th rough aturday. from 
10 am-5 pm. Free parking is 
available on weekends. 

APSA organizes 
Easter food drive 

The AsIan Pacific Students 
Alliance on campus is organizing 
a canned food drive with profits 
to benefit the Asian communi ty 
in San Dtego. 

The event will run through the 
third week of April. Canned food 
or non-perishable items can be 
dropped at the office or pick-ups 
can be arranged . The office is 
located in the Student Center, 
room B-023 , phone ext. 2048. 

Temple's pottery 
at Grove Gallery 

The pottery of Byron Temple 
\."iIl be fea tured at the Crafts 
Center Grove Gallery's upcoming 
show, Objects o{Virtue, which will 
run from Marc h 4-22 . Temple . a 
well known production poner, 
will be the guest at a public 
reception on March 7 from 5 to 
7 pm. After the reception, he will 
prese'nt a slide show and discuss 
his work. 

If you 'mow of an' event whic h 
would interest the UCSD 
community, caU Anna at 452-6580, 
or leave a message. 

by Berke Breathed 
~-------. ~-------------, 

WJW~.~ ... 
'IOIJ I<JtJIIi 'lOll PlPN', 
fN.f(P!!. 'lOfII( HI/WtlYP. 

'lOII~ .#6f 1JI'Ser.. !¥IW YfJIJ 
CQNFIJ~P. _ Jlsr liSreN 

\ 101tf6_. 

I ~ ~ 

..... , ... KIIlLJ 'I'OrIP UK£ ~ 
WrmMBAIL-
15I'I'f AC1UI\U. Y 
~)(f;MV~eR . 

,./ 

; 

It---iW>-~-.A.I 
! 

fIYN I/ISI( YfJIJ, 
MImi( ~_I4tIAr 
W(JU.!J IW PO IF 'W 

WERE /r\I!K/(/eP 10 
f1IJCH A MAN r 

\ 

IIEU -' 
I 

Yf)(fP TN$ AN 
KIt -ro '/ff1 , 

1WIr~~ 
YQlJv PO/ 

\ ~ 

Governor's race ' 
off and running 
By NONIE GANAKIS, StiJff Writer 

LOS ANGElES mayor Tom Bradley formally announced his second 
cam paign for governor on 
Tuesday, Feb . 25 . stating that 
Califomia does not need a 
governor "who is a caretaker for 
the rich and priveleged ." 

Bradley criti cized Deukmejian . 
for faili ng to enforce stricter 
legislation on toxic polluters. 

"Yes, we can have a governor 
who owes his allegi ance to all of 
the people and not to a handful . 
of toxic polluters," Bradley tOld 
the press. 

Deukmejian , in his formal 
an nouncement for re-election on 
Wednesday, Feb. 19, pointed out 
to viewers, "I am offering 
leadership that will keep 
Califomia on a course of steady-
as-she-grows . .. We can continue 
with a California that is robust or 
we can go back to one that went 
bust." 

Deukmejian was referring to a 
$1.5 billion defecit that he 
acquired , along with the 
governorship , from Democrat 
Edmund G. Brown. which was 
resolved without a "general" tax 
increase . The govemor did not 
mention, however, that 
Califomians will be paying an 
additional $2.4 billion in va rious 
obscure taxes and fees over a 
four-year period as a result of 
legislation that Deukmejian 
signed . 

In 1982, Bradley competed for 
the governorship when 
Deukmejian, then Attomey 
General, won by a slight margin 
of 1.2 percent of the vote, in the 
closest gubernatorial election 
since 1902. 

Accord ing to a Los Angeles 
TImes survey conducted in 
February, Deukmejian was shown 

Editor in Chid 
Phil Willon 

Managing Editor 
Andrew Keeler 
News Editor 

Niki Newlands 
Associate News Ed ilor 

Suzanne urson 
Wire Editor 

Sean WagSlaff 
Opinions Editor 

Matthew j. Cronin 
Copy Editor 

Shelly S, m mons 

ahead of Bradley by six 
percentage points among 
registered voters. Four years ago , 
at about this stage, Deukmejian 
was trailing the mayor by 29 
points , according to the poll . 

Both Bradley and Deukmejian 
have been campaigning 
unofficially for months , but were 
motivated to officially announ e 
their candidacies by reason of 
California's March 7 fili ng 
deadline . 

Each candidate pledged his 
ded ication to increasing the 
standard of education in • 
Califomla. The govemor insisted 
that "we have made educ.ation 
our highest spending priOrity." 

Bradley is proposing the 
reduction of class size and 
improvement in the quality of 
instruction. The mayor c ritici zed 
DeukmeJian for allOWing Los 
Angeles' national class-size 
ranking to dete riorate , but 
offered no suggestions on how to 
improve the cun:ent situation . 

Randy Banis, chairman of the 
Los Angeles Collegiate Council 
and director of the UCLA Lobby 
Campus Office , commented th at 
Bradley, a UCLA alumnus, "has 
been very responsive to the 
students" and that "his 
continued support in attendi ng 
fu nctions on all levels 
(elementary, community college , 
UC) has made him very much 
the people 's candidate ." Ban is 
concluded by summarizing his 
observations of the mayor's 
support from UClA students as 
"ve ry popular, btlt few can ci te 
specific programs (hat they are 
really encouraged by. He has 
'successfully been able to keep on 
top of the issues and to advocate 
those issues that students can 
become emotionally involved and 
charged up about. ~ 

Features Editor 
Ken Furie 

Sports Editor 
john Schacht 

Am Editor 
Alicia Agos 

Photo Ed it!>r 
John Ashier 

Office Man.er 
Jan Hansen 

Graphics Man.u 
Shendl Diamond' 

, 

Contributing Editors: Kathy Beckett . Gus Santoyo. Anna Severson. Eva Wong 
Senior SUitT Writer. Mall Lan 
s.cramento Correspondent: Manko Takayaso 
Staff Writers: MIChael Ahn . AC. Skipp Annson. TrtSh Brown. Ellen Caprio. Cheryl 
Cartwnght. Theresa Cassaday. Davp Cook. Tom Ferguson , Lauren Fresh. Nome 
Ganakts. Valene Gulick. Charmaine Haravey, Gayle lIelshbcrg. Marla Hellman . 
Chnstlne Hueber. Kann Jacobsen . Karen Kawasaki , Roben Leone. MIChelle-Shan 
Moskowitz. john Nee. Shelly Page, Susan Peters. [)<we RIChard . Tina Rich. Monte 
Rosen , Anhur SalJur, Anna verson , furbara Sobel , Dave Tedrow. Dantel Thomas. 
MIkel Toombs, Dawn WallS. Mchssa Weinstein 
Photographers: Ron Alan. Mark Johnson. Dawn Mam.kuman, Roger Monroe. RICh 
Peqak. Paul Redmond. Tom Smith . josh Well 
Graphic AniSl5: Herald Altu •• d . John Ashlee RltMdo OlllZ Ca nedo. Bradrord L 
Dezunck. Quan Klln-Iloang. Bdll1da Padro. Tom Plonka. JackIe Scmor • . Scan 
Wagstaff 
uyout AniSl5: john Ashlee . Charmaine lIacavey . DaVId Koons, Vesn. Kulaslllovtc. 
Ntki Ncw\;Jnds. john Schacht, D,lVld Settles, an Wagstaff. rison Zamora 
Typeseum: Lauren fresh . Ken rune . Katrina Kohanowtch, Phil Lauder. Anggie L~p.d . 
Dantel Thomas 
Advertising RcprtKnlatLves: Michael Durfy, DeVin laing. ChriSty Markland 

I h,' lJ(.~l) (,UJIJIJn IS puhllShcl.1 M{)nd.l)') .. nd 1 hUf~")'1 dunng Iht.' J\.. JJl'ml~ rei/.! by .md for the stullenl5 of 
UCSD R.cPl~U\.(MJn t)I' uS(' I,.lt IhlJ ncv.rip"ptr WIthout p!mu~ 1 ~ln IS Slnc.dy pn.>hlhllt."tl , ClIIjIHb •• 1I rlghb rtwrwJ 
Wt ,1rr not r~ p.Jn ,bk lor un.wliLllcc.J moinUk llpu Ot ;HI . 

Vtt~· s tKprc .. seJ lI\1 001 r~pr(S(rn (h(' ,'pint ... nJ ~lr Iht:' Umq:r It) llt L.lhll.lmlJ , 'r th ... A :kXIJU: J ':xudem! 01 
VC,O 1 he lruArdlJn ~ rLiu,)t1,11 .It(' dl'1Cnmncd by rhe' I:dli llf In ( hid \tmolglng I tlll~'" \.ews lltllvr) .tnd thtO 
f)pmldm b.Jlt~w 

Tht UCSD Guardian, B-016 u jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) -452·6580 Business: (619) 452-3-466 

The Guard ... n 15 1000lied nex! to Ihe ( he (.Ire 

Cover by John Ashlee 

Salk speaks on 
evolution, pupulation 
By NONIE GANAKIS, Staff Writer 

DR JONAS SALK, spoke to an audience in Mandeville Auditorium 
about his scientific and social 
theories regarding population 
growth and the evolution of man, 
in a lecture on "Evolution by 
Intention: New Thinking, New 
Solutions," last Tuesday. 

Salk, famous for his discovery 
of the polio vacctne in 1954, 
described how he perceives 
science in relation to the future 
of the human race by insisting 
that "we humans are a product 

population groWlh . 
Salk suggests that this poi nt in 

the future (approximately year 
2086) will be a tuming poi nt for 
evolution . Throughout the history 
of mankind the focus and 
maintenance of life has involved: 
anti-disease and death, 
competition , power, 
independence, quantity of 0[-
spri ng and short range foresight 
in the attainment of goals. 

Salk predicts that during this 
"inflection pOint," where the 
population will stabilize and 

"We all have in us a 'selfish 
generosity ' to be generous with our 
ideas if we think we will gain something 
from it ... " 

of the process of evolution , and 
then we become the product itself." 

He went on to say that 
population trends can be 
predic ted by science and that 
applyi ng newly acqu ired 
technology to the curre nt 4.7 
billion populus, he predicts an 
increase of approximately 10 to 
11 billion people in the next one 
hundred years and , follOwing it, 
a leveling o fT to nearly zero 

-Dr. Jonas Salk 

remain constant, issues of pro-
health and life , collabora tion, 
interdependence, quality of off-
spring and the long range 
foreSIght in the attainment of 
goals will be the dominant 
characteristics. 

Salk reasons that very much 
like the stages of human 
development, from con eption 
to death , evolution is also a stage 
of development. 

When asked how the 
individua l will survive the 
evolu tion to this mutualistic 
society, Salk answered that 
"evolution is selfish ," and only 
those traits that encourage 
change (e.g. creativity and open-
mindedness) will survive . He 
went on to say that ' we aU have 
in us a 'selfish generosity' t6 be 
generous with our ideas if we 
think we will gain something 
from it." and that this type of 
competitive trait will not allow 
the anonymity to exist. 

Creativity. Salk said. is the 
basis for effec tive collaboration 
and change. 

Salk ci ted several examples of 
"creative expressionism" in 
China and Eastem Europe. 
UNICEF and Live Aid are 
exam ples of "how people (in the 
United States) are already acting 
instinctively [0 do the good for 
the world ." Salk said. 

Salk explained th"t he was not 
just volunteering his personal 
beliefs but "researc hing c urrent 
and past pattems to attempt to 
recognize qualities and 
charactenstics of pattems to 
come. ' 

"No longer is It possible to 
think of JUSt the U.S. but of the 
world as a whole ," Salk said . "If 
we focus on world vision. 
developing worlds as well as 
developed worlds WIll soon be 
one a nd should be thought of as 
one for society [0 evolve ." 

Salk concluded by pointing 
out that people are beginning to 
realize the possible consequences 
for "our self destructive 
dtrection " towards evolution , and 
that "we should not expect a 
nuclear war, but should act as if 
there will be o ne to facilitate 
change ." ~ 

Monday. Manh 10. 1986 3 
NEWS 

Food poisoning scare 

Flu epidemic 
hits Revelle 
By EMMA-LEE CAPRIO. Staff Writer 

What appeared to be a case of 
. food po isoning at the Reve lle 

Cafeteria was actually an illness 
related to a recent flu epidemic 
on campus. 

"A series of people had the 
flu ." said Bill Bernard of 
Environmental Health and Safety 
(EH&S), the group whIch 
conducted an investigation o f 
student reports immediately after 
the incident. 

The results revealed that the 
student illnesses were unrelated 
to any food that had been eaten 
at the Revelle cafeteria . 

The alleged reports of food 
pOlsonmg were taken senously, 
according to Tim Purpura at the 
Re velle resident dean's office . 

"There was always the possibility 
that it could have been food 
poisoning," Purpura said . 

Resident advisers at Blake and 
Argo Halls were asked to 
question students on their floor 
for symptoms o f food poisoning. 

Questions included what 
students had eaten in the last 24 
hours and when they had eaten 
it. The RAs then tumed in 
reports naming the physically ill 
students on their floors to the 
dean's olTice. 

Dale De Genaro, an RA at 
Blake Hall , thought she had food 
poisoning and "found that 10 
people had the same symptoms 
that I did on my floor. " 

After tuming in the report, De 
Please tum to page 7 

Hit and run victim 
Yong Cheng Yang, a research 

assistant at UCSD, was injured 
by a hl! and run driver late 
Thursday night, according to 
UCSD Police Chief John 
Anderson . 

Several people witnessed the 
accident at the comer of 
Hutchison and Gilman, when a 
vehicle, apparently moving at a 
high rate of speed , hit Yang, 
Anderson said . 

Anderson declined to describe 

the ve hide because the case is 
still under investigation and the 
police hope to identify the 
vehicle. 

Yang, who is a native of the 
People's Republic of China, was 
taken by ambulance to Sharp 
Memorial HOSpItal, m critical 
condition. Anderson stated that 
Mr. Yang's condi tion is currently 
listed as good , but he had 
suffered a broken arm and 
lace rations. - Robert Leone 

Judaic Studies the UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
- Spring·Quarter 1986-

Course Offerinss in Ancient & Modern Middle East, 
Bible, Hebrew, Judaic Studies 

CULTURAL TRADITIONS 1 C - The Rabbis· This course focuses upon the history of 
the formation and development of the principle ideas, literary works and institutions of 
rabbinic Judaism. It will discuss the place of the rabbis within the larger Jewish community 
and within the world of late antiquity in general. Note: The course is the third in this year's 
three-quarter sequence in Judaic Cultural Traditions. TIH 11 :30-12:50, TLH Ill, CC 
5856. Mr. Gereboff. 

JUDAIC STUDIES lOS · Modem Jewish Thought -This course will examine the ideas and 
thought systems of major, modem, and contemporary Jewish thinkers. We will elucidate 
the key issues discusaed by these philosophers and theologians with the goal of 
understanding current directions of Judaic and Jewish thought. TIH 2:30-3:50, STL 205, 
CC 6464. Mr. Gereboff. 
LIT /HE liS (LIT/GEN 115)· Topics in IhePropheu· Study ofasingle book, period,or 
issue in the biblical prophets. Topic: The Development of Montheism. TIH 11 :30- 12:50, 
USB 4020B, CC 8770 (CC 8769 for LIT / GEN liS). Mr. Halpern. Note: This course 
does not appear in the schedule of classes but ia being ofered this quarter. 

LIT/ HE 117 (UT/ GEN 117)· Topics in Biblical Poelry -Study ofasingle book, period, 
or issue in the narrative books of the Bible. TIH 4:00-5:20, HSS 2152, CC 8740 (CC 
06746 for LIT / GEN 117). Mr. David Noel Freedman. 
HISTOR Y 100 . The Ancient Near East and Israel -The history of Israel is studied in the 
context of ancient Near Eastern civilization as a whole. Topics include the birth of 
civ ilization in Southern Mesopotamia, the Assyrian and Babylonian empires, and the rise 
of Persia as well as lsrael in the Biblical period (1900-#5 B.C.). ITH 1:()()'2:20, TLH 
110, CC 6279. Mr. Propp. 

POLITICAL SCIENCE 1 ZlD - The Arab Israeli Conflict: From 1948 to Present - The 
course will analyze the evolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict from 1948, the establishment 
of the state oflsrael, to the present day , It will focus on an assessment of the positions and 
objectives of the various participants in the conflict: the Arab states, the Palestinians and 
Israel. It will also examine the impact of general Middle East problems on the Arab-Israeli 
conflict and evaluate various possible solutions. Prerequisite: Upper-division standing. 
MW 6:30-7:50, HL 1205, CC 8707. Mr. Goldberg. 

POLITICAL SCIENCE 121F -Arab Polilics and Ideologies in the !loch Century - Major 
trends in 20th century Arab politics and thought will be examined, revolVing around the 
questio n of the role of ideology in Middle East Politics. Analysis will focus on Arab 
Nationalism, Islamic fundamentalism, territorial nationalism, Arab radicalism and on 
Nasserism, Ba 'th Party, and the Muslim Brotherhood and on other movements which 
sought to confront the various crises of Muslim-Arab society. Prerequisite: Upper-
division standing. MW 5:00-6:20, HL 1148, CC 8708. Mr. Goldberg. 

Cantllel lhe Judaic SI14diu Office al 452-4551 (Of' funlter information. 

STARTING 
ST. PATRICK'S DAY 
Monday, March 17 to 

Friday, March 21 
8 am- 4 pm 

In front of the UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 



yo 

Mighty Tritonville may strike out 
Old habits are always the hardest to break. When this university was 

founded , it was decided by the powers-that-were that UCSD would live or die 
by its academic reputation. Through 25 years of change and growth , this 
philosophy still prevails at the UCSD campus. Paramount to this is that 
research will never take a back seat to athletics; an archaic notion which 
believes that a topnotch athletic program simply cannot co-exist with an 
Institution based on research. This mind set still dominates the thinking of the 
majority of today's powers-that-be, particularly within the UCSD Athletic 
department. 

Established with only the noblest of intentions, this philosophy has 
nevertheless proven to be less than ideal. early every student has at one time 
felt the brunt of this "research first" emphasis, when his or her professor hasn't 
spent enough time teaching because he or she was too busy competing for 
dollars in the world of research . At this science-oriented school, young people 
seeking an education in history or literature have also taken a back seat to 
research. But no group has taken a seat further back than the athleti 
department 

Without Inhibition, the forces of history move on relentlessly. A decade ago, 
it was taken for granted that the Greek system would never rear its distinctly 
non-resear h oriented head on our campus. Love 'em or hate 'em, they're here 
and probably to stay. Similarly, according to Athletic Director Judy Sweet, "the 
de ision was made at UCSD very clearly when the school was founded that 
our students weren't going to have time to even be involved in extracurricular 
activitles." Today, however, UCSD is home to one of the top Division 1Il 
programs In the nation, primarily due to the work of Sweet herself. The days of 
volunteer coaching and teams sleeping in opponents' gyms the night before 
the game are over. Scheduling top flight DIvision III teams from the East for a 
tournament at UCSD next year IS indicative of the continuing interest in 
athletics on this campus. 

However, despite the progress that has been made, the initial departmental 
philosophy remains intact. UCSD's fifth college IS expected to bring UCSD's 
total population to more than 20,000 by the year 2,000, let alone what the size 
of the populace could be by 20 laThe very idea of a school of 30,000 . 
competing athleticallr. aga,inst di~ision rivals with an BOO-student campus IS 
regressive all by itsel . Let s not kId ourselves, a university that sports such a 
culturally stagnant climate like this one could use a shot of student-inspired 
prestige: athletic growth IS one such route . 

Certain programs within' the athletic program are suffering because they 
must compete and recruit within the Division III guidelines. Despite these 
restrictions, examples like the Men's Waterpolo and Baseball teams must 
compete against scholarshIp instltutlons, and to their c redit. are competitive 

despite the odds stacked against them. 
Sweet's progress - such as getting. top Division III schools to visit San Diego 

- increases our bond to Division Ill . These moves - part of the department's 
attempt to become "the most successful Division III program in the nation" -
do not, though , address the concerns of UCSD's athletes and coaches. In a 
report to be turned into the Registration Fees committee, a poll of coaches and 
players determined that their most pressing concern is the lack of campus and 
community support and funding. Dominating Division III is a novelty that will 
never keep a school of 20,000 students interested in athletics. Fundraising to 
supplement new equipment, more stable coaching pOSitions and new 
expanded sports facilities will not be easily wrought when the potential teaser 
is a schedule consisting of CllIist Colleges, or even East Coast teams such as 
Brandeis University. 

Unfortunately, even such steps as hiring a full-time fundraiser are running 
into the resiliar,l , old philosophy. The athletic department is not committed to 
true progress in any other dlrectiOiI than Division III preeminence, despite 
UCSD's size, and the fact that most of our teams are a blue-chip player or two 
away from being competitive with Division I and II teams. 

Every year UCSD has to get NCAA waivers in order to fulfill their schedules 
because of the lack of Division III competition in the West. Instead of trying to 
generate funds to travel east to play the top Division III schools, a move 
designed to increase attendance, interest, and funds - UCSD should be 
actively preparing for a division jump. We are not , of course, advocating 
competition with the fertile grounds of the ACC or the Big East. But a rivalry 
against some of the UC schools in Division II, or, (the founding fathers must 
be turning in their graves) against the supposedly inferior educational 
institutions in Division I like Berkeley, UCLA, or Stanford, would do more for 
UCSD than a basketball game versus MIT. 

Every time UCLA appears on National TV, all the schools on the Pac 10 
receive financial renumeration . Funds generated by the spectator Sports 
through TV rights larger gate receipts and attractive incentives for big money 
supporters in the fertile business regions around our campus would eventually 
overcome the initial costs of making a division jump. 

We urge the UC administration , the UCSD athletic department, and the Reg 
Fee committee to actively seek the suppOrt of the campus and community in 
bringing UCSD's athletic program up to par with its academic reputation . 
Hiring a full time fundraiser , actively olganizing support for a football team, 
and preparing the way for a jump to a division more in keeping with UCSD's 
size are keys to getting a head start on the future. An athletic program for the 
student body, as well as the athletes is most definitely in the long term interest 
of the UCSD community. The change is going to com~, like it or not. 

Drug testing: an unwarranted intrusion 
By CHRISTOPHER SCHNAUBELT 

W HEN WILL BOTH When me 18m amendment hberals and con- was repealed . organized rime servatives realize shifted Its major effon to . 
that the govemment IS absolutely prostitution , gambling and illegal 
incapable of solving SOCial drug because governmental 
problems by Simply passing a involvement created incredibly 
few laws? The call for mandatol), high profits fOI rhose wlling to 
drug testing of federally break the law and satisfy 
connected employees by demand Studies have shown 
President Reagan's Commission that a large portion of heroin 
on Organized Crime IS and other hard drug addicts 
incredibly misgUided. More were recruited by acquaintances 
government Involvement is not who Initially gave Out "free 
the answer. The government has samples" in order to hook future 
not been able to solve the customers. If mere were no 
problem of American poveny by money to be made, there would 
spending billions of dollars, and be no cause to create new 
Draconian drug laws have addicts. 
proven equally ineffeCtIve in 
redUCing the problem of drug 
abuse. 

Mandatory drug testing will be 
an unwarranted intrusion Into the 
pnvacy oj the mdividual. It will 
vIOlate the baSIC American pnnciple 
oj innowlce until gUilt can be 
proven, arId il will coS! billiO/IS oj 
dollars without achieving ih deSired 
effect 

CommiSSion chalnnan Irving 
R. Kaufman stated: "Drug 
trafficking is the single most 
serious organized cnme problem 
confronting the countl)' ." But a 
foolish , shortsighted government 
action created the organized 
erlme problem in the first place. 
The biggest boost for organized 
crime was prohibition . Making 
the consumption of alcohol 
illegal created the opportunity for 
huge profits which bootlegger5 
and gangsters readdy used to 
build their empires. 

Not only do these incredible 
profits encourage pushers to 
actlvely recruit new customers. 
the high prices increase criminal 
acuvltles by forCing addlCIS to 
steal more to supporr their 
habits. Statistics val)', but there is 
no doubt that a large portion of 
crime against propeny is drug 
related . Some studies estimate 
that over 75 percent of home 
burglaries are committed by drug 
addiCts. ObViously. an addict 
must steal a great deal more [Q 
support a $200 a day illegal habit 
than he would if he could buy 
his heroin at the local phannacy 
for $5. 

Because the federal 
gove rnment has been unable [Q 
put a dent in the operations of 
the smuggling king-pins , it now 
wants to interfere in the lives of 
individuals The conservatives 
supporting this program say that 
the mnocent have nothing to 
fear and will readily support the 
program. This is absolute 
nonsense! Even non -users will be 
-annoyed (at the vel)' least) at 
having to urinate into a bottle a 
couple of times a year. Some 
percentage will suffer unjustified 
humiliation and persecution for 
test results which are incorrect. 
The cost of 30 or 40 million 
urine tests will be borne by 
eve 1)'0 ne . Those millions of 
dollars could be spent in 
reducing the deficit ur improving 
law en forcement. 

The issue for many of the 
people who dream up and 
support these drastic proposals 
is nOt the elimination of 
organized crime. Organized 
crime would be dea lt a mortal 
blow if gambling, prostitution 
and drug use were legalized. 
(You can bet that the czars of 
the underworld spend millions of 
dollars lobbying again t legaliZing 
their business .. . all under the 
guise of the "public good," of 
course!) They want to comrol 
lives. 

PolitiCians eem to believe mal 
most Americans arc 100 stupid 
and immoral [0 deCKle which 
substances they want to Ingest , 
h w much money they want to 

risk in a poker game or when 
they want to pay for sexual 
favors. But I have seen no 
evidence suggesting mat our 
elected and appOinted officials 
are more qualified to make moral 
pronouncements than you and l. 

All this is not to say that drug 
traficking is a desirable or truly 
"victimless" crime. The money 
spent would be well worth it if 
the government were capable of 
solving me problem, but it 
cannot. A thousand times more 
alcoholics have been helped 
through privately operated , 
voluntal)' programs such as AA. 
than were aided by prohibition . 
The government's drug enforcement 
policies have (reald a large market 
through unintentional economic 
incentives, and they have done 
nothing to solve the problem of 
drug abuse . 

Americans are addicted to 
government. Just like the 
housewife and business 
executive who feel they must 
pop a few Valium at evel)' 
momeI1l of stress, Americans tOO 
often. run to the governmem' to 
solve every problem. 
Unfonunately, they find a Willing 
bureaucracy, eyes sparkling at 
the thought of spending millton 
of tax dollars, eager top push 
m re laws and more govemment. 

As drug abuse lends to mask 
problems without s lving them , 
causing even greater ddTiculnes, 
govemment is more likely to 
creatc trouble than to ease it. We 
must leam to say "No!" to morc 
government. 

Monday, March 10. 1986 5 
OPINIONS 

The AIDS epidemic: it's not over yet 
By DANIEL MCCANN DUFFY 

T HIS SPRING BREAK gel a suman, nOI AIDS! During 1979, the AIDS virus 
infected an average of seven 
people evel)' day. Today, the 
AIDS virus infects more than 
1,000 people everyday. Of the 
1,000 people infected daily, at 
least 300 will develop AIDS. 
Ninety percent of the victims are 
between the ages of 20 and 49, 
with the average lifespan of 
those diagnosed with AIDS being 
56 weeks. No one with AIDS has 
ever lived longer than five years. 
Currently, Ihere is no cure or 
vaccine. 

According to The Harvard 
Medical School Health Leller, "For 
every person in the United States 
who has AlDS or one of the 
related conditions, there are 40 

to 50 who are carrying the virus 
but do not know they have it." 
People with the virus can spread 
AIDS even though they do no 
have it themselves. 

An estimaled I to 2 million 
Americans are cun'endy infected 
with the virus. The National 
Cancer Institute in Washington 
has found mat one-third of a 
group in New York City who 
showed signs of exposure to the 
virus in 1982 have since 
developed AIDS. Barring any 
unforseen medical breakthrough, 
at least 300,000 Americans will 
contract AIDS in the coming five 
years. SIX times the number of 
Ameri ans killed in combat 
during the Viemam War. 

AIDS relentlessly destroys the 
human body's immune system, 

leaVing the Victim prey to a 
number of infectious and 
eventually fatal diseases. Some 

symptoms of AIDS are persistent 
swollen glands, headaches, 
recurre nt feve r, night sweatS7 
fatigue , weight loss and a dl)' 
cough. 

It is not a Gay Plague. 
Evidence indicates that AIDS is 
transmitted from person to 
person through blood , plasma, 
body organs, tissues, and semen. 
In me homosexual com munity, 
the virus is spread through 
semen and the rectal bleeding 
that often accompanies the 
trauma of anal intercourse . The 
multipltcity of sexual panners 
has hastened the spread of AlDS 
in me Gay community. 

However, homosexuals do not 
comprise me entire high risk 
group for AIDS. Other high risk 
groups include bisexuals, 

Intravenous drug users, 
reCipients of blood products and 
body organs, prostitutes, and 
sexual partners of all these 
individuals. The laS{ category 
appears to be AlDS "portal of 
entl)''' into the heterosexual 
world . 

The virus is transmitled from 
infected male to female primarily 
through the semen, and has also 
been documented to be spread 
from infected woman to man. A 
possible method of transmission 
is thought 10 be me blood that 
can be in a woman's vagina from 
either her menstrual period or an 
abrasion . . 

In fected prostltutes are 
believed to be rapidly spreading 
the AIDS virus into me 

Please tum to page 6 

TIME FORA 
RESUME. 

We know it's a busy rime for you-
lime to celebrate, time to reflect. But 
ir's also time ro look to rhe future . 

Kinko's can help you prepare for 
your future. We have a wide range of 
specialty papers and matching 
envelopes to give your resume the 
professional look it deserves 

Come by and see us today. There's 
no time like the present. 

creat copIeS. creat people 

HOURS 
M-Th 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm. Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs/ Sav-On) 
La Jolla Village Convenience Center 

457-3775 

~-HMPUlIl 
INVITES YOU TO ATTEND A 

FREE INFORMATIONAL 
FORUM, 

-Business School and the GMAr 

MARY McNUL IT 
Administtator 

RSVP; 

CLAS ES ON CAMPUS 
.. 780 Claire mont 

Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 
92117-2006 

(619) 277-67 .... 



OPINIONS 

presents 
p~~1: ~El( ~ ~~\. ~o~p...\. EUllO \~~v..~~ p~ 

• TOURS FOR n 
STUDENTS/ YOUTH 

THROUGH EUROPE '86 
Extt'a Bonus: Soviet Union & Poland Tours 

FREE SEMINAR: 
March 13, 198~ 

6-7 p.m. 
UCSD North Conference Room 

Guest speakers will be present to answer questions. 

00 

PROFESSIONAL 
visioncare 

CENTERS 

NEED 
EXTRA 
INCOME? 
Give Blood, 
Source Plasma 

~ 
PYRAMID 

BIOLOGICAL 
CORPORATION 

or join our H·.fG Program 
Whole Blood or Source Plasma - $10 per donation. 
BLOOD DONOR HOURS: 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Monday, Tues· 
day, Thursday & Friday. Closed Wednesday, Saturday & 
Sunday. 1.0. required. Do not eat fried or fatty foods before 
donating. Plasma Program first donation requires an ap· 
polntment for physical. 

Hepatitis B (H·BIG) Program - Earn from $240 to $900 a 
month while helping others. To qualify, come in for a free 
blood test (1) if you are a health care worker, (2) if you've had 
Hepatitis B or had contact, (3) if you 've received the vaccine. 

PYRAMID BIOLOGICAL CORPORATION 
525 Hawthorn Street, Suite 12 (between 5th & 6th Ave.) 

San Diego, California 92101 • (619) 2334481 
A Blood Bank and Plasma Antibody Center dedicated to the service 
of our community and worldwide health organizations. 

• See yourself in contact lenses. 
Rediscover the natural radiance of 
your eyes without glasses .. 
For as low as $79.00, The Package 
Plan includes everything you need: 
a complete vision examination, soft 
daily-wear lenses, evaluation and 
fitting, lens solutions, vision report, 
personal training and two month 
(allow-up care. All this for less than 
an average pair of glasses. 
Try on tinted lenses. Explore 
passions in sparkling blue, aqua, 
!ioMlin£ amber, or deep-sea green. 

30-day extended wear and 
fashion tinted lenses The Package 
,Plan is only $109.00. 
Treat yourself to afresh new look at 
an irresistable price. Make an 
appointment today and askfor 
The Package Plan. 

= La loIJD (£nler 
(Near UCSD, above 51. Germain's) 
3251 Holiday Courl, Suite 203 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
(619) 457·1181 

= Mission Gorge (£nter 
(Near sladiulII and SDSU) 
10405 San Diego Mission Rd. , SlIile 107 
San Diego, CA 92108 
(6/9) 283-9201 

= North CoIuIJy Center 
(In Plaza Rio Valle) 
844 San Marcos Blvd., Suite UJ 
Sail Marcos, CA 92069 
(619) 7#-26/1 

= /JoWnJoWIl San lJi40 CmItr 
1399 Ninlh Avenue, SlIile 04 
Sail Diego, CA 92101 
(619) 235-0607 

MasterCard, Visa accepted. EI'ellings alld 
weekend appointments available. Replacement 
lens prices start at S/7.()() each. 
Prices listed are/or myopes only, others may 
vory. 

AIDS 
ontinucd from page 5 

heterosexual population. The 
ChIcago Health Commissioner 
recently wamed the public that 
"All persons who utilize the 
services of male or female 
prostitutes are at risk of 
contracting AIDS." 

In Africa, 10 million Africans 
are infected with the virus. The 
primary means of transmission is 
believed to be heterosexual 
contact. The rario of male to 
female African AIDS victims is 
about 1 to 1. 

In the United States, the 
average AIDS patient spends a 
total of 167 days in a hospItal at 
a cost of $147,000. This cost is 
usually bome by the state and 
federal government. There fore , 
trearment for the 300,000 future 
AIDS patients could cost us, as 

taxpayers, $42 billion in 1990. 
In spite of these facts , 

Congress has allocated only $238 
million for AIDS research for the 
1986 fiscal year. More alarming, 
the President's 1987 proposed 
AIDS research budget asks for 
$195 million , $43 million less 
than the 1986 allocation . 

Many of our nation's leaders 
are afraid to confront the AIDS 
epidemic [ea~ing that their own 
sexuality and morality might be 
questioned . The "epidemic of . 
fear" that AIDS engenders 
includes [ear of recognizing AIDS 
or openly helping AIDS victims. 

We must courageously ask our 
elected officials to enact a 
massive AIDS public education 
campaign. Education is the best 
vaccination . Also we must ask 

. '.~- L'Assiette au 8eurre 
~es Sourre.u" de, "Cllr", _ 

this administration and Congress 
to have the' fiscal wisdom to 
allocate a multi-bilhon dollar 
appropriation for AlI?S research 
this year. Research dlscovenes 
may prevent Americans from. 
being saddled with the loommg 
$42 billion AIDS medical bill. 

By acting with courage in the 
face of the problems with which 
AIDS presents us, we will protect 
the Jives of millions of American 
citizens and the productive and 
financial resources of our 
country. By showing compassion 
to the AID victims of today, we 
will prevent ourselves from being 
personal or economic AIDS 
vi tims tomorrow. 
Mr DullY is a freelan ce writer In 
IllInOIS. ~ 

. I 

Flu 
Continued from page 3 

been mentIoned in reference to 
the results of the investigation. 
The cafeteria did not take part in 
investigating the possible food 
poisoning, however, "EH&S lOok 
culture samples and Genaro said that nothng new has 

TRY SOMETHING NEW! 
anti .onNtlai,.. .ooJ lor ,)IOU too. 

There are man" reasons wh" It is flood 
to eat IJefletarian at least sometimes. 

Well - cut down on cholesterol fats found in meat, 
increase relluitJritll, cut down on waste b" eatintl 
lower on the food chain, AND flet more oariefJI 

alliitamina & minerau. 
- All You Can Eat-

Authentic Indian Di.1a with 
Curried Vegetables, lAmtil Doltl, Cucumber Yogurt Salad . 

L...-___ Wed., Marcia 12 5.7 pm $3.50 ___ ----J 
$150 rOR·YOOR-----.-. 

STIlEP THROAT or BRONCHITIS 
(Coughing up yellow mucus) 

We IYeed VolunteuJ ro rat A /Yew Antibiotic; 
TOI' rile 1'reIIt.eIIt Of lfaplnllo'llinfedloru 

Qullflcatloru, You must be l~ ,nd othetw/se hulthl/ with no 
chronic m~CII problt!l1ls ",d no regullr medlartions. /Yo 
",tib/otia in the 'ast 14 dIfIs. Women must be using e/fectiue 
contnlception. No M'er!IJ to Penidllin or Amo.Kicillln. 

Slry Stu., You must h6ue a Positive Rapid Strep Test (other 
tllnMt Infections will N(Jf' qualify) 

IIIvlldlltLt: You must produce "'adequate (yellow or green) mucu" 
S/lntp'e. 

Til'" .... '"elU'" 
· $150 sUpend (P,Uent PlfIment on stuetl completion) 
• 10dai/s of {ret: antibiotics . 
• Complete mediCli urt. including e.wninations. "-"'IJs. biood 

testing ",d cultures. . 
for more information 0111186-1815. no IIIIswer all 4~J988 

WlITt:n If. 'Plesliow flII.o,jIJoard Certified Internl"t 

temperatures , to see if the food 
was cooked hot enough and 
stored cold enough ," 

Although no connection was 
found berween the food and the 
student illnesses, Bernard said 

3¢ XEROX COPIES 
WITH STUDENT ID 

We take 
the hassle out-

• Poetal Mailbox Rentals. 
Open 24 hrs. 

• Parcel Shipping. 
Fed. Express, UPS, Purolaror 
• Mailing Materials. 

• Audio Ca88ette Duping. 
• Pauport Photos • 

3368 Governor Dr. #F 
,",xl au Ih< rosa Off",< 
In tho: BI,l! Bu.lr C.·nh..T 

(619) 457,1072 
Mon.-Fri. 8 am-7 pm 

Sat. 8 am-6 pm 

I AMERICAN (!)CANCER 
'SOCIETY· 

MrlPldu , MCI rc h 10, 1986 7 

precautions are still being taken. 
Food poisoning IS very rare on 

ca mpus, although a few cases 
emerged at the Day Care Center 
a few years ago , Bernard 

sa~ . ~ 

NEWS 

r--------------------------~ I 
HAIRCUT SPECIAL 

$ 8 (reg. $10) 
Ask for Yoko, Nancy E. or Marilyn 

SHEAR DEUGHT 
3240 Governor 

(in the Big Bear Shopping Center) 

453-4668 
&. __________ _ (with this ad). _______ - - J 

1986 ASUCSD ELECTIONS 

Filing Period: March 10, 1986 8 am 
to March 14, 1986 4:30 pm 

and on March 31, 19868am to 4pm 

Forms may be picked up and filed 
in the Associated Students Office. 

Positions you may file for 
the AS are: 

• AS President 
• AS Vice President Administration 
• AS Vice President External Affairs 
• AS Vice President Financial 
• Commissioners: Public Relations 

ComIl}unications 
Programming 
Academic Affairs 
Operations/ 

• In 

No filing during finals or 
spring break for candidates. 

. Services and Enterprises 

Election codes are available in 
the AS offices. 

• Commissioner /Chairperson 
of the University Center Board 

• College Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators 

-~t e....-. -
COLLEGE COUNCIL POSITIONS MUST 

BE FILED IN THEIR RESPECTIVE 
COLLEGE DEAN'S OFFICE 



('ademiL ~ .. n In'i 
MONDAY-fRIDAY 
Sl30 ..... 4100 pm - OASIS Writ ing Center 
offers rree seNice for all UCSD students who 
need pr~writing help, conferences on drafts, 
and edit ing acNice. We engage any kind of 
w ri ting and ;rry kind of writing problem. 
Conferences are ~ appointment only. 
Evening appointments are also available in 
Third Place at Third College. (For the full 
range of seN/ces see the back of the QJrrent 
class schec1Jle). Call 452-2284 or come by 
USB 4010 to make an appointment. This 
seNice is available throughout the quarter. 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Writ ing Center. 
9100 ..... 4:00 pm - Grammar Moses 
Hotline: A grammar hotline phon~in seNice 
for help w ith diction, grammar and 
puna uation problems. To reach Grammar 
Moses, call 452-2284. Sponsored ~ the 
OASIS Writing Center SeNices available 
throughout the quarter. 
MONDAY 

12:~ 1 :30 pm - The Scholars' Writing 
Workshop is designed for students w ho have 
honors writing potential and are willing to 
y.,Qrk to m at end. The workshop is housed at 
OASIS Second Story, usa 4010. Students may 
also receive one on one tutorials with the 
workshop coordinator Farrel l Foreman, If a 
small group of students wishes to work on 
their writing assignments a time can be 
arranged w ith the coordinator to meet on a 
regular basis 
1 :3()'4:30 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help finding desirable part- t ime 
employment. determining career goals, 
searching for .JObs or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. N o 
appointment necessary, just walk-in. In the 
Career SeNices Center. 
tuESDAY 
1 :3H100 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help with career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary, just walk-in. In the 
Career SeNICes Center. 
WEDNESDAY 
1:30..4:00 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help with career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. N o 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. In the 
Career SeNices Center. 
11iURSDAY 
1:3()'4:00 pm - Drop-In Advising Hours: 
For help fin 'ding desirable part- time 
employment. determining career goals, .JOb 
hunting, resume preparation, etc. No 
appointment necessary, just w alk-in. In the 
Career SeNices Center. 
FRIDAY 
1:3H100 - Drop-In AcNising Hours: For 
help w ith career goals, .JOb hunting, resume 
preparation, etc. No appointment necessary, 
juSt walk-in. In the Career Services Center. 
I:ntertalnment 
MONDAY 
8:00 pm - Concert Choir, directed ~ Philip 
Larson, performs all t ime vocal favorites. In 
the Mandeville Redtal Hall. Free. 
'TUESDAY 
8100 pm - Jazzl And more j azz with the 
UCSD Jazz Ensembles directed by Jimmy 
Cheatham and more . guests. In 
Mandeville Auditorium. 53, 52 
students/ staff/seniors 

The Weekly 

WEDNESDAY 
8100 pm - UCSD Chamber Ensembles 
salute spring in concert. In the Mandeville 
Redtal Hall. Free. 
11iURSDAY 
8100 pm - Robert Dick, flutist 
extraordinaire, performs original INOrks for 
solo flute, bass flute, and flute w ith tape. In 
M andevill e B-21O. AdmiSSion 53, 
students/ staff/seniors 51. 
SATURDAY 
6:00 pm - UCSD performance classes in a 
gala evening of music theatre, direcrted ~ 
French trombonist Vinko Globokar. In 
Mandeville Auditorium. Free. 
()nzanlzathm Meetinus 
tuESDAY 
5:30 pm - Interested in learning about, as 
well as rrom. the Third World? Want to work 
with overseas communities striving for 
economic arld sodal development? The 
Overseas Development Network IODNI 
Chapter at UCSD " SEED" promotes greater 
understanding of problems facing 
developing countries ~ getting an updose 
look at Third World realities. Find out what 
SEED is planning now. In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 
WEDNESDAY 
4100 pm - APSA (Asian Padfic Student 
Alliance) members who attended the APSU 
conference last Saturday at San Frandsco 
State will share their experiences during this 
special APSA general meeting. All are invited 
to attend. Contact 452-2048. In the APSA 
Office, Student Center. 
tHURSDAY 
1 1:00.,. -lXliversity Events Office Music 
Committee meeting - we will be planning 

events for next fall . Anyone interested is 
welcome. In the UEO Office. 
[?ec ... eaUC)n 
TUESDAY 
7100 pm - Surf Club meeting. Discuss 10th 
week beer open and spring quarter events 
and contest against DMSe. In usa 405QA. 
THURSDAY 
5:45 pm - The Thursday Dinner. Good 
tood and great company. Sponsored ~ the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. In the 
University Lutherarl Church. Donation 52. 
6100-7:00 pm - Free Seminar featuring 
tours for students/youth through Europe 
sponsored by Council Travel, Students Travel 
International arld Trek Europa. Also featured 
will be tours through the Soviet lXlion and 
fOland. in the Student Center North Cont. 
Rm. 
fRIDAY 
8100 pm - How to catch a Leprechaun. 
Come to the St. Patrick's Day Party and join 
the darldng, food and fun. Starts at 8 pm in 
the Catholic Student Lounge at the 
University Lutheran Church across rrom 
Revelle. Sponsored ~ the Catholic Student 
Coordinators. 
[?ellulC)us f'unctiC)ns 
TUESDAY-fRIDAY 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass at the University 
lJJtherarl Church 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
MONDAY 
7100 pm - Campus Crusade for Christ. 
Take a study break and join us for fun and 
fellows~p as we stuc¥ Acts II . We're in Conf. 
Rm. B of Student Center B. 
7100 pm - Asiarl American Christian 
Fellowship. Wanna take a break rrom your 
studies? Come join us in our sharing night 

(:alenda~ 
()Uler' 

- APSA is still holding the Easter Canned 
Foods Drive. Proceeds w ill benefit UPAC 
(U1ion for Pan-Asian Communities) . All 
students' and faculty's donations of non-
perishable foods would be greatly 
appredated. Please bring goods to APSA 
office in the Student Center. Thanks for your 
supportl Contact 452-2048. 

~e ... vlt..eslWv ... k~hVp' 
MONDAY-fRIDAY 
9100 ... -1100 pm -ASIO - \XIhat is it? If 
you don't kl10lN already, it·s time to lind outl 
To find out how an internship can be a 
valuable learning experience, the internships 
we have available, deadlines and answers to 
}Our questions, StOP ~ ASIO located on the 
2nd floor of the Student Center alXNe the 
game room. ASIO can be reached by calling 
452-4689. 
MONDAY 
12100-1:00 pm - Let rp of Stress and 
Relax. For all UCSD students, this group is 
designed to teach methods of relaxing and 
dealing with stress which can be used for a 
li fetime. Techniques will ind ude breathing 
exercises. biofeedba ck, progress ive 
relaxation, autogeniC training, guided 
Imagery, meditation, self-hypnosis and tim~ 
management. Meets each week this quarter. 
Students may attend all sessions or aop Into 
;rry one of them as convenient. Led ~ 

tonight. Even though t~s is the last meeting 
of the quarter, it's not too late to mmel We'd 
love to see you there. We're meeting in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7110 pm - Lenten Penitential SeNice. Join 
us in our expression of hope in the power of 
remndliation. In the Catholic Chapel. 
tuESDAY 
8100pm - "Searching for Our Spiritual 
Roots," led ~ Pastor John Huber. All are 
wecome. In the Lounge at University 
Lutheran Church, across the street from 
Revelle College. 
WEDNESDAY 
6100 pm - Supper hosted by the lJJtheran 
students, followed ~ Bible study of Romans 
9. All are welmme. At the University 
Lutherarl Church just vvest of U'ey Hall 
parking lot. 
7100 pm - Lenten Workshop with Brother 
Robert Hugh, Order of St. Francis, 
"Bemming Personal Peacemakers." 4th 
Week: "Peace with My Neighbor." In the 
Good Samaritan Episcopal Church. 
7100 pm - Bible Stuc¥. Come celebrate 
God's word. In the University Lutheran 
Church. 
7145 pm - Lenten Utany, followed by Bible 
stuc¥ of Romans 9, sponsored ~ Lutheran 
Campus Ministry. Open to everyone. At 
lXliversity Luthern Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, at N . Torrey Pines. Rd. 
10100 pm - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored 
~ the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Chapel of the Uliversity Lutherarl Church. 
THURSDAY 
7110 pm - lXIited Campus ministry meets 
regularly for Bible Studies, for information call 
the office at x2521. Recreational events are 
planned as well, for students interested in 
Christiarl fellow.;hip. In the Sun House, La 
.k>lIa. La .k>lIa Presbyterian Church, 7715 
Draper Ave. 
FRIDAY 
7100 pm - Chi Alpha Christian Fellowship 
will be meeting. In the Chancellors Complex 
ilIA 
SATURDAY 
9:00 _12100 pm - Groom the Grounds 
for Easter, I.<llunteers requested. In the 
lXliversity Lutheran Church. 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of the University Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 
8100 & 10100 _ - Epismpal Church 
Worship SeNice. SUnday eucharist arld parish 
fellowship. At the Good Samaritan Church, 
4321 Eastgate Mall. 
SIlO _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the Chapel 
of the University Lutheran Church. 
10100 _ & 7100 pm - Worship led ~ 
Lutheran Campus Pastor John Huber. All are 
welcome. In the chapel of University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La .k>IIa Shores Dr. 
10130 _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by 
the Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
Lower Level Conference Rm., Student Center 
Bldg. B. 
11:15 _ - DiscuSsion led ~ M.D.;1'h.D. 
candidate John Pfeifer. Everyone is invited. At 
University Lutherarl Church. 
5100 pm - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Community at UCSD. In the 
University Lutherarl Churcn. 
7100 pm - Folk mass with personal witness 
and sharing. In the Good Samaritan 
Epismpal Church. 

J)hvws b" Viana ti. Malkin 

Maynard Brusman. Students should call 
Becca at 452-3755 for information and sign 
up. In HL 1003. 
1100 pm -Adopted Students Group. The 
group is desig'led to provide a forum for the 
exploration of issues relevant to the 
experience of being adopted. All Students 
involved in the adoption process in whatever 
role are invited. Contact Dr. Dan Munoz at 
452-3456 for information. In the Revelle 
College Provost's Office. 
2100-3.00 pm - This is itl The last week of 
Birth Control Information Sessions. But have 
no fear, they will be back next quarter for 
more knowledge, learning and FUN (if you 
know what I mean - nudge, nudge. Say no 
morel/ Upstairs at the Student Health Center. 
3100-4130 pm - Overmming Compulsive 
Eating/RED Ill. This group is designed to 
manage compulsive eating patterns. Leaders 
and members will be encouraged to take an 
active role in the recovery process through 
outside contaa and homework. Chronic 
dieting, building of effeaive coping styles, 
fostering of intimacy will all be a focus of 
group time. Led ~ Lorraine Watson and peer 
munselor. In Dr. Harju's office, WC 302. 
tuESDAY 
81JO.IOIOO .,. - Adults Molested As 
Children Group. A group br men and 
INOmen who were molested in childhood or 
adolescence ~ strarlgers, acquaintances 
and/or family members. Interested students 
should call Miriam losupovid (452-3755) or 
Lorraine Watson (452-3987) for information. 
In HL 1003. 
12lOo-lrOO pm - (Sing to "Forget Your 
Troubles" ). Forget your troubles, c'mon get 
happy. Birth Control Information is on its 

way. Shout halleluia, yeall, c'mon get info, 
we're rpnna teach ya birth control to~. 
L,pstairs at SHe. 
12100-1100 pm - Test Anxiety Workshop. 
Do you experience high levels of anxiety 
before or during test taking situations? This. 
INOrkshop will help. Partidpants will learn 
row to red.Jce anxiety, gain confidence and 
improve performance on tests. Led ~ 
Maynard Brusmarl and Izzy Lerman, 452-
3755. In HL 1003. 
4100 pm - Informational meeting 
regarding the Recnvering fi"om . Eating 
Disorders Program sponsored by 
Psychological and Counseling Se!Vices. In Dr. 
Harju's office, WC 302. 
WEDNUDAY 
9100-10130 _ - GradJate Women in 
Humanities. This is a weekly support group 
for gradJate women students in the 
Humanities concerned with personal, 
professional and academic issues. Led ~ 
Miriam losupovid arld Heather Laird, 452-
3755. Call Miriam for inbrmation arld sign 
l.p. In HL 1003. 
11100 _-12:00 pm - How interesting-
the effect of low blood sugar on memory? 
Join the Diabetic Support Group (2nd floor 
Student Health Services) in wec:oming Dr. 
Orville Kolterman, researcher from the 
Sch:lol of Medidne and head of the UCSD 
Diabetic Center. His talk will surely be 

"unfor~abler 
IZrOO-1rOO pm - loon dat¥ da~ da~. 
loon da~ d~ da~. Zoon d~ dat¥ da~ 
dool All you Martians come and le ... n the 
proper usage of your gUnglic and schluba at 
the Birth Control Information Session. 
Humarls lNeicome too. L,pstairs at the 
Student Health Center. 
3r00-4I3O pm - Campus Black Forum. A 
weekly, Informal discussion group on the 
issues, concerns, arld the quality of/ife of the 
BIack.comrrunity at UCSD. This Is an onrping 
group arld students can join at ary time. 
Students can call leaders Phil Raphael at 452-
3755 or Rochelle Bastien at 452-3035 if they 
have any questions; otherwise they can just 
mme to the group. In the Mountain \t1ew 
Lounge. 
J:OO.41. pm - Recnvering From Eating 
Disorders/Group I. TIlis group is for women 
who want to overcome blngeing and 
purging behaviors such as laxative abuse, 
and vomiting on a regular basis. Both 
counselors and students will be enmuraged 
to be active in the recovery process. Led ~ 
8ev Harju. Call Bev at 452-3987 for 
information and sign up. in Dr. Harju'S office, 
we 302. 
4110-6100 pm - LeSbian/Bisexual 
Women's Group. A lNOITIen's group designed 
to discuss relevant issues about being g~ 
Topia may indude coming out. dealing with 
one's sexuality, or relating to peers. Led by 
Teri and Kathy, 452-2023. In the Women's 
Resource Center. 

tHURSDAY 

1100-2110 pm - Recnvering from Eating 
Disorders Group (RED 11/. This group is 
designed for students who have already 
worked on eating disorders and are currently 
in the process of giving up a serious eating 
problem. Focus will be on other areas of 
living while offering support through this 
transitional time. Led by Miriam losupovid 
and peer counselor. Call Miriam at 452-3755 
for information and sign up. In the Revelle 
Formal Lounge 

11O~2:30 pm - Gay!Bisexual Men's 
Counseling Group. On-going c:ontidentlal 
group for male students quest ioning their 
sexuality, as well as those w ho identify as 
gay/bisexual. Meets weekly. Students can 
call leaders, Dr. Steve Brady', Carlos Nelson or 
Marc Weinberger, at 452-3755 for more 
information. In HL 1003. 

2:J~4:OO pm - Ov'ermming Compulsive 
Eating/RED III. This group is designed to 
manage compulsive eating patterns. Leaders 
and members will be encouraged to take an 
active role in the rea::Nery process through 
outside contact and homework. Chronic 
dieting. building of effeaive coping styles, 
fostering of intimacy will all be a focus of the 
group time. Led by Izzy Lerman and peer 
counselor. Call Izzy at 452-3755 for 
information and sigrJ up. In HL 1003. 
4100-5:30 pm - Lesbian & Bisexual 
Women Graduate Student Group. A peer-led 
discussion group for women graduate 
students who are lesbian, bisexual or 
wishing to explore this part of their lives. 

-- - -- - -- ~ - . ~-~,'" 

Monday, Mar(h 10. 1986 9 

Discussion topia will ind ude: coming out In 
our departments, relationships, sexuality and 
the g~ community. Call Chris or Jennifer at 
452-GAYS for more information. In the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 
6130 pm - Gay/Bisexual Men and 
Women's Discussion Group. If you would like 
support and/or Warlt to talk abOUt sexuality 
concerns, come to an informal rap group for 
women and men students led ~ peer 
rounselors who have been there. Students 
may attend all sessions or drop in to any one 
of them as convenient. Call Kevin or Jennifer 
at 452-GAYS for more information. In TCHB 
141. 
FRIDAY 
2100 pm - General Therapy Group for 
Older Students. This group is desigrJed for 
the specific p op ulat ion of o lde r 
undergraduate and graduate students. The 
focus w ill be on personal and interpersonal 
concerns of group members. Led by John 
Andrews and Ube Weiss. Group leaders can 
be reached at 452-3 755 for more 
information and to sign up. In HL 1003. 
2100..4100 pm - Almhol and Substance 
Abuse Group, If you've ever asked "do I h~e 
a problem?' chances are you do have a few 
things to talk abOUt. Students of any age or 
history with substances are welcome to 
partidpate in the weekly discussions. Before 
joining the group interested students are 
asked to call8ecca at 452-3755 to make an 
appointment with one of our counselors to 
see if the group w ill meet their needs. Led ~ 
Dan Munoz arld psychological interns. In the 
Revelle Provost's Office. 



10 MOIl(W)', Maldl 10, 1986 

Smothered beneath a blanket of roses 
By LAURIE WEST 

I AM GOING TO tum 18 in July. Some women may think I'm naive , but I've wanted 
to be 18 all of my life. When I 
was younger, I thought that being 
an "adult" would make it easier 
for me to live. I thought that 
being older would help me to 
understand more . I thought that I 
w('uld be wiser and would know 
myself better. I thought I would 
finally know how to live with 
myself and others. I thought that 
1 wouldn't feel trapped by my 
parents' ideals anymore . But I'm 
afraid that aging has allowed me 
time to wallow amid the bad 
patterns of my childhood rather 
than given me the strength to 
assert my individuality. 

During the past eight years, I 
believed I was fiercely 
independent. I thought that I 
didn't rely on anyone but myself 
to shape my personality. I 
believed and felt that I was 
utterly autonomous. In most 
private thoughts, my 
authority was only a 
barrier to my . ndlep~~ndlenc&:J 
believed that I alone would 
my future . I didn't think that 
way that my parents raised me 
had anything to do with who I 
was. Now I wonder. 

I begin to realize that I haven't 
really understood myself 
completely. Now I'm beginning to 
see th,ll I have internalized my 
parents' values and judged myself 
according to their standards. My 
mother always wid me I had . 
"self-control." Now I wonder if I 
have any "self-control" at all. It 
seems to me that I learned to 
make myself as they wanted me 
to be before they even tried to 
correct me. Somehow, as a child, 
I learned to intuit wha t they 
thought that I should be , and I've 
compared myself to those 
standards ever since. Instead of 
learning to be independent, I 
taught myself how to do what 
other people wanted me to do. 
Recently, I've begun to question 
what my independence really 
means. I've been trying to fi nd 
out who I am for myself. 

The other day, I spoke to 
1000er and he LOld me I was 
lying whore. For three-and 
hours he ran up my phone 
telling me why I should feel 
guilty for having been unfai 
LO him last year. My lover 
expounded upon the nPlnrh.ill 
pain that I had caused 
LOld me that I was ""',MIIV_ 
corrupt and unfeeling. 
while I listened to him , 
feel what it was that he 
me to learn . But after a 
hours of his harangue, 
bitter and spiteful , and acted 
like I didn't care what he 
thought or how he felt. 

Alan and I have always 
claimed to base our relationship 
on shared growth . We have 
wanted to grow as individuals 
and as lovers. We have talked 
about learning to be honest in 
our work and in our emotions. 
We wanted to learn 
responsibility and compassion . 
We wanted to learn to articulate 
the truth . We sought to believe 
in ourselves and in each other. 
We talked about all of these 
things, but at some po lOt, it all 
went awry. I had always thought 
our wish for truth and education 
had been noble and open-
minded ; I thought we were the 
lovers of the future . I thought 
dw: our relationship was one 

that others would eventually look 
to for guidance. 

I haa always been very proud 
of the ideals we tried to embody 
in our relationship. I often felt 
that we had encouraged great 
spiritual and emotional 
maturation in ourselves while 

. everyone we knew was shrinking 
from truth and art. Alan and I 
did pretty well with ideals and 
absolute principles. We could 
argue about anything rationally. 
But the two of us eventually 
forgot about why we wanted to 
argue about truth so fiercely. At 
some point, we talking 
to each other, 
educating eaclj#:'u 
started u,uv,u"" 

I 

My IZralndlTloth 
. to me that no n",IJ>Jtj" p 
family has known 
with me. No one eLsJ~IS 
able LO wrestle ",j I.hoi'l\il'l 
way my father 
all my relatives 
never loved 
that I loved 
think that I 

My 
live in as an 

He taught me 
woman. He 
,~I-, ~rp to respect others' 

nfortunately, he 
me with a lot of guilt 

made me Pf9tect 
"r,porllp from myself. I mink 

s trying to teach me 
r/Jllsic:lelaticm for others. I think 

he was trying to 
Krt ,'n" ... n,,,ro,rp to me the 

I5eI'deperldelnce of people in 
but he ended up 

teaching me to be afraid of 
myself. 

When I was 11 years old my 
little brother Garry and I used to 
sit in the living room before 
dinner and talk to my father's 
friends from the office. My father 
and his friends designed 
aitplanes and rockets and 
ballist ic missiles. But we all 
smelled the squash and the 
lasagne baking in the oven, and 
we talked about what Garry and I 
did in school that week. My dad 
used to make sure that I was 
working hard , and he 
encouraged me to excel in my 
science classes. He wanted me to 
be a scientist like he was. 

OccaSionally, I gave tours of 
the house to visitors, and the 
women would all want to know 
how I kept my stomach so fla t. 
Afte rwards, we played Buddy 
Holly and danced around the 
room. T he men would tell that I 
was a pretty girl , and they would 
hold me close while we danced 
to the slow songs. My dad and 
stepmother and my brother and I 
would all snuggle up on one sofa , 
and, in front of evetyone, I told 
my dad that he looked ve ry silly 
when he danced . 

My dad said, "LaUrie, you're 
going to break a I t of hearts 
when you grow up." 

I knew then that I had to take 
responsibility for protectmg 

others from my words and 
actions. My father had felt 
strongly about the way that I had 
treated him. I feared that I had 
hurt many people who hadn't 
told me I had hurt them. I 
wanted to be very careful in the 
future because I didn't want to 
hurt the many men who my 
famer said would fall in love 
with me. 

I used to go to the office wim 
my dad, and I played at his desk 
while with his 

hold 

~~~ .. _was always very 
about teaching me moral 
In one of his letters, he 

me not to brag about my 
s. He wanted me to be 

the gains I was 
world. He didn't 

intimidate anyone 
....... V'"" __ ... able to achieve. He 

rntIlAalle friends . I 
'-:fii:~""''M'I.::-::;-r1 bee n ab Ie to 

understand his nl. But then I 
was just a little and I only 
knew about At least, I 
only knew I ise for the 
way I acted. At age, my 
parents weren't grilling me about 
my deepest moral thoughts. My 
mother hardly does it today. 

Once, when I lied to my 
father, he found out. He didn't 
yell. He just got this grave and 
disturbed. look in his eyes. I felt 
like a faUe n angel. It semed to 
me that I had made him 
implode. He told me to hold out 
my hand and he smacked me. It 
stung a little on my hand, but I 
hurt more as the wave of 
sickness swam all through my 
body. Only once have I cried 
harder. Only once have I felt 
deeper pain. 

My dad died riding in a 
Porsche on Prospect Street, and I 
Sl:arted growing up. Everyone 
cried a lot then , but I tried not to 
cry when evetyone else was 
cryi ng because I wanted my dad 
to be proud of me. I knew he 
would want me to be strong and 
help out evetyone else . I believed 
that my duty to my famer and to 
my family was to help. I knew 
that I was the one who should 
carty on my famer's work. When 
my famer died , a blanket of 
yellow roses carpeted his coffin . 
When my famer died , those 
roses covered up my childhood. 
My last hold out for external 
authority died. From then on I 
knew that I must be my own 
authority. 

In all of my other 

relationships, in all of my 
subsequent actions, I learned to 
carty out my fa ther's will. I 
learned too well to care for the 
needs of others. I learned to 
martyr myself until I had no 
sense of identity outside of mose 
that I helped. I learned to 
depend upon the reprimands 
and praise that I got from others. 
I judged myself by how they felt. 

For the first three years of our 
relationship , I believed that Alan 
and I had come to a deeper 
understanding of ourselves than 
either one of us had known in 
the past. I thought that the trials 
we put ourselves through, I 
thought .that the way that we 
tested each other demonstrated 
our concern for a deeper 
understanding of our own 
characters. I thought rhat when 
he tried to explain to me my 
moral corruption, that he was 
trying to teach me how to live in 
the world . Now I wonder if I've 
learned to expect mar personal 
growth must result from 
punishment. I wonder if I am 
now less concerned wi th 
maturation . I wonder if what I 
really want is to feel like I am 

part of the world. Sometimes I'm 
sure that the only way that I can 
touch anything is by hurting 
enough to feel it and know il. 

Will I ever know how LO act? 
Will I ever know wh at I should 
eat, how I should feel , or what I 
should pursue? For six years I 
have been trying to understand 
what it means to be a woman. 
I've wanted to know what it 
means LO be myself. I've 
wondered if I'll eve r learn how to 
live aUthentically in the world . I 
want to stop worrying about the 
evil inside of me creeping out. I 
want to learn to trust my own 
self-knowledge. But I've learned 
too well to worry about what 
everyone else feels . Daddy taught 
me to worry about the outside. 
Somehow, I hope I can learn 
about the inside, too. 1m 

I TOYOTA I $ 
Brake Job 
Special $45 
Front or ,.. (regularly 580.(0) 
Brake job includes. 
I Install special new pads or 

Install rear brake shoes 
2 Drain old brake lIuld 
3 Inspecl compiele hydrauloc syslem 
4 Refill hychuloc lIU1d 
5 Bleed entire brake system 
6. Adjusl fronl (if ctums) and rear shoes 
7. Replace fronl fOlor seats 

(wilh rolor tlnO) 
8. Road lesl 
Hote: Hydraulic parts are not included 

Clutch Job 
Special $199 
(regularly $325.00) 
Honda. Toyota. Datsun (not Z models) 
and Volks Iype I. 2 & 3 
We replace 
I Transmission input shaft seal (except Hondas) 
2. Pressu-e plate 
3, Clutch disc 
4 Throw out bearing 
5 Pliol bearu10S 
6 New transmission 011 
7. Road test 
Nole. liydrauloc parts are not covered 

Brand new ..... 
Ask IIIIout our special ...... 
tar ...... overII ... 

~~,~ 
/0 u.~":"'" H ON DA \,..I VOLKS 
.. ~~~~ 

<:l/,l ~~ 
Minor Tune-Up ~~ ~~ 
Special S35 (reg S60 00) <:) 
Our tLfle-Up includes a lot more than olhers 
11 includes 
1 Spil1c plugs 
2. DiSlnblJtor poinls 
3 Condensers 
4 Adjusl timing 
5 Adjust dwell angle 
6. Check & replentsh all 

lluid & oil levels 
7. ChecIc brakes 

0t6 major tune-up includes 
I Compression lISt 
2. Valve adjuslment 

Replace: 
3 Valve COve< gasket . 
4 Spil1c plugs. 
5 OislriblJtor poinls. 
6. C~. 
7 Aor filler. 
8 Oil filter. 
9 Gas filter and 

10. Engine oil 
11 Adjust timing 
12. Adjust dwell angle 
13. Adjust cartuetor 
14. Adjust air & fuel 

ratio mllCllJ'e 

8 Check clutch 
9 Check Ioghts 

10 Checlc under-
camage tor oamages 

11 Check cooling 
system & hoses 

12 RoacHest 

15 Check & adlust 
exposed belts 

16. Lube fronl end 
17 Check & replenish all 

fluid & 011 levels 
18 Check brakes 
19. Check clutch 
20 Check Ioghts 
2 I Check undeo'canoage 

for damages 
22 Check & recharge 

bal1e!y It nec~ 
23 Check tore pressure 
24 Lube doOI hlllges 
25 Check coolong system 

& hoses 
26 Road lesl 

Note: 1 lor 6-cylinder cars and R3bb1tS. Dasners, 
SciroctOS. & Fiats. add $20 Toyota Supras add $30 
Datsun 200S)( with 8 spil1c plugs add $35 2 Major 
tune-ups lor VW (ExCepl vans & squarebacks laler tIw1 

. 1972). Beettes. 1972 and later $80 and prior to '72 
$70 3. for VW Things and Karmann Ghlas- only S60 

AI_ warIlu. • 2-,.. or zo.ooo ... lIm111d .lrrMly 
Longest WIITIIlty in town-except Iune-I4lS. whicIJ have a 6-month gu;n11ee .\ppointmenls made dtxing lhe 

validity of the ads will slill be flOOd Ift_ards. We can give you excellent references frOm 00: satisfied customers 
Please call for lurther information & appointments. This special is good only lor the cars mentooned above 

AI prlclllIICIudI .-. & IIIIor • ...... SIIw'Ur 1:00 .... :00 pili 

O •• erseas Offer good through IW' March 24,1986 Autum .. "'. RepaIrs Towing & renta l car available. 
IU' Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 om-<>:OO pm 

• • • • .. A 4 • Closed Sunday 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 8008 Miramar Rd. "8" 69!)-199O 

Call for appointment now. 

-University Bookstore 

BookB 

Saturday,. March 22 
10 am to 4 pm 

Monday, Maoch 10. 1986 11 

iff 
BEER IJ 

'1~ 

(Front rr::J<N. ~rJ Usa 'vI:lMk, ~an-Marte PIodinec. Rick Haak. Madrll~ ~, Ray Honovick, Tom Bond, 
Ernie Mort (Mido:k Row) Paul MourNlI. ~S<! Miura, Gr~ bms..JoIYl I.e Monch«k, Suzann<! Wn. Matt 
lMlde. ~ Wells IBack) Eric Turf'cO!r, Jor1i Cicln, (Not picturedJ Ovis Me CiIITlNl. 

KIck' .... Where It Hurts - Coed AA Soccer 
Our last w inter quarter Miller Ute Team of the Week is one of the top 

Coed M Soccer teams, KIck 'Em Where It Hurts. That is if there is no good . 
poINder on the slopes. Sounds strange 7 It's not strange to Kick 'Em. You see 
the " Franchise", Madeline Sctlneider, is quite a ski buff. Whenever the snow 
falls Madeline is on her way to the moguls. Without the "Franchise" life on 
the soccer field can be a lot more demanding for Kick 'Em. 

This last weekend Madeline showed up, must have been rocky 
conditions at Mammoth, meaning a blo\NOut for Kick 'Em. This meant 
trouble for their opponents, Budda's Bombers. But Budda's Bombers ~ 
been around as long as Urey Hall and have the inspirational guidance of 
their Budda, Bert Kobayashi. With these intangibles they stood at least a 
chance of upsetting Kid< ' Em. 

But Madeline took over and scored right away and Kick 'Em cruised for a 
3-0 victory and the league championship. 

Weds., Thurs. & Fri. 
March 19, 20 & 21 
8 am to 4:30 pm 

cash offered for your used textbooks 
during finals. 

---



I 

. 

. 

IA problems 
Continued from page I 

"The hardest part of my Job of 
being an athletic coach was to 
look at this campus and see 
what it could be athletically and 
what it is - between the dream 
when I was first hired and the 
reality. That was the most 
difficult part of bemg an athletic 
coach at UCSD." 

Cunningham's disappointment 
stems from the university's 
conservative approach to 
intercollegiate athletics The 
philosophy of the athletic 
program, according to a 1986-87 
budget request , has been "to 
allow the maximum number of 
students to enJoy the challenges 
and exhiliration of healthy 
athleti competition ." UCSD, in 
adherence to this policy, has 
been one of the most su cessful 
athle tiC programs in , CM 
Division III , includmg the 
wmningest women's program in 
the nation. There are more 
SpOTtS available to the students at 
UCSD than in any other school 
m the UC system with over 700 
athletes competing in over 28 
SpOTts. 

Yet thiS rosy side has a flIp 
Side that does not hide some 
other real problems facmg the 
athletic department: the lack of 
funds for facilities, eqUipment , 
and coaches salaries, scheduling 
conflicts - competing agamst 
schools includmg some roughly 
50 times smaller; mdependent 
status with unlikely playoff 
aspiranons; and competing 
against scholarship programs 

Add to these difficulties the 
phenomenal gro\.vth of the UCSD 
student population , whIch is 
projected to be approxImately 
20,000 in the year 2000, and It 

UC stars in non-ConJerence 
sports. like basebaU's Bob alaI 
(above), cannot receive aU-league 
accolades, 

may become mcreasmgly difficult 
to maintain this Division III 
phIlosophy. In this two-pan 
mvestigative report , we examine 
some of the problems that have 
plagued UCSD Athletics. 

hem: UCSD is the lar&e t Dlvision 
III sc hool In the nation, seven and 
a half Hllles larger than any of its 
competitIOn - Registration (ee 
intem Katy Haberkem . 
. -What are you CUC D) doing 
in Division Ill ? With a school 
this big you oughl to be cleaning 
up in DIvision lll ," - Former 
I BA star and I otre Dame AlI-
Amencan John humate, Coach 
of Grand Canyon College and 
winner of UCSD's La Jolla Classic 
Basketball T oumament. 
. "You guys (UCSD) shouldn't be 
Division III , you are too big." -
Athleu director at UC Davis. 
• Other schools "have no 
business tellmg us what DIVISion 
we should be in ." Mike Hipp, 
assistant athletic director 
. "1 don't think our size is unfair. 
We're totally in compliance with 
Division III NCAA philosophy. 
Pomona-Pitzer has a budget 
twice of what is ours. Isn't that 
unfair?" -Judith Sweet, UCSD 
Athle tic DIrector. 
. Pomona Pitzer, with an 
enrollment of about 1500 raises 
more funds than a school of 
14,000. 
. "O ne of my greatest thrills this 
year was beati ng a school the 
size of UCSD." -David Appleby, 
basketball player at Chnst 
College Christ College's 
undergraduate enrollment is 250. 
. Three years ago the NCAA 
defeated a proposal that sought 
to put an attendance ceiling of 
5-6,00 students for DiVIsion m 
schools. 
. UCLA, Division I; UC &rkeley 
Divison I; UC Santa Barbara , . 
Division I; UC Irvine , Division I; 
UC Davis , Division II; UC 
Riverside , Division U. Only UC 
Santa Cruz - with an 
enrollment of 7 ,000 - and 
UCSD are DiVIsion HI. 

Item: UCSD competes as an 
Independent rather than competing 
in a conference. Some UCSD teams 
compete against Division I and 11 
schools in open divisions. 

. Add Marshall: "It's tantamount 
that we get into a conference 

Marth 15 Sat, M. &r W Crew vs, 5U n Beach 
W Softball vs. o . al Col leg 
M. TenTiis v . Yale University 
M olleybaU s. Indiana-Purdue 
M W TraCK vs Whtt ie College 

March 16 Emory Unive rSity 

even if the cost will be more ." 
. When a team I not in a 
conference, every game on the 
schedule countS for possible 
tournament play, whereas if a 
team is ;,1 a confere nce only 
league games matter. 
. "When we lost on December 
17, I might as well have stopped 
playing right then , technically . 
W e had nothing more to play 
for. It can 't be that way. Whittier 
and Pomona-Pitzer (teams in the 
SClAC conference) can lose all 
their games until January 17, and 
it doesn't matter. They have only 
eight league games that coum for 
playoffs . We have 24." -
Mar h all 
. "The only teams that can 
compete as an Independent are 
in Division I and nationally 
known like DePaul , I otre Dame, 
Dayton and Marquette." -UCSD 
Basketball Coach Tom Marshall . 

., £ ... 11 

Notr. DIme •••••. , •• 
ChicIgoSt .•••••.•.• 
...... AmerIcan •••••• , 
E. Wlltl .•.•••. , .••• 

~ ....... , .. 
"""on.. ....... . 
DI¥ton . ... ..... , .• 
EWauI ••........ . .• 
UCIO ............ . 
IW L.ouIIIIne •••••••• 
MIImI ... .1 •••• , •••• 
CSS.iIm*to ••..•• •• 
taJ .••••••.....• • 
UTS.AMonG ........ 

W L 
111 Ii 
21 8 
18 7 
III 8 
18 8 
18 8 
18 10 
Iii 10 
14 11 
14 11 
13 12 
11 16 
7 18 
622 

f'f;t 
.7112 
.771 
.720 
.704 
.887 
.887 
.811i 
.800 
.680 
.fi80 
,&20 . 
.423 
.210 
.1. 

L.A. Tim es Standings 

• Because the baseball learn was 
not in a conference last year, 
they felt they were robbed of a 
playoff bid. 
. "Because we are a big school 
they are holding that against us , 
but that's not fair to my 
ballplaye rs . They didn't c hoose to 
be an Independent , or be in 
Division III - they're the ones 
being dealt a bad hand ." -Lyle 
Yates, UCSD Baseball coach , May 
of 1985. 
e "Three years ago we decided to 
move out of the NAlA Division , 
because we thought it was unfair 
to compete against scholarship 
schools." -Sweet. 
e Teams like the water polo and 
men's volleybaU have to compete 
in an Ope n Division. In an 
Open Division , UCSD's Division 
III teams compete against 
Division I and II schools who 
can give scholarships for the 
same national championships. 
e "Every year, we knock off some 
of the top teams in the nation 
but it's tough to compete against 
what I caU the 'professional 
programs' like (Division I 

Long Beac h 7'00' am 
D 11.00 am 

SD 10:00 am 
UCSD 7.30 pm 
Whittier I I ' am 
UC D 1000 ,1m 

sc holarship schools) Pepperd ine 
and Stanford ." - Water polo 
coach Denny Harper. 
• weet agrees that getting UCSD 
into a conference is importam, 
however, she feels the process 
may be slow. "We are discussing 
the possibilitie of a conference 
right now. We wam to develop 
our relationships with other 
Division III institutions that have 
academic standards similar to 
ours . Such MU schools as MIT, 
UniverSity of Chicago, RIT , Case 
Western and Emory University 
are some of the top 50 research 
univers ities in the country, of 
which we are one. We can get 
the identity with both academic 
excelle nce and hopefully athletic 
ex ellence." 
. Add Sweet: "Our geographi al 
location is a handicap because 
there arc nor many Division m 
teams in the West." The 
basketball tea'm has to ask the 
NCAA for waiver of a rule stating 
that a team must play fi fty 
percent of its game!> against 
Division III institutions because 
of they can't schedule enough 
local schools . 

Item: Coachi ng at UCSD 
. Three of the main concerns of 
UCSD coaches are "a lack of 
committmem to the program on 
the part of the administration, 
lack of recogni tion and suppOrt 
by UCSD, and extremely low 
salaries," -Registration Fee 
Committee imern Katy 
Haberkem. 
. Coaches at UCSD make 
between $6,000 and $13,000 . 
. Coaches do not receive 
benefits. 
. "It's very pompous for us to 
beat our chests and say what a 
great athletic program we have 
with almost all part time coaches. 
In fact, it's ludicrous." -Bany 
tunningham, physical education 
instructor. 
. 'The administration does not 
go out of its way to help you or 

make yo u feci wamed ." -
Marshall. 
e "It's fru trating to give 
everyt hing you've got into a 
program and have constraints 
that keep the program from 
being even better. We don't have 
enough facilities , we don't have 
enough funding , and the coaches 
don't even have offices . I 
understand the position of the 
administration and professors , 
and I also feel excellence in 
academics is the priority. But I 
wish they would realize the 
importance of a.good athletic 
program for the school and the 
students - both players and 
fans ." J!ldy Malone, UCSD 
women's basketball coach. 
e A lot of coaches that have 
come here with some great new 
ideas have been stepped on and 
s mashed so many times that they 
say 'Fuck it I can't take it any 
more. I'm busting my butt and I 
ain't getting shit for it." -A 
coac h at UCSD. 
e "Coaches coming imo our 
program should realize the 
Division III phllsophy and if they 
can 't agree with it, there are 
tminy other Division I schools 
that can hire their services." -
Andy Skier, assistant athletic 
director, Ilnd track and field 
coach. 
e ' Y ou really can't expect any 
athletic program to improve 
without full time coaches." -Bill 
Morgan, UCSD swim coach. 
e ln order to supplemem his 
income, soccer coach Derek 
Armstrong coaches the local 
Nomads club. 
e Marshall has two other jobs to 
help his own finances. 
e Skief is the only coach who is 
a full time fac ulty member. 

Part two oj this investigative 
report wiU deal with attendanc~, 
recrui ting and fundraising. 

Flip Harrison alld Katy 
Halberkem contributed to this 
article. 

Natal's return 
sparks Tritons 
BOB NATAL IS back and that makes UCSD Baseball Coach Lyle Yates very 
happy. Bob Natal is back and 
that gave Westmont College the 
blues as the Tritons held on to 
win 6 to 5 last Friday at Olsen 
field . 

Natal, the club's best hi tte r and 
leader in home runs and RBI's , 
retumed to action after a we.ek 
off with an injUry and caught 
Rick Nowak's eight inning st int 
in addItion to collecting an RBI 
single in the Triton'S five run 
second inning . . Glen Turnipseed 
chipped in with a twO run 
double and Dan DiMascio 
knocked in a run with a double . 
All of UCSD's runs came with 
twO outs in the inning against 
the NAlA opponents. 

Freshman Rick Nowak had 
control problems in the fifth 
when Westmont scored five 
times to get within one . Yates 
stayed wi th owak through the 
eigth and into the nimh when 
he gave up a single and walk to 
tan the inning. ") felt Rick had 

god stuff in the early innings, 
and that's why I stayed With him 
through the fifth ," said Yates, "he 
Just had ,\ little trouble with hiS 
control out of the !>tretch." 

Reli ever Paul Burke c~mc nn to 
rctlrc the IIrst balter on a pop up 
aftcr he f.I lled to ,Idvancc the 

runners with a bunt. With the 
runners going, the nex t hitter 
flied to center, where David 
tanovich caught the ball and 

threw to seconr! to double the 
runner off and end the game. 

Saturday the Tritons· were to 
[ravel to Occidental for a double-
header but th e games were 
washed out. UCSD takes on 
NAlA Pt. Loma Nazarene this 
Wednesday in Point Lorna . 

-John Schacht 

Late Results 
Softball 

UCSD 15 
laVerne 5 

Volleyball 
Northridge St. defeated UCSD 
15 - 11 , 15-8, 14-16,9-15, 15-8 

Baseball 
UCSD6 
Westmont 5 

Women's Tennis 
U D9 
CSUSB 0 

A Warren Co llege Publication, University of California, San Diego 

THE ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM 

Wh.1s It1 
The Academic Internship Program offers 

Juniors and Seniors, with at least a 2.5 GPA the 
opportunity to earn credit while working full or 
part time in an off-campus placement. 
Placements are designed to match students' 
majOr areas of academic study and to correlate 
with their career goals 
How Much Credit Can I Earn? 

The Academic Internship Program may grant 
students up to a maximum of 16 units of credit 
which may be taken in increments of 4,8, or 12 
units per quarter. You will work from 10-40 

. hours a week. 

SUMMER 1986 INTERNSHIPS 
We advise you to apply at the begilll1ing of 

Spring quarter I Summer is our biggest "quarter" 
and the chOIcest placements are filled early. If 
you are interested in an out-of-town internship 
you should know Ihat many placements have 
early application deadlines - some have 
already passed. All fields/ majOrs represented 
SEE US SOON! 

WASHINGTON i D . C. SUMMER 986 
APPLY NOW to take advantage of the superb 

opportunities and experiences awaiting you if 
}UU do an internship in WASHINGTON, D.C. 
Earn 4-12 units of academic credit. Serve a ten-
week asSignment on the staff of a legislator, 
government agency or public interest interest 
lobby in Washington. Work on Capitol Hill in 
the offices of senators or congresspersons; the 
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD; TELECOMMUN-
ICATIONS RESEARCH CENTER; NUCLEAR 
INFORMATION &- RESEARCH CENTER; 
NATIONAL JOURNALISM CENTER; CABLE 
NEWS NETWORK; RALPH NADER'S 
ORGANIZATIONS; THE NATIONAL URBAN 
LEAGUE; PSYCHIATRIC INSTITUTE OF 
WASHINGTON , D.C.; numerous other 
opportunities available. 

The AlP office can arrange excellent hOUSing 
in D.C. with interns from all UC campuses. 
Heallh ProCessionslPre-Meds 

Be a part of state-of-the-art research in 
molecular biology, neurosciences, immunology 
and other fields . Placements are available at: 
UCSD Medical School, University Hospital , 
Salk Institute. Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation and in private companies. 
Psychology/Sociology Students 

Acquire some practical experience! Excellent 
opportunities are available in schools and 
treatment fa ilities for learning disabled; 
emotionally handicapped; victims of incest 
and child abusc; families and indIViduals in 
criSIS. Placements can be developed with Ihe 
San Diego City Schools and the City and 
County of San Diego including opportunities 
other than those listed here. Dispute Resolution 
placement available at the City Attorney's office. 
Pre-Law 

Find out what the practice of law is all about I 
. Work with individual lawyers, legal firms, the 

City Attorney, Public Defender - prepare 
cases, interview witnesses , write briefs, go to 
court. 

Anything Else Required1 
Yes. You utilize your academic background 

in producing a project related to your 
intemship (an evaluative report, "take-home 
final: computer program, video tape, standard 
research paper). You select a faculty advisor to 
offer academic guidancc, help you develop a 
bibliograpy and evaluatc your paper. 
Wh.'s In It Cor Me? 

"Gai n practical experience. 
• Make valuable contacts. 
'Check out career interests. 
• Become more employable (looks greal 
on resumes and grad school 
applications.) 

• Apply what you learn In the classroom. 
How Do I Gel SWled7 

Come in to the AcademiC Internship Office 
at 406 Warren Campus (across the streeet from 
the Provo t Office ) one quarter before you want 
to Intern 

'" '" '" The AcademiC Internship Program is 
committed to In rC.lsing th number of students 
from underrepresented population who 
part! ipale In internships. Our staff IS available 
to .tdvise you regarding opportunities to your 
academic and career Intcre.t •. 

PADRE OPENING DAY 
&: 

TAILGATE PARTY 

.Friday, April 11th 
REDS VS. PADRES 

preceded by the traditional 
WARREN COLLEGE 
TAILGATE PARTY 

(with food ) 
only $8 

tickets on sale at th€ 
Resident Dean's &: Dean's Offices 

starting Monday, March 31st 
sponsored by: 

. warren reSident dean's office . ""'lIrren commuter intem 
. warren dean's office e warren proVOSt'S office 

. warren college student government 

WARREN APARTMENT 
HAPPENINGS 

FREE MOVIE 
Monty Python's Life of Brian will be shown Saturday and 

Sunday, March 15 and 16, at 8:30 pm in the Apartment 
Commons. 

FINALS STUDY BREAKS 
Watch for details about the midnight breakfast and nightly 

study breaks during finals week. The Apt. Commons will be 
open all day and late each night for studying, and light snacks 
will be available free of charge. 

COED SOFTBALL LEAGUE 
Get your team together now for the 'Warren Apartments 

Coed Intramural Softball League for Spring Quarter. We'll be 
playing late afternoons on Sundays. Sign up in the Res. 
Dean's Office as a whole team, small group , or individuals. 
Twelve team limit, first come, first served. 

ROOM ORA W INFORMATION 
lnformation about Room Draw for next year's hOUSing at 

the Warren Apartments will be available at the Res. Dean's 
Office during the first week of April. 

WARREN APARTMENT 
HAPPENINGS 

Monday, March 10, 1986 13 

"'"IDIt'IQlM. tI»~IMIO"""'. DC)IJI"I,... "...""....,W'ICI~ · 

STILL LOOKING FOR 
A SPRING COURSE? 

Co nsider the following fascinating 
possibilities. (both still have seats 
available): 

Sociology 40, "Sociology of Health Care 
Issues" is a brand new course that can be 
used in a number of ways, besides JUSt 
being interesting. It is the required 
introductory course for the Program of 
Concentration /Area Study in "Health 
Care-Social Issues." (If you want more 
information on this interdiSCipli nary 
Program , see Mary Beck in 405 Warren 
Campus.) It can also be applied to the 
regular Program of Concentrationl Area of 
Study in Sociology. or to major 
requirements in Sociology. Besides all that , 
it's being taught by a particularly 
interesting instructor, Paul Von Blum. He 
has taught at both UCLA and Berkeley, and . 
has won a Distinguished Teaching Award 
at Berkeley. 

Law and Society 101, "Contemporary 
Legal Issues ," is the same course taught last 
spring as Political Science 104K This is 
the required concluding course for the 
interdisciplinary Program of 
Concentration I Area Study in "Law and 
Society." It will incorporate perspectives 
on legal issues from the departments of 
Sociology, Political Science, History, and 
Philosophy. The 'instructor will be Nick 
Maroules, whose law-related courses have 
been very popular this year. By the way, 
there's a change of time and place for this 
course: it will be taught Tuesdays and 
Thursdays from 4:00 to 5:20 pm, room 
IJ30 HSS, instead of at the time and place 
indicated in the spring Schedule of 
Classes. 

For more information on courses 
applicable to interdiSciplinary programs 
in "Health Care-Social Issues" and "Law 
and SOCiety," see Mary Beck in 405 Warren 
Campus, or giver her a call at 452-4355. 

IS YOUR SUMMER BOOKED? 
What are your plans for the summer? If 

you're looking for a way to fill some empty 
hours this summer come and check out 
the volunteer Placement board in the 
Warren College Dean's olfice. We have lots 
of ways to help you fill your summer with 
some rewarding experiences. We're 
located in Building 302 on Warren 
Campus. 

EARL WARREN WEEK 
April 7 ·through April 11 

Live entertainment, contests, prizes, 
guest speakers, fllms , Padres tailgate pally 
and game, birthday celebration with cake 
and ice cream, balloons and the works! 

Don't miss these coming attractions! 

TIlE WARREN DEAN'S 
OFACE PRESENTS: 

The Warren Dean's office presents: 

A Self Assessment and Goal Setting 
Workshop sponsored by Metamorphosis. 

All are welcome to attend - Thursday 
April 10 at 7:00 pm in the Warren 
Apartment Commons. 

We welcome the 1986 Orientation 
Leaders 

for Warren College! 
Congratulations to: 

Julie Anderson 
Dwayne Boyd 

Kimberly Fisher 
Thomas Hall 

Tracy Johnson 
Emile Meuser 
Gita Murthy 
Rina atkin 

Nattasinee etSUWan 
Cynthia Partido 
MOnica Taberez 

Jefferey U lander 
Richard Velasquez 

Arthur Ward 



Ln\\~~(~) ) 
o 0 (---=( ===::J: ~~( ~) ) I I~) 

Join the march 
All persons interested in attending the 

"March for Women's Lives" on Sunday, March 
16 in LA call David Marchick at x44SO or 
Jennie Lesch at x2023. 

Perform at the Sun God Festival 
The Sun God Festival is looking for 

entertainers!!! If you have got it - we want it. 
Any mUSICIans, dancers, comedians, 
contourists, flame throwers, sword swallowers 
and exhibitionists interested, please contact 
Jane Woo at x44SO. 

ASIO internship of the week 
Interactive Instructional Systems is currendy 

developing an audio-visual program on the 
subject of "How the child's mind develops," and 
wants YOU to help. Two audio-visual interns and 
two computer graphics interns are needed. So, if 
you have an interest in cognitive/ developmental 
psychology, computer graphics, and creative 
educational products, find out more about this 
internship at the AS Internship Office. ASIO is 
located above the gameroom in the student 
center, and is open M-F from 9-3 pm. 

The AS needs You 
Campus Wide Committee 'AppOintments are 

stacking up. Immerse yourself now in the AS , , 
because the AS is you and without you we are 
nothing. Get involved by contacting Gregory 
MacCrone in the AS Offices on the Second Floor 
of the Student Center or at x4450. (It's the cool 
thing to do.) 
Canned Food Drive 

APSA is still holding the Easter Canned Foods 
Drive. Proceeds will benefit UPAC (Union for Pan-
Asian Communities.) All students' and faculty'S 
donations of non-persihable foods would be greatly 
appreciated . Please bring goods to the APSA office in 
the Student Center. Thanks for your suppon! 
Contact 452-2048 for more info. 

LAGO Potluck 
Come join the Lesbian and Gay Organization for 

its quarterly potluck. We'll have music, casual 
conversation , and limited refreshments. If you can, 
help us out by bringing something (salad, fruit, main 
dish, desen, etc.) Although we will have some 
beverages, the theme is basically bring your own. It 
happens this Thursday, March 13 at 8 pm in room 
TCHB 141 . Take a study break and join us. For more 
infomation call 452-GAYS. 

Catch a Leprechaun? 
Come to the St. Patrick's Day Party and join the 

dnacing, food and fun. Begins at 8 pm, Friday, 
March 14 in the Catholic Student Lounge at the 
University Lutheran Church across from Revelle . 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Coordinators. 

Help Help 
The recycle co-op needs your cooperation. Bag or 

bundle your newspapers before putting them in the 
white dumpsters. (No trash , please). Put used 
computer paper in cardboard barrels and push it 
down so that it doesn't spill over onto the floor. Son 
your glass by color (clear and colored) and deposit in 
new receptacles located at Coast, Mesa and Che 

C~fe. Best of all get involved with the co-op. Meet 
Monday nights at 6 pm at the Che Cafe . 

Interested in law and student rights? 
Apply to become Warren Student Advocate. 

Applications available at the Warren Provosts Office. 
Duo on March 17 back in the Provost's Office . For 
more info call Tim 453-4883 . 

Special Pre-Dental Club Meeting 
Meeting on Monday, March 10 at 5 :30 in the 

Revelle Informal Lounge. Mark Hunt from the UCLA 
School of Dentistry will speak. Make sure you do not 
miss out. 

Dance Dance Dance 
Ballet Folklorico de UCSD is practicing Saturdays 

at the West Balcony of the Main Gym 9 am to 11 am. 
We welcome anyone who is interested. For more 
infonnation please contact Judy at 453-3386 or 
Bertha at 450-0706. 

Find out about the APSU APSA (Asian 
Pacific Student Alliance) members who attended the 
APSU Conference last Saturday at San Francisco 
State will have the opportunity to share their 
experiences with you during this special APSA 
general meeting. All are invited to attend. Contact 
452-2048. Wednesday, March 12 at 4 pm in the 
APSA office in the student center. 

Third Cone~e positio~s available . 
Attention! ApPly now forThlrd College Councli 

Positions. Applications available at Third College 
Dean's office. Deadline for filing: March 31. , 

Muslim Students 
The Muslim Student Organization meets every 

Tuesday at 4 pm. The next meeting (March 11) will be 
held in USB 3050B. Our meetings are open to everyone 
- so if you wish tb discuss religiOUS topics or if you 
have any questions about lslam, please feel free to join us 
at the meeting, or stop by at the information table which 
we set up every Thursday between 11:45 and 1:15 pm 
at Revelle Plaza. ' 

Telluride, RISey territory 
It's time for the Radically Inclinea to hit the snowy 

slopes and strut our stuff. Winter quarters hasn't 
stopped these guys from having a blast. For those 
who aren't going, Spring quarter will have a trip to 
Magic Mountain, a dance bash, etc ... so stay tuned. 
RISC office hours M-Th 10-2 Canyonview x4037 . 

Campus ASUCSD Elections 
Filing for AS office begins 10th week and concludes 

March 14. If you are interested in running for ASUCSD 
offices please call 452-4450 for more information. 
Election Schedule: Filing for candidates March 10-14 
8-4:30 pm. No filing during exams or spring break. 
March 31 8-4:30 pm. Mandatory Candidates Meeting is 
March 31 at 5 &: 7 pm. Election Dates are AprilS &: 9. 

Purim Party Time 
Purim Party on March 15 at 8 pm at the Bayit. Call 

for directions. 455-7476. Wear a costume. 

Join the Si~a Nus 
Is college life'becoming predictable? In a rut? Get 

out of that rut and into something Nu. Rush Sigma 
Nu fraternity. Call 450-1910 or 442-4297 for 
information. 

Fraternity Spring Rush 
Thinking of joining a fraternity? Come to the IFC 

information night. Monday, March 31 at 7 pm in PH 
103. All of the IFC recognized fraternities will be 
there. So should you! 

Memory and Diabetes 
The topic of Memory and Diabetes: the connection 

between low blood sugar levels and the process of recall 
will be discussed by Dr. Orville Kolterman, researcher 
from the School of Medicine and head of the UCSD 
Diabetic Clinic. Anyone interested is invited to come to 
the Diabetic Suppon Group meeting Wednesday, 
March 12 from 11 am to 12 noon in the Training Room, 
2nd floor of Student Health Services, 

What is the Renter's Credit? 
In the same way that California propeny owners 

can claim the Homeowner's Propeny Tax Exemption, 
renters are able to claim the Renter's Credit. the 
Renter's Credit is $60 for Single persons and $137 
for married couples filing jointly - if you meet the 
following requirements: You must have been renting 
on March 1, 1985. You must be a resident of 
California. A person is resumed to be a resident 
once s/he has lived here for nine months. Your 
dwelling must not have been tax exempt (i.e. dorms). 

Find out about SEED 
Are you concerned about conditions in Third 

World countries? Would you like to learn more 
about developing countries? If interested, come to 
the Revelle Formal Lounge Tuesday at 5:30 pm for a 
meeting of SEED, UCSD's newest club. Students 
Encouraging Education and Development is a club 
dedicated to providing information and sponsoring 
student projects in the third world. Contacts: Greg 
George 696-0995 or Monica Rahmeyer 450-9288. 
The Revelle Renaissance Faire 

The Revelle Renaissance Faire Costume Committee is 
currently seeking volunteers interested in: Costume design , 
accessory workshop (hoods, wreaths, hennis'), costume sewing 
and alteration. No experience necessary, For more info call:Jane 
Macdonald 452-3025, Sherry Raiss Dana 452-0727 and Caroline 
Nawotka 450-9013. 

WHO IS THE A.S.? 
The A.S. is the Associated Student Body 
- That's You! 



.( 

--

.... 

Ca.atfted .tvet1tslng s~ Is sold In 100-
ch.-=ter lnawn81tS. EAlch lett«, punC!lUItlon 
IMrk .,d sp.lCe ~ words Is considered 
a character, wtth aplUll letters countIng as 
two chMacters, The r.e per 100 ch.-acters Is 51 
for studenu, 53 for fac:ulty and sutr, and 54 for 
others, Payment In advance Is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with a check 
/made out to The UCSD GuardIan) or presented 
In person. Deadlines are 4 pm Tuesday for 
Thursday's paper, 4 pm FrIday fo r Monday's 
paper. The Guardian reserves the right to 
reAJse any a6.tertlslng Indudlng but not 
limited to mmpanlonshlp .-.,d massage ads. 
For more Information call 452-3466, The 
GuardIan, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

Services 

\X.k)rd processing/fast, acOJrate, reliable campus 
pickup/delivery. Chetyl-Mesa Apts. 457-2188 
eves til 9, /4/14) 
T}ping/Word Processing. Tues.-Frl. 10-6, Sat. try 
appointment 9-1. Gall, Ta1dem Enterprises, 279-
4953 /4/ 7) 
Burke Secretarial - OUality typingl Spelling correct 
- Rush JObs speoa/ty/llexible hrs La Jolla 457-
3842. /3/13) 
WORD PROCESSING Fast servtce. S175/ page 
Campus plCkup/dellVety. Ancly Laurence, 222-
2345. (3/ 13) 
La JoJla AcaderT¥ of Aclvertlslng Arts one year 
course a1dJobp/acement assista1ce in acNertising, 
marketing, copywrltlng. deSign, prodJction, 
public relatiOns, media sales. For ~ee catalog call 
459-0201. /4/10) 
Student rates 755-2683. /3/ 13) 
Word Proc - SI75 pg-Let Nadine type your trm 
papr/thesis on an IBM-pc Fast & acOJrate. 578-
0496. /3/131 

TYP ING - Fa s t Tu rnaround Campu s 
Plckup!Delivery SI. SO/ page Ph. Leigh - La Jolla 
456-2382 /3/ 131 

\X.k)rd processing/wTlting. 10% off for students a1d 
nev.t rustomers. System compatible With UCSD 
main computers U'Werslty City. Words & MUSIC 
Unlimited, 458-9038 /3/13) 
20 zillion ads for typing. \Xhllch do you d1oose? The 
best, of course. David in PB. 273-7859. /3/10) 
Typing & word process for grad a1d undergrad 
papers. Call Carolyn lewIS, 484-1860 /3/10) 

Personals 

You too Ca1 be In the 1987 Good Looks Calendar 
both males and females call Jim 45~9904/Ancly 
453-0750 /3/13) 
To the ladies of Sigma Kappa Tha1ks for allowing 
us to va1dalize you. We had a great time. The men 
of Ph. /3/10) 
To the bunch of girls tn Physics IB, I hate you too. 
Adrienne. r3/lO) 
Kathleen from Casino N ight - Please meet me for 
Iund1 on Wednesday at II :00 in Revelle Plaza t1f the 
flag pole. I'll be waltingll - Dave. /3/10) 
looking for something new and filled with full-n-
excitement? Then you ha.le the potential to 
become a part of the brotherhood of Alpha EpSilon 
Pil For more InA:>., call Adam, Rick or Jeff at 455-
0619 /3/ 13) 
SEarn college cashl Secrets 4 success I Rush WE to 
Yes, 1840 Coast Bwd, Del Mar, CA , 92014. /6/ 4) 

In a rut? Do something Nu. Rush SIgna Nu 
Fraternityl call 442-4297 or 450-1910. /3/13) 
Natasha, I'll be looking for you on the Plaza you 
little )\Jg:>slCJv'ia1 rutie. /3/10) 
Krow all the people you live with? Expar,u you 
horizons I Rush Signa Nu Fratemityll Call 450-1910. 
/3/13) 
usa - You 3-tlming little ""'**1 So I'm the last to 
know abOut 10m and Ed and now MIkel It's CNerl 
Suzie. /3/ 10) 
Finals and tunger .JUst seem to go together Come 
to a muncny ha1gout In ~ontof HL on Wed nl~ht 
of finals a1d support the Sigma Nu Fraternity. 
Good luck on finals UCSD. /3/10) 
Snu - Just to show you, If you walt long enough, 
small miracles may happen. This one's foryou. tree. 
/3/10) 
Roses are red, violets are blue, George, Albert nd 
Duke; I Jove spending the weekend with you. 
/3/10) 
Crnvnpagne IS bubbly, Crisco is White, A muffin 
likes nothing better tha1 to be w/her bunT¥ at 
night /3/10) 
Leyla - the girl In the green Mercedes. It's not that 
I don't keep promiSes, I Just forget deadlines, How 
about a race on Torrey Pines? - Guy in the red 
MerOJry Cougar. /3/10) 
Please donate to the Help Level Todd's Head Fund 
Gumblusheadls or S/a1ted-head afflicts one out of 
three Cal Western Law students. We need your 
helpl/3/1O) 
It's hard on the inside, soft on the outside, 
Remember - loving someone IS not enough a 
reason to tell him you love him. But you still gIVe me 
a good feeling. Let's go to lunch sometime. /3/10) 
Come to the bargain burnout center on Wed. Mar. 
19. Doruts, coffee and the Dewl In ~ont of HL 9-1. 
sponsored try Sigma Nu, pst fi:>r you. /3/10) 
Audrey - Just kiddtng. Steve. /3/10) 
DeN Jom - How come you never called me? 
Wasn't the other night meaningful to you? -
Katl'¥. P.S. \XIho 's Usa?/3/10) 
Jom - Take a sedatlVel usa, call off},'our mad dog l 
OtNiously he's mlslnterpretmg our ·relationship." 
From what }OU told me last ('light, he seems like an 
understa"lding g.Jy He's rUIning hiS Image. - Ed 
P S Mike, take a # /3/10) 
Ed - You 2-tlmlng slimel So I'm the last to know 
abOut y..ou a1d usal You publicly turruJiated mel 
Suzie. (3/10) 
Doug Jones - This place won't be the same 
without you, but neither will UCLA Give me the 
elks one last time. - Gooster. /3/10) 
Jom - You 2-timing slimel So I'm the last to know 
abOut you a1d Usal You publicly tumillated mel 
Suzie. /3/10) 
Hey babe, }QU've got some pretty big thighs br an 
old ma11 Happy 13rd KC. /3/10) 
Dear DGs - ThCV1ks fi:>r the great exd1CV1ge a1d 
for the cookies you made us. We look forward to 
future events With you. The Bros of ZBT. /3/10) 

Announcements 
AYN RAND readers a1d students of Objectivism 
meeting Sundays 11 am - 2 pm. Home SaJings of 
America, 4311 La Jolla Village Drive, University 
Towne Centre. /6/5) 
Earn 5500-52200 mo. prt-tm. 55000-510,000 "'-tm 
Make your own 001 call nowl Eric at 481-4535. 
/6/5) 
Need a ruTOR? College Tutorial Service has tutors 
for all su~ects at UCSD. 457-3424. /3/10) 

The home of the MCVOhtl/~m &!fou. 
In 
--

39¢ hamburger 
'1\I,mr.l 7 140 ~1iranlar Rd. Sa n Diego 

~--------------------~ I~ ---ALLAMERIAN-MEAL--- ~ Quaner Pounder with Cheese or Big Mac , . II Large Fry, Medium Size Soft Drink \ J, h •• 1", 1 10 .. 1 1 . rlll II 
II II limit one coupon per Just $1.99111• 

cu tomer, per ViSit, Plea e I I pr ese nt c.o up o n wh e n (plu~ ( ,n:) II I I ordering. No t valid with any II 
I other offer. On!., .It : I 7141.,) ~t i r"mdr Rd , II 
~ Good thlll ~dn Oic~u ~ 

~-:~~:---------------~ 

Cavalry Chapel Worship 9.30 am a1d 6:30 pm 8111 
New Salem St. -Nortllvvest corner M ira Mesa 
Mall, 453-7397. /4/10) 
AbOlish animal research on sdentific grounds. 
Contact Dawn 452-1684. /3/13) 
The Sky's the Umitl \XI1n a hot air balloon ride or an 
airplane ride Oller San Diego plus rrud1 more. All 
for only 51. InqUIre at MOM /3/24) 
WIN dinner for 2 Enter SWEs Engineering T-shirt 
design contest Submit Idea to EDNA box 1-4 
13/1 3) 
Now's your chance to be In the 1987 Good looks 
Calendar. Interviews call Nicole 453-7152/Jim 
455-9904 /3/13) 
Spend the summer a1d/or 1986-87 sd1oo1 year in 
sunl"o/ Spain. Quality instruction at economy prices ' 
Business Administration, Hlspa1ic studies, arts a1d 
sciences. GradJate courses in Hispa11c stuaes 
offered in July. Contact: Admissions, St. Louis 
University, 221 N . Gra1d Blvd, St. Louis, MO 
63103. Toll-free tel.: /BOO) 325-6666. /3/13) 
Talking Heads? Burning down the qfm? A 'once in 
a lifetime eventl April fl . /3/10) 
Be part of the growing - SEED. Coming spring 
quarter. /3/13) 
Be a part Of something that goes beyond college. 
Rush Sigma Nu Fraternity. /3/13) 
Engineers make better louvers or Electric 
Engineers socket to ya. SWE wants your Witty 
design for our T-shirt. Win dinner for 2. Deadline 
3/14 Submit to EDNA Box 1-4. /3/101 

Lost Be Found 

Found: Purple shirt In Urey Hall parking lot. Call 
259-9034. (3/16) 
Lost' Multi-colored Jade and gold bracelet. 
Rewardl Please call 452-1650. /3/10) 
Lostl Gold ring with aquamarine stone In 
Canyorrvlev.t locker room. Please call Chris 481-
3437. Lost 3/6. (3/131 
LOST - Kennex racket bag w/2 Head tennis 
rackets. ReINard. Call Marc anytime at 753-6579. 
/3/13) 

For Sale 

FENDER SUPER REVERB amplifier. Excellent 
condition with cover and casters. Great: sound; 
perfect for gigs. 5350. Jan 452-3466 days; 696-
8066 eves. (3713) 
Hitachi cassette deck 545. Panasonic receiver 529. 
Garrard turntable 515. Koss heaq,hones. 481-3215. 
/3/10) 
Laser SailbOat. 14 It. Great for beg. to acN, sailors. 
Good condo M oving. must sell 5450 obO. Buff 481-
6571. /3/13) 
4-Sa/e O'netll spring suits, 2 par snow skis, 
Nordca NSnO Boots XLT /O'neill 0123 fuJI XLT 
and No Fat Chucks T-Shirtsl CaJl 452-1572 Sean or 
Oz. /4/11) 
1970 \N./ Bug rebuilt engne, new brakes, am/fm 
cassette good transportation. 51200 436-2018. 
/3/13) 
Apple 1/+ 64K cdim computer monitor, printer, 
co"lJlete cdim system plus other valuable software 
/including wordstar). All necessary bOoks induded. 
5600/obO call Mike 487-4261. /3/10) 
No Fat Ctucks. T-Shirts 4-sa/el You've seem them, 
you've heNd abOut them now you Ca1 own onel 
All sizes available. call Oz 452-1572. /4/11) 
San Dlt?g) Socker Tickets /indoorl, April 5 game, 
only 55 (Reg. 58), Buy 2 or 200. Call 452-4SAM. 
(3(13) 
Desperatel Need cash - WIll sell Centurion Ie 
mans Io-speed @ BO. Excellent conation. Call 
.Jennifer @ 481-8935. /3/10) 
I round triP p/CV1e ticket to/~om Sarl Jose. To SJ 
3/21. To SO 3/30 SIOO 453-9944/Dave). /3/10) 
Skiis RoSSignol & Hexcel 528. Noraca skii bOots 
S35. Hitad1i integrated stereo S25. Evening 481-
3215. /3/10) 
Ring for MarchI AquamNine with six side 
dlamondsl Was OJstom madel Lovelyl S375/obO. 
453-0251. /3/13) 

Wanted 

W nted. College tours Mazatlan trip. Mard1 22-
29 Anne 569-1269 or 457- /485 /3/13) 
5Secrets 4 college cashl Opportunltyl Rush SASE to 
Go I, 1840 Coast Blvd" Del Mar, CA., 92014 /6/5) 
ARE YOU OVERWEIGHT? WCV1ted 25 people to 
lose weight. Herbahfe-IOO% g.Jaranteed effectivel 
97% keep weIght offl FDA apprCNed, InexpenSIVe 
and nutritIOUs I Call nowl EriC at 755-3976. /6/5) 

Males and females wanted for 1987 Good Looks 
Calendar. 4 interviews call Jim 45~9904 or Ancly 
453-0750. /3/13) 

Help Wanted 

Needed Immediately: Phone pros as well as 
beginners br our new So/a1a Beach office. 
Convenient location, excellent working condit IOns 
plus lIexibie schedules for all students. No seiling, 
55/hr. guaranteed plus dally & weekly bonuses. 
Should average S8-S12 hour. Call 755-8257. /4/10) 
MODELS - New faces br swimsuit series In 
Europea1 magazines. DavId Sd10en Photo. 450-
6485. /4/2) 
Tutor, English conversation, for Japa1ese fem. 
student in SoICV1a Beach. Prefer undergo fem. 755-
2264. /3/10) 
Wanted: Actors for l6mm film prodJctlon. Call 
455- 7437. /3/13) 
The MITRE Corporation, a not-br-profit, reseNch 
and development companr has summer vacarlOes 
in La Jolla for the follOWing positions : Sr. Word 
Processing Operator - Processes reports 
induding initial keying-in of ha1dwritten draft 
material, proofing of drafts, maintena1ce of 
required logs and tracking sheets, a1d distributIOn 
of printed materials as directed. ReqUIres typing 
skills of 55 wpm, office experience and/or word 
processing experience desirable. 
Fadlity Helper - Moves furniture a1d eqUipment, 
loads a1d unloads trucks. Inventories supplies, and 
prCNides general maintenance of conference room 
and general facilit ies. Requires a1 unrestricted, 
valid driver's license, ability to lift 40 pounds, and 
some typing capability. MITRE offers co"lJetitive 
salaries for these positions. Interested students 
should contact Jucly Manternoch in the UCSD 
Placement Office for a1 application and any other 
details. /3/13) . 

Housing 

Roommate wanted: From a1ytJme between June 
throughAUg.Jst beautiful one bedroom rent is 325 
dolleW'S a month Location is Village La Jolla Apts. 
Call 45~9209. /3/13) 
Roommate Wa1ted. Ow;' room, 5300. Solana 
Beach condo. close to bead1, leCJv'e message. 755-
6594. /3/10) 
Roommate Wa1ted for spring quarter. Solana 
Beach condo on beach. Single room, sauna, pool, 
jacuzzi, tennis, only S300 a month + Vz utilities. call 
481-0604. /3/10) 
Room for rent in U1iversity City home 5275 per 
month. Call 458-1523. /3/10) 
.Female roommate wanted to share condo/CJv'ail. 
Mar. 22/pool/jac/micro/laun 210 share/290 
Single. 4S<r<x:l52. /3/10) 
Female roommate Wa1ted to shNe townhouse in 
Clairemant. Own room, pool, Jaruzzi. S290/mo & 
1/3 utilities. Call 576-%12. /3/13) 
Female roommate wanted to shNe condo/avail. 
Mar. 22/pool/jac/miao/laun 210 share/290 
single. 4S<r9052. /3/10) 
Free room CV1d bOardl Excha1ge for driving. light 
housekeeping. meals. Needed after finals. Call 
454-2024. /3/131 

Roommmate wanted to share 3 br. condo t1f UTC. 
M/F nonsmoking. own room S260/mo + 1/3 
utilities. 450-0646. /3/13) 
BEACH LIVING - We need one m/f roommate to 
share rm. in large MiSSion Beach apt. - S200/mo., 
I house away from the wavesl Call eves. at 270-
9278. /3/13) 
Roommates needed Immediately to share fum Del 
Mar condo near track & beach. PooI!jaOJZZI/laun/ 
yard/dishwasher. Close ~eev.tCtj access Rent 
negotiable. 481-6509. /3/10) 
Female roommate wanted to shNe condo/avlal. 
Mar. 22/pool!jac/mlao/laun 210 share/290 
single. 450-<x:l52. /3/10) 
Luxury condo in So/a1a Beach needs a rmmate to 
share a tuge master bdrm, On beach, furnished, 2 
tennis ats, 2 jaruz, 2 pools, sauna. microwave. 
Female, nondrugger, non-smoker, serio us 
students only. Science maJ.preferred. S250/mo. 
Call Karen 491-3290 evenings. /3/13) 
Why rent? You can buy/3 br hse + den 1 b1k to 
UCSD, yard ~plc. Ige assume loCJ1 call ownr/agt 
454- 7389 /3/10) , 

Stereo/Video 

FENDER SUPER REVERB amplifier. Exc IIent 
condltlOn With cover and cast~s. Great sound, 
perfect for gigs. 5350. Jan 452-3466 days, 696-
8066 eves. (3/13) 
Onkyo turntable With Shure cart used twice S75. 
~o tape deck dolt1f B&C, muslcseard1, xlnt S70 
BS/f equalIZer, 5-ba1d, good for small sys ffll 525. 
453-9348. /3/31) 


