
UNIVERSIN OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

. 

8yMARK 

T HE continuance of • and alcoholic beverage company sponsorship 
of student events has been 
brought to the forefront of 
administrative discussion, 
prompted by a recent 
memorandum written by Dr. 
Joseph Watson , Vice Chancellor 
of Undergraduate Affairs, 

The letter, dated January 6, 
asks everal UCSD administrators 
and Associated Student (AS) 
President John Riley to consider 
and prOVide recommendations 
on, firstly , "whether the campus 
should continue to pennit the 
erving of alcohol at TGIF s" and, 
econdly, "whether the campus 

should pennil alcoholic beverage 
companie to ponsor campus 
events , panicularly recreational 
and Intercollegiate events," 

According to Watson , 
ontlnued con ern from "cenain 

Individuals and groups" on 
campu InOuenced hIS writing of 

;01111 GlESIIIK 
SSlstant VI 

Student 0 Ce Chancel I evelOP~nt Or 
SUBJfCT ; 

COntinua 
Of Stude~~ef Of TG' S 

I am writ ' Vents 
fOr WhiCh I;~ to request 
OPPOSition ere COntI 

and Object 
(I) Whether 

alCOhOl 

the 
believe 
identifyi 

"If you 

(2) 

cause of th is?' I take 
responsibility for raising the 
issue," Watson said , "I have 
presented this (the 
memorandum) as an objective 
que tion .. , to be looked at 
formally; to make sure thal as a 
campus we have considered the 
twO issues," 

The College Deans, Riley, and 
the Recreation and Intercollegiate 
Athleti DIrectors received copie 
of Watson' letter and were 
in true ted to forward any 
re pon c to Dr. John Giebink. 
Assistant Vicc Chan ellor of 
tudenr Dev I pment. Glcbink 

and the A1 cohl)1 and _ ubstance 

JOseph ., 
VIce Ch . liatson 

ance llor 

Giebink said . "If it turns out that 
the preponderance of opinion is 
to maintain the status quo , that 
is what we will convey," 

Wat on noted that his 
decision WIll rely heavily on Dr. 
Giebink's recommendatlon and 
that a "decision will likely be 
made within the quaner, but 
cenainly within the academic 
year." 

Alcoholic beverage ompany 
ponsorshlp is viewed a. 

in on istent with thc Univcrsilr's 
alcohol policy by a number of 

message . .. the 
pushed hard for Joe 

n) to have recreation find 
alternative funding .. , to find 
other sources of income ," 
Dreilinger said , 

The intercollegiate program 
recei ve as much as <; 15,000 
annually from companies such as 
Budwei er and Miller, i ording 
to Judith weet , Director of 
ll)tercollegiatc Athletics, This 
figure I t:On~istent with the 
amount of funding receIved by 
other group. on campus. 
including the Recreation 
depanment. 

"Coke will gl\'e YOll ba nners 

and drinks, but beer ompanies 
have cash, and that's what 
people need .,. Last year during 
Greek Week, Mesa 
Distributing/ Miller Lite donated 
$1,000 wward a budget which 
totalled $4,000. Coke gave $200, 
but it was like pulling teeth ," 
Riley said . Among the other 
events and projects sponsored by 
companies which distribute 
al ohol are Casino Night, the 
Canyonview calendar, the I FC 
pon Tournament, and the Bud 

Page in the Guardwn . 
orne individuals addressed in 

the letter do not believe 
sponsor hip by al oholic 
beverage companie IS in onnict 
with Univer it)' policy. 

"I don't think span or hip ha 
Please tum to page 3 

• With his own 
words. 
Remembering 
Marti n Luther 
King, jr. 

• Pulmonary research 
Reaching new height at 
UC 0 

• UCSA meeting 
Page 2 

• Tritons victorious 
Pa'c II 

.Checking up 
\ ith a UC 0 alumna 

P.lgr 1 I 

Page 1 

• Football commentary 
P.lge 1 



2 Tuesday, January 20, 1987 
NEWS 

Novelist to 
speak at UCSD 

A decade ago, Robert 
Harrington abandoned a ten-year 
career as a corporate computer 
manager to try writing fiction. 
Now, haVing published seven 
novels , he talks about 
"Researching and Writing the 
Historical Novel" before San 
Diego Independent Scholar . The 
mcenng Will be on Wednesday, 
Januat), 21 at 7.30 pm In Room 
IlIA, Chancellor's Complex, 
UC D. 

Harrington's most recent work 
I Man'cls , publIshed last 
September by Stein and Dar He 
also teaches novel-wriu ng at 
UCSD ExtenSion and last 
summer directed a Fiction 
Writers' Conference at UCSD. 

San Diego Independent 
Scholars welcomes all individuals 
who do scholarly work and who 
may be unaffihated with a 
uni versity. Its members include 
all diSCiplines and its programs 
are open to all fields of inquiry. 
The meeting is open to the 
publi and admission is free . 

Founded in 1982, the group 
now has more than 70 members, 
mcludi ng historians, physicians, 
literary scholars, attomeys , poetS, 
SCientists and others who enJoy 
doing scholarly research . 

Berkeley hosts 
AIDS conference 

The complex problems posed 
by AIDS on the college campus 
will be the focus of a major 
conference Jan. 29 and 30 at the 
University of California at 
Berkeley 

Students, faculty and sraff from 
schools around the country wtll 
e,xamll1e how colleges and 
universities are respondll1g to 
the disease , through AIDS 
edu ation and preventlon 
programs, clinical treatment and 
counseling for people with AIDS-
Related Complex (ARC) and 

BLOOM COUNTY 

persons worried about AlDS in 
general. 

In addition, the conference 
will address how AIDS is 
affecting various aspects of 
campus life such as student 
housing, insurance, 
confidentiality of re ords, 
employees' nght and disability. 

The two-day AIDS conference 
is sponsored by UC-Berkeley, the 
American College Health 
Association and the Caliform3 
Department of Health Services, 
OITice of AID . 

In 1985, UC Berkeley 
launched a model health 
edu ation program to stem the 
spread of AIDS and reduce fear 
about the disease at Berkeley and 
other college campuses, 
Supported by California's 
Department of Health Services, 
the project has sponsored public 
forums , workshops, in-service 
clinical training and health 
education programs tailored to 
students, faculty and staff. 

The project has now produced 
a working manual , titled "AIDS 
Education on the College 
Campus: A Practical Guide ," 
which will be published in early 
1987. 
Grad students 
awarded cash 

Seventeen University of 
California graduate students were 
named recipients of the 1986-87 
Dissertation Year Fellowship 
Awards, UC officials announ ed. 

The awards of $12,000, plus 
$500 for research expenses, were 
given each to ten women and 
seven men. Eight of the awards 
are 111 the humanities, five in 
social sciences, and four in 
natural sciences. The awardees 
include one Native American , 
seven blacks, eight Chicanos , 
and one Pueno Rican , 

The UC Dissertation 
Fellowship Award Program, 
established by the Regents in 
1986-87, provides support to 

promising minority graduate 
students and women, particularly 
those in diSciplines where their 
numbers are under-represented 
to enable them to complete all 
requirements for the Ph.D. 
degree within the fellowship 
year. 

According to William Frazer, 
UC Senior Vice President for 
Academic Affairs, acquiring a 
Ph.D, degree in a timely manner 
qualifies the awardees for 
appointment to the faculty of 
major universities, including the 
University of Califomia. 

Frazier hopes to expand the 
program next year, pending 
approval of the budget, to 
supporr a greater number of 
women and minority graduate 
students in their dissertation 
year at uc. 

Three of the awardees are 
graduate students at UCSD, They 
are L. Rene Corriles (c hemistry), 
Vincent deBaca (history), and 
Margo MacKay-Simmons (music). 
Demographics lecture 
to be given 

Mr. Alan Nishio will speak on 
the implications and challenges 
of California's demographiCS on 
Wednesday, January 21 at 5:30 
pm at Peterson Hall , Room 103 
at UCSD. The event is sponsored 
by AsSOCIated Students, 
University of California, San 
Diego, 

Mr, Nishio is currently 
Assistant Vice-President of 
Student Services and Student 
Development Programs of 
Califomia State UniverSity, Long 
Beach. 

Fun run to be held 
The La Jolla YMCA will be 
sponsoring a one, three, or five 
mile fun-run Saturday, Janual)l 31 
a 8:30 am at La Jolla Shores. , 

The start and finish of the run 
will be on the grass next to the 
restrooms. The course will head 
south through La Jolla Shores 
along the cliffs and back, 

The run is free and eveiyone 
is invited to participate in this 
non-competitive event, A raffle 
will be held following the run , 

For more information contact 
Gary Wegener at 453-3483. 

by Berke Breathed 
~----------~~ 

I 5TTtl ffB- IN CQr(f'ffIf., 
M/f{lJ fK/( WITTM ... 
I 1IIIIf( IM 6QWf 

lICE 1HI5/ 
,/ 

r.er M€ /I *H# 
C/6tfI{UfE 6£Fr:1« 
I 51D( )(;tI N 

3fT, If 1ItEfoIIfR , 

INro 
1H6 

116Y55.' 

I 

) 

UCSA discusses 
student issues 
By PETER MESSROBlAN, SWjf Wntcr 

T HE University of California Student Association held its latest meeting at UCSD last weekend to select candidates for the next student Regent, discuss the problem of student 
wages on campus and present a resolution to UC President DaVid 
Gardner about the Smelser repon on undergraduate education. 
• UCSA was founded in 1971 in order to "fight for suc h student 
concems as fair student wages, improved affirmative action 
performance, increased financial aid , lower student fees , and 
affordable housing," an organization biography statement sa id , 

According to Greg McCambridge: the UCSA undergraduate at. 
UC 0, "the main thing that was done at thi s meeting was to select 
the finalists for the Student Regent position ," McCambridge said 
the interviews and election took aU day Saturday, and were "prett), 
important because that is the most important student voice 111 the 
whole ?ystem," 

The hopes for a Student Regent from UCSD were dashed on 
Saturday, with the selection of candidates from the DaVIS, Berkeley 
and Santa Cruz campuses to go before the Regents for the nnal 
selection process. 

The nine semi-finalists were chose n by UCSA regional selection 
committees and Eric Weiss, the Associated Student Vice-PreSident 
for External Affairs, was UCSD's candidate. McCambridge called 
Weiss a "real good candidate," and said that the "UCSA was looking 

, for a real diverse group of candidates to send the Regents in terms 
of ethnic makeup and gender, and that's what they did " 

The current Student Regent is a white male, and "we wanted tll 
avoid sending, even giving the Regent'S a choice, to pick another 
white male," said McCambridge. 

The candidates do Indeed Cut across a broad spectrum of ethnic 
backgrounds, One woman candidate was seIected , an 
undergraduate from UC Davis named Jacquelyn Ross majoring in 
Applied Behavioral Sciences. A Nigerian grad student, Emeka Kalu 
Ezera, was Berkeley's candidate for student Regent. He attended 
Harvard University as an undergraduate, received his Master' from 
the London School of Economics, and is currently studying public 
organ izations. 

The final candidate is Martin Gabriel Ramirez, a grad student at 
Santa Cruz who matriculated at Loyola Marymount University for 
his undergraduate studies. He is a biology major, 

Always an important item on a UCSD meeting's agenda, fair 
student wages are the hoped for result of a new Student Wage Poli cy 
Plan passed dunng the meeting and submitted to Systemwide 
Administration on Tuesday of last week. 

The major points of the plan include, among others, the 
establishment on each campus of a "mandatory consuit,lllvc 
process with respect to all student employment issue~, the 
abolishment of two-tiered wage systems (in which new emplo} l'es 
are on different pay scales than ongoing employees), a Student 
Consumer Price Index, and the creation of a Student Employee 
Handbook for each campus detailing "aU pertinent student 
employee rights and employment policies and procedu res," the 
plan states. 

Eric Basil, a third year political seience major at Third College, is 
UCSD's Employee Relations Coordinator and an ex-oficio member 
of the UCSA's Student Wage Task Force, He termed the Wage 
Policy Plan a "response" to the UC Administration's reneging on a 
promise to form a joint advisory committee on student 
employment. Instead, according to the UCSA, it was informed that 
'students should send them (the Administration) a list of 
suggestions for revision to the policy." 

"All they're looking for is an excuse to toss anything we give them 
out the door," Basil sa id . 

The new plan is, however, "a perfect perfect proposal ," said Basil. 
He believes the university ad.ministration will have a hard tlme 
discarding it. Basil indicated that the UCSA will approach the Sl.lll' 
legislature , which has been sympathetic to the Association in thc 
past. 

Another important item on the agenda was a resolution sent 10 
University President DaVid P. Gardner and the Board or Regents 
concern ing the Smelser Report on undergraduate edu at ion . Thi~ 
highly publicized study oiled for some major rcfolms 01 
undergraduate edu ation in the UC system and ha~ stirred up ,I 
great deal of interest recently. McCambridge is the Vice-Cha ir l1f 
the Academic Affairs Committee of the UCSA, and has heen 
working quite a bit on pushing Implementation of the mebl'r 
refonns. " othing's really being done about it ," he said, "so WC 'ft' 
asking Gardner to send a message to individual campuses to st,lIt 
working on it." ~ 

Editor-in-Chief 
Niki Ncwlands 

Tnt IXSD GUlJrdiUn IS published Mondays ,lnd Thursdays dunng Ihe oc,.d., II 11(' ) ",II h) ,111U I", 
rhe sludems of UCSD Re.produC:tlon Or use of this newspaper wuh UI p.:ll1lh"lUIn ... "'"a.lly 
prohlbi&ed, -1987, all nghls re;ervtd The Guardian Is no. rcspon .. blc ">r U""~" I"" 
manuscnpts or an. 

ViewS expressed do not rtSpresem the opinIOns of I~ Universlly of LJllftlrnl.1 1'1 the 
Assocla,ed Studenls of UCSD The Gu""'wn's edllonals are delermllled by ,he LUll r- In t Iud', 
Managing EdllOf, News &lllOrs and lhe Opinions [d .. "r. 

The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 534-6580 8usiness: (619) 534-3 .. 66 

Thr GIMHdWII I ... k'lldtl'O nC)l1 ht th.: eh.! utI! 

Cover graphic by Sean Duffy 

~ . 

.. 

Alcohol 
Continued from page 1 
had a negative impact. I don 't 
think It has caused increased 
consumption," Sweet said 

Bert Kobayashi , Director of 
Campus Recreation, commented 
that the sponsorship has been a 
"real big plus for us." He 
conte nds the revenues received 
have played a role in the success 
of his department. 

"The campus is going to lose 
out if we lose (alcohol) 
sponsorship ." don 't want to 
totally alienate the alcohol 
companies. I feel, in a few years, 
we will swing back to them ," 

Kobayashi said , He noted the 
Recreation Department is 
currently looking for altemative 
sources of funding. 

Among the options available , 
should alcoholic beverage 
company sponsorship end, is th e 
reallocation of Registration Fee 
funds, or a small increase in the 
fee itself. "'li20,OOO is not that 
much really, in terms of total 
funding for a campus this size ," 
Dreilinger said. 'The lost fund s 
could be replaced by a minimal 
fee increase or by reshuffling 
available funds." 

The concem over alcohol at 
TG s comes from a minority of 
those who have expressed their 
opinion on the topiC , according 
to Watson . 'There are lots of 

Director oj Campus Recreation, Bert. Ko!Jayashi, Ix Iic ves "the campus isgoing to 
lose out" if alcohol sponsorship is ended. . 

ACE YOUR CLASSES! 

people who don 't like the image 
of large numbers of people 
standing in line for alcoholic 
beverages. And there Me many 
people who feel that It 
encourages the abuse of 
al ohol " yet. I have to say th<lt 
large number of c; tudents think 
the TG s arc great and they have 
expressed It . 

"Our approach has been that 
alcohol is a legal substance; that 
thc campus should provide 
opportuni ty, within reason , for 
those who want to consume 
alcohol to do so in a safe and 
healthful manner," Watson said . 

'li33,OOO has been allocated 
this year for TG s by the 
Associated Students. Ten to 
twelve kegs are purchased for 
each one at a COSt of aboU( '!i500. 
The bands range in price from 
$1 ,000 to $3,000, while $700 has 
been spent on the sound system 
for each TG, according to Riley. 

"The beer is really a minor 
part, finanCially , but it seems 
people go for the alcohol and 
then the bands are there ." Riley 
said. 

Although Dreilinger does not 
feel it is necessary to end alcohol 
at TG s, as long as the age limit 
is being observed , he does feel 
that should such a decision be 
reached the effects would not 
necessarily be negative . "I think 
it's conceivable that 
(discontinuation of alcohol at 
TG s) could happen and the 
campus not suffer. It might 
benefit. Depending on the 
quality of the band, I think they 
can draw the same crowd ," 
Dreilinger said . 

Watson contends he would be 
disappointed if the popularity of 
TG s declined should alcohol no 

The A S Lecture Notes Service is offering 30 classes this 
quarter! The following classes are available: 

. 

Anthro 22 Chern 140B 

Ames 10 Econ lA 

Bio 1 Econ IB 

Bio 10 Econ 2A 

Bio 13 Econ l00B 

Bio 101 Econ 110B 

Bio 106 EECS 62B 

Bio 107 EECS 6 5 

Bio 155 Ling(General ) 5 
Chern SA Phil 10 

Ch em 6A Poli Sci 11 

Ch ern 6B Poli Sci 163AA 

Chern 6C Psych 18 1 

Ch ern 140A Soc 10 

Thl! Servic~ also offl!rs old notes from previous quartl'fs for 
$8.50. urrent subscriptions are only $12,00, The office is 
located in the Student Onter across from the food co~op. 
Hours: M~FI 10-4. Phone : x~46238 , 

TI4l'''/''y, JcJllllf"Y 20, /987 3 
NEWS 

Vice Chancellor War son as/Is jor rccol1lmendatlons on ending ulcohol at rGs 
and alcohol company sponsors. 

longer be served. "I think a good 
part of the attraction of TG s is 
the alcohol. so I think their 
popularity would go down 
Whether they would go down to 
the extent that they would no 
longer eXiSt, I can't tell ," Watson 
said. 

Funds allocated for beer would 
probably be used to obtain "big 
name" bands should alcohol be 
discontinued at TG s. ThiS may 
not be enough to satisfy the 
students, according to Riley; he 
contends that TG 5 will become 
less of an attra tion because the 
programming funds arc not large 
enough to secure bands which 
would draw students to dry TG s. 

The Tnlon Pub is not 
addressed in Watson's 

memorandum and he expressed 
no plans to alter the operation or 
the pub." There's a pub on 
cam pus now, there's a pub 
scheduled for the University 
Center ... so I don 't see us not 
having a pub. or pubs, on 
ampus: Watson s;lid . 

After the University 
implemented the present .llcohol 
policy, which made UCSD's 
regulations conSlstcnt with State 
law, legal tssue were no longer a 
consldcratlon . In reference to 
this , \j arson sa id , "I don't think 
we ha\'c any legal problems or 
difficulties with the present 

arrangement~." 
A meeting of the Alcohol and 

Substance Abuse Committee will 
be announced thiS week. ~ 

NEW CENTURyNISTA 
PRESENT 

THE 

STeP-
FATHER 

starring 

SHELLEY HACK 
&: T ERRY O 'QUINN 

PASSES AVAILABLE AT 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

NOON ON THURSDAY 

JANUARY 22 , THURSDAY 
8:00 P,M. 

MANDEVlLLE AUDITORIUM 

'--_ ___ A UNIVERSITY EVENTS PRESENTATlON ____ ~ 



4 TIIt',LkII', )'IIII'dIY 20, 1 'IS; 

A few words from Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Edltor's ore: 111 order Cll h,mor Oil,' '~I che j"h"t l'coplc fI't'1 to ,,'C j,),l/ 011 t'ClIlh, Dr 

MW1111 Luchel KlPlg, w<' /It/It" cic(l(hl Cll rcs<'lw tillS cdlconal spurc jllr t1 small <;y"opm lij /11;' 
news. The jol/owlI1g PUSStlgc " ttl/I,'II /mm W,I/,Wll Rohen MIIIc, " blogmrhy oj King We hope 
thelt everyollc cake ' a ll11llllCIiC today ttl c/wcll (HI chc t['(uhll1gs oj Dr. King, II> th II I' the I'oy 
leasc we could do to h"IIOI h" 111<'I11 (lI) 

over propen)' and profits. "The good and Just society ," hc wrote , "is neither the thesis 
of capitalism nor the anmhe is of Communi n, but a SOCia ll y conscIOus democracy 
which reconcile ' the truths of Indi vid ualism and collec tivism ." Such a democracy will 
be more than a synthesis of these opposites, which are already movi ng toward a kind 
of con fluence. It will have lessons to learn from the as /lIWllS of Jayaprakash Narayan 

The death of Martin Luther King signals the close of an era and the begll1ning of a 
new age in which, perhaps a never before, his dream challenges and mvites America 
to fulfill its destiny - and not only America, but the world Especially aftcr he received 
the obel Pea e Prize , Manin King saw the problems of Amenca as human problems 
having their countcrpal1s on a world s ale. The question of black power wuhin the 
context of the Amcrlcan community was the same as the question of national Integrity 
within the world of nallon , and he regarded nonviolence as highly relevant to both, 
suggesting that it "bccome immediately a subject for study and for serious 
cxpenmentation in every field of human conflict, by no means excluding the relations 
between nations. He did not underestimate the magnitude of the problem, but he 
believed that If men wanted peace enough to be willing to sacrifice for it , instead of 
merely opposing war. ways could be found to subhmate man's competitive drives along 
nondestructive lines. He cho e to view the world not as an arena but as a community, 
Indeed as a family , and he spoke of the eal1h as "the great world housc" which 
mankind , in all ItS diver It)' , has inherited . We must learn to hve together in it and 
make it our home. It is an abode in which all of us have a common stake. Rapidly 
developing tech nology has brought us rapidly clo e together. We cannot read ily shift 
that Inexorable proccss Into rever e. We cannot lengthen the tlme It takes for a nuclear 
mlssle to reach a target or slow down the transmlsston of news across the globe, so we 
had bener look to the stability. the livcabilit)' of our world hou e. Out of the nonviolent 
freedom revolullon must emerge a true revolution of values. Persons must take prionty 

and from the community unions of America's black ghettos - practical, down-to-eal1h 
lessons in the exercise of PQwer and responsibility by the people themselves. "We are 
called [0 pla)1 the Good Samaritan on life's roadside," said Mallin Luther King, "but that 
wIll be only an initial act. O ne day the whole Jericho Road must be transformed so that 
men and wome n will nOl be beaten and robbed as they make their journey through 
life. True compass ion is more than flinging a coin to a beggar; it understands th at an 
edifice which produces begga~ needs restructuring." • 

Nonviolence, for Martin Luther King, was nOt a cure-all . It was a means co nsistent 
with the end, which was, and remains , a community and a world in which every 
person can live with dignity . His use of nonviolent power arose from a recognition that 
conflict was inevitable to overcome the false , negative peace of injustice and inequality, 
and tt was actuatcd by a deep faith in. the attainability of true peace in which everyone 
can share in the good things of life and in the responsib ility that goes with it. True 
compassion, in the end, coincides with the wisdom of love in all its dimensions. No 
amount of private wealth , no amount of manIpulative power to treat persons as things 
can com pare with the JOY, th e good- natured give-and-take of true friendship. Machines 
and computers cannot produce this . The aggrandizement of wealth by one group of • 
people while others remain in want , the aJTOgation of power and privilege ~ one 
racial group at the expensc of another - these deny not only those who are 
victimized; they deny frie nd ship and community and dimmish the quality of life for 
all. 

lHTfHSlHT.fHSlUTfHSluTfHSlHTfHslfnmslfTTfRslHTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfRSlH 
A.S. advenising 
EditOr: 

We would like to expres::. our 
disappOIntment with the 
Assocldted tudents Council 
CA.) regarding the A5UC D 
bullctln . Current advemslng 
policy In thc AS Bulletin b) 
student organi zations has been 
cha nged so thai evef)' student 
org,lnlzatlon IS hmlted to threc 
ads pc r quaner The rea,on lIled 
fOi thiS poli 'Y change I, that "the 
popubmy 01 free advem'lI1g In 
the AS UCSD Bulletin hecome, 
more .lnd morl populJr 
Howc\'cr th" lillie 
ann,luncement In the Bulletin 
falls 10 menCion the lall that 111 
the PJst . there WCfe t\\,(1 full 
p,lgc fllr organt:,llIon" to 
a(herllse In which had first 
been limited to one page dnd 
now a half page (the other half I 
u;.ed for A CounCil ad\'em~lng) 

Given the alrcady limltcd 
opporrunllle,:> lor student 
org,lnl:atlon, to advertlSC , we 
would scnously questlnn the 
need tll l ut down on thel r 
a(h'erusmg Sp.l e In thh manner 
Currently the hulletln boards arc 
con,t,lntl)' ovcrfllllng with fllCfS 
th,n nobody can read becau5l.' 
chere arc toO man)' 01 th em 
po<,led 011 tOP 01 e,1(h other 
ConSidering Ih.lt the A UC D 
Bullelln I probably one of the 
\'el)' best piatT" for org,1I112.1II ons 
to advertise their aCIlVltleS, the 

5<1\~ ng<; of the A<; .Ire m,lde .It a 
great expense to the 
OIganlZellions who depend on 
evecy litt le bit of "d\'l'm~mg Ihe)' 
Gill gel. -houldn't the A .. 
ree\'aluJte Its pnlil)' 01 Ignonng 
che needs and .1ltl\'IllCS 01 the 
many 'o tudenl nrg,tnl :allons, and 
perh.lp' IncrC.1SC the AS Bullelln 
~I:C back [() II, <lngl n,11 Jnd 
leglhle two-page form.n] All Ih,1I 
the)' really {'C1Tl to be lllllLel ned 
abuur are thell event" to the 
detriment 01 .,tlltlt'nt 
olg,lIllz'll lons 1 he AS "hlluld 
keep In mind l1.1t (lm' 01 the 
mJm purpo~c~ ,11 the ,IL 111'1 I}' Icc 
IS til suppOrt Ihex' nrg,II11:,1lI0ns 
Intemational Club core members 
Blaire Wilbon Gregory Wilpen 
Kathy NeWlon Geetha Rajaram 

Football follies 
Editor: 

It ' hard for me to believe but [ 
Ihmk for once I'm actually gomg 
to Side wl/h Joe Watson on an 
Issue , and that I sue IS the 
POSSibility of a foOtball team 
formmg at UCSD. 

If there arc more tudenrs who 
wam to fo rm a club, then great, 
more power to them - but I 
thmk tf)'mg to field an 
tn tercolleglate (I C. ) team is a 
rhoroughly rolle n Idea And this 
IS for tll-',l re,lsons - the first 
bemg the finan 131 aspcct The 
ani), \\'a)' to raise the funds 
needed ford team 15 through 
st udelll fees . either b) taking 
from eXlstlllg ones or adding a 
peeldl fcc ObvlOusl), there ISl1't 

cnough mone), floati ng around 111 
th e I.C sPOrts department to 
sc.m thiS tC,lm I would prefer 
that Jny additional ~tudelll fee s 
gLl to Improvtng the lacilltles for 
eXisting I.C learns dnd espcclall) 
to the Intramurab depal1melll 
I'm Silk 01 nOI being able to play 
belause there arc no referee ' 
,md no flekl Sp~I CC . I'm ,lfrJld a 
lootball team would make Ih lS 
had SlIudtlOn onl)' worse 

The second rca '>On , Jntl an 
equa ll )' Impon,lnt one . 1<; that the 
logiC hehtnu thc whole IdeJ IS 
1l.lwed Wh y docs l'l'eryonc feel 
th.lt 1001 all wdl proVide InStant 

honl ~Pll1t? If our basketball , 
soccer .lnd volle)"hdU (,I ll 
spell,lIl) r span " In their own 
right ) conslstentl)' h,1\e troub le 
dr,lIvlng crowds. II'hy do football 

"upporr('r~ thlllk their splm will 
be Immune Imm thiS prllblem] 
The DIVISion III programs at U ,>[) 
.lIld U S .Ire glx)d eXJmplcs -
hmh S\.hlllli em' In Ih e "line (no-
S\.·hlll.uship \ posllllln ,lIld nelthel 
h.II'l' been ,lble tll get ,Inyone to 
go '>('l' chelr gJIlle', I h,11"L' the 

dl~CInLl feeling (lUI rr,lgr.lm 
1\"Ould f,l11 IIlcn Ihl' ~.lInL' ( ,lIegor), 
- liT ,In: nne lrCI.A ,1I1U 
st udl'nts wdl not fl ock to "l'r .1 
f!loth,tli g,lInc 

1 hc rl'ellit) of the .,1IL41t1l'n h 
thJt the onl), \\,1\ III gct ,tUllL-lll., 
1\1 ,- l'me It' g,11111" " It) PH" lu e a 
t,llcntc:d ,Ind lompellll l C .Ind 
\\lIll1lng "'.Im ,lnd \I,' \L' trlcd 

.md faded at that before . Those 
who think that football IS a 
magic IIcket to school spirit and 
recognition arc only fooling 
themselves and need look only 
as far a Santa Barbara and USD 
10 ee that they are Incorrect. 

FlI1ally, I would hke to add 
that the Guardian SPOrtS page 
<;hould not be an arena for Gus 
Santoyo's blatant editorialiZing 
Jnd pe~onal bia es; it should 
tick to glvlIlg fair coverage to 

the eXbtrng SPOrtS programs. 
Thomas V,X Hall 

Illogical captain 
Editor: 

Football at UC D - in a 
Spock-hke reac tlon , I raIse one 
eyebrow questlonlngly when I 
hear or read about efforts to start 
a team here . As an almnus (,84) 
I feel ompe\led to wme and 
express my opmlOn, si nce It IS 
alumni who arc expected to 
help suppOrt the Institutional 
behemoth of college football . 

There arc many financial and 
planning obstacles to such an 
effort, along with very JU tifiable 
c,oncems about the lneVl table 
problem, with cnme, vandalism 
and rowdy crowds. But I believe 
more probing questions should 
be asked as to how a f otball 
InStl tutlon / team (In that order) 
would change everyday life at 
UCS D 

I kcep hearing the argument 
thdt a football team would 
Improve the oClal hfe of the 
student population. Will it? I can 
picture It now; pre·game pame , 
post -game parties, fund raising 
partic , pep rallies, faceless 
chl'cnng crowds - Go Koalas! 
And at the centcr of II all who 
cl;'l'7 :-.JOI the ordinary rudent, 
but the pla),crs, the checrleaders 
.lnd the "rn" glOup of bcautlful 
[ll"lplc llund lamlliar, li ke high 
>cht)c)]] 

1 he onl.' thing I iound mn,t 
rclrc .. hrng al UCSD alter high 
'>Chon! \\'J 5 that rcnplc were rcal 
1 hell.' \\,h none of Ihe 
phonmcss t)'p lcal of l1lgh ,>chnol 
1 herc \\';1;' no " m " group }'OU hJU 
In hc I n tIl bc LICL epted !1()t \1'.1., 
Iherr ,I '>llll,t! h,cr.lrlh\ But ,I 
Illnthall tl'.lIll ,lilt! .tli Il~ I nhcrcnt 

social baggage would undeniably 
change UCSD for the worse . To 
be sure, a team would provide 
ample opportuni ti es for mega-
event and killer parties, but I 
find it pal1icularly sad that some 
people have to gauge the success 
of their social life by how many 
"killer" parties they've attended. 
The quality of friend hips is 
more irnportant than a clouded 
memory of how many football 
parnes/ games one has gone to . 
Rather than unifyi ng UCSD, the 
social structure a foo tball team 
would creatc would just bnng 
more unnecessary social 
pressures to bear to conform , to 
fit in with the "right" crowd and 
alienate certain groups. 

I question the motives of the 
newly formed football club. If 
they have a thirst for full contact 
football , why corne to UCSD to 
begin with? Or is it a desire to 
have people watch them play 
football - a wa), to recapture the 
"glory yea~?" It certainly can't be 
for thc improvement of social life 
at UCSD. 

Erik Tracy 

Both sides row 
Editor: 

Whenever I am witness Jo a 
debate bctween rwo parties 
whom I have httle involvement 
Wilh, I succumb to the 
condemnable practice of arguing 
with both of them. 1 found 
myself in this position when 
readmg Raafar Georgy and Lisa 
Wagner's commcntaries on the 

, seemll1gly Immutable si tuati o n in 
the Middle East. 

Mr. Gcorgy focused mo til' on 
wlMt hc perceives to be thc 
western media'~ "over 
dmmatlzatlon" of the (lctlvities of 
Amb terromts and ItS relativc 
Ignnranc of what he con Ider 
Isr.leh atrocities. \Vell , first of all, 
It IS thc purpo e 01 terron~ts to 
trcate a dmmall t: SIlUJlIllll and 
thus dr<lw the attentlon 01 
wc,tern medl,l. Mcdw tOl"l'rage 
I, why tcrromm CXISts For \VhJt 
other reU!>l.lIl would .lrmcd 

per~()n., .11l,ICk cl\,lkln airliner., 
,lIld .,hlp~ ) II the ), wert Ign()l'et! , 
the)' would all but d..,.lppe,lr '>11 
II I, not the medl,1 hlll Ihc 

terrorists lhemselves th at 
dramatize th e situation. 
Certai nly, any media producer 
that can ·over dramatize" a 
situation which involves tossing 
old men from their whcelchairs 
into the ocean is blessed with 
brilliance. 

As for media ignorance or 
down playing of Israeli "military 
expedi tions" (read that as you 
will) , Israel does not wish media 
coverage of most of their 
ventures, so they usc more 
discreet tauics than do the 
Arabs. A hit and run military 
attack on a backwater village is 
never as ten e or ripe for public 
exposure as a lengthy hostage 
crisis or a bombing of a Paris 
department store, eve n if it is 
Just as or morc violent. The 
behavior of the Israelis may be 
Just as condemnable as that of 
the Arabs, but one cannot blame 
the media for giving extra . 
coverage to the more "dramatic" 
crises. 

In addillon to thiS omplai nt , 
Mr. Georg)' makes faulty and 
pointless assel1ions about the 
West's perception of Israel. 
Several times he states that Israel 
is made to appear by the West 
as some near-holy bastion of 
c ivilization , while the Arabs are 
portraycd as "barbanans." Yci, he 
!>omchow avoids proVid ing any 
pcrtinent examples of this ([o rms 
of the tel1n "barbarian" appear in 
quotes five times, yet the source 
of this "quote" IS never 
prOVided). It seems a gra nd 
gcneralization on Mr. Georgy's 
part. He gl vc~ exam ples of 1'5r<1eli 
killings commanded by Ami 

haron and then states, without 
baSIS, that" haron IS hailed as a 
hero withi n Ismcl and the Wesl. " 
About Is r..Ie 1 , [ have no doubt, but 
while I have lived my enure life 
I n the West I h.l\'C nevcr heard 
Mr. "haron being hailed as 
anything but an Isr.leli 
cf)mmJnder .lIld polillcal figure . 
Yo further hiS GIU"e, Mr Georgy 
then quotn ~t(),hc Share!!\' 
dldl)" to bc tLlkcn I assume , ,I, .1 
lefle r.: tlon III the 1'11:\1, of thl' 
\Vest I [m\'cI'el, thl' f.ILl th ,1[ a 
funner Pnml' ~ll1l1Stcr 01 bracl 

Plea~c tum to page 6 

1 II,'.,JLII, jUIIIIWY 2v, 1987 5 

Notes from the Underground Matthew]. Cronin 
The governments of the United States and France , 

the military dictatorship in South Korea, and the 
leaders of thc Chinesc Communist Party all share one 
thing in common th is season - being an abhorrence 
for student protest and initiative . 

[n France , Chirac's feeble coalition government se nt 
shock troops out into the Paris streets in an attempt to 
quell the hundreds of thousands of French students 
who were protesting the potcntial redefinition. of 
Fra nce's public universities admission policy. Chirac, 
at the time, had been pushing Icgislation that would 
have put an end to France's long tradition of having a 
public university system that is virtually free and open 
to, any person who wishes to attend. After weeks of 
playing the pompous Napolean and refUSing to 
withdraw the legislation , Chirac finally acceded to . 
student demands out of fear that the growing student-
worker alliance - which arose when the governments 
increasing privatization of public-sector industry and 
continual stonewalling on union demands for job 
protection had, rather belatedly, touched the students 
career-oriented sympathies - would turn his 
government on its back with waves of strikes and 
protests. Before his agreement to the students' 
demands, however, Chirac made the them well awarc 
of the fact that their hard , democratic demands would 
be met with the butt-end of a policeman's night sti ck, 
at that moment, and in the future if need be. 

[n South Korea the students who have been ,battling 
the U.s. supported brutal dictatorship of General Ch(m 
ove r the past rwo years have not been as fortunate as 
their French counterpans. They do not have , as their 
brethren in France do, the tacit suppOrt of a powerful, 
weil-entrenched opposition party (the French students 
had the support of many members of the Socialist 
Party), Moreover, the students of South Korea are not 
merely battling a civilian government for an equal voice 
in determining the fate of their university system as 

ki 
4 1/z( 

Self SeN ice Copies 

the Fre nch are , but are lighting all extremely powerful 
military regime, born out of the inhumamty of the 
Cold War, for the democratization of their entire 
nation. These South Korean students are pitted against 
tanks, high -powered rines, and thc Reagan 
Administrations's desire to have 'stability at any cost' in 
East Asia. Secretary of State George Schultz does not 
view these students as "freedom fighters," but as the 
"dangerous, violent, radical clement in South Korea 
today." For Schultz , and for hi s good frie nd General 
Chun, the only good democracy is a safe democracy; 
one where massive corporations, a huge, blindly 
'patriotic' military, and a handful of overzealous right-
wing ideologues run the show with no pal1icipation 
from the masses at lar)1,e. 

That painful view of human affair~ is nOt indicative 
of what a workable democracy is, much less a true one . 
But mass 'panicipation in the governi ng of a nation -
uninhibi ted pluralism for some, or humanistic 
socialism for Others - is foreign to the human race . 
As the recent evcnts in China bear out, one elite 

gro~p's abstract versIOn of what the proper means are 
to achieve widespread prosperity for all nearly always 
differs from the everyday experiences of the changing 
ci tizen . Ever since the Cultural Rev lution (Mao's 
bloodie t trick), Chinese students have been compelled 
into a position of direct opposi tion to govemment 
manipulation. For, in recent history, whenever the 
Chinese government has pledged that it Will respect 
dissenting perspectives from either peasant, worker, 
student , or intellectual WIthout reprising behind the 
shadows, it has Ired . During the 'protests fo r 
democratization' this December, the -Chine e 
govQlT1mem stated that it was pleased to see students 
voici ng their grievances in a "responsible manner." 
However, once the character of thc protest began to 
take shape - where students, supported by 
intcllectuals, demanded that the government 's promise 
of a more democratic socialism take place - the 

Commumst hardliners rook over the Ideological retgns 
of government In order to wash away the "poisoness, 
bourgeoisic Western va lues" th at had infected th e 
Chi nese youth . So Instead of being given an 
opponuniry to reform Chmese society from below, the 
students involved III the protest will now be treated to 
a Maoesque ca rnival called "Winter 87," where they 
will get to spend their vacation in labor camps on the 
outer edges of northern China. 

Students in Chi na are presently intensifying a 
struggle that very few of us here in the United States 
are familiar with : they are attempt ing to break the grip 
of a bureaucracy of repressive ideological e\i tes. Our 
experience as students differs greatly from that plight, 
for our bureaucracy has no ideology that is easily 
identifiable . In China, one can look at the dogma of 
the Communist Party if he is curious about why a call 
for democratization is so resoundingly rejected. In thc 
U.S. though, there are very few sta tements of pnnciple 
and belief that can point to why students of the 80's 
must become the new debter class, or assume in the 
future the responslbilrty of the nuclear nightmare , or be 
roundly chasllzed for opposmg U.S. mvestment in 
apanheid . 

Therc are some very deCisive answers to these 
questions, and the avalanche of other problems that we 
onfront every time we ask that our vOices be heard 

Wlthout haVIng to sell our ethics to the nearest 
merchant of death . We live under a form of 
government that demands that ei ther we puppet ItS 
policies both at horne and when we travel abroad, or 
be forever relegated to the category of 'undesirable 
traitor.' Likc our fellow students In South Korea. China, 
and Fra nce , we can bellow our lungs out askmg for 
Justice and real pal1iclpa tion in the decision making 
process , but will be met with either paternalistic 
disgust, repression. or a free ticket out of the 
country. ~ 

ENGINEERING MAJORS STUDENT/YOUT" TRAVEL 
EXPERTS! The 

Sign ' 
of 

••• 
••• 

••••• 
••••• 
••••• 

••• it ••• 

• • 
• • 
• • 

ADVENTURE ?? 
FLY ON SCHEDULED AIRLINES 

BUDOD TOURS?? 
RAIL PASSES 8. HOSTEL CARDS 

OVER 100 OfFICD 
8. INn STUDENT I D CARDS 

• Copies. Reproductions. 
• Passport Photos • Binding • 

And much more! 
Successful 
Future 

ff(fJ STUDfNT T.AVfL NfTWO.K 
Callus 0' (619) 286·1322 

6447 fI Cajon a/.· San 0;eo0921 IS 

NEW HOURS 
M-Th 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Sa 10:00 am - 6:00 pm 
F 7:30 am - 6:00 pm Su 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, 
(Near Ralphs & Sav-On) 

457-3775 

~-------~------------------, 
I BACK TO KINKO'S 

Free hlghllghter pen 
with this coupon 
and purchase 
Expires: 1/ 26/87 

kinko·s· 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(1le'OI' 1\o1pt'6/Sov On) 

I 

L __________________________ ~ 

Meet the Representatives of American Edwards' Laboratorles 
Division of Baxter Travenol 

We'll be on campus the following dates 
Presentation: January 22 from 10:00·11:30am 

in the Multi-Purpose Room 
Career Placement Center 

On·Campus Interviews: February 24·25 

The American Edwards 
Laboratories division of Baxter 
Travenol has been contributing to 
the quality of life since '96' as a 
major manu/ac1Urer of 
cardiovascular and critical care 
products for the health care field . 
Today, American Edwards 
Laboratories is oHering quality 
careers to graduating seniors 
like you . 
You've set certain goals for 
yourself and worked hard to 
achieve them. This qualtty, along 
with your academic e~cellence, 
makes you an ideal candidate for 
American Edwards laboratories. 
American Edwards laboratories 
IS not only one of Southern 
California s most successful 
businesses, but an excellent 

place to begin your Engineering 
career. We have ongoing needs 
for graduating seniors in the 
following majors: 
Electrical Engineering 
Mechanical Engineering 
Biomedical Engineering 
Contact the Placement Office for 
more information about how you 
can schedule an interview with 
American Edwards Laboratories. 
As part of the highly-successful 

Ba~ter Travenol Corporation , we 
provide emptoyees with generous 
starting salaries, excellent benefits, 
and advancement potential. 
We are an equal OPponUMy 
employer mil/h. 

_rIcIft Enards UIIorItDrIes ..! 
...• .. 
• Im:: 

Vacation 
Packages 

Air' Houl! rrtj,,,jtr 
Ma%ddan 
(6 ~,ghts) . . , .. ,$270 
Pucrto ValartQ 
(7 nights) , . , • .• $335 
Cabo 
(7 'lights) , . , •. , $350 

Al.w: Siri Au.~ni4 
7 Nlghls 

AIr, H(IIr1 smull 
5669 

( -- U' LiL 
~ .... , ....... c., 
452-0630 



OPINIO NS 
---

.J 

lHTfAs lfnfAslHTfASlHTfHSlUTfHSlfTTfHSlHTfRslfTTmslt 
l3umll1g at tcmper.ltures .1I\lund 
1.500'\ F. it is IXlsicall ), ,I big 
htlilfirc comp,ned to high 
technolog)' pla~m'l arc fumaces 
which burn at more than 5,0001 
F. One wmer belle\'ed that 
dlOXII1 IS likely to be de~troyed 

Continued from page 4 
supponed braeh alta ks . hesldes 
being mther unenlightenlng. 
doc,> not add to the argument 
presented . It seem [0 go Wllhout 
saying that government ntliel.lls 
of a COUntl)' engaged In these 
acul'ltIe would u~c eupheml51l1~ 
tor tenns like "killing,." and II by 
no mC,lns reflect~ the I'lews 01 
an}' other countl)' 

A-, .1 lin,11 pOint. one fl',hon 
wh)' the we"tern media use" 
tenns like "retahallon" llften 
when descnbmg Israeli acm'lIle, 
\J:i Mr. Georg)' pOinted out) IS 
becausc when Isr,\I?li~ kill 
uninvolved p,lI1leS the}' usuall}' 
do so In cffnns to get ,It the 
terromt;, who hide among them 
When the Arab" t,lke aCtIon , I[ IS 
t1 1ten hI' direct ,mack" on 
unlnl"1fl'ed parties \tOUrists , 
cm:cn", I r.weler". ell) <;ueh .h 
In hlpckmgs and Indlscrlmlnale 
homblngs. Henle, "retaliation" 
doc.; not apply since there IS no 
pa IT)' \l'h om th c tc rmn ~tS "re 
"getllng back" at 

With MISS Wagner' positIOn I 
havc le5~ argument. I "gree that 
Israel IS a legltlmatc statc, but her 
reasons for bdlc\~ng thl are 
totally without basts Because one 
peoplc II1habltcd a plcce of land 
In past mllleni,1 and havc cven 
rClJmcd a continual Intcre t 111 It 
mcan. nOlhmg today. That 
JeWish possessIOn of the land of 
Ismel I" "validated b}' the 
prOlnise 01 the Blhle" b .1150 
valuclc <; By thiS token . I. as the 
descendcnt of AdJm Jnd Evc 
would own nOI only the whole of 
Eanh. but also the Garden of 
Eden, wherever It might he. The 
ternble truth IS that the Israelis 
have a legitimate d:llm over their 
land b) the Simple fact that they 
took It . Amencan~ control 
Amerlla occau<;c the), took II by 
nrce The Communist Pan) 

controb RU5~!a beulusc the) took 
It . The Indlan~ control India 
because the}' expelled the British . 
Practically every recognized 
go\,ernment of today aro~e 111 
thiS manner. On our planet. 
takmg and controlhng land IS the 
one and onl), ulllvcrs.IUy 
recognized manner of 
e tabllshll1g a "legitimate" 
guvernment. 10 c1alln that "Is mel 

I~ ,10 ,lrtlfICI,,1 entity" ~Imph' 
refleer" ,In lI1.1bdlt)' lt1 deal II IIh 
realilY 

I he only other POUlt :-'\i'~ 
Wagner make th,1t I mu~t argue 
agall1st IS her c1altll th,ll those 
"\\'ho dclibemtcly loc.lte dlClr 
hases \\'1lhm population centCfS 
and refugee camp~" mu t be 
J~slgned the full blame for 
CI\'III,1I1 dC.Hhs B ' thl~ .ugumcnt, 
one might nuke '\c~\ Yt)rk :I[Y 
ttl get the cnmm,ll, Jnd .lSslgn 
rhe hl.llne l() them The blame. d 
one must pomt r. ngers, goe, t(l 
"II m\'olvcd pan le~ . It I" the 
respon bili!)' of the ,Ilta kers to 
deCide wherhcr the current loss 
of II1norcnt 1i\'Cs wdl be mJde up 
b), lives ~1\'eJ I.lter. nn iI hfe for 
Ide b,I~I' It b trading 111 human 
flesh , and II cannot h), any 
means he c.llled "neces5<II)' ." but 
111 some C,ISC~ . II I~ the hettcr 
option. 

Tom Lcbhar 

Pollution for profi t 
Editor: 

I was surprised to read two 
Critical responses to Gina 
Silvennan's letter urglllg 
Chancellor Alkmson to take 
some action on General Atomics' 
(GA) proposal to burn taxi 
waste at the ir site on Genesee 
Drive , JUSt a ross from the UC D 

Cdmpus I'm Jfr,lId the 
rc<;pond1l1g wmer;. ,Ire rclYll1g on 
GA a, the source lor the II 
mfnrmallon . ,lOd havc nt)t t,lken 
time 10 carefully read the 
EnVironmental Protectilln Agency 
(EPA) pCnlllt (number 
CAD067638957) whH.:h stares 
exactly what GA 15 proposing. 

One of the wmers statcd that 
GA was pIJnn1l1g only a series of 
test burn,. Although the draft of 
the EP pennlt IS written as a 
n:search and development 
permit . the 1,31-1 tons of toXIC 
\\,a,te which the permit allows to 
be burned IS produ tlon level 
[ lei . In my (lpll1ion, GA' Plant 
IS a commereial venture. AI 0, if 
the burnmg of waste IS for 
re>earch purpo e , \\'hy is there 
no pn)\' ISlOn 111 the permit for 
contlllUOUS monttonng of the 
effluent stream for whole classes 
of [oXIC compound. mcludll1g 
cancer·causlllg dIOXII1. As most 
sclcntists know, you can't do 
research without dam. 

Of course the most obvious 
question is why do the 
"research" here , making the 
14,000 students at UCSD human 
guinea pigs. The sire is also JU t 
2,000 and 3,200 feet from [wo 
major hospItals. RapId 
evacuation from these hospitals 
111 an emelgency could cost lives, 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ SAAB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
A ll work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 
• Brakes • Extended Warranties 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5 :30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 275·1132 

.• W$A' 
I ·· ... .....,:. 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1·5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA 92109 

* U,'" u~e UHd rec 'um mf'lld K~,.d.II · ' _,_hri(unl.\ tv yur rUSIVHltn * ' ~ 

---------------------------------------
*(ExcePI ,\lOIIIT & Trollsmissiull V,'erhOH /) 

With This Coupon 
(/I'ul I'u/,d .'il~ .my ,"ner W"PIJI,J 

10% OFF 
On Al1 Repairs* 

yet there IS no mention of .In)' 
ell1ergenC)' plan dealing with the: 
University or the hospltJls 
,\I1ywhere 111 the l'PA dmft 
perml! 

Thc same writer implied that 
Ilvennan exaggerated the 

damage which hydrochloric aCid 
from the GA plant IS likely to 
~ause. a)~ng it was less than 
o thcr sources of urban pollution. 
What he failed [0 take Into 
aceount \\"a5 the almospheric 
II1version layer which she 
mentioned was present on mo t 
day 111 our area, according 10 
rhe San Diego Air Pollution 
Cont rol District. AtmospheriC 
inversion can rJi5e the local 
concentration of hydroc hlOriC 
aCid to a point where it could 
cause problems for people with 
asthma, emphysema or Ou. The 
allowable discharge of. 
hydrochlori acid is completely 
open ended in the EPA permit, 
I.e., "1 percent of the HCI 111 the 
waste" (pg. 15, para. D[ 2]). If the 
waste contams 10 percent 
hydrochloric acid by weight and 
1,314 tons of\'"lste can be 
burned a the pemlit allows, this 
would release 1.3 Ions of 
hydrochloriC acid III a very mall 
area. 

TfIe first wmer, a GA 
employee who wished to remain 
anonymous, said tha t GA 
employees knew as little about 
the toxic waste incincerator as 
the general public, but th en the 
writer refuted i1vennan's claim 
that there are two nuclear 
rea tors at the GA sIte. If this 
person does nO[ know about the 
incinerator project, he or she has 
eve n more to learn about GA's -
other projects. GA's nuclear 
reactors have been in opera tion 
si nce the 1960's, producing 
radionucleotides for industrial 
and biological use. There is a 
large amount of rndioacuve waste 
stored at the plant, which could 
be inadvcnently burned. 
Accidents do happen and the 
possibility of 10 s of contai nment 
of these radioactive waSte should 
at least be addre~scd in the 
permit. 

The GA plant 's circulating bed 
combll~ tor (CB ) is not even the 
best available technology. 

,\I the CBC tl'mperJtures. I 
understJnd that sustained 
temperatures of I ,BOO" F or more 
may be necessaf)' to completely 
destroy dioxlI1 and prevent it 
from reforrnl ng as temper.Hures 
decrease up the stack . But no 
continuous mOnitor! ng is 
planned anyway. so the 
qllc~tlon will rcmalll unanswered 
and cont roversial, a. the writer 
suggests. 

The last inaccuracy. I would 
like to clear up IS the Idea that a 
lull and completelr • 
EnVironmental Impact tatement 
(E I ) has already heen made. 
ThIS IS absolutely false . There 
was an under-publicized public 
meeting conceming the draft 
EPA permit, but there IS no EIS. 
The California Depanmenr of 
Health Services and the EPA arc 
still deciding if an El IS 
necessary. 1 feel thaI these 
agencies would be negligent to 
approve thi project Without an 
EnVironmental Impacl Sta tement 
and public hearings. 

I repeat ilverman's appeal to 
Chancellor Atki n~on and all 
concerned studems to get 
IIlvolved: call our Sta te 
Assemblywoman, Sunny 
MOjonnier (457·5775), our State 
Senator,Jim Ellis (464-7204), 
and Mayor O'Conner's office 
(236-6330) . Tell them you think 
an EIS is needed, and don't 
fOlget to call the Chancellor's 
office to find out what he's 
doi ng. His number is 534-6861. 

Edw.ml Gorham 
Environmental Heahh Coalition 

Pi Beta Phi 
is joining UCSD's Greek 
Panhellenic Community 

Rush Week -January 22-25, 1987 
To sign up for Rush and for more 
information, come to the Pi Phi 
Rush table in Revelle Plaza on 

tuesday 1/20 10-2 
Wednesday 1/2.1 10-2 

What're you doing 
drinking the same old 
brew? Try the Gulp 
of Mexico. 

A squeeze of lime, a 
shake of salt and a cold 
can of Tecate beer. 

For a taste no plain 
beer comes close to. 



\:::; 

e 
eel\. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
a.oo -.00 pili - SlGI PLUS Sy,;tems of InteractIVe 
GuIdanCe and informatIon IS a co"l'Uter -based program 
r:I career InformatIon desrgled to help )'OU clanfy )'OUr 
skIlls. values and occupatronal Interests. For more 
Informatron. con-e to Career SeMees Center . 
• .00 --'=- pili - The Language Ptogr am prOVIdes 
asSIstance to stU<knts whose first langu~ IS not EnglISh. 
¥ld to ~ doIng wOO< In SpanISh. French. ltalran. 
German and Other languages. A dragnoStlC test on EnglISh 
as a second language " avaIlable on request. Call 534-
2284 
• .00 ..... 10 pili - OASIS Wntlng Center offers tree 
seMee for all UCSO students whO need pre-wrIting ~p. 
conferences on drafts and editIng seMce. We eng~ any 
kInd of wrI tIng and any kInd at wntlng problem. 
Conferences are by apPO,ntment only EvenIng 
appointments are also iMlllable In OASIS Third Place at 
ThIrd College. Warren Apartments. MUir College and at 
Third Dorms. (For the full range at servrces see the !laCk o f 
the current class schedule/ Call 534-2284 or con-e by USB 
4010 to make an appporntment ThIS seNlCe IS avaIlable 
throughout the quarter Sponsored by the OASIS WrIting 
Center 
a,JO ..... -4 :10 pm - OASIS Wrrtlng Center Wntlng 
tutonals & workshops In SuQiect A USB 4010 
MONDAY-THURSDAY 
8:00 _4:)0 pm - GRAMMAR MOSES HOTLINE - A 
hotllne phone-In service for help WIth diction. grammar 
and punctuatIOn proOlems To reaen Grammar Moses. call 
534- 2284 between the hours of 8 00 - 4 30 pm Monday-
Frrday Sponsored by OASIS Wntlng Center SeNlce 
avallaOie throughout the quarter 
10:00 ...... -8:00 pm - Free tutoring avallaOie In Math. 
~ICS. BIOlogy. ChemIStry. EconomiCS. StatlSUCS and 
Computer ScIence Sway Tables can also De arranged You 
lind three trrends and we WIll findthl.' tutOr 534-2280 Hl 
1254 
TlJESDA Y-FRIDAY 
1 :30-4:00 pili - DROP-IN ADVISlNG HOURS For help 
finding des"able part-an-e emplOyment determIning 
career goals, searching for JOOS or e.plonng prolesSional 
or graduate ,chool opportunllre, No appointment 
necessary, .JUst walk-In Career Servrces Center 
MONDAY 
12:00-2:00 pm - The Language Ptogr am level I - ThIs 
QP.SIS program focuse, on the thinking skIlls you need to 
successfully nandle the readIng and wntlng task' asSIgned 
In your courses It " desrgned tor those who want to 
per feo therr EnglISh WillIng skIlls LP classes are taught by 
readIng and writing speCialists and OIl1ngual tutors LP IS 
presented by the OASIS Language Program and the O ASIS 
ReadIng & Stuay Skills Center USB 4010 
ruESDAY 
10:10 .... - THE MARKETABLE RESUM E WORKSHOP 
Learn how to conu uct a state-of-the-art resun-e tnat WIll 
make )'OU stand Out from thie crowd Career SeNlCes 
Center 
1:00 p... - ON-CAM PUS INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTATION If you are Interested In particIpating In 
the Career SeNlCes Center son-campus Intervrewrng 
program this quarter. It IS mandatory mat)'OU attend one 
of these oll("ntauons before you Intervtf'W' 
) :00 pm - IlRE-DENTAl fNFORMATION SESSION 
AltnlS"ons PoliCies. applICatIOn strategIes andseleo,on of 
schools (for admISSion III 1988/ WIll be ClIscussed Career 
SeNlCes Center 
4:)0-6:)0 pm - Texas Instrun-ents Will De hiere on 
carrpus to gIVe it presentauon alJout thie" company as 
well as potentral opportunitIes for IndIVIdual> WIth a 
tKhnlcal maj or Interested In a sales pos'tIOn Everyone 
InVIted to attend Revelle Formal Lounge 
WEDNESDAY 
I D:OO .... - INTERVIEWING SKILlS WORKSHOP Do 
you need help In preparrng for JOb Intervrews? Career 
SeNlces Center WIll provIde ups on the best way,; to 
present your quall flcauons and wtlat kIna of InteNIl'W 
questlOlls to exp<.'Ct 
11 : .10 ..... - ON-CA MPUS INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTATION 1f)'OU are Interested In partiCipating In 

••••••••••••• 

I 

••••••••••••• 
.-" 

""' . "-~. 
..... """ .. , 

. . 

t . 
• 

~I 
".HI. 
/""~ 
I,., "", 

''''''''H','I 
''''H,,,,,,)I 

10:00-11:)0 ..... - ' Amerrcan Edwards Laboratory WIll 
be here on campus to gIve a presentatron for any students 
Interested In havIng an Inter\llCW or w anung to know 
more InfOrmatIon about the company Itself Career 
ServICes Center 
1:)0 pm - THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. 
learn how to construa cl state-of-the-art re')ulT'Ie that wll 
make you sklnd out from the crOWd. Career SeM Ces. 
):00 pili - FINDING THE HIDDEN JOB M ARKET 80% 
o f all .JOb vacanoes are unadverused TIl" workshop WIll 
te<tCh you the most effectIve way to find them Career 
SeN"es 
6 :00-7:)0 pm - Shelby F,ne Arts Company IMII be here 
on campus to grve a presentatIon Everyor-e " I/'Mted to 
attend Revelle r~mal Lounge 
FRIDAY 
10:00 ...... , :00 pm - Free lUtOnng available In Math, 
~ICS , BIOlogy, ChemIStry. EconomiCS, Slitt"tlCS and 
Computer Scrence Stuay Tables can also be drr anged You 
find three trrends and we Will find the tutor 534-22BO Hl 
1254 
I : 00 pm - O N -C AM PU S INTERVIEWIN G 
ORIENTATION If you are Intere'ted In partlop tlng In 
the Career ScNlCes Center's orrcampus IntervieWIng 
program this quarter, It IS mandatory that you attend o ne 
of these onentat,ons before)'OU InteNlew Careel SeN lces 
Center 
2:30 pm - INTERVIEWING SKILlS WORKSHOP Do you 

d help In prepa""\i for JOb rntervrews? Careeer 
SeN"e, Center WIll provide tiPS on the best wilY' to 
present your QU(tllf.CCtl lons and whett kInd o f Ifllerv,ew 
ques trons to expect 
SAruROAY 
9:00 .... - ):00 pm - IDENTIFYING YOUR CAR EER 
lin all day workshop to Identify "'able career optIOns 
through extenSive self-assessment SIgn up by TI1Ursday, 
Janu<try 22 Career SeNlCe , Fee l iD 

, , 

b 

SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 
MONDAY-FRIDAY 
10:00 _2:OOp ... - Has a cold bug caught you? Find 
relref this quarter I From 10 to 2. Man-FII. at the Student 
Health Advocate-run COld ClInIC at the Student Health 
SeN ICe Fro out how to iIIIOId thie ne.t cold bug or 
COmpilcatrorrs o f a coldl QuestIOns? Call 534-2419. 
Student Health. 1st noor. Free 
ruESDAY 
12:00-1 :00 pili - I hope )'OU spent Monday 
COntemplating /rIe. the ur1lVerse ¥ld )'OUr navel. and o f 
course. bIrth control. I(s a cosmrc sUQiect WIth a milkY 
w ay Con-e learn aooul them, no. not from Carf Sagan. but 
Irom your friendly IntergalactiC Student Health Advocate. 
Second floor lounge, Student Health. 
WEDNESDAY 
12:00-1 ,00 pm - an No. Not The RED ROOMI Yes, the 
lounge IS beIng used this Wedr-esday for a meetrng (but 
It S not as Important as dISCUSSIng birth controll. Therefore. 
the Birth Cont rol SessIOn regularly scheduled for the 
lounge Will be held In thie Infamous Red Iblm - con-e and 
see for )'OUrself Student Health 
THURSDAY 
12:00-1:00 pm - Old your Mam o r Dad force mIlk on 
you? How 'IJout SPInach? Well they were rrghtl CalCium 
and Iron are two bIg nutrrtlOnal needs o f w omen Learn 
rnore a ut women·s sexual health and nutritIonal needs 

t tI-e Well Woman SesSIOn. Second Floor Lounge. Student 
Health 
J!OO-4:)o pili - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANC~ ABUS~ 
GROUP FOR WOMEN. Women students of any age or 
I "story WIth suOStances are welcome. Led by Sara Arraya 
dnd Debbie Allen Call Sara at 534- 3875 lor Info rmation 
and SIgn-Up 
FRIDAY 
21OO-4cOO pm - ALCOHOL AND SUSTANCE ABUSE 
GROUP. If you've ever asked "00 I ~ a problem?" 
cnancrs are )'OU do have a few things to talk about. 
Students of any ~ or history with SubStances art' 
wekome Led by Dan Munoz and Debbie Allen. Call Dan 
at 534- 15 79 fOr Informatron and Sign-up Revelle PrOllOS!'! 
Office 

= 

----------------------

1100 pili - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. In thie unIVerSIty Lutheran Church. 
MONDAY 
7.00 pm - AsIan Americarl ChnStlan Fellowshp InvItes 
you to come hiear IN Rifkin from Jews tor Jesus speak on 
the toprc of WI(nesSlng to trr Jewish We encourage you 
to JOIn us for an evenIng of fellowshIp. Internallonal 
Center 
TUESDAY 
7:10 pm - Tuesday Night DISCUSSIOn Group 00 you 
have questIons alJout your faith ? Jarn athier Catholics In 
an Infot,",,1 d,scusSIon of Important modern ISSUes. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student CoordInators. 
lJnlverSlty Luther an ChurCh, Torrey PInes & La Jolla 
Shores. 
WEDNESDAY 
S:OO pm - "Crossways" bIble SlUay led by Pastor Huber. 
everyone welcome. lk1lVerSlty l utheran Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Dr 
6:00 pili - Student supper, followed by Brble study at 
7.00 pm on thie book o f Revelauon. In the lk1lVerSlty 
Lutheran Church. 
a.oo pm - "TracIng our )ewrsh/ ChrrsDan Roots In thie 
Holy Land. " a color slide presentation by Pastor Huber. 
WIll Introduce a weekly semInar. "ChrlS~anlty ClasSiC " All 
are welcome. unrverSlty Lutheran Churdl. 9595 La ..blla 
Shores Drive. 
9:10 pIII- CandlelIght Mass Sponsored by the CatholIC 
Student CoordInators at UCSD. A qUIet. medrtaave tIme 
for shanng WIth others In the univerSIty Lutheran Church. 
THURSDAY 
S:4S pili - The Thursday DInner All YOU CAN €A TI 
Homemade food and great company Sponsored by thie 
Cathol,c Student CoordInators In the unIverSIty Lutheran 
Church. AdmissIOn 12 
7 •• 11110 pm - united Campus MInIStry spornsor> 
weekly Bible Study JoIn us fo r a tln-e of learning and a 
tlfne of fejlOWShip Meet other ChrIStIans on campus 
U.C.M . IS the Campus MInIStry o f the PresbyterIan, 
Methodrst DISCIPles, and un,ted Church o f ChrISt 
churches All senous seekers are welcome Meets at Sun 
House. corner o f Eads and Kline. La ..blla. 
FltlDAY 
7100 pm - ChI Alpha Chrrstran Fellov.tshlp WIll be 
meetIng. In thie Chancellor's COfTllle. IliA 
SUNDAY 
8:00 & 10:00 am - EpIScopal Cnurch Worship ServIce ' 
Sunday EUCharrst and rallsh fellOWShIp. Good Samarrtan 
Epscopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. at east end of 
campus north of La ..blla Village Dr .. corner of Eastgate 
Mall & Genesee. 
a:JO .... - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Communrty at UCSD In the UnrverSlty Lutheran Church. 
corner of Torrey Pines & La ..blla Shores 
10:00 __ - Lutheran Worshp SCNKe Li1rverSlty 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La ..blla Shores DrIVe 
1 1100 __ - Catholrc Mass, Sponsored by the Catho',c 
Communrty at UCSO. In the Student Center, Bldg B Soum 
Conf. Rm. 
11.00 ... - Catholic Mass at UnIverSIty Lutheran 
Churen. sponsored by CatholIC Community at UCSD. 
IlOO pili - Catholic Mass.' Sponsored by the Cathofic 
Commurity at UCSO. At the University Lutheran Church. 
T()(r~ Pines & La Jolla Shores. 
LIICTUIIE 
MONDAY 
IlOO pM - Club Bic/Mea WIll host .. progam on 
"Pr~ing for admiSSIOn to medical school." All ~ome. 
2105 Bonner Hall 
WEDNESDAY 
S.30-7 • .I0 pm - Califo rnia DemographICS ' I(S 
ImplicatIOns and cnallenges. presented by Alan NIShto 
In formal quesDon and answer lecture Sponsored by 
ASUCSD. III PH 103 
ORGANlZAnONS 
MONDAY 
4:00 pm - Pre-Dental Club meetIng North Conference 
Room 
4:OO-S:OO pm - Come to the fIrst meeting o f thie 
Drabetlc Support G roup tI'Vs quarter FInd out wI .. t we 're 
all <lbollt - Jus t fOI the l reck 01 It. 2nd floor. Student 
Health 
WEDNESDAY 
4:00 pm - Student Cognltrve ScIence SoCiety presents 
Dr Robert lMngstorH film. The Human Brarn " 3545 
Psych & l Ing anne. 
• .00 pm - Skateboard Club meeting TIllS" our first 
mandatory meellng, be there for the rad future plans 
Ready To Shred (RTS/ Skate Club Meet ou tSIde Revelle 
0;,11 For mOre Info contact Steve (436-4832) 
THURSDAY 
7:10 pm - I"ael Awon ommllt"" WIll show a free 
movre - "BC)Qnd the Walls . . TI leme o f movre - can 
AI ails & .Jews unit ? Mu" APL Lounge Free 
RECREATION 
SATURDAY 
- Cro,,-COUllt ry , KI CliIy -trip to Mt ~lr l kKlIltO Includt·, 
transportatIOn. skIS. poles, boots. InstructIOn, tram tICket. 
SIgn up at CanyotMew $30. 
9aOO --'.00 pili - learn to tune-up your car or one 
SImIlar to)'OUrs lWe WIll travel to a local garage filled WIth 
tOOls dnd ('!l\llnf'" .,v,lI l<tblefor 'wldHJ(1 c<p/'rrClKe 811ng 
yow OW" <..11 " you w"" CU>l 114 Info J)'lOnc 44037 
11 ,)0 .. m - I :)0 P'" - UCSD Inlt'rr'k1t10ndl L/ub wt ,"e 
WiHchlng E:x( UP,lOn Tltl(c[s mu)t lX' purd Id::.t"d by 

r(j~!>(J(ty 20 J~lrlULtry .tt Jt1tl'rn .. UtOfl, 11 ( '(llC' O fft«' , 5S 
ENTERTAIN MENT 
WEDNESDAY 
7:00 pm - UCSD INTI RNAfIONAl (lUI:IIILM SLI~I~~ 

F-Lt nrlY'-~nd AI(')(.tI1Uc·, d ~edl\'1 film dH tX ll''t1 Pi irl<jrl'kl( 
8t'1 gfT)drl IIw til \t 01 tour him') t)f WIrl{C'( ij 1 Adml\\h.Jrl 

'r~·(· Intt'H\.tl/Ol1LI' ( ( 'Iller W lH"'KJtO 

r ut' tltlY,jWt llUlY 20. 198 7 '~ 9 

UCSD University Events Office. presents 
• 

" IT'S FUNNY, IT'S TOUCHING, 
A CLASSIC!" 

• 

remonl~S 
arkOId 
Men 

Tony-Award Winning 

NEGRO ENSEMBLE 
COMPANY 

January 23, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $10.00, Students $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $8.00 

LecturelPeifonnance 
GRAHAM NASH 

January 30, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $9.00, Students $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $8.00 

coming 500n~ •• 
. SONNY ROLLINS 
February 18 

LEON REDBONE 
February 27 

EMERSON STRING 
QUARTET 

January 24, Saturday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $17.00, UCSD st. $5.50 

Jazz Guitari .st 
LARRy CARLTON 
January 31, Saturday, 8 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
GA. $15.00, Students $10.00 

UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $13.00 

Contemporary Dance 

BUCKET DANCE 
THEATRE 

February 6, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

GA. $10.00, Students $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $8.00 
TlCK"~~~_ UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 _______ ----' 



Easy breathing with new research 
By BARAK KASSAR. scaff Wncn 

W ITH new fitness centers popping up In numerous 
locations, the discussIon of 
exercise routines dominating 
cocktail party conversation and 
the decline of the number of 
smokE:rs In this country, It is 
apparent that people want to 
know how to best preserve their 
heart , lungs and overall physIcal 
conditlon. ome people will do 
anything to find the answers to 
the never-ending health 
quesllons. Dr. John B. West is 
one of them. 

Mount Everest In 19tH . 
The .500,000 expeditlon wa 

organized In 1977. It was funded 
m pan by the American Lung 
AsSOCIation and the allonal 
Heart . Lung and Blood Institute. 
The purpo e was to study short 
and long term effects of hIgh 
altirude conditions, as well as 
individual variations In adapting 
to them. IX world class 
mountalneenng speciahsts, six 
clJmbmg ph>'sicians. eight other 
scientIsts and 40 Sherpa gUIdes 
(Tibetan people hving in the 

lepalese Himalaya ) made up 

"There are many accounts of 
hallucinations. , . made by many climbers " 

-Dr. John B. West 
WeSt. a professor of mediCine 

and research phYSIOlogist at the 
UCSD School of MediCine's 
Pulmonary Research Laboratory, 
has set out PO delermlne the 
effects of - not smokmg or 
obeslry - but mountain 
climbi ng. 

This native Australian has 
devoted hIS career to finding the 
physiological basis of lung 
disease whICh has Involved him 
in exclUng expeditions. High 
altitude experiments have taken 
West. hIS colleagues and 
portable labs into several 
mount am ranges - including 
the Himalayas and the Andes. 
West also directed the American 
Medical Research Expediuon to 

the exped mon . 
West and hIS aSSOC1ateS 

conducted hIgh altitude 
physiological expenments on the 
expedition team members 
themselves at th e 21 ,000 foot 
based camp. Results from 
measurements taken before and 
dIrectly after the expedition 
showed that "there is increasing 
eVidence to sugge t that anyone 
limbi ng over 24,000 feet may be 

risking lasting impairments to 
the shon and long term memory 
systems, as well as cognmve and 
motOr skills ," West said . 

He continued to explain that 
the oxygen levels in the air 
decrease as the altitude 
inc reases. This leads to a lack of 

Prodigal Poet 
vl~ ; wDck ~:ffiti 

el this is almost my 
~ ~ home , and this stair-

well , a nd these walls , 
they deface , at any 
hour, and 
I'd have been 
expelled! 
And Taxpayers l 
This IS almost my 
home, where is 
the university goi ng? 
There's one of them now. 
red handed . 
"You're one of them." 

(trash 
"Are you on drugs)" 

pollutIng my !tfe 
"Did your mOlher all ow thl ~ )" ~ 

my WIfe ) 
"Do you hate country?" 
I love mme, '{f 
and my mother \ 
a i gOl a WIfe , a kmg bed , and tenure . 
ull thIS bad clement. IDi 

this unkept fee!tng, 
the e child ren 01 Y()ur~ , / fI 
follow me home from the staIrwell walls. 
to vandalJze my wife\ body la te 
at night. 
"I work hard ." 

oxygen in the tlS ues , a 
ondition known as hypoxia . 
ymptoms such as nausea, 

heada hes and mental confusion 
can sometimes appear as low as 
6,000 feet. Mental confusion can 
be ritical on a sheer 
mountainface where all the 
senses need to be functioning 
perfectly. 

Astoundingly, before the 1981 
• expedition. long-term effects of 

hypoxia were given little 
arrentlOn. A cording to We t, 
trekking to extreme altitudes 
without s uppl~mentary oxygen 
has unfortunately now be ome 
the thing to do among many 
mountain limbers; he believes 
that this new trend makes his 
research perrinent. 

"It is importanr that th e 
med ical community be better 
informed about these 
possibilities," West said . 

According to the UCSD School 
of Medicine , researchers have 
long known that hypoxia affects 
the shon-term neuro-
psychological func tioning. Some 
of the earliest reports came from 
the climbers themselves. There 
are many accounts of 
hallucinations, bizarre be havior 
and sometimes disastrous 
Irranonal deciSIOns made by 
climbers during expeditions. 

West has done studies on 
Francis S. Smythe, a pioneering 
Bmish climer who climbed 
Mount Everest in 1933. Smythe 
reponed a pulsating cloud-like 

Please lum 10 page 13 

Counterclockwise - Dr. West and one of the highest inhabitants in northern 
Chile; Dr. West in his pulmonary research laboratory; members of the medical 
expedition to Everest; Dr. West is econd from left. 

1 '. 

Following a 
UCSD graduate 
By DIANE RIGDON, tun Wn/(r • 

L U Y Killea, Democratic Assemblywoman. is a genuine UCSD success 
story, Representing San Diego's 
78th Assembly District, Killea is 
out to prove that Sacramento 
does not have a monopoly on 
the state's talented politicians. 
She's also doing her pan to 
prove that the political arena is 
as much a place for women as it 
is for men. 

KilIea, a 1975 UCSD graduate , 
is one of only 11 women in the 
California State Assembly. Elected 

San Antonio, Texas. She went to 
UCSD in the late 1960's to 
pursue a Ph.D. in history. She 
was a married woman with two 
teenage sons at the time and 
became an A-minus student and 
fluent in Spanish. 

Killea said that she was 
something of an ' oddball" as a 
pan-time student because she 
represented the business world , 
which clashed with the ideology 
of the majority of the students at 
the time. As a history T.A., Killea 
found herself in a classroom that 

Assemblywoman Lucy Killea is a 1975 UCSD alumna. 

in 1982 and serving her third 
two-year term, she continues to 
be an active politician and was 
recently appointed as a chair of 
the committee on 
Intergovernmental Relations and 
Intemational Trade. 

Killea was not the typical 
UCSD student. She obtained her 
B.A. degree in her hometown of 

Photo--
graphers 
meeting 
Thursday 
Jari.22 

12:00 pin 
,-at the 

Guardian 

resembled a battleground as her 
students were prepared to 
oppose her ideas vehemently. 
She used this experience at 
UCSD as a litmus test for 
politics. Killea confessed, "I ate it 
up." 

Translating her UCSD 
academic success into corporate 
success, Killea became vice 

preSident of ·"Fronteras de las 
Callfomias," a United States -
MeXican border consulting 
group. ull maintaining strong 
links wuh UCSD, Killea pushed 
strongly in the Assembly for the 
new School of Intemational 
Relations to be located at UCSD. 
She succeeded 'despite intense 
lobbying from the UC's at 
Berkeley and Los Angeles. She 
presently belongs to the 
Assembly Committee on 
Economic Development and New 
Technologies, which monitors 
UCSD's supercomputer program. 
Her former political posi tions 
include Deputy Mayor of San 
Diego, City Councilwoman, and 
City Planning Commissioner, 
and she was the first woman 
trustee of the San Diego Zoo. 
Killea served as Eleanor 
Roosevelt 's personal secretary in 
1946. 

Killea is a relaxed woman who 
maintains an animated and 
vigorous approach to li fe . 
California j ournal, a political 
magaZine , said of Killea in 
January 1984, "(She) is regarded 
as a hard worker whose 
experience in local govemment 
puts her ahead of most ... " A 
month earlier, the same 
magazine referred to her as a 
"local legend ." 

Killea's ambitions have nOt ye t 
been realized . She considered 
running for mayor of San Diego 
in the last election. She loves San 
Diego and would rather not 
leave; however, "if someone 
would offer me a fabulous 
appointment to a wonderful 
position in Washington, D.C. , I 
might consider it if it's the right 
job with the right 
administration ," she said. Killea 
views women in politics as being 
at a "plateau period right now in 
the government. We'll peak 
again. We're 50 percent in city 
councils. It's the trickle up 
theory." 

In a 1986 TV campaign, Killea 
was shown running around town 
in her red jogging suit. This ad 
is more than appropriate; if 
Killea isn't running on the street, 
she's most likely running for 
another political offi ce . It's 
difficult to keep up with Lucy 
K iIIea. [l;i) 

Tucsduy, January 20, 1987 II 
FEAnJRES 

~Fractions-
W E travel to Lake Tahoe first class and arrive at the comforts that a half-million dollar chale t brings. Your voice whispers in my ear, and it tickles; your fingers 
running through my hair, you body moving like Gi nger Rogers on 
the dance floor, these things inspire me to sing you a song. 

Later, back at home I squeeze my Opus doll in bed , having said 
"good night" eanier and exchanging our first wet kI SS. There's a 
knock at my bedroom door, and quickly I put on some pajama 
pants, ·come in ," I say, and there you stand. In your hands are twO 
glasses of iced tea, a pack of cards, and your pillow, ready to play 
poker for Hershey's Kisses till 4 am. During the 18th game, we 
become silent, look over and stare into each other's eyes. I can feel 
the knot of rejection in my stomach being overpowered by desi re. 
"Lay with me," I ask, cuddling innocently next to your feet, and we 
do. 

Beyond the strong feature s of your face , I began to notice how 
beautiful you reaUy are. Soft to the touch and an airy, Greta Garbo-
like vo ice, unmistakably feminine , moving gracefuly in my arms as 
if taught proper etiquette . You make me shiver. 

Anmher day, the sound of shower ""'liter wakes me. I can see the 
clouds spelling S-T-O- R-M any moment. Your first words, still 
dripping, are a Joke that's not particularly funny; then your 
scrambled eggs are runny and I tell you. You become upsel and take 
a walk. I get Into my car to find you. 

In town lives a man who steals away women using his good looks , 
show off skiing and a cherry Ferrari whose license plate reads EAT 
THIS. He has the bucks, and my girlfriend is far from home without 
any money hitc:lhiking to the main strip of town. He appears to her 
the gallant knt:,;ht in the ensuing foul weather, but he has other 
plans. taking her favor the wrong way and taking her the wrong 
way. Near the woods, not far from home bur how would you know, 
he stops the car and says, "All my life I've loved you. You are the 
madonna of madonnas and I must have you." He jumps to the 
passenger's seat with roving blistering fingers . 

As his tires bum rubber on the pave ment you ask yourself if 
slapping hi s face and demanding to be let our wasn 't the right thing 
to do. After all , that blizzard the tourist industry has been praying 
for is about to begin in earnest. I begin to search the woods in our 
backyard, the only place I have yet to check, after beating up a 
transient forest dweller, a pervert , when I ove rheard Ricardo, Mr. 
EAT THIS, bragging to a couple lumbe~acks how had just "bagged a 
venus." 

I saw you standing about a quaner-mile away. Instead of calling 
your name, I gamble that you will not move , I begin walking towards 
you. Although your head is pointing down I am not sure if you have 
seen me. Suddenly you lift your eyes and yell out my name, only to 
be drowned out by a giant burst of thunder .. . we advance to 
embrace warmly and laugh at our foolishn_ess. The storm subsides. 

We celebrate the new year here , butthe final day arrives, and we 
who have sampled the finer side of living now return to the nitry-
gritty of books, work and rush-hour traffIC. One can only hope that 
we will find time for each other, and have the same romantic fu n as 
we did tripping the light aboard a paddle boat. 

- An Saiuar 

" 



. 12 Tutsd,~y. January 20. 1987 

THE UCSD GUAIlDIAN IS LOCATED SOUTHEAST OF REVELLE PLAZA, NEXT TO THE CHE CAFE. 

The home of the 
39¢ ham.burger. 

·r 

I u~valra'dm &!lall. 
i 7 140 Miram a r Rd. San Diego 
u....~~-_ -!!! -_ !!! !!!-_ !!!-_!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!! ...... -.JJ 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder" with Cheese. lar~e Fry. 

I I Medium- ize oft Drink , -.. , d", I ,,' ., I "'" II 
I I Limit "n,' lllupon p"r Just $1.99 1,11 I I custllml' r . pl'r \ hit . Pk',lSl.' 
I rr,·s.· nt ",ul'"n ""h"n (plus tax) II I urJ,· rlng. Of v.III,1 with .IIlY 

I I nlh"r "tkr. Only at: II 
I I 7140 Miramar Rd. 'I 
~ :~;'~;";_o 1987 an Dieg0@j 

==-.Hii----------- ~ 
------- -----------

~ 

WRITING 
CONTEST 

FEBRUARY 1987 
~NDERGRADUA TE WRITERS 

Join the UCSD Literature Department's 
Commemoration of 

Black History Month 
• STORIES . POEMS . BIOGRAPHIES • 

• ESSAYS . CREA TlVE • ANAL YTlCAL • 

PRIZES 
The Dean Of Arts & Humanities 

as Co-sponsor is offering 
First Prize: $300 

Second Prize: $200 
Third Prize: $ 100 

Further information can be obtained in TCHB 110. 
Deadline for submission: January 30, 1987. 

I 

-/\ 

~ { IllAllll"AIIC~ 

00 

tan LInes 
TANNING SAlON & SI/VlMoNEAA 

• FREE INTRODUCTORY 
SESSION! 

• 10 VISITS FOR 
ONLY $30 

-GRAND OPENING-
Prices thru 
1/31/87 

s.,turday, January 24 
9am - 4pm 

$14 students & Rec Card holders 
$16 all others 

Easy 
breathing 
Continued from page 10 
object in the sky and he also 
beheved tha t he was 
accompanied by another climber 
at the higher alt itudes. 

West advises climbers and 
skiers that a nonnal healthy body 
can adapt to altitudes as h igh as 
18,000 feet afte r a few weeks of 
gradual acclimatization. To avoid 
exhaustion and hypoxia at 
higher altitudes. a cli mber must 

. cut his or her work load by at 
least a half. Nonnally. climbers 
rely on supplementary oxygen at 
altitudes above 24.000 feet , West 
explains. 

While on a recent trip [0 
Chile , West was the first 
phYSiologist in fifty years to visit 
Aucanquicha in the nonh . There 
he found four men , caretakers of 
a sulfur mine. "These miners are 
hving at an altitude nevcr 
thought po sible. YCt they pursue 
demanding duties with no 
obselVable impediment other 
than the fact that their skin has 
turned blue. It is an impressive 
demonstration of the human 
body's ability to adapt to extreme 
enviromental stress, which in 
this case was oxygen 
deprivation." West said . 

He explained that the miners 
are born from many generations 
of Andeans and have a "genetic 
predisposition" for sUlViving at 
extreme altitudes. 

West hopes to return soon 10 
AucanqUilchla to perform 
extensive phYSiological research 
on these four men . Maybe some 
of th is researc h will lead to the 
discovety of high alt itude air 
which can add years to a hiker's 
life - a T revi fountain in the 
peaks? 
- Suzanne Lifsoll contributed to 
this story . 

LOW COST 
AUTOlrtSURMCf 
Need not be expensive ~ our 

quotes are always free. 
Oak Laf 

I nsurance Agency 

~ 
4540 Keary Villa Rd. "210 

/"lear 8alboa Ave. ~ 163 
San Diego. CA 9212.5 

Special College 
student Program 

560-9055 

tat taken: 
WID you test as 

weD as you teach? 

KAPlAN! 
r ......... Id·. 1udJ.,. 

.. , P ..... o ... nbaclon. 

4780 lalremonl Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego. CA 92 117-2006 

(619) 277-67H 

- U 
Tuesday. January 20. 1987 13 

FEATURES 

1---------------------------, I EUAS IIAlR DESIGlY I 
I 
I 
I 
I ._. 
I ' . 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I $5.00 Off! 
Lift Ticket Price 

with Student I.D. 
(midwt't'k, non-holiday) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

$5 $5 
orF OFF 
(""'1011 (""'mlt 

0111111 011",1 

"'_"''''''''' I(ell ........, -.I .. ., IJO I~ If' ~ up) 
1Jj,."..., ..... $.JO I,.",. Utli • fIMI lUI, -I 

s,edIII.,. wIIao ... ~ 1/118' 

I _____ ~-------~-------------I 737 furl St.. u.k>lla .f§U10 

OFFICE WITH A VIEW 
The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-

perience that will last a lifetime. 
Working at a professional level that ordinarily might 

take years of apprenticeship back home, volunteers find 
the career growth they're looking for and enjoy a unique 
experience in the developing world . 

International firms and government agencies value 
the skills and knowledge mastered during Peace Corps 
service. 

-

INFO TABLE: 

FILM/INFO MEE!IN~ 
~ 

INTERVIEWS: 

SENIORS - APPLY NOW! 
INTERVIEWS ON CAMPUS - FEB. 2 & 3 

MONDAY THRU WEDNESDAY, JAN. 26-28, 
AT THE "HUMP" 
10:00-2:30pm 

MONDAY. JAN. 26. 3:00pm 
AND 

TUESDAY. JAN. 27. 1:30pm 
AT 

THE CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

FEB. 2 & 3 (SIGN-UPS BEGIN JAN. 26) 
AT THE CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

Applications are avoilable al Career Services Center and at Info 
table. and MUST be completed before the interview. 

Peace Corps 
The Toughest Job You 'l l Ever Love. 



A.S. News 
.ir Member of the U 0 Cnmmunu}. 
fu.1 enter the )oC(.'ond half \,1 In) ferm J~ 1~n:~IJI,."OI vf thi: ~~J.HcJ ",(uJ"'nt!) I Jm j1muJ III ... ,1) Ih.1I In) .. IUlknt 

govcrmncm .tdmlnlstrJuon hJ" d4,;l.:nmph ... ~d .1 gr .... n Jedl w bcm'r thi,.· Ilk ,,1 'fIUJl."nb .II liC .. D 
Lookmg bark on (he rdtl qU.UIL'r.IWll J l ' P.lrtflll·llh (.If .he A ~ stJnd OUI lh l" A ~ L \(\.'rn.tIAII,m" L~)bh)' .lnJ ,-\ ~ 

ITogr.1mmlng Dunng the m,mth ",I o... lt)bt..r ,h\.' b..tl' rn .. 1 ~fI.Jlr!) Lohh) pl.lnnl'u JdMll"t!n kl'} .. (.l It.' pnlJ1tNlhlll' 
,hoII lilrc(.ri) JlTc<':lcd ~IUJcntS. >ptm~m·cJ.1 numh .... r \,f polllll .. JI L.mulu.ttl." il.lrumy . .lt1U r..:ghIL'H,.'U dth\.' hi lUX) 

~tudcn'" ff~r (he November -4 dl'\..uun A.., Prngr.Jmrmng pullL·J nil unt.' ,lithe hlggl"ll'\,\.·m, .. 11th,,' )",,'Jr \, nh th,' 
BG1F CI,..\nl·C'n rCdlUnng I~' Blbh:r., In .1uuullm there \'1,."1\.' klur l>ther 1 U !'I .• 111 c\ldll'!lt 1.lm ..... ·III' ... lill' Lwnlng 
~1f thc ~pvkcn \VonJ " .mu thl.· AlGO C",mpuIl'r \-tu ... ". l\hlolllt.'n 

The rem,under ollhc A ~ Lllunl..ll ... \\uric hJ~ tK'cn lkmc In pn..'pJ,r.Hl lll1 ",ll'\cm~h' I.lke pIJ,\,.\,.·111I"4uJ,rll·r I hI..' 
A ~ -\J·HlX I\irkmg Commlltc~ \~11I1x unlh:r "J) th l~ Wlmcr Itll..omc up with "K)lnt' \1.lhk "OIUI II1O ... III Ihl' 

pru~cm s mJn) !>lUdl'nb Jrc cnlllUntl'rtng \\ hlk PJrkmg l'n \..Jtnpu ... A'" t.....·\..Iun: ~IHl'''' h,l>. 1:.\PJ!lJ,:u III 31 
I..IJ~~·~ . II ll\'Cr th(,H .til ume high 0110, 17Y ... IUI..1l'nh wlil he· dOing \uluntCI..'r \wrk .1 ..... fC"'UIt Ill lh l.' nl..· "t,.· ... t A ~ 
~I'\"ICC, Thl..· \'lliuntct,.'1' CllO nedlllO. tht: A" 'ew~kth:r ",11 ~ n:k'J.~.'J thl:) tn'1nth In ~m.' .I l1l11n'lI1ul..'j)lh look ,II 
tOC pnlp,'ll'" I.urn·nd) under "J} ,.IOU m l"pwln 10 lunhl'r dct.lll tht.' nlJ,nnl'r In \\ hl\..h Stur.km .~II\"II) f 1..'\.':"1 ,Irl' 
... pt'n\ , Thl' lIL Rt·gl·llI ... ~m,,·I')C.'l lkrnrt nil LlIWl'f DI\hIUn I JUI.. JIIOn h.J ... pmmptl'J dgrl'J,I JI..·.I IIII Wilrloi 1,,11" Ih,,' A ~ 
AI...HJcml\. AllJlrs Ll»nmb~lllO .and (\'I\lp"·r.tll\-l· W~)rk \\'lIh Ihl.' Ll.!-oO AI..JJl·mll.. '"".'n~Hl· '" 1..· '\I"M.'tlcJ, \ IW\~ 

.A1Il'rrull\,~ nll'UIJ, \itl}Ifl(.f \11Ib..4:;:lllt will hi,.' rdl'.I ... ·o lUl..'r Ihl .. qu.lnl'r, 1 h,,' 1'1..'1 urn 111 J lull> ')pt.·I.Htng TIP"> 1 J'\ I 
"'oc1'\11..t.' "I ll ht· l·nl·UIH' upun.m .lppmwJ HhurJnll' r)l.llil> nf.1 lill.ll l...lb lllmp.m}. ",llIi..h I) C\pcu~u tll ~ 
:!oIJrnl..'tJme Ih l'l mlmth.lhl..' A .... "r\m~A\'u"lt} h(IJ.rJ. Jbo knl'",n .1.) Trllon \\ '.lv(,~.""llI be pnHldlngglw ·.I\\.I) ... JI 
lour bJ,skl'th.11I solml· ... tlm,'c v'1l1crh.l1l g.um· ... ,mu J ... Wlm mect (hh ~u,m('r J S \lo'\:'ll J S :tt.lnlng J I...lmpu ... \qdl.' 
(.1mp.ugn I.rl'J,flng hlghef \ .... thdH) Inr L'DD Al hb,.'tll. ... lhl· 1~7 ~n Glld I e!tll'.tt LtllnmltlCI' \Iott! lx' 1..11ntHlumg 
ll'k:lr prcp.ar.1110n h'rJ, Ihrel.' u.l} 11..'.:,11\'.11 on \I.t} tt. ~. Jnd IO.u)mplclev. uh ndc!t. pmfc!'l"llInJIgJITIl' houll" .IIlJ..I1 
ICaSlllOl' big Ildme lOnCCft. JntJ The AJI('rllJllvC' Hou)lng ~uJ)' ulmnmtCC ",'III tx (l101lnulng thl'lr'h1rk ,"tlrJl'l 
[Q hJ.\·1' ..I flnJI dOlurnt.·m pn'PJrt'd by Itl\.' beginning 01 thl' Spnng 4u.1rh.'r :.o.Idling the il'..blbllny 111 JIIl..'rn.III'-l' 
hOUSing JI UC,O 

I htlp.· It 1:-. eVIdent Ih.n m)' pmml5l''' In 1.1:>1 :.pnng:, f..'.1mp.llgn plJllnrm. The I llur 1\'lIlt PLm," .Irl' ~ll.',ltltl}' 
hcm& met 

PVIOt Numlx'r \Jnc. ProgrJmmmg proolbl'u 11,'\' TG ~ per qUJrh:r. hlgg.:r 1'Ullll' runJ ... .. 1 gU·.lIl'l l1umhl'l ill 
~JX'dkl'l"!t hl (om(' to Ue~D. cuhurdll'\'l'nh, mllll." nl'll.lOliITIC "lmll'rt'\. ,InJ don.U1ng In) ...... 1 .. 1) hHh\' rmgrJlnlnlng 
huogct Of toc 31X three h.ln' nl" l.:llmp!t.' ll'Iy ~l'n ml'l 1 hI) lIu.u'Il'r Wl' \\ III h... ,lIIl'mpling lil .IUI'.I \.. I mllr\.' 
)pi.'dkcl' k'l:lUrc ('\'Cnt3 th.m l)UI' llOl' pt.·rlvrm.tnlC' I.bt 4UJ.na. t.:wnmg llf Itl\' Sp..1k('n \ \ IIrJ 1 h\.· nllllOllme 
lonl.l·n I' .. !.ue 1.· .. nlC unJer I.rl' 1.J.31 ~pnng hc\.Ju~· ullJluh) I.Um~Jlnb hUI .I lUmpr.,m l"!\.· I ... nclngJu"'mpt",u Jnu 
Ihb WIn!t'f ... hllUlo 3I.'C ..I rl'3Urg~nlc III nl.Kmtlm~ l'ntl.'rt.J lnrnl..·m W!'lfl) . nUl Cultur.11 Pn~r.l!lll1l1ng Bu • .lIJ I~ .. 1111 
""'011110& lor n,,' p'1O!J(,'!) Ir\lm \'JI'IOU3 \.ultu rJI !)(uJCnI Il rgJnl:JUllO .. hl gl\ '''' Il1pUt If,) our Ummb !'lIUnl'f 0 1 
pfugmmmmg It I" l·"PCI.l,,·J th.1I thl) ht,.HU Witl hI". m lutl ~lnJl' b)' (hl' rllluult.' " I Iht-. 4uJfta . 

POint :".umbl.'r T"I). UCSl) Alhlctll~ . pmmp'l'J ml'lll "rl·oIh.' ,h(' A.~ ~P')lh .'\I.U\'I[) BUJrJ I hi ... b..lJIJ b,I'" hl'l'll 
hJnl Jt "ork punning l'\Cnt:ll 1111 thl) qUJftl'r \Vc lJn tx cxp.'lIlng gIYCJ,\IoJ.}':. .. 1 Ih,,' g"ln,,·~ , mtnlJlUfl' "CM 
h.lnner:;. Ul he hung In Ih,,' 1111llO Puh. ,I UC~l) IIghl ~mg dnJ .I l.1Il1pU)\,/,'loe Jlhk'lIl \I ... lhlhc) ~.,"lPJIgn :tll11ILtl' h) 
th.u t.)!lhI.' 8 ~ 100 r,ldJl) !)tdlilln In JJdIU,ln Ih\.' A.., \\111 be Inw~tlgJllng Ihl' 1I',I~lhlllt) 01 .I 1)1\ .... UUl III Ill(lIhJII 

pr\~r.lln 04nt.J Io'-hJIIYP'" of ll'mnUUlnent It .... I)uld 1'('4u1rc lln I:X'hJ If l,j Ih,,' "'IU~.kOl:o II I ... J gu,l(j hcl lhl'lrwill bc-J 
rcfl'rcno.J 4lW..~(Jlln regMumg Ihl ... 1 ... ~UI.· m 1m.- Spnng 

I\)lnt I umt"':r 1 hrec C,lmmunl\,dll llO . h,l~ ocrn J \'cry l"J:)} unl.' [ll juJrlil.,lnJ I .1m dllu..tllr .')urpn ..... ·J prl'\, lou ') 
JdmlOl:.Ir.mvn ... h.td nO( JtI\.'mp'\,.'tJ Ihl:, ""!'Jut: In Ihe ITIJnnef "-I.hll'h I hdWlh)nc 1 h,,' mllnlhl} ~.ltl·,)1 rh\,o <-tmpu~ 
AJJrc!'l.')t.'!'l hJ\'l' Ix'cn Il.'nlf ... In Inlnrm IOg ~rUUl'm\ 01 thl' 13!'~!' IhJt IhI.: A,!) I.') t.. ... khng In ... uulilun . I h.ln.' b.,.'l·n 
giving d \Io\'·l..'kl} HUmp!)IUl' (holt" on I(!,DT rJdl,1 loU\)v.'lng our A S Cuun\,11 ml·l.·ungs Jno u.')mg l)lJr ..IJwrtl"ng 

~PJ-l't' In 1 hl (.,uanlwtl ~ A!) Bullelln InIH\' dll·\.l!\,d)' by I'l'll'd~lng Inlmm.Juun SUI,:" .b uur .mnu.tl bUUgl'1 I tn.1I1)" 
llur (ir~1 A~ l·W.Jl·Ul'l wall n.". uunpll'l&."J uunng the flr~t Il"~ \Iol·l·b of Ihl' \Vlnlcr 4Wftl'r Hnpt.'lulI)' n) Il.'..ll. hlng 
l)Ut W s(lk.ll'm~ '1''(' I,;.!n n...·gln Il' r.:JUl.e thJt h,)n'lhlt.· thing t.:JIb.·u .. nH.knt Jp .. th} 

Llsd)'. PUlnl Numtx.'r F\)ur, "'luJl'nl '·f\·I'-l· ... hd!. I.l'l'ol ll.·U.1 gn·.Jt Jl'Jl ul chJngc", ll hln ::M.lm'-·\\lltk·(llll"l· ... ln Ihc 
)(Udl'm G..'ntL'l' AS U.'IlUfC '\,)t,,'S !)eC\'llC h,h tx·l.'n l·xp.JnJl'd Il) In ..Iii 11m&." high J.nJ.lgll.11. ul51) d.b!:>C~ h.c-.Ix· .. .'n 
SCII'1r [he ~pnng, the (jRW\! (..II\.' hdS Ib Il,,,,t :o4..'tlll·U Jnu t) JttrJ\,lIng In .. rn..t=tng Jrn"unr 01 bU~llwss. AlII.' rn.lth-l' 
HOUSing IS bl.'mg pU~Ul'J \,/,1lhlO Ihl' Ahl·rn .. lIl'l' H\lU~l ng ~uO) Lum mUH.·t.' .Ind K!:>Dl hll_,klng 10 C',",p.lOd thclr 
l Jbl{' 10 Nnnh Coun£} .lnJ In thL' Jurm~ \" lt h Ih"'lung fJ,ngt..' gOJlul In rec h\..l·lbl· Al1l)' Iht.' ~· arc t.:.lmp..lIgn 

proml!loC ~ t"\,I1 Jrl' bt.·lng lnC't Th.: I) nl)' ('Iha ~IUOl'Ol ",-'rVI(C pfoml~t: , th(' I. n ' JIh>O I)l JI1 AS ~lllk<;hln.· I!!I stili 111 !Ill' 
hrJ In..,..ormtng !tldgt.·,:;. HlW.'l·\'l·I. :-.tll1ll'thmg '" (hl~ .JIC'.l mol)' Ix- \I""hle hclort.' m)' Il'rlll In ",llIlt: 13 \,,\lmpklt:J 

In umdu!)lon I wl)uluJU!l1 hkl' Il} J)'lhJIII hJ~ h.,,·I..·n .. grt:Jl )I'Jr ~ iolf J,nJ I .1m b..km& lur\\, .J 1 (n ,hc :->l'l'llClO 
h.JlIlll m) lerm Thl'l'Ielllon pn'bkm~ lJ~t ~pnng bJ ... t\..dlly klU\.'d \111 .III bullhl.'ll"'l "~Ck \llllur Il'n11 111 thl' "'pring 
lIU.lrtl'r Jno fl·l.l"'l'I} frllm Ih~, In ... t Il ml' h.J~ Ill'l'll !l41mcwh~I(Jd l l\,u lt "Ipt.· ... klllgIJn hch.llt Ullh b}'L'.U·:I r\::, Cllun"ll 
1 \, I n b~ure }'t.'u IhJt unlll I)ur [(fm In Il(j,,, I..' &."nu:, In mHJ ·~r:ng 4lUnl..'r l·:\,I.')ung pl'~l'I..I"" III ht: mmpk-tcd .InJ 
nc~ prOjCLt) \01.111 ht: I:k:gu n" nil JgrcJll'llIhu .. I.lsm J no dl'Uh,JII"m IOl'nhJ.n,,\·th,·ltk llr Iht>!tI.·I"'·llpk IhJ, [ d "'\,ll'U 
~. Iht.' unJl'rgf.JolUll· :-' IU Ut.'nt~ III LGO 

Notice: 

Jlhn P w'lk) 
Pn.· .. IJl·nl 
~~llI..IJll·J ')(utk.·llh'ltJHb-cO 

Attention All Student Organizations 

As the popularity of free advenising in the ASUCSD Bulletin becomes more and 
more popular, we have found it necessary to limit the advertising of student 
organizations. Please note that only 3 ads per quaner will be aUowed from now on. 
Also, ads will be run on a first come first serve basis, so get them early, and ptease 
have them typed. 

Would you like to be published? 
TheJournJl11( L nurrgr..luu.lll· Rl· .. I.·.Irlh ..In "nnu.11 PUhlIL.J(hln . ~III puhll!'lh .lm1 rC:;.L'Jllh PJpL'fS InduJlngll'ltll..JI 
1.·)SIl}3 from thc hlxr.11 Jrb_ \,'\p..tnJl·o ({Tin P<'per:-.. U>n o\.' n!'ll'J ."tI..'nlllr~ .tnJ hllnOf .. Ihl' .. '· ... In 'm lillllng)" 
l'u)O.,mll .... PlIIHI\,dl ~cml.l'. "'''-llllltgy hll.'r.1luf\.' Jnd thl' \'hu.1I .1ft:. JI!.o. nnglOJI phl)l\ lgr.lj')h ... \,Jrlillolno; Jnd 
Jrt\'ollrl ...... 111 b.,. • .Jlll'ptl·U II }OU .lIt.' oll~) Intl·ll·!.led "1 \-,lIIUllh:l'llllg )our mnl' working .. :In lhl' jllurnJ,I ... genl'rJI 
mn'ung "'III b.,.. hdJ J~n lllr1l111 ").; In fhl.' ~luhl·Purp\J!M,.' Ruum Qul· ... llun .. ' 1....111 5}-+ }1J17 

It is cotd season . .. 
H~ d I.:olu 1..lughl up with }'l..lU) lind a·hd Jnu,,"'mkm hlflh{' ~}·lI1ptl1Jn ... ..II IhL' !:>IuJCnt Hl'Jhh AJ wh. . .lt,,· run( .\~ d 
Cllnll \.tlml·nll'ntl)-llll.Jtl·J Jt "lluJl'm Ill' .. lth ")1,,'1'\ Ill' \llln·1 n 10· 2. Ll·..Irn hiM' 1\1 hdp )'our.)(·lf prl'Wnt (he nexi 
pQ!:I)lbk \,l,lcJ \\'JOI mln,-' mfll"l1.HlllO' LJ,II H\"thh 1-. duI...JIIlln J t 5}+·2-fl(} 

Israel Action Committee 
Israel AUlllO Cnmmntl'l' .... 111 )hu\ .. ..I fRt-I MUVIE H.,'YWIJ lilt \\ulh J.IO 21 - I hur:.t.iJY 7 30 pm MUll Apt 
Lounge T hcml'Lm AI' Jb3 JnJ Jl'W!> Unltl')' 

eed a nde? 
GlVinS .. fide ) Llvmg .1" .1) kim'"", rIl.J)'ix·' III tf)lIlg 10 Ir.l~k JI""d' J r.lre Jlhum' ~~l)1 Will h.: !)(Jrtlng J n"',, 
'tCf\II.,,' \' .lIil.'J Ihl' l1LLLl 11' BtlARD. whl·rl.' }nur lll'l'U'" \ wlthm r,,'.l:')(.nllJl'l ht· dll lhllmll·c.I ml" Iht.' oIlr I III mlln' 
lOll) .. tl)P b) Ih,,' h.~Dl Ilf I.llntJ"t Ikth TJmll~6k) .11 5H·Jb7J 

Proressional ROlicery Organization 
Thl' PI ull·!.!.11tno.ll KlIlIll'l) Ol~.lrll.:.llltln ",II hI". Ih,IJlng It .. 1"1 .ll1nUJIIIlJ,J(Ii 1l.'.1gu\' bJ-,I,.'b.ltI orJh Wl'~' III J r.lh 
pl.J}l·r-. [I) Illrm tl'Jm~ 1\11' !TI\I/,' m/\mnJthm .1~'Ul Ih\· JI.ilL I1l11l' .IIlJ IOl.Hllln ~onld'" "I11..·\l'.1I 41') I,)~ 1 1),I\l'l. 
I~ k'Jlhng lhl' h.bk,,· lb.tll k'Jgu~' 'o\..ltl1 4 7~ )"lInb 

Lecture Notes SefVIce 
A::J ll'lIUI" !\(Ul'~ "It,.·I\'ll..l· I ... l.O\I..'llIlg JO d.I'o.)l·~ thl..., 4u.u1l.'f' In ,IJJIllun h'lhl'" \\,,' hJ\'l' J \\ IJl' \.111\:1> 1II 111J nllll..· .. 
"-lwcnng pI'" IllU..., 4UJn"' !t - Illr ,Vlh "Ill\) }lH.I ,,In r~"I'I\-L' 10 ""'I'~'1 1 "urrnH kl..tUI1..' nl'll· ... I,I/" \1 ....... )\IU 1ll.1) 
bt.- l'nmlll'liln (,tHnl..' hy Ihe .,lllll.· Itk.J'I..'J .Jlfll ...... fltll1llhl' I, .. HJ (_I ... lp JoJ "'-'l' rh"'lhl ,II "I,b""':" ht.'lIlg \l lll·lt·J 
DonI \\..111 III rh\·lht IIlU1UIl \lIJII-ll1b ,Ill' ~pph)..Idllng' t-It~u .... 10·" ,I(-+tl.D~ 

al.onally AcclaImed speaker at Revelle Plaza! 
Intl·I'-\'.a~II) Lhn .. II.1I1 I ,%I\t:->hIP Pll·!M.·llh <-III"" I\n,,'dllk ..Ill \'\"I1.;dhm ",P'·\..I. IIt ... l \\ hI! hJ. .... IPIll'.un.f.1( ll\ l'l ")(l 
Unl\'l'r31tIl" lI..1lhllmllk Udk Will hI". h"tumg.ln IlpI.'ll 'J II IlINm \!O w'1.'\dk' 1~,l=J 1 Ul·.,.JJ)' Ihll'u~h I hU/..,J.I}.1I I 
pm dno I nw) Jt nl""n .1Ilt.! '1'111 ht.. "'p"·JklO)I,.Jt Rl·\I'II,· " • .tI"ll·lIo.I Ihur-ou.1\ .11 7 k) pill 

To All Sludent Leader", 
H,I\C you ,,'VC I thoughl of" h~u n,· .. '"m',hllu) ~IKJ IllJ) hl hJhk I,'l II J 111l'11I0..-'l,1 )'tlUI .1 1~ll..lIZ.III\11l h lIIJUfl·J.II.I 
.. pt)lhurl'li ('\'l'IlI' rhl' PRI. ·L\\\ ll}o(tJ..\.\,I/A 11l):\:,it L( ..,0 ....... p'"l .... 1nn~ J ,t.;ldUp It.lhltn)" l~lrUtl1 ,,11111, Utltlllln.1 
I.Jn he dl"'CU3~U JIIU~U("U~llh \,In bt, ~lIhWl'll"tj ~<,t\'J e\pt.-II'I 1m Ihl '1uhW\.!tll IIJhl"l) \\ 11 11llJkl' up"'" p.llwl III 
'>pt: Jka., 1m ItILR)ll\) j:\." \HY 22 .II -; l\.1 pill III tI'Ill h.ln. dl.ll .. ("IIIP"'''\ R\1111 \ 1St.: thut' Illlu,d .llll 
"I",... 1I' .. I ..... tn ... lhk ... '~~~' 

Muslim !>tudcnl A~soc,,"on 
bpkJ",,·JIIIJllIhM.lI1 .. l rh." "'l kJ ml'l'tJn~"'llIt \ "'\J1I .11 1.lIlllJ,) ltl Ihl 11/11. hIIJ~.hll 1II11 1.,\ 1111'11\ n 
l ....... n-ft)oJH ')mtJ ...... U ..... I<l1lI fl" \\ Illludl \11'1I.1~~ 1111 ... ,.1111 Md.lliol hd\"~\I1\1I,1 .. llIlh.If'lJI '1l\I.hllln~. 
[tit' \tlr.!...k uf [t}!.· \~UI.lfl .IoJ I In) i11,1!l- ""UU,·1l1-. II1ll·Il· ... il·d .lIl'\Iol'l. IIlll 1.1 p.UIII 111I1l' In Ihl ''''''''''~''I!I 11)1 
rn,)r\ Inl.mrwtlilfl ... 111 :\:Jh.11 f \'\( 4~l),\f 

IB3 UJILILIE TllN 
The Sludelll ognitivc Science Sociery presents: 
I"~ IluII .. HI Hhllll. III ll\'lng .. ltm ... 1.1I11.,u .. lllm AI .lur 11~ '\1 IIll'l'lln~ \\ ,-. \\ ill h,l\l' lll ~1,f}t.'11 1.1\ Ing"' hHl ... U)·11.I11I1" 
UIIIII'Ull'I ~1.lpllll ..... ldm t'l1 till' .. II U\.tUll· ... , ... uLl (1Ig.lIl1:.lIl1ln","11 Ihl' hlJltl 1\" .... lhl\· \' \l'l1h II1dud l' .. tn .... h) I,'lult) 
1,'11 ~I "' I>I..'I. " III \"l,~lHlI\l' ~\'ll·lIl. l· .InJ .... k..I.11 h,}UI .... Tilt' Ill l'&."lIllg h Wl·JIlI..· ... lI.,) . J.IOU.II)· II .It ... pm III 3545 1\.\lL 
":'\.1\ \l hl' LIllI' (,11111\,.,'111) hll mIll" II1l l' \.\ml.ld l.. luk ~utnn \d.u~\(/I ..... ht,...., l,l' ; 3-f ·,)4f.JO 

Muir College Semi-Formal 
\1.II~ }\'UI l.IkndJI Inr tlk' P,lIt} I,.)llh,,· H',II IItlj.111U.I I) ll ... ttl I hI.' dIRnl·r· J.lIll..l· \\tIlI,lkl' 1'1.11..1.·.11 till·lItll,-·1 
11lI\'r\,llnJ llll·IlI.II .lnJ \\111 run II\,lm 7 pm III t .lIn 1h\.' Incldenuli\l'llI prl1\IJ,,· lh,,· IllU .. I, UU) )" )Url llkl'1 1111\\.11 
\1l) \1 But hlU I) hl·l.IU ..... ·.1I noo n un \\ l·dlll' ... dJ} . 1.II1U.II) 2~. tht.' p'I~1' \\ 111 Ilimp up 1111111 ~ 17 xl hi "IH I,)J po..·r 
tX·I .. \.n 1)1 111 1 It'fgl'l II }OU mh.., tlu ... nl·'U )'1)ull l"ll..· lhl· \1I1I} 1)11,,·1 

Furure California Residenls? This conc"rns you! 
L1111llllll.1 Dl'nh'gfJphll~ "'luJ) III ... llIh ... . JI ... mhullllll , '·n.ll ... ull ... III. ... , l'll \lljwpulJullO ... "lIhlll<... .lllil )rnl.1 li nd 
IIU( Iw\\ th\.' l.km\lgr.lphh .... III the '1IJ. It.' \\·IIl.,IfL·ll )I1UI IUIUfl' .mJ ,hl' !lIfUl'l' uilith !.l .II!..',11 Ihl..' m l,)II1lJI kdur.: 
"uhfurnla Demographics: Ie 's implicauons and challenges" .1I 1\ILT ..... m 11 .1111 03. \\'l'Jnl·,:;.J.I}'.JJnuJ,I) 11 '; 3() 
7 pm 

Sludent Organization Nighl 
Thl..· '>l'umJ ,tllnu.tl /~UL"Il) ~(udent L)~,1nl:,ItIOn Nlghl I) .1lmlN l'k're l The olg IlIght willi ..... ImJJnUJry H . JI 
7 3l) pm In Ihl.' m.lln ID 10 I hl.' lu ... kl·l b,IH Il',lIn "'III 1')1.' l.:1II npl1 illS dg..lln .. ( 1Ill' Ull"IJlul CI,lrl..·llll lnt-MuJJ l.olk·gl' 

~ul\\h.,g .. )\,ur \lrgJlll:.lIlllO h.b thl' 11PI)\)/funlt} ttl \\10 N. \..·ount tl'k: m. 50 P.IJIt.'~ ~'J,~)(1 opellt.'r Illkl'b Tilt,.' 
1'.IUrl·'" Will h..: plJ}mg Iht.' "\ I GI.lnt ... I hl.' \.111) Ihll1& )'l1Ur Inemhi..'r!t \'111 hJ\'c III UU b gil to lhl' g.11n\.' Jl1d 1x· .1') 
hn"'-" nhnl1l(ltlu!t "' ll.l~ll ,II1U )'J,u ll...II ..... lh\·) pll~!. lb l)' (JI1 Jnu hJ\l' .JgnnJ 11I11l' J llIngu l Thl.: .. ,' Will be .1~tn .. I1I,,·l, 
\\ hl l h \\ dl.IIWJ} .. I .... · put hJ.lk IIltO ~Up l:h " llng Ie !'Jport~ Illlp...· '"u ShllW 1)1' )'IIU w\)n Igu ttl .3l.'l' 111l' l'.IJr\, .... pli)· lm 
Arm) 13. I \k'7 II 1 "e YllU thl.'ft.·1 

MENS BASKETBALL 

"Student Organ ization Night" 

at 

UCSD Gym 
Triton Top Guns 

vs 

Claremont-Mudd College 
7:30 pm 

Saturday, Jan . 24 

50 Padres Tickets for most 
spirited organization! 

free t-shins 10 first 175 

A.S. Programming Presents 

-

T.G.I.F 
-Skalypso Rock-

Jan 23 
4:30 pm 

Gym Steps 

A.S. Film, Series 

Wednesday, 8 pm HSS 2250 

The World AccO/-ding to Carp 

'" 1 (Xl.1I dUtlr 7) .Il h11\ 1111lu' 
"5 W Il1rmlx'r,hlp L.Hd J\.,iI •• hk ,II h", .,Illu· 

I 

.~.-.~.~.-.-.~.-.~.-.-.-.~.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-~.~ ! - , 
• • i Come to the annual i i i I sportswriters meeting . 
I Thursday at 5:00 pm 
i at the Guardian office 
! 

l_.~._._._._.~._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.J 

CommentalY-

7uL",day, JIII'uury 20, J 987 15 

UCSD tops Point Lorna 
By JONATHAN SCHRETER SwffWn1fY 

T HE Top Gun theme that the UC 0 men 's basketball team has been promoting 
all season could not have been 
more appropnate Saturday night 
against Point Lorna Nazarene. 

UCSD had only beaten the 
Crusaders o nce in the four years 
Tom Marshall has been the 
Tntons head coach. but any fears 
fo r losmg we re aU for naught as 
John amtignon made to of the 
14 shots , i ncludmg two three 
p ointe rs , to ledd th e Tri tons to 
their seve nth straight wm with a 
90-74 vic tory over the Crusaders 
in front of 250 spectators. 

Samtignon, Bnan Backens and 
Greg K,Imansky co mbined for 68 
pOints, whic h included Backens' 
12 for 13 and Kamansky's for 
8 performances from the free 
throw line (Backens is now 90 
fo r 100 from the line and 
working toward the school 
record). Andy Jedynak and Ick 
Capuano had 18 of UCSD's 41 
. rebounds to help on the boards. 

Point Loma fell behind early, 
due to some exceptionally strong 
Triton defense , which forced key 
turnovers in the first half. This , 
combined with their incredible 
display of rebounding, gave 
UC D a 39-29 cushlOn at 
halftime. 

A strong effon by the 
C rusader's Steve Bruce, who had 
24 points, and Greg Lanthier (15 
points and 8 relhund s) fell short 

a Pomt Loma could only come 
Wlthm six pomts of the Tritons 

Marshall was quite pleased 
With the night's performance but 
gave the credIt to the players 
coming off the bench The UCSD 
bench had IS POIntS and ) 4 
rebounds, Including nine from 
Capuano. ' Our bench has 
become very valuable. Their 

co nsistent good play gives the 
starters really valuable rest tlme 
and keeps us fresh into the 
second half." said MarshaU. 

The Tritons hI! the road for 
their next game agamst Southern 
Cahfornla College but will rerurn 
home on the 24th to face 
Claremont-Mudd College on 
Student O rgani zation Night. ~ 

Tips for B-ball tots 
Recruiting the blue-chippies 

By Al MCGUIRE 

T HERE are , ) think, some things that aU 17-year-old Jocks should know about 
,hat annual, on-going rite of 
college basketball called 
recruiti ng. 

It is, after all, the time when 
these kids make the second 
greatest deCision of their lives . 
The first is when they decide 
who they're going to many. Aild 
normally, they meet the girl they 
eventually ask down the aisle at 
the university they dCClde to 
attend . 

The last time a blue chip , high 
school basketball player sees the 
college coach smI le . is when he's 
being recruited. For the next four 
year , the parents WIll to go to a 

Please tum to page J 6 

Will Gridiron glory , solve spiritproblerns? 
By THOMAS ROSS 

T HE University of California, San Diego. When people hear these 
five words, their immediate 

~eaction is always, "Yes, UCSD is 
an outstanding academiC 
university." The reaction usually 
ends there. Almost no one who 
has at least heard of UCSD 
knows anything about thc sc hool 
outside of Its academic 
reputation . UC D is widely 
recognized as one of the top 
universities in the United States, 
yet has almost no reputation as 
an athletic powerhousc. While 
this problem may not aflrct 
those who have come here solely 
to attain,! degree, it does have a 
scverc adverse effect on the more 
well -rounded students. who have 
Interests outside of the 
classroolll . UC D is one of only 
three or four universilies on the 

we~t coast thaI docs not have an 
intercolleglale football team and I 
think il's about time thaI we got 
one. 

Altending college football 
games is a key pan of the 
complete college expcnence. 
SOl11e of the be t memones I 
have Ilf high chool revolve 
around fomball games anti thc 
celclmltlons before anu <lher 
them. fool ball games <lct u an 
II11PIJrt.lnt soc ",I event on mlbt 
wllese cam puS(' , ,md U f) 
despcmtely need s thiS t>'pc III 
spint·hulldlng event . The 
cnmmuery th,lI I neall'll within 
the ~tutknt bl1dy dunng Illotball 
gal11l'~ can be equalled hy nt1 
llthel ~pOI1 I he cheelk,ldcrs. 

the mascots, the actual 
competitive feeling - thesc arc 
all being missed by UCSD 
students because of the lack of 
football . Even the Guardian 
recently ran a two-part covcr 
story on the dwindling Spirit ' 
among UCSD students, citing 
poor attendance at intercollegiate 
events such as socce r and 
volleyball , despite the fact Ihat 
thcse teams are among the top 
in the nation . I feel that spiri t 
created by football would ca tc h 
fire and spark interest among 
fans in other SPOI1S" Spin! is 
contagiOUS; the UCSD football 
team would boost attendance at 
other ports events and would 
create a more relaxed , festive 
attitude among the students. ThiS 
campus reeks of sIre s, and a 
football game every Saturday 
would be an excellent outlet to 
release this evere tension. 

There is no good reason why 
UCSD should not have a football 
team. I realize that the student 
body itself voted against having a 
team several years ago, but I 
think attitudes have changed 
anJ the student body would now 
welcome the sport with open 
alms. Even students who don 't 
c.lre much for footbJll would 
prohably attend thl' game:> JU t to 

. Involved socl,llIy anJ 
spiritually. The team l:Ould play 
on the soccer field until a better 
flcld WJS found or constructed, 
so I,Ick of a playmg fIeld WlJuld 
be no prohlem. The U D 
,IUrnlnlSlr.Hllln may feci that 
fontb,11I would dctract from the 

academIC environment, but this 
would not happen . Eve n 
Stanford and Harvard , two of the 
grcatest universities in the world, 
have football teams. Thus. the 
only possible drawback tha t 
could occur would be lack of 
money. But UCSD seems to be 
very strong financially , as shown 
by the continuous construction 
on campus, drastically increasing 
enrollment and higher tUItion 
rates for the coming year. Every 
area of the school seems to be 
operating in the black, and 
football would not hun this 
s ituation. More than likely, after 
a few years of bring a finanCial 
burden, the football team would 
become self· upporting and 
eventually even a money-maker. 

The mo r. dl fftcult pan of 
starting a football team herc at 
UCSD would be Just getting it off 
the glOund . It could be started by 
the athletic dep.mment by 
placing flyers and nouces on the 
v,lrious bulletin boards around 
campus asking Interested 
students to come Iry out for the 
team Of course, a coach would 
have to be founu or taken from 
Ihe athkuc dcp~,"ment . but Ihis 
should be no problem A 1110rt' 
pl.lUslhlc , t,1Tt for (he team would 
be to copy the example "4:t by 
U ~ant.l Barb.ml. At U B. thc 
team slarted a~ a dub 
clllnpcuunn , where a group (If 
Jauchn., u!>Cd I he UC B n,ll11e 

and fidd to crealC a (eJm. After a 
couple ),ear. of plaYIng vanous 
other dub and college teams, the 
tcam wa~ pickeu up by the 

sc hool's athletiC department and 
became full>' endorsed . The 
UC D football team could also 
start thiS Wily. The parti Ipation 
of students In Intmmuml football 
shows that a shortage of 
Intert'stcd players would nor 
occur and the team could be 
fu lly functional in one year. The 
fi rst few !>CaSllO; would surely see 
the Triton gridders get killed by 
llIost CAA divisIon III teams, 
but the dynaSty has to stan 
somewhere. 

I think it's very appart'nt thai 
spirit is aU but dead at UC D. As 
a matter of fact, before I decided 
to come to UCSD, I asked a fifth 
year senior what the UCSD 
mascot was. After a few seconds 
he remembered It was the TrilOn 
solely because he remembered 
the Tnton Pub. This I a sad 
si tuatlon . No one know for sure 
what the sc hool olors are: blue 
and yellow, yellow and white , 
blue and white , or what? The 
number-one-ranked women's 

volleyball team averages less than 
200 fans per game , while my 
high sc hool of 2,100 students 
averaged well over 250 fans for a 
team which did not even make 
the playoffs. Something is very 
wrong with that 

The creation of a football team 
at UCSD would solve all of these 
problems, without creati ng any 
new ones. Spirit on and off 
campus would increase a 
hundred times over and 
everyone would have an event to 
plan their Saturday'S around . The 
football team would release 
tension among the students, 
would make UCSD a more 
familiar name to potential 
students, and would drastically 
increase interest among UC D 
alumnI. UCSD students are 
missing out on tailgate parties, 
rallies, post -game celebrations, 
and the competition of football 
itself. The UC D tudent body 
needs football! 

Football 
club meeting 
An informal meeting for all players and 

people interested in being involved with the 
football club will rake place Thursday.Jan. 22 at 
6 pm in TLH 104. 

, 



16 Tl,e'c/UY.jullu<lr) 2(1. Ie} i 
SPORTS 

Make a difference 

The 
Betta"'" 

BaIlPobtt Pea 89' 

••• 

Whatever the assignment, Pilot has the fonnula 
for writing comfort and precision. 

. Pilot's Better Ball Point Pen, in medium and fine points, 
lets you breeze through long note-taking sessions. In fact, 

we've made writer's fatigue a thing of the past! This crystal barreled 
veteran of the campus has a ribbed finger grip for continuous comfort 
and is perfectly balanced for effortless writing. Best of all , you'll never 
throw it out because it's refillable. 

The perfect teammate to the Better Ball Point Pen is Pilot's 
PencilierO.5mm mechanical pencil. h has a continuous lead feed 
system and a cushion tip that helps eliminate the frustration of lead 
breakage. The Penciller's jumbo eraser does the job cleanly while 
the ribbed grip offers the same comfort as the Better Ball Point Pen. 

Pick up the Pilot Team at your campus [ ] 
bookstore today ... The Better Ball PI LOY 
Point Pen and The Pencilier_ ' I • 

McGuire 
Continued from page 15 
noddmg aSSOCIation . and the 
coach will become dictatorial. 0 
right up front, there arc a lot of 
things that must be determined 
by this 17-year--old keeper who 
still has acne, and by the parents 
along with the high school 
coach , who nonnally an only 
SlOp a ballpla}er from going to a 
pan icular sc nool, bur for some 
reason never can convincc him 
to go 10 one. It's that tentative 
time when the kid thinks his 
hOrIzons are unlimi ted, that the 
tree is loaded with more apples 
than he can possibly eat and 
when thc college staff spends 
time with the high school coach 
after his games, moving the salt 
and pepper shakers over a beer 
to make hIm feel important. 

Enough. Let 's get down to the 
nirty-gritty, what the high sc hool 
blue chipper, the prospective 
college ai rcraft carrier to be, 
should be looking for when the 
coaches come looking for him. 

First of all , how far does he 
want to travel? Does he want 10 
get away, or does he wnm to be 
sure that hiS family and high 
school chums WIll be able to see 
hIm play? 

I think a ballplayer should 
pretty much stick to the type of 
environment he was brought up 
in . If he's City-oriented, then L.A., 
Chi -town, Atlanta or Dallas is 
fine . But when you stan talking 
Pullman, Oregon , Provo or Butte, 
or someplace like Idaho, things 
could be di ITicult for a kid used 
to concrete curbs, subways and 
L's, and the bustle of the Big 

IMPORTANT MEETING: 
DEALERS WANTEDI 

ROULE:TT€ BACC~R~T 
BLACI< JACI< POKE:R 
CHUCI~-A-LUCI< CRAP~ 

WHEEL-O-~ORTUNE 
ATIENTION 

011 CASINO NIGHT dealers & onyone interested 
in participa ting in the biggest fun-f illed event 
of the year: 

1 st MEETING 
for a ll CASINO NIGHT 1986 is Friday, Jan. 23,3-4 pm 
in the Recreation Gym Conference Room, 

IMPORTANT TO ATIEND 
Sign up at OCR next to Canyonview Pool 
& Racquetbal l Center. 

OCT' (6,oronn. 
E X," a. cam,.... recreal lon Dept of Physico I Education 

Apple hfestyle. 

onverscly, the choice can be 
ddTi ult for the rural. or suburban 
kId . He should look toward the 
Iowa or Nebm kas, or the 
Ch'lpel Hills, where the trees bud 
in the pnng, the grass is green, 
there are no smokestacks and 
the tractors are common. 

Weather also comes into it. If 
you're a snowbird . then there's 
an advantage in not going to the 
bayou areas, and vice-versa. A 
kid used to surfboards and dune 
buggies won't adapt weU to Ann 
Arbor, Michigan. That's why I 
finnly believe that a player has 
got to stay within his 
accustomed environment. If 
you're an aU-city player from 
Boston, Massachusens, for 
example. I doubt the University 
of Texas fi ts. 

A econd point: What type of 
education is the high school 
player looking for? 

Obviously, if he wants to 
major in deep sea diving, then 
the University of Utah juSt 
doesn't have the quahfications. 
On the other hand , If he wants 
hotel management, then Cornell 
or the University of Nevada -
Las Vegas would light up the 
scoreboard. See what I mean? 

The third thing a youngster 
should look at is the style of. play 
of the school and its coach. If 
our blue chipper is a one-on-
one, playground blacktop player, 
who is in transition oriented and 
an open court player, then 
Indiana of Princeton is a No-No. 
And , if he's a power-type, down-
low player who's phYSical, vety 
black and blue oriented, then he 

~ hould go (0 a sc hool where they 
pia), d ~Iow, Fred WarIng-type 
t('mpo , and walk with th(' b,lll, 
nOI II) UCLA, Las Vegas or 
Kentucky. 

A fourth fOlnt to consider is 
exposure . I the player wants 
national exposure, and TV 
packages, then he has to look for 
universities in the nrst two time 
zones, Eastem and Central, 
which are located ih population 
cemers, places which have the 
greater number of NBA clubs and 
also the lV exposure. That's to 
be found in conferences like the 
Big East, ACC and the Big Ten, 
where conference match-ups 
make the needle on the Neilson 
Ratings jump. 

Now, we get to the most 
important th ing. What is the 
prospective player's position on 
the team chatt? Who's ahead of 
him and who's behind him? 

The first is easy to determine. 
If you're a power forward and 
there are already three juniors on 
the roster ahead of you, the best 
bet is to look elsewhere. As to 
who's coming in behind you, just 
remember that you may be the 
greatest thing since .MilIer Beer, 
but if they recruit Michael Jordan 
behmd you the following year, 
then welcome to Pine CIty. 
Unfonunately, that IS the one 
thing thar cannot be foreseen . 

What helps, however, is If the 
high school player knows what 
the coach foresees his role to be. 
That is , what is his comparability 
- and compatibility - to the 
position? 

He must know if the coach is 
going to try to change him from 

Please tum to page 17 

Timeout 
Smoking is a nasty habit 

Drug scandals seem to be commonplace in 
thc NBA, but ex-NBA player Lorenzo Romar 
didn 't see any of it. 

'The NBA is what you make out of it," sa id 
Romar after AlA soundly trounccd UCSD 115-85. 
"If you want to do drugs, you'll find the people 
that do drugs." 

Romar played four seasons with the Golden 
State Warriors and one season with the 
Milwaukee Bucks. 

Did Romar sec any of these nefariOUS activllles 
goi ng on? Apparently not. "The worst thing I ever 
saw was Bob Lanier smoke a cigarette on the 
bench. That was bad." 

It's about time: Dick Vitale, ESPN premier 
colorful commentatOr, gave the rest of the non-

. cable viewing country a taste of his hoop hype 
in his debut as Keith Jackson's sidekick in ABC's 
debut of its college basketball coverage . 

One of Vitale's bright moments in the game 
came ;'" describing one of the Louisville scrubs 
with time runnmg Out, after Purdue had wrapped 
up the game: "Yeah , he's on my All-Airport -team 
- they look good carrying the bags from the 
airport , but they never play in the game." 

Redskins eliminated Chicago from the playoffs 
this year, but the Bears still have reason to 
celebrate . The rap song, "The Super Bowl 
Shuffie," has been nominated for a Grammy in 
the "BeSt Rhythm and Blues Performance by a 
Duo or Group with Vocal" category. 

And rwo Chicagoans were so impressed with 
thc song that th ey felt compclled to do a parody. 
The song is ca lled "Super Em BEARassed ," and 
here is part of the chorus: 

"We are the Bears, and we are through; 
"Altother Super Bowl was too good 10 be true. 
"Lihe aU Chicago teams, you knew we could; 
"We're not here [0 really gel harassed; 
"We 're just here [0 say we 're embarassed." 
Some quotes about the Padres taken from 

BasebaU's Greatest Insult s: 
"With the Padres, the most exciting thin£ was 

the San Diego Chi cken." - Fonner Padre Winfield 
"I've seen players retire early, or be mentally 

debilitated , just broken down by the experience 
of playing here ." - Dave Winfield 

"In aU my life , I'vc never been associated with 
such a natural born loser." - Former Padre Gene 
Richards ~ 

McGuire 
Continued from page 16 
No. I guard to o. 2 guard , or 
move him from power forward to 
a small forward . Or, if he plans 
to move him from high school 
center to college forward - a 
switch whIch seldom works, 
once a kid is used to playing 
with his back to the basket. So, 
before the name is signed on the 
dotted line, the high school 
player must have some idea of 
what his projec ted role will be ... 
and how soon he will play. 

A final point to look at, in that 
regard: Does the college coach 
who wants you traditionally over-
recruit? Are you, each year, going 
to have to defend your position 
because the coach brings in a 
constant over-excess amount of 
new players, some of whom were 
most likely tOld the same things 
as you? 

One other reminder. No 
matter what anybody says, there 
are only rwo ways of losing your 
sc holarship. One is by loss of 
ci tizenship , being outside the 

Talk it Kl\PPl\ Kl\PPl\ til\mml\ 
over 
witbus ... 
• Pregnancy termination 
• Birth control 
• Free pregnancy tests 
• PAP smears & Breast exams 
,..,., Family Planning 
..... Associates 

Medical Group 

SanD/ego 
5495 Alvarado Rd , 11200 
(6191287-8226 

The UCSD Journal oj 
Undergraduate Research 

Would you like to be published? 
The Journal of Undergraduate Research, an 
annual publication, will publish and research 
papers including critical essays from the liberal 
arts, expanded term papers, condensed seniors 
or honors theses from biology, economics, 
political science, sociology, .literature, and the 
visual arts . Also, original photographs, 
cartoons, and artwork will be accepted, 

If you are also interested in volunteering 
your time working on the Journal, a general 
meeting will be held Jan. 22 from 5~7 in the 

Multi~purpose room. Questions? 
Call 534-3917. 

would like to welcome 
our new initiate§ 

Lynn Anderson 
Courtney Bernes 
Chri sti ne Behrens 
Melisse· Boll i I')g 
Li z D' Ami cQ ~~; 

t . J Keren Den o. ,A~~ 
Auree Dens~ n.9 : 
Julie Downer 
Nency Frey 
Lise Gellieni 
Ci ndy Gong 
Monice Gonzelez 
Kere Goode 
Geyle Heirshberg 

Elizebeth Klippi 
Juli, Koppe 
Grece Liu 

.. ~'ts-~ '\-o~y 
M~!'1indp Moir 
Nodi ne Morbete 
Sl:lreronr Morri s 
An eliq,Ue Remi r ez 

) Co~r\eney Reed 
,Es·( ee Shepiro 

' M~lene St~mdel 
Meghen Stewerd 
Leure Weigel 
j ennifer Woodwerd 

Julie Horen , ~ eurie Wu 
Tiffeny Jones 

congratulations! 

FEBRUARY 2-5 8:00 PM Presented by the 
SPRECKELS THEATER 

nCKfTs: S37 . 30 20 00. 10 

J'JCI( .. ~~ 
At Mav Comoonv Mod Joelf 5 or..J CIVIC Center Bo~ OffICe 

I<:ke.rno'le< Cl\O(g ((>1Q) 278T1XS 
Chargellne (619)232-0800 

Tuesday, january 20, 1987 17 
SPORTS 

image of the university of 
commining a felony or 
something, and the other is by 
studies, by not keeping up yo ur 
grades. 

To sum up, this should not be 
a qUick-snap deciSion. The 
young players should realize that 
the coaches viSiting their houses 
and call ing thcm on the 
telephone are not throwing them 
a party. It's a rwo-way street. 
They can do good , and the kid 
can do good. It can be Park 
Avenue , but nothing'S Shangri-La. 
Right from the start, the kid 
should never be led to believe 
that the free lunch has suddenly 
been re-invented. ~ 

Quiz will debut neX! Monday. 

"Wh~never you feel like 
smokln' a clgarelte. Inst.ead of 
strlkln' up a match, strike up 
the band- the' Larry Hagman 
Special Stop Smokin' Wrist . 
Snappin' Red Rubber Band. 
Get one free from your 
American Cancer Society." 

~aCcod' 
H.AJR DESIGNS 

ClAIIlEMONT SQUARE 
( exT TO VONS) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NexT TO PIZZA HUT) ~100 
UNNERSm' TOWNE CENTRE 

(ACROSS fIlOM MANN THEATRE) 
4M-042O 

OI'EN 7 DAYS 
N'f'T, NOT NECESWV 

MNliICURlST AVAlLAIlE 

• 



'J 

18 Tuesday, ) <lI1uwy 20, lq87 

I 
Class/fted advertising space Is sold In 100-
character Increments . Each letter. 
punctuation mark and space between 
words Is considered a character. with 
caplUllleners counting as two characters. 
lhe rate per 100 charmers Is $I for 
students. $3 for fiICUlty and staff. and 54 
for others. Payment In advance Is 
required; therefore. ads must be mailed 
with a check (made out to The UCSD 
Guardlanl or presented In person. 
Deadlines are 4 pm Monday for 
Thursday's paper. 4 pm Thursday for 
Monday's paper. The Guardian reselVes 
the right to refuse any adllertlslng 
Including but not limited to 
companIonshIp ads . For more 
Information call 534-0466. lhe GuardIan. 
UCSD. 8-016. La Jolla. CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
R08ERTO'S DELIVERY call food 4 thought 
587-wild before 9:20 Sunday ttYU Thursday. 
12/9) 
Applications are now ""ailable for Revelle 
Orientation Leader, deadline is Jan. 20. Pick 
up ~p in the Revelle Deil1'S office. 11/22) 

To sign up for Pi Phi Rush, come to the Pi Phi 
Rush table in Revelle Plaza on Friday. 1/16 lcr 
2, Tuesday 1/20 lcr2, and Wednesday 1/21 
lcr2. 11/20) 
Mazatian college tour packages for Spring 
break are in. Flight reservations are selling 
out quick. Get yours in now. Call 755-3927 
for more info. /1/22) 

Why do you disagree with Jesus Christ7 
Cliffe will listen to you and answer your 
questions all this week on Revelle Plaza. 
/1/20) 
Hey Musidansl Apps are now ""ai/able in the 
Revelle Deil1'S office for the Revelle Program 
80ard Battle or the Bands that will be held 
Feb. 27 Prizes and Famel Deadline to ~ply is 
Tues Feb 17th. 11/22) 
1987- A great new year I Why7 'Cause Pi Phi's 
hereil1/201 

Revelle Commuter 8reakrast ... Wed. 1/18, . 
50¢ All you can eatl /1/20) 

Wanted: 50 Angels. Apply in person, January 
22-25 Go Pi Phil 11/20) 

Interested in playing women's intermural 
football7 Call Rita at 457-1637 or Marisa at 
259-8525. 11/20) 

AS internship office deadline for spring 
quarter internships is Friday, January 30 at 4 
pm. Stop ~ now for detailsl /1/29) 

PROVOCATIVE THINKERS. Inventors, 
Entrepreneurs. Subscribe to INVENT-
REPRENEUR. Features problems posed iI1d 
solved ~ companies, clubs, indivic1Jais. 
Sample issue S3, Eason Concepts, 40708 
Mahai/a, San Diego, CA 92122. II/IS) 

wok for Pi Phi's quarter page ad in this issue 
of the Guardian for Rush Information. 11/20) 

Kuan Ch'uan Fa, Chinese martial arts. New 
club meets Mon/Wed from 8:3cr10 pm in w. 
balco,,¥ of gym. Anyone interested in 
learning traditional Chinese Kung Fu and self 
defense srould attend mil1datory meeting 
this Wed. or call 453-9059. 11/20) 

PERSONALS 
Sig Kap - Diane Congratulations Love 
Cheryl. 11/20) 

Pi Phis Wear the wine and blue - After 
January 22-25you CiI1 too 7 Go Pi Phil /l/20) 

Congratulations to Delta Gamma's new 
initiates I Elizabeth A ., Kris, Jill, Michele, 
LAurie C, Robin, Valerie, julie, Coleen, Gina, 
Molly. Usa H., wn J., Julie J., Beth J ., Tami, 
Debbie. Michelle-Shari, Kiki, Beth P., Erin, 
TraCIe P.. Leah, Ar"¥ S., Ashley, Kimberly, 
Elizabeth W .. Cheryll Love your sisters of EI. 
DG. (1/26) 

Tahereh: Happy 21st. The time Is finally here 
to t/Yow away YOUF fake 10. We love youl 
M,L,A, & c. (1/20) 

Muir College is now accepting applications 
from academically qualified students to assist 
with Freshman and Transfer Student 
Orientation and Registration ruring June 
and July. Obtain a job referral at student 
employment and bring it to the Provost's 
office - 2126 HSS. Deadline: 1-28-87. 11/26) 

Go Pi Phi. (1/20) 

Hey Kirk: Don't forget to come see Cliffe all 
next wk on the plaza rrom 1-3. He has 
answers to your tough questions about God. 
See you there Ulys. (I/20) 

Afri~ Stuc¥, work. travell Now is the best 
time to explore. Info session - Tues, Jan 20, 
5-6 pm, Inn Center. (I/20) 
• 

Academically and CUlturally discover new 
aspects about your field of stuC¥. Learn from 
a new perspectivel Find out how at the EAP 
office - Inti Center 534-1123. 11/20) 

Alternative Ufestyles discussion group seeks 
partidpil1ts. Utopian ideals. cooperative 
living, intentional rriendship development, 
supportive Gestalt enVIronment. Free. 581-
1310. (6/4) 

A toast to the EK initiates, the fun has just 
begun - rrom the men or Pi Kappa Phi. 11/20) 

Signa Kappa CongratUlates all our new 
initiates I We are so proud of you I This year's 
gonna be great II 11/20) 

Go Pi Phil (1/20) 

Do you disagree with Christianity7 Ask Cliffe 
your questions all this week on Revelle Plaza. 
(1/201 
Spring Break is coming. Mazatlan is calling. 
Are you reaOj for the sunshine, the beaches, 
ttle parties . . . 7 Get your college tours 
reservations in now. 755-3927 for more info. 
11/22) 
Kappa Kappa Gamma - We're looking 
forward to a Monmouth Duol Love, Pi 8etta 
Phi. (I/20) 

Rene Chmelar, are you back at UCSDI Get in 
touch with Tom at 942-1918. Tom N . 11/22)' 

Annie - Get your Pi Phi arrow. January 22-
25. Go Pi Phi. (1/20) 

Sara - Gladyou'repsychedon Pi Phi. We are 
tool LM. and P'p. 11/20) 

Delta Sig Pledges, Great pledge party, the big 
day is coming. (1/20) 

Dave - Mazatlar> . 8e there/8reak 'B6was 
a blast I Debbie from wng Beach is going I Get 
)'Our act together 9JY or you 'lI be at rome 
while I'm drinking and dandng. Call Usa. 
453-4898. - Steve. 11/22) 

2 great summer internship programs with 
very early deadlines: -AMES lab, IOWA 
Chemistry, Physics, Math, CS, Engineering 
majors-must h""e completed JR y . by 
6/1/87. Application Deadline: 3/1/87. 
Lawrence 8erkeley lab, UC Physical & Ufe 
Sciences, CS, Engineering majors -
Application deadline: 2/1/87 interested7 
Contact the academic internship program at 
406 Warren Campus. (1/20) 

Suzie - Remember Spring 8reak in 
Mazatlan 7 Those guys from UCLA 7 We 
HAVE to go again I Call Robin and make your 
reservation ... I alreaOj didl 45crl063. -
Joil1n. (1/20) 

What's your rush7 Pi Beta Phi - January 22-
25 Go Pi Phi. 11/20) 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING: ~1. 75/pg. Student 
diSc. Fast. Pick up/delIVery. AnC¥ Laurence 
222-2345. 13/12) 

Got a VW7 I'll do anythIng rrom tune-ups to 
full rebuilds. Always the cheapest, and I make 
house calls l Le""e message for TIm at 4 52-
9104. 11/22) 

Legitimate full boC¥ massage at you rome or 
office. Male or female massage technidans. 
Call 285-0900. 11/29) 

Accu-writ Word Processing. Student rates. 
Pick-up/delivery. Call for appointment 530-
0516. 11/29) 

R08ERTO'S DELIVERY call food 4 thought 
587-wild before 9:20 Sunday thru Thursday. 
12/9) 
WORD PROCESSING, TYPING, EDITING. 
Student rates. In La Jolla. Call 454-6860. 
(1/22) 

Typing-Ph.Ds, MA.s, Legal, Medical, Term. 
RUSH JOBS. Marie 944-2880. (3/12) 

TUTORING. MATH /PHYSICS /CHEM. 
Guaranteed. Mark 461-7146. 11/20) 

TUTORING- private, math, chem, pt¥ics, 
econ, etc. UCSD grad 3 yrs. exper. Call JuC¥ 
457-0545. 11/22) 
Word Processing: on-campus Argo 437, 
papers, theses, dissertations; rushes taken. 
Roger Lo 455-9736. (3/12) 

G.O. Skates has quality skateboard 
equipment ""ailabie at low prices. 455-9182 
Ask for Gordon. {1/22} 

TYPING, double spaced SI.50, single spaced 
S2 per page, near UCSD Phone 279-3040. 
(2/12) 

WORD PROCESSING. professional. 7-day 
wk. exc English skills. Student rates. 755-
2683. (2/9) 

RESEARCH PAPERS, 15,278 availablel 
Catalog S2.oo. Research, 11322 Idaho, 
#206XT, Los Angeles 90025. Toll-Free Hot 
line: 800-351-0222, Ext. 33. Visa/MC or 
COD. (2/12) 
STUDENT TYPING - Word Processing! 
Resumes/ Copies. Rush OK. Student Rates. 
53crQ4 70. 12/12) 

HELP WANTED 

Receptionist-pamime. flexible hours. Duties 
to include typing. filing, answering prones 
and other misc office tasks. Hourly rate S5, 
Call .Jennifer to inquire at 481-2289. (1/26) 

8a~sitter /housekeeper. 7am -9ish. Mon-fri. 
Del Mar area. Salary negotiable. 755-0524. 
11/20) 

WANTED 
Teacher wanted part time for pre-sctuol 
movement program. S6 hr to start.ElCpeI'ience 
v..orking with chilaen needed. Must h"-Ie 
car for tril1sportation to north county areas. 
call 576-1732. 11/20) 

Bassist wanted for jazz/rock group at UCSD. 
Pro attitude a must. call Kevin, 453-8558. 
11/22) 
Models/Talent Males & females for ads, 
catalogues, magazines & commerdal work. 
Prestige Modeling /Talent Agency. 942-
7307. (6/4) 

FOR SALE ' 
VW 72 bug. Excellent condition. Runs great I 
Rebuilt engine - smog certified - new 
uprolstry - new paInt. nice looking car. Must 
sell. Le""lng U.S. 280-54 77 or 543-9884. 
(1/20) 

'77BUICK REGALExcelientpower, rully 
loaded, low milesl Great Buy. SS70 MId1ael 
457- 5131· 11/20) 

1984 Nissan Sentr". 2 door,S speed, 30 mpg: 
Silver. sheepskins, excellem condItion. lIke 
new new am/fm cassette. tIres. L:LJ.cn. 
brakes, 53500. Call 452· 1327. P/22) 

1978 V .W . Rabbit excellent transportation 
best offer over S800. 481-2901 Eves. 
Weekends. (1/22) 

78 Datsun FlO, Ssp. good condo in/out, xlnt 4 
speaker stereo with equalizer, S900/0b0. 
Jon 587-3615. (1/20) 

Stereo Fisher SOw /ch separate tuner amp 
tape turntable cabinet 3 way spkrs 546-8381 
$215. 11/22) 

For Sale 1982 Suzuki SPSOO Enduro Great 
condition solid mode of transportation for 
COllege students 5850 or best offer call 578-
7711 ask for James or call 454-6601 after five. 
11/22) 
1978 Pinto, Automatic. 2.31. PS, PB, air, very 
clean and reliable. S900jbest. Mark 574-
182511/20) 

Dodge Colt 1980, looks great runs good 80K 
miles must see best offer takes it 457-4311. 
11/20) 
SPORTY SR5 TOYOTA pickup extra cab 1986 
1/2 fuel injection new S2300 depreciation 
LOADED 452-0260. (1/20) 

76 Mustang good condition, runs well SI200 
call Kim 259-8486. 11/29) 

Desk, 30"x6Q", 6 drawer, Oak-veneer made, 
excellent condition, I will deliver, S75 abo 
Rob 453-6348. 11/20) 

\Xilndsor "Carrera sport" 19" 12 speed bicycle. 
Suntour deraileurs, Di.rcompe brakes, toe 
clips, quick release. Metallic blue. Excellent 
condition. S175 call Todd at 453-3106 or 
answer maching 455-9597. (1/20) 

G.O. Skates has skate t-stlrts in stock OJII, 
Pow~II-Peralta, Inot 455-9182 Gordon. 
11/22} 

Skateboards and Acc. ""ailable on campus 
Sims, uws. InC¥, OJII ca1l45S- 9182 Gordon. 
11/22} 

Skis&bindil1gs: 560; Teac reel to reel: S75; 
Guitar-12 string: 560; am/rm car radio : $40; 
call mark (day) )(44148. eve 436-0451 leave 
message. 11/221 

HOUSING 
Female N/smoker needed to share large 
master txlrm in LA Jolla Colo,,¥ Condo 
2 SO/mo. call 457-2974. 11/22) 

Art studio for rent, artists or designers aprox 
400 sq ft. furnished, parking inc utilities S275. 
481-1636. (1/20) 

Free room, board to student duties: cookng. 
It. housel<pg. driving. 4-7pm M-F. Mt;st have 
car, ref. 454-2024. 11/29) 

Mellow male, non-smoker to share two-
bedroom condo in SoIa1a Beach along w / 3 
other people-one block from beach, pool, 
tennis, jaruzzi S24 7/mn plus ',4 util call HAL 
481-7958 in evening. 11/20) 

LOST AND FOUND . 
BRACELET: Lost on Mon. 1/12. Ladies gold 
chain "lUgget bracelet. Great sentimental 
value, Xmas present. Reward offered. If 
fcund please call Sharon at 569-6500. 11/20) 

Found: 8/ack sunglasses in tan case on 1/14 
~ the Muir 8-Ball Courts. Call John at 452-
9318. 11/20) 

Found: Key chain w/letter I. versatel label, 
word 'conch', keys. Call 546-8551 to claim. 
(1/29) 

Found a watch ,It Muir Courts. Call 452-
9942 to deScribe (1/22) 

TRAVEL 
SUMMER IN EUROPE S359 lowest 
scheduled fares to all of Europe from San 
DIego. Call 1(800) 325-2222. (6/4) 

- - ---~--~---

Tue,day. jalluQlY 20. J 98 7 19 

OME 

THE mnMATE 
STU I lENT 



• 

20 Tuesday.JanuQ/ 20. /987 1hL tJCSj)r;W1~ 
ASSOCIATION OF COLLEGIATE ENTREPRENEURS 

. 

PRESENTS 

THE 
SUZUKI SAMURAI 

(.4v'tn ?% I I~ 
UCSD STUDENT CENTER 

(619) 452-0630 

Kearny 
Mesa 

Suzuki The New College Game! Free button with purchase at 
Revelle Plaza. This week only! 

PRIZES ON DISPLAY AT REVELLE PLAZA 
.. 

Ticket Sales Times & Locations ACE Drawing Rules: 

All times are Monday through Friday (2nd & 3rd weeks of Winter quarter). [1] Eligibility - Drawing is open to UCSD students, faculty, staff and alumni, except members of UCSD ACE. 
Revelle Plaza 
Bookstore/Cashier 
La CasalThird 
UEO Box Office 

9:00 a.m.-
11:00 a.m.-
11:00 a.m. -
10:00 a.m.-

4:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
5:00 p.m. 

[2] The decision of the judges (members of UCSD ACE) is final . 
Each person on the prize is responsible for hiS/her own actions 
and injury. Departure subject to availability. 

TICKETS: $2.00 Donation 

[3] Winners need not be present to win, but prizes must be claimed 
within two weeks of drawing. If prizes are not claimed on the 
night of the drawing then the winners' names will be published 
in the Guardian the following week. Failure to claim prize(s) 
will result in forfeiture of aU claims to prizes and prizes will be 
redrawn. 

PRIZES: 1st - Suzuki Samurai 
2nd - Trip to Mammoth 

[4] 

3 Daysl2 Nights Condominium Accomoda- [5] 
tions, Round Trip Transportation for 2, $100 
cash - All Included [6J 

3rd - Color Television 
13" Sony Trinitron Color Television with [7] 
Remote, Cable Ready, etc. 

•• 

FOOD FOR THOUGHT CO. 

20% OFF Any Call-In Order 
For Roberto's Mexican Food Delivery 

CALL 587-WILD 
Call Before 9:30 p.m. Sun - Thurs 

(You must mention coupon when calling!) 

• Expires: F bruary 15, 1987 • 

•• 

Coupon lood for free travel accellory 
or book wltb purcbue of round.trip 
travel to Orient, Soutb America or 
Sou th P aei8e1 

Expiree 12/31/87 

One coupon per ticket 

UCSD Student Center (611~) 452.0630 
COUNCIL TRAVEL 

• • 

The ticket drawing will take place on January 23, 1987 at the 
TGIF by the g·ymnasium. A minimum of 4,000 tickets must be 
sold for first prize to be given away. Money will be refunded if 
less than 4,000 tickets are soid. Any unclaimed monies hecome 
the propeny of UCSD ACE. In any event, a maximum of 12,500 
tickets will be sold. 
All income taxes payable for prizes won are the responsibility of 
the winner. 
Regarding the Samurai: purchase price, doc and sales tax will be 
paid by ACE UCSD. However, licensing is the responsibility of 
the winner. Winner must have a valid driver's license. 
The drawing will begin with third prize and end upon the draw-
ing of the ticket claiming the car. UCSD identification will be 
required LO claim prizes. 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• •• 

• • • • 

Purcha one 
appeti;:er from our 
dinner menu and 
receive the second 

une >f equal or le~c;I'r 
v:Jlue FREl:. 

tlo ... n Mi lt "~II· 2660 VI. <l~ ' . " .lIt. 0<1.., .. ( II lOI4 
(61 9 481 8861 

••••• • 

• 
• 
• 
• 


