
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO MONDA V, OCTOBER 12, 1987 VOLUME 59, #6 

Glasnost and protest come to UCSD 
By JAMES GILMORE 
Staff Writrr 

Vladimir Pnzner. a top-ranking 
oVlet Journalist , offered hiS per -

pecu"e on the nature of U. - oVlet 
relalJons 10 a crowd of over 1,000 
people In Peter on hall last Wed-
nesday. The attentive crowd , half 
of them watching via video In an 
adpcent r om, listened to the ar-
ticulate and witty Pozner talk for 
over an hour In flawles , idlOmauc 
English. 

Pozner addrec;setl a number of 
what he considers to be popular 
misconceptions of OVlets In we t-
ern media and offerl'd inSight 
Into o"let culture 

Stereotyping 
The popular Image of oVlets 

th,H mo t pl'ople hold in the UnI-
led States. ,md one that has been 
nurtured for over 40 year by the 
western media , IS , according to 
Pomer, "the kind of mythology 
that has led to the fear , to the 
hatred and there is hatred lof 

n 

At left, Soviet Journalist Vladimir Pozner speaks to an overflOWing 
crowd in Peterson Hall. Above, some of the prctestors outside the 
room where Pozner spoke. 

OVlet citizens I, And 1 frankly 
belJeve that In thi audience there 
arc people who have come- today 
not to listen, and don't wam to hear 
me , who have come to say what 
they want to say then leave, And I 
feel sorry for that , because if we 
cannot communicate we're dead ," 

The result of this stereotyping, 
along with the shorthanded educa-
tion of American stude ms in the 
hiStory of U ,- viet relations has 
lcd , Pozner claimed , to a plague of 
Ignorance among Americans - an 
Ignoran e which has allowed the 
myths about oviets to fill the void. 
"The result of thiS IS striking," 
Pozner aid Among other exam-
ples . he CIted a poll published in 
the , ovember 1985 is ue of the 

C~ York Times MagaZine which 
showed that 40 percent of all Amer-
Ican do not know on whose side 
the oVlet Union fought in World 
War II Of that 40 percem, 28 per-
cent believe that the Soviet Union 
fought on the Tazi side agai n t the 
United tates, "I believe [thisl IS 
hec,lU e IAmericans 1 have not been 
reminded of the fact that we were 
allie ~, that we did fight together 
,1galn t the a21 .' Pozner ald . 

Po::ner then elaborated on the 
realitle which characterize rela-

Please see POZNER, page 7 

"Earthquake" hits Muir; 
everyone is safe 

Former contra leader 
tells his story 

By PETER MESSROBIAN 
News Editor 

Muir college residents and taff got a 
taste last week of what might happen if the 
"big one" ever hits outhern California, 

Over 1,000 students and staff members 
took part in a complex earthquake simula-
tion Thursday morning, described by 
assi tant resident dean Blue Robbins as a 
"sc1f-sufficien y drill." 

There were two reasons for the drill. 

"We wanted to emphasize the personal 
afety of the resident ". what to do , where 

to go," Robbins aid . He added that "the 
re~ident hall staff is a linle more inde-
pendent now," 

The an Diego fire and police depart-
ment , Hartson ambulance units , and life-
flight helicopter all partici pated in the 
drill , The building involved Tenaya, TIOga. 
and the Muir apartment , 

Please see EARTHQUAKE, page 3 

le Ie ' YdIOWllz i t",,/l tllclll 
While it wasn 't glamorous, some UCSD theatre students did get a little media 
exposure during last week 's earthquake drill. 

By MAUREEN SPURR 

Edgar Chamorro received a warm wel-
come last Thursday from UC D tudents 
as he arnved to speak against aid to the 
contras. A former top official of the ica-
raguan ounter-revolutlonarie , Cha-
morro gave the in ide story of working 
for the contra . 

An opponent of U .. aid to the contras. 
Chamorro emphasized and elaborated 
upon hi s reasol"S for leaving the contra . 
Including the fact th,l! they are controlled 
by the lA, 

'Ju t go out and kill .. Kill them . ," 
Chamorro quoted one of the young COI"-
tras whom he had .1 ked what he was 
fighting for .md what hi Joh wa . An 
e perienced peaker, Chamorro told 
emotional Inside "lnrlCS of hi tenure 
with the cnntras He helie\'e these contra 
members Me uninformed as to wh), they 
are killing. arc vJrtuall); childre n, and arc 
pMtlally brainwashed Being ,1 native 

Icaraguan . hamorro I~ much closer to 
the situation than the t)'plcal American , 
and he feels that Americans ma), n)t 
realizc wh.\! IS truly luppentng In ica-
ragu.1 

hamorro tli~ 'ussed a lew 01 the run 
Please see CHAMORRO, page 3 

UlIlJlU1l 

Edgar Chamorro opposes U.S. aid lo 
the contras . 

• lim Q A 
What tudents rea" 
feel bout h FL 
strike 

• . udy abroad 
Prom Russia to Rio, UCSD' got a 
trip for you 

• Women's volleyball 
Triton dump Dominican 3-0 

page 8 page 12 p g 5 



-
NEWS 

Attempted assault on student 
near on-campus apanment 

On Oct 8 In the eucalypllL gro\'l' 
behi nd Third Lecture Hall and Cemml 
library,. cmale slUdent, on relUrn rng ro 
her on-l,lmpus ap;lrllTIel1l , was gr.lbbcd 
arollnd rhe neck fmm behmd She 
responded bv ~t,lbhlllg Ihe ,I "ul.tnr In 
rhe thigh Wllh J pcnlll The ,u'pell let 
her go .Ind ,he r.rn r,' her .1p,mmem 

H,l\'lllg 1ll1t 5een ,he ,1';s'lIl,lI1r rhl' \Ic -
11m w;" Jhle TO oller Imh ,1 rent..lrl\·c dl'" 
(rJptlon - a \\ hill' m,tle Ilf 1,11')~' hUild 
.:IpproxIlTI,uci} 0'(1' ,lIlU ,Ibllur 2'11' 
pI1Lmd, o\n\'one h,nlllg mlorm.1tilln 
(lllKernlng thh mlllknt I' ellu)lII ,Igl'd 
III COnt.ld Ihl' l 'C 0 pnlice .:II '13-1--1357 

'Women ' Studies and Higher 
Education Today' conference 

Sewr,,1 prllmlnent \\'()men JCaUell11l 
leaders WIll meet .II Third College L e turc 
Hall L07, Oct 16 .I!ld 17, for ;1 free pub. 
Ii conlerenLe dISCU<;SlIlg hsues III 
women's swdres '.l!1 Keohane . the prc>-
Ident of \\'clle5IC1 1)lIegr \\'111 gl\'\.' the 
kevnote addres!> "The Role of \ ome n', 

- t~dtes III Higher Educalllln Today, ' on 
Friday Olt 16 Jt 8 pm Keohane 15 J 
Ieadlllg ad\'oe.lle for the forn1.1tll)n 0 

\\'omen'~ swdles progr,lm<; .11 untver,ltle; 
III the Lnlted _tate, In I q85 sh~ 
chaired the American Council on Educa-
lion 's C"mmls~lon on Ih~ t.ltu'llf 
\ omen III Higher Euu(,lllon 

Beglllnmg .It 10 ,1m, there \\'111 be -I 
spe.lkcr, on :-.1Iurday all 17 III Third 
College LeLlure HJII ](\-1 Dr helyn FllX-
Keller. a Fell"" of the Instlture fnr 
Au\'an(ed ~tu(.lIe .11 Prlnll'Wn \\ til open 
with "Feminist Pep,pelllw" "n the ;-.JJtu-
ral Cleille "Ar II ..I III , Dr \'Irglilia 
Oben of the Sc hool of 'urSlllg.1I Uc. F 
wrll addres, the "ubJect "f "\Vomell' 
Health ,1nd Healing Issues." After the 
lunch break Dr Barh.lr.1 Chnstl.lIl of the 
Afro-American lUdles progr.lm .It UC 
Berkeley \\111 speak at I pm on "Docs 
Celie Kn ow Someth ing You hould 
Kn ow'. Afro-American ~'omen's Litera-
ture and the Pursuit of Knowledge " The 
f1l1al tOpIC , "Community ilnd ReslstJnce' 
Women's Political Culiure s III HI!>torical 

Perspecllve ," 11'111 be addressed at 2 pm 
by Dr. Teillma Kaplan of Columbia 
Unlver'll)' 

The '1I1ll of thiS conference IS tn direct 
the Jtte!1!lon of faculty and .ldmllllstr,l-
lion ro Ihe rmpllrl3nce of women's ,tU-
dlcs m unuergradu.lle edUC;I It OIl TIll' 
(,lIlfcrcnce leprcscnts .In efforr hy ,cVl'r,11 
l' ~D Wlllm'n I.ll:u hy memher,. to begl!1 
,I 11I1I-n"dgeu \\Ill11Cn's ,rudie, m.1JI)r lin 
(,lmpU' 
UCSD Med chool signs pact 
with Japanese university 

rhl' ';,h"l,l- "I \lcdiline III thl' lnl 
\cr,l!\ III C.IIII(III1I,I·an Oll'g" .lIld the 
) (lh,h,lm.1 Lm L IlI\CI',lty h,ne dcn' 
i(lpl'd .m .lgrl'el11cnt of 1l;oper.1IIlln tll 
pn11l1(lrc ,I, .lde1l1ll l' \ l hJngc bct\\Cl'n rill' 
t\lll In~tltlll1nn" AlC(lrlilng to U SD 
eh,mccll,'r Richard Arklilsonl he ~Ign· 
I1)g 'lf thh .Igrccment IS 1I1tendeo 10 
furrhn ul:\'(:lop Ihe friendship hCl\\'een 
,'ur t\\'o Inqltutlons and 10 strengthen 
rhclr Jl,IOClll tl ,'oopcr,mon " \Vayne 
Ake~nn. dc.! n 01 rhe UCSD School of 
Mediline rcmarked." an Otego and 
) okoh,lma have been Siste r cities for 30 
)'car~ Jnd we arc delighted to enter IntO 
thiS rei,wo n hip Wllh our colleagues In 
,l(,ldCmlC mcdlcm(' dUring thiS speCial 
.In !lIWr,.lry year" 

Community Mediation of San 
Diego hosts open house 

San Diego 0; Cnmmu!llty Meul,mon 
Program \\,111 he hosting an Open House 
on Fnel,IY Ocr 10 from 1-6 pm .• It ItS 
ne\\ Ilflile. 315 L.1urel Sireer Community 
"1edIJlIlln . \\'hllh begun as a pilot pro-
lell llf the U!lI\TrSlt} 01 San Diego L,)\\, 
Centcr (lHers .1, J public SCrl'ICC ,I t'lmfj· 
dentlal \'oIunrary proLes~ 111 whllh dIS-
puting parties mcel With tramed volun-
teer meularors who a SISt Ih em m 
rl.;.:hmg thclr oll'n agreements The 
program r~ an alternative to the courtS 
and helps to resnlve disputes between 
nClghbors. frie nds, family member 
youth , huslilesses. landlords and tenan ts, 
merchants and consume rs, and employer 
and employees 

~early 200 local an Diegans ha\'e 

hl'L'n tr.llnnl .1' volulllcer llledl,Hnr, .Ind 
h.n c d,)Il.lted t hOllsJnds of hours tl)\\'.trU 
asslstlllg citizens resolvc tlispures. .ur-
rentiY,1 program 01 "an Diego Youlh .1I1d 

.n llllllunlt~ rl'l ' CS , IIlL .. omm unlty 
Metliatlon of San Dlegn I ~ fun deu by rhc 

Ity of San Diego and prrvatc .1I1d COrp,)-
rare don..ltlons Memhcrs nf rhe commun-
I! ' Interested 111 alternative dispute reso-
IUIl(ln arc welcome to ane U rhe open 
house Fnr more IIlforrnatlon , COIlt;) t 

hMOIl _ chult::e Jt 23tl- 1 022 

Symposium on the removal of 
life-sustaining care to be held 

"Long-Term .m' When IS Enough 
Ennugh7 " ,I frec puhli c ,} mpO,IUIll deal-
I1)g \\ IIh Ihc \\lIhdr,l\\'.11 o lille "usr,lI!11ng 
c.lre \\ ill be held nn \\'cdnesd.IY. Oct 1-1 
,Il 7 pm In the l,.Hrcn Audll onum (BaSIL 
"ell'llle BlIIldl1)g) at UC "0 Medlt"ll 
"e h,lol 

I he pnlgr.lm will begm \\ Ith the 
'c rl'enlng ,11 the fillll, "'0 HemiC Me.l-
,ure'" \\hllh dr,llllatl:cs ,I famll}'s 
l'1I 1)nS to tcrmlnare "mg-rerm care for an 
c1dcrlv pl'l'Slln . The p,lI1elisr s Include , 
Richard "('ott. who holds dcgree 111 law 
and medlcme (the Jttorney for Elizaberh 
Bouvla and Anna Hrrth 's daughler l. .1 11 -
fornia Stare A<;semhl}'woman Lucy Killea: 
Llrry chneldermJn , M.D , who tca hes 
• It CSD Medical School and is a 
member of UC 0 Medical Cemer's 81Oc-
thlc!> Committee: and ath), Roufr, who 
represcms the Cahforl1la Association of 
Health Care Facilities. 

After the lIlinal preSentallOn, rhe pane-
Ii sls will rhen partl Ipate in a diSCUS. Ion 
regardll1g the legal, medical. eilllca l, and 
emotional Issues surrounding the wlrh -
draw,11 of hfe suppor!. The audience IS 
IIlvited to part! IpaTe m the dl !>cu s ion 
by vOICing oplilions, which will he on-
<;Idered In the developmem of gUideli nes 
on the Issue of termmallon of life sus-
talillng carr III an Diego. For more 
IIlformatlon , contact Theresa Warren , 
291-0840 

UC hvine threatened with 
'censorship ' lawsuit 

ME hA. or C hicano tudem Move-
menr of Ihe outhwest, ma}' sue Ihe UI1I-
verSlr}' of Califorl1lJ . Irv1l1e for alleged 
violarions of orgamzallon members' First 
Amendment righ ts. The proposed lawsuit 
is in response to Chancellor jack Pelta-
son's deci sion 10 remove 4 large murals 
Ihat graphi cally depict the plight of Viet-

n;lm ve ler,ln~ ,md Ihe Ilppre"~lnn n[ 
women ,1I1U hle,lI1o" Stephdnl e lopez, 
a grauuale <;Iudem 111 (omp.lratlvc I\[er..l-
lure . (omend s th ,1I the lh,1I1u~ lIor VIO-
lated Ihe rights of ChICanos and other 
minorities on cam pus by censon ng the 
polilical ol1lel1l of the murals by di S-
mantling Ihem She srared , "We don 'l feel 
Ihal hicano are very welcome here," 
and also dccused the university of "InSt l-
IUlional racism ." 

The Iheme and locall on of the mura ls, 
origi nall y pan of a srudent-group an pro-
ject , were approved in 1980 by a design 
committee, Ihe Campus Ph ysic,11 and 
Environment,tI Commllree and former 
Chancellor Daniel Aldri ch The mur,lls 
which hung on Ihe first nll<1r of the 

Klal SCI(;'nce TowC!'. wcre cons luered 
"offen"vc" and "ugly" by the 111 ,II0nty of 
those hlluscd 111 the building ,Iccordi ng 
to d 1985 SUrl 'C) 

$11. 2 million contract signed 
for Los Alamos facility 

Lo> Alamos NatIOnal Llhor,nnry, oper-
Jlcd by the University 0 ClhfnrnlCl for 
Ihe Dep.Htmenr 01 Enc rg)'. recently 
Signed an 'S II 2 rmllion comracr wllh a 

olorado firm for the conSlructi on of the 
Ground Test Accelerator (GTA) facility . 
the next slep in the l.lh's Srrategl 
Defense IIll1lative effo rt . 

"ThiS facrlity represents rhe beginnlllg 
of what will eve mually be a project worth 
more than 'S500 mIllion, bringing a fast-
track researc h and development program 
toget her wit h stale-of-the-art hardware 
design . procurement, IcStlllg and telh -
nology advance ment ," manager of GTA 
jorg Jansen said. 

The GTA will incorporate several major 
lechnologi al breakthroughs into what 
will be the main thrust of Ih e Los Alamos 
neutrnl pMtlcle beam prognlm. It Will al 0 
proVide the rec hnology uemonstratlon 
nece sary for a follow-on prototype. a 
space-based ncutral p,lrtlclc beam sys-
tem Once the facility rs complete, work 
will begin on the rn swlling and the test-
mg of Ihe c01l1ponenrs of the neutral par-
ticle beam gcner Jtor. 

The neutral particle beam's malll Slra-
tegic Defense Initiative mission will he to 
dlscnmlllale between real enemy WM-
heads and decoy as they head tOward 
the Un lied Stil tes. The beam also could 
eve mually be used as a weapon to kill 
missile boosters and warheads . 

-Compiled by Eva Wong 

BLOOM COUNTY by Berke Breathed r-----...;;....., 
FII?5( CFFfCM SPOCK 

811CK Ff('tlI1 :iff(}f(( t£IIV~ 
ANt? R€lmnN6 rei{ 

Pr/1Y./ 
\ 11 

\ 

0.; 

,.......-----..., 
\afVe eaN 
f((ffl/C€P ~ 

1>'1~ fI NeW 
MI5rEI? SffXK 

II /V€W f'fI?-
CKV 1H(i 

CI/I1f(f1CTel{ 

5PrJCK 11 1 /1 
y{){/1(£ 

I?£HIRffJ/ 

fIT 11£ M~1.fT 
H€'S HIIVttVG f1 
rYP/C/IC- 171511 -
(;Klf€Irl€NT 
WITH f7f( M:'COY., 

KilN.! 
/ 

Lights and sirens 
Police activity for the week of Oct. 2 to Oct. 8 

• A theft of 'S500 from the bookstore W'lS reponed as having 
occurred on Sep!. 28 or 29. 
• A non·studem male was found sleeping in the women's 

room in the basemem of BSB. 
• A 1980 Mercury Bobcat caugh on fire III a parking lot and 

was extinguished by a fire extinguisher. SDFD responued. 
• On Oct. 4. a non-student was slung by a sting ray at 

Black's Beach. He was transponcd to his vehicle by police. 
• A computer and printer valued at ~1.958. 20 was slolen 

from USB. 
• A female sludent was approached by an unknown male 

who grabbed her from bthind in the wooded area belween 
Third Leclure Halls and Central Library. (See Shorls, page 2). 
• A studem's 1985 Toyota Celiea was stolen Oct. 8. 
• Twelve parking permils and a handicap placard were 

reported slOlcn or the twelve permns, three were bumper 
permits. 
• Nine bic}lclcs were reported swlcn , three from the Triton 

Pub and the resl from various other c,lInpus locations Only 
one was rel'ovcred 
• even auws were burgl.trized for stereos. speakers and 
pursc~ . One thel! IIlvolvcd nnly mlssrng stereo knobs. but .1 
CO , pelle I gun (.1 157 Magnum look-alike) W.I left behind l)n 
the front p;ls~enger ~ca!. 
• Jl'welry \'.l lucd .l! '1;980 W,IS ~tllk n out Of.l GMJgl' Tmn~ 

POII,II111n Ilflile Two orhn pur.,e., ,lnd money from bncf-
l.I''''> wC!'e .,wic'n frol11 \'.lrJ OLh llfll(l'S nn l.lJll PU'i 

ChaDlorro 
Continued from page I 
"rounds he p.trti ipal ed in while 
he was a contra Among Ih ese were 
dress-rehearsals fo r press confer-
ence , III whi ch he was fed Ihe 
proper responses ro Ihe public 
::tboUi rhe ('o ntra sllllation. Nicara-
gua , and the 'Irurh : He also menti · 

cra ll C force," as It c1 ,lIITIcd , .lnd the 
CO ntra situati on h,IS been built on .I 
pack of lies 

Ch"morw's visit to thc campus 
1<; mTIel )' heca use Ihe Re,lg,ln ad-
minislralinn has Just an nou nced 
ItS Intention to requesl ~270 mil-
li on in Contra aid. The admillistra-
lion faces a tough barrie TO g,l1n 
co ngressronal approval for th is 
package because of Ihe damaglllg 

Chamorro said the U.S. was not being 
a 'democratic force, ' as it claimed, 
and the contra situation has been 
built on a pack of lies. 
oned the CLA's imention [Q make 
news at an uneventful ti me in order 
10 make the FDN a known orga n-
Iza tion. 

Chamorro also said many of his 
co-workers spoke of force as the 
only answer; one person who 
workcd With him labeled ir "behav-
ior modiftcation." Chamorro said 
Ihe U.S. was not bClIlg a "demo-

revelati ons of the Iran-Comra affair, 
and because the five Ce ntral Amer-
ican nations have recemly signed a 
peace treaty that calls for an end to 
aid by outside countries TO armed 
groups in the region . 

Leiter booths were se t up for 
students to write to their congress-
men rn an effort to Stop, or ndvo-
cate aid to the comras. 

Earthquake drill 
Conlinued from page 1 

Muir's first -eve r earthquake drill . 
planned five months ago, was orig-
inally scheduled for 7:30 on Ihe 
morning of OctOber I, only 12 
mlilutes before the quake regisler-
ing 6,1 on Ihe Richter scale rocked 
Southern Cali forma Thlls, Robbi ns 
said, while there was the "normal 
grumbling" about the early morn -
IIlg incom'emence, "many of the 
sludents understcxxl it was importaru." 

Meelings had been held and 
memos had been sent to all stu-
dents, so the drill was not a !>ur-
prise to anyonc. "The only time it 
should be a surprise is du ring an 

actual emergency," Robbins said , 
who called the drill "very helpful." 

Also very helpful were abqut 50 
members of the UCSD Iheatre de-
partment, both undergraduates and 
graduatcs. who volunteered their 
sCrl' ices as looters. unruly students. 
and injured reSidents . 

Theatre professor Arthur Wagner 
was responsible for roundll1g up 
the actresses and actOrs. "I thought 
it went ff marl1elously. " many of 
the (actOrs) were quite bloody." 
Wagn er said He said the students 
had a good time, especially the 
looters, whom, he thought . quite 
successfully evaded the police . ~ 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ROBERT'S 

Monday, OClOl1tr 12, 1987 3 

NEWS 

New work-study program 
implemented this year 
By CHRIS HAMSON 

A new ~ 150,000 work-slUdy program rhar began 
Ocr I pla('e~ UCSD slUdents in corpor,lIe Jobs 
rclmed to thei r major or career gOJls 

The em ployer pays the work-srud), ~tudelll .IS a 
regul.u employee Jnd the unive rsity reimburses Ihe 
employer 50 percent of the employee's gross wages 

Seventy-five thousand dollars instate grant money 
\\'i11 fund the one-ye.lr piiOi program Flfree n ot her 
college<; In Califorill a were .llso "w.trded grants in 
the trial program. 

tudl:nt eligibility for Ihe program IS delerm lned 
hy SlUdent Financial Scrl'ices Those who receive a 
workstudy as pan of their fina nCial package arc 
eligible to participate AdditIOnally. so me slUdcms 
wllh loan CJ n gain entrance to the program 

Career Servi ces refers srudents 10 employers ",ilh 
academically- relaled po lIions. If selected by the 
cmployer, srudents ca n work up TO 20 hours per 

Muir senator Janine Zimmerman describes the 
new program as a "big advantage." 

week while sc hool is in scssion and 40 hours per 
week during breaks. The program ends June 30, 
1988, or the pOint al which Ihe studenr's award 
amount is exhausted . whichever comes first. Pay 
rates .Ire comparable to those paid for Sim ilar posi-
tions wit hin the corporalion. 

One student IIlvolved In the program is Janine 
Zimmerman, J Muir se nior m3Joring in biology. 
Zimmerman works for Immuno Dynamics. lnc:as a 
peptide cleaver and frequently goes on bus liless 
tripS for rhe company, "The program IS a big advan-
tage " Zimmerma n sard "I've been offered a job 
when I graduale .. 

The program was secured for UCSD by Associale 
Director of Flilancl.II ervlces Ann Klein and Assist-
ant DireclOr of Carecr Services Phylli s Walker, 

"Career Scrl'l(.'es has heen rryi ng to get a wide 
variety of corporalions to participate so that stu-
dents of any mJJor WIll be able to flild a relalcd 
posilion." Walker sa id . Some companies currently 
searching for qualified students arc E.F Hutton, 
which rs looklllg for economics or managemenr 
science m3Jors. Little Dogs of Bali . which is hoping 
to find an art major and a com puter sc tence major; 
Enfin ofrware , whICh IS looklllg for a math major: 
Harquesr ..Ind ASSOCiates . which IS seeklilga student 
interesled in geology: and CR. which IS looking for 
programmers. jud>' Mamernach , a Career Se rvtces 
employement development specl.lllst, arrracis the 
com panics to t he program , searchlllg for a va riety of 
employers close ro campus . 

Alter the one-}'ear trial period , the results of the 
program will undergo study ,md evaluation. "It rs 
very successful In thc state of Washing IOn ." Walker 
said , "The program was srarred by Gary Hart'" 

everJI restrictIOns apply to Ihe program Student 
em ployces mal' not displace workers curre ntly em-
ployed by rhe employer or Impair exisllng contracts 
for serl'lces POSlllOns must nor have been occupIed 
by J regulJr employee during rhe preceding 12 
months Employment must not vil)\Jte applicable 
collective bargaining agree'mmls or fill vacancies 
duc 10 a labor dlspurr h n.III}' . ;1l't1\'J[JCS mu I nm he 
related to a seclanan llrg.1n 1:,1[lon<; III w r.;' ,,~al1 l'r 
nonpartisan poillical ,1l'l!\' I!ICS © 

r--------------------------~ 

• II P u<crJct. Apple LJ5crWnter, 
Corona LP300 elC 

Don't discard 
your used cartridges. 
Get them recharged. 

Copiers Printers 
BLACK .. S30 .......... S40 
COLORS.50 ................ 65 
Free Pick-up/Delivery 

Toner Distributors 
744-4660 

i 2V2C COPIES i 
I I 
I ON XEROX 9500 • WITH UCSD ID I 
I I 
I I 
: • Business Cards • Full Bindery • Printing: 
:. Typesetting • Color Copies • Free: 
: Collating • UCSD Purchase Orders Welcome! I 

II COPY : I 701 Pearl St. I 
: COVE ~ JOLLA 456·2444.: L ______________________ • ___ ~ 

Q9 4t ~ SAAB 
German & Swedish Auto Service 

All work fully gJlarant~ed • Factory TrainNl S/Mcialists 
Specializing In: 

• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 
• Brakes • Extended Warranties 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am· 5 pm 

(619) 275·1132 

• ' , ~ ... 
.. 
...... 

--

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balooa Exit) 

San Diego, CA 92109 

* II , II,, · ,111'/ ' " IIHIIIII lui I\rHtIfIII 1.,,",1/ tiNt· III .,/"- Ilh/llm", • ______ .'._H ______ , __ .. ___ , __ .. _________ _ 
10% OFF 
On All Repairs* With This Coupon 1\ ,,1 FlII,,! ~ It It ,11/\ ,11"1 j I ,.ltfto' ." 7660 FAY AVE. (UPSTAIRS) • LA JOLLA. FAY AT KLINE 

Offer Expires 10/ 19/ 87 

-



... MOl1day, O,wh., 12, 1 'IS 7 

Give Pozner 
a chance 
By MATT MAC ARTHUR 

A SoVIet , s reamIng Communist 
propaganda on Amenca's college 
campuses? Thm IS what many or-
ganizations wanted the large audi-
ence who assembled to hear Soviet 
journalist/ spokesman VladImir 
Pozner to believe. But what the 
aud ience got was the WillY, enter-
tami ng, hansmatlc man that 
Pozner actually IS. The big issue of 
the day, however, was whcther or 
not the mtld manner. the perfect 
English, and the seeming logic 
were JUSt thc same Co mmunist 
message in a new dIsguise. 

The issue of Poz ner, the ma n. 
represents a larger debate about 
the good intentions of OVICt leader 
MikhaIl Gorbachev and hiS poltc), 
of glasnost Po;:ner alluded to glas-
nost, but was there pnmanl}' to 
dISCUSS the more baSIC Issue of J~ 
he put it, the "mythology and real-
ity of U. ,-50\ let relanons " 

Separating Pomer, the man from 
his position as a Soviet IS a difficult 
task, at best. It IS hard to remember 
that this Amencan-Iookmg and 
soundIng man actually represents 
the 'other SIde of the fence: [t IS 
easy to belt eve the thIngs he says 
because many limes the}' are things 
we really want to hear. These fa ts 
should not Induce us to Ict down 
our guard , of course. or open us to 
gullibility. But it is also ndl culous. 
and dangerous, to automatically 
dismiss what Pozner or any other 
SoViet has to say, slmpl}' on the 
grounds that he or she comes from 
a different ideological background . 

Even before the forum started, 
flyers were passed OUt to 'warn' the 
audience about the deceptive tech-
mques that Pomer, and the U.S.S.R. 
in general. hked to employ. A fair 
enough warning, but some flyers 
were more tasteful than others. 
One, presumably representing the 
John Birch Society (the name only 
appeared in small print at the bot-
tom) said , 'The only way to treat a 
Communist is to recognize him for 
what he is and have nothing what-
soever to do with him.' When was 
it ever said that by listening to a 
man , one automatically agrees with 
him? Such unreasonable and igno-
rant requests only made much of 
the audien ce more interested in 
what Pozner had to say. 

Another group that made its 
presence felt was the Young Amer-
icans for Freedom and 'friends,' 
who passed out a flyer requesting 
their right to free speech and peace-
able assembly. Again, fair enough , 
But it was members of this same 

'. 

group that burst In dUring thc ques-
lion and answer seSSIOn th.lI had 
to be resmllned h poli e It was 
this same group that demonstrated 
outside afterward , holding signs 
hke 'Glasnost Sucks.' Pomer m.lde 
a qUIet but determined pica for the 
break down of myth ICal barriers, 
and the opening of commumc<l-
lion Which sounds hke the more 
credible source? 

The point he re is not that 
Pozner's prescntauon was all above 
board . He used many meth ods to 
sway thc audience , as does any 
rheton Ian . He made several arbi-
trary statements to the eHe t that 
the OV ICt people love children . 
and that the Declarallon of Inde-
pendence is held in high esteem 
by the oVlets. statements that are 
not verifiable . regardless of their 
'truth '( Keep In mind that our own 
PreSident uses the same taC llC, and 
we the pubhc should be no less 
aware) He also had a way of arl-
full), dodging questIOns he did n't 
want to answer -I.e . culling off 
peoples' rephes- so the audIence 
never gOl a real feehng of diS-
cussion . 

Some of Pozner' ~ Ideological 
theory was also hard 10 swallow 
For Instance . the Amencan free-
dom to think, speak, Jnd act as we 
please docs not necessanly equate 
to a blatant disregard for .my ot her 
indIVidual's Ideas. as Poz ncr Ind 1-
cated \[ did . The oVlet behef that 
the freer J person is , the more 
responsible tbe y have 10 be was 
also hard to understand But, by 
juxtaposmg these theories PolOer 
made hiS pOint that basic beliefs 
are very different between the tWO 
cou ntries , and an understanding 
of one or the other does not mean 
agreement or endor?ement. 

The message regarding human 
rights ran along the same hnes. The 
Soviets uphold 'group freedoms: if 
you will ,j ust as much as Americans 
uphold individ~al freedoms, They 
enforce mass education. employ-
ment , medicine , and the like JUSt as 
much as we enforce freedom of 
speech , press, and the like for the 
individual. To them , allOWing mil-
lions of people to be poor and / or 
homeless is as heinous a crime as 
suppressIng anti-Communists is to 
us. Again . it is a matter of twO dif-
ferent ways of thinking. And who's 
to say which one is 'right ?' The 
question comes not from theory. 
but from how far the Soviets have 
to go to enforce their theory. For 
example , it is not unreasonable to 
expeCt that anyone who doesn't 

Please see POZNER, page 6 

~ :\./ ... I ,,~ r • D ~ 
,/ 

fOR YOUR 
SAFETY 

--@ 

" I 'M GONNA DEIlAIL THIS THING IS IT'S THE LAST THING 100 ... !" 

lfTTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTf 
Bending the rules 
Editor: 

Students have traditionally fa ced 
numerous parking problems here 
at UCSD. The Warren College 
Apartment lots are in a particularly 
bad situation , due to the Engineer-
ing Building construction . and the 
unfinished work on twO additio-
nallots behind the apartments. 
Si nce thi s work has eliminated a 
great number of spaces, and since 
construction workers take up both 
student and staff spaces, parking is 
a datly battle. 

I witnessed .10 incident this 
morni ng whi ch highlights the in-
justice of parking enforcement . At 
9:30 am. I noticed that a UCSD 
parking enforce ment truck was 
pi1rked in one of the four "handi -
c.lp ped only" spaces. Three "ser-

vice ve hicle only" spaces were 
empty, If these spaces were empty, 
:hen why wasn't the police vehicle 
parked there? Cars are ticketed 
daily for being parked in "unautho-
rized" zones. If students are tick-
eted for parking in handicapped 
spaces without proper permits, 
then why should police trucks be 
permitted to park there? While 
parking enforcement officers have 
the power to park in student, staff, 
faculty. and service vehicle spaces, 
they should not have the authority 
to park in 'disabled' spaces. 

[n an emergency situation , such 
as a fire, [ can see the need for 
temporary parking in such an area. 
However, Issuing parking tickets is 
not a life-threatening s ituation. I 
challenge the parkingenforcement 
admi nistration to explain why one 
of their officers clearly violated a 

posted sign in the "enforcement" 
of duty. 

-Peter Mayer 

Free speech as a refuge 
Editor: 

I think that if the c.1.A.'s right to 
advertise in the Guardian was a 
freedom of speech issue. then last 
week's letters would have exhausted 
the subject. However, recruitment 
by a company, public or private, is 
not a right: it is a privilege that is 
regulated to ensure thaI the recruiter 
is obeying the national. state. and 
local laws, It see ms to me that the 
Guardial1 staff arc well within their 
rights to consider that element, 
espcially in the case of the C.I.A. 

Last year. there was court tes-
timony given by former c.I.A. em-
ployees, including Ralph McGehee 

Please see LEITERS, page 5 

1-____________ J~,~~~uaA9~~U'A~.~L---------------------~ ,.- ~, .-
NIKI NEWLANDS, Editor in Chief 
ANGGIE LAPID, Man aging Editor 
PETER MESSROBIAN , News Editor 
KRtSTEN McCLEARY, Features Editor 
JONATHAN SCHRETER, Sports Editor 
EVA WONG, Arts Editor 
BRYAN BILYEU, Pholography Editor 
SEAN DUFFY, Graphics Editor 
JOHN SHAW, Trail1ing Dirtc/or 
KATHY ALLEN, Copy Editor 
SUSIE BEEL, Associate Arts Editor 
KATHLEEN DONAHUE, Photo Assistant 
STACY LONGSTREET, Photo ASSIstant 

MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvertiSing Manager 
THERE5AJENNINGS, Office Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad Designer 

The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, LaJolla, CA 92093 

S .. ffWritero: Ken Calhoun. Enc Chazankon .jamesGilmorc. Bn.n !low, 
Reb«c. jaungue. jeffrey Kleen. Karen Kumm. Roben Leone. Philip 
MacgoYrm . Lara ~·hha[a.Jame s Pm pin , letiCia Vl lhnrtal 
Phoo .... plwrs: An siJar. Ka.hleen Donahue, DaVid johnson. Robtn 
Leone. SlaC'y Longstreet, Dawn MamikuOIan. Ann Pdchon , Tal Risko. 
Ca.hlon Severance , Mlchaci Spauldong 
lIIu_tors: Rick Ford. Osmond Holm· Hansen. Gerardo Slteca. jeff 
Quon 

TypotdteB: Kalhy IIlIen. LetiCia Grammar. IIngg .. Lapld , Lara Miha.a. 
jennofer MOJI a. Cat herint Stidel 
PtodlKtlon Crtwo Cynthia Cam pbtll. Sean Duffy. Suzy Lam. Merrduh 
Packer. Todd Rapparpon. DeniS(' Valenllne, Sabrina Youmans 

The UCSD Guardian i. publIShed Mond.ys and Thursday. dUring .he 
pe rmission IS smelly prohibited .1~1 , all rights reserved rhe 
G~lJrdwn IS nor nrsponslble for unsohclIed manuscnpls or an. 

Views expressed in writing and In graphiCS do not ntctssanly rcpres· 
(n tlhe opin ions of the GIoIQrd,al1 the UmvcrslIY or California nor Ihe 
AsSOClaled SluckOiS orUCSD The Guardlon's edllorlals arC'! dClermlned 
by Ihe Edllor In Chief. Managong Edllor. Ntw. Editor and .he Opinion. 
Edllor 

Editorial (619) Hi-6'80 

lfTTfH£lfTTfHSlf 
Continued from page .. 
.lnd Mort Halperin . describing their 
experiences with the agency, Mr. 
McGehee was told by C.I.A recruit-
ers that he would be expected to 
gather vital intelligence informa-
tion which ,he organization is man-
dated to do by the National Secur-
ity Act. He wasn't told that later he 
would be aSSigned to an assassina-
tion team. or asked to write falsi -
fIed documents to congress regard-
ingthe Vietnam War. Mon Halperin 

\\'.IS renuited under simibr pre-
tenscs nnl}' III find himself orClered 
[() bre.1k thl' C.I.A:~ \1\\'n charter. at 
thar time prohibitingdl1l11estio: spy-
ing. 

Critics or the Gua,.t/iall rolled nut 
the free specch issue like a Trojan 
Horse last week to disguise their 
purpose. Free speech is nN a 
lice nse to mi sinform and lie . as thc 
C I.A. has done Consider the ser-
ious d'1mage to our l'ountry's cred-
ibility and foreign policy hrought 
about by the coven anions master-
minded by former C.I.A. chiefWiI-
li am Casey. revealed in the ron -

gressionallran/ Contra hearings. 
I hiwe nIl reason to qucstlon the 

si ncerit)' of the beliefs nflast weeks 
lerrer writers c10aki ng themselves 
as free speech advocates. But I W.1S 
just reminded by the casuistry of 
Mr. Pntash's crfllrt ofSamuclJohn-
son's quote: "I'atrimism is the last 
refuge of scnunlirels." 

-Eric Vollmer 
AIDS: not such a threat 
Editor: 

We read with distress the Oct. 8 
Gua,.diwl article concerning the 
UCSD co mmunity's perception of 

the A[DS threat to heterosexuals. It 
is clear that people arc genuinely 
frightened hy their chances of con-
tracti ng this disease. However. the 
cvidence to date suggests that non-
[V drug using heterosexuals are 
more likely to be killed by lightning 
than by the AIDS virus. This state-
ment is based on recent data re-
leased by the national Centers for 
Di sease Cnntrol. and has been 
repnrtcd in the Aug, 14 edition of 
the L.A. TiIllt'S and elsewhere. 

The CDC has reported that of 
.he 40,000 AIDS cases reponed in 
the u.s . . 1S nf August . only 174 

Monday, October 12, 1987 5 

OPINIONS 
individuals have even claimed to 
have contracted the disease from 
heterosexual contact. Given the 
stigma surrounding drug use and 
homosexuality in this country, it is 
natural to suspect some of these 
claims to be false. Indeed, a group 
of 69 of the 174 victims were sub-
sequently questioned more ca re-
fully . and only three, all male, ap-
peared to have contracted the di-
sease from women. This was in 
spite of the fact that the area from 
which this subgroup camc, New 
York City, contains half of the 

Please see LETTERS, page 6 

Do you think the NFL players have a legitimate right to strike? 

1 dOll t th,nk they have any nghl beillg 
0 '1 SInhI'. Th ~se pCllple mk faille and 
high sala ries that lIorlllal people (Quld'I'1 
get. ju,t heca use Ihey d01l '1 get cert",n 
heneflls, Ihal 'l no ,'calOIl to go on I lrine 

- Mike Gillespie 
Third , Senior 

The p/ll)'ers /lIlIae 1I1 0re //I oney thall 
they rig htly desm'f wilh a third grade 
e"ucution. But el'eryol1e else l1Iallel 
1I10 /l l'y aU 0/ thell1. If tlley break tilelr 
ned, J'/(/ylll~, thal 's it for d,nl! 

-Addilyn Perry 
Third, Freshman 

Of tOu rsI', yel. The owners hal'e hll' 
lI1u ch "Mtra /. The playal desnw II",re 
conlrolowr their I",cs. 

-CarlosJininez 
Muir, Sophomore 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 
CHARLIE SHEEN D. B. SWEENEY 

This Thursday! October IS, 8 p.m. 

N" , I Ilt inll 11t .y have "''''''gh /lll>lley 
aln·ady. I tllIl1k 1/ 's a lII ess 

-Stephanie Spitzer 
Warren, Freshman 

)'es, ''''wule half"if the III ca,,'t walk 
/>)' Ihl' IlIIle thl'y'rr fifty. Th ey "el'd pcn-
1'''''1 and Joh saunty hC(a u~c the nor-
l1Ial .-arar I('/\glh 'I "cry S/'0I1 . 

-Dan Mulville 
Muir,Junior 

photos and intervi.ews by Kathleen Donahue 

San Diego is one of the world's best sport fishing areas. 
Why not take advantage of this? Take an afternoon 0" 
and go fishing . 
We will board a large fishing boat and fish the area 
between Point Loma and the La Jolla Kelp Beds. 'Catch 
of the day' can incl ude: bonita, mackerel , bass, cod, 
sheep:s head, to-name a few . 
Also, there is a snack bar on board as wel.1 as restrooms. 
What: Ocean Fishing 
When: Saturday, October 17 (Noon to apx . 6pm) (must 
be at dock by 11 :30am) 
Where: Pacific Ocean via Seaforth Sport Fishing (1717 
Quivera Rd .) 
How: You provide your own transportalion to and from 
Seaforth 
Cost: 517.00 
Includes: Boat trip 

Fishing Tackle (rod , reel,line, hooks, sinkers) 
Bait 
Sack (to bag your catCh) 

Does not include: Fishing license 
Food 
Cleaning of fish 

Mandeville Auditorium 
Free passes available Wed. Oct. 14 

12noon at UCSD Box Office 
First come first served 

For sign up & more information call 
Chuck Gormley at Campus Recreation, X44037 

Presented by University Events &: Student Activities 



6 Monday, OClol>er 12, 1987 

OPINIONS 

Pozner main currenT of mOSt of today's of ovict life? Recall that slavery resiSTan e Think of all the bureau- mdny dirfcrent republics reprcs-debates concerning the U.S.S.R. was abolished in our cou ntry more crats who arc comfortable with enting over 100 different languages. Many question the intentions of than 100 years ago (and a presi- their speci fi c johs, and basically Add to this the in Ouence that the 
the Soviet leader, and label the new dem was assa inated in the pro- know no othe r way of doing th ings. U.S.S.R. has In ot her countries of 

Continued from page f 
agree with Soviet theory shouldn'l 
have to stay in the oviet Union , or 
be punished for their opposing 
view. Hopefully, many of their pre-
viously unacceptable practices are 
slacki ng off as a result of glasnost. 

plan as Just another facade for the cess), yet ItS effects are slill being It IS unreasonable to demand in- the world, and It becomes clear 
same totalitarianism. Pozner Simply felt today. If our next president was stanT results , I f indeed glasnost is that local administrators have much 

Gorbachev and glasnost are the 

adVised these people to walt and to decree major changes in eco- what it claims. more to do with the affaIrs of the 
see what happens. nomic , ocial, virtually all areas of Another troublesome area is the people than Gorbachev himself. 

If glasnost represent the major policy, stripping our country down blame that crillcs place on Gorba- He IS just the tOP of a huge pyramid 
social change that the U.S.S.R. says to basic values and rebuilding from chev for any (lnd all oviet practi - of cu mbersome bureaucracy, and II 
it does , Then how can people expect there , as Gorbachev c1aim~ TO be ces In all parts of the world . The would be JUSt as Silly to say that 
Immediate results In every aspect doing, there would he tremendous Soviet Union Itself IS made up of PreSident Reagan is responsible for 

-----------------------------------------------------1 the happenings in every eiTY, or 
that he has control over every local 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 

Void with any othel 
oller. Toppings not Included. 
One coupon to a customer. 

lu 
Hou,.: 11-10:30 Mon,-Thurs, 10"0 V~:rtl 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

balboa travel 
SKI TAHOE, TAOS, MT. ~CHELO~ 

~m • Roundtrip Air to Reno. Albequerque or Bend 
~ • 7 nts, Accommodations In hotel choice 

Rates • 5 full days lift tickets 
Per l'eflQn • 7 days use of skierized mid-size cor 
Include: wi th 100 free miles per day 

Prices starting from $541 ,00 (Varies with Dotes & Destination) 

PIAN NOW FOR THANKSGIVING 
AND CHRISTMAS BREAKS!! 

OPEN SAT. 9-1 
3211 HolidaV Court, La Jolla CA 92037 

z 

~ 
<!l 

ucso 
LA.KlLLA 

is 

~ 

VA 
HOSPITAL 

VlLAGE OR 

HOLIDAY CT 

.IIALIOA 

official. As Pomer said , it is easy to 
poi nt fi ngers. 

If glasnost represents 
the major social change 
that the U,S,S,R. says it 
does , then how can 
people expect immediate 
results? 

11-11 Fri. & Sat, p"". 
I 12-10:30 Sunday ' .boD. • •.... -.............. ~ 452·1981 

:s 
:s 
'" 

TRMl 

Again . all of this doesn't mean 
that the Soviet Union is above 
reproach in things II may have 
done , is doing, and will do. Pozner 
readily admitted to that. But the 
real issue here isn 't whether or not 
the U.S.S.R. should be allowed to 
do what it docs, or even whether 
anyone should believe what Pozner 
said . By simply refusing to listen to 
him, we would be Ignoring hts vcry 
plea , which IS a valid one : each 
Side needs to get rid of the myths it 
holds regarding the other Side, and 
open lines for clear, open minded 
commUnicallon . This Isn't saymg 
that we must completely tear down 
the fence and cro~s lll lO eac h oth-
ers' yard~. IllS lu~t asking to hre.lk 
the fence down 1\1 a le\'el \\ here wc 
can see each other and talk \\ ItIHlut 
a barrier gcttlng 111 Ihe \\',I}' If 
Pomer was nght ahout nothll1g 
clse , he wa, nghl 111 ,aylng th,1I 
lOmmUnlC,\[ion IS the ke), for tht, 
world\' uilimate sur. 11'.11 [f;] 

owitse~ 
_eves. 

Sometimes it seem ' that seniors and grad students get a 
lot of peclal treatment. Like gelling the American Express ' 
Card pretty much hassle-free. Sure, the) 've proven themselve . 
But you have too, or you \vouldll't be reading this today. So 
we're making some changes. Starting now, we're making it 
easier than ever for you to become a Cardmember through 
our Undergraduate Automatic Approval Offer, 

The requirements are as imple as they get: 
just be enrolled full time in a four-year college 
and have some form of income-be it from 
a job, a grant. or from your folks, You 
don't even need a credit histOlY, 
but if vou have one, it must 
be cle~U1 , 

How's that for hassle-
free! Of course, once vou have 
the American Express Card, it 
gets even better, You can use it to 
buy everything from sweat to ster-
eos, everywhere from campus to Cam-
eroon. And those are ju t the basics. As 
a Cardmember, you'll be entitled to a 
world of benefits you can rely on. 

So look into our new automatic 
approval offer. Ca!lI-800-THE-CARD and ask 
for a student application. Or just pick up an 
application all campus and study it. You'll find 
you're bound to pass. 

> 

lfTTfHSlfTTfHSlf 
Continued from page '; 
mfcC[ed women in the US To PUt 
these numhers mto pCl'speclive. 
ahout 100 Americans die c.1C h year 
from lightning. 

It is becomll1g c1ectr, both from 
the above data and other studies 
thal have been done, that the rate 
of transmiSSIOn of the AID virus 
through hete rosexual activity is 
much less than through gay sex or 
IV drug use , alt hough the actual 
rare IS unknown . It IS for thiS rea-
son that extrapolations about the 
spread of AIDS based upon its 
spredd through the gay community 
arc ,uspecT at hest 

We wi sh to stress that there is .1 
clear danger to the g,IY community 
,lnd IV drug users from AIDS , that 
research should cOnlinue m its 
elfon to find a lure, and thar con-
doms nrc ,1 good Idea ([01 man)' 
reasons) dUring casual sex. Il ow-
ever. we feel thaI the nsk to the 
straight community has been exag-
gerd teci . and that no one benciits 
lrom the excess ive fe.1l' Ihat ha, 
been generated. 

Kevin Fine and Tim Mitchell 

Pozner 
Continued from page I 
lions between the United States 
and the Soviet Union , and poi nred 
out the diffe rences betwee n our 
systems. "People who see them-
selves as being peace actiVistS and 
have been ro the Soviet Union tend 
to say we have a lot in common, 
that Russians and Americans are so 
much the sa me," Pozner said, then 
added, "which is a nice statement , 
but not really true . We have politi -
cal differences which are very pro-

found . We have economic differ-
ences clea rl y, and we have ;deo-
logical differences ... and I think 
that they are the most explOSive 
They are the ones [hat keep us al 
loggerheads They (comprISe) Ihe 
issue of the great confro ntation " 

Soviet freedom 
Pozner compared the OVlet con ~ 

ce ption of freedom to the Ameri-
ca n view. "Freedom is realized ne-
cessity. The truly free person acts 
out a sense of responsibility of 
what he or she believes must be 
done , not just what I want ," he said. 

"There is another understand-

Protestors challenge 
Vladimir Pozner 
By JAMES GILMORE 
SlaJJ Wri Itr 

The excitement was running high Wednesday evening in and 
around Peterson hall where the top-ranking Soviet journalist Vla-
dimir Pozner delive red a lecture, followed by a question-and-
answer session , 

Although Pozner appeared at ease and commented that he was 
impressed by an audience he thought was serious, interested and 
basically friendly , the numbers of protestors in and around the 
building sent some tension through the air. 

"There was some trouble outside," communications professor Dr. 
Helene Keyssar said , "the protestors were getting a li ttle wild. They 
were behaving in a somewhat threatening way and it was not clear 
what was going to happen by the end of it." 

Emotions peaked while Pozner was answering questions and a 
group of protestors from the Free Afghanistan Alliance exploded in 
a violent chorus of chants denouncing the Soviet Union, After 
campus police officers, aided by members of the audience, forced 
the protestors out of the hall, Pozner responded 10 a formal chal-
lenge offered him by representative of the Free Afghanistan Alliance 
and the International Medical Core. 

The young woman challe nged Pozner ro help her get into Afgh-
an istan with a representative of the International Medical Core and 
a live broadcast crew in order to disprove Pozner's dental of Soviet 
human rights abuses. 

Pozner said that although he did not have the authority 10 
arrangt.> such an expeditlon, he promised to refer her request to the 
proper authorities. 

FollOWing the lecture and question-and-answer session Pozner 
had planned to walk over to La Casa for his recept ion However, on 
advtce from campus police, he was ushered into a waiting police 
car and delivered by an alternate route. 

After Ihe discussion, protestors rallied outside the hall late into 
the evening, condemning the Soviet Union and denouncing 
Pozner as a Soviet propagandist. lliI 

• Art/Architecture 
• Business/Economics 
• Engineering 
• Human/HealIh Services 
• Journalism/Communications 
• VisuaVPerforming Arts 
• Politics 

All programmes include: 16 semester hour credits, 9-week 
internShip, apartment, British facuhy. Offered fa ll, spring 

and summer semesters. 

BOSTON UNIVERSITY 
UP, 725 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA 02215 

(61 7) 353-9888 
NAME ________________________ __ 
ADDRESS ____________________ _ 
CITY _______ .JJSTATE_ZIP __ 

[ J A,V Arch 0 Bus I1:con. 8 Engineering I J Journ IComm. [J VIS.lPerl. Arts Pohbcs B Hum lHcalth Serv. O~Io,d 
.. ~ ......................... . 

Representative on Campus 
VIall Our Tlble at the UC-SD Quest Intemallonal '87, 
Friclay. ~ 16, 10:00 am - 3:00 pm 
In the InterMIDMI Center. 

- - -- -- - -

- ---

mg of human rights," Pomer added 
.. . people must have certain cco-
nomic and SOC I.1I nghts which arc 
indeed given by thr <;o(' l(: t)' In 
which they live , which is why they 
shou ld fight for the sOCle lY they 
need . These rights arc suc h thmgs 
as free educat ion lor all people 
regardless 01 how rich or poor their 
parenb are, free medic,,1 care for all 
people , a guaranteed nght 10 a Job 
for all people , a guaranteed roof 
over your h('ad for all people. We 
consider these TIghts 10 be as im-
portant if not more important than . 
let's say, freedom of speech , for we 
b61ieve if you don't have them, 
what use is freedom of speech ." 

Next , Pozner turned to some of 
the historical realities of the SovIet 
Union which often fuel Amencan 
fears . "It would be far from valid if I 
were not 10 say that much of this 
relations hip is also determined by 
what we have done and by our own 
transgressions," In reference to the 
Stalin purges, which sent 20 mil-
lion people to labor camps, Pozner 
said , "Th is is first and foremost a 
tragedy for our COUntry and for our 
people. We have suffered from 
what had happened to this day 
and we will' suffer. When I say that 
we had a lack of democracy in 
those years, I'm making an under-
statement. But I should also say 
that Russia never had a democratic 
tradition . We don't come from a 
culture that had a Magna Carta in 
the 13th century. Seventy years ago 
we had a czar ruling the country." 

Glasnost 
Today, under the leadershIp of 

Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the poli cy of 
glasnost is atte mpting 10 bring 
about major reform within Soviet 
society, which Poz ner character-
ized as "nothing short of a re-
volution ." 

Pozner said that he has heard 
people refer to glasno t as "window 
dreSSing for the West's bedroom ." 
To this he responded , "Well , what 
can I say to that except wait and 
sec , watch. Believe me , for us it has 

norh ing to do With you, It I ~ ollr life , 
we need It Some like it and some 
don't People always resist major 
chJnge." 

Pozner also critiCized the ten-
dency of the media in his country 
to locus on the negallve aspects o! 
life In the United tates, but noted 
that hr sees change. He said he 
perce ives an attempt by the SOVieT 
media to portray Americans in a 
more balanced and realistic light 

Pomer's point was that there is a 
reponsihility to be assumed by 
both Sides, and both the Soviet and 
American media must work to 
create a more truthful representa-
tion c f each other's country and 
people . 

"I believe that we live in a very 
dangerous time." Pozner said , "and 
I believe that if the media do not 
change , if they continue 10 work o n 
the fears, the misconceptions, the 
stereotypes that exist, we will not 
be around to discuss that anymore . 
If we make the effon , if we take the 
pain , because there is pam in-
volved , then I believe we can really 
solve problems and look ahead to 
what I would call a really peaceful 
world. If we don't, I thmk we can 
look ahead to disaster and calamity 
for all of us." 

Sponsored in pan by the com-
munications and political science 
departments, and organized by 
UCSD Extension, Pozner's visit sent 
a current of excitement through 
the faculty. 

"I thought it was very important 
for the campus and exciting," 
communication professor Dr. He-
lene Keyssar said. "His visit w"s 
very substantive and more than ful-
filled my hopes." 

Wednesday afternoon , Pozner 
got the opportunity to ask some of 
his own questions as well as offer 
some an wers. The stylish Soviet 
Jounall t spent the afternoon with 
about 20 professors from the 
communication department m an 
mformal diSCUSSion . 

~ IY.1J.,+ tJ, t? (J) 
;l ''J t -::; 

I 960:lf. ilJ ~H)'3'C 1-1*) I) 7 
)v- I- ,;t'.¥;t:~UIJtr.JtJ,'t. 
~lVlill::: :; :1', .A ~ /I rm L 
I: it \. ") it L t;: 
~:If.,;t, S*ra,Hs_\,1!J 
~~ Re S t ~~t L .1 '9 
S * 1:, ?,;. I) 11 1:, I) 
7)v-I- ;'({[CT>, 'tLI: .¥.> 
t,d;: ;'({[CT> t: '/ :1', .A Hit '9 

II\¥t)'~"'(\. '.t'f -It1)7 
11.-- "';j: ~, 1IfOO~~A~ 
;j(d.>",(\.'.t'f 

Monday, OCloba 12, 1987 7 

NEWS 

Student ignorance 
One pomt Pozner brought up 

was the Ignorance of the American 
students he has encountered on 
hI lecture lOur. "And not JUSt about 
the Soviel Union" Pozner said 
"but also about hl~:Ory, literature : 
grngraphy - I am frankly puzzled 
by thiS 'tabula rosa', where they 
know little about American history 
,In d literature, let alone interna-
tional topics. ,. I'd like TO under-
stand why this ignorance." 

CommunIcatio ns professor 
Susa n Davis agrees , "The teaching 
of history at the lower school and 
high sc hool level in the U.S .. espe-
CIally through mass mediated his-
tory such as TV shows and popular 
novels, tends to be more mytholog-
Ical than historical. It tends to be 
about symbols and Icons and big 
themes, not, about the complex 
relationships between forces that 
made things actually happen." 

Another professor cited the per-
vasiveness of a myth that America 
IS a connict-free soc tety and a kind 
of 'melting pot' rather than one in 
which there IS a lot of disparity in 
terms of power, resources, and 
wealth . 

Pozner also remarked that Soviet 
stude nts would be awe-struck by 
the high quality of our facilities and 
the physical beauty of our college 
ca mpuses Ho",ever, according 10 
Dr. Keyssar, "Most Soviet students 
would have a much greater store of 
knowledge and just be better read ." 

"In the last ten years," Keyssar 
continued , "there have been, I've 
found , fewer and fewe r students 
who Just want to learn everything 
they can, and many, many more 
students who arc geari ng course 
work, as well a literally wtiat they 
do, what they write papers about , 
what they choo e to read toward 
the notion of getti ng a job. I'm not 
condem ning that . There are social 
reasons wh)' that's gOIng on , but 
when you're a t.:ac her, thaI's hard ~" 

~ 

Recruit Co., Ltd. employment openings currently include opportunities in 

Tokyo, New York and Los Angeles lor Application Analysts, Market 

Analysts, System Engineers, Sales Engineers and Administrative 

Coordinators. 

For more information, call our loll-free numbers listed below or 

write Recruit U.S,A .. Inc. 

• RECRUIT U.S.A., INC. 
725 s, Figueroa St" 31 .. Floor 
a.o. Angeles, CA 90017 
Tel. (21~ 955-4900 

H!~ : 1Jt8 
TClU.fF& 
CIIibria (IIQ 423-3387 
at. 111)()1325-8758 



8 Monday, Or/onn 12, 1987 

Go to college, see the world 

EAP/OAPembarkonan international quest 
By LISA QUINTANA 
StaffWritt:r 

For many of us , the dream of 
studying abroad tn a foreign cou n-
try remams exactly that-a dream 
Unfortunately mOSl students do 
not reahz!: how easy it IS to attend 
school abroad 

LJC D has 2 resources which 
help students reahze IhlS goal: the 
OpporrunHies Abro.ld Program 
(OAP) and the Educanon Abroad 
Program (EAP) Both programs arc 
located In the Iman,ltI,1llal Center 
111 the OAP offiLl' ACCl)rdll1g to 
OA P head .1(."I~"r C,Hhenn.: 
Gamon, L'C D IS unique \\ Ithlll 
the UC system for It., OAP organl-
zanon "At l LSD \\ C Jre commit -
ted to getting people ahroad .. ,he 
said. OAP LIITer, .lltl.'rnatl\cs to "w-
dents ull<lhk ill lind OJ ,ullable 
tnwel abroad pbn thr,lu hEAP 

On Fnda} 0" to lhe OAP 
Offlcc, :lIon~ \\ ith Revelle LlI1guage 
House and the Carct.'r '>e ..... IC(.', 
Cent~r, 15-!;pOnsonng QUCSt Inter-
national 1987 Thl will be the 
second year U SD h,l~ held the 
event Last ),e,us event was in-
tended only as an experiment bUI 
was such a bIg suc ess that the 
adVIsors decided It should be "n 
annual event From 10 am to 3 pm, 
representatives from orgaRtzatiOn 
such as th .. Hebrew LJnl\crslty 01 
Jerusalem emesler at ea Unl\'er-
Slty of Lancaster, dnd tht' Pca e 
Corps will be avaIlable at the II1ror-
mation tables to answer questions. 
There WIll :1lso be panel d,scus-
sions, Videotape presentations, and 
a luncheon. Students wtll be able to 
speak with relUrncl'S and foreIgn 
exc hange slUdents. ThiS way Stu-
dents can gam more II1fOrmatlOn 
about places of Interest and can 
learn exactly how simple It IS to 
VIS it these exotic locations 

EA? allows UC students to e.lrn 
UC credn wh ile stud Yll1g 111 for-
eign umversltl cs. Currently, there 
are over 75 dlfrerent ho t Inslltu-
tions in over 33 countries. These 
countries II1clude Japan , Ireland. 
Denmark, and the USSR. Stude nts 
wishll1g to partici pate 111 the EAP 
program must have at least JUl1lor 
stand ing at the time of departure 
and have a cumulative 3.0 GPA. In 
most cases there is a language 
reqUirement, but this can often be 
fulfi lled through a 5- 10 week inte n-
sive language program offered over 
the summer 111 certain countries. 
While the EAP program usually 
consists of a year abroad , cou ntries 
like the USSR. Costa RIca , and Stacy long'trn l/Guardlan 
Mexico offer special sho rr-term Cathy Gamon, the OA P advisor , directs students to work and study p rogram s in a ll parts o f Ihe wo rld . 

4780 CIJlrcmont Mrs •• Slid 
SJn DleS'" CA 92117 

(619)277-6744 

1111 III 111 11 1111 I 11111111 

Computers 
for rent 

IBM Compatibles 

call 

278·1004 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need not be expensive 
Spedal College 

Slllilnrl Program 
Call for your FREE 

quote today! 

560-9055 
Oak Leaf 
Insurance 

Agency 
*, .. 0 lin,., l ilt . . ..... 
I ! IU 

plans. Molly Ann McCarren is the 
EAP advIsor who helps student 
applicants m theIr pursuits to study 
abroad. There is also a network of 
aSSIStance bctween each UC cam-
pUS and the EAP main ornce at UC 
Santa Barbara, 

For students needing a more 
flexible program , the OAP offers 
many alternatives. For example, 
the OAP library offers reference 
works-'The Academic Year A-
broad" bemg one of the more 
widely used - whereby students 
might attain a better concept of 
their options. tucients begm by 
lookmg up the country of their 
choice .lnd then finding an ap-
propriate program for them Wh.n 
OAP does IS .1SSlst and adVIse stu-
dents in fmdll1g a meJns to trJvel 
overseas Jnd 10 keep in contact 
with LJCSD whll(' the} are .lbroad 
BaSically, OAP helps the 'i tudenrs 
fmd a way to go abroad as \\'ell.15 [0 
make lhe sub equcnt tranSition 
smoother. SpeCific plans of study 
whIch SUIt certam mJjors is one 
study option. For example, an c 0-
nomlcs or a management sCience 
major can enroll in a business p ro-
gram m Tokyo, A student mter-
ested in Third World Studies or 
anthropology can do volunteer 
work on the Ivory Coast. GJmon 
said "It's an excellent opportunity 
to experience other styles of hfc 
firsthand and gai n a greater pers-
pective on one's own lifesryle ." The 
possibIliti es for travel and expe-
rience through OAP are literally 
almost limitless. 

Many students arc reluctant to 
pursue the hope of travelling abroad 
because of the expense. Howeve r, 
EAP estimates that the expense of 
being sc hooled in another country 
are comparable to the expenses o f 
attending UCSD. They estlmare 
that the average UCSD student 
spends about 'li7 ,200 to 'j;8,lOO a 
year total; including tuIti on , rent, 
transportation , etc. To spend the 
year in Ireland, for example, the 
figure is estimated roughly at 
'Ii? ,500; this inc ludes airfare and 
the inevitable souvenirs . One 
should also realize that the EAP 
estimate IS on the high rather than 
the low end. Most students find 
they can live comfortably below 
these fIgures. Because of the OAP's 
variety of programs, it can be mis-
leading to quote an es timated price. 
These estimations do take into 
consideration the state of the Amer-

ic~~ dull"r .1I1J thl' COSt ofllnng in 
the .,pc'l'!I\'l'l·ounrry 

Althllugh <,tuLlents m,l\' nllt know. 
Please see EAP, page 9 

DIP 
WORD 

PROCESSING 
• Resumes • Term Papers 

- Theses • Manuscripts 

-Manuals • Etc .. etc. 

• 

PatriCia Allam 
549-7748 

EAP, OAP: International Quest 
Continued from page B 
1il1 ,IIl l l,l1 ,lid I- ,lppll ', lhl,' I' f-,\P 
,lI1d l P.I' \1'11 It tltc t", t'P II ,lI1" llhc 
\lnrk ~tIIl" -;Uppllllll' lll l 111t:~­
nlll' ren' l\l" ~Pl'll,ll pClm" ,,'n ,I 
,ludel1t h unahle 1,\ \\urk IJ1 .1 I 'I" 
Cign Ulllnlr, l)'\P c.m hl' lp ~IU ­
\\'tll k ,lgl'I1C1l''; htll ,1I11\' ,'n ,1111l11t,'d 
h,1'h Iln\\l'\'l'r lor I ~AP ,Iudcnh 
Ihere ,liT ,lddltl ,1I1,11 ,chnl.lr~hlps 
,l\'a ,l.lhlc pnm'lrIly 1I11',ICIlil Rim 
count n e, ,1I1d 1m ml nmlty ~tude nts 

An,lt her reason why <;!udents 
don 't pursue travel .lhro3d IS be-
dents get work pe rmits or Illok IntO 
cause they dlln't think sc hool credit 
\\'111 tr.1I1sfer Through EAP, .Ipprnv-
ed courses dUlllmJIIl .ll1\, rrll~ 1\ e 
UCSD credil and arc tr',ln slerred 
IntO a pplicable UIlItS However. 
th esc classes must be dpprnved by 

Sucy longstru l/Guard1an 
Students who wish to participate in an EAP program will be 
selected and advised by Molly Ann McCarren. 

CSD , dnd further "pprov." IS 
needed from .1 stu dent 's m.1JOT -
mll1Dr department II the student 
\\'I,he, the Ll.1SSl" [t) s.ItIS!}'.l ~pc­
nflc requi rement AdVISors tt)· .11-
ways to m.lke sure lh.lt slLIdents .He 
al\ arc of their proposed ((IUr,l'S 
al'ademlc value belore they cnm-
mil themscl\es Thl' trJnsfer pro-
cess through OAP IS a little dd'ler-
ent, but , G.lmon said, .. It's onl\ d 
tec hni cal difference " The credits 
go ontO a transcript from the uni -
vers ity attended , and from that 
transcript they arc approved and 
transferred onto a UC~ tr.lIl s-
cript. Still. though in some. Clses 
classes may not be transferable, 
they look good on a student's 
record . More Imporwmly. perhaps. 
is that t he experience IS worth It 
No matter how one \' leW5 It . over-
seas educ.llIon IS 01 hend lt to .111 
students 1m 

.. , 
, 

95.7Cable tm Campus 540am 
53 4 · 422 5 

FREE! 
IN ASSOCIATION WITH 

SAT. OCT. 17 3:00-6:30pm 
UCSD Gym Steps Music & Food 

•• 
,.f' _ _ _ I 

LI$TU TO KSOT roo THI "'0$1 M1NO ILOWING 'ICOIO clouwm 1M OUI .'$'On " 
TO OIU'" KSOT CAll COl CUl[ IT 261 - 11'21 01 SOU' MW (ST[lJiIIIT .9S- 3]]Q . 

P;:.:;; .. . ~/: . ~~ 
.. ' ... ,., THE TUE CATWALK u..v ~~ 

" 

PINK PANTHE~ 
1813 Moreno Blvd 275-0541 

FEAT URES 

JUST A REMINDER: 
THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 
MEETS 

TUESDAY 
6:00-7:30 pm 

or 
WEDNESDAY 

6:00-7:30 

• You may attend e ither of these 
sessions 

• Even If you were not able to attend 
last week's meeting, you can stili 
attend either of the sessions this week. 

·If you have a conflicting schedule, 
contact John Shaw at 534-6580 as 
soon as possible. 

WALLY GEORGE 
OCTOBER 20, TUESDAY, 8 :00 PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

$5,00 Students/ $7.00 Faculty and Public 

UCSD Box Office 534-4559 
"." co.,.. ... 11"" 0 ,IoV 1 .... ~. 
.. " S~ 10 'liP flC"."1A 
"1 · t'M'S!11! "-"iii "'" U101D1 



10 Monday, O(/O!>,'I 12, 1987 

FEATURES 

Rubes® By Leigh Rubin 

"C'mon, move it! Move it! Move those fat erasers 
and get the lead out!" 

Mandeville Gallery exhibits 
latest in modern art 
By THOMAS PEABODY 

O h~ervll1g studell{~ .1S thn p.l"~ hv :>.1.1I1dC\ dk G.llkr. 
"ll thelr Irellul'lll trek to 

,lilt! In)l11 the hll'lng) .1nd Cllgll1 
cering hutldlllg~ b . 101 g.ll1cr. elm'l 
wr Cell) ~kAlhster. dhlnur.lglng 

":\lIt hl' ~l' ~lUclell{s ~tlIdl'll1g rhein-

For I1cMly 20 )'l"m 111)\\', lICSD\ 
:>'1.1I1t1c\'d\r G.1l1en h.l~ hrought 
'l'l11e (11 the he"t CllI1lCrnrnr.lr),.m 
tl1 .111 .1L.ldl'I11Il' l Ol11n1UnltV th.lt 
sc.lIcLeh kl1nl'" 01 It, l,,,,te'ncl' 

C'her 't hl' Lllur,c "l t hc g.llkr\'\ 
hlStlll')' It h.h hel'n .. hulfkd Mound 
the UCSD l.lI1lPUS, l11.lklng ItS hOl11e 
lln thrce 01 the fllur lollegl" Whel1 

the I1ldlt.HY peNmncll" Illg 111 thL' 
qu.m et huts, Dunng the ' bO~ . the 
g.l l1ery l1loved to ReI elk ClI11 IJl" 
where It llccupled .1 I'nlll11 on the 
IOIVer llo11r 01 the Ilul11.lnllle, 
lihrclIY .1nd 11'.1<; expelnded to In -
dude el ~Iudcnl g.llk!,) In dlsrl.1y 
hmh undcrgradllclle elnd gr.lduatl' 
~tudent< work It \1'.1' n('1 until 

The Annex gal lery is tucked away in the subterranean 
level of the Mandeville Center. The works here are 
virutally unseen unless "you have a nose like a blood-
hound , a keen sense of eyesight , and a degree in orien-
teering ," said McAllister. 

Istry .lI1d biology .md none of thel11 
h.1\'e tll11e to e\'en StOP by the 
gallery Just rolook at what's In Side ," 
McAlltster said with a wa\'e of her 
hand, "And I thought students were 
suppnsed to be cu rious!" 

the gallery first opened , known 
thcn s tmpl y as the Unive rsity 
Gallery. It was housed on the 
Warren Call1pus on the C ME, a 
buildtng which h,ld origtn.tlly becn 
constructed as a bowling alley for 

1974 when th e cu rrent center was 
construCted that the Un iversity 
Gallery was gIven .1 proper hOl11c 
.md officially named after it~ La 
Jolla benefactOr, Charles Ma nde-
ville, 

BefOre YOU choose alol)g distance 
service, take a close lOOK 

The golllery \\'.lS crcated as part of 
the newly del'elnpetl Visual Arts 
Df'panment in 1967, Under Ihe 
gUld[1nce of departl11ent chairma n 
,1nd first gallery dtrector David 
Anlln, the gallery h[1s , from its 
lnception, rcnec(ecl the Visual Arts 
Depemment's focus on experil11en-
tal an , 

You may be thinking about 
choosing one of the newer 
carriers over Af&T in order to 
save money. 

Think again , 
ince January 1987, AT&n 

rates have dropped more than 
15% for direct-dialed out-of-
state calls. 0 they're lower than 
you probably realize, For infor-
mation on speci fic rates, you 
can call us at 1 800222-0300, 

And AT&T offers clear long 
distance connections, operator 
assistance, 24-hour customer 
service, and immediate credit 
for wrong numbers. Plus, you 
can use AT&T to call from 
anywhere to anywhere, all over 
the United States and to over 
250 count'ries, 

You might be surprised at 
how good a va lue AT&T really 
is, So before you choose a 
long distance company, pick 
up the phone. 

AlaY 
The right choice. 

Pre~ent directm, Gerry McAlhs-
tel' sClid . "Metndel'llle Gallery pres-
ents exhibitions Ih.lI COl'er.1 II Ide 
r.mge ollteld s, bLilthe emphelSis I, 
nn expenmental \\'orks '" 

In the gallery" hrlcl hhtory it 
hJ' ,hl1ll·n Ihe \\ III k 01 ""llC III the 
n1l1S1 inllucl1l1ell L'l11lIl'mplll',JrI .111-
I'>!'> In the world An e,hlhll tltkd 
).lp.ln",e Art 1,1LLl\ IIlcluded 1\.1 

:un Keldnnelgel (,Ill'll :'\ellllertk.l\\ .1. 
K.l:UO <,hlr.lg.1. .llld 1\.Il'UIl ' ",-
,hld.l I"ul' nlj.lp,111 "1110,lllHl'lll<1 
tllll1.tlll' lekllll\\ ned .111"1" '\Ikl de 
""lIl1t i'h.ll1l' ,111 .m"t «)111111 1"1-
lll1l'd III elll "lulptlll'l''' .tli ,)ll' l the 
\\Mld , h.ld her JI [tln d"pLlI 111 thl' 
1'.111 01 198'5 . Thl' pleLl' mIN i.11ll11-
I.lr rll L'( "n ~tutknr" hOllel'Cr " 
thl' "Sun Gntl" 'l'ulpturc I he Itsl t)f 
MII'IS II ho h.we h.ld t hell 1I'<,rk 

tll~pl.1yed m the t-1.lllLlel't11e GC111cr), 
rc.ld .. Itke the Whn's Who ,,1 Ll1l1 -
tempor.l!,) .11'1 1 Ill, Its! IIldutlcs 
Terry Allen Jllhn BLICk. B.lt)'e 'i.I.H, 
.1I1d F.lI)'Cl rredm.ln . 

Unlike It~ Cou lltclpalb.1[ UCB, 
U LA. U B, I he Mandel'ille G.ll-
ler)' docs no[ h.I\'e .1 pcrmalll'llI 
clllleClill 11 , As McAlllslcl' l'xpl.lIn~ , 
"Thl"e I otherl g.llll'rle~ mlkct arr 
,1I1d .Ire constantly .Itldlng to thl'lr 
perm.1I1ent cu ll ectlons The g.llIer-
les atlhosc schoob Me much more 
It ke mUO;L'ums, llnscquenrl) . the), 
requil c enllrrnllUS st'lfis which 
h.1I1dle the 1ll.1Inrenelnce III the c<l l-
Icctlnn , m.lke .1I'I',lngemC\1t'> 10 10.111 
it llUt , In .lddititll1 ttl c.1I.11,'glng it 
.1ncl In,ul'lng it. And .1S one w()ultl 
1111.1gine ," shc adds , ".111 this requ I res 
.1 gre.lI dc.11 or Illoney " 

Wh.m·l'cl' [he C 0 g.ll1el')' I.lcks 
III ,,;:c .lnd mone), . It m.lkes up lor 
In elilc tl'nc)' .1nd t'Ill'l'g)" Bec.lll SL' 
~I.mdl'vllk dill''' ntll h.II'C .1 per-
111.1I1L·11I LllllcCllon It nper.lIL·" on 
",h.ll Ml'AIII,tl'1 l,llI, .1 ''ch.mglng 
,' ,\hlhIlIOn 1,1rm.II " l'.ll'h ,1C.ltll'll1ll 
),l'.lI', ,he .11ld hel ,1.dllllg.II1I:C >;IX 
l'\hlhltilln, tl1\llh-lllg p.lIl1l1ng 
" 'ulptul''' \ Idl'll, phlllllgl.lph)' .lIlti 
Pl·llllllll.ll1ll' .11 t 

\ 1.111) "I IhL"l' lI11pl11l.1Il1 Ill'\\ ' 
.1r!hl'> gIl unll'll'gl1l:l'd nil .' l.lI11 
pu, th.1I h pnlll.1I tI~ kllll\\ n I,ll It' 
'llenl t: pnlgr.1I1h .llld Il"t Illi II'> .111 
P l~ase see GAllERY. page II 

.1I1d .1 degree of' onc llI ee rtng," Gallery Met II'lIh srudelll nllllml'llt~ suc h 

.15, ' .. , I,,'C )'L'.lr "id n~u ld dn thl' 
sa me thlll\! .1S thcse SI' l'. llIed .1ft-

Continued from page 10 ISt~ , " while the .lI'I th,lIl~ on cltsph1)' 
dep.lI'Illlents "The)' dOll 't evcn Ill - III the MJndel'tlle G.ll1l'!')' IS n"less 
clude the gaileI')' II'hel1 the)' take rc\,olullon.1!')· th,lIl the work hClng 
fUlure ~Illdent<; .lI1t1 IhL' rllhhc on done In the l.lhM.lIMt!.''' 111 rhe 
t"ur" II I the lellll pW'," s.lId MeAl· h lnlngy .lIld englnccrtng hu ild lngs 
lister. .1crll~S Ihe w.dkwil)' , II I~ e.ls)' tll 

One of Ihe pnlllary ohJectil'es II I under~t.lIld Ml'Alhstd~ IrUStr.lI111n 
the galley has .1Iwa)', been [0 s tltnU- "We're not t!')'1I1g t" gct CIT!') hnti)' 
latc Intere<;t In (he Mt., . Some of the III like Cllntl'l11p,'r.l!,)' .11'1 . hel.luSt' 
1.1Ck oll'xposure the muo,culll g(. t ~ th.lI I, nnt gl)tng III h.lppen ," s.lId 
c.1I1 he atlnbuled IlJ .1 ponr .m'hi - kAlli,tcr , "But )'llU h.l\'C tll ques-
tectur.ll destgn which put the gallel)' lion .1nd under'it.lI1d I h.lI CI'l'l'-

f h Present COntell t, whcther it he th.lt elt one cnd 0 t c M.lndevtllc en-
ter .111d the .luduor!u m.lI the other th.lt p,lIllllng I!> .Ibout l'll l11r or th.1I 
end. .,culpturc I ~ ahout soml' thlng 

-M,lnday, Oclontr 12,1987 11 

FEATURES 

polltlc.ll 1m 
McAllis[er ex plained , "T hc )' ~ ___________ =-________________________ ...:.._~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

should have put thc tWLl fa ilttics 
right next 10 eac h Other so that 
when people come !O see a perfor-
111.111Ce In the .luditol'llllll, thcy c.m 
peruse the Jrt exhihitions hefore 
and after the hows!" 

The Annex r.allcry , which ex-
hihits gr.ldll, II '· ~tudents' wllrk .md 
oc~.l sinn.ll work , .1 undergr.ldu.llcs, 
is ('ven Ie" .1Cl'eSSlhle Tucked 
aWelY in I he suhterr.mL'.1I1 ieI'd of 
the ('el1lcr. Ihe wnrks .ll'e \, lrtU.llly 
unseen, "unless." McAlhster sa id. 
"you have a nose like a blood-
hound . a keen sense of eye sigh I. 

Speak E-2 
" The best way to get 

praise is to die. " 
- Italian proverb 

R , 
A 

BI 
ONE DOLLAR A DAY! 

STUDENT SPECIAL - Minimum 30 Oays 
Cruisers. 5/10/12 Speeds. Mountain Bikes 
Rent by: Day/W~~lc/Month 
FREt LOCKS, MAPS 175-1644 

•••••••••••••••• 
• WHYWAIT 
: FORSNOW? 

GET READY FOR 
SKI SEASON NOW 

2 FORi 
SKIUSSONS 

ALL AGES • dUTIES 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I Beginners to advanced, T we odults' Of two children's 1st lesson on the 
I revoh/'ng corpet fOf the price d one. All equipment included, With thIS ad, I - Expires 10/31/87 

II ~ at 1105 FirstSt, 3081 ClairemontDr, I SKI SCHOOLS: Encinitas 942-218e Son Diego 275-4754 I •.............•..... ~ 
" It is nothing , they 

are only thrashing my 
husband, " 

- Portugese proverb 

"Speak the truth 
and run , " 

Yugo lav proverb 

"It is bet ter to be a 
coward for a minute 
than dead for the rest 
of your life, " 

You've learned. 
the limits of 
technology, 

now start 
breaking them. 

The limIts 01 technology are 
opportunities lor growth at 
Loglcon , Consider Joming one 
ot our talented teams. explore 
your personal potenhal and 
push beyond the limits of 
today 's technology tn space, 
mlssile, aeronauhcal and 
mission plannmg systems, 
At Logicon, we are leaders 10 
systems and software engineer-
109 and we proVlde hIgh 
technology services to the 
government , If you are about 

- Irish proverb 
"Either do as your 

neighbors do or moue 
" away, 

- Moroccan proverb 

"N euer giue advice 
in a crowd. " 

- Arab proverb 

"00 not insult the 
mother alligator until 
after you have crossed 
the " river. 

- Haitian prove rb 

"A la wyer an d a 
wagon wheel must be 
well-greased. " 

- German proverb 

"If you 're late don 't 
hurry , you 're already 
lale . .. 

- Algonkian proverb 

"N obody uer com · 
mit ted suicide who had 
a good two year-old in 
the born, .. 

- Racetrack prove rb 

to graduate in Engineering, 
Math. Computer SCience or 
PhYSICS. conSIder joining us in 
supportmg some ot the hIghest 
pr:ority program" in the coun-
try, We are headquartered in 
San Pedro, California and have 
additional offices 10 Utah. Ohio, 
Rhode Island, Massachusetts. 
Colorado and Washington, D,C. 

Visit with our Representatives : 

Tuesday. October 27. 1987 

We are looking forward to 
meeting with you , But if you are 
unable to attend , please send 
your resume to : 
Logicon. 
255 W 5th Street , Dept. UCSD 
San Pedro, CA 90733 , 
U 5 CilizenshlP requlled tor most posilions 
Equal Opportumty Emptoyer M IF IH IV 

LOGICON 



WOlllen's volleyball 
trounces DOlllinican 
3-0 victory puts Tritons at 16- 2 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Ever witnessed a game . 0 lop-
Ided that It appeared as If one 

team was p rofeSSional and the 
o ther amateu r? 0) Well . you 
obViously missed observing the 
UC D Trito n women 's volleyball 
squad crush the hapless Domini -
can Colege Penguins In straigh t 
se ts on atu rd ay night. 15-2 . 15-3. 
an d 15-5 The \'I CIO,)'. coupled 
with Friday night's 15-3. 15-0. 15-9 
th rash ing of Mill, College . IIn-
proved UCSD\ re ord to 16-2 while 
Dominica n dropped (05-20 on the 
season. The Win also he lpcd maln-
la in UC D's ranklnga the number 
o ne leam In the nation In DI\'lslon 
III ball 

It was lea r from the ope ning 
serve that UC D was prepan ng 10 
put on a volleyball exhibi tion for 

the wo me n from Dominican Carol 
Lipso n . Dec Dce Bigelow, Alh son 

Han~he t . Jnd Rebec a Palmer all 
contributed Wllh dcvastatll1g spikes 
to Jack UCSD up (0 a 10-0 lead 
before thc Pcnguln s even knc\l' 
",h,lt had hI! them , HowevCf. a val -
Iant dl\'lng attempt by frc shman 
Rach el VC((Cf ca me up hon a fcw 
play la ter and thc Tmons we rc not 
ablc ID keep the hutout ahve ThiS 
diU no t seem 10 bOth er sophomore 
Dia na Klintworth muc h , ho\\·ever. 
a5 she dell \e rcd t\l'O earth-shal 
le nng sla ms In a ro w (0 c1 lmh the 
game for UCSD 

Th e second game appeared (0 
begin rathcr Inauspl tousl), for the 
TnlOn women . as rhe Penguins 
jumped to a 2- 1 ad vantage BUI It 
was a s hort-hved lead . Wl!h Ellen 
Chi leading the wa}' offensively . 

Please see V-BALL, page 18 

Lori Lunthow saves a pomt 

Left : Lor i Lunthow spikes another one against Dominican. Right: Jennifer Wellman places a bump 
shot. 

Cross country takes second 
at invitational 
By JONATHAN SCHRETER 
Sporls Edito r 

On aturuay.Ou 10, the L:C~[) 
cross countrv tcam placeu ,elonu 
t1l'hlnu DI\ I Cal tatc Unl\er<;It\'. 
Ll)ng Beal h 111 rhe Billtl Im'lI ,lI ln l;' 
..II 

Thc men" tC,lm competed ,lg-
.lInsr 10 full te,lm, . plaCing five 
runners In the tOP 30 (our of llH 1 
finis hers) Tim Vallez \\'~b rhe rm-
on', Il)P fin isher In 10th pialC fol -
lowed cloud\' by Chm :--k '\att anu 
\-\errel Hnr.l II ho finished In 11th 
and 1 )th rcspclll\'el~ 

Michael 'pauldmg/(,,,,,,d,,,,, 
.. rhe rop four men linlsheu 13 

,clllnd, apart ." 1 rIIon Lluch :--1,lrk 
tan Innh ,.\lU '1 hat., gl)od The 

men continue to run .1, .1 group Tnton cross country Coach Mark Stanforth. 

"This semester 
"ADD" 

Officers hip 
• Leadership & Management Training 
• Scholarshi'p' Opportunities 
• No Military Obligation Incurred 

MS 100A 
MS 201 
MS 351 

CLASSES 
STILL 
OPEN 

For mo re inlormatlo n , call Major orn 
Posehn at 265-4943 o r vlsil Tra iler T-64 
ac ross from the Wo men 's Gym at D 5.U 

Leadership Excellence Starts Here 
OfF lNINC 

State Unl"-Irrr •• ·~ 

\\' hl~ h IS Importa nt when It comes 
Il1 pOints 

Th e seco nd p lace fini sh PUt I he 
Trit oll s ill fro nt o f riva ls Cal LU[ hc-
ra n. who has alread y bealen UCSD 
ea rli er this yea r, a nd Biola Unive r-
si ty. who defea tcd the Tritons last 
year. 

C U Long Beac h dominatcd the 
men's race, taking first. second. 
third . s ixth and twelfth places to 
score 24 point s aga inst UC50 's 84. 
Please see X-COUNTRY, page 18 

Madn ..... Software 
Widest Selection 
.Latest Products 
Low Prices 

Store Hours: M-F 10·7, Sat 10-5 
Word Processing Software 

Laserwriter Service 
Memory Upgrades 
SCSI Hard Drives 

AcceSSOries 
Supplies 

••••• 7598FayAvenue =u= __ 
.. " .. II La Jolla, CA 92037 I;;;; 619459-2302 

CGIIIUW ••• Y IOFTWA •• 

Water polo prepares 
for Bruin cup 
By MIKE FOLEY 

The UCSO men's water polo 
team has reached the midpoint of 
their 1987 season . Going into this 
weekend 's Bruin Cup at UCLA the 
team is 8-5 and currently ranked 
12th natio nally. 

Much of the team's success is 
due to the play of seniors Larry 
Sanders and Jefferson Smith as well 
as leJding scorer Dave Calder. The 
o rhcr starters on thi s year's team 
are Rand y Franke, the ream's goalie , 
Greg Wade and Tom 5h ohz. 

AI limes, thi s year's team has 
played ve,)' well Earli er in the sea-

cause the men 's team does nO! play 
water polo in a conference. it must 
compete with many other inde-
pendent sc hools for an at-large bid 
to the tournamenl. 

If the tcam has a strong second 
half and can win the NIT c ham-
pionship later in they year, thry 
have a definite change o f being 
selec red for the CM 's thiS yea r. 

This weekend at the Bnlln Cup . 
the Tritons have a good opportun-
ity to impress NCAA official . This 
compctltion attracts so me of rhe 
nation's bes t water polo tedms The 
tcam WII\ be fa Cing so mc very laugh 
opponents. 

not want a "good This team does 
season." They want 
NCAA Tournament. 

to make the 

50 11 . UC D knocked off 6th ranked 
UC5B J r the Ga ucho's h o me pool. 
Thc team (l iso pla}'ccl we ll during a 
'f - I road trip on the East CO,I I. 
Unfort unately, the Tr itOn s have 
a lso had some subpar p e rfo rman -

es th b year. Head coac h Denny 
Harpe r said hiS ream played "hor-
ri ble" In last week's 9-4 loss to Cal 
State Long Beach 

Depslle the overall success of 
thiS year's team , they are nO! con-
tent with how they have been play-
ing. This team does nor want to 
have a "good season." They want to 
make the NCM tourna ment. Be-

On Sarurda), UCSD plays 8th 
ranked Fres no State and I,Her o n in 
the day has a rematc h with 6th 
ra nked Long Beach. unday'sgames 
Will be all even harder test 01 
UC D's ab ilities. They pl.ly # 3 
U C. 1f 4 UCLA back-tO- back. Will 
o r lose, a good showing in the 
Bruin Cup is sure to gi ve the team 
momentum as it srares the crucial 
second half, of the season. UC5D is 
home for its next two games. They 
play Pomon a-Pitzer Friday. OCI. 16 
at 3:30 pm and Division I power-
house Pepperdine Saturday. OCI. 
17 at 7:00 pm. fi:3 

Graduate with 
four of the 
most impressive 
letters of 
recommendation. 
Army ROTC. 
Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps on your 
resume says you have more than potential. You 
have experience. 
Its the college elective that adds leadership 
training to your education. And that gives you 
the kind of decision-making responsibility and 
experience most other graduates will have to 
wait years for, 
Whatever your major, find out more about the 
college elective that makes your college 
education more valuable. 
Find out about America's best kept secret. 

For more information, 
call Major Norris 
Posehn at 265-4943 
or visit Trailer T -64 
across from the 
Women's Gym at 
San Diego State 
University. 

Mnlltitly, Oc/ober J 2, J 987 13 

SPORTS 

Counterclockwise from top left: Head Coach Denny Harper instructs troops at a recent practice. 
Randy Franke's practice in the goal has paid off in competition, as have scrimmages In daily 
practices. • 

SATURDAY 
OCTOBER 17 
8:30AM 
MAIN &REC GYMS 
Open to students, facuR" staff 

Sign up de.d"" - 2pm, Oct. 16 
Sign up. detalls.t Campus Recre.tIon, X44037 



Read The ( ) 

STUDENTS NEEDED FOR FOLLOWING POSITIONS 

• PRESIDE TIAl CABI ET MEMBER -
-External Affairs 
-Internal Affairs 
- Public Relations 

• CHAIR FOR AS PARKING COMMITTEE 
• STUDE TS FOR A.S. PARKI G COMMITTEE 
• ELECTIONS MANAGER - paid position 
• ACADEMIC SENATE COMMITTEES-

-Academic Freedom 
- AdmIssions 
-Affirmative Action 
-Computing 
-Education Abroad Program 
-CEP Sub ommittee on Undergraduate Courses 
- Executive 1St Policy Committee 
-Planning 1St Budget 
-Undergraduate Prepararory 1St Remedial Education 

• ENROLLMENT PROJECTION REVIEW COMMITTEE 
• ECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
• PUBLIC RELATIONS COMMITTEE 
• MEDIA POLICY CO MMITTEE 
• 0 CAMPU RE IDE TIAl & FOOD SERVICES ADVISORY 
• BOOK TORE ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
• PARKI GISt TRA PORTATION ALTERNATIVES ADVISORY 
• DAY CARE CENTER ADVI ORY COMMITTEE 
• ALTER ATIVE MEDIA TASK FORCE 

For more in/ormation please contacr Patty 
in the AS Offices upstairs in Srudenr Cenler 'A' 

WALLY GEORGE 
OCTOBER 20, TUESDAY, 8:00 PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

$5_00 Students/$7.00 Faculty and Public 

UCSD Box Office 534-4559 

( 
) 

Drop by the A.S. xrvie(5 and EnlerpriSts ... 
Inc.lIed on the Student Centcr and brought to you by the ASSOCiated tudent s 

• A.S. Leetu~ NOles 
Purch.lse nmrs to th.1I tough class for a small 
pnce All nOles Jre taken by .1 qUJlif.ed s tudent 
and .lre typed up for y"urconvrnirnce . Located 
aCro s from the Food Co-op 

• A. S. Soft Rtxrvcs 
PurchJse h"mework solullnns . old exams and 
dass read.ngs [or a minImal pnce. A.S. So[t 
Reserves hJS arch.ves that date back III 1983. 
Located across [rom the Tnton Pub. 

• AS Internship Office 
Drop by and get .n Internshtp [or a loc.1 or 
n.lIon.1 pol".c .. n . a televts.on SI.tion or any 
mher area of interest. An excellent opponunity 
to learn more about your future carcer. Located 
above the Game Room in the Student Center. 

Pick Up Your Studrnt Discount Card in the 
A.S. Officr and at EDNA. 

Studrnt Regent Application 
Coming Soon! Keep your ryrs 

open ror mOK inro.! 
Allrntion Freshmen 

Don't rorget to pick up your rreshman rccord in 
the A.5. Ornce in Student Center A. 
1988 Sun God Frstival Committee 

FormIng now. We are beginning to plan this 
year's restrval already We want th.s one to be 
bigger than bdore. We are looking [or 25-30 
motivated. enthu~iastic people to serve on the 
commutee. Ir you'd like to be Involved . pick up 
an application at the Associated Student's 
Ornce. Deadline [or application is October 

30th_ 

Lesbian & Gay Organization 
Lesbian and Gay Organrzalion will be havong an 
organtzational meeting Thursday. 0 tober 13th 
at 8'00 p m. in the multipurpose room , second 
noor stuuent center. All 3rc welcome. ror more 
Inrormatlon call 5 34-GA YS. 

LesbIan and Gay Organozallon IS sponsori ng a 
on- ex.st Dance_ Saturda)'. October 17 9'00 

pm. to 1'00 a.m_ at the Che Cafe Sponsored by 
[AGO and ASUC D. Live Dj proVided by KSDT. 

rai Chi Ch'uan Club 
New Club Formong The new T", Chi Ch'uan 
Club .~ meeting on Tuesdays at 400 p. m.-5:00 
pm. b)'thc N.ltaloroumjacuzz. InstruClorChia 
Ho w.1l he [cach.ng the long Yang rorm, and 
other stude .lI'; wdl also work on th(' short Chen 
rorm Thl' dub IS fREE _ and all an: wekome. 

Dark Star I UCSD's s lence ficllon c1uh. hare 
your Interest on Slm r,ch. japanese animation. 
Dr Wh() The PrISoner gaming, Golden Age 
" F . anu the cyberpunk movement with us 
1 hursday, at 7'00 p.m .. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Darll SI(/I , bel .lUse there's more to S.F Ihan 
hug-e)'ed mon,ters 

Pre-Dental Club Meeting 
The LCC; D Pre-dent.!1 dub \l'dl have Oltr first 
Illeellng Mond •• ),. Octoher 12th at 4.00 p.m In 
thL· lntcmallon.11 enter Conferen ce Room. All 
.nrerl·,t etl students arc welcome 10 nltend our 
tnfl)rm.11 mcellng' F<1r more .nrormatlon, call 
Brt.ln .11 565-0763 

8:00 pm - USB 2722 
Adm.~~ion is S 1.00 

F.lm Series Mem~rship Card 
(.,-, \ tlur him """'" m"mne"llIp c,ord erl)' ~5 00 
U1\',-" lre,- _ulm""tln Itor •• 11 29 hlm<1 A. Ihc n". 
111IH. l ' 

COMING SOON 
Th, .,11 nl'l\ •• n<l e\Llung R,~",' Ft'\I.",/ Nl1\ 7 All 
d.,~ k,Hurmg ,"ml' ',( rhl' 11O l'~ ( Inc. •• 1 .md IllIcm.l · 
t,,'n.1i t.,kllt 
Playground Slap ,II .he Pun, Fnd.,> , Ou 16. ~ pm 
Pl-tlp/'- nel'd .tl hl'lp "nh .h,- All CampusJau F •• I-
val. (,'nt_' LI I'D C\I ··H50 

• Grove Calf. 
A JOInt venture of .he Associaled Students and 
the Craf. Center You ca n p. ck up a cup of 
coffrc , espresso, or a crOissa m In a plras3m 
.tmosphere under the eucalyptus trces. Located 
belween .he GeneralSI",e Co-op and Ihe Cralt 

enter 

• Undapadllale ScholA5tic Gr.nls 
P.ck up some money for. special re«arch 
project It IS the only servICe of liS type for 
undergraduate students. Located above Ihe GJme 
Room on the Student Center. 

• A5SOI1ed Vi nyl 
A college re cord sinre for all of your music needs. 
located nex. 10 • he General Slore Co-op 

A.M.S.E., the American Society or Mechanical 
Engineers Student section at UCSD is having a 
pre-AMES orientation/ general meeting this 
Thursday_ 4:00 p.m. in the International enter 
Lounge. Find out abOUt upcoming rours , speak-
ers. competitions. and a sortball game against 
SDSU's student section. Give us your ideas [or 
future programs. Engineer your ruture' 

Kaibgang Pilipino 
Kalb'gang Pilipino IS having a general meeting 
today , Monday Ocr. 12 at 4'00 pm. in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. For more inrormation 
contact Mlko at 453-4267 or Ranelle at 452-
5764 Ka.bigang Pilipinoo would like to invite 
you to their Fall Quaner Dance on Saturday, 
October 17th from 9:00 am [Q 1'00 am at the 
Revelle Cafeteria. For more Informallon contact 
jocl at.530-050 1. 

SAM 
Interesled in Business' SAM. a sludent assoc-
.allon for management was created to help 
students ease Ihe trans.llon from academll' Itre 
Into the bustness communi ty If you want to 
discover your speclrlC f.e1d of Intere t in bus-
Iness. make contacts within that field and 
.Icqulre ths sk.lls necessary (() enter It. then 
come /0 the gener.tl meeting and BBQ TuesciJy, 
on 13rh at 600 p.m m front or the TCS 
(El'onom lcs) Buildlt1g. All Welcome' 

leo Is Coming! 
And I\'CF" on the move l Inter-varsity Christ 
Ian Fellowship humbly presem, Leo Giovinetll 
fro m H ). Izon Intern.uional this Thursday n.ght 
,1l6:59 111 our rad new room , TLH 104.j01l1 us 
10. "n awesome lime or worship and reachmg 
• IS thl' btg. crazy_ and unpredrctahle man 01 
God e>.pounds upon the Delt)· or C hrist' For 
more deta .I" call j ohn at 457-54'18 

TRW Tour 
IEEE '5 t.lktng a tour of TR\Vs VLSI rac.lity 
(located near sc hool) on Tuesday. October 13, 
1987 ,II 12 30 PM I[ will cover design to 
fabric.lI.on or Inlegr.lted de\·lces. lasting about 
I hour S.gn up on Ihe IEF E hoard , s .xth 11001'. 
APM. Iomlted to first 20 people . 

UCSD Triton Yearbook 
Attention' Th< UCSD Triton yearbook needs 
you l Th., yc •• rbook 15 complelely student ru n 
and lm'rrs all rour coleges. Have you been on a 
yearbook starf before? Are you interested .n 
publtc relations. ady~·rtlsing or marketing' Arc 
)'ou .1 wmer or an artlSI or ,I photographcr? Arc 
)'OU JU<;! CUriOUS and Intercsted tn Ic,Hning' Ir 
),ou answered yes to an)' of thc,e questions, 
wc'd I.ke [0 hear lrom )'ou' There arc seve ral 
pOSition .. open for both general stafr and 
cdltors 50g.\'e U'J C.III.1I259-4tNI (bul please 
nOI bdore 10 am ). 

Attention Spons Enthusiasts 
The Tmon W.l\'es_ UC D's Intercollegia te 
'port s organlzltrlon needs your hdpl Help us to 
promote UCSI) sports hoth on and olT campus, 
onere.tse ;,chool Splrll . and h,l\'(' an oycrall good 
11111t' There arc plenty of opcnlnp,s lor both 
p,eneral st.lff .tnd o rrll'crs. Appltcmions .He 
""'lIlahle from Patty tn the A.S oif.ce or call Anita 
DdBello.1t 452-0196 or P,1U1 Lanning at 259-
" tNI Dnn't be ,. couch potato - get aCllve and 
catch the \\'.lI'e l 

Surf Club 
The U _SD ~urr Club Will .. ponsor .1 mntl'st 
open", •• 11 UC D students Jturd"y_ OClllhcr 
171h .11 BI.llk .. !le.l, h .11 700,1 on Admlssonn IS 
500 .md Sign-ups Will be ~lIthls week on the 
pl~z., or .11 t h,' Surf Club Meeting on Thur-;d,IY. 
Il 00 P m MCC I H For more tnlorm,ltIon 
wnt.Kt L.lurcl Dc.on .It 534-4037. 

Monday, October 12, J 987 15 

=-THE WEEKLVCALENDAR 
'.M .... -Flrn rTIOIIie of the Indian ftlm series - SatyaJlt 
Ray's "Pather f'anchall" In Bengali WIth English subtitles: 
freell In HSS 2250. 
I' •• p... - Latin Nnerican film senes sponsorrd by 
Sl'.LSI'. is ~aturlng the Cuoan film "My Aunt Nora" W* 
nesday Oct. 14 at 7:30 pm In HUL 1438. II r~aIing and 
rTIOIIing dramatization oHhe connla bet_ the customs 

ILL USTRATORS: 
ACADUIIC UIIVICU 

of the past and present. DAN CRIPE ........... .... " ...... pM - SIGI PLus, Systems of Int",aalve Gui-
....., dance and Infromatron is " CO"l'Uter-biIsed program of 
, ... II""" -lin Ode to ColurnllUS Day Ithat's today/ 
Columbus sailed the ocean blue, seeking birth control for 
meandyou 8eforethepill, the sponge, there __ e to buy, 
Columbus found condoms, what a guyl For more cantr ... 
c"ptiv .. s. poetry and great info - come to the birth con-
trol Info session. In the Red Room. Student Health. 

JE F F Q U A N career Information designed to hetp)lOU clarity)lOU' skills. values and occup"tiornl int"'ests For more information, come to Car ..... ServIces Cent"'. I'IdmIsslon SID. 
S D 1 ........... -DIIOP-INIIOVISINGHOURS: Forheip E A N U F F V "nding desirable part-time "'"Pioyment. det",mining ca-~ r .... r goals . ... arching for jobs or exploring pro~s"""" or upstairs , ••• 101 poll - GENERAL THEAAPY GROUP FOR UNDERGRADUI'I TE STUDENTS. This group is for students with sec.al, peer or relationship concerns. """"atlon/in-

dlviduation issues, ... If-esteem cone",ns, and lade 01 asser-
tivenesS. Lrd by Undsey Stroben and Brian Johnson. Call 
Undsey at 534-0249 for a preliminary inteMew and 
Information In HlA. 100l 

Z graduate school opportUnities. No appointment neces-sary. JUSt walk-In. ~trd .n the Car ..... 5eMces Cent"'. t.: .. -~\Q 0 0,J =:.. -ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENTII-TION. if you are W1t .. restrd In partICipating in the Car ..... SeNICes Center on-campus InteMew"'9 program thIS quart"'. it is maoo..tory that you anend one of thes .. 
orrentations before you inteMeW. In the Career Serllices 
Center. ....... pM - GAADLV\ TE WOMEN IN HUMANI-

TIES, This IS a weekly support group for graduat .. women 
studentS In the Humanities concernrc! with personal, pro-
fessional. and acadl!'mlc issues. Led tI\I ChOoch BuS51!'. Call 
Chooch at 534- 3585 for Information and slgn-up In HSS 
2126 
.. .... 10 .... - WOMEN IN MEDICINE. This group 
will focus on coping skillS u ... ful in medical school and the 

pro~ion. we will explOre the rol .. of heal", In the com-
munlt)! as -'I as ~I issues which may arlSl!' around 
romanc .. , frll!'ndshlp, and achi~1. If Int",estrd. we 
will also focus on pe~ism and how to balance and 

u~tand this issue Lrd tl\l1II!'v HarjU and Karl" Mat"'"". 
Call Bev at 534- 398 7 for information and sign up. 

~ 
I ' ... I'"pIII -II romantic "'ndII!'Iight dimI!'r. II walk 
on the beach under a beautiful moonHghl. then)lOU suI}-
Clenly reahze that)lOU don't ~ .my proreaionl8e pr .... 
parrd. Come to our session and find OUt more - the birth 
~~Ol info ""sion. Second fIiOor, Studmt Health __ ~_~.-.~;;;s;:,.... 

' ... 1.10 .... - LET GOOF SlWESSIIND RELAX. For al ~ 
UCSO students. this group is designrd to teach methods ~ 
of relax'ng and deahng w.tn stress whi<:h can be usrd for a 
lifetime. Students may attend all sessions, o r drop in to ary 
one of them as convenient Led by Sara Nraye. In HUL 
1003. 
,.».:" po. - GENERAL THEAAPY GROUP FOR 
OLDER 120-30/ UNDERGAADUA TE WOMEN. The group 
15 deSlgnrc! for the spec.fic population of age 20 to 30year 
old undergraduate women and w.II focus on personal and 
Imerpersonal conce,"s 01 group members led t7j Debbie 
IIlIen Call Debbi .. "t 534- 3S85 for Information and Sign 
up In HSS 2126 
wedneldIty 
I Z,OC)-I.oo pill - It's ewong. adventurous • • nlormalNe 
and certa.nly more 1"",1y t~n your everyday DKllOgy class 
sk.p your class and come to our seSSIon !JuSt kiddrngl. YOU 
w.1I not fall asleep .n the Dorth control .nfo seSSIon In the 
2nd I1oor. Student Hea~h Rrd Room 
S,OC)-',JO pili - GENERAL THERAPY FOR WOMEN 
MEDICAL STUDENTS. ThIs group" des.gnrd for the Spl!'-
ofre populat.on .noted and w.1I focus on personal and 
.nterpersonal concerns of group members Led by Debb.e ..... - ~"""..., 
Allen. 534-35B 5. Call Debbie for Information and sign up 
In HUL 1003 
"'U"dIty 
I ,.OC)-I ," pili - Do you know the pH 01 the vag.na 
and why t~t's .mportant? How aoout a female's need for 
caIC.um and "on? Ever really dIScussed t~t first """m 
With? if you answered 'no' to ary one 01 the51!' quesllom. 
please JOin US at the Well WOman SesSion In the Red 
Room. Student Health J,. 5." p... - SUPPORT GROUP FOR BLI'ICI( 
WOMEN. II w .... kly support group for BI",k women 
fgraduate or undergraduate/ focusing on personal • • nter-
personal and ac.ldemi<: issues Led tI\I Rochell .. B<lstien. 
Call Rochelle at 534- 3035 for .nformallon and sign-up. In 

t~ Third College Dean's Offic ... 
..... ..." 

.. 1.1 hOI _ - GAY liND BISEXLV\L MEN'S SUI'-
PORT GROUP. IV1 on-go.ng confidential support group 
for OOth undergraduate and graduate men whO are either 
questioning their s .. xuaUty or wno alreacly Identify as gay 
or DiSl!')(IJal. MeetS weekly. Time may change if enough 
people are Interested in time change. In HUL 1003 
, ..... " ..... - ALCOHOL -"ND SUBSTIINCE MUSE 
GROUP. If you've ~r asked "00 I have a probleml'. 
chances are )IOU do have a few things to talk abOut. 
StudentS of ary age or history with substanCes are wel-
COml!'. Lrd tI\I Dan Munoz. Call Dan at 534-1579 for more 
information and sign-up In the R~11e College Provost's 
Ollic ... 
•• 0.1.10 pM - CAMPUS BLI'ICK FORUM. A weekly, 
informal discussion group on the .ssues. concerns. and the 
quality of life of the Black community at UCSO TIlts" an 
on-going group and students can JOin arty lime. Students 
can call 534- 3035, If they have question. o t/1erwlSt' 
can Just come to the group. In the Mounta.n Vl."", I· "",'''''' 

1100 .... - THE MAIIKETI'IBLE RESUME WOIIKSHOP. 
Learn how to construct a statl!'-Of-thI!'-art resume that w.II 
make you Sland out from the crOwd. In the eareer Serllices 
Center. 
......., 
Ih" _ - FINDING THE HIDDEN JOB MAfII(ET. 
BO'!I. of all joO vacancies ar .. u~lsrd. Tnis workshop 
will teach you the mosl effect~ wily to ftnd them. In the 
Career Services Cent"'. 
1101 .... - ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENT-
A TION. If you ar .. intereslrd in partiCip"t.ng in the Career 
Services Cent'" on-campus inleMewing program this 
quart"'. it is maoo..tory that you anend one of theSI!' 
orientations befor .. you int...-w In the ear ..... Serllices 
Cenl"'. 
''''pM -WHI'I T EMPlO\'fRS LOOK FOR WHEN HIR-

\ 

ING_ IlIhat criteria do employers u ... to aSSI!'SS candidates] 
How much adIIancrd r ..... arch IS necessary before you 
.nlerview] This panel presentation w.1I address these 
Issues and more In the Car ..... SeMces Cent'" 
.. ." .... .,. 

~I'" PIlI - PRE-LI'IW INFORMATION SESSION Con-sidering an adIIancrd degree? Learn how to prepare for ~ adm.ssion. includ.ng the apphcalJon process In the Career ~ ServiCes Center 
""""dIty 
J.oo pm - PRE-GRADLV\ TE INFORMI'I TION SESSION 
Cor'ltJe(lng an adVancrd degr .... ? Learn how to prepare 
for """"'1>:0(1. Includ'ng the appllcat.on process In the 
Career SeNICes C '""ter 
1'"dIty 
10:00 _1:00 ..... - OUEST INTERIW\TlOIW\L 'B7 
Ever com.derrd the reward to an experrence abroad? 
,-earn about the vartety of optionS a'IrIallab~ [0 you to 
study_ work or crave/In other countries at thiS Informal fair 
EnJOY '",ernallonal goodies too In the Int"'""tronal C..".. 
ter 
Sacu,d." 
•• " am - IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER lin all-day 
WOrl<>hop to .dent.IyVlable career optK>r1S Ihrougtl ext..".. 
SIV .. self-assessment. SIgn up by ThursOily, Oct 15. LJm.ted 
sp",e ""ailable In me Cdr .. er Services Center 

/ 
/ '// lk-

~NlZAnONAL •• nI_ 
....., 
... 11." ..... - UCSO racquetball club meets for 
round-rooon play. New players of all I ...... " always wel-
come . . Call Laurel Ix4037/ or Steve 145~0399. even.ngs 
only/ for info In the Canyonvoew Courts. 
TUeIdII)' 
.. " _ - lire you Intere51rd .n archery. Ne you an 
~.perrencrd arc~r or cross-oowman. or .nterested In 
earn.ng the art and sport of archery? Then come to the 

IIrchery Club fun shoot on the range t7j the baseball field. 
.," pM - The Ta. Chi Chuan club w.II be te..ch'ng the 
1'-', 'I Yang form of raj ChI Cruan. the Chinese mart.al 

~ I exercise for fr .... ~ry Tuesday by the natatorrum 
J .• 'Ui for tree 
. :00-'101 ..... - The DemocratIC clUb IS having Its 
, • ekly bOard meet.ng. In the mu~i-purpose room 
6:00 .... - SAM. - a student assoc.atron for manage-
• I~ II - general meellng and FREE BBO. "" are welcome. 

~,ont to of TCSS. 
a:"II .... . - Lesbi.., "nd Gay O<ganllat!O(l general meet-

.n the Mult'purpos .. room in the Student Center 
, " "ond I100r acove A S. Leaure Not .. ServIces. "" int"'-
· ~rd are .nvited 
wadi .Itt.,. 
1 ... '101 .... - RTS SkateOOard Club. Int",estrd .n 

:at.ng a ramp on campus] COme and cneck us OUI at the 
· nt meeting of the fall '87. 41" _ - Ne you Interestrd In archery. lire you an 

·~j~~d arc~r Of cross-bowman. or tnter~tf!'d in 
earn.ng me art and sport 01 archery7 Then come to the 
"rchery CluD fun shoot on the range by the baSl!'ball field. 
.... ,.~ pili - The Democratic ClUb WIll host a..rb 
a..mberger from the Sierra Club Wltn a presentation on 
t:Jostria Electrons In San DIego. In the multipurpose room 
.101 .... -AWE - TheIlmer.canSocletyofMecIY rcal 
Engineers at UCSO. Pr .... IIMES orrentatlOn/general meet-
ing. Find out aoout upcoming toon. speak ..... competl-
trons. GIve your ideas for future ~ and programs. In 
the Inlem.lt"""" C.mer lounge 
............ - Go cluD meeting. Play the world's 
Oldest and most fascrnating boMd game. New or expl!'-
roencrd pI¥rS welCome. BrIng your 51!'! and chaltengr 
OIhers of ~k. sk.". In the multIPUrpose room. 
........ - Surl CIuD meets - come sign up for the 
UCSO surfing ClassIC Sat. Oct_ 17 ill BIae"'s ee",h. IS entry. 
Other .mportanl club and t .. am .nfo to be dlSucssed. surf 
VIdeOs to follow - aU are welComelln MCC 124. 
......." 

, ....... - Chi ~ CtvlStian FdowshIp meets at 7:00 
pm In the Norm Cant IIOOm ISludent Cent .. /. 

... UGlOUS I'UNCnONS 
--,. 

.......,..s.e. 

........ - CatholIC ~ss. Sponsored tl\lthe Catholic 
Communlt)! at UCSO. In the unlvenity Lutheran Church. 
Corner of N. Torrey FInes and La Jolla Shores Dr. 
--,. 
, ........... - Come jOin the lISian I'Imerican Chros-
tian FellOwship as we learn aoout "Agape Lover ' Our 
gUl!'St speak", is ~. Brian ~kamura of the San Diego 
Japanese Christian Crurch 1111 are welComel In the 

~ Informal Lounge 
~ 
, ........... - WeeklyB.bIe Stuctyfor thos"who need 
answers to fundamentalISm and its world view JOIn us for 
stimulating InqUiry into God's truth. and bring your mind . 
united Campus M.mtry serves Presbyterran. LI1Ited 
Church ot Chnst. MethodISt. and DISCIples students on 
campus. 1111 are welcome. refresnments follOw. In the 
Student Center 8idgJ 'B' South Conf. I!m 
7.10 pili - Tuesday NIght DIscuSSionS. In t~ un~ 
Lutheran Church Catholic lounge. corner of N. ~ 
PInes and La Jolla Shores Drive 
•• " pili - NOT FOR CHRISTIANS ONl VI Straight taII<-
lng non-denommatlonal Blbl~ diSCUSSions rt'INant to stu-
dents' "ves Call D""~ at 453-0236 In Ngo " lounge. 
Ie" pili - NOT FOR CHRISTtI'INS ONLVI Straight-
talk'ng non-denomlnatlona. B.bie dISCUSSIOns on SUOjl!'CtS 
releVant to students lIVes In Urey Hall. fourth noor Phone 
535-0074 
-dIty 5," p ... - B,bi .. stucly for undergraduates Ird t7j Cam-
pus Pastor John Huoer "" are w,,'come In the unlVers.ty 
Lutheran Church. across form Revelle 
.," pili - Student supper. served t7j townspeople 
Open to all St 50 donatIOn requestrd if you eat at the 
cafett'na. Just come and enJOY our ft'llowship In the- U11-
v"'''ty Lutheran Church 7," po. - B.ble Stucty for everyone. lied by Campus 
Pastor John Huber '11 N .. w Beglnlng - Ezra. Nenemrah. 
Hagg..r and Zecrnnah " Jo.n this ovefVIew of the whole 
Bible In t~ Ur1111='ty Lutheran Church 
1:" p ... - "lire We lllOne .n the unillene r Color sl.des 
of Mt wn.tney. Yosem.te. La~e Tahoe dnd other scenIC 
SIerra locallOns w .1I Ce shown 0)1 Cd"l'US Pastor John 
Huoer. open to '"''''ryone In the Ur1IV .. nity Lutheran 
Church. across Rt· .~he 
".pIII - Cano'd,ght Mass. Sponsored t7j tloe CatholIC 
Stud nt Coordi""tors at UCSD. II qu.et. meditarw time 
for sha;"'9 WIth othen In the unrversity Lutheran Churct1. 
corner of N Torrey PInes and-La Jolla Shores Dr. 
11tun..." 
SI.' pili - The Thursday Dinner. I'ILL YOU CAN Ell TI 
Homemade tood and great company Sponsorrd by the 
Catholic Student Coordinaton. In the Ur1"""'ity Lutheran 
Church Catholic Lounge Corner of N. Torrey Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Drille. 
7.10 pili - NOT FOR CHRISTtI'INS ONL VI Straight talk-
'ng non-deno""""tlOnal Bible diSCUSSIOn on sulljects rele-
vant to students lives In the Third College Center for the 
People. Pt1on~, 535-0655. 
7 •• pili - B.Dle stucly - EpIScopal college students. In 
the St. Elizz:Jeth'S Church 2825 Merton llvenue. 
- NOT FOR CHRISTIIINS ONL VI Straight taUcing non-
~mlnatlOnal 81"'~ diSCUSSion on subj«ts refNiWlt to 
students ' I""". Call Laur" at 455-1476. at Warren apts. 
7.10 ..... - NOT FOR CHRISTtI'INS ONL VI Stratght talk-
Ing non-denominatIOnal BlbI~ dISCUSSIOn on sulljects rele-
vant to students Irves. lit South Mes.l IIpt 91381. Tory 
458-1687 • 
7.10 ..... - NOT FOR CHRISTtI'INS ONL VI Stra'ght talk-
Ing non-denominatIOnal BIble discussIOn on sul!fl!'ClS rele-
vant to students Irves. lit Thrrd Center for the People. 
Danry 535-0655. 
'.10 ..... - Bible stucly - EpIScopal college students. St. 
Eliz"beth·s Church. 2825 Merton live For information call 
Fr. BIll Matlecly at 565-6661. 
,.» •. " p ... - InterVars.ty Christ.an Fellowship -
Large group meeting: LEO'S HEREI lin ~t no one 
should moss. In TtH 104. 

~ 
•• " & 10 ... _ - Ep'seop,,' Church WOrkshop Ser-
vICe -Sunday Eucharist and P"rrsh f .. liowship lit the Good 
Samaritan Episcopal Church 4321 Eastgate ~H - across 
Genessee from .. ast and of campus. north of La Jolla 
V111age Dr. Intenearon of E",tgat .. Mall and Genesee. 
"10 _ - Cathohc Mass. Sponsored t7j the Catholic 
Commun.ty at UCSO. In th un~.ty Luther an Crurcl>-
comer of N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Dr. 
9JOO _ - COllege age class for Stucly and ~IIoW5hlp 
held weekly w.th.n easy access to campus. Sponsorrd ~ 
unitrd Campus MiniStry - UCSO. lit the Torrey FInes 
CtvlStlan Crurch. 8320 La Jolla Scenic Drllle, North. 
.... _ - lire )IOU int",estrd in archery. Are you an 
~~r~(ed arcoo or cross-bo"'-""'CWl. Of Intt't'rst~ in 
learning the art and sport of archery? Then come to me 
archery club fun shoot on the range tI\I me basl!'Call ~. 
In the on-c~ archery range. 
1 .... _ -II forml!'(m'SSKJnal)l.n Cenu"llImeri<:a. Or 
RObert Gusslck. WIll preach during the Luther an worship 
hour. Refreshmencs are s~ 1111 welcoml!'. In t~ lkIi-
versny Lutheran Crurch. across from _ .... 
11111_ - BIble SlUcly: " I and 2 Ctvonicles." lied by Tom 
EdWards_ Open to all. In the University Lutheran Crurch . 
........ - Cathohc Mass. Sponsored 0)1 the Catholic 
Commun.ty at UCSO. In the Unlvenity Lutheran ChUrch 
Corner of N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla SI1tns Dr. 
.... pM -Catholic Mass. Sponsored tI\I the CatholiC 
Communoty oK UCSO. In the ~ Lutheran ChUrch 
Comer of No Torrey fines and La Jojla Sflores Dr. 



16 Monday, Octllh", 12, 1987 

SPORTS 

M. water polo vs. 
PQ!'nOUa-Pitzer 

M. soccer vs. 
U,c. Santa Cruz 

M/ W cross country \'5, 
Redland , USD 6;[ UCR 

UCSD 

UCSD 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 

Houre 

Regents Park Center 
(Next to Anthony's) 

Mon.·Sat. 7 am·9 pm FREt:· I Hr, V.IMI.ted P.rki.!! 
Sun. 8 am·6 pm (In !l"rage under bUIlding) 

2:00 pm 

W· lO:OO am 
M-IO:30 am 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• FREE ; FREE ; FREE • 
• 16·0z. Soft Drink Ice Cream SaDdwich Side Order Cole Slaw. 
• with purchase of any Hot • with purchase of any Hot . or Potato Salad • 

Dog, Deli Sandwich • Dog, Deli Sandwich • with purchase of any Hot • 
• Or Main Salad Dish • Or Main Salad Dish • Dog, Deli Sandwich 
• I coupon per customer. Cannot I coupon per customer. Canhot Or Main Salad Dish • 
• 

be used with ~ny other coupon. I be used with any other coupon. I 1 coupon per customer. Cannot . 
Good •• y h",e Moa,-S... Good .fter :I PM Mo • . -F". be used with any olher coupon 

• 
EXPIRES 11/ 21/ 87 • All D.y SaL. -S... • Good ".y time Mo • . - S ••. • 

• EXPIRES 10/ :H/87 • EXPIRES 10/ 2 1/87 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

fOCUS: 
MRTIAL ARTS 
An Evening of Performance ~ Participation 

Friday, October 16 
8PM Main Gym 
(Free admission) 

Come see the treasures of the Orient 

Peiformance: Exhibitions by: 
TANG SOO DO 

JAPAN KARATE DO. KUAN CHUAN FA 

AOINAGI KARATE. T'AI CHI CH'UAN 

HW A RANG DO. TAEKWONDO. AIKIDO 

--

• 

10/18 M. so~ vs, Domir'ntan 
W. v-ball vs . 
College of Notre Dame 

Davis 

UCSD 

Belmont 

TBA 

j, . 11:00 am 

1:00 pm 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

j ('f) 
gaOl · 

U~l)oltald!m &flou. 

lojollotlO 7140 Miramar Rd. San plego 
1L.~IIIIIIi_-----------________ _ 

---ALL AMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ 

II 
II 

Quarter Pounder ®with Cheese, Large Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink COaII YOIue: 1/ 20 ot 1 c .... II 

II II Limit one coupon per II customer, per visit. Please 'Just $1 99 :1 
I present coupon when I ordering. Not valid with 

. II any other offer. 

b;) =.'-!-~-
---------

(plus tax) II 
Only at: II 

7140 MI,ama~Rd' San Diego 
~ 

-----iiiiiiiiiiii 

BUD LIGHT 
SEPTEMBER 

Athlete of the Month 

SuOMI Kramer ~ ~ 
INomen's Soccer 
Junior. Warren College 
Management Science 

For Susan Kramer and the UCSDwomen'ssoccer team, the 1987season gOl off to 
a rocky start, The Tritons lost the season opener, 3-0, to a strong team from Cal 
State-DomInguez Hills, before bounCIng back for a 2-1 win over Westmont College. 

Since that time, however, Kramer has led the nation 's second-ranked team to an 
amazing streak of seven consecutive shutouts and a record of 7-1. The junior 
sweeper has used experience and field leadership to help the team overcome injuries 
to two key defensive players. She has also taken much of the pressure off of freshman 
goalkeeper Julie Freiss, who has allowed just 0.5 goals per game. 

" Susiln's abilIty to read game situations and adjust not only her defense but her 
teammates at mId-field make her a natural on-field coach," says Triton coach Brian 

MCManu~ , "We rarely substItute for Susan, as she is both physically and mentally fit 
to last the full game:' 

Streaks, such as not al!owing a goal to one 's opponents, cannot last forever. But 
the Triton's streak of six shutouts has captured the attention ofthe national pollsters. 
who rank UCSD second behind defending national champion Rochester. For her 
contributIon to this stellar defensive performance, Susan Kramer has been named 
8ud Ught Athlete of the Month for September. 

Other nomInations for September were the outstanding efforts of Janet Hughes 
of Women 's Volleyball, David Calder of Men's Water Polo, Mike 8rad ley of Men's 
Soccer, and Denise McFayden of Cross Country. 

M,'nday , Odobrr 12, J 987 17 

SPORTS 

Guardian/BJ. '5 Pizzeria Sports Trivia Quiz 
Hey ponsfan s l So the 

last few qUIzzes have been 
easy, which has mea nt a lot 
of correct entries. But there 
can be only one weekly win-
ner. Therefore, a tally wi ll be 
kept and the perso n with 
the most correct entries will 
WIn a free meal at Bj.'s at 
the end of the year, Right 
now, Don Elder is leading 
the pack with three, followed 
closely by SCOtt Good man 
with two. 0 keep sending 
those ent ries in and catch 
these guys! 

Questions: 
1. What is parky Ander-
son's real name? 
2. What two players in this 
year's playoffs have the only 
chance of being in the World 
Series two straight years? 
3. Who is the Triton goalie 
for women's so cer? 
4. Who is golrs "Golden 
Bear"? 
5, What is Whitey Herzog's 
real first name) 
6, Who was the youngest 
pit her to receive the Cy 
Young Award? 

Don't Fade Away . • • 

ton Lines 
TANNING SALON 

SWIMWEAR. SPORTSWEAR. LOTIONS 
WE FEATURE WOLFF BEDS 
WITH BRAND NEW BULBS! 

7. Who holds the reco rd for 
most interceptions in an 

Last week's answers 
l. Ray Knight 

• All entn cI must be In th e 
GuardIan offICe b 4 pm Fnday,four 
days ufter the Issue date (e ntries may 
be I11mled to Ihe Guardian , B-0 16, 
La Jolla. CA 92093), 

FL season? 2. Tim Piznarski 
8, Who played the most 
consecutive games in the 
NBA? 

3. Ted Will iams 
4. the Chicago Bears 
5. Randy Fran ke 

• Only UCSD sludents,faculty and 
staff may enter WInners WIll be 
asfcd to show thm UCSD lD cards 
to claIm pn::.es. 9. Where did Jim Plunkett 

attend college? 
6. Steve Boros 
7. ew York Rangers 
8. Finland 

• 111 tile event of a tIe or a dispute , 
Ihe Judges WIll nave the fi nal dw-
Slon , If there IS more than one cor-
rect ('n lry, Ihere WIll be a draWing t6 
clelCnlltne who WinS the prize. 

10, Who won Super Bowl 
11I? 9, Iowa vs. SDSU 

10. Dan Marino 

Last week's winner 
Scott Goodman 

Eco nomics 
Mission Viejo, Calif. 

• Willners and pnzes WIll pe prtnted 
Cl'ery Monday 
• The GuardIan staff. employees oj 

B.J 's Pi::.::.cna , and Ihelr Imm ediale 
fall1l/rcs are mcllglnle .. 
• Entries should include name, 

add ,'ess, leleph one nUll1her, major 
and hometown. 

., '.:\ ... Jolla Village Square 
, ~\ 

,I.' ~). Dental Group Offers You I 
\ !&'" . CosmetIC BondIng • Visa or Mastercard 

.,/ • Eventng Appts • Instant Insurance 
• Stereo Headphones Evaluat,on 
• N,uous O~lde • Student D,scounts 

,. • 24 Hour Emergency Serv.ce 
.0, ... Surgery ro,w'ldom teeth eJltr .. ct'on 

a. INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••• "' ................ . 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY SZ9 

Includes CleanIng & PolishIng. X·Rays, Oral Cancer E .. m and PTlvate Consultation. Regular 174 

Offered to: students~ Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thomas K. Duncan DD.S • Bradley A Ross. DD.S 
Member: ADA. CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

VONSCENTER 
7748 Regents Rd . • VISNMC 458-0108 8861 VIII. U jail. Dr., Suite SOl (behind Klnko's) 455-9151 

OFFERING CAREER OPPORTUNITIES IN: 
ENGINEERING 
Biochemical 
Chemical 
EJeClrlcaJ 
Environmental 
Ir.duslrlal 
Mechanical 

LAW 

SCIENCE 
Biological ScienctS 
Biochemistry 
Chemistry 
Computer Science 
Medidne 
I'harmacol08Y 
Pharmacy 
Veterinary Medicine 

BUSINESS 
AccounllnK 
Business 
Finance 
Human lesourctS 
Industrial lelations 
Markelln!! 
SaltS 

UBERALARTS 
To learn more about MEICK, visit with our representltivtS when they 

corne to your campus or write direCIly to: 

~-'-- .. -' •• "111..1& 1'.0 . lox 2000 
Rahway, New jfrsry 07065 
IItftk b 1ft ..... _'O ... V I 
... , .... ", ICdon ~yt' 



18 Monday, Ocro/>cr 12, 1987 

SPORTS 

YOUR STUDENT TRAVEL CENTER 
Cheap fares 
plus rallpasses. 
International student 
10, tours and 
much more. 
Ask about our free travel 
catalog. Book now for 
Thanksgiving and Christmas, 

SAN FRANCISCO , , , , , , , , , , , , , , $7. 
CHICAGO " ", ..•..•.•• " •• $169 
WASHINGTON. D.C. ,. , •.. . .. , . $220 
NEW YORK ••• , • .. , . • • • , •. , , . $227 
LONDON .•.••• ,., ••• ,.".,. U19 
AMSTERDAM ..• ...• .••.. , ... U19 
HONG KONG .•••..•. , , . . . .. . S609 
BANGKOK ••• , ••• , .• , . . . • . . . $699 
SyDNEY . ••.• , .•....•••.•... $7. 

SALON FOR lE:\: 
ALL FARES ROUND TRIP 50% off 

HAIRCUT UNCL I S[ lime clients only (regularly 17.50) 
Council Travel Services 

452-0630 
UCSD STUDENT CENTER -----' 

754 J Eads Ave . 
La Jolla 

456 -3880 

'Ewo Incredibly Deli" ... ., 
Anthony's 

Shrimp & Fries Co 
for the Price of 0 

--------4-::;;-:9 ... 5~\ 
SA\fE one When yOU bUY 

. & fr\es combO. 
Shrimp the"s the 0 

FRlil 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• 
• I 
I 
I 
I 

"Mr. Shrimp" is our little bait to 
invite you to experience quick and 
inexpensive seafood dining at 
Anthony's New La Jolla Fishette. Our 
famous shrimp & fries combo comes 
with tender battered shrimp, crisp 
garden salad and complimented 
with our fresh cut golden french 
fries . Join us at the New La Jolla Fish-
ette for dinner indoors or outdoors 
on the patio. 

Cut out our "Mr. Shrimp" coupon 
and bring him into the Fishette at 
Anthony's La JolJa with one of 
your friends and receive 2 shrimp 
& fries combos for the price of one. 

Good for the shrimp & fries combo 
at the Anthony's La Jolla Fishette 

only. Available from 4-8 p.m. only. 
Offer expires October 30, 1987 

Quick Service Seafood Menu- Open Daily 
Pllhette - La Jolla Village Drive at Regents Rd. 

(Anthony's La Jolla)· 457-0597 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

.------------, 
: klnko~e : 
I BACK TO SCHOOL I 
I I 
I SPECIAL I I I 

I 

2 FOR 1 
Two copies for 

the price of 
one on our 

self-serve 
machines. 

Good through October, 191:1 1 

.. 55 VIII. u Joli. Dr. 

457-.775 
Only one coupon per visit Ii ___________ .. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

X-counny 
takes 2nd 
Continued rrom page 12 

"Our object was to beat the NAIA 
and Division III schools," S[anfonh 
sa id .. Since CSU Long Beach is 
DiviSIOn I that goal was accom-
phshed. 

As for the women's team, tOP 
runners Denise MCFayden and 
SabrinaJen en continued their suc-
cess by placing third and fifth , 
respectively. Running against eight 
full [earns , the Triton women lu~t 
only to CSU Long Beach 55·72. 
The women have lost only twice all 
year, including Saturday'S defeat by 
Long Beach. The other loss arne 
against Division I UC Santa Bar· 
bara. 

"We are ru n n i ng really well." 
Stanforth sa id of his women team. 
"As opposed to [he men , the women 
run with strength in top finis hers 
! Mc Fayden and Jensen l." The men, 
on th e other hand , finish as a 
group. which is ju t as good if nOl 
better insurance for a viclOry 

The cross country team hosts an 
invi[ational thi s Saturday agai nst 
Red lands, USD and UC Rlversiae 
but the big event IS on Nov. 14 
when they head 10 the Regional III 
Belmont. California. 

"This being my first year, I'm not 
really sure about [he compeLHion ." 
Stanforth said . "As I understand It 
the ones to beat are Claremont' 
Occidental and the College of otr~ 
Dame, to go to the NCAA as a [ea rn 
Individually. I don't really know. I 
thtnk we stand a good chance of 
goi ng through ." ~ 

V-ball 
wins 3-0 
Continued rrom page 12 
UCSD qu ic kly assessed the situa· 
tion , decided [hat the PengUins 
had scored 100 many poi nts al-
ready, and allowed only one more 
point [or the remainder of the 
game. 

Dunng the 14-1 run. the senior 
se tter Lipson put on a cl ime, col-
lecting the bulk o[ her 33 assists on 
the night and toyi ng mercilessly 
with [he Dominican team as she 
faked numerous sets and pro-
ceeded to hammer speeding kills 
to [he dismay of the PengUins. 

During the intermission break 
contest (fan s attempt 10 serve [he 
ball into a basket on [he other side 
of the net for a prize), Penguin 
head coach Debbie Price appeared 
to be studiously prepan ng charts 
and consulti ng game plans in an 
attempt to terminate the Triton 
onslaught. Whatever shc was doing 
obviously had little effecl, for aside 
from some shakiness In the early ' 
going. [he Tritons showed no mercy 
in the fina l game and cmerged as 
15 -5 victors. 

There was little doubt as [0 who 
stOle [he show [or the llIlons. The 
All-American Lipson nOl only led 
both [earns In her CUSlomJry cate· 
gory, assists (33) , but ,,1 .,0 In serve 
aces (4), and led Ul. [) tn digs 
with six . Furthermore. ,hc fi nished 
with the third highest kill pe rce n-
[age (.556) and only r 'te hed one 
of her kill attempts. FHshman Sta-
cie Sasaki led the Il',lnh wi th a 
1.000 kill pe rcentage (,h, ~lIccess· 
fully convened both 01 he r kill 
attempts) while Bigelow flll ished 
behind her with a .63fl p.:rccntage. 
Bigelow and se nior 1."1, ! ,t hnow, 
who played middle bill. kCI III place 
of [he mJurcdJanet Hu Ill' led [he 
teams in kills WIth CI til ,I piece. 

Please see V-BALL. oage 19 

V-ball 
wins 3-0 

Continued from page 18 
The only memher of the Penguin 
squad 10 shme was Kerri Desmond 
who led borh tcams in digs with 
seven. 

"It wa>; pretty diffu:ult bcn'u~c 
Lori had nevcr pla)'cd middle 
blocker hefore ." Lipson s,lId "It 's 
]u<;t roo bad that (h ey !Dllmllllc,m! 
couldn 't hd\'e been a little tougher " 

Carol Lipson (#6) with the block. 

UCSD head coach Doug Dan-
nevik's fee lings toward the compe-
tition his team fa cd were SImilar 
to Lipson's but added , "We mostly 
worked on tactic s that we will need 
to use more frequcn tly Iatcr on in 
the yea L Monday's game will he a 
much tougher malch .. 

Monday. thc Tritons face Co r-
tland ollege from New York . wh o 
is curren tly rankecl 13th in the 
mHion . 

AII·AmertGlIl middle blocker 
Janet Hughes ha s strained liga-
ments in her left ankle and is not 
expected baek In the lineup until 
next weekend. (f) 

Sports 
Writers 

Meeting! 
(new and old) 

This Friday 
at 4:30 pm 

at 
the Guardian 

Get an "An with an AT 
Fast, Affordable, & Reliable!! 
SCSI 286/8 MHz 
Basic System 
• 8028b 11, btl (PU 
• \ 11K HAM "'!Moo •• hlt' tn I M8 
• 8 slou uwo 8 nil \01\ 1& htl 
• (Ioe Ult"lldoil ..... ,Ih o.." ... ro, "',11 l. up 
• fully IBM AT wfnp.ll.blf' '''''111''1 ,pt't'd 

AMI 810\ I~" nf'n In USAI 
• Fully tooilleurpod dod 1f""It'(j 

48 houf\ bum· In 
• E .. \y 10 iollow ,n./(O( IIOO m,JnU • .r 
• ~ull OM t Uf' W,." .. "I.,. 
• "-1.KW In U{jA 

Special Student 
Discount 

Made 
in USA 

Mono system EGA System SCSI Turbo XT 
• KI,8S: eN Jo ~.;. "III 8 MHz (1 0J12 MH.l optional) 

SCSI 286 BiSic S~stem plus: 
8 MHl (10111 MHl optlon .. l) 
SCSI 286 Baste sysltm plus: • F,., ,,, 1fo\1I.\ t·'IJ.I· .. I.thl"(I ,.,Jot, 

• tt"" ul .... tomp.f"hh. "1()nf~!"rlhl( 
I.ml ·6UII .. hOI 

• Iti\.1 (If.I~h~ Mf""" !1lt.In11l" 
• [)Uo.ll 'Ipro IVfwl.II .. , , .. "I 
• I 1MB iI'J4~ rim" 

• !lIKh , .. , .. /11 ... 1,0" H."- \_Ifd • ,,, .. hi,, 
Itl "'Iuno (fllo, ">41 H.o\ 

. 18"-1 QU<1Ihr-, mOftl'!>. f( ."..(." 
• Ou..tl Hll H) • 10,,11,,11,-, ( ud 
• I .t",S tluw~ dll\1 

• 11 ~h'h ... ·11 .. 1 u.n .• I,,·, 11111<1 
• n.JPIl'\ 1.>f!,",6!t·' .... '1" 

IhI)'" 11"",0\ rI"~, 
• '\1 ~I\I .. ~t·~hc).,',1 
• \.\001 'o(l"P~1I1 (."r!.llM1 

\, ... "011 "" ... '" 
• II.ud d"L .~.,I .. hlt· • 11.110 dj\1o. ~1o .. ,L1t>1I 

• J('JII' 1n' ,,~ IHI""! III \",1,'(.01 
If'tIl " \ ",,thf"h 

\\ I'" 1! "\8 It, ~i I $1295 til m. 0'1'" 
\\lln W"',B fuilill $1495 
' ... m .. O" ..... ' 

$995 

\\ Ilk 1IJ\" " 'I ttl 
hi rT" llf,u 

\"\'Ih 111""8 Full liT 
I'. n 1).,,,. 

$1398 
$1698 
$1898 

• ~ .... tI\ 18" 1""'1'01,,11 .. 
• . ,,'" ~I'd! .~.tI"'llt\ 

\\ ,rn .'n"',H 'II 
I , '" 11 ... .\ 0 .. " 

$699 
$999 

4 We 4'SO o rr1 ~ wide, ranse of EVER EX computer "CCfSsorle! such ofS Modems, Hard Disk (Se"'X4te). T .pe 
Backups, Multlfunclton BO<Irds. 1/0 Citds, EMS RO.1 rd~ (AT'Xn. Mouw. ell. 

Orfice Hou,~ 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM M-f 
I D:oo AM - ) :00 PM Sal. 

(714) 777-2943 IS.I .. , 
(714) 777-2945 (1«0"".15" ....... " 

/1.11 Soul hem (' dfi(Qrnid 5rslem" Inc. 
_ 1.180 t"",.ut'''' "H'ftUf' -ltwhf',m C"", qlIlO~ 

The UN IVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, offers an in ten· 
sive ABA Approved post graduate 14 week 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. This Program 
will enable you to put your education to work as a 
skilled member of the team. 

Friday, October 23rd at 11: OOam 

Career Services Center #103 
For more informat ion 
contact your career center at: 452-4939 
----t--u~~-----~;~~~~;~;~---

lJP Unl l'cNly Room318. Serra Hall San D,ego. CA 92110 d ,llJn DICSlJ (6t9) 260,4579 
Name ____________________________ __ 

Current Address ___________________________ _ 

City ___________ __ State __ Zip, ____ _ 

Current Phone II _____________________ __ 
Permanent Phone II 

A Choice, 
A Responsibility 

• Free prt'~l1i.1IH ·~ h'~ lin ~ 
• Ea rly prt"';! nUlw~ tf>l" lill ~ 
• PI'{'~IHIIH '~ lermiliuliull 
• (;t' lwral ur IOt'a l ant':-oth"1"ia 
• "le,lal falllil~ phlllllill ~ 

• ni ~l;.!nu~i~ &. tn'ullllf'lll 
of "> 'lllll1~' trall, lIIiw,,1 
di,{'a,I', (STir,) 

Family Planning 
Associates 
Medical Group 

San Diego 
6495 ANDrada Rd 
(619) 187-8216 

Sludeni d,scoufJ/ 
calilhe college Ime 
619 '165 ' 1006 

MO/ida y, OtCoher 12. 1987 1 C) 

SPORTS 

SAVE 'SOWlIII OUR 
SCHOOL YEAR SPECIAL 

Regul.rty S 199 

NOW 
'149 

building the 
body you've .'ways 
w_ed. 
Our advanced 
equlprMnt. expert 
Instructon. great 
location, special 
student rate and 
convenient payment 
plan can get you 
started loday. 

GOLDS 
GYM. 

4615 MISSion Bay Dr 
San Diego 

(behind Burger KlngJ 
272-MOO 

A 'ICOnsa' 0 ' Gold's Gym 
Emo'pmes 

UCID •• 0 ........ .... 
0Ifw •• pl ... 10/ 11/ 17 

i - - - - - - - - - - - With this ad 
-----------

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-t cs W.U s,."m· l 
ONE FREE SESSION. 30 Tan Days $39 

One to a customer . non members . Exp. 10/ 18/87 
I 
I , 

: EUROPEAN BODY WRAP I 
I I 

: Lose up to 26" : 
I I • • 
: In one sessIon : 
: $69 Call fpr details : 
I I I Men & women · do you want to lose unsightly cellulite I 
I & stretch marks · to tighten, tone and firm? I 
I • Not a temporary water loss program I 
I • Ask about money back guarantee I 
I Tan 4 Leaa & Pacific Tan I 
I Pacllic Beach La Jolla Spo,ls Arena I 
... 

581._9060 454·8826 224-9727 I 

--------------------------~ 
GRADUATING 

SENIORS 
interested in helping 

plan the 1988 Warren College 
Commencement ceremony 

Contact the Warren Dean's 
office by October 16 

in the 
Warren Provost Building 

534-4731 



20 MOlltiCI\ , Ou,,/ln 12, 1 q 7 

CI_lfted "'''lllnll II IOId In 100-
char ..... lncremenll. If .... I ....... punc-
..... on ",art! lind space -..w •• n Ihe 
_* II conlldered • char ...... with 
capital I ...... countlnll _ two ch .. ac-
t ..... Ther .. .,... 100ch .......... 11 for 
stucMntl. IJ for 'aculty ... d t ... ... d S4 
for others. ...,...ent In adv.nc. .. re-
quired; .............. acts ",ust be ",ailed 
with • checII ."' .... out to The UCSD 
Guardl .... orpresenred In person • .,..... 
lin ..... 4 P'" Monday for nHlncUYs 
pap .... 4 P'" ntund~ for Mondays p. 
p.... The Guardl... r .. _ rI.1It to 
reful. any acIwrt .. I"tII Indudl,. but 
not 1I"'1ted to COIIIp ... IONhlp ... For 
IIIOr. Inform_Ion c.1I SJ4.0466. The 
Gu.rdl .... UCsq, ~01 • • La Joll • • CA 
92"1. 

Announcements 

PROGRAMMER - ~ndlan Data. Inc IS the 
leadIng manufaaurer of CG-ROM development 
systems We have an excellent opportunIty for a 
software programmer to work full tIme In our 
growIng comr:>any ExpertIse In Unlx/Xenlx re-
QUIred. along WIth strong knowledge of net-
works. especIally ~II Full benefits Salary 
commensurate WIth abIlity. No smokIng please 
Send letter and resume to Personnel Depart-
ment, MOl. 1239LJnda Vista DrIVe. San Marcos. 
CA 92069 Phone 619/744-2400 (10/26) 

You WIll go to exotic lands Visit Ouest Interna-
tional 87 Oct 16. InternatIOnal Center I()'3 
(10/15) 

OUEST INTERNATIONAL 87 OCT 16. 1()'3 @ 
INTERNA TlONAL CENTER (10/15) 

A JOUrney of 1000 mIles begIns WIth a slllgie 
step Ouest International 87. October 16. 1()'3 
(10/15) 

Adventure lies ahead Ouest International 87 
WIll lead you there Oct 16. 1()'3 Int'l Center 
(1 0/1 5) 
You WIll go to exotIC lands ViSIt Ouest Inri 87 
October 16. UCSD Int'l Center. 1()'3 (10/15) 

Photo and VIdeo students land others WIth 
Interest ) The Del Mar Grand PriX IS comIng to 
Del Mar I()' 16 A photo and VIdeo contest IWlth 
cash awards 500+)15 now begInnIng to docu-
ment the efferu of the surroundIng communl-

I 
I 
I 

tIes We'lI help WIth costs For more Info call 
755-6634 (10/15) 

Explore your world Ouest International 87 A 
stucly/work/travel abroad faIr Oct 16. I()'3 
110/15) 
SkI Val1/8eaver Creek dunng Sun-chase Tours 
SIxth annual collegIate wInter skI breaks De-
cember 11-18 and celebrate Vall's 25th annlVer-
saryl Five or seven nIghts deluxe condomInIum 
lodgIng WIth lifts and partIes from only 5156 
Opllonal aIr and charter OUs transportatIon 
avaIlable Hurryl Call toll free for your complete 
color brochure 1-80()'321- 5911 todayl (10/12) 
AttentIOn I The UCSD yearbook needs you I 
OpenIngS for edItors. staff & photographers I 
Call 259--4891 (10/12) 
New foreIgn students are InVIted to the mayors ' 
p,cnIC on Oct I 7 (Sat) at MISSIOn Bay Lunch WIll 
be prOVIded SIgn up early at the UCSD Interna-
tIOnal Center Seats are limIted (10/12) 
Jobs - Arthur Anderson & Co WIll be recrUIt-
Ing at UCSD on Oct 19 See ad In thIS paper for 
detaIls (10/15) 
Interested InJOlnlng a soronty7 Come to AOPl 's 
Informal Rush Events. We have planned many 
fun & eXCIting aaMtles For more Info and/or 
ndes. please contact Joycee at 453-4810 Go 
Greek l (10/22) 
CommunIty ConnectIOns need Interns ASAP to 
assIst In vanous projects For more Info contact 
ASIO above the game room In the Student Cen-
ter of call 534-4689 (10/15) 
DId you ever thInk you could have any fun WIth 
Just 517 Well you canl Come to the Revelle Caf 
on Wed Oct 14 at 8 pm for AN EVENING OF 
COMEDY & JUGGLINGIII HAIII (10/12) 
FREE MOVIEI Famous IndIan dIrector SA TYAJIT 
RA Ys movIe PA THER PANCHALI WIll be 
screened at HSS 2250 Oct 13. 7 30 pm Spon-
sored by SANGAM - The AsIan IndIan Club 
(10/12) 
Come JOIn the Warren 8reakfast Club every 
Tues mornIng from 7·3().9 30 amll Cost IS only 
50CI Eat donuts. bagels. read the news and 
meet people in Warren's Provost bldg In the 
Conference Room (10/12) 
8erkman & DanIels need Interns In the advertIS-
Ing dept ASAP Contact ASIO for more detaIls 
(10/15) 
PaId volunteers for brain-wave studlt!'S of atten-
tion and/or language Expenments typICally 
COnsISt of a SIngle 3 to 5 hour sessIon. and WIll 

take place throughout the year Call between 9 
am and 3 pm to get on our phone hst ERP Lab. 
Dept of NeurOSCIences 534-3797 (10/15) 

Surf the UCSO ClaSSIC thIS Sat. Oct 17 7 00 am. 
slgnups are thIS week on the plaza or at the Surf 
Club meellng Thur oct 15 8'00 pm at MCC 124 
Entry IS 55. all UCSD students may enter (10/12) 

LAGO organIzatIonal meetIng Tues Oct 13 8 
pm In mUltipurpose room In student center 
(10/12) 

Kalbtgang p,hp'no general meellng today. Mon 
Oct 12 @ 4 '00 pm In Revelle formal lounge 
(10/12) 
HIDING MASK tapes avaIlable at asst vInal only 
52 Playing at splnt 10/15 10 pm (10/ 15) 
NonseXIst dance Sat Oct 17 at 9 pm In the Che 
Cafe Sponsored by LAGO and ASUCSD (10/ 15) 

Revelle ThIrd WOrldAlhance - general meeting 
on Tues Oct 13 at 4 30 In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge (10/12) 
Celebrate Shabbat WIth the WSI Fn . Oct. 16 at 
7 In the Chancellors Conf Room A IMattheWS 
Complex) 110/15) 
La Jolla Playhouse needs Interns for theIr PR 
Dept. OIutles Include writIng Press Release If 
Interested contact ASIO In the Student Center 
Opened 9-4 M-F. (10/15) 
Kaibtgang Plhp'no InVItes you to theIr fall dance 
on Sat. Oct 17 @ 9'00 pm In Revelle Cafetena. 
(10/15) 

CalifornIa School of ProfeSSIonal Psychology 
offers PhD programs mlndustrlal and OrganIza-
tional Psychology Half-tIme paId InternshIps In 
Southern Cahfornla corporatIons. FInanCIal aId 
and part-tIme stucly available. CSPP IS fully 
accredIted and the natlon's largest traIner of 
clinIcal psychologIsts Call 800/457- 5261. 
(10/19) 
You WIll go to exotic lands ViSIt Ouest Int'l 87 
October 16, UCSD Int' I Center. 1().3. IIO/15) 

OUEST INTERNATIONAL 87 OCT 161().3 @ 
INTERNA TIONAl CENTER (10/15) 
Adventure hes ahead Ouest International 87 
WIll lead you there. Oct 16. 1(}-3 Int'l Center. 
(10/15) 
Explore your world Ouest InternatIOnal 87 A 
stucly/Work/travel abroad faIr. oct 16. I(}-3 
(10/15) 

I Buy One Original Gourmet Cinnamon Roll, 
I And Get A Second One Free! 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

To tah(, ad\'amaRl' of Ihl~ dellCiou\ deal ~Il1lpl~ 
'lOp n~ our m'\\(' I TI Cl11nall101l . BJ"(,~ In La Jolla 

CO I11(, III and \\ Jlrh U' IlIJh(, <Ind h,I"(, a frl',h h,tll h 
of our Onl(lI1al (,ourl1ll'1 ClIln,IIllOI Rolb-'l'I'\l'd hOI 
from lilt' ()\en , filled \\ Ilh \\,11111 rl'und" tinnalllon 
and IOpp('d \lllh ll1l'illng ICIlH! 

I{ul hum Ihl\ (,rand 0pl'nll1 ' oHl'1 I ol1l~ good 
Ihrough Ocwh('1 1%-

Located in the \'on~ Shopping Center 
28 Regents Road (at Arriba) . LajolJa, A 9lt2l 

619/ '153-8224· Open 6:30 am to 9:00 pm dail ~ 

-------------

o 
a: 

• 

Lost & Found 

Found ladles dress watch on Wed (10/ 7) at 
MUIr. Call to IdentIfy. 587-2760 (10/12) 

For Sale 

DENON 5500 car stereo Top of the IIne-Bensl 
pull out Inc I U-WANA-ROCK- 5325. 259-6905 
(10/12) 
. 77 PIym Volare St wgn. great condo pwr ster / -
brakes. AM-FM. ong owner 51100 obo. 455-
7472. (10/12) 
Electnc gUItar. Magnum Les Paul copy. 2 pICk-
ups. lite use 51350bo & 2 Jensen spkrs 481-3213 
eves (10/12) 
8ed for sale I Full sIze matress boxspnng and 
frame for 5100. only 1 yr. old. Call Eric or Sarah at 
587-9326. (10/12) 
Refngerator for sale - hardly used Avantl 3 ft 
hIgh Great for dorms 575. Call Shawn 454-
1789 (10/19) 
4 sale' 72 Karmann Ghla. great condo am/fm 
casSo 1381<. org owner. good engIne. 52.600 
obo 259-5826. (10/15) 
Rules77 Hahll Skateboards and accessones For 
all your skallng needs call Mark or Dan at 455-
98430r climb on up to Challe ger 456. (10/12) 
For sale 83 8MW 320i. air. sunroof. am/fm casso 
alum mags. sheepskIns. mint condo dk grey. 5 
speed. 10.500/obo 753-4188. Iv m5g. (10/15) 
Need rehable transportatIon 7 For sale 
SIBOO/obo 1980 Honda Civic wagon. Clean 
InsIde-out very dependable 455-6269 eve. 
(10/12) 
For sale' . 77 Subaru. It runs. It'S 5500. great 
student carfLJz 54b-I505 (10/15) 
ClassIC 76 Porsche 911S. newly paInted black. 
Rbt eng 512000 All offers considered I Monica 
452- 9083/Adela (714)845-5662 keep trying or 
leave message I (10/12) 

Services 

Need alteratIons or repaIrs on your favorite 
clothes7 I sew from panerns tool Call Laura 
56(). 7828 (10/15) 
50% off on all haIr servICes through the month 
of Oct. at Undrcvr photo work avaIl MIchael at 
45+2699 (10/12) 
Student typIng - w/p. resumes. copIes Expe-
nenced + dependable. ~shJObs OK. DIscount 
rates - 53(}-04 70. (10/29) 
TYPING. word processing. edIting. student 
rates. profeSSIonal product. Call for appoInt-
ment - 454-6860 (10/26) 
NEED RESEARCH DONE7 Don't have time to 
find informatIon 7 Call c.c. Research 758-8236. 
(10/12) 
CREA TlVE SPORTSWEAR WIll pnnt your deSign 
on T-ShIrts. sweatshirts. etc. Call for low pnces -
452-804 7. (II/30) 
You WIll go to exotIC lands. ViSIt Ouest Int'l 87. 
October 16. UCSD Int'l Center. I()'3. (10/15) 
OUEST INTERNATIONAL 87 OCT 16. ()'3 @ 
INTERNA TIONAL CENTER. (10/15) 
Adventure lIes ahead. Ouest InternatIonal 87 
WIll lead you there. Oct 16. I()' 3 Int'l Center. 
(10/15) 
Explore your world Ouest InternatIonal 87. A 
stucly/work/travel abroad faIr. oct 16. 1()'3. 
(10/15) 

Help Wanted 

Moonhghters.natlonal ad firm seeks sharp stu-
dents for full and part tIme telemarketIng 583-
2800 (10/15) 
TACO TIME help wanted CashIers. raIl & prep 
Lunch. dInner & evenIngs. 54- 55 50/hr 111/2) 
EddIe Bauer. A leadIng speCIalty retaIler of Qual-
Ity recreational eqUIpment. IS now acceptIng 
apphcatlons for our new store openIng In Hor-
ton Plaza We need full and part-time sales. 
cashIers. and stock Apply In person at the Old 
Valcom Computer Store In Horton Plaza. or call 
544-9724 (10/12) 
Part-time secretary at stock brokerage fIrm I 
mIle from campus 5700/hr 455-6862 ask lor 
Tim Lawry (10/12) 
Wanted Chlldcare for 2 yr gIrl flex hIS T. Th 
755-6172 110/22) 

Dehvery dnver PIzza Hut dllNery 57-S8 pt'r 
hour fle~lblie hours Free medls 4818695 
110/22) 

Wdnted If'mdlp vocal,st by gUItar /kf'Ybd pl,lyrr 
for (asuall . roc> JMI r&b or .g C.111 StNr 
459- 3110 (10/12) 

PI? consultan! wantl'd p., rt· wnt> fllst monU) 
5100 Immedl<ltr opl'n" Contact Le<,d L.lIfO 
481-0142 (lO/ISI 

MedlCdl 't'crptIOtlllt Pdrt t,ml' for btlly 1..1 Jolld 
oHler ["pt'r'l'ncl' pr,.fl'fwd (.lfI 4S()'II)} to 
4 30 (l0/1~1 

Jobs - Arthur Andersen & Co. WIll be recrUIt-
Ing at UCSD on Oct 19 See ad in thIS paper for 
detaIls (10/15) 

Wanted 

Jobs - Arthur Andersen & Co. WIll be recrUIt-
Ing at UCSD on Oct 19 See ad In thIS paper for 
details. (10/15) 

Housing 

PaCIfic Beach one room to share 5190 each New 
carpetIng Indry close to bushnes. stores. etc. 
581-9250 (10/29) 

Room for rent · own room 5320/mo &1/3 utll 
Genessee HIghlands. Female Please call Marla 
54b-1435 (10/12) 

Room4rent In 2bdr condo 5 mIn walk to UCSO. 
pool &JacUZZI. TV & VCR. stereo. cmptr Prefer 
nonsmkg female 52601!a to share. 5300 SIngle 
Call 452-2105 

Rental-S625. lovely Woodland West - 1 bed-
room I bath Includes refngerator. new carpet & 
levelors. Cathedral ceihng & prIVate pano Wash-
er/Dryer hook-ups TennIS. pool & spa. 454-
2011 Agent. (10/12) 

Room for relltl House In Tierrasanta - IS mIn 
from campus 5350 per month Includes own 
room & bathroom. pool. jacuZZI. mIcrowave. 
washer/dryer. etc. Call Tracey at 292-0680 -
please leave message I (10/15) 

Female roommated wanted to share master 
bedroom of luxunous La Jolla Colony condo I 
MIcrowave. dIshwasher. fndge. pool. JacuzzI. 
fireplace. 2-car garagel 5290/mo + 1/3 UtI I Call 
Meredith at 457-4335 or 534-6580 to Iv mes-
sage. (10/15) 

Personals 

Adventure lies ahead Ouest International 87 
WIll lead you there. Oct 16. 1()'3 Int'l Center 
(10/15) 
Explore your world. Ouest International 87 A 
stucly/work/travel abroad faIr Oct 16. I()' 3 
(10/15) 

You WIll go to exotic lands ViSIt Ouest Inn 87 
October 16. UCSD Int'I Center. I()'3 (10/15) 
OUEST INTERNATIONAL 87 OCT 16. 1()'3 @ 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER (10/15) 

Hey dudel Tasty breakfast In the conference 
room of Warren's Provost Office every Tues 
7·3().9;301 Totally radl Cost IS only 50CI Uke all 
you can eatllAwesome people to meet too I Join 
the fun dudell (10/12) 

Thanks Delta Gamma for the Italian WeddIng. It 
was a great way to start another fun year Love. 
Phi Delts. (10/12) 

The best aerobICS at the best pncel Rtness IS 
FUNI7614 Fay Ave (619) 455-1225 Student Dls-
count. (10/12) 
Vietnamese Student Assodatlon General Meet-
Ing Wed. Oct 14th 6 '00 pm at InternatIonal 
Center Refres ments WIll be served. Come and 
JOIn us. New members welcomed. (10/12) 
Juhe & Enka - rhanks so much for letting me 
stay during rush. It meant a lotl U R both GR8 
cooksl -K (10/12) 
To AOII pledge Ehzabeth ' Congratulatlonsl81g 
SIS reveahng Mon nIght see you therel Your bIg 
SIS (10/12) 
Alpha 8eta pledge class ; you guys are the best l 
We're so lucky to have youl lOVe your sIsters of 
AOII (10/12) 
Revelle ThIrd World Alhance - Generdl ~etlng 
on Tue .• Oct 13 at 4 30 In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. (10/12) 
Cara B Welcome glna-beena told 1st ad 4u 7 I 
do mISS molly so pop works 7 hoWl ma 7 a hug. 
markus (10/11) 
Sand 0 Thanks for a great dinner I Next time -
our placel Love. A and E. (10/12) 
Mark PrIce folds hIS underwear7lOVe Lacey and 
Celeste (10/12) 
Delts We had a hot [Ime at the 'old hoe down 
last Fnday nIght YEE HAWI From the AOlis 
(10/12) 

DIvers II FInd out about all the d,ves and events 
the Deucers are haVIng th,s fall at the scuba 
clubs fIrst meetIng Wed Oct 14 t 8 pm In the 
Rec Conference room The guest lee IS Dr 
Newman Irom the Med Center'S HyperbariC 
chamber 110/17) 

CREA TlVE SPORTSWLAR WIll print your cJellgfl 
on T-Itl"II.IWt'<ltltllrts. etc Call fur 10wprlCf'S ° 
45}·8041 (10/12 ) 

B a p.1rt 01 thf' Grerk Iystem & fInd Ollt mOl f' 
aooul 10rOrltlf'1 Aor, II havln Inform,ll Rulh 
n t1t now W tlave many excIting event' 
plimnf'Cl For mort' Info/nde C,ll1 JoyCf'!' .It 
4!>l4810 Greek! (10/191 

Jobl - Arttlur Anaf'l sen & Co WIll be recrUl t-
111 .1t UCSD on On 19 Set' a In ttl'l p,lpf'r for 
Oet,ull (10/1 ~ 


