
• Date rape • Choir at UCSD ~ . 
. 

Are students and their 
universities doing 
enough to fight it? 

You can sing and get .. ~ ... _ . . ·r.,~._ 
• Women' • 
volleyball 

.. ~ I." 
. class credit for it at the ~.' .' 
same time ,-

.... 4.-
. .!..i -. 

Tritons take regional 
championships this 
weekend 

... . 
. 

page 4 - ..;; page 8 -

• 

UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1987 VOLUME 599 #16 

Poor construction blamed 

Mesa apartment 
tenants all wet 
from roof leaks 

By JACK BERESFORD 
Guardian Intem 

When it rains on the Mesa 
Apartments Dana Jackson must 
sleep on a mattress in his living 
room. In his bedroom, in place of 
his bed, there is a bucket filled with 
rainwater. 

Hi» problem is typical of m~ny 
residents of the Mesa Apartments 
who have suffered from leaky roofs 
and water damage over the past 
three years. 

Affecting 48 building», roughly 
two-thirds of the complex, the prob. 
lem is extensive. So extensive, in 
fact, that maintenance workers can 
not keep up with complaints. 

"They say that when the rain 
stops they will come, but they never 
come" said Xiaowu Liang, a grad-
uate student living in Central Mesa. 

"It's got to the point where it's a 
crisis now," said James Gavin, 
superintendent in charge of main· 
tenance. According to Gavin, faulty 

materials used in the construction 
of the units are to blame for the 
problems, which have mainly af· 
fected central and north complexes. 
These units, constructed in 1976, 
are the oldest and have flat roofs 
that collect water and tend to crack 
in the lIun, cau»ing leakage. 

Housing administrators have 
authorized $500,000 to remedy 
the problem , and it will cost 
$25,000 to $30,000 to re·roof the 
most severely damaged units. 
However, the loan was not made 
available until lallt March and the 
selection of a roofing company has 
still not been.made. 

"I've never been so frustrated 
with a project in my 23 years with 
the university," said Larry Barrett, 
director of Housing and Food Ser-
vices. Barrett said that a roofing 
consultant has been hired to draw 
up complete specifications for the 
job. Even by his most optimistic 
projections, however, the project 

See LEAKS, page 7 

Saspect. CI,I,,, ted 
rGrtlled 
bbery 

.DlINSHAW 

_ ........... ..., 
.. s.. ........ dIertea 

~ ...... ,. ... .., ..... W ...... 
......... poIce". 

Ace..' .toUCSO .... .. 
It .... HiI, .. .... 

.... AIIIoIIio a.Io, 23 
... roiDId ............ cui Ibe 

.... a windew in tIae 
_inn ... 1I1m ... at approx· 

30 am. A....., ... 
t'OOIIl. they wolle a 

............. Brendiab-
.. '.!ItIIJ ..... 1htJ t.rced the vic· 

.~ 
r.,~k... ..,t. 

· .... ~._IJ •. niI III.'" 
duIIaia., ..... 1Odaa. The 

victimt• roommate. were not at 
honIe at the lime. 
..... that once the ... 

pecta ....... vic:tim managed to 
c.a ...... Two ...... .,. 
rMiI. the bindinp 100M. 
.......... the information in. 

c. ••• unitJ Service Officer 
S-ARREST ..... 3 

New faculty club 
to open in February 
By ELAINE SMOLER 
Guardian Intem 

The $2.5 million UCSD Faculty 
Club will be open in February after 
one year of construction. 

Inside the faculty club are meet· 
ing rooms, indoor·outdoor dining 
rooms and bar. Rooms will be 
rented out and used for c1ub-spon . 
sored events. "The faculty club can 
be rented out for occasions such as 
a dinner before a play. It's in the 
perfect location," said Laura Long, 
assistant vice chancellor of Business 
Affairs. 

" It 's a great opportunity for 
alumni to come back to. I'm plan-
ning to bring the Alumni Awards 
Banquet, which was formerly off-
campus, to the faculty club. I'm 
extremely pleased to do a really 
nice banquet," said Dan Rodriguez, 
director of Alumni Relations. 

Before it opens, there will be a 
membership drive in which UCSD 
staff, alumni, current and former 
professors, and graduate students 
can purchase memberships for ap-
proximately $10 a month. 

"One hundred twenty dollars will 
be too much since graduate students 
are perennially low on funds, al-

though I'm not saying that none 
will join. The degree of participation 
will depend on how welcome they 
are made to feel, if they are made to 
feel at home and not outsiders," 
said Donald Abbott, Graduate 
Studenlli Association president. 

In 1968, UCSD faculty members 
formed a club as a non-profit cor· 
poration. It operated for a few 
years through the La Jolla Village 
Inn, which used to be a Holiday 
Inn. "By being off campus, it didn't 
have the draw," Long said. 

The club later requested a l>pace 
at the International Center, but 
when that fell through they tried for 
a space at Mandeville Center. 

At UCSD's 25th Anniversary 
fundraiser, the club received $1 
million from Ida (now deceased) 
and Cecil Green, the founder ' of 
Texas Instruments. "They've been 
generous philanthropists to univer. 
sities around the world such as 
Oxford and Stanford," said Bruce 
Darling, director of Development. 
Cecil Green, a geophysicist, and 
his wife have contributed to Scripps 
Institute and Scripps Hospital as 
well. 

The club was brought to comple. 
tion within the short span of one 

See CLUB, page 7 

Enzyme destroy-ed by- modified penicillins 

Bacteria-killer mechanism discovered 
By SUSAN CHOLLAR 

Another skirmish has been won 
in the never· ending war between 
chemists and antibiotic-resistant 
bacteria. 

Anthony Fink, professor of chem· 
istry at the University of California, 
Santa Cruz, has uncovered the 
mechanism by which a group of 
modified penicillins, called sulfones, 
destroy penicillin.resisynt bac-
teria. 

Discoveries like this are useful, 
Fink lIaid, because if biochemists 
understand the llpecific chemical 
reactionll by which antibiotic!l attack 
bacteria. they will be better able to 
design drugll that are effective 
against resilltant microorganisms. 
This approach is called "mech· 
ani!lm·based drug de!lign." 

Many bacteria, including one 
strain that caulles gonorrhea, are 
resistant to penicillin becau!le they 
contain an enzyme, called beta-
lactamase, that breaks one of the 
key chemical bonds in the penicillin 
molecule. Thili renderli penicillin 
ineffective against its targets - the 
enzymes that build the bacterial 
cell wall. 

The penicillin sulfones are modi· 

fied forms of the penicillin molecule 
that overcome resistant bacteria 
because they pack a double punch. 
They inactivate beta·lactamase and 
then attack the bacterial wall·build· 
ing enzymes. 

Fink's research has been directed 
at describing exactly how the peni-
cillin lIulfones inactivate the beta-
lactamase molecule. At the recent 
annual meeting of the American 
Chemical Society in New Orleans, 
he reported that peniciJlin lIulfones 
cause a conformational change -
or change in the IIhape of the beta-
lactamase molecule. Enzyme inac· 
tivation by this mechanism has 
been reported infrequently and may 
prove to be unusual, Fink !laid. 

Working with several UCSC 
graduate students and one under-
graduate, Fink found that the peni. 
cillin sulfones appear to unravel a 
portion of the complex beta-Iact· 
amase molecule. He is now pursu-
ing more detailll about the specific 
chemicalliteps involved . 

"A better understanding of what 
triggerl> this conformational change 
will be the litarhng point for deliign-
ing other compounds that might 
function as antibodies," Fink said. 

, '. 

This task is particularly impor-
tant, he says, because in spite of the 
fact that penicillin !lulfones are effec· 
tive against resistant strains of bac· 
teria, their overall antibiotic activ-

ity is not as strong as that of 
' unmodified penicillins. 

"Ultimately we want to under-
stand how both beta-Iactamase and 
the cell·wall synthesizing enzymes 

work so that we can design mole-
cules that will act as affectiv~ anti-
biotics and be unaffected by the 
presence of beta-Iactamase," Fink 
said. ~ 

Dr. Fink's discovery may lead to the creation of more powerful antibiotics. 

gamontoya
Pencil



2 Monday. November } 6, } 987 

NEWS 

UCSD receives scholarships 
from the ARCS foundation 

The University of California, San 
Diego recently received $30,000 in 
scholarship money from the San Diego 
chapter of the Achievement Rewards for 
College Scientists (ARCS ) Foundation. 

Julia Harrell and Scoll Smelser, two 
a cademically outstanding students 
entering the UCSD School of Medicine, 
each received $5 ,000 from the ARCS 
Foundation. The Division of Engineering 
received a $10,000 fellowship and the 
Division of Natural Sciences received two 
$5 ,000 scholarships. The recipients of 
these latter a wards have not been 
designated. 

ARCS is a national organizat ion 
whose purpose is to provide financial 
assistance to outstanding students in 
physical or life sciences and engineering 
who have the potential to become future 
leaders in these fields. Each year, the 14 
chapters of the ARCS Foundation 
a llocate grants for scholarships to 
selected colleges and universities that 
oller the strongest science programs. 
ARCS's aim is to support science and 
engineering education in distinguisehd 
universities, as well as to cultivate future 
leaders in these areas. 

The San Diego chapter of A RCS has 
80 members and is the newest chapter. 
ARCS was founded in 1958 in Los 
Angeles and has awarded over $9 
million for scientific scholarships since its 
inception. 

Representing the ARCS San Diego 
chapter at the presentations were 
Barbara McColl , president; Barbara 
Doren, luncheon chai rman; and Kathleen 
Buoymaster, hospitality chairman. 

Nationally known pollster 
to speak at UCSD 

Patrick Caddell , nationally known 
political strategist a nd pollster for several 
presidential campaigns , will give a free 
public talk Tuesday, Nov. 17 at 8 pm in 

PH 108. The title of Caddell's talk will 
be "The Coming Crisis in American 
Politics: The Breaking of the 
Presidency. " 

As a UCSD Regents' lecturer, he will 
a lso meet with several classes during his 
week.long stay on campus. 

Caddell is the founder of Cambridge 
Survey Research, one of the country's 
major public opinion research 
organizations. He has done polling and 
strategic consulting for four presidential 
campaigns, more than 100 gubernatorial 
and congressional races and numerous 
domestic and international corporations. 

His clients have included President 
Jimmy Carter, for whom he was a major 
advisor; George McGovern, Walter 
Mondale, Senators Edward Kennedy, 
Alan Cranston, Christopher Dodd , 
Joseph Biden, Gary Hart , George 
Mitchell and Paul Simon; Governors 
Michael Dukakis, Mario Cuomo. and 
Bob Graham, and Mayors Wilson 
Goode, Harold Washington and Andrew. 
Young. 

Tickets not collected for 
admission to Four Play tour 

Tickets will not be necessary for free 
admission to the Four Play tour fea turing 
the Northern Pikes, the Royal Court of 
China , Hurrah! a nd W ill and the Kill , to 
be held at 8 pm on Tuesday, Nov. 17 in 
UCSD's Recreation Gym. According to 
Frank Yahr of UCSD Pop Events, 
entrance to the concert will be on a first· 
come, first serve basis rather than 
admittance through the collection of 
tickets as originally planned. 

School of Medicine receives 
scholarship endowment 

The UCSD School of Medicine is the 
recipient of over $ 1 million from the 
estate of the la te Helen H. Hillyer, 
formerly of La Jolla. The endowment is 
to be used to establish the Helen Hurlburt 
Hillyer Schola rship Fund . Income from 

the fund will be used to provide annual 
scholarships for medical students who are 
in need of financial aid . 

T he fund totals $1 ,077 ,574, a nd is 
the largest private endowment ever 
received by the School of Medicine for 
financial aid to students. "The Hillyer 
Scholarllhip Fund will be of considerable 
assistance in helping students complete 
their studies without amassing 
unmanageable debt loads," said Dr. 
Charles Spooner, a ssociate dean of 
admissions. 

The receipt of the endowment comes 
at a time when federal support for 
medical students is decreasing, 
educational costs are increasing and the 
tota l debt incurred by graduating medical 
students is at an all·time high. The 
students of the class of 1986 graduate 
with an average debt of $32,500, 
according to Spooner. 

Toastmasters International 
to hold orientation at UCSD 

The University Events and Student 
Activities Office and Toastmasters 
International will be presenting 
"Toastmasters Reach Out for Success, " 
a Toastmasters International 
undergraduate chapter orientation 
meeting on Tuesday, Nov. 17 at 5 :30 
pm in conference room III A. 

Toastmasters is a highly regarded 
organization which is utilized by many 
universities and corporations in 
developing leadership and 
communication skills for their students 
and employees. Toastmasters also 
provides a supportive environment in 
which students may gain proficiency in 
their speaking skills, achieve confidence 
and improve their leadership skills . 

For more information, call 747·0058 
or 931·6737. 

Institute for Research on 
Aging sponsors arthritis talk 

Dr. Nathan J. Zvaifler, professor of 
medicine and division chief of rheumatic 
diseases at the UCSD School of 
Medicine, will present " Understanding 
Arthritis," a free lecture sponsored by the 
UCSD Institute for Research on Aging 
(IRA). 

" Understanding Arthritis" will be 
presented Wednesday, Nov. 18, at 3 pm 

in the Lieb Auditorium, 505 Coast 
Boulevard South in La Jolla, and again 
a t 8 pm in the Leona rd Garren 
Auditorium , located in the UCSD School 
of Medicine's Basic Science Building. 

The Institute for Research on Aging 
promotes research on the detection, 
treatment and prevention 01 age.related 
disorders and on ways to help people 
remain healthy and vigorous into their 
later years . It also sponson patient care 
programs and programs to educate the 
public about the latest findings in 
research on aging. 

For lurther information on the lecture 
seri~5 contact the IRA at 534·6299. 

Reception held in honor of 
National Arts week 

National Arts week has been 
developed to highlight and promote the 
arts through a consolidated effort by 
municipal governments and local arts 
agencies across the United States. 

The Public Arts Advisory Council will 
host a reception to honor and 
acknowledge the arts in San Diego on 
Monday, Nov. 16 from 5·8 pm at the 
County Administration Center, 1600 
Pacific Highway. An exhibition of local 
artists who work with a cultural theme 
will be unveiled at the reception. 

The "Art and Culture" exhibition is 
part of an ongoing public art program 
designed by the PAAC to showcase local 
artists' work and develop new art 
audiences throughout the county. 

Tide pool walk sponsored 
by Scripps Aquarium 

An opportunity to explore the rugged, 
rocky coastline along San Diego's 
shoreline is being offered by the 
aquarium at UCSD'i Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography Irom 2 to 4 pm, 
Saturday, Nov. 21. 

The natura~lIt·1ed walk will examine 
tidepools below Sea Clill Roadside Park 
(aka Swami's) in Encinita&. Participants 
will learn about the area's intertidal life 
and its natural history during this 
afternoon of extremely low tides. 

Fee for the walk is $6 for adults and 
$4 for children. Advance registration is 
required. 

-Compiled by Eva Wong 

BLOOM COUNTY Berke Breathed 
Lights & Sirens 6«J(J tWJf(1IINfI . I'M ~ Of' 1H€ 

FORMEI?LY Ett1I'UJY€P 
Nft. ~Pf.lICOIef(r 

I't.IIYGl?' •. 

" 

I W~5 WON~~IIVG , 
I/H ... I 11t7()f)HT )lr)v 

5TIt.J. MIGHT Be 
Hlf?IIVG ... VH •. 

OH. 
HeCk •. 
,/ 

~-------~-ff-n~/~-' 1lK 
ACI(. I 

I1I£M . 
./" 

\ 

WHtkI / 
IT WII' Ail.. JI/5T 11 

HOI(!{liU Nl6I(f7/1IN?€, 
WII""'T IT! OF 
~ITWII5. 
CI/N I HIIVe 50Me 
WIIR'M MILK 'I 

5. .. '" ...... horn".. UCSD ,... acti1Iftrliot ~ for dw 
w.M 01 Now __ 6", No...rabcr II. 

5:20 pili:' A _eat .......... that an unknowa IUIpect ...... ed .... 
room at the ... A.,.. .. ucI removed varioua itema of 
c:IodJiIII. The ................... at'IOG. • 

w ....... ,. New... II 
4!08 pm: A female atudent was a victim of a Ouher at the w.... 
Apartments, The auapect, a 27 to 35 year old, five.fool .... Much 
mexican male with dark hair and a moustache was Iaat ....... ...... 
a red l·shirt and bei,e shorts. Police responded, but were unable to 
locate the IUlpect. 

For the week: 
• five vehicle» were »tolen from campus, three of them from lot 

#102, 1I0uth of Re\lelle. Police received three reports oI . ltempt«I 
auto theft. 
• Two cars were burglarized; totalms was estimated to be $520. 

Police received four report. of attempted auto bur,lary. 
• Five bicycle¥ were . tolen from various location. on campus. 

Tota l elltimatoo lOll»: $1.285. 

-compiled by John Shaw 

Monday. November 16. 1987 3 
NEWS 

'Sweet Agony' brings ecstasytoUCD students 
By KAREN WATSON 

DA VIS - A purple and green 
foot ·powered racing machine 
named Sweet Agony has brought 
sweet success to engineering stu· 
dents at the Univenity of Califor· 
nia, Davis. 

vehicle's impressive performance 
to its rider's skill and the bicycle's 
design, which required careful con· 
sideration of mechanical, aerody. 
namical and human elements. "We 
combine the three very weD in our 
bikes," says Brian Bay, a graduate 
student who is a driving force behind 
the project. 

mph slower than the world cham· 
pion. Student Manuel Diaz rode 
Sweet Agony to second place in a 
20·mile road race and in a one· 

hour distance competition. 
According to Michael Norris. 

director of competitions for the 
campus engineering organization, 

about 20 undergraduate and grad. 
uate students involved in the pro· 
ject devote long hours to discus· 
sions, design and construction. ~ 

The student·designed bicycle 
placed second in three of four 
events recently at the International 
Human·Powered Vehicle Associa· 
tion's 13th annual competition in 
Washington, D.C. 

The university team, whose memo 
bers designed, built and raced the 
bike, lost only to a profeuional 
team Irom Watsonville, California. 

Team members credited their 

Sweet Agony, which looks like 
the cockpit of a small jet on wheels , 
is the most successful so far of the 
vehicles created by the UC Davis 
chapter of the American Society of 
Mechanical Erigineers, which began 
building human·powered racing ve· 
hicles in 1983. 

In the sprint competition, Bay 
reached speeds up to 40 mph, 4 

Arrests at Warren 
Continued from page 1 
Dan Kan spoiled the suspects sit· 
ting in a parked truck , which police 
later learned had been stolen ear~er 
that Evening from downtown San 
Diego. Kan flagged down Olficer 
Scoll Garcia and told him the loca· 
tion of the truck. Garcia pulled up 
behind the truck and the suspects 
fled on foot. Garcia managed to 
incapacitate Osuna with his baton, 
but Boteilo escaped. The victim 
and captured suspect were taken 
back to the police station while 
Corporal Dave Rose continued to 
check the area for the other sus· 
pects. 

At approximately 3:00 am, Secur· 
ity Guard Michael Kizzee saw the 
tailighll flash on a parked blue 
pick.up truck in lot #503, near the 
Warren apartments. The guard 
had not seen anyone enter the 
truck, so he notified the po~ce. 
Officer Rose responded and ar· 

rested Boteilo. Boteilo had appar· 
ently broken into at least two other 
vehicles in lot #503 before he was 
seen by the security guard . 

Detective Hill said that in the two 
years he has worked at UCSD, no 
single person has been charged 
with more crimes that Boteilo. In all 
Boteilo was charged with seven 
crimes: first degree armed robbery , 
first degree rellidential burglary, 
felony false imprisonment (use of a 
weapon), posaellsion of stolen prop· 
erty, attempted auto theft, and two 
counts of second degree burglary. 

Osuna was charged with five 
crimes: first degree armed robbery, 
first degree residential burglary, 
felony false imprisonment, posses· 
sion of stolen property, and posses· 
sion of a knife with a blade more 
than three·and·a·half inches long 
on university property. 

Hill said the suspect. may be 
transient aliens. (g 

Fatal occupation: Study 
identifies hazardous jobs 
By MICHAEL BYRNE 

LOS ANGELES - A UCLA School of Public 
health iludy of work·related homic:idn indicates 
that penons working in law enforcement, HCUrity 
servica and occupations having public contact 
inv", exc""e of money were the moat lilcely 
to be murdered while on the job. 

The study was pubIi.hed in a recent i._ of the 
American Journal of. Public Health. 

"Controllin, or reducing expoaures of individu· 
als in hith.risk troUpe mitht prevent senseless loss 
01 .. in the workplace," said Jeu f. Kraus, the 
Itudy'. princ:q,.I investiptor and professor of pub-
lic health at the UCLA School 01 Public Health and 
aaeoc:iate director of the University of California 
Southern Occupational HuIth Center, which 
funded the Itudy. 

"There appears to _ be a Jar. undereatima· 
tian of olfic:iaIIy recopized work· related death. 
from .....IIive allIeS," added Kraus. 

The ..-:ific incIuItriea with the Iqhest homicide 
.... ( .... 100.000 male worker.) were: ,.. .... 
tions (14.4), ather retail atorea (9.0), food and 
d.iry ...... (7.2), and eatiq and cIrinkint .-.. 
(6. 7). 

for 1M ..... the ... nicide rates (per 100,000 
female workers) w ... hithat in food and dairy 
...... (2.7). and..am, and c:Irinkint places (1.6). 

..... ~ homicide rates for males 
.................. paIice -10 times hiaherthan 
the ov..II ..... for ...... - lui driven, privUe 
aec:uriaJ ...,.. and ~-. or propIietor. 01 

ellting and drinking .establishments. 
for females, the service occupations, waitresses 

in eating and drinkin, places, were highest. 
The researcher's computer search of the 1979· 

81 (the yean for which a special 1982 project to 
encode occupation and induatry information were 
available) California Master file of aD 8,687 bom· 
icic1es among California residents aged 16 to 64 
yielded 513 possibly work·related death.. 

The second step involved determining which of 
the 8,687 homicide, which occurred in California 
during that period were work· related. Each death 
certificate wa. examined to see if it indicated 
"injury at work" or "homicide at an induatriaI, 
office or fann location." 

For thoR homicides with a positive indication in 
either cateaory, a third step involved examination 
of the certificate for written evidence of a work· 
related activity. 

"for some of the certificates, it was not clear 
whether or not the homicicle was work·related 10 
the fourth step consisted of obtaining and reading 
the pertinent coroner's report," aaicI Kraus. "Be-
cause aD homicides and other in;Jry death. are 
coroner's CDHI by law in California, a review of the 
narrative deacription of the circumstances IIUI'. 
rounding the c1eath confirmed or rejected aD doubt· 
fuI work· related aaociations." 

Through further investitation, a total of 466 
work·related homicides were attributed to this 
period. That represents an averap annual work· 
related homicide rate of 15 per 100,000 worken. 
Males had a death rate four timet hither than 
females. m1 

r--------------------------~ r--------------------------· I ! 21hC COPIIS I I I I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
ON XEROX 9500 • WITH UCSD 10 

I 
• Business Cards • Full Bindery • Printing: 
• Typesetting • Color Copies • Free: 
Collating • UCSD Purchase Orders Welcomel I 

I COpy 
COVE OF LA JOLLA 

701 Pearl St. I I 

456·2444 i 

OBSESSED 
WITH FOOD? 

Programs now 
available for. 

• Bulimia 
• Weight control 
• Compulsive eating 

La Jolla Center for 
Mood • Appettte 

Disorders 
546~15 

1 for 1 
FROZEN 
YOGURT 

Toppins not included. Buy one, get one FlEE 01 equal 0< laser .alue, 
fIIfY size except take home, with thio coupon. Expires 11 / 30/ 87 . 

Also try our free gourmet coffee, brcakf.ti, 
sandwiches & stuffed baked potatoes 

M-f 8 am-6 pm • Sat./Sun. 10 am-6 pm 
247-8 South Highway 101, Solana Beach, 
3 doors north of the Trains. 411-1168 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L __________________________ ~ • __________________________ 1 

balboa travel 
ilfiIi!L incorporated · I E scape to the pleasure of the Pointe Resorts . a world of tropical 

romantic nights. Enjoy a holiday getaway. incl uding: ~ greenery and championship greens. of tennis whites and • Luxurious two· room suites, wit h refrigerator. wet bar and private balcony . Management·hosted pootside receptions each 
evening. Holiday programs daily with exciting ac tivi ties for chitdren and 
adult s . Children under 18 stay free in sa me suite with pa rent. Exceptional 
savings off our regular suite rates. plus save more than 50% on extended holiday stays. 

Hotiday rates and packages are avaitabte Nov. 20, 1987 through Jan . 2. 1988. 

$43· Per pe rson. per night. ba ,ed on doubl" o('<·upanc)' . on a reques t and ~pace a\'ailable ba , is. 
UCSD O ..... lHnte ~~~~SIDE • .. 0 . GOLF, RIDING LA JOllA PHOENIX, ARIZONA AND RACQUET CLUBS ~ a: 0 :5 

'-' ~ 
:5 
:'i 
=' 

VA 
HOSPITAL 

VilLAGE DR 

HOLIDAY CT 

_BALBOA 
TRAVel 

3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla CA 92037 452·1981 

ROBERT'S 
Q9 ~ ~ 5MB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 
• Bra kes • Extended Warrant ies 
• T ra nsmiss ion • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday·Friday 8 am • 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am . 5 pm 

(619) 275·1132 
.. 
...... _ .. 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1·5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA 92109 

----------------------------10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

· f" " ffl·PI \luIU'd- T,mb JlII.\_\1011 O"rrhaul, 

With Th is Coupon 
(, \ ut l lll,,1 14 ,0, (IN' ,JlJIl r HllliN" J 



4 Mondall, November 16, 1987 

Part III 

The co-ops and 
their autonomy 
By THOMAS CANTY 

The current relationship between the co·ops and the administra. 
tion is similar to the relationship many of us have had, or still have, 
with our parents. Parents rarely give out money without expecting 
their children to follow their guidance to some extent. The co.ops 
have been given money . From the standpoint 01 the administration 
the co·ops should, therelore, be controlled by the UCB and the 
administration. However, I leel it would be misleading to say simply 
that "the co·ops are subsidized by the UCB," as Evan Wiesenfeld 
and Andrew Chane assert in their letter to the Guardian (Oct. 22). 

Co.ops have obtained most 01 their initial and expansion funding 
in the form of loans from members (and their friends and family),the 
AS, the UCB and other co·ops. The co·ops have used accumulated 
capital for growth and expansion. Jim Carruthers has argued that 
this accumulated capital should not exist on the basis that the co.ops 
claim to be "non· profit." My understanding of non·profit does not 
imply non· growth. 

Co-OPI VI. Enterprilel 

Carruthers argues that co·ops should become "auxiliary 
accounts." Basically, this entails the potential for the administration 
to make decisions regarding any capital expenditures; this would 
include expansion, payroll, and stock purchases. The Computer 
Co-op is the only current example of this structure. All Computer 
Co·op transactions take place through purchase orders . The Com-
puter Co-op chose the auxiUary status because of the buying power 
of UCSD purchase orders. 

The UCSD Bike Shop exists under another unique structure. 
Since they lost their co·op status, the Student Center business office 
does the bookkeeping. Tom Colley, the current manager hired by 
the University Center director , prepares the budget for the Bike 
Shop. In both cases, the administration does not currently make any 
capital expenditure decisions. However, the potential to do so exists 
under an auxilliary account structure. 

Carruthers argues that the co-ops should submit all major capital 
expenditures to the UCB for final approval. For example, in the 
summer of 1987 the Food Co-op purchased a $4,500 cart from 
which to sell fruil. He believes Ihat in purchasing such a cart without 
the participation of the UCB, the Food Co-op may not be acting "in 
the best interest of students." Submitting these types of decisions to 
the UCB does not, however, guarantee accountability. 

University Center Board 
It should be understood that the UCB is comprised of eight voting 

members. The non· voting chairperson is the only elected member of 
the UCB. The other members are either designaled by the re-
spective college councils, the Student Affirmative Action Commit-
tee, Graduate Student Association, and the Co-ops & Enterprises 
subcommittee or appointed by the chairperson. Carruthers main. 
tains that the co-ops can only be accountable to students through the 
UCB. Obviously, the UCB is greatly limited in their own accounta-
bility to students. 

For the co-ops, however, there are other forms of accountability. 
For example, all members have equally weighed input into the 
decisions affecting the co-ops. The general membership of the 
co-ops is comprised of students, and any student has the opportunity 
to become a General Member. In addition, in April 1986, 85 
percent of the students who voted on the referendum supported 
turning the existing Student Center into a co-op center upon comple-
tion of the new University Center. The co·ops have circulated 
petitions and surveys to demonstrate student support and student 
needs. 

The co·ops are also audited with the rest of the university on a 
regular basis. Yet , the potential to use the UCB as a form of 
communication with students cannot be denied . The accountability 
is not something that can be separated from the level of co-op 
autonomy. If the UCB were to make decisions ultimately deciding 
the direction the co-ops should take, co-op autonomy would be 
greatly affected. 

Co-op Autonomy 

Co·op autonomy is important for a variety of reasons. The most 
obvious is the philosophy co·ops follow . Co-ops are entities con-
trolled by the members. The decisions are made by concensus as 
opposed to majority. A co-op is not member-controlled if administ. 
rators or non-members are making key decisions without collective 
process. In addition, autonomy is important for the maXimal educa. 
tional opportunity for members. 

Co·ops offer the experience of actually running a business as 
opposed to just working for one. Members are also educated about 
the collective process. The autonomy of the co·ops is an integral 
part of their existence at UCSD. Decreasing the autonomy of the 
co-ops could very well result in the elimination of the ~nllective 

See CO-O~, page 6 

" NOT AT .OUrl SCHOOL! NOT AT OUrl SCHOOL! NOT AT OUIl SCHOOL! " 

Date rape: A problem 
demanding serious attention 
By MATT MACARTHUR 

University students are often ac-
cused of a certain separatism from 
the " real world;" an attitude that 
somehow the outside realities 
shouldn't apply to campus life. 
Thus, it was surprising to see that 
major opposition to San Diego 
State University's "Take Back the 
Night" protest march against rape 
came from elements within the 
campus community itself. Not only 
that, these hecklers were themselves 
members of organizations that had 
been directly involved in previous 
rape incidents. 

This kind of behavior is ignorant 
and irresponisble. Obviously a seg-
ment of the campus population 
feels threatened, and it is their right 
to protest, as well as the responsibil-
ity of potential offenders to help in 
allaying those fears in any way 
they can.ltis also the responsibility 
of the university to oversee and 
mediate, and to do what it can to 
make the campus safe. 

Rape is everyone's problem, and 
especially date rape, which has 
been largely ignored until now. 
Everyone is a potential victim or 
offender. Those who feel threa· 
tened are reacting to real dangers, 
not just pointing fingers. At SDSU, 

members of the Greek organiza-
tions felt that they were unfairly 
pinpointed as a source of date rape. 
So they heckled and threw eggs at 
the protesters, who passed by their 
houses. What kind of logic is that? 
They should have been out protest-
ing too, to prove that they were 
really concerned about the prob-
lem,. instead of just giving it lip 
servlCe;-

Thete organizations are laugh. 
ing in the face of actual repo'rted 
incidents, not just vague aUega-
tions. This can only lead to an 
assumption that they must feel that 
rape il perfec~kay to be happen-
ing at a drunken party. Otherwise, 
why would they make fun of the 
protesters? In truth, everyone inci-
dent would denote some sort of 
problem, and should be cause for 
concern. 

Even more amazing was that 
sorority members, who have been 
the victims of widely publicized 
rape accounts, were laughing too. 
When the statistically increaSing 
number of them find that it's their 
turn to be the victim, they will wish 
that they hadn't laughed quite so 
hard. 

The university should play a 
leading role in the fight against 

rape. What is UCSQ doing in this 
respect? There should be a bigger 
effort to find out. The CSO pro· 
gram has been by-and-Iarge suc-
cessful, although it has limitations. 
HopefuUy, the new "police box" 
system will also solve lome prob-
lems. Complaints have been raised 
about the dark areas around con-
struction sites, and long, walks 
from outlaying parking lots. The 
area around Central Library is 
especially torn up, and better pro-
visions for temporary lighting 
should be made. Having more light 
would be useful if for no other rea-
son than to keep from running into 
a tree on a cloudy night. These 
pathways are ill-marked and heav-
ily used. 

These kinds of issues should be 
raised in some kind of public forum , 
like the newspaper, to communi-
cate any fears to the administra-
tion, and to prevent problems before 
they occur. Hopefully our campus 
can be a place where those who feel 
threatened can feel free to lay 110, 
and the rest will actively support 
them and do what they can, includ-
ing the university administration. If 
lowering our rape statistics below 
those of "everyone else" is separa-
tism from the real world, then the 
more power to us. (g 

~-------------,,~,,~~$~vqua~u~u·~·--~ ________________________ ~ 
NIKI NEWLANDS, Editor in Chief 

ANGGIE P . LAPID, Managing Editor 
PETER MESSR081AN, News Editor 

KRISTEN MCCLEARY, Fealures Edilor 
JONATHAN SCHRETER, Sports Editor 
EVA WONG, Arls Editor 
BRY AN BILYEU, Photo Edilor 
SEAN DUFFY, Graphics Editor 
JOHN SHA W , Training Direc tor 
KATHRYN S. ALLEN. Copy Edito, 
SUSIE BEEL, Associate Arts Editor 

MICHAEL FOULKS, Adverlising Manager 
THERESA JENNINGS, om e Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

The UCSD Guardian, 8-0] 6, 
La Jolla, CA lIZ093 

Editoriat: (6]9) 534.6580 
8u.ine .. : (6] 9) 534·3466 

The Gua,dia" i. located nexl 10 lhe Che Cafe. 

Staff Writers: Ken Cal houn, EricChazankin, Jame. Gilmore, 
Brian Itow, Rebecca Jaurigue, Jeffrey Kleen. Karen Kumm, 
Lee.a Light , Robert Leone. Ph,lop MacGovern, Lara Mihata, 
Jam.o Pinpin, Leticia Villarreal 
Photographero: Ari Bejar. Kathleen Donahue. Eva Guo, 
Chros Graves. Nina Himelfarh, David J ohn.on, Slacy Long. 
street , Dawn Mamikunian, Mario Munoz, MIke Oitzman. Ken 
Rein.lein. Tai Ri.ko, Ali Sadlghian. C8thlin Severance, MIchael 
Spaulding, F1oroda Tiqui . Lesley Yalowitz 
lItu.lraton: Rick Ford , O.mond Holmes.Hansen, Brian H.u , 
Gerardo Slecca. Jeff Quan 
Typesetters: Tish Grammar, Anggie Lapid. Lara Mihata. 
Jennofer MojIca. Catherine SeIdel 
Production Crew: arah Banel , Cynth,a Campbell, Sean 
Duffy , Suzy Lam, Leesa LIght. Meredith Packer, Todd Rap. 
parporl. Sabnn. Youman. 
Adverti.inll Repre.entalivel: Rebecca Jaurogue. Tom Rhee, 
Jennofer Testa 

The UCSD Cuardian " publ .. hed Monday. and Thur.days 
durong the academl year by and for the >Iudent. of UCSD. 
Reproduclion Or u:.e or thUi ne w.!tpaper wtthout perml~.!tion is 
strictly prohIbIted 1987. a ll roghls reserved. The Gua,dian i. 
nol ,.>pon.ible for un.olocited manu.cropb or arl. 

View, expre.oed in writmll and in graph,c. do not nece. arily 
repre.enl the opinions of The Guardian, the University of Cali. 
fornoa no, the A •• ocla ted Slud~nl. of UCSD. The Guardian'. 
editonal. are delermined by the £d,lor In ChIef. ManaginS 
£d,lor, New. Edilor and Ihe Opinion. Edilor. 

Monday, November 16, 1987 5 
OPINIONS 

lfTTfRSlfTTfRSlfTTfHSlflTfHSlfTTfHSlfTTfRS LfTTfRS lfTTf HslfTTfRSlfTTfHS lfTTfH£lfTTfR£lfTTfR 
The independent ltudent 
prell afflictl comforted 
Editor: 

As a friend and neighbor of the 
university, I pick up the Guardian 
at a nearby deli_ [I] was astounded 
to see Chancellor Atkinson's seamy 
and steamy litigation with former 
Harvard professor Dr. Lee Perry 
mentioned in the campus press, 
and, would you believe, in a page 1 
headline slory. 

Students should appreciate the 
independence of their press, and its 
success in comforting the afflicted 
and afflicting the comfortable. 
When I saw the prior Guardian 
interview with the chancellor, which 
was 100 percent 'softball' ques· 
tions, I concluded that administra· 
tive censorship was part of campus 
life. How wrong I was. 

Michael Schaefer 
UC'60 

Marijuana, speeding and 
jaywalking - the big aina 
Uitor: 

A little perspective on the Gins-
burg marijuana brouhaha is in or-
der. 

During the "noble experiment" 
of Prohibition earlier this century, 
there was a total of 17 who served 

some time ~s justices on the U.S. 
Supreme Court. During this time, 
at least seven of these justices 
broke the law of the land by imbib-
ing "devil.pirits" and the odds are 
that the real figure was higher. 

Would the new Puritans have 
thrown Oliver Wenda II Holmes and 
his sinning associate justices off the 
court for such dastardly indiscre· 
tions? If so, how about disqualify. 
ing any future judicial applicant 
who has been caught speeding past 
55 mph or, God forbid , arrested for 
jaywalking? 

This moronic moralistic mama 
has cost the country an outstanding 
conservative/libertarian voice on 
the Supreme Court. As one wag 
put it , maybe the next applicant 
should be an infant so his or her 
record is sufficiently sqeaky clean 
to pass inspection. 

Henry Reardon 

Anchors away on 
Veteran's Day 

Editor: 
This letter is addressed to the 

individual who chose to paint the 
anchor in Iront of Anchor View at 
Revelle College, on Nov . II, 
1987. I have no reservations about 
the painting of the anchor, for it is 
Jften used to celebrate birthdays 

and other such occasions. The dis-
turbing aspect was the subject or 
the idea behind the artist's creation. 
For those who did not see the 
anchor, it was painted completely 
red with a gold hammer and sickle 
on either side - very similar to the 
Soviet flag. 

I do not have any problem wilh 
someone expressing their views, 
but the timing was abhorrent. Nov. 
11 is Veteran's Day in this country. 
It is a day of rememberance to 
honor those who unselfishly gave 
of themselves (often even their 
lives) in defense of this country. 
Aside from World War II , the 
other wars from which there are 

Letters to the editor should 
be rurneJ III double- or rriple· 
spaced by Tuesday '1 pm for 
Thursday'S paper, Friday by '1 
pm for Monday's paper and 
addressed 10 the OpinIOns Edi-
tor, the UCSD Guardian, B· 
016, La Jolla , 92093. All sub· 
miSSIOns must include the 
author's phone number and 
Signature; in speCial cases the 
name will be withheld upon 
request The Guardian reserves 
the right to edit for clarity and 
space considerations. 

surviving veterans involved the 
United States against the Soviets 
and Soviet· backed forces in Korea 
and Vietnam. It shows great insen· 
sitivity and complete lack of respect 
to decorate the anchor in such a 
way which detracts from the solem-
nity of this day. 

This is not a letter addressed at 
repressing an individual's right to 
do as he or she pleases, but rather a 
plea for a certain amount of respect 
for those who nobly gave them· 
selves to the preservation of this 
country and its ideals. 

Elliot H. Wernick 

Gregory Peck next 
Supreme Court nominee 

Editor: 
Last month a gaggle of right-

minded Republicans joined the 
chorus of Senate Democrats in vot-
ing that it was bedtime for Borko. It 
was Robert H. Bork, President 
Reagan's candidate to fill the U.S. 
Supreme Court seat vacated by the 
untimely retirement of Justice Lewis 
Powell , who delivered his own 
death-blows by way of his prolific 
judicial writings - or, more accu · 
rately, rantings - that generally 
sought to harness the extension of 
rights to women, minorities and 
individual freedoms guaranteed in 

American's Constitution. 
ThiS month, Reagan knuckled 

under to almost unbearable pres-
sure from four right-wing ideo-
logues: Senators Jesse Helms, the 
scourge of North Carolina; Orrin 
Hatch, the great moral spokesman 
from Utah; Rep. Henry "diatribe" 
Hyde of Illinois, and late of the Col. 
Ollie North hearings fame; and, 
especially, Attorney General Edwin 
Meese III. Reagan at least fulfilled 
his October promise to nominate 
another person that the Senate 
would object to "equally a'S much" 
as it did Bork. 

So with great fanfare Reagan 
introduced live on the White House 
stage Douglas H. Ginsberg , a judge 
who never even practiced law (as 
an attorney), a judicial zero and a 
documented pothead. Maybe it was 
Ginsberg's apparent persistent mario 
juana smoking (reportedly stretch· 
ing across at least two decades) 
that clouded his thinking so much 
that his colleagues gave him rat-
ings ranging from incompetent to 
mediocre . 

Normally, even incidental drug 
experimentation would not preclude 
someone from serving on the 
nation's highest court were it not for 
the Reagan Administration 's 
dogged pursuit of dope dealers and 

See LETTERS, page 6 

Not Just for Those 
Ovt:R 21 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. The Triton rub wonts to remind those students which ore under 21 

Hoar. 

Regents Park Center 
(Next to Anthony's) 

Mon.·Fri. 7 am· 7 pm FREE- I Hr. Val_led ParkUos 452 9222 
Sat. 8 am·6 pm (In garage under building) _ 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• FREE : FREE ; FREE • 
• 16-0z. Soft Drink • Ice Cr_m Sandwich • Side Order Cole Slaw. 
• with purchase of any HOi with purchase of any Hot or Pot. to Sal.d • 
• 

Dog, Deli Sandwich • Dog, Deli Sandwich • with purchase of any Hot • 
Or Main Salad Dish Or Main Salad Dish • Dog, Deli Sandwich 

• I coupon per customer. Cannot • I coupon per customer. Canno, Or Main Salad Dish • TRITON PUB 
• 

be used with any other coupon. • be used with any other coupon: • 1 coupon per customer. Cannot. 
G ...... a."ti_e M ••. - S... G ...... after 1 PM M ••. -Fn. be used with any other coupon. 

• Ellpirn 11/ 26/87 • All Day Sal.-S-. . • G ...... a.yli_ M.a.-S... • 
-----BRAND NEW-SALAD BAR 

• Expire. 11/26/87 • Ellpir .. 11/ 26/ 87 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO 

REGENTS L E C T U R E R 

PATRICK H. CADDELL 

Leading U.S. PaUllcol Strategist and Pollster in Five Presidential Compalgns 
Foundel of Cambridge SuNey Research 

THE COMING CRISIS IN 
AMERICAN POLITICS ; 

THE BREAKING 
OF THE 

PRESIDENCY 

Tuesday. November 17 8:00 p.m. 
108 Peterson Hall. Third College 

Sponsored by the Deportment ot Pollticol Science 

~accod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

C1AIIEMONf SQUN/E 
(NUllO V~S) 27 .. 20600 

M.AMESA 
(NEXITO PIZZA HUI) 566-6100 
UNIVIEIISITV TOWNE CENT. 
(AC~05S fROM MANN IHt:Am~ ) 

a5-CM20 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
Am. NOT NECfSWY 

MANICURIST AVAlLAlLE 

r 

"Where Friends Get Together" 

MONDAY NIGHT 
FOOTBALL 

50~ 
DRAFT 
BEER 

FREE MUNCHIES 
EB~~_~[:~~~ 

Comcr of 15th and camino Dcl Mar, Dcl Mar 
For take out call 755-4601 



What do you dislike about the architecture here at UCSD? 

I think the Stonehenge is the best 
parI 01 campu s - all the construe-
lion and the neW buildings Ihal are 
go ing up don 'l make VCSD Ihat 
attraclioe. There's too much cemenl. 

Evy Acolta 
Junior, Warren 

MUlic 

Just coming from a large midwest-
ern campus wilh Iradilional archilec-
ture I find this stimulating. What [ 
really like aboul il is how Ihe nalural 
environment blends into campus sur-
roundings. 

Mark McDou.an 
Poet doc fellowahip 

This grey cement is so austere -
how about some wood, and natural 
texture,? They've decided to choose 
early American industrial bus slalian 
- how aboul some wood panelling. 
The stralegy is durability - I'm sur-
prised subway ,raHiti arlists haven't 
gone 10 lawn here - iI" graHiti 
arti,ts ' healJt!n. What I can't stand 
masl of all i, formica tile. I"s addng 
a lot lor marble - we pall a 101. 

Elliolt 1.0 ... 
W ....... 

I like some of il because it's varied. 
like Central, but some 01 it is box-
like, boring and unimaginative. 

Nancy Calline 
Fifth year, Revelle 

Math cs It: manaaement acience 

Central is probably 'he bell look-
in, building on campus. I like il ,Ite 
mosl. It', unlortunate that Warren 
ha, no real architecture, and ,hat 
Revelle campus Isn't more attractive. 

Jeffery Hoover 
Senior, ReveUe 

U -Itica DP.I 

EeE photOI and interview. by Kathleen Donahue 

NIVERSITV BOOKSTORE 

YOU ARE INVITED TO JOIN 
THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

IN WELCOMING AUTHOR 
BETTY SWANSON CAIN 

SHE WILL SIGN COPIES 
OF HER BOOK 

AMERICAN FROM SWEDEN 
THE STORY OF A.V. SWANSON 

When Axel Svensson moved from his tene-
ment home in Bjuv, Sweden. at the age of 
eight to ease his family's financial burden. 
he began an odyssey that would extend over 
a quarter-century and thousands of miles . 

His life as an indentured farmhand 
made him resolve to improve his lot. With 
the sense of purpose he was [Q display 
throughout his life. he began saving from 
his meager earnings for passage to America. 
It took hlm four years to accumulate enough 
money for the trip, but when he left Swe-
den he was a third-class passenger-not 
herded with the impatient and desperate in 

Swanson returned to Sweden only once. 
in 1929 , but during the last years of his life 
he thought a great deal about the country 
and family he had left behind. and he shared 
those memories and stories with his daughter 
Betty SwansonCain . She draws on those 
private conversations and on her subsequent 
research in America and Sweden to tell the 
story of an American from Sweden. . 

Betty Swansoll Cain has recently reured 
from the University of California. San 
Diego, to devote her time to the writing 
of this and other books. 

steerage. NOVEMBER 18" 1987 
11:30A.M.-1:30P.M. 

MONDAY ·FRIDA Y 7:45 .h.M-5: t5PM - SATURDA Y to:ooAM -·1:ooPM CLOSED SlINDA YS & HOLIDA YS "534 -3770 

lfTT fRS lfTT fHS lfT 
Continued from pqe 5 
users, both real and imagined. (In-
cidently, it was Meese', insistence 
that mandatory drug and polygraph 
tests be given to over one million 
lederal government employees in 
an expensive crusade to ferret out 
dopers.) While Ginsberg's grass 
smoking may appeal to a huge 
cross-section of the American pop-
ulous who see him as a regular guy, 
it is the "extraordinary" guy or 
woman who must be lought out to 
sit on the Supreme Court. 

This court desperately needs 
someone in the Atticus Finch mode_ 
Finch, you'll remember was the 
Macon, Georgia lawyer in the epic 
novel and movie , "To Kill a Mock-
ingbird." Coincidentally, it was the 
president's longtime pal Gregory 
Peck who played Finch and nar-
rated the nationwide television com-

'mercial for Norman Lear's "People 
lor the American Way" who had 
much to do with the elimination of 
Bork. 

Reagan should now ignore any-
one being pushed by his Cabinet 
and far-right friends and nominate 
Mr_ Peck for the U.S. Supreme 
Court. It's not as farfetched as it 
sounds, to select an actor who 
played a lawyer, afterall Ameri-
can~ twice elected to the world's 
most powerful office a B-grade 
movie actor who once co-starred 
alongside a monkey_ 

Peter Quercia 

Co-op 
Continued from pAle 4 
process the co-ops use to run them-
selves. It is a complicated situation 
that can only be solved through the 
combined efforts of the co-ops and 
the UCB. 

I would emphasize, again, the 
complexity of the iuue. My own 
interpretation is probably incom-
plete and delinitely arguable. How-
ever, I felt an obligation to attempt 
to inform students, and to show 
support for the CO-OplI_ 

Thomas Canty is a member of 
the Food Co-op and was Ihe co-op 
represenlalive to the UCB lasl 
year. 

Support t~ 

~!919A"lSZ! 

Leaks 
Continued from page 1 
will not be completed unht the end 
of winter quarter, well past the 
rainy season. 

In the meantime , there are 
emergency plans to re-rool lour 
units. Other residents inconven-
ienced by leaks may be compen-
sated, depending on the serious-
ness 01 their problem. According to 

Monday, No~ber 16, 1987 7 

NEWS 

the housing office, residents can 
submit a request for reimbursement 
to the Mesa Apartments Residence 
Office, or, if need be, they may 
relocate within the complex at no 
cost. 

Otherwise, residents will have to 
hope for a dry winter and wait for 
contractors to get to work. As 
Gavin explained it: "The problems 
are here, the money is here, it's just 
a problem 01 getting the manpower 
going." rn1 

• 

• 
\ 

-.. 

The UCSD Faculty Club, located between Peterson Hall and the Sun God, is due to open in 

Clubs 
Continued from page 1 

prospective club manager. include. 
a request that they employ studenta. 

Students were not involved in the 

"The campus also needs a social 
center lor the laculty and staH. The 
students are gelling one in the new 

year because it IS a small building 
and does not need as many appro-
vals according to a statement from 
the oHice 01 Stanley Chodorow, 
dean of arts and humanities, and 
faculty club board president. 
president. 

Undergraduate students are not 
totally excluded from the faculty 
center. They can use the facility as 
long as they accompany a member. 
Also, the job outline distributed to 

UCSD staff, alumni , current and 
former professors, and graduate stu-
dents can purchase (faculty club) 
memberships for about $10 a month. 

•• ~ 
planning for the club because "it's 
not a c1u b for students ," read the 
dean's statement. 

SUMMER 
SESSION 
1 9 8 8 
Planning your winter schedule? UCSD Summer 
Session will be offering over 150 courses In two 
five-week sessions (June 27-July 29 and August 
i-September 2). A preliminary course list will be 
available in early January. The tuition for resi-
dents and non~residents will be the same as last 
summer. $45/quarter unit. To receive a free 
catalog In March, call 534-4364, XU. or mall 
fom below. 
..................................... 

Please put me on the mailing list to receive a free 
SlAmmer Session catalog in March. 

~me ______________________________ __ 

~r~ ______ . ______________________ ___ 

City 

State ___________________ Zip 

Mail to: UCSO Summer Session. X-<J04/Universlty of California 
San Diego/La Jolla. CA 92093-0179. 

University Center, but that will not 
really serve the faculty and staff Dana Jackson collects water from the bedroom ceiling of his Mesa 
very well .... " [Q] apartment. 

MISSISSIPPI BLUES GREAT! 

JOHN 
H~MMQ~Q 

plus special guests 

THE MIGHTY PENGUINS 
Due w illness Brownie McGhee will not be able to appear. 

November 18, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $11.00, Students $7 0 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $ ).00 
~ ~ & UCSD Box Office: 534,4559 

Presented by UCSD University Events & Student Activities_ ... 



8 Monday . Nouember 16. 19 7 

Making treble in Mandeville 

Singing g.roups hit the notes at UCSD 
By GAY A TRI L.G. 
Guardian Intem 

When Max Headroom says, "Catch 
The Wave," do you run to let the sun coat 
your body and the sand pour over your 
toes? If so, you're in luck, because any 
student on the UCSD campus can direct 
you to the nearest beach. 

But if your waves arc of different order, 
then you have a problem. Even omnipotent 
EDNA can't direct you to a place where 
you can sing to your heart 's content . But I 
was lucky. Maybe Orpheus, the Greek 
God of Music took pity on me. By a for. 
tuitous chance I caught a glimpse of the 
array of opportunities in vocal music at 
UCSD. 

At the beginning of the fall quarter, I 
overheard a string of musical notes as I 
walked by Mandeville Center. Listening to 
the music, I sat down and closed my eyes. I 
immediately felt as if I'd been transported 
from UCSD to Europe pacing the floor of 
some Gothic or Romanesque cathedral, 
listening to a talented choir. Traveling has 
never been so easy. 

Further inquiry revealed that my travel 
agent is known as Collegium Choir - a 
two unit class , like most vocal groups at 
UCSD. Each class has different require· 
ments and its own unique set-up and style . 

Collegium is composed of approx-
imately 20 people, and they concentrate 
on strictly traditional music from the fif-
teenth and sixteenth centuries. Admis~ion 
is determined by audition, and becoming a 
member is contingent upon sight reading 
ability , voice-quality , and experience. Phil 
Larson, the director of the group stresses 
that the small size of the group makes it 
vital that each member is conscious of 
what his/her voice is doing. 

Larson, motivates the members of Col-
legium through his extreme enthusiasm. 
Between songs, he communicates musical 
advice via humorous a necdotes . His excite-
ment is infectious. Peter Todd, one of the 
members , said, " Phil is the kind of guy you 
can' t get enough of." 

Peter 's won ' t be the only positive 
CAPE review. Mary Kilmer and Susannah 
Martin derived the following poems from 
their appreciation of Collegium. 

"A small group of singers are we 
Brimming with sociable glee 
The harmonies applaud 
Phil Larson, our God. 
No, 'tis no hyperbole." 

. Mike Oilzman/Guardian 
The concert chOir voices their feelings about Bach's magnificat. 

Larson discussed his group by saying, 
"1/ you aren't excited about the music you 
don' t have a chance. Collegium is a good 
musical time for me. I try to influence and 
encourage the students to discover that 
which excites me. I enjoy collegium, and I 
try to keep it very open. Collegium is a 
musical and a social experience." 

Larson is also in charge of a much larger 
group than Collegium, known as Concert 
Choir. Sight reading is not a prerequisite, 
but it does help. Bill Koch , one 01 the 
members stated, "Concert Choir allows 
people who have never had anything to do 
with classical music to sing a difficult choir 
piece by one of the masters to the accom· 

paniment of an orchestra." 
This quarter the group will perform to 

their sheer delight the Magnificat by Bach. 
Stacey Jocoy said she was deeply moved 
by the Bach piece. "For some, Larson's 
exuberant altitude ensures that the hard 
work 01 rehearsals won't be a chore. 
Hilarie Grey commented, "Even though 
we're singing a serious piece, Phil keeps it 
fun by singing the soprano line." Larson 
feels a that Concert Choir provides "an 
opportunity for undergraduate soloists to 
perform," and he tries to have the class 
rehearse a major work every quarter. 

Concert Choir is arelatively large group, 
but it is by no means the largest: This 

Plannillg for the future 
through the Career Center 
By JULIE MUNRO 
Guardian Intern 

D o friends and relatives keep asking you what you plan to do when you finally earn 
that diploma? Does not having a ny 
answers put you into a state of 
panic? Well, fear no longer. There 
is help ava ilable to UCSD students, 
just for the asking. 

of the graduates opted to seek 
employment rather than immedi-
ately work toward a higher degree. 
Of these, 92 percent had found 
jobs a t a n average sa lary of 
$20,800: 80 percent found lull-
time jobs and 12 percent part-lime. 
Over half found their jobs through 
various personal contacts. 

recently met his mentor , Holly For-
eier, a technical programmer at 
Gould Industries and a UCSD grad. 
uate. Tod said his mentor "seems 
to know a 101 of people," and has 
set up an opportunity to introduce 
him to some 01 them in a rela xed, 
social environment (a .k.a. happy 
hour ). 

Tod explained that a student 
musl know exactly what they want 
and ha ve a specific career objective 
before a mentor can help them 
toward that goal. Time spenf with a 
menlor on the job ean ~xpose lhe 
student to practica l working pro-
cedure . 

There a re also mentor program. 
for liberal arts students. 

distinction belongs to Symphonic Chorus, 
a collection of vocalists comprised of UCSD 
students , and La Jolla residents selected by 
audition. Sightreading proficiency is indis-
pensible because of the size of this group 
and the pace at which it works. 
, Community member, Catie Marshall 
said, "Lots of the people are musicians, 
and it's wonderful practice." Eric Topper, a 
UCSD student finds being in a group with 
so many excellent singers "a great expe-
rience, but a humbling one." 

This high level of musicianship inspires 
its director, Dr. David Chase to say, 
"There is nothing that this group cannot 
do. They constantly amaze me with their 
enthusiasm and skills_ .. Chase feel. that the 
diversity of the group, resulting from its 
combination of UCSD students and com-
munity members, is one of the most signifi-
cant aspects of the Symphonic experience. 
The level of intelligence is remarkable. I 
keep discovering things which can be 
achieved with this group both musically 
and otherwise", he said . 

Diversity is a recurring phrase when 
speaking ab6ut Symphonic Chorus. The 
music this group performs IS as vaned as ItS 
people, and can widely differ from quarter 
to quarter . This summer symphonic Cho-
rus will be singing American music in 
Germany and Austria when they go on 
tour in July. 

The level of musical knowledge in the 
group is impressive but what is more amaz-
ing is how such a large group with lIuch a 
variety of parts ranging from high soprano 
to deep bass can retain the individuality of 
each part while still sounding like a unified 
whole. Student Linsey Kramer said, "It's 
the best large ensemble I've ever sung in. 
The quality is just superb." 

Chase and the assistant director Joretta 
Wright are extremely thorough in their 
instruction_ Anyone not wholly committed 
to the music would find it an exhausting 
process. The members of Symphonic find 
the work very rewarding. Community 
member Aimee Wood said, "I've been 
singing for seven years (in this group) and 
it gives me a break from other stresses. It's 
very refreshing." Most members credit 
Chase and Wright for maintaining an 
excellent balance between work and en-
joyment. 

If these groups appear overwhelming, 
Madrigals might seem to be a more man-
ageable size. Madrigals is a group which 
consists of 13 people, ranging from soprano 

See SINGING, page 9 

You too can be mtroduced to 
well-connected professionals in your 
field 01 interest , get a job in your 
field , or prepare for post-graduate 
school. No, this is not a television 
commercial. These possibilities can 
be achieved by using the many 
resources and programs available 
through the Career Services Center, 
located in the concrete mirrored 
building halfway between the book -
store and the Sun God . 

According to a poll of UCSD's 
1986 class, nearly three-quarters 

I n response to the high successes 
of linding jobs through personal 
contacts , programs were developed 
in the Career Center to help . tu-
dents establi sh such connections. 
A " Mentor" program seb -up 
seniors in their last quarte r with a 
contact lor one month. This con-
tact then a llows the student to 
accompany him or her in the fi eld 
for a total of eight hours, introduc-
ing the student to potenti al con-
tacts, and giving advice for job 
hun ling. 

T od Posivak, a math and com-
puter science major at Muir , has 

Another program, " The Job 
Search Club," involves an alter 
graduation three-week session on 
how to e~ t abli sh contacts while also 
lending . upport during the chal-

See FUTURE, page 12 

This graph shows the lields of employment in which UCSD's 
1986 cia,;. graduates found after graduating. Out of a class of 
1,353 students, 72% entered the workforce. These statistics are 
ba~ed on a career service poll which approximately half of the class 
returned. 

Singing in the classroom 
Continued from page 8 
to bass , and ib key signature is 
distinguished by the fact that it is a 
student·directed organization. 

Mark Bernfield, the second stu-
dent director said, "As I've sung in 
choirs all my life, being on the other 
side of the baton is an entirely dif-
ferent and challenging experience 
because I'm responsible for the col-
lective sound of 13 people instead 
of one. He hastens to eliminate any 
misconceptions about Madrigals, 
saying, "Our name implies that we 
sing only Madrigal (a particular 
style of music from the 16th cen· 
tury) pieces. Since we are a IItud· 
ent-run organization we have the 
freedom to venture into other styles 
within the bounds of a capella 
(without music or accompaniment) 

. .. 

musIc. 
Membership is determined by 

audition. The requirements are iden-
tical 10 those of Collequim, but 
prospective Madrigals should also 
be able to work with and enjoy a 
smaller group. 

A common thread of energy 
binds this group together . Scott 
Eliason, a member of Madrigals, 
said, "The musical communication 
of the group is great, and Mark 
(Bernfield) deserves credit for mot-
ivating us to achieve the best possi-
ble results_" Bernfield's subtle criti-
cisms and penentrating expressions 
often clue in the group as to how 
they sound_ He navigate! the course 

of the group while simultaneously 
allowing for individual discovery. 

The scene at Madrigals i~ remin-
iscent of friends gathered together 
for eggnog and song. There is a 

Dickensian flavor about it, 

Being able to read music is not a 
requirement for all of the musi -
cal groups at UCSD. 

similar to what is experienced when 
reading "Great Expectations." 

But do not mistake this geniality 
for complacency. As Kim Mantzke 
puts it, " I like Madrigals because 
it's fun and serious at the same 
time." 

Other vocal groups exist at 
UCSD, among which are two 
known as Gospel Choir and Jazz 
Choir. Gospel performs a variety of 
religious music , and Jazz Choir 
sings jazz pieces usually a capella 
but sometimes with an accompany-
ing piano, ba~s, and drums . Our 
bards , Mary Kilmer and Susannah 
Martin , have their own way of des-
cribing jazz choir: 
.. And then we have jazz 
With rhythm pizzazz 
And aural magic galore. 
For toms and for cats 
Blending in scats 
We leave them pleading lor more." 

Each vocal group at UCSD has 
its own unique qualities , but enjoy-
ment of music unites them. Of 
course, there is a certain amount of 
difficulty thai must be overcome 
when new music needs to be 
learned, but like a dissonant chord, 
it is eventually resolved . 

Collegium, Madrigals , and Con-
cert Choir are confident tha t Ihis 
resolution will be completed by 
Dec. 1, 1987, when they are sche-
duled to perform in Recital Hall at 
8 pm. Symphonic is scheduled to 
perform within this month . 

Ask anyone involved to express 
their sentiments about these classes, 
they' ll sing - alter finding their 
note and with a little help from 
Depeche Mode - "they just can't 
get enough." (g 

The jazz choir may not be singing but at least they look jazzy wh ile standing outside of their Mandeville 
classroom. 

.------------. 1 ' 1 I kinko'S® I I BACK TO SCHOOL I I SPECIAL I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

I I 
I I 
I $2 OFF I I I 
I PASSPORT I I PHOTOS I 
II No appolntlllenll • • • I 
I no •• ltlng I I Good month of November. 1987 I 
18855 Villa uJolia Dr. I 
I 457-.775 I I Only one coupon per VIS;t I 
._--------_ .. 

Monday , November 16. 1987 9 
FEATURES 

Mark Bernfield of the Madrigal Choir reaches for the highs and lows 
of the musicial scale. 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

• • 
· 250~ any small, • • _ off medium, or large. 
• WI' frozen yogurt • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• VOId WIt h a ny a t her offer ~~~'~" ~'U~,j\l~v_' ;r~~ • 

• 

TOPPIngs not Included 
One coupon to a • • customer Exp 11 /22/ 87 • 

• 
Hours: 11-10:30. Mon.-Thurs. I~~n ("Ion. • 

11 11 F & Sat v~~H' 
• - . n. p'u,u . 

12-10.30 Sunday ""A"",,,,,""O""', -\----+----l 
~ ................... ~ 

UNLIMITED MONTHLY MEMBERSHIP 
FOR ONLY ... 

Sl5 (30 .... ~S1 
Plus S 1 Each VIsIt - ExpIm 11/113/81 

CALL NOW! 454-9981 

7660 FAY AVE. (UPSTAIRS) • LA JOllA 
• FAY AT KUNE 

~, ) 

FEATURING HEW IUL85 IN.w. OUR IIDSI 



r ' 

z ........ a .. ... 
o PIeast send 1M )Wf ffte bookIeI"The Zen F.xperieIIcr-
o I am Ibo inIefe*d in iafonnltion about: 

-z E\'en~ InIei.M Seminars in Zen MeditIIion In 
Los AnJ!eIe$, SIll francisco, San Diego and New York 

• Aspen SunDer Zen FestMI. Desert Excursioos 
·MluiZen~ 

-------- ---~ 
~--------~~--~--~ 
~----~--~----~----
-------Zip----

SflllllIO; Za- JOI~ ~ Mot. #1 zoo, Los~, CA 9002~ or 
at (ll)) l7.H67Hllu"Zas-narbooklrl 

. Some haYe described it IS (Wor Heaven. others ........ 
In Zen it is called Zen mind or EnU~ 

While names, descripcions aM ... b retrNn8 Iht SIll CIRIer (j .... _ "", 
greatly, the ultimate worth of this awareness Is .eed upon by all .-... ... 
experience of Ihe sdlI center of beillB brings freedom, self-control,' h'''''-'Ie ana:; 
those who have attuned their lives to it 

Zen is the study of Ihe Ten Thousand SWes or Mind and of Enlightenment, lhed ~ 
wbidllies beyond the Teo 11Iousand StIleS of Mind Jt is a hWtJy personII tWcIf 
clarity and purpose into the lives of those who practice it. 

Zen Buddhist thought has had a profound influence upon QHese _ .... ~.,~"'; 
and culture, A. great deal of the current success of the Japanese corporale'l'" 
the elect of c9'turies of Zen pracdce in Japan, Martial arts, dance, poeU)f.ua._w.:: 

:JlI1d many otIl'er forms of personal, athletic and artistic expression bate ..... !IJIti .... qf1~~, 
Zen mind. 

Zen is a highly refined and Il1isUc approach to the 1IeIDIft8 of life. Jt; 
• learn Oriental customs or to speak the Japanese IIngu. to succ=s'''Iy pracdc:e It. At 

required is an open mind, patience, a good se.- of II.- aad an mee. -..e fit 
improvement. 

• A II 

Wednesday, November 18 7:30 pm-lO pm 
Regency Ballroom at the Hyatt IsIandiI 

1441 Quivira ROad, MissiMBGIy 

Mondoll, November 16, 1987 11 



12 Monday, November 16. 1987 

FEATURES 

ATTENTION 
MUIR FRESHMEN 

Muir College is now appointing its 

FRESHMAN 
SENAT.OR 

Pick up applications by 
Wednesday, November 18, 1987 

from Clare in the 
Muir Dean's Office 

GET INVOLVED 
TODAYl 

Join Hughes In Carlsbad 
The Hughes Microelectronics 

Center in Carlsbad is a world leader in 
the research and development of CCO 
arrays. We currently have multiple op-
portunities available in each of the 
following categories: 

Device Engineering 
In this key position, you will sup-

port the device modelling and radia-
tion testing on the Trident program. 
You will program automatic test equip-
ment, analyze data and develop lab 
capabilities. Requires a BAIBS in 
Physics or Electrical Engineering and 
experience with FORTRAN, PASCAL 
and BASIC. 

Research Assistant 
Duties will include performing 

material and parametric measure-
ments on semiconductor devices over 
temperature and under radiation, 
analyzing data, writing reports, 
assembling test programs and training 
others on test stations. An AS in Elec-
troniGs and experience in semicon-
ductor laboratory measurements using 

_ ..... ""'" _ ....... _-

cryogenic and vacuum systems re-
quired. Must be familiar with physical 
measurements using radiation 
sources. Experience with FORTRAN, 
PASCAL and BASIC. 

We offer an attractive salary and 
an outstanding benefits package, in-
cluding tax-deferred; savings, medical, 
dental and vision care coverage; plus 
paid time off between Christmas and 
New Years. 

Please send your resume to Pro-
fessional Staffing, Hughes Aircraft 
Company, Microelectronics Center, 
Dept. G08-1187, 500 Superior 
Avenue, P.O. Box H, Newport Beach, 
CA 92658-8903. Proof of U.S. Citizen-
ship Required. Equal Opportunity 
Employer. 

Creativity 
America depends on. 

HUGHES 
, 

MICROELECTRONICS CENTER 

Future 
Continued from page 8 
lenging period of job hunting. 

The center's services are free to 
alumni for one year following gra· 
duation. An annual fee of $30 is 
charged aller this time. 

The technical profelliional job 
market offers more opportunities 
than other field. in today'. job 
market and appears to leave the 
liberal arb student in low demand. 

Anne Doney, career informa· 
tion specialist at the center, said 
that "75 percent or 80 percent of 
aU [potential job] positions arenever 
listed." She added that the 20 per· 
cent which are listed in want ads 
tend to be high·demand employers 
looking to fill positions in fields such 
as engineering, nursing, and sales. 

So, the question remains: What 
about the liberal arts student? Dor-
sey advises them not to be discour· 
aged if none of the on· campus job 
interviews or job listings appeal to 
them. Since positions in their fields 
of interest are lellS likely to be 
clearly and systematically outlined 
and listed, she advises the liberal 
arts student to use the contact 
building programs available at the 
center in order to uncover that pool 
of unlisted position •. 

Neil Murray, director of career 
services center, said that in the past 
five years "the number of employ· 
ers who visit campus or hire 
[UCSO] students has expanded 
dramatically ." Although the 
demand to fill technical. positions 
stiD surpasses the others, he stressed 
that the number of firms looking for 
liberal arts majors is growing more 
rapidly than the number looking for 
technical majors. 

In regard to this situation, Mur-
ray said, "Certainly the rate of 
employment, the average salaries, 
the ability to find a job directly 
related to their education is greatest 
among technical graduates." He 
went on, however, to say that the 

Murray stressed 
that the number of 
firms looking for lib-
eral arts majors is grow-
ing more rapidly than 
the number looking 
for technical majors. 

hiring gap is closing between the 
technical and the liberal arb grad. 
uates. 

A new program is being started 
this year which could accelerate the 
growing success of the liberal arts 
major. SLA TE (Senior Liberal Arts 
Training for Employment) was 
described by Murray as "a five· 
session program geared to take lib· 
eral arb people all the way from not 
knowing what they want to do to 
giving them a real awareness of the 
job market preparing them with 
resumes and interview skiDs." Ideal. 
Iy, students will come out of the 
program well prepared to under. 
take the task of job·hunting with a 
personalized search strategy and 
the tools they need to carry it out. 

It's never too early to start think· 
ing about and preparing for a post-
graduate job hunt. Career.related 
experience was verified by the cen· 
ter's survey to increase the gradu-
ates' employment success rate. The 
most common type of experience 
was the part.time job. Murray en. 
courages undergraduates to work 
in jobs directly related to their field 
of interest as well as maintaining a 

See SERVING, page 13 

SpeakE ... Z 
"There's been no top 

authority saying what 
marijuana does to you. 1 
really don't know much 
about it. 1 tried it once but 
it didn't do anything to 
me." 

-John Wayne 

"Woman was God's 
second mistake." 
-Friedrich Nietzsche 

Anne Dorsey, a career information specialist, said that e want ads 
can be a misleading source for job hunters. Only a small percen -
tage of available jobs are actually listed. The employers which use 
the paper to look for employees are usually looking to fill technical 
or sales positions. 

"Nietzsche was stupid 
and abnormal." 

-Leo Tolstoy 

Serving your future 
"I t is better to be quot, 

able than to be honest." 
-Tom Stoppard 

Continued from page 12 
strong focus on their career goals, 
especially liberal arts majors. 

The Part-Ti me Employment 
Department of the Career Services 
Center is a convenient source for 
finding such part. time jobs. There 
are job listings for all on·campus 
jobs as well as a wide variety of 
off·campus jobli. A recent visit to 
the job board found listings for posi· 
tions in janitorial services, engi. 
neering internships, and even one 
paid position of a golfing compan· 
ion. Natasha Durgadin, a Third 
College sophomore, uses the list· 
ings to look for on·campus jobs. 
She said that without the center's 
easy access, she "wouldn' t be mot · 
ivated" to keep looking for a job. 
Natasha commented on a need for 
more on·campus listings because 
"work· study takes most on·campus 
jobs." 

Richard Warren, a Muir College 
junior, use. the listings to look for 
technical, computer.related jobs. 
He has in the pallt found jobs from 

A mentor program 
sets up seniors in their 
last quarter with a con-
tact for one month. 
Time spent with a men-
tor exposes student 
to practical work pro-
cedure. 

the listings and highly recommends 
the center. He has been received 
positively by his employers. He 
pointed out that when people list a 
job on campus it must be because 
they want to hire UCSD studenb. 

Of all public colleges, UCSD has 
the highest percent of graduates go 
on to earn a Ph.D. UCSD also 
boasts the highest percentage 
among all public universities of 
graduates that go on to medical 
school. Twenty-eight percent of the 
1986 graduates went immediately 
to graduate school and others plan. 
ned to continue their education in 
the future. 

The Career Services Center ad· 
vises students interested in ad· 
vanced degrees to begin the pro· 
cellll in their junior year . Students 
should get to know professors, do 
individual research, begin thinking 
about leiters of recommendation 
and admissions tests, and prepare 
their application. There a re three 
advisors at the center to assist stu· 
dents with decision.making and ad · 
mllSlon procedures. In addition, 

admission representatives from grad. 
uate and professional schools recruit 
at the center both individually and 
in groups at fairs . lm 

• Call for 
Appointment 

• MENS CUTS $4 OFF 
Reg. $19.00 

.. WO",ENS CUTS $5 OFF 
Reg. $24.00 

.. price IncludeS: 
hie cut. shampOO, gra~nditioning an.d p~otessionaf styling 

8843 La Jolla Village Drive 
(Next to Ralphs) 

457-3334 EXPtRES 12-31-87 

A Choice, 
A Responsibility 

• Fnx' p"'l(naney le"lin~ 
• Early p"'l(nallcy testi nl( 
• P~A"nan('~' lernlillaliun 
• Gf'nerat (lr If .... al a llc,t h(', ia 
• 1(,tal (alllily plullllin/! 

l't'M'il't'S 

• l)jal(lI'l»i~ & treatment 
,,( Sl'xua ll y tran,mitt~t 
(Iist' .. ",-·~ jSTO'"j 
riiil Family Planning 

Associates 
Medical Group 

I'rhah' & S .. "I.·". I",,,,,,,,,,· 

('all tltc('N!tyc /.tilc 
619535·1379 

", Stu""t Oist:/IlIllt 

Monday . NOIIPmhpr Ih. 1 Q!l7 1 ~ 

FEATURES 

SKLNK 

How animals carry their young. 

tDn LInes 
TANNING SALON 

SWIMWEAR • SPORTSWEAR. LOTIONS 
presents 

the newest 
Raisins® 

collectionl 
the latest 

swimwear styles 
& colors 

7748 Regents Rd. 
Vons Center 

458-0108 

YOUR STUDENT TRAVEL CENTER 

All FARES 
ROUND TRIP 

Cheap fares 
plus rail posses, 
international student 
10, tours and 
much more. 
Ask about our free travel 
catalog. Book now for 
Thanksgiving and Christmas. 
BAY AREA .... .. ........ .. . $78 
PHOENIX .. .. .. .. .. . . .. . .. $38 
NEW YORK ... ... .... . . ... $238 
LONDON ................ $419 
PARiS ...... . .. .. ......... $588 
HONG KONG .... .. .. .. . . $609 
SYDNEY .... . .. ... ... .... . $748 
CARACAS .......... ..... $340 
CARRIBEAN .. ...... .. .... $370 
TAHITI .... . ..... ...... ... $583 

UNCL 
Council navel Services 

452-0630 
UCSD STUDENT CENTER -_---' 



14 Mondal/. November J 6, 1987 

Film · Streetcar Named Desire, November 18,8 pm USB 2722. 

Reggae T shirt.> still on sale for only $5.00. Get them now in the A.S. Office. 

TG - Party to The Calypso Sounds of "Boracho Y Loco" this Friday at the 
Hump. Food will be provided by the Surf and Skateboard Clubs. Be There!! 

mportant positIons are now open for Programming Committee. Call X44450 for 
nfo. 

Triton Waves Membership 
Membership includes a guaranteed great time and lor a small contribution, you can 
emoy free admission to all regular season home games, free giveaways and a 
chance at contest prizes, parties before and after selected games, and disocunts at 
selected local restaurants and/or stores. A membership benefit card, valid through 
June, gets you all this and more for just $7 .00. To obtain a card, either bring a 
check for $7.00 (payable to the Triton Waves) to our office (in the student center, 
above the food co,op), or call us at 452-0196 (Anita) or 259·4891 (Paul). To 
join, or to just get a little more information, give us a call or come by our office. 
The tide is high, so catch the wave! 

UCSD Triton Yearbook 
Hey out there, the UCSD Triton Yearbook needs YOU! We are currently looking 
for photographers (especially experienced sports photographers), an AS. Clubs 
and Organizations Editor, and general stall for the Greek and Clubs section. 
Interested photographers please call Patty Wong at 535-0342. If you're either 
interested in general staff or the Clubs Editor positions, please call Alex Wong at 
259-4891 (but PLEASE, not before 10 am). 

How To Get Your Own UCSD Triton Yearbook 
The book is a member of the ASUCSD, sponsored by the Alumni Association, 
and completely student run . The book will cover all four colleges, major on.campus 
events, intercollegiate sports, AS. Clubs and Orgs .. res. halls, the Greeks, and 
more! They will not be released until the Fall 011988. Order forms are available at 
EDNA, or call Alex Wong for more info at 259.4891. 

Triton Yearbook 
UCSD Triton Yearbook neoos a publicity committee! Interested in helping out? 
CaU Cheryl at X44450 or pick up an application at the A.S. Office. 

The Society of Women Engineers 
Carolyn Heising is a 1984 UCSD graduate. She is well known in the field of 
Nuclear Engineering. As one 01 10 Nuclear Engineers to visit Chernobyl after the 
incident, and being granted a two·year grant to review management of Japanese 
nuclear facilities she has dealt with some very controversial topics . She will be 
speaking on current topics in Nuclear Engineering this Wed., Nov. 18 at PH 108. 
Wine and cheese at 7 pm with the speaker at 7:30. 

American Society of Mechanical Engineers 
There will be a speaker from the Prolessional 50ciety re: the Stirling Engine and/or 
Graduate Programs in Engineering. Students interested in the Human Powered 
Vehicle Design Com <!tition must attend. Thurs. , 11/19, 4:00·5:30 pm at the 
International Center Main Lounge. Refreshments. For more inlo, call Jeff at 270. 
7695 or X431 72. 

U.P.S.S.A. 
The Undergraduate Political Science Student Association will hold its first meeting 
of the year on Thursday, November 19 at 7 pm in the International Center 
Undergradute meeting Room. We are new, and we want you! Refreshments will be 
served. Any questions? Contact Chris Millich at 481 ·6774, or Courtney Simpson 
at 481 ·6034. 

Engineering Students 
Need a little attitude adjustment to last until finals? Be in the Pub this Wed. at 5 
pm. HUMP DAY IN THE PUB Courtesy of AIAA, ASME, SEC, and SWE. 

Are you a Biology Major with an Aptitude for Business? 
The Society for Biotech management presents Audrey Dickason, Harvard MBA, 
,and business strategist for QUIDEL, a San Diego based Biotech company that 
U3es monoclonal antibody technology to develop diagnostics and therapeutics. 
Discover opportunities in Biotech.Nov. 19, 7 pm in the North Conference Room. 

Young Americans For Freedom 
Young Amercans For Freedom presents Leo Lacayo, West Coast representative of 
the Nicaraguan Resistance, to speak about the present state of alia irs in 
Nicaragua. USB 2722, Nov. 17 at 8:30 pm. 

Students for Slow Growth Committee 
All students interested in forming an on·campus student organization for slow 
growth in San Diego should contact Brett Franklin in the AS. Offices, 534.4450. 
Please call before November 20. 

Lobby Annex POlitions Open 
Two members are needed for the lollowing positions: Affirmative Action desk, and 
Women's desk. For more info. please contact Brett Franklin in the A.S. Office, 
534·4450. Applications are due in the A.S. by November 20 at 4:30 pm. 

Tryouts for the UCSD Surf Team 
will be held Sat. , Nov. 21 , 7 am at Blacks Beach. All those men, women, 
kneeriders and bodyboarders interested in surfing for the team must compete. More 
info. will be available and you can sign·up at the Surf Club meeting Nov. 198 pm 
at AP&M 2402 . All Surf Club members should attend and remember your three 
addresses. For more info call 534-4037. 

R.I.S.C. 
Our next big event is the Thanksgiving Trip to Salt Lake City , UTAH. The 
mandatory meeting is this Wednesday, Nov. 18, 8: 15 in the Rec. Conference 
Room. After the meeting, we will be holding a Thumper Tournament to warm up 
for the AII·Cal Thumper Tourney. 

STEAMBOAT - ALL·CAL - STEAMBOAT - ALL·CAL -STEAMBOAT 
Tickets have not sold out7 so go to the Box Olfice. Buy your ticket for "The All· 
Cal." $329 . Bus; $255 . Ground; $488 - Air. $329 buys you round.trip bus 
transportation, 5 night deluxe accommodations, 5 days skiing, Iree All·Cal T·shirt 
and baseball cap, 2 on·mountain picnics, Fun.Race, Thumper Tounament, Dance 
Contest, 2 Parties with live bands, Broomball Tournament, Costume contest, 2 
stops in Las Vegas, and much much more . ... 

Coming Dec. I , Greg Stump's Movie, "The Good the R.d and Gnarly" to 
Mandeville, 7-9 pm. Tickets go for $3.00. 

Volunteer Faire 
Come to the Volunteer Faire on November 19th, from 10·2 pm at the Hump and 
find out what you can do for San Diego. Reps. from hospitals , community 
programs, and other orgs. will be present to answer your questions and help you to 
find the perfect volunteer program for you. 

Attention Student Organizations 
It is time once again to submit your articles and/or special event updates for the 
Winter Student Organization Newsletter. Please have those typed articles· with 
catchy headlines· in to Mary Allen's office before Dec. 4. Tell the campus and 
other organizations what your group is doing next quarter. 

CMOS IS Processing Technology 
IEEE presents Mr. Michael Stuber from Unisys Corporation to give a presentation 
on CMOS Integrated Circuit Processing Technology. A survey of various logic 
families will be given, with emphasis on CMOS technology, past, present, and 
future. Wed., November 18, 7-8:30 pm at PH 104. 

Twinkiea Anybody? 
Come see Dr. Saltman talk about his controversial new publication: "The 
California Nutrition Book." After his presentation, thre will be an informal 
reception, where you can explore other aspects of this colorful and personable 
Biology professor. November 20, 3-4:30 pm in the International Center Lounge. 
Sponsored by the Life Sciences Student Organization. 

Free Screening, Free Popcorn! 
At this week's meeting of the Diabetic Support Group we will show a free 
screening of one our member's video productions: Diabetes: Trying to Cope. 
November 18, from 4·5 pm on the 2nd floor of the Student Health Center. Please 
call Dalynn from SHS at 534·2419 or Lisa, 546·0544 for more info. 

Muir Frelhmari Senator 
Muir College Council is now accepting applic tions for AS. - Muir College 
Freshman Senator. Pick up applications from Clare in the Muir ean's Office. If 
there are any questions, contact Russ Heilig at 452-7443. 

OPtN .. 
Monday - Friday 8:45 - 5:00 

THE GENERAL STORE CO-OP 
is now selling anorted sandwiches at our usually low starving-· ·tudent prices! Don't 
forget , we still have the cheapest soda on campus as well a ~ munchies, tee.shirts, 
school supplies and film developing. We're more than just a ,uda pop co·op. Shop 
at the General Store Co.op in the Student Center, Monday.Frlday from 8:45 to 
5:00 pm. 

cu 
1

_-1: 
..,.. 

t 

OIIGANIZAnONAL MRETING 
T.,...gy 
!I.oo P'" - To .... 11 SocIal and PolItically Minded JeWISh 
Stul1enl5 The ISR .... El .... CTlON COMMITTEE wants your 
mputllnterestffi In Israel7 ZlonlSm7 The M~astConillct7 
Folk clanong7 Israeli UnIVerSIty Programs7 Drop by rm 
207. upstairs in the Student Center 
!l1OO pm - The Israel .... etlon Commltt.... has Its 
programming Illf!etlng ev .. ry Tuesday. G .. t involvedl Help 
us plan lor this quarter and the n .. xt . For more information 
call 534·6244 At room 207. Student Center UPStiUrS 
' :00 P'" - Th~ If'Sb,,n and Gay OrganIZatIon genrral 
meetIng Come and g .. t Invollledil SocIal to follow At the 
Int .. rnational C .. nter Conferenc .. Room. 
Wid .... ...,. 
4111 •• ,00 pM - Video presentatIOn and Ir .... popcorn 
at teday's Diabetic Support Group. "Doabetes: TlYing to 
Cop .... WIll br lollowed by open discussion . .... t Student 
Health SeMc ... 2nd 1Ioor. 
7,10 ptII - HELP STOP CONTAA .... ,0. Friends 01 
Nicaraguan Cultur... UCSO. _IComes all t~ who 
support peac .. In Central I'\metica . .... ttend our -..I<1y 
meetings in La Jolla. Call 546-1464 for mor .. information. 
n...u, 
...... 100 ptII - .... SME·S last ~aI meeting this 
-_.......,_~~ quarter. There will br a ~aker discussing the stirling •~;;;;::~:;:~~.iii~;;;:==:;:;;;>~_-1 engIne and/or graduat .. programs. StudenU Interestffi In the MVP must attend this mee\Ing. ....t InternatIOnal Center. 

AllVICD AND WDIIICSHOPI 
...... 

11IundIIJ' 

.. 00 pm - SURF-CLUB meets • all thoSe Interested in 
trying out for the team must attend . .... 1So. come find out 
about thIS Saturday's Dig party. R .. member )lOUr thr .... 
addressesl .... , APM 2402 

Monday, November 16. J987 15 

ACADRMIC SERVICES 
Mond~F"d.,. 
.. 00 _4,00 P'" - SIGI PlUS. System of Int .. r.1CWe 
Guidanc .. and Inlormation IS a comput .. r· baSed program 
of career information designed to help ~u darily your 
skills. values and occupational Interests. For mor .. infor' 
mation. come to Career SeMce; Cent .. r . .... dm/ssion. SIO. 
..... '00 ..... -DROP·INJl.DVISING HOURS: Foo: ~P 
finding desirable part·t11llf! emplOyment. det .. rmlmng 
career goals. Sl'arching lor jobS or exploring prolesslonal 
or graduat .. school opportunities. No appoinrmenrneces· 
sary. just walk· in .... t Career Services Cente, 
TuesdIIy 
"100 _ - FINDING THE HIOOEN JOB MAAKEl 
80% 01 all./oll vacanoes ar .. unadvertised This wor~ 
will teach you the most ellective wifY to find them. ,4.[ 
Career Services Center. 
' .... 100 ..... - DROP-IN .... DVlSlNG HOURS: For help 
with career goals. JOb hunting. resulllf! preparation or 
exploring pro~sional or graruat .. school opportunities. 
No appointment necessary. JUst walk·in . .... t Career Services 
Center. 
.... pta-Ci'lREERSOUTSJD£ THE DEFENSE 11I/OUSTRY. 
EJoplore alte'natives WIth a panel of professionals who'lI 
describr their jobS and their decisions to work In non-
der.,rue relatffi erMronments. Learn tips for Identifying 
and researching potential employers as well . .... t Career 
Services Center. 
t .... ., 

"100 _ - INTERVIEWING SKIIl.S WORKSHOP. Do 
)IOU ne«I heip in preparing for .JOb intenri~7 Cweer 

......... pta - GROUP FOR lJ\JMOTIV .... TED snr 
D£NTS. This group Is for students who ftnd it diflicuit to 
stu<l)l or get startffi on the writing 01 ~ and who feel 
that schOol Is not the plac .. for them at this tilllf! lffi by 
Hugh PMeS. Call Hugh at 534-3456 lor Information. CaN 
534-3755 for slar>-I,n At RevrHe COllege Prown's 0IIIr~ 
I ... t ... pta- GRJ\DUI\TE II/t)IIIICI"II IN HUMANI· 
TIES. ThIs Is a -..I<1y support groop for graduat .. women 
slUdentS In the Humanities concerned with~. pro-
fessIoNl. and aademk Issues. led by Chooch 1Iussr. Call 
Chooch at 534-3585 for InIbrmatIon and sign-up. At 2126 
!iSS. 
........ pta - GENERAl. THEIW'Y FOR STUOENTS: 
This group is for slUdentS with sodaI. peer or rNtiOnshIp 
concerns. s~aIion/lndMdUatlon i~. concerns. and 
lad< of asseftMness. led t¥ Lindsey SUober\ and o.n 
Munoz. Call u~ at 534-0249 for a preliminary Inter' 
_ and Infonnation. At 1003 HL 

z, .. z. .. ptII - OVERCOME COMI'UlSIVE e,o, TlNG. 
Studenu who regularly binge and diet ar.. irMtffi to join 
this group. W .. will focus on past and curr""t issues which 
underlie these patterns. working on relaxation and imag-
ery for changed inSl'lf-vlew5. Call~Harju. 534-3987 
for Informatloon and si!Jl"up . .... t HUL lOOJ. 
........... - SlJI'PPORT FOR GROUP FOR IlU'.CK 
WOMEN. A weddy support group lor Black women 
tgraooat .. or undergraduate' focusing on personal. Inter· 
personal and ~ issues. Led by Rochefle Bastien. 

Call_~ at 53+-3035 lor information and sigrHlll. At 
Third College Dean's OIIIce. 

,;::::::::---_J SeMces Center will provide tips on the best ways to 
Iiil present )lOUr qualifications and what kind 0 1 intelVlew 

........ pta - GRAOl.II\TE LESBIAN SUPPORT 
GROUP. t¥ Debbie "'len. CaU Debbie at 534-35B5 for 
InforrnatJon and slgn up. In HSS 2126-

...... 

questions to .. .pea. 
' ........... -DROP-INM)V1SINGHOURS:Forhetp 
with career goals. job hunting. resulllf! preparation or 
ecpIoring proll!ssional or graruat .. school opportunities. 
No iiJ4Xlit K"o:r It necessary.jus! walk-in . .... t Cateer Services 
Center. 
1IIunUJ 
, ... pta - THE M-'RKET .... 8lE RESUME WORKSHOP. 

....... .,. 

........ _ - RED IR~ing trom eating Dis· 
ordl!rs, Group II Students who haW! O\Iet"come Dinge/-

pur~ or anor..aa patterns are IrMtffi to join this group. 
W .. will USl' Imagery. relaxation. dr .. am worIc and unsuuc-
turffi group time to gain a greater understanding of who 
weare. The goaf 01 this group will brtooperlou~Up 
to who we are. OIIr values. our direction In li~-OOCh In 
the present and. by learning the process. in the tutur ... Led 
by a-rly HarjU and Brian JoIYlson. ,4.t warren Campus 
302. 

.... " ... _ - G/\Y IWD BISEXUAl. MEN'S SlJ'. 
PORT GROUP. An on-going c:onftdentiiIl support group 
for DOth undergraduate and graduate men who are eithrr 
questioning thrIr sexuality or who alrea<ty identif)l them-

~ as 'lifY or bisexual. Meets ...-eeIc1y. nlllf! ~ change 
If enough people are interested in tilllf! change. Led by 
Brian .Johnson and Craig WIese. 534· 3755 . .... t Hl 1003. 
" ... ,z. ... ~ - COPING WITH THE BLUES. ThIs 
group/class will provide an opportunity for partlopantS to 
learn reasons why th<y get depressed or blue. and teach 
them strategies to O\Iet'C~ these negat;..., moods. The 
focus will br practical and active. Tlvough working in the 
groop. participants WIll deI.<eIop strategies to help cope 
mor .. ellectlvely with problems as they COIllf! up In the 
futur... led by Craig Wiese and Stan Moor... StudenU 
should contact Craig or Stan at 534-3755 for aprefiminary 

-r--~. Learn how to consuuct a state-of·the-art resume that will 

interview . .... t Hl 1003. 
U ... '.H pili - .... DUlT CHILOIIEN OF .... lCOHOl-
ICS. Relationships not going well? Halling uouble .. xpress-
ing yourself to roomates/classmates? Overwhefmed with 
oerfectionist tendencies 7 Spending too much time ··taI<ing 
car .... 01 others· problems? ~. and more. ar .. issues 
that develop as a result 01 bring reared in an alCoholic 
lamily. Group Is designed to address )lOUr Issues. led by 
Pat Braden/Sharon Weld. For more Inlormation. call 534-
3755 . .... t HUl1003. 

,........, .... - At.COHOL .... NO SlAISTIWCE MUSE. 
"YOU"''O! tver aslced "Do I hiI\.'O! a prOblemT'. chances ar .. 
you do hiI\.'O! a few thinigs to talk abOUt. StudenU on arty 
age or history with subst.1llCes are ~come. Led ~ Dan at 
534-1579 for information and sign-up . .... t Revelle COllege 
PrOllOSt's Offic ... 

............ - GENEMl THEIIIIPV FOR WOMEN 
MEDtO\l STUDENTS. This group Is designed for the ~ 
ofic population noted and will locus on personal and 
interpernJOal concerns of group members. lrd by DeblJje 
"'len. 534-3585. Call Debbie lor mor .. information and 
sign-up . .... t HI 1003. 

.....1cIO pta - CAMPUS IlU'.CK WOMEN . .... Weekly 
discussion group on the issues concerns. and the quality 01 

Ii~ 01 the Black community at UCSO. This is an ongoing 
group and studenu can join at any time. Students can call 
I .. aden Phil Rafael. 534-0252. or Rochelle Bastien. 534-
3035. if they hiI\.'O! questions; otherwis .. they can just COIllf! 
to the group . .... t Mountain View lounge. 

... 

. . ,..' ~ 

IINTDTAlMRNT 
,......". 

.... pta - Atomicafe. a concert 01 contemporary music 
by UCSO graduate students . .... t RrdtaI Hall. 
.. ..... .,. 
... pM -\XIednesday ewning at the Mandeville ~ 
itorium. guitarist JoIY1 Hammond. ,....., 
'JIOO P'" Mysticism and Music. Cecil lytle · speaker.,4.t 
Mandeville 8-210. 
... .... - My5tIc Encounter I: Cecil Lytle. pianist per-
forms music by Scrlaben. Gur~~ and Rudtyar ..... t Recital 
Hall. 
...... 
....... - Mystic Encounter II: Pianist Margaret and 
I<arI !Cohn interpret Vision De l ''''''''''' by Messiaen. ,4.t 
RrdtaI Hall. 
s. ,...,. 
.... .... - Mystic Encounter III : UCN~. Tom 
Nee · conductor. Cecil lytle . .... t Mandlville .... uditoril/m. 

1'1" ARID 
........ .,.. 
7 ... pili - O .S.I.LA Presents "Hour of the Furnaces" as 
part 01 their latin Nnerican film series . .... t 1lH Third COl-
lege. 
VOLUNIW .... AIn 
11IundIIJ' 
, .... , ....... -lire yc;u interestffi In leaming more 
aoout IIOIunteer oppoftiJmties in the San Diego Commun-
ity? Come to the Volunteer Fairf! on Nov. 19. Usten to the 
music of "The Ride" and meet a lot of representatives trom 
organizations that could use your help. ,4.t The Hu~ 
Student Center. 
UCYUB 
,......". 

IJ ...... pta - Get a head start on CtIanuIcahf Do. 
.JIm Vanderkilm. a visiting profesor In.Judaic Studies. WIll 
speak on " The Maccabees:' Bring )'CUI' lunch. lle-m'age 
and deSSl'rt provided. Sponsorffi by the .Jewish Campus 
Centers. ,4.t North CorRr"",e Room. 
......., 
.......... ptII - Nutrition on )'CUI' mind? Then come 
and listen to Or. SaItman talk about his controvenlal new 
publication: "The California NuUitlOn Book: ' ")IOU·r .. not 
very interested In nutrition. ther .. WIll br lilllf! to expIor .. 
other asprct:S of this colorful and penonaDIe BiOlogy pro-
fessor . .... t Intemarional Center lOUnge 
ftCftAnON 
........ -.,. 
SIOO ..... - Engrneerlng Students: Midterms gettJng you 
down 7 Need a lIttle attItude adjUStment to last until 
"nals7 Courtesy 01 .... IM. MME. SIIIE and .... CE .... t the 
PUb. 
POLITICAL MRmNG 
...... ,... 
!I,'W.IO pili - "letter'Wrrtlng Meeting." W .. ar .. 
Inviting the student body to come wnt .. letters to Con-
gr .. ss WIth the Democrat CIuD The ISSU .. regards Invol<lng 
the War PO_rs,l\(1 In the ~rsliln Gun .... t North Con~· 
"", .. Room. 

::::=-__ D~ 
..--------------~ 

IIDIC80US I'UNC'I'IONS 
~,... 
SIOO pta - Catholic Mass . Sponsored by the Catt>-
elic Community. location. t.JniIIersity lutheran Church 
Comer 01 N. Torrey Pines and La-Jolla Shores Or. 
...... 
7100 ..... - "SiDle SIU.".· Wtlo needs itT ...." .. xpIoration 
of the Bible trom a Catholic perspectiI.'O!. Come with)lOUr 
questionsl Sponsorffi by the Catholic Student Coordt· 
nators . .... t University lUtheran Church Catholic lOUnge. 
Comer 01 N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores DriI.'O!. 
7 ........... - BE At.I. YOU CAN BEl Join us to 
discO\.'O!r what the Bible has to say abOUt Career & 
Chrtsdanlty. Refreshments follow. Sponsored by United 
Campus Mlnlsay. At Studenl Center Bldg. "B". S. Con~ 
renee Room. 
7'- .... - How much Catholla; love their neighborsl 
Come to the Tuesday NigtW: Discussion on Nov. 17th at 
7:30 pm In the Catholic lounge at the t..Wversity lUtheran 
Church and shar .. and explor .. how)IOUr Catholic Faith 
has been suengthened and challenge through your 
inter action with a variety 01 Cellege students. 
!10M .... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO . .... t t..Wversity lUtheran Church. 
Corner 01 North Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores DriI.'O!. 
.. .... ..,. 
.... .... - Student Supper ser..'O!d by the lUtheran 
Community at UCSO Donation of SI .50 or 12. E~ IS 
welcomed. Location. Uni\Iersity lUtheran ChUrch. 
'100 .... -Bible Study: ",4.pocalyptis and Daniel. " Ied by 
Pastor John Hubrr . .... t lJnr,oerslty lUtheran Church. 9595 
La Jolla Shores Drive. across the street trom Revelle 
COllege. 
........ - Why and How Do ChnStlarlS Pray and 
Worshlp7" led by campus Past .. r John Hubrr. M 
l)nio,.'O!rsity lUlheran Churdl. 9595 La Jolla Shores DrIVe • 

--~ 
- -

- -

mak .. )IOU stand out trom the crowd. ,4.[ Career Services 
Center. . 

I " .......... -DROp·INM)VlSINGHOUl!S: Forheip 
. finding desirable part-tilllf! employment. determining ~ 
. reer goals. job hunting. resume preparation. etc. Nc 
appointment necesary. just walk·in . .... t Career Servic", 
Center. 
.. ....., 
" ... 100 .... - DROp·IN Jl.DVISING HOURS: For hetp 
with career goals. job hunting. resulllf! preparation. etc. 
No appointment necessary. just walk·in . .... t Career Services 
rfflter 

... , ... ., 

.... pta - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored by lhe Catholic 
Student Coordinators at UCSO . .... quiet. meditative time • 
lor sharing with others. At University lutheran Church 
corner of N. Torrey PInes and La .IoIla Shores Drive. 
1IIunUJ 
.... pta - The Thuooay Dinner. At.I. YOU CAN e,o, n 
Homemade food and great c~. Sponsorffi by the 
Catholic Student Coordinators. location. University 
lUtheran Church. Catholic lounge. Corner 01 N. Torr"), 
PInes and La .Jolla Shores Dr. 
'1M pta - SiDle Stu.".· Episcopal College Students ..... t 
St. ElizaOettl's Church 2B25 Merton A\IetlUe. For more 
information caJI Fr. Bill Mahedy at 565-6661. ,....., 
....., .... _ - Episcopal Church Worship Servic .. : · 
Sunday Eucharist and Parish ~lIowship. ....t Good 
Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgat .. Mall • across Genesee 
from .. ast end 01 campus. north 01 La Jolla VIllage Dr. 
.... _ - Catholic Mass . Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. At UniIIrrsity lutheran Church 
comer of N. Torr"), PInes and La .Jolla Shores DriI.'O! . 
.... _ - College age class for stu.". and fellowship 
hek:I weekly within easy access to campus. Sponsorffi by 
United Campus Ministry · UCSO. at Torrey Pines Christian 
Church. 8320 La Jolla Se""ic DriVe. North. Information 
453-3550. 
' .... _-ServiceolHoIyCommunicnledbylutheran 
Campus Pastor JoIY1 Huber. all ar .. welcome. At LJrWersity 
Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. across trom 
ReYeIIe College. 
".,. _ - .. ,4.poctyph and Pseudepigrapha" is the 
BIble stu.". topic to which an are lrMtffi. Sponsorffi by the 
lutheran C~ Ministry at UCSO ..... t Univeristy lutheran 
Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores DriVe across trom Rtvefle 
COllege. 
.... pta - Catholic Mass. Sponsorffi by the CatholIC 
Community at UCSO . ... t UrWerslty Lutheran ChUrch 
Corner 01 N. Torr")' Pines and La Jolla Shores DriI.'O!. 
.... pta - Catholic Mass. Sponsorffi t¥ the Catholic 
CommunIty at UCSO . .... t Univet'sity lutheran Church 
Comer of N. Torr"), PInes and La Jolla Shores CJm.or. 



16 Mondol/. Nowmbe, 16, 1987 

Women's volleyball wins Regionals 
Beat Menlo College and CS U 
San Bernardino in straight sets 

By JONATHANSCHRETER 
and BRIAN ITOW 

T he Triton spikers , looking to 
become the first team to win back· 
to-back Division III volley ba ll 
championships , took their fi rst step 
on that road by defeating Menlo 
College and Ca lifornia Sta te Uni· 
ve rsity , San Bernardino. In win· 
ning the two weekend matches at 
the UCSD gym, the Tritons won 
the Western Regional Title and 
advanced to the tournament semi· 
finals. 

Friday night , UCSD began its 
quest fo r consecutive titles by 
defea ting Menlo College in three 
stra ight sets , 15· 11 , 15· 12, 15·3. 
A t the outset , it a ppeared that the 
match would be a nip·and.tuck 
a ffa ir. In fact, Menlo led the first 
game 11·8 a nd a ppea red to be tak· 
ing control before UCSD gained 
momentum, scoring seven straight 
points to win. 

After an eight.point run in the 
second game, UCSD seemed ready 
to take a commanding two game 
lead, 14·8. However, Menlo would 
not give in so easily, fighting off 
seven game points a nd closing to 
within two points before fina lly 
relenquishing the final point a nd the 
game, 15·12. 

Menlo's inabi lity to cap its 
comeback seemed to break its back 
as UCSD was a ble to roll to an easy 
victory in the fi na l game of the 
match. 

In defeati ng Menlo , UCSD d is· 
played the consistency a nd depth 
that ha ve made it the number one 
team in the nation. Sta r pla yers 
Janet Hughes and Ellen Chi sat out 
much of the firs t and second games, 
yet the T ritons were still able to 
outplay their opponent. 

Coach Doug Da nnevik stated , 
"We have a be tter tea m, we play a 
more steady game and we have a 
greater number of athletes. T his 
allows us to give a nd ta ke with the 
ma tch. At some poin t we know a 
team's goin g to brea k against us 
becau:.e we're going to play at a 
very co nsistent level and other 

Tennis 
tourney 

A fter the success of their la st 
open tournament , the UCSD men's 
varsity tennis team has decided to 
host a nother open tennis tourna · 
ment thi s weekend on the Muir 
Courts . 

T he open me n's singles a nd 
doubles tourna ment will take place 
on Nov. 20·21 . 80th students and 
the general public may enter. T here 
is an entry fee . 

Interested players should can· 
tact Jon Hammermeister at the 
Canyollview Athletic Department 
or call 534-4211 . Deadline to sign 
up (sign. up sheet is in Canyonview) 
is Tuesday , Nov. 16 at 4 :00 pm. 

Prizes for winners will be donated 
by the Racket Stringing Work· 
shop. ~ 

team s are going to be inconsistent. 
That's exactly wha t ha ppened 
here: Menlo just wilted under our 
pressure. " 

After watching his team get 
dominated by the T ritons, Menlo 
coach Malcolm T aylor felt UCSD 
had a good chance of repeatin!! as 
champions and said, "UCSD played 
a very strong game tonight. They 
showed they have a very strong 
team. If anything goes wrong , they 
score points . San Diego is a good 
team all around. They 're not un· 
beatable but they' re good at every 
position and they have mental 
strength as well as physical 
strength." 

In Saturday's game, the Tritons 
again showed that they are the 
team to beat as they walked over 
eighth.ranked Cal State San Ber· 
nardino in three straight games. 

The victory sends the women 
into the semifinals , where they will 

Player profile: 
Interview with 
Carol Lipson on 
page 18. 

face no . 4 Illinois· Benedic tine 
(42-2). 

San Bernardino found them-
selves in the quarter.finals after a 
five·game upset over fifth· ranked 
Colorado College Friday evening. 

But Sa turday was no contest. 
UCSD jumped out to a 5·0 lead in 
the first game a nd kept the lead for 
the length of the set , fini shing with a 
15.7 win . 

The T ritons began the second 
set just like the first, taking the first 
five p~ints . But San Bernardino 
dug in . their heels a nd managed to 
catc h the Tritons at six apiece . 

A kill by UCSD's AII.American 
middle blocker Janet Hughes (who 
led both teams with a total of 14 
kills during the evening) , put the 
Tri tons a head 7·6. But Cal Sta te 
San Bernardino ran off four straight 

See VOLLEYBALL, page 17 

• II/.J' 

4 

Michaet Foutlu/Guo,dion 
Outside hitter Janet Hughes (#14) had 14 kills Saturday night. 

X-country regionals 
McFayden, Jensen, Zois to 
represent UCSD at nationals 
On Saturday, the men'li and 

women's cross country teamli tra· 
veiled to Chrystal Springs Cross 
Country Coufl;e for the Division III 
western regional championships. 

The top finishing teams in each 
division as well as the top five indi-
viduals not on the winning teams 
qualify for the national tournament 
next weekend. 

The Triton men finished second 
in a difficult field with 64 points, 
behind the College of Notre Dame, 
who finished with 47. The only 
qualifier for UCSD was Tom Zois 
who finished the five mile courlie in 
fifth place, with a time of 26:57.8. 
Tim Vallez and Merrel Hora fin· 
ished tenth and fifteenth respec· 
ti ve ly in he lpin ~ UCSD obta in 

second place. Other colleges at-
tending the meet were Whitman 
(81) , Claremont - Mudd (94), 
Pomona· Pitzer (119) and Occid· 
ental (119). 

In the women's division, Denise 
McFayden continued to run well, 
finishing in second place and quali· 
fying for nationals with a time of 
18:04 .1 over the 5000 meter 
course. Sabrina Jensen also earned 
a position at nationals, finishing 
fifth with a time of 18:44.9. As a 
team , the women finished fourth 
with 86 points, behind Occidental 
(71 ), College of Notre Dame (64), 
and regional champions Claremont-
Mudd College (48). Whitman Col· 
lege ( 113) and Williametle (17 1 ) 
were also in a ttendance. ~ 

Mondol/. Ncwem~; 16, 1987 17 
SPORTS 

Volleyball headed to semi-finals 
Continued from pale 16 
points to take a 10· 7 lead. The 
Coyotes led 11-9 after a kill by 
Lilla McDonald. 

That didn't get the Tritons down. 
In fact, being behind made them 
play even harder. "We knew San 
Bernardino wal a second game 
team," said head coach Doug 
Dannevik. "But their confidence 
was too high after their wins this 
weekend . They were playing over 
their heads." 

Slowly, after a timeout and a 
number of sideouts, UCSD made 
their comeback. Hughell and out· 
side hitter Lori Luhnow combined 
to give the Tritons the next six 

points and the game, 15·11. 
Physically and mentally ex· 

hausted, Cal State San Bernardino 
could only watch a. the Triton. 
rolled to a 14·4 lead in the third 
game. But they weren't about to 
give up yet. 

Their season one point away 
from conclusion, the Coyotes sent 
outside hitter Dianna Richardson 
to serve. Three killli and a couple of 
erron on the part of the Tritons , 
and Cal State San Bernardino was 
right back in the game, 14·10. 

It wasn' t enough. The Coyotes 
managed to score one more point 
before UCSD's Diana Klintworth 
gave the Tritons the game and the 

Michaet Fouttca/Guordion 

Setter Carol Lipson sets one of her 35 assists to Janet Hughes 
(1#14). 

IAVB 'SOWlIII OUR 
SCHOOL ~R SPECIAL 

Regularly SI" 

NOW 
'149 

building'''' 
body you've always 
wanted. 
Our advanced 
equlp~, ~lIper1 
Instructors. great 
location, special 
student rat~ and 
convenient JNIYIII~m 
plan can get you 
staned today. 

COLDS 
CYM . 

4615 Mission !lay ur. 
SanD/ego 

(betl.nd Burger King) 
UJ-J400 

1\ "coru~ of Gold's Gym 
(ntrrpr.~ 

UCID I.D. ..... 1rM 
......... "/10/.7 

match with a croas-court kiD. 
So the T ritOOIl continue their 

drive to become the firat team to 
repeat as national champions. A 
far-fetched dream? Not by a long 
shot, according to Dannevik. "We 
are playing very well and as we get 
closer to the championship, the 

"We are playing 
very well and as we 
get closer to the 
championship, the 
experience of our 
seniors [pictured: 
Carol Lipson, left, 
and Lori Luhnow] 
will help tremend-
ously." 

-Doug Dannevik 

StudentTravel Network would 
like to ir.lliteyau to celebrate the New 
Year Landon . style; partying down 
the Thomes Riller in a gloss boot with 
other student traveler~ . There' ll be 
music, plenty of dancing and some· 
one to guide you through the sights 
you 'll be seeing asyou soil along Lon · 
don 'scelebrated woterway.Abulfet 
will be served; wine, beer and soft 
drinks are also free . All you have to 
do is purc hase your round· trip ticket 
to London from STN. Los Angeles 
fore from $559. 
COME JOIN THE FUN - With STN ! 

a1fj STUDfNT TRAVEL NfTWOltK 
LOS ANGelES (2131380'218~ 
W. HOLLYWOOD (213)93~·8722 
SAN DIEGO (6191286'1322 

experience of our leniors will help 
the team tremendously ." 

The senior. were a tremendous 
help Saturday as they combined for 
a total of 36 alli.ts (35 belonging 
10 Triton seller Carol Lipson), 25 
kill" eight service aces and 14 
block,. fii) 

r-------~~~~~-----

Play the B.J.'s/ 
Guardian 

sports trivia quiz 

, ...... , 
I lnjoy the difference •. , 
I. Be ready for the 1 
1 holidays w ith a 1 
• smoother. softer face 1 
I. Start Now! • 
130% Off ::- • 
1 • Fermanent Hair RelllOWal 1 
'. Professional treatment with I 
1 understanding and care 1 
1 d3 alllO ~1It"~ 1 
• Studio or • 
• Elt'ctrolog" 1 
• 450-5050 1 1 3251 Holiday Ct. Sle. 203A • 

LA JOLLA. ABOVE ST. GERMAlN'S 

'- ...... ." 

La Jolla Office Supply 

SCHOOL SUPPLIES 
Typewriter ribbons • Paper • Writing suplies 

FOR THE~ OFFICE 
Furniture • Files • Organizers 

10% OFF FOR UCSD STUDENTS & STAFF 

7441 Girard Ave. 
(Down from the Pann ikin) 454 ... 7147 

SOME AMERICAN GRADS 
ARE GOING TO GET 

FURTHER THAN OTHERS. 

AMI. SoItwwe III. a." 1/"" fht m,. MIt'te" r-g, 
~, fest-pocH ..., iIwoIntI it '" ct.,,'.,. r1 ~ ....... 
", .... irt • .,IIC' ~ .. ..., '" -*I. H ,w'" .. ..,. it 
..,., .... ~ .,.. ,. ... it • aHIiw _tr '. .. it !!!F 
.. 1SIttI it ,.. U. '" .,.., .... pods .... ttIrwIy ,.,., 
-..J "., ,.. fW """ ,"'re • ~ 1Iwt. 
,... .w. ... r ,., c... 0". w, A MnD" IIwnIiI U.S.A., AIr. 
'... ,., -,. : ~ ABE SOFTWARE, LTD. (BOO) 325-"59 

r ' 



- . 

18 Monday, November 16, 1987 

SPORTS 

PlaY&L Rrofile 

Tritons' senior setter 
By CARIN RESNICK 
Guardian Intern 

Being named to an All-American 
team as a collegiate athelete is a 
tremendous honor. Imagine being 
awarded this honor twice during a 
four-year college career. 

playing volleyball in college. It 
wasn't until she met UCSD women's 
volleyball coach, Doug Dannevik 
at a volleyball camp that compet-
ing at the college level became a 

assured us of having a solid per-
former for the next four years," 
Dannevik said. In her first year as a 
Triton, Carol was both a setter and 
a hitler . The second two years, she 

UCSD women 's volleyball 
player, Carol Lipson, is about to do 
just thaI. Having been named AII-
American last year as a hitter, she 
is about to become the first player 
ever to make All-American in two 
different positions, this year as a 
setter. 

"Getting Carol as a freshman assured us of 
having a solid performer for the next four years." 

-Doug Dannevik 

Surprisingly , as a sophomore in 
high school Carol hadn't considered 

prospect. This contact was defi-
nitely a deciding factor when the 
time came to choose a college. 
Carol chose UCSD strictly for its 
volleyball program. 

was strictly a hitter . This year, Lip-
son was called upon to become the 
starting setler. This new role was a 
challenge to Carol, because selting 
is a completely different aspect of Michael Foulkt/Guardion 

All-American setter Carol Lipson 
"Getting Carol as a freshman See LIPSON, page 19 

Weekly Sports Calendar 
Date Team Location Tae 

11/20 Men's basketbaU VI. La Verne UCSD 7:30pm 
11/20. Women's volleybaU NCAA TBA TBA 
21 champiolllhips 

M. and W. swimming NCAA Morriatown, all day 
Division III dual meet New .Jersey 

11/20· Women's basketball RedIanda TBA 
23 Redlands tournament 

A.S LECTURE NOTES 
SERVICE IS NOW HIRING! 

The A.S. Lecture Note Service is now hiring note' 
takers for Winter Quarter 1988. We have roughly 40 
positions available paying $6.83 per hour. We're 
looking for motivated students to take notes in classes 
they've already completed with an A or a B. The 
following courses are under consideration: 

Anthro 22 
AMES 10 

Bio 1, 2, 3, 12 
16, 101, 106, 
107,131,155 

Chern 4, SA, 6A, 6B, 
6C, 140A, 140B, 141B 

Cornrn Cui 100, 
Gen 100 

CSE 60, 62A 

Econ lA, 1B, 1C, 2A, 
2B, 100A, 100B, 110A, 
110B, 120A, 120B, 
170A, 170B, 172A, 
172B, 178, 179 
Math lA, 1B, 1C 
Phil 1, 10, 27 
Poli Sci 10, 11,27 
Psych 3, 181 
Soc 1B 

Anyone interested in applying for a Winter 88 
notetaker position should pick up an application and 
information at the AS Lecture Notes Service Office, 
534,6238, M,F 9A:30. 

Oat. T_ Loca .... n.. 

11/21 M. and W. CIUM cauntry TBA TBA 
NCAA c:Iuunpic ..... 

M. and W. ~yt. CSU 
Long Beach .... Tech Lon, 8eIIda 11 ... 

M. and W. twd ..... - UCSD Ith ... 
UCSD relay. 

~~ ... Joll. VIII ... Sq •• r. 
.. -., ~. Dent.1 Group O ... rs You I 
. ~tJ ,.~ . "'& . Cosmetic Bonding • Visa or Mastercard 

.,/ • Evening Appts. • Instant Insurance 
• Stereo Headphones Evaluation 
• Nitrous OXide • Student Discounts 

• 24 Hour E",er,ency servtce 
• • Or .. Surgery for wisdom teeth eJdr.-ctton 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY SZ9 :,-. 
Inc~: C~aning & PollS/'ling. X-RiI)'l. Oral Caneri' Exam and Privat~ Consult.1tion. ElCpir~ 1~/9/87 
Offered to: students. Faculty and Staff of UCSD 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

II 
II 

Thomas K. Duncan DD.S • Bradley A Ross, DD.S 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., SUite 501 
(behind Kinko'sj 455-9151 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 

~ NJ U~'[)OIIl1ldJm tlIJOIi. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~ Quarter Pounder ®with Cheese, Large Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink CQI/I value: 1/20 of 1 cenl II 

II II Limit one coupon per II customer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when 

'Just $1 99 :1 
II ordering. Not valid with I any other offer. 

Goodll1ru 
Oecembel 16, 1981 

(plul tax) II 
Only at: II 

71'0 Mlram~aRd' 
San Diego 

~ iii_iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

Carol Lipson 
Continued from page ] 8 
the game. A seiter is to volleyball 
what a quarterback is 10 football. 
They 'decide upon strategies, call 
plays, and assume a leadership role 
on the court. 

Carol has ma»tered Ihis role 
well. Her teammates admire and 
respect her as a player and a per-
son. "She really knows how 10 get 

us going and 10 keep us up when 
we're on tM court," '!lam Jennifer 
Pettigrew and Diana Klintworth . 
As much as Carol is a standout on 
the Triton team, she is also a team 
player. "The comradery on our 
team is incredible. We're all rooting 
for each other and in the end you 
know everyone is behind you. It 
really makes it worth the effort." 

Collegiate athletics demand» a 

lot of time and dedication. Carol 
balances volleyball , school , and 
the rest of her life wilh success. 
Even with all the time she spends 
playing volleyball , she is graduat-
ing on time with a history major. 

The reward for the time Carol 
and her leammates have spent 
practicing and training is being the 
number one ranked team in Div-
ision III . With a record of 29-3, the 
Tritons are the team to beat in the 
Western Regional Championships 
Nov. 12·14, being held at UCSD. 
Carol's play in the upcoming mat-

ches figures to be a large factor in 
the outcome. "II Carol misfires, 
misjudges, doesn't come to the 
matches prepared. our chances of 
winning are minimized," Dannevik 
said . Carol has a lot 0/ press~re on 
her , but as a senior member 0/ Ihe 
team, her experience in cham-
pionship play will be invaluable to 
both herself and the team. 

After graduation, Carol plans 10 
stay involved in her sporl, either by 
coaching high school volleyball or 
playing in open leagues such as 
USVBA. Having played volleyball 

Monday, November 16. 1987 19 

SPORTS 

since she was in lIeventh grade, it 
doesn' t seem likely she will give it 
up. "There 's lots 0/ volleyball in 
California, and there's always the 
beach," she added. 

Carol's graduation would appear 
to leave a hole in the Trilon learn. 
Not so, said Dannevik. "We've 
been grooming Laurie Bertanyi to 
take over as the setter when Carol 
leaves; we will be in very capable 
hands next year. We have a lot of 
depth on our team and we, as a 
program, know what it's like to 
play well this time of year. (g 

:8.J.'s Pizzeria/Guardian Sports Trivia Quiz 
• Only UCSD students, faculty 

and stall may enter. Winners 
will be asked to show their 
UCSD ID cards to claim prizes. 

• In the event 01 a tie or a dis-
pute, the judges will have the 
final decision. /I there is more 
than one correct entry, there 
will be a drawing to determine 
who wins Ihe prize. 
• Winners and prizes will be 

p; inted every Monday. 

• The Guardian stall, em-
ployees of 8.1. 's Pizzeria, and 
their immediate families are 
ineligible. 
• Only one entry per person. 

r III 1111111111111111 

Computers 
for rent 

IBM Compatibles 

call 
Z7S·I004 
.011111111111 110" 

I ' 

• Entries should include name, 
address, telephone number, 
major and hometown. 

• All entries must be in the 
Guardian office by 4 pm Friday, 
lour days alter the issue date 
(entries may be mailed to the 
Guardian, 8.016, La 10110, CA 
92093). 

Questions 
1. What NBA team drafted 

Navy's David Robinson last 
year? 
2. Who is the head coach for 

the New York Knicks? 

DIP 
WORD 

PROCESSING 
• Resumes • Term Papers 

• Theses • Manuscripts 

• Manuals • Etc .. etc. 

• 

PatriCia Allem 
549-7748 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa Ave. Ste. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

The 

PHYSICAL EDUCATION 
Department 

announces its minor program for Winter Quarter: 
3357 PE 160 --------------

EXERCISE PHYSIOLOGY 
M-T· W· TH 9-'):,50, Re,reution G~m ClussTIl()m 

Instru~'lOr : White 
3358 PEI60L---------------

EXERCISE PHYSIOLOGY 
T 6-9:j O PM. Rc(rl'uti()n G~1Il L.4h 

Insrrucwr: White 
3359 PE170---------------

PSYCHOLOGICAL BASIS OF SPORT 
M-W -F H-H:j o, Recrl'ation Gym ClaS51o()Jn 

InSll/le'tClT : l()n~·.1 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need nol be expensive 
Special College 

Student Program 
Call tor your FREE 

quote today! 

560-9055 
Oak Leaf 

Insurance 
Agency 

.. ~ .. o 
I(tlrn~ ' "ilia RDad 

I'llt) 

Mad .... h Softw ..... 
Widest Selection 
Latesl Products 
Low Prices 

Store Hours: M-F 10-7, Sat 10·5 
Word Processing Software 

Laserwriter Service 
Memory Upgrades 
SCSI Hard Drives 

Accessories 
Supplies 

• 

759BFayAvenue 
LaJola, CA 92037 
619459-2302 

__ .aMY IOfTWAIlI 

GET DOWN TO 
BUSINESS WITH THE 
BEST IN TEST PREp. 
Only Kaplan offers free 

refresher math lessons and 
business school admis-
sions information. Call! 

I KAPLAN 
STANUY H.IAIlAlilDUUnoNAl almllll 

4780 Clolremont Meso Blvd 
Son Diego. CA 92117 
(619) 277-6744 

8. Who was the most valuable 
player in the 1987 American 
League Playoffs? 
9. Who holds the record for the 
high jump at 7'11 1/4"? 
I O. II Bo JacklSOn, Marcus Allen 
and Jim Plunkett all started in a 
Raider game, whal first would 
that be? 

Last Week's answers 
1. Terry Donahue or Walt 

Hazzard 
2. Baltimore 
3. 16 
4. Chicago Bull~ 

5. possible answers: Spud 
Webb, Michael Adams, JIm 
Les, Andre Turner 
6. SI. Thomas, CSU San Ber-

nardino, La Verne, UC San 
Diego 
7. Ibrahim HuslIein 
8. True 
9. Tracy Austin 
10. Mark McGwire (A .L.) and 
Benito Santiago (N.L.) 

Last week's winners 
Jonathan Goldstein 
Biochemistry 
Los Altos, California 

Lincoln 
Is GrOOming 
Worlillorses 

To Be 
Thoroughbreds. 
Think of your career as a race. and college as 

the starting gate. 
Where do you go from here? 
If you're good enough, into Lincoln Savings' 

unique management training program. Where 
you'll learn the business from one of the country's 
fastest growing savings and loans. 

Where you'll earn a good salary with excellent 
benefits. 

Where you'll have all the responsibility and 
recognition you can handle_ 

Lincoln needs bright. motivated team players. 
You should have a 4-year degree. retail savvy 
and the Willingness to work harder than finals and 
midterms put together. 

You can keep plodding along in a typical job 
and watch the years race by. Or you can audition 
for our Winner's Circle. 

So don't horse around. Come check out Lincoln 
Savings. ~~ LINCOLN Because life is way , 
too short to run .SAVINGS 
with the crowd. A~oIMllrbnConlNUlCorporalion. 

for details call Edye at ext. 353: 

1-800-874-5450 
An Equal Opportunuy EmplO)'<'r 

I 1t;l87 l..mcoln SiIi'I!1p & Loan MW("ldlion 




