
UNIVERSI1Y OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Taking a peek: 
Open House 1987 
draws a big crowd 

Mime kills time chasing 
unsuspecting guests 
during the UCSD Open 
House yesterday, Among 
the events taking place 
were a Renaissance 
Faire, U'niversity Center 
groundbreaking and live 
entertainment. 

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1987 / VOLUME 58, #51 

Instructors to be 
graded by students 
Iy ERIC OIAZANKIN. Sl4 Writer 

A proposal to establish administration. Weiss said, 
depamnentallElChing committees "Srudents have a disadvanrage, 
on aD UC campuses has been (bUl) the one thing we do have a~ 
submitted by the UC Sndent human ~sources." He believes the 
Association (UCSA) and Sndent departmental teaching committees 
Regent David Hoffman. The is one way of using those human 
committees would give stUdents a ~sources to give students more 
role in evaluating insaucrors. influence over who lEaches them. 

"Instead of waiting ... for 
somene else ro lake charge of the 
reforms, we developed this 
proposal ro motivaIE campuses 
inro action." UCSA Academic 
Affairs Chair Peter Blackshaw said 
in an April 16. 1987 p~ss ~lease. 

As proposed, the department 
teaching committees would 
consist of both SlUdents and 
faculty and would have only an 
advisory role in decisions affecting 
in5auccon. They would be c~atEd 
and funcdon on a department-by-
depanmem basis, with varying 
5UUCture5 and ~sponsibilities. 

The committees would gather 
information from student 
evaluations, interviews and 
possiblv omer sources. and submit 
meir own evWacions ro existing 
depanmenlll ~ committees. 

in a RcenI 'IWMew. ourgoing 
UCSO Vice President-ExtErnal 
Eric Weiss. who has wodced 
dasely with UCSA, was supportive 
of this idea. "The~ cumntly seems 
ro be a lack of emphasis on 
IElChing skiDs," Weiss stalled. 

Weiss sees " ... institutionaliz-
ing study and learning about these 
issues" as an important goal of the 
new proposal; it's a way "ro see that 
something conc~tE comes of the 
SrneJser Report," he continued, 

~ferring to the 1986 RviewofUC 
undergraduaIE education. 

Comparing students ro the UC 

The committees proposal was 
made in an April 15 letter from 
Blackshaw and Hoffman ro UC 
deans, provosts, and academic 
senaIE division chairs. Gting the 
Smelser Report (officially caDed the 
"Task Force on l..oo.Yer Division 
Education Report") as evidence 
that lower division education 
could be helped by improved 
faculty evaluation, the letter 
outlined the proposed structure of 
the committees in broad terms. 

The letter stated that "the only 
essential characlEristics of the 
departmental reaching commit-
tees" ~ the inclusion of both 
students and faculty in their 
makeup, and having as their 
primary function, •... gachering 
information on promotion /tenurt 
candidates' teaching quality," 
leaving the exact structure of the 
committees up to individual 
departments. 

Benefits li_d in the letter by 
Blackshaw and Hoffman include 
providing information to faculty 

~view committees. giving faculty, 
... .. an incentive to teach \Yel," and 
giving stUdents more input into the 
promotion and ten~ process. 
The proposal concludes by asking 
that implementation of the 
committees happen first. •... on a 
localized basis," although it leaves 
open the possibility of future 
systemwide implementation. Ii:J 

HaNard gives 10 guidelines for AIDS preven~on 
By PEna MESSROIIAN. AuoddU News ~ 

As of two days .." theR \Ye~ sweats, skin rashes. dialThea, 
35,068 cases of AcquiRd Immune tiRdness, lack of Rsistance to 
Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS), in infection, or swollen lym~ 
the United StatEs. Of these. 20,241 nodes .... The AIDS virus may 
had died. attack the nerwus system and 

According to spokesman for the cause delay.ed dama&e to the 
San Diew;> AIDS Project. a non- brain." However. it also statEd that 
profit organization that gadlers "the majority of infected antibody 
and disseminates ini>nnation on positive individuals who cany the 
AIDS, approximalEly 100 times the AIDS virus show no disease 
number of people with AIDS a~ sympoms and may not come 
infected with the virus, but have down with the diseale for many 
not contracted its symptoms. years, if ever." 

Those symptoms are, as listed in To help people a\'Oid getting 
the Surgeon Generars Report on AIDS in the first platt, the Harvard 
AIDS which was published in Mtdical School Health Letter of April 
December of 1986, "loss of 1987 published a list of guidelines 
appetite, weight loss. fever. night on the disease caIed "ten Facts 

eNew hours 
Parking pulls 
another one. 

Page .. 

AbcxI AIDS Prevention." 
Fi.... and possibly foremost, 

"The AIDS virus is transmitted by 
blood, semen, and (probably) 
wginal Outdo Physical contact does 
not uansmit the virus unless one of 
these Buids is exchanaed. Thus, 
casual. occupational or nousehold 
contaCt is safe." 

The others m, as listed: 
"2) There is no known ~n to 

fear spRad by insects, by objects 
that an infeclEd person has 
touched, or by coughs and 
sneezes. 

"3) Transmission through 
inaavenous drua use can be 
pRventEd by not sharins. needles 

-Gift 'em 

or by sterilizing needles and 
syringes with clorox solution or 
boiling watEr. 

"4) Intercourse, anll or vaginaL 
is the sexual practice most Iilcdy to 
tranSmit the virus. 

"') Sexual activities that do not 
involve exposing a mucous 
membrane (rectum, vagina. 
mouth) to body fluids are 
p~sumed to be safe. 

"6) Completely monogamous 
relationships between uninfected 
people ~ safe. 

"7) 'Knowing your partner' is not 
as easy as it sounds. Establishing 
whether a partner has been, or is 
likely to have been. exposed to 

• buzz dude. 
"Surf Line" reports the 
waves from 
Huntington to 
Mexico. Page 10 

AIDS is vety difficult. Screening 
testS a~ fallible. 

"8) Use of condoms is strongly 
encoul'I8ed. Laboratory evidence 
indicated that an intact condom 
pRvents the virus &om passing. 
How much safety condoms 
provide during actual use is not 
known. HO\Yever, it seems very 
probable that they wodc wen when 
properly employed. Condoms 
shoukl not be used with oU-based 
lubricants. which dissolve the 
latex. If the condom is not snlJ8ly 
fitted ro the penis. it may be more 
likely to break. 

"9) A single behavior may be 
Sec AIDS, .,. 9 

- Tritons bat 
LaVeme 

Benchc1earing brawl 
highlights action at 
men's doubleheader. 

Page 16 



2 Monday, May 4, 1987 
NEWS 

Radioacd\'e material 
~pilled at Medical Center 

A UCSD Medical Center lab worker 
was exposed to radioactive material and 
nearby offices we~ evacuated after the 
worker spilled two milliliters of 
potassium chloride while transferring 
the material between beakers. 

The fire departments's hazardous 
materials unit was called to the scene 
when it was originally reported that two 
liters of radioactive material had spilled. 
The fire department assisted UCSD 
officias in cleaning up the spill. 

The worker is reported to have 
received minor exposure to radioactivity 
and has undergone after-effects testing. 
Angela Davis to speak 
at VCSD this Saturday 

Angela Davis is scheduled to give the 
keynote add~ss at the Women's 
Resource Center ·Women's Leadership 
Conference," on Saturday, May 9, at 7:00 
pm in Peterson Hall 108, 

Faculty and guest speakers wiD 
present a number of discUSSions and 
Workshops on topiCS such as women in 
the sciences, gender and color, and the 
male reaction to women in leadership, 

Davis will speak on "The Personal 
and the Political: Reproductive Rights in 
the 1980's." 

The conference is free and open to 
the public. B~akfast and lunch are 
included and childcare will be available, 
For more information contact the 
Women's Resource Center at '24-2023, 
MEChA to sponsor 
Cinco de Mayo festivities 

The public is invited to participate in 
the annual Cinco de Mayo celebration 
May 5, lUX) am-3:30 pm, 

The free festivities will take place in 
front of the Main Gym and inc'lude 
Aztec dancing by Danca Azteca, 
mariachis , UCSD's BaUet Folklorico and 
a Grove Gallery art show featuring "Art 
From the Day of the Dead: Authentic 
Mexican food will also be served for 
$2,00 a plate, 

The Cinco de Mayo celebration is 
sponso~d by MEChA, a Chicano 

stUdent organization, and co-sponsored 
by the Associated Students; the Students 
for Affinnative Action Committee; the 
Third World Studies; Joe Watson, 
UCSD's Vice Chancellor for 
Undergraduate Affairs; the Chancellor's 
Office and the University Events Office, 

For more infonnation, contact 
MEChA at 534-4994, 
Chemical mace class otfe~d 
through ucsn Extension 

A chemical mace class will be offered 
Thursday, May 7, &om 5:30 pm-7:30 pm 
at Extension 132. 

The course, taught by It. Janis of the 
San Diego Police Depamnent, will 
enable participants to obtain the license 
needed to legally carry.and use a 
chemical .nt for self-defense, 

The effectiveness, storage, and first-
aid for mace and self-defense tactics will 
be covered in the course, There is a 
$6.00 state enrollment fee , For more 
infonnation, contact Bonnie of UCSD 
Extension at '3'-3429, 

Dalkon Shield judge 
featured in moot court I 

A free symposium caIed ~livi"l. and 
Dying in an Unsafe World: featuring 
Federal District Court Judge Miles Lord, 
who presided over the controVersial 
Dalkon Shield case, will be held at 
Mandeville Center, &om 8:30 am-3:OO 
pm, on May 7, 

The symposium will include a panel 
discussion on corporate and 
governmental responsibilty for mass 
plillic injury, a moot court and group 
discussions involving 200 high school 
students, UCSD faculty, and members of 
the community's legal profession. 

The event is free and open to the 
public , Registration is at 8:30 am in the 
MandeviDe Auditorium lobby, 

From 9:15-10:3' am a panel 
discussion on "Living and Dyi"l in an 
Unsafe World," will be held withJudKc 
Lord as moderator, a medical ~searcner, 
a businessman, a biomedical ethics 
professor and a political science 
professor with a specialty in health care 
policy, 

From 10:4' am-12:00 pm, smaU group 
discussions will be held jointly by lJCSD 
Medical School faculty, UCSD faculty, 
and local attorneys, Symposium 
participants will discuss such topics as 
the limits of genetiC engineering. 
corporate malpractice, nuclear war and 
the legal system, control of hazardous 
and toxic substances, and the safety of 
preSCription drugs and medicine, 

Following lunch, &om 1:00-3:00 pm, a 
moot court will dramatize a product 
liability case, with professional actors 
taking part in the lead roles, illustrating 
issues of the symposium theme. Court 
attorneys will be pomayed by two third-

~ar California Westem Law School 
students, UCSD Medical School faculty, 
a thea~ department £acuity member, 
and UCSD thea~ students wiD play the 
part of wimesses. Jury members wiD be 
selected &om the audience. 

Alleged rape victim 
at UCB sues UDMrsity 

A UC Berkeley student who was 
. aDegedly raped by four focxball players 
last ~ar said that she intends to sue the 

p1a~rs and the University, despite the 
fact that she Signed a student conduct 

, agreement with the students and the 
university shortly after the incident 
occurred, 

The unidentified lS-year old 
freshman claims that she was raped last 
semester at a campus residence han by 
four foothill pIa~rs followin& a patty 
where she drank an undetermined 

~tity of alcohol. 
After consuking with UC Associate 

General Counsel Shely Drake, the 
alleied victim signed an agreement that 

~ired the players in ~n to 
perform community ~, apologize to 
the woman and receive oounseIing. 

Citing lack of evidence, the district 
att~ysofficedeclinedto~ 
dwges against the four footbaI pIa~rs. 

The woman said mat she became 
dissatisfied with the university's efforts 
to handle the case when she learned 
that the four men had not received 
counseling and chat not d orman had 
performed their required community 
service. 

The alleaed victim's aaorney, Peter 
Acuna, sala that he will clwJe the 
university with "providing inadequate 
supcrvison of the dormsw and 
~providing the woman with Inadequate 
in-house counsel" Acuna also stated 
chat the four pIa~rs will be named as 
defendants In the suit. 

Career fair hOlts 
local professionals 

UCSD students wiD have a ra~ 
opportunity to interact with local 

, professionas on campus on Thursday, 
May 14 from 11:00 am-2:00 pm for 
Career Fair '87, sponso~d by the Ca~er 
Services Center and the Alumni 
Association, 

The Career Fair is deSigned to help 
students who are still undecided about a 
career direction, More than 70 career 
specialists rep~senting fields ranging 
from broadcasting to teaching wiD sit at 
tables around the Career Services Center 
to answer students' questions and chat 
about their professions, 
UCLA professor desips 
right-brain 1Oftwa~ 

There a~ computerjrograms for 
airline reserwdons an others for tax 
preparers, but Professor Mumy Milne at 
UClA has come up with software 
speci6ca1y for right-brain thinkers, 

The users MIlne has in mind are 
architects, who, he says, do most of 
their thinking on the right side of their 
brain, where mere are no words and no 
numbel"l, only shapes and £onns, 

Milne, a professor of archirecture and 
urban planning, developed the 
microcontpter program, SOLAR-5, ~r 
an eight-year period, with the help of 
his graduate students and suppon from 
the u,s. Department of EReII)' and the 
UQA Academic Scnaee, 

What SOLAR-5 dots is to calculaee 
the = amount of energy needed £Or 
the and cooIina of any planned 
bulkllnc design, while the IttUCDft is 
but a aeneraI amcept in architect', 
mind, 

The prosram .... Iks .. in both duft-
dimensional ~np and plain EnaIish 
and is so user-1ricndIy that even the 
most compurer iDieerate of archilleCtS can 
jump right In, says Milne, 

Despite Its name, SOLAR-' is not 
intended just £Or dar homes, ~r, 
it wodes best [or passive~ReII)' 
bulkllnp, which are heated and CXJOIed 
largely iblOUgii proper placement and 
design of windows, waIs, skylights, 
roofs, grading and insulation, 

The UClA professor estimates that In 
a Ialle MglasmoX" office building. which 

~ires neati"l or air condidoni"l at 
all times, SOLAR-' can help ap architect 
design me kind of buildi"l that can cut 
energy consumption In half. 

-John Shaw 

BLOOM COUNTY by Berke Breathed 
r---(;(WI--. I-5-~-I'P---' r------......;;~ ,--_____ UIL.IJCSi) t;'ua~w'-________ "" 

&0 7lJ 7H€ ~T C(YI5T 
IrI~Y HI/I1 

$ 12 MIUk»/, 1lJO. 
I 

~/ 

\ 

IA!/.l., r/~Ti1NJ YA.wew, aj:' 
Nil." 11 IIIU{(JI'JIIIRf , 
KIN fOtKS Sll/P. "tJlU , ~ 
IUY ~ nftIfe /> 
MIll, ·CIIl!rt)~t I~ 7Hfi P!Ja 
f(JfI. N!IT5 UK! YOII r 
50 H€ ~t?ef7 lIP /{/~ 1lJN6IIe 
liN? MfJIIC(l A • 

m I ' "" 
n!t.l8Wf/ / 

t" /J 
'~ 
,. 

EdIa-ia-QW 
Niki Newlands 
M'''E6ar 
Angie p, Lapld 

NewlI!dIrIOr 
Marlt Sanderson 

A_ ... New. E6ar 
Pecer Messrobian 
opal" I!dIIor 

Malt Smiley 
Copy EdIIDr 

Scan KenefICk 
FaIIUa EcIiIDr 
Suzanne Ufson 

SpodIEdkor 
Cftadcs Tabesh 

AlIa Edilor 
Eva WO"l 

AIIoc:tMe AlIa Edkor 
Maria HeDman 
Pt.. Edkor 

Dawn Mamikunian 
ANociIIt GmpMca Ec&ar 

Scan Duffy 
.... nr. 0tBce Seal' 

Michael Foulks 
Theresa Jennings 

Mike Manincz 

MOllday, May 4, 1987 3 
NEWS 

Midwives may lower infant mortality rate 
By j ,W, AKERS-SASSAMAN. Capitol Correspondent 

SACRAM ENTO, UC Wire - proViding of proper obstetrical 
Californ ia 's "abysmal" infant care include rapidly increasing 
mortality rates and the inability of obstetrical and gyne cological 
obstetricians to offer inexpensive insurance rates, which have risen 

p~natal care has prompted an over 500 percent in the past 10 
Assemblymember to introduce years. and MediCal 's S900 
legislation to legalize and license reimbursement limit for obstetrical 
what he says is a low cost ca~. These rising COSts and limited 
alternative , According to financial rerurns are driving 
Assemblymember John Vascon- doctors out of the baby business, 
cellos, D-Stockton, the low cost states AB 1510, which quotes a 
alternative is midwives - people recent American Medical 
speciaDy trained ro help expectant Association poll saying one in four 
mothers. obstetricians have quit or a~ 

seriously considering leaving the 
Vasconcellos recently intro- profession. 

duced th~e measu~s, Assembly 
Bills 941,98'and 151O,promoting AB 1'10 calls for the 
midWifery, California's infa!lt "dra~tically inc~~d" . use of 
mortality rate is higher than almost certified nurse midWives to 
all industrializecf nations and overcome part of the problem and 
below many far less affluent ~ seeks to eliminate barriers 
nations states AB 1'10. hindering what it calls "an 

, increasingly important solution to 
One ofthe main ~asons for the the crisis (in obstetrical care1: 

high mortality rate is that the cost Under AB 1'10, certified nurse 
of even minimal standards of 
prenatal obstetrical care "is out of midwives would find it easier to 
the ~ach of many Californians," obtain hospital privileges, liability 

insurance and di~ct reimburse-
AB 1510 states, The monality rate ment from MediCal. The measu~ 
for babies bom wi thout adequate 
prenatal care is five times greater also increases funding for training 
than for rhose ~ceiving even facili ties alld "in general the 
minimal level prenatal ca~ , AB opportunities for train ing and 
1'10 states, certificarion of CNMs." 

According to the Califomia 
Obstetrical Access Pilot Project, 
one out of every 12 mothers in 
California receives inadequate 
medical attention, AS 1'10 states. 
The rates a~ Significantly worse 
for Hispanic and Black mothers. 
Problems hindering the effective 

In addition to helping expectant 
women , the legaliZing and 

li~ensing of midwives will also 
benefit taxpa~rs, AB 1510 states, 
Every S 1 invested in the obstetrical 
pilot project yielded $2.60 in 
saviugs, 

The state spent over $29 million 

in 1984, rhe last year for which 
statistics were available, to provide 
for neonatal intensive care units 
alone, AB 1510 states. Much of this 
money would not have had to been 
spent if the mothers had ~ceived 
adequate prenatal care. 

Vasconcello's second bill , AB 
985, calls for the licensing of lay 

midwives. 
Although these midwives would 

have to meer educational and other 
~qui~mems set by the state 
Department of Consumer Affairs, 
they would not be requi~d to 
obtain a medical degree. 

If AB 985 is approved and 

signed into law. midwifery 
education would ~ceive state 
general fund money, which would 
be ~paid by fees charged to 
women and infants for prenatal 
programs. AB 941 establishes the 
technical procedures the state 
would utilize to license and review 
midwives. 

Midwives would dec,.. .. the state's Infant mortality rates and 88'18 the taxpayers' money, 

NIVERSITY BOOKSTORE" % 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

THE 
TEXTBOOK 
DEPARTMENT 

ON 
MAY 4th 
WE WI LL RETURN 

ALL 
WINTER QUARTER 

COURSE BOOKS 
TO 

THEIR 
PUBLISHERS! 

so DON'T GET CAUGHT 3:-
SHORT! PURCHASE YOUR J1i \,---
SPRING QUARTER BOOKS NOW! ~~ 

-F 7:45A-5:15P/SAT. 10:00A-4:00P/CLOSED SUN: 



.. Monday. May 'I. 1987 

Editorial 
Unacceptable policies 

Once again our beloved Parking and Transit office 
has devised a scheme tc ensure that more students will 
hand over their money. We have yet to hear the 
standard insipid explanation, but rest assured it will be 
attributed to factors 'beyond the control' of parking. 

The parking office has abused the whole pennit idea 
for too long. A glaring example is the surprise fee hike of 
1984-85 when they decided to invalidate all student 
pennits in the middle of the quarter and sell new ones at 
a higher price. 

Today, student permits are deliberately oversold and 
administrative and faculty rnnits are deliberately 
undersold. The purpose 0 this, according to a 
conversation overheard inside the parking and transit 
office between two unnamed officials, is to force a 
percentage of the student body into parking illegally, so 
that they may be cited, further filling the university's 
coffers. 

Hanging tickets is one of the more lucrative sources of 
income for the Parking office, and they never stop 
thinking of ;if,:s to increase the chance that someone 
will park ille y. This year. we have seen vehicles cited 
for the most obscure infractions, including improperly 
applied registration tabs (month and date reversed) and 
missing front license plates. Other interesting games 
include the moving of all student parking to the 
perimeter of the campus so that any student who arrives 
less than thirty minutes before his or her class will be 
forced to park illegally in one of the sparsely populated 
'A' lots, ensuring a citation from one of the seven meter 
maids on duty during the day. Then there was the little 
trick of fixing the parking meters to accept only 
quarters, so that tickets could be hung on people who 
did not have the proper change and, if one did have 
proper change, he or she would be forced to feed the 
meter in 25 cent increments. Late last year, the City of 
San Diego agreed to eliminate an the free parking for the 
length of Torrey Pines Road, forcing people to pay 
through the nose for a chance at parking in UCSD's lots. 

Therefore, it is infuriating, but not surprising, that the 
parking administration has decided to enforce pennit 
parking until 10 pm (on weekdays). There is absolutely 
no reason why 'A' and 'B' spots should be reserved after 5 
pm nor on weekends. Regardless of the excuse given by 
Parking, it's obvious that putting the squeeze on 
extension students and dorm residents will generate 
enonnous numbers of citations and substantially more 
income. There is a more serious problem to be dealt with 
in this proposition, however. Despite the cover-up 
attempts by the Police Department, there has been a 
noticeable increase in campus rapes. These rapists 
usually prey on female students, walking alone, in the 
dark. Central library, for example, will require a good 20-
minute walk from any available student parking as it is 
arranged today. When it is all pushed out to the 
periphery, some areas of the campus will reqUire one to 
cover a much greater distance. Women will become 
immeasureably more vulnerable to attack. Female 
residents who return to their apartment before 10 pm 
will also be forced to walk a fair distance. This is 
completely unacceptable. 

If there was not this drive to fleece the UCSD 
population, parking here would be no problem 
whatsoever. There is plenty of centrally located open 
space where lots or multilevel structures can be built. A 
good 40 percent of the 'A' spaces CDuld be returned to 
the students and the faculty would not know the 
difference. The odds of this happening, however, are 
about the same as G. Gordon Liddy becoming pope. 
Because our administration, as a rule, turns a deaf ear on 
opposing views of propositions that enhance its 
Income, we urge the students to take this issue, and the 
rest of the prefabricated parking problem direcdy to the 
Parking Office, Vice Chancellor Watson, and parking 
reps themselves in the forms of letters, verbal 
complaints, and rhone calls. As was the case with the 
meter scheme, i enough people protest, things can 
change. 

-M.S. 

l HI fAS lHT fAS lHI fAS lUT fHS lfTT fHS lfH fHS If 
Riley bashes bash 
EdiIDr. 

1 am writing to express my 
extreme disapproval with the 
manner in which the 'AS. End of 
the Year 'Bash' is being funded. 
This event has been traditionaRy 
put on by the AS. Council as a sort 
of patty for the end of their terms 
in office. The event itself is reaDy 
no problem. The problem is that it 
is to be funed with income 
generated from the 'Freshman 
Record: a yearbook the AS. puts 
together with a private company 
for the incoming freshman. 

It seems ludicrous to me that this 
money is to be used to fund a patty 
for a few elite individuals when 
there are many other student 
organizations and programs that 
could use the money to benefit a far 
greater pen:entage of UCSO's 
students. 

For example, the S6OO.00 used 
for this event could send two 
UCSO delegates to a conference 
that would benefit anyone of the 
AS. Services, such as the Volunteer 
Connection, or it could be used to 
fund a social event for anyone of 
our student organizations, like the 
Chinese Students Association. 
Heck. it could even pay for aU the 
beer at anyone of the T.G.'s. 

In addition, this year's AS. 
Council has been spending money 
qUite liberaDy to benefit the 
students at UCSD to a point where 
the general unallocated fund is 
running rather low. As a result 
many funding requests from 
student orpnizatidl\s and ,Others 
have been amended to lower 
amounts, and in some cases 
denied, for fiscal reasons. It seems 
blatantly contraditory for the AS. 
Council to spend income money to 
throw a patty for itself when fISCal 
constraints have been influencing 
allocation of the Student Activity 
Fee. 

As the money used for this 'End 
of the Year Bash' is income, and 
not Student Activity Fee (the 
$13.50 per quarter that students 
pay), an allocation from this source 
does not require a bill to be 
submitted to the A.S. Council. If 
such a bill were to go to the AS. 
Council 1 would certainly veto it, 
however, I do not have the chance. 
This 'loophole' in theA.S. Financial 
Bylaws is definitely something that 
I will take care of before 1 leaw: 
office. 

The point 1 am trying to make is 
a very simple one. TheA.S. Council 
should be spending their time and 
money on items that benefit the 
entire student body of UCSD and 
not only parties for themselves. 
There are plenty of far more 
worthwhile events that could use 
the income generated from the 
'Freshman Record.' 

John Riley 
ASUCSD President 

More parking outrage 
Editor. 

I am writing in reponse to the 
new parking policy announced in 
one of the 'shorts' in the April )0 
edition of the Guardian regarding 
the extension of parking permit 
hours. I find thiS proposal not in 
the best Interest of the students 
and I vehemently oppose It. 1 haw: 
been a student at UCSD for four 
years and managed not to haw: 
bought a parking permit yet. This 
is due mainly to economic reasons 
and the difficulty in finding permit 
parking spaces. I haw: relegated 
myself to sean:hing off for olf-
campus parking (harder each year) 

and walking greater distances. I 
have always felt that this was the 
sacrifice 1 would pay for saving 
approXimately $100.00 a year, 
significant to me. Dodging meter 
maids and running late for class 
have become normal daily 
occurrences. Never, though, did I 
think that the uniw:rsity would go 
even further to inconvenience the 
students by not allowing them to 
park without a permit until after 
10:00 pm. I am a female student 
and now I will not only haw: to 
wony about walking far to my 
classes, but also about being raped 
on the way. With the previously 
controversial rape of last quarter I 
wouldn't think the administration 
would want to increase the risk of 
such an event. 

What 1 want are some facts from 
Vice Chancellor Himel. How much 
revenue is proposed to be made 
considering the eXtra personnel 
that will have to be added 
(inc~ding extra CSO's 1 would 
hope!!)? Exacdy how many new 
parking spaces will be added and 
will this fill the need for the 
growing population of the 
university or not? Will parking 
structures be included in this plan? 
Where are visiting family members 
supposed to park on the 
weekends? And mai~, why are the 
students not involw:d in this 
decision? 

As 1 remember, there was a 
student ad hoc committee formed 
after the university took it upon 
itself to increase meier rates, etc. 
Records show that the Parking and 
Transportation Advisory 
Committee has not been imolved 
in this decision. Is this hoW the 
university normally conducts 
business .. . discussing Issues that 
impact a certain sector without 
their knowledge or input? It seems 
to me that the administration is 
doing everything In their power to 
keep those affected from having 
any input. The policy was 

. announced in the Guardian April 
30. 1987. and replies were due May 
I, 1987. One day. is that a fair 
amount of time to allow for a forum 
of responses? I think not! 

Most of all. I think that the vice 

chancelor needs to weigh the 
effects more closely that this 
proposal would have on the 
students, staff and visitors, not just 
how good it looks on a financial 
statement. Do 1 reaDy have to pay 
for my safety on campus? This is 
the bottom line to me. With the 
large amount of students who park 
off campus I find it difficult to 
beliew: that by faD the university 
could provide adequate parking 
for all of them. It is thus unfair that 
the university should impose on 
those students the choice of either 
buying a parking pennit (with 
limited day parking) or risk safety 
at night. What a cOOice! 

LiMA. Grim 
Dippy deadlines 
Edttar: 

I am very disappointed in the 
recent development concerning 
parking pennit requirements on 
campus during non-business 
hours. Not only do 1 disape with 
the policy, but the way it was 
implemerued 

there are many similarities 
betwftn this development and the 
ins .... lion or q..ner only metm 
this 5UI1IJner. 80th decisions, it 
appears, were made without 
student input. 

In addition, the means by which 
the community was notified is vel)' 
discouraging. A memo was 
distributed throughout the UCSD 
community on Wednesday, April 
29, and responses were requiml to 

Scc~ .. , 

"ATTENTION, ALL UNITS, .. ,IlESPONP TO 
POSSIBLe PHI DELT PAIl'N AT BLACK'S 
BeACH ... GO GET 'EM 8O'IS!! ... " 

lfTTmslfHfHS 
CoDdnued &om ...... 
be written by Friday, May 1. Surely, 
two days is not adequate time to 
prepare responses to such an 
important decision. 

While 1 am in favor of 
expanding the revenue base for 
parking. I question whether this is 
the be. method to do so. Such a 
policy has 5erious implications for 
campus .fety, campus program-
ming, and accessiblfity to visitors. 

I ulJe the parking office to 
extend the time alOlll'ed for the 

community to formulate responses 
to this policy. Furthermore, 
because of the impact this policy 
will have on students, staff, and 
faculry alike, open hearings and 
debates should be made available 
to aD concerned. 

DaWI Man:1Udt 
AS. PratcIeN-EIect 

Damaging Byer 
EdtIor: 

During the recent AS. Elections, 
it came to our attention that a 
group calling themselves the 
"Youth on a Pendulum 
Committee," distributed flyers 
against Revelle College Council 
candidate Valarie Wong. As 
ReveBe students who haw: worked 

closely with Valarie Wong, we 
would like to express our disgust 
with this behavior, and clarify the 
misleading information presented. 

The flyer's mention of Valarie 
Wong had only one purpose - to 
damage her reputation and 
possibly cause her to lose the 
election. Since this anonymous 
group was not running for office, 
no violation could be flied against 
them. However, we consider their 
actions to be serious and morally 
reprehensible. The ludicrous 
allegations presented in this flyer 
characterize the AS. Judicial Board 
as "illegitimate and misdirected." 
These accusations have no 
grounding in fact In the past year, 
the AS. Judicial Board has simply 

done its job, which involved 
several controversial decisions. 
This inevitably creates tension 
between the litigants and the AS. 
Judicial Board members. Because 
one does not agree with the 
decision of an adjudicating 
body,one does not alone render 
the body illegitimate. 

This attempt to injure Valarie 
Wong is despicable. Valarie has 
been an actiw: member on both the 
ReveBeJudicial Committee and the 
AS. Judicial Committee. She is a 
great as5et to ReveBe and UCSD 
and in no way deserws to be 
criticized for her involvement. We, 
as Revelle Students, are pleased 
that Valarie Wong has been elected 
to Revelle Collqe Council. and are 

Monday. May 4, 1987 5 
OPINIONS 

confident that she will perfonn her 
duties as competently as she has 
done in the past. 

KIlhySIDith 
IndIeJunior SaII_~ 

Member bYe. JucUcW 80enI 
SleYtw~ Chair acyc. Judidal 

INd EaIhaIt 
Chlir AS. Jadidal bid 

Member Ievde Jadidalloud 
D .... CnJmpcoa 

Member 1Cft. Jadidalloud 
I.a ...... ld 

AS. Vice Pra6dent FIamcW 
EWD Wetn.mdd 

Commtuioner of Udtventty 
ea.r~ 

RcycDe Saator~~~ 

The home of the 
3~¢ hatnburger. 

" U D The UCSDSuDlDlerSession six-week session begins June 11 and tile second five-week session begins August 3. An exciting range of 
OOIll'5eS from virtually every c.am-

UCl)O"a'd~m &!lOIi. 
r __ ",-, .,-:1, ,f \{ \ • 

I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego SUMMER pusdepartmenlisoifered.catalogs are available DOW. for your free u...~ .. ~~~~-_-_!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-_~~!!-_.-..... 
SESSION :~:i!:.::~=': 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter PoundeJ"N with Cheese, Large fry, 

Building.I'IoD. tllrough fri .• 8 a.m.-
4:.10 p.m .. or phone ~.l4-4164 x21. 

Medium-Size Soft Drink 

1 9 8 7 
I LlIllit unl' co up u n p l.' r I custom,·" P'" VISit . Pk·;\SL· 
I prl'Sl'nt lOU pun wh ..... n orJ'·rln~ . Not vailJ wi th any I O!h~, utf~r. 
I 

Good thru 
June 4. 1987 

Extended Wear 
Package Plan! 
The Package Plan provides everything - from your new contact lenses 
to vision examinations and follow-up care. 

$8900 
The package includes: 

• All professional services 
• Complete eye examination 

including glaucoma test and visual fields 
• Lens evaluation and fitting 

Includes Exam 
Extended Wear 

Bausch & Lomb™ 
03/04 Lenses 

Appointment must be made 
before 6/2/87 

• Pair of contactlenscs for myopes (nearsighted) 
• Care kit 
• Full instructions and training 
• Personal Vision Report 
• Two-month care program and money back guarantee 

PROFESSIONAL MasterCard . Visa 1C«p'~d Evenin, and 
SaIlJrClay appoinlmcnlJ IVI.lab!-: . R-=plKC'mc'R( 
Icns price) ~l»rl :al SI7 .00 each. 

Prl\,'~o; It tal =-rc h."f m\c>pC;io only. others mil)' ~.ry. visioncare 
La Jolla Center 
(NearUCSD) 
3251 Holiday Ct. Suite 203 
La Jolla, CA 
(619) 457- 1181 

CENTERS 
t\li~slon Gorge Center 
(Near Stadium and SDSU) 
10405 San Diego Mission Rd. 
Suile 107 
San Diego. CA 
(619) 2&3-9201 

Downtown an Diego Center 
(Near Ci ly College) 
1399 Nimh Avenue, Suite 114 
San Diego, CA 
(619) 235-0607 

Just $1.99 
(plus tax) 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd. 

San Diego ~ ..... 

I\'orth Count) Center 
(In Plaza Rio Valle) 
844 San Marcos BI\J., Suite III 
Sun MaR'O~ . CA 
(619) 744-2611 



6 M.mday. May 4. 1987 
OPINIONS 

'" thinh the Guardilll should 
sacrfice the Imgth of the newspaper for 
mort stricl editing as Jar as no( /eUing 
any old article go in ... articles ha~ 
gotten mOI'l meaning!tss ..... 

"The paptr is pretty good on Itttping 
people up on what's going on around 
campw, but one thing I thinlt. which is 
proNhly a general problem on campus 
just across tht board, is I don 'l Ihinh 
that is enough ptAblldly about the 
crimes of rapt and other crimes of 
assault ~inst women ... .. 

'" thinh Iht~ is I'nOIT drurrld ·in a 
uni~rsity - in the classroom and in 
Ihe dorms - lhan )OIl gel from tht 
Guardian "d /ilrc to Ke mOI'l rqorting 
that would bring tluu druma to lift ... 

-Michael Sc'hudson 
Comnunications Professor 

"~, .u far as national ewnts, 
should ~ mOI'l widentd. lopics sttm to 
be rtpet*d CMr and owr "lain ... with 
Co",ra auJ and South Africa." 

-Elizabeth Walkup, Warren, Senior 
Computer Science -Don Bandel. Muir, Senior 

Psychology 

-Victoria Bearden, Graduate Student 
Visual Arts ' 

r------------· ! only 99(: i The UCSD Department of Literature presents Regents' Lecturers 
1 
1 for a Chicago Style I· 
: Hot Dog & Fries: 

CLAUDE ROYET·JOURNOUD 
and 

1 (one coupon per person) 1 
1 1 

EMMANUEL HOCQUARD 
Distinguished French Poets 

Emmanuel Hocquud " the publi.her 
01 Oranll" uport Ltd. and ha, be.,n in 
charll" 01 the Secb"" Poe." at the 
Musee d' An Moder"" del La Ville de 
Pam. 

POETRY READING 
(given in French with English 
traruLations provided) 
Wednetday, May 6, 4:30 P.M. 
Center lor Music Experiment 
408 Mathews Campus 

COLLOQUIA 
FRENCH POETRY TODAY 
Tue8day, May 5 , 4:00 P .M. 
Michel de Certeau Room 
Third College Humanities Bldg. 142 

AMERICAN TEXTS/ 
FRENCH READERS 
Thurtday, May 7, 4:00 P.M. 
Michel de Certeau Room 
Third College Humanities Bldg. 142 

FREE TO THE PUBLIC 
For further inlonnation call the 
Department of Literature, 534·3214 

Chicago-Style 
Gourmet Dogs 

& Burgers 
• 

Satellite TV 
Cub Games 

Hawk Games 
Bun Games 
and more 
459·5536 

6980 LA JOLLA BLVD. L ___________ _ 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES. 
\\ 'hatl'\,cr college Jl:grcc you earn, till' Na\~' can hdp ~'ou make the mosl or 
it. . h J N(J\~ ' offi<:cr, you'll !t'ad the ad\'L'nturl' . You 'll g<:t ad\'i\l1ccd training 
anJ milnagemcnl eXfll'l'il'nce as you ad\'ance \'our career in : 

Financial Management 
Inventory Control/Purchasing 

PersonneIA~s~tion 
Systems Analysis 

You mUSI havc a HAIBS degree, bl..' no morc than 2g ycars old , pass an 
aptitude tesl and phvsicale;>;aminalion and bt: a U.S. <: itil.en . Your tx:ndils 
package incluJes 30 Ja~'s' annual \'aGllulIl, n1cJi<:al/dl'l1tallio\\ -cost lile 
insurance coverage plus many tax-free incentives. Business, 
computer Science and technical majors preferred. Reserve positions 
also available.If you're interested in taking the lead. personally and 
profeSSionally, caU Navy Management Programs Office at 
1-800-222-6289, Mon.-Fri. 8 AM-4 PM. 

NAVY¥OFFICER. 
. -' . - ...' . . "" . "- --~- ~ ... 

LEAD THE ADVENTURE. 

1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

photos and interviews by Kathleen Donahue 

t--- COLLA GE------t 
Hair & Skin Care 

Fashion Boutique & 
Women'. Comp Styling $16 

(reg. $22) 

Men'. Comp Styling $10 :. · 
1-

(reg. $15) 

Penn Special $35 
Incl. Shampoo, Condition, Cut 

& Styling, Long Hair Extra 

Tanning 
8 Visits $38 

lst visit FREE 
Featuring WoJlf 
Tanning System 

Skin Care 
Waxinga . 20% off 

Facial. " $26 (reg. $35) 
Problem Skin Care 

Treatments 

Boutique 
20% Off Lingerie 

Ca.ua1 Wear, Dr ........ 

6790 Miramar Rd - Ste. 108 
Behind Carl's Jr. Restaurant 530-2800 

CONGRA TULA nONS! 

----------~-CIVIC~----------
ORCHESTRA & CHORUS 

The La Jolla Civic-University Symphony Association 
announced the winners of its 27th Annual Young Artist 
Contest, held April 11-12 at UCSD. First prizes are normally 
awarded jn four caregoriesj Strings, Piano, Woodwind and 
Voice. This year the Vocal First Prize was awarded jointly to 
two singers. The five first-place winners were cellist Ling 
Yan, pianist Hsiang-Lin Chu, c1arinettistJohn Mula, soprano 
Dawn Veree Harrison and tenor Gerald Guy Monacelli. All 
five will appear in concert with the La Jolla Civic-University 
Orchestra, conductor Thomas Nee, at its annual Young 
Artists Concert, to be given June 7, 1987 in the Mandeville 
Auditorium, UCSD. 
The complete list of winners includes violinist Julian 
Hallmark, who won second place in the string division and 
pianist Alan Lee, the second-place winner in the piano 
division. There were three runners-up in the woodwind 
divisionj trumpeter Tamas Ve1enczei won second place, 
flutist Mary Mix won third and flutist Laura Wright received 
honorable mention. In the vocal division, soprano Jie Han 
was awarded second prize, with honorable mentions going to 
soprano Eileen Morris and mezzo-soprano Kacheri ne Strong. 

Duke blasts protectionism, 
encourages open trade 
By J.W, AKERS-SASSAMAN, Ccrf*oI Comspondmt 

SACRAMENTO, UC Wlrt - tonpss this 1ftek is debating 
Sayina It would "drive up prices comprehensive trade leplation 
and kill jobs," Gov. George tha would expand the ddlnldon 
Deukmejlan blasted proeecdoni. of unfair trade practices and force 
trade lqislation cwnndy belna U.S. retaliation against violations 
consldemi by Conpss. or trade asreemmu. Current law 

California has as III "enonnous 
stake in a free and open tradlna 
system." Deukrnejlan said in a 
press conference April la. Two 
way trade passing throulh 
California's ports provides Sl00 
billon in trade buSiness and one 
out of every 10 jobs In California 
depends on trade. 

ddepltS the decision of how and 
when ro retaliatE .Inst unfair 
trade ro the president MAs the 
IelJslative process ps forwaJd in 
Washington, I will continue to 
speak out on ~haIf of CalIfornia's 
WOrRrs, consumers, farmers and 
businesses, aD have bendked 
tremendously from a fnoe Illd open 
tradina system," Deukmejian said. 

UCSD Department of Theatre presents 
AMERICAN PREMIERE 

of 
ATIS THEATRE of Greece 

in Euripides' classic tragedy 

ttBACCHAE" 

Deukrnejlan had perticularly 
harsh words for the Gephart 
IJnendment (named after Rep. 
Richard Gephart, D-Mo), which he 

"Our solution to 
reducing the trade 
deficit should not be 
to reduce trade, but 
to expand exports." 
-Gov. Deukmejian 

STUDINI/YOUT" 
TRAVEL 

EXPERTS! 
ADVINlURI,., 
flY ON SCHEDULED AIRLINES 

IUDOIT IOU .. n 
RAIL PASSES & HOSTEL CARDS 

ova 100 OffICII 
& INn STUDENT 1.0. CARDS 

Bi1ft STUN"" 'UVfI ""_I( 
C.-us ", (6"J 2.6- '322 

..... 1" Coioft II.· San ~ '2' IS 

.... . (a) hypnotic pi«e of theatre, bold and imaginati~ . .. " 
The Age,Austrcdia 

MAY8&90NLY 
8PM 

Warren Theatre 
$6 (student)/$15 (other) 
Call 534-4574 

(Visa/Mastercard accepted) 
(Du.-nl IllIO/lOIII Uk no! ~able for ,/Ill spa:ial "",ug_.J 

uid would -Im.,-Ir the J)ftsident's 
ability to resolve trade prob&ems by 
Imposing, In some cases, 
mandarory quotas and tarriffs.· 
"Such a policy would drtYe up 
prices and be anti-comumer," 
Oeukmejlan said. "It's inOationary, 
It could cost us MlrRU and jobs If 
our tradina penners were to 
respond In kind: 

The governor, who sent a letter 
to Conpss Tuesday crtticizlna 
protectionist trade measures, 
instEad supports legislation that 
Mlncreases exports, enhances the 
mmpetitiveness of our IndU!ttles, 
resisu protectionism and gives the 
president the nepladnaauthority 
Illd flexibility mat he needs to 
resolve trade disputes." "Our 
solution to reduclna the trade 
deficit should not be to reduce 
aacle; but to expand exports: he 
said. 

Nonetheless, the United States' 
trading penners must also pilCh in 

MondiJy. May 4. 1987 7 
NEWS 

Illd help solve the orobIem, he 
said. "There h.ft been some 
positive sipls and 5CepI (from 
U.S. tradina penners), hue not 
enouah: Deukmejian said. Mlf 
those of us who do support free 
ttade and oppose JJR*cdon1Im 
are to prevail, Oft need swifter 
action from our trading penner 
nations." 

Deulanejlan. who has tmded 
to.J..,.n Illd Europe in the pal six 
months ro discuss trade Wues, 
Mid is he not the only leader ro fear 
the ftCIIdve effects of a trade war. 
Aller mectina with PrIme MlnlJfler 
Yasuhlro NIlcusone of Japn and 
PrIme Minister Marpret Thalcher 
of Great BrItain, Deulclnqlan Mid 
foreign leaders "1ft eXU'el'leIy 
concerned that COIIFsa wiI eaact 

Ie~slation which could D'iF a 
trade war." "I responded by tEDing 
(foreign leaders) that they I1'Wst 
help us defuse protectionist . 
sentiment In Congress," he said. 

---------------------------

COUPON (~ CONDOMS ~ 
I CONTRACEPTIVE I • \~l CREAMS at JELUES \ .. ~l 

10-40% Below Retail • Oar R ..... r Price 
Se.d .... for • pr ...... Iar .. t .... of ,,_r c:IIoic. 

_4'or $5 •• for a variety pad& of 12 co ..... 
o Condom Variety 0 Orthocreme 
o Koromex Cream 0 Gynol n Jelly 
o Ortho9lnol 0 Koromex Crystal Clear 
o Koromex Jelly 0 Mail Order Form Only 

Please check your preference and return this coupon with your 
name. address, check or money order to: 

ZPG SEATTLE DEPT. MG 
"_BaruN. 

SEATfLE, WA 98113 
One order per customer 

A non-profit project 0/ Zero Populotion Growth Seattle Chapter 

----------------------



8 M() II ,h~\ , MtJy " , 1987 

* * 

You're invited to a 
___ ---:Grand Opening celebration! 

Clowns 
& 

Jugglers 

FREE 
Balloons 

For 
It's the Everyone 

Grand Opening 
of the 

La loIla Colony Plaza 
shopping center 

7770 Regents Road 
Saturday, May 9, 1987 
10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 

• Enjoy the antics of clowns and jugglers. Clap y~ur hands to the Dixieland jazz sounds of the 
"South Market Street Band." Enter the drawing to win exciting prizes! 

• Bring your family. , , bring your friends , .. to a day of entertainment and fun! It 's all happening 
on Mother's Day weekend on Saturday, May 9th at the La Jolla Colony Plaza. And best of all, it's 
free! 

• La Jolla Colony Plaza merchants will be donating the following prizes. Just enter the drawing to 
win! 

VON'S CANNED HAM 
PAPER EXPRESS (1) - FIFTY (550.00) DOliAR GIFT CERTIFICATE 
MAlL BOXES ETC. USA 3 MO. BOX RENTAL, 3 MO. TELEPHONE MESSAGE SERVICE, AND 75 FREE 

ELEGANT FLORIST 
DANIEL'S DESIGN JEWELERS 
COLONY CLEANERS 
DISCOUNT PET MART 
POLAR'S yoc,URT 
MRS. FIELD'S COOKIES 

SUPER BAGEL 
CHIROPRACTOR, DR. KEITH JEFFERS 
OPTOMETRIST, DR. DANIEL]. 
ROSENBAUM 

RAPID RABBIT ONE HOUR PHOTO 
WHITNEYS FUll SERVICE SALON 
VIDEO BIZ VIDEO RENTAL 
DENT5T, DR. DENNG]ACOBS 
TAN LINES TAN SALON 
PAPACHINO'S RlSTORANTE PIZZA 
SAN DIEGO TRUST & SAVINGS 

COPIES (ANY COLOR OR SIZE) 
6 FOOT FICUS TREE 
14 KT. GOLD EARINGS 
(2) - 525.00 GIFT CERTIFICATES 
10 GALLON AQUARIUM SET-UP 
GIFT CERllFICA TE 
MRS. FIELD'S TEDDY BEAR, TOTE BAG, BACK PACK AND (3) FIVE DOLlJ\R 
($5.00) GIFT CERTIFICATES 
(5) - DOZEN BAGELS 
WEEK-END ON CATALINA ISLAND 

CONTACT LENS PACKAGE (EXAM, FITTING, LENSES) SOFfMATE B DAILY WEAR 
LENSES 
FREE PORTRAIT 
DAY OF BEAmY (HAIRSlYLE, FACIAL, MANICURE, AND PEDICURE) 
ONE COMPLIMENTARY MOVIE RENTAL PER WEEK FOR ONE YEAR 
FREE TOOTH CLEANING AND EXAMINATION 
FREE SIX MONTH TANNING 
FREE PIZZA 
6 MONTH FREE CHECKING AMOUNT 

New 
money 
for state 
highways 

MOl1diJy, May 4, 1987 9 
NEWS 

authorities with better information traffic flow with changeable AIDS said students who inquired about 
on highway conditions: he said, message signs, freeway ramp testing "would be referred to the 

According to documents meters, highway advisory radios County Heakh Depanment, where 
presented with Deukmejian's and computerized traffic signals, all the testing is done 
speech, one example of "the the documents state. Continued &om pa .. 1 anonymously." She added that the 
exciting and challenging potential regarded as "low, b\a not zero, "biggest misconception [about 
of traffic management" is a traffic "Traffic management technol- risk" If such a behavior is AIDSI is that 'itcan't happen to me: 
operation center where traffic ogy will lead to 'sman' freeways frequently repeated, the probably because it hasn't hit the 
engineers and California Highway and streets, with communication cumulative risk of transmitting the general population real hard. Most 
Patrol officers will use closed tools meshed with local street virus increases. aD of us are at risk, though: 
circuit television and roadway systems to permit an entire region "10) Much remains to be learned For further information, Student 
embedded detectors to monitor to operate as a transponation about AIDS prevention. Health Services can be contacted at 
whole regions. Traffic Information corridor rather than as a coDection While there is no AIDS testing 534-3300, and the San Diego Aids 
collec1led In the centers will be used of discrete, uncoordinated routes," available at UCSD, Christine Prc:;ect phone number is 543-
to Inform motorists and improve the documents state. Oakley of Student Health Services 0300. 1m 
~J.W.~~~ r:;~==~~~~~==~=;~~;;~~~~~~~====================~ Gov. George Deukmejlan 
SIlurday unveiled a proposal to sel 
,U.2 billion in bondS 10 llnance the 
oonstrucdon of IWe highways and 
local ~etS and the implementa-
tion of a technofogically 
sophisticated "sman" freeway 
sysrem. 

Californians ·spend 300,000 
hours stuck in traffic jams 
everyday," Deukmejian said . 
"That's a terrible waste of time, 
productivity and energy. And 
£,esides, it's not a vety nice way to 
stan or end the day. 

"Yet, because our population 
continues 10 grow, congestion In 
California will only .JjCt worse -
unless 1ft substantiaDy expand our The official groundbreaking ceremony for the $18 million University Student Center took place yesterday. ~tion eflOm &om now ~--------------~------~------~----------------~~~~~~~~~~~~~----~ 
uml the end of this c~" he 
said. , ha~ designed a to 
improve our mobility an keep 
California rolling forward Into the 
21st century," Deukmejian said. 

The program's WJaIs are 10 ·build 
more roads and highways more 
quickly," he said, "and to better 
manage traffic on the roads we 
Ilready ha~, so you can get where 
you're ~ing with fewer delays: 

In the first step of his proposed 
program, Deukmejian said he will 
soon ask that the state legislature 
vote to place a general obligation 
bond issue before the voters in 
1988 and 1990. The bonds would 
total 52.3 billion. The money will 
supplement the S5.2 billion the 
state currently has available for 
transponation projects over the 
next fi~ years, Deukmejlan said. 

The additional S2.3 billion will 
allow the construction of al of the 
projects in California's five-year 
State Transponation Improvement 
Program. Details of exactly what 
highways would be expanded were 
not available yesterday. 

In addition, 25 percent of the 
bond money - S575 miDion -
wou1d be awilable on a matching 
basis to \ocal communities. By 
providing half the cost of a desired 
project. communities could ask the 
state to pick up the remainder of 
the tab. 

The use of bonds is a policy 
change &om traditional medlod of 
financing highway construction 
with money raised &om taxes on 
gasoline. According to Deukme-
jian, the gas tax is no looser a 
useful tool for funding highway 
construction because "it has 
proven to be an unreliable, 
unresponsive revenue .. . subject to 
tklctuations as the sales and price 
of gasoline ftucruate: 

Deukmejian's proposal also caDs 
for the development of 
technologically sophisticated 
'sman" freeways and other traffic 
management techniques to 
"increase system capacity and 
safety to their fullest." ·Congestion 
can be reduced by increasing 
options for when and how 
Californians tra~l," he said. "We 
can Increase these options by 
working with local governments 
and employers to coordinate work 
houlS and deU~ty schedules." 

Many of these traffic 
management techniques were 
successfully used during the 1984 
Olympics in Los Angele s , 
Deukmejian said. "We wiD also 
make greater use of the most 
modem techniqurs, such as road 
sensors and closed circuit 
monitors to provide motorists and 

QUESTION #2. 

HOW CAN THE BUDGET-CONSCIOUS 
COLLEGE STUDENT SAVE 'MONEY? 

a) Save CMtI' 50% oH AT&T's weekday rates on 
out-of-slale calls cbing nights and weekends. 

b) Don't buy textbooks when "Monarch Notes" wIH do 
lustftne. 

c) Save 38% oH AT&T's weekday rate on out-of-slate 
calls during ewnIngs. 

d) Count on AT&T for exceptional WIIue and high quality 
service. 

.) HaI'9 around with the richest kids In school; let them 
pick up the tab whenever posslda. 

If you're like most college students in the western hemisphere, 
you try to make your money go a long way, That's why you should 
know that A'IM' wng Distance Seryice is the right choice for you. 

~ ~ A'IM' offers so many terrific values. For example, you can save over 50% off A11tr's d~ rate on calls during 1 weekends unti15 pm Sunday, and from 11 pm ~ t to 8 am, Sunday through Frid~. ~ • Call between 5 pm and 11 pm, ~ Sund~ through Frid~, and you'll save 38% 1J? . off our day rate, 

ClI986 AT&T 

Ever dial a wrong number? .A'mT gives you 
immediate credit if you do. And of course, you can count on 

A'IM' for clear long distance connections any place you call. 
1b find out more about how AT&!' can help~ you mo~ 

give us a call. With a little luck, you won't have to hlUlg arounwith 
the rich kids. Call toll-free tod~, a~ 22~ r -~L--tJI! ~ 

• ATlaT 
The right choice. 



10 Monday. May 4. 1987 

Keep-ing older minds y-oung_ 

ICL sho,ws that learning never stops 
ICl students: at right. from lett to 
ri ght, Clare Herman, Dee 
l ewbel and Selma Malk; below 
in forefront. Dave Rotter. 

To the right, ICl students 
hsten attentively in lecture. 

By DAVID FORMAN. Sctior staff 

FOR the college student, the adage · you·re only as old as you feel" has little meaning. 
For the members of the Institute of 

C ont inued Learn ing ( IC L) . 
however. it is a reality. ICl . an 
organ izat ion at UCSD . is 
comprised of aver 300 retired or 
semi-retired professionals. who 
have an interest in expanding their 
horizons in an academic setting. 
loca ted in th e exten sion 
buildings. ICl offers to its 
members lectures and discussions 
with UCSD professors and 
prominent people in the 
community. as well as stUdy 
sessions among themselves. 

ICl's brochure begins with a 
quote by Ralph W. Sockman which 
reads. "The larger the island of 
knowledge , the longer the 
shoreline of wonder," This sets the 
tone for what ICl members are 
trying to achieve. Far too often. 
American SOCiety dismisses their 
elderly as simply over the hill. ICl 
proves just how much we lose by 
this practice; for its vibrant. eager 
members. the hill has only begun to 
ascend. 

The most imp~ssive element of 
IU is how young its members 
seem. Leona Young. the public 

~lations coordinator. said that one 
of the reasons she quit doing 
volunteer work and joined ICl in 
1984 was that "I don't have the 
patience with old people and here 
I don't need it" Virginia Laird. 
another member. suggests that one 
of the reasons people get involved 

llu 
S that "evetything is in the here 

and now." Their Sights are 
consistently set on the future. Laird 
notes that grandchildren are rarely 
brought up in conversation nor are 
many of their individual h istories 
ever d iscussed . Rather, they 
concentrate on teaching each 
other about new and exciting 
subjects. Education. for IClers <as 
they call themselves). is an ongOing 
p rocess which has nothing to do 
with age. Through phys ical 
aspects. their ages are displayed 
<though most are decrytively 
young looking); emotionally and 
inteDecrually. however. their age 
has no bearing. 

Young comments "some of the 
members may have arthritis. but 
this group doesn't have time for it" 

IndividuaDy. they boast of their 
alma-maters and occasionally their 
past experiences. One of the 
senior members of ICl is joe 
Rubinger. who will be 93 in june. 
After beingan officer in World War 
I. he became a professor and a 
biolOgist He worked on the staff at 
NYCC; then he formed a company 
developing educational aids. Even 
today. he keeps ab~.5t on new 
scientific discoveries. and now he 
resides as ICl's Chairman 
Emeritus.. helping to lead the 
programs which concern science 
and bio-med. At 92. Rubinger is 
easy going and eager to discover 
and discuss new finds. "I attribute 
my longeVity to lCl." he 
commented. 

See ICL, .,.e 13 

Surfboards, Sex Wax and Ma Bt:ll. -" .. o:.. __ ~_ .. ~~ 
By AIMEE DAI lEI I .r . ..•• 1.;1(,. 

"Glassy lines ." "sectiony." postUlation in surf forecasting. because they know whatto look for the waves and wntmg their 
"mushy-lined up peaks ," and Borg works primarily on the night a nd p ossess the adequate observations down on a detailed 
"workable shoulders." Regardless forecast and through satellite terminology of surf culture." surf evaluation form. Once the 
of the way these words sound they monitoring of the National When asked how does one Huntington office calls . the 
are n ot the latest avant-garde terms Weather Service obtains viable qualify as a Surf Reporter. Wilk information is then collected and 
for Andy Warhol's proteges nor are facts. The bulk of this information responded. ~ell. besides the edited later to be recorded in a 
they the newest sexual inuendos contains surface analysis charts obvious traits needed. which are special stUdio. From there the 
used to attract members of the which render much of the storm responsibility and reliability. they processed data is transmitted to 
opposite sex. Rather. they are activity along the Paci fi c. size and are chosen on r.he basis of their the phone-line computer and is 
word.. that can be heard at the direction of swells and direction of academic stance and personality." now available for the first caBer. 
other end of a telephone when the wind. This data is then put into Once a surf reporter is hired . they Out of the ~ 1 surf reporters. San 
numbers dialed are 976-SURF. their computer and makes attend a training program up in Diego has 18 reporters; it is the 

The "Surf Line: created by three forecasts for the following day's Orange County that briefs them on largest group and is responsible for 
long time surfers . Dave Wilk. jeny status. the fundamentals of meteorology giving the 6:45 am and 1:00 pm 
Arnold and Masuoka. is a phone The reports they receive come and afterwards they are assigned to reports. They are in tum paid for 
service that gives the latest. most from "companies that concern a Southern California Beach to their efforts. Perhaps the most 
accurate account of surf conditions themselves with forecasting open begin reporting. beneficial aspect to the job is that 
in Southern Californ ia . This two ocean swells for ship routing," Jeny At 6:45 am. the reporters wait they are doing what they enjoy and 
year old project has maintained a Arnold. President of Surf Line, said. patienciy for the home base office getting paid for it. 
profitable margin as a reputable These reports are the basis in to call them via pay telephone. With over 350.000 caUers last 
business and has a more original which Surf Line predicts wave- Most o f them have been there since year. Surf Line is doing an 
aim - to give surfers from break size and frequency. In first light reading the conditions of impressive job. As seasonal swells 
Huntington Beach to Mexico an addition to Borg. other qualified 
error free report solely based on persons take part in the forecasting 
wave cond itions. of wave s . Th e se inclu d e 

Before this program was started. oceanographer Bill O·Reilly. at 
most surfers feb that radio stations. Scripps Institute of Oceanography; 
lV. and newspapers produced Craig Peterson. meteorologist and 
vague if not sketchy images of what computer programmer; and Dr. 
surfers could expect at the David Enfield . professor of 
beaches. Most weather reports oceanography at Oregon State 
concentrate on general aspects of University whose thesis was used 
weather conditions. According to to design Surf Lines computer. 
Wilko -No one took the time or The other key to Surf line's 
made the effort to produce a good successes is their employment o f 
surf report." As a consequence. Surf 51 tOP surf reporters. They hire 
Line emerged as one of the few and surfers ranging from highschool to 
one of the best forecaste rs In college age who are for the most 
surfing. part active in National Scholastic 

To aid them in their endeavor. Surf Association (NSSA). Wilk 
the surfers hired Chris Borg. a possesses great confidence in Surf 
credited meteorologist and surfer. Line's field reporters, stating. 
There is a lot more than mere "Surfers are the ideal reporters 

change for surfers. the numbers of 
phonecaDs ~ceived val}' from 
season to season. Surf Line reports 
a marginal increase for cats in the 
summer across the board. even in 
San Diego when waves are smaOer 
because of the shift in the direction 
of sweDs. Surfers have now found a 
reliable answer to their search for 
the hottest surfing spots. 

just how accurate is this service? 
The Surf Line is reported to have a 
99 percent accuracy rate. which is 
dependent on the time lapse 
between re ports. Everyone is 
happy widi the success of Surf Line 
- the surfers. the reporters and 
the management. Still . the 
management openly admits one 
drawback - when a good report 
comes in. they're the only ones not 
surfing. ~ 

Reading between tan 
lines at Black's 
By SEAN KENEFICK Copy E.dUor 

T HE view was of people aetting an aD-over tan here at Black's Beach. 
Modesty had never been one of 

my stronger emotions, but here in 
pu,lic. the prude in me was taking 
over. I sat In my trunks, just 
watching for a moment, wondering 
whether or not it was my 
joumalistic duty to take a swim in 
the bun. 

The buff. Being bare - letting it 
all hang out. San Diego has had a 
goodly amount of controversy 
surrounding that Issue. Since 1977. 
the laws of America's Finest City 
have been amended, stating clearly 

that anyone aver the age of ten 
years old may not be nude and 

ex~d on any park, beach. 
public building (except th~s) 
or street. The fine for breaking this 
law? Dep\af City Attorney Grant 
Telfer says about $l0. depending 
on the judge. 

"(The police) are more 
interested in it (BIack's Beach) 
being an attractive nuisance than 
the nudity." Telfer !lated. ·People 
go down these steep trails and faD 
and break something. and then 
they say. 'hey! I'm going to sue the 
dtylM . 

Gaty P .• a 25 yur-old sunbather. 
agreed with Telfer about the 

APPEARANCES 
---studio for good looks---

Haircuts: 

Men ........ . ...... $12 
VVonlBn ............ $15 
(shampoo cut & blow dry) 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. #122 
directly behind Elephant Bar 

Comedian: 

457-2292 
ask for Lisa 

aniNde of police. "The cops come 
he~ and break up fights . .. That's 
cool; they don't bother (the nude 
sunbathers)." 

Gal}' wears his trunks while 
lying in the sun because he wants 

~to get tan lines. But I rake them off 
when I go into the water." 

Modesty doesn't seem to be 
much of an issue for him. "I had no 
problem with the nudity when I 
firs( came down he~. I think the 
view of the ocean and the cliffs is 
what is most appealing to most 
people." he said. 

Monday. May 4. 1987 11 
FEATURES 

While some residents have 
expressed anger that the public 
nudity laws a~ not being enforced 
on Black's Beach. Telfer explained 
that the ~nude· section of the 
beach actUaDy lies in at least three 

ditTe~nt jurisdictions. • A woman 
aUed the RtGdtr and said that she 
saw the police paaolling the area 
but not giving out tickets ... . But 
Black's Beach is part of Torrey 

See II!ACH, .,. 11 For some, the real view at Black's is the cliffs and the oeMn. 

. 

HOUSING 
Do you need a place 
to IIW this Summer 

or Fall 01 '8n 

Come to the ort-0Jmpus 
Housing WOI1<shop Thursday. 

May 7. 6:30 p.m. North 
Conference Room. Student 

Center. Building A 

A panel of expelts 
will cIIecuu 

• How to find a p lace to live 
• Polic ies and renta l regulations 
• Legal aspects 
• Viewpoints on housing 

lifestyles 
• Q.;estlon and answer periods 

LOW COST 
AUTO InsUIWtC~ 
Need not be expensive ~ our 

quotes are always free. 
OMLaf 

IlIJUnace Agaacy 

~ 
4S40 Keary Villa lid. .uo 
I'ta Balboa Ave. ~ 183 

SIn Diego. CA g:n21 
Special Coli. 

student hograIn 
560-9055 

F==========U C 5 D==========~ 

INTERNATIONAL 

===CINEMA 

BRUCE "BABYMAN" 

I 
'. 

BA·U'M5!! •••••••• !!! ••• !!.!!!!!.!33232!121121.1.1.1.2.2.11t21t 
.. 22.1.I.1.1.1.I11.l1a2.1.1.iJ.iJ.at 

May 5, Tuesday, 8 pm 
Triton Pub, FREE! 
Comedian: 
RICK ROCKWELL 
May 16, Saturday, 8 pm 
Triton Pub , FREE! 

:~ 
~~l 
:=: 
.', 

j 
J 

With Klaus Maria Brandauer 
144 min. Hungary 1985 

Framed and condemned by Austria's Archduke 
Ferdinand, Redl commetted suicide in 1913. What 
followed were dark rumors of sexual duplicity and 
intrigue. Brandauer and Szabo-who collaborated on 
Mephisto, reunite for this complex po rtrait of a man 

destroyed by his lust for power 
May 7, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 

Mandeville Auditorium 
$2.00 

Presented by University Events Office :~ 
.------ -----~ 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

~== Presented by University Events Office ==~ 



FEATURES 

Beach 
Coodauecl from pate 11 
Pines State Park, Torrey Pines State 
Beach, and e~n part of the beach 
below the high tide mark belongs 
to Scripps (Inst itute of ) 
Oceanography) . The city of San 
Diego owns part of it, too. They al 
have shared jurisdiction. It's hard 
to say who should be giving out the 
tickets, " Telfer said. 

While many people believe that 
the beach is privately owned, 
T dfer refuted this claim. "The cliffs 
are owned by (some private 
parties), such as UCSD, but it is 
illegal to own a beach. All the 
beaches in California are owned by 
the public, except those which are 
military establishments, which 
means that you can be ticketed for 
going down there and taking off 
your cloches." 

Gary might stop taking off his 
trunks if the laws were more strictly 
enforced, but he would still come 
to the beach. "I like how 
uncrowded it is." 

Linda D., a 22-year old student, 
wouldn't care either way. "This 
beach has been here for five billion 
years. And the nude sunbathers for 
about fony of those years. I just 

Although nudity on San DIego beaches has been IIegaI ~ 19n, aunbathn at BlIck', can .. chooIe. 
can't understand people with 
heavy modesty or those (people) 
who just can't let people do what 
they want to do when they aren't 
hurting anyone." 

Gary and Linda both agreed that 
the lewd acts sometimes seen on 

the beach come with the territory. 
"\ ha~ men sometimes trying to 
pick me up: Uncia stated. "You 
know, if I'm nude, then I must be 
easy, right? I just ten them 011' and 
they \ea~ me alone." 

Gary said that he has seen 

people engaged in sexual activity, 
but doesn't bdie~ a police 
crackdown would hdp. "Firstofall, 
it wouldn't stop it, " he said. 
"Secondly, if they started arresting 
people for that, then they would 
ha~ to arrest everyone else." 

A 2O-~ar old surfer, Pat P. stated 
that "people know what goes on 
down here ... that there are nude 
people and sometimes strange 
things happen .". But if they're 
going to be otTended by it, they 
shouldn't come down." 

Does the general public know 
what goes on? Suzanne Ufson, a 
student at UCSD, says that they do. 
"I think for the most part,ycople 
know, but they don't reaDy care 
about what happens there .... 
Before I graduate, I want to go 
down there at Icast once and walk 
around topless: she joked. 

On the other hand, there are no 
signs posted at the entrances of the 
beach waming people that there 
may be nude sunbathers; the beach 
is also visible from some of the 
cliffside u Jolla homes. Residents' 
complaints are not frequent, 
though, and according to Telfer, 
signs to wam the unknowing 
public might ~e the impression 
that it is legal to "take otT your 
dothes. They also wanted to put in 
stairs, a big set of wooden stairs, 
but expens say that it would faD 
apart because the clitTs are so 
unstable. It realy is dangerous to go 
there." . 

Guy and Linda both bclle~ that 
most people don't really wony 
about the cliffs. "Actually," Gary 

-------------------------------- -----------, said with a grin, "Nobody reaDy 

ow 

ow 

The American Expn!SS" Card can get you Virtually 
everything from a 'IV to a T-shirt. Or a tuxedo. 

From Thisa to Thailand. So durlog college and after, it's the 
perfect way to pay for jl5t about an}thing you'U want. 

How to get the Card before graduation. 
College is the lim sign of Suca!SS. And because 

we believe in your potential, we've made it easier 
10 gel the American ExprtSS Card right now. You can 

qualify even before you graduate wtth our special 
student offers. For detai ls, look for applicaUO/\'l 

on campl5. Or jLLSl call 1-800-TIfE.o.RD, and ask 
for a student applicaUon. 

The American Express Card. 
Don't Leave Schoo) Without It~ 

.11= .. _._--

worries about anything down here. 
We're so far from civilization that 
nothing reaDy seems to maur." 

This seems to be the general 
consensus. The beach is isolated 
with obscure paths. WhiIc walking 
up and down the beach, one can 
see nude children building sand 
castles, nude vo\leybal players and 
even nude afumlnum can 
collectors. aothed people also 
choose this beach to sunbathe on 
because it is nonnaRy uncrowded. 
The ratio between those with 
clothes and those without seems to 
be about ft£ty-fi£ty. 

There are at leut four ways to get 
to the beach. One enaance is otT of 
La Jolla Fanns, walking down a 
dosed-otT road which is used by 
lifeguard vehicles. Two others are 
near the T arrey Pines Glider Port, 
with the south enaance having at 
least a few stairs. Its pathway is a lot 

Sec BEAOI • .,. 13 

E.rn Wh". You Leam 
Part Time 

PHONE 
HELP 

NEEDED 
in pleasant fund 

raising office. Easy 
work, will train. Days 

and evenings 
available. 

283-6017 

SU"'MfR SPfCIAL 
10-15% DISCOUm 

leL: 
continued 
learning 
Coodauecl froID .... 10 

ICL came to UCSD in 1975, 
when they were granted a building 
in the extensions. It was founded 
by Joe and Irene Rubinger, who In 
New Yodt were members ofa group 
cal\ed IRP (Institute of Retired 
ProfeSSionals), which worked 
within the New School for Social 
Research in New York City. By the 
1970s , IRP established a 
membership of 650 people with an 
equal number of people on waiting 
lists. When the Rubingers moved 
to San Diego in March of 1974, 
they wanted to continue this fonn 
of education. "Participation 15 the 
key to the whole <..'bncept," 
Rabinger said. 

Joe and Irene Rubinger, founders of lel. 

discussion are 5tricdy voluntary, 
there is no pressure to perfonn. 
With these ground rules 
understood, the atmosphere is 
relaxed, and ideas are thoroughly 
debated by an present Sections at 
UCSD would do wen to adopt this 
voluntary format 

Classes offered this quarter 

include Archeology, Contem-
porary Issues, a computer 
workshop and a Great Books 
DilCUSSion course. One of the 
favorite courses of ICLers is called 
Written Autobiography. In this 
classs, the participants wrilE and 
discuss fellow ICl..crs' autobio-
graphies. This is one of thc few 
times when the members talk 

about their paSts, and the results 
are fascinating. Another favorite is 
the Distinguished LectulC Series, 
which invites UCSD professors, 
and prominent members of the 
San Diew> community to lecture on 
various topics. Dr. James WeltSCh, 
from the communications 
depanment , and Wadle F. 
Deddeh, Califomia StalE Senator, 
wiD be two of the people speaking 
in May. 

One hope of ICL is to become 
more involved with the students at 
UCSD. Young commented "We 
think that we're overdue in relating 
more to the campus and they to 
us." One suggestion has been a 
joint forum where students and 
ICLers could lEach each other, and 
become more in rune with the 
others' generation. Such an 
interaction would be a 
phenomenal opportunity for aD 
involved. 

With hopes and aspirations of a 
bright future , lCLers continue their 
assault on the pursuit of education. 
Displaying more energy and 
enthusiasm than the average 
student, they lend credence to the 
idea that the best is always ~t to 
be. For ICLers, "old ." is not a 
part of their vocabulary. i:J 

Monday, May 'I, 1987 13 
FEATURES 

Beach 
Condauecl from pate 12 
easier, but a little longer, than the 
north entrancc's "killer" path. But if 
hills aren't your style, you can also 
enter the Torrey Pines StalE Beach 
enaance and walk SOUlhward for 
about three miles. Anyway you look 
at it, though, you're in for a hike. 

The northem end of the beach is 
known for its homosexual 
population, but the southem glider 
port enaance leads you to the area 
ftlled mostly with families, military 
men and students. Be careful 
where you lie - it could make the 
difference on how comfortable you 
may end up being. 

While beer vendors are a 
common Sight on the beach, a 
word of advice &om Pat is to "bring 
a thennos of water or something. 
The vendors charge an ann and a 
leg for a drink." 

And remember, it is far away 
&om civilization. There are no 
phones or resrroorns. If you lea~ 
your inhibitions and stress at 
home, you'D probably ha~ a good 
time, nude or not. 

To answer the question many of 
you may be asking: 

The water was soooo cold! &:iI 

The first ICL meetings took 
place in private homes, with just a 
handful of members. In 1987, they 
are burstin& at the seams with over 
300 members. During the Friday 
lecrures, extra seats must be placed 
ootsldetheroomtoaccom~te r'-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all those interested. They will soon 

ha~ to decide whether to petition 
for a larger building or currail 
membership. 

ICL is more than just -further 
education" for most of its 
members; it is also an extended 
family. Se~ral members just took a 
day trip to Palm Springs and In 
June, ICL is sponsoring a trip to 
Catalina. "It's a reason to set up in 
the morning. ~ Laird said. 

ICL's curriculum is as varied as 
UCSD', and even more so, with the 
format of each class being 
different Classes are held twice a 
day, from 10:00 am-Noon and 
from 1:00-3:00 pm, five days a 

Far too often, 
American society 
dismisses their elderly 
as simply over the hill. 
ICL proves just how 
much we lose by this 
practice." 
week. They break their quarter into 
A and B weeks, dowing for tw>enty 
ditTerent time slots to be 6lIed each 
quarter. The bulk of the courses are 
taught by ICLers themselves. 
Members will either lecture on 
their own field of expertise, or they 
will research subjects for 
presentation. Y oong comments 
"Our feelings are much Ii~ there. 
of the student body's. We have the 
jitters before we ha~ to Jlresent 
something just like (UCSD 
studentsl do. We show the same 
excitement when the facts unbid." 
With this format, a teacher in one 
course may be a student in 
another. Because they are all each 
other's peers, there is no tension as 
in a aadltional teacher-student 
relationship. Sy Kalnen, one of the 
most vocal members of the group 
jo~d, ·Since the teacher is the 
same age, we ha~ no respect for 
him at aD." 

Another vocal member of the 
group, Margy Ecclesine, assesses 
that this relaxed format is one of 
the elements which makes ICL 
work. She nOleS that with the 
absence of grades, there is no 
competition, and no fear of not 
understanding the material In 
dasles, ~ryone fem free to 
speak. question and disape . 
Furthent1(ft, since all lectures and 

SPOil I 5 SAVERS CLUB 
the nevv 'Nay to buy 

your sporting goodsl 
Honored at 

Village Sports 
... 

You buy all 
sports clothes and 

sports equipment at 
\Nholesale prices * 

*PlUS 10% 

Fantastic SavIngs Examples 
~IA_ linN&. _can 

MUON FIELDERS 8o\SE!WJ. GlOVE 
REEBOK INSTRUCTOR 5000 SHOES 
AVIA 750 TENNIS SHOES 
EASTON "SMOKE" BAT 
PRINCE PRO RACOUET 
YONEXR-D 
DUNLOP200G 
ABRAXAS SILKS IroMEN'S WARM-U'$ 
RAY BAN (WAYFARERI 
MARCY MONSTER EXERCISE BENCH 
SUB 4 POlYPrlOP't'LENE S\XIEATS 
SKYR SKI JACKET 

42.95 
57.95 
51.95 
31.95 
67.00 
140.00 
153.95 
55.00 
49.95 
129.95 
79.95 
125.00 

23.63 
JO.98 
28.46 
12.60 
36.85 
77.00 
84.50 
JO.OO 
27.50 
71.00 
44.00 
69.00 

La Jolla Village Square SS5·17S0 



14 Monday. May i . 1987 

-Friday, May 8 
11 am - Midni ght 
UCSD Campus 

( Urey Lawn) 

(Urey Lawn) 

Featuring: The Untouchables 

( 
) ) 
: ~ ( ) I 0) ) 

A.S. News 
Triton Waves 

join the fun - join the games 
join the food!!!! 

Be a Triton Waves Ma,scot! Mascots help create enthusiasm at 
various Ie games throughout the year. No experience neccessary 
Gust ENTHUSIASM!) Pick up an application in the AS Secretary's 
office today! 

PAID POSITIONS AVAIIABLE 
Needed staff: Lobby Director, Federal Director, State Director, 
Municipal Director and many more positions available in the AS 
External Affairs Lobby. For more information please contact Jill 
Marchick in the A.S. OFACE or at 534-4450. 

A.S. Programming 
A.S. Film Series 

Animal House 

Wednesday, May 6 HSS 2250 
8:15 pm 

It was the Deltas against 
the rules ••• the rules lost! 

A comedy ""'" UnIwnoI """",-, 
THE /o.WTY ~~ rvN< 1\f1Tw.N PrIClOUCI1ON 

N"llONAli..w.POON S ANIfMl HQlbE ...... JOHN O!:LIbHI 11M IMTH[SQN JOHN \'EI\NON 
\'ERNA Dl<X)M THOMAS HU.a and DONAlD SUlHEN.N/D _ .-.. 

ProcMed by foMfIY ~S ond rvAN I\fllw.N IIv..K by ElMER o!:RN~I£IN 
W""",,, by HAAOlD f\N,\IS ~ IIENN£Y [, CHI\I5 MI LLER ""('(Jed by JOHN l.AIIOI5 

~ NfIWti.. ~ t()f't"C)C'Md one! ~0T0I!'d Dr< :'1(PHlH I)lHOP 

~~~~ ==~ 

Mllnday. May 'I, 1987 15 

UCSD WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTER PRESENTS 

ANGELA DAVIS 
ON 

The Personal And The Political: 
Reproductive Rights in the 1980's 

Anarla Y Divis is cth: bnutd "5 a scholar IrclUrtr. \Itrlter, <Inti fiJ(htcr rur hum:.n nJdlh '''.or nOlml' 
i ;I JYn1bol Ihroughoul the world 

Sh<: is the aulhor 0( nu~rou.s essa)'li in l~ areas of Bud hbC'r.I1IOfl pohllul prlM>neB and lht' 
pcn~;ook'lal.$)"lcm, lhr 5Irufllk: ror womrn's equahty and l '. hlsmry 1f7bl!y Com~ I,. ~ dln,."i"/( 
and her beSt ~Uin8 Angna IN,,';'. An Autobiography. h .... ~ madt' and wllll"OOIIOUe 10 matt' 4 marl. on 
Itlf COfUiCtcncC of aU who rod (MID. ,,"omen, Rat:~. and Cla.u 15 her la'('SoI twx. 

M . Da\'lS i now a prolaiOr. t~!UnR ('()Ur5t'S on Phil~h) . A-Qh("ll4..--.. and "'omC"n '~ Scudt("' 
(particularly tht' hi5toncaJ ronlribuhons of Black wormn). at ~n Fnnu~o SWc l ln1\"'Cl"lttl) ilnd th(; 
San FnnciKO Art InJtilUIC 

MAY 9, SAT. 7:00 PM 
PETERSON HALL 108 

-- FREE TO THE PUBUC --
.... ___ ....,.doc_·.~c....... 534·2023 

ATTENTION WOMEN! 
UCSD Women's Leadership Conference for student, staff, and faculty. A day full of 

exciting lectures and workshops. T opies include: Gender and color, the male reaction 
to women in leadership, asseniveness training, women in sciences, the SupelWoman 
Complex, and more! 

Keynote address by Angela Davis (open to the public) 
FREE! Breakfast and lunch included. Saturday, May 9. Childcare available. Sign up 

early! For more info come into the Women's Resource Center or call 534-2023. 
Attention: Student Organizations 

FaD quaner budget requests due May L ~, Friday at 4:30 pm. Obtain t~e request 
forms from MalY in the Student Organizations office, make an appointment to 
meet with your advisor and get your requests in early: After meeting with your 
advisor take the completed and signed fonus to Patty In the A.S. office and sign 
up for a hearing time. If yo~ have any questions .. call Patty at EXT. 44450!! 
Remember deadline to tum In request forms IS Fnday. May 15 at 4:30 pm. 

Have you ever been a victim of a crime? 
If you feci strongly about this issue come out fo r a day of fun to help bcnefit the 
.RIME ViCTIMS FUND. The Volunteer Connection is looking for interested 

people. When: Saturday, May 9, Where: Sher<Hon Harbor Island East. Contact: 
The Volunteer Connection Gameroom #4, Student Center 534-0540. 

DARK STAR 
UCSD's SCIence Fiction and Fantlsy Club presentsSilelH Running AdmiSSion IS 
free . Thursday, May 7.7 '30 pm TLH 107. Funded by ASUCSD. 

EMSSA Presents: 
Careers in finance . Tuesday, May 5,2 pm. CareerCcnLerMultipurpose Room. 
General Meeting to lallow right after. We'll have pizza at the Sun God Festi val. 
Come out and support EM SA. For more information <I II Greg at 534-4726 or 
587-6747. 

Computer Science Co-op 
FL PPY 01 !I Colored DSDD - '5 '/, ·48 TPI Rcd-yell'llV-or'll1ge -gree n·blue-
Guarantced Qu.dity! '),.75/ each 7 .25/ box 01 10 . Loc,\tcd ,I nove the Food coop 

SEED 
Tuesday. May 5,tudcnL~ L ncouragi ng LdUl.:atlon and Devcklpmell t ('>1- ED) \\.'dl 
set up ,liable III RC\l' l\e PI,I;!;I ,til d.lY lor ~Iudcllh. ~t,lrr . ,\lId (,Ieulty InLete~tcd In 
(he Bike-Aid ~7. ,>,\11 Dlegl) to Los Angcle~ mute OI1JUllL' I') Or. lor th\)'>l' 01 you 
Whll \''lluld prcfl:l It) P,\ItlLI p,ltL' In the n.1II1111.11 ride 110111 (he \.VC,,( I),lSI [ONew 
York Ity Ihb summer. (11I11l' on by for InIOnn.llllln Help us help the Ics~ 
IOIlUIl,IlC 10 help thel1l,;c!ve.,1 There IS ,\ EED mcctlng l'\"l~l)' Ilmda}, <lt5 (Jill III 
URI:l' ROOM. 2nd lIoor. Urc)' Hall 

Systemwide Committees Available 
The University of California Student AsSOCiation is now seekmg interested 
students for their committee appointment . This IS a chance for you as a student 
to make a difference. For more information contact Jill Marchick in the A. . 
Office or at 534-4450. 

Asian Aw.U'eness Week (May 4-9) 
From May 4-9, the Asian Pacific Student Alliance (APSA) IS haVing Its ANNUAL 
ASIAN AWARE ESS WEEK. To kick it oIT. on Monday we IVID have a guest 
peaker on the experiences of ASldn m America. n Tuesday We Will be 

showmg A Great WaU at HL 1148. It IS 'Iltght comedy On Wednesday. we will 
be having ,I Sushi-milking workshop. On Thursday APSA Will be havmgan Asian 
Career Dol}',. On Friday. there will be a dance Saturda}' AP A Will be hosting a 
JOint UC D/ SDSU Talent Show. All eire welcome to partlClp,l[e In these events. 
For more informJtion. cdll the APSA office 53-+-2048. 

Today, today .. . Wooaaa. 
TODAY - Monday. May 4 from 4.5pm at HS - IS the day Nurse Practitioner 
ilnd fabulou Dtabellc Educator Christine Blby meets with the Diabetic uppOrt 
Group . Don't let thc day and thiS great opponunlty pass you by! 

Careers in Finance 
A panel of finan ial managers will preS(·nt ,.In overview of various careers 
avadabl in the un,lnce mdustry. Questionse ncouraged!1 Tuesday. May 5, L 987 
2 pm Career Services Mum-purpose Room A service proVided through the JOInt 
cffons of AM .. EM. SA, and Career elvlee,>. 

It's a jungle out there ... 
Get ,I he .. d t.\lt on Ihe Job I1lJrket Clllllpetlllon( - \Vork fleXible . evening hour~. 
g,lln \,du.1blc Jnd profcs5lOnJI nUS111Css skills. pring qWl1er Jnt! summl'r 

pO~ltl llnS ,\V<111.1hk It )'lIU Me Intcrc~ted working \llth Ihe LL"'D ph'lnc 
c.llnp.llgn 111 Ihe field III tclemJrKctlng. c,tll [h::,lhcth PennlllgtOn ,I( '587 1 'it19 
1111 IUl1hCI Inflll'lll.lllOn 



16 Monday, May 4, 1987 

UCSD best in West after KO of LaVerne 

The Triton team celebrates with Derek Alkonis (Ie") a"er his home run, 

By KURT BELL Slajf Writer 

T HE matchup: A vicious rivalry that pitted No. 12 ranked laVerne against 
No. 14 UCSD. The outcome: An 
undisputed top division III 
baseball team on the west coast. 
The decision: Unanimous, a 
double-header sweep for UCSD, 5-
2,7..0, in a confrontation that had 
everything. There was intense 

competition, top-notch pitching, 
clutch-hitting, a boisterous crowd 
and, yes, a bench clearing brawl. 

"I expected this rowdiness ," 
Triton coach Lyle Yates 
commented, "This is a big rivalry. 
Their fans we~ brutal to us up 

the~ . It's nice to rerum the favor.· 
The Triton split a double-header at 
laVerne earlier this year. 

The audience appea~d to have 
a large impact on the game. "The 
crowd made a diffe~nce today," 
catcher Bob Natal said . 

Pitcher Rick Nowak ag~ed . 
"The crowd was fantastic . When 

they'~ like that, we don't want to 
let anyone down," he said. 

laVerne was kept off balance an 
day. The constant taunting and 
heckling of the UCSD partisans 
broke laVerne's concentration 
and multiplied their constant 
frustration, frustration thal 
culminated in a bench-dearing 
skirmish in the 6th inning of the 
first game. 

The Tritons we~ leading 5-1 
when the conniet occumd. With 
two outs and a runner, Thad Feme, 
on first base , Gary Fessia hit a 

from first and came in hard toward 
laVerne catcher Greg Ratoins, who 
was waiting with the throw and 
tagged Feme out. 

But that wasn't enough for the 

frustrated Ratoins. He proceeded 
to hold Feme down with his mit 
and tag him hard in the stomach 
with the baD. The incident 
provoked on-deck hitter Dave 
Sranovich 10 charge the scufDe and 
land a round house to the side 
of Ratoins' head. "One cheap shot 
deserves another," Stanovich later 
commented. Both benches cleared 
and blows were thrown bef~ 
umpires were able to restore order. 
No one was ejected. 

From the contest's beginning, it 
appeared that a conflict of that sort 
was bound to happen. After half an 
Inning of play, laVerne coach 
Owen Wright confronted Yates 
with complaints about noise from 
the Triton dugout. "He told me that 
bench jockeying (chatter) was 
against NCAA rules," Yates said. "I 
told him 1 didn't have to listen to a 
lecture from him. 1 told him he 
should take care of his bench and 
111 rake care of mine. He had one 
of his assistant coaches right in the 
middle of the fight. Wright should 
take ca~ of his staff before he starts 
lecturing me: 

laVerne opened the day's 
scoring with an unearned Nn on 
two Triton throwing errors in the 
third . UCSD, however, redeemed 
itself in the bottom half of 
thaI inning. With two outs, 
Stanovich walked and Henry 
Jimenez reached on catcher's 

interference. Both scored on a 
triple through the' gap in center by 
Natal. Not to be outdone, Derek 
A1konis, the following batter, 
launched one over the left field 
fence to give the Tritons a 4-1 lead. 

laVerne scored again in the 
sixth, but UCSD answered apin in 
the bortom of the inning, to give 
them the 5-2 final. 

Freshman pitcher Kyle Abbott 
went the distance to earn his 
seventh win. Abbott said the win 
and the crowd felt especially good. 
"Last game, at laVerne, a guy was 
caBing my number the whole game. 
The crowd was ~at (Sarurday),R 
he said. Abbott wculd not take fuI 
credit for his pitching. "Bobby 
[Natali caled a ~at game. We 
pla~d a lot of mind games with 
them: he said. 

Nowhere were those "mind 
games" more apparent than in the 
three strikeouts of Rod Wright. the 
laVerne coach's son, and the 
JUtbless crowd's favorite ralFl 
Wright was fooled badly on each 
occasion, and he also struck out 
three times in the second game. 
Abbott ended game one with six 
strikeouts total. 

In the second game, the selout 
crowd (weD, it was free, bLl the 
bleachers were fiUed) wimessed 
another good pitching perform-

See BA.SfIAU., .,. 19 

Neither laVerne Coach Wright towering ny ball to short 
nor his son had a very good day. centerfield. It was easy catch, but it 

was clro"pped. FeM tried to score 
Bob Natal hit his 50th career home run and 15th of the year for UCSO on Saturday. 

Souter ends UCSD career 
Tritons smash Westmont 
in final match of season 
By DARREN J<JELDSEN, staff Writer 

LaJolla was under a nice, warm sun on Saturday for 
UCSD men's tennis team's last match of the 1987 
season. But Westmont College might have wished for 
a rainout as the Tritons blew them away winning 7 -2. 
Finishing on this positive note, UCSD Coach John 
Hammermeister can look forward to next season, as 
all but one of their players will rerum. The only 
graduating player is Dave Souter, leaving them plenty 
of talent for 1988. 

Souter played his last match for UCSD one day 
before Julius Erving played hiS last game for the 
Philadelphia 76ers, and even though Souter may not 
have gotten as much national attention, he still went 
qut with as much of a bang as did the Doctor. He 
played No. 3 singles for UCSD and outplayed his 
Westmont opponent on the way to a 6-1, 6-3 victory. 
Throughout the day UCSD dropped only one singles 

match - a three setter in which Sig Huber lost in a 
final set tiebreaker. The final three set score was 3-6, 
6-3, 7-6 . 

Randy Mark played No. lone for UCSD on 
Sarurdayand triumphed 6-3,6-+. No. 4 Jeff French 
took his match 6-+, 6-1 as did No. 5 Steve Kulker6-1, 
6-3, and sixth seed Tim Ditzler took his match 6-3,6-
1. 

Absent from singles Sarurday was Junior Kyle 
Knapp . ranked 18th nationaUy. Even though he says 
he likes to play sinitles more than doubles, teamed 
with Ditzler to win tlie No. 3 doubles match 6-2,6..0. 
UCSD split the other twO doubles matches as French 
teamed with Francois Monnar, losing 6-3, 6-3 and 
Huber and Mark we~ victorious in their contesl 7-6, 
3-6, 7-6. ~ Tim Ditzler won his singles match, 6-3, 6-1. 

1b get ahead in college, it helps if comes with either two built-in 800K 
you choose a brilliant roommate. Like a drives, or one drive and an internal 
Macintoslrpersonal oomputer. And now 20-megabyte hard disk. As well as a 
there are two models to choose from. choice of two new keyboards. 

The Macintosh Plus, which comes Inside, the SE also has an expan-
with one BOOK disk drive and a full mega- sion slot, so you can add a card that lets 
byte of memory (expandable to four). you share information over a campus-

And the new Macintosh SE. Which wide network. Or another cant that 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Hours: Monday,Friday 7:45 AM,5:15 PM 

Saturday: 10:00 AM,4:00 PM 
534-4291 

Monday, May 'I, 198 7 17 

lets you run MS-DOS programs, 
Whichever Macintosh you choose, 

you can use the latest, most advanced 
software. And that means you'll be able 
to work faster, better and smarter. 

No two ways about it. 

The po.verto be your best 



18 Monday, May 4, 1987 
SPORTS 

Sports 
Calendar 

BJ.'s Pizzeria/Guardian Sports Trivia Quiz 
(home games in bold) 

uaday, May' 

:00 pm. Women's sorman 
vs, USD 
at Jewilb Comm. 
CeDlier 

(doubleheader) 

wectnelday. May 6 

1;00 pm.Men's baseball 
vs. Claremont-
Mudd 
at Claremont 

This wukts quiz 
1. Who pitched a no-hitter while on LSD? 
2, What fonner major-leaguer claimed that he sprinkled 
marijuana on top of his pancakes? 
3, Who pitched a perfect game on the last day of the 
1984 season? 
4, Who leads the Tritons in homers? 
5, Who was the first manager of the Kansas City Royals 
(1969)7 
6. Where did Gerry Faust coach before Notre Dame? 
7, Who owns the Pittsburgh Steelers? 
8. What two Lakers were sem to the Spurs in the Mychal 
Thompson deal? 
9, Who won the PGA Seniors Championship this year? 
10, Who was named NBA coach of the year? 

Last week's winner 
Erikk Aldridge 

Inglewood, California 
psychology 

WNCH WlTH-----4 
""---THt: BUNCH! ALASKA Summer Employment 

• Earn $600+ /week in cannery 
• Earn $8,000-$12,000- for 2 

months on fishing vessel 
• Over 8,000 openings 
• Male or female 
• No expert~nce necessary 
• Ages 18-70+ 

at the Triton Pub 
"f.\' •• "414: 

GRMT rOOD ~ opm 11-8 
AU AGES WJ!LCO/fJE 

ArtD ••• 
To receive your 52· page 
employment booklet, send S5.95 
10 M&l Research. P.O. Box 84008, 
Seattle, WA 98124. WIDrtr.sDAYS 5-7 PM 

FRIDAYS 4lO-6 lO PM 
UveJazz 

Uve fntertainment 

Last week's IllSMn 
1. Jack Nicklaus. 
2, Boris Becker 
3. Louisiana Tech 
4, Jerry Buss 
5. Lary Doby 
6. Juan Nieves 
7. Rick Nowak 
8. 25 years-old 
9. None (he did not play) 
10. Inglewood, CA 

...... 

Rules of the game 
e.U tnlrits must be in lilt Gwrdlan 

oJIce '" ."", Friday, jotIAr days 4er lilt 
issue date (mlrits IMJ be mded 10 lilt 
Guardian, B-016, 1.4}o1l4. CA 92093). 

e",,~ UCSD students, ./cIcdy cmd 
SI4J '"'9' mler. Winne" will be ailwd 10 
show l/vir lJCSD ID card 10 claim IIIar 
pr1fe. 

eln lilt noml oj d lie or d dlsptIlt, lhe 
~ hdw the fl"'" decislon. iflhere is 
IIICm I hem one COITrcl miry, lherr wjl/ 
be d drCIWInJ 10 detmtUne who wills lhe 
pr1fe. 

eWlnM'S dnd prizts wU/ be prUlltd 
every Moncldy. 

e The Guardian SUI/. emp/o)oees oj 
BJ. 's Chic. ~ 4nJ IIIar 

i",me~}rIm& an indlibk. 
e~ one mil)' per pmon. 
eEntries should include ndlllt, 

Cldlftss, tdq/wmt nu mbtr, IIIdjor cmd 
hometown. 

~ ROBERT'S (II) 
® e ~ SAAB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
Allwor. "d" ,.,.,..",. e FGdlJry Tr.ill«/ S/HCi4/ .. " 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Elect rical 
• Brakes • Extended Warrant ies 
• T ransmission • ElljJine Rebu ildina 

Monday·Frlday 8 IUD • 5:30 pm • Sat1U'day 8 IUD • 5 pm 

275 1132 e. 4630 Mission Bay Dr . 
• III"'" (1·5 to Balboa Exit) 

--• "'f' _ ... ~....t"~"I. .... I,,._,.",*.,,. . 

----- --------------------
10% OFF .(E-f IoI_H~;'" OwrltooO 
On All Repairs· W't~I!!.'! ,,~!£On 

BUD LIGHT BUD LIGHT 
MARCH 

Athlete of the Month 

Bill tc.mlerowlcz 
Swimming 
6'J", 190 Ibs. 
$4mlor, Muir College 
COmputer Sdence 

EvelY spring you can count on certain things to happen. Daylight ~ings 
starts, w ftowers bloom in Arlza Borrego, and Bill Kazmierowia sets a 
national swim record. True ro form, Billy K did it again at the NCAA Division 
11/ Men's Swimming Championships ~d in March in Canton. Ohio. In 
addition to setting a national record in t he 200 indvidual medley with a 
1:50.IB time, Bill also placed second in w 200 freestyle and the 200 
backstroke and was a ~I preence in all thr~ r~ays in which the 
Tritons finished with two sec0nd5 and a third place finish. 

This king of the chlof'ine garnered 54 points at the nationals and h~ped the 
Tritons land a third place national finish In this his fourth and final yeN for 
the Triton swim team, Bill wrrently holds ttle following school swim records: 
200 1M, 200 fr~, 200 back, 400 fr~ r~.". and 800 fr~ r~ay. 

"Replacing our 'nuc~ar weapon' will ~ diffiwlt." said coach Bill Morgart "Bilrs 
swimming at the 1987 NCAA's and the past txlr years has been the backbone of 
UCSD men's swimming." 

In recog1ition of his ~ at ttle 1987 NCAA Division III nationals 
and his overall contribution to the success of the Triton men's sw imming 
program, UCSD Athletics is pleased to honor Bill Kazmierowja as Marcn's Bud 
ugn Athltte-of-the-Month. 

APRIL 

Athlete of the Month 

.... 

--

Christine ..... rens 
Tenn.s 
FNlh...." "-vel'. 
Economics llUllJor 

Chris Behrens may be new to UCSD, but to the world of tennis she 
is a tried and true veteran who has alre~ acrumulated an impressive 
rollegiate rerord. For the month of April. Chris has gone undefeated 
in both singles and doubles. sporting a 6-{) record in each and 
completely shutting out three opponents. 

Here's another juicy tidbit for the stats kNer: no one has won more 
than three games off Chris in any given set pl¥d in April . 

Holding do\Nn the #1 singles and ct:>ubles position for the Tritons, 
Chris dominates from the baseline but is no stranger to the power of 
the net game. 

"Chris is the strongest player ever to play for the women's team," 
said Triton coach Uz LaPlante. "She has the potential to be the #1 
pIa~r in the nation for Division III." That goal is looking to be 
increasingly rea~stic as ChriS has sported a 10-0 rerord against dMsion 
III opponents this season. 

For her impressive debut as the Tritons' #1 ace-jn-~Ie, UCSD 
Athletics is happy to name Chris Behrens as April's Bud Ught Athlete-
of-the-Month. 

Baseball 
Conda"" from ... 16 
ance. Rick Nowak went nine 
innings and struck out len ro gain 
his ellitth vicrory. At. one point 
Nowal( retired 15 straight. 
"Everything was working today, 
especially the slider," Nowak said, 
"This game meant a lot to me. We 
lost In LaVeme earlier this year on 
an eltOr I made." 

Yales gave high praise to his 
pirchers, "they ~re exceptional 
today," he said. He also accredited 
the plrching staff for the year's 
success. 

Natal put the Trirons on the 
scoreboard with a solo homerun in 
the third . The homer was the 50th 
of his career and it also tied his 
own single season record at 15. 

The Trirons added two more 
runs in the fifth, afler a leadoff 

See BASEBAU., pile 11 

Monday, May 4, 1987 19 
SPORTS 

XEROX ~aCcod' 

• self service copiers. free per1dng • professor's notes 
• volume discounts. copies while you wait 

HAIR DESIGNS 

EXPLORE 
AUSTRALIA 

ONUS! 

Ca~ Copy ClAII£MONT IQUNIE (NEXT TO VONS) 27.2600 
Just purchase your roundtrip ticket to the South Pacific 
from sm by June 15. We will give you a FREE BUS PASS 
enabling you to see Australia 's east coast at your own 
pace. Fares to Australia start at $839.00 roundtrip. So if 
you 've got more time than money this summer, contact M .... MESA 

(NEXT TO PIZZA HUT) ~oo Student TraNI NetwOffc 
HOURS: M-TH: 8-8; F: 8-6; SAT: 10-5 

3211 Holidey Court, La Jolla 
(next to St. Germain's) 

UNMISITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(ACROSS RlOM MANN Tf£AillE) 6447 EI Cajon Blvd 

San Diego CA 92115 
619-286-1322 
~ 

451-"49 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

1IIf'f. NOT NECESWV 
MANICURIST AVAILAIlE 

Eighth Annual 
Earl Warren Memorial Symposium 

May 5 - May 8,1987 

Each year Earl Warren College at UCSD presents a symposium hononng the 
achievements of Earl Warren, fOCUSi ng on a contemporary legal issue. This year's 
symposium examines the legal, social and ethical questions of corporate and 
governmental responsibility for wide·spread injury to the public and is enti tled, 
"Living and Dyi ng in an Unsafe World." 

Judge Miles Lord, retired Chief Judge of the Federal Court for the District of 
Mi nnesota is the major speaker. j udge Lord preSided over the AH.H. Robins' 
Dalkon Shield litiga tion and the States V. Reserve Mining Co., involVing the 
pollution of Lake Superior with asbestos-like fibers. 

L987 Warren Symposium acti vi ties wi ll include the following. and all are free to 
UCSD students and faculty as we ll as to the public: 

May 5 & 6 

May 7th 

8:30·9:00 a.m. 
9:15-10:35 a.m. 

10:" 5- 12 noon 

1:00·3:00 p.m. 

May 8th 
8 :00 p.m. 

judge Lord will meet with a number of UCSD undergraduate 
and graduate classes concerned with contemporary legal 
issues, medical and business ethics, and social problems. 
All activities will be held in UCSD's Mandeville Ce nter. Special 
invitations were sent to San Dlcgo area high school seniors in 
honors and/ or gove rnment classes , and approximately two 
hundred high school students will patticipate in the May 7th 
act ivities. 
Rcglstration and Refreshments 
Panel on "Living and Dying in an Unsafc World" with judge 
Lord , moderator, a medical researcher. a businessman, a 
biomedical ethics professor, and a poli tical science professor. 
Discussions will be jointly led by UCSD MedicalSchool faculty, 
UCSD fac ulty and local attorneys. Symposium patt icipantswill 
discuss such topics as: the limi ts of genetic engi neering, 
"corporate malpractice." nuclear war and the legal system, 
control of hazardous and !Oxic substances, and the safety of 
prescription drugs and medicine. 
A Moot Court will dramatize a product liabil ity case illustrating 
ISSUCS of the sympOSium theme. 

Tuesday, May 5 
Canyonview 

The UCSD Outdoor equipment Rental 
SeMce will also be seiling some eX Its 
'rental equipment' at YfJtY reduced rotes. 
M opportunity to buy, sell Of trade 
outdoor equipment and clothing. this 
event Is open to the general public so 
Invtte your friends and neighbors. 

protective clothing 
I: 

: ~ . .. 
, 

In 100 Pe terson I Jall .Judge Lord will prese nt the 1987 DeWitt 
Higgs Lecture, "Corporate ResponSibility." Immedia tely 
follow1I1g the lecture , a reception for Judge Lord wi ll be he ld a l 
the UC D ., hird CllIlrge Cafeteria. ho ted by the an Diego 
ChJptcr of the American ivtl Liberties Ullion . campus recreation 

details at Canyonvlew Athletics 
and Recreation Office 

OffTce of Campus Recreation 
403 7 PhySical Education Dept. 

... ___ -01 



• L 

• 

ACADEMIC SIRVICES 
MONDAY-I'RIDAY 
IlOO _4100 ..... - SlGI PWS. Systems of ImeraalVe 
GuIdanCe .Yld InformatIon IS a computer-oased progr~m 
01 career InformatIOn oeslgned to help you clan'" your 
51<1115. values and ocrupaoonal Interests FOf more 
InformatK)n. come to Carl~er 5eMces Center. 
1 aJO ,.........00 ..... - DROP-IN AOIIISING HOURS For 
help finding desirable part-tIme empJoymenr. dererm""ng 
career goals. ~iWchng lor jobs or explonng professional 
or graduate school opportUflI[les. No appotntmer>t 
n«essary • .JUst walk-In. career ServIces Cenw. 
MONDAY 
11100 _ - INTERVIEWING SKIU5 WORKSHOP: Do 
you need hefp In preparIng lor job Interviews 7 Career 
Services Center WIll prOVIde ops on the best ways to 
present your qualifications and wnat klf1.d _of Interview 
questions to expect. . 
lUDDAY 
10100 .111 - O N CAM ERA PRACTICING 
INTERVIEWING SkIU5 -- Sharpen your InreMeWing 
skills by Seetng and hearing yourself on VIdeOtape. Receive 
IeedbaCk from o ther job ~ers in ths group WOfI<shOp 
PrereqUIsite: ImervielNlng SkIlls workshOp. 
2:00 pm - Insiders WIll trade Information about 
opporturotio in the world 01 hIgh finance. Investments 
and money management. 
WEDNDDAY 
10100 _ - THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP 
learn hOw to construct a state-of-the-art resume that Vlllil 
make you stand out from the crowd. Career Services 
Cenrer. 
1100 pili - ON-CAMPUS INTERVI EWING 
ORIENTATION: II you ~re Interested In partICIpatIng If1 
the Career ServICes Center's on-campus inteMeWIng 
progam ths quarter. ~ IS mandatOf}' that you attend one 
of those orlentatK)ns before you IntervH!W. Career ServICes 
Center 
THUISOAY 
2110 pili - GRADUATE SCHOOl OPPORTUNITIES 
FOR BiOlOGY, CHEMISTRY AND BIOENGINEERING 
MI'UORS -- A faculty panel WIll dtscuss qualifications 
and hOw to choose among a variety of programs. 
SIRVICES/WORKSHOPS 
MONDAY 
UIC»-hoo pili -lETGO OFSTRESSANDRElAX. For 
all UCSD students, this group IS desIgned to teach 
methOds of relaxlng.Yld dealing with stress whch can be 
used for a lIfetime TechnIQUes WIll include breaUlIng 
exerCISes, bio""'dback. progressive relaxation. autogeniC 

tralnln~ gUIded Imagery. medItation. sell-hypnosis and 
tIme managemenr. Led by Iz>y Lerman .Yld DenISe Duke. 
call Becca ill 534-3755 for Informat"'" .Yld Slgr>-up. 
l1C»-21OO pili - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE 
EATING. A focused 8 sessK)n group aImed at ""proving 
one's reiatlonshp WIth food and eating halllts. Led by 
Karla Materna and peer counselor. Call Karla at 534-0256 
for If1formatK)(1 .Yld Slgr>-Up. Will meet at 1003 HL 
z.oo.l:OO pili - love IS beautIful, romantic. greater 
than most things you Icnow. And It IS also paInful; 
espeoally when u~ned pregnancy ocrurs. Come to 
the 81rth Control Info SessK)(1, and keep love beautrful. 
2nd Floor lounge, Student Health. 
2JOO.11OO ..... - MULTICULTURAl FORUM : A weekly, 
Informal group Iocused on the dlscUSSK)rl ..-.d exploration 
r:I beliefs, attItudes and experience of 1ndM<1Jals and 
groups within a mulorultural, muluetlYllc enVIronment 
Interpersonal extlanges will be conducted within an 
iIIIT10Sphere of mutual respect In order to promote 
personal growth iYld development. Led by Dan Munoz. 
Rochelle Bast"'" and Philp Raphael. Student Center Bldg., 
8, Conference Room 

~IOO-'" pm - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE 
EATING: Ths group IS for students Who WIsh to gIVe up 
their obsessK)n w~h food and whO desire personal 
growth Journal wntlflg. psychological testIng and 
reedDack. and relaxation and Image.)' work will be used 
led by Beverly HarJU. Call Beverly at 534-3987 for 
InformatK)n .Yld slgr>-up. 302 WC. 
4IC»-5:oo pili - Don't mlSS"-' exCIting dsruSSK)n wllh 
ChrIS Blby, Nurse praOIIK)(1er from UCSO Med Center, at 
the DIabetic Support Group MeetIng. 2nd Floor, Swdent 
Health 
5100-6:10 p ... - RECOVERING FROM EATING 
DISORDERS/GROUP II Thos group IS for women whO are 
obsessed WIth weIght control, Who may alternawt!y 
binge, last or vom~ , .Yld who wanl to move toward 
recovery In a supportive and caring group. led by lorraine 
Watson and Karla Materna callLDrralne at 534 -1 725 for 
Informat"," ..-.d Slgo-Up. At 1003 HL 
.... 1110 pili - The AsI..-. Paofic Nliance Is bringing a 
cornm.Jroty speaker to speak on the status of AsIan PacIfic 

Is~s '" teday's society. 
TUisoAy 
All 0.., - SEED IStudents EncouragIng EducaMn.Yld 
DeveIopmentl IS providng a table to answer questions 
IIId lID ~ rIdIn Ibr ~ '87 SIn OlIgo lID Los 
AngIIB IiIIIIr • J.IrrlISlh. fnOy _Is ss. DIIIn:e Is 80 
mill Ibr Ihr one dIy • . Money wi! gil lID 0lI _ 
grassroots devetopment projea In T~uana and to other 
OJerseas Development Network programs. AI Revelle 
Plaza. 
9100-10100 __ - TEST ANXIETY WORKSHOP: Do you 
El4*1a ..... hWllMI d :-=~ or cUIng,_7 
1hIs wolallUP wi! .. "Its wi! 111m IDN II) 
reduce anxiety. gaIn confidence, and improve 
performance on tests. led by Pat 8raden. At Hl 1003. 
Noolt' 1100 pM -In a QUICk paced schOol like UCSD, lIfe 
can be aazy sometimes. You've got to learn hOw to handle 
stress. Ths really has notIlIng to do WIth BIrth Control. but 
I JUSt can't write a good ad under all the stress this week 
So come anyway, please7 The BIrth ContI'ollnfo Center. 
AI. the Student Health Center 2nd Floor lounge. 
2100-):15 pili - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE 
EATING' Ths group" for students Who WISh to gIVe up 
their obsesSK)(1 with food and Who desire personal 
growth Led by Iz>y lerm..-.. call Izzy at 534-3585 for 
Information and SIgn up. At 2126 HSS 

~000 pili -ADULT CHILDREN OFAlCOHOlICS: 
Adult chla-en of alcohOlICS IACAI often may unknowingly 
recreate past relatlOflShIp patterns, espeoally In their 
roman tIC lives. TheIr romances roller coaster through 
explosIVe storms and Inornate blISs. AlthOugh they are 
typICally confident and self-dlrected they are reluctant to 
express ""'lings and iWe sensitIVe to others' Gltiosms and 
praise Led by Pat Braden. call Pat at 534-3755 for 
Information and slgl-up. Will meet at 1003 HL 
4100 pili - RegentS' leCturers Claude Royet-Journard 
.Yld Emmanuel Hocquard will lecture on -French POetry 
Today," 9ven in French with English translations. 
Sponsored by the DepartrnenI of uterature. The MIChel de 
Certeau Room, TCHB 142. 
4<».100 ..... - PERSON TO PERSON' THE ART OF 
EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION: ThIS four- week 
v..orkshOp will provide Information about effectIVe 
communICatiOn, exploration 01 partICIpants ' 
communICation Styles and iYl opportunity to Improve 
skills. Led by Karla Materna and lorraine Watson. call 
Becca at 534-3755 for informatK)n and Slgr>-Up. 1003 HL 
WEDNESDAY 
11000 _ - ARE YOU INTERESTED IN JAZZ? Come to 
the lXlIlIet'sity Even! MuSIC Committee meeting and get 
Involved in ths year's "AI~Carnpus Jazz Festivall" We 
wam your Inputlll 
Noort-loOO pili - It is two o'dock in the morrvng. Do 
you haVe your 81rth Control DeviCes re~ Just In case a 
gorgeous looking extra-terrestrial being comes doWn 
from a UF07 Well, better safe than sorry. The BIrth 
ConI:rol Inlo Sessionl At the 2nd noor lounge 01 Student 
Health. 
':00-2:10 pili - ADULT CHILDREN OF AlCOHOLICS' 
Adult chldren of alcohOlics IACAI often may unknowingly 
recreate past relatK)n5h1p patterns, especially In their 
romantIC lIves Their romances roller coaster through 
explosIVe storms and InOrnate bliss. NthOugh they are 
rypr<:ally confident and sell-dlreaed, they are relUCtant to 
express feelings and are sensitIVe to others' critiCISms and 
praIse led by Pat Braden. call Pat at 534-3755 for 
Information and sql-UP. 1003 HL 
4:00-5:10 pili - LESBIAN/BISEXUAl WOM EN'S 
DISCUSSION GROUP: A group for women dlSruSSlng 
relatIVe ISSUO. femInISm. peer pressure, being gay In a 
straIght enwonment led by Kathy, 534-2023. Women'S 
Resource Center. 
4<10 pili - Regents ' leCturers In the ~partment of 
literature Claude Royet-Journard and Emmanual 
Hocquard 19""'" In French WIth EnglISh translationsl· 
ReceptK)(1 to lollow. 
6:»-a.oo pili - GAY/8ISEXUAl MEN'S SU'PORT 
GROUP: ThIS is a support group for gay/bilexua! men or 
men who iWe JUst exploring their sexuality. The group IS 
held In a confidential Setting and is facilitated by two male 
peer counselQ(s. Led by DemetrIUs and Scon. 
Il00-10100 pili - GAY HElPliNE. ConfidenUai phOne 
COlJn~lIng on gay-reiated ISsues. call 534-GAYS. 
THURSDAY 
_,000 .... - You shOuldda listened to Mom when 
she told you to eat your sptnach. Women need Ironl1hat·s 
a tactl The Well Woman session is fuN of such facts on 
nutrition, sex. and disease prevention. Get the facts - at 
the W~I Woman Session. 2nd Floor, Student Health 
Noort-l:OO pili - APSA IS having ~ ·Career Oily:' 
Come iW1d lis ten to fellow Asian- PacIfic Islanders speak on 
their experiences In engineering. eO.JcatK)(1, etc. At the 
South Conference Room. 
1100-4110 pili - "lCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
GRCllJ' FOR WOMEN. Women students of any age or 
"'stol)' with substances are welcome. Led lly Sara Arrayo 
.Yld Debllle Allen Call Sara at 534-3875 lor Information 
and sign-up. Will meet In HSS 2105. 
._ pili - Regents' leCturers In the ~partment of 
l,terature Claude Royet-Journard and Emmanuel 
HocQuard WIll speak on -American Texts and Readers: " a 
IectUle/dlsrusslOf1Of1 the relauonshp betWeen American 
Poetry and recent French wrItIng. A t TCHB 142. 
4:OO-SIJOplll - SUPPORT GROUP FOR BLACK 
ItQMEN A weekly support group for Black women 
Igrawale or undergradJatel foruSlng on personal, 
Interpersonal and academiC ISSUes led by Rochelle 
Bastien. Call ROChelle ill 534-3035 for Information. Third 
College ~an's Office. 
•• 10 pili - Off-Campus HouSIng WorkshOp' A panel of 
experts WIll dIScuss hOw to find a place 10 live, Policies and 
Rental RegulillK)(15, legal aspects, Vlewpo!nrs on houSIng 
IIlestyles, student l'lJUt on variOUs locatK)(1s Ouestlon 
and answer perods At lhe North Conference Room, 
Studenl Cenrer BuIlding A 
6 :»L-GO pili - CD-SEXUAl DISCUSSION GROUP A 
dlsrussK)n group lor the ber",f,l of gay and IlIsexual men 
and women led by Kathy and Demelrlus W,ll meet at WC 
412 
fRIDAY 
12:10-2:00 pili - ADULT CHILDREN OF 
AlCOHOLICS Famtly members o f alcorolles dNeiop 
char (tCtenSlIO of the dl~ease I h,:n (tlJ5e c:l vanely 0 ' 
prOOiems. "l<ludlng depresslOI1, low sell e>lt'em, denldi Of 
feelIngs. unhealthy ","male relallOm"p>, and add,UIVC 
behaviors led by Janel Farrell and.Je1f ..bne> Call Janet 31 
534-3755 Of .Jeff dl 5340254 for InlOlmallon 1003 HL 
2:00-4100 pili - AlCOHOL AND SUBS TANn ABUSl 
GROUP II you've ever asked "Do I have a problem r 
thane .... are Ihdt you dI:J have a few thngs to talk aoout 
Studenls 01 any age or hlStOI)' VVlIII substdncf' Jre 
welcome led by Dan MUngl and IJebtIe Allen call Dan 
dt 534- 1579 for In.rmatlon ... xl >.grup W,ll mrt't al 
Revelle PrOVOSt', OlllCe 

.... GIOUS PUNCTIONS 
MONDAY 
7100 pM - Join us at Asian-American Christian 
Fellowshp tOfllght. Revelle Formal LDunge. 
TUUDAY-l'RlDAY 
SlOG .... - CathOlic Mass. Sponsored by the cathOioc 
Commur>ty at UCSO. In the UrwerSlty Lutheran Church, 
9595 La ..I:J11a Shores, aaoss from Revelle College. 
TUUDAY 
7100-Il00 pm - UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRIES 
sponsors a mtr>-llIbIe st~ every Tuesday eve.-.ng. For the 

CfYlS~iW1 In a hurry. come.Yld join with other students for 
thIS one hour of st~ and fellowship. I/efrestvnents. All 
serious seekers are welcome. Meets in South Conlerence 
Room StlJden( Center Buildng B. 
7000 .... - Tuesday NIght DIscussions. Spedal panel on 
AIDS will be held May 5 at USD. Please call 534-2521 ldayl 
or 453-1855/evenlngllor iniormatK)rl and resevations. AI 
the LnIverSity Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores, 
across from Revelle College. cathOtic lounge. 
WEDNDDAY 
7:00 pili - BIble study SporlSOfed by the llJtheran 
Commuroty at UCSD. Everyone IS welcome. "t the 
UnIVersity lutheran Church. 9595 La ..vila Shores, across 
from Revelle College. I 
9tJO pili - candlelight Mass. Sponsored by the cathOlic 
Student Coordinators at UCSD. "QUIet, medjtative time 
for sharing with others. In the Uwersity Lutherarl Church. 
9595 La Jolla Shores, across from Revelle College, 
tHURSDAY 
5045 ..... - The Thursday DInner. All YOU CAN EATI 
HomEmade food and great corJl>anY Sponsored by the 
catholic Student Coordin..ttors. AI. the Lnlverslty Lutheran 
Church, acress from Revelle College, in the catholic 
LDunge . 
SAlUIIDAY 
s:oo ..... - CathOlic Mass. Sponsored by the cathOlic 
Commurvty at UCSO. Lnlverslty lutheran Church. 9595 
La Jola Shores Drive, aaoss from Revelle College. 
SUNDAY 
a.oo _ & 10100 _ - Episcopal Church Worship 
ServK:e: Sunday Eucharist and Parish felloWship. Good 
Samaritan Episcopal Church, 4321 Eastgate Mall. across 
Genesee from east end of campus, north of La Jolla \i1llage 
Drl\le, InterseclK)n 01 Eastgate Mall and Grnesee. 
1110 _ - cathOlIC Mass. Sponsored I¥ the cathOlic 
COnYllUnlty at UCSO. LnlVerslty Lutheran Church. 9595 
la JoIa Shoro Drl\le, across from Revelle College. 
9145 _ - PANCAKE BREAKFAST: Enjoy pancakes, 
bacon. fruit salad and great company! Meet other catholic 
students and the whole community. Sponsored by the 
CathOlic Student Coordinators. At the l.kliverslty Lutheran 
Church FREEl 
10100 __ - lutheran worshp servIces led by campus 
Pastor Jom Huber. Open to ~. Refreshments are 
served and BIble study follows. U1iverSlty Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La ..vila Shores Drive, across from Revelle 
College . 
11100 _ - Catholic Mass. SponSOfed by the Catholic 
Coomuroty at UCSD. LnlVerslty !,utheran ChUrch. 9595 
la JoNa Shores Drl\le, aaoss from Revelle College. 
5000 ..... - cathOlic Mass. SpOOSOfed by the CalhOllc 
Cornmur>ty at UCSD. LnlVerSlty Lutheran Church, 9595 
La Jo.a Shores Drrve, across from Revelle College. 
IlKllIATION 
TUUDAY 
7000 ..... - APSA WIll be shOVVInQ "A Great Wall." Ths 
comedy-drama re\lOllies around a ChInese AmerICan 
family expenendng cullure shOCk When they travel to 
Chna. It's runny and altlCally acclaImed. AI HlIl4B. Free. 
WEDNESDAY 
.. 00-1110 pili - N'SA WIll be having a Sush WorksfWI 
You'll have lhe opporluroty to learn how to make >ush. 
Freshnen ..-.d sophomores get first prIOrIty. RSVP as soon 
as posSIble At the Inlernatonal Center. 
tHURSDAY 
4000 ..... - AIkido deroonstratK)n by Sates" Takamorl, 
3rd degree blackbelt and InstrUCtor al Sunset CllfisAlkldo. 
Flrsl class IS MOnday, May II. new students welcorne 
rltness rOOnl 
7:. pili - Dark Sial', UCSO's SCIence FlCtK)rl and 
Fdrlta>y Club, pre>ents the movIe -SIlent RunnIng." 
AdrOl"lOn " fiee At TlH 107 
FRIDAY 
9:00 ".....' :00 _ -APSA" hd\IlrIQlts l6thAmwe.SiW)' 
Spnng Dance to ~nlShoff AsIan Awareness WeeklAllhe 
Rev lie Cafelena rree 
SATURDAY 
7100 pili - r alem and I <lShlOrl S#lOW SPCU'I>Ored by lhe 
Sang<lm Inaill1 (IuD, fedtullllQ Iradmonal Illdlan brlcktl 
tostumes At TlH 104, free 
SATURDAY/SUNDAY 
IlOO _Il00 pili - Sungod IndOOr Soccer Festllldi. 6 
men/women teams - SID per team. 

Timeout 
Padre pitchelS are 
good whinelS 

While 1M PadJa, and ~5pecia1y Ed Whitson, havt be~n giving up an 
astoUnding amount of home-runs, th~ San DI~., pitchers havt been quick 
with ~xcuses. "Th~ ban is jumping this yelr: said Whitson. "In fael, in 13 
years of playing ban, this is me most I've seen baDs ., out of th~ park. I 
think th~y're reaDy hopped up," 

Added Dave DraVttky: "You don't want to make excuses for giving up 
home NIlS, but there's an awfu110t oflif~ in thallitde ban this year." And 
Andy Hawkins said, "There have been more opposlle-ft~1d hom~rs this 
year than I can remember. lfl had to vote, rd say they were (mol'!: lively). 

For some reason though, the Padl'!: batters have yet to feel the effects of 
these new "super" basebaDs. While th~ learn has given up 37 hom~rs, th~y 
have hit only 12 th~mselves, 

Itc. aa IOIIIC of the less than accurale predictions from th~ world of 
spans, taken from Sportswk, 

A New Yen Times critic, afler seeing the first live lelecut of a sportina 
event. "It's difficult to see how this sort of thing can catch the public 
fmcy: 

Monday, May 4, 1987 21 

Tris Speaker, former manager of the Clevtland Indians, on Babe Ruth: 
"Ruth made a gravt mistake Wh~n he gave up pitching, Working once a 
week. he might havt lasred a long time and become a great star." 

These fana at Saturday'S baseball game appear to be Impressed with the action. 

jimmy Powers, editor of th~ New Yen Ddlly News after jaeki~ Robinson 
signed with the Dodgers: "Robinson wtI not make the grade in th~ major 
Jeacues. He's a thousand-t(H)M shot It best. The Negro players simply 
don't have the brains or the skiDs." 

IlCjoaaand Pat IOey havt ~r been giv~n th~ respect they d~se('yt 
when it comes to chOOSing the NM's CoaCh of the Year. It is a common 
belief that they just put their talenled turns on the COUIt and watch them 
win. Riley makes sense when he conaasts the sin..tion to that of th~ NFL. 
"MiIGe Dldca and BID Parcels were named Coach of the Year in the NFL," 
he saki. "But in baskelbal, if you have th~ best record, you're not even 
considered." 

Baseball 
Coftdaued from ... 19 
single, a RBI double by jimenez, 
and an enor that should havt 
~nded the inning, 

Four more carn~ in th~ sixth 
with Glen Turnipseed .md Fessla 

g~tting th~ big hits. 
The wins were th~ ninth and 

lenth in a row for UcSD, who al'!: 
12-1 in division DI play, the best in 
th~ westrm region. Th~ywill playa 
doubl~-head~r al Clair~mont 
W~dnesday and, Ih~n, in al 
probability, will fac~ ~V~rn~ again 
in three out of ftv~ series. 

Th~ winners of that seri~s will go 
to Ohio for the diviSion UI coDeae 
world series. 

Yales said that wins should give 

UCSD homefield advanrag~ in that 
series, 'We havt a legitimatle 
collegia Ie size park and our infield 
is much better (than laVerne's): 
he said. 

There is concem, however, that 
laVerne wiD be given the home 
field advanrage. despitle their 
inferior record and facility, 
because their ceech is on the 
national board. Ii:I 

"c> La Jo". Village Square 
~I '.', \ Dental Group otr.n You: r::J · Cosmetic Bonding • VISa or Mastercard Now HIrIng! . '" • Evening Appts. • Instant Insurance • Stereo He~hones Evaluation 

_ • Nitrous Oxide • Student Discounts 
• 24 Hr. Emergency ServIce 

INTRODUCTORY OFFER CarliJr. 
EXAM & CLEANING 

ONLY 
Includes: 129 
Cle.Y1ing & FbUsting. ~wing X-Ifa)'s, Oral cancer Exam iWld f'rillate ConsuUtion. ~Iar S74. 

0Iha edlD, ... d ..... "_lay .nd ... 01 UCSD 
Thomas K. Duncan, D.D.S, Inc. Member: ADA. CDA. soe:DS, Delta Dental 

8861 VIII. u Jotl. Dr., Suite 501 

455-9151 

looking' for all shifts 
part-time and full time 

positions available. 
6788 Miramar Rei. • 271-4480 

Mon.-Fr1. 2 PM - 5 PM (ask for Mark) 

&M'" ~ 
...a ~ 
!111m .,., 
... 

_ .. 

UNCL 
Council Travel Services 

. , 

..... ~ 1"00. 

.~' . ilia Ul. .. -... III\;. 
-

.. ...-: IlL 
,.. ~ . fIL. 
I'11III ~uu "'--., 
.-

PIl , 

HURRY! 
SPACE GOING 

FAST! 
Bali ..... , .. , .... $850.00 rt 
Allulalld .......... $699.00 rt 
Tahiti ..... , ... . .. $588.00 rt 
LA./Lolldoll/Athert~ ,. $740.00 rt 
Tokyo . ... , . ...... $549.00 rt 

What if 
you dont get 

into the 
grad school 

otyour choice? 
Of~, you may get into 

another school, but why settle? 
~ fOr the lSAT. GMAT. 
GRE, MCAT or any grad school 
entraJ1ce exam with the best test 
prep organization- Stanley H. 
J(apIan. 

For nearly 50 years, Kaplan's 
test-taking techniques have pre-
pared OWl' 1 million students for 
admission and licensing tests of 
all kinds. So call. Why go to just 
any grad school , when you 

=1 SlANlEYH KAPlANf III'IONAI (fNlQllO 
The worlds leading 

test prep organization. 

4780 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92177 

(619) 277-6744 

GOLDS 
CYM. 
PACIFIC BEACH 

Expanding Once Again! 
We will be adding tanning 
beds & cardiovascular con-
ditioning equipment 

riEiiifFOI-'-H-E"-1 
I BEACH SPECIAL 
! :N~:S, SSB!! L _________ _ 

COED FITNESS It BODYBun.DING 
4615 M1ss1on Bay Drive, Pac111c Beach 

(Just south 01 Garnel, behind Burger ICing) 

W;OpeD 7 dap per ,...t cmd most boUdap ~r ' - i. BUSINESS HOURS: Monday-Fliday: 6 a .m.-IO p .m . " Saturday-5unday: 8 a ,m.-9 p.m. CALL (619) 272-3400 ~IIII.L 
, ". A lk»nMe ot Gok1'. QJIII Emerpdla VerUce CA 



22 Monday. Mav 4. 1987 

It U IVERSITY BOOKSTORE ¥l 

ON ALL REGULARLY PRICED MERCHANDISE INCLUDING 
GIFTS, CLOTHING, GENERAL BOOKS 
AND SCHOOL & OFFICE SUPPLIES! 

(ALSO, GREATER DISCOUNTS ON SELECTED ITEMS!) 
(excluding - computers, computer software, calculators, medical & technical books, and sale merchandise) 

The f . 
Record Sale ' 

is back! 
Come choose the selectionsJC~ 
from your favorite artists in ~ 

,~ 
~~«:~~~ 

(PRICES START AT 1.98 - RECORDS & CASSETTES) 

. , It M-F 7:45A-5:15R AT.10:00A-4:00P ¥l 

Monday. May 4. 1987 23 

It UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
I 

(t!(o)lMIlI if IA\IKJI £lIDW IA\OOY IA\@iIl (¢)~ (GJRlJl£ Y ~£ wnOO@j~ ROO 
irwm 

ctJDlIJBIAll, m®®)~ IDllJllAIRn-mmm ~ 

20% OFF - Children's books - Cook books 
- New University Press titles 
- Soc ial sc iences 
- Fiction/Li terature 
- Travel 
-Business 
-and all other General Book subject areasl 

OTHER SPECIAL OFFERS INCLUDE 
-Sale Books. Priced As Marked. 

AND 
-Selected V ideo Cassettes Featuring 

. Mus ic, Travel, & Shakespearel 

Save Up To 40% SELECTED T£~TBOOrS ARE 
NOW DRASTICALLY On Selected-

-UCSD T-SHIRTS 
-STATIONARY PRODUCTS 
-GIFTS & NOVELTIES 

also 

-SPEEDO GOGGLES 
. & 

ACCESSORIES 

REDUCEDI 

-Foreign Titles 
-One-Of -A -Kind Books 
:-Old Editions and 
-Some Used Booksl 

Regularly priced $1 - $50 
NOW 

MARKED 
DOWN 

T·O 
$0.25 - $20 I~' 

It ·CLOSED UNDAYS & HOLIDAYS a ' . 

., . 



24 Monday, May 4, 1987 

a n ................. ." .Ifwa&ll 
lIa ............. ...-- #1 • ..tII ... ... 
............. '9 ...... ... 

~ ............. __ ._ .. n. ... ,. 
..... I .... 1Ir ...... qllrlllulW--
................. ...... ." .... .. 
................ __ ....... diedr 
• __ ... n. UCID aua .. ". ,._ ... ." 
,..... DII __ .. 4 .......... 'nIuridIW'1 
,..,. 4 ... ~ .......... =_' 1t;e 
..... ---............... ~. 
...... ~ ...... ~ ........... ,., 
-.- ............. n. ........ 
uaa. .... "- ...... CA ..... 

Announcements 

1ft)lOU IIOred7 ~ not CDme to Ihr InbmII sararty"'" 
/'lite: MIy 5. 7:JO In PHl08. 15/4/ 

AItn III CDIm'IIIIS'SI Free kJnct1 • cnr w.-ren PrtM:IIt 
Cor*rencr IIDom • 1:00 pm on MondIy. ~ 41 15/4/ 

TEXl800IC READtNG ttB ~ nI!fl 7:00-8:00, 
l10gI HIlI 1102. For mew .",,"\IIb. on Allure 
WIOfbtqII. ell 534-3760. 1614/ 
HamaIecuIIs ~ IHA/ - fVe )IOU dIsAIIIonecI 
wilt! Ihr 9IY ~7 .Jesus Christ pr'O\IIdB .. w.y CXL 
HA Is .. 0Ytsarr ~ at men Rwomen who 1ft 
CDITINa8d to support eft InOCher to II\ote In teedDm tom 

~andtocllaM!rltW ~1derCIty. 
ell 579-8410. ISl7/ 

\IA:Hnen's ~ .... ilttaa SIt MIy 9 FREEl 
IIreIIdat R Unct11nduded. To sq, up or b men Intl 
ell 5*-20U 15/1/ 

"..,.. I'Iteded b c:ourcy at SO ~ and Und lM 
DIpnnent . AssSt cnr Ish R wIIctIIIP aMsoIy 
Cor. I lilului L For mew Wo. conr.t Age) ~ cnr 
~ In Ihr SIldnt Cents'. 15/4/ 

ASIO WM'iIS ID ItWlk ~ who suppor1Ied their spud 
_ • cnr Ih!nIBsan Fiilre. It w. , sucms.s IhIr*s ID 
)IOU. Tha1k )'OUII15I4/ 

Came Dy out b IN UCSD AInlI*J Tetm iring your 
c.IICIII and I "...,. rcM*1e to IN rIC.,. sa. ~ 9 •• 
9:JO ft. ISl4' 
Mil\T IS __..., Jain &a b .. -*'101 ..... 
" I • • ItIIIawaf IW .. ",.,... , I: 1 1M .... 
"'-dIy 6.15. K. I" N2S Man or-.. 
ANGa.A Ql\VIS to JpIIk on The ......, and IN 
1IbIIQI: ~ -.,a In IN 1910's. FW&andapln 
to IN puDIc sa. ~ 9, 7 pm ........ HlllIOI.ISl7I 

Penonals 
AIIIrnIIM IJIst)e c:IIso.IS1Ion ~ seeb pddpIntL 

~ IcIIIIIs. ~ M1g. ~...".."., 
~ .... SUJlPOIUW CiesUIIt erMrunmer1t Aft. 58f-
1110. /614/ 

CRfATM SI"OffmIIIfAR Cl.IIIOm printing on T-st*1s. 
s~ etc. wilt! your ~ ~ 
~ pnca~ Anctj-4S2-804-7. /614/ 

c.w 'PI ~ In Ihr 1Na'r. - seu.t. 1614/ 

The bIIroom ~ cab. dBSes In -'tz. r.'IgO. swing. 
etc. FrI. Sun. 7-11 s~ a.ld UIpeS. 40-4860, 27HOS2. 
277-5555. 15/4/ 

TNrd snonl ~ ~ on _ roN. Ihr 
DM'i's oIIIc2. 150 act\. 1614/ 

The~ lNTERN5l*I'ROGItAM Is sdl «apdng 
~~.b.",..."ar. __ Somtollhr ..... 
"....,.,. are In lint R appIId.u. cIraI and IIbb 
prehe"th professions ",*rs. .,.,.INI Studies. 
.ClI~. P'\ISbl and lit JdencIS and IocII 
gowrm;rc. 406 'Mmn C.,.,.a. 15171 

BKllOGY M4JORS -~ and taaA:y D1scn 
...... UC50 MId SdDII and MId Center. 1f)'CU 
IWoIe Wii4*"lEd tiodle.-,. and gInIUa 'j04J c:.l lit In 
.,.,. qwt;ere. AcadIrNc ~ ~ 406 
wamrr ~ 15/71 

w.. mew tom your CDIege ~7 FInd ~ how • 
InI:IrmIl SorarIy!nlb Me: MIy 5, 7:JO In PH 108 15/4/ 

Hey IIOr). ~'s .. frft Iunctt tt WImI't81 • 1:00 on 
MDn MIy 4 • cnr \II..,.., PrtM:IIt Carl. room. 15/4/ 

~5ony to see u gol I 1oIIe)'OU. I L.o\,1Ie)'CU1 XOXQ)(O 
ICEITH. 15/4/ 

......................................... 1 

. 'The Best Selection Of Billabong. Gorcha. Quiksiltlef .. . etc . • , 
at 

213 2 A~nida de la Playa. 
LaJoUa 456-2777 

i 

111ET'IIIHlltllllllllllIIIIIIIllIUIIIIIIIIIHIIHIIHUIIlIUlIIIIlIlI_UIl.,HIIIIHI'IS&.----___ ... 

SIGAM NU: ar.. vtaDIy fMI neE. ChdInII SIDaIy In Ihr 
iNIdngI Don't .. Ihr mae 15141 
Good Uilto III IN GNIb CUIng Cifwet .. _ .. 
QNaan PI. 1!l4' 

• yoAIre ~ In Mig In • JlwW'lII1ot'Oi ..... IIy 
IN~.'re~~' .tbr .......... .. 
87/11)'M' b men InIo 1311 En 45 .. 1708. 1S14' 

To my CIt ... brQ. rm sdl~)QA. good UcIc on 
your soccer gIfM. ~ BIg Iio. ISl41 

LM IIr .. JIWW; WIly • IiIW't .'re ~ 
1IPP'k*b- b ~ and 87/11)'M'. For IIiIft InIo. 
1514, 

"r dIu-hId .. good lime • 'PI .. meeting. s.rnrNe. 
let's rae Greek \IIIeefd ~ rt.dl15/4/ 

Freel! Come see Ihr U'1IIauctiIIIIe • Ihr Sl.fII GOO 
FESTIVAL MIy & l.fty l.M'n IH2p. 15/4, 

To MIne I "The fht ~~ GiIIe,~, UuRto .. 1hr 
s8hn at PI 8eCa ~, -cneenr' COf9IIS on geaIng 
ctw1Iered and WIIc:arIie..,... From ~",...atPl ICIppI 
PhI. 1514/ 

Services 
~ MAs. LegII. Medal, Term.1I1J5H JOI5. 
MIne ~2180. /6/4, 

CRfATIVE Sf"OIrmIVEM a.8IDIn ~ on T-st*1s. 
s\1i~ ftC. wilt! your ~ ~ 
~-prices~ ~52-8047. /614' 

~TutDr~."" BasK. ~.,;dc. 
s!Vtr. Craig 4UIl58. 1614/ 

CIwptR word pnDIIIngI Sl/~ ~ 
115/""" tam dille b ~ pIpIn. 
FontJ. ...... and .. ...u. CraIg 49" 1614' 

\IIfORD PIIOCESSING. praII!uIonIl. 7-dIr \Me. tilt English 
sIdIs. SIud!nt fila ~l681 /614/ 

~ \MIrd pnxIISIng. reunes. arm PIPdS. ~ 
I'RlI!ssionIIIIIIt sava. SIudn prtca S41-a)20. 1514/ 

IKlRO PROCESSING: On ~ AIrIJ 437. rush joG 
UIken. IIoger LD. 455-97~ 1614/ 

\IIfORD 1'ROCESSINCi: $I.75/pg. F_ seW:e. J*jc 
up/detMeIy. SCudent disc. ~ I..aIreru. 535-0209. 
1614/ 

IXot)rd f'nxasIng. T)'PIn;. EdIlInQ. SCudat rae. Term 
PIP!' to cIsserUtIon. SeMng UCSo SQId!nIs IRe IfJ8I. 
F...,.. wilt! l1li s¥e rna1IMIs. ~ It! 'PPOInb'1el11n 
neRy L.J ..-. 454-6160. 1614/ 

rtPING: Fat. .aJnR. MInor ~ speII1g c:hedc 
Inc*Ided. RuIh OK. Terry 4~I289. 15/71 

TV CornrnerdiiI A&dtIcnI AM ~ needed. No 
epa Ie a neassay. Fee " seteaed. _ \/Ideo 581-
3209· 15/4/ 

AU. Student l)Png and word ~ II!sumes and 
wpII5. 5cudI!nt fila Elope Ie ICId. IIUIh ole - S»04 JO. 
1614' 

For Sale 

1975 Ford PInto. nn wei SlOOobo ---wind surfa'-2 
SIlls. boom. hImI!IS SlSOotIo all 453-4799. 15/7/ 

1980 Chev CUCIon. fJaIent 4 tk tDIdI. K. ps. pb,. 
aJIDmICIc. 4 QII. ~ Stereo. $1700 0I111st oIIIr. 587-
0524 ~~ or 578-9OJO - ~ 1!l7I 
1978 Che\Iy LIN I'IdIup ttudc IooIcs WHt nn IJ'&t -
Q.ISIDm rranor, 4 speIker SIIreo and more. It Is .. _giiIn 
tt ~ S24OO. c.II .Jon 45H7I2. 15/4' 

'n \l\llSug tt siiIe: runs gat. r'If!tN br..-s, 1Ires. reant 
I4toIe joe. eraIn rranor. c.rJ 45.w.J85. 15/71 

1983 Hon<M 650 SMrwIno w/F1Img mn. wnd. Only 
5000 miles moo 17 best. Cii1145&-I227. 15/4/ 

2 GmI!lJ' DMd till tt solie Sun M.y 10 • noon In 
MotUrey. c.N TIN. 4~0672 15/4/ 

o.k \mleer 1IooIcGae. Good Conctaon SI25 271-8109. 
15/4/ 

IlDcII* 8IQI n. IIoor .alan E lilt oI'IIIIr all ~ 45~ 
05tI6. 15/71 

VerpI MapId Not shill t)1pe. 2600 .... Good 
mncIdon. S225 or 1IIst oIIIw. c.II al);I557.IS/7I 

1984 Ford LTD ""' l.OIdIdI 14500 or belt z.u..6J49 
~IS/4' 

Housing 
• 

Student & Husky cycled Kross USA; need 
~quIII room w/yn. MIrtr L 259-"51.15/181 

GoIng w.j b .. sumner and ,.., SOi'IiICINto suIHI!t 
your ~11 an IooIdng b .. ON bIItaorI\ studio 
or .. sIWed two bIG'oom ~ ..... CII 0wtaIe 
455-99U 1514/ 

2 ..".,. ID shft ~ Pool. jKuul. and IftIdl 
1IiIft. MD\.te In mId-.lft. 1212.50 pM 14 Id. c:.I 455-
10M. 15/71 

IIaom b 1ft ",.. beG'Qom S266.25jrna pM 575 dip 
pM 14 Id. ...... rON C3II Ed b InIo 565-195). 1514' 

Nor1tI P • . II:lp Ioor ocewr \/lew • ~ _ 1 JIIIf. 
mile studInt b own room Sl75 CIII DIn or Wile 270-
4662.15/71 

For 1ft 2 bctm 2 bCh wndD III ....... 850 ~ ~ 
~ .... N1e IS 452-8277. ISl4/ 

MIle FOCIffIMIe ~ to shft 2 td'm wndD In SalIna 
IktI .a;g w/l ather peop. t ". o.t\ pool ..... 
jaoJIzI U4 71rror1ti pM 14 Id. CAlL !oW. 411-1951 no 
smoIIIr. 1!l7I 

MIle norwnIIr l'OOiilllSlt ~ to .... room In Di!f 
AtW.." CUt ON bIodc tam IIaIcti pool ...... 
".. ... b Of7 rna pM 14 idA SIIIIL IcIIIIpIIm b 
.caw p8'IOf'I ell !oW. or ArnIe .. 7951 M. 15/7J 

Now~ ~"'. bUllNfand8".~ 
to 1M In • .JIwih SIudn Coap CIII e...ItitIlWlt"" 
110815171 

\IIanIat mile to shift ,.".., beG'oom. Q65I1i01'11tVDII 
MIl' M'N all MIar IClin or SIiNr 259-tMI6. 1!l4/ 

Help Wanted 

\liMITED: MUst to des9'1 t1t*ts b r'If!tN JPCIIU'W8' 
~. ell "-'Y 4~ 4997llI5/4, 

EARN 1I' TO S8O/tY LIVING IN .N~ Send..,. 
erwIape to M~ I6l9 MencbchI 
IMie NewIIuIy Pn. CA 91320. 15/4, 

Wanted 
TV CornadIl AuIItIon5I AM l)'peS needed. no eoperle a 
necessay. lee WseIeCed. 581-3209. 15/4/ 

Lost and Found 
MIssIng sIra SIt rWgtI: JOt. blade ~ QIIe 
wnt.Iir*1g .... 12 Upes. Reward 546-,..,. 15/4/ 
LOST flU rimmed rNding gMues In IlriltlIlU QIIe. 
PIeae CII ChIrIoUe 454-9689. Itew.d. /5141 

Travel 
"'.ad 1J..e patnef tt .. surf/~ ~ ID 
8III/1ndDnBl1 all 481-018' all tt 0Md. 15/71 


