
UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21,1987 VOLUME 59, #1 

UCSD building and buying for the future 
Almost $500 million allocated 

By JAMES GILMORE 
SI41TWrtkr 

According to its Long Range Develop-
ment Plane, UCSD is committed to becom-
ing "one of the world's great universities." A 
quick stroll across the campus today would 
certainly confirm that; the sounds of con-
struction are never far off. Over the past 
couple of years the roughly 1.100-acre cam-
pus has experienced only the beginning of a 
program of development deSigned to accom-
modate the needs of its rapidly increasing 
campus population. 

Why the sudden spurt of growth? Ac-
cording to administrators the reasons are: a 
healthier state economy. lower interest rates, 
a growing campus population, expanding 
academic programs and a more dynamic 
administration. 

Whereas three years ago the university 
was planning to spend $27 million on new 
facilities , today that figure stands at $468 
million -two-thirds of which comes from 
various non-state sources. 

Previous demographic studies for the '80s 
had projected downturn in the enrollment 
based on the percentage of 18 to 25 year-
olds in the popufation. Unexpectedly, there 
was, instead, a 50 percent increase in col-
lege participation. More people began to 
invest in college education. For UCSO, that 
translates inm a new projected maximum 
student enrollment of roughly 27,500 for the 
year 2020 and perhaps one of the largest 
building programs of any university in the 
nation. 

Accordina to Assistant Vice Chal!,cellor 

t: 

for Design and Construction Charles Pow-
ers ,. for the neXl ten years there will be a 
steady program of development across cam-
pus which will be particularly intense over 
the next two years, "basically doubling the 
size of the university from what was here a 
year ago. 

A new design scheme has evolved. Instead 
of the original intent of providing a 'cluster 
center' for each individual coUege, the uni-
versity has designated the Central Library to 
become the focal point of the campus and 
its central reference point. And the original 
plan calling for the creation of a total 0' 
twelve colleges has been changed to allow 
for only six. 

Work is to begin next year on the $36 
million Central Library expansion, which 
will double its current capacity. 

Construction on the $18.6 million Uni-
versity Center, which began last spring, will 
continue behind the muraled walls tempo-
rarily encircling the site southeast of the 
Central Library. 

- Much to the delight of faculty , the Ida and 
Cecil Green Faculty Clu~ should open i 
December. Faculty will be able to relax over 
"cold one" and admire the Sun God. 

Due for completion next May, the massive 
Engineering Unit BuUc:liai I wtll be the.. 
largest bUilding on campus. At a cost or 
$46.1 million. itwiUbetM mainllnlCNI1M1 
a complex of buildlnp eat of the Cemnl 

, library. These build in... also include me 
completed Charles lee Powell SmaclUl'll 
Systems Laboratory and the planned S10 
million Instruction and Research Pacilky. 

Pleue lee 1VIlD, .... 3 

j~~~~~~------~~ 

Entrance to the UCSO-owned 380 unit. $29 million condominium complex on Lebon 
Drive that hou8eI university faculty. staff and students. 

ew deans and ,provosts 
appointed during break 
By ERIC CHAZANKIN 
s .. JfWrtkr 

Students returning to UCSD 
this year will find either a new 
dean, new provost or bOth at four 
of UCSO's coUeges, including the 
new Fifth College. ~ 

The new college will be headed 
by James K. Lyon. a UCSD litera-
ture professor and chair of the 
Academic Senate. Lyon, who will 
be in charge of planning the 
college's academic curriculum. has 
definite ideas about the direction 
Fifth College will take. "I want to 
give the college a distinctly inter-
national flavor," Lyon said in a 
UCSO release. 

many California students are par-
ochial and isolated . ThiS is an 
opportunity to do something in 
an area about which 1 feel strong-
ly," he concluded. 

Hamet Marsh. until recently 
dean of Warren College. has been 
named to fill the same PQsiton at 
Fifth College. As dean , Marsh will 
be charged with establishing new 
programs to enhance the expen-
ence of the first freshman class oi 
Fifth College. now slated for fall of 
1988. 

L to R: Director of Academic Advising Mary Beck, Provost James Lyon, and Dean Harriet Marsh of 
Fifth College. 

lyon, who was born in Holland, 
is concerned that UCSO students 
art not exposed to a wide enough 
variety of cultures. "I worry that 

"Harriet Marsh is ideally suited 
to Fifth College," Lyon said in a 
separate release. "She will enhance 
the efforts of Fifth College to 
assist our students in achieVing 
an educatlon with an international 
perspective." ln addition to many 
other accomplishments. Marsh 

Ad 



28 Monda epLember 21 , 1987 

FEATURES 

Watson 
Continued from page 2 .. 

Watson: In terms of underrepre-
sented students. we have not made 
progress as rapidly as we would 
like ... we had set certain goals for 
our five year plan in terms of 
increasing the number of under-
represented students. It was five 
groups at that time: Bla ks, Latinos, 
Filipinos, and native Americans. In 
that five year period , we increased 
the numbers Significantly, but we 
have only met or exceeded our goal 
with respect to Filipino students. 
That is an ongoing Issue, and it is 
complicated by the fact that what 
we're Interested in is not just bring-
ing in large numbers of students to 
the campus, but also graduate stu-
dents. Until there is a substantial 
increase in the pool of eligible 
minority students, we are in sort of 
vigorous and very deep compe-
tition -let's call it friendly compe-

tltlon - with virtually every other 
college in the state of California. 
Guardian: Is thl chool doing 
anything special or different Ito 
attract underrepresented students)? 
Watson: Well, we think we've done 
a number of special things. but 0 
has everybody else. You have to be 
creative, and more effective, just to 
stay where you are. But over this 
time period, we've made real pro-
gress, there's no doubt about it. 
We've just not progressed as rapidly 
as we would like. We now have a 
new director of the Student Out-
reach and Recruitment Office. We 
are developing a new recruitment 
plan. We're very optimistic about 
it. Our past successes indicate we're 
moving in basically the right direc-
tion , and we just have to raise 
things to a higher level, but that is a 
priority area for us. We see it as 
part of our overall effort to recruit 
students for UCSD. 
Guardian: As far as housing goes, 
last year there was a bit of a 

crowding pr blem. How will that 
be handled in the future? - es-
pecially ince more tudent are 
applYing to C D, and getting 
accepted, than wa expected. 

Watson: This year we are enrolling 
a smaller number of new students 
than we enrolled the prevIOus year. 
We reduced our target for new 
students. Last year, I think we 
enrolled either 3,700 or 3,750 stu-
dents. This year our target was set 
at 3 ,350. Initially, it was set at 3,150 
and based on the large number of 
applications to the univerSity, and 
at the request of Ithe University of 
California) president's office, we 
raised our target by 200 students. 
So that's going to minimize the 
housing crunch, and a year from 
now, we will have two new housing 
facilities open , dormitory facilities 
at Third College, and apartment 
facilities at Warren College. Maybe 
I can use this as an opportunity to 
mention something else that we're 
planning in respect to housing. 

Guardian: What does the future 
hold forloe Wat on? 
Watson: I'm planning to be at 
UCSD for quite a while. I'm very 
excited. happy. land) I find thi 
job very interesting and there is a 
lot more to a complish here. I 
would like to see us build a field-
house. I would certainly like to see 
the University Center -the Price 
Center - opened and flourishing. 
Also. I think the campus needs an 
events center. We need someplace 
where we can have entertainers. 
concerts. etc.. and I lean more 
towards an events center than an 
ampitheatre because the academic 
year covers the winter months, and 
I think an indoor facility will have a 
little more flexibility for the student 
body and the campus as a whole 
during the academic year than an 
ampitheatre. Those, I think, are 
two major undertakings. There are 
a number of other programs which 
we are initiating, but I'd like to 
leave those for I discussion at) a 
later time in the year. 

grove" 
calle 

Welcomes You 
To Fall Quarter 

SPECIAL: 
Monday 
through 

Wednesday 

Small/8 oz. cup 
togo 

Only a Quarter 
(25C) 



2 Monday. September 21. 1987 

NEWS 

University Center renamed 
Price Center for $2 million 

It was announced thaI the 18.6 
million university center now under 
construction at the Untversity of 
California, San Diego will be named the 
Price Center, in honor of Sol Price and 
his family. 

Sol Price, founder and chairman of the 
board of the Price Company. and his 
family have donated $2 million to help 
build the Center. The donation is one of 
the largest private gifts in the histoty of 
UCSD. 

Scheduled for completion in late 1988, 
the 120.000 square-foot Price Center is 
envisioned to be "the living room of the 
campus, a community gathering place for 
all member of the college family," 
according to Tom Tucker, assistant vice-
chancellor for undergraduate affairs. 

The Center is bei ng built on a five -
acre site immediately southeast of the 
Central Library. It will house the ca!llpus 
bookstore, lounges, a ballroom, several 
restaurants , a 500-seat theater/ classroom 
and office space for campus groups. The 
Center will be made up of two building 
intersectea by a pedestriah mall and 
plaza, for outdoor dining and 
performances. 

The remainder of the project's 
financing will come from non-state 
funding sources: student fees , revenue 
bonds. donations, a commercial loan and 
the campus bookstore . 

Human Rights Professorship 
Goes to UCSD Professor 

Peter Irons, professor of political 
science at the UniverSity of California, 
San Diego. has been appointed the Raoul 
Wallenberg DistingUished Visiting 
Professor of Human Rights at Rutgers, the 
state univerSi ty of New Jersey. 

The Wallenberg Professorship was 
created by the New Jersey legislature in 
1986 to honor the heroic Swedish 
diplomat and humanitarian, who, in his 
position as Swedish consul in Hungary, 
was responsible for saving several 
thousand Jews from Nazi concentration 
camps. He disappeared shortly after 

~~.I 
1HIW1<S fOI? 1Hf: LIfT, 

Z511 Z5I1 ./ SIfY IEt.LIJ 
10 evA fl.1? M6" .I 

by 
Berke 

Breathed 

World War II ended and reportedly died 
in a Soviet prison in 19+7. although his 
death has never been confinned. 

Professor Irons, who has taught at 
UCSD since 1982, was chosen for the 
endowed chair in part because of his 
work as a lawyer and historian in 
securing the legal vindication ofjapanese 
Americans who challenged their forced 
internment during World War II. The 
Rutgers announcement of his selection 
noted that "the extraordinary breadth 
and pertinence of your interests would 
make your year here an exciting 
fulfillment of the Wallenberg 
Professorship." 

Irons will hold the chair from January 
through December 1988, and he will 
teach and lecture at Rutgers campuses 
across New Jersey. 

Irons graduated from Harvard Law 
School and received a Ph.D. in political 
science from Boston University. He has 
published two award-winning books, 
and is currently completing MThe 
,Courage of Their Convictions: a book of 
profiles of people who began important 
civil rights and liberties cases in the past 
fifty years . 

Small baby scanner 
to be developed at UCSD 

A $352 ,000 grant to develop a high 
resolution ultrasound machine to be used 
specifica lly on very small babies has been 
awarded to a pediatric cardiologist at 
UCSD Medical Center. 

David]. Sahn, M.D., professor of 
pediatrics, chief of the Pediatric 
Cardiology Division and an international 
expert in ultrasound techniques, received 
the three-year award from the National 
Institutes of Health to design the 
machine, which wiD be used to detect 
abnormalities in the heart, kidney and 
brain of very small babies. General 
Eleqric will serve as sub-contractor 
to build the machine. 

Although ultrasound imaging is used 
extenSively in both adult and pediatriC 
patients, currently available machines 
have difficulty detecting imaging 
structures which are just under the skin, 
Dr. Sahn said. 

In the case of premature infants. it is 
important to detect such problems as 
persistent circulatory communications 
into the heart, impaired kidney function , 
clot in descending aorta. bowel 
obstructions or bleeding in the brain as 
soon as possible. 

During the teSt phase, Dr. Sahn will . 
lead the team performing the heart 
studies, with George Leopold, M.D., 
chairman of the Department of 
Radiology, handling the abdominal 
scanning and neonatologist Raul Bejar, 
M.D., in charge of brain scanning. 

In addition to improved resolution, 
the new machine also will feature a new 
flow mapping system and will be smaller 
so that babies will experience less 
discomfort. Dr. Sahn said the scanners 
now available often are larger than the 
babies and while the scan is performed 
the babies can get cold and bruised. 

Development of this machine will lead 
to a whole new generation of systems, he 
explained. In the future, this type of 
imaging could be used to view any small 
structures in the body. with specific 
applications in areas such as surgety or 
viewing' cartoid arteries. 

San Diego businesses buy 
UCSD library access 

San Diego businesspeople will have 
easier access to the vast scientific 
libraries of the University of California, 
San Diego through a recently established 
Corporate Friends Programs. 

The corporate community is invited to 
participate in the program at three levels: 
associate member, member, and 
benefactor. 

The associate member level is 5750 
per year and is considered an 
introductory membership category 
designed to assist start-up companies in 
affiliating with the Science and 
Technology Information Services 
Program. Associate membership can be 
held for only one year. 

A full-fledged member pays 52,500 per 
ye.lr and receives a number of special 
benefits, among them: up to ten library 
borrOWing cards, a parking pennit, 
library mailings and announcements of 
special events, access to computer-based 
reference services, access to MELVYL on-
line catalog, and UCSD faculty rates for 
attendance at science library-sponsored 
instructional workshops. 

The benefactor level is $lO,OOO per 

Managing Editor 
Anggie P. lapid 

year and in addition to the above 
mentioned benefits also receives the 
services of an information specialist 
identified at the science library of the 
benefactor's choice, assistance in 
obtaining science materials not owned 
by UCSD , and participation in an annual 
seminar on communications and 
information management software for 
personnel from benefactor companies. 

The UCSD science libraries include 
the Science and Engineering Library, the 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography 
Library and the Biomedical Library at the 
School of Medicine. 

Japanese university and UCSD 
med. schools sign agreement 

The Schools of Medicine of the 
University or California, San Diego and 
the Yokohama City University have 
developed an agreement of cooperation 
to promote academic exchange between 
the two institutions. 

Among the programs to be developed 
are visiting professorships, exchange of 
post-doctoral and graduate students, 
exchange of publications and teaching 
materials, and joint research projects. 
The agreement calls for the further 
exploration of other mutually beneficial 
projects. 
A good night's rest is 
subject of free lecture 

Millions of Americans, particularly 
older Americans, have difficulty getting a 
good night's sleep. The reasons why this 
is so and how to avoid restless nights is 
the topic of a free public lecture by Dr. 
Daniel Kripke, professor of psychiatry at 
the UCSD School of Medicine and one of 
the world's experts on sleep and sleep 
disorders. His is the final talk in the five-
part Healthful Aging lecture series 
sponsored by UCSD's Institute for 
Research on Aging, presented as part of 
the summerlong laJolla Centennial 
activities. 

The Iccture,,"How to Sleep Better to 
Feel Better," is scheduled for 4 pm 
Tuesday, September 22, in the dining 
room at the Bishop's School, 7607 La 
Jolla Blvd. Kripke will give this same 
lecture at 8 pm that evening in the 
Leonard Garren Auditorium of the Basic 
Science Building on the UCSD School of 
Medicine campus. 

For funher information, call the 
Institute office at 534-6299. 

Editor in Chief 
Niki Newlands 

Associate Ans Editor 
Susie Beel 

Photo Editor 

BLOOM 
COUNTY 

News Editor 
Peter Messrobian 
. Copy Editor 
Kristen McCleary 

Spons Editor 
Jonathan Schreter 

Bryan Bilyeu 
Associate Graphics Editor 

Sean Duffy 
Business Office Staff 

Michael Foulks 
Theresa Jennings 

Mike Martinez 

-tt 

Arts Editor 
Eva Wong 

SIaffWrikrs:james Gilmore, Darren Kjeldsen , Karen Kumm, Roben Leone, 
Philip Macgovem, Lara Mlhala 
Photographers: Kathl.een Donahue, Roben Leone. Slacy Longstreet, Dawn 
Mamikunian 
Illustrators: Rick Ford 
Typewlters: Kathy Allen , Anggie Lapid, Lara Mihara 
Production C~ Cymhia Campbell, Suzy Lam. Todd Rapparpon, Denise 
Valemine 

Tlte UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by and for the students of UCSD. Reproduction or use of 
this newsp.lXr without permiSSion is Strictly prohibited -1987, aU rights 
reserved. The Guardian is not responsible for unsolicikd manuSCripts or 
an. 

Views expressed in writing and in graphics do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of The GUClrdicln, the University of California nor the 
Associated Students of UCSD. Tilt Guardian's editorials are determined by 
the Editor in Chief, Managing Editor, News EdilOr and the Opinions 
Editor. 

The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, LaJoUa, CA 92093 
Editorial (619) 534-6580 Business: (619) 534-3-+66 ~ 

, J~ The Guardian is located next 10 Ihe Che Cafe. 

Build 
Continued from page 1 

Rece ntly the UC Board of Regents 
a pproved a design for the $8.9 
million Graduate School ofInterna-
tional Relations and Pacific Studies. 
W ork should begin shortly on the 
s ite north of Third College and 
west of the San Diego Supercom-
puter. 

Directly adjacent to the recently 
opened Center for Molecular 
Genetics on the School of Medicine 
campus, construction will begin on 
the $1.1 million Howard Hughes 
Medical Institute building. 

Projected at a cost of $60 to $70 
million, the nO-bed satellite medi-
cal center is currently in the plan-
ning dstages. The hospital will 
occupy UCSD land east of Highway 
5. 

At Scripps Institution of Ocean-
ography, the new pier is scheduled 
for completio n in October or No-
vember at a cost of $3.9 million. 
Also, plans are being prepared for a 

new $8.6 million Scripps museum 
and aquarium. . 

As part of a planned North Cam-
pus Recreational Area, to be si tuated 
north of the San Diego Supercom-
puter ce nter, a newall-weather 
track and playing fields are being 
prepared , possibly to be accom-
panied by a training facility to be 
built by the an Diego Chargers 
organization. If the plan is ap-
proved, the C hargers would move 
their summer training camp across 
campus to this facility , which will 
house lockers and showers for men 
and women , a physical therapy 
area, a weight training area, offices, 
storage space and laundry facilities. 

During the school year, the train-
ing center would accommodate the 
physical education department's 
expanding programs in aerobics, 
track and field , and team sports. If 
everything goes as planned , the 
center will open in the summer of 
1988. 

Over the summer, tWO major 
housingdevelopmems were started. 
The first site Will house 600 students 
in 159 apartments north of the VA 

When completed, Engineering Unit Building One will be the largest 
building on campus. 

Monday. Stpltmbtr 21 , 1987 3 

NEWS 

The Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Club is due to open in December. 

Hospital and west of Gilman Drive. 
The second, north ofThird College 
at the UCSD Extension complex, 
will accommodate 408 students in 
eight-person suites. Atop this com· 
plex will sit a roof-top restaurant 
with a view of the Paci fic . Both 
complexes should be completed 
for occupancy next fall. 

In add Ilion, UCSD has recently 
purchased the La Jolla Del Sol 
apartment complex on Regents 

Road for $29 million. The 380 
comfortable one- and two-bedroom 
units are available to upper-division 
undergraduates, graduate, profes-
sional and married students, faculty 
and staff. The modern complex 
boasts two pools, two jacuzzis, two 
lighted tennis courts and a weight 
room. Of course thi s opportun ity 
for "livlier" hvmg carnes with it a 
higher price tag. 

A much needed add ilion to the 

campus was completed this sum-
mer,namdy some 2,000 new park-
ing spaces. For a total cost of $2.3 
million, one lot north of the UCSD 
Extension complex has been com-
pleted and another lot near the 
Warren College residence halls is 
being buill. 

Also this summer, construction 
of additional facllilles for ambula-
tory patient care services began at 
the School of Medicine. 

Some of the 2,000 additional parking spaces at UCSD. 

p.-.-."" ... -. ......... """' .. -.,,-.-., ... -."" ... ""~ ...... -.,-.-.,-. .... ,-.-.-. ...... ''''''''-.'''-. ........ , I WHICH ONE IS YOUR BUDREP? ! 
~ I I ~ ~ , I I ~ ~ I I ' ~ 
I / \ ! ~ i I I I ~ I I ~ ~ I I ~ ~ A. I I ~ 
I I I I 
I 8. I I c.! 
I i I ANSWER: B. Of course, Jill Vanderwolk, your UCSD College Budweiser I I Representative. for Questions concerning proper parrying, responsible drink- I 
i ing, special events and premium items, contact BudRep Jill Vanderwolk at ~ _,~ I I 275-4600 or ask for Jill at Coast Distributing Company. • i 

~ I ~ ~ i ,WELCOME BACK, VCSD! THIS HUll'S fOR lOU I 
~ ....... , ................................................ , ................ , .......... , ........ , ............ , ......................................... ,~, .... , ......... , .......... , .... , .... ,....1. 

------------------------------.-------------~ 



.. Monday, Stpltmbn 21 , 1987 

No nuke research 
By NADINE BENT 

On Saturday, eptember 12, the University of California wdent 
Association voted overwhelmingly to continue its 15 year opposition 
to the ties between the University of California and the Los Alamos 
and Lawrence Livermore weapons laboratories. On Friday, Sep-
tember 18, the Board of Regents will undoubtedly ignore our vOice 
and the voices of thousands of UC faculty , staff. as well as 
concerned ci tizens, and vote to continue for five years more , UC's 
management of these labs. 

The Regents' dec iSIOn to continue our relationship with the labs 
Will occur despite com pelling evidence that UC's management role 
amounts to little more than lending our name and prestige to the 
effort to design bigger an~ beuer weapons of mass destruction. 

The Regents' vOle will occur despite growing evidence that lab 
administ rators have engaged In improper lobbying activities under 
the University of California's name. In faCl , national news repons 
are now spurri ng calls for a congressional Investigauon into allega-
tions that lab ad min istrators have been improperly lobbying against 
adoption of a comprehensive test ban treaty. 

UCSAs opposition to continued UC oversight of the labs is in 
parr premised upon these problems, but our concerns runs much 
deeper than inadequate oversight and improper lobbying. 

Many people Simply don 't realize that UC's Los Alamos and 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories are soley responsible for 
the deSign of each and every weapon in the United States' nuclear 
arsenal. As one might expect, the deve10pmem of these weapons 
takes place under a cloak of complete secrecy. 

As students, we need not reach consensus on whether or not 
continued nuclear weapons research is advisable. We need only 
agree that top secret research must not take place in an institution 
dedicated to the principles of academic freedom and open 
discussion. ' 

Severance of UC's ties with the labs is a necessary first step in an 
enlarged public evaluation of the labs mission. The university is 
known for teaching and research aimed at the enlightment and 
improvemem of human life. UC's association obscures the labs' 
function - designing weapons of mass destruction. At the same 
time, the labs historic practice of secrecy and opposition to arms 
control corrupts the university by undermining its commitment to 
open and unbiased debate. 

We are literally fighting to uphold the academiC principles under 
which our university was establi shed. 

For decades now. UC students have voiced their opposition to 
the university's relationship with the labs. Once again. we call on 
the Board of Regents to fulfill iheir constllmional duty and return 
the University of California to a place of academ iC Inlergnty by 
sevenng the ties. 

As with the 20 yearlong student divestment movement , geuing to 
the day that we win severance from the labs will take lime and 
extraordinary energy. W e can at least take solace, however small, in 
the knowledge that history will once again treat the student 
movement well . We know in our hearts that the students, faculty, 
and others calling for severance are right. 

The Umversl(Y of California Stude nt AssociatIOn , representing all 18 
UC graduate and undergraduate student governments, is the offiCially 
recognized representative of UC students before the Office of the UC 
preSident, the Board of Regents, and the state and federal governments. 
Nadine Bent, preSident of UCSA, is an undergraduate student at UC 
DaVIS. 

Administration full of 
sneaky summer surprises 
By BYRON GUTIERREZ 

When I first started at UCSD, 
god knows how long ago that was, 
we didn't have a lot of the things 
that we eOJoy now. For one , we 
didn't have a supercomputer , or a 
faculty center, construction hadn't 
eve n begun on the Warren Apart-
ments. But more imponantly , we 
didn 't have parking fees which 
exceeded $100, or a gestapo-like 
alcohol policy. These were all things 
which affected me as a student, yet 
nobody ever asked me how I, a 
UCSD student , felt about these 
changes. They JUSt told me that 
they were going to happen , and 
they happened. Now it seems we 
students are not even afforded the 
common courtesy of being told of 
the upcoming changes. I left school 
last June, came back at the end of 
the summer, and low and behold, 
the administration had put up "No 
Bikes or Skateboards" signs every-
where , and painted the Torrey 
Pines curbs red . Surprise... Sur-
prise .. . Surprise ... 
Given the expansIOn of student 
housing and classroom facilities is 
a good thing, and I don't have any 
argument against the construction 
of new lecture halls, new dorms, or 
apartments. But $117 for a parking 
permit, which allows me to park 
way out past the Institute of Ameri-
cas Building! Let's be serious, at 
these rates we had bener see some 
sort of parking shuttle service to 
and from class. Service which hope-
fully will be run all night. Because I 
see it now, the lone coed on a trip 
to the outer reaches of the UCSD 
parking lot. Ominous music playing 
in the background , she has victim 
written all over her, the res t is 
history. Remember we do attend a 
fairly large school , and it is rapidly 
growing larger. The police can 't be 
everywhere. 

It any of you find yourself caught 
in this situation, please call a C.S.O. 
When th ey kIck you out of the 
library in the wee hours of the 
night, and you have to make that 
lonely trip out to the dark parking 
lot, they ca n make the trip a bit 

safer. And hey, they're pretty good 
company. 

If you are a girl or a guy who has 
to walk to your car alone in the cold 
dark UCSD nigh t, you shouldn't 
have to go it alone , when you don't 
have to . A C.S.O . is only a phone 
call away. 

Yes, we do have a pretty "sneaky" 
administration. The seem to do 
most changes while we, the stu-
dents , are off enjoying our summer 
vacations. At a time when we are 
powerless to complain or stop 
them . 

Just remember, you can still ride 
your bike to and from class before 
7:30 am or after 7:30 pm. So, if you 

have only late night classes and 
early-morn ing classes. Hey, the 
new "No-Bikes or Skateboards" 
signs should hardly affect you! But 
if you fall into the other category , 
which probably includes 95 per-
cent of us, you might want to 
consider selli ng your bike o r skate-
board and get used to walking. And 
remember, C.S.O.s will always be 
willing to tag along for protection 
and/ or company. 

If you have any grips or concerns 
about school or anything. I encour-
age you to write-in to the Guardian 
opinions section. If it concerns 
you , it probably concerns others. 

Why did you choose to come to UCSD? 

"The locatIOn Qnd the Idea of the 
~ mall collegf syslem of England, and 
for the liberal arh eJUlQ lWn 

-Alan Solursh 
Jr., Muir 

"/ dldll 't want to go to a lI:allv hI" 
sc hoo/. / wantcd 10 go /(> II S( hool 
thar wal , mall W ' rr,·\ltVI 

- m DeMarco 
Jr. \1uir 

'" r hOugh t I! was a good S( /]001. 
Anualh , thouglll / wa~ gomg to 
("iD Wh ·,t! I WelS a(ccpteel h(',,·, I 
t/J,lu,.;li l It was 111ft!' 

-Ndlahe Norwood 
Jr., Third 

'" 'm fl'lll1'l the Chicago Qrea lI lI d / 
watllfd 111 gI'l alVav , hhe rhe bw/oJO' 
elepart mcn r '10, 

- imee Duma:. 
Fre hman, Revelle 

"I dOIl 't 'mow / wan/rei to collie 
to Sail Du:go. / ' /11 SIc/I o( MlcllIga'l 
/\1.' hwcl there 20 yt'a r, ' 

- Ted Vincent 
Jr , Third 

- pholos and interviews by Robert Leone 

UCSO's Cuffing Edge of Journalism 
Is noN accepting applications for its 

FALL INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 
lhlQUgh a Ihort ...... d WOItcIhcp. you wlllieam to: 

emaster the pyramid style 01 jqurOOl1Offi"' - -
. wrtte 0 lead -

.lnteNiew administrators. athletes and artists alike 
eg<:lther InformatlOf' through campus and City public Inform ation sources 
ewrtte for news. sporTs. features and arTS 

Once you'Y8 ~ the p!OQlCm, you'll hcY8 the opportunity to: 
ebecome a full-tredged Guardlon StOff Wnter 
eobtaln a press pass to gain entrance to mo,()l' news. sporTs and arTS events 
ebegln a career In the field of Journalism 

TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT THE PROGRAM, COME TO THE ORI-
TION MEETING TUESDAY, SEPT 29 AT 5:30 PM IN THE GUARDIAN, 

The UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 534-6580 
The Guardian is located southeast o f the Humanities Library, next to the Che Cafe. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 9211 1 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need nol be expensive 
S/Hdtll ColI~g~ 

Slrulnrl Program 
Call for your FlEE 

quote today! 

560-9055 
Oak Leaf 
Insurance 

Agency 
H.O 

Mondoy, Sqltmbtr 21,1987 5 

•................... ~ 
: 25% oH : 
• any small, medium or large yogurt. • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
· ~~~~ . 
• otter. Toppings not Included. • 

• • • Hours: 11-10:30 Mon,-Thurs. • 
11-11 Fri. & Sat, P10,0 

• 12-10:30 Sunday ~"boO, • 
•................... ~ 



6 Monday, Septrmber 21,1987 

OPINIONS 

•• ea ... An OASIS Tutor __ ••• The time has come fot"; 
a new "neat idea" -

• • • .... could ............... YOU. 
8ecome an OASIS Tutor, Math/Science 

tutors are needed. Juniors and Seniors with 
A's and 8's in their major are eligible to 

enroll in TEP 196 (4 units, P/NPJ 
Interview with OASIS tutor 

coordlnaton on Tuesday, September 
22, 1987 from 10:00 a.lII. to 2:00 p.m. 
12M HumMlltJes Undergr_u .. Ubr.-y 

By ROBERT LEONE 

I admit it. Having the Iranians 
fund the Contras was as USMC Lt. 
Colonel Oliver Nonh stated "a neat 
idea." It may have been illegal, 
possibly been immoral, and resulted 
in Ronald Reagan becoming the 
laughing stock of the known world, 
but it was a neat idea .. 

Lots of people appreciate the 
neatness of "the idea." Having Is-
lamic fundamentalist revolutionar-
ies fund South American ami-com-
munist counter-revolutionaries 
through the medium of overpriced 
weapons has a cenai n ring. It has a 
grace and economy. One simple 
action fulfills two foreign policy 
goals on separate continents. 

In the evem, the results were 
rather less than spectacular. The 
Iranians laughed all the way lO the 
battlefield with what workable wea-
pons they did get OUt or the deal. 
The Contras got their Polish AK-
47s and Ponuguese ammunition, 

but seem lO be as far from Managua 
as they ever were. And there was a 
purge in the gersonnel of the Na-
tional Security Council. . 

But it was a neat, efficiellJ idea. 
Now, let's tum our att¢nlion to 

another marine, Sergeant Lonetree. 
During his duty in Moscow" he 
became so enamored with the So-
viet system and its effectiveness 
that his associates called him "com-
rade Lonetree." He also became 
enamored with a pretty KGB agent, 
for whom he apparendy committed 
treason. 

What's the point? 
Democracies, or even Republics, 

are often not efficient. People dis-
agree and delay things. often to the 
point of absurdity. Compromise is 
attempted, and often achieved, in 
various political controversies, but 
this takes time . Legal remedies are 
often used as delyaing tactics (ask 
any power utility that has tried lO 
instaU a nuclear plant). 

Secrecy can't be routine for such 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternative to the Library ReseNe Room. We'll tum your loose 
course materials into bound class readers, 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEJW?TMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBlE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 

OUR REP Will HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIAlS 
CMRN.IGHT ORDERS .6CCEPTED 

FREE PICK UP AND DELMRV 
OPEN WEEKENDS 

let Us Do The Chasing, While You Do The Teaching 

copies 

La Jolla Village Square 457-3775 

military matters as promotions. 
They get published in the Congres-
sional Record , which is a forum for 
cl'l":lpromises. Everything possible 
has [0 be public, because in some 
sense the public (or factions of it) 
makes decisions. Trust me, the 
Soviet Union probably has a sub-
SCription lO the Co~gressional Re-
cord. UCSD does. Crop informa-
tion, news of disasters, and so fonh 
are carried in the press, and so on. 

In a managed SOciety, this isn't 
the case. Hider's Germany managed 
to gain vast advantages in muni-
tions over Great Britain precisely 
because one group of people, uni-
fied in their goals, made the deci-
sions. They didn't have [0 argue 
with anyone else, they didn't have 
to heavily publicize their increased 
military production. Routine mili-
tary matters became cloaked in 
secrecy. They used all their neat 
ideas. 

They lost because one of the 
See TIME, page 7 

lHTfHSlHTfR5 
lHTfHslHTfHS 
lHTfHSLHTfHS 

Businesses like monopolies 
Editor: 

The recem publicity blitz by 
business supponers or the beer 
industry'S wholesaler monopoly bill 
is instructive. A common fallacy 
parroted by"lib-erals and the media 
is that businessmen relish an unreg-
ulated free market. The wholesaler's 
sophistic propaganda demonstrates 
that frequently the opposite is true. 

Many such businessmen attempt 
to use the power of government to 
give them the profits that they can't 
earn legitimately in the marketplace. 
They purchase the best politicians 
that money can buy, and then they 
push through protectionist laws to 
rape the consumer. 

It was the big airlines who opposed 
the deregulation or air fares by the 
now defunct CAB. It was the big 
trucking companies who opposed 
the deregulation of shipping by the 
ICC In both instances the deregula-
tion has saved consumers tens of 
billions or dollars while cutting the 
monopoly profits or the previously 
regulated industries. 

Voters should not confuse the 
pro-business, ami-consumer poli -
tics often favored by the two majOl 
panies with the true rree market 
policies espoused by MillOn Fried-
man and other Iibenarians. The 
beer monopoly biU is simply a 
blatant version or the thousands or 
such subSidy laws which now per-
meate our SOCiety. 

Roben Valente 

Monday, Stpumbt:r 21, 1987 7 

OPINIONS 

Time for a 
new neat idea 
Continued &om page 6 
neat ideas, attacking the Soviet 
Union, didn't pan out, contrary to 
aIroost~'sexpecwions. Conven-
tional wisdom was that the Soviet 
Union would fold in one or two 
weeks. Conventional wisdom blew 
it Quick victory is neal. A (Wo-
front war is not 

expect a neat outcome. Efficiency 
isn't everythirg. Besides, they got 
caught 

Is now accepting resumes for the position of 
OPINIONS EDITOR 

In geopolitical terms John Fitz-
gerald Kennedy, in Why England 
Slept has hit the nail on the head. 
"We must be prepared to recognize 
democracy's weaknesses and capi-
talism's weaknesses in competition 
with a lOtalitarian form of govern-
ment. We must realize that one is a 
system geared for peace, the other 
for war." 

If you are interested and have had some background in 
journalism, you can drop oft your resume at the Guardian, 

located next to the Che Cafe. 
So much for the hislOry lessons. 

The point, one that seems lost to 
Oliver Nonh and Clayton Lonetree, 
is that you can't impliment every 
single neat idea you have and 

For further Information, you can contact either 
Niki or Anggle at 534-6580. 

Now, that's a real neat idea . 

WELCOME BACK, 
from Del Mar Discs 

While you've been hard at work vacationing, we've been 
hard at work preparing for your retum. We have more CD 

titles than ever: rock, jazz, classical, new age, 
soundtracks - if It's out there, we can get It. And if we 

can get It you can have It at $1 Off per disc when 
you buy 2 or more discs and show this coupon. 

Del Mar Discs ~ 
... 

259-1554 i 
open fNettYday. Just 10 minutes from campus, In the heart of old Del Mar. I 

1130 Camino Del Mar 

The TI·60 /unctions inch.dt 
htxatkcimalloctal conllffiions, 
integration wsing Simpson's nJe, 
srari.!lics (including lintar regres-
sion), tmullint analysis and 
metric to Eng/Uh conwnions. 
You can program 84 steps. 

TI advanced scientifics have 
all the rililt engineering and 
science hanctions to help you 
function better in school. 
When we set out to make our most 
advanced scientific calculators, we 
gave a lot of thought to what your 

<e1987TI. 

science, math and engineering 
problems are. Then we designed our 
calculators around them. The result: 
the TI-60 and the new TI-65 are 
both packed with built·in functions. 
Plus, there are programming steps to 
speed you throueh repetitive calcula· 
tions. But even though both can 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 

Ho .... 

Regents Park Center 
(Next to Anthony's) 

Mon.-Sat. 7 am-9 pm FIlEE· I Hr. v ........ P........ 452 9222 
Sun. 8 am-6 pm (in gar_ under building) -
•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• FREE ; FREE ; FREE .. 
• 16-0z. Soft Ori.. Ice Cre •• SalHlwicll Sid. Order Col. SI.w • 
• with purchase of any Hot • with purchase of any Hot. or Pot.to SaI.d • 

Dog, DeH Sandwich • Dog, Deli Sandwich • with purchase of any Hot • 
• Or Main Salad Dish • Or Main Salad Dish • Dog, Deli Sandwich 
• I coupon per customer. Cannot I coupon per customer. Cannot Or Main Salad Dish • 
• 

be Wled with any other coupon. • be used with any otner coupon. • I coupon per customer. Cannot. 
G ..... .." ti_ M ••. -S... • GeM .... w 3 PM Mo •.• Fri. . be used with any other coupon. 

• 
EXPIRES le/21/17 All 0." s. .. .s... G ..... .." l;-' M ••. -S... • 

• EXPI.ES le/21/117 • EXPlJIES le/21/17 
•.............. -.... ~ ... -.. 

handle the hardest problems, they're 
easy to usc. large, color-coded keys 
and simple keyboard layouts mean 
you spend less time figuring out the 
calculator and more time figuring 
out your problems, 

So if you're the kind of student who's 
got science on the brain, get the 

The TI·65 has aU lhe 
Tl-60 funclioru , plUj a 
sW(Ju'CItch/rimeT fur lab wUTk. 
eight physical corucanll for use 
in thennadynamics and 
physics as weU as Decision 
Programming capabIlities . 
YI)U can program 100 steps. 

calculators from the folks who've given 
their brains to science. The Advanced 
Scientifics from Texas Instruments. 

TEXAS'" 
INSIRUMENlS 



"BOWl 
nICOLLE. 
BY 

When my friends and I graduated 
from high school, we all took part -time jobs to pay for college. 

They ended up in car washes and 
hamburger joints, putting in long hours 
for little pay. 

Not me. My job takes just one 
weekend a month and two weeks a year. 
Yet, I'm earnin~ $18,000 for college. 

Because I Joined my local Army 
National Guard. 

They're the people who help our 
state dunng emergencies like hurri-
canes and floods. They're also an 
important part of our country's military 
defense. 

So, since I'm helping them do such 
an important job, they're helping me 
make it through school. 

Monday. September 21. 1987 9 

NEWS 

As soon as I finished Advanced 
Training, the Guard gave me a cash 
bonus of $2,000. Then, under the New 
GI Bill, I'm getting another $5,000 for 
tuition and books. 

Not to mention my monthly Army 
Guard paychecks. They'll add up to 
more than $11,000 over the six years 
I'm in the Guard. 

And if I take out a college loan, the 
Guard will help me pay it back - up to 
$1,500 a year, plus interest. 

It all adds ul? to $18,000-or more 
-for college for Just a little of my time. 
And that's a heck of a better deal than 
any car wash will give you. 
THE GUARD CAN HELP PUT 
YOU THROUGH COLLEGE, TOO. 
SEE YOUR LOCAL RECRUITER 
FOR DETAILS, CALL TOLL-FREE 
800-638-7600;,* OR MAIL THIS 
COUPON. 
-In Hawaii : 737-5255; Puerto Rico: 721 -4550; Guam : 477-9957; Virgin Islands 
(St Croix ): 773-6438; New Jersey : 800-452-5794. In Alaska. consult your local 
phone directory. 
~ 1985 United States Government as represented by the Secretary of Defense . 
All rights reserved . 

r--------------------, 
MAIL TO: Anny National Guard. P.O. Box 6000, Clifton, NJ 07015 

~=---------------------------------------------------- D M D F NAME 

ADDRESS 

CITY/ STATEIZIP 

~,...,...-::-:=---=c==------------------- US CITIZEN. 0 YES 0 NO 
AREA CODE PHONE 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER 

OCCUPATION 

STUDENT 0 HIGH SCHOOL 0 COLLEGE 
PRIOR MILIT ARY SERVICE 0 YES 0 NO 

BRANCH RANK AFM/MOS 
M ~ 'fO.j ~"1i'IIIOWa-1Cl.laIa'fO.lll1DClllll.1IO.tII'ft ....... 

FC 
:::=::':'c::':"=~"=:'~~"'" AICUC21097NP L ____________________ ~ 

Amer';cans At Their Best. 



10 Monday. Sepu mbtr 21 . 1987 

NEWS 

Survey results are in Student Organization Affiliation 
By PETER MESSROBIAN of 2352 students who took the campus environment where stud-
N£ws E4frDr survey was reprtsentative of the ents are active and positive about 3 

College Government 

university's student population. The recreation. studt''lt organizations 
The results of a Campus Pro- survey results were broken down and programmat.c events and activ-

4 gramming Survey taken in Novem- several ways: by resident status, ities ." This was true, they added , 
ber. 1986 have been compiled and academic level. ethnicity. and col- despite problems like a heavy aca-

Residence Hall Government 

a series of recommendations and lege. The Commillee on Program- demic load. work-time conflicts. 9 conclusions concerning program- ming issued a brief report last April and parking problems.(see graph) 
" 

Fraternity or Sorority 

ming were made last April by the outlining their recommendations. Several other recommendations c.c !'I 
Commiaec on Programming. which stating that "a role of programming included repeating the survey every -

= 48 
" was chaired by Harriet Marsh , the is to contribute to the developmem three years, encouraging imercol- " .. dean of Fifth College. of studems as person. Consequem- lege activities, and keeping accU[ate ~ The survey was directed by Assis- ly. as educators. we have the need and complete records of all 'pro- 11 

tant Vice Chancellor Tommy Tuck- to respond to findings with a bal- gramming efforts. 
er. who described it as the "first ance between expressed 'wants' One of the biggest problems 
initiatiw in a spectrum of initiatives with what we see to be needs. The found was a lack of advertising of 33 
designed to foster the maximum recommend tions that follow will upcoming campus evems. Several 
development of each individual. reOect to some extent that affir- suggestions were made on how to 
provide services in a cost-effective mation ." resolve this problem. including the 5 
manner, retain students, and foster The first conclusion drawn by "development of a daily campus 
a sense of community (at UCSO)." the Committee was that "A majority newspaper". the "establishment of 

0 Tucker also said that the sample of student respondents depict a See EVENTS, pase 11 10 20 30 40 50 

La Jolla Office Supply DIP 
WORD 

PROCESSING SAFE WAY SCHOOL SUPPLIES 
Typewriter ribbons • Paper· Writing suplies • Resumes • Term Papers 

,at Governor & GenesseeJ 
FOR THE OFFICE • Theslses • Manuscripts ) NOW OPEN Furniture • Files • Organizers 

• Manuals • Etc" etc. 

• 
10% OFF FOR UCSD STUDENTS &. STAFF 

7441 Girard Ave. 
(Down from the Panni kin) 454-7147 

Patricia Allen 
549·7748 24 HOURS 

HISTORY DEPARTMENT 
COURSEUSTI 

29. Women In American Thought a Culture (4) 
An exploration o f the relationship between changing popular attitudes about 
women and the emergence of feminist theories. Topics will include women in 
colonial America, the culture of domesticity, emergence of the Women's 
Movement , images of feminine beauty, women and progressive reform, 
women in the movies , the impact of World War II, contemporary feminist 
theories. Readings will be drawn from history and literature. Rachel Klein 
specializes in cultural , early national , and nineteenth-century U.S. history. 
T / Th 2:30·3:50, HSS 2305. 

107. Europe In the Eighteenth Century (4) 
A lecture-discussion course focusing on Europe from 1680-1789. Emphasis is 
upon the social and intellectual history of France, Germany, England and Ital y. 
Topics considered will include family life, rural unrest, criminal law reform , 
the poor, and the Enlightenment from Voltaire to Rousseau . (Satisfies the 
minor in the Humanities Program.) Stephen O. Lestition specializes in early 
modern European history. MWF, 3:00-3:50, USB 30308. 

132A. The Rise of Christianity (4) 
A study of the origins and development of Christian thought, history, 
literature, and institutions during the formative period from the birth of Jesus 
to the Middle Ages. 132A is devoted to the background in post-Biblical 
Judaism and pagan religions during the early Roman empire. Jame. C. 
VandeTlcam specializes in the Classics, Semitic languages, and Biblical 
Studies MWF, 11:00-11:50, EXT 142. 

143G. History of Women In Latin America (4) 
This seminar, designed for the non-specia list, provides a broad historical 
overview of Hispan ic-American women's history. The course will focus on 
issues o( gender, sexuality and the family as they relate to women as well as the 

main historiographical and methodological iuues in Latin American women's 
history. While the main emphasis of the course is Latin America, some 
attention will be given to Mexican-American and Chicana women in the 
United States. Ramon Gutierre~ specializes in Chicano history, Spanish 
borderlands, and colonial Latin America. Wed. , 1:00-3:50, HSS 2152. 

1800. World War Two In Asia· 
Film, Fantasy, and Fact(4) 
RareJaPGnese WIlT Films To Be Slwwn 
A critical appraisal of the China War and Pacific War as seen through the eyes 
of participants. Extensive use will be made of Japanese and American war 
films, in addition to readings of a primary as well as secondary nature. John W. 
Dower, the Joseph Naiman Professor of History and Japanese Studies, is a 
specialist in twentieth-century Japanese history and U.S.-Asian relations. 
Mon_ 1-3:50, PH 104. The 1:00 pm lecture i. closed; the new scheduled 
lecture for 18OD· Mon. 6:00-9:00 pm, PH 104. 
Open to the public. No admi .. ion. 

180Q. Modern Japanese Hlslory: Japan at War (4) 
This colloquium will focus on Japan's wars against China and the Allied 
Powers in the 1930s and 1940s, with particular attention to the broader 
context of imperialism in Asia. Students taking the course will be encouraged 
to also view some of the war films being viewed in History 18OD. John W. 
Dower is a specialist in modern Japanese history and U.S.-Asian relationships. 
Tues. 1:00-3:50, H88 3086. 

193. From Revolution to Civil War: A Social History 
of the New Nation (4) 
Social history o( the early republic , as it expanded rapidly, crystallized its 
political system, and removed obstacles to capitalist development. Emphasis 
on political economy, social processes, and conflict accompanying (un-
damental hanges in the structure of society and behavior of Americans. Lt.a 
Lubow specializes in U .S. history, early American, British labor history, and 
early modern England. MWF, 12:00-12:50, EXT 142. 

Monday. 5~pltmbcr 2 1. 1987 11 

NEWS 

Participation in Activities Restricted by: Events change in future 

ftJ 
" 
... 

= 
" " .. 41 
~ 

I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I "" 
I 

11 

18 

9 

17 

5 

12 

5 

0 10 

The word of mouth 
frozen yogurt 

2 for 1 
(includes toppings) 

Pearl & Fay / La Jolla 459-FROG 
'- . V.lld throulh '130/ 87 ) 

... _________ Coupon.-----/ 

20 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Continued from page 10 
a legitimate 'on air' campus radio 
station", and expanding the use of 
direct mail. 

Funher recommendations in oth-
er areas included giving consid-
erable attention to "freshmen and 
new transfer students during the 
early weeks of the academic year in 
order to draw them into the uni-
versity community". and encour-
aging "ethnic student populations 
to .. . (participate) in intramurals. 
student organizations and student 
leadership positions." 

Student reluctance to pay to 
attend athletic events led 10 the 
recommendation that those admis-
sion charges should be eliminated , 
and because of the high interest in 
off-campus concerts, sporting e-
vents, movies and theatre produc-

Compute 
for rent 

IBM Compatibles 

call 
- .. 

Z7_-IOO4 

tions the Committee suggested that 
auention be given to the "block of 
tickets" method of marketing those 
events to UCSD students. They 
also called for "Additional comedy 
programs. dances and concerts .. . 
in order to relieve the tension of 
challenging schedules in this com-
petitive academic environment" 

In addition. the Committee made 
two major recommendations con-
cerning implementation of their 
previous suggestions. First. they 
asked for the "establishment of a 
'programming council' by the Vice 
Chancellor for Undergraduate Af-
fairs Ooe Watson). Membership 
would include staff representatives 
from each college. UEO (Univers-
ity Events Office), the University 
Center, the Public Information Of-
fice, the Associated Students. and 

HAIRCUTS 
BY SUSANNE &: CHARMAINE 
Women S17 (reg. 525) 
Men SH (reg. S1 9) 

the Office of Graduate Studies. The 
objectives of this group must in-
c1ude communication , shared con-
cepts and ideas, and the presen-
!arion of an annual report regarding 
the status of campus events and 

programming, expenditures and 
diem reviews." 

Finally, the Committee examined 
the concerns of the residential 
population of the campus. and 
concluded that "the nature of the 
college system may obscure the 
facts about what is occurring in the 
residence halls ... .. Thus. it recom-
mended that "a residence halls 
work group or task force on pro-
gramming be established" in order 
to "provide consistency of reporti ng 
(of events) without imposing un i-
formity on the nature of the pro-
gramming." 

Haircut &: Highlight S50 (reg. 570) 
Haircut &: Perm S50 Cre . $70) 
MODELS NEEDED 
FOR CLASSES 
for "ppom,men,. pIt . ", coli "57-2930. 
8~Vi/la La}""" Dr .. SIL 2110. LA}""" 

(br~md EI TonfO dirwly across ramp ) 

1$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

WELCOME 
BACK 

TO 
UCSD 

Financial aid checks are being distributed at the Loan 
Administration Office, Building 211, Matthews 
Administrative and Academic Complex, beginning 
Thursday, September 17 through Friday, October 9. 

Checks will not be released until your fees are paid for 
the quarter and your current units have been verified. 
In order to claim your checks you must present a valid 
UCSD student photo 10 card, with the curr-ent quarter's 
validation sticker. 

First-time University Loan or Perkins Loan borrowers 
are required to have an entrance interview prior to 
claiming checks. New regulations required that all 
GSLjCGSL borrowers have an entrance interview even 
if they have previously had an interview session for 
Perkins or University Loan. Please contact the Loan 
Records Office (534-3788) to schedule an appointment. 

Student Financial Services 
Wishes You A Successful 
1987-88 Academic Year' 

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ $$$$$$$$$ 



At left a cit the su y employee is ' elimin mm~r months, A red ,lining Torre ' ated tn this ma pp,roxlmately 300 y Pines Drive d ' nner tn order to to 400 space urtng At right, Revelle ' 
.. __ make room for b'k 5 were al eng roe lanes. most pe"e , onee'ing m . ould ou ~:~~IIII!!;;;; cmwded Ian,,';. demon""tion a'g; R~Ck Imbe, gives an ::--"':::''c:f'"' 

D

I _____ 1 J To Be A i' _ _ _ _ _ _ ow '0 use 'hese o .. gr'e' meet,,,,'!'lag ... Irln.-IIpI-"'.,..·. 
&OMr_ L ----.- ~H...... un •• 
"Rwn on .... ad.r For 1 kmko-se -: ~........ ' 

an SexuaUty" : 
h eoun.? ' 

ospective D· ' 
be upper dI . lSCussion Lea ' G.P A of 3,00 vision students w1~~rs shOuld' ' • lor a a • this fall In a or higher. You wtll an overall : ' • yo b econd lootlong b I 
Contempor workshop called be trained ' :. u uy one at th au when • Sexuality" c~ Issues 196. The "H : II II * SAME DEAL e regular price.' II 
winter wse wtll be t uman QiF:;JF~~:....!:..~n 
servin quarter by hof L 1 aught In the: ' • STUD ERED IN- I 
you.Jt as Discussion ~ a Ross. While ,2 FOR 1 I I CON ENT I 

be enrolled. der In th' ' • SUMER I 
Issues 195, Total In Contemp e COUISe, I Two copies for I CARD winter wtll credit earned Ormy' , . • - I * • 

U be 6 upper dfvisI for fall and ' - prtce of . : II II 

should all n erested In th . , on _r : . • 
Is schedul end the !In;t C.l 1: program you ' seIkene I· · you are 1 t on units I one Bxpires 10/ 31 / 87 (4:00-5:00 ~)for Wec\ruJsday6 ~a .. , which : m_lnes. ,. 
brtng an add In H8cSS, Room' 3OSP6te(mber 23 , Good th",gh CleO '. Open For furth card!) . And,' 0be<.1"" :. 7 da,. ~~;;;e:r:1n1::o:rm:at:1o~n~::~:~: : .... I11' ..... Jo ..... ,. 1~~ Wi , contact' 534 I 457- -775 . I I M'd .. d! . -3589. ~, ' , .... ht J b8fMlA -,. DO I OnOy ""' "'" ,. 6190 M- -N'T B L - - - - - _p_on per visit. Iramar Rd (I I M E C I , . ocated behi ' emorabilla e h ONF ---~ ,,",. I... 549·6969 nd Carl'. Jr.) I 

RneJewel a neJeweloy a ,o,.. USED . •••• • 
Posters e ~tlckPosters e Slickers e srts e ffi ~t1CKerS • ~tuaea red' • • • • ~ 
S 

ers u ed Ani fV1Imru e Art F,O VE • • • • • I 
t"ke" a Arumal mal, a Art p . 5 R • • Aru ' a Art Pri I nn'- mes a Gift FRAM • • II 

-,6 ArtPrints a G H, a Ga~ , aCanl,aM ING .... \~ a Gill ames a O" a Mug, aT-ShIrt' ugseT-Shirts e ' F " PRIC 
f

- ... "'. '" C.,d< _ or-Shirt - , a F,a . mmmg a R ""f, G\p.'" ' : Ro~:-,::,g~ .. -a R=gn .~ .. ~~d<n-ROU M.~d<-n-RoU Mpm 
Sf o~\.'{ 

1-ct4 
An' Animals e 

lmal e Art Print 
Prints e Ga e Games e Gift s e 

let US frame your c""ice of a'"i pOster 
in a olac\< aluminum frame 

mouoted 00 foamboard with glass. 

Price does not include poster , 

Gift 
mes e Gift s e 

s e Cards e s e Cards e Mu 
Mu gs a TSh. Mug, a T-Shirts a F g, aT-Sh 

F ort, a F", . ",,,,,ng 
,aming a R mon. a Rod<- . . ock'n-Roll M n-RoU Me . .. ~~ ':, 

emorabilia e F' ' ... .1;:' 
_ _ _ _ ' _ _ ~tne~ J' ~ '~,:,,"': 

, ,',' ' F rabilia e Fine 
. ~,,,,,.,, e me Jewelry e Po 

Posters e S ' a Sticke tick", • a"" ""ail"'" 

ht4 '-h -6" ~~rs J e S ~tUff~ed~Ani'~mal~S ~~~:!~~ 
UNIVERSllY "'~ ,"h 1- .£ II\OOSS from the _~E CENTRE &,;',"' t S SPECIAL ""RfS 10/ 15/87 452 7 5 POSTERS 

_ 7 55 I~e~~ e:::R/CE OF 4 rve one for FREE, 

Monday 5 • t pltmbtr 21 1987 

o I!! , · .0 

~ ~-. 6\f1S..' ,~~~. . 
. _" ,,~ .~,~1 1J!fIJJ~~ ,~oUt 0 1-0 • ~ . y.~~~"~. . . ~ . ~ ~"" 

. () (). 



Come Take A Bite of the Apple 
Test Drive a tosh •. 

as low as $1350.00 

HEWLETT-PACKARD 
The Vectra PC 

Configuration Guide 
for Technical Applications 

Fliji'j HEWLETT 
.:~ PACKARD 

£..c:..:. ...... 01 ;tJ ... , L-.l~ _J lI:N. '.ad ". Ia -t l 

...... , .............. _ ... ... , ... - -.. ,. B)--
_"f ._f." , 
"", " "" I I I ., ., .. , 

Mac II 

Mac SE 

This Zenith portable PC makes 
one thing perfectly clear. Words! 

p!RECT SAUS 

.. " 
.... 

FUlall\'~ A portable PC that 's not only powerful and 
eaSrIOC.,rry. bulalsoe3syloread. TheZeruthZ-lHl 
L;optop Pc. 

Atless than 12 pounds, the Zemth Z-!H! Laptop PC is 
half the size or a desktop computer. In fact, it's small 
enou~h to fit Ulto your bnefcase. So you can carry IBM 
PC·compatible compotCl power everywhere you 1(0 . 

And speakin~ or power .. . the Z· IMI LaPlflP PC J(lves 
)'ou tw,ce as moeh standard melW .. y as most other 
",>nable I'Cs. 640K of KAM, to be exart. Plus, )'OU Ret 
two larRe-capaclIY 3'1, dISk dnves. And a rechargeable 
ballory fur hours of non-stop service. 

But what really sets the Zenith Z·J K I Laptop PC apart 
,s the new S"",r,OI .. ' LCI) screen. When combmed WIth 
a fuU ·s,.e, 25·lIne by 8O-character, back·lil t~t -display , 
lhis screen gives you up to three limes the charac ter 

Presenting the 
Zenith Z-ISI Laptop PC . 

Half the size .. . 
twice the power .. . 
plus three time the 

readability . 

definition as previous LCI) portables. So words, numbers 
and graphics appear perfectly clear. 

Now you get greater readability at almost any view-
ing angle. And III almost any lighting condition. Alter all. 
what good is a powerful portable if you can't see what's 
(m the screen? 

So for portab,lIty, power and enhanced readability, 
choose the Zenith Z-IMt L;optop PC. It 's Just one more 
reason why I'.enith I lata Systems IS one of today's emerM-
ing leaders in IBM !'C·compatible porlable technoloJ()'! 

THl (~IIV (.(If'''' INIiU ( J(1 1111 NAMt (,()p .. ()N 

For more infonnation on the ZenithZ-181 Laptop PC, 
visit your local Zenith Data Systems dealer today at : 

It Takes A ' 
Better Grade CabJlator 
To Get A Better Grade 

HP .. 15C $78.25 HP .. 16C $94.75. 
New Low Prices 

II [II : : 

.... .... 
. ---

----

HP .. 12C $78.25 HP .. I1C $44.25 
Slimline Financial Programmable Slimline Scientific Programmable 

(Ii.) ~:~K~~6 
41CX and 41CV ALSO DISCOUNTED 

.... I""~f· 

1- S8S}6 i"I 'f<'1 
ElOOO~O 
OOODO! 
00000 · 
GOCODO 
.111111.11:1 
tall III III m 
•• IIU!!l~ 
••••• 

TORS 
MODEL EL 512T 
"Thin Man" TM Wallet Size 
with 128 Program Steps 
Improved scientific calculator 
with Multi~Formula Reserve 
and decimal/hexadecimal 
system 
$28.95 

MODEL EL-506A 
Advanced, scientific calculator 

with decimal/hexadecimal 
system conversion key 

$17.50 

• so~pcr.CGIJG 

• u • 
t:uuuuCJ~ 
C:lCiCJClClt::::r 
t,;JL:JClL:.Jc.:JLJ 
glllUll1m 
aua.m 
•• D_a 
• •••• 

Monday, Stpttmbtr 21, 1987 15 

Hewlett-Packard reinvents 
the calculator for only 

(¥]~:~K':'!6 $18,5.95 
The new 

HP-28C does 
things no other 

calculator can , 
like algebra and 

calculus using vari-
ables in letters and 
words, uch as x, y 

and zebra, 
It does matrix, vector 

and complex number 
arithmetic. Plots func-

tion and data points . 
And -olve for any vari-

able in any order. 
How doe the HP-28C do it? With menus, softkeys and 

the largest number of built-in function s of any calculator 
ever. It isn't more of the same. It ' the re invention of the 
ca lculator. See it today. 

The Business Consultant 
A Whole New Idea in Calculators 
HP's new idea will change your 
mind about calculators. Here's 
why. You can tell it what you 
want it to do. In your own words. 
Just: 
• Define your own special 
business formulas_ 
• Or push a few extra buttons to 
get to built~in business formulas. 
• Then fill in your own numbers. 
The Business Consultant gives you 
answers unmatched by any other 
business calculator. And, oh yes. It also does 
everything other business calculators can do. Only more easily. 
Try the Business Consultant today. $137.95 Pi.) ~!~KL:~6 

Connect your courses to 
the TI cal tor you n ~. . 

Our hottest selling models on campus~ 

r ~ TEXAS'" 
INSTRUMENTS 



Monday, September 21,1987 17 

Personnel changes 
Continued from page l 
has worked with foreign students 
in New York and Seanle, and pani-
cipated in a Fullbright program 
studying higher education in West 
Germany. 

Marsh's replacement at Warren 
College will be Denise Campbell, 
formerly assistant dean under 
Marsh . 

Another change came at Muir 
College, where ProvostJohn Stewan, 
who has retired , was replaced by 
Assistant Chancellor Patrick]. Led-
den . Mathematics professor Led-
den has held many positions at 
UCSD since his arnval in 1966, 
including being provost at Muir 
from 1971 -1973, and acting provost 
of Warren College In 1973. 

'" hope 10 carry on the fine 
tradition set by John Stewan ... I'm 
looking forward 10 it very much ," 
Ledden said in a news release. 

Third College has also had a 

major change over the summer, 
. with Luis D. Ramirez taking over 
the position of dean of Student 
Affairs. Ramirez comes to UCSD 
from Western Washington Univer-
s ity in Bellingham, where he was 
director of the Student Assistance 
Center. He is not new to Southern 
California, however, having grad-
uated from Cal State-Northridge in 
1972, and later from Loyola-Mary-
mount UniverSity. 

Ramirez has taught courses in 
ethnic history and has been active 
on minority issues in higher educa-
tion. 

Third College proVOSt Faustina 
Solis was pleased with the appoint-
ment , sayi ng in a release that Rami-
rez, " ... has had considerable suc-
cess in instituting programs to 
meet the changing needs of stu-
dents." She also praised his "broad 
spectrum of experience in working 
with diverse student populations." 

NEWS 

La .Jolla Village Square 
Dent.1 Group Offers You = 

• Cosmetic Bonding • Visa or Mastercard 
• Evening Appts. • Instant Insurance 
• Stereo Headphones Evaluation 
• Nitrous Oxide • Student Discounts 

• 24 Hour Emergency Service 
• Oral Surgery for wisdom teeth extractlo~ 

INTRODUCTORY OFFER ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EXAM & CLEANING S 
ONLY 

Includes: Cleaning & Polishing, X-Rays. Oral Cancer Exam and Private Consultation. Regular S74 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thomas K. Duncan D.D.S. Bradley A Ross, D.D.S 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
(behind Kinko's) 

24 _ ~ S Z¥ ~ 

455-9151 



18 Monday. September 21 , 1987 

NEWS 

U C faculty receive as. 7°,6 pay increase 
The University of California retain first-rank faculty, particularly ComparableJan. 1 ranges for 11- of the cumn~ scale while 10 .to 15 effec~ive Jan 1, 1 ?88. Individual 

Board of Regents has approved a given California's higher cost of month appointments, with last years fr~m re~tremen~, according to salanes are determined by memo I 
5.7 percent pay increase for faculty, living. year's comparisons in parentheses, UC ~nlor .vIce ~sldent for N:.a- For the president, vice presi-
efTectiveJan 1, 1988. As of Jan 1, among faculty with are: assistant professor, 536,600- demlc Affa.lrs Wilham Frazer. The dents, chancellors and officers of 

The action, taken by the Regents the regular nine-month appoint- 545,700 (534,600-543.200); asso- new Slep WID not change thecumnt the Regents, the board approved a 
' Friday,July 17 at UCLA., confirms ments, assistant professors wil be ciate professor, 543,100-557,200 poltcyon £acuity advancem.ent ~o 2 percent average salary increase, 
to state salary provisions in the paid from $31,500 [0 539,300 on a (540,800-$54, (0): and full profes- an above-scale salary, which IS effective July I, 1987 with another 
Budget Act signed July 7 by Gover- six-step scale; the previous range sor, 552,000-587,600 (549,200- "reserve~ for scho1a.rs and teachers ) percent average increase, effective 
nor George Deukmeiian. was 529,800 to $)7 ,200 82,6(0). of the highest d.lsnnctlo. n, whose J 1 1988 " 

, d h k h be Ily an. , . The 5.7 percent increase assures For associate professors, the The regents also approve t e wor as en Intematlona re-
that faculty salaries will remain range will be from 537,200 to addition of an eighth step to ~he cognized and.acclaimed ," . In addition, chancellors and 
competitive with the eight other $49,300 across five steps, compared professorial salary scale, effective For administrators and sentor some officers will receive an equity 
institutions across the COUntry thaI to $)5 ,200 to ~46 ,600 . Full profes- July 1, 1988. The additional step staff, the regents approved a 2 salary adjustment on Jan . 1, 1988, 
are regularly used by the un iversity sors will earn from $44,800 to would prOVide continued merit ~n- percenr average salary increase, averaging 4.5 percent, based on a 
for comparison purposes. These $75,500 over seven steps, compared creases for espeCially productive e.ffecnveJuly 1, 1987 and .an addl- national survey of comparison in-
salaries are necessary to attract and to $42,400 to $71 ,200. faculty members who reach the top tlonal 4 percent average Increase, stitutions. 

UNLIMITED 
TANNING 
30 MIN. SESSIONS 

(1 SESSION POl DAY) 

. l op-of-the-Line Tanning ~s 
• Optional Facial Tanners 
• Keep That Summer Tan Throu hout The Fall' 

7660 FAY AVE. (UPSTAIRS) FAY AT KLINE LA JOLLA 

VISA/Me/ AMX 454-9981 expires 10/26/87 Plenty of Parkin 

Now HIrIng! 
carl's Jr. 

is looking for all shifts 
part time and ttl11 time 

positiOns available 
6788 Miramar Rd.. 271-4480 
Mon.-Fri. 2 PM-5 PM 
(Ask for Mark) ClrlJr. 

We Still Believe in Old-Fashioned American Values. 

.7F.r.r~ •• r •• "'.II ... mm'.'''.71.lIr •••• mr ••• ' ....... II.'II .. ' •• -........ 51.51.' ........................................................... 7.' ••••• ~ 

An 14 
"The City As 

Cultural System" 

Anthropology An 18 
"Brazilian Culture: 

"Urban life, cultural traditions, contemporary & historical examinaton 
of cities, symbolic organization, space, cultural roles & integration' 

Mon-Wed-Fri 1-1 :50 PM 

Steven Parish 

An 102 

An Introduction" 
-Nature of interpersonal relationships, social & psychological 'escape 

valves', Brazilian cUture-
Mon-Wed-Fri 11-11:50AM 

Daniel Linger 

111 
"Latin American 

Societies 6 Cultures" marcelo 
Suarez-Orozco 

An 
"Anthropology 

of Foll1lore" 

~An 116 

"Latin American cultural ecology, history, ethnicity, 
socia-economic organization, symbolism, development" 

T-Th 2:30-3:50 PM 

"Intelligence, E.volution 6 
the Brain" 

"comparative approach to investigate the evolution & 
adaptive signficance of the human brain" 

Tu 1-3:50 PM 

-Finnish-Historical-Geographical, Classical 
Functionalist, Structuralist & Psychological approaches" 

T-Th 11:30-12:50 PM 

An 153 

"History of Anthropology" 

-development of anttvopology emphasizing culture, 
society & personality' · 

T-Th 4-5:20 PM 

~ James moore Courses Jon Dart 

111111"""'7511"1111171" "5711715757571"11757157575711111""577111711517111111111171"171""""711711117171"""111I1I7I7IIIIII7IIIf571"IIII111I1IHHIHIIIIII""II7I7IIPI"UI57777111711t17757"1771IP1I11_rll"U_PltPf_77Jl ..... P?PPII5P777577717757mun.""",I"""""",,"'1 
• 

• 

Monday. Stpttm~r 21,1987 19 

NEWS 

LI~~ Read The ~ ( ») 
o 0 (--.=[ =:J: BULLET IN ~~( ») I D) 

On behalf of the Associated Student Council we welcome all new and returning 
students to UCSD. Your officers for 1987-88: 

President ••••••••••••.• 0 ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• David Marchick 
Viet President Administrative •.....•••••••.•••••••....•• David Manhtim 
Viee Preslcltnt ExttrlUll Affairs •••••••••.•••••• 0 ••••••• 0 ••• Jill Marchick 
Viee President finance .....•..•..••••...•••• 0 ••••••• _ 0 •• Roben frankl 
Academic AjfGirs Commissioner •. 0 • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • john Sttinhouse 
Communications Commissioner ••. . • • • • . . • • • . • • • • . . • . • • •• Sttven Tauber 
Programming Commissioner .••..•.••••....•••••• "PO" PMenthesis Devtrs 
Public Relations Commissioner •••••••••••.•••••••.•.•.• 0 ~. Tom Peabody 
Optmrions, fnttrpl"ists 60 Services Commissioner •.•••..•.•• Jo1inny Patttrson 
University Center Board Commissioner .••.•....••••.....• Evan Weisenfeld 
Muir SeniOr Senator . •..••••••••••••••...••••••• Marctliao Ford-Levine 

junior Senator .••••.•••••.••• , ••••.••••.•••.•••.•• Sracey Bowman 
Sophomore Senator ..•...•.....•......•.•••.......••• John Robison 
freshman Sen,ltor ...•.•.•..•......•.•..••••.....•• JID Van Zytveld 

Revelle Senior Senator .•.•.•......•.••.•..•.••••••••.• Chtryl Monblatt 
junior Senator •••••.•.••••••••••••.•••.•••••••••••• _ • Kathy Smith 
Sophomore Senator ...........•......••..•.......•• 0 Shirlty Lerner 
freshman Senator •••••• , •••••••••••••••••.•.•...•• , 0 .leysia Palen 

Third Senior Senator ......••..•.••.•....•••.••••.•.•••••.. Perry SelO 
junior Senator •.........•............•..•.•......•••. Erik Nielsen 

Sophom~ Senator ••.••••••••••••••.••••••••••••••••• Brian Tofsly 
Warnn Senior Senator •••.••..••••••••..••.••.•••••• Counney Simpson 

j~nior Senator •••••.•.••••••••••••••.•••.••...•...•••... Cris Rys 
Sophomort Senator .......•.•........•••..••......•.. Brett Franklin 
freshman Senator •.•.•.••.•••....•••••••.......•••••. Matt Lehrer 

A ttentlon student organizations -
Participate in 

es IVi 
t~~gre n '87 

Friday, October 2 
11 am - 4pm Urey Lawn 

up now with Mary in Student Org. Office X44083 
Presented by Campus Rae and Un;,,_ E"ents and Stu. Act. 

• 

DON'T MISS THE B.GolF. 
Blue Gold Incredible Friday 

Sept 25th 
Immediately fonowing the Women's Volltyball gamt 
on tht hump in front of the gym. 9:39 to Midnight. 

Fmaurtnl SpuUd Gutslsl 

FRATERNIlY INFORMATION 
IFC Info Night is Tuesday. September 22, 1987 at 7:00 pm in USB 2722. 

STUDENTS NEEDED FOR 
THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS: 

• Financial Conrroller 
• 2 Students for Integrated Student Info System 
• External fsllntemal Positions 
• Affirmative Action 
• Presidential Cabinet Members 
• Academic Senate Committtes 
• C hair for A.S. Parking Committee 
• Students for AS. Parking Committee 
• Enrollment Projections Review Comminee 
• University P1anning Group 
• Security Advisory Committee 
• Public Relations Committee 

for more informatioD contact Patty in the AS. office at ext. +4·.,0, or come 
into the A.S. office and 6ll out an application. 

(We are located upstairs in Student Center "K). 

GROUP IBGISTlAnON sessions this year 
in the North Conference Room will be: 

Mon. TIle. wed. Thur. Fri. 

Sept. 22 Sept. 23 Sept. 24 Sept. 25 

11-12:30 12-1:30 1-2:30 2-3:30 

Sept. 28 Sept. 29 Sept. 30 

2-2:30 1-2:30 12-1:30 

rk !:>u.,_ iv t-'.-::r\ ..;p your registration forms WON 
you attend a Group Registration Session. The forms 
are available in the Student Organizations Office, 
Student Center A. 2nd floor. 
""aaber: To 1;le an oftidaUy recognized student 
organization for fall quarter, you must be registered 
by Friday, October 16, 1987. 

For more information call Mary AlIen at 534-4083. 



20 Monday. Sepumbe~ 21 , 1987 

Administrators tell direction of UCSD 
Atkinson and Watson - inside and out 

By PETER MESSROBIAN 
News Editor 

Richard Chatham Atkinson was born March 
19, 1929 in Gall Park, Illinois. Educated at the 
University of Chicago and Indiana University, 
where he received hlS doctorate in psychology. 
Dr. Atkinson began his academic career at 
Stanford University in 1956. he taught there 
continuously until 1975 except for brief tints 
at UCLA and the University of Michigan. He 
concentrated hiS academic worll on the areas 
of memory and cognilionJormulating a theory 
on memory that has been the hasis fo r much 
current research In that area. Atllinson ha 
also concerned himself with the praclical 
applicat IO n of hiS academiC work, spwfica lly 
the teaching of readmg and language arts 
under computer control to elementary school 
children . he has co-founded the Computer 
Curriculum CorporatIOn for that purpose. 
Atkinson has also co-authored Introduction 
to Psychology, one of the most successful 
textbooks ever wntlen, With hiS wife Rita and 
E.R. Hilgard of Stanford University. 

In March of 1980, Atkinson was appointed 
Chancel/or ofUC San Diego. He tllok office on 
July 1, the fifth chancel/or to do so at UCSD. 

Guardian: What led you to b('coming the 
chancellor after being the ational Science 
Foundation (NSF) directOr? Did you have 
th is sort of administration job in mind 
through the years? 

Atkinson: 1 never thought of myself las 
being onl a path to unlversiry admlllistra-
tion . I always thought o f myself as a scholar 
and teacher However, after spending five 
years in admmistration at th e SF, the 
offer from San Diego was extremely appeal-
mg. There are very few places In the coun-
try that would have attracted me 10 a Job of 
this sort, but UC San Diego was such an 
unusual place ... with such excellence in 
the quality of it's faculty and academic 
programs, that tt was toO good an ofTer to 
tum down . 
Guardian: What were your goals as you 
took over the job? 
Atkinson: That's not an easy question to 
answer. That question was asked me many 
times when I first came to UC San Diego. 
and my response was always that I wanted 
to ensure that the quality of the facu lty was 
as good when I left as when! amved. Now, 
that may seem like I've placed toO much 
emphasis JUSt on the faculty , but my view is 
that the teaching programs. Ihe excellence 
of graduate study, the whole range of 
university matters, follows directly from 
the excellence of the faculty. All of these 
things need to be worried about, but 
nothing can be achieved without a first-
rank faculty. So, I continue to focus, in a 
single remark, on trying to ensure that we 
maintain and, hopefully , improve the ex-
cellence of the faculty . 
Guardian: Whal would you say are your 
major accomplishments since coming here 7 

Atkinson: I wouldn't want to say that 
they're my accomplishments. The last seven 
years has seen a tremendous amount of 
change for this campus. There's been a 
tremendous expansion in the graduate 
student and undergraduate student body. 
We have expanded the faculty by many 
individuals My Judgement is that the 
expansion of the faculty has met our 
quality requirements. We are now 10 a very 
large buildmg program, and that clearly 
involves some disruption . On the other 
hand, it's associated with a major expan-
sion of the univerSity. Simply put, we've 
become a place that is very appealing to 
students, both at the undergraduate and 
graduate level. I like to POtntlO the factthat 
we admitted 2,500 fre shman siudems this 
year, and that IOtal number of applications 
was about 20,000. UCLA and UC Berkeley 
admmed 3bout 4.800 students, a nd had 
about 23 000 applications. To put it another 
way, UC San Diego had more applications 
f 1r the number of openings than any olher 

Chancellor Atkinson emphasizes 'he need for a strong faculty. 

Vice-Chancellor Watson 
focuses on student life 
By PETER MESSROBIAN 

N~EdilOr 

Dr. joseph Watson , associate professor of 
chemIstry and vice chancellor for under-
graduate affairs at the University of California, 
San Diego, was born in New York City on 
April 16, 1940. 

Watson obtained his bachelor of science 
degree from the City College of New York in 
1961 and his doctoral degree in chemistry 
from the University of California, Los AngeIes, 
in 1966. He also pursued postdoctoral studies 
at UCLA. 

He joined the faculty of uc San Diego as 
an assistant professor of chemistry in 1966 
and was promoted to associate professor on 
july I , 1970. 

Also in 1970, Watson was named as the 
first provost of Third College. He left tht 
position of provost when he was named vice 
chancellor. During the 11 years Watson 
served as provost, he coordinated the growth 
of the college from its temporary location in 
former Marine Corps bUildings to a permanent 
campus with seven major academiC and 
administrative buildings and an enrollment 
of nearly 2,000 students 

He was named to receive the Freedom 
Award, the top black achievement ard given 
by the non-profit Action Enterprises Devel-
opment,lnc., inja nuary 1981. The award is 
given 10 a San Diegan who has the potential 
of becoming a national leader. 

He is the author of several articles which 
have appeared in chemical journals. 

Watson is married and he and his wife 
Mary have four children. 

school in the system. We've become a very 
attractive university , both from the under-
graduate'S viewpoint and the graduate 
student'S viewpotnt. 
Guardian: Would you itst some or the 
failures you've had over your tenure as 
chancellor7 
Atkinson: Well , I dldn 'I hst any spec irlc 
achievements that! personally made and I 
don 't have any specific comments about 
failures . The early years were years where 
[he state budget was very constrained .. we 

Guardian: Did you have any idea that 
you'd be working in the area of adminis-
tration? 
Watson: I had absolutely no idea , no 
intentions, and if somebody had men-
tioned it to me I in the past],! would have 
said they were tOtally mistaken. 
Guardian: Well, then , how did you get 
into administration? 

Watson:When I came I got invovled in, 
let's call it, campus administrative, com-
minee activi ties, particularly related to 
students - affirmative action students. 
At that time , it was expected that student 
organizations would have faculty advisors, 
and the students in the Black Student 
Union asked me to be their faculty 
advisor. and that was the way I began 10 
get involved in planning for Third Col-
lege, and was then was asked to be 
provost of Third College. That was my 
first real formal administrative, and I was 
provost of Third CoUege for 11 years. 
Guardian:Could you list some of your 
major accomplishments since you became 
vice chancellor in 198!? 

Watson:! would say, first and foremost, 
I've had the opportunity to hire a number 
of people and to organize Undergraduate 
Affairs along the cluster concept. I would 
say that's been a significant achievement 
or accomplishment because that then led 
to other things. W e were able to hire Tom 
Tucker, and I consider that a major 
accomplishment. Under his leadership, 
we've been able to get the University 

See WATSON, page 22 

had a very difficult time moving ahead in 
the early '80s, so I guess one can view that 
as a failure. I've nOl been pleased with the 
fact that we've had su, h limited budgets 
for the maintenan e of ' t,,: campus and the 
general environment. We ve rece ved mon-
Ies to build build lOgs. bur wc've nr! received 
the kmd of support fund , ,hal are necessary 
for walkways,appropn ,.' landscaping, new 
road s, and the like ..... ' -11 what has had to 
be done in the 1,I~t I. years has been 
done 10 the qualit)' 01 hc buildings and 
even the landscaplt1g of .:ertain areas of 

the campus. But we hope to rectify that in 
the near future . There is now a very 
extensive plan being pursued involving 
members from all pans of the university 
community to devise a master plan for the 
future of the campus which will emphasize 
open spaces. appropriate landscapi ng pro-
grams, walkways. new road systems , and 
the like. 
Guardian: Now, to switch gears a bit... 
Could you define your job. as you see It, 
not as the manual says, but as you see it? 
Atkinson: I'm not sure how the manual 
defines the job, .. I'm the chief executive 
officer of the campus, and so I have 
responsibilities for all aspects of the cam-
pus. But this is the University of California, 
and it is a shared governance s}'stem, so 
it's the administration, as represented by 
the chancellor, tn shared goverance with 
the faculty in key decisions. 
Guardian: How about defining the role of 
the administration? 
Atkinson: The role of the administration is 
like that of any orheruniversity, but I think 
what does characterize UC San Diego is 
that we have a very small administration in 
teonsof numbers of people in theadministra-
tion. I think we have one of the smallest 
administrations among all the UC campus-
es, and I think of almost any other university 
of our size. We've always tended to run 
-before my time and during my time - a 
very minima\. slimmed down admmi~tra­
tion . 
Guardian: So that's by design -not by 
lack of funds7 
Atkinson:Well. in pan, it's lack of funds 
(chuckles). We are very tightly funded in 
terms of administrative support. There's a 
history about that that's too long to expla in. 
Guardian: With what do you most concern 
yourself on the job? 
Atkinson: There's no answer to that. It 
varies tremendously from day to day. and 
period to period. Recruitmem of fac ulty is 
clearly a major consideration. Our outreach 
programs in recruiting students and patti-
cularly minority students is a matter that I 
will focus on at various times. The academic 
programs, new academic programs ... any 
aspect of [the I university that you can 
think of. I'll focus on in conjunction with 
the appropriate subcommittees or advisors 
at some pOint. 
Guardian: As far as srudentS go, do you feel 
you make enough contact? Do you have a 
good idea of what students want or need? 
Atkinson: I see a lot of students. I meet with 
groups in all sorts of settings. When I firsl 
gOt here, i used to have a regular, once-a-
week, open forum where I would invite 
stude nts to come and meet at the open 
forum to discuss issues and the like. I did 
that off and on for several years , but fi nally 
the numbers of students who attended got 
so small - in fact it got to the vanihing 
point of zero, that I've stopped doing it. 
One of the remarks most students will 
make is that they have no idea who ,the 
chancellor is. The fact is, there are 17,000 
students out there, and I meet and contact 
as many of these students during their stay 
here. But it is the nature of a large 
university that I do not have the sort of 
close relationships with individual students 
or groups that a preSident of a small college 
might have. 
Guardian: Do you have any specific goals 
before you complete your job here? 
Atkinson: I think the goal that I announced 
earlier in my remarks is the goal that still 
dominates my thinkmg - the excelle nce 
of the faculty , msunng thai is the key goal. 
That involves a lot of different thlOgs. You 
draw an excellent faculty tf you have good 
students, if you have a good library, If you 
have good laboratories , if you have a 
campus where teachmg ca n be conducted 
In an effective way. 50 there are a lot of 
thtngs that relate to the faculty. But I do 

See ATKINSON, page 27 

Meeting the people who 
are making the changes 

By KRISTEN MCCLEARY 
Feah4m Editor 

At most universities , the ad-
ministration is perceived by stu-
dents as the group of people re-
sponsible for making their lives 
more difficult. After all, some mem-
ber of the adminislration makes 
the final decision on fee increases, 
alcohol policies and parking 
changes. Contrary to popular belief, 
however, the administrative body 
seeks to coordinate a smoothly run 
and economically sound institution 
of high academic caliber. In other 
words, the "higher up" isn't neces-
sarily a student adversary. 

From building the new Uni-
verSity Center to issuing parking 
tickets, someone in the admin-
istration is at work behind the 
sce nes. This article will highlight 
some of the positions and people 
that students are most likely to hear 
of or some into contact with as an 
undergraduate student at UCSD 

The "big men" on campus, Chan-
cellor Atkinson and Vice C han-
cellor of Undergraduate Affairs.Jo-
seph Watson , are given their due 
space in separate interviews this 
issue. The Chancellor is the top 
administrator at UCSD and , as a 
result, the one who gets the largest 

John Anderson 

amount of criticism and publiCity. 
Joseph Watson, however, is the 
name most often tied with undergra-
duate affairs. His pOSition is de-
scribed as "responsible for the over-
all quality of student life al UCSD." 
This broad definition encompasses 
Watson's say on student policies, 
services and programs ranging from 
TGs to overseeing faculty and 

budget changes. Following is a 
su mmary of other ad ministrative 
officials who will be in the news 
repeatedly this upcoming y,ear. 

Stanley Chooorow - Associate 
Vice Chancellor of Academic Planning 
and Dean of Arts and Humanities 

Chodorow is a name you'll hear 
many times during the year tied to 
many disparate areas. A professor 
with toO many titles to list. Cho-
dorow is on as many as 15 university 

Stanley Chodorow 
committees. As Dean of Arts and 
Humanities he's responsible for 
the six main departme nts ofliberals 
ans as well as physical education. 
Included in his role are duties 
ranging from selecting faculty to 
monitoring department curricu-
lums. As Associate Vice Chancellor, 
Chodorow works with the develop-
ment of individual departments to 
target their growth or change in the 
next 5-10 years. 

John A. Anderson - Chief of 
Police 

This is the man responsible for 
maintaining a safe a nd secure-
campus environment 24 hours a 
day. This includes the jurisdiction 
of parking policies as well as regu-
lating othe r forms of transpona-
tion, such as bikes and s kateboards. 
"I'm responsible for the kind of 
negative aspects of things on-
ca mpus which I try to turn into 
positives," Anderson said. 

Tom Tucker - Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduatt Affairs, 
studtnt programs and facilities 

Tucker has a pOSition that active 
students will inevitably become 
familiar With, as he's in charge of 
student organizations, A.S. ser-
vices, university events and the 

Tom Tucker 
student leadership program. Tuc-
ker's advice to incoming students 
is co nsistent with the focus of his 
office . "Involve ment is the key to 
success at a univerSity," he said. 
Tucker cites the numerous student 
organizations and intramural acti-
vities as popular ways to get in-
volved. He also encourages stUdents 
to drop by his office above the 
general store in the Student Center. 

Steven Relyea - Vice Chancel/or, 
Business Affairs 

The business operations of cam-
pus fall under the regulation of 
Relyea. He's in charge of such 
diverse areas as accounting, hous-
ing and food selVices, and staff 
affirmative action . Since money is 
an important subject to almost 
everyone, Relyea's name is known 
in all departments of UCSD. After 
all , he's in charge of the payroll. 

John Giebink - Assistant Vice 
Chancel/or, Undergraduate Affairs -
Student Development 

Everything in the realm of psy-
chological and counseling services, 
the swdent health service and the 
career services center is overseen 
or coordjnated, by Giebink. Beside~ 
helping students achieve better 
health Giebi nk is making sure 
thp.y're aware of relevant health 
issues. An AIDS education program 
as well as an upcoming AIDS aware-
ness week are projects Giebink's 
helping to implement this faU. 

On a smaller scale the positions 
students will hear most of will be 
that of provost and dean. Each of 
the individual colleges has its own 
provost who is the chief academic 

Mn'1l1ay. 'irpt(mhn 21. 1987 21 

FEATURES 

VICE CHANCELLOR-UNDERGRADUATE AI'I"AlftS 
ORGANIZATION CHAin' 

I tHMC[UOI I 
VI" Ch.ftul1or 

Ufld"., •• U'U ... ".t" 
Jo,.~'W":"'i.t\OI'I 

r ", .. ,,1 "".lI., r AuhuIIl Vlu C ... "ullor I Uf\Mr'rI~Ufll" Mooo~lIt I A. w. IIiU 
I -

I y~. l I 1"""11.",,, I f-------- Coll.,. 'roVOU1i .,cr.,ttol'l Aud,Ou 1 Iert"K.;;; .. 1I1 "....;;s:;.l 
I (.01, .,. I 1 h.", 

Anht'l'It Un CI\.ftul1or 1 I o\ullt.'It VI" (~ftC.l'.r I StII""l 0..,10,-.'" Au .. " 1M SlilMt\t I I nl'lMCI,l Se,. .. '," JofIII w:-Gt"'l'Ik c.,...\ "-1e'\ 
C"M' S,,.,,I(I\ lc!uutlot\fll O, .. 't .... tt, 
"ft",,.,tCl! , CMlIIUltf'l, ',0" .. 1/ .. 1,\1011, 'II ' 
S".,lc" $c ... 11 

St ..... t .... HII 5".1(.- 1_,I.te Owl, .. ,,. 
OUiet 0' ... ' .... Ie Support 
1M I"UNUtOft4,I 5,,..,,c,, 
COolSIS ) 

i'lrl,..,.."tPI filii b"y 
Cklt",(" 

Stu.t r1"~I.l St,."teet 
Au ln. ltt .,ICt c..M:.llor l StVdefll a...rtlMttJ' .~ UIIh ... ,tt, ""l'r ,1((,,, "" ..... 

r...;;-r:;:"I" I 
, ,.fU "flit.,. I C"'ft'O" I I IIt'Nld I .... I Ctflt.r I SM,I.: S.NIt: •• ,"t'I" St ..... t '-t..-Sl~t ,-".,.ftMftl, .1t:lWll.~_tl.,. 5~t O,. .... lutl"' 
""" .. t Se,., I Ctl DtublM StW_"l 5.nt," 

VIIh."",. ( IIMtl Off·e ... ,,, ItDWltll, 
•• 11,1ow, Atf. I .. , 
St"""t Aff l ,...th. AUIOft 
St .... ftt [oll_t , 
Prh. e, Ac t 

l Stu4tfl t ",,·,,1 Sf .. ,'c •• 
..,hVlr Tlth VI, II , S04 

Itofll. ''''-;:-aw..., I 
"""" tOIl' L-- . 
•• ,t",., 

The administration is a I.ot more complex than this chart 
suggests. Within each department lies various subdivisions 
and numerous committees. 

and administrative officer of that 
particular college. Among other du-
ties, the provost is responsible for 
the academic viability of their 
college, making sure that courses 
offered meet relevant criteria. The 
deans of the individual colleges are 
responsible for the non-academic 
side of college life. Housing, stu-
dent activities and counseling are 
predominant concerns of the dean. 
Consult the dean on graduate 
school and career planning as well; 
this official can be a possible source 
for le tters of recommendation . 

John Giebink 

WELCOME BACK STUDENTS. FACULTY! 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, offers an inten-
sive AliA Approyed post graduata 14 week 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. This Program 
will enable you to put your education 10 work as a 
.killed member of the legal team. 

A representative will be on campus 
Friday, <Xtober 23rd at ll:OOarn 

Career Services Center n03 
For more information 
contact your career center at: 452-4939 
----t---~D-----~;~;~~;p~:---

lJP UtllVCI'Nly Room 318, Serra Hall • San D.ego. CA 9211 0 ~11 l\)a n OleB-) (619) 260-4579 
Name ________________________________ __ 

Current Address _________ _ 

City _______ _ Stale. ____ Zlp, __ _ 

Current Phone 1/ 

I DTacolimeTM 
Taste The Real Dlfference™' 

Has A Better Price On 
A Better Meal For You! 
, ................. . 

: Tacolime .. _: 
• all Soft Taco 1-~\ tot ,us' \ • B ~:.,er::FrI.I. '$219 : 

Medium Drink (leQ· 3.57) _, \.---...... 
Ralph's Convenience Center 

at La Jolla Village Square 
Sun.-Thurs. 11-10 Fri.-Sat. 11 -11 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• • Please present coupon when ordenng Expires 10/31/87 Nol voltO w.th any ather Offer • 

I..-J_U_S_T_3_M_'_N_U_TE_S_F_RO_M_C_AM __ PU_S_II __ -..:.LI;;t ;e.: ~.t~me~ ••••••••••••• 



v 

22 Monday, September 21 , 1987 

FEATURES 

Watson: improving UCSD for the students 
Continued from page 20 

Center under construction. The 
Career Services Center, not only 
the building, but, more imponantly, 
the program, we've been able to ' 
organize, with John Giebink and 
Neil Murray. I consider that a major 
accomplishment. I'm more con-
cerned, and perhaps feel more 
positive, about the general direction 
we've moved in . The increased em-
phasis on student organizations 
is an important one. The way we've 
worked with the registration fee 
committee, there is the feeling that 
it is a cooperative effon, that we 
take the students seriously. When 
we disagree we try to explain our 
disagreements, and we try to reach 
concurrence. Sometimes we con-
vince the students that our position 
is correct, sometimes they convince 
us that their position is correct. 

Guardian: Could you list some of 
the failures ; things you haven't 
been able to get done? 
Watson: I think one is that we have 
not been able to improve the quality 
of student life as rapidly as we 
would have liked to. 1 think we 
have a number of shonfaUs -
major shonfalls - in our physical 
facilities . Student study space is 
one. We have real deficits there 
that there is no clean way of ad-
dreSSing. I don't think that we have 
the broad understanding and, let's 
caU it , active suppon of the students 
in the sense that. if you were to ask 
10 students, "Can you trust the 
administration?" too many of them 
would say, ~No, you can't trust the 
administration." 10ri too many of 
them\loO.ilsay,VJOOistheoclrninSr.ro1?, 
Guardian: Why do you think that 
is? 

United Campus Ministry 

WELCOMES YOU FOR FALL QUARTER 
U.C.M. is the ministry of the Presbyterian, 
Methodist, United Church of Christ, and Disciples 
of Christ churches on the campus. 
Weekly One Hour Bible Study. begins. Tuesday - Sept. 
22nd and 29th. 7 p.m .. Everyone is welcome. Contact 
Rev. Bob Wagener. Campus Minister. S. Conference 
Rm. Student Center Bldg . .. B .... 53+2521. 

Watson: 1 don't think we've been as 
effective as we could have [been], 
or should have [been). in terms of 
communicating with students. And 
1 mean real communication, not 
[just whether] they agree with a 
panicular [issue] or not. But, we 
should have better communication 
with students. 
Guardian: Do you have any pro-
posals or ideas for getting better 
communication with stude nts? 
Watso, : Yes. One of them is [thatL 
I woul 1 like to meet with the 
Guardwn, for example, on a regular 
basis. 1 n the past, I've had once-a-
quaner meetings with, let me phrase 
it as 'the student leadership,' from 
the college councils - A.S. presi-
dent, et cetera. I think those have 
been a step in the right direction , 
and we plan to continue them. But 
that didn't immediately translate 

We are a worldwide 
network of student 
travel specialists and 
a one-stop travel 
shop. Special fares 
Include EUROPE, the 
SOUTH PACIFIC and 
much more. 

_ Scheduled alrtlnes _ Roll po_ 
_ international student I.D.'s 

~m!f.N' 1619) 286·1322 
CJ~ ~ 1447 EI CljoIIB ... . 

into communication with the student 
body as a whole. 
Guardian:Define your job. 
Watson: Okay, my job is to recruit 
and select a srudent body for UC5D, 
and then insure that those students 
have a good, solid productive ex-
perience here and that they grad-
uate. That's the essence of my job. 
Guardian:OveraU, what do you feel 
the role of the administration is? 
Watson: Th role of the admini-
-stration is to facilitate the faculty'S 
teaching and research, and the 
student's learning. 
Guardian: Define the role of stu-
dents in a universiry. Do they JUSt 
come here, learn, and go, or do 
they take an active pan in running 
the university, and if so, how far 
does it (their role) go? 
Watson: 1 think students should 

take an active role in the life ofthe 
campus, by fully panicipating in 
the academic aspect of the univer-
sity, by fully panicipating in the 
academic aspect of the university, 
but also in the non-academic , the 
extra-curricular aspects of the cam-
pus. They also should try to define 
an environment for themselves that 
is supponive of their interests and 
their own well being. I'm a very 
strong believer tbatsrudents should 
take responsibility for their exper-
ience here, and define il.lt should-
n't just be a question of the admin-
istration, ot"the faculty , laying out 
an environment for them. 
Guardian: And how much control 
should they have over their envi-
ronment? Take, for example, some-
thing you've been involved in a lot 
recently, the alcohol policy. If you 

See WATSON, page 2+ 

THE CArHOUC COMMMUNITV AT UCSD 

a ..... M ... Sc •• dule 

Weekdays (Tue-Sat.) 5:00 P.M. 
Wednesdays 9:30 P.M. 

Sundays 8:30 A.M., 5:00 and 9:00 P.M. 

I. t.e U.ivenity Lat.er_ C.arc. 
9595 La JoUa S.o .... Drive 

(at Nort. Torrey Pi.e. Road) 
WELCOME MASS 

5 •• flay, 5.pte .. IJ.r 27t. at 5:" P.M. 
,. Tit. 5c.'ptllre GaN •• 

O. Rev.II. Ca.." •• 

• 

RENT FURNITURE FAST! I , J RAYBAN® WAYFARERS 
:~~BEST 

in value - low prices! 
• Dinette Sets .............. from $9 mo. 
• Sofa & Chair . ....... .. ... from $16 mo. 
• Sofa Sleeper. . . . . . . . . . . .. from $25 mo. 
• Bedroom Sets . . .. ... . .... from $15 mo. 
• Refrigerators. . . . . . . . . . . . . from $20 mo. 
• 19" Color lV ........ . . ... from $25 mo. 

Twin bed. chest $ 25 
desk. bookcase, 
chair or nightstand mo. 
Any four pieces (A mo. minimum) 

ROOMS FURNISHED 
14 PIECES $39 

Furniture 
Appliances 

Ns 
Microwave Ovens 

Desks 
Lamps 

Bookcases and more 

NO DEPOSIT 
NO HASSLE 

MO, 

Ready for pickup nearbV 
for two semester, 

Larger Ilzes available 

.~ 
1-5 

.ucso 

I ~ 
"IIi AENT-A-I'LAN 
~_'l_ FURNITURE 

.::5 . 
70th ST. 7464 UNIVERSITY 

LAMESA 
463-8856 

SAVE 50% ON OUR 
HUGE STOCK OF 

RAYBAN WAYFARERS 
• America's #1 Sunglass $ 31 
• Excellent protection from 

ultraviolet rays now 
• Choose from Black, Tortoise, 

50 
Red & White (sug. ret. $63) 

• All-purpose G-15 lens 
The World's Finest Sunglass Store 

~ 1ac;ifi' ~ at T5 "'::::/~:;"' 
• Paclftc leach (Promenade Shopping Center) 581-6769 
• Clalremont Square 2n-8a08 
• La Jalia VIllage Square (next to Klnko's) 535-0365 
• Encinitas (Lumberyard) 942-0337 

NOW OIIIN: La Jalla (next to Alfonso'S) 1241 Prospect 454-7532 

......................................................... M.o.nd.~.,.S.'p.t'.m.~.r.2.1,.1.98.7 .. il23. 

~ . 

New luxury 1 and 2 bedroom 
for-rent condominiums. 
Finally, there's a community that offers you 
not just a place to live, but a way to live. 
Introducing The Club Torrey Pines-a whole 
new concept in living. 

At The Club, you can have it all. 
Luxury condominiums featuring range & oven 
a cable hookups. refrigerator, dishwasher and 
abundant storage space. 3 lighted champion-
ship tennis courts with gallery seating. 25-yard 
competition-size swimming pool and h~ro­
theraJ7Y spa • spacious sundeck with barbecue 
• fully equipped weightroom and aerobic 
training center. lavish clubhouse with full 
kitchen, conversation lounge and wide screen 
TV • fitness programs and tennis instruction 
available to all tenants. 

755-8155 • 12646 Torrey Bluff DriW! 
Directions: I-S to Del Mar Heights Road. One mile east to lOrrey Ridge 

Dri-.e. Tum right to lOrrev Bluff Dri-.e and foIla.v the signs. 
Sorry-No Pets 

After a swim or an invigorating 
workout, relax poolside with 
your amenity-filled sports 
bag, compliments of The 
Club Torrey Pines. 

.lIIiiiill _____ _ 



I,. 

24 Monday, Scplcmber 21 , 1987 

FEATURES 

Watson it would be a violation of both the law and campus regulations, and there would have to be dIsciplinary 
actions taken. If it comes to our 
aUen/ion. 

certain restrictions. You can't have was no doubt that there was full 
them adve rtise an event in which discussion and consideration of 
the primary focus is on the con- student views. 

or any Other policy, they raise it 
with us . One of the things that 
we've tried to do over the last five 
or si x years is to say to students 
that we're open to d iscussing any-
thing. We're just as willing to dis-
cuss positive things as we are 
nega'ive 'hings. 

Continued from page 22 sumption of alcoholic beverages. Guardian: 50 you do feel that you 
That's one aspect ofit. That's a nice are getting enough input from stu-
example you raised , because in the dents on the decisions that you 
discussion and development of make? 

asked ten students. probably eight 
would want it to be a wet campus. 
Watson: It is a wet campus, in a 
sense, in tharlf they want to go to 
the pub and have a beer, they can 
do that. If they're 21 and want to 
have a drink in their dorm rooms, 
they can do it. If they are under 21 , 
they also can do as they please, but 

Guardian: How about in the area of 
sponsorship by beer compani es? 
Watson: They can have sponsor-
ship by alcohol beverage compa-
nies, of events. There are a set of 
guidelines ... you can have adver-
tising by anyone, including alchol-
ic beverage companies. There are 

that policy there was considerable Wl1IOn: I feel that we are getting 
discussion with students: there was Input, and there is the opportunity. 
student participation in developing I still feel that we could do better, 
the proposals. I wouldn't say that and there is room for more student 
all students are fully 100 percent input. I would hope that if students 
behind the final outcome, but there haw: opinions on our alcohol policy, 

Guardian: What do you see in the 
future of UC5D in the area of 
enrolling more minority and under-
privileged students? 

-

.II 

See WATSON, ,..28 

"This semester 
"ADD" 

Officership 
• Leadership & Management Training 
• Scholarship Opportunities 
• No Military Obligation Incurred 

MS 100A 
MS 201 
MS 351 

CLASSES 
STILL 
OPEN 

ADVERTISING 
POSmONS 

OPEN 
FALL 1987 

TIle Guardia .. 
wants you! Bright 

energetic people are 
needed for the 

position of 
ad"ertieias 

repreHDtati\le. 

For more information, call Major Norris 
Posehn at 265-4943 or visit Trailer T -64 
across from the Women's Gym at S.D.5.U. , 

It's fun, challenging, , 
and great ! 

experience. ! 
Paid on commission! ~ Leadership Excellence Starts Here 

San 
111111 111111' 11""" I I I , 

VISUAL ARTS 
DEPARTMENT 
OPEN CLASSES 
VA 107 - The Object As Sculpture 
Professor ltalo Scanga 
MW, 11:00-1:50 pm, Warren campul 319 
This class consists of creating three-dimensional objects 
by a variety of basic techniques such as building negative 
molds out of cardboard from which a positive object is 
cast in molding plaster. We will also use wood, 
cardboard, and found materials/ objects to explore a 
basic attitude toward sculpture. Besides the studio work, 
there will be lectures and slides with emphasis on 
contemporary work. 

VA 111 • Art Of The Middle Agel 
ProfeslOr SUAn Smith 
MW, 10:00-11:10 am, Mandeville 103 
This course offers a survey of art produced in Western 
Europe from 650 A.D. until the end of the fourteenth 
century. Special attention is given to the self-conscious 
use of classical models in the art of the Lombards, 
Charlemagne, and the Saxon Kings, to the recovery of 
monumentality in Romanesque art, and to the 
development and spread of the Gothic Style as the first 
unified and universal visual language to replace that of 
classical antiquity. Prerequisite: none; western Art I (VA 
11) or Western Art II (VA 12) recommended. 

Call 534-3466 

II III 

Please attend the first class 
session to add 

VA 1UC - Matluc And 'IQUO 
ProfellOr Sally Yard 
Tu/Th,10:GO-11:10 am, MCC 115 
A study of two major artists of the early twentieth 
century: Matisse, the "conservative" modern, and 
Picasso, the "radical" modern. Particular emphasis will 
be placed on the sources and effects of their respective 
innovations within their contemporary c.ontext. 
Prerequisite: none; Western Art n (VA 12) or Nineteenth 
and Twentieth Century Art (VA 14) recommended. 
VA 119D - The SIxties In The U.S.A. 
ProfellOr Sally Yard 
Fri., 9:00-11:50 am, Mandeville 103 
At once ironic, witty and earnest, the art produced in the 
United States during the 1960s will be examined. Pop, 
Minimalism, and Performance will be among the major 
tendencies considered. links with popular culture and 
the pursuit of modernist ideals will be explored. 
VA 151 - Third WOItd Films 
ProfellOr C. FenMr-Lopcz 
Lecture Wed., 6:00-8:50 pm, HSS 1330 
Section 1: Th 12:00-1:50, Mandeville 103; Section 2: Th 
2:00-3:50, Mendeville 103i Section 3: Th 4:00-5:50, 
Mend~lIle 103. 520 Metenals fee Required, 
This quarter, the course will explore various modes, 
approaches, ideas, issues, styles, etc. concerning Third 
World Films, Underdeveloped Third World countries 
such as Africa, Latin America, and Asia will be covered. 
No prerequisites. 

1111111111111111 1111 I I 11111111111. , III , I '" """IIIL 111111 I III III 1111111 

Monday, Stptembtr 21 , 1987 25 

FEATURES 

A place to eat~ drink and be merry 
Refurbished pub welcomes 
students and faculty 

By KAREN KUMM 
SIG./fWriUtr 

To imagine the UCSD Triton 
Pub on any given Friday afternoon 
is, mosllikely, to imagine a place of 
wild and reckless abandon . Fridays 
are busy at the pub, but there is 
something fun going on every other 
day of the week, though most 
students aren't aware of it. 

The pub offers live music on the 
Fridays that don't have T.G.'s -
generally between 4 and 7 pm. the 
pub also hosts events such as 
comedy nights and jazz bands. 
These events are put on by the 
University Events Office and are all 
free of charge. Coordinated around 
other university activities. these 
events average about five nights 
per month. 

"We're trying to get out of men-
tality of only rock and roll at the 
pub," Jim Carruthers, director of 
the student center, said. "If I had 
myway, we'd evenofferchambermusic.· 

The pub attracts big-name local 
groups. such as The Mar Dels and 
Dick Debonair. Both groups have 
already contacted the management, 
requesting to play this fall. When 
featuring big-name groups, the pub 
sometimes opens its doors on Sat-
urday evenings to accommodate 

the actS. Anyone can enter the pub, 
but only those 21 years of age or 
older are allowed alcoholic bever-
age. On Fridays, there are doormen 
who c!leck for 10, and during the 
rest of the week the management 
casts a 'watchful eye." This strict 
enforcement doesn'l alter the pub's, 
aunosphere; it remains an enjoyable 
casual gathering place. The pub IS 
also a popular spot for lunch dates, 
being a pleasant alternative lO the 
school cafeteria. 

Owner Maryanne Davis empha-
sizes the fact that the pub is not 
restricted to srudents 21 and older. 
She enjoys her job and considers 
her business a fun place. ~A lot of . 
people come in and never buy a 
drink; they just like to hang OUl: 
she said. 

Besides serving beer and wi ne at 
low prices, the pub is a great place 
to grab a bite to eal. The grin offers 
items such as sandwiches, burgers. 
pizza, soup, chili and fries, and the 
~daily special- for S2.59. The bar is 
open til 10 pm. and after 7 pm, 
when the grill closes, food can be 
bought at the bar. 

Old fans of the pub win rerum 
this faU to new a and improved 
atmosphere. The outside patio has 
a brand-new image, with newrab\es 
and chairs replacing the rickety 
picnic tables of the past. The inter-

L..I c:::!:it II:) 
U niversity of Callforrlla, 
San Diego 

--.... 

Bryan Biiyeu/GWlrdian 

Owner Davis stands outside of the refurbished Triton Pub. 

ior of the pub has been re-carpeted, 
and the furniture repaired. These 
changes have made room for more 
5eatingspace. Stand-up dining may 
have become a thing of the past. 

The building that houses the 
pub is about 10 yurs old. Prior to 

the pub, it was home for a natural 
foods restaurant. Davis has owned 
the pub with her husband for five 
years. 

As an independent business, the 
pub pays 10 percent of its gross 
income in rent to the university. 

Both Davis and the Associated 
Students contribute $1,500 a quar-
ter toward entertainment. 

"I think the pub belongs to the 
students for their pleasure." Davis 
said. "It was created for the students. 
after all." 

·Whlla Quantities Last 

7:45AM to 5:15PM Monday-Friday 
10:00AM to 4:00PM Saturday 

With extended hours at the beginning of each quarter 
Phone: 534-3770 



' r 

. , 

26 Monday, September 21 , 1987 

Bank of America SaystYes' 
to Students. 

As a college student, everything you do 
now is oriented toward ensuring your 
future success . And Bank of America 
would like to help you achieve that 
goal. We believe in your personal 
success ... now and in the future . 
That's why we say "yes" to students 
by offering you these four important 
banking services. 

Say 'Yes' To A 
Checking Account And 
VERSATEL Card. 

_fO· ... 
~>1-r-.':: ~q----

81 .............. · 1 .... 
.. tOlll.I~ 
:JMI_S.lIf11 11 l o.o.f C""'QIIIlIo<o«ll6o 

I.~ ____ -

Bank of America has the largest 
network in Cal ifornia , with nearly 
900 branches and over 1,300 full -
service VERSATELLER ATMs 
fo r your banking convenience . 
Custom Checking. At Bank of 
America you decide o n the checking 
plan that best suits your particular 
financial needs. 
• Monthly ervice c h arge as lo w 

as $2 .50. 
• N o ch arge for ATM transactions. 
VERSATEL Card. The VERSA TEL 
Card enables you to get at your cash 
whenever and wherever you need it . 
• Mos( convenient full -se rvice, 

24-hour* ATM network in the state 
with over 1.300 ATMs. 

• Immediate access to cash when trav-
elling out of state with over 13,000 
PLUS SYSTEM ATMs throughout 
the U.S. and Canada. ** 

• Pay for purchases at participating 
California merchants-wherever 
you see the INTERLlNK\1C symbol. 

Say 'Yes' To A BankAmericard~ 
We've Made It Easier For 

Students To Qualify! 
Because you a re a student, 
you may not have had the 
time to establish a credit 
history. We've developed a 
special program that makes it 
easier for you to qualify 
for a BankAmericard. 

BankAmericard VISA'!' Or MasterCard. 
• Flexible payment schedule . 
• Wo rldwide acceptance at over 4 .7 

million locations. 
• Fast access to cash at over 110,000 

locations. 
• Overdraft protection linked to your 

B o f A chec king account to avo id 
ho unced checks. 

A BankAmericard will help you estab-
lish a solid credit rating now, while 
you're still in college. So that in the fu-
ture, you can qualify for other types of 
credit, including auto and home loans. 

Say 'Yes' To A Flexible 
Bank of America 
Student Loan Plan. 
At Bank of America, we understand 
that it might be difficult to find cash to 
cover college expenses. We also realize 
every student's needs are different . 
That's why we offer a variety of Student 
Loans that are quick and easy to apply 
for. In fact, most of the steps can be 
accomplished by phone or by mail. 
Student Loans. 
• Your choice of three types of loans 

- ranging from $2,625 to $7.500 
per year. 

• Interest rates geared to a student's 
budget. 

• Easy application and speedy turn-
around. 

• Consolidated loans that a llow for 
easy repayment after graduation. 

Say 'Yes' To The Bank 
That Will Grow With You. 

m Bank of America 
Pl.US SY TEM" IS a trademark of Plus Sytem , Inc . 
·SubJect to routine ystem maintenance 2 a.m. to 
6 a. m. Sunday. "There IS a $1 charge for each 
cash wllhdrawal made al a PLUS SYSTEM ATM 
thaI IS nol 3 VERSATELLER ATM . 

Bdnk of Am."," NT&SA' M.mher FDIC 

Stop By Your Nearby Branch. Or Our Booth On Campus. 
Booth Located In Revelle Plaza September 22 thru 25. 

Atkinson: a view from Up top 
Continued from page 20 
want to stress that everything de-
pends on the quality of education 
they get , the nature of their experi-
ence depends on the quality of the 
faculty. 

Guardian: Can you specIfically state 
how you ensure the quality of the 
faculty? Is it strictly giving them 
good laboratories and salaries? 
Atkinson: To answer that would be. 
nOl a day's discussion but maybe a 
month's discussion. Some univer· 
sities have built up a tradition that 
focuses on recruiting excellent peo· 
pIe and insuring an environment 
where excellent people can do 
excellent work. It's easy to build 
another type of environment at a 
university ... where the faculty is 
really not focused on getting good 
people, but really wanrs to insure a 
comfonable, relaxed lifestyle, and 
not too compttitive an environ-
ment. I spent most of my life at 
Stanford University. I see UC San 
Diego and Stanford as having very 
similar anirudes. Namely, a desire 
to recruit the very beSt people. It's 
not a financial matter, it doesn't 

cost that much more to recruit the but I think we'll be somewhere 
best people. The best people want around 20,000 students. I don't 
to be at an institution that is an think the depanment structure will 
exciting place. I think we have that look any different. Our medical 
characteristic here at UC San Diego. school and the Scripps Institution 
In a state university it's easy to lose of Oceanography will be about the 
track of that goal , but this is one same sij!:e , I would judge. Our 
state universi ty where I think we've graduate school of International 
focused on it very well. Relations will he fully established 
Guardian: Is it easy to lose track by then. I think in the interim, we'll 
because bureaucracy takes- over? - probably estabhsh at I~ast tWO other 
Atkinson: Oh, there are JUSt a graduate schools. W,e ve now made 
thousand different reasons. It's just a proposal [0 es[abhsh at least two 
easier to son of bring on faculty °hth~r graduabte ~f archhltecture, a~d 
and keep them whether. they're t at snow e.ore t e unt~erslty 
doing a good job or not. It's tough system, a~d I su~pect some,lIme 10 
to make quality decisions and to the next fIve or SIX years we II make 
try to ensure that we continue to a proposal to ~stabhsh a graduate 
recruit and retain the best peo Ie. school of busmess. But I would 

P predIct that by the year 2000 the 
Guardian: Can you describe UCSO university probably would not in-
in the year 2000; what you envision volve any additional schools that 
it's going to be? might be candidates. It's going to 
Atkinson: The year 2000 is nor very be an exciting period between now 
far away. · We now have 17,000 and the year 2000. There are going 
students. We're predicting well to be quite a few additional facili -
have aboUt 20,000 studenrs in the ties built, but the core academic 
year 2000. I hope that we can keep character of the campus will not be 
to thatlevel; I hope that we won't go too different. We11 have had Fifth 
much above it. There'll be tremen· College, which will be a very exci!· 
dous pressures on us to go above it, ing development. 

Like most La JoUa and Golden 
Triangle residents, you are lookinc 
for the best il1 style, IIOphistic:ation 
and convenience. That'. what La 
Jolla Village Square and the La 
Jolla Convenience Center are all 
about. Here you'll ftnd May Com· 
pany. Bullock'. Wilabire and over 90 
specialty abopa, convenience .ton. 
and netaurants. U·. a ahoppiDg u -
perience your whole family will 

~. 

magnificent blend of unusual shops, 
fine nllltaurants and lush gardens. 
There's even The Children's 
Mueum for shoppers of all ages. 
Fully climate-controlled for your 
complete comfort. 

Fun and IUD for people on the run! 
No matter what you're lookilll for. 
you'll ftnd it at the La Jolla Conve-
nience Center. Moviee, .... urants. 
eervicea, jp'OCeIiee. all conveniently 
located jUIIt ac:ro. the street from 
La Jolla ViUap Square. Diacover the unique. elepnt am-

biaDce 01 La Jolla ViUap Square •• Por all that you want and all that 

AND CONVENIENCE 

Monday, Stpltmbtr 21,1987 27 

FEATURES 

Rubes® Leigh Rubin 

/ 

J 
"My license, office(? Uh, Ha! Ha! I must have 

left it on my other collar!" 

S THE QUARE 
WITHIN THE 

TRIANGLE 

you need, easy access and easy 
parking, come to the Square 
Within the Golden Trialllle, La 
Jolla Village Square and the La 
Jolla Convenience Center. 

HoIIn: 
M-F 10-9 
SAT 10-6 
SUN 12-6 

8657 Villa La Jolla 
Drift (619) 465-7560 

Exit w.t .. La Jolla Villap 
Drift .. _1-6. 

-



The Arts and Entertainment Section 
Volume 16. Number 1 September 21 . 1987 

HT ~IDDfn RrnOnGST T~f TRfES 

bvevawong 
hiatul editor 

This is the first in a series of 
articles hiatus will be running 
throughout the 1987 ~88 aca~ 
demic year which will spotlight 
the diverse and various arts 
and entertainment outlets loca~ 
ted on the UCSD campus. 

What was originally built 
from several storage sheds in 
1972 as a tommuter lounge 
for UCSD students has now 
become recognized as a flour~ 
ishing art gallery by the greater 
San Diego community. The 
Grove Gallery, which is seques~ 
tered in a eucalpytus grove 
near the Student Center, exhi~ 
bits objects d'art made by stu~ 
dents in classes at the UC 
Crafts Center as well as the 
artwork of local, regional and 
international artists. It re~ 
opens to the public with a 
wine and cheese reception at 6 
pm Tuesday, Sept. 22, in conjunc~ 
non with the opening of "Sangu~ 
ma/Masali;" a show display~ 
ing New Guinea artifacts. 

The commuter lounge of 
the early '70s evolved into 
what it is today, the UC Crafts 
Center and the Grove Gallery 
(the Grove Cafe was added in 
1986), due in part to the dona~ 
tion of ceramic equipment to 
the university. "The equip~ 
ment was housed in the build~ 
ing because of a lack of a 
better space," according to 
Ron Carlson, who has been 
the director of the UC Crafts 
Center I Grove Gallery since 

1977. Ceramics, photography 
and stained glass were the three 
disciplines which were taught 
at the Crafts Center in 1972, 
and have been expanded upon 
since. But the ceramic classes 
"still remain our most prolific 
area - have the most activity 
in these classes," says Carlson. 

One of the reasons the 
Grove Gallery opened in the 
Spring of 1983, was to help 
keep prices down for students 
taking craft classes. This was 
accomplished by generating 
money through the showcas~ 
ing and selling of work made 
at the Crafts Center. Accord~ 
ing to Carlson, "The Grove 
Gallery was my idea, (but at 
first) the Grove Gallery was 
not completely idealistic. We 
wanted a gallery store to make 
some money to help fund the 
Crafts Center. We always 
wanted to keep prices down 
for students and prices have 
really jumped over the years .. 
We try not to pass all that 
expense over to the students. 

Carlson continues, "The 
Grove Gallery (also) came out 
of a need to exhibit work 
made at the Crafts Center, all 
we had prior to that was our 

semi~annual ceramic sales. 
That was the only time people 
could see what we did. We 
wanted to draw people into 
the Crafts Center [because] 
we're very proud of what is 
made here and we wanted to 

exhibit it." 
In the four years the Grove 

Gallery has been open (accord~ 
ing to Carlson), a balance has 
been created between the store 
and the gallery. All the money 
made in the store is now used 
to support shows in the gallery 
rather than to supplement the 
classes, although that was the 
original premise. 

The pieces sold in the gallery 
range from inexpensive jewelry 
such as rings and earrings, to 
elaborate wall hangings and 
ceramics. One of the purposes 
of running the store, in addi-
tion to supporting shows in 
the gallery, which occasion~ 
ally are from private collec-
tions where individual items 
are not sold, is to offer high 
quality things at low prices. 
Says Carlson, "There is very 
little on the campus that is 
available to students that have 
any class. If you go to the 
bookstore or the sundry store, 
what is availabler Pretty stan~ 
dard stuff. We wanted to offer 
something above average. " 

The handiwork that is sold 
in the gallery is geared toward 
the student because it is the 
student who buys a lot more 
since the gallery is located on 
the campus. "Occasionally on 
a Saturday, someone from out 
of town will drop a goodly 
sum of money on something, 
and that really helps to main-
tain the stOfe," says Carlson. 

"We have low end stuff -you 
can buy a pair of earrings at 
$5, and we have high end stuff 
- you can buy ceramic for 
$1,500. The store is an envi-
ronment, we try to have a lot 
of things that are obtainable 
by students with low prices 
and we still like to have some 
very expensive things, almost 
as (a kind of permanent) exhi-
bit in the store." 

Though the exhibitions in 
the Grove Gallery have broa-
dened from showing pieces 
made at the Crafts Center to 
displaying ethnic and interna-
tional art, the unde!'lying focus 
is still on exhibiting artworks 
that are disciplines offered at 
the Crafts Center. Says Carl-
son, "It's a kind of passive 
recruitment to show people 
what we have in glass shows, 
photography, ceramics, paint-
ing and drawing, (in addition 
to) showing things not nor-
mally seen on campus like 
ethnic art." 

The first exhibit of the aca-
demic year, "Sanguma/ Ma-
sali," which runs from Sept. 
22 through Oct. 24, is a private 
collection of artwork valued 
at more than $32,000. Among 
the 1100bjects to be exhibited 
are ritual masks, a canoe with 
an engraved crocodile prow, 
spears, decorative dance cos-
tumes, totems - including a 
nine-foot snake totem, and a 

ten~foot high orator's stool, 

-

which is used as a type of 
podium where tribesmen 
gather to discuss tribal mat-
ters. The artifacts belong to 
Leslie Anne Martin, who was 
born and raised in Papua New 
Guinea. Martin will be at the 
gallery Tuesday evening during 
the opening reception to an-
swer questions and discuss the 
histories of the various pieces 
displayed. 

The Grove Gallery is open 
from 10 am to 5 pm, Tuesday 
through Friday, and from 10 
am to 2 pm on Saturday. 

Inside: 

goings on . . . . . .. 30 

rem In review . . .. 31 

computer 
anlmaHon . . . . . .. 32 

hans haacke: 
atUMCA . . . . . ... 32 

robert vaughn and 
the shadows. . . . . 34 



goings-on 
J 

AIDS . In addition, KSDO 
phone lines will be used to 1..-__________ conduct a viewer l listener "tele~ 

KPBS Television (channel 
15) and KSDO~AM Radio 
( 1130) will co~produce a live, 
four -hour special , "AIDS: 
THe San Diego Story," that 
will be simulcast on both sta~ 
tions Wednesday, September 
30, from 7 to 11 pm. The 
program focuses on how San 
Diego is reacting to the per-
nicious epidemic. " AIDS: The 
San Diego Story" will feature 
five segments: projections on 
the spread of the disease in 
San Diego and around the 
world; the latest medical infor~ 
mati on and updates on sci-
entific research; available 
patient care; public education; 
and an examination of the 
social, political and ethical is-
sues surrounding AIDS. Each 
of the five segments will fea~ 
ture a short video docu~ 
mentary and discussion with 

in~studio guests. Viewers and 
listeners will also be able to 
call in questions throughout 
the four~hour program. The 
on-camera guests include ex~ 
pens on AIDS from the Uni-
vers ity of California , San 
Diego, the San Diego County 
Health Department, medical 
insurance providers, the local 
AIDS task fo rce, San Diego 
schools and patients with 

poll, " surveying public atti ~ 
tudes about the disease . 

Every Tuesday through Sun-
day nights, the Improvisation 
features three comedy routines 
with many familiar faces from 
television and movies. Sharing 
the billing for the week of 
September 22~26 at the Im~ 
provisation are two very pop-
ular and local funnymen. Russ 
T . Nailz, the 1987 Laff~Off 
winner and Mark Eubanks, 
the 1986 Laff~Off winner . 
Since winning the April con~ 
test, Russ T., a La Mesa native, 
has been filling engagements 
in just about every city but 
San Diego! While Mark, the 
1986 winner and Vista resi~ 
dent, has also been making the 
rounds on the comedy circuit. 
Mark also made his film debut 
in "Teachers." Opening for 
Russ T. and Mark is Frank 
King. Frank won the San Diego 
Laff-Off in 1985. The show~ 
times are 8 and 9:45 pm Sun~ 
days; 8 & 10 pm Mondays 
and Thursdays; 8 pm Tuesdays 
and Wednesdays ; 8, 10, & 
11:45 pm Fridays ; 7:30, 9:30 
and 11: 15 pm Saturdays. Mon-

R' 
30 hiatus, September 21,19&7 

day nights (10 pm shows) are 
audition nights when anyone 
can get up on stage and try 
their hand at comedy. The 
improvisation is located at 
832 Garnet Avenue in Pacific 
Beach. For reservations and 
information call 483~4520. 

Versatile UCSD violinist, 
Janos Negyesy, will be making 
his premiere viola recital, Sun-
day September 27 at 8 pm in 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. 
The program will include "So~ 
nata and Songs" by Brahms, 
"Sonata" by Bax, "La Folia" 
by Carelli, and "Rumanian 
Dances" by Bartok. Admis~ 
sion is $5 general admission, 
$3 seniors and students. For 
more information, call 534~ 
5405. 

••• As part of Humphrey's Con-
cert's by the Bay series, Kenny 
G. performs during the week-
end of September 26 and 27. 
Showtimes nightly are 7 and 9 
pm. Tickets for these shows 
can be obtained at Ticketmas-
ter outlets or at Humphrey's 
Restaurant located at 2241 
Shelter Island Drive. For re~ 
corded concert information, 
224-9438. 

The San Diego Museum of 
Man is accepting applications 

for its docent program in 
which volunteers are trained 
to guide groups through the 
museum. Classes will begin 
October 16 and will be held 
one morning a week through 
February. Docents learn the 
principles of anthropology, 
human origins and reproduc~ 
tion, and the history and cul-
ture of native American In~ 
dians. Besides guiding tours, 
volunteers also work in the 
museum's outreach program 
for the city and county schools 
and help with special cultural 
fairs. A separate program held 
on Saturdays prepares docents 
to answer questions about the 
museum and show artifacts to 
Saturday afternoon visitors. 
For more info, 239-2001. 

••• 
"San Diego: A Seasonal Hap-

pening" is the first in a series 
of holiday events to benefit 
the San Diego AIDS project. 
Great American Arts, a non~ 
profit organization designed 
to support some of San 
Diego's non~profit services 
and agencies, invites San Diego 
artists to participate in this 
fund raising program by submit 
ing designs for a holiday greet-
ing card project. Art work for 
the greeting cards will be selec~ 
ted from the entries. Deadline 
for submission is September 
30. For more information, call 

234-70100rwriteGreatAmeri~ 
can Arts and Exposition Cor~ 
poration, Gaslamp Court, 731 
5th Ave., Suite #5, San Diego, 
CA,92110. 

Mammals are the subject of 
films shown during the month 
of September at the San Diego 
Natural History Museum in 
Balboa Park. In "Monkeys, 
Apes and Man," a 52-minute 
color film, to be shown on 
Saturday and Sunday, Septem~ 
ber 26 and 27, scientists study 
our non-human relatives. View~ 
ing is free with gen-
eral admission of $3 for adult 
and $1 for students age 6 
through 18. For more infor-
mation on films shown during 
the month of September, call 
232-3821. 

"Art Book Sale: Ordinary 
and Extraordinary" will be 
held on Saturday, September 
26 from 10 am to 5 pm to 
benefit the Athenaeum School 
of the Arts, at 1008 Wall 
Street in La Jolla. On the front 
patio of the Athenaeum, you 
will find books dealing with 
all aspects of art. Every subject 
imaginable will be represented. 
Also, there will be art peri-
odicals and boxes of art related 
items for the "Sunday pain-
ter." And on the back patiO of 
the Athenaeum, for a nominal 
donation, you may partake of 
wine, cheese and rare art 
books. AlI funds go toward 
support of the Athenaeum 
School of the Arts. 

-compiled by eva wonK 

J J music In review 
--' 

Document explores new terrain between sips of alcohol. Why do the heathens rage behind the 
firehouse/ where peewee sits upon 
the wall to preach? / Boys and 
girls gather pearls of wisdom 
falling from his mouth / wash of{ 
the blood, wash off the Tum. The 
song is haunting and humorous 
at the same time, and by far 
and away the best song of the 
album. 

by david forman 
hiatus staff writer 

REM's seventh offering, and 
third in just over a year, "Docu-
ment," is yet another rung on 
the Athens band's ladder of 
success. The album, which gui~ 
tar player Peter Buck describes 
as "a loose, weird, semi-live in 
the studio album," reflects an 
emerging struggle between hold-
ing true to the sound that has 
bolstered them atop college 
charts for the past five years, 
and achieving their goals of 
reaching a wider commercial 
audience. As a result "Docu~ 
ment" is their most uneven 
album to date (save their compi~ 
lation of 'b' side songs found 
on "Dead Letter Office" re~ 
leased earlier this year), but it 
is most likely the album to 
catapult them to the greater 
success they seek. 

The lead song, "Finest Work-

measure . This rap evokes im-
ages of people and places, both 
past and present, before refer-
ring back to the title. It's 
REM's first 'diddy.' 

Despite their attempts to 
reach a larger commercial aud~ 
ience, REM is at their best 
when they stay within the style 
they know best: heavy guitars, 
obscure melodies and haunting 
lyrics. On "Document" they 
save the very best for last. 
While the rest of the album 
wavers between what they want 
and what they need, the last 
two songs of "Kings of Birds" 
and "Oddfellows Local 151" 
shows that REM still finds 
strength in their roots . "Kings 
of Birds" mezmerizes the list-
ener from the start with a sitar 
and slowly pounding drum, 
and it keeps the slow pace 
throughout the song, with lyr-
ics layered upon lyrics, and 

rhythms pounding over rhy-
thms until you are completely 
caught in its web. In it, Stipe 
sings, Standing on the shoulders 
of giants leaves me cold. The 
line is telling, given the direc~ 

tion the band is heading. In 
"Odd fellows local 151, .. REM 
sketches a caricature of the 
type of twisted personality who 
may have been "spooling" off 
the fables of the reconstruction 

REM band members - Mike Mills, Bill Berry, Peter Buck , Michael 
Stipe. 

"Document" isn't a disap-
pointment but it is a departure 
from the moody styles of their 
earlier album~;. Credit should 
be given to them f.or experi-
menting with their musical 
style, even it if doesn't always 
work. But if their best songs 
on "Document" are any indi~ 
cation, fans should expect 
great things to come from one 
of the best and most prolific 
bands in the 1980s. (After last 
year's disaster, do you think 
that we could convince REM 
to come back to UCSD for a 
new show, if we promise to 
behave? 

song" illustrates this struggle ,-- --------- -------------------------------------
in both its words and music. 
Lead singer Michael Stipe 
sings, "Take your instincts b:y 
the reigns/it's better, best to re-
arrange/what we want and what 
we need has been confused." 
The song's music seems re-
strained, though there is a 
terrific rock and roll song be~ 
neath the band's cautious play~ 
ing. The opposite is the prob-
lem with "Strange" (a cover 
of a "Wire" song), and "lighten-
ing Hopkins." Both show the 
band's strength to play hard, 
yet both songs lack a heart 
beneath their fero\=ious skins. 

There are points on "Docu~ 
ment" where this struggle 
works pOSitively, as on "Dis~ 
turbance atthe Heron House," 
and the first single off the 
album "The One I Love." 
Both songs have a bright com~ 
mercia I sound which is virtual-
ly nonexistent on any of REM's 
earlier albums; both also man-
age to retain the rich melodies 
and haunting, moody vocals 
which has been the trademark 
of REM's finest songs through-
out their careers. On "The 
One I Love, to Mike Mills 
pounds the drums and Peter 
Buck strains his guitar as Mi~ 
chael Stipe laments, "This one 
goes out to the one I love / this one 
goes ·out to the one I left behind/ 
just a prop. to occupy my time." 
The song displays moments of 
dreamlike expression. One gets 
the feeling that they could 
have written parts of it in their 
sleep. 

Perhaps the most resistance 
that REM has met up with 
since releasing their first EP, 
"Chronic Town," in 1982, is 
Michael Stipe's hypnotic, inde-
cipherable singing style. Stipe, 
whose voice rings with a mys-
ticism that is both harrowing 
and distant, as well as folkish, 
has been accused of everything 
from shallowness to evoking 
acumen. The song loses its 
poignancy though, through its 
blatant commercialism. "It's 
the End of the World as We 
Know It " is REM' send up of 
Bob Dylan' "Subterranean 
Homesick Blues" with a touch 
of the Beatles', "I Am the 
Walrus" thrown in for good 

Two Incredibly Deli 
Anthony's 

Shrimp & Fries Co 
for the Price of 0 

"Mr. Shrimp" is our little bait to 
invite you to experience quick and 
inexpensive seafood dining at 
Anthony's New La Jolla Fishette. Our 
famous shrimp & fries combo comes 
with tender battered shrimp, criSp 
garden salad and complimented 
with our fresh cut golden french 
fries. Join us at the New La Jolla Fish-
ette for dinner indoors or outdoors 
on the patio. 

Cut out our "Mr. Shrimp" coupon 
and bring him into the Fishette at 
Anthony's La Jolla with one of 
your friends and receive 2 shrimp 
& fries combos for the price of one. 

Good for the shrimp & fries combo 
at the Anthony's La Jolla Fishette 

only. Available from 4-8 p.m. only. 
Offer expires October 30, 1987 

Quick Service Seafood Menu- Open Daily 
FI.bette - La Jolla Village Drive at Regents Rd. 

(Anthony 's La Jolla)' 457-0597 

September 21. 1987 hiatus 31 



Singing 
pineapples 
by john shaw 
hiatua at.ff writer 

LaJolla, considered by some 
to be the very essence of high 
society, is now home to singing 
pineapples, aging rock stars , 

and athlete's foot. 
In a community where high 

tech toy stores and art galler-
ies crowd the city's streets, it 
comes as no surprise that com-
puter animation is currently 
the main attraction in its nation-
ally recognized art museum. 

For the second year in a 
row, the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art is pres-
enting "The Art of Computer 
Animation," a collection of 
short films, commercials, and 
rock videos all boasting com-

puter generated graphics. 
Computer animation is a 

remarkable technological won-
der that can be both visually 
stunning and emotionally ab;orb-
ing. Unfortunately, as evi-
denced by the presentation, a 
great majority of those produ-
cing computer animated films 
and commercials spend more 
time developing the graphics 
than the plot. 

With the exception of a few 
short films like "Luxo, Jr ." 
and "Red's Dream, II most of 

was "Red's Dream," a simi-
larly touching film about a 
lonely un:cycle's dream of accep-
tance and love. Films like these 
eclipse the moremwldaneCDl1lIl1el'-
cia Is for Desinex, videos for 
Mick Jagger, and network 
logos that make up the bulk of 
the show. 

creative mind . As artists begin 
to take advantage of the poten-
tial this medium has to offer, 
more creative and entertaining 
productions are bound to 
make their way to television 
screens and museums around 
the country. For now, how-
ever, audiences must endure 

___ _ _ ______________ ______ ---, the material seemed to be little 

-:.",; . '. -c ' ," 
~'_~~_i; . '-~ 

ii1< .f!!!I;,;t. ~-... ';--.. 
. .::::.~ ....... ~ .. ~- .. ~ .<e,.,.~ ..... ~ .. . .. _~...,._,. ,_. 
~i"~,_ . ~f"'.;a' ~ .. 

IN'IRODUCiNtnIE 
ATM-CHECKlNG~ 
ACCOUNT 

Only for ATM users. Only $3.50 a month. 
Sound like your kind of 

banking? 
It should if you do your day-

to-day banking at ATMs. 
ow ~lIs Fargo comes 

through with a special checking 
account tor people who prefer 
the convenience of ATM banking. 

The new ATM-Checking 
Account gives you unl imited use 
of over 1200 Express top' auto-
mated te ller machines, 24 hours 
a day, 7 days a week. 

Plus unlimited checkwriting 

with no per-check charges. And 
no minimum balance required. 

All tor just $3.50 a month. 
And you can use your ~lls 

Fargo ATM card for purchases 
and cash at all participating 
ARCa, Food Basket and Carl's Jr. 
locations in the San Diego area. 

So It you don't use the fu ll 
services of your bank tu make 
deposits and withdrawals, why 
pay the full service charg ? Open 
an ATM-Checking Account today. 
Only at ~lIs Fargo Bank. 

WELLS FARGO BANK 
. . . Now 18 offices in the San Diego area: 
San D'ego Main 0 111 I' Balboa Avenu OI/iCE~ Carlsbad-Oceanside Ollie,> ,I ~I ~st Broadway 6545 Balboa Ave. 27UI Vista Way . 
238·6300 238-6415 2:.J6-8416 
33rd and EI Cajon Office Kearney·Mesa Ollice Encinilas Ollice 3299 EI Cajon Blvd. 9360Clairemont M'sa Hlvd. 2iM EI Camino Real 236-8,531 292-9226 9I/2-S61:l 
Tijuana Border OlIice MiSSion Valley Olli '1' I':",:undido OllieI' 723 East San Ysidro Blvd. 123 Camino Dc La Reilla 125 North Broadway Avc. 428-6171 2:111-6401 :tlfi·1I441 
EI CajOn OllieI' Pacific I3cach Offin' l..a jolla 011 In' 512 Fletcher Parkway 1302 Garnet 51. i714 Girard Aw 440-6252 236·8,5]4 4.51 -0:161 
].;1 M 'sa Olflce Rallcho Hcrnardo 011 Ice Del Mdr (>IIit'(' 46~5 Palm Ave. ]6730 Bernardo ent er Dr. 271U Via De L.t Vall£' 464-8460 238-648~ :!:111·6456 
Grossmont Oll iLe Mira Mesa Ollicc Chula Vista 0 111 l' SCi)] Grussmont Center Dr. 10707 Camino Ruiz :199 H Street 461·8S()() 56(;·OO~O " . 2:1R';I9( XJ . ' 
32 hiatus, September 21 1987 

more than novel exercises in 
computer programming. Sev-
eral of the animated shorts 
started out with interesting 
premises and spectacular gra-
phics, but ended abruptly and 
unresolved. 

Part of the problem with 
computer animation is the astro-
nomical amount of time and 
money needed to produce a 
substantial work . It is not un-
common for sponsors to pay 
anywhere from $500 to 
$2,500 a second for a compu-
ter animated commercial. 

One the computer-generated animations seen at the La Jolla 

This year's show recycled a 
lo t of material from last year's 
co llection. Fortunately, the 
better material was selected to 
be re-screened. One such film 
is the c ri t ica ll y acclaimed 
"Luxo, J r. , II the short story of 
two la mps t ha t someho w 
manage to displa y truly heart-
warming emotions in less than 
two minutes. Also screened 

Museum of Contemporary Art. 
For someone who is unfami-

liar with computer animation, 
this presentation will serve as 
an entertaining sample of the 
kind of work being produced 
today . On a more critical level, 
one no tices the disparity of 
creativity among the various 
productions. 

Once again, technology has 
advanced faster than has the 

the mediocre in wait of the 
exceptional. 

"The Art of Computer Ani-
mation" will be screened Thurs-
day, September 24 through 
Monday , September 28 . 
Shows begin at 7 and 9 pm 
and on Saturday and Sunday 
there is an additional 4 pm 
show. Tickets are $6 at the 
door. 

Haacke exploits exploiters 
by charles duston 

Hans Haacke is an artist 
wit~ a message: Art, politics 
and business are bound up 
together in an alliance that has 
a frightening effect on our 
social lives. A retrospective 
sho w of hi s works , "Hans 
H aac ke: Unfinished Busi-
ness," currently on exhibit at 
the La JoUa MuseumofContem-

porary Art, makes that abun-
dantly clear. 

"MetroMobilitan ," a strik-
ing fiberglass construction resem-
bling the Metropolitan Mu-
seum o f Art in New York, 
greets the gallery visitor with a 
photomural of a fun eral pro-
cession in South Africa. 
Metropolitan depicts power, 

Filled with oonfidence, Roger enters 
his first fraterni1(y mbcer. 

... 

Zeltur Itur NawraJ tlavurW Soda 
fIlach. RaspbeM',Y Black <l1eM',Y. B1uebeM',Y 
VaruIla Creme. not to mention Cola BeM',Y 

SornetJung total(y else III the worki 

social injustice, and the fact 
that our great museums are 
bound together in one, ironic, 
hypocritical embrace. 

Within the gallery, o ther 
Haacke pieces further develop 
his themes and ideas. Six 
plaques, "On Social Grease, " 
present the viewer with the 
words of David and Nelson 
Rockefeller, Nixon, Dillon, Frank 
Stanton and Robert Kingsley ; 
each of whom proclaims the 
value of art in furthering the 
ends of business, culture. and 
government. 

Along the wall, across from 
"Social Grease," 14 posters 
trace the economic history of 
one painting - Seurat's "Les 
Po se us es." Thi s painting 
rassed from the artist's brush 
in 1888; was given to a fri end 
in 1892; sold for 4,000 francs 
in 1910; $40,000 in 1936; 
and $1 ,033,200 in 1970. The 
posters that reveal Haacke's 

Please see HAACKE, page 33 

to J 1. 1" La\crJC't, Arplc LI~l'rWr!lcr. 
Corona LP300 eiC. 

Don't discard 
your used cartridge . . II 
Get them recharged. I 

l'f)pi (' r~ I'rinf(' r~ 
BLACK £.\0 540 
COLORS 10 . M 
Free Pick·up/Delivery 

Toner Di tributurs 
~19 Orel1ld IVJY. C.trl,b.ld. CA ~~OO8 

foil), 4 , ~XII. 

Haacke 
Continued rrom page 32 
personal feelings on such "infla-
tion" are accompanied by a 
very fair copy of the original 
work. 

Haacke can also be light-
hearted in his artistic state-
ment. A broken snow shovel, 
with its enamel plaque, read-
ing, "Art & Argent A Tous 
Les Etages," appears to be a 
humorous reference to Marcel 
Duchamp's infamous snow sho-
vel work of 1915. Here, 
Haacke seems to be comment-
ing not only on what big busi-
ness can do to art, but what 
the artist himself can some-
times get away with . 

The South African connec-
tion is further explored in the 
magnificent table-piece, 
"Buhrlesque.!' An embroid-
ered black tablecloth with appli-
ques, a pair of Bally's shoes 
with dripping candles, and pan-
els detailing the works of 
Oerlikon-Buhrle of Zurich, Switz-
erland, all point to the ironic 
fact that this corporation, in a 
country that escaped both 
World Wars I and 11, had, in 
fact, supplied anti-aircraft 
guns to Hitler. 

Haacke's fury against west-
ern support of the South Afri-
can regime is also evident in 
his "We Believe in the Power 
of Creative Imagination." 
With this work Haacke 
mocks the "world leader in 
small arms and ammunition," 
Fabrique National Herstal S.A. 

Now is the time to make 
yOur choice. Because 
every ArtCarved coUege 
ring - from handsome 
traditional to contempo· 
rary styles - is on sale 
now! You'U he impressed 
with the fine ArtCarved 
craftsmanship that's 
backed by a fuU Lifetime 
Warranty. And you'U 
appreciate the savings. 
Don't miss out! 

1beQuality 
1be Craftsmanship. 
1be Ret(l(lrd }f)u Deseroe. 

(FN) of Belgium. Using their 
own words, the artist exposes 
the evident hypocrisy in announc-
ing the "Browning Creativity 
Prize." Three panels, like a 
modern black and white trip-
tych from some "hellish" 
shrine, detail the prize announce-
ment, as juxtaposed by the 
artist. Entitled, "In the South 
African Army," these panels 
display photographs of South 
African soldiers marching in 
gas masks, shooting in the 
street, and standingover stretched-
out bodies on the ground. 
With his piece, "The Right to 
Life," Haacke shifts his target 
across the Atlantic, to North 
America. The radiant, smiling 
Breck girl beams down at the 
gallery visitor. But, below her 
image, in the elegant style of 
those Breck shampoo ads, the 
text reveals a story of frighten-
ing import. Because Breck em-
ployees may be exposed to 
toxic chemicals in their line of 
work, they are offered a 
choice: "They can be reas-
signed to a possibly lower pay-
ing job ... they can leave ... or 
they can have themselves steri-
lized. " 

Across the room from the 
Breck girl smile, a sterilization 
of another sort is detailed. 
Here, stretching along two 
walls, hang the photo-essay 
piece that got Haacke actually 
thrown ou't of the Guggenheim 
in 1971. "Shapolksy et al ... " 
is a series of photographs and 
charts detailing the holdings 
of a certain New York clan of 
landlords. In rejecting this 

piece, Guggenheim direcotor 
Thomas Messer called it "an 
alien substance that had en-
tered the art museum orga-
nism." But, due to the "ironic 
touch at which Haacke seems 
to excel, this quote can read as 
a veiled reference to big bus-
iness - which not only has 
invaded, but completely in-
fests, the museum world. 

The last room of the 
Haacke show might be con-
sidered by some the finest. A 
portrait of Ronald Reagan, 
looking worried, behind a 
brass, protective chain, faces 
off along a woven red carpet, 
toward a huge photo blow-up 
of an arms demonstration. Be-
tween Reagan and the mar-
chers hangs a large portrait of 
Margaret Thatcher. Not only 
are these two portraits in them-
selves well-executed, but the 
means in which they are sit-
uated in the room makes a 
strong statement regarding the 
alliance between the "gipper" 
and the "iron lady. II 

Studying the painting ofTha-
tcher, one notices the book-
case behind her. On the top 
shelf, two cracked porcelain 
plates carry the images ofMau-
rice and Charles Saatchi, mas-
ters of the world's largest ad-
vertising agency; the agency 
that handled the prime mini-
ster's campaign. In the midst 
of this portrait, the artist again 
and again is making his case; a 
case that involves shOWing 
that the Saatchis are notorious 
art collectors; buying up 
whole carloads of work and 

From Hans Haacke: Unfinished Business a , blow-up 
demonstration. 

inflating the price, then dump-
ing them on the market, causing 
a significant lowering of their 
previous value. In another 
piece "Global Marketing," 
Haake takes direct aim at the 
South African connections of 
the Saatchi brothers. 

The entire show, politically 
pointed nonetheless makes a 
strong case for Haacke's art-
istic skill. His handiwork is as 
skilled as his ideas are tough to 
ignore. It is clear, from this 
show, why Hans Haacke is so 
highly regarded in the contem-
porary art world. 

"Hans Haacke: Unfinished 
Business," and the accom-
panying group-showing of Los 
Angeles artists, "LA2DA," con-

tinues through Sept. 27 at the 
La Jolla Museum of Contem-
porary Art, 700 Prospect 
Street. Admission is free 5 to 
9 pm, Tuesday-Sunday; $3 
adults and $1 students 10 am~ 
5pm. 

H1ATlJ~ 
8-016, L.t Jolla, CA 92093 

Editor 
EVA WONG 

Associate Editor 
SUSIE BEEL 

Hi'III~S is publisheJ ever 
ThursJay llt' [he a.:aJ ... mic 
ear as a suppl ... n .... nr [() rh 

UCSD GLUtrJt<l11. 

CRAFTS 
CENTER 

REGISTRATION WEEK 
2 6 SEPTEMBER 22 

Sept. 21-25 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. University Bookstore 

, 1181 Artf'anN Class lin.!II. Deposit ReqUIred FOR MORE INFORMATION 
534 202 1 

September 21, 1987, hIatus 33 



Out of 
the 

Shado\Vs 
by rebecca jaurilUe 
hiaru, Itaif writer 

"Perseverance brings recogni-
tion," said Robert Vaughn. 

This local musician s ho uld 
kno w. The debut album by 
Robert Vaughn and the Sha-
dows, titled " Love and War" 
came out in June on Island 
Records -the same label as 
U2's releases. Since then, the 
San Diego-based rock band's 
single , "Justice," has been sel-
ected for airplay on nearly 
120 radio stations across the 
nation - including KGB, 91X, 
and KROQ, as well as WNEW~ 
New York and WMGM~At~ 

lantic City. 
T he band has recently been 

noted in Bi llboard magazine 
and the Los Angeles Times. In 
late September, Robert Vaughn 
and the Shadows will open for 
The Tubes in Arizona and also 
perform on " American Band~ 
stand." Not bad at all for a 
band that started playing out 
of Vaughn's garage in Point 
Lorna . 

" Do you know what a mira~ 
c1e it is for a band from San 

Brings back the $300 Deal! 
See 5 plays for only $15 when 
you buy the COUPON BOOK 
Redeem coupons for any UCSD Theatre 
play at the Mandell Weiss Center and 
Warren Theatre all season long. +}; 
Bring friends or come singly .. it's all 
up to you at a savings of 
40% off regular ticket prices. 

CALL 534·3793 NOW! 
Coupons ar~ r"d~emable for ~vents produced by UCSD Department of Theatre only, and not for l,m,ted 
enga~em<n[ events. oupons may be redeemed al Ihe Mandell Weiss Center Ticket Office, beginning September 
29. Season opens November 6. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Rare J apanese War 
Films to be shotvn in 
UCSD History Course 
Fall quarter, 1987, fi rs t class starting September 28, 198 7, 
Mondays from 1:00~3:50 p.m., Peterson Hall 104 ; 
Mondays from 6:o0~9:00 p. m., Peterson Hall 104 (we still 
have space in this section.) 

Diego to be on Island Records?" 
Vaughn asked . " We developed 
a sound that comes through 
hard work ." 

Si~ce the late '70s, Vaughn 
had been part of the local 
music seene with bands called 
the New Presidents and the 
hubcaps . With the Shadows 
(guitarist Anthony Daluz, bas~ 
sist Doug Boone, drummer 
Greg La Rocca, pianist Jon 
Nau, saxophonist Steve Koch~ 
erehans), Vaughn appeared on 

EYEGL.USES 
Indudcs 'f04JI prescription In cte. __ 
or pIMtk: In frame of 'f04JI chOIce from 
our sub\a't)en SdcctIon. Your doctot'l 

pracripdons filled. 

I PAIlS SINGLE VISION 

'61 I PAIlS .FOCAI.S 
'7. 

...... ........ 
...... a ..... P*. 

three 91X " Homegro wn" com-
pilatio n LP's. Then, after s ix 
years of sending out numerous 
demonstration tapes and show~ 
casing on the local club circuit, 
the band was noticed by rep-
resentatives from Exit Records, 
the northern California subsi-
diary of Island Records. 
"Love and War" started hap-
pening in the summer of 1986 
---an album with a huge, straight~ 
forward sound and volatile, 

Pleasc see SHADOWS, page 37 

Includes Exam, Lens 
Determinetion and 
InstructJon end FoHow up 
visit. (Cere kit eddItIoneU 

~ WEElCEHDER 
SOFT CONTACT 

LENSES 

.11 •••• ~e~"::,= 
and follow-up visit. 

.... ,... .......... _.dIIIy--
farlllM~"""""""'" 
............ ..,-r __ tIIe 

______ 0# .... 

Dr. Ronald Short 00 : 
The Broadway, University Towne Center I 

I 
451-0334/453-1060 x266 : L __________________________ • 

WELCOME BACK 
UCSD 

The Best Shows In Town are at 

DEOGALLERY 
. • WE CATER TO STUDENTS 

• NO CREDIT CARD NECESSARY 

S ix rare Ja~anese films from the World W ar II period will be featured In a new course to be offered at the University of California, San Diego this fall. 
The course, entitled "World War Two in Asia - Film, Fantasy and Fact," 

will be taught by Professor John W. Dower, who holds the Joseph Naiman 
chair in History and Japanese Studies. 

The six films, all produced between 1938 and 1947, are subtitled in 
English and have just become available for viewing in the United States. 
They include two claSSIC propaganda films from the late 1930s, Fi"e Scou ts 
(1938) and Airplane Dro~ (1 939), as well as an experimental 1939 
documentary film from the China war entitled Soldiers at the Front which 
was banned from the Japanese Imperial Ar~y . 

Representing the years when Japan was at war with the United States is 
T he M ost Beautiful, one of the first films made by the great director Akira 
Kurosawa . Released in 1944, this "home front" drama depicts the livf;!s of 
women workers in a wartime optical lens factory. 

The course also will feature cartoons and other graphics from the war 
years, as well as the brilliant propaganda fi lm Know Your Enemy -Japan, 
produced for the U .S. Army by Frank Capra in 1945 . 

Professor Dower is the author of War Withour M ercy: Race and P aWl,!, in 
the Pacific War, which won the 1986 National Book Critics Circle prize for 
general nonfict ion. His course will be repeated on Mondays from 1 to 4 
p.m. and 6 to 9 p.m. beginning September 28. Both the afternoon and 
evening sessions are scheduled for 104 Peterson Building on UCSD's Third 
College Campus. For more information, contact the Department of History ' 
at either 534-3613 or 534-1996. 

I • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

34 hiatus, September 21 . 1987 

• NO DEPOSIT REOUIRED for qualified renters 
• RENT VIDEO RECORDERS/lVS 

AND CAMERAS 
• HUGE SELECTION OF MOVIES 

NEW RELEASES: BURGLAR. BLIND DATE 
• NICE GIRLS DON'T EXPLODE . STAR TR EK IV 
• RAISING ARIZONA. MANNEOUIN 
COMING SOONI PLATOON 

- Bring 1IIls Ad to Rent ~ne Movie -
and get a second rental for •••• , 

O~ Expirrs 10/1/87 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
8I4J Villa La Jolla Dr. - Ralph'. C.nt ... 

a.cw .... Crown Boob and Oleo 
HOURS: Sun.-Thun. 11-1 - Fri.-Slit. 11-10 

450-1554 La Jolla 

:~ 

'~~' 
.', 

:~l 

I 
.:. 

.', !~l 
::: 
'.' I 
',' 

::: 
.', 

::: 

.. 

:~ 
:11 
:.: 
.. , 

~l~ 
:.: 
.', 

',' 

;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: ..... :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':':':':':':':':':':':':':'.':':':':':':'.':':'.':':': ... :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: ... :.:.:.:.:.:.;. 

Jazz 

October 11, Sunday 
G.A. $11.00. Students $7.00 

UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $9.00 
Jazz Fusion 

October 21, Wednesday 
G.A. $11.00. Students $7.00 

. UCSD Fae/Staff &: Sr.Cit. $9.00 

',1 . ,~. -.J I: · . 
October 24, Saturday 
G.A. $13.00. Students $9.00 

UCSD Fae/Staff &: Sr. Cit. $11.00 

as Thomas Edison 
November 1, Sunday 
G.A. $11.00. Students $7.00 

UCSD Fae/Staff &: Sr .Clt. $9.00 

Korean Dancers & Drummers 
November 4, Wednesday 

G.A. $12.00. Students $8.00 
UCSD Fae/Staff &: Sr.Cit. $10.00 

Hilarious & Mesmerizing 

November 6, Friday 
G.A. $12.00. Students $8.00 

UCSD Fae/Staff &: Sr.Clt. $10.00 

UNIVERSI-rY EVEN-rS 
&: STUDENT ACTIVITIES. UCSD 

1987-88 SEASON 

Chamber Music Series 

November 7, Saturday 
Series: $65.00 oreh. $55.00 main 

UCSD Stu. singles $5.50 available Nov.l 

Comedy 

November 13, Friday 
G.A. $10.00. Students $6.00 

UCSD Fac/Staff &: Sr.Cit. $8.00 

, 
November 14, Saturday 

G.A. $15.00. Students $10.00 
UCSD Fae/Staff &: Sr.Cit. $13.00 

Steel Drummer 

November 15, Sunday 
G.A. $14.00. Students $8.00 

UCSD Fae/Staff & Sr.Cit. $12.00 

Blues Greats 

November 18, Wednesday 
G.A. $11.00. Students $7.00 

UCSD Fae/Staff & Sr.Cit. $9.00 

• & much more to come!!! • All perfonnances at 8:00 in Mandeville Auditorium unless noted, 
Pick-up a copy of Varieties at Student Infonnation 

or call 534-4090 and we'll mail you one. 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

11i 

~ 
': 
'-

I 

.: ........................... : ..•...•..••.. 



ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Mon .... FrIUy 
':00 ..... 4:00 pm - Systems of Interactive 
Guidance and Information is a computer-
based program of career information 
designed to help you clarify your skills. values 
and occupational interests. For more 
information. come to Career Services Center. 

MONDAY 
1.»4100 pm - Drop-in ~ising hours: 
For help finding desirable part-time T 
employfTle!1t. determining career goals. 
searching for jobs or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No H 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. In the 
Career Services Center. 
J:OO pm - Strategies and services for E 
transfer students interested in medidne and 
dentistry. Find out about the resources 
available to you and steps to take. In TlH 
107. 

W 
E 
E 

1UUDAY K 1:»4100 pm - Drop-in advising hours: 
For help finding desirable part-time 
employment. determining career goals. L 
searching for jobs or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. In the y 

... c.a.reer ... Servi~~·c~es~c~en~t~e~r.~~~~~~~~ ______ -, 
WEDNESDAY 
1110-4100 pm - Drop-in advising hours: . 
For help finding desirable part-time 
employment. determining career goals. 
searching for jobs or exploring professional 
or graduate school opportunities. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. In the 
Career Services Center. 

THURSDAY 
1:30-4:00 pm - Drop-in adVising hours: 
For help finding desirable part-time 
employment. determining career goals. job 
hunting. resume preparation. etc. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-in. 

FRIDAY 

C 
A 
L 
E 
N 
D 
A 
R 

1 :J0-4:oo pm - Drop-in adviSing hours: 
For help finding desirable part-time 
employment. determining career goals. jOb 
hunting. resume preparation. etc. No 
appointment necessary. just walk-In. 
ORGANIZA llONAl MEETING 
5:30 pm - Come and meet students from 
all parts of the -.vorld at the first 
organizational meeting of the International 
Center. 

Shado\Vs 
Continued rrom page 3<4 

searching emotions. This was 
music that merged the poli~ 
tical with the personal; music 
that dealt with injustice and 
freedom; music that rocked . 
Vaughn believes that feelings 
behind love and war are basic, 
so people can relate to his 
music from their own per~ 
spectives. 

"Sometimes you have to go 
to war to keep what you truly 
love," Vaughn commented on 
the concept commented on 
the concept of the album. For 
instance, regarding popular cul~ 
ture Vaughn remarked, "They 
say - drink Pepsi - you 
drink Pepsi. They say - drink 
Coke - you drink Coke. And 
that's where love and war come 
in - because it's a war to go 
against the tide and stand up 
for something. Yet, if you don't 

we all just stand in line with 
everyone else." 

As the band records their 
second album and plans a na~ 
tional tour, the integrity and 
purpose behind Vaughn's 
music continues. "Every gen~ 
eration needs its voices," 
Vaughn said. "I can't be the 
voice for everyone, but by 
being myself, I would hope 
that I would be identified as a 
cultural voice." 

Movie Ticket and Polter Glveawaytll 

LIKE FATHER, LIKE SON 

hlatul in conlunctlon with 
'rl Slar 1'tctureI, pr-'t 

Fifty passes to a special sneak preview scroonlng at I pm )f W.cIneedcIy, 
SepMmber 30. will be given owoyat the ~Ion office (located southeast of 
the R9Ii911e Provost Office) on friday, Sep.mber 25 and Monday, September 
21 at 1 pm. 

The movie. a high· spirited comedy about a father and son who switch 
personalities st()fS Dudley MOOI'e and i<1r\( Cameron of the hit N series "Growing 
Polns." 

These passes fOf two get you Into the scroonlng at UA Glasshouso. 31 d6 Sports 
Arena Boulevard, 

,~. (I . . ;, 
",ONSIDER ~ 

STUDYING ABROAD 
NEXT YEAR IN ... 

~aCcod' SiutLenis 
H.AJR DESIGNS Save on your art supplies-

Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, China, Costa Rica. Denmark, 
Egypt, France, Germany, Ghana, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, 
Indonesia, Ireland, Israel , Italy, Japan, Kenya, Korea, Mexico, 

New Zealand, Norway, Peru , Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, 
Taiwan, Togo, United Kingdom, and USSR. 

Important Information Session 
Wllh "ltd,·'i. hIm .In..! n:turn ... ",,' t; to anSWl'r 4ul.'slinn .. 

• iARN U.c. RiDITS 
• FINANCIAL AID AVAILABLi 
• MANY iAP SCHOLAR HIP, 

Tuesday, September 22, 1987 
7 pm, UCSD International Center 

Application Deadline vary· inquire ., EAP offkc 

FI\r mnr l'IO {\, r m, lt ll'm ~ ,l ll 534#1 123 
Edu.::a lio n AhroaJ PrOJ(ram 

al'B.orn SQUARE 
(N~T TO \/O'IS) 274-a600 

MIIA...sA 
( NEXT 10 P1ZZA ~T) 566-6100 
UNMISITY 'OWNE CENTIIf 

(ACROSS F1lOM MANN THIoA1R1') 
~0120 

0f'EN 7 DAYS 
Nf'f. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAllAIlE 

tlu,u,fJ IU' SI",..itLe Sate 
PAINTS. PASTELS, ETC .. . 
Rembrandt PastWIs I sets 
Spray AdhellYes I Ftxattvws 
Arehes • Wllatman watercolor Paper 
canvas 

:=s=~: CNrnDacher COlon IIIrusIIes 
UQuIIex ACrvtICI 
01 COlon. Sea 
__ / Newton s.nes 711NS11tS 
IOcour OIls I ACrylics 
InIItIII ImOst tnndSl 
DRAWING" WRITING INSTRUMENTS 
lWCIInIcaI ,." I S«s 
All_en. S«s 
PWIteI_, NncIII_.., 
LHCIIIOICIeR. LaG ~ 
AIRBRUSHES. STUDIO FURNITURE, ETC 
All AIr1II'UIIIes (1nCIuCIIn9 Paache .1 I 
=z:.mna_ 
Drawtno furniture 
Drawtno~ 
Etectrtc NnC115narpenen 
LamtlS. ArtTtc. L8CIU 

2 LocatIons to serve you . 

20% 
20% 
40% 
25% 
20% 

20-40% 
20% 
25% 
20% 
20% 
25% 
30% 

20% 
20% 

20-«1% 
20% 
20% 
25% 

8843 Clorremont Meso Blvd . Son Drago CA 92123 (619) 565-0646 

tThe Fi~~ArthSt~re 
UNIVERSITV BOOKSTORE 

grove gallery 
SANGUMA/MASALI 

Good SpiTiul Bcul Spiriu 
s.,plcmb<r Z2 • G.:lob<r H 

Openin. Raypcion 
s..l"en\ lo..~ 22. 6:00 - 8 :00 prl' 

UCSD CRAFTS CENTER 
FACULTY SHOW 
Nov~m b<r 3 • Novcm bee II 

Artilla' Re~qcion 
NI.l\l .... mhl·r 6. 6:00 # 8:00 pm 

17th ANNUAL 
WINTER CERAMICS SALE 

10:00 ,n • . 5:00 pm 

JEWELRY INVITATIONAL 
D<<<n\b<r I • January 9 

Arcilcl'Reception 
o..-.:em""r 4. 6:00 · 11:00 prl' 

ARTS OF SCIENCE 
Januarv 19 · February 13 

Opmin. R.tcqcion 
J"nuary n . 6:00 . tI:OO po. 

BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
"-'beuarv 23 • March 19 

Open"" Reception 
f<bruary 26. 6 ,00 - 8,00 I'm 

MEXICAN FOLK ART 
April 5 · M.v 7 

Opmin. Reupcion 
,0,,,,,1 tI 

UCSD OPEN HOUSEl 
CRAFTS CENTER OPEN HOUSE 

.. "rol 204 
10:00 am - 5:00 pm 

TEA FOR TWO 
Mav 17 · Jun. 18 
An ... • R«cprion 

May 20, 6 ,00 • 8:00 pm 

17th ANNUAL 
SPRING CERAMICS SALE 

M,y Jl · June l 

GaJlery hours: 
Tuesday - Friday 10 a.m.-S p,m, & Saturday 10 a.m.-2 p.m. 

There is no admission charge. Fo r more information call 534-2637. 

SeptembeT 21 1987 hiatus J7 



38 Monday. September 21 . 1987 

general Literature - !fa{{ 1987 
---= Llt/Clen 116 Topic. In BlbUcal Literature 

(Cross- Usted with Lit/He 116) 
Lee A nH 2:30-3:50 Rev Lnge cc:6408 
Instructor: Richard FrIedman 
Study of a Single book, period, or issue in the narrative books of the Bible. Topic for 
Fall 1987: Who Wrote The Bible? 

Ut/Gen 127 

o WROTE 
THE BIBLE? 
by Richard Elliott Friedman 

Prose ftction: The Short Novel 
Lee A nil 1:00-2:20 TIH 
1102 cc:6411 
Instructor: Jack Behar 
Reading and discussion of short novels by a wide range of 
writers both English / American and continental. A number of 
short pieces of commentary will be required, as will be a final 
examination. 

Ut/~.n 138 cartbbean Literature: 
11\e Search For Roots In an Uncertain 
Soli: Anglophone WrIting 
Lee A IIWF 10:00-10:50 HSS 
4086 cc:6414 
Instructor: Robert cancel 
The Caribbean writer must acknowledge a number of sources 
for his or her writing and culture. These sources and human 
experience are transformed into literature and create a 
mosaic of Caribbean life and history. We will survey novels , 
poetry and drama, as well as contemporary music , to move 
towards an understanding of the unique artistic and 
historical forces in this region . 

Llt/Gen 144 Spanish Uterature In 
Translation: Cervantes. Don Quixote 
Lee A IIWF 1:00-1:50 EXT 
141 cc:6418 
Instructor: George lladscal 
Despite Cervantes' warning that to read a work of literature in 
translation is like looking at the wrong side of a tapestry, we 
will undertake a comprehensive study of the twO parts of Don 
Quixote (1605 and 1615) in Engli sh . Problems to be 
discussed include: madness and sanity, fiction-maki ng and 
history, the power of writing and reading, social organization 
and (most importantly) the human subject as process. We 
will follow our gUides, Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, across 
the 17th-century Spanish landscape in pursuit of Dulcinea, 
an imaginary island , and the modern novel itself. The l8th-
century translation by the English novelist Smollen will give 
us a feel for the original language and effect. 

38 hiatus September 21 1987 

Llt/Clen 148 Italian Literature: 
lIanzoni and Stendahl: Italy In 
Nlnet .. nth-Cenlury nctlon (Cross 
listed with Llt/lt 148) 
Lee A 1TR 1:00-2:20 we 
413-1 cc:6416 
Instructor: Jon Snyder 
In this course we will study the masterpieces of two of the 
greatest nineteenth-century European novelists. Manzoni and 
greatest nineteenth-century European novelists. Manzoni and 
Stendhal. Manzoni's The Betrothed and Stendhal's The 
Charterhouse of Parma, together with assorted essays and 
short fiction , will be the focus of our study. We will read 
them in terms of the interplay berween historical and 
imaginary events, real and fantastic landscapes, desires for 
truth and truths of desire, that dominates both novels' efforts 
to describe a scene and a story that they call 'Italian.' All 
works will be read in translation, and no previous knowledge 
of French or Italian literature is required. Students are 
encouraged to begin reading The Betrothed as so~n as 
possible. 

ut/Gen 155 Special Topics In 
Japan_ Llteraliue: Modern 
Japan_ Women WrIters In 
Translation 
Lee A nH 2:30-3:50 
HUUL 1154 cc:6420 
Instructor: lIasao lllyos1d 
Gender relations of course vary from society to society. So do 
their representations. Japan's transformations in the last 
century or so may/ may not mean corresponding shifts in 
gender models and relations. This course will concentrate on 
prose fiction by Japanese women writers, but also compare its 
modes and ideologies with its counterparts from other 
countries and regions. For that purpose we will read a few 
feminis t theorists (Irigaray, Spivak, etc.) as well as several 
brief selections from female writers of other places. 

Ut/Gen 172 Contemporary Science 
ftctlon: Worldscapw, and 
IIInc:lscap •• 
LecA W 6:30-9:20 TLH 104 cc:6429 
Instructor: Stephen Potts 
Those who have received their sense of SF from Hollywood 
think of it in terms of rockets, robots, and rayguns. Our most 
popular of fiction sub-genre, however, enjoys a conSiderably 
larger range of motifs and themes. In thi s course we will 
begin with a short hi Story of the genre, moving qUickly into 
its Golden Age in the 40s and 50s, then throughthe New 
Wave of th e 60 and 70s,. to the trends of the present. Expect 
several readings. films. and a guest lecturer or two. 

Monday. September 21 . 1987 39 

-.......· ............. n Literature 
W/In 17 Introduellon to Afro-American Literature 
Lee A IIWF 9:00-9:50 EXT 142 cc:6313 
Instructor: Sherley 'WIWams 
A lecture discussion course that examines a major topic or theme in Afro-American 
literature as it is developed over time and across the literary genres of fiction, poetry 
and belle lettres. A particular emphasis of the course is how Afro-American writers 
have ad hered to or departed from conventional definitions of genre. 
The Topic this quarter is Slavery. We will examine how writers view victims of slavery 
and read narratives written by slaves. 

~~~----.JI 
Lit/in 144A inglish Nowl of the 
larUer NIneteenth Century 
Lee A IIWF 9:00-9:50 APII 
2402 cc:6324 
Instructor: Ronald Berman 
Jane Austen, Charlotte Bronte, Emily Bronte, Dickens and 
Thackeray. Narrat ives that look at life, love-and social change. 

Lit/In 147 The Symbol: The cav. 
from 'Home"s Odyssey" to 1.11. 
Forste"s "Paaage To india' 
Lee A TlHI :00-2:20 HUL 
1154 cc:6329 
Instructor: Freel Randel 
The present course is an inquiry into the continuities and the 
changes in 'the mind of Europe' as manifested in the 
persistent symbolism of the cave. Homer's Odyssey, Plato's 
Allegory of the Cave, Porphyry's neoplatonic response to The 
Odyssey, Virgil's Aeneid, Shakespeare's The Tempest, E.M. 
Forster's A Passage to India, together with selections from the 
writings of, among others, Edmund Spenser, Francis Bacon, 
William Blake, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and Percy Bysshe 
Shelley will be included, as well as the cave paintings (Eliot's 
'Magdalen ian draftsmen') themselves and Blake's painting, 
The Sea of Time and Space.' 

iJrencft Literature 
Course Changes: 
LIt/PI IIOA Themes In French 
Uterature: InteUectual and LlteiGlf 
Jastory: The lIodem Pedod 
Lee. nHll :30-12:50 IlLY 
140 cc:8269 
Instructor: Steven Cassedy 
In this course we will read several classic works of French 
fiction and selected French lyric poetry of the nineteenth and 
rwentieth centuries. In our study of fiction we will use 
Balzac's Pere Goriot as a standard of comparison for works by 
such later writers as Flaubert, Proust, and Robbe-Grillet. We 
will read poetry by Baudelaire, Mallarme, Verlaine, and others. 
Taught in French . 

Lit/in 149 Themes In Inglish 
Literature: The Working Class In 
inglish ftction 
Lee A IIWF 12:00-12:50 EXT 
140 cc:6330 
Instnactor: Donald wesUng 
The course will display the images of the English working I 
class that may be found in fiction and in several films . Their 
work, their polities, their everyday life , their family situations. 
We will take seriously the difficult to define concept of class: 
which cannot be shown except in relation to The Others. 
Readings in Dickens, TresseU's Ragged Trousered 
Philanthropists, D.H. Lawrence, Scots and Welsh writers on 
and of the working class, Alan Sillitoe and others. 
Requirements: a short class oral report, a short paper, and 
(instead of an exam) a longer paper on a topic indiVidually 
worked out with me . There are some very fine , neglected 
novels from and on the working class: a student might take 
one of these for recognition and rescue in the final writing 
project. Films: Saturday Night and Sunday Morning; Lonliness oj 
the Long-Distance Runner, Kes. 

Lit/In 176 Major American WrIters: 
.ntzgerald and Hemingway 
Lee A IIWF II :00-11:50 
IISS 1330 cc:6332 
Instnactor: Ronald Berman 
The story of the two greatest 
novelists of the twenties. Short 
stories and novels including The 
Great Gatsby and The Sun Also Rises. 

LIt/PI 124 Realism and Passton In 
NIneteenth Century French ftction 
Lee A IIWF 9:00-9:50 IllS 
4086 cc:6378 
Instructor: EdIth Jonaon-DewlUers 
An introductory course illustrating various trends 
characteristic of 19th century prose, blending realism and 
romanticism in Stendhal and Flaubert, shOWing the search for 
absolute Art in Balzac, and depicting rural customs and 
beliefs in George Sand. They all portray one aspect of human 
passion, religiOUS or amorous, musical or artistic. 

THE LITERATURE DEPARTMENT UNDERGRADUATE OFFICE AT 
TCHB 110 OFFERS A WIDE VARIETY OF SERVICES INCLUDING 

THE PROCESSING OF ALL STUDENT FROMS, ADD/DROP CARDS, 
COURSE DESCRIPTION HANDOUTS LISTING ALL LITERATURE 

COURSES, AND ADVISING ON MAJORS AND MINORS. 



.. 0 Monday. epltmber 21 . 1987 

UCSD athletics review and preview 
After a successful last year, the Tritons look to repeat in '87-'88 

ByJONATHAN SCHREU R 
Sports Editor 

W hen you were making your 
fi nal decisions on which college to 
attend , you took a number of fac tors 
under onslderatlon. First. and 
most lmpon amly, you looked at 
acad e miCS a nd found that the 
UCSD cUrriculum ranks 12th in 
the nation n. UCSD also guarantees 
hOUSing to incoming fres hman for 
twO years. a characteristic that is 
rare among other UC campuses. As 
for location. UCSD is perfect. With 
the beach only minutes away and 
the climate one of the best in the 
world , how could you go wrong? 

Then you took a look at athletics 
and the first thing you noticed 
about Division III UC D IS no 
football. Your next assumption is 
that if there Isn't a football team, 
UCSD must not have much of an 
athle tic progra m. W ell. you're 
wrong. and a look back at last year's 
acco mpli hment ought to reveal 
tha t UCSD IS a spons power to be 
recko ned with 

By the end of the 19 6-87 season, 
'- C D teams had accu mulated 
"cven new :\CAA trophies auonal 
Champion htP~ were hrough t 
nome by \\ omcns vollc\'ball Jnd 
wo men. tenms. Men's soccer Jnd 
men's tenms placed seco nd In Ihe 
nation Men s sWim ming J nd di\,-
Ing. women's soccer and women's 
swi mming all b rought ho me third 
place trophies. 

Pa t Welshan and Bill Kazmi-
erowicz added two indiVidual na-
tional championships In golf and 
swim ming respectively, makmg last 
season the most successful m Triton 
his tOry. 

The intercollegiate teams' suc-
cesses were pnmanly due to a .634 
overall win ning percentage (a new 
Triton record ) with 277 wins ve r-
sus 164 losses. This is the fo unh 
consecutive year the Tmon pro-
gram has had a .500 or better 
winning percentage with 20 of 23 
Intercollegiate tea ms posting rec-
ords of .500 or above. 

Oth er teams that fimshed with 
national rankings in the NCAA are 
men's baseball (#5) , men's tennis 
(#L3) a nd women 's softball (#21 ). 

,,-
/ 

~. ~-. 

.-

----
. ",... 

Women's wate r polo fini shed sixth 
In the USA Collegiate Water Polo. 
Men's water polo and men's volley-
ball played in an open di vision 
against pnmanly DiviSIon [ schools, 
ye t managed to fin ish 13th and 
18th respectively In the nation last 
year 

Looking at the IIldividuals who 
make up these teams. the Tritons 
had 34 CM All-Americans. five 
two-year All-Americans, four three-
year All-Americans, and three four-
year All-Americans. Fourteen ath-
letes were selec ted as UC San 
Diego athle tes of the year and five 
athletes earned Academic All-Ame-
rican honors. In all, 116 athletes 
qua lifi ed for NCAA post-season 
play. 

But the success we nt beyond the 
trophies and victories. Last year 
also saw the establishment and 

9/25 Women's soccer 
vs. OcCidental 

./ 

development of the Tnton Waves, 
UCSD's sup pongroup for intercol-
legiate athletics, and the Athlete's 
Council , athle tes representi ng a 
liason be tween their respective 
teams and the athletic director's 
office. 1986-8 7 also saw the matur-
ing of the Pep Band , a much 
needed boast to the spi rit of the 
un iversity. 

UCSD athle tic directOr Judy 
Sweet expects this year to be even 
more successful than ever. "Our 
success [Iastl sea~o n has bUild a 
solid competitive base for UCSD 
athletics that will be evident fo r 
years to come," said Sweet in her 
closing remarks oflast yea r's SpOrts 
Banquet. If you still a ren't con-
vinced , go to the games and see for 
you rself how your university has 
created a n athletic program to 
match its already successful aca-
demic curriculum. 

Men's soccer 
The phrase "rebuilding yea r" is 

one of the most overworked cli ches 
in spons. But is the phrase had a n 
appropriate use, it would seem-
ingly be to describe the upcoming 
Univers ity of California , San Diego 
mens' soccer season. UCSD coach 
Derek Armstrong, however, doesn't 
see it that way. 

"I suppose we should be calling 
this a rebuilding year," Armstrong 
aid . "But we don' t have time to 

rebuild. We hope to be in the 
national picture at the end of the 
year." And with a firth place ranking 
in a recent NCAA Division III pre-
season poll, that is a realistic proba-
bility. 

Armstrong's team finished the 
1986 season with a 17-6 overall 
record , winning the West Regional 
championship and eventually los-
ing a 2-0 contest to North Cuoli-

na-Greensboro fo r the NCAA Divi-
sio n III national champio nsh ip. 
The sixth-year TritOn coac h lost 
h iS top two goal scorers from the 
'86 squad , and p layers who scored 
48 of the team's 62 goals have 
departed. 

"W e have lost vi rua lly a whole 
team over the past tWO years," 
Armstrongcommemed. "Players like 
cOtt Strommer, Robert Patterson, 

Greg Schwarz and Gary Dodge will 
be very difficult to replace, but we 
have some good young playe rs 
coming in who have the potential 
to be excellem replacemems." 

The Tritons' strength in '87 
should lie with a defensive unit 
anchored by returning goalkeeper 
Greg Stadler, a 6'4" senior who al-
lowed just 1.25 goals per game last 
season . 

Stadler, fOIWard Bubba Wingate , 
and defender Rod Cramblit are the 
only sen iors on the young Triton 
squad. Cramblit will help give depth 
to the defense , while Wingate, the 
tOP re turning scorer wi th eight 
goals in '86, will be asked to provide 
muc h of UCSD's offense. 

Four juntors return from last 
year's team. They are Erik Ding-
wall and Rogue Edwards at forward 
positi ons. Craig Hyd e at mIdfield 
and Craig Gross on defense Arm-
strong emphasl;:ed the importa nce 
o r eac h upperclas man proViding 
leaders hip on this year's tea m. 

Amo ng the younger players on 
the tea m, Armstrong has htgh hopes 
for sophomores Mike Kappes, Car-
nck Brewster and SCott Rommel , as 
well as UC Berkeley transfer Pieter 
Koopman . The incoming freshman 
class is led by Dain DeForest, a 
defender from Grossmom High 
School , and Mike Lodoen , a mid-
fi elder from Bellarmine Prep in San 
Jose. 

The Tritons' season began Sept. 
9 when they played host to Occi -
dental College. UCSD is currently 
battling through an l8-game sched-
ule that features all of the teams 
that handed the Tritons losses dur-
ing the '86 regular season. Arm -
strong, who has compiled a 72-23-
7 record at UCSD, is hoping to 
avenge some of those losses, and to 
match last year's record against 
small-college competition, as the 
Tri tons were 16-2 against non-
Division I teams. 

Armstrong will be ass isted this 
season by young coaches Gary 

Please see PREVIEW, page .. 2 

Monday, September 21 , 1987 .. 1 

SPORTS 

Intramural sp~rts: the student's game 
By JONATHAN SCHREUR 
Spon.t Editor 

They say UCSD is an academically 
oriented schooL It may be , but to say the 
UCSD student is toO busy studying to be 
int e res te d i n s p o n s is a b e li e f 
that is contradicted by the number of 
students that turn Out to play imramural 
SPOrtS eac h yea r. 

Pa rti ci pants in imramural spon s arc 
limited to three categories: 1) Students 
currently enrolled in a regular sess ions at 
UCSD as a graduate or undergraduate 2) 
faculty and staff of the un iversity with 
current rec reation p ri vilege cards (a t least 
pa rt-time for staff employees) and 3) uni-
ve rsi ty extension students who are concur-
rently enrolled in eight or more units at 

•••. :-., 

-

UCSD (with recreation privilege card s) . 
In o rder to register a team for play, show 

up at the deSignated captain 's meetings. 
Additional rules and information will be 
prOVided there . In order to accomodate 
the interests of all those involved with 
intra mural SpOTtS, playing times are as-
signed on a fi rst-come, first-serve basis . 
Everyone who sh ows is usually guaranteed 
a spot , but th e best times go quickl y so it is 
best to ge t in line somewhat early. All team 
ca ptain meetings a rc held in the recreat ion 
gym, located south ofTmon Pavillion. 

If you can't get a team together but would 
like to play anyway, a ttend the meeting 
and see if th ere are ava ilable spaces on 
other teams. Everyone who wa nts to play 
intramural SpOTtS gets the o pportunity. 

sat'SUn 9im-Spm 

" 
" 

-~- .. _--..... - -- .. -



42 Monday, epcfmber 21,198 7 

SPORTS 

rW~~~~;;;~~K"l 
I UCSD I 
I $2.00 off any large pizza I I $1.00 off any medium pizza II 

(."'~ 
II ~ I 'n~ I 
I ~~ I presenl coupon I when ordenng FREE I 
I DELIVERY TOYOUR I I Mon.-T~~~'::m - MIO DOOR I 
I Fn.·Sat. llam· hm I Sun II :30-M ID 
I I 
I I 
I 8873 VIlla La Jolla Dr .. La JolLI Vili.1gr quare I 
I 455-0662 I \ , 

~---------------, 
WE'VE GOT 

mE BEST 
COMIC 
BOOKS 

IN 
TOWN! 

• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Robotech and Japanese Animation 

- . 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92117 
comer Of Balboa & C1oiremont Dr. 

- Nexl to Food Basket -
(619) 483-4853 

All "ties ond charac .... TM ond 1: 1987 DC Comocs Inc. 

675-B N. Broadway 
Escondido, CA 92025 

CountlY Comer Shopping Center 
at Broadway & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

HOUSING 
The 

Off-Campus Housing Office 
welcomes you to UCSD and invites you to visit 

our office and become familiar with our many services_ 
• A RENTAL REFERRAL SERVICE • 
House/apt.lcondo listings-all areas 

Roommates Wanted & Available 
Rooms in Private Homes 

Work Exchange Situations 
• A LITERATURE RACK • 

LandlordlTenant Info on: 
Leases/Rental Agreements 

Deposits/Inventory List 
Renter 's Guide/Apartment Directory 

Maps/Classifieds 
Courtesy Telephones 
Roommate Hotline 

• AND MUCH MORE • 
Stop by or call us 

THE OFF-CAMPUS HOUSING OFFICE 
Student Center Bldg. B (ground floor) 

Phone: 534-3670 

SAVE '50 WI lEI OUR 
SCHOOL ~ spacIAL 

WELCOME 

NOW 
'149 

CIDI ...... pll)W.'. 
..... c.n .. JIIIU 
.... 1DUy-

COLDS 
CYM. 

4615 MissIon Bay Or". 
SanOiego 

lbehnd IUgrr KIng) 
D2-Mee 

FOR ALL TRAVEL NEEDS, 
STUDENT TRAVEL DISCOUNTS, 
ISIC, YOUTH HOSTEL CARDS, 

AND EURAIL PASSES CAlL OR 
STOP BY, 

UCSD SruOENT CENTER 

452-0630 

Stutfent YfjJirnuztive 
5fction Committee 
S5UIC 1987-1988 

J1lfrican 5tmerican Stutlents 'Union 
.9l.merican lrufian Stutlents Council 

Ji.fsian Pacific Students ~na 
'DisaJjfd Stwfmts 'Union 

Movimiento 'E5tudiantil C/iicano tJJe 5tztfan 
mmen IS 1{e50urre Cmter 

I n celebrating the twelfth anniversary of Student 
Affirmative Action here at UCSD, SAAC 

welcomes aI/ students back to school. It is hoped 
thai the coming year brings academic success 
and good fortune. As always the commiHee will 

be meeting on a weekly basis at the south 
conference room. If you have any questions or 

would like additional information, please contact 
Dennard K. Clendenin at 534-6708. 

Preview 
'87 -'88 

I Continued &om page <40 
Dodge and Greg Schwarz - both 
players on last year's team -along 
with SteveJuhasz, a 1968 Olympic 
gold medalist for the Hungarian 
national team who has ;llso played 
professional soccer in the United 
States for several teams. 

Women's volleyball 
One of the most difficult tasks in 

American sports is to repeat as 
champions. It has been nine years 
since the New York Ya nkees won 
back-to-back World Series. Only 
four times in Super Bowl history 
have managed to win consecutive 
[ities. The National Basket all Asso-
ciation just completed its 18th 
straight year without a successful 
title defense. And no team in the 
six-year history of the NCAA Divi-
sion III voUeyball tournament has 
won consecutive national champion-
ships. 

The UCSD women's volleyball 
~ wiD attempt to defy that histo-
rical tendency as the 1987 season 
begins_ Coach Doug Dannevik, who 
enters the 1987 season with a 

ca~er ~cord of 220-108-13, also 
led the Tritons to national champ-
ionships in 1981 and 1984. 

While history would indicate 
that Dannevik's task is formidable , 
the ~lUm of two All-Americans 
and a strong mix of veterans and 
newcomers make the Tritons legi-
timate comenders for a successful 
defense of their tide. 

MThe toughest thing about being 
defending champion is that every 
team plays its best matches against 
you." Dannevik said. "If we want to 
keep history from repeating itself, 
we'~ going to have to withstand 
the pressure of teams playing great 
matches against us, night after 
nigh I." 

The Tritons are led by the return 
of senior All-Americans Carol lip-
son and Janet Hughes. Dannevik 
rates Lipson as one of the tOP two 
players in Division III, and as the 
versatile athlete making a transition 
from hiner to setter for the 1987 
campaign. That move was made 
necessary by the graduation of a 
third '86 All-American, Kim Stone-
cipher. Hughes, a 5'10" middle 
blocker with a 27 -inch vertical 
leap, has used quickness and Jump-
ing ability to emerge as one of the 
nation's top players. he , too, will 
have to cover the vacancy of another 
premier player in 
Monica Bradley, a 1986 NCAA AII-
Tournament selection and the third 
leading blocker in UCSD history. 
Senior Lori luhnow, a 5'101" hincr 
who put away the final bJIl in the 
'86 national c hampionship, returns 
to a starting posi tion, along with 
sophomore Diana Klintworth , a 

5'9~ blocker who had an outstand-
Ing flTshman campaign. Sen lor Jen-
mfer Pettigre w also returns, along 
with JUniors Ellen Chi , Dee Dee 
Bigelow and Jennifer Wellman. 

Please see PREVIEW, page H 

Preview 
'87 -'88 

Continued from page i2 
Dannevik expects to see several 

newcomers who might make an 
immediate impact on the team. He 
is particularly antici patinggood per-
formances from recruits Becky Pal-
mer, a 5'11 H middle blocker from 
Fillmore High School in Fillmore, 
Ca., Rachel Vetter, a 5'8" hitter 
from Dana Point High School in 
Dana Point , Ca ., and Alli son Hen-
sleit, a 5'10" blocker from Bullard 
High School in Fresno, Ca. 

"We have a lot of very capable 
players on this team," Dannevik 
said. "But a cou ple of questions will 
need to be answered : How well we 
will be able to fill the vacancies left 
by Monica Bradley and Kim Stone-
Cipher will be very important. Also, 
Carol Lipson's ability to set after a 
two year layoff will be critical to our 
success." 

The Tritons schedule features 
five regular-season tourna ments 
and matches against a variety of 
opponents. The season begins with 
the annual All-Cal Tournament, 
featuring each of the University of 
California campuses. The Tritons 
then travel to the La Veme invita-
tional to meet a strong Slate of 
Division II and Division III oppo-
nents before squaring off against 

Sa n Diego State in the first round of 
the San Diego City Classk. 

On September 25-26, UCSD will 
host the Mizuno-UCSD Tourna-
ment, with Elmhurst, La Verne, 
Colorado College, and the Tritons 
competing in what could be a 
preview of the NCAA Division III 
National Champiot;lship. All six 
previous national titles have been 
won by either UCSD, Elmhurst or 
La Verne. Later in the season , the 
Tritons will host the UCSD Invita-

up to the leaders, so we really can't 
overlook anyone." 

Men's water polo 
While the N.!.T. championship 

is certainly a goal Harper would 
like to achieve, the eighth year 
Triton coach also believes a more 
elusive goal is on the horizon. 

"1 really believe the NCAA se-
lection co mmittee will 
take a serious look at the N.I.T. 
champion this year," Harper said. 

"We fee1that if we can be compet-
itive all season, building toward the 
N.!.T., achampionship in the tour-
nament might get us a bid into the 
NCAA tournament as well. And 
down the road, it is a strong possi-
bility that the NCAA will award an 
automatic bid to the N.I.T. cham-
pion . That would be a very exciting 
development for our program." 

Despite fielding competitive 
teams for each of h is seven years as 
the Tritons' head coach , Harper 

Monday, September 21 , 1987 43 

SPORTS 
has not been able to reach the 
NCAA's elite championship field . 
Although challenging the nation's 
tOP five or six learns would present 
a tall order for Harper's non-schol-
arship team, he feels his players 
could meet the challenge of national 
competition and is hoping for a 
chance to prove it. 

Harper led the 1986 team to a 
17-18-0 record and has earned a 
rankin~ of 12th in a recent pre-

Please see PREVIEW, page H 
tional , with Claremont-Mudd- ,--____________________________________ _ 
Scri pps, La Verne, and California 
State, San Bernardino partiCipating. 

h'. / .. , ~ .' . ~. '" 
. .,' 

"We return with a lot of ex peri -
ence and depth on this learn ," 
Dannevik commented. "We will be 
tested all season long, especially by 
the strong Division III teams like 
Elmhurst, Colorado College, Menlo 
and La Verne. The remainder of 
Division III is beginning to catch 

UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY and STAFF 
ARE CORDIALLY INVITED 

TO EXPERIENCE 
FAITH, HOPE and LOVE IN CHRIST 

-I- UNIVEk~ [V LUllIEkAN 'Hu~tH ~ ANb EtuMENltAl tENTE~ 
~ 

across the street from Revelle Collese 
(9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near North Torrey Pines Road) 

Sunday Worship al 10:00 a.m. 
FeedbGck with fflends after church at 1 r: 15 a.m. 
Welcoming Student Barbecue on W ednesday, Sept. 30,6:00 p.m. 

( W eekly student suppers on Wednesda:ys at 6:00 p.m .,/ry Bible study at 7:00 p.m.) 
New Undergraduau Bible Study slam W ednesday, October 7. 5 :00 p.m. 
Owr.,uw of whole Bible bel!ins October II , 11:00 a .m. (also Wednesdays, 7 p.m.) 
Inquiries Semi""r begins Wednesday, October 7 at 8 :00 p.m. - color slides of Isreal 
Our Lounge, Chapel and Library are open daily 

For further information or pasroral care, contact 
CampWi Paaror John G. Huber, D.Min., 453..0561 or <459-8855 

We know that a 
chea~ calculator can 
cost you blood, sweat 
and time, 

Investing in a 
Hewlett-Packard cal-
culator; on the other 
hand, can save you 
time and again. 

HP calculators not 
only have better func-
tions, They function 
better. Without stick-
ing keys and bad 
connections. 

Through October 
31, you can get the 
cream of the calcula-
tors at a non-fat price. 

We're cutting $10 
off the Hp·12C. That 
buys you more built-
in functions than any-
one else's financial 
calculator, 

And we're giving 
away a free Advantage 
Module, a $49 value, 
with every HP-41 
Advanced Scientific 
calculator you buy. 
This 12K-byte plug-
in, menu-driven ROM 
was designed spe-
cially for students-

So drop by your 
campus bookstore and 
compare HP calcula-
tors with the rest. By 
midterm, you'll see 
what a deal this is. 
,--------, 
I ADJ"Rr5U~ iff615uLE I 
I wilh ,xm:haseol Hp·41. Pur· I I chase must be made belW_ I 
I ''It'''' t5. 1987. and Oclo/:ler ~I. I 1987 See your local Hl' dealer I for details and official rroe.llP- I 
I tion form Reb;ue or free Mod · I ulewlll be""," m6 ·8weeks. 
I OR$100FFANHP-12C. I L ________ -' F6;w. HEWLETT ~aI PACKARO 



I , 

, t 

44 Monday, September 21 , 1987 

SPORTS 

Preview 
'87 -'88 
Continued from page 43 
season poll. He returns all but two 
starters from that team, but the two 
losses were SignifIcant. Tom Moore 
graduated as the all-time ca reer 
scori ng leader at UC D with 211 

UCSD STUDENT SAFETY 
AWARENESS PROGRAM 

This program promotes awareness a nd provides 
education, information , workshops, and presentations in 

the areas of sexual harassment, rape prevention, and 
personal sa fery for all students. 

A program or activi ty can be developed to meet students' 
specific needs and/ or requests . Programs have included: 

'J 

goals, while '86 co-captainJo Wade 
graduated after a 30-goal , 24-assis! 
season with the TritOns. 

The top re turning scorer on this 
year's squad is5'IOW seniorJefferson 
Smith , who tall ied 53 goals and 3 1 
assists, while leading the team with 
44 steals. Larry Sanders, a 6'2" 
senior who l e~ the team with 34 
assists last year, also scored 40 
goals and enters the season as the 
eighth-ranked scorer in Triton his-
tory. Greg Wade,]o's twin brother 

who scored 31 goals on a team-
high .530 shooting percentage, and 
Steve Sc hatz, who redshtrted in '86 
after suffering a summer injury, 
also return as se niors this season. 

The returningjuniors are led by 
6'6" goalie Randy Franke, who 
used his superior wing span to 
save 248 goals last year. Tom Schatz, 
the second of three Schatz brothers 
on this year's team, returns after a 
36-goal, IS-assist season . 

Please see PREVIEW, page 45 

Jewish Campus Centers 
of San Diego at UCSD 

Office of Religious Affairs 
Building B, Student Center 

534-2521 
Serving the campus community 

Jay Miller, Rabbi 
Suzanne Griffel, Rabbinic Intern Orientation programs for new students 

R.A. Training 
Self-defense and Asseniveness Workshops 
Awareness, Prevention, and Education week 
Pornography and Sexual Aggression 
Class presentations 

IAI11{Y 
]}\VI1) 

High Holy Day Services SALON FOI': 1\1 EN 
For further information a nd assistance, please contact: 

Mary Virga 
Student Safety Awareness Program 
Student Center Bldg. B (ground floor) 
Phone: 534-5793 

50% off 
Join together with students in worship services 

for the campuis community 

- ROSH HASHANAH -

ewly published brochures are available: 

On Dale/ Acquainlance Rape Against Her WiU 
On Sexual Ha rassmenl Sexual Harassment 

A Student Guide 

On the first day of class the professor hands out 
the syllabus for the course, You notice that you 
are required to read 200 pages per week and 

your first midterm is in 14 days, 

WELCOME TO ucsor 

THINK IT THROUGH AT THE 
OASIS 

READING AND STUDY SKILLS 
CENTER 

CALL 534-3760 FOR A PAL CONFERENCE 
The OASIS ReadIng and Study Skills center Is staffed by tutors 
who can help you with time management, telt preparation, 
notetaklng, reading and other skills you will need to do your 
best at UCSD. In addition to one-on-one Personalized 
Aulstance In LearnIng (PAL) Conferences we also offer 
workshops weekly each quarter. Watch for our fliers posted 
around campus and our notices in The Guardian. You may 
also call 534-3760 or visit H/UL 1058 for any information, 

HAIRCUTS 
1st time clie nts only 
(regularly ~17 .50) 

7541 Eads Ave . 

Wednesday Evening, September 23 
through Friday, September 25 

- YOM KIPPUR -
Friday Evening, October 2 

rhrough Saturday, October 3 La Jolla 
456-3880 Drop in or call for times and campus locations 

SEPTEMBER IS 
"COUNTDOWN TO FITNESS" 

MONTH AT YOUR YMCA 
• Countdown 
pounds and Inch ... 
The beneftIs will 
amaze you I 
Feel better, 
look better 
and be alert 
this school year. Let 
the La Jolla YMCA's 
fitness program and 
facilities get you off 
to a great start. The 
YMCA has always been 
a great p lace to get and 
stay in shape. 
• Countdown to 
SavIngs! 
Now It's even better. A 
new, affordable 
payment plan 
that's convenient is 
available to 
UCSD studentl: 

$14 MONTH" 
General 

Young adult 
$22 MONTH" 
Racquetball 
Young Adult 

. ' 

_"" 

• Countdown 
To Funl 

You can meet and 
enjoy the company of 
others through the La 

Jolla YMCA's wide 
variety of programs 

and facilities that 
include: 

• 6 Tennis courts 
6 Racquetball courts 

• Handball 
• Walleyball 

• Weight Training 
Facility featuring both 

re~istive and 
free weights 

• 25-yard 
heated pool 

• Gymnasium 
-Basketball. Volleyball 

• CNer 40 FREE Exercise 
Classes a week! 

• Automatic transfer system draws a monthly droit ~om your bank account. Fifty dollar InitltOflon 
tee and 2 months down payment. Thereolter. S'4 per month general young ooult Of S22 per 
month racquetball young odult. 

lV 
LA JOLLA 

YMCI\ 

LA JOLLA YMCA 
8355 CLIFFRIDGE AVE. 

LA JOLLA 
453-3483 

(5 minutes from UCSD) 

Monday, S!ptember 21, 1987 45 

Preview 
'87 -'88 

Continued from page ++ 
Harper speaks highlyofhis roster 

of newcomers, espeCially Gross-
montJunior College transfer Dave 
Calder. Another transfer, Rodger 
Higdon from UC Davis, fig-ures to 
make an immediate impact on the 
team, as does top freshman recruit 
Todd Erin-ton from San Luis Obis-
po. Jay Hagen from Pacific Pali-
sades, Jason Brown from Manhat-
tan Beach and Carl Primavera from 
Santa Cruz arc also among Har-

per's top freshmen. 
In addition to having a squad 

fuD of depth and experience. Har-
per's chances for success are bol-
stered by an oUlStanding coaching 
staff. His assistams th is year will be 
Dana Greisen, one ofUCSD's finest 
players ever and a two-time AlI-
American, and Alan Mouchawar, a 
former four-time All-American at 
Stanford. 

The Tritons' schedule is once 
again one of the toughest of all 
UCSD athletic reams. The tcam 
plays regularly against NCAA Di-
vision I competition, as well as the 
fine st sma ll co ll ege teams 
on the we"t coast. The home slate 
is h igh ligh ted by a n Octo· 
ber 30 game -against defending 

~ ROBERT'S G 

national champion Stanford, along 
with comests against Pepperdine, 
UC Irvine and UC Santa Barbara in 
UCSD's Canyon view Pool. The road 
slate features several tournaments 
in California, as well as an east 
coast swing through MIT, Harvard 
and Brown University. 

"This team has been developing 
together for a long time ," 
Harper said. "Even rhough we lost 
a couple of key player, this is not a 
' rebuilding' year. This is a 'go for it' 
year. We will be well-conditioned , 
very fast, a nd counter-attack ori-
ented . We definitely need to 1m· 
prove our shooting percentage from 
last year, and if we can do th at 
consistently, we should be able to 
pull off a few upsets along the way." 

Q9 4t ~ S~B 
German & Swedish Auto Service 

All work/ully 6fUJraral_ • FtlClMy Trai,.N.1 Specialists 
Specializing In: 

• Major Services • Fuellnjeclion 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 

SPORTS 

Blue and Gold Incredible Friday 
September 25, 1987 
Schedule of Events 

3 pm 
5 pm 

5-6:30 pm 
6 pm 
8 pm 
9:30 pm-
midnight 

Women's soccer vs. Occidental (Muir) 
Concert near Muir (featuring SUKAY 

music of the Andes) 
Barbeque 
Men's soccer vs. Biola (Muir) 
Women's volleyball vs. Colorado College 
Concerr on the hump 

BURGER KING 
at University Towne Center 

NOW HIRING 

• Brakes • Extended Warrant ies ............... , ........ . 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday-Friday 8 am - 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 275-1132 

• 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 
San Diego, CA 92109 

Full time day and night shifts at $4.00/hr. 
Part-time shifts also available for days and 
nights . For information call \ 450-1800. 

• Another :-j ~- S119: 
: GREAI OFFER (limit 5) • 

.~m . .[·~ I .-
------...... --------------------------------------1 10% OFF 

On All Repairs· 
· (Ezalli .\luliff & TrUlfn.WWII ()"uhuuiJ 

With This Coupon 
'.\vI ,..}uJ rdll .In' ville, " 'Hjlultf' 

Psychological and 
Counseling Services 

For All UCSD Students 

We offer a variety of services and programs 
designed to enhance your college experience 
and help you cope most effectively with 
University Life. 

Through individual or group counseling, 
psychothcrapv, or support groups, you 
can leam to ••• 
••• Reduce test .. Icty. 
... Stuctv more cfllcicntly and effectively • 
••• Enhance your crativtty. 
•• .Manage your weight. 
•• .Make more effecllve paIOnIl and career 

decisions. 
... lmpI'Oft your Interpersonal relationships. 
... Cope more effectively with Ionellnas, lCXual 

difficulties, alco...,. and drug abuse, 
anxiety, 1tIai, and cMpression. 

Five Locations on Campus 
Call for an appointment 

5343755 
The coUnseling relationship is private 

and confidential. 

• 
• 
• 

• 
,URaR : 
KING • 

• Whopper, Large Fry, Peps. • 
• " Good at University Towne Center Only • •................... _-_ ... 

Graduate with 
four of the 
most impressive 
letters of 
recommendation. 
Army ROTC. 
Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps on your 
resume says you have more than potential. You 
have experience. 
Its the college elt:ctive that adds leadership 
training [0 your education. And that give you 
the kind of decision-making re ponsibilityand 
experience most other graduates will have to 
wait years for. 
Whatever your major. find out more about the 
college e lective that makes your college 
education more valuable, 
Talk to your Professor of Military Science, 
today, 

For more information, 
call Major Norris 
Posehn at 265-4943 
or vis i t Trailer T-64 
across from the 
Women 's Gym at 
an Diego State 

University. 

CJ) 
c.... 
~ 

B 
(J 
z 
-z 

~ 
f--
~ 
uJ 
U 
LL. 
LL. 

o 
~ 
w 
CJ) 

~ 
>-~ 
~ 

-

• 

"'Ii . 



I ... 

46 Monday, Sepl fmber 21,1987 

SPORTS 

Guardian/BJ.'s Pizzeria Sports Trivia Quiz Rules 
W~lcome back, SpOrts Fans l Due to an 

overwhelm ing response, The Guardian and 
BJ's Chicago Pizzeria have decided to 
continue with the SpOrts Trivia Quiz. Once 
again you'll be able to use that once-useless 
spon s knowledge that has been lost in the 
sun , surf and sand of su mmert ime. The 
qUIz will still cover all aspects of Sports 
from college to profess ional, All correct 
entries will be entered into a drawi ng, and 
one winner will be drawn for eac h quiz. 
Each wi nner will receive a BJ .'s Chicago 
pi zza. Good luck! 

Questions 
I Who is the youngest playe r in Major 
League Baseball hi tory to re-acll20Q.s{Qlen 
bases? 
2. Na me the golfer who was disqu ird 
from thc 1968 U.s. Opcn for sIgning a n 
Incorrect score card . 
3. Which baseball tea m did Jo hn Elway 
threaten to sign with In 19831 
4. What do OJ Simpson's mitials srand 
for? 
5. Who did "Boom Boo m" Boris BecKef 
bea t in 1985 to become the yo cSt 

Student Premium· $84.50 
Spouse· $136.50 
Children· $93.7 5 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Center. Q-009 • 534-3300 

-" " " _ .... " ...... " .... ",. .. _ ... " -...... .. .. _ .. _ ............ - _ .. _ ...... _ .... _ .. 

DEPARTMENT OF 
POLITICAL SCIENCE 

The following courses have been added since the 
initial Fall 1987 Sc hedule of Classes: 

PS 1041 - Law &> Politics/ 
Courts and Political Controversy 
Professor Peter Irons 
Wed . 1-3:50 PM PH 104 Course Code 8320 

PS 112D - Republican Spirit and Democratic Ethos 
Professor Athanasios Moulakis 
Wed. 12-2:50 PM 412WC Course Code 7470 

PS BOB· Politics of the People's Republic of China 
Professor Susan Shirk 
MWF 1-1:50 HSS 11 28 Course Code 8324 

PS 135A - Ethnic Conflict in the Third World 
Prof. Paul Orogun 
MWF 11-11:50 HSS 2305 Course Cod e 7506 

PS 143C • Political Economy o/World Information 
Prof. Jonathan Aronson 
Mon, 2-4:50 PM 411 WC Course Code 7523 

PS 230A . Researcl1 Seminar on Modern Mexico 
Prof. Wayne Cornelius 
Wed . 12-2:50 lns t/ Amer Course Code 3848 

s ingles champio n ever at Wimbledon? 
6. Who holds the record for playing thc 
most- gtllnes as catcher in a major league 
oorecr. 
7. Wh,iI ardhe four eve nts Ca rl Lewis won 
his gof<\ edals in during the 1984 Summer 
Ol ' mpic ~ 
8, What tea m hold s the major league 
record for most ho mers by one team in a 
game? 

. W}lo is the 1987 money leader in the 
PGA thro gh Sept. 21 )? 
10.Who is the NASCAR auto raci ng money 
ie.ader ( thr ugh Sept. 21 )? 

- All cnlries mUSI be ill thr Guard/Q1l offiCi' by 4 1'111 
Fnday,foul' days aft er lir e Iss ue dale (CIIlnes /1Iay be 
mailed 10 th e Guardian 8-0 16, La Jolla, CA 
92093). 
- Only UCSD tudr nts,jan llty and staff may enlel'. 
Winners Will be asked 10 show Ihew UC DID cards 
to elm m pnzes. 
- In Ihe evenl oj a lie or a displlir, the Judges Will 
have th e fi nal deciSion. If Ihere IS /1101£ Ihan one 
correc t cnlly, Ihere Will be a drawing [0 delcmlinc 
who WillS Ihe prize. 
- Winners and pn~es will be printed every Monday. 
- The Guardian Slaff, employees oj BJ. 's Przze na, 
and Iheir immediare families are ineligible. 
- Only one entry per person. 
- Entries should include name, address, telephone 
nu mber, major and homcrown. 

The home of the 
39¢ hal11burger. 

• 
~ ('l) #~l)OIIl1ldJm J!lou. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

IJ.. ....... ~-----------------___ II!!_~ ..... II 
---ALLAMERicAN-MEAL--- ~ 

Quorter Pounder ®with Cheese, Large Fry. 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink 1/= = II 
II II II limit one coupon per J $1 99 II II c ustomer, per visit. Please US t II 
I present coupon when (pi I I ordering, Not valid with UI ax) II 
II any other offer. Only at: II 

~ 7140 Mlrama~Rd' ~ Ihru San Diego ~ ~21, 19'7 ~ 
__ iiii,iiiiii"iiii,iiii,iiiiliiiiiiiiiii" 

UNIVERSITV BOOKSTORE 

Classified advertising Is sold In 
IOo-character IncremenU. Each 
letter. punauatlon IMrtc and spKe 
between the words Is considered 
a charKter. with Qpltal letten 
counting as two characten, The 
rate per 100 characten Is 51 lor 
studenu. $) for '.culty and staff. 
and 54 lor othen. Payment In 
advance Is required; therefore. 
ads must be mailed wtth • check 
IINIde out to The UCSD Guardlanl 
or presented In penon. Deadlines 
are 4 pm Monday lor Thunday's 
paper. 4 pm Thursday for M0n-
daYs paper. The Guardian reserws 
right to refuse .ny .dver-
tlslng Including but not IImlMd 
to comp.nlonshlp .ds. For 
more InIonnlltlon call 5.J4-466. The 
Guardian. UCSD • .016. La Jolla. 
CA 92093, 

Announcements 

Penonals 
Were you ~r in AZA or 8BY07 
USY7 AZ'fF7 NFTV7 or SKFTY7 Then 
come to a reunion of all these group 
on Tuesday 9/22 in the International 
Cmter. Come and make new friends 
and meet old ones. Be there at 5:45. 
Refreshments will be 
served119/211 

Rush AEPiIl Rush AEPlII Come meet 
the 8ro'S of AEPI During their Fall 
Gold Rushl Events include -pigskin 
and pizza: Tonight - meet the bros: 
Tues - Trailblazer Bash: Fri -Pio-
neer Party: Sat -plus more next 
week. Call Adam at 535-0684 for 
more info. (9/21) 
PROGRAMMER - MerIdian Data, 
Inc , Is the leading manu-
facturer of CD-ROM ~ 
systems. we have an eJCCellent oppor-
tunity for a software programmer to 
work full tj~ In our growing com-
pany. Expertise in Unbc/Xenix re-
quired, along with strong know-
ledge of networks. especially novel!. 
Full benefits. Salary com-
mensurate with ability. No smok-
Ing please, Send letter and resu~ to 

UCSD reunion in the International 
Center on Tuesday at 5:45 pm. Refr~ 
ments will be servedl Be therel (9/21) 
L'Sha na Tova UCSDI The Brothers of 
Alpha Epsilon Pi Fraternity wish a 
Happy holiday season to all. (9/21) 

Services 
Male models, actors, athletes & new-
(ome~ welcome 18+: Photos by NY 
LA pro some trade-outs or freebies 
possible otherwise very reasonab~, 
Legitimate. Fun. Creative. Career ad-
vice too. call 281-1618 C-yal (9/21) 

For Sale 
Must sell - 14" color TV sao/best 
offer; 10 speed ~ugeot bik S90jbest 
offer 458-1725 - UCSD area. (10/1) 
71 Plymouth Sat/lite runs great. re-
cently registered and smogged. 54 75. 
call 452-0083. 19/21/ 

Chevrolet '82 Camaro Berlinetta 52K 
mi, xlnt condo auto, air, cass, alarm. 

dark grey metallic 457-0827. 699- TIL MIDNIGHT. (9/21) 
1218. (9/21/ Delivery - part & full time drivers 

needed to deliver piuas w ith own 
FOR SALE 78 Datsun pickup, stan- car for wages, mileage, and tips. 
dard. good condition regularly main- Pizza 'n' Pasta. 915 Broadway, EI 
tained, must sell. 1.500. 452-0196. Cajon. 19/28) 
(9/21) 
For sale: Sanyo compact frig, perfect Housing for dorm, walnut. 540, Excellent con-
dition. Call 535-9408Ieve). (9/28) 

Wanted I..oII'eIy Woodlands W!St - 1 bedroom 1 bath sa9,9OO best unit . Includes 
refrigerator new carpet & levelo~ . 
cathedral ceiHng & priv~te patio. 

A TTN STUDENTS W / GPA OF 3.0 & Washer/Ofyer, tennis, pool & spa. 
A80VE: Paid notetakers needed for 454-2011 AGENT, (9/21) 
the following: Math2C, Histl35A, 
143A & 146A. Chem4. SDCC51, Need a place or a roommate7 We 
SDCCl03, PhysiclA. Comm/Gen20W. can be a big help. CALIFORNIA 
PoliscilO, Phil3!. Muir Writing640. ROOMMATE 692-{)725. (9/28/ 

Reade~ needed for the following: 
CSEI6OA. Hlstl35A & 143A. Contact FREE ROOM -1..1 Costa in exchange 
Disabled Stud Svces, 5~ 382, asap. for appx 15-20 h~ per sk help with 
(9/21) baby twins must have auto kit & 

laundry priv 15 min on 1-5 to UCSD 
Studmt to watch toddler two hou~ non smoker eve 943-8605 day 534-
a day five to seven days a wk pay 
negotiable 457-0535. 110/1/ 

3039. (9/281 
ROOMMATE WANTED - to share 

WANTED FIESTA PARTY ANIMAL large master bedroom 11/2 blks from 
THE VALLE ROSE RESTAURANT AND beach - 1..1 Jolla. Only S300/rnonthl 
SALOON. SEPTEM8ER 24th 10 pm Denise 693-0365, (10/1/ 

Indian classical music concert reaM-
Ing All Akbat Khan on Sarod & Swap-
an ChaudtlJyl on Tabla, Fri Oct. 27 
7:30 pm MandevIlle AudItDrIum. Gen, 
adm, 510. students sa. na at Box 
OffIce. More info call 535-(44), 
/9/281 Personnel Department. MOl. 1239 ,-_____ ___________________________ _ 

Unda VIsta Drive, San Marcos. CA I 
92069. Phone 619 /744-2400. /10/22) SANG AM - Indian Student Club 

-\/\Ielcomes you all to a who~ new 
yearatUCSD. A~t~al~ng 
on Wed. Sept. 30 at the International 
Cmter. All students. new & old arr 
\/\Ielco~. (9/28) 

Schola~hipS. grants available, Sl50m 
unclaimed. Freshmen. sophornor!S 
only, 95% can qualify. Free info. 
Write AmerIcan Scholarships Inc-sd. 
8713 DorringtonAve, W. HollylNood. 
CA 90048. (9/21) 

AEPI kicks orr its Fall Rush with 
football and pizza tonight at 6:00, 
Pickup at MOM and Revel~ fountain 
5:30. Warrm and Third dorm mall 
box!S 5:45, Call carl at 452-2690 or 
Adam at 535-0684 for more infolll 
(9/21/ 

""<nHon "umnl 0' Jow;," I 
Youth Groups and Jewish sum-
mer camp attendees: Come to the 

Now we can 
detect a breast 
cancer smaller 
than this dot. 

• 

WANTBD 

At such an early stage, 
your chances 01 irVing a 
long, healthy Ide are ex-
cellent. But we need 
your help . The on ly 
proven way to detec1 a 
cancer thiS small IS With 
a mammogram. A mam· 

rnogr~ IS a !Qw.radra-
lion x-ray 01 the breast 
capable 01 detecting a 
cancer long bel ore a 
lu mp c a n be fe lt. 11 
you're over 50, a maTl-

rnogr~ is recommend-
ed every year: 11 you're 
between 40 and 50, or 
have a 1~lly history of 
breast cancer. consult 
your doctor. In addition, 
01 course, continue your 

Part time \NOrk for 
local television commerdals. 

545 per hour. 
NO EXPERIENCE NECE~RY 

Southland Productions 
455-6060 

! regular seIf-exaTllna-tions. ...... c......, 
This spac, conlribuled .. a public .. ovoce 

GET YOUR FUTURE 
OFF THE GROUND 
ImagIne breaklnq 1M sound bar fie' til a let I'ghler lIy'nq all 

Clelense mlSSIOf1S ctlCi,nq Ihe qlooe w,lh essentIal supplIes and 
equ'pmenl As an All Force 1'1101 you can Mve e.<p flences rnOSI 
people only Clream aboul 

II you qualt ly you can take 011 wllh All Force ROTC We II 'l,ve you 
leadershIp traInIng and spOnSor FAA approved lIynq lessons You 
may also qualtly lor a scholal shlp tMI can pay cOlleg!' cKpenses plus 
$100 per academIC monlh lax Iree Aller qraduallon you re 011 10 ihC' 
Inlen51ve and flgorou5 unde'g'aduale p,IOllralnlnq proqram 

Check out All Forco ROTC tOday II you have what ,llakos you COll'O 
wear 1M sliver wIngs 01 an All Force p,lol 

Contact : Capt Frank X. carbaji1 1 
AFROTC Det 075/5D5U 

AIl~):> 
LEADERSHIP EXCEllENCE STARTS HERE 

You don't have to 
dip into your college 
fund to enjoy great 

frozen yogurt. 
~na ~9urf d1,ffair 

has the lowest 
prices in town!!! 
1030 Torrey Pines Rd. at Herschel tal'" 
1774 Garnet Ave. PadIc IIadl 
......... ...,s.. .... ,...... 
..... _1' = 1fPIr' 

NOWBIRING 
cJ:lie 90surl ell/lair 

DAY & NIGHT PART TIME 
POsmONS AVAIlABLE 

APPLY IN PERSON (either location) 

G 

-

~ 

.' 

-

' .. 



- " 

,.. 

48 Monday, eptember21 , 1987 l1zL(jCSD"lUi~ 

mEmnMATE 
STUDENT 

ZIE 


