
UNIVERSI1Y OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 

ubjecf 

By SUSAN WADMAN 

R ECENTl Y, Subject A teacher Michael Krekorian resIgned from the program 
In prote t of itsJ'0or 
organization an unfairness to 
tudents. Subject A i a remedial 

course, teaching basic 
compositional skills to fre hmen 
tudents who do not meet the 

mi nllnum writing profiCiency 
requirement of the University of 
Califomia ystem. 

The course policy has resulted 
in numerous complaints from 
students enrolled in the Subject 
A program. Krekorian contends 
that "Freshmen view Subject A as 
an example of a totally irrelevant 
ourse they are forced to take 

without the common decen yof 
university cred it toward 
graduation ." 

"I want something for my time 
and effort, like credits and a 
grade ," second time Subject A 
student Annene Gonzalez said. 

"Writing is portrayed as some 
kind of punishment to ubJect A 
tudents," Krekorian said. 

Further, he added , "I can no 
longer work in a program that 
shows !>o little concern for the 
welfare of our students." 

The course itself is taught by 
Mesa City College teachers who, 
in Krekorian's opinion, are paid 
such low wages by Mesa College 
to teach ubJect A at UC D that 
it' doubtful they feel any 
re ponsibllity for their students. 
"They may be cheaply hired 
moonlighter for aU UCSD 
knows. I don't like the way the 
program is organized. The 
A aJemic Assembly'S priorities 
are economically and not 
educationally oriented." 

Krekorian's recommendation is 
to reolm the Subject A program 
to the University of California, 
San Diego, and rely on the 
resources of our highly qualified 
grdduate students, as the majority 
or University of California 
campuses do. 

Jamie Lion , a member of the 
UC Academic Assembly and 
Chair of the Academic Senate at 
UCSD, responded to Krekorian's 
accusation of the Academic 

Assembly's economically oriented 
priorities by calling it groundless. 
"Economics never entered into 
the original decision," Lion said . 

Normally Krekorian teaches 
only fiction at UCSD, but this 
past quarter decided to kill his 
curiosity about the Subject A 
program by teaching it. "And 
curiosity killed the cat," 
Krekorian said. Students seem to 
be concerned only with 
prclcticing for the Exit Exam and 
nm learning needed writing skills 
u cful beyond the exam. "The 

-Matt, Mojo 
and Martha .. , 
An exclusive with 
Mojo Nixon. 

hl.nus cover 

THURSDAY. JANUARY 8. 1987 

students are only imerested in 
practicing for the test, nor what 
the teacher has to teach ," Subject 
A student Dawn Gramos said. 
"Instead of gaining self 
confidence and comrol, the 
students only live in fear, waiting 
for the day of the test as if it 
were some bizarre prison 
sentence ," Krekorian said. 

Subject A teacher Robert 
Heylmun strongly supports the 
program and contests that most 
of the Subject A Mesa teachers 
Heylman has talked with share 

the same belief. "We are very 
concerned about our students 
and try to diagnose each one's 
problem. This course helps new 
students better understand how 
much work UCSD requires." 
Heylmun feels if new 
undergraduates can't write , then 
they can't survive at this 
University. 

In the mid-1970s, UCSD 
received a variance, allowing it to 
incorporate the requirement for 
minimum proficiency imo its 
regular writing sequence as 

VOLUME 58. #22 

opposed to 'ghenoizing' those in 
need of the Subject A class. 
"Subject A i~ a specific and 
purposeful course . The final test 
verifies whether or not the 
student can write at a college 
leve\." Subject A teacher Diane 
Cogan said. 

Ending the course is a two 
hour final exam, officially titled 
'Exit Exam.' The subject maner of 
the test is the central issue of 
studems' complaints. ·You write 
on a prompt about something 
you know nothing about," 

Picase tum to page 3 

- Computer literacy 
accounts 

-Comic radio 

U C puts byte on stude nt 
computer time . 

Page 8 
-Our Yankee 
columnist goes from 
East to West. 



1 Thursday, January 8,1987 
NEWS 

South African 
fellowship offered 

The University will begin a 
special mid-career fellowship 
program for black South Africans, 
p ossibly as early as next fall . 

The program, believed to be 
the fi rst of its kind in the nation , 
will initially bring up to 20 black 
South Africans to UC campuses 
for three months to a year to 
study under the tutelage of UC 
experts in fields from agriculture 
to education to industry. 

The program grew out of a 
Board of Regents polIcy adopted 
in June of 1985 wh ic h called for 
the University "to study ways to 
engage its teachi ng, re search and 
p ublic service resources to 
further the educational 
opportunities of non-white South 
Africans both in the United 
States and in the Republic of 
South Africa." 

Thi s program , which is the 
first to offer Oexible 
opportunities for professional 
training outside of a degree 
program, was developed in 
conjunction with the Educational 
Opportunities Council in South 
Africa, headed by Archbishop 
Desmond Tutu. 

Participants in the program 
will be selected through Tutu's 
organization and are expected to 
come from aU walks of South 
African life. Each fcllow will be 
assigned a UC faculty mentor' 
who will design an 
individualized program for the 
participant. Each program, which 
could include workshops , 
internships and research , will be 
designed to provide participants 
with new skills that can then be 
applied back to their Jobs in 
South Africa. 

The ongoing administrative 
costs of the program -
estimated at about ~100,000 -
will be funded through Gardner'S 
office. The campuses and a 
committee chai red by Professor 

BLOOM COUNTY 

John Marcum (the UC 
Committee on Educational 
Exchange Programs with South 
Africa) are committed to raiSing 
the remaining fU'1d s need ed to 
support the program, including 
the costs of bringing the fell ows 
to the United States and 
providing them with a stipend to 
offset their loss of wages while 
away from their jobs. 
Aging research 
awarded grant 

The Kresge Foundation has 
awarded a $500,000 challenge 
grant to the building program of 
the Insti tute for Research on 
Aging at UCSD. The grant is 
contingent upon the university 
raising, by July 1987 , an 
additional $2,168,204 needed to 
complete the project's funding. 

The institute , which is 
affiliated with the School of 
Medicine, plans to build a $6 
million facility on campus to 
bring together scientists from a 
variety of disciplines who are 
engaged in aging research. 

Considered one of the leading 
centers of aging research in the 
world , the UCSD effort involves 
over 70 scientists in departments 
throughout the School of 
Medicine and general campus. A 
national leader in Alzheimer's 
d isease research , the institute is 
also well known for its studies of 
arte ri osclerosis, athritis , 
osteoporosis and the 
chronobiology of aging. 

Funding for the new resea~h 
building is a major goal of 
UCSD's $30.4 million 25th 
Anniversary Capital Fund 
Campaign. The Weingart 
Foundation of Los Angeles has 
pledged $1.4 million to equip 
and furnish the building and the 
Los Angeles based Ahmanson 
Foundation has pledged 
$250,000 toward the p roject. 
Although substantial gifts have 
also been given by corporations 
and ind ividuals, the university 

I1HfN( I1ff f(fJrfQI( IllS tr 1HIIf 

still must raise over $2 million by 
July in order to qua li fy [or the 
Kresge challenge. 

Scripps begins 
volunteer training 

T he aquarium at UCSD's 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography will begin traini ng 
for volunteer guides on Jan. 12 , 
1987 . 

Scripps Aquarium docents 
ass ist staff with education 
programs and tours and are 
train ed in tide pool li fe , marine 
mammals and bird s, and Scripps 
researc h projects. Volunteers 
with an interest in the oceans or 
sc ience are especially encouraged 
to pa rti ci pate . For more 
info rmation , call 534-4087 . 

Smoking decreases 
across nation 

An American Cancer ocie ty 
survey indicates that nearly 44% 
of American smokers either 
stopped smoking or cut down 
during the 1986 Great American 
Smokeout. The four day 
telephone survey of 1,213 adults 
conducted after the November 20 
Smokeout revealed that 12.8% of 
American smokers, or 7 million , 
did not smoke on that day -
the same as in 1985. 30.9% of 
U.S. smokers, or 16.8 million, cut 
down. This number increased by 
approximately 800 ,000 from the 
1985 Smokeout. 

Chancellor's 
assistant named 
Robert C. Ritchie, professor of 
history at UCSD, has been named 
Special Assistant to Chancellor 
Richard C. Atkinson. 

In his new p OSition, Ritchie 
will assist the chancellor in 
liaison with the fac ulty, students, 
senior administrative staff and 
the local community. 

Ritchie has been on the UCSD 
faculty for nearly 20 years and 
during that time he has served 
on a wide variety of Academic 
Senate and administrative 
committees as well as being active 
in the affairs of Muir College . 

-John Shaw 

Berke Breathed 

(NNJ1fH7f~ )W CIW IE.IJ( 1EI«/6{£ ~y~=" I mf'f ~ rill! 6tJr'TIE IEfII ~ II' )w /fAY 17rH£l . IR! .P6If1HT'tJNf1(£ • ff~ urIS 11fIIIK 6fNfIa, 6M' Ir If tdfEl{_ ~Y6KG~ IIM 1'fT1£." 
"HtU, 1If,lM.: \ II 51fJ((Y. \ I \ . \ 

Computer Account 
time decreased 

By JULIE KAY RANDAll 

STUDENT Compute r Li teracy Accounts have been cut from ~100 to US of compute r time per student per qua rte rthis year in accordance with a control code implemented 
by the sta te legislature twO years ago. 

Each hour of computer time costs money to its users, but last 
year $ 100 worth of com puter time was available free to anyone 
wi th a current student \D. According to John Riley, AS. 
PreSident, the 2,000 to 3,000 students who utili zed the 
Compute r Literacy facilities last year did so primarily to type 
papers and to work on resumes . 

This year any computer literacy candidate must attend an 
introductory computer class at the Academic Computer Center 
in AP&M. The new system makes a li mited number of 
computers ava ilable , with only $25 of computer time given to 
each student. . 

John Riley and AS. council members Vern Perez, Michelle 
Hopkins, and Linda Sabo made inquiries into the reduced 
funding. At first , they were told that accounting d iffic ulties 
prompted the change. "Computer Literacy" did not fall under a 
speci fic department of specific classes: it was virtually 
unaccounted for in terms of "procedure." 

Further AS. research revealed that money was the 
outstanding issue of the cutback. California has a "computer 
fund" created by the state legislature to facilita te instruction in 
the use of computers. As the computer field expa nded , the state 
foun.d itself pouring increasing amounts of money into high 
school and college p rograms. The legislature created a cont rol 
code on the line item , Computer Literacy. Speci fi caDy, money 
was not to be used for word processi ng, only for university 
related work. The UCSD Academic Computing Center felt the 
only way to adhere to the new control code was to eliminate 
Student Literacy Accounts. 

Still, statewide adherence to the control code is inconsiste nt. 
Some campuses are more liberal in the interpretation of the 
control code, and allow each of their students $100 of 
compute r time. Accordi ng to Don Anderson at the Office of 
Academic Computing, UCSD operates by the strictest 
interpretation of the control code. 

John Riley suggests there a re three solutions to the cut in 
computer hours . The UC Student Lobby is working on 
changing the control code itself, but changing the minds of 
legislators is normaDy a slow process. The Computer Literacy 
Accounts could be funded by registration fees, but registration 
fees are already overextended . Students can also get extra 
computer hours by asking their professors to fill out a request 
for a $75 account. 

The AS. is mounting a public relations campaign to increase 
students' awareness of the c6mputer facilities available to them. 
It is hoped that this campaign will generate more interest in 
computer liq:~racy, and that this increase in student interest will 
be more readily accomodated by the California legislature's 
fund ing control codes and the UCSD Office of Academic 
Computing's interpretation of those control codes. ~ 

Editor-in-Chief 
Niki Newland s 

Managing Editor 
Anggie P. Lapid 

News Editor 
Matthew Lait 

Associate News Editor 
Mark Sanderson 

Interim Opiniorts Editor 
Matthew J Cronin 

Copy Editor 
Sean Kene fick 
Features Editor 
Suzanne Li fson 

Conlribudng Edit"'" Charles Tabesh 
Senior Stall' WrUr: John Shaw 

Sports Editor 
Gus Santoyo 
Arts Editor 
Eva Wong 

Associate Arts Editor 
Marla Helman 
Photo Editor 

Dawn Mamikunian 
Associate Graphics Editor 

Sean Duffy 
Business Office Staff 

Michael Foulks 
Theresa Jennings 

Mike Martinez 

SWJ Wrilers: unda BaJlnskl. Ken Calho un, Cheryl rtwn ght, Ln. LhJ ZJl1 km. L.wrd DougIJ>. 
Sebasllan French . Mtllon< Ganakt5. Kathy Garund . jlln Gllmure. LJ"" 11 ..... lumJ. Undll !tuw. 
RldlJrd -",,,,,p h. Jel l Klee n. KMen ~ulnm. Phil wuder. Ruben Leo ne. Nigel Li ndc·mllm. K" " m 

~kacJry , Lynne MLl-4!\l lc . PctL'r Ml'~~roblan Wr-d Mlh.Ud, Mdrk Pmku!:>.Shl'ryl lt.'k",,~trJw. D.lVIIJ 
X"ub., Juhn ~lngh , D.1nld I hurn~ 
Photographers: IlryJ n Bilyeu, wrry Boyle. Gerardo Broussi. Alle n IIJmkt. J<l"" jimenez. Dave 
L.ltI'Jm. Robe ... Leo"", SWlY longstreet. Rllh I'cqJk, ) ,»h Wel l 
IIlu" ... lOrs: DaVid Chol. D,," Cripe. LJ"" Dr.ke. RI.k l ord . Ln. lIung. IlolldJY 1I0no l1 . Gu> 
Khurs,(gJrJ. QUJn LeL&". Oms I'Jyn~ . J .Jn P(:":lI.t.Jdl QUJIl , Lim ) itlrnrol) . Andrc;.A Robln!JOn. 
tJcrrMJv ~b:(I,.,J. WLhl.' Yil IiJ . leu: L.rnJt..k 
Typesctters. K.uhy IIIlen jlln blhd L.,rulyn Gunz,tle,. Kiln H,mnell. Anl!&lc L.lpld. l)al1ld 
ThumJ) 
Production Wo<kers:John ."hle<. MJrgl C hdndk r. IXbb ,e \)UIJoI,. Ch.trITIJ lnc I 1.11 Jvcy. ~tJ cy 
L..ngsireci. Tod d R.tpp.li",rt. D.IYld Ilb . Apnl Sm it h . i.k n,,,, VJlemllle 

Th.: lX~D Gl.WrJluli I) publl);hcJ l\11unuJ~ lI l1d Th ur~J)'~ JUring I he .lI..dtlell1 ll yetlr by Jnu lur 
the :tlul.h . .'nb uf UC::'D RcpnxJUl.llUn or U!'IC ,)1 dl l ~ m'w'PJpL'r WHhLIUt pcrml)Slun I); :.tm,tly 
pruhlblll'U e l987, .111 ngill .. ~)Crveu The ('UW J tull IS nl.H tl''tpon)lblc lur un~ILltcJ 
rnJnu~np~ ur • .In 

V ICW!lo 1.'»'Prl'bo)l'J du not n.':.pn:S4.'m the oplnh>n') ,)f Ihl' Un"'c r:t uy 01 Collilorni .. ... , f rill: 
ASS\Jl.I.HCU Stuu.cnt> t>\ UC::'O 1 h ... ' VU", dll4rl 'S l'dltonJb ~tr ... Jetl'rml llCU by the I.:.Juur·1I1 Ch lrl, 
MJIl.tgang LJltO'r, cw); W IIVb JIlJ I~ Oplnlun.) LJ l lUi 

The UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Edilorial: (619) 531-6580 Business: (619) 53+-3+66 

Cover photo by Rich Pecjak 

Subject A 
Continued from page 1 
Gramos said . A seven hundred 10 
a thousand word reading 
passage, on which the essay is to 
be written, is completely 
unf:lmiliar to most of the 
students: yet, they are expected 
to apply personal experiences on 
the subject and .form a logical 
argume nt. "I am a professional 
writer," Krekorian wrote in his 
resignation lener, "( have never 
had to s it in an enclosed room 
and write on an unknown topic 
fo r two hours. How can I expect 
my students to perform this ... 7" 

George Hanson, acting 
coord ina tor of the Subject A 
program , feels the policy is fai rly 
lenie nt. "The Academic Assembly, 
in its policy, aDows students not 
passing the min imum 
proficie ncy composition exam a 
econd chance upon ente ring 

the University." The Subject A 
proficiency test, a duplication of 
the Exit Exam, is offered before 
the student must ente r the 
Subject A course. If they pass, th e 
undergraduates are no longe r 
required to take Subject A. 

Once in the course , the 
student receives work load 

George Hanson supports subject A. 

credits to fulfill the minimum 
workluad requirement per quarter 

neces~ry for the student to 
avoid academic probation and 
receive financial aid if needed . If 
any fail Subject A's Exit Exam, 
the class can be taken over up to 
three times with workload 
credits. 

In response to the complaints 
on the subject matter of the tests, 
Hanson says, "It's impossible to 
give all students a reading 
passage that is completely 
familiar to them. We aren't 
looking for a conglomeracy of 
facts and figures on the subject, 
just an assimilation of what is 
given . along with some form of 
argument and reasoning." A 
choice of essay topics for the 
reading passage are also given. 
Students are assuming they must 
know a great deal about the 
subject at hand. . 

Hanson doesn't see any future 
change in the policy due to the 
fact that Subject A is a remedial 
course and good compositional 
skills are a necessity at this 
sc hool. l'J 

LOW COST 
AUTOlrtSURMCl 
Need not be expensive ~ our 

quotes are always me. 
Oak Laf 

ID5IIruce Agency 

4) 
4~ IIeary Villa Rd, '210 

l'teIr Balboa Ave. It 163 
San Diego, CA 92123 

Spec'" Collese 
Student Program 

560-9055 

,~---------------, i WELCOME BACK I 
I UCSD i 
I $2.00 off any large pizza I I $1.00 off any medium pizza I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I FREE I I Expires CAMPUS I 1/ 19/ 87 I Present coupon DELIVERY I I when ordering I 
I I 
I I 
I I I 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. La Jolla Village Squa re I 
\ 455-0662 I ~---------------~ 

Thursday, January 8, 1987 3 
NEWS 

IS GMNG MONEY AWAY 
Get a grant of up to S500 to help out with that 

special academic or creative project! U.S. GRANTS 
has S6000 to fund undergraduate academic 
projects this Winter quarter. For more information 
and a grant application form attend a grant 
workshop on Jan, a from 4-5 In the MuHl-purpose 
room. The U.S, Grants office is located on the 
second floor in the student center, Questions? 
Drop in or call 534-3917. Remember. grant 
deadline is 3 pm Thursday. Jan. 15. 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC GRANTS 

I 
• 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 7:45a~:15 p'eSATURDAY 10:00a-4:00pePH #534-3770 
(EXTENDED HOURS DURING RUSH WEEK) 

~ 
o 
w 
Z · 

, \ \ \ d 
l. J REGULAR 12,95 

" 
'ONLY9.95-...J 

vJI \ "-' 



.. Thunddy, JIIIIUllry 8, 1987 

Subject A flunks out 
SINCE Fall quarter 1985, each incoming UCSD freshman has been required 
to satisfy the Subject A 
requirement. Students who have 
scored less than 600 on the SAT 
English Achievement or have not 
completed a freshman 
composition course in another 
college must successfully 
complete a proficiency test, and 
failing that, enroll in Mesa 
College English 5 I for remedial 
studies. Despite the fact that 
students pay full UC fees for the 
courses they are not instructed 
by UC professors. The Subject A 
final grade is not computed into 
the students' GPA and the class 
credits are not counted toward 
graduation. 

It is apparent that the 
University is again sacrificing the 
quality of education to the 
interest of economics. And while 
this could be accomplished with 
a minimum of detriment to the 
students, it isn't. While your 

money is eagerly accepted you 
are given..classes that could be 
taken at Mesa for ~5 a unit. 

Some may argue that since 
Subject A is a remedial course 
there is no reason to employ 
(and pay for) universiry-caliber 
instruction. But the first year 
results of Subject A have 
definitely indicated a need for 
improvement. A recent SMC 
report indicated that more than 
half of the incoming freshmen 
were unable to pass the 
proficiency test. Of the 1,250 
students enrolled, nearly 20 
percent were stilI unable to pass 
the exit exam in the four 
attempts allowed. 

An obvious fault of the Subject 
A program is that the ten weeks 
are devoted to little more than 
preparing the student to pass the 
exit exam. In place of the 
expected instruction in grammar 
or sryle, the professor simply 
divulges the inherent trickery in 
the test and assures the students 

that by writing a simple standard 
five-paragraph essay they will 
pass the tcst. Is it really 
necessary, though , to spend an 
entire quarter discovering one 
unwritten rule? The professor 
becomes nearly useless in such a 
situation, along with the required 
busy-work and textbook 
expenses. 

A possible solution would be 
to turn Subject A instruction over 
to the individual colleges making 
the program more contiguous 
with the writing courses the 
students will experience later. 
Computing the Subject A grade 
into the GPA would produce 
much more effort and possibly 
boost interest in the material. Of 
course, credits should be given 
to the students who successfully 
complete the course. If nothing 
else, the students should get 
what they pay for . 

There are many benefits of a 
Subject A program. Students' 
literary deficiencies should be 

W{tL ,All .. , (()t1E ~, fOLLOW Mt ! 
'-. 

detected and corrected before 
they begin coUege-level 
coursework. The present Subject 
A program at UCSO appears to 
be a penance rather than a 

leami ng experience. Properly 
executed, however, Subject A 
could become an integral part of 
a student'S education. rca 

A TA reformation program arises 
By RONALD FLORES 

Recently, an issue which 
concerns foreign graduate 
students at UCSD has come to 
the anention of the UCSD 
Graduate Student Association· 
(GSA). The issue stems from 
discussion associated with 
foreign graduates serving as 
Teaching Assistants (TA's) at 
UCSD. 

The. question has again been 
posed: Are the foreign graduate 
students performing adequately 
as TA's in the various 
undergraduate cou,rses at UCSD? 
Or perhaps a bener question: Are 
the foreign graduate students 
performing up to their potentials 
in their roles as TA's? Ba~d on 
an unflanering article which 
appeared in The Tribune this 
past October, and periodic 
expressions of dissatisfaction by 
undergraduates, the answer to 
both questions is "probably not." 
A clear remedy for the situation 
does exist, and the time is now 
to expose, explain and expand 
the resources which already exist 
on our campus for this purpose. 

At UCSD, the office which 
focuses its efforts on training 
TA's is appropriately called the 
TA Development Program, This 
office involves itself with TA 
training at seVeral levels as 
required or requested by the 
graduate student. The initial 
phase of training includes 
workshops on the very basics of 
instruction. These workshops 
address such fundamentalS as 
the initial concerns of the new 
TA, how to stimulate classroom 
discussions, and how to help the 
average undergraduates (which at 
times can be quite a task). 

The basic workshops are then 
followed by actual observation of 
the TA in the classroom. The 
observer will evaluate or critique 
the performance of the T A, 
obtain feedback from the 
undergraduates, and may even 
videotape the session to more 
effectively demonstrate specific 
ways to improve teaching. 
Follow-up workshops ensue 
which can reiterate the basics, 
and through exercises of 
microteaching and role playing 
can work out early concerns of 
the new TA Finally, the staff of 
TA Development will have 

inrtividual consultations with 
each TA to personalize and 
complete the training. For the 
foreign graduate students, T A 
Development must make special 
effortS to facilitate new 
adjustments and identify the 
most common barriers of 
language and custom for the 
foreign student. Last year, the 
Chemistry Department provided 
a language and culture class for 
their foreign T A's, and this year 
it has expanded to include new 
foreign T A's from other 
departments. Additionally, this 
year, through seed money from 
the National Association for 
Foreign Student Affairs, and 
program support from the 
Graduate Student Association, TA 
Development Program, and the 
International Center, a pilot 
project was funded to create a 
peer resource network. 

The mainstay of the Peer 
Resource NetworK is a one-
weekend session of workshops 
and exercises. The weekend 
allows the T A Development 
professionals, plus experienced 
TA's (both foreign and American 
from a variety of departments), 
and the- soon-to-be-a-TA foreign 
students to work together free 
from distraction (or the 
possibiiity of escape). This 
weekend. of additional 
instruction offers everything from 
an evaluation of English skills, to 
informal instruction on the use 
of English slang. Overall, this 
new and innovative format of 
instruction is highly effective and 
will unquestionably prepare T A's 
bener than in any previous year. 
The weekend program can 
provide huge gains toward 
alleviating the common barriers 
which face the foreign TA In 
general, these barriers are related 
to the mismatch of language, 
custom, and cultural 
understanding between the 
undergraduate students and their 
foreign TA. These problems are 
not overwhelming. The effons 
and programs which specifically 
address the situation are already 
in existence at UCSD and must 
be utilized. 

How is it that UCSD 
educators, administrators, and 
students have allowed foreign 
teaching assistants to perpetually 

function at levels below their 
potential? The inherent potential 
of new programs like the TA 
Devtlopment Weekend must be 
recognized early. For as long as 
the program is limited by 
funding and support, it win 
undoubtedly remain short of its 
enormous goat to prepare aU 
TA's to be the effective, efficient 
instruCtors which we aU demand. 
To allocate funds for next year 
and to expand the program from 
one to three or four, "weekend 

instruction camps" would enable 
TA Development to reach many 
more students and spend more 
time for adequate preparation. 
With better, more reasonable 
training, UCSD TA's (both 
American and foreign) can 
uhimately raise the level of 
undergraduate satisfaction, and 
the level of academic excellence 
in the classroom. 

dearly, it is in the interest of 
educators, administrators, and 
students alike to support 

programs such as TA 
Development. So let's focus our 
attention on what can be done 
to raise the level of foreign T A 
performance, and focus our 
effortS toward the expansion and 
support of a program which can 
meet this goa~ Let's support TA 
Development, expand the TA 
Weekend Program, and realize 
the improvements this year. IZil 

Ronald Ao~s is the Presidtnt of 
the Graduate Stud,nt Association. 

Un fHS LHT illS LHf fHS LUT fRSLUT fH5 LUT fHS l 
Scathing L'Chayim 
Edilor: 

Mr. Cronin's scathing 
indictment of the L'Chayim 
Quarurly as the "mouthpiece of 
the unscrupulous rightwing here 
in the United Slates and Israel" 
steps beyond the norms of 
public discourse and fact finding 
inherent in the printed media. 
As such, I wish to inform the Mr. 
Cronin that I take offense to his 
personal attack, referring to our 
publication as "myopic garbage" 
and our staff as "blind puppets." 
Such a personal afIront is a 
common device used to cover up 
a hastily prepared and poorly 
researched article. 

While it is true that joseph 
Sobran did publish a series of 
openly antisemetic articles, 
William Buckley did nOt come 
running to his defense as Mr. 
Cronin so boldly assertS. Mr. 
Buckley and the senior editors of 
the National Review disassociated 
themselves from Sobran's articles 
i.n an editorial written by Buckley 
himself, and refused to publish 
any of Sobran's articles in his 
publication. And while the Nation 
was quick to attack Mr. Sobran 
for his latent antisemetic 
writings, this same publication 
steadfastedly supported a series 
of articles written by Gore Vidal 
which attacked Norman 
Podhoretz and his wife as an 
"Israeli Fifth Column" here in the 
United States. Mr. Vidal also 
labeled American Jews as a 
foreign element in the U.S. 
society. 

The opinions page in a 
newspaper is supposed to 
present clearminded opinions on 
relevant issues of the day. 
Distorted and abusive opinions 
such as those of Mr. Cronin only 
setve ,to detract from the quabty 
of this newspaper as a whole. 

MicluId WIDick 

Mr. Cronin replies: First of aU, 
joseph Sobran is an e.ditor 
for the National Review. 
Secondly, Mr. Sobran 
publishes his anachronistic 
dribble in the National 
Review nearly every week. 
Third, the cited Gore Vidal 
article, "The Decline of the 
American Empire," which 
appeared in the Nation's 
120th Anniversary i.ssue, 
never labeled American jews 
as a foreign element in U.S. 
society, although it did 
correctly imply that Norman 
Podhoretz and Midge Oector 
are liitle more than stuffy 
fund raisers for the 
imperialistic Israeli army. 
Finally, I must say that I did 
very much enjoy L'Chayim's 
interview with Dr. Richard 
Freund, who offered some 
interesting inSights into the 
present predicament of jews 
in Latin America's Southern 
Core . It is harrowing then , to 
discove r this man's 
pcnetr.Hing in ights mixed 
in with a quotation from that 
cold -blooded leech jean 
KirkpatriCk. But I guess that 
is what myopia is all about. 

Blustery winds 
Editor: 

Do you feel a draft? Youll 
never guess who's starting to can 
for a return to the military draft 
- the DC'mocrats! Led by 
Presidential aspirant Senator Sam 
Nunn, a number of Senate 
Democrats are preparing 
legislation to bring back the 
draft. The groups involved are 
taking the opposite sides from 
what one might have expected 
ten years ago, 

Despite the traditional liberal 
make-up of their party, 
Democratic leaders realize that if 
they wish to capture the White 
House in 1988 they must shake 
off their reputation of being 
weak on defense . Supporting the 
draft provides an opportunity to 
appear pro-military and cut the 
defense budget. If the draft is 
reinstituted, the pay for Privates 
can be rolled back to their 19605 
level of a couple of hundred 
dollars a month. Since service 
will be forced, there will be no 
need for expensive enlistment 
incentives like the GI Bill or 
Army CoUege Fund. . 

Perhaps it may come as a 
surprise, but strongest opposition 
to a reI' Jm to the draft is 
currently coming from the 
military. The JOint Chiefs and 
most Pentagon officials are 
currently against a draft. 

After the initial worries and 
turmoil, the aD-volunteer army 
has become the finest this 
COUntry has 'ever had . Morale 

PIeIK tum 10 page 6 

Thursday. January 8. 1987 5 
OPINIONS 

Notes from the Underground Matthew J. Cronin 
From Howard Beach to Pacific Beach 

I spent a good portion of the holidays around the 
Tri -State area (NJ., N.Y. , and Cl.) pretending not to 
be overwhelmed by the hoards of homeless people 
who no longer cower in the corners of bus tenninals 
and train stations in fear of the cold and a 
policeman's nightstick. Now they are marching 
through the streets of Manhattan with the song of a 
bugle , wann together and forceful in their protest, 
and beginning to believe that th~y are not so-called 
lazy beggars, but a displaced family that is pan of 
the lower class. 

In spite of the multi-racial spectrum that makes 
up this group they are drawn together in one 
common denominator that leads them to their much 
publiCized protest in New York. They have deduced 
that the cause of their plight is corrupt governments 
based on bankrupt principles that have consi!itently 
spit on the tenants of a caring society. The Reagan 
Administration in Washington , and the Koch 
Machine in New York have delegated poverty to 
some 15% of the population of their respective 
spheres of influence. Koch's lackeys steal from the 
taxpayers and give to the mafia dons to tyrannize 
the ghettos, while Reagan's lackeys thieve from the 
taxpayers to arm fanatical death merchants from 
Iran to southern Honduras. 

In this world of mugging the citizenry of their 
dollars and votes so that foolhardy kings like Reagan 
and Koch can build more gold monuments to 
themselves, the poor and the middle class are left to 
slug it out in this economic wasteland called the 
United States. This is exactly what occurred in two 
Queen's neighborhOOds of Howard Beach and 
jamaica over the holiday season, where three black 
men were attacked by a gang of white rouges in 
Howard Beach (one was struck and killed by a car 
as he ran from his attackers); cwo days later, in 
jamaica, a white teenager was severly beaten by a 

gang of black youths who accosted him on the street 
chanting "Howard Beach, Howard Beach." Koch 
called the Howard Beach incident "one of the worst 
tragedies in New York's hiStory," apparently not 
believing that racism still has a vicious hold on the 
world's most international city. The two incidents 
galvanized both white ethnic and black leaders 
around the city to decry what they saw as the sceJs 
of civil conflict being resown in the nation's urban 
center. However very few of these leade~s were able 
to pinpoint JUSt how this new outbreak of racial 
strife had come about, and JUSt where it would head 
the nations urban centers. 

The crux of the Howard Beach conflict finds its 
history in a common socio-economic phenomenon. 
When a white ethnic community such as Howard 
Beach becomes a self-imposed fortress against the 
chaos of poverty that surrounds it, the forces of 
reaction will eventually seek out an enemy to 
legitimize the community'S increasing isolation. 
Howard Beach residents see the impoverished black 
residents of Queens as potential thieves, murderers, 
and rapists, and not as an oppressed people who 
have been trampled upon by the scores of overly 

ambitious immigrant cultures who lived and died in 
the USA. The citizens of Howard Beach are the 
working class, and some of them are the middle 
class; the last scenario that they would wish for 
themselves is to join the tired and huddled masses 
to fight for food , employment, and shelter. But that 
reality has already descended upon many "middle 
Americans" whom the Howard Beach crowd liken" 
themselves to. Television brings the nightmares 0 
broken family after broken family into the living 
rooms of Queens each night. Americans have never 
been known (0 have a propensity for understanding 
the roots of irnposed terror, so they lash out at each 
other and scream for order, order, and more order. 

Such are the roots of facism, and too, such are the 
rootS of a giant social upheaval. Here in San Diego 
we are privy to a mirror of the Howard Beach 
scenario, that being the trial of Sagon Penn, where 
we see the District Attorney attempting to get the 
judge to rule as inadmissable evidence that which 
would prove his attacker, Policeman Donovan 
Jocobs, to be a racist. We also have a variety of 
goons running around North County assaulting 
migrant workers at the encouragement of the INS 
and Hitleresque Congressmen. Not surprisingly, the 
city government is doing nothing to curb this , as 
very few Vigilantes disturb the passive bliss of Del 
Mar or La jolla. 

There are those unique individuals who dwell 
among the underclass who have begun to point their 
fingers away from each other and toward the face 
dancers in government. This does not bode well for 
those terrified scores of John and Jane Does who' are 
pleading for order by way of the club or bullet. For if 
you thought that this nation's prestige WaS damag~ 
by the revelations of lrangate , just wait until the .J) 
impoverished begin retelling their stories of neglocJ 
and oppression. ~ 

THE UNMRSITY BOOKSTORE DISCOUNTS THE 
•• {r.:::f-1TT~(r-F=1 ~( TOP TEN-~~elt\IJlorkliae. BI$f$ElJ.£RS t& =.I B i · 

__ Pft"I"_J:::.t.-J 

HardCOVEr: Fiction 

1. It, by Stephen King. 
(Viking, $22.95.) Childhood horrors haunt six men 
and a woman who grew up in a smaD Maine town. 
2. Whirlwind, by james Clavell. 
(Morrow. $22.95.) Iran during the month following the 
Shah's departure. 
3. ~d Stonn Rising. by Tom Clancy. 
(Putnam, $19.95.) Without using nuclear weapons, the 
West starves off the Russians in World War 111. 
4. A Task For Dftada, by P.O. james. 
(Random House, $18.95 .) Inspector Adam Dalgliesh 
investigates a brutal double murder. 
5. Tilt Prince oj Tilles, by Pat Conroy. 
(Houghton Mifflin, SI9.95 .) The complex relationships 
of a family in New York City and South Carolina's low 
country. 
6. Hollywood Husbands, by jackie Collins. 
(Simon and Schuster, $18.95 .) A top New York model 
encounters three of Los Angeles's most dynamic men. 
7. F1ighl Of Tht InlrWitr, by Stephen COOnts. 
(Naval Institute Press, $15.95 .) Navy Aviators at war 
over Vietnam. 
8. Foundalion And Earth, by Isaac Asimov. 
(Doubleday, $16.95.) The hero of the "Foundation" 
series searches for the lost planet Earth. 
9. Wandofust, by Danielle Steel. 
(Delacorte, $17.95.) 
10. Lasl OfTht Brttd, by Louis L'Amour. 
(Bantam, $17.95.) 

Non-Fiction 

1. Fa.htrfIood, by Bill Cosby. 
(Doubleday, S14.95.) Anecdotes and ruminations from 
the television star and father of five. 

2. A DcIy In Tht Lift OJ AmtrtaI. 
(Collins Publishers, ($39.95.) The nation on May 2, 
1986, as recorded in pictures by 200 photojournalists. 
3. His Way. Tilt Unaudaori~ Btopaplty OJ Frau 
Sinalnl, by Kitty Kelley. 
(Bantam, S21.95.) From Hoboken to Superstardom. 
4. McMGhonJ by jim McMahon. 
(Random House/Wamer, $16.95.) The autobiography 
of the quarterback of the Chicago Bears. 

.5. Word For Word, by Andy Rooney. 
(Putnam, $16.95.) A new coUection of columns by the 
journalist and television personaliry. 
6. James Htrrtot's Dog Stories, by james Herriot. 
(St Martin's Press, $19.95.) Fifty tales by a Yorkshire 
veterinarian about his favorite animal. 

7. Lift, Tilt First '0 Ytars. 
(Linle, Brown & Company, S50.00.) The past half-
century as seen in the magazine's photographs. 

8. Tilt Chrisnnas DcIy Klatn, by James Herriot. 
(St. Martin 's, $9.95.) An iUustrated story for children. 
9. You'~ Only Old Dna!, by Dr. Seuss. 
(Random House, $9.95.) 
10. One Kn« E4.uds Two FttI, by John Madden. 
(Random House, $16.95.) 

Paperback: Non-Fiction 

I. TM Mammoth HunltrS. by jean M. Auel. 
(Bantam, $4.95 .) Ayala of "The Valley of Horses" 
resumes her adventures in the prehistoric world. 
2. Ue Down With Uons, by Ken Follett. 
(Signet/NAL, $4 .95 .) An Englishwoman in 
Afghanistan, caught between the C.IA and the K.G.B. 
J. Darir Angd. by v.c. Andrews. 
(Pocket Books, S4.50.) The saga of the haunted Casteel 
family moves to a wealthy Boston sening. 
'f. S«ms, by OanieUe Steel. 
(DeU, S4.95.) Behind the scenes of a television 
production. 
.5. Cyclops. by dive Cussier. 
(Pocket, S4.95 .) The quest for a long-vanished ship 
involves Fidel Castro, the Kremlin and the moon. 
6. TM Hunl For Rat OelOhn', by Tom Clancy. 
(Berkley, S4.50.) A submarine driver brings the United 
States Soviet nuclear secrets. 
7. Sta,. Trd N: Tht Voyagt Home, by Vonda T. 
Mclmyre. 
(Pocket, S3.95 .) Headed for a court-martial, the 
Enterprise crew faces a new threat. 
8. LaJae WodJegon Days. by Garrison Keillor. 
(Penguin S3.95,) Yarns about life in a smaU Minnesota 
town. 

9. SlnIngm, by Dean R. Koontz. 
(Berkley, $4.50.) Ten Americans are drawn to the 
TranqUility botel to discover a secret they share. 
JO. Ni&ft. Ovtr TM Solomons, by Louis L'Amour. 
(Bantam, 52.95.) 



6 Thursday, January 8, 198 7 
OPINION~S ____ ~ ______ ~ ______ ~ _____________ ~~ ____________________________ __ 

LUTffiS LUTffiS LUTffiS LHTffiS lUTfHS LUTffiS LUTffiS LUTffiS Lf 
Continued from page .. 
and effiCiency are high . The last 
thing military leaders want to 
see is th e politicians starring to 
mess around again wi th the 
membership of the Armed 
Services; yet, many fea r that th e 
need for a return to the draft will 
become a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
If the funds are not provided to 
recrui t quality service members, 
if Congress eli minates the GI Bill, 
enlistment bonuses and other 
incemives to volunteer. there will 
be no choice but to bring back 
the draft. 

As the bulk of the US 
population ages, a re turn to the 
draft becomes more and more 
likely. Yesterday's 1960s peace-
marchers are today's yuppies. 
Will their priorities lie in 
keeping their tax-ra tes low or in 
allowing high school students an 
o ption of what to do after 
graduation) Senior citizens are 
comprising an ever larger 
percentage of the population. 
Many are ve terans themselves. 
W ill they trade social securiry 
benefits for an all-volume r 
Army? It's a demograp,hic fact 
that those who would financially 
benefi t from the draft far out-
number those who would be 
forced to serve due to it. 

The draft violates the very 
p rinCiples of freedom that th e 
milita ry is intended to defend. 
W e have p roven that the United 
StateS can d efend itself and 
maintain capable armed forces 
without a draft. However. an a ll-
volunteer military is ·expensive . 
W ill we pay for this country's 

defense with tax dollars, or with 
the involuntary servitude of its 
young people? 

Christopher M. Schnaubelt 

Make the choice 
Editor: 

Adam Warshaw's arguments 
look much better on paper than 
in the real world. In this piece 
on the Guardian 's January 5th 
Opinions page, he defines Free 
Speech as "the ability to take a 
stand without fear of attack." 
Somehow, he winds up 
defending soldiers who organize 
war on the campus, thus making 
the rest of the world unable to 

"take a stand without fear of 
attack." When students "take a 
stand" by interfering with war 
recruitment, ther. are handcuffed 
and taken to jai . This is what he 
ends up defendinl!, when he 
speaks of the establishement's 
"right to refute new ethical 
views: t 

He tells us that "protest against 
repression doesn't require 
immoral acts," which he makes 
slighdy less vague by defming 
"immoral acts" to mean the 
"violation of the rights of other 
opinion holders." He says "twO 
wrongs don't make a right." I 
guess we were wrong to "violate 

the rights" of the Nazis in World 
War Il after all, since everyone's 
entitled to their own opinion in 
the "marketplace of Ideas: It's 
jUst a coincidence that we 
vinually never see any 
fundamental criticism of 
capitalism 'in the "marketplace" 
of corporate-owned radio,TV or 
newspapers. 

Equally bizarre is Adam's 
implication that massive 
government programs like the 
FBI's COINTELPRO, involving 
infiltration, wiretapping, 
burglarization and sabotage of 
liberal and left political 
organizations, do not represent 
"a repression of free speech in 
our nation." And if lyou really 
can't agree that when the 
National Guard came on to the 
campuses at Jackson and Kent 
State, and gunned down 
unarmed students protesting the 
Viemam War, they were just 
exercising the establishment's 
right to "refute new ethical 
views," Adam thinks you should 
write your Congressperson . 
These are such eminently 
rational folks. The last few times 
I've written mine, I've received 
those gracious and very rational 
replies so characteristic of any 
bureaucracy explaining why it's 
reaDy a good idea to butcher 
people who live in Nicaragua, EI 
Salvador, Grenada or Libya. 
People should always restrict 
themselves to working within the 
systems they are trying to change 
or eliminate. Just look at what 
can happen when they don't 
Suffrage for women, the right of 

workers to organize, the eight-
hour work day, the elimination 
of legalized racial segregation, 
the end of the Vietnam War, and 
the Free Speech Movement at 
UC Berkeley. You may say that 
these seem like nice things , but 
just think of all those poor 
people working within the 
system who were mercilessly 
irritated in order to achieve 
them. 

Adam , as for your four 
"demands," they seem reasonable 
to me. I do want you to 
understand that I am altacking 
your positiOns rather than you as 
a person, and I thank you for 
this opportunity for continuing 
the public discussion of these 
issues. In spite of this, you do 
nO! have any more control over 
my "fair chance of rebuttal" than 
I have over yours; and as for 
"freedom from coercion," you 
and I can talk until we are blue 
in the face. The moment we act 
according to our views, you will 
either be with the war machine, 
against me, or with me, against 
the war machine. The choice is 
yours. Andy Howard 

The Business Consultant -
A Whole New Idea in Calculators Hp·18C IT TADS A BElTER GlADE CALCUlATOR TO A BEllER GlADE r~ .. HEWLETT 

HP's new idea wi ll change 
your mind about calculalors . 
Here's why. You can tell it 
what you wa nt it 10 do. I n your 
own words. Just: 
• Define your own special 

business formulas. 
• Or push a few buttons to 

gel to bu i1 t-i n business 
formulas. 

• Then fill in your own 
numbers. 

The Bu sines Consultant gives you answers unmatched by any 
other business calculator. 
And, oh yes. It also does everything other busoness calculators 
rail do. Only more easily. 
Try the Busi ness Consu ltant today. 

137'5 
r~ HEWLETT 
~..,. ... PACKARD 

CALCULATORS 
MODEL EL 512 
'"THIN MAN" Ilol WALLET SIZE 
WITH 128 PROGRAM mps 
'~~~~~:1 Improved sclentTftc calculator with 

ootlo Multi Formula Reserve and decimaI/ 
e10 . GIS" hexadecimal system 
oogoO"O o~oooo $29.95 ::::: 
.... -
••••• L:;';---- Advanced, scientific calculator 

with decimal/hexadecimal 
system conversIon kev 

$17.95 

~aI PACKARD 

SJ~ HP- IJC S/i~" HP' !2C 
e Sct..,,"u $44.25 - ' '''Ile ,,- $782'" ""'C~- ' UlQnCiQI~e ~w''''llIncble . ' ~'1/lloQJ 

41CX and 41CV DISCOUNI'ED ALSO 

SCIENTIFIC COMPUTERS 

!x-7000G __ 

- Grophic 'unctions (Groph composillon, Treee. Plot, Line, 
Enlar .. ment/Reduction, Coordinate ranle desilnaUon, 
Overwrite ). 

- Perfect entry system 
- Check·back replay 'unclion 
- Relreuion analysis 
- Base conversions/calculations, 10lieal operations 
• tOO hours on Ihree lithium batteries (CR2032 J. 
• 14H x Sl.SW x t67mmD, 1S6 • 

c'/."H x 3'/."W x 6'/."0, 5.501). 
• Masrer Carton: 40 PCI, 52 .8 Ibl 7821 

U.IVERSllY •••• STDRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

534-4291 

WARREN BRIEFS 
A WalTtn College Publication, Universit), of California. San Diego 

WARREN COLLEGE APARTMENTS 
All programs will occur in Warren Apartments Commons Building unless 
othetwise noted . 

JANUARY 
Fridlly, 9th 
Mon., 12th 

Wed., lo4th 
Fri.-Sun. 
16th-18th 
SIlL I!ir Sun. 
17th I!ir 18th 
Wed. 21st 

fri. 13rd 
SlIt. Hth 

Sun. 25th 

Wed. 28th 
Tbur. & Fri. 
29th I!ir 30tb 
Set. 31st 

Second Annual Casino NiPt. 7:30 PM umil 
Forclp/a..Ic Film Series: xW'n Sarnauri. directed by Akira Kurosawa. 
7:00 PM 
c.rcer Ni&ht: Allied Engineering I'rofessions. 7:00 PM 
Ski Trip To GRCft VIllcy Ukc 

Video: Weird Science. 8:00 PM 

tivina WIth The SovMu: Dinner and discussion with ProieMoc Hem York, 
Director of Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation. 
Topic: "~golialing with t~ Soviets." Time: 6:00 PM 
AirtJend Contest and Dance. 8:00 PM 
Polaroid ScaYenccr HURl (Contact the Resident Dean's Office for more 
detai ls.) 
ClaMical Bnmch: Classical music and great food! 11 :00 AM- l :oo PM 
Founh Annu.1 Supabowl Sunday Cddll'lllion: Come enjoy the Big Game 
on Widescreen TV. Lots of Munchies! 3:00 PM 
An Study Brak 10:00 PM 
ThelllrC Production: "Ghost of a Chance": 
a student wrinen play. 8:00 PM 
Video: A So/dia's Story 8:00 PM 

FEBRUARY: BlACK HISTORY MONTH 
Sunday 1st 

Mon. 2nd 
Wed ... th 

Thul'S. 5th 

Fri. 6th 
SIlL I!ir Sun. 
7th I!ir 8th 
Sun. 8tb 

Mon. 9th 

Reception Uld Dinner for Black Students. 4:00 PM 
Video: A So/dilY's Story 8:00 PM 
lsraeli Folk Dancing 7:30 PM 
tiving With The Sovittt Dinner and Discussion with Professor DUliel 
Hallin. Depanment of Communications 
Topic: "Comparison of U.s. and Soviet TeleVision Coverage of the 1985 
Geneva Surrumt. Time: 6:00 PM 
Women's Racquetball Tournamcot, Canyonvlew Recrearion Center. 7:00 
PM 
Putting On The Ritz: Ballroom Dancing and Dinner. 7:30 PM 
Video: Soxtu n Candles 8:00 PM 

Folk Song Sin&-A-Long: MUSIC by the fireplace. Bnng an instrument and join 
us! 8:00 PM 
Foreign/Classic Film Series: Black Orpheus. directed by Michael Camus. 
7:00 PM 

Learn the Ropes of 
MANAGEMENT & SUPERVISION 

apply for 
Warren College 

STUDENT ORIENTATION 
COORDINATOR 

• Coordinate Freshman Orientation 
• Select and supervise 15 Orientation Leaders 
• Organize New Student Activities 
• Earn $6.83/ hr. 

( four positions available) 
Job referrals available at Student Employment 

-Application Dmdline: Noon, Thursday, January 15-
Call x-4473 1 for more information 

Engineering 
Professions 

Come ask questions and listen to a 
panel of professionals (includ ing 
recent UCSD graduates) discuss jobs 

in the engineering field at: 

Career 
Night 

Workshop 
Wednesday, January 14 

7:00 PM 
Warren Apanment Commons 

AD Welcome - Refreshments served 

Winter Quarter 1987 
Academic Support Center 

at the 
Warren Residential Apartments 

Bldg. 2 - Apt 2110 

Services offered include: 
• AcademiC Advising - By Appointment 
- Drop-Ins Welcome Monday - Tuesday-
Friday : 1:00pm 10 4:00pm 
• Degree Check Appointments 
• Degree Check Meetings offered on 

Tuesdays 1:30-2:30 
• OASIS TUlOrs - Monday through 

friday 

• OASIS Peer Counselors also available 
Call 534-6030 or 534-6031 Monday 
through Friday fo r more information 
and appOintment scheduling. All 

Warren students welcomed. 

THE ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 
What Is It? 

The Academic Internship Program oITers juniors and seniors, with at least a 2.5 GPA, the 
opponunity to earn academic credit while working fun or pan time in an oIT~campus 
placement. Placements are designed to match students' major areas of academic study and to 
correlate with their career goals. 
How Much Credit Can I Earn? 

The Academic Internship Program may grant students up to a maximum of 16 units of credit , 
which may be taken in increments of 4, 8 or 12 units per quarter. Find out for yourself how 
valuable a profesSional internship can be. 

SPRING 1987 INTERNSHIPS 
We will begin m:eiving Ippications for Spring Quarter internships the wuk OOIllUary II 
(2nd week of Winter Quarter). 

Sacremento - Summer 1987 
Unique opponunities ~ available for students interested in wcxtuna at the ceauer of the sw£ 
decision-making procas. Internship poAibilities include the Senile IDd AaIanbIy, variou.s 
5tItC departments and .encies, bouds and commiMions. Housing is available - ~I)' 
reuonable. APPLY NOW! 
HERE ARE SOME SAMPLE JOB DESCRIPTIONS IN VARIOUS FIELDS: 
MtdiCtll/CliniClll - "The intern will assist in patient intake and medical history . . . he will 
observe emergency medical teehniques and assist where possible." 
Evolution. BduMor, EcoIoIY/AniIll4ll PhysloloJY - "Intern will collect observational data on a 
colony of rare monkeys, comparing its responses to different feeding regimes. Food will be 
manipulated in order to assess differential time spent foraging and equiry of distribution in light 
of rank differences among subjects ... 
PItysiaII mtlhropWolY -" . . . design and prepare an introductory physical anthropoloJY exhibit 
for the general public and special high school classes . . . combining topics from forsenic 
anthropology such as 'how to tell sex, age, stature, genetic background, etc. from the bones' and 
illusrration of health and disease and how these influence the human skeleton." 
Dramca/d.eClttr _/llMenl - "student will be an integral part of the operation . . . will assist in 
reading and chOOSing of plays for the workshop play readings, as well as in cataloging these 
plays and responding to the authors involved . . . coordinate office activities and execute them 
when the project administrator is not in office. 
PsychololYlalllcatlon - "assist students with difficulties in comprehension . . . learn effective 
and ineffective teaching methods . .. observe different behavioral types and how they respond 
to different learning methods. My paper will explore the above and incorporate analysis of 
readings and observ~ions. " 

~och",,1s1ry - -Intern wiD study and interpret information garhered from remote sensing 
dtvlces in order fo gain insight into geologic and oceanographic processes. This includes 
becoming familiar with the satenite facilities at 510, and those used by NASA and ESA." 
lJrban PlllftnlnJ/Polirical Sdala - "Intern will receive a broad exposure to local governments. 
seeking jurisdictional changes .. . will collect, analyze. and present inform~ion regarding a 
proposed consolidation of seven lire prOlection districts . . . prepare written repons, and may 
repon orally or in writing to committees and the commission." 

Internships in Washington, D.C. - Spring and Summer, 1987 
With all that 's going on in our "alion's capUal 'I'" now. wouldn 'tYOlllilu to be in Wasll ington, D.C. 
Ihis spring or summer? And be eaming " -12 academ ic credirs wIllie you 'rt tI~rt? Whatever your 
major, there's a Washington organization that would welcome you as an intern. An AlP 

counselor can help you arrange an internship in your field, and can provide hOUSing with 
interns from all uc campuses. CkGdlirte for Spring Quarter appIiC4llons Is January 23. SurnlllD' 
JntmI5lUp applications wID ~ crcctp~ ajtLr Iltcrt dcrtt. 

NATIONAL SECURllY AND ARMS CONTROL INTERNSHIP 
The IGCC (Institute on Global Confliet and Cooperation) and the AlP oITer a joint program that 
enables students to take an active part in arms control and national security research projects in 
Washington. Former interns have worked at the American Association for Advancement of 
Science. Search for Common Ground, SANE, The Roosevelt Center, and at other major 
organizations involved in education and research in these fields. For more details. and a list of 
available placements, inquire at the IGe c Office, 412 MMC. Jcrnuary J6 is lhe ClpplicCltion 
deadline for Slim_ 1987. 

ENGINEERING/COMPUTER SOENCE 
Here's what some host companies are saying about our students: 

"Robert is a hardworking and independent person. He peiformed his prOject with onlY a small 
amount of guidance and has done kltl/." 

"His work has IItlped us 10 Significantly improve t lit capability 10 advISe and help our users in tile 
stlcetion of software ... 
."Uln clcmonslraud lhe ability to learn a new opera/ing syslCm qUid'llyand Ille ability to jUnction in a 
campla scitntijic software environment. " 
"I am very pleased wilh Eric 's contribution. He was a real asset. He is a goolw;"'" and highly 
motivated. " 

"~n worlts well wiIlt other en&inurs. He is enlhusiastic, willing to /tam and proud of hIS worlt .. 
''Tuyen slwwed a slrill nDl co",mon in college stniors,~tht--initiarive to atend beyond Ihe bounds of 
an asSignment. An liIUstanding performance." 
"A real benefil in s,?/iwart clcvclopmrnl. Enthusiastic, st!f-mmivaltd, sound probltm-solving skills. " 
''Ann was a tl'tmendous asset to our organ~a/ion. She sllOW(d iniliarive and knowledge thar jar 
aaeded our apectalions." 
"A superb job. Slit was a grtl lIelp to us. She indepenclcntly finIShed a project which requiTal 
mathtmatical .and programming sllills." 
"Grace was a signrJicanl contributor 10 OIIr efforts of clcvtloping engineaing workstations htrt. I 
would hire her for a permanent positioft. :' 
"It is unjJrtunate tluu we can not Iwp her for pay." 

Complete your UCSD education with an Academic Internship. gain practicalexperiencewhilr 
earning units of credit toward graduation. Demonstrate your abilities, desire to Ie.:n 
enthusiasm, and join all the interns who have earned an outstanding reference from a reputable 
corporation! 

MANAGEMENT SOENCE/ECONOMICS 
Plenty of internships available in a variety of environments. Whaa would you like to learn more 
about ... marketing? ... financial planning and management? . . brokerage firms? . . human 
resources? . . computers in business? .. real estate appraisal? ... land use? .. or . .. come..,py 
for an Internship and read our many exciting listings. 
How Do I ~ S,.rkd? 

Visit the academic Internship Office at 106 Warren Campus (across the street from the 
ProvOst's Office) one quarter before you want to intern. two quarters ahead for summer 
internships in Washington D.C. 

-

< 



8 Thursday, )an\llll)' 8, 1987 

"Holy tuneage Batman! " 

Comics of the '80 '5 come to KSDT 
By EllEN CAPRIO, Staff Writer 
, 'GOTliAM City. Maybe 

it's all I dtserve, now. 
Maybe it's just my time 

in Hell. Twelve hours. My 
stomach's been trying to eat itself 
far the last five. &rbara 's flying in. 
1 don '/ care how much it costs. 
Train 's no way to come to 
Gotham.. . in an airplane, from 
above, all you'd see are the streets 
and buildings. Fool you into 
thinking it's civilized> .. .. By PlOW 
Barbara 's gotten her tests back. I 
onry hate myself a little for hoping 
they came our negative. This is no 
place to raise a family. (from 
Batman, Year I , Part I, by Frank 
Miller and David Mazzucchelli )''' 

Comic books, like Batman , 
have more sophisticated an and 
writing in the eighties with a 
definite appeal to older, 
especially collegiate, audiences. 
KSDTs Don Rice, a 23-year-old 
Warren graduate, currently 
enrolled at Extension, wants to 
dispel the myth that comics are 
'ust juvenile entenainmenl. 

·People view comic books as 
hildish , but there's no reason an 
dult and child would want the 

same form of entenainment," 
id Rice, who recently staned a 

comics show at I<5DT. "There's a 
level of sophistication (in 
comics) above what's marketed 
for children." 

Rice, who plans to study 
literature in graduate school, said 
he staned reading comics in first 
grade , but quit when he came to 
UCSD. "I tholJ8l!t, Tm in college 
now, so no ., " he said. 

The professlOna style of 
writing in co iltew Rice back 
to reading the'tn>a few years ago. 
With the current explosion in 
the amount of comics on the 
market, "There's so much stuff 
out, that back issues aren'uhat 
(expensive)," Rice said . 

Matt Schnurer, who co-
anchors the radio show with 
Rice, said the advanced an and 
stories in comic books today 
attract adult readers. The writers 
"are making (superheroes) more 
human, with human problems. 

They're not demigods." 
Pan of the reason for the high 

quality an and writing in comic 
books today can be attributed to 
the competition between the two 
major comic book publishers, DC 
and Marvel Comics, and various 
other independent publishers. 

"Independents have caused an 
incredible rebirTh in comics," 
commented Rice , a fan of 
independent comic books such 
as Nexus, John Sable Freelance. 
Ms. Tree, and Grim Jack . "They let 
people run with story ideas and 
if there's good stuff (in the 
industry), others (notice) and 
then there's a renaissance (in 
comics)." 

In addition to pumping new 
blood into the comic book 
Industry, independent publishers 
offer an alternative lO people 

who are dissatisfied with DC or 
Marvel. "No one's afraid to enter 
tbe field now and try new 
things: Rice said. 

Schnurer does nO! share the 
same enthusiasm for 
independems as Rice: 'They're 
chancy. When it comes to 
buying them, some are 
amateurish and Simplistic and 
they're highly priced. It's touch 
and go with independents." 

Historically, independem 
publishers have been gramed 
more creative freedom than DC 
or Marvel because they were 
never subjected to the rigors of 
the now largely defunct Comic 
Code Authority. The Code, 
which developed in the 
McCanhy era as a response to 
an investigation of comics by a 
Senate Subcommittee on Juvenile 

Delinquency, regulates the 
content of those comics sold to 
children (off newsstands, not 
direct sale from dealers). 

With about two dozen 
independent comics in stores 
today, Rice said he staned the 
show at KSDT to showcase 
comic books, providing reviews 
to help readers decide what to 
buy. "There's so much out there, 
I wanted to aniculate what 
makes (comics) good." 

The histoty of comics can be 
characterized by three main eras, 
the Golden Age. the Silver Age 
and the modem era. Action 
Comics # J, featuring Jerry 
Siegel's and Joe Schuster'S 
Superman, launched the Golden 
Age of comics in 1938. This 
Superman was vulnerable, 
fighting the Japanese , and 

Counseling by numbers 
By GERAlD STONE 

I would be the last to say a guidance couselor has no purpose. In fact, I h<lve a set 
of bookends in the caricature of 
guIdance counselors who sit with 
pained expressions and stare 
quite Intently, each at a different 
wall of my room. 

I have a theory about 
counselors who help students 
through college. It is simply: The 
number of years a student 
spends in college is pro portion.11 
to the number of time~ he visits 
hi s counselor. 

Today, with mega-uni ve rsities, 
counselors who have a genuine 
desire to be of service are 
hindered by the scant minutes 
they can spend with each 
student. 

At a small school, where 
tUiti on is high , couselors arc well 
paid for their ability to keep" 
student happy. A student 
entering the counselor's office 
will be greeted by a warm smile 
and fnendly handshake. The 
student lies prone on a plush, 

"Mr. Hardtack had already signed perhaps 500 jO'f,ed 
medical excuses jor cut classes and was in no mood to lriJle." 

leather couch and airs his 
troubles. The counselor takes 
notes, asks questions about the 
student's childhood and whether 
he hated his mother. When the 
session is over, the counselor 
walks the student to the door, 
wishes him luck in all hiS 
endeavors, then returns to the 
olli 'e to shred the nmcs and 
resume slumber on the plush 
leather much . 

But thIS plcasam attitude is 
almost never (ound in the 
3prawh ng public cam puSt's. The 
GI3e of John PhIlip Sousa Jones 
is an all-too-common one. 

jones W.IS a born musIcian. Hc 
hat! playet! in the New York 
l'hilhalmonic: at age 7, hat! taken 
privat~ k'ssons ,III his life anu 
lb:lt!et! to go to c.:llllcge LO get 
hb mU3ic t!llctlll'<ttl' . With hope 
in hi s hean anu his shiny, bmss 
sous:.lphone t!mped around hb 
neck. Jonl'~ cnteret! the 
registration line and mct his 
guidanc.:e counselor. 

Mr. Gnzzley Hardtack, III 

symbolic of "the American way," 
unlike the godlike Superman of 
the fifties, written by Mort 
WeiSinger. 

After the formation of the 
Comic Code Authority, there was 
a lag in superhero comics 
berween 1954 and 1956, at 
which point DC's Julius Schwanz 
began the SiI~r Age of comics 
with the renovation of Golden 
Age superheroes, like Superman 
and Batman. Real innovation, 
however, didn't occur until 196J 
and 1962 with Stan lee's 
introduction of the Fantastic 
Four, Spiderman, the Hulk, and 
Thor for Marvel Comics. These 
characters are human and they 
deal with current issues and 
ordinaty problems, such as 
getting a date on Saturday night. 

The modem era may have 
been staned with the publishing 
of The New X-Men in 1975 by 
Marvel. This group of superhero 
mutants have depth because of 
an international make-up of the 
team. Writer Chris Clairemont 
created a Russian farmboy, a 
German "freak" teleponer, and 
an Egyptian goddess, to name a 
few. DC soon followed Marvel's 
lead and, in 1980, a young 
superhero team caUed The New 
Teen Titans became popular. 

Currently, Marvel has created a 
new universe, lalgely featuring 
child superhero teams like Psi 
Force, a band of psychic kids. 
DC is once again renovating 
their Golden Age heroes, making 
it an exciting tirpe in comic 
book history. Superman today is 
a yuppie, whose former planet 
hopping abilities are limited to 
the length of time Superman can 
hold his breath . Relationships 
between main characters have 
changed as well . 

The I<5DT spotlight on comics, 
which is gaining in popularity· 
among listeners, airs evety Satur-
day night at the beginning 
of Rice's show from 6-9 pm, 
540 am in the dorms and 95.7 
cable fm. ~ 

charge of guidance for H through 
L, had spoken to nearly 2,000 
students in the last hour. He saw 
Joncs coming and sized the lad 
up as he-neared the able. 

Hardtac:k used hb own pet 
formula , deVised aftc:r his hrst 
day as a counsclm. He noticed 
Jones had brown eyes and black 
hair, an easy student to claSSify. 
The lad was bclc.>re him now, 
and Harc.hac:k wasted no time. 

'J. P.S. jones. Ah, Jones, I sec 
you have three initials befnre 
your surname. That '~ kinu of 
unusual. Probably namet! after ;\ 
couple of uncles III please your 
mother's side, c:h? Well , 11 

hi\ppcn~ all the time ... nothing 
to be a 'hamed llr." 

"Don't tell Ille , let lI1e guess. 
You're interested in 
building ... math ... strua.:rure ... 
chemistrY. That 's g(X)d , Jones. I 
can alwa}ls spot a chemical 
engineer. So wise ... worldly and 
all that. " 

"Well,Jones, we have just the 
PIUK tum 10 page 9 

Thursday. January 8. 1987 9 
FEATURES 

Numbers 
Continued from page 8 
place for you: anu I know you're 
going til do well in aU your 
expectations. Take this green 
slip, go on to the table on your 
left and report to the chemkal 
engineering building Monday. 
Next." 

began. but was promptl)' cut oil 
there by the Cllunselor. 

·Well , John, that was quite a 
forceful entn.tna.:t:. I admire a lad 
with llJrce, And that voice ... so 
dynamic ... 50 aggressive. You arc 
certainly a lucky chap to be 
gified by nature with that voice." 

Scribbles 
Monday found Jones in 

Chemical Engineering 10 1, 
seated between John Jones, with 
black hair and brown eyes, and 
Jill Jones, also with black hair 
and brown eyes. In fact, aU the 
students in the class had black 
hair ant! brown e}'es. 

When the professor, Dr. 
Luther Jones, called the roll, " 
stranger coincidence was 
revealed. Every student in the 
room was a Jones, except Billy 
Lones and Gwendolyn Hones. 

By the end of the semester, 
most of the class, indudingJohn 
Philip, had failed. Dr. Luther 
Jones, who seemed to know little 
more than his students, 
apologized and confessed a 
secret desire to be an 
accountant. 

John Philip reported to his 
counselor immediately arrer 
receiving the "F." He was a bit 
penurbed about his lost 
sememster and was anxious to 
get back to his double bass. 

Mr. Hardtack had been 
through a diflkult morning. He 
had already signed perhaps 500 
forged medical excuses for cut 
classes and was in no mood to 
trifle . John Philip entered the 
olTice and slammed the door 
behind him. "Mr. Hardtack," he 

"I have just the place for you, 
my boy. You're a born l"olitician. 
Think of the responsibility. You 
owe it to your cllnstituents. But 
first you need your law degree. 
Taking that poor farmer's case 
when you know he can't pay, 
with just a lien on his property. 
That's the spirit. Old Glory, it 
makes a feller proud!" 

"Here , take this blue card and 
report to the Law Building 
Monday. Good day, my boy, and 
£cr me know how you're getti.ng 
along." 

Mont!ay found Jones in 
Government 101 with all the 
other Joneses who had been his 
classmates in chemical 
engineering. And the professor, 
Howard William jones, looked a 
lot like Dr. Luther Jones. Another 
semester down the drdin. 

After a brtef consultation with 
Mr. Hardtack, Jones "'lent into 
pharmacy, then switched to 
physical education, philosophy, 
architecture and home 
economics. 

Mr. Hardtack was growing 
weary of seeing the same old 
faces go through the same old 
routine. He once asked himself, 
"Why can't these dam kids ever 
stick with something7" But the 
counselor, even in his 
exasperdtion, was nOt dismayed. 
If aU else failed, there was always 
journalism. Ka 

Ko.-i-aoor~ procIucla: 
IIIUlllaa. lIYf~' 

c 
r 
r 
R 
e 
s 

CarIafdIe Tn""" .-
individual pens S9.09 

.....ng 1V(lJdtxpph' 

4 pen sets Re,. S58.00 
OUR PRICE $3525 

... __ ... 

------...--.. 

111 -

--,-
~ 

.... AdIIt Colon for painting. technical 
drawtn8 pens. SuItable for paper, .... acetate 
and textiles. 12 color set $12.79 
..... Art ..... for calltQtaphy and drawtn8 

$8.09 each 
CLEARr~iNT. DraNn. VeIlam,.,.. 

.... ,.. 
A laD ,.. oIN1ttlon·' ScIeace ucI_"·",,,,, 

20 sheet plqJ $.89 
CaalO'l III-T ...... coloNel ad papen 

by the sheet $ .15 
I.IqaIta acryfIcI ad Va GoP 01 peW-

UNMRSITY BOOKSTORE 
534-3770 

PAm POSiiiONS OPEN: 
ASUCSD LOBBrDIRECT6RS 
Now taking appl1cat1ons for open staff 
positions of federal and munidpal desks. 
Lobby, infonn. and educate conglessIllen, 
legislators and local officials on behalf of UC 
and UCSD at the C<;tpitol or locally. 
Intemsh1ps,1cred1Vstipend available. Flexible 
hours. Other staff positions open. 

Ccrl1 HOWl 
Leave name and pbcne # 
for ERIC WEISS 534-4450. 

Decp!1''''' TuI.dA!. J«m"mr 13. .. pmll 
'. 

-



. , 

10 Thursday, January 8, 1987 

The UCSD women's volleyball cram cl1)vyed a big hvml' crtJwd Jvr che Western Regrvnal Finals . But app~rel1tly nvt all 
spect.Jtvrs were thrilled with wilat they saw as eVIdenced by this studivus band member. 

----- - --

Timeout 
I Count your blessings 

,. 

Clark University spent S18,000 to send both 
it's men's and women's basketball teams from 
Worcester, Massachusetts to San uiego for the La 
Jolla Classic held last weekend n Triton Pavilion. 
Some of the Clark players and coaches hadn't 
recovered from New Year's eve when they flew to 
California, but then again then they didn't care. 
"Boy, we're glad to be out here," said Pat Glispin, 
head coach of Clark's women's basketball team. 
"There were thineen inches of snow on the 
ground when we lefl. For us, this is summer." 

Here are a few quotes taken from "The 
National Spons Review." 

Dodger Manager Tom Lasorda was accused by 
his wife of loving baseball more than he loves 
her. "Yeah ," he told her, "but I love you more 
than football and basketball ." 

David Lettcrman on the NFL-USFL trial: 
"There were 150 people in the counroom -
third largest crowd ever to see the USFL in 
action ." 

SCOtt Ostler, L A. TImes columnist, wrote a 
multiple chOIce te.st See if you can get this 
question right: "Dieter Brock passed: 1. kidney 
stOnes; 2. gaUslOnes; 3. like Fred FhnstOne." 

Frank Layden , coach of the Utah Jazz was 
asked if there were ni ck names for the kids when 
he went to high school. "Yeah: he said, "there 
were a lot of them .- Scarface, Blackie, Toothless 
- and these were Just the cheerleaders." 

And Layden again: "I went to a psychiatrist. 
He said, 'You're crazy.' I told him I wanted a 
second opinion. He said, 'All right, you're ugly, 
1001" 

Here's a sampling of ESPN sportSCaster Chris 
Berman's nicknames: Oddibe (Young Again) 
McDowell; Von (Purple) Hayes; Kevin (Large 
Mouth) Bass; Frank Tanana (Dacqu iri ); Ben ( Be 
Home) Blyleven; Tom (Leave it To) Seaver; John 
(Tonight, Let It Be) Lowenstein; Steve (Alto) Sax; 
Tony Pena (Colada); Rick (Innocent) Lysander; 
laMarr (Where Docs it) Hoyt; and Ron (Born in 
the U.S.) Cey. 

Cyclists train vigorously_ 

Football hopes 
spiral upward 
Football Club established 
to create Division III team 
By GUSTAVO SANTOYO. Sports Editor 

FOOTBALL, once . other sports because of it's . considered a buried relic of substantially greater operating season's gone by, has . costs," said Joe Watson in a 
finally resurfaced at UCSD in an letter to Judy Sw<;et, UCSD 
organized fonn. A club, olIicially athletic director, and Ben 
titled the UCSD Trituns Football Kobyashi , chair of the phYSical 
Club, has been founded to help education depanment. 
promOte football as an "Therefore, at a minimum, our 
intercollegiate spon on campus. approach should attempt to 

The establishment of the avoid, or at least minimize 
football club is the flrst step in budgetary competition between 
getting a DiviSion 1Il football present intercollegiate teams and 
program on campus off the football." 
ground. Although the club is in Kobyashi , a longtime 
its infancy. plans are already supponer, of bringIng football on 
being made to compete by next campus, is still unsure of the 
fall . actual cost of initiating the 

"I've already been ontacted by football, but he estimates that a 
twO sc hools, Cal Lutheran and figure around $250,000-$300,000 
Sonoma State , for the possibility wouldn't be a bad guess. 
of haVlng games for next There are some options as to 
season," said Cris Rys, one of the how to help finance the foOtball 
founders of the football club. team, but the most feasible is an 

The UCSD FootbaU Club plans add-on fee to one of the fees . A 
to recruit as many interested cenain amount, for example, 
students not only as players, but would be tacked on to one of the 
also as helpers in developing the Jive separate fees students pay 
team into an NCAA sanctioned each quaner, and the money 
program. 

"Our main intent," said Rys, 
"is to get a Division !II football 
team on campus as soon as 
possible. Because of time 
required to organize the 
program, we'U have the club team 
compete next fall, and then by 
the following season have an 
intercollegiate team." 

Gctting any endeavor of this 
sort requires a tremendous 
flnancial undertaking. This has 
been the main concern of 
administrative officials. 

"Inlanicular, our approach 
shoul recognize that football , 
more than any other 
intercollegaite span, has the 
potential to overwhelm all of the 

would then be taken from the 
collected fees. 

Only a simple majority is 
required for this type of 
referendum to take effect. But 
trying to promote and publicize 
a foOtball team between now and 
the spring election will be no 
easy task. 

"We want any person 
interested in playing or 
interested in helping us get a 
team to join the football club ," 
said Rys. "It's wh3t this campus 
needs to help bring people 
together and generate school 
spirit." 

Anybody interested in the 
foOtball club should contact 
either Rys at 452-1722 or RandL 
Garcia at 457-4760. ~ 

Team gets ready to roll for spring 
By SCOTT EDWARDS 

A few of you have probably heard of the 1986 Tour de France winner, Greg 
Lemond, or maybe you saw the 
movie "Breaking Away," a few 
years ago. Perhaps at least you've 
seen a rolling pack of cyclists on 
thousand dollar bicycles heading 
down the coast. Among cyclists, 
Greg Lemond was well known 
long before his VICtory in France, 
and to some racers, the movie 
"Breaking Away" is seen as the 
origin of the popularity of bicycle 
raci ng in America , the slight 
push needed to stan the wave of 
bicycle racing which was 
originally established In Europe. 

On the UCSD campus, the 
cycling team is composed of 
students who train daily through 
the winter to prepare for the 
races which commence in 
March. Although not a NCAA 
recognized spon, the team has a 
rigorous training schedule. On 
Tuesday and Thursday evemngs 

the workouts include an 
expedition of campus stairwells, 
"Le Tour de Stairs, which 
encompasses a herd of sweaty 
runners pounding up stairs 
throughout the University. Every 
morning at 7 am, the few, the 
proud and the dedicated leave 
from the bike shop to boldly go 
where no pack of riders has 
gone before (well , at least as far 
as EnCInitas.) However, the real 
adventurers are the mountain-
bike riders who "bonzai" through 
the cyclo-cross course, located 
near the Supercomputer buildIng, 
on Tuesday and Thursday 
mornings. This year, the team 
has the ultimate in fitness 
technology, th e "Ergometer" 
cycling machine. For those who 
love paIn and want to cat lunch 
twice , the 20 mInute death -test is 
highly recommended. The 
cou rse IS si tua ted smack In 
th e middle of a Sorrento valley 
industrial park and is normally 

secluded on a Sunday afternoon. 
The competition will include 

all the top schools in California. 
Stanford , UC Santa Barbara and 
Cal Poly are the perennial 
favorites because of sheer power 
In numbers. However, recent 
years have shown that individual 
riders can steal the show. Tom 
Colley believes that the 1986 
champions, Cal Poly, will be the 
team to beat because their novice 
team rrder~ will have more depth 
and experience and a higher 
confidence level in races. 

The number one concern forthp 
cycling team is women. The men 
cannot WIn the Championsh ips 
on their own, but need a strong 
team of five or six women who 
have had rdClng cxpCilcnce. In 
1986, Alicia Steinhart won both 
the road race and criterium tlue 
to her excellent cychng skills and 
racIng experiencr . but one 
outstantli ng member will not WIn 
the team prrze . Coach Colley 

believes that a strong womens 
team could "devastate the 
division ." 

As rigorous as cycling can be , 
there is a lighter side to the 
demanding span. To alleviate 
tension and spread good cheer, 
the cycling team has had , for the 
last tWO years, a "team slut." (Pat 
CaSSidy has held the position for 
the last two years, but because hr 
is. no longer a student he has lost 
his eligibility. He IS rumored 10 
be filing a petition of protest. 
The cycling te,lm slut must be 
willing to throw hIS or herself on 
any cyclist and be very 
photogenic It 's important to likr 
shaven legs on both exes, long 
road mps to [.Ir away l.\nds, and 
to be genemlly cheap and easy. 
On a slrghtly different nOte , the 
Icam could never eXist Without 
"Freds." A Fred is a rider who IS 
'All dough and no go," has to 
Stop to rake a drink of Water. 
Jnd wears Lemond 's La Vic 

Claire jersey while sponingJC 
Penny knee-high socks. With the 
populariry of cycling today, Freds 
are hard to avoid and one must 
he careful to avoid them on the 
road . 

Although football players make 
more money, cycling is America's 
second most popular spon 
behind swimming, and San 
Diego is becoming the U.S. 
capital, along with Boulder, 
Colorado, for America's top 
cyclists. The ingredients in San 
Diego, the rolling hills, clean air 
and sunshine Will be 
contributing factors to a 
successful year for the UCSD 
cycling team. There are chances 
thiS year for a National 
ChampIonship (a fir t time 
event) which would bring all the 
top U.S collegiate teams to 

alifornlJ to detennine the best 
team and indIVidual riders. 

Thursday, January 8. 1987 11 
SPORTS 

It pays to advertise in the UCSD Guardian! 
GRUT COPIES. 

GREAT LOCAnON. 
GRUT PRICES. 

KlNKO'S. 

GnIat houn, too. Kinko's is open early, open late and 
open weekends. For quality copies at a price you can 

afford. kinko.s. 
~ CIIIIIII cn..,.. .... 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (near Ralphs/ Sav-On) 
La Jolla Village Corwenience Center 

457-3775 

Austria 
Ski Package 

Air/ Hotel 
7 Night~ 

$669 

Other Values! 

Open 7 o.ys A \lIeek 
For 

Lunch, Dinner, Dandng 

635 S. HIGHWAY 101, SOLANA BEACH, 755-4813 

-----------------------------

100 Comic Bags FREE 
with $15 Purcl'lOse of NEW comics 

WIth this ad. Expires 1/22/87. 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave.. 

Son DIego. CA 92117 
(comer at Balboa & Clc*amont Dr.) 

- Next to Food Basket -
(619) 41,..153 

675--8 N. 8roact.vay 
EIcondIdo. CA 92025 

Country Comer Shoppjng Center 
at Broadwav Be Washington 

(619) 745-6660 
Copyright C 19&4 MIlNe! Comic:a Group. All rtgms rewrved, 
SPIDER-MAN: ,. ond C 1884 _ Conoco Group. 

Campus Recreation offers a 
GOING OUT OF BUSINESS 

SAIL 

UCSO's Office of Campus Recreation Is going out of buslnessand wonts 10 toke 
you with theml In an etIat to get out of the 8\I8IVdOy. humdrum business of 
academia. Campus Recreation Is oII8rIng the campus community the 
chance to get In on the sail. The sail Is one of many that fakes place within the 
Sail Son DIego program - a big boat sailing program designed to teach 
participants 10 na\IIga!e. captain. toke world voyages. race In the Trans-pac. 0( 
crulle the Tahitian lsIands. To get In on this great sail contact Don Reidt at 
lC44037. 

WE ARE TALKING TOTAL LlQUIDATIONI 

... 



12 Thu rsday, January 8, 1987 

ClassIfied acNertlslng space Is sold In 
100-character Increments. Each 
letter, PW1ctuatfon mark and space 
between words Is considered a 
character, with capital letters 
counting as two characters. The rate 
per 100 characters Is Sl tor students, S3 
tor taculty and statr, and S4 tor others. 
Payment In advance Is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with a 
check ,made out to The UCSO 
Guardlant or presented In person. 
Deadlines are 4 pm Monday tor 
Thursday's paper, 4 pm Thursday tor 
Monday's paper. The Guardian 
reseNeS the right to refuse any 
advertising including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
information call 534-0466. The 
Guardian , UCSO, 8-016, La Jolla , CA 
92093. 

SERVICES 
Accu-writ Word ProcessIng. Student 
ra tes . Pick-up/delivery. Call for 
appoIntment 53~0516. (1/29) 

ROBERTO'S DELIVERY call food 4 
thought 587-wild before 9:20 Sunday 
thru Thursday. (2/9) 

WORD PROC ESSING , TYPING, 
EDITING. Student rates. In La Jolla. Call 
454-6860. (1/22) 

Typing-Ph.Ds, MA.s, Legal, Medical. 
Term. RUSH ":OBS. Marie 944-2880. 
(3/12) 

TUTORING. MATH /PHYSICS /CHEM. 
Guaranteed. Mark 461-7146. (1/20) 

TUTORING- private, math, chem, 
physics, econ, etc. UCSD grad 3 yrs. 
exper. Call Judy 45 7-0545. (1/22) 

Word Processing: on-campus Argo 437, 
papers, theses, dissertations; rushes 
taken. Roger Lo 455-9736. (3/12) 

WANTED 
Counter person/key operator: bright 
self-starter wanted for part- t ime 
poSition at retail quick copy shop. Please 
apply at Kinkos 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
(near Ralphs.) (1/15) 

HORNS AND KEYBOARDS wanted for 
established Reggae band with studio, 
free recording, four-part harmonies and 
more. Call Michael 534-2510 or David 
452-8480. (1/15) 

Models/Talent Males & females for ads, 
catalogues, magazines & commercial 
work. Prestige. Modeling /Ta/ent 
Agency. 942-7307. (6/4) 

HELP WANTED 
Superbagels of La Jolla now hiring for 
deli and bakery help. La Jolla ColonyCtr. 
453-9243. (1/8) 

Encinitas Gelato ice cream store-in the 
lumber yard. Counter and manu-
facturing. A ll hours. Phone 436-3563 or 
stop in person and ask for Bev. (1/12) 

HOUSING 
Female needed to share large master 
bedroom in La Jolla condo. Close to 
everything. Fully fur n i shed . 
Washer/dryer, etc. Must seell 300 mo. 
Please call 457-0695 11/12} 

Uve-in hous.:keeper in Del Mar Mansion 
room & salary - perfect for student Last 
housekeeper graduated. Call 755-8246 
for inteNiew. 11/15} 

M N/smoker wanted to share Ig mstr 
bdrm in furn house on Gilman only 
S245/mo piUS 1/3 ut i/, Pool, Jacuzzi, 
washer/ dryer. Call 455-7029. (1/15) 

Roommate w anted female. Nonsmoker, 
furnished own room Clairemont , ·S205-
245, 569-0152 evenings, available. I1/8} 

Univ City- M/F roommate wanted. Own 
room, S300/ mo. No smoking/drinking/ 
drugs. Kevin 437-8144. 11/12) 

Roommate w anted. Male/female non-
smoker to share 2 bedroom condo in 
University City. Own room, pool, tennis, 
fu rnished. S3OO/mo + V2 utilities. 453-
5653· 11/8 ) 

N eed to get away? Uve in a Gazebol In a 
backyard near the ocean. S250. 259-
7651 Steve. 11/8} 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ROBERTO'S DELIVERY call food 4 
thought 587-wild before 9:20 Sunday 
thru Thursday. 12/9) 

Earn commission pay in spare t ime. 
Oppty with long distance seNice. Leave 
message (619}456-5619. 11/8) 

The hOOle of the 
39¢ hamburger. 

.r 

f 

\ l .... \1 

M~l)OIII1Id~m AI/Oil. 
\ \ \ .\\ .~. \'t 

I 
' ,1", . • 1 '" I 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

........ -!!!!!I~!!!!!!!!--!!--!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-.......... 
ALL AMERICAN MEAL 

Quarte r Pounder"~ with Cheese, LarKe Fry , 

II 
Medium-Size Soft Drink 

" , .. " \ .hk I ~,' ,I' I H'UI II 
II Llnllt un\.' I.lIU 1''' n Iw r II \. u (om~r , !'l'r VI It. Pk" I~\.· 

IH \" ~ n t \. () U I' ll n w h " n II or,h-n n),t . Not vallJ with ,H' Y II ,lrh\.·r lllkr. 
II 

~ f:;"O:~ ,"", 
_____ .-_._._._1 

$ II ,Just 1.9911 
(plu tax) II 

Only at: 
7140 Miramar Rd . 

II 
II 
anDiCgO~ 

-------- - ~ 
---------

Col~ students eam ~SIO per Ihr 
'NOrking pit on campus. For more Info 
r II 1-800-932-0528. (1/8) 

Union of Jewish Students Oneg 
Mandeville suite at Tioga Hall 6:30 
Friday 1-9-87. Come and enjoyn (1/8) 

Make my sut1YTlerl Let ASIO help you 
with a summer internship in DC, NYC, or 
even in America's finestl Stop byASIO for 
details. (1/8) 
Why not volunteer )Uur extra time at 
ASIO? We're loads of fun and you can 
make those important career contacts 
)Uu'll need after graduation. 534-4689. 
(l/8) 
THE HIDINGMASK THE HIDING-MASK 
at the spirit Sat H 7 Bpm. II/IS} 

ALL UCSD STUDENTS- come dancing 
at the Revelle New Year's partyl FRIDAY 
JAN. 9 9-1 AT Argo Pit C-YA 11/8) 

The UCSD chapter of Alpha Epsilon Pi, 
the nations leading non-discriminator 
and Jewish fraternity is holding a spedal 
freshman ar)d little sister rush. Come see 
us tonight 1/8 at the kamikaze/top gun 
party or Tues 1/13 at bowling night. For 
more info call Adam L:t 452-5079. Come 
on out and get a piece of the Pill (1/8) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Umbrella EARLY last quarter in HL 12--
classroom. Call 458-9408 to claim. 11/8} 

KEYS: Lost on Fri. of the 10th week near 
the Sun God or main sidewalk. largest 
key " fits Fiesta." Keyring is bent up. If 
found call Brian at 546-8552. 11/12} 

FOR SALE 

HONDA MB5 mtrcy!: Lo mi; exc. cndtn; 
w/rover; recent overhaul & new chain 
S299 blo. Must sell. Eric 546-9013. (1/8) 

VOWNTEERS 
NEWfD fOR 

MENSTRUATION 
STUDY 

DepMtment of 
Reproductive I'fedIcint, UCSD 

Regularly menstruating non-
athlctt.s as well as menstruating 
and nonmenstruatlng athletes 
ages 18 to 32 yean arc needed. 
Volunteers must not be smokers, 
must not be using oral 
contraceptives and must not be 
ovcrwtlght. Athletes must be 
running 40 miles per week or the 
equivalent of swimming or 
cycling, 

This study Includes blood 
sampling and chemical 
stimulation of hormone release, 
Volunteers receive payment and 
results of body composition, 
aerobic capacity, nutrition, and 
hormone analyses, 

If interested, call Anne Loucks, 
PhD : 543·2671 or 543-5869 (9-4). 
Ask for Information on MfDO 
Study, 

FOR SAlE: '78 Ford Fiesta, good 
transportation, $800, Negotiable, call: 
481-5679. (1/15) 

VW71 Super bug runs gr~atl Sun roof 
SI.300 or B.O., electric typewriter, 
excellent condition $60, ,jesk(26'x42'} 
oak finish, 3 drawers. Nice S4 5 call 280-
5477 or 543-9884(message). (1/12) 

75 AUDI Fox looks great runs great must 
see thj~ one SI150 or best call Bill 457-
2479. (1/15) 

'78 DATSUN FlO Ssp, good condo 
in/ out, xlnt 4 speaker stereo 
w/equilizer, S9OO/obo, Jon 587-3615. 
(1/15) 

For Sale: 1974 Toyota Celica ST, 91,000 
miles, ~xcellent condition. 30 miles per 
gallon, only SJloo. CaP 453-6294 for 
details. 11/8) 
Need furniture: Queen bed - S99, 
desk-~9, obo call 458-9320. 11/8) 
Complete Apple lIe system-lmagewriter, 
appleworks plus tons of games-xlnt 
cond only 5650 Phil 546-8190. (1/12) 

PERSONALS 
To Christine Pi Best wishes on initiation. 
Hope you have a great year. Juan O. 
(1/8) 

Do }<>u want to get more out of college 
life but are not sure if a fratemi1¥ is for 
)Uu? Then call Adam at 452-5079 and 
find out more about Alpha Epsilon Pi, 
the nations's leading non-discriminatory 
Jewish fratemi1¥. AETT is holding a 
special freshman and little sister winter 
rush, with events running through 1/20. 
Come on out and get a piece of the 
PiII(1/8} 

Cynthia R: Welcome back I Hope)Uu had 
a great break I'll be seeing youl Love, 
your R.B. (1/8) 

Zaida-I'm going to miss)Uu like crazy 
next quarter-I hope you have a blast but 
)UU don't have too much fun so you 
want to come back in the fall . Thx for 
always being there \M1en I throw my 
chem/fits and for being a great friend. I 
love )Uul Bubbie (1/8) 

Happy 19th DAN SI Sun, fun, and keep it 
goingl H's & K's ail the way from Pa. lLN, 
M , 0, Beth, etc. (1/8) 

Have )UU seen the Incidentals lately? 
Check them out at the SAE 50's party 
and the Muir semi-formal. (1/8) 

Delta Gamma wishes the students and 
faculty of UCSD a happy and prosperous 
1987. (1/8) 

Phrog - Luisa still loves )UU. She can't 
help it Someday I'll forgive )UU too. 
Someday. Pher. (1/81 
PARTY PARTY PARTY rome break all of 
)Uur NeYII Year's Resolutions. Revelle Pit 
this Friday 9-1 BE THERE. (1/81 
Congratulations Brian and Bethie. Live 
long and prosper. -POl, UC La Jolla. 
11/8) 

Delta Gamma would like to 
congratulate TKE Mark Shaffer and DG 
Layfa Kashani on their new position of 
co-chairmen for the 1987 Greek Week. 
11/8} 

COLLEGIAN Sunday School Class close 
to campus. Call Norm at 56~5633. PTU 
11/8} 



Mojo N~xon's musical watershed 

While today's popular music 
continues to sound the same, 
there occasionally appears a 
musician wlw attempts to defy 
the laws of conformity and make 
music that's more reflective of his 
personaliry rather than that of 
the Top 40. 

Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper, 
who recently completed a 
national tour, are a local group 
wlw combine an electric guitar 
and washboard with wild lyrics 
to create a rype of music that is 
new and original, yet painless to 
listen to. And although some of 
his songs have reached the top ten 
on college radio, Mojo and Skid 
can still be found performing at 
San Diego nightclubs. 

I was introduced to Mojo's 
music fry a friend wlw wished to 
disprooe my theory that aLL 
modem music was formulated by 
advertising executives and 
musicians with Lipstick and 
funny hair. Afterwards, I wrote 
to the address on the back of the 
album. The following intertJiew 
resulted. 

-matt Imiley 

hiatus: Where did you grow 
up? 
MN: I grew up in a small town 
in the South. One high school. 
Everybody went to it. The 
richest kid in town went to it, 
the poorest kid in town Went 
to it, all the blacks and whites. 
There were really only two 
kinds of people, black people, 
white people, rich and poor. 
Almost everybody was poor. 
It had a typical small town 
atmosphere. Everybody 
worried about what you were 
doing, what church you went 
to, what store you went to. 
I'm still hollerin' about it. 
John Cougar talked about 
growing up in a small town, 
and granted there are some 
pleasures. But he didn't touch 
on all those other things, 
people peekin' in your 
window, the small minds, 
people being afraid. Afraid of 
the cops, afraid of the rumors 
and so on. 
hiatus: How did you start 
out? 

MN: We starteJ out playing 
in San Diego for five and ten 
dollars a show. The Spirit 
used to have this singer/ s ng, 
writer thing on Wednesday 
night and blue night n 

Tuesday. We did the first 
show ever at the Texas Tea 
House in Ocean Beach. We 
also performed at the Spring 
Valley Inn with the Beat 
Farmers. I'd jump up and play 
a few songs while people 
booed uncontrollably. 
hiatu5: Did you start out 
singing the same kind of thing 
you do now? 
MN: Mostly stuff from the 
first album .... Covers, too. 
Chuck Berry things, Bob 
Dylan things. It was pretty 
much the same, but very 
primitive. I didn't have all the 
confidence I have now, all the 
megalomania. 
hiatus: How long have you 
been in the music business? 
MN: Too long in the 
"business" end of it . . . . 
We've been making money 
for about two years now. We 
did it for about a year before 
we started making money at it. 

by matt smiley 

That was full time. I've been 
playing guitar, writing songs 
and runnin' amuck for about 
ten years. We started the 
Mojo,Skid thing about three 
years ago. 
hiatus: Do you do all your 
own writing? 
MN: Yeah, well there's always 
those things I stole outright. 
We have a Springsteen song 
on the first album and there's 
"Inna Gadda Da Vida" and 
Alice Cooper's "Be My 
Lover" on Frenzy, but all the 
rest is original. I got a whole 
stack of notes from the last 
tour With little tidbits I wrote 
down. I'll jump up from the 
table at home, "I gotta sing 
about this! Get me a pen!" 
hiatus: You prefer live 
performances to recording 
sessions. 
MN: Recording is a two,week 
thing and it's over. When 
playing live, I don't even relate 

to the songs as they are on the 
record. I chang~ them a little 
every time we play. There's 
the whole middle part of 
"Jesus at McDonald's" on the 
first album that I haven't sung 
for two years. 
hiatus: Have you done much 
touring? 
MN: A lot. We've played 
over a hundred shows outside 
of San Diego in the last four 
months. We were in Europe 
for a month'in April and did a 
couple short tours in the 
spring. In November we're 
supposed to do California; 
colleges and stuff. The last 
record did real well on college 
radio. 
hiatus: Have you had much 
airplay with the new rec~rd? 
MN: We're in the top ten 
with many .college stations. 
Problem with that is many of 
them are on cable, which isn't 
where most people listen to 

An Arts Magazine SeNing the UCSD Community 

Volume 14, Number 1 January 8, 1987 

their radio . Most people listen 
to the radio in their car. 
"Stuffin' Martha's Muffin" is 
popular on some regular 
stations, and I hear "I Hate 
Banks" sometimes. But it's a 
series of things that add up. 
W e just got a review in Rolling 
Scone which legitimizes us in 
some people's eyes. We're on 
the IRS Cutting Edge th ing 
too. We hope ~o see {he 
fourth LP on Enigma/ Capitol 
and then things should really 
take off. 
hiatus: Do you have any rival 
bands? 
MN: 1 prefer to think of them 
as comrades, although some 
are competitors - the evil 
scummy ones, that is. But 
there 's this guy from Tucson 
who makes me seem like a real 
regular guy. His name's Fish 
Karma. He's got some great 
songs ... "God is a Groovy 
Guy," "Swap,Meet Women," 
"Let's All Go Be Methodists . 

" 

hiatus: What do you think of 
San Diego radio? 
MN: San Diego radio is pretty 
dead. 1 like some of that stuff, 
but there are all these bands 
like Journey and Bon Jovi and 
Kansas that you can't tell 
apart. They lock into a 
formula and spend tons of 
money on drum machines and 
stuff like that. It all sounds the 
same. You tune in to KGB and 
that all sounds the same too. 
Same goes for 91X. Tllev're ~ 
tad bit more adventuresome, 
but still play all those English, 
synthesizer,haircut,"I'm de' 
pressed!" repetitive kind of 
music. The San Diego radio 
scene needs a college radio 
station that's in the air instead 
of on cable. 
hiatus: What are your 
political beliefs? 
MN: I have all kinds of 
beliefs, but probably none 
that you can publish. I'm no 
conservative or liberal. I'm an 
anarchist. The conservatives 
and liberals are dedicated to 
the preservation of the state as 
it is, with mild changes within. 
1 want to see a little wild in the 
streets, a little freedom. 
hiatus: 1 know you have 
something to say about 
Reagan. 
MN: Yeah, I'm gonna 
advocate eveyone taking more 
drugs. This war on drugs 

Please tum to page 2 



-- ... Goings on - Mojo Continued from IM~ 1 
tS crazy. What does Nancy 
Reagan know about dl'llAs, 
anyway? What she needs is 
s'ome mushrooms. That 
would loosen her up. She 
wouldn't have that neck so 
tight all the time. She could let 
her neck fall down like 
Ronnie ' s and get all 
turkeyfied! The girl needs to 
eat something too. She looks 
all anorexic! I know that 
Russian guy's been taking 
drugs because he's gar that big 
splotch on his head. Anyway, 

I remember hearing a story 
about the cops in Boston 
suing the city because the city 
wants to randomly piss-test 
them without provocation or 
probable cause. How is that 
any different from random 
searches or random car 
stopping to check for drugs or 
porno stuff? It goes against all 
the Bill of Rights stands for. 
hiatus: Have you done any 
major TV appearances? 

Editor 
EVA WONG 

AModate Editor 
MARLA HELLMAN 

Senior Staff Writer 
MARK PINKUS 
Contributon 
JOHN ASHLEE 
IAN BARNARD 

SUSIE BEEL 
MIKE BROWN 
TRISH BROWN 
KEN CALHOUN 
SEAN DUFFY 

SEBASTIAN FRENCH 
KATHY GARLAND 

JEFF KLEEN 
ROBERT LEONE 

NIGEL LINDEMANN 
PHIL MACGOVERN 

LARA MlHATA 
RICH PEClAK 

SHERYL RAKESTRAW 
JOHN SINGH 

DANNY THOMAS 
SEAN WAGSTAFF 

JOSH WElL 

Editorial: 534-6580 
Advertilinl: 534.Q466 
Hiatus is published every 

Thursday of the academic 
year as a suppLement to the 
UCSD GUARDIAN. Re-
production or use of any 
portion of this magazine 
without written permission 
is a no-no. We welcome 
unsolicited letters, manu-
scripts and artwork, but 
assume no responsibility for 
the return of such. Send 
information to: 

HIATUS 
8-016, La Jolla, CA 9~093 

"After Crystal Light" is a 
comedy drama about aJewish 
family's attempt to cope with 
anti-Semitism. Playwright 
John Henry Shaner laces 
delicate issues such as fascism , 
urban violence and even the 
holocaust with meaningful 
humor. This play runs 
January 9-25 at the Marquis 
Public Theater. Call 295-
5654 for program informa-
tion. * * * 

Windham Hill's solo 
pianist George Winston will 
appear at the San Diego Civic 
Theater on January 20ar8 pm 
for his first San Diego concert 
in two years. Winston has 
recorded three albums: 
Autumn, W intL>r Into Spring , 
and December, and has plans 
for an album with themes 
from the summer season. For 
further information call 436-
4030. 

* * * 
The first of the Bosendorfer 

Concerts for winter quarter 
will feature the Apple. Hill 
Chamber Players playing 
selec tions from Brahms, 
Tchaikowsky and Beethoven. 
This perfomance will be on 
January 11 at 3 pm in 
Mande v ill e Auditorium . 
Admission for students is $3. 

* * * 
Make 1987 a royal year 

with the "Little Kings!" The 
first T.G. of the new year is 
this Friday, January 9 from 
4:30-7 pm on the Gym steps. 
The A.S . will provide 
refreshments. Welcome the 

weekend with some hard rock 
'n' roll! * * * 

Don't miss Bernard Slade's 
"Romantic Comedy," which 
o pens Friday at the Escondido 
Patio Playhouse. This bright, 
contemporary play resembles 
a soap operw Phoebe loves 
Jason but Allison loves Jason, 
too. Leo loves Phoebe, but 
what about Kate? Or Blanche? 
Call 746-6669 and find a 
happy ending? 

* * * 
Kiva is a non-notation 

performance group that has 
explored electro-acoustic 
instruments , extended 
instrumental techniques, and 
diverse media forms at the 
UCSD center for music 
experiment. Between January 
12 and 16, Kiva will present a 
series of programs featuring 
MIDI electronics, unique 
video, vocal theater and the 
culinary arts at 8 pm in the 
center for music experiment, 
4808 Warr~n campus. Call 
534 - 4383 for further 
information. 

'IIr * * Ten members of the 
graduating class of the 
Professional Theatre Training 
and Acting Program will 
present a series of short 
contemporary and classic 
dramatic literature, musicals 
and comedy. This perfor-
mance will be at 5 pm and 
8:30 pm on January 15 at the 
UCSD Warren Theatre. Call 
534-3120 for more informa-
tion . -kathy garland 

MN: We've done some cable-
access stuff that was pretty 
good. We were also on 
something called "Campus 

Piase 'tum to page .. 

it out 

"Dreamgirls" is the heartwarming story of three young 
black singers whose talent for the rhythm and blues leads 
them to stardom. Directed by Michael Bennet, who co-
produced "A Chorus Line," this Tony Award-Winning 
Broadway musical is coming to the San Diego Civic 
Theater on January 12. For times and prices of the eight 
performances, call 236-6510. 

UNMRSITY BOOKSTORE UNTILunuJ 
LA aU" 
HAS BEEN 

UNBEARABLE ••• 
Monday, January 5th 

Tuesday, January 6th 

Wednesday, January 7th 

Thursday, January 8th 

Friday, January 9th 

Saturday, January 10th 

Regular store Houri 
Monday - friday: 

7:A5am.lo 5:15pm. 
Saturday: 

1 0:00am. to .:OOpm. 

ond 

7:45a.m. to 9:oop.rt:'. 

7:45a.m. to 8:00p.m. 

7:45a.m. to 8:00p.m. 

7:45a.m. to 7:00p.m. 

7:45a.m. to 6:00 p.m. 

10:00 o .m. to 4:00p.m. 

CIOMd SundaY' and HolidaY' 
ph.*~770 

~. /:1 .1) ~~ ~, ~~,~ 
-;;..'/~.I..-'! 0 But tracks have .• _ 0.- _ Blueberry Cheesecake. 

been Sighted, Red Raspberry and, 
leading LO Colony of course, Chocolate 
Plaza Cemer, where and Vanilla. 
the new Polar's 
Yogurt Company is 
about to open. 500n, 
you can experience 
for yourself whal Ihe 
reSI of the country 
is roaring about. 

Our frozen yogu rt 
has the same naturally delicious [liSle 
as the fmest ice ream. BUI with less 
than 'II the calories! Polar's offers a 
wide vanelY of mouth watering 
navors. includi ng trawberry Creme. 

Enjoy Polar's bare or 
tickle your taster 

with over 21 
loppmgs. an abundance 

of fresh fru ll and 
decadent sundae 

toppings. 

Follow Ihe tracks to Polar's Yogurt 
Company m the new Vons Shoppmg 
Center on the corner of Reg ems Road 
and AribJ And lame your feroCiOUs 

appetite! 

-------------------------------I 2 FOR 1 
II It'. rIdI . ,t'. 

ClUmy. And iu I JoM .... fch< I ~ Uptr<t ~/87. 
I ~ 
II Doa IlOl incl ..... IA>ppiIIp. no 

V.Jid lor .....u. .... diu .... I ...t"o"". 
___ 1 ______ ---------------------

2 FOR 1 I ~"~j" . I - "- I '!: ._--
\VfQr?n IT ~,l I \~U I . 

o..c _ "" c ..... _r. I 
-------

Now Open 

I"m.ilin Estetlet Moore star as )Y)ung I.ooers on the nm from the law in 
ad~re {ilm "Wisdom." 

A word to the wise 
Some movies you damn. 

Some you praise. And some 
you don't know what to do. 
Wisdom, starring, written by, 
and directed by Emilio 
Estevez, is one of the few films 
in that last group. Visually, 
it's a good film, and the plot 
flows smoothly. Even in 
confUSing action sequences, 
the editing of the film is 
flawless. 

The acting is competent and 
effective. Some of the scenes 
are small masterpieces, 
notable is a nutty sequence 
where some rustic types 
bestow gifts upon a couple 
that break into banks and 
destroy farm loan records. It 
is an examination of the 
nature of herds in modern 
America and on the dangers of 

by robert leone 
a positive self-image. It could 
be a good film, and it should be 
a good film, but it isn't. 

The characters are well 
portrayed, but they don't 
make sense. John Wisdom 
(Estevez) is a nice middle-class 
guy who has a felony 
conviction which forces him 
to rob banks and blow up 
their mortgage files. Karen 
Simmons (Demi Moore), 
Wisdom's girlfriend, is 
justifiably incensed when a 
lunch date is turned into a 
bank raid and getawa y, but 
stands by her submachine 
gun-toting man on a trip of 
several thousand miles. 

FBI Ag~nt Williamson 
(William Allen Young) is the 

A Unique Opportunity ... 

QUALCOMM 
Bright Future 

only lawman west of the 
Mississippi who doesn't think 
with his gun. There are several 
sex scenes which show that 
Moore and Estevez can fit in 
the same bed, but the scenes 
don't advance the plot. The 
end of the film cheapens all 
the feelings that the vi..'wer has 
maintained for the hour and 
forty-five minutes of the 
movie. 

It's not a good film, but it 
was okay. As the directoral 
debut of the 23-year-old 
Estevez, it carried well. If the 
man can act in, write and 
direct a film that was semi-
enjoyable at this stage in his 
career, who knows what he 
will be able to later 
accomplish? It is a reason for 
hope. 

Little more than a year old, Q UALCOMM is already becoming a leader in the 
de ign of Slate-or·lhe-art Digilal Communications Systems. The 
company consists of over 50 people and has a broad base of over 15 
projects. The rapidly growing backlog of business will ensure stable 
employment opponunities for years to come- a rarity in a new start -up. 
We are looking for talenled, intelligent individuals. In panicular, we are 
looking for those with experience and education in the following areas: 

• Software Design • Digital Circuit Design 
• Communications • Analog and RF Circuit Design 
• Digital Signal Processing • Digital and Analog VLSI Design 

Proven Team 
Two of the founders of QUALCOMM, Dr. Irwin M. Jacobs and Dr. 
Andrew Viterbi are internationally known in the communications com-
munity and were co-founders of LINKABIT Corporation. QUALCOMM 
now consists of over 50 people, many of whom have collaborated closely in 
the past in the data communications field. 

Financial Rewards 
The possibility for Equity Participalion in a stan-up company but 
without the typical financial sacrifice such opponunities usually entail. 
Additionally, a full range of fringe benefits induding medical and denial 
insurance, liberal sick leave and vacation policy, and a 40lk plan. 

location 
San Diego, California, in close proximity to the University of 
California at San Diego (UCSD) campus, Torrey Pincs State Park, the 
ocean, L:I Jolla, and only minutes aW:lY frOI!1 a host of recreation:ll and 
cultural opponunities. 

Interviews 
QUALCOMM is inteIVicwing on campus January 28th. Sign up now in the 
Career SeIVices Center, or send resume to: 

Attn : Franklin Antonio 
QUALCOMM. INC. 
10555 Sorrento Valley Road 
San Diego. CA 91121 

ms! 

Welcome back to yet another fun-filled album winning 
quarter! hiatus, in conjunction with IRS Records, 
promises to supply the prizes for as long as you, the music-
loving listeners, supply the answers. Good luck and good 
listening. 

"Where did they come from?"· 
1) What band featured Billy Idol as its lead singer? 
2) Which band was headed by John Fogerty? 
3) Which three bands spotlighted Eric Clapton at the helm? 
.. ) Newest pop-sensation Peter Cetera used to sing with which 
band! 
5) Before Crosby Stills Nash and Young, what band did Neil 
Young sing for? 

The three people who answer the most questions correctly 
will each receive an I.R.S. new release. 

Rules 

1) All entries must be in the 
Guardian office by .. pm 
Monday, four days after the 
issue date (entries may be 
sent to The Guardian B"()16, 
La Jolla, CA 92093 ). 
2) Only one entry per 
person. 

3) Entries should include 
name, phone number, and 
address. 
4) If there are more than a 
total of three winners a 
drawing will determine who 
wins the prizes. 

Answers to Quiz .. 
1) Dire Straits' Brother in 
Arms 
2) Grateful Dead, Doobie 
Brothers, .38 Special & 
Genesis 
3) &1m co Run and Born in the 
USA 
.. ) The drowning of a friend 
5) Rapid Eye Movement 

Winners of Quiz" 
l) Robert Bernstein 
2) Larry Weintraub 
3) Lisa Patchett 

January 8,1987 H ..... 3 



What pr mpted my 
de ision to ee Courtmg 
Winnona at the Warren 
Theater? It wa a pIa with 
which I had no familiarity, but 
it starred Fl yd Gaffney, 
U SO's award#winning 
Contemporary Black Arts 
profess r, in a prtn ipal r Ie. 
Gaffney' part is Redman 
Edwards a 65 year old boxing 
promoter turned confection 
store o\\. ner.Hi performan e 
makes Courcin Winnona 
w rth eemg during its run, 
January 7 through 11. 

The play, set in the 50's, 
brings to campus the sights 
and sounds of New Mexican 
culture. It's principal 
character, Winnona, a burger 
cook in her late teen , "teases 
and frightens her town of Cliff 
with her unlikely preoccupa# 
tion with buffalo." S und 
kind of kinky? It's actually a 
tale of love and thwarted love. 

A brand new play, Courting 
Winnona wa rea ted by 
Jonathan Field and directed 
by Walton Jones, award# 
winners in their own right. 
Together with Gaffney, these 
powerminds represent orne 
of the finest UCSD Theater 

personnel. A quick look at the 
rc t of the cast and rew 
suggests that this play could 
b an exceller.t compliment to 
this year's other Theater 
productions. 

Gaffney is also presently 
dire ting. the San Diego 
Repertory's musical, Ma 
Rainey's Black Bottom by 
August Wilson; this is a show 
which was directed by Lloyd 
(Raism In The Sun) Richards 
and lasted on Broadway for 
more than eight months. Ma 
Rainey begins February 5 and 

runs for two weekends. 
Why would somebody 

with a family, a full#time 
teaching job and already 
directing a professional 
musical assume the additional 
task of a lead role in Courting 
Winnona? 

"Walt asked me to play 
Edwards," Gaffney said. 
"He's given me lots of space to 
to improvise between 
character relationships. It's a 
di fferent approach. (In 
directing) I rely on 
motivational movement. The 
last time 1 acted was with 

What if 
you dont get 

into the 
grad school 

of your choice? 
Of rourse, you may get into 

another school, but why settle? 
Prepare for the LSAT. GMAT. 
GRE, MCAI or any grad school 
entran<:£ exam with the best test 

p~ organization- Stanley H. 
Kaplan. 

For nearly 50 years. Kaplan's 
test-taking techniques have pre-
pared over 1 miUion students for 
admission ~ licensing tests of 
all kinds. So call. wtr{ go to just 
any grad school, when you 

;;:1 
STANlEYH KAPlANEOUOJIONAl CENT8IlTD 

The worlds leading 
test prep organization. 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92177 

(619) 277~6744 

(Alan) S hneider and it' 
good to get my feet wet 
again. " 

Gaffney continucJ, "I 
think that in the future, this 
piece will need more work," 
he added, "but it «'ill provoke 
intere t. Experimental pieces 
inje c t and proje °t an 
in ompl te experience (The 
play ha been re ~drafted 
several times during 
rehearsal). It s rt of reminds 
me f looking at Japaneese 
Haiku: peronal and dramatic, 
yet eemingly disconnected 
ideas." 

At some unspecified time 
after all the performances are 
done, the Theatre Oepart# 
ment will hold an open#to# 
the#public forum to discuss 
everyone's constructive 
criticisms on Courting 
Winnona and for every other 
play this year. 

Tickets are $5 (student) 
and $7 (general public), 
available atthe Mandell Weiss 
Center Ticket Office, the 
UCSD Student Center Box 
Office, the ARTS TIX booth 
and all TicketMaster outlets. 
Call 534--4574 for informa# 
tion. 

Mojo 
Continued from page 1 

ateIlite Network." We hired 
a manager with the stipulation 
that we're gonna chop his 
head off if we're not on 
Letterman in a year. If Late 
Night was live, l'djump on the 
table, tic Letterman up, and 
take over. 
hiatus: Do you have any plans 
for future albums? 
MN: We're coming out with a 
new EP in early November. 
It's called Get Gutta My Way. I 
wanted to call it "Mojo Nixon 
and Skid Roper Versus the 
Evil Yuppie Twits," but the 
record company wouldn't go 
for it. Two of the guys thought 
it was hilarious. The other two 
took it personally. Anyway, in 
this song . "Get Outta My 
Way," which is a tirade about 
being stuck in traffic, I'm 
yelling this stuff like, "Those 
evil yuppie twits in their teeny 
fancy Euro#Japo foo~foo 
mobiles! I'm gonna crush 'em 
like a bug!" We also have an 
all#new version of "Jesus at 
McDonald's." The EP should 
hold us over until January 
when the next LP comes out. 

Talk it 
over 
with us ... 
• Pregnancy termination 
• Birth control 
• Free pregnancy tests 
• PAP smears & Breast exams 
,...,.., family Planning 
..... Associates 

Medical Group 

San Diego 
6495 Alvarado Rd, #200 
(619) 287·8226 

FRAME YOUR WALLS CHEAP 

We Also t.ny 
t.rds, Calendan, Mugs, Lamps, Jewelry, 
T-Shirts, Stuffed Animals and Some of the Most Unusual Gifts 

htg'-hAt'''h 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from the Broactway} 

4 Hiatus January 8, 1987 

We WIll Frame 
Any Poster WIth 

A alack Aluminum 
Frame * Mounted On 
Foam Cord Ready. To 

Hang For 529.99 
Iwlth this ad the poster Is FREE*, 

·Frame" Umlted To No Larger ThM 24- x 36-
PrIce Of Free Poster Not To Exceed SS.OO 

£',{ts 
452-7755 


