
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO MONDA V, NOVEMBER 2, 1987 VOLUME 59, #12 

.I).C.C . 
• the 5.D.C.C. not juet 
• but also I pin ..aiIfaction 

____ rta help Sa. Oieto c ..... .au. 
MliIllc'Nid. 

Mardil&tMon, with s .... Daon, SDSU'. 
:!iec: ...... 04. Community Allin, fonnecl the 

"'-II .... the auanmer. A ~ wide coRe-
• .-1IliItI1CI in the 70s, but diuoIved 

UMJ_IIml .. to deal wilhtoo many county 
... .., ... iuuea oubide ...... ta concerns. 

Ace Marchiclr. in .. for the new 
S.D.C.C. ... me, they ...... 10 continuauaIy 
..... in ......... beca ... the S.D.C.C. 
can die to .......... council me ...... 
D.non . that the new S.D.C.C. needs to 
keep .... to. IIliniINB because, in the 
...... . X.C. hiW to ~ate ....... 
"'011 iuue. 

.. ~ have a IinIited ..... of people we 
need to • limited set aI ..... We need to 
haft .... OI'Ianizeci effort4." rranJdin 
saW. 

The eOllilidl'a INt. objectives are to ..aabIiah a 
bown .... ...-pected voice in the community. 
Marchidt dMlled that "once we build a reputa-
tion. we CM do abnoat an,..... ... Recently, San 
0.10 ~ .tudenb had little influence in the 
CitJ c..-, in part beeRUN there are oyer 

SeeLOBBY ...... 3 

Former employee 
sues administrator; 
questions evidence 
By JOHN SHAW 
Training Director 

A discrepency in evidence sub· 
mitted by the University of Califor. 
nia in Small Claims Court may 
have adversely affected the case a 
laid off Medical Center clerical 
employee brought against the Uni· 
versity Thursday. 

Allen Imboden sued his supervi . 
sor, Neurosurgery Admini trative 
Assistant Rita Haubert , for $408 
in dental expenses and $525 in 
back pay he claimed were owed to 
him as a result of her incompetency. 

According to Imboden , Haubert 
misinformed him as to when his 
dental coverage began and lied to 
him about asking for a promotion 
and an associated 90 day retroac· 
tive pay raise. 

Imboden filed suit against Rita 
Haubert personally under the law 
of agency (a law that does not 
require an employer to defend an 
employee who has acted outside of 
their scope of duties) , however the 
University defended her in court. 

According to Imboden, nowhere 
on Haubert's subpoena does it 
mention the University. Imboden is 
unclear as to how the University 
was able to defend Haubert when 
he sued his supervisor not the 
University. 

" My quarrel is not with the Uni· 
versity. It is with the division of 
neurosurgery and Rita Haubert," 
Imboden said . 

Administrative Analyst Marcia 
Rubish , who appeared in court with 
Haubert, justified the Univer ity's 
involvement on the grounds that 
Haubert acted within the scope of 
her duties . Rubish declined to 
comment as to whether Imboden 
had sued Haubert personally or if 
he had actually sued the Univer ity. 

Peter S. Doft, an attorney who 
heard the case in place of the che-
duled judge, denied Imboden's 
claim for compensation. Imboden 
believes, however , that he may 
have grounds for an appeal. 

During the hearing, the Univer· 
sity submitted a copy of the dental 

See LAWSUIT, page 3 

Voters to consider trasli burning alfernative 
By JAMES P. PINPIN 
StaR Writer 

Voters will help decide on elec· 
tion day if trash burning or waste-
energy plants are an acceptable 
means of helping to solve San Die-
go's growing trash problem_ 

Dubbed the Clean Air Initiative 
and prepared by San Diegans for 
Clean Air (SDCA), Proposition H 
would prevent the building of 
waste-energy plants, burning 500 
or more tons of solid waste, within 
the city 'of San Diego and also 
within a three-mile radius of a hos· 

pital, elementary school, child care 
center or nursing home. Also, it 
would require that any such facility 
built would not make additional 
demands on the treated water 
supply and would have its own rec-
ycling and separation methods. 

The initiative is directed against 
the San Diego Energy Recovery 

.(SANDER) proposal to build a 
waste-energy plant at Kearny 
Mesa: The plant is designed to 
burn 2,250 tons of trash per day 
and create electricity for approxi-
mately 60 homes. 

• 

Signal Environmental Systems, 
the proposed builder of the plant, 
withdrew from the project last Aug_ 
12 due to the pressure generated 
by the initiative. However, repre-
sentatives of the city of San Diego 
asked the California Energy Com· 
mission on Sept. 9 to only suspend 
rather than terminate Signal's ap·· 
plication pending the outcome of 
the Nov. 3rd election. 

SDCA's campaign primarily 
focuses on the human health and 
environment risks that may be 
caused by waste.en.ergy plants. 
According to SDCA: 
• There is no adequate method of 

screening highly toxic incoming 
garbage such as chemical waste. 
• The substances emitted by the 

incinerators (fly ash) include acid 
gales, toxic metals, dioxins and 

• Women'. 
volleyball 
Win three straight to 
take tournament 

page 12 

furans. These can cause cancer 
and increase San Diego's ozone-
smog and acid rain problems. 
• Since the residue ash or bottom 

ash left after burning the garbage 
has concentrated levels of lead, 
cadmium and other pollutants and 
is extremely alkaline, it is highJy 
toxic and must be disposed in 
landfills. 
• The waste water used by the 

plants is toxic as well. 
• As the incinerators break down 

due to use, levels of pollution 
Increase. 

Bernie Rhinerson, spokesman for 
San Diegans for Clean Environ· 
ment, which is against Proposition 
H, expressed a different opinion. 
He claims that the air emissions 
from the combustion process go 
through sophisticated, state·of·the· 
art air quality equipment that 
removes from 98 to 99 percent of 
the particulates before there are 
any emissions. He also stressed 

that waste·energy plants meet all 
state and federal standards. 

In the U.S., there are approxi. 
mately 100 waste·energy plants , 
while in European countries and 
Japan, 50 to 80 percent of the 
trash is taken care of by waste· 
energy plants. 

Concerning the SANDER plant 
and Proposition H, Rhinerson said, 
"The study and the environmental 
review was not even completed 

See TRASH, page 7 

SDSU march draws hecklers 

Both women and men partici-
pated in "Take Back the Night. " 

• Central's music 
library 
You can listen but 
please don't sing 

page 8 

By ELIZABETH MAYNARD 

Male and female hecklers hurled 
eggs and abuse at participants in 
an anti.rape march at San Diego 
State University last Thur 'day 
night. 

The second annual "Take Back 
the Night" march and rally, spon· 
sored by the SDSU Women's 
Resource Center, attracted about 
150 men and women who listened 
to speeches about alcohol respon· 
sibility and date rape and marched 
around the campus carrying signs 
and chanting slogans. The 
marcher!> stopped frequently at 
dimly lit the sidewalks with over· 
grown bushes and other spots they 
considered unsafe for women. 

Although the march was non· 
confrontational and geared towards 
making the campus safe for all 
people, the marchers encountered 
a section of people who were over· 
tly hostile and angry. As the women 
passed by several fraternity and 
'orority houses , they were met by 
male and female onlookers throw . 
ing eggs and shouting jeers. One 
man even exposed himself . This 
reaction was surprising and disap. 
pointing to the coordinators of the 
march and rally who, overall, have 
received a lot of campus support 
f r the event. 

According to Dave McGhee. a 
delegate to the Inter.Fraternity 

See ANTI.RAPE, page 7 

• Women's 
soccer 
Ties it up to remain 
No.2 in Division III 

page 12 



2 Mondoy. Nouember 2. 1987 

AIDS Awareness Week 
begins Nov. 9 at UCSD 

A week devoted to" A focus on AIDS" 
will be held on the UCSD campus begin. 
ning Nov . 9, offering an opportunity 10 
learn more about AIDS which has 
inflicted much suffering and ha~ calamit-
ous potential. The scope of the problem 
posed by AIDS , and the liklihood that in 
some way it will impinge on the society at 
large requires that all become well 
informed about its nature, transmission 
and prevention. 

AIDS Awareness Week has been 
planned by a volunteer committee of stu-
dents, staff, and faculty chaired by Chris· 
tine Oakley of the Student Health Ser· 
vice. Physicians and attorneys from the 
Medical School and the community will 
provide up.to·date information and expert 
opinions. Those involved in the treatment 
and counseling of AIDS patients will 
share their experiences and first hand 
knowledge will be offered by persons with 
AIDS. 

To kick off the week, on Nov. 9, there 
will be a reception and an art display. 
The art display, coordinated by Barbara 
Peabody, art therapist working with peo· 
pie who have AIDS, will be exhibited in 
the Humanities Library and the Science 
and Engineering Library. The art to be 
displayed has been created by people 
with AIDS. 

On Nov . 10, at 11:50 am in the 
Garren Auditorium, A. Brad Truax, 
M.D., former chair of the San Diego 
Regional AIDS Task Force, will speak 
on "Health Care and Prevention -
What We Know Now." 

"On Wednesday, Nov. 11 , at noon in 
the International Center, Charles Wig. 
gins, J.D. of the USD School of Law and 
Ted Friedmann, M.D. of the UCSD 
School of Medicine will focus on Civil 
Liberty and Ethical Issues. 

On Thursday, Nov. 12 at noon in the 
Career Services Center, persons with 
AIDS will share their experiences and 
answer your questions. 

Video tapes will be shown and discus· 
sions will be held throughout the week at 

BLOOM COUNTY 

01' (0(/1(5£ / 

various locations around the campus . In 
addition, 13 centers will provide informa· 
tion and/or literature about AIDS and 
sexually transmilled diseases. 

Progressive Students host 
talk on Contra aid 

The Progressive Student Association 
will be hosting a presentation on the Con· 
tra Aid this Tuesday, November 3 at 4 
pm, at the North Conference Room in the 
Student Center. A speaker from the Cen· 
tral America Information Center will be 
discussing the background events that led 
up to the revolution in Nicaragua and the 
subsequent emergence of the Contras. 
The Reagan administration 's upcoming 
request for a further $270 million in aid 
to the Contras, despite the Central Amer· 
ican peace plan, will be a central focus of 
the event. 

An accompanying video, " Faces of 
War ," shows the realities of the Contra 
war from the perspective of ordinary 
Nicaraguans and Americans that are liv· 
ing through it. There will also be an 
opportunity to ask questions and to learn 
more about local efforts to defeat Contra 
aid in Congress. 

Controversial image of 
Voice of America discussed 

Dick Carlson, director of the Voice of 
America (VOA), will talk about the glo· 
bal radio network's "good guy/bad guy" 
images at the San Diego Press Club's 
Newsmaker Luncheon 11 :45 am, Fri· 
day , Nov. 6 at Tia Juana Tilly's in Mis· 
sion Valley . 

The cost is $10 for Press Club 
members and $15 for non-members. 
Carlson, former San Diego journalist, 
businessman and would·be politician, will 
focus on the issues underlying criticisms 
levied against the VOA: "Is the network 
a legitimate radio service .. . . or is it a 
propaganda arm of the United States 
government? Does the VOA report bal· 
anced and objective news . ... or is it a 
mouthpiece for the ideology of the sitting 
Administration?" 

Controversy frequently surrounds the 
VOA, an arm of the United States 
Information Agency . Earlier this year a 
reporter from Radio Marti, a United 
States government·operated station 
which broadcasts to Cuba and Central 
America, was yanked from her White 
House beat after publicly posing a ques· 
tion to President Reagan . Carlson, who 
supervises Radio Marti, defended the 
long. standing policy barring reporters of 
government·run operations from asking 
questions at presidential news 
conferences. 

The VOA broadcasts round·the·clock 
news , music. entertainment and features 
in 44 languages. In an average week 
more than 120 million people world·wide 
listen to the Voice of America. 

Consistent with its current "glasnost" 
policy, the Soviet Union stopped jam· 
ming VOA broadcasts this year - for 
the first time since 1980, when heavy 
interference coincided with the rise of the 
Solidarity movement in Poland. 

Reservations are required by noon 
Wednesday, Nov. 4 . For information, 
phone 239·5082. 

Financial aid planning 
calendar available by mail 

Students in need of funding for the cur-
rent and future academic terms are urged 
to order a free financial aid planning 
calendar from the Scholarship Bank. 
This planner includes deadlines, 
addresses and phone numbers of aid 
sourcetr and tips on applying for aid. 

Over $500 million is available in pri· 
vate aid to coUege Itudenls, and in many 
cases can cover up to 25 percent of a 
student's annual college cosll. These 
funds are contributed by corporations, 
trade, civic and non-profit foundations . 

Financial aid is not always awarded on 
a traditional basis. It can depend on aca· 
demic st.anding, college major, geogra-
phic preferences, or even on a student's 
willingness to undertake a special 
research project or enter a contest. Par· 
ental factors such as union, employer or 
military affiliation is also considered by 
some donors . 

The Scholarship Bank works with 
financial aid offices throughout the U.S. 
to distribute information on the over 
5,000 sources. Interested students may 
receive a computer. generated print·out of 
up to 65 sources of private financial aid 
that they appear Qualified to receive. 

According to the director, many sources 
are renewable annually and have an 
average value in excess of $1,000. 

Sudenb interested in receiving the free 
aid calendar and information on the schoo 
larship programs should send a stamped, 
business· sized, self-addressed envelope to 
the Scholarship Bank, 4626 N. Grand, 
Covina, CA 91724 . 

Cal Western School of Law 
hosts women's conference 

California Western School of Law and 
Charter One Hundred are co-sponsoring 
a law conference for women, designed to 
strengthen understanding and broaden 
knowledge of the c\lYrent legal issues 
affecting women's property rights, to be 
held at 9 am Saturday, Nov. 7 at Cali· 
'..,rnia Western School of Law. 

Local attorneys participahng In this 
event are: Maureen Arrigo, Adjunct Pro· 
fessor of Law at CWSL; Susan Chan· 
nick, Visiting Professor of Law at 
CWSL; Frances Harrison, Attorney-
Family Law Practitioner; and Katharine 
RO!lenberry , Professor of Law at CWSL. 

This program will be the first in a !ler-
ies of conferences at California Western 
School of Law addressing legal issues for 
women. For reservations phone Califor· 
nia Western School of Law at 239-0391. 
There is a SIS fee for general admission; 
$5 for students, which includes a contino 
ental breakfast to be served during the 
conference. Seating is limited. 

Corrected schedules for 
winter '87 due Thursday 

Incorrectly printed UCSD class sche· 
dules (those with a blue cover) for winter 
quarter 1987 , may be exchanged for red· 
covered corrected editions on Thursday, 
Nov. 5. 

Information on careers in 
. muti-media to be provided 

Media production careers wiU be di.-
CUlled on Wednesday, Nov. 4 at2 pm 
in the Career Services Center multi-
purpose room. There will be a chance to 
take a behind·the·scenes look at technical 
careers in the audio·visual media, rang· 
ing from jobs in radio and TV to video. 

-Compiled by Eva Wong 

lIie .. Marketing Director 
Ned "Crack'em Up" 
"'atston was going to tell 
the story about the priest, 
the rabbi and the girdle 
salesman,but he has 
apparently choked in the 
clulch. 

'Lights & Sirens 

Ned soon will be moving 
hack tu ~ hipping where, 
he shoutd be happy 10 
learn, his audience will 
be abollt two. 

s.Jected .m.."", the the UCSD police actiYIty ... rot' ... 
..... 0110/23 ......... 12/28. 

If WltJte ~y / 
1tJII1OI({?OW I (j(J OIV 
WfTH IfN II/COCCA 5CM5 •. 

• Sunday 2S (12:20 am) - D.vid H .... a form. UCSD 
aludent, w.. arreated for b.qIary .n.t poal'lIiOl1 for .... of 
methamphetamine. Police • ...,.1CIed to • call by • PI'" COlt-
cemintr IUspicious activity in the Chemiltry Reteardt BuiIdint in 
Third Collete. In Hunt', palll liOIa were atoIen univenity Iceya. A 
bag containing 42 ........ of 100 percent pure methamphetamine 
waa found in lab #213 of the building. Apparently Hunt had been 
an undergraduate at UCSD, but had dropped out. Profenon were 
still under the impreNion that he wal a student. 
• Wednesday 28 (10:05 am) - A preganant staff member wa. 

litruck in the face by lacuhy member Michael Becker in Warren 
College. The victim reportedly blacked out and later .aught private 
medical treatment. Becker was cited and releaaed. 

Am.£·P/~, IN./.. . 
IIMe/fICIW Pm:H •. II 

I 

• Wedneaday 28 (3:00 pm) - Ronald McCleary, a non-student 
unciergoirtg plychological therapy, wa. arreated lor .... uIt. bat. 
tery, and sexual battery at the VA Ho.pital. Police received three 
report. of sexual battery from woman on and near the Warren 
Campus. One of the three woman said McCleary restrained her and 
grabbed her right breast in the .lairwell 01 the Bailie Science Build· 
ing of the School of Medicine. The 'Ulpect left the t1Cene after the 
victim yelled and atNck Mm. Similar caMI were repot1ecI in the 
quad in Warren College and in the elevator at the V A Hoepital. 
UCSD police lOay they have had Nn in. with McCleary in the paat. 
• Thur~day 29 (9:00 am) -Police reaponded to a report of a 

poasible ~uicide at Tioga Hall in Muir College . The individual 
involved wa~ later discovered only to be meditating on the roof. 
• Thursday (2: 15 pm) - A l>tudent in a room at the International 

Center woke up to find a black male ~earching through a de»k in a 
separate part of the room. Upon recognition, the ~Ul,pect dropped a 
wallel he was apparently attempting to ~teal and fled on foot. Police 
responded . bLOt failed to locate the ~u~pecl. 

-compiled by John Shaw 

La\Vsuit 
Continued from pale 1 
insurance form Imboden signed 
last May that clearly indicated that 
coverage would not begin until 
June 1 , 1987 . I n court, Doft asked 
Imboden ilthe coverage start date 
was on the form when he signed it. 
Imboden replied he did not know. 

Upon returning home. however. 
I mboden found his copy of the form 
and discovered that no such date 
was present on it. Imboden con· 
tacted an attorney Thursday even· 
ing to determine if the discrepency 
would have any bearing on the out· 
come of his case. Imboden is cur· 
rently waiting for a reply. 

"If I would have had my copy,l 
think it would have made a big dif· 
ference," Imboden said. 

Rubish declined to comment as 
to whether or not the University 
knew that the dental coverage start 
date was not on the insurance form 
when Imboden signed it. 

In May 1986 Imboden was pro· 
moted to career status . With the 
promolion came the eligibility for 
dental coverage. Imboden signed 
the form s in early May. Printed on 
the insurance form was a para· 
graph stating that coverage did not 
begin until the first of the month 
following the filing date. Through 
this paragraph, however, were 
typed the words "to career." 

bill for services rendered. When he 
confronted Haubert with the bill , 
Imboden claims that Haubert told 
him, "I never heard of a group insu-
rance plan that didn't go into affect 
immediately. " 

Haubert testified in court that 
she never told Imboden one way or 
the other as to when his dental cov· 
er age started. 

" I didn't discuss the form with 
him, because I never saw it," Hau· 
bert testified . "I told him that pro· 
vided you sign up for insurance, 
you are covered." 

According to Imboden, Dr. John 
Alksne, chief of the division of neu· 
rosurgery al the Medical Center, 

approved Imboden's promotion in 
December 1986 to an Administra-
tive t"position with a pay raise to be 
90 days retroactive. Imboden had 
taken over the clerical duties for 
another doctor with the hope that 
he would be compensated for the 
additional work with the retroactive 
pay. 

Nickie White, Dr. Alksne's sec· 
retary and Imboden's immediate 
supervisor, was supposed to appea r 
in court to testify that Alksne had 
approved the promotion and pay 
raise , but she failed to appear due 
to car trouble. Imboden believes 
her absence wp;tkened hi .• r.ase. 

After waiting to hear about his 
promotion for nearly three months, 

John 

According to Imboden, Haubert 
told him that the paragraph did not 
apply to him since he was being 
promoted to a career position. 
Haubert subsequently authorized 
time off for Imboden to seek dental 
care. Shortly alter his trip to the 
dentist , Imboden received a $408 

Allen Imboden claims that his supervisor lied to him about his 
promotion and cheated him out of back pay, 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDfNTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D'Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa Ave. Ste. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

, ...... --.., 
, t:njoy the difference ... , 
•• Be ready for the • 
• holidays with a • 
• smoother. softer tace • 
•• Start Nowl • 

.30% Off :;~tm.nl • 
• • rermanent Hair Removal. 
•• Professional treatment with . 
• understanding and care • 

· d3 (jIlOO ~~1I~'5 • 
• StudiO of • 
• Eh~(trolog~ • 
• -'? 450-5050. 
• 

3251 Holiday Ct. Ste, 203A • 
LA JOLLA . ABOVE ST. GERMAIN'S 
'- ...... ., 

r----------... I AUTOBRITE I 
I ~ I I I 
I I 
I I 
I I I Auto Detailing & I I Hand Car Wash I 1$2 00 reg SB,95 I 
I off I 
I HAND CAR WASH I I Includes. vacuum. windows, I 1 int.nor Wiped and cleaned I 1 reg. S49,95 I 

1$10°0 I I off I I EXTERIOR Dt:TAlL I 
I 'nelu": Hand waSh. Moracl. wax. all I Windows & chrome cleaned, wneelS. I I tlrt's. rubber and pla~t'c eJetlned and I I (Ondttlon~. IntflOor vacuumed 
I .8-H,.. Rain Guarantee. prlc., I nUl, VlJry according to size and I I <ond'Clon 0' .... "'<le 
I Mon" SIII. 8:30.6· Sun.- l004 I J(lt.ll l )n M~l"'" COrnp.lI ~ ~rklng kJt I I orpo"t~ R.lIp"I lenlt" " '''' NO","1 Dr' I L ___________ __ 

Imboden said Haubert informed 
him that Lori Chase of the campus 
Personnel Office changed the pro· 
motion from Adminstrative I to 
Principal Clerk and also reduced 
the 90 day retroactive pay raise to 
30 days. 

Imboden questioned Chase by 
phone about the changes . Accord· 
ing to Imboden , Chase told him 
that Haubert had not put in for 
Administrative I or the 90 day ret-
roactive pay raise, but that she had 
instead requested the promotion to 
Principal Clerk I with 30 days ret· 
roactive pay. 

Chase testilied in court, how. 
ever, that Haubert had indeed reo 
quested the Administrative I posi· 
tion . Chase said it was her own 
decision to change the promotion. 
not Haubert's. Chase said she could 
not remember whether or not Hau· 
bert had requested a 90 day retro· 
active pay raise, but that "it is not 
[University] policy to approve 90 
day retroactive pay raises." 

Haubert argued in court that she 
never promised Imboden the pay 

rai~e . Imboden said he never 
claimed that Haubert had prom· 
iseel him It. He only claimed that 
she said she would request the 
raise. Based on hi. telephone con· 

ver~ation With Chase, Imboden be· 
lieves that Ilauberl never reque:lfed 
the 90 day retroactive pay raise. 
and thus cheated him out of a sub· 
stantial sum of money. 

Doft denied Imboden's claim for 
compensation in both instances on 
the testimony that it is University 
policy not to grant 90 day retroac· 
tive pay raises and thai he "should 
have checked [the dental insurance 
form] out more carefully" in regards 
to the coverage start date. (g 

Mondoy. November 2, 1987 :f 
NEWS 

Lobby 
Continued from pale 1 
100,000 students in San Diego, 
but many students don't vote. 
Danon mentioned an incident when 
"one student represented 30,000 
students ... the City Council stepped 
all over us." 

Despite the problems of the past 
collegiate councils , and the low 
student voter turnout , the council 
meeting was optimistic . They are in 
the process of obtaining a rent·free 
office in one of the city government 
buildings as well as a phone, logo 
and letterhead. Marchick will meet 
regularly with the mayor's office, 
which she says has been very 
supportive. 

Members of the S.D.C.C. are 
discovering in the frustrations of 
students of other colleges. SDSU's 
Danon was suprised at the high 
cost of a UCSD parking permit , 
which is about twice the cost of 
SDUS's. And , if UCSD students 
think they have parking problems. 
Alice Kulikowski . a Mesa Junior 
College student, said, "Our park. 
ing is insane ... students come look· 
ing for a parking spot and leave 
after looking lor 45 minutes." USD 
also needs residential zoning specif. 
ically for Greeks just outside cam· 
pus . Currently , 70 percent to 80 
percent of the students live on 
campus. 

The council is financed by a fee 
of a least $250 paid by each partic· 
ipating school. The members vol· 
unteer their time, but they need 
funds for phone bills. stationary 
and other office supplies. (g 

balboa travel 
incorporated 

CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER AND SO 
ARE WE ... COME IN AND PURCHASE A 

HOLIDAY GIFT 
~ CERTIRCATE {iQ 
-. .. I .... ~ 

THE MEMORY OF A TRIP 
lASTS FOREVER! 
OPEN SAT. 9-1 

ucso VA 
HOSPITAl 

lA JOlLA VILlAGE OR 

3211 Holiday Court. La Jolla CA 92037 !3 KllIOAV CT ~ 452·1981 :5 :5 
5 

_BAL80A 
TANiEl 

tDn LineS 
TANNING SALON 

SWIMWEAR • SPORTSWEAR. LOTIONS 
presents 

the newest 
Raisins ' 

collection! 
the latest 

swimwear styles 
& colors 

7748 Regents Rd. 
Vons Center 

458-0108 



4 Monday. November 2. 1987 

lfTT fHS lfTT fHS lfT! fRS lfTT fRS lfTT fHS l 
Tritons: good guys 
after all 

Editor: 
This IS in response to a leiter 

written and published in the October 
26 issue of the Guardian concern-
ing a UC Santa Cruz player 
knocked out in a soccer game the 
week before. The letter states that 
the UCSD plaver intentionallv 
.. sma~hed his elbow mto the face of 
UC Santa Cruz's center halfback." 

The author of the letter should 
get to know UCSD's soccer pro-
gram quite a bit better before hel she 
makes such an accusation. To start 
with, the players collided heads 
while both were challenging for a 
ball in the air, and head collisions 
are not uncommon in such situa· 
tions. Tom Lesniewsky, the UCSD 
player involved is one of UCSD's 
best on head balls not because he 
smashes opposing players , but 
because he jumps high and early, 
which might have caused him to 
come down on the UC Santa Cruz 
player. 

This is the first time in the five 
years we 've been involved in the 
soccer program that paramedics 
have been called to one of our 
games _ This is quite surprising con· 
sidering the intensity in which all 
games (not only UCSD's) are 
played . 

The inJuries which occur are not , 
a~ the letter put It, "outright vio· 
lence," but, instead, are due to the 
sincere 1 00 percent ellort that 
UCSD's socrer program condones 
and which is the goal of any athletic 
program. This eHort does not 
involve trying to " take the oppos· 
ing team's best man" but instead 
involved trying to win every head 
the ball, tackle, and loose ball 
throughout the game in a fair and 
competitive environment. When an 
injury due to a collision occurs, it is 
usually due to both players vying 
for a loose ball with such an eHort. 

The letter also states that both 
the player and the coaches were 
indifferent to the situation. Not only 
the UCSD player involved, but 
other players as well were !'old by 

the referee, police and coaches to 
let the athletic trainer and paramed. 
ics do their work Without interrup-
hon . It may have appeared to be 
indifference to the author of the let· 
ter, but that wasn't the case. 

As for the two UCSD coache. 
present , one immediately rushed 
on the field with the trainer to help 
the UC Santa Cruz player, and 
then later kept the UCSD players 
out of the way. The UC D player 
involved was trea ted equa lly with 
the rest of the team and was told 
not to go too near the scene. The 
other UCSD coach ran into the 
nearby Revelle apartments and 
notified the police and para medics. 

We wish the author would come 
to more of our games to see how 
soccer is played here . The judg-
ment hel she made is completely 
unjustified a nd wrong. The UCSD 
soccer program does not support 
and will not tolerate anything but 
good sportsmanship on the field . 
Gary Dodge and Greg Schwarz 

Allistant coaches 
UCSD men'a soccer team 

Freedom of speech 
at issue again 
Editor: 

I was very disturbed after read· 
ing the Oct. 12 Issue of the 
Guardian about the protest sur-
rounding Vladmir Pozner's speak. 
ing engagement at UCSD. While 
these students had every right to 
protest, my question is - why did 
they choose to do ~o? 

The Young Americans for Free· 
dom were among the groups pro· 
testing Pozner's speech. Doesn 't 
" freedom" In America include free-
dom of speech? If Americans are 
allowed to speak their minds, then 
this Soviet journalist visiting our 
country should also be able to 
speak his mind. 

Pozner presented himself calmly 
and intelligently to the students, yet 
the protestors chose to answer this 
display of intelligence with chants 
against the Soviet Union. Is this 
any way for so·called mature uni. 
versity students to respond to some. 
one else's views? 

Please lee LETTERS, page 5 

STATEWIDE CONFERENCE TO 
PREP ARE MINORITIES FOR 

CAREERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 

Saturday, November 14, 1987 
San Diego State V niversity 
Room 31 , Hepner Hall 
(The Little Theater) 
8:30 am - 3:30 pm 

Representatives from VCLA, VC 
Berkeley and San Diego State 
University Schools of Public Health 

Registration Information: 
(619) 265-61161(213) 825·7449 

H t. I WILL BALANCE 
THE BUDGET AND OlSARNt 
ALL U. S-:SOV' ET NU'LEAR. 

WEAPDN5. TRUST ME! 
ON MY SE(OND DAV •• 

" WHO IS THE IPE~LPIlESIPENTI~LC~NPIP~TE FOil THE G.O.P? GEOIlGE? BOB? NO .•. IT 'S 
JOE ISUZU!" 

~ ____________ ~~'fC.~,J~~uatdu_u~j~w~'L-__________________________ ~ 

NIKI NEWLANDS, Editor in Chief 

ANGGIE P. LAPID, Managing Editor 
PETER MESSROBIAN, News Editor 

KRISTEN MCCLEARY. Features Editor 
JONATHAN SCHRETER, Sports Edi tar 
EVA WONG, Arts Editor 
BRYAN BILYEU, Photo Edi tor 
SEAN DUFFY, Graphics Editor 
JOHN SHAW, Training Director 
KATHRYN S. ALLEN, Copy Editor 

SUSIE BEEL, Associate Arts Editor 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdVertising Manager 
THERESA JENNINGS, Office Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdVe rtising Designer 

The UCSD Guardian, 8.016, 
1 ... Jolla, CA 92093 

Editorial: (619) 534·6580 
8uaine .. : (619) 534-3466 

The Guardian i.located next to the Che Cale. 

Staff Writera: Ken Calhoun, Enc Chazankin. Jame. Gamore, 
Brian how, Rebecca Jaurigue, Jeffrey Kleen. Karen Kumm, 
Lee.a Lighl , Robert Leone, Phitip MacCovern, Lara Mihata , 
Jame. Pinpin. Leticia Villarreal 
Photo,raphers: Ari Bejar, Ka thleen Donahue, Eva Guo, 
Chris Graves, Nina Himelfarb , David Johnson, Slacy Long-
street , Dawn Mamikunian, Mario Munoz, Mike Oitzman , Ken 
Rein.tein, Tai Ri.ko, Ali Sadighian, Cathhn Severance. Michael 
Spauld ing, Florida Tiqui , Lesley Yalowilz 
lIIultrators: Rick Ford , O,mond Hotme.-Hansen, Brian H. u, 
Gerardo Slecca. Jell Quan 
Typeoettero: Ti.h Grammar, Anggie Lapid . Lara Mihala, 
lennifer Mojica, Cntherine Seldet 
P roduction Crew: Sarah Banet, Cynth .. Campbett , Sean 
Duffy . Suzy La~, Lee.a Lighl, Meredith Packer, Todd Rap-
parport, Sabrina Youman. 
Advertilin. Repreoentativea: Rebecca Jaungue, Tom Rhee, 
l ennifer T e,l. 

The UCSD Guardia n " pub!i»hed Monday. and Thuroday. 
during the academic year by and for the . Iudent. of UCSD. 
Reproduction or ulte 01 this new.paper without permiuion i. 
. 'rictty prohibiled C 1987 , all rights ,_rved. The GUDrdian i. 
not respon,ible for unsolicited manulCriplll or art. 

Views e' pre.oed in writing and in graphic. do not nece ... rily 
repre .. nt the opinion. 01 The Guardian. the Univerllily 01 Ca~· 
fornia nor the A .. ociated Student» 01 UCSD. The GU4rdian'. 
editorial. are determined by the Editor in Chief, Managing 
Editor, New. Editor and the Opinio,," Editor. 

EMPLOYMENT 
OPPORTUNlnES IN 

JAPAN 

BI-lingUlI? l .... rtIIId In IlIt'IIlng lIIout CIfItr 
opportunitln In .lapin? 
SIIulltoku Joho, IIIe employment joumII 01 
JIpIn, pnwldesinformllion on oPporbuities 
willi prntlglous ....... IIHI ta"'gn CIPItII 
companln o,.rIII .. In Japan. 
To receive dI. Illest news In career opportu· 
nltl.s in Japan, free of Cllarge, pt .... dial 
(800) 423-3387 In California; (800) 325-9759 
outside california. 
A service 01 Recruit U.S.A., Inc. 
"We Communicate Opportunity" 
Note: This publication is written in Japanese . 

, lfTTfRslfTTfHslfT 
Continued from page 4 

The right to freedom of speech 
which Pozner s ho uld have been 
granted when he came to America 
was violated . The reason the wri-
ters ~f The Bill of Rights chose to 
include this in the document was to 
allow people to hear everyone 's 
point of view. Then, we can make 
up our own minds instead 0/ blindly 
following what someone else has 
told us to believe. 

People make judgements on mis· 
guided information and stereotypes. 
Isn't accurate communication the 
best way to overcome this? 

Pozner gave the students this 

opportunity by giving a speech and 
allowing a question and a nswer 
period. This was a great opportun· 
ity to understand the Soviet view-
point and perhaps to use this infor-
mation to sett le some 01 our differ · 
ences. 

How did some of our students 
respond? - with closed minds and 
open mouths . 

Heather Howland 

Resident parking problems · 
Editor: 

I have had difficulties complying 
with the recent parking changes. I 
am a resident of the Revelle dorms 
and am thus required to purchase a 
.. diamond space" sticker. I think it 
is great during the day that we get 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 

reserved spaces . On a few occa-
sions when I have left campus early 
a nd returned before 5, I ha ve been 
able eas ily find a parking space 
upon my return. 

However, I don ' t always return 
early. My job requires me to work 
very late several nights a week. I 
return home anywhere from 2·4 
a m. At that time all of the c lose 
diamond spaces are full until you 
get to the end of the rows. This 
parking lot , #102 , is not excep· 
tionally well lit nor is the walkway 
that is closer to the dorm s (next to 
the trash bins). This light blinks off 
a nd on. 

I went to the police 'station on 
business and decided to plead my 
case with the parkin${ citation 

adjudicator , John Cresap. He sent 
me to the parking office. I explained 
my problem a t the front desk and 
they let me present my problem to 
Howard Finnecy the parking co· 
ordinator. 

Finnecy was very understanding 
but could only offer insignificant 
suggestions . One - I could park 
my car as close as possible and 
then get up before seven and move 
it. Two - ca ll a community service 
officer to meet me a t my car and 
escort me to my dorm . 

The first suggestion is a possibil. 
ity, but I really don ' t want to get up 
that early, get dressed , walk down 
lour lIights 01 stairs, move my car 
way out in the boonies, walk back 
to my room and go back to bed? 

Monday . NOllembe,~, ] 987 5 
OPINIONS 

Not something I'm willing to do 
very often . The second proposition 
is not feasible because CSO's are 
off.duty after 1 :30 am. 

Legally , I cannot purchase a 
commuter sticker which would 
enable me to park closer. So, I'm 
stuck in lot # I 02 unless some 
exception is made for me. 

I'm sure that there a re other stu· 
dents at Muir and Third in this 
si tuation who find themselves quite 
a distance from their dorms after 
coming home very late. 

As I said at the beginning of my 
leiter I feel that the idea of resident! 
commuter parking is a good one, 
but perhaps its location is not ideal 
and needs some more planning. 

Leesa Light 

• CosmetIc Bonding • Visa or Mastercard 
• Evening Appu. • Instant Insurance 
• Stereo Headphones Evaluallon 
• N,trous Oxide • Srudent Discounts 

• 24 Hour Emergency ServIce 
• Oral Surgery lor wisdom t..eft elrtractlon 

Hoare 

Regents Park Center 
(Next to Anthony's) •• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Mon.·Sat. 7 am·9 pm FREE- I Hr. V ......... hr"," 
Sun. 8 am·6 pm (in garage under building) 452-922 
•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• FREE : FREE ; FREE • 
• 16-0z. Soft Dri.k • Ice Cr __ S.adwid •• Side Order Cole Slaw. 
• with purchase 01 any Hot wilh purchase of any Hot or Potato Salad • 
• 

Dog, Deti Sandwich • Dog, Deli Sandwich • ' th p rchase of any Hot 
Or Main Salad Dish Or Main Salad Dish WI Do~, Deli Sandwich • 

• I coupon per customer. Cannot. t coupon per cu,'omer. Canl'lol • Or Main Salad Dish • 
be used WIth any other coupon. • be used with any olher coupon • C 

• G .... allY t ... 111_.-5... G ..... fter :t PM Moa.-Fri. I coupon per customer. annot . 
E • 11/ 21<.1"'7 • AD 0.. Sat ."'_ • be used WIth any other coupon. 

• xplre. ~.. Y : -a. Goo4 aay "_ M_.- Sa. • 
• Expire. II/ Z6/87 • Expire. I1/ Z6/ 87 . 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

November 6, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $12.00, Students $8.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $10.00 

TICK'" .-?W~ & UCSD Box Office: 534~4559 
Presented by UCSD University Events & Student Activities 

Inc~: Cleaning & Polishing. X-Rays. Orat Cancer Exam and Private Consuftalion. e..p;r.s "/26/87 
Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

· . 

· . 

. 

· 
. 

· 
· . 

· . 

Thomas K. Duncan D.D.S. Bradley A Ross, DD.S 
Member: ADA. CDA. SDCDS. Delta Dental 

8861 Villa Ut Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
(behind Kinko's) 455-9151 

~ 
.' ~ 

BreakAway 
to Acapulco! 

Join us Wednesdays in the 
Cantina for "UCSD Ni\lhe 

99(: Mar\laritas 
$1.50 Iced Teas 
Limbo Contest 

$100 cash and prizes 
*Ceronas Sl.oo Sat. 8-10 p,m:" 

." • 

No Cover Charge Any Night 
----------, 2-forl q; 

Just present this coupon when you order one combination 
(#1-72) and recei~ another of equal or lesser value free. 

Ofrer ~ood at the Mira Mesa location only. 

Mira Mesa 
8998 Miramar Rd_ 

578-6390 

Mexican Restaurant & Cantina 

L 01 .,alld wil lt an, OfMr coupon or dl.Kounl . NOI aqUable lot' •• ate-OUt orders or bIInQUfts. Coupon UpiN'5 11/19117. 
----------

• •• • • • • <III 
. .. ... . . .. 

I 
I 

· . . 

, 

· 

· . 
• 
· . 
· . ' 
, .. 

· .. 

· . 
· . 

· · . 
. 

· . 
" 
· . 

· · .. CI'l: 

· -
· 



6 Monday. November 2. 1987 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MonUy-I'rtd." 
1:00 .111-4:00 pm - SIGI PlUS System of Interactive 

GUidanc~ and Information IS a computer-basM program 
of car..,r Inforrrnuon dl"Signed to help you clanfy your 
SkIlls, values and occupatlOn.1llntet'e5ts For more informa-
tion. come to Car..,r ServICl"S Center AdmlS"on. 110 
MonUy-I'rlcby 
11:00 ...... 2:00 pm - EDUCATIONAL FAIR-PRO-
FESSIONAL & GRADUATE SCHOOL INFORMATION 
DAY Meet admiSSIons offl(~rs trom profeSSional and 
graduate schools around the country 
1 :10-4:00 pm -DROP -IN ADVISING HOURS For help 
finding deSirable part- time employment, determining 
car..,r goals searching for JObS or explonng profl"Sslonal 
or graduale school opportUnities No appolnmenl neces· 
sary. JUS! walk-In At Car..,r ServICes Cenler 
2I0Il ..... -INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP. Doyou 
need help In preparing for JOb InteMews7 Career Servoces 
Center Will pro\/lde tipS on the best w¥ to present your 
qualifications and what kind of Interview quest IOns to 
expect. At Career SelVlces Center. 
Z1M ..... - THE REALITIES OF AN INTERNATIONAL 
CAJ!£ER: WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS7 A roundtable dis-
cussion with representatIVes from four proml""nt schools 
of international affaors will address the career opportuni-
ties in the pubhc and private international sectors. At 
Career Services Center. 

~ 
1010II _ -oN CAMERA PRACTICING INTERVIEW· 
ING SKILLS. Sharpen your int~ewing skills fly seeing and 
hearing you rself on VlCIeoptape. ReceIVe feedback from 
other job seekers In lhis group workshop, Show up at 
Career Servoces Center 
11I0Il_ - ON CAMERA: PRACTICING INTERVIEW-
ING SKILLS. Sharpen your Interviewong skills fly seeong and 
hearing yourself on IIideotape ReceIVe feedback from 
othef JOb seekers in this group workshop. Prerequisite: 
InteMeWIng Skills workshop. At Career Services Center. 
1 I0Il pm - THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. 
learn how to construct a state-of- the-art resume that WIll 
make you stand out from the crowd A[ Career Servoces 
Cent.er 
2:10 pm - THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. 
Learn how to construct a stat~f-the-art resume that Will 
make you stand from lhe crowd At Career ServICes Cen-
ter 
~cby 
11:00 .... - ON-cAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENTA· 
TION If you are Interested on partiCipating In the Career 
Services eMter's on-campus Interviewing program thiS 
quarter. It IS mandatory [hat you attend one of these 
onentauons before you Interview At Career SetvICf'S Ceo--
ter 
1:00 ..... - FINDING THE HIDDEN JOB MARKET 80% 
of all JOb vacanclt'S are unaC/VertlSed ThIs workshop Will 
teach you the most effectIVe way to find them At Career 
Servoces Center 
2:00 pm - MTV - MUSIV. TELEVISON AND VIDEO 
MEDIA PRODUCTION CAREERS Take a behind-the-
scenes kx>k Into the glamour JndusUle5. learn about tfih-
nICai careers In the audfO-vlsual medfa, ranging from r(ldlo 
and T V program dlrecto" [0 \/Ideo produce" At Career 
SeMCes Center 

~:OO pm - PRE-MEDICAL INFORMATION SESSION. 
Consldenng an advanced degree7 Learn how to prepare 
for admiSSIon. Including the apphcatlOn process. At Career 
Servoces Center 
'""'nAy 
1:00 pm -INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP Do you 
need help In prepanng for job Inreruews7 Car..,r ServiCes 
Center Will prOVIde liP> on [he best w¥ to present your 
qualificatIOns and what kind of InleMew questoons [0 
expect. A[ Career ServICes Center 
2:00 p ... - PRE·LAW INFORMATION SESSION. Con-
Sldenng an adVanced degree7 ~arn how to prepare for 
admiSSIOn, IncluClong the application process. At Career 
ServIces Center 

~:OO pm • ON BECOMING A TEACHER: ADMISSION 
TO EDUCATION PROGRAMS AND THE CREDENTIAL 
PROCESS Learn how to prepare to become a teacher from 
representatIVes ofvaroous K-12 programs. At Car..,r Servo-
ces Center. 
4rOO-5:OO pili - AMES SruDENTS ~ questions 
about what classes to schedule winter quarter7 Amencan 
Society of Mec/laillcal Engineers gene< al meeting/Pre-
Ames info sesSion We will have dept. Iller alUre and be on 
nand [0 answer your questoons For more Inforrrntion, call 
Jeff. 270-7695. At HL 1205 
FrIdaJ 
10 .. _2:.0 ..... - TECHNICAL JOB FAIR. Start your 

.JOD search now fly meeting witn employers Info<maily to 
discuss opportunotles In IndUstoy and government. Bring 
)lOUr resume. At RecreatIOn Gym. 
1 :10-4:00 pm - DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS' For help 
With Cilfeer goals, JOb hunting. resume preparation, etc 
No appointment necessary, JUst walk-In At Career SeM-
ces Center 
1:00 pm - THE MARKEKTABLE RESUME WORKSHOP 
learn how to construct a state-of-the-art resume that Will 
make you stand our from the crowd. A[ Career Servoces 
Center SMu,...,. 
9:00 .... - IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER An all-day 
workshop to indemlry Viable career optIOns through 
extemlllt self-assessment Sign up by Thursday. Oct 20 
umoted space available A[ Ca' · ·r SelVlCes Center 

The Weekly 
Calenda~ 

phvtv§ b" Cathlln §eve.-ant:e 
SEIIVlCES AND WORKSHOPS 
-...." 

2rOO-J:OO .... • What7 You haven't used that hOUr saved 
fly turning back the clocks )'I!t1 Well here's your cnance. 
Come to the Borth Control Info Session. It only takes an 
hour. and after all, you nav~ on<' extra. roght7 At 2nd floor 
Student Health CMter. Red Room. 

~=-.IO ..... - GROUP FOR UNMOTiVATED STU-
DENTS. ThIS group is for students who find it difllcult to 
study or get started on the writing of papers and who feel 
that school IS not the place for them at thiS time. Led fly 
Hugh Pated. Call Hugh at 534-3456 for more information. 
Call 534-3755 for signing up. At Revelle Cofleg<! PrO\lOst'$ 
Office. 
1:00- .:10 pili - GRADUATE WOM EN fN HUMANI-
TIES. ThiS is a weekly support group for graduate women 
students in the Hurrnnities concerned With personal. pro-
fessional. and academIC issues Led fly Chooch Busse. Call 
Chooch at 534-3585 for information and Sign-up. In HSS 
2126. T.......,. 
12:011-1.00 pm - Today'S horosco~ for every UCSD 
student. be lOVing, be gIVing, Take time to radoa[e your 
personahty. Fnends are Important, and to avoid bad luck, 
go to the Birth Control Sesslonllit's in [he stars. Location. 
2nd floor, Studenl Health. 
2:011-1.10 pm - LET GO OF STRESS AND RELAX. For 
all UCSD students. this group IS designed to [each 
methods of reldXlng and ~aling With stress winoch can be 
used for a li fetime. Students may attend all sesSions, or 
drop In [ 0 any one of them as convenient Led by Sara 
Arroyo. In HUL 1003. 
2:10-4:00 pm - GENERAL THERAPY GROUP FOR 
OLDER 12D-301 UNDERGRADUA TE WOM EN The group 
is deSlgned for the Specific populatIOn o f agt' 20 [0 30 )'I!ar 
old undergraduate women and Will focus on personal and 
Imerpersonal concerns of group members led fly DebbIe 
Allen Call Debbie at 534- 3585 for InformatIOn and Sign 
up In HSS 2126 
_ .... cby 

1:011-9:40 am - RE D I Recovering from eallng Dos-
orClersl Group /I Students who have overCOme binge/-
purge or anorexia patterns are Invrted to join thIS group. 
We Will use Imagery, relaxation. dream WOfk and unstruc-
tured group time to gain a grealer unClerstanding of who 
we are The goal of thiS group Will be to open ours"""'s up 
to who we are. our values, our dlrectoon In IIfe-OOth In the 
present and. fly learning the process. In the Mure Led by 
Beverly HarjU and enanJohnson A t Warren Campus 302 
12:011-1:00 ptW - Well It'S Wednesday. the I..,t day thIS 
wee. to get sex educatIOn at the Health SerVIce It's great. 
It's full of birth COntrOl Ups It gIVes you a lot of goeat Info 
that you really can uselJoin us today at [he birth control 
Info sessIOn In the 2nd floor. Stu~n[ Health Red Room 
Thuncby 
2:10-1.10 pm - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE EAT-
ING Students who regularly brnge and diet are Inlilted [0 
JOlon [his group We Will focus on p..,t and current ISsues 
which underhe these patterns. working on relaxat lOf1 and 
Imagery for changes In se/f-\/Iews. led fly usa Edwards and 
Laura Ballinger Call Beverly Ha'.lu. 534-3987 /or Informa-
toon and SIgn-up At HUL 100], 

J.... _:00 .... - SUPI'OI!T GROUP FOR BLACK 
WOMEN. A _Iy support group for Black women 
Igraduate or undergraduatel focusing on personal, Inter-
personal and academc issues. led fly Rachell" Bastien 
Call Rochel'" at 534-3035 for Information and sigr>-up. In 
tile Third Col~ Dean's 0IIice. 
- Woman it is a full moon tonight Don't count on lelling 
the moon and the stars pr<!dict)lOUr health and well being. 
Come to the Well Woman SI!ssion to get the facts not the 
astrology. 2nd fJoor Student Health C""ter Red Room. 1'...,. 
...., hOO _ - GAY AND BISEXUAL MEN'S SUP-
PORT GROlM'.An on-going confidential support group 
for OOth undergraduate and graduate men who are either 
questIOning their sexuality 0< who already identify as gay 
or bisexual. Meets weekly. Ti_ may change if enough 
people are interested in time change. In HUL 1003. 
ZrOO- 4rOO .... - ALCOHOl AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
fly Dan M unoz. Call Dan at 534-15 7'1 for mor" InformatIOn 
and sigll-up. In the Revelle C04/eg<! PrOllOSt's Office. 
4rOO-l.1O pill - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. A weeklY, 
Info rmal discussion group on the issues. concerns. and the 
quality of life of the Black Community at UCSD This Is an 
oo-golng group and students can join any time Student> 
can call 534-3035. If they have questions. otherwose they 
can Just come to the group In the Mountain View Lounge 

RECREAnON ,...,. 
I:OO-I.JO pm - SOFTBALL GAMEIII The American 
Socoety o f Mecna,.ucal Engineers Will be playing a co-eo 
softball game With the SDSU A.s.M.E. Chapter. Beverages 
Will be prOVIded For more informatIOn call. 9-44-9158 

!'ILM 
"dI ... ~ 
7:00 pIII-OSILA PRESENTS: "Thanf< God and the Re,, ) 
IUllon" and " Mecate A New song" as part of the ~-, .. 
American senes AT TU1 107 ThIrd College. 

ORCiANIZAnONAI. MDlING 
~ 
101C10-IIaOO _ - Human Powered VehICle IHPI/I. 
OrganizatIOnal meeting Comest Sponsored fly ASME At 
HL llbO. 
S:OO pili - The Organilatoon of Students Interes[ed in 
latin Amenca 10SILA) holds Its weekly meeting WIth a 
drscussoon on Paraguay and the role of the Jesuits. At 
Instltule of the Ameflcan BUilding 
Tuesday 
1:00 pm - The LesDfan and Gay OrganllatlQ(l w,1I be 
mee[lng ,n the Multi -purpose room to vote on elections 
and to go rNer the new constltutoon. There Will be a SOCIal 
following the meeting All a,e welcome 
Wedneld.." 
7:00 pm - Come to thp UnIOn of JeWISh Student> 
meeting and learn abOut all the great saclal happenings In 
Novemberl Bnng yourself. your ,ded' and your froends At 
HSS 2333 
Thunday 
1:00 ptW - SURF CLUB meets Come find out abOut 
T-shirts and upcoming eventS Rememl:ler to bnng your 
address /or our fundraoser. locatIOn. Rm PH 10] 

RELIGIOUS I'UNCTIONS 
Tu .. cl.wy-S .... 'cby 
5 :00 pm - Ld[nolll Mass Sponsored Oy the Ca[hol lC 
Community Location. UnIVerSity Lutheran Church Corner 
of N To,rey Pines and La JOlla Shores Dr. 
M_dIIy 
S:OO pm - Catholic Mass for ALL Souls A Memoroal 
M ass Will be celebrated In [he Chaple a[ 5 00 pm for 'those 
deceased. At University Lu[heran Church Catholtc Lounge 
Corner of N To rrey Plnes and La Jolla Shores Drive 
7:00 pm - Dramal Romancel Suspense & Mysteryl A ll 
thIS piuS much more can be found on the Bible Come 
dIScover the endurong legacy of Scripture at the Catholic 
Bible Study In the CatholIC Lounge at the UniverSity luthe-
r an Church on the corner of La JOlla Shores Drove and N 
Torrey Pines, 
7.00 pm - Asian American Chrostian Fellowship M..,t-
In9 tonight at the Revelle Formal Lounge. The tOPIC Will be 
on "PhIeO Love". So come join usl 
7.JO ..... - " The Birth of the M esoah," a diSCUSSIon goven 
fly Fr. Phil Cunningham in preparation for the Burke lec-
ture thi' month. Discussion will continue on Nov 16. A[ 
Paullst Residence 3115 Bremerton Place La Jolla. CA 
92037. 
~ 
_:00 .... - Catholk Mass. Sponsored fly the Catholic 
Community at UCSD, At lkl~lty Lutheran ChUrch 
Corner 01 N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shor<!S Dr~. 
, ..... - /!ed. While. Purple and Green - What do 
these cokm r"aIIy mean 7 Conr to the Tuesday Night 
Oiscuuion at the lk1iversity Lutheran Church in the 
Catholic Lounge and lind out We will e<amine the Church 
seasons and their slgniflcance for us as CIYisti.Y1s. Sp0n-
sored fly CatholiC Student Coordinators. 
, ........ pM - Looking for a f_ good Christians to 
study God's Word. Join with us for a on<' hour traditional 
Bible Study on topics you decide. UCM Is the campus 
mfnistry for Presbyterian, Mfthodist. Uc.c.. Dlscipfes stu· 
dents. At S. Conf. Rm. Student C","er Bldg. 'B'. 
• ........ - NOT FOR CHRISTIANS ONLY! Straight talk· 
ing non-dI!nominational Bible discussions r<!Want to stu-
dl!nts' lives. Call Dave at 45H'236. In Argo /I lounge. 
......... - NOT FOR CHRISTIANS ONLY! Straight-
talking non· denominatlonal Bible discussions on subjects 
relevanlto students' lives. Call Steve at 535-0074 . In Urey 
Hall 4th floor. 
.... ......., 
6.00 ..... - Student Supper served fly the Lutheran 
Community at UCSD, Donation of 11.50 or 12. EveJ}Ofl" is 
welcomed. Location, UnIVerSity Lu[heran Church. 
':00 pm - "The Psalms" Will be presented fly Pastor 
Huber of Lu[heran Campus Ministry at UCSO. Open to all 
At UnIVersoty Lutheran church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
across from Revelle Co llege 
.rOO pm - " How can Christ be the Answer to Our 
Ultlrrnte Neecl T' IS Pastor John Huber's topIC. Thos pro-
gram IS open [0 ev"ryone. At University Lutheran Cnurch, 
9595 La Jolla Shores DrIVe, across from Revelle COIIeg<!. 
WHneICI.wr 
9tJO p .. - Candlelight Mass. Sponsored fly [he Catholtc 
Stu~nt Coordinators a[ UCSD A quiet. med,tatNe time 
for sharing with others At lkliverslty Lutheran Church 
corner of N . Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Dn"". 

""" ...... 
S.4S .... - The Thursday Din""r. ALL YOU CAN EATI 
Homemade food and great company. Sponsored fly the 
Catholic Student Coordinarors. Location. lkliverslty Lull>-
eran Church. Catholic lOUnge. Corner of N . Torrey Pines 
and La Joila Shores Dr. 
, .......... - Inner Varsity Christian Fellowship: 
Come to our large group meeting for a time of Fun and 
FO!llowshipl Everyone _kame. At TLH 104 
, ..... - Bible StUdy. EpiScopal col/eg<! studerlts. SI. 
EIIZabeth's Church. 2825 M<!fton A\II!flue. For ~ 
information call For BIN Mahedy at 565-6661. 
, ...... - NOT FOR CHRISTIANS ONLY! Stralght talk· 
Ing non-d<!nominationalBibie <lscussion sulljects relevant 
to studl!nts lives. Call Tony at 458-1687. Location. 9138 
Apt. I RegMIS Roact 
- NOT FOR CHRISTIANS ONLY! Straight-talking n0n-
denominational Bible rucussions on sulljects relevant to 
students lives. Call laura at 455-1687. At 2405 Warr,," 
Apts. 
prtca." 
'100 .... - Chi Alpha Chrlatlan FellOship meetS at South 
COIlferl!l1Ce Room IStudent Center 'B'I 

~ 
.... _ - Catholic Mass. Sponsored fly the Catholic 
Community at UCSD. At lkllversity Luthefan Church 
COfflI!I' of N. Torr,,), Pines and La .Jolla Shores Dr~. 
9tOO _ - Col~ age dass for stUdy and ""lOwship 
held wel!kly within easy access to campus. Sponsored fly 
United campus Ministry - UCSD. at Torrey Pines Christian 
Church. B320 La .Jolla Scenic Dr~, North. Information 
453-3550. 
10100_ - Service of Holy Communion led fly Lutheran 
Campus Pastor John Huber. all are wekome. At University 
Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shorl"S Drive, across from 

R~1e C"'/eg<!. 
1 1:11_ - "The Wisdom Uterature of the Bible" IS the 
Bible study topiC to wihlch all are invrted. Sponsored fly the 
Lutheran Campus Minislly at UCSD. At Umverlsty Luthe-
ran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive across from Revel'" 
College. 
srOO pM - Catholic Mass. Sponsored fly the CatholIC 
Community at UCSD. At lklll!ersity Lutheran Church 
Corner of N. Torr,,), Pi"", and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Mondol/. NotJember 2, 1987 7 

,NEWS 

Anti-rape party. This event triggered fear on campus that not only motivated groups to take action, but also 
increased the reporting of date rapes 
on campus, date rapes that were 
happening most frequently at par· 
ties where the people were drink· 
ing. This became a cause for con· 
cern among the fraternities and 
sororities at one of the nation's top 
party schools. 

T rash burning plants: Prop H 
Continued from page 1 
Council, such behavior is not con· 
doned by the council and reflects 
only those individual's opinions, 
but. he added, the women "choos-
ing to march in front of the frat 
houses could be construed as mak-
ing a statement stereotyping fra · 
ternities as being primarily re»pon· 
sible for rapes on campus; this is 
unfair." This sensitivity among fra · 
ternity members could be a result of 
the attention the Greek system 
received after the Pike rape inci· 
dent in November of 1985. 

According to JoAnne Gray, a 
SDSU police detective, the "Take 
Back the Night" march was started 
after the Pike rape increased uni· 
versity awareness of the problem of 
rape on campus. The Pike rape 
involved the rape of a 59rority 
woman by three fraternity men at a 

One of the goals of the organiz-
ers of the "Take Back the Night" 
march was to make people aware 
of the factors that contribute to the 
occurrence of rape . Jane Morgan, 
coordinator of the Rape T ask Force 
and co·coordinator of the Women's 
Resource Center, was pleased with 
fr aternity support for the event but 
admitted to being disappointed by 
the lack of support from the sorori· 
ties. She felt their lack of interest 
had to do with fear and an attitude 
that rape happens to other peo· 
pie ... not me. fi:3 

r--------------------------i ! 21f2C COPIES! 
I I 
I ON XEROX 9500 • WITH UCSD ID I 

• Business Cards • 

I 
I 

Full Bindery • Printing: 
• Typesetting • Color Copies • Free: 
Collating • UCSD Purchase Orders Welcome! I 

I 
r 
I 
I 
I 
I 

COPY 
COVE OF LA JOLLA 

701 Pearl St. 

456·2444 L __________________________ ~ 

Continued from page 1 
when San Diego for Clean Air 
came up with this initiative. The 
answers about whether or not thi s 
plant is going to be safe and meet 
all the requirements was not even 
completed. [This initiative] is ask· 
ing the voters to vote on something 
before the answers about waste 
energy are available." 

" It's more a landfill initiative. It's 
going to require San Diego to find 
more canyons and open space for 
landfills than would be necessary if 
we had the option of waste energy 
available to us," Rhinerson con 
tinued . 

San Diego has only the Miramar 
landfill left , which is expected to be 
full somewhere between 1993 and 
1995. Currently, there haven't been 
any areas designated as future 
landfills. 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need not be ('II(pensive 
Sp~dal ColI~g~ 

Sluml Prolram 
Call for your FREE 

quote today! 

560-9055 
Oak Leaf 
Insurance 

Agency 
.~.o 

•• arn l \ ill. lo.d 
11iO 

" It is no easier to get a commun· 
ity to accept a landfill than it is to 
[get them to accept] waste·energy 
plants," Rhinerson said. With the 
city having to assign new areas as 
landfills. and the extra costs of 
trash collection and hauling, he 
feels it is the taxpayers who will 
finally lose out. 

SDCA claims that waste·energy 
plants are not as cost effective as 
proponents claim they are. Accord· 
ing to SDCA, the plants do not put 
landfills to an end, do not reduce 
the volume of garbage to the extent 
claimed, do create hidden costs like 
Tipping Fees (cost per ton charged 
to the haulers who deliver to the 
facility ), are expensive to maintain, 
and are not compatible with reo 
cycling. 

As an alternative to waste·energy 

Computen 
for rent 

IBM Compatibles 

call 
273·1004 

STUDENT REGENT '88 
APPLY NOW 

APPLICATIONS AT: 
EDNA OGSR 

ASUCSD OFFICE GSA OFFICE 

plants, SDCA suggests a sohd 
waste management policy created 
by the Sierra Club, The policy con· 
sists of waste , reduction , recycling, 
materials recovery from the waste 
stream, and upgraded land/illing. 

Rhinerson believes that recycling 
cannot be the solution to the trash 
problem. San Diego right now has 
a 5 percent recovery rate. Accord· 
ing to him the most efficient recy· 
cling system can at the most have a 
25 percent recovery rate. 

RhinerlOn admitted that a waste-
energy plant will not completely 
solve the trash pi'oblem as well, but 
it will buy the city some time to 
search for other alternatives. He 
feels that Prop. H simply ties the 
city of San Diego's hands in trying 
to solve its growing trash 
cn5lS. nlJ 

OBSESSED 
WITH FOOD? 

Programs now 
available for. 

• Bulimia 
• Weight control 
• Compulsive eating 

La Jolla Center for 
Mood. Appetite 

Disorders 
546-4415 

COLLEGE DEAN'S OFFICE CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE 

SCHOOL OF MEDICINE STUDENT AFFAIRS OFFICE 

APPLICATIONS DUE BY: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6,1987 

CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE NO LATER THAN 5:00 P.M. 



8 Monday . November 2. 1987 

Library adds new meaning 
to 'musical chairs' 
By NIGEL LINDEMANN 
Staff Writer 

Ever wonder what Simon and 
Simon are doing hanging-around 
Central? Well , perhaps they' re 
contemplating the effects the con· 
struction 01 a huge, earthen "berm" 
will have on library architect Perei· 
ra's "free-floating cube in space." 
My guess, however, between us , is 
that the two detectives are hot on 
the trail of UCSD's Music Collec-
tion Department - the fabled realm 
of audio·philes and that shy, timid 
creature: the UCSD music student. 

Sandwiched between the dirty 
books on the sixth floor and those 
painfully pedantic journals on the 
first , the 10urth-f100r Music LIbrary 
provides a nice alternative to the 
eye-strain which so often accom· 
panies the lives of mentally.mobile 
students. For the price of a UCSD 
student ID (they 'll give it back ), 

students can gain access to more 
that 23,000 sound recordings, wear 
neat headphones, and while-away 
the hours at one 01 40 listening 
stations, lost in a selection which 
runs from rock to Bach - and 
beyond. 

That's "beyond" with a capital 
"B." Dr. Garrett Bowles (pro. 
nounced like the sport), UCSD's 
towering, soft-spoken Music Librar-
ian of eight years, noted that the 
primary function of the music library 
is to "support the needs of the 
UCSD Music Department." He 
characterized the department as 
"very progressive, very avant-
garde," and added that the ~brary's 
collection reflects this philosophy 
by emphasizing what he termed 
"art music" from the year 1945 to 
the present. 

" Art music," according to Dr. 
Bowles, is computer or chance· 
generated musi c (i .e., random 

•.... .............. -~ .~~ 25% oR • ~# • 
any small, medium or large yogurt. • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Void with any other 
off8( Toppings not included 
One COUpon to a customer. 

· ~,.-, ~~~ 
Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. '0 

· ~ . 

U I ( 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 11 -11 Fri. & Sat. P"u' 

• 12-10:30 Sunday '",,0· • ~ ................... ~ 

rs25 ;;Kl=D .7c;'PE=AG7r7'T~O~N;;N $25 I 
I ~ X-MAS ~ I 
:! NOW! ;: 

I ~. ~z l Space is rapidly selling.out for low Christmas overseas 
1 

~ airfares . BOOK NOW, pay by Nav. 15 and we 'll give ); 1 
.. you S25 off your fare with this coupon . Caliladay for 
(j reservations! Not valid with other promotions . ~ 

I ~ ~STUDENT 91 S25 (619) 286-1322 L::JL~.J-' ~~~6RK $25 L __________ ~ 

numbers , rolls of the dice). Believe 
it or not, Mozart - on occasion 
-composed this way; Haydn did 
it; even Dr. Bowles admits to hav-
ing done it (with the help of a laney 
machine) . 

But despite the library's ex ten-
sive holdings of this type, the music 
of c hoice for UCSD students seems 
to be good, old-fashioned rock-
and-roll . Bolwes estimates that half 
of the students who use the facilities 
are "recreational" li steners; and 
that within this group, the majority 
check·out rock and popula r re-
cordings. 

Had it not been for the recent gift 
of approximately 2,000 60's and 
70's rock LPs, the library's collec· 
tion of this genre would be very 
small . Still , however, Bowles con· 
cedes that the library's rock archives 
- while adequa te - are by no 
means complete, a nd noted that 

Please see MUSIC, page 9 

Laser Printer-
P.c. Copier Owners 

• II.P. La"rJel . Apple LaserWrilcr. 
Corona LP300 ele 

Don't discard 
yo ur used cartridges. 
Get them recharged. 

Cupiers Prinr ers 
BLACK S30. .. ......... $40 
COLORS 50 .............. 65 
Free Pick-up/Delivery 

Toner Distributors 
744-4660 

DIP 
WORD 

PROCESSING 
• Resumes • Term Papers 

• Theses • Manuscripts 

• Manuals • Etc .. etc. 

• 

Patricia Allem 
549·7748 

"I think the most interesting thing 
about living today is that we have the 
opportunity to listen to a wide variety 
of music. Sound recordings have 
only been around 100 years. That's 
what has provided us with this op-
portunity. " 

-Dr. Garrett Bowles 

WILDERNESS FIELD STUDIES! 
EARN COLLEGE CREDIT 
WHILE BACKPACKING 

Study Natural History, Field Ecology, 
Wilderness History, Writing and other topics. 

Courses for 1988 in the Sierra Nevada , Utah, 
Was hington, Hawaii, and Central America. 

Winter/Spring/ Summer 
!Fall quarters. 

For in/ormation call or write: 
Sierra Institute, Box C 
University Extension 
University of California 
Santa Cruz, CA 95064 
(408) 429·2761 

Monday , No vember 2. 1987 9 

FEATURES 

Music library: Studying to the beat what has provided us with this opportunity . .. we can listen to folk 
music from Africa or Latin Amer-
ica, a wide variety of popular music 
- each country has sort of its own 
sound to it. .. and I think that this 
enriches our lives." 

Continued from page 8 
there is virtually no money left to 
purchase new music which often 
fall s into the category of "recrea· 
tional " (hence unjustified) ex· 
penditures. 

Okay. You've found the library , 
but can 't find what you're looking 

lor . An initial perusal of the card 
ca talogue has left you feeling 
empty. What should you do? 

Basica lly , you have three 
options: (1) you can see if MUS-
COC (MELVYL's little brother -
a special computer system which 
houses about three-fourths of the 

ADORABLE AN IMAL 
RUBBER STAMPS 

36 pit. ctttiot with owr 600 d .. ips! 

839 D 
4...1.1:;;: 

Music Library's holdings) has the 
object of your quest; (2) you can 
bring in your own record or cassette 
next time, or (3) you can opt to 
broaden your musical horizons. 

Dr. Bowles observed that option 
no. 3 is increasingly the choice as 

Macintosh Software 

Widest Selection ~l 
Latest Products ~. _ 
Low Prices 

Store Hours: M-F 10·7, Sat 10-5 
Word Processing Software 

Laserwriter Service 
Memory Upgrades 
SCSI Hard Drives 

" .50 .ech plu • . 50 o.nt. po.te •• p.r .ttn'lp. 
Accessories 

Supplies 
s.nd $1.00 tor ctttiot (r.tuMtbl. with ord.r) 11';'; 7596 Fay Avenue 

... "':... La Jolla, CA 92037 IIIII 619459-2302 
CRITTER CARE CENTER 

P.O. BOX 77 DEPT. G 
SOLANA BEACH CA 9207 ~YSOFTWA •• 

Regut.rty SI" 

NOW 
'149 

building the 
body you've atw"YI 
wanted. 
Our IJdwInced 
equipment, expert 
InstruClOn, great 
location, special 
student rate and 
convenient payment 
plan can get you 
started today. 

COLDS 
CYM. 

4615 lIiIission Bay Dr . 
SanOiego 

lbehind Bur~ King) 
Z72-J400 
I'IIIC~ or Gold's Gym 

Ent .... pr~ 
UCID •• D ...... .... 

a..r ...... 11/11/17 

~aCcod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

ClAII1EMONT SQUARE 
(NI:XI TO VONS) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
( NI:XI 10 PIZZA HU T) $66-6100 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTII£ 

(ACROSS FROM M¥/N TIitATRI: ) 
~1M20 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
Am. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILAll.E 

_~k Great Day After Day . 
Health Clubs are for bodies 

Department Stores are for labels 
Young Attitudes is for looks! 

AT YOUNG AnlTUpES 
We care about the way you 

look. Our professional mak~up 
artist, will give you the personal 

attention, instruction & analysis you 
need to look great, day after day. Best 

of all your consultation is FREE 
when you purchase any of our 

cosmetics or have your hair 
professionally cut or styled. 

"lAi~ 
G~?FliCS 

students' tastes in music become 
more eclectic . Citing technology as 
a cause, he said, "I think the most 
interesting thing about living today 
is that we have the opportunity to 
listen to a wide variety of music. 
Sound recordings have only been 
around for 100 years - and that's 

The Music Library is open the 
same hours as the main (Central) 
library: Dr. Bowles welcomes vi-
sitors. ~ 

Saint Louis University's 
Academic Year in Madrid 

COMPLETE CURRICULUM , English, S panish , 
Liberal Arts . Busi..., .. , & Administration, TESOL. 

Raymond L. Su"iyan~ SJ. 
Saint Loui. Univel'll ity in Madrid 
C.lle de I. Vin •. 3 
Madrid 28003 SPAlN 
Tel : 233-2032/233-2812 

Science •• Hi.panic Studies 

SLU in M.drid i •• member of AAJEOE 

Graduate Course. offered during 
Summer Session in July 

AppI, ~ror Spring aDd Summer 1988 

Mo"" than 600 .ludenr.. in the Program 

Conlad: Saint Lou is University 
SI udy Abroad CoordlB8tor 

Admlssloru omee 
221 Nortb Graod Blvd 
St. Louis. MO 63103 

ToU-rrte t~l : 1-800.325 

A Choice, 
A Responsibility 

• Free pre~naney testing 
• Earl) prt'~nancy leslin~ 
• Prt'~ lIalll'y lerminalion 
• (;I'nf'ral ilr local aneslhe,ia 
• 'lolaJ family plannin~ 

~enicr::'l 
• Dial(no:;is & trealment 

of -exually transmille.1 
,Ii""'a~'" ( 'TD's) 
r.r.m Family Planning 
..... Associates 

Medical Group 

San ~iego 
6495 Alvarado Rtf. 
(619) 287·8226 

Studenr discount-
call the college iInB 
619'265' 1006 



10 Mondal/, November 2, 1987 

FEATURES 

SpeakE-Z 
"Fall is my favorite 

season in Los Angeles, 
watching the birds change 
color and fall from the 
trees. " 

-David Letterman 

"We can see Califor-
nia coming, and we're 
scared. " 

-James Brady 

"California is the only 
state in the union where 
you can fall asleep under 
a rose bush in full bloom 
and freeze to death." 

-W.C. Fields 

"Things to do in Bur-
bank: I. Go to the Safe-
way parking lot for the 
roller skating festival 
called 'Holiday on 
Tar.' " 

-Johnny Carson 

" Happiness is seeing 
Lubbock, Texas , in the 
rearview mirror. " 

-song title 

" Perhaps there is no 
life after death . . . there's 
just Los Angeles." 

-Rich Anderson 

Kaplan 
LSATPREP. .. 
BE 
OVER 40 
8rLOVEIT! 
No malter-what your age. if you 
plan on going to law school. a 
score O\I'I!T 40 can put spring in 
your step! 

ibu see. candidates who score 
between 40 and 48 on the new 
Law School Admission Test enjoy 
the best chance ofbeing ac· 
cepted to the law school of their 
choice and going on to practice 
with top firms or corporations. 

At the Stanley H. Kaplan 
Educational Cente~ LSJIT prepa· 
ration is a line art. So much 
so that Kaplan has more "Oller 
405" grads than any other test prep 
firm in the nation. 1 Isn't that just the test edge 
your law career deserves? 

KAPLAN • 
SIANII YII ~Af\AN t ()(J( At lCNAt ONtER tID 

The worlds leading 
test prep organization. 

4780 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd. 
Son Diego. CA 92117 

(619) 277·67 ... 
F", tnl",mat,on Regard,ng 

Over t20 Centers 
OUTllOf • . T. SlATE CAll 
lOll filEt _U3·1712 
preparatIon (or the lSAT 

and ~f 30 oth~r 51andanzed exammatlons 

• Art/Architecture 
• Business/Economics ~ 
• Engineering 
• HumanlHeaKh Services 
• Journalism/Communications 
• VisuaVPerforming Arts 
• Politics 

All prog".mmes include: 16 semester hour credits, 9-week 
internship, apartment, British fllCully. Offered fall, spring 

and summer semesters. 

BOSTON UNIVERSITY 
LIP, 725 Commonweahh Aile .• Boston. MA 02215 

(617) 353-9888 
NAME ______________________ __ 
ADDRESS ____________________ __ 
CITY ___________ ..... STATE_ZIP ___ 

IJ ArVArch. B Sus./Econ. 8 Engineering 8 Hum.1Hea1it Serv. 
U Joum.K:amm. VIS.IPerf. AlII Po~~ Oxlord 

fonn No. 1169 

Discover how Sheldon-the Computer Nerd-
gets the big bucks. 
Why does Sheldon end up getting all the job 
offers? Is it because he's got Einstein's IQ? No 
way. But he does have the smarts to know all 
about Zenith Data Systems. 

Zenith Data Systems PC s and monitors are 
not only great for college, they're also pro-

The Zenith Data 
Systems Z-l83 
Laptop PC 
The Z-183 Laptop PC 
features a dazzling back-
lit LCD screen for crisp 
text and great readabil-
ity. Plus the ability to 
run virtuaUy aU PCIXTIit 
software. A 10.5MB 
hard disk with a single 
3W' floppy disk drive 
for rxpanded storage. 
640K RAM. MS-DOS. 

Visit your nearby Zenith Data Systems 
Campus Contact today: 

aN"" data ~ systems 
THE OUALITY GOES IN BEFORE THE NAME GOES ON ' 

UNLIMITED MONTHLY MEMBERSHIP FOR ONLY ... 

Sl5 (32.~~~ ~~~~~~S) 
CALL NOW 454-9981 

7660 FAY AVE. (UPSTAIRS) • LA JOllA. FAY AT KUNE 
FEATUIING NEW lULlS IN ~ OUR IIDSI 

grammed to take you straight into your career. 
Now you can experience Sheldon's Compu-

ter Nerd success. And at great student prices! 
Just check out the special offer below at your 
Zenith Data Systems Campus Contact. Shel-
don says it's definitely executive material! 
Here's the Sheldon Special! 

And a battery life longer 
than most competing 
hard disk laptops. So 
you can take notes, 
write papers and create 
graphics on the spot. 
Or, if dual3'1z" 720K 
floppy drives meet your 
storage needs, ask 
about the Z-181 Laptop 
PC. Either one is per-
fect for the student on 
the go! 

Z-J83 Laptop PC 
suggested retail price: $3.499.00 
Special Student Price: 

U.C.S.D. Bookstore 
Computer Center 

San Diego, CA 
619/534-4291 

Cheryl Rossmann 
Zenith Data Systems 

2131695-0721 
Ask abltul hltw you lan quabfy for easy monthly payments WI th. Zen,th Data Systems Crcdl1 Card ' 

Biggest event of the year!!! 
REGGAE SPLASH 87 is here! Rage to the exciting sounds of 
Cardiff Reefers, Rainbow Warriorl, All women band--Queen 
Eckenem & Vibal Smash, Internationally known Mikey Dread, 
and many others. Event will start at 2:00 until 1 0:00. Don't miss 
out on the fun! Free admission. 

UCSD Triton Yearbook 
Attention! The UCSD Triton yearbook needs you! This yearbook is 
completely student run and covers all four colleges. Have you been on a 
yearbook staff before? Are you interested in public relations, advertising 
or marketing? Are you a writer or an artist or a photographer? Are you 
just curious and interested in learning? If you answered yes to any of 
these questions, we'd like to hear from you! There are several positions 
open for both general staff and editors. So give us a call at 259-4891 
(but please not before lOam). 

SOFTBALL GAME!!! 
The American Society of Mechanical Engiheers (A.S.M.E.) at UCSD 
will be challenging the SDSU chapter to a CO-ED softball game on 
Friday, November 6 from 3-5:30 pm. BEVERAGES will be included!!! 
For more details please contact 944-9158. A sign-up sheet will be 
posted outside of S&E. 

California Review 
Come to California Review's COMING OUT PARTY! If you are 
interested in conservative politics come join us, write for us, and discuss 
our first issue with us. Student Center upstairs room 212, over looking 
the pub. Monday, 2 Nov., 4:30, or call us: 534-6881. 

American Society of Mechanical Engineers 
General Meeting/Pre-AMES info. session. Have questions about what 
classes to schedule Winter Quarter? We will have departmental litera-
ture and be on hand to answer YOUR questions. Find out about 
upcoming events. Thursday, 4·5 pm, HL 1205 . For more info. call Jeff 
at 270-7695. 

Can We Talk .... 
Of course we can, and that is exactly what we'll do at the next meeting of 
the Diabetic Support Group Wed., Nov. 4, from 4-5 pm on the 2nd floor 
of the Student Health Service. Diabetics and non-diabetics but inter-
ested individuals are invited to attend. Please call Dalynn from SHS at 
534-2419 or Lisa, 546-0544, for more info. 

ATTENTION ALL AMES & PRE-AMES STUDENTS INTER-
ESTED IN CIVIL OR STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING! 
ASCE, the American Society of Civil Engineers, UCSD Chapter, 
invites you to a tour of the new Scripps Pier with the Civil Engineers of 
Kiewit Pacific Co., Marine Division. We'll meet at the pier at 11 :30 am, 
Saturday, Nov. 7 & go for pizza afterward. For more info call 535-
0746 and ask for Roy or Janise or look for our posted flyers. 

Dark Star 
Join UCSD's Science fiction club. Japanese animation, comics, new 
books, old books, movies, TV shows (foreign and domestic.) We have 
broad interests in all branches of science fiction. Join Dark Star, Thurs· 
day,7 pm, in the Revelle Formal Lounge. If you can't breathe Earth-
standard Atmosphere, bring your own breathing mixture. 

Monday. November 2, 1987 11 

THE A.S. COUNCIL IS NOW ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS 
FOR THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS: 

Vice President-External Affairs 
The V.P. External oversees all external affairs of the ASUCSD. This 
includes the University of California Student Association and the UCSD 
Student Lobby. The V.P. External also serves as a liason with local and 
state governmental agencies. 

Election Manager 
Coordinator of the entire A.S. elections as stipulated in the A.S. Bylaws. 
Paid position - $6.73/hr., 5.1/4 hours per week for 10 weeks. 

Both positions are paid and of vital importance. Application dead-
line: Monday, Nov. 9th. For more information contact Dave Mar-
chick or Patty at 534-4450. 

Raffel tickets for a FREE All-Cal ski trip to STEAMBOAT, CO. 
Tickets are on sale starting today, (Nov .2), Wed. and Fri. for $1 at the 
Ski Team table in the Revelle Plaza from 11-2. Other prizes include 
3-day lift passes to Mammoth Mountain, gift certificates for Pat's Ski & 
Sport, dinner at the Chart House, other fine restaurants, and many other 
great prizes! Help support the Ski Racing Team and test your luck!! 

Do you feel like some Penguins Yogurt? Well , go get some tonight, 
(Mon. Nov. 2) from 7-10 pm at the Penguins on La Jolla Village Dr. 
and Regents Rd. Your appetite will help support the UCSD Ski Racing 
Team! 

TRITON WAVES BOOSTER CLUB 
Be a part of the fun· join the Triton Waves! Membership includes free 
admission to all regular season home games, free giveaways and 
chance at contest prizes, parties before and after selected games, and 
dtscounts at selected local restaurants and/or stores. A membership 
card, valid through June, gets you all this and more for just $7 .00. To 
join, either leave a check for $7.00 (payable to the UC Regents) in the 
Triton Waves box in the A.S. Office, or call us at 452-0 196 (Anita) or 
259.4891 (Paul). The tide is high, so catch the wave! 

SURF CLUB 
Congratulations to Allen Johnson and Chris Zeitler, mens and worn ens 
winners of the UCSD SURFING CLASSIC held at Blacks Beach Oct. 
10. Johnson blasted his way through a field of 60 contestants to win the 
event... The Surf Club will meet this Thur., Nov. 5 to discuss our busy 
calendar ... Remember your 3 addresses for our fundraiser. 8:00 pm PH 
103 be there! 

Committee for World Democracy 
Political Film Series - AMERICAN REBEL 

"Denver-born Dean Reed is a golden East Bloc Superstar, the Johnny 
Cash of Communism." Director Will Roberts will appear in person at 
this showing. Friday, Nov. 6 TLH 107, FREE! 

A 
S 

P 
R 
o 
G 
R 
A 
M 
M 
I 
N 
G 

BFST PIcTuRE 

R ... ~ . . ;::..-· _. U .... l .u _ _ "'1' __ ,-
.- .--

FILM - PLATOON, Wed. Nov. 4, 8&10, USB 2722 . 

Get your film series membership cards - $5 at the box office. 

A 
S 

P 
R 
o 
G 
R 
A 
M 
M 
I 
N 
G 

Get your happening Reggae T·shirt early -- only $6 T's and tanks, and 
$9 -long sleeve. For more info call 534-4450. 



12 Monday. November 2. 198 7 

Tritons sweep 
By MATT STEUERW AL T 
Staff Writer 

Instead of joining all the parties 
in Santa Barbara this weekend, the 
UCSD volleyball team decided to 
host a little get-together of their 
own_ So they invited eighth-ranked 
Cal State San Bernardino, La 
Verne, and Claremont Mudd -
Scripps down for a few games_ But 
the Halloween treats all belonged 
to the Tritons, as they dismantled 
their guests to run their record to 26 
and 3 for the year_ 

Those fans who came early Fri-
day were treated to an entertaining 
match as La Verne squeezed by 
Claremont 16-14, 15-9, and 17-
15_ Then the match that everyone 
was there to see, between San Ber-
nardino and San Diego, began_ 
Unfortunately, the scheduling of 
the gamed pitted two of the top-
ranked teams on this coast first, 
instead of last. So barring a major 
upset, this game would decide the 
tournament champion_ 

nardino stomped them 15-2_ Luh-
now decided that she would play 
game three_ Much to Coach Dan-
nevik's relief, had nine kills , only 
three errors, and rolled over the 
Coyotes 15-6_ Game four was 
much like game one. The teams 
played at their respective levels, 
but San Diego's was higher_ They 
won the game 15- I I, and the 
championship match 3-1_ Luhnow 
finished with seven kills, second to 
Ellen Chi's eight., Despite an of/-
night hitting, Janet Hughes con-
tributed three kills and four blocks _ 

Women's 
soccer 
ties 1-1 
By PHIL GRUEN 

"We're a much better team than 
we showed here today," UCSD's 
woman's soccer Head Coach Brian 
McManus stated after his Tritons 
failed to score more than one goal 
on Friday afternoon against the 
Division I Cal Poly Pomona Bron-
cos at Warren Field Eatlt. "They 
[Cal Poly] are a very agressive 
team , though," he added. 

UCSD came out and showed 
why they are the class of Division 
III volleyball. They outplayed, and 
outhustled San Bernardino to win 
the first game 15-10_ Game two 
was an entirely different story_ 
Without Lori Luhnow, who didn't 
feel well, the Tritons could not find 
their attack _ They committed eight 
hitting errors while only making 
four kills_ Needless to say San Ber-

The first match on Saturday pit-
ted UCSD against Claremont. The 
Athenas won the first point for a 
1-0 lead. It was the only time they 
were ahead in the entire match_ 
The Tritons tied, then went ahead 
3-1. Carol Lipson served the score 
up to 7 -1 before Claremont staged 
a mini-comeback to 9-5. However, 
the Athenas were having trouble 
with their setting (they were called 
for three double hits in this game) 
and with the serving of Hughes and 
Lipson, who each served three 
more points. The first game ended 
15-5. 

T.i Risko/GuarJwn 
Carol Lipson (left) and Janel Hughes block a chance for La Verne. 

Agresaive or not, the Triton 
defense, sparked by the denying 
feat of Susan Kramer and Deanna 
Dick and the sure hands of goalie 
Julie F riell, kept the Bronco offense 
well'enou,h at bay to aUow for only 
one goal to a croas resulting in a 
1-1 deadlock at the end of the 
double-overtime period. Aside from 
a brief five-minute interval, thi, 
game was all defense. 

The .Ii,ht scorin, eruption came 
right at the beginning of the second 
period. On UCSD', second PONeI-
sion of the half, halfback Stephanie 
Savoy rolled a shot into the left aide 
of the net after a fine assist by 
Heather Mauro_ It did not take 
more than a couple of minutes. 

The most entertaining moment 
of game three was when the Tri-
tons confused their rotation and 
served out of turn. This cost them 
an automatic sideout, which under 
different circumstances could have 
been important. By the time it hap-

pened in this game, the score was 
already 13-6 in their favor. Jen-
nifer Wellman served six straight 
points, Sasaki and Dee Dee Bigelow 
each served three, and the score 
finished at 15-6. Allison Heinsleit 
had a team-leading eight kills while 

Weekly Sports Calendar 
Date Team Location Time 
11/ 3 Women 's soccer vs. Whittier UCSD 2:30 pm 
11/ 4 Women's volleyball vs. UCSD 7:30 pm 

U.S. International 
11/ 6-8 Women's soccer NCAA Regionals TBA TBA 
11 / 6-7 Women's volleyball conference San Rafael TBA 

tournament 
11 /7 Men's water polo vs. UC Irvine UCSD Noon 

Men 's and women's cross country UCSD W: 11 am 
conference championships M: noon 
Men's basketball vs. Grossmont Grossmont 7:30 pm 
City College (scrimmage) 

.------------. I k:-t., I I .II\O·S" I 

Sasaki was second with four in only 
four attempts. San Diego won the 
match 3-0 and left to think about 
their 8 pm meeting with La Verne. 

While the Tritons had the after-
noon off, La Verne was left to cope 

See VOLLEYBALL, pa,e 15 See SOCCER, pa,e 15 

Th e resa Schwaar (right) and Felicia Faro battle for the ball. 
Superconductivity 

Above Liquid Nitrogen 
Temperatures 

I BACK TO SCHOOL I 
I SPECIAL 1'----- --------------
I I 

Professor M. Brian Maple 
Department of Physics 

Institute of Pure and Applied Physical Sciences 

University of California, San Diego 

Wednesday, November 4, 1987 
7:30 pm, Petenon Hall 110, UCSD 

A Free, Illustrated Lecture 

Sponsored by 

San Diego Chapter of Sigma XI 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I S2 OFF I I I 
I PASSPORT I I PHOTOS I 
I I I No appointments. • . I 
I I I no waiting I 
I I I Good month of November. 1987 I 
18855 Villa La Jolla Dr. I 
I 457-.775 I 
I Only one coupon per viSit I 
._---------_ .. 

.. ==== •.•• ~ .. :====~ II ........ -. 
CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST 

PHY SICAL THERAPIS T 
PHARMACIST 

The Air Force can make 
you an attractive offer - out-
slanding compensation plus 
opportunities lor professional 
developmenl. You can have a 
challenging pruclice and time 
to spend with your family while 
you serve your country. Find out 
what the Air Force offers. Coli 

519 - 292 - 8863 COLLECT 

Mondoy. November 2. 1987 13 

SPORTS 

Stanford sinks UCSD 11-4 
By MIKE FOLEY 

On the day before Halloween 
the men's water polo team was hop-
ing to do more than just scare no. 3 
ranked Stanford . Playing in their 
home pool in front of a large (;rowd 
(about 200 spectators) UCSD was 
primed for an upset win. Unfortu-
nately for the Tritons, Friday was 
not a day for upsets as Stanford 
played up to their ranking and 
cruised to an II -5 win. 

Things started out well for UCSD 
as they won the opening sprint, but 
they were not able to capitalize on 
that opportunity_ 

Taking advantage of some 
UCSD mistakes, Stanford jumped 
out to a quick 3-0 lead. 

UCSD was finally able to get on 
the scoreboard when Greg Wade 
beat the Stanford goalie from about 
seven yards out. After Stanford 
scored again Dave Calder answered 
back with a goal to put the Tritons 
in striking distance 4-2. 

But Stanford would not give in 
and scored to more quick goals giv· 
ing them a commanding 6-2 lead at 
halftime. 

If UCSD was going to make a 
game of it they needed to get off to 
a fast start in the second half. How-

ever, as it turned out, it was Stan-
ford who came out of halftime fired 
up and they quickly scored two 
more goals for an 8-2 lead. 

UCSD decided to make things 
respectable and matched Stanford 
goal for goal the rest of the way. On 
the bright side, UCSD outscored 
their opponent 2-0 in the fourth 
quarter. 

Despite being overmatched by a 
stronger opponent, UCSD did show 
a lot of character by not letting 
themselves get blown out. Out· 
standing player of the game for 
UCSD had to be goalie Randy 
Franke who made 10 saves. [Q] Jason Vance on one of UCSO's few offe nSive maneuvers. 

Guardian/BJ. 's Pizzeria Sports Trivia Quiz 
Update on the final prize: 

Two weeks ago, we stated that 
the prize awarded to the person 
with the most correct entries 
would win a free pizza - that 
has been changed. The new 
prize is a party for six, courtesy 
of BJ.'s Pizzeria. There's some 
incentive for you! So get those 
answers in and good luck! 

Que,tions: 
1. Who was the younj;/est boxer 
ever to win the heavyweight 
title? 
2. Who is the current high scorer 
on the UCSD women's soccer 
team in 1987? 

3. Who won the Came Grand 
Prix of Southern California, 
1987? 
4. What number does Chicago 
Bear quarterback Jim McMa-
hon wear? 
5. How many times havetheSt. 
Louis Cardinals had to play in 
the seventh game of the World 
Series? 
6 . What baseball team holds the 
record for most consecutive win-
ning seasons at 39 years? 
7. Who hit the game winning 
RBI for the Twins in the seventh 
game of the 1987 World 
Series? 
8 . Who holds the record for the 

Muir Tennis CourtS. 3 divisions of play: 
Men (Open-Intermediate) & Women ~ Sign up 

most passes completed in a pro 
football game? 
9_ Who wa~ .. fnt American 
o win tbe Tour de France? 

.10. Who ~Ids the record (or 
_.1 frerthrow percena.ge in 

!lketball seaso~? 

3. Stan Musial made the only 

Cardinal (N .L.) error in the sev-
enth game of the World Series. 
4. 4 -12 
5. Leon Spinks 
6. Jim Murray 
7. Emmitt Smith, University of 
Florida 
8. Lou Holtz 
9. Mark Stanforth 
10.99 

• All entries must be in the 
Guardian office by4 pm Friday, 
four days after the issue date 
(entries may be mailed to the 
Guardian, B-O 16, La lolla , CA 
92093). 

• Only UCSD students , faculty 
and staff may enter. Winners 
will be asked to show their 
UCSD IDcards 10 claim prizes. 
• In the event of a tie or a dis -

pute, the judges will have the 
final decision. If there is more 
than one correct entry, there 
will be a drawing to determine 
who wins the prize. 
• Winners and prizes will be 

printed every Monday. 
• The Guardian staff, em-

ployees of B.l. 's Pizzeria, and 
their immediate families are 
ineligible. 
• Only one entry per person. 
• Entries should include name, 

address, telephone number, 
major and hometown. 

ROBERT'S 
Q9 ~ ~ S~B 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 
• Brakes • Extended Warranties 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday·Friday 8 am· 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am· 5 pm 

(619) 275·1132 4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA 92109 .I. ~;.~ 
--------------------------------------

I 
.., 
..:. 

10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

· (c·x(('pl .llulu, & Trtw)) m i):iw II ()"4',lwu/) 

With This Coupon 
'.' vl I-U/If/Il/O, '111\ fJikrr n'll~mJ 

The home of the 
39¢ hatnburger. 

I N) M~lJO"(}/~m J{fo" . 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I.I.~~I!!!!-----------------------ALL AMERicANMEAL--- ~ 

Quarter Pounder ®with Cheese. Large Fry. 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink 1/ioDl~ ~c::; II 
II II 
II Limit one coupon per 'J $1 99 II II customer. per visit . Please "~{4~MiiAI US t II 

by Friday. Nov. 6 at noon • Fee - 1 can new tennis balls 
• Open to UCSD Students. faculty and staff. 

present coupon when (I ta) II ordering. Not valid with P us x II II any other offer. Only at: II 

~ 7140 Mlrama~Rd' Sign up at Canyonview Athletics & Recreation. X44037 Son Diego ~ _~'=2~'2-_ ~ 
------___ .. _iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

... . 



SPORTS 

.--------------------------, I SECOND DINNER I YOUR STUDENT TRAVEL CENTER i FREE! I 
I with purchase of 1st dinner at regular price I 
I I I _II 
I -I I 

I E;:'iIJ I 
I I I - ' I I Your choices include: I 
II Combination Dinners, Specialties of the I 
I House, Full Order of Carnitas, or our I 

Cheap fares 
plus rallpasses, 
International student 
10, tours and 
much more. 
Ask about our free travel 
catalog. Book now for 
Thanksgiving and Christmas. 

BAY AREA ••.. . •... . . ........ $78 
AMSTERDAM •. .. .. ....•..... ~i9 
CARRIBEAN .•... .. ....•..... $370 
LONDON .... . .. ... . .. • . . ... ~i9 
PARiS . .... . .. . . .•• •.•. .... $5aa 
HONG KONG . . . . ......•..... $609 
BANGKOK . . . . . . . . • . . . • . . . .. $699 
SYDNEY . . . . .. • . ... •..•••... $7.a 
CARACAS . . . . . • . . • • . . . . . • . . $340 
TAHITI • • .•••••••••••••••••• $sa8 

All FARES ROUND TRJP 

II World Famous Tostada Suprema I 
I Please Present Coupon When Ordering I 
I Offer expires 12/30/87 • Limit 1 per customer . No Orders ToGo I 
II r. I UNCL 650 Valley Ave. Solana Beach I Council navel Services 
I ~~ 
I _~ mH • . , : _ 755-5988 I I ~ OUJHV., 101 I 452-0630 
._------------------------_. 

UCSD STUDENT CENTER --~ 

Think there's no place in business for 
someone with a liberal arts degree .•• 

Think again. 
Look into careers in Communications Management. A Master's from The 
Annenberg School of Communications, combined with your bachelor's 
degree, can open the right doors. 

Some examples ... 
Suzanne B., BA French, U.C., Berkeley. Annenberg M.A. 
Vice President, Programming Sales, ABC Radio 
Steve B., BA Fine Arts, Ohio University. Annenberg M.A. 
Senior Vice President, Creative Affairs, Columbia Pictures-TV 
Paul D., B.A. English, U. Michigan. Annenberg M.A. 
Manager, Marketing and Public Policy, Pacific Bell 
Sara K., B.A. Political Science, Duke. Annenberg MA 
Director, Creative Services, Assoc. of TV Programming Executives 
Pam R., B.A. Asian Studies, Mount Holyoke. Annenberg MA 
Director, Public Relations, St. Paul Medical Center 
Karl K., B.A. Economics, USC. Annenberg MA 
Senior Management Consultant, Price Waterhouse 
Wendell F. , BA Radio/TV/ Film, Northwestern. Annenberg MA 
Senior Analyst, Research, Walt Disney Co. 
Roger A. , BA Political Science, U.C., Berkeley. Annenberg MA 
Manager, Telecommunication, Computer Sciences Corp. 

If you are interested in getting into communications - mass media or telecom-
munication - and want to get work experience while completing your graduate 
degree ... 
Talk with representatives from The Annenberg School of Communications, USC, 
Los Angeles. 

PROFESSIONAL AND GRADUATE SCHOOL 
INFORMATION DAY 
Date: Monday, November 2 
Time: 11:00 a.m. - 2 p.m. 
Place: Career Services Center 

M.soccer 
splits 
weekend 
Loses 1-0 to USIU 
and beats USD 2-1 
By KURT BELL 
Staff Writer 

For the fifth consecutive season, 
the UCSD men's soccer team is 
playoff bound. 

A 2·1 victory over Division I 
University of San Diego Saturday 
could do nothing to damage UCSD 
#3 ranking and bid lor one of the 
four far.west.region playoff spots. 

Despite their slow start with un· 
characteristic losses to Biola , 
Pomona· Pitzer and Loyola.Mary. 
mount , all 1·0, the Tritons fini shed 
strong with important victories over 
LaVerne, Claremont.Mudd, and 
USD with a 12·5·2 record. 

"This is the fi rs t year we've had 
to fight our way up Irom the bottom 
to go to the playoffs," said senior 
defender Rod Cramblit. "We're 
reaching our peak right now. We 
should have a lot 01 momentum 
going into the post season." 

The Tritons reached that pinacle 
Saturday on a final ascent that 
neither the rowdy visiting crowd, 
the persistent rain nor the spirits of 
Halloween could halt. 

UCSD started the game slug· 
ishly and were fortunate to pull 
through an early USD offensive 
barrage with no damages. After a 
few defensive adjustments the game 
began to turn and 30 minutes into 
the game Scott Rommel put the 
Tritons ahead, with Eric Dingwall 
on the assist. 

The lead, however, did not hold 
long. USD tied the score on an easy 
goal after Eric Deutsch intercepted 
a Triton clearance and breezed to 
the net. 

At the half· time, coach Derek 
Armstrong advised his players that 
it was a playoff situation; a do or 
die. A lOll would eliminate any 
playoff possibilities. 

Midway through the second half, 
Rommel again met the challenge. 
Taking the ball near the aideline at 
midfield, Rommel beat two USD 
defenders and the goalkeeper, and 
again put the Tritons in the lead. 

"It's about time," Rommel said 
of his performance, "I finally scored 
in a real game." (Rommel doesn't 
like to consider his goals in some of 
the Tritons more one·sided victo· 
ries as "real" goals). 

Possessor play by the Tritons 
and a strong performance, despite 
the wet conditions, by goalkeeper 
Greg Stadler maintained Rommel's 
second goal as the game winner. 

"We're playing exceptionally well 
right now," Stadler said, " I don 't 
see any way they can keep us out of 
it [the playoffs] ." 

In all likelihood , the lour far. west 
playoff positions will be Ii lied by#1 
ranked Cal State San Bernardino, 
#2 SI. Thomas from Minnesota , 
Claremont.Mudd, a nd UCSD. 

"The only way they could keep 
us out of it is because they don 't. 
wa nt three teams from this area 
(Southern Calilornia] to be in it ," 
ex plai ned Assistant Coach Greg 
Schwarz. "San Bernardino will go 
because they are ranked # 1 a nd 
Clarpmon\ au\oma\Jcally goe., 
de,plte their lower rankmg, hpcau~p 
they won their league [d league that 
refu.ed admittance to UCSDJ . That 
leave, u, on the edge." (g 

Monday. November 2, 1987 15 

FEATURES 

Volleyball takes tournaDlent 
Continued from page 12 
with San Bernardino. After getting 
killed in the first game, La Verne 
held on to win the next two. It 
looked like the night game with 
UCSD might actually be a meeting 
01 undefeated teams. San Bernar· 
dino wouldn't cooperate, and came 
back to win the next two games, as 
well as the closest match of the 
weekend. 

As il that wasn't enough, San 
Bernardino came back only an 
hour and a half later to face Clare· 
mont. It looked like an upset wait· 
ing to happen, especially alter 
Claremont won the first game 15· 
II. Once again, San Bernardino 
stormed back. They won 15.3, 15· 
5 and 15·10, sending Claremont 
home winless, and securing second 
place lor themselves. 

A spirited and enthusiastic 
crowd, led by some inspired cheer· 
ing by the men's volleyball team 
seemed to feed off the energy, as 
Dannevik put it "Our intensity is 
really high, our practice level is 
high, we're geared up for Region. 
als." They were so intense that they 
ran out to 5 ·0 lead before La Verne 
took timeout. That didn't bother 
the Tritons at all, they moved the 
score to 10·0, and 12·1. The game 
ended mercifully quickly at 15·1. 

If La Verne thought they were 
going to get a chance to regroup in 
game two, they were sadly mis· 
taken. In a carbon copy of the first 
game, the Tritons had a 3·0 lead 
before La Verne could call timeout. 
This just gave the crowd a chance 
to cheer some more, for when the 
play got going it was like it had 

never stopped . The score moved to 
9·0 . The Leopards finally seemed 
to join the game, and "rallied" to 
trail 11·6. They didn't lIcore again 
and lost game two 15·6. In slightly 
over half an hour, the Tritions had 
a 2·0 lead in the match. 

Game three was different because 
La Verne held the lead. It was 2· 1. 
Thf'n Ellen Chi served , and it was 
5·2, :'"n Diego. It stayed close 
unhl Jennifer Pettigrew began serve 
with U .C. up 8 -7. She pushed the 
lead to 11 -7, so La Verne tried 
another timeout. Just like every 
other time, it didn't have any effect 
on the Triton's game. They won 
the next four points, took the game 
15· 7, the match 3·0, and the tour· 

nament . Pettigrew W" M on the top 
with ten kills against La Verne, but 
the entire team played well. Dan-
nevik understated the point when 
he said "All facets of our game 
were on tonight." 

And that means trouble for the 
rest 01 Division III. The Tritons 
have only a match with Division I 
rival U.S. International before the 
playoffs begin. In fact , UCSD will 
be hosting the Western Regional 
Nov . 12· 14. The winner goes to 
the Final Four for a shot at the 
Championship . If you thought they 
were good during the season, watch 
out because " this [the playoffs] is 
the time we peak out." 

Get your tickets now. [g 

Women's soccer Janet Hughes (1114) spikes UCSD to a 3-0 win over La Verne. 
Continued from page 12 
however, lor the Bronco's to reo 
taliate. 

In what could be considered 
somewhat of a "cheap goal" be· 
cause Triton forward Gigi Sales lay 
sprawled out on the ground due to 
an injury, Cal Poly drove the length 
of the field and scored when Amy 
Johnson's shot eluded Friess's 
grasp. This tied the game at one a 
score which held for the remainder 
01 the regulation period and both 01 
the overtime periods. Salas man· 
aged to limp off the field afer the 
goal, apparently not seriously in· 
jured. 

The lack of scoring in this game 
cannot possibly be attributed to the 
lack of scoring opportunities, or for 

the lack of a strong offensive attack 
by either squad. In fact, nearly the 
opposite was true. There were 
plenty of scoring opportunities -
the two teams took a good deal 
many shots on the goal- and the 
offenses on both sides were con· 
sistently pressing. It was merely the 
fact that the defenses were better. 

Jennifer Kingsbury were there to 
rocket the ball back the other way. 
When the Broncos were to be so 
bold as to bring the ball anywhere 
near the goalie's box, Friess always 
semmed to be there, scooping the 
ball up in even the most dangerous 
of situations. (Her constant ventur· 
ing Irom the goal did get her in 
trouble - on one occasion she ven· 
tured out so far that Cal Poly's 
Goetz came flying right into her at 
full speed). Despite her daringneu, 
Friess made a few jumping sa ves of 
shots that could very well have pre· 
served the tie for the Tritons. 

eXCitement, a couple of shots on the .... 
goal, some corner kicks, and the 

Every time UCSD's usual scor· 
ing machines, Mauro and Felicia 
Faro, came anywhere near the Cal 
Poly goal, it seemed that sweeper 
Shelonda Paul was right there to 
greet them and kick the ball back 
into Triton territory. Similarly, 
every time Cal Poly's Nina Goetz 
and Kristian Harkins would bring 
the ball deep into UCSD territory, it 
seemed that Kramer, Dick, and 

The overtime periods were reo 
miniscent 01 both 01 the regulation 
periods - temporary flashes of 

ball being booted back and fourth 
over the midway line - but, as 
before, nothing transpired as far as 
the scoring was concerned. 

The woman's varsity soccer 
team, currently ranked no. 2 in the 
nation in Division III play, do not 
usually play their home games on 
Warren Field East. Commenting 
on this, McManus said, "It is a very 
narrow and scrappy field. We're 
not used to playing on this type of 
field. " 

Nevertheless, the Tritons played 
a fine game considering they faced 
Division I competition, and their 
record now stands at 13·3·2. I]) 

ASUCSD 
along with 

African American Student Union & Third College 
-presenl-

featuring Producer of UB40 cl The Clash. 

Itt/KEY DREIID 
and our very own: CAR I)IFF REEFERS 

plus woman reggae band, QUEEN ECKANEM & VI8Al SMASH 
NIGHTSHIFT RAIN80W WARRIORS 
GEN/RATION XANGO 

NOVEMBER 7TH 2PM-10PM 
AT STONEHENGE 
FREE ADMISSION 

--



16 Monday. Nooember 2. 1987 

Announcements 
Info on Study In Israel: come to the Inn Ctr. at 3 pm 
Monday 11/2 to ~t reps from the Hebrew Un~rsity of 
Jerusalem and to learn about opportunities in Israel. 
Sponsored by the Opportunities ~broad Office. 11//2) 

Creat~ Sportswear Will print your design on T-shirts, 
sweatshlrst. etc. Call for low prices. 452-804 7. /11/30) 

Fr~ haircutsll Ready for a new look? Call ~urel Salon at 
459-0200 for change of style only. /11/16 M) 

~U~ W~lCHER PR needs Intems ASAP Gain practical 
experience In PR, media, and promotion. For more Info 
stop by at ~IO In the student center. Or call 534-4689. 
111/ 2) 
Need a OJ? KSDT has got them. We have great mUSIC and 
lights and the lowest prices Call 534-3673. 111/ 16) 

3rd college dean's office needs your input re: future use of 
La Casa. Survey at dean 's office x44390 (11/2) 
Kalbigang Pillpino Will have a general ~ing on Mon. 
Nov. 2 in the North Conf. Rm. @ 3:00 pm. 111/2) 

Economic majOrs needed to Intern at 8rumark this quarterl 
Must have at least a 3 0 GP~ Conraa ~IO for more 
details Located abOve the gameroom In the Student Cen-
ter Open 9-4, M-F. /11/2) 

Do you f~1 like some PENGUINS YOGURT? Well, go get 
some at the Penguins on La Jolla Village & Regents tonight 
from 7-10 pm Your appetite Will help support the UCSD 
Ski Team 111/2) 
RISC ~tlng thiS Wed 11/4 ree gym 8 pm important Info 
on the ThanksgMng trip to Utah & ~II Cal Info 111/ 2) 

Fr~ food I If you 're a Warren commuter, stop by the 
commuter board meeting Tues at 12, ProllOst bldg (1// 2 ) 
You deserve a breakl Come to the Commuter Study Break, 
Wed. Nov 4th at 5 pm in WNH? Fr~ munchres. (1// 2) 
Revelle Third World ~lIiance - general ~tlng today, 
Nov. 2, at 6 pm In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 111/ 2) 
International intrigue? Model United NatIOns ~tlng 
Tue. Nov 3 7 pm Hllll6 /11/2) 
Come to THE Commuter Breakfast Wed Nov. 4th at 7 30 
am Stili Just 50(1 In the Commuter lounge /1 1/2) 
Ouestlons abOut the new skatebOard and bicycle law? 8e 
heardll Eat breakfasst and Informally chat w ith the UCSD 
Police Chief Jon Anderson tomorrow 7'30-9:30 am at the 
Warren PrOllOSt bldg. In the conf rooml /l1/2) 
J~NUS IS THAT GODII1I/16) 
Computer sCIence majOrs to Intern fo r White Data Sys-
tems. Contact ~SIO for more info at x4689 /11/5) 

T~COnME 59¢ tacos each Sunday. FREE refills at time o f 
purchasel/l2/ 3) 
The Graphic Source needs Interns ~PI Work would 
Include word processIng on MacPlus and some graphiC 
design. For more cletails stop by at ~IO in the Student 
Center. Open from 9-4 , M-F. /11/5) 
RISC Thanksgiving t ix are on sale at the box office ti l 11/9. 
For more Info' Office hrs M -Th 10-2. S223. /11/9) 
The Delta Tau Delta tuck-in selVlce starts soon. Sign up 
M -F 10-2 pm at the Revelle plaza DElT booth. (11/5) 
The JeWish Student Union IS thrOWing an amazlflQ pool 
party on Nov. 8. For Info call Dan 452-3 706. 111/ 5) 
RISC broomball ~ SDSU and UCR Nov 7 at UK Come 
and c~r UCSD on lll If you want to play at A ll Cal, you 
have to play In this game Party Will followl Game starts at 
1/ pm (1// 5) 

~ 
It·,) ' 1 •. ' 

UNIVERSAL PICTURES invites you to attend 
A VERY SPECIAL FREE SCREENING 

TONIGHT! 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 8:00 P.M. 

FREE PASSES AT DOOR 
COME EARLYI FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED! 

From University Events & St. Activities 

The J. Paul Getty Museum In Santa Monica IS offering a 
paid summer internship. The deadline to apply IS Fri. Dec 
II For more info contact ~IO above the gameroom In the 
Student Center or call 534-4689. /11/5) 
Raffle tickets for a fr~ ~II Cal ski trip will be on sale this 
MWF frm 11-2 at the SkI Team table in the Revelle plaza. 
Other great prizes available. Support the Ski Team and try 
your luckll /11/5) 

For Sale 
ThanksgIVIng Break ski trip with RISe. TIx on sale from 
10/ 28 to 11/5 For more info - offlce -Stdnt. Cntr. II1/5) 
WINDSOR Carrera sport 12-speedbik 19- royal blue frame. 
Suntour cycle Dia-compe, SR, toe clips. Sl25 call Todd at 
457-4335 or 534-6580 to leave message. /12/1) 
~OOR~8LE ANI~l RU88ER STAMPSI Cats, dogs, bears, 
hearts, etcl Make your own stationary, great gift Ideal 36 
page catalog with over 600 designs. Send SI .OO Irefunda-
ble With order) to: Critter Care Center P.O . Box 77 Dept. 
G, Solana Beach, CA 92075. 111/9) 
ThanksgIVIng plans77 How abOut PINK flOYD In LA II 2 
tickets for Thurs. night. Tony 455-9831. /11/2) 

G~ TEFUL D~D tix long Beach Nov. 13, 14, IS S20 ea call 
Peter 455- 7705, (11/5) 
Good buy for students: sofa SIOO, cJouble bed S25, lamps 
S5 each, microwave cart SIS. Call 453 .... 618. (11/2) 
77 Toyota Corolla SR5. 5-speed hatchback, am/fm 
cassette. Reliable, SI095 obo. 2B2-9556. /11/5) 
SurfbOard: 6 '0- Hayward Trl: 11 V> - x 19Vo- x 15- very fast, 
great cond!o no dings. S200 454-9951, Phi/, (11/2) 
For sale bed full size S35. Desk wooden office size S25 Call 
George 940-8053 or please leave message at 450-3680 
bOx 254. /11/5) 
Stock market crash sale. low prices on skateboard stuff. 
Call Mark or Dan 455-9843 Challenger 456. 111/2) 
VCR, RCA VKT650 HI-fi with wireless remote, 133channel 
tuner, speCial effects, 1 year on screen programmable. 
Nee<1s new part retailing for SIBO II ~ estimate). Ax It 
yourself and save big on thiS originally SIOOO top of the line 
VCR Will sell for S185. Call Robert at 488-7633, 111/5) 
Puch moped for sale Cheap. Runs, needs tune-up. Also: 4 
cockatiels & cage. Call Marie x43711 , (11/2) 
FOR ~lE - rust-colored sleeper soare. Super condmon. 
SIOO. 692-3107 msg. (11/2) 
For sale 1970 Bug good car clean ext/int 259-68391.Jeff, 
eve) SI ,OOO/best offer. /11/2) 
Hlde-a-bed sofa top condit ion S250. Single mattress and 
platform SI00 call EriC 587-9326 Gary 453-2372.111/5) 
1973 Ford l TDonly 85,000 orig, miles. Good tires, brakes, 
paint. Super clean and only S950 459-6336 Iv msg. llI/5) 
For sale: 1948 MG Midget. lOW miles, good condition 
-S2,OOO, neg. Call x44374 -Us. 111/2) 
FOR ~lE - firm, comfortable queen-size mattress and 
bOx spring with new, black laquered headboard, foot-
board, S200. 692-3107 msg. (11/2) 

Housing 
Female roommate wanted to share mast~ bedroom of 
luxurious La Jolla Colony condol Microw_, dishwasher, 
fridge, pool, jacuzzi, firl!place, 2-ar garagel S290/mo. + 
1/3 util. Call Meredith at 457 .... 335 or 534-6580 to Iv. 
message. 112/1) 
Rumate wntd,-Share a ITIStr. 8r, in Del Mar Hse on Beach. 
Fum., fireplace. yard. 2SO/mo pM 1/4 util Greg 792-
5209. (11/5) 
Roommate wanted 2 share 2bed apt at La Jolla Village Sq 
above stores avbI Nov 20 S375/mo, Call 452-5589. 111/2) 
Room4Rent in 2 Ildr condo 5 mm walk to UCSO, all 
amenities and many Xlras 260 each to share 300 single call 
452-2105. 111/5) 

Wanted 
Helpl We need part-time counter help 2 evenings a week 
and 2 Saturdays a month QCIOd pay and nice people 
455-0077 111/91 

SECRETARY/~W CLERK. Attorney In U Shores needs 
several part- time employees FleXible hOurs, good typing 
skills required 459-4118· 111/5) 
WANTED Chlldcaretor2yr girl Flexhrs. T, Th, 755-6172 
111/ 9) 
Tutor wanted tor 1-2 hrs/wk for ECE 15~ S8/hr Call 
453-9346 111/ 2) 
Wanted' Someone to draw caricatures for a gift. Pnce 
negotiable call 452-1316 (11/9) 
We are looking tor help part-time Iw~kends alsol tor 
hand car wash & detailing In La Jolla, Cal drrvers license 
and phOne Brian 535-0117. 111/2) 
Fashion Illustrator to create posters, ads, etc. for contem-
porary quality women's clothing shop in Del Mar in 
eXChange for clothing. Call for an appointment to show 
portfolio Sheree 755-7227 /11/2) 
• "XM~S HELP WANTED S925/start. National retail 
chain has 50 Immed openings Part or full time Corporate 
schOlarships available No exp req Call 10-4 ••• La Mesa 
466-6122 •• La Jolla 565-1566 /12/31 

Travel 
f ly r nl' IN T G IV..,~< D,\co,m lart'H tlll av<lll<lblt' " " 1 
,.' ""I~" ,I. .. " INAV 445 <>831 /II/5 1 

RISC ThanksgiVing trip to Utahl Tix go on sale oa 2B at 
the bOx office Includes stay at Salt Lake Hilton, 4 days at 
Interchangable lift tlx to 5 resorts, transportation, and 
morel Office located In Stuclent Center. (11/5) 

Services 
CR~TlVE SPORTSW~R Will print your design on T-
shirts, sweatshirts, etc Call for low prices -452-804 7. 
/11/30) 
ProfesSional word processing, student rates, 7 clays a 
week, excellent English skills 755-2683. /11/16) 
TYPING - Theses, Ph.Os, MAs, Term, ~II formats Rush 
jobs - Ml\RIE 931-9596. /12/3) 
TYPING/WORD PROC term papers, resumes, thesis: Laser 
printing. Fast & accurate. Anytime Nadine 57B-0496. 
/12/3) 
TypIng/18M/Rush Jobs/Editlng/Rewrite/Tutoring!Term 
Papers/Theses/Dissertations/ Jour. Art./453-0656. (11/5) 
Need typing done In a hurry? Specializing in term papers, 
theses, diSSertations, Becky, 279-9836. (11/5) 
ATTENTION GRAD SCHOOL APPlI~TSI ProfesSional 
help with cleveloping/editing personal essays lalso pap-
ers, bus. letters, resumes) from published author With MA 
In Journalism. Call Dick, 213-208-4353, (11/12) 
TYPING, word procesing, editing, student rates, profes 
sional product, Call for appointment - 454-6860. /12/3) 
BENNEITS WORD PROCESSING - Theses, Books, etc. 
HP Laser Jet Printer. Call Marilyn 749-7791. (11/2) 
TERM PAPERS, resumes, c~r letters, theses, disserta-
tions, research articles. At student rates. Serving UCSD 
clients since 1981 Word prOCI";Slng, typing, editing, tutor-
ing selected subjects Familiar with all style manuals, sub-
jects Improve your GP~ With professional presentatlOl1. 
Call for appointment In nearOyLaJoIIa -454-6860.111/2) 
STUDENT TYPING - S180/cJouble space page. Expe-
nenced and dependable. Input/Output - 530-04 70. 
/12/4) 

Penonals 
CREATIVE SPORTSW~R will print your design on T-
shirts, sweatshirts, etc Call for /ow prices, 452-8047. 
/11/30) 
TYPING/WORD PROC low cost. Term papers and theses 
expertly prepared on IBM pc w/laser prntr. 578-0496. 
/12/3) 
Speak Spanish, C~rnavaco language School. the place to 
learn It. F~ hours each day. Cultural activities, field tripS 
and excursions. Family lIVing. ApcIo 4-254 62430 Cuer-
navaca, MexIco. (73) 15-46-43. (6/91 
Are you tired of not having a IIOfce in what IS going on 
around you 7 Do you want to ge'l11l\lONled and never knew 
how? call X4450 and ask how you can become a part of 
the services and enterprises committee. 111/51 

SHENDl- I miss you I Say hello t(l Philbe and the family for 
me -T, p .s, IIoYe you mor~ (11/2) 
JANUS IS THAT GODIIII/16) 

Hey UCSOI Got any?77 about the new skateooard and 
bicycle 1aw7 If so, come to W.ren's pr0ll05t bldg, 7:JAr 
9:30 am, ~at breakfast jonly SOC), and talk to UCSO Police 
Chief Jon AndmonIlI Be heard,"lI" (11/2) 
Ski ski sid sIIi sIIi Utah Utah Utah Utah, Comr to the RISC 
meeting Wed. 11/4 B pm In the ree gym 4 more Info. jll/2) 
Jill, Happy 21st, I hope you had a great timr Sat. nig1t, Was 
the JiM smile visible aM night7 05· 111/21 
mary aMe: should U f!IIer ~ enougn time again to slow 
down and enjoy the tlowers along the sicle of the road, I'll 
gladly keep you cO~. just say my name, and I'll be 
there. -e. 111/12) 
Hey Lewis, let's go to the incredible pool party being put 
on by the Union of Jewish Stuclents Nov. 8. let's call Dan 
at 452-3706 for more Info. We're going to ~ WCh an 
amazing time. (11/5) 
Who says there's no such thing as a free lunch? Warren 
commuters can get one at the Commuter Board ~ting 
on Tuesday at 12 In the Warren PrOllOSt'S conference room. 
111/2) 
You know we couldn't forget your blrthday ... Happy 19th 
Kim. We IlN ya. Your roommates Tan & Mel. 111/2) 
Steve H - Happy 21stl 0-Tanjoobi Q-Mecletoo As the 
party animals start to warm up In preparation for getting 
you sloshed I From The Gang. (11/2) 
Hey AOII activesl Thanks so much for the hauntl We love 
you and are so proud you're our sisters -The Alpha Betas. 
(11/2) 
look outl rHOSE GUYS are coming back on - and they 
haven't slowed down one bitt November 15 IS the time to 
PARTY, so take coverlll (11/2) 
Uli and Elise - Tanks for the ricle after friday'S kamakazl 
party. By the way, who are U7 IlN ~1. /11/2) 
Eyebrow-archer, I'm a definitely a "Irtln' for a hurtln' .. 
-hugs, the noseless neck kisser. 111/2) 

The best aeroOlCs at the best prlcel Fitness is FUNI 7614 
~ve (619) 455-1225 student dlscountl. lll/21 
8roomball this Sat at UTe. RISC~. UCR and S05u. If you 
want to play, come to our NC1II 4 ~lng. lll/5) 
To the PEP MND Thanks for your awesome support on 
the road & at hOmellt's great to know you're With us to 
the endl Women's V.B (11/5) 

Eyebrow -archer, flirtation need not lead to anything 
more Wink, WINKIII - the noseless neck kisser. 111/2) 

Haven't had a good night's sleep since 1983? Then ladles, 
the Delta Tau Delta lUck-In service IS for you Drop by the 
DELT booth at Rf!IIelle Plaza now thru Fnday 10-2 pm 
/11/51 

Rocks tor rocks Why do I sull care? B G 


