
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DlEGO THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8,1987 VOLUME 59, #5 

UCSD AIDS survey 
How aware are students? 

Page 8 

Students and administrators 
debate problems, role of TAs 

Saluting women in film 
UCSD student's#film highl~ghts 
fest~val 

hiatus page 1 

By ISABELLE TIHANYI 
staffwriter 

r 

Men's soccer 
Five-game win streak 
ends for Tritons. 

page 12 

It was announced Monday, dur- 
ing the orientation meeting and 
panel discussion at the Interna- 
tional Center, that stronger re- 
quirements will be implemented 
next year regarding the screening 
of foreign teaching assistants. 

John Andrews, director of TA 
Development, began the discussion 
by welcoming the new foreign TA's. 
"The teacher's assistant role," 
Andrews stressed, "is very impor- 
tant to us on campus. There are 
several ways that this campus 
stands behind its teaching.. . [Pri- 
marily], that all TAs are required to 
go through training. 

Following the welcome. Martha 
Stacklin, instructor for the Fore~gn 
TA Language Program. mediated 
the panel discussion (among five 
students) regard~ng communica- 
tions prohlems, grade .;y.;rems, time 
management, and the role and 
importance of the TA. Panel mem- 
bers included three foreign gradu- 
ate TAs and two American under- 
graduate students. This helped the 
incoming TAs to understand some 
of the cultural differences to which 
they would soon be exposed. 

r 

The graduate students were: 
Langfang Woo, a first-year math 
TA from Ta~wan; Jou Lin, a filth- 
year economics TA from Taiwan; 
andMichael Lofthagen, a first-year 
chemistry TA from Sweden. The 
undergraduates were Todd Stewart, 
EECS, and AS. president Dave 
Marchick, history 

The informal discussion began 
with Stewart and Marchick com- 
menting on their expectations of 
TAs. The TAs then responded with 
their wews about the position as 
well as the students' role. 

Stewart commented that TAs 
communicate differently than the 
professors. "It's easier to ask a TA 
specific questions. The TA offers 
something more familiar to the 
student. If the TA is well-prepared. 
~t is very helpful to hear an exten- 
sion of what the professor said." 

Marchick agreed and commen- 
ted on the student-teacher ratio, 
which makes the TA invaluable fnr 
personalized aid. "The role of the 
TA is just as important.. . [as the 
professor's]. Students comlng In 
find 300-400 [students] for one 
professor. There is also the prob- 
lem of intimidation.. . and a need 
for a one-to-one basis. The burden 
of a lot of instruction comes down 

on the TA. The situation is that an 
undergraduate [with a problem] is 
more l~kely to go to the TA." 

Woo defined the TA's job as try- 
ingWto solve problems fbr students. 
But also to communicate wlth the 
professor what problems students 
might be having." 

Lin stressed the importance of 
his work by stating that the posl- 
tion was not one to he taken lightly. 
"It's a responsibility. You are work- 
ing together as a team to be organ- 
ized with the schedule and rosters 
and constantly keeping contact 
with the professor. You have to 
care if the students are progress- 
ing. It's not just xeroxing the 
answers and handing them out. It's 
guiding the progress.. . You're not 
just gettingthe money you're get-., 
tlng the job [done]." 

Lofthagen then pointed out that 
TAs have recently learned the sub- 
ject themselves and can easily relate 
to the difficulties encountered by 
the students. "You can tell the pro- 
fessor what was too hard for the 
students because you had similar 
problems." 

Stacklin then asked what stu- 
dents expect from their TAs. Mar- 
chick stated four maln pomts, 

Please see DEBATE, page 7 

U.S. attorney's office reope1 
- 

F.B.1. uses student intern to gather info 
By LETICIA VILLARREAL Crabtree was among the approx- one photograph of carnage in Cen- 
staff Writer imately 20 individuals present that tral America suggested joining the 

day to protest the participation of C.I.A. and "helpingwith the compa- 
The United State's attorney's of- F.B.I.. C.I.A.. and armed forces in ny barbecue". 

fice has reopened a case that that event. The presence of the protestors at 
seemed over and done with when The protestors took over some the F.B.I. table created a volatile 
Chief U.S. District GordonThomp- tables reserved for the F.B.1. and situat~on when F.B.I. Special Agent 
son, Jr., at a pretrial hearlng on the C.I.A. before the arr~val of the Marene Allison arrived at thescene. 
August 3, dismissed a felony assault represintativesthese two agencies. Soon after a scuffle broke out be- 
Kristen Crabtree, a Third College On these tables they displayed tween Allison and Crabtree when 
honors student. The charge arose photographs of brutalities that they Crabtree tried to take a photograph 
from a May 14 i n i ~ d e n . ~  during a held these United States agencies ofAllison. In arremptingtoprevent 
Career Fair at the Career Center. responsible for. Thecaptionunder being photographed. Allison 

-- 

Dawn Marn~kun~an/(~~l~rr, i i  i l l  
V~ce-Chancellor Joseph Watson IS d~sturbed about how the FBI IS 
conductmg ~ t s  lnvestlgatlon of UCSD student Kr~sten Crabtree 

gabbed at Crabtree's camera strap 
(wh~ch  was around her neck), and 
yanked Crabtree toward her. The 
scuffle ended when Crabtree ap- 
parently bit the agent's finger. 

Several hourslater. Crabtree was 
arrested and spent a short time in 
jail charged with assaulting a fed- 
eral off~cer. 

At a pretrial hearing on Aug. 3. 
Allison stated that she attempted to 
stop Crabtree from taking her pic- 
ture because Crabtree and her fel- 
low protesters were wearing check- 
ered scarves that Allison associated 
with the Palest~ne Liherat~on Org- 
anization (PLO). Allison also stated 
that "Sometimes, the best defense 
is a good offense." 

Judge Thompson saw the latter 
statement as an indication that 
Crabtree had been assaulted by 

Top, L to R: John Andrews, director of TA development; Martha 
Stacklin, instructor for the Foreign TA Language Program. Bottom, 
L to A: Langfang Wu, Dave Marchick, Jou Lin, Todd Stewart and 
Michael Lofthagen. 

is Crabtree case 
Allison-not vice versa. Thompson 
was skeptical about the charge to 
begin with. but he sti!!reprtmanded 
Crabtree for biting Allison's finger. 
Thompson was much more critical 
towards the U.S. attorney's office 
for bringmg charges in the first 
place. He then dismissed the case 
on the grounds that the federal 
prosecutors had no legal bas~s  for 
charging Crabtree. 

The pretrial hearing seemed to 
close the case, but now the U.S. 
attorney's office has announced 
that ~t intends to appeal Judge 
Thompson's ruling. 

Others present at the scene of 
the scuffle did have some doubts as 
to who instigated the hght. Susan 
Brigham said. "1 thought it was 
somewhat of a joke. I thought Ithe 
F.B.I. agent] was acting paranoid, 
but maybe it was justified."Mrs. 
Brigham. the wife of Dr. H. Warren 
Brigham - representativeof the 
dental profession at the career fair 
- witnessed the incident as she 
sat momentarily for her husband. 
Neil Murray, director of the Career 
Services Center, said that Allison 
"definitely had an open cut on her 
finger"and that the entire incident 
happpened very quickly. and was 
o \ w  before we knew it." 

Dr. Joseph Watson. vice chan- 

cellor for undergraduate affairs. was 
very disturbed about how rhe F.B.I. 
went about building their case a- 
gainst Crabtree. or their effort to 
have Thompson's decision over- 
ruled. A UCSD student intern with 
the F.B.I. was given the job of gath- 
ering informat~on about Crabtree 
that could help the F.B.l.'s position. 

The administration found out 
about t h ~ s  through a term paper 
written by the student intern - a 
paper in which he outlined his 
involvement in the case. 

According to the ~ntem's  paper. 
he (the intern)looked into Crah- 
tree's "personal life" and went 
through the campus newspaper to 
determine ~f she and her fr~ends 
had committed any "deviant acts." 
"Everything that 1 found was used 
as evidence." the intern wrote in 
the term paper,"which gave me a 
feeling of satisfaction. It was in this 
way that I felt I was playing an 
important role in the judicial pro- 
cess." He also said that he was 
assigned to refute Crabtree's c lam . 
that she was taking pictures at the 
career fair for the new indicator. 

Dr. Peter Irons, an associate pro- 
fessor of political science and ad- 
visor to undergraduate law interns, 
regards ass~gning a fellow student 

Please see FBI, page 3 



2 r n G ~ ~  2 Thursday, October 8, 1987 
NEWS 

New law adjusts financial 
aid regulations 

The Higher Education Technical 
Amendments of 1987, signed by Presi- 
dent Reagan June 3, made 42 changes in 
student aid programs. The three most 
significant changes include a clarifica- 
tion of student income definitions, a 
revision of the definition is of independ- 
ent student status and the addition of 
achievements standards for students 
admined under the "ability to benefit" 
provision. 

Last month, these changes were 
incorporated into program regulations by 
the Department of Education. First. the 
portion of Title N assistancc. including 
Pell Grants, used to pay for tuition and 
fees for a course of study. as.well as 
books, supplies. transportation, and mis- 
cellaneous personal expenses. may not 
be considered as income or resource in 
determining a student's eligibility for any 
other program funded*in whole or in 
pan with Federal funds. The intent of 
Congress was to insure that student aid 
would not disqualify a person from food 
stamps who would othenvise be eligible. 
Previously, no portion of Title 1V assist- 
ance, except for Pell Grants. could be 
used as income or resource in determin- 
ing total income. 

Second, the definition of independent 
students has been clarified. A single per- 
son with no dependents, who was not 
claimed as a dependent by his or her 
parents for the two calendar years 
preceding the award year and demon- 
strates self-sufficiently for each year of 
the two years preceding the award year, 
would qualify as independent by demon- 
strating annual total resources of $4000 
in each of those years. Annual total 
resources now may include all students 
financial assistance, as well as other 
resources normally counted as income in 
meeting the requirement of this definl- 
tion. 

The third change reflects Congres- 
sional concern with higher educational 
standards. A low-income student who is 
admitted on the basis of "the ability to 
benefit," must now meet one of the fol- 

BLOOM COUNTY 

lowing conditions: (1)the student must 
receive the GED prior to graduation or 
by the end of the first year of study, whi- 
chever is earlier; (2) the student must be 
counseled before admission and must be 
enrolled in and successfully complete an 
institutionally prescribed remedial pro- 
gram not to exceed one academic year or 
its equivalent; or (3) the student must 2 
a standardized aptitude test, and if 
failed, the student must successfully 
complete an institutionally prescribed 
remedial program not to exceed one 
academic year. 

~ e w -  birth control methods 
available soon 

A wide ofvariety of safer and more effec- 
tive birth control methods will soon be 
available which will widen the range of 
choice for consumers. The advent of new 
methods will almost certainly complicate 
the current controversy regarding abor- 
tion and birth control. The use of new 
approaches includes long range of con- 
traceptives, "contragestives" taken after 
conception and abortificants. 

Several longterm contraceptives are 
being tested or used. One device is a 
simple implant placed beneath the skin 
of a woman's upper arm. I t  is considered 
to be just as effecrive as sterlization, and 
can be removed at any time. 

Another approach kills sperm with low 
level electricity. A tiny battery, which is 
placed in the cervix. produces enough 
electricity to kill sperm amd can be left 
in for up to a year. His inventor says it 
has proved 100 percent effecrive in 
animals but has yet to be approved for 
human use. 

New contragestives are also being 
developed. RU486 is a new birth control 
pill created in France. It does not prevent 
conception but prevents the fertilized 
egg from implanting in the uterus. Test 
have found it to be 70 to 85 percent 
effective, and it doesn't cause the vomit- 
ing or abdominal pain sometimes 
brought on by estrogen-based pills. 

New abortifacients include supposito- 
ries containing the drug prostaglandin 
which induces premature labor and 

causes the fetus to abort. In thc United 
States. they are only sold in hospi~i~!~.  but 
they could easily find their way into the 
public's hands. This new generation of 
birth control technology threatens to 
cloud the abortion controversy as well as 
the question of when human life begins. 

Dr. ~tienne-h mile Baulien, developer of 
RU486. does not consider it an abortifi- 
cant since the drug expetls the embryo 
before it becomes a fetus. Rut a conserva- 
tive congressman called RU486 a "death 
pill" and conservative pressure on Con- 
gress has prevented it from being tested 
here. 

Although the list of new breakthroughs 
is long and impressive. population con- 
trol activists think progress is being 
impeded. Were it not for political Oppo- 
sition and low funding by the federal 
government, development of even better 
birth control methods would be much 
farther advanced that it is. 

New fellowship program to 
aid females and minorites 

A University of California program 
designed to boost the number of minor- 
ity and woman faculty members by pro- 
viding postdoctoral research fellowship 
is now accepting applications for the 
1988-89 academic year. Program Coor- 
dinator Doris Fine said the President's 
Fellowship Program will select approxi- 
mately 20 new fellows, and renew fellow- 
ships for approximately 22 others. 

The program is now beginning its 
fourth year of offering postdoctoral 
research grants to woman and minorities 
in fields in which they are underrepres- 
ented. Preference is given to woman and 
minorities in mathematics, science and 
engineering. Minorities from other disci- 
  lines also re-encouraged to apply, Fine 
said. 

Although their numbers are increasing, 
Fine said woman currently comprise just 
13.8 percent of the tenure track faculty at 
UC, while Blacks comprise 1.8 percent 
and Chicanos 1.5 percent. 

"Through this program, we hope to 
enhance the competitiveness of out- 
standing minority and woman scholars 
for academic appointments at major 
research universities by providing them 
with research assistance and guidance 
toward of their academic careers." Fine 
said. 

Each fellow will receive a stipend rang- 
ing from522,OOO to 528,000 depending 
on the research experience.The program 

bv Berke Breathed 

WHN mLa ~ S I E  Y 
cmvtm AN OIHERWIZ 
RATWAL WOMAN 7U P/?MY 
HER PRIVATE5 727 Td& I 

also provides health benefits and up to 
$4,000 for relocation, research expenses 
and travel. In addition, the program links 
fellows w~th  a faculty mentor who can be 
important in helping them obtain aca- 
demic positions. Mentors can help show 
fellow "the ropes of academia." including 
how to present and publish their 
research results and pursue job openings. 
Fine-said. 

Applications will be accepted from 
citizens and permanant res~dents of the 
United States. Requests for applicarion 
materials should be addressed to: The 
Presidents's Fellowship Program. i3fficr 
of the President. University of Calltornla. 
359 University Hall, Berkeley. CA 94720. 
Conference on missionary 
efforts in China 

A conference focusing on the impact 
of American missionaries on U.S. atti- 
tudes and policies toward China is being 
sponsored Oct. 23-24 by the Asia Pacific 
Rim lnstitute of United States Intema- 
tional University. 

':The role and influence of missionary 
jounalists, diplomats and educators will 
be discussed in depth and the image 
making role of newspapers. magazines 
and books will also be examined. Indi- 
vidual missionaries who have played a 
particular unique and/or controversial 
role in Chinese/ American relations will 
also be featured," explains Dr. Patricia 
Neils, conference director. 

Features speakers at the conference 
will include Dr. Dong Leshan who is a 
research fellow at the lnstitute of Ameri- 
can Studies in Beijing and a former Luce 
scholar at Comell University. Dr. Peter 
Chen-main Wang, an associate professor 
of history at Tamkang University, Dr. 
Daniel Bays, director of the Center for 
East Asian Studies at the University of 
Kansas, Dr. Richard Madsen, director of 
the China Studies program at the Uni- 
versity of California, San Dego, and Dr. 
James McCutchen, professor of history 
and American studies at the University ' 
of Hawaii in Honolulu, and others. 

The conference is open to the public. 
Registration fee is $15 and the confer- 
ence sessions w~ll be held at the Man- 
chester Center on the campus of the 
University of San Diego. For more infor- 
mation on.the conference, contact 
USIU's Asia Pacific Rim lnstitute at 
10455 Pornerado Road, San Diego, CA 
92131 or telephone Neils at (619) - 
285-1160. 

- Compiled by Susie Bee1 



NEWS 

Language issue, others, dealt with in various wavs 
By JAMES PINPIN 
Staff Wri ter 

Problems concerning compefency o f  
teaching assistants (TAs), with emphasis on 
foreign TAs, and measures that might solve 
these problems were discussed in a meeting 
Sept. 17. 

This meeting was comprised of members 
of the faculty and administrative offices of 
the Graduate and the Undergraduate Stu- 
dies(chemistly, CSE, economics, ECE, math- 
ematics and physics), members of the Asso- 
ciatedstudents, and members of the Center 
for Teaching Development, which special- 
izes in TA training and development. 

Organized by Dr. Richard Attiyeh, dean of 
Graduate Studies, upon the request of AS. 
president Dave Marchick, this meeting fo- 
cused on the importance oLTAs in the 
UCSD academic system, the incapability of 
some TAs to teach their students, the prob- 
lems of training TAs, the language barrier 
between some foreign TAs and their stu- 
dents, and the implementation of a possible 
solution to this barrier. 
Importance and Incompetence 

"The emphasis on UCSD, where the one- 
to-one contact between the student and the 
instructor comes in, is not usually in a large 
classroom situation with the teacher. It IS 
with a TA. That makes the TA's job so much 
more important." Marchick said. 

Marchick emphasized that the TA prob- 
lems do  not exist only at UCSD, but are 
found nationwide, as shown by findings of 
the Carnegie Foundation on Higher Educa- 
tion and the Smelser Report. He also said he 
is glad the administration has heen very 
responsive in trying to solve these problems. 
The meeting, Marchick said, is a testimony 
to both these statements. 

Ellen Smith, a 6th-year math major who 
has taken numerous classes from chemistry 
to phys~cs  to philosophy and economics, 
spoke about instances where good TAs 
made significant and positive differences to 

her academic life. She talked also about her 
experiences with incompetent TAs who 
couldn't understand her questions. TAs who 
could understand, but who couldn't com- 
municate back, and who didn't care at all. 

In defense of foreign TAs. Smith emphas- 
ized that the language barrier is not the main 
problem. "I've had foreign TAs who couldn't 
speak good English, but were trying so hard 
and were meaning so  well that they ended 
doing well anyway, simply because they 
were really interested in doing well. There 
are [also incompetent] TAs who could speak 
perfectly good English," she said. (See related 
foreign TA orientation article in this issue.) 

Problems of Training 
Though some departments have suffi- 

cient TA training programs, others do not. 
The inconsistency of a TA trainmg policy 
among departments is a major problem in 
trying to train TAs. According to Marchick, 
there is no campus-wide, TA training policy. 
He views this to be a result of the diversity of 
TA training guidelines, and a lack of clarity 
of where responsibility rests for TA training, 
between the different departments and the 
Center for Teaching Development. And, 
though the center has a number of different 
programs that can develop and enhance the 
teaching capabilities of TAs, not all of the 
departments are taking advantage of the 
options available. 

"Each department is given autonomy. .. 
because they know the kind of student they 
have and the kind of teaching and informa- 
tion that the student needs to get from the 
TA," Martha Stacklin, language consultant 
for the center, explained. "Each depart- 
ment decides on whether they would like to 
use TA development as part of the student's 
TA training, of whether they would like to 
conduct their own TA training," she added. 

Another reason why all of the depart- 
ments are not using the center's training 
programs and other available resources is 
the lack of communication between de- 

partments and ihe center. It was discovered 
in the meeting that some of the department 
chairs were not even aware of the center's 
programs. 
The Language Barrier 

Another issue discussed at the meeting is 
the level of proficiency (or lack of) in the 
English language of foreign graduate stu- 
dents who become TAs at the university. 

A campus-wide solution to this problem 
is already being implemented by the Center 
for Teaching Development under the gui- 
dance of Ms. Stacklin andJohn Andrews, the 
center's director. The new policy, planned 
and recommended last year by a TA devel- 
opment advisory committee, requires screen- 
ing and if necessary, subsequent communi- 
cation skills training of all new foreign TAs. 

According to Dean Attiyeh, those who 
successfully pass the screening are not 
required to undergo the Foreign Teaching 
Assistant Language Program, while those 
who demonstrate need for communication 
skills training will have to succeed in the 
program before they are allowed to become 
TAs. He added that foreign students who 
test somewhere in the ""middle" will concur- 
rently be both a TA and a participant in the 
program. 

Ms. Stacklin explained that since this 
program is in its pilot year (this is the first 
year that the center has received enough 
funding to make the service campus-wide), 
most of the improvements will be organiza- 
tional and administrative. However, changes 
in her program will be made by using the 
feedback she gets from the training courses 
she teaches and from the research she has 
done. She also encourages undergraduates 
to continue to let the administration, and 
her, specifically, know how they feel about 
TAs and about her foreign TA training 
program. 

Marchick feels wary about the program, 
however. He explained that the university 
actually made agreements with these foreign 
graduate students - it will support them, 

while they study and do their research at 
UCSD. since they are not capable of singu- 
larly supporting themselves. Usually, sup- 
port would come in the form of TA posi- 
tions. Marchick questioned when a foreign 
student continually fails the screening pro- 
cess whether the universirywill give him the 
position anyway, ask the student to leave or 
find or create alternative means to support 
himself. 

"It's vital that the students, the staff, the 
faculty and the administration work on this 
problem together. The administration has to 
make it a priority in terms of funding and 
staff emphasis. The faculty must give the 
graduate students significant supervision 
and evaluation before and during the TA's 
instruction [of students]. Graduate students 
must take an active role in trying to improve 
their: [teaching] skills. Undergraduate stu- 
dents should take an active interest [by 
informing the faculty member if the TA is 
not acceptable]. [Finally]. 1 hope that the 
university's policy [concerning the foreign 
TAsl is strict and consistent." Marchick 
concluded. El 

FBI 
Continued hum page 1 
student to probe Crabtree's background as 
inapporpriate. 

Though Watson believes "both the stu- 
dent ... and other students in the presence of 
that student (the intern) would be limited in 
the campus dialogue." and that students 
investigating other students "has a ch~lling 
effect on the university, he emphasized that 
UC administrators planned no action against 
the studenr intern, norwould they protest to 
the U S  attorney's office. 

When asked to comment on her situa- 
tion. Kristen Crabtree refused; she said she 
holds the UCSD Guardian "part~ally respon- 
sible" for her plight because the Guardian 
runs advertisements for the F.B.I.. the C.I.A.. 
~ n d  the armed forces. 

BY SUSANNE & CHARMAlNE 
Women $1 7 (reg 425) 
Men $14 (reg $19) 
Haircut & Highlight $50 (reg q70) 
Haircut & Perm $50 (reg 6701 
MODELS  NEEDED 
FOR CLASSES 

- 
AUTO 

INSURANCE 
Need not be expensive 

Special College 
Student Program 
Call tor your FREE 

quote today! 

560-905 5 
Oak Leaf 

ATTENTION PIZZA LOVERS: 

PIZZERIA IL FORNO 
-NOW DELIVERS TO 
THE UCSD CAMPUS 

"Cooked In a 
trad~tlonal 
Itahan br~ck oven 

11, IIIILYO 

937 Prospect, Downtown La Jolla 



4 T h u r s d q  October 8, 1987 

Part I I 

GOP 0.k. for now 
By LEES.4 LIGHT 

Havinga GOP president in office 
could be either a blessing or a curse 
for the Republicans. The recogni- 
tion factor has certainly helped, 
but the Iran arms scandal has tar- 
nished the Republicans image. 

The Republicans running. are 
much better known than the Demo- 
cratic candidates mainly because 
of their current political positions. 
Although Vice President George 
Bush has not yet o f f i cdy  declared 
that he is running, he is on a Tam- 
paign tour. Currently. Bush is the 
most well known and the most 
popular candidate. In the past few 
days however, Bush has had to 
apologize for his loose tongue. 
Bush has not spoken out on many 
issues in the past, but he has begun 
to voice his opinions on a few 
issues in the last month. Bush is 
also a foreign policy man as can be 
seen by his rrave-Is rhrough many 
countries in the last few months 
and his work on international rela- 
tions. Bush 1s making a great effort 
to come out of his shell, although 
he has always been known as a 
middle ground man. 

Senate Minority Leader Bob Dole 
is also a well known candidate. He 
is currently running a close third in 
the polls. Bush 1s leading by a large 
percenr, Jesse Jackson is second 
and Dole is tailing Jackson by 
approximately five percentage 
points. 

Dole has taken some drastic 
measures to improve his stand- 
ings. He met with Nicaraguan Pres- 
ident Daniel Onega last month to 
discuss the current situation in 
Nicaragua and has been voting 
against Reagan's stand in recent 
senate conflicts. Dole is also famil- 
iar to many because his wife Eliza- 
beth was a secretary of Transporta- 
tion before she resigned to support 
her husband's campaign. 

Former Secretary of State Alex- 
ander M. Haig, Jr. is next in the 
polls. He stands on his foreign pol- 
icy experience and. though mark- 
edly conservative, he is making 

Reagan's international mistakes a 
major Issue in his campaign. 

The Rev. Marion Gordon "'Pat" 
Robertson is well known as the rel- 
evision evangelist who hosts the 
"700 Club." Robertson will have to 
project the ~ d e a  that he wdl not 
force his religious opinions on 
Americans nor will he determine 
public policy by them. 

Representative Jack Kemp and 
Pierre "'Pete" 5. du Pont IV, former 
Governor of Delaware-, are also 
running for the Republican nomi- 
nation. Both men are recognized to 
a degree, but nationally they need 
more exposure 

Harold Stassen, the 80-year-old 
former Minnesota governor, an- 
nounced last week that he will 
enter the race for the Republican 
nomination once agam This will 
be the eighth rime that he has run. 

While Vice President Bush has 
had the experience that a presi- 
dent needs (especially after the 
assasination attempt on Reagan) 
he seldom has an option of his 
own. People in positions ofauthor- 
ity need to seek counsel in their 
actions, but they should base their 
decisions on what advice they 
receive, and not just take things as 
they're given to them. All too often 
Bush letsothers influence hisviews. 
However, at the Republican con- 
vention Bush 'will most likely be 
billed as president w ~ t h  Dole as 
vice president. 

Dukakis is a good contender for 
the Democratic nomination for pres- 
ident. With Paul Simon or A1 Gore 
in the vice president slots things 
could pick up quickly. 

Others rhat have been continu- 
ally urged to run for president are 
Senator Edward Kennedy D-Mass., 
Governer Mario Cuomo D-New 
York. Senator Sam Nunn D-Ga.. 
and former Chief of Staff, Howard 
Baker-R. If  any of these men entered 
the race it would make a bigdiffer- 
ence especially for the Democrats. 
Unfortunately all of these men have 
firmly denied the rumors that they 
will enter the race. 

"HEY,. . . NOTHING PERSONAL RON - WE'RE JUST DRIFTING WITH THE POLITICAL TIDE.. ." 

NlKl NEWLANDS, Editor ln f h ~ f J  
ANGGIE LAPID, Managtng Edrtor 
PETER MESSROBIAN. News Edrtor 
KRISTEN McCLEARY, Fearures Edtlor 
JONATHAN SCHRETER, Sports Edrtor 
EVA WONG, Arts Ed~lor 

StaNWntem: Krn C a l i l n ~ t n . C r ~ c C l l ~ = ~ n k ~ n .  l~mciGtlmorc.Brtan Irow 
Rrhccca Jnunguc, Jriircv Klccn Karrn Kurnm. Rnbm Leone. P I I I I , ~  
L l a c p w n .  LarJ M~hnra.James P ~ n p ~ n  Lrrtcla V~lldrrcal 
Photographers: An Rep. K.lihlccn Donahue David Johnson  Rohm 
Lcanr Vncy lhngstrcct. Daan Mamikun~an Ann Pachon. Tat Rlsko. 
Caihltn iocrancc  h l~ch .~c l  LIpduld~n~ 
Illustrators: Rlck Ford. Osmand Holm-Hanscn. Gerardo stecca. Jell 

BRYAN BILYEU, Photography Edttor 
SEAN DUFFY, Graphics Edltor 
JOHN SHAW, Trarntna Director 

C I U ~ I I  
Typesetters: Kathy Allen. Lctlcta Gnmmar. Anggie Lapid. Lara M~hata 
Jcnntlcr M o p  Cathcr~nc Setdcl 
Production Crew Cynthta Campkll .  Scan L>ulfy, 5uzy Lam. Mcicdith 

KATHY ALLEN, ~ o p y ~ d l r o r  
SUSIE BEEL. Assoctale Arts Editor 
KATHLEEN DONAHUE, Photo Assistant 
STACY LONGSTREET. Photo Assistant 

I The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, LaJolla, CA 92093 Editorial (619) 534-6580 Business: (619) 534-3466 

Packcr. Todd Rappnrporr ~ c n ~ s f  Valenunr. ~ a h r ~ n a  <o:ournanc 
1 he LK5DG1mrd1an la  publ~shcd MondaysandThursdaysdur~ngrhc 

pcrmtsslon 1s str~rrly pnlh~h~red  01987, all rtfihts rcsrnred The 
Cuard~ati IS  not respnnsthlc for uncoltrirrd manuscnprs or a n  

V~cwscxprcssed in w r t n ~ a n d  ~ n e r a ~ h i c s  donot neccscarlIvrenrc~- 
~ ~ --..... 

MICHAEL FOULKS. ~ d v e r t i s i n ~  Manager 
THERESA JENNINGS, OJce Managev 

Kaleidoscope Gifts & Cards 

, . 

cnt the opinmns ol ihu ~ua-rdron.  thc Llntvers~tv oiCallfnrnta nor the 
Assoclarcd irudcnrs of LICSD. The G a n r d d s  ~d;tonals arc dctrrmtned 
by thc Edltor In Chtef. h4anaglngFdl tor .N~~'~  E d ~ t m a n d  thcOprniona 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 
(Next to Anthony's) 

MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad Designer Edttur 

I BACK TO SCHOOL I SPECIAL 

I the price of I 
I 

one on our 
I 

I I 
I self-senre I I I 
I machines. I 
I I 
1 Good through October, 1987 I 

I : 8855 W11a l a  Jdla Dr. I 
457-3775 ; I 

I Only one coupon per visit I 
b l I I I I I I I I I I " I  

Fantasy miniatures 
Robotech a n d  Japanese Animation 

A 
v ,  

@The Comic Gallerv 
I 4224 Balbw Ave. 675-8 N. Broadway Son Diego. CA 921 17 Escondido. CA 92025 

corner of Balboa & Clalremont  Dr Country Corner  Shopping C e n t e r  
- Next to Food Basket - a t  Broadway & Washington 
(61 9)  483-4853 (61 9) 745-5660 

All tnkr md characters TM d B 1987 DC Cwntcs I&. 



Aucsri>&2diwr Thursday. October 8, 1987 5 
OPINIONS 

Not just a matter of 
free speech 

Editor 
It seems to me that the people 

arguing against restricting the 
c.1.A. '~ advertisement in the 
Guardian are missing the point on 
why they should be restricted. Of 
course "discontinuing these ads 
will not seriously compromise the 
C.I.A.'s ability to attract people to 
their organization" (Letters, 1015). 
That is not the main purpose. Also, 
the restriction is not meant to 
"suppress the views of people w ~ t h  
whom you disagree" (Letters, 1 Oi5), 
although that could possibly be a 
by-product. 

The main purpose of restricting 
C.I.A. advertisements is to de- 
monstrate the newspaper's dis- 
agreement with the practices of the 
C.I.A. If the views of the C.I.A. were 
all that was at stake, this issue 
would be a different matter. Sadly, 
though, the C.I.A. does not only 
express views. but is capable of 
powerful action. This does not 
mean that the Guardian should 
closely scrutinize every advertiser's 
political practices and not print 
the ad if the editors disagree with 
the politics in any way. In the case 
of the C.I.A., however, the practices 
are sufficiently illegal and immoral 
to warrant such an action. For 
example, I don't think that the 
Guardian would allow the Klu- 
Klux-Klan or some terrorist group 
to advertise for membership re- 
cruitment. I do  not intend to equate 
the C.I.A. with such organizations, 
but 1 would say that their activities 
come sufficiently close. In the past. 
the C.I.A. has been proven to be 

part of assassination attempts. 
mining of international harbors, 
and the overthrow of legitimately- 
elected governments. Currently, it 
continues to be accused of such 
acts (see new book. Bob Wood- 
ward's "Secret Veil"). Should an 
organization that enganes in ter- 
ro;ist activity and a<sU(that run) 
counter to the principles this coun- 
try supposedly stands for, really be 
allowed to recruit members with 
the help of our own newspapers? If 
we let them do this. don't we 
become a party to their atrocities? 

Gregory Wilpert 

Hypocrisy at its very best 
Editor: 

1 was both annoyed and hu- 
mored when I read the article 
about members of the new indicator 
staff trying to steal and hide Issues 
of the Guardian. Annoyed because 
any person in our country, especial- 
ly someone that works for a news- 
paper, should respect freedom of 
the press as the foundation for pro- 
tecting individual liberties in our 
society. Humored because it was 
members of the new md~cator staff, 
the very same people that always 
seem to clamor loudest for freedom 
of the press, that were responsible. 

Although not directly stated. 1 
assume that Andy Howard and co. 
were redirecting Guardian newspa- 
pers as a protest against letting the 
C.I.A. advertise in the paper. They 
may have achieved their purpose 
(now, anybody who didn't know 
the new indicator was against the 
C.I.A. does), but at the price of try- 
ing to violate basic freedoms guar- 
anteed in the Constitution. 

The Guardian would be hard 
pressed to find many UCSD stu- 
dents who support C.I.A. or any 
type of human rights violations. 
But this is not the core of the 
dllemms. The dilemma is "'Does 
the C.I.A. have the right to adver- 
tise in the Guardian?" 

Many newspapers have "bad" 
advertisements. Who is not angered 
when they read of a famous person- 
ality dying oflung cancer and see a 
Camel's ad on the next page? I 
remember one time reading about 
the physical and psychological dam- 
age that can happen to people who 
lose weight very quickly by fastlng 
or severely reducing their food 
intake. Two pages later was a var- 
iety of ads for diet pills, outrageous 
diet plans, even liposuction surgery. 
What is going on here? Isn't the 
newspaper standing up for some- 
thing, and its very advertisements 
making a mockery of all it is trying 
to do? Again, like with most diffi- 
cult questions, the answer is not a 
clear yes or no, but somewhere in- 
berween. 

If newspapers refuse to run ads 
because they don't approve of it's 
contents (with exception to adver- 
tisements that are against local, 
state, or federal laws and regula- 
tions) they are denying their read- 
ers one of their most important 
freedoms: freedom of choice. The 
freedom to let the reader find out 
all he can about a product, topic, or 
institution so they can form o- 
pinions that they will stand behind 
with some son ofconviction. But to 
achieve this, readers must be given 
every opportunity possible to make 
rheir own personal judgements on 

what is the correct path to take or 
view to hold. Ifa newspaper begins 
to decide which it will allow. that' 
newspaper is denying its readers 
the opportunity to develop their 
own informed opinions about the 
world around them. It denies rea- 
ders the opportunity to learn all 
that is posslble on topics of mutual 
concern. Thls is what irritates me 
the most about Andy Howard's 
actions. He has tried to take away 
my option to choose a career in the 
C.I.A. by trying to hide the C.I.A. 
advertisement in the Guardian, 
along with the Guardian itself. 

I may join the C.I.A., even take 
pan in the human rightsviolations 
they are committing. and I may 
not. I may read the obituaries or 
health jounals and decide that 
cigarette smoking is not good for 
for me or I may see the Lucky 
Strikes ad and say to myself, "What 
the hell." However, it is my cho~ce. 
I take the consequences for my 
actions and for my opinions from 
the outcome of these decis~ons. 
But I don't think it is a newspaper's 
or any individual's place to limit 
the scope of my options by refus- 
ingcenain advertisements: So, wen 
though it's sometimes ridiculous, 1 
will stand behind a cigarette com- 
pany's right to try to poison people. 
And I will stand behind the C.I.A.'s 
right to try to recruit people to kill 
certain "communist undesirables" 
for the umpteenth time. Because I 
am not standing up for these groups' 
rights in order to protect the groups 
themselves. but in order to protect 
each individual's right to choose 
what path they want to take for 
rheir life. 

Mordecai Potash 

Editor's note: Andy Howard and 
Arnie Schoenberg are not members of 
the new indicator staJ 
. . .And then there's 
free speech 

Editor: 
In the October 1 issue of the 

UCSD Guardian you asked "wheth- 
er to accept C.I.A. advertisements 
or not." 

In my opinions there are a num- 
ber of good reasons why you should 
accept the advertisements. 

1. Freedom of Speech. News- 
papers should in general accept 
paid advertisements except when 
they are libelous or promote an 
activity which is illegal under 
national, state or local law. 

2. The fact that the C.I.A. has 
from time to time undertaken pro- 
jects and activities that are illegal or 
immoral does not make the entire 
organization repugnant. If this was 
the case, most organizations and 
all governments would be inher- 
ently repugnant and not worthy of 
space. The C.I.A. has a critically 
important function. namely. provi- 
ding intelligence about the actions 
of other nations and international 
organizations. Without this inform- 
ation, it would be impossible for 
the country to protect its interests 
around the world, monitor treaty 
compliance, protect against terror- 
ism, formulate effective foreign 
policy, or conduct any activity that 
requires detiled knowledge about. 
anything beyond our borders. 

3. The particular advertisement 
in question is not offensive except 
that i t  is the C.I.A. It is not pro- 
moting the activities that the C.1.k 

Please see LETTERS, page 6 

Extended Wear 
Package Plan! 
The Package Plan provides everything- from your new contact lenses 
to vis~on examinations and follow-up care. 

$890° Includes Exam Extended Wear Bausch & Lomb'" 
03/04 Lenses 

The package includes: Appointment must be made 
All professional servlces 
Complete eye examlnatlon before 10/18/87 
lncludlng glaucoma test and vlsual fields 
Lens evaluation and fittlng 
Pair of contact lenses for myopes (nearsighted) 
Care kit 
Full instruct~ons and trainmg 
Personal Vls~on Repon 
Two-month care program and money back guarantee ' 

M a n d a d  Vtvlccepled Evenly md 
.%~rd.y appommnn nvs~lable Rql-I 

PROFESSIONAL 
kns prre, run a $17 00 each 
Prs~cr Its=d arc mr m,qx~ ady &mr may vary. V ISIOCICO~~ 

CENTERS 
La Jolla Center Mission Gorge Center Downtown San Diego Cmter 
(Near UCSD) (Near Stadium and SDSU) (Near City College) 
325 1 Holiday Ct. Suite 203 10105 San Diego Mission Rd. 1399 Ninth Avsnuc, Suite I l l  
La Jolla. CA Suite 107 San Diego. CA 
(619) 457-1181 San Diego. CA (619) 235-0607 

(619) 283-9201 



6 Thursday, October 8, 1987 A ~ ~ ~ ~ G u c I & L  
OPINIONS 

should not be undertaking bur 
rather offering employment in an 
agency that does some good and 
some bad like most things in life. 
Our goal should be to exercise our 
influence through positive chan- 
nels to effect change. 

The debate about the activities 
of the C.I.A. is quite healthy and 
one hopes that it will encourage a 
change in the Agency's activities. 
Prohibiting the Agency from adver- 
tising reduces the opportunity that 
people with a social conscience 
will become interested and denies 
the possibility of change from 
within. 

Paul W. Eykamp 

Review responds 
Editor 

How delightful, and unsnrpris- 
ing, that I should be attacked in the 
Guardian after my graduation. Oh 
boy, trashed by the Guardian. I 
guess I've made the big time. 

Matt Smiley seems to have some 
serious problems with some of the 
things that I said in my article 

"Paning Shots" for the June Cali- 
fornia Revim. Let's examine a few of 
them. shall we? 

First, 1 was accused of being 
"deliberately sarcastic." Matt. of 
course it was deliberate. There isn't 
any other kind of sarcasm. A more 
pertinent question would be whe- 
ther the author of the critique of 
the Calfomia Reviav was bemg 
deliberately dumb. I f  he had bo- 
thered to check he would have 
found everything 1 ever wrote in 
the Review or in the Koala was sar- 
castic. His discovery is the equival- 
ent of pointing out rhat a circle is 
round. 

Then myjoiningthe Army comes 
under attack. Mr. Srniley asserts 
rhat I would be better off joining 
some son of computer firm that 
would better appreciate my "binary 
mentality." A good phrase. Mr. Smi- 
ley. It is as clever as it is intellectu- 
ally bankrupt, which is to say very. I 
suppose the binary comment was 
alluding to my black-and-white 
world view. Do I really see the 
world as black-and-white like Mr. 
Smiley suggests? You bet. 1 believe 
there is evil out there. I believe that 

no matrerwhat problems this great 
country of ours has that there are 
others out there who are mly  evil. 
others who murder for money and 
power. Others who enslave their 
people through totalitarian dicta- 
torsh~ps and lock them behind 
iron curtains guarded by barbed 
wire. land mines and machine 
guns. Black-and-white, good and 
evil. Do 1 see things that way asMr. 
Smiley says? I plead guilty. 

There are a few other things 
about his article which I would like 
to mention. He asserts, believe ~t or 
not, that the Guardian is somehow 
unbiased and objective. Oh Christ, 
that's a laugh. What about the spe- 
cial "We Love Communist Nicar- 
agua" and the Angela Davis cheer- 
leading issues, not to mention the 
shnll leftism of the editorial pages? 
See Matt, that's why 1 called the 
Guardian a wimpy would-be liberal 
rag - that's why even the leftist 
radicals on the new indicator can't 
stand it. You guys are on the left, 
but you aren't willing to come out 
and admit it. 

Lastly, and I think fairly dispi- 
cably, Mr. Smiley questions my 

joining the Army, cautioning me 
that it isn't going to help me in the 
future because there aren't any 
more cute little wars to fight. Unlike 
the careerist liberals rhat seem to 
permeate UCSD. I, and many other 
young conservatives. feel proud to 
give ourselves to serve our country. 
Mr. Smiley, 1 could have gotten a 
good job with my grades and cre- 
dentials. but l chose instead to"ask 
not what my country could do for 
me. but what I could do for my 
country." Yeah, I know you people 
don't understand that. You have 
your law schools to get into, your 
RMWs and CD players to buy 
There isn't any time to do some- 
thing for your country, no room in 
your busy careers for self-sacrifice. 

Of the three biggest conserva- 
tives on campus, myself, the edi- 
tor-in-chief of CR and ex-Senator 
Greg MacCrone, not one is our in 
the private sector. Two of us are in 
the Army and MacCrone is in 
Africawith the Peace Corps. Isn't it 
ironic that only the conserva~ives 
seem to be answering the call of 
liberal president JFK? 

Lastly, let me say that CR has 

been left in good hands and will 
continue to expose the leftist 
hypocnsy that infect UCSD regard- 
less of all the attacks it suffers. My 
advice to you young conservatives 
out there is get with CR: It's a great 
expenence and a lot of fun. 

And yes, Mr. Smiley. you are cor- 
rect in assuming that I worship 
Ronald Reagan. 

Kurt Andrew Schlichter 

Independent Suspension. 
What it did for the car, 
it now does for the 
tennis shoe. 

A simply constructed, conventional ten- 
nis shoe is fine as long as you stand still. 

But when you flex your foot to move, 
something's got to give. When flexed, 
conventional shoes distort to the point 
of sloppiness. 

We solved the problem by dividing the 
upper into two pans. When you go up  on 
your toes, this "action hinge" works like 

a body joint, smoothly mimicking your 
foot's flexing action. 

It's like independent suspension on 
a car. 

You get quicker, easier, more precise 
footwork. And comfort that lasts five sets. 

So if there's any danger your next oppo- 
nent will cause you to move now and then, 
get the tennis shoe that has moving parts. 

Independent Suspension For Your ~ 0 o t . T ~  
Call 1-800-223-4095. In Texas 1-800-292-5383. Ask for exr. 224 for Dealer nearesl vou. 

Viige Sports - La Jolla 
Movin Shoes - Mission Beach 

The Athlete's Foot - Fashion Valley 
Valley Sports - Horton Plaza, Fashion Valley 

Second Soles - all San Diego Locations 
Nordstrom's Locations: 
Horton Plaza, Fashion Valley La Jolla, Escondido 

STARTS FRIDAY 
MANN UNlVERStW AMC SANTEE VILLAGE 8 AMC WIEGAND PLAtA 
TOWNE CENTRE 9625 Misslon Gorqe Rd . 5 2  7910 220 Nonh El Carnmo Real 
La Julla Vlllage O w e  .452.7766 P A C ~ F ~ C ~ S  Enc~nttas . 942-5544 
MANN SPORTS ARENA SWEETWATER 6 THEATRES , S $ O ~ o ~ ~ d ~ R , l ~ E E - l N  
3350 Sports Arena Rlvd . 223-5333 Tcwn 8 Country Center 
PACIFIC'S 1.805 a1 Sweelwalcr. 474.8571 lrnneroal Beach .4?3-2727 
CENTER CINEMAS CASINO THEATRE 
1.8 a '  Stadlum Way - 297-3888 M 3  51 h Ave . 232 dR78 



2 UC~DGUCE+A~ Thunday, October 8. 1987 7 
NEWS 

Debate 
Continued kom page 1 
including ". .. the ability to com- 
municatewith the students, know- 
ing the material ]which is not a 
problem at UCSD]. feeling comfor- 
table and flexible - able to answer 
a questlon you weren't prepared 
for - and a clear grading policy 
Stewart added that undergraduates 
expect TAs to outline ways In 
w h ~ c h  they will he graded Ameri- 
cans arevery grade-conscious. They 
need to know what type ofjob they 
should be doing in order to know 
what type of grade they can get." 

U'hen asked what he in turn 

expected from the studenrs, Lofth- 
agen said, "You hope that they will 
have some questions for you. And 
you prepare yourself to answer 
them. It's hard if they don't have 
any questions. .. they just sit there 
and stare at you " 

Lin said that he expected stu- 
dents to come prepared with ques- 
tions. I t  is not acceptable to him 
that students come to section and 
try to make up a missed lecture. 

Woo hoped that her students 
would tell herwhat she could do  to 
Improve her personal teaching 
techniques 

Stackl~n then brought up the 
main question of the evening - 
the prohlrrn ofstudents not under- 
sranding the TAs' accent5 Mar- 

chick noted that most smdents 
usually are more concerned with 
"... just getting by than dealing 
with the professor or TA." Usually. 
Marchick said. the studenrs simply 
transfer to a different section when 
there is a problem w ~ t h  the TA. 

Besides changing sections, Mar- 
chick suggested another way of 
facilitating understanding between 
the students and the TAs. "Both 
parties are going to need to make 
an effort to give the other a little bit 
of a chance instead of trying to 
escape the problem. On the other 
hand. the TA has the responsibility 
of not consideringthis asjust ajob. 
but to sincerely try to improve the 
communication and to take the 
Enqlish classes offered " 

Lin advised the foreign TAs to 
make the best of a difficult situa- 
tion: "You are doomed to he here 
for 3 or 4 years. You have to learn to 
cope with the situation. It's going 
to be good for you. 1 thought 1 was 
competent enough and didn't need 
to take the program, bur 1 took it 
and learned a lot." 

Woo admitted that when she 
first came to Amer~ca she was very 
nervous because she lelt uncomfor- 
table with her English. "I tell stu- 
dents that in the beginningl expect 
to have some prohlems. The situa- 
tion has improved a lot. A profes- 
sor told me that students preferred 
me over the Anier~can TA desplte 
the language prohlrm because 1 
was more cnnscienrious. 1 r edy  

recommend that the undergradu- 
ates tell the TAs what they can do to 
improve." . 

After the discussion, Andrews 
said that he was pleased to see 
undergraduates taking the issue 
senously enough to attend such a 
meeting. 

Warren junior Pam Conley com- 
mented that two of her best TAs 
were from Mexico and Nigeria. "At 
first it takes a while, but then you 
get used to it Just like an English or 
Southern accent. They bring cul- 
ture, ideas, and a different way of 
life. I t  makes you reahze that there 
is more to this earth than America, 
and ~t'sjust going to help you in the 
long run." 

I !  1 frl I 
~ , , o " ~ '  

'! 1- d,\\oQe Of j i 
,j j LO Pi!o 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 1: I i 

e c e = ? F ~ E ! ~ ~ e ~ y ~ ~ ~ ~ E ! E E  
ALL %AMERICAN MEAL 

Quarter Pounder "with Cheese, Large Fry. 
Medium-Size Soft Drink Cash value: i /20 of I cent (1 

present coupon when ( 1  ordering. Not valid with (1  any other offer. 

\ *  me Best: Shorn in Town are 2: i 
1 

m a  

NEW RELEASES: ANGEL HEART & 
Q ELIND DATE STAR TREK IV 

MANNEQUIN RAISING ARIZONA 
COMING SOON OCT. 14 - PLATOON 

Thousmds of Mcvrps tn Choose From 
Nu fieposit Requ~red I<,r qt, ~rfri~o r r r , t t . f \  
Movies, VCR\, Cameras tl, Accessorres For Sale or Rent 

Brlng This Ad Monday thru Thursday to Rent 
one Movie and Get a Second Rental for FREE! 

(Coupon Good Mon -Thurs Only] 
8843 Vllla La Jolla Dr. - Ralph's Center 

Between Crown Books and Sav-On 
HOURS: Sun.-nun. 11 am-8 pm/Frl.-Sat. 11 am-10 pm 

450-1 554 La Jolla 

Two great waF to cruise through the semester. 
The bani on the left is poised on &at cuulcl be the most e:sential part 
of !lour education. 

A Macintosh'" computer. 
And the hand on the right is gripping pure, simple, unadulter- 

ated fun. 
A Honda Scooter. One we're gibing away 
All you have to do for a chance to drive it aww is visit your campus 

computer center and fill out an entry form. While you're there, take a 
Macintosh for a test drive. 

Because Macintosh can help you write term papers, categorize 
elements of the periodic table, plot the rise and fall of pork-belly 
prices, compile computer code, and talk to other computers. 

And the first 2 j0 people on campus who get behind a mouse, so 
to spek, will receive a free Apple" memo board. 

So head over to your campus computer center today And ask 
about our Student Financing Program. 

Who knows? You may soon find yourself cruising a little farther 
than you expected. 

HONDA (L, Test drive a Macintosh. You may ride awav J on a Honda Scooter. = 
Enter September 2 1 -October 30 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 



.*-, n 8 5  - e . . ~ -~ .  

8 Thursday. Octaber 8. 1987 

Survev charts UCSD's AIDS awareness 
By KRISTEN McCLEARY 
Featurer Editor 

From the condom vending machines in 
campus restrooms to news about the latest 
research at the UCSD Medical Center, to 
the diminishing use of the phrase "one 
night s t a n d  in college circles, ~r 's  hecom- 
ing increasingly clear that the AlDS virus is 
having a sign~ficant impact o n  the UCSD 
cornmuniry 

Last spring, a student intern with the 
Student Hearlh Service (SHS) decided to 
monitor and measure UCSD student atti- 
tudes toward AIDS as well as their knowl- 
edge of the disease. Susie Nyenhuis, a bio- 
chemistry major who has beZn a student 
health advocate for two years. spent the 
quarter planning and administering an 
AlDS awareness survey to 220 undergrad- 
uate students. Over the summer she com- 
piled her data and analyzed the findings 
whereby, she explained, the "[SHS] could 
target groups of people who were misin- 
formed or uninformed and educate them 
(about AIDS)." 

What Nyenhuis found was an attitude 
prevalent among college students which 
she refers to as the "immonaliry complex." 
"They I students] have a tendency to believe 
that things will always be as they are now. 
Ir's a short range thinking. Ir's difficult to 
educate people on things that they don'r 
think will affect them."she said. 

According to Nyenhuis, a persistence in 
the belief thar AIDS is a "gay disease" and a 
belief by some that "those infected with the 
virus somehow desetved it." were existing 
and dangerous misconceptions. "There's a 
lot of homophobia out there, in sociery." 
she said. 

Those found to he least informed about 
AIDS were a group of college freshmen. To 
increase the flow of information targeted at 
this group. SHS puts AlDS brochures into 
the dorm packets handed our ar the 
beginning of the quarter. They also pro- 
v ~ d e  speakers to lecture on the issue at 
each dorm. 

But in.formation alone is not enough to 
combat the spread of AIDS and assure stu- 

"[Students] have a 
tendency to believe 
that things will al- 
ways be as they are 
now. It's difficult to 
educate people on 
things that they don't 
think will affect them" 

-S. Nyenhuis 
student intern 

r B U S I N E S S  r S E R V I C E S  r 

Word Processtrig WLri Laser Pr-~ritriy 

A Free Pick-Up & Delivery A Macro Cassette Transcribing 

A Repork/Manuscripts/Theses A Each Job lndiv~dually Quoted 
A Always a Student Discount A Fast Turn-Around 

Ask for Diane 

a Jolla Office Supply 
SCHOOL SUPPLIES 

Typewriter ribbons Paper Writing suplies 

FOR THE OFFICE 
Furniture Files Organizers 

1 10% OFF FOR UCSD STUDENTS & STAFF 

I 7441. Girard Ave. (Down from the Pannikin) 454-7 147 

*- 
I 

I 

I 
I 

I 

I 

Free Pick-upIDelive" 

Toner Distributors 

Laser Printer* 
P.C. Copier Owners 

* H.P. LarcrJel, Apple Lasrr\Vriter. 
Corona LP300 etc. 

Don't discard 
your used cartridges. 
Get them recharged. 

Co~icrs Printers 

BE OVER 
40 AND 
LOVE IT! 

KapIanSs LSAT prep 
course helps more students 
score %over 40" than any 
other test prep firm any- 
where. Call! 

gKAPLAN 
STANLEY H.KAPLAN EDUCAnONALCtNlER LTD. 

dent safery. Nyenhuis stressed that a 
change in behavior is the only way to avoid 
sexual contamination on a large scale. 
remarking that some of the people who 
were aware of the dangers of the disease 
still had more than one sexual partner and 
did not necessarily use condoms during 
sexual intercourse as a preventive mea- 
sure. "There are over one million teen preg- 
nancies every year. This shows two things. 
One, they [teens] are not using condoms 
and, two, they're not being responsible. 
41DS can be spread through this popula- 
tion too easily," Nyenhuis said. 

College is a time when people are at one 
of the h~ghest risks of contracting the dis- 
ease. The fastest growing group of AIDS 
patients has been identified as the years 
from 24-29. Given a 5-7 year latency 
period this information means the people 
are becoming infected and exposed to the 
virus from the ages 19-24. during the col- 
lege years. "The experimented attitude of 
college students combines with their 
immortatlity complex to make this a very 
dangerous age. [Students] gamble their 
lives in the heat of passion," she said. 

Nyenhuis suggests that the best protec- 
tion against AIDS remains abstinence, or a 
completely monogamous relationship, pro- 
vided. of course, that neither partner has 
been exposed to the AIDS virus previously. 
"I don't think enough is said about absti- 
nence. In younger age groups it shouldn't 
be stressed when you have sex, but rather 
that it's a choice to have sex or not to have 
sex," Nyenhuis added. 

The SHS will be talking more about pre- 
venting AIDS during the seventh week of 
fall. UCSD's AIDS education work group 
will be sponsoring the first AIDS Aware- 
ness week at this time. 

Last March, the number of heterosexual 
AlDS cases equalled thar of the homosex- 
ual population five years previous. The 
rapid spread ofAIDS into this larger popu- 
lation group worrles Nyenhuis. "1 don't 
think people are going to change or listen 
seriously to what health educators say until 
AlDS becomes real to them.. . by then it will 
be too late." 

- 

I ON XEROX 9500 WITH UCSD ID I I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I Business Cards Full Bindery Printing 1 
: Typesetting ColorCopies Free: 
: Collating UCSD Purchase Orders Welcome! I I 
: COPY I 701 Pearl St. I 
I : COVE E JOLIA 456.2444 : I 

ONE DOLLAR A DAY! 
STUDENT SPECIAL - Minimum 30 Days 

Cruisers 5 / l O / l P  Speeds Mountain Bikes 
Rent by: Day/Week/Month 
FREE LOCKS, MAPS 275.9644 



Thursday, October 8, 1987 9 

FEATURES 

Get your fresh fruit fill-up here at UCSD 

Mia Vaughnes serves students a healthy treat from the fruit cart 
she opened this fall. Working through the Food Co-op, Vaughnes is 
able to offer good food at a good price. 

By REBECCA JAURIGUE 
Staff Writer 

"Forty pounds of oranges, 80 
pounds of apples, 120 pounds of 
bananas. 50 pounds of grapes, 6 
boxes of raspberries. 12 papayas, 
some figs and pomegranates.. . ." 

Mia Vaughnes listed a ,recent 
delivery for the Food Co-op's new 
fmit cart: 

"Th~s is organic fresh fruit." said 
Vaughnes, "grown and harvested 
w~thout any synthetic pesit~des." 

Vaughnes, a senior Political 
Science and Econom~cs major, 

"After a few years 
at UCSD, I was 
ready to do some- 
th ing to  br ing 
about a sense of 
community here." 

-Mia Vaugnes 
came up with the idea for a fruit 
cart last year. "After a few years at 
UCSD. I was ready to dosomething 
to bring about a sense of community 
here," Vaughnes said. Friends had 
told her about the successful fresh 
fmit cart at San Francisco State. On 
what many see as a health-con- 
scious campus. Vaughnes felt that 
the same idea would go over well at 
UCSD. 

Vaughnes surveyed 150 UCSD 
students for their response to a 

fruit cart on campus. She also 
compared the market pricing, qua- 
lity. and availability of fruitin other 
stores. "Ninety percent of the peo- 
ple supported the idea." Vaughnes 
s a ~ d .  "Even though it was a small 
sample, there was a proven de- 
mand." 

You 
Thou ht 

You 
Couldn't 

Start 
At The 

I 

Other companies talk about be- 
ing a leader ... May Department 
Stores Com~anv is the bench- 
mark for that comparison. Sales exceed $10 billion annualiy and May 
has achieved 12 consecutive years of record sales and earnings. Our 
talented, innovative team achieved this record. 
Others talk about promotion from within ... May does it. We are looking 
for achievers to join May and to continue our record-setting style. 
Other retailers are recruiting buyers.. .We're looking for vice presidents. 
We'll provide the coaching, counseling and training to help you reach 
your potential. Our compensation levels are aggressive. 

Stop by our Open House 
Career Services Center, Multi-Purpose Room 

10:OO a.m.-4:00 p.m. 
Thursday, October 8,1987 

Bring your resume 

MAY The ~ a y  Department Stores Company, st. Louis, Missouri 

Last spring Vaughnes took her 
idea to the Associated Students 
(A.S.), showing that her plan would 
be "operationally feasible." She was 
told that, as an independent ven 
dor, the plan would nor work. The 
A.S. advised her to submit a prop- 

Please see FRESH, page 10 

Friday, Oct. 23 7-1 1 PM 
Join our crew aboard theshineon forastarsearch. Wew~ll board theship 
at duskand sall the local watersaswetake ~n the beautyofthe wenlng stars 
and discover the mysteries of astronomy from our local expert, JohnMood 
We will prov~de transportation to the boat or you may drive yourself. Cost is 
$10 for students and RecCard holders and $14 for all others. See you there1 

Signup and details at Campus Recreation ~44037. 

JOIN THE HAPPY HOUR! 
30% OFF BEER SHIRTS 

SAVE ON EVERY BEER TANK, T-SHIRT 
AND SWEAT IN OUR HUGE STOCK! 
Now from $7.00 
Choose from Corona, Dos XX, Tecate, 
Hussongs, Bartles & Jaymes & much more 
San Diego's finest selection of beer 
and wine logo tanks, t-shirts & sweats 

(With This Ad Only Thru 10/11/87) 
EVERY HOUR IS A HAPPY HOUR AT PACIFIC EYES & T'S - 

THE WORLD'S FINEST SUNGLASS STORE! 

yacific €yes & Tk 
racific Beach (Promenade Shopping Center) 581-6769 
Clairemont Square 272-8808 
La Jolia Village Square (next to Kinko's) 5354365 
Encinitas (Lumberyard) 942-0337 

NOW OPEN: La Jolla (next to Alfonso's) 1241 Prospect 454-7532 



10 Thursday,October8, 1987 2 U~CBGU&ZR 
FEATURES 

Fresh fruit fill-up universiry-controlled funds. The fruit cart is an expression of the Food Co-op's success.' 
'With the co-ops, students have 

Continued from page 9 oriented, the capacity to innovate and pursue 
osal to join an  already existing bus- At about the same time, the Food their interests. It's a way to hterally 
iness. The A.S. also demonstrated Co-op approached Vaughnes with apply what you're learning in school 
'risk-aversion' to the plan for a fruit their own proposal to take on her to a real work situarion,. she con- 
can, Vaughnes said, because the plan for a fruit can. Vaughnes tinued. 
Grove Caffe had just been estab- agreed that this was a better way to so how has the can fared, lished. She said that the AS. was go. 'The fruit cart is run by surplus 

"People really like the idea'that 
wary of becoming too food-service income of the Food Co-op; not this is organic fruit, It-s wholesome 

and inexpensive." Vaughnes said. 
"Whether the fruit sells or not, the 
biggest success of the fruit can is 
that it represents a bit of progres- 
slon on this campus " 

The fruit cart, located by thegym 
steps, is open from 10-3 Mon 
through Friday. 

5325: IJ Jcifa Scen~c ~ I V P  Fvorth 
t+"mhp 3 ? 

Dr. Clalr Edwb BPEIR-~, IPbvlste~ 
I In f~rmai  B~ble Study - Coe;, Forum 

L 1 9 a.m Sunday Mornmg A coffee/donutlc 
i Larry Fnk - 265-8185 or 453-3550 

A oonsoring Congregation or U n k e  C Ministry 

Great taste begins at the Salad Bar 
that never ends. Come in today 
and satisfy your hearty appetite. 
- EGoy a 10% Student Discount * - 

SOUP AND SALAD BAR RESTAURANTS 
OPEN DAILY 11:OO am-9:30 pm 

La Jolla: 7777 Fay Avenue 0 459-0212 
Keamy Mesa: 7305 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 576-0622 

La Mesa: 7984 La Mesa Blvd. 0 697-8561 
*At these wdcipafing mstamnt~.  Please show UCSD ID. 

AT T Y E  GUARDIAN 

UCSD Department of Theatre presents the 
AMERICAN PREMIERE of ATIS Theatre of Greece in 

BACCHAE 
TWO NIGHTS ONLY - October 16 & 17 
$15 (GA), $8 (ST) Tickcts available at University Events Box Office in Studcn~ 
WARREN THEATRE 8 pm Center. Mandell Weiss Center Ticket Ofticc and Warren 

Theatrc on nights of pcrfor- 

CALL 534-4574 NOW mancc (subject tii  availability I. Visa/MC. 

MUIR 
GRADUATING 
SENIORS 

Appointments are now being made for 
applicants for Fall, 1987 graduation to 
schedule their Final Degree Check. 

Deadline to schedule your appointment 
is Friday, October 9, 1987. 

You will not graduate if you do not 
have a final degree check. 

Make your appointment immediately by 
coming to the Muir Advising Office, H&SS 2126, 

or by calling (61 9) 534-3580. 



ba /boa tra vel 
incorporated SKI TAHOE, TA&. MI. BACHELOR 

Rwndtrip Aito Reno, Albequerque or Bend 
I nts Accommo&tiom in hotel choice 

Rates 5 full days l f t  tickets 
Per Person 7 doys use of skierized mid-size car 
Include: with 100 free miles per day 

Prices starting from $541 .M) (Varies with Dates & Destination) 

PIAN NOW FOR THANKSGMNG 
AND CHRISTMAS BREAKS!! 

L 4 OPEN SAT. 9-1 z 
324 4 Holiday Court. La Jolla CA 92037 6 

452-1 981 

Coi 
for rent 

IBM Compatible! 

call 

273-1 004 

Volunteers Needed For 
Asthma Study 

0 Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation needs 
people with allergic asthma which is caused by 
exposure to animal dander, particularly cat 
dander, or ragweed pollen. The study involves 
the effectiveness ofa new medication for this 
type of allergic asthma. 

C Voluntees will be paid for their participation 
and receive free treatment. They must be no 
more than 60 yeas old. Other restrictions apply. 
For more information, call 455-8930. 

F l  SCRIPPS CLINIC 
AND RESEARCH FOUNDATION 
10666 Nonh Tonw Pines Road. La Jolla. CA 92037 

TUESDAY, OCT. 13 5 - 7PM 
An opportunity to buy, sell or trade outdoor equipment 
and clothing. This went is open to the general public so 
invite your friends and neighbors. 
The UCSD Outdoor Equipment Rental Service will also be 
selling some of its rental equipment at very reduced prices. 

Fbr details call Campus Recreation at X44037 

STUDENT SPECIAL! 
$10 Haircut - Men Women - $14.50 (Styling e&ra) Q3750 Perm-lstTimeOnly 

Reg. $75 (inc. Cut & Style) 
(Long hair slightly extra) 

OPEN: Fl-P 10-9 PN 
S A T S ~ R ~ .  sunn-ssn 455-1700 
La Jolla Village Square - May Co. mall 

(With this Ad only) 0 
d~ DeI Mar Discs 

We S3ratch Your CD Itch 
We're the first and last word in compact discs, with over 
5,000 titles, specializing in rock, jazz and new age. We 
buy and sell used discs, feature weekend specials and 

special order any disc we didn't cam/ at  no extra charge. 
And we welcome UCSD students with this offer: $1 Off per 

disc when you buy 2 or more discs and show this coupon. 

Del Mar Discs 
1130 Camino Del Mar 

Open everyday. Just 10 minutes from campus. in the heart of old Del Mar. 
Expires 10/45/a7 

Avant-Garde Jazz Pianist I 



Tritons 
lose in 
overtime 
2-1 loss 
breaks 5-game 
win streak 

By MATT STEUERWALT 

It wasn't only the weather that 
was cold Wednesday afternoon. 

As the clouds blew over and the 
wind dropped the temperature, 
UCSD and CSU San Bernardino 

-\ fought out their men's soccer games. 
In fact, there was more fighting 
than soccer in the first half. Each 
team had one yellow card; UC had 
13 fouls and CSU had 12. The Trit- 
ons took one more shot than CSU, 
but did not put one of their five 
shots on goal. 

The second halfwas more of the 
same. As the weather got colder, so 
did the play. The ball went back 
and forth quickly, as each team 
looked for the one chance which 
would produce the winning goal. 

UCSD had several opportuni- 
ties. They had more than enough 
free kicks, but couldn't execute any 
of the tough chances off their set 
plays. Several comer kicks also 
went off the mark, a s  the offensive 
problems that have plagued the 
Triton men all year continued. 

But solid defense kept the game 
scoreless. CSU only got off two 
shots the entire second half, neither 
of which was anywhere near the 
goal. 

Regulation time ended abruptly, 
and seemingly early after the Trit- 
on's best scoring chance of the 
game was saved by San Bemardi- 

. - 

no's goalie. With no score, the 
game went to overtime. 

So the two captains met again at 
the middle of the field for the coin 
toss. UCSD won, -but could not 
build an  attack. The only time they 
spent near the goal was when Scott 
Goodman picked up his second 
yellow card and was ejected. This 
left the Tritons to play one man 
short. They managed to hold off 
San Bernardino, and the game 
moved into the second overtime. 
st111 scoreless. 

Despite the man disadvantage, 

Ken Reinstein/Gumlain 

Clockwise from left: Junior forward Erik Dingwall avoids two Cal State defenders in a Triton offen- 
sive. Junior forward Scott Hyver looks upfield for a potential pass. Sophomore forward Scott 
Rommel (# I  1) slide tackles CSU forward. Bottom: Scott Hyver on another offensive maneuver. 

UC finally heated up  for the attack. Only four minutes later, it. and the ball slipped past a div- 
second overtime. They kept the they got the equalizer. It came ing Gary Stadler. 
ball at the CSU end, getting a again on a corner kick where the 
comer kick. When the ball bounced ball was free In the m~ddle.  Chuck With minutes left in 
free. Mike Lodoen took control and Campbell managed to aet a foot on Please see SOCCER, page 13 
found Dain DeForest in front of the 
goal. DeForest drilled a shot which 
took off through the heavy crowd, 
and was past CSU's goalie before 
he could react. 103 minutes into 
the game. San Diego had the lead. 

Unfortunately for them, soccer 
overtime is not sudden death. With 
only seven minutes remaining be- 
tween them and a loss. 17th-ranked 
San Bernardino put on a desperate 

~ " " m m m m "  

I WHYWAIT 
FOR SNOW? I 

GET READY K)R 
SKI SEASON NOW I 

I 2 F O R I  
W SKI LESSONS 

AU AGES 81 ABlUTlES 
Beg~nners to advanced Two adults' or 

two chlldren s 1st lesson on the 
revolving carpet fw the price of one All - 

equ~pment ~ncluded W ~ t h  this od I 
Exp~res 10/31/87 

d HAN&N'S 5 F 
1105 First St 3081 Clairemont Dr. ' 

ii Encmitos 942-2188 Son Diego 275-4754 I 

Play off 
preview 
It's gonna be 
a close one! 

By JONATHAN SCHRETER 
Sponc Editor 

Looking back at my pre-sea- 
son preview (Guardian issues 
3/30 and 4/16), all 1 can say IS, 
"So, I was wrong. but damn. I 
was close!" I picked the Mets in 
the National League East, the 
Reds in the West and the Blue 
Jays and Royals in the American 
League. And wouldn't you know 
it, they all hnished second. 

But now the regular season is 
over. Time to get down and 
dirty and stan playing some 
ball. The playoffs: where the 
men are separated from the 
boys (as opposed to the World 
Series, where one team reaches 
immortality). 

The National League playoffs 
will be close: Two teams with a 
lot of power and a lot of speed. 
Already split at 1-1, the series 
could go all seven games. The 
Cardinals are hoping for a 
speedy recovery from injured 
slugger Jack Clark, who is out 
with a sprained ankle and not 
expected to return until at least 
game six, which could spell 
Giant vlctory. But don't count 
the Cardinals out yet. Berween 
Vince Coleman and Ozzie 
Smith, they still have speed en- 
ough for a track team and a set 
of hitters in Willie McGee, 
Tommy Herr and Teny Pen- 
dleton that are just as capable of 
producing runs (if not moreso) 
than their leader Clark. 

The Cardinal speed also 
creates a superb defense, capa- 
ble of closing gaps quickly and 
holding down the number of 
extra-base hits. They did itTues- 
day and they will, without a 
doubt, do  it again throughout 
the series. 

So the Giants have their work 
cut out for them. They aren't too 
worried about the speed. Giant 
catchers Bob Brenly and Bob 
Melvin have caught Coleman 
five out of eight times during the 
regular season and Brenly caught 
him again in game one. As for 
offense. the Giants specialize in 
the long ball. They will rely on 
Will Clark and Jeff Leonard to 
provide the unnecessary punch 
to produce runs, and they won't 
be disappointed. It'll be close. 
but if 1 had to make a pick: 
Giants in seven. 

The American League playoffs 
will be filled with runs. Both the 
Minnesota Twins and Detroit 
Tigers are known for their power 
and with a possible four games 
in the Homerdome? We're talk- 
ing football scores. And this one 
will be close too! 

In terms of post-season play, 
the Twins have been at home 
watching the playoffs at home 
for the past 15 years. while the 
Tigers have been quite involved. 
having been the world cham- 
pions only three years ago. The 
Tigers are also tkx fa\.oritc due 
to final records. Had the Twins 
been in the American Le~gue 
Please see PREVIEW, page 13 



-&1/rr?)G~~12diwr Thursday, October 8, 1987 13 
SPORTS 

Soccer 
Continued from page 12 

this chilling marathon game, ir 
seemed destined that ~t would tin- 
ish in a tie. But with only 75 
seconds to play. CSU took a long 
cross to the left wing. where Jerry 
O'Hara gathered up the ball and 
drove to the goal. He beat Stadler 
wirh a low shot to the far post, and 
CSU had a stunning 2-1 victory. 

It had to be a devastatingloss for 
the Tritons. They can't be too 
pleased wirh the sloppy game, and 
they have to be totally frustrated 
with ~ t s  outcome. The game was 

filled with lots offouls. several very 
questionable call's, and jusr a little 
bad luck. But after taking the lead 
w ~ r h  so little time left. they had to 
believe they were gomg to wln. 

Instead, they were left standing 
in the wind, wondering just what 
had gone wrong. El 

Preview 
Continued from page 12 

East, they would have finished 13 
games out of f~rst. So the Twins are 
def~nite underdogs. But I'd like to 
see them make it: Twins in seven. 

UCSD hosts public tournev 
The UC San Diego's men's 

tennis team will host a men's 
tennis rournament. open to rht 
public. on October 16. 17 and 
18. The tournament will be held 
at L'CSD's newly resurfaced Muir 
tennis courts, located near the 
corner of North Torrey Pines 
Road and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Kegistration deadline for the 
UCSD Men's Tennis Open is 

1 
16 at 2:00 pm. Prizes, compli- 
ments of the Racket Stringing 
Workshop, will be awarded in 
gift certificates of $100 for first 
place, $50 lor second place, and 
825 for third and fourth place. 

For entry forms or further 
information regarding the tour- 
nament, contact UCSD tennis 
coachJon Hammerstein at (619) 
534-421 1. or ~ i c k  UD a form at 

Tuesday. October 13  he tour- the Canyonv~ew athletic com- 
nament w~ll  begn on October plex at UCSD. 

Guard~an file photo El 



14 Thursday, October8, 1987 A # f l t D G ~ r r & n  
SPORTS 

50% off 
HAIRCUTS 

1st rime clients only 
(regularly A 17.50) 

7541 Eads Ave 
La Jolla 

456-3880 

AITEIYTION: UCSD WOMEN & MEN 

WOMEN'S STUDIES CONFERENCE 
OCTOBER 16 & 1 7 , 1 9 8 7  

FREE AND OPEN T O  THE PUBLIC 
PHday, (Mober 16, in TLH 107: 
Keynote Address: 
The Role of Women's Studies in Higher Education Today 
Dr. Nan Keohane 8:00  p.m. 
President, Wellesley College 
Saturday, October 17, in TLH 104: 
Dr. Evelyn Fox-Keller 1O:OO a.m. 
Northeastern University 
(1987-88: Institute for Advanced Studies, Princeton) 
Feminist Perspectiues on the Natural Sciences 
Dr. Virginia Olesen 11:OO a.m. 
University of California, San Francisco 
Women: Health and Healing Issues 
Dr. Barbara Christian 1:00 p.m. 
University of California, Berkeley 
Does Celie Know Something Yau Should Know: 
Afro-American Women's Literature 
and the Pursuit of Knowledge 
Dr. Temma Kaplan 2:OO p.m. 
Barnard College 
Community and Resistance: Women's Political Cultures 
in Historical Perspective - 

Recruit Co., Ltd. employment openings currently include opportunities in 

Tokyo, New York and Los Angeles for Application Analysts. Market 

Analysts, System Engineers, Sales Engineers and Administrative 

Coordinators. 

For more information, call our toll-free numbers listed below or 

write Recruit U.S.A.. Inc. 

9 RECRUIT U.S. A., INC. P% 
725 S. Figueroa St., 31st Floor TOU FREE 
Los Angeles. CA 90017 Cabfania (800) 423-3387 
TeL (213) 955-4900 Other (800) 325-9759 

"Call me old fashioned, but behind 
this wheel ain't no place for a duck" 

Zeltzer &Seer Natural Flav~rtd Sada. 
@ah.  Raspberry. BBlac Cherry Elu~hnrw, 

Vanilla Creme. not tn menban Cola Berry 
krnethugtotaliyelse m the world. 



- h#mG~ l -  Thursday, Octobcr 8, 1987 15 

-- 

Try something different.. . enjoy authentic lndian 
cuisine in a relaxing and elcganr. yer informal atmosphere and 

expcrlence fine dining o \ d o o k ~ n g  the La Jolla Cove. 
"Winnr, Su~thctn Cul~foniilc dt'srilrrmnt Wnrm A ~ l ~ i i c ~ r l o ~ l  Awrnl '' 

"Exdlcnr ,fi1tr11 and scn'irc." 
RsrnnB Wnh.!jan>. Corpumiltr Llanagcr. Tq Gmup ol Hot& Bornha). lniild 

Specializing in Tandoori dishes, mild to hot 

Open Tue5 -Sun 
Ginrd 20% Offinr Lunch 1 l:)O-1:30 2nd flour. corner 

of Guard and all UCSD \ru o ~ t s  Dinner: 5:30-9:30 
lower Prospect faculty and slaJ 454-6263 

11111111111111~ 

@)!?250/0 off I I 
47f&q$FJ@+J1 w0 any small, medium or large yogurt. I 

.> 4 k32 . +, I 

L Cardiff Tome Centre 2047-K San Elijo. Cardiff 92007 
-SP IR ITS  (>F ST, GERMAIN- 

WELCOMES BACK UCSD 
- - -- 

a Wine, Beer, Liquor a Keg Beer a Custom Gift Baskets 

All Year Lottery and Lotto Movie Rentals Unique 

Cards & Gifts Gourmet Foods From Homemade to 

Decadent Bud's Ice Cream Parlor 

e a r '  
OPEN: SUN.-THURS. 6 AM-1 2 MID 
FRI-SAT, 6 AM-2 AM . 

; +d n& 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Oil Vllla La Jolla Dr. 

PAID POSITIONS OPEN: 
ASUCSD LOBBY DIRECTORS 
Now taking applications for open staff 
positions of federal and municipal desks. 
Lobby, inform, and educate congressmen. 
legislators and local officials on behalf of UC 
and UCSD at the Capitol or locally. 
Internships/credit/stipend mailable. Flexible 
hours. Other staff positions open. 

Call NOW! 
Leave name and phone # 
for JILL MARCHICK 534-4450 

"Well don't just stand there - 
negotiate!" 

Void with anv other 
off-. ~ o ~ ~ i n g s  not Included 
One coupon to a customer. 

Hours: 11-1030 Mom-Thurs, 
11-1 1 Fri. & Sat. 
12-10:30 Sunday 

11111111111111111- 

rmm8NOW at Carl's Jr . . . 11111111111 I 1 I 
BUY ONE 

WESTERN 
I I 
1 BACON CHEESEBURGER I . 

GET ONE 
I I 
1- 
I I 
I FREE - I 
I 

- 

I 
V d d  at 6788 Mimimar Rd. - I 

! Coupon exdma M 28.1987. One offer per coupon. A I I one-coupon per customer per visit. 
I Not v d d  with any other offer or : discount. Price does not include tax. I 
I I 
I we Still Believe in Old-Fashioned American Values. 1 

FALL QUARTER 

MONDAY - FRIDAY 



16 Thursdav, Ocrabt-r 8, J 987 



The Arts and Entertainment Section 
Volum516 #3 October 8,1987 

1987 ~ c a d e m i  Award-winner for best docu- 
mentary short. "Women -For America, For the 
World," features actress Joanne Woodward, for- 
mer vice-presidential candidate Geraldine Ferraro 
and other women speaking from insight, com- 
passion and common sense about the traumatic 
consequences of t he  threat of nuclear war. 
Coupled with this work is "Dead End Kids," 
which is the film version of the award-winning 
theater piece o n  the atomic age by Mabou Mines. 
Directed by JoAnne Akalaitis, this piece is viewed 
as a comic fable for the nuclear age. DeeDee 
Halleck of UCSD's communications department 
helped Akalaitis get the grant for "Dead End 
Kids." 

On Friday, Oct. 9, Vera Belmont's "Rouge 
Baiser" (Red Kiss) will be presented at 7:30pm. 
"Rouge Baiser," which takes place in 1952, is a 
French drama about a young Jewish girl living in 
Paris whose infatuation with the Communist 
Youth Party is broken after falling in love with a 
"Match" photographer. Following this screening 
is "Sleepwalk," produced, directed and co-written 

this half-hour is, "But Then'ShePs ~ e t t y  
Carter." This documentary, directed by Michelle 
Parkerson, shows the life and career of jazz great, 
Betty Carter. This is a long piece which delves into 
the daily life of Carter, interspliced with her in 
concert. 

On Sunday, Oct. 11, at 2pm, preceding the 
"Local Filmmakers Showcase," Mamie Green- 
wald's nihilistic comedy of a young man with a 
penchant for selfdocumentation will be pre- 
sented. A t  4:30pm during the "Local Filmmakers 
Showcase," Miller, Eberhard and Accomando 
will discuss their works along with Curator Joyce 
Brouwers, a UCSD film student. 

"Blackout," by Miller, is about a female ani- 
mation artist who experiences a blackout and 
wakes to find a dead man under her car. In very 
dream-like sequences, the audience is lead to 
believe that  it all may have been a dream, but 
evidence shows that it wasn't. Miller presented 
this work last year during the Undergraduate Arts 
Festival. 

"Diane Kennedy: Cuisines of Mexico," hy 

ner of a San Diego Emmy 
documentary follows Ken- 
3wn for her anthropological 
'arch trip through Mex~co. 
is a film editor, as well as a 
a JoIla Light, presents "The 

Tomatoes," which shows 
ning sequel to the cult film, 
;iller Tomatoes.' 

All proceeds from this festival salu:a tg women 
in the film industry benefit the Amencan Cancer 
Society's "Camp Reach for the Sky" of San Diego 
County. Tickets for the Sixth Annual California 
First Film Festival are $5 for each showtime 
Advance tickets are available at most California 
First Bank branches and at all TicketMaster 
outlets, or call 278-TIXS. Tickets are also available 
at the door during the festival; for more infor- 
mation, call 230-3266. 

War at Sushi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 
The dB's newest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 



ing the talented of Xango and 
San Diego's own Gen-Iration. 
Advance tickets are available 
at Jerry's Records in Ocean 
Beach, Lou's in Encinitas, Off 
the Record, Trade Roots, The 
get Irie Shop in Solana Beach 
and at all authorized Teleseat 
outlets (283-SEAT). Doors 
open at 8 pm; call 259-0803 
f o r  i n f o r m a t i o n .  

0 0 0 

ances on the "Toni~ht  Shnw " erv Theatre o n  480 Elm Street. 
w e  a Mann speaks of War - - ---  n - - -  ----.- "Today," "Sesame Street:" ~ a l l  232-4088 to  rese and PBS' "Live From Lincoln space in either meeting. Center." 

In a special program by fel- 
low flutist, Ramsom Wilson, If you are a college st 
\ # -  P - I  -..-.. . - . :I1 ---l---- - 1 . . chased at either TicketMaster 

or the cultural center for $20. 
For further information, call 

Mime's the word! Don't miss (706)  684- 1 132. 

,udent 
wnose passlon 1s writlng fic- 
tion, Pluyhoy has a $3,000 offer 
you can't refuse! Submit your 
original typed, double-spaced 
manuscript of 25 pages o r  less 
with a 3" by 5' card listing 
your name, age, college, per- 

by jeffrey kleen 
hiatus staff writer 

hlann considers "almost a 
sequel t o  'Evo1'"--Contra- 
band's first performance piece. 

Mann has been a perfor- 
mance artist since 1964 when 
she was attending Shorter 
College in Georgia. On  the 
advice of her instructor, Fran- 
cisca Osboas, she moved to  
New York where she stayed 
for many years before moving 
to  Canada. 

~ r .  ualway w111 perrwrm a 
variety of audience favorites 
with the Los Angeles Chamber 
Orchestra on Wednesday, Oct. 
14, at 8 pm in Symphony 
Hall. For reservations or ticket 
information call 459-3724. 

The Bay Area Dance com- 
pany, Contraband, will be per- 
forming a new work entitled, 
T h e  (Invisible) War," Thurs- 
day through Saturday, Oct. 8- 
10, at Sushi Performance Gal- 
lery in downtown San Diego. 
The  55-60 minute perfor- 
mance is a duet performed by 
Sara Shelton Mann and Jess 
Curtis with the musical ac- 
companiment of Keith Hen- 
nessey. T h e  work features 
music by Rinde Eckert, text 
excerpts from the Bible, Anne 
Sexton and Paul Goodman. 

the legendary Marcel Marceau, Because the piece involves 
only three performers, Mann 
said, "It demands total con- 
centration for 60 minutes." It 
also becomes more intimate 
due to  the limited number of 

the world's greatest mime, Prominent improvisationist 
when he at the per- Don Victor will be 2 
formine arts theatre of the e - .- -~ -.-... - -  .-.- 
Tijuana Cultural Center to- 
night and tomorrow night at 
8:30pm. Located less than a 
mile from the border, the cen- 
ter may be reached by a con- 
venient taxi service. A Mexi- 
coach bus will depart t o  the 
center from 1050 Kettner 
Blvd. at  the Santa Fe Depot at  
7:30 pm. Tickets may. be pur- 

rare solo pertormances at the 
Bowery Theatre on Oct. 9and  
16  a t  8 pm both nights. Victor 
will feature a variety of cha- 
racter sketches, including such 
favorites as "Randolph Mac- 
Gruder" and "Commander 
Ray," along with excerpts from 
his new work in progress, "Pic- 
ture Postcard." Call 232-4088 
for reservations. 

The opening concert for the 
1987-88 Celebrity Series of 
the La Jolla Chamber Music 
Society will feature the return 
to  San Diego of international 
favorite, flutist Jar 
who appeared at 
of Symphony Hall. rvlr. U ~ I -  
way is regarded as both a 
supreme interpreter of the clas- 
sical flute repertoire and a 

manent address and phone num- 
ber to  Playboy College Fiction 
Contest, 919 North Michigan 
Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 
6061 1. First prize is $3,000 
and publication in the October 
1988 issue. There are also 
prizes for 2nd and 3rd place 
manuscripts. 

performers--on1 y half as many 
as their first performance, 
"Evol." 

Mann says the formation of 
Contraband is a permanent 
one. "It is absolutely a life- 
long commitment," she said. 
In the future, Contraband will 
be performing the piece which 
they are currently developing 
for American Inroads which 
Mann describes as "joyful, full 
of color, and funny." Con- 
traband will also be o n  tour in 
Europe next summer. 

Interested in seeing some 
great stage performances for 

nes Galway, free? T h e  Bowery Theatre is 
the opening looking for a few good volun- 
1 1  11- 0 - 1  ..--..- ..- L-1- ..La- :- -em-.  

Contraband was formed in 
1984 after Mann moved t o  
San Francisco three years 
earlier from Canada. She in- 
dividually worked with many 
dancers before she chose the 

miduals who are currently 
the company. Their ages 
between 2 1 and 43. "Be- 
t of the age differences," 

...,.. n explained, "the com- 
pany h a s  become  l ike a 
family." It is based in San 
Francisco at the Theater Ar- 
taud. 

tccra LU Ilclp ulcm 111 11ra11y 
areas of theatre work in the 
coming season. No prior ex- 
perience is needed for the pos- If you are an intermediate 

entertainer whose itions of ushers, office worker 
lsses all musical advertising/PR etc. This is 
: I  3 ----A ,.--:,-. ,- I - - -  

s, 
a 

grear wpporrunIry r o  learn 
some theatre management and 
communications skills. Hours 
are vcry flexible. Orientations 
will be held tonight and Sat- 
urday at 10:OO am at the Bow- 

o r  advanced ballet and/or jazz 
dancer, Stage Seven Dance The- 
atre may have a space for you 
in their company. Auditions 
are being held on Saturday, 
Call 234-4647 for more infor- 
mation. 

-kathy garland 

consummatt 
appeal cro 
boundaries. m s  playing anu 
lively sense of humor are fa- 

A special memorial tribute miliar t o  a vast audience 
to Peter Tosh is being held at through his extensive touring, 
Club Reggae at Wabash Dance more than 30 best-selling al- 
Hall on  Friday, Oct. 9 featur- bums, and frequent appear- 

Sushi Performance Gallery 
is located a t  8 5 2  Eighth 
Avenue in San Diego. For 
more information call (619) 
235-8466. 

founder of Contraband and 
co-creator of "The (Invisible) 
War," described the peice as 
being about the "failure of the 
intellect in personal relation- 

Arts Editor 
EVA W O N G  

Associate Arts Editor 
SUSIE BEEL S lamdance loses impact ships." ~ e v e l o ~ e d  in the Spring of 1987, the intention 

of "The (Invisible) War" is 
"to allow the subtext to come 
through" to the audience so 
that they can make their own 
dec is ions  o n  t h e  subjec t  
matter. It combines dialogue, 

Staff Writers 
KEN CALHOUN 

CHARLES DUSTON 
DAVID FORMAN 
KATHY GARLAND 

REBECCA JAURIGUE 
JEFF KLEEN 

ROBERT LEONE 
NIGEL LINDEMANN 
PHIL MACGOVERN 

attempt to approach controversial 
issues. "Slamdance" is, at best, 
a good time. 

Created by screenwriter Don 
Opper of "Android" fame, 
the plot involves a carefree 
newspaper cartoonist, C.C. 
Drood (played by Tom Hulce). 
He's the good guy, happy-go- 
lusty type, caught up  in a 
deadly situation of sex and 
scandal involving high-ups in 
a richly romanticized Los An- 

by ken calhoun 
hiatus staff writer 

surreal suspense thriller. In 
other words, it's not an exa- 
mination of an  art scene or  
lifestyle. It's not an investi- 
gation of emotion o r  even an 

"Slamdance" the latest re- 
lease from the often innovative 
Island Films, is an exercise in 
the unexpected. This is a film 
rooted, in plot and beyond, 
on the elements of contra- 
diction and surprise. The first 
of these surprises, one that 
goes beyond plot, is one I'll 
reveal to  you now: "Slam- 
dance" is not a movie about 
punks, as its name might sug- 
gest. Instead, director Wayne 
Wang focuses o n  scandal, not 
sub-culture, and plot twists 
rather than relationships. The 
result is something more main- 
stream than one  might expect 
from Island Films, the name 
behind controversial and ar- 
tistic classics such as "Kiss of 
the Spider Woman" and the 
"River's Edge." 

"Slamdance," as a result, is 
a highly stylized, somewhat 

music, dancing, and visualen- 
vironments into a piece which 

Sound Editorial: 534.6580 Advetthing: 534-0466 
Hiatus is published every 
Thursday of the academic 
year as a supplement to 
the UCSD Guardian. Re- 
production or use of any 
portion of this magazine 
without written permis- 
sion is a no-no. We wel- 
come unsolicited letters, 
manuscripts and artwork, 
but assume no responsi- 
bility for the return of 
such. Send information to: 

HIATUS 
Ro r 6, .Lu Jolla, C A  92003 

D~~~ sfantoiand Jbhn'Doe), Tom Hulce in Slamdance. 
hired bullies (Don Opper) and (Virginia Madson) .  On ly  
friends gone bad (Adam Ant Drood's ex-wife and child keep 
as a dance-club owner) via his him anchored t o  the elements 
involvement with a leggy and of reality. 
mysterious blond bisexual Please see SLAM, page 4 

by larry weintraub 
One way to  describe the 

dB's, would be to say that they 
have a knack for being in the 
right place at  the wrong time, 
that is until now. Plagued by 

Scrccnu~itrr and co-star of Slam- 
dance, Don Oppm. 

poor distribution and ailing 
record companies, the dB's 
have yet to  receive the atten- 
t ion they deserve. With the 
release of their new album, 
"The Sound of Music," the 
d B ' s  h a v e  a c h i e v e d  a 
memorable piece of work that 
is destined t o  change their 
luck. 

. 

A a- 
Brings back the $30° Deal! 

" 'Second Citv' is brilliant.'' "Subtlv & Sunerblv funny!' 
-T lYt  Y \LMI\l. h )OQh l104r 

See 5 plays for only $15 when Formed nine years ago in Winston-Salem, North Caro- 
lina, the dB's (which stands 
for drums and bass) migrated 
to New York City in search of 
an  audience interested in their 
music. It was there, with the 
support of New York Rocker 
magazine, that the band land- 
ed a recording contract o n  the 
English label, Albion Re- 
cords. Their first two albums, 
"Stands for DeciBels" and "Re- 
percussion," met with wide 
critical acclaim, but they were 
available t o  American audi- 
ences only as imports. So the 
band remained substantially 
unheard of in their homeland. 

In 1983, following the dis- 
appointing reception of the 
b a n d ' s  t w o  a l b u m s ,  t h e  
group's founder, guitarist, Chris 

Please see dB's, page 4 

you buy the COUPON BOOK 
t Redeem coupons for any UCSD Theatre 
, play at the Mandell Weiss Center and 

Warren Theatre all season long. -A 

Bring friends or come singly - it's all 
' 
i up to you at a savings of 
I 40% off regular ticket prices. 

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11 7:30 pm I CALL 53413793 NOW! 
Ccmpons arc rrdermahlr for events proJuceJ hy I ICSD Drpartmcnt ,,i Thcatrc clnlv. anJ not h r  I ~ m t t c ~ i  

engagement events. Coupons may hr rrdremrd at thr M;~n&ll Wr~ss Crnter Tlikrt C ) f f ~ r ,  hrg~nn~ng Srptcrnhrr 
29. Season opens Novrnihrr 6. 



Only fl 
Sound likl 

banking? 
It should i 

today bankil 
Now WII! 

through with 
account for F 
the convenie 

The new P 
Account give 
of over 1200 1 
mated teller I 
a day. 7 days i 

Plus unlim 

WJ3LLS FARGO BANK 

tow/I*m in need of beker 
ohservation/Change with the 
changing time/I've got to  

Continued from page 3 
Stamey left the band. Despite 
+ha C m + C \ - r t  +ha rnm-;nirsn I change with the changing time. The dB's show that they're , capable of writing slow mel- 

. .LC ..,...... U U..U y.VLLLUsU L V  ---- ----..-, -----, -..---------. - - .  ..... ..- 

tour the countrv for the next a uniqueand personalstyleonly doubt give them the credit 

San Diego Main Office Halhm Awnue ()ffice ?arlsb;ld-~ce~nside Office 
101 Wrst  Rroadwav h7dS k l t x l a  A w .  2701 Vista Way 
2:VkfiMf) 2:W-MI5 2:%-R?16 
33rd and El Cajon Office Kearney-Mesa Office Encinitas Office 
32% El Cajon Hlvd. WiO ('laiwniont Mrhsa Rlvd. 276A El Caniino Real 
236-RY3 I 2!V-Y2fi IM2-.Ui13 
Tijuana Ekwder Office Mission Vallw (Mice k o n d i d o  Office 
713 San Ysidro Hlvd. 123 Camino lk LZI Reina 125 North Hnladway Ave. 
42Klil;l 2:W-6401 2:{fi-W I 
El Cajon Office Pacific Heach Office la Jolla Office 
512 Fletcher Parkwav I:WQ Garnet St. 7714 Girard Ave. 
440- f iX  23(i-%14 45l-O:{fil 
La Mesa Fa (Hf ice Rancho Hemardo 0ffic.c. Ik.1 Mar Office 
4695 Palm Aw. I(i7:Ul fkrnardo Ctviter Ik. 2 4 0  Via Ik la VaIIe 
4M-X4f%I 2:Wf+lX'! 2:KfXM 
(imssrnont Office Mim Mesa Office Chula Vista Officr 
.Wl Gnfismont C e n t e r .  IO7o7 C h i n o  Ruiz :3W H Strwt *mcF, ,,", MI-89NI YX-(W)2O 2:UI-:39lW) 

r .,,a k !I.* ' 

UI I IU I~ I  y ,  WCIC IICII allu IIIICU 
with "hip anachronisms," as 
were the somewhat stero-ty- 
pica1 costumes designed by I music that is appropriate to  their name--a fiery, very danceable blend of latin and caribbean sounds--simply called "tropical punk." Their latest show introduced their new members. lohn Hendrickson o n  t r u m ~ e t .  Blaine 
Detective Smiley (stanton )ac- 
tually wears a bow-tie and 
uses suspenders to support his 
gray baggies. The artist, Drood, 
looks exactly like one of your 
resident visual arts majors: 
dressed mostly in black and 
wearing little round Lennon 
glasses. 

The costumes and  cine- 
matography, like the  wild 
curves within the plot, become 
the concerns of the film. Its 
potential t o  be a more power- 
ful story is diminished by the 
theatrics, and the colors of the 
characters fade whe'n they 
stand among the surreal setting 
and plot contradictions. The 
world and the situations are 
difficult t o  become attached 
to. Los Angeles itself is not an 
L.A. where Los Angelenos, 
like myself, would be found, 
but rather one  where we could 
expect t o  see Harry Dean 
Stanton in a bow tie. O r  maybe 
even Mozart with a mohawk. 

Barnett playing guitar, and Jerry Siptroth on drums, along 
with previous members, bassisdlead vocalist Mark 
Dycaico and sax/flute/percussionist Anthony Sarain, t o  
Spirit Club last Saturday night. 

Limbo Slam has been through some changes since their 
beginning as the Flaming Hibachis a few years ago. The 
replacing of more than half of the existing band could have 
proven to  be drastic, hut in this case, it appears to  be an 
improvement. The trumpet has added some terrifically 
catchy hooks, the guitar occasionally shifts into some 
marvelously atmospheric flamenco riffs, and the drummer 
is more aggressive than before. This new team has 
dynamically rearranged some of the bands' older originals 
and, at this show, also introduced two new tunes, 
"Brazilian Eyes" and "Love Pavillion." 

Despite these exciting changes, the show didn't live u p  
t o  its full potential. The band still has room t o  improve 
their showmanship. There wasn't enough action on  stage; 
maybe it was the new band's unfamiliarity with the music. 

. Or perhaps, maybe the audience was too small. Com- 
petition with the Micheloh street scene and the heat may 
have thinned out  the crowd. Despite these initial problems, 
the new Limbo Slam has made some great progess. They 
remain one of San Diego's most worthwhile groups to  
watch. You will have another opportunity to  see Limbo 
Slam at Club Mirage in Mission Valley behind Marshall's. 




