
UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 

Student center space 
being parceled out 
By LETICIA VILLARREAL 
Sttl/J W,;t~, 

The process for determining 
the space needs of campus or-
ganizations was recently begun 
by a subcommittee of the Uni-
versity Center Board (UCB). 

That subcommittee - the 
Student Center Task Force 
(SCTF) - began mailing Needs 
Assessment Forms this month to 
all campus organizations in an 
effort to determine how many of 
them would like to move to the 
Student Center when it is vacated 
by student organizations moving 
to the Price Center, which is 
currently under construction. 

A letter sent with the Needs 
Assessment Form states that the 
SCTF is primarily concerned 
with the existing Student Center, 
although groups interested in the 
few spaces still available in the 
Price Center are asked to note 
that on the forms. 

The function of the SCTF, 
according to member and A.S. 
Commissioner of Media and 
Communications Steve Tauber, 
is to analyze the information 
provided by campus organiza-
tions in the forms and, on the 
basis of that information, make 
recommendations to the Univer-
sity Center Board on how avail-
able spaces in both facilities 
should be allocated. 

Jim Carruthers, director of 
the University Center and a staff 
member of the SCTF, stressed 
that the UCB is not "doing space 

allocations" at the moment. He 
added that a group must be a 
registered student organization 
to qualify for a space in either 
facility. 

"Right now," Carruthers 
explained , "the Board is doing 
an assessment of total allocations 
and figuring out the number and 
types of spaces that we're going 
to need." 

Some space in the Price Center, 
however, has been set aside for 
paying customers. Over 41 pri-
vate sector food vendors have 
already applied for spaces in the 
Price Center. Carruthers men-
tioned that, out of those that 
have applied, "six private entities 
have already been chosen and 
[the UCB] is choosing a seventh 
right now." 

The six vendors are Round 
Table Pizza; Zip's Tummy 
Buster, a delicatessen; Chun King 
Loh, a Chinese eatery; Taco Bell; 
Wendy's; and Espresso Roma, a 
coffee and pastry shop; the 
seventh vendor will be an ice 
cream and yogurt establishment. 
Round Table Pizza was also the 
winner in the spirits area, and 
will be repJp,cina the Triton Pub 
when the Price Center opens. 

Carruthers claims that these 
establishments reflect the 
preference of the majority of 
students that responded to a 
survey taken two years ago by 
the board that asked them what 
food services they would like to 
have on campus. (Q] 

N.tur •• b •• ut, - Weather-worn clif fs line the shore adjOining 
the Torrey Pines Reserve, the only place where Torrey Pines grow 
except for Santa Rosa Island See story, page 8 

MONDAY. MARC-H 7. 1988 

Michael Foulksl Guardian 

Ace - Kyle Abbott fires a pitch on the way to a shutout of 
Division I Temple University last Saturday. See story, page 12. 

VOLUME 60. #39 

Boeker 
to be 
lOA 
president 

Career diplomat from the U.S. 
State Department, Paul H. 
Boeker, was named president of 
the Institute of the Americas 
(lOA); it was announced last 
Tuesday. 

Boeker will replace the retiring 
Dr. Joseph Grunwald as presi-
dent of the Institute in June. 
Boeker, 49, has held ambassador-
ial posts under both President 
Reagan and President Carter and 
was formerly Director of the 
Foreign Service Institute. 

Several national and inter-
national political leaders praised 
the selection of Boeker in a state-
ment released by the lOA. 

"I am delighted to hear that a 
dynamic leader has been chosen 
to head the Institute of the 
Americas," Argentinian Presi-
dent Raul Alfonsin said. "The 
Institute has already made its 

See BOEKER, pale 3 

Ogden sues for permission to 
run toxic waste incinerator 
By PETER MESSROBIAN 
N~WJEdJto, 

The company attempting to 
operate a toxic waste incinerator 
on Torrey Pines Mesa recently 
filed a lawsuit asking that the 
San Diego City Council's denial 
of permission to run the incin-
erator be declared invalid and 
that the company be allowed to 
operate the incinerator without a 
Conditional Use Permit (CUP). 

Ogden Environmental Ser-
vices applied for a CU P last year, 
but last December the City 
Council voted seven to two 
against granting the company 
the permit, citing a lack of 
information on the effect of 
burning toxic waste on people 
and the environment. 

At the time, San Diego Mayor 
Maureen O'Connor commented 
that "common sense has to be 

• 
sate is UCSO? 

Check1no out personal and 
property safety on campus 

. ..... l' 
Men's tennis 
Doubles teams win It for he 
Triton 

applied here ... we don't have 
enough information to make that 
decision [to grant the CU P]." 

Ogden counsel David Mulli-
ken disagrees. In an interview 
last week, Mulliken explained 
that "what prompted the suit 
was our firm conviction that the 
city acted without factual or legal 
basis in denying u's a coftditional 
use permit. .. . It's our beliefthat 
their decision denying the project 
exceeded their legal authority." 

Defendants in the suit include 
the City of San Diego, the San 
Diego City Council, and the in-
dividual council members who 
voted against granting the CU P. 

Mulliken claims that because 
five agencies, including the En-
vironmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) and the state Department 
of Health Services (DHS), eval-
uated the project and deter-
mined it posed "no substantial 
environmental risks"the city had 
no right to look at the same 
evidence and come to the oppo-
ite conclusion. 
"It's clear that the city . . . has 

no statutory authority which em-
powers it to second-guess the 
environmental health and safety 
determinations that have been 
made b each of those agencie ," 
Mulliken claimed. "It was clear 
that they chose to disregard the 
deci ions made by tho e other 
five agencies." 

When the Council handed 
down their decision la t Decem-
ber. the ugge ted that Ogden 
file an Environmental Impact 
Report (E 1 R) in order to provide 
a clearer pictu re of the incin-
erator' affect on the area near-

by, which includes Scripps Me-
morial Hospital and UCSD. 
When asked why Ogden didn't 
do this, Mulliken said that "the 
city offered no suggestion what-
soever that if we would merely 
do an EI R they would approve 
the permit ... I don't think there's 
any hint whatsoever that if we 
would simply do an EI R, they'd 
approve the permit." 

While over 100 opponents of 
the incinerator showed up at the 
council meeting to offer testi-
mony and pressure the Council 
to vote down the permit, M ulli-
ken worte them off as a "highly 
orchestrated opposition centered 
within the Environmental Health 
Coalition [EHC]. "The EHC is a 
group dedicated to preventing 
the incinerator from being oper-
ated. 

"In our judgement. the En-
vironmental Health Coalition, 
in this case, is not representative 
of the sentiments of the broader 
community," Mulliken said. In 
addition, he claims "the folk 
who were opposing the project 
here quite obviously had no in-
terest in dealing with the merits 
of the issues, because if they had 
... they would have been satisfied 
with the response 'to their con-
cerns given by the EPA." 

"Every time the decision wa 
decided on a cientific basi , we 
won. The only time it was decided 
on a political basi , we 10 t," 
Mulliken aid. He feel that the 
i ue hould be confined to the 
cientific area. 

According to Mulliken, ince 
the City Council i not prepared 
to deal with the ienlific matter, 

ee OGDEN, page 3 



1 Monda)" March :', Ili/J/J 

NEWS 

U CSD medical student 
wins scholarship 

Rachel Elizabeth Gonzalez, a 
second year medical student at UCSD, 
received a $1,000 scholarship from the 
California Hi panic American Medical 
Association (CHAMA)in a pre enta-
tion made by Dr. Paul Urrea. scholar-
ship chair and Dr. Je us Torpoco, 
president , at CHAMA' annual scho-
larship dinner. 

Gonzalez i one of even students to 
receive cholarship awards this month 
from CHAMA, which wa founded in 
1975. CHAMA was founded to unite 
practicing Hispanic physician and 
thereby improve health care services in 
the Hispanic community. It is a state-
wide organization with chapters in 
Southern and Northern California. 

The CHAMA scholarship competi-
tion was open to all Hispanic men and 
women who are currently enrolled in 
public and private medical schools in 
California. "The competition was very 
intense for these seven scholarship 
awards. All of the candidates were 
very well qualified and it was 
extremely difficult to choose only 
seven winners," Urrea noted . 

Gonzalez' goal is to get her M.D. 
degree and a master in public health 
and become a family practice 
specialist. 

UCSD meteorologist 
Hans A. Panofsky dies 

Hans A. Panofsky, a noted meteo-
rologist and educator who was a 
research associate at UCSD's Scripp 
Institute of Oceanography for the past 
four years, died Sunday, Feb. 28 at 
Mission Bay Hospital. Complications 
from heart disease caused his death . 

Panofsky, 70, was born in Kassel , 
Germany, on Sept. 18, 1917, and came 
to the United States in 1934. He 
attended Princeton University and 
then the University of California, Ber-
keley, where he earned a doctoral 

BLOOM COUNTY 

degree in astronomy ill 1941. 
Hejoined the New York University 

faculty in 1942, and then in 1951 he 
became a professor at Pennsylvania 
State University, a position he held 
until 1982. In 1984, he became a 
research associate in meteorology in 
the Ocean Research Division at 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography. 

During his academic career, he held 
many visiting scientist posts at univer-
sities throughout the nation, including 
Colorado State University, the Uni-
versity of Washington, and the Uni-
versity of Minnesota. 

Panofsky was the author or co-
author of three textbooks on meteo-
rology and had published more than 
100 scientific articles , with an empha-
sis on atmospheric turbulence and 
diffusion. 

Panofsky was a fellow of the Amer-
ican Meteorological Society, the 
American Association for the 
Advancement of Science, and the 
American Geophysical Union and an 
honorary member of the Royal 
Meteorological Society of Great Bri-
tain. He received the Meisinger Award 
in 1965 and the Rossby Memorial 
Medal in 1976, both from the Ameri-
can Meteorological Society. 

AIDS carriers reluctant to 
reveal to their partners 

A sizable minority of sexually active 
people do not in tend to tell their 
partners if they are infected with the 
vi rus that causes AIDS, according to a 
University of California, San Fran-
cisco study. 

The study by Susan Kegeles, a 
health psychologist at the UCSF Cen-
ter for AI DS Prevention Studies, sur-
veyed 300 individuals obtaining AIDS 
antibody tests at two centers in 
Alameda County. 

The part of the study that concen-
trated on sexually active gay and 
bisexual men who were not in mutu-
ally monogamous relationships is pub-

YE:S / 
H€U01 
I(EIJ'.~ 

I 

PIfT~ON 
15 6riINIVtJ ltV 

1}£ ffJU5 
.4MIN (/ 

, 

.. , SO 
WHII1'5 me 
eIf1€R(-£IICY ~ 
yO(#{ HIIM8UKUfi!. 
MellT m f'1I TiY ? 

Ii hed in the leiters sec tion of the Jan . 
7 issue of t he journal of the American 
Medical Association. 

Although the large majorit y of those 
surveyed intended to tell their partners 
if the) were infected with the human 
immunodeficiency virus ( H IV), which 
cause AIDS. 12 percent said they 
would not tell their primary sexual 
partners . and 27 percent said lhey 
would not tell their non-primary 
partners. 

Kegeles said that responses from 
heterosexuals were similar. About 25 
percent of 64 sexually active, non-
monogamous heterosexuals surveyed 
also would not tell their non-primary 
partners if they were infected with 
HIV, according to Kegeles. Hetero-
sexuals, however. are less likely than 
gay and bisexual men to be HIV-
positive. she said. 

"The findings underscore the need 
for sexually active individuals to pro-
tect their health by following 'safe sex' 
practices. since not all sexual partners 
can be depended upon to be forthright 
about their antibody status," Kegeles 
said. 

"Protective behavior," Kegeles said, 
includes limiting partners and using 
condoms, ev~n if the partner says he 
or she is HIV-negative. 

Moot Court competition 
to be held 

On Ma'rch 11-13, the first National 
Telecommunications Law Moot Court 
Competition will be held at California 
Western School of Law in San Diego. 
The competition will be judged by a 
number of prominent U.S. Federal 
Court judges including The Honorable 
Harry T. Edwards from the Court of 
Appeals in Washington, D.C., and 
The Honorable Harold H. Greene 
from the District Court in the District 
of Columbia. 

Judge Greene presided over the 
breakup of AT&T. The decision in 
that case left the court with continuing 
jurisdiction over the Bell Telephone 
companies . Greene's ongoing role in 
this case has required him to make 
decisions which have become a signifi-
cant part of our telecommunications 
policy. 

The Telecommunications Law Moot 
Court Competition is based on a 
hypothetical appellate court decision 

o n appeal to the nited Statc~ 
Supreme Court. Members of the legal 
staffs of the Federal Communication 

Commis~ion . the alifornia Public 
Utilities Commission and leading 
communication companies contrib-
uted to the preparation of the 
hypothetical. 

The hypot hetical contains complex 
state and federal jurisdiction prob-
lems. conflicting regulatory policies 
and constitutional issues . The compet-
ing teams must research their issues 
and formulate arguments set forth in 
written briefs - a lengthy process that 
wi\ltake each team approximately 500 
hours . Ten law schools from all across 
the country have registered their teams 
to compete in this difficult event. 

The object of this program is to 
stimulate an awareness of the impor-
tance of telecommunications issues to 
our society. For additional informa-
tion. call 239-0391. 

Symposium to discuss 
alcohol and drugs 

Elaine M . Johnson, appointed in 
January by Health and Human Servi-
ces Secretary Otis Bowen as the direc-
tor of the new federal Officc for Sub-
stance Abuse Prevention, will present 
a short addrers on the topic "The War 
on Drugs - Where Are WeT' on Fri-
day, March II at 10: I S am at the 
Bahia HOlel on Mission Bay, in the 
Del Mar Room. 

The international symposium will 
address .. Alcohol and Other Drug 
Information Sources," and is spon-
sored by the UCSD Program on 
Alcohol Issues. 

The symposium runs from S pm. 
March 9 through noon, March 12. 

Family Fitness Center 
offers free passes 

Free two week passes are being 
offered to students and staff of UCSD 
at the Family Fitness Center on 
Miramar Road . To obtain a pass an 
appointment must be made with Fam-
ily Fitness Center. Those interested 
may contact John Bell at 693-3500. 

If membership is placed at the first 
appointment, a discount of S7S will be 
given. This special is good only at the 
Miramar Road location . 

-Compiled by Eva Wonl 

M ••• .,.F ., 

RII'P/w 
MY KNefCIIP5 

OFf'. 71f(;Y'Re 
8eHINt) m€ 
1lJ1t.£r 

I 

• 10:29 am: A _ ..... ry was reponed at ClE Travel in tbe 
Student Center. PGIk:e say that the bura!.r(.) emered with a 
key, but tried to .. te it look like a forced eDt.., tiy brakin, 
a window and koockina over a file cabinet. Police have no 
suspects. Loss: approximately $7S. 
• 2:00 pm: Two ftOlHtudentl were arrested at Centra) 
Library on char,. of burglary and pOIICllion of stolen 
property. The suspect allegedly stole three wallets in the 
library and a video camera from Sc:ripps HOIpital. 
• 11:00 pm: A 23~r-01d student was arrested at the police 
tation after he alleaedly stole a swiss army knife while 

lookina through. box containin,lolt keys. The student was 
cited and released on promise to appear in court. 
Wedaelclay. M"" 
• 2:00 pm: A SSOO O\Iefbcui projeol~ was reported stol .. 

from the Psycho1ot)t &lid U ........ IJiiIiIcliq. 
For .... Weel: I 
• OM vellktc, a · ...... 

caropua. 
• Ninc .... 
coaa.~ __ 

Boeker: career 
diplomat chosen 
lOA president 
Continued from pale 1 
mark in the hemisphere. I am 
sure that it will continue to playa 
profound role in inter-American 
relations in the future under the 
leadership of Paul Boeker." 

Secretary of State George 
Shultz called Boeker "one of the 
Department of State's top career 
diplomats. I know he will bring 
the valuable foresight he ex-
hibited in the Foreign Service to 
the Institute and provide strong 
leadership in the Institute 's ob-
jective of supporting democracy 
and strong American ties with 
the countries of the pacific rim 
and the hemisphere ." 

Boeker joined the Foreign 
ervice in 1961 and served in 

West Germany and Colombia 
during the early years of his 
career. In 1973, he was ap-
pointed Deputy Assitant Secre-
tary for International Finance 
and Development. In 1976, he 
was promoted to Senior Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Economic 
and Busines Affairs. President 
Carter appointed him Ambas-
ador to Bolivia in 1977, a post 

he held until 1980, when he re-
turned to the U.S. to serve as 
Director of the Foreign Services 
Institute. 

Most recently. Boeker served 
as Ambassador to the Kingdom 
of Jordan between 1984 and 1987, 
when he joined the U.S. Dele-

MICHAEL FOULKS 
Adl'efli,ing Manag/'r 

SHENDI. DIAMOND 
Office Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
Adverlising Designer 

Adnrtislnl 
I R~pr_ntatins: 
Lynne Karle, Jennifer Testa 

Th~ UCSD Guardian 
B-I1', La Jolla, CA '1093 
Editorlll: (619) 534"'511 
BUllness: (619) 534-3466 

The Guardian is located next to the 
Che Cafe . 

gation to the United Nations 
General Assembly. 

Richard W . Fisher, Chairman 
of the Board of the Governors 
for the Institute, described in a 
statement the task of the Search 
Committee as one of finding "a 
dynamic individual who could 
catapult the I nstitute to the high-
est level of accomplishment ." 

"We were looking for someone 
well-connected in the business 
circles with the ability to facilitate 
communication with policy-
making and intellectual circles," 
Fis her said. "This person needed 
to be acceptable in both Repub-
lican and Democratic policy 
circles in the U.S . and to all 
democratic political parties in 
the Americas ." 

Boeker described his goal as 
movin)!; "the I nstitute to the fore-
front of the dialogue on inter-
American relations and one the 
America's crucial links to the 
vibrant ations of the Pacific 
Rim." 

While located on the UCSD 
campus, the lOA operate inde-
pendent of the university. The 
Insti tute's goal is to assist in the 
achievement of practical solu-
tions to the problems of demo-
cracy and economic develop-
ment. It is a private, non-profit , 
non-partisan public outreach 
organization, founded in 1984, 
dedicated to improving and facili-
tating communication between 
the business, public, and aca-
demic sectors on key issues in the 
Americas. mJ 

Ogden 
Continued from page I 
it should essentially act as a 
rubber-stamp assembly in thIS 
case. Because the City Council 
disagreed with this assumption, 
Ogden filed suit in the Federal 
District Court in San Diego. 

The suit, besides asking for 
permission to run the incinera-
tor, also requests unspecified 
monetary damages. (Q] 

CH'MER " CLOSER! 
(Than Kinko's) 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies while you walt - Book Binding _ Free Parking 

Cheaper ProialOt' Publishing Means 
Savlngl On Course Materials 

HOURS: M·TH 8-7, FRI. 8-6, SAT. 10-5 

451-"49 

! ' \ 
. ., 

-' . 
""' \. ". 

" 

o 

Monday. March 7, 1988 3 

NEWS 

RoM.t Leone/ Guardian 

Author - UCSD graduate and science fiction author Kim Stanley Robinson peruses hiS latest 
work, "The Gold Coast ," while waiting to autogre . ... <> copy last Wednesday in the bookstore. 

CIA testing ended at UCLA 
The Central Int elligence 

Agency (CIA) will no longer be 
testing their applicants on the 
UCLA campus because of stud-
ent pre ure placed on the campus 
administration . 

A coalition called "Student 
and Student Organi7ation 
Again t C IA on Campus"claim-
ed responsibility, and called it 
not only a victory on their ca m-
pus. but a victory again t the 
CIA on campuses nation-wide. 

" If we can win here at CLA, 
students at all universi ties ca n 
win the struggle again~t the CI A," 
student protester James Pfeiffer 
said. 

In the fall of 1986, students 
managed to prevent the CIA 
from recruiting on the UCLA 
campus, but the agency still gave 
a test (the PATB) on campus, 
designed spe~ifically for CIA 
applicants. The test is admin-
istered by the Educational Test-
ing Service (ETS) . 

On November 19, 1987, the 
coalition sponsored a demon-
stration on-campus and present-
ed a written declaration to UCLA 

Chance llor Charles Young de-
manding that he completely and 
formally bar the CIA from cam-
pus. The action was prompted 
by theschedulingofa PATBtc t 
for Saturday. November 21 . 

S tudent prot es t e rs from 
around Southern Cali fornia 
tra veled to UCLA for an anti-
CIA demonstration on Saturday 
morning. only 10 learn that not 
only had that test been cancelled. 
but that the PATB would no 
longer be given on the UCLA 
campu . 

Explanations given by ETS 
officials and CLA administra-
tors conflic t as to why the test 
was cancelled . Assistant vice 
chancellor of student develop-
ment Morris Holland said that 
the Novemeber 21 test was can-
celled because of the protesters. 
whom the ETS thought would 
disrupt the test. 

Later, Holland said that the 
test would no longer be given at 
the UCLA test center because. 
according to ETS officials. of 
"budgetary reductions." Holland 
claimed that the ETS had cancel-

CSD STUDENT CENTER 452 .. 0630 

led the test indefinitely. 
Howe ver. it was later learned 

from ETS hea dquart e rs i n 
Princeton . ew Jersey, tha t it 
was UC LA who had cancelled 
not only the origi nal te t o n 
I o~em ber 21, but had also re-
quested that the UC LA test center 

See CI . page 7 

Holistic JI'Ias.sage 
ilnd Spa Senkes 

• Relaxation Massage 
• Stress·Stoppers 
• Deep Tissue Therapy 
• Lymphatic Massage 
• Herbal facial Treatments 
• Body Contouring Wraps 

8y Appointmnt 456-J882 
Only 454-7570 

7535 Girard, UI Jolla 

Veggi" DInners & Sandwiches. Whole 
Grain Pancakes. Fresh Fruit Smoothic1 

ESCAPE FROM THE 
CONCRETE PLASnC 

JUNGLEI 
Check out the Che in the 

woods past Revelle 
Plaza southeast of the 
Undergraduate Ubrary . 

Opcn'~·SPM 
WEDNESDAY 

All You t.n bt 5-7 PM 
$l.5O Pcr Person 

------------
IRING IN THIS AD AND I 

: GET A 7S~ DISCOUNT I 
I OFF ANY ORDER OF I 
I $l,OO OR MORE. I 
I Velld Anytime. I L ____________ I 



4 Monday, March ;', 1988 

NIKI NEWLANDS, Editor in Chief 

TODD RAPPARPORT, Managing Editor 
PETER MESSROBIAN, News Editor 
JEFF BERESFORD-HOWE, Opinion Editor 

I he (,lIurd,o" IS punlhned 1'IIo le(' \Io cd.h al Ihc l nlH'P.II\ of (,,,htorm .. . ~an 
Ol('go Conlent!) ~ 19~K \ IC'''''' c~prc .... C'd hel el" IIrc nOI nccc:,~"nl) tho,""" .)f Ihe , l 
It06rJ .,1 H.l' ~,,· n". thl' "'l ( \1) or Ihl.: (,'4ur,IIall I du nn"l .. JI~' dl'lCrmlnl'J h' thc 
I dllnr In (: hle! . '1 an.t~IIlt: I ~Ihll . '\ I;V, .. I d ltur dnd thc 0rlnu1n Fdllm 

Comm Breakdown 
The A .S . ha really stepped in it over the past few 

weeks dealing with the ew Indicator. 
For year, the Nell' Indicator has published 

during finals week, the only campus paper to 
regularly do o. Without formally consulting his 
own Med ia Board and without consulting the New 
Indicator, A .S . Media Board Chair Steve Tauber 
introduced legislation to the A.S . Council prohibit-
ing any campus paper from publishing after ninth 
week . 

The bill , obviously aimed at the New Indicator, 
passed the A . . Council based on anecdotal argu-
ments that the paper' circulatio n may Dc smaller 
during final week' becau e there may be fewer 
people on campus at that time . 

Part of what Tauber did wasju t plain foolish. He 
went ahead with the bill without getting his facts 
st raight. 

But another part of Tauber's performance is more 
disturbing. He took a shot at a leftist paper highly 
critical of his own work and the A.S . without 
ground to do so. Further, he is currently supporting 
a bill which would require alternative media to come 
up with 25 percent of their own operating budgets. 

ince "alternative media" either reach smaller 
portions of the student body or have ideological 
problems with many adverti ers, the effect of the bill 
would be to kill papers like the People's Voice, ew 
Indicator, and the L 'Chayim Quarterly. Black , 
lefti t . and Jewi h students, to use those three 
examples , would lose their community voices. 

Either Tauber fu ndamentally misunderstand the 
role of an alternative media or he is tryi ng to tifle its 
voice. We reco mmend that the A .S. Judicial Board 
act on a ew Indicatorcomplaint filed last week and 
remove Tauber from office . [Ql 

Rah, Rah, Rah 
" It' the third quarter and Swaggart H otel / Motel 

Tech is leading UCSD 42-0 . UCSD, which lost last 
week to traditional rival Cal Tech, appears dis-
pirited by the crowd turnout of twelve and the 

boycott by perky c heerleaders announced at a mid-
week fraternity pep rally ." 

Football is back - the issue, that is, not the team. 
UCS D had football for one year, managed to help 

Cal T ec h break its los ing streak of over 30 games 
and then quietly dropped the s port and mo\ed on to 
other thing . 

For the second year in a row, a group of student , 
thi s time backed by the athletic department, wants 
to put a referendum o n the pring A .S . ballot t o 
massi\ ely increasefees and get Divi ion III football. 

They want to increa e fees $.:' 5 a year by more 
than doubling the $40.50 t u-ient act ivity fee . (The 
"big lie" in this case is that the games will be "free"to 
UCS D students.) 

In order to increase the political base for the 
referendum, su pporters are tell ing voters that one-
third of the fee will go to othe r intercollegiate 
athletic team . There is, however, no direct s tipu-
lation to that effect in the refere ndum . A s cost for 
the foo tball team inevitably go up , money will have 
to come from the new fee. Other tea ms will be left in 
the cold. Their money is not guaranteed . 

The initiative is also disappointing becau e: 
• It puts the burden of s upporting a very expensive 

athletic program with few actual participants o n the 
entire student bod y; 
• It represe nts a s hift in the philosophy of the 

athletic department, Which , until this yea r , ha~ been 
committed to providing the greatest possi ble amou nt 
of s tudent participation intercollegiately and with 
intramurals rather than drunken butts on wooden 
bleachers . 

We suggest that the A .S . kill the initiati ve now. or 
that students prepare to hear more numbing rah - ra h 
propaganda about "school pirit." [Ql 

FEIFFERe 

Letters 

'Mexican' 
Inappropriate 

Editor: 
The Tue day, Feb. 16 edition of 

the Guardian contained a big sur-
prise. 

In the "Lights & Sirens"section of 
the paper. the first item said that a 
"19-yea r-old student reported that 
two 20-year-old Mexican males 
pushed him to the ground and robbe.d 
him of $250." 

I was surprised to see that the 
Guardian would run this item. Most 
newspapers have dropped the use of 
such vag ue de criptions because of 
their racist nature. Such an item 
makes all "20-year-old Mexican 
males" a suspect for this crime. As a 
Chicano on campus, that made my 
slOm!lch turn. 

In the sa me Guardian issue, three 
other entries failed to make any note 
of whether the sus pects were white, 
black or Asian. 

I have interned at a newspaperfor 
the pa t four su mmers and have, 
happily, seen most newspapers drop 
such identifications unless they were 

pecific and con~islent. 
What's ironic is that these items 

appeared in the ~ame issue that con-
tained positi\e st ories about Jerome 

colt. a speaker during the month-
long celebration of black hi~tory and 
Nick Aguilar, who was recently 

elected president of the Sweetwater 
Union High School District. 

I hope that the editorial board will 
meet and revise Guardian policy 
concerning their use of such vague, 
racist de criptions . Anything less 
would be tragic. 

Abel R. Rodriluez 
Editor's note: We agree that the 

use of" Mexican males" was inap-
propriate; it slipped throu!{h the edi· 
torial process by oversight, not 
design. The Guardian's policy is to 
provide descriptions of suspects only 
in cases of serious crime in which a 
suspect has not been apprehended 
and the description is complete 
enough to be useful to the public. 

We apologize 10 anyone offended 
by the particular" Lights and Sirens " 
item. 

Retention 
Not So Bad 
Editor: 

By not adjusting for admission 
status, your article "Black Reten-
tion : People and Numbers [Guar-
dian, Feb. 29] paints an overly nega-
t ive picture of Afro-American stu-
dent retention and experiences at 
UCSD. 

Actually, the four-year retention 
rate~ adju ted for admission statu 
present a relatively positive picture 
of the percentage of Afro-American 
~tudcnt~ who ultimately graduate 
from UCS D . For the freshman class 
of 1982, the four-year retention ratc~ 
for regularly admitted students is 59 

percent for Afro-Americans, 58 per-
cent for whites, and 60 percent for all 
regularly admissible students. For 
specia lly admitted students, the 
four-year retention rate are 40 per-
cent for Afro-Americans, 44 percent 
for whites, and 45 percent for all spe-
cially admitted students. 

These figures clearly indicate the 
capability of Afro-American students 
to succeed at UCSD in spite of insti-
tutional weaknesses and racial 
discrimination . 

Joseph W. Watson 
Viee Chancellor 

Undergraduate Affairs 

Funds for 
AAS Needed 
Editor: 

The Asian American Studies 
Committee (AASC) has proposed a 
program that would advance the 
struggle for educational justice on 
this campus. UCSD is the only cam-
pus in the UC system which does not 
have a tenured faculty person to 
teach Asian American Studies, and 
UCSD has never had an Asian 
American Studies program. We feel 
that this situation .is unjust, and we 
fully upport the demand of AASC 
to rectify this unfortunate problem. 

Harold Ticho, the vice chancellor 
of academic affairs, has the author-
ity to allocate the fund s necessa ry to 
establish an Asian American Studies 
Program, and to hire fI tenured Asian 
American faculty per on to teach 

• ee AAS, page 5 

Football is for the Players 
Editor: 

This response to both Michele Frie's and David 
Arroyo\ letter~ [Guardian. Feb. 26 and 29] concerns 
the effect of intercollegiate football at UCSD. 

I agree with Frie to the extent that interCOllegiate 
sports help unite the student body and give the stu-
dents a sense of pride in their :.chool. but I disagree 
that foot ball is the only sport which can accomplish 
these ends. 

Football is a popular sport, and students have a 
tendency to rally around their team. However, the 
belief that football alone is responsible for increasing 
college social life is an entirely individual one. Foot-
ball should tand on itl own merits, and not be based 
solely upon it!> ability to incite partying. For most 

~tudents at llCSD, academics are their highest prior-
ity and will usually come before athletics or extensive 
ociali7ing. 

Arroyo makes the point that UCSD isa unique and 
personable chool. but hi claim that there is not 
enough space on campus to accomodate "the I.M . 
interest," may indicate that he missed t he construction 
project at the northern end of campus. 

Presently in progress is a "super field" - an area 
equivalent to five football fields which will be used by 
the San Diego Chargers for their summer practice. In 
addition there will be an all-weather track enclosing a 
regulation football field. Let me also say that I am an 
active participant of I.M.'s myself, and if there ever 
were any problems concerning this ubject, I would be 
just as distressed as Arroyo seems to be. 

Arroyo is certainly within his; rights not to appre-
ciate football. However, his description of the lame 
as "22 men fight(inal over a football" is a gross over-
simplification. Any sport could be described in the 
same manner; however, there will alway be fanl of 
every sport and penonal preferences are not goin, to 
change an individual's opinion. 

Each sport has its merits. as anyone who has ever 
participated in orpnized athletics can attest. Not the 
least of these i the concept of sportsmanship. Sport -
manship is the ability to play with intensity but not 
anger, and to win and lose gracefully. Football is a 
contact sport and is a physical game. like any other 
sport. football has its own share of poor sport men. A 

See FOOTBALL. p ... ~ 

Monday, March;', 1988 5 

OPINION 

Q&A 
Do you think UCSD should have a football team? 

Yes. I would like to see UCSD 
gt' t a football learn formed, 
u'!!o"unalely we ,seniors and 
somejuniors , won 'I be able 10 see 
any of Ihe games, Ihe only Ihing 
we will see is an added inaease of 
$45 per year to our sludentfen so 
Ihal we can have a learn 10 play in 
two years. 

Jerry Bascom 
Stnior, Warren 

AMES 

Yes, , think the students need 
somelhing 10 sociall). bring Ihem 
together, and to have some sort 
of tradition . BOlh UC Berkele)' 
and UCLA ore outstanding 
schools and Ihey are capable of 
having a fool ball learn, why 
shouldn 't we have one? This 
school spends so much monel' on 
buildings. you would Ihink sia"· 
ing a foolball team would be a 
minimal COSI. 

Laura Alorio 
Freshman, Third 
Political Science 

Football for Players 
Continued from pale 4 
good coach can instill the appro-
priate values in his team, as any 
quality program would demand . 

The bottom line is that there 
are students at UCSD who wish 
10 play intercollegiate football at 
the Division III level. There is no 
intent to be another UCLA or 

Berkeley. Arroyo's "numerous 
clubs and student government 
committee "approach to becom-
ing actively involved in univer-
sity life is certainly valid . 

Possibly, Arroyo's omission 
of the 1. M. and intercollegiate 
programs was a mere over ighl. 
Many students seem to feel that 

Nv, I don't think so. , don'l 
miss football gaml'S. 1 think 
UCSD has enough good athletic 
programs. I think we ('an do 
without afoolball learn. 

Troy Viss 
Senior, Revelle 

Communications 

these programs are another way 
of becoming actively involved as 
well. For the people who wish to 
participate in football , either as a 
player or interested spectator, 
there should be an opportunity 
10 do so. 

I urge each student to consider 
the impending sport ! football 
referendum, and to imagine 
your elf in the same sitllation as 
those athletes who desire to 

Yes , mal'be because Ihen we 
would be ~ real college and we 
could also find out whal our 
mascot is. 

Connie Doolen 
Junior, Muir 

Physics 

, don 'I know, )'es. 'think we 
should go ahead and get a fool-
bal/tf'am. It won 'I affecl Ihf' siu-
dents who come here, because the 
academic standards wouldn'l 
change. 

Richard Thompson 
Freshman, Muir 

Pre-CSE 

photos and interviews by Kathleen Donahue 

compete in the sport of their 
choice. 

Editor s note: Vilale is the son 
of Frank Vitale, Sr., a physical 
education supervisor here. 

AAS"-------
Continued from page 4 
and develop such a program. 

We urge students to contact 
M r. Ticho a nd pledge their sup-
port for the proposal. We feel 
that in order to tear down the 
walls of racial injustice that have 

been erected in America, it is 
necessary for all peoples to unite 
in the fight for equality. Recog-
nizing the importance of Asian 
American history is one small 
but important step in this fight. 
Progressive Student Association 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

::: ~~ ~ ~::: :;: I..L§:1 I..L.Y THE A.S. WANTS YOU · · · I..L§:1 lL§;=t :;: 
~ HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO GET INVOLVED AND HAVE A VOICE ON CAMPUS. ~ 
)} RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 1988 A.S. ELECTIONS: )} 
)} )} 

~ FILING BEGINS MARCH 7th at 8:00 AM ~ 
)} LAST DAY TO FILE: APRIL 4TH, 4:00 PM )} )} )} 

~ NO FILING DURING FINALS OR BREAK WEEKI I I ~ 
)} )} 

~ WHERE: IN THE A.S. OFFICE WITH PATTY, UPSTAIRS IN STUDENT CENTER "A". ~ 
)} VOTING DAYS: APRIL 12th and APRIL 13th )} 
)} )} 

~ THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS WILL BE AVAILABLE: ~ 
)} A.5. President )} 
)} Vice President Administrative )} 
)} Vice President Finance )} 

~ Vice President External Affairs ~ 
)} Commissioner of Academic Affairs ;} 
)} Commissioner of Communications )} 
)} Commissioner of Programming )} 
)} Commissioner of Public Relations )} 
)} Commissioner of Operations, Services & Enterprises )} 
)} Commissioner of University Center Board )} 
)} Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators from each College )} 
)} )} 
)} FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT PArrY IN THE A.S. OFFICE AT EXT. 44450. OR )} 

~ COME UP TO THE A.S. OFFICE, UPSTAIRS IN STUDENT CENTER A, ABOVE EDNA. : 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



6 MOllday. March ;'. /988'--------------------------------------------------------_ 
SERVlCES/WORtCSHOPS 
Monday 
9 :00-'0:00 .... - "'lcohol and Substance Abuse Peer 
Counseling 00 you l'I.We qut"St.ons or concerns regard'ng 
your use of alcohol or drugs 7 lire you worned abOut ~ 
family member 01 friend 7 Peer (ouns~Jors art av2ulable to 
discuss your questions and concerns dUring w~lk·,n hOur 
No ppotntment IS n~ess,-"ry For additional Information. 
please call sara IIrroyo or ~bb,e IIIIen at 534 -3875 
Locat'on HSS 2056 
'0:00-1.00 pm - Peer Counseling for women Students 
Need to talk to someon~ about personall~sues? Want to 
communlcal!' With a trailled pee'r counselor who has 
expeflence Similar to your$ 7 P~r (ounselor~ supervrsed by 
Psychological and Counseling SeIVICes ava"able for con 
fidem,al sess,ons Drop-'ns welcome HSS 2056 
4.10-6:00 p ... - Lesb,an Graduate Student Support 
Group Informal dISCUSSIon and support group ,n whlcn 
\.YOmen are weleDrnt' and confidentiality IS rrospected Led 
by Laura. peer counselor 
4 :10-':00 p... - Recoveflng from Eat'ng D,sorders 
Group III Th,s group. for students w'th a history of serIOus 
concerns abOut eating. focust"S upon bU.'d,ng the 
psycholog,cal sk,IIs nect"Ssary for full recovery and en-
hanong personal potent,al Led by B""erly HaJ)u and Amy 
Burke. peer counselor Call Dr HarjU for a prellm,nary 
InteMew. 534-3987 location 302 we 
':10-1:00 pm - Cose.ual Support GrOllp Gay and 
It"SOIan peer counselors lead thIS orop-,n dISCUSSIon group. 
cove"ng ISSUt"S relat,ng to gay and b'sexual men and 
women Led by Jeff and Kathy peer counselors Location 
412 we Free 
""'ad.., 
1 :lo-'O:OO.m - Gay aM BISexual Men's SUpport 
Grouo A confident'al support group lor bOth under-
graduate and gradu.-:Itt' men whO cue elthfor questioning 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Monday-"rlday 
1:00-4:00p'" - SIGI - System 01 Interactove GUIdance 
and Information IS a computer-run. career deCISiOn-
makIng and plannIng program Career SeIVICt"S Center 
Fee 110 
•• 00-4.10 p... - The Language Program prov,dt"S 
assIstance to students whose first language IS not English. 
and to those do,ng work In SpanISh. French. Italian. 
German and Other languages II dIagnostic test on Wrlnen 
EnglISh as a second language IS avaIlable on request Call 
534-2284 for more ,nlormatlOn Locat,on' USB 4010 Free 
•• 00-4:10 p... - OIISIS W"tlng Center o ffers free 
service for all UCSO students who need pre-wrmng help, 
conferences on drafts and edll'ng adv,ce We engage any 
k,nd 01 writing and any kInd of w""ng problem Confer-
fflCt"S are by appo'ntment only Even.ng appo'ntments are 
also ava,labie ,n OIlSIS Thord Place at ThIrd College. 
Warren Apts. Muor College aM at Thord dorms IFor full 
range of SeMces see lhe back of the currenl class 
schedule 1 Call 534- 2284 or come by USB 401010 make an 
appo'ntment ThIS seMC" IS av",lable throughout the 
quarter Sponsored by the OIlSIS Wm'ng Center Free 
I :10-4:00 pm - Drop-,n a<MSlng nours For help WIth 
career goals.JOb hUnting. resume preparation or explor'ng 
profesSIonal or graduate school opportunlt.es NO appoint-
ment necessary. Just walk-In Career ~M(es Cent~r Fr~ 
Mond.., 
1 0 :10pm - lntelV,ew,ng Sk,IIs Workshop 00 you need 
help In preparing for Job ImeMews 7 Career ServlC!"S 
Center will prOVide tIpS on (he best ways to prf"Sent your 
quall'lCauons and what lond at In{f"rvrew QuestIOns [Q 
expect Free. 
2:00-):00 pm - The OASIS GM IGr ~mmar ~nd Mechan-
,cs/ Workshop's des'gned for stud"nts whose first lan-
guage IS not English and who wou'd /Ike to work on 
clarifying baSIC grammatical concept< and apply'ng them 
In extensIVe. systematic senes of prt:tolCai e~erCises An 
elter{lse manui'I Will be used All work will be completed In 
the context 01 the workshop location USB 4010 Free 
Tuesday 
, 1 :00." - Early bird on-campus ImeMe'Wonentatlons 
Get a Jump on next quarter son-campus ,ntervlews by 
attending a mandatory orientation now Career ~rvlCes 
Center Free 
Thursd.., 
2 :00 pm - F,nd'ng the h,dden JOb market - E'ghty 
percent of all JOb vi'canof'S are unadvertised This work-
shop Will teach you the most effectJ\le way to find them 
Career ServiCes Center Free 
F,ld.., 
':)0 pm - Intervlewmg SkIlls Workshop 00 you need 
help In prepanng for JOO Interviews? Career ServiCes 
Center WIll prov,de tipS on me beSt ways to present your 
qualificatIons and what kInd of Interview questions to 
expect Frf'f' 

WffHl~ 
REUGIOUS FlJNCT10NS 
Monday 
U,OO-!rOO p ... - Come JOIn the LOSSII ,n study'ng 
Gospel Pr,nciplt"S and/or the Old Testament M eet us al 
the LOS Institute across N Torrey P,nes from Tioga Hall 
lwest SIde of bUlId,ng). ViSitOrs welcomel The Mormons. 
7.00-9:00 '"" - llsian-Ame"can Chnsuan Fellowshtp 
Come one come alii This is our last meet'ng o f w,m er 
quarter l JoIn US w ith Rich Hong for a "Lamentation night " 
Note our locatIOn' N Conference Room. Free. 
l'UeMIII)r 
1 .... 4100 or .... 5100 '"" - Come JO,n the LOSSII In 
studying Gospel Principles and/or the Old Tt"Stamenl. 
M.-et us at the LOS Ins tJtut~ across N . Torrey Pines from 
Troga Hall Iwest side of bU,'d,ng / ViSI tOrs w elcomel The 
Mormons 
5,00 '"" - Catholic M ass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Commurllty at UCSO. UrwerSlty Lutheran Church on the 
corner o f N Torrey PInes and La Jolla Short"S Drllle 
........ ." 
, ' .... '100 pm - Come JOIn the LOSSII ,n study'ng 
Gospel Pr,ncip les and/or the O ld Testament. Meet us at 
the LOS Institute across N . Torr")' PInes hC'm TIOga Hall 
lwesl SIde o f bU,ldlngl Visitors welcomel The Mormons 
1100 '"" - Catholic M ass Sponsored by lhe CatholIC 
CommunIty at UCSD. UrwerSlty Lutheran ChUrch on the 
corner 01 N Torr,,), Pines and La Jolla Short"S Drive 

the" se.uahty or who already ,dent,fy as gay or OIse.ual 
Led by Crald W,pse and B"an Johnson. 534-3755 
Locauon H/UL 1003 Free 
2:00-1:00 pm - Let go of stress nd anXiety II weekly 
group deSIgned to teach methods of rplaxong and deahng 
w'th stress and aro.'~t\' Led by sara Arroyo. 534- 3585 
Locat ,on H/UL 1003 Free 
2:10-4.00 pm - SUpport/OIscuS>lOn Group lor Students 
who are Parents FInally a support/d,swss,on group lor 
Students who are PIIRENTSI Come to d,scuss parent,ng 
ISsues d,soplone. quahty t,me. SCheduling. Ume manage-
menl and to meet othl>r par~nts Tnt' group Ie; sponsOlf'd 
by PsychologICal Service, See you ther .. ' Location MUir 
Conlerence Room/HSS 214B 
1 :00-4:10 P'" - Graduate Women In Humanllit's For 
women tnterestf'd In exploring their t::oncerns as graduate 
students. relatlonsh,ps. develOp,ng per60nally and ,nter-
personally To s'gn up. contact Wilma Busse. 534-3585 
Locat'on HSS 2121> 
7:00-':10 pm - Undergraduate Women's Support 
Gtoup ThIs group Will explore women , rOles. relatIOn-
ShiPS, assertNeness In both schcx>l and personal Itfe. and 
any other top'cs that are currently on your m,nd Led by 
peer counselors from Psychological and Counseling Ser-
VlCt"S For more ,nformauon call Marney at 7'12-5731. or liz 
at 454-9332 Locat,on Womer"'s Rt"SOurce Center 
WedneSd.., 
10:00-11 :00 .... - Alcohol and SUbstance AbUse Peer 
Counseling 00 you have qut"St.ons or concerns regard'ng 
your use of alCOhOl or drugs? Are you warned about a 
fam,ly ~mber or friend? P~r counselors are a\I<ulable to 
diSCUSS your questions and concerns dUring walk-In hours 
No appo'ntment IS necessary For addluonal ,nformatlOn. 
please call sara IIrroyo or ~bb,e Allen at 534-3B 75 
LocatIOn HSS 2051> 
I I :OO-'2:JO pm - Women's SUpportjTherapy Group 

':00 pm - Suppel OS selVed to ,tudents by the 
townspeople at UnlllerSlty Lutheran Church DonatIOn 
requested bUt not reqUIred Everyone IS welcom~ 
UnIVersIty Lutheran Churctl on the corner of N . Torrey 
PInes and La Jolla Shores Dr""'. 
7:00 p ... - "Paul the Apostle" IS the study tOPIC led by 
Campus Pastor John Huber Open to all University 
Lutheran ChUrch on the corner of N Torrey P,nes and La 
Jolla Short"S D rllle. 
7.10-.:10 p ... - "F,nding Yourself In the Parabl~ o f 
Jt"Sus" - the JOb of ,dent'fy,ng with Jesus' own words In 
the New Testament can be yours for the ne. t several 
weeks as we explore this e' cot'ng topIC Sponsored by 
UnIted Campus MInIStry For all chr istIan students and 
serIOUS seekers Student Center Bldg B. South Conlerence 
Room. Free. 
9.10 '"" - Candleflght M ass Sponsored by the CatholIC 
Student Coordinators at UCSO. " qu,et medltat"'" tIme for 
sharIng WIth others. UnIVerSIty Lutheran ChUrch on the 
fOrner o f N Torrey PInes and La Jolla Shores DrIVe 
"" .... day 
1.00-4.00 ..... 4.00-5:00 p ... - Come JOin LOSSA ,n 
studying GoSpel P"nclplt"S and/or the Old Testament 
Meet uS at the LOS Inst ,tute across N Torrey P,nes from 
TJOga Hall Iwt"S' s,de of bU,'dlng/ ViSI tor • ..,.,Icome The 
Mormons 
5.00 '"" - Cat holiC MaS! Sponsored by the Cathohc 
Community at UCSO u nlllersitv Lutheran ChUrCh on the 

• • 

.-or WUIIIt'! I !)luUenl~ dye~ 1..:> yea, ~ ana UIU(:'I III~ gloup 
w,II address sp~cof'c topics 01 'nterest to wom~n To s'gn 
uo contact D~br~ Allen. 534-3585 between 8 30am and 
4 30 pm Location H/UL 1003 
1 :00-' :10 pm - ~pport Group for ChICano/Hosp,nll 
lL.ltlno/MelCKJn Amt'n((11l Men and Women Student 
Focus on graduation, If" rn from ;:.nd he-Ip t'<lCh o thf"r II) 
acqUl"ng s.,IIs for cop,ng w,rn 'ssues of student "'e such 
as academ,es. money r~lat,onshlps. fam,ly. lIVIng Slwanons 
and culture. etc led by Dan Munoz. ~ra Arr 0 and 
Lindsay (.,deron Call Dan ar 534-1579 lor ,nformat lOn 
Mounri'ln View Lounge 
1:00-4:10 pm - Recovf'flng from Ear'ng D,sorders 
Group III ThIS group. for students With a hostoryof'e"ous 
concerns abOut eaung. locuses upon bUilding the 
psychologIcal sk,IIs necessary for full recovery ~nd en-
hanong personal potentIal Led by Beverly HarjU and Amy 
Burke. peer counselor Call Dr HarjU for a preliminary 
,ntervlew. 534-39B7 Location 302 we 
4:10-':00 pm - Lt"Sb'an/Bose.u.' SUpport Group Thos 
weekly group IS for undergr aduate women Inlerested In 
peer support. discusSIon of personal concerns. relat'on-
snIps and SOCIal ISsues Led by Kathy and Laura. peer 
counseiors The Women's Resource Center 
"" .. nday 
9:00-11:00 .... - lIlcohol and SubStanCe libUse Peer 
Counsel,ng 00 you l'I.We quest ions or concerns regard,ng 
your use or alcohol or drugs 7 "r~ you worried abOut a 
famIly member or 'nend7 Peer counselors are aval lablf' to 
d,scuss your questions and concerns durIng wa!k-;n hours 
No appo.ntment is necessary. For additional Informat ion. 
please call sara IIrroyo or Debbie IIIIen at 5 34-3875. 
locatIon HSS 2051> 
J.I0-5.00 pm - Black W omen 's Support Group. For 
black women Igraduate or undergraduatel focUSIng on 
personal. Im erpersonal and academiC Issues. To Sign up. 

fI Rochelle Ba,.,en M ~l4- J03S Locarion' H/U L 1003 

photo by Bryan BII,..u 

corner of N Torrey I'lnes and La Jolla Shores Drllle. 
5.45 p ... - me Thursday Donner ALL YOU CAN Ell TI 
Homemade fOOd and great company. Sponso red by the 

.Catholic Student CoordInators. Un,verslty Lutheran 
ChUrch on the corner o f N . Torrey PInes and La Jolla 
Shores DrM'. Donation. 12.00. 
7 •• 0,"" - Bible Stuett - Episcopal College Students. SI. 
Ehzabeth's ChUrctl. 2B25 Merton " ve. For in formation call 
Fr 8,11 Mahedy at 565-661>1. 

""dar 
".OOp ... -Lunch and Lecture. The LDSSII presents thl. 
Friday Foru m. Come jo,n us at the l.OS In.'f' ut f for grilled 
cheese sandwiches and soup at 12 and a speaker at 12:30 
IIcross N Torr,,), P,nt"S from TIoga Hall I"""'t side of 
bUridlng/ Admission or 12. free for fi rst t,mers. 
5.00 p ... - Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Commun,ty at UCSO UniversIty Lutheran ChUrch on the 
corner 01 N . To rr")' Pines and La Jolla Shores DrIVe 
7.00 p ... - EKperience worSh ip and christian lellowshlp 
""ery fr,day nigh t WIth CHI IILPHII Sou th Conlerence 
Room. Student Center Bu"d,ng B. Free 
S-'day 
5.00 p ... - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by tne Catnellc 
Commun,ty at UCSO Unlllersoty Lut heran ChUrch on the 
corner o f N Torrey PInes and La Jolla Short"S D"lIe 
Sunday 
1.00 ..... '0100 .... - Episcopal Church WorshIp 

4:00-5:10 pm - Recove"ng from EalJng DISorders 
Group II ThIS group ror students w/(h" history of Sf'rlOUS 
concerns ~bout e,wng. focuses upon bluldlnq thl!' 

pSYCholog,c~1 Skl" ~ ne(essary lor full recovery ,no en· 
Mncong personal pott'lt .. ' Led by Beverly HarjU ~rod "rT1)-
Burke pet'r couns~'ol \...rlU Or HMJU for a prf'ltmlnary 
,nteMew 534-3987 Locat,on 30} WC 
"rid.., 
9:00-11:00 am - Alcohol and Substanc~ Abuse Peer 
Counst"hng Do you havro qUf"stton~ or concerns reqiudt"g 
your use of (l/cohOl 01 drugs 7 AI f!' you worrlen "bout (I 

t~mdy member or fflend 7 ref'r counselors are C1Vall~ble (0 
diSCUSS your questions clnd concerns dUring walk-In nows 
N o apPO,ntment IS necessary For add,t,onal ,nformatlOn. 
please call sara Arroyo or Debb,e "lien at 534-3875 
location HSS 2056 
I 1.00-5.00 p ... - Peer Counsel,ng for WOmen Students 
Need to talk [0 someone about ptorsonallssues7 Want to 
communicate w ith a trained peer counselor who has 
experoence Slm"ar to yours? Peer counselors SUperviSed by 
Psychological and Counseling SeIVICt"S ava,'ab 'e lor con-
fidential seSSIOns Drop-'ns welcome. HSS 2056 
,.00-2.10 '"" - RED AnoreXIa Group " group for 
indIVIduals expenerlClng diffIcult ies due to anoreJaa led 
by g"an Johnson. 534-0256 Call B"an for Information 
and to SIgn up location H/ UL 1003 Free 
,.00-4:00 pm - Ilicohol and Substance " bUse Group If 
you have ""er asked yourself. "00 I have a problemT' 
chances are you do have a few things to talk abOut 
Students ,mert"Sl ed please call Dan Munoz at 534-1579. 
R"""IIe Provost's O ffice 
4.00-5.10 pili - Campus 81aCk Forum. II weekly. 
Informal group on the ISSUes. concerns and q uahtyof !t feof 
the Black commun,ty at UCSD For Inlormat ,on. contact 
Rochelle Bastien. 534- 3035, or Ph" Rap hael, 534-0252. 
MountaIn View Lounge 

DISCUSSION 
....... 
2 .... 1100 p ... - It's final's week aga,n ... lat least ,t is 
gettIng closel. Don't you feel so stressed our that you leet 
like dropping out right now7 lit ;"ast I am. For a linle 
cnange o f pace. Come to our Birth Contro l Sess ion at the 
red room on the second floor o f Student Health. Free. 
1'IIeN"J 
U:OO-1:00 '"" - For all 01 you engineers who are 
interested ,n the mathematlcal model o f t he mass uansfer 
rate o f sperm ,n a sponge and the proof that no sperm 
actually get through. come to our btrth control st"Sslon 
Second floor Sl udent Health Free. 
-........, 
U.OO-,.OO p ... - Be an origlnall Come to our BIrth 
C nerol sesSIon so you can brag to all or your (nends about 
what you have learned In the wonderfu l world 01 OIrth 
contraceptllles. Bel,,,,,e me, hav,ng proper knowledge of 
b'rth control does wonderS for your popula"tyl Second 
floor. red room Student Heillth Free 
""und.., 
I 2.00- I :00 pm - ThIS IS your las t chance thIS quarter to 
learn all you want abOut belng a healthy womarl What IS 
a pelvIC exam 7 How can you avoid Infections 7 \XIhat IS 
good nutrltlon1 See you at the second floor roo ronm In 
Student Htalth Free 
s.turd.., 
7:00pm - Lectureon Neuropsycholog,calscreenong 'or 
organIc Impairment. United States Internal/onal UniverSity 
Green Hall 13 admISSIOn 

ENTERTAINMENT 
'_theW. .. 
W,n a free T-shortll Enter In IIPSA's T-shirt Logo Contest I 
Here's .your chance to have your artwork dISplayed on 
dozens of proud cht"Stl Submll a contemporary des'gn on 
an 8-1/2 x " whIte sheet o f paper uSIng the acronym. 
APSA. or the entlfe AsIan PaCific Student A lliance name 
Orop entne5 off iit the APSA office For more Info call 
534-2048. F,et' 
'rid.., 
12100 p ... - ft s that time 01 ye~r - Roger Revelle's 
B-dayll Come help us celebrate WIth FREE cake and ICe 
cream. If you wear anyth'ng says Revelle on It, you get 
'TWO FREE SCOOPS o f ICe creamll Also. you can take a 
picture " f you and Roger R""ellell R""elle Plaza Free 

R.CREAnON 
TUesday 
7.00 '"" - Windsurf Blues? Baja howls 'n spring. and we 
nave two weeks to kill . So come to the meet ing to get 
detaIls. HSS 2150. 
Thu .. day 
6:00-7:00 '"" - W rt"Stling ClUb team inaugural meeting. 
Open to beginners and veterans. H SS 11 38. 
1r000, O:OOp ... - Sconosh Country Dance Class Weekly 
cfass. Everyone welcome. For more ,n formal.on. call 452-
2735 Wt"St balcony. maIn gym. Free 

SelVlce: Sunday Eurcharlst and ParISh fellowsh,p. GOOd 
samaritan EpIscopal ChUrch. 4321 Eastgate Mall. lacross 
Genesee from east end of campus. nann 01 La Jolla Village 
Dr""" intersectIOn of Eastgate and ~eel. 
IrIO _ - CatholIC Mass. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. LJniversrty Lutheran ChUrch on the 
corner 01 N . Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive 

... 10 _ - College age class for stud\' and fellowship 
held weekly WIthIn easy access to campus. Sponsored by 
United Campus Ministry Torrey PInes Cty,stian ChUrch. 
8320 La JOlla Scenic DriIIe. North. InformatIOn 453-3550. 
UhOO _ - Luthern worship service. 1111 are welcome. 
Refrt"Shments and BIble study follows. university Lutheran 
ChUrch on the corner of N Torrey Pines and La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 
1.00 p .. - Catholic Mass Sponsored by the Catholic 
Community at UCSO. university Lutheran ChUrch on the 
corner of N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla Short"S DrM'. 
P'nes and La Jolla Shores DrM' 
6:.0 pili - Ecumenical couples IProtestant-Cathoilc / 
have a potluck supper Unl\lerSlty lutheran ChUrch on the 
corner o f N Torrey Pines and La JOlla Short"S Drllle. 
Pines and La Jolla Shores DrM'. 
9:00 p ... - Catholic Mass Sponsored by t.he Cat holic 
Communoty at UCSD. UnoverSlty Lutheran Church on lhe 
corner 01 N Torrey PInes and La Jolla Shores DrIVe 
P,nt"S and La Jolla Shor.., Dr"", 

Monday . March 7. 1988 7 

NEWS 

Condom sales: 2.5 per day 
By ISABELLE TIHANYI 
SlIqf Wr;'~' 

The condom vending machines 
installed in the Student Center 
restrooms last fall have per-
formed up to University expec-
tations. 

Approx imately 80 per-
cent of the condoms have 
been sold in the men 's rest-
rooms. 

are dispensed per day, and the 
total net profit so far has been 
$49.32. The earnings are used to 
help maintain the restrooms, 
which are paid for by the Univer-
sity Center. 

Each "Protex" condom is sold 
in an individually packaged unit 
with complete instructions. Other 
brands (Trojan and Sheik) are 
al 0 a vailable in packages of 
three units at the Student Health 
Center pharmacy for $.95 . 

A.S . com miss io ner J o hnny 
Palter on said 1 ha t t he cond om 
machines ha ve received positive 
reaction from students. "It is a n 
important health issue and helps 
to promote safety and awareness 
[in) the student s." Patterson 
said . lill 

One of several on campus, this 
vend ing machine dispenses 
condoms in a Student Center 
restroom. 

A total of 419 u nits have bee n 
sold for $.50 each, said Jim Car-
ruthers , University Center direc-
tor. Approximately 80 percent 
have been dispensed through the 
men's restroom. This high quan-
tity contrasts with the national 
data showing that more women 
purchase condoms than men , 
Carruthers said. 

SDSU ends condom sales 
An average of 2.5 condoms 

CIA 
Continued from pale 3 
no longer administer the PATS . 

ETS spokesperson Susan 
Olnick said that "UCLA re-
quested that the test center be 
moved off campus." When asked 
why it was cancelled, Olnich said 
that UCLA had several reasons, 
but student demonstrations was 
the main one . When asked if 
ETS had initiated this cancel-
lationofthe PATBallhe UCLA 
test center, Olnick replied "No." 

By ISABELLE TIHANYI 
Staff Writer 

San Diego State University 
has recently been spotlighted by 
Channel 10 news commentator 
Michael Tuck because of the 
removal of condoms from cam-
pus vending machines. 

A total of approximately 4,000 
condoms were sold campuswide 
through the health center and 
campus Aztec shops last semes-
ter. Considering that 33,000 stu-
dents attend the university, this 
is a rather low amount. 

The condoms were distributed 
through the last slot of cigarette 

machines (instead of the tobacco 
packages) . Thi s di stribution 
differs from UCS D's specialized 
condom vending machines, 
which are currentl y located only 
in certain campus restrooms. 

In a c('ntroversial move, To m 
Day, SDSU president . requested 
the removal of the condoms from 
the cigarette machines. Accord-
ing to Donna Tusack , manage-
ment services director of Aztec 
Shops, Day said that the con-
doms were a health issue and 
that they should be sold so that 
relevant literature and informa-
tion regarding proper use could 
be readily available to stu-
dents . lill 

~bove , women bicycl ists prepare to race around campus dur-
Ing the weekend. Below, men cyclists race around a corner. 

U~IVE~SIT~ ~()()I\ST()~E 

JOSTENS 
AMER' C A 5 COL L EG E R , N G 

Come visit a Jostens' Representative 
March 9, 10, & 11 

in froot of the 
University Bookstore! 

10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. 
Depot. 1]0.00 

OPEN MONDAY-FRIDAY 7:4SAM-S:lSPM/SAT. 
lO:OOAM-4:00PM/CLOSED SUNDAYS & HOUDA YS. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NOW IS THE TIME TO fOCUS YOUR 
ATft:NTION ON Ht:ALTO CARt: AND 

SAVE 
--------------------------------

DENTAL t:XAM ~ 
Nt:Ct:SSARY X-RAYS $10°0 

(Reg. S18) 
I I 
I I 
I DENTAL GROUP I 
I Student Health Services 534.2080 I I I 
I MIst prallt .. is ~. One 1* CIIShllller. Valid tllni 4/11/88. I 
1 ______ ----------------------------! SINGlE VISION GlASSES lOW $500 : 
I OFF : 

: BI-fOCAL GlASSES NOW $1 000 : 
I OFF I 
: When frame and lenses are purcbased togetber : 
I VISUAL CAIU I 
: Student Health Services 534·2602 : 
I I 
I Must Pleseat this COIPOII· One pel mtomel. Valid t~IU ~/30/88. I 

--------------------------------_ . 



8 Monday. March 7'. )988 

UCSD plays it safe 

UCSD Crime Prevention Officer AI Jenkins feels that campus 
safety relies on individual action and behavior as much as it does 
on an efficient pol ice depa rtment. 

By JULIE MUNRO 
Staff Writtr 

She was quickly skimming the last page of the as-signed sociology reading 
when the lights uddenly flicked 
off. You could hear a pin drop 
on the seventh floor of Central 
Library where she sat staring out 
the window. She could see the 
lights of the concrete apartment 
building that was her home. The 
thought of calling a CSO to 
escort her there seemed some-
what tedious, but then an image 
of the notice posted in the bath-
room flashed into her mind . The 
composite of a man who attacked 
a girl near Central fall quarter 
gave her second thoughts about 
walking alone. 

Get out of the books 
and into the woods 
at Torrey Pines Reserve 
By ERIC KNUTZEN 
Guardian Inttrn 

Sand y cliffs glowing brown in the afternoon sun rise 300 feet above a placid sea. 
A lush growth of sage and an 
occasional pine tree cover the 
landscape atop the precipice. In 
a parking lot nearby, families 
wearing T-shirts and jeans, the 
uniform of the suburban tourist 
on the prowl , empty from large 
American cars. 

The splendor of Torrey Pines 
State Reserve lies just a short bus 
ride from the dreary concrete 
bunkersofUCSO. LiketheSanta 
Monica mountains of Los An-
geles , Torrey Pines State Reserve 
i "an urban park - 2,000 acres of 
wilderness surrounded by the 
track homes and industrial parks 
of North County. 

On this weekend , a handful of 
people gather at the visi tor's cen-
ter, a Oisneyesque adobe build-
109, awaiting the Saturday 
afternoon nature walk . Waiting 
in the darkness of the small 
museum, one finds a taxi-
dermist's impressions of the 

Reserve's wildlife . Stuffed 
coyotes, owls, and mounta in 
lions cast a c1usty stare at the vis-
itors . Millicent Horger, a dot:ent 
for over 10 years, announces the 
beginning of the walk , and leads 
a small group out into the reserve, 
stopping to stand before a Tor-
rey pine tree. 

"The female cones . in three 
years, become the great big pine 
cones," Horger said, while grasp-
ing the young branch of a small 
tree. "The male cone isn't very 
important. After it has done its 
thing and scattered its pollen it 
j ust falls off on the ground." 

With clusters of five needles, 
the Torrey Pine, or "Pinus Tor-

Torrey Pines State Reserve elC'ists 
for the protection of this tree. 

The Scripps family, whose 
name dots the local institutional 
landscape like sage along the 
trails of the reserve, gave the 
land to the city of San Diego. 
The state of California took over 
in the '50s and continues to 
maintain the delicate natural 
environment. 

"Everyone thinks of the Zoo 
and Sea World when they come 
to San Diego," said Melba Koo-
yman , one of the many docents 
who help the understaffed 
rangers . " But Torrey Pines is a 
rea I secret." 

From the blue herons and 

"The male cone isn't very important. After 
it has done its thing and scattered its pollen it 
just falls off on the ground," 

reyana," is the nation's rarest 
pine tree, growing only in La 
10lla and on Santa Rosa Island . 

-Millicent Horger 

egrets of the Los Penasquitos 
Lagoon to the nudists of Blacks 
Beach , Torrey Pines State 
Reserve offers recreation for 
eclectic tastes. But the manage-
ment of these diverse terrains is 

,guided by one st rict philosophy. 
"We opened it as an outdoor 

museum," sai d State Park 
Ranger Greg Hackett , "so that 
with a little imagination, [one 
can imagine] it could be two or 
three hundred years ago." 

In orderto maintain the natur-
al beauty of the reserve, the 
rangers have created an impres-
sive list of "don'ts." 

"We don't let people go down 
the trail with their bologna 
sandwich and their bag of Fri-
tos," Ha ckett said . Add to this 
li st: don't moke, don't let dogs 
tra y from the trail, and don't 

collect pine co nes or wildflower~ . 
These rule~ help preserve the 

ma in attrac ti o n of the rc~crvc­
wilderne unt ouched by hurna n 
hand s. The gooc..l M:n~e behind 
these rules proves itself in Fe b-
ruaryand March when the wild -

See OA Y, pale. II 

Ju t how afe is our campus? 
What is being done to protect the 
security of our possessions and 
ourselves? There was one re-
ported rape on campus last year 
and one attempted rape - only 
seven rapes have been reported 
in the past 10 years. 

In 1987, there were three armed 
robberies , nine aggravated as-
saults (with injury), and 18 sim-
ple assaults (without injury) . 
There were also 196 auto bur-
glaries, 70 auto thefts, 131 bicy-
cle thefts, and 518 other thefts . 
UCSf) has 25 police officers, 21 
campus security officers 
(CSOs), and security guards in 
every residence area . What can 
we conclude from all these 
numbers? 

UCSO's crime prevention of-

ficer AI Jenkins aid, "I have no 
qualms about saying this is a safe 
campus . .. I don't think people 
have to be deathly scared to walk 
around this campus at night." 
And many students are not. Sta-
cey Leyson, a Warren sopho-
more, walks home from the 
Revelle dorms at night without 
giving it a second thought. She 
said, "It isn't lit very well, but I 
do it anyway." Leyson said she 
"would not walk around USC," 
but that she feels relatively safe 
here. Jennifer Blumenfeld, also a 
Warren sophomore, walks from 
Central Library to her on-campus 
apartment alone "now that they 
put the lights in" by the construc-
tion sites along the road between 
Central and the Warren apart-

See SAFETV, page 9 

Torrey Pines Reserve was opened as in outdoor museum. To 
preserve the beauty 01 the land. visitors must leave their city habits 
behind at the park enlrance. 

s'\t"enS w. j \ 
\i ,"'t in offiCe 

d .IA . i. 
~ '" t"C D",,, i~ ~"~'e 

Safety 
Continued from pale 8 
ments. 

On the other side of the coin, 
Jenkins suggested to "use some 
common sense." He warned, "I'm 
not saying things can't happen" 
- or that they haven't and won't 
happen. "Try to stay in the well-
lit areas. Walk with someone if 
you can." Jenkins emphasized 
that everyone must "take some 
responsibility" because "safety 
and security depends on the in-
dividual." He advises people to 
find out what they can do to pro-
tect themselves and their prop-
erty, and then to do it . 

One thing people can do is call 
the community service officers 
(CSOs) who are available to 
escort students, staff, or faculty 
from one point to another' on 
campus. They are on duty from 5 
pm to I :30 am every day. Jenkins 
said their main function is to 
escort, but that they also act as 
an extra pair of eyes and ears at 
night, when there are only three 
to five officers on duty. 

Jenkins said, '1CSOs] have 
been instrumental in . . . some 
fantastic arrests ." When CSOs 
are free they also patrol 
parking lots, lock buildings on 
weekends, write parking tickets, 
and sometimes direct traffic. 

Trained in CPR and traffic con-
trol, CSOs also write discrep-
ency reports to appropriate peo-
ple to call attention to burnt-out 
lights, structural hazards, open 
doors, or other safety and secur-
ity threats . 

Some students do not like to 
call CSOs. Leyson ~aid she has 
never tried to call for an escort. 
She said that before I :30 am 
"you may as well walk home," 
and that later, when they are 
unavailable, is when "you really 
want them." Blumenfeld walks 
from Central to the Warren 
apartments alone because calling 
a CSO "takes a long time." How-
ever, there are definitely those 
who feel that an escort is worth 
the time. The program receives 
from 50 to 100 calls per night on 
the weekdays, but fewer on the 
weekends . 

Bill Madsen, a Third senior, 
has been a CSO for two years. 
He said a person can normally 
expect to wait five to 10 minutes 
for a CSO, but that in the past 
few weeks, because of "a shor-
tage of guys ... there have been 
some times where they've had to 
wait 15 minutes" during peak 
hours (between 6 pm and 8 pm). 
Madsen said they have had five 
CSOs working each night but 
eight to 10 more will be hired for 
spring quarter and an average of 

~even CSOs should be working 
each weeknight. Madsen added 

25th Year 
Guadalajara' Summer Program 

I" University of San Diego 
June 29·August 4, 1988 

Courses fully accredited by Western Association of 
Schools and Colleges (W ASC). Spanish language 
at all levels, Bi-lingual and Special Education, Art, 
Folk Dance, Literature, Folklore, History, 
Sociology, Cross-Cultural Studies, Guitar, 
Tuition: $525, 8 undergraduate units, $565, 8 
graduate units. Room and Board: $525 in Mexican 
host home, apartment and hotel rates from 5300 
per month, 
University of San Diego also has a new program 
for an M_A. in Spanish. Students may earn units 
toward the degree by attending the Guadalajara 
Summer Program. 
Information: Prof. G.L. Oddo, 
University of San Diego, Alcala Park, 
San Diego CA 92110, (619) 260-4598. 

that if CSOs see anyone walking 
alone they will "either go up and 
ask them if they'd like an escort 
or . .. I personally sometimes just 
keep an eye on people until they 
make it safely somewhere. 

Beyond his escort duties , 
Madsen once saw a car heading 
off campus after a hit-and-run 
was announced over the police 
radio. With the help of Madsen's 
description, the driver was later 
arrested and convicted. If the 

Julie Munro 
Features Writer 

") had a/ll'ays thought about 
writing/or a newspaper. but J"d 
never learned how 10 II'rite 
journalis/ica/~l" . The ifllernship 
program was a thorough. pain-
less way /0 get started. " 

• l'Ieck and Shoulder Know-How 
• Bodywork IIazaar 
• Truth about Lcamlng 
• Color Me Strong 

Couna BeginaJng ~w 
• TIle Body [Icctrlc 
• High Touch for High Tech 
• Your "Wing Peace 
• Realizing Your Goals 

through Imagery 

_life 1M 011111 holistic in5titll~ 
in SIn Dltgo stilling tM /ladtmlc 
IIId ~1onII1 commllnit!l 
In /I qUIll/til rnoltDnrrtf!nt. 

Pacific Institute 
lor lite IteGtiNg GrIll, inc, 

7242 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

565·8777 

CSO program were to grow 
"somewhere down the road," he 
thinks it might expand like the 
program at Berkeley, which gives 
CSOs more responsibility and 
much more intensive training. 

Matt Cory, a Warren sopho-
more CSO, explained that CSOs 
report problems to the police, 
but they do not intervene. He 
said, "We are not junior cops ... 
basically [we do] a lot of pre-
vention. .. 

Monday. March 7'. 1988 , 

FEATURES 

The 26 yellow call-boxes on 
campus can be used to alert a 
police dispatcher as though it 
were a call to 911. Some com-
monsense safety tips for anyone 
who does walk alone are: Notice 
where these red-light emergency 
call boxes are, be alert, know 
where you are going, walk with 
confidence, in well-lit areas , and 
have keys in your hand before 
reaching your car. If you are 

See SAFETY, pale 10 

Guardian Spring Internships 
Start Next Quarter 

.. The Guardian Inlernship Program laugh) me everything I needed 
10 know abolll wriling for a newspaper . .. 

-Mark Kenney 
Hialus Slaff Writu 

"[learned 0101 abolll IIIrilinga news arlicle: how 10 write a lead. how 
10 inlen/iew people. how logo/her in/ormalion . and how /0 pul/oge/her 
the en /ire article. The besl pari aboul Ih e program is aI/he end when you 
are gillell all assignment. I enjoyed Ihe program L1ery milch . .. 

-Robert Sweeney 
News Inlern 

"The IlIleYl/ship Program gave me more c01l/idellce ill my wri/illg. 
I've mel a 101 of peop!e alld gained insight info Ih e t(/liversily prucess. ,. 

-Elaine Smoler 
News Slaff Writer 

FOR MORE INFORMATION ... 
end your name, address, phone number and writing 

experience to John Shaw, c / o The UCSD Guardian, 
B·016, La Jolla CA 92093. 

FLYING 
KARAMAZOV BROTHERS 

1111 \ .11"'11 I hl"I)(ll<'r' Il1l\ d')11 111\ 
\lld Ili< \ 1', 11"( 1{11"!.111 "IIh,r 

! 
Th~y ' r~ fiv~ zany 

guys whl) (I)mbin~ 
singing. dancing and 
punning with dar~­
d~vil ju~ling . 

Marvd at thdr 
d~xtcrity and groan 
at thdr pun-spun 
humor. You' r~ gonna 

lov~ Ih~m . 
Wed., March 30, 

7:30 p.m. 
Civic Theatre 

Tickcts J 12 .S0-JtH.;O, 
available at all Tick~t­

mast~r outlets. Or (all 
236-MIO. SANOIEGO 
278-T1XS. FOUN{)ATK)\l 

FORTH!: 
• 

The home of the 
39¢ halllburger. 

• Cos~ic Bonding • Visa or Mastercard 
• Evening Appts. • Instant Insurance 
• Stereo Headphones Evaluation 
• Nitrous OXide • Slu~nt Discounts 

• 24 Hour Emergency Service 
• Or .. Surgery for wl.dolll teet .. e.n_alo" 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.XAM a CLEANING 
ONLY 

IncludeS ' CI~aning & PoliShing. X·Rays. Oral Canc~r Exam and Pr",al~ Consuh,lloon. Exp,,~s 3/29/ 88 •• 

Offered to: students, Faculty and St'" of UCSD 
• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thomas K. Duncan D.D.S 
Member: ADA. CDA. SDCDS, Delta Dental 

1861 VIII. uJolI. Dr., Suite 501 
/oehir1d Klnko 's) 455-9151 
------------..... .-'" 

, ('iJ 
..L 

UC'[)O"(J1dm &!lOIi. 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

Quarter Pounder ~ with Cheese. Medium Fry, 
Medlum-Sizo Soft Drink 

~ 
CGIII ¥Glue: 

1/20 011 cent II 
II 

limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit Please 
pre.o,ent coupon when 
ordering. Not valid with 
any other offer. 

"Just $1 99 11 
(plultax) 



10 Monday. March 7. 1988 

FEATURES 

Safety 
Continued from page 9 
a aulted. scream! Make a scene 
(bite. kick, scratch) and run 
toward lights and people if you 
ca n break away . For those who 
have considered carrying mace, 
the Women's Resource Center is 
planning to offer a on -day, 
four-hour certification class 
taught by an officer from the 
Miramar Police Department . 

Mary Virga, head of the Stu-
dent Safety Awareness Program, 
has developed what was the Rape 
Prevention Education Program 
into a broader tudent afety 

Awareness Program thi year. 
Virga focu~es on date-ra pe 
because, although there arc no 
re orded tatistics of date-rapes 
at UCSD. nationwide polls how 
that one in four female univer-
sity student~ have been date-
raped and one in three women 
will have been raped or attemp-
ted to be in their lifetime . Virga 
was also a member of the Light-
ing Task Force last year, a com-
mittee whose recommendations 
about improving campus light-
ing are currently being acted on. 
Per onal afety i only one facet 
of campus protection . 

Jenkins said auto thefts are 
increasing all over the nation. 

parti ularly in San Diego, and 
S D i~ no exception . The 

number of auto t hefts ha s a I most 
doubled from 38 in 1986 to 70 in 
1987. Jenkins ~aid that auto theft 
"never u cd to be too much of a 
problem ." The three armed rob-
beries on campus last year were 
also surprising to Jenkins ince 
there had not been any for years. 
His advice to protect your prop-
erty is to take some initiative and 
spend so me money on precau-
tionary measures . 

One Muir senior has had ste-
reos stolen out of her Rabbit 
GTI six time in the four years 
he has parked on campus. It has 

See SAFETY, page 11 

$ $ 
THIRD COLLEGE 

GRADUATING SENIORS 

Bill Madsen has been a CSO for two years . He sees Ihe present 
CSO program expanding in the fulure 10 have more responslbililies 
and intensive training. 

$ ATTENTION $ $ $ 
How To Get 

[ FREE MONEY I 
Is There Something You Would Like To 
Say At Graduation? Graduation Speech 

Deadline Is Friday, April 8, 4:00 p.m. 
Through Corporate Grants 

Speeches should be relevant to the occasion and 
embrace the spirit of Third College. 

Judging will be by a committee of students and staff 
following auditions. Criteria shall include content 
evaluation and presentation. 

AI/ copies must be typed and submitted to the Third 
College Provost's Office by April 8. 

More Info available In the Third College Dean's OffIce, x4439O. 

AT ASSORTED VINYL. 
WE'RE TAKING 

IT ALL OFF* 

j./. 
~Ie 

*Well, maybe not gJJ. of it. It's 

TENTH WEEK SALE 
10% off everything this week 

Open Monday through Friday, 10-4 
We're in the Student Center. 

Come check 

'Illl'ough our rcscarch, \\'c ha\'c clisco\'c l'cd that tJlcrc arc litcrull\' 
milliolls of c10llars lIvui\ablc to thc gencral puhlic (Ie. studcnts, ' 
houscwivcs, profcssionuls, prollt und non-profit orJ,Iullizatlons,Jllst 
about Ulwonc) throllgh c::At",lOrate Grauts. '111csc grunts are not 
lo_!!t. bllt Free ~o-Pa)'-Baek Mone)'" Grants% To rcceivc our 
completc "How To" informuUon on whcre to find und how to apply 
for and obt.ai n tJICSC ;\lonc\' Gmnts lilr vourselr or li,r vour 
organizlItion or group, )lleasc scnd 82.()O cash or money orrlcr (ror 
postagc und handling C(lsL'i. Xo chccks pleusc.) payable to: 

Corporate Grants 
8515 Production Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92121 

Please be !!tare to include a _U-addrelMied cm'e1opc with ),ollr 
rC4ucst (No postagc ncccessury) to Insurc proper retunt addressing. 

Day tripper the beach . Maps are available a t the \"i~ilor\ cetHer . All thi~ beauty isn't free of 
charge parking is $4 ($1 off 
for senior citi/ens). The reserve 
may be reached on foot from the 
northern tip of the golf course. 
By car one enters off of highway 
101 just south of Del Mar. 
Reserve hours are from 9 a m to 
sunset: guided walks leave the 
visitor's center at II :30 and 1:30 
on Satu rdays and Sundays. 

Continued from page 8 
flO\~ers bloom. filling thec<lnyons 
II ith rich di~pl<lYs of southwest-
ern color. 

"That little white one is the 
wild morning glory." sa id our 
guide Horger as the walk con-
tinued down a narrow trail into a 
patch of flowers. "Over t here is 
purple nightshade." 

Those willing to spend some 
time on the trails might see a rat-
tlesnake, grey fox, or bobcat 
make a fleeting appearance. 
Rumors persist about a moun-
tain li on that roams the canyons, 
casting intimidating glances at 
the polyester-clad golfers on the 
nearby golf cour~e . roday's walk 
revealed only an occasiona lli/ard 
and a few dolphins playing in the 
distant ocean. 

The wildlife of rorrey Pine~ 
makes its home in a com plex 
landscape . The 2,000 acres of the 
reserve e ncom pass bluffs. 
canyons, lagoons. and five miles 

Safety 
Continued from page 10 
usually happened during the day 
and by breaking her window. 
Her insurance agent told her an 
alarm was not worth its cost, but 
did advise her to get a removable 
stereo. he did. but one day she 
left the stereo in the dash. and it 
was stolen. 

Bill Gerhart, a Warren sopho-
more. had his $450 stereo stolen 
from his Honda Accord parked 
in the lower Revelle apartment 
lot. The driver's window cost 
$250 to replace . He made the 
cpmment that his $1 17 parking 
permit did not supply h is car 
with any protection. especially 
when there seems to be such a 
healthy supply of parking ticket 
distributors . 

Kevin Flynn. a Revelle sopho-
more, has a Mazda which has 
seen some pretty bad days. The 
hubcaps were stolen the first day 
of winter quarter, the rear win-
dow and dash board were des-
troyed when his stereo was stolen 
on another occasion. Flynn has 
taken his car home and left it 
there. He is trying to get insu-
rance to cover what he estimated 
to be a collective $1,000 in dam-
ages. He said that he did not 
have an alarm because he never 
had a problem before and no one 
responds to them "except police 
and there's not enough of them ... 
He said more parking lot patrol-
ling would be ideal, but "it costs 
the University money" which 
may not be available. 

Jenkins said, "A patient 
doesn't blame a doctor when 
they get sick, yet there are still 
people who will say thanks a lot 
police department , where were 
you when ..... Jenkins recom-
mends car a larms with lights as 
well as sound, removable ste-
reos, and thick locks for bicycle 
and motorbikes. (Cable locks 
are easily CUl.) Toyotas, espe-
cially four-by-fours, are popular 
with car thieves, Jenkins warned . 
Also, Volkswagens can be easily 
unlocked with a small puncture 
hole below the lock. A metal 
plate can be installed to prevent 
this . 

Thieves in the dorms don't 
have to go to so much trouble. 
Jenkins aid. Most often they 
ju t walk through unlocked 
doors. He pointed oul. "Doubl-
ing the Police Department is not 
goi ng to st op t hat kind of thing." 
lI esaid pcoplejust forgct to lock 
thcir doors . [f) 

of pristine beaches including part 
of Black's Beach, playground of 
San Diego'~ exhibitionists. 

"It's not a big thorn under our 
saddle particu larly," said Hack-
ett of Alack's Beach . " We proha-
bly have fewer proble ms th ere 
than anywhere else. In the 
summer. though. it heats upa bit 
in more ways than just the 
temperature." 

For the more introverted. a 
network of trails guide the vis-
itor past sa nd sto ne bluffs. 
through ca nyo ns and down to 

"It's beautiful ." said Sarah 
Umansky. a visitor from Fuller-
ton. at the conclusion of the 
nature walk . " I can see making it 
a pecial place and comi ng 
back. " 

r------ FOREVER TRIM~.~TA~N~® 
LOSE INCHES 

UP TO 26" 
IN ONE SESSION 
EUROPEAN BODY WRAP 

30 
TAN DAYS 

OPEN 7 DAYS 

$49 (reg. $98) $39 
Dr. L Cooper. PH. D .. Director 

Expires 3/21/88 Valid WIth ad and new customers only 

c::::l 455-0909 [Bj 
Villa La Jolla at La Jolla Village Dr. 

3251 Holiday Ct. Ste. 204 
Near UCSD - above St. Germain's 

...... ~ ........•.... 
• • 
• 25A~O OFF Any small. • .... medium or large • 
• frozen yogurt • 

• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
.• VOid With any other offer 
• Toppings not Included 

\ 
~ 

lo 1",,11<1 V.iln'l" DI 
tJlC 

~ 
~ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

\ N obt>1 D. l-
One coupon to a 

• customer Expires 3/13/88. • 

• Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. • !n t<1 lolln lu \ 
", 11M' t oln .. ,. ~fJ P:OIU 

.-
• 11-11 Fri. & Sat. • 

12-10:30 Sunday • At boO. \ 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

r.v;: 'I=.. .f L "( IIiI~ii~ c" :; ;f, ~ '? :,- ~ ~) ~~ 
-r6 - ·it1r:~f.J·~O)77· ::J-'l.- 0 88{r' (f O) 

A~*frM~U ~ iJX.i~ L -C H /; 1~fitll o 
1;;I(V)(1.. ;li·!;f O ) II ,f;,I~',ii,.{(ill '11~-I· I · .~, .\. t-:: 

• RECRUIT U.S.A., INC. (800) 325-9759 
CITICORP PLAZA. 725 S. FIGUEROA ST. , SUITE 3100 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90017 , PHONE: (213) 955,4900 

. \ ' 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Monday. March 7. 1988 II 

FEATURES 

Call us today for a free 
personal rate quotation. 

586-6222 
Just //I'£' 111;111111'.1 frolll Call1l'l/I ! 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I GEICO I . c I -I \ Indemnity ompany , 
_____ CLlP&SAVE ____ _ 

-----
--- S 

--------- $.rOFF 
~/ Reg. $19.00 

Call lor 
Apporntment 

" WOMENS CUTS 

sSOFF 
Reg. $24.00 

• price IntC~~~~oo. 
aphlc cu . d gr ditioning an p~~~es?ional styling , " 

8843 La Jolla Village Drive 
(Next to Ralphs) 

457-3334 EXPIRES 3/22/88 

WILL YOU IE THERE? 

: ~-. 

Enjoy the sunny warm beaches. the cold beers, the roar 
of the crowds. and the atmosphere that only Mexico 
can create. Mexicana, Padico, and College Tours make 
it all possible at affordable student rates. 

COLLEGE TOURS 
Fur In(orm .. tion on Trip" t :.11 1-8O().52~25 

", •• '\r •• \It .. .... .... 



I 

12 Monday. March 7. /988 

UCSD Tritons topple Temple University 
Abbott K's nine 
to pitch a 5-0 
shutout 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Staff Writer 

In the early stages of the sea-
so n, UCS D men's baseba ll Head 
Coach Lyle Yates pointed out 
that "there is no question that 
pitching is the strongest aspect of 
this year's team [Guardian. Feb. 
II)." If you were on hand at 
UCSD's Olsen Field to catch the 
action Saturday afternoon 
against the Temple Owl. you 
would be foolish to differ wi th 
Yates' opinion. 

Sophomore lefty Kyle Abbott 
struck out nine batters , permit-
ted no men to cross the plate, 
a nd yie lded only two hits to lead 
the now 9-3 Division III Triton 
to a 5-0 shutout win over Temple 

their first victory in as many 
tries against Division I chools 
this season. It was a stunning 
upset for UCSD. who was com-
ing off a loss to lowly La Verne 
on Tuesday. 

Abbott' thort>ughly dominat-
ing perfotmance was kept well 
concealed until the second inning, 
as he ran into so me trouble in the 
first. Although he walked six 
men in the game, three of them 
were in th e first - an inning 

See TRITONS, page 14 
Triton Thad Ferre (No. 6) had a single and an RBI in UCSO's 5-0 win over Temple University. UCSD improved its season's record to 9-3 
with the victory. 

Men's tennis edges Claremont-Mudd, 5-4 
By MIKE U'REN 
Staff Writer 

This past Saturday the UCS D 
men's tennis team came away 
with their biggest victory in two 
years. The Tritons defeated 
Claremont-Mudd , who is ranked 
No. 5 in the nat ion and at the 
Division II I level , 5-4 for the first 
time si nce 1982. Second year 
Coach Jon Hammermeister 
claimed , "This is our biggest win 
by far si nce I've been coaching. It 
was a very exciting match ." 

umber one seed Hunter Gal-
laway continued to play well for 
the Tritons, beating Pete Gert-

menian in straight sets 6-4, 6-2. 
After Gallaway 's victory the 
Tritons proceeded to drop their 
next three singles matches. 

Number two Sig Huber was 
defeated 6·4, 7-6 by Frank Hin-
man who is presently ranked No. 
8 in the nation . Both Jon Park 
and Frank Monar played hard 
but were defeated in three sets. 
Park was a loser to Matt Glea-
son 7-5, 3-6, 6-4 and Monar 
dropped his match to Lance Au 
6-3, )-6. 6-2 . 

Down 3- 1 as a team, Kyle 
Knapp and Tim Ditzler put away 
their opponents 10 even the 
matches at three apiece. Knapp 

made quick work of Ashwin 
Gulati 6-1 , 6-1 and Ditzler fin· 
ished with a three set victory 
over Kenji Hashimoto 3-6, 6-4, 
6-3 . 

After splitting the six singles 
matches, the Tritons No.2 dou-
bles team of Monar and Jim 
Elliot fell to their opponents 6-2, 
6-4 . With the pressure on, the 
No . 3 doubles team of Ditzler 
and Jeff French came back (rom 
a 5-1 deficit in the first set to 
eventually win 7-5. They also 
won the next set 6-2 to win the 
match and set up the showdown 
between the two No. I double 
teams. Coach Hammermeister 

commented, "The first set come-
back in the No. 3 doubles match 
was one of the keys to our vic· 
tory. To come back (rom a 5-1 
deficit is amazing. That just 
doesn't happen!" 

Although the score was tied 
4-4 , Claremont-Mudd still had 
their No. I doubles team of 
Hinman and Au, currently 
ranked fourth in the nation, still 
to play. The Tritons had differ-
ent thoughts on the matter as 
Gallaway and Huber won the 
match 7-6,6-2 to give the Tritons 
the victory, running their win-
ning streak to five in a row. ~It 
was a tremendous and exciting 

win for Gallaway and Huber. 
The two doubles victories were 
the keys to our victory," Ham· 
mermeister explained. 

The Tritons are now 8-5 and 
put their five game winning streak 
on the line against Division I Ivy 
league school, Pennsylvania. 
When asked about his team's 
chances on Monday, Hammer-
meister replied, "Pennsylvania is 
a very good Ivy league team and 
it should be a good test for our 
team." The Tritons have now 
benten No. 5 Claremont-Mudd 
and No. 12 Redlands and if they 
continue to play well they should 
better their No. 9 ranking when 
the next polls come out. [QJ 

Weekly Sports Calendar 
Date Team Location Time Date Team Location Time 

3/ 8 W. softball vs. Occidental UCSD 2pm 3/ II M. volleyball vs. CSU UCSD 7:30 pm 
College San Bernardino 
M. rugby vs. UC Irvine (DH) UCI TBA 3/12 M. and W. crew vs. UCSD 7am 
M. tennis vs. Pennsylvania U SD 3pm Santa Barbara City College 
M. volleyball vs. U.S. Naval UCSD 7:30 pm M. and W. tennis vs. Idaho UCSD Ipm 
Academy M. rugby vs. CSU Fullerton Fullerton TBA 

3/ 10 M. baseball vs. USIU UCSD 2:30 pm M. volleyball vs . Long Beach UCSD 7:30 pm 
W. softball vs. Azusa UCSD TBA State 
Pacific (DH) 3/ 12- 13 W. fencing - Western TBA TBA 

3/ 10-12 W. swi mming - NCAA Atlanta all day Regionals 
Championships 3/13 M. tennis VS . Northern UCSD lOam 

3/1 1 M. tennis vs. Azusa Pacific UCSD 3 pm Arizona 

~- -
-

- -. -~, -
- ---~~= -~' --

7Iu. tlCSD t;'ua~ Monday. March 7, /988 

No. 8 Marco Gentzbourger sets a shot to No. 12 Paul Miller who promplly puts it down for a kill. 

Crosstown rivals 

UCSD falls to SDSU 
One game. State University in men 's volley-
That's how close the UC San ball , Friday, March 4 in the 

Diego Tritons came to taking . Triton Pavillion. 

800 spectators, the Tritons took 
a 2-1 advantage into the fourth 
game of the match. UCSD lost 

their first victory from San Diego In front of a crowd of close to See MEN'S, pace 14 

• •••• r~ •• 
••••• L....., •• 
COMPETITION 
VOLLEYBALL 

PRESENTS 

PRO/AM GRASS VOLLEYBALL 
E N T S E T 0 URN A M 

AT SAN DIEGO'S GROSSMONT 
RIES 

COLLEGE 

MARCH 11: Amateur Mixed Doubles 
JUNE 4: Pro/Am Men's Doubles 

June 11 : Pro/Am Women's Doubles 
June 25: Pro/Am Mixed Doubles 

All dates have Open, A. and Novice Divisions 

INFORMATION TIME 
PlelM caU (619) 270-1431 or write 
Compelilion VOlreyo.n. 3876 
Sequoia SlIM!. PacIfic: 8eecII, CA 
92109 10 oblain an Inlry lonn: 

Check in al 8:00 Lm. The 1Ou __ 
menl WIll Slart promplly II 1:30 LIn. 
WillIng liS! all,lelea WIIIn. vacanl 
posotions al 6:15 I .m. 

REGISTRATION 
~e. IS limllea 10 the firsl 60 leams 
per event The ," IS S21 per I .. m. 
th,S Includes two T.s/lirtl. No 
enlroes less Ihan fi,.. days prIOr 10 
eleh event. No refunds on f_ . 

PRIZES 
The .II.- ProlAn! ..... will offer 
S3.7S0 In C8IIt ...... In lie Opeft 
cIhIIIonL The MIrcII *"-tIl 
ancI 0'" "... ..... CIIIMIoM ... 
oHer praduct pn-. 

LOCATION 
G_I College IS IOCaIIlCl al 
IlOO Groumont College Dr. Take 
Lake Mutnly Blvd .. nonh lrom I~ 
(5 m,1es MSI of lie 105 juncbon). 
Tum nghl on Higflwood. and Ie" on 
G,oumonl Cot ... Dr. The IOuma-
menl WI. be iOcar.c:l on !he alllleOC 
lields. 

Come walch or participate with AU-American and AAA Rated Athletes 
CO-SPONSORS: 

\JiODIII 

SPALDING o . 
_.-T 

---

SPORTS 

* * Play * *' * *' * B.J.'s *' * *' * Sports *' * *' * Trivia Quiz! *' * *' 
75 Opportunities To 

Study 
Abroad 
In 
England 
Austria 
Ireland 
Scotland 
Wales 

Carolyn Watson, representing 
the Beaver College Center for 
Education Abroad, will meet 
with students interested in 
any of the 75 program 
options for undergraduate 
studies during 1988-89 in 
Austr ia, Great Britain and 
Ireland at 4 pm on Tuesday, 
March 8 in the International 
Center Conference Rcom. 
For further information, 
please contact the 
Opportunities Abroad Office: 
telephone 534-1123. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

call 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa Ave. Ste. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

AT TEN TON 
' •• 1111111111111111111 IlII ,n 

Muir Graduating Senlon 
Spring Quarter 1988 and 

Summer Session 1988 
Students planning to graduate Spring. 1988 are 

now being seen tor Final Degree Check 
Appointments. De.dllne for tiling to 

gr_u .. Spring Is April 1 S. You must 
schedule your appointment by this date. 

AppliCants tor Summer Session, 1988 graduation 
who wish to have their name appear in the 
commencement program must compl.e 
required paperwork by April 28 and 

schedule a Final Degree Check appointment. 
De.dllne for scheduling Summer 

appointment Is June J. 
Please make your .ppolntment In the Muir 

Academic Advising OffIce. H&SS 2126. 
DON'T DELAY 

13 



I • 

14 Monday, March i , /98 

SPORTS 

Tritons beat Temple Univ. hits, both singles, Temple only hit the ball out of the infield three times during the nine-inning 
contest. 

Men's 
v-ball 
loses 

Continued from page 12 
which proved highly uncharac-
teristic for Abbott, judging by 
hi effectiveness from then on. 
Nevertheless, he was able to get 
out of his two-out bases loaded 
jam in the first by inducing third 
ba eman Mike McCarter into 

grounding out to th ird. 
Abbott kept the Owl hitters 

frustrated all dly with his excel-
len t slider, which he claims 10 
have had to u e consislently 
because "my other pitches 
weren't working for me . " 
Regardles s, Abbott's lider 

forced many Temple hitter into 
lunging after pitches with their 
bats . When and if contact was 
finally made, they tended to beat 
the ball into the ground, creating 
a great deal of putout opportuni-
ties fort he superb fielding Triton 
infield . Aside from their two 

The modest Abbott (who 
see med to be getting stronger 
and stronger as the game pro-
gressed) nevertheless refused to 
take all of the credit for himself. 
"I felt pretty good out there, but 
Dan [Duron] did a fantastic job 
upporling me behind the plate. 

See TRITON, page 17 
Continued from page 13 
the first game 9-IS, but came 

-------------------------------__________________ , back to win the next two, IS-II 

AWomans 
Choice •.. 

• Free PregllallCY Testinl( 
• Ear~, r Pregna11cy Testing 
• PregllallC)1 Termination 

• General or Local Anesthesia 
• Affordable 8irtb Control 

• Diagnosis & Treatment 0/ Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases (STDs) 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

Call tbe College Line 
619' 535' 1379 

for Student Discount 
Off/res Tbrougbout Soutbrrn California 

400/0-60% 
OFF 
MARCH 14 - 18 
9:00AM - 4:00PM 

and IS -9. 
On a roll . the Tritons expected 

the match to be their . However. 
they only managed to score four 
time in the fourth game as the 
Aztecs took the fourth game, 
15-4. 

The fifth and d ecis ive game 
was all Aztecs, with SDSU pul-
ling out a IS-6 win. 

The nonconference loss put 
the Tritons (ranked No. 17 in the 
open men's divi ion in the last 
coach's poll) at S- 12 overall for 
the eason. The No . II Aztecs 
improved their record to 8-9. 

For the Tritons. Jeff Babcott 
led the team with 22 kills on the 
evening , followed by Nick 
Rothman and J o hn Lim each 
with 17 kills . Hugh Fo ter ied the 
Aztecs with 26 kills of his own. 

Despite the loss , the Tritons 
also managed one of their best 
defensive games of the season 
with 18 blocks overall. 

The Tritons will be playing a 
three-game homestand before the 
Spring Break , with matches 
against U.S . Naval Academy, 
Cal State University, San Ber-
nardino and Long Beach State, 
all games beginningat 7:30 in the 
Pavillion. [QJ 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

From March 14th to the 18th the 
University Bookstore is having its 
Annual March Sidewalk Sale! 

Choose from an incredible variety 
of fiction and non-fiction books! 
You'll find a large assortment of 
swim wear and exercise wear all at 
specially reduced prices! 

Also, don't forget to pick up your 
new UCSD t-shirt and sweatshirt 
NOW and SAVE! 

Hurry for best selection! 

M-F 7:45-5: I 5 SAT. 10:00-4:00 CLOSED SUNDA YS/HOLIDA YS 534 -3149 

Monday, March i . 1988 15 

SPORTS 

UCSD crew teains find weekend success 
rh c me n '~ and women \ crew 

tca m o ffi ci all y began thei r sea-
so n ove r th e pas t wee kend o n a 
po. it i\c not e, "inning 10 0 fth eir 
16 races, with one dead heal. 

On Saturday the team travelled 
to Los Angeles to race against 
the niversit y of Southern Cali -
fornia in San Pedro Bay. USC 

promptl} took ca re of the "I riton 
\arsit y men " n h a t ime of 6: 11 . 13 
to UC'SD's 6: 19.0. 

The varsit 5 WOmen (7: 28) bea t 
their Trojan o pponent s (7 :31) 
a nd UCSD's freshmen men 's 
team managed Ihc only other 
Triton victory for the day, blow-
ing by USC by a full 27 seconds, 

Word Processing Operator 
(Summer Position) 

Workin9 closely with academic scientists and 
other office staff at our laJolla, CA field site, you 
will be responsible for entering draft reports and 
correspondence into word processing systems. 
Specific tasks include keying-in handwritten draft 
material, proofing drafts, inserting transfers and 
figures, maintaining all required logs and track-
ing. sheets f?r various ":,aterials, and distributing 
review copies. To qualify, you must have a high 
school diploma or equivalent education, a typing 
proficiency certificate, plus typing skills of 55-70 
wpm. 1-2 years of secretarial and wordprocess-
ing experience is highly desirable . 

To arrange a personal appointment, please 
contact Mary Ann Davis by calling collect at 
(703) 883-7056. We are an equal 
opportunity/affirmative actian employer. 

MITRE 

6: 10 to 6:37. 
T he me n '~ j un ior va rsity and 

novice women's teams took losses 
in t hei r res pecl ive eve nts ove rthe 
2.000- mt'tcr co urse a nd th e 
novice men managed to finish in 
a dead hcat wit h their opponents 
with a time of 6:35.2. 

In Sunday\ ru cing contest 

~aCcod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

ClNREMONT SQUAIE 
(NtXI 10 VONS) 27+2600 

MIlA MESA 
( NEXI IO PfllA HUI) 566-6100 
UNMRSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

(ACROSS FIlOM MANN IHtAfIlE) 
~20 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
AI'PT. NOT NECESSARY 

MANtCURlST AVAILABlE 

Budweiser 
JANUARY 

against Cal Poly San Lui Obispo 
a t East Mission Bay, the Tritons 
too k seve n of 10 events, high-
lighted by a 4 :57. 1 to 4:58.9 win 
by men 's varsity crew. 

The women 's varisy crcw did 
not have a s mlll::h luck over the 
1,700-meter course. losing their 
close race with a t ime of 5:48.4 to 

Cal Poly's S:47.7. 
The Tritons dominated the last 

eight events. The freshmen men 's 
B team (5: 12.5). novice men's A 
leam (S :12.4), men's novice B 
team (S :08 .9) , women's novice A 
team (6:01.0), women' novice B 
team (6:30.3) and the freshmen 

See CREW, page 17 

Experience with us the fun and excitement of 
learning to Hang Glide on the sand dunes of 
Cantamar, Mexico. All equipment and 
transportation from UCSD are provided. Class 
size is limited and reservations are required. 

NEXT ClASS BEGINS: March 26th. 

(j~ #..2 CENT£~ GROUP DISCOUNTS 450-9008 AVAILABLE 
Announcing 

Athlete of the Month Warren College 
Stude!1t Government 

Chris McCallum 
Women's Basketball 
Forward 
Senior, third 
Animal Physiology 
Walnut Creek, California 

In the month of January, ChrIS McCallum was playing basketball as if she might 
not play the sport at the collegiate level again. This, it seems. was a great idea si[1ce 
the senior forward's COllegiate career did come to an end in the last week of 
February. For her hard work and determination, Chris will have the satisfaction 
that her senior season was her finest. 

Heading into January. the struggling Tritons were in desperate need of team 
leadership on the floor . They had lost their leading scorer. Mic~le leohner, and 
one of their premier shooters, Shelli Velie, to injuries and entered the new year 
with a record of 3-8. McCallum then ted her team to a 4-4 record during January, 
averaging 10 points and 9.3 rebounds during the month. She led the team in 
scoring three times and in rebounding four times as the Tritons got back on the 
winning track. 

"Chris has been playing the best basketball of her career," said Triton coach Judy 
Malone. "She always plays hard and consistently. Her ptay has been the prime 
motivation for the team's comeback." 

The Tritons ended the month With a record of 7-12. but their four losses were by 
an average of just five points per game. Malone's team is building for the future, 
and one of the first orders of business will be to find a replacement for team leader 
Chris McCallum. 

Also nominated for Bud Athtete of the Month for January were Marco 
Gentzbourger. who led the Triton volleyball team to a win over eighth-ranked Cal 
State Northridge, and TIm Ditzler, who rolled to a 5-0 record plaYIng number five 
and six singles for the UCSD tennis team. 

ELECTIONS 

-Positions Available-
PRESIDENT 

VICE·PRESIDENT EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 
VICE·PRESIDENT INTERNAL AFFAIRS 

SECRETARY 
TREASURER 

2 EXECUTIVE COMMITIEE MEMBERS 
-COMMISSIONERS-
COMMUTER AFFAIRS 
RESIDENTIAL AFFAIRS 

PROGRAMMING 
PUBLICA nONS & COMMUNICA nONS 
CAMPUS COALITION FOR CUl ruRAL 

CONCERNS (4C) CHAIR 
PARLIAMENT ARlAN 

JUDICIAL BOARD MEMBERS 

Applications available until 
NOON~ MONDAY APRIL 11th 

at the WARREN DEAN'S OFFlCE 

-ELECTIONS-
TUESDAY, APRIL 12th 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13th & 20th 

----- ._-_.-



16 Monday. March 7. 1988 

SPORTS 

••••••••••••••• 

~5% OFF! : 
• precision cuts • 

• • perms • 
• • hi lighting • 
• • nails • 
• FREE CONSULTATIONS! • 

: ESSENCE HAIR DESIGN: 
• 3251 HOLIDAY CT. #201 • 
: (located above St. Germain j) : 
• " We Care About Your Hair" 452·5620. & ••••••••••••••••••• ~ 

HELP WANTED 
Part Time and Full Time 

Great Environment and Good Pay 
Apply Wednesday through Saturday at 

Boudin Bakery - lower level near Nordstrom at UTe. 

.,~~ ~~~ 

.-
'. 

.. 

B.J.'s/ 
Guardian 

Sports 
Trivia 
Quiz 

So another quarter of sports 
trivia comes to an end. It was 
a close one though, with Don 
Elder making an incredible 
comeback. After being down 
24 points at the half, Don 
made a run for his second vic-
tory in two quarters. How-
ever, Scott Goodman stayed 
tough, winning the winter 
quarter quiz by four points. 
Here are the top four scores 
for the quarter: 

I. Scott Goodman: 154 
2. Don Elder: 150 
3. Doug Jamieson: 108 
4. Jonathan Goldstein: 88 
The quiz will begin again 

on April 4 , the first day back 
from spring break . Watch for 
Doug and Jonathan to come 
on strong in the spring quar-
ter competition and send the 
party-for-six grand prize into 
a three-way tie . Until then, 
good luck with finals and study 
that trivia! 

Last Week's Answen 

I. John Kundla 
2. Brent Rushlaw 
3. 3 
4. Bonnie Blair 
5. April 4, 1988 
6. England and France 
7. California 
8. Alexander Vurbonov of 

Bulgaria 
9 . 1974 
10. 17 

Answers from the Feb. 11 
quiz: 

I. East Germany 
2. The West, 9-3 
3. Boston Celtics 
4. SDSU 
5. bronze, figure skating, Jill 
Watson and Peter Oppegard 
6 . 44 
7. Montreal Expos 
8. Possible answers: Branko 

Segota. Zoltan Toth, Fer-
nando Clavijo 
9. Rafer Johnson 
10. Gina Hemphill 

Last Week's Winner 

Don Elder 
Grad student - U.S. History 

Marshalltown, lowl 

Triton 
baseball 
Continued from pige 14 
He called some great shots." 

The best shot in the game 
(using a different definition of 
the word) , however, was deli -
vered by junior designated hitter 
Jim Martinez when he drilled a 
two-run homer over the leftfield 
fence in the bottom of the eighth . 
This extended the Tritons' lead 
to 4-0 and gave Abbott more 
than enough runs to work with 
in the final inning of play, in 
which he struck, out two batters 
including the final batter of the 
game, Bob Christy, on a called 
third strike. 

UCSD moved out to the early 
advantage in the bottom of the 
second when Martinez walked , 
advanced to second on Chris 
Murphy's hit and run single, and 

Triton starter Kyle Abbott pitched 
a shutout lor the team's first vic -
tory over Division I schools this 
year. 

scored when McCarter's throw 
on Duron's grounder went awry . 
The Tritons sco red again in t he 
third inning when Thad Ferre 
blooped a single into sha llow 
left-center. This hit drove in Matt 
Bynum, who had singled to lead 
off the inning. 

The Tritons cored their final 
three runs in the eig hth when , 

See TRITON, page 19 

Crew 
Continued from page 15 
men's A tea m (5 : 15.9) all won 
their events by at least seven 
econds. or as muc h as 44 

seconds, as in the men's novice A 
race. 

The women's novice light-
weight and women's lightweight 
both took losses. 6:09 .7 and 
6:0 2.7 to Cal Po ly SLO's 6:07 .0 

Monday. March 7. /988 17 

SPORTS 
•................... ~ 
• • :$2 OFF : 
• ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
• • :$ 1 OFF : tan Lines TANNING. SWIMWEAR. SPORTSWEAR 

1 Month 
10,$4900 

• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Pleas< FREE • 
• present coupon CAMPUS • 
• when ordering DELIVERY • 
• HOURS: TO YOUR • 
• Mon-Thu . II.m· MID 

Fri.·Sal. 1Iam·l.m r ~~~ DOOR. 
• Sun. 11 :30am·MID • 

Unlimited 
• • 458-0108 I l ~'Ult. \ h Il IU. , I JoII.L • ••• " • I 

7748 REGENTS RD. IN LA JOLLA COLONY 
VON'S SHOPPING CENTER • • • ll!l73 Villa La Jolla Dr La Jolla Village Square • 

(Expires 4/ 10/ 88) • 455-0662 • I ••••••••••••••••••• ~ 

AI04 
Physical Education 

My first ti me turoring was a night 
to remember. Mv stlldenr was some-
thing callcd BOlle Crushcr Reed, a.k.3. 
Billy 10, dctcnsivc tacklc for the tC)ot-
ball tcam. 

I had the shock of my life whcn 
he a nswcred h is dorm room door. 
He was about si x foot seven ... i n 
d ia metcr. A nd when he shook my . 
hand, [ thought n:t never gct it back. 

So there I was, face-to-knee with 
thc big man on campus, wondering 
how I was going to relate Art1erican 

Literature to The Hu Ik. 
But then he pulled our:l can of 

Orange Cappuccino. I was shocked! 
Could it be that this tough jock 

liked its delicatc taste? And when 
Bone Crusher brought out the bone 

china, I was beyond belief 
Reading the expression on my 

face, he said, "What can I av? [ like it. 
The Cafe Francais is pretty good, 
roo." Well , who's soi ng to argue, I 
thought. As we SIpped o Llr Orange 
Cappuccino, I d isco\'cred that Bi II)' Jo 
loves reading nO"e\ ; his only problem 
was poetry So I save him tips o n 
readmg Emily DlCkin on, and he 
gave me a copv of Ann Beattie's 
"Falling in Place." 

AliI could think was, Dad's ncver 
going to believe th is! . 

General Foods International Coffees. 
Share the feeling. 

() I"'"" (.('or-ral Food~ Corp 

and 5:42.7 respectively. ;-_______ ____ _________________________________ _ 
The men's and women 's tea ms 

will face Santa Barbara Ci ty Col-
lege at Mission Bay next Sa tur-
da y befo re they part icipate in the 
annual an Diego Crew 'lassie 
April 1-2. 

-Jonllthlln Schreter 

DID YOU FIND THIS SPACE? SO DID ABOUT 30,000 OTHERS. CALL THE 
UCSD GUARDIAN AT 534·3466 AND LEARN THE POWER OF ADVERTISING. 



I . ! 

18 Monday, March 7, 1988 

THE A.S. WANTS YOU!!! 

HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO GET INVOLVED AND 
HA VE A VOICE ON CAMPUS. 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 1988 A.S. ELECTIONS: 

Filing begins March 7th at 8 am. 
Last day to file: April 4th, 4 pm. 

o FILING DU RI NG F INALS OR BR EAK WEEK !!! 

Where: In thc A .. Office with Patt y. upstairs in St udent Center "A ". 
Voting days: April 12th and Apri l 13th . 

T HE FOLLO Wl r-.'G PO ITlON WILL BE AVAI LA BLE: 
A .. . President 

Vice Prestdent Admlnistra t i,e 
Vtce President Finance 

V,ce President External AffaIrs 
Commissioner of Academic Affalf' 
CommISsioner of Communtcations 

Cornmissionl"f of Programming 
Commissioner 01 Public Relations 

CommtSsloner of Operations. Sen ices & Enterpme 
Commissioner of Uni\ersit)' Center Board 

S o phomore. Junior and . enior Senator. from each CoJlege 

For more information contact Patty in the A .. Office at Ext. 44450. or come up to the 
A.S. Office. upstairs tn Student Center A. abO\e ED 'A. 

A.S. I)ROG RAMM ING 

A. . Film erie. 
" La Bamba" 

Wed . March 9 
and 10 pm 

in SB 2722 
There i ,till time to bu) your A.S. fil m Sene, Membership Card lor only $4.00 a t the box 
office. for your fa,or ite raging nick.. o\e r 18 film. left! What a bargain! 

Attention all t (,SD gralphic artists: 
Ho\\ would ) OU like to ha\ e }Our wor\.. , ren hy thousands of people? How about having it 
in front of corporations throughout San Otego and California? If this sounds like the ki nd 
of item your portfolio could u,e, then , ubmit a de ign fo r the 1988 Sun God Festival 
T-Shirt before March II to Patty in the A . . Office! Besides the great ex posure there's a 
$100 prizefor the deSign we use! Remember. the image of the Sun God is in your ha nd s!!! 

The General Store Co·op 
The Co-op has .35~ ca nd y a nd AO¢ ,odas! And don't forge t to check out our 
photofini hing service - one day developing on Koday paper! Sho p at the General tore 
Co-op, loca ted in the Student Center, Mon Fri, 8:45- 5 pm. 

HOW TO GET YO UR OWN TRITON YEARBOOK 
T his yea r ma rks the th ird year of the UCSD Triton Yearbook and we need your support! 
This is yo ur chance to obta in a collection of this year's memories, permanently preserved 
in your very own UCSD Yearboo k. T he book is, a member of the ASUCSD, sponsored 
by the Alumni Assoc iation. and completely student run . The book will cover all four 
colleges. major o n-campus eve nt s such as Open House and the Sun God Festival , 
int ercollegiate sports, AS Clubs and Organi7a tions. resident hall photos. the Greeks and 
much, much more! But don't wait. . . get one now! (Yearbooks cover the ent ire year 
includ ing graduat ion, they the refo re will not be released until the Fall of 1988.) However, 
they ma y be obtai ned by pre-o rder. they will NOT be availa ble for sale next academic 
year, a nd there a re a limited nu mber of copies. Order forms a re available at EDNA . o n 
our office door (a bove the pool tables in thc Stude nt Ccnte r). or si mply call Alex Wong 
for more information a t 259-4891. 

************************ 
STAY ALIVE 

DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE! 
UCSD ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 

TIPSY TAXI SERVICE 
YELLOW CAB COMPANY 

234-6161 
THURSDAY THRU SATURDAY 

5:00 PM TO 3:00 AM 
(VAUD ONLY WHEN PRESENTED WITH CURRENT UCSD 10) 

-AREA SERVED-

La Jolla, University Center, Clairemont, 
Pacific Beach, Mission Beach, Del Mar, 

Solana Beach, Mira Mesa 

• NOT TO EXCEED 15 MILES • 

************************ 

TRITON WAVES MEMBERSHIP 
Be a part of the fun - join the Triton Waves! Membership includes a guaranteed great time 
and for a small contribution, you can enjoy free admission to all regular season home 
games, free giveawa ys and a chance at contest prizes. panies before and after selected 
games , and discounts at sclected local restaurants and / or stores (including a 10% 
di scount at B.J.'s Pilla, a 10% discount at Card Party - 15% off purchases of $ 10.00 or 
more . a 15% discount at Great Earth Vitamins , a 30% discount on a Pacific French 
Collection Sunglasses at Pacific Eycs & T's, and a 2 for I movie rental at Video Gallery 
valid Monday thru Thursday! ) A membership benefit card . valid through June, gets you 
a ll this and more for just $7.00. To obtain a card , either bringa check for $7.00 (payable to 
the Triton Waves,) to our office (in the student center, above the food co-op), or tojust get 
a little more informat ion, give u a call or come by our office. The tide is high , so catch the 
wave! 

ATTENTION: The UCSD Triton Waves is now accepting applications for governing 
posit ions to be made a t the beginn ing of Spring Quarter. This is your opportunity to get 
invo lved with a rapid ly growing o rga ni7.tion , develop your leadership skills and to have a 
great ti me! Do n't wa it - ca ll Pa ul Lanning now at 259-4891 for more information. 

Soaring Club 
What's mo re fun tha n doing 150 mph down 1-5 in a red Porsche? Being pulled 300 feet into 
the ai r above Blacks Beach. I f yo u're tired of the same old th r ills, then your time has come. 
Start ing Fe b. 27. the UCS D Soaring Club will be Soaring above the cliffs at Torrey Pines 
Gliderport. Rides cost $1 2.00 (non - students $25.00.) For more informatio n aboUlthe 
ride of your life (or the Soa ring Club in genera l.) call Da na a t 546-8845 . 

Warren College Student Council Elections 
Contact person: Crys Rys 455-9816 

Positions Ava ila ble: 
Pre, ident 

Vice P resident Interna l 
Vice Pre,ident Ex terna l 

Treasurer 
Secretary 

Commule r hair 
Campti' oaitllon for C ullu ra l Concerns Chair 

Programmi ng C hair 
Publici lY C hai r 

EAeculi\e Com mill ee (2 posil ions) 
Pa rlia mentaria n 

J udictal Board (4 posi t ions) 
Form avai la hle at Warren College Dea n's office. Fi ling period begins today . deadline 
Monday Ap ri l I I at noon. 

R.I.S.C. 
H EY YO U!! Yes. you!! The mand atory RI SC Sprint Trip Meeting is Wednesda y March 
9 a t 8: 15 pm in the Rec. Co nf. Room. Be t here or else !!! Any questions ... come to our 
office in the tudent Center room 204 (above the Food Coop) Monday - Thursday from 
10- 2 pm, or ca ll 534-4482 . 

TritonFest '88 
Mark your calenda rs now for TritonFest '88, coming April 20. 1988, on Urey Lawn! 
Co-sponsored by the ASU CSD Triton Waves , UCSD Intercollegiate Athletic , and 
UCSD Food Services. Watch for details! 

What's Happening at the Bayit! 
On Monday, March 7 at 5:30 pm, Miriam Naor, a magistrate from Jerusalem, will discuss 
her views on the present political situation in Israel. Then on Tuesday, March 8 at 8 pm, 
Leah Ronen from the Kibbutz Movement will speak on "The Alternative Life Style in 
Israel." Both of these events will take place at the Bayit located at 8121 Caminito Sonoma. 
For more information. call Micah at 452-3012. Sponsored by the Union of Jewish 
Students and the Israel Action Committee. 

Triton Trek! 
Coming Spring Quarter, Saturday April 23: The TRITON TREKt 25, 50. and 100 mile 
bike rides . ign up now! Registration forms available in the bike shop. Or call Julie at 
453-7627 or Todd at 535-0027 for information. 

Roger Revelle's Birthday Bash!!! 
Do n't miss om on the fu~-filled festivitics of Roger's birthday! Raggle Taggle will be 
there to p.rovldc the musIc for a parl y a tmosphere. And , of course. there will be FREE 
ca ke a ~d Ice c rcam . If you. wea r anything that has the word " Reve ll e" on it . you will get 
TWO FR EE SCOOPS. of Ice cream!! ounds like fun , huh? But that's not all _ you will 
al so have the opportulllty to takea picture with Roger, ind iv iduall y, as a memento of this 
~~ec la l day. So come help us ce lebrate at noon on the plata at Revelle Ihis Friday, March 

Flyinl Club Presents: 
March 7, there will be a field trip to Miramar Radar control room. This trip will be 
offered several times , and you must sign up soon in order to make space available. Come 
to thc Wednesday night meeting on 9 March at 7 pm for sign up . 

Your Club Can Raise Money at Peace Fair '18 
Be part of Peace Fair '88 on Thursday, April2\S1. Sell ~nternational food at one of the 5 
booths we will have there for you . 85% of the funds ralscd go to your club. and the rest 
goes to defra y the costs of Peace Fair '88. Contact Theresa Wilkinson Siefken, Beyond 
War Club. 278-6361 , or Van Hutchinson , Baha'i Club, 481 -3213. 

Ruelle Spirit Day 
Reve lle ollege wi ll proudl y ce lebrate Dr. Roger Reve lle', birthda y on Friday. March 
I I th o Slarting a t noon on R ~ve ll e PlaIa. thcre will be free entertainmcnt a nd food . Show 
~ ollr Rc\c ll ' piril by wearing yo ur Reve ll e T-. hirt on Ih i. du)! rhc Re~c llc Commut er 
Ad, I.ory Boa rd will be ,crvi ng l-R FF iee c re3 m. a nd we wi ll be givi ng lIWII) a ~ pcc i (11 
.u rpri.c to all tho;.c wea ring a Re\ elle I , hir t. So co me ce lehratc the la;. t dol\ of cia"e, 
t im !- riday . ll :l ppy Il trl hda) Dr. Rc\e lle! . 

Men's baseball 
Continued from page 17 
after Martine7's homerun , the 
sophomore Murphy ripped a 
double down the leftfield line, 
advanced to third on a ground 
out, and caught everybody off 
guard by stealing home with two 
outs, Owl pitcher Joe Blythe 
appeared obviously flustered as 
Murphy charged down the line; 
his pitch almost hit the Triton 
batter and bounded all the way 
to the backstop. 

came in with the right attitude, 
we executed well , we played great 
defe nse, and we had great pitch-
ing . W e flat outplayed them. and 
if we can play like this the rest of 
the season, we're going to be 
tough to beat ." 

Obviously , the s uccess of 
Temple's No. I nationally-ranked 
basketball squad has had little or 
no influence thus far upon their 
friend s on the baseball team. 

Monda)" March 7, 1988 19 
SPORTS 

Mlchad Guardian 
"It was a great effort by the 

whole team," a chipper Yates 
mentioned after the game , "We 

The Tritons continue their 
current homestand when they 
face U.S. International Univer-
sity next Thursday at 2:30. (Q) The Triton offense racked up five runs against Temple University in Saturday's win over the Owls. 

PIJ~ TRITON PUB ~\ Along with its campus atmosphere. the 
Triton rub offers a great selection of 
lunch and dinner entrees. a salad bar. 
and the largest video/pinball game 
center on campus. Whether for meols or 
a study break. make it the TrIton rub. 

Thurs. 7-9 :30 
SKAT~PlAST~R TAT~, Rap Artist 

We will be open during finals Week from 
11-2 AM. Bar will be open from 11 AM-I0 PM. 

GOOD LUCK ON FINALS! 
your friends at Triton Pub 

~ ROBERT'S & 
Q9 ~ ~ SAAB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
All work fully guarant~M • Factory Train~d S/Hciali&1s 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune-ups • Electrical 
• Brakes • Extended Warranties 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday·Friday 8 am· 5:30 pm. Saturday 8 am· 5 pm 

(619) 275-1132 

-

MSA· 
. " ., I 

.. 
I8ndaI _ca 

4630 Mission Oay Drive 
(1,5 to Balboa Exit) 

San Diego, CA 92109 

------------- - - --
- (l-:.xrf'p t .\luluT & Tr(lIIsmisswu ()l'rrha" IJ 
With This Coupon 

,X", ,.(./1/(1 fA /til "'/\ 11I1t.", 14"''''J II/ 
10% OFF 
On All Repairs· 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
~----------------------------~VERSITYOFCAL~O~SANDmGO----------------------------~ 

WInter Finals Week 
Buy-Back! 

MARCH 
14 -18 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 
9:00 A.M. - 4:30 P.M. 

Under the tent. 

-----... Regular hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-S: ISp.m. Saturday 10:00 a.m.o4:00p.m. Closed SWldayS 

MARCH 19 
SATURDAY 

10:00 A.M. - 4:00 P.M. 

534-3770 --......... ----... 



20 Monday. March 7.1988 

CI_lfted 1MIwrtb1". Is sold In ,. 
char ... I __ nts •• MIt ....... punc-
tu.eon ",-" ..wi .......... n .... 
_r. Is _I.,... • c ........ wtth 
c ..... I ...... _ntt". _ two ctt. __ 
ten. TIle r .. per ' lOch.Mlen Is" tor 
students. " for '_1Iy ~d It" ...... 
tor .......... ~.,..... In -*_ Is ,. 
qulred: ....,....,. . .... IIIUIt be ", .. led 
wtth • check I ...... out to The UCSD 

~,_"""'lnpenon . .,... 
lin_ •• 4 P" Mo~ for TllurscMYs 
P ..... 4 p IlI TllurscUy tor MondaYs p. 
per. TIle Gu.cn.. ,.._ rtg .. to 
refuse eny 1tdItertIs1". Includ l". but 
not 1I .. lted to ~1onIhIp ..... For 
__ ....... .eIon uti ~ ..... TIle 
Gu .... I~. UCID •• 0' •• u Jolla. CA 
.2"1. 

Announcements 
Friendship building through open. honest and 
IntentIOnal communicatIOn SupportIVe con-
frontatIOn resolves Inner conflict and fosters per-I 
sonal growth Priceless free rap group seeks 
participants. 581-1310 16/9) 

PM. IPersonal AsSistance for Learning) confer-
ences now available ;or OASIS Reading & Stucly 
Skills Center Call 53+3760 or stop by HUL 
1058 for an appointment o r more Information 
13/10) 
EnJOY a great vegetarian feast. mantra medi-
tation. and philosophical dlscoursel Tuesday at 
6 pm In HUL 1116. 13/7) 

Students of Revellel Applications for Revelle Col-
lege CounCil are available now at the Revelle 
Provost office from Karen Deadline IS on March 
18113/ 10)p 

Revelle students I Mandatory student Involve-
ment opportunities Info session on MarCh 7 at 
5 ' 30 In the commuter lounge for anyone Inter-
ested In being on the Revelle College CounCilor 
on a committee 13/7) 

Student Organizations - your Needs Assess-
ment Forms are due at EDNI'I ~ March 81 More 
Info -AncIy x4022. 13/ 7) 

Outgoing students needed to present edu-
cational services to UCSO academiC community. 
FleXible hours. Apply In pt'rson Klnkos La Jolla 
Village Square -ask for Mike. 13/10) 

Start training for the BMW - La Jolla marathon 
relay. Put togt'ther a team of five I 5.2 ml~s per 
runner) and help UCSD Cancer Center battle 
cancer. For more Info call In MotIOn at 483-9501 
-(ace May 7 13/10) 

Ski Tahoe over sp. brk Mar. 22-29. Havecndo 
I ml fr Hvnly need 4 mellow. responsible pero-
pie. Total hslng cost S60/person Call Brian 453-
9843· 13/7) 
Come ce~brate Dr. Roger Revelle's Birthday on 
Fn .. March II on the plaza. Wear your Revelle 
T-Shirt I 13/7) 

The last Commuter Breakfast of the quarter is 
on Wed .• Mardl 9 7'30-8'30 am. Commuter 
Lounge Just 50¢1 13/7) 

Third College Graduating Seniors ' speak at gra:-
duation. deadhne. April 8, TC Dean's office. 
More info. X4340. 13/7) 
Grossman Simington is looking for an imme-
diate Intern. Great PR training for the future. If 
interested contact I'ISIO in the Student Center 
or call 53+-4689. 13/10) 

Behar CommunicatIOn needs spring intern~ 
AW' to administer PR skills. For more details. 
contact ASIO in the Student Center. 13/10) 

San Diego Scottish Highland Games. Inc. needs 
volunteer Intern to put together a PSI'. for televi-
SIOn ASAPII'III Interested should stop by atASIO 
In the Student Center above the game room. 
Open M-F. 9-4 pm. 13/10) 

Depart. of Motor Vehicles In Sao amento needs 
summer Interns. Possible compensation. Con-
tact ASIO if Interested 13/10) 

A to Z Computers needs interns for national 
computer marketing and research l'lSAP. POSI-
tion entails telemarketing In small buSinesS 
erlVlfonment. Contact ASIO for more Info In the 
Student Center 13/10) 

OBSESSED 
WITH FOOD? 

Programs now 
available for: 

• Bulimia 
• Weight control 
• Compulsive eating 

La Jolla Center for 
Mood. Appetite 

Disorders 
546-4415 

Tacotlme 59C tacos and free drink refills at time 
of purchase Taste the real difference 16/9) 

San Diego Woman needs Interns to assist In 
newspaper productIOn AY\PI Paid positIOns 
Include pasting, layout. graphiCS & ads. Fc~ 
more Info. contact ASIO In the Student Center 
aboVe the game room 13/10) 

Standing Ovation needs 2 interns to research & 
promote majOr speakers. PoSitIOnS offer POSSI-
ble compensation. If Interested. stop by or call 
ASIO in the Student Center. or call 53+-4689 
13/10) 

One Stop Home Shop needs Intern ASAP to 
aSSISt with advertiSing & creating new bro-
chure Contact ASIO. 13/ 10) 

Roger Revelle's 8-dayl FREE cake and Ice cream. 
Revelle plaza. Friday March II at noon 13/10) 

Housing 

Thinking of moVing? I'm looking for 2 people to 
share a master sUite In a new La Jolla Colony 
condo. Refrigerator. microwave. pooI.JacUZZI. 2 
car garage w /opener S225/mo. Call 457-4335 
leave message fI person ok.) 13/10) 
Roommate wanted to share a 31Xlrm hse Own 
rm. yd. move In sp qtr. BOO + '/ ' util. Call Dave 
455-6045 13/7) 
Room 4 rent In Genesee Highlands condo. Near 
UTe SeriOUS non-smoking, non-partying stud-
ent wanted S300 per mcnth I'Ivallable March 
3 Pool and park near-by. Call 455-8401. Ask for 
Kevin 13/10) 
Wanted: I female to share huge. beautiful 3 
bedroom condo WIth unly lather personl Gar-
age. washer. dryer pools & more. Too good of a 
deal to pass up Call 45tr9280 or 455-9069. 
13/7) 
Del Mar condo availl'lpr I. 2 bedroom S84 5 Inc. 
wash/dry. hot water. Call 25~5291. 13/7) 
Nonsmoking female roommate wanted to share 
luxurIOUS 3 story fully furn condo In La Jolla. 
Own room and bath. 2 IXlrm. 2 1'1 bath. kltch. 
din rm. IIV rm. 2 car gar. dlshwshr. rTlICrowave. 
fireplace. patio, deck. pool. spa, washer/~r. 
10 min. from UCSO. next to UTC - call Holly 
455-6649 I~ave message) S400 + 1'1 util. lavail-
able now and/or subletting for summer.) 13/7) 
luxury Villa on Cabo San lucas bay avai~ to 
rent March 24-31. SI~s 6. kitchen. 27tr 
0527. 13/10) 
$300 + '/' utll In Del Mar. Pool. Jacuzzi tennis 
cts. I'Ivailable now. Call 755- 7485. 13/10) 
Female roommate wanted to share master bed-
room In fully furnished condo 10 min walk to 
UCSD; pool.;aCUZZlS, dishwasher. BOO/month 
+ Yo utlhtles I'Ivallable 3/20 call April 535-0329. 
13/10) 
Male roommate wanted to share master bed-
room -Del Mar - 10 seconds to beach S285 
monthly call 481-2641 13/10) 
Lv. off campus 4 spring Yo . Call Tanya @587-
7733. I need a fml rmmate -condo In Colony. 
pool. jacUZZI. everything 13/10) 
PM. room. owner 50 woman home. Vista. 
prefer male grad. student. SI50 mo. +some lite 
duties. PoSSibility owner gone over summer. 
Reduced rent for house-Sitting over summer. 
Deslys. eves. 726-6811. 13/10) 
Rad rooms for rentl 1'1 large house In SOlana 
Beach hasjust been emptied and it feels rather 
lonely. 1'1 big front and back yard. lots of trees. 
near the beach and the Belly Up. lots of sky-
hghts and wood galore I Rent is negot iable. 
rooms may be rented separately. Call 452-5676 
Delli or Gall. 

Roommate ~Avail. now. SI98.00 mo. + '/' utll. 
15 min. from UCSO. Great area call Kris or Barb 
280-6384 Iv msg 13/7) 

For Sale 

Rd. trip tk SO-NY Iv. March 19 - 26 for S238. 
Call 457-4483. 13/10) 
Alrhne TIcket to anywhere In cant. US. 5150 call 

45~ 7202 evenings. ask for ROd. 13/10) 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need nol be expensin 
Special College 

Student Program 
Call for your FREE 

quote today! 

560-9055 
Oak Leaf 
Insurance 

Agency 
I ~ III 

" .. Mill \ill~ MUAd 
,lltl 

Stereo I Kenwood car recl'lVer. Pre-set statIOns. 
auto reverse. scanner feature Call Cratg 452-
B38613/ 7) 
Perfect fOi studentls)- Combination book-
shelves/chest of drawers Iset of 2) SI00-299-
2904· 13/7) 
For salel Datsun FlO station wagon 83000 mi. 
1978 Good condition dependable only SI,295. 
Call Blfglt 546-0652. 13/10) 
Canyon 6'8 SI50 O 'Neil men'S large wtsUIt. SilO 
bOth perfl 792-1634 -RKh. 13/10) 
For sale: printer Smith-Corona. Good Condi-
tion. Good for resumes & papers. BOO abo. Call 
581-6746· 13/10) 
Ford Escorts: 1978 black hatchback. auto trans. 
17K miles. asking S4500; 1987 gold hatchback. 
manual trans. 391< miles. asking S3900; 1986 
red hatchback. auto trans. 561< miles. asking 
53000. 1986 white hatchback. auto trans. 951< 
miles. asking S2500. 1'111 prices negotiab~. Call 
458-2435 M -F. Bam - 5 pm. 13/10) 
GUitar for salel Beautiful tone. prime conditIOn, 
OvatIOn w/case. S550 call Susie at 457-2877. 
13/7) 

Wanted 
Driver With own car needed to pICk up and 
delIVer VISiting professor at airport on a twice-
weekly regular basis. Excellent pay. ~Uability a 
must. Call 53+477B. leave message. 13/7) 
Hiring . Clynamic. responsible sales persons to 
sell roses at La Jolla bllSlnesses. EViffilng hours. 
S45 - 100 per 5 hours. tipS and bOnuses. Must 
be 21. 297-4B50. 13/7) 
Thlfd Word News~er seeking TC student 
With newsletter. yearbook. etc. expenence to 
serve as editor Intern. Volunteers with and 
WIthout experience needed also. Apply TC 
Decon's office or call 534-0644. 13/10) 
SInger/lyricist for hi-energy funkroclc foursome. 
Where are you? Call Jon 792-5209 ~ave 
message. 
Do you like to sail or water ski? Would you like 
to get paid to do It? The Mission Bay Sportcen-
ter IS hiring sail and ski instructors as well as 
dock workers for summer. call 488-1004 for 
more Info. 13/7) 
Outgoing students needed to present educa-
tIOnal services to UCSD academic community. 

~xible hours. Apply in person. Kinkos La Jolla 
Village Square -ask for Mike. 13/10) 
Del Mar Prof, family needs dr~ /child care M-
F 3-6 pm. S5/hr. non-smolcer. Exper. ref. reg. 
phone 260-4B31 or 481-9881. 13/10) 
ADVERTISING SALES PEOPlE NEEDED. The 
Guardian is now hiring ad reps for spring qtr & 
next year. Call 534-3466 ask for Michael. 13/10) 
La Jolla programming shop needs a good Turbo 
C programmer who also knows assembler. 
including how to make use of imerrupts. for the 
IBM PC. 8e able to wrk 20+ hours/week. Pay: 
sa to SIO/ hr.. depending on experience. Call 
Don or Craig at 45+ 7015. 13/7) 
Near-working band looking for confident. 
powerful vocalistl Must be dedicated. Male & 
some experience prmrred. Inti: REM. Echo. 
Smiths, firehose. etc. Call Jim or John leves) at 
483-1723113/10) 

Sa~. Personal & professional consulting co. 
Desire ambitious peop~ to become master 
sa~person while helping people. Xlnt. uain-
ing. Part-time during school year. Fulltime 
summers. 481-9830. 13/10) 

Services 

TYPING-Theses. Ph.Os. MAs. Term. All for-
mats RushJObS-MI'IRIE 931-9596. 13/10) 
Typing & resumes word processing student dis-
count 3251 Holiday Ct. Ste. 204 upstairs open 7 
days 546-9256. 13/10) 
TYPING - Theses, Ph.Ds, MAs. Term. All For-
mats Rush JObS -MI'IRIE 931-9596. 13/10) 
Word processing- reports. theses, equatIOns. 
resumes. etc. laser prlnter- student rates. 484-
5996. 13/10) 

EARN 
EXTRASS 
Earn saa every month. 
Donate plasma. Study 
while you help others. 

New Houn For Your 
Convenience: Open 

Until 6 PM Mon.-Thun. 

For information call 
226-1733. 

Essential Biologics 
3340 Kemper St. #101 
San Diego. CA 92110 

Student typlng-- Sl.80/double space page Ex-
perienced Rush available. Input/output-53tr 
0470 13/10) 
THE BIOTECH BOOK IS a current hst of biotech 
firms In San Diego available at Butler and Mayes 
books. La Jolla Village Square 45trI698. or at 
the UCSD bookstore. 13/10) 
Burke secretarlal- Word Processing/ Typing-
Spelling corrected- rush JObS specialty Claire-
mont 274-8305. 13/10) 
PROFESSIONl'lL WORD PROCESSING. STUD-
ENT RATES. 7 DAYS 1'1 WEEK. EXCELLENT 
ENGLISH SKILLS 755-2683. 13/10) 
Word Processing - Fast. reliab~ service. Call 
Roger Lo at 54~7989. 13/10) 
Typ,ng/Word Proc Expert w/ IBMPC/I9Ser 
printer. La cost term paps. theses. resumes. 
Nadine 578-0496. 13/10) 
Tutoring - a proven method towards better 
grades-specializing in Bio-Chem-Phfsics-
MathGeneral Studies Reasonable rates - ~x­
Ible hrs. We can help you cram for exams - for 
appt or Info call Leland at 25~2028. 14/7) 
Editing, proofreading. research assistance and 
typing 481-1715. 13/10) 
Papers. resumes. thesis call 566-9096 Ieven-
ings.) Reasonable rates - excellent quality 
13/3) 
We'll video anything. Video postcards. 1M 
Games. parties. Call Blue Parrot Video at 488-
4063. 13/7) 
TYPING - Fast TurnarOUnd. Possib~ campus 
pick-up and delivery. Call LEIGH - La Jolla. 
456-2382. 13/7) 
Word proCesSing - reports. theses. equations. 
resumes etc. laser primer -SWdent rates. 484-
5996. 16/30) 
WORD PROCESSING: S1. 75/pg. Fast. Pickup/-
Delivery. Student disc. Arw:ty Laurence. 535-
0209. 13/10) 
Typing. word proresslng. editing. student rates. 
professional product. Call for appo!Otment -
454-6860· 13/10) 

Lost and Found 
Lost: Rhinestone fish pin at TKE C~n-Dale·s. 
first show. If found. pIuR call 546-8294. 13/7) 
Lost Sliver pinky ring with Inscription. Reward 
- it found call Robert 455-5979. 13/7) 
Lost: one pair red & white goalie gloves- I 2 pm 
Pryatel 2/27; rewardI792-1634 -Rich. 13/10) 
Found: one pair of shoes on Chip N ' Dales bus. 
Call 453-0282 to claim. 13/10) 

Penonals 

Speak Spanish. Cuernavaco Language School, 
the place to ~arn it. Flve hours each day. Cultu-
ral activities. field trips and excursions. Faml~ 
living.1'Ipdo 4-254 62430 Cuernavaca. Mexico. 
173) 15-46-43. 16/9) 
Mom's Mums is located right on campus & 
supplies corsages & boutinieres for semi-formals 
MWF 12 -4114/18) 

Revel~ students I Mandatory Student Invo~ 
ment Opportunities Info Session on March 7 at 
5:30 in the Commuter Lounge for those Inter-
ested in being on the Revel~ College Council or 
on a committee. 13/7) 

Students of Revellel Apphcattons for Revelle Col-
lege Council are available now at the Revelle 
Provost office from Karen. Deadhne IS March 181 
13/10) 

Student Organizatlons- YOL r Needs Assess-
ment Forms are due at EDNI'I ~ March 81 More 
Info - I'Incly x4022 13/7) 
Outgoing students needed to present educa-
tional serviCes to UCSO academic COr:lmunlty. 
Flexible hours Apply In person. Kinkos La .Jolla 
Village Square -ask for Mike 13/10) 

Kit & Erik - You twO are great sports. I've 
resigned to watching Moonlighting instead 
SOmeone who knew too much. 13/7) 

I'Inn. Lynn. Robin. Jeannette & Yanna: Con-
gratulatIOns on Initiation Into 1'.0111 Love, your 
Sisters I 13/7) 

Roger Revelle's B-Dayl FREE cake and Ice cream 
Revel~ PWa. Friday March II at noon. 13/10) 

Reward: Find a brown leather JiKket this quar-
ter? Reward for its return - no questions 
asked. 455-0628. 13/10) 

To the Argo man I met after the TKE ChIp N ' 
Dales event : I'm sorry for betng so drunk. but I'm 
not sorry for being with you that night. I'd hke 
to see you again 455-9893 DetlDie. 13/7) 

Steve in 2510 -I don't want to gIVe myself away 
qUite yet- you know me - I'm In one of your 
classes - YSF. 13/7) 

Alison SmIth. we hiM! a frll'Od who's been eye-
Ing you from afar. but he's too shy to approach 
you. Hint: Math 2B Reply? 13/7) 

Sandy. next time I'll pass out so I can be carried 
to the car by 2 guys. but I won't lose any clo-
thing. 13/7) 

WI'INTED: 65 PEOPLE We'lI pay you to lost up 
to 29 IbS. in the next 30 daysll Dr. recom-
mended. I()()'II, natural -no drugs. 100% gua:-
ranteed. Call: Katie 452-3710. 13/10) 

7 wins. 0 losses I Chapaquitlk dominates 
slng~-I'I hoopl IHas any other team scored 
over 110 In a game7) I salute my teammates: 
Tominlque. Doug "Fat" Lever. Len Laimbeer. 
and the Brian Bros & Harv Smrelc/I'lir "J." 13/7) 

I'ISIO Racheil -Sorry I did not show on Thurs-
day. I would ~ to hiM! lunch with you. Sin-
cerely. The Diet Coke Man. 13/7) 
Stucly and intern.tllp programs in 8ritain ¥1d 
Ireland: Carolyn Watson of Be_ College will 
meet with Interested students in the II"ftma:-
tlonal Center conference room 4-6 pm. Tuesday 
March 8. It's not too Iat r to apply for Be_'s 
programs tor next year. so be sure to stop ~ it 
you are Itlterested. Sponsored ~ the Opportun-
ities l'Ibroad Office 
Kelly R. - Here's your personal. You've rTIc1dr 
this quarter awesome for me. You're the gre~ 
test friend in the world I ~ youl -Phil. 
lara. Leesa. Todd and Kathy - I'm sorry. What 
more can I say but thanksl -J 
Carolyn - Just thought I'd say I'm looking 
forward to seeing you I Let's play tennis some-
time. ok? Your pal. Larry. 13/7) 

To the Muir god - I miss you. 

Travel 
Europe. S29.5O a day: vist 7 countries by bus. 
camp at night. Contact your travel agent Of 
Tradewind Travel~s Club. 1212) 832-9072. 
13/7) 


