
• Racism 
Who's to blame on campu~? 

• David H. Bradley, Jr. 
on black history 

• Volleyball 
Men defeat 
Division I 
CSUSB 

page 8 

He reminds us of what the 
history books left out. 

page 9 page 12 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1988 VOLUME 60, #37 

to ..... with. To compare • c:Iau of 19 
.... (e .... of I9I2)tOI cJus 0(2.615 
........ ad la, abat the 50 percea' 

.... 0 .. rate for bodllfOllfl is equal it DOl. 
vaIid~ .............. ofthe ... lIlber 

..... ' .. u ... ..., 
__ I. dIe black tolAAC 

Vaup Rex It .... 
_ ...... at UCSD. ~ 01 OM 

'*"* It .... itequiYaieat to .......... or 

Black numbers 

• Only 402 out of more than 
13,000 UCSD undergraduates 
(3 percent) are black. 
• Half of those 402 will not 

graduate from this school. 
• UCSDisthe only UC cam-

pus with a Student Affirma-
tive A ction Committee. 

IIWII • It ...... • 
..... OM bIIct It .... dropt 
out of ICIIooI, the uivenit 
fUll • problem ~ Chaa 
., ..... tobe. 

ne p, .... with 
_ aot ... rt at die 
u , "RiP .uritio. 
IWtI carI7,- OASIS director 
Laurel Corona .. id. "Even 
Wore juiot hiP •• tude .. of 
~ .., fIllChool. AacI 

• Of 1. 737 faculty , 28. 1.5 
"'.~ ...... nlf' .... IIt'" percent, are black. ~" .. """,~~~~ , t -.illllla. ........ 1 ..... 

• 4.5 percent of graduating 
high school seniors are 
UC-eligible. 

Status of Women 
Committee forms 
By CYNTHIA CHES Y 
SttljJ Writer 

A committee to examine the 
status of women at UCSD has 
formed and will make formal 
recommendations to the chan-
cellor regarding implicit and ex-
plicit discrimination against 
women staff, student and faculty 
on campus, according to Pat 
Kitcher, committee chair and an 
associate professor of philo-
sophy at UCSD. 

It became apparent to UC 
administrators, including the 
chancellor that UCSD, one of 
the last I) C campuses to form a 
Committee on the Status of 
Women (CSW), was lagging 
behind other UC campuses in 
terms of women's support servi-
ces after UCSD representatives 
attended the Systemwide Con-
ference on the Status of UC 
Women at UCLA last year. 

The conference conducted ses-
sions on Affirmative Action for 
Faculty, Staff and Students as 
well as Parenting, Pay Equity, 
Women's Safety and Sexual 
Haras ment issues and a report 
was issued to all UC campuses 
giving broad recommendations 
in each issue area . 

After this conference " the 
UCSD administration recog-
nized that the e issue ' [brought 
up at the UCLA conference] 
needed to be addre ed ," Kitcher 
said . 

One 01 the more obvious differ-
ences b«:tween UCSD and other 

UC campuses in terms of wo-
men's services is the inequity of 
Women's Resource Center 
(WRC) funding. The UCSD 
Women's Resource Center re-
ceives $1,080 from the A.S. and 
the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee to provide services 
for a student population of 
12,000, according to a compil-
ation of campus populations and 
total budgets by the UC Feder-
ation of Women's Centers. 

This figure is in stark contrast 
to the level of WRC funding for 
other UC campuses. For ex-
ample : San Francisco receives 
$106,254 for 15,000 students; 
Riverside receives $95,238 for 
6 ,970 students on campus, and 
Santa Barbara receives a whop-
ping $165 ,433 for its 18,000 
students. UCSD is also the only 
campus where the WRC is not a 
university unit with formal ad-
ministration. 

l:.loise Oe Leon, the under-
graduate student representative 
on the UCSD Committee for the 
Status of Women and a volunteer 
at the WRC on campus, said that 
the center i a big reponsibility 
for the four student volunteers 
who currently run it. 

" We [the committee] are look-
ing to see if other UC model are 
useful in helping us make chan-
ge . . .. the UCSD Women' 
Resource Center needs to be run 
by full -time paid admini tration 
as well a volunteers ," De Leon 
said . 

The committee which is made 

Dr. Pat Kitcher 
up of members of faculty , staff, 
graduate and undergraduate stu-
dent communities, will form sub-
committees in specific areas such 
as Women's Resource Center 
issues. It will conduct studies 
and make specific recommen-
dations to the chancellor, as well 
as monitor the results to see that 
the suggestions are put into use, 
according to Kitcher. 

The committee was formed by 
the Chancellor to bypass the 
current bureaucracy, which is 
not set up to handle the many 
issue that are connected with 
sexual di criminat ion uch a 
subtle sexual harassment or a 
lack of respect for women. 

"Within the current bureau-
cracy it is hard to initiate any-
thing," Kitcher said , She al 0 
added that the UCSD committee 
and subcommittee meetings are 
to be held behind closed door 
until the committee could vote 

ee WOMEN. PA,e 3 

'Indicator' charges 
A.S. negligence 
By ELAINE SMOLER 
SttljJ Writer 

The New Indicator collective has filed a complaint accusing Steve 
Tauber, commissioner of communications for the A.S. Council , of 
being negligent in his duties and is seeking to remove him from office 
at a judiciary board hearing this Thursday night. 

They claim in their official complaint that "Commissioner Tauber 
has failed to convene and chair required meetings of the ASUCSD 
Media Board during the 1987-88 academic year." 

The Media Board is an advisory committee which recommends to 
the A .S . council how to budget funds for the alternative media on 
campus. The alternative media are the papers which are funded by 
the A.S . (Ed. note: The Guardian is not a member o/the alternative 
media because it is not/unded by the A.S.) 

Tauber chairs the Media Board. The board may have a representa-
tive from each college, this year, however, it doesn't. Members of the 
board include a Warren senator, a representative from Third College 
(who Tauber claims has never contacted him) and a person ap-
pointed by the A .S . council. According to Tauber, Muir and Revelle 
Colleges have not sent a representative. Representatives from the 
alternative media are ex-officio members. 

Board attempted to contact N~", Indiclltor 
Tauber said that meetings were convened but that mo;st of the~ 

people did not show up. Still , legislation concerning funding for the 
alternative media can go through council since the Media Board only 
makes recommendations. Representatives from the alternative media 
were not present at Media Board meetings to influence the recom-
mendations. 

"I wrote letters to the alternative media and posted letters on my 
door," Tauber said . Tauber believes that writing letters is sufficient 
to get the representatives of the alternative media to attend the 
meetings. 

Jelger Kalmijn , a collective member of the New Indicator, did 
receive the letters informing them of the Med ia Board Meetings. He 
said , however, that they either couldn't make the meetings or they 
were postponed or rescheduled and they couldn't find where or when 
the new meetings would take place. 

"There's a real problem," Kalmijn said . "The media Board is 
supposed to meet once a quarter, and it hasn't met yet this year . . . it's 
our official way o[having input into the actual decisions like this bill 
151." 

Bill lSI is an amendment to the Media Board charter passed a few 
weeks ago, which reads, "All printing contracts shaH be terminated 
Friday of the Ninth Academic Week of each quarter." In the letter 
which informed all the alternative media of this amendment, Tauber 
said, "This is to best insure that students receive all publications 
before finals week." 

"Students are forced to pay $1.50 out of their A.S . fees [to fund 
alternative media]," Tauber explained . "During finals week, they 
don't read [alternative media]. The New Indicator released their last 
issue of the quarter on the final day of final week [Friday, June 12, 
1987]. If students are paying for it, they have a right to read it." 

Injunction Soulht nnt week 
The New Indicator will.ask for an injunction against the bill at a 

hearing next Tuesday. They feel that they and the other papers 
should be able to print during finals week, and that the amendment is 
unlawful. Included in their official complaint is a request for dam-
ages totaling $25,000 to be used toward defense in case of similar 
ituations in the future . 

"The damages they request are ultra extreme," Tauber said . "It 
take away from the legitimacy of their argument." 

The amendment's wording was unclear as to when it would take 
effect. Kalmijn is under the impression that the amendment will 
apply to this winter quarter and therefore will break their contract 
with San Dieguito Printers. 

"It doesn't take effect until next budget process," Tauber said. "It 
would be unfair if I were to say at fifth week that they couldn't print 
after ninth week ." He also said that the date that the amendment 
takes effect doesn't need to be stated in the amendment itself. 

Other alternative media do not normally print on finals week. 
With this amendment , they are not allowed to print on finals week if 
they decide to alter their printing schedule due to getting backed up 
in their work, or due to the importance of a timely issue at the end of 
the quarter. They can, however, distribute the paper after ninth 
week . See N.J., pale 3 



2 Monda.\', F~bruQry 19, 1988 

NEWS 

Upcoming Financial 
Aid deadlines 

UCSD Undergraduate Financial 
Aid deadl ines for the academic year 
1988-89 are as follows: 

Wednesday, March 2 is the deadline 
for Student Aid Applicat ion for 
Cal ifornia (SAAC) for Cal Grant A or 
B (New and Renewal), Pell Grant , 
UCS D Fi nancial Aid, and fo r Cal 
Grant A or B Supplement ( Renewal 
only). 

Monday, May 2 is the deadl ine fo r 
UCS D Income Tax Cert ification 
Form and Signed 1987 1040 Tax 
P.eturns complete with all schedule 
and statements. Verification Form (if 
you are elected to verify the 
informatio n provided on your SAAC), 
Independent Student Status 
Documentation Form (if you are 
applying as an independent student ), 
Financial Aid Transcript from each 
postsecondary institut ion attended 
(unless previously submitted), and 
Student Aid Report (S AR) fro m Pell 
Grant. 

May 2 is al 0 the final deadli ne for 
students to complete their fina ncial aid 
file for full -year UCSD aid 
consideration. 

Mullin appointed head of 
MLRG at UCSD/ SIO 

Dr. Michael M. Mullin, professor 
and former associate director of 
UCS D's Scripps Institution of 
Oceanogra phy, has recently been 
appointed d irector of the institution's 
Marine Life Resea rch Group (MLRG) 
by Scripps d irector, Dr. Edwa rd A. 
Frieman. 

M ullin is a research biologist 
specializing in marine food chain 
studies and has been affiliated with 
Scripps Institut ion since 1964. He 
succeeds professor Joseph L. Reid , 
who has served as head of the group 
for nearly 15 years . Reid will devote 
his full time to research . 

The MLRG 's major research 

empha is is the inve tigat ion of 
physical processes and the plant and 
animals of the Cal ifornia Current, 
which stretches for more than 1.000 
mile off California and Baja 
California. Maj or funding for the 
work done by M LRG is from the 
California Cooperative Fisheries 
Program, which grew out of the loss 
of the sardine fi shery in the 1940 and 
has yielded the largest body of 
infor mation on that ocean system. 

Researchers in this program also 
work with the National Marine 
Fisheries Service and the Cal ifornia 
Department of Fis h and Game. 

Mu lli n received his undergraduate 
degree in biology fro m Harvard 
College a nd graduate degrees in 
biology from Ha rvard University. 
After o btaining his doctoral degree. he 
held a ational Science Foundation 
Postdoctoral Fellowship at the 
Universit y of Auckland in New 
Zealand . 

At Scripps Institu tion , Mullin 
served as chairman of the graduate 
departme nt and as associate director 
of the institution. His research 
int erests include st ud ies of the 
dynamics of plankton in the marine 
food cha in, and he has authored 
numerous scient ific journa l art icles. 
He also has served on the editorial 
advisory board of the Journal of 
Plankton Research. 

Socially responsible 
employment discussed 

The San Diego Economic 
Conversion Council will explore 
alternatives to defense work in a panel 
discuss ion entitled , "Socially 
Responsible Employment: 
Alternatives to Defense Work in San 
Diego," on Monday, March 7 at 7 pm. 
This meeting will be held at the First 
United Method ist Church 's room six 
in the lower build ing, 2111 Camino 
Del R io South. 

Panel ists will include Jack Brill, 
former Quality Co ntrol d irector for 
the U.S. _ avy supervisor of 

shipbuilding in San Diego, currently a 
financial planner specializing in 
socially responsible investments; Gary 
Flomenhoft , formerly a mechanical 
engineer with TRW, currently a 
consultant in product development in 
a lternative energy; and moderator Jim 
Rauch, ass istant professor of 
economics at UCSD and vice 
president of SANE/ FREEZE of San 
Diego. 

The event is free and open to the 
public. For more information, call 
299-5315. 

Int1 Women's nay 
celebration to focus on work 

International Women's Day which 
began in 1910 to honor the struggles 
of women for a better life will be 
celebrated on Saturday, March 6 at 2 
pm with, "Women in the Workplace," 
a program which examines women's 
changing economic roles. 

A panel of women from major labor 
unions such as: the United Domestic 
Workers , United Farm Workers, 
Service Employees, Coalition of Labor 
Women, United Electric Workers and 
United Machinists will be represented 
in this round table discussion to be 
held at the Unitarian Church, located 
at 4190 Front Street. 

Professor B. Meredith Burke, 
educator, demographer and author 
will a lso identify long-range 
implication of changes in the 
domestic and economic roles of 
women in both developed and 
developing countries during this free 
program. 

For more information on "Women 
in the Workplace," call 452-9280. 

Roots of nonviolence 
to be explored 

" Deepen1ng the Roots: A Workshop 
on Nonviolence, M will be led by 
Richard Deats on Sunday, March 6, 
from 1-.5 pm at the San Diego First 
Church of the Brethen, 3850 Westgate 
Place. This workshop will 
explore the roots of nonviolence in 
various faith traditions, as well as 
nonviolence at work in history 
through specific campaigns, and how 
to develop nonviolent methods of 
empowerment and vision. 

Deats, an int ernationally known 
peace activist , is current director of 
Interfaith Acti viti es for the Fellowship 
of Reconciliation in Nyack , New 
York. A United Methodist minister as 
well as a former professor of social 
ethics, Deats taught at the Union 
Theological Seminary in the 
Philippines for 12 years. 

Deats' peacemaking work has taken 
him to the Soviet Union seven times. 
Northern Ireland, Sweden, Kenya, 
Israel and Eastern Europe . He has 
taught seminars in liberation and 
active nonviolence in South Korea and 
in the Philippines . 

A $.5 donation is requested and pre-
registration is appreciated. For more 
information, contact tile Peace 
Resource Center at 265-0730. 

Student Safety Awareness 
promotes rape education 

During UCSD's annual Health and 
Fitness Fair held last week, many 
students participated in the Student 
Safety Awareness' "dating quiz, " 
which consisted of questions 
concerning the issues of rape and date 
rape. According to Student Safety 
Awareness Program, which aims to 
educate and raise the consciousness of 
students about the problem of date 
rape, amongst the most often missed 
questions :>n the quiz were the truth or 
falsity of these two questions: 

I . Men and women generally agree 
on what constitutes "consent" to have 
sex together. 

2. When on a date, it is safe to 
assume that both partners want the 
same degree of intimacy. 

Both these statements are false. 
In taking this quiz, students were 

eligible to enter a drawing for two free 
tickets to a Mann Theatre. The winner 
was Melanie Vallejos, a senior at 
Warren College. 

Author to read exerpts 
from his book 

Author Peter Gault will read from 
his book, Goldenrod on Monday, Feb. 
29 at 7 pm in Warren Commons. For 
more information. call 534-3942. 

-Compiled by Eva Wonl 

BLOOM COUNTY by'Berke Breathed 
r------.....;;~ Lights & Sirens ,--------, My ~5~ rT'5 

~ W (.1/£ /IV lIN 
II6E Wl£1?€ 'THE 
€MOT1ONI1U.Y 
P/!Cb/II/JOJJ()l.RT(i/? 
CAN ~ €),Pe'ImY -mtrIIT 

11OI(ielVeS! 
I 

IAKEN 
II hrJT 
fItImf · 

Selu"d e"trieJ from Iitt UCSD po/ice activity 106 boole 
for the weele Febnuuy " to Febnuuy 15 

Saturday, February 2. 
• 8:30am: An unkDfJwnsllSpect Itolea phone and sorncfood 

from the Faculty club. The IUlpect scaled the roof and entered 
the buildiDI throuah the court),ard. The club ilscheduled to 
open for business in two weeki. 
• 10: IS am: Two computers and a printer valued at S 10,000 

were stolen from an office at Urey Han. Police have no 
suspects. 
• S: IS pm: A male non-student was cited and released when 

an offK:Cr observed him remove money from an lUI.locted 
vehicle. The money wu returned to the vehicle" owner. 

Salida" '''''''' 21 
• 10:00 am: Unkoowa IUlpectt removed a partina ....... ita 

foundationud poIofroaaapartinalot at SC:ri".lUtituteof 
Ocean ..... 'hy. Police atilDMt this to be , .. twItIty-lnt 
meter atolea in the put IOVOtaI yean. 
• 6:30 pili: A male .. a-ttudelll wa ........ ill die .... .. 

locker room after lie ..... y videoI., I~ ....... .... 
showerina in the IMia lYe, Tbe supec:t ........ and 
releued. 11le videotape is in police C1IItOdy, 
• 7:33 pm: Throe .. i1on were armtecr It T...,. HaU .,.... 

they allepclly stole UIOrted female toiletries froIft • _h 
floor wOl1,len" restroom. The suspects were tat.. to couaty 
jail and their vehicle wu impounded for evideMc. 
Thanda" Febnaar, 25 
.8:20 am: Sound equipment valued at over SI.ooa wa. 

stolen from the projection booth of a USB lecture hall. Police 
have no UlpectS. 
For tile Week: 
Three vehides were reported stolen from camp .... Total 1011: 
513,700. 

COla .... .,...... " 

Women 
Continued from page I 
on whether or not to let other 
interested parties attend . 

Nevertheless, the committee 
plans to address four specific 
issues and will look to other UC 
campuses to see what has been 
done in each area. It will also 
attempt to take quantitative 
surveys to identify subtle discrim-
inatory acts that might be occur-
ring in these areas: sexual harass-
ment, women's safety, women 
graduate students breaking into 
the established "Old Boy" net-
work, and lack of university 
interest in the UCSD Women's 
Resource Center. 

The primary concern of the 
committee is that the act of 
sexual discrimination has 
become acceptable on our 
campus. Examples include un-
comfortable relationships be-
tween a professor and a female 
student, or in the way the campus 

Rkh Peeja .. 
Steve Tauber contends that 
"students don 't read alternative 
media" during finals week. 

N.J. asks 
for 25 
grand 
Continued from page 1 

Koala backing New I"dicator 
"We're backing up the New 

Indicator one hundred percent 
... I think people read stuff tenth I 
week , " said Kevin Muller, editor 
of the Koala. " Let's face it, no 
one wa nt s to study." 

"We've had to come in tons of 
Saturdays, tOns of evenings (to 
work on the case). We'd like to 
be working on our paper," Kal-
mijn said. 

The alternative media which 
are affected by the amendment 
are: Ne w Indicator, Koala, Cali-
fornia Review, Birdcage Review, 
L 'Chayim Quarterly. Voz Fron-
teriza, People s Voice, Women s 
Resource News/eller and Greek 
Quarter/y. 1m 
..-_...JJlu.., .... tCSD "ua.u.Ai ... i,~."n _ _ -, 

MtCHAEL FO ULKS 
Adl'erlising Manager 

SHENDL DIAMOND 
Office Manager 

MIKE MART t NEZ 
Adl'errising Designer 

Adv~rti.inl 
R~pr_ntativ~s : 

Ly nnc Karlc. Jenn ircr resta 

Thf lICS D Guardian 
B-016, ta Jolla, C A 92093 
Editorial: (6t9) 534-6580 
Business: (619) ~34·3466 

Tlte Guardlall " loca lcd nexi 10 Ihc 
Che are. 

Monday . February 19, /988 3 

NEWS 
i not set up to consider special 
needs such as cheap housing or 
an affordable day care program 
for single mothers, which puts 
them at a disadvantage. 

the "right number" of reported 
cases of sex discrimination car-
ries the assumption that we have 
at last arrived at an acceptable 
number. Such an assumption 
creates a "chilly climate for 
women on campus," Kitcher 
stated . 

of Women Graduate Students, 
which was appointed by the 
chancellor, found there as "no 
evidence of systematic discri-
mination against women grad-
uate students" at UCSD but 
recommended that the OGSR 
sponsor high school programs so 
that female students can "over-
come at an earlier stage, some of 
the barriers that at a later stage 
often seem insurmountable." 

studied by the UCSD Committee 
on the Status of Women. 

Faustina Solis, an assistant to 
the chancellor, stated that the 
committee will develop its own 
guidelines, and the chancellor 
will take into consideration those 
recommendations that could in 
fact be implemented . She also 
expressed personal interest that 
the general members of the 
UCSD community be allowed to 
attend the subcommittee pro-
ceedings . ~ 

"There is a definite feeling of 
not belonging here [at UCSD), 
and not being recognized as a 
junior colleague by professors," 
said Lora Lovett, the graduate 
student committee representa-
tive. 

Students such as Lovett and 
De Leon fear that the search for 

Evidence of a "chilly climate" 
at UCSD can be found in a 
report issued by the Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research 
(OGSR) issued last year. 

The Committee on the Status 
This final study by the OGSR 

will be one of the documents 

r 
I 
I 

KROSSWORD 
Use your head to win 

a oarefoot cruise. 

lDPIC: CARS 

-1111111111111111.11 
II. II • _II. • 
II. II _ 
II II ••••• 11 
II • • 
II II 11111111 

II 
• 
• 

Mail to: 
KahlUa 

Dept. AI, P.o. Box 230 
Los Angeles, CA 90078--0230 

Name _____________ _ 

Addre~i ____________ ___ 

City, _____________ ___ 

Statc _________ Z,p ___ _ 

Tckphone \-( ___ 1 _________ _ 

Rules 
1. Puzzle must be completed, but 
Cr<l6Sword answers do not have to be 
corR'Ct in onlcr (ur enrnes to qualify. 
2. Entrants may submit a many completed 
puzzles as they wish. 
3. No photOCOPICS permitted. Entry must 
be on this ad as originally printed In thi 
newspaper. 
4. Entries must be postmarked no laler 
Ihan May 1- . 1988. 
5. An Independem Judge whose selecllon IS 
fin.,1 will determine winner by Witnessed 
random drawing on May 22. 1988. 
6. Winner w,ll be notified by telephone and 
regIStered ma II. 
7. Trips mu>t be taken wlthon 18 momhs o( 
date of notification; certa in rest rictio ns 
apply. Pmes are not rrans(erable and laxes 
are the sole respons,b,ltty of Ihe winner. 
8. Emplo.,c,,, or (amd,c> of Kahlua 
(Malcisrone Wine & Splras Inc.~ their 
advertising and pron1(Xlon agencies and all 
retail and whoksalc Itccnsccs a", ineligible. 

Just imagine . .. sun-drenched 
days . .. moonlit tropical nights . . . 
sailing barefoot in paradise. And all 
because you sent in Kahlua's 
Krossword! 

If you complete the puzzle on 
this page and mail it in, you could 
win one of the most popular cruises 
in the Bahamas. 

Kahlua and Windjammer 
Barefoot C ruises will present the 
lucky winner of our drawing with a 
fun-filled six-day cruise vacation for 
two, including airfare. 

So give this puzzle your best 
shot, and be sure to look for other 
crosswords in this series in the coming 
months. There will be ten in all. 

Each puzzle you enter gives you 
another chance to win. 

AC ROSS 
1. Generic convertible 
2. C hrysler top gu n (first name) 
3. Embarrassing mass repairs 
4. A ir _____ _ 

DOWN 
5. Caddy's sports convertible 
6. Car industry critic 
7. Dr. Porsche's most popular design 
8. Nickname for American car 

company 

L Ill'''! ~.hlu .. ~ H I","" ... \I .u~hulfk" \k uw ~ .,~lrIc .. ln ... , LA", Ang ... lr-. ('A I 
---------________ .-l 



4 Monday. February 29. 1988 

NIKI NEWLANDS, Editor ill Chi~f 

TODD RAPPARPORT, MII""li", Editor 
PETER MESSROBIAN, N~ws Editor 
JEFF BERESFORD-HOWE, Opinion Editor 

The GNar",,," I~ published 1.,let "'cd.l} at the Unl\Cnll) of Cahfornla. San 
01<"&0 onrcnl S Cl I988 VIC~ .Ii txprnst.d hertln Ire nOi MCrssanl)' 1hoK of 1M lie 
Board of R('lCnl~. the AS UCSD Of the GUlIrdlQn. 

Shame 
Three percent and seven percent are two figures to 

keep in mind . 
The first is the percentage of black students on 

campus. The second is the percentage of black 
people in the state, which the University of Cali-
fornia theoretically serves. That, and the high 
percentage of blacks who leave UCSD without 
graduating are all you need to know to realize that 
the university'S efforts to recruit and retain black 
students are shamefully inadequate. 

In particular: 
• Shame on Chancellor Richard Atkinson, who , 

while working to maintain UCSD's top research 
status , has never made black recruitment and reten-
tion a serious campus priority; 

• Shame on Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Harold Ticho, who presides over a faculty which is 
about one and one half percent black; and 

• Shame on Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joseph Watson, the Associated Students 
government and all campus students and admini-
strators who tolerate a social atmosphere which, in 
the words of Biology Professor Willie Brown, is 
"concerned with the mainstream student body -
the typical caucasian, middle class American." 

(Shame on the Guardian, too, which ha no black 
editors, writer or workers on salary.) 

T here are a number of ra tional izations for the 
appallingly low numbers of blacks who come here to 
stay - a lot of black tudents don't want to come to 
a predominantly white area , or never meet UC 
qualifications in high school, for example . 

And nationally, UCSD' figures, while bad, are 
not unprecedented . 

But these are difficulties to overcome, not good 
reasons for the perpetuation of an unfair system . 

We, as a group, are racists. We are not contri-
buting to the equality of men and women in this 
state, but rather to the continued denial of op-
portunity. 

All of us have sha me to share. 

Women's Center 
Have you ever tried to v isit the Women's 

Resource Center? 
Nothing is more symbolic of the official campus 

attitude to the WRC than its location - buried in 
the bowels of the student center next door to the 
Food Co-op. To get in, you have to step around the 
Co-op's open door. There's just barely enough room 
for one person to squeeze through. 

Once you get in , there's some second-hand 
furniture and a volunteer who works a few hou rs a 
week and ma y or may not be familiar with the array 
of WRC operations and personnel. 

This is no way to run a center that is supposed to 
serve as a political and social focus for women 's 
issues, a place to initiate research, make campus 
contacts and press fo r improved treatment of 
women in the face of widespread sexism. 

Our center, which has a budget of $1 ,000, much 
smaller than the ne xt lowest WRC in the UC system , 
has not been given s upport adequate to do those 
jobs. The A .S . is the only arm of the campus 
providing the WRC with funds; at the other UCs, 
various student ad ministration grou ps provid e 
WRC support. 

The new Status of Women committee on campus, 
c haired by Philosophy Pro fe sso r Pat Kitcher, has 
declared that the WR C will be the focus of some of 
its work. 

Her committee, charged by the UC sy te rn , has 
the advantage of not being dependent on the UCSD 
administration for support. Consequently, it may be 
able to make some inroads in entrenched anti- W RC 
and anti-women attitudes on campus. 

FEIFFERe 

:" ,- , :~-, 

Letters 

Reagan, Hitler 
Share Ideas 
Editor: 

I'm writing to comment on a letter 
to the editor by Kevin Kelly [Guar-
dian, Feb. 25) in response to a 
political cartoon dealing with 
Reagan and Hitler. 

Kevin 's opinion of the cartoon is 
that it is a "baseless lie." I don't think 
that most people understand the 
cartoon or the "fact "on which it is 
ba ed . Both Reagan and Hitler are 
or were very char i~ matic . This qual-
ity propelled them In to office, no 
matter what their ideas hap pened to 
be. (Another good exam ple i the 
presidential race right now: Is Bush's 
wimp image fixed after his tiff with 
Rat her?) 

My parents lived in Poland when 
World War 11 broke out and they 
al ways comment on how spookily 
similar Reagan is to Hitler. If you 
compare the general tone of both 
the e men's ideas, they are very 
similar. 

Hitler wanted to dominate the 
world with his "super race" of people. 
Reaga n wants to dom inate the 
people of the world by making all of 
their decisions for them. 

Hitler ingrained a fanatical nation-
alism in his people. Reagan's policies 
are always defended ; if some other 
country does what America does , it 

Eucalyptus? 
Rip 'Em Out 
By ROBERT LEONE 
Staff Writer 

Remember the violent storms at 
the beginning of this quarter? Re-
mem ber the trees on the ground, 
blocking pathways, fa lling on walk-
ways, tearing up the earth? Of co urse 
you do. 

Eucalyptus trees ca n be stu rdy 
when properly tended . In a properly 
spaced ingle row, they're effective 
windbreaks. However the vast major-
ity of eucalyptus tree at UCS D are 
untended, and grow in thick groves. 
The result is reedy, weak-trunk trees 
with thin spreading branches. In 
other words, the eucalyptus at UCSD 
are not trees : rhey're living deadfall 
traps. 

. - -

IS condemned. 

~ 
A 

MtW/B-

Hitler made his ideas a reality by 
starting a war. Aren't we always 
worrying who's going to push the 
button , especially with Reagan's 
nearly fanatical need for increased 
military spending? 

Hitler's economics wasn't the only 
part of his politics. His hatred of 
Jews, gypsies, and anyone not perfect 
for his "super race" is what people 
remember. Reagan isn't remembered 
for his economic policies (other than 
massive miliarty spending), but for 
his "U.S. is best , communism is the 
devil-incarnate" attitude. Both sound 
like nationalistic propaganda to me 
a nd Americans can't differentiate 
a ny better between the truth than 
could Germans during World War 
11. 

Although Reagan didn't kill mil-
lions of people, he has the power to 
kill everyone on the planet. Are the 
readers suffering from an "it could 
never happen here" sy ndrome? Try 
to think about this more objectively 
and then make the call. 

Adama Dyoniziak 

No Football 
AtUCSD 
Editor: 

Michele Frie's letter [Guardian , 
Feb. 26) states that there is no school 
spirit at UCSD, no bond between 
students, no social life, and that the 
solution to all these problems is 
foot ball. 

What is the olution to this pro-
blem? Unless we at UCSD wish to 
co nt in ue to live in peril of being 
cru hedbya branch, which happened 
to a BMW in the Student Center lot 
a few years ago, we must rip out or 

I don't see these problems here, 
and if they did exist I don't see how 
football could come close to resol-
ving the situation. Being like " ... any 
college in the United States ... " is not 
a cure. 

UCSD is unique. We have the 
four college system in order to make 
students feel that they belong to a 
small community while having the 
advantages of a large university. I, 
for one, would rather be "wrapped 
up" in my individual college, than be 
a number in an unfeeling university. 
I fail to see the advantage in UCSD 
becoming another anesthetized insti-
tution. 

I don't see how being a faceless 
spectator at a football game will 
unify the students. UCSD offers the 
opportuni!y for any student to 
become actively involved in the col-
lege community. Participating in any 
of the numerous clubs and student 
government committees will do more 
to make the student feel a part of the 
campus, rather than spending a Satur-
day afternoon watching 22 men fight 
over a football. 

As for the deserted parking lots 
that Michele says exist on weekends, 
where are they? I have to fight for a 
parking spot when I come on campus 
to participate in I M sports. As it is, 
there is not enough field space or 
gym space to accommodate the 1M 
interest. Games are played until 1:00 
a.m. in the rec gym, and teams still 
have to be turned away. If Michele 
feels the need to get lost in a stadium 
crowd I suggest she pay to see the 
Chargers instead of asking me to pay 
for football to come to UCSD. 

Dayid Arroyo 

Gu."dl.,,, file phOlo 
cut down most of the eucalyptu 
trees and tend those that remain . If 
we wish to have trees, let them be 
native plants, such as the fast-grow-
ing, drought-resistant Torrey Pine. 
What do you think? lW 

Monday. F~brUII'Y 29, 191J1J 5 

OPINION 
.-Q&A 

Do you think Jimmy Swaggart's punishment was adequate? If not, what 
do you think it should have been? 

Being a preacher for such a self 
righleous religious 'cull' he should 
be punished according 10 Ihe 
Bible. An eye for an eye, a loolh 
for a loolh - CUI" off! The more 
lime he has OUI of work Ihe more 
lime for him 10 •..• you know. 
He:' sinned once. I bel he 'll do il 
again. 

Amy Berke 
Senior, Revelle 

PsychololY 

1 don 'I Ihink Ihat Ihere can be 
any earthly punishmentfor some· 
one in his profession. becaus~ Ihe 
idea Ihal a man of the clolh can 
be such a hypocrile is hardfor Ihe 
general public 10 undersland, bUI 
il j usl proves ,hal he Is human, 
and above no one. 

Grel L"cer 
OGSR 

Graduate Fellowship advisor 

From a biblical perspecl/ve his 
repentance was enough discipline. 
bUllhe disciplinary rehabililalion 
aCl/on is not only non· bIblical. 
bUI also nonsensical. Personally 1 
Ihink he is a hypocrile. 

Natalie Norwood 
Junior, Third 

Urban Studies Planninl 

Considuing il was selfinflicled 
punishment (he resigned himself 
for the Ihree monlhs), and know· 
ing his involvement with Ihe PTL 
scandal. 1 Ihink he should gellhe 
same 'rea'me,,' Jim Bakker gOI. 

Sean Banks 
Senior, Third 

Political Science 

No 1 Ihink il was a joke, his 
emotional display was a play on 
the Christian communilY:' feel-
ings. It:, ironic Ihat he was the 
one who lurned in Bakker. while 
he was doing Ihesame Ihi"g ifnol 
worse, with a paid prOSIllUle. He 
shouldn 'l be allowed 10 preach 
ever again. because he is supposed 
10 live by Ihe Lord's word and if 
he can 'l live by il . he shouldn'l be 
telling olhers 10. 

Tanya HOlue 
Freshman, Warren 

Undeclared 

-photos and interviews by Kathleen Donahue 



6 Monday. February 19. 1988 

ItEUGIOUS I'UNCT1ONS ,......, 
S.OO JNII - Calholic Mass Spon5()(ed by I"'" Catholic 
Communily al UCSD. Un~>l1y Lul"""an Church on I"'" 
C~ of N. TorrO!)' Pines and la Jolla Shores DrIVe 
..... ,. . ...,. 
6.00 pili - SWdem supper ,erved by I"'" lUI""'rans al 
UCSD. OUI o~n to all. UnNer>l1y lUlheran Church on the 
comer of N. T orrO!)' PInes and la Jolla Shores DrIVe 
,.OOp .. - ··~BookofAct! . IHhe BIble 'wdytoplC led 
by Ca"1'u! Pastor John Huber All are _Icome. Uni-
~rsily Lul"""an Church on lhe corner of N. TorrO!)' Pines 
and la Jolla Shores DrIVe. 

'.~"IO P'" - T"'" Parables In the New Teslamem 
give 10 us ,~ of I"'" mosl reliabel sayIngS of Jesus - jOin 
us 10 see how IhI!)' apply to your dally lIVing. United 
Campus Ministry Bible SWdy. II's not a sacllfice. It's a 
responsibiliryt SWdem Cemer Bldg B. South Conference 
Room. Free. 
.. 10 ..... - Candlelighl Mass Sponsored byt"'" Catholic 
Sludent Coordinators at UCSD A Qulel med,tative time for 
sharing wilh olhers. UnlVerslly Lut"""an Church on the 

c~ of N. Torr")' Pines and la Jolla Shores Drive. 
TtIund.wy 
S:OO pili - Catholic Mass . Sponsored by the Catholic 
Communlly at UCSD. University Luther an Church on the 
corner of N TerrO!)' Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. 
S.4S ..... - ~ Thursday Dinner. All YOU CAN EATI 
Homemade food and greal cO"1"'ny Spon5()(ed by the 
Catholic Swdem Coordinalors. universily lutheran 
Church on the corner of N. TorrO!)' Pines and La JOlla 
Shores DrIVe. Donation. S2.oo. 
'.10 ..... - Bible SWcIy - Eprscopal College Students. St. 
Elizabeth', O'Urch. 2825 MertonA~ For Information call 
Fr 8,11 Ma""'cly al 51.5-6661. 
,....." 

5 .00 P'" - CalhollC Mass. Sponsored by lhe Catholic 
Communily al UCSO UnNe"'1y lutheran Church on the 
corner at N. Torr,,), Pines and La Jolla Shores DrIVe. 
SMurclay 
S.OO pili - Calholic Mass. Sponsored by I"'" Catholic 
Communlly al UCSO Un~>l1y Lut"""an Church on I"'" 
corner ot N. Torr")' Pines and la Jolla Shores Drive. 
s..nU)< 
.. 00 .... 10.00 _ - EpIScopal Church Worship 
Service: Sunday Eurcha,," and Palish tellowship. Good 
Samaritan Ep,scopal Church. ~321 Eastgate Mall.lacross 
Genesee from east end otcampus. northotLaJol1a Village 

DII~. Intersectron ot EaSlgate and Genesee). 
.,10 .'" - Catholic Mass Sponsored by the Calholic 
Communlly at UCSD UnNersl1y Lut"""an Church on the 
corner ot N Torr,,), Pines and la JOlla Shores Drive 
.. 00 _ - College age class for Sluc/y and tellowship 
"""d ~kly wlthtn easy access to campus Sponsored by 
Uniled Campus MinIStry. Torr")' Pines ChrIStian Church. 
8320 La Jolla ScenIc OrNe. Nonh Information ~ 53-3550 
10.00.", - "T"'" 800k ot ACts ,n One Sermon" Will be 
presented by Campus PaslOr Huber. dUllng the Lulheran 
Communron seMce Everyone welcome UnNers11y lu-
theran Church on the corner ot N To",,), PInes and la 
Jolla Shores DrIVe 
S:OO _ .. 00 P'" - Catholtc Mass Sponsored by the 
CatholIC Communlly at UCSD UnNet'S11y lut""" an Church 
on the corner ofN Torrey-Pines and La Jol/a Shores Drive 
Pines and La Jolla Shores OrNe 

SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 
-.y 
9:00-10:00 am - Alcohol and Substance AOUse Peel 
Counseltng. Ooyou have QUestIOns or concerns regarding 
your use of alcohol or drugs? Are you WOrried about a 
family member or tllena? Peer counselors are avaIlable 10 
diSCUSS your QUesllonS and concerns dUllng walk-In hours 
No appointment Is necessaty For addllionallntormatron. 
please .call Sara Arraye or Debbie Allen at 534-3875 
Locallon' HSS 2056 
10:00-1:00 P'" - Peer COUnseling tor Women Students 
Need 10 talk to someone aboul ~rsonall!sues? Want to 
commurucate WIth a trained peer counselor who has 
expellence Similar to yours? Peer counselors supervised by 
PSYChological and Counseling SeM<es available tor con-
fidential SesSIOnS. Drop-Ins wekome. HSS 2051.. 
4:J0-6:OO P'" - lesbian Graduate Student Suppon 
Group Informal dlscus>lon and suppon group in which 
women are we come and confidentlalily is respected. led 
by laura. peer counselor. 
4:10-6.00 P'" - RecoverIng from Eallng DIsorders 
Group III ThIS group. torsrudents Wllh a hlstoryotserious 
concerns about eating. focuses upon bUilding the 
psychologIcal skills necessary for full recovery and en-
hancing ~rsonal potenual led by 8everly Harju and Amy 
8urke. peer counselor Call Dr HalJu for a prelIminary 
InteMeIN. 53+3987 location 302 WC 
6,Jo-•• 00 P'" - Cose.ual Suppon Group Gay and 
lesbian ~r counselors lead thiS drop-In diSCUSSIOn group, 
covering ISSUes relating to gay and bisexual men and 
women led by Jeff and Kathy. peer counselors Location 
412 we. Free 
Tuesday 
•• 15-9:10 .... - Graduale Women In ScIence For 
women Interesled In expiollng lherr concerns as graduate 
students. relallonshlps , developing trust In themselVes. 
expresSIng themselves more openly and fully Contact Pat 
Braaen. 5~-o249 location H/Ul1003 Free 
a:Jo-lo.OO .... - Gay and BlSe.ual Men's Support 
Group. A confidenual support group tor both unaer-
graduate and graduate men who are ellher QUestIOning 
Iherr sexualny or who alreacly ldenllfy as gay or bls~xual 
led by Crald Wiese and Bllan Johnson. 534-3755 
Location H/Ul 1003 Free 
2.00-1:00 pili - leI go of stress and a"",ely A weekly 
group desIgned 10 leach methods ot relaxIng and dealing 
WIth stress and anXlely. led by Sara Arraye. 53+3585 
Location H/Ul1003 Free 
2.J0-4rOOp'" - ~Drscussron Group for Students 
who are Parents Finally a support/dISCUSSIOn group for 
>tudents who are PARENTSI Come to dISCUSS parenting 
ISSUes ' dISCIPline. quality lIme. SCheduling. tIme manage-
ment and 10 meel other parents. T"'" g<OUP is SponSOred 
by Psychological ServICes. See you therel Localion' Muir 
Conterence Room/HSS 2148. 

Room for 
",. 

the whole 
darn tribe! 
DISCuss/ON 

~ 
2rOo-lrOO pM - Can you ImagIne what the world 
would be like it all the birth contraceptives disappear right 
al thIS moment? All the dales would have to be cancelled 
IOnight Iwell. almost all ot lhem) Come to our session 
today for more. Second floor Student Health. Free. 
-r-., 
1l.00-1rOO JNII - Come to our 81rth Controf Session 
and learn the satest way to invest your moMO!)' In the s!OCk 
market today/II Just kIddIng. OUt you do learn the salesl 
ways ot blnh control It you showup. Second ftoor Student 
Health. Free. 
We .. _d." 
IllOo-lrOO ..... - Give yourself a break today. Skip a 
class and come to o ur BIrth Control sesSion. You'lI find 
yourself a relaxed. renewed. refreshed person alter this. 
Second floor Student Health. Free. 
'nIurscIay 
12:00 p'" - You ~ thIS Thursday and nexI to attend a 
Well Woman s~slon thiS quarter ... come on ... go to It, it's 
the best hour worth ot women's health onformation you 'lI 
get all quarter. Secona floor Student Health. Red room. 
Free 
12:00-1,00 pm - Interested in U.S.-SOVIet relatIons? 
BEYOND WAR presents Professor James Skelly who Will 
~ak aboul hIS recent tllP to Moscow as well as on ISsues 
concernIng ~ace In the nudear age. Bring your bag 
lunch Tioga Hall S02 15th floor) . Free. 

J:oo-4:JO P'" - Graduale Women In Humamties. For 
women Interested In explOring their concerns as graduate 
students. relatIOnships. developIng ~rsonally and inter-

~rsonally' To "gn up. contact Wilma Busse. 53~-3585. 
Locarron. HSS 2121.. 
7:00-.:JO pili - Unclergraduate Women's Support 
Group ThIS group Will explore women', roles. relation-
shIps. assertIVeness In both schoOl and ~I hte. and 
any Olher tOPICS that are currently on your mind. led by 
peer counselors from Psychological and Counseling Ser-
VICes. For more Information call MarnO!)' at 792-5731. or Ltz 
al 454-9332. location: Women's Resourct Center. 

-.Nay 
10.00-11.00 _ -AlcOhol and Substance Abuse Peer 
CounselIng 00 you ~ questions or concerns r"9ilrdlng 
your use at alcohol or drugs? I'.re you WOffled about a 
family member or frtena? Peer counselors are avaIlable to 
d iscuss your questions and concerns dUring walk -In hours 
No appoIntment IS necessary. For addllronal intormatron. 
please call Sara Arraye or Debbte Allen al 5~-3875 
Locatron HSS 2056 

ORGANIZATIONAL M.n1NG 
n.un.s., 
.. 00 P'" - Surf Club Meets - Important meeting If you 
0_ monO!)' show up or _ WIll ,nake you unlll you pay. 
Also. all leam members must attend to find OUl aboul our 
next contest. PH 103. 

ACANMIC SDYICD 

-...... ....., 
...... 00 .... - SIGI - System ot Interactive Guidance 
ana Information Is a computer-run. career decision-
making and planning program. Career Services Center 
Fee SIO. 
............ - ~ L1nguage Program provides 
assistance to students whose Ilrst language is nol English. 
and to those doing work in SpaniSh, French, Italian. 
German and other language>. A diaglostlc test on written 
English as a second language i, available on request Call 

5~-22~ for more Information. location: USB 4010. Free. 
........ ..... - OASIS Writing Center oth!rs free 
service for all UCSO students who need pre-writing help. 
conferences on drafts and editing acMce. we engage any 
kind ot writing and any kind of writing prol*m. Confer-
ences ate by appointment only. Evening appointments are 
also available in OASIS Third Place at Third College. 
Warren Apts, Muir COllege and at Third dorms. I For lull 
range ot services see the back ot the current c/aSS 
schedule.) Call5~-22~ or""""byUSB~IO tomake .. n 
appointment. This service is avaj_ througtloUI the 
quarter. Sponsored by the OASIS Writing Center. Free. 
1 .... .00 ..... - Orop-ln acMsIng hours: For help with 
career goals. job hunting. ~ preparation or exploring 
professional or graduate school opportunities. No appoint-
ment necessary. Just walk-in. Career Services Cenler. Free . 

.N1DTAlNMDIT 
Tuesday 
,.00 P'" - "The Sky on location," a mm In color by 
Babette Mangolte. Babette Mangolte will screen and 
discuss her film which constructs a chronicle Of the land 
and seasons ot lhe American wilderness in lerms ot color 
r_ than maps. Mandeville room 103. Free. 

",00-12:10 JNII - Women's Support/Therapy Group. 
For women students ages 25 ~ars and older. The group 
WIll address specific topiCS of interesl to women. To sign 
up contact Debra Allen. 5~-3585 between 8 '30 am and 
~:30 pm. location: H/Ull003. 

I~.IO pili - Suppon Group tor Chicano/Hlspanlc-
/latino/ Mexican American Men and Women Students. 
Focus on graduation; learn from and help each olher in 
acquiring skills for coping with Issues of student hie such 
as_academics, money. relatlonshops. tamtly. IMng'ltuatrons 
and culture, etc. led by Dan Munoz. Sara Arraye and 
Undsay Calderon. call Dan at 534-1579 tor intormalion. 
Mountain View Lounge. 
1 ..... 10 pM - Recovering from Eating Orsordell 
Group III. This group, forstudents with a history Of serious 
concerns about eating. tocuses upon building the 
psychological skills necessary for full recovery ana en-
hancing ~rsonal potential. led by Bev"rly Harju ana Amy 
Burke. ~ counselor. Call Or. Harju tor a prehminary 
Interview. 5~-3987. Location: 302 we. 

4.~.00 P'" - ~blan/Bise.ual Support Group. This 
weekly grou~ IS tor undergraduate women interested in 
peer suppon. discussion ot personal concerns. relaUan-
SpipS and SOCIal issues. led by Kathy and laura. peer 
counselors. ~ Women', Resource Cenler. 
"'"'mill)' 
910.11.00 .... - AlcOhol and 'Substance Abuse Peer 
C ounsehng Do you have questrons or concerns r"9ilrding 
your use of alcohol or drugs? Are you worried about a 
family member or friend? Peer counselors ate avarlabie to 
discuss your questions and concerns during walk-in hours. 
No appointment is necessary For additional informallon. 
please call Sara A"aye or Debbie Allen at 534-3875. 
location· HSS 1056 . 

1.~lrOO pili - Black Women's SUpporl Group. For 
black women Ig<aduate or undergraduale) focusing on 
personal. interpersonal and ac.ademlt 11ISUe5 T,... Sign lin 
call Rochelle 8astierl al 5~-3035. l ocation: H/UL 1003. 
4.oo-s.1O pM - Rec~lng from EatIng Di5()(ders 
Group II. This group, for nudents WIth a history ot sellOUS 
concerns about eating. tocuses upon bUIlding Ihe 
psychological skills necessary for full recovery and en-
hancing ~rsonal potential. led by Beverly Ha~u and Amy 
Burke. ~ counselor Call Or. HarjU tor a pr~limlnary 
Interview. 53~-3987. location' 302 WC 

.. ....." 

910.1 hOO _ - Alcohol and Subslance Abuse Peer 
Counseltng. 00 you have questions or concerns regarding 
your use of alcohol or drugs? Are you worned about a 
tamlly member or frlend7 Peer counselors are avarlable to 
discuss your Questrons and concerns dUllng walk-In hours 
No appoIntment IS necessary. For additional informal""" 
please call Sara Arroyo or Debbie Allen at 5~-3875 
location' HSS 2056. 

nCftAl10N 
",."..., 

.. 00-1 Oroo P'" - Scottish Country Dance Class. Weekly 
clas>. E~ryone welcome. For more InformatIOn. call 452-
2735. West balcony. main gym. Free 

--. 

,,10 JNII - Earty bird on-caflllUS Interview orientations. 
Get a jU"1' on """t QUarter's on-campus Interviews by 
ilttending a mandatory orientation now. Career Services 
Center. Free. 

2 ... 1rOO .... - The OASIS GM I Grammar and Mechan-
ics) Wortcshop is designed for students whose first lan-
guage is not English and who would like to work on 
clarifying basic grammatical concepts and applying them 
in extensive. systematic series of practical ~ercises . An 

~xercise manual wilt be used. All work WIll be completed In 
the context of the wortcshop. Location: US8 4010. Free. 
............. - Math 2DA Revil!wSession at H5S 2321. 
Tutor conducting Ihf' revrew session Is Marcht Lieberman. 
Free. 
....... .,. 
'0.00-11,00 - OASIS Reading and Stucly Skills 
workshop lor "How to Pr~e for Social Science." USB 
40508. FrI!!!. 
" ... IZrOO .... - OASIS Reading and SWdy sIColls 
workshop on "How to s!Uc/y math and science." USB 
40508. Free 
,.JO pM - On Camera: Practicing Intet'Vl<Wing Skills . 
Sharpen your interviewing skills by seeing and hearing 
yourself on videotape. Rec_ ~k from other job 
sffletS in this group workshop. Prerequisite: Interviewing 
Skills workshop. Career Servic<5 Center. Free. 

",",mill)' 
,.00 P'" - The Marketabie Resume Workshop. l~arn 
how to contruct a state-of-the-art resume that WIll make 
you stand out from the utwd. Career ServIces Center. 

Fr~. 

""day 
I.JO P" - Finding the Hidden Job Mark~t Eighly 
percenl ot a ll job vacancies are u~nised. This work-
shop will teach you the most effective way 10 find them. 
Career Services Center. Free. 

II rOo-SrOO pM - Peer Counseling for Women Students. 
Need to talk to someone about personal issues? Want to 
communicate with a trained peer counselor who has 
experience similar 10 yours? Peer counselors supervised by 
Psychological and Counseling Services available for con-
fidenlial sessions. Drop-ins welcome. HSS 2056. 
I :00-2.10 pM - RED AnoreXIa Group A group tor 
indMduals experiencing difficulties due 10 anorexia. led 
by Bnan Johnson, 5~-025b. Call Brian tor Information 
and to sign up. locatIon: H/ Ul 1003. Free. 
Z.OG-4cOOJNII-AICOholandSubstanceAbuseGroup.1t 
you ~ ~r asked yours~lf. "00 I have a problem7" 
chances are you do have a few things to talk about. 
Students interested please call Dan Munoz at 534-157'1. 
Revelle Provost's Otrice. 
4.0.1.10 P'" - Campus 8lack Forum. A weekly. 
informal group on t"'" iSSUes. concerns and quailly of h~ ot 
the Black communlly al UCSO. For informalion. contact 
Rochelle Bastien. 5304-3035. or Phil RapIlaI!l. 53~-o252 . 
Mountain View lounge. 

YOURCAREQ 
FADE AWAY 

~tn wondatland I 

Pub is 
Clean 
Editor: 

In an article entitled "New 
Unive rsit y Center Means End 
for Triton Pub" [Revellations, 
Feb. 24], Evan Weisenfeld (Re-
velle junior and Chair of the 
University Center Committee) 
is quoted as saying that the 
"new pub" (i.e ., Round Table 
Pizza) ..... won·t be the same 
trashed-up place" as the current 
Pub. 

Is this remark supposed to 
refer to Friday night at 8:00 pm 
after the barrage or the Pub's 
daily appearance? I am assum-
ing that Friday night is what he 
has in mind since I don't believe 
"trashed-up" is an appropriate 
description of any other time. 

Given the academic pressure 
and high suicide rate at U CSD, 
isn't it nice that the students 
have a place to let loose once a 
week without worrying too 
much about their cups and nap-
kins falling on the Ooor? There 
are plenty of effete bars nearby 
if that is what one seeks. I 
believe that Mr. Weisenfeld 's 
remark is both inappropriate 
and uncalled for. 

Alice Anlell Green 
Pub Employee 

YAF Speaks 
Editor: 

During Congress' latest 
round of swilling at the public 
trough. that august body man-
aged to saddle the 1988 budget 
with a record amount of pork 
while continuing to blame the 
President for the mount ing 
deficit. However, the hypocrisy 
of this act seems minor com-
pared to one of the spending 
bill's most insidious stipula-
tions. 

Under this amendment , it's 
"business as usual" for Amer-
ican companies trading with 
some of the world 's most repug-
nant regimes : Communist 
China. the Eastern Blocand the 
Soviet Union. 

Liberals in Congress tout in-
creased trade with Marxists as 
a way of"encouraging"them to 
open up their economies and 
institute domestic reforms. But 
the cure they prescribe for apar-
theid is restricting U.S.-South 
African business . Why the 
absurd double standard? -

John Keenan 
V Ice-Chairman 

San DlelO Younl Americans 
lor Freedom 

Letters Quiz 
Some of you are not paying 

attention and will not do well 
on the quiz. 

We -appreciate your letters 
(mailed to the Guardian: 
Opinion Editor, UCSD Guar-
dian, B-016, La Jolla , CA 
92093. or brought into the 
Guardian office next door to 
the Che Cafh bl-lt many of you 
are sending us hand-written 
letters that are a tad on the 
difficult side to read . 

Letters should be typed and 
double-spaced if at all possible. 

Further. they musl contain 
the name and telephone number 
of the author; the name of the 
writer will be withheld from 
publication upon request. 

Letters are due Tuesday at 
noon for Thursday's paper and 
Friday at noon for Monday's 
edition . 

e $9.99 
Esca~.The. 

Domi Special! 
Escape to Round Table for the freshest. 
best-tasting pizza in the kingdom! We 

make it from fine natural cheeses. fresh 
garden vegetables and good lean meats ~ 

.aU baked on a fresh-rolled crust. Then toast your freedom 
with a cold frosty pitcher of your favorite beverage. 

It sure beats another night in the cafeteria! 

---------------------
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

S ANY lARGE 9 99 ONE-TOPPING PIZZA A ONE PITCHER • OF BEVERAGE 
(Plus laX. In stOff! only.J 
Only on~ coupon per order. pl~ase 
OFFER GOOD lliRU 3/9/88 ONLY AT 
3250 Gonmor Dr. 457-2334 

I I 
I ~ ~RoundTablePizza. : ~--------------------------

AWoman~ 
Choice ... 

• Free Preg'lImcy Testi1lg 
• Early Pregnancy Testing 
• Pregru:mcy Termination 

• General or Local Al/estbesia 
• Affordable Birtb Control 

• Diagnosis & Treatment of Sexually 
7rallsmilled Disec..ses (STDs) 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

Call tbe College line 
619· 535·1379 

for Strute,d DIsco",,' 

Monday. February 29. 1988 7 

OPINION 

CSD STUDENT CENTER 452 .. 0630 

CH"AtER It CLOSER! 
(Than Kinko's) 

Ca' Copy 

• S~lf servic~ copi~rs • Volum~ discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies whil~ you wait. Book Binding • Fr~~ Parking 

Cheaper Professor Publishing Mans 
s.nnp On Course MMcrIaIl 

HOURS: M-TH 8-7, FRI. 8-6, SAT. 10-5 

'11-99" 

HOT JAZZ with 
HOLLIS GENTRY's 

~~@~ 
t:::J THlNDM, MAR. 3 

TArTON PUB, 7:30-10 



Monday. February 29. 1988 

Inadequate support for black students? 
Continued from page 1 
study done by the California 
Post-secondary Education Com-
mission. only 4.5 percent of the 
1986 black high school graduates 
are eligible for the University of 
California. Not all of these stu-
dents will attend a UC campus. 
however. Some will attend out -
of- state universities. others will 
attend private black institutions. 
and still a large proportion will 
not attend a university at all. As 
a result. the eligiblity pool be-
comes much smaller than the 
original 4.5 percent. 

Because the actual number of 
black students that finally enter 
UCSD is extremely small . reten-
tion becomes even more impor-
tant. No one knows the exact 
reason for the black students' 
hasty departures. Exit interviews 
are given only to students who 
officially withdraw and most of 
those who leave don't withdraw 
officially. The general consensus. 
nonetheless, leans toward a socio-
psychological problem rather 

tance. "We admit those whom 
we think have the potential to 
ucceed here." Bowker said. 

According to an OASIS study, 
the use of SAT and high school 
G PA to predict success in college 
is questionable. Students with 
low scores appeared to be as 
likely to graduate as students 
with high scores. Moreover. of 
the black students who left 
UCSD. half were in good stand-
ing (had a cumulative GPA of 
2.0 or higher .) Some of these 
students transferred to other in-
stitutions because UCSD does 
not offer their field of study. 

Despite this fact. a feeling of 
insecurity about succeeding aca-
demically is definitely prevalent, 
especially at UCSD where high 
expectations of academic achieve-
ment is emphasized. Moreover 
racial stereotyping also plays a~ 
important role in explaining why 
tudents may leave. Just as Asian-

Americans are stereotyped as the 
ones who'l get the A's, black and 
Mexican- American students are 

Ken Reinstein / Guardian 
Dr. Phil Raphael of Psychological Services thinks that racial 
stereotyping contributes to isolation thai black students may feel at 
UCSD. 
than an academic one . Of those 
that claim otherwise. they raise 
the issue that 50 percent of black 
students are ad mitted into UC 
under the special admit (SA) sta-
tus. and as a result are not aca-
demically prepared. An SA tu-
dent, according to director of 
admissions Ronald Bowker. "is 
a student who is admitted in 
exce pt ion to the eligibility re-
qui rements. "The normal require-
ments inc lude having graduated 
in the top 12V2 percent of one's 
high chool class. meaning hav-
ing a GPA with corresponding 
SA T and ACT test scores (i .e. 
3.0 G P A has to have at least 1090 
SA T score.) M oreover, the stu-
dents must also meet the a-f 
course requirements (English. 
history. math. foreign language. 
elective.) Having missed just one 
of the requi rements (i.e. not hav-
ing taken a third year of math 
but meeting all ('.tp·.r require-
ments) places the student under 
this category of special admit-

expected to fail or barely pass 
their courses. explai ned Dr. Phil 
Raphael of Psychological Servi-
ces . "A lot [of blacks] don't get 
the positive feedback that en-
courages them," Raphael said. 

Racial stereotyping. however. 
does not stop in the academic 
realm. but takes a larger dimen-
sio n in the student's social world . 
As the black student enters the 
university and lives in a dormi-
to ry. he is confronted with im-
plicit prejudices. Accord ing to 
senior Nadir Haqq, whe n one 
has a white roommate who has 
never really known a black per· 
son , behavior toward the black 
roommate stem s from a sense of 
puzzlement. Comments such as 
"I didn 't know you have to comb 
yo ur hair." or actions such as 
touching Haqq's skin ma y add to 
a black student's feelings of alien-
ation. 

Economics major Karen Mapp 
said, "There is hardly anyone 
else with your color or back-

ground . [Moreover] there aren't 
many acti ities [for black stu-
dents.] Dances are white- orient-
ed and so are the sororities and 
fraternities." According to Nick 
Aguilar, director of Special Ser-
vices. "the U niversity's anti -
discriminatory policy prohibits 
recognition . acknowledgement 
and encouragement to student 
organizations based on race. 
national origin. ethnicity and sex-
ual preference. It's inappropriate 
for the campus to promote a 
black sorority or fraternity ." 

Mapp, however. is not the 
only one having these sentiments. 
Dr. Willie Brown. biology pro-
fessor and head of a special task 
force comprised of black staff 
and faculty. said "This\:ampus is 
concerned with the mainstream 
tudent body - the typical Cau-

casian. middle- class American." 
According to Raphael. when 

some blacks enter college, they 
may undergo an identity crisis. 
For some. going to UCSD i 
their first environment that is so 
"white." while for others. it is the 
first time they are in contact with 
more black st udents than they 
are used to. "Ei ther way. they are 
overwhelmed." Raphael said . 
Black students search for a social 
life but are confronted with a 
campus that does not have 
enough non- academic resour-
ces. Even the community is pre-
dominantly white - La Jolla , 
Pacific Beach. Del Mar. "They 
go home on the weekends [the 
majority live in Los Angeles] and 
party with their friends . They 
can't and don 't identify with this 
campus a nd so drop out , " 
Raphael said . 

Corona of OASIS agrees. 
"Everybody needs a home base 
where they can feel cared about 
and we would like to be that 
base. We try our best to keep in 
contact with [black] student af-
firmative students (SAA) through 
phone calls by peer counselors 
and through the mail." she said. 
Despite OASIS, however. the 
students still feel there is not a 
strong network for black stu-
de nts to feel comfortable at 
UCSD. " We need a social realm 
that would relate to the black 
social ex per ience." said senior 
Lisa Steadmon. OASIS is not 
necessa rily considered a social 
resource. I?ut an academic one. 
And even then , OASIS is viewed 
negatively. Attitudes like. "if you 
need OASIS, then you're not a 
good student" pervade. Counte-
racting this perception , Corona 
said . " We see students across the 
spectrum, from those who are in 
probation to those who are Phi 
Beta Kappa ." 

Many black student s are ada-
mant that the issue is one of a 
sociological nature. "The support 
syste m is weak . and to support 
o ur own. we 've got to stay." 
Steadmon said. "We've begun 
here at UCSD, but our problem 
is that we have such a high tur-
nover rate that a support-system 
never develops , and this con-
tinues to revolve. and therefore 
we get nowhere." 

Part of the problem lies in the 
self image black st ud en ts have. 
According to S AA C intern 
Vaugn Rex there's a general feel -
ing on ca mpus that "bei ng black 
is negative, not positive." Senior 
Carlota Ponds agreed and said 
that out of the 402 black students 
on campu~, "200 are blach who 

deny that they're blacks. 150 are 
trying to graduate and feel that 
the problem will die . 25 blacks 
just sit back and complain. and 
25 others do the work for the 
400." She continued that some 
black students have assimilated 
into "whiteness" and have for-
gotten their heritage. Rex added . 
"We shouldn't wait until Black 
History Month to be black . The 
more comfortable we feel about 
being black, the happier we'l 
be ." 

Black staff and faculty mem-
bers agree and have joined toge-
ther to establish several groups 
to help black students cope with 
the challenges of college life. 
Organizations such as Campus 
Black Forum. Black Women 
Support Group. Royal Brother-
hood of Excellence and the Afro-
American Student Union serve 
this purpose. 

Currently. a task force com-
prised of black staff and faculty 
members are developing a men-
torship program whereby a staff 

faculty is assigned to two or 
three students. It is a buddy-
system helping students interact 
more effectively with professors 
and teacher assistants. "They 
[black students] do not lack abil-
ity. but strategy [in succeeding in 
the university.] We [faculty / staff] 
can intervene, Brown said. There 
are times when students need to 
talk to sympathetic ears - to 
somebody they can relate to." 

Having gone to an all black 
university (Virginia State). Brown 
has seen a successful retention 
rate of a college campus . "Many 
of these students [referring to his 
alma mater] do not look good on 
paper, but succeed because of 
the support system, Students iden-
tify with success." 

The mentorship program has 
one set- back. though. Accord-
ing to the Academic Affirmative 
Action. out of 1.737 UCSD 
faculty members, 28 are black. 
Of these. not all will participate 
in the outreach program. More-

See BLACK, page 10 

Celebrating black history: month 

Bradley puts black history 
on the academic map 

By MICHELE BRICE 
Guardillninlern 

Bradley differentiated between 
"pure" history and "practical" 
history. Pure history. he said, is 
strictly cause and effect, while 
practical history takes into ac-
count that not all events are 
equal and that "the importance 
of an event depends on the 
causality that comes from it." 

We must be practical histor-

nores the fact that without slaves 
this expansion would not have 
occurred because there would 
not have been enough manpower 
to work in the fields that were 
already available, let alone start 
cultivating new land . Slaves. said 
Bradley. played a crucial role in 
shaping the American economy. 

Bradley said that the segre-

I f records are the basis of history and we all look at the same records how can there 
be two separate histories?" This 
was .the question addressed by 
DaVid H. Bradley. Jr. in his 
lecture. "The Non-Existence of 
Black History." last Monday at 
UCSD. The lecture is one of 
many events that took place this 
February to acknowledge Black 
History Month. 

Bradley. a nationally-ac-
claimed novelist who won the 
prestigious PEN-Faulkner award 
in 1981 for his novel "The Chay-
neysville Incident" and a visiting 
associate professor in the depart-
ment of literature this quarter. 
contends that history is based on 
interaction and therefore cannot 
be isolated into separate cate-
gories. such as "black history." 
There cannot be two co-existing 
histories. "The history of black 
Americans is documented but 
not a part of the national con-
sciousness . and when a book of 
American history is written. the 
documentation is left out. We 
put it somewhere else." said 
Bradley. 

"The history of black Americans is docu-
mented but not a part of the national con-
sciousness, and when a book of American 
history is written, the documentation is left 
out." 

$ 

ians. he said. because "We can't 
insert a whole new set of facts 
without reevaluating everything 
that happens afterward ." This is 
important. because American 
history as it is taught today 
ignores the important role that 
blacks played in shaping the 
future of this country. 

Bradley cited the westward 
expansion of the United States 
in the 1800's as an example . He 
said that American history ig-

ATTENTION $ 
How To Get 

I FREE MONEl', 

-David H. Bradley, Jr. 

galion of history has its roots in 
the record-keeping of the pre-
Civil War Era. "Twenty percent 
of the [slave] population were 
denied the means of and access 
to any form of record-keeping." 
and the only records concerni ng 
blacks regard the buyi ng and 
selling of slaves. The records 
contain information important 
to whites; information important 
t? blacks such as birth~ , mar-
nages , and deaths were Ignored 

$ $ 
'. 

11Irough Corporate Grants 
'Iluollgh our research, \\'e have discovercd that thcrc arc Iitcrully 

millions of dollars a\'Uilab\c to tJ1C gcncru) public (ic . stlldcnt...... . 
houscwivcs. profeSSionals. proflt and non-profit organizations, Just 
about anyonc) through tAt.,JOrate Gran'-. Thesc grunts are not 
loan8. but Free No-Pay-Raek Money Graats% To reecivc our 
complete "How To" informution on \\'here to flnd and how to applY 
lor and obtain these Monc\' Grunts for yourself or for YOUr . 
org<lI1i;r.ution or group, please send ~2 .60 cash or money order (for 
postage und handling cost....,. No checks please.) payable to: 

Corporate Grants 
8515 Production Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92121 

Please ~ l!illre to includc a I!IeIl-add __ d cll\'e1ope witJ. your 
request (l'\o postugc lIeccessury) to in,sllre proper retunl addreSSing. 

because it did not affect the lives 
of the white slave owners. 

According to Bradley. black 
history became very popular in 
the sixties because of the large 
numbers of black writers and 
black historians joining the facul-
ties of universi ties. This. he said . 
was a threat to the established 
curriculum. 

The result was the establislr-
ment of black . or Afro-Ameri-
can. studies departments at many 
universities. These departments. 
Bradley said, enabled universi ties 
to keep subjects such as black 
history or Afro-American litera-
ture out of the mainstream curri-
culum. The Histor.y of the Civil 
War is a required course. said 
Bradley. while Black History is 
an elective. 

Several members of the audi-
ence questioned Bradley as to 
the role he thought black studies 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Nerd nol be npensive 
SPecial Col/ege 

Student Program 
Call for your FREE 

quote today! 

560-9055 
Oak Leaf 
Insurance 

Agency 
.. \ .. 0 
Kurn~ \ ilia luad 

'/10 

I 

Monday, February 29, 1988 9' 

FEATURES 
should play in academia. His 
response was that while some 
things have a home in the depart-
ment of black history, they also 
have a home in other depart-
ments. such as history. 

Bradley said that the best way 
to implement curriculum changes 
would be to begin in universities 
with well-es tablished Afro -
American studies departments. 
These departments should have 
sufficient expertise to start ex-
ploring the mainstream curri-
cu lum and re-examining it. 

Bradley. an associate profes~or 
at Temple Universitv, will remain 
at UCSD for the res I of the 
quarter. He)s currently at work 
on a book on race in America 
- "The Bondage Hypothesis" -
which will examine the role that 
large. free labor pool (slaves) 
played in the shaping of the Uni-
ted States. [Q] 

A Sante 
Holistic Jllassage 
and Spa Sflrvtces 

• Rela.xation Massage 
• Stress-Stoppers 
• Deep Tissue Therapy 
• Lymphatic Massage 
• Herbal facial Treatments 
• Body Contouring Wraps 

6y Appointment 456-3882 
Only 454-7570 

75.35 Girard. IB Jolla 

IS PAIN HURTING YOUR WORKOUT! 

DR. KEITH JEFFERS, D.C. 
THE RUNNINB DOCTOR 

" .. .Dr. lell~rs· knowledge a/the runner proVides me the 
c/Jlfopr aCllc tune-up that enhal1cP my athletic career ... .. 
/n uranceaccepled. THOM HUNT 
Specia#z/ng In Persona/ln/ury 1-HoIo<yy Bo,,1 """.,hun <.h.rrp 

7770 REGENTS RD. 452-7770 

~ ROBERT'S & "' ~\ ... Joli. VlII_ge Squ_re 
.. \ Q9 4t ~ 5MB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 
• Major Services • Fuel Injection 
• Tune·ups • Electrical 
• Brakes • Extended Warranties 
• Transmission • Engine Rebuilding 

Monday·Friday 8 am· 5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am - 5 pm 

(619) 275·1132 

" I8ndaI IIIIGIIIII oa 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1·5 to Balboa Exit) 
San Diego, CA 92109 

.. It I ,,,, ,Old {.lIIm"" mJ I\'HdlJlI 1."l1rr"lIIt, {" 11/1' I/h/,ml. r, * 

--------------------------- ---------10% OFF 
On All Repairs* 

-"':xnpl \lulur & r'ml""'HIU~' (h ..,-Iwu/J 

With This Coupon 
\ .,1 'lIbd Mllh (lin m"" ~·UP.OIl 

. ~J. Dent.1 Group OHers You I 
~~ ~& . Cosmet'c Bonding • Visa or Mastercard 
.., • Evening Appts • Instant Insurance 

• Stereo Headphones Evaluation 
• Nitrous OXide • Student D,scounts 

• 24 Hour Emergency Service 
• • Oral Surge". for wisdom teech extraction 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
_XAM & CLEANING 

ONLY 
Includes: Cleaning & Polishing. X·Rays. Oral Canc~ Exam and PriviMe Consultation. EJ<pores 3/29/88 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UC'SD 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thomas K. Duncan DD.S 
Member: ADA. CDA, SDCDS. Delta Dental 

8861 VIII. La Joli. Dr., Suite 501 
(behind Klnko's l 455-9151 



\ 

Black students 
Continued from page 8 
over, as the decade progres e , 
t he number of black faculty in 
the UC sys tem decreases. The 
c urrent facult y will oon be retir-
ing, and because such a small 
number of black student s gradu-
ate , with even less goi ng on to 
graduate school. there won 't be 

ma ny to replace them . Thi i 
especially important because. ac-
cording to the Master Plan of the 
UC system, "the University will 
need to hire 6,000 new faculty 
between now and the year 2010. 
Half of the e will result from 
retirement, and the rest will be 
c reated to accommodeate in-

EARL WARREN COI.I·EGE 
Announces 

The First Annual 

WARREN 
DEBATE 

April 7 I 1988 

Students interested in 
auditioning contact the 
Warren Dean's Office at 

534-4731 by March 5. 

creased enr o llment demand . 
After 201 0, t here will be a hiring-
lag until the new faculty begin 
hitting re tirement age. If this 
chance is lost , it wi ll be 50 yea rs 
before major c hanges can ta ke 
place ... 

Retention is a problem that 
the administ ration recognizes . 

ome suggest t hat o ne ans wer to 
t his problem is the esta bl i hment 
by the Studen t Affirmat ive 
Action Committee (S AAC) of a 

UCSD 
SPECIAL 
100 COPIES 
$2.95 

8'hz II white 20# bond 
One orlglNli - one ¥tIlt 

E~plres 3/7/ 88 
Only one coupon per illS It 

La Jalla Village Square 

457-3775 

direct pipel ine to the vice- chan-
cellor. T he SAA C representat ives 
a re comprised o f stud ent s who 
mo nitor the processes I proce-
dures o n campus that have be-
come unnecessa ry obstacles to 
the progress o f indi vidua l stu-
dents, o r class o f stud ents . T hese 
in turn are reported to the vice-
chancellor. UCS D is the o nly 
UC that has SAAC. 

Aguilar said t hat "everybod y 
on ca mpus has a responsi bility 

to provide stud ents with up-
port. " These include fi na ncia l 
aid , O AS IS, individual academic 
depa rtments, teacher assistants, 
etc. " 1 don't mean to excuse: the 
high nu mber [of students leav-
ing,] but the Unive rsit y makes 
attem pts to assure that the stu-
dent are as successful as ca n 
be. " 

OA S IS coo rdinator Corona 
agreed . "The ca mpus sta nd s 

See BLACK, page 11 

Word Processing OpemtOl 
(Summer Position) 

Working closely with academic scientists and 
other office staff at our LaJolla, CA field site, you 
will be responsible for entering draft reports and 
correspondence into word processin~ systems . 
Specific tasks include keying-in handwrrtten draft 
material, proofing drafts, inserting transfers and 
figures, maintaining all required logs and track-
ing sheets for various materials, and distributing 
review copies. To qualify, you must have a high 
school diploma or equivalent education, a typing 
proficiency certificate, plus typing skills of 55- 70 
wpm . 1- 2 years of secretarial and wardprocess-
ing experience is highly desirable. 

To arrange a perlonal appointment, please 
contact Mary Ann Davil by calling collect at 
(703) 883-7056. W. are an equal 
opportunity/affirmative action employer. 

MITRE 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
* )} ~ II:& II:& THE A.S. WANTS YOU · .. II:& II:& : 

~ HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO GET INVOLVED AND HAVE A VOICE ON CAMPUS. ~ 
* RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 1988 A.S. ELECTIONS: * 
* )} ~ FILING BEGINS MARCH 7th at 8:00 AM ~ 
* LAST DAY TO FILE: APRIL 4TH, 4:00 PM * )} )} 
~ NO FILING DURING FINALS OR BREAK WEEK!!! ~ 
* )} ~ WHERE: IN THE A.S. OFFICE WITH PATTY, UPSTAIRS IN STUDENT CENTER "Alt. ~ 
* VOTING DAYS: APRIL 12th and APRIL 13th )} 
* )} ~ THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS WILL BE AVAILABLE: ~ 
1} A.S. President )} 
1} Vice President Administrative )} 
* Vice President Finance )} 
)} Vice President External Affairs )} ~ Commissioner of Academic Affairs ~ 
* Commissioner of Communications )} 
)} Commissioner of Programming )} 
)} Commissioner of Public Relations )} 
* Commissioner of Operations, Services & Enterpri~es )} 
)} Commissioner of University Center Board )} 
)} Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators from each College )} )} * )} FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT PATIY IN THE A.S. OFFICE AT EXT. 44450. OR * 
~ COME UP TO THE A.S. OFFICE, UPSTAIRS IN STUDENT CENTER A, ABOVE EDNA. : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Black 
students 
Continued from pIKe J 0 
ready, but we're lett t o guess as 
to what they [the students] want. 
I wa nt t hem to tell me. T hey ha ve 
a lo t more power tha n they 
think ." 

However, according to Dr. 

ftVi:'I:, of L "( 11\j~ti~l:::~ ;f, 7-.7/ ~ ~} !l 
TQ ·it~~b\~O)77·· :J- ' l- 0 88{fHO) 

~alfM f.l1 ~ i~'H& L 'r. J F~ ~M i q I 0 
Ra phael. the administrat ion often 
assumes that if the stude nt s are 
given information a bout servi-
ces, they will use them and that if 
they don't use them, then it's the 
students' problem. " We need a 
cont inued emphasis on a n o ngo-
ing suport system, as, as a sta rt , 
it should be required that all stu-
dents attend a presentation of 
this nature [ in order] to become 
aware of the subtleness of racism 
affecting both white and black . 
They need to be sensitive to the 
readily accepted racial attitude. " 

I; ;R.v)(j. . ll~ 't.r (/ ) II K: , 1 ~ J,li ,( (1 I) 7 I~ - H ' . S . . \ , i ~ 
• RECRUIT U.S.A., INC. (800) 325-9759 

ClTICORP PLAZA, 725 S. FIGUEROA ST ., SUITE 3100 
LOS ANGELES, CA 9001 7 . PHONE: (213) 955·4900 

Awareness seems to be the 
key. SAAC intern Mary Morales 
suggests that racial acts be doc-
umented. "We see them happen 
but we just sit back . What does it 
do?" she asked . Morales believes 
that as long as apathy exists, 
changes will not happen. A nd if 
these changes don't happen , ac-
cording to Brown, "our ability to 
survive and succeed is at stake. 
Somehow, someway, we must 
overcome the barrier." lID 

BELIEVE 
YOUR 
EYES 

You've heard it before: leading edge tech-
nology, team involvement and growth 
opponunities. Fine talk, but so many 
companies claim to be special. We at 
Acuson \\QuId like the opponunity to 
show you the difference at our On-
Campus Presentat ion/Demonstration. 
The visible difference begins with our 
technology: real-time medical imaging 
systems that enable physicians to "see" 
inside the human body with greater preci-
sion and resolution than ever before. It's 
why we're known as the industry's "Gold 
Standard :' a reputat ion we're expanding 
through ambitious R&D and accelerated 
paths from idea to implementation. Dy-
namic, young and successful, Acuson is 
achievement and excitement you \\Qn't 
see elsewhere. 
But don't take our word for it . If you're a BS, 
MS or PhD graduate in one of the fo llowing 
areas, come see and believe for yourself. 

Business Administration 
Industrial Engineers 
MBAs 
fu r positions in Purchasing, Production 
Control and Service Logistics. 

ON,CAMPUS 
PresentationlDemonstration: 
Wednesday, March 9-7,9 p.m. 
Aztec Center, Building 0 & E 
Interviews: 
Thursday, March 10 

Please contact your Placement Center for 
details or to schedule an interv iew. 
Acuson, 1220 Charleston Road, P.O. Box 
7393, Mt . View, CA 94039. Contact: 
Tina Smith , E/R. We are an equal oppor-
tunity employer. 

C1cuson 
COMPUTED SONOGRAPHV 

YOU M AKE THE VISI B LE OIFFERENCE 

Monday, Feb,ua,y 29, 1988 11 

FEATURES 
••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • : 250(. OFF ~~~~I~rlarge : 
• Ie, frozen yogurt ~ 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• . 
~ La 10110 l,I ,t aqt: O· 

~ U'C 
. ~~~~~ . 

: 
• TopPIngs not Included • 

One coupon to a 
\ Nob .. IO· ~-• customer Expires 3/6/88. • 

La \ 10110 lo Joll a .: II,UI,lW- (olnn r • Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. • 
Ylo PlolO 

• 
• 11-11 Fri. & Sot. • 
• 12-10:30 Sunday • A, bo 0, ___ t 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

r--~TRiM. TAN® 
LOSE INCHES 

UP TO 26" 
IN ONE SESSION 
EUROPEAN BODY WRAP 

30 
TAN DAYS 

$49 ( reg. S98) $39 
Dr. L Cooper, PH. D., Director 

ElopIres 3/7/88 Va lId with ad and new customers only. 

c::J 455-0909 ~ 
Villa La Jolla a t La Jolla Village Dr. 

3251 Holiday Ct. Ste, 204 
Near UCSD - above St. Germain's 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

call 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784I Balboa Ave. Ste. 2I5 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

•••••••••••••• 

~5OJo OFF! : 
• • precision cuts • 

• e perms • 
• e hi lighting • 
• e nails • 
• FREE CONSULTATIONS! • 

: ESSENCE HAIR DESIG1V: 
• 3251 HOLIDAY CT. #201 • 
: (located above St . Germain s): 
• "We Care About Your Hair" 452·5620. , ................... ~ 

FIFTH COLLE GE U.C.S.D. 

O n April 5r Fifth College will conduct I!I room lottery for 397 SPoKes in Its new Pepper Cl!lnyan apartment complex. Students from all colleges are 
eligible with priority given to persons who will be Juniors 
and Seniors next }'eM. 

For more information, stop by the Fifth College Provost's 
Otrlce: 53+2247. Were located southwest af the Canyon-
view recreatIon Building. 



12 Mondoy. Februory 29. 1988 

Women's b-ball 
loses finale 

Finishes season at 11-14 
By MICHAEL U'REN 
Sioff WriJu 

On Friday night the UCSD 
women' ba ketball team ended 
their season with a 71-55 loss to 
NAIA powerhouse Point Loma 
University. As Head Coach Judy 
Malone put it , " We played quite 
horribly." 

High scoring senior Chris 
McCallum, who has scored 20 or 
more points in the Tritons' last 
three games, was held to just 
eight points. Coach Malone felt 
that "McCallum seemed to be 
nervous from the start because it 
was her last game and she wanted 
to play well." McCallum finished 
the night I for 10 from the field 
but she did manage to grab a 
game-high seven rebounds 
again t a very big Point Loma 
team. 

Tracy RagaLz and Nadirah 
Scott held team-high scoring 
honors for the game by scoring 
14 points each. 

playoffs . They have a lot of big 
girls on their team and their size 
was just too much for us. I think 
they must have blocked at least 
10 shots . They even blocked three 
on one trip down the cou rt , 
added Malone." 

The Tritons finished their sea-
son with an J 1-14 record. Coach 
Malone said, "I am a bit disap-
pointed about the season and 
our overall record. I felt we were 
better than our record , but when 
our leading scorer got injured in 
the seventh game of the season, it 
really hurt us . I am glad that we 
were able to fight back and 
improve from 4-10 and nearly 
finish with a .500 record." 

V-ball 
beats 
CSUSB 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Stqf/ Writer 

The UCSD volleyball team 
defeated California State Uni-
versity San Bernardino Friday 
night in three straight games. 
After some sloppy play in the 
first two games, the Tritons came 
on strong in the finale to defeat 
their weaker opponent, 15-8, 
15-5. 

Despite their tendencies to· 
ward careless play, the Tritons 
showed from the outset that they 
would dominate the match . Led 
by Ken Blackman with 21 kills, 
Paul Miller with 15 and John 
Lee with 45 assists, the team did 

just that. They controlled the 
match from the opening serve to 
the final spike. 

"Point Lorna is a good team," 
explained Malone. "They're 18-
I 0 overall and are headed to the 

The Tritons will only lose one 
sLarter from this year's team, 
Chris McCallum, and should be 
strong contenders for a spot in 
the playoffs next year. " We will 
be returning four starters next 
season. We have good outside 
shooters and if we can bulk up 
our inside game we should be 
pretty good next year," Coach 
Malone said . !ill Triton high-scorer Chris McCallum (#23) played her last college game against Point Loma University. UCSD lost 71-55. 

"San Bernardino was a game 
where we did what we had to 
do," said UCSD Coach Digger 
Graybill. "We had to maintain a 
consistent level of play against a 
weaker team. We played a little 
sloppy at first but finished strong. 
It is nice to finish with de,ermi-
nation. This game is a good 
stepping-stone for Friday's match 
with San Diego State," he added . Weekly Sports 

3/ I M. baseball vs. La Verne 
W. softball vs . USD (DH) 

3/ 2 M. baseball vs. Christ 
College ofIrvine 

W. softball vs. 
UC Riverside 

3/ 3-4 M. tennis @ Pacific Coast 
Doubles Tourna.ment 

3{4 W. tennis vs. 
CS U San Bernardino 

M. volleyball vs. SDSU 

3/S M. basebaU YS. 
Temple University 

Location Time 

UCSD 2:30 pIT. 
UCSD 2pm 

UCSD 2:30 pm 

UCS D 2pm 

TBA TBA 

CSUSB 2:30 pm 

UCSD 7:30 pm 

UCSD noon 

Not Just for Those 
OVfR 21 

Date 

3/ 5 

3/ 5-6 

3/ 6 

The Triton Pub wants to remind those students which are under 21 

TRITON PUB 
-----BRAND NEW-SALAD BAR 

Calendar Friday's meeting with San Diego State at the Triton gym 
will be a rematch of the two 
teams . In the first match at 
SDSU two weeks ago, the Trit-
ons played the Aztecs tough but 
lost in four games, 15-13, 17-19, 
16-14 and 15-5. 

Team LecatIoD Time 

M. & W. crew vs. USC USC 7am 
M. tennis vs. 

M. volleyball vs. 
CSU Northridge 

M. rugby vs. USC (OH) 

M. lacrosse vs. 
Occidental College 

M. fencing - Western 
Regionals 

M. & W. crew VI. Cal Poly 
San Luis Obispo 

UCSD 

CSUN 

UCSD 

UCSD 

TBA 

UCSD 

1:30 pm 

7:30 pm 

II am 

lOam 

TBA 

7 •• 

The game against San Ber-
nardino reflected the way their 
season has gone so far. The team 
has played fairly well all year. 
They've had more ups than 
downs, defeating CSU North-
ridge, and playing strongly 
against Hawaii , Loyola Mary-
mount and San Diego State -
all Division I schools. 

"We've played the top teams 
close," said Graybill , "This team 
has a chance to be the best ever at 
UCSD. Playing as a Division III 
school versus Division I teams is 
challenging but the rewards are 
great for being successful against 
them. We can be competitive 

See V-BAI .L, pace 12 

The home of the 
39¢ hall1burger. 

~ ro 
.. 

M~VOlrI1Id!m &/1011 . 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I.L.~~~-----------________ _ 

---ALL AMERicAN-MEAL--- ~ 
Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry, 

CaaI'I value: II Medium-Size Soft Drink 1/ 20 011 cent II 
II II 
II Limit one coupon per 'J $1 99 II II customer. per viSit Please "':'~j"~ US t II 

present coupon when (I t ) II ordering Not valid with P UI ax II 
II ony other offer Only at: II 

t§l 7140 Mlrama~Rd' San DIego ~ =h'~~19" ~ 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiii ... , ___ iiiiiiiiiiiiiii._ 

Monday. February 29. /988 13 

SPORTS 

Baseball tops Christ College, 13-7; B.l. 'sf Guardian Sports Trivia Quiz 
splits with CSU San Bernardino 7-1, 4-12 This week's questions 
By JONATHAN SCHRETER 
Sports Edllor 

On Thursday, Feb. 25, the 
UCSD men's baseball team con-
tinued their powerful season with 
a 13-7 win over Christ College of 
Irvine at UCSD. 

Triton starter Rick Nowak (3-
0) had trouble with his control in 
the beginning of the game, giving 
up all seven earned runs and six 
hits during the first three innings. 
When the dust finally settled, 
however, Nowak had finished 
with 10 strikeouts and a no-
hitter through the last six innings. 

Christ College began their 
attack with three runs in the first 
inning, including a two-run 
homerun by Armstrong. But 
seven runs just would not be 

EARN 
EXTRASS 
Earn S88 every month. 
Donate plasma. Study 
while you help others. 

New Houn For Your 
COmMnlence: OFen 

UntIl 6 PM Mon.-Thun. 
For information call 

226-1733. 
EDentl.1 Biologics 

3340 Kemper St. #101 
San Diego, CA 92110 

enough as the Tritons got their 
bats. and their feet, to work. 

Besides racking up 16 hits for 
13 runs, including a five-run 
eighth inning, the Tritons suc-
cessfully stole II bases, a new 
school record. Brian Crawford 
had four of the steals in as many 
attempts . 

Other key players in the Triton 
win were Henry Jimenez, who 
went three-for-six at the plate, 
with two RBis. Chris Murphy 
had a two-for-five outing, inc-
luding a two-run double in the 
bottom of the sixth that drove in 
the eventual winning run for the 
Tritons. 

The Tritons also played Cal 
State San Bernardino in a non-
conference doublehead~r Satur-

OBSESSED 
WITH FOOD? 

Programs now 
available for: 

• Bulimia 
• Weight control 
• Compulsive eating 

La Jolla Center for 
Mood • Appetite 

Dlsorden 
546 ..... 15 

day, Feb. 27 at San Bernardino. 
Kyle Abbott struck out six to 

pitch UCSD (7-2) to a 7-1 vic-
tory in the first game. Gary Fes-
sia had a solo homerun and was 
2 for 4 with 2 RBis, providing 
the Tritons' main offense in the 
first game. 

San Bernardino won the 
second game 12-4 with help from 
solo homeruns from John 
Cooper and Chris Murphy. Eric 
Larson (4·0) earned the win for 
CSUSB while Triton Mike 
Morgan (I-I) took the loss. 

Next weekend, the Tritons face 
Temple University at home in 
what could prove to be their 
most difficult game all year. The 
game will begin at noon on Olsen 
Field. [Q) 

LECTURE 
Human Fallibility: 
Nuclear Weapons 

& National Security 
at the 
UCSD 

School of Medicine 
Liebow Auditorium 

Basic Science Bldg •• 
-2100 

Tue.day. March 1 
12:00 Noon 

FREE and open to the 
public. For information, 

call 534-4613 

I. Who coached the Minnea-
polis Lakers to five national 
championships? 

2. Who is the driver of the 
USA four-man bobsled team 
in the 1988 Olympics? 

3. How many players did 
Harvard University send to 
the Olympics on the hockey 
team? 
4. As of Feb. 26, 1988, who 

was the only double-medalist 
for the United States in the 
1988 Olympics? 

5. On what day does the 
major league baseball season 
open this year? 

6. Only two countries have 
participated in every winter 
and summer Olympic contest. 
Name them. 
7. What state is Olympic gold 
medalist Brian Boitano from? 

8. Who holds the weight-
lifting world record in the 
middleweight class at 382.5 
kilograms? 
9. What year saw the begin-

ning of baseball's arbitration 
process? _ 
10. What number does Red-
skin quarterback Doug Willi-
ams wear? 

Last Week's Winner 
Seott Goodman 
Eeonomies 
Mission Viejo, CA 

..ft;L 
EXPAND YOUR CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

learning Chinese or one of 9 other languages in 
the Monterey Institute of International Studies' 

Summer Intensive Language Program June 14-
August 10. Earn up to 12 semester units 

in beginning or intermediate language studies. 
Financial aid is available_ To apply, write: 

MIl5/55 425 Van Buren, Monterey, CA 93940 
or call: (408) 6474123. 

No Task Is Too Tough. 
Lowest prices ever on 

Havlett-Packarrl 
Calculators! 

An HP scientific calculator 
can help you perform way 
above standard. And now 
the price is lower than ever. 
HP-15C 
$61.25 F4.,. HEWLETT 

a:r~ PACKARD 

New from 
Hewlett-
Packard 

An HP-12C Financial 
Calculator can help you 
perform way above 
standard. And now the 
price is lower than ever. 

HP-12C 
$61.25 

The HP-17B Business Calculator 
The HP-27S for Science and Business 

at the U •• VERSITY B ••• STIIRE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534-4291 

.. 



14 Monday. February 29, 1988 

SPORTS 

NORTH COUNTY 
....... ~/ndoo'/outdoor 

SOCCER PARK 
FLOOR HOCKE 
• PLAY FLOOR 

HOCKEYON lEAGUE 
THE PERFECT 
RINK 

• SO/ X 85/ 
ARENA 

• ESTABLISHED LEAGUE 
• 3v3+ GOALIE 
• START5.3/13/88 
• $160.00 PER SEASON 

14530 ESPOlA RD. 
POWAY, CA 92064 

748-4260 Call for Appoinrment 

"Mom says tlr 
house ~ isnt the 
same without me, 
even though its 
a lot cleaner." 

* MENS CUTS 

'4 OFF 
Reg. $19.00 

• WOMENS CUTS 

'5 OFF 
Reg. $24.00 

• Prtce IncJUde': 
hie cut. shampOOd ' gr~~nditioning an 

professional 

8843 La Jolla Vii/age Drive 
(Next to Ralphs) 

457·3334 

Just because your Mom 
is far away, doesn't mean 
you can't be close. You can 
still share the love and 
laughter on AT&T Long 
Distance Service. 

It co ts less than you 
lhink to hearthat he likes 
the peace and quiet, but 
she mis es you. So go 
ahead, give your Mom a 
cal l. You can clean your 
room laler. Reach out and 
touch someone. 

• aT 
The right choice. 

EXPIRES 
3/22/88 

V-ball 
Continued from page 12 
with and even beal Division 
tea ms as we showed against CS U 
Northridge. " 

The Tritons (5-11 , ranked No. 
17 in the nation) have been play-
ing some very gc I)d volleyball 
against Division I opponents. 
Their victory over CSU San 
Bernardino showed they can put 
in a consistent effort day in and 
day out. Now, they are looking 
forward to a good effort against 
San Diego State. 

"If we play our best volleyball 
we can beat SDSU," Graybill 
stated. "We have the poten-
tial.. . . (QJ 

Coming 
Thunday 

In Sports: 
~~II'I 

back on the 
ballot 

]) 
1} 
1} 
]} 
]} 
]} 

]} 
1} 
]} 
1} 
]} 
]} 
]} 

a look at this year's 1} 
sports r~endum 1} 

WHY HAVE ACNE? 
Let's F.ce It 

N.mr.1 Skin Ther.py 
Ism) 
offers 

A Permanent Solution for: 
• Oily or irritated skin 
• Clogged pores 
• facial ftaws 
• 61ackheads 
• Acne 

Contact us lit 94.9513 
for • free consutt.tfon 

~acco~ · 
HAIR DESIGNS 

ClAIIIEMONT SQUARE 
( Nt:X1 TO VONS) 276-3600 

MIIAMUA 
(N~XT TO PflZA HUT) 566-6100 
UNIVEllSITY TOWNE CENTIIf 

(ACflOSS FIlOM MANN THIATfll) 
oI6!>-Q.l20 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
AWl. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILAIlE 

A.S. News 
THE A.S. WANTS YOU!!! 

HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO GET INVOLVED AND 
HA VE A VOICE ON CAMPUS. 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 1988 A.S. ELECTIONS: 

Filinc becins March 7th at 8 am. 
Last day to file: April 4th, 4 pm. 

NO FILING DURING FINALS OR BREAK WEEK!!! 

Where: In the A.S. Office with Patty, upstairs in Student Center "A". 
Voting days: April 12th and April 13th. 

THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS WILL BE AVAILABLE: 
A.S . President 

Vice President Adminis lrat ive 
Vice President Finance 

Vice President EKternal Affairs 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Commissioner of Co mmunications 

Com missioner of Programming 
Commissio ner of Public Relat ions 

Commissioner of Operations, Services '" Enterprise 
Commissioner of University Center Board 

Sophomore. Junior and Senior Senators from each College 

For more information contact Patty in the A.S. Office at Ext. 44450, 
or come up to the A.S . Office, upstairs in Student Center A, above 
EDNA. 

*********************** 
STAY ALIVE 

DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE! 
UCSD ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 

TIPSY TAXI SERVICE 
YELLOW CAB COMPANY 

234-6161 
THURSDAY THRU SATURDAY 

5:00 PM TO 3:00 AM 
(VALID ONLY WHEN PRESENTED WITH CURRENT UCSD 10) 

·AREA SERVED· 

La Jolla, University Center, Clairemont, 
Pacific Beach, Mission Beach, Del Mar, 

Solana Beach, Mira Mesa 

* NOT TO EXCEED 15 MILES * 

*********************** 

The A.S. Tipsy Taxi Service is now in effect. Be sure to pick up your 
card at EDNA or the A.S. office. 

*********************** 

A.S. PROGRAMMING 

A.S. Film Series 
"Untouchables" 
Wed . March 2 
8 and 10 pm 
in USB 2722 

There is still time to buy your A.S . Film Series Membership Card for 
only $4.00 at the box office, for your favorite raging flicks , over 18 

* films left! What a bargain! 
1}l} 

. 

I 

Monday. February 29. 1988 15 

Student Orgs 
W om,.n 's Art Show 

Feb. 29 - March 4. Art display at Mandeville Annex Gatlery & the 
Che Cafe. Videos at the Che Cafe Mon. , Thurs., & Friday from 11 -
2:30. Speakers in the No. conference room. Mon . 11 - 2 & Thurs 2- 4 
a rep . from Womancare will show a video & speak on the harassment 
feminist health clinics face. Performance Wed . eve at the Che Cafe 
7:30 pm after the All You Can Eat. Performances to include Flamenco 
Dancing, Latina Theatre, women poets and more. Closing reception 
Friday 5 pm at the Mandeville Annex Gallery. Music by Une-Igede. 
For more info call 534-2023 . 

UCSD Taekwondo Club 
Self-defense, strength, discipline , friendship . If this sounds good to 
you, come check out the UCSD Taekwondo Club. The club teaches 
the Korean Art of self defense and promotes phys ical fitness. All skill 
leve ls are welcome to join. The meeting times and places are: 

Tues. - Thurs. 7- 8:30 pm , West Balcony, Main Gym 
Saturday 11 - 1 pm, North Balcony. 

Journey to the Soviet Union 
On Thursday March 3, Beyond War presents Professor James Skelly 
from the Institute of Global Conflict and Cooperation . Professor 
Skelly .will speak about his recent experiences in Moscow as well as 
issues concerning peace in the nuclear age. Don't miss thi s exciting 
opportunity to learn more about U.S. - Soviet relations - it's an 
issue that affects us all! The event takes place from 12 to I this Thurs. 
afternoon in room 502 of Tioga Hall. Feel free to bring your bag 
lunch. For more information contact Kia Currie of Beyond War at 
273-7207. 

Attention: Student Orcanizations 
The due date for the Needs Assessment Forms that were sent to you is 
March 8, 1988, and they are to be turned in to the staff at EDNA. If 
you have any questions, please call Andy Chane at the University Cen-
ter: 534-4022. 

The General Store Co-op 
The Co-op has .35¢ candy and .40¢ sodas! And don't forget to check 
out our photofinishing service - one day developing on Kodak paper! 
Shop at the General Store Co-op, located in the Student Center, 
Mon- Fri, 8:45- 5 pm. 

AIAA 
The UCSD. AIAA ~s having a tour of the Montgomery air field tower 

M~rch 4. Sign up Itst and information is posted outside of the AMES 
office. Only.2 1 people will be able to go 0 sign up soon. Also, next 
quarter a tnp to the Montgomery field flight service station is planned . 

Torn Between BiololY and Business? 
The Society for Biotech Management is offering a tour of the research 
and development facilities of a local biotech firm. The tentative date 
for the tour is Wednesday March 2 at 2 pm. If interested in this . 
rapidly growing industry, please contact Steve at 271-6811 to reserve a 
spot and for further information. 

UCSD Waterski Team!!! 
Any students interested in competing on the UCSD Waterski Team 
please contact Russell Johnson at 459-3061 or Lawrence Bekins at 
272-5665 . It's more than just skiing, the tourneys are full of parties and 
fun! We will begin skiing two or three mornings a week at the course 
as soon as we get enough interested students. You must be taking at 
least 12 units and maintain a 2.0 GPA. We need skiers now!!! First 
tourney is March 12 & 13 at El Bano (San Diego) and another is 
March 26 & 27 at Great Lakes (not as in Erie and Superior.) 

.. 

• 



I' 

16 Monday, Februarl' 29, 19 8 

C,_Ifted Mlvertl.'n, J •• 00d 'n to. 
ctt.r ..... 'ftCN_ .... IbdI ....... punc-
.................. ---.n .. __ 
,. con., ......... dtar .......... capital 
..... _ ...... _ two dtar ..... .... 
, ........ tOOdtar ..... i .. " ........... . 
.' .. fMu_ ...................... . 
...,....In .... _ .. .......... ; ......... 
fore ... ..... M IIUIIIed wilt! • ell-" 
I ..... out 10 11Ie UCSD GuardI_1 or 
...-~ In ..-. Deadll __ • 
p .. ~ .. 'nIundaf" . ......... . pill 
Thun .. ., .... Mond.,.. p .... , . The 
Guardl_ r..- .... ,. ... 10 ...... 
. 11)' """ ""1 'nclu"'n, IHIt not 
1I .. 1ted 10 COIIIP_Io .. h'p ... "or 
_ ................ ai, U 4 0 .... 11Ie 
GIl ..... UCID . ............. CA .... 

Announcements 
Fn~ship building through o~. ho~t and 
int~ntlOnal communicatIOn. Supportive con-
frontation resolves inner connict and tost~rs ~­
sonal growth. Pric~1ess fr~ rap group ~ks 
participants. 581-1310. 16/91 

Fr~ ~Ip for students In resolving university 
~lat~ problems. Contact Connl~ Morrison at 
w ASUCSO StudMt ACIIIocate's otlic~. 534-
445012/291 
Attention Warren Col~ graduatlng ~nlorsll 

~nlors Int~res~ In auditioning tor commence-
ment ~a/c~. contact W warren Dean's OtIice 
tor Intormatlon Stop by 302 MAAC or call 354-
4731 bdore 3/4. 13/31 
PAL I~rsonal AssIStanc~ tor ~arnlngl con~­
~nces now available at OASIS ~ading & Study 
Skills Cent~ Call 534-3760 or stop by HUL 
105B tor an aPJlOlntmffit or mor~ Intormation. 
13/101 
Attenbon Warr~n CoI~ Graduating ~nlOrsil 

~",ors Int~rest~ In auditioning tor commence-
ment ~ak~r. contact w warren Dean'S OtIice 
tor Intormation. Stop by 302 MAAC or call 534-
4 731 ~tor~ 3/4. 13/31 
EnJOY a gr~at veg~tanan teast. mantra ~I­
tatlon. and philosophical discou~1 T~sday at 
6 pm In HUL 1116. 13/71 
St~nt C~nt~r7 What's going on wi It7 Find 
out Monday ~ 29th at 5 pm at ~ Warren 
Commons. 12/291 
Tacotlme 59C tacos and fr~ dnnk r~fills at tlme 
ot purcha~ Tast~ W r~al dlff~renc:~ 16/91 
Mlnonty col~ JUnIOrs ar~ ~Ing off~r~ a spe-
CIal B-week summer r~arch Internship at 
ucsa. Int~rnshlps ar~ off~r~ In a van~ty ot 
ti~lds. & Interns Will r~~ SI.OOO Contact 
ASIO It Int~r~st~ 12/291 
Torrey PInes Players n~ 2 Int~rns tor watr~ 
t~hnlCal aSSIstants ASAPI Must have watre 
~~,,~nc~ It Interest~. contact ASIO In t~ 
Student Cent~ above W game room. 13/31 

Th~ La Jolla Nomads Socc~r Club ~s spnng 
Int~rns ASAP. Int~rns would till a PublIC R~la­
tlons poSition. It Int~r~sted. contact ASIO In the 

Stu~nt C~nt~ or call 534-4689 13/31 
Interns ar~ ~ to ~rve Wlttl W R~p staff ot 
the Hou~ Committee on the bu~t thiS 
summerllt Int~r~st~. come to ASIO In W Stu-

d~nt C~nt~r W~'r~o~ M-F. 9-4 pm 13/31 
Adams Aven~ Post IS acc~Ptlng SPring Interns 

~t practICal e~nenc:~ by Writing tor a news-
pa~r. For more ~talls. contact ASia In t~ 

Stu~nt Cent~ above W game room. 13/31 
San Diego County DemocratIC C~ntral Com-
mltt~ needs Int~rns ASAPI Interns must have 
PR skills and data entry knowl~~. It Interested 
call 534-4689 or stop by at ASia In t~ Stud~nt 

C~nt~r. 13/31 
ASia ~s 6 student dlf«tors tor next ~arl 

R~c~1ve 5 while plaCIng Interns around W 
nation. It In~rest~ contact ASIO In W Student 

Cent~r abov~ t~ game room Applications are 
du~ March Ith 12/291 
SoCIal SCI~nce ~xam prep workshop Thurs 3/3 
10 am-II am usa 40508 Sponsor~ by OASIS 
R~adlng & Study Skills 534-3760. 13/3j 
Commuters - \X!hy not start your T~s morn-
IngS out flght7 Come to Warren's Provost Con-

t~r~nce Room trom 730 - 930 am tor an "all 
you can eat" continental br~akfastl 5()¢ IS t~ 
small pnc~ tor a big ~a'" 12/291 
1988-89 UCSD FinanCIal Aid Application 
Pack~ts are availabl~ trom t~ Stud~nt Financial 
~MC~S offic~. It you WIsh to apply and have not 
recel~ an apphcation packet In t~ mall. 
pleas~ contact your Stu~nt financial ~MCes 

OtIic~ 13/31 

Cal Revl~w op~n hous~ - editors, layout, 
wnt~rs n~~ Thurs, 3/3, 6pm multlpurpos~ 
.... 11 welcome /3/31 
How to study Math & SCI~nc~ workshop Thurs-
day March 3 II am-noon usa 4050B. Spon-
sored by OI\SIS ~adlng & Study Skills 534-
3760. /3/31 
RISC Attjtu~ Mjustmffit Party at W pub 
March 5th. lix avail at box off SI incl~ band 
- U~ In ~neral, all trothy r~~hmffits and 
mor~: lix WIll NOT ~ sold at t~ doorl /3/31 
St~nts ot ~Ilel ApplICations tor ~Ie Col-
~ Counal ar~ available now at W ~11e 
PrOl/Ost offic~ from Kar~n . Deadline IS on March 
181(3/101 
~11e s~tsl Mandatory st~t i~ 
ment opportuni~ into snsion on March 7 at 
5:30 in W commut~ Iou~ tor anyone Int~r­
~ted In being on t~ ~11e Col~ Councilor 
on a committ~. 13/71 

Stu~nt Organizations - )Our ~s ~ss­
~t Forms ar~ du~ at EDNA by March 81 Mor~ 
info -/'Indy x4022. /3/71 

~11e RA applications: att~nd an o~n RA 
~ting on Tu~. March I at 7 pm In t~ Formal 

Lou~ 12/291 
Revtll~ ~si~nt Advisor applicatIOns ar~ ~ In 
on March I. Don't iniSS W ~adllne 12/291 
All Il'lIIIt~ to a fr~ lectur~ on ARTIFICIAl 
INTEUIGENCE by IBM's Ge-orgc 8a~ Th 
3/3/88 4-5pm USB2722 By Dlsa~ Students 
UnI()(1 
Oisneylandl Rosarito part " IS this Sat. March 5. 
Bus and adllllssion ar~ S20. So hurry up and sign 
up at w Warr~n Dean's Otfic~. lime is running 
out. ~ ~adllne IS March 2 . W~ Ie~ at 10:45 
am. 12/291 

Wanted 
Onver with own car n~ to pick up and 
d~liver VISiting protessor at airport on a twice-
~kly regular baSIS Exc~llent pay. Reliability a 
must. call 534-4 77B. Ie~ ~sage. 13/71 
Eam 55O-S100 ~r day mark~tlng credit ards to 

stu~nts on your campus. Work FIT or P /T. Call 
1-800-932-0528· 12/291 
Hlnng, clynamic. r~sponslble sales ~rsons to 
sell ro~s at La Jolla buslness~s. Evening hOurs. 
S45 - 100 ~r 5 hours, tipS and bonusn. Must 
~ 21 297-4850 13/71 
Cal Rev1~ ~s editOrs. layout. graphics, Wri-
ters. Int~r~st~7 Stop byl Thrs 3/3 at 6 pm. 

multlpur~. 13/31 
Want~ - ~11e R.A ·s. Apply today. Deadline 
IS March I. ~ RA ~Ing 3/1/88. 7 pm 

-Formallou~ 12/291 
ThIrd Word ~wsle~r ~kJng TC st~nt 
WIth newsl~tt~r, ~arbook. ~tc ~~nenc:~ to 
serve as ~Itor Int~m Volunt~rs WIth and 
WIthout ~~nenc:~ ~~ also Apply TC 
Dean's offic~ or call 534-0644. 13/101 

SIn~r/lynClst tor hl-~rgy funkrock toursome. 
~re Jre you? Call Jon 792-5209 leave 
rnes~ 

Housing 

Thinking ot rTlOVIng? I'm looking for 2 ~ple to 
shar~ a master SUlt~ In a n~w La Jolla Colony 
condo. Retn~rator. mICrowave. pool. jacuzzi. 2 

cargar~w/o~~r. S225/mo. Call 457-4335 
I~ave mes~. II ~son ok.1 13/101 
Slngl~ loft or shar~ mast~ In Solana Bch ~actr 
tront condo. All ameniti~s S280/mo. Call Scott. 
Peter. or Larry 259-9905. 12/291 
5175+'/ ' utll Gr~at ~all Share nlC~ 20'xI2' 
room In UC condo w/ temal~ Avallabll! 4/1. 
453-6256. 12/291 
TIred ot living In condo h~II lor someplac~ 
worsel7 I.Jve on t~ ~ach In Del Mar tor spr. 
qtr 4BI-8626. 13/31 

Ne~ now. Fem rmmate wam~ to shar~ 
large maner bdrm In lux 3 bdrm La Jolla Colony 
conClo. 2 car garage/wshr /d~r /mlCrowv/distr 
wshr. Only S255 mo. + 14 utll. Tara 458-9312. 
Leave mess. 12/291 

Room In Genesee Highlands 4177 Camino Islay 
prIVate hot tub mICrowave tir~place . 5320 Deb-
bie Amy or Sascha 535-0856 13/31 

I Call US today for a free I 
I personal rate quotation. I 
I 586-6222 I I I Just fi\·e minutes frDm ('ampus .' 
I GEICD I I I 
, Inde mnity Company , 
_____ CLlP&SAVE _____ 

Room tor rent S280/mo Del Mar condo. park-
Ing, fr~ laundry. pool. jacUZZI. 'fl utilities. non-
smoking mit Call 481-9494 or 931-6800 ask tor 
Bnan 13/31 
Roommate want~ to shar~ apt In Mesa Apt tor 
spring O . Must ~ graduat~ st. S203 utll. incl. 
546-947B· 12/291 
Own room tor rent 5 min walking to UCSO. 
S300/mo non smok~r cool ~I~ only- call 

T~ or Carl 535-034 7. 13/31 
Room tor r~nt In PSI Only 310/mo+ '/' utils. and 
laundry. ~w condo compl~xl Call TIna 274-
8732 13/31 
Room tor r~nt in Del Mar cendo. Oc~an VI~ 
w/bakony. near ~ach. 5400 + I'z uti!. 792-
5482. 12/291 

Condo for rent- La Jolla Colony. 2 bdrms. wid. 
micro~. pool. jacuzzi. dishwshr-477-9709. 
12/291 

Roommate- Avail now 298.00 mo. + 'fl util. 15 
min. from UCSO. Gr~at ar~a call Krls or Barb 
280-6384 III. msg. 13/31 

For Sale 

83 ~rcury Lynx 5 sp. AC. ~r ~tt~. 
r~ent tuneup. brand new bres. xlnt condittonl 
S3800/best call 450-31n 13/3/ 
69 bug 15k on new ~rman engine. Paint/inter. 
I yr old. Alpine sw~. bra. cover. Must selll 
2400. 274-8004. 13/3) 
27" ~t S70. Good condition. Must sell b/C 
moving and won't tit in full car AbbIe 453-
6256. 13/31 
SurfboardslAli less than SIOO - skulls - cool-
clean-next to UCSD- 9519 La Jolla Shores 

Max~. 12/291 
Ut~styler 2200 roloWr Will cIo ot~r body-
toning ~X~CISeS. SIOO or best o~r. Eleonor 
455-7647· 12/291 
Slight u~ RIp Cur T~rma 324 sale SIOO; that S50 
~Iow tr~ cost. ~ surlboard tor S90 000. 
484-7361. 13/31 
For sal~. 3 cou~ tor sale -only S35.- ~ach. 
Buy one or all -9QOd condit will compromi~ It 
want mor~ than one. Call Kay 459-2989. 13/11 

~Ium siz~ r~fri~rator. good condltlon-
best o~r - 453-1855 13/31 

Services 

Word proc~sslng - r~rts. theses. ~. 
resu~ ~tc. las~r prlnt~r -St~t rates. 484-
5996. 16/301 
WORD PROCESSING: SI. 75/pg. Fast. PIckup/-
Delivery. Stu~nt diSC. Andy Laurence. 535-
0209. 13/101 
TYPIng. word prOCesSing. ~lbng. student rates. 
prot~SSlonal product Call for appolntmffit -
454-6860·13/101 

TYPING-~. Ph.Os. MAs. T~rm . Alltormats. 
Rush jObs-MARIE 931-9596. 13/101 
Typing & resumes word proc~sslng student diS-
count 3251 Holiday Ct. Ste. 204 upstairs ~n 7 
Clays 546-9256. 13/10) 
TYPING - ~es. Ph.Os. MAs. T~rm. All For-
mats. RushJObs -MARIE 931-9596. 13/101 
Tutoring - a proven method towards ~tt~r 
grades-~liztng In BI(>-Ct~m-Physics-Mattr 

~neral StuClt~s . R~asonable rates - n~xiblt! 
hrs W~ can ~Ip you cram tor ~xams - tor appt 
or Into call ~land at 25~2028. 14/71 

Word procesSlng- r~ports. t~~s. equatIOns. 
r~sumes. etc. laser pnnt~r- stud~nt rates 484-
599613/101 
~ typing clone In a hurry7 SpKlahzlng In 
t~rm pa~rs. t~s~s. dis~rtatlOns . Becky. 279-
9836· 12/291 
Editing. proofreading. r~~arch asslstanC~ and 
typing 481-1715. 13/JOI 
Word Processing Desktop publishing. Excellent 

rat~s La~rprint finish. ~mes. t~rm papers. 
ads. brochures. Tel 452-3693/ 4 52-2774. 4180 
La Jolla VII"IJf. #520. 12/291 
Pa~rs. resu~. thesis call 566-9096 leoven-
Ings.1 ~asorlat*rates -~xcellentquallty. 13/3) 
Student typing- SI.80/doublt! space pagI!. Ex-
~Ienc~. Rush available. lflXJf/output-5» 
0470 13/101 
THE BIOTECH BOOK is a currMt list ot bIOt~h 
firms In San Diego available at Butler and Mayes 
books. La Jolla VII" Squar~ 450-1698. or at 
W UCSO bookstor~. 13/101 

Burk~ s«~ric1l- Word Processing! l)'ping-
~Iing corr«t~ rush jobs specialty. Claire-
mont 274-8305. 13/101 
PROFESSiONAl WORD PROCESSING. STUD-
ENT RATES. 7 D"tYS A WEEK. EXCEUENT 
ENGlISH SKIUS 755-2683. 13/101 
Word Processlng - Fast. reliablt! ~rvic~ . call 

~ 1..0 at 54~ 7989. 13/10) 
Typing/Word PrO(. Expert w/ IBMPC/l~ 
printer. 1..0 cost t~m paps. thesn. resu~. 

Nadi~ 578-0496. 13/101 

Lost and Found 

lost ~. 2/17 Black Ie~ jacket. If">und call 
Cyndi at 546-8221. ~ward. 12/291 
lost· K¥ on Mammoth key ring with ~­
momet~r. If tound call Usa 453-5402 Thanksl 
12/29) 

Penonals 

Speak Spanish. C~mavaco t.!ngu~ School. 
t~ plac~ to learn it. Five hours ~ach day. 
Cultural activities. fi~1d trips and ~xcurslons . 
Family IMng. ~ 4-254 62430 C~aca. 

M~xico. 1731 15-46-43. 16/91 
Attentl()(1 Warren CoI~ Gracluabng SenIorsI 
SenIOrs Int~est~ in auditioning for cornrnence-
mffit ~ak~ contact t~ WarrM Dean's offi~ 
tor information. Stop by 302 MAAC 01 call 534-
4731 ~~ 3/4. 13/31 
Mom's Mums is located nght on campus & 
supplies corsages & boutl,*res tor ~I-tormals 
MWF 12 -41 14/181 
Hey! Wher~'s Steve "assault and batt~ry" Kent 
and J~ "~rcham" Iko on t~ T~am ot t~ 

w~k plcture7 12/291 
Andy A . - Don't ~t you~1f killed. ~ cardul 
out t~r~11 still want to s~ you when you get 
back. -LL 
Hey Vinc~. Mordi. & Co .• come on Clown to 
Warren's all you can ~at conti~tal br~aldast 
this Tues. 7:30-9:30 am at ~ PrOllOSt Cont. 
Room. ~ UCSO's best commut~s and chat 

w/~an Deni~ Campbellll 12/29) 
Kathy. Erika. and Juli~ - you guys are~­
fIJI. Thanks tor all your ~Ip and acMcl.'. and tor 
always being t~~. You guys ar~ t~ greatestll 
love. Joyc~ 12/291 
J~ff- I ~ you. I ~ you. I love you ... need I 
say more7 -Joyc~. 12/29) 

Att~ntlon SOCial chairmen glasswar~. shirts. 
~ach Chairs. tOloWrs. llisors. anything, ~ 
Anythtng Company- 619488-0906. 13/31 
To t~ brot~rs ot Delta Tau Delta: congrat-
ulatIOns on your Installation II Love. t~ SISt~ ot 
Pi ~ta PhI. 12/291 
RISC Attltu~ Adjustmffit Party - March 51 Tix 
avallabl~ at box offic~ SI Includes band & 
refreshments. 13/31 
Dear YSF: I'm stili complet~1y In t~ Clark to this 

~day - it would gr~atly~ ~out to send 
a cIu~ my way! Steve in 2510. 12/291 
Revtlle studMtsl Mandatory Student IrMll-
vemffit Opportunities Info Session on March 7 
at 5:30 In ~ Commut~ Lou~ tor thOse 

Int~rest~ in ~ng on W Revelle CoI~ 
Council Of on a Commltt~ 13/7) 
S~ts ot Revellrl App/IcaItons tor Revtlle 
College Council .~ available now at W R_1Ie 
PrOllOSt otlic~ from Karen. Deadline is March 181 
13/101 
Go Sigma Nu baslcetbaNl Good luck on Sunday 
and hope you win t~ IFC tournamffit! 12/29) 
Attn: 3rd commu~rs Dlsneytand only 520 3/5. 
Transpo. providrd sign up at 3rd Dean's offic~ 
x44390 13/3) 

R~ wo~'s 5UppoIt group r~~ at 
MVl3/4 from 6 pm - 8 pm childcar~ pr(Jlli(lrd. 
Call x44390. 13/31 
TEK- Now what7 I love you lots Wondering 
and waiting. ~. 12/291 
Student Organuations- Your Needs Asses-
sment Forms .~ due at EDNA by March 81 

Mor~ into -ArOj x4022. 13/71 

For your ~ needs come to Mom's Mums 
Iocat~ right on car'fl>US next to ~ Rathskellar 
M-F 12-4. 13/3) 

Kevin - someday you'II ~ good enough to 
~am your own 6-pack. -Leesa. 

Last chancel ~ ~adIIne IS ne. tor w eovent 
ot W century. w DtsneytancI tnp on March 5. 
ThIs W~ IS ~ ~adline to sign up at ~ 
Warren Dean's Officr. ~ wholr evtnt is only 
S20. 10:45 dI!p. 12/29) 
Mel - you can mak~ Itl Leesa 

Hey you c~amics stud - you can IIr~ my kiln 
EVERYDAYIt And baby loW are talking cone lOll 
S. 

Anc;y - Wher~.~ you 7 I haven't ~ you tor a 
week -It'sjust not~sameI How was N .Y.? 

-~~ 
julIe - glad you'r~ back. ~ tour IIIIftks til 
)OU'r~~eI 
Drew. .Jen. K~. 0-. Suz~. Na. and 

Gur~- Had fun taco feting. let's do It again 
soonl You cIo all r~alize that this IS all a bunch ot 
b.s. not to mention a blatant space filler. - TR 

To t~ Hang T~n group - k~ '~ cOllllngl 
L~t's k~ It gomg - Woos - L~ 171 
Lara - lunch on Tuesday? Thanks tor listening. 
J . 
Pai~. Mindy. Jim. Doug. Bob - Casino night 
was a blast. Next time: black tie. 

1105 - Dudes. ~ w~mm stink. Find me 
nexttlme. -J 

DiSCovery 4SOs - You guys ar~ gr~atl 

Larry A . - Whal's t~ haps7 You should call me 
or come over~ must miss me t~nblyHM 

Dave T r'Gou~"1 - You'r~ wonderfull have a 
gr~at Clay! Love. ~. 

kff ~estorCl-H~ IS a good man. even if ~ 
can't lay out t~ front ~I 

GRAND OPENING 
Friday, February 26, 4-8 PM 

JOIN US FORA 
FREE STRESS STOPPER 

Neck and s houlder mas~age 

Pacific Institute 
for the healing arts, inc. 

Offering course and con ultation in: 
- stress relief - massage therapy 
- inner under tanding - nutrition and more 

We are the only hoh~ ti c in~titute 
in San Diego 'ier\'ing the academic 565-8777 
and profeSS ional community in 
a Qualil y environment. 

WE EDlICATE HOLISTIC HE I.TH CARE PROFES~IO ALS A [) TilE GENERAL PlJRLI . 


