
UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1988 

Students Protest 
Future Pub Closure 
By M. O'KEEFE 
Contributing Writer 

The Triton Pub's replacement 
by a pub under the management 
of Round Table Pizza at the new 
Price Center will be one con-
equence of the Center' grand 

opening next quarter .. 
When the students were sur-

veyed several years ago by the 
administration as to what type of 
eating establishment they would 
like to have in the new student 
center, the overwhelming re-
sponse was " pizza and beer." 

said that this is all the University 
can do about changing the current 
alcohol policy. 

"The University has no say over 
who gets the license," Weisenfeld 
said, explaining that the license 
will be given to the highest bidder. 

Weisenfeld felt that students 
would not be trongly opposed 
to the clo ing of the Pub if they 
had a better under tanding of 
what the new Round Table Pizza 
wa going to be like. 

VOLUME 65, #15 o 

What mo t students did not 
realize wa that the existence of a 
new beer and pizza place meant 
the end of the Triton Pub. Sev-
eral students have claimed that 
the response may have been dif-
ferent had the question been 
asked, "Which would you prefer, 
Round Table or the Pub?" 

Round Table Pizza wiU accom-
modate 150 to 200 more people 
than the Pub. It will feature live 
bands, a large screen TV and 
weekly comedy nights .. 

"The new owners are eager to 
satisfy the wants of the campus," 
Weisenfeld said. 

All Tapped Out - The Triton Pub is scheduled to close next quarter with the completion of the new 
University Center. A new pub will open at the Center under the management of Round Table Pizza. 

Weisenfeld predicted that, after 
it closes, the Pub "will be another 
opportunity, or space, for par-
ties ." 

The Pub will then be run by 
the University Center Board, and 
wiU be made available for use by 
student organizations. 

Mary Ann Davis, "someone who 
cares," changes. 

There are some students who 
feel that keeping the Pu b is worth 
going through the bureaucratic 
process to set a policy change in 
motion. 

refers to as "Day at the Pub," 
which he is hoping to organize as 
a gathering of 6,000 student at 
the Pub to show support during 
the second week of winter quar-
ter. 

Brown is also interested in 
planning a "Save the Pub" con-
cert (as a fundraiser) and encour-
ages students to contact him if 

they are interested in participat-
ing. 

Davis appreciates students' 
efforts to save her nine-year-old 
business. 

"I think it's great what the kids 
are doing ... It's a boost fo:- my 
ego , but frankly, I think that 
they're banging their head a-
gainst a waU," she said. 

According to one A.S. mem-
ber, the Pub was given the first 
priority over outside investors to 
move to the slot allowed in the 
new student center. Apparently, 
however, this was not "economi-
cally feasible" for the Pub's 
owners. 

Due to the California State 
Alcohol and Beverage Commis-
sion's policy, which aUows for 
only one liquor license on the 
UCSD campus, the A.S. member 
stated that the Pub's options 
were basicaUy, "Move or die." 

Alcohol will still be aU owed to 
be served at private parties if 
reservations are made in advance 
and students comply with U ni-
versity alcohol policy guideline . 

Many students feel that the 
Pub will not be the same under 
the authority of the administra-
tion. 

One such student i lacrosee 
team member Joe Brown, who 
feels that, "The Pub has been 
good for us and in return we 
want to do something for them. " 

He has organized petitions 
which wiU be circulating in the 
ReveUe Plaza area during the 
ninth week of faU quarter and i 
hoping to ·get at least 25 percent 
of the students to support his 
efforts. 

A.S. Rights Bill Passes 

Chairperson of the University 
Center Board, Evan Weisenfeld , 
said that, "If the students show a 
real demand to save the Pub, 
we 11 send the paper work through 
the ABC [the Alcoholic Bev-
erage Commission]." He also 

"Making [the Pub] a part of 
campus defeats [its] purpose," 
said one student, who remarked 
that dealing with the administra-
tion to throw a party there would 
be a "total hassle." 

Another student feared that 
the Pub would lose its personal 
atmosphere ifits ownership under 

In addition to petitions, Brown 
is also planning to sell "Save the 
Pub" T-shirts. Brown said that 
T-shirts wiU be on sale next 
week. 

The profits made from T-shirt 
sales will go toward what Brown 

By LAURA PROCTOR 
Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council unanimously 
approved a resolution advocating 
student rights and increa ing 
student input in campus policie 
yesterday, after similar resolutions 
had been repeatedly rejected. 

The resolution, co-authored by 
Student Advocate Bard-Alan Fin-

Scripps Plays Role in Global Climate Study 
By LOREN CHEN 
Contributing Writer 

On October 21, the Scripp Institute of 
Oceanography announced that it will be col-
laborating with Los Alamos and Lawrence 
Livermore National Laboratories on a 
scientific study of the Earth's changing 
climate. 

This four-year project, which wiU exam-
ine the oceans and atmo phere, came about 
through the efforts of the University of Cali-
fornia's In titutional Collaborative Research 
Program. 

Thi program encourages the UC system 
and UC-managed Department of Energy 
lab to work together in u eful long-term 
re earch. 

The $800,000 program will utilize super-
computing power from these institute a 
well as their knowledge of complex math-
ematical programs on climate modelling, 
global atmospheric chemistry and the rate 

of climatic change. 
Said C.F." hick" Keller, director of the 

Los Alamo Branch of the UC's In titute of 
Geophy ic and Planetary Phy ic , "The 
problems posed by tudies of the global cli-
mate mu t be resolved by large concentrated 
research effort." 

hiatus 

This program will combine enormous 
computing ability with expertise in simulat-
ing the natural :!nvironment. The UC's uni-
que structure of interacting campuses and 
laboratories puts it in a particularly trong 
position to do this research," Keller said. 

"Since a wide range of interactive pro-
cesses - in the atmo phere, the ocean, the 
ice caps, the olid earth, and the biosphere 
- contribute to climate change, the prob-
lem mu t be attacked by considering Earth 
as a unified system," Edward A. Frieman, 
director of Scripp Institution of Oceano-
graphy, and the tudy's principal 
inve tigator, added . 

"This project will greatly improve under-
standing Of the proces e crucial to global 
climate change by combining the intellectual 
and conceptual re ources of the e three 
research centers and other C campuses," 
Frieman aid . 

This tudy comes at a time when there i!. 
increasing concern among cientists and 

ee CLIMATE, page 3 

FEATURES 

Ian and Third Senior Senator 
Alex Wong, also urge the admin-
istration to reverse its changes of 
regulations invol ing "the Student 
Conduct Code, student privacy 
rights policie and tudent grie-
vance procedures which are not in 
the best interests of the stu-
dents . . .. " 

During the "Public Input" 
segment of the meeting, council 
members also heard comments 
from everal Che Cafe member, 
who advocated support of the 
tudent input resoluti o n, and 

appealed to the council for assist-
ance in their current conflict with 
the police department and admin-
i tration of UCSD. 

The resolution pas ed by the 
council stre es that the ad mini -
tration consciously ignored stu-
dent input, tating that the admin-
istrator "responsible for the alle-
gedly illegal revision . ,. were 
formally notified in writing of the 
errors in the revision proce ," 
and "chose to ignore the appeal of 
the ASUCSD Office of the tu-
dent Advocate." 

Council member had pre-
viou Iy expressed doubt a to 
whether the admini tration would 
rever e the changes even if are 0-
lution were pa ed, but Finlan 
a sured them yesterday that 
UCSD Chancellor Richard At-
kinson had said that "he would 
revoke the policy" if 0 advi ed by 
the council. 

everal change have been 
made in the re olution in e it wa 

See RIGHT ,page 3 

Gronk on the wall 
Hare Krishnas discourage Intoxication, 
gambling, eating meat and Illicit sex lives 8 



I~ UC NEWS 
UCLA Fraternity May Lose Recognition 
Because of Pending Lawsuit 

LOS ANGELES - Litigation of a million-dollar 
law suit against Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity and the 
University is pending a settlement to be negotiated next 
week . 

UCLA student Michael O'Hare is uing Lambda Chi 
for damages incurred from head injuries he received 
during a fight between Lambda Chi and Zeta Psi last 
spring break. The head injury also postponed O'Hare's 
graduation until this quarter. 

O'Hare, then a boarder at Zeta Psi, decided to sue 
the fraternity when it refused to release the name of its 
insurers. He is also sui ng UCLA on the grounds of 
" breach of contract and of negligence," said Andrew 
Levy, legal intern for Robert Hindin, who is represent-
ing O'Hare. O'Hare feels the university is responsible 
for the fraternity's actions, Levy said. 

If the company does not agree to the terms or if they 
do not reach a settlement, the case will be litigated, 
Levy said . 

Lambda Chi 's reluctance to provide information may 
also cost them official recognition. 

Although Lambda Chi did not release the informa-
tion to the univer ity, they will have to if they want 
renewed official recognition from the university. 

- May Wong, Daily Bruin 
U C Irvine Biology Students 
Retake Midterm Exam 

IRVIN E - About 100 students had to retake their 
biology midterm exam last week after professor disco-
vered that the original test may have been for sale 
beforehand. 

Associate Professor of molecular biology and bio-
chemistry Micheal Cumsky said the original exam for 
Biological Sciences 144 had been gradt'd and handed 
back to st udents when a secretary in the departmental 
office received an anonymous phone tip that the exam 
was up for sale. 

The call disturbed Cumsky and the other instructor 
for the class, Assistant Professor Charles Glabe, who 
found the original tests missi ng on the day of the exam 
two weeks ago. 

Glabe said hc had new exams printed and then 
administered them becau e he assumed the tests had 
been misplaced or accidentally thrown away, not 
stolen. 

After receiving news of the phone call. Cum ky said 
he asked his class whether anyone had been offered a 
midterm but so far no one has come forward . 

Both professors conceded that the phone call may 
have been a ruse, but a new test was administered any-
way because W we can't ignore someone making an alle-
gation," Glabe said . - Larry 'olan, New University 

BLOOM COUNTY 

Isla Vista Halloween Weekend 
Not as Big as Last Year 

SANTA BARBARA - Less than half as many 
people in Isla Vista were arrested and cited during this 
year's four-day Halloween weekend , as compared to 
the two-day festivals of last year, and no major inci-
dents occurred, according to police reports. 

By the time this year-'s costumes were shed, police 
had cited and arrested 462 persons, with 110 of them 
booked into jail - most of these offenses were alcohol 
re lated . This figure was still well under half of the 1,096 
arrests made during the 1987 Isla Vista celebration. 

Police estimate that 15,000-20,000 people packed Isla 
Vista's streets Monday night at the height of the festivi-
ties, compared to the 35,000 last year who roamed the 
neighborhood on Saturday, Oct. 31. 

No major injuries were reported during the weekend. 
Although many Isla Vista Halloween partiers said 

their perception was that the Monday crowd was pre-
dominantly local, police reported that approximately 
70 percent of the people cited during the weekend were 
from out of town. 

- Wade Daniels, Daily Nexus 

UCLA is in Quarantine Area 
for the Mediterranean Fruit Fly 

LOS ANGELES - Fruits picked from trees at 
UCLA may not leave campus, the U.S. Department of 
Agriculture warns. 

According to Inspector Morely Suzuki, UCLA is in 
the quarantine area of the Mediterranean fruit fly . 

Since it was learned two weeks ago that the Univer-
sity was in the quarantine area, fruit trees are being 
stripped before they become ripe enough to be picked. 

The fruit fly will multiply if removed from the qua-
rantine area, said Dr. Rosser Garrison, entomologist 
for L.A. County. "It feeds on 300 different kinds of 
fruits and vegetables and causes considerable damage 
to the crop industry." 

However, the plums, apricots and flowery peaches 
which are found "all over" the campus cause no harm if 
eaten. In addition, fruits which are not readily edible 
for human consumption may also play host to the fruit 
fly . 

- David Mori, Daily Bruin 

If UCSDINFO 
Committee for World Democracy 
Presents "Burroughs" 

The Committee for World Democracy will be pre-
senting two films this Friday evening. Both are free and 
will be shown in Third Lecture Hall 107 at 7 p.m. 

Burroughs. a film directed by Howard Brookner, is 
about the life of William S. Burroughs. Burroughs has 

been called the literary dean of the American avant-
garde, the father of Beat, the grandaddy of Punk and 
one of America's most dryly funny writers. Filmed over 
a period of four years with details of his scandalous 
life: the shooting of his wife in a drunken William Tell 
stunt, an affair with Allen GinSburg, heroin addiction 
and the literary acclaim that came late in life. 

Pul/ My Daisy. which presents a slice of life in a New 
York Bowery loft, will also be viewed Friday evening. 
It documents the subculture of the 1950's. Burroughs 
lasts 86 minutes and Pull My Daisy is 29 minutes long. 

Third Dorms Win Desiln A wards 
A new dormitory complex on the Third College 

campus at UCSD has won two awards for excellence in 
design. 

The facility, built into a hillside overlooking the 
ocean and Torrey Pines State Park, received a citation 
for design from the American Institute of Architects 
and a PANDA Award Honorable Mention for plan-
ning and design from the Planning Commission of the 
City of San Diego. 

The dormitory's architect was Delawie/ Bretton/ 
Wilkes Associates (DBW), the design firm responsible 
for the Penguin Encounter at Sea World, the new 
Police Headquarters in downtown San Diego and the 
Metropolitan Transit Development Board building 
now under construction. 

Running contrary to trend, the architects consulted 
with a student committee prior to drawing the plans. 
"They gave us excellent input, particularly concerning 
the use of space and the inclusion of common lounge 
areas," DBW senior partner Homer Delawie said. 

The 50 pods are stacked in eight striking gray 
modules of varying heights, enhanced with blue trim. 
A bridge flows from the enclave to the upper campus, 
where calssrooms are located. 

The architects' primary challenge was to create a 
somewhat dense, urban environment of UCSD's West-
ern slopes. "The terrain helped dictate the solution. We 
wanted something that would step down the hillside 
and that's why we settled on a cluster concept," Dela-
wie said. 

In contrast to the modular living quarters, the com-
plex also contains a rounded building at the top of the 
slope, housing the popular Oceanview Terrace dining 
hall, administrative offices and several conference 
rooms. The residential cubes cluster at the bottom of 
the hill around an informal, grass amphitheater, 
designed for concerts and other programs. Recreational 
facilities include a sand volleyball court and a regula-
tion size basketball court. 

On the design team with Delawie were DOW 
partners Mike Wilkes and Jim Barker. Mark Nelson of 
FD&C wa~ the UCSD project manager. 

The dormitory was built by the Dillingham Con-
struction Company, based in Pleasanton, CA. Lands-
cape architect was Wimmer/ Yamada and Associates. 

- Complied by Leen Licht 

...... --------, 
by Berke Breathed 
~----------~~ 

1HOI{()(I(Hj.YPlflUTEP 
6Y A K/66W, ~p 

~rtM ... ANP ~/TEP 
tIeNNI? ON 1HE /IMEX/CIW 
5f/ll!MtJ( ()f U~. 

r 

How Can San Diego Press 
Be Improved? 

It will 
tlk.,.,. 
t""tIp .. . 
to the limit of 
your iml,in,tion. 

produCMIby 
Jon Lon, & JlmlS An,rov. 

See page 7 

PRI!MII!RE SHOWINGS 
NOV. 911,Ved) ENClNITI'.5 • IA PAlOMA THEATRE. 7 & 9 PM 
NOV. 10 IThursl1A JOLlA. MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART • 7 & 9 PM 
NOV. 11 ·17 !O~ week only) • COUEGE THEATRE. 7 & 9 PM 

Iplus dally matl~ at ColI* ThI'atre onlyl 
Tickets avaIlable ilt thl' 00' offICe begInning one hOur belore shOwtlme. or In 

-

The UCSD Guardian 

RIGHTS 
Continued from pale 1 
first proposed, but, Finlan said, 
"The significant parts are sti ll in 
there." 

Wong, who co-authored the 
final version of the resolution, 
said that he had opposed the orig-
inal proposal. 

He expressed a sentiment pre-
viously mentioned by other coun-
cil members, saying, "I was not 
against the idea .. . I didn't think 
[the resolution) was specific 
enough." 

Both Finlan and Wong ex-
pressed great satisfaction with the 
final passing of the resolution. 

"Finally, we've taken care of 
it," Wong said, "and that feels 
good." 

Also on the topic of student 
rights, Che members informed 
the council of , heir current con-
flict with the police and the ad-
ministration, and said that the 
administration had repeatedly 
violated its own regulations in 
their alleged harassment of the 
Che. 

CLIMATE 
Continued from pace 1 
people worldwide that food pro-
duction and other activiti~s will 
be dramatically affected by po-
tential changes in the Earth's 
climate. 

According to the most exten-
sive climate models to date, the 
average annual temperatures will 
rise to a high not seen in more 
than 100,000 years. With respect 
to specific rates of change and the 
regional distributions of these 
changes, however, there are dis-
agreements. 

"What makes the problem so 
difficult to solve is that the emis-
sions of greenhouse gases [which 
cause these changes) comes from 
very vital societal activities," ex-
plained Michael MacCracken, 
leader of the Atmospheric and 
Geophysical Sciences Division at 
Lawrence Livermore National 
Laboratory 

"Carbon dioxide is a conse-
quence of transportation, heat-
ing, and industrial activity; 
methane is a consequence of rice 
production and natural gas pro-

duction; and chloroflourocarbons 
are essential for refrigeration, air 
conditioning, production of insu-
lation, and as solvents. While we 
can reduce and substitute for some 
uses, many people of the world 
want more of these uses - not 
less," MacCracken said. 

Along with pollution, the vary-
ing amount of radiation emitted 
by the sun, volcanic activity, and 
long-term natural climate varia-
bility all contribute to changes in 
the global climate. 

A focal point in this program is 
to integrate data from the many 
different lines of research and 
form a clear mathematical picture 
of the climate system. To handle 
the incredible volume of informa-
tion, the program will require 
state-of-the-art technology in super-
computing. 

Senior Vice President of the 
University of California William 
R. Frazer said that "the collabo-
ration by Scripps, Los Alamos 
and Lawrence Livermore effec-
tively demonstrates the intent and 
the advantages of the Institutional 
Collaborative Research Program. 
It allows the resources of the three 
institutions to work together for 
the benefit of all." 

lJI~&SA I'OP EVI~N'I'S 
..------

~~S.EN-1!fi-

fIREHOSE 
wlTn 

SI'.:C:IAL mmS'fS 

I1IJil \JUf:J(E ~lJU1U~~ 
'1'I1iS StJNU"YI NOV. 1:1, 8:00 I'.M. 

m:sn 1'lm'ON l'lIB 
S'f. S7 .00 G.A. sn.oo 

'1II'KnS \I'.\II_UI"': i\T l 'Of. tTS., IIUX lII'I't4'l( A "-""='4~ 

NEWS 

Images of 
Democracy 

A Revelle College student 
contemplates a ballot while 
performing his civic duties in 
last Tuesday's general elec-
tion. 

Thursday. November 10. 1988 3 

Experience tile T •• te 
of MEXICO 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. (corner 01 Herschel) 
EAT.N OR TAKE OUT 

- Carnitas - Tamales 
• Burritos 

- Chicken Tacos 
• Carne Asada - Chilaqui,es 

Open 11 :00 AM to 9 PM EVERYDA V! 
Call in your order in advance for taster service 451-1701 

r~----o-o-ilF-F-~-~;--: 
I 1 COMBO PLATE : I . . _ . . I 

r---------------' LL _!~ ,;o!p~>n_a_ny_da_y_af_ter_3_pm_. _Ex_pir_es_1 1_/ 2_5_/ B_B _ 

Budget Student 
FARES 

• EAST COAST ... $250 
• BAY AREA .... , . $58 
• LONDON ...... $530 
• SYDNEY . ... ... , $768 
• CARIBBEAN , .. , $340 

laled on round trip far. 
Boole Now - Srllls Limitrd! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

Kaplan 
"Ear!v Bird" classes. 

Take one and 
fly high on test day. 

Wanl high scores on lhe MeAT. 
LSAT. GMAT, DAf. orGRP Then 
get inlo hl!lh gear wilh a Kaplan 
-Earty Bird" class. 

We '1I prepare you for one of 
lhese career ·shaplng exams and 
still leave you plenly o ftime 10 
spare . And if you need a quick 
refresher before Ihe exam. bone 
upwlth ourTest·N·TapE'· series at 
;,ny·,four l20centers. Rightupto 

Ih~ last minute. 
So enroll. Today. Because 

t!veryone knows what the early 
bIrd gets. 

I KAPLAN 
STAIIIlT H. UPlAN tDUUTlOllAl ((IIT1t lTD. 

4780 Clalremont Mesa BI. 
San Diego, CA 92117 

277·6744 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively WJ and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master TechniCians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------I 20% ~~!~~i~1~!8· I 

I 'Must be pl'esented at time 01 estimate. • i r '&icNm~",",' ~"~~~M_," ",.. ASC I 
•
1 ~ 1450 94941 =,~ I 
· ',.r,._ I I I I It You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them • 
• About Us; If They Haven't Discovered • I Us Yet, Ask Us For References. • 
• 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I 
1 ______ ---------------------

FAMOUS-MAKER SUNGLASSES 
SAVE 15%-50% 

CARRERA - 25~ off GARGOYLE - 15~oft 
• Famous tor comfort and tit • Aerodynamic design 

PORSCHE - 20~ off SERENGETI - 20~ off 
• Superior craftsmanship • Made for driving 

SWATCH '"' SUNGLASSES - SO~ off lug. retail 
• Polarized lens. Great for biking 

All sunglasses with 100'" ultraviolet protection 
(Sale good thru 11/13/88) 

tpa,ific ~y~5 & Ts 
• Clolremonl Squore 272-8808 . La JoIIo VlIIoge Square 53>0365 
el'ac:. leoch "'_lOde 581·6769 . La Jolla 1241 Prospect 454·7532 
• Enclnltal (Lumbelyord) 942.()337 . NOI1t1 County fatr 745-9425 

For oilier tOColtonl. plea .. collille abow. 



O PINION---
_____________________________ ~~oq~~~----------------------------

4 Thursday. November 10. 1988 

I t wa Friday night when we finally blew up the Jeep. The explosion shook the whole valley and sent chunks of red shrapnel flying over 
the house and all the way back to the White River ational Forest. 

All traffic stopped on the road and the elk herd scattered in panic. 
But not for long. IL was over in 22 seconds. Nobody was injured and 

no animals were killed, despite the ominous presence of Russell 
Chatham, the famous meat-eating artist from Montana. 

Russell i also a famous chef - and whenever he shows up, things 
die. He will jerk a tarpon out of the sea or an antelope off the prairie 
just to get his hands on the meat. 

It is like a cooking fetish, hooked up with a high sense of art and a 
wolf like hunger for anything that drips blood . ... And when he heard 
we were about to set oft a huge bomb in the midst 01 an elk herd, he 
flew over from San Francisco a day early. 

But there was no meat on that day. for Russell or anyone else. The 
only thing that died in the blast was the Jeep, which had fought 
valiantly for something like 55 hours against the crude and stupid 
death that we finally inflicted on it. 

The bomb was huge. by local standards. It was four sticks of Iramite, 
a brutal plastic explosive known as "Super Dynamite" in the trade, 
wedged under the hood of an old red Jeep Wagoneer, equipped with 3 
278 HP V-8 Chevy engine and four new studded whitewall Michelin 
XAS mud & snow tires ... and it was what they call in The Business "an 
extremely dangerous wrap." 

Which was true. The old steel Wagoneer, a relic from some earlier 
and better days when Jeeps were still built like small tanks, had 
withstood the assaults of some of the meanest and best-equipped boys 
in the international violence business. It had been packed full of 
dynamite, soaked down with gasoline and then blasted at point-blank 
range for two hours with flares, full-auto, and .50-calibertracer / rockets 
from a newfangled $2,500 single-shot sniper rifle that was brought over 
the mountains from Boulder by some wild boys from Soldier of 
Fortune magazine. 

B Ut nothing had worked . The 12-guage "high-impact~ shotgun flares , designed to 
explode in a blaze of phosphorus at precisely 150 yards, fluttered 

limply to earth in the tall grass of the pasture at less than half the 
distance, setting fire to old fence posts and hay bales .... The full-auto 
M-16s were utterly useless, spraying bullets all over the landscape and 
hitting everything except the Jeep, which had been set up only 100 
yards away. 

It was a series of horrible jokes. The big rifle - a custom-built item 
weighing 29 pounds and mounted with a scope so precise tliat it was 
"guaranteed" to hit a watermelon at 3,000 yards - turned out to be 
worse than a Roman candle in the hands of a drunken teenager. 

It was advertised as "state of the art~ in terms of accuracy, impact, 
nash suppression and no recoil, a totally modern weapon .... But the 
first person to fire it, local sportsman and ski merchant Dan Dibble, 
fell away from his shot with blood spurting out of his forehead from a 
terrible recoil-whack that split the flesh between his eyes like a blow 
from a nine-pound hatchet. 

He bled all over the house for two or three hours, and his shot was at 
least eight feet over the target - a huge ball of fire that landed 
somewhere up in the snow. . 

The Soldier of Fortune boys were embarrassed, but none of them 
could do any better. 

These were the big-time shooters and the cream of the hired 
mercenary crop, with access to any weapons they wanted - in Wood 
Creek or Nicaragua - and somehow they failed to hit the dynamite or 
anything else that would give us the massive explosion we were looking 
for. 

The only break in the long afternoon of truly crazy incompetence 
came when one of the meres managed to hit the front seat of the Jeep 
with a tracer-incendiary round, and set the upholstery on fire. 

W e were gripped by a feeling of ugliness when tbe target failed to explode. Nobody knew how to explain it. The Jeep was 
still smoldering, but the bomb refused to go off ... and it 

would stay that way for the next 50 hours, a living bomb that nobody 
could go near. 

The mercs pulled out quickly, taking their used brass with them. We 
chased them down the road as far as the tavern, where they tried to seek 
refuge and pass for normal tourists . 

The fat one locked himself in the men's room, but Tex kicked the 
door down and dragged him out by the hair. 

The one who called himself "chief" Oed out the back door and tried 
to hide in the bowels of the trailer court. Two others barricaded 
themselves in the Laundromat and threatened to commit suicide unless 
they could talk to Ed Bradley and make the whole story public. 

They were still there when the tavern closed at midnight, and the 
Jeep was still on fire in the back pasture. 

The dynamite was still simmering on top of the DieHard battery, 
and one oftheir women had run off with their Power Wagon , heading 
back to Boulder at top speed. 

When I went back home, around three, a surly crowd was still 
gathered in front of the Laundromat, jabbering distractedly and 
chanting Sandanista slogans. 

The nightmare went on for two more days and nights until finally on 
Friday afternoon, my neighbor George Stranahan, the famous beef 
rancher,came over with a fistful of blasting cap and blew the Jeep into 
thousands of small red chips. "Merry Christmas, ~ he said as he left. 
"There's more world news on Page 2." 

Letters 
UCSD Violates 
Its Own Policy 

Editor: 
In re ponse to the 'Clamp 

Down' article on the Che Cafe, 
(Guardian, ov.7) alluding to a 
new policy, we feel clarification is 
required. The incident is not 
isolated in the campus administra-
tion's working with the police in 
bypassing University policies. To 
close any student organization or 
invoke disciplinary sanctions, such 
as requiring paid police security, 
the University is required to 
provide a hearing. The University 
violated its own policies in closing 
the Che last spring and again is 
continuing its harassment by using 
the police. 

The concert scheduled for Nov. 
5 was not cancelled because the 
police required $250 (not $5(0) 
for their security. The concert 
was, in fact, cancelled after Linda 
Stack from U EO (University 
Events Office), in the presence of 
Assistant Vice Chancellor Tommy 
Tucker, said that the Che could 
be shut down permanently if 
"anything was to happen." 

Threatening to close the Che 
has been the stance of the Uni-
versity for years, and they have on 
occasion demanded its closure, as 
last spring quarter, without due 
process as required by Section 
33.11 of UCSD Policies and 
Procedures Applying to Student 
Acrivities. These threats force Che 
members to engage in hours of 
extra research and dealings with 
the administration to make them 
comply with their own published 
policies. The force and prejudice 
employed by the University offi-
cials is evident in Tommy Tucker's 
contemptuous statements, "The 
Guardian is a bunch of lies," and 
he added, "The Che Care is 
autonomous, about as autono-
mous as I am." 

The Che Cafe is a student run 
collective, built by students, and 
paid for by student support. The 

University's unending patroniza-
tion of the Che to conform to 
policies that don't exist is viewed 
by the collective as the most demand-
ing harassment - demanding in 
that it requires so much energy in 
fighting the University back to 
UCSD Policy, when that energy 
would be directed towards 
expanding the collective and rais-
ing money for the various chari-
ties that the Che Cafe gives 
thousands to each year. 

The University officials and 
police together must have realized, 
by reading the year end profit t loss 
statement we are required to turn 
in, that the average donation the 
Che made from each event was 
about $250 . The amount 
coincides with the $250 of security 
fees being demanded. This cost 
effectively eliminates the money 
raised and inhibits our ability to 
promote benefits. 

The police continue to assert 
that it was their decision to require 
security. University Center Board 
Director Jim Carruthers said, "I 
understand that it's a good police 
report ... it's the police who 
determine the problem ... if it's 
not in your area you shouldn't 
have to pay for it ." 

Lt. Dyer of the University 
police, when asked about the 
reason for the extra security fee, 
answered, " ... anytime any organi-
zation needs to pull a police 
officer to just stand there and not 
do anything else, it (the organi-
zation) has to be charged." This is 
in conflict with the University 
policy that security is to be paid 
for by the University unless alco-
hol is being served. 

He continued with a statement 
of his purpose, "We are the people 
who draw the line to where people 

See CHE CAFE, page 5 

An Observer at the Chilean Election 
A Step Closer 
To Democracy 
By PAUL W. DRAKE 
Professor of Political Science 

For foreign observers, like 
myself, there were three mys-
teries to be explained about the 
Chilean plebiscite of October 5, 
1988. (I) Why did a dictator-
ship hold an honest election 
and accept defeat? (2) How did 
the opposition win a contest 
controlled by the government? 
(3) How can that oppostion 
victory be leveraged into a transi-
tion to democracy? 

Chile's dictator of fifteen 
years, Augusto Pinochet Ugarte, 
held a plebiscite in which all 
citizens over eighteen years of 
age could vote "yes" or "no" on 
his continuation in office for 
eight more years. He did so 
because the Constitution he 
imposed in 1980 called for that 
plebiscite. The armed forces had 
vowed that their government's 
authority and legitimacy rested 
on ab olute adherence to that 
charter. Therefore the ruling 
junta - the commanders-in-
chief of the Army, avy, Air 
Force, and National Police -

was determined to conduct a 
reasonably fair plebiscite. 

The junta insisted on ample 
registration, which reached 93 
percent of the eligible voters. It 
lifted the State of Siege, allowed 
virtually all exiles to return 
home, and granted fifteen min-
utes a day on television to the 
opposition. The military leaders 
also guaranteed that the 
voti!)g itself would be fraud-
proof, with oppostion and 
foreign observers at every trans-
parent ballot box. Although the 
regime still enjoyed enormous 
coercive, financial , and media 
advantages, it gave the oppo i-
tion a fighting chance. 

Why did a military govern-
ment notorious for its wide-
spread violations of human 
rights and democratic norms 
preside over a plebiscite that it 
couldn't steal? The main reason 
was that the regime wanted to 
use the voting to legitimize the 
system enshrined in its 1980 
Constitution, regardless of the 
outcome. The armed forces felt 
their honor was at stake, forcing 
them to abide by their own 
laws. They had to extend mini-
mal guarantees of fairness to get 
the opposition to participate. 
Moreover, hundreds of foreign 
observers were watching the 
process. 

International pressure for a 
clean election also came from 
the U.S. government. Finally, 
the junta did not want any 
irregularities to tarnish the 
expected victory of the Yes. 

Why was the Pinochet camp 
so cocksure of victory? They 
believed that voters would be 
afraid of a return to the conflicts 
under socia list President 
Salvador Allende (1970-73). The 
country was in the third year of 
growth rates over five percent. 
Inflation wa down to 12 per-
cent, while investments, exports, 
employment. and real wages 

See CHILEAN, plge 5 

The UCSf) Guardian 

Chilean 
Plebiscite 

Continued from page 4 
were rising. Pinochet had all the 
campaign resources oft he govern-
ment, the armed forces, and 90 
percent of the media at his dispo-

I sal. He enjoyed the solid support 
! of the business elites and believed 
I that women and country dwellers 
I would provide the margin of 
. victory. 

He counted on the opposition 
being divided and ineffectual. In 
the final analysis, the regime suf-
fered from self-deception. Like 
many other authoritarian rulers, 
Pinochet was told and heard only 
what he wanted to hear. 

How did the opposition manage 
to prevail? The structure of the 
Plebiscite allowed a socially and 
ideologically diverse coalition -
stretching from the moderate 
Right to the far Left - to dohere 
around the only point they agreed 
on: No to Pinochet and his regime. 
They converted that unity into 
victory by overcoming three fears 
among the popUlation: fear of 
Pinochet, fear of a return to the 
Allende period, and fear of the 
unknown. They dispelled terror 
with door-to-door campaigning, 
with huge rallies, and with the 15-
minute TV spots. While the Yes 
ads stressed the threat of violence 
and chaos, the No commercials 
focused on a future of "happiness, " 
free from torture, censorship, and 
tyranny. Aboveall, the opposition 
mdae the plebiscite a referendum 
on political freedom, not on 
economic prosperity. . 

America. democratic forces cele-
brated that repudiallon of military 
rule. The task ahead in Chile. 
however. was to translate the No 
into a transition to full democracy. 
Pinochet continues to govern for 
another year, while competitive 
elections for president and con-
gre s were scheduled for Dec-
ember, 1989. 

For Pinochet, the goal was to 
narrow the definition of the No as 
only limitation on his term as 
president. He intended to stay on 
as commander-in-chief of the 
armed forces for at least four 
more years. Above all, he planned 
to defend the 1980 Constitution's 
system of "protected democracy" 
under the tutelage of the armed 
forces . The key provisions made 
the constitution itself virtually 
unchangeable, one-fourth of the 
senate unelected , Marxist groups 
excluded from participation, and 
presidential decisions subject to 
review by the military. 

For the opposition, the post-
plebiscite strategy was to broaden 
the No to signify bargaining with 
the armed forces to reform the 
authoritarian constitution. They 
also sought to maintain their unity 
behind a single moderate candi-
date for the 1989 elections. Win-
ning a large mandate in those 
contests might allow them to press 
for further democratization. Mean-
while, they tried to restrain their 
more jubilant and militant fol-
lowers, who wanted more im-
mediate results from the No. As 
the opposition navigates that 
perilous passage from rejection of 
authoritarianism to reconstruc-
tion of democracy, they will be 
looking to the international com-
munity for continued support. 

OPINION Thursday. November 10. /988 5 

Wiesenthal Ignores New Genocide 
UItor: 

I personaUydidn' go to see Simon Wiesentbal's 
speech in the Gym entitled "The Murderers 
Amona Us. "I would never pay money to ao and 
listen to a hypocrite. If I would have aone, I 
would have liked to ask him one simple question, 
"Who will brina the Israeli war criminals to 
justice after they have annihilated the Palestinian 
people?" 

I'm talkinaabout warcnminals like Menachem 
Beain aDd Ariel Sharon who were responsible for 
the deaths of 40,000 eivilians in the 1982 invuion 
of Lebanon alone. Over J.S million people 
needed relief a .. iltanee sueh as food, shelter, and 
medical supplies and over 800,000 people were 
made homeless. 

Ariel Sharon was also responsible for the 
..... 1ICTe of a whole villaF in the I~'s. His 
troop 101 totally destroyed the viUaF of Kibye 
aDd killed all of its inhabitants. Menachem 
Belin's less well-known exploit was the villqe of 
Deir Yasin where approximately SOC> people were 
murdered in cold blood. 

In a feature article (Guardian, Nov. 3) it said 
that Wiesenthal had "extreme courage to face 

those who have performed unspeakable evil." I 
say that Wiesenthal has alot of gall. not couraae, 
for him to [ask us to support Israel] while they 
now are the ones performin, unspeakable evils in 
the West Bank and Gala Strip. Simon Wiesen-
thaI's work is useless and contrary to the praent 
historical events. 

In this same article, Wiesenthal was .. ked if 
there "could be another holocaust?" "Of course" 
was the answer, "When it can happen in a 
culturally rich and intelligent nation like Ger-
many, it can happen anywhere in the world. I will 
not excl\&de any country." Why then does he 
exclude Israel, witb their Nazi-like tacties in the 
West Bank and Oaza Strip? • 

If we close OUI eyes Ionl enoup to the present, 
and drown ourselves in a sea of sympathy for 
what happened in the past, when we wake up, we 
miJht find out that it has been paid for by 
genocide of the Palestinian people. In your 
article, Wiesenthal fean discoverina that "i,nor-
ante has onte again allowed another genocide to 
be carried to its final conclusion." After the 
genocide of the Palestinian people tell me what 
lessons we learned from Simon Wiesenthal. . 

~ame Withheld by request 

Continued from pace .. 
are to be left alone." 

We asked him about the neces-
sity of two police officers and he 
responded, "When two police 
officers handle things they're much 
more aggressive in the way they 
hand le things." 

These statements seem uncon-
stitutional in nature and presume 
violence, which has never hap-
pened at the Che, and the col-
lective has never had to be "aggres-
sive" in its dealings with patrons. 

We acquired, from Ernie Mort 

We acquired, from Ernie Mort 
at the Revelle ~rovost office, the 
campus police Criminal Offense 
Reports for the past two years. 
According to these reports, in the 
month of October this year: there 
was over $80,000 in theft on the 
campus; as well as knives confi-
scated at both Third and Revelle; 
an arrest of a man with a gun at 
the Pub; marijuana found at the 
Coast Apartments; arson at Muir 
College, and other incidents. The 
police chose to focus on one bong 
found at the Che on Oct. 7, dedi-
cating rhree police officers to the 
Che area for Jhe f('\lowing events 

and requiring the Che to pay lor 
Officer Tracy's overtime. The 
Criminal Offense Report lists less 
than six incidents of any kind in 
the past two years, during which 
time more than 200 bands have 
played at the Che. 

As to the assertion by the police 
that they had received calls from 
parents, LI. Dyer added, "Your 
position is they [the patrons] 
should be left alone until they are 
creating a problem. Our position 
we want to get it off before there is 
one.'Cause we don't want to just 
react to it there." He connected 

See CH~ CAF~, page 6 

1988 All Cal Winter Carnival 
--------Aspen, CO Dec. 10-17--- -----

Cred1tCard Cash Discount Package Includes: 
Transportation 

AIR $523 $509 5 Night Deluxe Accommodations 
5-Day Lift Pass 
Refreshments en route 

BUS/CONDO $390 $379 Optional Race clinic 
Dance 

HOtEL 2 Lunches on the Hill $370 $359 
Thumper Tournament 
Ski Races 

GROUND $285 $273 Broomball 
Kamikaze Party 
All Cal Beer Ruggies & Croakies 

For More Info Contact RISe X44482 or 
office in Student Center (above food co-oJ:» 

Thanks to our sponsors: ROSSIGNOL SALOM ON 
THE NORTH FACE 



6 Thursday. ovember 10. 198 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

HAIR SALON 
CALL TODAY - ASK 'FOR SUSAN 

DaIrs'tJ'llng ~O"'IOIlIOIl18 
IIAlRCl'TS 

For Men & Women 
Onl)' •••• Reg $23 & $30. 

ALSO 
p".-- or rou hlxbllxhtlnx 

Wllh halrcul $50 Reg $90 
f)veainx ........... " ...... Ie A ... ~ .... 

Expires 11 / 30 /88 

565 ."_r1 St., La doD. 
(619)459·3195 

MYf'4ONe ~ 
THAI GRIWD CHICKEN RESTAURANT 0 

MOM'S § 
CHICKEN SOUP § 

"Yummy on your tummy" 

IAJOUA MISSION HIUS 
IN THE VONS CENTER NEAR EL INDIO 

455-8424 574-0177 

fOR 
YOUR 
BODY 
ONLY 

~II today ror your 
rRl:~ tonIng _Ion 

fH5 value) 

BODY TOrUrtG 
• I-hour session = 7 hours 
strenuous exercise • Lose 
Inches . Reduce Cellulite 
• finn Muscles 

TArlrtlNG 
• Immediate results in 1/ 2 the time 
- Vertical , air conditioned booths 
BODYWRAFS 
• 100% Natural 
• Reduces cellulite, Inches, toxins 
MIlS 
· full service 
• Special/zing In hand painted nail art for 
special occasions 

7843 GIRARD "e" IA JOUA • 456-2006 

DR. BRIANJUDELSON, D . D . S . 

DENTISTRY 
in the Golden Triangle 

Conveniently located at 4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 
Ste. 204 (next to Anthony's Seafood) 

546-7667 l.. 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

I - - -Student Special - SAVE $65 - - I 
: FREE EXAM & X-RA YS* : 
I when accompanied by regular cleaning by our I 
I hygenist for $35 (reg. $ TOO for a/l services) I 
: UCSD SPECIAL· 20% DISCOUNT : 
I on additional rreatment I 

~ __ - . ..... - - ____________ - _____ .1 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
: HAIRCUT SPECIAL : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

'9 (reg. $12) 
Ask for Yoko, Nancy E., Marilyn or Debbie 

20% On Redlcen Penns 

SHEAR DEUGHT 
3240 Govemol' 

(in the Big Be.or Shopping Center) 

453-4668 
•••••••• (with this ad) 

• 
• 
• 
•• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

OPINION 

Che Cafe 
the band to the is ueabove, "The 
Grateful Dead people ... you're 
dra wing a group of people that 
ca use problem .. . underage, 
alco hol consumption ... Don't 
gel those groups." Thi is censor-
ship a nd asserts that people are 
guilty because of the music they 
choose. 

It should be pointed out that on 
the very same day of the concert 
a t the Che that was cancelled, the 
A.S. was hosting a Reggae Festival 
at Mile High Field which was 

advertised on and off campus and 
attended by both students and 
non-students. This reggae event 
produced some incidents of drug 
use and alcohol consumption, and 
yet it was not shut down. 

This ongoing struggle involves 
everyone. It will continue until 
the University conforms with its 
own policies regarding student 
organizations, stops threatening 
the Che Cafe Collective, and 
obstructing our «;xpression and 
our growth. 

Che care Collect in 

The UCSD Guardian 

Write Us 
A Letter 
Please lend an letters, typed 

arid doublr J/HICN,to the 
Opinion Editor, TIw G,.,-
dllm, ~16, UCSD, La Jolla, 
CA 92093, or drop them by 
our office next door to the 
sometimes open ChC Cafe. 

We raerve t~ naht to edit 
aD letters. 

~-------------.-~~~~. ~. ~--------------
JOHN SHAW, Ediror In Ch;~1 

LARA MIHATA, Mona&ing £duor 
SETH SLATER, ,v" ·s Ed;for 
KELLV FLANIGAN, Opinion Ediw. 

J U LI E M UN RO, F.afUT" £difor 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Ed;for 
SABRINA YOUMANS, Am Editor 
CYNTHIA CAMP.ELI~ Associ." Am EdifOr 
LARRY WEINTRA UI, Mwic Edifor 
KATHLEEN DONAHUE, Photo Ed"n. 
LEESA LIGHT, Produrfjon Manag~, 
APRIL SMITH, Cop), Edifor 
RIC K FORD, Graphics Edifor 

[ AIC CHAZANKIN, Associate N~I,4's Editor 
DAVID WVNER, Assor;.f, N~. s Editor 
AU SAOIGH IA N, Anoci." Phofo Ed/fOr 

MICHAEL FO LKS, Ad" .. rtis lng Manag"r 
SHENDl DIAMOND. Business Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad"mising Dosigner 
JEFF SYMON, A~'riJ;ng Repr~s'mQliv~ 
JO PINC[K, Advrrtumg Reprr$enlalh'r 

Senior Se." Writifn: Annamane Beuerides. David Brooks. Peter 
Mes robion. Isa belle Tihanyi, Larry Weintraub 
St.1r Writ.,.: Vi ncent Andrade. Marti Aronovitt. Cynthia Chesy. 
Jilt Colley, Denise Dador. Amanda Oat now, R a ndy Dotinga . Susan 

Hylcn. Brian h ow. Kenneth Jensen . P.llY Jellie. Miles Kan. John 
Kearney, Ma rk Kenney, Jeff Lambeth. Adam Le,y. Lena Light. 
Philip MacGovern. Mike Martinez, Nancy Muntnt:f, Laura Proctor. 
Por.dl< Shantz. Wendy Steinle. Dennis Woo 
PIaotoaraplwn: Jill Babior. Susan Faulhaber. Peler Messrobian , 
Mich.ael Parnes, Wyatt Rosenla! , Ken Reinstein, Rilllas Uzgiris 
1U .... '.ton: Remy A,ancio. Janie Mandrason. Jeff Qi n. Jon R. 
Uyesak.a, Lois Yu, Alina Zorreno 
Ty .......... : Cynthil Campbell . Cynthia Cbesy, Roark Dority. Jeff 
Kile. Lara Mihal. , Catherine Seidel 
Copy Rullen: Randy Dotinp, Susan Gross. Eric Springer 
Production Crew: Marci Aronovilz, Nicok Bennett. Stacy Long-
street, Nancy Muntner. Arnie Nguyen, April Smith. Julie Sonntag. 
Jeff Yamaguchi 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thurs-
days during the academic year by and for the students of 
UCSD. Reproduction or use of this newspaper without per-
mission is strictly prohibited 0 1988. ali rights reserved . The 
Guardia" is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts or 
an. 

Views expressed in writing and in graphics do not neces-
sarily represent the opinions of The Guardian, the University 
of California nor the Associated Students of UCSD. 

The UCSO Guardian, B-OI6, La Jolla, CA 92893 
Editorl .. : (619) S:W-'580 
81111nea: (619) S:W-3466 

EVERYONE TALKS 
ABOUT CHANGING THE WORLD. 

THIS YEAR 
3150 PEOPLE WILL 
ACTUALLY DO IT. 

Not everyone is cut out to change the world . After all, it takes education, skills 
and a spare two years. 

Also a willingness to work. Hard . 
This year 3,750 Americans will join the Peace Corps to do just that. They'll do 

things like build roads, plant forests and crops, teach English, develop small businesses, 
train community health workers, or even coach basketball. However; what they'll be 
dOing isn't half as important as the fact that they'll be changing a little piece of the 
world . . . for the better. 

And when they return, these 3,750 Americans will find that experience doing 
hard work will have another benefit . Irs exactly what their next employers are 
looking for. 

So, give the Peace Corps your next two years. And while you're out changing 
the world, you'll also be making a place in it for yourself. 

ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS NEXT WEEK 
Wednesday & Thursday 

November 16 & 17 
Appointments & applications available 

at Career Services Center 
APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 

For more information call Peace Corps at (213) 209-7444 
extension 110 

The UCS D Guardian NEWS Thursday, November 10, 1988 7 

E II t I F . · N U C ' PI d Alkinson added that UCSD is already taking steps to oro men ncrease oreseen, ew s anne ar.'.!:-ipategrowthandfacilitate moothtransitionalchanges 
by recruiting quality faculty. 

B L LEAQ GR 0 high school seniors, an estimated 63,000 spaces must be "We're recruiting faculty as fast as we can," said Atkin-
y A . UE A created by 2(105. son. "The idea is to expand the facul ty at the same rate as 

Contributing Wmer According to Rick Malaspina, of the Office oflhe Presi- the student population." 

Anticipating a sharp increase in enrollment over the 
coming decades, University of California President David 
P. Gardner recently revealed a long-range plan that calls 
for the consideration of UC system-wide growth. Con-
struction of three new campuses and continued expansion 
of eight of the system's nine schools, including UCSD, has 
been released, preliminary estimates suggest that U C enrol-

dent of the University of California , sights for the three In addition to recruiting faculty , the UCSD expansion 
additional campuses have not yet been chosen, but pro- plan also calls for increased classroom space and the con-
jected growth rates for the existing campuses have been struction of enough on-campus housi ng to accomodate 50 
established and are currently being dealt with by each percent of the student population . Currently only 35 per-
individual campus. cent of students live on campus. 

All UC campuses aside from Berkeley should experience In order for this UC-wide expansion to occur, the UC's 

Although formal planning for the expansion has not yet 
been releasee . preliminary estimates suggest that UC enrol-
lment will jump to 217,000 by the year 2005, which would 
bring 20,000 more students into the UC system than the 
existing campuses could accommodate. 

population expansion over the next several years by the operating budget must be increased by about four percent 
following number of students: a year (nine percent if a five percent inflation rate is 

Davis (6,059), Irvine (11 , 125), Los Angeles (526), River- included). 
side (8,000), San Diego (9,831), San Francisco (426), Santa According to William B. Baker, UC vice p'resident for 
Barbara (2, 176), Santa Cruz (6,05 I) . budget and university relations, capital funding needs due 

In order to fulfill the University's ability to offer higher 
education to the top 12.5 percent of California's graduating 

UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson explained that to enrollment growth and additional campuses will average 
UCSD's projected expansion has been foreseen, as the UC S 189 million a year. With renovation and modernization 
initially indended for UCSD to grow to accommodate projects at current campuses, the total required capital 
about 27,000 students. package will be about $425 million a year. 

You're Invited to attend a 

CHAMPIONSHIP WEEKEND 
Thursday-Sunday Nov. 10-13 

NCAA Women's Volleyball West Regional' 

I 
i 
i 
i 
i 
i 
i! 
:: 
:: 
:: 
I 
i 

Thurs: Pomona-MIT, 5:00 PM; CSUSB-La Verne, 7:30 PM i 
Friday: Colorado College vs. CSUSB-La Verne Winner, 5:00 PM i 

Friday: UCSD vs. Pomona-Pitzer-MIT Winner, 7:30 PM I 
i Saturday: Regional Championship 7:30 PM 

All Matches in Triton Gymasium 

NCAA Men's Soccer National Quarterfinals 
UCSD VS. Emory University 
Sunday, Nov. 13, 1:00 PM I 

Warren Reid Ji 
------------_ ..... __ ...... ____ 11._-

Presents A Forum •.. 
HOW CAN SAN DIEGO 
PRESS BE IMPROVED? 

Guardian editors and members of the public will have the 
rare opportunity to ask questions on this theme to a panel of 
four distinguished San Diego print journalists including: 

• Robert Dorn - UC San Diego lecturer and 
freelance Journalist 

• Richard Kipling - Editor, San Diego County 
edition of the Los Angeles Times 

• Richard Louv - Author of critically acclaimed 
America II;columnlst for the nationally 
syndicated Copley Press 

• Marlbeth Mellin - Senior editor of San 
Diego Magazine 

An ooitOO transcript of the evening's discussion will be printoo in 
upcoming editions of the UCSD Guardian. 

TUES., NOV. 15 7:30 p.m.-9:30 p.m. 
Peterson Hall 108 

The public Is Invited - Admission Is free 

DEO GALLERY 
because: 

- We cater to students - No credit card necessary - No deposit 
necessary for qualified renters - Movies. video recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent - Huge selection of movies 

- STAND AND DEUVER - BILOXI BLUES 
- COLORS - COMING SOON: 
J MEN & A BABY - WILLOW 

We have the finest selection of foreign films in the coun/.V. 
-Bring This Ad 10 Renl One Movie-

and gel a second rental for FREE! 
--------------------------------

M:Jnday thru Thuf5day. Expires 11/17/88 

8843 VILLA LA JOLLA DR, 
RAlPH'S CENTER BETWEEN CROWN BOOKS AND OSCO 

I I I I I I 

troducing 
Two new calculators 

from Hewlett-Packard 
The HP-14B Business The HP-42S RPN 

Calculator Scientific calculator 

Students: 
. Make the most of your 

study time with this 
easy-to-use calculator. 

Power to handle all your 
tough problems. And it's 
the best one available 
for matrix and vector math! 

n. .... HEWLETT 
a..-r.. PACKARD 

Coming soon to the University Bookstore 
534-4291 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m . 
Closed Sundays and Holidays 



_8 Th_ursda
y

_. o \'em_hl!rlo_. 198 -F EAT U R E S----
_____________________________ ~vcro~~~------------______________ __ 

Temples, Restaurants and Farms Worldwide 

Lifestyles With Krishna Consciousness 
By JULIE SO TAG 
eOlllriblll ing H'rll er 

You may have een them 
parad ing along the sidewalks in 
d owntown La Jolla and Pacific 
Beach or playing odd illstruments 
by the gym tep and chanting 
" Hare Krishna ." Shaved heads. 
peach togas and vegetarian food 
are their trademarks. but few 
outsiders know who the Hare 
Krishna really are and why they 
a re on campus. 

Most people know of this reli-
gious group because their recruit-
ing tactics are so often questioned. 
I n fact. t hey are presently involved 
in a law uit concern ing these 
techniques. 

Robin George acc used the 
Krish na society of brai nwashing 
her In o rd er to get her to join their 
relig ion and li\ e in the temple. 
She won and the case is now in 
appea ls. The Hare Krishnas 
belie v e the chargers are 
unfounded , citing a maxim of 
common law that "he who con-
sents to an act is not wronged by 
it. " 

In any ase. the Hare Kri hnas 
are a very visible group in an 
Diego and at CSD. 

The Hare Krishna are member 
of the I nternational Society for 
K n h na Consciou nes (IS K-
CON) . Members of lSKCON 
come from all age and ethnic 
groups because there are lS K-
CON temples, restaurants and 
farms all over the world . 

In 1965 Bhaktivedanta Swami 
Prabhupada brought this reli-
gion, which is a recognized 
branch of Hinduism, to the 
United States from India. He 
died in 1977. after he had trans-
lated man boo ks from the 
a ncient Sanskrit text . which 
Krishna use as the guides for 
their religion . 

It was becau e of one of the e 
books that Valmiki Dasa became 
a Hare Krishna in 1982. At this 
time he wa a mu ician who 
believed in "creative agnosti-
cism." 

He was given a Krishna text in 
an airport. He read it and liked 
what it said. Soon after, he went 
to a Kri shna temple to see what it 
was about. 

Valmiki i now a devotee . He 
lives in a temple, wears a tradi-
tional saffron-colored robe and 
have his head . 

He explained that the saffron 
color signifies celibacy while 
white usually means marriage. 

Head shaving serves two pur-
poses. It is done for tradition as 
well as cleanliness. Women, how-
ever. don't shave their heads. 
Instead , they cover their hair. 

ot all member of lSKCON 
live in a temple and dress as he 
does . Valmiki compared himself 
to a priest a nd called other temple 
member the co ngregation. 

These members live normal 
lives, wear normal clothes and 
have normal jobs. They attend 
temple ervice during the week 
and on Sundays, ob erve the 
days of fasting, maintain a vege-
tariandietand follow the normal 
Krishna cu tom of rising at4 a. m. 
in order to chant. 

Man y of these people are 
UCS D students . 

There is a Hare Krishna club 
on campus called the Vedic 
Society. The president graduated 
last year and , as a result, Krishnas 

have not been as active on campus 
thi year. However, they plan to 
organize things soon and begin 
having their weekly meetings and 
vegetarian feasts once again. 

Hare Krishna customs are both 
traditional and modern . 

The facial paint, for example, 
is purely traditional and any Hare 
Krishna can wear it. Many also 
wear beads around their necks 
which they believe help them go 
to heaven. 

Program Stresses Safety They cite many reasons for being vegetarians. It is for modern reasons of health in the case of 
red meat. They also do not eat 
poultry or fish because they 
believe in reincarnation . 

By M. SCHNElDMAN 
Guardian Intern 

UCSD and its surrounding 
community are growing at a 
rapid rate; the construction of 
numerous buildings and the 
addition of several parking lots 
arc signs of an increasing 
population. Though all this 
growth will undoubtedly enrich 
campus life, one aspect directly 
endangered by the expansion 
is student safety. 

~Though the crime statistics 
at UCSo..how that the campus 
is overall a safe environment, it 
is imponant to realize that 
UCSD is not a peaceful little 

haven," said Nancy Wahlig, 
director of Student Safety 
Awareness Services. As a result, 
UCSD has taken various meas-
ures in an effort to improve 
student safety. . 

This year, Student Safety 
Awareness Services hal split 
offfrom legal services to form 
its own resource center. 

.. As the issues concerning 
student safety grew more com-
plicated, more attention was 
reuqired to focus on the issues. 
The only way to ensure this 
was to establish a iCparate 
office," Wahlig said. 

Problems and complaints 
concerning student safety are 
also voiced at the AU-Campua 

Are you considering projessiolUJl school? 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
JOHN F. KENNEDY 

SCHOOL OF GOVERNMENT 
Is looking/or Future Leaders in Public Affairs. 

Come learn about Harvard's Two-Year Master's Program in 
Public Policy, leading to either the Master in Public Policy or 
City and Regionoi Pionning Degree. 

JOINT DEGREE OPTIONS AND CROSS-REGISTRA-
TION OPPORTUNITIES WITH OTHER SCHOOLS 

MEET WITH A KENNEDY SCHOOL 
REPRESENTATIVE 

DATE: Wednesday, November 16 
TIME: 11:00 & 2:30 Group Sessions 

LOCATION: Please contact your Career Placement 
Office for this information. 

All Students, All Majors, All Years Welcome! 

I~----------~--------------------~ 

Commuter Board. The com-
mittee has worked on proposals 
to improve lighting at several 
locations on campus and to 
circulate information conc:ern-
ina the call boxes. 

One of the more immediate 
coucems focuses OIl the abICGQC 
of liJhting in the overflow 
parking lots. OritinaUy tbae 
lots were designed for overflow 
traffic during the day; however, 
more and more commutCII are 
finding that tbey arc retumiq 
to their can when it is dark. AI 
a result of many complaints, 
there are plans to iastallliJht-
ina systems in tbele lots. 

Another problelD of c:once:ra 
See SAFETY ..... 9' 

Every living creature is a 
spiritual being with a soul, ac-
cording to Krishna beliefs, so if 
you kill innocent animals you get 
bad karma. I n addition, they cite 
examples of environmental prob-
lems and food shortages which 
can be attributed to the use of 
animals for food. 

Waste from cows can reach 
toxic levels and has caused acid 
rain in some countries. Grain is 
wasted on animals, rather than 
being used to feed starving people 
because it takes 16 pounds of 
grain to produce only one pound 
of meat , Hare Krishna literature 
explains. 

The Hare Krishna live by a 

CLASSICAL STUDIES PROGRAM 
Course offerings for Winter I 1989 

CitJilitation of 5th and 4th C Athens 
Lit. Gen. 19B, course code 6493 

Classical studies 19B, course code 5537 
MWF 2.2:50, TLH 104. Dr. C. Chamberlain. Selections 
to be read from Herodotus, Thucydides, Sophocles, 
Euripides, Aristophanes, Plato, and Aristotle. 

The Ancient Epic 
Lit/ Gen 120, course code 6495 

MWF 1.1:50, EeON 100. Dr. A. Edwards. Six epics: 
Homer's Il iad and Odyssey, Apollonius' ATganaurica , VergH's 
Aeneid, the Babylonian Gilgamesn, and Beowulf. 

The Philosophy of Aristotle 
Phil. 102, coune code 7523 

T-Th 11:30-12:50, MAC 413. Dr. G Anagnostopoulos. 
Selections from the New Testament in Gret:k. 

Lit/ Gk 119, course code 6592 
MWF 12-12:50, HSS 1305, Dr. W. Fittgerald 

Confessions of St. Augustine in Latin 
Lit/ Lat 127, course code 6625 

MWF 2.2:50, TlH 902, Dr.}. Hemker. 
Grammar courses: Intermediate Greek and L1ttn , 

Drs. Wirshbo anJ Hemker 

few basic rules, according to 
Duradharsa, a devotee at the 
Pacific Beach temple. Theydon't 
believe in gambling, intoxication 
(including caffeine and nicotine) , 
eating meat or an illicit sex life. 

They believe when they give 
up these contaminaflts of the 
material world and take up 
chanting, dancing and feasting, 
they can reach a blissful state of 
self-realization. This is called 
Krishna consciousness. 

Valmiki compared Krishna 
consciousness with Western reli-
gions by describing the latter as 
spiritually naive. He explained 
that, although the Krishna believe 
in the teachings of Jesus and 
accept him as the son of God, 
this is just a small part of the 
Krishna religion. 

He further explained that 
Krishna beliefs predate Christian-
ity by 3,000 years and, therefore, 
incorporate many more ideas. In 
comparison with the Bible, they 
have a 30 volume collection of 
books depicting the history of 
God. 

Like most religions, ISKCON 
questions modern science. How-
ever, instead of citing Biblical 
examples or referring to ancient 
texts to disprove it , they have 
their own science division headed 
by Dr. Richard Thomas, who 
earned his Ph . D. at Cornell 
University. 

Valmiki thinks that knowledge 
about modern science is im-
portant because he says that 
science is a tool which can be 
very dangerou if mi used . 

Hare Krishnas examine scien-
tific information they feel i 
misused in order to draw their 
own conclusions. They question 
such things a evolution and the 
big bang theory and publish their 
new findings in a maga7inecalled: 
"Origins: H i~her Dimensions In 

See KRISHNA, pale 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

Promoting 
Safety 
Continued from pale 8 
is the absence of lights at the con-
truction sites around campus. The 
task force has suggested that the 
University include a clau e in any 
contract drawn up with a design 
and construction firm stipulating 
t hat the contractors provide tem-
porary lighting at the construc-
tion sites until the development 
has been completed. So far, this 
proposal has not yet been adopted , 
but the Commuter Board con-
tinues to push for its resolution . 

Lighting surveys and "walk 
arounds" are often completed in 
an attempt to improve student 
afety. In 1987, a lighting survey 

was conducted by a special task 
force comprised of representatives 
from Associated Students, Stu-
dent Safety Awareness, Rape 
Prevention, and Des:gn and Con-
truction. The force spent three 

months testing the lighting all 
over campu with a light meter. 

"The standard of lighting was 
better than expected," said Crime 

Molly Atexand.r I Guardian 
Nancy Wahlig encourages re -
porting suspicious things. 

Eighty-one cars have been tolen 
this year as of September, com-
pared with 41 cars last year atthat 
time. 

A survey completed as of 
October which began ill January 
of 1988 showed no I apes on 
campus. "These statistics are based 
on what is reported to the Police 
Department," Jenkins said . 

A growing probleM on college 
ca mpuses today is date rape and 
acq uaintance rape Since many 
people can't define sexual harass-
ment they often fail to report an 
incident or get counseling. 

"The consequences of sexual 
harassment are often time very 

FEATURES 

serious. Anybody that has been 
raped or sex ually a aulted may 
be ending out mixed messages, 
and, for this reason alone, it is real 
important to get counseling. If 
you don't want to report the 
incident to the police or to other 
source, by all means get help," 
Wahlig said . 

Many women who have been 
raped fail to report the occurrence 
because they feel they are to blame 
or they feel they might get their 

Krishna's 
Culture 
Continued from page 8 
Science. " 

This magazine. as well as a 
variety of other literat ure , is 
handed out to passersby, in order 
to inform them about ISKCON . 
This literature is free . 

When questioned as to where 

Thursday. November 10. 1988 9 

Hare Krishnas obtain funds for 
this, Valmiki responded that ll1e 
temple takes care of it. Hei mplied 
that the Krishnas use a process 
of donations, as is common in 
most religions. 

Despite some similarities with 
western religions, the K rishr.a 
Society suggests a non-religious 
view for understanding Krishna 
religion. They stress that Krishna 
co nscio usness is a science that 
requires intelligence to under-
stand. 

assa ila nt in t rou ble. Other ,--_____________ ___________ _ 
women don't say anything because 
they are afraid that other people 
will blame them for the rape and 
some do not want to face the 
stigma that is often attached to 
women who have been raped , 
explained Wahlig. 

If a person is raped or sexually 
assaulted, it is important that the 
victim know what to do and what 
options are available. The victim 
can talk with omeone at the 
Police Department, at Psycho-
logical Services, at Student Safety 
Awareness Services or even a 
friend. There is also a rape cri is 
center which runs a 24-hour 
hotline, 233-3088. No matter who 
they contact, it is important that 
rape victims tell someone, Wah lig 
emphasized. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa· La Jolla Dr. 

····S··U-·N'1~:··y··,··S·· 
P I Z Z A 
RESTAURANT 
STOP BY AND 
ENJOY YOUR 
FA JlORITE til 
ITALIAN DISHES 

Located at 7863 Girard 
(corner of Girard and Wall) 

Prevention Officer AI Jenkins of r----------------------------
the UCSD Police Department. 

FREE DEUVERY 
454-2822 

. ...................................................................... .. 

Lisa Cauble, a volunteer student 
staff member at the Women's 
Resource Center who came to 
UCSD in 1986, said, "The light-
ing system was horrendous. Sev-
eral people at the Women's Cen-
ter- complained about the inade-
quate lighting and have since 
witnessed improvements." 

"Although there are walk 
arounds a nd lighting surveys, 
many students feel the campus 
needs better lighting," said Dave 
Sheldon, a member of the Muir 
Commuter Council. Even though 
the University spends thousands 
of dollars a year on improved 
lighting, there are constraints 
which require Physical Plant 
Services to prioritize projects. As 
a result, certain areas of campus 
don't get the attention they de-
serve. 

Since the campus is not entirely 
safe nor crime-free, students are 
advised to learn to take an active 
role in protecting themselves. 

"Students are encouraged to 
avoid short cuts that are in dark, 
secluded areas. It is real important 
for people to always be fine-tuned 
to their environment and not grow 
lacksadaisical in taking care of 
themselves. I t is also important to 
report things that seem suspicious. 
Reporting crimes is an excellent 
method of prevention," Wahlig 
said. 

Although the University pro-
vides for student safety, it cannot 
ultimately be responsible for pro-
tecting its population. 

Prevention is the best form of 
protection . "It is crucial that 
everybody realizes that the call 
boxes on campus are available for 
help." Jenkins said. 

"Your situation does not have 
to be an emergency to use the call 
boxes . They are provided as a 
service to any person who feels 
help is needed." Jenkins added . 

One thing that people often fail 
to realize is that the call boxes can 
be used to call a Community 
Service Officer. The Crime Pre-
vention Center is working on 
distributing information that will 
alert people to the function of the 
call boxes. 

So, just how safe is UCSD? 
Statistics show that violent crime 
is relatively. low, but even so. the 
potential for cri me increases every 
year with the rapid growth of 
UC D. 

Currently, property crime, 
including auto theft, seem to be 
the biggest problem at UCSO. 

Students ... 
Make the Grade 
with 

AMERICAN SAVINGS' 
Interest-Earning 
Checking Account 
No minimum balance! 
Earn & 1/4% interest!* 

SPECIAL STUDENT OFFER ... 

* FREE 

* FREE 

of regular monthly service 
charges for one full year! 

first order of 200 
corporate style checks! 

* FREE 24-Hour Convenience Teller Card! 

Sign up today! 
This offer good for a limited time only. 
'Ralu$ SlIU,uc; t 10 t.hal1gu 

La Jolla 
7825 Fay Avenue, Suite #100 

Corner of Silverado Street - In San Diego 
(619) 456-3711 

AMERICAN SAVING8~ 
A FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION . ~~~ 



10 Thursdoy. November 10. 1988 

---
= 

. -: . . ". 

CA p\10L· EM! tfom ... 

... ... 

" ,' ,. 

~~ I?OO~ a A PORTABLE CD PLAYER AND A SlX·PACK OF CD'S! 
~m ~OO~ 0 A PORT ABLE CASSETTE PLAYER AND A SlX·PACK OF CASSETTES! 
~!lOO) ~m ' 
mroo rr>oom: 0 A SIX·PACK OF CD'S, CASSETTES, OR LP'S! 

AVAILABLE AT ~~@fNJlllEfP) Wfl~Wf1. 
ON CAMPUS IN THE 

UNIVERSITY STUDENT UNION 

----------------------------------------------------------------------NAME ________________________ ___ 

ADDRESS ______________________ _ 

PHONE' ______________________ __ 

m~1l! with purchase of one or more of these 
artists; an official ©MI~ ©OO1b~fR} frisbee. 

beach bel or cooler cupl 
(whltlUppllellllt) 

The UCS D Guardian 

~I 
Hey WARREN COMMUTERS' Softba lll Volley-
ball

' 

Sunl Funl Free food (all you can eal)1 This 
Salurday. Novembel 12. 11 -4 pm al MUIr 
PlaYing F,eld

' 

Don'l miSS Ihls oneil (11/10) 

51h College Commulers come 10 Ihe all -campus 
commuler BBO Sal Nov 12 from 11 -4 al MUir 
Field Sollball . volleyball. and food

' 
(11/ 10) 

All Greek Ski TJlp Pre-Party and Inlermahon 
Nighll November 17 al Pizzeria Uno In PacIfic 
Beach - belween Grand and Garnel on MISSion 
The feslivilies begin al 7 pm and go lill clos'ng' 
75¢ beer. $1 00 pizza slices_ Free ski lr1p 
draWing al lOp m. For more information call 
Team Greek 287-0138 (1211) 

All Greek blowout Soulh Tahoe Ski Tripi For all 
SDSU. UCSD and USD fraiernltles. soroflUes. 
and anyone who wanls 10 go Ski Heavenly and 
Kirkwood on President's Weekend February 
17 -20. 1989 S 199 00 3 days skiing, 3 nights 
lodging, ~ansportation. 1if1lickels a nil more ... GaU 
for more informal ion and registralion Team 
Greek office 287-0138 (1 2/ 1) 

Fralernlties and Sororitl8s - Team Greek is here 
10 hetp youl Team Greek IS a sales and 
promOlional company Ihal wants 10 help you 
with party Ihemes, innovallve rush ideas. and 
sponsorships. We will print all your shirts. 
lumblers. galssware. etc, for all your events. Gall 
us 287-0138 "We speak your language " (12/ 1) 

Come get your own Double-Double from the 
tn-N-Oul Trailer - Tomorrow. Peterson Hall 
Parking Lot. 11 -3. Sponsored by ZBT. (11/ 10) 

Speaker: Dr, Jim Skelly "Developments in the 
Far Easl." Monday, 11 /1 4/ 88 al8 p.m Pepper 
Ga nyon Lounge (11 / 14) 

R I.S.C·s Alt itude Adlustmenl Party IS this 
Saturday Nov. 12 (9-1 p.m.) In the Pub Live 
band "Lile In General." Frolhy refreshments: 
.50 glass. 2.50 pitcher. Tix al box office. 50¢ 
members, 52 non members (11 / 10) 

All Greek Ski Trip pre-party and Information 
nlghl' November 17 at Pizzeria Uno in Pacific 
Beach - between Grand and Garnel on MISSion. 
The fest lvilles begin al 7 and go till clOSing! 75¢ 
beer. $1.00 pizza slices. Free SkllrlP drawing at 
10 p.m. For more infOrmation call Team Greek 
287-0138 (1211) 

Al l Greek Blowout Soulh Tahoe Ski TrjpI For all 
SOSU. UCSO and USO fraternilies. soro"tles. 
and anyone who wanls to go. Ski Heaventy and 
Kirkwood on President 's Weekend. February 
17 -20. 1989 S 199.00 - 3 days skiing, 3 nighls 
lodging, Iransportalion. 11ft lrckets and more .Call 
for more Informalion and registration Team 
Greek Office. 287-0318. (1211) 

Oueslions concerning Ihe Price Cenler?> Meet 
Evan Weisenfeld. A.S. Univers"y Center Board 
Chair. Tuesday 7:30-10:00 a.m. In Warren's 
Provosl Conference Room at the 50¢ "all you 
can eat" commuter breakfas t! (11 / 14) 

51h Coltege Commulers come 10 the all campus 
commuter BBO. Sal. Nov. 12. Muir F",Id. (11 / 10) 

Attention 3rd Commulers: Barbeque this Satur-
day 11 / 4. Volleyball.soflballtoo!tt'sfree.(11110) 

$5/hr. lor partlcipalion in Vision e'penmenls. 
includes eye exam. You must be 30-79 years of 
age w"h no eye disease. For info call Dr. Pamela 
Sample. 452-89t 9. (1 1/ 21) 

"All vou can eal" breakfasl for lust 50¢ Tuesday 
II / IS from 7:30-1 0:00 a.m. at Warren's Provost 
Conference Room. Meet A.S. University Cenler 
Board Chair Evan Welsenfeld and become 
Informedl (1111 4) 

Wanted: 59 people. We'll pay you 10 lose up to 
29 Ibs_ in the next 30 days" Dr recommended 
100% natural 100~. guaranleed. Call Kalle 
565-8696. (11 / 28) 

Shalom everyone! Oneg Shabbat Friday 11 111 . 
7 p.m. MandeVille SUlle / Tloga Hall POTLUCK! 
Phone Tammy 558-7537. (11 / 10) 

Members of Ihe UCSD Ski Racing Team would 
like to than!< Ihe fotlowlng conl"bl.lers for therr 
support in this year's raffle: Mammoth MI Ski 
AssociatIOn. RI S C . Chart House T.G.1. Friday·s. 
Pat's Ski Shop. Coca-Cola, Cnr •• y Globs and 
others who helped prepare th.' Ircke" Thank 
you for your Intereslln helping OUr teo, ~wards 
making lhis a great 1988-89 season. (1 1/10) 

Revelle Commuters' Come and eat free burgers. 
play soflball. volteyball and meel commuters 
from all colleges. This Sat.. I f 14 in MUIr Field. 
Free food, lun games and people. (11 / 10) 

Muir Commuters: come to Muir Field thiS 
Salurday 11 / 4 for a BBQ, games. & funl 
(11/10) 

Salisfy lhat In-N-Oul urge lomorrow Pelerson 
hall parking lot 11 -3. (11 / 10) 

Mindy and Shannon, congralulalions on your 
Inrliallon! We are all happy tor you Love. all 01 
your Della Gamma slstersl (111 t 0) 

PI PhI's Jenny & Juhe -good luck With volleyball' 
reglonals and soccer nahonals!' Love. P B P 
(1 1/10) 

. 

Tired of the same routine night after nlOht? Have 
a Delt Tuck-In spice up your hte

' 
Reservalrons 

at Revelle Plaza or Warren thiS week (1 1/10) 

CLASSIFIEDS 

On u.q,'1.1• 
\~~<>. Campus 

Friday 
November 11 

11:00-3:00 
Peterson Hall Parking Lot 

Hamburgers 
Cheeseburgers 

Double Doubles 
Soft Drinks 

Buy food tickets at Revelle Plaza and Muir 
Quad from 10:00-2:00 Today, and from 10:00-

2:30 on Friday at the Sun God 

Sponsored by Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity 

Thursday. November 10. 1988 II 

"SWEAT WITH THE BEST" 

HIGH ENERGY AEROBIC WORKOUTS 
• Several classes daily • No contracts 
• Certified instructors • Pay per workout or per month 
• High & low impact classes • Babysitting available 
• Floating suspended wood floor • Full locker room facilities 
• Fitness and nutrition counseling. Exercise physiologist on staff 

OPEN TO THE PUBLIC - fiRST VISIT FREE 
M. Larry Lawrence Jewish Community Center 

41 26 Executive Dr. 
(Located between 1-5 & 1-805 North of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

For class schedule and prices call 457-3030 
(For further details contact Ken Rosenthal. Aerobics Director) 

data 
systems 

SAVES YOU $$$$$ 
FACTORY DIRECT PURCHASING 

Discounts up to 50% 
#1 IN LAPTOP COMPUTER SALES 
Over 40% of Total Market Share 

SUPER FAST, ZERO WAIT STATE COMPUTERS 
Over $1.3 Billion in PC Sales dwing 1987 

UCSD STUDENT/FACULTY/STAFF PRICES 

Laptop - Take it Anywhere 
10-Mb Hard Disk 

Buil,-in Modtm 
o..tacltable &II..,y PaC' 

640K RAM 
MS-DOS includtd 

Dual Floppy Model 

Eazy PC 
Perfect lor your Desk 

Only 27 pounds 
Monocltrom~ Monilor included 

MS-DOS, DOS manag~r. 
&sic includf!d 

Dual Floppy Mod~1 

20 Mb Hard Disk Model 

CALL 673-0898 

Super Advanced 386 
Fast 16 MHz 

1MB RA M eXJHJndDb/~ 10 16 Mb 
40 Mb Hard Disk 

(18 MS Acctss) 

Wilh flat screen 
VGA Color Monitor 

Moster/ Visa Card Accepted 



1_2 __ Th_Un_~_)'. _~_vem_b_er _JO'_J9_88 __________ ~ _____ J>~~~~~~ ___ ~ __ . ______________________ __ 
Women's Volleyball 
Hosts West Regional 

Men's Soccer Faces Emory University 

Quarterfinals Here Sunday 
By JORDAN O. KAR UBIAN 
Contributiltt Writ~, 

We have a sports dynasty in the matilll here at UCSD. You 
say you're not aware of it? Well, the women's volleyball team is 
once apin vyin, for the Division III National Championship, an 
event that in recent yean has become as much a part of fall as the 
turning of leaves. 

If successful in their quest for a third straiibt national title, the 
Tritons will become the first volleyball team at IIny level to win 
five crowns. The path to victory for UCSD begins right here in 
the Triton Pavilion Fridav. when the top-seeded Tritons face the 
Winner of Thursday night's matchup between Pomona-Pitzer 
and M.l.T. on Friday at 7:30 p.m. p .m. 

UCSD is the top seed in the six-team tournament, but the 
competition is guaranteed to be fierce. 

"Every team comes in zero and zero; anybody can win," Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik said .. 

La Verne, the team which broke the Tritons' 43-game win 
streak over Division III teams in October; Pomona-Pitzer, a 
well-coached squad featuring impressive individual talent; and 
Colorado College, which boasts Kathy Costello who is possibly 
the top offensive player in the tournament, all have legitimate 
shots at taking the West. 

The outcome ofthis tournament is up in the air, but Dannevik 
and his squad are feeling confident. This year's team i. youn" 
but it has overcome the absence of any returnilll All-Americans 
with hard work, which has led to excellence in defense, blocld .... 
and passing. 

Dannevik, consequently. is proud of his team which he 
dubbed '"the most fun and responsive ever," and expectations fOI 
this weekend and perhaps beyond are runnina hi&h. 

The squad has been "runnina the offense better than it has all 
year long," Dannevik pointed out, regardil18 his team's recent 
performance. "Defense has been steady and blocking has been 
fantastic." Dannevik went so far as to call this year '"the most 
rewarding year ever coaching. " 

The Tritons have struggled somewhat to become the top seed 
in the West Regionals, but the biggest challenges still lie ahead. 
This weekend promises to offer some of the best volleyball seen 
here in a long time. UCSD, according to Dannevik. is '"the best 
volleyball school. Over UCLA. Over SDSU. Over anybody." 

On Thurday, Nov. 10, Pomona-Pitzer (17-7) will meet M.I. T. 
(32-6) in a 5 p.m. match, which will be followed by a 7:30 p.m. 

See W. SOCCER, pace 13 

By PHIL GR UEN 
Sports Editor 

An undefeated record can do 
many things for a team. For one, 
it can scare the living daylights 
out of an opponent. and for 
another, it can reward a team 
with certain advantages when 
post-sea on time comes around 
- such as the home field ad-
vantage . 

Whether or not the Emory 
University men's soccer team 
appears frightened by UCSD's 
20-0-2 record is impossible to tell 
at this particular juncture, but 
UCSD certainly has the home 
field adva ntage Sunday afternoon 
when the Tritons host Emory in 
a I p.m. NCAA Quarterfinal 
matchup. The winner of the game 
will advance to the NCAA Div-
ision III National Champion-
ships, to be held Nov. 19-20 on 
the campus of one of the four 
participating teams. 

The Tritons, fresh off two solid 
victories in Regional action last 
weekend over both Macalester 
College and' Cal State Stanis-
laus, will now tangle with the 14-
4-3 Eagles from the academically-
oriented liberal arts school of 
Atlanta. Emory earned the right 
to face UCSD when it upset both 
nationally sixth-ranked Bethany 
College of West Virginia and 

orth Carolina Wesleyan in the 
South Regional Tournament last 
weekend . The Eagles were ranked 
fourth among the four teams 
that were competing in their 
Regional , and they head into 
Sunday's contest undou btedly as 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Action ... 

What 
Fencing (M & W) 
Rugby 
Soccer (W) 
Soccer (M) 
Volleyball (W) 
Water polo (M) 

Who Wh~ 
UCLA & Long Beach St. (at L.B.)Nov. 12 
UCLA Nov. 12 
Ithaca College Nov. 12 
EMORY UNIVERSITY Nov. 13 
POMONA-PITZER or M.I.T. Nov. 11 
OCCIDENTAL (at Air Force) Nov. ]] 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

11 :00 a.m. 
6:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
TBA 

saCU'lblanl Guardian 
Mike Bradley (2). here in action against Occidental Saturday, has 
been an integral part of the Triton defense which has recorded 16 
shutouts this season, 

heavy underdogs. This. however, 
does not seem to have any effect 

, on Triton Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong. 

"We're . not doing anything 
differently to prepare for this game 
than we have for any other game," 
Armstrong pointed out. "We're 
ju t going to keep doing what 
we've been doing." 

Evidently, whatever he has 

been doing has worked . This 
year's Tritons have recorded an 
astounding J 6 shutouts, and their 
20 wins are one victory shy ofthe 
school record of 21 , set three 
years back in 1985, when the 
Tritons reached the Quarterfinals 
but fell to Washington University 
of St. Louis. 

See M. SOCCER, pale 14 

Women's Soccer Heading 
to Nationals in the East 

By MOLLY McKAY 
Siaff Writer 

The undefeated women's soccer 
team may be feeling the heat as it 
attempts to capture its first ever 
National Championship this week-
end - but the heat will certainly 
not come from the weather. Even 
though the Tritons managed to 
brave the freezing temperatures in 
the Regionals last weekend in 
Minnesota, they get no break as 
far as the weather is concerned 
when they head to perhaps colder 
temperatures in New York for the 

ational Tournament beginning 
Saturday. 

The battle for the NCAA Div-
ision III National Championships 
begins with UCSD playing Ithaca 
College of New York, and Wil-
liam Smith quaring off against 

Methodist of North Carolina. The 
tournament will be held at Wil-
liam Smith College in Geneva, 
New York this Saturday and 
Sunday, Nov. 12- 13. 

In last weekend's West Regional 
Tournament hosted by the Col-
lege of St. Thomas in St. Paul, 
Minnesota, the Tritons melted 
the icy atmosphere, four inches of 
snow, and 30 degree temperatures 
with sunny San Diego warmth 
and consequently combined 
back-to-back shutouts over SI. 
Thomas and Cortland State to 
advance to the Nationals. 

Shutouts are nothing new to 
this team. The Regional wins 
merely added two notches, the 
16th and 17th, in the team's shin 
guards. UCSD has now outscored 
its oppone nts 74-6 during the 
1988 campaign . 

See V-BALL, pale 13 

• 
! ~ m . /.I~l)()i1/::~m 

M" O"'O' o· 
4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 

(next to Penguin's) 452-9222 
A Nice Place to Eat and Relax 
IL..~.!! ~ ~~ -_~ ~-_~!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~~-_!!! __ 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~ at Reasonable Prices 
II 
I I 
II 
I I 
I I 
I I 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 

Limit one coupon per 
customer. per Visit Please 
present coupon when 
ordering Not valid With 
any other offer 

Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh valu.: II 1/ 20011 c..,t 
II 
~{.{UV!V; 'Just $1 99 11 

(plus tox) II 

~ ~thru ~ o.c. 31 . 1911 
_iii ii_ii iii. 

Only at: II 
7140 MIramar Rd.@ sanDI~ 

1237 PrOtpect "N\ '" 
La Jolla ,_~ 

_iiiiiiiii.iiiiiiiiiiii. 

• Lunch Specials . Qual ity Meats . Soups. Lasagne, Quiche . Free Parking 
• Great Salads . Na c hos & Draft Beer . Super Hot Dogs . Free Delivery w/ min . 

--I I I 
I I I 
I SUPER SANDWICHES I Buy olte .altdlll;ch - tile 8ecolld I 
I SUPER HOT DDGSI I .alldlllic" 01 equal or 1e.8er I 
I Buy olle .andlllic" - tile .ecoltd I value i8 FREEl plu. FREE .0/' I 
I .altdlllic" 01 equal or le .. er I drink 1II;,h any order. Good all I 

value i. FREEl I I day Sa'urday I NOI valid Wllh Olh(', coupons I I I 1 coupon per cuSlomer Good Mon F" 2·5 pm 1 coupon per CUSlom r 
I Sal All DAY Ih,u November 24 1988 I Good Ihru No,ember 24 198€ I 

~--------------------------------. 

FREE SANDWICH SATUHDA Y SPECIAL 

The UCSD Guardian 

V-Ball 
ContInued from pale 11 
match-up featuring Cal State San 
Bernardino (20-17)and the Univer-
ity of La Verne (23-1 1). Friday's 

action will also begin at 5 p.m. 
with a match between Colorado 
College (14-8) and the winner of 
the CSUSB-La Verne match. At 
7:30, UCSD (30-8) will meet the 
winner of the Pomona-Pitzer-
M.l.T. game. The Regional Cham-
pionship will be held Saturday 
at 7:30 p.m., the winner of which 
will proceed on to the NCAA 
Division III National Champion-
ships. 

SPORTS 

.... 010 by 

w. Soccer 
ContInued from pale 12 

At 10 a.m. EST on Saturday, 
William Smith College (16-1 - 1) 
will face Methodist College 
(15-3-1) from North Carolina . 
That game will be followed by a 
noon showdown between UC San 
Diego (19..Q-2) and Ithaca College 
( 13-5-3). 

Thursda),. November 10. /988 13 

zoo 2-1 to advance to the National 
Championships. 

"We have come together as a 
successful unit ... we feel this is 
our year," Head Coach Brian 
McManus said Tuesday. "They 
(the women) have played a great 
season, and I have confidence 
they will becoming home with the 
National Championship." 

Sailing Places Second 
in Championships 

This year's Tritons are not quite 
as talented overall as last year's 
31-4 squad, but nevertheless have 
performed excellently in what was 
considered to be somewhat of a 
rebuilding year. 

The snow (background) led to extremely muddy conditions on lhe 
field as the Tritons (dark uniforms) captured the West Regional in 
Minnesota last weekend . UCSD is currently 19-0-2, and including 
last weekend 's 3-0 and 2-0 victories over Sl. Thomas College and 
Cortland State. respectively, the Tritons have compiled an astounding 
1 7 shutouts this year. 

Ithaca advanced to the national 
semifinals by winning its first 
round game by a J..Q score over 
Brandeis, as well as upsetting top-
seeded and nationally ranked 
Plymouth State, 2..Q. William 
Smith, ranked number one for 
most of the 1988 season, cruised 
past Alfred College 6-0 in the first 
round, and downed Hartwick 2-1 
in the Regional Finals. Methodist 
defeated North Carolina Wesleyan 
3-1 before knocking off Kalama-

The UCSD men's sailing team 
captured second place at last 
weekend's Pacific Coas~ Sloop 
Championships, barely losing to 
overall winner Stanford. The team 
sailed a Moore 24' class sloop at 
the event. which was held in Santa 
Cruz. UCSD's crew consisted of 
Ron Rosenberg (skipper), Chris 
Redman, Wayne Zittel , and John 
Sterman. 

rp:===::.- ••• u~u ====;'1 ...... "~ 
COLLEGE 

GRADUATES-
AIM HIGH. 

Get your career off 
to a flying start! 

Attend Air Force Officer 
Training School, 

earn a commission 
and begin a rewarding career. 
The Air Force offers you good 
pay, complete medical care 

and much more. Call 

819-292-8882 COLLECT 

: 20°/0 OFF~~~~Studenls, : I It faculty and staJr I 
I SPICE UP YOUR LIFE - I 
: We Specialize in Tandoori dishes, mild to hoi : 
I spicy curries and delicious Biryanies I 
I "EruU~"'Jood ""d s~'vic~" - Ramola Mahajani. Corporatl! Manager I Ta} Group of Hotels. Bombay India 
I 8008 Girard Avenue, 2nd noor Lund. - II :.'11 -2:.'" Dinner - :dU-9:.'0 I 
I corner of tower Girard and Prospect 454.6263 I I Open Seven Days I 
L · Excluding F,i .. Sat . A Holidays PIHs~ p,...,IfI "'"".,.. wlwft or.,.. .. 
-----------------------

IMPORTANT 
NOTICE: 

The Golden 1 Credit Union, the first credit union founded to serve state employees. 
Because of its size, currently 620 million dollars in assets, The Golden 1 has the resources to 
offer what some others cannot. The low rates on loans and the high rates offered on savings 
will surprise and delight you, Plus, you have the convenience of automatic payroll deduction. 
Interested? 

CAN WE TALK? 
Golden 1 financial services are as close as your telephone. The Statewide Service Center 
provides toll,free telephone service Monday through Friday from 8 AM until 5 PM. 
Golden 1 Telephone Representatives can open accounts, take loan applications, and answer 
any questions you may have about credit union services . 

CAdll~3~776 
WHO CAN JOIN? Membership in The Golden 1 Credit Union is open to faculty, 
employees and students of the University of California, San Diego and members of their 
families. 
CALL TODAY. We'll mail you a membership packet the same day we receive your call. 

5JN(~ 
S ... STEM * [)( I"lOIU. (QUAl""" LENDER 



.. 

14 Thursday, November 10, 1988 

STA TE FUNDED 
MOTORCYCLE 

RIDING 
v,IR_lI.£. COURSE 

ENDS DEC. /3 

$45.00 
(under 25) 

• Motorcycles & Helmets 
Pro~ided 

• 17 Hours of Instruct ion 
• Class 4 License 
• Insurance Discounts 
• Limited Enrollment 

Academy of 
Motorcycle Training 

569-4255 

• 
A UTO 

INS URANCE. 
Need not br rxprnsivr 

Special College 
Student Program 
CALL lJS FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

10"'It' r/.· QuA Leuf /11.\ . 
3838 Camino 

HOUSf or 
AfRIKA 

IMPORTS 
• Jqgae 
ReconIs . Tapes· (D'S 
• T·Shlrts • IIuttons 
• Jewelry • NHkan 
Imports · 1ncen5e 

' J T-Shirt 
"Jfllltq 00II0£ Drutr 

call the ReggM! l10tline 
for Concerts 

355 1'1. Highway 101 
Solana Beach, CA 92075 
(619)259-0803 Imported by Barton Beers. Lid 

• 

SPORTS 

.... '," k;r3~~ .. I,~G s\ ~'J ,: >-- 1 sG'-" C-r-f:, ~ _J ~~ O~ -l ~ ~) ~-r-~ ~~~ ~~~ / ~i' ~ \::~..a:r;, 
THE INTERFAITH STUDENT COUNCIL 

AT UCSD 
INVITES THE UNIVERSITY COMMUNITY 

TO 
A UNIQUE EVENT 

AN INTERFAITH THANKSGIVING 
SERVICE AND DINNER 

Meet othe rs of differe nt f .. lth . .. nd enjoy .. delicious veset ... l.n me .. l. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 6:30 PM 
INTERNA TIONAL CENTER LOUNGE 

$2 fee will go ta help the s.n Diego homeless community 
"I •• IIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIII"I.I.I ...... ,. 

Sponsoring Org.nintions: 
UCSD Office o f Religious Affilirs Union of Jewish Students 

United Cilmpus Ministry ilt UCSD 

,------ -
Ciltholic Community ilt 

UCSD 

The UCS D Guardian 

M. Soccer 
Continued from pale 12 

Whe n asked 10 compare this 
year's squad wit h t he squad of 
three years past , Ar mst ro ng 
q uickly gave the edge to the '85 
tea m in t he scoring department, 
but nevertheless lauded t his year's 
defense a nd the overall perfo r-
ma nce of the player coming off 
the be nch. 

T ho ugh t he ho me field ca n 
only be advantageous to the 
T rito ns in terms of crowd prefer-
ence, the ave rage size o f the 
crowd was surp ris ingly low for 
la s t weekend 's R egio na ls a t 
UCS D . Armstrong stressed t hat 
a great deal o f fa n support is c ru-
cial, a nd described last weekend's 
average cro wd size as "very 
disappointing, " 

O nce again, NCAA Regula-
t ions have set the ticket pr ices for 
Sund ay's I p.m , matchup at $4 
for ad ults, $2 for stud ents wi th 
J.D" a nd $1 for child ren under 
12, 

",,-I _F~_T_PAJ_C_K--.lI-~ 

\,., . 

Speak Span.sh Tolal .mmerSlon program. 
Esl ablished 1960. Cuernavaci Language 
School.Apdo. 4·254 62430 Cuernav8ca, MexICO 
(73) 15-46-43. (5/ 8) 

Is malh or science l urning you inlo a slress 
case? Come 10 a prohlable and highy advan· 
tageous workshop on How To Study Math and 
Science. Sponsored by OASIS Reading and 
Study Skills. If you are unable 10 _nend, come to 
H / UL 1058 or call 534-3760 for a personal 
appointmenl whh a tulor. Localion: TLH 109, 
Time. 10- 11 am. Dale' Nov. 15 (11/1 4) 

Do you have what It takes 10 manage your own 
bUSiness? Manage one and earn S6-10,000 
dUring your summet' vacallon. For an appllCa· 
tion call D. Brown at Siudeni Palnlers tnc. 1-
800·426·6441 (11 / 17) 

Shalom evef'(onel Oneg ShabbatFriday 11 / 11. 
7 p.m, Mandeville SuilelTioga Hall POTLUCK! 
Phone Tammy 558·7537. (11/ 10) 

Third College is now accepting applicalions lor 
Peer I\dvlsor posilions. Apply al Academic 
AdviSing Office. (t 1/ 1 0) 

The UCSO United Campus Minislry Annual 
Benef11 Dinner WIll presenl liS Third Annual 
World Community Day Award to San Diego 
Padre inhelder Tim Flannery on Dec 81h allhe 
La Jofta Maroon. Join us in honOring Tim, cos! of 
event: S60 single / $ l oo couple. Informalion/-
Reservalions call 4·2521 . (11 / 10) 

WORD PROCESStNG, Student Rates, 7 days a 
week. Excellent English Skills 755-2683. (11/28) 

Searching for ways 10 reduce stress and / or 
increase phYSical/mental slamlna? Call 436-
6476 anyitime. (11/ 14) 

Tutoring - A proven melhod towards bener 
grades. All subjeclS. Reasonable rales Info/ 
Appl., caM Jennifer 755·2669. (1/12) 

Student typing. Fast and effiC ient IBM wllaser 
prlnler $2.00 / DS page-- lnput·Outpul (Mira 
Mesa) 530-0470. (1211) 

LET MY FtNGERS DO THE TYPING. Profes-
sionat word processing. laser printer. Excellenl 
copy editing skills. I'll make you look good, Call 
Tamml482-8763 (11/28) 

TYPING-Thesis. Ph,D s, MAs, Term. All formals. 
Rush jobs-MARIE, 93t -9596. (1 t /26) 

Typing/ word processing· Low cost term papers, 
Iheses, resumes High qualily laser prinl lng. 
Nadine 578-0496. (12 / 1) 

Word Processlng / TYPIIlQ - IBM MaCintosh 
syslems, APA available - rush jobs speCialty. 
Burke Secretarial· Claire mont 274·6305. (1211 ) 

VCR, STEREO repair. Free eSilmates! Next 10 
UCSD. Weekends OKI Call' Compuflx 535· 
0930 (12/1) 

Is Ihere anyone oul there who could use a 
volunteer. ASL Inlerpreler-.n-Iralnlng? I'd like 10 
interprel Ihe Mass lor a UCSD deal Calhollc. 
Please call Ellen at 278-8972 or 534- 1414 
(t 1110) 

Fralernrlies and sorOrilles - Team Greek IS here 
to help youl Team Greek IS a sales and 
promotional company that wants 10 help you 
wllh party Ihemes, InnovallVe ruSh odeas, and 
sponsorships We w~1 print all your shirts. 
lumblers. glassware, etc lor all your events Call 
us 287·0 ' 38 "We Speak Your Language," 
(12/1) 

Need help wllh yoU! paper? Wriling lulorlal. 
edl1lng, grammar. SlruClure. ideas Reasonable' 
Paper Aid, 438·9522. ( t t / 17) 

Resumes, will organize, desklop publish and 
laser PMI $15.00. Can Danielle 552-8091. 
(11 1'4) 
TYPING' Term papers to resumes / rush lobS/ all 
ediling Included free. 453-0656 or 560-8171 
(leave message), (1 t / 28) 

R.t ,S.C: s Atlitude Adjustment Party is Ihls 
Salurday Nov. 12 (9 . 1 p m.) In the Pub. Live 
band. "Life In General." Frothy relreshmenls. 
.50 glass and $2.50 for a pilcher. Tix al box 
off.ce 50¢ members, $2.00 non members. 
( 11 110) 

Gel paid 10 talk: Work lor lhe UCSD FundralSing 
Campaign as a Telemarkellng Represenlative. 
Earn $5·10 per hour contacting our alumni. 
Flexible evening hours in our on-campus oItlce. 
Call 587 -1589 for more information. (t I 117) 

Enhance your resume and your bank account: 
GaIn valuable communication experience work-
Ing for Ihe UCSO Fundraising Campaign Earn 
$5-10 per hour contacllng alumni Flexible 
evening hours In our on·campus office .Call 
587-1589 for more informalion (11/10) 

Help Wanted: $9.75 slartlng rate. Nallonat relall 
chain has 20 opentngs, Call 565· 15339-3 P m 
(12/1) 

Telemarket'" reat eSlate.$5 per hour plus $500 
bonus. Walk to campus. Set your own hours. NO 
seHing, Set appoinlmeniS only. 2-20 hours per 
week. Call Rick 535· 1645. (11 117) 

Earn $500.00 al UCSD Medical Cenler particl ' 
patlng in Asthma Research. ASlhmalics only! 
543·5414. ( 11 114) 

STUDENTS! Make $200 in one minute. Do you 
know someone shopp.ng for a new car? Tell me 
and earn $200 upon sale We can setl or lease 
any make or model Caliloday Tim Flannery, 
Student Sales Representative, General Aulo of 
San D1890. 556·8109 (t2 / t ) 

Bored homemakers . good pay answering 
phones after hours for local business. Immediate 
openings. 456-0388. (1' / '0) 

COMPUTER REPAIR. upgrading PC & Mac · 
intOSh. Low rates, free estimates, '00 day 
warranty. Next 10 UCSD Weekends OKI Call: 
Compufix 535-0930. (12/1 ) 

Room for rent Genessee Highlands. S3OO/mo 
+' /' ul lhl ,8S PooI / j8cuZZI. close to school. Call 
Madonna 587·3663. (II/ t O) 

Female roommate wanled, non-smoker Own 
room in fully furnished apartment Close 10 
campus. Laundry. swimming pool 5337 50/· 
month. Avatiable January 1. 1989 Call Jennifer 
al 558-1387 (11114) 
Female roommate wanted for wmter quarter 
ontyl Single room Genesse Highlands. $300/-
monlh +' I' ulilities. Furnoshed. I y, balhs. WI D, 2 
really cool roommates Call Dana, Dawn or 
Wendy ASAPI 558-t964 (11 117) 

tOO secs from campus, by blke
' 
Close, cheap, 

and beautiful. Masler bdrm, w / balh. $440. or 
bring In roommaie for 5270 ea Share nice 
house w/ 3 olher Sludents 546·8273 (t t / 11) 

~~ was getting jealous ot oa the 
new looks in perms trom LODdoD • 
So he grabbed a jet and headed 
home to LODdoD to-D to check 
them out. and zoomed back to San 
Diego with stitcases f\j of the latest \' ... 
teclYliques and ideas. So now you ~ - - -

House to share t / t 169 Respons.ble profes-
sional lemals 10 share wllh 1 profess lemale 
Oulet 3 BR FurnIshed (2 m.les from UCSD) 
garage. large backyard. very sale area Renl 
$425 +v, uilis Monlh 10 month lease. call Sunny 
home 272·5455. Work: 453·7500 ext 3423 
(1t 114) 

Room lor renl $350 . modern, cozy. clean 
condominium Available Nov t51h or Dec Two 
sleps Irom UCSD Medical Cenler. Free campus 
shunle every V, hour. Phone Patricia or Jason 
295-2024 (11/10) 

4 b. 2 b house T OIal of two persons In house. 
Fireplace. w&d, walk 10 MISSion Bay Park. M or 
F, 10 minutes 10 UCSD S350. call Laura 276-
24 10. (11 / 10) 

Share room $228 / mo +1 I ' utililles. Near Vons, 
wi d + pool CaN Lori 457·0208. (11 / 21) 

$300 a day! Taking phone orders. People call 
you! 632-6676 (11 / 14) 
Good money, flex.ble hours Telemarketers 
needed 10 selappls. No sales. Close 10 UCSD 
Ca ll Dani 443·8770 (11/17) 

Graduale Sludent·Marketlng Asst 20-25 hours-
/ wk. markeling locat doclor. call 469·3500 for 
apol. (11 110) 

Excellent pay lor fit. allracllve men & women 
Ilgure models. Inlernallonally known phOIO' 
graphic artists work tastefully Wllh Ihe human 
form In light & shadow creating museum I gallery 
editions In archival B/ W. lntervlew/ Vlew portfolIO 
at La Jolla Gallery Studio by appointmenl 454-
9415, (11 / 17) 
Represenlatives. one Irom each fralernlty and 
sororily, 10 promote an all-Greek UCSD. SDSU, 
USD $l<llrlp. L.llle work. exira cash. lree trip. Call 
lor delails , Team Greek Olflce 287 -01 36 
(11 / 10) 

Enthuslasllc Third College sludenls 10 be Peer 
Advisors lor summer Orlentallon 89 Apply now! 
(11/10) 

Rqcquelball partner for weekly matches. High 
C/low B. Call Chris Ferguson, x4t209 or 486· 
0934, (11 / 14) 

Slart your own bUSiness for $75,00 Revolullon -
ary new produci needed by every home, 
bUSiness, vehicle, and boat Stx frgure Income 
poSSible Call Derrick WalkinS 546-9072. Slu· 
dents welcomed! (1 t / 1 0) 

General offIce help. Part-lime, accounllng or 
bUSiness malor prelerred Musllype, compuler 
experoence helpful Walk from UCSO. Call Linda 
453·8770 (11/ 10) 

I 
69 EI Camino Aecenl body / paint, new !Ires, 
carb, intake manifold. 350 cu In .. exc. cond .. 
strong runner. $3300 / 0I1er Seth. 552·6774. 
(It / 10) 

Furnllure for sale Sofa, tovesea!. and rocker 
(SI to), Dining room sel (SI20). chesl of drawers 
($20), or $230 lor all Jon 587·2636 (111 to) 

Why buy a scooter when you can buy a 
Yamaha 400 Seca. only 6,300 miles $750 
helmellncluded.259·3807 Ask for Lynn. (12 I I) 

FORD FIESTA. t978, for sale only $450 Call 
Phil 679-8260 (eves) or 233-8313(days) (12/ t ) 

79 MGB. new engine. new ores, overdrive 
Excellent cond,llOn. blue. convertible $2.800 
obo Ann 274- 1032. (11 / t 0) 

Honda Aero-50 t 985 Excellent condition 
Perfeclfor school C<wer Helmet Incl Black / red 
$42500 obo Call weekends 455·1583 or leave 
message Weeknrghls call collecl 818·965 · 
0116 (11110) 

WetsUl!. VlClory 3·2 part smoolhle, double-
stitched seams. very warm, medium· large, 
almosl new 792-6958 (11114) 

Two BSR 153 speakers wilh speaker slands 
and cords Xlnl. cond , $100 Call 753·9001 
(11110) 

Oueen sIZe mattress w/ box sprIngS, Inc SheeIS, 
$140. also speakers, 3-way, '25 w~l1s /side. 
PaCIfic Siudio Monitor For either call Alex at 
792-1696 (11110) 

1964 Chevy Nova. 6 cyt. 4 dr , good int.. needs 
pain!. very dependable $600. Alex aI792· 1698. 
(11 /1 4) 

'82 750 Kawasaki Malnlenance manual and all 
records. Runs greal $700 or best. 695-3507 
(11 / 10) 

'76 MG Mldgel Malnlenance manuat and all 
records. Runs good, $1300 or besl 695·3507. 
(1l/tO) 

Honda Aero·50 1985. Excellent condilion Greal 
transportalion. Cover. Helmet Incl. If deSired 
Black/ red $42500 or best oller Call 455- 1583 
weekends or leave mess. Weeknights 618-965-
01t6 collect (11 / 10) 

,AIO,'some parly - Larry and dudes . Happy 21 
MIke' We'lI have to have a beer - Love. sister 

Al1ent.on 3rd commulers LeI's eat
' 

Saturday 
Nov. t 21rom It -4 at MUir PlaYing Field. (1 t / 10) 

Thursday, Novem ber 10. 1988 15 

Interested In inlernational affairs? JOIn the 
InlernatlOnal AHalrs Group (lAG), lAG organizes 
speakers, panel dIscussion, debales. Weekly 
meetings: Mondays 7 15 p.m in the Pepper 
Canyon Lodge OuesllOns? Call Doming' 558· 
1714 (11 /1 4) 

Sovlel·American Peace Walk. partICipants from 
Ihe summer 1986 walk through Ihe U.S S.R. WIll 
provide a slide presentalion and Information on 
next summer's walk Sunday Nov 13th 8 p.m . • n 
the new Inlernalional House Cafe In Pepper 
Canyon Api Complex. For .nlo. caN 558-8133 
(11/10) 

Do you have Saturday finals? II you dO and you 
need plane tickets 10 SFO leavIng 12111 and 
returning 113 lor only $58 rouna-trip, please 
contact Jeni aI558·9144, (1 1/ 17) 

Dell's annual Tuck-In Servtce is happening nowl 
Sign up at Revelle Plaza or Warren Commons 
thiS week. (11 / 10) 

Models. pholographers wanled!! Weekend oul· 
door pholoshools. November t 3 and December 
11 . No experience necessary. Models. all ages, 
s.zes needed Photographers, alilevets InVIted. 
Call for Inlo. Leave message 457-3506 (EriC) 
(II/ tO) 

R. I.S.C: s AlIl1ude Adjustment Party is Ihls 
Saturday Nov. 12 (9 . 1 p.m.) In the Pub. Live 
band: "Life In General." Frothy refreshmenls' 
50 glass, 250 pItcher. T,x at box office. 50¢ 
members, $2.00 non-members. (It / I 0) 

Third College Students: Lip sync your lavorlte 
rock slars and wIn cashl Alrband contest Friday. 
November t8 For details please conlaCI 
resldenllal life offIce ( t , 110) 

Stumped fro a pre· holiday gilt? For the friend 01 
roommate who has II all. a De~a Tau Della 
Tuck-In makes the calli Reservations thiS week 
at Revelle Plaza or Warren (1 1 110) 

WHY. 
PAY MORE FOR 

CAR INSURANCE!! 
DISCOUNTS 

You' clln benefit from thest discounts: 
• Good Student - Students under 2S with a B average qualify for a 2~% 

discount. 

• Dri. er'. Tralnlna • Students under 21 w ho pass an approved driver 's 
train i ng course q uali fy for a 10% d iscou n t . 

• Defe ... he DrI.laa - F or passing a d efensive driving cou rse. a 10% 
d iscount applies 

• Clal .. Free • I f you haven' submitted a claim in two years or mo re. you 
q ualify for a 5%-15% d iscou n t . 

• Multi-C ... . For covering two or more cars under o ne policy, a 10%-15% 
d iscount will be i ncluded o n your policy. 

• Mature Dri.er - Drivers betwccn 50 and 64 years of age qualify for a 2%-
24% d iscount. 

CALL NOW - 24 HOURS FREE QUOTATION (619)299-8667 
Life and Medica l Available 

We are an uA+" Company, 109 Years in the Business. 

coo look Ice yw British cousins! Now c.on.V ~l\-t~OI\-~t 
Rdph isn·t jealous anymore, 

UCSD 
Student 
Special 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• WESIERN BACON '47 . 

'- ~O"'~I\-t~, W~V~4 
$~~<t $f~')~t4 
c.')~'}<t C.')~"'f4 

SSOff 
wlththisod 

IW""". __ ' -alJlVERSITY - lIIIJ .(;UI.!I>1 
PACIfIC IEACII- '447 GAANET - U~-iI.UI~ 

OCUI IUCIt - _ IIEWClRT - m·3777 
COLLEGE - 11121 El CA.DlIlVl), - 413·5052 

: CHEESEBURGER : 
: REG.FRIES $299 
• REG. SOFT DRINI( • 

• 
• 

• Oft'u valid at: 1788 ......, lei. • 
• • c:...-..... Dec. n , ... One o&r per coupon. 
• One coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any other • 
• cler or discount. Price does not include tax. • 
• - CarllCarcher Enterprtscs.lnc. 1988 oarl'a h .• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

... 

-



\ 

... -

................................. 

BudMan's Weekend Flag Football 
PLAYOFF BETTING LINE 

MEN'S UA 
SA E over Della Sigs Grem by 13 - Sanyal and the mental edge 
Chocolate City over Caplain Fogcutler by I - Loss of Arnie worth 7 pou;ts 
MEN'S U 
Beachheads over Powerhouu by 6 - Iggy Will be too much 
Chicken Sour over TKE by 2 - Batlle of funky offenses Will be close 
Concussion Clinic over ZBT by I - Leave the wo n & chJjpren orne. Big hitters 
MEN'S A . ~ 
Get-A-Grip ov" Dudes. by 15 - GriP should b 
Disciples of Pat over Festering BUff Warts by 4~ It 
Right WingDtathSqulldovnDeadCrtK,by 13 - Futu A.~.-m. ... 
a leader 
COED AA 
Liberace$ Deep Threat over Around Tht' End by 50 - Betl)DOl;!~~ 
Dolphins over Rocket Queens by 25 ' Queens not a fac r 
Pi On Our Face over the Jl1iddlemm umber by)-~~~~t 
Whip The Cal over Ihe S an Diego Chargers by -
COED A 
Flaccid Cows From Hell vs. Mid·field Mounites evm - Toss-up? 
Trojan R ams ovn U Ain 't Nobody by 20 - Trojans will not burst under pressure 
Feminist Porfl Stars over Old Long H llu by " ' Porn Stars may take It all 
Third & Long over II FiJth of Foolblll/ by I . Old & wise are Third & Long 
=~31~ 
;: 
:a 
.a 

~ 
-• 

Bud Man's Polo Playoff Best Bets 
TEAM ODDS THE LINE is 

_ AAA 
• 
• o 
u 

Ablds 
Go Squelch 

3- t Only two pOints better than SQUELCH on 1 Of l 7 
10· 1 If they stop hltlng women they could win It 

a Team Dlvothead 99· 1 Is It snowing In helt? 
f AA 
= Superwhales 
: WAGNFN 
-at 
c: 
iii 
1: 

Hose II Sam 
Stuperous Bedridden Mutes 
More Bubbling Seamen 

2·1 Best goalie in AA. pea 
5·2 Thrs could be their 

Have Silenced many I 
Darkhorse squad up 
Probably In over their 

4-1 
6· t 
15· 1 

nght time 

G ,.. 
'D 
III 
'D 
-;; 
a. 

A 
Monty Python & The Clams 
Semper Ubi Sub Ubi 
And it s MOist 
Ya Phoene Hecke 

III Mighty alter Pops 
.!! Tube Sex 
G 
:' Floating 4·Sklns 
A. Hydrocephallcs 

Ladka 's Polka Divers 
Revenge Artrsts 

'D 
:a 
• G 

2 1 
3·1 
7·2 
4· 1 
5- t 
7 -I 
10·1 
15-1 
20-1 
100·1 

Looked good In easy 
Gals are as good 
have playoll ex 
Will be tough to 
BudMan's prck to WI 
Went undefeated rn 
Don 't clog the filter 
Only loss was to SEMPER and ~ goals 
Almost beat OTTER POPS - could be surpnse 
It they win It Vegas oddsmakers will be jumping 
~ ~ ~~~W~;I~QQcgl!!!!8!!!!!~ll81lmllllllllmllmm~c 

Hockey Ratings 
as of N ov, 6 

TEAMI REC. 
AAA 

t HOCkey Butt Rammers 2-0 
2 Old But Slow 3-1 
3 MPU 1-2 
AA 

1 Puc king Drabus 4-0 
2 Boobs Out wf P,ckle Sweat 3·0 
3 Eat Yellow Snow (RISC) 3 0 
4 Biohazards 2·0-2 
5 Post COital Camels 2-0-2 
6 Nine Sticks 2-1 ·1 
7 Rocky Raccoon Fan Club 2 ·2 
A 

t Raoul OffSide 4-0 
2 It Just Doesn'l Matter 3-0 
3 Hint of Musk 4-0 
4 Qne For Hatrack 3·0 
5 Ich,ban 3-1 
6 CatharSIS 3-0· 1 
7 Flash It 3·0 1 
8 Couldn 'l Get Into V-Ball 3, 1 
9 Ice Would Be Nice 2-1 
10 Gretzky's Last Hope 2-1 

COMMENT 

26 goals In four games Awesome" 
It might dUring playoffs 
Wish the guys would try It too 
Stacie scored for the frrst time rn 88 
Only loss a tough one to Raoul 
Better clean It up before playoffs 
Should have strOlled through league 
Nor Hockey 
DOing lust frne without It 
Not anymore 

HOSE IT SAM 
T he Bud Man couldn't fi nd one out on the fields. The BudMan 

couldn't find one out on the courts. But he sure did find one in the 
water! That 's rig ht, th is week's Bud Team orthe Week came from 
one of the most exciting water polo matches of the year. J UST 
SA Y" OT OW" brought an impressive 4-0 record a nd a league-
leading 82 goals to the pool to take on thei r ovcr-cocky opponents 
HOSE IT SAM, But it was indeed Hose It Sam who surprised 
their divison riva ls and rallied to win the match, 12-8. 

Ho e It Sam has been braggi ng and boast ing all yea r how they 
feel they should be ra nked on top of the AA division elite. After 
Sunday's perfo rmance .. . maybe they should bc! 

Well guys, once agai n, congratulations Hose It Sam .. . THIS 
BUD 'S FOR YOU! 

3-on-3 BASKETBALL 
Doesn't It seem like the Lakerl 

were winning their second con-

secutive NBA title Just last week? 

Believe It or not the NBA season 

opened tor the 'BIF89 cam-

paign this past weekend. At 

UCSD we would lay the NBA II a 

""Ie behind schedule. The 3-

on-3 porgram hal flnllhed Itl 

league schedule, and Ilswlng-

ing Into the playoffl. There will 

be a spot tor every team to par-

tiCipate In the playoffs. The first 

night ot playoff action will be 

this Sunday. Captalnl should 

contact Canyonvtew (534-4037) 
to find out when their team 

plays as many t;i~~, 
be playing In their ' gue 

tlmel. 

UCSD All-CAMPUS 
BADMINTON 

SINGLES 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

One of the fastest growing sports 
here at UCSO is badminton. Every 
Friday evening the rec gym is full 
of players waiting to p:ay. lntramu-
ralleagues in Ihe Spring are always 
full. it is a sport that requires 
speed. quickness and cat-quick 
reflexes. It is ne of the best 

ur@!Wt!HmI!JUCSO's 
badminton enthusiasts Will have 
the opportunity to play in a tour-
nament format and find the best 
players at the school . Both men 
and women Will be able to play in 
open. Intermediate and novice div-
ISiOnS. each division will start at a 
dlfferemt time in the morning and 
play Will continue through the day. 
There is no entry fee for this 
Inaugural tournament . Sign-ups 
Will be taken until Thursday Nov 
17. To sign up or get more infor-
mation come 10 Canyonvlew or 
call 534-4037 . 

Gronk and Slocum: 
On and Off the Wall 

Cam Slocum's "Still." a series of paintings created by utilizing a late 19th century 
photographic process, and Glugio Gronk Nicnndro's "A Wall Piece." which will be painted 
directly onto the walls of the gallery. will be featured on campus from November 12 to 
December 11 at the Mandeville Art Gallery. The dual displays will open with a reception for 
the artists at Mandeville trom 6 p .m . to 8 p.rn. on Friday, Nov. 11. 

A Los Angeles native. Slocum is a 1980 graduate of UCSD. Some of his early work was 
shown at the Attack Gallery and LACE (Los Angeles Contemporary Exhibitions) in Los 
Angeles. and at the Civilian ~ar1are Gallery and the Umbo Lounge in New York City. 

The "St111" series. currently being displayed at the Pence Gallery in Santa Manica until 
November 26. is a group of large-scale paintings. each roughly 72 x 72 inches, based on 
photo-Journalistic sources. In this series, Slocum uses a process in which negatiVes are slowly 
developed by sunlight. then chemically transferred to canvas. 

The majority of the series portrays images of decay based on socio-political images that 
beyond their historical context. When viewing his work. prepare to see the darker. 
aspect of human nature in the form of funerals. lynchings. institutional confinement. 
scenes and ironically. children playing. 

lighter side. the paintings are accompanied by photographs of Bristlecone pine 
trees. which are thought to be among the oldes1living objects on earth. The shots. otten taken 
at an upward angle. portray the true grandeur of the trees. giving ott the sense that they are 
ancient totem poles touching the sky. 

Nicandro, otherwise known as Gronlc. has been highly acclaimed as both a performance 
artist and a painter. He is scheduled to paint a large-scale. and as yet unknown. work on the 
gallery walls a few days prior to the exhibition's opening. 

In 1975. Gronk initially entered the art world by showing his work at the Long Beach 
Museum and the Los Angeles County Museum. In the past thirteen years. he has gained 
critical acclaim tor both his solo exhibitions and his tilm work with directors Hany Gamboa 
and Agnes Varda. 

Gronlc's recent work is part of a group show. "Hispanic Art in the United States." Originating 
at the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston. Texas. the show is currently travelling to New York. Los 
Angeles. Washington D.C .. New Mexico. Flortda. and Mexico City. 

The Mandeville Gallery is open from noon to 5 p .m .. Tuesday through Sunday. The two-man 
show has no admission fee and parking is free on weekends . 



• Th~ UCSD Medical Group 
of La Jolla will celebrate its grand 
opening on Saturday, Nov. 12 
from noon to 5 p.m. "Health 
... and All That Jazz" will 
commence on the lawn next to 
the medical group on Osler 
Lane off of Gilman Drive. In 
addition to health screenin~s, 
rours and drawings for prizes, 
the festiviti~s will include per-
formances by jazz musician, 
inciudingLos Angeles-based Max 
Bennett & Freeway, Hollis 
Gentry's Neon and the Bio 
Rhythms, a 12-piece band fea 
turing UCSD physicians. Co-
sponsored by KIFM 98. 1, the 
event is free and open ro the 
public. 

• The Spirit will feature 
Stormy Summer, Renegade, 

"VIM Ity ••• 
TAlJ(ING MADS 

v 

U2 • 1111 cual • ItEM 
DlPlCHI MODE 
JOE SATltIANI • XTC 
OINGOMMNGO 

••• IIIHI ........ 

f 
and The Restraints on Thurs-
day, Nov. 10. On Friday, Nov. 
11, the Spirit will present The 
Walkabouts from earrk 
debuting cut off their latl' t 
album. Also on Friday, Whei 
Whei T'Nango, Tremors, 
Symptoms and other guests will 
perform . On Saturday, Nov. 12, 
recording artists Fibonascci's 
plus Playground Slap, Bad 
Vinyl, Elvis Christ and gu~St 
will perform . For more infor-
mation, please call 276-3993. 

• The Belly Up Tavern will 
pre ent Etta James and the 
Roots Band featuring Mike 
Finnigan and guests the Mighty 
Penguins on Nov. 10 
at 9 p.m. The tavern will present 
Rebel Rockers at 9:30 p.m, on 
Nov. II, James Harman Band 
and guests Ian MacLagan's Loco 
Loco at 9:30 p.m. on Nov. 12, 

~ :'. 
, .... :::: ................ .. 

.... .. ..... 

'. '. 

• Fn'l' Prl'gnallt\ "btillg 
• I~ arl\' I'n'gllanl'~' '(('~tillg 
• I'n'gnunrl ll'rminution 

_ • (;l'l1l'ral or I.oral :\nl'~thl'~ia 
• .\fford\lhle Hirth Control 
• J)iagno~l~ I<: Treatment 

of S(' \ uull\ 
lbn~1ll ittl'd Diseases (STIls) 

Call the College Line 
619' 5H' 1379 
for Student Discount 

Family Planning Associates 
Medkal Group 

• nlli ,~, Throu~hOUI ~"ulhrrn Calilornill 
I 

and thl' Mar Dels Sixth Birth-
day Bash at 9 p.m. on Nov. 14. 
On ov. 15 at 9 :30 p.m., Yd-
lowman, and Sophia George 
and Sagitarius will perform, 
and o n Nov. 16 Livingston 
Raylorandguest Mark Dccerbo 
will perform at 9 p.m. 
The Belly Up Tavern is 
located at 143 . C"dros Avenue 
in olana B,·ach. For more 
information. please call 
48 1-8 140. 

• Thl' acred Mu ic Series of 
La Jolla Presbyterian Church I 
will feature UC D music 
d,'partment Chairman Cecil 
Lytie's "The American Music 
Company" in a program featur-
ing works of American compos-
ers on Sunday, Nov. 13 at 4 
p.m. The conct'rt is open to the 
public and will be held at the 
church, located at 7715 Draper 
Avenue in La Jolla. Admission 
is free. For more information, 
please call 454-1605. 

• On Friday, Nov. 11 , Univer-
sity Towne Center will present 
Hollis Gentry's Neon as part 
of "Cool Jazz," UTC's celebra-
tion of the recent Food Paviliom 
remodel. This lunchtime jazz fes-
tival will go on from noon until 
2 p.m. at the Food Pavilion 
(adjacent to the lee Capades 
Chalet). 

• "Skier's Dream," the all-
new, action packed ski adventure 
film, will premiere Thursday, 
Nov. 19 at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary 
Art at 7 and 9 p.m. The film 
will also screen at the College 
Theatre, 6303 El Cajon Blvd. at 
7 and 9 p.m., with daily 
matinees. 

• The La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art will present 
ttln the Country of the Light 
Feet," a film by Marcele Fer-
nandez Violante. The film tells 
the story of a city boy who is 
befriended by a young Tarahu-
mana Indian boy. The film will 
show at 7:30 p.m. For mar!! 
information, call 454-3541. 
LJMCA is located at 700 
Prospect Street in La Jolla . 

• The Museum of Man will 
featu re a showi ng of San Diego 
State U niwrsity Professor (Emer-
itus of Art) Everett Gee Jack-
son's works from Nov. 12 to 
Jan. 1, 1989. "Images of the 
Americas: Everett Gee Jack-
on" i a collection of the Jack-

son's pai ntings and drawing 
rdle ring tht' life of people in 
Latin America and the Amt'rican 
outhwe t. The Museum of 

Man i located at 1350 El 
PraJo, Balboa Park . For more 
informarion, please ca ll 
239-2001. • 

• The Martha Graham Dance Company will return to the 
San Diego Civic Theatre for two performances on Nov. 11 and 
12. This engagement is the second offering in San Diego Per-
formances' Ultimate Dance Season, Hailed as one of the 
greatest artists of this century, Graham's works explore the 
human condition with depth and passion. Many major choreo-
graphers in America have been students of the Martha Graham 
Technique, including Merce Cunningham and Twyla Tharp. The 
performances are different each night. The shows begin at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $10 through $42, available at the Civic Center box 
office, ARTS TIX and all TicketMaster outlets. To charge by 
phone, call 278-6510 or 278-TIXS. 

• The Grove Gallery at UCSD 
is currently exhibiting a wide var-
iety of works from the 
Members of the Allied 
Craftsmen through Nov. 23. 
Some of the artists repres-
ented include Jane Groover, 
Joanne Hayakawa. Anna 
Correen Kaufman and Lana 
Wilson. 

• Sushi will present "Shrimps: 
The Mind/ Body Problem," a 
collaborative movement-based 
ensemble consisting of large men 
and small women. Performances 
are at 8 p.m. on Friday and Sat-
urday, Nov. 11 and 12. Admis-
sion is $10 general, $7 for Sushi 
members. Sushi is located at 
852 Eighth Street. 

• Historian and architect 
Dolors Hayden will lecture on 
"The Power of Place: A 
Proposal for Public Art and 
Historic Preservation in Los 
Angeles" on Nov. 15 at 7:30 
p.m. For more information, call 
454-3541. LJCMA is located at 
700 Prospect Street in La Jolla. 

• National Arts Weeks Kick· 
off begins on Sunday, Nov. 13. 
Celebrate the arrs at the 
Lyceum Theatre in Horton 
Plaza with live music, visual arts 
displays, and special surprises. 

• • • 
• Arianna Sraasinopoulous 
Huffington, author of Picasso: 
C reator ami De.slrO:YL'I', will speak 
at the San Diego MUleum of 
Art in the second of the series, 
Balboa Lectures: Arts and 
Letters 1988. The lecture will 
begin at 7:30 p.m. on Thursday, 
Nov. 10 at 7:30 p.m. in the 
museum's Copley Audito-
rium. Tickers are $7.50 ~ r 
museum members, $13.50 for 
non-members. Call 232-7931 
for more information . 

• Ken Hedges, chief curator 
and rock art specialist of the 
Museum of Man, will lead par-
ti ipants to western Arizona 
sites including Antelop Hill, 
S .. ars Jloint , Painted Ro ks State 

Park, and the Gillepsie Dam 
area. Participants are responsible 
for food, camping gear and 
transportation. The price is $50 
for museum members, $60 for 
non-members. Reservations 
should be made before Nov. 16. 
An orientation meeting will be 
held at the Museum of Man on 
Nov. 15 at 7 p.m. The museum 
is located at 1350 El Prado, in 
Balboa Park. 

'II H 1 U S 
" • Ml./u .. -U"k.........u.t • 

o 

HRTS fOITOR 
SABRinA YOUmAnS 

AmClHH ARTS fOlTon 
CYnTHIA CAmPBHL 

muSIC fOITOR 
LARRY WflnTRAUB 

£fniOR £TW WRIT fR 
ISABflLf TI HAnYI 

Of SIGn ConSULTAnT 
mlHf mARlinfl 

o £Im WRllfRS 0 
ARTHUR ASH 

mARCI mnoVITz 
Jim GARY 

PRm JffTlf 
JOHn HfRRnfY 
mARH HmfY 
LAURR HnRPp 
JfH LAmBfIH 

PHIL mHCGOVfRn 
LARA mlHATA 

nAnCY munrnfR 
DonOVAn P. ROCHf 
o InHm 0 

LAU RA BAH fR 
GAGCHA OGlnz 

HIAIU~ I~ PUQlI~HfO mAY INUASOAY Of 
IHf A[Ao!ml[ mR AS R SUPPllffi!nl 10 
IHI UCSD GUARDIRn A!PAOOUClion OR 
US! or m PORlIon or lHIS mllon UlliN 
OUI WRIII!n PlAmlSSIOn IS PRONIBIIIO 
W! wmom! unSOII[II[O lHHRS. mAnU ' 

~CAIP15 AnD AAIWOAN . BUI muml no 
AISPOnSI81l11Y fOR IHIIA H[lURn 

VOlUmr '9 OUmB[R 1 
~-------o--------~ 

tThey Live,' 0 do they? 
by phil macgovern 

hiatus writer 

I went to see this movie with 
mix ed a nti cipa ti o n. John 

arpenter has lo ng been one of 
my favorite horror movie dir-
ectors, directing such classics as 
Halloween, and the movie that 
scared me the most, The Thin!!. 

So I hoped that this would be 
another thriller in the same vein. 
But tht'n I looked at the prt'ss kit 
and saw this movie starred Roddy 
Piper of Rowdy Roddy Piper of 
the World Wrestling Foundation 
fame. I thought to myself, "Can I 
take this movie seriously!" 

Besides, any movie with the 
rather lame and pretentious title 
of They Live deserves not to be 
taken seriously. Now that 1 have 
seen the movie I still don't know if 
'1 can take the movie seriously or 
with a grain of salt. 

Sometimes directors and screen 
writers make the mistake of not 
distinguishing their films with a 
particular genre. This can work 
to their advantage especially if 
their film breaks new ground 
somehow, but if you are on the 
edge between two particularly 
divergent areas, such as comedy 
and horror, you can have prob-
lems. Some movies do it success-
fully, but they are usually more 
camp than horror. 

I haven 't figured out what They 
Live is supposed to be. With lines 
like "I've come to chew gum and 
kick ass. And I'm all out of gum." 
and "Life's a birch. And she's in 
heat." I couldn't help laughing, 
and neither could the audience. 
They seemed really funny, bur are 
they supposed to be? Piper utters 
other gems like these with a straight 
face and in serious situations, so is 
that humor, or is he serious? 

The basic premise of They Litle 
is really very intQresting. It has a 
lot of potential and I sort of wish it 
was only a first draft and they 
were going to try again. It takes 
place on the streets of L.A., in the 
near future. The number of home-
less is growing at a record rate. 
Piper plays John Nada, a con-

Of course, Nada must save the 
world . He joins a small rebel 
group trying to defeat the ali .. ns 
and to reveal their disguise to the 
people. The aliens have taken over 
all the positions of authority (even 
Siskel and Ebert are aliens) and 
they control all the wealth. The 
wealthy humans are helping them; 
their greed outpacing their love of 
other humans. 

Nada and a fellow onstruction 
worker (played by Keith David 
who actually is quite good) pene-
trate the aliens' underground tun-
nels and go on to destroy. 

Good thing these aliens are 
taking over. They couldn't hit the 
broad side of a barn with a machine 
gun, so our two human heroes 
walk through the fortress 
unscathed. 

1 really can't find the faults in 
this movie. There are some minor 
things that I can gripe about: the 
horribly annoying score (by 

Ca rpenter himself), the very long 
and protracted fight scene (most 
humans would lx, unconscious 
after having their head whacked 

a~ainst pavement three or four 
times) and the strange nondelinia-
tion of the movie's genre. 

But I can't say that I like it 
t'ither. Piper is an average actor, 
his musclt·s art.' enough to carry 
him through. John Nada has no 
character. My companion and I 
tried to name all the facts about 
his past that we knew and could 
come up with only two or three. 
This didn't help in interpreting his 
startling wit (or stupidity, depend-
ing o n your outlook). 

Some people are going to like it, 
some aren't. This is o ne movie 
that will be very good on video-
tape, so my advice is to wait until 
it comes out in the stores, and 
then make your choice. Movies 
arc too expensive to take this sort 
of risk. 

Roddy Piper and Keith David fight againsc alien forces in 'They Live." 
struction worker (a good job to ,-_________________________ --' 
show a lot of his over-developed 
wrestling muscles) who is down 
on his luck. He settles in a shanty 
town community near a church 
where some strange goings on are 
taking place. 

The police come and bust up 
the church, but in searching the 
rubble, Nada finds a box of sun-
glasses. He puts a pair on and sees 
that they reveal the real world -
under all signs and in magazines 
are subliminal messages to "Con-
form," "Buy," "Obey Authority," 
and "Marry and Reproduce." 

Even more startling is the dis-
covery that a large portion of the 
people around aren't human, but 
skeleton-like aliens bent on taking 
over the world . 

LA JOLLA ACADEMY 
OF ADVERTISING ARTS 

Specialized Degrees 
In Advertising I 
Graphic DesIgn 

Financial Aid 
Placement Assistance 

For information call 

459-0201 II I~ 
" 
.' il 

A8 .reot 08 you remember them. 
Only better. It' !lil.ht" ul: 

The ComIc hllely 
4224 Balboa Ave. 675-8 N. Broadway 

Son Diego. CA 92117 Escondido. CA 92025 
aI BalbOa &. ClOlremonr Or Co..nl/y Com« ShoppIng CIT 

_ ro Food 8oU<ef of Ilfoodway &. Washington 
(619)48~3 (619)7~5660 

• FANTASY &. ROLE PlAYING GAMES. FANTASY 
MINIATURES. R060TECH &. JAPANESE ANIMATION 

dermatology 
• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts, psoriasis 

• leg veins • dermabrasion and collagen 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Certified Dermatologist. 

Hours: 8:00 a.m.·5 p.m M-F. some Saturdays . 

552-8842 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Ste. 2130 
(behind EI Torito. jusl west of 1·5) 

by Christina and Chari 
WOMEN 514 

(reg. $25) 
MEN 512 
(reg. $19) 

1 ,,/' i//',/II///I///(·/II . "!. ' i/\(' «(/11 -157·29.10. 
1J9.~0 "illo Lo Jol/o iJr .. Sl~. 2120. Lo Jollo 
(he/II lid I:"' r oriltJ dJr('f/ll (Wren' rUIIII'. ) 

--------------------· 25 OFF Any small, I • 0.(. medium or large I 
• It, frozen yogurt • 
• I 
• I 
• I 
• I 
• VOId w,'h any other o ffer 

•

IOPPlngs nol,ncluded 
One coupon to a I custonlef 
Expire. 11/13/88 

• Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. 
• 11-11 Fri. & Sat. 
• 1~1Q30Su~ 

• 
7770 a.g.nII Rd., ...... 108 (,n Von s Shopp,ng Cen'",) 

i La Jc)IIQVtIIc:JgeOr 

~ "'C 
l ~~ ~ i-

lO ' \ 

JoIo La JoIkJ 
\o\lIooe COIOI'W 

Moll Pblo 

• 
.... '00 Dr _1 

• 
• 
• 
• I 
I 
I 

--------------------1---------------------------I 

581-1151 Let us cater your next party! CaO/or details. 
Delivery available within P.B area 11:30·2 and 5-9 daily. 

------~-------------------~ CECCC5LLLLLLUELL5:LU5CL:LL::L.~CCCC c:~ 
FREE Medical Car. 

Plus receive $500.00 
NEEDED: 6 yrs. & older with asthma 

TIME: Approx, 16 visits within 1 year 

PAID: $500.00 plus a complete physical, 
medication & medical care during study. 

UCSD Pulmonary Research 
Call 543·5414 

l'ataial¥liitl'77'7cn 00000 , 

-



Pub On Fire 
by larry weintraub 

music editor 

What d you get if you put 
Mike and Gorge from the Mmute-
men together with ed fROM-

HIO? Why, you get flREHO E 
of ourse! 

Th ugh Mike Watt and George 
Hurley have been making 'orne of 
the m t critically ac lai med music 
around for everal year ,it' doubt-
ful that many pe pIe re ognize 
their name. However, If you men-
tion the Minutemen, hance are 
you'll turn a few head . If you 
mention flREH E you'll turn 
even more. 

As two-thirds of both the 
Minutemen and flREH E, Watt 
and Hurley may not have 
established their own names, hut 

they have e tabli hed the name of 
their band . 

With the death oflead inger D. 
B on putting a premature halt to 
the Minutemen' plans, Watt and 
Hurley had thr wn in their re pec-
tive ba picks and drum ti k . It 

fIREHOSE 
Iii 

~~~ 
. At the Pub 
• Sunday at 8 p.m. 
• Tickets are $7 

:.: 
L-._~:,,:,,:,,:,,:,,:,,:,,:":":,,~:,,:,,:,,:,,:,:,,:,,:,,:,,:,,~':' 

.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:!:: 

wasn't until guitari t / singer Ed 
rawford hawed up at Watt' 

doorstep that the two were con-
vinced to give it another try . 
Thi meeting gave birth to flRE-

-------------------

LA JOLLA 
HAIR DESIGN 

737 Pearl ST. #103 La Jolla 
(Behind Dick 's Liquor, 
1 block from Fay Ave.) 

456-1170 

uesZ' Sped4U 
$10 

PRECISION CUTS 
Includes shampoo. condition. blow dry. 

Women Reg. $18. Men Reg. $14. 

HIGHLIGHTING $30 
Foil weaving. Reg. $45 & up. 

PERM & CUT $35 
Reg. $60 & up. 

ACRYLICS $25 
Reg. $50. 

First time clients only. Long hair 
extra. Expires 11 / 24 / 88 FILLS $12 Reg. $20. 
~--------------------------

H E, the punk, funk, ro k and 
roll band elf-de ribed a a 
"p wer tri ." 

After two albums the gutsy 
debut, "Ragin' Full n" and the 
chara teri ti ally diver e, "I('n," 
flREH SE ha earned a reputa -
tion that pick up where the 
Minutemen left off. 

flREH E will demon trate 
that hard work often mean great 
musi when they play at UC D' 
Triton Pub Sunday n ightat8 p.m. 
The trio will play all of their best 
including everal cuts from their 
up oming new album. With their 
u ce growing at a phenomenal 

rate, a how this intimate is not to 
be mi sed . 

Opening for tlREH E will 
be the La Angell' ba ed, Leaving 
Trains . tlREH E i brought to 

by UE& A Pop Event . 
Ti ket are $7 for sutdents and $9 
for non- tudent and are available 
at the Box ffice and Ticket-
ma ter . 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleosis within 
the last month 7 If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contribution to 
the medical industry. and 
earn you S50 at the same 

time. For additional 
details call Ms. Vawter at 

Essential Biologics. 
226-1733. 

I N T H! ),UDST OF THI DIIP . DAR~ WI NTIR WHEN RAIN 
IS A rA LLI N ' AN D rACIS ARE A rROWNIN ·. OUT or 
THE DREARY COM IS A BRIGHT IPAR~ or HOPI . 
BA SHI NG THR OU GH THE M E DIOCRITY rULL - STIAM-

AH E A D. IT'LL T HR O W Y OU I NTO A MAD rRENZY or 
rO OT GR OOVI N ' AND M I ND NOVIN ·. SO MY 'RIINDS . 
N O W I S T H E T I N E T O GE T AWAY AN D LIAVE THI PAST 
BEH I N D YOU . THE N U S IC'S ' U N' I N ', THE LIGH T S ARE 
rL A SHI N ', A ND YOU R rR II NDS ARI CA LLIN · ... 

TYLfUOU f 
LATE-NIGHT DANCE CLUB 

FRIDAY NOVEMBER 11 
11 PM - 3 AM 

V 
rren Apartment Commons 

UCSD 

FREE ADMISSION' 

HIP AND COOL MUSIC It 

BY TH! WARREN RESIDENCE 

ALL COMMUTERS WELCOME 

HIRTUS 

m U SIC DUll 
The winner oflast ~ uiz are Paul Fedors, Dan Sreca. and Kt!rry 

Nowicki. They need~tb by As rted Vinyl to pi k up their $5 gift 
ertifi ate . X" 

ONTE T R LE : l' l'ntry per pl'r on, per week. Entrie mu ( 
In lude name and phon number. Entrie are due at A orted Vinyl 
hd re noon on the Monday ~ lIowing the issue date of the quiz. 10 
percent off any LP, ca ~ette, or Din sto k when you hring in your entry. 

THE QUIZ 
1. What TV pro~ram did Paul chaffer play for before David 

Letterman? 
2. What tra k wa deleted from the onginal version f (he 

Ramones' "Leave Home" album? 
3. Name three of Pnnce's "hoes" that went 010. 
4. What video game wa named after a big and bad '70s band? 
5. What famou DADA artist' de ades-old pie e is heard in a 

Brian Eno song! Name the artt t, (he pie e. and (he o ng it 
appears in. 

1 park 
ANSWER TO LA T WEEK'S QUIZ: 

Z A F1o..k of -31 . .'ull 
3. G.:n,· Lows j.·zd ... ·1 
4. INX 
5. D,'vo 

WANTED 
Students, Faculty, and Staff 

tired of shopping at Dealerships 
" ,,~ ... ie44e ~ "'4~ ... ~ ~ 

~ ~ IIn.1It it. ~ ~ 1I14c1 (t" 
CALL TODAY! 

Tim Flannery 558-8109 
Student Sales Representative 

Receive Commission for referral sales! 
General Auto of San Diego 


