
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, JUNE 9,1988 

Dane_ of the World - The students of Theater 126 performed dances from arou~d the 
world yesterday. Among the dances performed were the Yam Dance from the I bo tribe of 
Nigeria, above left, and an African wedding ceremony, below. 

Bard Alan-Finlan appointed 
to student advocate position' 
By SUSAN HYLEN 
sut/ w,.,.,. 

Bard-Alan Finlan was ap-
poiDted student advocate by the 
A.S. last ni,ht, revenin, last 
week's vote. 

The A.S. rejected Finlan 1S-2 
June I because, council memben 
said, A.S. President Maynard 
Dimmesdale failed to advertise 
tile poIition. Five people applied 
after Finlan was rejected, but 
Dimmesdale reappointed Finlan 
because he still felt Finlan was 
the most qualified. 

In the second debate over his 
appointment, discussion focused 
primarily on Finlan's qualifica-
tions and character. 

Rob Cunis, a ,raduate stu-
dent, said Finlan is "definitely 
experienced." Others said that 
Finlan is qualified because of his 
experience in dealin, with the 
administration over his own pri-
vacy ri,hts case. 

Warren sophomore Senator 
Tina Maher, however, claimed 
that Finla." past experiences 
mi,ht produce "a conflict in 

interest when he's dealin, with 
the adminstration." She said 
FiDlan bad appeared "anta,on-
istic" to lome and "put people on 
the defensive. " 

. Erik Basil of the Third CoUese 
Judicial Board aareed that the 
council needed assurance that 
Finlan would. not confront the 
administration on the basis of 
penonality rather than student 
pievances. 

Finlan countered that he would 
represent the students and denied 
that he had been malicious in 
dealin, with the administration. 

After his appointment, Finlan 
said his "first concern is to pass 
my final exam next week so nl 
be around to be student advo-
cate next year." He also plans to 
orpnize the committee over the 
summer, and "familiarize myself 
with policies." 

... other matten, the couacil 
approved funds for AlIGned 
Vinyl's relocation in the Price 
Center. However, the same fund-
iDa was not approved for lec-
ture Note and Soft Raerves ser-
vices, which wiU probably remain 

in the current Student Center. 
Althou,h all three A.S. busi-

nesses need to expand, the two 
student services will remaia 
where the rent is more affordable 
so their prices can remain com-
petitive. 

Council members wanted As-
sorted Vinyl, which has not 
showed a profit for many years, 
to move to a better location. 
U nivenity Center Board Com-
miuioner Evan Weisenfeld said 
"ifthey don't move, they're ,oin, 
to go under." 

The council also turned down 
the proposed alloeation of 
S2S,42 I for salary and recruit-
ment expenses for an Enterprises 
Manaser. 

In other council business, 
Johnny Pattenon was unani-
mously appointed to Recreation/ 
Intramural and Athletics Com-
plex Proaram, Exploration and 
Planning Committee. 

Jeremy Pasternak was also 
approved for the position of State 
Lobby Director, and Theresa 
Marchetta was appointed A.S. 
SAAC Outreach Manaaer. 

VOLUME 64, #20 

Student charged 
with mail theft 
By JOHN SHAW 
Tr.iltbt, Dir«tor 

A 19-year-old student mail-
service worker was arrested Satur-
day after police observed the 
suspect take over 200 pieces of 
undelivered campus mail from 
the Argo post office out to his 
car. 

Amir Doron, a Warren fresh-. 
man who had been working for 
mail services since September, 
was charged with petty theft, a 
misdemeanor that carries a maxi-
mum penalty of six months in 
jail and a $1,000 fine. 

Normally, mail theft is a fed-
eral offense. Doron was charged, 
however, with a misdemeanor 
because federal statutes do not 
apply once the V niversity accepts 
mail from the V.S . Postal Ser-
vice. 

The arrest ended a six-week 
investigation by UCSD police 
Detectives Robert Jones and 
Kenneth Hill. Police began the 
investigation after Muir Resi-
dent Dean Pat Oanylyshyn-

Adams informed them that sever-
al students had complained Utat . 
they had not received expected 
mail, including checks and credit 
cards. 

Adams said she received com-
piaints from about 75 students 
over the past six we~ks. 

"We have a large number of 
students that are not geting their 
mail ," Adams said. "We first 
thought it was just checks and 
credit cards that were missing, 
but later students reported all 
kinds of mail missing." 

Muir residents were not the 
only ones affected , according to 
Adams. Resident deans at 
Warren, Revelle and Third also 
reported missing mail. 

Originally, Adams, the police, 
and Mail Services Manager 
Robert Trout thought the U.S. 
Postal Service was to blame. It 
was not until the end of May that 
police realized the problem was 
within the campus mail-system. 

On Tuesday, May 31, police 
received their first lead from a 

See THEFT, pale 3 

Hel :withdraws 
from student lobby 
By ROBERT LEONE 
SMIorSt41/ W,iln 

In what Mordecai Potash, 
UCSD's executive vice president 
for External Affairs, described 
as an "almost unanimous vote," 
the UC Irvine Associated Stu-
dents voted not to appropriate 
approximately S18,000 for the 
University of California Student 
Association, a Sacramento-based 
lobbying group. 

The vote took place at a 
ASUCI budget meetin, last 
Thursday. 

"They wanted to put the brakes 
on hard," said Potash when des-
cribin, the ASUCI action. "The 
absolute power that every stu-
dent government has is the power 
of the purse, and UCI is exercis-
in, that power," Potash elabo-
rated. Accordin, to Jim Lof,ren, 
the director ofthe UCSA and a 
UCSD alumnus, the lan,uaae 
the ASUCI used in their actions 
would allow the AS U CI to rejoin 
the UCSA "if unspecified changes 
were made." 

"I'm disappointed," Lofgren 
said. "I think it's a mistake on 
their pan, but over time I think 
they'l decide to rejoin." 

"We're embarkin, on a posi-
tive campaign aimed at brinaing 
them [the ASUCI] back into the 
orpnization, .. he added. 

Lofaren also said the Associa-
tion of Graduate Students at 
UCIItiD supports the UCSA . 

According to Potash, AS-
UCSD President Maynard 
Dimmesdale and ASUCI Presi-
dent David Herwitz will call a 
meeting of the council of U CAS 
pre idents to discover what re-

forms in UCSA are necessary to 
get the ASUCI to support the 
UCSA. "The point is that every 
UC should be comfortable with 
being in UCSA," Potash said. 

In an interview before the 
ASUCI vote, Potash said that 
one problem the ASVCI had 
with UCSA was a bias toward 
the nonhern UC schools. Also, 
in an interview before the vote, 
ASUCI Vice President for Ad-
ministrative Services Jim Breslo 
said "The [UCI students] don't 
feel the UCSA represents the 
students here at Irvine." 

Lof,ren, when asUci about 
the short-term impact of the 
ASUCI's decision, said, "We'l 
have to make some budget cuts. 
Basically, it results in the loss of 
a new position, but not in pre-
existin, positions. " Lofgren said 
the new position that UCSA 

See IRVINE, pap 7 

Inside ... 

Opinion 
"Silvio" is off 
to search 
for silver and gold 

" ......... 
Amnesty Int'! -
Politically conscious 
group comes to UCSD 

IIlet. 
The Guardian 
editors come ouna 
the closet 

4 

8 

114 



· 1 

I 
· I 
I 
I 
• 

• 

· I 

· . 

1 ThursdGY. 111M 9. 1988 

NEWS 

SHORTS 
U CSB Chancellor pleads innocent 
to D UI charge 

An attorney for UCSB's Chancellor Barbara S. 
Uehling pleaded innocent on her behalf May 31, on a 
charge of driving under the influence of alcohol on 
campus. A municipal court trial on the matter was 
subsequently scheduled for July 12. 

Uehling's representative, R. James Westwicle, 
entered the plea Tuesday morning at South Coast 
Municipal Court in Santa Barbara. He indicated 
that he would discuss a possible plea bargain at a 
readiness and settlement conference scheduled for 
June 28. 

Uehling was stopped by California Highway 
Patrol officers at approximately 11 : 15 p.m .• April 
30, in her personal vehicle on UCSB's Lagoon Road 
while returning from a private dinner party in Santa 
Barbara . After failing field sobriety tests , the chan-
cellor was taleen into custody. 

While detained at the Santa Barbara County Jail 
in Goleta, Uehling was administered two Breatha-
lyzer tests. Test result bordered on and exceeded 
legal limits of intoxication, with a primary test read-
ing .10 and a second registering .09. A reading of .1 0 
is considered legal intoxication under California law. 

UCSD School of Medicine graduate 
receives Katherine Carson Award 

Katherine Lynn Helgoe, M.D. , a 1988 graduate of 
the UCSD School of Medicine, is the recipient of 
the 1988 Katherine Carson Award. 

The award honors a UCSD graduating woman 
medical student who has demonstrated Qualities of 
compassion, dedication to patient care and sincere 
concern for human welfare. The recipient of the 
award is selected each year by the members of the 
graduating class. The award was established by the 
San Diego Women Physicians Association in 
memory of Dr. Katherine Carson, a highly respected 
gynecologist and obstetrician who was known for 
her dedication to her patients and for her efforts on 
behalf of women in medicine. 

Helgoe, a resident of Cypress, California, worked as 
a volunteer at a free clinic in San Vicente, Mexico 
during the last year of medical school. She plans a 
residency in family medicine at Scenic General Hos-
pital in Modesto. Caiifornia. 

UCSF /UCSD Iraduates fourth 
Nurse-Practitioner class 

The UC San Francisco/ UC San Diego Intercam-
pus Graduate Studies program graduated its fourth 
class of nurse practitioners and nurse midwives June 

MO_NUI'Me, 
MItO_ ~~!WI€ 
15 PI£ IINI7 r NfhI'r 
!ifUrTW 1111fU1(l 

)fT. .. 

Save the 
Sacred Land 

Above, some members of Visual Arts 1068 and 206 stand 
next to ,the decorative panels they painted for the Sacred 
Land t)ance this Friday on the Hump between 11 a.m. and 2 
p.m. At left . John Rhoades letters his panel. The dance is 
being held to honor the resistance of Hopi Indians to forced 
removal from their native land. 

I at the UCSD Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Club. 
Judith T. Fullerton, Ph.D., C.N.M., associate clini-
cal professor of community and family medicine at 
UCSD and assistant dean for joint programs, pre-
sided at the ceremony. 

movements of early twentieth~ntury radicalism. 
MargarLue von Trotta's worle provides a sweeping, 
richly detailed panorama of a turbulent era in 
European history, including the rise of socialism and 
labor unions, the 1905 Revolution, pacifist opposi-
tion to WWI, and the iU-fated German Sparticist 
uprising of 1918. Directed by Margarette von 
Trotta; in German and Polish with English subtitles; 
122 minutes; 1985. 

The UCSF/ UCSD Intercampus Graduate Studies 
program offers courses of study leading to a Master 
of Science in Nursing degree (awarded by the UCSF 
School of Nuninl) and a certificate of preparation 
as a family nurse practitioner or nurse-midwife 
(awarded by the UCSD School of Medicine). The 
students spend the first year of the two-year curricu-
lum of studies on the San Francisco campus and the 
second year in San Diego. 

The Political Film Series 
concludes with "Rosa Luxemburg" 

The Political Film Series will conclude for the 
year with a showing of "Rosa Luxemburg." The film 
portrays the life of Rosa LUAemburg, the legendary 
leftist leader who was active in most of the major 

The film is free and will be shown in TLH 107 at 7 
p.m. this Friday. 

Sacred Land Dance to take 
place this Friday on the bump 

Join in the Sacred Land Dance which is taking 
place this Friday on the hump (in front of the IYm 
steps) from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. The performance will 
feature Navajo drummers, and will be presented by 
UCSD Students in Defense of Sacred Land. 

-Ctt-pUed by S" Beel 

You don't have to clip IIlto 
your colleJe fund to e.oy 

Jreat frozen YOJurt. 
~~C!Rc SOgurf cAHair 

has the lo ... t 
prices in town!!! 
1030 Torrey PInes Rd . at Herschel"')aIa 
1 1"14 Gamet Ave. "-d8c .... 
w ........ .., ...... ,.... 
............ (ud" .. , ...." 

New Store Opening- Join A Winning Team 
ncnAlIOIIIA&. .. .-T. INC. • ...,. onr 01 the naion's .. get reqjj 
sporting goods ~ ..a Q.lrr~ reccgnill!d .. onr of 100 best ~ ID 
worIc lor In Amerta. wi. lie opening tneIr 19Itl SIore In SIn DIego eMIy~. ~ lie 
«Upting ~ ~ lor thr IcIoINIng "'If-Ij~..a FIMt-liIIW positions: 

Silk, • C ... low" • Skl."d Bib ",,,,IuI,,'c • • S,ock~" 
• CUltOnwr ~'v/cr • I" Storr PromOliOlU Coortlllt.u" 

AppIiana must '- exallenl communic:Mlon skJIIs. solid wort< record. ertIt1uII.sm. 
..a thr MlIIIIy to wort< some ......nIng5 ..a weekends. Reuif ellpel'leIa ..a prcn.a 

~~. 
IlEI oilers beatr ttYn -91YY, ~ dIsalunr on equ~ _ use of rencaI 

equ;pmer.. opponuniIy lor IIerWIIIs IndudIng medIQI/derUI ..a protII sIwIng. 
~~ cpportun/Iy ..a • ~ worIc MIIIronment. 

Apply In ptr10n Mon$y-FrIdiy from 9:30 ' .m. to 5:00 P m. 1I 2852 E. l.WwnIty. 
SIn DieOO. CA PbsI!lons _ SIMI _ SO_. 

REI h." ~IMII Oppo"",,'ty Employ~r 

ThIlWu,y. 111M 9. 1988 3 

Atkinson delays 
Crabtree decision 
By CYNTHIA CHESY 
Sl~ Writ.,. 

The deadline has passed, and 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson has 
not responded to the appeal filed 
by a student who was suspended 
for the rest of her UCSD career. 

The chancellor had 21 days to' 
respond to an appeal by Kristen 
Crabtree regarding the Third 
CollegeJudicial Board's decision 
to place her on judicial proba-
tio!! ."_. nf Tuesday, he had still 
not taken any action on Crab-
tree's case, which involved an 
incident between the student and 
campus police last November. 

Crabtree believes that the 
postponement of a decision by 
Atkinson about the status of her 
appeal is a result of the adminis-

tration's desire to "postpone this 
[decision] until summer so that 
all the students are gone. In this 
way, she said, the administration 
can minimize any flacle about the 
chancellor's ultimate decision. 

"This simply is not true, but I 
can understand her feelings," said 
administrative secretary Dottie 
K.effala, who handled Crabtree's 
appeal papers. Accordinl to 
Keffala, there was no signature 
or date on the appeal when she 
sent it up to administrative 
records for processing. 

"It did not become an action-
item, and it probably would have 
been filed away somewhere if 
Kristen hadn't have called [to 
inquire about the status of her 
appeal]," K.effala said. 

See CRABTREE, pale 7 

Mail is stolen 
CODdnaeel from p8le 1 
woman who reported that she 
had found three bundles of 
UCSD mail in a dumpster at 
Patrick Henry High School in 
east San Diego. 

From tbe postmarks on tbe 
mail and the way it had been 
bundled, police determined that 
the three bundles found must 
have been sorted on Saturday, 
May 28. 

According to Trout, two un-

supervised student mail-service 
employees are responsible for 
sorting, bundling and delivering 
campus mail on Saturdays. 

Detectives Jones and Hill set 
up surveillance oftbe Argo Hall 
post office on Saturday while the 
two suspected student-workers 
sorted mail. 

The detectives observed Doron 
take a bin containing over 200 
pieces of mail out to his car. He 

See STOLEN, pale 7 

STORAGE 
SUMMER BREAK 

NEWS 

Only mystery men remain 
By SABRINA YOUMANS 
SI~ Writ.,. 

After 1 S months of primary coverage I still 
don't know who the candidates really are. 

I lenow their delegate counts, who is ahead in 
the polls, and their budgets. Everyday I am 
retold the same things, only the numbers 
change; yesterday Dukakis lead Bush in a Cali-
fornia poll by 16 percentage points, today it is 
by 17. The primary coverage has been repeti-
tive, boring, and meaningless just like it is every 
year. It is a national horse race across 46 
states. We know the odds, we know the names 
of the horses, and that each horse is o.wned by a 
political party, but we know nothing of the 
jockies. 

Analysis 

Jackson is the only candidate who has stepped 
down off his protective horse and out of his 
political "persona" just long enough to reveal 
himself as a person. He did it as he walked 
along a corridor lined with camera crews. They 
were all standing on a wall to film him from a 
good angle. As he walked by he poked each one 
of them in the ribs. All the sudden, one by one, 
the camera people jumped down off the wall to 
film Jackson playfully poking the other techni-
cians. It was a fiasco - a twist to the basic 
politician's wave ... - it was human. 

Another Jackson contribution to the primar-
ies was his challenge to deal with the uncomfor-
table and slippery issue of racism. The histori-
cal implications of his Michigan win was the 
underlyinl verification that Ackson is to be 
taken seriously. This awakened America from 
a long sleep of false equality. 

He helped to transform closet social prob-
lems into serious issues. He showed concern in 
the common person's problems. He also tapped 
the unlimited political resource of public 
concern. 

Bush and Duleakais were forced to address 
these issues; instead of the usual stream of polit-
ical talle, we received some intelligent analysis of 
domestic issues: drugs, AIDS, gangs, sexism, 
and the deterioration of the quality of public 
education. 

It has been a long primary - first it was the 
seven dwarfs and the invisible man. Now we 
have the two yawners, and as deemed by the 
press, Dukakis and Bush are boring. Californi-
ans are bored too - the state rich with 314 
delegates was too late to seriously effect the 
primary candidate decision. 

Dole dropped out" too soon to activate any 
kind ofinteresting Republican bickering, which 
let Bush off the hook and underdeveloped as a 
candidate. The public is still trying to untangle 
his schizophrenic relationship with Reagan: is 
he loyal to the Reag~n teign, or is he a different 
kind of Republican who is concerned with the 
social issues of drugs and AIDS that have up-
staged and displaced the economy and defense 
on the national agenda? Both candidates need 
to develop a second and hopefully a third 
dimension to their flat WashinJton/ Massa-
chusetts formal, dry politics-as-usual image or 
the public will drift off into apathetic boredom. 

Each year the primaries seem to evolve and 
deal more with the issues and less with image. 
Jesse rode his horse a little differently, and the 
public became more interested. So even though 
it seems like a strange way to "test" a presiden-
tial candidate for office, it is what we are stuck 
with. And it might be changing from a horse 
race to a horse show where issues and serious 
political analysis are part of the judging process. 

The home of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

:2 &£10/.1. 

ALCATRAZ SELF-STORAGE 
I ~(!l)()ItI1Id~m 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IJ..~~B!'!!!!!!!!!!!_-------------ALL AMERiCAN-MEAL 

Quarter Pounder® with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
5'xS'XS' IUGH . 
5'xl0'x8' IUGH 

. $19 per month 
$33~rmonth CaIh¥CII ... : 

.• /20 01 • cent II 
'i I I 

J 

i 
f--~ ! ! ~ 

"""' . 

~ 

.... 

....... , 

" 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
452-1047 

CALL NOWI ~=apace 

Don't Forget 
to Kccp Your Bod 

Covered WIth 
Summer Sickness 

Ind Accident Insul'lncc 
It's effective 

while traveling or staying home ... 
Registered SprIng Quarter Students, SUlIIIMr Students, 

and Post Docs.re eligible to purehase Insul'llncc. 
--STUDENT $109.75. SPOUSE $138.50. CHIlDREN $93.75--

ENROLLING NOW until July 19th 
-----·Inflom'letlon and applications are available at-----

Student Health Center. Q-039 • 534-3300 

II 
Umjk)ne coupon per 
cUstomer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when 
ordering. Not valid with 
any other offer. 

Just $199 11 
(plu. tax) 

OnIr'aI: 
71. Miramar Id. 

Ian DIego 
1237 f'roII*:f 

LaJola 

The Best Shows In Town are at 

DEOGALLERY 
NEW RELEASES: OVERBOARD 

• FATAL ATIRACTION 
• THE UNTOUCHABLES 

• TfoiROW MAMA FROM THE TRAIN 
• Huge selection of Movies • No Deposit Required for qualified 

renters • No Credit Card Necessary. Movies. Video 
Recorders/TVS and Cameras for sale or rent 

Bring Thli Ad MoncMy tllru Thursday to Rent 
One Movte and Get a Second Rental for FREEl 

Coupon Good Mon. -Thurs. Only. Expires 6/16/88 

-----184. VILLA LA JOLLA DR.-----
Ralph's Center betlM!en Crown Books and Oseo Drugs ....... , .... 
Hours: SUn.-Tnurs. II am-a pm/Fro.·Sat. II am-IO pm V""" 



4 Thursday, June 9, 1988 

NIKI NEWLANDS, Editor in Chief 
TODD RAPPARPORT, Mtutfl,iltl Editor 
PETER MESSROBIAN, News Editor 
JEFF BERESFORD-HOWE, Op;"ion E ditor 
Gu"rdUI'"cdllonal donol rCp(eKnllh~ u n\\crlllyorC.hfurnl' northe Auoc.aled 

Siudents of UCSD but are tke omc ... ! Opinion of the paper as delcrmuK'd by the ,bo .. e 
eduon 

A Helluva Past 
Stake my f uture on a helluva past 
Look s like tom o rrow is a-comin ' on fast 
A in't complaining 'bOUl what I got 
Seen beller times but who has not? 
Silvio, silver and gold 
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold 
Silvio, I gotta go 
Find out things only dead men know. 

"Silvio." 
Bob Dylan, Robert Hunter 

A university education is best measured in dog 
years - about seven years of aging for each actual 
calendar year. 

That means 18-year-olds graduating a fter five 
years a re now 53. 

Arf. 
From sheltered suburban frosh t o cynical, b ureau-

cratized senior is quite a leap - it's been a R eagan-
era journey not especially active, involved or in 
control for most of the 2 ,400 grad uating next week. 

What was the big cause? In the past, we've had 
anti-apartheid shantytowns, day care sit-ins, anti-
draft and anti-war rallies and R OTC/ F BI/ CIA 
recruitment sit-ins, as well as a couple of occupa-
tions of the offices of various Chancellors. T he Pre-
tenders, Stevie Ra y Vaughn, RE M , and the Huma n 
League played on campus. This year, all we got was 
a few Comm students disgruntled about arcane reg-
istration procedures and washed-up British pops-
ters Squeeze. 

This is not to say that this graduating class doesn't 
have its own " helluva past." The most important 
and powerful learning experience everyone gets in 
college is through their friends. People studied 
together, got drunk or tripped together, weathered 
break-ups, temporarily lost friends to new boy-
friends or girlfriends, and made and lost friends over 
rental agreements, new political or religious involve-
ments and some otherwise really stupid things. 

No one is the same for such a warping experience. 
Most have been warped in a quite pleasing way. 

After Saturday's graduation, the "tomorrow a-
comin' on fast" will be here. Many have opted to 
stay wrapped in the cocoon and go to law, medical or 
graduate school. Many will get a job in search of 
" silver and gold " to buy a car and a house or, more 
likely, to pay back a truly huge student loan , 
S50/ month forever. Many of those going to the real 
world will flee in terror and be back in school a few 
years from now. 

To all those graduating, we wish happiness, 
success (whatever that is) and a heart that stays 
warm and giving. 

Every year people graduate and leave something 
of themselves behind with their friends. 

We all owe the graduating class thanks for the gift 
of their minds (and bodies) for the past five years. 

BestofOZ 

Ti-l15r1AN STar f PA/~ of SflJES AND 
-fifO : HE" GOT 
'T"WEAIT]'YEJ\f< s. 

Letters 
Papers Trashed 
by UC Staff 
Editor: 

Investigative reporters for the 
California Review and the New 
Indicator discovered on Monday, 
June 6 that stacks of their news-
papers, and three other publications, 
were being randomly and arbitrarily 
thrown into trash bins by University 
employees and officials. The other 
publications ~re L'Clwyim, We the 
People and Abbdabbs. The latter 
two ~re new this quarter. 

Investigators have been unable to 
find any campus policy on time, 
place or manner of distribution of 
campus publications or governing 
disposal of allegedly improper dis-

----------------"~~~~'~~------------~ 
NIKI NEWLAN OS, Edilor I" Chi.! 

TODD .APPARPo.r, ItI_""Ki"6 Edilor 
PETER MESSRO.IAN, N. ws Edilor 
JEFF IE.ESFORD-HOWE. Op;" ion Ed/,o, 

MI CHELE IIDWELL, F'.' IIr"s Edilor 
JONATHAN SC HRUE., sp orts Edilor 
SUSIE IUL, A rts Edilor 
EV A WONG, A rts Edllor 
IRYAN IILVEU. 1'1t010 EdllOr 
SEAN DUFFV. G,apltics Ed/,o, 
JOHN SHAW. TrQirri",Oirulo, 
KATH.VN SHOMUn; ALLEN, Copy Edilor 

ANNAMA.IE IEZZE.IDES, Anoe" ,. N" ws Edilor 
KATHLUN DONAHUE, Aulsl.IIIPholo Edllor 
JULIE MUNRO, COlltrib • .uinC Fl!lUMrtJ Edi, o r 

MICHAEL FOULKS, Adw"is/rr, M.".,., 
SHEI'IDL DIAMOND, Of/ict M",.",., 
MIKI: MAlnNU, ArIw"ui"K 1N1I,,,.r 

""" UCSD G __ is published Mond.ys .nd Thun -
days .1Iri .. 1M academic year by .... lor lbe slud.nll 01 
UCSD . ......... --... or _ of Ibis ........ pcr wilhoul 
pc ......... is ","",Iy proIIibiled ., .... . U riPu mcnoed. 
nw G.roIiM ia _ rapoeaible for .lIIOIic:iIed _ .... 
-.-Ofllt. 

_ Scalf W......, Roben Leofte. lArry W.int/sub 
_ "' ...... : OIIvlil Brook •• Cynthia Campbell. En. Chuankin. 
Cynthia ebc:s),. Rtchard Crall. Autumn Ehrmann. Mike Foley. 
k l lh y Garland. KII)' Garvey. Linda Olan . Phil Gruen. 0 1,.1" 
Gunuekaran. Chril Ha maon, Vln HUlChi MOn, SUM n Hylta. 
Bn.n Itow. MI~' Kin. John l e&rltCy. Mark kenney. Jackit 
Ktrmani. LAura KniPP. Erik Knulun. Jeff ..... mbeth. Adam Levy, 
L«ta Liahl. Nitti Un<kmann, Philip MacOovcm, Julie MUDro. 
Nlnc), Munlner, Kllherina Peterson, U .. Quintana . Arleen Sin 
MI,uel. Chad Skopp. Ponche Shanez. Maureen Spurr. lubelk 
Tihanyi, Michul U'Ren, Letkia Vi llarrral. Sa bnna Youmans . 
P1HHocrapIMn: M olly AIcJlanckr,SlIcy Lonplrctt . Dawn Mimi· 
kunlan . Mlno Munol. Mike Oillman. Ken Reinstein. T a i k isko, 
Ali Sldl,hian. Cat hlin Sevrrancc. Michael Spa\lld lOI. Flonda 
Tiqui, LeskY Valt)wlll 
.... r ...... : RicL ford . Osmond Hol mc .. Hansen. Rna n Hsu. 
Gerardo S lecca, Jeff Quan. Peter Zell ne r 
T,,.....en: Cynth ... Che.y. Roark Dorit y. Gordon G lor. lish 
Gramma r. lara Mlha .. . CatMoM Sdde l 
Cop, ._ """0 IJo<:k . Chns"na Lo pp La,.. A ....... : SUl k &aRCI, Cynth .. Campbell . Sun Duffy. Lee" 
Li.he. KeVin Muller, Jennifer Philhps. ~niR Valentine . 
'MtrM; Adnana Alwlrcz , Vmc;ent Andrade . Jt)hn .. o n As pt n, Tina 
Correia. A ..... Gahapn. Sher)'1 Garden. Dorothy Kna pp. Pltty 
Jcu ic, Van MoinpoLir. Mind )' " ot kin . Elisa Stabile. Wend)' 
Steinle. Sama",ha! Waterman. ju lie Wcimier 
04 .. -, • .,.-•• : Jeff Symon 

n. UCSD G ....... H16. La Jola. CA n"3 
UIIerW: C,,,,5344_ 
a...-: C''') 5.M-J466 

Gutlrditllt cartoonist Osmond Holm-Hansen araduated thIs year In 
Political Science but will be back next year In the GUtlldliln and as an 
Intern.tlon.1 Relations arad student. 

~ 1--+--4--..+.: 
., t-+--+ __ ~+ 

,fJII) t--+--+-1-~ 
l.ut-+--+--~~~ 

tributiofili. 
The U.S. Supreme Court has held, 

in Ptlpish v. University 0/ Mwouri 
Botlrd 0/ Curators, that such rules 
must be specific and must include 
precise times and places at which 
distribution of student publications 
is prohibited. The rules must be 
understandable and must not pro-
hibit constitutional activities, which 
are orderly and not disruptive. 

The California Review, the New 
Indicator, Abbdflbbs and the Koala 
are consulting attorneys and attempt-
ing to determine whether a lawsuit is 
appropriate. Other campus publi-
cations are beiDl consulted. The 
combined, total number of publi-
cation copies estimated destroyed i, 
more that 2,500. 

The total dollar-loIS is estimated 
at at least S500 between Monday 
afternoon and Tuesday morninl this 
week. This figure is equal to as much 
as one-third ofthe annual budget for 
some of the smaner media, e.g., 
Abbadabbs. 

EdJton of: 
Abbadabbs 

.Irdcaae Review 
California Review 

The Gu.rdlan 
The )(oa'a 
L'Chaylm 

New Indicator 
People's Voice 

VOl Fronteriza 
We the People 

Weisenfeld Is 
Off the Mark 
Editor: 

It is a bit humorous when someone 
who normally has a clear advantage 
finds himself with Ie .. of an advan-

tage and shouts out "biu." It is 
encouraginl that these ,people some-
times get a glimpse of life "on the 
other side." 

If only Evan Weisenfeld could 
wake up one morning and find him-
self female, black, or poor. Maybe 
then he could usher the cry "biased, 
unfair, unjust." This guy and his 
slate have never suffered from a lack 
of power, publicity, or lack of voice. 

It is even more outrageous for 
Weisenfeld to complain about "only 
one side of the story." He seems to 
worry about this so-called imbalance 
in reportinl when his fraternal 
hegemony is threatened. He was less 
concerned with "other sides" when 
he and his Team Unity maneuvered 
to control the Univenity Center 
Board and the A.S. He was so 
'concerned with "other ,ide." when 
the University' Center Director wu at-
tacking co-ops this year tbat he 
spent most of his time consulting 
with the Director rather than fellow 
,students in the co-ops (they had to 
keep coming to him, forcing him to 
listen). 

To state that the Guardian is 
biased (or should fit his definition of 
non-biased) is a bit like accusing the 
press of bias for not presenting the 
Afrikaaner view when reporting on 
apartheid. The press has a responsi-
bility to the people, not to those 
hoarding power. Never mind, of 
course, the fact that the concept of 
non-bias is a myth. 

Weisenfeld, a communications 
major, must have been asleep in 
class when "objectivity and the news" 
was discussed . We all have beliefs 
and goals that affect many levels of 
information processing. The absence 
of bias is impossible. Takinl responsi-
bility for your biases and havinl 
them be known is possible. Printing 

See WEISENFELD, pIIP , 

Thursday, June 9, 1988 S 

OPINION 

"I won't bargain with drug dealers, whether they're on U.S. or 
foreign soil. .. . 

-Georae ...... 
Tinw MapziDe, M.y 341, 1911 

Here we ·were just a few days before the California primary, traditionally one of the most critical moment in any election year, and the political news is so slow that the cover story in 
Time magazine is "Should drugs be made legal?" The vote in Califor-
nia means so little to both parties, with a combined total of three 
candidates one, a radical Black preacher with no hope of winning 
that even the political news is strangely drug-oriented. The only real 
question remaining on the political front is whether the Democrats 
can afford the high-risk strategy of running Jesse as their vice 
presidential candidate, and that will not be decided until the Demo-
cratic convention in Atlanta in July. 

(Contemporary Issues 10, popularly known as the Wilderness Class, asked each of its students to take 
an "action " in some environmental area. Two students, Annamarie Bezzerides and Kelly Flanigan, 
decided to write commentaries/or the Guardian. The commentaries appear below.) 

OK, that leaves us with only big issues in the news now: the fate of 
Jesse Jackson, and the War on Drugs. And this last one leads to the 
question of legalization, which is a very vexinl problem even for 
hard-core consumers. On a recent ni,ht out here in the wilderness, I 
participated in serious discussion With two of them. It was not so 
much an argument as a discussion of a profoundly complex issue that 
troubles even the best and brightest on both sides of the issue. 

Discussion appears here more or less as it happened , with the 
names changed to protect both the innocent and the guilty. One is 
Mr. Rexford, a long-time veteran ofthe supply side; the other is Dr. 
Wineletter, a confirmed user. Neither one took a pro or con stance 
and just for the record, neither did I. 

D OC: Well , we clearly have a problem here. George Bush has lost the war on drugs. Ever since he took charge of it, the price of cocaine has dropped steadily. Five years ago maybe 
four or even three a kilogram ot cocaine cost SSO,OOO on the dock in 
Miami. Now, depending on your connections, the same kilo costs 
less than a third of that. In Los Angeles, where an ounce used to cost 
hell, what was it? 

Rex: WelJ, I'm no expert on this, as you know, so don't quote me, 
but the answer to your question is a kilo at that time was anywhere 
from S20,OOO to 52S,OOO. Now is is less than S2,OOO. The ounce price 
was 52,220. Now it is less than a thousand, and it's quality stuff. 

Doc: Yeah, the market is awash with cocaine, even cowboys can 
afford to free-base, which of course makes them crazy as loons. It's 
horrible. I hate to sound like an elitist, but let's face it: nobody not 
even the most deeply committed dope fiend wants to live next door to 
some kind of armored crack house fun of crazed teen-agers with 
machine IUns and n~ fear at all of the law. 

Rex: That's true. It was nothinllike this in the old days. I can stand 
a lot of madness, and have been known to seek it out, but this is over 
the line. What we used to call the "Drul Culture" has turned into a 
free-fire zone. Good God, man, we've come a long way from flower 
power, free love in Golden Gate Park and acid tests at the Fillmore. 
How can you measure that di~tan,ce between Ken Kesey and Carlos 
Lehder? 

Doc: OK, that aets us back to lelalization. We've both been 
8fIlppling with that one for more years than I'd like to remember. 
How do you feel about it now? 

Rex: I really don't know. I'd hate to be the one who decides that. 
There are so many huge problems, How would you control it? Would 
it be like alcohol? Would it really be lelal? Could you buy all you 
want anonymously, or would you have to register as some kind of 

See THOMPSON. pqe , 

Canyon Destroye·d 
By ANNAMARIE BEZZERIDES 
Auocillte New, Edhor 

I f half the people were aware half ofthe time of half the underhanded things developers and politicians do behind our backs, there would 
be a chance of saving wilderness that is in jeopardy 
of being destroyed . Such is the case with Los 
Penasquitos Canyon Reserve. 

Chances are, you never heard that the beauty 
and tranquility we come to take for granted from a 
wilderness area such as the one in our own North 
County backyard is going to turn into a 1,302-unit 
condominium development. 

Chances are, you haven't heard that the pre-
cious canyon is filled with bulldozers grading the 
228-acre site by 30 feet into an artificial mesa to 
build an access road to the condos. 

It seems that somehow through some rather 
shady, crooked dealings between 1979 and 1982 
the Newland (formerly Genstar) construction 
company got themselves on the right side of the 
law, with reign to develop the canyon. 

Of course. people never heard anything about 
it; it's clearly in the interests of the developers and 
perhaps any City of San biego folk who had a 
hand in the scheme, to keep it quiet, preventing 
enough people from protesting the proposed 
development back in 1979, and now they are mov-
ing in quiet steps to prevent "monkey wrenchers. " 

For this reason, we can't simply point to apathy 
as a cause of a lack of action. It is this lack of 
awareness that allowed the pro-developing wave 
to keep successfully pushinl it's way throulh. 

It's too late to save Penasquitos, but it's not too 
late for a change in attitude and awareness. Take 
the 80S to Penasquitos (perhaps as a break from 
finals) and get a look at what's left of the country 
before it becomes another set of cracker-box con-
dos. And now, keep your ears and eyes open for 
the next greCdy developer and or politician who 
wants to line up more yuppie dwellings right 
where a deer used to crOss a stream. 

Top 11 reasons to work at the 
Guardian 

1. Work with friendly, easy-golng people 
2. Low pressure, kick-back schedule 
3. High wages (really hlghl) 
4. Short hours 
5. Beauttful work space 
6. Get to read the paper before the rest of the school 
7. Read Bloom County before the rest of the world 
8. Chow out at the Che 
9. All you can eat razor blades 
10. Committment to excellence and quality 
11. Chance to be near Michael Foulks 
Irs production. I.e. graphics and layout at $5 an hour and no 

UnNersl1y bosses - Just students trying to get out a newspaper. If 
you're Interested, contact Lara M1hata at 534-6580 ... leave a mes-
sage If necessaryl! 

APPLY NOW 
Fall Internship Program!! 

Send name and summer address to Niki at the 
UCSD Guardian, B-016. La Jolla, CA 92093. 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Reagan Blunders 
By KELLY FLANIGAN 

D uring his recent visit to the Soviet Union, President Reagan had this to say at Mos-
cow State University about the indigen-

ous peoples of our country: "Maybe we should not 
have humored them in wanting to stay in that kind 
of primitive lifestyle. Maybe we should have said, 
'N 0, come and join us . Be citizens along with the 
rest of us.' .. 

What exactly did Reagan mean when he said 
Indians should become "citizens like the rest of 
us?" Perhaps Reagan is unaware that all American 
Indians were made citizens by an act of Congress 
in 1924. Perhaps Reagan defines an American 
citizen as someone who renounces traditional 
ways and values to become part of one comfort-
able, homogeneous, consumption-oriented soci-
ety. The issue of acknowledging our own citizens 
is an especially crucial one considerinl the bur-
geoning immilrant population in this country. 

Reagan had other points to make at Moscow 
State. 

He pointed to the Bureau of Indian Affairs and 
to schools on reservations as amonl our efforts to 
"help take care of [Indians). " As if without White 
culture and values the Indian popUlation would 
not be able to get along. 

He said, attempting to foster an outrageously 
inaccurate myth, that American Indians have 
become "very rich pumping oil." 

Gregory Frazier, president of the Denver-based 
National Urban Indian Council, estimates the 
number of Indians "with any wealth" to be fewer 
than one hundred, while a 1980 census recorded 
1.37 million Indians living in the United States. 
Frazier, himself. Crow Indian, received S38 . 

Reap,n summed up his take on Indian oil 
tycoons by sayinl, "And SIT, I don't know what 
their complaint might be. "If he had arranged even 
one meeting with Indian aroups during his eight-
year administration, he might have a clue. 

The Ultimate 
Cuts t. sa. 1). 

WITH THIS AD ONLY $4 OFF 
Reg. $19 

~WO·~'THEISINASD~~TS$5 OFF 
Reg. $24 



6 TluulJily. J_ 9, 1988 

OPINION 

Hunter S. Thompson Animals Abandoned in Wild Weisen/eld 
Have No Chance of Survival ~oO::;:o':7n=f:rmOfan 
EcUtor: is a non-profit organization editorial (al the GUllrdkl1l did) is 

Continued frOID pace 5 Each year thousands of do- founded by Grilloforthe purpose the aeneraUy accepted method. 
addict? If they do it that way, it guarantees a black market. You can't f . d heal' t L _- Wb h uld 't th G d' 

mestic animals are "set free" - 0 rescuing an Inl - y Ion e IMII' IIIn make drugs half legal. And what about crack? Are we going to . I ba d ed' the pa ..... - II hAS Ii t 
abandoned in parks and forests anama san on In .... let a t ose .. c que- ypes legalize thatgoddamn stuff? Hellnol N.otwiththepoliticalsituat ion d f t d LOI" L. h , ta d" 
across this country only to slowly an ores areas aroun .. now .... t t ey won I n lor like it is today or tomorrow either, as far as I'm concerned. A I h' 1 th th honelt 
and painfully die from disease nge es. anyt Inl ess an e 

Doc: But you'd legalize marijuana, wouldn't you? and starvation. Domestic ani- Grillo and his voluntccrs see representationofstudents'needs? 
R.ex: 1 think so, but that's a whole different question. mals may resemble their wild Ihe worst: a mother and her That is the type of 'bias' we 
Doc: How about cocaine? Would you legalize coke, but not crack? relatives, but they do not have newborn pups slowly.tarvingto Ihouldell.pectofourpaper.Come 
Rex: That's what I mean. It's like asking me ifl'd legalize diet pills the same abilities to survive in death huddled in a cardboard on Weiaenfeld, you have been 

but not crystal Methedrine. We both know the difference, but how the wild and become victims of box in the Anaelea foreat. There fiahtin, on the wrona side way 
are you going to write it into law? distemper, parasites, predators arc thousands of cats and dogs too lona. Give up your liaisons 

Doc: Yeah, and who's going to do it? There is no real solution that and starvation. left in the wilderness. with those Carruthers-types and 
doesn't flirt with elitism, and that won't work in a democracy not on Abandoning animals in the You can help. You can send Tucker-types and work for ut! 
paper. wild is not "setting them free;" it towels and blankets to DELTA, Who do you think will benefit 

is sentencing them to an agoniz- or coupons for dog and cat food. from a year of you battling it out The conversation went on for many hours , ranging from high- ing death. We havean obligation (DELTA also dispersea coupons with Maynard Dimmesdale: tech definitions of psychoactive substances to how Thomas to act responsibly and humanely to those who have animals but Itudents or the administration 
Jefferson would have solved the problem. We came to n.o toward all beings '- perhaps need the coupons to provide for (and before you anlwer that, 

conclusions, at least none that would fit in this limited space at thiS e pecially toward those whose their pets.) And you can help remember who elected you)? 
hour. lives depend on our actions for inform people that domestic Why am I so critical of Wei-

Maybe next time. It is a hellish mix of questions to confront in their survival. animals cannot fend for them- lenfeld? He has consistently 
what is normally the most critical time of a presidential election y~ar. I am sure that many people selves in the wild. worked tlgairut student intereats 
And maybe that is the point. With both parties already. treadan take their animals and release There are many important and andforthe wont clements ofthe 
water until their respective convent ions, there ust be an Issue that them into the wild with the honest causes in our world today. administration. When [Student 
will kccp the public involved or at least interested. Anrl current polls thought that they arc offering This is one. If you care about Center Direc:tor)Jim Carruthers 
show that the drug problem is definitely No. I . them a better life, when their animals, please keep DELTA in refuacd to sipleues for the co-

Why is this? Not everybody is comfortable with the idea that the only other alternative seems to mind. ops, Weiaenfelcl defended him by 
only issue that really cranks up the electorate of ~he most p~we~ul be an animal shelter. But this is If you wish to contact DELTA stating that "co-ops did not need 
nation in the world. already deeply bogged do~n an de~t, dls'llusion not the answer. for information, please write to leaICI." Weiaenfeld said be was 
and disastrous foreign military a~ventures, IS es~nl1al1y how to For information on how to DELTA, P.O. Box 9, Glendale, not goinl to do anything to 
prevent their children from des~~oYlDg thcmselv~s wlt.h booze, veget- find an animal a good home, or if CA 91209. separate the UCR intereats from 
able matter and animaltranqulhzers. The questlon wIII .not.goaway, you are concerned about the Sheadl Dia..... tbe Student Center (media and 
not even for Jesse Jackson, who thinks he has the solution If he only welfare of animals abandoned in co-ops) intereats, even thouah 85 
had the power, and certainly not for George Bush, who has the power the wilderness, please contact IecycIe .... percent of Itudents voted in favor 
but whose solution has already failed . Leo Grillo at DELTA. DELTA newspaper of this referendum. 
_

____________________________________________________________________________________ ~ ·~n, WeQenfeld maao the 
real reason he opposed Bard-

AW011Uln~ 
Choice ••• 

• Free Pregnancy 'Jesting 
• Early Pregnancy Testing 
• Pregnancy 7ermination 

• General or Local Anesthesia 
• Affordable Birlb Control 

• Diagnasis & Treatment Of SexualJy 
Transmitted Diseases (STDs) 

LASERIUM 
PRESENTS 

Alan Fiolan by down-playing 
FiDlan'l experience in dealina 
with Univer.ity bureaucracy 
(Itatiq that he is "having prob-
lems witb the University· rather 
than the more appropriate .tate-
ment that he is challenaina the 
Univenity - it is tbe University 
that is hari ... problems with Fin-
lan, not tbe other way around). 
Isn't this exactly the type of per-
Ion we need for this poaition? 

The lalt absurdity in Wcisen-
feld 'I letter il the reference to the 
"hiah horse" that he sees Dim-
mesdale ridina. 

Featuring some of the new ... and some of the old: 
·Shlne On You Crazy Diamond,· 

Now, lor Dimmesdale to be 
accuacd of followina "cliquey 
Greek council procedure" by 
.omeone who' thinlts that the 
UCB and A.S. should ideally be 
comprised of all hil buddiea il 
ablurd. Wciscnfelcl has 1D0re than 
once refused to let SOmeollC apply 
for a UCB poaition. He finessed 
the removal of a pro-co-op per-
son from the UCB (GSA rep). 
He bas consistently maneuvered 
bil friends into positions of 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

·On. Slip,· ·GoodbY. Blu. Sky,· ·Leamlng to Fly,· 
and many more' 

Call lie College line 
619' 535 '1379 

for StfUktfllHsco.", 

Balboa Park 

FOREIGN SPECIALISTS NEEDED 
Especially foreign country/area experts 

e require foreign student and foreign area expertise on W an immediate, part-time basis. We are interested in those students and scholars with intimate knowledge of 
Asian, Middle Eastern, Latin American, European and African 
countries. Specialists in Economics, Business! Finance, Science! 
Technology or Political Science are asked to write for an 
interview to: LAS ASSOCIATES 

Humin Resources Siaff 
1130 81h Avenue, Su lie 1 98 
Sin DI.go, CA 92101 

Also, sttI showing 
LASEROCKIN' 

Call 238-1168 for 1howIII .... 

power. Tamar Muracb"Cf 
CO-Opll and EDterpriles 

UCI Represeatadn 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 
ONE MONTH FREE plus 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Self Service storage at Lowest Rates 

5 X 7 $20 
Pay for 2 months, 
get third month 

FREE 
566-3881 

_laVal 
All ITA. 

Irvine 
Continued frOID pale I 
would not be able to fund was 
the UCSA field representative. 

Lofgen also said that other 
UC student aovernments were 
increasing their contributions to 
the UCSA, offsetting much of 
the loss of fundi from Irvine. 
Potash, in an earlier interview, 
said that if the ASUCI pulls out 
of UCSA, .. It blows a big hole in 
UCSA'Icredibility,"since UCSA 
il IUpposed to represent all UC 
student aovernments. 

"I think thil is a temporary 
problem," Lofaen said. "It may 
be resolved by the end of the 
lummer, or it may take a year or 
10." Lofgren also said, .. I regret 
that misinformation by a few 
students at UCI has resulted in 
Irvine underarads losina their 
system-wide repreacntation. " 

Accordina'to Lofgren, UCSA 
employs five full-time lobbyists 
in Sacramento. 

Crabtree 
Coatlnuecl frOID .... 3 

Crabtree, alonl with members 
ofthe Student Affirmative Action 
Committee, the Women's 
Reaource Center, the A.S., the 
Che Cafe, and MEChA went to 
the chancellor', offace Tuesday 
to sian and date her appeal. She 
was informed that the matter 
would probably be handled 
within 10days(aflersprina-quar-
ter recesses.) , 

Crabtree was charaed with 
pOlICllion of a danacroul wea-
pon lalt April after she was 
accuaed by the University of 
assaulting a police officer and 
carryina "metal knuckles" at a 
lecture last November. 

She is appealina the decision 
made by the Judicial Board, 
which placed her on "discipli-
nary probation for the duration 
of her underaraduate stay at 
UCSD," and ordered her to 
complete "30 hours of commun-
ity service," Crabtree said . 

Stolen 
CODtlnuecl frOID pace 3 
was arrelted on the spot. Since 
police can no lonacr book mis-
demeanors, Doron was cited and 
released on promise to appear in 
court. 

Trout said that Doron will not 
continue to work for Mail Ser-
vicea. 

1Doron] seemed to be a very 
aood worker, so this came as a 
IUrprise," Ttout said. 

As a result of the mail theft, 
Trout said that he hu changed 
mail-service policy so that if 
students sort mail on Saturday, a 
staff member will supervise 
them. 

Police believe that Doron has 
been Itealinaand then throwing 
away campus mail for about a 
month and a half. Doron appar- . 
ently did not attempt to tamper 
with the mail. Accordina to 
Detective Jonel, there is no 
evidence that he attempted to 
calh any checks or use any credit 
cards that may have been in the 
stolen mail. 

Police would not comment on 
Doron's motive for stealin, the 
mail. 

According to Detective Jones, 
the cale is being referred to the 
student-conduct coordinator. 

The over 315 pieces of mail 
that were recovered from the bin 

. Doron allegedly took to his car, 
and the three bundlea found in the 
high school dumpster, will be 
delivered to campus residen ... 

1rreJ8 UCSD 
Presents BUCK CLUB 
MONPAY§ 4 -8:()O" 

I .A J( >L.LA 

FREE 
FOODI 
All You Can Eat 

WeDDrtnb 
Domatlc Drafts 

HouseWlne 

~rriott. 
4241 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. 

kkr 

nB41 
FALL SORORITY RUSH 

Sept. 22-26 

For more information, write 
UCSD Panhellenlc 

Student Center 8-023 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

-GETSUMM 
The Usual Best From PMguln Del 

• WORLD CLASS SURFBOARDS 
• SPRING SUITS from 

WaveI.ngth • PWak • Rlpew! 
• Women's SWlmwear & Summerweor 

• The Best Goods With The Best 
Selvlce - Check It Outl 

'1JturldIJy. 111M 9, 1988 7 

NEWS 

AUTO REPAIR 
SERVICE 

- 'ONESTOP'SERVICESPOT, .. 1 
• 'your location for super service' ; • .. 

~ IMPORT. DOMESTIC _. fi.1 549-0272 • ~ Open 7 Days a week, from 7 Mv'I'-7 PM - . 
8278 Miramar Rd. (in Miramar Auto Plaza) 

-------~-----------------IIADIAJOI RUSH. TUNE-UP • 
• $22.00 pI::::IJ390 •• Eve<ydoy """ price 4-CYl. s~uo • 
• 0 FlusI\ COOlIng .",em 0 InSloll __ ~ plugs plus 1m • 
•

• PI"",,'a Check coolino •• Check liming and ignI'''''' .",tem 6oCYI.. $39.99 
syslam • • Adl\Jlt corbulator plus lox • 

• • ~"'iII ""'h prcpe< coolont • KVl. S49.99 • 
• • CheCk 1>eI!. end h05e' • ~~ bo!tetY 'er""",,~ plus 1m 
_c__ •. ~ co.. • 

• - I. _ "..... coupon when cweier I. wrttIen. • • ...... ,,»1.. ....... ,,»I. 
r--------~--------~--------~ S.I OR' any major • BRAKE SPECIAl. • ClUTCH JOt SPECiAl • 
· ~:= .. ReplocePQd,orsnoe' . """o,$i .. .ooplu"O.or . 
• _., • Check ","no~ cvtonder1 ..... • 
• --- • o Checkdrurm..o'm ._'c",""""ond~ 

....... ."..., • 0 Adjust all. -. • ~ ...... ,,»I. . ROOd tes' cor • • All ~ part, -------••• MoIlcars .o CIuIChDisc • a_ • Pressure "'ote SMOG INSPECTION. - DIoc - ..... !'. •• ThfooN Bean • 
• 

__ SIt." 1 ._,_no
, $".00 •. Plus tox. Inciudel parts .: ~c;;-' Or . ' I o Smog CerI_lr:ore $6.00. _": _ • _c__ . · _c__. _._ _._. 

· _.- _ .. ,-,... ....... " .... ......,,»1. • _ .. -. • ~-------~--------~--------~ 
-•.... -.... -.......... ~ 

!S2 OFF ! 
: ANY LARGE PI~ : 
• • 
:$ 1 OFF : 
• • 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • . 
~ . 
= : 
• • 
: prne'!:upon ci:~s = 
• . when ordcri"l DELIVERY I 
• HOURS: TO. yo.UR • 
• Moe·Thu. Ilam·MID ~ ~ Fri.·s.. 11am·lom DOOR • 
• Sun. ll :3Oam·MID • 

• • 
= : • 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. La JoUa Village Square • 
~ 455-0662 • 
....... --.--..... ----.-~ .. 

PARIS $598 
• lO\V8St fare to Europe this summer 
• Book now! Seats are going fast 

EURAIL PASSES 
ISSUED ON THE SPOT 

ONE MONTH .................. $320 
lWO MONTHS ................. $GO 

YOUR STUDENT TRA YEL CENTER 
Pick up a free student travel catalog I Eurall 

passes / Youth hostel cords / International student 
1.0 . cards / WoW.. abroad and language programs. 

UCSO Student Center 452-0630 



8 Thursday, June 9, 1988 

Defending~Rrisoners of conscienc.e ' 
Amnesty Int'l takes up fight for human rights 

By VINCENT ANDRADE 
CuudiM/lfln" 

In a global village whic~ is 
more like a metropolis, most 
individuals lack a voice in the 
improvement ofhu~an rights. It 
is the role of Amnesty Inter-
national to ensure the rights of 
individuals by pressuring govern-
ments who restrict freedom of 
thought , conscience and / or reli-
gion, and individual expression 
and opinion . 

Dr. Greg Cole, Paul Johnston 
and Larry Baum, organizers of 
the new UCSD campus group, 
have set out to educate the 
campus population regarding the 
potential that individuals have in 
affecting all governments' treat-
ment of their citizens . 

According to Johnston, Am-
nesty International's project has 
its origins in the United Nation's 
"Universal Declaration of Hu-
man Rights" adopted in 1948. 

The idea for this project was 
conceived in 1961 by Peter 
Benenson, a British lawyer, 
whose concern was forthe unjust 
imprisonment of men and women 
who needed an international 
advocate on their behalf. 

Amnesty International's goal 
was to work for the release of all 
"prisoners of conscience", which 
Johnston defines as "persons who 
have been imprisoned for their 
political or religious beliefs, or 
ethnic origin." These are political 
prisoners "who have not advo-
cated or used violence," Cole 
emphasized. 

The reason Amnesty Interna-
tional excludes prisoners who 
use violence, Cole explained , "is 
because you cannot bring pres-
sure on governments to release 
individuals who are an actual; 
physical threat to their regime." 
Cole added ' that though it may 
be justifiable to support indivi-
duals who take violent action 
against a totally repressive re-

"Considering the large turnout we have had so far , it 's probably just 
coincidence that th is campus is the last UC campus to have 
organized an Amnesty International chapter." 

- Larry Baum 

Rubes® By Leigh Rubin 
r-----~~------------~;__ GOOD HEAVEN 

15·HE I(GASP.') . 

gime, "Amnesty does not target 
those people because the means 
they are using are not effective or 
legitimate. " 

"Clearly, prisoners of con-
science are those non-violent 
individuals whose ideas may be a 
political threat , yet whose actions 
are not a direct or immediate 
threat to the security of a state," 
Johnston asserted. 

Cole explained how Amnesty 
International also works for the 
fair trials of political prisoners 
whether or not they have ad-
vocated or used violence, as well 
as an end to all torture and 
executions. With political action 
consisting mainly of letter-wri-
ting, lobbying governments, and 
focusing world opinion on a 
repressive regime, effectiveness 
is based upon exposing and 
documenting abuse of human 
rights. 

The success of Amnesty Inter-
national in stopping human 
rights abuses is. in relating this 
issue to other concerns, such as 
economic development or mili-
tary aid. 

"These countries may not care 
about human rights , but they 
may care about their next aid 
package from the United States, 
or from France, or from the 
Soviet Union," Cole said. "People 
in power may feel cynical about 
human rights, but no one wants 
to be pointed out," he added . 

" Being rigidly neutral [is] the only way Amnesty International can 
maintain support and respect of people on all parts of the political 
spectrum." 

The role of Amnesty Inter-
national in freeing prisoners of 
conscience, and insuring human 
rights is integralJy related to their 
own political integrity and neu-
trality. 

"Amnesty goes out of its way 
to discuss the violations and 
abuses of human rights in left-
wing countries and an equal 
amount of right-wing govern-
ment cases," Cole said. "Another 
aspect of Amnesty's impartiality 
is that Amnesty groups are not 
assigned cases within the same 
country," Johnston said. 

"Rigidly neutral" is how Colc 
characterizes Amnesty Interna-
tional, which is, he stressed, "the 
only way Amnesty can maintain 
support and respect of people on 
all parts of the political spec-
trum." Amnesty encourages the 

participation of all individuals 
no matter their own personal or 
political beliefs in fighting for 
human rights. 

.. Amnesty International will 
not kick someone out simply 
because they refuse to work on 
the death penalty, or any parti-
cular country or any particular 
case," Johnston said. "Some 
people have the impression that 
it's just a left-wing, radical 
group," when in fact Amnesty 
International wants involvement 
from persons across the whole 
political spectrum, Johnston said. 

Campus groups are usually 
involved in Amnesty Internation-
al's urgent-action prisoner cases. 
Urgent-action cases are assigned 
to campus groups because, ac-
cording to Cole, "quick action is 
needed for a prisoner in the form 
of letter-writing and lobbying a 
foreign government and their 
own, so, despite the consistent 
turnover in campus communities, 
a quickly-orchestrated large re-

ken Annstela/ Guard"", 
"Clea rly, prisoners of conscIence are those non-violent individuals 
whose ideas may be a political threat, yet whose actions are not a 
direct or Immediate threat 10 the security of a state." 

- Paul Johnston 

- Dr. Greg Cole 

sponse can be made for an 
individual whose imprisonment 
may drag on for a long period of 
time.'" 

Another principal focus of Am-
nesty International is the impor-
tance of educating the campus 
community on Amnesty Inter-
national and human rights, 
Larry Baum emphasized. Baum 
has had previous experience with 
student groups at Harvard in-
volving letter-writing campaigns 
and lobbying foreign govern-
ments on behalf of prisoners of 
conscience. 

One thing all three organizers 
(Cole, Johnston, Baum) empba-
sized was the need for people 
both willing to spend a lot of 
time building up the organization 
by becoming officers, as well u 
people who can give a minimal 
amount of time in specific ur-
gent-action cases. 

As a campus group, the Am-
nesty international chapter, 
which is being organized at the 
University, will consist mainly of 
urgent-action work on behalf of 
"prisoners of conscience," which 
the group hopes to educate and 
encourage the involvement of 
the campus community through 
the organization of letter-writing 
campaigns, and events such as 
rock concerts and guest speakers. 

According to Baum, the or-
ganization is well under way with 
SO individuals, students and 
faculty, expressing interest in 
be<:ominIJ members. Initial sup-
port also came from the La Jolla 
community Amnesty group 
which was greatly appreciated. 
The organizers encourage in-
volvement and support form all 
departments; Cole, Johnston 
and Baum are all neuro-scien-
tists. 

"Considering the large turnout 
we have had so far, it's probably 
just coincidence that this campus 
is the last UC to have organized 
an Amnesty International Chap-
ter," Baum aid . 

The group's next meeting will 
be June30at 5:30 pm in Humani-
ties Library, 1438. 

______________________________________________ ~~~~ua~----____________________________ Th_u_n_d_D_V._m_n_e_9*, .'9.U ___ ' 

r---... :::: ... ~--------------. 
II )1.1.1.1 ?!~~~!QI I 

",' .\i" -' illlt:" II' Ji."ldoOrl ""IIe\, mild tu I ltol '1"("1' ( "'-"H" "od ,I.-III IOU \ I:JlrlUlIf,'\ I 
I 20A~ OFF I"r,,/I(('/) I 

- \11It/Clln, I D ,"( I.Ii" ,\ "all' I 
I SPICE liP YOLIR UFE . with aword ",innit'g quality! I 
I "I xc·.4/~nl.f'mJ unJ " 'H;e''' ''· NaomI" \1"h"'ellII . ( f'''/'O/ ale' \ /tllwt:a I 

I ii/ ("1111/' ,,/ /l fll e'I" /111111/141 I , /II'/W 
I N ... Ul (anrd '\'tRU". ~lhlllll"l I,unl' h · 11 :.\.·2 : .~U lJinnrr · ~ ;JO·' :.lO I I ( \lllh"r, ~'II\I\\\.·I (, 11.11\1 & P /lhl"'~\.· t 454-6263 I 

01"'\.'/1 S,,'\..: n P.I\' I 'I \, JU"I1/~ , II .~'II ~\ " oIh,ll/t \ PIre" ",rs,., coupo_ ..,"'" .,.,111,. I 
.-------------------p---------------------------: THE NEW 
I 
I 

I IN P.S. I 

661fe've got the 
eompetitlon 

by the 
buns" 

EnJoy our 
FRESHLY 

BAKED SUB ROLU 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

"Freshest BUDS In P.D." 

and you're lWENTY 
DOLLARS RICHERI 
Some of your favorite 
eateries are dishing It 
out for FREEl 

So go ahead, rip this 
sucker out. fold It 400 
times and stash It in 
your now grossly 
disfigured wallet. 

Happy Munching 
and 

Have A Great Summer! 
Love, 
The Ad Bros. 

r--.. -~--- ..... -------.. --....- ... 

II

I CONGRATULATIONS i 
CLASS OF '88 

I 2 FORi 
I Buy any sushi box and receive I. o California Roll Boxfor 
.: FREE I 
I j I I .W~lh coupon only I" t~: I 
I 581 1151 ~:::.~ ;h;::;:O::;:S; ,0. I • JJ. NOIl/alid wilh any :91 _..... I 
L OIM' coupon offer -Ilk _. • -----.--------------~ r-------------------, I "The Greatest Name In Sandwiches" I 

! • I 
I 967 Gamet Avenue, Padllc Beach 273-l1<lI I 
II 2 1 BUY MY lARGE OR FAMILY SUB II AID GET DIIE SMALL SUB 
I FREE I 
I for J! II w 
II \Mth coupon only -~i.~ . 5 G"'ET~ II Good Ihrouah July 3. Not ii ; • ~ I valid with any other coupon 08'er. II ! I i I 
--------- ------~~ ~ 

Dont bother! Your best is all you can ask of yourself. At 
TacoTlmee, we try to serve you our best; wholesome 
foods made fresh every day. And while we"re both 
cranking out our best work, here's something from 
TacoTl .. ee to keep you going strong. Buy any Regular 6-lnch Sandwich 

and Receive a Second 6-Inch 
Sandwich of Equal or Lesser Value 

Tacolimee 
for 69C 

WIIh coupon. EJopirft 7/15/88. I coupon p«~. Not valid _ .:rt OCher after. 

2015GAR1ET 
AT MORRELL 

270-5450 
..sUBl :. : 
,... \' 

OPlI IAIL Y 10 AII-I ,. 

--------------------------

WANTED 
Dynamic. responsible individuals wanted for 
new and existing restaurants. Now hiring 

management trainees and assistant managers. 

Tate" 
R_DI/J~ 

Ralph'. 
Conv.nl.nce 

Center 

VIla La Jolla Dr. 
SMIN.fIOM~ 

• 
A piping hot soft tortilla, filled 

• 
• 

with seasoned glOUnd beef 
• 

• 
and cheddar cheese along 

• 
• 

with crisp lettuce, fresh tomato 

• slices and sour cream. 
• • 
• FREE DIINK RERlLS ~ 
• allItne 01 purchaM • . 

: 'It;:;;!;: 
: Taste The Real Difference. 1M = 

I tnllt one pet' cystomaf P1ease pntSent 
• when ",der'ng No. I/clld \oII/h _ oII",~ • 

ExpHI7/1/8a ~!....a:Z:::::;;::;"'.IJ.:"' _______ ••••••••• .•• , 

----------------------------------

•• 
• "Here's a Really 

Great Free Pizza Deal" 
Buy any Regular Pizza and get the second one FREE! 

• Not redeemable Friday or Saturday 
• Only one coupon per party 
• Not good in combination 

with any other oft'er. 

( II j( \ ( ,( I " (11\1 ( , I '\ \I I Ii I I' I Ii' II 1'1 I I \ 

4465 Mission Blvd. (Mission at Homblcnd) 
Pacific Beach • (619) 483-4143 

•• 
• 

----------------------------------

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

UCSD-
Stude at 

•• ~~~1~ ~! ... ~.r.~ .. 
BUY ONE WESTERN #47 

BACON CHEESEBURGER 
ANDg:FREE 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• c .......... ,.., .. 1-' One cAr per coupon. : 
• One coupon per customer per vIIIt. Not VIIId with any other ® 
• cAr or dIacount. PrIce does not Include tax. • 

ec.d IWther Enlapella. Inc. 1gee OIl pi'll he • 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.. 



10 'T1l1mdtJy, JUM 9, 1988 

BURNOUT? 
visit 

and 

to keep you 
going throughout 

Finals Week 

STARTING JUNE 13 

5 PM-MIDNIGHT DAILY 

AT ASSORTED VINYL, 
WE'RE TAKING 

IT ALL OFF* 

-"'r ~Je 
*Well, maybe not gJl of it. It's 

TENTH WEEK SALE 
10% off everything this week 

pen Monday through Friday, 10-4 
We're in the Student Center. 

Come check out! 

STUDENT HEALTH 
SUMMER SERVICES 

OPEN TO 
- summer students 
- continuing students 
- June graduates 
- graduate/medical students 

$25.00 SUMMER HEALTH FEE 
- payable at student healt~ "" 

BEGINS JUNE 20 ~ "'-
INCLUDES 
- primary care 
- first aid 
- women's clinic 
- x-ray 
-lab 

ADDITIONAL LOW COST FOR 
- summer insurance / 
- medications 
- pap smears 
- methods of birth control 
- dental care 
- eye care 

ANY QUESTIONSm 
CALL 534-3300 

INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
The Internal Rennue Se"lce has several employment opportunities in 
various Southern California locations for the following exciting positions: 

• REVENUE OFFICERS 
• TAX TECHNICIANS (AUDITORS) 
• INTERNAL REVENUE AGENTS 

IRS offen: 

• Extensln Tralnlnl PrOlrs .... ! 
• Flnlble Work Schedules! 
• Excellent HeaItIl aad Ufe Insurance, RetIrement 

od Lean lenen .. ! 
• Job Security! 
• Excellent Advance.eat Opportunities! 

To be eligible for consideration as a Tall Teclmidaa or Reveaue omcer, 
applicants will be required to obtain a passing score on a competitive 
written test and will be ranked on the basis of their test scores; OR, if you 
have or will have a 3.5 GPA or a rating in the top 10% of your graduating 
class, the competitive written test requirement is waived. 

To be eligible for consideration as an Internal Revenue Alent, applicants 
will be evaluated on their education and/ or work experience. No written 
test is requi red . 

To obtain add itional information and apphcation packages for the above 
posi tions and / or information on other technical , admin istrative, or 
cle rical / secretarial position , please call the Laguna Niguel District 
Recruitment Number at: 

1714, 643-HIRE (Voice Only) 
or 

17141 643-4849 
(Telecommunication Device for the Deaf Only) 

PROMISE YOURSELF A FUTURE NOW! 
U.S. Citiunship Rrquired. Equal Opportunity Employu 

n .... llal ........... ' .... 
II.. • ... n.,..,., "~ ... I 
.................................. 
.............................. -
.................. _ ........ 
............................. 
. ' .......... -...... ..-...... 
..... _ ............... ,...... 
,.. .................. -.... .... 
,., ................ - ....... 
........................... 
_ ............. , ... ...., ........ 
_ II ........ n all II ••••• n. 
........... uao .............. CA 
..... 

Announcements 
~ ~ """'41-. -.., ...... 
__ . \uIIPOrIIW conIrontaIon r~ 
_ Inner conIIcI .., ......... ...,.."... growItI. 
...- "" rI" group ..... ponk/pInb. 511-1110. 
16oi'I 
TKdtime 591 tKoI Mtd frft drink ,.. • Ume of 

~ T~ .... r ... -.nc.. I~ 
T ....... 5 .. ~ W«'J SundIy. "' .. _ .-. 
_ <II purctIose. T_IIw .... -.nco I~ 
_ on ~ job7 CII "2·1769 for proIi!uIonII 
1ogI1.......-.,~ 

TIIdng"" Lll\T In Oct-.7 Now Is IIw limo III _ 
_ "/111 - IIw key III success on .... tostI CII 800-
455-_ for ~/nIb on ~ _15ft"', 
I\IiIgI'C ·,.,...w seen us II yo. lOng. now ............. 
c:anw lor OUt' very LIst ft'WIl • " 's our Iat Commuter 
-. ~ . ...... I1f\ 7:30 • 8:30 .... 
C_loungo. ThIs will be ytNI .... <N;u III 1ft 
IIw _ Commutorll<Msory _ in oaIonI _'s 

I~ 
_ wontodI5oriou> _ J>ogonner1. for SIn IlioV<> 
... pi'OID shooo this ......,.... No 0JIIl0II0n<e nocos-
...,..Clllorlnlb. ~_ ....... IErtcl457· 350616/9/ 

c...., Counsolon -- pr/IIIlO - ,..,.". ~_Boys' .,...,. Goner .. ~"-;rlClio 
_CII215-572-8222or_""""182. ~. 

1'1119095.1~ 

LMe nIgIit SIUdjI hours! llW H.L IiOra;y ....." SIUdjI 
___ lis houn until )...,. Thoselioun wII 
be __ !tom ...... 5 - .:Ulo 17. I~ 

U. _ '1CIti'_'" _ -.. IISN for • 
--.g~. Emn....,. ~ For-.. 
InIo. corIUClllSlO in .". _ C..- or CIk 514-
'-·1"" 
_roogr __ .. _1lSNl1ponIsh1pNldng 
_~ C_lISIOlntno_c..-
... -._ ~_IIwGo;;w_'6,/9/ 

DoesytNl_,.. ...... ...,,100,.,..._. 
_ nIgIit SIUdjI _1 H.L·, _ .... __ 
.-_ untI·) ........ Nr-. 5 - Nr-. 17. 16oi'I 
....... ,.,... ........ U, ......... __ .H ...... 
__ ot __ ..... _ ... c-. 

~by.".~-~~ __ 16oi'I 

Housing 
_ ....... 122011<" _ -....-11<" room IlSod41 _ ~ ____ ""'I' 52. 
_ "'II<"_~""-'l99«I301O ... 
- ..... -_. 16,/9/ 2 ___ 4 ___ 10 
__ UCSO. Own ___ _ I-

dtyef. '-. poaI.jI<uuI. HoI""""'_tD 
... 1n~CII_' . • 27H111 In -*916oi'1 

- -= OM'I - IIrgt _ IIIW\I 
_ " a>ncIo: _ ., UCSO. __ 1115/Wm. 
5%-tOI) .... _ . _. "'" 
I .... ~. ___ lG yr. "'" I..CSO_ 
-. ... _., ......... _w ...... 1n 
c:-.- Of VTt: ___ by Nr-. JO. I .... 
_w_.GiII. ... U5-.. 71._ ... 7I9. 
"'" 
, .. - .,... '" ~ SIUdjI- - --... __ • .." ot tIIo 12 __ _ 
__ .....-.~OI __ IO 

- II......" _____ • '*'*"" 

--1IrIpIK2. -. --....... . ~ 1-2-_ '*101I.175I\iIa. ..... ~. 
.... _ ..... _nl~. c.1~ 

"""_,~'''' ___ 7 ... Joe .. or 
_ ..... ..-..l'arplaon ..... __ poIIqr 
_ 715 __ ,... "I. SIn OlIgo. CI\ 

- ·1"" 
_OI....-._~ .... _ 
... _In ___ ... VTt:. 4S2-2lSl. 
,..... 

_ ...... IIngIo _ in UO.- eoa.,.-
_tacrou ..... _I-.jIcUDf. _ . ..,.,. 
_ .... ~ cIf/ 457-l9I4. "'" 

--.... --_ ... -
_ j\.IJoIIIIlS7.SCV-"" 4U46l4. 

• 16oi'I 

SUMMER JOBS FOR 
THE ENVIRONMENT 
EARN $2500-$3500. 

PIRGs are hiring summer 
campailP' staff in 60 
cities, includiRl San 
Diego. Los Angdes, 

Berkeley, Boston, 
Wuhington D.C., 

and Seattle. 
Career opportunities also 
available. Call Kate toll, 
free, 1-800.-622-2202. In 
San Diego call 279-5553. 

__ '" __ room DtgInnIng In 

SOpt..-. uo JaIo TerT_ .......... "" GiMw1. J(). 
--"-.2SCV-+IO_.C" 
_.452·3_1"" 
COncIo ...... ·uoJaloC~._In~. 
2_ 1/4 -. poaI.joIUaj, _ . qui« 
--"'''-'!I-&_~ . C11477·9109ar 6'IO-5147. 16oi'I 
F ....... __ b .......... o..n_. 3 
..""a>ncIoln Eallllufl. In mi. oo.tIIl..CSD. w/d.-. 

III'.~. pooVjk...., __ ...,~ 
1,13OfII, 1325 +\1 uti. GIno 515-90S4. 16oi'I 

--. SIngIo--" ,I250/mo' __ b 0ISI'1I0InII. <INn _ ... cancIO on _ 0rIw0. 11 
miIostmtimlol.lNo-"_orc:oucn_ 
........ CII 4'M 'I\Jfn. 5JS.0142. 16oi'I 
Condo. tw. I..CW. _ .Mi I. !else S'I5O/mo .• 1 
_/IY>_ pouoi . pooIAo<uul45U727. ,6oi'I rwo ___ ., ___ roomln 

IWO __ -""*" ~ 1.2_ '""" C..,.,. 
UOrM)/ Ontt Il40 NCN _ or-"",_, 
CII ' ''' ' n; 450-'280 or 517-2711.1"" 
_ ...-. tpodous UWenIIy Cily _. 4 
_ . 2-'pooI;_cIoaJr _45_17 
I~ 
_ >lngIo b r ... 25O/mo '" .... 190""" uo 
JaIo c-.y. pool. joaI. dIIIl w_. /oundIy. ~ 
w .... Fumbhod. 2.5 _ Q1145l-4437.161'11 
/loom for ... Ib .......... only) In 1 bdr, 2 bah now 
_In [)oj _ HoIgIa. _ . dtyef. _ .... 
"epIoco; In. Vffy qui« __ ,~hood. ant,-
IlOCIfmo· _lndl1OOdojIoJII. Non-_. 1«Ious 
.. Ig/I-~'Il ...-. ",-'ed. _ ...... 2IJIh 
C .. _ or Kurt. 792-0865. ~ ........... 16/91 
_ ,."... WillI possIOIIIy b yo. ~_ In Sept<m-
bOI. 11M +1/1 utiltti<s lor ""'" """" In condo willi 2 
""'"' -"" In Ger>nH~. CII_IImj. 
Of DMd • 535-0156.16191 
__ • 1250/mo. own room. UIundiy. pool. 
caolL _'/1 · 9/10. ~",noc.458-1925. 

I~ 
2 rooms ... r .... in uo JoIII __ l«ross 110m 
1IIIpI1s.1 Securit¥ COftlI/Ol<. pool. jKuui. ........ ,,~ 
__ . Mus< !leO. MOO/mo. 455-9515. 1~ 
__ • _10 __ 2 bdrm. I ~ '" 
_ in CImL S295/mo +Y> _ & I. mo. 
dOpOIjt. c .. ellOn 027&-1972 I~ 
__ : SIngIo room in Ger>nH ~ 
condo. 13251Um1s11ed. 1300 __ 2_1Iom 
~. 2CMIII' • . _ ...... 19 · SOpt.18. C .. 
T.." Of Mil. ~11l. I~ 

Wanted 
c....,~-: priIoa- ........ 

. _Boys' c....,. aon.. ~..-;r ... 
_ .c.12155nI222or_ .... I2.~. 
""19095.16oi'I 
'IQgurI ~ in uoJalo .... _ ~ ... 
........ __ ........ nI.....-...... AjIpIy 
.. _ ).5 .... IOJO -.y ...... 1Id. "'" 
L"'*ing ... __ 1 fA" _ II<" hour. _ 
-*9.' __ HIrIng now. _ "21. 197-
"50.1"" 1"' __ ~""'-:-CGurWr 
Ir..,. _ CammunIIy c:.... . cIf/ ,.._ 
,..." 

~._IIIa--""r";':': 
' ..... ----9fIOddrllilnl" _~ ell for_ 456cOMt. "'" 
TOGO'.ot ___ NrlngU1_~. 
AjIpIy In _ • ., Gomft _ .. PI 27_,6/'11 

--s.-.,---~"",,-_Ior __ -, __ _ 
........... , ................ IIIIAIgIII. /IsI<'" UncII. 2lO-51111"" 
............ -"""'_ttwCGurWrotSinCiogD .. 
__ ..... 1ftIttIIL a..g VI 101 ......- .. 
__ . GIft ___ ~_j<IfI 

~ ~ I¥Nr-.11III. C_ VWU 
0IIa _1lI1.1 ..... 
............ -"",,,In __ .". C"""'Y 
til SIn DIIgD ~ /rat •• _ . Do: 
-.II. _-. writing. ............. lor ~ ___ --..-1In 

0I0g0~. c- -Olla 6M-1lI1. 16,/9/ 
~_ ... 2"'_""'gIrf in Dol MIr.-' 
__ • lIoa' 1tlurI._~. ,,_12. __ 
<II· 16oi'I T ___ Nrlng-" __ """"nI 
-,..... -. .. .". _ . l"1)li 14.50. 0 .0.£. 
AjIpIy In _ •• 7 \l1li uoJalo Dr, II.o.l~ "'" 
LaaI--.ogoncy-.g .......... __ 
--"'--.---. ___ I I 1 .... pIitJY_~ 
_. __ ~. I'ar-_ 

- 54H~-*'IlL I"" r ___ NrIng poapIo ... ____ 
-. _ -'AjIpIy In _ •• 7II1II uo 
JaIo Dr. PI)' M.SO 0 .0 .1. 11.0.1.116/'11 

~ ." fIIl/7IT. nodi ___ ., 
.-----.............. fII¥I. Or .... Oood. \II1II """ ~ C .. _ 2D-J6~ 
IIDcIIr 45)._ ~ _ . 16oi'I 

s..n-tJmo & ,....-___ lmriIodIoIefy. 
r-12OO P*' _ worI<ing 6 "" P*' __ FuIHJme 
poIIUOnIlIIo _ . T_ 4_)11. 1~ 
~_".75 __ lUitingr ... _ 
COrp . .. ..-__ .......... ..-. 
No ~ required. CllIor _ . SIn IlioV<> 
277-7515. _ C"""'Y 942-5254. uo -. 464-
-'6oi'I 

For Sale 
RDPOI __ - TWin bed. mint ~ 11000li0. 
CMI ~ .. 5%-8O!iI. 
Boo/ts. »yr. pro_I coI«tion oItJ/new. 
pb/hb. 1400 """""'" S700 1_-S7.0001 wia 
split 221· 7170. 16/91 
_ ........... p3ftsmooctio. Arr~.IIM-20rims. 
SUncour nullS. Duik. Allnuriy new 481-1626.16/91 

C~bIo WI ~. I'mect. Now point. 
!Cp. 1rUrior. Runs gre ... 15.000 olio. 453-9815. 
16191 
StIng lidcetsl .JuIoJ 28. tho Forum. ElIcoII<nI ~IU. 
Sell for ~ ~ price. 453-9815. 16/'11 
71 buG;uns _ • .- rww dutd\. 1600 olio. CMI 
4 5301173 1ft« 6 pm. 16,/9/ 
Must sell: One _1kIr« 10 Chic.Igo on ...... 2 1. 
ond q.-. sized H2O lied w/IW_d ond 
book ...... c.1 ...t moIIe me on _ . Jell 792· 
0622.16/91 
Buick ~ 1969. runs 9'_ new biItOIy ond 
tires. PrIc. S5OO.00 Conuct IIoDenD It 587-_ . 
16191 
__ d Equ/prnfnt..,I11/..."chondise_ 
_ , a.gain de31s ChoIIengor 456/45S-
9843.16/91 
TWIn bod. e>coIIeI'tt condition. w /bOJ< spring 3M 
~nrm mattress. SB5 olio. CMI Julio. 452-61114. 
16/9/ 
TIcket for II'rf PSI\ _ Wldu<Ing 11/..", 
ington. Orogan & othm. Througt16/15/118. Price 
~ 58HlSI8.16/9/ 
For .... ; belUdlll wood dining ~ 54".42" w/4 
c1IIir>. McMng. _ SffI. 110. _ ....... It 
452-7454· 16191 
PIone tld<et- Son DiegO 10 I"DftW1cI Oregon. one 
w~ .Nne 2Ottl. SIOO. 74 7-5991 ~. I~ 
Suzu'" GS5SOE 1983 ~ - 201c. --= fN< 
tile. rings. a..In. _ ~. c.Ds dNned. 
MoW1gto_. $12000li0. 546-91n IIDb. 16/91 
Furnitur. In good condition. con nold unal 
~ W nteeSSIIY or tMce now. Doll< lSOoo. 
dress« ISOoo. <DUCh ISOoo. 2 "'""'*'!I chIirJ 
525.00 IYCJ1.I'1d11gf ,,...-0li0. 455-1117.16191 
MuIr sell: lIMn bed. !lire rww. SB5: _ 2'''061' • 
SJO; 546-9104. 16/91 
1974 ...-..agen Super _. runs ~ nood 
tIr. InOad. ~ .......... prru. 11500 aIIo. 
411-6816. 16,/'11 
ItIl DIaun 20IIu SIP SI. fIIICUIIe. ~ 
p,..".""., ~pJbrIIoa. ......." ....... 
.rilly rtmL ___ ....... 4 ...- AM/FM 
.-. "II -. ~SJ400. 481-4127. 16,/9/ 
IIqde lor '*;~ ..... __ .,... MO 
CIllO. QI1452-702I. 16,/'II 
CiilnlIOIkI __ - gtIOd _ • loG ot 
_.!pIC21n It! ISO 5S2-Ol1I.I6/91 
.'" _ HI. ~ At:. 651<. .- p¥!I. ..... 
.,-MAt ... QJOO/oIIo 4Ss-<l197. 16/91 
'IIEI( 520 D/q;CIe. 5 ~aId. cut In gaod ShIpe. 
5IaIIclo It ...,. c.II NWIJ • 452-Je. 16oi'I 
_ ~C70_. HoI ___ _ 

pIpo. NsIoft. .• NIl- _ new - .1IIIr\' 
.., .. l_ ......... _...t.lDtot-.nto 
ricIe.GlutIor ....... _ID ........ ldDnl 
_. _to ..... _. 45)-m). """ 
For '*: '81-"1'aIIpon. ___ 
Gr.-cr ....... _lAsldng ISSOClllO. \/Ira. 546-
S8'I7.I6/9I 
ScubI_ suit. .......... /bIt. will .. 5~ It 
150-!65 ... 110.00 Greg 453-l2II. 161'1 

Services 
COMPUlU ISlE_OJ IIEMIII. CMopuo p/d< ..... IDw r ___ c.I; SJS-09JO. _ 
0.1<. ~ 16,/'11 
..". r ~ ..... .-.,1&:"'. .."....1Ot _ ........ __ '*""<a 
c.II ...... ,6,/'11 
CALCU.IJ5 SlUDENT5: _ ~ _ lor .". 

~ _ "C&U MIlle e.y-iSilp 
..,SIItp~~ .. ~-­
- EASY-. I6/9I 
---- ..... PIfIM. ......, ptQCIIUIng. a-II'Ir*d -.. 'IUIIIIIr. Fa _ . C. J1ni1415-
0230. 16,/'11 
_ on tlwjob7c.11 79l-17691br ptOIessionII 
.-16/91 

#1 GUARANTEE 
#1 PRICE 

LSAT·GMAT·GRE·MCAT 

word prOCftSIng - hsumos •• my IP«IIIIY. 
'~. _____ . LBor prirUr. 484-5996. 
~~97 __ "I-I96S . . 
cIIys. _ 774. Dol ~. 16/91 

IIIOIIOPIIOCEStING. THESIS· MMAJSCIII'TIlCIina 
• Flit. KOJrIle. _ IDw , .... Open 7 ~ c.I: 

26H979. I~ 
DIscreet """"" I'IIMI1IIer ...t ~ _-"'II 
_e. SHnpIo. --. eccnomIaI. For lis,",*,!! 
domansUMion ell- 491-1573. I~ 
EcIiI/ng/\IIrItk _e. Gr_ RUdont_-
lenced ~ copyodting ond IrI!Nnce 
-.g. ....... __ . 1heIs. dIIse<talons. bOOb . 
Ediling. rewoiIiIg. ....."d pro<ftSIng. ~ 
aiticism. ...t ~ consuIto<lon ~_ . 
__ ,lIeS. _ . 546-1956.16/9) 

I'IIOFES5IONI\I. 'l1OlIO Pll<XESSlNG. STUDENT 
RATES. 7 DI\~ 1\ lIIEEK. EXCEU£NT ENGlISH 
SklUS 7SS-261l. 16191 

word proussIng - 'eporu. II'en. equodons. 
, ........ ftC- _ prIncet -SCUcIenI r ......... 
5_16/101 
T'II'ING-TIWseI. "".Os. MA~ Tomt All Ibrmm. 
"""}oI>l- _ '])-9596. I~ 
WO/IO PROCESSING: SI. 75/p!!. Fmt. 1'IcI<-up/-

~ S<udonI rlIsc.lItq.~. 5ls-<l209. 
16/'/1 

~d f'IoauinQ- Low am Iem> popon. 
tIlosei. reu...... IBM-KI UIIof printing. c.I 
Nodine 57&-0496. 16191 
I)png/Word ~ IIurU ~. SpoIling 
CD<ifCt - IIPA - rush joOs sp«lMy <~renionl274-
8305. 16/91 

f>lperienced ".-" tw/ng. IBM w~ print«. 
S2.00/DS ~ - """""0UIput IMir. Mevl 5JO. 
0470· 16/9/ 
Tutonrl!I- 3 _ method tow .. d bette;- !l'-' -spodoIIzing in _ _ . ~~. 
""....- r ...... _ hours. \lie'" hrIp )IOU 
0"" lor eums. Info or Ipp<. cIf/ Lrt¥lCI 25~ 2028. 
16/91 

Personals 
0uII-m0nst..,. I'm going '" miss tho MEU. out of,.., 
mo'L \Iobnge<. 
\9111 "- _ OWI)IO'IO lois til Iud< on __ 
"-. rad ..-116oi'1 
"'_:Good Iud! 00 __ n...._ su_ 
16/'11 
1C8h"SunGod" ~yos.,...lljust_tD_ 
.., 11M< endIng'- ... ,.,... bIIng _ .. tU 
"'"'*'II,.,... -..... __ I 10 • -. s.-t 

'T1tursMy, JUM 9, 1988 II 

Tilling IIw LII\ Tin 0<1000<1 Now b .... _ '" _ 
"*' Ir"," - .". "I)' 10 IUCCOU on .". IfttI CII ~ 
445-)144 ... _/nib on upcomng __ , jSeo Id.I 
,."., 

fpeIIiSpinilft. c-LMguIgO_ ""'pIIce 
tD -. it. _1ioufJ -" dIy. Cu/fur. _ . IIIId 
• __ • '1IIII1y """'O-I\IICII> 4-254 62430 
C __ . 1711 15-4i>-4]. I~ 

IIIIOICEN COMPUTERl1lO1t STEII£Ol ~pIdWp. 
lOW ,ae. _ air C .. : 5_~. 
16/91 I..CSO ____ _ 

_ .. r'IDW hire ... )IOUI ~ for ... IMIugh .". 
..-& _ye' "'-' _ . c.1 SlH44J.I6,/9/ 
I CA'1' , .... IIiis ~ I..CSO sc.--.c _ ~ 
-.. b ".,.. '" IIOIp )IOU _ ytNI CD'IIIk1>. 
_ disputes. rNl/onslilp canIIcII. ~ 
_ ........ )IOU' poa 01 mind. c.1 SlH44l.I~ 
IIII\NTEO:]I poopIo. \lie" POY)lOU '" 10Iu"", 2911 ... 
In ~ _lO dI)Is" Or. ~ l00'I0-''. 
___ • C .. ~. 452-171o. l~ 

Hono)/1I '""" b going , .. t OUt In my ". .. _ .... 
~. \lie wIII_¥ be togoIhoI. " """" _ . I 
iCM )IOU. Honoy<. I~ 
TIIdng thO UIIT In Oct~7 Now b ~ time '" _ 
"..., a. fir! -~ kl)' 10 JUCCOSS on ~ t<StI CII 800-
445-3144 ... more inlb on UJ)COm/n9 daMsl 15ft "'.1 
/6/91 
1\ spedoI O'cIII' ID someone..."... spedoI Down undofl 
_ lIN .., miss _ 10m GI"''''' .. ~ . )'OUI' 
_inllw_ · J&T· I~ 
SH£NIlI. OIIIMONO. MIJ(E WllmNE2 IWD JEFF 
5'IMON: llWmost ~ ocMrtIsIng IUiIItnis lido 
of ... ~. lIZ. 60 ""'"' of fur>.1I11ed. ""'" fr ... Gua'dions _ . _·r. _ --)obi VI., 10 go 
..,an. lDoIO. ~ 16/ 91 
_ 3 p/OU '" .~7 H L'I __ ~ _ wilt 
_end ... noursuntiI 3 ... ~om~ 5 · ...... ,716/91 
You don't need '" study wim)'OUl' snoring momma. in 

~ room. SrudjlIn H L's qui« ••• until 1 ... E_ 
~ 5·.:Ulo 17. 16/'11 
I'my. T,1Cl' F. DIn. .. )IOU !J¥ •• me 00St. 11'IIi*s for 
., _I*thdoy ... Dilnl. 16I'II 

~ • ..,~wno_ roging5lCurclll'nIgnt My 21st _ the bet. _ 0I0nI. I~ 

Dirt< RIgouIrd' John 000 "'1CIy. 1InI11)'111>1r* )IOU. 
MInny""" Too bid I missed INs _ foua<. F. 
_nowon .... GIIE. NIIwit." .. SCrrMo_,.". 
CIlUrieri HuftUglI6I'II 
Apple til Wi Eyo. I "** _ "'" _ ......... ...., 
1IuIinoss ..• e.."..." IdDmg )IOU. I4f9t 
_s 10 "'" end -.., thO IJo9ir*>g1 0IwInL ,.,....(e 
ttw -. SpIIn's _ be -' _ • ., my_ 

~ _ [)oj MIr. _ .. __ in 
_~~ -. -"-" 1IS1G 

1'ondIjI. llayl/for _orjust tnt cNcI< - - r---------------
I.EI "'" 
To"'" U6- _lor . .,... -' GoooIIud< tD .. tII 
)iOU . .-... 16oi'I 

CG9-.,""'-~-.., .. 
_II1*'II_ \IW;e gaIng to ... _ .. ~. 
I"'U'-ot_,..." 
HoyAIpN o'.-.. P¥ftod lor __ Goodludl 
~./..,., 
~. A*. c..-Z _ _ .. _c._ 
-... _ '. tD _. nlli> l1li141'1 
rotntM __ f'¥IIlJ9spmgtll ·l7. _ ..... 

--. --" ___ D14 """-"'" ___ I_tD_,....GoI __ _ 

DOl. "'" 
"' .... ""gaodludl""_~. ___ ond 
......... """"41'1 
_'II&SS1\Mn:'IbI __ IIw __ _ 
... tnt _ CiII)o. 16/'II 

-,.,...-IIIY----~. I .... 
-,... -.. OIly. "'" 
-=- eon-.nIIy.l..CSO. ,_ -. 5:10 .... 

~ __ 12. __ SaI/II1Ina.dM. _ 
otllw_lJIrIIy.c-_.., ____ 
-I..,., 
_. __ , ........ ,.,... __ b"u, .... 
._., ___ ....... _ot_ 
__ Hpm.lIw __ eewr.---'Dr 
1Iw~_~""" 

lbe DIS IS LIN&UII&( PRI&IIIM 
Needs lDIIJII Tuton 

__ ....... ~_K I.,. 
at ........ _"118, 

·u _ 

~t .. m'tI .. _, .. .,.. 
--, .. ~ 

..... _ , .. 1M r .. ..." .. 
__ t .... tII_17 

534-2284 

,.._AUTOPORT'MALL MIRAMAR __ 

~ Mo. Mechanics 
_____ exclusively 'IW and AUOI 

Service a Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

-----------------~ 
I 20°/. ~I!~~~! 

• 

~ ale •• 
: If You Have friends wtth Ws. Ask Them i 
• About Us; It They HaYen, DllCovered 
I Us Yeti Ask Us For Reference •. 
• 1170 MIRAMM 10. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nRE .-

~----------------~ 

-



Il nawsdily, June 9, 1988 

------------------~----------~~~~~~~--------------------------

$~~9~~nJ.-of-~-~ 
I~OJIIeWO/'1w Y_ - Chris 
McCallum. Finttime ever awarded to a 
woman. She is the Clall of this colleF in 
all of lhe sports she does. She does a pro-
fessional job and hal fun to boot. We'l 
miss ya. Hope the PYI liave learned 
somethin. from you. EMPIY BEER CAN 

A WAR D S 
1 9 8 7 

H old on here! It must be Ihe award time of the year! We've had the Oscars. the Emmies, the 
Tonies, the Victors ... so why stop now? 
Let'S give some awards with some real 
punch. Something that can knowck your 
lights out. I mean, hey! Let's give an 
award that you have to drink first. At 
least some of it will do some good! Let's 
give out some EBCAs. You know .. . the 
Empty Beer Can Awards.'For allthe 
great and not-so-great accomplishments 
during the banner year of 1987-88 at 
UCSD Intramuralandl Why not? 

Sounds like a good idea! OK . .. then 
here they are ... the best and worst of 
this or a ny other I M yea r. 

B~., Sporls Fraternity on C • ..."us - Phi 
Delta Theta, Phi Delta Thela, Phi Delta 
Theta, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Delta Theta. 
Count 'em, that's how many of the IFC 
Tournament titles Ihey won out of six 
tournaments. Come on guys, this is ,et-
ling boring. Are Ihere any other fraterni-
lies on campus? 

1 9 8 8 
No Clen O/IM Yu, A wa,d - To the 
wimp who wrote all those nice things 
aboul Eddie Tael (pronounced Ti-Ie) in 
Thr Koo/a. At least you could have 
signed it so lhat Eddie could have had a 
friendly liltle talk wilh you. 

PoP.()J!, 0/ tlw y~., A ",.,d - Sigma 
Alpha Epsilon (SA E). Sometimes they 
backed it up, sometimes they didn' . But 
you could always count on a fairly close 
imitation of Muhammad Al i. · We gonna 
kill 'em!" 
Mak Atltkl~ of 1M YiNI' - Doug Roche , 
in the first repeat of this award. Dougie 
has won so many championships he 
stopped counting at fifty . 

F~mak At"t~ 0/ 1M Y~., --Linda Ross. 
We alllenew Linda could play volleyball 
and in January we found out she could 
dominate a basketball court, 100 . In Feb-
ruary she iced the award by shallering 
the all-time women's record in the Super-
.t .... competition. It talees a special ath-
lete to step up to intramural competi tion 

Coed Volleyball Play-Off Preview 
COEDAAA 

TOP SEEDS 

1. Shut Up And Lose (21 -0) 
2. Six Bench Warmers (1 4-4) 
3. U's Not That Hard (13-8) 
4. Superwhales (12-6) 
COEDAA 

TOP SEEDS 

1. Paust's Flaming Balls (19·2) 
2. This Spike's For You (16-0) 
3. Something Stuped (16- 3) 
4. Dig ThiS! (17-4) 

COED A 

TOP SEEDS 

1. little Rascals (20-1) 
2. No Dinky Balls (17- 4) 
3. Really Doesn't Matter (16-2) 
4. Team Tomba (15-3) 

COMMENTS 

This should be 8 lock, but just once would it 
be nice to Shut Up those guys at the 
top . . . anyone up to it? 
CItalrylfHuIl/p G._ - S ..... y , PM 

If you 're looking lor a couple 01 allernatives. 
try PHA-Q or PHA-Q II ... they've got the 
right pedigree and they've been there 
Cltampiorultlp G_ - S ..... y 7 PM 

How can you not like a bunch of little Ras-
cals. However, you can bet that they won·t 
win it! 
CItaIrtpIouItIp G_ - Stutby , PM 

Super Softball Sunday Finals 
Men'.AAA 3:30 Warren North Field 

Men'.M 2:15 Warren North Field 

Men'. A 1 :00 Warren North Field 

Women'. 1 :00 Warren South Field 

CoedAAA 1 2:00 Warren North Field 

CoedM 11 :00 Warren North Field 

Coed A 1 2:00 Warren South Field 

from the world of intercollegiate sports, 
a nd Linda did il without misstng a beat. 

Dr~ .. For Sue« .. A ,.,.,d - Is there any 
question? I really like a lea m that isn' 
afraid to take a fas hion risk and Ihe 
Swim Fags are always on Ihe CUlling 
edge when it comes to sports apparel. 
Whether it was Speedos (men '5 or 
women's) on the baSketball court or 
Hefty ba,s in the pool this crew was 
always dressed for success. Next year 
when you see Michael Jordan wearing 
nothing but a Speedo wit h his Air Jor-
dans , you'l know where he got Ihe idea. 

Butlwrlur'l Sp«MI Gohhrt Kq A ,.,.,d -
None other than A.S. Presidential candi-
date and unfortunate loser, Andrew 
Waldichuk. T his is the only Presidential 
ca nd idate I have ever openly lone public 
wilh an endorsement of! What a plat-
form. More TG's. more parties, more 
drinking, and more drinking. What. 
guy! T his Bud's for you, Anthony. 

WAIIMr oJ ". YiNI' - The fin t year med 
student who ripped me in an editorial to 
1M GUII,dian a bout hi. soccer team. 
Hey, I like the publicity, but to rip a nice 
auy like me is downri.ht mean . So 1 101 
some facts wronl. It 's not the finttime 
a nd it won' be the lut, I assure you. 
Who cares anyway7 You know what they 
say: •••• 'em if they can't take a joke! 
Folio,.,"'.'" Bir B,olM," Footllqn 
A ,.,.,d - Hudson Elliot must have heard 
some areat slories back when he was in 
Irammar school and big bro was a 
BMOC here 'cause he jusl had 10 come 10 
San Diego and ruin his liver too. 

Blow" Cd 0/ tM YiNI' - It's the AAA 
football semi-finals, fourth down, lhe 
clock windinl down, the play ends in a 
cloud of dust and everyone waill fo r the 
ref to mark Ihe ball . Did he aet the fint? 
Did he aet the fint? Head Linesman 
Mike Theilma n, fisht on lOp of Ihe play, 
turns and says -I don' know . ~ 

1M', Ft-W WI • .,tI A ,.,.,d - Andrew 
Wilson has been an 1 M official for years, 
but never lot any paychecks and never 
complained about it . Turns out he had us 
all fooled . He had made a special a rran-
aement with someone in accountinllo 
have all his earninas put into several 
Swiss accounts which have recently 
matured. Rumor now has it his next 
move will be to buy a team a nd brina 
major kague baseball back to San Dieao! 

LEFTTORIGHT:NIdy ;ToI<enFr.IIoy'· Grfttw,S-"FinaIyGr~' Kent.fRnk "Far 
FilzgeriICI. MaIn "Mfy MInIn" IJeD. ScoCI "eon ICIng" ".."..,. Doug "I.M. Goer Roc:tIP. 

The H..cI Luck InIr ..... r .. Sports .... 
INTRAMURAl SPORTS AT ucso CRANIC£D OUT ANOTHER GREAT ONE IN 
1987-88 and whtIgood reason. Thehlredhelp_outsUnding. You don'tbuild a 
national reputarlon without aadc troops ... ChIs ye. _ had a buncIe of them. 
Adam Ueb, Steve Kent. Doug 1Ioche • .Jeff Il10, Eric Turner, Scott PIasman, Iv'Dj 

Gr~, and the or sIdpper hlrrRIf Frri ~ . . . they don't make 'em ¥ry 
better. 

But they do make them a lot more foItI6)aCe. 1 mean let's fKe It! These guys had 
a tough ye., personally. It'S a wonder IhIy're slil around 10 saIlOr the many 
erjoyable dIy5. weeks, and late hours they _ up 10 the 1M populace. 

Lrt's see . . . Adam was held up at gunpoint last tall gening off WOI'Ic and had all 
of tile 1M results and s.cheQJIes stolen (nor 10 rnerwlon his CM'. Doug only had his 
trucIc stolen a couple of times last ye., WhIctI_ an I~ on the ye. 
before. ~. the 0ucIcman OrigjnaI, went all aI 1987 without getting some and 
were stili not sure about '88 either. DIM' bUddy, Slew . . . well. JOU'd haIIe 10· 
really know him, but ~ ye. In Slew's II/'e /I a ~~. You'd haIIe 10 
know him to appredatr him, 

And then there's Eric. who graduated at ~. and got a rNl job . .. poor 
soul, He'. be on his knfts In two rnontns cursing the day lie left true nInIana at 
UCSO IMs. Scott and Iv'Dj are true 1M rooldes and their only IIIIsfonune Is !hit 
they tnnerIt tnIs whole 1M madness for all aI nett yNI. 

AndftnaHy. _halletheone. TheonlySldpperofallSldppers.1Iig Frank. What a 
year lie had. lDCked his keys In the SA ofIIce tlmI! after arne. And boy, did lie finish 
strongl In the biggest softball game of his 1M CMftr against the team lie wanted to 
drill the most ... the big ~ walked the ftrst six batters of the game on 
24 COIlS«1.ItM balls. He took hlmseII' out and hasn't been the _ since. Yes, It 
was a tough ye. for the 1M Sports AssIstants ... but tI1ey'l all be better people 
for It. Next to the MarInI!S, no one buIlds ct\aracter better than 1M Sports at UCSOI 

Prints of life's finest moments 
by marci aronovitz 

The Museum of Photogra~ 
phic Arts is currently featur~ 
ing the early works of two 
French photographers, 
Jacques~Henri Lartigue and 
Henri Cartier~Bresson, titled 
"Lartigue: Panoramas of the 
Twenties," and "Henri Car~ 

tier~Bresson: The Early 
Work." 

The exhibit is unique in that 
it presents different views of 
twO photographers from sim~ 
ilar backgrounds. Both men 
considered themselves paint~ 

ers, but earned acclaim 
through photography, which 
was initially a secondary 
hobby. The wealth that both 
photographers came from 
affected their works in dlffer~ 
ent ways. 

Lartigue focused on what 
he knew, His photographs 
depict the active aristocratic 
life, and are very family ori~ 
ented_ They are expressive 
shots of life's finer moments. 
Hil fascination with mechani~ 
cal objects luch al bicycles 
and automobiles is beautifully 

captured in his photographs 
as well as the feeling in their 
movement. 

In his photographs, this 
f~eling of speed conveys a 
sense of freedom (especially 
because mechanical movement 
was new to people in the early 
1900s), Lartigue's work was 
innovative in that he photo~ 
graphed spontaneous images 
and action. 

Bresson is a more celebrated 
and influential photographer. 
He is a photojournalist and 
the exhibit is rare because it is 

a display of his early works. 
The influence of Cubism and 
Surrealism is apparent in his 
photography. He was con~ 
cerned with everyday reality, 
especially of different cultures 
-people living on the margin 
of society. 

He has an eye for gesture 
which enables him to capture 
the grace of natural body posi~ 
tions. His photography is 
Iympathetic to the desperate 
people he shoots. His photo~ 
graphs always contain a cer~ 
tain amount of tension and 
drama which often create 

mysteries rather than explain 
them. 

The 90 Cartier~Bresson 
images in this exhibition evi~ 
dence his precision and con~ 
cern for composition - get~ 
ting all the formal elements in 
position at the perfect instant. 
He once wrote that he was 
"determined to 'trap' life -to 
preserve life in the act of 
living ... 

The exhibit will run through 
June 26 at the Museum of 
Photographic Arts in Balboa 
Park, open from 10 a.m. to 5 
p.m. daily. Tickets are $2. 

Freud: the personal and the scientific 
by cynthia campbell 

hi.CUI writer 

Sigmund Freud, the father 
of psychoanalysis and one of 
the most famous figures in 
psychology, is brought to life 
in the Hahn Cosmopolitan 
Theatre production of 
"Freud," As the title suggelts, 
the play is an in~depth por~ 
trayal of Freud as both a 
scientist and a man. It explores 
his personal relationships and 
follows the development of 
his theories and the ettect the\" 

have on him al well as society. 
The cast consists of one 

man, Harold Gould, who 
excels In his portrayal of Freud, 
The play is Itructured like an 

intima~ conversation between 
Freud and the audience_ Gould 
il constantly addressing the 
audience in one long mono~ 
logue. Gould draws the 
audience in with his intimate 
tone. The other characters are 
invisible_ He talks to them 
only to demonstrate their 
relationship with Freud. 

The play, written by Lynn 

Roth and directed by Lenore 
Dekoven, reveals both Freud's 
philosophies and his personal 
life. It portrays him as a man 
who luffers from the rejection 
of his ideas by the plycholog~ 
ieal community not only for 
their shocking sexual content, 
but also because of anti~semitic 
sentiments, 

The play depicts a man torn 
between his scientific training 
and the unscientific nature of 
his theories_ His devotion to 
his work causes the failure of 
many of his personal relation~ 

ships, yet he is obsessed with 
his work and its future. The 
play is kept lillht~hearted owing 
to the anecdotes and humor 
that have been weaved into 
the storyline, 

The play is not for everyone. 
It focuses solely on Freud and 
his theories. Although excel~ 
lently done, it takes a definite 
interest in Freud and psychol~ 
ogy to keep an interest in the 
play, otherwise it tends to 
drag as it gets away from the 
personal and into some psy~ 
chological theory. A basic 

knowledge of psychology is 
helpful in order to understand 
some of the humor and dis~ 
cussion of theories, 

Gould, an accomplished 
actor for both stage and screen, 
turns out a fine performance 
as Freud. His natural flair for 
comedy is evident in "Freud." 
Alone on stage, Gould carried 
the play and delivered a very 
believable performance. He 
concentrated on his voice, 
posture and gestures to create 
a realistic picture of a man 
from a very different time. 



. I 

I 

I 

SEARS * * * *****~ \(,.. " ***~ '(Lf. ,..M f. S 
, \}./ 

••• dlt 
.nd recy'cle It 

-- . 

= __ =_ gOings-on 

Members of the La Jolla 
Civic University Symphony 
Chorus will be performing 
music of their upcoming 
European tour in two benefit 
concerts. " Cathedrals &. Cas-
tles" will be presented at 7:30 
p.m ., Sunday, June 19 at 
Solana Beach Presbyterian 
Church on 120 Stevens Ave-
nue and the concert will be 
repeated at 4 p.m. on Sunday, 
June 26 at St. Andrew's By-
the-Sea in Pacific Beach. 

• • • The West African Dance 
Band " Une Igede" is appear-
ing in a special performance 
this Friday at the Che Cafe on 
the UCSD campus. Members 
of this talented group come 
from Trinidad, Nigeria, 
Ghana, and even Harlem. 
Admission for this perfor-
mance is $6. 

• • • The band " Otis Day and 
the Knights" of It Animal 

·House" fame will bring 
" Shout" and other hit favor-
ites to downtown San Diego's 
Broadway Pier on Saturday, 
June 11. Escola De Samba Sol 
y Mar and Borracho y Loco 
will also perform at this out-
door dance extravaganza. The 
evening-long gala will include 

fireworks, no-host bars and 
complimentary food in a car-
nival-like atmosphere. Ad-
vance tickets are available at 
the downtown Symphony Hall 
box office and TicketMaster. 
Order by phone at 278-8497. 

An all new Laserium show 
set to the timeless music of the 
popular rock group Pink Floyd 
has opened at the Reuben H. 
Fleet Space Theater in Balboa 
Park. There is a student dis-
count on admission. For show-
times call 238-1233. 

• • • Due to overwhelming de-
mand, the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art has sche-
duled a second series of 
screening of the acclaimed 
"The Beatles: Rare Tapes." 
This program features entire 
filmed and Videotaped per-
formances of the Beades in 
concerts around the world. 
" Some Other Guy" is the ear-
liest known tape of the Bea-
ties' first performances at the 
Cavern Club in Liverpool, 
England in 1962. A must for 
all Beades fans! On Friday, 
June 10 there will be one show 
at 8 p.m. On Saturday there 
will be two; at 7:30 and 9:30 
p.m. Tickets are $5. 

Raving 
all the 
lVay up 

by larry · in traub 
hiatus writer 

With true American roots 
stretching from Pittsburgh to 
California, the Rave-Ups make 
music in an old-fashioned rock 
and roll way. The name alone 
stirs up visions of gritty, fast-
paced music, something the 
Rave-Ups happily provide. 
Touring the country in sup-
port of their new album, "The 
Book of Your Regrets," the 
Rave-Ups are showing Amer-
ica that rock can be fun and 
meaningful at the same time. 

Calling the Rave-Ups a band 
that "really gets involved with 
the .,roduction of their 
music," drummer Timothy 
Jimenez spoke enthusiastically 
about their latest work. Hav-
ing been legally bound to their 
first record company, Fun 
Stuff, for a frustratingly long 
time, Jimenez spoke highly of 
their new label, Epic Records, 
"We thought we'd have to 
make a lot of compromises, 
but Epic was real supportive. 
We had to fight for some 
things because we have a lot to 
say, but they've been real 
good." 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
..... ---------------UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEOO----------------4 

Spring FmaIs Week 

JUNE 
13 -17 

MONDAY-FRIDAY 
9:00 A.M. - 4:30 P.M. 

Buy-Back! 

Under the tent. 

.... -----..... Regular hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15p.m. Saturday 10:00 a.m.o4:00p.m. Closed Sundays 

2 hiatus June 9 1988 

SATURDAY 
10:00 A.M. - 4:00 P.M. 

534·3770 ---.... -----...... 

Wall of surrealism 
by adam levy 

hiatue writer 

"Wall of Voodoo in Aus-
tralia," a. a whole, is an album 
that is interesting because of 
the abstract, surreal images 
that the music creates. It's a live 
album, so most of the material 

provide a demented feel. 
"Living in the Red" is espe-

cially good. It's an anxiety-
ridden tune in which Andy 
Prieboy, the lead singer, 
laments indebmeu. It draws 
the listener in through its fre-
netic weirdness, strong 
rhythmic pulse and chaotic 

undertones. 
The second half of the album 

parallels the first. The songs 
"Far Side of Crazy" and "Ring 
of Fire" continue to project 
the warped feel of the album. 
It also contains Wall of Voo-
doo's avowed hit, "Mexican 

See VOODOO, pate 6 
isn't new. Their performance, IF====================~ 
however, does capture their 
hallucinatory flair. 

The sound is composed 
largely of synthesizers with 
vibrant percussion, producing 
an edge that is uniquely Wall 
of Voodoo. Despite the fact 
that they have not received 
large-scale commercial success, 
they have not given up their 
unique sound and style. 

From the start, with the 
first song called "Red lights, 
Blue Lights," the listener is 
drawn into a world that is 
slightly warped, on the brink 
of sanity. The song is furiously 
toned and conjures up hallu-
cinatory visions of an under-
world which exists under our 
very eyes, diametrically op-
posed to the facade of order, 
and sanity that society pro-
pagates. 

The album continues along 
these lines with the maniacal· 
sounding songs of "Wrong 
Way to Hollywood," Living 
in the Red" and "Blackboard 
Sky." All three of these songs 

Hmmm. well. I wanted to go out with a bang with this music trivia 
quiz deal but I guess I'll have to settle for a whimper, We ~ ~ one 
winne- this week. congrarulatlons to Paul Fedon who won a fr~ 
album of his choice at Asson.d Vinyl 158, 98 list or lessl, Now)'OU may 
be asking why only o~ wlnner1 Well. to tell you the tth we had only 
one partlcpant -just think 1f)'OU - ~ you - had written your name 
on a piece of paper and tumed it in to us at Assorted Vinyl you could 
now be listening to the new Dylan album or Prince or Van Hafen on us 
here at AIIorted Vinyl. 

Now'for what you've all been waiting for. our big winner of the S50 
gilt certi"cate Is Valerie nMnyt. who started her answering spree 
from the beginning of the Allotted Vinyl trivia quiz, Since ADo,," 
Vlnylls closed "nals week las well as CNer the summerl. I have tour 
more things to say: I I There Is no quiz this week 21 You will hiIIIe to stock 
up for )'OUr summer Hstening this week 31 Our traditional 10th week 
sale is on - eveI}'thIng Is 10 percent ami ancI41 HaII'e a good summer. 

~ you next year, 
L.c week's .1Iwen 
I. The Grateful Dead. the Velllet 
Underground 
2. "That'll be the day" by Buddy 
Holly 
3. Tom Peterson of Cheap Trick 
4, The Strawberry Alarm Clock, 
Roger Ebert 
5, James Brown 

are strong and continue to II:::::====================::::!II 

r-------- ......... ~---------, 
I YOUR OR OURS? I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I ~ I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I What are you planning to do with your stuff during Summer Vaation? You can I -
I cram it into your car and carry it to , , , who knows where, Or you can store it I 
I with us - SENTRY STORAGE - at a cost that is surprisingly low, I 
I • We're convenient to the UCSO C<V!lptlS I 

• Open 12 hours a day, 7 days '3 week 
I • On'site in51nnce available I 
I • All storage supplies you'll need (boxes, locks, dust covers) available at a I 
I minimai cost . And .. 'II provide you I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I I Plus, tor a lilllited ti11'II • •• 'M"" 0< 11 " """ I 
I UCSD STUDENT SPECIAL! I 
I 50% OFF FIRST MONTH'S RENT! I I .J(feI good only II1IIth rental fA 3 months Of more. ExpIres June 30. 1988, I 
I ~~ I : 8440 Easl Gate CI 458-1950 SE ..... IIIY : 

SELF STORAGE I 
I For More Iftfonutioll: I 
I DIAL A-S-E·N· T -11-Y 
I (273-6879) I 
I Other stOr.Jgf lacllitle5 located In Vista, Poway, Santee, Lakeside, Lemon Grove, Las Vegas and I 
L PI!oenIX BUSIness storage aiso avallib~ VISA and MasterCard ACt1!Pted .. 

-------------------

Just like in L.A. the HOTTEST olsen IS HERE! 

GRAND 0 PEN I N G N I G H T 
JUNE 18 th. 

You'll be our Special Guest, be there! 

II ••• THE ULTIMA TE EXPERIENCE" 

• 7,000 WA TTS OF MUSIC POWER 
• .. LASER LIGHT SYSTEMS 
• THE MOST SPECTACULAR 

INDOOR FOUNTAIN 
• 7' OZ. MARGARITAS 
• LIGHT SHOW THAT WILL BLOW 

YOURMINDI 

T"'/»61 D.J .• in .ction .'1~ night 
SPfti., ."ention 
NO w.iti"f/lin ... 

, YOU HA VE TO SEE IT TO BELIE VE ITI 
LAST CALL 5 A.M. 18 & OVER 
INFO: (706) 684-2119 

Now clo$e, to you in Tijullna. half a mile from the border (beside Culturel Center) 

Coming soon live music the best group 's and singer's from U.S.A. 

I 
I ! ' 
I 
I 

i 
I ' 

i . 
i I' 
i 

t 

·1 



Musing and Ramblings 
of a wac ky staff g/~!;~;!::'f~ ":,.~~:;"7.~~.:;; wonder WllYt IcInd of perMJII worb for 

tllis ",.ce7 Often tlte onlll IIMII to 

th t I d 't d· {amlllllrlae //Ourself witll editors is to a Wo U n I e glle tlllt trell tllrougll one oftlte wt eUCIlyptus grolles on campus .nd join Ute Sgf{. Since It', /I,.." Ind OIIr 
lutlssue of tlte /lei" we thougllt we'd 

NlKI n~WLVfDS 
UIIor ,. CIt'ef 

When Greg "'acCrone (A-s. l'Iulr 
Senator, 86-87) and lIyron I'torton (/'few 
IndiatorsWflMmba') , graduated last 
year,l thought there would ~ no more 
Interesting news on this campus. How 
wrong I was. 

As my two year "reign" at the 
Gu.rdiln draws to a close, I ftnd myself 
wishing It could go on rorever, Well. 

may~ a few more weeks, anyway, 
.... 11 just be here ror a few minutes, I 

promise: ' many a friend has betn told, 
They usually lave without me, When I 
try to uplaln what the GuardUn means 
to me. I find myselr at a loss for words. 
The wonderful friends, occasional 

reter JIIt8II'Obiaa: Always available 
ror a DIxie. Currently on the disabled 
list awaiting the further dtterloratlon 
or his arm to Padre level, 

Todd bp,.-,ort: Causation may 
be debated, but the effect 15 that sun-
rise at that Jesus thing on top or 1'It. 
Soledad, 
- SUIIt s ..... : ",y- good friend des-
pite a language barrier, room-mate sta-
tus and nrlous traumas: and Tim and 
Rachel, despite 1'I0nopoly and cartoons. 

Without these people. the experience 
ofretumlng would lllve been Inftnltely 
less pleasurable and exciting and Im-
oortant to me, I won't miss this school, 
but I will miss all or those people 
very much, They are the bra friends I 
have in this QocI-ronaken hair or the 
state. 

SIDe gou tIIIt trip .nd share our ",ost 
perso,..' lItougll" about lJCJD, lite 
Guardlln, l/fe, etc. 

annoying people who cI.mor for frtt 
publicity. the playful dogs who COlI us 
Into taking. breIk and the rats which 
Inrest our walls lIIye swept In IDd out or 
my life here IDd haYe Clused me 
anguish. Inspired me. made me raise 
my yoIce, and glyen me some or the 
bra moments or my life. 

The GUlrdlln hu undergone • 
metamorphosis, or sorts. The last two 
years hue Ken drastic design changes, 
Including the coDYersion from .11-
graphic COyers to .II-news coyers. /'Iext 
year we'~ hoping to join the 70s .nd 
"go computer:' 

Under the auspices or a new editor, 
the Guardiln will continue to Inronn. 
eduCite and annoy the students and 
administration or UCSO. With. staff of 
close to 100 students we'll try our best. 

(rswourn-' 
\ \...0","(3 Ultor 
:rYe o..d~ly J~~' 
~jS befOvt: ,-. ~..., 

~i~"~ , .. a.+ 
+i "'Co "1: ~d 1/ 
o.lis~ \~ \'lot h. .... 
., .. +.,.)0 ~ \4«( 
":[ ""oJ\::cJ i.u-o +i.lle 

JOHnSIlAW 
""'.'" DlredM/UIIor lied 
Sometimes errors get Into the paper, 

Sometimes It Is the fault or the writer 
or solMtlems It II the flult or the 
section editor, Sometimes It Is. type-
setting mistake or production mlslllp. 
And sometimes It Is San's flu It. 

In any CIK It Is nner the edltor-In-
chlel's flult. So I'm telling you .11 In 
Idvance. lfyou spot.n error nat year. 
keep It to youndf, If for some ~n 
you have some kllId 01 penonalllllCle-
quacy that COIIIpeII JOU to complain, 
complain to someone beskla me. 

Put simply. ITS /'lOT Pn' rAULT ud I 
DO/'IT WAnt TO HEAIlITI Just keep In 
mind that I l1li 0II1y one penon. ODe 
penon who .... 11ttIe tllIIe to spiff: IDd 
even less to listen to whining c0m-
plainers. 

If everyone follows these simple 
rules no one will get hurt. this IIIeIIII 
you I 

Yes.lolks. after SeYen (or Is It elght7) 
,ars,IIIe's finally got her degree, Well, 
almost - two weeks. four clapllId 18 
hours u of this writing. but who's 
countlJlg7 Anel. no. not seven (or e1ght7) 
consecutive years - dar, tlllt would 
be aUlruslng. 

Let's see - ~ wu. yur In PIiry-
lad •• JUI' In illinois:. yar up around 
Ventura (CI.) wlY: I year In /'lew 
York: back to MaryIud lor I lew semel-

111Mg __ 

BRYAn BllnlJ 
...... uUor 

When I started here tbree yean Igo, I 
had DO Idea how fir I would go In phot& 
JournaIIIm. I thought It m1g11t be fun to 
work for tile school paper IDd urn • 
few bucks. But. through the years the 
Ouardian has become more than just • 

after my first cover plloto. It was SUelll 
thrill to I« students carrying GUIf-
IIYns with my photo on tile cover, and 
to see the <llW'dl.tn rac:k.s full of papers 
with a photo, shot on every toYer, 

I started getting IIIO~ uslgnments. 
uootlng more photos, and becoming. 
real photo-:Joumallst. As I larned how 
the Ouardian worked and got to IInoIr 
the editors, I found tIIIt I wu DOt work-
Ing for .n,oDe. I wu IIOIkIag with 
evayone, 

this yur as photo editor, I hive seen 
m.ny new photographers start out and 
slowly develop. u I did not so long ago, 
I also learned • lot about developing 
IDd printing - after I developed . 

hu~ 01 rolls of film and printed 
thousands or prints. I hive been able to 
work clOIdy with the otIIer editors to 
Improye the photography In their 
sections. 

I would Uke to thank John Ashlee. 

__ ~~~ ______________________________________________________________ .. ~tome. 

• After .. y ftrst few "'gnments. I 
ArIMJIIAIUf BfZZ~R1DES who has her life complttely planned, "Adonis," and spend the rest or .. , IIIe rallzed that my photos w~ being 

Dwn "'a .. lllun"'" ad RIch Pec;Iak (or . 
tIIdr lIIItOIIrIII'tIeat IIId help through 
the years. I p.... to punue plloto-
journalism profaslonally and I will 
always relllelllber the Gu""'.,. as the 
ptace I got my start. bMIdaU ffe_ UItor rlrst, PICk the 01' resume with post- trying to make • living as. writer willie seen by thousucls or students. And 

___ tlons each year It the GUIIdIan (not to seYeR little Greek brlts run .-ound • 
Yes, lam a freshman, so stop asking forget ~ltor-In-Chld), graduating with 'ery small house, 

Jfrr BfnsrORD-HOft 0,1.'0. Ultor 
La Jolla 15 an unlikely place for me to 

be. UCSD Is too, When I look a short. 
slx·and-a-half year break, this campus 
was an active, exciting place. I can't say 
the same thing about It now, but the 
people I've met have challenged, sup-
ported, and cared so well ror me this 
past year, 

fIIark mold: The only person In La 
Jolla who knowsjadl about Ry CooeIer, 
And Gall, with whom "'ark argues about 
Ups. 

JIIkbael Dedmon : The best history 
student I know and the worst cook: the 
only person I know who can wear black 
and plaid, 

Kelly n_,,1I1I 
Hearts so open 
Puce in my"",s 
A IIome to grow your restless soul 

me, And cIon't ask me how I lowly. a double ...,...nd two minors (In four 
meek IIIlr-person (that Is wlllt fresh- years, of coune) IDd then, graduate 
man are, rlght7) got a position as an school at Harvard. IIIvlng been granted 
editor, because this lowly, meek fresh- numerous retlowshlps for my Inaecll-
man hasn't ngured It out yet either. ble scholastic achievements. 
And chances are that by the time I do. /'Iext. work rorthe LosAllgelesnmes 
It'll be time to graduate, (the resume Is looking better) eventu-

.... ybe It's all the pressure and the ally proceeding to be AIle's news edI-
gray hairs that attract me. Or maybe It's tor, meanwhile raising the perfect tam-
the coming home at four In the mom- lIy or 2,43 children and writing. book 
Ing. bleary-eyed, only to nnd myselr on the strategies of success. 
locked out or that nllty little dorm O,K., now how 'bout reality: IlIIn no 
room, lelt to sleep on the floor with a clue about my lire - I have no ~, 
backpack for a pillow, A real tear-jerker, no ambition, no direction, I'll probably 
huh? be here for six years, end up as one of 

I know~e got It. I'm pretending those wacked-out lit. ~ors, go to 
that I'm one of those ambitious types Greece, be swept orr or my reet by an 

SUBJlCtS NEIDED 
EARN 

EXTRASS 
for a research study of 

Birth Control PillS. 
Earn S88 ~ry month. 
Donate plasma. Study 
while you help others. 

New Hours For Your 
Convenience: Open 

UntIl 6 PM Mon.-lIturs, 
Examination and Birth Control 
Pills provided at no cost. Call 

Donna at 299·2570. 

For information call 
226-17JJ. 

Essential Blologln 
3340 Kemper St, #101 
San Diego, CA 92110 

4 hiolus June 9 1988 

ROBERT lLon~ 
.. ....,.". l4Uor 

I've worked for the Guardian for six 
years, and It's been fun. 

H.nglng around with graIIItl writers 
all night. telepllonllg professors at 8 
Lm, the next day. photogrlphlng cops, 
watching deadly dull A.s, budget meet-
Ings, scraping production room tables 
with razor blades and eating food from 
the CtI( care were not my Idea of fun 
when I started here In 1982, but tlllt's 
changed. 

So has UCSD, The Sun God w. 
IDStaUld when I was all-eshman, 

I r..am.e here a callow freshman .nd 
.m leaving a seuoned senior, so aside 
from the flIn factor, I guess that makes 
It all worthwhile. I'vc If:II1Ied u much 
at the Guardian u I'n learned In lOy 
class, and the editors were friendlier 
than a lot or professors. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

call 279-5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 1 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 921 11 

Regrets7 /'lot really, I never became I 
section editor. but section editors don't 
have fun, Walt: ~ Is 0IIf: th .... I do 
regret, I dlcJa't mention Horace Walpok 
In an article tills yar, 

~ow I am fulfilled. 

0fIN 7DAYI 

ters (1'10, I w. not • Yapbond; there 
were good reaou for III tllae IIOYO. 
but I shan't bore you): thea 011 to uao 
In 1984 •• t which UIIIe I tIIoutJIl two 
yean at the ",o.tl for tIIIt clue 
degree (hal) 

Stili undecided as to what I wated 
to be when I gmt up - after III. I wu 
only 36 when I c:ame to uao -1IO.BOt 
my bust ".,.,mIIML lIlY 1IfII-1IId. 
yes. 36 phil four yan later equals 40I 
- lI¥lnl proof that It', never too Iatcl 

AllP.ay. two yan turned IIIto four 
• I dlalged my ..... for tile third 
time In seven (or c1ght7) years - but 
thlt's okay, for It meant fllllly nlldlag 
my nlelle and hlppl_ (7) In literature. 

It Il1o meant fllHllng the 0 ........ 
and meeting ad working with 101M 
very Impresslvc people, ad people 
wllo hive becomuery, veryeJarto me. 
Thanks guys for your PIlfeace ucI 
understanding - tIIoI9 at this point 
It'a probably more accurately termed 
reslgnatlonl Thanks to you Karen ad 
Cllrlatlna for your upert IIIIstance. 

A special thank-you need go to my 
son. .. Talk about patience and 
unclentandlngl I cIo believe the poor 
boy ... forgotten what 'home-cooIIed 
meal' means. Thank you,lWCdlleart -
I love ,ou, 

I'Ilcn~1.E SIDHU. 
,....,..Mtor 

I stili IIIvn't figured out how I went 
I'rom being oa acade .. lc probatloa my 
ftrst yar here to getting the dlstlnctl¥e 
position of reatures editor my graduat-
Ing quarter. Sounds like I moved up • 
couple of floon In this helllsllinlerno. 
Of course, I did take the elentor -
Englllh Ut, ~ can do that. you 
know. Seeing IS how tllings are going 
so well. I sbould hive DIn Ratllcr's 
position wlthla the next few ye.s. 
rlght71 But that's another story, 

This hu ddlaltely been one helluvi 
year, It's mind-boggling. abloiutely 
.. Iad-boggilag. You know that you 
IIIvc had ,our shire ofwlld experIenca 
when getting I'aII'aded sends you Into 
g11181e fits. I IIICIII, whit eI6e C8 

\MIh IhII ad. \Iolld thN 6/16/et.. 

EVA wonG 
·AlUl4Uor 

Iy this time next yar, I'll Uve jut 
·ftnllhed my ftrst year of law ICIIooI .t 
usr, 1'JIIt's going to be such a different 
uperJeace than my four yean at ucso, 
I won't be lI¥lng at home, eating .t the 
Che, or working It the au"""" .. , 
pal nidi one I'U miss the moet7 

/'lot eating at the CIIt comes dOle 
(I'lIlum how to make tofu-mllosoup), 
but now world. at the 01' Q Is prablbly 
wlllt I'll .. Iss IIIOIt about UCSD. Su~, 
It's been three yean of working clalDn 
hard for low pay. but then, hey there 
were other rewards. Well. It least I 
think there w~ other rewards.." 

How can one even tItInllof asking for 
mOtley whn you have memories or 11 ..e 
nights, frustration, and believe ;, or 

SlJSI~ .~~L 
AlUUUor 

·"lIke ,our time .nd eJ!Ioy life as 
much as pouIble" hu .In;' been my 
motto, I suppose that's why It hu taken 
me five yean to graduate. And IIthougll 
there hive been many ups and downs 
over thole yars, being a part of the Q 
aew'" probably been OM or the ups. 

Yes, there IIIve been • lot of times 
tIIIt have IIIIde up for those long. late 
nights with short tempers. The 1'11& 

not,love (whatever that Is), to keep and 
trCIIUJe IIarever and ever7 

I've been knowiIt"O IJIpe about thll 
place. and I'U admit, I'n even lilted It 
at UIIIa. but IS • whole. UCSD would 
hive Ileal cllmn boring wIlllout this 
place to _g out at. Hdl, where eIIe 
would I nlld people that could put up 
with my C11lnae-AIDa1c:an prllICCSII 
ways for so IoIIg711 

I can truthfully say tillt It was 
tbrough working at the CiUInIM (and 
being. communication 1IIIjor) that I 
found the real me ,., /'10. the life of the 
"Cllinese-American prllICCS5l1a't for me. 
I wut to practice social law (akin to 
sodaI worIl) someday, wlllell doesn't 
euctly rake In the bucks. but will be 
gratifying to me In the emotional 

--I can't put Into words how muclll'lI IIIss thll place IIICI Its peopld 

JOMnLVI SCHREnK , 
",.,. Uftor 

How did I ever gtt myself Into all 
thls7 

It's been almost two years since I 
first stepped Into this shack they call 
the GuardiMI. looking for a way to get 
Inyolved with the school, 

That was back when they would 
make sports writers out of anyone wbo 
breathed, 

day-night production crew was the 
coolest. and the results or our quests 
for good. yet dlrt-cheap food will. 
unfortunately, stili be frequented by 
me for a while, I don't expect to be 
making much more tllln I make now. 
whleh Is a pmty pathetic realization. 

llut. It's off to new and exciting 
adventures. And while I mut admit 
that I know an awful damn lot about life 
In general, there are stili two things 
tlllt bailie 1IIe: 1'Irst, why II "'II slskr 
tbe jewel or cut county? Second. bow 
can people mix' up me and ~.7 

now, two years wortll or deadlines, 
meetings, stories, Interriews. layouts, 
pictures, headlines, captions. jumps 
and llouse ads later, I'm taking a year 
off, OOlng to 1I1rm1 ..... m. England to 
drive thdrecUtor-1n-dI1d up the will, 

Thll year w. ddlnltely a experi-
ence. Take. for eumple. tile Issue-
From-Hdl, We saw the sun go cJowa and 
come U~r"'" we ftft stllliookilltlit 
the same bIaak layouts. TIIIt night 
confirmed .. y dedsIon not to do this 

for a IMng. Or, eYeryOllf:'S l'a¥ortte. the 
times what JOU .... udge the length of 
an .-tlcle by lllnc:hes and IIIve to nil 
tile IJIICC. You tboIIgbt tile Sparta CaIat-
dar was for ,.,...1 ..... tIoL 

tlon staff, /'Ilk!. Todd and whoever 
hlppeaed to be nlght-dIUng llkiag 
"AlIIIOIt dOIIe7" every five minutes (not 
that I didn't deserve It), But for some 
reaIOII, I WlDt to come back when I' .. 
tIIrougll with the IIrItIIh. 

happen to me77 I know thll whole year 
has been some sort or allY test to Ke 
If I CD cope with the perils or the lUI 
IIIOI1d That's 0.11. I can handle spending 
some time In I rubber roonL 

But I gotUI tell ya. working here at 
the big Q hu really meant a lot. I have 
met some of the greatest people (aside 
from the filet th.t we ~ all plagued 
with. toucb or 1IIISOCIIIsm). And. to all 
you editors. thanks for letting me ~ • 
part 01 It. I'll remember you when I 
move Into the Copley oftIce. 

So, wlllt's next7 Qracluate school? 

With only live writers to satisfy the 
aI ... 30 hIterooIlegiate teams ad 
dubs braUI.... don ., HCk for 
publicity every week. I can't II)' It .. 
....,. lUa IIId gama down here. 

You'd go crazy, too. with the procIuc-

TODD MPPUPORT 

~Ither 1' .. psycho or there Is some-
~lng about this place that makes It all 
wOrtJiwIIlle. 111 miss you III. but I will 
be bIckI 

"....UItor 
Too drunk to respond, 

Internshlps7 Full-tIme work at Pk:I» 
nalds7 I'll just be hanging out. taking It 
easy for awhile. Seventeen years of 
school - yes. I do believe It's Ume lor a 
break. I guess 111 IIIvc to say, ''Thanks 
for tile memories." One last question 
thougIL ... ~ It's some sort of meatal 
IapIe. but did I really volunteer to havc the JIIItY at "'II house71 .. ______________________ .1 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

NM ............... 
S".a.I C".,. S"...,,,,.,,.. 

CALL usnRST 
584-6400 

WEITLAIO 

Call US today for a free 
personal rate quotation 

FOREVER TRIM. TAN l.un.lrH .. /0_1y au ~ hu. 

I 
I 
I 
I 58&-6222 IWlflVt minulu/rom campw! 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Villa La Jolla at La Jolla Village DrIve 
3251 Holiday Ct, Ste. 204 

UCSO, AbcNe ..... R-ftAftA 
St. Germain's -.v.rvyVY 

3IlIc ..... 
011 RIo Nord! 

UI5 
I GEICD l And Aftlli.~.. J 
_____ CLlP&SAVE ____ _ 

• 



!he Broth .... 01 SlJma PhI BpaIIOD 
wish to congratulate the 

SPItING '88 PLEDGE C1ASS 

Dominic Andrada Randy I<1etger 

Jamie Erlicht 

Shane Harmon John Sung 

~------ on their Initiation 

Ed ca"d oHers sa · s 
on deferred SLS and 

PLUSJoans 
CAPPa) AT GRAD SAVES YOU IIC*EY! If ou choose to deler 

your payments . the interest WIll accrue and be added to the 
Pfmc!pal (capitalized) EDUCAID caprtahzes on)' ONCE you 
graDuate or drop below half-time YOU DON'T PAY INTEREST ON 
INTEREST while you are In sctlool-a SIbstan1Ial savmg to ~ 

See t Fmancial Aid .admmlStrator at your college for elig I 
ormatJon And then call EDUCAlD. 

6 '1 alus June 9 1988 

Sacramento, lift 
Toll free in Ca ,: 
0IJtAje of Calrt ' 

'-__ 1,,£ £11:11>+0" LeA PH', .. , >Sf 

3301 C Street. Suite ~OO-A. Sacrame!l1D. CA 95816 

Voodoo 
Continued from pale 3 
Radio." Prieboy's vocal per~ 
forma nee could be stronger 
on "Far Side of Crazy" and 
" Mexican Radio." However, 
he does at times replicate 
former lead-singer, Stan 
Ridgeway quite well, as in 
"Ring of Fire" and "Wrong 
Way to Hollywood." 

All in all, the album is pretty 
decent. It probably won't make 
it to the top 100, and may not 
be accessible to everyone. It 
does well, however, in provid-
ing the demented feel that is 
the trademark of Wall of 
Voodoo. 

Eva and Susie 
·wlsh Sabrina 
and Cynthia 
the best of 

luck next,.,." 

Make a 
willi 

Mix. 

r- CIIe., 
-

* 
* .. -• ..... 

• SCIf scMcC copiers • Volume dIIcountI • Pro'alora nota 
• Coplcs while you w.tt • look IIndns • Free 'erIdnS 

MOUltS: M-TH 8-7, FRI. 8-6, SAT. 10-5 

3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 41."49 
Next To St. Germain's 

THE A.S. COUNCIL 
VS 

THE GUARDIAN 
BY: MAYNARD DIMMESDALE 

I HAVE CERfAINLY CREATED INTEREST. ANGUISH AND 
CONSIDERABLE "AMBIGUI1Y' BEFORE TIlE STUDENTS OF 
UCSD AS TIlE GUARDIAN AND COUNCIL BATILE OVER MY 
ACTIVrnES THESE PASr FEW WEEKS. ONE DAY IT'S 
"MAYNARD THE PROGRESSIVE S11JDENr RIGHI'S ADVO-
CATE" BY TIlE GUARDIAN AND TIlE NEXT IT'S "MAYNARD 
THE CREEP" BY EVAN AND TIlE COUNCIL. UNDENIABLY 
TIlE GUARDIAN SUPPORTS MY POLICIES AND ACTIONS 
WHEREAS THE COUNCIL HAS HAD A GREAT DIFFICUL1Y 
wrrn TIlEM. PREVIOU~ TO TIllS ANNOUNCEMENT I HAVE 
NOT HAD TIlE OPPORfUNl1Y TO PERSONALLY ADDRESS 
TIlE STIJDENTS OF UCSD WITH MY ACTIVmES AND CON-
CERNS. WITHOUT ANY REGARD TO THE DEFENSE NOR 
ACCUSATIONS FROM OTI-IER SOURCES. I'D LIKE TO IN-
VITE ALL INTERESTED STUDENTS TO SEND ME TIIEIR 
SUMMER ADDRESS SO TIiAT I MAy'REPLY W1TIl TIlE 
"REAL" MAYNARD DIMMESDALE RESPONSE. HAVE AN 
EXCELLENT SUMMER! 

MAILING ADDRESS: MAYNARD DIMMESDALE 
UCSD ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
STUDENT CENTER 8-023 
LA JOLLA. CA 92037 
OR 
P.O. BOX 2793 
LA JOLLA. CA 92038-2793 

= UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE = 
• • 
• • • • = Quality Film Developing = 
• • = FREE : 
= 2nd set of color prints = 
• with every color roll • 
= EVERYDAY! : 
• Great quality delivered on time • 
= at low, low prices! = 
• • 
• • 
• 3 x standard 4 x 6 extra Ig. • 
• 12 exp (24 prints) 2.99 3.47 • 
• I~ exp (30 prints) 3.79 4.39 • 
• 24 exp (48 prints) 4.99 S.9S • 

- • 36 exp (72 prinrs) 6.99 8.43 • 
• • 
• • 
• • • Try our proress1onal packagt • 
• 1 - 8X I 0 color enlargement • 
• • 2 - 5X7 color enlargements • 
• • 8 - wallet size prints • 
• • • from any 35mm color neptjye • 
• • • all for only • 
•••• $7.50+tx • 
==:= < __ for .... ) IIIIII!! 
• •••• lllllllllii 
•• ••• IIIIIIIIIIE 
= ==== 1II1I11111I1 Open Mon.-Fri, 7:4SII1l-S : Upm /SaNrday IO:OOun-4:OOpm /CIoIed SUDda,. and Holiday •. 

T.G.I.O. 
At The Hump! 

r-----------------------, ! 30% OFF YOUR i 
: FAVORITE BEVERAGE: ! T-SHIRT OR TANK i 
I I 
I i 
I I 
I I 

I 
I 
, 

@j* I ®1f®lJU@ I 
I lE%lt1J"(§l I I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
: (stock varies by store) : 

: Save on our : ! gigantic stock! : 
I • Now from $7.00 on regular priced stock only : 
I • Choose from Corona, Hussong's, Seagrams & more I 
I CW\ INa coupon only """ 6/12/11) . I 

r ~ifK: C;;yeo" T& i 
I . Clalr.moll'Squar. 272-8808 • La Jolla VIllage Square ~ I I · PacItIc: leach 'rom.nade 581-6769· La Jolla 1241 Prospect 454-7532 I 
L • Enclnllal (lumberyard ) 942-0037 . NorttI CountvFalr 745-9425 -----------------------~ 

-

-



~-~----------------i 250f00FF 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ! Void with any otne< alief. TOPPIngs not Included. One coupon to Q customer. ElcpIMs 6/12/88 
I 
I 
I 

Hours; 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. & Sot. 
12-10:30 Sunday 

Any small, I 
medium or large I 
frozen yogurt I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
~~~" I 

ute I. 
I 
I , 
I ~~±=II 

--------------------

2·way look .... 
Speaker wIIh •• 5" 

~WDofer 
• 50 waHl power 

handling 579_ 

35 Watts· per 
Channel AM/ FM 
_eo AUdio/Video 
hc:elwf 
• direct access quartz 

Irequency synthesis 
tuning system 

• video sound Input $179 

HAIRCUTS 
by Susanne & Charmaine 
Women 517 (reg. $25) 
Men 514 (reg. $19) 
Haireut k Hllhlllht 550 (reg. 570) 
Haireut k Perm 550 (reg. 570) 
For appoinlml'n1. pl,au call4$7·2,jf. 
"5' jim. L. Jou. Dr. , Ste. 212', L. Joa. 
(b,hind EI Torilo dirully aero.s ramp.) 

SONY. 

.... 111 .. Head Cal .. l. 
DeoIc .. DoIbr · •• C 
........ IIII&IIIon 
• DC -womotor drive 
• 3 polilon tape type 

_Iectot 
• headphone output $109 

Compad Disc PIayw 
• »selectlon direct· 

acc ... programming 
• 3-beam laser pickup 
• digital II Iter 
• 4-way repeat: 1. all. 

program Ihuffte $199 
AUDIO COMPONENTS. PORTABLES FOR LESS! 
Hear the ~ of ~! ""CIIed'I huge buying ~ mean. BIg SavIng. tor Youillrelyday, you 

have the power to make your best deal at Federat.cI on pottables, audio components, lVI, YCIts, and ~I 

AM/FM Digital Clock RadIo 
• baHery back·up system 
• 24·hour sel 

and 10r~1 $ 1487 
alarm 

--

".IATlD COtIM.....c. 
~ ..... _101 ..... .. 
~ ..... ~'o, ..... " 
~_,,_II' 1000,. 
COIPI_IGIC''',_tOO.OI c...,"""'" tOf'WO' •• --. ~ 90- .... . 0... otoo ... otIOIftt 

:'=~~":;:~ .. f' ... ....., .... 
ootCOftIlO" __ g.IC"_ 
weflO • • MO" JIOo • • CWI 
....... ........ ·"-....· .... c ... 

AIWA 
Personal Stereo 
ea ...... Player 
wtlhstereo 
Heapho".. 
• weighs just a oz. 
• metal / normal 

lope selector 
• belt clip $3999 

carrera 
Pocket-Size 
AM/FMstereo 
RadIo with 
Ughlweight 
Headphones 
• 3-band graphic 

equalizer 
• belt clip $1977 

Compact AM/FM stereo System 
• solt·touch dual cassette deck 
• semloQutomatlc: !urntabl. 

$ 

Deluxe Portable AM/PM IIefeo 
cas .... Player and Itecon:Ier 
• dual 2-way .ystem 

87 

Portable AM/FM IIefeo cas ..... 
and Compact DIsc IIIav-
• 5-band graphic equalizer $19999 

--,_. ~~~~~~~~~¥..~-:t~ 

8 hlo!uS June 9 1988 

Rave 
Continued from pale 2 

The result. "Book of Your 
Regrets" is a mixture of heavy 
and melodic rock and roll. 
Crediting lead singer Jimmer 
Podrasky with the brilliant 
lyrics. Jimenez commented, 
"Jimmer has a great talent to 
write.,!.. Even though the songs 
are serious, we still have,fun." 

The term 'fun' is what the 
Rave-Ups have come to be . 
known for both on and off-
stage. Their lively staKe 
antics earned the Rave-Ups a 
spot in John Hughes' .ucceu-
ful film, "Pretty in Pink." 
ThoUlh their music didn't 
appear on the movie'. sound-
track. the Rave-Up. did pin 
th.e media attention they'd 
been longing for. 

With the release of their 
new album on an established 
label. and an opening slot on 
the current U .S. tour with the 
Church, the Rave-Ups are on 
their way to deserved recogni-
tion. 

HELP 
WANTED 

w ... etro.t Tee ........ a fut 
,rowin, 3D Computer Grapbics 
Software Co .• in Santa Barbera, 
baa immediale openinp for the 
folowin, position. : 
Iottw.r. Ilat .... I •• 
COOrdllltor 
Develop. implement, and maintain 
installation routinCi and tCitin. 
scripU. Coordinate distribution of 
new rel_ of Wavefront 
IOftwarc. Key player in CUitomcr 
Support Dept. 2 yn. experience in 
UNIX and C propammin" BSCS 
or equivalent. Salary DOE. 
Fie ... _ ... , 
In.tallation •• yatem .upport. 
evaluation and intaaration of new 
computer equipment. Experience 
in UNIX, System' and/or 
4.2850. Also bardware 
familiarity witb Silicon Graphica 
IRIS and /or SUN workstation.. 
MUit be wil~1IJ to travel. Salary 
DOE. 
To be considered for the above 
po.ition. caU Lori Twitchell at 
(80S) 962·8117. Wavefront i. an 

ual Opportunity Employer. 

Models 0/ Lill,erie 
Exotic DlIIICers 

Escorts 
Pleasant personality. 
Exceptionally sharp. 

Part-time and fuU lime 
hours available. MUlt be 

18 yn. or older, own 
transportation, hi8h 

income potential. 
Available immediately. 
Call ror .ppolntmenl. 

456-0689 

FREE MOVIE SEBUR 

• FREE SUB A I 

DINNER. FRE SOFT 

TACO 

JUICY CHEESEBU 

• F EE ICE CREAM 
PIli MOVIE BNTAL •• FlEE JUICY CH •• IURGlR •. FlEE MAHI MAHI DINNER .• AND MANY MO. GIIAT DEALSI 

CALLING ALL MODELS 
Become a LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE 
STYLESETTER. We are now looking for models 
for our new fashion board . Walk down the aisle 
for experience, glamour and fun . 

Stylesetter tryouts will be held Saturday, 
September 17th. Applicants will be screened 
Friday, September 9th between 5 and 7 p.m., 
and Saturday, September 10th between 10 a.m. 
and 4 p.m., at the information booth in La Jolla 
Village Square. 

Applications are available in mall stores, at the 
information booth and through the mall office. 
Prizes will be awarded to the top models in 
specified categories. All contestants will be 
judged during a live, staged and choregraphed 
presentation. All selected Stylesetters will 
receive their ve.ry own portfolio at the end of 
one year. 

BECOME A LA JOLLA VlLLAGE SQUARE 
STYLESETTER!!! 

S THE QUARE 
WITHIN THE 

TRIANGLE 

LA JOLLA 
CONVENIENCE 
CENTER 
AND LA JOLLA 
VILLAGE 
SQUARE 

t._ ,-i c~. 
• -~~ 
• 

West of I 5 on 
,~,,,., 

.. 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive · La Jolla · 455·7550 



I ® 

the copy center 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE 457·3775 
--------------------------------

SUMMER SPECIAL 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
La Jolla Village Square 

457·3775 
Good through Sept . 30, 1988 (II"INIII ""''' thf/llllklll)' tm"" 

r--------------------------------, SUMMER SPECIAL 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
-457·3775 

Good through Sept. 30. 1988 ItIltfltlli /IIIL" (I<XfllllfNlIIl ' firth" 

r--------------------------------i SUMMER SPECIAL 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
La Jolla Village Square 

457·3775 
Good through Sept . 30. 1988 L ________________________________ ~ 

SUM MER S P E C A L 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Vi llage Square 

457·3775 
Good through Sept , 3D, 1988 

~--------------------------------t SUMMER SPECIAL 
kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 

457·3775 
Good Ihrough Sept. 30. 1988 

-

r--------------------------------, SUMMER SPECIAL 

kinko'S' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 

457·3775 
Good through Sepl . 30, 1988 CtJUPIlIlIllI4 • .J Ik,(,(IfII/Jflll) order 

L _______________________________ _ 

CD Sounds 
"San Diego'. Compact Disc Leader" 
• Lowest prices (average price $12.99) 
• Imports. Used Discs. Trade-Ins 
• Special Orders. Personalized Service 
• Over 300 Discs available for listening 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
Behind Carl's Jr. 578·DISC 

--------------------------------

BRING 2 USED DISCS AND 
TRADE FOR ONE NEW ONE 

(UP TO $13.97) UPON 
APPROVAL OF USED DISCS 

Expires 9/30/88 
___________________________ J 

The Cream of 
L ast May, the UCSD Guardian held its Second Annual A wards Banquet. Prior to the banquet, Guardian staff 

members had the opportunity to votefor individuals and 
work that proved to be outstanding in the 1987-88 school year. 
More than 40 plaques and certificates were awarded. 

The names of the recipients of these awards are printed in this 
special summer issue along with afew of the articles that received 
recognition for excellence. 

We would like to thank and congratulate the entire staff for 
their outstanding effort last year. Some of these talented 
individuals will return in the fall, so look for their work. 

We hope you will enjoy reading this award-winning work as 
much as we did producing it. 

Enjoy the rest of your summer, and watch for our special 
Orientation Issue on Monday, September 19. 
Niki Newlands 
Editor in Chief, '86-'88 

A ward Winners 

John Shaw 
Editor in Chief, '88-'89 

Best Editor ... ..... . . . .. ... ...... . . . ..................... Niki Newlands 
Best Section ....... . ...... . .... .. .. . .. ...... . . .. ... ......... .. .. hiatus 
Great Communicator ...... ...... .... ...... . . ............ . Niki Newlands 
Guardian Advancement . . ............. ,...... . . ..... ... . .. Niki Newlands 
Best Night Editor .... ........ . ................... , . . . . . . . . . .. John Shaw 
Most Dedicated . . ....... .... ..... ... ... ... .. , ............ Niki Newlands 
Best Cub Reporter .......... . ... ..... ..... . .... . . ......... . David Brooks 
Most Prolific Writer ...... ...... . . ............ , ......... ,.. Robert Leone 

News Section 
Best News Story .. ... . ........ . "A.S. Election Coverage"- Peter Messrobian, 

Anna Marie Bezzerides. Jeff Beresford-Howe 
Best News Feature ........... . ...... "U niversity stonewalls student in privacy 

rights case"- John Shaw 
Best News Writer . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Peter Messrobian 

Features Section 
Best Features Story ............................. "Dan Martin"- Eva Wong 

p-----------------------, : uaD SPICIAL I 
I I 

i I for 1 i I I 
I CHARBROILED I 
: MAtti MAtti I 
: DINNERS I 
I (Regularly $6.95 each) I 
I j~ I _ fIlIP.' " I . .... I : .... ... Wilh coupon only M I I 5811151 h i a ..... f · 0 .. . Good I rough Ocl. 15 I I • I" <=II i".lIli1 Not va Id WIth any .,. I I 
I other COUDon offer ,..,,!ir H.arh .. 

------------------------

r-----------------------, 
: "The Greatest Name In Sandwiches" : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I eatetv I I -I I I 967 Gamet Avenue. Pacific Beach 273-8M8 I : 1 SUB SANDWICH : I BUY A SMALL SUB AND GET ANY SMALL SUB I 
I OF EQUAL OR LESSER VALUE I 
I for FREE I 
I I i ~ I I Wil~ ... OIly. l1li per atstoNr, ~,,~ I I Goad..,. Stpt:ll. 1. ~.;:; ~ 1 GAUlT ~ - I 
I Mol valid 1Ii~ any. cou,aI DffII. i ~ '2 I 

. ! I m L _______________________ J 

SPECiAl SUMMER EDITION, AUGUST 1988 

Our Crop 
Best Features Series .. .. . . .......... . .... .. .. . .. . "Iran"- Van Hutchinson 
Best Features Writer . .. ........... ..... .. ... ..... . ....... Michele Bidwell 

hiatus Section 
Best hiatus story ................ . ...... . "Singing Pineapples"- John Shaw 
Best hiatus Writer ............. .... ....... ... ........... Larry Weintraub 
Most Prolific hiatus Writer .............................. Larry Weintraub 

Sports Section 
Best Sports Story. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . "Tritons topple Menlo"- Brian How 
Best Sports Feature . .......... ....... ... .. .... . . "Bob Moss"- Patty Jettie 
Best Sports Commentary . . ... .... . "Open letter to the NFL "- Mike Martinez 
Best Sports Writer ..... . ... • . .. ... . ....... . ............... . ... Brian how 

Opinion Section 
Best Editorial ......................... . .......... .. . Jeff Beresford-Howe 
Best Commentary (tie) ..... "Dr. Gonzo and Mr. Thompson"- Mike Martinez 

"Biology Department"- Milton Saier 
Photo&raphy Department 

Best News Photo ....... . .............. "Skateboarding"- Mark Rasmussen 
Best Sports Photo ......................... . .. "Basketball"- Ken Reinstein 
Best Photographer .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ali Sadighian 
Best New Photographer . ... . ............ . ............... Mark Rasmussen 

Graphics Department 
Best Features Graphic· . . . . . • . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. "Iran Hostages"- Jeff Quan 
Best Sports Graphic ............... "UCSO vs. USlU and USO"- Jeff Quan 
Best News Graphic ................................ "Volcano"- RicIc Ford 
Best Political Cartoon ... . ............. "Airhead"- Osmund Holmes-Hansen 
Best Graphic Artist .......................................... Sean Ouffy 

Production Department 
Best Production Worker. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Kevin Muller 
Best Typesetter ....... . ...... . ..................... .. .... , .. Lara Mihata 
Most Dedicated Layout Artist ... ....... .. . ..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Leesa Light 

Copy Department 
Best Copy Reader ........................................... Karen Bock 
Most Dedicated Copy Reader .............................. Christina Lopp 

Interns 
Most Improved Intern .... ...... . .. . . . .... .. ... .. . ...... . Michele Bidwell 
Most Enthusiastic Intern ........ .. ................. . ..... ,.. Julie Munro 

5 Y M·P H 0 N Y () R C H Est RA 
~ 

C.JI"_O..R.1rS 
1988 -1989 SEASON 

All-Beethoven Concert 
SATURDAY, OCT. 1,1988,8 P.M. 

SUNDAY, OCT. 1, 1988,3 P.M. 
Thomas Nee. conductor 

David Chase, conductor 
Kenneth Bookstein, piano 

Symphony no. 8 in F major 
Choral Fantasy 

Kenneth 800kslein. piano 
La Jolla Symphony Chorus 

Elegy 
Wellingto n '5 Victory 

Th, AJJO('ul1I'on: JJ/h S'UJon opt'ns M'lIh Qn 
lill· 8t~,ho ,·tn pr06ffll1l rhllr I"Qlur~J JU"" of hu 

mor" good·"Qlu,,.d scorer. 
1'fH .. c.H 5.u·~1 JM • br«11", •• l1li 10 at iJIHHI, ow 

IHlOII l ub.u/pt/o/l r.'I:I. 

r---~-------------------, I FEATURING NON-FAT YOGURTSI I I Buy any small, medium or large yogurt I 
I and get one dry topping I 
I FREEl : 
I \o j> '11 N:' '(~ I I \j {" - ~ I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
II La .10110 Village 0<. II 

Void with any other offer. UTe 
lOne Coupon to a customer. '" I I Elcpll6S 9/15/88 ~ I 
I Summer hours: 11-11:00 Mon,-Sat. I 
I 12-1.1:00 Sunday I 
I 7770 .. II .... Id.., ....... (In Von's Shopping Center) Mba Do. I L _______________________ J 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa Ave_ Ste. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

Enjoy the summeT! Thanks for YOUT patTonage. 

The 
TRITON PUB 

located next to the Student 
Center, has a message for you: 

'RE 
STILL 
HERE! 

Stop by between 11 :30 AM-2 PM for 

Hot dogs, sandwiches, drinks and funl 

SEPTEMBER 19 STARTS REGUlAR HOURS 



r------------------------I §VI~IT~ Ur= ~T. t;~l?,"AI~ ; 
: Just minutes/rom campus in Holiday Court! I 
: • Wine, Beer, Liquor. Keg Beer. Custom : 
I Gift Baskets All Year • Lottery and Lotto I 
• • • • • Movie Rentals • Unique Cards & Gifts I 

i (.-~ FREE ICE CREAM : 
I BU Y ON E CONE FROM BUD'S CO .... E. 

ICE CREAM PARLOR AND GET " I A SECOND CONE FREE! • 
I OPEN: I 
II SUN.-THURS. 6 AM-MID. 455-1414 •• 

FRI.-SA T. 6 AM-2 AM ~ 3251 HOLIDA Y COURT OFF VILLA LA JOLLA JI 
~-----------------------

• 

The hotne of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

McDonald's in Miramar is on your 

side. A wholesome meal for a couple 

of bucks can be a welcome break 

for the university student. 

The All American Meal is one small 

way of doing our part to help your 

budget. We support U CSD. 

MC'lJOIr(}ldm &You. 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Big Mac., or Quarter Pounder with cheese, Cos" value: 

II Medium Fry, Medium-Size Soft Drink , 20 of 1 cent II 
II II 
II Lim it one coupon per , J $ 199 II II customer, per visit. Please • US t II 
II present coupon when (plus lax) II II Ofderlng. Not valid with Only at: II 

t~)~o~.~ ",::;~=:'d @ 
,_~ La Jolla '-1-+ 

--------------------

For work, for school. for 
after·hours, our exciting 1988 
sweater collection has all the 

pizazz and versatility your busy 
life needs. Buy one sweater, 
save 20~, buy two or more 

sweaters, save 30%. 

Stage 
UIV ('II r ~stllon B:u 

University Towne Centre 
552.(J(JJ3 

Dr. Gonzo and Mr. Thompson 
OriKinlll'y rlln Feb. 11, nBB 

By MIKE MARTINEZ 
ContriblltinK Writer 

W hen word hit the streets that the syndicated column of Hunter S. Thompson would 
be appearing in the Guardian, I asked 
one of our writers what he thought of 
the Doctor of Gonzology. "I'm not 
comfortable," he admitted, knowing 
that Hunter Thompson is on the same 
continent ." 

Well, yes - and here we go again. 
This sentiment aptly defines the tragic 
flaw in the legend of Hunter Stockton 
Thompson. The fine line that separates 
the grotesque caricature Dr. Gonzo 
from the legitimate journalist Hunter 
Thompson has been blurred for so long 
that much of his current audience, and 
especially his detractors, is unaware a 
line ever existed . . 

Even in his early sixties work, 
Thompson's view of the world seemed 
to be from an orbit all his own. His later 
involvement with the Hell's Angels, the 
Haight-Ashbury scene and the Chicago 
demonstrations at the '68 Democratic 
Convention further shaped his aliena-
tion from the world of straight journal-
ism. His much heralded invention of 
"Gonzo journalism" at the 1970 Ken-
tucky Derby was inadvertent, born out 
of writer's block and chemical abuse. 
Gonzo didn't allow for drafts and rew-
rites, and might devote as much space to 
personal consumption, exaggerations, 
and marginal tangents as to the subject 
at hand . Try to imagine a writer who 
could expose the transparency of the 
"new" Richard Nixon with the same 

effort and eloquence he devotes to an 
afternoon breakfast of rna rgaritas, mush-
rooms and cocaine. 

Once Hunter built this monster, he 
continued exploiting it throughout the 
70's. His stream of consciousness sav-
aged the guilt, fear, loathing and other 
foibles of our politics, pro football, the 
Rich and Greedy, and many other foes. 
Here was truly a Don Quixote who 
tilted at more than a few lousy 
windmills. 

It's been often noted that Hunter 
Thompson's large and devoted cult con-
sists mostly of people who first became 
attracted to gossip about his lifestyle 
and rhen explored his work. Unfortu-
nately, the gossip remained the sub-
stance for many. An interesting foot-
note to the legend is the inevitable, 
almost subconscious use of ersatz 
Hunter-style imagery by writers profil-
ing him. "Pacing the stage like a caged 
tiger on benzedrine" is how the Union 
described him. 

With Thompson's. recent appearance 
at Symphony Hall and the obligatory 
skewering in the Union, the beat does 
indeed go on. With the crowd screaming 
for the Monster, Hunter shambled 
onstage late and insisted on speaking in 
a high-velocity mumble. He was bom-
barded by heclden, tossed a football, 
stalked around in a huff, talked about 
cashing his paycheck. In short, vintage 
Hunter. A snazzy blonde and her well-
heeled fixer couldn't translate his gib-
berish and left in their own snit. Others 
strutted in period costumes from the 
Legend of the Monster like at some kind 

See GONZO, pale 12 

r-----------------------i 
: HAIRCUT SPECIAL I 
I I 

! '9 (reg. $12) i 
I . ' I Ask for Yoko, Nancy E., Marilyn or Debbie • 
I 20% OR Redken Penns I 
I I 
: SHEAR DEUGHT : 
I 3240 Governor I 
I (in the Big Bear Shopping Center) I 

: 453-4668 I 
I I L _________ (with this ad) _________ J 

THAI GRIWD CHICKEN RESTAURANT 

FREE lARGE 
SOFT DRINK 

With purchase of any combo plate. Coupon valid thru Sept. 30, 1988 

LA JOLlA MISSION HILLS 
IN THE VONS CENTER NEAR EL INDIO 

455-THAI 574-0177 L _______________________ J. 

SPECIAL SUMMER EDITION, AUGUST 1988 • OPINIONS 

Hunter Thompson. Illustration by Buzz. 

••• Unfortunately, the gossip 
remained the substance for many •.• 

p - - - - - ~~~~~~-------------------. 
Z 
C.: 
_.2 

I-~ C! 
I-i 

~~ 
.. 

::»a 
fI)! 

I Z! 
I C& 
: U~ 
I >-
I .... ; 
I .... : I fa lIZ: 
I ... 
I 

IS PAIN HURTING YOUR WORKOUT! 

DR. KEITH JEFFERS, D.C. 
TilE RIIIIIIINB DOCTOR 

". 1)( II''' ('(' . J.. Il()\ \ /er/w' (JI 1 h(, (ur Ill" / )(m IriC' tn" 1 h(' 
,11Imp',' , I/( IWU'lIl> Ih.ll (,1li1.1Il< / " 111 \ .!Ihlelll (.I,el'( . 
1(I;(lf,/IIet. ,I, CI'I'I/~I THOM HUNT 
''1)c '( I. I/lllnR In r,l(\()f),ll In/un I'ontl I jj.lIlLh Ht)\\ \I,,·.-Ihon { h''''If' 

7770 REGENTS RD. 452-7770 
--.. ---' ... _--------....;-----------... 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK, FROM 7 AM-7 PM! 

AUTO REPAIR 
SERVICE 
, n..~ , 'ONE STOP' SERVICE SPOT ~. 'your location for super service' 

-:. I IMPORT Be DOMESTIC 
-

VISA 

-

• .. '~~;;~" I 54"0272 L:.:J y-
8278 Miramar Rd. (in Miramar Auto Plaza) 

---------~---------------------PRESSURE 
RADIATOR FLUSH 

.39.95 p lus tax 
Reg. 555.95 

• Flush cooling system 
• Pressure check cooling 

system 
• Reftll wilh PIeper coolanl 
• Check bells ond hoses 
,,-' coupon when 

order II written 
Explr •• 9/30/88 

TUNE-UP 
• Everyday low price 
• Install new spark plugs 
• Check liming and Ignition system 
• Adjust carburetor 
• Clean bottery terminals 
• Most cars 

,,~ coupon when order I, Wlltten 
ExpIr .. 9/30/83 

~Yl.$33.90 
plus tax 

6-CYl. $39.99 
plus tax 

8-CYl. M9.99 
plus tax 

r---------i-----------i---------- J I .i. Oft any major I BRAKE SPECIAL CLUTCH JOB SPECiAl 
I tu"..up or ".00 OFF I • Replace pods or shoes low as $191.00 plus tax 
I any valve adJustment I • Check springs. cylinders or 
I "-" coupon when I. Check drums. rotors present coupon and 

order II wrillen • Adjust all 4 wheels $ I I save 50 ExpIr .. 9/30/83 • Rood tesl cor 
I I • Mosl cars • All llj3w ports 

Front Dlec: IIraIcea $49.95" • Clutch Disc 
IraQ SIIoeI $59.95' • Pressure Plate 1----------, I SMOG INSPECTION 

I $15.00 I 
I Smog Certificate $5.00 
I "-" coupon when order II written 
I Explr .. 9/30/83 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

, Plus tox. Includes ports and 
labor 

"'-I coupon when 
order II wrillen 

Expl, •• 9/30/88 

• Throw Bearing 
• Transmission Oil 
• Mosf Cars 
"-, coupon when 

order I, WlItIen 
Expl, .. 9/30/83 

~---------~----------------------~ 

PRES CAMPUS DELIVERY TO YOUR DOOR 
Please present coupon when ordering. 

BCMII'8: Moo.·TIua. I 1 ... MId.; Prt.-Sat. 11 ... 1-.; !hal. 11:30..-MId. 

8873 Villa La JoUa Dr. La Jolla Village Square 

455-0662 



• Call us today for a free 
personal rate quotation 

• Ask about GEICO'S new 
Dual Policy Discount 
(Saves You 20%1) 

GEICO 
And Affiliates 

586-6222 
Just five minutes from campus! 

~ ______ CLIP & SAVE ______ " 

- NO DEPOSIT -IMMEDIATE DELIVERY. COMPLETE PURCHASE OPTION 

BUDGET RENTS 
fURNITURE 

4696 CARDIN ST. SAN DIEGO 
292-5300 

IOff sri Fr .. ay between Clairemotlt Mesa and Balboa) 

FREE DELIVERY· 
3 ROOMS OF FURNITURE 

FOR ONLY 

s49°° month 
*office flnlitMfe aid a,pliaaces excll*-! 
*S5OJIJ 1Ii1_111 rata! 

ROBERT'S 
~ ~ ~ SAAB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 
• MAJOR SERVICES • FUEL INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • elECTRiCAl 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 8 am-S:30 pm • Saturday 8 amoS pm A 
I "e~ I (619)275-1132 ~ 
• 

4630 Mission Bay Dr~ (1-5 to Balboa exit, San Diego .. 1II1daII .... •• 
. --w, It$I aNd ncoN""INd KftIMll® I.II/Wica .1s 10 Oil' cII.</nlllen 

--------------------------------1 0% OFF on all repairs * with this coupon 
• Except motor aNd t,allSlftwioll ov#lIa"l. Not valid lUitli allY otller ca";Oll. 

H I A T US. ARTS/ENTERTAINMENT 

Singing pineapples 
by john .haw 
"iGM I14ff writer 

L a Jolla, considered by some to be the very essence of high society, is now home to singing pineapples, 
aging rock stars, and athlete 's foot. 

In a community where high-tech toy 
stores crowd the city's streets, it comes 
as no surprise that computer animation 
is currently the main attraction in its 
nationally recognized art museum. 

For the second year in a row, the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art is 
presenting " The Art of Computer Ani-
mation," a collection of short films, 
commercials, and rock videos all boast-
ing computer-generated graphics. 

Computer animation is a remarkable 
technological wonder that can be both 
Visually stunning and emotionally ab-
so rbing. Unfortunately, as evidenced by 
the presentation, a great majority of 
those producing computer-animated 
films and commercials spend more time 
developing the graphics than the plot. 

W ith the exception of a few shon 
films like "Luxo, Jr ." and "Red's 
Dream," most of the material seemed 
to be little more than novel exercises in 
computer programming. Several of the 
animated shorts staned out with inter-
esting premises and spectacular graph-
ics, but ended abruptly and unresolved. 

Part of the problem with computer 
animation is the astronomical amount of 
time and money needed to produce a 
substantial work. It is not uncommon 
for sponsors to pay anywhere from 
$500 to $2,500 a second for a computer-
animated commercial. 

This year's show recycled a lot of 
material from last year's collection. For-
tunately, the better material was selected 
to be re-screened. One such film is the 
critically acclaimed "Luxo, Jr.,.. the 
short story of two lamps that somehow 
manage to display truly heartwarming 
emotions in less than two minutes. Also 
screened was "Red's Dream," a sim-
ilarly touching film about a lonely uni-
cycle 's dream of acceptance and love. 
Films like these eclipse the more mun-
dane commercials for Desenex, videos 
for Mick Jagger, and network logos that 

hcaus~: 
• ~ cater to students. No credit card ~ry • No ~sit 
necessary for qualltl~ renters • MeMes, \/ideo recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent • Hq ~Iectlon of ITlOIIies 

New Reletu.: • GOOD MORNING VIETNAM 
• EMPIRE OF THE SUN • MOONSTRUCK 

• THE lAST EMPEROR 
-------------------------------

-Bring This Ad to Rnat On~ Movi~­
and g~t a s~co,.d r~ntal for FREE! 

-------------------------------

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 9/15/88. 
8843 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. 

RAlPH'S CENTER BETWEEN CROWN BOQI(S AND OSCO 
HO'''' .............. u ___ ~/.,.., ... It ..... ~ 

1554 

SPECIAl SUMMER EDITION, AUGUST 1988 

make up the bulk of the show. 
For someone who is unfamiliar with 

computer animation, this presentation 
will serve as an entenaining sample of 
the kind of work being produced today. 
On a more critical level, one notices the 
disparity of creativity among the various 
produciions. 

Once again, technology has advanced 
faster than has the creative mind . As 
artists begin to take advantage of the 
potential this medium has to offer, more 
creative and entertaining productions 
are bound to make their way to televi-

HAPPENINI 
..... IIIVII Clrpnlllll 
IIqIins dId~, IIiIItIY motivatld 
ladies 17-21 far a • IIIOtioII pic. 
tIfI, "AI.11g 1M _", to be filmed 
.. It IImlMl'. FnI trainilglill ildude 
drama. jazz _ weig~t traili", 
fau. moIIIlino, cosmetics. etiquette 
and so 011. fill or part time students 
may apply. For flrtIIer illformation or 
an intlrview, please contzt Rudl 
Sword at 16191 5243l. 

••• 
De lIaIattaJI lIIIytllm KillS • a trio 
of silllillQ/dlllcingllllSicians flallred 
i. last .'s PBS vidID trillllilto 
GIorgI GInhia - lill appear iii .. 
Sal DiIgo Sytllplay dlrilg 1M 
Su.MlrPapa performances WIllIS-
day". SllIIIay, Algal 2S-27 
starting al 7:ll p.m. al Hospitality 
Point TIcbts are available at tile 
downtown SympIIOny Hall Box Office 
11245 Seven .. , 6!B4III or al TIcket· 
mas1II' 1278-84971. 

sion screens and museums around the 
country. For now, however, audiences 
must endure the mediocre in wait of the 
exceptional. 

EDITORS NOTE: The La Jolla Mu-
seum of Contemporary An is now JC'I'eening 
"The Best of the Festi""l of Animation." 
Some of the most requeJted animated short 
films will be presented through August 7 . 
Call the museum at .. ,g-8722 for more 
information. 

.".\ ... Joll. VIII ... IttU" 

~ l ~J' D.nt.1 Group Oft.n You I \ ~,. , .. & -COSMETIC BONDING • VISA 011 MASTERCARD ~ • EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE • STEREO HEADPHONES EVAlUATION 
" • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DlSCOUllTS 
. - J4~ .........,1 ..... 

- OIIAI. .... ., POIIWIIDOM 1OO'nf D1WACnON 
•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.XA. & CLMNING .Z9 ... · 
OIlLY • ... 

InCUIeS: CIeMWlg & I'OIsning. X·by!. Oral CInter Elcam M1d I'rMlI! ConsuftMIon. ElIpfts 9/30/88. 

Offered to: students. Faculty and Std of UCSD 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thomas K. Duncan D.D.S . • David S. Eshom D.D.S. 
Member: ADA. CDA. SDCDS, Delta Dental 

The Ultimate Cuts 
in San Diego 
Get pampered at a price you would 
spend for an ordinary hair cut. 
Experience quality hair graphics 
at Young Attitudes. 

MEN'S CUTS· 
$4 OFF 

WOMEN'S CUTS· 
S!; OFF 
Reg. $24.00 \~ 
-Price btcbMa.. ,raphic CuI, Jlulmpoo, 
condilio"i"" a"d projtJJ;o"a/ JIY/;",. 

WITH TlIS All OILY 
Call .. 
.... 

E.,ns 10/15/111 

UCSD 
51 o DENT 

Carl's Jr. SPECIAL 

0.. .... 81:.711 ...... 
One oIcr per coupon. One coupon per customer per 
1IlIIt. Not wid wlIh MY other c:6r or cIIscoua 



• 

• 

YING KARAMAZOV 
BROTHERS 

September 24 
* 

SECOND CITY 
NAT'L TOURING CO. 

October 3 
* 

MOMIX 
October 13 

"* PAN ASIAN THEATRE 
in YELLOW FEVER 

October 30 
* 

UCSD CHAMBER 
MUSIC SERIES 

Begins November 5 
* SIMON WIESENTHAL 

November 7 
'* P.D.Q. BACH 

February 14 
* 

MUCH MORE!!! ~ ....... 
Ca1l534~4090 

to reserve your copy of 
VARIETIES 

Del Mar Discs 
Where the music comes allvel 

We·re the first and last word in compact discs. wi th over 5,000 titles, 
specializing in rock. jazz and new age. We buy and sell used discs. special 

order anything not in stock. and cater to UCSD students and family. 
$1 .00 OFF ANY NEW OR USED DISC WITH THIS COUPON AND A VAliD UCSD ID. 

Limit one coupon per customer. 

Del Mar Discs 
1130 Camino Del Mar 

259-1554 
Open everyday. Just 10 minutes from campus. In the heart of old Del Mar. 

Exp1re19'."M 

the writer's n 

You're still here: 
The Guardian has always prov ided a 
forum for the opinions and observa-
tions of its aud ience ... and its staff. 
We will cont inue to do so, and thus we 
perenia lly seek the contributions of 
talented writers. Ph il Lauder worked 
for the Guardian fro m 1982 to 1986 as 
a writer and later editor. He cont inue 
to serve in va rious capaci ties, includ-
ing cont ri buting to the su mmer issue. 
Duri ng the Laud er years he cont rib-
uted his strange wit , questi ona ble 
wisdom and inimitable style to a 
column called the writer 's i. This one 
ran in February, 1986. We've re-
printed it here in the hopes of inspir-
ing other deviants who may be lurking 
out there. 

By PHIL LAUDER 
Contributing Writer 

L ast year J was walking towards the Guardian when some cus-todian walked up to me and said 
" Man, you have been here for -ever 1/" 

" MeT' 1 asked, somehattaken aback. 
"No, you're probably mistaking me for 
someone else." 

" No, no , I'm sure it's you. Yeah, it 's 
you alright! God, how long have you 
been here?! Five, ten years?! " 

"YOUR MAMA !! ! You've got the 
wrong guy!! Lat er, pal!" I screamed, 
storming into the office. I was pretty 
shaken. He proba bly d id ha ve the wrong 
guy. Then aga in, I have been here a long 
t ime. 

When I fir st got to UCSD, I planned 
to graduate by the age of 20. In fact, 
before the age of 20. I knew it was a lofty 
goal , but I liked getting things done 
quickly - I had graduated from high 
school at the age of 16, and I was ready 
to be done with education as fast as 
humanly possible. 

Then one day as I was walking up the 
steps to the graduation stage to get my 
diploma, I tripped and fell into an 
enormous abyss known as the Guardian. 
My life would never be the same again. 
Bye-bye 20 year old graduate. No big-
gie, ( thought , I'm doing something I 
like. School is more than mere academ-
ics. All work and no play makes Johnny 
a dull boy . It also throws him into the 
real world atfar too young an age. Hey, 
babe, take a walk on the wild side. 

Now its February 1985, a year after 
the custodian told me I was an ancient 
species. Last September I had planned 
to graduate in June. J had it all figured 
out. No more screwing around - time 
to get serious, buddy. Four classes in 
fall , four in winter, and five (one of 
which was pass-no pass) in spring. No 
problema. I've got this joint wired . 
Graduate in June, search for a job in 
July, start work and buy a house with a 
fenced yard and two-car garage in 
August . 

Yeah, right. 
My plan have, yet again , been 

a borted . I got a better offer. So, now I'll 
See HERE, pale 9 

~---------------- -. 
: Enjoy the'll.ICIEST . . ,t. I i J;1i~;rB;;;g;rS ~i~-r~~ ! 
: FREEmlCY : 
I I 

: CHEESEBURGER : 
I Buy one hamburger, gyros or sandwich and get one FREE! I 
I Save time! Call in your order! I 
I I 
I Jeff's Burgers • 2152 AVENIDA DE LA PLAYA I 
I AT LA JOLLA SHORES. CALL 454-8038 I 
I qUfI )/(HI{I WI'h I/Ih IU"PIUI fllIir . HI /II //.\ 1(J :l 1 ~~ I 

~--------------------___ J 

Ue 
Offering a 

"Complete Aerobic Program" 

8 classes per 
floating 

week on a 
wood floor! 

*;~atJCC 
JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER 

4126 Executive Drive. La Jolla. CA 
(619)457·3030 

SPECIAL SUMMER EDITION, AUGUST 1988. FEATURES [!] 

HERE 
Continued from pale 8 
be graduating in 1987 - June, to be 
exact. I think. 

I take great consolation in the fact 
that I'm not alone. Not even close. Most 
of us don't bank on attending UCSD on 
the ten-year plan. But that's the way it 
often works out. Drop a class here, go 
part-time there, maybe take a quarter 
off now and then to avoid burnout and 
see the world. Perhaps the Cal Grant 
runs out - so you get ajob at McDon-
ald's for a quarter or two before coming 
back to school. Voila. Forget four years. 
Forget five. Try anywhere between seven· 
and ten. Portrait of a career student. 

It's a pattern of success too many of 
us follow . At the Guardian. I don't 
know if anyone will graduate in four 
years. I don't know if anyone ever 
has - someone must have. Honestly, 
some people ha~ been here 80 long, one 
has to wonder if they really want to get 
out of here at all or if they're just here to 
see the sights and cruise through life on 

EARN 
EXTRASS 

Earn SB8 ~ry month. 
Donate plasma. Study while 

you help others. 

New Houn For Your 
Convenl.nce. Open Until 

6 PM Mon.-TIIun. 

For information call 

226-1711 

Mommy and Daddy's bank roll. 

Q) 
Q) 
:c (/) 
« 
c 
.c 
o 
-, 

As I write this , however, I realize that 
some may be thinking that about me. 
There's a soberin$ thought. I swear, I do 
plan to graduate. I will graduate, I will. 
Soon. In relative terms , soon. Do you 
know that if you squeeze the history of 
the earth into a calendar year, humans 
don't appear until after 8:30 pm on 
December 311 You bet 111 be graduating 
soon. 

The only way to deal with school on 
the eight- to ten-year plan is to rational-
ize like crazy. " What 's the big hurry?" 
you begin. "Why rush things?" Why jam 
everything into four years? Why make 
my grades suffer and make my body 
hate me? Why'/! What's the big deal? 
Lots of people graduate a lot older than 
I will. They do just fine! Why can't 11 I 
know it's more expensive to go through 
school this way, bu what's the sense of 
saving money if I'm going to hate life? 
I'm going to slow down, take life as it 
comes, and graduate when I graduate." 

After a while UCSD feels like a jail 
cell - believe me. And, as yet one more 

See HERE. pale U 

S50 
MONO 

Have you had mononucleosis 
within the last month 7 If so 
your plasma could make a 

valuable contribution to the 
medical Industry. and earn 
you 550 at the same time. 

For additional details call Ms. 
Vawter at 

226-1711 

ESSENTIAL BIOLOGICS 
3340 KEMPER ST. #101. SAN DIEGO. CA 92110 

r - : :::{)?:::/~ - - - - --IJ------------i 
I )Jut!». 17I,. 0 /a I 
: f}fU!Cff!fU J1 ~. R~ : 
I [i/f//lCl CUISINE OF INDIA I 

. .. . ... ... ... 

:1 20°/0 OFF ~~~~Students, III Ie faculty and staIr 
I SPICE UP YOUR LIFE - I 
I We Specialize in Tandoori dishes, mild 10 hot I 
: spicy curries and delicious Biryanies : 
I "E1tcellentJood ad service" - Ramola Maha}ani, Corporate Manager I Ta) Group of Hotels. Bombay India 
I 1001 Girard Avenue, 2nd floor \.ulld. - II :.\I1 -2:.ll1 Dinn.., · ~ :JO-9: JO I 
I corner of lower Girard and Prospect 454 6263 I I Open Seven Days - I 
L · Excluding Fri .• SGt. 4 Holidays PIHM 1""-' -- ..".., ,..,., ..t. 
, -----------------------

r---~TUD~IYT Sp~cIALr---l 
I I 
I $ Haircut - Men I 
I 10 Women - $14.50 I 
I (Styling extra) I 
I I I Perm - 1st Time Only I 
I $ 'Z. 750 Reg. $75 (inc. Cut & Style) I 
I ~ (Long hair slightly extra) I 
I lxpite5 9/~/88 I 

! '~5'~ &3 : 
I '. • •. I 
II or[~: M-f 10-9 PM 455-1700 II 

SAT 9-6 Pm· SUN, 11-5 PM 
I La Jolla Village Square - May Co. Mall I L ________ W1thvalidUCSDID _________ .1 

BILL THE CAT 
FOR 
PRESID_. 
A desperate cat 
for desperate times __ . 
This gangly. bleary 
eyed candidate appears 
in "Bloom County" comic 
strip and ~s now stuffed 
for your enjoyment and 
available at International 
Gifts and Sensational. 

• • • 
• • • • • • • 

l2(D 
L 20697678 A 

I 

.. ,. 
/ . 

--".~ 12 
~r 
Expires 
Sepl. 25. 1988 

• INTERNATIONAL GIFI'S SENSA11ONAL. 
• University Towne Centre 503 Parkway Plaza • 
• (Across from the Broadway) (Near Sears) • 
• 452-7755 588-2187. I ••••••••••••• COUPON ._ ........... . 

-



WE WILL BE OPEN 
ALL SUMMER 

UCSDCOOPS 
located in the 

Student Center 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS ~ San Diego's Alternative Bookstore 
HOURS: Mon.-Sat. 11 am-8 pm 
PHONE: 452-9625 

I 

GENERAL STORE COOP 
Lowest Prices on Campus 
HOURS: Mon.-Fri. 9:30 am-4:30 pm 
PHONE: 534-3932 

FOOD COOP - Baked Goods, 
Fresh Juices and other Natural Foods 
HOURS: Mon.-Sat. 10 am-4 pm 
PHONE: 534-4238 

COOP 
RECYCUNG COOP 0 Please Recycle! 

Computer Science Coop • farming Coop 

I TOYOTA '. H\:jA MITSUBtSHI 
Brake Job 
Special $39 
FI'OIII or ,... (regularly $80001 
Brake JOb ,"cludes 
, Install specl" oew pads or 

IIl5lall reill b.a"" shoes 
2 O'aln old bra.e Iluid 
3 Inspect complele hychuhc system 
4 Refill hydrauhc rluld 
5 Bleed enure bralce sYSlem 
6 Adjusllront (II ~msJ and rear shoes 
7 Replace Iront rotor seals 

(with rotor t""l 
8 Road tesl 
Nole Hya-auhc pans are nol included 

Clutch Job 
Special $179 

(regutatfy S325 00 1 
We replace 
I rra ~SIT'I'.s,on InPilI s/laft 5021 (exceIJ' ~onOOsl 
2 Pressure p:ate 
3 Clutch diSC 
4 Throw OUI beallng 
5 P,1o1 beanngs 
6 New transmiSSion ()tl 
7 Road lest 
Note Hydrauh' p~·t ~ are nol coyeretl 
Brand new pa1S 
AsIc about our special rllllll 
tor .... 0 ....... 

-------------, 10% OFF LABOR I I 
FOR UCSO STUDENTS : 

ID CARD REQUIRED : 
-------- ______ 1 

Our tllle -UP InclUOes a '01 more than olhe<s 
II Includes 
, Span. plugs 
2 O,stllbulor po,"" 
3 Condensers 
4 AdlusII.mlng 
5 Adjust dwell angle 
6 Chec~ & repleOis/1 all 

flUId & od levefs 
7 ChecIr brakes 

8 Check Llu,," 
9 Check "w'" 

1 0 Check uno'" 
C,)Irlage I~ dr." kt~ 

r, Check coohng 
system & hoses 

12 Roattiesl 

Major Service IJ5-poln1) 
Special $79 ('egulatfy SlJOOO) 

O~ matOf t __ uP Incluoes 
I Compression lesl 
2 ValYe a4uslment 

Replace 
3 Vatve cover g;ISI>.el 
4 Span. plugs 
5 Dislnbutor pOlniS. 
6 Condensers. 
7 A. 111te<. 
8 011 hlte< 
9 Gas hlter and 

10 Engme 011 
I 1 Adjusl liming 
12 Adjusl dwert angle 
13 Ad,USI carburetor 
t4 Adjust all & luel 

ratto mIKtUf! 
15 ~dlust Slmt"l box 
16 Mlust clutch 
tl Mlust blakes 
18 Ad,ust emergency 

blakes 

19 Check & adlust 
uposed betls 

20 lube hont !tid 
21 ChICk & repl!lHsft 

aJiliurd and ollirveis 
'l1 ChICk ellCl1;t,l1 system 
23 Check IDr loose 4f 

IoSI bolts 
14 Check b'al!! 
15 ChICk clulch 
16 Check hghl! 
27 Check underearralge 

101 damages 
18 Check and .echa.ge 

battllY II necll~'Y 
29 Rotatl tflll 
lJ Check Ifll p!llsure 
31 lubl dOOr klflOlS 
32 Cleck all hold~s 
33 Check coohng 

syslem & IIOstI 
34 Check exhaust systlm 
35 Road tm 

NOlI I 101 6-cyhnder eals add S20 10yol3 Supras add S)J Dalsun 2IIlSX 
Wllh 8 spark plugs add S35 

All our work h ••• 2-,e.r or 20,000 mile. limited w.rr.nt, 
L. warraJIly in IOWII uapt I •• IIPS. wllia un a S-RlOIIt. IIfIirartlll . • atments made illrrirtt die validitr 

of ads will slill be good afterwards. We carl gin rGII uelt"'t reflrenas from our satisfild Clstomers. 
All prlcls Include p.rts II.bor • Open I.turd., 8:00 .m-4:00 pm 

overseas 
Automotive RepaIrs 

Offer good thru 
Octobir 15. 1988 

HourI: M·F 7:30 .m·6:00 pm 
Sat. 8 .m·4 pm. Closed Sund.y 

8008 Mlr.mar Rd. "8" 895-1990 
C.lllor appointment now. 

_1'11"1\ Iontgetti'tg jealous 01 oIlhe 
new looks in perms from Lo. do •. 
So he grabbed a jet and headed 
home 10 L,.( •• to-. 10 check 
lhem oul. and zoomed bock 10 Son 
Diego with sUtcases lui 01 the Inlest 
lechnlques and ideas. So now you 
con bok .e vo.x Brnish cousins! Now 
Rolph isn'I jealous anymore. COt\.vet\.t~ot\.~t C~'lt4 

~O~G.t\.t., ~~Ve4 
)e~lt )fl~'l~e4 

C'lG.'}lt C'l~lt\p4 

SSoff 
wilhthisod 

IIUCIlESl - 409 UNYERStTY - 1fI·CUTS 
'ACIfIC IEACII- 1447 GARNET - m.cUTS 

COLLEGE - 1021 El CA.DlII.VD. - 413·5052 
OCUlI lEACH - _ NfIIJPORT - m -J771 

Enthusiasm is the name 
of this man's game 
Tltls COIICIt ·, Box /elllure or/,in,II'y rlUl May 23. I'" 

By PATTY JETTIE 
C.,.,dlalf lifter" 

I t is a warm and breezy spring day at UCSD. On Muir Field. a large man is preparing to speak in front of a 
group oflocal high school students . The 
kids look bored. anticipating yet another 
dull speech about something that doesn't 
interest them. As the man lumbers up to 
the front of the group. everyone does a 
double take when he bellows. " My 
name is . .. BOB MOSS! And I'm here 
to talk about ENTHUSIASM! Hubba 
jubba!" Arms outstretched. a huge grin 
splashed on his face. Bob Moss looks 
like the happiest man on earth. 

And so he may be. If you look up the 
word "enthusiasm" in the dictionary. 
you'l see a picture of this man grinning 
back at you. Yet mere words fail to 
convey the true essence of the man. Just 
being around him makes you feel better 
about yourself; he 's the kind of man 
who can make you laugh with a look 
and a word. It is this ability to spread 
laughter. combined with his undying 
enthusiasm. that has become the Moss 
trademark . 

To Moss. a physical education teacher 
for UCSD. confidence and enthusiasm 
are nothing more than looking like you 
know what you are doing. "Fake it 'til 
you make it" is the policy Moss lives by. 

Moss enjoys sharing his enthusiasm 
with others and often speaks to a variety 
of audiences, from high school students 

to groups of California Interstate Bank-
ers. This year he has spoken to the Muir 
dorms, seven UCSD intercollegiate 
teams. the Revelle RAs and the Black 
staff organization; in the past two 
months alone he has given a presentation 
at three state and one national physical 
education confereoces. Whether im-
proving Padres Manager Larry Bowa's 
overall game performance or helping 
high school students to "stand out in a 
crowd." Moss's formula for success is 
based on one thing: the power of 
laughter. 

"Discover your best laugh and share 
it ten seconds longer everyday," Moss 
said. "Think how much happier a year 
from now, ten years from now. you 
could be if you lengthened your laugh 
everyday!" According to Moss. laughter 
allows a person to get rid of both 
tension and frustration. When a person 
laughs. certain endorphins are released 
into the blood. producing an energy 
high that is similar to the effect of sugar. 
A good belly laugh allows the person to 
feel better -about himself. which paves 
the route to improving one's self esteem, 
Moss said. 

Moss uses cnthusiasm as a way to 
boost a person's self confidence. ' A 
UCSD football and tcnnis instructor, 
he tries to get students to use audio and 
mental imagery in order to break down 
the problems they are having within 
their sport . While helping a tennis 

See MOSS, pale 11 

Tacolime 
Here's the Call • • • 
\"'-'~:'l.D .-,.......,j.- - - - - - - - - - -FREE 

SOFT TACO 
SUPREME 

I 
I ' 
I 
I 
I 

"'"" pwrIMM 0/ -- ., ... p., prl~' I 
A p ip ing hot soft flour tortilla. Illied w ith 

• seasoned ground beef and cheddar I 
R I hI C I cheese along with crisp lettuce. fresh I a p S onvenlence Ctr. tomato slices and sour cream. 

at Villa La Jolla Dr. 11111 Tacolime · I 
3 MIN. FROM CAMPUS! 1\1 D :::::::ls=::~M~esenl I 

Taste the Real DifJerencerM I whenOlder1ng NOlvalldW1lhOlh8folfefS I L-.....::....:;;.:...:...:......:...:..;:...:.....;:...;.;;:..=..::-=~!...:..:..=.:.::..:=-_ .. ___ .bpl, .. ' /1S/" . _. _ •• 

AUTO INSURANCE 
need not be expensive! 

Special 
COLLEGE STUDENT 

Program 
Call us first at 584-6400 

WESTLAND Insurance Brokers 
f o rmerly Oak Leaf Insurance 
3838 CAMINO DEL RIO NORTH #315 

SPECIAL SUMMER EDITION, AUGUST 1988. SPORTS 

HUIIA JUIIAI 

MOSS 
Continued from pale 10 
player, "We taped his serve over 
and over ... [later] he could 
listen to the sound of the serve, 
picturing the racquet hitting the 
ball in his mind." 

It is in his class "Accelerated 
Improvement of Motor Skills" 
that he is able to provide stu-
dents with a wide exposure to a 
variety of sports techniques . 
Geared toward different athletic 
abilities, the students make "pure-
ly positive" motivation tapes; stu-
dents give a speech onto the tape 
telling how they have already 
achieved their goal. Moss feels 
that this verbal step will increase 
an individual's self confidence. 
Moss believes that "every sport 
skill has a rhythm to it ; if you can 
create it by your mouth . then 
that's the realization of success." 

According to Moss 's tennis 
teaching assistant Jan Cassid y, 
Moss "is unique because through 
his enthusiasm his students feel 
successful with each small pro-
gress ion they make in the ir 
sport . " 

Emily Fong, a student in one 
of Moss's softball classes, agrees. 
"He really gets everyone moti-
vated . I really get a lot out of this 
class," said Fong. 

UCSD Phys ical Educat ion Coach Bob 

Moss maintains that laughter is the best 

medicine for redu cing tension and stress. 

So when you pass Moss on 
campus, don't be surprised if he 
approaches you with a mischie-
vous grin on his face. If he starts 
laughing at nothing in particu-
lar, join him. You will be sur-
prised how good it makes you 
feel. 

COLONY CLEANERS in the Vons Center 
Now offers an exclusive 

UCSD 
SUMMER SPECIAL 
r------------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

°/. OFF I I I I 
ANY 5·PIECE ORDER: 

: Expires 912 4188 I 
_________________________ J 

COWNyCLEANERS. La Jal/a Cuhmy .55-0077 

XEROX COPIES 

M08Jl SERVICE 
c.J Copy 

* 
UCSD 

* 
• ~ __ -+_'vll1e La 10Me 
• E-BAR 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies while you wait. Book Binding. Free Parking 

HOURS: M-F 8:30-6, SAT. 12-4-
3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 
Next to St. Germain's 452-9949 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Buy any 
regular 6-
sandwich 

and recerue Q second 
6- sandwich of equal 
or lesser 1IOIue lor 
only ,~. Not valid 
with onj,l other offe r. 

\....--_~ [htYi At~EqIre.'/./ •. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I C;lMml,. 
~----------------~ 

678GMir ... r .... 
behind Carl's Jr. 
549-6969 
Open 24 Hours 

950 Filtll A" •••• 
Across from Taco Bell 

234-7829 
Open 7 days till midnight 



,, __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

~ Master Mechanics 
========= exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

------------------I 20% ~~!!?~~~! 1 
I I 
I 11\ :ALL lic 1 
I S! 1450 94941 :!!i!rJl~ I 
I -. I 
I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 
I About Us; If They Haven't Discovered • 
I Us Yet, Ask Us For Referenceii. I 

~ 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE • 
~-------------------

Searching through the jungle 
lenders for a student loan? 
Discover Educaid, the 
student loan specialist, 
and unearth a treasure 
trove of options and 
services. 

r - - - - - WIth Thll Coupon Thru 9/20/ .. - - - - - , 

: SAVE : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I~----------
I I 
I I 
I I 
I RAYBAN WAYFARERS I 
I • Reg. $63.00 NOW$31 50 I I • 100% W protection JUST I 
I • Optical quality glass lenses I 

~ j)acifi' ~&" Ti·1 
• Clal~t Square 272-8808 • La Jolla Village Squar. 53S-D365 I 
• Pac:lflcleac:h"omenade581~769. LoJoiIa 1241 Prospect454-7532 

L · Enclnltal (Lumbefyord) 942-{)337. North County fair 745-9425 • 
--------------------

Your 
tions 

~""n"v turnaround on receipt of 
completed 

~ A lender who works 
as hard as you do. 

HERE 
Continued from pa.e 9 
projected graduating date falls 
by the wayside, one feels as if one 
is reaching for the keys to get the 
hell out of here - reaching and 
grasping - and can't quite seem 
to reach them. Most of us don't 
give up. Even if we should. 

I hope you find a coat hanger. 
See you in '87. 

GONZO 
Continued from pa.e .. 
of rock concert. It was Circus 
Circus, and even Hunter called it 
"feeding time at the 100." 

Some of the questions were 
certainly a revelation. Giddy 
water heads needed to know if he 
really took acid with John 
Chancellor or shot Linda Ron-
stadt's poodles. A few self-right-
eous Sixties diehards insisted 
on using gratuitous profanity and 
demanded to know what Thompson 
was doing with his life, and why 
he was selling out by writing for 
the San Francisco Exam;n~r. 

Unfortunately, not many of 
those in attendance seemed to 
exhibit a grasp beyond the ob-
vious. Hunter S. Thompson is 
not, strictly speaking, an aural 
experience. Anyone who dishes 
out fifteen bucks for a "lecture" 
by Hunter gets what he deserves. 
He's an intangible sensation, 
whether by his presence in a 
room or the cumulative effect of 
his words and metaphors after 
you've read them. It's not impor-
tant that you believe Ed Muskie 
took the drug ibogaine, or· that 
Richard Nixon was eaten by 
white cannibals. That's typical 
Hunter hyperbole. It's import-
ant that you feel the despair and 
ineptness of Muskie's 1972 pre-
sidential campaign or sense the 
void in America's passion for 
democracy after the Nixon 
years. 

Hunter S. Thompson is an 
enigma - his name should be 
one of its definitions in Web-
ster's Dictionary. He may be too 
outrageous for some tastes, hope-
lessly anachronistic, a raving, 
greedy hustler in his own right. I 
don't care if he's living with 
wolves - as long as he still pos-
sessts ideas and motivation and 
the motor skills necessary to put 
pen to paper. If he's out th~re 
screeching in the wilderness, 111 
be listening. 

HELP WANTED 
Students needed to 
represent Kinko's 

educational services to 
UCSD faculty and staff. 
Flexible hours. Ask for 

Mike or Mitch 457 -3775. 


