
Part II: San Diego Press Self-Critique 8 An Interview with Tr~cey of the Primitives hl 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1988 VOLUME 65, #20 0 
Liaison Staff 
Will Oversee 
Research Labs 
By DENISE DADOR 
Staff Writer 

In light of growing concern 
over the University of California's 
management of the Livermore 
and Los Alamos nationallabora-
tories, UC President David P. 
Gardner announced last week that 
he will add three officers to his 
staff in an effort to step up lab 
oversight procedures. 

According to Gardner, the 
announcement is a result of an 
ongoing review ofthe University's 
relationship with the labs. 

In the past, opponents of the 
labs have voiced concern over the 
University's direct involvement in 
nuclear research, UC lab officials 
overstepping their roles as scien-
tists, and the Regents' "shoddy" 
management practices. 

Gardner said that the internal 
review is expected to be completed 
by the end of this year and could 
produce additional actions. 

"In recent months, issues have 
arisen at laboratories which have 
been of concern to the University, 
to the labs and to the public," he 
said . 

Gardner said that increasing 
his staff will expand the U niversi-
ty's management of the labs and 
enable the Regents to become 
better informed about laboratory 
issues. 

Senior Vice President of Aca-
demic Affairs William R. Frazer 

GlUlTdltm File Photo 
UC Pre.ldent: David Gardner has announced additions to 
his staff, to aid in oversight of UC's Lawrence Livermore and 
Los Alamos nuclear laboratories. 

said that adding to the staff will 
enhance the effectiveness of 
management operations. He said 
the new appointees will facilitate 
collaborative activities and expand 
communication between the 
office of the president and the 
labs. 

Earlier this year, California 
Assemblyman Tom Hayden (D-
West Los Angeles) authored 
budget legislation that called for 
more money to be allocated to 
oversight procedures. 

Student Employees Denied 
U C Health Benefits 

In a Senate Committee report, 
Frazer referred to Hayden's pro-
posal as "intrusive and inappro-
priate. " 

During Hayden's visit to UCSD 
on Nov. 14, he told students that 
the University needed to improve 
its oversi~ht procedures. 

By PORSCHE SHANTZ 
Staff Writer 

Approximately 900 students in the UC system who receive University 
health insurance benefits as employees will lose those benfits on Jan. I. 

The California legislature ap-
proved Hayden's budget language 
but Hayden said the Regents' 

See LIAISON, pace 3 

Toxic Waste Burning 
Near UCSD Proposed 
Public Hearing Set for Dec. 12 
By DAVID WYNER 
Associate News Editor 

A toxic waste incinerator across 
from the UCSD campus is win-
ning its battle against the city of 
San Diego and many local resi-
dents to burn waste in Torrey 
Pines Mesa. 

Controversy over the plant's 
health risks and environmental 
impact have made issuing permits 
for the plant a long and rocky 
process. 

The incinerator, now owned by 
Ogden Environmental Services, 
Inc., a spin-off company of 
General Atomic Technologies (GA 
Tech), has been the subject of a 
permit dispute which has spanned 
three years, numerous public 
hearings and an ongoing federal 
court battle. .-

In an upcoming public recon-
sideration hearing scheduled for 
Dec. 12, the city of San Diego will 
ask U.S. District Court Judge 
Judith Keep to reconsider her 
May, 1988 decision which effec-
tively allowed the incinerator to 
begin operating without a city 
permit. 

In the case filed by Ogden 
against the city, Keep ruled that 
the city had improperly denied 
Ogden a Conditional Use Permit 
(CUP) in December of 1987 and 
could no longer block the plant's 
operation. 

Although Ogden had received 
many permits from both federal 
and state agencies, they were 
required, by law, to obtain the 
CUP before burning waste. 

According to the plant's opposi-
tion, though, the city has every 
right to block the incinerator's 
operation. 

"It says clearly in the federal 

and state permits that [the federal 
and state governments] under-
stand that the facility would be 
subject to local review," said Diane 
Takvorian, executive director of 
the Environmental Health Coali-
tion , a private organization 
which has spearheaded Ogden's 
opposition. 

Keep's original decision caused 
significant controversy. 

"Basically, she didn't grant 
Ogden their permit," Takvorian 
commented. '1The judge] said, 
'Y ou don't need a city permit [in 
order to operate].' 

"Now, that's unprecedented for 
a federal judge to step in and tell a 
local jurisdiction that they don't 
have the . .. authority to regulate 
their own land use," she continued. 

On the other hand, Maya Rohr, 
Senior Permit Engineer at Ogden, 
felt that "the j~dge had every right 
to do what she did. " 

According to Rohr, theincinera-
tor, known as a Circulating Bed 
Combustor, "has been here for a 
long time and it started [ operation] 
in the area of nonhazardous 
material. " 

She said that the California Air 
Resource Board "realized how 
efficient the combustion system 
is . .. and . . . wanted us to do a test 
on hazardous waste." 

Following that test, Ogden 
decided to pursue a permit of its 
own. 

In late 1985, the plant, then 
under the supervision of GA Tech, 
applied to the federal Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA) 
for a Research, Development and 
Demonstration (RD&D) permit, 
which was eventually received in 
early 1987. 

The permit is valid for a five-
See TOXIC, pace 7 

This is a result of UC President David Gardner's decision to exclude 
students from the University employees' benefit plan (CORE) coverage. 

The CORE plan was designed to comply with the 1986 Tax Reform 
Act which made it mandatory that employers provide health insurance 
to employees who work an average of 17.5 hours per week. 

Accordin" to Mary Beth Snyder, Director of Student Affairs in the 
Office of the President, adoption of the new policy would allow the 
University to save money that would otherwise be spent on providing 
health insurance for qualified students. At the same time, Synder said, 
student concern over a reduction in work hours could be addressed. 

A. S. Council Discusses Grade 
Policy Conflict, Fund Allocation 

"[The CORE plan] was not really designed to meet the needs of 
students," Snyder said. 

Gardner decided on the new policy in November after meeting in 
early October with students in Los Angeles and Berkeley to get their 
input on the possibility of students receiving benefits under the CORE 
plan. 

According to Snyder, students need not be concerned about a 
reduction of work hours under a new policy. 

"Some of the students we heard from were concerned that if we 
included student employees, under CORE coverage, th~n hour ~ould 
perhaps be cut," Snyder aid. "Now that they are not tncluded 10 the 
plan, it will not jeopardize their hours at all ." 

De pite thi , ome student are up et by the new p?li~y, Ra~dall 
Gile , pre ident of the U SD Graduate tudent A oClatlOn, ald . 

ee DENIED, pale 3 

By LAURA PROCTOR 
Staff Writer 

Student Advocate Bard-Alan 
Finlan spoke out against a grade 
policy conflict between the 
Engineering Department and 
the Academic Senate at yester-
day's A.S. meeting before the 
council turned to the question 
of allocating funds to the 
Women's Resource Center. 

Finlan informed the Council 
that the UCSD Committee on 
Educational Policy ( EP) re-
cently approved the Engineer-
ing Department' polic for com-

puting grade point averages of 
pre-EECS majors, despite the 
policy's violation of systemwide 
Academic Senate Regulation 
780 (c) (4). 

This regulation states that 
when any undergraduate 
courses for which the student 
has received a D or Fare 
repeated, "only the most recent-
ly earned grades and grade 
points shall be used for the fir t 
16 units repeated.'" 

Under current policy, pre-
EECS major who repeat a 
cia for a better grade will have 
both grade computed into their 
average. which would lower the 

student's G P A. 
Despite this discrepancy, the 

CEP is allowing the policy to 
continue. 

Finlan quoted the minutes of 
an Oct. 25 CEP meeting, stating 
that the engineering department 
"may continue to use grade 
earned in previous courses [even 
those which had been repeated] 
to screen tudent for admis ion 
to the major .... However, a 
term other than 'grade point 
average'mu t be used for com-
pliance with [the] Academic 

enate regulation .. . . " 
See A.S., pace 3 



UC NEWS 
Fraternities' Slogans Still 
in Dispute at V CLA 
LOS ANGELES - A UCLA group is trying to 
determine who has jurisdiction to settle complaints 
about slogans some fraternities displayed on motor-
homes that were bound for the UCLA- Berkeley 
football game last month . 

Some members of the UCLA co mmunity have 
deemed the slogans vulgar and offensive. 

The University Policies Commission (U PC) has 
selected Kari Shoening, a graduate student in Eng-
lish, as case officer to lead the investigation. 

The Commission is a campus group that studies 
student conduct codes, rights, policies, and 
complaints . 

If an applicable code is discovered in the docu-
ments , the Commission will notify the organization 
with authority in the case. If no code is found the 
UPC will request that Chancellor Charles Young 
address the problem. 

- Joe Quinn, The Daily Bruin 

Santa Barbara Drug Raid 
Produces 38 Ounces of Cocaine 
SANTA BARBARA - Sherifrs deputies raided 
five Santa Barbara area apartments Nov. 18, seizing 
38 ounces of cocaine and arresting 12 persons on 
charges of alleged drug sales, possession of drugs 
and drug paraphenalia, and possession of stolen 
property. 

The raids followed a four-week investigation into 
narcotics trafficking in the area. Search and arrest 
warrants were issued for six different apartments in 
the area. 

Residents of the apartments are suspected of 
involvement with cocaine and marijuana. 

- The Daily Nexus 

VCLA Copy Machines Burglarized 
LOS ANGELES - A man who went to state prison 
for burglarizing campus photocopiers in 1986 was 
charged on Nov. 10 for recently breaking into two 
copy machines, a university police detective said . 

UCPD Sgt. Phil Baguiao said a witness helped 
confirm a,n investigator's hunch that convicted bur-
glar Milton Ray Barnes, 27, allegedly returned to 
campus to break into photocopiers and steal money 
from coi n boxes. 

BLOOM COUNTY 

The witness, who narrowed a list of suspects to 
Barnes, told police that Barnes was the man who 
allegedly pried open a campus photocopier coin box 
and took an unknown a mount of money in late 
October. 

Campus photocopiers have been plagued by a 
rash of burglaries since September, Baguaio said. At 
least 22 burglaries have been reported to police, 
most recurring at certain locations. 

Estimated loss in cas h and damages was not 
available. 

- Eugene Ahn, The Daily Bruin 

Former VCLA Student Arrested for 
Sleeping in V CLA Financial Aid Office 
LOS ANGELES - A former UCLA student was 
arrested Nov. 2 after University police found him 
sleeping in an office on campus for the second time 
this month. 

Police officers found Michael Caine, 21, at 2:45 
a.m. curled under a desk in the Financial Aid Office, 
UCPD Lt. Kathy Stanley said . 

Caine was arrested at the office and later booked 
for investigation of burglary. He was also arrested 
last week after police found him trying to sleep in 
the same office. 

In both cases, Stanley said , Caine entered through 
an unlocked window. 

Caine, a former UCLA engineering student, took 
on his transient lifestyle three months ago after two 
years of troubling experiences. 

Caine dropped out of school, was discharged from 
the Air Force and laid off from work before he 
began looking for a place to sleep on campus. 

Philip Weeks, assistant director of the Financial 
Aid Office, said Caine may have lived in the office 
on-and-off for up to two weeks. 

He said employees complained of lunches myste-
riously taken from the office refrigerator, snacks 
missing from drawers, and a stolen coat. 

Office employees reported the problems to police 
both times before Caine's arrests. 

Caine faces arrainment of the burglary charge 
Monday in West Los Angeles Municipal Court. 

- Eugene Ahn, The Daily Bruin 

VCSF Investigating Possibility 
of Single-Sex Apartments on Campus 
SAN FRANCISCO - UC currently allows only 
opposite-sex couples who possess a marriage license 
to rent apartments in university-owned family hous-
ing. The UC Student Association (UCSA) is con-
cerned about this policy, and feels that it may be 
discriminatory against same-sex couples, in direct 
contradiction to UC policy adopted in 1983. 

by Berke Breathed 
,..-----_ ........ .., 

1IT1fE~ 
IE'5MJrfe~ 

fR11JMUF.. 
r 

The UCSF UCSA is studying the prospect of peti-
tioning the UC Board of Regents to allow same-sex 
couples and their dependents to live in UC Berkeley 
family housing. If such a proposal were tendered , it 
would be based on an "affidavi t of domestic partner-
ship" designed to ensure that the policy would not 
be abused by people who maintain casual 
relationships. 

Several other universities, including Stanford , 
Yale, and Columbia, have policies that permit same-
sex couples to occupy family housing. And at least 
two municipalities, Berkeley and West Hollywood, 
extend insurance benefits to same-sex partners of 
municipal employees. The same-sex partners of 
employees of the Associated Students of UC Berke-
ley also enjoy such benefits. 

- Synapse 

VCSB A.S. Begins Computerized 
Student Textbook Exchange 

SANTA BARBARA - Frugal students searching 
for an alternate way to buy textbooks may find their 
answer in a new book exchange service sponsored by 
the Associated Students. This service will be available 
for UCSB students at the end of the year. 

Organized by the UCSB A.S. Business Services, 
formed specifically for that purpose, the book 
exchange will begin to match students in need of used 
textbooks with those trying to sell them. 

One purpose of the UCSB book exchange is to save 
students money by eliminating the profit often made 
by rniddlepersons in buy-back programs offered by 
the bookstores in the University Center and Isla 
Vista. 

Past attempts at organizing exchange programs 
have been plagued by problems. One such attempt by 
A.S. last Fall Quarter encountered difficulties because 
of the lack of a primary organizing force . 

UCSB students wishing to sell textbooks can 
register an application and deposit it at one of several 
on or off-campus depots free of charge. Students who 
then wish to purchase books pay $.50 to buy a 
computerized list of students owning a certain book. 

- Arthur Pines, The Daily Nexus 

I 4 " SPOTLIGHT 1 
Cal State San Marcos to Open in 1992 
LOS ANGELES - A 20th California State Univer-
sity will be built in northern San Diego County, the 
University Board of Trustees decided Nov. 17. 

The proposed campus, csu San Marcos, should 
be open partially in 1992, according to CSU spokes-
woman Janice Walker. 

The San Marcos site has been used since 1979 as 
an off-campus center for San Diego State Univer-
sity. Nearly 2,000 SDSU students attended classes 
there. 

Walker said that the CSU Trustees, who voted 13-
4 for the new campus, are confident that the state 
legislature will approve. The trustees' vote also 
called for the appointment of a president by faU ' 
1989, and of other administrators. 

CSU San Marcos will be open to upper-division 
students, transferring primarily from junior colleges, 
and to graduate students in 1992. By 1995, the cam-
pus will be fully operational with the entrance of its 
freshman class. 

The school will compensate for popUlation 
increases in northern San Diego County and south-
ern Orange County, which have caused state univer-
sities in the area to receive more eligible applicants 
than they can accept. 

- Richard Hopkins, The Daily Bruin 

I UCSDINFO 
Committee for World Democracy 
Presents Cuban Film Lucia 

The Committee for World Deomocracy will present 
the movie Lucia on Friday, Dec. 2 at 7 p.m. in Third 
Lecture Hall room 107. 

The film, which will be shown for free, is structured 
in three parts, each centering on a woman in a differ-
ent era of modern Cuban history. One, and aristocratic 
spinster involved in a passionate romance with a trea-
cherous stranger during the Spanish occupation in 
1895. The second is a bourgeois girl who leaves her 
family to take up with an anti-Machado terrorist dur-
ing the uprising of 1933. The final is a strong-willed, 
young peasant woman locked up by her husband in 
the post-revolutionary Cuba of the 1960s. The film 
lasts 160 minutes and is in Spanish with English 
subtitles. 

- compiled by Leeu Llaht 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

LIAISON: UCAddsStaffPositions 
Continued from paae I 
response was less than coopera-
tive. 

Hayden 's proposal marked the 
first time the state legislature has 
intervened between the labs and 
UC since the labs were established 
in the 1940s. 

Two of the new liaison officers 
will be assigned to the Livermore 
and Los Alamos labs, according 
to Frazer. 

"These staff members will be 

expected to become thoroughly 
familiar with the operation of the 
laboratory and especially with 
those aspects that are essential to 
UC's management of the labora-
tories," Frazer said. 

The third liaison officer will be 
assigned to the Committee on 
Oversight. A Regent spokesman 
said the officer wiJI work closely 
with the others "to ensure there is 
involvement and input on ad-
ministrative matters." 

UC Senior Vice President of 

Administration Ronald W. Brady, 
who oversees the administrative 
aspects of the University's relation-
ship with the labs, said the new 
staff members will provide the 
missi ng links in the chain of 
communication. 

"This interaction and the actual 
physical presence at the labora-
tories should improve UC over-
sight in general and liaison with 
the [Department of Energy, with 
which the labs have contracts] in 
particular," he said. 

DENIED: UC Cuts Benefits 
Continued from pale I 

"[Graduate students] are, most 
understandably, upset." he said. 
"They' are very annoyed that they 
are bebtg told a) you can't have 
coverage and b) we don't consider 
you employees of the University. 

Omnibus Benefits Reconciliation 
Act (COBRA). 

COBRA was designed to pro-
vide health insurance to employees 
whose current coverage is ending 
due to termination of employ-
ment or other circumstances. 

Under this Act, an employee is 
required to pay 102 percent over 
the previous group premium in 
order to retain his health coverage 
for up to 18 months. After that 
period, the member is dropped 
from the benefits plan. 

ThurJday. Ikcem~r I. 1988 3 

A.S.: Funds A Rotted 
c ................ . 

"It's so typical it'. naulC&tin .. " Finlan said, merrin, to the 
CEP's "loophole" created by cbaftlin. the tenDI but not the 
policy. '"This is a bia cmbarraumeat to (the CEP] because they 
didn't think I'd be able to JCl a hold of their minuta." 

The council also approved an allocation of S2,~ to the 
Women's Raouree Center to allow speaker Sonia Johnson to 
live a lecture next quarter as part of tbe Women's ScholaR 
Lecture Series. 

Warren Sophomore Senator Tina Maher urpd the council to 
consider_ the precedent the allocation would let, sayiG. it was 
"too much money." 

Vice President External Mordecai Potash apeed, sayiDa. ., 
don't think it 'I lOiD. to (rault in)enoup benefit forthestucreDu 
for the IDOIICl it COllI." 

The COUDClI ultimately approved the measure, after beariR. 
arpmentlinfavorohupportin,tbeWomen'lResourceCenter. 
PropamminaCommisioncr JoaathanJudaken pointed out that 
... percent of tbe student body is women, .. yin .. "I think tbis is a 
JOOd time for us to stand up and support a Jar. portion of our 
campus." 

It would appear to be the Pres- ,----------------------------------------------------
ident's intention to show that 
students really aren't employees 
by offering us a terrible health 
plan and then saying we can't 
have it." 

Snyder said that "for the most 
part students at the graduate level 
wanted to be included [under the 
CORE plan]. But the student 
body does have access to other 
insurance at group rates whereas 
other part-time employees of the 
University do not have that op-
tion." 

When student employees are 
dropped from the CORE plan; 
they will have the option under 
federal law of continuing their 
coverage under the Consolidated 

For appointment. please caI/457-21J38. 
81)5' ViI/a L" Jol/a Dr., Sit. 2120, 1II Jolt" 

EI Torito directly across ramp.) 

%e University tBookitore 
.!2lnnuaf lio{U{ay Safe 

safe starts 'December 5 
tfirougfi 'December 10 

Save 10%-00% on 
-Clothing 
-Luggage 
-Exercise wear , Enjoy 200/0 off 
-Gifts & Novelties 
-Ceramics 
-Jewelry 

+Technical Books 
Code 801 only 

-Kitchen utilities 
+General Books -Glassware 

-Toys. Excluding sale lilies 
And much more! 

S pec!al 'Erltnt 
On 'WuftllSd'aJp lJ)eam6er 7, 

enjoy Iiot spia4 citftr an4 
jazzy IioCulay entertainrrunt 
from. t1ie vocal quintet, -[5/1 

12 noon· 1 p.rn. 

University Bookstore 
[LJJCC:::L§51 D 1 

Hours: Monday through Friday 7:45 a.m,- 5: 15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

. Closed Sundays and Holidays 
Personal checks, Mast6I'Card and Visa welcome 

--------------------I % medium or large • I 25 OFF Any small. • 
.1 frozen yogurt I 
:. I 
:1 • 
;1 I 
;1 I 
I I VOId With any other offer I 
I Toppings not Included I One coupon to a 
I cus10mer La.Jc:.-o \IiIogIt 01 I Exp/fes 12/4/88 UlC 
•• • Hours: 11 -10:30 Mon.-Thurs. 
• 11 -11 Fri. & Sot. • 
I 12-10:30 Sun. I . 
• 7770 .............. _101 (In von'$ Shopping Cenler) • 

--------------------

ORKING 
IRL 

starring 
Harrison Ford 
Sigourney Weaver 
Melanie Griffith 

December 12, Monday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free passes available at Noon on 
Friday, December 9, at UCSD Box Office 

- Admission by pass onlyl -
Presented by University Events & Student Acti~ties 



4 Thursday. December 1. 1988 

OPINION---
______________________________ ~~o~~~----------------____________ __ 

Hunter S. Thompson 

The New Dumb 
How long, 0 Lord . . . How long? Where will it end? The only possible 

good that can come of this wretched campaign is the ever-increasing 
likelihood that it will cause the Democratic Party to self-destruct. 

- Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail, 1972 

S i~teen years is plenty of time for even dumb people to learn just about anything they need to, especially when the difference between winning and losing is usually a matter of life or death, 
professionally, in the business of big-time politics. It is a question of 
enlightened self-interest - learn quick or die. 

But there are exceptions as always, like Joan of Arc, Lyndon 
laRouche, and even Gary Hart - which is not really fair in Gary's 
case; it was not that he couldn't learn, hejust had different priorities. 
They jeered and called him crazy when he quit, but polls taken 
immediately after the election had him as the Demo front-runner for 
1992. 

It was the kind of news that nobody wants to hear, like having your 
premarriage blood test handed back to you in a lead bag, or getting a 
job as the next sheriff of Sicily . . .. Richard Nixon might handle a horror 
like that, or maybe William Burroughs, but no other names come to 
mind . Some things are too ugly to even gossip about . 

Gary was unavailable for comment on the '92 poll, and his former 
campaign manager, Bill Dixon, has long since moved to Bangkok. 
Other Democrats wept openly at the news, but most just stared 
blankly. "The front-runner for '92?" one asked. "Are you crazy? I'd 
rather have a truckload of pig entrails dumped in my front yard by 
some of those tattooed guys from the Yakuza." 

It is an ancient and honorable method of collecting debts in Japan, 
but not yet chic in this country. The Yakuza, however, are said to be 
infiltrating American cities at a rate that will soon make them the 
second most powerfuj political organization in this nation, behind only 
the Republican Party. 

The Mafia ranks No. 3 - followed by the Roman Catholic Church, 
the IRS, the U.S. Congress and the American Marijuana Growers' 
Association. 

Indeed. There are many rooms in the mansion. James Angelton said 
that back when the CIA was still a ranking power. . . 

The Democratic Party is not even listed in the top 20, despite a No.4 
ranking two years ago. It was a shocking plunge. 

"The Democrats shouldn't even be listed in the top 40, "said political 
analyst Harold Conrad. "They have become the Party of Losers." 

That is probaby wishful thinking - but at 10 to I it might float, even 
in Las Vegas. The last time a major political party self-destructed was 
in 1853, when the Whigs went belly-up despite the leadership of Henry 
Clay, Daniel Webster and John Quincy Adams. They had ceased to 
stand for anything except pure politics. 

"They refused to learn," says Conrad. "They became the New 
Dumb, and then they died." 

If that is the only issue, the Democrats appear to be doomed. They 
have not learned anything about presidential politics since 1960, and 
they have lost five out of the last six elections despite a consistently 
powerful showing in state and local elections. 

T he dumb are never with us for long, and there is a lot of evidence to suggest that Republicans learn faster than Democrats .. . Consider the crude learning experience that fell like a huge snake 
around the neck of the national Republican Party in 1964, when they 
were forced to go public as the party of Dum b Brutes and Rich People, 
and then see themselves flogged in the general election by 16 million 
votes. 

When Goldwater was forced to wallow in the horror of public 
defeat , many experts said he was not wallowing alone, that the whole 
Republican Party was wallowing with him. The GOP was doomed, 
like the Whigs, to a cheap and meaningless fate. 

But not for long. Four years later, Richard Nixon came back from 
the dead and ran the Democrats out of power with a 500,000 vote 
victory over the wretched arch-liberal, Hubert Humphrey ... 

It was 1968 - the Death Year - and this time it was the Democrats 
who ran amok. If the campaign had been conducted under the Rules of 
War - which it was: a civil war - thousands of hate-crazy young 
Democrats would have been tortured to death by their own kind, or 
killed in the streets like wild animals . Both Johnson and Humphrey 
would have been executed for treason. 

W e were all crazy, that year, and many people developed aggressive attitudes. When I packed my bags for Chicago, 
there was nothing unusual about including a Bell motorcycle 

helmet, yellow ski goggles, a new pair of Chuck Taylor All-Stars and a 
short billy club. Packing for Chicago was not like taking off for Club 
Med. 

The Democratic Party has never recovered from that convention. It 
is a wound that still festers, and these people are not quick healers. 
They have blown five out of six presidential elections since then, and 
their only victory came after a criminal Republican president was 
dragged out of the White House in a frenzy of shame. 

It was no big trick to beat Gerald Ford in 1976. He was clearly 
Nixon's creature, and the GOP was massively disgraced . It was a 
friendly preacher from Georgia against a gang of crooks . ... And even 
then Carter blew a big lead and only won by 2 points. 

Four years later he was crushed by Ronald Reagan, a goofy version 
of Goldwater, who ruled for two terms and then anointed his successor 
while Democrats embarrassed themselves once again. 

Party Chairman Paul Kirk should be whipped like a redheaded 
stepchild, and the others should be deported to Pakistan. Any major 
opposition party dominated by shaggy whores and failed dingbats not 
only cripples the two-party system, but insults the whole democracy. 

Meat Diet 
Harms Us All 
Editor: 

I appreciated Julie Munro's 
article promoting vegetarianism. 
Unfortunately, some readers will 
probably dismiss her arguments 
as placing pigs above people, so I 
think it is also important to discuss 
how a meat-based diet harms 
humankind , aside from the ob-
vious health hazards of eating 
meat. 

Meat production is an appalling 
waste of food that should not be 
permitted in a world where many 
people are starving. If the grain 
which is fed to livestock were fed 
directly to people instead, an acre 
of land could feed at least five 
times as many people. 

Letters 
Modern factory farming meth-

ods are ecologically unsound. The 
meat industry is one of our leading 
polluters, and it consumes a vast 
quantity of energy. In addition, 
the antibiotics that are necessary 
to keep animals alive under wret-
ched conditions contribute to the 
development of drug-resistant 
bacteria, which in turn cause 
disease. 

Finally, we must not forget the 
people who actually produce our 
food . Factory farms are putting 
family farmers out of business. 
Also, studies have shown that, 
due to poor working conditions, 
slaughterhouse workers are much 
more prone to certain diseases 
than the general population. 

Vegetarianism is one way to 
help make the world a better 
place for both animals and people. 
It's healthy, too. 

Brett T. Garrett 

Homage to 
The Sun God 
Editor: 

Christmas is coming - only 
(n-I) more swottingdays - so it's 
time we published the words of 
our new Christmas carol: 
Rudolph the red-nosed sungod 
Has a very shiny nose. 
All the students here who see it 
Marvel at his god-like pose. 
All of the other sungods 
Used to laugh and call it names. 
They never let poor Rudolph 
Join in their ungodly games. 
Then one sunny Christmas morn 

Students came to see 
Rudolph with its nose so bright 
Is a goddam awful sight. 
Though a\1 the sungods loved it , 
Standing in UCSD, 
Rudolph the red-nosed sungod 
Has a red posterity. 

Gianna Oscuro 

Cutback on 
Student Hours 
Editor: 

I wish to clarify a couple of 
points about Porsche Shantz's 
article, '"UC Student Employees 
to be Denied Health Benefits." 

I agree with Phy\1is Walker on 
the point that students can recieve 
better health insurance, as stu-
dents, than the new CORE pro-
gram provides employees. How-
ever, to state that this was the only 
reason that students were not 
included in this program is naive . 

First , let me clarify a point 
which has confused and worried 
many of our colleagues: 

It is true that, if students were 
included in this program, depart-
ments would have to pay health 
insurance for student employees 
who work more than 17.5 hours 
per week. It is also true that this 
money would come directly from 
each department's budget . So, in 
order to save money, most depart-
ments would probably cut back 
student hours to avoid paying the 
insurance costs. 

However, who mandated that 
the insurance money mwt come 
from the individual departments 
(instead of a general UC system-

wide account)? The Office of the 
UC President, the very office that 
came up with the CORE pro-
gram. So, basica\1y, the Office of 
the President created a lousy 
insurance program that they sus-
pected students would beg not to 
be included in. 

.. . Why? 
I couldn't get a straight answer 

from the Office of the President 
on this , but I have my suspicions. 

The first reason is that no mat-
ter how you slice the pie, the Uni-
versity would lose money if they 
paid for employee health insu-
rance for students. Some benevo-
lent department, somewhere, 
would absorb the cost and keep 
the student hours status quo. And, 
in this era of slim education allo-
cations, this isn't what the UC 
administration wants. 

The second, and much more 
important reason is that including 
the students in this program sets a 
dangerous precedent for the UC 
system. It supports the assertion 
that students who work at a UC 
school are students and employees 
(with fu\1 employee rights and 
privileges), instead of just students 
who work at the university. 

Employees of the University 
system have the right to form 
unions and employee associations 
to fight for their rights. Students, 
regardless if they work on-campus 
or not, don't have that privilege. 
The Berkeley Graduate Student 
Employee Union took the UC 
system to court to have that 
changed (actually, it was the UC 
system that took the students to 
court). The students won, but the 

See HOURS, pale ~ 

A.S. President, COUDen Are No Joke 
By EVAN S. WEISENFELD 

I am writin& this article becauae I am embar-
rassed and appalled. Yel, I'll admit it, I am a 
member of the A.S. Council. It .. aornefhin. I 
don't like to admit to lately becauae of the actions 
of the Council this year. 

Over the past eiaht or 10 montha. we haft 
experienc:cd a number of rather petty activities aU 
intended to "better the life of students hen: at 
UCSD." I totaUy diueree. What baa cxxurred 
are a lot of people who like to hear thelDlClvea 
speak and like to write !etten <and I am inc:ludilll 
myself as one ofthne people) in order to criticize 
each other's performance. But I have realized 
that it has to Itop. 

Lut year when our A.S. President Maynard 
Dimmeadale ,ot elected, we experienced a very 
roup transition. But wbat do you expect when a 
very pro-Pattenon council baa to deal with a very 
iaexperienced president like Maynard. But mOlt 
W .. ~II',.A.$. ~c..c...I .. 'o ..... 

of us lot over that. We realized it would be a very 
Ion. year if aU we did was faabt. but tbat is exactly 
what hu occurred. It .. beena terrible year. • 

AI the A.S. Commiuioner of the Univenity 
Center, it it my job to make sure that the Student 
Center IUld the University Center are worltilll 
properly, and then report back to A.S. I think 
tbat everyone on A.S. needs to take a cloeer look 
at their job dacription, and remember tbat we 
are here to ICrve tbe students, and not ounetvee. 

And now to Maynard. PlealC rememher that 
you are elected to lead the Council, aDd not to 
undermine it. Sometimea you have to do wbat .. 
better for everyone Involved even if you diaa .... 
You are not God. 

And for thote council memben who an 
talltilll about brinaiDI other council membert 
before the Judidal 80ucI for aUocatina mort 
money to the Cioll... CbuDCila, aDd &0 .... 
suppoaed -Impeach "ayaard Coalition-••• 
GROWUPIff 

A.S. it a bia .noup joke already witboul UI 
-ti •• 

The UCSD Guardian 

JOHN SHAW, Edi/o, in Clrief 
LARA MIHA TA. M""4Ii"l Edi/o, 
SETH SLATER, N • .". Edi/o, 

JULIE MUNRO, FeD/U,.. Edl/o, 
PHIL GRUEN, Spom Edi/or 
SAaRINA YOUMANS, ArlJ Editor 
CYNTHIA CAMPIELL, Auoci",. Arts Editor 
LARRY WEINTRAUI, Mwic Edi/o, 
KATHLEEN DONAHUE, Plroro Edi/o, 
LEESA LIGHT, Produc/ion Mana,er 
APRIL SMITH, Copy Edi/or 
RICK FORD, Graphic. Editor 

ERIC CHAZANKIN, AJJociD/e Nt.", Edi/o, 
DAVID WYNER, AJJociate Ne.". Edi/or 
ALI SA DIG HI AN. AJJoc;are Photo Edi/o, 

MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvtrrLrinK Manager 
SHENDL DIAMOND, Bus;"' .. Manarer 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Adv."Lrinr lH'IKMr 
JEFF SYMON, AdvtrrLrinr Rtp,.ynta/ivt 
JO PINCEK, Adv."Lring RLp"senrativt 

Sealor Scalf Wrlt.rs: Annamorie lleu.rid ... David Brooks. Petcr 
Messrobi.n. Isabellc Tihanyi. Larry Weintraub 
Staff Wrlten: Vincenl Andrldc. Marci Aronovilz. Cynthia Chesy. 
lilt CoUoy. DenISe Dador. Amlnda Oalnow. Rlndy Dotin .... Susan 

OPINION 

Hylcn. Briln Itow. Kcnneth J.lllen. Piny Jenie . Mile. Kan. John 
Kearney. Mlrk Kcnney. Jeff lombelh. Adom Levy. l.eesa Li.ht. 
Philip MlcOovern. Mike Maninn. Nlney Munlner. Lour. Proctor. 
Poncho Shonll. Wendy Slcinl •• Dcnn .. Woo 
I'IIocOPlplMn: Jill Babior, Su .. n F.ulhober. Pelcr MesSlobian. 
Michael PuntS. WYln Rosentll. Ken Reinstein . Rim .. Ulairi. 
1 ...... lon: R.my AYlncio. Janie Mlndruon. Jeff Quan. Jon R. 
Uyeslkl, Lois Yu. Alina Zorreno 
Typeoel1tn: Cynthia Campbell . Cynthia Chesy, Roark Dority. J.ff 
Kilo. lorl Mihot •• Catherinc Seidel 
Copy R ..... : Randy Dotin ... Susan Oross. Eric Sprinatr 
ProducUon Cr ... : Mlrei Aronoyitl. Nicolc llennett, Stlcy Lon,-
street . Nancy Muntncr. Amie Nauyen. April Smith, Julie Sonnla •. J.re Yamaguchi 

Th~ UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thurs-
days during Ihe academic year by and for the sludents of 
UCSD. Reproduction or use of this newspaper without per-
mission is slrictly prohibited 0 1988, all rights reserved. Th. 
Guardian is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts or 
an . 

Views expressed in writing and in graphics do not neces-
sarily represent the opinions of Th. GuardilUl, the University 
of CaUfornia nOr the Associated StudenlS of UCSD. 

The UCSO Guardian, 11-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (6J 9) 5J.W5IO 
BIBi_: (619) 53+3-466 

OPINION EDITOR 
• POSITION NOW OPEN. 

Submit cover letter, resume, and sample editorials as soon as possi ble to 
John Shaw, C/o Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. Call 534-6580 

for more information. 

Hours 
Continued from pale 4 
University is appealing the de-
cision. 

Thursday. December I, /988 

,.--_____ NOW THRU SUNDAY 
SUNGLASS SPECTA~C~U~---__ ~R--' 

5% TO 50% 

Our biggest sung/ass sale of the year' 
• SWATCH® 50% off now $14." (sug ret. $30) 

• CARRERA - 25% off • SERENGETI - 20% off 
• WARNET - 15% off • SUN CLOUD - 15% off 
• REVO - 15% off • GARGOYLE - 15% off 

• LAURA BIAGIOnl - 15% off 
Lowest Retail Sunglass Prices Guaranteed 

• Gift certifIcates. Hassle-free exchange polley 
YOUR ULTIMAn CALIFORNIA GIFT STOREI 

1'~y~5&T& 
NOW HOIITON PlAzA (level 3) 238·9287 

• Clalremont Square 272-8808 • La Jolla VIllage Sq_ 535-0365 
• leach Promenade 581-6769. La Jolla 1241 Prospect 464-7532 
• Enelnltal (Lumberyord) 942.m37 • NOiftl Counly FaIr 745-9425 

For '*- Iacallonl. pI_ ealllhe ~. 

The bottom line is that if stu-
dent employees (along with full 
time employees) were both includ-
ed in a good insurance program, 
it would help the student cause. If 
students aren't included, it helps 
the administration . -So, even 
though we students were spared 
from having our hours cut, we 
will still be trea ted as second class 
employees by every UC school. 
Somehow, this doesn't feel like 
much of a bargain to me. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Mordecai Potash 

A.S. Vice President 
External Affain 

UCSA Sets 
Its Agenda 
Editor: 

The University of California 
Student Association (UCSA) is 
the official representative of the 
UC students on a statewide level 
to the Regents of the University 
of California, the State Legisla-
ture, the Universitywide adminis-
tration and state agencies such as 
the California Student Aid Com-
mission and the California Post-
secondary Education Commis-
sion. 

Each campus has two represen-
tatives, a graduate and an under-
graduate student, who sit on our 
Board of Directors, whkh is 
responsible for all policy decisions. 

In addition to representing 
students to these various entities, 
at the beginning of each academic 
year UCSA chooses three to six 
issues to work on which are of 
critical inportance to students. 
Some of the issues we have been 
successful on in the past include 
undergraduate student employ-
ment and fighting the submini-
mum wage for people under the 
age of 21. 

Since July, UCSA has been 
soliciting input from the nine 
campuses to determine student's 
top priority for the 1988-89 year. 
At our October meeting, we chose 
to pursue the following issues: 

• Health Insurance for Stu-
dents: The goal will be to ensure 
that all students have access to 
adequale and affordable health 
care. 

See AGENDA, pale (; 

00 s 
Bring your used textbooks to the tent at the 

southeast corner of the bookstore and receive cash! 
Monday, December 5 
Tuesday, December 6 
Wednesday, December7 
Thursday, December 8 
Friday, December 9 
Saturday, December 10 

9 a.m.-4 p.m. 
9 a.m.-4 p.m. 
9 a.m.-4 p.m. 
9 a.m.-4 p.m. 
9 a.m.-4 p.m. 

10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

There will be a daily drawing for prizes. The grand prize drawing 
will be on Saturday, pecember 10,1988. 
(Must he at buyback to enter. Winner need not be present.) 

University Bookstore 
[L[JCC:~I D I 

534-4557 
Regular store hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 



6 Thursday, December 1,1988 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • :$2 OFF : 
: ANY lARGE PIZZA : 
• • 

:$1 OFF : 
• • 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
• • 
• • 
• • I • 
I Pleas.: FREE • 
I pr<>cnl coupon CAMPUS I ' 
I when ordering DELIVERY • 
I HO RS: TO YOUR • I Mon· Thu. Ilam·MID • 

Fn.·Sal. 1lam·1am DOOR 
I Sun. 11 :30am ·MID • 

• • I • 
I • 
. 1 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. La Jolla Village Square I 
.. 455-0662 • 
I .................... .. 
... __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 

7rltf'5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NIl and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

'Must be ~Ied allime cI esttmate. 
Nat valid wtIh major engine ()( lI'ammlsalon repan. II 
~ ~LL AI 11450 94941 !!L'S I 

• _. I 
It You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them II 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References, 

:70 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT ~R TO:.!.s;.OUNT;: __ J 

"SWEAT WITH THE BEST" 

HIGH ENERGY AEROBIC WORKOUTS 
• Several classes daily • No contracts 
• Certified instructors • p'ay per workout or per month 
• High & low impact classes • Babysil1ing available 
• Floating suspended wood floor • Full locker room facilities 
• Fitness and nutrition counseling. Exercise physiologist on staff 

OPEl TO THE PUBLIC - FIRST VISIT FREE 
M. Larry Lawrence Jewish Community Center 

41 26 Executive Dr. 
(Located between 1·5 & 1·805 North of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

For class schedule and prices call 457-3030 
(For further details contact Ken Rosenthal, Aerobics Director) 

OPINION 

• Free Prcgnanq lesting 
• Early Pregnancy Tesling 
• Pregnancy Termination 
• (;eneral or Local A neslhesia 
• Afford~hlc Birth Control 
• Diagnosis & Treatment 

of Sexually 
Transmiucd llisl'aSt'S (STlls) 

Call the College Line 
619' 535' 1379 

for Studt'1I1 Discount 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

m 
Offire, Throu.houl Soulhern California 

IS GIVING MONEY AWAY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 
special academic or creative project I U.s. 
GRANT$ has $7000 to fund undergraduate 
academic projects this Spring quarter. For more 
information attend a grant workshop on 
Wednesday, Nov. 30th at 11:30 am, Thurlday, 
Dec. 1st at 2 pm, and Tuedaay Jan. 9th at 3 pm. 
Both of the workshops are In the Multi-Purpose 
Room, upstairs In the Student Center. Questions? 
Drop in or call 534-3917. Remember: Deadline II , 
3 pm, Wednesday, Jan. 11. 

...... UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC GRANTS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Agenda 
Continued from page S 

• Collective Representation 
for Graduate Student Employees: 
We will combat the University's 
denial of employee status to 
graduate student employees, in-
cluding teaching assistants, read-
ers, tutors and research assistants 
and seek to obtain for them a 
meaningful say in the decisions 
which are made about their work-
ing lives. 

• Student Control of Student 
Funded Buildings: We will seek 
increased student control of cam-
pus buildings constructed or ren-
ovated with student fees. 

• Quality of Undergraduate 
Education: We will monitor the 
implementation of recommenda-
tions of the University Task Force 
on Lower Division Education 
especially in the areas ofT A train-
ing, student-faculty relations, cur-
riculum, improved advising, and 
continue to support programs 
designed to ensure equitable treat-
ment for all students, especially 
women and students of color. 

• Graduate Student and Fac-
ulty Affirmative Action: We will 
work to increase the representa-
tion of women and persons of 
color within the ranks of U niver-
sity faculty and the graduate stu-
dent popUlation. 

• Long Term Student Fee 
Policy: We will lobby to streng-
then the state's Long Term Stu-
dent Fee Policy, which we helped 
to create, which sets limits on the 
level of systemwide mandatory 
fees. 

These issues are of critical 
importance to UC students, but 
we can only be successful with 
their support and work. Students 
wishing to get involved with any 
of these campaigns or learn more 
about UCSA, should call their 
student government office and 
get in touch with their UCSA 
representative. 

UCSA is an exciting and effec-
tive organization and I encourage 
each student, not only for them-
selves, but for all UC students, to 

, get involved. 
Tracey Woodndr 
UCSA Pretident 

~ Read 1t and 
\.1 Rec cle It! 

~~H6LP ~~~ 1> tflJt~ 
L.l.flN t-f 

WORK. SHARE. LIVE. SAVE LIVES. 
You can have a summer full of adventure & personal growth 
v.hile improving health for (he people of Latin America . 
V 0 I. LJ ~ r E E R! 
lobe an Amigos \olunteer , v.rite: Amigo~ de las Americas. 
5fl iX Star I.ane. Houston . Texas 77057 . ~ 
Or call : 71J-7X2-5290 or gOO-2JI-7796 ~.jI 
(gOO-J92-45g0 in Texas). -"'I ."''' 

The UCSD Guardian 

TOXIC:DebateContinues 
Continued from pale 1 
year period, but waste can only be 
burned. at the Torrey Pines Mesa 
site for 365 days out of those five 
years. 

Also, the permit allows Ogden 
to store up'to 150 55-gal/on drums 
of waste on-site. However, ac-
cording to Rohr, 75 drums are 
designated for non-hazardous ash, 
a by-product of the combustion. 

Plants with an RD&D permit 
cannot attempt to commercialize 
their technology but must focus 
solely on research and develop-
ment, according to permit specifi-
cations. 

The Environme'ntal Health 
Coalition conjectured on Ogden's 
motives for obtaining their penni!. 

be very useful. ft 
To date, no Environmental 

Impact Report (E[R) has been 
conducted for the La Jolla Plant. 
The lack of such a report has been 
made a major issue by Ogden's 
opponents. 

The decision that no EIR was 
necessary was reached at a state 
Department of Health Services 
public hearing in June of 1987. 

The next month, the San Diego 
County Board of Supervisors 
formally opposed the lack of an 
EIR and requested that the state 
reconsider its decision. 

NEWS 
lapsing and I 50 barrels of pure 
hazardous material burning with 
no emergency response team to 
extinguish the blaze. 

The results of many of the 
other preliminary tests have been 
controversial. Specifically, the 
California Air Resource Board 
test has been the subject of 
numerous debates. 

At a June, 1987 public hearing, 
UCSD professor and cancer ex-
pert Cedric Garland introduced 
evidence, from his calculations, 
that during the 1984 test, 777 
times the legal amount of toluene 
was emitted from the incinerator. 
Toluene is similar to benzene, a 
chemical which is known to cause 
cancer. 

The accuracy of Garland's 

calculations is under question. 
"The 777 number ... came from 

an improper scientific calcula-
tion," Rohr claimed. "When the 
state reviewed how [Garland) 
came up with the number ... they 
simply, very clearly said, "I'm 
sorry. This number IS calculated 
improperly. We cannot accept 
this.' .. . 

The Guardian' w'as unltble to 
reach Garland for comment. 

Takvorian believes Garland's 
figure is accurate. 

In response to the figures, she 
rhetorically. asked, "What does 
that say about [Ogden's) com-
mitment to this community and 
their commitment to the protec-
tion of public health?" 

The overall effectiveness of the 
plant, and of incineration in 

ThurJday, Deumber I, 1988 7 

general, has also caused contro-
versy. 

Rohr maintained that the 
Circulating Bed Combustor is "so 
effective that once the material is 
fed [into the incinerator), almost 
instantaneously it's destroyed." 

Takvorian, on the other hand, 
insisted that "incineration time 
after time has proven not to be a 
very good technology. and this 
facility specifically doesn't appear 
to be particularly good." 

During the permitting process, 
Radian Corporation, an outside 
consulting firm paid by Ogde~n, 
made an assessment of the po-
tential risks of the incinerator. 

Radian concluded that the cars 
passing the plant daily on [-5 emit 
far more hazardous material than 
the plant would . Those results, 
however, have been contested. 

"It's really a marketing permit, ~ 
Takvorian said. "(Ogden is) really 
getting permission to be able to 
burn everybody's waste around 
the country to demonstrate [to 
the hazardous waste producers) 
that this [incinerator) is something 
that they may want to purchase.~ 

Rohr explained why no EIR 
was called for . According to her, 
California has a process known as 
the California Environmental 
Quality Act to determine whether 
an EIR is needed for a particular 
site. 

Under the Act, numerous initial 
studies and risk assessments were 
performed by various agencies 
and, according to Rohr, aU show-
ed that the plant posed no risk . 

Clrcul.tlng 8M Combuetor i~~:S~ONS 0 
sueM 

"[ think that it's a poor analogy 
to begin with," Takvorian stated. 
"The risk assessments they did 
came under pretty strong attack 

She said that one of her con-
cerns is the possibility that even-
tually Ogden may request a 
commercial permit for the La 
Jolla plant. 

Rohr stated that there is no 
need for this concern and said 
that while "Ogden does want to 
commercialize the Circulating Bed 
Combustor . . . This [plant) is only 
a research facility." _ 

Rohr did say that "at some 
point [Ogden) would be interested 
in perhaps [establishing) a fixed 
site facility where people would 
bring their waste ... and, of course, 
in the permitting process for 
something like that, having test 
data from a facility like this would 

"Many of the opposition think 
that since there was no EIR . .. the 
environmental impact [of the 
plant) was not considered, but 
that's not true," Rohr said,listing 
the preliminary tests that were 
performed. 

One of those tests was a maxi-
mum credible accident assessment 
in which the possible results of a 
hypothetical accident at the Ogden 
plant were determined. According 
to Rohr, the assessment concluded 
that, even in a worst case scenario, 
there would be no need for an 
evacuation of the area. 

In that assessment, the worst 
case scenario included the walls of 
the storage facility completely col-

SOLID 
'HO 

'0 
'A. 

COMIUSTlDN ~ 
CHAMIER ~ 

rr=:===:!J [6 
• 

t 

t 
COOLI NG 
Vl'A JER 

HUt CAS 
COOL!" 

Fl u£ GAS 
( MlSSIO NS 
MONITOR 

flUlGA$ , 
mUSH 
fll ffR 

-ASH 
CONVf YOR 
SV$ l(M 

t 

Courtesy of Ogden Environmental Services 

from people in this community .. . 
who said the risk assessment . . . 
wasn't worth much because ofthe 
assumptions [Radian) used." 

She explained that Radian 
assumed the plant was able to 
destroy 99.999 percent ofthe waste 
it burned, and said, "that hasn't 
been demonstrated." 

On the other hand, Rohr argued 
that the information in Radian's 
assessment was "taken from actual 
test data where it was demon-
strated that we could destroy to 
that level." 

-Rohr also mentioned that prior 
to Radian's assessments, its test 
assumptions were reviewed by 
four federal, state, and local 
agencies and by the independent 
consultant firm known as Health 
Risk Associates. 

You dodt need youfp.arents' money 
to buy a Macintosh 

It's never been difficult for students to convince 
their parents of the need for a Macintosh· computer 
at school. 

Persuading them to write the check, however, is 
another thing altogether. 

Which is why Apple created the Student Loan·to· 
Own Program, An ingenious loan program that makes 
buying a Macintosh as easy as using one. 

Simply pick up an application at the location 
Ii ted below, or caIlSOO·831·WAN. All your parents 

for you in just a few weeks. 
There's no collateral. No need to prove financial 

hardship. No application fee. . 
Best of all, the loan payments can be spread over 

as many as 10 years. 

need to do is fi II it out, sign it, and send it. ....... 

Which gives you and your parents plenty of time 
to decide just who pays for it all. 

• IntroducingApple's 
Student Loan·ta-own Program 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 

534-4291 If they qualify, Ihey'li receive a check 
Cl I9AA Apple CompUler, Inl·. Apple, Ihe Apple 10811, and Macint(l')h are relliSiered lrademarks of Apple CllmpUler. In ... 



-----FEATURES-----
____________________________ ~~Dq~~~--------------------------

8 Thursday. December I. 1988 

Panel Discusses San Diego Journalism 
"How Can San Diego Press Be Improved?" was the subject of a 
forum held at Peterson Hall on Nov. 15. Questions were fielded 
by the editors of the UCSD Guardian and discussed by the panel, 
which included the following journalists and editors. 
Richard KipUnC has been the City Editor for the San Diego 
County edition of the Los Angeles Times for four years. 
Robert Dom teaches journalism and reportage workshops at 
UCSD. He was a reporter for the San Diego Tribune and then 
left to freelance for tpc Reader and other publications. He has 
recently returned to the San Diego Tribune. 
Maribeth MelUn has been a senior editor at San Diego 
Magazine. 
Peter Kaye is the Associate Editor of the San Diego Union. 
Richard Louy writes a weekly column for the San Diego Union. 

Community Access 
Sports Editor Phil Gruen ques-
tions coverage of UCSD sports 
in the Union. 

through to them and say, "Hey, 
this is what I feel about this." Or, 
"Hey, 1 have a tip for you." It's a 
curious thing. Most of our tips 
come from the institutions we 
cover, not from people out there 
who are angry at those institu-
tions or something. I don't know 
why there is such a barrier. 
Louy: I wonder if that's true in 
other cities. 

where we have to examine the 
character of San Diego County. 
What kinds of people are here? 
Are they people who are really 
interested in reading newspapers? 
Do they automatically get their 
access to whatever their news 
quotient is, and maybe it's very 
low. I know people who have 
advanced degrees who don't read 
any daily newspapers and don't 
watch the news. And they don't 
feel any worse for it. They don't 
care that they're uninformed 
about the world . I know a lot of 
those people. Or at least I know 
enough of them to think that 
there are a lot more out there. 

So something about the char-
acter of this community, and 
maybe it is here . .. but there is a 
barrier between the reader and 
newspapers in this area that is 
very puzzling and very disturbing. 
We certainly would welcome that 
input to our newspaper. 
Dorn: I think that if you want to 
see a better press, you've really 
got to press them. You really have 
to call them up. You have to write 
letters to the editor. A lot of peo-
ple really feel that - especially 
people who are involved in news 
directly - to write a letter to the 
editor is kind of a come-down, 
you know, "1 should be paid for 
this." But actually, the papers 

really do pay attention to the letters 
to the editor. I do. When I read 
the newspaper, one of the first 
things 111 do is read the letters to 
the editor. It's one of the few ways 
other than the maniac talk-shows 
to learn about what the commun-
ity believes and feels and thinks. 
So if you're not making a contri-
bution or trying to write for the 
op-ed page - why not? .. . you 
don't have to have a license to do 
that - you should really press the 
newspapers themselves. Try to 
get something into the paper. Let 
them know you're out there. 

It's true. Maribeth said it. I 
guess Richard, you said it. You 
can write a bomb-shell, something 
that ought to lift people out of 
their chairs, and never get a letter 
in this com·munity. It's very eerie. 

Numbness v. "The Fire in the 
Belly" 

Louv: There are committed read-
ers. I love getting phone-calls from 
them, sometimes on Sunday 
morning. Whenever you write 
abo~t drugs, you get calls. Or 
abortion. But r think there is a 
core out there and they're kind of 
starved for good things to read 
above and beyond the feature 
story about one more Thanksgiv-
ingdinner for the homeless, which 
runs every year. 

See FORUM, pace 10 

Charles Bell questions the panel. 

Kipling: I've been puzzling about 
this for years and I have no 
answer. We keep trying to gain 
access to various communities, 
whether they're medical, religious, 
social, cultural, whatever, and I'm 
constantly puzzled why there 
somehow seems to be a barrier 
against those communities gain-
ing access to us. There's some 
barrier between the two. People 
don't think they can get through 
and talk to the arts reporter. They 
don't think of calling up the edu-
cation writer or the federal court 
reporter or the law enforcement 
reporter. For some reason, they 
think that there's a tower there 
and we're way up at the top of the 
tower and you could never call up 
the reporter of a story that either 
interests you or breeds anger in 
you or controversy and get 

KiplinC: It's a good question. 
Here, there are all kinds of ques-
tions that we haven't asked that 
underpin all the things we're talk-
ingabout tonight. You got at it by 
talking about how much the 
community has changed and how 
transient it is. But I think some-

Death Penalty Debated 
Divergent Religions Presented 
By RANDY DOTING A 
Staff Writer 

P roponents of six diverse reli-gions calmly and rationally 
exchanged views and ideas 

during the second Interfaith Inter-
face forum at Third College on 
Nov. 22. 

The forum, sponsored by the 
Interfaith Council, featured rep-
resentatives from the Baha'i , 
Catholic, Islamic, Jewish, Mor-
mon and Protestant faiths . 

The format of the three-and-a-
half hour long forum consisted 
mostly of questions and answers. 
The questions came from the 
moderator Maggie Bulkin and 
from the approximately 30-mem-
ber audience. Inquiries such as 

"How does man draw nearer to 
God?" and "Explain the impor-
tance of your religion's scriptures" 
were asked of the panel. 

Bahaist Earl Gaston explained 
that Baha'is believe in a "process 
[of revelation by God] that is con-
tinually unfolding." He said that 
the challenge is to find " what it is 
that God's messengers are trying 
to tell us." 

He noted that hesaw"glimmers 
and reflections" of his own faith 
in what the other representatives 
said. 

Gaston also examined the 
Baha'i belief in an afterlife: "We 
believe in an afterlife . .. [but] it's 
not completely comprehensible in 
this life." 

He compared our understanding-
ing ofthe afterlife to that of a baby 

in a womb: "The baby cannot 
appreciate this world until he 
enters it," and the same way we 
cannot fully understand the after-
life until we get there, he said .• 

The Catholic representatives 
were John Collins and Jamie 
O'Laughiin. Collins said that "one 
of the essential elements [of 
Catholicism is 1 the relationship 
between Scripture and tradition." 
He said this tradition "comes 
through the community." 

O'Laughlin said that "drawing 
closer to God is following His 
words in the Old and New 
Testaments. " 

She also explained that Cathol-
ics try to "take God as both a 
personal god and personal sav-
ior, and spread that to others." 

See RELIGION, pace 14 

By V.G. ANDRADE 
Features Staff Writer 

There is perhaps no issue which 
incites so much emotion as the 
death penalty. 

Deputy District Attorney Steven 
Anear 

At a recent capital punishment 
forum sponsored by the Pre-Law 
Education Association, sociology 
professor Joseph Gusfield, history 
professor Michael Parrish, Dep-
uty District Attorney Steven 
Anear, and Mario Conte of 
Federal Defenders of San Diego 
each offered his own opinions 
on the topic. 

Parrish began the discussiori 
with what he termed, "three 
fundamental objections and prob-
lems with capital punishment." 
They are its decisive and irre-
voca ble characteristics, its social 
and economic biases, and its 
arbitrary and contingent nature. 
Parrish referred to the Rosenberg 
executions as examples of the 
contingent and irrevocable forces 
at work in the imposition of capital 
punishment. Parrish summed up 
the issue of the irrevocable nature 
of capital punishment by asking, 

See DEATH, pace 11 

- , 

The home of the Introduction to the X Window System by Oliver Jones is a guide to developing graphic applications using X windows V.II with work 
49¢ halllburger. 

I J m ,I.(~l)OItaldJm ~ ~ J!lOli. 
IAIIO"",1 . 

stations running Unix. The book includes X protocols and concepts, Xlib 
interface, windows, graphics, text, bit maps, communicating between 
applications and more. 

The New DOS 4 .0 by Christopher Fiegenbaum and Saliga is a basic 
guide for installing and USing the new shell, starting and exiting a shell 
by either keyboard or mouse, adding new start programs, using 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IJ~~.!!-------------------__ ..... ..JI ~ ---ALL AMERICAN-MEAL----~ 
.......... ~. Quarter Pounder® with Cheese, Medium Fry, 

Mad' S' S ft D ' k COllI value' II lum- Ize 0 nn '1/20 011 ceni II 
II II 
II Limit one coupon per J t $199 II II custome

t 
r. per Vislt·hPlease . US II 

I I presen coupon w en . ' (plul tax) II I ordering. Not valid with Only aI' I ~I any other o~thru 7t~Ir;Rd.@1 "M.... Dec. 31, t9" 1237 P'roIpect yv\ ~ ,~ La Jolla ,~ ~ ~-------------------

extended memory and expanded disc storage as wrinen by members of 
the original development group. 

San Diegq's COMPUTER BOOK OUTLET 
COMPUTERS, GRAPHICS & IMAGES 

5945 Pacific Ctr. Blvd. 11501 San Diego, CA 92121. (619)546-0264 

the latest books on programming language 
---

such as pascal, c. assembler, basic, dos, I I • unix. os/2. hardware references, ~ I ~ 1...,.- ..... commuflications. graphics, database. word ~ processing, spreadsheets, financial and other ' a business topics for the PC, Mac, Apple, 
Atari. Ami"a, VAX and other workstations. •• U_-"Dr. _III. 

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIJ 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 

111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 

FEBRUARY, 1989 

CELEa 
3Llc 

UNDERGRADUATE WRITERS 
JOIN THE UCSD 
DEPARTMENT OF LITERATURE'S 
COMMEMORATION OF 

BLACK HISTORY MONTH 

DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION: 
JANUARY 31, 1989 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL THE LITER 

Thursday, Deumbu 1, 1988 

April 15 Could Be The Most 
Important Day of Your Career 

Why April 15? Because that's when you can take the 
Fundamentals of Engineering examination and become 
Qualified as an engineer·in-training . . . the first step in 
becoming a Professional Engineer. 
If you're an engineering student consider this. P.E. 
registration allows more C8rellr nexibility and 
choice. Professional Engineers aren't locked out 

of a career path; jobs are Iheirs for Ihe choosi ng 
in government, industry, construction and pri-
vate practice. Many employers. require 
registration for advancement to senior 
engineering positions. 
It will never be easier to take the exam Ihan 
now, while courses are still fresh in your 
mind. The test. developed by Ihe Nation-
al Council of Engineering Examiners. 

will be administered on Apri l' 5 at sites 
selected by The California Board of 
Registration for ProfeSSional Engi-
neers and Land Surveyors. The cut-
off date for exam applications is 
Jan. , 3. For more information, call 
the slate board at (9'6) 920-74~6. 
Clip and return the coupon below for 
a free brochure on how to become a 
P.E.: 

r---------------
I Please send me the free brochure . -Why Beco~e -;;- ;-1'::; I 
I The NCEE Guide 10 Registration: I 
I Name: I 
I,.,........... I 
I """"""" . I 
I AdOress. I 
I C~y: Slale: __ ZipCode: __ I 
I Return-to: I 
I The Nalional Council of Engineering Examiners I 
I Sludenllnforrnalion I 

LP.:?:....~ ~.~'!..~n.:...SE·~~~s... ____ ..J 

9 

ackard Calculators 
for this gift giving season. 

The HP·14B Business The HP-42S RPN 
Calculator Scientific calculator 

Students: 
Make the most of your 

study time with this 
easy-to-use calculator. 

$.61.25 (sugg. retail: $79.95) 

Power to handle all your 
tough problems. And it's 
the best one available 
for matrix and vector math! 
$91.25 (sugg. retail: $120) 

All other Hewlett-Packard calculators and accessories in stock. 

r~~HEWLETT 
~.,.. ... PACKARD 

University Bookstore [UJCC:L§JI D) 
534·4291 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m . 
Closed Sundays and Holidays 

-



10 Thursday. December 1. /988 FEATURES The UCS D Guardian 

Forum done twenty times. You might as of feedback causes them to be ingly. People are not going to Louy: A Saab. well have a form that you fill out numb. Their numbness sometimes read this happened, this happened, Klpllnl: Maybe a Volvo, but not where you piug in the names. causes a lack offeedback. There's this happened, semi-colon - just a Saab. I think we have some 
Continued from p •• a Maybe the turkey dinner for the too little questioning of what goes for a longer sentence. There's got people at the Times that are 

We're partly responsible for the the homeless on Thanksgiving is into a newspaper, both from the to be some style to it. There's got young, in their late twenties, and 
numbness because of the repeti- one of those disgusting examples community and from within the to be some sense that the person they are kind of yuppie-types, but 
tiveness of what we do. Reporters which happens over and over newspaper. There's too little who's telling you this has thought my God, they can get into the 
often talk about the fact that one again. questioning of the same old story. about it,that there is some thought most complicated stuff and make 
more year in the business means This kind of numbness among To return to my original point involved in the reporting. it read so you can understand it. 
having to do a hundred more sto- many reporters is a real strange _ Peter doesn't think journalism You know, life is not simple 
ries on something they've already symbiotic kind of thing. The lack schools count, and I feel like I got anymore. I don't know if it ever 
____________________ __ -, through journalism school in spite "If you give in to the was, but it's certainly not today 
. ,I .................. -..... -.--... of it, except that several years later n u m b n e s S ... the n where every step you take you 
• IA • I realized something there. I didn't, might end up in litigation or what-HAIRCUT SPEC L show for class very much, but I we re lost. Then journ- ever. All these different issues, 
• • learned a sense of history of the alism doesn't stand a whether it's AIDS or sewage or 
· .9 .. profession, a sense of ethics or ' chance" whatever, they're difficult issues. 
• • .. whatever .. . and I learned a hell' They involve!8 multitude ofagen-

• 

~.. of a lot on summer internships in -Richard Louv cies, a multitude of problems. It (reg. $12) Kansas that were set up by the takes people with a certain kind 
• • . 't I It' . al of talent - not just fire in the 

Ask for Yoko, Nancy E., Marilyn or Debbie umversl y ... os my ongm • • train of thought. . . Dorn: I wonder if some of the belly - to figure these things out. 
K· II N b ss N b ess Most of these people are hungry. 

• 20% OIU RedLen Denns . ' Ip nl: urn ne . urn n. writing we're seeing isn't a result ~J II r' They may not be this Carl 
• • Mellin: I think one thing about of careerism, a result of people Bernstein-work-forty-hours-a-

" 

EAR EUGHT . getting people to read is quality of entering the field, as Peter says, for week-never-wash-just-go-for-it. • _ SH D • writing. As an editor, I see a lot of the money instead of having the There are those too. There are 
• 3240 Governor • things that will come in that are fire in the belly. Some of the bad plenty of those ... 
• 

• just poorly written. Just poorly, writing has to do with, let's face it, (in the Big Bear Shopping Center) ..J poorly written. I think anybody you guys want Volvos, and they I look for reporters who are 
• • . who wants to get into this busi- should come later and not... hungry, reporters who are willing . 
• 453-4668 ~i ness should learn how to write. Klplinl: I don't think those are to really work hard. We certainly 

And learn how to write interest- necessarily mutually exclusive. don't begrudge them a decent 
. -...... . (with this ad) • • .•• • • • ~ salary for doing that . L-______________________ -, Dom: Well, if they're doing it 

we've 
correction 

the 
Prisoners of old-fashioned 

correction systems, freedom is 
here. 

Smith Corona's Correcting 
Cassette means an end to 
twists, tangles and fumbles. 

It's an easy-to-load, drop-in 
correction tape you can insert in 
mere seconds. 

There are no spools to 
unwind. No complicated thread-
ing. No more muttering under 
your breath. It's that simple. 

What's just as simple is 
our Right Ribbon System'.M It 
simply prevents you from 
using the wrong combination 
of ribbon and correcting 
cassette. 

You'll find our Correcting 
Cassette and Right Ribbon 
System on the Smith Corona 
SL 600 typewriter. 

You'll also find lots of other 

great features on the SL 600-
like the Spell-RighfM SO,OOO 
word electronic dictionary, full 
line correction, WordEraser 
and more. 

You might expect a type-
writer this sophisticated to cost 
a bundle, but the SL 600 is 
surprisingly affordable. 
All of which makes it 
one of the best values 
you can find today. 

Case closed. 

For more information on thia product. write to Smith eoron. Corponltion. 65 Locusl A..,nue. New Canun, CT 06840 
or Smith CoroDi (Canodo Ltd.>, «01ltpscoll Road, Scarborough, Onwio. Canodo MIB1Y4. 

• 

they should get the money, but I'm 
not convinced that people are 
entering the trade for the same 
reasons they used to. 
Klplinl: No, but I think some of 
the reporters we have could be 
making five times the money if 
theY'went into a different business. 
Dom: There's no question. 
Kaye: Let me get back to the 
question of numbness. We live in 
numb times. If you don't believe 
me, look at the last presidential 
election that ended a week or two 
ago. Boy, if you weren't numbed 
by that .. . There's a lot of reasons 
for it. You can compare it with 
the si ties and seventies. Those 
times might have had their faults 
but they sure as hell weren't numb. 

I think there's a lot of reasons 
for it. One reason is information 
overload. There's too many words 
being printed out. 
Dorn: Absolutely. 
Kaye: People writing columns too 
long. There's just too much com-
ing at you with the channel-
switchers . .. Richard, what do 
you call them? 
Louy: Flippers. 
Kaye: Yeah. The flippers. You sit 
there all night and flip their chan-
nels and the L.A. Times and the 
Union land on your front porch 
and .. . 
Kiplinl: Kill a dog or something. 
Louy: That's the LA. Times. 
Dorn: A lot of the numbness has 
to do with just the story counts in 
newspapers, the length of it. The 
ads go on and on and the news 
hole widens and ranges further 
into other sections and pretty soon 
the paper does weigh a pound 
and a half and goes to 120 pages . 
Fill that everyday with exciting 
copy! 

I've got this theory. It would be 
great if you'd just raise the price of 
the ads, Peter. Raise the price of 
the ads so that not so many peo-
ple would adv~rtise and the news 
hole would shrink and you could 
put good quality stuff in the news 
hole with the same amount of 
people. 
Kaye: Wouldn't that be terrible. 
Louy: I remembered the point I 
was trying to make. Historically, 
the solution to numb times are 
young people. People your age, if 
you give in to the numbness that 
you perceive, that we perceive, 
then we're lost. Then journalism 
doesn't stand a chance. It really 
depends on your fire in the belly, 
what you bring - hopefully with 
talent , hopefully having learned 
to write in Bob Dorn's class. It 

See FORUM, pale 14 

The UCSD Guardian 

Death Penalty 
Continued rrom pale a 
"how many innocent people are 
we prepared to sacrifice in the 
interest of carrying out a policy, 
based on either . .. deterrence . . . 
or retri bution?" 

Parrish continued, "If you kill a 
white person in a state like Florida, 
or Georgia, or Alabama, you are 
six to nine times more likely to 
receive the death penalty in those 
states than if you kill a black 
person urlder similar circum-
stances," Parrish said. "Capital 
punishment is disproportionately 
inflicted upon those who are poor, 
who are illiterate, and who are 
minorities within their particular 
society." _ 

Gusfield discussed the role of 
the death penalty in fulfilling 
society's need for deterring and 
punishing capital crimes. and 
establishing the moral and legal 
standards of the society. He 
defined the deterrent role of the 
death penalty as "not a particular 
area in which we have good 

"How many people 
are we willing to 
sacrifice in the in-
terest of a policy?" 
-Michael Parrish 

evidence that [murderers] are 
going to be much deterred by the 
existence of more severe punish-
ments." Despite this, Gusfield 
emphasized the role of the death 
penalty as an affirmer of society's 
norms and valida tor of its central 
moralities. For the citizens who 
maintain "the distinction between 
what is just and injust, moral and 
immoral," the rule of law "is of 
considerable importance, it is 
what creates security for them, or 
what creates the law as a system 
of legiti~cy." 

Conte reiterated the themes 
which Parrish had previously 
addressed, also providing prac-
tical insight into the i$SuC:. Conte 
pointed out the absence of any 
relationship between the death 
penalty and deterrence, showing 
that in states which do impose the 
death penalty "the homicide rate 
is 8.6 per 100,000," while in states 
which have abolished the death 
penalty the homicide rate is 4.7 
per 100,000. 

Conte discussed the inefficiency 
and costliness of putting an ac-
cused murderer through the death 
penalty process. Studies have 
shown the costs of capital punish-
ment make it impractical. "In · 
1985, the University of California ' 
did a study, it now costs approxi-
mately 4.5 million dollars to kill a 
human being," Conte said. "Capi-
tal cases are three times more 
expensive than non~pital cases, .. 
he added. . 

Anear focused on his role as 
deputy district attorney in San 
Diego, discussing the integral 
relationship between the role of 
voting citizens and the existence 
of the death penalty. Anearunder-
scored the immediate, practical 
role of the death penalty in 
California as well as the limita-
tions imposed on its use and 
safeguards which "create ever-.. 
increasing hurdles against the 
death penalty for the jurors, so 
that by the time they decide the 
death penalty is appropriate, they 
have basically eliminated all possi-
bilities of considering L-WOP 
[Life without parole]. .. To seethe 
agony that the jurors go through 
in deciding what the proper pun-
ishment is, there really is delibera-
tion here in California." 

FEATURES 

Experte.ca tile , .... 
ofMEXICO 

1030 Torrey Pines Ad. (corner of, HtQChet) 
·UT.I • TAlE IttT 

• Carnitas '. Tamales 
.• Burritos , . Chicken tacos 

. "Car~ A!ada,i - Chilaqui.les 
Open 11:00AM ~to 9 PM EVERYOAYI 

CetlInYOUf.Otdar "· .• ~torfUtefHrvic ... ,. 

Students ... 
Make the Grade 
with 

Thursday. December 1. /988 11 

UCSD STUDENTS: 
COLONY CLEANERS in the 

Vons Shopping Center wants and 
appreciates your business. 
r------------------------~--I 
: BY PRESENTING YOUR STUDENT 1.0.,: 
: WE WILL GIVE YOU 15% OFF ANY : 
: DRY CI E4NING ORDER WITH 5 : 
: ITEMS AND 20% OFF ANY ORDER: 
: WITH 6 OR MORE ITEMS. : 

~--------------------------j 
This offer is valid on dry c1eam·nK only. Discount 

does not apply to laundry items. Good until May 31. 1989. 

BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR OTHER 
UPCOMING STUDENT BARGAINS! 

COLONY CLEANERS. Lalolla Colony • 455'()O77 

AMERICAN SAVINGS' 
Interest-Earning 
Checking Account 
No minimum balance! 
Earn 5 1 /40/0 interest!* 

SPECIAL STUDENT OFFER ... 

* FREE 

* FREE 

of regular monthly service 
charges for one full year! 

first order of 200 
corporate style checks! 

* FREE 24-Hour Convenience Teller Card! 

Sign up today! La Jolla 
This offer good for a limited time only_ 
'Rates subject to change 

7825 Fay Avenue, Suite #100 
Corner of Silverado Street • In San Diego 

(619) 456-3711 

AMERICAN SAVINGS .,. 
A FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION •• {il.~ 



1 

12 Thursday, Dtcember I, 1988 

_____ S_~2~~T s----
The Cyn/eM Side 

Triton Sports Thrive While 
Chargers and Padres Suffer 

By MR. CYNICAL 

It's just a suggestion, but maybe the San Diego Chargers and 
Padres_would learn something if they bothered to examine 
UCSO's intercollegiate athletic propm. In just a few short 
years, Chargers and Padres have lone from bad to worse, and 
Triton sports on the whole have gone from good to excellent, 

Don't tell me that the Padres had the best record in baseball 
after the All-Star Break this year - I don't want to hear it, 
They were so rar behind before the break. that the only reason 
anybody noticed they were doing better is because tbe media 
made a big deal out of their second balf performance, When 
you improve from being 57 games out before the break (okay, 
maybe I'm exaggerating) to nine games out (or something) at 
the end of the year but still finish in f~urth place, who really 
cares? I certainly don't. 

And what have the Padres done since their '85 World Series 
appearance? Nothing. They were not threatening the next year, 
and haven't been so since. The only significant thing they seem 
to do consistently these days is lose and trade their managers 
around at the Swap Meet. 

And the Chargers. Oh, the Chargers. They used to be tough 
in the early 80's, but look at them now. Last year, they proved 
they couldn't handle tbe heat after jumping out to an 8-1 record, 
but stiU managed to choke so badly that they .didn't even 
make the playoffs. These days, even some sportswriters for the 
Union and the Times seem to have lost complete respect for the 
team - the only suitable writing topic for tbem concerns the 
.. Aikman Derby." In other words, if the Chargers lose enough 
games to finish with the worst record in the NFL and 
consequently earn the first pick in next year's draft. they can 
select UCLA quarterback Troy Aikman. Because of this, some 
Charger fans are now rooting for their team to lose. 

It's not likely that Triton sports are going to lure any of the 
Charger or Padre fans to UCSD, but let's face it: a good deal of 
the consistently successful teams in the San Diego area 
nowadays that are consistently good are right here on this 
campus. As a matter of fact, UCSO's teams are so good 
(especially of late), that I wouldn't be surprised if we have one 
of the best, if not the best, overall Division III intercollegiate 
athletic programs in the country. 

Who needs the Chargers and Padres when you go to a school 
whose teams win two National Titles on the same day (women's 
volleyball and men's soccer)? 111 admit that by winning the 
National Title this year, the women's volleyball team did not 
bring something new and innovative to UCSO (it was the 
Tritons' third consecutive title and fifth since the program's 

II 
H 
I' 
• r 
;1 

See CYNICAL, pale 13 

As great 88 you remember them. 
Only better. .,'.il.ble 8'. 

The ComIc Gallery 
4224 8olboa Ave, 675-8 N, 8f<XldlNoy 

Son Diego. CA 92117 Escondido, CA 92025 
at BoIboo a Clo~emonl Dr. Counfly eon-... Shopping CIt. 

NeocIlo Food Baskel , at Broodwav a WOlhlnglon 
(619) 483-~853 (619) 7~5660 

• FANTf:.So( & ROLE PlAYING GAMES e FANTASY 
MINIATURES· ROBOTECH & JAPANESE ANIMATION 

.. 

Women's Hoop 3-1 After Win Over eMS 

U CSD Off to Fast Start 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Slaff Writer 

Nobody's talking Regionals -
at least not yet - but the UCSD 
women's basketball team con-
tinued its early season success 
Tuesday night by pulling out its 
third consecutive close game and 
upping its record to 3-1 in the 
young season with a tight victory 
over previously undefeated Clare-
mont-Mudd-Scripps. 

In what Head Coach Judy 
Malone termed "a good win" over 
a team that was 23-3 and defeated 
UCSO last year, the much smaller 
Tntons came out fired up and 
aggressive and eventually man-
aged to overcome a halftime de-
ficit by beating the Athenas, 71-68. 

The first half was a hectic see-
saw battle, in which neither team 
took a commanding lead. CMS 
held a four point advantage head-
ing into the second half, however 
senior co-captain Jill Koster's 
bucket at the buzzer sent the Tri-
tons into the locker room on a 
positive note. 

The second half bore a striking 
resemblance to the first, until 
senior Tracy Ragatz, who special-
izes in the three-pointer as empha-
sized by her nation-leading per-
centage last season, nailed one 
with six minutes remaining to 
give the Tritons a 61-60 lead they 

Ken R ..... eln/ Guardian 
The women's basketball team must be listening - after an opening 
day defeat the Tritons have won three straight 

never relinquished. 
"I haven't been real comfort-

able or confident with my shoot-
ing all year. It's starting to flow 
now, mostly because I've been 
receiving good passes from my 
teammates,"assessed Ragatz, who 
not only leads the team in assists, 

but is 'also 9-for-26 from three-
point country so far. 

Doug Dannevik: The Man. The Quotes 

The Tritons forced several turn-
overs as their defense refused to yield, 
while Ragatz nailed her fourth 
consecutive attempt and then 
hooked up with freshperson Cari 
Young to extend their lead to 66-
62, when CMS became desperate 
and began fouling. Their tactics 
failed as junior Nancy Caparaz 
and senior Beth Koenig iced the 
game from the free throw line. 

Doug Dannevik, head coach 
of the UCSO women's volley-
ball team, recently led his 
surprising squad to its third 
straight national title . The 
year did not go by without 
some classic quotes from the, 
should we say, not too modest 
Dannevik. Here's a brief collec-
tion: 

get where we want." (Guardian, Oct. 8, 
following a regular season victory over 
Pomona-Pitzer.) 
• UCSO is " ... the best volleyball 

school. Over UCLA. Over SDSU. 
Over anybody." (Guardian, Nov. 10, 
prior to the West Regional Tourna-
ment.) 
• "I doubt any of the teams can play 

tough against my team for more than 
an hour." (Guardian, Nov. 14, before 
game' one of the West Regional 
T<lurnament.) 

CMS Head Coach Jodie Bur-
ton estimated, "They [the Tritons 1 
outplayed us. We gave them too 
many offensive rebounds and that 

See W. HOOP, pale 13 

Whittier Clowns 
Men's Basketball • " . .. We have young and motivated 

leaders on this team. and with a 
'dammit, get tough' altitude, we will 

• " ... the faceless ' Tritons are out to 
prove everyone wrong. We're driven. 
No Division III team can maintain a 
level of intensity hire we can." 
(Guardian, Nov. 17, befon: National 
Tournament,) 

After a weekend sweep in the 
Triton Tip-off Tournament, 
UCSD hit the road and received 
a severe thrashing from Whittier 
College Tuesday night, 106-72. 
The loss makes the Tritons 2-3 
on the season. 

You SOW 

this , , , 

didn't 

you? So 

will others. 

~ynot 
call 

The Guardian 

534-3466 

and put 

your ad 

here, 

• "It's very difficult for any Division 
III team to play at ourlevel of intensity 
for two and a half hours. They can 
play great for an hour, or the equiva-
lent of two games.- (Guardian, Nov. 
21 , referring to confidence that Tritons 
would rebound from a 2.(1 deficit in 
games in the first round of the 
Nationals vs. Juniata C<Jllege.) 

Tim Rapp led UCSO scoring 
with 21, and Kirk Kramer added 
14. The Tritons host Point Lorna 
Nazarene tomorrow night in a: 
free game at 7 p.m. in the gym. 

f"" .... "'"'' .. '' .... ''''''''' .. ''' ~ Join Us For The Holidays I 
I LUICH ~ I SPECIAL ! I soUP Our !amouslunch ~ 

~ Side SALAD special hM mad~ il lO ~ 
~ & PRIME TIM£! ~ 

~ CHICKEN TERIYAKI, ~ ~ California Roll sIII.d, wup, tutti ~ 
= SUSHI Ca/(fo," RoO ~ ~ on,y$2.98 onl)'$3.98 I 

~ // :30·3 DAn Y 5 PM.CtOSING ~ ~ h lilt (oupvn on" . daill' ~'ilh coupon only. ~ ~ Oni' P" eLi_flam" please. One P" customtf please, ;..-
~ Good Ihru Dec, 31. /988. Good Ihru D,c. 3/, /988. ~ 

I DELIVERY ~ ~ AVAILABLE IN PA CIFI 8EACIJ ~ ~ and adjoining area, 11:10-2 and 5-9 VA I L Y. $1 .50 charlie, = 
~ 4535 Mission Blvd. (at Fe/spar). Cloml Xmas & eM' Yeof!. ill 
A""" .. " .......... "' .. """""""'~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Cynical 
Continued from pale Jl 
initiation), but each of our men's 
soccer, women's soccer, and wom-
en's cross-country teams finished 
higher than ever before this fall. 

But it's not just our fall sports 
that deserve praise. In the spring, 
I wouldn't be surprised if our 
women's softball team goes all 
the way, or even if our tennis and 
baseball teams provide similar 
success stories at the tail ends of 
their seasons. 

Even our basketball teams -
whom many consider to make 
up the only weak spot of the 
entire program - are a lot better 
than most Division III basket-

FREE 
GAME 

DONT MISS OUT ... 
Come See Triton 

MEN'S BASKETBALL 
vs. Point Lorna Nazarene 

Friday night, 7 p,m. 
in the Triton Pavilion 

ball teams and are apparently 
improving as well. After ail, a 
17-9 record (UCSO men's bas-
ketball, 1987-88), can hardly be 
considered "weak." 

In addition, a few of our teams 
compete with Division I schools 
on a regular basis, and do quite 
well to boot. For example, our 
fencing team beats schools such 
as UCLA quite often, and our 
men's water polo team recently 
concluded its season with the 
country's number eight ranking 
in the Division r top 10, 

Now, I'm not discouraging you 
die-hard fans to give up on the 
Chargers or Padres, but if frus-
tration from rooting for losing 
teams is getting you down, head 
overto La Jolla. It's Division III 
sports action at its best. 
Editor's note: Mr. Cynical is a 
column written by a UCSD stu-
dent . It will appear in the 
Guardian on an irregular basis. 

SPORTS 

w. Hoop 
Continued from pale II 
was probably the main key. 
thought they were a good team 
last year, so it's not much that 
they improved, but that they out-
played us," 

Conversely, UCSD's Malone 
has seen some major improve-
ments so far this season over last 
year's 11-14 squad, even with nine 
veterans. "We're more up tempo 
than in the past. We're using a 
transition game for early offense, 
and it gives us every kind of shot. 
Nobody's figured out how to stop 
it yet," she explained. 

Though Assistant Coach Jan 
Martin proclaimed that "We're 
executing in every phase of the 
game," both coaches acknowledge 
that shooting and rebounding are 
their charges' main strengths. 

"Our kids inside are smaller 
than who everybody else has, but 

SALE 
XT-TUR80 
• Monitor 
• Exp. 640K 

Memory 
• Dual Drive 

Controller 
• Printer Port 
• DOS Manual 
• 1-Yr. Warranty IBM $460 COMPATIBLE 
LA JOLLA 

AT-286 
• Monitor 
• Exp. 1 MB 

Memory 
• Dual Drive 

Controller 
• Printer Porr 
• DOS Manual 
• , . Yr. Warranty 

CALL 

454-5544 

they get position, screen out, and 
get the boards," praised Malone 
of her entirely sub-six-foot group 
that has outrebounded every 
opponent so far..:. 

She specifically complimented 
senior Jill Koster, the team's lead-
ing scor~r .llv~raging 14 per ~ame, 
Kathy Fitzgerald, aTunior transfer 
in her first year that Malone says 
will "be a good player once she 
gets into the swing of it again," 
sophomore Bernadette Diepen-
brock (who grabbed 19 boards 
against CMS), and Young. 

The team is shooting a respec-
table 44 percent from the field, 
and Malone expects to see three 
or four players in double figures 
every game, which has been true 
for each contest thus far, Those 
numbers will probably improve , 
with the return of injured shoot-
ers Michelle Leohner (knee sur-
gery), Kathleen Alvarez (quad 
strain), and Shannon Williams 

(s~oulder surgery). On Tuesday, 

Thursday, December I, 1988 13 

Ragatz (18) " -oenig (14), and 
Koster (10) all reached double 
figures. 

This year the Tritons are run-
ningand attacking, and "are play-
ing to win, not like they're afraid 
to lose," decla.red Malone. It's 
paying off in the form of come-
,back wins and victories in close 
games. Their only loss was by two 
points in the season opener. 

Junior Chris Ely maintained 
that "It feels really good to win 
the close ones, something we 
haven't done in the past." 

Ragatz attributed their differ-
ent attitude to "the newcomers 
who have run up the intensitv 
level and challenged for starting 
positions, and the seniors who ~re 
playing every game and practice 
like it's the last of our careers." 

"Our goal isn't to win a certain 
number of games, or to go to the 
playoffs, it's to playas hard -as we' 
can every single game. We've done 
that so far," Malone concluded. 

r -------"ATTENTION--------; 
• • Undergrads, Grads, Professors and International Students • 

: LET US TAKE THE HASSLE : 
: OUT OF RELOCATING! : 

:~ RIGHT WAY ~: 
,(1) 
•• •• 
• 10 CRAnNG - PACKING fill 
- >. I"'" - SHIPPING - ~ 

.U ~I 
• • Best Rates in San Diego. Door·to·Door Service • 
• • • • No Weight Minimum. Insurance Available • 

• • 
• 2401 B Pacific Highway, San Diego CA 92101 .• 
.~ ______ .(61,9l238-0388. ____ . ___ : 

During the Winter Quarter 1989, as part of an innovative new 
educational company called Hyperlearninl, former UCSD Math T.A .. 
Steven Leduc will be offering a tutoring program to parallel the followmg 
UCSD math classes: 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch: 11 :30-2:30 
Dinner: 5:00-9:30 

!7/shoJa 
CUISINE OF INolA 

Reservations 454·6263 
Madtrate Price · All major ad 

cards are accepted. 

Math IA 
Math IB 

Math 2DA 
Math 2EA .... ,Girard Avenue, LaJail (2nd _CIIIfner of Iooftr Girard and St.) 

, 

Math 2A 
Math 2B 
Math 2C 

. , 

Classes will meet at convenient times each week throughout th.e ~uarter, 
including special review sessions before midterm(s) and final. ~s IS a 
complete tutorial program. If you attend an the scheduled JICSIIons, and 
your fJnallrade is noliletter than your previous qua~er's ~alh pde, the 
price of the prolram win be refunded. The cost to register IS based upon 
the date by which you enroll: 

R~,ist~r on or befor~ Dec~mber 31, 1988: SI25 
R~,ist~r qft~r December 31,1988: SI65 
A Note f,om Steve: 

Since I am not yet in the San Diego area, call J?hn 
Smart at Hyperlearning, (619) 646-8273 to regIster, for 
more information, or to suggest another math course 
offering , In addition, you may wish to read my CAPE 
reviews for any of these classes: 
Fall '86: Math 2A - Ledden Fall 'S7: Math 2A - Wavrik 
Fall '86: Math 2A - Duke 
Wtr, '87: Math 28 - Duke Wtr, 'S8: Math2B - ,Haddad 
Spr. '87: Math 2C - Ledden Spr. '88: Math 2F - Ledden 

Also, I can be reached directly at 401 -762-0592 (E.S.T.) 
with any questions. 

This is the last Guardian for 1988. Winter quarter instruction starts 
Wednesday, January 4th. You can make it through your math cla.sses 
next quarter with less pain, frustration, and more real understandiDg 
than you thought possible. Good luck with finals! 

~ [!d]o a c:::::l £==> = 0 £==> c::::l c:::::l c:::=l.<1 c:::=l c::::::zJ 
~O 0 SJIJ=!lf50 aO§l@O 00 0000fjj} 

6986 La Jolla Blvd. Ste. 204, La Jolla, CA 92037 (619)546-8273 

r--2--0--:---0---F--F------------" I "'I l"OR ALL UCSD I, 
'1 10 STUDENTS) FACULTY I, I AND STAFF· I. 
I "EXCLUDING FRI .. SAT., SUN, " HOLIDA YS I 
I PI~Q.J~ pr~s~nI coupon w~n ordlring. I 
I I ~-~--------------------------~-. 

HOLIDAY 
STORAGE SPECIAL 
ALCATRAZ SELF·STORAGE 
5'xS'x8' !UGH .. $19 per month 
5'xl0'x8' !UGH . $33 per month 

'I 1 J 
j 
~ ~ ! ~ 

.... . 
5 

.,.. 

MOof:SSU 

.. 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
452·1047 

• Truck and Trail.r Rentals 
• Box, Moving and Shipping SuPpU .. 



14 Thursday, December 1, 1988 

"'~ ... 
IIAUU .. DIIIADS U2 • 1111 aMI • RIM 
D •• CHlMODI 
.101 SAftIAIII • XTC 

101 •• 110 IGIU.O 

............. 

FEATURES 

A T T E N T I o N 

Muir Graduating Seniors 
Winter Quarter 1989 

Students planning to graduate 
Winter, 1989 should come into 
the Muir Academic advising 

Office H&SS 2126 NOW 
and complete the required 

paperwork 

DEADLINE TO FILE 
for Winter Graduation 

is Friday, January 13, 1989. 

;' 

ImQOfIed by Barton gee<s, lld. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Forum 
Continued from pale 10 
depends on what you learn to 
write how journalism goes in the 
next ten years. 

Jt's a difficult time. Got USA 
Today out there and all t hose tele-
vision satellite channels, every-
body with a dish. These are diffi-
cult times. If you don't come to 
journalism with a fire in the belly, 
then it's going to be a long time 
before journalism even has an 
inkling of what you hope it has. 
-Transcribed by Dennis Woo 

Religion 
Continued from pale 8 

The representative of Islam, 
Yusef Saib, explained the signifi-
cance of the Moslem sacred text, 
the Koran. 

"The Koran ... considers itself 
a universal message," he said, and 
the Koran is the word of God. 

"Mohammed [who wrote the 
Koran] was only a channel," he 
added. 

Saib also explained that Mos-
lems "believe in one god, [and] 
submission to that god. Every-
thing stems from [that idea)." 
Saib also emphasized that the god 
of Islam is solitary, and has no 
son or partner. 

Jewish representative Aran 
Dishon emphasized the role of 
the family in Judaism. "In 
Judaism, clearly the family ·is a 
very important concept ... the 
center of education, the unit in 
which we continue our tradition 
... The family is the way we carry 
on," he said . 

Dishon also noted that Jews 
rarely try to convert others to 
Judaism. This is because he feels 
"we aren't the best religion, we 
aren't the only religion ... " You 
can be a "good human being" 
without being Jewish, he explain-
ed. He then said that "ethical 
monotheism" - the belief in one 

. god - is "all that .we seek in the 
world." 

Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-Day Saints representative 
Jerry Walker explained the 
Mormon beliefthat "we had a life 
before birth - a pre-existence . .. 
[when] we saw our heavenly 
father. " 

Our life on earth, he said, is a 
"time to prepare to meet our 
heavenly father, make decisions 
on our own, and be more like [the 
heavenly father]." 

After death, Walker said, "our 
spirits will not go directly to 
heaven. They will go to a place of 
waiting. There they will hear the 
gospel message ." Our spirit's 
reactions to the message will 
decide where we will spend the 
afterlife - whether we will be in 
the presence of the heavenly father 
or not, he said. 

Protestant representative John 
Riel emphasized the role of Jesus 
Christ in his religion. "Jesus didn't 
say" come and teach the truth' -
he said 'I am the truth, , .. Riel said, 
"Jesus Christ is anve today," he 
said, and added that it is "incredi-
ble" that "thirteen men [Jesus 
Christ and Apostles] influenced 
billions of people." 

Riel also said that "God wants 
us to enjoy the present to the full-
lest," and emphasized that "if 
God didn't live in my heart 1 
would just walk away [from 
religion). .. 

For the most part, participants 
in the forum followed moderator 
Bulkin's exhortation that the 
meeting not be for persuasion of 
others, but instead "a way to 
share our ideas." 

The lack of confrontation and 
discord in the meeting gives hope 
for more interacton between the 
diverse faiths that inhabit UCSD. 

___ C_L_A_~!t! lED S 

Speak Spa"'In. TOIlllmmersmn program Established 
1980 Cuerl'lllvaca Language ScI'lOOl ApdO "' -254 
62430 Cuo",.Yaca, MeXICO (73) 15·46·43 (5/8) 

AI Greet< SkI Trip Pre·Party and mlmmalton rwght' 
No~ , 7 at Plllet'la Uno In PacifIC Beach . 
between Grind and Garnet on MISSIon The festlVlltes 
begin It 7 P m and gotlli closlngI75ebeer, $1 00 PIzza 
alK:ea. Free ski trip draWing at 10 pm For mOle 
""O<lllIbOn call Team GreeK 287-0138 (12 / 1) 

No Greek biowoul Soulh Tahoe SIo Tnpl Fo< all SOSU. 
UCSO and USO fraternities sorOl'I1I8&, and anyone who 
wants to go- Ski Heaventv and KirkwOOd on PreSIdent's 
Weekend. Februa ry 17·20. 1989 $199 003days skiing. 
3 nights todging, lransportatlon, hft tiCkets and rnOft 
cat tor more information and reglstlalion Team Or. 
OIfice 287·0138. (12/1) 

Frltemittei and $ot'OfltteS - Team Greek is here to help 
you! Team Greek Is . sales and promobonal company 
that wants to help you WIIh party lhemes. Innovative 
rulh idMls, and sponsorships We wrtI pnnl ,II your 
shirts, Iumbters, glassware. etc. lOr ,Uyour events. CaH 
U8 287.0138 "Wo speak your I.nguage " (12/1) 

Writers, aniSla, inlmesled In elC:poslOQ your Creatl .... e 
work to UCSO and San Otego? Jom the Publicity 
~ ot KSoT F", more ,nlo COOIae! Monoea al 
534-3873 (1/9) 

San Otego New Bu.mess GUide IS lOOking '01 intems 
(~P) 10 wort< on semlfl8r marl<ollng projects and 
dovetoping readerololp pro/ites CaM L.urene leonard al 
1193-11020 I", more IntO. (121 1) 

Attention .. writers! San Jose MereU!)' Newspaper is 
aooklng for writers. artists and photographers 'Of 8)(Citlng 
summer Internship. Thts IS a well-paid Internship and 
there .'8 earty deadlines! II Interested. come by the A,S. 
l-...nip Office TOOAYI (12/1) 

Nolionoll Christ .. n Stt.<!ent conterence. Doc 28th 10 
Jln. 1 It. lOuil"lllfe KY . Celebrate the New Year WIth 
students from 50 states. IntOfOlahon, Ul'lIted Campus 
Minillry - 4-2521 (12/ 1) 

Restaurant at La Jolla ShOres hmng part-tlrne No 
experience necessary. FleXible hours. free meal, dose 
10 UCSO K""", 454 ·8038. (121 1) 

AI-Cal tickets IiJOIng fastl Trip runs Dec. to-17 and only 
COllI $359. What a dealt! $359 Includes: lin tickets. 
delux. todging, transportation and I" the parties one 
cen handfe in a _ ·s lime. Need more Inlo? Stop by 
RJ.S.C. office 10-2 Man -Fr. right above food co-op In 
at.-n .,.".,. (12/1) 

SUrf THm Mtetlng. Tonoghl. 1211 PH 103. 7pm Find 
OUl lbouo IHm Iodder and your slandong. (12/1) 

Win I tree clke! Come 10 the cake Walk Frldav al noon 
on Re_ Plaza. (12/1) 

Roomllll,. """es? Wanl lO study 1a10? The H L South 
Study :'1:x>m wit! remain open until 3 a.m. unt~ Friday 
Doc. 9111. (12 / 1) 

Fill women IMV lacrosse UCSO women's lacrosse 
htff _ Jon, 6·13 queSlions Tra<:y 558·7438. (1 / 9) 

Re_ Semi· Formal "A Noghl in P.radi .... " 1/2 1/ 89 
I1L1 JaIl Marno<. Mo<e detaIls 181er .. (12/1) 

Holiday basket raffle, wonh over SSO! $1 gets you 3 
chancea loMoij (1211 ) 

UCSO's Msi profeSSIonal buSInesS Iralemrty (co-ad) WIll 
be f'lefe WInter quartet' Interested? L()C)I( for Info tables 
on the ptaza I~st week. (12 / 1 ) 

HoIldly Fai,. is Fnday 12 / 1. 12· , pm al Revelle Plaza 
00 your Christmas sfloppong early (1211) 

Allenlion Golden Key Members T.l<e a break before 
Pinalsl Come lOin your feHow members tOl' aM you can eal 
free plUI and dnnks at Mr G 's PIlla on Wednesday. 
November 30th at 6.30 p m If you need a nde, can give 
8 Mete. or have any questions, call Ene ftl 558·7057 
(12/1) 

Freet Non -denominational Bible COflespondence 
Couose 747-4155 Bo.27393GEsc CA92027 (12/1) 

UCSO LACAOSSE TONIGHTI' UCSo YS San Diego 
Slale 8 p m at SOSU-S Azlee Bowl ("Fan Appreclallon 
Nrte· free "refreshments" and recepllon aMer game) 
(12 /1 ) 

I 
BulImic 'IOIunteers tor rese.fch on pefCepMOS of self, 
"''''''0. 18-30 AecOlve "0 Cal oendr • . 435-0280 
(1211) 

HOliday JoDI! WOfk w / lfOf.er revetl. lhe group thai beel 
me ","urlnce lnoustry w/ P,op 103 Http contlnueme 
fignt'Of con,umer justlCI Gain valuatN p:~jl, pad VOUf' 
Willet. pod your rO.ume Elm S225·350lwfo CaM 2 9-
0540. (12/1) 

Help!! I _ I _ 10 MoImm"'" Soturooy. Dec __ 
11th ... MIP pey 10< gil Cal 558-$022 . .... too u... 
(1211) 

Help Wanted $9 75 518mno rile National retail chain 
"".20 opo'"ngs Ca. 565-15339.3 pm (12/1) 

STUDENTS! Make S200 In one minute Do you know 
someone Shopptng IOf 8 new car? Tell rne and earn 
S200 upon llle W. can set! Of lease any make or 
model Calloday Tim AIMery. SI.-ol Sales Repr~­
lab"" Goneral AUIO 01 Sen DIego 558·8109 (1211) 

Energebc students to work .t local ntgnlCkJb Greal 
monty. IUn! Mull be 21 297·4850 (l2l1) 

Now hiring Plua deil'Yety dnYefS You need a valid Ca 
d,."",,'s itcenM. I gOOd ClnlAng record and goocI 
references Round Ta~ PtUI 3250 Governor Of 
Un_lily Coty 457·2334 (1211) 

Roommate Wlnlect. one blOCk from beach "" I F 10 share 
3 bedroom hoUse $325 .ut_ 259·5513 (12 / 1) 
Wanteo Secrelaryl Law Clerk - good tYPing skINs 
reqUlreCl No experience necessary La Jolla ShOfes. 
$4 50 / hr sta~ Call 459·411 8. (21/1) 

'unlted campus MtnIStr)! - looking 10( Studel'llinferns 
Must be at least 41h Quaner sh.ldent & a member d 
SUpporting DenomInatIOnS - stipend $625 per hour 
Application deadline. Dec 15th, available at Campus 
Mlnlslry OffIce. Student Canter Bldg "B," (12/ 1) 

Wanl to trade Ralph 's ~ytng c arets (Ihal grocery 
sweepslake, game)? Call Theodore al 558-0942' 
(1211) 

Restaurant al La Jolla Shores hmng part-lune. No 
e)(pen8nCe necessary AelCltMe flOurS, Iree mea!. clOse 
10 UCSO Kovln454-8038. (!2/1) 

Balltmore Bagel Co to La Jolla needs part and lui time 
counter persons FIeXlbte hours, no expenence ne-
ceSSIIry. Work for a company tNt caras about its 
peopte CaM Andrew 0< Joe 456-0716 10< inlervlew 
7523 Fay Avenue. neao SOI ..... y (1211) 

Tutoring· A proven method towards bettef grades. AI . 
SUbtecls Reasonable rites. Infol Appe., ca. Jennifer 
755·2669. (1/ 12) 

Studenl typing. Fast and ethcienl IBM w / laser printer 
S2.00/ oS pege .. lnput·(Mput (Mora Mesa) 530-0470. 
(12/1) 

Typing/word proc8SSlng-low COIl Term papers, theses. 
resumes. Htgh quality taser printing Nadine 578 -0496. 
(1211) 

Word Processlng/Typong • IBM Maclnloolo systems. 
APAava~able - rush jobs ~ Blwke 5ecretlrial-
Cta"emonI274·8305 (12 / 1) 

V.CR.. STEREO r~ir. Free esbmate&! Next to veSC. 
Weekends OKI Call: Computix 535·0930. ((2 / 1) 

COMPj,JTEA REPAIR, "Wading PC & MacontoSll. Low 
rates. free estlfnates, 100 day warranty. Nexllo ucsa 
WeekendS OK! CaIt. COm"",ix 535·0930. (12 / 1) 

Fraternities and sororities - Team Greek IS here to help 
you! Team Greek IS a sales and promottonal company 
that wants to help you with party lnemes, innovatlve 
rush ideas, aOCl sponsorshipS. We win print an your 
shirt!. tu~er., glassware, etc. fO( II your events, Call 
us 287·0138. "We Spoilt yO<.< Llnguage: (12/ 1) 

Need book pusliohod? Prostogoou8 smaH press pu_ 
handsome books. ReViews an N V Times, etc 457· 
1399. (l2/1) 

Ksors MObile OJs Mve Ille equipmenlalld axpenence 
vou need to make your party successl S 125 on-<:ampus 
ergs/Sl 7S all others. 2 OJs and up to 5 hours of muSK: 
For more into ca.: 534-3673. (1/9) 

Ca~ulus "nick! Klmlkaze tulOfing program lor Malh 
lA-C. 2A-EA. See 'Hyperlearnlng" ad in lhis ISSue. 
(12/ 1) 

Word Processing Services. Professional Quality • 
_,onable Aotes. Can LIsa 566-9096 (OI/OflIngS). 
(121t ) 

Word Processing. Sludent AliOS. 7 days a _ . 
Excelenl English Skils. 755-2683 (12/ 1) 

I I 
Beautiful large oak table good for desk Of dining $<tO, 
tWin bed set. frame and board S30 Ask for Pauta al 
455· 9515, rHase leave a message Must ~I betOfe 
vacatlon

' 
(12/1) 

See and elCptrience Vl1glOia l SeIlIng my AT IIcket (IY 
12 / 12 . ~rn 12/2 1) S210 / 0b0. Huan.538· 1165. (12/1) 

GTE answering mach,ne/ telephone Memory dIll. 
beeperloss remole Never used New 120 00. sal 65 00. 
558·2087 (l2l1 ) 

All-Cal T~kelS QOIng laSln Tnp runs Dec 10-17 anet 
only costs $359 What a deal~ $359 Includes 11ft IIckets. 
deluxe lOdging, transporahon and all the parties one can 
handk!l In a week" lime Need more Into? Slop by 
A I S C otflce 10-2 Men -Ff! righl abOve fOOd co·op In 
Studenl Canler (121t) 

8eetrontes GaIOfe!l! LOOking for qUIck sale on stereos. 
Wllkmans, PI'lOnaI, VCA'I , TV' s, answenng machtnes. 
anet more All brand new In bol( CaM now before X-mas 
ruSll558·2087. (12/1) 

1975 SAIIB. muSl setl Now SlIver pelnt. new baHery 
Cassene ExceUenllrlnsportauon $ 1300 0 b 0 ASk lOf 
Martone 558-6001 

1976 SAAB, must sell Sunroof. amlfm. great engtne, 
welt maintained no denls. $1300 catherine, 452 -3991 

FOf sale NtntendO wI super MarIO Sros. StIli 10 box. $75. 
792·9128 (12/1) 

Honda Aero-50 1985 El(cetlent condition Perfect for 
scnOOI Covet. helmellncluded B«aCk/red $4tOO/ obo 
Call 455· I 583p m.1 or weefcends Leave mess , WI. call 
back. (12 /1) 

IBM -XT compalliHe. 6401(,10 meg !'\arddISk. modem, 
software. nearty new, onfy S800 00. contact Paul 32506, 
35592 (12/1) 

ElectroniCS Galorel !! LOOk.ng tOf qUICk sale on stereos, 
walkmans, phOnes, VCA's. TV's. answering machines. 
and more All brand new In box- CaU now befOfe X·mas 
ruSh 558-2087. (l2/1) 

76 SAAB 99GL wett maintained, sunroof. runs greall 
New battery. sla~er . e1c 1021(, must sell. Sl 500/besl 
Calhorlne. 452·3991 (2111) 

The Ultimate ~ack Book contains the only 400 'e&e-
phone numbers nee<Jed to get practICally an)' Iflforma· 
lion wanted. Public policy consutlant wtlh 20 vears 
experience has compressed a VN'1ualllbrlry s worth at 
sources 1010 a COrtVefWtnt package fOf delle: or back-
paCk Phone numbers 01 institutions, buslr'less, and 
mlvtduals categoflzed Into 34 subttcts and IOCJexecJ by 
more than 750 key words. Easy to use, lun 10 have Most 
original gift tt.s hotiday season. Special UCSD price at 
$3.95 good November only. Includes posllQ8. lOx, 
handfing Ind money bacto glllranlee. Send chock (or 
provido Visa / Me info) 10 Ken Harns. 4825 Blrslow 
Street. Son DIego 9211 7 (619/278·3554). (1211) 

For Sole: 81 Honda Passport scooter Custom sMepsIon 
saatcover. k)cked bo)( on back, basket ontront. 60 miNts 
per gallon. Goes 50 mph. IUI11unod up WIth now perts. 
Groot _'. 550 00 abo KIm ClaI1< 558·2404. (12/1) 

14K GOld Jewe4ry • Earrings, rings, chains. Incredl~ 
poees IUlt in bme for the hOlidays The only way 10 get 
"'- prices is 10 ","1 It. Cal Bryan 558·9034 (21/1) 

Memury Ma<cuis. 1979. V-8. 66K mites. Im/lm casselle. 
runs grea~ S950 / bost oller (1211) 

Must lei by wonler break. 1975 SAAB. Xlnt r"""'"ll & 
eXlerior condition New paint sifver New banery. ASkIng 
Sl500 abo Call M.rlene 558-6001 (12 / 1) 

Honda spree '86 8Kcellenl Condit ion, 1,000+ mites 
S270: cln TIm 455·8799 eyenongs best. (l2 / 1) 

'77 VW Aabt>1W"h .unrool. 96t0. 51.300. Greal car Call 
Kelley. 587· 1430 (12 / 1) 

1979 Yamaha oT 250 motorcycte Excoltenl condol,on 
1275. c.1I45O.o739 (1 / 4) 

Bike - 1988red/ whlte 19" frame Cenlunon Accordors 
Grelt condition, SlOO or best GNer. Sold wI pump & 
... , co_ Call Nicble al 456·9303 (12/8) 

Mazda 626, 1979, 5-speed, air condltlOOlng. engine in 
great condition S1200/best offer Must se«. moving to 
NY. 534.()()16 (day,). (l2l1) 

SUrfboard - Kunny thruster, Kin ... $1801 Wetsult , luH. 
Ig • • Int . $60. call 558-6649. (l2 / 1) 

One roundlnp hcke1. Son Jose Dec 24th AosSlgnot FP 
COmp SIllS. now b o. Jell 556·6323 ( 1211) 

Slack leltner motOfCYCIe laCk&(, SIZe 40 $ 1 00 o.b 0 
PerfOCl Chnstmas goft Cau Robert. 483-7014. (1211) 

Volvo 164E 4 dr, ps, • sp/ overdnve. new MlChehnS 
Must sett. $2.000 Nancy 558·2089 (12 / 1) 

One way Sacramento 10 San Dteoo Wed Jan 4 For 
delalls Nancy 558·2089. (12/1) 

19" AC" color TV 5 100 Magnavo. CO Player S 120. SkI 
boots. SI8 27~2045 (12 / 1) 

Women's ski boots, Size 8~ Sotomon SX91 , used once 
PerfOCl COndIloon. S 1 75 0 b 0 Unda 259-8998. (12/8) 

-------------------, 

H A. I R DESIGN 

1t(!S'Z) S/Ud4U 
$10 

PRECISION CUTS 
Inc)udes shampoo. condilion. b) ow dry. 

Women Reg. $18. Men Reg. $14. 

HISHLIGHTINS $30 
Foil weaving. Reg. $45 & up. 

I 
I 
I , 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

PERM & CUT $35 I i 
737 Pearl ST. 1#103 La Jolla Reg. $60 & up. I 

(Behind Dick's Liquor. I ' 
1 block from Fay Ave.) ACRYLICS $25 I 

4S8-1170 Reg. $50. I 
Firat time client. only. Long hair I 

Ixtra. Expirl. tit 189 FILLS $12 Reg. $20. I 
.------~------------------_I 

Last caH, lowest pnce' 100 sees from Clmpus by blkef 
Beautlfullafge master bedt'm. w/ balh. $4001 monthl NICe 
hOusew/ 3othorstudenis 546·8273 (12/1) 

Roommate wanted ' S230/ month. walking dIstance 10 
school (on Genessee) tOclUCIes furniture. garage laun-
dry. cal W.rren 558·1275 (12/1) 

Female non-smoker roommate neeoed to share Mira 
Mesa hOme Own room. washer and Ofyet S3OO / mo 
t t I' utlhtles Oose tocamous If IOtersstBd, jlH!ase cat! 
Rowena 566-5676 (12/5) 

Wlnaansea, temale. 2 bedroom 1 bath. Utilities, gafage. 
lIundryonctuded. S450/ monlh.Doc 1459-5105 (1211) 

Del Mar house -~ ~ar HIs . $400+\4 UhI,oceanvtew, 
call Mark 792·9913 (1/ 4 ) 

Fun female roommates wanted 10 share fun house In 
carmel Del Mar S350 own room, $225 share room 
BaSIS hskplf'lg Inc .• w&ct c)ShWISh" 2 car garage, etc. 

At~son 792· 1132 (1211) 

Room for rent, female roommate wanted. own roam, 
prlyale balh. S4OO/ mo Call 558-6293 a"", 6 pm 
(1211) 

Room lor Renl - $350. mOOern cozy, clean condo-
mnlum Own bathroom! W/ O bed, IVIHlbie I"IOW Two 
steps form UCSO Medical Cenler Free campus shutt\e 
overy ~ hour. Phone Jason 01 295·2024 (1211) 

Own room. UnoyerSlly Coty. laundry. pool. quoet environ-
ment $300/ """,h.\4 UIIlrtlOS. 452-0457 (1211) 

Stogie room In house nghe across me street from 
ReyeIe! Female studenl. 275/ mo. Call 452·3991 . (12/1) 

Female rom mate wanted for winte.. quarter onIyt SingM: 
room In Genessee Hignllnds Condo FlKrMShed, wid 
1 ~ baths. S245 / month +' I' utilities. call Dana. DaWOOl' 
WendY. 558-1964 (1211) 

Male roommate wanled, non-smoker. 10 snare 2 br, 2 ba 
apartment 5 mm. fr. campus. S250/ month t il' tAllltles 
"vaiable now COmpte. haS pooI / apI, sauna, secunty. 
rrncrowave, efC VICtOl' or Alben, .50-6456. (1 2/ 1) 

UniverSity CIty -neaf Vons S95O.3br, 1 ~ bath, 12OOsl, 
one car garage. washer/ dry etc Very nice & clean 
CondOminium, e);cetlent tOf 3-4 studenls Pets 0 II • &&6-
9059 (121t) 

Male or tema~ foommile wanted. Own room La JoHa 
Colony condo 1looI, w&d. OIr., ClbIe, dllhWlsrter. 
e1c S375/mouU. lnc I'IlonoBrianst546·8159 (12/1) 

Aoommatewanled ~·'Ai uti. Own,oom Itl Governor· 
Gene_ hOuse Call TaShi. 457·4319 (12/1) 

Share quiet. clean.hou$e Wlth a writer. a btOIogest. lnd I 
grid studenl bH Sopl 1st I", S233 We welcome 
IOltfestlng, creative and motlvaled peopMt 5.'-2073 
Mar1t(12/1) 

MI F own room, IoMer house nelr Wind n' Sea. POOl, 
laundry. rir~ace, ping-pong, cool roomrnltes, elSY· 
goong serious students. 5285.00 . .-someone ASAP 
No kOOkS pie .... 459·31 97 (12 / 1) 

FOUND SetkO watch. Found 11 / 16 near MUtt Pa riung 
Lot Iden1lfy 10 claIm Call BOI>. 534-8164 (21 11) 

All-Cal Tickets gOing fast!! Tnp runs Dec 10-17 and 
only costs 5359 What a dealll S359 includes hh 
tIckets. deluxe lodging, transportation and all the 
partIes one c an handle in a week's hme Need more 
Info? Slop by A.I S C.oftlce 10-2 Man -Fri.nght above 
food co-op In Student Center ( 12 / 1) 

Thursday. December /. /988 15 

" " Gretlo BIowou1 South T.""" SIo Tnp! F", II SOSU. 
UCSO anCl usa frl1ernrtles sororities. and lIl'Iyone who 
wanlS 10 00 $(1 Heavenly end Ktrt(WOOd on President's 
Weekend February 17·20. 1989 Sl99,OO - 3 days 
Sk.llng, 3 rwghts kldging, IranSpor1ahon. 11ft tickets and 
more Gall fO( more Informahon and regtshallon Team 
Greek Ottlce. 287·0318, (1211) 

Aoomml1e sno<OS? WlniiO l1udy IoIe?The H.L Soulh 
Quay Room WlH rem8Jn CX)tn unloo 3 a.m. until FOOa), 
Dec 9th (12 / 1) 

AII ·CaI TlckOIS goong lasI'! Trip runs Doc lG-l1.nd 
only c osts S359. Whit a deal" S359 Inc1udM: lift bckets. 
deMe Iodgtng. lransportallon and II 1Ile pertoes one 
can handle on I _ ·olJrno _ more infO? Slop by 
A.I S C. oIIoce 10·2 Man ·Fn nghl aboVe lOOd co-op on 
stUdenl cent ... , (12/1) 

It Isn', about vomiting It rsn t I bOut peI1ecoon. Bulima IS 
a Inggered response Bullmta IS a tnggered eXPfesaton 
illS a final response to tMHng unabte to cope ~ express 
reststance to a gtven area, panerned Inro the IUbcon-
SCKXJS. generally II an earty age The supet'consoous 
has lhe Ques1IQnS and ft'Ie answers, It!s the doorway 10 
Ylfaldy and heatth Try EVEAYTHINGI Then como and 
leam 10 IOYO yoursett while gelling ,,"_toy IgIIln. 
$peclaliljng In Women's Issl.JJI!J5, Patneil Hughes, 519-
436·0465. psychic counseling. rogrHSion Ih .... py, 
spmtual sludoes. "'o readings (12 / 1) 

Sl:ave ludec's back" Master yourmathd .... lnlQrvti· 
cenlly. See " Hypert .. ""ng" ad __ 0 this is8ue 
(12 / 1) 

Dear JOM. CIMy'S sptndll'O the ntgI'It dunng finats 
week. I guess you need 10 study in lhe H L SouII1 SIudy 
Aoom which IS open unt~ 3. m Ihrough Friday Doc. 9th. 
(l2 / 1) 

Hey Pat. meet me In H L s SoUth Study Room IOf I little 
1010 noghl srudyong "·s open I~ 3 I.m. ul'(i Doc. 9 
C-U·There. baby loye. LA. {l2Il) 

8 C . brIng lhe wok and your ma_ ~ ..,h 
mlrbles after-tag. the bizarre blonde. (12/1) 

.... r COmmulers. Sl an you can til Dr_ut on the 
Mu" Cale. Man Dec 5 (1211) 

usa H. I'va only known you for a short lime, but I find you 
e"romoly kind, conng. and aHracti"" love, J. ( 121 I) 

Dear Jonn. Clndy's spending the ~ during hnlls 
weetc. 1 guess you need 10 study In lhe H.L SotAtI Study 
Room which IS open unlil 3 a.m. lhrough Friday Doc. 9!11. 
(12/ 1) 

Hey Pal. moel me In H.L·s South Study Room I", a tit1Ie 
1o1e nlghl studyong. tt's open I. 3 I .m. until Doc. 9, 
C·U-there baby love. LA. (12/1) 

Bitches - Only 1 more week and then it's oYer. HMo In 
mere! GOOd luck on your finals and Merry Christmas!" 
L"", Juf>e 

Fnlder - GOOd luck on NYI Wo'D milS you. Hope you 
don't freeze any toe~es. Don' fOfget to write. - your 
neighbors 

Carey - I c an'1 wait for the Sk.I trip, You',. goona eat 
my dust (snow) and then we11 kamakazee the night 
away. - J 

The Guardian Needs: 
• A Copy Reader 
• Production Workers 

Contact Lara or Leesa at 
the Guardian at 534-6~80. 

t • 



i 

1M flAG FOOTBALL 
PLAYOFF RESULTS 

MEN'S AA 
Tijana Vice 21, ZIT 14 

MEN'S A 
The Meat 1 J, festllilll BItt Warts 7 

COEDAA 
Liblrau's Deep Threat 33, Pi On O.r face 18 

COED A 
U Aint Nobody 19, Old lang Hair 18 

WOMEN'S 
Get Wet & Go _21, OIr hds Are Tight 14 

1M Volleyball takes center stage! 
Wowl when you thought volleyball MOIOn would never end, bingo! Up papa the Intramural Volleyball 

Championship Play-off,1 'Nhat wew been woltlngfor all along ••• The UCSDWomen', championship team did a wtlolelofforthe aport on our 
campus afew-u bock, but let', tacell,lhey'reonlya part 01 the volleyball machine that rolls uncontToIled at UCSDon a w.eldybaal' ••• 1M 
Volleyball with III 13O-p1u. men·sandwomen·,leam.ar. now ready to lake cent. stage and pound It out for the right 10 hold up THEIR Index linger' 
for the next 12 months, WIth exactty 70 team, qualifying for the championships thl. week. the gyn-•• will be III up with energy andlntenalty each 
night ••• Play-off acllon In each 01 flw. divisions will be up 10 their ear lobes In competition with the Men', AM. flnall'" having been decided 
last night ••• Quarterfinal and semifinal matches will be played In each of the other d/vlllon, (Men·.Mand A. Women" MandA) beginning 
this _nlng In the campus gyms as early as 7:15 pm ••• Championship Sunday lakes place Dec • • th with the following schedule 01 
champlon,hlp match.s, all In th. Main Gym: WOMEN'S A 4:00 pm; WOMEN'S M 5:00 pm; MEN'S A 6:00 pm; MEN'S M 7:00 pm; MEN'S AM 8:00 
pm ••• look below, to see our feart ... prognosticator, Mr, Pound-II·Down himself, Phileas T, ~_, and his own thoughts on haw II will all 
come out. 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 11111111111111111111111111 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 

The Bud Pounders 1M Volleyball 
Play-Off Preview 

MEN'S UA 
1 WHO'S THE BADDEST 15-3 
2 THE JOY OF SETS 13-5 

Odd. to win 
1·1 
6-1 

3 SUPERWHAlES MEET THE NOlO 13-5 
4 WIZARDS OF WAZ 12-6 

6· 1 
15-1 

Oyerylew: As always, the Scott Criswell contingent Will be beggong all 
comers to kick theIr proverbIal you-know-whats And agaIn, It probabl 
won't happen. Lau, Hudson, and Mllier are seasoned varSIty veterans t 
love to dominate on the 30x30 hardwood. Throw In a Crt swell, a T 
Carmen, and all-of-a-sudden, there you have it Magic ingredients 
another tItle. ludM.n'. Pick: Who'. Til, .lddl.1. 
MEN'S AU 
1. SHOULD BE ONE·A 2t -O 
2. PHA-Q 20·1 
3 OUR DIGS COME UP 19-2 
4 TOP TO BOTTOM 19-2 
5. SINEP LOVES ANIGAV 18-3 
6 YABBA DABBA DO 18-3 
7. LATKA'S POLKA MASTERS 16-5 
8 FLOORBOARD DESTROYERS 16-5 

5-2 
5·2 
4-1 
5-1 
8-1 
10-1 
12-1 
15-1 

Overylew: Should Be One -A loved up to thell name this season and was 
the only team on all of Men's Volleyball to go through their season unbeaten. 
Steve Olsen 's crew appears to have it all, but they'll be hard pressed to 
upend Greg Scott's PHA-Q spikers who have been to the championship too 
many times to count. ludMln·. Pick: PHA-O. 
MEN'S A Odd. to win 
1. BALL BUSTERS 18-3 
2 WEAKER THAN DEATH 17-4 
3. WONTON'S ON ACID 17-4 
4. TUNISIAN B TEAM 15·3 
5. SPHINCTER'S MUSCLES 13-2 
6. YOUR MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME 18-3 

3-1 
7-2 
9-2 
5-t 
8-1 
t 0-1 
12-1 
15·1 

7. TEAM SAN MIGUEL 12-3 
8 FOUR TOUCHES 17-4 
OYlrvlew: The kISS of death on any Men's A Championship is to be rated 
as the odds-on favorite to win, whay? Because It never happens. In this 
mixed bag bunch, anythIng can happen and ~sually does. Usually, a field 
team (someone like Pound It Harder) comes out 01 the pack to clean up 
ThiS year we're goong with a cocky group who have pretty much taken care 
01 bUSiness thIS season and think they're pretty hot ... that's Wonton 's On 
ACid In case you're keepong track Ricky Lau and right Side blocker 
supreme Ouang Nguyen lead a qUick attack tha t they think Will be hard to 
stop Careful, now guys, these Bud Pages have a way of finding other 
team's bulletin boards. I ... Mln·. Pick: Wonton'. 011 Acid. 

BudMan's Fearless Floor Hockey 
PLAYOFF PREDICTION 

TI.mlllc. Odd. Comment. 
COED lAA 
1. Hockey Butt Rammers 5-0 2-5 Bet the Ranch 
2, Old But Slow 4-1 10-1 Could surprise 
3. Arul Dude! 2-2-1 50-1 Pop-offs better 
4. MPU 2-2-1 51-1 Have a nice day 
COED U 
1 Boobs / Picklesweat 4·0-1 2-1 Never to play AA 
2 Eat Yellow Snow (RISC) 5-0 5-1 Enough 'AAA' I 
3 Puckong Drabos 4· 1 6-1 Lost to Boobs by 1 
4 Raoul on the Corner 5-0 13-1 'A' team moves up 
5. Post COital Camels 3-0-2 15-1 Humpers can play hard 
COED A 
1 Hont of Musk 4-0-1 5-3 Poor goalkeeping is only weakness 
2. One For Hatrack 5-0 2- t A won would finally force baggers to 'AA' 
3 Ichlban 3-2 5-2 Playoffs are not Ichlban's forte 
4 Fkash It 3-1- t to- l Go ahead , I've got my magnifYing glass 
5 Catha rSIS 3·1-1 25·1 BudMan 's favorites Great attitude I 

WOMEN'SU 
1 OPEN WIDE AND SAY AAAAHI20-1 
2. DAVE IS DEAD 20-1 
3. TAKE A HIT 11-1 
4 BUMP, SEl DAMMIT 1116·5 
5. SPIKE OR SWALLOW 16-5 

Odd. to win 
9·5 
2-1 
15·1 
20-1 
10-1 

Overvllw: This final should be a beauty, and we're talking good volleyball 
here also. Dave Is Dead has the big names (Stacie Sasaki and Nicky 
Dagenais) , but Karen Loper and her S-crew of Sheila, Stacy, Stacie and 
Shelly w ill give Open Wide every chance in the world to win it. ThiS one may 
go to third game and overtime belore It'S decided. In fact , it will .. the 
BudMan has spoken. No ,Ick II.t .... 
WOMEN'S A 
1. GRATEFUL MED t9-2 
2. YAVO BETHERE 14· t 
3. U W UP THE BUTT 13-2 
4. SOOEY! 12-0 
5. STOP, DROP AND ROLL 12-3 

Odd. to win 
3-1 
9-2 
5-1 . 
7-1 
10-1 

Overview; Here's a prediction ... none of the favorites will win this div-
ISion. Who will is anybody's guess. Grateful Med looks solid on paper but 
that's about the only place. Therelore, let' s go out on a 11mb pick. 
ludMln'. Pick: I. Yo Fie •. 

Our 1M football season came to a glorious end last 
week, but this year football fans witnessed the first ever 
"Lady Bowl." This match-up saw two of the best female 
quarterbacks here at UCSD, but it was GET WET AND 
GO DEEP led by the strong arm of Caroline Hoffman 
who defeated OUR ENDS ARE TIGHT by a score of 
27-14, 

Well sports fans , good luck on finals and I hope you all 
have a great holiday! Congratutlations Get Wet and Go 
Deep, THIS BUD'S FOR YOU! 

Photo by All Sldlghl.n 

: 
I 
't: 

i 
11 
• 8 
'I 
f 

I 
r 
.. 

1: 
• i 
~ 
• & 
• 
.! 

I 
J 

hen the song 
"Crash" started 
getting heavy 
radio ai rplay 
earlier this year. 

many Americans wondered if the 
GoGos were staging a comeback. 
However, back in England, the 
Primitives had already proved that 
this was no revival band , but a 
new rock and roll sensation, 

The Primitives, from Coventry, 
England, have taken their own 
country by storm. With their faces 
appearing on the most respected 
music magazine covers, and several 
singles topping the independent 
charts, lead singer Tracey Tracey, 
guitarist Paul Cort, bassist Steve 
Dullghan , and drummer Tig 
Williams are quickly under-
standing the definition of success. 

Earlier this summer, petite, sexy 
lead singer Tracey Tracey spoke 
candidly with the Guardum pool-

~ide at her Hollywood hotel. 
Guardian: How would you des-
cribe the Primitives? 
Tracey: The band is a fresh and 
exciting pop band, It's a real band 

, that plays the instruments. We 
write all the songs. We're just a 
real sort of traditional band and 
we make pop music. 
G: How did the band start? And 
what are you doing now? 
T: I'd come back from Australia 
and I saw an ad in a local library 
which said, "Primitives wanta male 
singer." It listed some influences: 
Iggyand the Stooges and the Velvet 
Underground. I found the manager 
and then I went along for the audi-
tion, I got the part. 

Then we released four 10-
dependent singles, which all did 
very very well. They were all 
number ones in the independent 
charts , We were looking for a 

by larry weintraub 
mwic editor 

major company, _there were quite 
a few that were interested in us 
about a year ago. We chose RCA, 
basically because they literally gave . 
us some money and let us get on 
with what we wanted to do, There 
was no, "we should do it like 
this;" or "we should sound like 
this," it was just "get in there and 
do it." 

T hen we released "Crash." 
[It was a] number one hit in 
Britain. Now we're doing a lot of 
promotion. 
G: You have been compared a lot 
to other bands including the 
GoGos . Do you derive the 
Primitive's sound from any parti-
cul"r bands or influences? 
T: It's only since I've come to 
America that I've heard people 
saying the GoGos. We listen to a 
lot of music. We listen to a lot of 
'60s bands like Velvet Under-
ground, the Seeds, we also listen 
to R.E.M., Triffids, Go-Betweens, 
there's just so many bands which 
we all like, 

But we don 't go out of our way 
to go in the studio and say, "right 
- sound like this," it just happens. 
Obviously if you've been brought 
up around the '60s, some sort of 
influence is going to rub off on 
you. 
G: Was recording your album 
Lovely a good experience? 
T: [Lovely] was originally sup-
posed to be released as an inde-
pendent album, so it had been 
lying around for a very long time . 
We went into the studio and 
decided to remix a few of the 
tracks , and then release it on 
RCA. It was quite a long process, 
but we 're quite atisfied with it 
now, 

G: How has the press treated you? 
T: When we first started out. we 
used to collect every bit that was 
written about us , good or bad; it 

was mainly good. The press has 
been very good with us, however, 
it's inevitable that a backlash will 
come along from the British press; 
that's the way they work. But you 
don't take any notice of that. I 
mean, I don 't collect anything 
now. I don't even take any notice 
of it. 
G: What does success mean to the 
Primitives? What goals do you 
still have? 
T: We'd like a number one [sin-
gle] in America, and a number one 
album. We just sort of take each , 
step as it comes. We sort of aim for 
gold and we normally do get it; 
well, we have so far , 

Yah , we want to play big 
stadiums, big venues, we want to 
have a good record-selling market; 
all the things the other bands -
want. The main thing we've got, 
first, is that we 're still enjoying it. 
G: What do you think ot the cur-
rent American music trends? Do 
you like what American bands are 
putting out? 
T: I haven't really seen that much. 
I've been herea week and I haven't 
really had the chance to SOrt of 
listen to the radio or watch TV, 
So, it's pretty hard to say. 

1 know wnen 1 was 10 englana I 
got the impreSSion it was all sort of 
Bon Jovi and Van Halen, a bit 
more rocky. But there is a lot of 
English influences coming over 
which is quite good, 
G: Finally, if you could say any-
thing to the American people on 
behalf of the Primitives, what 
would it be? 
T: I'd say to an y people who want 
to get into a band in America, just 
to go ahead and do it, Don't take 
any notice of what anybody says .. 
Just get out there and do it. And 
we all hope that they enjoy Lovely 
and we'll be out there ><>on. 



Spirits of St. Germain 

Christmas 
Is Coming! 

Custom Gift Baskets by Carolyn 
imported candles, truffles, gourmet foods, specialty 
gifts. Wine,' beer, liquor . . . your selection or ours. 
10% discountfor Corporate and business accounts 

on orders placed by December 8. 

COME SEE OUR SAMPLE BASKETS TODAY, 
or call Carolyn for an appointment. Local 

delivery, mail, and UPS available. 

ININE. BEER, lIQUOR • CARDS. GIRS, GOURMET 
FOODS. LOTTO . MOVIE RENTALS. BUD'S ICE CREAM 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
off Villa La Jolla Dr. 455-1414 

PROFESSORS, END' 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNK()I$ PROFESSOR PUBUSHING SERVICE 
Give your students an a lternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'll 
tum your loose course materials Into bound class readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR StUDENTS 
OUR REP WIll HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIAlS 
OVERNIGHT ORDERS ACCEPTED 
FREE PICK UP AND DELNERY 
OPEN WEEKENDS 
24 HOW DllKTOP _' .... 

Let Us Do T~e Chasing While You Do The Teaching 

, kinko's· 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 • OPEN 24 HOURS 

WINTER 
VACATION 
JOBS 

Want a holiday job 
that's fun, exciting 

and important? 

Earn $18S-$285/week • Work 3·10 
pm • Public Education/Fundraising on 

Toxic and Pesticide Use Reduction 

CALPIRG 
California Public Interest Research Group 

279-5553 Ask tor Ellie 
Call Soon and Beat tile Holiday Bu.II! 

mAKinG 

W 

• A Joan Mitchell retrospec-
tive exhibition will be on display 
at the La Jolla Mweum of 
Contemporary Art from Dec. 
3 through Jan. 29, 1989. The 
exhibit will feature large-scale 
paintings that span the artist's 
career from 1951 to the present. 
LJMCA is located at 700 Pros-
pect Street in La Jolla. For more 
information. call 454-3541 . 

• The UCSD Grove Gallery 
will exhibit a photographic series 
called "Raua," showing the cus-
toms of a culture which is 
rapidly being absorbed into 
modern Arabia . The exhibit will 
be on view from Dec. 6 through 
Jan. 7. A reception will be held 
from 6 to 8 p.m. on Dec. 9 fol-
lowed by an hour-long slide 
presentation by Sant of the Bedu 
shepherds and their culture. 

• New York-based artist Mac 
Adams will present an informal 
gallery walk-through of his cur-
rent exhibition at the La Jolla 
Mweum of Contemporary 
Art on Saturday, Dec. 11 at 11 
a.m. LJMCA is located at 700 
Prospect Street in La Jolla. 
Museum hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 
5 p.m. The museum is closed on 
Monday and open on Wednes-
day until 9 p.m. Admission is $3 
for adults. $1 for students and 
senior citizens. and free to the 
public on Wednesday from 5 
p.m. to 9 p.m. 

• The La Jolla Chamber 
Music Society will present I 
Solini Veneti on Saturday. 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut. shampoo. 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

v f 
Dec. 10 at the Sherwood Aud':-
itorium. Tickets are $22 and 
can be charged by phone at 
459-3728. 

• TI,e Belly Up offers holiday 
entertainment, including the 
Ginser Baker Band fe~~ing 
TIm Boprt and guests The 
Walter Trout Band at 9 p.m . 
on Dec. 1. On Dec. 2 Jama 
Hannan Band and guests Bil 
Branch will perform at 9:30 
p.m. Duke Robillard and 
guests The Forbidden Pip will 
perform on Dec. 3 at 9:30 p.m. 

• The Spirit will feature Lee 
Vinninl,3 Hot Cara, Awful 
Truth, and Rude Neiihbon 
on Dec. 1. On Dec, 2 the Spirit 
will present Cat Heads with 
special guests Lott Girl., Avant 
Garale, TrilOSY, and Rene-
pde. On Saturday, Dec. 3, 
recording artists Kommunity 
FK, plus Red Temple Spirira 
along with The Pump' and 
The Ride will take the stage. 
For more information, call 
276-3993. 

• • • 
• The UCSD Music Entem-
bles will present four concerts 
Dec. 1 through Dec. 4. On Dec. 
1 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall , the Concert Choir 
will sing highlights from the 
Christmas section of Handel's 
"Messiah." The choir will per-
form in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall and admission is free. On 

lkc. 2, the Wind Entemble, 
under the direction of Cynthia 
Earnest, will play works by J.S. 
Bach . Leonard Bernstein. and 
other well -known composers. 
The performance will begin at 8 
p.m. in Mandeville Auditorium. 
Admission is $1. On Dec. 3 
ProfellOr Janos NelYesy will 
conduct a violin and viola class 
concert at 8 p.m. in the Recital 

See WAVES, paie 8 

'II H IUS 
, , J · M-h /, .. u,~.......u-l • 

C 

ARTS fOITOR 
S~ORInA YOUffiAnS 

RSSOCIATf ARTS fOITOR 
CynTHIA CAffiPOHL 

muSIC fOITOR 
lARRY wmmuo 
~f",OR STAff WRITfR 

ISAOHlf TIHAnYI 
OfSlcn ConSUlTAnT 

mlHf mARlInfl 
c ~TAH WRIHRS c 

AR THUR ASH 
mARCI ARonoVITZ 

Jim GARY 
PATTYJ£1T1f 

JOHn Hf~Rm 
mAR" mnfY 
lAURA HnAPp 
JfH lAmonH 

PHIL mACGDYfRn 
L~R~ mIHAT~ 

nAnCY mUnTnfR 
DOnOYAn P. ROCHf 
c InHAns c 
LAURA OAHfR 
SASCHA OGIOZ 

NIRIU5 15 PUBlISHIO IYIR9 IHUA50A9 Of 
TNI ACAOlmlC 9lAR AS A 5U PPLlm!nl 10 
TNI UC~O GURROIRn. RIPAOOUCIiOn OR 
USI 01 Rn9 PORIiOn Of IHI5 mllon Will ' 
OUI WAlTlln PIRml5SIOn 1& PROHliIJ[O . 

, WI WHtOml UnSOLICIlIO LHIIAS, mAnU ' 
SCRim AnD AATWOAK, aUI mum! no 
RlsPonSlillllY fOR IHIIA AHUAn . 

VllUffif 19 nUm!lm 1 

The Ultimate 
Cuts lie Sa. *Dietp 

WITH AlAR~O, JILLOU OR DEBI 

'4 OFF 
Reg. $19 

IVOMENS CUTS'S OFF THIS AD ONLY 
Reg. $24 

Students translate Llrca; 
fAn erotic aleluya' 

Spanish poet and dramatist 
Federico Garcia Lorca's 1924 
play, The Uweof DonPerlimplin 
and Belisa in the Garden, will 
be presented by the UCSD 
Department of Theatre, on 
Nov. 30, and Dec. 1-4 . 

The audience will view the 
performances in a small, thea-
tre set up on the Mandell 
Weiss Center's stage, which 
will be called the Weiss Studio. 

The play will run at 8 p.m. 
on Nov. 30 and Dec. 1-2; at 6 
and 8 p.m. on Dec . 3, and at 5 
and 7 p.m. on Dec. 4. 

Graduate students in the 
UCSD Professional Theatre 
Training Program are pro-
ducing the play, which was 
translated from Spanish by 
third-year student Caridad 
Svich. 

She received permission 

the look of Belisa, the bride, 
played by Maggie Stewart. 
Andy Weems plays Don 
Perlimplin, and Tom Nelis is 
Marcolfa, the lover. Belisa 's 
mother is portrayed by Karen 

Vesper. 
Tom Mays designed the set, 

which itself has a theatre-like 
look . Victor Zupanc is the 
sound designer, and Maria 
Miliaf the director. 

f rom the Garcia Lorca estate And:y Weems (L) pla:ys Don Perlimliri and Tom Nelis is Marcolfa in The 
to make a new translation, .Love ~ Don Perlimplin for Belig in the Garden. 

f 
Tickets for this production 

are $8 for general admission, 
$5 for students and $6 for 
seniors (discounts apply to 
the performances on Wednes- · 

T f R 
day, Thursday and Sunday), 
and are available atthe UCSD 
Box Office, TicketMaster, Arts 
Tix and the UCSD Theatre 
Ticket Office. 

0 

SAf"f'IWN • 
0 

0 0 
0 0 
0 0 
0 0 
0 THAI GRIWD CHICKEN RESTAURANT 0 
0 0 
0 CRANBERRY 0 0 0 0 0 
0 CHUTNEY 0 0 0 0 0 
0 Your "cllicleen" will tllanle you! 0 0 0 
0 IAJOUA MISSION HIllS 0 0 IN THE VONS CENTER NEAR EL INDIO 0 0 0 

which also included sanction r-------------------------' iii _____________________ _ 
fora new title, The Love of Don 
Perlimplin with Belisa in the 

455-8424 574-0177 0 O· 

Garden. 
In 1929, one year before 

Garcia Lorca 's death, the play 
was prohibited from the stage 
because of its subtitle, "an 
erotic aleluya." The LotJe of 
Don Perlimplin and Belisa in (he 
Garden demonstrates Garcia 
Lorca's ability to transform 
simple folk themes into refined 
personal myths. . 

The play is a story of an 
,older man's love for a sensual 
young woman. She consents 

~o marry him, and what takes 
place afterward is a mixture of 
the real and the abstract. 

Duendes, or mischievous 
'Spanish folk spihts that sup-
posedly live in people's houses, 
become onlookers at crucial 
times during the comedic 
drama. The spirits are a kind 
of puppet created by Brenda 
Berry, a third~year theatre 
design student. 

Design student Mary Larson 
brings a diaphonous quality to 

Anxious? 
Depressed? 

DO YOU SUFFER FROM 
performance or test anxiety? 
Do you feel down too easi ly 
or for too long? 

IS IT DIFFICULT TO 
maintain your motivation or 
interest in things? 

Millions of people suffer 
from feelings of anxiety and 
depression. You 're not alone. 

Recent advances i n 
medicine and psychology 
make these disorders more 
highly treatable than ever. 

CALL US TO HELP YOU 
successfully deal with these 
problems. 

Confidential. 
Insurance accepted. 

481-8881 
Anxiety & Depression 

Tre.tment Clinic 
240 Ninth Street 

Del Mar, CA 92014 



DR . BRIANJUDELSON, D . D . S . 

DENTISTRY A Whale of a Tail 
in the Golden Triangle by patty jettie along the annual migration route 

Conveniently located at 4 T 30 La Jolla Village Dr. hiatus writer of the gray whale (Eshrichtius 
Ste. 204 (next to Anthony's Seafood) robustus}. From late December 

5 4 6 -7667 W ith finals approaching, shop- through mid February, the whales ping for Christmas gifts is can be seen as they leave the Arc-
$ 6 the furthest thing on everyone's tic feeding grounds to eventually I ---Student Special - SAVE 5 -- 1 mind . Trying to figure out inex- arriveatthewarmerlagoonsalong 

FREE EXAM & X RA YS* I pensive. yet unique , Christmas the Baja California peninsula and 
: - I gifts for friends and family can be Mexico's west coast. The path 
I when accompanied by regular cleaning by our I a dreaded ordeal. The San Diego places the whales within close 
I hygenist for $35 (reg. $100 for all services) I Natural History Museum may viewing access for the two-hour 

I have the answer for you: whale weekend whale watching trips · 
: UCSD SPECIAL - 20% DISCOUNT I watching trips off the coastline. sponsored by the Museum. 
I on additional treatment I San Diego is strategically located What could be more fun for 
.~ ____ -______________________ I _________ -, you and a group of friends. while 

Join the second largest healing profession in the world. Chiropractic, 
a natural method of health care, emphasizes the relationship 
between structure and function of the human body - the focus is on 
quality of life. Admission requirements include a minimum of two 
academic years of 60 semester hours earned in an accredited junior 
college, college, or university with a grade point average of 2.25. 

Learn the facts .. ,Wednesday, December 7, 1988 
7:30 - 9:30 PM 

Viscount Inn, 1960 Harbor Island Dr. , San Diego 

. 1095 Dunford Way 

anticipating the spray that signals 
the presence of the whales, than 
listening to the cry of seagulls, 

watching seals frolicking amidst 
tht' waVt's and dolphins swim 
alongside the boat? 

The gray whale, the only species 
of baleen whale that tends to fol -
low the coast during its route, is 
usually an extremely large mam-
mal. Instead of teeth, this species 
has up to 400 fringed plates that 
allow the whales to strain large 
quantities of small crustaceans 
from the water for food . 

Both whale watchers and pho-
tographers are given numerous 
opportunities to see the gray 
whales rise to the surface as close 

See WHALES, page 6 

6 Palmer College of • Chiropractic-West 
wur Sunnyvale, CA 94087 

Please call to let us know 
you're coming. Call Palmer-West 

at 1-800-44-CHIRO! The huge flukes, or tail fins, of the California gray whale 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 
(next to Penguin's) 452-9222 

A Nice Place to Eat and Relax 
at Reasonable Prices 

• Lunch Specials. Quality Meats . Soups. Lasagne, Quiche . Free Parking 
• Great Salads . Nachos & Draft Beer . Super Hot Dogs . Free Delivery w/m~n . 

-WEEKDA \' SPECIAL SATURDA \' SPECIAL 
I ' 

I I I 
I I I 
I $1 OFF I Free so/t drinks I 
: any sandwich- : plus $1 On : 
: or Supreme Salad : any sandwich : 
I 1 cou~~~ v~~ ;"'~~oc;;,~~r ~~~6°~~n -Ff! I 1 coupon per customer. 1 
I Sal ALL DAY thru January 31 , 1989. 1 Good thru January 31 . ~989 I 

----------------------------------

~~ was geffing jealous of aU the 
new looks in perms from Loodoo. 
So he grabbed a jet and headed 
home to LoodoDto-D to check 
them out. and zoomed bock to San 
Diego wffh SJ.itcases full of the latest \' ... 
techniques and ideas. So now you ~ 
can look like yoo Br~ish cousins! Now 
Ralph isn't jealous anymore. 

...... -~, 
C.O#\V ~#\t~on.~t c.y..:1).t-a. 

~Of)\~n.t~, \J)~v~-a. 
5 ~~'t 5 f~~~t~ 
c.~~'}'t C.~~f)\fl~ 

~SOff 
with this ad 

- 409 UNIVERSITY - 291 
PACIRC IUCH - 1447 GARI£T -

OCUlI lEACH - 4882 NEWPORT - 222·3777 
COLLEGE - 7028 EL CA.O IlYD. - 463·5052 

~~~ ~~~~ ~$~~ FREE ~~~~ ~~~~ ~~~ ~ ~~ ELECTROLySiS, ..... · .. , .. 
.fF. ._0'''',.,,, o~ $30 VALUE (23 MINUTES) ('~ ... "\ 

For first-time clients • Expires 12115 /88 \ P'I' R.: 
UP~~~~ws 1~ ALEXANDER ELECTR'OLYSIS 

NECK ()' ALL FEMALE STAFF • MEN & WOMEN 
LA JOLLA - 737 Pearl Street ~ GOLDEN TRIANGLE - 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
Suite 2121 (behind Elephant Bar) 
DOWNTOWN - 964 Fifth Ave. Suite 229 
(Fifth & Broadway, one blk. from Harlan Plaza) 
CALL FOR APPT. 456-2273 

data 
systems 

THE QUALITY GOES IN BEFORE THE NAME GOES ON e 

DELIVERS 
• 

POWER PERFORMANCE PRICE PORTABILITY 

HOLIDAY 
SPECIAL 

, .... / I 

o ' 
- - ~ ~: 

="r; ~ 
cc :-; ~ 

Battery Powered Laptops z-286 AT -Compatible PC 386 
Take It Anywhere! Small Footprint -17 Ibs! Super Advanced AT 

1 Mb RAM 16 MHz, 0 Wait State 
640 K RAM Expandable to 6 Mb on 1 Mb RAM 
. 8M Hz Main Board/ 16 Mb System Expandable to 16 Mb 20 Mb Hard Disk 8 MHz, 0 Wait State 

Built-in Modem 20 Mb Hard Disk 40 Mb Hard Disk 

UCSD PRICE Mouse Included ($55 value) MS Windows Included MS Windows included FLAT SCREEN 51999 FLAT SCREEN VGA VGA 
Supersport 286 COLOR MONITOR COLOR MONITOR 

1 MbRAM INCLUDED INCLUDED 20 Mb Hard Disk 
UCSD 'PRICE UCSD PRICE UCSD PRICE 

53110 52389 53779 

534-4291 534-4291 



.. 

Whales 
Continued from pale .. 
as 50 yards away. When relaxed, 
the whales forcefully exhale their 
breath, causing great spouts of 
water and spray to appear in the 
air. After repeating this action, the 
whales will dive below the water, 
lifting their vast tail flukes (meas-

uring IOto 12 feet across) into the 
air. 

Susan La joie, a naturalist who 
accompanies the trips, is enthusi-
astic about the upcoming season. 
"We may see one or two whales in 
early November ," La Joie said. 
"The season hits its peak in mid 
December, when about 300 whales 
pass San Diego per day. 

"Because the gray whale is 
known as feeder [one who feeds 
off the bottom o( the ocean floor], 
many can be seen as close as ft. 

Lorna. But it varies, for just as 
many whales will be spotted as far 
as 60 miles off shore," La Joie 
explained. 

Along with the gray whales, 
travelers often see other marine 
mammals such as California sea 
lions, harbor seals, bottlenose 
dolphi ns and various types of 
birds. 

On Dec. 23, the Museum's 
two-hour trips begin with a special 
coastal cruise celebrating the 
Museum 's 19th season of whale 
watching. Entitled a " Whale of a 

------------------ --------, Member's Party," the trip is 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME /CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

... HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOUDAY SEASON!_ 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

"'eed nol b. upensi.e 
Special College 

S tudent Program 
CAL L l 'S FIR T 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

(li rmerll Oa~ uaf Ins. 
3838 Camino 
D., Rio North 

#315 

n 

designed specifically (or members 
of the San Diego Society of Natu-
ral History. The cost is $10 for 
adults and $8 for children under 
twelve. Leaving the docks at 10 
a.m., the boat is scheduled to 
return by noon. 

Regular trips, scheduled each 
Saturday an Sunday morning, 
will begin onlan . 14 and fi nish on 
Feb. 19. These weekend trips leave 
Mission Bay at 11 :30 a.m. and 
return at 1:30 p.m. Prior reserva-
tions via mail are required for all 
whale watching trips. The general 
public fee is $12 for adults, $8 for 
children under twelve; for Mu-
seum members, the cost is the 
same as the" Whale of a Member's 
Party" cruise . 

HOVSE or 
AfRIKA 

Searching through the jungle 
lenders for a student loan? 
Discover Educaid, the 
student loan specialist, 

IMPORTS 
. 1Iqp 
Records • Tapes· O)'s 
• T-Shirts ' Buttons 
• Jewelry • Mrtkan 
Imports · Incense 

"1 roSh/it 
. '''''1lIN Golle DreMr 

Call the Reggae l10Uine 
for Concerts 

355 N. Highway 101 
Solana Beach, CA 92075 
(619)259-0803 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleosis within 
the last month? If SO your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contribution to 

the medical industry, and 
earn you 550 at the same 

rime. For additIonal 
details call Ms. Vawter at 

Essent.a. Blolog.cs. 
226-17J3. 

and unearth a treasure 
trove of options and 
services. 

~1~IUS 
musIc t H DUll 

II>"-.."e r T a Tarris, and Valerie Tihanyi, the 
Trivia Quiz for the quarter. They can come in to 

Assorted Viny im their $5.00 gift certificates. And an extra special 
congratulat' s to Valerie, our Fall Qparter 1988 Grand Champion. 
That's ri - with her cumulative total of 24 points, she successfully 
edged out all the others. Her $50 (!!!) gift ce rtificate is waiting fo r her 
right here at Assorted Vinyl. Thanks to everyone who entered, and 
congratulations to all of you who won during the quarter. With any luck, 
we'll be back in 1989 for another round ... until then, keep the faith. and 
good luck on finals! 

I. "Vlcrorla" 
ANSWERS TO THE LAST QUIZ: 

2. "S""n"" " 
J . "In th. Midnight Hour" 
4. "Demolition Man" 
5. " Bits And Pi« •• " 

Internship PosItIon ()pen For 
AIIIlfant Arts EdHor 

• 10-12 hrs/VJk 
• No pay but lots c:A expertencel 

Please send a resu~ and cover letter to 
Sabrina Youmans or Cynthia Campbell at the 
GuardIan. 8-016. La Jolla. CA 92093. Deadline Is 
Jan. 6. 1989, 

Your 
tions 

4-~naaIV turnaround on receipt of 
cOflrectlv completed 

~Extra savings on interest 
for EDUCAlD 
supplemental loans (51.5) 

~ A lender who works 
as hard as you do. 

26th Year 
Guadalajara Summer Session 
University of San Diego June 30-A ugust 4. 7989 
Courses fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools 
and Colleges (W ASC). Spanish language at all levels, Bi-lingual 
and Special Education. including ESL and Reading Education, 
Art , Folk Dance, Literature, Folklore, History, Sociology, Guitar, 
Political Science, Psychology, Cross-Cultural Studies. 
Tuition: $550 for 1-8 undergraduate units. $590 for 1-8 graduate 
units. Room a nd board with a Mexican Host Family: $550. 
Apartment and Hotel rates from $300-$600 per month. 
University of San Diego also has an M.A.program in Spanish. 
St udents may earn credits toward the degree by attending the 
Guadalajara Summer Session . 
For information: Guadalajara Summer s-ion, University of San 
Diqo, Alca .. Park, San Dieao, CA 92110-2492. 

kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8155 VIII. L.8 Jolt. Dr. 

RAY BAN SUN~Il.©!UJlt» 
LAURA BIAGIOTTI POLO Be MORE , _____ 1 ' 

Durasoft Opaque Colored Contacts I 20% Off I · 
Replacement Contact Lenses Ourasott® Colored 
Appointments Available I Contacts with thIs ad. I . 
Best Prices. Best Service ~alld thru ~ 1~ a.!J 
OPTiM·EYES inc. 278-847 
7710 Balboa Ave., Suite 216-C • Son Diego, CA 92111 

• 
. . --------------------- --------

HOLIDAY 
STORAGE SPECIAL Carl's Jr. 

UCSD 
Student 
Special 

ALCATRAZ SELF-STORAGE ........................ ~. WESIERN BACON #282 • 
5'xS'x8' HIGH. 
5'xlO'xS' HIGH. 

.. '" l 

• I i '" 
j 
r---~ Of'-l:Htt ~ 

$19 per month 
$33 per month 
5206 Eastgate Mall 

452-1047 

• 
• 
• CHEESEBURGER 
: REG.FRIES 5299 
• REG. SOFT DRINK 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

~ ~ , • Truck and TraUer Rentals • eo..,.. ....... o.c. 31, 1 ... On~ oIer per coupon. 
• One coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any other 

• 
• 
• 
• , . 

..00 . l • ofer or discount. Price does not include tax. • BOll:, MoVing and Shipping Supplies ® • C8rl'sJr •• • oCari Karcher Enterprises, Inc. 1988 
. ....... ~ ............... . 

July 9 - August 19, 1989 
Nexl 51111/II/er 1/011 enll al/elld ti'l' thirlt'[,lIlh 
all/Illal flllly acmtiiled Ullil'crsil.'l of 
Califomia SI/II/II/er Sessiull al Pelllbrokt' 
Col/ege, Call/bridge Ullil.'t'rsily . CUllrses 
ell/I'hasize Brillsh alld Ellropcnll IIrt all/I 
arc/lileetllre, lileraillre, histury, alld pulilienl 
alld socia l iSSllt'5. Fael/lty is filII/posed of 0111-
stalldillS II'ctllfl'rS al Call//Jrid~t' . 

Special features of the 
Summer Session include: 
Result'lICl' at 600-.vear old Pelll/'wkl' Co/lexl' ill 
colI/fortab/e roollls which IwPt' hOl/scd 1/11111.'1 
SCI/I'ratiolls of British scholars . 

Weekday /IIeals provided ill mllcsl' dillillg 
halls . 

Emo/llllellt ill Iwo 4-lIl1it WllrSl'S which lakl: 
fll/l admlltase of Ihl' EIISlisil IOflltioll IIlfIlI/gil 
ficid Iril's Iu rciti ll'd I,lacl's ami ['WiltS . 

WI'I'kl'lld IOllrs to UJlldOIl , Slratford-oll-AI'OI/, 
alld otllt'f El/gli~II cilies for sigllt-St'l'ill,1! {/lui 
IIIm/n'. Visits 10 cast/('s. callrl'drals, stalt'ly 
lIIal/si(/I/S, al/d IIIIISt'I/IIIS . 
Representative comments of students who 
have attended in previous years: 

"PrOl'idl'd a I/lIiqllt' growil/;': ('xlll'rit'lIce Ihlll 
1IIt'rt' 1Iwds t'al/ ' / /~)ssil'/.v apn'ss. " 

"It was dlfil/i ll'iy IIr(' best Ilril/X i'1'1' ('l'a dOli!' 
Ilrrollgh lilt' U.c. " 

"A <,<real COII//JillntivlI of socinl, amdelllic, alld 
cultural experiell(es. I ('IIjoyed myself 
immensely. " 

"Cambridge offered Ilaself to lIIe in a most 
friendly way. in Pembroke Collese or in town , 
Ihrul/gh all vf the people I met , Ihrallgll all of 
ti,e beautiflll ellltural activities offered." 

"I lIever lIIel friendlier people in Illy life ." 

Ellrollmelll is limited. Oprll only to students 
ill guod slalldillS nllhe Ulliversity of 
Cali[omia. YOII are IIrged tv aelpromptly by 
!'IWIIIIIX Ille UC In.illt' Slimmer Sessiolls 
Office or 5elldillX ill till' COUpoll. 

Summer Sessions 
University of Ca/ifomia 

I 

P.O. Box Al, Irvine, ea 92716 
Phone: (714) 856-5493 

Pleas!' scml 111(' addiliol/al illformatio" 
alld applicalioll fomls for tilt' UCI 
SUIIlIII!'f Scssioll at Cambridge 
Ullil'l'rsily . 

I !'I'''''' 
I 
--------------------



Budget Student 
FARES 

• NEW YORK .. ..... $260 

• BAY AREA .•....... $58 
• TAH ITI .•.......... 598 

• AMSTERDAM ..... $439 

• Circle Pacific ... $1039 
Based on round trip fare 

Book Now· St!ats Limitt!d! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

mmm 
LA JOlLA ' __ • CIITIMI'. 

AIT AIIIT_ 
DECEMBER I 7 00 & 9 30 

IAN DIIU ' CAlif ... TIlUTlE 
DECEMBER 2 7 30 
DECEMBER 3 700 & 9 30 

~ • Cord - _ ... - II _. __ .... - SIden po., 'M."' . .. 
TICIr."."".o".,mebO_otf,,,,na, , -... .. l-" 
1oC" l()fts- M'y Comp, ny M.cJJ'I..II,& TOYilerR.,ords 

Of r;n,'pe Oypt'}OM (619J 21' TlXS 

Waves 
Continued from page 2 
Hall. Finally, on Dec. 4 the gui~ 
tar -class will perform under the 
direction of Pepe and Celin 
Romero.The class will perform 
in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 
Admission is free . For more 
information, call 534~3229. 

• ttBlack Nativity: A Gospel 
Song Play," by celebrated poet 
Langston Hughes will run at 
the Progressive State Com-
pany Saturday through Dec. 
18. The shows will run Thurs~ 
days through Saturdays at 8 p.m. 
and Sundays at 7 p.m. The pro~ 

Paseo de los 
Heroes 

I • 

du tion will be directed by Dr. 
Floyd Gaffnev, UCSD profes~ 
sor of theater. Tickets are $10 
general, $8 for students, senior 
citizens and military. For more 
information, call 534-3104. 

• The Santee Community 
Theater will present Arthur 
Laurents' "Invitation to a 
March" Dec. 2, 3, 9, 10 and 11. 
Tickets are $6 adults, $5 seniors 
and youths. Curtain time is 8 
p.m. at the Cajon Park School, 
located at 10300 N. Magnolia in 
Santee. One matinee perfor-
mance will be given on Dec. 11 
at 2 p.m. . 

• Sushi presents Tim Miller 
in Some Golden States Dec. 1 
thr \gh Dec. 3 and Dec. 8 
thrcugh Dec. 11. All performan-
ces start at 8 p.m. Tickets are 
$10 general admission, $7 Sushi 
members. For reservations call 

235~8466. Sushi is located at 
852 Eighth Avenue in down-
town San Diego . 

• The Dicken. Playen of the 
University of California, Santa 
Cruz, will present "Dicken. on 
Stage" on Saturday, Dec. 10. 
Curtain time is 7:30 p.m. at the 
Cultural Arts Center, 3557 

" •• O. I • o' • o. " ,. 

Monroe Street in Carlsbad. 
Tickets are $10 general admis~ 
sion, $7 for students and 
seniors. For more information, 
call 434-2920. 

• Illusionist David Copper-
field will perform at the San 
Diego Civic Theatre on Friday' 
and Saturday, Dec. 2 and 3 at 6 
and 9 p.m. Tickets are $19, $16 
or $10, available at the Civic 
Center box office and all Tick-
etMaster outlets. To charge by 
phone, call 236-6510 or 
278~TIXS. 

--compiled by lara mihata 


