
J 521'1. ' : 

UNIVERSI1Y OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1988 VOLUME 65, #10 0 

No ..... - Students examine the consequences of drunk driving at last Friday's T.G. co-sponsored 
by the Committee on Alcohol and Substance Abuse. The event featured the band "Mango Bang" and 
comedian Russ T. Nailz while non-alcoholic beverages were served free for Alcohol Awareness Week. 

BGIF and TG Events Will Continue 
With Increaseil Security, Advertising 
By KENNETH JENSEN 
Guardian Intern 

year. Judaken now claims that 
the A.S. has a broader awareness 
of advertising. 

source . 
"UC should serve as a locus 

for student events for all local col-
leges," he said. 

Future BGIF event ha ve 
been relocated to Third College' 

See BGIF, .. Ie 3 

Dept. Grade Polity: 
Inconsistency Found 
By PORSCHE SHANTZ 
Staff Writer 

Pre~ngineering students who 
have repeated a failed class will 
run into a discrepancy in policy 
between the engineering depart-
ment and a University-wide re-
gulation. 

The Engineering Policy Hand-
book states that: "The first attemFt 
[grade] will be averaged with the 
retake grade. This is true even if it 
is within the first 16 units repeated 
at UCSD." 

In contrast, a corresponding 
Academic Senate regulation states 
that: "In computing the GPA of 
an undergraduate who repeats 
courses in which he received a'D' 
or 'F', only the most recently earned 
grades and grade points shall be 
used for the first 16 units re-
peated. " 

In 1985 the Division of Engineer-
ing obtained retroactive permis-
sion from the UCSD Academic 
Senate to proceed with the above-
stated policy. 

In a letter dated July 19, 1985, 
from Laurence B. Milstein, then 
Chair of the EECS Department, 
to the Chair of the UCSD 
Committee on Educational Policy 
Courses, Milstein stated the rea-
sons for implementing the policy. 

"The EECS Department calcu-
lates a GPA in lower-<iivision 

major classes before admitting 
students to the major," he wrote. 
"We have the option of increasing 
the G P A based on student de-
mand. In an effort to avoid 
increasing the G PAin spring 1985 
we decided to average both grades 
if a student repeated a class." 

According to Lynn Harris of 
the UCSD Academic Senate, the 
Senate knew that the Engineering 
Division's policy was against the 
system-wide regulation, but in 
1985 "an exception was made." 

In a recent interview, Milstein 
elaborated on the reasons behind 
the policy. 

"Our logic was [that] if we gave 
this student r who has repeated the 
course] an 'A', what about a student 
who took it the first time and got 
an 'A'? We feel that that person 
should have an advantage over 
someone who repeats." 

However, some student opinion 
differs. 

"If you can bring up a grade to 
an • A' after repeating a class . .. 
you were capable of that grade 
the first time," third year engi-
neering student Kevin McCormick 
said. 

"I think if you didn '1 do well the 
first time you took a class ... 
then did well the second time, 
there was something other than 
academics that caused the first 'D' 

See ENGINEERING, pale 3 

This year's 14 remaining BGIF's 
and TGs will continue with more 
concerts and free beverages than 
any previous year, despite eariler 
security complications, according 
to Associated Students Program-
ming Commissioner Jonathan 
Judaken. 

Despite this new awareness, 
Judaken said the A.S. is wary of 
"too wide a dissemination of adver-
tisment" and rejected a proposal 
to place an advertisement for the 
upcoming reggae concert in the 
San Diego Reader at their Oct. 12 
meeting. ucs to have own TV Station 

The bi-monthly Friday night 
T.G.I.F. (Thank God it's Friday) 
and periodic BGIF (Blue and 
Gold I ncredible Friday) events 
were feared extinct, or at least res-
tricted to day time, following the 
Sept. 30 Untouchables concert 
that ended in unruly mob activity. 

Judaken has met with authori-
ties, including Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Tom Tucker and has apparently 
solved the problems that led to 
Sept. 30's fiasco. 

Lack of security, unknown 
advertisement and poor facilities 
have been cited a the main causes 
for previous problems. 

The only retriction to upcom-
ing events is stepped-up security. 
"Officials and A.S. [members] 
have recognized the failure [of the 
Sept. )0 BGIF] as an isolated 
incident," Judaken said . 

All concerts and events are still 
free and open to the pUblic. 

Advertisement, however, is be-
ing brought under closer control. 
Associated Students were appar-
ently not aware that businesses 
such as 91 X radio tation were 
advertising the first 8G I of the 

• OPtION ... 4 
• FEATURES .... 10 

• SPORTS .......... 20 
• ClASSIFIEDS ......... 23 
• BLOOM COUNTY ....••.•. 2 

J udaken supported the pro-
po sal , claiming the Reader 
reache more students than other 

LectureAnalyzes 
1988 Campaign 
Characteristics 
By MARK S. STACKPOLE 
Guardian Intern 

An analysis of the 1988 presi-
dential campaign was presented 
by two of UCSD's resident experts 
in American Politics, Professors 
Sam Popkin and Sam Kernell, at 
the Center for Molecular Genet-
ics last Wednesday night. 

The hour-long lecture dealt 
mainly with the causes of recent 
Republican success, and with 
Democratic misfortunes. It was 
sponsored by the Friends of the 
UCSD Library,and was attended 
by a large number of La Jolla 
resident , as well as a smaller 
number of students and members 

See CAMPAIGN, pale 19 

OPINION 
Endoriementa for 
County Propositions 4 

UC.SD 
- . . 

TY:-)5 
said Sherman Geof •• Media Center director and :r of tethDical operations for the proposed 

The pI'OII'ammin. wiD be set by. station com-
mittee which wiD be formed in the comiDa moat .... 
At tlUl .... the station hopes to broMcut wide 
appeallecturea, Repat speakcn.lOme ExteMiOD 
.IFI •• ca~t"""aaddanc:ep~ 
" ............... worb. 

... kID will .... bIJ beain by broadcalt· 
12 bourse.y. wIIich is the miDimum. Georae 

SPORTS 
Another big win lor tha 
Triton water polo taam 20 



. . .. SHORTS 

I~ UC NEWS 
Dukakis Wears Imitation 
UCLA Sweatshirt 

LOS ANGELES - When Democratic presidential 
candidate Michael Dukakis was photographed at the 
Bonaventure Hotel throwing a baseball Wednesday, 
Oct. 12, he was wearing what appeared to be a sweat-
shirt with a presently unlicensed UCLA logo. 

ASUCLA Licensing Administrator Jack Revoyr 
said Dukakis' sweatshirt features a UCLA seal that 
was used three years ago, but is no longer allowed to 
be used as a UCLA logo. 

Revoyr said that in an effort to identify unlicensed 
uses of the UCLA logo, his office changed the official 
seal. 

According to Revoyr, the sweatshirt may be in vio-
lation of UCLA trademark regulations. 

ASUCLA holds the rights to everything printed 
with the UCLA seal. 

Dukakis press secretary Mark Gearan did not 
know at press time where or when the candidate got 
the sweatshirt, but said "I assume that this [the sweat-
shirt] is usually something that is given to [Dukakis]." 

Revoyr added that he was pleased that Dukakis 
was wearing a UCLA sweatshirt, but he "wished he 
bought it from the student store." 

Gearan mentioned that Dukakis "would love to 
wear an official UCLA sweatshirt." 

Richard Hopkins, UCLA Daily Bruin 

UCSF Medical School Receives 
Most NIH Grant Funds 

SAN FRANCISCO - UCSF's Medical School 
received more National Institutes of Health (NIH) 
grant funds last year - $102 million - than any 
other medical school. This marks the twelfth consecu-
tive year that the school has held this distinction. 
John Hopkins, Yale, Stanford and Columbia rounded 
out the top five medical schools in terms of NIH 
dollars. 

UCSF as a whole received more than $117 million 
in grants from NIH in 1987, ranking second behind 
Johns Hopkins in total NIH funds granted to a single 
institution. Competition for NIH grants is intense, 
and researchers from around the country vie for the 
limited funds, which are distributed after a peer 
review process. 

NOW (}(J~/C YO(!{ 
fllTHf5/( HA~ 5I/IlPW{,..y 

&Or.£ Mflff l' 
I 

Sy napse 

UCSB Prepares Safety For 
Halloween Weekend Events 

SANTA BAR BARA - A bill designating $3,000 
in student funds for the purchase of I,SOO metal whis-
tles to be distributed at the Oct. 27 Take Back the 
Night rally was passed unanimously at UC Santa 
Ba, bara '5 recent Associated Students Legislative 
Council meeting. 

Take Back the Night is an annual event organized 
by the A.S. Commission on the Status of Women and 
is designed to help women feel safe from sexual 
assault. 

Authored by Representative-at-large Valerie 
Yoshimura, the bill states that the shrill whistles are 
an effective means of deterring crime in high density 
areas such as the campus. 

The bill comes just in time for the Halloween events 
for which UCSB is so famous. The whistles will be 
passed out in time for students to use them if needed 
during the weekend and in the future. 

Kim K ..... Daily Nexus 

UC Regents Flooded With 
New Campus Site Requests 

Fort Bragg and Fresno, Palmdale and Placerville, 
Redding and Red Bluff, Merced, Modesto and Mari-
posa. These towns all want what San Diego has. They 
are a sampling of cities interested in becoming the 
home of a new UC campus. 

With total enrollment in the UC system currently 
up to 160,596, it looks as though another campus is 
needed. UC officials have been flooded with letters 
and phone calls from city and county officials, busi-
ness people and other interested citizens asking how, 
when and where to make a bid for placing a UC cam-
pus in their area. The mail has brought requests to 
make formal presentations, promotional brochures 
and proflles, civic and regional development docu-
ments, and even a promotional videotape. 

The Regents have not planned to take any formal 
action in the near future, but intend to review the 
situation and take the appropriate steps in the next 
few years. 

If UCSDINFO 
Impou,,~ed Bicycle Policy Set 

A new policy on impounded bicycles has been 
established. If an owner would like to retrieve his/ her 
bicycle from the UCSD police station, a SIO fee must 
be paid along with the purchase of a bicycle license. 

by Berke Breathed, 
,-------..;;...., 

Tickets Issued to IIle.al 
Bicycle/Skateboard Riden 

Starting today on campus, students who ride their 
bikes or skateboard in restricted areas will be ticketed. 
An officer has been assigned to cover these restricted 
areas daily during the appropriate times, and will no 
longer issue warnings. 

Previously, only written warnings were distributed. 
On the average the officer was warning SO students 
per day. Approximately 9S percent of the students on 
campus obey the signs, but five percent who continue 
to ride in violation will have to pay the price for the 
hazard they pose to pedestrians. 

Citations are $25 for bicycling or skateboard ina in 
designated restricted areas, and $SO for reckless and 
unsafe riding in the areas. These tickets affect viola-
tors the same way that a normal parkin. ticket does 
and can go on their DMV records. 

Covn-Up to be Shown For 
Political Film Series 

The documentary Cover- Up: Behind tlte Irfll'f-
Contra Affair will be shown Friday as part of the Pol-
itical Film Series. The film depicts the Reagan/ Bush 
hostage deals, arms sales and covert operations, alolll 
with other events involvina the CIA and the Contras. 
Just before the screening, a speaker from the Christic 
Intitute Support Group will answer questions and 
briefly review the content of the ftlm. 

The film will be shown Friday at Sand 6: 15 p. m. in 
Third Lecture Hall 107. 

The film will also be shown at the Che Cafe on 
Wednesday, Oct. 26 and Nov. 2 at 5 and 6: 15 p.m. 

Dukakis to Speak at Horton Plaza 
Democratic presidential candidate Mike Dukakis 

will be speaking at Horton Plaza today at noon. 
Public relations workers for his campaign were 

unable to say what issues Dukakis will address but 
said that they expect his speech to last ahout an hour. 

An appearance by actress Darryl Hanna is also 
scheduled. 

New York Times Music 
Critic to Speak 

Joseph Horowitz, former New York Times music 
critic and acclaimed author, will give a free lecture 
entitled "Understanding Toscanini" Oct. 25 from 4 
p.m. to {; p.m. at Liebow Auditorium located at BSB. 
The program is sponsored by the UCSD departments 
of communication, history, and sociology. 

-Compiled by Leeu upt 

Lights & Sirens 
Editor'S note: Today marks the return of "Lights & 

Sirens," a weekly summary of UCSD police activity. 
The column will appear every Monday. 

For the week October 13 through October 19 

Thursday, October 13 
• 4:30 p.m.: A non-student reported the theft of a 

Zenith computer from his locked vehicle in 10\ 408. The 
computer. valued at $5,500, allegedly was stolen on Oct.9. 
• 12 a.m. : An adult male was arrested and taken to 

county jail on charges of burglary. The suspect was 
rcportedly caught looking through files in the Medical 
Teaching Facility. He claimed to be from theCosmopol-
itan Business Service, but had no current company iden-
tification. Apparently, the company is based in Florida 
and has no office in San Diego. 
Monday, October 17 
• II :30 a.m. : The UC Regents reported the theft of 

computer equipment from AP&M valued at over 
$1,500. Police have determined that a key was used to 
gain entry. 
Tuesday, October 18 
• 8:40a.m.: A cOl'\struction trailer was reported to have 
been vandali7ed at lot 306. Windows were broken with 
water balloons and eggs. Estimated los~: $25. 
• II :30 a . m.: Pol ice received a report of an un identified 

man and woman stealing newspapers from a recycling 
co-op bin. 

.9:30 p.m.: For the fifth time. a female student 
reported battery by her husband during an argument at 
thc M("~a Apartmcnt~ . There was no charge against thc 

hu~band and no traumatic injury to the woman . 
Wednesday, October 19 
• I :30 a.m.: Fire alarm~ were ~et off in Ogdcn Hall of 
Fifth ollege dorm~. fI:~ulting in the evacuation of ~tu­
denbo The fire department determined that an ignition 
device wa~ u~ed to ignite heat detectors. 

-Compiled by Kenneth Jensen 

• 

The UCSD Guardian 

, . 

EN GINEERIN G: Dispute 
Continued from pale 1 
or 'F'," Bill James said, also a 
third-year engineering student. 

According to Milstein, the pol-
icy was not meant to reduce the 
number of students being admit-
ted into the major. It was designed 
to put students in the engineering 
department on a more even foot-
ing with each other. 

"The problem with their policy 
is that, suppose in your freshman 
year you have a bad quarter and 
you want to repeat those courses. 
It means that even if you got all 
'A's in the repeated courses your 
GPA to the Engineering depart-
ment would still only be a 2.0," 
A.S. Student Advocate Bard-Alan 

Finlan said. 
In the Engineering Division it 

is necessary to maintain at least a 
3.0 GPA in lower-division major 
courses to be able to continue in 
the major. 

"It all comes down to the fact 
that if you took a course over 
you're not going to do better 
because you've seen the material 
before, but because you know the 
material," McCormick said. 

In a letter dated March 29, 
1988, Murray L. Schwartz, then 
Chair of the San Diego Committee 
on Educational Policy and Cour-
ses, requested a ruling fr~m the 
University Committee of Educa-
tional Policy (UCEP) on the 

BGIF: ·Moves to Third , 
Continued from pa.e 1. 
Mile High . Field to accomodate 
larger crowds. The five thousand 
people at the first BGIF crowded 
in front of the gym. which led to 
the dangerous conditions that 
froze the concert. Mile High Field 
will be able to accommodate over 
twice the number of people with a 
barrier before the stage, to curb 
unruly behavior, Judaken said. 

More TOs are pia nned this year 
than in previous year. despite the 
controversy over the $ 14.000 bev-
erage policy advocated by J udaken 
and passcd by the A.S . 

Judaken hailed the increased 
number of TOs planned for this 
year as a "celebration of the stu-

den~ body" and sa id t!lat the entire 
student body can participate, as 

the S14,000 provides for non-
alcoholic beverages. 

In light of thi s, last Friday'sTG 
wa~ deemed to be an "a lcohol 
awareness TG." Co-sponsored by 
the Committee on Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse, this pa~ty was 
designed to emphasize drinking 
responsibility. 

Among the upcoming events 
are the reggae concert on Nov. 5 
and 6. and Winter Festival for 
Peace, scheduled for Martin Lu-
ther King's birthday weekend and 
more TO . Events are planned for 
every rriday night and include 
ei ther TGIFs, BGlFs, or A.S.-
sponsored activities at the Pub. 

"I've done my best to plan more 
this year than any other school 
year." Judaken said. 

NEWS 
validity of the Engineering Divi-
sion's rule. 

On June 27, 1988, Edward 
Dennis, the Chair of the UCSD 
Senate, received a decision from 
the UCEP. 

The decision said that, "It is the 
view of this committee that it is 
clear that the [Academic Senate] 
regulation addresses the compu-
tation ofthe GPA, and the use of 
such computation, by an auhto-
rized component of the University 
of California reprdless of the 
purpose for which the computa-
tion is made ... Therefore, it must 
be assumed that the regulation 
applies to all OPAs determined 
by all entities of the University." 

According to Dr. Katja Linden-
berg, the current Chair of the 
UCSD Senate, this San Diego 
body just received all the material 
concerning this case this summer. 

"The final decision was that the 
matter would be left up to the 

Mo"dQY. October U , /988 3 

TV STATION: Channel 
35 Planned for UCSD 
Continued from pale I 
sity Extension complex. 

"With thi technology. we can 
broadcast our station to San 
Diego at a co t incomparable to 
that of the larger. commercial sta-
tions. Probably less thanChannel 
10's phone bill . It's quite new stuff 
we're using" George said. 

Robert Horowitz, broadcast 
expert in the Communication 
Department and member of the 
original organizational committee 
for the UCSD station, has high 
hopes but some reservations. 

"Frankly, I don 't think the 
University realizes how much 
monl'Y is involved in creating 
programming worth watching. 
My guess is that the drawback 

will be a minimal viewership. 
" I hope the committtee opens • 

this thing up to independent video 
makers . Lectures and speakers 
can end up just being talking 
heads. This is an opportunity to 
capture and gain perspective on 
the video revolution we're in right 
now." 

The station'scosts will be taken 
partly from Extension class fees, 
but rely heavily on grants and 
donations. Student registration 
fees will not be used . 

Channel 35 will be owned, 
operated and paid for by the Uni-
versity. Four full-time staff mem-
bers will be hired to run the sta-
tion, along with a part-time stu-
dent staff. 

local Committee on Educational r------------------------. 
Policy and Courses. They have to 
look at whether the policy is in 
agreement or not in agreement 
with University regulation," lin-
denberg stated. 

On October 10, all material 
reprding the policy problem was 
given to the committee, and the 
Academic Senate will be informed 
when a decision is reached. 

"Only 25 percent of the students 
who start in the engineering 
department even finish," Finlan 
said. 

"If the department's rule is in 
contrast to the University's, then 
some of these people can go back 
and appeal their denial of entrance 
to the major." 

HAIR SALOlW 
CALL TODAY - ASK FOR SUSAN 

n ... ."llng 
'I1OIOI1GH INT. 31_ 
P.r ...... o.IF .... 
Foil highlighting wi haircut. 
Reg. $90. Looks beautiful! 
Por"c.o.a,.. 
Haircuts $t 5. Nice Styles l 
0PE5 TO 8teo PJlI 
... Pearl St. 8tc, PI 
......... a .... 7 
(818)4&8-318& 

Treats (not tricks) at the University Bookstore's r-----------------------, : MARINE JACKET : 

Monday, October 31 
Free Hershey candy bars· 

Costume contest 
Jack-o'·lantern contest 

'From 10 a.m. while supplies last 

Costume contest prize categories 
-most original 
-funniest 
-scariest 
-most outrageous 

Entrants must be at the bookstore steps promptly at 12:30 p.m. 
Judging 12:30 p.m.-1 :30 p.m. 

Jack-o'-lantern carving contest 
Entries accepted from 9 a.m. to 12 noon 

Judging at 12 noon 

Prizes include 
Compact disc player 

Microwave oven 
University Bookstore gift certificates 

For more informatron call 534-4248 

.: I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I • Nylon shell with poly / (assortment I I cotton lining varies I 
I • Machine washable by store) I 
I • 3 great styles - pullover I 
I with lots of pockets. snaps $ 2499 I I zippers. terrific all-purpose I 
I windbreaker now I just I II • Choose from Red (values to $50) I 

Yellow. and Blue I 
I I I 
I : 
I I 
I -La Jolla 'tillage __ • ~. La Jolla 1241 PI'otpect 454-7532 I 

• IncInIIaI (LumbelYord) 942.()337. NOIWI ~ fair 7~9425 I I for ofI'Ier locatIona, pIeaM caliltle aboww. J 
------------------~-----



4 _M_ond_~'O_Clob_er2_4' 19_88 _______ C=> ___ P_&l~~~~() __ 1'l ______________ __ 
JOHN SHAW, Editor in Chief 
LARA MIHATA, Managing Editor 
ANNAMARIE BEZZERIDE ,News Editor 
KELL Y FLANIGAN, Opinion Editor 

The GuardIan i~ published ''''ICt \4-cd .. l} at the LJ nt\~rsit} o(Cahfornia . 
San Dlego _ Contents 0 1988 Views exprcssed herein are not necessarily 
thos< of the UC Board of Regents . the ASUCSD or the GuardIan. 

County Propositions 
The Guardian Recommends: 
Yes: A, C, D, E, F, J, K 
No:B, G, H, L 

Is this Berkeley or what? 
We've got propositions on the local ballot that 

could stop the whites-only allocation of seats on the 
city council, protect undeveloped land and release the 
city from condo bondage, make the police responsi-
ble to someone besides themselves and suggest stag-
gered work hours to deal with traffic problems. 

It may not be exactly like Berkeley (that municipal-
ity will be voting Nov. 8 on a proposition that would 
make a Palestinian refugee camp a sister city) , but 
there are a number of unusually far ranging ballot 
issues in San Diego this year. In many ways, this 
election may represent the last chance for San Diego 
to define itself, before real estate developers do it 
themselves . 
Propositions B. C. D. Hand J 

These are the growth initiatives. They are compli-
cated and contradictory, kind of a minor-league ver-
sion of the statewide insurance propositions. 

ENDORSEMENTS 
B is a fairly cynical attempt by the Supes to co-opt 

the more radical Propositions D and J . It's full of 
holes: the Board would be told to adopt environmen-
tal standards, but would let them get back to us a bout 
what they are. 

C would urge a regional planning approach to 
growth issues, something the Bay Area has been 
working on for 20 years. 

D would put a cap on condo development and 
demand that some thought be put into where devel-
opment occurs. It defines environmentally sensitive 
areas and protects them. No loopholes. It doesn't 
mess with existing projects, developed under current 
"rules," and perhaps most importantly, gives voters a 
chance to vote on major projects in their areas. 

Hand J are the equivalents of Band D; where B 
and D would cover unincorporated county areas, H 
and Jwould function in the City of San Diego. Band 
H are paired .. as are D and J. 

Proposition A 
This would overturn the spending limit for the 

county set by statewide Proposition 13 in 1978; the 
funds , paid into the state treasury by San Diego 
taxpayers, go mostly to San Francisco and Los 
Angeles now. A would reclaim the money. 
Proposition E 

E would establish district rather than citywide City 
Council elections. If it doesn't pass, San Diego will 
probably have district elections imposed by a federal 
court. District elections allow representation for 
minority communities. Guess how many Latinos San 
Diego has ever had on a citywide City Council. One. 
Propositions F and G 

Professional, non-police review of police actions is 
an established principle almost everywhere but San 
Diego. F would create a review board with a real 
budget and real subpoena power, reporting publicly 
to the Mayor. Systematic beatings of the type 
defended by Sheriff John Duffy might never have 
happened if Fwas already in place. G would keep the 
toothless existing system intact. 
Proposition K 

Encourages corporations to voluntarily stagger 
work hours to help ease traffic problems . 
Proposition L 

An exemption of coastal height initiative require-
ments for a mall developer who wants to revive the 
Mission Brewery. H e says it will revitalize Mission 
Hills. The former brewery isn't in Mission Hills. 

Koala Funds 
Should be Cut 
Editor: 

The Koala has done it again! 
Once again, UCSD's "humor" news-

paper - which is funded by student 
fees - has fallen into its tired old 
habit of promoting racist stereotypes 
and dehumanizing caricatures of 
people of color. 

That the Koala wO\lld do such a 
thing is certainly not surprising. Many 
students are all too familiar with its 
sordid history of blatant racism and 
sexism. Still, one would hope that the 
Koala staff would learn from its past 
mistakes and outrages and treat peo-
ple of all races and nationalities with 
respect and dignity. 

In case you missed it, we are refer-
ring to the comic strip Confucious 
Sez, which featured an anonymous 
Asian professor with thick glasses 

and buck teeth. The punch line: he 
mispronounced the word "three." Isn't 
that just hilarious? You know, he 's 
one of those foreigners who can't 
even speak English! 

What will those comedians at the 
Koala think of next? Maybe a Black 
professor who eats watermelon and 
fried chicken during class? Get it? Or 
perhaps a Latino professor who lets 
the class out early - because of a 
desire to take a siesta? Or perhaps a 
Jewish professor, . . you get the picture. 

Ironically, the Koala said in this 
same issue that it intended to turn 
over a new leaf, to try not to make 
any racist or sexist slurs this year. We 
are left to draw two possible conclu-
sions: either the Koala does not know 
that it is being racist, or that what it 
really meant to say was that it intended 
to try not to be too racist this year. In 
either case, we resent helping to sup-
port racism on campus by funding 
the Koala. 

The Koala cannot be allowed to 
continue to stir up racism in the name 
of "fun." The editors of the news-

"Paranoia and Distnlst~' 
EdItor: 

I t was with feelin .. of both nOl-
talaia and contempt that I read of 
the Guardimr's recent decision to 
eliminate from its papa any refer-
ence which miaht c:ooceivably be 
construed .. RJlilt (Guarditm, 
Oct. 17). 

My nOltaJp WIll baled on fond 
memories of the Muir ColleF 
Writ in, Pro ... am·. Non-Sexilt 
Guidelines, a ,plendid document 
from which I.learned. for example. 
that the word. nummculnhouJd be 
replaced with the non-word per-
son made whenever posaible. The 
latter term was apparently created 
out of whole doth IOlely for pur-
poses of avoidina 5Cxism; I have 
been unable to locate it in my 
Webster's N~w Un;v~rsal Un-
tlbridg~d Dictionary. 

Myc:ontempt, on the other hand, 
arose from tbe realization that the 
Guarditm had at last succumbed 
to that ,addenin, and ever more 
pervasive tread in our troubled 
times: the aacriface of linauistic 
e1epnc:e for reuons of politics. 

Sexism is not about words. It is 
about one lJI'oup of people being 
treated differently ..... another 
Jl'oup due to Fnder. And sexism 
will not be datroyM \y words, 
thouah it may be destroyed by tbe 
auitudel c:rat~ by thOle words. 
Why. then, do ~ so adamantly 

oppoIe what is. admiUedly. a noble 
attempt to brioa about IUCb an 
attitude adjustment dIroulh a 
maDi .... tioD of worela tbat il 
flawed oaly ill ib ...,. ... e awk-
ward...., 

........ ., ftieedI (DOte the 
non ............. refcrenco).),ou 
are aom. about it in elltiNly dle 
WOOl way. Let me illuaUate my 
point with a 1IrW aDeed .. 

When J fint arrived at UC$Q. 
in every way thDipcnaljiu ......... 
(foraive .... 1 mlllt in dais cue 
hope that Weblter .haJl prevail 
over Andrea Dworkin).11VaIIub-
jected to the ulual delup of pro-
.... msaad.n ches for Ql)' edif~ . 
tion. ODe dIM putic:uIarly ~UIht 
IDJ .,. was caIIecI -The Dadn, 
Oa .... at UCSD." 

·AlIf .. t ...... ldJ. ".t ... 1 Surely 
this praeatatiOil wiD enliahton me 
.. to tbe mysteries of IOciaI rtality 
aDd aUow me to '*ter relalC to the 
distaff half of the hu .... n race'" 

The pro .... m. alai, wu concen-
trated entirely witb the topic: of 
date rape. 

My point, .. JOu _vo hope-
fully already determined is this: 
Our society. ratber than teachina 
men and women how to live with 
one .nother. it breedin, nqtbina 
but paranoia and distnut between 
us. '"Seaual H ......... t .. ~1111 

.. PAhNOI4, I 

paper have already been approached 
by members of the Asian/ Pacific 
Student Alliance as well as Students 
for a Democratic Education, in the 
hopes of persuading them that this 
kind of slur is unacceptable. 

But, the editors remained intransi-
gent, refusing to print an apology in 
their second issue, which came out a 
week ago. 

UCSD may be an ivory tower, but 
this does not mean that the institu-
tionalized racism and prejudice a-
gainst people of color so prevalent in 
our society stops once you walk on 
campus. 

We call on the Koala to make a 
full apology in its next issue, and we 
ask that the A.S. refuse to fund the 
Koala in any way (including advertis-
ing) until it does so. 

In addition, we urge all concerned 
students to boycott the newspaper 
until it decides to refrain from racist 
slurs. 

Joe Wainio 
Students for a Democratle Education 

Ecology, Bush 
Do Not Mix 
Editor: 

The national League of Conserva-
tion Voters, pOlitical arm of Ameri-
ca's environmental movement, has 
endorsed Michael Dukakis as the 
only true environmentalist running 
for president. 
• Dukakis favors banning ozone-

depleting chemicals; George Bush says 
let industry take care of the problem. 
• Dukakis supports a 50 percent 

reduction in acid rain; Bush won't go 
that far. 
• Dukakis favors massive develop-

ment of solar and renewable energy 
sources; Bush wants more oil drilling 
and radioactive waste-generating nu-
clear power. 
• Dukakis wants federal leadership 

in cleaning up water pollution; Bush 
supported President Reagan' veto of 
the Clean Water Act. 

A majority of American citizens 
agree that environmental is ues are a 
top priority. We can sustain a strong 
national and global economy only 
with a healthy environment . 

Jobs, food and housing for eve-
ryone will not be possi ble without the 
wise use of resources and the preser-
vation of quality air, soil and water. 

We desperately need the strong 
environmental leadership that Du-
kakis will provide to move u deci-
sively toward saving the Earth. 

Jim Jacoblon 
Coordinator, 

AIUance for Survlul 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION Monday, OClob~r U . 1988 5 

Q and A: What should Reagan do before he leaves office? 

Undergo shock therapy 
to relieve the chronic 
symptoms of fchizophrenic 
dualism and manic neuro-
tic tendencies. 

Bob BeUerue 
Sophomore, Warren 

History 

Paranoia 
Continued from pale 4 

the Guardian's front page. "Be-
ware rape!" froths the Women's 
Resource Center. And those of us 
who never really planned or 
wanted to harass or rape anyone 
can only stop and wonder if it's 
even possible for men and women 
to co-exist peacefully on the same 
planet. Everywhere we look, it's 
there, a little something to remind 
us that men and women aren't the 
same and never will be. This 
entire "freshpenon" business is 
only the latest example. 

Permit me to pose to you a 
question when you read the 
"word" freshp~rson, do you con-
tinue to breeze through the remain-
der of the article in an equality-
minded, non-sexist stupor? Or do 
you stop, your linguistic sensibili-
ties hopelessly jarred by this pre-
posterous philological construc-
tion, and say to yourself, "Hey, 
why do you suppose they feel like 
they have to invent words like 
that?" The answer is clear to me. 
Freshperson makes you think, 
certainly, and under most circum-
stances I would applaud that. But 
how does it make you think? It 
makes you think, I maintain, in 
terms of antagonism, hatred and 
fear. 

I was not a sexist when I arrived 
at UCSD, though I'm afraid I 
may have become one since. I 

LA JOLLA ACADEMY 
OF ADVERTISING ARTS 

Specialized De{Jees 
In Advertising I 
Graphic Design 

Financial Aid 
Placement Assistance 

For information call 

459-0201 

Apologize! He's made a 
lot of mistakes in the past 
eight years. 

Patti Little 
Junior, Third 

Bio-enpneerinl 

I think he should make 
sure the budget is what it 
should be for the next 
president so that no one 
will suffer of lack of funds. 

BiDy Jones 
Junior, Third 

Enaineerinl 

KSDT is Apolitical 
Editor: 

I would like to clarify a simple point about the article describ-
ing the protest against Bush and the purp.0rted involvement of 
K.SDT (GuardilJn, Oct. 17). 

At K.SDT, there is a wide assortment of rational political 
views. This does not hinder us from working together har-
moniously. 

It is important to us that we preserve the entity of K.SDT as an 
apolitical concept. K.SDT, as a student-run station, talces no . 
stance on any political issue within or outside of the university 
community. 

The reported involvement of the K.SDT member in the protest 
was on a purely personal level. 

fully expect, incidentally, that this 
letter will bring down upon me 
the full wrath of the feminist 
community. I feel, however, that 
the personal risk I am taking will 
be well worth the result if even 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Nftd nol be nIMnslve 
S,nciet CoIk,r 

Stlltk", Pro".", 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
InlurlnCI Broklrl 

/"",,,,,1,' 004 ' ... of 1111 . 
JUI Camino 

D.I Rio Norlh 
nl~ 

WUUam Guiney 

one unsuspectingyoungJreshman 
is spared the indoctrination of 
hostility and anger that have made 
me doubt that which should never 
have been doubted. 

Le". CaD 

r 'Enjoy the Juidest-l 
I Burgers in town I 

i2 I forI I I I 
I Buy any hamburger, I I sandwich or gyros and I 
I get a second one I 
I FRlI! I I I 
I JEFF'S BURGERS I 
I 2152 Avenida De La Playa I 
I Lo Jolla ShOf9S 454-3038 I 
L Muol_' c:ouoon E*'"< ,, /7/8& J 

. He should open up the 
White Housefor a tran-
sient free-for-all and pro-
vide all sorts of exotic 
refreshments. 

Debbi Younl 
Junior, ReveDe 

Lit,/Writing 

As little as possible. 
Mark Foskey 
Grad student 

Math 

Photos and interviews by AU Sadiahlan 

EARN 
EXTRASS 
Earn S88 every month. 
Donate plasma. Study 
while you help others. 

New Hours For Your 
Convenlenc\,,: Open 

Until 6 PM Mon.-Thurs. 

For informa[lon call 
226-1733. 

Essential Biologics 
3340 Kemper St. #101 
San Diego. CA 92110 

OfIEN 7 DAYS 

, ...... , 
I ~.y tile dU'fereace , •• , 
• re ..... ne.t nair ReIHQI • 
• I1UDINT DIICOUImI eyebrow shaping • 
• lip • chin. breast • 
• bikini line . arms • 

• • 
• 30% Off::.m.... • 
• • Professional treatment with . 
• understanding and core • 

· d3 Clore ~e([e's • 
• StudiO of • 
• r.lectrolog~ . 
• 450-5050 • 
• 3251 Holiday CI. 51e. 203A • 

LA JOLLA . ABOVE ST GERMAIN'S 
., ...... ., 

6 
TAN DAYS 

$25 WolffSy.em 
Br1ng this ad and student 1.0 . • Expll8S 10/31/88 

FOREVER TRIM. TAN 
Villa La Jolla at La Jolla Village Drive 

3251 Holiday Ct. Ste. 204 
Near UC5D. Above 

. St. Germain's 455-0909 
Rotlt's . in tlte alley in P. B. * 

FUTONS OR FRAMES 
FUTONS 
Twin 6" 170; 8" $90; 
Full 6" t8O; S" $100 
Queen 6" 590; S' 5110 
KingS" 5130; S" 5150 

$3900 ~=-~ 
Twin 3" Futon 

or 
FUl on cover s 
full or Queen 

4·WAY LOUNGER 
Twin S50. Full S58 
Queen 182. King $130 
FULL "SY" FRAME $139 
(Couch w/ arm •. folds ~Iongated) 
STORE HOURS· OPEN 
Thurs. 5-S pm; Fr!. 12·5; 
Sat. 10 am·S pm 

Mon.·Wed. appointments 
275·3418 or 569·7081 

5% DISCOUNT 
When you buy a futon and frame herein. 

except "SY". of the same size al the same 
time. Sorry. no credtt cards accepted. No 
deliveries. No vehicle loading assistance . 

suggest ion: bring a helper . 
WE CARRY INVENTORY. 

·Pacific Beach · 967A Beryl I (in alley 
between Law and Bery l. west 011 Cass) 

From Garnet Ave. turn north on Cass St .. 
eo 7 blocks to Beryl. 



6 Monday, October U, /988 

EDITOR 
IN 
A 

Box 

OPINION 

ing was good for us in one respect. 
Being from the Bay Area, I decided 
to move to San Francisco for the 
summer. 

We lived eight blocks from 
each other and spent every day 
together. We played with my dog, 
spent days watching TV and went 
to a lot of A's games. I felt like I 
had been given a reprieve. I knew 
these summer days would torture 
me later, but the fall seemed far 
away. 

Editor in a box appears every Monday, written by a different 
Guardian edilor. 

September came and I moved 
back to San Diego and school. He 
moved into a new apartment, 
complete with two attractive fe-
male roommates. Promising t9 
try a long-distance relationship, 
we mapped out our weekend vis-
its for the next three months. 
Maybe it would be even better 
this way, we thought optimis-
tically. 

A Leavetaking 
By CYNTHIA CAMPBELL 
Associate Arts Editor 

The whole idea of an Editor in 
a Box annoyed me. Having to 
write one annoyed me more. I 
doubted anyone cared to read 
about my tips for a happy life, my 
personal relationships, or whether 
I'm capable of having sex. 

Stuck with the task, I decided 
on the second item. A previous 
Ed in a Box documented the blos-
soming of a relationship. Twist-
ing that theme, I chose to write 
about the end of one. 

The beginning of the end was 
the date of his graduation, ap-
proximately two years before 
mine. Our college relationship was 
very close, very safe. We went to 
the same school, knew the same 
people, and lived in neighboring 

condos. We shopped at the same 
grocery store. 

After four and a quarter years 
here, he was more than ready to 
say goodbye to UCSD. We were 
both scared . He was scared about 
surviving. I was scared of losing 
him. 

Unfortunately, the San Diego 
job market proved uninteresting 
and uninterested. Chronic unem-
ployment took its toll on the rela-
tionship. His energy focused more 
and more on finding a job. The 
more distance I felt , the more I 
grasped for attention. 

A part of me had always as-
sumed he would stay in San Diego 
and his willingness to leave was 
disillusioning. 

Northern California seemed to 
promise him more, and in May, 
five months after graduating, he 
moved to San Francisco. The tim-

My life centered aroiJnd the 
same things - school, work and 
lame parties. The things his life 
centered around were unknown 
to me, people I'd never seen, and 
places I'd never been. My insecur-
ities and imagination ran ram-
pant. My tales of homework and 
long hours .n the Guardian paled 
in comparison to his stories of 
new friends and nights out. 

But we still looked hopefully to 
his first visit . 

When it came, the image of a 
joyful reunion was quickly shat-
tered. A breakup was inevitable 
but neither of us wanted to do it. 
We certainly didn't want to face 
it. We broke up on the second day 
of his visit, but he stayed three 
more - not very smart. He came 
to class with me and we pretended 
everything was all right. 

But he still had to go back and 

The University Bookstore 
welcomes 

San Diego author Terry Eaton 
who will sign copies of 

her acclaimed new book 

~oy Before Night 
The Last Years of Evelyn Eaton 

Wednesday October 26, 1988 
11 :30 a.m. -1 :30 p.m. 

--
........................ 

--~ .......... 

The UCSD Guardian 

Protest Story was Biased 
Editor: 

Regardin. the "Students Rally Apinat BUlb Scripps Stop" 
(GU4I'd1"n, Oct. 17). I am completey taken aback. 

first, there were far more BUlh IUpportm tban you implied 
and fewer tban 50 protesters. The Bush IUpporteR outnurUeNcl 
the protcsten at Ieut three to one. How do I kDOW? I wu the .... 

The picture you pdaIed showed only one-balf oftbe proCIIMr/-
supporter area. Inuilecliate1y to tbe riaht of your picture ..... 
approximately 20 BusIt ...... and two DukakiI.ipI. EyOD the 
picture you priDted showed six BuIll .... five Dutati ...... 
--completely .booa., dowD your OWD cIaia. 

~ five 01_ .......... that die police .. .....,... 
DubD ... from ......,.bii •. • n.a. -Datalril ... - wen 
miDe. TIley WIn ........... MIl ..... tbem .. .",. 
picture. n. ............ ph _.au ....... at WIatI:a 
potioe ...... WMt I aw .. a .... coopenilive 
and.."...ti .. ofbadt ... 1...... ..... .... ...., 
ODt8::' ...... ~!.~ n.aur, D4'UbIIiliaL opIIIlOM __ be rill'" tor- me ........ ,editOriII 
pqe and not allowed in the DtWI. 

Malik , ... 

(EdiltW~ 1tOIt: W • ..,. tIwt ,,,,,/IIttIf.,,..,, ... ,.,., 1M 
fuJI lcopl O/IM"""""~, ~ n.td by OW IIory,) 

find a job. More than that, he 
liked his life there and liked it bet-
ter than San Diego. And I liked 
mine here. 

The worst part was knowing I 
could n 't really be angry with him. 
He had been my best friend for a 
year-and-a-balf. I felt left, but he 

hadn't left me. He didn't cheat on 
me or mistreat me. Hejust sort of 
kept going with his life. ] couldn't 
hate him for tbat , much as I 
wanted to. A long distance rela-
tionship is hard, harder still at an 
age when you have to go out into 
the ~real world" and leave behind 
everything that's familiar. 

Read It 
and 

Recycle It! 

Author Terry Eaton, daughter of subject Evelyn 
Eaton, is herself a published poet and writer. 
The grandmother and mother of four is also a 
professional actress. She appeared most re-
cently in the New York production of Holy 
Ghosts. Terry Eaton was born in France and was 
eoocated in Er9and, canada and \he U.S. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 

Del Mar 
Grand Prix 

The Camel Grand Prix of Southern California, 
final race of the season in the International Motor 
Sports Association series, was run at the Del Mar 
fairgrounds this weekend. 

Sunday's main race featured cars of the 'GTP' and 
'GTP-Lights' classes. The winning car was a Jaguar 
XJR9-GTP (pictured left, being prepared for the race) 
driven by Jan Lammers of the Netherlands and Mar-
tin Brundl; of England. 

Lammers and Brundle completed the two-hour race 
atan average speed of69.838 mph, covering 141 miles. 
Lammers led early in the race, but Brundle spun after 
taking over halfway through the race, dropping sev-
eral places before getting back on track. 

The Jaguar was left to fight its way back through 
traffic, finally passing a Porsche 962 driven by Klaus 
Ludwig of West Germany to regain the lead. Ludwig 
finished second, followed by Frenchman Bob Wollek 
in another Porsche 962. 

The GTP-Lights division victor (above) was a Pon-
tiac Firebird, driven by Dan Marvin of Berkeley, CA. 

Other GTP-Lights competitors are pictured below 
during qualifying on Saturday. Here Howard Katz, in 
the No. 70 Mazda/ Argo car, pursues AI Rocca in ~ 
No.2 Mazda/ Tiga racer. .. 

- Eric Chazankin 

"SWEAT WITH THE BEST" Lose 17-25Ibs. 
in 6 weeks. 

HIGH ENERIY AEROBIC WORKOUTS 
• Several classes daily • No contracts 
• Certified instructors • Pay per workout or per month 
• High & low impact classes • Babysitting available 
• Floating suspended wood floor • Full locker room facilities 
• Fitness and nutrition counseling. Exercise physiologist on staH 

OPEN TO THE PUIUC - FIRST VISIT FREE 
M. Lalry Lawrence Jewish Community Center 

4126 Executive Dr. 
(Located between 1-5 & 1-805 North of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

For class schedule and prices call 457-3030 
(For further details contact Ken Rosenthal Aerobics Director. 

Y.1l1 e,/l) <i f) it . .. llilhollt ~lli>l s. 
II rugs. pills.llr ~pl'l'Ial roods . . ;11111 
II ilhOlll k l'lilll! hllngl,). l lIllr 0 1\ Il 
IIt'rsolial ('olilisdol' 1\ ill shOll >ou 
hllll .. . aml SW) II ilh )Oll \' \1'1) S[{'P 
,,[ thl' lin). \ lIl1r firsl cOlls lllta tion 
IS rl'('('. Ca ll 1111\\ . 

• 3202 Governor Dr. Ie. 204 587-1775 
r-------------, 
I FREEWEEK I 
LI \\hen youjoiJl ror 6 w('t'ks .JI 
-------------

Monday, October 24. /988 7 

AWomans 
Choice .•. 

• Free PregllanC)1 res/bIg 
• Ear(v Pregnancy 7/isting 
• Pregnancy Termination 

• General or local Anestbesia 
• Affordable Birth COlltrol 

• Diagnosis & Treatment of Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases (STDs) 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

Call tbe College Line 
619' 535'1379 

for Stude"t Discou"t 
Offices TIJro",IJo"t SOlIlHrlf C41i/orlfill 

GRADUATING 
SENIORS 
interested in helping 

plan the 1989 Warren College 
Commencement ceremony 

Contact the Warren Dean's 
office by October 31st 

in the 
Warren Provost Building 

534-4731 



8 Monda),. October U, 1988 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 
• WIIY MONDAY 
' .... "10 p ••• - Asian Nnerican Chris[lan ~llows/1op. 
8ib~ study and worship. For Information c.11i Ka!hl)ln at 
455-1475. International Cern<. 
MONDAY, ~ M 
7 .. p ... - Chi ~ Chrisban Fellowship WIll be 
..-ting. 1!Ne1~ Formal lDunge 
TUUDAY. OC'TOeD H 
Nooft.1"p .•. - BIBLESTUOY - Tl'is __ 'llbe 
going through chapter three 0/ ~ Gospel Of Ma<Ic E~ 
one Is irM[~. SO c~ ~am about Jrsus ChnS! and be 

riChly/~. Studo!nt Cen~ Multi-Pu~ Room. 
,-.. .. p ..... - EYES ON THE PRIZE - A _Iy 
8i~ Study ~rles sponsor~ by the lllited Campus Monis-
try. If)OU are in[erest~ in open discussion. ~arning about 
the B,ble. build'ng Christian community - p~aS<! join u.s. 
Meetlngs are held In Studo!nt Cerner Bldg "B." South 
Conference Room. 
7.10 p ••• - SCRIPTURE SHARING - Join us for a 
discussion aoout how thr Bible applies [0 our lives. Span-

sor~ by the catholic Student Coordinators. LWversity 
Luthrran Church. comer of N. Torrey PInes and LA Jolla 
Shores [)rNe 
TUUDAY-SAlUIIDAY I. p .•. - catholic Mass. Sponsored by the catholic 
Community a[ UCSO. LnYersity Luthrran Church. comer 
or N. Torrey Pines and LA Jolla Shores Dri¥e. 
.-oug,tAY, ~,. 
.... p ... - Calling a li hungrystudentsl Dimer is served 
by thr Lutheran Community at UCSO each \IVeCInesOay. 
AU are WI!Ic~. ~ty Luthrran Church jacrms from 

_IeCol~l. 
'100 p ... - Bible srudy.John 5. ~ by lutheran c.1mpus 
Pastor .John ~. Open to aU . ~ Luthrran 
'Church liICImS from _Ie CoI~l. 
'110 p ••• - ~nesd;Iy Night DiscUSSIOns - IIIHI'I T A 
CONTEMPORARY CA THOUC BEUEVES ABOUT JESUS, 
SIN. SEX AND SCRIPTURES: Join us for a S<!Cond in a series 
- a s[lmuladng look a[ current tapia 01 interest. Span-
sor~ by [he catholic Student Coordinators. ~ 
Lutheran Church. catholic Lounge. Comer 01 N . Torrey 
PInes and La JoI'" Shores Dri¥e. 
... p ..... - " lrMtaoon to Oisdpleshlp." a nrN Christian 
'nqulrers S<!mlnar. begins !he ftrs( of seYen _Iy 5e'-
sIons. ~ by c.1mpus Pastor John Huber. Free and ~ to 

~.lk1ive1sity Lu~ran Church lacross from_Ie 
CoI~l· 

"10 p..... - candlelight Mass. Sponsor~ by !he 
catholic St~nt Coordinators at UCSO. A quiet, ~ita­

~ time lor shanng with others . un~rsity l.utheriIn 
Churcl' corner of N. Torrey PInes and La Jolla Shores 
Dri¥e. 
LMftCtI 'n' ~ with ~ Doug"'s Slotnick. OfIice 01 
f/eligious Affairs. 
ntUllSOAY, 0CT0ePt Z7 
, ... p ..... - Bi~ Study - Ef:'scopal college studentS 
51. EIizabeth's Church. 2825 Merton AYef'IUe. For Intornv-
tIon. call Fr. 8<11 MaheCIy at 565-6661. 
PlllDAY, oc:TOemI H 
.... p_. - UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY sponsors a 
monthly ~ nlte sodal . Join us for lood and fellowship . 
lIVe _ a[ 6 p.m. on the steps in front of !he I~tional 

C~. " you are looking for a good time with other 
ChristiMls on campus. then this is !he place to be on a 

~ night. Campus Ministry OIIIce. ~ Center 
Bldg. " 8." 

Sf4~T IDVICa and One!! CeleOratlon. Mande-
,"lie Suite. T10ga Hall. Muir C~. 
lUNDAY, ~ 10 
.... 81M! 1 ....... _ - Episcopal Church IIforship 
SeMce: Sunday Eucharist and Pansh fellowship. Good 
5arTYrltan Episcopal Church. 4321 Eastgate Mall - across 
Genesee from ~asl end of campus. north of La Jolla IIII~ 

· OriYe. Intersection of Eastgat~ Mall and Genesee. 
........ - Catholic Mass. Sponsor~ by the C.chOlic 
Community at UCSO. LnYersity Lutheran Church. comer 
01 N. Torrey PInes and La JoI'" Shores 0riYe. 
........ - College age class for stuciy and felloWShip 
held ~kly within easy access [0 campus. Sponsor~ by 

lXO[~ campus M'nlstry - UCSO. a[ Torrey Pines Chris· 
tian Church. 8320 LA Jolla Scenic Orr,oo,. North. For Infor· 
mation. call 453-3550. 
,0a00 •••• - Sermon. " The Church -1..o\Ie l[orChange 
It. " during the Reformation Sunday celebration sponsored 
by Luthrran campus ""'MIstry ~ to all. ~ 
Luthrran Church lacross from Revelie Col~l· 
.... 8IM! .... p .... - catholic MaSS Sponsor~ by the 
Catohlic Community at UCSO. lJniYersity Lutheran Church. 
cor~ 01 N. Torrey PInes and LA JoI'" Shores Dri¥e. 

UCTURE 

......... p ••• - LSSO proudly sponsors iI seminar by 
KMen Zetget' and NanCy l.eIoy. !he coordinators for ~ 

T~Sachs Prevention ProgrMTl 01 califomiil They wi~ dis-
cuss current pr<!llentlon techniques and genetJc COUI'lS<!l-
Ing lor families aIIected with Tay Sachs ~ome. InterN-
donal cerur Lounge. 

DISCUSSION 
MONDAY. OCTOeU'. 
, ... p ••• - How many of these birth control methods 
can a Student Health AcM:>cate describe dunng a birth 
control session [odily 7 Condom. spo<mIcides. foam. cr~MTl • 
jelly. suppository film. sponge. F AM .• diaphragm. pill, 

~I cap. male and female SterlUzatlon . .. 
1UGDAY.~.H 
_ -l.I:ihatl You ,,-"'t heard aDout sp<!rmlcldal film 
or cetw:al caps7 he they awl~ at Student Heai1t17 
Find out today i[ noon at Student Health·s Birth Control 
SessIon. Forlnlormition. call 5~·2669 Secondnoor train-
ing room. SHS. 
w.DNUDAY, oaoe •• Z. 
_-IIyou·reseoruallyactiYe. what Is the bes[method 
of birtll control lor )OU 7 And out about some dedslon 
making tips from a Student Health M\IOca[~ at noon 
today al the Birth Con[rol ~ssIon. Second IIoor ua!rWng 
room. Sludent Health SeMce. 
THURSDAY. QCTOeE. 27 
, ... , .... - SSE stanc:JS for lNt's right. ~ast ~K 
Ex.1m. Something women snould do once a month. I..rarn 
abOut BSE. pellllc exam. I~. and nutritional tips at 
the Well·Woman SesSIon today at 2 p.m . ~ond IIoor 
training room. SHS. 
ORGANIZAnONAL MEETING 
MONDAYS 
.... , ... - Interest~ in SPORTS MEDICINE7 ~ 
dub on campus is looking lor interested studenCs -
ple_ attend our meetings at 6 p.m. MoncUys in PH 103. 
Questions or comrnMts di~ to Uzzie at 558-8018. 
'lUUDAY, 0CT0emI :IS 
.... , .... - Society 01 \IIorT1en E~rs general_-
Ing. Oiscussion and planning of upcoming _ . ~ 
~ IrMted. ~. I'&lIll7. 
RECREATION/HEALTH s.RVlca 
MONDAYS 
E~ wonder how fit)OU really are 7 Want to IHm more 
aIXlut fitness7 Well. COME ON DOWN to the F.I.T. Stop 
for )OUr free fitness ~I Sign up for an appoint-
ment NOIIVI ~ Room. Student Heai1t1 SeMees. 

'lUUDAYS 
'0a00 •••• -_ - The alarm rings. a hand _Iy 
r~aches out for the ~ botton ... SoI.nd famililr1 \IVeI1. 
this tirnejust say NO and drag )OUneftdown to the F.I .T. 
stop lor )OUt' FREE fttness assnsmercl Mak~ an appoint-
ment todayll Resource Room. StucIent Health ~. 
THURSDAY. 0CT0eU Z1 
5 .. 1 p ..... - Thur>day Night Dinner - Ho~ food 
and great company. Come for a good timo! and great food 
for only 12. SPOl',sored by the catholic Studen[ Coordina-
tors. unMmlty lutheran Church Catholic Lounge. comer 
of N. Torrey Pine's and La Jolla Shores DrM. 
SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 

~Y, 0CT0UIt Z4 
., ...... -".10 p ... - ADUlT CHILDREN OF 
AlCOHOliCS. This group ~>Cpiores the Impact of pareruJ 
alcoholism on adult children of atcohoi/cs. with ~s 
on WiI)'5 [0 tranSform Into assets the ctildhood coping 
strategies that commonly becomr IiaOiHtJes in adulthood. 
I..rd by I.Jndsey Nper. 534-0249. and Tyler GaIlrfej. call 
LJndsey lor information. 1003 HUL 
" ...... p ••• - GENERAl THEIIN'Y GROUP FOR 
WOMEN. Tl'is group will focus on concerns common 
among uncIrfgraduate women. Including reCalionship 
issues. family or origin. work and seII-est~m. StresS and 
-.ping female Identity. 1..rd by Undsey Alper and carol 
I..r8oeuI. call Undsoy at 534-0249 for a preHminary 
appointment bdore Coming to the group. 1003 HUL 
.......... p ••• - RECOVERING Ff/OM EATING 015-
ORDEfIS GROlJ' IRED III. This 's a group for students 
wishing to ""","come an eating disorder. I..rd by K.arla 
Materna and Kathy Kashima. For a preliminary appoint-
ment before coming to the g roup. plea~ call Karla at 
534-2237 or Kathy at 5~-3585. 1003 HUt... 
TUUDAY. ocroeu:ll 
.... 10a00 ...... - GfIY/BISEXlJ,o\l MEN'S SUf'l'()RT 
GROUP. ThIs is a confidential support group exploring 
issues r~leVant to gay and Di~Xl.lal men. I..rd by Craig 
_ . 534-3755. Call Craig lor. brid prei,minary 
appointment ~tore cornong to !he group. Third ~ 
Dean 's OtI'ice. 
...... 10 p ..... - RECOVERING FROM EATING 015-
ORDEfIS GROUP IRED 1111. This is a group for SIudo!nts 
who wish to ~rcome ~ating disorders. A preliminary 
appointment is nKes5a1)l before coming to the group. The 
group Is ~ by ~rI)I Harju. 534-3'187. and f/eina.Jla-
rez. 534-3875. Call _Iyto makeanappointrMnt 1003 
HUL 
.... ,.lOp_. - HISPANIC WOMEN·SGROl.". Tl'is is 
a · group lor Hispanic women tNt locuS<!S on personal. 

I~I and academic Issues. Led by Undsay cal-
deron. call lindsay at 534-.3035 lor InIormatlon. M0un-
tain VIew l.oIJtV. 

~Y.~-
1 .... " ......... - GIIAOlVITE \lIOMEN'S GIIOU'. 
~al discussion 01 personal. ~~. fa"-
and _ Issues shared bylAoOll'len~ studentS. Led 
by Mir;'" IosupcMci and f/eina JuMez. OIl MlriMn at 
534-0255. or Rena at 534-3875 for inIoNnaDon or • 
prdminary appointment befor~ corrWIg to the group. 
1003HUL 
, ... ,.10 p ••• - RECOVERING FfIOM EATING 015-
ORDEIIS Gf/OUP I RED 1111. This group is for students who 
wish to CMfcome eating disorders. A prrimlnary ap-
pointment is neassal)l before coming to ~ group. The 
group Is led IleYer1I)I Harju and Carol LriDNf. Call1eYor1y 
at 534-3987 for an appointrne<lt. 1003 HUL 
......... p ••• - CHICANO/HISPANIC/lJITINO 
SUI'POfIT Gf/OUI'. Tl'is is a support group 10< Chicano/ 

Hispar1ic/~no gr...oo.t~ and undergr~ studonts. 
I..rd by Dan Munoz and Undsay calderon. Call Dan at 
534-1579 for information. MounUin IIIew Loungr. 
,"~y, OCI""Z7 
, ... , ... p ••• - STRESS MANAGEMENT GROUP. A 
workshop designed to reach methods of relaxing and 
dealing with stress and~. 1..rd by ICathy Kashima. Call 
K.athy at 5~·3585 for information. 2126 HSS. 
1 ... 'aHp ••• - GRADC..I'I TE MEN'SAND WOMEN'S 
GROUP. A _Iy group lor graduate students interested 
In elCpk:>nng relationships. ~prolesslonai Issues 
and personal conc~ns . ~ by Mlrl.m Iosupovlcl and Paul 
Holt. Call Mir"'m a[ 5~-o255 for a preliminary ,nt~ 
before COOlIng to the group. Mountain VIew Lounge. 
, ... , ... , ••• - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE £l'.T-
ING GROUP This group Is for s~ who wish to 
O\Ief'comr compuIslw ~ating . The group Is ~ by !Car'" 
Materna and Marlil Schick. Call Karla at 534-2237 lor a 
prellmiNry appointment before coming to the group. 
l003HUL 

I~ p.-. - PEf/SONIIIl GROIXITH GROUP. TI'os 
group Is for persons i~ested In exploring their rNtiOn-
ships. learlng hOW they ar~ perceMs by others. QeveJop-
irlg trust In Ihe~ Mld 0It1ers. and e>!presslng them-
selli6 rully and openly. The group is led by.John Andrews 
and UndsayCalderon. CIII JaM at 534-0250 or LJndsay ~ 
534-.3035 IC1r iI Drld' preUminary InterIIieW 1003 HUL 

..... .......... - PUGHTOF THE EAGLfTS: MISI2ring 
Ufe Away From Home. Tl'is is. support group deslgned ID 
fadlltate the ~tation process 01 ~ studenIs IM10 
"-recently"""""" ~ from home and IMIo arr eJCpf"" 
iMdng anJdety. depresslon. homesJcIcness. guilt. anger. 
and a myriad 01 ottw:r fftIngs to_dS IamlIy .w2 friends 
left bd1incl. Special focus wiN be on Ieamong to _ aItft 
and liking it. The group Is led by fIeIN ..wrrz. 534-3875. 
2126 HSS, 
.... .... ..... - SOCIAl SKIW GlIOUI'. This group 
will focus on dewloplllg sldtls for meeting with OCher 
peopIe.~. ~ and general comfort 
in groups. Led by Undsay CaidM:In. 534-3035 • .w2 Paul 
Holt. 534-1725. 1003 HU.. 
I'IIIDAY, 0C1'0MII. 
Jail .... ,.... -AlCOHOlAND SUBSTANCE AIiU5E 
UROU'. K you "--. asked "00 I '- • probIem7·. 
chancrs _ )OU do '- a few things to talk ~ 

~ SIUdmts please call Dan Munoz at 534-1579 
lor Information. The group is IN by Dan Munoz .w2 ~ 
GabrIel. f/eII!IIe Pro\Iost's 0I11ce. 
...... 10 ..... - CAMPUS IlLACK FORUM. A _Iy. 
Informal group on the issues. concerns and quality 0I1lfe 01 
the Black community at UCSO. I..rd by 1'1111 RapI\aI!I. 534-
0252. and friends. MountaIn ~ Lounge. 
SATURDAY, ~ 2t 
........ -hOO p •• _ - COME GET YOUR CAlI 
ClEAN ... It·s almost Halloween (and get Itee candy. t0081. 
'!he Catholic Sludmt Coordinators are sponsoring a car 
wash at !he t...\'WefsJty Lutheran Church parking Iol. '!he 
cost Is onty 53K Join us for SOnII!! good ~ fI.n and free 
HllIo_ CMICty! 

ACADU1IC SERVICES 
IIIONDAY....aAY 
........ __ IIIIONDAY 81M! ~Y .... I •• 
, ••• - Honors workshops and indMduaI ~stanU for 
freshmen and sophomOres. '!he WO<IIShop will focus on 
the short paper. ~ essay exam • .w2 the proresor as a 
partner. Students will '- the opportunity to 19m , 
word processing system. SI\ s~ ate espedaIIy 
encouragedtoapply. 011 FarreN _~ 534-2284 for 
II"U- information and/or appoi~ USB 4070. 
........ -4110 p ..... 81M! n.sDAY 81M! nfUIII. 
DAy ......... p ..... - The ~ Program pro-
\/ides assistance to students whOse first tanguq Is not 
English. and to ~ doing _ In .Japanese. Spanish. 
French. German. 1-IeDr<!W. ~ and othrr lan-
guages. A diagroStiIc test on \MItten English as a second 
"'nguag<! Is avail<lbie on request. Call 534-2284 for more 
information. USB 40tO. 
............... p ..... - OMlS \IVritIng cerur oIiI!rs 
free service lor all UCSD studonts who need pre-wrItIng 
help. con~es on drafts and editing acMce. lIVe 
engage any kind of writing and "'I kind 01 writing proo-

~. Conferences are by appoJt IMellt only. EwnJng 
appointments are also ~ at w.ren ApanmenCs 
and Muir CoIltge. IForruft r~oIseMas_thelNdooi 
the current classschedulel. Call 534-2284 or comr by USB 
4010 to mater an appoJnIrnenl This ~ is aIIallab1e 
throughout !he quarter. ~ by the OASIS ~ 
Center. USB 4010. 
IIONDAYS __ I'IBDAYS 
........ p .... ___ II .... , .... ZOOO po •• 
........ _, - The OI'.SIS GM IGrammar , Mechanlcsl 
\IIor1uhOp is desqIed tor students wtIoW ftrst language Is 
not Engllsh and IM10 would Iter ID wort< on dIttfjIIng c.Jc 
gr...-.rnaclcal concepa and appI)WIg them In ~. 
syRematiC series 01 practical elIefdSft.AI1 -me.-... 
will be 1Md. All work wiN be ~ In !he CO<UlIt 01 
!he WO<IIShop. USB 4010. 
MONDAY, 0C1'0MII at 
" ......... - INTEIIVIE'tIIlNG SiClW \IIOIiCSHOP. 00 
you nr«t help In preparing for job inlet oIeWS7 c-
Seflllces Center wi" prCIIIIIde tips on thr _ \oVIIyS ID 
pme1t )'OUr quaIIIc.atIonS and what kind oIlrUn11ew 
questIonS to ellP«!- Career SeMczs Center. 
, .............. - OIIOI4N ADVISING HOURS: For 
help IIndingdesir" part-fJme""4lkl7'loa .. _" •• 111 
carftf' goM. searching tor jobs or ~ proIesskInII 
or gr.a.ate school oppottunItIeS. No appolt ,_ It.--
S¥. just walk-in. career ~ Center 

'lUUDAY.~. 
' ..... Ih .. _. - Memory and ConcenIralion 
WOrttshOp sponsorecI Dy OASIS IINdIng and Study SId1Is 
ProW"', Intrn-.aI CerRr COl 1fIrI .. ace room. I'.dmIs-
sian is frft. 
, ........ - THE MAlKETI'.It.E IIESUME 1I1/ORIC-
SHOP. LHm how ID contruct.~ reume 
thai wi. make you -.cI our from !he crowd. c.-

~CI!tWe' . 
Ih .. "lIft - EXAM Prep 1IOtIrkshop. 5ponso<ed by 
OASIS IINCIIng and Study SId.. ~. Intemarlonll 
Center ~ room. 
, ......... - EFFECTIVE.JOB SEARCH STlIATEGY. 80 
percent 01 all job vacandeS an unadIIert/Sed. This worIc-
Shop wtlIlNCh you thr most eIfecIM! way to f1ncI tIItin 
c.- SIMcrS cerur. 
I ....... ~ - OIIOP-IN ADVISING HOURS: For 
help witn ~ goals. job huroIIn!J. reume preparacion 
or eoopIaring professional Of grack.llle school oppoRUnI-
tiles. No appoJntrnenI necessary. just walk-In. c-Ser-
\/Ices Center. 
.... p.-. - TEACHING ORIENTATION. Considering 
an ~degree7 LNm how to prepare for admission. 
IndudIng the appIlcadon process. car- SeMces C~. 
WBMil/ilAY. ~ • 
h .. po •• - ON-CAMPUS INTERVlEIIVING ORIENTA-
nON. K you an k_~ In partidpating In !he c.-
SmIICes Center's on<ampuS klleOlIIrwIng program this 
~. It Is mandatory thai you attend one 01 theSe 
orifonLltlons before you irItenIIew. c.-SeMces C_. 

The 
Weekly 
calendar 

, ........ p ••• - DRC:'-IN ADVISING HOURS: for 
help with ~ goals. job hunting. resume preparation 
or expbtng profesJJonal or grack.llle school oppoRUnI-
ties. No appointment necessary. just walk-in. CaIftr Ser-
lIIces Center . 
.... p.-. - CONSUlTING: THE BUSINESS OF PROB-
LEM-SOl. VlNG. Consultants. who apply their spedaIlzed 
knowledge to problems in ., variety ofl1e1dS. win dlscuss 
how they got started aM what the work Is kke. Carftr 
SeMas CenIrr. 

1HI.sDAY.~Z7 
" ....... - PRE-MEDICAl ORIENTATION. ConslcI-
enng an ac!vanced di!gree7 LHm how ID prepare for 
adrrUsIon, Including the appIcation process. Career SeM-
en Center. 
, ............. - OIIOP-IN ADVISING HOUf/S: for 
help finding desir" pMt-tlme~ CIetem*>Ing 
~ goals, job huroIIn!J. resume prepaqtIon. etc. No 
~ntmentneassary.justwalk.jn. car-SeMcesC_ 
te'. 

~Y, cx:ro.mt H 
, ....... ~ - OIIOP-IN ADVISING HOURS: for 
help wilt! QrMI' goals. job hurWing. resume preparation. 
etc. No lJIIPOIo ilIneolt necrssdary.just walk-In. c.- Ser-
IIk:rs eer-. 
Mn.aAY. ~Z9 . 
... -. - lOENTlFYING YOUR CAllEEIt.1tn alHM) 
wotIIIhap to IdenIII'y ..... QrMI'apdons 1hrougII_ 
M ~ c.- SerIIk:es cerur. 
............. 

11M,..., .......... 81M! ., ...... - thr ..... 
presera; HEAVY METAl. !he mcMe. • lUi 107. II. SO. Dol< 
oller. 52 • the door. SlIar rNdnigtI sho\IWIg. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sports Trivia 
Quiz 

SPORTS 
Guardian office, located just 
sO!Jtheast of the Humanities Un-
dergraduate Library. 

Please include your name, year 

4. 

5. 

header in the early "lOs? 
Who won the MISL (Major 
Indoor Soccer League) last 
year? 

Monday. OClob~r U. 1988 9 

Lat week' .... wen: 

I. Bulldog 
2. Five games 
3. None 

Each Monday the Guardian 
sports section presents the B.l. 's 
sports trivia quiz. AU UCSD stu-
dents, staff, and faculty are eligi-
ble to enterr except for Guardian 
staff members, Jonathan Schre-
ter, and any other former editors. 
The individual who comes up 
with the most correct answers 
each week wins two $5 coupons, 
redeemable at B.J.·s Chicago Piz-
zeria located in the La Jolla Vil-
lage Square convenience center. 

in school, major, the college you 
attend at UCSD, and your phone 

Who coaches UCLA men's 
basketball? 4. Nobody - therewasnoseries 

fi. number with your entry. Only 5. Three games, eight players 
6. 39 years one entry per person, per week, please. 

What product does Mike 
Tyson not want to share? 
(TV commercial)? 7. None - hegothislawdegree 

In the event of a tie, winners 
will be determined by a draw 
from a hat . Either mail in your 
entries to the Sports Editor, UCSD 
Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093, or drop them by the 

WANTED 
Students, Faculty, and Staff 

tired of shopping at Dealerships 
"if~ H te44e ~ "'4~ M ",.,fa de 

~ ,.. "te.t It. ,..~ ~ ",tellt It" 
CALL TODAYI 

Tim Flannery 558-8109 
Student Sales Representative 

Receive Commission/or referral sales! 
General Auto of San Diego 

I. 

2. 

3. 

This Week's Questions: 

What 52.15 million baseball 
game player recently opted 
for free agency? 
What three sports are involved 
in the ironman '5 triathlon? 
What San Diego Padre hit 
five home runs in a double-

OBSESSED 
WITH FOOD? 

Programs now 
available for: 

• Bulimia 
• Weight control 
• Compulsive eating 

La Jolla Center for 
Mood • Appettte 

Disorders 
546-4415 

If: .... Joli. VIII ••• Squ.r. )! ( (' Dent •• Group OHers You. 
~ • EVENING APPn. • INSTANT INSURANCE 

• STEREO HEADPHONES EVAlUATION I , 

7. 

8. 

9. 

10. 

What pro football team plays 
its home games in Joe Rob-
bie Stadium? 
Jerry Tarkanian coaches what 
college hoop team? 
Who is the quarterback for 
the Seattle Seahawks? 
What former SDSU quar-
terback recently signed with 
the 4gers? 

from Florida State 
8. 13 
9. Ice Plant 
10. Willie Stargell, S06 ft. 

Winner: 
Don Elder 
Grad Student - U.S. History 

No. of correct IlJ1Iwers: 10 

dermatology 
• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts, psoriasis 

• leg veins • dermabrasion and collagen 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Certified Dermatologist. 

Hours: 8:00 a.m.-S p.rn. M-F, some Saturdays. 

552-8842 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. Ste. 2130 
(behind EI Torito, just west of 1-5) 

Carl's Jr. 
UCSD 

Student 
Spedal ( ~~&~ .,I • COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 

• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• Z4 HOUIt .MIIIIG.NCY S.IIVIC. •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: BUY ONE WESIERN #.t7 ' . • ORAL SUIIG8IY .. OII WISDOM TOOTH IIXTItAC'nON 
•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EXAM & . CLEANING 
ONLY SZ9 ~:og. 

Includn: C~aning & Polishing. X-Rays. Oral Cancer E..", and PrMl[e Consultoitoorl flIpJres 12/24/88 

Offered to: students. Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thomas K. Duncan D.D.S . • David S. Eshom DD.S. 
Member: ADA. eDA. SDCDS. Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
(beh'''d K,nko's l 

· 

455-9151 

: BACON CHEESEBURGER : 
• • 

: AND g:FREE : 
• • 

• 
• 

eo ........... __ . H. 1 ... One oII'er per coupon. 
One coupon per customer per visit. Not Vlilid INith any other 

• oll'er or discount. Price does not indude tax. 
I ·Carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1988 
• ••••••••••••••••• 

® 
• 
• 
• Carl'BJr •• 

••••••• 

. WORLD CLASS OPPORTUNITY 
RESEARCH TECHNICIANS 

THE RESEARCH INSTITUIE OF SCRIPPS CLINIC is the largest free-standing 
biomedical research facility in the world . At our main La Jolla complex , mod· 
ern research laboratories house some of the world's leading medical scien· 
tisls allOWing for a close association of medicine and science. ScrippS is com· 
mltted to remaining the leader in biomedical research and offers vast 
opportunities to understand disease through Investigating processes at the 
molecular level . 

We are looking for RESEARCH TECHNICIANS with BAISS or MAIMS in the 
following diSCiplines: 

BIOCHEMISTRY 
MOLECULAR BIOl.OGY 
MICROBIOI.OGV 
BIOlOGY 
CHEMISTRY 
ORGANC CHEMSTRY 

Top consideration will be given students who have gained experience with one 
or more 01 the follOWing techniques by participating in Independent research 
projects or volunteeringlworking part-time in a research laboratory. 

• Tissue Culture (hybrldomalmonoclonal antibodies) 
• AIA's 
• DNA' techniques (C·lonlng . Sequencing. Blotting . Plasmid preps) 
• Protein & Enzyme PUrlflcatlon l lsolatlon 
• ELISA 
• HPLC 
• Organic Synthesis 
• Small an"nal work 
Our representative will be interviewing on campus through the PLACEMENT 
OFFICE: 

REPRESENTATIVE: Teresa Janda 
DATE: TUESDAY tl 11 188 

II you are unable to schedule an on-campus interview please call Teresa 
at 554·9809 to schedule an appOintment at SCRIPPS 

W SCRIPPS CLINIC ~ AND RESEARCH FOUNDATION 
10280 N. Torrey Pines Rd. , Torrey Pines Center, Ste. 305 
Dept. of Human Resources, La Jolla, CA 92037 

EOE 



_lO_Mon_da
y

, _ocrob_1!r24_' 1988 __ F EAT U R E S-----
______________________________ ~~vcrD~~~------------------------------~ 

Castro's Representative Speaks in S.D. 
By MIKE MOORE 
Contribuling Writer 

-------------------------W hen Fidel Castro's chief diplomat to the United States spoke to the World Affairs Council last week, he found 
himself in an atmosphere so inhospitable to protestors, it could 
have been likened to a marshmallow. 

The cordial visit from Castro's representative Ramon 
Sanchez-Parodi Montoto on Oct. 20 was not inspired by any 
political heat between the United States and Cuba. The World 
Affairs Council invited him to the Holiday Inn, in downtown 
San Diego, to speak on " How Cubans Look at Uncle Sam." 
The Council kept the event amiable by not letting protestors 
speak out and express their feelings about Castro. 

Sanchez had only a little to say; to wit, our countries "have to 
stan anew in our relations." 
Anti-Cutro Protestors 

There were a few anti-Castro protestors who tried to make 
themselves heard during a question and answer period. A 
Cuban-American named Sergio Mayer stood up once to say he 
was protesting Sanchez's podium on behalf of other Cubans 
living in America. 

Mayer staned to read a "resolution condemning human 
See CUBA, page 15 

Career Center Survey Finds 
UCSD Graduates Satisfied 

By J ULIE HEIMLER 
Guardian Intern 

According to the results of the 
sixth annual UCSD Career Sur-
vey, the class of 1987 produced 
the $trongest, most positive results 
since the survey began in 1982. 
UCSD's recent graduates have 
reponed the highest satisfaction 
ratings ever. 

Salaries have increased by six 
percent to an average of 522,000; 
the highest figure ever reponed by 
UCSD graduates. Job opponuni-
ties also increased, as 88 percent 
of graduates who wanted full-
time jobs were actually able to 
obtain them. 

after he was struck by how little 
was known about what happened 
to UCSD students after they 
graduated . After receiving finan-
cial support , the survey was 
staned, and has been conducted 
annually ever since. 

The survey, mailed out six 
months after graduation, is sent 
only to June graduates who have 
received bachelor's degrees. Grad-
uates who do not return the sur-
vey are mailed a follow-up survey 
approximately six to eight weeks 
later. 

is that it may be used as an 
instructive tool by the Career 
Services Center counselors. After 
obtaining and analyzing the results 
of the survey, they are able to 
provide assistance and respond to 
questions that the survey poses. 

Finally, the survey is very 
instructional for currently enroUed 
students who may have questions 
regarding occupations they wish 
to pursue or graduate programs 
they are interested in. Murray 
believes that the survey contrib-
utes "the only reliable answers to 
those questions because [it is] 
based on facts rather than general-
izations. " 

Graduates also gave UCSD its 
highest ratings yet in preparation 
and the quality of education. 
Eighty-six percent of the gradu-
ates found UCSD "excellent" or 
"very satisfactory," while only 3 
percent rated it "less than satis-
factory." 

Although only 54 percent of 
the 1,313 graduates actually com-
pleted and returned the survey, 
Murray maintains that he has 
been conducting the survey long 
enough to believe that the results 
are a very accurate indication of 
the position of the grad\ijlting 
class. The questions posed in the 
survey consist of approximately 
30 short answer or check-box rep-
lies regarding the graduates' cur-
rent jobs, their salaries, and the 
preparation they received at 
UCSD. 

Handbooks are created with 
the survey results and made 
available for currently enrolled 
students to use as a planning tool. 
For example, the handbook will 
note the exact jobs and salaries 
graduates have obtained (or the 
graduate programs they were 
accepted by) and their G PAs. 

Neil Murray, director of the Career Services Center has seen several 
upward shift s in. the survey resulls since 1982 

Ninety percent of those sur-
veyed rated their ability to cope 
with pressure as either "excellent" 
or "good." In addition, of the 
graduates who proceeded to at-
tend top graduate and profes-
sional schools, eight graduates 
have won national science fellow-
ships. Compared to past graduat-
ing classes, the 1987 graduates 
had the highest rate of acceptance 
not only to medical school (17 
percent), but law school (14 per-
cent) as well. 

The Career Survey was staned 
in 1982 by Neil Murray, the direc-
tor of the Career Services Center, 

According to Murray, the sur-
vey has several purposes. 

First, it is a good opportUmly 
for the University to assess the pro-
gress of vanous programs. For 
example, Murray has found stu-
dents' usage of the Career Services 
Center has grown. Ninety-three 
percent of the graduates inter-
viewed used the Career Services 
Center to help obtain employment 
or select graduate or professional 
schools. 

Another purpose of the survey 

Since the survey was staned in 
1982, Murray. has seen several 
upward shifts. He maintains that 
students are doing much better in 
the work force , their rate of 
employment is better, and salaries 
have not only risen, but have 
grown proportionally better. 

A second shifl is in the nature 
of the graduates continuing their 
studies at a grad uate school. When 
the survey was first conducted, 
more than one-quarter of the stu-
dents who went on to graduate 
school were in medical school. 
While medical school enrollment 

See URVEV, pap 15 

$25,000 

C> $20,000 
-S! 

~ 
-

$ 15,000 !::I 
~ 
r;: 
~ $10,000 

<:> 
:3 $5,000 ~ j .. II ~ 

~ 
0,' 

~ .. 
.., !!'? 

:is ~ ... ~ <:> ~ ~ <:> ... ..... ~ .,; 
~ ~ ~ 2i ~ .. ... ... aJ .. '" 
" @ ~ e !! ~ § ~ ... " ~ ! & ~ ~ :f 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 

c 
o 
M 
I 
C 

".' 

Pit RRISH 

) T~/Nk VOIi urn .. N'~\J HfA Q ALTO' £ lH E Il 

/' 

I ~ 
,-

, 

o 
(:) 

-~-~- ----
v--~ 

~ ROBERT'S G 
Q9 4t ~ SAAB 

German & Swedish Auto Service 
Allwo"t /Idly ..,."II .. ,Hd • Fllctory T,.IIined Specilllis" 

• MAlOR SERVICES 
, . TUNE-UPS 
• BRAKES 
• TRANSMISSION 

Spec ••• Iz'''I'nl 
• FUEL INJECTION 
• ELECTRiCAl 
• EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 8 "m-5:30 pm • SlItll"day 8 IIm-5 pm A 
'." (619)275-1132 ~ 

• 

4630 Mission Bay DrM 11-5 to Balboa ~xitJ San Diego !!IIiIII!UI,.... 
We It!it IlHd rN"() '"lIfftfli K.IHMII" 1,,,"r;ro»I;( Iv ON' r ll.d". ,,,. 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
"Excepl molor olfd /rolfsmiMion overllQItI. Noll ,.lid /A.ill, OIfY otlrer (ou/JOI/ . 

" . . 

Monday, October 24, /988 11 

Super 
Budget 
Air/ares 

(based on round /rip) 
• Caracas .. .. , .... $3.tO • Amsterdam ... . .. $.119 
• Bay Area ..... .. ... $58 • London .. . . . .. . .. U38 
• New Zealand . . .. $7'" • New York . .. ..... $278 

YOUR STUDENT TRA VEL CENTER 
UCSD Student Center 452-0630 

I Calf •• tOflfIY lor. Ir •• per.., •• ' rat • .,.ot.tio.. I 
I 586-6222 I I .Iln //in' IlIil1UI(',\ lrOll1 ("(nJlI'"' " I 
I ~TmKNOW I 
I GEICC I ~ And Affiliates J 

- ____ ClIP&SAVE ____ .. 

WANT TO 
EARN MONEY? 
BE A CAPE RUNNER! 

. 

Fkxihk hour~ . tl'mporary j oh. onl y 4 
wed,, ~ Ion!.! . Clli:d, th~ joh hoard NOW 

~ . 

and drop in for <til inteni~v. at CAPE. 

Q-314 534-2668 

-
Ii r-- ':'-

• I . ~ ~- .. -
I 1- I 

~ 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• (opies while you weit • Book Binding. Free Perking 

HOUIIz M-TH 8:3~:30, Fri, 8:3<H>, Sat 12-. 

3211 Holid~ Court, La Jolla 45-."4' 
Next To St. Germain's 

. 



12 Monday, October U, /988 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Jesuit Priest Acts on Peaceful Beliefs 
By VINCENT G. ANDRADE 
Staff Writer 

The inspiration for action may 
take many forms - a book, a 
personal relationship, but the most 
significant form is embodied in 
the inspiring act itself. The mo-
ment when phenomenal action 
realizes the idea is the watershed 
by which we mark the transition 
from the intellectual to the actual. 

Father Daniel Berrigan is an 

embodiment of this realization of 
commitment and the fruit of his 
own philosophical and theologi-
cal exploration. To see him speak, 
as he did recent ly at UCSD, is to 
see a living reminder of the wide 
gu If which separates the ordinary 
from the heroic. 

The critical spirit Berrigan 
represents to many admirers is 
valuable because it represents not 
hateful isolation, but conscientious 
involvement in the human com-
munity - the will to improve. 

Berrigan focused his lecture on 
the 1980 destruction of nuclear 
missile nose cones and classified 
plans at a General Electric plant 
in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. 
This action remains emblematic 
for Berrigan and other of their 
work for peace and disarmament. 

The group in which Berrigan is 
a participant is named Plow-
shares, a reference to the book of 
Isaiah in the Bible. Berrigan des-
cribed the work of the group as an 
embodiment of Isaiah's own goal 

of 'beating swords into plow-
hares.' 

Berrigan described Plowshares' 
symbolic gestures at K.ing of 
Prussia, Pennsylvania as giving 
recognition to the "industrial part 
of the complex of death"; a part 
which has been too easily for-
gotten. 

Berrigan asserted that corpora-
tions such as General Electric are 
granted "an enormous protection 

See PEACE, pale 13 
Father Daniel Berrigan isa peace 
activist 

The home of the 
49¢ hall1burger. 

1 j ro #~v'11/fu~m 
BACK-TO-SCHOOL 
STORAGE SPECIAL 

• iA\loii'O' . 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
n..~.!!-----------------------ALL AMERicAN-MEAL--- ~ 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

Quarter Pounder® w ith Cheese, Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink CGlhvalue: 

'1/20 on C*If II 
limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when 
ordering . Not valid with 
any other offer. 

II 
Just $1 99 II 

(plus tax) I. 
~at: I. 

tffil ~~ ... 
_iiiiiii_iiiiiiii 

7t~=~Id' 
t237 ProIped lV\ --.. 

LaJoila ,~ 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii- . 

c:uuc: 

ynnnnr"'p "pnr" PPPPP P pppppnr'¥ 

Thursday Hight Is 

COLLEGE NIGHT at 

$50 - Carlota's Gift Certificate will be 
awarded at random to one of our first 
hundred customers through the door! 

October II 

COLLIGE NIGHT 
No cover charge when you present 

your 1.0. at the door 

6807 Villa La Jolla Dr, 
(near Ralph's) 

"""" "'" 
pwww rnn 

457-4FUN 
PI 

• 
I 

ALCATRAZ SELF-STORAGE 
5'XS'XS' HIGH .. $19 per month 
5'x10'x8' IUGH . $33 per month 

OM 

• 
i 
-~ 

""" . 

I 
t 
J 

~ , 
; 

~ 

-

e;."" 

.. 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
452-1047 

CALL HOWl =::~ 

Come in and buy your fall '88 textbooks 

before it's too fate .... 

On October 31 we are 
returning all fall quarter 

textbooks to their 
publishers, 

Hours : Monday- friday 7:45 a.m . to 5: 15 p.m . 
Saturday 10 a .m . to 4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays & Holidays . 534-4557 

University Bookstore 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES Mo"day, October U , /988 13 

Peace Activist 
Continued from pale 11 
for high crime under such condi-
tions as prevail in contravention 
to all public exercise of vote, 
debate, citizen alertness; literally 
.. . any violation of national, 
international, divine or human 
laws." 

Berrigan stressed that the hid-
den participation by companies 
such as General Electric in the 
military-industrial complex must 
be seen as something which their 
own advertisements intentionally 
ignore. General Electrics role as a 
'bringer of good things to Iight'to 
mass culture serves to obscure 
and distort its military role as an 
arms producer. 

Berrigan's destruction of nuc-
lear missile nose cones and classi-
fied plana symbolized his realiza-
tion of a moral theology conscious 
of its social mission. 

The Burke Lectureship and 
Berripn, its most rec:ent speaker, 
support the committment of theol-
ogy to providing a self-renective 
undentanding of the ro&e 1Il0rai 
theology and Catholicism can play 
as an active force in social chanae. 

According to Berripn, ' the 
symbolic psture for nuclear dis-
anament made in 1980 hal been 
repeated; each repetition recOI" 
nizina aod destroying the basis of 
the Cold War and its weap-
onry: fear. 

From ~an Diego to Kin, of 
Prussia the weapons are a mon-
strous monument to fear as it 
moves both within our souls and 
outwards . . . and what it makes of 
our people, Iiopeless and iU~fated 
and paralyzed victims." 

According to Berrigan, the 
actions of Plowshares may seem 
overshadowed by the INF treaty. 
However, the goal he shares with 
others for total nuclear disarma-
ment remains as fragile and dis-
tant today as before the treaty. 

Berripn feels that what has 
fueled the Cold War has been a 
rational and analytical rhetoric 
which participates in the legitimi-
zation of the arms race, part of 
the rhetoric of the arms race being 
arms reduction. 

Berrigan and other memben of 
Plowshares point out the redisco-
vered role of moral theology as a 
focus for movements such as peace 
movements and social equality 
not recognized by the 'main-
stream.' 

Sat .. Oct. 29, 12 Noon • 6 PM . 

Cash or Check Only 

The largest selection of 
computer books in San Diego 

Computer Book Outlet 
5945 Pacific Ctr. Blvd. #501 

Take Mira Meea 0/1805 • north on Pacific 

Height •• in Sorrento VIeW complex next to 

EJ Camino Labs. Call (6J9)~ lor in/o. 

IiDTD 
MEDICAt 

tUItlO. 
PAl. 

fiIMIllt .... ,.. c ....... ,.., •• ~ic.1 IC"HI .. ili •• , ,...iNtl ...... 1M 
... _ i .... 1-'1 .... ,...,. ..... _ ....... willi. f.H ...... 1C .... 1. 

Clip Ind m.il dI. coupon below, and we'll send you full details on the Armed 
Forees H.llth Professionl Scholarship Program. 

We'. till you how you could qUllify for a Physician's Scholarship from die 
A~ Nwy or Air Force. 

" selected, you'll not only beat the high cost of medical school. you'll also glin 
Vllulblt medical exp.ri.nce IIrving on active duty 45 days each school year as 
a commissioned officlr in die Reserves. 

Afttr graduation, you'll serve three years or more-depending on the S.rvice 
you stltct Ind the lewl of scholarship assistance you receive-as a respected 
Anntd ForclS physiciln. You'll lisa get good pay, regular hours, great blnefits 
Ind tht chi nee to work with a varilty of pltients Ind the lattst medicil 
t.chnology. 

" you meet thl 1,1 require",ents notld below for the Service of your choicl-
Ind Wlnt to cut dli ...,Inse of medical school-send for more information today. 

--------., • lIS.'" _lui ...... an"- IN AnMd foreH HHIIh I'raIHIiont Schelaflllip ",",,,,, CIft ..... CIII "" ..... tclloel.....-. 1_ die ... r..,nm.tIIa noIId HIiM. 1 .......... 1............. I I ............. : a.....fM.~. P.o. BollE I ......... Illliln.NY I17 .. Z1IZ 9013 CIIecII.," ..... : 0 ..., 0..., 0 Air,... 
.... _ .......... _...... .... ......... 

I ................................... I ..... ... .......... 10M 0 ..... OF..-
"*111 .... #::-;:::;::::;::;::;:::; I ~ bl ~, I I I I I I 
..... 1 ALI" U II I Sec. Sec. NIl.' I I I IT] , I I I I 
c-.. IinII o .. qJ c;P IT] I I filM., SWr 6.....,.o..QJ CD 1IIt ............ ~ __ wil .. _ ............. _ .... 1IIt_c ........ iI .... -
.... __ ........ _ ....... ....... : .UlClIIl 

~------- .. 
- FROM MEXICO' CITY 

PERFORMING ON NEARLY 100 AUTHENTIC 
LATIN AMERICAN INSTRUMENTS 

AS HEARD IN THE AWARD.WINNING 
FILM "EL NORTE" 

October 28, Friday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A. $11.00, Students $7.00 
Senior Citizens $9.00 

I ._--.- ...... -,iiSi£VCi¥ - -..--_ ... . ~ ----_ .... UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 
Presented by UCSD University Events & Student Activities 

...... _____ and the UCSD Department of Music _____ ~ 

' 7 



• 

.... 

14 Monday, October 14, 1988 

GET INVOLVED ON YOUR CAMPUS! IMMEDIATE OPENING 
FOR ALL UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS ON CAMPUS-WIDE 
COMMITTEES. USE YOUR STUDENT VOICE AND EXPERIENCE 
TO SHAPE THE FUTURE OF UCSD. FOR INFORMATION CALL 
PATTY AT 534-4450 OR STOP BY THE A.S. OFFICE FOR MORE 
DETAILED INFORMA TIpN'AND APPUCA TIONS. 

AIM HIGH! BE THE 
STUDENT 
REGENT 

APPLICATIONS ARE NOW 
AVAILABLE!!! 

When you are the University of Califomia Student Regent. 
you are no ordinary shooting S1aT. You kelp maJce policy 
dedsions on ISSues which affect SlOOenIS. farulty, and staff 
on all nine campuses. You can pick up applications at the 
foUowing locations: 

ASUCSD OffIce. Student Cent .. "A" 
EDNA DesIt, Student Center "A" 
College Dan'. Offlc:a 
Office 01 Graduat. Stud .... Reo _reb 
GrMluate Student ~ OffIce. 

Student Center" A" 
School 01 Medicine Student A;~'IIn OffIce 
Chancellor'. Office 

Applications are due at 5:00 pm, on 
Friday, November 5, 1988 in the 
Chancellor's Office. If you have any 
questions, caJl the A.S. Office 
534-4450. 

EXTERNAL AFFAIRS ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The Municipal Lobby of the External Affairs Office is looking for a few interns to learn 
about municipal government in La Jolla and Del Mar. Interested in working wilh Ihe local 
bigshots? Working in !he communities and UCSD? Then Ihis position is for your. If you'd 
like more infonnation. please call Adam Torem at xL 44450 or at 549-3983. 

COME GET YOUR CAR CLEAN ..• IT'S ALOMOSI HALLOWEEN (AND 
GET FREE CANDY, TOO!!!) THE CalhoIic SlUdent Coordinators are sponsoring a 
Car W~ on Saturday, OcIOber 29 from 9:00 am 10 1:00 pm at Ihe University Lulheran 
Church Parking Lot. The cost is only $3.00!!! 
SURF CLUB NEWS; 
The surf club held its annual Fall Classic at Blacks Beach this past weekend. Over forty 
conrestants participated in Ihe evenL Surfers were greeted with sunny skies and a clean 
24 foot westerly sweD. Final results were as follows: in the men's division coming in 
fU'St place was Eric Husman, second place went 10 Doul Sheres and third place 10 Dave 
Pillsbury. In the women's division fust place Wendy, second place Isabel and third 
place Shari. For more information about Ihe Surf Club and Team come to this week's 
meeting this Thursday, 10-20, in PH 103 at 7:00 pm. 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB'S HALLOWEEN PARTY 
Mark your calendars! Saturday, OclOber 29 is thelinternat.ional Club's annual Hallow-
een Pany, wilh hot music, dancing, and a costume conleSt being just pan of the even'ts 
fun. It all stans al8:00 pm at the Intemational Cenler (east of the Student Cenler). 
Questions? Call 534-3730 or 457-2185. or slOp by the Inaemational Center main offICe 
for more info. 
FLYING CLUB MEETING - SPECIAL GUEST 
Jim McGarvie Vice President of Flight Operations for US Aior will host a discussion on 
flight training, simulator training, and flight operations. Also win a trip to Ihe US Air 
BAE-146 Flight Simulator and Oy one of the most advanced ain:raft flying today! OcL 
26th, Wednesday Night, PH 108 at 7:30 pm. 

TIlURSDAY, OcrOBER 27m, 7:30 PM IN 
TUll07. ONLY .50 CENTS OR PUROIASE 
YOUR FILM SERIES MEMBERSHIP CARD 
(see below), AT TIlE BOX OFFICE FOR ONLY 
$5.00 AND GET IN FREE ALL YEAR!!! 

A WEEKEND OF "FESTIVITY": 
"REGGAE FEST" 

NOV. 5th - SATURDAY 
12:00 - 8:00 PM 

"JAZZ FESTIVAL" 
NOV. 6th - SUNDAY 

12:00 - 6:00 PM 

UCSD ASSOCIATED STUDENTS 
MUNICIPAL LOBBY OF THE 
EXTERNAL AFFAIRS OFFICE 

INVITES YOU TO 
"MEET THE COUNCILS" 

Members of the San Diego City 
Council. La Jolla Town Council. and 

the Del Mar City Council 
will be at the 

International Center on 
Wednesday, October 26th 

at 6:00 pm 
1':,; .. 1, ', .. "'::, 11 \\.111 ,~IlI)I..\" ~~lId~nt lm\!y:tcl lon with loc~llc.)tl~rs ~nd 

. ,:: :.,!. REFRESH~IENTS WIll BE SERVED. 
, ... II: .. ' 1 _ 1l1"'~:t \w\1 1:1"...1 out ""hOI go ..... ) on 11'1 $" n Dh.:sor 
r. I 11:. h' :rt, I~~' :::1 . n 1..-~1 !1 A(!~1m Tor ... '111 t· 5:1-1-4-150 

The UCSD Guardian 

Career 
Survey 
Conlinued from page 10 
is still very strong, the number of 
degrees being sought in law 
schools, business schools, and 
teaching credentials prove that 
graduate students are also far 
more diverse today. 

The Career Survey for the class 
of 1988 will be mailed out to June 
graduatOi in Dec:ember, and, 
based on the level of activity seen 
in the past year from employen 
and students, Murray predicts that 
the results will be very positive. 

Cuban 
Diplomat 
Continued from page.O 
rights' violations in Cuba" in 
Spanish, with a translator, but 
was cut short. 

Mayer's translator held a smaD 
sign that read, "Libertad, Si, Cas-
tro, Nyet." 

The sign was dircc:tcd at Cuba's 
relationship with Russia, which 
Sanchez said has been drifting 
apart lately because Castro rejects 
glasnost and perestroika. 

Russia and Cuba have grown 
in different directions, the repre-
sentative said. 

However, another protestor did 
not agree with him. Bob Pollack, 
a Cuban who privately called 
Sanchez "a Russian puppet," 
asked Sanchez to confirm certain 
horron committed in Cuba by 
the government. 

"I saw wilh these two eyes the ' 
maiming, the torture, [in Cuba}, ~ 
Pollack said . Hc said he was a 
prisoner of war in Cuba, as an 
officer trained by the CIA for the 
Bay of Pigs invasion . 

Sanche7 refused to answer Pol-
locks inquiry, which he sa id was 
·'a question from a Cuban Irained 
by Ihe CIA ... because I call him a 
traitor. .. 

Sanchez's comment drew ap-
plause from the audience. Then. 
in a loud voice, a member of the 
World Affairs Councillold Pol-
lack to be quiet. 

Su CASTRO, pale 16 

FEATURES Monday, October 14. 1988 15 

\.JS dO~ ~'S WHERE? \r~. "t~ ~ 

FREE 

Wed. Oct. 26 
6-8 pm 

8086 processor (8 MHZ).640 KB Memory. 
20MB hard disk. one-3.S" diskette drive (720KB). 
serial and pa rat lei pon. multicolor graphics array 
(MCGA).lntegraled 12" Color Display, enhanced 
keyboard. Mouse. (1 year hardware warranty) . 

Windows 2.1 and Word 
THE A VIATOR - Model SOZ: 
80286 processor (1 0 MHZ). 1 MBMemory, 
30MB hard disk. one·3.S' diskette drive (1 .44MB), 
Microchannet Architecture. serial and parallel pon. 
video graphics array (VGA) 12' Cotor display, 
enhanced keyboard, Mouse. OOS 4.0. Microsoft 
Windows 2.1, Microsoft Word', Microsoft Excel. 

hardware 

80386 processor (16 MHZ). 2 MB Memory. 
60MB hard disk, one·3.S" diskette drive (1 .44MB), 
Microchannel Architecture, serial and parallel 
video graphics array (VGA) 12' Color disptay. 

'r=!!itip enhanced keyboard. Mouse. OOS 4.0, Microsoft ~ Windows 2. 1. ~rosoft Word'. Microsoft Excel. 
(1 year hardware warranty) 
Proprinter X24: 
High·speed letter quality 24 pin Dot Matrix. 
Single sheet, and continuous lorms leed. 
Automalic sheetleed. (optional) 
(1 year hardware warranty) 
Persooal Pageprinter: 
300 Dols per Inch PoslscripllaMr printer lor 
the PS/2 Model SO & 70. tncludes adapter, 
adapter program, and 43lonts. Great for 
desktop publishing. 
(I year hardware warranty) 

• Academic version of word 

AT THE 

o 

o 

o 

o 

D 

PUB! 

Retail 
Price 

$3378 

$5969 

$8664 

$844 

$4999 

:;:::~- -
--

-- ----
-~ ---:-=:-~ ---

---
_.-

Regular 
Price 

$1842 

$3348 

$4965 

$508 

N.A. 

Special 
Price 

$1615 . 

$3010 

$4510 

$395 

. $1899 
All printer prices include cable. 
Tax not included, 

P~ing fee not included. 

... incredibly low prices. 
See the University Bookstore Computer Center for details. 

Monday, October 24th 
Tuesday, November 8th 

Or stop by one of the PS/2 Fairs on Campus. 
:IiIm Location 

10 a .m. - 4 p.m . University Bookstore 
10 a.m. - 4 p.m. University Bookstore 

UNIVERSITY BOOI(STORE 

Open Mon-Fri 7:45am-5:15pm/Saturday lO:am-4:00pm/Closed Sundays and Holidays 534-4291 



.. -

, 

16 Monda)" October U, 1988 FEATURES 

WHY. 
PAY MORE FOR 

CAR INSURANCE!! 
DISCOUNTS 

You can benefitfrom these discounts: 
• Good Studtnt - Students under 25 with a B average qualify for a 25% 

discount. 
• Drlnr', Tralnlnc - Students under 21 who pass an approved driver's 

Iraining course quahfy for a 10% discount. 
• D~ft ... lve Drlvlnc - For passing a defensive driving course, a 10% 

di>.\lunt applies 
• Claim-Free - If you haven' submitted a claim in two years or more, you 

qualify for a 5%-15% discount. 
• Muhl-Car - For covering two or more cars under one policy, a 10%-15% 

discount will be included on your policy. 
• M.turt Driver - Drivers between 50 and 64 years of age qualify for a 2%-

24% discount. 

CALL NOW - 24 HOURS FREE QUOTATION (619)299-8667 
Life and Medical Available 

We are an "A+" Company, 109 Years in the Business_ 

Make a 
computer 

Don't miss IBM's PS/2 Fair on campus. 
TODAY lOam - 4pm at the University Bookstore 

Save a spot on your calendar for IBM's PS/2 Fair. We' ll show you how the 
lBM® Personal ystem/!2® can help you organi7£ notes, revise papers, produce 
high-quality graphics, and more. It's easy to learn and cao)' to use, and if you're 
e ligible, you ' ll get up to 40% off. 

We think you'll find it' a perfect match. 

Special mM PS/2 ~~Top Gun Challenge" pricing 
Available October 24 tbm November 18 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 

Open Mon-Fri 7:45am-5:15pmlSatuniay IO:OOam4:00pm/Closed Sundays Wld Holidays 534-4291. 

---------------------------------------------

GOOD FOR ONE FREE GIIT 
while they last 

Redeemable @ University Bookstore 
----
----
- ----
---
- - ---- -----
-----
--_ ._. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Castro's 
Rep. 
Continued from page 15 

To conclude the exchange. Pol-
lack yelled. "You're a slap in the 
face of a human bcing," and then 
sat down. 

Jailed and exiled 

Sanchez was thrown in jail and 
exiled during the 1950's for help-
ing Castro's revolution again~t 
Fulgencio Batista then the Amer-
ican-supported dictator in Cuba. 
He remembered Castro's success-
ful coup in 1959 as the end of real 
Cuban-American relations. 

The Bay of Pigs, the Cuban 
mi sile crisb, the immigration of 
almo t 100,000 Cuban "undesira-
bles" to the United States. and the 
Cuban presence in Angola. are a 
few of the incidents which have 
hindered relations between the 
United States and Cuba. 

"'We have not really benefited 
from past hostilities," Castro's 
representative said. "[And] we 
cannot resume the pa t relation-
ship because it does not exisl." 
The Unites States and Cuba have 
changed quite a bit since 1959. he 
added. 

"We cannot resume 
the past relationship 
because it does not 
exist." 

-Ramon Montoto 
Cuban Diplomat 

" We have to build a new rela-
tionship." Sanchez said. 

According to the chief diplo-
mat. the Cuban position in Angola 
is to help Angolan rebels fight 
South African oppression. not to 
export communism. 

Cuban innuence in Angola. he 
said is part of a "comprehensive 
package." Cuba is working on an 
"agreement" with Angola, South 
Africa. and the United States. he 
added. 

With regards to Russia, San-
che7 said "We would not have 
bee!l able to survive economic 
embargos [by the U.S.] . . . with-
out the help from the Soviet 
Union." But . he added. Cuba's 
friendship with Russia has soured 
lately. 

Council-Created Atmosphere 

Sanche7 found a comfortable 
spot to speak in San Diego thanks 
to the World Affairs Council. 
Sanche7 was invited to speak 
because a board member of the 
council had previously met San-
chCl in Cuba . 

Council member Tim Haidin-
ger stayed near thc podium with 

anche7 to mediatc the 4ueStiOn 
and answer period when things 

~tarted to get controver~ial. Hai-
dinger wa~ the one who cut the 

rrote~ter~ short; he lent to the 
~mooth and unchallenged 4uality 
of Sa nchet'~ add re~s . 

1 h.:re were two m.:mhl.:r~ of the 
audicnce who po~cd a threat to 
I hI.: ca lm ~cc n l.:. I hc~ hl.'ga n 10 gl.:t 
irate after tl ying hald to a,1-. San-
chl.:/ a 4uc,tilln . Haidingcl nl'll.:r 
ca lled on thcm. I-It' c:-plaim:d 
quietly afterward~ to thclll tilat 

lilc~ IIcrc"a\IHII'Ccllfll1orc polar-
i/a! ion t h;1l I II a, t I ~ ing 111;1\ nid." 

Monda)" October U . 1988 17 
The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

Chilean Plebiscite 
Professor Observes S. AtnericanPinochet Ouster 

By LAURA PROCTOR 
Ciuardian Intl'm 

A UCSD professor IIho o b-
'ervcd the recent Chilean plebis-
cite. in which vo ters said "no" to 
military dictator Augusto Pino-
chet. told an audience that he had 
been urprised by the honesty of 
the election. 

Political science professor Paul 
Drake. who wa part of a national 
observer delegation in Chile. was 
joined by fellow delegation mem-
ber and SDSU professor Brian 
Loveman in a talk at the Institute 
of the Americas. 

Drake sa id that he and his col-
leagues had arrived expecting to 
see widespread fraud, but had 
witnessed a remarkably fair and 
open election. 

Both professors explained the 
military's reasons for such an 
honest election. as well as describ-
ing the campaign tactics of the 
opposing sides and the excitement 

of observing first-hand the actual 
polling process. They also dis-
cussed precisely what the " no" 
vote meant , and what it could 
mean for the future of Chile. 

"Up until the day after the vot-
ing, the fear was absolutely pal-
pable," Drake said. explaining 

that many individuals wishing to 
vote "no" had anticipated go-
vernment reprisal. 

He added that the fear was cer-
tainly justified. as many Chileans 
were preparing to openly oppose 
a regime that had previously been 
involved in the torture and killing 

of their friends and family mem-
ber;,. 

Dc pite the apprehensions and 
doubt s as to the election's real 
validity. however. the polling wa~ 
straightforward . 

According to Loveman. the 
mililary leaders were "caught in 
their own trap;" they had been 
so absolutely sure that they would 
win, that they created a polhng 
situation where "it was not phys i-
cally possi ble 10 commit fraud ." 

"Everyone" was allowed in the 
voting places. Lovcman sa id , 
adding that cameras were permit-
ted and that clear ballot boxes 
were used. Representatives from 
both sides were present when the 
ballots were counted openly. he 
conti nued. 

Only on the day after the elec-
lion was there a "creeping euphor-
ia.·' Drake said, as members of the 
opposition realized that they had 
act ually been allowed to reject 
Pinochet. simply by vo ting "no." 

Being away at school doesn't mean you lose 
your power to vote, Call your local board 
of elections. Find 
out how easy it is FEEL 
to vote by absentee 
ballot. 

Another surprising feature of 
the election was the liberal free-
dom of speech exercised in the 
campaign fo r "no" vote . During 
the pre-election ca mpaign. each 
side was allowed 15 minute each 
night on television. According to 
Loveman, t he TV commercials 
served decisively to sway the vote 
towards "no." ~ 

Besides showing the citizens of 
Chile that it was now safe to 
oppose the government. Lovema n 
said. the op position's ads were 
generally regarded as more effec-
tive than those of the military. 
He remarked that this was sim-
ilar to how elections are decided 
in the nited States: the side with 
the beller commercials wins. 

Drake noted that this radical 
freedom of ex pression had only 
bee n in effect during the election, 
and reiterated that the reason the 
government had allowed such an 
open election was simply that it 

See CHILE, pale 19 

CLllJREMONI SQUIoIIE 
(Nb(l ° vOM, 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(N,XI 10 PIl.!A 11U1) 566-6100 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

(ACROSS f'1OM MANN I"LAIR,) 
45S-CW20 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
AWl. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAlI.A8LE 

Can you 
afford to gamble 

with the LSAT, GMAT, 
GRE,or MeAT? 

Probably not . Great grades 
alone may not be enough to 
impress the grdd school of 
your choice. 

Scores playa part And 
that's how Stanley H. Kaplan 
can help. 

The Kaplan cour~ teaches 
test· taking techniques. reviews 
course suQjects. and increases 
Ihe odds that you'll do the best 
you can do. 

Se if you've been out of 
school for a while and need a 
refresher. or even if you're fresh 
out of college. do what over 1 
mIllion students have done. 
Take Kaplan Why take a 
chance WIth your career? 

!KAPLAN 
STANI£YH ~AI\ANEOUCATIONAI ClNT1ItIlO 

DON T COMPETE WITH 
A KAPLAN STUDENT- BE ONE 

4780 Clllre .. IIIt ... Blvd. 
Sin 01 .... CA 82117 
277-6744 

-

" 



". 

. -

, , 

• 

18 Monday, October 14, 1988 

Recreational/Intramural & Athletic Complex 
UCSD Student Survey Results 

The Associated Students, the Graduate Student Association 
and the Planning Committee would like to thank the almost 
4,000 students who responded to the recent student survey 
about the proposed Recreation/ Intramural & Athletic 
Complex. 

Sub-Committees 
o 

o 

o 

Aerobics, Dance, Martial Arts & Tennis Facilities 

Basketball, Volleyball, Indoor Jogging Track, Seating, 
& Outdoor Equipment Rental 

Racquetball/Handball/Squash Courts & Table Tennis Please review these summary results and participate as a 
member of one of the Sub-Committees established to plan 
specific component facilities within the Recreation/ Intramural 
& Athletic Complex. Please call 534-4378 to volunteer or 
request additional information. 

o Weight Training Facilities, Training Room & Rehabilitation 

1. 

2. 

3. 

Sex: 
A) Male 
B) Female 

Total: 

Class Level: 
A) Freshman 
B) Sophomore 
C) Jun ior 
D ) Senior 
E) Grad 

Total: 

College: 
A) Revelle 
B) Mu ir 
C) Third 
D ) Warren 
E) Fifth 

Total: 

o 

o 

Common Space: Meeting Rooms, Loading Dock, Elevators, 
Lounges, Box Office, Table Games, Classrooms & Offices 

Saunas/ Jacuzzi, Locker/Rooms, Cage, Laundry 

Student Interest Survey Results 

1933 
1947 

3880 

1218 
699 
829 
788 
~ 
3882 

895 
841 
834 
876 
~ 
3651 

50% 
~ 
100% 

31% 
18% 
21% 
20% 
~ 

99% 

24% 
23% 
23% 
24% 
~ 
100% 

4. 

5. 

Residential Status: 

A) On campus 
B) Off campus (0-5 mil 
C) Off campus (6-10 mil 
D) Off campus (11-20 mil 
E) Off campus (beyond 20 mil 

Total: 

Do you have children? 

A) Yes 
B) No 

Total: 

1742 
957 
545 
408 
224 

3876 

118 
ill.l 
3859 

45% 
25% 
14% 
10% ' 
~ 
100% 

3% 
~ 
100% 

Recreation/Intramural & Athletic Activity Spaces, 
What importance ranking should the Planning Committee give the/ollowing activities? 

A 
Very 

Impo rtant 

B 
Important 

C 
Somewhat 
Imparl:.n. 

D 10t:'ll A 
Ve r y 

Impo rt a nt 

B 
Important 

C 
Somewhat 
!mporlanl 

D T ot.1 
1'101 

Important 

6. Aerobics StudIO 811 21% 1224 32% 1211 31% 625 16% 3871 

7. Adjacent Parking 2167 56% 977 25% 540 14% 205 S% 3889 

8. Daseball HiiiillK 316 8% 777 21% 1561 41% 1135 30% 37&9 
Are. (ntIS) 

9. Box Office 635 17% 1230 32% 1299 34% 642 17% 180(, 

10. 00., n8 Room 159 4% 420 11% 1175 n % 1967 53% 

II. Cage (cloth ing , 1089 28% 1387 36% 1008 26% 34 7 9% 3831 
equip .• lowels) 

12. Class room 1018 27% 1035 27% 711 19% 181 2 

13. ConcessIon ,\rea 617 161~ 1232 32% 1303 34'" u5.1 17% 3806 

14. D.nce Studio 90 1 23% 1099 29% 1212 32";, 631 I ()"',, 

15. Floor lI ockey Are. 370 10% 1445 38% 

16. Golf Hi",ng Area 332 9'1\1 626 17% 1293 35% 1484 40% .17 15 
(nets) 

17 . Gymnast ic. Area 705 IS% 129 1 34% 1260 33% 565 15% 

18. Ice Rink 736 20% 877 23% 1074 29% 1068 28% 1755 

19. Indoor logging 1023 27% 1024 27'110 850 22'110 892 24% 3789 
T rack 

20. Indoor Soccer 654 18'110 812 22'110 1095 30'110 11 22 )0% 369) 
T rack 

21. Laundry 909 25% 930 25 .. 894 25% 911 25'110 16·'4 
(commercial 

mac hines) 
22 . Locke r Room. 1753 4 7% 129 1 )5% 514 14% 144 4'~ 3702 

23. Lounge Seating 699 19% 

24. Mart ial Ar1.S 715 2 1% 
Facili ties 

25. B.dm inton Co urts 708 19% 

26. Baske l ba ll Cou rts 1599 44% 

:7 . Volleyb.1I Courts 1805 49'11, 

28 . Offices (St.ff, 70 1 19% 
racuit}, s tuden t 
rtcrt:l1io n31 club) 

:Q Ou tdoor EQuirmenl 1123 161)b 
Rl"nlal 

10. l e nnis COUlts 1642 44% 

J I . "Pro" Shop 767 21 1'1 
(~f'\o rt s merch) 

32 . PutlOng / C hiPD,ng 346 10% 
Golf G r.cn. 

33 R. cque tb.11/ 1299 35% 
I I:tndbali ("ourts 

34 . Rock limbi ng W,II 545 I ~')I, 

15 Sau nas / J acuzzi 177 4 48~1 

36 Squash Co ullS 317 10 ')41 

37 I ,bl. Games 5S I 15'l1> 
( brldSf!. c hes~. 

etc .) 
38. Table I ennis Alcoa 322 23'''1 

39. I r.,n,ns/ Rch.b 168 7 46% 
ArC3I 

40 Weig ht 1 "in rae . 2166 61 ~, 

1228 33% 

11 78 32% 

1056 29% 

1237 34% 

11 97 33% 

1357 37% 

1363 37% 

1146 31% 

1009 29'110 . 

00 4 ' 17% 

1278 35% 

640 18% 

96 1 26% 

8 19 23% 

827 23% 

1121 J 1% 

1161 J2"tJ 

86 1 24% 

1182 32~ , 

1172 32% 

1152 32% 

583 16% 

5 15 14% 

11 65 32% 

757 2 1% 

636 17% 

1050 29% 

1260 35% 

767 21% 

1047 29% 

6 10 17% 

1222 34% 

1135 3 1% 

569 16% 

375 11% 

Not 
Im portant 

566 15% 

536 15% 

73 1 20% 

247 7% 

166 4% 

448 12% 

233 6% 

27 1 7% 

770 21% 

1376 38% 

318 9% 

1375 38% 

318 ' 9% 

1080 30% 

1020 21% 

565 15'1\) 

2 15 .6% 

159 4% 

3675 

366 1 

3647 

3666 

3683 

367 1 

3676 

3695 

3656 

3586 

3662 

3607 

3663 

362 1 

3620 

3650 

3632 

3~6 1 

The UCS D Guardian NEWS Monday, October 14. 1988 19 

CAMPAIGN: Lecturers TalkPolitics r------------------~ NOW FEATURING II CAPPUCINO ESPRESSO I Continut d from palt 1 
of the spon"oring o rganiza tion. 

Both Popkin and Kernell aurib-
uted the maj ority of Bush's suc-
cess to his impressive speech at 
the Republican ational Conven-
tio n and his equa lly impressive 
showing during the second presi-
dential debate. 

The rhetoric of the incumbent 
Republicans made Bush's "line 
easier to pitch," said Kernell , also 
a political consultant to PB . 

The aggressive behavior that 
Bush displayed toward his oppo-
nent was not nearly as importa nt 
as the fact that Dukakis remained 
silent in the face of the attacks. 

" Dukakis did not speak to neg-
a tive press," Popkin said . 

He attribu ted the major prob-
lems for Dukakis in the presiden-
tial race to his "mediocre" ad ver-
tising campaign, and to the pri-
mary election process as a whole 
which , he said , forced Dukakis to 
fight it out with other Democrat 
for that party's nomination, while 
Bush was building support in the 
Senate and elsewhere. 

The analysts also discussed 
voter apprehension regarding the 

CHILE: 
Professor's 
Observation 
Continutd from pale 17 
had expected to win. Up until the 
very last moment, he said , Pino-
chet had thought he was merely 
reasserting his power. 

Although the government is 
currently honoring the election 
results , both professors stressed 
t hat Chi le had only voted "no" on 
Pinochet ; they had not voted "no" 
to the armed forces, they had not 
voted "no" to their economic 
model, and - although surround-
ing nations heralded the plebiscite 
as a positive step towards demo-
cractization - they had not 
necessarily voted "yes" to demo-
cracy. 

" I am fairly optimistic that the 
'no' will be able to change a lot of 
things," Drake said, adding that 
he personally thinks that the mil-
itary will make gradual conces-
sions to the opposi tion. But of 
Pinochet, hc said , " He remai ns 
dangerous; he remains ambitious." 

At the close of the lecture, a 
question asked by Cecilia Ubilla-
Arenas reminded t he audience 
that , despite glowing reports of 
open elections, any process to-
wards democratization in Chile 
will be slow and problematic. 
Ubilla-Arenas, who fled the Pi-
nochet regime when it first came 
to power (see Guardian , Oct. 17 
and 20), voiced concern oVer the 
true safety of the current opposi-
tion members. 

The profcs'sors agreed that there 
was still "great risk ." Drake said 
the opposition had ex hibited cru-
cial control over its members, 
warning them not to give the mil-
itary any excuse to retaliate against 
what it wou ld be quick to dub 
"chaos." 

Essentially. he said , the "no" 
had said "go vote, go home: don't 
gu out in the streets. "Their people 
li stened. a nd the elcctio n ~ were 
peaceful. 

While there is still a military 
government , he said. the opposi-
tion leaders mu~ t continue to 
exercise caut ion, a ~ the sa net ity of 
human ri g ht ~ in hile b ~tilL at 

b\.:~ t . fra gile. 

to C BS news, po inted out that "40 
pe rl:e nt of people polled say that 
America's best times a re behind 
us," and that people fee l "we a rc 
living on borrowed time." 

Popkin suggested , however , 
that voters' interpretation of the 
past is not always in keeping with 
the realities of events. 

He cited the la st year of the 
Jimmy Carter Administration as 
a time of improved relat ions with 
many count ries around the world, 
with the notable exception of 
Afghanistan and Iran. 

I HOT CHOCOLATE 
I 2 FOR 1 
I 
I 
I 
II VOtd "",tn anv ot"9I' offet One coupon to 0 customer I Expofes 10/30/88 
I Hours: 11 ·1030 Mon ·Thurs " 
I 11 ·11 FrJ.&Sot 12-10:30 Sun .. ~J'I. 
I 7770 ...... 1Id .. ... iM (In Von s $r\Opptf'<g CenlOf ~ 1 ". • L __________________ _ 

THE FUTURE IS IN 
INTERNADONAL BUSINESS 

A representative will be on campus 
HEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26 , 1988 

to discuss 
GRADUAl( STUDY 

Professor Sam Kernell 

"Carter was tied with Reagan 
72 hours before election day. It 
happened that the election was on 
the da y of the first anniversary of 
the start of the Hostage Crisis, 
and the news was full of pictures 
of the humiliation of the United 
States. At that point, the election 
turned into a blowout," Popkin 
said . ~Ttl~!?~~!!P future of American politics. Kernell summed up the basic attitude of the American electo· 
rate, saying that "voters are not 
voting for the best future, but vo t· 
ing against what ha s happe ned in 
the past." 

OF INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 
GLENDALE. ARIZONA 85306 While the United States is now 

in a ~emingly strong position in 
both foreign and domestic affairs, 
Popkin , also a polling consultant 

Interviews may be scheduled at 
CAREER SERVICE CENTER 

, 

data 
systems 

SA YES YOU $$$$$ 
FACTORY DIRECT PURCHASING 

Discounts up to 50% 
#1 IN LAPTOP COMPUTER SALES 
Over 40% of Total Market Share 

SUPER FAST, ZERO WAIT STATE COMPUTERS 
Over $lJ Billion in PC Sales during 1987 
UCSD STUDENT/FACULTY/STAFF PRICES 

Laptop - Take it Anywhere 
10-Mb Hard Disk 

Bui/I-in Modem 
Derachabll' &J/Iery Pac 

640K RAM 
MS-DOS included 

Dual Floppy Model 

Eazy PC 
Perfect for your Desk 

Only 27 pounds 
Monochrome Monitor includl'd 

MS· DOS, DOS managl'r, 
&sic included 

Dual Floppy Modl'J 

20 Mb Hard Disk Model 

Super Advanced 316 
Fast 16 M Hz 

J MB RAM I'xpandable 1016 Mb 
40 Mb Hard Disk 

(28 MS Access) 

Wilhflal screen 
VGA Color Monilor 

Master/ Visa Card Accepted 



" . 

_10_M_on_~_. ~_tob_er2_4'1_988 _________ ~ ___ J>_&~O~~1r ~ ________________ _ 
Water Polo Rolls Over CSULA 

Ken 

By DA y.m POTICHA 
Contributing Writer 

The UCSD Triton men's water 
Dolo team bounced back from a 
disappointing 12-6 loss to UC 
Irvine with a satisfying 17-8 win 
over Cal. State-Los Angeles 
Saturday night at Canyonview 
pool. 

Help! - Jason Vance (7) and the Tritons gave Cal Poly SLO fits all 
day during Sunday's 11 -1 romp - here, a Cal Poly player desperately 
gets rid of the ball 

Harper blamed the I rvine loss 
on "poor defense and a lot of 
missed shots." Against Cal. State-
L.A., however, the defense was 
certainly prominent. Goalie 
Randy Franke gave up eight 
goals, but did not have to make a 
great deal of saves because the 

CSU Bakersfield Edges Women's 
Volleyball in Five Sets, 3-2 

By JAMES M. BURKE 
Contributing Wrirer 

Remember that cartoon in 
which Wile E. Coyote never seems 
to be able to catch the Road 
Runner? Well , Friday night, 
holding consistent with the car-
toon image, the Road Runners of 
Cal. St. Bakersfield evaded the 
Tritons three games to two in a 
match which featured as many 
twists and turns as the famous 
cartoon. 

The deciding game ofthe match 
was controlled decisively by CSU 
Bakersfield, despite the thun-
derous board bashing service 
breaks administered by Dee Dee 
Bigelow, Jumping out to a 7-1 
lead, CSUB saw the Tritons come 
to within three points at 11-8 
before cruising to a \5-8 victory. 

The match began auspiciously 
forthe Tritons, and it appeared as 
if they would send Bakersfield to 
early showers and a long bus ride 
home over the Tehachapi Moun-
tains. After Bakersfield tied the 
score at four, UCSD went on an 
I 1-2 scoring blitz which eventually 
propelled them to a 15-6 win. 

Game two, however, offered a 
more accurate tone for the match, 
Bakersfield toughened up, some 
players even screaming back at 
the heckling crowd at one point. 

Scratching and clawing with 
UCSD throughout the battle, the 
RoadRunners finally managed to 
acquire the last four points of the 
game for a 15-13 triumph. 

The Tritons took a 2-1 lead 
with a game three win. The 15-8 
victory was highlighted by a 7-2 
run to finish off the set. 

Taking a 9-5 lead, UCSD could 
smell blood in game four. The 
RoadRunners, feeling hot breath 

on their necks, switched on the 
afterburners and dusted the 
Tritons, running off several un-
answered points and managmg a 
10-1 run for a 15-10 outcome. . 

CSUB head coach David 
Rubio, whose 10th ranked D iv. II 
team now improves to 13-7 on the 
year, characterized his team as 
"flat" and as playing "mindless 
volleyball" most of the time. "We 
weren't sharp most of the match," 
he said . "We just played good 
enough at the right times tonight. " 

Ba lcersfield senior Melanie 
Reed , hailing from Tulare Union 
High School, the great bastion of 
sports talent in the San Joaquin 
Valley, commented: "We ex-
pected, and got, a good tough 
game from UCSD." 

Falling to 24-8, Coach Doug 
Dannevik praised his NCAA Div. 
III defending national champions. 
"We played better than the last 
two times out. We worked hard, 
played with effort and enthusiasm. 

See VOLLEYBALL, pale 11 

Ken Relnltelnl Guardian 
A common alght: Senior Ellen Chi had 12 digs Friday 

UCSD RECORDS BOX 
W L T 

Soccer (W) 15 0 1 
Soccer (M) 14 0 2 
Volleyball (W) 24 8 0 
Water polo (M) 15 10 0 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Action ... 
What Who When 
Cross country (M & W) CSU San Bernardino Invitational Oct. 29 10:30 a .m. 
Soccer(W) USlU Oct. 26 2:00 p.m. 
Soccer(M) CLAREMONT-MUDD Oct. 14 3:30 p,m, 

THE MASTER'S COLLEGE Oct. 26 3:30 p.m. 
Swimming (M & W) INTRASQUAD PENT A THLON Oct. 19 8:30 a.m. 
Volleyball (W) UCSD-Mizuno Tourney Oct. 18 TBA 

Oct. 29 TBA 
W.ter polo (M) lona (Riverside Tourney) Oct. 29 I 1:00 a.m. 

Brown (Riverside Tourney) Oct. 30 3:30 p.m. 

Tritons played terrific defense, 
constantly turning the possession 
over, 

The Tritons came into the game 
expecting to win, and therefore did 
not play quite as well as they 
could have however, simply 
playing was important. Harper 
was glad that UCSD was able to 
get back into the water "the day 
after our loss." Harper called Cal. 
State-L.A. a "fiesty team," but 
they really presented little trouble 
for the Tritons, The starting UOlt 
was not even used for the entire 
game, 

Senior David Calder, who was 
one of the offensive leaders with 
five goals, said that the Tritons 
"played down a little. "The scoring 
was "spread out" over the team. It 
was hard to get up and play their 
best against a less-than-great team 
after a loss to Irvine. "We didn't 
come in cocky, but we knew we 
should win," Calder said. 

Jason "Turtle" Brown was the 
leading scorer for the team, 
scoring seven goals. However, as 
Calder said, the scoring was dist-
ributed among the team. Seven 
different Tritons scored goals. 
One ofthe more spectacular goals 
was the last goal of the game; a full 

pool solo goal scored by Jason 
Vance with just over one minute 
remaining in the game. 

While Cal State-L.A. was basic-
ally dominated throughout the 
game, a few of their players did 
turn in some good performances, 
most notably their goalie who 
made three nice solo saves with 
no defensive support. 

The Tritons started a little slow, 
and were only up 4-2 after the first 
period. Starting with 36 seconds 
left in the first period, the Tritons 
went on a 9-0 run, shutting out 
Cal. State-L.A. through the entire 
second quarter and one minute 
into the third . Junior Johnny 
Cunningham sparked a mini-
comeback with the first of three 
consecutive goals for Cal. State-
L.A. with 5:03 remaining in the 
third period, but the effort was 
too little, too late. 

With this win under their belts, 
the 8th ranked Tritons can now 
look ahead to their matches with 
lona and Brown, two tough East 
Coast teams, in next week's tour-
nament at Rivenide. Calder says 
these games are "extremely im-
portant," and that the Tritons 
would falter a bit if they lose. 
More water polo pbot .. , pale 11. 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRU EN 

Spans Edi/or 
(Phil is curremly 3-3) 

Monday Night Football 

CHICAGO 
Spread 

3* 
Underdog 
San Francisco 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... This is a tough one to pick. 
Both teams have their strong points: the San Fran-
cisco 4gers may have one of the be t and most explo': 
sive offenses in football, but the Bears have the No. I 
defense. As a matter of fact, the 4gers have allowed 
nearly twice as many points to the opposition this year 
than the Bears (141 to 74). Even though it has lost a 
couple of players here and there, the Bear defense still 
has most of its key players and a Fridge (William 
Perry) hungrier for quarterbacks than McD. L. Ts. But 
the Niners are coming off a big win over the Rams last 
week and tend to perform well in the big games. This 
one should be close, but the Niners have enough fire-
power to at least overcome the spread , if not the Bear 
defense. Even though you're probably not heeding his 
advice anymore after he completely blew the World 
Series pick, PH I L still wants you to ... 

TAKE THE NINERS 

vllllrdian 
Holes were few and far between for Chargers' running back Gary 
Anderson yesterday in their 16-0 loss to the Colts. For photo esssay, 
see page 22, 

The UCS D Guardian 

Water Polo 

Wh .... •• the goalie' - Kevin Vance (9) had no idea scoring 
was this 

IntimidatinQ UCSD goalie Randy Franke has a tendency to frighten 
the opposition, as he did this weekend when the Tritons compiled an 
overall 28-9 victory margin 

LSAT Seminar 

SPORTS 

V-Ball 
I 
Continued from pile 10 
We just got beat by a pretty good 
team." Despite his unwillingness 
to bring in excuses , Coach 
Dannevik did admit, when asked 
directly, that the team did "tire" 
without hitter Rachel Vetter who 
sat out the game witt. an illness. 

Ellen Chi, who put away 21 
kills and dug out 12 from the floor 
for UCSD, commented on Bakers-
field's style, "They ran the middle 
well," she said, refering to CS UB's 
sets directed by Joan Heiller 
coming from about four feet from 
the net as opposed to the regular 
direct net set, "We hadn't seen 
that too much this year," she said. 

"It's really hard to defend against." 
Furthermore, she pointed to "er-
rors at critical times," as UCSD's 
downfall. 

Looking ahead, Bigelow, who 
served well and recorded 15 kills , 
said that this game reestablished 
UCSD's "rhythm" which had been 
slowing of late, and will give them 
a needed push for next week's 
tournament. "It would be a good 
show and will give us a chance to 
look at these teams before re-
gionais," Bigelow said. 

Although the Roadrunners got 
away this time, the Tritons did 
not hit a brick: wall nor did they 
run off a cliff to imminent disaster, 
rather they remain hungry and on 
the move. 

Next week's UCSD Mizuno 
Tou1'nament kicks off Friday 
night in the gym, and will feature 
Menlo, La Verne, Grand Canyon, 
CSU San Bernadino, and the 
.Tritons. 

"" ~~ ttl. t}et UettJ. tAe ~f/Ut1. 
S~tJ/*~~" 

presented by: 

PROFESSIONAL TESTING CENTERS 
LSAT IGMAT IMCAT/GRE 

TODAY, UCSD • Revelle Commuter Lounge 12:00-1:15 
Sin OIego Stlte 
UC Slnll Barblra 

Mandl" Oct. 24 
Tundl" Oct. 25 

5:00-6:15 
12:00-1:15 

CALL (800) 777 -EXAM 
for reservation, room numbers and other information 

Scholarships awarded at each Seminar 
11801 W, Olympic Blvd .• Suite 7. Los Angeles, CA 

Monday. October 24. 1988 21 

Arnon Friedmann (above) and Peter Pak (below. left) were two 
reasons UCSD won its first tournament Saturday over Cal Tech and 
Occidental . 

... 

" ., 



,1 

22 Monday, October 14, 1988 

The Indianapolis defense forced Ralf MOjsiejenko to punt six times 
(above), which consistently put the Chargers back on defense 
(above, right). The defense held up pretty well but had trouble 
containing Eric Dickerson (29) who ran for 169 yards (below, right). 

IETMEMIW 
THE IE 11111 is_ 

We've made it ~ven easier for you to qualifY 
for a Wells Fargo student VISA card. 

We've also made it easy for you to apply. Just give us a call 
and we'll Lake your application over the phone. You need to be at 
least a sophomore at a 4-year California college or university. 
And a U.S. citizen or permanent resident with a social security 
number. You must have a checking or savings account opened 
for at least six months - and be on good terms with your bank and 
any creditors. Finally, you should have at least $200 a month in 
spending money from verifiable sources after your expenses. 
That's all it Lakes to qualify. When you do, you'll be getting a good 
start on establishing credit. 

So get your bank account number and other personal infor-
mation together and cal] 1-800-642-BANK today. 

Call \\WIs FIrco IodIy and get 6 monlhs free membership. For a 
limited time, you'll get 6 months free membership when you qualify 
for a WeUs Fargo student VlSA card. Call today. 

WEll S FAa IrUDENr VISA 
1-800-642-BANK 

CJ 1988 WFB N A Member FDtC 

SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Immediate openings ·for 1988/89 Graduates and Co-op Candidates 
Engineering, Computer Science, Technical Disciplines (BS/MS) 

When you start 
your career, there's nothing 

like initial success. 

- - -
- - -
-
- - -
- - -
- - - - - -
- - - - - -

-
-9 II!> 

Tue.day,Noventber1 
IBM INFORMATION DAY 

Your future in technology 
could be in software 
development or engineering. 
II you 're ready to start a successful career in 
one of these creative areas of information tech· 
nology, come meet our representatives at an 
informal briefing, and find out more about our 
current openings. Please bring 4 copies of your 
resume and, if availab)e, your transcript. 
An equal opportunity employer. U S. citizens, 
permanent residents. and intending citizens 
underthe 1966 ImmIgration Reform and 
Control Act only 

November 

1 
New Engineering Building 

Room 5101 
12:00noon-5pm 

(Stop by anytime) 

Monday, October U, 1988 23 

CLASSIFIEDS---
____________________________ ~~urro,~~~--------------______________ __ 

Rettaurant It La Jolla Shore. hor"'ll part·lrme, 
no exparlence neeesury. FIe.1bIe hOuri. tree 
meal, dole to UCSO. Kevin 454·8038. (10/24) 

Printing: Entry levet part·time two night. weetdy. 
PoIition now open with North County Pubtilhlng 
company. Excellent opportunity lor hardworking 
indIVidual to learn new akitta and earn extra 
money. 744·0910. 

Come on out to Warren's inlamous SOC "aM you 
can eat" commuterbrealdaat Tuesday. October 
25, 7:30·10:00 am In Wa....,·s Provoet Con· 
lerence Room. Meet special ~ AS President 
Maynard Dimmesdale! (10/24) 

All you can eat breakfaillor only SOC. Revette 
commuters come Ind watch cartoons and 881. 
Wed. Oct. 2e aI 7:30 1m in Revette Commuter 
Lounge. (10/24) 

A.S.A.P . • U.S. Air intern .-dad. Duties include: 
data entry. special project •. tetemar1<e1ing. and 
data analysis. AI majors wetcomet Come by 
A.S. Internlhlp Office for mora info. or caM 534-
4689. (10/2~) 

Deadtine · Nov. 1 lor IUm/Tler internship with the 
U.S. Department 01 State. Number 01 bureau to 
intern with: BUrellu 01 Public, Enonomic, and 
Buainesa Allairs. Come by ASlO lor into. (10/24) 

Family Service AlIIOCiation 01 San Diego needI 
interns A.S.A.P. DoAI8S inctude: media coordi· 
nation, public, rel.ltiona, and atrategy I~· 
talion. Contlct Jan Percival at 452-8858 lor 
more info. (10/24) 
"How to IUCCll8SluIty comptete a theals or 
dissertation." For aeminar and WOfkIIIop mor· 
mation call 692·0866. (10/ 24) 

Elections are coming up fall 10 come out and 
meet some 01 the cIty·s candidal ... Members of 
La JOlla. Del Mar. and San Otego CIty Councils 
will be at the International Center. W~y 
at 6 pm. Munchies avaitabtel Come dilCuss the 
issU81 and chovol down! (10/24) 
UVE AND WORK IN JAPAN. International 
EcluclltlOO SeNices invite. applications lor a 
one year aS8'11nment In Japan to teach tech-
nical & conversational EnatIIh to JIIOIIIIIII8 
business people from major corporalionll 
govemrnenI minillries. Degreerequil8d. Expef. 
Ience in TESOL. advertiling. education. puIItish. 
ing, reel estate. phermaceuticalS, lllCUritiesl 
hnance. bUllne .. management, marketing, 
engineering. electronics, or the travet industry 
preferred. Please send resume and photo to 
IES, Shin Taiso Building, 10·7, Dogenzaka 2· 
chome, Shibllva·ku, Tokyo (ISO). (10/24) 
Buy your lall lextbOOl<s now. The University 
Bookstore textbook department Is returning 
books back to the pubtishers beginn,ng October 
31 , 1988. (10 / 24). 

UCSO student lilmmaker is puning together 
cast and crew for lilm proiect. II interested 
ptease caM by this Wednesday. Mitton Fletcher 
455·1652. (10 / 24) 

Shalom everyone! Come to Oneg Shabbat this 
Friday 7 pm MandeVille Suite. in TIoga Hall. 
LEHITRAOT! (10/27) 

I 
FOR MEN ONL Y'- E.clutive oow formula from 
Switzertand. Improve your endurance and 
stamina in everything you do. Incr_ levet of 
teslosterone. 100% natural. FDA validated. No 
drugs. Call Steve 565·1644. (10 / 24) 

The Wilderness Club wetcomes you to our ne.t 
general meeting. Tuesday. 6 pm in the Muir 
Apartment Lounge. We wiM have trip sign up 
s_s, inlormation and refreshments. Bring 
your med·lorms! (10/ 24) 

Utlh! Utah! Utah! Tickets lor R.I.S.C: . annual 
Thanksgiving trip are on sale tOday in the bOx 
oIhce. Trip includes 4 tIayS skiing.lfanepor1abOn. 
hotet and (partlel). AN for 524511 Need more 
info? Stop by R.l.S.C. office in Student Center 
right abOve 100<1 co·op. (M·Th, 10-2) (10/24) 

Model United Nations weekly meetings. APM 
24024:00·5:30 p.m., Wed. (tO/31) 

I) 
Apply through A.S. Internship Office lor a 
summer internship at CNN in Washington D.C. 
The deadline is Nov. 1. Call 534·4689 or come 
by our offIce lor more inlo. (10/31) 

Now is a great time to tour the Price Center 
construction 8he. Meet It 4:00 on Wed. Oct. 2e 
in front of Central Library. Free T·Shirtl whIle 
supplies lasll (10/24) 

RadIO 0 ·106 needs inlernl A.S.A.P. to assist in 
r_rch, promotion, and some light phones. 
Call Amy SImon at 565·8006 lor more Info. 
(10/27) 

MeetIng Oct. 27 in North Conlerence room at 4 
pm lor ali interested in planning UCSO entry in 
Martin Luther King Day Parade. (10/27) 

New Buslnel8 GUide needs interns A SAP. 
Management PrOductIon and Circulation As· 
slBlant. Can Connl8 Baker at 693·6020 lor more 
Information (10 / 27) 

Female roommate wanled to lhare large rcorn 
near campus 228 / mo +, I' utilities. Lor I, 457 
0208 ( tO /24) 

FIIbuIouI MoaIIon Beach oceanfront 2 BR/ 20A, 
great view, dlahwaaner, microwave, detu.efurn· 
Iehing, townhouse-lIyte, patio, BBO, partcing. 
"ISO/month lor 3·4 student. 9/88 10 6/ B9. 
C'.atlJean 485·7319 Rulul468·9249 (10 / 28) 
Need a clean. quiet place to live? Master 
bedroom in Iumiahed La JOitI Cotony Condo. 
Watk·in clOset. own tIIIth. wlsher/dryer. Will 
renlto two lor 265.00 mo .• 'I' utW. each. 01 one 
lor 480.00 mo . ..... utH. Ask for BMI, 457·0254. 
(10/24) 

Roommate needed to share Encin~as apart· 
ment. Own room and tIIIth. S380 l mo + util~les . 
Only 20 minutes Irom campus. Laundry. pool, 
iacuzzi, tennis. Call Arlene 632· t 759. (10 /31) 

Roommate needed In 3 OR Crown Point house. 
Own room with two clOsets, Wisher & dryer. 
Great location ".r beach & tilly iust t 5 min. 
form campus. S3OO/mo +' I' ut~rties & 5200 
deoOsit Available tI l l . Please call Karen 273· 

7956. (10/24) 

100 sees. from campus, by bike! Close, cheap. 
and beaut~ul. Master bdrm, wI bath. $5SO. or 
bring in roommate lor 5270 ell Share nice 
house w/3 other studenlS. 546·8273. (10/ 24) 
Apartment In 0eI Mar aVlilabie immediately. 2 
bedroom, 2 bath, lurnished, cabte T.V., 100ft. 
from beach, S900 month. Contacl Dennis Mul · 
ligen at 755-7983. Ma. Oee 3. (10/24) 

.. l< ,.. -"'"'!aX- ' ,. ttA "W "" "@+ "'1+, 
, ", ,t,"v ,:.. ',;.t.,.-'''' -' - ",v)l' 

,. 

-t _ ..... ' <.",',;;~i 
Lost: Fell out Of a bact<pack • somewhere on 
campu8. Family heirloom Dunhill tighter en· 
graved. "Hedden." $25 cash reward. Call 
566-12&4 evenings. (t 0 / 24) 

Found: 1987 UniverSIty H.S. class ring on 
tO/17. Call 552·9011 to claim. (tO / 24) 

Tutortng • A prOv.l methOd towards beIler 
grades. AlilubjeCla. Reasonable rales. Inlo /· 
Appt .. call JenniIer 755-266Il. (1 / 12) 

Student typing. Fist and efficient. IBM wl iaser 
prinler. 52.oo/ DS page .. lnput·Output (Mira 
Mesa) 53Q-00I70. (1211) 

Computer, Stereo repair, upgrading low rates, 
tOO day warranty. Weekends OK' Ne.t 10 
campus. Call COMPUFIX 535·0930. (10 / 27). 

WORD PROCESSING, Student Rates. 7 days a 
week, Excetlent Engtish Skitts 755·2683. (t t 18) 

LET MY FINGERS DO THE TYPING. Proles-
slonal word processing, laser printer. Excetlent 
copy editing skills. I'll make you look good. call 
Tammi 482-8783. (11 / 28) 

TYPING· Thesis, Ph D.s, M.A.8, Term. All lormatl. 
Rush lobs·MARIE, 931 ·9596. (11/28) 

MOVing, relocating or iust sending st.uff home. 
Let us show you the way, the Wright Way. 
Packing and hiping e.pert8 bast rates In San 
Diego. and special Bludent bonUaes. See our ed 
in Ihis issue, and calI2J8.0388. (10/31) 

Typlnglwork processing-LOW.Cost term papara, 
theaes. resumes. High quality la_ prlntlrtg. 
Nadine 578-00196. (1211) 

TRANSLATIONS· English. Spa~ish: .French, 
German, Portugueaa. Literary. lCientific, legal. 
Prompl. Retiable. Frank 942·9207. (11/7) 

Word Processlng/Typtng • IBM Maclntosn 
sy1Iema, API. available· rush jobs specialty. 
Bur1<e Secretarial · Ctalremont 274·8305 (21/1) 

EIectrOlyM (HIJr Removing) 1.200 to 1,500 
hairs per hour. OtgaBan CaN 619·226·1962. 
(tO / 31) 

Word Processing Services. Professional quality 
j~ Reasonable rates. Call 566·9096 (evenings.) 

(10/27) 

Persons wantJng a 
N EW LOOK 

FREE 
Haircuts, Perms, 

& Color 
All work performed by 

professionals 
call Pam 

161914J2-6764 

Typing · last, accurate, reasonabte. Computer 
grlphics ava~abte • pick up and delivery 
available. Call 575-7791 . (10 / 24) 

We'. pay you to lose weight. lOO'M1 natural. Dr. 
recommended. Call Leslie at 565· t644. (10/ 24) 

Sa.ual Harassment: What is ~? Know your 
righll Know your opIions. Workshops: Thurs., 
Oct. 27, 2:00·3.00, North Conference Room. 
Everyone welcome. For more info" call 534· 
5793. (10/27) 

Personahzed. quality flight InstructIon. I've been 
flying the southwest lor 15 years. and win teach 
you 10 fly youraelf to Mammoth, Grind Canyon. 
Monteray, Sedon • . Best rates. bast equipment. 
453-21001. (10/24) 

I. I 
Surfboard by Rutty. 6'6" trHin. Yettow. very 
nice, no dings. note·guard, tractop. Call Tom. 
792·6958. (10123) 

< • 

For Sate! Computer set LESS THAN ONE YEAR 
OLD! Tandy tooo EX 2561<, NLO Tandy tOlA 
printer, Tandy VM·4 monochrome mon~or. Plus 
software. stand and documents. Superb condi· 
tion and graat for word processing and games. 
Everything for $800 or bast offer. CaM Oscar 
546·8<422. (10/27) 

80 Chevy Crtatlon. 4 dOOr hatchback. new 
transmISsion. SO.OOO miles. $12SO obo. 452· 
6938 ewnings. (10 /27) 

Computer: Apple II plus. 2 drives. monItor. 80 
column card, modem. 5270. 534·5759 or 457· 
5456. (10 / 27) 

For Sale: Progressive sur1board 5'8" TwinFin 
with bag, leash. Brand oow condition, SI490b0. 
558·2092. (10 / 27) 

Student deal<. 5 drawers, oak linish, $90 obo. 
Good cond~ion. Cal Jenny 558·7035. (10/ 27) 

HPThinkjet printer with paper and ink cartridges. 
Very quiet. St SOobo. 452·6938evenlrtgS. (1 t 13) 

Wetsuit and water roner. both elmost oow. Ocean 
gettIng cold, tapwater realty sucks. Bargainl 
792 -6958. (10 / 27) 

Commodore 64C with monitor, computer, prInter. 
hard dIsk and more lor 5325 /0bo 558· t429 1 
(10 / 25) 

Oishwasher: Kenmore excellent condition, one 
year old portabie/ buiH In 5250.00. 746-7736. 
(10 / 27) 

FORO FtEST A, 1978. for sale only $4SO. Call 
Phil 679·8260 (eves) or 233-83 t 3 (days). (121 t ) 

Must setl. 6'2" caster Tri·Fin $80, ROSSIgnol FP 
camps (200 cm) wrth Tyrolla 3800 bindings 
barety used, $1 SO. K2 VO Unlim~ed (190 em) 
$40. All prices negotiable. Georga 792·0055. 
(10 / 24) 

NIKON NIKKORMAT 35 mm wllh 500 mm 
zoom and excetlent tripod. Brand new. Only two 
rolls 01 lilm have been through~. Must sett, $290. 
Uniden radar detector. X and K beam reception. 
Stim, unnoticabte, and accurate. Pays lor Itself 
quickly, $90. Glblon electric bass with hard 
case. alrap. and cord. Short neck. Sounds great. 
5225. No phone. Write: P.O. eo. 993«. Pacific 
BeaCh. 9211)'). for immediate reply. (10 / 24) 

Sony Di.man lor sale, SI oo/ b.o. Listen to your 
favorite music on C.D. 558·8719 Alexl. (10 / 27) . 

IBM xr Compatible Computers • Comptete 
systems wl 30 meg hard drive, S990, or 2 360K 
IIOppy driVes, $790. Brand oow wl l year parts 
and labor warranty. 558-0985. (10 / 24) 

Two one·way lickets San Diego to Boston 
12120. $180 each. 259-5238. (10/27 ) 

Greal truck! 78 Chevy Luv. oow tires, $12SO 
obo. 481 ·3213 eves. (11 13) 

82 Yamaha ViSIon 550 Good cond~ion Recant· 
Iy tuned, IIlCludes cover, $900 obo. Chuck 259-
9095. ( tO/27) 

Mount.ln Bike • excetlent cond~lOI'I. hardly 
been used. 37500 o.b 0 Call Bryan at 558· 
8769. (10/ 27) 

1980 BMW 320i, AlC. sunroof, stereo. mags, 
metaNic greay. 1031< mites. E.cetlent, $4,800 
obo. 452· 1558 Tore. ( tO / 27) 

Must sell: Baron 1 0 speed bicycle. E.cetlent 
rust Condit Ion. Like new, $1 .000 obo. Bargainl 
556·2186. (10 / 24) 

I I 
Order lakers. tuH or part· lime. Days. eves. up to 
S10 hour. 285-8059. (10 / 27) 

Good money. flexible hours. Tetemar1<eters 
needed. Full and part·tlme available. Set appts. 
only. no setting. Hourly wage & commISSIon. 
Close to UCSO. Call Dam 453·8770. (10 / 31) 

Wanted: Drivers lor Pizza Hut Delivery. Make 
S7· SS / hr afler lips. Must ba flexible. have 
Insurance. own vehIcle. and be at least 18 yrs. 
old call 492-2310 or apply at 742 GenevIeve. 

Su~e T., Solana Beach. Ask lor Dan Miller. 
(t0 / 24) 

CrUlseShips now hIring lor Christmas, next 
spl'lng and summer breaks. Many poSItlOl'ls. Call 
(805) 682·7555, ext. 8-1023. (10 / 27) 

Make up to $ 1.000 per week! Great sales 
expenence; make your own hours: no e.per· 
lence necessaryl Call Jell aI286· 9632. (1 0/24) 

Need a JOb Winter Break? I need some lun-
loVing people to work on a Christmas promo· 
tional at U.T.C. call Vivian balore 9:30 pm 944· 
1209. (10 / 24) 

Restaurant at La Jolla Shores hiring part-tIme. 
no experience necessary. FIe.,b1e hours, Iree 
meal, close to UCSD. Kevin 454·8038. (11 128) 

Pnntlng: Entry level part·tlme two r1IQhts weekly. 
Posrtion now open with NMh County publishIng 
company. Excetlent opportunity for hard·worklrtg 
Individual to learn new skills and earn e.tra 
money. 744·0910. (10 / 31) 

RepresentatIve lor leam Greek. a Greek mar1<et· 
ing and promotions company. Make your own 
hours and great money. Call tor an intervIew 
287·0t38. (10/ 24) 

Earn some e.tra Income while working al your 
own schedule. Corporation needs more man/-
womanpower to help with growing consumer 
demand. Easily earn from S50Q-$5000 per 
month. For more Inlormation. call Mark at 556· 
2339. (10127) 

Imperial Savings needs interns A.SAP. call 
Mary Allan Bedri at 278·4060 lor more info. 
(10 / 27) 

Wanled: Transportation lor two to Oingo 
8oIngo's 10 / 29 / 88 concert at Irvine Meadows. 
Will pitch In lor ga8. Call 558·8949 or 558·9260 
ASAP. (10 / 27) 

Oistribution: dah_ magazines, car nee" part. 
time, fle.ible hours. S8.SO/ hr. Krls 233-4080. 
(10 / 27) 

Wanted: Radically Inclined Skiers for Utsh ski 
trip. Check out Announcement section lor 
details. (10 / 24) 

I 
Restauran! at La Jolla Shores hiring part-time. 
no e.perience necessary. Flel<ibte hours, free 
meal, close 10 UCSO. Kevin 454·8038. (10/24) 

WANTED: 68 peopte. We'lI pay you to lose upl0 
25 excess Ibs. in the next 30 days! Dr. recom· 
mended. lOO'M1 guaranteed. No drugs. Cal: 
Katie 565·8696. (10 / 27) 

To Inlormally chat with A.S. President Maynard 
Dimmesdale at the "all you can aat" SOC com· 
muter breakfast in the Warren Provost Confer· 
ence Room Tuesday. October 25, 7:30·10'00 
am! (10/ 24 ) 

Gunnder Smgh: Call Gill Singha t St. Germain's 
455-t414 T·S 6-3 pm. (10 / 24) . 

Shalom everyone! Come 10 Oneg Shabbat this 
Friday 7 pm Mandeville Su~e. In TIOg& Han. 
LEHITRAOT! (t 0 / 27) 

Now is • greal lIme 10 tour the Price Center 
construction sIte. meet at 4 pm on Wed., Oct. 26 
In front 01 Central Library. Free T ·shirts while 
suppbes last

' 
(10/ 24) 

Congratulations 10 the AOPi pledges! All of you 
have come a long way, but the lun has iust 
begun!! (10/ 24) 

DelICious drinkIng water. NSA Waler Treatment 
Syslems lets you ;enjoy delicIOUS treated water 
in comfort 01 your home or apanmen!. Ifs the 
mdoern replacement lor bottled water at a frac· 
tlon 01 the cost (appro • . 3' per gallon). To try it 
out FREE call Mark 556·2339. (1 0 / 27) 

Get lhe In·N·Qut urge. Coming soon to a park-
ing lot near you. (10 / 24) 

Want to learn who's really running San Oiego? 
Come meet members 01 La Jolla, Del Mar, and 
San Diego City councils at the Internationsl 
Cetner. Wednesday at 6 pm. Refreshments 
served! (10/ 24) 

What does the Bible really say about values? 
Join United campus Ministry Bible Study and 
DiscussIOn. Informed resources, open discus· 
sion. lellowhsip. Tuesdays. 5·6 pm. Campus 
MinIstry Office, Student Center Bldg. "B:' Inlo: 
4·2521 . (10/ 31) 

Buy your lall le.tboo~s now. The University 
Bookstore textbook depar1menl is returning 
books baCk to the publisners beginning October 
3t . 1988. (1 0 / 24) 

MUir Commutersl Commuter Council meets 
Wednesdays at 5 pm in the Muir Apanment 
Lounge. Be there! (10 / 24) 

Kenny. SurprIse is the kay • isn'l that what you 
saId? Thanks lor a meglCll and memorable 
long weekend. Liz. P.S. good luck in football. 
(10 / 24) 

DavId · Your bike has been at my place TOO 
LONG!! - So I'm setting it Adam. (10 / 24) 

Radically Inclined Skiers, how about a great 
time In Utah over Thanksgiving? Check out 
announcement section for details. (10 / 24) 

Greg A.M .• Happy tour year anniversary! With 
all my love and affection. Nancy AP. (10124) 

Brother Correct·O·B811 XL·I Iypaw<iter. $65. ,----------------------------
Call Pam 587·9794. (10/24) 

Honda Aero·50 1985. Excetlent cond~ion. 
Perfect for IChooi. Cover. Helmet incl Blackl red. 
$4SO.OO Call 455·1583 weekends or leave 
message. WeeknighlB call collect 818·985-
0116. (1 0 /27) 

.- - -, nENTIOi- --. 
• Undergrads, Grads, ProIaaors : 
• and International Students 
• LET UI TAlE THE 
• HAIIU OUT OF 
• IELOCAT ••• I ~~~ 

a Best Rat .. in San Diego a Door· 
to-Door Service e No Weight 

Minimum a Insurance Av_bIe 
FIIEE Plck·V. VatU 
No" •• Mr 21, lt1S 

wit" _ _ flo_ of flail .d 
2401 B Pacific Highway, 

San Diego C A 92101 
(619)238-0388 

____ e CUP . SAVE. ___ _ 

r.===a.- ""'''===::;'1 ...... _-" 
SCHOLARSHIPS 

FOR MEDICAL 
STUDENTS. 

Medical school costs are rising every 
doy. They're climbing foster thon many 
students can handle without the right 
kind of finoncial help. If you're a 
medical student the Air ForcB may 
hove the best answer for you. We offer 
on 8xcellent scholarship program that 
can eose the financial strain of medical 
or asteopothy school and allow you to 
concentrale on your studies. 
Participotion is based on competitive 
selection. Let the Air Force make on 
investment in your professionol future. 
For more information, call 

1~2~USAFTOLLFREE 



24 Monday 0 • ctob~r 24. 1988 

The Pumpkin P'easers 

581-1151 
,--------------I Present this ad fo; ;;;,;, - - - -
\ surprise Halloween Treat! 
I I 
, _____________ ~".:d~: ~".:-'~/~_ J 

UCSD
' oellclouS CtlICt<EI'I Fl'Jnp.,S. 
• BURR\10S. V·.coS• and 

NACHOS are iust a teW ot 

the tresh. natural lOcOl\me-

entreeS to nelp satisfY your 

La Jolla Village convenience Center (near Ralph's) 

,
----------------------------------------

, ' 

i : ~ ",,",' Ilil~" ' ..- Il/l~" , I~ combO BurritO ~ soft loco supreme 
'1\ ae9· frles ' ae9· frles 
1/ ~ i6_0Z.0rlnk 

.' 


