
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1988 VOLUME 65, #17 o 

II_tina .... Ch.ncellor - UCSD students had an opportunity 
to question Richard Atkinson at a small Monday night gathering. 

Judicial Board Hearing 

UCSD Chancellor Delivers 
State of University Address 

By BILL HAUER 
Contributing Writer 

In a gathering billed as a "State 
of the University Address," 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson met 
with the public Tuesday to outline 
UCSD's plans for the future and 
to field questions from the audi-
ence. 

Atkinson opened the meeting 
by giving a short presentation on 
the long-range plan for the Univer-
sity of California and the master 
plan for UCSD. 

He noted that UCSD is sche-
duled to grow from its present 
16,000 students to over 26,000 
students by the year 2005. Ulti-
mately, the campus will have 
27,500 students, he predicted. 

"The underlying assumption is 
that no campus should grow to 
large," Atkinson said. "LA and 
Berkeley are at their maximum 
size . .. which means that other 
campuses will have to grow." 

The bulk of that growth will be 
in the San Diego, Irvine, . and 
Davis campuses, according to 
Atkinson. 

Besides growth on existing 
campuses, the UC system is 

expecting to open one to three 
additional campuses. 

"Whether we have one or three 
more campuses will be a function 
of demographics .. . of the 
percentage of high school gra-
duates who want to attend the 
University of California," 
Atkinson said. 

The top 12.5 percent of graduat-
ing California high school students 
have traditionally had the oppor-
tunity to attend a UC school. 
During the '50s, '60s, and '70s, 
only about five percent of these 
students chose a UC education. 
During the 80s, the rate has grown 
to eight percent. 

"So, we'll probably need three 
more campuses if the rate stays at 
eight percent," Atkinson said, "but 
if we have a five to six percent 
rate, we'll only need one." 

The UCSD Master Plan, mean-
while, helps the school to prepare 
for the anticipated increase to 
27,500 students and designates 
Hmd uses for future buldings as 
well as roadways, walkways, and 
bicycle paths. 

A unique aspect of the current 
Master Plan call for a park to 
run through the campus. 

"The park wiIJ run from the 
wooded north through the campus 
to the hospitals [in the east]," 
Atkinson said. 

Audience members queried the 
Chancellor on subjects ranging 
from national politics to campus 
day-care to university involve-
ment in local education. 

On political issues, a spectator 
asked Atkinson whether he antici-
pated being appointed science 

See A TKINSON, page 3 

Students Meet 
Chancellor 

By ERIC CHAZANKIN 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD Chance\1or Richard 
Atkinson addressed student ques-
tions during an AS.-sponsored 
"Meet the Chance\1or" forum last 
Monday. The issues Atkinson 
spoke on included nuclear wea-
pons, community relations, the 
college system, and problems in 
the psycholosy department last 
Monday. 

Atkinson was flanked by Vice 
Chance\1or of Undergraduate Af-
fairs Joseph Watson, A.S. Presi-
dent Maynard Dimmesdale, and 
A.S. Programming Commissioner 
Tom Rhee. Each member of the 
group fielded questions from the 
audience in their area of expertise. 

UCSA Rep. To Keep Position Various drafts of the UCSD Master Plan are now circulating through different campus depart-
ments. 

"I'm happy to have sessions 
like this ," Atkinson said, facing 
an audience of about 30 students. 
"This is a meeting which is rather 
well attended." 

By LAURrl PROCTOR 
Siaff Writer 

The A.S. Judicial Board deci-
ded Tuesday that Vaughn Rex 
will remain in office, halting AS. 
President Maynard Dimmesdale's 
attempt to remove him from the 
appointed position of UCSD's 
representative to the University of 
California Student Association 
(UCSA). 

In the Board's formal ruling, 
Judicial Board Chair Jon Berke 
wrote that "Prior to this decision 
the re ponsibilities of the UCSA 
Representative were vague," but 
added , "Were similar circum-
stance to occur in the future, 
these would constitute just cause 
for removal ... from office." 

Dimmesdale fir t told Rex he 
was fired during a UCSA meeting 
last August, when Rex would not 
pledge to vote for Dimmesdale's 
choice for UCSA President. 

While Dimmesdale and UCSD 
Vice President-External Mordecai 
Potash agreed that UC Berkeley's 
Tisa Poe was the best candidate, 
Rex was con idering UC San 
Franci co' Tracey Woodruff. 

In a discussion minutes before 
the elections were to be held, 
Dimmesdale dismis ed Rex as the 
UCS D repre entative and 
assumed the po ition himself, 

OPINION ••• 
• FEATURES ...•. 8 

SPORTS ..•.....•. 12 
• CLASSIFIEDS ......... 15 
o plus hiatus 0 

voting for Poe. 
At the Judicial Board hearing 

held last Tuesday, Dimmesdale 
argued that his removal of Rex 
was justified because "the position 
[of UCSA Representative] is 
simply to represent the President." 

He maintained that the position 
was created because it is not feasi-
ble for the President to attend an 
of the UCSA meetings. "When we 
were interviewing," he said, "We 
made it quite clear what Vaughn's 
responsibilities were." 

Although Rex had told t-,is 
interviewers that he would vote 
the way the president wanted him 
to, he added that !le had since 
discovered "several ambiguities in 
the Constitution" regarding the 
position's responsibilities. 

Rex argued that the position 
was meant to represent the 
Associated Students rather than 
the A.S . President or Vice 
President-External, saying, "I am 
held accountable solely to our 
A.S. Council." 

The Judicial Board ruled that 
the UCSA representative speaks 
for the ASUCSD, and that before 
makinganydecisions should exam-
ine "any and all information ... 
including but not limited to the 
advice of the ASUCSD President, 
Council, or the Vice President-Ex-
ternal. " 

hiatus 
They pulled me out 
kicking and screaming 

Because the Council was not 
present at the UC Davis meeting, 
Rex's only A.S. input was from 
Dimmesdale and Potash. 

The Board decided not to 
remove Rex from office, however, 
because "The evidence showed 
that neither party understood the 
responsibilities of office. " 

The Judicial Board had pre-
viously heard the case of Vaughn 
Rex vs. Maynard Dimmesdale, 
and ruled in favor of Rex . 
Dimmesdale had declined to 
testify or present a case, saying 
that he had not received adequate 
notice of the hearing's time or 
place. 

In the previou case, A.S. Vice 
President-Administrative John 
Robison had acted as spokesper-
son for ~ex, arguing not only that 
Rex's dismissal was unjustified, 
but that Dimmesdale had exer-
cised a "misuse of power. .. 

Robison quoted the A.S. Con-
stitution as saying, "No ASUCSD 
officer may appoint him / herself 
to any position within the 
ASUCSD or in its subordinate ' 
organizations. " 

He said that Dimmesdale did 
not have the authority to fire Rex 
"on the spot," without Council 
approval, and said that removing 
an officer requires a proper 
Judicial Board hearing. 

h7 

After his remarks, Atkinson 
opened the floor to questions. See CHANCELLOR, page 3 

Medical Waste Persists; 
Military Link Believed 
By ERIC CHAZANKIN 
Associate News EdilOr 

San Diego County Supervisor Susan Golding revealc:d yesterday that 
some of the medical waste which has been found on county beaches has 
been traced to the Defense Department. 

Flanked by Gary Stephany, deputy director of County Environmen-
tal 'Health Services, Golding told reporters that certain I. V. bags have 
been traced to a military distribution center in Lyoth, CA Most of the 
waste, however, has yet to be traced . 

She also explained that, even if the source is traced, the dumping of the 
waste may not have been .a crime under current law. This is due to an 
exemption from normal hazardous waste handling procedures for sour-
ces which generate less than 220 lbs. of the waste each month. 

Golding has proposed an ordinance to close this "loophole." 
"I asked the Board of Supervisors to pass an ordinance," she stated, 

"and we wil be bringing it back to the Board ... " 
The resolution includes a proposal for the establishment of an ad 

hoc committee to look into the problem which would include repre en-
tative from UCSD. 

It would also broaden the definition of medical wa te to include 
blood and urine. 

Stephany said that "The Navy has been very cooperative" in helping 
to trace the waste. When we first called them, they were out 
immediately ... 

"The Navy recently passed new regulations, "Golding added , "[and] 
I understand that the Veteran' Admini tration, i considering new 

SPORTS 
Big weekend for 
UCSD sports 

See WASTE, pale 7 



~-- - - - - ---------~----== S H 0 R TS =--== - ---- -- ------- -- -
- - - ~ ---------------- -- - --- -- - - - - -

- -- --

I~ UC NEWS 
U CB Students Protest Continued 
Involvement in South Africa 

BERKELEY - An excited crowd of about 200 
people marched from Sproul Plaza to the student 
dormitories at UC Berkeley Wednesday, Oct. 26. 

The students were protesting against the University 
of California's continued investment in companies in 
South Africa. 

During the march, the crowd chanted "U.S., UC, 
out of South Africa!" The crowd then burned effigies 
of UC Berkeley Chancellor 1. Michael Heyman, 
South African President P.W. Botha, Yitzhak Rabin 
and a "capitalist" pig. 

Stephen Swanson from the Campaign Against 
Apartheid criticized the UC Regents plan of a three-
year disinvestment of 29 American corporations in 
South Africa . 

"Not a penny has been divested," Swanson claimed. 
Campaign Against Apartheid member Patricia 

Seery disagreed with the Regents' plan, saying the 
companies are only those "directly" invested in South 
Africa, having factories or employees located there. 

She said the University must divest from companies 
indirectly involved, such as IBM, which "has divested 
in name only. That company is still supplying compu-
ters to South Africa." But UC spokesperson Rick 
Malaspina, who works for the UC Regents treasury, 
said the three-year program, begun last year, calls for 
the selling of "one-third of our portfolio each of the 
three years" from a list of 29 American companies 
originally in South Africa. 

- Seth Masket, The Daily Californian 

U C Berkeley Program to Help 
Students Develop Safer Sexual Habits 

BERKELEY - a new program at UC Berkeley 
aims to help students develop safe sexual habits . 

The new Sexual Health Peer Education program at 
Cowell Hospital was prompted by a campuswide epi-
demic of sexually transmitted diseases. 

Students are advised by peer educators, who are 
trained interns with at least one year of experience as 
contraceptive counselors or medical assistants. 

In addition to providing information about coping 
with venereal diseases, the program gives students a 
confidential setting where they can voice their con-
cerns about sex and sexuality. 

The program runs fo r 15 hours each week and its 

BLOOM COUNTY 

goal "is to show students how to integrate safer sex 
into their lives," said Cowell Hospital health educator 
Karen Gee, who coordinates the program. 

Noel Kaufman, the Daily Californian 

U C Berkeley Fraternity Pledges 
Arrested for Hazing Activities 

BERKELEY - Seven fraternity pledges were 
arrested b UC Berkeley police Friday morning for 
two separate alleged hazing incidents which fraternity 
members say are a harmles Greek tradition. 

The pledges were cited for hazing and released. 
They are scheduled to appear in court on Nov. 18. 

Five pledges, all belonging to the Kappa Alpha fra-
ternity, were arrested after police received reports that 
a man was being assaulted near Evans Hall on the UC 
Berkeley campus. 

When police reached the area, they stopped a car 
with five men in it and found one man in the back 
seat with his "ankles and hands taped together, and a 
handcuff dangling from one wrist," UC Berkeley 
police Sgt. Ted Greczyn said. 

The victim suffered a minor cut from the incident, 
according to Greczyn. 

Another incident, which resulted in the arrest of 
Phi Sigma Kappa pledges took place shortly after on 
the steps of Sproul Hall , Greczyn said. 

Responding to a report of assault and battery, a 
university police officer found a Phi Sigma Kappa 
member on the ground resisting the pledges, who 
were trying to tie his hands together with tape, 
according to Greczyn. 

"The victim was struggling and yelling for help," 
Greczyn said . 

Both incidents on Friday have been brought to the 
attention of the university student conduct officer. 

- Elizabeth Aoki , The Daily Californian 

U CSB Buildings Evacuated Because 
of Unidentified Foul Odor 

SANTA BARBARA - The Physics building and 
adjoining Broida Hall were evacuated for about 30 
minutes after several reports were made of an uniden-
tified odor on several floors of the main Physics 
building. 

The facilities were emptied at approximately 2:35 
p.m. to enable Environmental Health and Safety offi-
cials to examine tfle Physics buildings 

According to EHS environment hygienist Russ 
Grayson, it was determined that the odor was proba-
bly caused by normal fume hood exhaust of chemicals 
used in the facilities . He suspects that offshore breezes 
may have blown the chemical exhaust back into the 
building through open windows. 

However, several chemistry students who left the 

by Berke Breathed 

building believed that the smell was caused by a spill 
of the harmless chemical that is added to natural gas 
to give it an odor as a precautionary measure. 

When students, staff and faculty were allowed to 
return to the building at 3 p.m., traces of the odor 
were still present although it had largely dissipated, 
said Santa Barbara County Fire Department Capt. 
Ed Harris. 

- Amy Collins, Daily Nexus 

Irvine Library Shelves Books 
Marked "X"in Reserve Room 

IRVINE - The UCI Library classifies a shelf of 
books in the Reserve Book Room as "X" books, 
which include the titles The Cocaine Handbook, The 
Joy of Sex, A History of Eroticism and The Anar-
chist Cookbook. 

All of the! "X" books aren't x-rated, however, but 
include books from the 1800s, scripts from actual 
movies such as "Dog· Day Afternoon" and "China-
town," books bound in leather and velvet, small 
books, oversized books and collections of maps. 

"The shelf is a repository for odds and ends -
books that don't belong anywhere else," Deborah 
Hutchins, Supervisor of the Reserve Book Room, 
said. 

Although the shelf contains book like The Anar-
chist Cookbook which illustrates how to make LSD 
and bombs, and gives recipes for cooking with mari-
juana, The Cocaine Handbook,which shows how to 
check for purity in cocaine, and The Joy of Sex, 
which describes different sexual positions, the books 
are not located in the Reserve Book Room because of 
their topics. 

Library administrators place certain books, which 
are likely to be mutilated or have been stolen man 
times in the past, into the "X" collection Reserve 
Book Room shelf for extra protection. 

- Jennifer Roberson, New University 

U C Berkeley P .E. Department 
May Have Funds Cut 

BERKELEY - UC Berkeley's College of Letters 
and Science is considering cutting the physical educa-
tion department's funding in half. 

To increase funds for courses overenrolled every 
semester, Biological Sciences Dean Beth Burnside 
suggested last month that funding for temporary 
staffs be reapportioned, with PE suffering as much as 
a 50 percent funds reduction. 

Despite the fact that this suggestion was not even 
an official inquiry, several PE faculty members fear 
such a reduction may take place. 

Activity Supervisor Al Kyte said he is worried that 
if the college drastically cuts the PE department's 
budget, the university would sacrifice "high Quality, 
professional instruction." 

- Seth Masket, The Daily Californian 

I f UCSDINFO 
Committee for World Democracy 
Presents Sugar Cane Alley Tomorrow 

The Committee for World Democracy will show 
the movies Sugar Cane Alley and Commodities: Cof-
fee is the Gold of the Future tomorrow at 7 p.m. 

Sugar Cane Alley is set in Martinique in 1931. The 
film paints an idea of native life under the French 
colonial rule through the eyes of a young boy learning 
to reconcile the value of his shanty-town roots with 
the educational opponunities that invite him to the 
big city. 

Both films will be shown free at TLH 107. 

Congressman Bates Announces 
College Graduates Program 

Congressman Bates announced that the California 
Executive Fellows Program has twelve positions 
available to college graduates to serve in staff posi-
tions throughout various agencies and departments of 
the Executive branch within the state of California. 

March 11, 1989 is the deadline for filing applica-
tions to the program. 

Fellows accepted to this program will be assigned 
to specific areas and must fulfill the full range of 
duties normally expected of employees in state service 
in addition to their academic responsibilities. 

Fellows will receive a monthly stipend of S 1500 
monthly, medical and dental benefits, and twelve 
graduate credits in government from California State 
University, Sacramento. 

Applicants to the program must have a baccalau-
reate degree and an interest in public policy. How-
ever, no previous political experience is necessary. 

-Compiled by Leesa Lilht 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS Thursday, November /7. /988 3 

ATKINSON: Chancellor Fields Questions on the issue. Other obstacles to University 
sponsored day-care, according to 
the Chancellor, are "crazy" 
restrictions the University places 
on such facilities . 

Continued rrom pale 1 
advisor to President-elect Bush. 
The question took the Chancellor 
aback. 

"Not me, I'm a Democrat," 
Atkinson replied. 

Atkinson did comment that a 
science advisor should be named 
as soon as possible. In the past, 
the post has remained vacant and 
has been filled "as an after-
thought," according to Atkinson. 

Atkinson was also asked 
whether Proposition 98, guaran-
teeing lower education a substan-
tial percentage of the state's 
budget, will draw money out of 
the UC system. 

"The answer to that is Yes," 
Atkinson stated emphatically, "as 
long as we have to deal with the 
Gann limit, we could get hurt 
pretty badly." He noted that the 
UC system is not the only one that 
will be hurt by Prop. 98, as all 
government agencies will becompe-
ting for the remaining money. 

and absorbed the losses by using 
reserves and putting off selected 
payments until next year. 

"It will take a ten percent 
increase just to stay even ," 
Atkinson said. 

The Chancellor also predicted 
that "If the University'S budget is 
cut again next year, the UCsystem 
will limit enrollments . [UC 
President] Gardner is tough 
enough to do it." 

The budget was also brought 
into question when a questioner 
asked about planning for future 
day-care facilities. Atkinson said 
that the latest subcommittee has 

care be raised through private 
donations. 

"It's an important issue on 
campus ... but we have to some-
how fi nd the money," Atkinson 
said . "The likelihood is not great 
that I can raise it from private 
sources. 

"The Question is, will the federal 
government make the effort more 
feasible by providing tax breaks? 
Bush is supposedly willing ," 
Atkinson said . 

Atkinson said that the state 
government might be a place to 
look for funding, and suggested 
that the employees' union lobby 

One audience member Ques-
tioned the Chancellor about 
UCSD's relations with the sur-
rounding community. Atkinson 
replied that he thought relations 
were good, but that some La 
Jollans have "amazing attitudes" 
about the University. 

"Some La 10llans who were 
around in the sixties think we're 
all communists up here," Atkinson 
said, relaying the story ~ of a 
meeting he had with a La Jolla 

See ATKINSON, pa.e 7 

"I hope they name someone 
early so he can participate in big 
decisions that have a scientific 
component ... such as the S~C 
[supercollider project] in Texa~, " 
Atkinson said . 

The Chancellor pointed out that 
the University of California took 
a $32 million budget CUl this year recommended that funds for day- r--- ---- ------------------

CHANCELLOR:ForumAllows Talk 
Between Students and Administration 
Continued rrom pale 1 

In response to a question from 
A.S. member Layla Kashani a-
bout the University selling land to 
housing developers on North 
Torrey Pines Road, Atkinson 
stated that "land was not sold, it 
was le~sed. 

"We are not at fault," Atkinson 
stated , turning to community 
relations "People can't come along. 
. .. and blame everything on the 
University." 

On a more personal note, he' 
added that "My neighbors call me 
at three in the morning every time 
someone makes a noise on this 
campus." 

and college system in general. 
Atkinson indicated that he 

would like to see the whole stu-
dent body "come together" more 
often, but said that based on his 
experience, doing this might be 
difficult. 

When Questioned about the 
University of California's ties to 
the Lawrence Livermore and Los 
Alamos nuc1e!lr weapons labs, 
Atkinson responded that "I would Vice Chancellor Joseph Watson 
prefer that the United States was at Monday's forum. 
not building bombs, but if the Atkinson, a professor of psy-
United States is going to build chology, also heard a complaint 
bombs, I would prefer that the from a graduate student in that 
defense department not do it ... I department. 
would like the world to be dif- .---=--------------' 
ferent. " 

A.S. student advocate Bard-
Alan Finlan was also present, and 
took the opportunity to question 
the Chancellor about his own 
long-running dispute with the UC 
Administration. 

Finlan asked why he was al-
legedly denied a proper hearing, 
under University policy, on a 
grievance he had filed. 

"This is one of those classic 
cases where human beings have 
different points of view," Vice 
Chancellor Watson responded, 
stating that Finlan's hearing had 
been according to UC policies. 

A.S. Senator Matt Lehrer then 
asked the Chancellor his feelings 
on the University environment 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleosis within 
the last month? If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contribution to 

the medical industry, and 
earn you SSO at the same 

time. For additional 
details call Ms. Vawter at 

Essential Biologics. 
226-1733. 

The student, who requested 
anonymity, said that "currently, I 

'see the psychology department 
curriculum crumbling before our 
eyes. 

"I hope the department isn't in 
that bad a shape," Atkinson 
responded . "The department, I 
think, has had a remarkable 
tradition. 

Atkinson offered to meet with 
students and faculty to further 
examine the concerns expressed 
at the forum. 

Budget Student 
FARES 

• EAST COAST ... $250 
• BAY AREA ...... $58 
• LONDON . . .... $530 
• SYDNEY .. . .. . .. $768 
• CARIBBEAN .... $340 

Based on round trip far. 
Book Now· Setlls Limited! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

HOLIDAY 
STORAGE SPECIAL 

--------------------I 25 OFF Any small. I I 0.(. med ium or large I 
I Ie, frozen yogurt I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I VOId w llh any Ol her offer I 
I ToppIngs nol Included I One coupon 10 a 
I c ustomer I Expires 11 120/ 88 
I Hours: 11 -10:30 Mon.-Thurs. I I 11 -11 Fri. & Sat. I 
I 12-10:30 Sun. I 
I 771O~1d.,_'0I (lnYon . 5I'lopp,ng Cenler ) I 

--------------------

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
• Early Pregnancy Testing 
• Pregnancy Termination 
• General or Local Anesthesia 
• Afford(lhle Birth Control 
• DiagnOSiS & Treatment 

of Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases (STDs) 

Call the College Line 
619' 535' 1379 

for Student Discount 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

• Olficrs Throullhou' Sou.htrn California 

The Best Shows in Town are at 

DEO GALLERY 
because: 

ALCATRAZ SELF-STORAGE • We cater to students. No credit card necessary. No deposit 'necessary for qualified renters. Movies, video recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent • Huge selection of movies 

5'x5'x8' HIGH. 
5'xl0'x8' lUGH 

'" 

, 

• 
, 

! ... 
~ 

1---' 
\"*,, 

; 

. 
1 • 
. 

"' .... . 

$19 per month 
$33 per month 
5206 Eastgate Mall 

452·1047 
• Truck and Traller Rentals 
• Box, Moving and ShJpping Supplies 

NEW RELEASES: E.T. 
• COLORS. 3 MEN AND A BABY 

• STAND AND DELIVER. BEETlEJUICE 
We have the fines/ selu/ion of foreign films in the county. 

-Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie-
and get a second rental for FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday Expires 11/24/88 

8843 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. 
AAlPH'S CENTER BETWEEN CROWN BOOKS AND oseo 

HOURS. Sun.·ntun. t t ...... pIII/FrI.-S.. t I _I. pili 

I I I I I I 450·1554 



OPINION---
______________________________ ~~o~~~~---------------------------

4 Thursday, November 17, 1988 

Hunter S. Thompson 
The Pro-Flogging View 

D ear Ralph, I received your tragic letter about your savage, gl~e-sniffing 
son and read it while eating breakfast at 4:30 a .m. In a Waffle 

House on the edge of Mobile Bay., .and I made some notes on your 
problem, at the time, but they are not the kind of notes that an~ 
decent man would want to send to a friend ... So I put them away until 
I could bring a little more concentration to bear on the matter. .. 

And I have come to thi conclusion: 
Send the crazy little bugger to Australia. We can get him a job 

herding sheep somewhere deep in the outback, and that will 
straighten him out for sure; or at least it will keep him busy. 

England is the wrong place for a boy who wants to smash 
windows. Because he's right, of course. He should smash windows. 
Anybody growing up in England today without a serious urge to 
smash windows is probably too dumb for help . 

You are reaping the whirlwind, Ralph. Where in the name of art or 
anything else did you ever see anything that said you could draw 
queer pictures of the 'prime minister and call her worse than a 
denatured pig - but your own son shouldn't want to smash 
windows? 

We are not privy to that level of logic, Ralph. They don't even 
teach it at Oxford . 

My own son , thank God, is a calm and rational boy who is even 
now filling out his applications to Yale and Tufts and Bennington 
and various other Eastern, elitist schools .. . and all he's cost me so far 
is a hellish drain of something like $ I 0,000 a year just to keep him off 
the streets and away from the goddamn windows" , 

What do windows cost, Ralph? They were about $55 apiece when I 
used to smash them - even the big plate-glass kind - but now they 
probably cost about $300. Which is cheap when you think on it. A 
wild bo y with a good arm c.ould smash about 30 plate-glass windows 
a year and s/i11 cost you less than $10,000 per annum. 

Is that right? Are my figures correct? 
Yeah. They are. If Juan smashed 30 big windows a year, I would 

still save $1,000. 

s o send the boy to me, Ralph - along with a certified cheque for $10,000 - and 111 turn him into a walking profit machine. Indeed . Send me all those angry little limely ba tards you 
can round up. We can do business on this core. Just whip them over 
here on the Airbus with a $lOk cheque for each one, and after that 
you can go about your filthy , destructive business with a clear 
conscience. 

The prime minister is a denatured pig, Ralph, and you shouldbeat 
her like a gong. Draw horrible cartoons of the bitch, and sell them for 
many dollars to The Times and Private Eye .. . but don't come 
weeping to me when your own son takes it into his head to smash a 
few windows. 

Have you ever put a brick through a plate-glass window, Ralph? It 
makes wonderful goddamn noise, and the people inside run around 
like rats in a firestorm. It's/un, Ralph, and a bargain at any price. 

What do you think we've been doing all these years? Do you think 
you were getting paid for your goddamn silly art? 

No, Ralph. You were getting paid to smash windows. And that is 
an art in itself. The trick is getting paid for it . 

What? Hello? Are you still/here, Ralph? 
You sniveling, hypocritical bastard . If your son had your instincts, 

he'd be shooting at the prime minister instead of just smashing 
windows. 

Are you ready for that? How are you going to feel when you wake 
up one of these mornings and flip on the telly at Old Loose Court j ust 
in time to catch a news bulletin about the prime minister being shot 
through the gizzard in Picadilly Circus ... and then some BBC hot rod 
comes up with exclusive pictures of the dirty freak who did it, and he 
turns out to be your own son? 

Think about that , Ralph; and don't bother me anymore with your 
minor problems ... Just send the boy over to me; I'll soften him up 
with trench work until his green card runs out, then we'll move him 
on to Australia. And five years from now, you'll get an invitation to a 
wedding at a sheep ranch in Perth ... 

A nd so much for that, Ralph . We have our own problems to deal with. Children are like TV sets. When they start acting 
weird, whack them across the eyes with a big rubber 

basketball shoe. 
How's that for wisdom? 
Something wrong with it? 
No. I don't think so. Today's plate-glass window is tomorrow's 

BBC story . Keep that in mind and you won't go wrong. Just send me 
the boys and the cheques ... 

I think you know what I mean. It's what happens when the on of a 
famous English artist shows up on the telly with a burp gun in his 
hand and the still-twitching body of the prime minister at his feet ... 

You can't even run from that one Ralph - much less to hide, so if 
you think it's a real possibility all I can advise you to do is stock up on 
whiskey and codeine. That will keep you dumb enough to handle the 
shock when that ratchet-head, glue-crazy little freak finally docs the 
deed ... 

The subsequent publicity will be a nightmare. But don't worry 
- your friends will stand behind you. I'll catch one of those Polar-
Route flights out of Denver and be there eight hours after it happens. 
We'll have a monster news conference in the .. .lobby of Brown's 
hotel. See HUNTER S. THOMPSON, pale 6 

Best of Oz: Election '88 Retrospective 

" DAIlN, THIS GU'I 
THE MAN AND HIS MAI(EIlS 

BUSH'S " IlUNNING" MATE 

Letters 

Republicans 
not fascists 
Editor: 

This IS m response to Ron 
Ranson's letter on election "fas-
cism. " 

When I arrived on campus 
election day, I was appalled at the 
number of Dukakis signs illegally 
posted throughout our campus. 
Images of fascist Italy sprang to 
mind : bands of Brown Shirts 
posting and painting pictures of 
their beloved Mussolini on every 
wall , on every street, and on every 
building. 

The rules governing posting on 
campus are very specific, yet some 
individ uals considered themselves 
above the rules . Now they attack 
those who ripped down the signs 
as fascist. Perhaps had responsible 
Italians ripped down signs, history 
might have taken a different 
course. Instead , Mussolini toppled 
the fragile Italian democracy, and 
plummeted his country into war. 
In America, we speak out against 
wrong-doing. 

The point is that it is very easy 
to make an analogy to fascism on 
virtually any subject. As President 
of College Republicans, many 
students approached me at. our 
table asking us to organize groups 
to tear down the Dukakis signs. I 
refused, and encouraged indivi-
duals in our group to refrain from 
such activity. Instead , we merely 
called the A.S. and campus au-
thorities. They had all the illegally 
posted signs down by II a .m. 

Perhaps we should all be con-
cerned about the roving bands of 
fascist UCSD groundskeepers and 
custodians who systematically 

ripped down the signs. Or perhaps 
we should put aside all this 
nonsense about fascism, and real-
ize that they were doing their jobs. 

Byron Gutierrez 
President 

College Republicans at UCSD 

A.S. Works On 
Bridging Gap 
Editor: 

Members of the A.S . and the 
Student Affirmative Action Com-
mittee participated in a cross-
cultural communications work- · 
shop on Saturday Oct. 29. 

The fact that students took 
time out from their busy sched-
ules was indicative of their com-
mitment to working and learning 
in a multi-cultural environment. 
Issues that were discussed includ-
ed: the process of communica-
tion, cultural communication 
styles, and being sensitive to other 
cultures. 

The session was not a reaction 
to something that was said or 
done, or just another gripe 
session. The purpose of the 
workshop was to view diversity 
at UCSD as an asset. 

As a result of the workshop, 
there has blossomed a better 
understanding between these two 
groups. Additionally, students 
have been contacting the Student 
Affirmative Action office to 
reserve films dealing with cultural 
diversity. 

Those students will be awarded 
with a "Certificate of Apprecia-
tion" by the Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs. 

Thank you to the students who 
attended. 

Dennard K. Clendenin 
Student Amrmative Action 

WON'T GO AWA'I. " 

Misinformed 
About Lebanon 
Editor: 

In the letter "Wiesenthal Ig-
nores New Genocide," the author 
fails to present a factual backing 
for the claims made. The writer's 
assertion that in the Lebanon 
War 40,000 civilians were killed 
and approximately 800,000 peo-
ple rendered homeless is com-
pletely unfounded . According to 
a United Nations' census, only 
10,000 people were residing in 
Southern Lebanon at the time of 
the invasion which makes the 
author's claims totally ridiculous. 

In addition, the writer implies 
that the war somehow disrupted 
a peaceful order in Lebanon. 
The truth of. the matter is that 
Lebanon was wracked by civil 
war seven years before; the 
Syrians and the PLO, with their 
terrorist tactics, had already 
thrust Lebanon into social and 
political chaos. 

By claiming in the title that 
Wiesenthal is ignoring a new 
genocide, the author is showing 
ignorance of what is happening 
in the Middle East. The term 
genocide as summarized in 
Webster's Dictionary is the 
systematic attempt to kill off a 
race or people. With regard to 
the Lebanese War, the reason 
for Israel's invasion was a result 
of PLO bombings in Northern 
Israel from its positions within 
Southern Lebanon. The goal of 
the invasion was to bring relief to 
Northern Israeli citizens who had 
been living in bomb shelters for 
the past two years and not, as the 
author claims, to kill off all the 
Palestinians. 

Danny Schechter 
David Feuerstein 

Molly H~uHr 
Jeffrey Hoffer 

The UCSD Guardian 

Asians Deserve Respect 
leiter: 

AI many peopleat UCSD are aware, a cartoon appoarinl in 
the KotIlll titled, "Confucioul Sez"hu met with criticilm from 
varioul individuala and student orpnizatioDl on campus. For 
tbe record. we WCJe the fint to respolld to thia cartOOD, and 
would like to air our vieWI. 

Memben of the Alian Pacific Jalander Studeata Alliance 
(APSA) approached a member of the KotI" ahortly after tbe 
publication of the cartoon. APSA memben lugcated to thil 
individual tbat be take into coaWderation the concerns of 
Asian. on tbil matter, to which be replied, in efl'ec:t, that be 
elidn' care to take the time. 

To UI, the iIIUe bert It .ot ... peeDilar .... of humor of 
individuala on the KotIM 1taIJ, Jut ratlaet. queation: When will 
Alia. at UCSD, I16w co~ over 20 pacent of the 
underpaduatepopuJation, be JkililJOIH R-E-S-p·E-C-n 

We find tts..~.. treatlnlllt fII tlais au. to be )let 
another affront 0'11' Ontoin, ..... to pill equal riahta ill 
tbil cOUIltry. TIM. canaoD it ..... tory.. dellumaniibia, alld. 
draws from 150 ,..an of racist urieat.... inclucli .. Nt-
ManchU iad ChaiUe Chan. Such cartOODI directed ~ 
early ChiDele imnaiJlantl helped to inapire ~ 
ieplation and violence. 

In the 193Oa, in WaltOnville, CaJifomia, anti-Plaillpino riota 
were an aU too COJIlIDOD ace".llnce. Stereotypi.., of Japanese 
in cartoons also helped to justify the incarceration of 120.000 
Americans of Japanese ancestry into barbed wire concentration 
campa tbrou,hout the U.S. duriftl. WWlI. 

We .... co.nrlClent that studenta of aU rICiaI and cultural 
bactJl'ounds can come &oJetber u we try to create an 
atmosphere of mutual _peel .t UCSD aM otber pillcei of 
hipr education. We bad Iaoped the KDfIltI Itaft' would 
participate in theae effortl. We do Dot accept the letter by Ore, 
HufJstutter (KHII; Oct. 21) to M a aiDcere a,..,. We await 
an apoloiY whicb: I) AokDowJedpa the rKiIt, anti-~iaD 
content of tile. OOCoefuciout Soz" CIJ'\OOD aad ita Deptive 
implicatio .. ; and 2) .... dear to 11\ that a~ practices 
henc:erorth cease to exitt OD ,.... of tile KtMk 

A.-Aanu 
..... C_ ,'1M. 

OPINION 

Official View 
On Closing Pub 
Editor: 

As a non-voting Chair of the 
Building Advisory Committee, 
student majority, for the Price 
University Center,l am writing to 
share historical information re-
garding Committee and Student 
Center Board decisions impacting 
the Triton Pub. 

These critical facts were not 
mentioned in the recent front 
page article on the closing of the 
Pub (Guardian, Nov. 10): 
• The Triton Pub is not being 

closed as the Pub space will be 
available on a daily reserved basis 
to UCSD Student Organizations 
for events, programs, and activi-
ties. Beer may be served under 

HOOS~or 
ArRlKA 

IMPOR1S 
• IIqpc 
IIecordII • 1'Ipes. (D's 
• y·SIdItI • 1IuttDnI_ 
• .kwdry • AII1IIIn 
1mpoItI. '-

') T-Mtilt 
. ..,.. 00IIe DruI' 

c.ll the ~ Ifotllne 
/01' eoncm.s 
l~~ ", Hlghwlly 101 

Solana Beach. CA 92075 II 
(619)259-0803 , 

standard campus alcohol guide-
lines and procedures. 
• The Committee believed that 

beer must be served as a beverage 
in the dominant campus student 
food service area, the Price Center 
courtyard. 
• The provider of pizza and beer, 

Roundtable, was selected via a 
student, facuIty, staff committee 
process established by the Plan-
ning Committee and the Student 
Center Board . 
• Mary Ann Davis, current Triton 

Pub contractor, informed the 
Committee that she had no interest 
whatsoever in the provision of 
campus food services upon com-
pletion of the Price Center; Mary 
Ann again c~mfirmed this conver-
sation on Nov. 10, 1988. , 
• The contractual arrangement 

with Gene Capuozzo, Roundtable, 
is similar to the contract with 
Mary Ann Davis. In both cases, 
the nine member Student Center 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1855 VUIa La Jolla Dr. 

Thursday, /Vovember 17. /988 5 

Board is the advisory agency. 
• UCSD has the same operation-

al input and control over con-
tractor Capuozzo, as contractor 
Davis. 
• The design and furnishings of 

the Price Center Pub have been 
reviewed and approved via the 
University Center Board. 
• The Associated Students and 

the University Center Board will 
. expand the Grove Caffc!facilities and 
menu (soups, salads, sandwiches) 
during renovation of the current 
Student Center, scheduled to 
begin during April l May of 1989. 

The above decisions were fre-
quently discussed with College 
Councils, Student Media, the 
Associated Students and the Stu-
dent Center board as the plan for 
Price Center operations evolved 
over the past five years. 

Tom R. Tucker 
Assistant Vice Chancellor 

Undervaduate Affain 

AUTO 
INSURANCE. 

N .. d nol be expensive 
Spt!cial Collt!le 

Student Prol,am 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

.!iJfmerll· Oak Ll'aJ Ins . 
3131 C ... ino 
Del Rio North 

~315 

4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 
(next to Penguin's) 452-9222 

A Nice Place to Eat and Relax 
at Reasona"'e Prices 

• Lunch Specials. Quality Meats. Soups. Lasagne, Quiche. Free Parking 
• Great Salads. Nachos & Draft Beer. Super Hot Dogs. Free Delivery wi":!.!:' . 

WEEKDA Y SPECIAL • 
_ t 

$1 OFF : 
any sandwich • 

or Supreme Salad : 
Not valid With other coupons. 

1 coupon per customer Good Mon ·Fri. 2·5 pm , I 
Sat. ALL DAY thru December t . 1988. • 

-SATLJRDA Y SPECIAL 
. . 

Free soft drinks 
plus $1 On 

any sandwich 
1 coupon per customer. 

GOOd thru December t 1988. 

~--------------------------------~~ was geftrlg jealous of 01 the 
new looks in perms from Lo. do •. 
So he grabbed 0 jet and headed 
home to LI.do.h-. to check 
them out, and zoomed bock to Son 
Diego wiIh sUtcases M of the latest t"" .... 
techniques and ideas. So now you ~ . - --
con ~ Ic~ yo,ur Br~ish cousins! Now C.OI\.V ~I\.t~ol\.~e 
Rolph ISn't jealous anymore. 

..... -. - ~Of)\~l\.t~, ~~V~4 
$~~'t $p~~6.e4 
c.~~'}<t C.~~f)\p4 

SSOff 
with~ad 

• 
• I 
• 
• 
•• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

rUL,I.oIIC;JI - 401 UMVERSITY - 2t1·CUT$ 
PACIfIC lOCH - 1447 GARNET - 273~TS 

OCUlI lEACH - _ NEWPORT - m·3n7 
COLLEGE -102t El CAD \lVO. -""5052 



6 Thur~dQy, November 17, 1988 

Hunter S. Thompson 
Continued from pace 4 

Say nothing until I get there. Don't even claim bloodlines with the 
boy. Say nothing. I'll talk to the press - which is, after all , my 
business. 
Your buddy, 
HST 
P.S .: Jesus, Ralph, l think I might have misspoke myself when I said 
ten thousand would cover it for the murderous little bastard. No . 
Let's talk about thirty, Ralph. You've got a real monster on your 
hands. I wouldn't touch him for les than thirty. 

THANKSGIVING 
''Family Reunion" 

Mom and Dad coming to town 
for the holidays? 

FOR 1-4 PEOPLE 
INCLUDES: 

• A luxurious two-room suite w ith separate bedroom, 
living room with sofa bed, microwave and refrigerator 

• Full cooked·to ·order complimentary breakfast every 
morning 

• Two hours of compl imentary beverages each evening 
• Pool , suana. whirlpool and exerecise room 
• Located just 2 miles fro'm UCSD 

--------At Your Option --------
71wnksgiving Buffet Dinner 

$14.95 adults. $6,95 children 

EMBASSY 
- ?.-.--~-SUITES HOTELS 

4550 La Jolla Village Dr . 
San Diego, CA 92122 

(619)453-0400 
On a space a va ilable baSIS 

OPINION The UCS D Guardian 

Israel Accountable for Human Rights 
EdItor: 

The letters in protest of the critical response 
to Israel's policy toward Palestine leave me dis-
gusted. Of course, the Holocaust was a terrible 
tragedy, one that should never be forgotten. But 
genocide - and racial killing - has happened 
since WWII, and deserves to be remembered or 
stopped now. 

In these letters (Guardian. Nov. 14), where 
the critic is dismissed as a racist, where the 
killings of Palestinians are written off as in the 
name oflaw and order,. see an underlying tone 

which implies that the 1011 of Jewish life is 
somehow more of a tragedy than a Palestinian 
one. 

Justifying the killinas of innocents Oust last 
week a S-year-old boy was shot through the 
chelt by an Israeli soldier - to "protect" 
society) is shockinaly similar to the ideals ofthe 
Third Reich. 

I support a Jewish nation. And Israel, a full-
fledged nation of the world, must be held 
accountable for its human rights violations 

Na .... withheld by requ.t 

The Guardian welcomes allielters. Just type, double-spaced, what 
you have to say and mail it to: Opinion Editor, the Guardian, UCSD 
B-O 16, La Jolla , CA 92093 . Please include your name and phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit all letters. 

Read It 
and 

Recycle It! 

JOHN SHAW, Edilor In Chi'f 
LARA MIHATA, Managing EdilOr 
SETH SLATER, Nt. ·s Edilor 
KELLY FLANIGAN, Opinion Edilor 

JULIE M NRO, Fealures EdilOr 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports EdilOr 
SABRINA YOUMANS. Am Editor 
CYNTHIA CAMPBELL. Assoda/t Arts Editor 
LARRY WEI TRAUB, MusIC Edilor 
KATHLEEN DONAHUE, Pholo Edllor 
L.EESA LIGHT, Produclion Manager 
APRil SMITH, Copy Edilor 
RICK FORD. Graphics EdilOr 

ERIC CHAZANKJN, Assocla/t N ... ·s Edilor 
DA VID WYNER, Associate N.",s Edilor 
ALI SAOIGHIAN, Associa" Pholo Edllor 

MICHAEL FOULKS. Adv"lISlng Mallager 
SHENDL DIAMOND, Busint .. Manag" 
MIKE MARTINEZ. Advtrliring Dtsigner 
JEFF SYMON. Advtrlumg Rtprestntalivt 
JO PINCEK, Adlmising Rtpresentative 

Senior St'lff Writers: Annamarie 8czzendes, David Brook.s, Peter 
MeSSlobian. Isabelle Tihanyi. L.arry Wein"aub 
talf Wrilm : Vincent Andrade. Marci Aronovil1 •• Cynlhia Chesy, 

Jill Colley. Denise Dador. Amanda Datnow. Randy Dotinga. Susan 

Hylen. Brian h ow. Kenneth Jensen. Patty Jetlle. Miles Kan. John 
Kearney. Mark Kenney. J eff L.ambeth. Adam L.evy, Leesa Light , 
Philip MacGovcrn. Mike Martinez. Nancy Muntner. Laura Proctor, 
Porsche Shantz, Wendy SU:init" , Dennis Woo 
Photol"oph ... : Jill Rabior, Susan Faulhaber. Peter Mes robian. 
Michael Parnes , Wyatt Rosenlal, Ken Reinstein, Rlmas Uz.giris 
Illustrators: Remy Avanclo, Janie Mandras.on, JefT Quan, Jon R. 
Uyesaka. Lois Yu. Alina Zorceno 
TypHd1 ... : Cynthia Campbell. Cynthia Chesy. Roark Dority, Jeff 
Kile , L.ara Mihata. Catherine Seidel 
Copy Road ... : Rand y Dotinga, Susan Gross. Eric Springer 
Production Crrw: Marci Aronovilz, Nicole Bennett , Stacy Long· 
street. Nancy Muntner. Arnie Nguyen, April Smith, Julie Sonntag. 
Jeff Yamaguchi 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thurs-
days during the academic year by and for the students of 
UCSD. Reproduction or use of this newspaper without per-
mission is strictly prohibited C 1988, all rights reserved . The 
Guardian is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts or 
an. 

Views expressed in writing and in graphics do not neces-
sarily represent the opinions of The Guardian, the University 
of California nor the Associated Students of UCSD. 

The UCSD Guardian, B-OI6, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 534-6588 
Business: (619) 534-34'6 

CREDIT COSTS LESS! SAVINGS EARN AfORE! 

The Golden 1 Visa Card 
* No annual fees. 
* 15% ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE 

"Finance charges begin from the date your purchase or cash advance is posted to 
your account, so there is no grace period , but you do have a period at the end of 
the billing cycle to pay your account in fuUto avoid further finance charges. 

The Golden 1 Visa II Card 
* Low $15 annual fee. 
* IS%ANNUALPERCENTAGERATE 
* 2S-Day interest free grace period on purchases 

when the balance is paid in full. However, 
finance charges for cash advances begin on 
the date of the transaction. 
There is a $1 .00 fee per cash advance made at any VISA Network ATM. 

5IM* SYSTEM ~ - 1 'L ,_ .. -_.-- ] I -~-·I k ~ 

Earn better than average rates on 
Money Market Accounts, Certificates 
of Deposit, and regular, passbook~ 
type savings accounts. Call toll~ 
free for the current rates. You'll 
be surprised to learn how much 
more your money can earn. 

LOW COST FINANCIAL 
SERVICES ARE AS CLOSE 
AS YOUR TELEPHONE 
The Statewide Service Center provides ton~free 
telephone service to Golden 1 members statewide. 
Golden 1 Telephone Representatives can open accounts, 
take loan applications and provide you with information 
about credit union services. Call toll~free, Monday 
through Friday from 8 AM until 5 PM. 

1-800-346-4776 
Membership in The Golden 1 Credit Union is open to 
faculty, employees, and students of University of 
California, San Diego and members of their families. 

* £X!'I.OR[ fQUAl IIOIISI'" LENDER 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS Thursday, November 17, /988 7 

WASTE: Coastline Dotted By Debris "I would hope that those mem-bers of the medical profession who dispose of less than 220 Ibs. would 
start complying now [with her 
proposed law)," she stated. Continued from pale I regulations. " 

The new Navy regulations, 
Golding explained, prohibit Navy 
ships from dumping medical waste 
closer than 30 miles away from 
land. Previously, dumping was 
permissible whenever they were at 
sea. 

Golding said that, while there 
was little chance that the AIDS 
virus could have survived, the waste 
is potentially dangerous. 

"Safety is a real and legitimate 
concern, because of ... hepatitis 
and other infections which can 
survive," she said. 

However, "Most of what we 
have is not infectious," Stephany 
added. 

Bags of the waste, which have 

ATKINSON 
Continued from pale 3 
woman planning the ceiebration 
of the Bicentennial. 

After they had agreed on most 
aspects of the celebration plans, 
the woman very hesitantly asked 
whether UCSD would "break with 

been showing up on County 
beaches in recent weeks, were dis-
played next to Golding along with 
a chart showing the many different 
locations where the medical refuse 
has been found. 

More waste has appeared in the 
last few days at UCSD area 
beaches, Discoveries last Tuesday 
included La Jolla Shores, Pacific 
Beach, Solana Beach, and Del 
Mar. 

The waste has included syringes, 
pills , bandages, plastic packets, and 
glass vials . 

Golding said the sudden arrival 
of medical waste on beaches in 
recent weeks is puuJing and feels 
that there may be more of a rise in 
public conciousness of the waste 
problem. 

"(Perhaps) the public is more 
coru.ious of the danger," she contin-
ued. "We think that it is being 
noticed more." 

When asked where the rest of 
the waste might have come from, 
Golding replied that "we can specu-
late, but that's all." 

Stephany suggested that little of 

"Safety is. a real and 
legitimate concern, 
because of Hepatitis 
and other infections 

" 

the waste could have been dropped 
from Navy ships judging by its 
condition. 

" It shows very little wave action," 
he said; "It hasn't been in the water 
very long." 

Golding is hopeful that all the 
publicity may help to alleviate the 
problem. 

-Susan Golding 

. Eric Chuanldn/ Gu.irdian 

She also explained that all 
medical waste is supposed to be 
disposed of in red trash bags, and 
expressed the hope that doctors 
would use the red bags. 

Editor's note: Mary .Betty Heard 
contributed to this story. 

SUNNY'S 
PIZZ- A 
RESTAURANT 

<r> STOP BYAND ENJOY YOUR FAVORITE 
IT ALlAN DISHES 

Located at 7863 Girard 
(corner oj Girard and Wall) 

FREE DEUVERY 
45~2822 
~ .......... ......... ~ .. ~ ................. ......_ ..... It. 

its standard" of not flying the STATE FUNDED 
American flag . 

"DON'T WORRY 
BE HAPPY" 
T-SHIRTS 

"I took her and showed her that M OTO R CY CLE 
we do fly the flag here, at about RIDING 
five different places on campus," 
Atkinson said. He added that COURSE 
UCSD's community relations are ENDS DEC. /3 
especially good when compared 545.00 Printed Bold and Bright on 

classic 100% heavyweight 
T -shirt . Sizes: M, L. XL. 
FREE shipping anywhere in 
U.S. Send $12.99 check or 
money order to: Peter Grimm, 
2440 Soto Street, Suite 101, 
San Diego, CA 92107. 

to o~her campuses. 
"Santa Cruz and Santa Barbara (under 15) 

are virtually at war [with their • Motorcycles" Helmets 
communities) ... Davis and Pro\'lded 
Berkeley are having problems." • 17 Hours of Instruction 

On the subject of his proposal • Class .. License 
to open an Extension Center down- • Insurance Discounts 
town, Atkinson said that the idea • Limited Enrollment ErIc Cbuankin/ Guardian 
was not carefully planned and is aag of Wa.t. _ These items were found on Black 's Beach in La Academy of 
"another area where we don't Jolla , and have become a centerpiece in the growing controversy Motorcycle Training "DONT WORRY BE HAPPY" 

great gift YOU order now have funds." over medical waste appearing on San Diego County beaches. 569-4255 
"It was an off-the-cuff remark ..---------------------------' 111 ___________ ... 

[at a downtown meeting) that got 
lots of press attention," Atkinson 
said . "It's more a fishing line that 
[was) thrown out." 

He said the only way UCSD 
will have a permanent site down-
town is if a developer agrees to 
fund 'the building in exchange for 
rights to develop an area on the 
model of John Hopkins 
University's extension program in 
Baltimore. 

When asked about UCSD's 
involvement in local education, 
the Chancellor outlined some 
areas where UCSD is contri-
buting, but noted "We're not 
funded to do K.-12 ed"Ucation. 
There are limited things a 
University can do." 

by Christina and Char; 
WOMEN 514 

(reg. $25) 
MEN 512 
(reg, $19) 

For appo;lIIlIIflll. plea.le 1'011457·1930. 
8950 Villa La JolIlI Dr., Sle. 1120, LII Jolla 
(behind EI Toriro direclly al'rms ramp.) 

DR . BRIAN JUDELSON, D.D.S. 

DENTISTRY 
in the Golden Triangle 

Conveniently loc8ted 8t 4130 La Jolla Village Dr. 
Ste. 204 (next to Anthony's Se8food) 

546-7667 
.---Student Special - SAVE $65 -- • 
• FREE EXAM & X-RAYS· • 
• I • when accompanied by regular cleaning by our • 
• hygenist for $35 (reg. $100 for all services) • 
: UCSD SPECIAL - 20% DISCOUNT : 
• on lJdditiona/ treatment • 

~----~--------------- ______ I 
e.... au~ INIIn cuiIIne m. r8King Iftd ........ ~ 1I""".amo!Phete 

and eq:IadIiu" cInng overloaWng h LIi JaIa COlla 
'Winner/Southern C'affomM Restaurant WrlteB,"'.ccWJon Award. " 

'~/lent food and serol~" 
Ramola Mclhalani 

Corporate ""--8er. Taj Group or Hotels, 8 ' .. , India 
Speciallllng In Tandoori (, vegetM'lln clBhes, 

mild to hot spky curries (, deliciOUS Blryanies. 

open 7 Days 
Lunch: 1 I :30- 2:30 
Dinner: 5:00 - 9:30 

:7JshoJa 
CUISINE Of INCM 

lteervations 454·6263 
Moderate Price · All m~or cr" 

cards are accepted. 

8008 Girard Avenue, laJoIe 
(2nd floor e«ner ot IowE'r Girard and Protpect. St.) 

r--------------------------------

II 20% OFF ;~~~TS~~~~ULTY i AND STAFF· I 
I · EXCLUDING FRI .. SAT., SUN. "HOUDA YS II PI~a$e pr~$ml coupon ",It~n oriNrin,. L ________________________________ J 



_8 Th_ ursda
Y
_'Nov_ember_17' 19_88 -F EAT U R E S----

_____________________________ ~~oq~~~--------------------------

The Radically Inclined Ski 
Club Takes on Aspen 
By JULIE HEIMLER 
Guardian Intern 

I magine: You are curled up in front of a warm fireplace 
with a cup of hot cocoa, 

enjoying the heat as the cold 
snow is fallin.s outside . You are 
surrounded by your pals in an 
atmosphere conducive to your 
common interests, skiing and 
having fun . As you and your 
friends peer outside, it i obvious 
that it has just snowed; the snow 
on the ground is powdery and 
fresh, and the conditions seem 
perfect for skiing. 

The group i called the Radi-
cally Inclined Ski Club, and, 
according to the club's president 
Paul Mourani, members are in-
volved in anything to do with 
skiing in terms of recreation and 
fun. The 450 member club is 
comprised of both advanced and 
beginning skiers, and is the largest 
club on campus. 

The club plans three ski trips 
during the year, which are usually 
held during Thanksgiving break, 
wintel vacation, and spring break. 
Also, depending on the year and 
the interest, a fourth trip is 
organized during President 's Day 
weekend in February. 

Mourani said the club's main 
purpose is to "get everyone out 
there and be social and have 
attraction and events other than 
the three trips a year. "Therefore, 
ski trips are not the only events 
RISC organizes : a $15 one-year 
membership fee includes a free 
or discounted price entrance into 
all R I SC trips, events and parties. 

Quanerly social events the club 
sponsors include get-togethers 
after RISC meetings, a tradition-
al "kami" party, as well as "atti-
tude adjustment" parties, which 
are held shortly before ski trips . 
The purpose of these parties is 
for people who are going on an 
imminent ski trip to socialize, 
form a sense of team unity and 

Rubes® 

get their attitudes "adjusted" for 
the trip . 

The last "attitude adjustment" 
party, Saturday ov . 12 at the 
Triton Pub, featured the group 
Life in General and, according 
to Mourani, was a huge success. 

When asked what the popular-
ity and attraction of the club is , 
one member commented that 
with the campus becoming more 
and more anti-social , he sees 
RISC as a means of meeting 
peuple with the common interest 
of skiing and having a good time. 
He also sees it as an alternative 
to a fraternity or orority because 
it is open to both men and women 
and there is no commiltment. 

The first trip of the year, which 
is the annual Thanksgiving ski 
trip, will be held in Salt La~e 

ity, Utah, and participant will 
ski in the resorts of Alta, Snow 
Bird , Powder Mountain and 
Brighton. The $245 price of the 
trip include roundtrip trans-
portation by bus, a "fully stocked 
party bus ," lodging at the Salt 
Lake Hilton for three nights, and 
lift tickets for four days . 

UCSD has won the 
All-Cal Cup eight out 
of the past nine years. 

The trip that seems to be most 
popular, however , is the All-Cal , 
in which students from all the 
UC cam puses (except Berkeley, 
whose semester system conflicts 
with the trip) travel to Colorado 
for a week of skiing and fun . This 
year, however, the trip will be 
divided into two one-week trips 
due to the fact that UCLA's win-
ter break is different than the rest 
of the UC's on the quarter system. 

The first week of the trip , which 
takes place Dec. 10 to 17, includes 

By Leigh Rubin 

Steamed Vegetables 

students from UCS D, Irvine, and 
Riverside; while students from 
UCLA, Santa Cruz, and Davis 
will comprise the second trip from 
Dec. 17 to 23. 
- The All-Cal this year i going 

to Snow Mass in Aspen , Colo-
rado. Although the price of the 
trip varies according to the mode 
of transportation, the package 
includes lodging in a hotel or 
condominium, five days of lift 
tickets, free race clinics, and 
admittance to all parties and 
events. 

The All-Cal Cup is awarded to 
the school that has accumulated 
the most points during the week 
based on their performance in 
such activities as ski races, broom-
ball tournaments, a costume day, 
and a thumper contest. 

UCSD has won the All-Cal 
Cup eight out of the past nine 
years, including the past five 
years, and are hoping to take 
home the trophy again this year. 
Mourani believes that this win-
ning streak is a direct reflection 
of the club's comraderie and 
organization. 

Along with the All-Cal events 
already planned, Snow Ma swill 
be celebrating its 25th anni-
versary, and the town of Snow 
Mass will be roped off to accom-
modate such activities as a per-
formance by John Denver, light 
parades. fireworks, a Casino 
night, and the premiere of a 
Disney movie. 

With all of this excitement, 
Mourani predicts that there is no 

way to be bored on the trip 
because there will be so much to 
do. 

Tickets for the Thanksgiving 
trip will be sold until Friday, 
Nov. 18, and tickets are presently 
being sold for the All-Cal at the 
Box Office in the Student Center. 

High Tech Invades the 
Phone Service Market 
By ERIK KNUTSEN 
Guardian Intern 

"Hello, I'm not in right now 
but if you want to leave a 
message ... " 

For technology buffs, this of ten-
repeated phrase need no longer 
come from the electronic mouth 
of a hum ble answering machine. 
Now, a complex computer system 
can handle those important in-
coming calls. 

A concept known as "voice 
mail" is one of a number of 
communications fads to cater to 
the fast-paced lifestyles of the 
80's. Voice mail computer sys-
tems are , basically, deluxe an-
swering machines maintained by 
answering services and private 
companies. Users can rent memo-
ry space from these systems on a 
monthly basis .. Voice mail com-
puters store incoming messages 
digitally, allowing the caller to 
alter the message by punching 
numbers on a touch-tone phone, 

"With voice mail, if you don't 
like the message you left, you can 
change it," said Paul Shilling, 
owner of Imax , a voice mail 
service. 

"Since it's computerized, you 
can listen to the message again 
and either add to it, or delete it ," 
he added . 

After callers leave a mes age, a 
voice comes on to offer several 
options (replay, deletion, or 
addition) which the caller acti-
vates by pressing the buttons of a 

touch-tone phone. Giving the 
unsure callers these options may 
help them leave an accurate 
message and eliminate the stage 
fright they may feel when talking 
to an answering machine . 

A voice mail user listens to 
messages by calling the number 
and punching in an access code. 
The access code also allows the 
user to change the initial greeting. 

Those who rent a voice "mail-
box"havea number of communi-
cation benefits. A network on a 
voice mail system, like a com-
puter E-mail network , allows 
subscribers to send messages to 
each other and to send the same 
message simultaneously to a large 
group of people on the system. 
UCSD's own voice mail system, 
available to faculty, staff, and 
some campus organizations, is 
such a network. 

In the worlds of business and 
academic administration, this 
allows bosses to contact a large 
number of employees with a 
single call on a touch-tone phone. 

Terms and prices vary. Month-
ly charges begin at $12to $20 for 
a limited storage base . If the 
voice mail subscriber continually 
deletes messages, the mailbox 
will accept an unlimited amount 
of call . 

Voice mail is clearly not for 
everyone. For most private indi-
viduals, a conventional answering 
machine, while it doe not offer 
the features of voice mail, is still 
more cost effective; maintaining 

~ VOICE, pale 9 

/ 

UFWGrape 
Boycott 

By ADRIANA ALVAREZ 

A maJonty of students have 
heard of the issues raised by the 
table grape boycott . Students may 
not know, however, that the 
boycott was triggered and is sup-
ported by the United Farm 
Workers Organization. 

It is a subject that has captivated 
the Hispanic community, since 
the people who are directly affect-
ed are Hispanic farmworkers who 
are in direct contact with the 
fields in which the table grapes are 
grown. 

The details that are involved in 
this dispute , however, are those 
that directly affect the general 
public as well, since the health 
concerns involved are not just 
those of a small, Hispanic interest 
group. 

For years, farmworkers have 
felt the effects of the intense compe-
tition that goes on among grape 
growers. Among the many tactics 
used to get ahead in the market 
has been the use of restricted-use 
pesticides, utilized for the sake of 
the fruit's appearance . 

One of the many chemical that 
the U.F. W. is attempting to ban is 
Dinoseb, which was outlawed by 
the U.S . Environmental Protec-
tion Agency in 1986 for its role in 
birth defects and sterility in ani-
mals. Also, 4-CPA, though regis-
tered for use on tomatoes and 
bean sprouts, has not been ap-
proved for grape, and has report-

See GRAPE, pale II 

Editor's Note: Adriana Alvarez is 
a member of M.E.Ch.A., one of 
the student organizations actively 
supporting the grape boycott. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Voice Mail 
Continued from pace 8 
a voice mailbox for a year will 
cost as much as buying an 
answering machine . And net-
working, the most u efulofvoice 
mail features, requires knowing 
a number of people subscribing 
to the same service. 

These systems are more appli-
cable to people with specific 
business applications or large 
clubs or organizations. 

8BJMETRYlAND 
© ''''4 l E!'I lifT .. 'Alil ~14 

FEATURES 

I'ARltI'H 

Thursday, November 17, 1988 9 

Attention 
ALL 

Photographers 
Photo Meeting 

Monday, Nov. 21 5 p.m. 

Now thru Sunday! _ 
CSWEATSALE 

Also, for students who have 
no phone and want to avoid 
telephone company installati,on 
costs, a voice mailbox might be 
an effective way of keeping in 
touch with friends and family. A 
voice mail number also offers a 
degree of privacy and secu rity 
for those who do not want to give 
out a home phone number. 

And for " Information Age" 
buffs, the kind of conspicuous 
consumers who speed down 1-5 
in BMWs calling up friends on 
mobile telephones and saying 
things like, "You'll never guess 
where I am," voice mail offers 
yet another high-tech diversion. 

I THOUGHT IF 1 ORtSSED UP AS A TV , STUDENTS WOULD 
PAY MO~( ATTENTION TO MY L[CfURES , 

Voice mail services try to 
alleviate so called "telephone 

tag," that common 80's inability 
to get two people together on 
opposite end of a telephone 
line . Students who have this 
problem might consider this latest 
electronic solution . 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
SAN DIEGO 

'89 
Planning your winter schedule? UCSD SUmmer Session will 
be offering over 20C courses in two five-week sessions 
IJune 2~JuIy 28 and July M-September 1~ A preliminary 
course list will be available in early January. To receive a 
"" catalog in March, call 534-4364, X13, or mall form 
below, 

I'IIoIe put me on !hi mailing lil1lo receIYe a .... Summer ...... CGIaIog 
In Marcil. 
Namt _____ _ 

AddrIa 
Clty _____ _ 
S1at. Zlp ___ _ 
Mallo: UCSD SI.IMItf SMIon, X.Q04I\JnIwnIIy of CoIbnIa 
Son DiIgoILa Jolla. CA 92093-009. 

rcijiiNci 
ENGAGED~ i 
Want to buy a diamond • 
for a lot less than retail? : SAVE 10%-30% ON EVERY 

SWEAT TOP Be BOTTOM BUY~DIRECTi 
From a New York 

diamond cutting firm 

• Now from $9.10 each 
• Prints. University' . volley 

surf and more 

• Solids in fashion 
and basic colors 

(,La Jolla Village only) 
• Hanes - The Best 

Sweat Made 
CALL SCOTT LEVY, W,'Pa'ifi' ~)'~5 & T5 Representative for details 

• • 259-5188 • 
NOW OI'IN: HOIrTON PlAZA (level 3) 238-9287 

• Clalremont Squar. 272-8808 • La Jolla VIllage Squar. 535{}365 
• PaeHlc leach Pramenade 581-6769 . La Jolla 1241 Prospect 454-7532 
• Encln"as (Lumberyard) 942.0337 • North County Folr 745-9425 

For other laeattons, 1)1_ colilhe above • 
........... J 

~~UDIOr:ILS 
digital music 

Now inLaJolla, DENON ••• 

DENON DCM555 multidisc player. 6 disc capacity/ 4 times Oversampling/ DD«>H 
patellled super linear converter. Price: $549.00. 

Compact disc players, receivers, amplifiers, 
tape decks are all available now at The 
Audloflle, Come experience the pureness of 
digital sound from the company who 
pioneered ·the digital revolution, 

And for a limited time with any component/ 
multicomponent purchase, you will receive 
2 COMPACT DISCS FREE (value up to $35,00) 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 
(nexllo 24-Hr. Food Store) 459·FILE 



10 Thursday, November 17, 1988 

data 
systems 

THE QUALITY GOES IN BEFORE THE NAME GOES ON 8 

DELIVERS 
POWER PERFORMANCE PRICE PORTABILITY 

OPEN H·OUSE DEMONSTRATION 
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22 

University Bookstore Lobby 

Battery Powered Laptops 
Take It Anywhere! 

640 K RAM 
8 M Hz 

20 Mb Hard Disk 
Built-in Modem 

UCSD PRICE 
$1999 
Supersport 286 

1 Mb RAM 
20 Mb Hard Disk 

UCSD PRICE 
$3110 

Z-286 AT-Compatible PC 
Small Footprint-17Ibs! 

1 Mb RAM 
Expandable to 6 Mb on 

Main Board /1 6 Mb System 
8 MHz, 0 Wait State 

20 Mb Hard Disk 

FLAT SCREEN VGA 
COLOR MONITOR 

INCLUDED 

UCSD PRICE 
$2389 

10am-4pm 

386 
Super-Advanced AT 

16 MHz, 0 Wait State 
1 Mb RAM 

Expandable to 16 Mb 
40 Mb Hard Disk 

FLAT SCREEN 
VGA 

COLOR MONITOR 
INCLUDED 

UCSD PRICE 
$3779 

r-------------------------------------------------, 
: FREE GIFT REDEEMABLE WITH THIS COUPON : 
I I 
: Tuesday, November 22, 1 0 am - 4 pm : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
: ! -g i::zf.= =11 i:: _=: = ~ = = ff = = =1 : 1534-4291 __ ---ET€€ __ -E::....§~ ff_= i=-j= jj 534-4291 I L _________________________________________________ J 

The UCSD Guardian 

Grape Boycott 
Continued from page 8 
edly been used several times to 
improve the appearance of the 
fruit on the market. 

because they haVtIUIl~ 
what to buy !l1l'~~.IJIIlJnap'a 
profit. 

The 

FEATURES Thursday, November 17, 1988 II 
that this is a universal health issue 
involving each student as a con-
sumer, and a potential victim to 
the harmful effects of the pesti-
cides. 

On Friday, Nov. 18, the campus 
community will witness a fast for 
life carried on by University staff These, among other pesticides, 

have taken their toll on the farm 
workers. A 1934 World Resource 
Center study revealed that 313,000 
U.S. farmworkers continue to be 
aff~cted by pesticides ~ach year; 
theIr symptoms ranging from 
dizziness and vomiting to severe 
skin rashes. 

The pesticide residues on the 
fruit itself have also been linked to 
cancer. 

pesticide 
could not be rinsed away 
water. 

spanic interest ~~ __ l~~~w,;li!e!r«1'le"""" group are the main thrust behind 
ually nformed on the the boycott's pUblicity on campus, 

members, including Revelle Col-
lege Dean Ernie Mort, Director 
of Special Services Nick Aguilar, 
and Third College Dean Luis 
Ramirez. The fasting is an effort 
to bring this issue to the forefront 
of the University'S health agenda, 
and to establish a greater aware-
ness of each student's role rn the 
campaign for a healthier environ-
ment. The UFW has gone to great 

pains to establish rights and 
protection for farmworkers. The 
public is in a position to help 
establish these rights a nd protec-
tions due to the major role that it 
plays as a consumer. Thus, con-
sumers are a powerful force 

subjects of civil rights and health, the student body mu t understand 

CAPE 

® 
Read It 

Recycle It 

would like to apologize to Dr. Vladimir Konecni for the inac-
curate review of Psychology 149 that appeared in the 1988 
CAPE. The course evaluation should have read as follows: 

Students were both astounded by Dr.Konecni's command of 
the material (9) and motivated by his thought-provoking 
lectures (3). Two respondents, however, felt that their 
opinions were not respected and that Konecni's interruptions 
hindered their presentations. The text was rendered a 
helpful supplement (4) to this loosely-structured (3), albeit 
stimulating course (4). 

We regret this error and would like to thank Dr. Konecni for 
his continued support of the· CAPE program. 

The affordable, 
intelligent choice _ 

Carl's Jr. 
UCSD 

Student 
Speci~ 

....................... -.. 

: WESIERN BACON *47 : 
• 
• CHEESEBURGER : 
: REG. FRIES $299 : 
• REG. SOFf DRINK • 
: Offer valid at: 6788 MIramar ltd. : 

eo.poa ...... Dec. 31, 1 .... One otrer per coupon. 
• One coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any other • 
• offer or discount. Price does not include tax. • 
• . ~Carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1988 Carl's Jr •• 
• •••••••••••••••••••••••• 

-----

The Sharp Portable 
Electronic Intelliwriter 

only $163.95 
(suggested retail $199 . 95) 

On sale at the 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

PA-3100E 
-Letter Quality Daisy 
Wheel Printing 

- One Touch Auto 
Word Co rrect ion 

- Auto Underline 
-Auto Ce ntering 
- 65 Character Lift-Off 
Correction Memory 

University Bookstore 
CUJ(( L§)IO ) 

53 4-4291 
Hours: Monday- Friday 7:45 a.m. - S:lS p . m. 

Saturday 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

ENING 

S pEnd a friend)O '/I both paY 
lets yOU a.. . fee . you 

1 special offer loW inItiatIon ish to be a 
our 2 for fer for just one s long as yOU W 
FitnesS Cen rhtv dues for a 

. 'mal mon CLUDE: 
mInI . member. IrlES IN 
continUIng ED FACIL 

NEW EXPA~~. NAUTILUS ~\"I~ES.~t.t 
TAIRMAST oHIGH& ,("ft t7 

• LlFECYCLES S~:R • MORE THA:S~S WEEKLY ,' ~ 
• BODyMA CT AEROBIC CLA S IIII"""'''&' 

LOW IMPA • .~. ~ a: -y- v • i;:D 
u;,:" en 

4405 La Jolla Village Drive (be/ween Carlos Murphy's and Robinson's) 
Some resmelions IIpply. CIIIi center for del.ils. 



_12 __ Th_Ur_s@_~_~_ve_mb_er_J7'_19_88 ___________ ~ ____ ]f»_flk~D~~~~_~ __ . ______________________ ___ 
UCSD Hosts Women's Volleyball Nationals 
Athletic Dept. Prepares 
For Big Weekend 

By JAMES M. BURKE 
Staff Writer 

The gears started grinding almost immediate-
ly for the UCS D athletic machine fo lJowing 
Sunday's announcement that UC San Diego 
would host the 1988 NCAA Divisi on III 
women's volJeybali ational Championship. 

Significant breakthrough 
T his event marks a significant breakthrough 

for the UCSD intercolJegiate athletic program. 
Due to the majority of eastern schools in 
Division III co mpetition and the factor of 
travel expe nse, it has been very difficult for 
UCSD to be alJowed to host a National 
Championship in any sport. This year was no 
exception, as both the men's and women's 
soccer teams were pulJed to the East coast for 
playoff action. 

Three of the four teams in this year's volJey-
balJ final are from the east, but perhaps the 
consistent domination of the Triton women's 
volJeybalJ team in recent years has finally 
earned the program the recognition it deserves. 

However, in order to make this spectacle 
materialize, the behind-the-scenes details must 
first be secured . 

The athletic department 

RI .... U ..... I Guardum 

Dannevik's Tritons 
Ready for Competition 

By JAMES M. BURKE 
Staff Writer 

The "Drive for Five" heads into its final 
phase this weekend when the UCSD women's 
volleyball team aims to shoot down Eastern 
powers in the NCAA Division ))1 National 
Championships at UCS D this weekend. 

The Tournament 
Three of the four teams in this year's 

Nationals have been there before. Juniata Col-
lege (42-6) of Pennsylvania is the only unranked 
team, and will be UCSD's first obstacle Friday 
at 7:30 p.m. in the Triton Pavillion. 

"They're well-coached and improve every 
year. They will be a supreme test ," Triton Head 
Coach Doug Dannveik pointed out. 

The other bracket holds the true test as far as 
UCSD is concerned. Newcomer Wisconsin-
Whitewater casts an unknown shadow as it 
makes its National Championship debut. At 
57-2 with a No.2 ranki ng, Wisconsin-White-
water is sure to offer stiff competition. 

What people may not realize is the amount 
of work and time that members of the athletic 
department are compelJed to put forth in order 
to get the operation running smoothly. Athletic 

See PLANNING, page 13 
Elizabeth Tan skies to spike one against La Verne in last Saturday's West 
Regional. The competition should be a lot stiffer this weekend. 

Illinois-Benedictine (35-5) is a team UCSD 
encountered in last year's National Tourna-
ment and will face Wisconsin-Whitewater in a 
5 p.m. game on Friday. "Their setter is real 
smart. She makes things happen," senior out-
side hitter Ellen Chi commented. Senior setter 
Laurie Bertanyi added that "they should make 
for a tough match. We kind of have a rivalry 
with them .. . it will be a grudge match." 

See PREVIEW, pale 14 

Men's SO,ccer Left Yesterday for New York 

Tritons Go For Title This Weekend 
By JONCARLO MARK 
Staff Writer 

After breezing through the 
Midwest-Far West Regionals 
and Quarterfinals of the CAA 
Division III playoffs, the fate 
of the men's soccer team rests 
in its own hands as it competes 
in the Nationals this weekend 
in New York. 

There is one variable, how-
ever, that the Tritons must 
deal with in their quest to 
attain the championship: the 
weather. Unlike thefair cond i-
tions in San Diego during the 
Regionals and Quarterfinals, 
the team must now battle the 
cold and damp weather of 
Rochester, New York ; the site 
of this weekend's Nationals . 

"If the finals were held here, 
I would guarantee you in a 
minute we would win," Head 
Coach Derek Armstrong confi-
dently stated. ")t is unfortunate 
that money must come into 
play in this situation," he 
continued. 

One reason that the finals 
are being held in Rochester is 
that the other three final teams, 
Salem State, Rochester Insti-
tute of Technology, and Mes-
siah College, are all from the 
East. Thus, the NCAA elected 
to have the location of the 
Nationals closer to the majority 
of schools to save them money 
as opposed to seeking the 
location with the best weather 
conditions. 

Another factor which may 
have prevented UCSD from 
hosting the Regionals is the 
fact that unlike the women's 
vo lleyball team, t he men's 
occer squad has not yet estab-

-

'. 
'" 

Wyatt Roaentall Guardian 

Split Declalon - Mike Bradley (2) battles with an Emory 
defender. 

lished itself as a consistent 
national powerhouse. . 

Historically, the Tritons have 
had problems in the playoffs 
when they have traveled to 
places with unfavorable wea-
ther conditions. In 1986, the 
finals were held at Greensboro, 
NC, where the field was wet 
and muddy. UCSD wa struck 
with three injuries ea rly in the 
game against the University of 
North Carolina at Green boro, 
playing a key role in the defeat . 

"The main pro blem encoun-
tered in bad weather is that the 
forwards can become nullified ," 
said Armstrong. "In order for 
us to win, we must continue 
scoring goals as we did in the 

Regionals and Quarterfinals. 
There is lots of character on 
the team and hopefully we will 
overcome the field problems." 

In playoff action this year, 
UCSD has outscored its oppo-
nents 14-4. 

On Friday, UCSD will face 
Messiah College of Pennsyl-
va nia (18-2-1) and the winner 
will play ei ther R.I. T. (15-0-2) 
or Salem State (17-2-2) on 
Saturday. 

The Tritons reached the 
Nationals by scoring a 4- 1 
victory over Emo ry College in 
the Quarterfinals last weekend . 
UCSD is cu rrently ranked 
fourth in the cou ntry with a 
2 1-0-2 record . 

'Water Polo Wraps Up 
Year on Positive Note 
By DAVID POTICHA 
Sl~Wrltn 

Last weekend, the UCSD Triton water polo team emerpd 
victorious in the Western Water Polo Association (WWPA) 
Championships at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Sprinp, 
capping ofT their most succ:euful season in history. 

In order to play the hOlt team (Air Force) in the fmaJa, UCSD 
had to fint surpass Occidental and Claremont-Mudd. UCSD 
manhandled Occidental 18-1 in its first round match, and then 
held on to defeat C1aremont-Mudd in a closer game, 12-8. The 
Tritons earned the fint place trophy with a 9-6 victory over Air 
Force . . 

The victories marlc the end of the Tritons' beat year in history, 
providing current rankillJl do not change. HcacI Coach Denny 
Harper recalled that UCSD has never "been ranked hiaber than 
10th, which we achieved in 1981." As of now, UCSD is '"Iolidly 
8th" according to Harper, and it would take a minor miracle to 
unseat the Tritons. i'A)Dlidcrina their season is over. 

For the Tritons. tflit raotiq is especially sweet, because the 
men's water polo .... is ...... the few teams on campus that 
competes apiDlt scbolanhip-ridden DivUion lachoo1l, '"tbe bia 
boys," as Harper men to tbeIa. aacl beats them routinely. 

Harper said it was bud to ..... more excited than we were on 
the plane JOina illto Colorado.- eepec::iaIIy Iince they Dew 
Friday's game apinat Occidental.Uloin, to _ a blowout. 
However, they expected the tipt match a .. iut CIaremont-
Mudd. "We'd 'scouted them," Harper said, "ad knew that they 

," 11.0,"'13 

The players lislened to Coach Harper - and then soundly beat 
Occidental, Claremont-Mudd, and Air Force en route 10 the WWPA 
Title. 

The UCSD Guardian 

H 20 
Continued from page 12 
had improved since we la st 
played." The game was close for 
two and a half quarters, but then 
U SD pulled away. 

The Tritons started fast in the 
final game. pulling out to a 6-1 
lead . However, Air Force came 
roaring back and pulled to within 
two at 7-5. " We knew that it was 
going to be tough," Harper men-
tioned . "We were playing in their 

SPORTS 

Triton'Sports Update ... 
Fencing 
The men's overall record of 

5-2 ( 132 bouts won) currently 
has the Tritons ranked second 
in the conference behind Cal 
State Long Beach 7-0 (139) a 
of Monday' sta ndings. 

Following the Tritons are 
the UCLA Bruins, 5-2 ( 108), 
and then UC Santa Barbara. 

Roullding out the conference 
are Cal SI. Fullerton, Caltech, 
Cal Poly Pomona, and Occiden-
tal. Individually for the men, 
the Tritons are first in foil. but 
third in both abre and epee. 

Women's foi l is presently 
ranked second with a 6-1 record 
behind Long Beach. 

See UPDATE, page 14 

home pool; Colorado Springs is r--------------------- -----1 
over 7,000 feet above sea level. so 
a ltitude was a factor ; and they 
had all of the cadets cheering 
them on." 

However, as Harper pointed 
out, the Cadets just used up all of 
their energy in the comeback, and 
were conseq uently wiped out by 
the time they got the score to 7-5. 

The scoring in the game was 
balanced , with four people scor-
ing two goals each. However, for 
the weekend, Dave "Buster" Cal-
der was the hero, scori ng six goals 
against Claremont-Mudd alone. 

By winning the WWPA, the 
Tritons have sent a message to the 
NCAA that they are ready for an 
automatic qualification into the 
NCAA at the end of the year. 
Sixty teams nationwide compete 
in water polo intercollegiately, 
and only eight are invited to the 
NCAA tournament. " It only fol-
lows that the big scholarship 
schools are going to dominate, 
and we can't expect to compete 
for a spot against UCLA, Cal-
Berkeley, or USC," Harper stated . 

Rounding out the tourney: 
Loyola of Chicago beat Clare-
mont-Mudd 9-8 for third place, 
Cal. State Los Angeles defeated 
Loyola Marymount 14-7 for fifth 
place, and in the battle of the 
inept, UC Davis defeated Occid-
ental 15-5 to claim seventh place . 

Planning 
Continued from pale 12 
Director Judy Sweet, Ass istant 
Athletic Directors Earl Edwards 
and Mike Hipp, Athletic Coordin-
ator Marilyn Hill, Assistant Athle-
tic Cooridnator Barbara Long, 
and certain members of their staff 
have been kept very busy this 
week taking care of necessary 
items that the average person is 
probably not aware of as the 
department prepares for what very 
well could be the biggest weekend 

See PLANNING, page 14 

'P.JlCfFIC 
lSLJfND..5 

WANTA 
FUN JOB Cll!.Jl , ONA 

TROPICAL ISLAND? 
Can you play lIolleyball? Tennis? Windsurf? Dance? Sing? 
Playa guitar or other musical insrrument? Not afratcJ to work 
hard? Are you interested in an opportunity !O learn Japanese? 
Or are you just a great personality who can entertain others 
into hailing the time of their lives? If you can do one or more 
of these acrillities, we might halle the job for you. 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB ... 
is a beach resort in Micronesia that caters to guests who 
want to be entertained and play water sports and tennis. 
We have openings for ... 

RECREATION 
COORDINATORS 
& ENTERTAINERS 

Persons to organize and instruct water and beach sports, 
direct games, arts & crafts , and to perform in matinees, din-
ner shows and pool-side skits. Applicants should be high 
energy, extrOlJeTted outdoor types with recreation, sports or 
theatrical experience. Japanese language not essential but 
preferred. Willingness to work hard and learn Japanese is 
necessary. We prooide housing, meals and other fringe 
benefits including round-trip airfares. 
For more information, corne see U8 at the Career 
Services Center on Nov. 17 for a General 
Presentation at 9-9:30 a.m. or 1,1:30 p.m. 

Pacific Islands Club is an Equal Op\Xlrtunity Employer and all U.S. 
laws apply. Proof of eligibility to work in the U.S. is required. 

InVRDES CRLIFDRDISI 
Come meet his army: 

Carl Potts wriler/peDciler • Punisher War Journal 

Jim Lee artist • Punisber War Journal 
Whl'l"e Porta"l' 0 peDciler. &. &. The PUDisber 
Scott W illiams ~bk:~u:isber 

1I1. 1. __ ..... M -J1IIs-

Thursday. November J 7. 1988 J 3 

"SWEAT WITH THE BEST" 

HIGH ENERGY AEROBIC WORKOUTS 
• Several classes dally • No contracts 
• Certified instructors • Pay per workout or per month 
• High & low impact classes • Babysitting available 
• Floating suspended wood floor • Full locker room facilities 
• Fitness and nutrition counseling. Exercise physiologist on staff 

OPEN TO THE PUBLIC - FIRST VISIT FREE 
M. Larry Lawrence Jewish Community Center 

4126 Executive Dr. 
(Located between 1-5 & 1-805 North of La Jo"a Village Dr. ) 

For class schedule and prices c a ll 457-3030 
(For further details contact Ken Rosenthal , Aerobics Director) 

,, __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR_ 

7rlM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

DISCOUNT-
with this ad. Expires 12/1/88 

'Must be presented allime eX estimate. 
Not valid wffh mojo( anglne or transmission repol~ 

11450~94941 
_.-

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. 1~'ft4W' 
IA' •• 

• Camitas • T8m8lea '. 
• Burritos • CtrickenTaoos • 
• came Aaada .• Chilaqui,es 

~. 11:00 AM to 9 PM EVERYDAY! 
.011 in your Ofdttin advanc& for f.". serviQt .-1_ 

Wil!"t coupon any day after 3 p.m. Expires 12/ 1/ 88. 



14 Thursday. November 17. 1988 SPORTS 

Preview 
Continued from page 12 

Co ncerning hosting the Na-
tionals, which UCSD has done 
only one other time fo r any sport 
(women' olleyball in 1982), 
Dannevik said, "This is a great 
tribute to UCSD. Volleyball is 
played more than any other sport 
on campus. 

Dannevik analyzes the team 
Running the show for the Trit-

on this weekend will be enior 
seller Laurie Bertanyi, a pre-med 
student and candidate for both 
All-American and Academic-AII-
American honors. "S he was 
backup until this year. She pro-
vide the leadership, running the 
team in her coach's image. She 
makes the moves her coach would 
if he were on the court," Dan-
nevik stated. 

The strength of the team is 
found at the right outside blocker 
position, with Bigelow and Rachel 
Vetter. "Dee Dee has been play-
ing her best volleyball ever the last 
three weeks. When she's consist-
ent, we win. Rachel is a dynamic 
player. She's erratic, but she has 
the best all-around skills on the 
team." 

The left outside blockers fea-
ture Diana Klintworth and Ellen 
Chi. "They're the heart and soul 
of the team. Diana's an AlI-Amer-
ican candidate, and she's been our 
mo t consistent player all year. 
Ellen's performing in her third 
stra ight championship, and plays 
an important role off the bench 
by filling not only the left , but the 
right blocker also," Dannevik said . 

Jennifer Wellman fills an impor-
tant position as middle blocker a 
does Dana Simone in the back 
row. "Jenny has championship 
experience and rises to the occa-
sion. J call her 'nails' because she's 
that tough. Dana can concentrate 
longer and harder than anyone on 
the team. It's just her and the 
ball," Dannevik said. 

The youth and inexperience of 
the team lie with the middle 
blockers: sophomores Elizabeth 
Tan and Becky Palmer. Accord-
ing to Dannevik, "Eliza beth is 
going to be the best middle blocker 
ever at UCSD, and we've had 
some great ones. She's quick , and 
just a great athlete. On top of all 
that, she's improved more than 
anyone. Becky played on last 
year's championship team. She's 
consistent, has great all-around 
skills, and is our best blocker." 

The UCSD Guardian 

"This is the best team I've ever 
had," Dannevik added. WThe face-
less Tritons are out to prove every-
one wrong. We're driven. No Div-
i ion III team can maintain a level 
of intensity like we can," Dan-
nevik said. 

Planning 
Continued from pale 13 
ever for UCSD intercollegiate 
athletics. 

These duties include the certifica-
tion of the athletes' eligibility, 
arrangement of housing for the 
athletes and the NCAA official , 
practice scheduling, the re-routing 
of intramural events, the employ-
ment of students for the staffing 
of the games, and tournament 
banquet preparation and execu-
tion . 

Howtoma ea _It 

In addition to this, Sports 
Information Director Bill Gannon 
has been deluged in paperwork all 
week. Banners and flyers had to 
be made and placed around 
campus, slats had to be updated, 
rosters confirmed, photos sent 
and received, and game programs 
printed . Furthermore, Gannon 
has to be in charge of distributing 
information to a great deal of 
local high school volleyball 
coaches and t he local media, includ-
ing four television stations (Chan-
nels 8, 10,39, and 51), the major 
local newspapers (Los Angeles 
Times, San Diego Union. etc.), 
campus radio stations, and per-
haps the most important media 
source of all, the UCS D Guardian. 

"The amount of publicity 
doubles at the National Champion-
ships," Gannon commented about 
his first ex perience hosting the 
Nationals . 

The American Express- Card is a hit virtually 
anywhere you shop, from Los Angeles to 

London. Whether you 're buying books, baseball 
tickets or brunch. So during college and after, 

it's the perfect way 10 pay for just about 
everything you'll want. 

How to get 
the Card now. 

College is the first 
sign of success. And 

because we believe in your 
potential, we've made it easier for 

students of this school to get the 
American Express Card right 

now - even without a job or a 
credit history. So whether you 're an 

underclassman, senior or 
grad student, look into 

our automatic approval 
offers. For details pick up an 

appl ication on campus. Or call 
1-800-TIl E-CARD and ask for a 

student application. 
The American Express Card. 

0011'[ Leave School Without It:'" 

Ol91t!1 Amerl(an Elpreu r"~"1 Mellied Sf"I," Complny, Inc: 

More news will break today 
when All-Americans are an-
nounced at the tournament ban-
quet. Further developments may 
arise today if drug-testing (always 
a possibility) is carried out. 

And all of this at a time while 
the men's and women's soccer 
teams and the cross-country team 
have also been involved in post-
season action - not to mention 
the work that always goes into the 
production of regular season 
sports. But considering the overall 
success of UCSD teams so far this 
year, it is doubtful that anybody 
in the office is really complaining. 
"We run a tournament as well as 
anyone in the country," Gannon 
concluded. "And we have a tremen-
dous staff with a lot of experience. 
A National Championship is what 

. you work for . .. this is wh&t it's all 
about ." 

Let the games begin. 

Update 
Continued from pace 13 

Cross Country 
Last weekend 's second place 

finish in the Western Regionals 
for the women's cross country 
team was the highest finish for the 
squad since the initiation of the 
program. Three individual (Mer-
rell Hora, Steven Fenster, and 
Denise McFayden) will be repre-
senting the Tritons in the National 
mer.t this weekend in St. Louis. 

IFC Tennis 
The Sammies (Sigma Alpha 

Mu) pulled what cou ld be consi-
dered an upset when their team of 
Devore and Emert defeated the 
Phi Delta Theta combo of Gallo-
way and Patterson, 10-6. In the 
other bracket, the Sammie team 
of Monnez and Cucina also 
reached the finals , so Sigma Alpha 
Mu had both of their own in the 
last match . The Sammies would 
up with 17 points, the Phi Delts 
collected seven, and both Delta 
Sigma Phi and Tau Kappa Ep ilon 
tied for third with six. 

-Compiled by Phil Gruen 

CLA~!t!IEDS 
--------------------------

Thursday, November 17, 1988 15 

Speak Spanish Total ImmerSion program 
Eslabllshed 1960 Cuernavaca Language 
School Apdo. 4·254 62430 Cuernavaca. MexICO 
(73) 15·46·43. (5 / 8) 

Do you have what II takes 10 manage your own 
business? Manage one and earn $6· 10.000 
during your summer vacation. For an apphca-
tlon call D Brown al Student Painlers Inc 1· 
800-426·6441 (11 / 17) 

All Greek Ski Trip Pre-Party and Informallon 
nighl l November 17 at Pizzeria Uno In PaCifiC 
Beach· between Grand and Garnel on MISSion 
The festIVities begin at 7 pm and go 1111 clos'ng' 
75¢ beer, $1.00 pizza shces Free Ski Irlp 
draWing al lOp m. For more ,nformallon call 
Team Greek 287·0138. (12 / 1) 

All Greek blowout South Tahoe Ski TnpI For all 
SDSU. UCSD and USD fraler""les. SOrOrilles. 
and anyone who wanl to go. Ski Heavenly and 
Kirkwood on Presfdent's Weekend Februal'{ 
17 ·20. 1989 $199.00 3 days skiing. 3 mghls 
lodging, Iransportalion. hf1l,ckels and more ... Call 
for more infOfmallon and registration Team 
Greek office 287-0138 (12 / 1) 

Fraternities and Sororilies - Team Greek is here 
to help youl Team Greek IS a sales and 
promotional company thaI wanls 10 help you 
with party Ihemes. innovallve rush ,deas. and 
sponsorships. We Will print all your shirlS. 
lumblers. galssware, elc lor all your evenls. Call 
us 287 -0138 "We speak your language." (12 / 1) 

Do you have Saturday finalS? If you do and you 
need plane tickels 10 SFO leaving t 2 / 11 and 
returning 1/3 for only 558 round trip . please 
conlacl Jenl al 558·9144 (111 17) 

Steve Vaus Produclions needs Interns ASAP IOf 
markeling & advertiSing or music producilon 
Contact Susanne Wandrack al 292·1333 Of 
visit Ihe Associated Sludenls Inlernshlp oll ice 
located abOve the gameroom (11 / 17) 

Wanllo be involved In programming events lor 
all UCSD resldenls? Come to Ihe ICRHA 
meetings every Monday at 5 p.m. In the Soulh 
Conference Room. Sludent Cenler B. (11 / 28) 

Junior Panhellenic Delegates a'e sponsoring a 
Thanksgiving canned food dnve Bring your 
canned food 10 Revelle Plaza on Tues. Nov. 22 
from 10·3 p.m. and help support the needy. 

(11 /21~ 

SpeCial Auditions. UCSD Thealre 's Slrindbe'g 
Sonala. a new work by Anne Bogart . needs 
mUSicians and claSSical singe<s Units available. 
Audilions Monday 11121 . 4·7 p.m .. B·15O 
Mandevilfe Performance dales: 4 / 13-16. 
4 / 19-22. FOf infOfmation/ audll10n appointments 
call 534-2791 . (11/ 17) 

DON'T WORRY BE HAPPY. see our ad. (1/17) 

Brighlen up someone's day w,th an AS 
Internship Office. BallOon-O·Gram. The Bal-
loon-O-Gram Will con lain assorted candieS and 
chocolale. three balloons. and a special meso 
sage We Will be delivering Ihem on campus 9th 
and 10th week. Buy one at the A S. Internship 
Office abOve Ihe gameroom. near E.DNA. 
(1 tl21) 

A memonal service for B illY Flournoy will lake 
place on Thursday. Nov. 171h al 4 p.m. in Ihe 
Blake Hall Courtyard. Those who knew BillY are 
welcome to anend. (11 / 17) 

KASA Picnic - Saturday. Nov 19. 9 a m.-
Sunsel. Mesa Field. Food proV1ded. call 453· 
8079. (Robert) (11 / 17) 

TSJ H.F A.B.O.B.D. (Bike Rally) - Ihls Salurday 
sign-up Third 's OH,ce of ReSidential Life · 534-
4340 (open 10 everyone) (11 / 17) 

Attn. dirty car ownersl ZBT sponsored car wash 
thIS Salurday (11 / 19) allhe 76stal ion on Pearl 
Slreel Tlckels are available now for $2 50 and 
Saturday lor $3.00 (11/17) 

Surl Club meeting mandatory for leam members. 
Come hear aboullh ls weekend's ladder conlest 
and proposed MeXICO Inp. Thursday PH 1037 
p.m. Bring ideas and refreshmenls. (11 /17) 

"All you can eat ' commuler Ilfeakfasl Tuesday 
7 30: I 0 00 a m Warren s ProvOSI Conference 
Room Only 5O¢ (11/1 7) 

Sand·Pacmeellng 7pm HSS 2154 Comelalk 
pro· Israel polilical acllOn (1111 7) 

HOI new sur! f'lm . "Journey To The Impact 
Zone" Thurs Nov. 17, 7 30 & 930 shOWings. 
USB 2722 (11 117) 

KASA General Meet,ng - Tuesday. Nov 22. 7 
p.m al HL 1402 Important. (1 1117) 

KASA Sports Tournamenl at Cyress College. 
Nov 26. for Informallon come 10 lhe general 
meeling. (111 t 7) 

CSA - KASA Dance. Saturday, Nov 19. 9 P m.-
I a m Revelle Cal OJ Popular Demand (11 / 17) 

TYPING. Te<m papers 10 resumes/rush lobsl all 
ediling InCluded free 453-0656 Or 560·8171 
(leave message). (11 / 28) 

Need book pusllshed? Presllglous small press 
publishes handsome books. ReViews In N'Y 
TImes. etc. 457-1399 (12/ 1) 

Poetl'{ tUIOf Widely pubhshed. NEA Fellowship 
Excellent commenlS by Pulhtzer winne,s. poet 
laureales. reviewers 457· 1399. (11 /21) 
T~lonng - A proven method towards bette< 
grades. All sublecls Reasonable rales Info l 
Appt., call Jennifer 755·2669. (1/12) 

Sludent typing. Fast and efficient. IBM w/ laser 
printer $2.00 / DS page-· lnpul·Output (Mira 
Mesa) 530·0470. (l21t) 

LET MY FINGERS DO THE TYPING. Profes· 
sional word processing. laser printer. Excellent 
copy editing skillS. I'll make you look good. Call 
Tammi 482-8783 . (11 / 28) 

TYPING·Thesis. Ph D.s. M A.s . Term Aft formals. 
Rush jobs·MARIE. 931 ·9596. (11 / 28) 

Typing l word processing-Low cost lerm papers. 
Iheses. resumes. High qualily laser Printing. 
Nadine 578·0496. (12 / 1) 

Word Processlng l Typlng - IBM MaCintosh 
syslems. APA available · rush lobs speCialty. 
Burke Secretarial - Clairemont 274·8305. (12/1 ) 

V.C.R.. STEREO repair. Free estimales! Nexllo 
UCSD. Weekends OK! CaW Compufix 535-
0930. (12 / 1) 

COMPUTER REPAIR. upgrading PC & Mac· 
inlosh. Low rates. free estimates. 100 day 
warranty. Next 10 UCSD. Weekends OK! Call: 
Compufix 535·0930. (12 /1) 

WORD PROCESSING, Sludent Rales. 7 days a 
wee!<. Excellent English Skills 755-2683. (11/28) 

Fralernlties and sororities · Team Greek IS here 
10 help you! Team Greek IS a sales and 
promollonal company Ihal wanls 10 help you 
Wllh party Ihemes. Innovative rush Ideas. and 
sponsorships We will print all your shirts. 
lumblers. glassware. etc. for all your evenls. Call 
us 287·0138. " We Speak Your Language." 
(12/1) 

Need help Wllh your paper? Wrillng lulonal. 
ediling. grammar. structure, ideas Reasonable! 
Pape, Ald . 438·9522. (11 / 17) 

Word Processing Services. Professional Quality 
- Reasonable Rales Call Lisa 566·9096 (even· 
Ings). (1 1/ 17) 

Ski TUnlngl by Ski Team. $15 call Dale a1481 · 
0836 or 481 -5083. leave message (11/28) 

Roommale wanted: $230 / monlh walking dls-
lance to schOOl (on Genesee). InCludes furni -
lure. garage, laundl'{. Call Warren. 558-1275. 
(12/1 ) 

Female 'oommale wanlOd lor winter Quarter 
on lyl Single room Genesse Highlands $300/· 
month . 'I' uI,hlles Furnished. I Y, balhs. W/ D. 2 
re ally COOl roommales Call Dana. Dawn or 
Wendy ASAPI 558· 1964 (11 / 17) 

Share room $228 / mo +'1' ulll,lIes Near Vons. 
wId + pool Call LOri 457·0208 (11 / 21) 

Female roommate wanled. non-smoker Own 
room In lully furnished apartmenl ClOse 10 
campus Laundry. swimming POOl 5337 SO /-
month Available January I . 1989 Call Jennifer 
a1558·1347 (11/17) 

Roommale needed Own room. waSher/dryer. 
pool . University City. $357 / mo . • ' I' UlllilieS Call 
455-1475 (11 / 17) 

Clean. easygoing room mated wanled. $3001 mo 
Clalfemonl Near Balboa / 805, 3BR/ 28A Own 
room. share bathroom ' I' utililles. t sl l lasl and 
depOSIt. Available Immediately Call 278-2665 
after 6 pm (11/28) 

Greal La Jolla house. $1650. 4/ 2. fireplace. 2 
car garage. 'I' acre, available t 2 / f . 456-1982 
(11 / 17) 

Bayil . a JeWish Sludenl Co·op, has room 
available Close 10 campus. pool. JacuZZI Call 
Eran 558· t 176 Of 452· 3012 (11/ 17) 

I FOR SALE 
Why buy a-bug when you can have a SAAB?-
1976 99GL. well maintained. runs greal! SunrOOf. 
100. $1600/ besl. Calherlne. 452-3991 . (21/1) 

The Ullimale Black Book conlalns Ihe only 400 
lelephone numbers needed 10 get pracllcally 
any informalion wanled Pubhc policy consul· 
lanl wilh 20 years expenence has compressed 
a virtuallibrary's worth of sources Into a conve-
OIent package for desk or backpack Phone 
numbers of instilulions. business. and Individu-
als calegOfized Inlo 34 subJecls and Indexed by 
more Ihan 750 key words. Easy 10 use. lun to 
have. MOSI original gin Ihls hOliday season 
Special UCSO price 01 $395 good November 
only. InCludes postage. tax. handling and money 
back guarantee. Send check (or provide 
Visa l MC Info) 10 Ken harris. 4825 Barslow 
Streel. San Diego 92117 (619 /278·3554) 
(12 / 1 ) 

For Sale. 81 Honda Passport scooter Custom 
sheepskin seatcover, locked bOx on back. 
basket on front 60 miles per gallon Goes 50 
mph. lUst tuned up With new parts. Greal deal. 
5SO.00 obo (11 / 21) 

Need Iransportatlon? MOlobecan 2 sealed 
moped for sale. 5400; InCludes helmel & lock. 
New IransmlsslOn. new break cables. max 
eng,ne Call 558-6829. and leave message. 
(1 1/28) 

Apple for sale. Apple lIe; 2 drives, meMor. 
modem, NLQ Epson FXBO Pnnler, all cards and 
cables PIUS software. $800 or best. Call 558· 
6829 and leave message. (11 / 21 ) 

W,nter In lhe eaSI Selling mylickel10 VA(12 / 12 
to 12 / 2t)52SO Huan538- 1165 (1 1/ 17) 

Roundlrip Ilcket 10 San Jose. ThanksgiVing holi-
day Nov 24-Nov 28. $125 or besl offer. Call 
558-7184 (1 1/ 21) 

79 Mazda RX·7. $2500. 458·9427. (11 / 17) 

14K Gold Jewelry . Earnngs. nngs. chains. 
Incredible prices iust in time for Ihe holidays. 
The only way to get lOwer pnces IS 10 sleal Il 
Call Bryan 558·9034. (21/1) 

FORD FIESTA, 1978. lor sale only $450 Call 
Phil 679·8260 (eves) or 233·8313 (days) (12 / 1) 

Mountain Bike for sale. regal model - blue. greal 
crUising bike. $125 obo / Erlc457-2045. ( 11 117) 

IBM compal,ble compuler, harddlsk. internal 
modum. g,aphlcs screen. lOIs 01 software 
$800 00 or Irade for good transportation. Call 
Paul 543·2506. 543·5592 (11 / 17) 

1976 VW camper Runs great. vel'{ cleanl 
Sacrdlce $2.000 or besl offer Willy 460·7268 
(1 t 117) 

WANTED 
Good money. Jlexlble hours Telemarkelers 
needed 10 set appls No sales Close 10 UCSD 
Call Danl443·8170. (1 1/ 17) 

Excellenl pay IOf fIt . attraclive men & women 
figure models Internationally known phOIO' 
graph,c artisls work laslefully Wllh lhe human 
form In light & shadow creallng museumlgallery 
editionS in archival B IW InleMew / Ylew portfoho 
al La Jolla GaileI'{ Sludio by apPointment 454-
9415. (11/17) 

Get paid 10 lalk Work for the UCSD Fundralslng 
Campa'gn as a Telemarkellng Representallve 
Earn 55· 10 per hour conlacllng our alumni 
-lexlCle evening hours In our on·campus offIce 
Call 587 · 1589 for more IOIOfmallOn (11 / 17) 

Help Wanted: $9 75 slarting rale. National rela ll 
chain has 20 openings Call 565-1533 9-3 p m 
(12/1) 

Telemarkelln real estate $5 per hour pluS $500 
bonus Walk to campus Sel your own hours. No 
selling Set appoinlments only. 2-20 hours per 
week. Call Rick 535· t 645. (1 1/ 17) 

STUDENTS' Make 520010 one minute. Do you 
know someone shOPPing fOf a new car? Tell me 
and earn $200 upon sale We can sell or lease 
any make or model. Call today. Tim Flannel'{, 
Studenl Sales Representallve, General Auto 01 
San Diego. 558-8109. (1211) 

S5 / hr for partlcipal ion In vIsion experimenls. 
InCludes eye exam You musl be 30-79 years of 
age wllh no eye disease FOf Info call Dr Pamela 
Sample. 452·8919 (11 / 24) 

Gel paid 10 lalk' work fOf Ihe UCSD Fundra,slng 
Campaign as a Telemarkellng Representative 
Earn $5-10 per hour contacting our alumni. 
FleXible even,ng hours In our on· campus office 
Call 587·1589 for more information (11/17~ 

SAIC needs Mechanical Engineering Inlerns 
A SAP If inleresled. call Jeff Sandubrae al 
458·3723 (11 / 17) 

Energellc sludents 10 work at local nighlClub 
Greal money. funl Must be 21 297·4850 (12 / 1) 

Cruise Ships. Now hiring men and women 
Summer & Career OpportUnllleS (Will Ira,n). 
Excellenl pay PIUS world Iravel. HawaII. Baha· 
mas. Caribbean. elc Call now' (206) 738-7000 
eXl198C (11/21) 

Now hiring pizza delivery dr ivers You need a 
valid Ca. driver's license. a good dnving record 
and good references. Round Table Pizza 3250 
Governor Dr. University City. 457·2334 (12 / 1 

BOdyguardl dnver wanted. martial arts expo pret. 
own transpOflallon Excellent drIVIng record 
Night h,s Mr McCall 456·0388. ( t 1 / 17) 

All Greek Sk, Trip pre· party and ,nformatlon 
night' November 17 at P,uena Uno In Pac,l,c 
Beach· between Grand and Garnet on Mission. 
The feslivltles begin at 7 and go till ClOsing! 75¢ 
beer. $1 .00 pizza slices Free skllrip drawing al 
to pm. For mOfe informallon call Team Greek 
287·0138 (12 / 1) 

All Greek Blowoul South Tahoe Ski Tripi FOf all 
SDSU. UCSD and USD fralernities. sorOfnies. 
and anyone who wants to go. Ski Heavenly and 
Kirkwood on PreSident's Weekend. February 
17 ·20. 1989 $199.00 . 3 days SkIIng. 3 nlQhts 
lodg'ng. transportat,on. hft tickets and mOfe .. Call 
IOf more ,nfo,mation and registration Team 
Greek Office. 287·0318. (12 / 1) 

Hey Delta Gamma. Sigma Nu. and Sigma Alpha 
Mu - we can't walt IOf Friday Nile Funniesl The 
AOPi's (11/17) 

Alex . I Just can't seem to get you off my 
mind .- Llsa. (11 / 17) 
Sand·Pac Meeting tOnight. 7 pm. HSS 2154. 
Come lalk pro-Israel political action 911/17) 

Brlghlen up someone's day wllh an A S. Intern-
Ship OH'ce. Balloon- O- Gram The 8alloon-
O - Gram Will conlaln assorted candies and 
c hocolate. Ih,ee balloons. and a special meso 
sage We will be delivering Ihem on campus 9th 
and 10th week. Buy one at Ihe A S. Internship 
Office abOve lhe gameroom. near E.D.N.A. 
(11 / 21 ) 

TKE to those of you I got to know and respect. 
thanks - I had a blasl

' 

To Ihe rest of you I'm 
sorry. I'm just not Into synchronIZing personalities 
and haircuts. PI class' One. and one. TEKEs are 
haVing some fun .. Manson. (I tl17) 

Zeta Bela Tau. Eps,lon Beta Chapter - Thanks 
for your help and inspiration! Good luck dunng 
finalS week and in Ihe coming year. Kappa 
Pledge Class (11 / 17) 

"Journey To The Impact Zone" wortd premiere 
show,ng

' 
Thurs. Nov 17 7·30 & 9:30 showingS. 

US82722. Hot1esl surl "Im In years (11/17~ 

Gal'{ T - You're an awesome Big Brol Good 
luck wilh "nals. Your III Bro Selh. (11 It 7) 

Gel Involved! Come 10 Ihe Sand·Pac meellng 
lonlghl al 7 p.rn In HSS 2154 Sand·Pac. your 
connecllon to JeWish pOlitical acbonl (11 / 17) 

Congralulations 10 Ihe newly elecled officers of 
Della Tau Delta - from your brolhers. (11 / f 7) 

KKG-Looklng forward 10 plrallng w,lh you 
Salurday at "Mullny on Ihe delts"-Ihe OeMs 
( tl / 17) 

Mah R Thanks for being Ihe beSI big bro. The 
shark fishing IriP was great. Too bad you missed 
Ihe boat. VOlleyball was fun. John (11117) 

Ed P. - Thanks for being there when I've 
needed motivation I'm Irylng my best. Brady 
(11/17) 

KeYln A. Thanks lor being Ihe beSI big bro. On a 
quesl for ZEN. Brad (11/17) 

TSIHFA.BOBD (B,ke Rally)-11 / 19, th,s 
Saturday-Conlacllhe office of Res. Ufe 534· 
4340 all welcome

' 
(1 t 117) 

Gel your car washed thiS Salurday (11 / 19) al 
Ihe '16 slalion on Pearl Slreet. TlCkels ava,lable 
now from your nearest ZBT for $2.50. $3.00 on 
localion so buy nowl (11 / 17) 

You already know Ihal BUlimia IS about more 
Ihan vomiling or perlectlon. You know it's 
resportse and a resislance 10 somelhing. You ve 
Iried everything else Now. readdress Issues In 
a profound way Learn 10 love yourself. perhaps 
for the first lime. ReClaim self eSleem and 
personal power. Take your future Into your own 
hands Palrlcla Hughes .. addressing BUlimia 
successfullY •. . SPECIALIZING IN WOMEN'S 
ISSUES. RegreSSion Iherap,sI. psychiC counsel. 
splrllua l leacher. channel 619·436-0465. 
(11117) 

Wanted. 59 people We 'lI pay you 10 lose up 10 
29 Ibs. in Ihe nexl 30 daysll Dr recommended. 
100% nalural 100% guaranteed. Call Katie 
565·8696. (11/28) 

00000 ••••••• § TO-DAY ,I l 
8 WANTED II 
8 30 I: 

TOlheglrlallhepoemsreadlngsoulhsideof 00 COUCH .•• 
MUIr. Please. give me a call. Please You're cute. 

'81 Ford Escort. neWly rebulll engine. excellent Lel'slalkagaln.Thenon·voterRep Ouang549- 0 
John 452· 1050. (11/2 4) Iransportabon. OrlQlnal owner. all receipts. $2000 7360 Of 546-5541. (11 / 17) 0 POTATOES •• 
-r--------B--O---D--Y----W----R--A---P------·-.,~-----------Ue----s---iJ--s--~-~-~--t-4----'~ § T~ ~J~sH i 
I : $1 0 i B OF lV ;= 
: $1995 • : PRECISION CUTS : B 4-6 PM = II LA JOL~~5;:I~;ora ry water IOssT-ARNeduce cellul~::IF~~ ;::~~s;.I.9080 I Includes shampoo. condition. blow dry. : B FREE •• 

SOLAIIA BEACH SPORTS AREIIA I Women Reg. $18. Men Reg. $14. I 0 
I °AskQboUiOUrmini-,,'rGp 4LISS E,plres// IU I 88 I HIGHLIGHTING $30 I I o FOODjREFRESHMENTS • 
-------------------------- I 

I 
I 
I 

: B $5/HR_ = 
I 
I 

Foil weaving. Reg. $45 & up. 

I ' 0 Call Marilyn Wilson • 
737 Pearl ST. 11103 La Jolla Reg. $60 I!o up. I. 0 34 2776 • (Behind Dick 's Liquor, I I 0 5. • 

PERM & CUT $35 H A I R DESIGN 

1 block from Fay Ave.) ACRYLICS $25 I 0 . 
458·1170 Reg. $50. : oRm. 2103. Engineering Bldg .• 

I ·With this ad I First time Clients only. Long half FILLS $12 I 0 TODAY, 4-6 PM • I Wolff ystem · 2nd 30 Tan Day $39 Call for detaitsJ exira. Expires t t 124 / 88 Reg. $20. 00000 ••••••• I •• __________ • _ -. __ • ..r. __________________________ I 



16 Thursday, November 17, 1988111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 Jlu. L/CS'i) i;'uatdiiut. 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 

1M FOOTBALL 
BOWL MATCHUPS 

ANIMAL BOWL 
Mtn s AAA CIIQmpionslrip 

T.ams: l'ork Hunt Club (7-0)\S_ SAE(6-1) 
Oal./ Timt/ Fitld: Tun. Nov . /5. 7:30 pm_ 
MUir F"ld 
K.y PI.y .rt 10 Walelr: l'ork : Tom S<:anlon-
It'R X,i,h Moort-Un •• Eddi. Tatl- WR. 
Brad Mark -L B. SAE. Vikash Sanl·al-QB. 
Marl.. RI·an-Lm • . Jus,in lHrt- C. 
Chrrs Xrafl-14 R 
Bud~'IQn '6 A nalysis: ThIS 1$ a rematch of a 
league game played earlie, In Ihe yea, 
The game was won by York 27-13 York 
seemed 10 nave Ihe edge al Ihe lome and 
doesn I look like II has slowed up York uses 
ailihe lools ,n 115 reperlolre and plays a true 
1M slyle mull/pie offense On Ihe olher hand 
IllS Ihe Grmd II Out W,lh Brute Force SAE 
learn They have sIZe and use II with great 
success They are nOI IUSI one dlmesnlonal 
lhOugh Wllh Ihe speedy OB V,kash Sanyal 
He can ,un or pass Wllh Ihe beSI of Ihem 
P,.diclion: YORK BY 8 

BANANA BOWL 
M.,.'s AA Championslrip 

T.am .'" lBT(7-1) vs . .... lnn" of lHorhh.ods 
(6-1) and Tijuana Via (7-0) 
DQIt/ Tim./ Fwld: Sunday. Nov. }O l:IJ pm. 
North C.m., fitld 
KtyPlay."lo Wllull: lBT: Mall RochlOs-
C. Eddy £mbon-QB. Chris Tarn.),- WR: 
Btachhtads: IgnacIO M,jorts- QB. Chm 
La Rosa- W R. Raj QuifJIQros- W R; V'('~. 
MOrlo Agullar- QB, Flor~nl;no ' SUlC'h ' 
Idasour 
BudMlln 's A nillysis: Unfortunately we are 
not Into the finals In thiS diVISion Rumor has 
II Ihe Beachheads were so scared to play 
T'luana Vice Ihallhey needed anal her week 
10 psych UP lor the game So I Will assume 
Ihal TIJuana Vice Will be In Ihe final 0" 
paper II looks like Vice should Win easy Vice 
IS III and undefealed and plays an un 
ranked Ihlrd-place finisher from In lhe" 
league lBT NOlonlylhefactoflheranklngs 
bul Ihey have a"eady playea each Olher 
wllh Vice winning t8-14 Bullhe ZBTs are 
really peaKing flghl now Tney lOOk like Ihe 
leam 10 beat W,lh OB Edd,e Eslaban finally 
Shaking Ihe gnost of KeVin 'Golden Arm ' 
S,mon he IS leading Ihe learn very well He 
alsohasa verylalented line 10 prolecl him ,n 
Sieve Tauber and Gary Teagan II should be 
qUlle a game 
Prtdlclion: lBT BY 1 

CADAVER BOWL 
Mrn 's A Championship 

Trams: ft>,Surll1g BUfl WonI' (8-1) \'J' Tht' 
M.o, (7-0) 
Dalt/1imt / Fi.ld: Sun ~o' 10. 1:00 pm. 
"Iorlh (em,,. f ltld 
Kry P/ayuJ to Willen : BUH War/s ' John 
J.fauumolo- .'. Carl Kunt>y-soml'whnt, Mark 
Barnord-onlhtfitld. M,al. JIm Tadaro-QB. 
Don Pouhf'lIu-L B. 
BudMQn 'sA nalysis: Ouchl ThiS one IS gOing 
to be ugly I m not so sure I wanl to see I IS 
one The game malches up the perennial 
single A sandbagger. The Meat. vs an old 
and ugly Festering Bult WailS The Mealls a 
fine luned unll Ihal pracllces four times a 
week and could b allhe Rams easily The 
Bult Wails are so old . ayerage age IS ovel 
30 Ihal Ihey bllng scuba gear oul for 

oxygen belween plays II won 'l be pre\ly bUI 
II "" II show Ihal age does nOI come before 
beauty 
P,.diclion: The Meat by 32 

CLIMAX BOWL 
COt!d A Cllampionshlp 
T~lIms: I.Jbnol'l's Deep Threo t (7-0) V$. Pi 
On Our For< (8-0) 
OM./ Tim_/ Fitld: Sun Nov. lO. 1 1 noon. 

orth Cmltr Fitld 
Key Pillyers to Wllth: Lihtrort: Caroil'II 
Hol/man-e\'ery th,ng. Sroll &. Ni('olr Mor;;o,' 
PI: Juli Walktr- QB. Lour .. R .. nolds- WR. 
Nico le Gagnon. 
BudMan's A nalysis: As Ive said all along 
about Ihls game. 'Bet the ranch on Llberace 
ThiS squad has It all as In Hoffman running. 
Hoffman calchlng Ho'fman Inlercepllng. 
Halfman pulling the flag Yes folks. II'S the 
Carolyn HoHman show She does II all as 
good as II can be done The key obViously 
for P, IS 10 Slap Hoffman They have Ihree 

--.....:.-.. -...... ~ 
very capable ladles who are yery good BUll 
wouldn I bellhe ranch on Ihe slopping her 
for a minute 
Prtdlellon: BET THE RANCH 

SOUL BOWL 
ClHd A Chomp;onJltip 

T.ams: Old Long Hair (6-1) '·S. U ,1"" 
Nobody (6-)) 
OM./ Tim./ Fltld: Sun Nov }O. II .()() am. 
North C.m., F .. ld 
K.y Play .,s 10 WalCh: Old Long Ha ir: 
CUlh'flnt Thompson- WR, Jim Euhanks-
Rush. X,vinNakamura-QB: UA lnl Nobodl . 
J A rk Y.h - DB. Cllldl X,I/I'- WR. Trart 
Tobias-WR. 
BudMQn 's A nalysis: ThiS could be Ihe game 
of the day These Iwo teams are ye,y good 
In dlfferenl areas They play Iwo vary differ-
ent slyles One dommaled by men.lhe olher 
by women A,n'l Nobody IS dommaled by Ihe 
speedy delenslye play oJ Jack Ye~ ThiS 
guy has more ,ntercepllons fa, lauch downs 
than Ihelf offense Old Long Half hlghllghls 
Ihe oulstandlng receiving capabilities of Ms 
Thompson ThiS gal has caughl alleasllwo 
touchdown passes a game Ihls year Greal 
hands and speed are her slrenglhs 
p,.dielion: A TOSS-UP 

LADY BOWL 
Wom~n's ChiJmpioruhip 

Ttams: Our Ends Are Tlxht (4-0) Vl "Inn" 
Gel Wei and Go /Jeep (J· I ) "5 Ronllid 
Reagan Mak .. Us CUIII (l-l) 
Oalt/ Tim./ FI.ld: Sun No 1'. lO. J:IJ pm. 
"vorth ernter FU'Jd 
K.)' PlaytrSlO Walch: Our tllds Art Tigh,. 
S'orlt Sasak,-QB. 1.''<0 Bam-D B eel Wei. 
("urahn Huffman-QS. Trrr; Plt-hu- WH. 1:.10'0 
Curry-lin,: R,agan M.k, Us Cum. Jull 
Wallcrr-QB. Lou",. RI!),no{d'f- WR 
HudMan ',f A III1IY1;5: The semi of Reagan vs 
get Wet should be a laugh game Ilhlnk Gel 
Wei has a lillie 100 much and should Win a 
close game The B,g Game ShOuld be Ihe 
Iinal II Will be revenge for Gel Wei They 1051 
a laugh game already agamsl lhe Tighl 
Ends and w,lI have reve,1ge on lhell mindS 
Bull don I Ihlnk II Will aflecl thai gUlly crew 
of Tlghl Ends They haven I 1051 and Ihey 
don'l plan on II They are very sure of them-
selves and sure Ihey re gOing 10 Win 
P,.diction: TIGHT ENDS BY 5 

The Bud Pigi Is I plld Idvertlslng fllturl of COISt Distributing. 

BUDMAN'S ALL-1M FOOTBALL TEAM 
OFFENSE 
Position PII,lr Tllm 
Wide Receiver Bulc h Isodour T1juana Vice 
Wide Receiver Calhellne Thompson Old Long Hair 
Sial Back / RB Kevin Gelfarb I 'm Jusl Elmo 

-
Guard Brad Boysel Concussion CliniC 

-

Guard Mark Ryan SAE 

-

Cenler Mark Roch,oS ZBT 
Quarterback Carolyn HoHman Gel WeI & Go Deep 
DEFENSE 

- Position PIIYlr Tllm 
-

Rusher Keith Moore York Hunl Club 
Rusher Scott Goldfarb TKE 
linebacker Chris Rys Delta Sig Green 
Linebacker Don Porchefla The Meat 
Cornerback Laulle Reynolds Pi On Our Face 
Cornerback Stacie Sasaki Our Ends Are Tighl 
Safety Michael Richardson Chocolate C,ly 
~ 

-

FOOTBALL BOWL GAME SIX-PAC SELECTIONS 
A nimal Banana Clld • .,~, Climax Soul l..dy 

S.ltclor/ CQm. Bowl Bo.,.,/ BOM,I Bowl BOM·I Bowl 
BudMlln York TJ Vice Meal Llberace Long Hall Tighl 

put/s York ZBT Meal Uberace Nobody Wei 
Jimmy Titt C ... York TJ Vice Meal Llberace Nobody Wei 

Ctl~sars York TJ Vice Meal Llberace Long Hall Wei 
J~IIMD;xon SAE Beachds Bull Uberace NObody Tlghl 
Ursulll UpS.1 SAE ZBT Bull P, Long Hair Reagen 
Consrnsus York TJ Vice Meal Llberace EYen Tighl 

GRATEFUL MED 
Congratultaions to the Bud Team of the W eek , GRATEFUL 

MED. T his past Monday in the Rec Gym was the battle grounds for 
undoubtedly th e best women's volley ball match of the year. Both 
tea m s brought in 14- 1 record s to this sh owdown for first place_ But , 
even after trailing J 4-5 in the second game, Gratefu l Med ra llied 
several times to defeat IN YOU R FA E 15- 1 J. 16-14,8- 11 to take over 
the lOp sp o t in thei r di vision . W it h only one week left in the regu lar 
season, these two are sure t o run into each other agai n i n the playoffs . 

W ell, once again, congratulations Grateful 
M ed. THIS B D'S FOR YOUI 

T U S 

by laura knapp 
hiatus writer 

Walking through the Main 
Gym's balcony, you may see them 
in sweats and leotards yelling 
counts, teUing their pupils to stand 
straight, and "don't forget to 
breathe." Or they may be sitting 
next to you in chemistry class. 
But next Friday and Saturday, 
they will be the Jazz Unlimited 
Dance Company performing at 
the La Jolla Museum of Con-
temporary Art. And when the 
curtain rises and their bodies 
begin moving in unison, their 
dancing is sure to be something 
innovative and exciting to see. 

Jazz Unlimited is composed 
of fifteen dancers, many of them 
teachers from UCSD_ This per-
formance is also unique because 
two UCSD students are pe.for-
mingo 

The show features Barry Ber-
nal, who was one of the origianl 
dancers in Jazz Unlimited. He 
then went on to Broadway to 
perform in Cats -and Starlight 
Express as the Red Caboose_ 
He left for New York when he 
was 19 and stayed for five years. 

He grew up in San Diego and 
says, "'like being home_ My fam-

ily is here and it's great to be 
working with Jazz Unlimited 
again." He says he has grown a 
lot since he started out with the 
company in high school. On 
Broadway he learned to sing and 
dance and did Starlight Express 
completely on roller skates_ "[I] 
skated at 35 miles an hour, up 
and down hills, it was like skating 
in a skateboard park." 

Bernal is currently teaching 
advanced classes at UCSD and 
says he lives day to day_ He often 
gets calls from New York for 
auditions_ Right now he is writing a 
play, and composing music_ 

The number he is choreo-
graphing for the show is an orig-
inal. Bernal will sing in the 
number and says, "There is every 
aspect of theatre in it." He will be 
in every number but one and 
says, "the show's going to be 
very exciting for me." 

About the UCSD dance pro-
gram Bernal says, "The kids are 
very receptive, listen well and 
are willing to take criticism and 
work hard_" He feels that "Any-
thing having to do with the arts 
gives you something emotionally 
and culturally rewarding." 

His motto is "challenge your-
self." He says, '" was serious and 

that's why' got to Broadway." 
He feels enthusiasm is a key to 
teaching and dancing. "If' didn't 
have teachers who were enthu-
siastic , probably wouldn't be 
where' am now_" He says the 
dance teachers at UCSD are a 
"very versatile group of people 
[that allow you to] get different 
styles_" 

Pat Rincon is the UCSD Dance 
Coordinator and also founded 
Jazz Unlimited in 1978. She says, 
"Jazz Unlimited performs dif-
ferent forms of jazz, modern 
dance, theatre and various other 
new, innovative, forms . .. it is a 
place for choreographers to 
experiment. " 

This performance will feature 
different choreographers and 
dancers in six different numbers. 
There is no central theme to the 
performance but instead each 
number will contain an individ-
ual theme and story. 

For example, Alicia Rincon, 
Associate Director of Jazz Un-
limited and also a dance teacher 
at UCSD will perform "Pictures 
Without Words" to the music of 
Spyro Gyra in the show. 

Patricia Rincon feels the UCSD 
dance program and Jazz Unlim-
ited go hand in hand_ She is 

proud of the program at UCSD 
which features jazz, ballet, ar.d 
modern dance_ The program also 
offers stretching classes, theatre 
classes and various other forms 
of dance. 

It also is a program that offers 
students a place to perform, 
providing a show in the spring_ 
Rincon says, "[The program] is 
very strong. Our core program 
is based on training in ballet, 
modern, and jazz dance ___ the 
hour and a half classes, [and] 
good teachers work very well for 
not having a dance major." She 
says this is evident in the fact 
that two UCSD students are 
performing in the upcoming 
show: Megan Riley and Richard 
Bulda. 

Megan and Richard started 
out as apprentices for Jazz 
Unlimited, but since then they 
have done so well they will be 
performing in this weekend's 
show. 

Megan has been dancing since 
she was 12 and has performed 
with other companies in the past. 
She says being wilh Jazz Unlim-
ited is different and exciting 
because ",t's a professional com· 
pany; I like working with all the 
people; they're really inspiring, 

great dancers." 
She says of the dance program 

at UCSD " [It] is really good and 
the teachers are great with the 
show in the spring." She says 
dance at UCSD is "a good outlet 
for students_" 

The dance program at UCSD 
is a fun way to get a good work 
out and learn about the culture of 
dance_ It also provides a setting 
for future dancers to perform. 

Whether for fun or exercise or 
both, dance classes are a way to 
meet the many talented dancers 
that make up the only profes-
sional dance company at San 
Diego. And if entertainment is 
your main interest, the Jazz 
Unlimited performance should 
not be missed_ 

All the dancers in the com-
pany are either dance teachers, 
students of dance, or purely pro-
fessional dancers. 

The perfomance will be at 8 
p.m _ on Nov_ 18and 19 at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art as part of the Museum's 
"Jazz Festival" of Art, Music 
and Dance. It will feature pre-
miere works by Barry Bernal, Ben 
Lokey, and Patric'ia and Alicia 
Rincon_ General admission is 
$11 and student admission is $7. 



ffiAHIOG 

W 

• "Baboons of Kenya: The 
Pumphouse Gang," an 
exhibit by Dr. Shirley Strum, 
opens tomorrow at the San 
Diego Museum of Man. Strum 
is an associate professor of 
anthropology at UCSD. Co-
sponsored by UCSD, the exhibit 
includes over three dozen color 
photos from Strum's fieldwork 
from 1972 tQ the present. The 
exhibit will be open through I 
May, 1989. The Museum of 
Man is located at 1350 EI Prado 
in Balboa Park. For more infor-
mation, call 239-200l. 

• • • 

• The Coors Gallerv of 
Women exhibit will be on 
display m Hewett Hall of the 
San Diego Museum of Man 
from Nov. 18 through Dec. 
29. The exhibit pays tribute to 
American women who have con-
tributed to the health and well 
bemg of the narion. For more 
information, call 239-2001. 

UCSD Theatre's 
STRINDBERG SONATA, 

a new work by Anne 
Bogart, needs musicians 

and classical singers. 
Units available. 

Auditions: 
Monday 11121 , 4-7 pm, 

B-1S0 Mandeville. 
Performance Dates: 

4/13-16,4/ 19-22. 
For information/ 

audition appointments, 
call 534-3791. 

v f 
• The Grove Gallery at UCSD 
is sponsoring its 18th annual 
winter ceramics sale from Nov. 
29 through Dec. 1. Gallery 
hours are Tuesday through Fri-
day, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sat-
urday 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. For 
more information, call 
534-2637. 

• The Museum of Photographic 
Arts will feature "Odyssey: The 
Art of Photography at 
National Geographic," an . 
international traveling exhibition 
of photography Nov. 22 
through Jan. 15, 1989. The 
exhibit in ludes 298 black-and-
white and color works of four 

I generations of photographers 
who have captured the rare , the 
elusive, the ancient and the endan 
gered. The museum is open daily 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ; Thursdays 
until 9 p.m. Admission is $2.50; 
free to MoPA members and 
children under 12 a companied 
by an adult. Docent tours are 
available on weekends at 2 and 3 
p.m. For more information, call 
239-5262. 

• Seewald's IS now hosting a 
combmed show by artists John 
Shippey and Daniel White-
head now through Dec. 24. 
Shippey's " Retrospect Preli-
minary" features watercolors, 
woodcuts and wood sculpture 
spanning the period 1978-1988. 
Whitehead's " Altered Visions" 
is features hand-colored photo-
graphic art featuring a diverse 
range of subject matter. See-
wald 's is located at 1114 N. 
Hwy. 101 in Leucadia. 

• The San Diego Museum of 
Art is feraturing "T oulouse-
Lautrec: The Baldwin M. 
Baldwin Collection" through 
Dec. 31 . The collection features 
all of the artist's posters, the 
entire "Elles" series, and the 
complete "Cafe Concert" series. 
The exhibition contains over 
108 lithographs. drawings and 
two paintings . The San Diego 
Museum of Art is located in 
Balboa Park . 

OAKLEY RAY BAN SUN~[!'©!lJJ[g) 
LAURA BIAGIOTTI POLO & MORE 

1-----1 
Duraso" Opaque Colored Contacts 20% Off 1 
Replacement Contact lenses 1 Durasoft® Colored 
AppOintments Available 1 Contacts with this ad. 1 
Best Prices, Best Service ~alld thru ~e=-1~ ~ 

OPTiM-EYES inc. 278-8470 
7710 Balboa Ave., Suite 216-C • Son Diego, CA 92111 

• Sushi will open It third 
annual auction/ exhibition, "San 
Diego Artists: Exhibition and 
Auction" on Friday, Nov. 25. 
An artist's reception will be held 
on Saturday, Nov. 26 from 7 to 
10 p.m. The exhibition and auc-
tion features the works of 50 
artists who are in iuding in the 
re ently published book, San 
DleRo Artists. Sushi is open from 
12 to 4 p.m. Fridays and Satur-
days. ushi is located at 852 
Eighth Avenue. 

• In honor of National Arts 
Week, a fall ARTt'EST is being 
coordinated for Saturday, Nov. 
19 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. The 
festival will include 80 art sites 
in downtown San Diego. Con-
tact Lynne Walker at 239-1143 
for more information. 

• The La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art will present 
three films in a "Contempoa-
ray Mexican Cinema" series 
during the month of November. 
"The Importance to Live," 
directed by Luis Alcorite 
(recipient of nine nominations 
for the Silver Goddess award -
Mexico's Oscar - in Mexico) 
will screen on Nov. 23. The film 
is in Spanish with English subti-
tles, and was made in Mexico. 
The screening is at 7:30 p.m. in 
the museum's Sherwood Aud. 
itorium. Admission is $2 for 
museum members and $3 for 
non-members. LJMCA is located 
at 700 Prospect Street in La 
Jolla. 

• "Jazz Unlimited" will pre· 
miere its new season at the 
Sherwood Auditorium in the 
La Jolla Museum of Contempor-
ary Art on Friday, Nov. 18 and 
Saturday, Nov. 19 at 8 p.m. 
The premiere will incl ude works 
by Los Angeles-based choreo-
grapher Ben Lokey as well as, 
Alicia and Patricia'Rincon 
and guest artist Barry Bernal 
(of "Cats" and "Starlight 
Express"). Admission is $7 for 
LjMCA members, seniors and 
students and $11 for non-
members. LJMCA is located at 
700 Prospect Street in La Jolla. 

• • • 

• The twentieth anniversary 
season of the Sherwood Aud-
itorium Chamber Music Ser-
ies will fearure a joint appear-
ance by members of the Chung 
Trio on Saturday, Nov. 26 at 8 
p.m. Tickets are $22. To reserve 
by phone call 459-3728. To 
receive a season brochure, write 
to LJCMT, P.O. Box 2168, La 
Jolla, CA 92038. The Sherwood 
Auditorium is located at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contempora ry 
Art , at 700 Prospect Street in La 
Jolla. 
• The La Jolla Symphony and 
Chorus continues its 35th anni-
versary season with the "Roar. 
ing Twenties" music presented 
on Nov. 19 at 8 p.m. and Sun-
day, Nov. 20 at 3 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Auditorium at 
UCSD. Tickets are available 
from the UCSD box office at 
534-4559, at the ARTSTIX 
booth at the Spreckels Theatre at 
238-3810, or from TicketMaster 
outlets. Tickets are $8 general, 
$6 for seniors and students. For 
more information, call the Sym-
phony office at 534-4637. 

• The Belly Up Tavern will 
featu re Robben Ford and spe-
cial guest Lonnie Brooks on 
Nov. 17 at 9 p.m.; Borracho y 
Loco and guests The Crazy 8's 
on Nov. 18 at 9:30 p.m.; Soul 
Patrol on Nov. 19 at 9:30 p.m.; 
and the Rave Ups with guests 
Comanche Moon on Nov. 20 
at 9 p.m. 

• Hal Holbrook will perform 
his one-man show, "Mark 
Twain Tonight" at the San 
Diego Civic Theatre on Friday, 
Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. This is Hol-
brook's 32nd year portraying 
Mark Twain . Tickets arc availa-
ble at the Center hox office, 202 

Street, and TicketMaster 
outlets. To charge all 236-6510. 

r--:;-.iii--;;;;;;.i !. The North Coast Reper. 
! tory Theatre will present the 

• "Give Peace a Chance," an 
exhibition of the peace songs and 
peace campaign of leading folk 
and rock musicians, will be on 
display Nov. 17 through Dec. 
12 at the LA Collection. The 
works on display include original 
manuscripts and scores, original 
artwork, and gold records from 
mu:;icians including John len-
non, Bob Marley, Stevie 
Wonder and more. Exhibition 
hours are 11 a.m. to B p.m. 
Thursday, Friday and Monday, 
and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Satur-
day and Sunday. The LA Collec-
tion is located at 1146 So. Coast 
Highway, Laguna Beach. Admis-
sion is free. 

• The UCSD depa rtment of 
music will present a performer/ 
composer duo - (THE), Har 
kins and Larson on Nov. 29 at 
8 p.m. in the Mandeville Aud. 
itorium. The artists will present 
their own unique view of the 
world by way of unprecedented 
juxtaposition of movements, 
visuals and sound. 

• Swhi will present the "Per' 
forming Arts Lab" on Sunday, 
Nov. 20 at 3 p.m. The lab is an 
informal forum for choreo-
graphers, actors, musicians and 
other performing artists to show 
new/ experimental pieces of 
works in progress. Admission is 
$3 gener!!l, $2 for Sushi/ 
SDADA members. Sushi is 
located at 852 Eighth Avenue. 
For more information, ca ll 
280-6461. 

• The UCSD depa rtment of 
theater presents "The Love of 
Don Pe rlimplin and Belisa in 
the Garden" Nov. 30 and 
Dec. 1 through Dec. 4. Writ-
ten by Federico Garcia Lorca, 
the play has explores the passion 
and jealousy felt by an old man 
who has married a beautiful 
young woman. The show will 
begin in the Wei88 Studio at 8 
p.m. on Nov. 30, Dec. 1 and 
Dec. 2; at 6 p.m. and 8 p.m . on 
Dec. 3;and 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. on 
Dec. 4. Tickets are $8 general, 
$5 for students, and $6 for 
UCSD faculty, staff and seniors 
on Wednesday, Thursday and 
Sunday. 

I premiere of "The Musical 
Comedy Murders of 1940" by 
John Bishop on Friday, Nov. 25 . 
with regular performances 
through Saturday, Dec. 30. Per-
formances will be at 8 p .m. 
Thursdays through Saturdays 
and at 7 p.m. Sundays, with spe-
cial holiday performances at 8 
p.m. on Wednesday, Dec. 21 
and Dec. 28. Tickets are $9 
Thursday, Sunday, and W ed-
nesday, and $11 Friday and Sat-
urday. The North Coast Reper-
tory Theatre is located at 987-D 
Lomas Santa Fe Drive, in Solana 
Beach. 

• The San Francisco Ballet 
will perform "The Nut-
cracker" No~. 23, 25, 26, and 
27 at 7 p.m. and matinees on 
Nov. 25, 26 and 27 at 2 p.m. 
Tickets are available at the Civic 
Center box office, ARTS TIX, 
and all TicketMaster outlets. Call 
236-3610 or 278-TIXS. Tickets 
range from $10 to $42. The 
Civic Theatre is located at 202 C 
Street. 

-compiled by lara mihata 

u s 

o 

Rm fOIlOR 
mRlnR ~OUmRnS 

HSSOCIR If RRIS fOIlOR 
C~nTUIR CRffiP HflL 

mUSIC fOITOR 
LRRR~ WflnlRRUH 

GmioR GIRff WRlffR 
ISRHHlf IIH AnY I 

OfSlGn Consum n I 
mlH f mAR IInfZ 

o SIW WRIIfRS 0 
RRIHUR R5H 

mRRCI RROnOYIII 
Jim GRR~ 

PRm JfIIlf 
JOHn HfRRm 
mRRU mnfY 
LRURA HnRPp 
JW LRmHfIH 

PHil ffiRCGOVfRn 
LRRR ffilHRIR 
nRnc~ ffiunrnfR 

DonoVAn P. ROCHr 
o inlfRns 0 

LRURR HRHfR 
snsCHH OGlnz 

HIRIUS IS PUBlimo mR~ IHURSOA~ Of 
IH[ mOlmIC ~fRR RS R suppumfnl fO 
fHf urso CURROlno R[PROOUClion DR 
USf Of Rny PORlion Of IHIS mllon WIIH 
OUI WRlllf" PfRmlSSlon IS PROHIBIIfO 
WI WflComl unSOllWfO ([lIfR" mRnu' 
SCRIPIS Rno RRfWORH , BU I mumr no 
RrSPOnSI91l11Y fOR IHflR RIIURn 

Vtlumf 19 nUlnHfR 7 

The tButler' does it again 
by john kearney 

hiatus writer 

Not many people realize that 
many ofUCSD's Theatre Depart-
ment productions are for the most 
part run by graduate students. 
The students are involved in 
making a variety of decisions that 
range from choosing and directing 
plays to designing the set and 
costumes. Danny Burstein and 
Jim Morlino. two graduate student 
acto rs, took the time to talk 
about themselves and the depart-
ment's recent production of Joe 
Orton's What The Butler Saw. 

Jim Morlino is a native San 
Diegan who studied music as an 
undergraduate at UCSD, SDSU, 
and USD. He plays Dr. Prentice, a 
psychiatrist who, along with his 
wife, runs ~ private asylum for 
insane. Jim finds himself in a 
unique situation with this role 
because he was at first reluctant to 
take the part. However, as things 
have progressed, certa in dimen-

. sions of the character have excited 
him . 

One aspect that he finds parti-
cularly challenging is the effort to 
find a balance between the control 
that his character possesses in the 
beginning of the play, and the 
complete loss of control that 
results when the asyl um runs 
amuck. 

"It's been fun," he says, "since 
Dr. Prentice is struggling to keepa 
lid on things, and save face, but by 
the end he's as much caughrup in 
the zaniness as everyone else." 

Danny Burstein plays Dr. Rance, 
an inspector who is responsible 
for much of the wildness that goes 
on in the asylum. Danny is origi-
nally from New York, where he 
studied theatre as an undergraduate 
at Queen's College. He finds this 
role particularly exciting since he 
plays an official who is anything 
but official. 

Ali S.dilhi.n/ Guardian 
What the Butler Saw is a comedy of sex and insanity. 

to," Danny says. "It 's really im-
portant to establish a rhythm," he 
continues, "since having someone 
guffaw right in your face can throw 
off your concenrration. It's a grea t 
feeling though . It's almost a high ." 

One thing that Jim and Danny 
have both found helpful in estab-
lishing their characters is learning 
about the life of the playwrite. Joe 

What The Butler Saw has been 
described as an irreverantly wicked 
and more-than-a-little-naughty 
comedy of sex and insanity. It will 
be performed Nov. 16-19 at 8 
p .m. and Nov. 20 at 7 p.m. A 
matinee performance has been 
added to the schedule for Saturday, 
Nov. L9. It promises to be an 
interesting show . 

Orton wrote Wiult The &tIer Saw r---------------' 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 

--." ... 

'AUONO IllADS 
U2 • till CUIII • 111M 
DIPICIII MODI 
JOIlAntUUII • .InC 
OINOOMMNOO 

............. 

~ :--'" -
..~ .. ..... ... .. 

.. "' ............... .. 
"", ...... 

" 
'. 

SAf"f'IION • 
THAI GRIWD CHICKEN RESTAURANT 

CRANBERRY 
CHUTNEY 

Your "chicken" will thank you! 
IAJOUA MISSION HIUS 

IN 1HE VONS CENTER NEAA EL INDIO 

455-8424 574-0177 

"I play an inspector who is in 
charge of making sure the mental 

in the ~~ 60s as a satire on ~~~--~-------~------------------___ ~ 
British society. 

All S.d1Ihl.n /Guardian 
What the Butler Saw is run and performed by UCSD graduate students. 
institutions are up to par," he 
says. "Little do they know that 
I'm a little mental myself." 

For both Danny and Jim, getting 
to know thei r characters, and 
growing into them, can be frustrat-
ing. Since the play is a farcical 
comedy. they find it important to 
be able to anticipate where the 
audience will laugh so that they 
can establish a sense of rhythm. 
Unfortunately, they don't get to 
perform in front of a real audience 
until opening night. Instead, they 
rehearse by running through the 
entire play for the faculty of the 
Theatre Department. 

"They can sometimes be a tough 
house since they don't always 
chuckle when you expect them 

He led a very eccentric life that 
included doing prison time for 
defacing library books. He was 
also well known for his flamboyant 
homosexual lifestyle and was very 
interested in the way people live 
behind facades and constantly fear 
exposure. Orton thought it was 
silly to lie in order to save face and 
believed people should be more 
open. His life ended in tragedy 
when he was murdered by his 
jealous lover. 

Both actors find it interesting 
how this play ho lds a mirror up to 
society while making people laugh 
at what they see there. "We 
ultimately want the audience to 
come out thinking, not just enter-
tained, " Danny says. 

OPENS NOVEMBER 18TH 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 



U c 
We did do it partly for the ridicu-
lous pop contrast to what we were 
ding. but we also h ne tly like 
that stutt· ... Add Kim Gord n. 
"In a way we were kind of forci ng 
our music up against pop music, 
be ausewedon'twanttobeputin 
some underground ghetto." 

Sonic Experimentation Sonic Youth has been negatively-haracterized a noisy and violent in certai n circll's. Although this 
description may be accurate, it is 
nonetheless incomplete. In ad-
dition. it becomes increasingly 
closed-minded every time they 
rdease a new album. Of thier pre-
vious album. E. V. O.L. , The Beat 
says, " Sonic Youth is advanced 
noise, a pretty goddamn sophisti-
cated cultural signpost - when 
they're of a mind ro be. Shall we 
just say, it's their best yet." Day-
dream Nation is even more access-
ible than E. V.O .L., in that the 
double album includes many mel-
low songs as well as their usual 

by sascha oginz 
hiatus writer 

•• A lot of people say sound doesn't 
euer die, ie juse escapes oue into the 
uniuerse, and atsome point ie hits ehe 
wall at the end of the uniwrse and 
comes reuerberatmg back and ehe 
warld is destroyed in the big inswn-
wneous surge of every sound euer 
created. That 's why music IS taken so 
serIOusly ... 

- Thurston Moore 

This fatalistic. yet "audio--
centric" type of thinking is inter-
esting when backed up by Sonic 
Youth 's energetic and inspired new 
album, Daydream Narion. Although 
Sonic Youth is deeply grounded 
in pop culture, the band is Wide-
open to experimentation. 

Daydrea"m Nation seems to be a 
culmination of the band's active 
use of non-standard instrumental 
techniques and emotional lyrics. 
Sonic Youth performs tonight at 
San Diego State's Back Door. 

mon roots, onie Youth has sur-
vived to thrive artistically, evolv-
ing an eloquent musi al vocabulary 
around dissonance, drone, feed -
back and a myriad of offbeat gui-
tar tunings. 

Ironically, their pop roots are 
integral to their not especially 
pop-like music. Lee Ranaldo says 
"When we started using a lot of 
mersh pop music between num-
bers in our sets - first Iggy songs, 
and then Madonna andJanetJack-
son and the Bangles - a lot of 
people thought it was a big joke. See SONIC, page 7 

The band, consisting of Kim 
Gordon (bass, vocals), Thursron 
Moore (guitars, vocals), Lee 
Ranaldo (guitars, vocals), and 
Steve Shelley (drums, percussion), 
was born in the Downtown New 
York City No Wave/ Noise scene. 

Unlike many bands with com-
Lee Ranaldo, Stew Shelley, Kim Gordon, and Thurswn Moore make up 
Sonic Youth. 

The home of the 
49¢ hall1burger. 

~ m /.I(/DOItOlajm ~ J!lou. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

HI~TU~ 
musIc TAIVI~ DUll 

Just think ... by tackling this little monster here, you too can 
join Anne Gramm, Dan Speca. and Brent Stahl in the Dragon-
slayers' Hall of Fame ... yes, they went charging into battle against 
last week's quiz and came riding our victorious. Their rewards for 
their exceptional valor, i.e., their $5.00 gift certificates. are 
waiting for them right here at Assorted Vinyl. 

For those of you who fared not quite so well against last week's 
ugly brute, well. .. keep on trying, as the person with the most 
correct answers has yet to be determined, and the $50.00 gift 
certificate has yet to be awarded to the Grand Dragonslayer at 
quarter's end . .. 
CONTEST RULES: One entry per person, per week. 
Entries must include name and phone number. Entries are due 
at Assorted Vinyl before 12:00 noon on the Monday following 
the issue date of the quiz. 
10% off any LP, cassette or CD in stock when you bring in your 
entry. 
Winners will be notified via this column. 

THE QUIZ 
Every so often, somebody writes and records a song, only to 

have someone else's version get famous. Well, for this week's 
quiz, we'll give you the artists who recorded the original (or close 
approximation thereof} and the artists who covered them. Buy 
what song, you ask? Well ... you have to figure that one yoursel ves. 

1. Recorded in 1970 by the Kinks; covered by The Fall. 
2. Recorded in 1981 by Wire; covered by R.E.M. 
3. Recorded in 1965 by Wilson Pickett; covered by Roxy Music. 
4. Recorded in 1981 by the Police; covered by Manfred Mann. 
5. Recorded in 1964 by the Dave Clark Five; covered by XTC. 

ANSWERS TO LAST WEEK'S QUIZ 

1. Saturday Night Live 
2. Carbana Not Glue 
3. Vanity, Sheila E., Wendy & Lisa, Apollonia 
4. Journey 
5. Kurt Schwitters, "The Ur Sonata;" "Kurt's Rejoinder" from 
Before and Afler Science 

a colorful conversationalist. 

~ 1.I..~111!1.!!----------------!!!!!!!!!!!! ---ALL AMERICAN-MEAL Quarter Pounder · with Cheese. Medium Fry, 
I I Medium-Size Soft Drink 1 /~~ ~~:; II 

Test drive any Casio calculator and 
register for the "Roxanne" neon phone. 

(Retail value: $349.95) 
I I II 
I I Lim it one coupon per 'Just $1 99 IIII I I customer. per visit. Please 

present coupon when (plus lax) II I I ordering. Not valid with Only at: II 
I~I any other offer. 71~~1~;~ Rd.@ 

~ _ ~r~~111 123Za~~~~ ~ 
_____ iii iii iii Iili iii iiiilllllll_ iii iii iii ___ iii 

HOLIDAY 
STORAGE SPECIAL 

ALCATRAZ SELF-STORAGE 
5'xS'x8' HIGH. $19 per month 
5'xlO'x8' HIGH . $33 per month 

Ii :1 ; 
! 

1---' 

, 

..... . 

. 

.... 4 
" 

. 

5206 Eastgate Mall 
452·1047 

• Truck and TraUer Rentals 
• Box. MOving and Shipping Suppl1es 

CASID. 
Only at the University Bookstore 

534·4291 
Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 

Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 
Closed Sundays and Holidays. 

-------------------------ll6,,;:) 

Name 
Address 
Phone 

REGISTRATION FOR FREE DRAWING 
"ROXANNE" NEON PHONE 

Winner need not be present. Drawing only at the 
University Bookstore. Date of drawing will be announced. 

Augusta kneads animation 
by phil macgovern 

staff writer 

1988 is turning out to be a 
banner year for the animated 
image. Of course, any year which 
saw the release of the technologi-
cally advanced "Who Framed 
Roger Rabbit" would be. But 
animation is more than annoying 
blubbering rabbits and it is very 
much more than the Saturday 
morning ca rtoons that you 
remember as a kid. Today's ani-
mation is everything from clay to 
computers. It is now considered 
an art form, and it all can be seen 
at the 21st Tournee of Animation. 

Perhaps one of the most presti-

from Cuba. Directed by Juan Pa-
dron, it is based on the ideas and 
drawings of Argentinian humorist 
Quino. The film is a series of car-
toons; tiny, comic ruminations on 
fate, techno logy and the endless 
perversity of human spirit. 

.. Arnold Escapes From Church" 
is a two-dimensional claymation 
about Arnold's literal daydream-
ing interpretations of a psalm. 
Similar to his "Penny" series on 
"Pee Wee's Playhouse," Ameri-
can Craig Bartlett provides us with 
a charming diversion. 

"Technological Threat" com-
bines standard animation with 
computer generated images. The 

comp uterized creations are 
threatening to replace the hand-
drawn ones in a story that is not 
onlya parable for today's society, 
but also an inside joke about the 
contemporary animation scene. 
The two-dimensional traditional 
characters contrast well with the 
blocky computer images in this 
treat from Bill Kroyer. 

.. Augusta Kneading" is the latest 
in the popular claymation series 
from the outrageous Hungarian 
Csaba Varga. In this installment, 
the voracious Augusta is trying to 
make break with dough that isn't 
very willing. It won first prize at 

See TOURNEE, page 8 

L m 

A scene from " The Cat Came Back," a film presenled in the 21St 
Inlernational Toumee of Animalion. 

gious and entertaining collection r--------------------------------------------------------
of animation ever assembled, it 
features the 1987 Academy Award 
winner for best animated short, 
"The Man Who Planted Trees." 
The .flavor and richness of Jean 
Giono's language and the poetry 
and magic of Frederic Back's ani-
mation are united in anenrhralling 
film whose human and artistic 
qualities are out of the ordinary. 

The story tells of how a good 
and simple man, through his dedi-
cation, makes a forest grow in a 
god-forsaken, waterless waste. 
Looking like a moving Renoir or 
Monet, it is beautifully narrated 
by Christopher Plummer. It alone 
is worth the price of admission. 

"CandyJam" is a compilation 
film: 12 animators from around 
the world were invited tc 'ontri-
bure sequences in the meOlum of 
their choice, all having the com-
mon theme of candy. Almost all 
the pieces are live action anima-
tion, from carnivorous M & M's 
to licorice bondage. A funny piece. 

"78 Tours," by Switzerland's 
George Schwizgebel, is a study of 
the cyclical nature of life. One 
image flows smoothly into another 
to (he haunting tune of an accor-
dian waltz, evoking a grand image. 

"When the Bats are Quiet" 
(Quando os MorceJ{os Sf Calam) is 
animation Film Noir at its best. 
Brazilian director Fabio Lignini 
deliberately invokes the style of 
the American films of the late 40s 
with his dark palette and heavy 
atmospherics. A dark and stormy 
night and a wearly traveler"':" very 
spooky. 

"Living in a Mobile Home" is 
an animated pop music video, 
nothing more . But the animation 
is crisp, and the song from the 
Popticians is upbeat and enter-
taining. 

"The Writer" is a new film 
from Holland's Paul Driessen, one 
of today's premier animators. A 
new film from him deserves spe-
cial notice, and thiS one is no dif-
ferent. It tells the humorous but 
dark tale of a writer's attempts 
during the Dark Ages to outwit a 
miniature and skeletal Death. One 
of the best in the show. 

Richard Williams is highlighted 
with a sequence of his animated 
commercials. This is the worst 
selection in the program. Willi-
ams was the Animation Dire ror 
for " Roger Rabbit." and his 
commercials are dull and unima-
ginative. It is a blatant attempt to 
pull in viewers with a big name, 

"Quin scopio" i a rare feature 



A 
Comedy Compilation 

by donovan p. roche 
hiatus writer 

Jerry Seinfeld, talented comedian who has turned down all offers 
to put his act on vinyl, sums up 
the current comedy scene this 
way: "I know comedy records 
used to be very popular. but so 
what? Before there was a tele-
phone , Morse code was very 
popular." 

Ever since numerous omedy 
clubs started popping up acro s 
the nation and home video began 
its boom, comedy albums have 
had a tough time keeping afloat; 
but all that may soon change . A 
recent resurgence in comedy on 
vinyl may prove otherwise, and 
bring new life to the struggling 
medium. 

Here is a small sampling of the 
many comedy albums to recently 
hit record stores: 

Whv Am 1 Straight? 

Whoopi Goldberg first intro-
duced her male alter ego, Fon-
taine , four years ago in a critically 
acclaimed one-woman Broadway 
show. 

Recently released from the Betty 
Ford Clinic, street-smart Fontaine 
is ready to speak his mind in 
Goldberg's newest album, " Why 
Am I Straight?" 

It 's difficult to classify Gold-
berg's effort as a "comedy album" 
since it spends so much time exa-
mining contemporary issues under 
a philosophi c looking glass. 
Unfortunately, record stores don't 
have a section for social ommen-
taries that spoon feed its audience 
a big piece of contaminated Amer-
ican pie. 

Although "Why Am I Straight?" 
covers the gamut of life from sex 
to religion, the majority of the 
material revolves around politics. 
As Fontaine says, "This election 
year is like being at Disneyland on 
bad acid." 

At one point, after having made 
a particularly relevant observation, 
the audience begins to applaude 
when Fontaine stops them short 
and in all seriousness recommends: 
" No, no, write your congress-
man." 

For the listeners in the comfort 
of their own homes, some of these 
insightful comments may seem 
more like preaching. "You might 
not like what I'm saying, but you 
won't be able to go home and not 
think of some of the points," he 

tells his live audience. W ell, since 
I'm already at home, I think I'll 
put on something less melancholy 
- like The mlths. 

Meat Bob 

Imagme a neurotic " left wing 
lunatic" having downed a case of 
Tab and you may have some idea 
of Bob "Bobcat" Goldthwait's 
unusual personality. If you haven't 
yet met Bob, now's your chance 
with " Meat Bob," his debut 
album. 

Bobcat, as he is affectionately 
known, is a comic who feeds off 
the moment, so his audience is 
never quite prepared for what 
may follow. When they least 
expect it he may just belt our 
"Scott Baio is the anti-Christ!" or 
" Animals are our friends, but they 
won't pick you up at the airport!" 

Bobcat covers everything from 
Satan 's influence upon rock and 
roll : "Satan is way too busy 
running Heritage U .S.A. to write 
any songs." to Ollie North: "Out-
side of DeNiro in 'Taxi Driver,' 
that was the best performance I'd 
ever seen." 

Much of this album is about 
being a new father, which is a 
scary thought in its own right. 
"Every baby looks like me," Bob-
cat says, "they have no hair and 
are screaming their heads off." 

The only thing really missing 
from this zany in roduction is the 

ability to see this lunatic in acrion, 
which helps when your dealing 
with a comic as energized as 
"Bobcat." 

The Off.White Album 
Dennis Miller, perhaps best 

known from " Saturday Night 
Live's Weekend Update," has 
chosen a mo t appr priate title for 
his debut. If one considers the 
obvious connection to the Bearles' 
"White Album" a tad grandious, 
they only need hear this innova-
tive comedian perform his "Iow-
key cynicism." 

Miller doesn't stay on one topic 
for too long. He jumps easily 
from one issue to another without 
losing your attention or laughter. 

For instance, he calls Snickers 
"the ultimate food stuff on the 
planet" and likens that em barras-
ing face we all make during sexual 
climax to "Shempwhen he needed 
cheese." 

By using a precise selection of 
loaded words, Miller is able to 
capture the highest form oflaugh-
ter - that which is behind reason. 
"Stallone," Miller says dryly, 
"there's the quintessential thes-
pian . " 

I suppose one might say Miller 
is a thinking man's comic because 
many of his jokes are about those 
who are not so bright, or that 
which is ridiculous. 

See COMEDY, page 7 

Late Bloomers 
by jim gar y 
hiatus writer 

I fee l somehow outdated when I consider that both R.E.M. and 
the Psychedelic Furs have been around long enough to merit 

greatest hits compila tions. W asn 't the New Wave about tempor-
ary, immediate, fun, disposable music? W ell, boys and girls,let's 
take a look at these new slabs 0' vinyl and see if we can reach some 
important conclusions. 

Eponymous contains songs from R.E.M. 's first five albums plus 
assorted singles and rari ties spanning the years 1981 to 1987. All 
the R.E.M . songs that you turn up the radio for are here: "So. 
Central Rain (I'm Sorry)," "Can 't Get There From Here," and, of 
course. "It's The End Of The W orld As W e Know It(And I Feel 
Fine)." 

If there are a few clinkers ("Finest W orksong" never struck me 
as a classic) and glaring o missions, (Neither "Superman" no r "I 
Believe." both from "Life's Ri h Pageant," are included on the 
album), well, those are minor details. 

Eponymous is an excellent introduction to the music of R.E.M. 
(for those who are already fans, the band's new album, Green, was 
released last Tuesday on W arner Bros . Records). Despite being 
dismissed as an obscure cri tics' band, R.E.M. have recorded 
innovative and relevam music throughout their career. 

The Psychedelic Furs have always been more in novative than 
relevant. It is a depressing commentary on today's music to 
consider that All of this and Nothing is a lot more fun to listen to 
than any dance club band of the last four years. (New Order and 
the Pet Shop Boys spring to mind .) . 

On this compilation, they dig out such hypnotic classics as 
"Sister Europe" and "Love My Way" and remind Shriekback, 
Peter Murphy and the Cure who really wrote the book on 
ambient British pop. The record also gives a nod to the Furs' 
recent resurrection with "Heartbreak Beat" and never-before-
released and sure-to-be-a-hit-wi th-the-91 X-crowd-if-it-isn't-
already " All That Money Wants. " 

Fortunately, you live in America and have the right to ignore 
these two horrible tunes and enjoy the rest of the album. If some 
of the songs sound dated, remember: Obsolescence is the price we 
all pay for our trendiness. 

The new Alarm record is a six-song EP with versions of songs 
from the other Al arm albums. If you buy o nly one pretentious 
and ove rblown live EPby a gel-haired group ofU2 imitators, this 
should be it. 

A dvanced Turbo C Programmer's Guide by Mosich et. al . FLYING HOME FOR 
THANKSGIVING? 

gives details on keyboard, mouse, screen 110, pop-up 
windows, error reporting, file 110, graphics library, the 

I new debugger on Borland's new version (2.0). 
$21 .95 list. 
Introducing C to Pascal Programmers by Shammas 
shows how to convert Turbo Pascal (V.4) programs to 
Turbo C (V. 1.5 -2.0) and the basic C language 
components to Pascal programmers. $21 .95 l ist. 

San Diego's COMPUTER BOOK OUTLET 
COMPUTERS, GRAPHICS & IMAGES 

5945 Pacific Ctr. Blvd. #501 San Diego, CA 92121. (619)546 -0264 

the latest books on programming language H P ....... ,,-
such as pascal, c, assembler , basic, dos. ~ , . 

unix, os/ 2. hardware references, ~ 
communications, graphics, database. word 1 M1r ...... ..... i i ~ processing, spreadsheets, financial and other ' a business topicS for the PC. Mec, Apple. 

Ateri. Ami"e, VAX and other workstations. • 
~JoIo""" Cor . ..._"" 

-

NEED A RIDE TO THE 
AIRPORT OR BACK? 

THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS AND TRANSPORTA-
TION ALTERNATIVES IS SPONSORING 
AIRPORT SHUTTLE SERVICE 

FOR STUDENTS ON 
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23RD AND 

SUNDAY, NOVEMrnER2 7TH 
YOU MUST HAVE A RESERVATION. CALL THE 

AIRPORT SHUTILE SERVICE AT 534-RIDE (7433). 

Sonic Youth 
Continued from page 4 
exuberam ones. 

Philosophical messages, how-
ever, may not be so easy to convey 
for Sonic Youth . Thei r stark lyri -
cal and visual imagery and eerie 
moral ambi gui ty must mean 
something, but nobody is quite 
sure what. 

''It's just that our imagery isn't 
quite as silly as a lot of other 
bands' imagery," Thurston offers . 
"The Sisters of Mercy, with the 
gothic pop imagery, [is] imme-
diately readable. Or metal bands 
with the Marvel Comics death 
stuff. I think we're just less cut and 

dried than a lot of bands. We like 
double meanings and jokes, and 
we like leaving things open." 

So is Sonic Youth's music open 
to any interpretation? It appears 
so - it has been ca lled death-
rock, gothic rock, dance novelty, 
heavy metal, underground, and 
probably countless undocumented 
other categories. Whether or not 
you get the true meaning - if 
there is one - the Il\usic sounds 
incredible. Check out the new 
album, Daydream Nation on Blast 
First Records, and check out the 
live show tonight at San Diego 
State's Back Door. 

I I 

/ I i 

I'BANKIl MY DEAR, 
I DONi 6IYEA DAMN. 
fM 6OIN6TO HAVE MY 

TAKEN! 
SENIORS I FYOlJ HAV EN'T RECE I VED YOUR 

APPOINrME rCARD 
IN rH EMA l 1. OR WOULD L.IKE TO CHA G YO R 
APPOINTMENT - CALL 534-1414 

!'>EN I OR pornait. are beintt laken at Ih. Third COmmuler l .ounKe b) appointment only. 

IMMEDIATELY! 

Comedy 
Continued from page 6 

Speaking on the d~ep South, 
which he claims is "anything but 
deep," Miller concludes, "There 
are some guys in Alabama who are 
their own fathers ." 

Moving on to the ridiculous, 
Miller doesn't need to go far from 
home. In response to the popular 
"Big Gulp," Miller notes, "Who 
needs 32 ounces of any liquid." 

Combine Miller's impeccable 
timing and oh-so-dry delivery with 
his uncommonly sharp wit and 
you've got a package that's pretty 
hard to beat. ~ 



Tournee 
Continued from page 5 
last year's Los Angelt; Interna~ 
tional Animation Celebration, a 
deserved 

Most of these animations are 
funded by the arts councils of var~ 
ious governments. For example, 
"Quinoscopio" was funded by 
the Dutch Film Board. But the 
most prolific backer has been the 
National Film Board of Canada. It 
celebrates its 50~year anniversary 
next year, and its best offering this 
year is Ri hard Condie's and 
Cordell Barker's "The Cat Came 
Back. II It is the story of poor Mr. 
Johnson's manic and futile at~ 
tempts to rid himself of the darling 
cat who is quickly destroying his 
home. The animation is excellent 
and the story line hilarious. 

The faces of a dan ing coupl 
transform from one familiar per~ 
sonality to another. Featuring the 
only known footage of Pope John 
Paul II break dancing, this i 
brought to us by the Dutch anima~ 
tor Gerrit Van Dijk and Monique 
Renault. 

The first man to create the ani~ 
mation proce was a Frenchman 
named Emil Reynaud. He lost 
th credit to an American named 
Edi on and quickly saw his inven~ 
tion outpa ed by the on et of 
silent movies. " Lights Before 
Dawn" is a moving tribute to a 
pioneering man and his invention 
from andor Bekesi. 

The T ournee close with the 
brilliant " The Man Who Planted 
Tree ." 

A full program of entertain~ 
ment, the 21st International 
T ournee of Animation, is not to 
be missed. If you want to see the 
best in this year's animation, and 
can't wait until the Festival of 
Animation comes to San Diego in 
January, make some time this week 
to see this show. 

HRTIST PROFllf Shirt 
designs 
Have you ever had an imag ,for 

a t~ hirt, in mind, yet cannot 
des ribe it in detail? Nik Schultz 
can provide you with an answer. 

.. All you see in the department 
store,s today is urf shirts, and 
maybe some Olympic stuff thi 
year, but it's all pretty much that 
Southern California 'top' look," 
sighed Nik, rolling his eyes. "There 
isn't anything with intelligent 
design or originality, I didn't like 
what I saw. There's nothing with 
any history to it. A lot of my stuff 
will have, urn, stuff from the 
thirties maybe or stuff that is 
tangible. Not like lizards on a 
sailing boat, or something that's 
stupid." 

After examining Nik's portfo~ 
lio you can sense a certain indus~ 
trial theme that is common through~ 
out his designs. "All my stuff has a 
lot of form to it," Nik said. Every~ 
thing comes together i~ a block 

"Pas a Deux" is a quick two~ 
step through modern pop culture. 

The 21 st International T ournee 
of Animation is playing at the Ken 
Nov. 20 through Nov. 26. For 
more information call the Ken at 

283~5909. 
Wyatt Guardian style, where the pieces intercon~ 

T-Shirt designs /ry Nik, who is holding his creation. The shirts are modeled by nect." A lot of my lettering uses 
(L-R) Collette Apelion and tacey Patterson. that thirties style, with the really 

----------------------------------------=---------------..., perfect curves, everything in little 

Students ... 
Make the Grade 
with 

AMERICAN SAVINGS· 
Interest-Earning 
Checking Account 
No minimum balance! 
Earn 5 1/4 % interest!* 

SPECIAL STUDENT OFFER ... 

* FREE 

* FREE 

of regular monthly service 
charges for one full year! 

first order of 200 
corporate style checks! 

* FREE 24-Hour Convenience Teller Card! 

Sign up today! La Jolla 
This offer good for a limited time only. 
'Rates subject to change 

7825 Fay Avenue, Suite #100 
Corner of Silverado Street - In San Diego 

(619) 456-3711 

AMERICAN SAVINGS~ 
A FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION 1tlWJ~~-

circles . I really like that time 
period, with it's industrial~image 
style. One of my main influences 
is this guy named Cassandre who 
worked in the early thirties and 
came up with a lot of 'true' forms 
and different perspectives in his 
poster art. I take a lot of bits from 
history and blend it with my own 
ideas. I like things that are able to 
go crazy, but not out of bounds ... 
that go crazy within their certain 
pieces of the design. And it all 
comes together to form a whole 
concept." 

Yet it is his utilization of un~ 
usual colors that makes his work 
stand out. Extremely rich in depth, 
they tend to be more dark and 
subdued than bright and neon. 
The colors tend to blend into one 
another, from green to blue to 
purples. It's not just individual 
tones, but rather a wash of color. 

How much do the t~shirts go 
for? "The hand~painted ones are 
twenty-five to thirty dollars, 
depending on the complexity. A 

silk~screened shirt in the stores 
will, hopefully, go for around fif~ 
teen, II Nik said. Not exactly cheap, 
but then neither are those sold at 
the mall. 

"It's great when people come 
up to me with a design and a t~ 
shirt, you know. The price of my 

hand~painted shirts is directly 
proportional to the time invested 
creating the shin. The painting 
takes about five hours. 

"Currently, I've got a deal with 
the Koala which is going to adver~ 
tise my 'D.I.K.' shirts (fraternity 
represented in the comic strip, 
Fratman). Also, I want to get my 
'Stop Apartheid' shirts into the 
General Store," Nik said. His 
immediate aim is to get his label 
'iix' (pronounced flicks") known 
around San Diego and on campus. 

"My dreams aren't too extrava~ 
gent like, 'God I want a yacht, I 
really want to have cool parties all 
the time and bitchin' people are 
gonna come over.' I want to do 
something so l can say, 'I did this. I 
started my own business and it 
was a sue ess.' That would be 
worth more to me than winning 
the lottery. Great, here's a million 
bucks. That'd be really uperficial 
and sort of fake. But to w rk at it 
thi hard, to start from the bott m 
and work it up, that would be 
more meaningful. II 
/' -patty jettle 


