
hiatus 

FEATURES 
UCSD Researchers study. computer's 
ability to think 12 

hiatus 

Catch the Hard Rock h1 

UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1989 VOLUME 66, #1 0 
$750,000 Award 

NASA Gives 
UCSDMoney 
for Research 

The National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration (NASA) 
awarded $750,000 to UCSD's 
Center for Astrophysic and 
Space Sciences (CASS) to com-
plete five years of planning and 
definition for an X-ray astron-
omy instrument to be launched 
aboard an Explorer satellite in 
1994. 

Design and construction of the 
multimillion-dollar instrument, 
called the UCSD High Energy X-
ray Timing Experiment, is sche-
duled to begin on campus next 
October, said Richard E. Roth-
schild, CASS research physicist 
and principal investigator of the 
project. 

The instrument will be one of 
three carried by NASA's X-ray 
Timing Explorer (XTE) satellite 
on a two-year mission to study 
X-ray emissions from extremely 
compact astrophysical objects 
such as neutron stars, white 
dwarfs black holes and quasars. 

XTii will be the first mission 
dedicated, not to finding new X-
ray sources , but to intensely 
observing the details of known 
sources. 

The goal is to learn more about 
the nature of compact matter, the 
evolution of star systems contain-
ing such objects, and the. co~di­
tions of co~mic plasmas (IOnized 
gases) subjected to extremes of 
gravity, magnetic fields and tem-
perature that surround these ob-
jects. 

"We think these X-ray sources 
are all binary systems in which 
one of the objects has evolved to a 
black hole a white dwarf or a 
neutron st~r," Rothschild said. 
"This highly condensed matter 

Mlchul Foulks/GuardIan 
Debut - Students gather at the newly opened Hard Rock 
Cafe in La Jo,lla. 

with its extreme gravitational field 
is sucking away the gases from the 
other star, accelerating them to 
red heat, white heat, then X-ray 
heat. " 

Rothschild said that X-ray 
sources provide a unique oppor-
tunity for scientific study. 

"Not only do these systems 
exhibit strong gravity, but they 
also have magnetic fields and 
relativistic phenomena we could 
never generate on Earth," Roth-
schild said. 

"Superconductivity, superfluids 
and plasmas of 100 million de-
grees are also involved. So the 
mission should also provide new 
insights about the basic behavior 
of particles and fields." 

The XTE's mission could ac-

See story, hiatus page 1 

complish several goals. The e 
could include: 
• Detecting a spinning neutron 

star predicted to have been created 
by a 1987 supernova explosion. 
• Determining the internal struc-

tor of neutron stars. 
• Testing predictions of Einstein's 

theory of general relativity as it 
relates to black holes. 
• Identifying new black holes 

and proving whether or not mas-
sive black holes are the ultimate 
power source for quasars and 
other active galaxies. 

The CASS instrument and a 
second instrument provided by 
NASA's Goddard Space Flight 
Center will make ob ervations 
over almost the entire X-ray band . 

Invention May Help Smokers Quit 
By LOREN CHEN 
Staff Writer 

A recent UCSD study revealed 
that a medication normally used 
to lower high blood pre sure 

'. effectively reduces the craving 
and withdrawal ymptom in 
people trying to stop smoking. 

te en A. Orni h, a medical 
doctor and principal author of 
the tudy, reported in the ep-
tember issue of the American 
Association's Archives of Inter-
nal Medicine that c10nidine ab-
SQrbed through the skin lowered 
craving, irritabilit , anxiety and 
restlessne levels in smokers try-
ing to quit by nearl 400 perce.nt. 
The effe t wa obser ed dUring 
the rir. t three da s of moking 
ce sation . 

Now a psychiatri~t conducting 
a private pra tice through a 
moking clinic , Ornish con -

ducted the study in 1987 when he 
was chief resident in psychiatry 
at the UCSD Medical Center. 

In thi tudy, t Ine IS 
given in the form of an adhe i~e 
patch worn on the chest and I 
ab orbed through the kin (tran -
dermally) where it enters the 
bloodstream. 

A ording t Orni h, the ' kin 
patch. whi h can be worn for a 
" eek at a time, ha a ignifi cant 
advantage 0 er pilh : By facilitat-
ing a more e\en release of cloni-
dine into the bloodstream, the 
pat h help ' redu e the side effect 
e perienced with other method), 
of treatment. 

rramdermul clon idine . he 

says, is al 0 more effective than 
nicotine gum. Most tudies how 
that the gum does not signifi-
cantly improve the ucces rate 
of quitting in the long-term . 
In tead, ome people become 
addicted to the gum it elf. 

.. inding an effecti e way to 
help people top moking . is 
extremely important ," Ornl h 
said . "Cigarette smoking lead to 
about 350,000 death~ each year 
in the nited tates, making it 
t he most common and deadliest 
drug. 

"Nicotine i ' one of the most 
addicti e drug known to man . 
a!> addictive as hcroin or co-
aine . rnish said . "When 

smoker ' 4uit , they go into a 
\ ... ithdrawal tate. j ust a ~ heroin 
addi t to into withdrawal if the 
suddenly gl\·e up hero in ." 

In the stud. people \ ho had 
See DISCOVERY, page 9 

UCSD Researchers Able 
to Reduce Epilepsy in Rats 

Epileptic activity in seizure-
prone rats wa significantly re-
duced following grafting of fetal 
rat brainstem tissue into the brains 

lof the affected rats, researchers 
!from the UCSD chool of Medi-
cine reported in the Dec. 23 issue 
of the Proceedings of the alional 
A cademy of Science. 

In the ame study, the re-
searchers al 0 found that grafts of 
fetal rat brain tissue from the hip-
pocampus (that area of the brain 
most vulnerable to epileptic activ-
ity) had the opposite effect, cau~­
ing an increa e in seizures a~d . In 
interictal spikes, bursts of acttvlty 
in the brain characteristic of 
epilepsy. 

"It is very important that we 
now have a new chronic model 
for epilepsy that will allow us to 
closely study the mechanisms 
underlying seizures and bursting 
patterns," said Gyorgy Buzsak~, 
as ociate professor of neuro CI-
ences and principal author of the 
study. 

The re earchers also concluded 
that "the present investigation 
demon trates the potential of 
neuronal tran plants to control 
epileptic activity," stre sing the 
importance of further scientific 
tudies to clarify the pecific tissue 

type appropriate for grafting, since 
hippocampal tissue was found to 
cause irreversible damage. 

According to Fr~ H. Gage, 
profe sor of neuro ciences and 
co-author of the paper, this work 
is an important step toward estab-
lishing effective methods of re -
toring or correcting function in 

the central nervous sy tem. 
"Our continuing strategy is to 

develop model systems so we can 
evaluate the effectiveness of both 
cell replacement and replacement 
of chemicals in the damaged 
brain," said Gage. "In thi model, 
we see important neural connec-
tions being made between graft 
and host tissue." 

This study parallels research by 
a team in Sweden. which indi-
cates that fetal rat brain tern ti ue 
grafts retard induced seizures in 
rats . 

The UCSD team prepared a 
model for temporal brain lobe 
epilepsy in rats by surgically e -
ering pecific nerve pathway 
leading to the hippocampus. These 
nerve pathways are felt to be criti-
cal in the modulation of activity 
in the hippocampus, a highly 
excitable region where (requent 
physiological bur ting activity i 
observed normally in group of 
neurons. Buzsaki hypothe izes 
that this activity is the basis of 
memory formation. 

Once the neuronal pathways 
that modulate hippocampal ac-
tivity are removed, the bursting 
phenomenon observed as interic-
tal spikes and eizures i trig-
gered. When this activity goes 
beyond the limits of normalcy, 
epilepsy results. 

The next step for the Tesearch-
ers, according to Buzsaki, i to 
determine the basis of both the 
uppressive effect of the brain-

stem cells and the excitatory 
effects of the hippocampal cells. 
He predicts this will lead to a bet-

See EPILEPSY, page 11 

New Theories Help 
Scripps Predict Weather 
By REBEKAH YOUNG 
Contributing Writer 

The Scripps In titution's Experimental Climate Forecast Cen-
ter recently relea ed it , weather prediction for upcoming weeks 
based on a new theory of climatic patterns. 

Jerome Namias and Dan Cayan, of the Forecast Center, pre-
dict that the we tern region of the country will experience an 
unusually cold winter while the southwest and east will have an 
unu ually warm eason. 

The Center' prediction te ts the theory that ocea~ tempera-
ture anomolies interact with the overlying atmosphenc pre ure 
pattern a well a with the path of the jet tream over North 
America. 

"The ocean play a ke role in the determination of worldwide 
climate condition ," Namia said. "Va t warm and cold pool of 
water, frequentl a large a one-fourth the area of the nort.h 
Pacific Ocean. are probably generated originally by atmo phen 
wind tem~ . The e pool , in turn, act a variabk heat ource 
that can influence the overlying atmo phere week, month , and 
sometime ear later." 

Namia e plained that the Center's foreca t i ba ed largely 
upon pre ailing cl imatic fa tor in the northern he~isphe~~ and 
in the tropic, parti ularl oceani and atmo phenc condltto~ . 

"Thi foreca t hinge up n the tenden y for the low pre ure In 
the ulf of Ala ka to trengthen more than u ual ," i'Jamia aid . 

ee WEATHER, page II 



- s s-------~----~ HORT ---
-----~ ----------------

I~ UC NEWS 
U C Berkeley Debating Addition 
of Required Course on Racism 
BERKELEY - Although UC Berkeley faculty 
members have postponed the initiation of a proposed 
American cultures requirement, another prestigious 
public university is preparing to accept a new course 
that is potentially more controversial. 

Professors at the University of Michigan at Ann 
Arbor have approved an interdepartmental course on 
racism and are considering making it a graduation 
requirement. 

"There's a general feeling that the course should be 
mandatory, but they're still debating that," University 
of Michigan at Ann Arbor spokesperson Joseph Ows-
ley said. "There is definitely a movement to set it up 
as a pilot course for the next two semesters." 

The Michigan cour e would be "more complex" 
than the American cultures requirement being consi-
dered at UC Berkeley, Owsley said, in that it deals 
specifically with racism in the United States . 

The Michigan proposal mandates that the course 
include a discussion of the concept of race, competing 
theories of racial inequality, examination of people of 
color through literature, and parallels and contrasts of 
racism and other forms of social discrimination. 

The course will focus on racism against blacks, 
Latinos, Asian Americans and Native Americans. 

The proposed UC Berkeley requirement would 
focus on the contributions of two out of four ethnic 
minorities to American history but does not explicitly 
call for a study of racism. 

Instead, it requires a comparison of racial minori-
ties and Euro-American minorities, according to UC 
Berkeley ethnic studies Professor Ling-chi Wang. 

The University of Michigan at Ann Arbor is similar 
to UC Berkele in its total enrollment, with 32,422 
undergraduate and graduate students. But unlike 
Berkeley, where no ethnic group constitutes a majority, 
only 15.4 percent of Ann Arbor students are people of 
color: 6.2 percent are black, 6.2 percent Asian, 2.5 
percent Latino / Chicano, and 0.4 percent Native 
American. 

- Mona Miyasato, The Daily Californian 

UC Berkeley Opens 'Liaison' Office 
in Tokyo to Help Rais~ Funds 
BERKELEY - In a precedent-setting event for uni-
versities across the nation, UC Berkeley opened an 
office in Tokyo the first week in December. 

BLOOM COUNTY r--------, 
. AM11/1EN 11E i<IIIM4l 

~ 
~fI(QIff. 
{.MI(AT8? ME _. 

I 

The niversity is banking on the Tokyo office to 
raise $2.25 million in endowment for the Institute of 
East Asian Studies, University poke person Tom 
Debley aid. 

The Tokyo office will be headed by Asia cholar 
Eric Rutledge, and is the fir t of its kind for (he Uni· 
versity of California and the first office in Japan for 
any American university. 

The office is intended to act as a "Iiai on" between 
the University. its Asian studies programs, alumni in 
Asia, and bu inesses and individuals interested in the 
University. said Assistant Vice Chancellor Glen Grant. 

"(Undeniably) part of the purpo e of the office is to 
promote gifts to the University by individuals and 
(Asian) corporations," Grant said. 

On the first leg of their "goodwill" Asian tour, 
Chancellor I. Michael Heyman, Robert A. Scala pi no, 
director of UC Berkeley's Institute of East Asian Stu-
dies and California Alumni Association President 
Richard G. Heggie participated in the opening. 

The University has provided no formal indication of 
whether it plans further offices in Asia. 

teven M. Markowitz, The Daily Californian 
UC Davis Adds War/Peace 
Studies Minor to Curriculum 
DA VIS - War/ peace studies, the title of a new 
minor in UC Davis' sociology department, offers a 
multi-disciplinary approach to factors affecting world 
war and efforts to establish world peace. 

Courses offered within the minor are drawn from 
various departments on campus, inclUding sociology, 
political science, applied behavorial sciences, physics, 
economics, history, American studies, comparative 
literature, geography and Russian. 

~The minor is a 'mayhem of ideas,'" said John 
Lofland, a student advisor in the sociology depart-
ment and an administrative coordinator of the minor. 
"We are making use of the resources we have. 

"We wanted to encourage a free-standing minor so 
multidisciplinary that not one department would 
dominate the curriculum," he said. 

War/ peace studies, approved by the campus admin-
istration last June, was initiated by the Davis chapter 
of the UC Institute on Global Conflict and 
Cooperation. 

- Emily Gest, The California Aggie 
UCLA Committee to Define 
Politices for Fraternities, Sororities 
LOS ANGELES - Three campus officials attended 
the University Policies Commission's Dec. 3 meeting 
to discuss the rights and responsibilities of fraternities 
and sororities at UCLA. 

Alan Yarnell, vice chancellor of student relations; 
Chris Fishburn, director of fraternity and sorority 

.. 1lJ I'IfY NA17J/fAL 
HII"'11Ir. 
I 

relations; and Berky 'elson, director of the Center for 
Student Programming attended the U PC meeting to 
help the commi sion investigate tudent policie regu-
lating "officially recognized" organizations . These 
include social fraternities and sororities. 

The investigation responds to a graduat~ govern-
ment petition. The government questioned the con-
duct of fraternity members who painted slogans on 
Winnebagoes bound for the October UCLA-Berkeley 
football game. The slogans have since been deemed 
obscene by some members of the UCLA community. 

However, U PC Graduate Representative Kari 
Shoening said her group is "not investigating the inci-
dent, we're investigating the policies." 

Yarnell said he and other officials are working on a 
definitive policy to outline appropriate behavior for 
Greek organizations. The report should be completed 
by the end of the academic year. 

He said he hopes issue will be resolved within the 
Interfraternity Council before it reaches an outside 
body. If Fishburn's office accepts the policies deve-
loped by IFC, the issue will not have to be taken to a 
higher level. 

- Joe Quinn, The Daily Bruin 

UCSDINFO 
New Graduate Fellowship in 
Pacific Studies at UCSD 

Philanthropist M. Larry Lawrence, chairman of the 
board of the Hotel del Coronado, has donated 
SIOO,OOO to UCSD to establish a fellowship for 
minority women attending the University's new Grad-
uate School of I nternational Relations and Pacific 
Studies (I R/ PS). 

First recipient of the M. Larry Lawrence Graduate 
Fellowship in Pacific Studies is Alejandra Valdez, a 
Hispanic student in the I R / PS international affairs 
program. Income from the endowed fellowship will 
cover the tuition of each year's recipient. 

Valdez received a bachelor's degree in political 
science from UCSD in June 1988. She plans to estab-
lish a business career dealing with Latin America, fol-
lowing completion of her master's degree. 

Volunteer Opportunities 
The Volunteer Connection at UCSD acts as a 

Iiason between UCSD staff and students and the 
San Diego non-profit community. If you are 
interested in these or any other volunteer oppor-
tunities, please stop by our office on the second 
floor of the Student Center or call us at 534-
1414. Show San Diego that students care about 
the community in which they live! 

Crisis Line Counseling 

The California Center on Victimology has an 
immediate need for crisis line volunteers, from 5 
p.m. to 9 a.m. , three nights a month. Other 
opportunities range from public relations to 
administrative support. The center, located in 
downtown San Diego, offefs programs in legal 
and psychological counseling, especially dealing 
with child victims of crimes. A five-hour orien-
tation is required and a five-hour a week com-
mitment will be requested. 

Children's Wailing Room 

Volunteers are needed to work a minimum of 
three and a half hours a week to provide daily 
operation of the Children's Waiting Rooms in 
the County Courthouses. The work includes 
intake, registration and supervision of children 
who e parents have business before the court of 
child witnesses. An orientation is required for all 
volunteers at the County building in C1airemont 
before assignment. 

Cabrillo National Monument 

The old Point Loma lighthou e needs five 
volunteers to clean the light lens and its brass 
framework, and to du t and vacuum exhibit 
rooms and artifacts. Volunteers mu t be availa-
ble four hours in the mornings twice a month 
and be comfortable with fragile object~ . 

Clairemom FriendJiJip Center 

Befriend and as~is( frail senior citi7ens in 
C1airemont. A minimum of two hours a week is 
required for volunteer~ to help with craft~, 
music, and recreation, between the hours of 9 
a.m. and 4 p.m. 

Thp UCSD Guardian 

Lights & Sirens 
Se/~(ted entries from 1M UCSD police activlly log book for th~ 

wet!k iHcemiwr 16 throuxh January 1 

Monday. Decem ..... 16 
• 3:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a computer, a stereo, 

phona and a televilion from a Third apartment. Loss: $2,600. 
T .... y. Decem ..... 27 
• 9:44 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a typewriter 

from 8SB by an unknown suspect. Value: SIOO. 
Wednesday. December 11 
• 8:30 a.m. : A campus construction worker reported the theft of 

marble tiles from the Price Center construction site. Police have 
no suspects. Value: S300. 
.9:27 p.m.: A 31-year-old non-student was arrested for out-

standing warrants at the Main Gym. Police officials say the 
individual is a tran ient who has been arrested several times 
before. He was cited and released. 
Thursday. December 19 
• 10:30 a.m.: A staff member reported an.unusual phone call 

from a male non-student who requested information conc:crning 
an animal research project at BSB. Police say the information is 
available to the public, however the caller falsely identified him-
self. 
Frida,. D ..... ber 31 
• 2:0S a.m.: A SDPD pursuit ended in a collision OD Gilman Dr. 

at the Revelle Service Rd. San Dieao police chased Robert 
Standke, a non-student, to campus where he collided with 
another vehicle driven by a Muir security guard. The security 
guard was on his way home when the acc;ident occurred. Accprd-
ing to campus police, the security guard was monitoring the 
pursuit on his police radio and attempted unsuccessfully to get 
out ohhe way. Standke was arrested. The vehicle he was driving 
was determined to be stolen. There were no injuries. 
Monday, January 2 
• I: 15 p. m.: A female juvenile non-student was arrested at 

Central Library for the alleged theft of books. The 17.year-old 
La Jolla High student told police that she needed the books for a 
school report and that she was going to return them. The suspect 
allegedly tore the bindings from the books to avoid setting offthe 
alarm at the entrance of the library. The suspect was released to 
her father. .-Compiled by John Shaw 

NEWS Wednesday. January 4. 1989 3 

. UCSD Crime Prevention Day Planned 
A "Crime Prevention and Safe-

ty Awareness Day" will be held at 
Revelle College on Wednesday, 
Jan. II. 

The event is part of an effort to 
increase student awareness about 
personal safety as well as the 
campus and community resour-
ces available to students who are 
victimized. 

It will be sponsored by Revelle 
College Dean's office, the Revelle 
Resident Dean's office, and the 
Student Safety Awareness Pro-
gram. 

According to program coordi-
nator Lorna Hirae, the event is "a 
way for students to understand 
that we care about them." 

She continued that "it takes a 
while for new students to realize 
the potential dangers . . . on our 
campus." 

The program was scheduled 
for early January so that students 
will be able to understand the 
dangers early in the quarter and 
learn to protect themselves and 
their belongings, she said. 

Hirae also metioned that the 
services that will be discussed dur-
ing the program are available to 
commuter students as well as those 
living on campus. 

The main event will be a public 
forum [scheduled to begin at noon 
on Revelle Plaza] titled "Does 
She Deserve It" concerning the 
myths about rape. 

Angie Hughes and Marissa 
Westerfield , both Revelle RA's , 
will facilitate a discu sion with a 
panel of RA's con isting of Bruce 
Coberly, Lise Deines, and Kathryn 

Evans. 
The discussion will focus on 

controver ial issues related to 
men, women , alcohol, sex and 
crime. 

and a car display sponsored by 
the San Diego Police Department . 

Registration materials for self 
defense and fir t aid classes offered 
by Canyonview will also be avail-
able. Other activities on the Plaza 

will include engraving services 
offered by Community Service 
Officers, bike and auto safety 
devices for sale by the Bike Coop, 

The program will end at 7 p.m. 
with a free self defense workshop 
in the Revelle College Formal 
Lounge. 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

7rJMS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

DISCOUNT-
with this ad . Exp ires 1/15/89 

'Must be presented at time 01 estimate. 
Not valid wnh major engine 0< transmission repelf!-. 

[
ii"ir'" CALL CALIFORNIA ~j 1450-94941 !~ E._ 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE i 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------, ..... 1 ................................................. .. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Extended Hours 

January 3,4,5: 7:45 a.m.-9 p.m. 
January 6: 7:45 a.m.--6 p.m. 
January 7: 9:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. 
January 9 and 10: 7:45 a.m.-7 p.m. 

University Bookstore 
QJJ[C~IDI 

Regular store hours will resume Wednesday, January 11: 
Monday-Friday 7:45 a.rn.-5:15 p.m. Saturday 10 a.rn.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays. Phone 534-3770 

r----~-------------~----~ : 30% OFF UCSD SWEAT: 
: TOPS. BOTTOMS : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I \. ':1. I 
: UNVEFSTY OF , : 

. : ,mlf~~l~ : 
: SAN DIEGQ : 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
: SAVE ON EVERY OFFICIAL : 
I UCSD SWEAT IN STOCK I 
II • Heavyweight fleece .Two terrific new : 

• Tops-crewneck/full body designs 
I • Bottoms-Elastic waist • Choose from Gold I 
I with drawstring or Royal I 
I (With this coupon onlythru 1/ 8/89 at this location only) I 
I I 

: 'Pacific ~~~& & T& : 
I I 
I La Jolla Convenience Center I 
I (next to Kinko's) 535-0365 I L _______________________ ~ 



4 Wednesday. Jalluary 4. 1989 

_____ O_P-J7hLlucr~U4~ 0 N-----
Hunter S. Thompson 

Victim of the Age 
.. The fUlure smells of Russian leat her. of blood. of godlessness and oj 

much whipping . .. 
- Heinrich Heine, 1842 

M y friend Cromwell chained himself to a water pipe last week and then jammed his feet through the white-hot grill of a 20.000-wall power furnace. but he omehow esca ped death. 
The furnace exploded with a tremendous blue flash and fell against his 
55-inch Mitsubi hi TV et, which exploded and blew Cromwell across 
the room . . .. 

Which sayed hi life. as it turned out. The voltage wa 0 massive 
that it kicked him free of the meltdown and left him cowering on his 
own floor while black fire and yellow smoke hissed out of his machin-
ery and the whole valley wa blacked out for six hours by what the 
electric company later described as "an extremely pure short circuit 
that moked everything on the grid except the individual who caused 
it. ., 
. Cromwell was not injured, except for a maze of deep black pinhole-

sIzed burns all over the bottom of his feet. ... They were RF burns 
- the kind that burn from the inside out, in the style of a microwave 
oven - and word out of the hospital was so gloomy that one doctor I 
spoke with even raised t he possibility of amputation. 

"Nonsense," I said to him. "How would he walk? We'l glaze the 
buggers before we cut them off." 

" It's horrible," the doctor said, "but we'l do what we can." 
"That may not be enough ," I said. " May be I should do the operation 

myself. It 's mainly a laser p rocess. but some people are very afraid of 
it. " 

"What are you talking about?" he snapped . "Are you a licen ed 
physician?" 

"Don't worry." I said. "It's a lot better than amputating." 
He had to agree, but he eemed nervous about granting me Operat-

ing Room Privileges. 
"What do you mean glazing them?" he said. "Where did you go to 

chool?" 
.. ever mind that," I said . "You know the proces . We just draw a 

line around the ankle and we petrify everything from there down with 
the Magnum Laser. Believe me. they never even/eel it." 

He had heard of the process, apparentl y, but he said it was not even 
legal in Mexico. 

"That's becau e of the glazing," I said. "There is some kind of 
religious objection to 'entombing the ti sue.' But most of our trouble 
comes from quacks in the pay of the pro thetics industry. They get a 
kickback every time they clamp a pair of cheap plastic feet onto 
anybody. 

"Don't worry," I continued, "111 be checking on our patient this 
afternoon, and we can talk about this thing in a professional 
atmosphere ... " 

"Of course." he said quickly, and then he paused, uttering a long, 
unhappy sigh ... " But tell me something, Doctor." he asked me, "Why 
did thi~ terrible thing happen? Is Mr. Cromwell suicidal?" 

" 0." I replied. "He was insane." 
"What?" he said. 
"You will hear the ~tory soon enough," I told him. " It will break your 

heart . The truth is that Mr. Cromwell was utterly insane when he 
attempted to destroy himself with electricity ... I talked to him about 
two hours before the explosion, and he was hysterical. He said death 
was his only way out." 

W hich had seemed more or less trueat the time. Cromwell wa raving drunk when he called me. and all I cared about. at that point, was keeping him away from my house at all cost. . . . 
He was a violent boozer who had just suffered a major emotional 
shock. 

When he drove down the mountain to pick up his mail , he found an 
advance copy of a slick gossip magazine wi th a naked photograph of 
his ex-wife on the cover, and his own nameslashed in red letters across 
the middle of her body. 

The story inside was so horrible, he said, that it caused him to have a 
seizure .... The whole middle of the magazine was filled with vicious 
gossip about hi married life and hazy reprints of deeply intimate 
photographs of himself and his wife that he assumed had been burned 
many years ago. 

The headline said : 'The Beast On My Back : A True Story Of Sex, 
Drugs & Degeneracy Among Washin~on's Power Elite." 

His former wife, a half-mad social climber in Georgetown political 
circles, had just received a million-dollar advance from a major pub-
lisher for writing a "no-holds-barred" book about their life together 
that was going to be a "hid eous, shocking best seller." 

This thing in the gossip ma.gazine was o nly an excerpt - "Only the 
tip of the iceberg," he said . "That bitch has gone crazy wi th greed. 
They paid her $10 a word in adva nce, then they ~ot her cranked on 
cocaine and kept her awake for three or four days at a time. They 
whipped her into a frenzy ana then taped all !.he vicious things she said. 

"They have a photo from our honeymoon," he said , " they have 
photos from orgIes. She even sold them picture of me flogging her." 
He laughed . "They looked like snapshots from Haiti in 194-2. 

"She told them her mother cried becau e I made her eat LSD. She 
said I forced her to eat human ne h." 

"So what?" I said. "Get a grip on yourself. YOIl're having a whiskey 
nightmare. Tie your arms to the bedpost and go back to sleep. Your 
drinking is out of control." 

But I knew it wasn't the whiskey, and so did he ... . He was a Victim of the Age ... a casualty ofthe~ame hellish exces es that 
once made him unnaturally rich and powerful. ... Once he wa' 

ee THOMPSON, plge 6 

A CM:t IkJ 1I/iI; . 1Il6 fJ5WJ Tlf ffiU:)J CF AW ClI'1U. ~1lt 
• At cF~1 

6(ClI;R NJD 
Ml~ ~ fb~ 
r,~ esT 
f\lN-te AfJ/ 
HetJ a=50 ~~ ~w (jj() N'E I&f1{Vr 91J6- I 1ij5" 

Letten 

Watson Backs 
Forum Idea 
Editor: 

I understand and empathize 
wit h the frustratio n expressed in 
your commentary ("Comm Profs, 
Students Isolated from Reality", 
Guardian, Nov. 28). 

It is most unfortunate that more 
members of the UCSD commun-
ity (i nclud ing me) did not attend 
the Guardian Forum " How Can 

an Diego Press Be Improved." 
Because the transcript published 
in the Guardian indicated that 
many interesting and informative ' 
idea were presented at the forum , 
I hope tha t the low turnout will 
not discourage yo u and the 
Guardian from spo nsoring other 
forums. 

Forums sponsored by the 
Guardian are an excellent idea 
and should be continued with 
dedication to make them a well 
attended UCSD tradition. 

Joseph W. Watson 
Vice Chancellor, 

Undergraduate Affairs 

When to 
Call T-Reg 
Editor: 

The Registrar's Office appre-
ciates the edi torial, "T-Reg Prob-
lem ., (Guardian, ov. 28). It was 
fair, informative, and the su ppor-
tive tone is especially appreciated . 

The Registrar's Office is proud 
to offer this new service to UCSD 
tudents. As voice-response tech-

nology and systems were perfec-

OOWCJf2 

ted, the administration determined 
to make UCSD students among 
the fi rst beneficiaries. 

Based on the T-Reg evaluation 
survey ( 1, 131 returned of 3,719 
mailed), students overwhelmingly 
(over 88 percent) prefer T-Reg to 
the previous system. The advan-
tages most frequently cited were 
convenience and confirmation of 
enrollment on the phone. 

Although designed as a multi-
ple choice questionnaire, space 
wa left for student comments. 
The vast majority of res pondents 
wrote com ments. These comments 
were gratifying because they not 
only provided helpful observa-
tion but were positive and enthu-
siastic a bout T-Reg. Ma ny stu-
dents took the time and effort to 
express their thanks and to com-
pliment those involved for a job 
well d o ne. 

As could be expected of a pro-
ject of this magnitude we exper-
ienced some start-up problems, 
but aside from a few minor issue 
they have been corrected . The 
Registrar's Office experienced 
fewer problems and received far 
fewer calls from students about 
T- Reg this fall than last spring. 

Your editorial indicated that 
"the bigge t complaint students 
seem to have with T-Reg is that 
they can't get through." We cur-
rently have another unit on order 
with a n additional 16 telephone 
lines. However, this cannot be 
installed until we bring up our 
JntegTated Student Information 
System late next year. 

In the interim, we are taking 
several steps to reduce the hourly 
and daily load on the sys tem and 
enhance accessibility: I) add addi-
tional days and additional ap-
pointment start times to spread 
appointments over a longer 
period; 2) reduce each appoint-
ment from 72 hours to 48 hours to 

Constitutional Overhaul 
Editor: 

I am askinS the Council, tbro. the foUowiD, resolution, to 
call for a Constitutioul Conve ...... The request is as foUow.: 

Student Repn,1IIt1dloa •• 11 • W 
Whereas, the Associated St~ Council is bound in struc-

ture and responsibility by the ASUCSD Conatitution. and 
Whereas. a need to improve dill representative mcmbenhip 

and purpose of the Asaociated SCadents Council for the AlSO-
ciated Students of UCSD exists. 

Let it therelore be resolved, till A.S. Council hal determined 
these condition merit a Constitlilional Convention be held and' 
that the president of ASUCSD tonduct such a convention 
according to Article VIII,.Section C of the ASUCSD Constitu-
tion. • 

Please be advised that this involves a potential for dramatic 
change in the structure and function of the A.S. government. If 
you have any questions reprdinathe purpose, the procedure, or 
the process of involvement in a Constitutional Convention, feel 
free to contact me at the A.S. office. 

Ma,nard DI .... d_ 
A.S." ..... 

OCCJ(. 

reduce the potential callers on any 
given day; and 3) continue to per-
form backups as quickly as possi-
ble so that the sys tem can be back 
up shortly after 5 a .m. 

Students should be aware that 
although published system hours 
are 8 a .m . to 4 a .m., the system is , 
in fact , also available as soon as 
nightly backups and maintenance 
are completed, at approximately 
5 a.m. 

In addition, according to sys-
tem reports, peak ca lling limes 
are between 9 a .m. and 4 p.m. 
Students can increase their chan-
ces of making connection with the 
computer o n their first try by cal-
ling before 9 a .m. or after 4 p.m. 

Ronald J. Bowker 
Registrar and Admissions Officer 

Overcommitted, 
Not Apathetic 
Editor: 

I have just read your comments 
about the Forum (Guardian, 
Nov. 28). 

I sympathize with you about 
the turnout for your efforts to 
create a d ia logue with and about 
the loca l media . But I want to 
mention that your experience with 
this is not unlike the experience of 
anyone on thi s campus who 
attempts to organize actual dis-
cussions about issues. 

I was president of Women's 
Caucus for two yea rs recently. 
Caucus is a staff and faculty 
women's organiza tion , and we 
worked very hard to present 
speaker and issues that would 
bring out the community. It never 
did work very well , but the con-
clusion to be reached is not that 
people are not interested, it's just 
that most people have too many 
other demands to easily include yet 
another. I have attended events 
where national ligures have been 
brought to ca mpus and have 
spoken or performed to mostly 
em pty seats in Mandeville. 

J think that it is too easy and 
too cynical to co nclude that peo-
ple who do not care about these 
things. At least for most staff that 
I know about - and that is a 
considerable number - mo tofus 
are overcommitted in a variety of 
ways. For instance, the night.that 
yo ur forum was held, I was still 
st ruggling with the decision to 
attend it a t 7:30 p.m . as I sa t in a 
lecture at San Diego State where I 
am enrolled as a part-time gradu-
a te stud ent in the School of Social 
Work . I very much wa nted to par-
tici pate because I have been very 
interes ted in t.he relations between 
the loca l press (community) and 
the Universi ty, but the se mester 
was endi ng at tate and I was 
c nfronted with d eadlines for 
papers and tests. I am doing all of 
See OVERCOMMITTED, pace 5 

The UCSD Guardian 

EDITOR 
IN 
A 

Box 

Flight 103 Reflections 
By KATHLEEN DONAHUE 
Photo Editor 

ENGLAND - When we think 
of England, we think about the 
Queen, Margaret Thatcher, Buck-
ingham Palace, London Bridge, 
soccer, polo . And perhaps now 
some people think of the Locker-
bie air disaster. 

On Dec. 21, Pan Am flight 103 
took off from Heathrow airport, 
never to land in one piece again. 
Instead, a bomb that was in the 
front cargo hold blew up in the 
plane, spreading it over the Scot-
tish town of Lockerbie, killing the 
259 people aboard and II people 
on the ground. 

I was in London then. The first 
question asked me by my famil y 
and friends after this incident and 
when 1 returned to the United 
States was, "What airline did you 
fly?" My answer was, "Pan Am." 

It was very discomforting to 
realize I had already booked a 
return night on the marked air-
line. But people as well as I fig-
ured a tragedy such as this won't 

happen twice, and sure enough it 
didn't . But it makes us realize 
how vulnerable and helpless we 
are when it comes to something 
like this. 

I, like many of the people on 
flight 103, am a college student 
travelling to spend the holidays 
with family and friends . Unfortu-
nately, those on the other flight 
never made it home. 

While in England, we constantly 
heard updates as to the cause of 
the accident , and any information 
surrounding it. Even before the 
black box was found and the 
cause of the disaster was deter-
mined, the people at Frankfurt 
were blaming Heathrow for let-
ting the bomb slip through their 
security and the people at Hea-
throw were blaming the security 
at Frankfurt. 

While crews worked around 
the clock to find missing clues 
about what happened at least J3 
scavengers were caught and ar-
rested in Lockerbie for taking 
things that were on the ground 
belonging to those that were on 

-I- - - • 

OPINION 
the doomed flight. 
. What I would like to know is 
what is wrong with these people?! 
Terrorists putting a bomb on a 
plane killing hlmdreds of inno-
cent people. The airports blaming 
one another when they should be 
worrying about the famil ies who 
lost their loved ones . And the sca-
vengers who took personal be-
longings of those aboard , when 
these items could be given to the 
families of those who died. It's all 
very disturbing! 

As far as security at the airports 
is concerned , what ca n be done? 
Security is pretty tight as it is, 
considering that now plastic ex-
plosives can be shaped into the 
lining of suitcases. The only sure 
way to detect bombing devices at 
this point is to take the suitcases 
apart , or to send the luggage on a 
d ifference plane. Neither of which 
can realistically be done. 

This can't stop people from fly-
ing, though. In a three month 
period , there were 140 terrorist 
threats to airlines. I left my purse 
in Heathrow Airport on accident, 
and one of my friends jokes that 
security probably throught my 
purse contained a bomb and dis-
posed of it accordingly. 

I am not a religious person, but 
I do feel that there is a purpose for 
everything that happens. For the 
family and friends who lost loved 
ones on the flight, I am deeply 
sorry,but I have hope something 
good can come out of this. It 
might be hard to imagine some-
thing good coming out of such a 
horrible fate, but more unusual 
things have happened . 

Perhaps nothing good will come 
of it. I just have to remember that 
we are pretty lucky to be in school 
here at UCSD, having the family 
and friends that we do. 

Overcommitted 
Continued rrom page 4 
this on top of a full-time job. 

What I am doing is not unique 
as there are many other taff who 
are trying to juggle school and 
families on top of full-time jobs. 
For most who drive into the Uni-
versity every morning from outly-
ing communities, and drive home 
at night through commuter traf-
lic, to think about turning around 
and coming back is onerous. 

I tried various strategies to 
include as much of the UCSD 
community as I could in Caucus 
business. I generally learned that 
for the sort of thing that yo u tried 
to do, to put it in to an eve ning slot 
was not ve ry useful. Either a 
lunch hour (extended) discussion 
was best or late afternoon, right 
after work, although that slot 
tended to exclude women with 
small c hildren that had to picked 
up from daycare or school. 

I guess what I am urging you to 
do is not to get discouraged about 
the size of the audience. There will 
be far more who will read your 
coverage in the Guardian, and 
that is even more important , I 
believe. 

Wednesday , January 4, /989 5 

I would also point out another 
sociological phenomenon (anec-
dotal) that I've picked up among 
the faculty , and that is that there 
are few that read the local press. 
Most have come in from outside 
San Diego, and relatively speak-
ing, most are new arrivals with 
little sense of involvement in San 
Diego, the city. Some have been 
immediately turned off by the 
not-too-disguised conservatism of 
the local press, and tend to keep 
informed through Eastern news-
papers (the New York Times, or 
the Wall Street Journal) . 

I think exploring the level of 
involvement of the faculty in the 
city would be interesting (and 
that's the e nt ire city, not just La 
Jolla). I don 't know the predilec-
tion olthe communication faculty 
in the print media or in city in-
volvement. But I would be su r-
prised if many read the San Diego 
papers on any regular basis and I 
would be surprised if many pay 
much attention to the city. T he 
only campus ligure who seems to 
be both a local and national 
statesman is Roger Revelle. 

I like what you are trying to do 
with the Guardian this yea r. Don't 
get d iscou raged . 

Elaine R. Brooks 
510 

OPINION EDITOR 

! 

• POSITION NOW OPEN .. 
Submit cover letter, resume, and sample editorials by 
Tues. Jan. 10 at noon to John Shaw, cJ 0 The UCSD 
GUIlTdian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. Call 534-6S80for 

more information. 

L Jy S,~~ what we have in store for you. 
.. 

-I- - t- .. - - -t- . . . I The University Bookstore is growing-again. In spring, the Bookstore will reopen its doors 
in the heart of the UCSD campus. The 
spacious new facility will cover an area of 

/ 

.,L. 

L . 
! - • 

·· H -· 

' 1-' // I-Y / " 
, ~ , / 

"" //. / / I't ' / 1 
, ~I/ . ',~II" ;" . ~::==::::: 
I 

/ 

,/ 
" 

I 

~", 
, ,\)/ '" 
<t// r ' . . 
., ., / 
." / ,~ . .. = 
/ . '1'" /. .- .- ~ 

/ H - - 1-- ' 7/ ;'. 
/ . ·-H +f-V 
f - - r--I-+ - · h 
1- I-Y 
, - - vI.? 
,... c;: 

-l? 

1. 1 0 1 

• 

_.~-+_ I-I..J _ _ 

-14- 1-1_ 1 i-
" . 

" 
..., . . 

" . 

'" 

42,000 square feet-more than a twofold 
~'" increase over the present bookstore. 

~~ 
~~ With this expansion, the 

~ University Bookstore will b~ one 
. . 1 of the finest university bookstores 
~ -; _~~i~ __ in the country. The new facility 

, :fl-j'rr II will provide space for expanding j l" the selection in General Books to 80,000 or more titles, and to 
1/' . 15,000 titles in Medical and Technical 

vV" Books. The Computer Center will more 
14 ' than double in size. 

. \" As an academic resource, the 
. I~ ~/ I University Bookstore will continue 

' ~<""- '~jlmto p[Tl~l' drli;:eu~~~:'s~:ythe , UI~ LI . 111:! :':nn;,~::~~~s The 
always, will be on service and selection. 

University Bookstore 
[lJJ ([ : ~ ( ) j I I~ ) 



6 " ('dllf,ldOI. JOllllon 4. IV, V 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKOI$ PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternative 10 Ihe Library ReseNe Room We'lI 
turn your loose course materials Into bound class readers, 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBli' COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WlU HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIALS 
OVERNIGHT ORDERS ACCEPTED 
FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
OPEN WEEKENDS 

Let Us Do The Chasing While You Do The Teaching 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 ·OPEN 24 HOURS 

$ 

OPINION 

Thompson 
Continued from page 4 
sinister. but now he was just 
an ther dumb butt of the latest 
national sex joke. His wife had 
sold him out and utterly destroyed 
him ju t for a pile of nickels 
and dimes .... A huge pile, to be 

sure. but sti ll a mcs~ of pottage. 
The nex t day romwell ca lled 

from the hospital to say he had to 
ca ncel o'ir luncheon engagement 
because they were going to a m-
putate. 

I was st unned, but he see med 
resigned to it and asked if I could 
come in before they tarted the 

fhe L'es D Guardian 

cutting and bring him a bottle of 
whi key. 

A huge lump jammed my 
th roat. I felt tears on my face . . .. 
"And one more thing." he aid. 
"Can you stop at the post office 
on the way and pick up my mail 

I'm expecting a huge dividend 
check fro m that j unk bond deaL" 

______________ ~~~o~~~,~------________ ~ 
JO li N ~ H AW, f'duur ill ("I"e' 
tARA MIHATA. \101l0XIII.t: rib,,,, 
SETH !>LATER. ~.'''' /.,I"or 
C\ ", OrillA rAMI' BELI.. 4..-,wuah' ira J:duor 

.~RIC (IiAl \ NK IN. A.HrH lou' 'i 'll \ t(/llor 
KA TH LE[' DO, All l 'f. fllll'lI 1..1"0' 
RICK ~ORD. ("IJI'/" I> c'd,tvr 
PIlIL G Rt EN • . \ port;) fdllor 

L"~ E~A 1.1(;111 . PrtJ(/"1 1/(111 \Jal1o~fT 
JlI IF Ml ~RO. feOlUrc ' \ Editor 
AU ~ADIGIIlJ\l\ • .4')Jm'UII' Plio", I til/or 
APR I L ~\"TH. ("I" [(1110' 
I.ANN\ \\ EIN1RAI R. " lI\U Ll/llor 
OA" 10 \\ "'fER. ASJu<wfe " -eh \ 1.1",or 
SA BRINA rOI ·MANS. Am J:duv, 

MICIIA£t ~Ol'l_ K • Ad,..""",!! "'U".Kef 
~ln_:,\DL DIAMOND. BI4~mt"l .\ Manager 
MIKI:: 1"RTlN~Z. Adl'l ''' ''illJK /)t' \I,,! IIer 
Jt,t- ,,- S\'M01\l.t dl'l'rrmIlX Reprl'j,mafh't' 
JO PJI\\CEK. 4dH.>rUHI1j( Rl'pr(,3(' 1IIf}1I1t' 

Jill Colic) . DCI1I!>e DatJor. Amund:1 Dalllll\\ . Rand, Unllng~t . Su~an 
1I ~lcn . Bnan 110" . Kenneth J e nlicn. I'all" JelllC'. M I I~ Kan. John 
Kearne), Ma,~ Kenne) . Jefr I ombelh . i..ddm I CI). I eeo.. l.lghl . 
l"lhillp MacGo\crn. Mi~c: Martlne/ . NUllc\ MUlllllcr.1 aura Proclor. 
I>ontche Sh..tnl/ . Wt:nd) Steinle. Dennis \\'00 
Photo&r.pher~: Jill Sablor. 8 n.1O Blh eu. Su,an .. au lhnber. Peter 
M c"ro baan. Bnan \tt Offl~ . w,illl R()~nla1. "' en Reln~tclO. RimJ-s 
L Igiri, . 
Illustrators : Rem~ A\;.IOCIO. Janie ManJril\On . l erl Quail. Jon R. 

lh~aka. I 01') Yu. Alina Zorrenn 
T;'ptstftrrs: C) nthia Campbell. (\nthla Chc,~ . Kmuk Doni) . Jeff 
KiIc. tara Mihal. 
Cop~ Ru der!!. : lot .l nU) Dotlnga. Ene Springer 
Production: Marci ArOnO\lt7. ~ICOh: Ue nneH . !'1tal:) Long't rc..~t. 

l\an('~ Muntner. Alme ~gu)en. April ~mllh . Julie Sonntag. Jeff 
Y ~l mDl:!Uchl 

The ('CSf) GllordulI1 i. publi\hed Mond!!), and I hurs-
day. during the academic year b) and for Ihe >ludenl' of 

CSD. Reproducli on or u\e ollhi, ne""paper wilhout per-
mi sion i, Slricl l) prohihiled 1988. all righ!> re,e".d. The 
vllort/ioll IS not resronsiblc for umolici led manuscript, or 
art , 

Senior ~t.rr \\ri't.r~: Annamane IiclIl'ndc, . DU\ld Kr';'o.J k~ Peter Vie"lt c\prcsscd in" riling and 111 g raphic, do not nece !lo-
\1."""bmn. I\abelle T,llan\!. I arr) \\ emlraub ,ani) represent the opini o n, of 71,e ("lOreliall.1 ht U nil e"il) 
s larr \\ri1<rs : VlIlecnl Andrade. Mar<> Arono,,". C)nlhla ell",) . 0 1 Californm nor Ihe Associated Student, of U(,SD. 

The U(,SD (;uardiln, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Editori.l: (~ J9) 534-6580 Business: (6 19) 534-3466 

1989-90 $ 

UCSD FINANCIAL AID 

$ 

APPLICATION PACKETS 
ARE AVAILABLE F OM THE 

STUDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES OFFICE 
If you wish to apply and have not received an application packet in the mait 

please contact your Student Financial Services Office. $ 

DON'T BE CONFUSEDJed OVER FRAMING PRICES 
Memorabilia . t-me • :,t1Cl<ers • :>tullea 
Rne Stuffed Animals ~N\,"G 

f SPEC''''\' 
ONL"!' 

'S,,·· 
sters 

fine rs • StICkers . 
Posters . Slickers . Stt.i ffed Animal~ • 
Stickers . Stuffed Arumals . Art Prints . 
Animals . Art Prints . Games . Gifts . 
Pnnts . Games . Gifts . Cards . Mugs . T-
Gifts . Cards . Mugs . T-Shirts . Framing 
Mugs . T-Shirts. Framing • Rock- n-Roll 

Framing • Rock ·n -Roll Memorabilid • 

• Gifts. Cards. Mugs. T-Shirts. framing • I-<oci<-n-I-<Oll 
• Mugs. T -Shirts. Framing • Rock- n-Roll~~~--

Framing 
Poster hoKe of any e your c 

Let US fram _ frame 
K aluO,,,nurn 

in a blac with glaSS, 
foarnboard 

nted on 
mou 24")1.36" 

Not to e)l.ceed 
d poster. at inCIU e 

price does n SPECIJ'LS 
HI ,IV'HlING 

CUSlO 
"vailable alsO '" 

• Cards. Mugs. T 
• Gifts. Cards. 
~----------------------.... ~---__ --.;;...------,--------- Expires Feb. 9. 1989 ----II 

~\{ts ht~'·h~t,,, 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
{Across from the Broadway) 452·7755 

POSTER 
SPECIAL 

5 POSTERS 
FOR THE PRICE OF 4 
Ileast expensive one for FREE, 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 

Waste Burn: Troubled Idea monitoring is even more disturb-ing. 
Editor: 

I am afraid your article "Toxic 
Waste Burning Near UCSD Pro-
posed" (Guardian, Dec. I) failed 
to mention many of the most 
serious objections to the proposed 
Ogden project. 

Among them: the plant will be 
located in a densely populated 
areas, with three hospitals, a uni-
versity, a state nature reserve 
(Torrey Pines State Park), and 
almost a quarter of a million peo-
ple within about four miles radius. 

Further, the "tests"that have so 
far been conducted included only 
15 of the more than 600 toxins 
that Ogden has proposed to burn 
there. Among these toxins are 
lead, mercury, and other heavy 
metals, which being elements) 
cannot be decomposed at any 
temperature of incineration. 

Also, as any chemist will freely 
admit, no one knows for certain 
what happens when 600 or more 
different chemicals are indiscrim-
inately mixed together and 
burned . Secondary chemical 
reactions can and do occur, and 
chemicals can recombine in ways 
no one can predict. 

Further, there exist no stan-
dards for "safe" and "unsafe" lev-
els of most toxins. Even if dan-
gerous concentrations of pollu-
tants were being emitted, there is 
no established legal level for emis-
sions of such things as dioxins at 
which the plant would have to be 
shut down. This is partly because 
scientists have been unable to 
establish level of "zero activity" 
for poisons like dioxins - they've 
been found dangerous even at the 

• 

minutest levels they've ever been 
tested at. 

Emissions will also not be con-
tinuously monitored . The com-
pany is not even required to mon-
itor during peak burning periods. 
In fact, it could even collect sam-
ples just as the facility was being 
shut down. The fact that only the 
company itself will be doing the 

The criterion used in choosing 
this site for such a project was 
clearly not concern for public 
health. It was economic expedi-
ency. Obviously, it was much 
cheaper for the firm to make 
minor modifications to an old 
incinerator here, than build a 
whole new one in a place of min-
imal population and environmen-
tal sensitivity. Its priorities were 

• Free Pregnanc)' lesting 
• Earl), Pregnanc), Testing 
• Pregnant:)· Termination 
• ('eneral or l ocal Anesthesia 
• Afrordahk' Bi rth Cont rol 
• lliagnosis & Treatment 

or Sexuall\ 
Transmitted llisl'a,l', (STlh) 

Call tht' College Line 
619'S35'1379 

for SlUdrlll nisco"", 

Family Planlling Associates 
Medical Group 

• Ofn .... Th roURhoUI Soulhtrn Califo rnia 

dollars, not people. 

Guy Berliner 

(Editor's nOle: The lesting at 
Ogden must be conducted within 
various oversight regulations, 
including Ihose of the Air Pollu-
tion Control Districl. Ogden'sfirst 
burn will be Jan_ 30.) 

Wednesday, January 4. 1989 7 

Read It 
Recycle It 

I 
I 
I 
• I 

GEfONE Buy any 'egufo' 6- I sandWich and receive a second 6" sandwich I oj equal or fesser value I 
Jar oary 6~ . Not 

BUYONE69C 
FOR valid with any other offer, Expires 2(4(89 I 

L % c..C!i&I. -1~1JtIJI.tOt 950 Fiflh AVe8ue I I 6188 Mir ..... r Rei • behind Carf 's Jr. 
• 549-6969 I Open 24 Hours tl'J~JW. ~:~~£~¥!!i:~t : 
~------------------~ 

RENT FURNITURE FAST! 
:~~BEST 

in value -low prices! 

SPECIAL SNEAK 
PREVIEW! 

3 

• Dinette Sets ..... . . . . . . . .. from $9 mo. 
• Sofa & Chair ..... " . .. . . . from $16 mo. 
• Sofa Sleeper , . . . . . . . . . . .. from $25 mo. 
• Bedroom Sets ....... _ ... . from $15 mo. 
• Refrigerators .. .... . . .. _ . _ from $20 mo. 
• 19" Color N . .. _ .. ... , . .. from $25 mo. 

Twin bed. chest 
desk, bookcase. 
choir or nightstand 
Any four pieces 

ROOMS FURNISHED 
14 PIECES 

NO DEPOSIT 
NO HASSLE 

$25 mo. 
(4 mo. minimum) 

Furniture 
Appliances 

Microw:~ Ovens $ 29 
Desks '~~iiiiiii_-"':~~~~J JAN.-JUNE '89 Lamps ~ 

Bookcases and more 
Ready for pickup nearby Larger slz .. available 

• • UCII W+l ~ 
I 

I .. 

J 

~ 
.. 

~ • 
1414 UNlvusm 

AENT"A-NaAN 
FURNITURE 

7464 UNIVERSITY 
LAMESA 

CALL 
582·5600 

starring 
KEVIN KLINE 

January 9, Monday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free passes available on Monday, Jan. 9, 
12noon at UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

-admission by pass only!-
..... ___ PRESENTED BY UNIVERSITY EVENTS &. STUDENT ACTIVITIES __ ~ 



8 Wetillesdul' , JUIJI/ofl' 4. 1989 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Regents Establish Rohr Chair, Honor Scientist classrooms and o f fices of Scripp' Marine Biology Re earch Divi· 
sion. 

By REBE K A H YOUNG 
Contributing Writer 

At a recent meeting, the UC 
Board of Regents established an 
endowed chair in UC D's Grad-
uate School of 1 nternational Re-
lations and Pacific Studies 
(I R / PS). The Board also honored 
the memory of ichthyologist Carl 
L. Hubbs by naming a Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography (SIO) 
building after him. 

met. This endowed chair, the 31 st 
for UC D. will be made pos ible 
b a $250,000 gift from Rohr 
I ndustries Inc. 

I R PS is the fir t professional 
school of global affairs in the ni-
ted State to focus on Pacific 
nations. Its purpose is to train 
professional in international re-
lations and prepare t hem to deal 
with the expanding Pacific Re-
gion. 

the best teaching for students and 
top quality experts on research 
and policy making." 

Gourevitch subsequentl ex-
plained that an endowed chair 
such as this is an honorary aca· 
demic po ition. recogni7ing a per-
son's scholarly achievements. 

Rim communities closer together 
for the economic and general 
social benefit of all its members," 
he added. 

A lso approved at t he meeting 
was the decision to change the 
name of the M ari ne Biology 
Building at Scripps to Carl L. 
Hubbs Hall. 

Hubbs joined the staff of SIO 
in 1944. Formany years, he served 
as a trustee of the San Diego Nat-
ural H istory M useum and the 
San Diego, Zoological Society . 

Rohr's pre ident, H arry W. 

Hubbs was also instrumental in 
the foundi ng of the San Diego 
Wild A nimal park. He was a 
charter member of Sea World 's 
board of directors and a founder 
of Sea W orld 's research institute, 
which al 0 bears h is name. 

As a result of the Board's deci-
ions, UCSD's reque t to estab-

lish the Rohr Chair in Pacific 
I nternational Relations will be 

According to Peter A . Goure-
vitch. dean of the graduate school, 
the endowment will help IR / P 
increase its abil ity " to attract the 
very best faculty, helping provide 

Todd, sa id, " Rohr Indust ries . .. is 
aware of the increasing role of 
Southern California in t he Pacific 
Rim. 

"We believe it is important to 
support major educat iona l pro· 
grams such as UCSD's new grad-
uate school to bring the Pacific 

Hubbs, who died in 1979, was 
regarded as the foremost figure of 
his t ime in ichthyology (tht: study 
of fish) and played an impon ant 
role in the advancement of marine 
biology at Scripps Institution. 

T he four-story, 39,000 square 
foot facility houses laboratories, 

Hubbs was an animal conser· 
vationist and was one of the first 
advocates of protect ing t~e gray 
whale and their breeding lagoons. 

The home of the 
49¢ hal11burger. 

! ! f'0 UC'lJOIlI1I~m 
...... &{fOli. 

"," O~OI . • 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
1..L.~11!1111~-----------------------ALL AMERICAN MEAL ._- ~ 
I I 
I I 

Quarter Pounder · with Cheese, Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh value: II 1/20 of 1 cent 

I I Limit one coupon per I I customer. per visit . Please 
present coupon when II ordering. Not valid with I I any other offer. 

~_ '::::d;~;~89 
~ ____ iii_i_ 

II 
'L.~91Jr.wf ' Just $1 99 11 

(plus tax) II 
7140 :'r~':" Rd.@11 

San Diego 
1237 "'~ "N\ ... 

La Jolla I-++. 

-----------

See SCIENTIST, page 9 

Introduction to Splines for Use in Computer Graphics and 
Geometric Modeling by Bartels, Beatty and Barsky, 
Hermetic and Cubic Spline Interpolation. Uniform Cubic 
B -Spl ines • General B-Splines • Bezier Curves. Knot 
Insert ion. Oslo algorithms. 

Turbo C Programming for the PC, revised edition, by Lafore. 
Version 2.0 • Loops. Decisions. Functions. Structures 
• ROM -BIOS. Turbo C Graphic Functions. Files. Debugger. 

San Diego's COMPUTER BOOK OUTLET 
5945 Pacific Ctr. Blvd. #501 San Diego, CA 92121 . (619)546-0264 

the latest books on programming language -..... 
such as pascal, c, assembler, basic, dos, ~ I • unix, os / 2, hardware references, ~ i ~ .......... ..... communications, graphics, database, word ~ processing, spreadsheets, f inancial and other a business topics for the PC, Mac, Apple, 

Atari, Amiga, VAX and other workstations. • 
.. """'_Dr. ..._ ... 

STUDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES 

SCHOLARSHIPS 
• ARIZONA HONORS ACADEMY 
The Arizona Honors Academy hosts 30 outstanding undergraduate Fellows 
from throughout the United States for a 3-week summer institute to diSCUSS 
national security policy wllh nationally and internationally known figures 
ThiS fellowship Will absorb all student costs except tUItion and travel to and 
Irom the Academy 
ELIGIBILITY: 
• Completed 41 quarter units of undergraduate work prior to the 1989 

seminar 
• 35 Minimum GPA 
• Diverse academiC and cultural backgrounds 
Arizona Honors Academy applications are available In the Warren / Fifth 
Student Financial SerVices Office. MAAC 214. THE DEADLINE TO APPLY 
IS TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, t989 

• CALIFORNIA JAPANESE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION 
The California Japanese Alumni ASSOCiation announces twelve schol -
arships of $1000 to $2000 to be awatded to continuing or returning 
undergraduate or graduate students. ReCIpients must be Americans of 
Japanese ancestry and altendlng one of the campuses of the UniverSity of 
California In the fields of business, law, engineering, archi tecture. 
agriculture. and related studies. 
The California Japanese Alumni ASSOCiation applications are available In 
the Warren / Fifth Student FinanCial Services Office, MAAC 214. THE 
DEADLINE TO APPLY IS FRIDAY MARCH 17. 1989 

• ELLICE ·T. JOHNSTON SCHOLARSHIP 
The Ellice T Johnston Scholarship. under the sponsorship of Clayfolk Inc . 
IS to be awarded to a student who has spent two years or more In an art 
program and shows exceptional Interest In the field 01 ce ramiCS. 
ELIGIBILITY: 
• Two years of college or eqUivalent level 01 art education 
• The applicant must be a reSident 01 or a student In Oregon or Northern 

California 
• FinanCial need IS a conSideration but Will not restrict the selection olthe 

apptlcant 
• The applicant Will be selected on the baSIS 01 hiS or her portfolio personal 

statement, recommendallons by Instructors or profeSSionals In ceramic 
studies. as well as thel( academiC grades. a sta tement ot purpose or 
Intent and prOlected budget 

• Clayfolk members as sponsors of thiS scholarship are not eligible to apply 

Ellice T. Johnston schotarship applications are available in the Warren/Fifth 
Student Financial Services Office, MAAC 214. THE DEADLI NE TO APPLY 
IS MONDAY, JANUAR Y 30. 1989. 

• THE TIME COLLEGE ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS 
The TIME College Achievement Awards were established to recognize Ihe 
accomplishments of the nation's most outstanding college juniors who 
have dlsllngulshed Ihemselves by their academiC excellence and achieve-
ment outside of the classroom. Twenty winners will be selec ted and each 
Will receive: 
• $3,000 in achievement awards money. 
• An Invltallon to the awards dinner In New York. 
• An all·expense-pa ld triP to New York City to attend the awards donner. 
• A day wllh the editorial stall of TI ME. 
• Press releases and photographs distributed to the winners' schools and 

hometown newspapers. 
ELIGIBiLiTY: 
• Junior level 
• Enrolled full · time 
The TIME College Achievement Awards applica tions are available In the 
Warren / Filth Student Financial Services Off ice. MAAC 214 THE DEAD -
LINE TO APPLY IS WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY I , 1989. 

• VETERANS' MEMORIAL SCHOLARSHIP FUND 
The Coors Veterans ' MemOrial Scholarship Fund was established by 
Adolph Coors Company to prOVide college finanCial aid 10 the sons and 
daughters of American veterans A minimum 01 100 scholarships totaling 
$500,000 Will be awarded to eligible students across the country 
ELIGIBILI TY: 
• 22 years old or younger as olthe March t 5. t 989 applica tion deadline 
• 30 minimum cumulative GPA 
• Have completed a minimum 01 one semester or two Irlmesters 01 credit 

hours. bul not yet acqUired senior credit hours 
• Enrolled lull ' lIme 
• Be a son or daughter ot one ollhe follOWing groups 

• Honorably discharged American veterans. 
• Active Duty. Guard or R'3serve mili tary personnel (Iederallzed Or with 

a minimum 6 years of S0'V,C ). 
• Amellcan military personnel killed In action. (Tllssong In action 0 1 who 

have died In the line 01 dUly 
Veterans MemOrial Schola rship Fund appllcallons are available III Ihe 
Warren / rlfth Student F,roanc,al Services Office. MAAC 214 THE DCAD 
LINE TO APPLY IS WEDNESDAY MARCH 15. 1989 

The UCS D Guardian 

Discovery: 
Skin Patch 
Helps Curb 
Smoking 
Continued from plge ) 
not received clonidine demon-
strated a 430 percent increase in 
cravi ng, a 380 percent increase in 
irri tabi lity, a 370 percen t increase 
in a nxiety, and a 330 percent 
increase in restlessness over the 
treated group during a th ree day 
tes ting period. The drug had no 
effect on impairment in concen-
tration orhunger, the test showed . 

In a prev i ous tudy, other 
researchers found that cl onid ine, 
when given orally, decreased 
smoking withdrawal symptoms 
and improved the subj ect 's 
chances of kicking the habit . 

While clonidine should not be 
considered a cure for tobacco 
dependence, Ornish said , the skin 
patch may be useful in a com-
prehensive sm oking ces at ion 
program to " detoxify" a person 
so as to reduce the initial discom-
for t of withdrawal and improve 
the lo ng-term success r ate. 

Ornish has since left UCSD 
and opened a smoking cli nic based 
on his transdermal clon idine re-
search. 

SCIENTIST: 
HubbsHaiIed 
A s 'Pioneer' 
In Ecology 
Continued from page 8 

Scr ipps Institution director, 
Edward A. Frieman, said that 
"the naming o f the Marine Biol-
ogy Building as Carl L. Hubbs 
HaU is an appropriate recognition 
of the stature, scholarship contri-
butions, and importance of Dr . 
Hubbs' long tenure at Scripps." 

" ... Hubbs made a tremendous 
contribution to the growth ofich-
thyology in this country, " he 
added. " He was a pioneer in the 
conservation and protection of 
wildlife long before ecology re-
ceived public attention." 

WELCOME BACK! 

Travel Fares 
for 

STUDENTS 
• BAY AREA ... ... , . $58 
• HAWAII ......... $299 
• LONDON , . ..... $436 

Based on tound trip lore 
Book "'0'" - Seat! Limited! 
Your Student 
Trovel Center 

ucs~ <'tlJ An C f)ntor 

452-0630 

....~- .. 
'Mi ..... IIIADI 
U2 • 1111 a.I .... 
DIPICIII MODI 
101 MIlHAM • Jl1'C 
O •• GO MMNGO 

_. _ ............ 

NEWS 

~ ~ .. 
................... 

.. ........ ............... .. 

.... .. ... 

...... .. 

Wednesdul , Jalluun' 4, /989 9 

"SWEAT WITH THE BEST" 

HIGH ENERGY AEROBIC WORKOUTS 
• Several classes daily • No contracts 
• Certilied instructors • Pay per workout or per month 
• High & low impact classes • Babysitting Civailable 
• Floating suspended wood floor • Full locker room facilities 
• Fitness and nutrition counseling. Exercise physiologist on staff 

OPEN TO THE PUBLIC - FIRST VISIT FREE 
M. Larry Lawrence Jewish Community Center 

41 26 Executive Dr. 
(Located between 1-5 & '-805 North of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

For class schedule and prices call 457 -3030 
(For further dela ils contac t Ken Rosentha l, Aerobics Di rector) 



• ,. , ; . I ., • I,'i I, .. __ - • I,. . :..~'- '...tl • • 

10 Welinesday. January 4. /989 

NCR SALUfES: 
THE WINNERS OF THE STAKEHOLDER 
ESSAY COMPEI'I'I'ION 

"Progressive companies have begun 
to think beyond the traditional 
relationship of the firm to society 
and have begun to manage all of 
the relationships upon which they 
dependfor survival. Firms that 
don't follow suit may regret their 
short-sightedness :' 

Murray B. Low, Winner 
NCR Stakeholder Essay 
Competition 

Some of lOday's most important ideas am 
held in trust by the leaders of tomorrow. 
More than 2,500 such leaders, college 
students from all over the country, recently 
competed in an NCR-sponsored essay 
competition. The lOpic: «Creating Value 
For Stakeholders In Corporations 
And/Or Not-Far-Profit Organizations." 
At stake: $300,000 in mvards. And at 
even greater stake: a chance lO affect the 
way the world does business. 
NCR is proud lO salute the first prize 
winner, Murray B. Low of The Wharton 
School, The University of Pennsylvania; 
and the second prize winner, Ron Gilbert 
of The University of I moo. NCR also 
congratulates the 98 national and stale 
award winners, as well as their schools. 
Their names are listed below. 
Our sincere thanks lO all who entered the 
competition. Their ideas promise a bright 
future- for themselves, and for business 
the world over. 

STAKEHOLDER ESSAY COMPETITION WINNERS 
First Place Ptler Donati Etienne Weiss Ozonk 
Murray B. Low Cornell University/Oxford Earlham Col/'ge 
University of Pennsylvania / GerhaJdt DouJdass Elizabeth l'\u'sons 
Wharton School of Busin,ss University of Miami Northeaslern University 
Second Place TImothy Dunilll! Bradley Pick 

Purdue University/ Krannert Northwest.rn University Ron Gilbert 
Chris DyL_ John D. fuwell . . University of Iowa "" 
Universiry of Florida Louisiana Tech Un,verSJIy 

NATIONAL W,NNERS 
Scot Barrnblat 
UniverSIty of Texas /Austin 
Mark Christel 
Universi ty of Wisconsin 
ScOIl Evans 
Colorado State University 
Kalyananun Gurumurthy 
M assachuJeI/S buritute of 
Technology/Sloan 
Gregory Heyworth 
Columbia University 
Yen-Chi Huang 
Stanford University 
Darnell Hunt 
Georgetown University 
James Mahon, Jr. 
University of 
California Iberkeley 
Amy Montgomery 
University of Michigan 
STATE W,NNERS 
Kathryn Adam 
University of Minnesota 
Sumy Ahn 
Northwestern University 
Ajay Ahuja 
University of Idaho /Moscow 
Bruce Alexander 
Middlebury Col/ege 
Robert Asseln 
Yale University 
Steve Atkins 
Untversity of Alaska 
Thomas Austin 
UniversilY of Wisconsin /Stoul 
Jack Ballentine 
University of Georgia 
John Banko 
UniverSllY of Florida 
Fred Bentsen 
R ice Untversity 
Michael Blach 
California Polytechnic 
S,ate /San Lliis Obispo 
Susan Bodenbeim 
Miami University 
George Bohan 
Case Wesrern Reserve University 
Mark Caligaris 
University of 
Pennsylvania /Wharton 
Marinilka Barros Carrero 
Inltramerican University 
Nikki ChonB 
UnwmiryoJ 
Pennsylvania/ Wharton 
Suzanne Chung 
Northwestern University 
Robin Qair 
Kent Stat. University 
William Cowie 
University of California / IrVine 
Christopher Cunningham 
Kansas Stalt University 
Howard Dewes 
Trinity Bibl, Coll'ge 

Vanita D'Silva Bruce Rebban 
Virginia Polytechnic Institute University of 

G~ Ellis California / Ber/leley 
Universiry of Michigan Richard Reid 
Brant Enderle Harding UniversilY 
Ohio State University David Roeder 
Judith FmestODe Mississippi Stale University 
Dreul University Gordon Sergent 
Duane furd University of Kansas 
EaJt Texas Slale ~ter K. SchalestOck 
Bruce Friedman Cornell Univenity 
Harf}Qrd BUJiness School Justus Schlichtina 
Eran Garmer Claremont Gradualt School 
COTnell University Kimberly Schwanz 
Marc ~idinger College of St. Benedict 
University of Maryland John Schwerin 
William Hammer Christian Brolhers College 
Northwestern University ScOIl Shafer 
Philip Hutcheson University of Cincinnati 
DafJ,d LipJcomb College Brian Shaffer 
Thomas Irwin University of 
Hawaii Pacific College California / Berluley 
John Jacobs Angela SizemoR 
North Carolina S tale University of Soulh Caroiina 
Scott Johnston Julia Snell 
Brown University Auburn U niversiry 

Michael SoIka Stephanie jonIan .r 
Appalachian State UniverJity Universily 0, 

Pennsylvania/Wharton 
Andrew Scott Keating Lisa Stamm 
Darrmoulh College Northern Kenlucky University 
Sonya Kelly Mi had St U n,versity of Nebraska c rong M onttrey I,utitute of 
Charlotte Klaus In/emational Sludies 
Universiry of Denver Ashu Suri 
Gail Koren Princetoll University Kent Stale University 

Brent Taliaferro 
Michael Kuhn Oklahoma S tate University 
Washington University Dianne Todd 
Lawrence Kuper5 Northwestern University 
U.CLA. Jay Tompt 
David Lambert Monterey Insritute of 
Un;""'rsity of Florida International Studies 
James LaPrath Hilary Turner 
Montana State University University of 
Sigoe Larkin Washington /Seallie 
Norlh"n Arizona University Cun ~r 
Leonard T. Lee Purdue UmverJity 
Cornell University Joji Watanabe 
Mark LolStrom UniversilY of Virginia 
Columbia Ulliversity Gary Wi8llin 
Gary MacDonald Georgia Slale University 
Universiry of Michigan Robert Williams 
Charles Marquette, Jr. Harvard Businm School 
Louisiana Stare Ulliversity Linda Gail Williamson 
Douglas MeMahon Carllegie·Mel/on University 
Ulliversiry of Virginia Stewart Wilson 
Russell Meier Brigham Young University 
Rice U niversity .. :1._ Wi d 1 

.. UN;; In ey, r. 
Susan Ann Milne University of outll Carolina 
Willametle University Gar)' Winger 
Brian Minney Un,versity of Utall 
University of Maryland Barry Wolverton 
Ernest Nduk~ Millsaps College 
Michigan Stare University 
Matthew O'Nuska, 1II 
University of New Mexico 

NCR's Mission: Create Value for Our Stakeholders 

The UCS D Guardian NEWS Wednesday. January 4. 1989 II 
II _ 100 to • 70 10 

R WINTER 1988-89 DEC.'B8, JAN., FEB.'89) 

TEMPERATURE 
110 

WEATHER: 
Forecast 
Ventured 

Continued from pale 1 
He explained that the trend for 
storms in that area last fall will be 
encouraged through the winter by 
oceanic conditions in the north 
Pacific and West Coast. 

According to Cayan, the re-
searchers anticipate that atmos-
pheric patterns will stimulate 
active cyclones in the eastern 
North Pacific, creating frontal 
systems that will penetrate the 
West Coast to create ample pre-
cipitation. Cold air behind these 
fronts should keep temperatures 
'below normal in the west while 
brief outbreaks of Canadian cold 
air are expected in the east. 

"During this winter, frequent 
troughs in the upper win~ jet 
stream are expected over the inter-
ior northwest, which should allow 
cold air to dip into the west," 
Cayan said. "Farther east, the 
path of the west-to-east winds is 
expected to inhibit cold , long-
lasting air masses from penetrat-
ing far southward." 

The forecasters also expect 
heavier-t han-normal precipitation 
over most of the country. 

"This pattern of precipitation 
marks a major change from the 
drought pattern that plagued most 
of the nation last summer and the 
dry conditions that gripped the 
west during the past two winters," 
Namias commented. WHeavy rains 
are expected in the West Coast 
states . 

EPILEPSY 
Continued from pale 1 
ter understanding of the nature of 
epileptic activity, which may ul-
timately promote the development 
of better therapies for the disorder. 

Co-authors of the PNASpaper 
with Buzsaki and Gage are G. 
Ponomareff, F. Bayardo, and T. 
Shaw, undergraduate students at 
UCSD when the research was 
conducted. 

NEWS MEETING 
MONDAY NIGHT 
All new writers, old and 
new, should meet at the 
Guardian at 6:30 p.m. We 
will be discussing upcoming 
events and competitions. 

'00 .0 

The Comic ~11ery 
4224 Balboa Ave. 

Son DIego. CA 92117 
come< ct Balboa a Cloitemont Dr. 

Next to Food Basket 
(619) .awa53 
675·8 N. BroadWay 

Escondido. CA 92025 
Counl!y Comer ShOpping Ctr. 

at Broadway 8< Washington 
(619) 745-5660 

UCSD Chamber Music Series 
presents 

~ 
::l 
E 
0 
u 

:3 
~ 
] 
l: 
.... 

~ 
.g 

~ 
.. 

~ 
OJ 

:;c: 

THE 

LA JOLLA'S 
Most Progressive 
Workout Facility 
• Aerobics • Yoga 
• Free Weights • Circuit Training 
• Hoist Machines • Jazz Dance 

January Student SRecigls 
7777 Fay Ave . La Jolla 

456-2595 

THIRD COLIEGf 
TOWN ItIffTING 

Jan. 10 - Oceanview Lounge 
Free Refreshments • Rame for 

gift certificates to all who attend 

TOPICS Of DISCUSSION 
1. Third Curriculum 
2. Third College Philosophy 
.3. Planning ofThird College 20th Anniversary 
4. Open Discussion 

• fOR TlflRD COLLEGE STUDENTS· 
Talk to the Dean. Provost and Chair of 

Third College faculty on issues concerning 
the future of your college 

...... LYE.IISOiV 
STRING QUARTET 

PhenomenaL.an abundance of spirit." San Diego Union 
Prokofiev: Quartet No.1 in B minor, Op. 5 (1930) 
Mozart: Quartet in E flat Major, K.428 
Bartok: Quartet No.3 (1927) 
Beethoven: Quartet in F minor, Opus 95 "Serioso" 

January 21, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. 518.00, UCSD St. $9.00 

7'JCX.,~ .:.:==.=~~~ .. 
,_, .. '._ ...... ,1 • • 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 
Presented by UCSD Unversity Events ok Student Activities 

• 

· 

I 
1 
• 

I 

• 

.... . 



12 H ('dnl!.~dal . Januart 4. /989 

______ F __ E_~lP~R_E __ S ____ __ 
Housing Discrimination 
Goes Underground 

People having trouble fi nding a 
uita ble place to live may need to 

forget about looking up a real 
estate agent and call their lawyer. 

It is now illegal to d iscriminate 
in the sale or rentals of all hous-
ing. State and federal laws pro-
hibit di crimination based on race, 
color, religon. nat ional origin, 
ancestrv, sex, marital status, age, 

exual orientat ion, or disabil ity, 
according to Commuter Students 
• ervices . 

Discrimi nation in housing is 
increasingly subtle and, therefore, 
difficult to detect , so it often goes 
unreported . 

Some of the signs of d iscrimi-
nation given by Commuter tu-
dent Services are: 

• Although the ign ay va-
ca ncy. the manager ays the 
apartment was j ust rented; 

r • The ma~ager takes your appli-
-cation with the understanding that 

you will be called after references 
a re checked, but you a re never 
called: 

• The slOr) you are told In per-
son does not match the Info rma-
tion given on the pho ne: 

• You a re offered term or con-
dition of sale or rent t hat are dif-
ferent from those avai lable to 
others; 

• You are geographically limited 
in the housing choices offered in a 
manner which reinforces segre-
gated housing patterns. 

The Commuter Students Ser-
vices offi ce would like help in 
fi nd ing out about the problems 
students face house hunting in 
San Diego. The followi ng survey 
can be returned to their office in 
Student Center Bu ilding B or 
mailed to: CSS, B-009, La J olla, 
CA 92093. 

I . Do you believe you have been 
discriminated against a nd il-
legally denied housing in the 
last five years? (circle) 
Yes No 

2. How long ago d id th is occur? 
In the last three months 
last yea r longer 

3. Were you buying or renting? 
4. Do you believe you we re di -

criminated against because 
you: 
Are Black, Asian, Hispanic ' 
Chicano, Native American? 
(circle one) 

ee HO S ING, page 14 

By Leigh Rubin 

Model prisoners. 

--------------------I 2 OFF Any small. I I 50/0 m edium or large I 
I 14 frozen yogurt I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

Hours: "1 
l' 

,,,".10. 
--

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

c 0 -M' ~TE'«-' J1> pe~C~ PT. 0 IV • 

Researchers Work Toward 
CODlputerized Brain 

Philosopher and Scientist Put Heads Together 
By JONAT HAN HEALY 
taff Writer 

When we see a ball, how do 
we know that it i round? 

The answer to this q uestion 
is less obvious than it may 
appea r. "Our visual system fi rst 
perceives a ba ll as a two-d imen-
sional projection onto our ret-
ina, like a picture on a Screen," 
said UCSD neuroscientist Ter-
rence J . Sejnowski . "Somehow 
we are able to perceive the 
shape of the object in not two 

but three dimens ions . . . how 
does our visual system recon-
struct the third d imension?" he 
queried . 

Understanding Ourselves 
Sej nowski is collaborat ing 

wit h UCS D philosopher Patri-
cia S. Churchland to carry out 
research o n the mi nd-brain 
which , they wrote in the Nov. 4 
issue of Science, "could lead to 
major advances in our under-
sta nding of our e lves." 

According to Sej nowski and 
Churchland , an a nswer to the 
ques t ion of how we see in three 

dimensions will require know-
ledge, not only of the cognitive 
processes carried out by the 
brain, but of t he physical and 
chemical mechan i m used to 
carry out these processes. 

Psychological Aspects 
Tradi ti onally, t he brain has 

bee n stud ied on severa l levels. 
While the cognitive processes 
carried out by the brain have 
been the domain of psycholo-
gi ts, physiological aspects of 
the b rai n itself have been exam-
ined by biologists. 

See VISION, page 13 

San Diego Locals Support 
Peace Corps Program 
By BRIAN BLACK 
Contributing Writer 

"C orne back and educate 
us," were the words of 
John F. Kennedy when 

he fo unded the Peace Corps in 
196 1. In the past 20 years. 120,000 
Americans have served in 94 
cou ntries. 

The Peace Corps is an organi-
zation funded by Congress which 
places American citizens in de-
Veloping countries to help admin-
ister projects such as teaching and 
fa rming assistance. According to 
C hama Lefton , Peace Corps 
Publ ic Affairs Manager, the 
organizat ion wa s founded to: 
"promote world peace and friend-
ship, assist developing countries, 
and promote a mutual under-

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
h CO)), ( 'nter 

45 -37 5 
8855 

standing between the U.S. and 
other countries." 

Bill Donovan , a UCSD gradu-
ate , is currently applying to serve 
in the Peace Corps. Donovan, 
who has been "thinking about 
[the Peace Corps] for the past two 
years," is attracted to the Peace 
Corps because of "the personal 
enrichment of learning about a 
new culture and its customs and 
to make a contribution to society." 

The requirements of a Peace 
Corps volunteer are that he or she 
must be a U.S. citizen, at least 18 
years old, and have a four-year 
college degree or three to five 
years technical or trade experi-
ence. 

Applicants for the Peace Corps 
are interviewed and judged by 
their "motivation, flexibility, and 

r\;5~llrcefulness ," said Bill Maibe, 

HA IRCUTS 
by Christina and Cllari 

WOMEN $14 
(reg. $25) 
MEN $]2 
(reg. $19) 

a recruiter for Southern Califor-
nia. "One of fi ve applicants are 
accepted ," Donovan added. 

"The most asked question about 
the Peace Corps, " Maibe said, "is 
' Do I get to choose where I 
serveT " Applicants may request 
countries and to list any countries 
that are unde ira ble, but "people 
a re ent to he re where they are 
most needed," Lefton said . 

All applications that are ac-
cepted must go through a 12-
week intensive training program 
that is administered in the coun-
try where the volunteer is to serve. 
The program emphasizes three 
things. The first part is learning 
the language. "In most cases, 
volunteers live with a host family 
while learninr, the language," 

See FRATERNITY, page 13 

Thf' UCSD Guardian 

Vision 
Continued from page 12 

To understand the difference 
between these two levels of re-
search, a rough compa rison may 
be made with computer science. 
wh e re sc ie nti s ts di stingu is h 
betw ee n th e computer itself 
(hardware), and the programs 
which are run on the computer 
(software). The brain itself may 
be compared with the computer 
hardware, while the cognitive 
processes are written into the 
software. 

There has been little successful 
collaboration between researchers 
on different levels , and it has been 
widely believed that progress at 
one level could proceed inde-
pendent of progress at other levels. 

Fruitful Convergence 
"In the past," Churchland and 

Sejnowski wrote, "discoveries at 
the neuronal level and explana-
tions at the cognitive level were so 
distant that each seemed of merely 
academic significance to the 
other. " 

"However," they continued , 
~there is now a gathering convic-

biology will be reduced to becom-
ing a subset of the other. Instead, 
according to Churchland , "the 
two [discipl ines] are inte rd e-
pendent. " 

" You can 't possibly figure out 
the story of cognition, perception, 
and language using o nly (physio-
logical) meth ods," they added. At 
the same t ime , psychological stu-

Improvements in 
computer technology 
have created possi-
bilities to construct 
models which mimic 
ner...ve c.ells in the 
brain. 

dies are essential because "with-
out psychology . . . we don't know 
the capacities that we are trying to 
explain. " 

"It is a coevolutionary strategy 
. . . research at one level provides 
constraints, corrections, and inspi-
ration for research at other lev-
els," they explained. 

FEATURES 
Appropriate Approach 
There are a number of reasons 

that such an approach may be 
appropriate, according to C hurch-
land and Sejnowski . Above all. it 
is consistent with obse rvations 
regard ing the complexity of the 
nervous system. While it may be 
possi ble to separa te a computer 
from its software and understand 
one without the other, the brain 
does not appear to be so simple. 

"Nervous systems have many 
levels of organ ization between the 
molecule and systems levels, each 
with its own important function 
. . . [implying] that there are many 
levels of implementation and that 
each has its companion task des-
cription," Sejnowski and Church-
land -noted. 

Improvements in computer 
technology and computationa l 
methods have created possibil i-
ties to develop and test hypo-
theses by constructing computer 
models which mimic the networks 
of nerve cells in the brain. 

Computer Model 
Working with his associates, 

Sejnowski has produced one such 
computer model , which attempts 
to mimic the visual system by 

Wedllesday . January 4. 1989 13 

• Position Open. 

Contributing 
Features Editor 

Call Julie Munro at the Guardian. .. 

534-6580 

generating a network which will 
be able to distinguish a three-
dimensional object from a shaded 
two-dimensional image. 

T o do this, the model uses 
"queues from shading, or the 
pattern of light and dark on the 
surface of an object," Sej nowski 
said . ~We want to find out what 
connections are needed to accom-
plish these tasks," he added. 

The network is improved each 
year as researchers gain more 
data. 

See BRAIN, pace 15 

....::. 

ERRATA 
We would like to clarify 

the Interfait h Interface forum 
story (Guardian, Dec. I) . 
According to t he Moslem 
traditio n, Mohammed re-
ceived the Koran a s a revela-
t ion from God through the 
angel Gabriel. Mohammed 
did not write the Koran, itS 
the story suggested . The 
Guardian regret s any 
misunderstanding. 

. 

tion among scientists that the , ____ _______________________________________________ _ 
time is right for a fruitful conver-
gence of research from hitherto 
isolated fields ." 

A new approach does not imply 
that either psychology or neuro-

Fraternity 
Continued from page 12 
Maibe said. 

The second part of the training 
program focuses on understand- . 
ing "the cultural idiosyncracies 
and how to be culturally sensitive. 
The third part of the training pro-
gram is technical training. 

The countries to which the 
Peace Corp sends voluntee rs, 
according to Lefton, are countries 
that invite the Peace Corps to 
help them with specific needs. 
"We are not there to make them a 
Western country," she said. 

Although the Peace Corps is 
funded by the U.S. government, 
Donovan said, volunteers are "free 
to express their own political 
view." to his knowledge. 

Jean McGinnis, a San Diego 
resident who served in Tunisia 
from 1985 to 1988, returned a few 
months ago in a wheelchair after 
suffering a broken foot and 
spending her last month of service 
in a hospital. She is currently 
awaiting her next Peace Corps 
assignment. 

McGinnis' assignment in Tuni-
sia was to teach physical therapy 
exercises to the handicapped. "I 
definitely saw my impact," she 
said. She helped one fatherless 
three year-old girl with polio, 
whose mother had four other 
children. "By the end of the year, 
she had a brace and could walk 
with crutches," she explained. 

Majory Clyne, and advertising 
accountant executive at Pacific 
Bell, served in Western Samoa in 
the early 70s. "When something 
is assumed of you, you have to 
live up to that .. . when I returned, 
I didn't know what I wanted to do 
with my life, but I knew I could do 
it," she said. 

The Peace Corps pays for the 
transportation, food , and board 
of it volunteers during their ser-
vice and provides a small allo-
wance, Lefton aid . They also 
hold $200 a month and give it 
back to volunteers in a lump urn 
of $4,800 after the two years of 
service , "to help people get back 
on their feet a8ain ," she said . 

~~~~~~~~~=_~~~~~~_-~ __ == -:_ ~~~:_~=_-~ _-=~=-_ ~ __ 0= 

- -- - - ----"--- =- =- ~ -

UCSD STUDENTS: 
COLONY CLEANERS in the 

Vons Shopping Center wants and 
appreciates your business. 

r - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -I 

: BY PRESENTING YOUR STUDENT 1.0.,: 
: WE WILL GIVE YOU 15% OFF ANY : 
: DRY CLEANING· ORDER WITH 5 : 
: ITEMS AND 20% OFF ANY ORDER: 
: WITH 6 OR MORE ITEMS. : 

~--------------------------j 
This offer is valid 0" dry c/ea"i"K only. Disco"nt 

does no/ apply to /a " "dry items. Good "ntil May 31 . 1989. 

BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR OTHER 
UPCOMING STUDENT BARGAINS! 

COLONY CLEANERS. lA Jolla Colo"y .45~O 7 7 

NUCLEAR FISSION 
AND .FUSION ENERGY 

SPRING QUA~TER, 1989 
AMES 119C: ENERGY. NUCLEAR 
COURSE CODE: 1008 
INSTRUCTORS: M.T. Simnad and W.B. Thompson 

and Guest Speakers 

TOPICS include: the basic physics of fission 
and fusion, principles of nuclear reactor 
designs and reactor engineering, operational 
experience, safety, waste disposal and nuclear 
fuel resources, economics and status of 
nuclear power. Prospects for the inherently 
safe reactor deSigns. Visits to General Atomics 
(research reactor and Doublet fusion facility) 
and to San Onofre nuclear power station. 

Office Location: EU-3205 (534-4903) 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students o n a lternative to the Library Reserve Room . We'll 
turn your loose course materia ls into bound closs readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLf COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIALS 
OVERNIGHT ORDERS ACCEPTED 
FREE PICK UP AND DELNERY 
OPEN WEEKENDS 

Let Us 00 The Chasing While You 00 The Teaching 

kinkolJ' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457-3775·0PEN 24 HOURS 

PH81D SERVICE 
RUN BY THE STUDENTS 

FOR THE STUDENTS 



" 

14 Wednesday , Januar}' 4, 1989 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Housing Survey 
Continued from pale 12 

Have children? 
Yes No 
Are female? 

5. Who discriminated against. you? 
Landl~rd. property m~nager, real estate agent, bank 
or savings and loan, neIghbors? (circle one) 

6. What made you think you were being discriminated 
against? 

help other people in the community who may be 
discriminated against? 
counseling and education about their rights 
Yes No 
legal help 
Yes No 
an organization to represent them 

Yes No 
Were not married to the person you intended to live 
with? 

7. In which part of the town did this occur? Yes No 
someone to investigate complaints 

Yes No 
Were over 65 years of age? 
Yes No 

8. Did you file a complaint? 
Yes No 
If yes, did where did you file the com plaint? 

Are handicapped? 
Yes No And what was the outcome? 
Have a different sexual orientation? 
Yes No How long did it take? 

Yes No 
monitoring companies who have discriminated in 
the past 
Yes No 
Other 

10. H~,,: ser.iou~ a. problem. do you think housing dis-
cnrrunahon IS In San DIego? 

Receive government assistance? 
Yes No 

very serious fairly serious not serious Were you satisfied with the outcome? 
Other? 9. What sort of help do you think is most needed to Name and address (optional): 

*~~~ UCSD ~O~O~ ~V~ § l'-~~VVt' Ca Student 
,. rl's Jr. Special 
------------------------1 WESIERN BACON #282 1 

1 
: CHEESEBURGER : 
: REG. FRIES $299 : 
1 REG. SOFT DRINK . 1 
1 Offer vaUd at: 6788 MIramar Rd. 1 
1 Coupon apfrea Mar. 4. 1989. One offer per coupon. 1 
1 One cou~n per cU~lomer per visit. Not valid with any other 1 1 offer or discount. Pnce does not include tax. ® 
L c Carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc. 1988 Carl's Jr. 1 
-------------------_____ 1 

grove coffe 
WILL BE OPENING ON 

SUNDAYS 
STARTING JANUARY 8TH 

M-TH 
Friday 
Sot. 
Sun. 

HOURS: 
7:45 am to 11:00 pm 
7 :45 am to 5:00 pm 
9:45 am to 5:00 pm 
9:45 am to 5:00 pm 

,--------------------, 

: grove caffe coupon I 
i SUNDAY ONLY i 
I BUY ANY PASTRY OR DRINK AND GET A : 
I SMALL COFFEE OF THE HOUSE FREE! I 
I (With this coupon only) I L ____________________ ~ 

DELTA DELTA DELTA 

HERE'S THE NEWSI 
Delto Delto Delto Sorority Rush 

Week of January 8th 
Rush Registration Jan. 4th-6th on the Plaza or 

in the Pan hellenic Office Jan. 7th and 8th. 

For more information call 558-0652 or 487-8439. 

--

STRANGE BUT TRUE: 

MODERN MEDICAL CHALLENGES 

Dr. Robert livingston - Nationally Known Neuroscientist 

will speak on 

"CHASING THE MIND 
THROUGH THE BRAIN" 

Thursday,january 12, 1989 
Oceanview Lounge 

Third College Campus 
4:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. 

Sponsored by Third College Student Outreach Leaders (SOL) 

The UCS D Guardian FEATURES Wednl'sday, Januar,l 4, 1989 15 

Brain 

"The hope is that 
someday they will be 
as powerful as the 
real brain. " 
- Dr. T. J. Sejnowski 

Churchland was optimistic 
about the possibilities for future 
developments . 

')0.... 
« 

~ 
~ 

" 0 
... 

"" " ., 
L 
~ 

'" 

')... 
~ 
L 
")-. 
~ 

IS GIVING MONEY AWAY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 
special academic or creative project! U.S. 
GRANT$ has $7000 to fund undergraduate 
academic projects this Spring Quarter. For more 
information attend a grant workshop on 
Tuesday, Jan. 9 at 3 pm. The workshop is in the 
Multi-Purpose room, upstairs in the Student 
Center. Questions? Drop in or call 534-391 7. 

Experience the Taste 
of MEXICO 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd. (corner of Herschel) 
EAT .1 OR TAlE OUT 

• Carnitas • Tamales 
• Burritos • Chicken Tacos 
• Carne Asada • ChiJaqui.les 

Open 11 :00 AM to 9 PM EVERYDAY! 

"The science of the brain has 
developed to a point where we 
think that we might really be able 
to understand something funda-
mental about what we are," she 
said, "and that's a first." 

Remember. Deadline Is 3 pm Wednesday, 
January 11, 1989. CaH in your order in advance tor faster $8t'Vice .. 1_ 

Read It 
Recycle It 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC GRANTS 

You don't have to 
live at home, 

to get home delivery. 
With our special 

Home-Away-From-Home 
Delivery for on-campus 
students and faculty, you 
can have The San Diego 
Union, daily and 
Sunday, for only $1.40 

:::::;.-....... 1. __ ...... 

- II . • '-....... l ... 

"-' -. _~~llltvoJI...:=-·.,' 
Gorha 1.- ~"-":-. _ ..... ~QUIJ-. ~.It.:V vows s~ '~ 

. . CUts 

per week. That's just __ 
$15.00 for your entire semester. 

The offer expires February 3,1989, so subscribe now. 
Just call us at 299-4141, or mail in the coupon below. You 
can even stop by one of our booths. We'll be on campus 
during registration, January 4th, 5th, and 6th. 

Then make yourself at home, and we'll bring home 
the news. 

~e jan llicgo Janton 
San Diego's .Local Newspaper 

I-Yes ~n me up for Home-Away-From-Home Delivery -I ' of The San Diego Union. I 
I Name Student 1.0. # Grllcl. OllIe College Addr... I I BIdQ./HII'/ApI./Rm./P.O. Box I I City Stete Zip I 

I ; 0-I ii 
6 
I 
& 
J 

4 ROLLED TACOS 
WITH GUACAMOLE. SOUR CREAM & CHEESE $1 69 

NOW ONLY 

I Vise/Mast..c.rd # he· Date Signat .. e I +----I PJeasesendcouponaJongwith$15.00checkto: I'" Tre Fine Art Store 
L The S~n DiPiP Union Circulation Department, P.O. Box 191, I Ir\ 8843 CLAIRE MONT MESA BLVD .. SAN DIEGO (619) 565-0646 _ S_an_D_le_go,_~A_9_21_12 _ A ITE_N_TIO_N_: S_tu_den_t P_ape_r_s __ ---1 4683 CASS ST , Pl\CIFIC BEACH 16191433-3170 

, 



, , 

\ . 

, " 

16 Wednesday . January 4. 1989 

________ s~~~~y_S ______ __ 
Women's Basketball Owns 7-4 Record 

Tritons Get Sweet Revenge Over Millikin 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Spons Editor 

The UCSD women's basket-
ball team, after an embarrassing 
31 point defeat at the hands of 
Millikin College of Illinois in the 
consolation game of the UCSD 
Tournament Friday night , a-
venged that loss Monday with a 
67-60 victory over Millikin in the 
Triton Pavilion. The victory im-
proves the Tritons' record to 7-4 
on the season. 

Millikin, which hit a great deal 
of its outside shots in Friday 
night's triumph over UCSD, was 
not able to duplicate that feat as 
the Tritons executed a full-court 
pressure defense to shut down its 
outside shooting game. Millikin, 
which falls to 8-6, held a four 
point halftime lead at 32-28, but 
UCSD took the lead with 10 
minutes left in the second half and 

never looked back. 
The Tritons were led in the 

scoring department by Jill Kos-
ter's 15 points, while Beth Koenig, 
Tracy Ragatz, and Nancy Caparaz 
added 13, II and 10 points 
respectively. Millikin's May San-
ders led all scorers with 20 points. 

Before the Tritons lost to Mil-
likin in the consolation game of 
the tournament , they lost their 
first game to Pacific Lutheran 76-
68 but then beat Emmanuel Col-
lege 75-71 to earn the right to play 
in the consolation match of the 
eight team tournament. Pacific 
Lutheran went on to beat Luther 
College in the semifinals 69-50, 
but was demolished by defending 
UCSD Tournament champion SI. 
Ambrose College in the finals by 
an 89-57 count. 

UCSD, who won the tourna-
ment back in 1986 and in succes-

See W. HOOP, page 17 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 
(Phil is currently 8·5) 

AFC Championship 
Favorite 
CINCINNATI 

Spread 
31/2· 

Underdog 
Buffalo 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... The Bills are in the AFC 
Championship game? The Bills? The Buffalo Bills? 
Let's wake up and smell the coffee, folks . Let's be 
realistic for a second here. The only reason the Bills 
made it this far is because the rest of the AFC, except 
maybe Cincinnati, is awful. The Bengals aren't that 
good either, but they beat Buffalo 35-21 earlier this 
year and on Sunday it might be worse. I'll put money 
on it that you can't name more than three players on 
the Bills. Go ahead. Give it a try. Jim Kelly . . . Corne-
lius Bennett . .. urn . . . Fred Smerlas (who's he?) .. . urn 
. . . urn . . . I told you. The fact is, the Bengals probably 
won't even have to try very hard because the Bills will 
beat themselves before the Bengals do. Against Hous-
ton, the Bills managed to completely blow four scor-
ing opportunities when they had the ball inside the 
Oilers' 20 yard line - including twice when they were 
stopped on fourth-and-one plays inside the five. 
Besides, Cincinnati has been to the Super Bowl 
before, and it won't take more than a quarter of action 
before Buffalo realizes that it doesn't belong in the 
playoffs at all. Obviously, Phil wants you to ... 

TAKE CINCINNATI 
· OffiCial hilt (rOo m thf Gol,"" !VuIX", Kinpbridac NV, 

..--------Roth's - in the alley in P.B. *------, 

FUTONS OR FRAMES 
5% DISCOUNT when 
you buy I_nger & futon 

Ilmu~neously 
FUTONS 
TWin 6" S6O; 8" S80. Fu116" S70; 
8" $90; Queen 6" S80; 8" $100; 
King 6" $110; 8" $130 
4-WAY LOUNGER 
Twin $50 • Full $S8 
Queen S62 • King SIlO 
FoI"'". F..-. "" 0' I ..... 
Jr TWin $33, Twtn $39 , Full $55. 
Queen $65. (3- callan fUlons · TWIn 
537, Full $54, Q ueen 564) 
STORE HOURS 
Thurs 2·8pm; Fri. 12·5pm 
Sat. lO·5pm; Sun. 11 ·3pm 
Mon.-Wed • .ppolntme ... 
27J-Mllor 569-7011 

J ... __ ClMllforten · Twtn $69; 
Full $79; Queen $89 ; Ktng $99 

"S)''' C_" _ Amll 
So, or sleep. Full $129. Queen $J49 

WE CARRY 'NV~NTORY. 
PrICes sub.tect 10 change 

'PdClhc Beach 967 A Beryl S, tn alley 
""'ween Law and Beryl. west 0/1 

Casso i""rom Garn~1 Ave furn north on 
Ca .. S, go 7 blocks 10 Beryl. 

-a;;;.......;..----....:...----AAililis.:f;;;iG.~;;;;;: Ali S.d1IIUn/ Guardian 
Bernadette Diepenbrock (left) and Beth Koenig have been major factors in the Tritons' success this season. 

Swim Team Qualifies 
Four to Nationals 

Tim RW1n .... 

By CARIN RESNICK 
Staff Writer 

Surprising would be a good 
word to use to describe the hap-
penings at UCSD's Collegiate 
Swimming Invitational Saturday, 
Dec. 31 , when four Triton swim-
mers qualified for the NCAA 
Division III Championships. 

Unseasonably cold weather left 
swimmers shivering between 
events, lowering expectations of 
swimmers and coaches alike. 
"We're used to training in this 
weather, but it's hard mentally to 
psych up when you're this cold," 
commented team co-captain Steve 
Denys. 

The second strike against Triton 
swimmers was their intense train-
ing schedule. Having j ust finished 
two separa te weeks of demanding 
training, ("hell week" as the swim-
mers refer to it) , nobody expected 
fast times. " 

With two strikes against them, 
the Tritons surprised everyone by 
Qualifying four swimmers for the 
NCAA Championships. Jason 
Vance and Steve Denys were the 
first Tritons to qualify for Na-
tionals. Vance and Denys sprinted 
to respective times of 21.38 and 
21.54 in the 50 meter freestyle . 

Both swimmers were amazed 
by their times. "I hadn't really 
concentrated on my swim. When 
I looked up at the sco reboard I 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Nud not be fxpensivr 
Special College 

Student Program 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 (Iminu 
Dti Rio North 

#3.5 

was shocked," said Denys. 
Vance expressed relief at hav-

ing qualified so early in the sea-
son. "Now I can train really hard 
and get mentally psyched for 
Nationals. " 

Before the shock of the qualifi-
cations could wear off, Marita 
Michelin glided to the wall, touch-
ing for a Qualifying time of'l : 10.41 
in the 100 meter breast stroke. 
Michelin, swimming in her first 
meet of the season due to illness 
and a shoulder injury, was not yet 
finished. 

Later in the afternoon she 
repeated her winning perform-
ance, Qualifying in the 200 meter 
breast stroke with a time of 
2:33.53. 

Not to be outswum by the vete-
ran Triton swimmers who were 
all National qualifiers last season, 
freshman Shannon Smith reserved 
a spot for himself at Nationals 
with 4 : 15.62 in the individual 
medley. 

Individually, Triton swimmers 
had much success. As a team, the 
Triton men beat Air Force and 
Wyoming with ease. The 526.5 
point difference avenged last sea-
son's one point loss to Air Force. 

The Triton women also swam 
well, placing second among four 
teams. H~mpered by illness and 
missing three swimmers, the wom-
en battled Nebraska and finished 

See SWIM, pace 17 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Span, Editor 

A possible postseason 
berth for the men's basket-
baD team practically faded 
into the mist this vacation 
when the team discovered 
tbat its leadina SCOI'CI'. so-
pbomore luard Tim Rapp, 
was declared academically 
ineJiaibie for the rat of the 
1981-89 ICUOIL Rapp was, 
averqin, 20 point. a pme 
at one point thia IIIIIOD, 
and now tbe Tritons are left 
without a IOHd oft'eDlive 
tbnat. 

... M ..... , .. 17 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste_ 215 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME/CONDO OWNER IN URANCE 

The UCSD G/lardian 

w. Hoop 
Continued from page 16 
sive years in the early '80s, fin-
i hed sixth in this year's tourney 
and did not place anybody on the 
All-Tournament team. SI. Am-
brose boasted an 11 -0 record and 
two All-Tournament team mem-
bers when the tournament came 
to a close. Other teams competing 
in the tournament included Cal 
St. Stanislaus and Cal St. San 
Bernardino. 

Back on the weekend of Dec. 2 
and 3, the Tritons competed in 
the Cal SI. Stanislaus Tourna-
ment, where they defeated Oregon 
Tech 65-51 in the first round but 
lost to CSU Stanislaus 71-43 in 
the finals. In the Oregon Tech 
game, Ragatz pumped in 18 points 
and Bernadette Diepenbrock grab-
bed 19 rebounds. 

On Dec. 13, UCSD defeated 
Christ College of Irvine 89-77 as 
Koster scored 20 points and pulled 
down 12 boards. The Tritons do 
not play until next Tuesday night 
when they host Whittier at 7 p.m. 
in the Triton Pavilion. 

M. Hoop 
Continued from pace 16 

UCSD's losing streak now 
stands at four consecutive games, 
in addition to an exhibition game 
loss to Athletes in Action. The 
Tritons have not won a game 
since Dec. 2, when they beat 
Point Lorna Nazarene. Since then, 
the Tritons have lost games to 
Occidental, Bethany Bible, Pacific 
and Elmhurst. 

Friday night the Tritons hope 
to turn things around when they . 
host Gordon College in the first 
game of the La Jolla Classic at 8 
p.m. in the Triton Pavilion. The 
earlier game pits Pomona-Pitzer 
against Millikin College. Friday's 
game is the annual Spirit Night, 
and it will be followed by a dance 
with a live band in the Rec Gym. 

Swim 
Continued from pace 16 
just 18.5 points out of first place. 

Head coach Bill Morgan point-
ed out that challenges lie ahead. 
"We have some important meets 
coming up and the big trick is to 
sustain our training for two more 
months. Keeping the level of 
intensity this high is difficult ." 

This weekend, Jan. 6-8, the 
Tritons will host the San Diego 
Senior Invitational. The meet 
matches the Tritons against swim-
mers from seven colleges and 10 
U.S. swim clubs. 

Now's your chance to 
show how much more 
spirit you have than your 
friends (or enemies) from 
Revelle or Warren or 
wherever. Come to the 
annual UCSD Spirit 
Night, when the Tritons 
host Gordon College 
(coached by former 
UCSD coach and NBA 
player John Block) on 
Friday night at 8 p.m. in 
the Triton PavilUon. After 
the game, there will be a 
dance with a live band in 
the Rec Gym. This event 
is sponsored by Intercol-
legiate Athletics and the 
Inter-College Residence 
Hall Association. 

SPORTS 

All S.d1lh1an! Guardian 
Forward Rick Batt puIs one up over the Elmhurst defense. 

Wednesday . January 4. 1989 17 

Ali S.dJ ....... /Guardian 
Senior Scoop Troy amassed 21 pOints on Friday night. 

Take a break • Get oat of yoar books and into a Recelassl 
Campas Recreation has something for everyone 

Tennis + Weight Training + Body Shaping for Women +Ice Skating 
Striding for Fitness +Racquetball +Sand Volleyball 

Private Lessons + Mindbody Dynamics +Swimming Lessons 
Beginning Fitness Swim + Fitness Stoke + Waterpolo +Surfing + Nui King 

Akido +Hatha Yoga + rai Chi Ch'uan + Circulatory Massage 
Shiatsu Massage +Shotokan Karate + Tang Soo Do Karate 

CPR + First Aid • Self Defense +Ballet +Jazz Dance 
Modern Dance .,Ballroom Dance +Aerobics + Wateraerobics + Trimnastics 

Waterpolo +Hour of Power +Stretch & Relaxation +Children's Classes 

See . the winter Iswe of the Canyonview newsletter for complete schedule. 
Sign-ap and details at X440l7. Canyonvlew Athletics Ii Rftmltlon building. 

.,~ UCSO 
~ Campus Recreation 



18 

: 

•• 

Wednl'l·dal'. January 4, /989 SPORTS The UCS D Guordiofl 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Action ... 
What 
Basketball (W) 
Basketball (M) 

Who 
WHITTIER 
GORDON COLLEGE 
POMONA-PITZER or MILLIKIN 

7:00 p.m. 
8:00 p.m. 

Fencing (M) U.S. Fencing Ass. Coil. Open (MD) 

When 
Jan. 10 
Jan. 6 
Jan. 7 
Jan. 7-8 
Jan. 6-8 
Jan. 7 

6 or 8 p.m. 
a ll day 

Swim.& Div.(M& W)SAN DIEGO SENIOR INVITE 
Volleyball (M) UCSD ALUMNI 

all day 
2:00 p.m. 

1989-90 

UCSD 
RECORDS BOX 

Basketball (W) 
Basketball (M) 

W 
7 
3 

L 
4 
7 

T 
o 
o 

UCSD UNDERGRADUATE SCHOLARSHIP 
APPLICATION DEADLINE FOR 

Continuing, Readmitted, Early Admissions Honor Students, Entering Students 
Winter/Spring Ouarters 1990 

o 
.. 

JANUARY 11, 198'9 

Scholarship Workshops 
ThurSday, January 5, 1989 
Monday, January 9, 1989 

12:00 to 1:00 p.m. 
12:00 to 1:00 p.m. 

North Conference Room, Student Center 

University Bookstore 
[LD( [ :! ))1 D ) 0 o 

Zenith laptops and pes at the University Bookstore 
Open House Demonstration-Thursday, January 19, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Battery Powered Laptops 
Take It Anywherel 

640KRAM 
8MHz 

20 Mb Hard Disk 
Built-in Modem 

UCSD Price: $1999 

Supersport 286 
1 MbRAM 

20 Mb Hard Disc 

UCSD Price: $3110 

2-286 LP-Compatible PC 
Small Footprints-17 1bs! 

1 MbRAM 

Expandable to 6 Mb on 
Main Board/16 Mb System 

8 MHz, 0 Wait State 

20 Mb Hard Disk 

Flat Screen VGA 
Color Monitor Included 

UCSD Price: $2389 

University Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 

Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

386 Super-Advanced AT 

16 MHz, 0 Wait State 

1 MbRAM 

Expandable to 16 Mb 

40 Mb Hard Disk 

Flat Screen VGA 
Color Monitor Included 

UCSD Price: $3779 

data 
systems 

THE OUAlITY GOES IN BEFORE THE NAME GOES uN' 

o 

Classified ~ver1islllg is sold in IS-word IIlcrement~ The 
rate per 15 words IS SI for students. 53 for faculty and 
staff. and 54 for otners. Payment In ~vanc:e is required: 
therefore. ads must be mailed willi a cttect lmade out to 
The OCSD Guaidianl or jII!Sellted in person. Please nave 
ex¥! _Wines are 4 pm. TlIUIsday fOIltblday's 
paper. 4 p.m.ltblday for ThulSday·s",. The Guardian 
reser:m t1te right to refuse 1liiy adwrtising including but 
nol limited to companionship ads. fir more Information 
call 534-5416. The Gurdian. OCSI), 8-016, l..1 »Ila CA 
9'mI. 

Mountain Biking Club formlngl ALL Inter-
ested call Rec. Ctr. 534 -4037. Leave your 
name and number. ( 1/4) 

Tri Della is comingl Rush beginS Jan. 8, 
register now In the plaza. For more infor-
mation, call 558 -0652 or 487-8439. 

Repair your credit rating and fill your bank 
account with cash! Write Jason for free 
detaits at 7770 Regents Rd. #113. Suite 
363, San Diego. CA 92122. 

Roommate wanted to share 2 bed / 2 bath 
apt In University City AlC. pool. JacuzzI. 
sauna. cable. microwave. 10 11 celhng. 
laundry. $385/ mon:h + t /2 ultlhltes Call 
Jody before/ aHer winter break - 558-
1314/ (1/ 4) 

RIUAlE I 
'68 Mercury Cougar. Black, perfect body, 
good Intenor, new tires, excellent running 
condition. $2900 obo. 558-6707. (t /4) 

Thriller without chillerl Brand new O'Neil 
O'No wet SUit, size medium $90 (retails for 
$120). 587-6716 (1/ 9) 

For sale: miscellaneous stereo eqUipment 
and speakers. For Inventory and prices 
call Bryan at 558-7551 (t / 4) 

WEDNESDAY. Jan 4 1-2:30 p.m. -
Recovenng from Eallng Disorders Group 
(RED III). ThiS group is for students who 
wish to overcome eating disorders. A pre-
hmlnary apPointment IS necessary before 
coming to the group. The group IS led by 
Beverly Harju and Carol LeBoeuf Call 
Beverly at 534 -3987 for a preliminary 
appointment before coming to the group 
1003 HUl. 

FRIDAY, Jan. 62-4 p.rn. - AlCOhOl and 
Substance Abuse Group. If you have ever 
asked "Do f have a problem?," chances 
are you do have a few things to talk about. 
Interested students please call Dan Munoz 
at 534-1579 for Information. The group IS 
led by Dan Munoz and Tyler Gabnel. Re-
velle Provost's Office. 

.. ---... _ ................................. .. 

•••••••••• 
PHOTO MEETING 

ATTHEGUARDIAN 
Tues., Jan. 10 5 p.m. 
OLD AND NEW 

ARE WELCOME!! 
111 •••• 111111 •• 

· .. :S2 OFF : 
• ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
• • 
:$1 OFF : 

.I!I!I!.w!t!!IJl!I!I!I! ____ • • • 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleosIs WIthin 
the last month 7 If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contrlbutron to 

the medical Industry. and 
earn you 550 at the same 

time. For additional 
detafls call Ms, Vawter at 

Essential Biologics. 
226-1713. 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 1'1 me FREE • 
• pr""'l1l (OUt)o11 CAMPUS • 
• "hen urdenng DELIVERY • 
• 1I001K" TO YOUR • 
• ~I<'n t hu t lam-I\11D 

,,, -".11 IIJm- 1JI1\ DOOR • 
• "un t I 3(1 •• m Mit) • 

• • 
• • 
• • • &17l VIII.I L.I j<,IIJ Dr La )011., VJlIJgc !>qU,IIC • 
I.. 455-0662 • 
I ••••••••••••••••••• ~ 

ASMEMeeting Tuesday. Jan. 10at6pm 
Guest speaker Gayte Cadullader Prof 
Engineers hcense - all abOut the EIT and 
PE exam PH 104 

Word Processing. Paper $2 1 pg . re-
sumes ProfeSSional Writer on staff 
Dehveryavall 755-8188 (1/4) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy 
Only $595 While you walt Xeroxes and 
more Near SI. Germalns. 452-9949 
(t 130) 

Free non-denominational Bible Corres-
pondence Course, P.O. Box 27393G, 
Escondido, Calif 92027 747-41 55 (1 / 4) 

Child care for 5-year old boy In Del Mar. 
Mon AM and Fn PM only. Expenenced, 
non-smoking, references $6 p h. Call 
Heten 453-4100 x239, 755-3201 (eves). 
(1 / 17) 

WANTED' Motivated undergraduate sub-
Jects for Visual psychophysical experi-
ment Siudy extends over t month Earn 
at least $50, can receive credit for psy-
chology classes. Call Karen at Salk Insti-
tute, 453-4100 x420 (1/9) 
Receptionist / secretary -light tYPing, pi t 
mornings In downtown office Kelly 231 -
7071 bet. 2-5 (11 4) 

UCSD students With GPAs of 3.0' Paid 
notetaker pOSitions are available for the 
follOWing Winter 1989 course' Econ 177, 
TWL,t 22W, History tIl . Chem 6B, Math 
29. CSE 171 A. Paid reader pOSition 
needed for CSE 171A. Contact Disabled 
Student SerVices, 534 -4382. ASAP (t / 4) 

Nicole, Hwel, Mike - Yaaah! I think we'll 
always be friendsl -Ali. 

I hope you aU have a better quarter than 
u's starting out as Thanks for the hard 
work and don't forget about the meeting 
on ThurSday on Thursday at 5 p.m. (I 
won·t be there). Leesa. 

> 

Happy Birthday P.K.' What are you now. 
30? looking pretty good The entire West 
Coast and its associated manne life wish 
you all the best, Enjoy! 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY SUEI What are you 
now, 25? Looking pretty good. The entire 
world wishes you all lhe best in '89! 

HAPPY ANNIVERSARY FOLKS' What IS 
It, 26? Looking pretty good. Have a great 
dayl 

To everyone t didn't send Xmas cards to ' 
Merry Christmas! 

MarCI. What's With the green legs? -Kermit 

Enc, Dave, and Jeff (aka, News goons) 
Looks like you're not so important after 
all. Take a look. Don1 feel bad. -Seth 
and Marcl. 

Sly and Cy - Can you recomm~nd a 
nearby hip American diner that sports 
and rock and roll motif? From an unhip, 
hungry reader. 

K.D. - We have your purse. -England 

• new writers and hiatus 
faithfuls {: 
come to the hiatus ;"'';;--''''-
writers 
meeting thursday. jan, 5 
at 6 p ,m, at the 
Guardian, 

also don't forget the hiatus 
assistant editor resumes are 
due jan. 6 by 5 p ,rn. 
any questions ask for Sabrina 
or Cynthia at 534-6581 . 

.!i MOIIl5U,«( ~Copy ucso • • • I 2 ~V"'l.JOIII • ..... u i I ~ 
• Self service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait . Book Binding. Free Parking 

HOURS: M-TH 8:3~6:30, Fri. 8:3~6, Sat. 12-4 
3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 
Next To St. Germain's 451-"4' 

-

• 



" 

20 Wl'dlll'sdOl, Jonuorl' 4, 1989 

Socially Conscious Irish Invasion powerful depiction of life o n the Au t ralia n outback is 
strongly portrayed through 
lead singer Peter Garret c ries 
for social awareness. 

By LARRY WEINTRAUB 
Music EdilOr 

If there are two things that 1988 
will be remembered for, it is as the 
year that gave us music with a 
conscience, and as the year of the 
Irish invasion of new bands. 

ewcomer Tracy C hapman led 
the way with songs about govern-
mental and domestic injustice, 
only to be followed by a barrage 
of socially conscious music in the 
wake of the Amnesty Human 
Rights tour. Meanwhile having 
had its door opened by the suc-
cess of U2, Ireland produced sev-
eral of the most promising new 
band in years. The traditional 
Waterboys and the powerful In 
Tua Nua took the place of the 
Irish Fab Four's slightly below 
par Rattle and Hum. 

2. The Sugarcubes - Life's Too 
Good (Elek tra) 
While the mundane avalanche 
of pseudo-heavy metal plagued 
the air waves thi year, it was 
Iceland 's Sugarcubes which 
broke fro m the rut. Energetic 
and sometimes eclectic, the 
Sugarcubes fronted by singer 
Bjork and her aggressive voice 
thrust their debut American 
release to the top of this list. 

The Sugar cubes 
3. The Waterboys - Fisher-

man's Blues (Chrysalis) 
Haili ng from the land of U2, 
the Waterboys opted for the 
traditional instead of their 
counterpart's commercial en-
deavor. The result is a fasci-
nating feast of Irish lore set to 
a variety of tempos. Makes 
you wish Bono and gang had 
taken a similar approach. 

4. Midnight Oil - Diesel and 
Dust (CBS) 

5. R.E. M . - Green (Warner 
Bros.) 
It seems the year wouldn't be 
complete without an R.E. M . 
album making the charts. With 
Green, we fi nd that Michael 
Stipe's lyrics are a little more 
decipherable yet still not 
clearly understandable and the 
music is as glorious as ever. 
Yes, this is definitely an 
R.E. M. album. 

6. Guns N ' Roses - Appetite 
for Destruction (Geffen), 
Metallica - And Justice Jor 
A /I (Elektra) 
If heavy metal is going to be 
recognized at all this year, 
then these two have to go 

I. Tracy Chapman - Tracy 
Chapman (Elektra) 
Undoubtedly one of the most 
exhilarating debuts in years. 
Chapman's self-titled epic 
leaps over every barrier imag-
inable and prospers with her 
vivid lyrics and illustrious 
voice. 

The politically conscious Oils 
went back to their ancestral 
roots and returned with a 

Tracy Chapman timulating new album. The 
In Tua NUll 

Searching through the jungle 
lenders for a student loan? 
Discover Educaid, the 
student loan specialist, 
and unearth a treasure 
trove of options and 

Your 
Ions 

4-/~Cl.IV turnaround on receipt of 
completed 

M. Extra savings on interest 
for EDUCAID 
supplemental loans (SLS) 

~A lender who works 
as hard as you do. 

The LIe f) Gliurdian 

together. Shining as the only 
two bright stars in this rarely 
respected galaxy of hard and 
fast rock, both Guns N' Roses 
and Meta II ica succeeded 
without the aid of commercial 
radio and MTV. On their 
major label debut , Guns N' 
Roses deals with drugs and 
violence from a very accessi-
ble perspective. Meanwhile, 
Metallica skipped the typical 
drug and sex motif and chose 
political and social topics 
backed of Course by their pat-
ented fast and aggressive rhy-
thms. 

7. The Dream Syndicate 
Ghost Stories (Enigma) 

In a year unblessed by a new 
Replacements album , the 
Dream Syndicate managed to 
fill the void. Blending hard-
edged rock and rock with 
moving ballads, these veterans 
recorded their best material in 
years . 

8. Jane's Addiction -- Nothing's 
Shocking (Warner Bros.) 
It's hard to describe this band. 
One moment lead singer Perry 
Farrel is crooning a poetic 
ballad , the next he's being 
overhauled by distorted gui-
tars. After hearing this album 
(and seeing the album's cover), 
nothing really is shocking. 

Jane's Addiction 
9. In Tua Nua - The Long Acre 

(Virgin) 
If 1988 does go down as the 
year of the Irish invasion as 
far as P!JPular music is con-
cerned, one of the reasons is 
In Tua Nua. After years of 
shuffling band members in 
and out (including former lead 
singer, Sinead O'Conner), Tua 
Nua has settled on the right 
formula producing some good 
energetic music. 

10. Peter Murphy - Love Hyste-
ria (Beggars Banquet / RCA) 
The former lead singer of 
Bauhaus proves that he still 
has a lot of great material in 
him. Addinga lightpop edge 
to his gloomy songs. Murphy 
escaped from the shadows and 
moved to the forefront along-
side his former companions, 
Love and Rockets. 

T u s 

t.\.LING ~ 

ROC~ 
"It is definitely a hot spot, and what's even hoUer than the 
spot is the merchandising: Everyw~ere you go, yo~ se~ 
people wearing Hard Rock Cafe T-shirts and sweatshirts. 

American Pop's Franchise for the Hip held its San Diego premiere last month 
(5<;'<" box), complete with publici ty 
blitz and celebrity no-shows. 
Located on Prospect Street, the 
Hard Rock Cafe is appropriately 
just a short FAX away from La 
Jolla's financial district. 

While a Ro k cachet and tht: 
selling of upscale burge rs is part of 
the mix, fully o ne-third of the 
total annual revenues of the nine 
Hard Rock Cafes is from mt:r-
chandising - shirts, jackets, hats 
and other casual wear. 

The Hard Rock logo is o ne of 
America's hottest status symbols. 

Except for special events, thert: 
is no live rock music to be hea rd at 
the HRC. In the big business of 
rock ' n ' roll, Hard Rock- t yle, the 
selling of status is the essential 
transaction . That's why you st:e so 
many HRC shirts and jackets. 

At one time, when rock ' n ' roll 
first beca me an adjective, the tirle 
was earned by bdng o utrageous, 
or through a t"nse of rebellion 
and originality. In the '80s it's a lot 
si mpler; you can just purchase 
HRC apparel that sends your 
message of rock 'n' ro ll indivi-
duality. 

The Hard Rock Cafe also pro-
vides a plaet' to go and be set:n by 
o thers, just like tht" L.A. and Ncw 
Yo rk celebs. 

BY MIKE MARTINEZ 

Lisa Protter, Director of Creative Services 
MEGA Sponsorship Co. 

CHEESEBURGER IN PARADISE 

The San Diego choict' of loca-
rion for a Hard Rock Cafe sym-
bolizcs this town's arrival and 
national rt"putation as a hotbed 
for nt:w trcnds. 

HRC founder Petcr Morton (of 
the restauranteur Morton family) 
has a savvy marketing strategy fo r 
every aspect of his clubs, from 
decor to venue. His fi rst was in 
London in 1971. He felt thert" was 
a nt:t:d fo r an American-sty le 
hamburger joint with a senst: for 
the innoce nce, fun, energy and 
excitement that post-war America 
exemplified. In other words, a 
place with the sam~ qualities that 

rock 'n' roll has. 
Like the inventors of TTltJiai 

PurSUIt, Peter Morton is a great 
success srory of the baby-boomer 
generation - of those who have 
gotten rich marketing the popular 
culture they grew up with. 

It wasn't until 1982 that Mor-
ton and his Hard Rock Cafes 
invaded America. With backing 
fro m Willie Nelson and tewn 
Spielberg (a co-owner of the San 
Diego location), he opened the 
first HRC in Los Angeles. Holly-
wood - it had to figu re. 

See CAFE, page 7 

I 
- ,. 



WINTER SEASON 

CHILDREN'S 
THEATRE COMPANY 

in "Rumplestiltskin" " 
"Kalulu and His Money Farm" 

The finest children's theatre in the country. 
January 13, Friday 

G.A. $10.00, St. $6.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Ctt. $8.00 

~ 
STANFORD 

STRING QUARTET 
with Hubert Laws 

A special evening with this renowned flutist. 
January 14, Saturday 
G.A. $11.00, Students $7.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.CIt. $9.00 

~ 
EMERSON 

STRING QUARTET 
"Phenomenal ... an abundance of spirit." -S.D.Union 

January 21, Saturday 
G.A. $18.00, UCSD St. $9.00 

~ 

INTERNATIONAL STYLE 
SERIES 1989 

Twelve outstandi11g contemporary fiLms 
including eight San Diego area premieres. 

Begins Feb, 2 thru June 6 
Series passe: $15, Smgle tickets $2.50 

~ 

BALLET HISPANICO 
Excitingly vibrant musical dance experience 

February 11, Saturday 
G.A. $15.00, Sr. $10.00 

UCSD Fac/Sraff/Sr.Ctt. $12.00 
~ 

P.D.Q. BACH 
A glorious spoof of serious music. 

February 14, Tuesday 
G.A. $15.00, St. $9.00 

UCSD Fac/Staff/Sr.Cit. $12.00 
~ 

ELIE WIESEL 
Nobel Prite-winning humanist 

February 21, Tuesday, UCSD Gym 
G.A. $9.00, St. $5.00 

UCSD Fac/Sraff/Sr.Cit. $8.00 
~ 

JUBILATION! 
DANCE COMPANY 

A blend of modem, ethnic, jat%: & classical 
March 4 , Saturday 
G.A. $15.00, St. $10.00 

UCSD Fac/Sraff/Sr.Cit. $12.00 
~ 

All perfonnances are at 8:00 p.m. 
in Mandeville Auditorium unless noted. 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

ffiAUlnc 

W 

• nder tht" dir~cti()n of music 
dm'ctor Zoltan Rosznyai. tht' 
International Orchestra of 
USIU will oJXn it 1989st'uson 
with "Mozart Plus" on Friday, 
Jan . 6 at 8 p.m. in th~ Lyceum 
Theatre. This is tht' first of tht' 
or hestra's t'ight-conct"rt t":1son . 

ubscriptlons at $30 (four con-
certs) and $50 (l'ight concerts) 
or slngk tickets at $10 may be 

charg~d by I hon~ 29 -0082. For 
mort' information, call 298-0082 
or 693-4613. 
• Pianist Ivan Moravec of 
" Amndeu 0" will jOin the an 
Diego Symphony under tht' 
dir~ctlon of West German con-
ductor Hermann Michael at 8 
p.m. on Jan . 5 and 6. Tht' pro-
gram will i ncluJ~ Brahm' Tragic 

Ov~rture and Bartok '5 oncerto 
for Orcht"stra. David Amos, 
conductor of the kwish Com-
munity Orchestra and columnist 
for rhl' San Die)!o jl'wish Times 
will prest"nt a It'cturt" in thl.' 

low~r lobby at 7 p.m. Tickets are 
available b~tween 10 a.m. and 6 
p.m . Monday through Friday at 
the ymphony Hall box office. 
Tickets are also available at all 
TicketMaster outlets or can be 
charged by phone at 278-TIXS. 
For mort' information, call 
699-4205. 
• Sdt'nt scr~~n stars Lillian and 
Dorothy Gish star in the 1921 
sill.'nt film classic "Orphans of 
the Storm," showing on Jan. 7 
at Symphony Hall, The Sym-
phony :lccompani~s the film with 
guest conducto r Carl Daehler 
and o rganist Dennis James. 
Tickets an: available at tht' Sym-
phony Hall ticket ofiic~ ( 1245 
SeVl'nth Awnue) berwel'n 10 
a.m. and 6 p.m. Monday 
through Friday, and at Ticket-
Master OUtll' tS. To cha rge by 
phon,', call 27 -TIX . For mor~ 
information, contact the Sym-
rhony Hall t ic k~t office at 
699-4205. 

• Now through Feb. 28 th~ 
Reuben H. Fleet Space 
Theater and Science Center is 
screeni ng "The Year of the 
Comet" together with "Tomor-
row In Space," a fact-based 
scenario of man's not-too-distant 
future in space. 

v f 
• "Laserock: The Cutti ng 
Edge," a 1:1 er-lil:ht COIKl'rt, is 
showing now through Fl·b. 28 at 
thl' Reuben H. Fleet Space 
Theater. 1111: show f,'awrt's tIw 
music of Th,' Talking Ht'ads, 
111<' Curt', U2 and D~pet:he 

Mod~ . Th ... pr gram plays daily 
at 9 : IS p.m., with an additional 
10: 15 p.m. show on Fndays and 
Saturdays. Admission is $5.50 
gt'nl'ral, $4 seniors . Admission 
incluJ,'s l'ntmm:l' to rh,' Scknn' 
Centl'r. 

• Sushi prt'Sl'nts "Earth Life," 
f,'aturing poet Essex Hemphill 
and musician Wayson Jones. 
"Earth Lift''' looks at daily exist-
enCl' in and out of an urban 
l'nvironmt'nt through perfor-
mance and poetry, music and 
visual imagay. Tickets art' $10 
gt'n~ral, $7 Sushi membl'fs . For 
rt' t'rvations or information , call 
235-8466. Sushi is located at 
852 Eighth Avenue, downtown. 

• Sushi will ho t "II Grotto," 
an exhibition of paintll1gs and 
sculpture by San Diegan Cindy 
Tower Jan. 6 through Feb. 4. 
" II Grotto" is an exploration of 
the Lacanian notion of "differ-
ence." Tower recently received 
her MFA from UCSD. A recep-
tion will be held on Saturday, 
Jan. 21 from 7 to 9 p.m. Gallery 
hours are Fridays and Saturdays, 
12-4 p.m. Sushi is located at 852 
Eighth Avenue in downtown San 
Diego. For more information, 
call 235-8466. 

-;:===~ ............. ====:;'1 II _ .. Will 
PUT YOUR 

COLLEGE DEGREE 
TO WORK. 

Air Force Officer Training School 
is on excellent start to a 
challenging career as on Air 
Force Officer. We offer great 
starting pay, medical care, 30 
days of vocation with pay each 
year and management 
opportunities. Contact on 
Air Force recruiter. Find aut what 
Officer Training School can mean 
for you. Call 

818-282-8882 COLLECT 

• 1<:" I II' ,< t' j , 'I ' h 'I ! I, 'J 

• Thl' Athenaeum Music and 
Arts Library III L1 Jolla WIll "':1 ' 
tur,' an "Xhlhltloll of works hy 

WaShlll~tlln, D. '. artist Sally 
Ehrlich Jan . 6 thn)ul'h Feb. 11. 
11w exhlhit, "Domestic Tran-
quility," i"aturl's a vanl·ty of 
household conmim'rs don,' 111 
acrylic on canvas. 111l' ,'xhihit IS 
0lx'n to r1w puhlll' during r,'gular 
hour. , TUl.'sday throu~h atur-
day (rom 10 a.m . to 5:30 p.m. 
Thl' Athenaeum i - locatn'! at 
1008 Wall trn't in Ll Jolla . 

• The La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art will screen 
Bobby Roth's "Heartbn:ak-
ers" on Wednesday, Jan . 11 at 
7:30 p.m. in the Sherwood 
Auditorium. This film fearur,'s 
avant-gardt' artist Petrr Coyote 
and businessman Nick Man uso 
coming to terms with thdr rela-
tionships to women and to t'ach 
other. Admission is $2 for 
museum membt'rs, $3 for non-
members. LJMCA is located at 
700 Prospect Strcet in La Jolla. 

I ~ T U 
o 

Rm fOllOR 
mRlnR ~OUmRnS 

RSSOCIHH RRTS fOIiOR 
CYnTHlR CRmPBm 

mUSI C fOITOR 
LRRRY wflnTRRUH 

SfnlOR SInH WRIHR 
ISRBflLf TlHRnYI 

OfSlcn COnSUlTAnT 
mlHf mRR Tlntl 

o SIRH WRITfRS 0 
RRIHUH RSH 

Jim CRRY 
PRm mil[ 

JOHn HfRRnfY 
LRURR HnAPP 
JfH LRmom 

PHil mmovtRn 
mlH[ mRR Tlntl 

LRRR mlHRIR 
nRnCY mun TnfA 

SRSCHR OClnz 
oonOVRn P. ROCHf 

AICH ROHO[5 
OlBHlt younG 

"IAIU~ I~ m llmo IVIRY INURSOAY 01 
IM[ ACAOlm lC 9[HA AS A IUPPllm[nl 10 
IMI UCSO GURROIRn R[PAOOUC lion OR 
USI 01 Any POAlion 01 '"I~ mllon wm 
OUI wRlilln PlRmlSIIOn IS PAOMIQIIIO 
WI Wllcoml unIOIICII[O I!lH RS. mAnU 
SCAlm Ano AAIWORH. QUI mumr no 
AISPOnSI QllI lY lOR lHllR An URn 

VO lumf 20 num9fR I 
I--------~O~-----

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
For state-of-the-art computers, calculators, software and more. 

"hO'l HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

HP-14B Business 
Calculator 

Students: Make the most of 
your study time with this 

easy-to-use calculator. 

HP-22S Scientific 
Calculator for Students 
Don't waste study time 

studying your calculator. Try 
a calculator that's easy to use. 

HP-32S Scientific 
Calculator 

The perfect solution when 
you need a little more. All the 

functions you need plus the 
effidency of RPN. 

Calculators 

Model EL-S12 II 
powerful, programmable 
scientific calculator with 

127 functions . 

Model EL-S06A 
Ten-digit scientific 
calculator with Memory 
SafeGuard. 

tlilElI!!l iai:i 
s~eirDia61J 
El!l;)EJi!.iWI:l 
OE!itllI!lIDO 

DDDiI~ 
aDDEle· 
DDaiu:a' 
BI3Da_ 1 

CASID. 
Programmable 

Graphic Calculator 
fx-800OG wi th 
255 functions 

-Text display: 16 
columns x 8 lines 
(128 Characters) 
-Graphics display: 
96 dots x 64 dots 
- High utility variation 
of program steps and 
data memories 
-Graphic functions 
• File edi tor function 
(1,917 steps) 
• Print function 
- Data recorder functions 
(SAVE, LOAD, VERIFY) 
- Perfect entry system 
• Instant replay function 
• Regression analysis 

Portable 
Electronic Intelliwriter 

only $163.95 
(Suggested retail 5199.95) 

The affordable, 
intelligent choice. 

- Letter quality daisy 
wheel printing 
-One touch auto 
WOI ci correction 
• Auto underline 
-Auto centering 
-Auto indent 
• Auto carriage return 
·65 character lift-off 
correction memory 

rllD HEWLETT 
a:T..I PACKARD 

HP-42S RPN Scientific 

I Calculator Power to handle aU 
your tough problems. 
And it's the best one 
available for matrix and 
vector math. 

HP-28S Advanced 
Scientific Calculator 
Unparalleled in science 
and engineering. The 
broadest range of 
numeric and symbolic 
solutuions available 
on a calculator, 

Personal Computers Word Processing 101. 
There is a grim reality of 

college life that you mayor may not 
be acquainted with. Typing. 

No, make that hours of 
typing. Precisely why you should 
consider a MacintoshT)4 computer. 

With programs like 
WriteNow and Microsoft Word, you 
can compose, edit, move paragraphs, 
and change type sizes and styles with 
one finger. Which can come in very 
handy. (Especially if that's the way 

you type.) And that's just one 
example of how Macintosh helps 
students work smarter, quicker and 
more creatively. 

The good news is, with 
Macintosh you don't have to know 
anything about computers to use one. 

The better news is, you don't 
have to know anything about white 
out, either. 

ti. The power to be your best. 

--- -

----

- ----

'·"' Idata ,...- Systems 
- ---
- - ---
- -----
-----
--- -

Fli;- HEWLETT 
.:a PACKARD 

Computer Center 
Phon : 534-4291 

Monday-Friday 7:45 a. m.-5:15 p.m. 
' aturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Clo cd Sundays and Holidays 

University Bookstore 
[lJ]( I :! ) 11 D ) 



UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
ook epartment 
~==============~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

Your source for: 

-1989 wall calendars and date books-all 20% off 
- New York Times best sellers-always 35% below 

publishers' list price 
- Literary classics 
- All the best of old and new titles in drama, 
history, gender studies, music, poetry, art, 
political science, economics, study aids, and more 
- Foreign language dictionaries and cassettes 
-Gift books, humor, cookbooks, and children's 
books 

Special orders and book information: 534-3149 

Feel like you're 
out on a limb? 

Come to the 
University Bookstore 

for help from 

The Problem 
Solver Books 

Math, Science and Engineering Study Guides 
'35 popular titles each over 1,000 pages of 
problems worked out in step-by-step detail. 

'Designed to save students hours of 
time in finding solutions to problems. 

'Includes every type of problem that 
might be assigned or given on exams. 

·Problems are arranged in order of complexity, 
from elementary to advanced. 

·An essential supplement to any class text. 

Come in and see the full line of problem solvers! 
Medical and Technical Department. Phone: 534-3149 

UCSD SWEATSHIRfS 
On Sale! 

Now $12.25 
Gifts and clothing: 534-4248 

University Bookstore Store hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 
[UJ( [ :~ I »)1 D ) Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

ram.: .... ,:. , ... 11·': ... ,' .,. lB " ,: .:' 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
xtended ours 

Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, January 3,4,5: 7:45 a.m.-9 p.m. 
Friday, January 6: 7:45 a.m.-6 p.m. 
Saturday, January 7: 9:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. 
Monday and Tuesday, January 9 and 10: 7:45 a.m.-7 p.m. 

Regular store hours will resume Wednesday, January 11 
Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays. Information: 534-3770 

Textbook Department 
Buy your textbooks during our extended hours . . . 

January 3,4,5: 
January 6 
January 7 
January 9,10 

7:45 a.m. - 9 p .m. 
7:45 a.m. - 6 p .m. 
9:30 a .m. - 4:30 p.rn . 
7:45 a .m. - 7 p .m . 

and sell last quarter's books at our opening buyback! 

Refund information 
IMPORTANT 
DO NOT MARK YOUR BOOKS 
until you are sure you will keep them. 
SAVE YOUR CASH REGISTER RECEIPT. 

REFUND POLICY: 

1. Refunds must be accompanied by a cash register receipt. 
2. New books must be clean, binding perfect, and in mint 
(absolutely new) condition. No names, writing, or other 
marks will be accepted. 
3. Used books must be in resaleable condition. 
4. Merchandise is to be returned within two weeks of 
purchase date, or within the first week weeks of the start 
of the current quarter. 
5. A cash refund will not be granted on purchases paid for 
with a check until two weeks after the date of the transaction. 

University Bookstore 
[UJ( [ :551 0 ) 

Thursday and Friday, January 5 and 6 
9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

Saturday, January 7 
10 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

Under the tent in front of the bookstore. 

Hot beverages - .10 cup 
(Thursday and Friday only) 

Textbook department: 534-4557 

Store hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 

-

-

-. 



I • 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
1\ll,., ) 

.... 

his week on 

I~ 
on your resume 

Southworth 24 lb. 
Parchment Deed-
100% Cotton Fiber 
White or Ivory 

15%-350/0 offe e e Impressionsl"M 
elaid finish 
-acid free 

Eaton 24 lb. 
Private Stock® 
e25% cotton fibre 
-laid bond finish 
eacid free 

enatural 
egrey 
-white 

every day 

, . . 

, .. 

" .. ,I 

" 
. r 
.-,;,.~ 

~ .. .. 
• ~7~ 

,----

1989 Wall Calendars 
Southworth 
Note-A-Date 

Erasable Planners 
Southworth 
A variety of formats 
to choose from 

Supplies Department 
534-3786 

-chalk white 

1989 Appointment Books 
Shaeffer Eaton At-A-Glance 
Southworth Note-A-Date 

Design House 
Quo Va dis 

Ryam 
Letts of London 

Desk Pad Calendars 
Many styles to choose from 

-oys ter grey 
-rose ash 
eslate blue 

DAYRUNNER 
The Organizer 

,....,.. 

-

Eaton At-A-Glance 
Slimline Time Management Planners 

Store Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.- 5:15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p,m. 

Closed SWldays and Holidays 

Opening 
Continued from page I 
Rock (ounda Peter Morton . Aha 
a few speaches and pats on the back, 
the Cats hit the stage with a ven-
geance. 11wy rippd through th,' 
b,'st 01 their own matl'rial as \wll 
as a few well -picked rockahilly 
ch,'smuts like "I Fought th,' Law" 
and " 'mun Evt'rybody." 111is 
drove tht' crowd to " rockabi ll y 
frenzy that ewn had San Dit:go 
Mayor Maureen O'Connor on 
her fee t and dancing. 

The crowd responded best to 
the familia r hits from the Stray 
Cats' first two albums, by singing 
alo ng with such favorites as " Run-
away Boys," " Rock This Town," 
and ca rrying the chorus on the 
classic "Stray Cat Strut." How-
ever, the newer cuts from their 
forthcoming LP seemed to fall 
short of the cIa sic status of some 
of the earlier Cat canon. 

At their best, the Cats rekindle 
the spirit of the Sun Records n:-
bels, pt'rforming songs th:1t could 
have been written 30 years ago by 
Carl Perkins or Jerry Lee Lewis. 

And for this event, the choice 
of the Stray Cats as the band to 
open the latest addition to the 
Hard Rock chain could not have 
been better. While on st:1ge the 
band kept this crowd of $ l 00-a-
pop patrons working for their 
supper. By bri nging on veteran 
rocker Dave Edmunds for a series 
of encores, they left the crowd 
alte rnately gasping for air and 
screaming for more. 

On this night the Hard Rock 
Cafe proved to San Diego that 
they know how to throw a party. 
Now if they could only design a 
decent T-shirt ... 

CAFE 
Continu ed from page 1 

In subsequent years, Morton 
has merged a ro k sensibility with 
marketing smarts to target new 
locales in America : San Francisco, 
New York, Chicago, Houston, 
New O rleans. All are cities with 
unique musical traditions. 

By the time the Honolulu club 
opened in 1987 (with no musical 
legacy to speak of outside of Don 
Ho) the Hard Rock had gone big 
time. It was now more than a 
trt:ndy rock joint - it had become 
a tourist attraction in its own 
right. 

And what better place for a 
tourist franchise than San Diego? 

THE TIMES THEY ARE A· CHANGIN 

The company bio for the Hard 
Ro k Cafes spells out in no un-
certain terms that the Cafes are 
renowned for thei r unique envi-
ronments that "reflect rhe fun and 
innocence of an American road-
side diner in the lare 1950's. 

Even the music played in the 
clubs is subject to Morton's per-
sonal guidt'lines. 

That rock 'n' roll can now be 
outlined in corporate policy re-
flects how far it has evolved. In the 
late 1950s, the era the HRCs so 
faithfully evoke, no company 
larger than Joe's Motorcycle Re-
pair wanted anything to do with 
rock. 

Back then rock 'n' roll music 
was considered dangerous. The 
paranoia of that timt: is now popu-
lar legend. Elvis' pelvis banned 
from TV. The belief that " race 
records" made teenagers horny 
and criminal, resulting in reefer 
smoking and sex orgies . The terms 
"j uvenile ddinquent" and "rock . 
'n' roll" were synonymous. . 

By the t'arly '60s, the paranoia 
died out and rock genuinely came 
to repre ent fun and energy, with 
the offerings of Frankie and 

Fabian evoking a sweet kind of 
puppy love. 

With rhe paranoia days in ret-
rospect, a rock 'n' roll attitude 
began to tab- form . It was an anti-
establishment, rugged individual 
gig, embodied by James Dean, 
early Elvis (as opposed to the 
vacant fop appearing in flicks), 
Jack Kerouac and other sullen 
n:bds. 

In short, anything your parents 
didn't understand or approve of. 

By the late '60s and early '70s, 
rock 'n' roll described an outlaw 
lifestyle of excess, epitomized by 
the likes of Keith Richards, Jimi 
Hendrix, Keith Moon and John 
Belushi . 

There were tOO many casu-
alties. 

In time, a sense of responsibil -
ity and compassion , even a little 
temperance, becamt' part of what 
rock is. 

With Live Aid, the working 
class values of Bruce Springsteen, 
and the political conscience of 
U2, rock 'n ' roll grew up. Many 
older stars like Tina Turner and 
Roy Orbison enjoyed a resur-
gence. 

Keith Richards is happily mar-
rit:d with two daughters. 

See CAFE, p age 8 

J'S CoMPANY &. DANCERS 
tIliiiil'i(ij )n'i1iQ:i Gala Concert 

January 5th - 8th, 1989, 8:00 pm 
Mandell Weiss Theatre, UCSD 

Two magical tales spun 
under the endless 

African sky •.• 

" •• the finest children's 
theater in the country ••• 
the finest In the worldl" 

Los Angeles Times 

New Choreography by: 
Jean Isaacs 

Nancy McCaleb 
Betzi Roe 

for more information please caU: 

296-9523 

Tickets: 
$14.00 General Admission 
$ 8.00 Students, Seniors 

Arts Tix Booth • All Teleseat Outlets 

Charge it! 283-SEA T 
These performances are funded. in part, by the Ci ty of San Diego, the California Arts Council, 

and the National Endowment for the Arts/City/Combo Locals Program. 

You've seen their 
brilliant productions on 

the Disney Channel 
and read about them in 

the Smithsonian 
magazine, 

now be dazzled by two 
enchantinl tales 

told, sung and danced by 
the Incomparable 

~. dre
t 

lis 
ea re· 

COmpany 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 

JANUARY 13, FRIDAY, 8: P.M. 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

G.A •• 10.00. St .. _ ".00. Sr.CIt_ ".00 
Group discounts avanable call UCSD Box Office at 534-8487 

~~ .. __ . __ ... -

J'JDC _~ -====--::"'-':'''' 
Pr ••• n t..d by UCSD Unlveralt,y E_nta .. Student Activltle . 

w ith . upport from the Weetern 818\ee Arts Foundatio n. 

-



CAFE 
Continued from page 7 

PINK CADILLAC 

"Save The Planet" 
- Motto cawed ahcwe the har 

In the Hard Ro.;k CAfe 

I gue that' a g dar ck 'n' 
r II mott f r the'9 a any. I 
kipped th pre pa that would 

have gained cntr for openmg 
night. In my b ok, ro k 'n' roll 
isn't about opening night, with 
mayor ,ex-mayor and other rich 
hakers hutting out the common 

fol k . 
Rock 'n' roll is more lik Thur -

day, half past midnight , with no-
where to be and nowhere to go. 

I walked in and wa nearly 
impaled by a m nstrous pink Cadi!-
la that crashed thr ugh the ceil-
mg. I calmly snorted a Bud Light 
with the pink creature lodged ju t 
inche from my head . 

That' when I looked over and 
potted orne of the highly touted 

ro k memorabilia. It' everywhere 
you turn . 

Gold records from Motley 
Crue . A sketch of Peter Town-
hend by his pal John Entwi tle . 

They also took Pete' guitar and 
converted it into a large bar. There 
were more guitars - Carl W il-
son's and Bi lly Idol's among 
others. 

If it 's drums you like, there 
were ones autographed by Phil 
Collins and the Door . How about 
rockin' duds? You ould find Rin-
g' uit, a T-shirt igned by Jagger, 
or the hirtJimi wore at the I Ie of 

Wight. 
And even orne lothing from 

. . . id Vi iou . Phew! I hope they 
took it to the dry cleaners fir t. 

I mu t admit the pia e had a 
k oky en e of atmo phere . The 
clientele were a mixed bag of tour-
ist, tockbrokers and e retaries 
who trolled across the tree t 
from Drexel Burnham Lambert, 
and cene-maker trying their act 
out in the trendie t new spot. 

I approa hed a group of ladie 
for some 0 ial inter our e, and 

veral of them apparently thought 
I was just another moon-faced 
swinger cruising for phone num-
be rs - and not a se ri ou 
journali t. 

ne finally gushed that San 
Diego " needed to grown up and 
hed its Image as a retirement 

town. " 
No doubt about it, this was a 

woman from a bigger city, whose 
ideas about ours were formed 
years ago from ina urate news 
coverage - the type of short 
blurbs that depict us as either a 
suburb of L.A. or a a bus load of 
ailors loking for sin and a tattoo 

after a perfunctory t ur of the 
Zoo. 

W ell lady, the two surf bum 
spoke to later don't th ink you' re 
what ro k 'n' r II is ab ut . They'd 
just as oon keep out the trendy 
riffraff and "rowdyize" the place 
a bit, making it more like the 
Pennant. 

They loathe the type for whom 
the mo t important rea on for the 
exi tence f the Hard R ck Cafe i 
having a pia e to buy the shirt . 

LET IT ROCK 
Rock 'n' roll in 1989 is for ev-

eryone - stockbrokers, surf bums, 
working women and ri h kids in 
matching lub windbreaker. In 
time the Hard Rock afe should 
repre ent more than a trendy tour-
ist top. 

It has always been Morton 's 
intention for the HRCs to donate 
food, services and money to chari-
ties and non-profit organizations. 
Opening night in San Diego was 
for the benefit of the Child Abuse 
Foundation, and it surely is part of 
the corporate game plan for the 
HRC to become synonymous with 
community fundrai ing and many 
other big events . 

It's only ro k 'n' roll- and thi 
town' ready. 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS 
& STUDENT ACTIVITIES 

Presents 

TANFORD 
i~TRING QUARTET 

January 14, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $11.00, Students $7 .00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $9.00 

~ ~,. .~=.:=~~-:-:~u 
" 1CU'.ln fil , ..- ."1"" 'IU 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

Photo Odyssey 
by debbie young 
hiatus contributor 

For th i:' first time ince its debut in 1 ,National 'lJ~ral)hic 
has putt gi:'ther some of it fine t photos for arti tic di play . The 
photograph , cho en from more than 700,000, wert· taken by 
NatIOnal e()RraphlC taff during the magazine' fir t century. They 
!.pan an enormo u oncl'ptual arena, transcending both time and 
ultural distin tion . The exhibit, "Odyssey: The Art of Photo-

I!,raphy at National Geol!,Taphic," is being shown now through Jan. 
15 at the Museum for Photographi Arts in Balboa Park. 

mbat photos, from Vietnam to Ni aragua , a well a a photo 
of a outh Africa n knifing vi tim , face an image of a young Tuareg 
girl, which ould have been shot for the cover of Glamour. 

There are old, bla k and white photos, from the magazine 's 
early days, like the one taken in 1909 of John Muir and J hn 
Burrough together in Yosemite Park - two grey-bearded men 
perched atop the r ks 10 king erene. 

Some photographs offer explanations or little anc dotal bl urbs: 
A card beside an underwater photo of a hippopotamu explains 
that the animal subsequently attacked and bit a hole through the 
photographer's leg. 

Next to a photograph of a 2,000 year-old tanned hand in a bog 
reads that when finger-printed by the police, it made as clear an 
impression a that of a live per on. 

Sometime~ there is no accompanying explanation : An image of 
boats floating in a stained pool of red i simply enti tled "The 
Aftermath of a Whale Hunt." 

The exhibit was organized by the Corcoran Gallery of Art in 
Washington in association with National Geol!,raphic edi t rs. It 
took five people two years to go through all the photographs 
accumulated during the magazine's 100 years in publication. Each 
day they looked at nearly 4 ,000 slides to decide upon which 
photos to include in the show. About 65 percent of the photo-
graph in the exhibit have never been published before. 

Identical sets of the National Geographic photos are on three-
year tours - one in the United States, the other abroad . The 
exhibit's only West Coast stop is San Diego. Some museum 
directors in other cities are reluctant to accept photography as an 
art, especially photo shot for a magazi ne. 

This show embodies the old cliche, a picture is worth 1,000 
words. The only way to completely appreciate it i to go and see it 
yourself. 

UCSD Men's Basketball 
vs. 

Gordon College 
(coached by former UCSD coach John Block) 

THIS FRIDAY, JAN. 6 
8:00PM . MAIN GYMNASIUM 

Followed by 
Live Band - Dance 

RECGYM 

ICRHA invites you to join them in welcoming 
Fifth College! 

Sponsored by 
Intercollegiate Athlctl Inter .ollcgc Residence Iiall A sociati n 

8 ~! R r lJ ~ JnnUnR~ Ii, :980 


