
Inside ... OPINION FEATURES SPORTS 
• OPINION 
• FEATURES 
• SPORTS 

4 
10 
20 

Burning Th. Red, 
White and Blue 4 'nside the UCSD Day Care Center 7 0 

w. Soccer To 
Host Nationals 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

UC And Local Officials 
Break Ground On New 
Aquarium At Scripps 
By MARY BErry HEARD 
Staff Writer 

Twenty years of planning cul-
minated on Friday when UC and 
local officials broke ground at the 
future site of the Stephen Birch 
Aquarium-Museum. 

The aquarium-museum will be 
located on a grassy knoll over-
looking the Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography (SIO) and the Pa-
cific Ocean. 

"The public aquarium is so 
important a part of the commu-
nity," said Director Emeritus Wil-
liam Nierenberg of SIO during the 
ground-breaking ceremony. 

Scripps Aquarium-Museum Don 
Wilkie, the idea of building a new 
aquarium was first considered in 
1966. However it was not until 
1976 that designs and plans began 
to be drafted. 

Wilkie said that Scripps' goal 
was to build the smallest facility to 
meet their needs and still be self-
sufficient. 

The design finally agreed on 
will take $10 million to build, 
according to Scripps. Part of the 
expense will be covered by loans 
and user fees, but $6 million of the 
money was donated by the Stephen 

, and Mary Birch Foundation. 

VOLUME 68, #14 MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6,1989 

"One can consider the Scripps 
Aquarium as our gift to the people 
of La Jolla," he said. 

The Stephen and Mary Birch 
Foundation, founded by Stephen 
Birch in 1938, is a non-profit cor-
poration concerned with education, 
medical research and s('cial serv-
ice objectives. 

UC and local officials, including UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson, join in the groundbreaking 
ceremonies at the future site of the Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum. 

San Diego County Supervisor 
Susan Golding explained the im-
portance of the new aquarium 
saying that "the children [of the 
community] would get to see what 
they normally couldn't see and 
become interested in the sciences." 

Others who spoke at the cere-
mony also expressed hope that the 
children of San Diego will be posi-
tively influenced by the new aquar-
ium. 

Among the speakers were UC 
Regent Oair Burgener and Chan-
cellor Richard Atkinson. 

"The aquarium [will be] a truly 
rich intellectual experience," At-
kinson said. 

According to Director of 

Patrick Patek, trustee for the 
foundation presented Scripps with 
the $6 million grant. 

Director of the Birch Founda-
tion Rose Patek said, "When we 
heard that the aquarium was in 
planning, we were concerned 
whether or not it would go through. 
We thought that a new aquarium 
was important. We wanted to make 
it happen." 

The aquarium will be acces-
sible from North Torrey Pines Rd. 
where a new intersection will be 
constructed in addition to a main 
entrance to U~SD and the new 
aquarium. 

Director of Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography Edward Frieman 
alluded in his speech to objections 
to the aquarium made by home-
owners who live on the ridge be-
hind the building site. Wilkie said 
that local residents have been 
concerned about the possible traf-
fic problems and obstruction of 
their ocean view caused the new 
intersection. 

According to Wilkie, one stipu-
lation in building the aquarium was 
that it couldn't rise higher than the 
natural tree line. The building will 
also be screened by bushes. 

Wilkie said homeowners were 
assured that the new aquarium 

See SCRIPPS, page 3 

Michael Foulks/Guardian 
False Alarm - A fire alarm in the Natatorium adjacent to the UCSD Gym forced the evacuation of 
the gym in the middle of a Women's Volleyball match Friday night. Story in Sports, page 20. 

Grads Vote 'Yes' On 
Mandatory Insurance 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Contributing Writer 

Graduate students overwhelm-
ingly voted for a mandatory health 
plan in a referendum last week. 

Voting on the referendum con-
cluded Thursday, with a 48'.7 per-
cent turnout of eligible graduate 
student voters. 

Ninety-two percent of the stu-
dents who voted on a referendum 
returned affirmative vot~s, and 
eight percent voted no. The ~fer­
endum, if approved 'by the UC 
Regents, will require all graduate 
students at UCSD to'sh.ow proof of 
enrollment in a health insurance 
plan. Graduate Stude"ts without a 
current health plan would pay an 
extra fee of $300 that would gi,ve 
them coverage for such medical 
needs as pregnancy, dentill care . 
and surgery. 

The results of the referendum 
will be sent to the ,UC Regents, 
who will decide wbether or .not to 
approve the fee increase before 
students will be required to pay t~e 
additional fees. 

"The Regents will doubtle 
approve [the referendum]," said 
Randy Giles, Graduate ' Student 
A ociation (GSA) internal vice 
president. 

Giles said the Office of the 
President (OP) pressured the cam-
puse to vote on referenda 0 a 
health policy could be put into 
place by Jan. I, 1990. unaware that 

only UCSD had initiated negotia-
tions with insurance companies on 
its own. 

According to GSA President 
Norman Tien, the OP said that the 
UC would start paying forresearch 
and teaching assistants' health 
benefits next quarter if the UC 
campuses passed referendums in 
favor of a mandatory health policy 
in fall quarter. 

The UC Student Association 
(UCSA) called the' mandatory 

'policy "b,lackmail" in a media 
advisory, saying that,the UC was 
slighting the students by trying to 
for:ce a policy. ' 
, The UCSA also said th~t RAs 

and TAs wo~l~ receiveastipe!ld to 
'cover the costs, of a 'h~th plan, 
. but, . since the 'stipe,nd would be 
taxable, it wouldn't cover the cost 
of the plan. . 

Both Giles an<:i rien said the 
RA and TA benefits ,would proba-
bly be paid by fee waivers or re-
mission, meaning ,that RAs and 
T As will not pay the quarterly. fee. 

The OP later revers~ its po i-
tion on holding the referendum fall 
quarter after discovering that the 
other UC campu ~s were unpre-
pared to hold a referendum and 
told the campuse that there was 
no rush, according to Tien. 

The OP al 0 aid that no bene-
fits will be paid for RAs and T As to 
any campu until a mandatory 
health plan is in place on each 
individual campu • Tien added. 



UCNEWS 
Isla Vista Halloween Celebration 
Quieter Than In Past Years 

Midtenns at UCSB and a mid-week date apparently 
kept the annual Halloween celebration in Isla Vista from 
becoming the riotous, unruly affair it has been in the past 
few years. 

Isla Vista, the traditional place to celebrate Hallow-
een for many UC tudents from around the state, was 
thronged by an approximated 15.000 on each of the pre-
Halloween weekend nights. However, Halloween night 
itself was relatively quiet. 

Sherriffs Deputy Don Patterson, who has been work-
ing Isla Vista Halloween since 1979, said Halloween 
night wa like a "slow Saturday night" He said the 
number of celebrants was the "least amount of people" 
he's ever seen on Halloween in Isla Vista, but that 
officers had still made "about as many arrests [this 
Halloween}" as on a normal Halloween. As of 12:30 
a.m., 50 arrests had been made, and 150 citations issued. 

Officials did not offer any estimate of how many 
celebrants took to the streets for All Hallow's Eve. 

Weapons seemed to be the order of the day, as Santa 
Barbara Sheriff's Department officers confiscated from 
one celebrant approximately 120 live rounds of M-60 
machine-gun ammunition, complete with tracers, ac-
cording to Dianna Halliburton, administrative assistant 
forthelsla Vista Foot Patrol. Although itis illegal for any 
private citizen to possess such munition, the man was not 
arreste because he seemed unaware of their danger or 
origin. 

By Maxwell C. Donnelly 
Daily Nexus 

UCSB Health Boycotts Anacin 
and Advil To Protest Companies 

Joining a nationwide boycott of American Home 
Products Inc. (AHP), UCSB Student Health Services has 
ceased supplying Advil and Anacin pain relievers to 
student patients. 

The boycott, begun by the Minneapolis-based Action 
for Corporate Accountability, comes as part of the rein-
statement of a six-year campaign against Nestle Corpo-

What 'President. 
is known for his 
famous chartg'e? 

1(/1(NovEJZ7 ,<\f<.E 
TliEKeI{TO WINN ING' 

Fa?T!3A U. G4ME:; 

INlews 
ration forthe company's alleged practice of "dumping" 
infant formula. 

In a memo posted for students at Student Health 
Services, the practice of dumping infant formula is 
des ribed as a rna distribution of free samples to 
mothers in Third World countries. When the mothers 
become accustomed to using infant fomlula and stop 
breast feeding their children, their own breasts stop 
producing milk. 

Because many Third World inhabitants have limited 
or no access to clean water, mothers feeding their chil-
dren the formula often use unsafe water to dilute the 
drink and to clean the infant bottles, according to repre-
sentatives from Action for Corporate Accountability. 

Hannful microorganisms in the water can cause 
illness and death in infants fed in this way and the cost 
of the formula is an economic burden to families with an 
already meager income, according to ACA. 

"Nestle is the largest [supplierofinfant formula) and 
American Home Products is the next largest promoter," 
said ACA spokesperson Carol Salmon. "When we re-
newed the boycott, we decided to target two companies 
to show that Nestle is not the only company that does 
this," she said. 

AHP defends its position in the Third World and 
believes the boycott is unjustified. 

"There was a need for [infant formula] and there is 
still a need for it," AHP spokesperson Carol Emerling 
said. 

By Mariko Thompson 
Dai/yNexus 

UCSC Students Aid In Santa 
Cruz's Earthquake Recovery 

The earthquake that rocked Northern California Oct. 
17 has stirred large numbers of students there into ac-
tion. At UC Santa Cruz, only 10 miles from theepicen-
ter, damage was minimal, but concem is high for por-
tions of the city hit hardest by the second worst earth-
quake in U.S. history. 

More than 150 students already have contributed 
volunteer hours to help quake victims, according to 
Susan Burcaw, volunteer coordinator at Santa Cruz. 

Services provided by the student volunteers have 
included baby-sitting, staffing homeless shelters, clear-
ing rubble and translating Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency materials into Spanish. 

"It helps that students are very versatile, both in the 
kinds of skills they can provide and the hours they are 

by Jeff Mac Nelly 

I IIIO/llOEilZ. ... I~ 1lIIORf 
~UVt1 A 1J.I1N6" AG A 

AlAI- VIrANT? 

l 'UI1AVE. TWO MORE. OF 
'TUG. Af'Pl,6 -aNNAMOfIJ 

willing to work. We've had students working shifts 
through the night when nece ary:' Burcaw aid. 

The volunteer effort will continue for at least the next 
several weeks, and possibly into next year as well. 

Although the earthquake was a major tragedy, Santa 
Cruz is making the best of a bad situation. 

" A lot of students have been pitching in, clearing 
rubble and helping the homeless," said Deidre Martin, of 
the Califomia Public Interest Research Group, a student 
organization in Santa Cruz that coordinates volunteers to 
aid the homeless. "It's really great to see the community 
pull together when something like this happens." 

Students at UC Berkeley, and at a number of other 
schools throughout California, also are assisting in earth-
quake relief efforts. Students are raising funds, distribut-
ing food and clothing and helping to staff emergency 
shelters. 

At Stanford University, students helped re-shelve 
more than 750,000 books that had been toppled over at 
the school's library during the quake. 

-National Student News Service 

Estonian Students Speak About 
Their Homeland At UCSB 

Seven Soviet students visiting UCSB as part of an 
exchange program with Tallinn Technical University in 
Estonia were bombarded with questions on politics, 
media, sex and everyday life during a panel discussion 
last week. 

UCSB students were keenly interested in the stu-
dents' views on the Estonian political climate, asking 
about Gorbachev and his new policies as well as the 
future of the Estonian state. 

"I think\in Moscow there are very many conservative 
people, so it's difficult for [GorbachevJ to remain [in 
powerJ," Estonian student Marilin Kvell said. "But he's 
changing some of them, too." 

Fellow Estonian Urmo Vallner said that "Gorbachev 
is the best man that has ever been in the Soviet Union." 
But despite Gorbachev's positive influence on the Soviet 
Union, Vallner still hopes to see Estonian independence, 
an opinion the other students agreed with. 

"Approximately 40 years ago we were independent, 
and maybe 40 years isn't such a long time," said Estonian 
student Gunnar Kraft. 

The students also explained that the Soviet govern-
ment tries to shape world perception through the media. 

Vallner said that "our [government) is making 
[America) very dark and black," just as American media 
often portray the USSR as an "Evil Empire." 

"But then,l never believe our newspapers," Vallner 
said. 

By Kim Kash 
Daily Nexus 

( SPOTLIGHTJ 
UCSD Students Asked To Help 
San Diego Area Children 

UCSD students are needed to volunteer at the 
children's waiting rooms in county courthouses in San 
Diego and Vista. Volunteers are needed 3-1/2 houfl\ a 
week to help children whose parents are involved in 
court cases through a stressful time and prevent their 
being left unattended in the hallways. To volunteer call 
694-3211. 

Active Students for Kids, a program where UCSD 
students tutor at-risk San Diego school children, is hav-
ing an information night on Wed., Nov. 8 in the Santa 
Barbara Room of the Price Center at 8:30 pm. Volunteers 
are also needed to help in San Diego classrooms in the 
areas of fine arts, sports and computers. 

Fermi Institute Announces Post-
Doctoral Fellowship Openings 

The Enrico Fermi and Robert R. McCormick Post-
doctoral Fellowships are awarded on a competitive basis 
to recent Ph.D. recipients in physics, astrophYSics, geo-
physics, chemistry or mathematics. Fellowships are 
awarded for a two-year term and carry a stipend of 
$32,500 annually with an additional allocation of up to 
$3,000 per year for independent research support. For 
more information regardmg the fellowships, write to the 
director of the Enrico Fermi lnstitute at 5640 South Ellis 
Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60637 before Dec. 1,1989. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

Monday, November 6,1989 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCRIPPS: 
Aquarium 
Dedicated 
Continued from page 1 
would pose few problems for them. 

"Most [local] objections disap-
peared once [residents) realized 
that we are sensitive to their con-
cerns, " sa id Wilkie. 

Addressing the possibilty that 
the new aquarium could cause traf-
fic problems, Wilkie said that the 
present aquarium receives an aver-
ageof 500,000 visitors annually, 
and aquarium traffic would not 
have a noticeable impact on the 
amount of traffic already present 
on North Torrey Pines Rd. 

After her speech, Councilmem-
ber Abbe Wolfsheimer of the 1st 
District presented Frieman with a 
proclamation from the county of 
San Diego "commending and con-
gratulating those involved in the 
production of the new aquarium." 

Wilkie summed up the general 
attitude of the assembled group in 
saying that the groundbreaking for 
the museum marks "the beginning 
of the culmination of a dream." 

Several portable restrQOms were placed on the Revelle Plaza 
this weekend due to problems with water pressure in the Revelle 
dorms. 

Lights & Sirens 
The following are selected entries from the UCSD police activity log book for the period 
from Sunday, Oct. 29 through Saturday, Nov. 4. 

Sunday, Oct. 29 
8:10 a.m.: A student received lewd phone calls from an unknown male suspect at 7:30 a.m. 
at the Fifth Dorms. . 
7:05 p.m.: Obscene phone calls were reported at a Revelle dOrm. 

Monday, Oct. 30 
8:14 a.m.: Arson was reported by a contractor at the School of International Relations and 
Pacific Studies. Carpet scraps were burned. Unknown damage was done to one room of the 
building. 

Wednesday, Nov. 1 
7:41 p.m.: A l7-year-old male non-student was arrested forlewd conduct following a report 
of possible car prowlers. The suspect was taken to Juvenile Hall and his vehicle was 
impounded. 

Friday, Nov. 3 
4:28 p.m.: A 37-year-old male non-student was arrested for prowling in the ladies restroom 
at Canyon view Recreation Center. The suspect reportedly resisted arrest by attempting to run 
down the arresting officer with his late model Nissan pickup truck. • 
Saturday, Nov. 4 
10:02 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a grey 1985 Toyota minivan . Loss: $6,000. 
4:48 p.m.: A 33-year-old non-student male was arrested in one of the parking lots for four 
outstanding felony warrants. The suspect had escaped from a county work fann. 

-Compiled by Scott Lanterman 

More than Copies 

open 24 hours 
Instant Passport Photos 
Fax Service 
Self Serve Macintosh TN 

Pick Up & Delivery 
Laser Typesetting 

Binding 
New Services Will Include: 

Laminating Color Copies 
Oversize Copies & more! 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Square 

Call for the location nearest you. 

The Fast Food Phenomenon at Costa Verde Food Pavillion 

No Grease, 
No Junk Food 
Serped Here! 

Only the 
Service is 

Fast! 

Every Item 
is Unique! Remarkable Flavors Without the 

•••••••••• 

EDESSERT 
Through Christmas 

with Purchase 
of any Sandwich 
or Entree Salad 

with this coupon 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Eat Hearty 
Eat Healthy 

Not Your Typical 
~ ~ Fast Foodwich! 

8m) em; L-__________________ •••••••••••••••••••• __________________ -.J 



4 OPINION The U CSD Guardian Monday, November 6, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DAVID WYNER, Managing Editor 
A TO BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERI E DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The Gu:udl3n .s pubhshed [\t.1Ce ""edo.!)' It 1M UnIVersity of California. San 01C80. ConlcntS C1989. 
Vir:~'s expressed herein rtp~nllhe ~ty vote o( the ooilorial board, and art not ntCCe3lsanly dIOse 

of lhe UC Board or Re,ent~ •• he ASUCSO nor lhe enu~ ClUJrdJ,a,. Starr. 

Flag Burning 

Freedom and Dissent 
The images of the American flag burning on Capitol steps last 

week were painful. Here was the desecration of a symbol of all 
the rights the United States tands for - freedom of religion, due 
process . .. and free expression. 

The fact that the hooligans burning the flag were practicing 
their right to free expression made the sight no less painful. But 
what made it more painful was that the flag wouldn't have been 
burned if it weren't for the passage of a bad law - the pathetic, 
hypocritical attempt by the nation's legislators to overturn the 
courageous Supreme Court decision. 

It is easy to de-
one doe n't find 

fend expression that 
personally offen-
Americans aren 't sive. Most 

Muslim 
have a 
religion. 
tion at the 
tallie: Verses 

and, in fact, don 't 
good attitude toward the 
Thus righteous indigna-
opposition to The Sa-

Americans 
at the protesters 
Last Temptation of Christ. After all, 
Christians, but most aren't very reli-
ion was still on the side of free speech. 

But then they burned the flag. This 
people felt strongly about. Memories of 
about the flag resonated in the national 

Francis Scott Key writing "The Star 
ner." Senator John McCain telling of his 
Vietnam, when the prisoners awoke each 
pledged allegience to piece of red, white 
The images of flags draped over the cof-
diers and fallen presidents. 

was easy to muster. 
weren't quite as angry 
against the film The 
many Americans are 
gious, so public opin-

was something most 
stories 

conciousnes . 
Spang led Ban-
time as a POW in 
morning and 
and blue string. 
fins offaIlen sol-

Flag burning is a type of expression Arne ric an s 
findoffensive, and politicians, always in tune with the 
zeitgeist, came frighteningly close to weaken ing the First Amend-
ment because of it. But what is the point of selling out one's be-
liefs and values in the name of protecting them? 

Flag burning is hardly commonplace (and was virtually non-
existent before the politicians stirred things up). Moreover, any-
one who bums a flag faces not only an angry crowd, but a host of 
other laws against fires in public places, inciting a riot and so on. 
In the case which started this furor, the flag that was being burned 
didn't belong to the burner, so he could have been charged with 
destruction of public property as well. 

Calls for censorship are commonplace. People object to movies, 
books - even political cartoons. But giving in to these demands 
would be dangerous. Most Americans don't have too much con-
fidence in their "leaders," so it's amazing they are willing to con-
template allowing politicians to decide what expression is ac-
ceptable. 

People who bum the flag believe the United States is a fascist 
state, one which commits atrocities and is to blame for many of 
the world's problem. We may strongly disagree with this view, 
but allowing them to express it serves several func tions. First, it 
demonstrates the weakness of their position; just allowing the ex-
pression proves the United States is not fascist. Second, suppress-
ing expression of such views means that the arguments against 
them are also silenced. Wrong ideas are more likely to thrive in 
a repressive environment than in a free one (take South Africa, for 
example). 

Finally, allowing thi s sort of expression keeps Americans' 
rights intact. Ltmits offree speech may seem acceptable when it 's 
the other per~on 's ~peech being limited, but very oon, it's your 
own expression that is being censored. 

Watchlllg a flag bum may be painful. But ineffective fonns of 
political protest don't thrive. Virtually no one will be swayed 10 
the cau:.e of a flag burner; in fact, it ' :" obvious they will react very 
negatively. Without laws outlawing flag burning, flag will still 
be afe - and so will our right:. . 

Steve Benson Political Cartoon Offensive 
Editor: 

I have just been handed a copy of 
the Benson cartoon that was printed 
in the Oct. 30 Guardian. It is incon-
ceivable to me thatthis was printed in 
a paper which indirec tly represents 
the University of California. 

The portrayal of a woman who is 
pro-choice a a Nazi-like figure is, as 
one professor stat ed, ob scene . 
Whether a person is pro-life or pro-
choice is up to that individual, and 
political satire of the is ue i to be ex-
pected. 

But to label women with the crude 
caricature used by Mr. Benson, and 
then to print that cartoon in a newspa-
per which represents a highly respected university 
such as UCSD, is almost frightening in its implica-
tions. 

Mr. Benson has brought prejudice against women 
out of the 1950s closet. His chauvinistic use of the 
tenn booty, with its double entendre; his black 
annband with "NOW's Cows" written on it; the 
femini t portrayed as loudmouthed, aggressive and 
masculine- all of these are indicative of a man who 
views a woman positively only if, when she gets 
home from work, she spends her time in front of a 
stove, preferably on her knees, with his dirty laundry 
as her most precious po session. and singing "I'm 
Having His Baby" with tears of gratitude glistening 
in her eyes. 

Then there is the deeper meaning of her words in 
his cartoon. Are Mr. Benson and the editors of The 
Guardian saying that the women who are brutally 
raped (over9l,IIO reported cases in 1987, with only 
10 to 20 percent of all rapes being reported th is figure 
reaches closer to one million), and the young women 
whose bodies are used and whose psyches are abused 
by their relatives, are NOT the victims? 

Are we, as women, once again relegated to that 

void of non-being, our bodies our own only when not 
fertile, or not connected to a male partner? How dare 
you try to take away my sense of self, my right to the 
dignity of self preservation. 

It is not the women of the world who have aban-
doned their children for hundreds of years; it is not 
the women who have cut back d rast icaH y on funds to 
social welfare agencies that support thechildren who 
have been abandoned by their fathers. Bush as pro-
tector of the nation's children? You as my mentor to 
the "true fem inine essence"? 

And the final insult by the editors of The Guard-
ian: this priceles gem of a cartoon was pri nted 
directly under a letter to the editor denouncing yet 
another sexual slur against the women of thi cam-
pus. The chauvinism and lack of respect for women 
in this page layout only reinforce my anger at the 
children running this paper. 

As a member of the UCSD community, I demand 
a printed apology to all the women and men of this 
campus. Isn't it bad enough that UCSD is known as 
the white campus? Must we be labeled male su-
premacist also? 

Victoria E. Magyar 

Burning the Flag Should Be Illegal 
Editor : 

I am writing in response to the 
Oct. 12 article "ASUC Contests 
FlagBumingt aw."Forthosewho 
did not read it, the article told of 
the plans of the Associated Stu-
dents of UC Berkeley to contend 
legislation for flag burning. 

I believe that flag burn ing 
shoul d be a federal crime. To me, 
the flag represents freedom, which 
is what our country stands for. 

I realize that those who oppose 

flag burning legislation feel that 
the legislation represses our free-
dom of expression. I feel that there 
are many other ways for people to 
express themselves without burn-
ing the flag. 

The flag should be a symbol of 
our patriotism toward our nation. 
At a young age I, like most of us, 
was taught to honor the flag with 
the Pledge of Allegiance. The flag 
stands for ..... liberty and justice 
for all ." Why should anyone feel 

the need to protest such a wonder-
ful concept? 

Our country is one of the great 
nations in the world that offers 
freedom. Weare priv ileged to live 
in such a country. Since our flag 
represents the principles of this 
nation, I believe we should look 
upon the flag with pride and ven-
eration. To bum the flag would be 
an abuse of our freedoms and a 
dishonor to our country. 

Lynnae Douma 

Monday, November 6, 1989 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

I Wasn't There • • • But it Hit Home 
GiiAknIAN Cl 

Story and Photos by 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Editor 

I wasn ' t there when it happened. 
I was headed to my friends' place after 

school when the earthquake struck at 5:04 
p.m. on Tuesday, Oct. 17. It was supposed to 
be my friend 's 20th birthday celebration, 
but for me, this party was no celebration. 

When I flipped on the television at about 
5:20. I saw an overhead shot of the big fire 
in the Marina District and heard Ted Koppel 
saying that .... .there has been an earth-
quake ..... For me, this party was over. 

Unaware of the quake's severity. my ini-
tialthoughts centered around the Bay Area 
World Series between the Oakland A's and 
the San Francisco Giants. What about the 
game? Are they going to play, or what? 
Then the Goodyear Blimp relayed a shot of 
the collapsed section of the Bay Bridge. 

That's when it hit home. 
Growing up in Beric:eley ,a ci ty in the East 

Bay adjacent to Oakland, I have driven 
across the Bay Bridge hundreds of times. 
This summer, I work.ed as a news intern for 
KGO-TV Channel 7, the ABC affiliate in 
San Francisco, and drove across the bridge 
at least four times a week. For me, the Bay 
Bridge - not the Golden Gate - epito-
mizes the Bay Area and symbolizes home. 
To see part of it collapsed was devastating. 

[ sat in front of the TV for the next seven 
hours, moving only occasionally to pick up 
the phone and attempt to reach my parents. 
But the phone lines were down, the power 
was out in much of the Bay Area - and as 
far as I was concerned, the whole world 
might as well have been without power. It 
seemed as if the more [ watched. the worse 
the situation became. 

As I sat there, the drama and far-reaching 
effects of the quake began to unfold. ABC. 
NBC. CBS and CNN had constant earth-
quake coverage from the moment it oc-
curred unti I well into the night. I kept tuned 
to ABC, which was letting KGO-TV take 
care of most of the coverage. 

It wasn't until well into the night. how-
ever, that the destuction of the Nimitz free-
way in West Oakland could be correctly 
identified or even realized. The blimp had 
provided some shots of a freeway that ap-
peared to have collapsed in sections. but the 
national newscasters were not able to pin-
point where it was or what exactly had 
happened. 

My parents finally managed to get through ' 
to tell me they were okay - which was a 
relief - but the images I was seeing on the 
television screen told me everything was far 
from okay. 

As with the Bay Bridge, I have driven on 
the Nimitz - including the section where it 
collapsed - countless times. From Nonh 
Berk.eley. it's the only direct way to the 
Oakland Coliseum. where the A's play. 

When I was driving home from school 
with a friend at the beginning of last sum-
mer, I got stuck for nearly an hour on the 
lower level of the Nimitz. right where it fell. 
[ remember that particular traffic jam well 
- I was tired from sitting in a truck for about 
six hours after driving all the way from 
Southem California, and the last thing I 
wanted to deal with was traffic. Now, after 
the earthquake, traffic jams seem relatively 
unimponant. 

It should have been one of the Bay Area's 
fi nest hours. The Bay Bridge Series was 
what many re ident of the Bay Area -
including myself - had been dreaming of 
for years. The two major league cities -
Oakland and San Frunci 0 - were proud 
of their respecti ve ballclubs, and it eemed 
as if a rivalry was brewing. When the quake 
hit , it seemed at first that what should have 

The driver of this Chevron truck came within a split second of death when a section of the Nimitz collapsed in Oakland. 

The flattened Nimitz extended for a mile and a quarter along Cypress Street in West 
Oakland (above), while houses and apartment buildings in the hard-hit Marina 
District of San Francisco were condemned and reduced to rubble (below). 

been one of the Bay Area's finest hours had 
turned into one of its worst. 

But people from the Bay Area and all 
around the country came together to help out 
with the recovery process, financially and 
otherwise. It was as if there was no distinc-
tion between Oakland, San Francisco, Santa 
Cruz and anywhere else in the Bay Area. 

In West Oakland, where the freeway col-
lapsed. local re idents volunteered to help 
out wi th the rescue efforts. In San Franc isco's 
Marina District, volunteers worked to put 
out the fires and set up helters for the 
homeless. In Santa Cruz, perhaps the most 
devastated of all the cities hit by the quake. 
people tried desperately to recover a person 
who was trapped undemeath a fallen build-

ing. All over the Bay Area, Caltrans work.-
ers, firefighters and other rescue people 
woric:ed around the clock to try to save lives 
and repair damages. 

For those driving northbound on the 
double-decker section of the Nimitz, how-
ever, not much could be done. It was rush 
hour, and many people were probably driv-
ing home to watch what should have been 
game three of the Series. In a plit second, 
without warning, their entire world caved 
in. 

How doe one prepare for omething like 
this? 

In the days that followed the quake. the 
media wamed people all over the country to 
be prepared if such a disaster occurs in their 

Dramatic as it may have been, the over-
all significance of the Bay Bridge Series 
was thoroughly minimalized. 

town. 
As far as I'm concerned, trying to pre-

pare for a major earthquake is impossible-
it's like trying to prepare for a nuclear at-
tack. 

After the quake, San Diego media con-
sistently asked and attempted to answer the 
question: "Is San Diego ready for the big 
one?" 

Of course it 's not. No city is - and 
there's only so much one can do to eliminate 
imminent disaster other than completely re-
building the city or moving it elsewhere. 

I finally made it up to the Bay Area last 
weekend to see game four of the Series after 
a couple of cancellations. It was a good 
game - perhaps the only good game (in 
terms of excitement) during the Series. 
Having been an A's fan since age eight, I 
was naturally pleased when the last out was 
recorded. But there was something different 
about this Series - something was obvi-
ously missing. 

It was evident as soon as the quake struck 
- when ABC sportscaster Al Michaels 
turned into a newscaster, reporting on de-
tails of the earthquake. 

It was evident in Sports Illustrated, the 
country's foremost spons magazine, when 
the effects of the earthquake were featured 
on the front cover for one issue, but the NBA 
basketball preview was highlighted in the 
i sue after the A' won the World Series. 

It was evident when the A's elected notto 
include champagne in their celebration, with 
respect for those who died during the quake. 

The 1989 World Series will go down in 
hi tory a the one that time forgot - it was 
the Series that was overshadowed by devas-
tation and tragedy. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 6, 1989 

Justice and Due Process The Guardian indirectly uggests 'Girl Calendars' Not Sexist 
that she shouldn't have. 

Editor: 
The right to appeal is a funda-

mental element of our nation's 
judicial system. The Guardian's 
Oct. 30 editorial , though, makes 
the mistake of forgetting this. 

]n the editorial's package of 
proposed A.S. electoral reforms, 
the argument is made that "the 
A.S. Judicial Board should only 
overrule the Election Committee 
if the ca e i truly egregious." 

In this, the right 10 appeal ha 
been to sed out the window. A 
per the election bylaw , though, 
the Judicial Board is the ultimate 
end of any campaign controver-
sies. 

TheElectionCommineeisonly 
one tep up the ladder. Simply, a 

"Before I went 
to Diet Center, 
I couldn't fit 
in thisad~' 

usa" ait,'james 
T"'ll \ <:<lr' ,lgO. I couldll't lo'l' 
a 'LUbborn 20 p(lulKb B'J( 
ollce I J')llled Dle( Centl'r, (h,ll 
e-,(ra Wl'lgJlllll,.lppe:lrl'u for 
gooJ . If \lIU " ';lnt (() Iw,l' 
\\elgh( f.l,t, cdl DI·ete 
Dlel Cel1ter 
The\ '1\ Ill.lhl' Center' 
.1 be'lIe\ er out 
()f ~-()U r ...... r.'lJt I.Jlr-!rs ...... I, ~ 

DIET CENTER OF UNIVERSITY CITY 
3202 QovenlOr Dr, .204 · 587-1776 
Bit! &ar Slwpping Center & Regent. 

decision of the Comminee is ap-
pealable to the Board. 

The Guardian wishes to 
strengthen the authority of the 
Election Committee so that the 
election process won't "deterio-
rate further." I don't understand 
why a strong Judicial Board 
couldn't accomplish the same 
thing. That's why there is a strong 
Board. 

Julia Ramirez correctly think 
thai the election bylaws "mu t be 
strictly enforced . .. if they are to 
have any meaning," yet she and 
The Guardian forget that it is the 
Board's role, ultimately, to 
"strictly" enforce the bylaws, not 
the Election Committee. 

]n addition, the only way the 
Committee could appropriate this 
power from the Board is if the 
right of appeal was revoked or 
severely limited. Using the 
editorial's own word, "this is 
inherently undemocratic." 

Mishka Migacz had a right to 
an appeal of the Election 
Committee's decision against her. 

The Guardiall also suggests that 
the Board shouldn't meddle in 
election affairs. The real issue, 
though, is the degree of the Judi-
cial Board's power. 

Those upset with the Board's 
decision in favor ofMigacz, over-
turning the Election Committee'S 
ruling, would very much like to 
see a reduction of the Board's 
authority. 

This way, gaining control only 
of the Election Committee would 
be the tactic of a slate or of a 
candidate interested in winning 
dishonestly. 

I'm very disappointed that The 
Guardian stands on the ide of 
these selfish, misguided individu-
als rather than on the side of jus-
tice and due process. 

J. R. Stolze 

Editor: 
I am writing in regard to the 

letter protesting your inclusion of 
a "disgustingly sexist" advertise-
ment. 

The writer of that letter com-
plained that the ad was sexist 
because it advertised a calendar 
called "A-Swimsuit-A-Day," 
which features pictures of bikini-
clad girls in alluring poses. The 
author called these pictures mi-
sogynistic and stated that the ad 
implies that only heterosexual 
males are thought of as students at 
this university. 

In my opinion, such pictures 
are neither misogynistic nor sex-
ist. Does a misogynist surround 
himself with images of the object 
of his hate? Is it sexist to admire 
beautiful women? 

The UCSD Guardian welcome. Jette,. from dudeDb, faculty and 
.taft'. Drop your Jetter at the GuCll'dian olllen lID the old 8tudeDt 
CeDter, where the A.S. omcn uaed to be) or mall It to OplDiOD 
Editor, Guardian, UC8D. 8-016, La Jolla. CA 83093. Letten ahould 
be typed, double·.paced and mould IDducle a .lpature and phoDe 
number. We reserve the riCht to edit Jetten for leDCtb and clarity. 

The human form is a beautiful 
thing and will arouse interest both 
aesthetic and erotic. For this rea-
son, attractive women, and men, 
will al ways be portrayed artisti-
cally in every medium of art. 

Some people might argue that 
"A-Swimsuit-A-Day" is not art. If 
so, who is qualified to make such 
a judgement? Is a photograph of a 
girl in a bikini moreoffensi ve than 
Boticelli 's "The Birth Of Venus"? 

Glamour phologmphy is a rec-
ognized branch of art. True, it is 
highly commercialized, but what 
art isn't? Consider the hype sur-
rounding the Faberge Eggs or the 
marketability of a Picasso or even 
something by Ansel Adams. I've 
seen calendars which display 
Ansel Adams' work. 

Girl caleQdars are not sexist, 
and the Guardian should continue 
to accept uch advertisements, 
since there is a market for them at 
UCSD. Not all the students here 
are heterosexual males, but a sub-
stantial number of us are. 

Juan Bacalski 

EDUCATIONAL DISCOUNT PROGRAM 
BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIALS! 

MiniSport laptop is a six pound XT compatible 
w ,th a 8 Mhz 8088 processor, a 2- 720 K drive, 
bocklit superlwist LCD screen, parallel, serial and 
RGB parts, four hour battery and an AC adapter / 
charger. 
State 01 the art-l~hl, yet powerfull 

Z-28W/12 is a 12 Mhz 80286 zero wait state, small 
footprint desktop with a 20 MB hard disk, 1 MS RAM, 
one 3 .5- Aoppy drive, a mouse, parallel port and 2 serial 
ports and a 14- fTM color monitor. With MS DOS and 
Microsoft Windows with Write and Paint. 
Low cost, yet powerfull 

SuperSport 184~R laptop is a XT compatible with dual 
speed 8/4.77 Mhz 8088 processor, a 3.5- 720K drive, 
640K RAM, 20 MB hard disk, full size backlit superlwist LCD 
screen, parallel, serial and RGB ports, four hour battery, a 
300/1200 Baud modem and an AC adapter/charger. 
Don't leave for class without it. 

SuperSport 286 is an 80286, switchable 12/6 nz, 
zero wait state laptop with a 20 MB hard disk, a 
3.5- 1.4 MB Aoppy drive, 1 MB of RAM, parallel 
port, serial port, and a full size backlit supertwist LCD 
screen. Includes Microsoft DOS software. 
Fast, powerful and portable. 

Z·386/20 Model .40 is an 80386 
desktop running al 20 Mhz with 1 MB of 
RAM, a mouse, a 3.5- 1.4 MB floppy 
drive and a 14- color FTM monitor. 
Includes MS DOS and Microsoft 
Windows with Write and Paint. 

SPECIAL SOFTWARE OFFER 
Microsoft Word and E)[cel 
bundle with any qste. $103 

with 1 MB RAM 
$1236 

with 2MB RAM $1730 
$2061 

8 Mhz version 
$1855 

$1752 

$2473 
with 40 MB hard disk 

$2782 

$3504 

UNIVERSI1Y 
~~~ 
1:111IUf.1(1)01 
UCSD data 

systems 
THE QUALITY GOES IN BEFORE THE NAME GOES ON ' 

University Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
Store hours: Monday-fridoy 7:30 a.m.-6 p.m. 

Saturday 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

Monday, November 6, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Distinguished British Film Scholar 

THOMAS 
ELSAESSER 
will visit UCSD 
Winter Quarter 1990 

General Literature 180 
Early Cinema and the Emergence of 
Mass Entertainment 
The focus will be on Germany and the work of 
Fritz Lang will be specially featured. 

Recommended for 
Literature and 
Communications 
majors 

Space limited. 

t 

Health and Fitness 
Begin With 

Quality Health Care. 
Planned 

Parenthood 
offers 

• Routine gynecological 
exams 

• Pap smears 
• Bteast exams 
• Testing & treatment of 

sexually transmitted 
diseases 

• Contraceptive services 
• Pregnancy tests 
• Prenatal care 
• Abortion care 

Stay healthy with 
Planned Parenthood 

• Convenient hours . Affordable prices . 10 locations 

CALL 
231-6760 

for the office nearest you 

Planned Parenthood 
offering women-centered 
health care for more than 

twenty-five years 

V,SUAL ARTS DEPARTMENT - Winter Quarter J 990 
CHANGES 10 SOIfDUU Of CIASlil Several typographical errors were made in the 

Schedule of Classes. The following. three courses 
should be corrected for errors in time: 
VA 111 - Structure of Art 
The lecture is Wednesdays only (not Monday and 
Wednesday) 3-4:50 p.m. 
VA 123H - Images of Women 
The lecture times should be MW 1:00-2:20 (not 1-
2:50) 
VA 154 - Hard Look at the Movies 
Section 4 time should be Thursday 6:00-7:50 p,m. 
(not 5-6:50) 

O PEN ART HISTORY COURSES: 123H. Images of Women M-W 1:00-2:20 
Images of women were central to medieval and Renais-
sance art, reflecting the importance of women in the re-
ligious and social theories of the times. Eve, the first 
woman, and Mary, mother of God, were the two arche-
types which dominated the period's view of women, 
but saints, witches, goddesses, and courtly ladies also 
figured prominently in the art of churches, palaces and 
towns. This course explores what this rich variety of im-
ages reveals about medieval and Renaissance attitudes 
towards women; what role images of women played in 
the culture of daily life; and what impact they have had 
on representations of women in later art. Prerequisite: 
none; Westem Art II (VA 12), Art of the Middle Ages 
(VA 122A), and/or Art of the Renaissance (VA 122B) 
recommended. 

12SC. Matisse and Picasso T-Tb 1:00-2:20 
A study of two major artists of the early twentieth cen-
tury: Matisse and Picasso. Matisse, the "conservative" 
modern, and Picasso, the "radical" modern. Particular 
emphasis will be placed on the sources and effects of their 
respective innovations within their contemporary context. 
Prerequisite: none; Western Art II (VA 12) or Nineteenth 
and Twentieth Century Art (VA 14) recommended. 
126B. Polynesian Art T -Th 10:00-11:20 
The arts, dance, and myths of Polynesia evoke romantic 
visions, perhaps because it was one of the last areas on 
earth to be inhabited as well as being the last major cul-
ture to be rediscovered by the West. The course will study 
the aristocratic art systems that once flourished in the 
Society, Marquesas and Hawaiian Islands. The "myster-
ies" of Easter Island will be discussed along with the 
continuing tradition of the tapa-process in Tonga, Samoa, 
and Fiji. The role of the Maori artist as Tohunga, the 
symbolic council houses and the significance of tattooing 
will also be given special attention. Prerequisite: none; 
Non-Western Art (VA 13) recommended. 
1280. Topics in Modem Art T.,.Th 10:00-11:20 
(subtitle: Conceptual Art - Contents, Context, Aftermath) 
This class will offer a thorough introduction to the Con-
ceptual Art movement in the U.S. and Britain from the late 
1960s until the mid-70s. It will also seek to establish a 
context for the movement in contemporary criticism and 
philosophy, including theories of postmodernism, in 
social and political developments, and in relation to con-
temporary tendencies in the visual arts, performance, lit-
erature, etc. 

7 



8 OPINION 

r---------------------, FREE SCHOLARSHIP INFORMATION FOR STUDENTS WHO NEED 
MONEY FOR COu.EGE 

Every Student is Eligible tor Some Type of 
Financial Aid Regardless of Grades or Parental Income. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ETH SLATER. Editor III Chief 
DA VID WYNER. Mallagin!: Ediror 
ANTON BIITNER. News Edilor 
CATHERINE DILLE. News Ee/irar 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinioll Ediror 
DA A CHAIKEN. Associore Spons Ediror 
JAMES COLLIER. Fear,,/es Ediror 
BRYA DlAS. Mllsic &iilor 
RANDY DaTI GA, Copy fdiLOr 
PHIL GRUEN. Spons Ediror 
PATTY J E1T1 E. Arrs Ediror 
GAIL JOHNSO • Associare Phoro fdilor 

Monday, November 6, 1989 

~nlor tarrWrilfrs: Andrea Adlem:&n. Brilln )IOW, John Shaw 
St_" writers: Cynthia Campbell. OIrbtina HuiZ31. Mary Beu)' Heard. Julie Hcuulcr. Adam 
Levy. Jim Mulliner. Mordecai Poc.nh. David Policha. Audrey Lyn Wimercr, Sabrina 
Youmans 
Photoa;nph('rs; MIChael Amici, Grt, Beocs, James Collier. Jenni Kolsky. Cory LKillChlO. 
Frank Lum, Rnln Morris. Felix Zuni" 
IIIUS1 nuors: MlloCooptr. Rick ford. Tony Fuentes, Carin Lew, Bill Mallory, Mel Marec:lo, 
KaIY Ro<. Tyromc Tnpol! 
Typists: l.arry Bacharach. Melissa Fa""l. Len, Loh. Jim Mullmcr, Karl Bicken 
CoP) Readers: Holly Cooper. Greg HuffslUller. Julie Puton, Diane Ri&don. lc. Ie Sprin&er 
Produdiun: Sue Olen. Melinda Hamlhon. Chris Kovacs. Robin MoacLea.n. Jeff Yamaguchi 

1be UCSD Clwllian IS published Mondays and Thundays during Ihe 3cademk year 
by and (orlhe looenlSOr UCSD. Reproducdon ollhis newspaper in an)' (onn, ... helher in 
... OOle or in part ... ;Ihoul pennission is strictly prolliblled. C I989. all rleilis re.!icrved. • We have a data bank ot over 200,000 listings ot scholarshIps , 

fellowships, grants, and loans. representing over $10 billion In private 
sector funding . 

• Many scholarships are given to students based on their academic 
interests, career plans. family heritage and place of residence. 

ANCY MUNT ER. Associate lliallIs Edir"r 
JEFF QUAN, GraphiCS Ee/irar 

The CUilrltid1l1 not responsible for the relUm of unsolicited manuscripls or an. 11M: 
'"'1e,,",S c'(prrssW in VolPhics.nd signed lellers orcomllll!n,aries do nor. neceloSllrily repre· 
sent Ihe Of'IinionsorThc GJ.o,dian.lhe University ofCalifomia. or the Associated SlUdem 
of UCSD. Views expre .. scd in unsigned edilorials represem 11 nmjorhy opinion of the 
GuardMJn cdilorilll board consislin, or thc editor in chief. m.1l1,.,inS editor. DCWS milan 
and. oplnlOfl t.d1l0l' 

• There's money available for students who have been newspaper car· 
ners. grocery clerks, cheerleaders, non·smokers ... etc. 

• Results GUARANTEED. 

JASON NELL, Associalt Neil's Ediror 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Phoro fdirar 

CALL For A Free Brochure • _ ] 
ANYTIME (800) 346·6401 It: L ___________________ ~_~ 

BOB DeA DREA. Bilsilless Manager 
MICHAEL 1'0 LKS, Adl'erlising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ae/"erlisillg Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Manager 

The home of the, 
49¢ hatnburger. 

! m uCVOllalttm ~ J!lou . 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I..L.~I!IIII!!!-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL--- f.¥+ 

Quarter Pounder ' With Cheese. Medium Fry. 

II 
I I 

Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh valu.: II 1/20 of 1 cenl 
I I limit one coupon per I I customer. per VISit Please 

present coupon when I I ordering Not valid with 

t~i;~'~~·" 
--------

II 
J JUS t $1 99 :1 

(plus tax) II 
mo ~7r~:! td.@11 

San Diego 
1237 Proapect -M .... 

La Jolla ,-~ 
iii iii iii iiiiiiii iii iii iii 

GUAKIJIAN 

• SELF SERVICE COPtERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 
• Free PIlr1<ing • Book Binding 
• Copies while you wllit 

Hours: M-Th 8:30.6:30. Fri. 8:30.6. 
Sat. 12-4 • 321 1 Holiday Court 

La Jolla next to st. ~rlTWlin's 

451·9949 

NNIFER HAS AN JEGLY SECRET. · · 
Gel double 

prints of every 
color roll for one 

12 exp, 
15 expo 
24exp, 
36 exp, 

low pricel 
Standard 

size 
24 prints 

r99 30 prints 3.79 48 prints 4.99 72 prints 6.99 
Reprint Special 

Oct. 30 to Nov. 3 

Extra 
large 

r7 4.39 5,95 8.43 

Standard size: 15 ( Extra large: 19( 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Hours: 

Monday-Friday: 7 a.m.-ll p.m. 
SaturClay 9:30 a.m.-ll p.m. 

Sunday 9:30 a.m.-7 p.m. 

lJ~IVERSln' 

Monday, November 6, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

WE WAITED A CAREER 
WITH THE Top UIIX SYSTEM 

TEAM, WE CHOSE SeD. 
LARRY MICHEl.'> 
Presidl!Tl/ alld Co fourlder. sea 
Ulliwrslly if JIIinois, Class of 1952 

CH RIS DURHAM ~~~ CarnegIe Melloll, CIa'iS if 1988 
DEAN REECE Cal Poly. Class of 1989 
Georgia Tech. Class of 1988 f~~ SHAHID NAKHODA l l nive~il)' of Texas, Class of 1989 

UC Sail/a Cruz. Clars of 1989 

~~ 
ANDREW SMffiI d ~.4- (). J-

WUI E IlOC7..EK ~~ W1G~G O Waterloo, Class of 1989 HOE.SHI'EN U ~ ~. -r~ UC Sail Diep,iJ. CklSS if 19115 
Cornell, Class of 1987 

These computer professionals are working on some of the most chal-lenging, rewarding, and influential UNrx® System development being 
done in the world today. 
But it wasn 't too long ago that each of them was just like you, WT'.!pping 
up a lot of hard years studying computer SCience, and looking for an . 
opportunity to turn that effort into a career of working in the besl pro-
fessional and environmental situation possible. 
And when that opportunity reached out from The Santa Cruz Operation, 
Inc., they chose SCO'· hands down. 
[f you're ready to join them in Santa Cruz-playing with the top UNrx 
System team in the business - we're ready to talk with you. 
You 're invited to a Presentation Meeting hosled by members of our Tech-
nical Staff so that you can find out more about working with the company 
that has put more U IX Systems on more computers worldwide than 
anyone else-SCO. 

DATE: Monday. November 13 
TIME: 5:00 - 7:00 pm 
PLACE: The Price Center, Gallery A, 2nd Floor 
I 'IX" I ~ lnednuan of AT ... r m thr I .\. J'IJ tlthtr nino \lO arid lhf "'lI1 n 3rt IraOt-rtu!1b Ii n..- \.u1'.t (NI WI I,... 

CI~Tht\iflt.1 tR.i/I'!f"'·t,n4'l1j . Inc: I\IllJl'hb ~1"'oTd 

UC &rlle/f')', Class of /988 ROBERT TARTE 
RPI, Clars of 1988 

To discuss career opportunitIes at SCO, sign up at your Career Placement 
Office for an appointment with an SCO recruiter who will be at your cam-
pus on Tuesday, ovember 14. 
We're looking for engineers in the following areas: 
• Software Development 
• Technical upport 
• Quality Assurance 
• Technical Marketing 
Qualifications: 
B.S/M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 
Excellent communication skills 
[f you are unable to meet with us while we're on campus, please send your 
resume to: . 

;::;~;:::::;;-;::,'""i!;;;;;;" College Relations 
The Santa Cruz Operation, Inc. 
400 Encinal Street 
P.O. Box 1900 

tliV fQlIAL OI'PORTI 'MH' £MPLOtER Santa Cruz, CA 95061 
or call 8oo·seo-UNIX (726·8469) Ext. 5600 

9 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 6,1989 

Features 

LOVE and AnENTION 
UCSD's Day-Care Center Tries to Make Separation 

of Parent and Child 'Not Nearly as Painful' 

·Photographed by Jennifer Kolsky, SlIlffPhotographer 
·Written by Sangeeta Mehta, Contributing Writer 

P arents 'who both work or go to school are no longer uncommon. Single parents are also on the rise, and the demand for day-care contin-
ues to grow. UCSD faculty, staff and students 

with children need not search any funher than campu . 
UCSD is home to the 20-year-old Early Childhood 

Education Center (ECEC), a day-care center in which 86 
children, ages II months to five years, are enrolled. 

The center has a ratio of only one teacher per three 
children at La Palma (the division of the day-care 
center for toddlers), and one teacher for every seven kids 
in Treehouse and La Barranca (the pre-school divisions). 
Parent Advisory Chair Jennifer Sternbach said, "The 
staff is very warm and shares my educational philoso-
phy." 

Experience and intuition of the teachers, input from 
parents, and theories of psychologists boil down to an 
educational philosophy which is "child-directed with re-
sponsive teaching from the staff," explained Josie 
Foulks, the day-care center's founder and director. 

According to teachers the center doesn't seat thechil-
dren and "force-feed" them lessons. Instead, thechildren 
select an " activity table" and the teachers guide them 
from there. A "sensory" table (with playdough and clay) 
and an art table with crayons and fingerpaim are among 

See CENTER, page 11 

Monday, November 6,1989 

CENTER 
Continued from page 10 

the activities available for toddlers. 
Pre-schoolers can, in addition , 
explore a math table, a reading 
comer and a scientific center. A 
teacher may advise children who 
want to learn to write their names, 
or attend to a child attempting to 
pronounce a difficult word. 

The children aren't required to 
be inside, however, as the outdoor 

, area offers additional activities 
from which they can choose: sand 
and water play, tricycle-riding and 
block-building. 

"On the whole, the atmosphere 
is one of self-autonomy," said 
Treehou e instructor Hilary Ham-
burger. 

There aresome events, however, 
that aredone in a group: lunch, 

naps and meeting limes. 
Gloria Castro, ano ther Tree-

house instructor, said, "We offer 
education in a indirect way-
while we ing together, the chil-
dren learn vocabulary words , 
numbers and self-esteem." 

"(During meetings and through-
outtheday] wetalkaboutmanners, 
how to dress, how to play with 
friends," Hamburger added. 

. In groups , the children also take 
occasional field trips on or off 
campus. 

Thecenter's overall educational 
philosophy fosters the social, 
emotional, physical and intellec-
tual growth of the child, according 
to a pamphlet the ECEC distrib-
utes. 

Despite the excellence of some 
day-care centrers, the word "day-
care" often ignites controversy for 

See CENTER, page 13 

The 
Writing Center 

and 
Language Program 

have MOVED 
We are now located in 

Student Center Building A 
Just above the Grove Caffe! 

Our hours are still 
Monday to Friday 8:00am-4:30pm 

plus evening hours 

FREE tutoring is available to all students 
in both English and Foreign Languages 

call 534-2284 
or drop by our new, 
convenient location. 

FULL TIME STUDE·NTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT: ~ 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QU ALlFlED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 .' '. 
D'Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa A "e. See. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO; HOME/ CONDO OW ER INSURANCE 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

Every Monday Night! 
Monday Night Football 

Price Center Gameroom, 6 p.m. 
T.V. Lounge (46"Sony) 

Guess the score and Win a 
Compact disc 

Sponsored by 

Assorted Vinyl 
your complete music store 

/ -

"'''n- °NG I ., •• . ...., ..... 
\ .~TT:-:-: ::-:.:-: \ • •• ~. II ..., ____ _ 

~--~ 

~lAia 
G~i=lFliCS 

r:#et /u:unft-ed cd a ~ fI-OU' woaId .y/Uui jk 
arbonl~ kwc,cu1. g~~ 
kwc,~ cdC!!l~~. 

Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21 .00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad 
With: Yvonne. Koren. Nicole 

·PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut. shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Reg. $26.00 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 value. First·time clients only.) * 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Eyebrows 

Upper lip 
Cltin 

Underarms 

Breast 

Stomach 
Bikini line 
Fingers 

Leos 

Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 
• American Medical Association 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

558-0888 
L. Joli. Vill.g. 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
Prof ••• io." Ce.ter 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste.2121 
·E.:qHrcs 11115189 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 6, 1989 

-----------------------------------_df---------------------I 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

1I:00-4:.lOp.m.- Tht Lattgua,e Prognm provtdei Issi tinct 10 5ludenlS 
..... ~ rnlllVC lanlUiCC is not En,li5h Ind (o.hose doin&.,,'Oric in JapaMSe, 
Spun h. French, German. i letnv. and other lanluIlc . A dlacnosuc lest 
on wnuen Enclish IS. second langualt.'O avoLl:tblc on request Call" 534-
2284 rOf~ information. Siudeni ('enter. BUildinG 1\ . Free. (Tuesday 
and Thursd3) Evenings 4 3O-SofX)p m.) 

8;OOra.m.-a:lOp.m.-OASIS Wnlinl Center offers fret ~Ict: (Of .n 
UCSD SludcRl5 "" ho need 1R·",Tilins help. coofrrtnccs on drifts and 
«him, advlCC We en,alc any "Ind of ..... nline. and any kind or wnunc 
problem. Confuenccs ate by appotntment only E~nin& appointments 
IU'C ~'i,() Ivailable (For full ranSt: of services see 1M batk of the t'u~nt 
cla\, ~hcdulc .' Call !i14·2284 or come by USB 4()IO to nuke an 
llppolnlmenl Thlt; 5(Nicc i Ivailabk throu&houl lht quaner Spon~~ 

~ thr O_~SIS WntJnB Center. SIutX:nl CCI'l~. Buikhn& A Fn:e 

s: .m.4:JOp.m.-Hunon, \Iocrl:s~ Ilnd indlvidu:lI HSI tance for 
frc~hme1l and 5Op~ The wor"-shop .... ill focu Oft the: ihort paper. 
tM ~ ... ;;ay exam. and the prof'e W'as a partner Siudencs .... ill have the op-
ponUnlly W kMn' word processing )' lem. SAA scudtnts ~ e~pec:Jany 
enoour<l,ed 10 apply Call Farrell Fotem;an Itl ~~-734A fOf'funhermfor-
mahon ('t(' an appointment liSB 4070 F~ 

8:00a,m. ... :OOp.m.-SIGI PLl..S, S)'\km\of Inlr.rKll ... t GU1Jmncc and 
InlomullOO IS a compuler-based progr2I1l o( career Inrormauon deSigned 
(0 help you clanfy your skIlls. \·:tlues and OCC'up.lllon31IOtercSt~. For more 
Inform:ut()n. rome to ClU"eCr Set'\lKlU Center $1000 

, :OOa.m.-I:OOp.m.-L<t OASIS Reading and Study Sk,lI. help yoo dn. 
quancr '" ilh lime nuna&cment. notc taking. michenn preparation. :md 
1t.Jl-talo.ln, SlTIICIICJ.. Slop by USB 4OIOorcnil 534-7344 to set up a per· 
.-.onallippolntmtnt. AI~.y on the iookout for tOOK .... Iuable OAS LS 
,tud) s1:iIIs "",",shop USB 4010. 

9:00a.m . :.lOp.m. -OASIS Read,ng and Study S'ill. Cen'or offen 
one·l().Ork. Personal Asswance for Learrung (PAL) con(cm1CeS 10 Im-
prD\.t' yourskllls on the follo ..... In' "'PICS- ume mana£cmenl. ,OIl -sellina. 
proj«'t plannan, and organiultOn forresearch.lectW'C noce-lakin&. It"-I· 
book ~1Rg. prepann, forexams and lesHalun, stnltC'ltes. PA Lronfer· 
enet' Ol~' free and Iv,Hable by appointment For mort IRfomu.uon. c;J1I 

~}4.7\4.;or top b) USB4010 

MONDA Y. NOVEMBER 6 

1:00p.m.-l1lF MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. \.cam how 
toC'or~ rTUCl. ,,",lc-of'lhc-Mt re"urnt 1h;&1 "'III make you ~ l)ul from 
the CfO'\Iod_ Career Servias Cenler Frff 

1:J0.4:00p.m.-DROP·IN ADV ISI'I(; HOURS. Forhelpfind,n,de.,,· 
able part.llme employment. dtlmNnlnl carter goa.ls. ~tlln, for jobi 
or c'iplonng profess.aonaJ or plIduale school opponunilu .... OlppOlnt· 
ment flCC'fiS3ry. Just ",all In Carttt Scr.-lCe~ Center Frtt 

3:00p.m.-MENTAL HEALl1l GRADUATE SCHOOL OPTIONS 
Coun'W:hng. Psycholoil, and SocIal Woct There arc many educltlonal 
p,tfb 10" profeSSK>flaJ C'1.rccr In J1lI:nUlI heahh. Get Infonnallon ,,00...1 
prc:p;u;tllon and admbslon~ to these pro 'rams. Catttr St:rvl(e Ccnler 
Free. 

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 7 

1:J0.4:00p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISI ·G HOURS: Fo< help "hh car= 
,0.1 . job hunbn,. resume preparation or explof'in. profenional 01' 
andu;ale school opponuntUe No appo.nlmcnl ncteWlty, JUSI v..aU .. · In. 
Career Services Cenler. Frtt. 

J:oop.m.-BooM OR BIJST: Clrttn In Re.>I l;5 .. te .nd L:1nd Devel· 
opment. Do )'OY enVISion YOUl"5elf as the nexf Don1Id Trump~ Find OUl 
about the e'tcmnc fields of LAnd Developmenl. CommcrtiaVResidcntial 
Real ESlate. Proper1y Manalement.upuallnvcSlmc:nllnd more! Career 
Servltt~ Ccnler, Free. 

6;OO-7 :00p . m.-A~ you a SCleoce 1Tl3p(' If SO. Ut(' (}.ISIS Re3dlnc and 
Study Skills Center" ill conduct a free .... ortshop -.hk:h ",ill focus on 
slIxiylnC techniques (or the sciences InclLK1in& BioIOl,.. a.cml~U)' :md 
Ph)'''; . W~n Commons. Free 

WEDNESDA Y. NOVEMBER 8 

I:J()..oI:OOp.m.-OROP-IN ADVISING HOURS For help .... llh C~ 
,Oll!i. JOb hundn,. resUTnC' prepar,lIion or (xplonn. professional or 
c,r.KIU:lle)ChooJ opponumue,_ "0 appoinuocnt rteC'tssary. JUSI walk-ln 
Career Services Cenler Fl't-c. 

1:3Op.m.-INTERVI EWISGSKILLSWORKSIIOP Do)"OIIneedhelp 
In prt:p;mng for JOb intervicws,) Career Se:rvtces Center will provide li ps 
on the be:liI wily. 10 prescntyour'luOl1iIi.;;auonsand what klndofinlervtew 

quesuon~ to expetl. Carea SCr'\'ICU Center. Free. 

5:00-6:00p.m.-OAS IS Rcadlng and Stud), Skills Center Will condl.W:la 
.... orl.\hopun Improvln, yoor note lakm, \I..llls for kl.1urcs and lext book: 
reading. Check h OUI ! Muir Apartment Lounse . Fm:. 

THURSDAY. NOVEMBf~ 0 

I J :000l.m.·1 :OOp.m..- Jewish Campus Centers Information Tabie In 
Revelle Plaza. Come and meel Rabbi Dou& Slotn"k. Dlreclor of lhe: 
k ..... 1 CamptJ3i Center at UCSD. ThtS 151 Wily to get informauon 1000n 
JeWish life on campus. RewUe Plu.a 

I :J0.4:oop.m.-DROp.J ADVISING HOURS: Forhelp ~!ln,de"r· 
able pan-time cmployment. detcnnlnln& couter goals, job hundn,. res· 
um( ~pannlon. etc. No applllnuocnt necessary, jusl walk·In. Career 
Services eenlcr. Free. 

Z:JOp.rn.-What is business Khool really Iikc" A panel of business 
scOOt.nls wi ll discuss ,he business llChool upcncO(;c. Career SeI'V)cc:s 
Center Fret 

~ 

TheWeekly-Calendar 
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 10 

IO:JOa.m.-ON CAMERA. Prac1tcina Inlcrviev.tnc"-iII . Sharpen 
your intCM(.'Wln& ills by win& and heMin& yourself Oft videotape. 
Receive feedback from other job 5eCk~ in this poop wort5hop. ~­
rcquislle. lneervicwtn, SUlis workihop. Career Servlcc Cenler Free. 

1:J0.4:00p.m.- DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS, For help with cam:r 
goals. JOb huntln8. ruume prc:paraIIDri. elc. No appointmcnl necessary, 
JUst .... alk·in Carter ServiCes Cenler. Free 

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11 

9:00a.m.-3:oop.m.- IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER. lin 'II-day 
wodshop 10 idenufy vllible career0p4ions through eXlenSl"e self-asseu-
menl Career Scl'\lices Center. $10,00 

WORKSHOPS 

MONDA Y, NOVEMBER 6 

8.JO.I0:00a.m. BIPOLAR GROUP. Thi pwp i. ro< tudenlS who 
ha ... e been dllJnosed I havlnl BlpolardllOC'dcrand a.re bc:in& trtlled for 

~ 1 0« Ikidrc sed WIll bt. coplnl wi lh the pasl. preKnl and fUIUTr, 
and IIvlnl "'Iltl or ..... lthout medit:lllon. I...cd by D1n Muooz. !5)4·1 579. 
Conlacl Dan for Informauon Ind sl,n-up. Re"elle Collegf' Provoit's 
0f1Ice. 

9:00-IO:3Oa.m. REO III This &MOP IS (or 'tludcnlS .... ·ho are beyond 
re,uJar pauenu ()(tMnlllR" wClin" or purJm, but "'00 "'111110 conlinue 
their self-developmcnt throop incrt.l.std levtls of hann, and b\lSl The 
group will &earn lO~xpcnencc fcrlinl'5of' pUler intimacy and sel(-accep-
...... Led by Rema luarez. ~34·3Im. and Evette Ludman. S}4.3~8~. 
Call Rema ror • boer prdiminary appoinnnent btron: conun& '0 the 
group. 1003 GH . 

3:00-5:00p.m.-RED II (Recovcnn& From EatinC D,sonIerslGROUP 
This group is cksigned forsludcna who n:guWiy enpce in bin,c purse 
paucms but WMiI IOSIOP1hcCycle. \\'1th kMsof~ppon.studc:nts will 'IIIoork 
both In.nd ootof poop 10 understand themselves and IOchanec their be· 
h1vk;w, It IS rttOmIllCndaltha, studenlS bclin with I RED I VOUP before 
<Omln. to th IS one. Led by Kathy K.utllma, S}4..158S Call Kathy ror 
Infcml3.00n and stgn·up. 1003 GH. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7 

12:00-1 :'lop.m.-COPING WITH CHRONIC Iu..NESS AND PAIN. 
TIn, crouP i, foraucknts dcaJin, wlthchrontc lilncuOf'paln in Ihc:lfo"'n 
live, or in lhe lives 0( SII'UrJCanI ochtn. TopIC'S to be Iddmscd Indude: 
pain/wcss manacemcnt ICChnique • handhn, dcpressJOft and loss, deal· 
In. Vlrlm medicll treatmCnl and devdoping supponsyslcnts. Copin, wll 
development lind. §uppornve environment __ til be cmph:l5iud. Led by 
Jeanne MaM5C and Carol leBoeuf For. prdimuwy .ppo;nlmcnr before 
comin, to the ,roup pI .... call Carol It ~J4.n2S1i. 1003 GH. 

2:00-3:JOp.m.-UNDERGRADUATEWOMENSGROUP.l1u. group 
""III fOOlS on concemscommon amon. undcrv.tduale women. indudin& 
relillOllstllP I~ tJC • r.mlly of OIl,ln, won and self-esteem. Stl~SS and 
dc:"ieloplng family ldenmy_ Lcd by Minim IOSUPOVICI and Yvcuc Mi-
tr.lI1l , Call Mlnamal534-0255or Ynlle.1534-1723 foraprc:limmaryl~ 
pomtment before cormn, to the group. 1003 GH 

2:(IO.4:00p.m.-SOCIALSKILLS WORKSHOP. ThlS",,"P will r""u. 
on developlnlskills for meetln, with ocher people, COR\lersttlOM .• sser· 
tiVCne.!lS and sene,..1 comfort In 1fVUp5. Led by Kathy Kashima. Call 
Kathy at 534-3585 ro< inrorma.on and .. gn·up. 2148 11SS. 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8 

8:JO.IO:000.m.-GRADUATE MEN ·S liND WOMEN·S GROUP. A 
weckly ,roup forlflduate studcnu Inlmsled in C);Pkwint relation hips, 
acadcmiclprofmlOn.1 in .... and _I concern . Led by M,riam 
losupovici. ,134-0255. Call Miriam (or inform:uion and , pTtilminary 
m&e:rvicv. before cominc 10 the VOUP. 1003 GH. 

3:()0.4:00p.m.-GROUP FOR UNM011VA TED liND PROCRASTI · 
NATING S11JDENTS. A &rOUP forsludents .... ·he find Ildlffl(ult to stooy 
or get Started on thC' wnlin& of papers and who feel mill school ill noc the 
place for them II th is time. Led by Huah Pales. 334-34.56. Revelle 
Pfo".~t"somce. 

3:0IJ.4:.lOp.m.-ASIAN STUDENTS SUPPORT GROUP. ThIS group 
IS designed 10 address the concerns o( A!i.i:m students al UCSD m a 
problem·sol"'lR& and supportl"e atmosphere:. Issut's such &$ family sys· 
ICmJ In ("u ltural lQInSllion. ethnM: idenut)', IivinC In tWO cuhuf('s IS 
students. communicatlRl with othcni. and vocauonaland acadenuc ~tre5$ 
arc possibJe dJscuS5kNl topics. Lcd by Je.nne Manesc. $34-3035. CAll 
Je3nne for inrormlllOft and sign. up. 1003 GH 

3:00-S:00p.IIL- ASSERTlVENESS TRAINING WORKSHOP. This 
workshop is ,eared 10 improve one'seffectiveness in the exptCSslon and 
communiCJ;tion of fet:linp. wan IS. needs. and ISJ,.U($ of important 10 the 
mdlviduaJ. Thls ... HI iocludethc abllitytollY no. place rt:queSl1,.nd St.nd 
up forone's ri,hts regardless ofwhtther lhe person', nalurailcodcncies 
arc 10 be o\lcrly $hy. a"~SSlvtOfpaSJive In the nunnttofcommunlcat· 
Ina Wllh others Ltd by Yvene Mllrani. 5J4...172.t Call Yvelle for 
Infonruuton or to St'" up. Re\lelle Formal LounlC" 

5:JO.7 :00p.m.-GAY AND LESBIAN CO·SEXUAL SUPPORT 
GROUP. Have: a qltCMIOO7 Wanl5OmCone to talk to7 Need I ~upponive 
en ... lronmenl? ComeJOln u ! Individual counselln, with usa al1oav.lI· 
.ble. The group i. led by Marie and L,>B. ~34-2023 Spon......t by 
Psychological Services. Women'& RelOUtCC e enler. 

THURSDA Y. NOVEMBER 9 

4:00-S:.lOp.m_ ADUL TS MOLESITD AS CHILDREN. II group ror 
men Ind women .... ho survived mokmdOfl IR childhood or Idolntencc 
by W2I1lcr. ICtIUlintlnccs and/or family member. Led by ,.,.lInllm 10-
SllpctvlCI and E ... eue Ludman. CaU Mmam at 534-02" for in(otm.1l1Of1 
Ind .i,n·up 1003 GH . 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 10 

12:.JO.2:oop.m.- RED I WORKSHOP. Th'I i •• p.yt"ho<ducational 
.... ork.shop for Sludents .... ho wln1 to become more .ware o( then eatinl 
h.bits and how lhey may be trig&c.n:d and maintained. Habil·brcakina 
tochniques. buildinc self-esteem, ltS5Crtion IBininl. and other copin, 
methods ..... iII be upkftd. Led by Rtina Juun. 534-38H, .nd Di4~ 
Damell. ~34-3035 . Call Reina or Diane for a bnef preliminary I&ppoinl-
menl before oominJlto the group 2148 HSS. 

2:00.J:JOp.m.-ALCOHOL A 0 SUBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP. Ir 
)'00 hive evet asked "00 I h.ve a problem?". chances J.R you do h.vc a 
few thinas 10 Illtlbout Lcd by Dan Munoz.nd Crystal ShanROn. Call 
Dan at 534-1579 for information.Revelle Provost's Office. 

2:J0.4:JOp.m.- ACA PSYCHO-EDUCATION AL SUPPORT GROUP 
This is. SlfUCIUmd suppon poop forslOOencs who Yt':tnt to lcam about the 
adultchlldR:n of alcoholICs pallerns in lheir live . we will e~plore family 
dynamics and roles. t.ow sr:1(-esteem is devek)ped and mainlained. and 
how our adult liVe> are . fTot:ted Lcd by Beverly Harju. S}4.3987. and 
Diane Barnell. 534-3035. Call Beverly or Diant for preliminary Inform:a· 
lion before comine 10 lhe group. 1003 QH. 

4:00-6:00p.m.-CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. A _kJydbcussion JIOOP 
on tht issues. contmIS and quality ollife ol the Btack communilY at 
UCSD. Led by PIIII Raphael. S)4001$2. and Cryst.1 Shannon. MoontA,n 
Vltw lounCC. 

DISCUSSIONS 

MONDA Y, NOVEMBER 7 

2;00p.m.-My Bonnie plaid over the: ocean. My Bonme ,ot I.ud o\er 
lhe sea, before we go Slilin" I pick upa condom ala blrthcontrolstssion 
ror free. ro< free. Student Health Service. 1st Floo< Resoun:e Room. FIH. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8 

I:OOp.m.-<lde to Contraception · Oh Di.phrogm. oh Dilphntgm. who, 
• JOOd friend you arc .. You k.ill all lhe ~pcnn and don' tiel lhem in very 
far. Whether .... e ·J'C in hiS bed or hiS truCk, I know I can counl on you 
whene ... er .... e have ure sex. Come learn .11 aboul conl.l'aCCptivc opdoos 
from I Siudenl Health Advoc.le. Scudent Health Service, 1st Roor 
Resourtt Room. 

7:00p.m.- Soc,eIY for the Advancement of Management. An ambitious 
young broker ~hareshisexperiences: in the workt of finance at Dean Wi!-
ter. Find aul __ hat it takes to break into and succeed in thi. excinn, and 
competitive r~ld. Price Center, Riverside Room. 

WEDNESDAY,NOVEMBER8 

1:00p.m.-l..ast week's rlcin& Halloween panies lurned oul bcnet than 
you could hive ever expecled? Mcl thai ipecial someone and now )'OtI 
need 10 know about all the advantl&es and disadvantaces 01 differenl 
kind. ofbtrth control. Come on by. S,udent Health Service. 2nd Floo<. 

THURSDA Y, NOVEMBER 9 

Ne"oIerhad. pelviceum~ Would you like 10 know what they ' ~allaboul ? 
You can am all about lhem and much more infornla.lion conccmin, I 
woman's bodY'1 a Well Woman Scs.saon. Siooent Health Service. 2nd 
ROO!" Fr<e. 

MEETINGS 

MONDA Y, NOVEMBER 6 

5:00p.m.- MEChA meeting in lhe Pri~e Cenler. Berkeley Room. 

S:OOp ..... -lif'K-li film: "PARAnOOPERS"; and IStiel ACtivities 
Commiuee meetin,. For information call : Adam al 5!58·920 I or Karen al 

~~8·7901. USB 2722. Free. 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8 

IO:008.m.-2:00p.m.-Thc: 15ntC1 ACDvities Commillcc has an Infanna-
lion Table III Revelle Pbu.. Come and talk with Jewi h tudenls about 
Je ..... lsh hfeon cumpus and opponunities for vlsiuni l~el. Revelle PIau. 

4:00-6:00p.m.-Would you like 10 mc.el some new and friendly people? 
Come: 10 the Asian/PlClrJC: Siudeni Alliance (APSA) GcnCf1.1 meeDnl 
""hich will be held.t the: DaVIS -Riverside Room located near lhe libm!')' 
kJunceatthe PriI;:CCelllcr. Anybody is welcome. Come and enjoy! DaYI~' 
Rt"'erside Room. Fru. 

FRIDA Y, NOVEMBER 10 

5:00p.m.- Muslim Siudeni Oraani1.3I1Ofl General mee,,"g. Everyone is 
welcome. P:nce Ccntcr. lkrkeley Room. 

MlSCELLANEOUS 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 6 

1t woo ' l,etbc:ller if you ienoreit Ifyou'reafraidoffindin&outlh:tt you're 
flO( in the ~;.ucst condition. then II could onl)' eet 'wI;orsc. Lei Fil SlOp be 
your mCKt ... aung fon;c. Sign up al Sludcnllluhh, 1st Aoor or call 514· 
1824 for your person:il and private fhness IlSS(ssmc nt. SIOOcnt Health 
Service . lSI Roor. Fret:. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9 

Don'tld midtem1s.nd munchies melt your musclcs. lel Fil SlOP LIiSCSS 
your wc1lnas. And oot ir)'OtJ need 10 bud,el a little lime for I:lIien:isc or 
let u comfllflld you on a job well done. Siln up III Sluck:nl Health Scrvu 
or caJl 534~ 1824 for a pcnonahzed fitness assessment. Siudent Htlhh 
Sel"'lce. I SI Floor. Free. 

SUNDAY.NOVEMBERt2 

Semi·formal Ball · Proceeds 10 suppon the homele . Food. dancin& elc. 
Brin& your f.\(wite pc:rson and have I biasl .. hile you 're helping ocher 
people Cilt. Tickcts on sale at Ihe Price Center 80); OffK:e. Price Cenler 
Ballroom . .s 15.CXVslUdenl. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCfIONS 

TUESDA Y, NOVEMBER 7 

l:00p. .... - WeclUyTorah study-class with Rabbi Doul SIOlJ'llck Ou'tClOr 
oflhe Jew;sh CampusCenterat UCSD. AU are welcome 10 this lexl clMS 
aboul the y..cekly Bible ponion studied by the Jewish convnunilY. 502 
Matthews. 

1l:00-1:00p.m.- Bible Study Christians iearnin. God 's . ·ord. 11 '5 Il 
pul timt. We're In the Book of John All Welcome! PriceCcnter. Room 

~. 

5:00p. ... -(TU<sd.y through Soturday) Cutholie Mass. Spon5Ofed by 
Cathohc Student Community III UCSD. Una\crsllY Lutheran Church. 
Comer of N Tom:y Pines and L:1 JoIll Shon:s Drive. 

6:t)O.7:00p.m.-SCIENCE. ITCHNOLOGY AND VALUES - At yOll 
C'OI'ICtmed about ... here our Icchnolov is ta~ln& u.s? Can a Christi ..... do 
sc:icncc will1.cleanconscic:nce? Join wuhus to hcarDr William Wood. 
Ph.D. Orpnic ~n1htry Uc. Bertc:eley, 10 discu these questions. 
Political Seiencx: Conkn: ..... Rm.J14 I I MAAC. SponlOrCdbytheUnitcd 
Campus Ministry. Political Science Con(erence Room 411. Free. 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8 

6:00p.m.- Welconuna barbecue for new and J'Cturnin, SlodcnLS. Every· 
one IS \Io'elcome to IhlS event JponSOl'Cd by Ihc: Lutheran Community II 
UCSD. University Lutheran Church (across the so-eel from Revellc 
COnei' ·) 

6:00p.m.- Suppcrisscrvcd 10 wi hungry SI~",S by the IOwnspeopleof 
Univef1.ay Lutheran Church. Welcome. UniversilY Lutheran ChuJ'th, 
9~9~ La lolla Shores Drive (across the ,um rrom R.vell. CoIleee). 

6:00.7:00p.m.- Are you a person of 'Plrirual srren&th? OK! you ever 
wonder how that could happen in your life? Then join With other Chns· 
bans In. weekly bib~ study sponsored by United Campus Ministry. All 
Pn:sbylerian. Methodist. United Church ofOuist and Disc;iplcsorOlrbl 
Audents are ~·elcomc. M«ts In the Clmpu Ministry OffICe. Bid,. 502 
MAAC. 6 to 7 P m. Wednesday •. F=. 

7:00p.m.- Blble Slud), on''2 Corinthians" continues. ~sored by lhe 
Lulher.ln Campln mlnisuy. All ~ wck.;ofrc. University Lutheran Church 
(across the WC:CI (rom Revelle Colle&e). 

7:3Op.m.- Wednesday Nieht DiSCUSSions. This week 's topIC : "Sex and 
Se.lliuality: Pan I - A Christian undersulndineofwhat it 111 lObe human and 
sexual." Price Center. 

8:00p.m.,...... ·t1ow can ChriS! be the Answer 10 Our Ultimate Needs?" is 
the IOptc pre:;cnted by Campus Pntor John Huber. Everyone is welcome. 
Unl"mit), Lulhcnn Church (across the SlJ't'e1 from Re'lielle oolitIC)· 

9:3Op.m.-Candleliahl Mass. A qUiet , meditlltive time fot sharina ",lIh 
others. Spon5Ol'td by lhe Calholic SlUdem Community at UCSO. Univer· 
silY Lulheran Chun:h. Comer of N. TOIlcy Pwes llOO La Jolla Shore 
Drive:. 

THURSDA Y. NOVEMBER 9 

5:45p.m.- The Thursday Dinner. Homermde food and ,real (.:omp&ny. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Community III UCSD. University Lu-
theran Church . Catholk Lounle (corncrol N. TOITC)' Pines and La Jolla 
S.."., Drive). S2.00. 

7:JOp.m.- Biblc Study: Join 'lWllh members o( the Calholic communilY 
forrdleaion and ,hann,about the upcomina Sunday Scriplures. Univer-
sity Lutheran Oturch. Calholic Lounge (comcrofN. TOITty Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Drive). 

7:JOp.m.-Bible Study : Episcopal college ,tudent . Weckly Bible 
Siudyand monlhly even~. Sl. Elizabelh's ~un;h. 282:5 MC'rlon A"c .• 
San DieJO. Free. 

FRIDA Y. NOVEMBER 10 

J Z:JOp.m.-Forall Muslim sludenls, Friday (Juma 'a) Pra)'er'klll be: held 
in 8erk~ley Room DI the Price CeRler. 

7:00p.m.- This is a traditional Shabbal dinner service and Oneg. Come 
join the Unm of Jewish Students in cekbr.llin, ShOlbtxil wilh Hasidic 
Rabbi MObhe Leider in It tradtllOflul :tlmosphc:~. RSVP to Jerry 587-
8894. Jessica 48~18.or Slacy 558-0131 . Mande\>ille Suue. Top Aoor. 
T"lOia H.II. F= 

SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 12 

8:00 and IO: 00a.m_-Epi~31 Church Worship Service. Sunday Eu· 
I:hanst and Parish fellow -hip. Good Samaritan Episcopal Church. 4321 
wlJal( Mall .• cros~ GeneS«. (rom cast end of campus. Free. 

8:JOLla.-Catholi~ Mass Sponsored by the Cathohc Sludent Commu-
nit)'" UCSD. University Lulheran Church,camero( . Torrcy Pines Ilnd 
L:1 JOlla Shore, Drive. 

JO:GOl,rn.-Luthenln vwOOihip \Crvice. Open 10 e'litf)'OOC. Unl ... e:rsiIY 
LuIMr1n Church (across the sucel from Reo;eUC' Colleae), 

S:Gep.W1.--Catholk M.Ii. Sponsored by the Clilholic Studenl Commu-
nit)' at UCSO. Unt\'ersity Lulhcron Church. Comer o( N TOfTty PinH 
and La lolla Shore. Drive 

9:0Ip..m.- Calholic MIlS5- Sponsored by lhe Catholic Community al 
UCSD. Un .... ersuy LUIhc:ron Chun:h (comer of N. Torrey Pines and La 
loU. Shoru Drive). 

Monday, November 6, 1989 

CENTER 
Continued from page 11 
some parents as it translates to 
parents putting their child in the 
care of someone else. 

Yet, for some parents, day-care 
is the mosl viable solution to prob-
lems with Iheir busy schedules. 

Sternbach enrolled her son 
Lazaro in the day-care center be-
cau e "1 have to and wantto work." 

Sternbach is assistant resident dean 
at Thrid College. 

Bradley Hensley is an under-
graduate AMES student whose 
wife works while his son, Cameron 
is at the day-care center. 

Approximately 20 parents of 
ECEC children are si ngle parents, 
mo t of whom are students. 

Another fear of the effects of 
day-care are the shifting authorilY 
figures for the children , from par-

OFF 
any purchase over $8.00, all 
year round, all limes except Sundays 
9am-2pm. Please show studem 1.0. 
No coupon required . 

"Where starving artists meet starving students" 
LIVE MUSIC ON THE PATIO EVERY WED.-SAT. EVENING 

KIRBY'S CAFE 
BREAKFAST. LUNCH . DINNER 

215 FIFTEENTH ST. , DEL MAR 
OPEN 7:30 om-10 pm 
619/481-1001 

D 
. 

, ... 

• Klrbrs : 
Cafe J 

! 

The UCSD Guardian 

ents suddenly to teachers, leaving 
children with no sense of penna-
nent authority or love. 

"Sometimes the children do 
miss their parents at first in the 
morning, but adjust soon after," 
Hamburger said. 

"The chi ldren do get love from 
different sources, different adu lts 
and children but, the more people 
you have in your life, the ri.cher 
you are." said Tracy Christy, par-
ent and La Barranca instructor. 

According to some parents, a 
strong point of ECEC is the Parent 
Advisory Board. 

"The parents have a lot of in-
put--we just changed the hours of 
the cenler. In order to equal ize the 
kids' birthdays, we arrange non-
material ways to celebrate," ex-
plained Sternbach. 

A project the Board is currently 
undertaking is grandparent partici-
pation. Grandparents, even those 
who live in foreign countries, send 
tapes or stories about themselves 
to the children. 

" We're very fortunate to leave 
our child in such a quality place," 
Hensley aid. 

As Foulks said. "Our obliga-

IF THE GEO METRO IS YOUR FIRST HEW CAR YOU CAN GET $600 TOWARDS 
YOUR DOWN PAYMENT IF YOU FINANCE WITH GMAC.* 

" the more 
people you have in 
your life, the richer 
you are." 

-Tracy Christy 
tion is to provide high quality care 
to t he parents so thalthey can focus 
on their school , work or re earch, 
[so]the separation between the 
parents and their kids is not nearly 
as painful." 

STANDARD FEATURES include 1.0 liter Single Overhead Cam engine, EFI, 
4·wheellndependent MacPherson strut suspension, rack and pinion steering, 
EPA estimated MPG for XFi model: 53 city/58 highway. Get to know 

All Geo ¥thiCIel Ife CO¥trtd by Genc:f.t MOton' 
3 y(:"I50,OOO mile lumptr 10 lutnpf:r Plus w&nanty 
Su 'fOUr dealer fO( tCflTK ofthrs hmlted warranty 

·See your participating dealer 
ror QUlIlt rlclItlon detlliis. 

Gee 
Now at your nearby Chevrolet/Geo dealer. 

FEATURES 13 

Quartet to 
Perform at 
Mandeville 
Group Celebrates 
25th Anniversary 
By BEN BOYCHUK 
Contributing Writer 

The Guarneri String Quarte 
sinceits fonnation 25 years ago 
has maintained the longest-surviv. 
ing artistic collaboration of an) 
quartet in the United States, wil 
perfonn Saturday, Nov. I I at ! 
p.m. in the Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

According to Ruth Baily ofthl 
University Events Office, thh 
marks the quartet's 14th appear· 
ance at UCSD. 

"They have been perfonnin! 
since the beginning of the [Cham· 
ber Music] Series," Baily said. 

"They are a perennial favorite,' 
she continued, adding that Ihl 
Mandeville show will be theironl) 
perfonnance in San Diego this year 
and it is definitely expected to sel 
out. 

The quartet, which is celebrat· 
ing its 25th anniversary this year 
is scheduled to do recitals as fa 
away as Japan and South America 
in addition to regularly schedule( 
tours of North America. 

Members of the quanet are 
Arnold Steinhardt and John Dal· 
ley, violinists; Michael Tree, vio-
list and violinist, and David Soyer 
cellist. The program for Nov. II 
will be Haydn's Quartet in D Major 
Op. 50, No. 6; Lutowaski's Quar· 
tet (1965); and Schumann's Quar· 
~et in F Major, Op. 41, No.2. 

The quartet, called "the aristo-
crats of the chamber music world' 
by the Dallas Morning News, hal 
done over2,OOO recitals, with mOT( 
than 350 in New York City. Th, 
quartet is currently in its 16th sea· 
son of "Guarneri and Friends" a 
the Lincoln Center, and in its 24tl 
year of recitals at the New Yorl 
Metropolitan Museum of Art. 

The quartet has been the suI> 
ject of several books, inc\udin( 
Quanet by Helen Drees Rutten· 
cutter, and The An o/Quartet Play 
ing: The Guarneri In Conversa· 
tion with David Blum, as well a: 
the subject of a documentary. Tha 
film ,entitled" HighFidelity- Thl 
Guameri String Quartet", is set tc 
be released this year. 

The quartet is on the faculty o· 
the Cuni Institute of Music ir 
Philadelphia and the University o· 
Maryland. Members also partici-
pate in annual residencies at thl 
University of South Florida, an( 
were awarded honorary doctorate: 
of music from that institution ir 
1976. Members also receive( 
honorary doctorate from the Statl 
University of New York in 1983. 

TheGuameri String Quartet ha: 
made almost 30 record , and reo 
ceived several award in additior 
10 eight Grammy nominations. 

Tickets for the quanet' per 
fonnance are $18 or $9 for tu 
dents, and are on sale at the UCS[ 
Box Office in conjuction with tht 
University Event Office. 



14 The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 6,1989 

Presented by KSDT and ASUCSD liS 1'ltC'f,ltlllltIINf; 
"A HUMPSIDE CHAT" •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

·TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· 
• InteNiew with AS President, John Ramirez live every Thursday 

at noon over the hump speakers. Tune in to KSDT at 95.7 FM 
cable or 540 AM in the Res. Halls or stop by the hump to keep 
informed about the AS. This is your show too, so if there's any 
issues you'd like to hear addressed. drop them by KSDT.'\For 
additional info contact KSDT's Public Affairs Dept. at xt. 43673. 

• 
• CAll THE A .S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ll.S IJI~(;'11IJI11~ SI~I'II~S 

ALL CAMPUS FORUM 
MONDAY. NOV. 6TH AT 7:00 PM with STEVE KE LlY, 
POLTICAl CARTOONIST from the San Diego Union 
in the Price Center Theatre!!! ' 

Sponsored by the Associated Students 
ALL STUDENTS WELCOME!!! 

Thursday, Nov. 16th 
5;00 • 7:00 pm 

Conference Room 18, Price Center, 3rd Floor 

A.S. IS LOOKING FOR: 
A SPORTS RELATIONS DIRECTOR and an 
ELECTIONS MANAGER (PAID POSITION) 

Apply in the A.S. Office, Price Center 3rd Floor or 
r for more info call 534-4450! 

THE QUEST FOR 
'1' • f •• I .I~ • 

DING 

1~IIII)l'Y, N()\T.I ()'I'II 
it: ()() 1')1 

CHALLENGES & OPPORTUNITIES 
IN A MULTICULTURAL SOCIETY 

NOVEMBER 15 7:30 PM PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
!ponlored by University Evenh & Student Activities and the Student Affirmalive Action Committee. 

Our featured speaker will be Dr. carlos F. Cortes, Proessor of History at the 
University of California, Riverside. Dr. Cortes has lectured widely throughout the 
United States, Latin America, and Europe. He has served as a consultant to many 
government agencies and hosted the PBS national television series ' Why in the 
World?" He will be emphasizing the role that students can play in building a stronger 
and more sensitive multi-ethnic SOciety. This event is being sponsored by University 
Events & Student Activities and the Student Affirmative Action Committee and is 
free and open to the public! 

special order any item 
domestics in less than four days 

The Tradition Continues: 
low Prices, Special Orders, Buy & Sell 

Used CD's 

Located in the Price C~nter 
Hours: 11 a .m. -6 p.m. Monday-Fr iday 

11 a .m .-4 p .m . Saturday 

USED CD'S 
~ssorted Vinyl wants to expand their 

used CD selection and is paying $$$$$ 
(in store credit) NOWI 

STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS 

ATTENTION STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS: 
WINTER QUARTER BUDGET REQUESTS 

I: ARE DUE BY 4:00 PM ON FRIDAY, NOVEM-
BER 10TH! GET YOU R BUDGET REQUEST 
FORMS FROM THE STUDENT ORG. OF· 

I FICE IN THE PRICE CENTER, 3RD FLOOR! 
SKI CLUB - RISC; has only a few Thanksgiving Ski 
Trip Tickets left to sell . The trip is in Utah lor 4 days, 
Nov. 22 - Nov. 27 for only $245. Package includes 4-
day lift pass to 6 resorts, Hilton Hotel lodging, 2 dances 
and much morel Tix on sale at Box Office. Also, the 

I VAIL ALL·CAL is on salel now and tix are going very 
fast. $389 includes transportation, lodging, 2 dances, 
thumper, broomball , races, picnics and more. Call 
RISC at 534-4482 for more info.!!! 
YEARBOOK! SENIORS; Have your senior portraits 
taken. October 30 - November 9th at the Price Center 
in the Irvine Room. Call Yearbook Office today for an 
appointment. All those interested in worldng on the 
yearbook or wish to purchase a yearbook ($25.00) 
contact thE' office, 534-7491! 
SOCIETY OFWOMEN ENGINEERS: Join us for a tour 
01 Linkabit a hardware/software film -on Tuesday, Nov. 
7th . For more info or sign ups call 792-991 0, or look for 
our flyers!! 
WOMEN'S PANCE:Sponsored by LAGO, WRC, 
ASUCSD. Nov. 1, 1989 from 9:00 pm to 1 :00 am atthe 
Che Cafe. OJ provided by KSDT. Event is FREE!!! . 

The ASUCSD and Transportation 
A lternatives Office will be providing shuttle 
service for UCSD students to the airport and 

the Qel Mar Amtrak station for the 
Thanksgiving holiday. 

•••••••••••••• 
••••••• • ••••• ~ .. , Wednes"ay, Nov. 22 ••• #~ 

\.# Returning: Sunday, Nov. 26 . .I 
~. ~ 

-.... . .... 
••••••••••••••• 

Call 534-RIDE 
for info and reservations 
--------------------~ 

Monday, November 6, 1989 

w. SOCCER 
Continued from page 20 

The nationals, which will take 
place on Saturday and Sunday on 
the North Campus Recreation 
Fields, will pit the Tritons against 
13-2 Plymouth State (NH), while 
15-0-5 Ithaca (NY) will battle it 
out with 15-5 Methodist (NC). 

Game times will be announced 
today . 

M. SOCCER 
Continued from page 20 

"They were lucky to beat us last 
lime," UCSD Coach Derek Arm-
strong said. "We were happy to get 

them again ... we have more talent 
than they do." 

According to Armstrong , 
UCSD made a number of changes 
after the last time the two teams 
met. 

" Most of our starters were on 
the bench that game," he said. " We 
were forced to make a number of 
changes to try and adjust." 

One of the most important 
changes Armstrong made was 
teaming Albens with Hanssen on 
the front line. The tandem has 
helped hold together a team that 
has been beset by injuries. 

The location of the SI. John 's·· 
UCSD match will be announced 
this week. 

The UCSD Guardian 

V-BALL' 
Continued from page 18 

" It 's true that we carne back and 
played well, but USIU never made 
an adjustment," Dannevik said. 

Senior Diana Klintworth, who 
led the Tritons with 18 kills, agreed 
with Dannevik's assessment. 

"We kept hitting to the same 
places, and we'd get five or six 
kills in a row before [the Gulls) 
would adjust," Klintwonh said. 

In a pre-game ceremony, the 
four Triton seniors - Klintworth, 
Wellman, Beth Selby, and seiter 
Linda Ross-were presented with 
flowers honoring their contribu-
tions to the team. 

Scores 
& 

Soccer 
Aka 

Stats ... 

UCSD 2 Claremont 1 
(Overtime) 

-UCSD goals: Alberts (Hanssen), 
Alberts (Carli) 

Women 
UCSD 1 Macalester 0 
(Overtime) 

-UCSD goat: Faro 

-0- HARDDISK 

SPORTS 15 

UCSD I, sa. 1'bomM 1 
ucsn JOlla: Faro. 0CIIen by 
penabyticb 

Women's Volleyball 
UCSDd. USIU 
6-15,15.10,15-10,15·' 

KJinlwonh (UCSO) 18 kills 

RECORDS & RANKINGS 
~ .. 1oosI 

lY L I-
e-Country (M) .- 17th 
C·Coun'ry (W) -- -- .- 13th 
Soccer (M) 13 S 3 17th 
Soccer (W) 17 1 lIst 
Volleyball (W) 20 12 0 1st 
Water Polo (M) 17 12 0 7th 

ONLY -(;!]-La Joli. Village Squ.re 
Dent.1 Group OHers You: Mac Hard Disk Specials IBM XT IPC/ AT Specials 

• COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
, Q Apple Mac II, SE, Plus HARDDISK ONLY Special 

• EVENING APPTS. 
• STEREO HEAOPHONES 

• INSTANT INSURANCE 
EVALUATION 

• NITROUS OXIOE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24 HOUR ~MEftGINCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY fOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRAcnON 

··,NTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY 
Includ~, Cl<!arllng & PolIShing. X-R"Y5. O,al Cancer Exam and Private Consultation Expires 1 1/30/89 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
....••.••...•... _--_ ... _-...... -_ ................. . 

DAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA. CDA . SDCDS. Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La.JoliaDr. , SuIte 501 455-9151 
Ibehlf1CI Klnko~J 

~ 
THIRD 
COLLEGE 

-

Presents 

A So~iet Visit 
to DeSD 

fin Black Sow lets Sbare Tbelr Experiences 

~ Tuesday, November 7th ~ 
3:30 - 5:00 p.m. 

Oceanvlew Lounge 
located on the 

rhird College campu, 

Come meet a principal dancer of the Bolshoi Ball t. 
a television cameraman. a journalist. a classical sinqer. 

and a Soviet ~t on their special visit 
only 10 San Di~. 

Reception to follow. 
for more Informal ion. p'-e call Third Cot. Dean'. OffICe 11\ 

5l4·U90. 

11\""'-'" WIllI ~ A/IInnaII •• ActIan ~, _ c-vo _nt CGuncll. 
_-NMIICaII ..... UnIcWI, ~pcwarr IIac:II ,.",.I'tagrcm, _ MlCM 

20 M13 External, 65ms Hard Disk, with cables and software 
Originally $495 .... ... ......... .... ............. Sale $379 ~ 
External Disks In~mal D~k~ ~; 20 MS, 40ms .... $435 20 MB, 40ms .... $325 Installations on 

30 MB, 40ms .. . . $450 30 MB, 40ms .. .. $360 internals .. $40 e 45 MB, 40ms •.•• $499 45 MB, 40ms .... $423 
64 MB, 40ms ... . $557 *64 MB, 40ms .... $499 *Good on .. ;" 
80 MS, 28ms . . .. $619 ·80 MB, 28ms .... $590 Mac II's only 

"' Please call ror larger sized internat and externat hard disks over 80 MS. 

IBM fCJXT/AT md Compatihh: Hud Disk Cuds 
20 MB, 4Oms, (XT) .... $299 20 MB, 40ms, (AT) .... $349 
30 MB, 4Oms, (Xn .... $310 30 MB, 40ms, (AT) . . .. $380 .~ 20 MB, 4Oms, (Tandy) . $305 45 MB, 40ms, (AT) .... $475 HARDDISK ONLY carries Conner. CDC. M .... tor. Mkropo1is. Mimscribe, Priam, Quantum, Seagate, Etc. 
In disIcs r .. ging from 20 M8 to IS CB. All hard disks come with. one yea, parts "" labor warranty and a 
free hard disk management class. All product lUI ....... _ftliofted .. tnldftNliuI oI1hfoll IftpK'llW hoadm. 

¢ll 455-0277 FAX 455-6139 Visa and MasterCard accepted \¢ Sale ends November 20, 1989 [2] 
-

P..JlCTFIC 
15LJfND.S 

C/U13 

WANTA 
FUN JOB 

DNA 
TROPICAL ISLAND? 

Can you play volleyball? Tennis? Windsurf? Da'lce? Sing? Play piano or 
another musical instrument? Not afraid to work hard? Are yo,/. inter-
ested in an opportunity to learn Japanese? Or are you just a great 
personality who can entertain others into having the time of their lives? 
If you can do one or more ot these activities, we might have the job for you. 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB ... 
has beach resorts in Micro"esia that cater to guests who want to be 
entertai'md and play water sports and tennis. We have openings for 

RECREATION 
COORDINATORS 

& ENTERTAINERS 
Persons to organize and instruct water a'ld beach sports, direct games, 
arts & crafts, and to perform in matinees, dinner shows and pool-side 
skits. Applicants should be high-energy, extroverted outdoor types with 
recreation, sports or theatrical experiencr:. Japanese lan.!11lage not essen-
tial but preferred. Willingness to work hard and learn Japanese is 
necessary. We provide housing, meals Imd other fringe benefits i'lclttding 
round-trip airfares. 

We will be on H",JPUS Nov. 6 & 7. There will be two information 
sessions 01J. Nov. 6 fr3m 9 a. m. ·10 a. m. and from 1 p. m.· 2 p. m. in the 
Conference Room in the Career Services Center. There will be 
interviews jollot/J;'ng elUh ress;on, and all day on Nov. 7. 

Pa ilie Islands Club is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all U.S. laws apply. Proof 
of eligibility to work. ill the U .S. is required. 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rat. per 15 
wordsls$1 forltucients,$3forfaculty 
and staff and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required; therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
Please have eDICt change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

UCSD 9-Ball Tourney-Friday, Nov. 
10. Price Center Gameroom. $2 Entry. 
Starts 5:30 p.m. Call 534-5390. (11 /6-
9) 

AIRBAND: Come and see Revelle's lip-
sync contest on Wednesday, November 
8th from 8-10 p.m. in the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Deadline to sign up is TODAY 
in the Revelle Provost Office. (11/6) 

Third College Peer Advisors needed 
for Summer Orientation. Apply now at 
Third Academic Advising. (1116-9) 

Want to share your time and talents 
with kids? Just ASK. Information Nite 
Wednesday: 534-1414. (1 1/6) 

Visit Japan next summer_ Live with 
Japanese host Families, tour; camping, 
and much more, 432-2053. (1 116-30, 1/ 
4) 

You can help LICK ALZHEIMER'S by 
buyingalollipopfromaSIGMAKAPPA 
this week. (11/6) 

Midterms 90t you stressed? Relax at 
Coffeehouse. Thurs. Nov. 9th, 9-11 p.m. 
in the Warren College Commons. (11 / 
6) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews; east olthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (1112-
30) 

D_C. Pop Quiz #1 : What two Senators 
started the "Pork Barrel Polka" craze? 
Learn the answer at a forum on 
Washington internships. Wednesday, 
November IS, 2:30·4:30 , at the 
International Center. (11/5) 

'83 Sentra-air-p,s.-44,500 miles. 
Maintained, Sr. Citizen. Leftsidedented. 
Bargain $2200. 458-0350. (1 1/5) 

Need a bicycle, cheap?1 Come to the 
UCSD Police Auctionl Bikes, stereos, 
sporting goods. watches, jewelry, 
books , clothes and much morel 
Saturday Nov 11th 10:00am. Pre-
auction viewing 9:00am. UCSD StOfage 
facility, 4051 Old Miramar Rd. (1 Block 
west of Regents) For more info. call 
534-4358. (11/2-9) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 6,1989 

Classifieds 
Room and bathroom for rent. Female, 
non-smoker. Three blocks from beach. 
Available 11115-3115. $270/mo. plus 1/ 
3 utilities. Call 272-5945. (11 /5-1119) 
SURF CLUB MEETING-
MANDATORYI Movie & refreshments. 
Pay dues Wednesday on Revelle Plaza. 
AP&M 2402, 11 /9. (1 1/6) 

SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY & VALUES 
- If you are concerned about where 
our technology is taking us? Can a 
Christian do science with a clean 
conscience? THEN join with us as Dr. 
William Wood (Ph .D. Organic 
Chemistry) leads us in a lively 
discussion. Tuesday, Nov. 7th, Sp.m. 
Political Science Conference Rm. Bldg. 
#411 MAAC. Sponsored by United 
Campus Ministry. All are welcome. (III 
2-5) 

·SHARPEN YOUR STUDY HABITS.-
The popularity of books on learning 
theory and self-improvement attest to 
the need for a definitive guide to good 
study habits. HERE IT IS. This is the 
touchtone of study technique to date. 
Now studying can be a breeze-and 
great fun too. Please call 456-7898 for 
more info. Price $28. Great Christmas 
gift. 11/6-9) 

H_O.P.E. will be having a meeting Nov. 
7th Cove Rm at 6:30 p.m. to discuss the 
ball. (11/6) 
All UCSD students are invited to 
participate in the Fifth College Photo 
Contest in recognition of National 
Geography Week, November 12-18. 
Entry details available in MAAC 202, 
Fifth College Provost Office. Deadline: 
November 13,1989. First place is a fifty 
dollar award. (1112-9) 
Hardcore Benefit concert at Triton Publ 
4 live bands. Nov. 17th. Tickets at Box 
Office nowl!l (1 1/5-9) 
DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourselll Call 587-
1775. (1116-30) 
Need a bicycle, cheap?1 Come to the 
UCSD Police Auctionl Bikes, stereos, 
sporting goods , watches, jewelry, 
books , clothes and much morel 
Saturday Nov 11th 1 0:00am. Pre-
auction viewing 9:00am. UCSD Storage 
lacility, 4051 Old Miramar Rd. (1 Block 
west 01 Regents) For more info. call 
534-4358. (1112-9) 
SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC , 
December 9-161 Package includes 5-
day lift pass, transportation, delu;,;; 
lodging on the mountain, 2 dances, 2 
races , 2 picnics, broombaJl, thumper, 
many contests, refreshments and more' 
Tickets: $389 bus, $525 air, $298 
ground, on sale now at box office! (111 
6-20) 

$$$ for STUDY ABROAD! EAP/OAP 
students going abroad winter/spring: 
Apply now for Friends of the 
International Center Scholarships. 
Deadline November 13. Detailsl 
applications in the Opportunities Abroad 
Office. (10130-11 /9) 

Mexico Spring Quarter Study and Field 
Experience Program: Student with 3.0 
GPA and one year of Spanish eligible. 
Deadline November 10. Infol 
Applications available (by appointment) 
from Opportunities Abroad Office. (101 
3D-11 /9) 
WORK ABROAD THIS SUMMERI UCII 
Foothill International Education 
Program information session Tuesday 
November 14, 3-5 p.m. in International 
Center lounge. Sponsored by the 
Opportunities Abroad Office. (11/5-13) 
$$$ for STUDY ABROADI $6200 
Circumnavigators Club scholarship for 
summer 1990 research. Applicants 
must be UCSD senior in fall 1990. 
Details/applications in the Opportunities 
Abroad Office. Deadline November 13. 
(10130-11/9) 
Be "HYPNOTIZED" RPB Presents 
CHUCK MILLIGAN Monday 11 -5-89, 
8 pm Revelle Cafe. Admission $1 .50 
(10130-11/6) 

SERVICES 
TypingiWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439, (1112-30) 
MAC 128/512 ownersl Upgrade to Plus 
level (SIMM's SCSI) $165/$145. Year 
Warranty. COMPUFIX 456-5916. (111 
2·13) 
MACINTOSH SERVICElUPGRADES. 
Component level repair . FREE 
estimates, reasonable rates. 
Weekends, PO's OK. Compufix 456-
5916. (1112-16) 
WORD PROCESSING - Fast, 
dependable service. Rush jobs taken. 
Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9128-11 / 
30) 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (9/18-1/4) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more, Near St. Germains. 
452-9949_ (1019-3112) 
WORD PROCESSING-NEXT TO 
UCSDI Term papers, manuscripts, 
resum6s, theses. Laser typeset quality. 
Marsha 535-8260. (10/15·11130) 
WORD PROCESSING, Student Rates, 
papers, dissertation experience, 7 days 
a week, 4.0 English skills, 755-2683. 
(10/15-11/9) 
TYPINGII'II type your term papers, etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer 558-6090. (10/23-11/5) 
DATA PRO'S NETWORK-Typing & 
word processing. Professional, fast, 
reasonable rates. 273-4945. (1116) 
For the lowest fares call us, your friendly 
It's a Small World Travel Agent, 459-
0681 . (t0I23-11127) 
Word Processing/Typing - IBMI 
Macintosh systems - APA available -
Spelling corrected -Rush jobs specialty 
Clairemont 274-8305. (1 0123-11130) 

ADORABLE ANIMAL 
RUBBER STAMPS! 

GIANT CATAUXi fEATURING 
OVERlOOODI!SlGNS! 

SF.ND 13.00 FOR CATALOO 1'(} 
!Pm~'DA8LE l'JllIlIL'loo.~ ORDIJ!) 

CRITI'ER~ 
P,O, BOX 556 DEPI', G 

SOLANA BEACH, CA ~2075 

TYPING - TERM ,THESES, LEGAL, 
MEDICAL, REPORTS. BUSH JOBS! 
7-DAYS A WEEK. MABIE, 931-9596. 
(10/30-11/30) 
DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourseffl Call 587-
1775. (11/6-30) 

WANTED 
Earn $3,000 - $5,000 per month. Part 
time_ Drive that new car you wanted. If 
you would seriously like to change your 
current standard of living .... call 258-
8948. (1112-13) 
RETAIL SALES part timelfull time. 
Gingiss formalwear. World Largest 
formalwear renter located at the Costa 
Verde Shopping Center. call 294-3008 
for appointment. (1112-6) 
MACINTOSH TUTOR WANTED-$81 
hr. Someone proficient with most Mac 
software, specifically Works, Word, 
Cricketgrap/l, Fastback, Hypercard, 
Pagemaker, etc. Please call Brian S46-
9318 anytime. (1112-6) 
Enjoy working with kids? Special talent 
to share? Get involvedl ASK Info Nite, 
Wednesday. 534-1414. (11/6) 
Zebra Copy is hiring customer servicel 
production staff. All shifts par1 time or 
full time_ Must have a professional 
attitude, good communication skils and 
enthusiasm. Copy experience 
preferred. /Ibove average pay, 457-
1007 (1112-30) 
Make Extra Holiday Money. Call UCSD 
Annual Fund Today. $7, on campus, 
flexible hours. 587-1585. (11/6-17) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
01 employ_, customers and suppliers, 
Successful applicants undergo 
extensive training. Average earnings 
$6-10,000. Call ·Student Painters" 1-
800-426-6441 . (1015-11130) 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. /I you 
are a UCSD student or non-academlc 
staff, American-bom male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation lor more information, 554-
2192. (9118-1/4) 
Market Discover Credit Cards on your 
campus. Flexible hours, Earn as much 
as $10.00Ihour. Only ten positions 
available. Call 1-800-950-8472, ext. 3. 
(10/30·11/5) 
ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,OOOlyear 
income potential. Details (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. Bk 18113. (10130-1119) 

FOR SALE 
IBM Compatible. $325, Receiver, tape 
player, equalizer, etc. Make offer. 279-
5886. Tracy. (11/6) 

ATARI520ST -512K RAM , Disk drive, 
2 monitors (color TV wlRF adaptor & BI 
W monitor), printer, modem, all cables, 
software. Can emulate Mac, IBM, CPI 
M. $700 firm. Call Michael , 584-4501 . 
(11/2-9) 
Huffy scout 12 speed all-terrain 
mountain mike. Great bike to get around 
campus with. Chain & lock included 
$150firm. Call 558-8125 (5th residence 
halls.) (1112-6) 

25" Racing Bike, in great condition, 
suntour gears, biking computer 
included, $300. Jerry, 455-8236. (1116) 

'79 Chevette. New clutch, brakes, tires. 
Runs great. Well maintained. Must sell. 
$1 ,250 obo. 275-2045. (1112-6) 

URGENT sale 1988 Chevrolet Sprint, 
excellent condition; ale, stereo, $4750, 
Stephen 481-1980. (Il lS) 
1987 Honda Elite 80 scooter, white,low 
miles, mint condition, with helmet and 
parking sticker only $750. Call Chris at 
587-9239 (LEAVE MESSAGE), (11 /6-
9) 

ATTENTION-GOVERNMENT 
HOMESlrom$1 (U-repair). Delinquent 
tax property. Repossessions. Call 1-
602-838-8885Ext.GHI8113. (11/6-17) 
Tennis racket. WIlson rx-25 composite 
graphite wide frame, used once, paid 
$159, sell $120. Ski boots $25 , 
Rossignol skis w/lyrolla bindings $75. 
Systat manuals, new $35. 275-2045 
(1112-6) 

Macintosh 44 Meg Hard Drive. With 1 
year warranty. Int/ext $3951$465. call 
535-0930 . (11/2-13) 

1977 Datsun 280Z original owner, 
excellent condition, stereo/alarm, AC, 
newpainl.$3500best574-6217. (1112-
6) 
1982 Datsun 310GX, 2nd owner, 
dependable, sunroof, 5spd, new tires, 
$1 ,1 oo.best, 259-9390,eves, Scott. (11/ 
6-9) 
'85 Yamaha RZ-350, mint condition-
sacrifice $1800. Call 431-8558 or 259-

1~9. (1116-16) 
PIONEER STEREO CASSETTE TAPE 
DECK CT-S554.~. Auto reverse, 
led meters, softtouch controls, doI:Jy, 
stand-by recording, timer, mle, inputs, 
metal-compatible. Includes cables. 
$80,00 or best offer. call Gerard 459-
7541 . (1112-6) 
CAR Audo: Concord CX-60 cassette 
tuner, 2 Concord 100 watt amps, 2 
Boston Acoustics 8" drivers. Carl: 278-
7867. (11/6) 
Fender Telecaster $400, Fender 
Concert Amp $400, Bass Pedals & 
Case. Call Les at 457-7550. (11/6-9) 
CANNON A-I CAMERA. PERFECT 
CONpITION. shutter/aperture priority, 
programmed, autoftash, manual modes. 
INCLUDES: standard lens, case s1rap, 
battery, instruction, warranty. $200.00 
or best. VIVITAR 8O-200mm 1/4.5 zoom 
lens. includes UV filter. $80.00 or best. 
call Gerard 459-7541 . (1112·6) 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

hot chocolate! 
HOURI: 11 -10:30 Mon.-Thurs ; 
11 -11 Sot.; 12-10:30 Sun. 
LA JOUA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(In Von's Shopping Center) 

\ 
" 

) ..... . ::.<, .. 

~ u H 
\ ~ ,, ! ,I' . \ -

. 

, ,\ . 
/til " . ~ 
. 

--------------------------2 for 1 ~~~=:==m and gel on. of equal or Ie_ value fREE, Void with ony other offer. Toppings nOl included. 
One coupon per customer. Expires 11/12/89 

-~--------------------------~ 

Monday, November 6, 1989 

AIR Ticket- Anywhere U.S. blw 111-6/ 
30190. Pref. Oriental. $250. Chem 6A, 
B, C; 7A, B Book. New. Swelt Red 
Honda Elite 80 • '87. Has everything: 
helmet, lock, insurance, registration, 
UCSD parking permit. Best offer. 'Call 
Paranee 458-5947 anytime. Leave 
message. (1116-9) 
Futon & hardwood frame $1 OS. Unused. 
Can deliver. 268·0814. (1115-30) 
Macintosh High -Resolution 
Monochrome Monitor. Brand New. 
Never been used. Worth $295, Now 
$175. 558-8110. (11 /6-15) 
IBM-PC Jr, S40K, color monitor, 
Graphics Printer, Modem $800 o.b.o. 
Call 259-1439. (1116-16) 
$150 AIR FARE RTto anywhere in U.S. 
for female. Few date restriction~aU 
Jackie 455-0691 . (11/6) 
Big Refrigerator-Freezer 18.6 cubic ft., 
off·white, excellent condition. $150 call 
now. Joy 578-6523. 

Violin (Suzuki) Full size, excellent 
condition. $300 firm. 455-0931 ask lor 
Patricia. (11/6-30) 
ADOPT A SIAMESE KITTENI Can't 
keep my birthday present. 5 months, 
shots, spunky. Allan 755-3457. (1112-
5) 

Comics: last of collection. MarveVO.C. 
X-Men, Micronauts, Legion Super 
Heroes, many more. JASON 453-1 099. 
(11/6) 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds. 

5BH237 

TWA Student discounts on airfares 
anywhere TWA flies - U.S., Europe, 
Middle East, Caribbean & Hawaii -
481 -1264. (11/2-30) 

Piano, antique oak, upright with bench. 
Plays beautifully. $450 obo. 453-4883. 
(10130-1119) 

HOUSING 

Beautiful furnished room, board,forpart-
time child care (boy, 8). Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481·6115. (11/6-
IS) 
Bedroom + sitting room, bath, in 
beautiful condo near Ralphs. Garage, 
tennis, pool, $385, 453-6975. (11/6) 
Del Mar: Wanted roommate: own room, 
great location . 1/3 utilities. $450. 
Professionals/grad. students preferred. 
792-0640. (11/5) 
Roommate Wanted, Condo, Mission 
Beach, ocean front, $300/month, 
parking, laundry, no pets. Robert 488-

~9. (1112-6) 

Roommate wanted, 2 bd. 2 bath $2001 
mo + ud, UTC, 558-6822_ (10130-111 
13) 
Roommate share 2 beo condo. Non-
smoker, furnished, cable TV, pool. $325. 
John 455-5829, (10/30-11/9) 

~aCcod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
( NeXT '0 VONS) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
( Ne!.! TO PIlZA HU! ) 566-6100 
UNIVEllSITY lOWNE CENIII£ 

(ACROSS FIlOM MANN THUlTRe) 
455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APf'T. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAIlABlE 

Q';r;t 
f.&iI.jJ a choice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 
(10 Days After Conception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

call 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

The UCSD Guardian 

PERSONALS 
CREATIVE CAFE AND COFFEE HOUSE where 
UCSD comes to dine, debate and relax in a 
beautiful non-Smoking atmosphere. (See our ad 
each Monday) (1 t 16-11130) 
Dr. xavier Luc Chabot Felicitationsl Je T'aime 
(1112-6) 
John, Don'l sil there, jusl ASKI Meet you al the 
Price Center Wednesday night. (11/6) 
Warren commuter breakfasts are backl Only 
5O¢everyTuesday, 7:30am-9:45am Provost's 
office (10123-1119) 
Aasha and Syd, Thanks for your 
friendship. You're both greatl I love you 
guysl Anna. (IllS) 
Pi Phi little sisters: We are so excited to 
have revealed ourseJves to youl Looking 
forward to a great Pledge Presents so 
get psyched I Love, your big sisters. 
(IllS) 
SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC, 
December 9-161 Package includes 5-
day lift pass, transportation, deluxe 
lodging on the mountain, 2 dances, 2 
races, 2 picnics, broomball, thumper, 
many contests, refreshments and morel 
Delta Gamma would ike to thank Dr. Melvin 
Greene, Dr. Jim White and Dave Ledingham for 
attending their Professor Dessert on Oct 30, 
1989. (11/6) 
Warren cornrruter breakfasts are backl Only 
SOCevvry Tuesday, 7::.1 am-9:45am Provost's 
office. (t 0123-1119) 

r LIVE , 
A 

LANGUAGE 
II 
•• 

DO SOMITHING DIFAaIIN'll 
DUliNG YOUI 

HOUDAY.lEAler 

Intensive Ia~uage programs 
in France, SWltzertand, Spain, 
Gennany & Italy. 3 - 10 week 
programs. Special language 
teacher refresher courses too! 
Family or hotel accommoda· 
tions! Cal for details and 
FREE Catalog! 

Council TraRi 
UCSD Prtce Center Q-076 

La Jolla, CA 92093 

61 '·451·0630 

DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
soma great people with a great ptan. 
Feel good about yourselll Call 587-
1775. (11/5-30) 
Donald Fox: All the lady wants is an 
explanation and apology. She covered 
for you , and you threw her on the mercy 
of campus wolves and secretarial pool 
gossips. What a guyl Signed, A Former 
Friend. 

Sue K.-There was a charming prince 
with hair of gold, He spied a young 
maiden, her hand he longed to hold, He 
dreamt of them running together in the 
field, And to his love, the beautifut girl 
would yield, But alas the sweet maiden 
noticed him not, And the love he poured 
out spilled, wasted on the rocks, But the 
handsome young prince would not be 
discouraged, He'd win over his maiden, 
no need to be worried, I'll bring her 
diamonds and flowers , he swore aloud, 
And a necklace of dragon scales to 
make her proud, I swear to the gods in 
the heavens above, I'll win that beautiful 
girl 's Iove.-IL Y (1116) 
Experienced white water kayakerl 
canoeist looking for paddling partners, 
call Ed Randolph at 558-0422. (10/3D-
1112) 
Photographers I Dark Room People! 
TRITON YEARBOOK wants you l 
Meetings Wed. 5:15 pm. Price Center 
Rm 2413. 534-7491 (10/30-1112) 

Considering 
Professional Schoo/? 

University of 
Washington 

Graduate School of 
Public Affairs 

Seeks Future Leaders in 
Public Administration 
Learn About Public 

Sector Careers and the 
U. W. 's Master in Public 
Administration (MPA) 

Program 
SpeCial Financial Aid 
Opportunities for 
Students of Color 

Date: Tuesday. 
November 7 

TIme: 11 :30-1 :30 p,m, 
Place: Coreer Services. 

Multi-Purpose 
Room. 
Contact 

Career Services 
for Information 

All Students/Mojors 
Welcome! 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

FREE DRY 
WITH WASH ONLY , THRU NOVEMBER 

tk~~-:tA~/ 
~"S~!!yt COIN WASH 

Com., ot Grand & Lamont 
Pacific Buch. 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
CLOSED SUNDAYS tMI1I. IIIDNGHT 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLEI 
Special College 

Student Program 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 

WELCOME BACK 
UCSD STUDENTS 

Call us for your 
PET HEALTH CARE 

A 
BlID lOCI 
AN1MAI. QINIC 

5588 La Jolla Blvd. 
459-3279 

We ·cater" to students 
10% OFF 1 st visit 

with this ad 



18 SPORTS 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry all all 8 112" by 

J J" piece of paper along with your 
name. year in school, hometown, 
college yo II atlelld at UCSD. major, 
address. and pholle number to Sports 
Editor. UCSDGuardian. 8-016. La 
Jolla. CA 92093. You can also drop 
it offin the sportsedilOr's box at the 
Guardian office, located on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center across from the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff. and 
faCility are eligible 10 enter, except 
for Guardianstaffmembersandem-
ployees of Bj's Chicago Piueria. 

• The person who comes up with 
the most correCI answers, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared Ihe grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 

primedlhefol/owing week. III the event 
ofa tie. a drawing will be held to deter-
mille the grand prize willner. Those 
correct entries 1I0t selected as the grand 
pri:e winller will be considered rUIl-
ners-up. 

• Only aile entry per person , per 
week. Entries must be at the Guardiall 
by 5 p.m. Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will re-
ceil'l! 1\1'0$5 gift certificatesfrom 8J's. 
RunnerS-lip can obtain a free pitcher 
ofMichelob Draft or soda whendinillg 
at B1's Chicago Piueria, located in 
La Jolla Village Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who were recently selected 

as major league baseball's Manag-
ers of the Year in their respective 
leagues? 

2. What NBA leam formerly 
played in San Diego? 

3. What sponing goods com-
pany does Bo Jackson endorse? 

4. Which team lost last year's 
NBA title? 

S. What is the mascot of the 
University of Ok.lahoma? 

6. What is the nickname of the 
NHL team in Los Angeles? 

7. Who won last year's college 
basketball championship? 

8. Where did Bo Jackson at-

Smith Corona presents three products that can 
help make schoolwork academic. 

The Smith Corona PWP 2000 Personal Word 
Processor is in a class by itself. It's so compact it can 
fit in the most compact dorm room. Yet, thanks to 
features like a built-in disk drive, 100,000 character 
DataDisk capacit~ and a crystal clear displa~ it 
makes it easy to transform B's into Ns. 

For those who prefer an electronic typewritelj 
the Smith Corona XD 4600 is the typewriter of 
preference. With its 16 character display and ap-
proximately 7,000 characters of editable memory, 

The UCSD Guardian 

tend college? 
9. Whatleam does NFL kicker 

Rich Karlis play for? 
10. What city did UCSD's 

women' soccer team travel 10 this 
weekend for the Division III West 
Regionals? 

Last week' answers: 
1. Shirley Muldowney 
2. Danny Manning (Danny Ferry 

wa the Clippers ' first draft 
pick this year, not last- but 
we discounted this question 
entirely) 

3. Kansa City 
4. Paul Tagliabue 

Pete Rozelle 
S. Billy Joe Tolliver 

Steve Beurlein 
6. University of Houston 
7. Boston Red Sox 
8. Four - three of which came 

in this year's World Series 
9. Oakland 
10. Allison Hensleit 

Last week's winner: 
Aaron Danzer 
Sophomore. Muir 
Molecular Biology 
San Jose. CA 

Runners-up: 

Monday, November 6, 1989 

David Babb 
Jan Martin 

Rimas UzglrlS/Guardian 
Jenny Wellman (5) was one of four seniors honored Friday. 

you can have the convenience of word processing 
features with the simplicity of a typewriter. 

Of course, the pocket-size Spell-Right" 300P 
also comes with impeccable references. In this 
case, a built-in electronic dictionary, a thesaurus, 
a calculator, even a collection of challenging 
word games. 

So if you're thinking Magna Cum Laude at 
the end of this year, 
don't forget to think 
SmIth Corona at the 
beginning of this year. 

SMITli 
CORON~ 

V-BALL 
Continued from page 20 
the Gulls 7 -4 in the second game of 
the match, an alarm was pulled in 
the adjacent Natatorium. After a 
few minutes of confusion, players, 
coaches, and spectators filed out of 
the gym and waited for the alarm to 
be shut off. 

Triton Head Coach Doug Dan-
nevik led his players outside, in-
structing them all to "stay together, 
and not go anywhere." 

Wearing a uniform and stand-
ing on the steps of a deserted, 
buzzing gym, team co-captain 
Jenny Wellman attempted to sum-
marize the unusual atmosphere. 

"We are now in the Twilight 
Zone," she said. 

Early on in the match, it seemed 
like the Tritons were playing in 
another dimension_ They were 
sluggish during the entire first 
game, and fell behind 3-0 in the 
second. 

"Coming off of [last Wed-
nesday 's win over] La Verne, I 
didn ' t think [we'd] be up for this 
match - and at the beginning, we 
weren't," Dannevik said. 

When the alarm sounded, how-
ever, the Tritons were gaining 
momentum, having scored seven 
of the last eight points. 

"We didn ' t let the alarm get to 
us," Dannevik explained. "[USIU 
Head Coach Jon Carne) played the 
match under protest, but that 's a 
joke. We were already starting to 
play well before it went off." 

The Tritons nor only had to 
handle the fi re alarm and their 
Divi ion J opposition, but they had 
to play without junior outside hit-
ter Allison Hensleit, who was 
forced to s it out due to illness. 
Dannevik played sophomore Vikki 
Van Duyne in her place. 

"rr was great," Van Duyne said. 
" I've been moving back and forth 
between positions all year ... I'm 
just a sophomore, but it was nice to 
play." 

fUr mOre IOtormalion on chcse produ(.l\, Wrllt tu Smllh COhlll.d (orpOr.dllon. 65ltk.ust Avenue, New u naan. CT 06840 
0 1 ~mllh COlOn.! un.dol. 440 Top",,,,, R".u 'Xarhu'''''gh. On .. IIO. unad.o M I B IY4 

Although the Tritons have per-
formed well the last couple of 
games. Dannevik suggested that 
USlU's coaching also contributed 
to the Gulls' demise. 

See V.BALL, page 15 

Monday, November 6, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Four Tritons Quality for Nationals 

Swimmers Fall to Cal Poly SLO 
By ERIC BROSIO 
COlltributing Writer 

The UCSD Triton swim teams 
made their first splashes of the 
regular season this weekend 
against Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. 

The meet, which marks an early 
stan for UCSD swimming com-
pared to previou years, was spread 
over two days. On Friday night, 
the Triton women edged the Cal 
Poly Mustangs on points 93-89, 
but fell on Saturday by 22 points, 
I 13-91. The men's team was not as 
fonunate-it came up short 107-
103 on Friday night and then again 
on Saturday 96-94. 

While the loss was somewhat 
of a disappointment, several of the 
swimmers are not yet in top condi-
tion, and the men's team is missing 
some members who are still play-
ing forthe water polo team, includ-
ing Todd Sells and Greg Goodrich. 

"We wanted to win this meet, 
but right now I'm doing things a 
little differently from what I might 
do at the end of the season," Head 
Coach Bill Morgan explained. 

Physically, Morgan explained 
that his team is ... .. strong in the 
shorter races right now because it 
is very earl y for us to be starting the 
season. Wearedefinitely not in the 
best condition. As we train more, 
we will improve in the races longer 
than 200 meters." 

Despite the loss, the Tritons are 
beginning to showcase their talent. 
Four women have already quali-
fied for the NCAA Division m 
Championship. 

Leading the way for the women 
was leona Banaszek, whose times 
were good enough to qualify her in 
all the events she competed in. 
Banaszek placed first in the 200-
meter freestyle with a time of 
1:57.53 and posted impressive 
times in the tOO-meter butterfly 
and the 500·meter freestyle 
(l:oo.14and5: 1O.67,respectively). 

Banaszek, however, was quick 
to put things into perspective. 

"My focus is not just on myself, 
but on the team as a whole," s~ 
said. "I want the entire team to win. 
Even though we lost this meet, the 
event has been very positive and 
both the men and women have 
shown a lot of character by com-
peting so well against a tough 

school this early in the season . 
Compared to last year at this time, 
I think we are much more positive 
and confident in the team's abil-
ity. " 

Sabrina Lum qualified in the 
loo-meter (50.90) and 200-meter 
butterfly (2: 10.41). Catherine 
Caprilles also reserved a spot for 

herselfat nationals with qualifying 
times in the lOO-meter (1:01.04) 
and 200-meter backstrok.e 
(2: 14.55), as well as the 200-meter 
individual medley (2: 12. 10). First· 
year swimmer Jocelyn Rothbard 
rounded out the qualifiers with a 
time of 54.87 in the IOO-meter 
freestyle. 

GAl BeaalGuardilll 
Catherine Caprilles qualified for nationals against Cal Poly_ 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHll.. GRUEN 

Sports Edilor 
(Phi.1 is currently 7-5) 

AMOnday Night Football '.. '-
Favorite Spread 
SAN FRANCISCO 5* 

Underdog 
New Orleans 

PHll..'S ANAL YSIS ... Now that the 4-4 New Orleans 
Saints have redeemed themselves after a lousy start, eve-
rybody and their grandmother is talking Super Bowl. Get 
a clue. A 4-4 record is hardly redeeming, and even if it 
was - the Saints have to realize that they are playing 
against the defending Super Bowl Champions ... and quite 
possibly this seasQn's Super Bowl Champions as well. 
The 4gers, cruising along at 7 -1 with the NFC West Title 
virtually clinched at the beginning of November, are not 
a good bet to lose this game - especially on Monday 
night at home in the Stick. In fact, San Francisco - even 
without a couple of injured players - is not a gOOd bet 
to make this thing close, let alone make a game out of it. 
So, to put it simply, don't be stupid. PHIL says ... . 

TAKE THE NINERS 
OOfficialliac _ CrNislrlt./IIC .. Sana«, CA 

~ ROBERT'S -'. G ®. ~. SAAB 
German. Swedish. Japanese Service 
All work fUlly guarantHd • Factory Train~~ S/Hcialists 

• MAJOR SERVICES • FUEL INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ELECTRICAL 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • SaturdllY 8 amoS pm A 
%. (619)275.1132 ~ 

• 

4630 Mission Bay Dr~ II·S to Balboa exit) San Diego "Jltjldalllfl •• 
.. -w, NSt a/fd reco/fll/f./fd K .... lf· I."bncaots /0 on ,/Ulo"",,. 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
*Except ",olor aod IraltS",iuio" overllali/. Not valid witll a"y oIlier COllf'O" , 

drink It, -It, 

buy It, MIl It, 

provide It, Of 

,em. have It, 

It's In the 

G-...", 

SPORTS 19 

THE BALCHIN GANG· Coed Flag Football 
Yes we: do have: football he:re: at UCSD. In tact we: have: one of the: 

stronge:st coed football programs around. That should tell you 
something about this week's tcarn of the week. The Balchin Gang 
is one: of the: strongest teams in our coed program. They are 
undefeated and looking forward to winning the Climax Bowl 
,hampionship. 

This last weekend they were: matched up in a battle of top ren 
undefeated teams. They played the team We Go lA"8 & Deep. Well , 
unfortunatc:ly We Go Long & Deep didn 't go long or deep that day, 
at leut on the football field . They got crushed by the mighty Bal-
chin Gang 27-6 . 

Kevin 'Gc:lfarb' Gc:lbard and Gina Wood led the: way for the 
Balchin Gang by having career days. 

Look for these: guys and gals to be in the Climax Bowl final and 
they may win it all . Congrats & I hope: to see you at Zips!!!! 

100 0 OFF UCSD STUDENT DISCOUNT 

IMAIWI UNOCAl 71 SSMCE CENTER 
572& MIRAMAR RD. 

SAN DIEGO, CA 92121 
(619) 457-5716 

IION..sAT •• l1li-6 ,.. 

AUTO REPAIRS 
INCLUDING: 
• TUNE·UP • BRAKES 
• SMOG -ALIGNMENT 

-------------------I WINTERIZE YOUR CAR I 
I 1. Drain and refill coolant indudes (1) gallon coolant I 
I 2. Check battery, clean battery posts and apply anti-corrosive I 
I $34.95 most cars I L ___________________ ~ 

THE NEWEST IlARVEL~ COilICS JUST CAllE IN AT: 

The Comic Gallery 
442A Balboa Ave. 675-1 N. Iroodway 

San DIego, CA 92117 Escondido, CA 92025 
~ oIla1boa. aa.mont Dr. CounIIy C-ShoppIng CenIer 

·Next to Luctcv Market· IIoadway • WCJII*9a I (619)483-4853 (619)7.s-S660 
TM'~I ___ -""" 



20 SPORTS he CSD Guardian Monday, November 6, 1989 

Sports 
Friess Saves Win for Women's Soccer in OT 

·UCSD to Host Nationals 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

What a relief. 
After two nail-biting thrillers 

in Minnesota, the Tritons not only 
came away with their second West 
Regional Championship in as many 
years , but also learned they 
wouldn't have to brave fierce 
weather conditions in the east coast 
for the National Tournament, a 
they did last year. 

Instead, they 're coming home. 
UCSD will be the host when 

the Division m women' occer 
National Tournament take place 
- presumably in warm San Diego 
weather conditions - next week-
end. 

The weather was anything but 
warm this weekend in St. Paul , 
Minnesota (approximately 35 de-
grees, rainy, and windy), but the 
Triton remained hot, pulling out 
overtime victories over both 
Macalester and St. Thomas. 

Senior goalie Julie Friess aved 
three of five St. Thomas penalty 
kicks, while the Tritons scored 

three of their own to come away 
with a 2-1 victory and the regional 
championship after two coreless 
overtimes had been completed 
yesterday afternoon. 

The Tritons struck first when 
senior Feli.cia Faro scored on a cor-
ner kick at 4 :20, but St. Thomas 
tied it when one of its players an-
swered with a comer kick goal at 
55:30, in the second half. UCSD 
outshot St. Thomas 16-4 during 
the game, but only managed one 
goal. The Tritons ' victory marked 
the second time in a row they had 
defeated St. Thomas in the region-
als - last year UCSD came away 
with a 3-0 win in the first round. 

The Tritons advanced to the 
regional finals by defeating 
Macalester 1-0 in double overtime 
on Saturday. Again, it was Felicia 
Faro who scored when she con-
verted 12 minutes into overtime. 

See W. SOCCER, page 15 

Men's Soccer Advances 
ith Overtime Victory 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

A year after winning their first 
ever Division ill title, the Tritons 
were 8-5-3 and looked more like 
pretenders than defending na-
tional champions. 

Yesterday, in Claremont. the 
13-5-3 Tritons showed they were 
indeed prepared to defend their 
crown with a 2-1 overtime win 
over Claremont in the first round 
of the playoffs. 

Sophomore forward Mike Al-
berts, who has been a factor in the 
Triton resurgence, was a key 
again, scoring both goals in the 
victory. Ten minutes after Clare-
mont forward Steve Barbarich 
scored on a breakaway, Alberts 
took a pass from Chris Hanssen 
and put it into the back of the net 
to even the match at one. It re-

mained even into overtime. 
Late in regulation play, Hans-

sen had a great opportunity to 
end the game as his header hi t the 
post and bounded back in front of 
the goal. He recovered the free 
ball and hit a shot over the cross-
bar. 

In overtime, Alberts didn't 
miss. Two and a half minutes into 
the first extra period, his goal 
gave the Tritons a 2- 1 lead. 27 
minutes later, UCSD walked off 
the field with the win - their 
fifth in a row - and a date with 
St. John's College of Minnesota 
this weekend. 

The victory avenged a 2-1 loss 
to Claremont last month. UCSD 
played that game coming off a 
two-game road trip to Colorado 
and was resting a number of in-
jured starters. 

See M. SOCCER, page 15 

w. Volleyball Heads to La Verne 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 
Katy Dulock, shown in action earlier this year, has scored 12 goals 
this season and is currently third on the team in total scoring. 

False Fire Alann Highlights Friday's Win Over USIU 
By JASON SNELL 
Staff Writer 

The women's volleyball team, 
coming off a strange season and an 
even stranger season finale, re-
ceived something which seemed 
almost ordinary considering its 
crazy year: an invitation to the 
NCAA Division m playoffs. 

Last night, the nation's top-
ranked Tritons received word that 
they would be heading to La Verne 
for the West Regional Champion-
ship next weekend. 

UCSD will compete in a six-
team tournament, but will receive 
a bye in the first round, as will 
second-ranked La Verne. 

The Tritons will play on Friday 
night in the early match against the 
winner of the garile between fourth-
seeded Menlo College (23-7) and 
fifth-seeded Cal State San Bernar-
dino (23-18). La Verne (23-6) will 
play the winner of the match be-
tween third-seeded Colorado Col-

lege (16-7) and sixth-seeded East-
em Connecticut (26-12). 

The championship game will 
be played on Saturday. Game times 
were not available as the Guardian 
went to press. 

On Friday, the Tritons per-
formed in their final tuneup of the 
regular season. The UCSD Main 
Gym was buzzing on Friday night, 

but it wasn ' t just because the Tri-
tons knocked off cross-town rival 
United States International Uni-
versity 6-15, 15-10, 15-10, 15-7. 
In fact, most of the buzzing came 
from a false fire alarm, which 
caused a 20 minute evacuation from 
the gym. 

While the Tritons were leading 
See V-BALL, page 18 

-This Week's Intercollegiate Sports Attractil!ns ... 
mal 
Basketball (M) 
Basketball (W) . 

. . 

Cross Country . 
Fencing 
Soccer (M) 
Soccer (W) 
Swimming (M) 
Swimming (W) 
Swimming 
Volleyball (W) 
Water Polo 

Ma2 
UCSD Alumni 
Southwestern CoDege (Scrimmaae> 
UCSD Alumni 

. NCAA Regionals at Santa Cruz 
USC, Cal Tech, and SDSU (JV) 
NCAA Regionals vs. St. John's College 
NCAA Nationals 
Cal State Northridge 
Cal State Northridge, Pepperdine at CSUN 
Claremont, Pomona at Claremont 
NCAA Regionals at La Verne 
WWPA Championships 

HOME EVENT IN BOW CAPS 

Du 
Sunday 
Tuesday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
TBA 
SatJSun. 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Satarday 
Fri./Sat. 
Fri.-Sun. 

IiIB 
2:00 p.m. 
TBA 
2:00 . p.m. 

. 11:00 a.m. 
t & 3 p.m. 
TB~ 
TBA 
11:00 a.m. 
11:00 a.m. 
5:00 p.m. 
TBA 
All Day 

Rima Uzglrls/G uardian 
Diana Klintworth alarmed USIU with 18 kills on Friday night. 


