
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 68, #16 MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1989 

UCSD Students Rally For Pro-Choice 

Greg Benes/Guardian 

By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

Approximately 2,000 pro-
choice activists, including a group 
of UCSD students, gathered in 
Balboa Park yesterday in what 
organizers called a "Celebration of 
ChoicelMobilizationforWomen's 
Lives." 

The event, sponsored by the 
San Diego-based Coalition for 
Reproductive Choice (CRC), was 
part of a nationwide mobilization 
which included a rally at the lin-
coln Memorial in Washington D.C. 
and activities in major cities and 
state capitols. 

"The rally in San Diego is only 
a small part of the mobilization for 
women's lives across the nation," 
said Ava Bueno, an event spokes-
person. Bueno was one of a hand-
ful of CRC members who served 
as the core organizers of the event. 

Women's Soccer "This national day ofmobiliza-tion is representative of the grow-
ing sentiment among Americans 
that abortion must remain safe and 
legal. Today the strength of that 
commitment will be measured," 
she aid. 

Wins Championship 
• By PHIL GRUEN, Sports Editor 

Usually, Triton goalie Julie Friess does a great deal 
of standing around. In Saturday's semifinal game 
against Plymouth State, Friess stood out. After 
yesterday's thrilling sudden death victory over Ithaca 
College, Friess and the rest of the UCSD women's 
soccer team were standing on top of the world. 

In the welcome peech, CRC 
president Margaret Moody empha-
sized that "We are pro-choice; we 
are not pro-abortion. We support a 
women's right to make her own 
decision. Please remember: think 
choice, vote choice, be a choice 
person." 

When Karin Lindsay came off the bench to score 
Continued in Sports, page 24 

Several members of the UCSO 

UCSD Environmentalists Travel 
To Desert To Support New Bills 
By SETH SLATER 
Editor in Chief 
and DEBBIE ROSENTHAL 
Contributing Writer 

sides of the issue from concerned the jurisdiction of the federal Bu-
constituents throughout the state. reauofLandManagement(BLM). 
Others listened to the proceedings Such a redistribution of land 
throughtbeoutdoorpublic address would result in 5.7 million acres of 
system while milling about in the new national parks, 2.5 million of 

A group of approximately 30 sun or playing guitars under the which would be taken from cur-
environmentalists from UCSD shade of nearby trees. rent national monuments and 3.2 
traveled to the desert town of 
Barstow on Saturday to attend a 
congres ional field hearing and 
show their support for two contro-
versial federal bills designed to ex-
pand the national park system. 

Three campu environmental 
groups joined nearly 2,000 dem-
onstrators in airing their views on 
the California Desert Protection 
Act (COP A). Members from the 
Greens of UCSD, the Wilderness 
Club and the Earth Day Coalition 
all traveled from campus to 
Barstow to demonstrate their sup-
port for the bills. 

Some demonstrators sat inside 
the town's District Community 
Center to hear testimony on both 

Inside ... 
• OPINION 
• FEATURES 
• PORT 

4 
10 
24 

The proposed CDPA, was in- million of which would come from 
troduced in the House of Repre- BLM land. The plan would trans-
sentatives by representative Mel fer control of the East Mojave Na-
Levine (D-Santa Monica)'1Is HR tional Scenic Area near Barstow, a 
780 and in the Senate by Alan large portion of which is currently 
Cranston (D-Califomia) a S II . over een by the BLM, over to 

If passed, the Act would amend National Park Service . 
the California Desert Plan adopted According to environmentali t , 
in 1980 which, according to infor- the welfare of desert ecosy tern in 
mation distributed by the Sierra lands that are easily damaged by 
Club, "was based more on user industry and some forms of recrea-
demand than on the desert's carry- tional useare at stake. 
ingcapacity" in terms of the amount Barbara Bamberger, a conser-
of use the desert can tolerate with- vat ion coordinator for the San 
out suffering irreversible damage. Diego chapter of the Sierra Club 

The new Act would extend the said "It will take hundreds of 
boundaries of existing national 
parks into areas currently desig-
nated as "limited use" areas under 

OPINION 
Th. Parting of 
"'e Iron Curlain 

years to repair itselfbecause there's 
no rain and the habitat is so fragile. 

4 

See DESERT, page 7 

FEATURES 
The Art Of 
Persuasion 

community attended the event, 
which featured a variety of peak-
ers, poetry and letter readings, 
music, and information booths. 

One of the speakers was Cali-
fornia Congressperson Jim Bate , 
a pro-choice Democrat. Bates was 
critical of President George Bush's 
recent veto of federal funding for 
the abortions of poor women. 

"I think [Bush's decision] is 
wrong. If there 's no funds for the 

poor, there 's really no choice in-
volved if you can't afford [an 
abortion] ," he said. 

Bate concluded his peech by 
saying that abortion "is now one of 
the most troubling, and yet one of 
the most important, issues of our 
times. The United States govern-
ment does not have a right to mak 
personal decisions for you ." 

The crowd, which was twice al> 
See ABORTION, page 1 

Space Commissioner 
Speaks On Campus 
By BRIAN O'NEIL 
Contributing Writer 

Former NASA administrator 
Thomas Paine emphasized the 
inherent international character of 
space in a lecture last Wednesday 
at Third College. 

Paine, who is chairperson of 
the National Commi ion on Space 
and was administrator of NASA 
between 1968 and 1970, drew upon 
personal experience in a peech 
entitled "International Coopera-
tion and the Next Forty Year in 
Space." 

Paine gave a brief historical 
outline ofthe "Space Age" as well 
as an assessment of probable trends 
within the next four decade . 

In his opening remarks, Paine 
said we are living in an era in 
which industrialization and com-
munications are on an increasingly 
global scale. He added that this 
fact must be kept in mind when 
talking about space "becau e eve-
rything we do in space i 

global ... we need to think glob-
ally. " 

Paine cal1ed the launchmg of 
Sputnik in 1957 the beginnm~ of 
the Space Age and noted that since 
then the space policies of the su-
perpower have tended to be 
formed in reaction to what the other 
power ha done. 

Reacting to the succe . ful 
launch of Sputnik by the SO'. let 
Union, the United State cornmi -
ted it energie to the Apollo moo 
mi ions, Paine aid. 
. Similarl} , noted Pam th 
European Space Agency was bo 
out of a respon e to the Apollo II 
moon landing and the growing 
monopoly of communication r.at-
ellite capabilities by the U.S. 

Paine said, however, that there 
has been a change in U.S. space 
policy in the post-Apollo era. 

With the race to the moon won. 
the U.S. decided to "forget the 
competition and begin a coopera-
tive era," he said. 

See PAINE, page 8 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Pro-choice supporters of all ages, including some UCSD 
students, protested yesterday in Balboa Park. See story above 

70 
SPORTS 
X-Country Heads 
For Nationals 23 



~ 
• UCNEWS 

UCSB Student Charged With 
Leaking Info To Newspaper 

A UC Santa Barbara tudent is suspected of leaking 
confidential county health care information to the uni-
versity newspaper, the Daily Nexus. 

Santa Barbara County sheriff's detectives searched 
the home of Russe\l Tokle. 22, a student and a former 
employee ofthe county Health Care Services. They were 
granted a search warrant but did not have enough evi-
dence to arrest him. 

According to Tokle, six -plainclothes detectives 
searChed his house extensively Oct. 30 for information 
owned by Tokle's former employer. The search left his 
residence in "shambles," he told the Nexus. 

County health officials requested an investigation 
after they were questioned by a Nexus reporter regarding 
alleged "patient dumping," or sending patients to neigh-
boring counties. This led them to believe the reporter 
possessed confidential information. 

Authorities said Tokle was suspected of leaking the 
documents because he had telephoned the Nexus from 
the county health office. 

Nexus Managing Editor Jason Spievak said Tuesday 
that the Nexus is pursuing the investigation very aggres-
sively. 

"At this point that is all we have to say. The Nexus 
does not confirm or deny that we have received the 
information from Tokle," Spievak said. 

Daily Bruin 

UCLA Students Protest Red 
Army Ensemble Performance 

Several UCLA students were among the more than 
1.000 Armenian protestors who blockaded the entrance 
to the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles recently in an 
attempt to cancel a performance by the Soviet Union's 
Red Army Song and Dance Ensemble. 

The Armenian National Committee organized the 
protest in an effort to make the public aware of the 

,*SHOE 
'Race faM witneGsea. 

a Pi.g- u~t last n~t 
at East VI rW nta 1ir",S'wa. y 

l'ig VMdy1:onGarlic 
lost to the battered. 
1977 'IOYOtadrwen~ 
18:rear.old. Lonnie T. 
Flc:orwan:L 

"Soviet Azerbaijani blockade of Armenia and the city of 
Karabagh, Azerbaijan and the Soviet government's lack 
of action," it said in a press tatement. 

Carrying igns reading "Red Army, protect citizens, 
don ' t shoot them," and singing the Armenian national 
anthem. the protestors succeeded in delaying the stan of 
the ensemble's performance by more than two hours. 

One of the protestors, Mannik Khatchatrian, an 
Armenian-born sophomore majoring in political science 
at UCLA, said, "We're exercising our rights. r really 
appreciate some of the members of the crowd who came 
up to us wanting to learn more about the situation'! 
between Armenia and Azerbaijan. 

"The Red Army is here in town spreading propaganda 
around and their brothers at home are not doing any-
thing," said protestor Oshin Peroomin, a UCLA senior 
majoring in aerospace engineering. 

By Philip Ferrari 
Daily Bruin 

Berkeley Chancellor Heyman 
Supports 'Fighting Words' 

UC Berkeley Chancellor I. Michael Heyman recently 
told a group of students opposed to the systemwide 
"fighting words" policy that he cannot change the anti-
epithet rule. 

In September, UC President David P. Gardner issued 
the policy, which ca\ls for discipline against students 
who u e ethnic or sexual slurs - so-called "fighting 
words" - against anyone on university property. 

Four students from First Amendment-Inalienable 
Rights (F.A.I.R) met with Heyman, Dean of Student Life 
Francisco Hernandez and Michael Smith, a university 
attorney. 

Heyman told the students he supports the policy, but 
because it was issued by Gardner, he would not have the 
power to change it, said Marco Pulisci , a member of 
F.A. I. R. 

"They gave their definition of the policy," said Pu-
Iisci, adding that the meeting was a "fair exchange of 
ideas." 

Professors and officials have differed in their inter-
pretation of the rule, and they were unclear as to whether 
the systemwide policy refers to the context in which 

by Jeff Mac Nelly 

.. who was makin'b 
UIjW'J! a pi7:za delivery 

~' at the trme . r/L-_____ .... 

words are said or just use of the words themselves, he 
said. 

By Marie Spark 
Daily Calijomiall 

UCSDNEWS 
UCSD Volunteer Connection 
Announces New Opportunities 

The Volunteer Connection, an organization which 
acts as a liaison between UCSD staff and students and the 
San Diego non-profit community, has announced two 
new volunteer opportunities for UCSD students: 

Anyone can help an abused or abandoned child enjoy 
Christmas by going to Round Table Pizza, choosing an 
ornament from the "Angel Tree" at the restaurant, and 
bringing back the chosen child's wish gift. A child may 
be sponsored individually or by a group. 

The Home of Guiding Hands is having a Run & Walk 
on Sunday, Nov. 19 to raise funds for the developmen-
tally disabled. Volunteers will be needed mainly from 5 
a.m. to 10 p.m. Formore information, contact Lyn at 236-
0842. 

Students or staff interested in these or other opportu-
nities can either stop by the Volunteer Connection, 
located on the third floor of the Price Center, or call 534-
1414. 

Performance Forum To Be 
Presented Thursday Night 

The Music Department will present a perform.ance 
forum on Thursday, Nov. 16at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Center recital hall. 

Various works will be perform. Members of the La 
Jolla Symphony, conducted by Bard-Alan Finlan, will 
perform the original version of Aaron Copland's "Appa-
lachian Spring." 

( SPOTLIGHT) 
Thursday's Smokeout Will 
Encourage Smokers To Quit 

The American Cancer Society will sponsor its annual 
Great American Smokeout on Thursday, Nov. 16. The 
smokeout encourages smokers to quit smoking. 

Non-smokers who have friends who smoke are en-
couraged to "adopt" a smoker and help him or her stay 
away from cigarettes for 24 hours. 

Survival Kits with adoption papers and hin.ts to help 
survive the day are available on campus at Warren, 
Third. Revelle, Muir and Fifth College Resident Dean's 
Offices, at EDNA in the Price Center, at the Student 
Health Service and at Psychological and Counseling 
Services Central Office this week. 

Anyone with questions can contact Dalynn Proffitt at 
534-24 19. 

Contest In Design Of Devices 
For Disabled Announced 

The National Easter Seal Society has announced its 
1990 Easter Seal Student Design competition, a major 
North American competition for the design of devices 
and ystems for persons with disabilities. 

Any student who is currently enrolled as an und.er-
graduate or graduate at any college, universit, or techni-
cal vocational institution may participate in the compe-
tition. 

Richard A . Foulds, Ph.D ., directorof Applied Science 
and Engineering at A.I. DuPont Institute in Wilmington, 
Delaware, describes the Easter Seal competition as a 
"showcase of consistently excellent and innovative 
projects." Many former competition participants are 
now working professionals in the field of rehabilitation 
technology. 

Students interested in participating in the competition 
may obtain application kits by writing to RESNA, 1101 
Connecticut Avenue, Suite 700, Washington. DC 20036. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, AssocUJu News Editor 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

ABORTION: Pro-Choice UCSD Students' 
Attend Nationally Coordinated Rally 
Continued from page 1 
large as organizers had hoped, 
cheered as Bates said that "As a 
man, it's difficult to know what it 
would be like to be faced with the 
decision of whether to carry [to 
term] or not. But certainly I'm in 
no position. nor is any man, to 
make that decision forthe women." 

Bates urged the activists to 
petition their elected representa-
tives to support pro-choice legisla-
tion. When asked if he had a spe-
cial message for students, Bates 
responded, "Vote, and vote for 
choice." 

Z. Kripke, an associate physi-
cian at UCSD Student Health Serv-
ices, spoke on what she sees as 
contradictions in women's roles in 
modem society. 

"We are proud to find ourselves 
making a difference in politics, 
social institutions, education, law, 
religion, medicine, but we still 
aren't trusted with our own bod-
ies," she said. 

"The laws seek to endlessly 
encircle us so that we do not have 
room to choose even though we 
are lauded for having brought new 
perspectives ... into the public 
domain," she continued. 

Elaborating on a theme which 
Bates and several other speakers 
also discussed, Kripkeencouraged 
women to use their voting power 
to maintain abortion rights. 

"We must say to those who run 

our institutions and make our Jaws 
that if you do not trust women, we 
won't support you. If you seek to 
make our lives simpler by taking 
away difficult choices and individ-
ual responsibilities we are willing 
to face ourselves, we won't sup-
port you. And if the women of 
America don ' t support you, you're 
out." 

Many pro-choice activists be-
lieve that abortion is becoming the 
single issue on which voters will 
base their electoral choices. Sara 
Moser, public affairs coordinator 
of the local Planned Parenthood 
chapter, said polls show that of the 
single-issue voters, 33 percent 
would vote for pro-choice candi-
dates, while 17 percent would vote 
for anti-abortion candidates. 

UCSD student Lisa Cauble, a 
Women 's Resource Center volun-
teer, agrees that abortion " will 
become the single issue that will 
get people into office." 

According to Cauble, "Rallies 
like this will become common-
place. The CRC, this Celebration, 
is the beginning of a major politi-
cal movement and I base that on 
the factthat [abortion rights groups] 
have been growing steadily since 
reproductive rights have been 
[limited]." 

Another UCSD group repre-
sented at the rally was the newly 
fonned Students For Pro-Choice 
(SFPC). SFPC member Barbra 

Templer said that she is concerned 
about apathy among today 's tu-
dents. 

"Students are very apathetic. 
So many people don ' t know that 
[abortion] is an issue at all," Tem-
pler said. 

" I think it's a shame thai stu-
dents here don't realize how at 
stake their rights are and how seri-
ous things are," said SFPC mem-
ber Karen Kogel. 

Cauble noted that although 
apathy exists, many students have 
begun to get involved in social and 
political issue such as abortion. 

"This is the first time in the four 
years that I 've been involved in 
UCSD that I have seen a swelling 
in the numbers of students becom-
ing involved," she explained. 

"Students For Pro-Choice af-
fects 300 students. The Women 's 
Resource Center has swelled its 
ranks from three to four to 15,20, 
25 volunteers. That means that 
people are getting involved," 
Cauble said. 

Members of other UCSD or-
ganizations including the Commit-
tee for World Democracy, theNew 
Indicator Collective and Alterna-
tive Visions also attended the rally. 

In general, the crowd consisted 
of a diverse group of young and 
old, men and women. A woman 
whose button declared her "An-
other grandparent for choice" 
cheered alongside a young girl 

whose handpainted T-shirt stated 
that "Children should be chosen." 

Some participants stood at the 
curbwithpo tersencouragingdriv-
ers to " Honk for pro-choice." 
Amidst the pro-choice activists 
were two anti-abortion counter-
demonstrators, the only represen-
tatives of the anti-abortion view to 
appear at the rally. 

Waving an American flag, 
Rosemary Pravda displayed an 
poster-sized photo of an aborted 
fetus to the passing drivers. 

' 'I'm here to save babies ' lives," 
she said. ''I'm going to stand be-
fore God on Judgement Day and 
he's going to say, ' What did you 
do for the child I created?' 

"Just as Abraham Lincoln and 
Martin Luther King stood up for 
what they thought was right, I will 
do the same before God," she 
added. 

Donna O 'Connor, another anti-
abortion activist, said she was not 
discouraged by the fact that few 
fellow anti-abortion advocates at-
tended the rally. 

"Numbers don ' t matter when 
(one's position] is right," she said. 
she explained that her goal was "to 
make the public aware that the 
baby has rights, every right to live." 

Beverly Harju, a counsellor at 
UCSD Psychological and Coun-
seling Services, placed the abor-
tion issue in the context of social 
change and understanding. 

"What I think about social is-
sues is that, as a psychologist, I feel 
that what we make conscious are 
things that we can understand about 
oursel ves," she said. 

NEWS 3 

" If we take abortion, an impor-
tant social choice issue, and you 
make it an issue that everyone 
openly talks about , then you help 
people to take a stand on the issue, 
to make up some clear guidelines 
for themselves about their choices. 
It can also help you, then, to make 
choices for your society," Harju 
said. 

The consensus among many 
who participated in yesterday's 
mobilization is that the debate over 
abortion will continue far into the 
future. Like Betty Wheeler of the 
American Civil Liberties Union, 
many maintain an optimistic out-
look. 

"We will see each other again 
because this fight will be a hard 
one," Wheeler said. 

"We are here to celebrate the 
political and moral strength which 
we bring to this issue, and please 
don't forget. we are here because 
we are going to prevail," she said. 

Errata 
It was reported in the 

Nov . 9 issue of The 
Guardian, in the story 
titled "Fonner KGB 
Agent Stanislav Levch-
enkoSpeaksAtUCSD," 
that 200 people attended 
the lecture. The correct 
number of attendees is 
600. 

The Guardian regrets 
this error. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 13, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BIlTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

Tite UCSD GlIlUdtaIt is published twice weekly II the Univenilf of Califorma. San Die,o. CornenlS 
C I989. Views c.x.pcused herein tepte:ac:nt the ~I)' vote 0( &he: cd.i1Orial board. and arc not 

nceceu.uily 1_ o(!he UC Boord 0( Re,ents. !he ASUCSD _!he enlire G_dion staff. 

The Unbearable Lightness of Berlin 

Hope for Democracy 
It is impossible to watch the events unfolding in Eastern 

Europe and the Soviet Union dispassionately. The Berlin Wall 
has been rendered meaningless. Solidarity is ruling in Poland. 
Hungary is taking giant steps toward genuine democracy. The 
joy of the young Berliners who have, until now, known only a 
divided city, and the massive demonstrations demanding democ-
racy throughout the communist world have left Americans with 
a peculiar mix of emotions. It is the joy of democracy blooming. 

Americans have felt this joy before - we remember the 
Prague Spring twenty years ago, the Bejing Spring this year -
and we wonder how long it can last. Is this a real change, or will 
the Berlin Fall end with a crackdown and a new Wall? 

A controversial article written by Francis Fukuyama, the 
deputy director of policy 
planning at the State De-
partment, and published 
last summer in Human 
Events ,argues that we may 
have reached "the end of 
history ." It is over, he 
maintains, because the central driving force of history has been 
ideological conflict, and now that is disappearing. 

It isn ' t surpising that many cold warriors, used to the battle 
grounds of ideology, are feeling disillusioned. But they should 
take hean; it isn't certain the road from communism to the market 
system will be smooth. Moreover, it isn ' t certain the people of the 
communist world are sure what they want. 

Most have never lived under any other system. And,like any 
oppressed people, they seek change for the sake of change. 
Contrast Eastern European countries with another country moving 
out of tyranny: South Africa. That country is ostensibly under a 
capitalist system, so many black leaders call for communism. 

That may seem ridiculous when, in the rest of the world, 
communism is collapsing under the weight of its own flaws. But 
the blacks of South Africa, like the oppressed of Eastern Europe, 
know merely that they want to try something different. 

The real hope lies in the autocratic governments of the world 
moving towards democracy. Then, the people can truly decide 
the system they wish to live under. It is likely they will fmd what 
the West found, particularly the European Economic Commu-
nity: that the market system is most consistent with democracy. 

But the road to that system will be rough. They must confront 
the lack of entrepreneurial spirit, which was crushed by years of 
communism. They will be exchanging old problems, such as 
shortages and lines, for new ones, such as inflation and unem-
ployment. They also face a potentially tremendous problem: the 
reaction of the Soviet Union. 

The communist leaders - or former leaders - of these 
liberalizing Eastern European countries would find it impossible 
to mount a Tiananrnen-style crackdown without the support of 
the Soviet leadership. So far, Soviet PJesident Mikhail Gor-
bachev has been cautious. He doesn't want to risk his good 
reputation with the West, and he probably genuinely believes in 
reform. But what would happen if one of these countries decides 
It no longer wishes to belong to the Warsaw Pact? 

That could be the end. If not Gorb chev, certainly other Soviet 
leaders would consider this a threat to Soviet security which 
could not be tolerated . Memories of the millions of Soviets killed 
in World War II linger. 

The United States only has a limited amount o f power to sto p 
a bloody crackdown. It can provide aid to the Soviet Union and 
Warsaw Pact countne~ to encourage reform - but that aid is 
limited by our own cru-;hing deficit. The U.S. can abo contmue 
a dialogue with Gorbachev and other communist leaders to ease 
their fears about their national security. But the rea l futu re of 
these refonns lies in Gorbachev 's ability to stay in power and stay 
commited to refo rm. 

So all Americans can really do is watch and hope. 

Defending Feminism recognize, appreciate and even applaud the contribu-tions women have made to society through their 
labor in the family (one major aspect of which is care 
of the children). 

Editor: 
I am writi ng in response to a Nov. 9 letter from a 

so-called woman named Sherry R. Lowrance. 
In her letter, Lowrance attacked a letter written by 

Victoria Magyar who had criticized The Guardian 
for a sexist cartoon it ran. 

That is precisely the point: The responsibility and 
care of the children has always rested with the 
mother. At the same time we have never been recog-
nized as valuable for these contributions. 

LoWIaIlce argued that it is insulting to women to 
ridicule the patriarchal, stereotypical view that women 
are important only when we are in a role that is in 
relation to men. 

To blame this fact on the feminists because we 
point it out is like killing the messenger for bringing 
the bad news. 

l, in tum, would argue that Lowrance, by defend-
ing such a blatantly sexist cartoon, puts herself in a ' 
position whereby she appears to be an enemy of 
womankind. 

What we "feminists" object to are the attempts by 
"traditionalists" to limit our options as to roles and 
functions we should fulfill as women. 

The core of Magyar's argument is not that moth-
erhood is worthless but that we, as women, as human 
beings, should be able to control our bodies, includ-
ing our reproduction. 

Also, I think she missed the point of Magyar's 
argumenl. First, that we, as women, are ultimately 
responsible for the care of our children and must be 
in control of our own reproduction. Second, that we 
deserve to be seen as complete human beings in and 
of ourselves. That our only purpose in life is notto get 
married and have children. 

Motherhood is beneficial to those of us who 
choose it, but forthose of us who do not, we shouldn't 
be forced to. 

Anyway, that's all this "irate campus feminist" 
has to say. 

We, "irate campus feminists" (as she labeled us), Sabrina Santiago 

Inconsistent Regulations Plague Revelle 
Editor: 

While keeping in mind the more 
humorous aspects of the discrep-
ancy between Revelle College's 
graduation requirements as speci-
fied in UCSO's Academic Senate 
Regulations and the graduation 
requirements of the various engi-
neering and computer science 
programs on campus, I would like 
to point out some factual errors 
made by the people quoted in the 
original anicle about this matter 
in the Oct. 30 Guardian. 

Firstofall,IfoundithUfl)Orous 
that both Lynn Harris and Thomas 
Bond were so assured that depart-
mental policy overrides Academic 
Senate regulations. Especially so 
since I had already posed such a 
question (without revealing spe-
cifics) over which rules wouIdtake 
precedence in case of a conflict, 
and was assured that the reguJa-
tions of the Academic Senate were 
the flnal say. 

Second of all, Dr. Bond's state-
ment concerning degree require-
ments and accreditation was more 
than a little bit misleading; the 

BENSON 

Accreditation Board for Engineer-
ing and Technology (ABET) does 
not specify that a college or uni-
versity must have a certain num-
ber of upper-<iivision courses in a 
major, they only specify a cur-
riculum which must be included 
in the particular major. 

The decision to set a specific 
amount of courses required for 
engineering and computer seieflce 
majors, orto increase that amount, 

is a decision made by the depart-
ments. Because of this, Ihe con-
clusion that an accredited degree 
program which would require only 
18 uppcr-<iivision courses would 
not be possible is in error. 

The real reason, I believe, that 
Revelle College originally (back 
in 1967) setalimitof IScourses to 
a major (with a maximum of 15 
specified by the department and 

See REVELLE, page 6 

Don't Blame the Rape Victim 
Editor: 

This is in response to the front-
page headline in the Nov. 2 issue 
of The Guardian:"U nlocked Door 
Leads to Sexual Assault." 

The headline implies that the 
fault of the crime lies with the 
victim, who was assaulted by a 
man who entered her donn room 
while she and her roommate lay 
in their beds. 

When every six minutes a 
woman is raped in this country, 
and when the FBI estimates that 
one in three women will be sexu-

ally assaulted in her lifetime, this 
kind of journalism is not 
acceptable. The Guardian-- and 
all of us- needs to fight to in-
crease the prosecution of sexual 
assailants and decrease the occur-
rence of sexual assault. 

We need to place the blame 
exactly where it lies: with the 
assailant. It is time that we end the 
myths once and for all. Women do 
not asked to be raped. Women do 
not want to be raped. Women do 
not enjoy being raped. Period. 

Gail Watson 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

[aunDIAN Cl -Up 
Hyperventilating in the Himalayas 

it. " I obey. "In , now out. In, now out." My 
lungs are a lave to this pair of boots which 
remembered how to breathe. Calm returns 
alongs ide oxygen. 

By GAIL JOHNSON,Associate Photo Editor "Open your eyes." For a split econd, I 
was in awe. The world was technicolor. 
Dirt ground on my lips to remind me I was 
indeed alive. 

Wake up. Gottapee. GottagoNOW. My 
head. It's exploding. Golta pee. Get me 
outta this bag. Let go Mr. Zipper. My head. 
My God it's cold. Down goes the floor. Up 
goes the roof. Boots frozen. Balance gone. 
Right foot forward. Left foot? Gotta go. 
Real bad. Gotta fall. Real pain. Doesn't 
matter now. 

Crawl down steps. Morning frost. Ah, 
there's nothing like a Hlmilayan toilet hut 
in which to freeze your buns. There's a yak. 
In the hut. Big horns. Centrq1 heating. 
Doe n't maner now. Ah. Pee. Pain. 

Hefinds us in the predawn light. "You're 
sick, We're going down."Iargue. We fight. 
He wins. My yak is no help. He pleads the 
fifth. Wrong constitution. In more ways 
than one. 

It ' s 500 meters away. Up, that is . Mt. 
Sagannantha. The Big E - Everest. We 
crossed the world to climb to the top. And 
I'm sicker than a herd of pack dogs. 

"We can always come back", we prom-
iseeach other. Yeah, right. The world sways 
and my head pounds. We descend five 

hundred meters further away from our 
dream. The pounding stops momentarily as 
we toast our misfortune with iodide water The shame of our panic set in as soon as 
andglucosebiscuits.Rec- ------------ I recognized that the 
ognition creeps in to join 'Open your eyes. ' For boots belonged to a 
resignation. f d I . body. And the body 

But the pounding re- a sp It secon 1 was In wasattachedtoyoung 
turns. "Let's move it." His awe. The world was man with a soothing 
eyes are as clouded as my technicolor. Dirtground Californian accent. 
brain. We move rapidly He left us moments 
as the trail grows rough. on my /ips to remind later. We sat on the 
Nausea sets in. We push me I was indeed alive. trailside breathing in 
harder in an effort to es- unison. 
cape the mountains which 
constrict us. I have to vomit. "Faster! " His 
facade is lost. "Move it!" I can't keep up. I 
hate this man. It' s so hard to breathe. Are 
we running? Or walking? I can't tell. I 
vomit. And heave. But I should breathe. Oh 
God! I'm hyperventilating. But the book 
says to never do this! Air! "Breathe damn 
it!" He pants. I gasp. ft' s going black . 

"Close your eyes and mouth. Breathe 
through your nose." A new pair of boots 
joins my face in the dirt. "Shut up, just do 

For the following weeks our pace slowed 
to a steady crawl. By the time we finally 
saw Everest from the furthest vantage point, 
I'd gulped a lot more air. In the process, 
we 'd recognized the multitude of bare feet 
and runny noses belonging to the local 
residents. 

So we broke out the telephoto and 
counted the bumps, so far off in the dis-
tance. We grunted. I stopped to pee. And we 
never talked about it again. 

It 's been about a year since I parted from 

OPINION 5 

my surreal Lamaze coache . No transcen-
dental explanations were found. Lord knows 
I'm always dazed, but I have been hitby that 
momentary awe to a lesser extent since. 

My last attempt occurred justa coupleof 
days ago. There had been a number of 
unhappy occurrances within a short period 
of time. It culminated as I awoke in yet 
another pre dawn light to find my car mo-
lested. A window was smashed, but more 
importantly, a completed photo project 
disappeared. All I coulrl do was grab a 
passing cat and giggle. 

An houror so later, recognition swooped 
in to jom resignation. I had to release! 
Unfortunately, [ was at a busy intersection. 
Glass clinked as I let out a brief yet primor-
dial roar. The businessperson in the con-
vertible next to me jumped. Breathe in. 
Breathe out. 

I momentarily closed my eyes. And the 
world was technicolor albeit with a fair bit 
of middle gray. I could laugh now. The 
convertible attempted to edge away. So I 
called out, " Breathe in. Breathe out. And 
remember the sky is blue!" He made a sharp 
right the moment the light released him. 
And [just continued on ... 

"The UCSD Guardian Close-up' is written by a 
different staff member each Monday. 

Grand Opening Special 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds_ 

588-6237 

ClAlllfMONT SQUAIIE 
( Nt~1 '0 VONS) 27 .. 2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NliIIU N:';tlUI) 566-6100 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

,"UIU!>5 flIOM MM>oN [tI<.ATllt) 
~5-GUO 

OPEN 7 DAVS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARV 

MANICURIST AVAIlABLE 

UCSD FORMAL FUNCTIONS 

Peg Pants 
are now available. 

Now Open! 
Costa Verde Center 
(across from U.T.C.) 
457·4996 

Biggest selection 
Christian Dior, Pierre Cardin, Bill Blass, Miami 
Vice, Dynasty, After Six, Lord West, and Basic 
Tuxedos 

-~----~-------------------------------------S 10 OFF ON TUXEDO RENTAL 
glng ..... foIIIJalwear 

SAVE $10 ON ANY TUXEDO RENTAL 
Black Classic Tuxedo • While Classic Tuxedo. Silver Classic Tuxedo 

REG. RENTAL PRICE $46.95 
WITH COUPON $36.95· 

• Shoes and Peg Pants are extra 



6 OPINION 

Revelle 
Continued from page 4 
an additional three in-department 
electives to be c hosen by the stu-
dent) was to help ensure that stu-
dents would actually graduate in a 
reasonable amount of time. 

course, reduce this amount). 
Departments with impacted 

majors seem to have the ability to 
increase graduation requirements 
beyond all rea onable bounds; 
such is the nature of things as they 
are, you might say. 

The UCSD Guardian 

who insist that physical science 
and engineering profe sorsshould 
not have to teach anywhere near 
the load that humanitie and so-
cial science professors do, thus 
making it difficult for seniors to 
get into all the courses they need 

Take a worst case example: A 
student majoring in the B.S. pro-
gram in computer science (where 
the upper-divisioncourse require-
ment is 22 courses) at Revelle 
College who was ready for Math 
2A in his/her "freshperson" year, 
and was not able to waive any 
other requirements, would have to 
complete a total upwards of 250 
units (!) to graduate. 

Departments with impacted majors seem 
to have the ability to increase graduation 
requirements beyond all reasonable 
bounds ... 

It does not take three years of 
calculus to figure out that this same 
student would have to complete 
an average of 20 or so units every 
quarter to graduate in four years. 
(Summer Sess ion would, of 

The problem arises, however, 
when the e same, however well-
meaning, professors and admin-
istrators who make these deci-
sions are the ones who complain 
that students spend too much time 
here at UCSD finishing their pro-
grams and thus prevent full herds 
of new students from entering the 
majors. 

These are also the same people 

in order to graduate when they 
want to. 

These are also the same people 
who would actually like to in-
crease the cou rse requirements for 
engineering and computer science 
majors, and, you can bet, these are 
also the same people who are 
behind the current agenda of the 
UCSD Committee on Educational 
Policy to try to place a cap on the 

SETH SLATE R, Editor In Chi~f St.iDr s..n \\'rtIorrI;: Aadrea ~ C1rrnJbM, HUIIm'. 81lM how, 10M SIIIw. "-drey W.-:ctt 
DAVID WYNER, Managing EdilOr 
ANTO BITTNER, Ne.'s EdilOr 
C ATHERINE DILLE, News Edilor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion EdilOr 
DANA CHAIKEN, A$$ociatt Sporl$ Edilor 
JAMES COLLIER. Features Editor 
BRYAN DlAS, Music Edilor 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Edilor 
PHIL GRUEN, Sporls Edilor 
PATTY JETTIE, HiOlUS EdilOr 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associatt PholO Editor 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associatt Hialus Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics EdilOr 
JASO SNELL, Associale News Edilor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
BOB DeANDREA. Business Managtr 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advtrtisirrg Designer 
E. LEIG H HENRY, Classifi~d Managtr 

I N T R o D 

Scatr wrltut: lAur'I 8alcI". Mitt Dena. C)IIdwI c.phdl, Scola c..er, Elk GusaaI ... C'IIrWIII ..... 
__ ....,. .... ,_'oIio_.lMa ................... __ ._Odiou. 
~ f"NIIl. Dtvid f'Ut.dII. ka. SwnItJ. AI/Illrey Ly. w'-'r.r. JCMiftry~ 
_ ...... _ "-l.a,.. _"'"" __ ,.c..y..-_ ~ IIriIo """'Rhz.o;o, 
I~ MiIoCoopar, Rd. Ford. T_)'~C-Lew, Bill MIIby,Md w..rttJo. K.rylloc, Trw-e 
T .... 
T"..: t..ny ~ 1(ari Bdetl, Md_ hwt. u.c ~.J" toW ..... 
c .. ,-... Oyc_.o..c--., ......... -s.n.r 
............ Sc Clloa. Orw::e a... MdiIdII ..... -. CIwiI K.ow8CI., R* MIc:l.eaa.. JdT Y....-cW 

n..u=G_ .......... _ .. ~ ......... __ "" ... "' .. _ .. UCSD. 
~ 01 dO W-wsplptliI.at rc-.. wifaa' ill .... ,. ill ..,. n.a....,.-. __ ilJIriaIy ~ 
C)19I9 • • ,....JIC:tCt\IfDd. 
n. C......., ... ~ Jordtcm..of-*itcd--=riIIU(I'1rt. ne"lcwse.,..:dil ~artd 
...... 1caas.~ .. _--'lJ .... ., ..... fAn.C..,..,..~~oIc.1iJonai11 
OIkAstocil6od5altdelUoIUCSO. VieM~.""""""..-."""apillDfllTlteC""" 

_~ ~~of_cGo.~ . ...... aIiW • .ewsaiilm .......... CIIIar. 
~:514.06510 a--.: SJ4.J466 UC'SOB..oI6.LaJol .... CA 9'lO9] 

GUAKnIAN 

IT c r N G 

COLLEGE NIGHT 
Tuesdays 

10-0UNCE DRAFT BEER . . . .. . . . .. . .......... 50 C 
MARGARITAS ........ .. ... ... ......... ..... .. . $2.00 
LONG ISLAND TEAS ... ..................... $2.00 
SAFARI FOOD SPECIALS ..... .... ........ . $1.49 

o A.. 

S u K~S"tAU~,GHt ..nCC'At,~M hese drillk sWials ~Prwu- d rcCCiI'e t ""ft~ t"b 0'1 • ~ 
. p<JV S ~ •.••• 

Brillg "' () '. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $2.00 
Drah B~ers . .. ' .. ' .............. ' $2.00 
N\argantas .. .. . .. . 

l ·\ands .... . \.-ong 5 

8980 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
La Jolla .587-1993 

I'ru/Ju If) "'lliITnl 

-~-----

number of units students can take 
here at UCSD before they are 
forced to either leave or graduate. 
These people need to realize that 
something has to give, and hope-
fully not the mental health of stu-

. dents. 
Having aid all of this, and 

looking at things from a different 
angle,lmust say that there is much 
to c ommend about Reve ll e 
College's particular program, as it 
forces would-be engineers to study 
other subjects in more depth than 
some of the other colleges on 
campus. 

An engineer who would like to 
be a whole person needs to realize 
that there is more to life than the 
thousand ways he is being taught 
to take the area under a curve. 

Monday, November 13, 1989 

An AMES major, for instance, 
who would like to work for 
NASCO designing oil tankers 
might benefit from bei ng required 
to take an environmental studies 
course or two. 

Col lege should bea place where 
students broaden their knowledge 
and exercise their imagination; we 
need to be able to explore other 
areas outside of our majors, both 
those of interest to us and those 
not immediately of interest to us, 
in order that we may become 
whole, responsible people. UCSD 
professors and administrators need 
to be reminded that creati ve and 
knowledgeable people cannot all 
be stamped out of the same intlex-
ible mold in four years. 

Bard-Alan Finlan 

-Quotables-
Jerry Ford is a nice guy, but he played too much 
football with his helmet off. 

- Ly1uIIm Jolmso1l 
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered 
by an occasional assassination. 

- Voltll;n 

How can one conceive of a one-party system in a 
country that bas over 200 varieties of cheese? 

- CINIrles lie G".ule 

I have always given it as my decided opinion that no 
nation had a right to intermeddle in the internal 
concerns of another; that everyone had a right to form 
and adopt whatever government they liked best to live 
under themselves. 

- George WlISbi"aton 

Abortion Services 
291-6853 

• Confidential 
• Caring Staff 
• Comfortable 
• Low Cost / MediCal 
Se Habla Espanol 

1075 Camino del Rio South, Mission Valley 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
of San Diego & Riverside County 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

DESERT: Land Use Debated 160 witnesses from throughout the state, Levine, who presided over 
the hearings, thanked speakers for 
their input and said that it would be 
helpful in drawing up the final 
draft of the legislation. 

Continued from page 1 

Anything that damages the eco-
system will have very long effects. " 

Specifically, environmentalists 
who supported the Act testified 
Saturday before the Congressional 
Subcommittee on National Parks 
and Public Lands that such activi-
ties as desert mining and off-road 
vehicle (ORV) use contribute to 
the urbanization and destruction of 
desert wilderness areas. 

OR V use, a major concern 
among UCSD students who at-
tended the field hearings, has been 
blamed for causing a 60 percent 
loss of desert animal life in moder-
ately used ORV areas and as much 
as a 75 percent loss in heavily used 
areas, according to Sierra Club 
information. 

"You can 't have wildemess and 
still drive over it," said Elden 
Hughes, a director of the Califor-
nia Desert Protection League. 

Hughes explained that tank 
tracks from maneuvers during 

'World War II are still visible near 
the East Mojave Desert. 

According to written testimony 
submitted to the subcommittee by 
Chris Burnett, founder of the 
UCSD Greens, a newly-fonned 
campus chapter of a national envi-
ronmental group, there are alterna-
tives to potentially destructive 
desert pasttimes. 

"To risk the sacrifice of many 
wildlife species and the continued 
destruction of this valuable natural 
environment for off-road recrea-
tion is wrong when considering 
the alternatives available," 
Bumett's testimony read. 

"From my perspective, you can 
not say there will be no off-road-
ing," said Burnett, a former off-
road vehicle enthusiast who quit 
riding because "the amount of 
wildlife out here is very precious." 

Burnett discussed the possibil-
ity of using what he called "sacri-
fice areas" to reach a compromise 
between the interests of environ-
mentalists and off-roaders. Such 
areas. already in existence in some 
state parks, are reserved for use by 
off-road vehicles. 

.... ~ .... -G :U~~ I _ ....... _ ..... _ ... 

For off-roader , however, the 
issue of desert land use is not 
subject to compromise. 

"The supporters of this bill 
wouldn 't close a city park and then 
tum it back into wilderness," said 
Ridgecrest Motorcycle Club 
member Keith Collins who testi-
fied that this is what the bill would 
do to off-roading areas in the des-
ert. 

According to others who op-
pose the proposed Act, OR V use in 
wilderness areas runs deeper than 
recreational concems. 

Barstow Chamber of Com-
merce member Mary Sullivan 
explained that local ORV races are 
a major source of revenue for the 
city and expressed her personal 
concern over the possible discon-
tinuation of two annual races. 

"11lere's no doubt that we will 
lose those" if the CDPA passes, 
she said in reference to the Fouth 
of July and upcoming Barstow-to-
Las Vegas races. 

In his closing remarks follow-
ing eight hours of testimony by 

"I want to emphasize that , obvi-
ously, there is a lot of hard work 
that needs to be done on th is legis-
lation," Levine said. "It is by no 
means in its final form. " 

The chairperson added that in a 
final field hearing, to be conducted 
in Los Angeles sometime in Janu-
ary, the subcommittee will "be 
welcomi'lg input and we will be 
sitting down with proponents and 
opponents to try to make sure that 
the final product is a product that is 
as solid as possible." 

Some at the hearings, however, 
viewed the political process with 
open cynicism. 

"Don't you worry," said Herb 
Stein who has been a Barstow resi-
dent for 42 years, "these guys will 
all go home, and they' ll all feel 
good, and Mel Levine and his 
buddy Cranston will do whatever 
they think will belp their political 
position." 

Lights & Sirens 
Selected entries from the police activity log book for 
the week of Nov. 5 to Nov. 11: 

Tuesday, Nov. 7 
3:00 a.m.: A specialized Rockhopper bicycle was stolen from the 
Atlantis bike racks on the Revelle campus. Loss: $630. 

Wednesday, Nov. 8 
9:36 a.m.: A student reported annoying phone calls at the Ocean-
view apartments about 9 :00 a.m. in the moming. 

Thursday. Nov. 9 
9:45 a.m.: A counterfeit parking permit on a white BMW parked 
in a campus lot was seized. ' 
2:48 p.m. : A student reported being assaulted by a 45-year-old 
white male in the area of the old Student Center. 
2:50 p.m.: A student was struck on the hand while attempling to 
remove an unauthorized "white supremacist" poster on a bulletin 
board at the old Student Center. 
J 0 :30 p.m.: A custodian found a plastic bag of methamphetamine 
in the police station interview room while cleaning up. 

Saturday, Nov. 11 
6:50 p.m.: A student suffered insulin shock at the Warren Apart-
ments. Paramedics responded, but the student was not transported 
to a hospital . 

-Compiled by Scott Lanterman 

... ....... -~ 
'-~ ._-. ~.~~-:--~ 

tgd I~ at aju«<:.e- fP-W' tHOUid J/u!nd fo 
a'b~~ ~cut. @~fjUaCty, 
~~atc:!/~..#ou~. 
Men's Cuts .: ... ..... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21 .00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 
WIth: Yvome, Koren. Nicole 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

NEWS 7 

More than Copies 

open 24 hours 
Instant Passport Photos Pick Up & Delivery 

Laser Typesetting 
Binding 

Fax Service 
Self Serve Macintosh TM 

New Services Will Include: 
Laminating 
Oversize Copies 

Color Copies 
& more! 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Square 

Call for the location nearest you. 

Ring in 
a Holiday DeaL 

452·UCSD 

Get 2 0riginaI1.atge Cheese Pizzas for 

I OtI.Y $12.88. Topping just St.17 each I pizza. Tax not incbled. 
I JUST ASKI III 
I No coupon.-y. I CAll USI _ 
I 452-UCSD - ® 
• 3211 HoIday Ccut.liniIId time • . oJ 

~--------CLIP TO SAVE TIME AND MONEY. 
3211 Hoilday Court 
Ho\Js: 
4 :~ 1am SIIl.-nus. 
4::q,m.2am Fri. & Sal. 



8 NEW The UCSD Guardian M onday, Novembe r 13, 1989 

PAINE almo t univer ally and now "al- gram. have been enonnously productive Malthusian species which is for-most every mission that's launched Paine re ponded that the Ameri- investments in the pa t," he said. ever doomed to fight each o ther for 
Continued from page 1 from Earth by any nation has other can space program has had two Paine used the analogy of Queen scarce resources on a lim ited earth 

nations' componenls on it." fundamental economic rami fi ca- Isabella 's investment in the voy- ... to an open-ended specie Ihal 
He said this new spiri t led to the Referring to President George tions. First, it has fos tered various ages of Columbus to emphasize can move on up from the surface of 

joint Apollo-Soyuz mission be- Bush 'sstatementoflastJuly, Paine anns control treaties verified from his point. Isabella financed Co- the earth to absolutely unending, 
tween the U.S. and the USSR in said the U.S. is hoping to lead the space which, in tum, allowed for lumbus ' journeys to the New limitless horizons. Our aspirations 
1975 and gave a new dimension to world in creating an international the cutting of defense budgets. Sec- World, and in return, Spain reaped are whatever we have the will and 
supel1>Ower relations. space port in orbit. Bu h ' s plan ond, the clchnology required to get the benefits of his explorations . the courage to do," Paine said. 

"I'd like tothink that just a little calls for a space orbit by 200 I, a to the moon stimulated a number Asked if the benefits of space Paine concluded that this idea 
bit of the credit for the whole penn anent ba e on the moon by of industries , especially the com- exploration will be felt "intema- "is one which can help everyone in 
glasnost . .. thawing of the cold 2004, and a station on M ars by puter and aero pace industries. tionally" and not simply by the the world understand the role of 
war should go back to the opening 2015. These goals, Paine said, are Paine added that while there are advanced industrialized nations, our species in the cosmos." 
up of this joint space activity and technologically feasible but can many pressing social problems Paine answered that the "benefits Paine' s lecture was sponsored 
the shutting down of the Apollo only be done "internationally." which should receive proper allen- of space can go out to everyone in by the newly-fonned International 
competition," Paine said. In aquestion and answer period tion, the space program should not the world." The princ iple benefit , Politics and Economics Forum, a 

Paine added that recently the following the speech, one student be completely neglected. he said, is a new consciousness of student organization which aims 
principle of international coopera- asked about the tangible economic "History teaches us that science humanity as a whole. to promote political and economic 
tion in pace has been accepted paybacks of having a space pro- and technology and exploration " Humanity is changing from a debate at UCSD. 

INSTRUCTORS PUBLISHING 
Salle Inolley at Cal Copy and 
pass it 011 to your ,'\/udellis! 

D HARDDISK ONLY !;D 
Mac Hard Dis k Specials IBM XT IPC/ AT Specials 

A p ple Mac II, SE, Plus HARDDISK ONLY SpeciaJ 
20 MS External, 65ms Hard Disk, with cables and software 
Originally $495 . _ .. _ .. _ ..... __ . _ . _ .... _ . _ .... _ .. Sale $379 

\1 

La' L[]PY 
WHl'T (;() .-\}l\'ll 'here El.~e? 

• SElf SER\I1CE COPIERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 
• Free Par1<ing • Book Binding 
• Copies while you wait 

Hours: M-Th 8:30-6:30, Fri. 8:30-6, 
Sat 12-4. 3211 Hobday Court 

La Jolla next to Sl Germoin's 

A.S . LECTURE NOTES SERVICE 

IS NOW HIRING NOTETAKERS 
FOR THE WINTER QUARTER. 
TO APPLY, GO TO THE CAREER 
CENTER AND BRlNG REFERRAL 
TO OUR OFFICE TO PICK UP AN 
APPLICATION BY FRI. NOV. 17. 
WE ARE LOCATED IN THE OLD 
STUDENT ADJACENT TO SOFT 
RESERVES. OPEN M-F 10 - 4. 

POSSIBLE CLASSES FOR WINTER QUARTER, 1990. 

Anthro 22,23 
Biology 1, 2,3, 12, 101, 102, 106, 111, 122, 134, 151 
Chemistry 6A, 6B, 6C, 140B 
CSE 62A, 70 
Economics lA, 4, 110A, 120A, 120B, 151, 176 
Philosophy I, 12, 27 
Physics lA, 1B, 1C, 2A, 2B, 2C 
Political Science 7, 10, 11, 12 
Psychology 1,3,5,60, 101, 106, 131, 172, 181 
Social Science lOB 
Sociology 1B, 10,20 

IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL 534-6238 

• 

• 

External Disks Internal Disks 
20 MS, 40ms .... $43S 20 MS, 40ms .... $325 
30 MS, 40ms .... $450 30 MS, 40ms .... $360 
45 MB, 4Qrns .. . . $499 4S MS, 40ms ... _ $423 

installa tions on 
internals .. $40 

64 MS, 40ms .... $557 +64 MS, 40ms . _ . _ $499 "Good on 
80 MS, 28ms .... $619 *80 MS, 28ms .... $590 Mac II 's only 
Please call (or larger sized internal and external hard disks over 80 MB. 

IBM raXT/AT and Compatible Hard Disk Cards 
20 MS, 40ms, (XT) .... $299 20 MS, 40ms, (AT) _ ... $349 
30 MS, 4Oms, (XT) .... $310 30 MS, 40ms, (AT) .... $380 
20 MS, 40ms, (Tandy) _ $305 45 MS, 40ms, (AT) . _ .. $475 
HARDDlSK ONLY carries Conner. CDC, Mu tor. Micropohs, Mimscnbe, PriaRl. Quantum, Seago le. Etc. 
Ul disks ranglllg from 20 MB to IS CB. All hard disks come with a one ye., parts &. labor warranty and a 
free hard chsk management class AU prodUd nAftS fttdioMd are tndftNfb ~ lheU' mp«u~ IwldcI'S 

• 
• 

455-0277 FAX 455-6139 Visa and MasterCard accepted Sale ends December 1. 1989 

$20 Rebate 
On HP's Top-of-the-line Calculators 

• HP 285 Advanced Scientific Calculator 
• HP 178 Business Calculator 
• HP Business Consultant II 

Applies to purchases made between 
November'l, 1989 and. December 31, 1989. 
Come in today for details. 
HP Calculators - the best 
for your success. r~3 HEWLETT ~~ PACKARD 

!)O()I\STO!<[ 
• II ~I I 

Computer Center 
Electronics 

• 

534-4320 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

Monday, November 13, 1989 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAYTIIROUGH FR IDAY 

g;OO-4:JOp.m.- llvnorll Yturklthops .tnd lIu.hvKlUJI a!tSISla~e for frc~h · 
n~n and IAlphonlC:)fe!l Th~ ,,-orkwop will focull on Ihe ~hort p:.per. the 
e)~y (''(;lm.llnd the profc'isor:., a panncr Students Will have the oppor-
tUllity 10 Ic:un:. Yoord pAAC'illolny )1('111. SAA ludentlo arecspetlullycn· 
(:ooraged '0 apply. CJII FJlTtIi Foreman "1534-7344 for further Informa· 
lion or 1111 appointment USB 4070 Free. 

8:00a ,m.-4 :.'4)p.m. OAS IS Rcadm, lind Study Skills Center offers 
one'to-one Personal Assistantt for Learmn. (PAL) conferences to im-
pro"e yotlr\klll~on the foUowlna tOPICli; lime manaiclllen!, go..l-scllln&. 
proJCCt planmnjand orgiiOlzallon fOf re~ar\.h,I«lure fIOIC- la;'lO& smllC' 
al(S. PAL confel'tnc.:e art frt( aoo available by appolOlment. For more 
IOfomlJtion. call 534-1344 or lOp by U B 4010 Free. 

9:00a.m.· .. ·OOp."'.-ut OASIS RcadlngBnd SlUdy Sklll~ help you thiS 
quitter whh U~ managenlt'nl . OOletJklng. mKhenn prtpartllion. and 
teSi-lult.tn& \1r:atClic~. !.tOP by USB .uIIOorcaI1514 714410 §CI up a per· 
wnal appolnlmenr. Abo -.'iolay on lhe lookout for those valuable OASIS 
"Iudy sklll~ Yo·ork.'iohop, USB 4010 

8 :~ .m ,," : 30p.m.OASIS Wnitin~ Center offen frtt service for all 
UCSD ~Iudcnb \1000 fl(cd prc·~rllln' help.l·onfcn:ncesondrafts and ed-
lung :ad"ic.:c. \"'e engage Jny "md of ""nling and ony kind of ..... rilin& 
problem. eonrcl'tnce, an: by :lppoln lll~nt only. E\lcning appointmenls 
arc 01,,0 available I For full rJn~e of IoI!rvii..'C' see b;K'k of It\(" cutTtn t clll~ 
'oI:t\(duie). Call S3J-.22K4 of comc by oorofficc 10 malte an appoinlmcnl. 
Thl~ \C'NloCt i .... \<ailable throughout Ihe quarter. Sponsortd by IhcOAS IS 
Writing Cent.:r StlKJ.:m Center, Building A, Room 209. 

K:00a.m.-4:JOp.m.- The: UlnJ;uJa:c ProJ:t3nl provides n~Slancc IOSIU-
dents ..... ho~ n:uh·e langu:lJ;t IS nm English and 10 lhose doinl work in 
J3pane-.e. Sp.lnioJt. rr~ilI,.'h. Geml;!n. Hebrew and Olhtr langualcs. A 
dia£oosillo: T~st on ~rillen EnJ;lish a.'io:l ~ond lang uage is avai lable on reo 
qlltM. Cal l: 534-2184 for more informatioo . Siudent Cemer, Bui ldin, A. 
Frte. 

WORKSHOPS 

MO DAY, NOVEMBER 13 

I :JO-IO:OOa.m.-DIPOLAR GROUP. This group is fOf slOOenl$ who 
ha\ ~ b«n dia~no..cod a h;lVin~ a bipolOl rdi.sorder and 11ft Ni ng lrtated for 
ynlC. I,lout!! OKidrcs)Cd Yo III be Io:OPIn' Youh 1M p;t'tt. prescnt ilnd futurt , 
:md liVing \Ioilhor ~Ithout medication Led by Dan Munoz. 534-1~79. 
COOtat.t Dan for infonnltlOn and )liln·uP. Revcll~ College Provost 'S 
Office. 

9:()()..I O:3Oa.rn. RED III. This group I~ fot lI tooents '*00 art beyond 
reau!;ar p:Htern~orblngeing. dlcting.OfptJrging btl! who want tocond nue 
their M'lf-dcvc!opmcntthrough IllCrca~d levels ofshannJand t.NSC. "The 
~p WIJ I lurn loexpenence fcclingsor gre:ller inti macy and self-aceep-
l;aoce. lcd by Reina Juarcl. S~·387S , 300 Evellc Ludman. 534-3585. 
Call Rein;a for:t brief pn:lllnmary appointmcnt befort comin& 10 Ihe 
&roUp. IIlOJ GH. 

J :lMl-S:OOp.m.-RED II (RECOVERING FROM E ... TING DISOR-
DERS) GROUP. This group is designed for students who regularly 
en"a¥c in bin, ... purie pattern but want 10 Slop thecyclt. Wilh kxs ofsup-
port. students will work both in;and OUt of group 10 Undt:fltllnd lMnlSClvrs 
and to change lhelrhc:havlor. II i recol1l~nded that st udC' ntS be,in with 
a RED I group btfore comldg to thb ooc. Lcd by Kathy Kashima • .B4 .. 
JS8.S. Call Kalhy for Wromlallon and !Jsn·up. 1003 Gil. 

TUESDA Y. OVEMBER 14 

12:00-I :JOp.m. COPING WITH CIIRO~ IC ILLNESS ... ND P ... IN. 
This Group I~ for lIIuOcnts dealing 'WIth l:hronic il lncssor pa in in th~ir o .. n 

h\C~s or 111 the h"~ of M.:mfu:ant ~h(rs. Topics to be addressed include 
pam/M~s~ nl;lnal::(m(nIICChl1l~u(!t. h.lOdlinl dcprc sion und lQ)s. tkal-
Ing Yt' lth IllCdlLJltrtJtmenl t1nd develOPing suppon s),stcms. Copingskill 
devclopnlC'1l1 and J ltupponl\( comonrncnl ~ III be: emphmsiz('(i. Lcd by 
JCJnnc l\1 ;mc"IC and Carol Lc Bccur. r-ora pn:l lllllni'lty appointment before 
1:00llOII I0 the sroup pka)C colli Carol at 534-0256. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
2:lMl-J:JOp.m.- UNDERGRAOU ... TE WOMEN·SGROUP TIII._ 
Will r. usonconccm commonlmoncundcryadualewomc:n,inclooln, 

rclatlon~hip issues. family of onglft., won: and Klf-csteem. St~ and de-
veloping fami ly idenlilY Ud by Miriam IosUPOVIO and Yvrl1e Mitnlnl. 
Call MinamaIS34-02SS or V\,elte ll S14-1725 fora preliminary appotnt-
rr'l(nl btrort coming 10 the poop 1(0) GH. 

2:00-4:00p.m. - SOCI ... UKILLS WORKSHOP. Tlu'poop",,11 locus 
on devclopin,g skills for meeting wi th OIher people. converYlions. nser 
IIvencs lind leneral comfon in Croups. Led by IUthy Kashim:l Call 
K"hy .. .134-3.18.1 Io<'nlormarion and sip -up. 2148 flSS. 

W EDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 15 

8:30-10:00..... GR"'DUATE MEN'S AND WOMEN'S GROUP ... 
wttkly ,roup ror &raduare pudents interesiCd in explonnsn:bttOnships. 
academiciprorcssionaJ iuues and penonal concems. Lcd by M imAm 
losupovici. l34-0l55. Call Miriam ror infomulion and I prchmi!W} 
interview beforc cominS 10 the croup. 1003 Gil. 
J :0004:00p.m_ --{;ROUP FOR UNM01,v ... TEO AND PROCRASTI-
NATING snJOENTS. A poupfOf RuctencS .... ho find It dlmcullto pudy 
Of get sHtntd on the wririn& of papers and who feel ma l JChooI lS no!: the 
place fot thtm It this time. Lcd by Hup PlUes. S)4..14l6.. Revrl le 

ProYosI 'S Of'rK:C. 

l : .. -4 : JOp .... - ... SIA N STU-
DENTS ' SUPPORT GROUP_ Th" 
&roup is desiznrd to akhn.s the: 
COIIIZmS 0( AsIan slUdmtsat UCSD 
in I probIcm·5OIvin& and SUppur1I\,C 

atmosphoe~. L5~ SUC'b Ob r:anul, 
s)'StemS in cultural lr.lMltion. dhnM: 
identiay, IIvinS in two cultuns as 
students, communicalin& with oth· 
en. IIId ,,,,,,",I00>I and ac_ 
SU'C:SS .n Possible discusslm lOp-
M:s. Lcd by Je ..... MoneS<. SJ4-
3035. Call .kaMe for inform.ation 
and si&n-up. 1003 GIl. 

5:Ja.':eIp.a.-G ... Y ... NO LES· 
BI ... N CO-SEXU ... L SU PPORT 
GROOP .. bve I '1UCStion'J Wanl 
iOI'DCOftC 10 l&lk 107 Need I suppor-

live ~vironmtnt,?Comcjoin Y§! in-
dividual (;()Unselln, with Lw also 
.vaiIabIe:. The ",,"p i> led by Motk 
and Lisa. .134-20'-3. SpomomI by 
Psycholocical Saviccs. Women -, 
Resowa: CcnICr. 

TH URSDA Y. NOVEMBER 16 

4:000S: JOp.m.- ... DULTS MOLESTED AS OIILDREN . ... ",,"p lor 
men and women who survived moIclWioa in c hildhood or adoIesccnce 
by Mrangers, acquaintanc~ utd/or fami.1y members. Lcd by Miriam 10-
~upovici and Evcllc l udm.1n. Call Miri.-n I' 5J4..0255 for infonn:lIion 
and )ign-up. 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 17 

12:30-1:DOp.m.- RED I WORKSHOP. This is a psycho<ducauonal 
workshop ror students ."..ho wanlto beQomc: f'IlOft: aware: of their eatin, 
habi ls and how the)' may be: triuercd and mainuincd. Habit·breakinl 
I« hniques. buildin& se lf-esteem. uscn.ion Ullinin,. and othcf oopinc 
mclhods ..,,11 btexplottd. Lcd by ReinaJuara. S.I4-Jl7S •• nd ~ Bar-
nell. 5J4-J035. Call Reina or Diane for. brief pn::limiuty appointment 
before comin, 10 Ihe P'OUP. 2141 HSS. 

2:a.-l:.lIp.-.- ALCOHOL AND SUBST ... NCE ... BUSE GROUP. II 
you ever asked "00 I have a pmbIemr. cMncc5 an: you do have a few 
thinp 10 lalk abouL Lcd by Dan Munm and Crystal Shannon. Cal l Dan 
at 534- 1579 for infoonalion. RenUe: Provost's OffICe. 

2:J0-4:.lOp.m.-AC ... PSYOtO-EDUCATION ... L SUI'PORT GROU P. 
This is:a Slructumi suppon &rouP r«students whoW ANT 10 learn about 
the adult chik1rcn of akoholiQ pilterns in their lives. We .... iII expkn 

ramilydyn;mK:s iUld rolcs.how5Clf~is dcveklpcdllldmai"'1Iincd, 
ruxS how our adult lives <m: affccted. Lcd by Beverly Harju. ~34-3981. and 
Diane: Barnell • .134-303.1. Call_yo< Dione: lor prdiminary inl"",,"-
tion before comins to the group. 1(0) GH. 

4:_ :00p.m.-CAMPUS 8LACKFORUM_A WttklydilCU ..... poop 
on the issues. concerns and quaJil)' of life of &he 8lack c:onwunity at 
UCS D. Led by P11il Ra ...... l. SJ4.0052. -' CIyItaJ S __ . _ run 
View LounSC'. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17 

The old Triton P\lb re-DpCns fOf one nieht only. Haf'dcxn Film Produc· 
tlonS presents: Schwa.. The Del Rubio Tripleu. I-bib, and SunmdeI" 
Dorothy. plus OJ sound_. da.ncin&and freerdrcshments.. TtcketsS7.0011 
UCS D Bo~ 0fJ'K.'e - pre-sale only! UCSD Triton Pub 

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 18 

S:oo.I2:DOp .... -Posada - A La, .. Ovi ....... celd",u""lnlCtnaliooaJ 
Cent( r. 

ATNESS AND RECREATION 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13 

Jusc when you thou"'l !his round of midlmnS "'C'f'C 
over ... you g ill haveonen"O"e al AT STOP. Gel a 10 
test FR EE fit ness aSJCS50Itnl al Srudcat health. SlOP 
by Of call S34-1824 to make )'OW' :appoinunenL STU· 
dent Health Center. III Floor. 

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 14 

The lhoughl 01 havinc a body compD5ition lCR ri, ht 
aflerH.llowcenmi&h(.,;us. ... eyoucrinFbul~'s 
no benc:r time. Get • full fimcss assewnr.nl throup 
FIT STOP II S"odcn,IbI,h. SlOp by ... aU.l34- 1824 
to rmke an appoincmc._ SIUdcft( t-tc ... Ccnea-. 151. 
Floor. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16 

Wondcrinl .... Y )'011- OUI of _ watkinl lrom 
PH .. USB1 Fediot .lilll ... ilr..d _ .... days? 
Check ycur .... , of ....... aad f!lld 011'_ you ..... 
do 10 impnM: __ • ~'..,idI FITSTO!'. 
Come by S,," ... _ .. <all .1.14-1824 100you'Iroc 
assessmenL Sludcm ttcallll Cenkr. I" floor. 

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18 

Come 10 Disneyland 0.,. at a dilotounl n lc' If Inler· 
(\Ied. ool3C1 TOllvny "'57 -KISS ur WI! 4~.9784. 
MWIIC ... hoIlC l.nun. al UIlI¥InlIY Luther.m Chun.h 
.1I K (X);;a m. (comer of N. T(JI"R'~ I~nn attd u Joll .. 
Shorn [)nyc). RKics will be pro..-Mkd 

MEETINGS 

TUESDA Y. NOVEMBER 14 

8:00p.m. UntOn of Je Yo I~ SIOOtnt M«tlnl 

WEDNESDA Y. NOVEMBER 15 

2:00p.m. The h .... el ACliVIIM:S Committee ha an In· 
formanon Tabteup III Revelle Plaza Corne and talk WIth 
jeWish stWent.!i :llboot JeWish lire on camptlS and oppor· 
tum tiCS for vtSUlng hrxl Rcvclle Piau. 

' :oo,.m. CoIk:&c Dcmocr.lIs ilfe havlII" ;l mecttnJ to 
plan fOf nextqulI1er. P1asc corne .md ICtlOvoh(d! New 
members always welcome_ Gallery B • Pncc Center. 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17 

S:OOp.m.- Mu.!ihm Student orSJntz.;Ulon aenenl meet· 
inc in the Pncc Center. Berkcley Room. E\leryone I' 
w<1<omc:. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13 

7:ODp..1Il.-C'h1 AlphaChn!;uan Fellowship mtCl~. Come 
and c:etebnue the Lord! Price Ctnltr, Berkeley Room 

TUESDA Y. NOVEMBER 14 

Il:IO-I :OOp.m.- Blble Study Chnsbanlo who !lCarch 
the ScnptURS: and find the trulh abotll G()(t'lio ~ord. 
Everyone Invltedl We're 1ft the Book of John. Price 
Center, Room 5. 

Il:"' :OOp.m.-W~klyToroh study class with Rabbi 
000, Sioinick. Direclorof the Je ..... lsh Campu.!i Centersat 
UCSD. All ~ wck:omed to ,hi) text ,135.1 about the 
weekly 8i~ portion studied by the Je~ l~h QJOlffiURIty 
W Mauhews. 

' :OIp.m.- lnterfaith Dmner. 11l1s Interfilllh Th.tnks· 
living Dinner IS ~JOrCd by the 00« of Rd1il1OU' 
Aff;un :al UCSO and many of lhe ltIudcnt rtlt,lOU.s or· 
pruatKJns hc.rt. Jom Wllh n1e:m~1"5 or othcr f;lIt h~ In 
ct~bntiR' Th:Ulugivlnc at UCSD. The lne;tll~ ~CaCUUlan and pot·luck. 
University Lulhcr:an o.un:h. L.aJoHa VIIIJ,c Dn..-e.tOO N, Torrey PInC 
Road (opposite RC\lclk College). 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00p.IIL-CATHOLIC tASS. Sponsored by ,he C.nholic S,""" .. 
Community at UCSD. University Lutheran Church. COIner of N TOITC'Y 
Pines and Ut JoUa Shores Drive. 

WEDNESDA Y, NOVEMBER 15 

' :00-7:00p.m.-Uniled Campus MiOl!lU)' Blbk Rap, Here IS an oppor. 
tunity 10 join wilh O(her intclll,cnt ChnsHan~ ""00 an: looking ror sound 
BibfM."ai tcxhinl- V.C.M. IS the Oinlpul MIniStry or the Presbylcn.ln. 
MtLbcxhsl. U.CC .. and Di.sciples churches. One hourcommllmcnt means 
lhal we &ct down to busilleu. and tudy Goers .... ord' All arc .. clocomc:. 
Bldl- 1501 M ...... C. 

6:1Ip ............ Suppcr for student'f p~p:ited by the to'*n~ptopAe: of L:niver-
sity Luther.tnO".IKh. EvcryOl't( is,*eJcome Uni\cr.;ity LuI~r:lnQun:h 
(1Cf'MS the sueec from Rev(Ue C<HI~ge). 

7:11p.. .. -"'2Corimhians 2" 15 lhe Bible scudy topl' led by Campus 
PIsIor John HUber. Open to all . Univcrnl), Lutheran Chun:h (..cross the 
IfteI (rom Revt=Ue concJjC). 

7;J1p. ... - WEDNESD ... Y NIGIIT DISQlSSIONS "Sex.nd 5,,",,1-
ity. Pan II-Disputed Questions," 
Fr. ChriJ Will will kad . discus-
sion aboul lhe Catholic Church's 
leaCt.in, about a vlritry of sexual 
iuues. Price Cenlcr Conference: 
Room. 

1:00p.1IL- " How do I Find and 
Kttp M y ChrisriAn Identify?" is 
!he l"'I"i';" S<minar ,<>pic led by 
Campus POSlOr John Hu ber. 
Wdcomc. UnivcrsilY Lulhcr:m 
Onudl (across the SU'ttI from 
Revel le College). 

' :Jtp.m.-CANDLELIG HT 
MASS. A quia. mediralive time 
fm 5harinc: wi lh others. Sponsored 
by lhr CadtoIic Student Commu-
nit,. I I UCS D. Umvcnity Lu-
Ihcnn Cltun:h_ Corner of N. Tor-
n:y Piocs and La Jolla Shcn 
Drive. 

THURSDA Y.NOVEM-
BERI 6 

11: ....... I :Dlp .... - Jewish 
Campus Centers Inform:u ion 
Tab&c in Revelle PIau. Come and 
mttI Rabbi DouC Skxmck Director of the kYoISh Clmpus Centers:&I 
UCSD. This is a way 1O;C1 infonnatlOfl about JC~I!lh lire on campus. 
Revelle P1a.z.a. 

S:45p.m.- l 1-tE rnURSDAY DINNER. Homemade food and Creat 
~y. Sponsored by the Calhohc Student Community at UCSD. Unl-
VCfSlty Lutheran Church. c"thohc Loun&e. Comerof N. Torrey Pinesand 
La JoIb Shores Drive, 

l :JOrp.m.- BibfeStudy. EplSl.·opal collcge st udent Wcekly Bible lolOOY 
and month ly e,,"(-nts. SI. Eliubelh'lo Church, 2825 Merton A'tIC' .. S.D. 

1:Jlp.m. - BlblC' Study: Jom with Illtmlxn ofthc Catholic Conununity 
fmrd1ccuonanc:1s1wlnc about lhe upcomlR¥ Sunday Scriptures. Untver· 
sily Lulhc:ran Church, C:llho1K: Lounae.cOIl1(rofN. Tomy Plnesund La 
Jolla Shon::s Drive. 

FRID ... Y. NOVEMBER 17 

Il:JIp. .. - Forall MUl-lim students. friwy (Junlol'3) Prayer Yo ill be: held 
at the: Price Center, Bt.rlr.dey Room. 

' :IIp. .. - FRIDAY NITE SOCI ... L - U.C.M .• pon>On. mon,hly , .. h-
ainl for; run and fcUowship. We ..... W be i010110 Drowse)' Mauiel- fOf 
dllu'atf and musk'. JOtn us (or a l cod food and ,ood musIc. Meet lithe 
Campus MiniSlry orr ... Bldl • • SOl MAAC 6 p. m . .J\arp! ... 11 an: ~el­
rome. 

SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 19 

. : ........ -CA1l10 LlC M ... SS. Spon_d by C.,holl. S,"""n, Co",-
rnun"y.' UCSO. Unl~ity Lutheran Chur\.h.\urncror N. fOlTC), Pine 
and La Jol la Shotcs Dnv¢. 

11:10 and IO~oo..m.-EplM.QP"1 Ourth WorMIIP ScrvK:e. SundJy Eu· 
[hanS(:ux.I P:anllh fclloy,.l-hip. Good San\Jrllan tpl~opal Church . .11.21 
EaMcate MOIII - ICRho~ Gen(~ee Irom ea .. t co.J of \:alHpus. 

IO:GO-.a,m, Onnl \'Jnncd and p~"'J~~1 1t'll. .... 1 t'ft Ihl' \\ l,.-Jd IlunJier 
Sund;ay tU tM l. .. th('rJn "-Mhlp ~rvll.:e l'nl\""""~ IlJIh(rJn Chun.h 
I ..... ""~ the 'Maol fn"lOl k~\~lIc (,ollegcI 

II : 1Sa.m. I\ .... ed«t Jhoot dru~ .IOO\('. ·Th ... \\ UHler, Prvj;r;am," pre:-
IoCncnlby Athie Ie tor aStmnl AI~n..:a Optn IUJII L'nl'el"llt) Lut))!.:ran 
C'1Iurth tlKtmS the Slrttl (rom Re,"cllc Cullc~c:) 

Greg 8enes1G tll/rdjl lll 
Jc .... I.!oh MuJenb IU'C .... ekOluc al Ihis tn«lInl- SVIti 
O;uooroa Room, Poet C(nler 

5:11p.m. CATI IOUC MASS. Spun!lOl'td b) the ColthOl", Student 
Coovnuftllyal UCSO l,;ftI~CrloIlY LUlhcr.ar Chur\h. wrncr 01 r-. Turn:) 

9 

Pines and 1..3 Jolla Shorts On"C: 

9:00p. . tholic Ma:!Js. Spon~n:'d by the Catkolic Communuy :II 
UCSD. l.!nj\lersllY Luthcran Church, corner or '\ TOrTey Pint:1ri :lnd La 
JolI:!. Shores Dnv~ 

DISCUSSIONS 

MONDAY. OVEMBER 13 

2:00p.m.-OI· King Coic ,*as a merry old \OUI.;J mer!) old...oul '43" ht 
1.14 maidens, 1(00 cONioms. sponge':lnd diaphrJ~m".Jnd nO( one pres · 
nancy. Come Ic.1IT1 how,opany hk(ourro),JI fntl'ki.l l a BlnhConlrnlln· 
rormalloo Se .... ion Studenl Heallh Ct:!:nter. Re!>ource Room. Frcc 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14 

I :OOp.m. - DI.lphf:llams,JCllic:!J:loo plll~,oh my! DiJphrasm ... ,elliesand 
pills oh my! The ~llJrd :o:ay" It'S not up 10 me 10 ptc'wtnt pregnancy, you 
all havc 1\ wlthm youl'$tlves. Come learn .lOOut all the a .... :ulJble methods 
and the adv;lntages of eacA. Student H~allh Ccnter, 2nd Floor. F~. 

WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 15 

I :OOp.m.- Two !'itory houSC.I'40 'ar ~Jle and t~ochlldrtn . lr you're 
not'lUllC ready (or Ihill. ho~ I1bout~omln. lOa Btnh Control Information 
Session. They're fun. infOf'l'Nllve and )'OU gC'1 a (rce "lovc t:10\le .. Swdenl 
HeAlth Ccnler. 2nd Aoor. ffte. 

T HURSDAY. NOVEMBER 16 

I :OOp.m.-Ye'3!OllnftttIOOlo. unnary tr.K:1 inra:llom.ytX;k~ Fuw OUt ho~ 
lotakccarc:or )'UUI body and pn.:\cnttheltC unplc,l\Jntne, We '1 111150 talk 
!lbotH ~I\lic e'\ams :md nUIlCf'JI n:gulatlon, Stud~1lI H(.1lth Center. ~nd 
ROOf. FI'ft. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

MONDAY. O VEMBER 13 

Pick up urvi\lal kits lind Adopllon p:lper.io ror G.A.S Great Amencan 
Smoke Out Nov 16th - 2.l hour~of '\'0 S~1 0KING. I) Prepare Why do 
you .... .1nlto qUit? 2) PlctUI't SLk.'C(SS 3) Clean·up J..'ioh trJ.)s.lc~s pack~ or 
cig;u-cu(s. Put match book~ in aJM 4) PlC~ rt""Jrd, for your,Ul'l"CSS Stu· 
dent Health. EDNA, Psych. & Counsel. (FI\c ReMdenual LLre Offices.) 
F"!e. 

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 14 

Plot yourslf1ltcgies 10" in thcGreat ATllI:~anSl1lo~cOut No .. 16. Adopt 
B smolcr. Pu.k up adoption pot.pcrs and :rturv l\l;.IIr.IIS at \I:mou~ location 
on campus now: Student HC"i.hh. EDNA. ~yl.'h, &. Coun!oCl. Muir. War· 
ren. Revclle. Fi rth. 3nd Third ReSide nt Deans ' omcelt, Frt(. 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15 

Stock up on all yoortiids you nce.! for G_A S_ Ih . .N11UN01A J. Ptd. up lour 
urvl\'al kit:loo!ldoption papcnJt\l.v .... 'lU:rt ~,Jtlon,· \IUIf, Warnn, Flflh. 

Third, Revdl~ Rellld~nual LlrC and Studcntlk.dth, ED""\, Jnd P,yt'h 
& Coun~linl: Frc~ 

THLIRSDA).O EMBER 16 
I hUD<bj 'nl<tke-(lull> .. ) Doh L QUII "noL.ln~ h)r1~hllUr.. \\'(' ,up 
~ .... ~ ~~'U' ['AI )l~ h.I\C ~ltUr \Ill"ll\-allil • HJ\C \l'tl,khlptCJ ,L InelK! 1 Call 
... t., 1JIl) Ik.llih EdmJIIl'n \IUlr. \\ J.rTl:n. Re\elle. Thin!. Flflh R("l 
JenuJ.1 LI,(.II)',\ "Iwent IIr.lhh. P,)\.h t\. ClflJR\Cltna 

FRIDAY. OVE IBER 17 
J;OOp. m. Dc.KJlinc t(l arpl) lor 'ummer IOtcm:.hlp' Yonn the :"tCW 
Repubh\, ;&ftd En'<n.:h. both In \\0 JlIhtn.:tOfl DC . .too th1.: \lJ:.'>.ft.hU\Cth 
Ad\l:l .... ·cd StOOICll Pr~r .. m, In \lllton. \lJ'.'io I~ ludJ)" C'-1I11J\:t th\: A.S. 

Intcm.~hlp omu~ at lH 46S9 ror n~ InfOflNuOR ASIO Ofn .. c 



10 FEAT RES The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 13, 1989 

Features 

\\ 

illustration by Carla Lew 

o 
Toastmasters Tries to Help Students Improve Public Speaking Skills 

• Story by Leng Loh, Staff Writer 
icture yourself sometime in the near (or not-so-P near) future, about to join the work force. What do you think will get you that longed-for job, that first step towards a great career? Certainly your college 
degree will be imponant in qualifying you for the 

job, but hey- there 're a lot of people out there wilh college 
degrees. You've got 10 have something that will really set you 
aside. 

How can you make yourself stand out among the masses 
of college graduates seeking jobs? All the knowledge in the 
world won ' t help you if you flub up at your job interview. 

Obviously, how you present yourself and communicate your 
ideas may affect your success in today 's fast-paced world--no 
matter what field you enter. 

Yet, according to UCSD Toastmasters Mentor Betty PfIeeger, 
surveys ofUCSD graduates now in the work-force have revealed 
that "although the graduates rated very highly and very competi-
tively with graduates from any other university in the United 
States, they felt a distinct disadvantage in their communications 
skills. " 

UCSD no longer requires that students take a course in public 
speaking before graduating, though there was once a require-

See TOASTMASTERS, page 11 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

TOASTMASTERS: Club Strives to Nurture Members, 
Provide Atmosphere for Improving Speaking Skills 
Continued from page 10 
ment, PfIeeger said. Graduates of-
ten have little training or experi-
ence in preparing presentations and 
speeches, an invaluable skill in 
most professions, she said. 

The UCSD chapter of Toast-
masters International seeks to fill 
that gap by nurturing its members 
in a supportive atmosphere while 
they develop their speaking skills 
Pfleeger said. 

Toastmasters International is, 
according to its official monthly 
magazine The Toastmaster, "an 
organization dedicated to helping 
its members improve their ability 
to express themselves clearly and 
concisely, develop and strengthen 
their leadership and executive 
potential and achieve whatever 
self-development goals they may 
have set for themselves." 

Although earlier, now defunct , 
public speaking clubs on campus 
had included faculty and staff 
members,the three-year-old UCSD 
Toastmasters chapter focuses 
largely on students and theirneeds. 

"Our impetus isjust to be mainly 
forstudents-to give them the edge 
on the communication skills that 
they 're not necessarily gelling in 
their college or post graduate ex-
periences and which are so incredi-
bly important when they go out 
there in the real world," Pfleeger 
said. 

"When you get through with 
your education, [after] you ' ve 
invested so much time and so much 
effort , you have been just embed-
ded with megahertz of informa-
tion; but it's entirely another thing 
taking all that and being able to 
communicate it to somebody else, 
much less trying to impress some-
body that you know something 
about it," she said. 

Pfleeger aid that rather than 
being given formal training in how 
to prepare and present speeches, 
toastmasters learn chiefly through 
experience at meetings. 

" A lot of [the learning] goes on 

DO SOMITHING 
DUliNG YOUI 

HOLIDAY •• IAIC' 

Intensive lanQuage programs 
in France, SWitzerland, Spain, 
Germany & Italy. 3 - 10 week 
programs. Special language 
teacher refresher courses loo! 
Family or hotel accommoda· 
tions! Call for details and 
FREE catalog! 

CouncilTrIVll 
UCSD Prtce Center 0·076 

La Jolla, CA cn093 
61'·451·0630 

Thumbs Up to Gestural Language: Pointers on Communication 
~. No maIter how well youspsalc. if your actions b81ray your 

/lIIIMUIIIeSS, you may lose /he ffI8PtICI of your suditJnce. 
'TNChyourh8tldllo6p8llcwflhalJllotityWld you'lCtJlT/lT/lfti 
BIIenIion, • wrote professional writer and corporste traiMr 
CIris Rogsrs inatWCflfllissuBof 1hB D1MfrrMfer magazine. 

• DItInnInIIIon Hand forms a fist. 
• ..... 1......... PMns face I4l and out,lingers pointing 
sIighIIy downward and spread. 

Using your hands to convey your ideas and emotions 
could maJrs your tTI8SSIItJ8 comtI aaoss more strongly, both 
In pUJ6c speaking and in intBrpBrsonaJ communication. A 
few of Rogers' "" Oil body language: 

• AcIM 1nttnI-Hands are pursed in a gripping or groping 
gesture, fingers pointing upward, as if holding a ball with the 
fingertips . 
·W ....... shylllll or IUbmIulon - Hands droop at the 
wrist. 
Body Moytmeng; 

egpwgsgep"" • Forw.rd - To greet, agree, question Of show surprise. 
• The PoInt - Projects an image 01 authority. The pointing 
finger wiI draw more attentiOn and carry more authority if you 
keep lhe forefinger and wrist straight. 

• BIcIIwIrd - To say no or refuse; in abhorrence, hate Of 
lear. 
• UpwIrd and outwIrd - For all happy emotions. 

• The Chop - Hold your fingers straight and together. Then 
make a short, chopping motion to pooctuate an idea. When 
I'Ml hands are used (sometines caIed the Mussolini Chop), 
you can define size or territory, as in 'our cut of the cake." 
• The Pomd - The closed-fist "pound" indicates strong 
feeing, whether you're pounding it into your other palm or on 
the Iectem. To be effective, however, it should be used 
SI*ingIy. A speaker who gats carried away with the "pound" 
resembles an angry child throwing a temper tantrum. 
EmpIIpI. GIqJ,.: 

• DownWIrd Ind Inward - For all sad emotions. 
• Downwlld only - To express tiredness Of being "fed up .• 
• SIdeWIy., erma open - To express goodness, bravery, 
honesty. 
.SIdeWIys,lI'IIISc:Ioeed-To express craftiness, cunning. 
·In. tum - To indicate a decision made or a complete 
change of mind. 

• PIIIcIng or begging - Hands are open, palms up, 

"Our impetus is just to be mainly for 
students- to give them the edge on the 
communication skills that they're not neces-
sarily getting in their college or post gradu-
ate experiences and which are so incredibly 
important .... " 

at Toastmasters meetings that you 
aren't really aware of," PfIeeger 
explained. "The whole program is 
multi-faceted ... 

The sessions are conducted 
exactly like other Toastmasters 
meetings throughout the world, 
although UCSD Chapter Mentor 
David Cupp said that they try to 
keep meetings as informal and 
friendly as possible. The officers 
of the club rarely conduct the en-
tire meeting; as the floor is usually 
handed over to another toastmas-
ter. 

Everyone eventuall y plays a role 

-Betty Pfleeger 
in a meeting, thus allowing each 
memberto practice his or her lead-
ership skills. Among the various 
positions designated to different 
members each week are grammar-
ian, crutch word counter, Table 
Topics chairperson and evaluator. 

The grammarian keeps track of 
grammatical errors made by 
members of the club. 

"The job of the grammarian 
isn't as simple as it sounds," UCSD 
Chapter President Danny Osman 
commented. "You have to change 
the way you're listening to the 
speeches; instead oflistening only 

for content, now you have to listen 
to the way people say things, too. " 

The crutch word counter acti-
vates a lillIe clicker device every 
time a speaker uses a crutch word 
such as "uh." 

The Table Topics chairperson 
is in charge of deciding the topics 
for the on-the-spot speeches. Table 
Topic speeches force che members 
co chink quickly. as chey are given 
only 45 to 70 seconds in which to 
present their replies. 

Members also periodically give 
prepared speeches. Near the end of 
the meeting, the peechesareevalu-
ated oraJly by designated mem-
bers. The evaluators attempt to 
constructively critique the speak-
ers by pointing out not only their 
weaknesses, but their strengths as 
well. 

"That was one thing the founder 
of toastmasters was adamant about: 
that the evaluations be done with a 
real concern for the person's feel-
ing," explained PfJeeger. "You 
have to give them something they 

Dl.,.lrslt" hent •• ,.11UIDfU] 

"1f you can't convey 
your ideas to other 
people, and influence 
them, then you're not 
a good leader. " 

-DavidCupp 

can build on-be a little critical. 
but not devastating, so they can 
feel good about themselves." 

Members of Toastmascers build 
on their skills with each speech 
they present. With every speech 
and subsequent evaluation, they 
should become more and more 
confident of their abilities, Cupp 
said. 

According to Cupp, "The con-
fidence that you gain will be a big 
help in terms of developing your 
leadership, because without the 
communication skills, you don't 
have the leadership. If you can't 
convey your ideas to other people, 
and influence them, then you're 
not a good leader." 

Members of Toastmasters In-
ternational have gone on to some 
fairly impressive careers. The San 
Diego City Council has a few 
Toastmasters in its ranks. Former 
U.S. President Jimmy Carter is a 
toastmaster. Graduates of UCSD 
who were members of the campus 
chapter have become lawyers and 
bus iness executi ves, Pfleeger said. 

Yet not all members of the 
UCSD Toastmasters are necessar-
ity aspiring leaders. When asked 
why he joined, one new member 
replied, "Because I don 't like to 
speak in front of people. But I want 
to learn how. The only way to learn 
is to practice." 

In the real world, Cupp said, 
people don 't get another chance 
after making mistakes. 

"At Toastmasters." he said, "we 
get a pat on the back for trying.We 
get a second chance." 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 13,1989 

AS UCSD 
- Paid Advertisement -

Presented by KSDT and ASUCSD 

"A HUMPSIDE CHAT" 
Interview with AS President, John Ramirez live every Thursday 
at noon over the hump speakers. Tune in to KSDT at 95.7 FM 
cable or 540 AM in the Res. Halls or stop by the hump to keep 
informed about the AS. This is your show too. so if there's any 
issues you'd like to hear addressed. drop them by KSDT.~For 
additional info contact KSOTs Public Affairs Dept. at xt. 43673. 

ALL CAMPUS FORUM 
Sponsored by the Associated Students 

ALL STUDENTS WELCOME!!! 
Thursday, Nov. 16th 

5:00 - 7:00 pm 
Conference Room 18, Price Center, lrd Floor 

THE QUEST FOR 

UNDERSTA 
C H ALLENGES & OPPORTUNITIES 
I N A M ULTI CULTURAL SOCIETY 

NOVEMBER 15 7:30 PM PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
5ponlored by Univmity Evenh & Student Activitiel and the Student Affi rmative Action Committee . 

Our featured speaker will be Dr. carlos F. Cortes, Proessor of History at the 
University of California, Riverside. Dr. Cortes has lectured widely throughout the 
United States, Latin America, and Europe. He has served as a consuhant to many 
government agencies and hosted the PBS national television series ·Why in the 
Wor1d?" He will be emphasizing the role that students can play in building a stronger 
and more sensitive muhi-ethnic society. This event is being sponsored by University 
EvenlS & Studenl Activities and the Student Affirmative Action Comminee and is 
free and open 10 Ihe public! 

~"'~mative A 
nder Attack: 

A Forum on its Future 
Featuri ng 

Ian Penn - Associate Chance" 
arin Malloy - Commissioner of Academic Affai 

Student Speakers from SAAC 
Moderated I3 y 

Alex Wong - Vice Pres ident Administative 

tulti(;~dl. · Perforir;a~tlq"'CJ~w Partia;)~t~! 
. ;.:.:;:: ............. ;.;.;.: ... : .... ;.:. .... -:'. ..' ................. , ,',' ,',' 

esday, November 14; 7 :00 p ",.,.,,,,,,,;,.,,,.,,,,,, 
lery ROOIn B, Price C 

Rcfrcshlllcnts prn\' idcd 

A.S. NEEDS STUDENTS TO FILL 
THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS 
IMMEDIATELY: 
SPORTS RELATIONS DIRECTOR! The duties include 
organizing and chairing a Sports Relations Committee to 
represent all sports related organizations to theA.S. Coun-
cil. To coordinate sport events with other programmed ac-
tivities and to promote sports activities to the Associated 
Students. 
ELECTIONS MANAGER - Paid Position: The Election 
Manager shall appoint and chair no less than two election 
committees. Shall supervise, organize and publicize all 
aspects of the Election. Shall work in conjunction with 
Election Codes and A.S. Constitution. 

CAMPUSWIPE COMMITTEES: 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 

Canyonview Advisory Committee 
Chancellor's Advisory Committee on 

Instructional Improvement 
On Campus Residential & Food Services Advisory 

Parking & Transportation Advisory 
Security Advisory Committee - 1 resident student 

Summer Session Advisory Committee 
Vehicle Accident Review 

II 

Pop Events 
Music Committee 

Dance/Drama Committee 
Special Events Committee 

Film Committee 

"'" I 1--..1 "'y" L 
RECORDS, TAPES & CD'S 
special order any item 
domestics in less than four days 

The Tradition Continues : 
Low Prices, Special Orders, Buy & Sell 

Used CD's 

Located in the Price Center 
Hours: 11a.m.-6 p .m. Monday-Friday 

11 a .m . -4 p .m . Saturday 

USED CD'S 
Assorted Vinyl wants to expand their 

used CD selection and is paying $$$$$ 
(in store credit) NOW! 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 13 

BULLETI 
Early Deadlines for California and National 

SUMMER Internships throueh ASIO! 
The A.S. Internship Office (ASIO) is offering summer internships on the East Coast with 
the New Republic and Enscrch, both in Wasthington D.C., and the Massachuseus 
Advanced Studies Program, in Millon, MA--deadline to apply is Fri., Nov. 17th at 3pm. . 
Summer internships are also offered in California with the L. A. Times and the San lose 
Mercury News·-deadline to apply is Mon., Nov. 20th at 3pm. ASIO has many more 
internShip opportunities on the California and National levels, so contact us at 534-4689 
or stop by--we're located in the Price Center, 3rd floor, #3.343. ··If ASIO does not carry 
an internship that you are interested in or if you would like to intern somewhere in 
particular, contact John Ward, ASIO Development Director, to develop an internship of . 
your choice. . 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
COLLEGE DEMOCRATS will be having a general meeting on Wednesday, Nov. 15 at 
6 p.m. in Gallery B of the Price Center. We will be discussing our plans for Winter Quarter. 
New members and others are always welcome to auend. See you there! 
RACOUETBALL CLUB has started up again this year for beginning, intennediate and 
advanced players. Everyone is welcome. We are playing on Mon. nights 8-10 and Sat. 
mornings 9-11 at the Canyonview Courts. For more info call Steve at 943-8273. 
WEE SCIENCE STUDENT ORGANIZATION general meeting on Thurs., Nov. 16 at 
11 :00 a.m. in the P.C. Berkely Rm. Come join us. 
GENERAL STORE co-or; Buy an HP178B (82.50), HP19B (132.50) or HP285 
(] 75.(0) and get $20.00 back with rebate offer. Forexample, your pricefor an HP17B would 

: COFFEES 
TEAS LOCATED 

AT THE 
UCSD 

CRAMS 
CENTER 
ON THE 
REVELLE 

CAMPUS 

be $62.5O! Come 10 the G.S.c. for details. Offer good Nov. 1 thru Dec. 31, ]989. • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
IUS.C The Vail ALL-CAL is almost sold out! $389 includes transportation,lodging on ·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS. 
mountain,2danccs,2races,2picnics, thwnper, broomball,contests,and5da yliftpass,Dec. : CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! : 
9-16. Tix on sale at Box Office. 

~ ~ 
1. Don't miss the 4 
' Ballroom Dance ¥ Club's 
Turkey Trot 

Danc·e 
on Tuesday, November 21, 1989 

from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Price Center 
Ballroom I 

1'10 alb_a: fee is rcqahed. No expateua: is Deeded. 
na.ell 1_ wiD be st-. Jastbriag yo ... frleuds 

aad haft albae time! 

A perfect 
..... plac:cto 15 .. eet 

,~ 

The ASUCSD and Transportation 
Alternatives Office will be providing shuttle 
service for UCSD students to the airport and 

the Del Mar Amtrak station for the 
Thanksgiving holiday . 

•••••••••••••••• .. - .... 
.- ., ~",- Wednes~ay, Nov. 22 "'\ 

\, Returning: Sunday, Nov. 26 · ,..I 
~, .~ 

.... . .. -
••••••••••••••• 

Call 534-RIDE 
for info and reservations 

• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
INTERESTED IN pROGRAMMING??? 

Come to the PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MEETING. TUESDAY, 
NOV. 14th, AT 4:30 pm in CONFERENCE ROOM #8, PRICE CEN-
TER THIRD FLOOR!!! 

liS I~II .. )I SI~IIII~S 

- Gone _ . ME TOOoo\'!' SHOW. NIC· TV 

~ 
IAI .1 

""" '"." (i'iii)') 
.. ...... . ,,=~~'.~~" , ...... .':~ ..... ~ 

()NI .. Y SI.()()!! 
'l'IIIJI1SI)llY, N()V. 1(;'1'11 
1)111(~1~ (~I~Nrl'I~ll rl'III~l"I'lll~ 

:1 SII()"TIN(.S 
(j::J() - f):()() - II ::I() -



I • 

14 FEATURES 

The Guardian Is Looking 
For An Associate 

Features Editor 
... And It Could Be You! 

The Guardian has an opening for a Clark 
Kentor Lois Lane with superhuman powers 
to assist the Features Department in 
assigning, editing and laying out stories. If 
you think you can do all these faster than a 
speeding bullet, then send your cover letter, 
resume and clips to Seth Slater, c/o The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA, 
92093 or drop it by our office on the second 
floor of the old Student Center by 5:00 p.m. 
on Tuesday, Nov. 14. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Interested in 
Writing for 
Features? 

Features Writer Meeting 
Monday November 20, 

6:00 p.m. 

The Guardian OHices 
Old Student Center A 

2nd Floor 

Now all YOU have 
to worry about are 

midterms and finals. 
~ don't believe academic pressure should be complicated by financial 
pressure. That's why BofA has been offering student loans for more 
than 2.5 years. To find out if you qualify for one, just make an 
appointment with your schools Financial Aid Administrator. Then call 
toll free, 1-800-252-7526, and well In 
mail you an application. Go ahead-it 0 .' 
could be the easiest answer to the .... of ~ 
toughest question you'll face all year. Doing the job~ 

Bank of Ameri a T&'~ Member FDIC 

Mond ay, November 13,1989 

Snowboarding: 
A Rapidly 
Evolving 
Pasttime 
Similar to Surfing With 
Distinctive Differences 
By JOEL BRAND 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

As the urfing breaks of South-
ern California become increasingly 
crowded, and an ever-increasing 
number of surfers undertake the 
exodus inland, one often wonders, 
"Where the hell are they going?" 

Surfing, a pasltime that has de-
stroyed many a romance, a large 
number of employment opportu-
nities, and certainly its fairshare of 
GPAs, is facing some unprece-
dented competition. 

Competition is so fierce that 
snowboarding, once a mere side-
track to surfing, is fast becoming 
the main attraction for the spirited, 
the bold, and those endowed with 
a need for unmitigated fun. 

Snowboarding, although in 
many ways a rapidly evolving, 
unique sport, shares the camarade-
rie and the attitudes developed by 
surfers over the past 40 years. 
Largely because it was developed 
by the surfing and skateboarding 
innovators of the late 1970s, the 
spon has much more soul than its 
other Alpine counterparts. 

Snowboarding has distinct dif-
ferences from surfing, and the 
overzealous surfers who strap 
themselves on a snow board and 
think they 're ready to go for it are 
bound for certain pain. 

Try to ignore the people who 
say,"Yeah, it's just like surfing on 
snow." 

It isn't. 
People who ski usually have an 

easier time picking up the sport 
than those whocome'directlyfrom 
the surf. 

Despite the differences and 
painful stages of learning how to 
handle the board, snowboarding 
has some credible advantages over 
surfing. 

While surfing involves work-
ing with a constantly changing and 
largely unpredictable canvas, 
snowboarding provides both con-
sistency and predictability. 

Perfecting a move doesn'l 
involve waiting one's tum in the 
lineup or wailing for the right swell 
to hit, nor is it a now-or-never 
endeavor. Themountain standsstilJ 
for the snowboarder to try and try 
again, untillhe move is finished. 

Snowboarding is also much 
more a showcase sport, almost 
always done on ski slopes crowded 
with skiers and other potential 
spectators. 

In fact, the lifllines provide an 
audience which commonly 
watches snowboarders with in-
trigue at the new, fast paced, and 
definitely explosive !.port that has 
invaded their haven. 

Snowboarding has taken Alpine 
skiing into an arena previously in-
tangible to people of the snow, and 
has taken urfing and skateboar-
ding into a new medium. where 
once again, intelligence and idiocy 
have collided, creating somelhing 
daring and rebellious. 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS IS 

Scores & Women NCAA National Final Mm 
200 med!.: Capri lies (2: 14.18) 

1. UCSD44 UCSD 3 Ithaca 2 UCSD 141 CSUN 88 100 fly: Lum (59.7) 
2. Pomona-Pitzer 78 (Overtime) UCSD 123 Pomona 62 200 fly: Lum (2:10.9) Slats 3. Occidental 94 

-UCSD goals: Dulock (Mauro). Triton First Place Finishes 
4. Claremont 100 Lindsay (Duloct). (against Northridge) 
5. UC Santa Cruz 115 Lindsay (Schwaar) Women's Volleyball Cross Country SO free: Denys (21 :98) 

- UCSD Top S Finishers: -Ithaca goals: Amidon (Kofod) 1000 free: Sacco (10:00.6) NCAA Regional Meet 
I. Conlay 18:32 Moore (Deyle) 200 breast: Smith (2: 15.22) NCAA Regional Semifinal 

Menlo d. UCSD Mm 2. lensen t9:0t Mal 200 medley: Smith (I :58.96) 1. UCSD28 10. Rockell 20:2 t 15.6,15-6,10-15,7-15,15.11 
2. Claremont 50 t 3. Peck 20:35 NCAA Regional Final Women - Klintwonh (26 kills) 
3. Redlands 83 19. Longyear 21 :59 UCSD 2 St. John's 1 UCSD 146 CSUN 34 
4. Pomona-Pitzer 89 

-UCSD goals: Hyde (Hanssen). UCSD 117 Pomona 34 
5. Occidental 148 Soccer Hanssen (Rommel) Triton First Place Finishes Men's Water Polo 
- UCSD Top 5 Finishers: Women (against Northridge) WWP A Championships 1. Fox 27:00 NCAA National Semifinal Swimming 200 free: Lum (21 :98) 3. Webb27:t2 

1000 free: Banaszek ( t 0:3 t . t) UCSD 19 Santa Clara 7 4. Hora 27: 15 UCSD 1 Plymouth St. 0 vs. Cal State Northridge & 
100 back: CapriUes (t :O 1.5) UCSD 20 LMU 10 6. Kenney 27:43 (Penalty kicks 4-3) Cal Poly Pomona 14. Wynn 28:43 200 back: CapriUes (2: t4.81 ) UCSD 11 Air Force 8 

Need Extra Cash? 
Make Up to $200 per Month 

Are you healthy and 
between the ages 

of 18 and 30? 
All Ethnic Groups Needed 

Sperm Donors Needed Call (619) 265-2407 

Attend a 
UC Summer Session 

in Cambridge, England 
JU LY 8-AUGU ST 18, 1990 

Spend next summer soaking up 
culture and knowledge in England, 
through the fully accredited 
University of California, Irvine 
Summer Session at Pembroke 
College, Cambridge University. 
You will: 

• Enroll in two 4·unit courses, 
taught by ou IStanding lecturers 
at Cambridge University. Courses 
emphasize art and architecture, 
literature, histoty, and politicaV 
social issues. 

• Reside at the 600-year old 
Pembroke College, in private 
rooms which have housed many 
generations of British scholars. 

• Enjoy weekday meals in the 
college dining halls. 

• Take exciting weekend tours to 
various English cities for Sight· 
seeing and theatre. Visit castles, 
cathedrals, mansions and 
museums. 

Enrollment is limited. Open only to 
students in good standing at the 
University of California. For more 
information , caU the UCI Summer 
Sessions Office at (714) 856-5493 
or send the coupon below to: 
Summer Sessions 
University of California, Irvine 
P.o. BoxAZ 
Irvine, CA 92716 

o Please send me information on the Uel Summer Session in 
Cambridge. 

NAME 

STREET ADDRESS 

CllY 

STATE ZIP 
* W90-554 D 
~-----------------------------------------~ 

f!) ROBERT'S & 
Q9 4t ~ SAAB 
German. Swed ish . Japanese Ser vice 
All work fully guaranteed - Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 
•. MAJOR SERVICES • FUEL INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ELECTRICAL 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am oS pm A 
~ vru j (619)275-1132 _~ __ j 
•

'1.,.. 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to 'Balboa exit) San Diego =Ioa 
. We Ust a.d ,tco"" .... d Kert_tl® L Kbric.a .. ts 10 0'" (".lolIID'S 

-----------------.---------------10% OFF on all repairs· with this coupon 
·Except molor and Iransmission overha"l. Nol valid with any olher (oll./IOn . 

With Macintosh 
you can even do this: 

New ~N 
Open... ~O 
Close 

Quit 
Madnlosh" computer have 

always been easy to use. But they've 
never been this easy to own. 

Presenting The Macintosh ale. 
Through January 31, you can save 

hundreds of dollars on a variety 
of Apple- Macintosh computers and 
peripherals. 

Macintosh Sale, you can wind up with 
much more of a computer. 

Without spending a lot more money. 

So now there' no reason to settle .~~~~iiiii~~ for an ordinary PC. With TIle 

-. The Macintosh Sale. 
Noo through january 31. 

.-



16 SPORTS 

Swimmers Kick 
CSUN, Pomona 
By LINDA SPHARLER 
COnlriblllill1l Writer 

Swimming past the Matadors 
in dominating fashion, with a 141-
88 win in the men's competition 
and the women's 146-34 margin 
of victory, Triton wim teams left 
Cal State Northridge all wet last 
Saturday. 

Among the top fini hers in the 
women's race were Catherine 
Caprilles and Sabrim: Lum, who 
each won three individual events. 
Capri lies stroked to first place fin-
ishes in the lOOand 200 yard back-
stroke (1 :01.5and2:14.81 respec-
tively) as well as the 200 Individ-
ual Medley (2: 14.18). 

Lum captured both butterfly 
events. clocking in at 59.7 in the 
100 and 2:10.9 in the 200. A time 
of 1 :58.6 clinched a victory in the 
200 yard freestyle for Lum as well. 

lenna Banaszek won the 1000 
yard freestyle in a time of 10:31 . 1. 
The women's defeat of the Cal 
State Northridge was somewhat of 
an up et, considering that the Mata-
dors are two-time Division II na-
tional champions. 

CROSS 
Continued from page 23 
performance. Each team made the 
right decisions throughout their 
races." 

Stanforth remains confident that 
his learn will be able 10 handle the 
change in climates from baking-
hot Santa Cruz last weekend to (he 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 24 
ing 5-2, running a strong offense, 
and dominating on the defensive 
end. However, an Air Force goal 
with no time remaining in the pe-
riod turned the game around. Chad 
Matheson, Air Force ' s leading 
scorer, let go of the shot from the 
the nine-meter !ineand it skipped 
by a diving Beay. 

The goal gave the Falcons a 
needed lift as they entered the fourth 
quarter. Air Force went on to 
outscore the Tritons 2- 1 and had its 
golden opportunity to force the 
game into overtime with one min-
ute remaining. 

Down 6-5, Falcon sophomore 
David Chaney recei ved a long pass 
behind the Triton defense and 
pushed it in toward the goal. Beay 
came out to meet him. When 
Chaney faked a shot, he was smoth-
ered by Beay and Greg Goodrich 
who was trailing on the play. 

"I was just glad our defense was 
able to catch up to Chaney and put 

nrp~~ .. r " on his back," said 

Pete Smith' victorie in the 
200 yaIttbreastroke (2: 15.22) and 
200 Individual Medley (1 :58.96) 
helped the men· team clinch the 
victory over the Matadors. 

Steve Denys sprinted to victory 
in the 50 freestyle with a time of 
21.98, and Dave Sacco recorded a 
10:00.6 in the 1000 freestyle to 
help secure the Triton lead. 

After swimming past the Mata-
dors in the morning, the Tritons 
headed off to Cal Poly Pomona to 
round up the Mu tangs for a sec-
ond laughter. 

"We swam a lot offre hmen in 
the meet," Triton Head Coach Bill 
Morgan said. "And a lot of the 
team swam in off event ." 

Still, the Triton women were 
victorious 111 -74, and the men 
won 123-62. 

Even though no additional 
members of the team qualified for 
Nationals - four qualified last 
week against Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo - several wimmers re-
corded their fastest times of the 
young season. The victories were a 
tum-around in the wake of last 
week's fall to Cal Poly SLO. 

possibly bone-chilling cold it may 
encounter in Illinois next week-
end. 

We'll need a little time to re-
cover," he stated. "But this team 
has real I y learned how to deal with 
adversity this year." 

rf the Tritons are lucky, the 
midwest freezer will be on defrost 
in Illinois. 

Beay. "It just showed how good 
our tearn defense has been all year." 

After the save, the Falcons 
turned the ball overto UCSD. And, 
after a Falcon defender deflected 
the ball out of bounds with 25 sec-
onds to play, the Tritons needed 
onl y to maintain possession to win. 

"We've played keep away 
games all year in practice," said 
"Turtle" Brown, who led the Tri-
ton attack with two goals. "So 
we've gotten good at it, and that 
made it really easy to run out the 
clock." 

"I felt like 1 could floal out of 
the water," said Peter McConville. 
who scored a key fourth quarter 
goal that proved to be the winning 
margin. ·'Now we get to go up 
against the big boys.We've got 
everything to gain and nothing to 
lose." 

Some of the "big boys" UCSD 
may face will include UCLA, Cal, 
Stanford, and Pepperdine. 

The Tri tons defeated both Santa 
Clara 19-7 and Loyol a Marymount 
20-10 to advance to the WWPA 

~r.:-~"""""~~ ... 

Brlln MorriS/Guardian 
Greg Goodrich's defense in the fina l mi nute helped s ave the win. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 13,1989 

Oh, yeahl- Some of the 1,200 plus fans celebrate, as do Heather Mauro (left) and Karin Lindsay 
after Lindsay's goal put UCSD up 2-1 in the second half. Lindsay later scored the game winning goal. 

April 21 Could Be The Most 
Important Day of Your Career 

Why April 21? Because that's when you can take the 
Fundamentals of Engineering exam and become 
qualified as an engineer-in-training ... the first step in 

becoming a Professional Engineer. 
If you're an engineering student consider this . P .E. 

registration allows morc career flexibility and 
choice. Professional Engineers aren't locked out 
of a career path; jobs are theirs for the chOOSing 
in government, industry, construction and pri-

vate p ractice. Many employers require 
reg istration for advancement to senior 
engineering positions. 

It will never be easie r to take the exam than 
now, while cou rses are still fresh in your 

mind. The test will be administered on 
Apri l 21 at s ites selected by The 

Board of Registration for Professional 
Engineers and Land Surveyors. The 
cut-off date for exam applications 
is December 8. For more informa-
tion , call the state board at (916) 
920-7466. 
Clip and return the coupon below for 
a free brochure on how to become a 
P.E. : 

r -------------------I Please send me the free brochure, ' Why Become a P.E.? 'I 
I The NCEES Guide to Registration." I 
I Name: I 
I College: I 
: Address: : 
I City : State. __ ZipCode. I 
I Return to: The National Council of Examiners I 
I for Engineering and Surveying I 
I Executive Director I 

IY.O~ox 168~: ":'temson~.C . 29633-1686 _____ ..J 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

Tritons Take West Regional over St. John's in Overtime 

Men's Soccer Surprises; Nationals Bound 
By ERIC BROSIO 
Contributing Writer 

After giving thanks for their 
fi rst regio nal upset v ictory over 
rival Claremont last weekend, the 
UCSD men's soccer team claimed 
the West Regional crown and 
skipped right ahead to an early 
Christmas yesterday. 

Braving Christmas- like 40-
degree weather, the Triton reached 
in their stockings and found a 2-1 
doubleovert imewinoverSt. lohns' 
College o n the road in Minnesota. 

The v ictory vaults the defend-
ing national champions into the 
final four this weekend at a site 10 

be announced this morning. 
UCS D (14-5-3) will be 

matched against Elizabethtown 
(PA) in one semifinal contest. The 
other game will pit Rochester In-
stitute of Technology (NY)with 
Greensboro College (NC). Last 
year, the Tritons defeated RIT to 
win the National Ti tle. 

UCSD struck the first blow 14 
minutes into the first half, when 
senior Craig Hyde, who has been 
filling in for injured team-captain 
Mike Kappes, took an assist from 
Chris Hanssen and deposited it into 
the back of the goal. 

This would prove to be UCSD' s 
only goal in regulation play, as St. 

All Ca 

John 's held the Tritons scoreless 
for the remaining 74 minutes. The 
Tri tons managed only five shots 
on the goal compared St. John 's' 
eight. 

Outshot or not, the end result 
was the same as St. John 's also 
only tallied one goal in regulation, 
sending the game into overtime. 

The score remained deadlocked 
at I-I until a little after a minute 
had elapsed in the second overtime 
and Chris Hanssen, on an assist 
from Scott Rommel, put the Tri-
tons on the top once again. 

Heading into the game, the Tri-
tons knew that the thermometer 
might dip down into the 30 's. The 

temperature, however, hovered iD 
the 40' s, and the skies stayed clear. 

This helped the warm weather 
team from the southwest. 

The Tritons suffered through 
tremendous adversi ty this season, 
and many doubted that they would 
even make the regionals, much less 
win them. Q utch play by role play-

ers such as sophomore Hanssen, 
who turned in strong performances 
in both postseason games, has 
helped the injury-plagued Tritons 
win their last six games. 

With their Christmas stockings 
open, UCSD can now begin look-
ing under the tree for another Divi-
sion ill National Championship. 

Rlmas UqIrIsIGuardian 
The men's soccer team will be battling it out with El izabethtown 

Guardian File Pholo College this weekend in the semifinal game. Location TBA. 

BIGMW, 
BIGGER DEAL. 

----------~---------------------Buy any r.·gul~r footIong sub 
and 22~z. ~~psl for $3.99 

(savings of up to $1 .80) 

Valid at t •• /olloUliRS location. only: 

8650 Geaaee 
in the 

Costa Verde Food Court 

558-681.1 

6780 Mil'a._ Rd. 
behind Carl's Jr. 
ap...24';". 

549-6969 
Offer·op;ra 12/31/B9 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ~--------------------------------~ 



.. 

18 SPORTS 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

Q;r;t 
f.&i!I.iJ a choice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 
• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and local 
Anesthesia 

• low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 

(10 Days After Conception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

call 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

cspp 
Careers to crea 
Kevin Narramore coIJnselsila 
Employee Selection MS;SB.li. 
with seminars fnr.,! i .<:i/ln 
television and 

The UCSD Guardian 

W.SOCCER 
Continued from page 19 

The Trilons could have been 
overwhelmed early, but they kept 
their compusure and seemed 10 
overcome any fatigue Ihal might 
have been bothering them. 15 min-
utes after Ihe first score, UCSD 
retaliated when All-Tournament 
selection Katy Dulock scored on a 
pass from Heather Mauro 10 knol 
Ihe score at one. 

In the early portion of the sec-
ond half, the Tritons tookfourshots 
on the goal - all of which were 
either just wide or saved by Ithaca 
goalie Beth Greco, who tallied 11 
saves on the afternoon. But il 
seemed as if it was jusl a matter of 
time before one went in. 

Finally, with 19minutesremain-
ing in regulation, Dulock drove 
down the left sideline, made an 

excellent move on Bomber defender 
Debra Harper. and centered Ihe ball 
where Lindsay knocked it in. 

The game appeared to be a lock 
for the Tritons, but with six and one 
half minutes left, the ball was jarred 
100 e when Friess and UCSD de-
fender Amy Wayle collided and Lisa 
Moore was there 10 kick it in and tie 
the score at 2-2. 

After two scoreless overtimes 
where both teams had opportunities 
but were not able to convert, Schwaar 
motored down the right side, crossed 
the ball to the middle, and Lindsay 
used her head to win the National 
Title, even if she wasn't exactly sure 
what happened. 

"I saw it coming in the air .. . it 
was supposed to be on the ground," 
Lindsay said ofSchwaar'spass. "I'm 
not really sure what happened .. . I 
just sort of blacked out. Everyone 
dreams of something like this." 

, 1 0% OFF UCSD STUDENT DISCOUNT 
with student l.D. 

PRoeTECH ALL 
MIIAIIAR UMOCAL 71 SEIMCE CENTER 

5126 MIRAMAR RD. 

AUTO REPAIRS 
INCLUDING: 

SAN DIEGO, CA 92121 
(619) 45H716 

IION..sAT •• ~ pili 
• TUNE-UP 
• SMOG 

• BRAKES 
• ALIGNMENT 

-------------------I WINTERIZE YOUR CAR I 
I 1. Drain and refill coolant indudes (1) gallon coolant I 
I 2. Check battery, dean battery posts and apply anti-corrosive I 
I $34.95 mostcars I L ___________________ ~ 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa A tie. Ste. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME /CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

USAF OFFICER RECRUITING 
TOLL FREE 

1-800-423-USAF 

Monday, November 13,1989 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry on an 8 112" by 

11" piece of poper along with your 
Mme. year in school. hometown. 
college youuttend at UCSD, major, 
address. and phone number to 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian, 8-
016. La Jolla. CA 92093. You can 
also drop if off in the sports editor's 
box at tM Guardian office . located 
on tM secondfloor of tM Old Stu-
dent Center across from tM gym. 

• All UCSD students. staff. and 
faculry are eligible to enter. except 
for GuordiJJn staff members and 
employees of B1's Chicago PizzI-
ria. 

• The person who comes up with 
tM most correct answers. as deter-
mined by tM judges. will be de-
clared tM grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when tM quiz is 
printed tM following week. In the 
event ofa tie. a drawing will be Mid 
to determine tM grand prize win-
ner. Those correct entries not se-
lected as tM grand prize wifIMr 
will be considered runners-up. 

• Only one entry per perso~, per 
week. Entries must be at the Guard-
ian by 5 p.m. Saturday. 

• TM grand prize winner will re-
ceive two $5 gift certificates from 
81's. Runners-up can obtain a free 
pitcher of Michelob Draft or soda 
when dining at B1's Chicago Piz· 
:uria, located in La Jolla Village 
SqUQre. 

This week.'s questions: 
1. How many overtimes did it 

take the Milwaukee Bucks to beat 
the Seattle Supersonics tast week? 

2. Padre pitcher Marie Divis 
was on what major league team 
before the Padres? 

3. Mario Lemieux plays for 
what NHL learn? 

4. Whal is the name of the arena 
where Ihe New York Knicks play? 

S. Who will Sugar Ray Leonard 
fight on Dec. 7? 

6. Bill Watsh and Dick Enberg 
are an announcing team for t) ABC 
2) NBC 3) CBS 4) ESPN 

7. Jim Valvano coaches what 
college basketball team? 

8. Who won thelapanese World 
Series in 1989? 

9. Alton Lisler is on injured 
reserve for what NBA learn this 
year? 

10. How many penalty kicks did 
UCSDwomen'ssoccergoalieJulie 
Friess save during Saturday 
afternoon's shootout with Plymouth 
Stale? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Frank Robinson & Don 

Zimmer 
2. Clippers and Rockets (we 

phrased this qUeslion in-
correctly. so we discounted 
it). 

3. Nike 
4. L.A. Lakers 
S. Sooners 
6. Kings 
7. Michigan 
8. Auburn 
9. Minnesota 
10. SI. Paul, Minnesota 

Last week's winner: 
Jim Gekas 
Sophomore, Warren 
Economics 
Los Angetes. CA 

Runners·up: 
38 people 
(List will be posted It Bl's) 

Monday, November 13, 1989 

W.SOCCER 
Continued from page 24 
she blocked Traci Walker's shot, 
the Tritons were heading to the 
National Final for the second year 
in a row. She wasn't prepared. 
however, for the onslaught oftearn 
members who tackled her near the 
goal, nor could she have been pre-
pared for the two goals Ithaca 
scored against her the following 
day. 

Ithaca's two goals marked the 
highest number of goals scored 
against the Tritons in any game 
this season. In their championship 
year. the Tritons compiled a 19-1 -
I record,lSshutouts,andoutscored 
their opponents by a whopping 80-
4 count. UCSD is not exactly ac-
customed to surrendering goals, 
but one thing it must be getting 
used to is beading into overtime in 
the postseason. 

both West Regional contests as 
well. 

This season's postseason ap-
peared on the verge of taking its 
loll on the Tritons, and McManus 
was concerned about the faligue 
factor after Saturday's semifinal 
victory. His team was on the field 
for a grand lotal of four hours, four 
minutes, and 46 seconds. Under 
normal circumstances (games 
decided in regulation) the Tritons 
would have played a 10lal of three 
hours. 

"I imagine [Ithaca is) really 
going to go at us tomorrow," he 
said. 

He was right. 

SPOR.TS 19 

Last year, the Tritons took both 
National Tournament games into 
overtime. This year, the Tritons 
not only took both National Tour-
nament games into overtime, but 

In the first half, the Ithaca 
Bombers got on the board early 
when Jackie Amidon scored on a 
pass from Sue Kofod at 9: IS. Ith-
aca continually put pressure on the 
Triton defense, until Krumme put 
the ball back on the other side of 
the field wilh her booming kicks. 
Krumme's overall defensive ex-
cellence in the tournament earned 
her the defensive tournament MVP. 

See W. SOCCER, page 18 
The line of victory - All-Tournament midfield selection Felicia Faro (15) congratulates, from left 
to right, Katy Dulock, Heather Mauro, Karin Undsay, Jennifer Kingsbury, and Loni Schultz. 

Ride with a Friend 
transport you in air conditioned 
comfort aboard clean, meticu· 

lously maintained 
llC~~~~e~=~~\ 7·passenger vans. ~ • Reliable door·to-door 

Plus so. 7~ off the fare Ii 
each additional passenger in 
your party! 

ToThe~. 
Call oUr tion Center at 

SuperShuttle's 35 bright blue 
and gold vans provide affordable 
and reliable door·t!Hloor service 
when you need it, directly between 
your home, office or hotel and 
Lindbergh Field airport. Profession· 
ally· trained, unif<Xmed drivers 

service 
• 24 hour·a-day service, 

365 days a year 
• More convenient than 

ail]Xlrt parking 
• Less cost than a taxi 
• Onboard payment with Visa, 

MC,Amex 
CooIpare Fares .•• 
• La Jolla · $14 
• PowaylRancho Bernardo · $21 
• OceansidelEscondido · $30 
• Downtown · $5 

(619) 278·8877 24 hours in 
advance. We11 tell you your pick . 
up lime and exact fare. In North 
County, (619) 489·0100 • 
From The Airport ... 

Claim your ~ and press 
1169 on the courtesy pOOnebaud, 
or call (619) 278·5700 from a 
public phone. With 35 vans, you're 
assured prompt pick up and 
delivery. 

Next trip to or from the airJxlrt, 
call SuperShuttle. 

San ~ • Los A¥Ies • ~ County· San F raocisco' Miami • PbJenix • DI11asIF(I(b Wuth 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 ualue. First·time clients only.)· 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
EY*ows 
Upper lip 
Cllin 

Underarms 

Breast 
Stomadl 

Bikini line 

Fingers 

Legs 
Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 
• American Medical Association 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

558-0888 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

La Jolla Village 
Professional Center 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 
·£xp.re~ 11117/89 

"I finally did 
what 1 always 
wanted to do: 
I became a 
physician. " 

AlRn EdUlQrds, M.D. (WIG cI. ss of 1986) 
FIfth Palhwoy Program 
SI 1000000's Hasp'!.' . Yonkns , NY 

"I wasn't able to go to medical school right out of 
college. I had the desire and the motivation, but there 
were responsibilities I couldn't ignore. Finally, my 
persistance, patience, and planning paid off. I went to 
medical school and now I'm a doctor. 

"It's not too late. Make the choice." 

Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara 
School of Medicine 
Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico 

The International Choice 
CaU for your free video preview: 

1-800-531-5494 

INTERFAITH THANKSGIVING 
SERVICE AND DINNER 

The second annual Interfaith Service and Dinner at 
UCSD is sponsored by the Office of Religious Affairs 

at UCSD - the support group for six 
different ministries located here at the campus. 

Come and Enjoy! 
Share Thanksgiving with members of other faiths. 

DAlE: 
TIME: 

Please bring a vegetarian main dish, 
salad or dessert. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER:1.4 
8:00P.M. 

PLACE: UNIVERSITY wnaAN ca.ctI 
........... _Dr. 
(_ ... T...., .... M ........ ~) 

The Office of Religious Affairs 
502 Matthews, just east of the Price Center 

The Catholic Community Episcopal Campus Ministry 
at UCSD Jewish Campus Centers 

United Campus Ministry Sojoumers Christian 
University Lutheran Church Fellowship 



t 

-
~ 

20 CLAS IFIEDS 

Classified advertising Is sold In 
15-word Increments, The rate per 
15 words Is $1 for students, $3 for 
faculty and staff and $4 for others, 
Payment In advance Is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with 
a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented In 
person, Please have exact change. 
Deadlines are 3 p,m, Thursday for 
Monday' s paper and 3 p.m. 
Monday for Thursday's paper, The 
Guardian reserves the right to 
refuse any advertising Including 
but not limited to companionship 
ads. For more Information call 534-
5416, The Guardian, UCSD, B-016, 
La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Visit Japan next summer. Live with 
Japanese host Families , tour ; 
camping, and much more, 432-2053. 
(11 /6-30, 1/4) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD ! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth , education, prayer, 
socializing . Connect with Union of 
Jewish Students! 502 Matthews; east 
01 the Price Center . Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521 . (11/2-30) 

DfET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed Ihose pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourself! Call 587-
1775. (1116-30) 

SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC , 
December 9·16! Package includes 
5-day lift pass, transportation, deluxe 
lodging on the mountain, 2 dances, 2 
races, 2 picnics, broomball, thumper, 
many contests, refreshments and 
more! Tickets: $389 bus, $525 air, 
$298 ground, on sale now at box 
office! (11/6-20) 
WORK ABROAD THIS SUMMER! 
UCIIFooth ili International Education 
Program informat ion session 
Tuesday November 14, 3-5 p.m. in 
International Center lounge. 
Sponsored by the Opportunities 
Abroad Office. (11/6-13) 
Pi Beta Phi Pledge Class invites you 
to our bake sale Tuesday Nov. 14 
from 11 am - 2 pm at Revelle Plaza 
and the Price Center Plaza. (11/13) 

AIRLINES NOW 
HIRING, 

Travel Agents, 
Flight Attendants, 
Mechanics, etc, 

Entry level and up. 
Salaries to $1 05K. 

Call 1-805-682-7555, 
ext. A-1056. 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

T he U SD Guardian 

Classifieds 
EARLY DEADLINE for SUMMER 
internships with the Los Angeles 
TImes and the San Jose Mercury 
News is MONDAY, Nov 201 Writers , 
copy editors and photographers 
needed. For more info to apply 
contact ASIO at 534-4689. Located 
in the Price Center, 3rd floor. (1119-
16) 

Kaibigang Pili pi no's traditional dance 
workshop 11/15, 4 pm al Davis 
Riverside Room. (1119-13) 

Come support Pi Phi Pledge Class at 
Penguins Yogurt, Wednesday night 
Nov. 15 from 7 pm to 10 pm. (11/13) 

Come to PizzaRama during finals 
week. Take a break in between 
'Studying and enjoy ALL-YOU-CAN-
EAT PIZZA for j ust $3.00 ! 
PIZZARAMA, Dec. 6, 5-8 pm , 
International Center. (11 /13) 

~ is coming l Sat, Nov. 18 is 
Disneyland Dayllf interested in going 
to Disneyland at a discount rate, call 
Tom 457-KISS, or Wil 458-9784. 
Rides will be provided. (11/1 3) 

D. C. Pop Quiz #2: How many "E" 
tickets are required to ride a filibuster? 
Learn the answer at the D .C . 
Internship Forum. Wednesday, 
November 15, 2:30 - 4:30, at the 
International Center Lounge. (11/13) 

SERVICES 

Typing/Word Processing : Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (11/2-30) 
MAC 128/512 owners! Upgrade to 
Plus level (SIMM's SCSI) $1651$145. 
Year Warranty. COMPUFIX 456-
5916. (11/2-13) 

MACINTOSH SERVICEI 
UPGRADES. Component level 
repair. FREE estimates, reasonable 
rates. Weekends, PO's OK. Compufix 
456·5916. (11/2-16) 

WORD PROCESSING - Fast, 
dependable service. Rushjobstaken. 
Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9/28-11 1 
30) 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. 
Student d iscounts. (619) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1 962. (9/1 8-1/4) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (10/9-3/12) 

WORD PROCESSING-NEXT TO 
UCSD! Term papers, manuscripts, 
resumes, theses . Laser typeset 
quality. Marsha 535-8260. (10/16-
11130) 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLEI 
Special CoBege 

Student Program 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Inaurlnce Brokers 

3333 C.mlno 
D.I Rio orth 

#3 15 

For the lowest fares call us, your 
friendly It's a Small World Travel 
Agent, 459-0681 . (1 0123-11 /27) 

Word Processingrryping - IBMI 
Macintosh systems - APA available 
- Spelling corrected - Rush jobs 
specialty - Claire mont 274-8305. (101 
23-11/30) 

TYPING - TERM ,THESES, LEGAL, 
MEDICAL, REPORTS. RUSH JOBSI 
7-DAYS A WEEK. MARIE, 931 -
9596. (1 0/30-30) 

DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you 10 shed those p04nds and 
inches while you heighten your 
body's energy. At DIET CENTER 
you'll find some great people with a 
great plan. Feel good about yourself l 
Call 587-1775. (11 /6-30) 

WORD PROCESSING, Student 
Rates , papers , experienced 
dissertations, 7 days a week, 4.0 
English Skills, 755-2683. (11 / 13-1 / 
4) 

WORD PROCESSING - IBM wI 
laser printer. Student papers. $2.00/ 
Double space page. InpullOutpul. 
530-0470. (11/13-11/30) 

Word Processing Services. Excellent 
Quality - Reasonable. Call Lisa 566-
9096. (11/13-11/20) 
DATA PRO's NETWORK - Typing 
& word processing. Professional, 
fast, reasonable rates. 273-4845. (111 
13) 

WANTED 

Earn $3,000 · $5,000 per month. Part 
time. Drive that new car you wanted. 
If you would seriously like to change 
your current standard of living .... call 
258-8948. (11 /2-1 3) 

Zebra Copy is hiring customer 
service/production staff. All shifts part 
time or full time . Must have a 
profess ional attitude, good 
communication skills and 
enthus iasm . Copy experience 
preferred. Above average pay. 457-
1007 (11/2-30) 
Make Extra Holiday Money. Call 
UCSD Annual Fund Today. $7, on 
campus, flexible hours. 587-1585. 
(11/6-17) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a 
team of employees, customers and 
suppliers. Successful applicants 
undergo extensive training. Average 
earnings $6-10,000. Call ' Stud en I 
Painters" 1-800-426-6441 . (10/5-111 
30) 
Part Time Employment. Parking lot 
Attendant. Hours flexible, $5 hour 
and up. Call Chris 224-5203. (11/9-
16) 

$50 MONO $50 
HAVE YOU HAD 

mononucleosis or measles 
within the last month? If so 
your plasma could make a 

valuable contribution 10 
the medical industry, and 
earn you $50 at the same 
lime. For additional details 

call Ms. Vawter at 

Essential Biologics 
226-1733 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSDstudent or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese , Chinese , or Korean 
descent, call Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192. (9/18-1/4) 
Do you feel alienated? If so, I would 
like you to participate in a 
documentary video I am making. 
Please call.Brian at 293-0228. (1119-
16) 

Sales - Ladies Boutique, La Jolla part 
time mornings $5 per hour, 459-0302, 
454-8395 evenings. (11/9-11/13) 
ATTENTION : EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,000/year 
income potential. Details (1) 602-
838-8885 Ext. Bk18113. (11 /9-20) 

AnENTION -HIRINGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840 - $69,485. 
Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext R18113. 
(11/9-20) 
EARN $2,000 - $4,000. Searching 
for employment that permits working 
your own hours, but still challenging 
enough for your entrepreneurial 
skills? Manage programs for Fortune 
500 Companies. Earn $2,000 to 
$4,000. Call 1-800-932-0528 ext. 11 . 
Ideal for grad students. (11/9-13) 
Roommate wanted. Del Mar 2 BR 2 
BA $400 plush view condo Maturel 
Professional no smok/pets 458-1641 
or X45128. (11 /13) 
Jobs for women recovered from an 
eating disorder to work 1 112 plus 
years in on-campus counseling 
program. Apply at Career Services 
Center, job board. #11029. (11/13-
16) 

We need an Assistant Kitchen 
Manager, prepcooks, and line cooks. 
Experience preferred but will train . 
Apply in person: 275 5th Ave. San 
Diego 233-4323. EEOE. (11113) 
Wanted : Cocktail waitresses. Good 
pay and tips for parter full time work. 
Must be 21 . Apply at Kahuna's. 817 
Tourquois SI. in P.B. 8:00 pm. (11 1 
13) 

House cleaners- Flex Parttime hours, 
schedule around school, $Blhr., must 
have car, speak English, reliable, 
have good references. 10-25 hrs per 
week, pleasant work environment, 
call 481-4616 between 5 pm - 8 pm 
M - F. (11/13-30) 
Artist - to design all artwork for 
Prototype Boardgame. Will pay. Neal 
Ford 270-4704. (11113-16) 
Articulate, bus iness minded 
individuals needed at $1 000.00 + per 
month. Make a living now. Call 458-
0749. (11/13-16) 
Sell custom T-shirts, sweatshirts etc. 
to greeks, clubs . Earn top 
commissions. Ground floor 
opportunity 566-4861 . (11 /13·16) 
Warren Students , want to get 
involved? Positions available for 
WCSC . Information at Warren 
Provost. (11/13-16) 

REPOSSESSED VA 
& HUDHOMES 
available from 

government from $1 
without credit check. 
You repair, Also tax 

delinquent foreclosures. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

ext H-1443 for repo list 
for your area. 

Monday, November 13, 1989 

FOR SALE 

ATTENTION-GOVERNMENT 
HOMES from $1 (U-repair) . 
Delinquent tax property. 
Repossessions. Cal/l-602-838-8885 
Ext. GH18113. (11/6-17) 
Macintosh 44 Meg Hard Drive. With 
1 year warranty. Int/ext $395/$465. 
call 535-0930. (11/2-13) 

'85 Yamaha RZ-350, mint condition-
sacrifice $1800. Call 431 -8558 or 
259-1 439. (11/6-16) 
Futon & hardwood frame $105. 
Unused. Can deliver. 268-0814. (111 
6-30) 

Macintosh High -Resolution 
Monochrome Monitor. Brand New. 
Never been used. Worth $295. Now 
$175. 558-8110. (11 /6-16) 
IBM-PC Jr, 640K, color monitor, 
Graphics Printer, Modem $800 o.b.o. 
Call 259-1439. (11/6-16) 
Violin (Suzuki) Full size, excellent 
condition. $300 firm. 455-0931 ask 
for Patricia. (11/6-30) 

TWA Student discounts on airfares 
anywhere TWA flies-U.S., Europe, 
Middle East, Caribbean & Hawaii -
481-1264. (11/2-30) 

Sweet Red 1987 Honda Elite 80. Has 
everything : helmet, lock, insurance, 
registration, UCSD parking permit. 
Best Offer. RT Airticket - Anywhere 
US btw 1/1190 - 6/30/90. Preferably 
Oriental. $250. New Chem 6A-C; 
7A,B book. Call Paranee, 458-5947 
anytime. Leave message. (11/9-13) 

1971 '71 Mercury Comel (A classic), 
8 V-302 engine, runs great, very 
powerful, new paint, brakes, etc. Air 
conditioner, power steering, good 
tires, excellent maintenance. Must 
sell, best offer 275-2045. (11/9-1 11 
13) 

Guitar, Hohner Stienberger copy 
headless, 8 months old, with soft 
case. $25O/obo. Foster 453-7488, 
(1 1/9-13) 
25" Racing Bike, in great condition, 
biking computer included. $300. 
Jerry, 455-8236. (11/9-16) 
Full size bed, $50 (mattress, 
boxspring, metal base wI rollers) 
Hutch $20, Call Miko 586-6245. (111 
9-13) 

·Otis!"71 VWSquareback, new trans 
(warranty) ; good engine , tires . 
Characterl $BOO/obo 546-1363 Julie 
(11 /9-13) 
85 Ford Mustang Lx 4 speed. 3 door 
with AlC, AMIFM stereo, PS, tinted 
windows, custom rims and cloth 
interior. Has 66 ,000 miles, but have 
proof of ring and valve job at $26,000 , 
Looks and runs great. Must see! Call 
281 -3453 or 697-3453. (11/9-16) 
1986 Mitsubishi Mirage L, 5-speed, 3 
door, white with blue cloth interior. 
Excellentcondition. $3,000. Call 587-
9321 . (11/13) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW 
HIRING for spring, 
Christmas and next 

summer breaks. 
Many positions, 

Call 1-800-682-7555, 
ext. S-1023. 

Monday, November 13, 1989 

1977 Suzuki GS550 Motorcycle runs 
perfect, helmet, gloves, permit inc/. 
$500 Call 558-8638 Jon. (1119-27) 

RT ticket to San Jose over 
Thanksgiving Nov 22-26. $70. Paul 
455-7065 eves. (11/13) 
IBM XT compatible 2 floppy drives, 
576 RAM wI power pack including 
MS-DOS. Lotus 1-2-3 student 
version, Word Perfect 4.2, Deskview 
$45Q abo call Ralph 587-8808. (111 
13·16) 

Denan DRW 750 Double Home Deck 
new, cost $400. Brother Pro90 
typewriter wI computer interface. 
Sean 452-0947. (11/13) 
1985 VW Sirrocco, Runs great, in 
excellent condo 49,000 miles, cruise 
control, pwr windows, brakes, 
steering etc. Must sacrifice. $4,750. 
552-8068. (11113-20) 

MTN BIKE FOR SALE. 1989 
Diamond Back Ascent EX. 19"frame. 
Excellent condition -It's only 2 months 
old. Lots of accessories included I 
Must sen, call Jon 587-0150. (11/13-
16) 

'79 Chevette. New clutch, brakes, 
tires, runs great. Excellent 
maintenance. Must seN, $11oolbest. 
275-2045. (11/13-16) 

Tennis racket, Wilson TX-25 
composite graphite, wide frame; used 
once, paid $159, sell $95. Ski boots 
$25. Rossignol skis wI Tyrolla 
bindings $65. Systat manuals $35 
(new) 275-2045. (11/13-16) 
1980 Red Toyota Corolla; 2-<1oor, 5-
speed Hatchback; sunroof; performs 
we"; $1300/obo Thomas 452-3704. 
(11/13-30) 
Must sell IBM Compatible COMPAQ 
computer. 2 disk drives. Limited 
software. Portable. Letter perfect 
printer. Whole system must go. $750 
obo. Call Brian at 546-8159 evenings 
or leave message. (11/13-27) 
Nisus 2.0 Wond Processing Program 
for Macintosh computer. New. 
Unopened. $150.00 Debbie 753-
1956.(11113) 
Moped for sale. Suzuki FZ50 - 40 
mph. Excellent condition $150.00. 
Call Matthew 270-8364. (11/13) 

VISA 
OR 

MASTERCARD! 
Even if bankrupt or bad 
credit! We guarantee 
you a card or double 

your money back. 

Call 1-805-682-7555, 
ext. M-1052. 

HOUSING 

Beautiful furnished room, board, for 
part-time child care (boy, 8), Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481-6115. (111 
6-16) 

Roommatewanted,2bd.2bath$2001 
mo + uti, UTC, 558-6822. (10130-
13) 

Roommate wanted, own master 
bedroom wI balcony, 1 mile east of 
UCSD. Female, non-smoker, 
furnished, pool. $3501month and 1/3 
utilities. Winter quarter only Call Mia 
546-9829. (1119-13) 

Roommate wanted, UTC area, own 
room and bath, lemale graduate 
student preferred, non-smoker. $405 
month + 112 util. 729-0165. (1119-11) 

Housesitterfor faculty.on sabbatical. 
Mature reliable nonsmoker available 
on or after 1219. Professional married 
24 yrs to hist. prof. Writing project, 
need space for desk, wp. Have small 
old housebroken well-behaved dog. 
Care of pets, yard, etc. negotiable as 
setoff against rent. References. 435-
5914. (11/13-16) 

Private room for petiess non-smoker. 
Male preferred, garage parking, 
laundry, minutes away. Thomas 452-
3704. (11/13-30) 

Roommate wanted . Fantastic 
Location. 5 min. from school. Univ. 
City, Nobel Dr. very modem, spIit-
level, immaculate, 2 bedroom 2-1/2 
bathroom, microwave, dishwasher, 
laundry facilities, pool, tennis courts, 
workout room, excellent security. 
Water & garbage included. $350 per 
month. Seeking mature, considerate, 
quiet female. Non-smoker, no pets. I 
practicecetlo daily. Call 7 pm- 9 pm. 
Larisa 587-8834. (11/13-30) 

Single room in Mira Mesa $285/mo. 
Pool, jacuzzi & laundry. Call 695-
1289. (11/13-16) 

ADORABLE ANIMAL 
RUBBER STAMPS! 

Gwrr CATALOG FRA'l'URlNG 
OVER laJO DESIGNS! 

~' :' .... . .. -::·f ::.A' - ... -; ,.... . , 

SOO $100 rot CATJI.OO TO: 
[BE)'IL'i)I&i WI1IIIIINIU OIlDll) 

CRfl'l'ER PRIrm 
p.O. BOX 556 DE!'[ G 

S(lANABEACH, CA9'.!01S 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOST AND FOUND 

Found wallet belonging to Iris 
Gonzales. Call Steven at 459-2989. 
(11/9-13) 

PERSONALS 

SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC, 
December 9-161 Package includes 
5-day liftpass,transportation,deluxe 
lodging on the mountain, 2 dances, 2 
races, 2 picnics, broomball , thumper, 
many contests, refreshments and 
morel Tickets: $389 bus, $525 air, 
$298 ground, on sale now at box 
office I (1116-20) 

CREATIVE CAFE AND COFFEE 
HOUSE where UCSD comes to dine, 
debate and relax in a beautiful non-
smoking atmosphere. (See our ad 
each Monday). (1116-30) 

DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourself I Call 587-
1775. (1116-30) 

Hi Stacy, I met you and Kathleen at 
the beach on Sunday 11/5. I'd like to 
discuss our chemistry over dinner. 
Dave 453-5499. (1119-13) 

Mary from Revelle - Thanks for the 
call 11-7. You sound like a nice 
person. Please call again. Yourfriend 
in Bio 1. (11113) 
Delta Sigs - Thanks for Ihe fun 
exchange. We had a great timel Pi 
Phi's. (11/13) 
Dear Jenny: Happy 20th Birthday I 
Love, Steve. P.S. Your birthday gift 
is under the sofa. (11/13) 
Hey you, Estrellaslerlll Surpriselll 
Happy 19th Birthday from yourfellow 
' ster-sislers"! II II 

Cosmetic & Family 
DEIITISTRY 
Take the bite out 

of your dental concerns 

274-BlTE 
274-2483 

?iarriet :T. SeUin, 'lJ.'M!J), 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
Alter work I After class 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 Cis/remlln' lIIess BI,j. 
(comer of Genesee) 

La Jolla Village Squ.re 
Dent.' Group O~er. You I If you eat It, 

• COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR M .... STERCARD 
• EVENING .... PPTS • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEI'IDPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24 HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY I'OR WISDOM TOOTH UTRACTlON 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• . 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY SZ9 ~::. 

In<lude, Cleaning & Po/"h'ng, X Ray!, Oral Cane., hdm and PrIvate ConsultatIOn Expires 1 1/30/89 
Offered to : students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 

. .•......• .••••••••••••....••...........•.••••.•..• 

DA VlD S. ESHOM D.D.S. 
Mt'mbcr ADA, CDA, 0 OS. Oeltd Oencal 

8861 ViII .. La Joll .. Dr., Suite 501 
r If" /I J knlkc) \/ 455-9151 

drink It, wear It, 

buy It, .. II It, 

provide It, or 

gotta have it, 

It's In the 

GIIltI'dNInI 

Wick, Mr. Hand, and Paulbo-Let's 
keep the Cabana rockin' l When's 
our next ballad on the balcony? By 
the way, you never saw no Dr. Martin 
Luther the King with no messy Gerry-
Curt on his head. P.S. LUY U LUI -
Egg (11/13) 
To the Cabana Boys-Taquitos! 
Taquitosl Taquitosl Oh, and, just 
remember in three weeks it'll be 
football-time, again I YEAHI Yeah, 
we will. -The Little Tomato 

You must be out of your GodDamn 
mind I Joe Lewis is the greatest 
fighter that ever lived. He's better 
than Cassius Clay, better than Sugar 
Ray, better than-what's that new 
boy's name? Mike Tyson. Mike 
Tyson- look like a bull dog. What 
about Rocky Marciano? There they 
gol There they gol Everytime I start 
talkin' about boxing, a white man 
golla pull Rocky Marciano out there 
assl Rocky Marcianol Rocky 
Marcianol He dey onel He dey onel 
He be Joe Lewis' assl THAT'S 
RIGHT, HE DID WHOOP HIS ASSI 
Ahkha/ 

Sue Vilchek - You are the most 
desireable Polish/Italian woman in 
existence. Why don't you dump 
Fagan so we can communicate more 
globally ... Asecret admirer in Drake's 
class. (11/13) 
Slaugter - You fashion model 
extrodinaire ... Don't you wish your 
trench coat was pea green like mine. 
What are you wearing under there 
anyway? I? Please tell all your 
English buddies that hate Americans 
blc they swear too much to leave nne 
out if it. I don't swear because I'm 
American - I swear blc: I want to be 
a truck driver when I grow up. Love 
ya-M. 
(11/13) 
KRINA - So you want to petition a 
German minor do you? You smart 
ass arrogant Americans are all alike. 
Just because you're in Germany ya 
think you can declare a program that 
doesn't even exist. Well, Christmas 
is coming .. .1 hope Santa gives you 
what you deserve. A Bleck Binky 
you say?!?I?1 OH MYI See ya soon I 
M. (11/13) 

DRUNK DRIVING 
DEFENSE 

from 
$250.22 plus coats 

FREE CONSULTATION 

PERSONAL INJURY 
AUTOIllARINE ACCIDENTS 

SUPITRIP. FAll 
PRODUCT DEFECT INJURIES 

NO RECOVERY, 
NO A TTORNEY FEESI 

LA JOLLA OFFICE 
546-2927 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

"Before I went 
to Diet Center, 
I couldn't fit 
in thisad~' 
Susnn Salnljames 

Two years ago, I couldn't lose 
a stubborn 20 pounds. BUI 
once f jOllled Diet Center, that 
extra weight disappeared for 
good. ff you want to lose 
weight fru.( , (all D,'ete 
Diet Center. 
The" '11 make Center" 
a be'lien:r out 
of yOU. 

C 1'It'" DI("I t cOl..-, Ilk 
"' ('Ilthl t,,~~ JnJ ~rccJ "'I,, .... '.ttl .... ' 11'1 C'Jdl In •• hl .dual 

DIET CENTER OF UNIVERSITY CITY 
3202 Governor Dr. f204. 587-17711 
Btl &or Shcppi"8 C~nur" ~nt. 

" • ~"'" :::. - ~:.··c .'.~~ 

STOCK UP ON YOUR 
HAIR PRODUCTS AND 

CHRISTMAS GIFTS! 



'-

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday November 13, 1989 

Tritons Fall to Menlo in Five 

Women's Volleyball Upset At Regionals 
By DANA CHAIKE 
Associate Sports Editor 

A stay at the top only lasts so 
long. 

All good things must come to 
an end. 

The odds were against it. 
Pick any cliche that applies, but 

the bottom line is that the top-
ranked UCSD women 's volleyball 
team will not win the national title 
for the first time in four years. 

The Tritons once again exhib-
ited theirseason-Iong roller coaster 
personality as they were up et in 
the second round of the Western 
Regional Championship by fourth-
seeded Menlo College last Friday 
at La Verne. 

UCSD trailed by two game 
before climbing back to tie the 
match, only to wind up derailed on 
the return track to nationals. 

"The match felt like it had two 

halves. Menlo played well thefir t 
half. and we pIa) ed well the sec-
ond. The fifth game was like over-
time," UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik de cribed. 

After dethroning the three-time 
defending national champions 15-
6, 15-6, 10-15, 7-15, 15-11, the 
Oaks (25-7) advanced to the NCAA 
Division III National Champion-
ship by sweeping second-ranked 
host La Verne (24-7) 15-10 15-12, 
15-6 on Saturday night. 

It had to happen evemually. 
All year long most people fig-

ured the six-time title-holders ' 
reign would end in this season filled 
with the adversity of injury, subse-
quem line-up changes and mid-
season return to original positions 
and rotations. 

"We got stopped before we 
could even start ," co-captain Di-
ana Klintworth said, "We never 
got a chance [to defend the titles]." 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Despite the loss, Diana Klintworth finished her college career in 
style .. . with a team-leading 26 kills . 

Early on again t Menlo, UCSD 
attempted to attack what Dannevik 
scouteda a weakness in the Oaks ' 
defense. "We wanted to hit back-
sets to their setter so they couldn't 
tran it ion, .. he said. 

The game plan of hitting weak 
side with All-American Klintworth 
and lenny Wellman proved unpro-
ductive, as the Tritons committed 
numerous net errors. 

"We didn't execute what we 
needed to do, and you have to give 
Menlo credit for making all the 
plays they needed to," Dannevik 
aid. 

He described his team 's tema-
tiveness in the opening games, "We 
were playing not to lose, rather 
than playing to win." 

"We finally picked up the in-
tensity and got aggressive in the 
third game. Once we did , I said 
'We're going to win.' I think eve-
rybody felt that we were really 
going to come all the way back," 
Klintworth added. 

UCSD should know about 
comebacks. as last year' s team 
fought back from 2-0 deficits in 
both the semi-final and the cham-
pionship matches to win it all. 

In addition to the team-initiated 
attitude alteration, Dannevik 
helped the situation by switching 
back to the usual strong side attack 
to win the middle games. 

Klintworth felt the team began 
digging, hitting, and blocking bet-
ter in getting back to doing things 
like they usually do, against a 
team that beat them in a best-of-
three match earlier in the season. 

After getting its back off the 
Wall, UCSD mafmained the mo-
mentum it created and carried it 
into the final game, gaining an 
early 5-1 advantage before Menlo 
regrouped from the mid-match 
shell-shock and regained its early 
intensity. 

The Oaks began chipping away 
at the Triton lead, never stringing 
together a run but eventually es-
tablishing a 9-5 lead after UCSD 
came away empty on numerous 
side-out opportunities. 

"Menlo just wouldn't die, and 
we just couldn ' t put it away. We 
couldn ' t score," Klintworth said. 

The Tritons managed to scratch 
their way back to trail by one at 11-

• 

The home of the 
49¢ hatnburger. 

1 l, o. m U(!Vj1/!~m 
,.1,oJ(\° . 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

L ...... ~-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ Quarter Pounder · with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II Med ium-Size Soft Drink 

Cosh vol ... : II 
1/ 20 011 cent 

II Limit one coupon per I I customer. per vis it Please 
prese nt COU f)on when I I ordering. Not va lid with II any o the r offer. 

~Goodthru ~ November30, 1989 
.iiiii_iiiiiiiii 

II 
'Just $1 99 :1 

(plus tOl() II 
Only aI: II 

71AO Miramar IId.@ 
Son Diego 

1237 "'o~ -N\ .... 
loJollo ,-~ 

iii. iii iii iii iii iii iii iii iii 

GI'eI BeneslGuardian 
The Tritons threw their away their hopes for a fourth straight title 
when Menlo defeated them in five games at the West Regional. 

9, but the Oaks continued to play 
the scrappy defense that got them 
the lead. 

UCSD's valiant comeback at-
tempt ended as the match point fell 
just inside the back line after a long 
rally. 

Dannevik credited sophomore 
substitute Vikki Van Duyne with 
the team's best performance. "She 
picked us up and gave us a steady 
intluence," he said. 

The Tritons, who finished 20-

13, may soon have 26 total AIl-
Americ:::-:::, as Klintworth and so-
phomore middle blocker Elizabeth 
Tan were nominated for individual 
honors. 

Going into the match, Dannev ik 
thought that his team could proba-
bly beat Menlo eight out of 10 
times in the long run. Mathemati-
cally, he could still be correct, but 
he probably didn't figure that the 
Oaks would win the first two in the 
series. 

.... 1IiA~L CAJON BLVD_ • 463-5052 
IVERSITY • 291-CUTS 

NEWPORT • 222-3777 
GARNET • 273-CUTS 

Monday, November 13, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Triton Cross Country 
Crosses Regional Barrier 

Men, Women Best in the West Region 
By LES BRUVOLD 
SroffWriter 

Out of the frying pan and into 
the freezer. 

That's what the situation will 
beforUCSD's men's and women's 
cross country teams when they 
arrive at next weekend's NCAA 
Division Ul National meet at Rock 
Island, Illinois. 

But who's complaining? 
Both Triton teams weathered 

unseasonably high temperatures 
and a difficult course as they ran 
away from the competiton at 
Saturday's West Regionals in Santa 
Cruz. 

UCSD dominated the meet, as 
both the men' s and women's teams 
finished well ahead of their com-
petitors. 

The seven Triton women all 
finished among the top 24 finish-
ers in a field of73 - and all seven 
crossed the finish line before four 
runners on any other team finished 
the race. 

The men's team also over-
whelmed its opponents, placing all 
seven runners in the top 20 of a 
field of 64. 

Mike Fox led the way for the 
Tritons, ashe finished ahead of the 
pack with a time of 27:00 - fol-
lowed closely by Roger Webb 

Brian 
Mike Fox ran through the west regional competiton on Saturday. 
winning the entire meet with a time of 27:00 flat. 

(third place; 27: 12), Merrell Hora 
(fourth place; 27:15), and Eric 
Kenney in sixth at 27:43. Stefan 
Wynn, Steve Saatjian and Jason 
Debley rounded out the men's 
impressive performance in 14th, 
17th and 20th places respectively. 

As a team, UCSD scored a 28 
- well ahead of second place 
Claremont-Mudd, which managed 
50. Redlands (.83), Pomona-Pitzer 
(89) and Occidental (148) filled 
out the top five teams. 

According to Head Coach Mark 
Stanforth, the Triton men - with 
another good performance -could 
finish between seventh and tenth 
at next Saturday's National meet. 

"Fox, Webb and Hora all have 
the potential to finish in the top 30 
or 40 at Nationals. They are all 
mature runners and know how to 
run a good race." 

The UCSD women took the top 
two spots in their race as Michelle 
Conlay and Sabrina Jensen fin-
ished with times of 18:32 and 19:0 I 
respectively. Sharon Rocke" in 
tenth (20:21), Laura Peck in 13th 
(20:35), Karen Longyear in 19th 
(20:59), Kelly Booth in 22nd 
(21 :03) and Yolanda Torrez in 24th 
(21: 17) rounded out the women's 
team. Denise McFayden did not 
compete for the Tritons. 

As was the case for the men's 
team, the Triton women swamped 
the rest of the field in team scores, 
racing to a 44. UCSD was trailed 
by Pomona-Pitzer with a 78, Occ-
cidental with a 94, Claremont-
Mudd with a 100 and host UC 
Santa Cruz with 115. 

Stanforth believes that the 
women could place in the top ten at 
Nationals if they run as well as 
they did Saturday. 

"Conlay could finish in the top 
15 or better and Sabrina lensen 
should be among the top 30 to 35 
finishers," he said. 

Stanforth was very pleased with 
the solid group effort from both of 
his squads and emphasized that 
such a strategy is essential to any 
successful cross country team. 

"Very few people understand 
the importance of performing as a 
team in [this kind] of competitive 
running," he explained. 
[Saturday's meet was] a real team 

See CROSS, page 16 

This Week's Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
mal 
Basketball (M) 
Basketball (W) 

Cross Country 
Fencinl 
Soccer (M) 
Swimming 
Water Polo 

maa 
AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE OF SPORT 
at Point Lorna Nazarene 
at Occidental 
NCAA Nationals at Rock Island. n. 
UCLA, CSULB. CSUF. Oxy at Westwood 
NCAA Nationals (Location TBA) 
UCSD RELAYS AT CANYONVIEW 
SUNSET SAN DIEGO 
UCSD ALUMNI 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Du 
Saturday 
Friday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Sat./Sun. 
Saturday 
Friday 
Saturday 

IIIB 
7:00 p.m. 
5:30 p.m. 
6:00 p.m. 
11:00 8.m. 
8:30 a.m. 
TBA 
10:00 a.m 
7:00 p.m. 
4:00 p.m. 

SPORTS 23 

lrR: c.u, Slut .. , AM, HII6",H..,p. SIIIJ, H.i." J.ff R. .... II. PIH. ", F,."d 
L ..... 

GO DOGS GO - Team Tennis 
Team of the Week.. .. hey. how about Team of the Year. Let's 

face it. They don't come any better than this group . Except for 
their silly team name. Go Dogs Go has absolutely nothing wrong 
with it. These guys have got it all, except maybe a Zip 's Tummy 
Buster in their other hand while they play 
their favorite sport of Team Tennis. Then, they'd be truly 
awesome . 

Last Tuesday. the Dogs were at their very best.. .. crushing a 
good Psy,hotic R{.Jdret Slinger team 20-5. Jeff and Casey swepr 
through the men's stuff, Amy and Sally blitzed in the gal' s events, 
and then Casey and Sally pur the frosting on the cake with a 4-1 
crush in mixed doubles. 

Hey, Boris .. .. . Hey Steffie ... Bring ir on in here will ya! 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

tQB: 11 -10:30 Mon.-Thurs.: 
11-11 Sat.: 12-10:30 Sun. 
lA JOllA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(In Von's Shopping Center) 

~ 
\ N "0 ~_ 
"1' -: 'I, OJ' • 

... '. 
--------------------------

I • : 2 for 1 ~~===: : I lesser vaM FREE. I 
I VOid with any ather offer. Toppings nat Included. I 
I - One coupon per customer. Expires 11/19/89 I 

~--------------------------~ 

Set-ups Sole/Rental • Swimsuits • Stuff for Fun, Sun, Surf 

Come in and enter a drawi~ for 
either a Milcasa V1200 {indoor} 

or a V82 (outdoor) """. 
Drawing on Noy. 24, S p.m. 

Winfle!' neecJ not be present. 

4432 Ingraham St. in Pacific Beach • 272-6827 

E:xpi ... 11120189 TRIM & TAN 

SO Il O~~S 
'WTH"",,:t ~ $29 Wolff Sy.<lcm • 2",1 JO TUII OO!S SJ9 .99 $59) (reg· 
--------------------LOSE 6" GUARANTEED ExpiwI IlZOI89 

European Body Wrap $48 (reg. $98) 
Plus a free $20 jar of facial sea clay 

• Nol a Icmpomry water loss · Reduce cellulite · 0 exercise or diets 
--------------------TRIM & TAN 3251 Holiday CI. *204 above SI. Germain's 455-0909 
• College 697·2122 TAN' Pacific Beach 581 ·9060 
• Mission Valley 542-0391 4 LESS • Sports Arena 224·9727 

-



• 

_2_4_s_P_O __ R_T_s ________________________________________ ~~C~SD __ G~u~~d_ian~ __________________________ ~~~onda November13,1989 

Sports 
UCSD COlDpietes the DreaJrl 

Women's Soccer 1989 National Champions 
Continued from page 1 
two goals in yesterday's 3-2 win 
- including a header on a cro s 
from Tere a Schwaar to win the 
game in sudden death - the Tri-
ton came away with the 1989 
NCAA Divi ion III National Title 
and took care of some unfinished 
bu ine in the proce . 

La t year, the Tritons made it to 
the National Final but lost 1-0 in 
sudden death overtime to William 
Smith College of New York. They 
took the final game into sudden 
death overtime again thi sea on, 
but thi time, they came out on the 
winning end. 

In front of over 2,000 total fans 
at North Campu Stadium thi 
weekend ( I ,000 plus on Saturday, 
around 1,200 ye terday), the Tri-
ton were pu hed to the wire by 
both Plymouth State ColJege 
(Ma achu ens) and Ithaca Col-
lege (New York). Both games were 
forced through double overtime, 
with Saturday' game featuring a 
penalty-kick fonnat. 

After an hour and a half of 
corele regulation play and two 
corele s 15 minute overtime , 

UCSD converted four of it five 
penalty kicks while the Plymouth 
State Panthers executed on only 
three of their five. giving the Tri-
tons a 1-0 victory and the opportu-
nity to advance to the National 

Final. offen ively for much of the game the second overtime period. But 
But it wasn't easy. Not by any - regulation and overtime - Friess jumped, punched the ball up 

tretch of the imagination. Plymouth State regained posses- and over the goal and made a save 
In fact, with time running out in sion, drove the length of the field, that just about saved the season. 

the econd overtime period, the and nearly won the game when "I couldn't really see it . .. the 
Panthers nearly put this one in the ophomore forward Elizabeth sun was in my eyes," Friess ex-
books. Healy lofted a shot towards the plained after the game. 

!hough the Tritons dominated goal with 12 second remaining in But she certainly saw the Pan-
.-------------------------------------------.... 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Julie Friess saved this penalty kick - Plymouth State's fourth - when she stopped Pam St. Pierre's 
shot on Saturday. Friess saved Traci Walker's shot minutes later to give UCSD the dramatic 1-0 
victory. Friess, who collected 18 shutouts this season, was named to the All-Tournament team. 

thers' last two penalty kicks. 
After the overtime periods 

ended with the game still dead-
locked at 0-0, each team put forth 
five players to shoot penalty kicks. 
Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus selected Felicia Faro, 
Heather Mauro, Kalyn Shea, Ter-
esa Schwaar and Toni Krumme to 
shoot the crucial shots, but his most 
crucial player had already been se-
lected. She was Julie Friess, and 
she was in the goal. 

Friess couldn't get to Plymouth 
State's first three shots, but after 
Faro, Mauro, Shea and Schwaar 
converted on all of their opportu-
nities with relative ease, she timed 
Pam St.Pierre's shot perfectly and 
batted it away. 

With a 4-3 advantage in penalty 
kicks and Krumme setting up for 
the penalty kick that could have 
clinched it, this one appeared to be 
in the bag. But Krumme was de-
nied, and it was up to Friess to 
work her magic one more time if 
the victory was to be preserved. 

"I was thinking, I have to save 
this, I have to save this," a relieved, 
but jubilant Friess said after the 
game. "For some reason, I had a 
feeling we weren't going to score 
[in overtime]. I knew we were 
going to penalty kicks." 

But Friess was prepared. When 
See W. SOCCER, page 19 

Men's Water Polo to Nationals 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

The wait is over. 
The men 's water polo team has 

finally landed a pot in the NCAA 
National Tournament. 

It happened yesterday with one 
minute remaining in the Western 
Water Polo Association Champi-
onship game between the Tritons 
and the Air Force Falcons. 

Triton goalie J.P. Beay saved 
an Air Force breakaway attempt to 
preserve a 6-5 victory and a berth 
in the NCAA Men ' Open Divi-
sion National Championship Tour-
nament to be held in Indianapolis, 
Indiana from Nov. 24-26. 

The Tritons' appearance not 
only marks the first time the men's 
water polo team has done it, but 
also the first time any UCSD team 
ha participated in a national cham-
pionship tournament against Divi-
sion I opponent . 

UCSD eamed its bid in an up-
and-down game which featured 
strong defenses and mi sed cor-
ing oppcrtunities. Down 1-0 after 
the first quarter, the Tritons came 
stonning back with four econd 
period goals. 

The Tritons eemed to have the 
game well ;n hand in the waning 
second of the third quarter, lead-

See W. POLO, page 16 

Greg Belles/Guanhan 

Celebration - Head Coach Denny Harper, clothes and all, was thrown into the pool following the Tritons' WWPA Chamionship victory 
over the Air Force Academy yesterday at Canyonview Pool. For the first time in his ten ye"ars of coaching, Harper will be taking a UCSD 
men's water polo team to the NCAA National Tournament. 


