
Inside .•. 
• OPINION 
• FEATURES 
• SPORTS 

4 
10 
14 

()PI~I()~ 
Registrar. DeadHnes 
Are Too Early 4 

The UCSD 

FE.\Tl · HE~ 
College Life in 
North and South 10 

~P()HTS 
Women's Soccer 
Streak Ends 14 

I 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Deukmejian Vetoes 
Student Fee Bill 
By MARY BEITY HEARD 
Staff Writer 

Governor George Deukmejian 
recently vetoed a bill that would 
extend the present student fee poli-
cies for state-funded schools until 
the year 1995. 

The law, which determines the 
rate of increase of student fees at 
the California State Universities, 
the Universities of California and 
the Hastings Coll~ge of the Law, 
will be repealed on August 31, 
1990. 

Assembly Bi1l1276, presented 
by Assemblyperson Rusty Areias, 
"extends the student fee methodol-
ogy in existing law ... the sunset 
[of SB 195] was extended" so that 
the current policy would continue 
through 1995, said Kurt Evans, 
principal assistant to Areias. 

would be premature before the 
outcome of the June election on 
Senate Constitutional Amendment 
1 is known." 

The Senate Constitutional 
Amendment 1 (SCA 1) would 
make changes to the budgetary 
process. Evans said it is uncertain 
whether or not SCA 1 would ren-
der Areias' bill obsolete. 

"ldon'tknowwhetherAB 1276 
would be needed or not" after the 
fate of SCA 1 is decided, he said. 

According to Amy Supinger, 
vice-chair of the University of 
California Student Association's 
committee on student fees and 
financial aid, the governor "has 
chosen to politicize the state's fee 
policy. The purpose of this veto is 
to hold fees hostage to the passage 
ofSCA 1." 

See VETO, page 3 

Jenny 
The reggae band Foundation performed for an enthusiastic crowd during Sunday's Reggae 
Fest on the Price Center plaza. Deukmejian said he vetoed the 

bill because, "While I support the 
existing policy which provides 
gradual and predictable fee in-
creases .. . I believe that extending 
the sunset date for the current law 

Student Employees Discuss Unionization 

USE Teller 
Robbed 
By RANDY DOTING A 
Senior Staff Writer 

A teller at the USE Credit Un-
ion on campus was robbed of 
$2,400 on Wednesday, UCSD 
Police said. 

UCSD Police Dispatcher Luis 
Santaella said that at 4:00 p.m. on 
Wednesday a male suspect robbed 
a teller at the credit union. 

Santaella said the man appar-
ently simulated a gun by putting 
his hand in a white bag, and "held 
it up to the teller." 

UCSD Police were notified by 
a silent alarm in the bank, and re-
sponded with multiple units, San-
taella said. However, the suspect 
was not apprehended at the time. 

No injuries were reported, 
Santaella said, adding that UCSD 
Police detectives are investigating 
the crime. 

"The FBI is also investigating 
because bank robbery is a federal 
crime," he said. 

Although robberies have oc-
cured on campus in the past, "the 
credit union hadn't been robbed 
ucces&fully before," Santaella 

said. 
Sanlaella said he was unable to 

give out further information re-
garding the crime or the uspect. 

By MEGAN O'KEEFE 
StajJWriter 

Graduate and undergratude 
students who are employed by 
UCSD met at the International Cen-
ter on Thursday to discuss the pos~ 
sibility of forming an academic 
student union. 

The group's basic concerns 
addressed during the meeting 
included the need for written con-
tracts, health and medical benefits, 
lab safety and day care. 

"Student workers are not eli-
gible for staff benefi ts, but if some-
one off the street was doing the 
same job they would get full bene-

. fits. This is discrimination against 
students," said John Sullivan, a 
teaching assistant in the literature 
department and the student em-
ployee group's chief organizer 

Sullivan said the student em-
ployee group is hoping to imple-
ment a contract that would limit 
student workers to 20 hours per 
week, detail individual student 
employeejobdescriptions foreach 
quarter and limit class sizes. 

"Students are working more 
hours than they should," said Sul-
livan. 

He is concerned that students 
do not have enough time for their 
studies when working more than 
20 hours per week. 

He also pointed out that at pres-
ent, student workers receive no 
health or dental benefits from the 
University except those they al-
ready receive a students. 

Sullivan also feels that the 
University'schildcarefacilitiesare 
inadequate for student's needs. 

"The new center being built to 
hold 150 kids doesn't begin to 
access the needs of the 600 [work-
ing] graduate students. I have a 
family ... I can hardly get by," 
Sullivan said. 

According to UC statistics, 30% 
of all UC employees are students. 
Among academic employees, 46% 
are students. 

Sullivan favors a plan which 
would involve the formation of 
two student unions, one consisting 
of academic workers, the other 
made up of non-academic employ-

ees. 
Presently, non-student employ-

ees of the University of Cali fomi a 
are unionized with the American 
Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees (AFSCME). 
Sullivan plans to find out if 
AFSCME will cover students as 
well. 

Sullivan, who plans to hold 
another meeting of student em-
ployees within the next two weeks, 
will begin work on forming a un-
ion by collecting data about work-
ing conditions in student positions. 
He then plans to begin a member-
ship drive and initiate unionization 
procedures by the beginning of 

winter quarter. 
"Both undergraduates and 

graduates have rights as workers 
to benefits," concluded Sullivan. 

Randy Giles, vice president 
internal of the Graduate Student 
Association, pointed out that leg-
islation requiring the University of 
California to recognize student 
employees is currently progress-
ing through the California legisla-
ture, and one of the UCSD Gradu-
ate Student Association's primary 
concerns is that "the right of stu-
dents to unionize be upheld." 

However, Giles said that "the 
possibility of unionizing in the near 
future is very remote." . 

Authorities Still Searching For 
Clues To Rogers Van Bombing 
By JIM MULLINER 
Staff Writer 

The FBI is currently investi-
gating a personal grudge as the 
possible motive for the Mar. 10 
bombing of a van driven by 
Navy Capt. Will Rogers' wife at 
the corner of La Jolla Village 
Drive and Genesee Avenue. 

According to the Los Ange-
les Times, H. George 
Marxmiller, a resident of Lake 
Oconee, Georgia, is the latest 

subject of FBI inquiries into the 
bombing. 

In a lie detector test admini-
stered by the FBI, Marxmiller 
reponedly failed questions that 
asked whether he planned the 
bombing of the Rogerses' car or if 
he knew who had placed the bomb. 

Marxmiller reportedly denie 
any involvement in the incident. 

Rogers told the Times he met 
Marxmiller once in 1987 during a 
weekend stay in Ponland, Oregon, 
and that he "dimly [remembers] 

the guy." 
Agent Ron Orrantia of the 

San Diego FBI office would not 
comment on the investigation of 
Marxmiller, saying that any com-
ments on the specifics of the 
Rogers van bombing case "might 
seriously impact adversely on 
the investigation." 

"What I can say is the scope 
of the investigation has not di-
mini hed what oever. We are 
looking at all avenues right now, 

See BOMBING, page 3 



( SPOTLIGHT) 
National Authority On Fetal Rights 
Issues To Lecture at Medical School 

Dr. Clifford Grobstein, biologist and author of Sci-
ence and the Unborn, a book that examines the develop-
mental stages of the embryo and fetus, will give a free 
public lecture at 4 p.m. tomorrow in the main auditorium 
of the School of Medicine. 

Grobstein, professor emeritus of biological science 
and public policy at UCSD, is considered a national 
authority on issues related to the embryo and developing 
fetus. His book outlines six different stages of fetal 
development and discusses the scientific data that relate 
to the question of when human life in the womb actually 
begins. 

Although his work is widely cited in the continuing 
debate over abortion and the use of fetal tissue in re-
search and transplantation, Grobstein does not take a 
position on these issues. 

Japanese Superpower Status Will 
Be Explored By Expert On Asia 

Daniel Burstein, an expert on issues of trade and eco-
nomics ofthe Pacific Rim, will speak about "Japan: The 
New Superpower," at 8 p.m. tomorrow in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

For three years, Burstein gathered information on the 
workings of the Japanese economy and how it affects the 
United States. The results were published last year in the 
book Yen! Japan's New Financial Empire and Its Threat 
to America. Japanese readers bought 100,000 copies of 
his book, putting it on the Japanese bestseller list within 
weeks of its springtime release. 

In the early 19705, Bur tein was among the first 
American journalists to travel in China. After that trip, he 
began to specialize in Far Eastern events and issues. He 
has reported extensively from Asia for CBS News, ABC 
News, Time magazine, The Christian Science Monitor, 
The Washington Post, and The Boston Globe. 

Burstein comes to UCSD from Europe, where he has 
been researching his new book, The World After 1992: 
The Global Power Game. Burstein sees 1992 as a year 

Mot 's Crew 

News 
that promises enormous global change, with the world 
breaking down into economic blocks and Europe fonn-
ing the world's largest marketplace. 

Tickets forthe lecture may be purchased atlhe UCSD 
Box Office or at TicketMa ler outlets. 

Noted Medical Ethicist To Speak 
About Health Care Reforms 

Daniel Callahan, Ph.D., one of the nation's leading 
experts on medical ethics, will talk about "Rationing 
Health Care: Can We Change Our Way Of Life?" at 4 
p.m. tomorrow on the School of Medicine campus. 

Callahan, the co-founder and director of The Hastings 
Center, an institute nationally renowned for its work in 
the field of medical ethics, is the third lecturer in the 
UCSD School of Medicino Associates (SOMA) Visiting 
Professor Lecture Series. He is the author of over 27 
books, and has contributed articles to such publications 
as Harpers, The Atlantic, and the New Ellgland Journal 
of Medicine. 

The lecture will take place in the Leonard Garren 
Auditorium in the Basic Science Building. A reception 
will follow the lecture in the School of Medicine's 
Dean's Office Lobby. 

Expert In Mexican, Aztec Cultures 
To Give Talk On "Nature" Topics 

Andres Segura, a descendent of the Pre-Columbian 
Aztec tribe and a well-known authority on Aztec society 
and holistic medicine, will give a lecture titled "Healing 
Mother Earth/The Balance of Nature." 

Segura, who is also an instructor in native Aztec 
dance and a practitioner of the Indian oral history tradi-
tion, has lectured at American universities for the past 17 
years. Reared in Mexico City, Segura was taught the 
ancient ways of the Aztecs in an Indian village 90 miles 
from his home. 

The lecture will take place at 7 p.m. in GaiJery A ofthe 
Price Center. 

Volunteers Sought For Children's 
Hospital Halloween Activities 

Ch i1dren 's Hospi tal w ill hold a Children's Health and 
Safety Faircomplete with a teddy bear clinic and a "Safe 

-rFArv~/NG rllt" 
"'o~ry t~ASr­
POPlltAR !>o/ll'G$ 
III rH~ CO(//iTI2Y 
"-"PAY.' 

fHIS I!S fH~ 
P~OGRAM fHAf 
COMES ON W'"'~tJ ~ 

f;V~12 YOU CAN 
ONL-Y PICK uP 
ONe- SfAf/ON. 

Halloween" tent. Because 10,000 people are expected to 
attend, the hospital needs a many volunteers as possible. 
For those who want to help Halloween be a safe time for 
San Diego children, a volunteer orientation session will 
be held today at 5:30 p.m. in the Santa Cruz Room of the 
Price Center. 

For more information about volunteer opportunities 
in San Diego, UCSD students and staff can contact the 
Volunteer Connection, an organization which acts as a 
liaison between UCSD and the San Diego non-profit 
community, at 534-1414. The Volunteer Connection 
office is located on the third floor of the Price Center. 

( a.t UCSD NEWS J 
Bookstore Program Offers Help To 
Newcomers to United States 

As part of its month-long dedication celebration , the 
University Bookstore will present "Newcomer's Guide 
to Living in the United States," a free public lecture, 
tomorrow at 7 p.m. in the Price Center Theater. The 
lecture will beconductedby Leon Snaid;a local attorney. 

Snaid, formerly of Johannesburg, South Africa, has 
practiced law in three countries since 197 \. He is also the 
author of The Newcomer's Guide to Living in the U.S.A ., 
a collection of audio cassettes. 

UCSD Jazz Festival Planned For 
This Weekend At Price Center 

Featuring artists such as guitarist Hank Easton, saxo-
phonist Kirk Whalum and the Rippingtons, UCSD will 
present a jazz festival from 12:30 p.m. until 5 p.m. this 
Sunday, Oct. 22. Admission to the concert, located in the 
Price Center Plaza, is free. 

Easton, leader ofthe ensemble Easton West, came to 
San Diego from Cleveland, Ohio three years ago. He has 
been a featured guitarist with The Clue and Circles, with 
Forecast jazz band, and with his own ensemble. He 
opened at the UCSD jazz festival last year. 

Kirk Whalum comes to UCSD after just releasing a 
new album entitled The Promise, which he produced. 
Whalum's work can be heard on the soundtrack of the 
movie Cousins. 

The Rippingtons, featuring guitarist Russ Freeman, 
come off of their award-winning debut album with a new 
record, entitled Tourist In Paradise. While Freeman 
leads the band and also functions as its guitarist, pro-
ducer, arranger and synthesizer specialist, the Ripping-
tons also feature percussionist Steve Reid, drummer 
Tony Morales and bassist Steve Bailey. 

Alcohol Awareness Week Events 
To Be Held On Campus 

National Collegiate Alcohol Awareness Week, tak-
ing place from Oct. 16 through Oct. 20, will be observed 
at UCSD through a numberof different activities allover 
campus. 

The week's activities include a sobriety check by the 
UCSD Police at noon today on the hump, a wrecked car 
display all day today at the hump, and "Mocktails" will 
be served on Oct. 18 at 9 p.m. in the Muir Rathskeller. 

UCNEWS ) 
UC Regents To Meet At UCLA 

The UC Board Of Regents will meet Thursday, Octo-
ber 19 at the UCLA campus. 

Items to be di cussed by the Regents include site 
selection for prospective new UC campuses and the 
1990-91 capital and operating budget. 

According to guidelines established by the Regents al 
their September meeting, the new UC campuses hould 
"include different combinations of graduate and research 
programs across disciplinary categorie~, or new disci-
pline~, and fields of study nOlcurrenlly available al UC," 
according to Ron Kolb, spokesper~on for Ihe office of 
UC Pre ident David Gardner. 

--COml)i1ed by Jason Snell 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

James Collier/Guardiall 

Photographers 
Meeting: 

NEWS 3 

VETO: 
Governor 
Axes New 
Fee Policy 
Continued from page 1 

One University of CalifoJnia 
Student Association spokesperson 
said that unless a bill similllIto SB 
195 is passed, there will be no 
long-term fee policy, leaving the 
students' fees subject to the whims 
of the Regents or Board of Direc-
tors of the University. 

"The governor is trying to bal-
ance the budget on the backs of the 
students," he said. 

Students learned more about the Education Abroad Program and Opportunities Abroad 
Program at Friday's Quest Intern~tional event held at the International Center. 

The photo de-
partment will 
be meeting 
Thesday at 6:00 
p.m. at The 
Guardian of-
fices on the sec-
ond floor of the 
old Student 
Center. The UCSA is expected to present another bill pertaining to 

student fees in January of 1990. 

BOMBING: Ongoing Investigation of 
Rogers Van Bombing Produces Suspect dermatology 
Continued rrom page 1 
and we haven't eliminated any 
possible aspects of' the investiga-
tion, Orrantia said. 

According to Orrantia, the 
Naval Investigative Services and 
San Diego Police are also aiding in 
the FBI investigation. 

Rogers was captain of the USS 
Vincennes in July, 1988 when the 
Ship. as it patrolled the Persian 
Gulf, fired upon and destroyed an 

I N T R 

Iranian airliner carrying 290 pas-
sengers. The crew had incorrectly 
identified the airliner as an Iranian 
F-14 fighter. 

The Pentagon absolved Rogers 
of wrongdoing after conducti ng an 
investigation of the incident. 

Until recently, international 
terrorists have topped the list of 
suspects in the pipe bomb explo-
sion that destroyed the van. 

Authoritie questioned the in-

o D u c I 

volvement of Marxmiller in the 
bombing after he warned the FBI 
that Rogers could have reason to 
kill his wife due to a past extra-
marital affair. 

A San Diego federal grand jury 
has subpoenaed Marxmiller to 
provide blood samples which will 
be matched 31gainst the blood type 
found in the saliva of cigarette 
butts discovered outside of the 
Rogers home. 

• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts, psoriasis 

• leg veins • thinning hair 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Certified Dermatologist 

Hours: 8 a.m.-5 p.m. M-F. some Saturdays. 

552-8842 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. STE. 1121 

(behind Elephant Bar Restaurant) 

N G 

NOT FOR 
WOMEN ONLY 

PERMANENT HAIR REMOVAL 

COLLEGE NIGHT 15 MINUTES FREE ($20 Value)* 
Tuesdays 

10-0UNCE DRAFT BEER .......... ...... .... .. 50f 
MARGARITAS ......................... : ... .. .. $2.00 
LONG ISLAND TEAS ... ...... . , .... .... ..... $2.00 
SAFARI FOOD SPECIALS ........ ....... ... $1.49 

p... 'I 
N D ~ 

S u MOS'\'~ M\GM'., ",,"'C\A'\~ theSe drink speCIals '1IIJiI d rece,ve ~ 
. ,"swbat1 ..... 

BriNg II' a pa. . . .. . ' .... ' .. ' .. ' $2.00 
Dra\t Beers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 00 

' t s . .... .. $2. Margan a ··· .' .... 
Long islands 

8980 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
La Jolla. 587-1993 

Proper I. D. req,. ired 

Join the ranks of men who rave 
solved the problem of excessive 
back, shoulder, and arm hair. Our 
all-female staff at Alexander's 
understands this sensitive problem 
and is fully trained in medical and 
cosmetic electrolysis for men 
and women. 

CALL TODAY! 

Alexander Electrolysis 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2121 

(behind Elephant Bar) 
558-0888 

*First-time dients • Expires 1l/1/89 
Evening and Saturday appointments also available 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 16, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DAVID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, ews Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. ews Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

The Gwuthan is published IWice '4-«kly IIllhc Umverslty 0( Califomll, San 01C:;0. COl"lIcntJ C 1989. 
V'ews expteSSCd herein ftptaenl lhe majOnty VOle of the edllonaJ board, and an: no( nccussaril)l those 

of lhe UC Board of Recents. the ASUCSD nor the entire GlMUdian itafT. 

Free Expression 

'Fighting Words' Redux 
Vice Chancellor Joseph W. Watson's letter (which appears 

elsewhere on this page) defending the UC policy prohibiting 
"fighting words" raises some interesting arguments in favor of 
the policy. Unfortunately, these arguments miss the point ofthe 
original Guardian editorial and do not stand up to close scrutiny. 

Watson argues that the policy does not prohibit the expression 
of ideas, but only regulates the manner in which they are ex-
pressed. He also says "the policy is intended to foster a campus 
environment which allows the free exchange of ideas ... " [italics 
added]. As we pointed out in the editorial last week, the problem 
is not really the intention of the policy, but rather its great 
potential for abuse. 

No one wants a campus where verbal harassment and racial 
epithets are commonplace. But they aren't commonplace, and 
even if they were, this policy is not an appropriate solution. If the 
cost of totally eradicating such behavior is to risk creating an at-
mosphere where people are reluctant to express their views, is it 
really worth it? 

Moreover, abuse of the policy is by no means a far-fetched 
notion even if punishments are implemented through student 
judicial boards. Watson argues that there is a difference between 
free expression and conduct which infringes on the rights of an 
individual. Clearly, such a difference exists - but is it so easy to 
draw the line? 

The impossibility of drawing uch a line is the chieffailing of 
this policy. Already, the American Civil Liberties Union has said 
thai free expres ion is at risk at universities around the country, 
and the last issue of the U (a national paper which the Guardian 
carries as a monthly insert) had several examples of this kind of 
censorship. Not only does this new policy fail to improve the 
climate, it makes the situation worse. 

It also is discriminatory; it only regulates the behavior of 
students. The implication is that faculty member can use "fight-
ing words," but students may not. 

The policy is a disgrace, and it should be terminated. 

Unfair and Unreasonable 

Draconian Deadlines 
UCSD's deadlines for dropping classes, receiving "W's" and 

changing grading options are too early. The deadline for chang-
ing grading options is the most problematic; students must decide 
if they want to take a class for a grade or pass/no pass before 
they 've even taken a single exam. 

Other University of Califomia campuses do not have " W" 
grades and, as the table below demonstrates, most do not have 
anything approaching the draconian deadlines of UCSD. UCLA 
is the most astonishing; it allows the dropping of classes even 
during finals week, with no mention of the class on the student's 
transcript. 

This may be going a little too far, but it is apparent that the 
deadlines at UCSD are too early to allow students to make 
intelligent, informed decisions. The administration should exam -
ine the policy, and consider making it more like the ones at other 
UC campuses. 

University To drop w/o W To drop Change option 
Berkeley 5th wk Finals wk- 5th wk 
Davis 6th wk Finals wk· 2nd wk 
Irvine 6th wk Finals wk· 2nd wkt 
Los Angeles N/A Finals wk 6th wk 
Riverside 3rd wk 5th wk· 5th wk 
Santa Barbara 4th wk Finals wk· 7th wk 
Santa Cruz N/A 7th wk 2nd wk 
San Diego 4th wk 9th wk 2nd wk 
- Dean's signature or petition required, no W received 
t Change can be made until the end of the quarter with the approval 
of the dean and in~tructor. 

I LEn;,~~'$ I 
Vouchers Aren't the Answer I) What levels are the vouch-

ers set at? Currently, government 
only pays for those who are edu-
cated in public schools. Under the 
voucher system, government pays 
for those who attend private 
schools as well. In order to main-
tain the same level of funding for 
public schools, educational ex pen-

Editor: 
As a new student at UCSD, 1 

must say that I was most surprised 
to see a student newspaper en-
dorse the concept of education 
vouchers, a concept which, if 
enacted, would be di astrous to 
the health of public education in 
this country. While educational 
refonn is surely needed, vouchers 
are not the solution. 

Rather than looking at mean-
ingies comparisons, I suggest we 
look at the real issue (vouchers) 
and the industry affected (educa-
tion) . Unfortunately, vouchers 
create mQre problems than they 
solve . Among ihese are the fol-
lowing: See VOUCHERS, page 7 

Don't Stereotype Greeks 
Editor: In your editorial, you state that 

three times as much money is spent 
on education a on restaurants and 
bars and imply this is due to the 
fact that restaurants and bars are 
privately owned. Of course, three 
times as much money is spent on 
defense as on education, yet you 
do not advocate nationalizing GE 
Dr Lockheed. 

This is in regard to the letter in 
the Oct. 9 Guardian entitled 
"Greeks are Elitist Pigs." After 
having read thi letter we were 
annoyed as well as shocked to ee 
that some people have such a 
negative attitude toward the Greek 
system. 

that we, as fraternities and sorori-
ties, were required to "redeem our 
not so honorable image." As far as 
we know, from talking to friends 
inside and outside of the frau,:r-
nity,everyone who is aware of our 
fraternal activities feels we have 
accomplished many things. We 
find that the people who criticize 

The letter in question claimed See GREEK, page 6 

Policy Does Not Restrict Free Expression 
Editor: 

There is a major error in your editorial of Oct. 9 
(and in the accompanying letter entitled "Dangerous 
Censorship") criticizing the UC policy on the use of 
"Fighting Word ." It criticizes the policy for prohi-
bitions which are not in the policy. 

Contrary to your editorial, the policy does not 
prohibit or restrict the expression of ideas and views, 
no matter how critical, unplea ant, controver ial or 
reprehensible they may be. The policy is intended to 
foster a campu ¢nvironment that allows the free ex-
change of ideas and view wi thout intimidation or 
harassment of any individuals. 

Specifically, the policy defines as violations of 
student conduct the expression of abu ive epithets 
directly at an individual in a context and manner that 
would commonly be expected to provoke a violent 
reaction. 

There would appear to be no justification for any 
individual on a university campus to have to express 
their views by directing abusive epithets at another 
individual or group of individuals. 

There is a difference between free expression of 
ideas and conduct that infringes on the rights of an 
individual not to be subjected to physical or emo-
tional abuse. One has the objective of infonning and 
convincing, the other has the objective of provoking 
violent reaction or emotional distress. 

In light of its very important implications, r am 
providing the full text ofthe policy so that everyone 

BENSON 

may be fully infonned of the specific misconduct it 
addresses: 

The use of "fighting words" by students to 
harass any person(s) on University property, on 
other property to which these policies apply as 
defined in campus implementing regulations, or 
in connection with official University functions 
or University-sponsored programs. 

"Fighting words" are those personally abusive 
epithets which, when directly addressed to any 
ordinary person are. in the context used and as a 
matter of common knowledge, inherently likely 
to provoke a violent reaction whether or not they 
actually do o. 

Such words include, but are nO! limited to, 
tho e terms widely recognized to be derogatory 
reference to race, ethnicity, religion, ex. sexual 
o';entation, di sability and other personal charac-
teristics. "Fighting words" constitute "harass-
ment" when the circumstances of their utterance 
create a hostile and intimidating environment 
which the tudent uttering them should rea ona-
bly know will interfere with the victim ' ability to 
pur ue effectively his or her ed ucation or other-
wise to pal1icipare fully in University programs 
and activitie . 

[ appreciate the Guardian's effol1s to infotm the 
UCSD community of this policy development. 

Joseph W. Watson 
Vice Chancellor 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Watch What We· Say ... martial rhetoric than Ronald Reagan. And, to be sure, when it was fused with decisive 
action, such as the deployment of cruise 

almost any other administration. 
Why? Because Reagan talked so tough, 

that 's why; because he was the Gipper and 
Rambo and Clint Eastwood; because his 
rhetorical might disguised hi s substantive 
weakness. The velvet fist was concealed 
inside the mailed glove. 

NEW YORK - Stretch your mind back 
to the spring of 1980, when President Car-
ter authorized an attempt to re cue the 
American hostage held by Iran. Every-
thing went wrong. Mechanical glitches 
plagued the helicopters; the operation was 
called off; two planes collided in the desert 
and eight Americans were killed. 

Remember what that did to Jimmy Car-
ter? Remember how it nailed down his 
reputation as a wimp, a weakling? Remem-
ber how we yearned for a tough, no-non-
sense president who would not be afraid to 
use American power? 

Now s tretch your mind back, oh, several 
days. Remember when one of our major 
public enemies, the man we had indicted on 
drug charges, the man we had publicly 
urged his countrymen to overthrow, was 
actually held prisoner by a group of rebel 
Panamanian military officers? 

Remember what we did? First, we 
blocked a couple of roads to keep Manuel 
Noriega's loyalists from reaching him. Then 
we pretended this was nothing more than a 
coincidental deployment of American forces 
in connection with a military exercise. 

Then it turns out wedid not block a third missiles in Europe. the caUs for resolution 
road, which was eventually used by pro- and steadfastness worked. 
Noriega forces to put down the upri si ng. Most of the time, however, it was little 
And then it turns out that the Southern more than rhetoric. In 1983, we boldly 
Commandsomehow .-__________ ... ___ -, inserted American 

got its comm unica- Jeff Greenfield Marines into Leba-
tions tangled up (was non only to see a 
the message that the Universal Press Syndicate massive loss of life, 
rebels "won't" turn followed by a pull-
Noriega over to the 
U.S., or "want" to tum Noriega over to the 
U.S.? 

It makes Sen. Jesse Helms sound down-
right generous when he described the op-
eration as a "Keystone Kops" caper. The 
United States now reaps all the blame for 
"Yankee interventionism" without having 
accomplished one of its key regional policy 
objectives, which was apparently within 
relatively easy reach. 

But here's one wager that the Bush 
administration may suffer only short-term 
political damage from this fiasco. Why? 
Because the last decade has taught us that if 
a pre ident's rhetoric is tough enough, it 
can obscure pusillanimous action. 

No chief executive could better marshal 

out of those troops. 
[f any American servicemen could be said 
to have died in vain, it was those young 
men. 

When Iranian-supported terrorists blew 
up those Marine barracks, blew up an 
embassy, blew up an American civilian 
airliner, those deeds went utterly unpun-
ished. 

Our most vigorous response, in fact, was 
to try to buy off the Iranians with anns 
shipments, the better to finance covert 
operations in Central America. 

Imagine that: Rewarding with military 
aid the government that killed more Ameri-
cans than any since the Vietnamese. And 
yet, it merely shook the Reagan administra-
tion. It did not topple it, as it would have 

Now George Bush may be no Ronald 
Reagan, but in 1988 he effectively rid 
himself of the "wimp" factor with some 
very strong talk about the need for strength 
in the world, and the hopeless naivNe of his 
Democratic opposition. 

Indeed, his strongest suit remains the 
systemic unwillingness of the Democratic 
Party mainstream to acknowledge;lOy in-
terest in the world that might conceivably 
require the use of American force. 

What, then, will happen to his standing 
now that his White House has faced its first 
major policy crisis with indecision, hesi-
tancy and confusion? 

Not much, I think; unless his " loyal 
opposition" can demonstrate the same kind 
of vigor that a Ronald Reagan as outsider 
would have shown had Jimmy Carter's 
White House pulled this rock. In the ab-
sence of that sort of energy, the doctrine 
"speak loudly and carry a wet noodle" 
could well carry the day. 

LOSE ~aCcod' 
UP TO 7 LBS. A WEEK 

• The Medical Way 
• The Best Way 
• The Safest Way 
• The Easiest Way 
• The Quickest Way 

FREE Lifetime Maintenance - Never Gain Again! 
_ Medlfast and other proven methods 

Insurance Reimbursable 
_ For weight losses of 10 Ibs. and up 
_ Registered Dietician 
_ Licensed Psychologist 

Steve Goodrich, 90 /bs. later 
(In only 16 weeks) 

THE 

Dr, GeQ~e Weiss 
Eamily Practice 

Medical Director 

Personalized Medical 
& WeICht Centers 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. #2130 
La Jolla Professional Bldg. 

behind Elephant Bar 

450-1700 

PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

CALL TODAY FOR MORE INFORMATION 

454-2255 

H,AJR Dl:SIGNS 

HAIRCUTS 

$8.50 
;.' 

PERMS 

$23.50 
. :.. 

, ; -. 

CLAI..aM SQUAIIE 
("*XI 10 vQNS) 27 .. 3600 

M.AMUA 
(NEXI TO PIZZA HUI) w.6100 
UNIVIISITY TOWNE CINTIE 

(ACROSS FROM MANN IH~IIl1:) 
45HII2O 

OPEN 70AYS 
Nf'f. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILAIlE 

WHY 
PAY 

MORE 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds. 

.. 8.237 

COMPREHENSIVE VISION TESTING 
FOR 

STUDENTS, FACULTY AND STAFF 

You're smart, or else you wouldn't be at U.C.S.D. So 
don't be fooled by low fees and one-hour service. Your 
eyes deserve the best eyecare in order to achieve maximum 
performance in sports, academics and the enjoyment of 
your free time. 

A comprehensive eye examination will determine what 
you need to ensure your success through visual efficiency 
and good eye health. 

Contact lenses for all needs are custom fit to your eyes, 
visual needs, and budget. 

UCSD students receive ~, 15% discount from customary 
professional Ii 

S 

• NOf 1IQ/id ill colljwu:tioft willi QIIl OfMr specilUs. 

Daniel J. Rosenbaum, O.D . 
Alumnus, Revelle 1979 

7770 Re6ellb Rd., SIIiU 104, VOlt', S..,., Or. !U6-1HO 
MOIIllUllTflllce PIIuu W.ko ... 1 



6 OPINION The: UCSD Guardian 

I GM1tDTAN Close-up 
Different Values, Different Priorities 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN, Features Editor 

As I stood in the book returns line at the 
bookstore about two weeks ago, one student 
caught my attention. He was a clean-cut guy, 
wearing a T-shirt which pictured a dirt bike, a 
bikini-clad female and the U.S. Capitol. Under 
the images was the following statement: "Dirt 
bikes, girls and democracy - Is this a great 
country or what?" 

He was flipping through a box of po ters 
and the ones he brought to his friends' attention 
were as interesting as his shirt. One had an 
overflowing stack of money accompanied by 
the words " My first million." Another had 
several smaller pictures of things like ex pen-
si ve cars, mansions and other symbols oflife in 
the fast lane. 

Both outraged and fascinated, I thought of 
one word as I watched this young man: values. 

Needless to say, I hold very different values, 
in fact, the opposite values. I tend to look down 
on people who are so obviously focused on the 
material and living an image. It is hard for me 

to decide if I am acting " holier than thou" in 
my condemnation ofthis guy, ifmy criticism 
reflects a belief that my values are better than 
his values. I'm rel\l1y not sure. 

One concern I have i s that, as a peer of mine, 
the guy is a "Future Leader of Society." (I use 
the cliche sarcastically - I hate them.) I don't 
think it is in everyone's best in tere t for some-
one like him to hold a leadership role in oci-
ety. But that again delves in into judging 
whose values are "better." 

The fact that this is the last issue of the 
Guardian in which the words "Features Edi-
tor" will follow my name deals with values on 
a different level. After a great deal of thought, 
I concluded that I had to reduce my commit-
ment to the newspaper. 

J took a long, hard look at the discrepancy 
between what I wanted out of my time at 
UCSD and the reality of what was. When I 
realized that it was completely in my power to 
change this discrepancy, I couldn ' t j ustify 
staying on as Features Editor. 

More important than the justification by 
default was the active role that I was taking in 
my own life: I was going to take charge and do 
things the way I wanted to. And, you know, 
that feels good, really good. 

Some final words to you clowns who form 
the Guardian family . On the whole, you're not 
half bad. Phil , you're even okay, too. The offer 
to go to the art museum still stands. After-
wards, I'll teac h you how to drink cappuccino 
and have pseudo-intellectual conversation. 

It would be appropriate at this point to say 
that I'm goi ng to miss all of you, but 1 'm not 
because I'm not really leaving. It's important 
to me that you understand that I'm not jumping 
ship; I'm just changing duties. 

I'll be around, but just not as a permanent 
resident of the Guardian offices. I need my 
freedom, but there's no way to get the newspa-
per bug out of me - I'm hooked. 

Besides, Guardian chair races and inter-
views with a certain herring fisherman on the 
Baltic Sea are hard to beat when it comes to 
entertainme;,t. 

"The UCSD Guardian Close-up" appears each 
Monday, and is written by a different staff 
member each week. 

D 0 ' ~ , \' 0"'" n ~ ~ . , I I ~ j f.J: L L ,~ 

MAJOR IN PIZZA, 
MINOR IN ECONOMICS. 

Domino's Pizza Welcomes 
you Back to School with 
these special offers. 
Fresh Toppings: 
Pepperoni , Mushrooms, Olives, Sausage, 
Green Peppers, Ham, Onions, Ground Beef, 
Pineapple, Double Cheese and Extra Thick 
Crust. 

DOUBLE G U A RAN TEE 
Product GUInntee 
If you're not happy with your pizza for ANY reason, we'll replace 
il and refund your money. 
AND 
Servlceau. ..... 
If your..pizza does not arrive within 30 minutes from the time you 
order, the driver will take $3.00 of the price of your pizza -
WITHOUT EXCEPTION - ever. 
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE. 
Earn up to $10 an hour. 
10 minute pick up. 
Ask about our party specials. 

r----------T-----nro12r~-r---------1 

: $559 kWl&\L : $888 s=rdltL : $599 IIAL: 
I Get one 12" original cheese pizza for I PIZZAS I Get one 12" Original cheeee pizza with I I only $5.59. Toppings ~ each per pizza. I Get two 12" Original cheese pizzas for lone topping for ONLY $5.99. Toppings I 
I Tax not inCluded. Offer good from I ONLY $8.88. Toppings ~ each per pizza. I ~ each per pizza. Tax not included. I 11 a .m. - 3 p.m. only. Tax not included. Offer good after 9 p.m. only. 
I CALL US! I ~ CALL US! I ~ CALL USI I 
: 452.ucsD : ~ 452·UCSD : 452·UCSD : I 3211 Holiday Court I 3211 Holiday Court I 3211 Holiday Court I 

~ 12/31118 JUST ASKI I EJcpiow: 12/31118 I ~ ..... ,.. .. .. - I ~12/31111 ~."...........,. ... - . I 
HoI good ....... _ """""". ~ ... ,.1It/pMIIo." -... HoI good ....... - oIIw 

I cao.an...-. J.Noc:a...,~. I ~..... ...J &..;---------- -----------~---------

Monday, October 16, 1989 

Greek 
Continued from page 4 

us to the greatest extent are those 
who know the least about us. 

Theauthorstated, "Stereotypes 
don't just start themselves." We 
agree with this statement 100%; 
however, as most people know, 
stereotypes usually are not true 
and reflect the insecurities of the 
people who made them up. 

To say Greeks are elitist pigs 
because such a stereotype exists 
makes as much sense a saying 
that all Jews are cheap, all Polish 
people are stupid and all interior 
decorators are homosexual. 

In addition, the author stated 
that the Greek system " [fragments] 
campuses into cI iques and castes," 
and that they "detract from the 
diversity, individuality and ma-
turity of the student body." We 
find thi3 to be completely false. 

We find fraternities to be posi-
tive in this respect in that they 
bring many people together who 
share similar goal as well a many 
other interests. In terms of matur-
ity , the Greek system offers a 
vadety of chances for people to 
grow in such skills as leadership, 
working with others, organizing 
events and public speaking. 

It is clear to many of the stu-
dents at UCSD that there is a great 
need to improve the environment 
in regard to the non-academic 
aspects of this school. A fraterni ty 
or sorority offers a great chance 
for newcomers as well as those 
who have not been able to meet 
many people to find others who 
share their same interests. 

Whether these interests be so-
cial, academic, athletic or just 
friendship, the fraternities and so-
rorities provide many opponuni-
ties to enhance onc's college ex-
perience. 

For all of you that are still skep-
tical after reading this leller, please 
do not get us wrong, there are 
some people in the system that are 
not well intentioned. Butthere will 
always be at least a few "pigs" on 
every farm and to say that a farm 
is full of only pigs simply because 
they are the ones that stick out the 
most is just being superficial as 
well as ignorant. 

Matthew Cohen 
Jordan Cook 

Give us a 
Piece of 

Your Mind 
The Guardian welcomes 
letters, Drop your letter 
by the GUB~/an offices 
(in the old Student Center, 
where the A,S. offices 
used to be) or mail it to 
Opinion Editor, Guardian 
UCSD 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. Letters should be 
typed, double-spaced and 
should include a signature 
and phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit 
letters for length and 
clarity. 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

Vouchers 
Continued from page 4 

for education? Some people com-
plain about people selling food 
stamps, but the temptation to sell 
vouchers could be much greater, 
especially if the child is c utting 
classes a lot and the family is 
poor. A corrupt school adminis-
trator might buy the voucher at a 
discount and redeem it with the 
government at its face value. A 
government bureaucracy might 
prevent such abuses, but wasn't 
one of the ideas behind vouchers 
to lessen bureaucracy? 

SETH SLATER, Editor In Chief Senior Slaff Wriler" Brian Itow. John Shaw 
Staff .. rlt~rs: Cynthia Campbell , Bryan Dia." Christina Huizar, Mary Betty 
Heard. Julie Heimler. Adam Levy. Jim Mulliner. Mordecai Potash , David 
Poticha. Audrey Lyn Winterer. Sabrina Youmans 

ditures will have to increase, not 
decrease. This means more taxes, 
not less. 

2) What will happen to the less 
popular schools? Your editorial 
suggests that schools will be cre-
a ted. You neglect to mention that 
o ther school s might be destroyed. 
Less prestigious inner-city schools 
are likely to fail, while new, more 
prestigious schools in the suburbs 
(where a premium over the 
voucher value can be charged) 
can open. Thus, forced busing of 
white students will decline. "Vol-

DAVID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BrITNER, New.f Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, New .• Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Edilor 
ANDREA ADLEMAN, Features Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Auociate S"orls Editor 
JAMES COLLIER . ProductiOIl Manager 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editnr 

Photographers: Greg Bene., James Collier. Frdnk Lum 
Illustrators: Rick Ford. Mel Marcelo 
Ty pists: Larry Bach.mch. Leng Loh. J im Mullin .. , Jason Snell. Kari Bickett 
Copy Readers: Greg Hufr.tutter. Julie Puzon. Diane Rigdon. JesSie Springer 
Produclion : Sue Chen, Melinda Hamihon, Robin Maclean 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays:Jind Thursdaysdurinc lhe ~emic: year 
by and for the student!' of UCSO. Reproduction or Ihl5 ncwsp~pcr in any form. whether 1ft 
whole or In part. without per1Tus.siOll ill srricdy protubned. C I989. all n,hlS reserved. PHIL GRUEN, Sports Editor 

PAlTY JE1IIE, Iliatlls Editor The GlUJ1'dJan is not responsibk (orthe rerum or unsolicited nunu.scripcs or an. The 
views elltpressed in pphic.., and signed lellen or commenr'J.nc:s do nQ( neces..unly repre· 
scnllheopimOll o('The GuvrtJltJn, the UnivcnilY oI'C:difomia or.he Associaled Snams 
of UCSD. Views ellpre..~sed in un'li&ned editori.l" reprt-.ent a majoril)' opinion 0' lhe 
C"lJrdJiJn edilol'i.3) bourd consi3linc of the editor in chief, mana,;in: cdirOl', news editors 
and opinion editor. If this paper were a righ t-wing journal like the Naliollai Review, 

your position would be under-
standable, though misguided. As 
the student paper of a public uni-
versity, your position is simply 
i ncomprehens i ble. 

GAIL JOHNSON, Auociate Photo Editor 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associate fliatus Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphic.1 Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
LARRY WEINTRAUB, Music Assignmelll Manager 

BOB OeANDREA, Busines.f Maoo,qer GU!SkIlIAN MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertisillg Manager MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Desigller E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Manager 
Steve Dubb 

L • .loll. VIII ••• Squ.re 
Dent •• Group Offers You: 

• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING APPTS. 
• STEREO HEADPHONES 

• VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• INSTANT INSURANCE 

EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24 HOU. aMallGaNCY s •• Vlca 
• OIlAl. S~ItY,.OII WISDOM TOOTH DTWAcnGN 

··,NTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
EXAM & CLEANING 

ONLY SZ9 ~.7' 
'ncIUMs: Cleaning & Polishing. X-R¥. Oral Can<:er Exam and PrIVate Consultation Expire> 11/16/89 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
...... _ ..............•............................. 

DAVID S. ESttOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr" Suite 501 
Ibehrr'd Kinko'l / 455-9151 

I f you've never tried rock c1imbina before. you've never known the Incrcdlble hieh ci overcominc phyaical and mental obamcla, facine deep lean, tam wcrklnc when 
it really ma~n, and the end triumph cibeinc at the ttlp ci 
the rock. 

Out:back Advenrura rock climblna atpl oKer you competent 
proCe.ionaI i",auction In climbina buica, trarIIpOnadon to 
dimbinllita, all eroup and c1imbfna equipment. aU campine 
and entrance fea. three meal, and a 2OCJI. dUoount on 
equipment Ialtala from Outback Advenaua. Wouldn't you 
pay $6S for a leaminc experience you'U neva iqerl Call III 
at - SJ4-0684 for IIICn Information. 

Trips 10 Joshua Trae National MonuIMl1t 
Kfieduled for October 21-22, October 28-29 
and November 4-5. 

The home of th'e 
49¢ halllburger. 

! 1 m UC'lJOlll1ldJm 
..L ~ & !:lOll. 

~Oi"'" . . 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u. ..... ~-----------------------ALL AMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ 
II 
II 

Quorter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
Medium-Size Soft Drink CoIhWllw: 1/20 of 1 cent I 

II limit one coupon per II cus.tomer. per VISit Please Just $1 99 11 
(plus tax) II present coupon when II ordering. Not valid with Only at: 

71«1 Miramar ltd. 
San DIego 

1237Pro1pect 
LaJoiIo ti.:;:30~'" 

.......... iii~~iii~i ...... ~UiUi~ia .. iI~~ 

UCSD Celebrates National ColI~iate 
Alcohol Awareness Week 

October 15-20, 1989 
MONDAY, October 16, Noon 

Wrecked Car at the Hump-Don't Drink and Drive 
What are new state laws that affect you? 8 a.m.-S p.m. 

Sobriety Check by UCSD Police with Deans and Residential Deans and 
You, Gym Steps, Noon 

TUESDAY, Odob.r 17,2 p.m. 
"How to Help a Friend" presented by Peer Counselor, Psychological and 

Counseling Services, Price Center, Gallery B, 2 p .m. 
THURSDAY, October 19th, 4-6 p.m. 

Concert on the Green, Price Center Plaza-Information Tables 
ALL WEEK 

Be a believer in Desjg~ted Driver ... WeIlr II Red Ribbon .. . Fmd your 
ribbon this week at Five Colleges Residential Life and Deans' Offil.:es, 

Student Safety Awareness, Price Center, Student Health Service 

"Cletul and Sober" 2-Hour Video with Micluul Keaton 

Showings: SUNDAY, OCT. 15,8 p.m. WARREN 
Warren Commons 
MONDAY, OCT. 16,9 p.m., MUIR 
Sequoia Room 
TUESDAY, OCT. 17,9 p.m., FIFTH 
Pepper Canyon 
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 18,8 p.m., THIRD 
OCell1lview 
THURSDAY, OCT. 19,9 p.m., REVEW 
Why Not Hm? 

,,.. ••• Open 10 All ••• Iring your friends for fun 

Be on the look out for the "Detul Walk" ~sentillg tIN 27,000 
Californians killed each ~"r ill ,,'cohol-relilted trtI/fic ~. 

Check with your col", for more col.p .... actIvIti ••• 
Week's activities sponsortd by Campus Committee on Alcohol and Substance Al1use, 

Residential Lifr,Psychologiarl and Counseling Smlices, Student HdGth Suvict, 
Student Safrty Aareness 



8 T he UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

8 Lm. ... p.m.-SIGI PLUS. Systems of Interactive Guid-
anoe and Information is a computer-based program of career 
information designed 10 help you clarify your skills. values and 
occupational interests. For more information, come (0 Career 
Service, Center. $10.00. 

B a.m.-4:3O p.m.-Honors workshops and individual as· 
sislaJlCe for freshmen and sophomores. This workshop will 
focus on the shan paper. the e.say exam. and the professor as 
a partner. Siudents will have lhe opportunily 10 leam a word 
proce .. ,ing syslem. SAA studenlS are especially encouraged 10 
apply. Call Farrell Foreman al 534-7344 for funher inforna· 
tion or an appointment. 

8 a.m.-4:30 p.m.-QASIS Writing Cemer offers free 
serv.ces for all UCSD SludenlS who need pre-wriling help. 
conferences on drnfts and edIting adVIce. We engage an) kmd 
of wriling and any kind ofwriling problem. Conference. are by 
appoinlmelll only. Even.ng appoinlmenlS are also av .. lable. 
(For full range of services see the bad. of the current class 
schedule). Call5J4·2284 or come by USB 4010lom.kean ap· 
pointmenl. Thi> servico is available Ihroughoul lhe quaner. 
Sponsored by Ihe OASIS Wrilins Cemer. Studenl Cenler. 
Building A. Free. 

Sa.m.-4:30 p.m (untilB p.m. Tuesdaysand Thursdays)-
-'The language Program pro\lide..~ assislance to slUdenl'ii 
whose nalive language i!. not EnGlish and 10 those doing work 
in Japane:.e. Spanish. French. Gennan. Hebrew and other 
languages. A diallnoslic leS! on wrillen English a. a second 
language is available on request. C.1I534-2284 for more infor· 
maliOil. Located in lhe Studenl Center. Building A. Free. 

9 a.m.-4 p.m.-leI OASIS Reading and Sludy Ski lis help 
you this quaner with lime managemenl. n()(e taking, midlerm 
preparalion. and tcsHaking stralegies. SlOP by USB 4010 or 
call S34-7344 10 sel upa personal appointment. AIS<>-Slayon 
the lookool for Ihose valuable OASIS .. udy 'kills workshops. 

MONDA Y, OCTOBER 16 

1:30-4:00 p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISING IIOURS; For 
help findong dt>ir.ble pan-lime employment, delennin.ng 
carttr soul,. ~archins for job~ or explonng profe,sional or 

grddual~ .!ochool opponullllie~. No appo"llmelll nccessary. JUM 
w.lk·in . Allhe Career Servicos Center Free 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17 

1:30-4:00 p.m.-DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS: For 
help wilh career goal<. Job hunung. re,ume preparalion or 
ex plonllg profe~~ional or !;r.lduate ,chool opponuniric. .. , No 
appoilllment nece."isary. JUM walL: -in. At the Career Servjcc~ 
Cemer. Free. 

2:00 p.m,-INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP. 
Do you need help in p~parin£ for job Inlerview,? Cnrcer Serv· 
ice~ CClllcr will provide lipS on the besl ¥rays to present your 
Quallticalions alld what kllld of interview que~tiOl\S to expect. 
AI The C;ln:cr Scrvlce:r. Center. Free, 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19 

1:00 p.m.-EFFECTIVE lOB SEARCH STRATEGY. 
80'*' of all job vacancies are unadvenised. This workshop will 
leach you !he most effective way 10 find them. Al the Career 
Servic:es Center. Free. 

1:30-4:00 p.m.--VROP-IN ADVISING IIOURS: For 
help finding desirable pan-rime emptoyment. delennining 
CMCer goals.job hunling. resume preparalion, etc. No appoint· 
ment necessary. jusl walk-in. AI the Career Services Cenler. 
Free. 

2:00p.m.-QN CAMERA: PRACTICING INTERVIEW 
SKILLS · Sharpen your interviewing sl.ills by seeing and 
hearing yourself on videolape. Receive feedback from other 
job seekers in Ihis group workshop. Prerequisile: Inlerviewing 
Skills workshop. AI the Career Services Cenler. Free. 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20 

1:30-4:00 p.m.--VROP-IN ADVISING HOURS; For 
help with career goals. job hunling. resume preparalion, elC. No 
appointmem necessary. just walk-In. AI the Career Services 
Center. Free. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

TUES DAY, OCTOB ER 17 

12·1 p.m.-HABITAT FOR HUMANITY will run an in-
formation video on lhe work of building homes for lhe poor. If 
you are inlerested in becoming inyolved. please be 01 the acoan 
View Lounge al Third College promplly al noon. Discussion 
will follow the video. Sponsored by lhe United Campus 
Minislry and me Volunteer Connection, 

12·1 p.m.-BIBLE STUDY· Have a greallime looking at 
the Word of God. We are on the book of John. A IIlnviled. Al 
the Price Cemer. room S. 

5 p.m.-CA THOLIC MASS. Sponsored by lite Calholic 
Communily al UCSD. Allhe UniversilY LUlheran Olureh. on 
lhe comer of N. Torrey Pine. and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18 

5 p.m.-CATHOLIC 
MASS. Sponsored by lhe 
Catholic CommunITY Ilt 
UCSD. AI the UnlVCOtlly 
Lulher..., Church. all Ihe 
comer of N. Tom) Pines 
and La Jolla Shorer, Dnve. 

6-7 p.m.-WEEKLY 
BIBLE RAP Spon.,oredby 
United Campus Ministry. 
Ihe Reformed Christian 
ministry on campus. You 
are invilcd IOMudy Bibl ical 
per>on. of Slren~lh; role 
model. for bllilding spiri-
tual Ch!lraCler. Group meets 
illlheCanlpu!'Io Mlnl~tryOf­
fice .• 502 MAAC. behind 
the Proce Cemer. All are 

9:30 a.m.-THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORK. welcome. 
SHOP. Le~m how 10 conslruci a ,tale-of-Ihe·an resume thai 
w.1I make you standoul from lhecrowd. AllheCareerServices 
Cenler. Fcco. 

11 :30 a.m.-QN·CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIEN-
TATION. If you are inlerested in panicipaling in Ihe Career 
St.:rviccs Cencer's on-campus imervielNing program this quar-
ter. it i~ mandatory that you attend one oft!le.\e onemalions be-
fore you interview. At the Career Services Center. Free. 

1:00 p.m.-QN -CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIEN-
TATION. If you are IOICrtMCd in participomng IIIlhe Career 
Service, Cemer"s on-campus Imervlewing progr.am this quar-
ler. II I~ mandalorylhaf you allend one OfThe~ orienlalion:r. be-
fore you interview. At the Career Services Center. Pree. 

1:30-4:00 p.m.-DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS: For 
help wllh career go~I,. Job hunlons. resume preparal.on or 
explonng professional or gr.duale ,chool opponunilies. No 
:tppointment necessary. jusl walk-in. Al the Career Services 
Celller. Free. 

3:00 p.m.-LAW SCHOOL: HOW TO PREPARE AND 
APPLY - Adm".ions preparalion. procedures. oIJlplicalion 
"raltg.e" and se lecuon of .chool w.1I be dbcus>cd. AI Ihe 
Career Servicc.!l Center. Free. 

7:30 p.m.-WEDNESDA Y NIGHT DISCUSSIONS. Our 
Ihird and 1 .. 1 Wednesday Nighl Discussion. The lopic for Ihis 
week's di>cussion: "lesus in Conlroversy: Good God. Why Do 
We SutTer"" Join us fora fresh look 10 Jesus ' approach to£ood 
and eVIl. Ar the Price Center. Free, 

9:30 p,m.-CANDLELIGHT MASS. A quiel. medita-
live lime for .haring with Olhen<. Sponsored by Ihe Calholic 
Siudem CommunilY al UCSD. Al Ihe Unoversily Lulheran 
Church. on lhe comer of N. Torrey P.nes and La JolI~ Shores 
Drive 

T HURSDA Y, OCTOBER 19 

5 p.m.-CATHOLIC M ASS. Sponsored by Ihe Calholic 
CommunllY al UCSD. Allhe Umven<ily LUlherall Chureh, on 
Ihe canter of N. Torrey P.ne; and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

5:45 p.m.-THE THURSDAY DINNER. Homemade 
food and greal company. Spon.orcd by Ihe Calholic Sludent 
COntmUOlly al UCSD. Localed III Ihe CathOliC Lounge of lhe 
Unove",.IY LUlher~n Chureh, allhe comer of N. Torrey Pines 
and La Jolla Shore. Drive 

7:30 p.m.-BIBLE STUDY; lam wllh 
member. of U,e Calhohc COlllmu(jjly for renec-
lion and sharing aboul lhe upcoming Sunday 
SeriPlurcS. Localed in lhe Calhol ic Lounge oflhe 
UmveJ1llly Luther.m Church. on Ihe comerofN. 
Torrey Pine. and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

7:30 p.m.-BIBLE STUDY: Weekly B.ble 
Sludy and monlhly evenlS. Episcopal college 
slUdenL\. AI SI. Eliubeth's Church. 2825 Menon 
Avenue, Sun Diego. 

FRIDA Y, OCTOBE R 20 

5 p.m.-CATHOLIC MASS Spon>ored by 
lhe C.lholoc CommunilY al UCSD. Allhe Uni · 
.. ",.Iy Lulheran OlU",h, on lhe cOmer of N. 
Torrey l)mc~ Jnd L.I Jolla Shore'i Drive, 

SAT RDAY,O TOBER21 

Rimas Uzgir is/Cllordioll 

5 p.nI.-CATIfOLI MASS Spon'-Orcd by 
Ihe CalhollC ContntunllY al UCSD Al Ihe Un. -
versilY LUlheran Chureh , on lhe comer of N. 
Torrey P.nes and La Jolla Shore, Drove. 

5:30 p.m.-Episcopal Church Worship Service; Eucha-
ristand Parish fellowsh ip. Localed al the Good Samaritan Epis-
copal Chureh, 4321 Eostgate Mall- across the interseclion on 
the easl end of campus. 

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22 

8 a.m.-Episcopal Church Worship Service: Sunday Eu-
charist and Parish fe llowship. Located at the Good Samarilan 
Episcopal Chureh. 4321 Easlg_le Mall- acroSS lhe inlersec-
(ion on the easl end of campus. 

8:30a,m,-CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by the Calha· 
lic Community at UCSD. Allhe UniversilY LUlheran Church, 
on the corner of N. Torrey Pilles and La lolla Shores Drive. 

10 a.m.-Episcopal Church Worship Service: Sunday Eu-
charist ond Parish fellowship. Localed at the Good Samaritan 
Eptscopal Chureh, 4321 Easlga.e Mall- across Ihe inlen<<c-
lion on the casl end of campus, 

5 p.m.-CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by the Calholic 
Community at UCSD. AI The Umvcn.ity LUlheran Church. on 
the comer of N. Torrey Pilles and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

9 p.m.-CATHOLIC MASS. Spon..ared by Ihe Calholic 
Community at UCSD. AI ;he. University Lutheran Church. Oil 
lhe comer of N. Torrey Pines and La lolla Shore. Drive. 

MEETINGS AND LECTURES 

T UESDAY, OCTOBER 17 

5 p.m.-Come 10 the fin<tmeeting of the Cultural Fe liyal 
Conlmiltee! Take pan in planning a campus-wide celebralion 
of cui lures! Located in lhe Irvine Room of the Price Cenler. 
Free. 

5:30 p.m.-Oo you wanllO improve your public speaking 
skills and gain valuable leadership experience? Come 10 Ihe 
University Toastmasters C lub meeting. Located in MAAC 
Conference Room 111 A (oeross from the Price Cenler). Free. 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18 

5:30 p.m.-The Democratic Club is htlvins a meeting. If 
you 're inlerested, SlOp by. Localed onlhe Rive",ide Room of 
lhe Price Center. 

7 p.m.-Scol1i..h Country DWlce cia .. ,. No experience or 
panner necessary. Wear flexible shoes. Como and leam lhe 
ballroom dancing of Seal land. For more info, call lohnorTina 
al 452·273S. On the Wesl Balcony of Ihe Main Gym. Free. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19 

3:30-4:30 p.rn-Student Colloquium: The Legacy of 
Munin lind Malcom. An infomlal discussion with the Rev. Dr. 
James Cone. Briggs Dislinguished Professor of Syslematic 
Theology al Union Theological Seminary in New York. Gal-
lery A. Price Ccnler. Fcco. 

5 p.m.-Dr. Sanford Lakoff "ill speal. on China- ·· De· 
mocracy and it.'\ Prospects." This lecture is the first in a ~ries 
given by the International Politics and Economics Forum. l1lC 
firsl meellng oflhe IPEFwili be aflerlhe leclure. MAAC 413· 
2. Free. 

7 p.m.-SurfTeam mceling in HSS 2321 . 

8 p.m.-Leclure: " Manin und Malcom on America: A 
Dream or 3 Nlghlmare?" by Rev. Dr. James Cone, Briggs 
Distinguished Profe .. or of Sy.temal.c Theology al Union 
Theological Seminary in New York. Pelerson Hall, room 108. 
Free. 

OTHER SERVICES 
AND INFORMATION 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16 

I :30-3 p.m.-MAKING LIFE AND CAREER CliOICES. 
A self-discovery workshop de.\igned 10 asS!>1 'Iudents in 
making imponalU life/career choices. The four bC~sion work· 
!<ohop includes mdlvidudliud a.'scssment of pcrson;dITY. inter-
e:r.l~ and v.duc!.. an examination of decisioll paths tUld the iden-
Iilicmion of barrie" 10 freecho.ce. Led byCaml leBoeuf. Call 
Carol al 534 ':\755 for Inl onn~1I0n and Mgn-up. 

3·5 p.m.-RED II (RECOVER ING FROM EATING 
DISORDERS) GROUP Tl", group 1\ (Ic,,£"ed for MudelllS 
who rc~ulJrly en.go.l~e III blllt;e pur1;c IlJIIC",\ but wallllO !<olOp 
Ihe c,tcle. Wllh lOb of ~ upport. ~Iudent!\ Will worl.. both III .111<.1 
oul 01 &troup w unde~l .. ncJ IhCllhelvc, Jnu 10 chJn~ .... their 
behaVior. It I , fC:(;onuncnded Ih;u ~lUdel1l~ ~gin Wllh a RFD I 
l;ruup bclore cOnllng 10 1111' one. Led by KJthy Ka,hIlIlJ. 534-
35K5. Call KaUlY for infornlaliun and "sn·up. 

Monday, O ctober 16 , 19 89 

5·6:30 p.m.-ADVANCED ADULT CHILDREN OF 
ALCOliOLICS THERAPY G ROUP. Restricled 10 sludenls 
who have previously been in individual and/or group Iher.py. 
Weekly anendance is required. Led by Jeanne Mane .. , 534-
3035. Call Jeanne for a preliminary screening appoinlment 
before coming to Ihe group. 

T UESDAY, OCTOBER 17 

12- 1:30 p.m.-COPING WITH CHRON IC ILLNESS 
AND PAIN. This group is for student, dealing wilh chronic 
illJless or pain in their own lives or in the lives of significam 
olhers. Topics to be addressed include pain/sness management 
techniques, handling depression and loss. dealing with medi-
callreatment and developing suppon sySlem,. Coping 'kill de-
velopment ilnd a supponive environment will be emphusized. 
Led by Jeanne Manese and Carol leBoeuf. For a preliminary 
uppollltmcnt before coming to Ihe group please call C:lrol at 
534·0256. 

2·3:30 p.m.-UNDERGRADUATE WOMEN 'S 
GROUP. This ~roup will focus on coneems com01OI1 among 
undergraduate women. including rclatiomhip is!>.lIcs. family 
of origin, work and self-esteem. Mres, .... ;llld developing. family 
Identity, Led by Miriam lo~upovici and Yvette Milrdni. Call 
Miri am al534-0255 or Yvelle al 5J4·I72S for a preliminary 
appointment before coming 10 the group. 

2-4 p. m,-STRESS MANAGEMENT WORKSIIOP. 
This is a workshop which will ",,,ch , I.ill, 10 manage Siress. 
Led by Kathy K.,hima. Call Kathy at 534·3585 for infonna-
lion ttnd sign-up. 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18 

3-4:341 p.m.-ASIAN STUDENTS SUPPORT GROUP. 
This group is designed 10 address Ihe concems of Asian 
students at UCSD in a problem solving olld supportive atmos-
phere. Issues such as family systems ill culluml lmnsition, 
ethnic idenlily. living in two cu ltures as I'Iludenls. communicat-
ing wilh OIhers. and vocalional and academic .tress are pos-
sible discussion lopics. Led by Jeanne Mallese, 5~4-3035. Call 
Jeanne for infomlalion and sign-up. 

3-S p.m,-ASSERTIVENESSTRAININGWORKSHOP. 
This workshop is geared 10 improve olle's effecliveness in lhe 
expression and communication of feelings , wants. needs, and 
issues of imponance (0 the individual. TIlis will include the 
ability to ~ay no. place requeSTS. and stand up for one's ri£hts 
tcgard less of whether lhe perM>ll'!'t naturdllclldencics ;Ire to be 
overly lihy. aggrc~:..iveorptls,ive in Ihe mal1l1crofcommunicat-
ing wllh olhers . Led by Yvelle MiTran i. 534- 1725. Call YveHe 
for infomlullon or to :r.i~n up , 

T HURSDAY, OCTOBER 19 

5-8 p.m.-STAYING IIEALTI IY; STRATEGIES FOR 
BUSY PEOPLE. Could you use a lillie guidance and ,uppon 
in reaching ),our body goals? Learn pmcllcal lind enjoyable 
ways to manage .slres"i. comrol wciJ;ht .• tlld increu!'tc lil11e:..~ Ih.tt 
can nlakead.fference ill yourlife . USB 40500 . $20 fonludems 
and Rec Card holders. $30 for olhe". 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20 

2-3:311 p.m.-ALCOIIOL AND SUflSTANCE AOUSE 
GROUP. If you have ever "ked. "00 I have a problem?" 
chances are YOIl do htlve a few Ihlllg> 10lalk aboul. Led by Dan 
Munoz and Cry\lal Shannon. Call Dan 01534-1579 for infor· 
illation. 

3 p.m.-Deadline 10 apply for inlemships forn .. 1 quaner. 
SlOP by the A.S. I,"cmshipOffice. 3rd nooroflhe Price Cellier. 
#343 , or call 53-1-4689. Don'l miss Ihis opporoullily! 

4-6 p.m.-CAMPUS BLA K FORUM. A weel.ly i"for· 
m~lIion group on the iMiUCh, concern~ find quality of li fe of1he 
Black community", UCSD. Led by I'lul Raphilcl. 534·0252. 
and Cry~Tal.shmll1on . 

SAT RDA Y, OCTOBER2 L 

9 a.m.- 121>.m-STAYING IIEAL'IIIY : STRATEGIFS 
FOR BUSY l'EOI'LE. Could you 1I\C a loUie ~lIid:lIlce and 
~uppon III l'CilChlllg )our body go. II",! Le"m protelll:al ,md en-
Joyuble w.,y' to lHdll.I£.C ,Ircl'l.!o . ,-,.1I1Trol \\,t:lght •• md IIlcreallC: 
I1Ute»lh.1 can mal.c a dilferen c in your Iole. USB 40500. $20 
for Mudent' lind R~c Card holdcr.. S30 for olhe",. 

Monday, Octo ber 16, 1989 T he UCSD Guardian 

Poll Shows College Seniors' Humanities Knowledge 
The resu lts of a survey re-

cently re leased by the Gallop 
Organization 'show that 75% of 
the nation's college seniors have 

insufficient knowledge of world 
history and literatu re. 

The Gall up survey was con-
ducted th is past spring as part of a 

Lights & Sirens 
The followi ng are selected ent ries from the UCSD police activ ity 
log book for Ihe period Oct. 6 through Oct. 12. 

Friday, bet. 6 
I :20 a.m.: A sludent reported an unk.nown suspect throwing a 
barricade at his car. Damage: $200. 
5:44 p.m.: An unknown suspecI tossed burn ing male rial into a 
dumpster al Third Apartments The fire was extinguished by the 
San Diego Fire Department. 

Monday, Oct. 9 
8:50 a.m.: An employee fell through a trapdoor at La Jolla 
Playhouse, injuring his legs and rib cage. He was transported to 
Scripps Hospital. 
9:41 a.m.: A calculator, computer, portable stereo and trash can 
valued at $ 1,668 were stolen from Chemistry Research Building. 
5:30 p.m.: A 43-year-old male attempted suicide at the entrance to 
Blacks Beach. He was taken to Scripps Hospital. 

Tuesday, Oct. 10 
6:25 a.m.: The seventh floor of AP&M sustained an unknown 
amount of damage when it was flooded by a hose left running 
overnight. 
8:00 p.m.: A student reported the loss of his $1,200 mountain bike 
from outside of Bonner Hall. 

-- Compiled by Scott Lantennan 

study conducted by the National 
Endowment for Ihe Humanities 
(NEH), culminating in the recent 
release of the book 50 Hours. au-
thored by chairperson Lynne V. 
Cheney. In the book, Cheney calls 
upon colleges and universities to 
increase general education require-
ments in the humanities. 

The survey, which tested 691 
seniors from various areas around 
the nalion, showed if grades had 
been assigned to tho e who had 
taken Ihe lest Ihal 55% would re-
ceive an "F," while another 20% 
would receive a "D." Two percent 
received an "A." 

Another section of the tes t 
given in the survey consisled of 
questions which were designed for 
17-year-old high school students, 
Of the college seniors taking the 
test, 67% received a faili ng grade 
in this section. 

The test, consis ting of 187 
multiple choice questions, pro-
duced results which the NEH 
highlighted when it made its re-
port. Twenty-four percent of those 
tested said that Columbus had 

landed in the Western Hemisphere 
after the year 1500,42% could not 
place the Civil War in the correct 
half-century, 58% did not know 
that Shakespeare was the author of 
The Tempest and 58% did not know 
that Harry Truman was president 
when the Korean War began. Fifty-
five percenl could nOI identify the 
Magna Carta, and 23% said that 
Karl Marx's phrase "From each 
according to his ability , to each 
according to his need," was in Ihe 
U.S. Constitution 

The Gallup Organization 
pointed out that there were differ-
ences in overall perfonnance based 
on gender, type of school attended 
and field of study. 

On average men scored higher 
than women on the 87 questions 
a ked (60% vs. 56%), as did sen-
iors attending private insti lulions 
over those attending public uni-
versities (62% VS. 56%). 

Seniors who have concen· 
trated their studies in the humani-
ties had higher average scores than 
those majoring in other areas (73% 
vs.57%). 

How're you going to do it? 

Those are I1i.s. notebook~ he's carrying. 
She's got an IBM PS/2. " 

PS/2 it! 
Lighten your load with an IBM Personal System/2.® It's a big time-saver. It helps you 

organize your notes, write and revise your papers, and create smart-looking graphics. 
And because the PS/2® helps you get more done, you have more time for fun. 

Now you can get special student prices on select models of PS/2's already loaded 
with easy-to-use software. When you buy a PS/2, you can also get PRODlGY,® the 
exciting new shopping. information and entertainment computer service, at less than 
half the retail price. Check. it out before time runs out~ 

Now, 
special 

PS/2 MocIeI25-64OKb memory, 8086 (8 MHz) 
procesaor. one 3.5. diskette driloe (720Kb), 20Mb 
fixed disk driw, IBM Mouse. monochrome display, 

low prices on 
three models of 

IBM 
Proprinten;" 

too. 

PS/2 Model 30 286-1 Mil memory. 8O'.l86 
(10 MHz) promiIKlI', one 3.5· dilikrue dri~ 
(1 .44Mb). 20Mb liu'Ci disk drNc, IBM Mouse, 8513 
f.olor Display, OOS 4.0, Mic'rollOfl Windnws!.l86, 
Word 5.0· lind hOC WindfJWII Exprc8ll, hOC 
Windows Manar '· and hl>f. Windows f.olor. ,-

·· DOS 4.0, Mic:roeoft® Windowsf.Z86 and hOC 
Windows Express:-

$1,499 

Computer Center 
534-4291 

$2,299 

IBKHodine 
587·5009 

• Microsoft Wool is the Academlc Edition. This oller illimled to QUIIified studenls. t.cuHy and stlfl who order an ~ PS/2 Model 852S·001 Of 
8530-E21 on 01 befOIII 0cI0beI31. 1989. Pnees quoted do not ioctude Sllln iax. handIon!I and/OI pIOC8SSIIlQ charges. Check WIth yt>I.f InStllutlOn 
18g8t<Ing _ chargeS. O!dIIs I18I1ubteCt to ........... ty IBM m.y w.lhdraw !he promoIion III any lme wolhoul wntllln notICe 
111M. ""..,.,.. 5;-...... /2 ond PS/2'" oegotlMKl 1_" ond PtopmW,. 'I~ 0I_1O!lII-' ~'tchonH COll>Oflloon PRODIGY IS' NgIMIed 
1_ 01 P!odogv 5eMceo~ . • portnor&ltop 01 111M ond Sear. MIcIOOoI1,. a ~ ~_ 01 MocrotoI! Corpo<aIoon I()C W_ E>",",- hOC wnoows 
ManagIf ond I()C W __ • Colo< ... 1,_. 0I1()C ComputOI C,"j)OI1Ioon ClIIIM Ccltp !9119 

NEWS 9 

ERRATUM 
The Guardian regrets the 

following errors made in the 
article titled " A.S. Votes to 
Increase Funding for 'Sexual 
Awareness Week'" in the is-
sue ofThur day Oct. 12: 

The organizers of the Sex-
ual Awareness Week project, 
now officially titled " Hot, 
Sexy, and Safer . .. A week of 
slimuiation," have PUI IWO 
months into the project, not 
two weeks as was previously 
reported. 

The office of A.S. Public 
Relations decided to help fund 
the additional advertising by 
giving $285, nOI the reported 
$300. 

The request for funding of 
the Sexual Awareness Week 
project was reduced from 
$ 1,250 to $915, not $1,215 as 
was reported. 

kinko~' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8155 VIlle L.8 ~ Dr. 

-

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLB 
SpdIlCo&,e 

Stwkftt Pro"... 
CALL US FIRST 

584-8400 
WESTLAND 

• 
UAllNTOFLY 
FliGHT TRAINING AND 

GROUND SCHOOL 
CLASSES FOR PRIVATE 
PILOTS UCENSE NOW 

BEGINNING. 

CALL FOR DETAILS 
454-3125 
Robert J. Golo 

FAA CERTIAED 
fliGHT INSTRUCTOR 

MONTGOMERY AELD, S.D. 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 16, 1989 

Features 
College Life from Nuevo Leon to New HalDpshire 
Monterrey Meets San Diego: 
A Cultural Exchange 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Features Editor 

The arrival of the Mexican food 
from Robeno' s made the recep-
tion in the ocean-view Mandeville 
suite atop Tioga Hall even more 
lively. 

"00 you like tacos?" Alexis 
Lombardo, a Panamanian, asked 
Jill Leyte-Vidal , an anglo Califor-
nian. 

" Yes , gracias ," an swered 
Leyte-Vidal with a gringa accent. 

But, it didn ' t matter. Laughter, 
friendship, and a commitment to 
learning characterized the week-
long exchange between the Muir 
College house advisors (HAs) and 
the resident advisors (perfectos) 
of the Instituto Tecnol6gico y de 
Estudios Superioresde Monterrey. 
located in Monterrey, Mexico. 

Translated, the university is the 
Monterrey Institute of Technol-
ogy and Advanced Studies, 
founded in 1943. In its official 
publications, it is referred to as 
TecnolOgico de Monterrey , 
Tecnol6gico, or simply Tee. 

The city of Monterrey is lo-
cated in northeastern Mexico, di-
rectly south of Loredo, Tx. The 
capital ofthe state of Nuevo Le6n, 
Monterrey is a three-hour drive 
from the border. 

Dating back to 1581 , the city is 
known for its production of iron, 
steel, glass, and beer. Its popula-
tion is roughly three million. 

Over the course of the week, the 

Monterrey resident advisors at-
tended meetings and receptions 
with UCSD student leaders and 
administrators as well as informal 
"rap sessions" with their host HAs 
in order to exchange information 
about their university and culture. 

The exchange was organized 
by Blue Robbins, an assistant resi-

{You definitely form 
a lot of pOlicies, pro-
grams and projects 
as a result of your 
cultural attitudes. It 
was an important 
exchange • .. in that 
the Muirstaff is a little 
more open-minded. ' 

Blue Robbins 

dent dean of Muir College. It arose 
out of the desire "to select one 
university for the year and have a 
quality exchange program." 

His intention was to "have a 
week-long program where you 
really share an exchange with one 
other uni versity, panicularly if you 
can make it special, like this year 
we pulled off another country." 
The exchange provides a context 
in which "you get ideas for proj-
ects, programs, and [ways of] 
meeting student needs that may 

not be met already at your univer-
sity. 

"Both staffs have really bene-
fitted from it in different ways," 
Robbins said. "It's the typeofthing 
where even JUSt the housing pan of 
it [is significant, such as the situ-
ation in which] one woman per-
f ecta stays with one of our women 
HAs. Their one-on-one conversa-
tion late at night having a pizza, 
that is a real valuable experience." 

Robbins feels that the exchange 
has had an effect on each 
university's policies and policy-
makers. 

"You definitely form a lot of 
policies, programs and projects as 
a result of your cultural attitudes. It 
was an imponant exchange ... in 
that the Muir staff is a little more 
open-minded. The Muir staff has a 
new perspective. 

"Mexico is going back with a 
lot of information. They ' re going 
to make some changes. Nothing's 
going to happen overnight." 

The exchange had a powerful 
effect on the participants: "It was 
almost like time stopped for a 
week," said Robbins. "Our HAs 
really jumped into it. They found 
themselves immersed with the 
program, a linle more each day. 
They got more and more involved 
because then it wasn't just a school 
coming; after a day or two, it was 
people and that was the difference. 

"The Mexican perfectos were 
very warm, passionate people, so 
it ' s very, very hard not to get in-
volved with the program when 

San Diego Meets Dartmouth: 
Regional Differences 
By JULIE HElMLER 
Staff Writer 

Imagine waking up one morn-
ing and finding yourself at a school 
that is over 200 years old, has ivy 
growing on the walls of its build; 
ings, and has snow on the ground 
during the winter. 

This scenario became a reality 
for me last spring when [ spent the 
quaner as an eXChange student at 
Dartmouth College. 

The 10-week long Danmouth-
UCSD exchange program was 
begun in 1970 by Dr. John Ste-
wan, then the provost of Muir 
College, and Danmouth Provost 
Leonard Rieser. 

A brochure about the program 
explains the exchange as "a way to 
enrich the education of students 
from both colleges and to provide 
a critical scrutiny of the college by 
outsiders: in tum, students return-
ing back to their own campus 
should be aware of their college's 

strong points and shortcomings." 
After spending a quarter at 

Danmouth, I did become aware of 
the differences between the 
schools. For instance, the physical 
appearance of the two schools is 
completely different. While 
UCSD's buildings are relatively 
new and modern looking, many of 
the buildings at Danmouth date 
back to the founding of the college 
in 1769. 

Because Danmouth is a private 
college, classes usually are com-
prised of fewer students who are 
from aliSO states as well as over 40 
foreign countries. Although Dart-
mouth is situated on 265 acres, 
there is an undergraduate popula-
tion of merely 4000 students com-
pared to the over 15,000 students 
atUCSD. 

Danmouth 's campus is located 
in Hanover, New Hampshire. The 
majority of the students live in one 
of the 36 on-campus dormitories 
which house students from all class 
levels together. 

The cost of the program for 
UCSD students is the regular 
UCSD fees plus a ponion of the 
tuition of a regular term at Dan-
mouth. As at UCSD, factors such 
as room and board, tra vel and other 
incidental expenses also make up 
the cost of the Dartmouth exchange. 

According to exchange coordi-
nator Maxine Walker, the qualifi-
'~ations needed to attend include 
60 completed units by the time the 
student enrolls at Dartmouth, a UC 
grade pointaverageof2.5 orhigh:!r, 
and an interview by a reviewing 
committee during the third week 
of the quaner. 

Although Muir students have 
priority, the program encourages 
all UCSD students to apply. Ac-
cording to Walker, the most com-
petitive time for UCSD students to 
apply is the fall term because they 
are able to attend Dartmouth 's 
football games as well as partici-
pate in their annual homecoming 
rally and parade. 

See DARTMOUTH, page 11 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

Tacos and talk - Muir HA Jill Leyte-Vidal and Monterrey 
perfecto Ali Eduardo Baf'luelos Santana compare lifestyles over 
Mexican food during a reception last Thursday. 

you're dealing with individuals like 
that. " 

The students agree that one of 
the the most enjoyable aspects of 
the exchange was the time spent 
simply learning about each other's 
university and the cultural values 
that form the schools' policies. 

Tecnol6gico is a university of 
11,000 students from all of Mex-
ico and Latin America. Twenty six 
undergraduate majors are offered 
in the following divisions: admini-
stration and social sciences, agri-
cultural and marine sciences, sci-
ences and humanities, health sci-
ences, and engineering and archi-
tecture. 

It takes four 
and one half 
years or nine se-
mesters to re-
ceive a lice,,-
ciado, the 
equivalent of a 
bachelor' s de-
gree. 

The 30 
graduate 
courses of study 
are in the fields 
of chemistry, 
business, agri-
culture, engi-
neering, infor-
matics and health sciences/medi-
cine. As in the U.S., the time it 
takes to earn a maeSlro, or master's 
degree, varies by program. 

According to perfecto Alberto 
Roche, the most popular under-
graduate majors are industrial 
engineering, accounting and busi-
ness administration. 

Monterrey is one of 26 cam-
puses in the university system. With 
a total enrollme'ntof 40,000. All of 
the campuses comprise the Insti-
tulO TecnolOgico y de Estudios 
Superiores de Monterrey system. 

An unattributed quote in a 
brochure profiling the university 
states that "the responsibility of 
Tecno/6gico de MOllterrey is to 
provide our community with tech-
nologically advanced, innovative, 
entrepreneurial busine sand pro-

fessionalleaders; and to enlighten 
the hands that will forge the 21 st 
century with integrity, ethics, and 
a strong social consciousness." 

The brochure also notes that 
Tecnol6gico "was the first Latin 
American university to develop a 
full-time faculty, the first one to 
provide on-campus student hous-
ing and the first one to offer under-
graduate studies in computer sci-
ence and graduate level business 
programs, among other innova-
tions. " 

On-campus student housing 
represents a main difference be-
tween UCSD and TecnolOgico in 
several ways. 

The resi-
dence halls are 
occupied not 
only by uni-
versity st u-
dents, but also 
by a small 
percentage of 
students who 
attend the 
university'S 
high school in 
Monterrey. 
Alexis Lom-
bardo, who is 
in her last 
semes ter of 

high school, is one such student. 
At 18, she is also a perfecta, an 
unusual situation for a high school 
student. 

A far more profound di fference 
lies in the fact that, al TecnolOgico, 
there are separate residence halls 
for male and female students. Men 
and women cannot get anywhere 
near the residence hall of the op-
positte sex, a policy which is strictly 
enforced by the presence of a 
barbed wire fence and a securi ty 
guard. 

" It 's so amazing to see what a 
totally different country [Mexico 
is in terms of the people's] cus-
toms and habits." said Jill Leyte-
Vidal, a Muir HA. "Here, one of 
the girls was staying in a cooed 
apanment and over there that i 

See MONTERREY, page II 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Monterrey 
Continued from page 10 
totally out of the question. That 
is just incredible compared to 
here where you can just walk 
down the hall and have that inter-
action." 

Leyte-Vidal explai ned that"a 
lot of us at the beginning were 
really shocked. As we talked to 
them more and more, we just 
learned that it is pan of the cul-
t u re and that's accepted and that's 
the way it is. It' interesting to 
see how different countries 
work." 

In light of the clear difference 
In housing arrangements, the~ 
are many similarities among the 
duties of the HAs and perfectos. 

Dartmouth 
Continued from page to 

Conversely, the winter is the 
most popular time for Dartmouth 
students to come here because they 
are able to e cape the cold and 
snow of a New England winter. 

Undoubtedly, the motto " study 
hard , party hard" must have been 
coined at Dartmouth. 

The regular course load at Dan-
mouth is usually three five-unit 
courses. Weekdays saw students 
studying in the plush, leather chairs 
of Baker Library. 

But, once the weekend began, 
the norm switched to panying and 
dancing in the basements of houses 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Alexis Lombardo tells about college life in Monterrey. 

Both help to ease the transition for 
incoming students as well as assist 
residents with personal and aca-

on Danmouth's Greek Row. Ap-
proximately 70 percent of the stu-
dents belong to a fraternity or 
sorority. 

Wednesday nights after 
Greeks'meetingsareover(around 
12 a.m.), a fraternity house will 
usually throw a party open to all 
Dartmouth students, including 
members of another f raterni ty. On 
Thursday, Friday and Saturday 
nights, the Greek parties continue 
to dominate. 

In addition to the panies, cul-
tural activities such as theater, 
dance or art exhibitions were pre-
sented at the Hopkins Center. 

Jeff Rosenfield, a Muir student 
who participated in the exchange 
program last fall, decided to go to 
Dartmouth because he wanted to 

demic problems. 
"I like the part that you get 
See MONTERREY, page 13 

experience things that a UCSD 
student does not have the OPPOrtU-
nityto witness, such as " the change 
in colors of the foliage, a football 
team, and an overall more person-
able schoo!." 

Unlike the common situation at 
UCSD in which T As grade student 
papers in a large class, in one of 
Rosenfield 's classes of approxi-
mately 200 students, his professor 
read all papers and held individual 
conferences with each student .. 

To sum up, Rosenfiled said that, 
"Unfortunately, it ' s very easy at 
UCSD to burn out during your 
sophomore-junior years." 

"Being away forthequaner not 
only helped to break the monotony 
but also gave me a glimpse of life 
at an Ivy League schoo!." 

I 

FEATURES 11 

10% UCSD STUDENT DISCOUNT 
wltll " __ I.D . 

PRO~TECH W ALL AUTO REPAIRS 
INCLUDING: lllAlAII UlOCAl71 1£.V1C£ CEIITE. 5728 IIlMIUII RD. 

SAIIIJKO. CA fl12t • TUNE-UP • BRAKES 
• SMOG 16191 ~J.5116 

... ; IAT ..... • AliGNMENT 
-------------------------

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa InsuTance Agency 

784 I Balboa Ave. Ste. 2 I5 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME/CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

rJil!lWW PortIer 
GMgAosen 
Todd Russell 
___ Rushdy 

Scott Harris 
Dennis Koong 

Steve Liu 

Brant Wiltshire 
Brian Wise 
John Wright 

OFF 
any purchase over $8.00, all 
year round, all times except Sundays 
9am-2pm. Please show student lD. 
No coupon required. 

"When starving tutists meet stllTVing students" 
LIVE MUSIC ON THE PATIO EVERY WED.-SAT. EVENING 

KIlBY'S CAFE 
BREAKFAST. LUNCH • DINNER 

215 AFTEENTH ST .. DEL MAR 
OPEN 7:30 am-10 pm 
619/ .. 1-1001 

II 
~ 

J':: i¥" 
. '-1'" , ... 
• 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocol4te1 
..,.. 11-10:~ Mon.-Thus.; 
11-11 Sot.; 12-10:30 Sun. 
IAJOUA COLONJ 
7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(In Von's ShoppIng Center) 

---------.. ---------------

: 25OL OFF ~=IOr • I -Ie large frozen ~ • 
I Void wtIt1 orr( other oner. T opptngs not Included. • 
I One ooupon per customer. Expires 10/22/89. I 

~--------------------------. 



12 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 16, 1989 

NIGHTTIME AND wEEKEND PARKING 
This past summer, UCSD implemented a new parking policy for nighttime 
and weekends. In a continuing effort to meet student's needs, ASUCSD 
would like to answer some frequentley asked parking questions: 

"S" (YELLOW SPACES) PERMITS 
·"S" permits valid on campus day and night. 
• From 7:00 am to 5:00 pm, Monday through Friday "S" penn its are 
only allowed in yellow student parking spaces. 

• During nights and weekends student penn it valid in all A,B, or S 
parking spaces excluding parking meters and reserved parking 
spaces. 

YES, YOUR" Sft PERMIT IS VALID ON 
WEEKENDS AND NIGHTS! 

NIGHTTIME/WEEKEND/QUARTERL Y PERMIT 
• To park on campus after 5:00 pm and on weekends, a nighttime/. 

weekend pennit is necessary if you do not have an "S", "A", "B" 
pennit. 

• The administration has agreed with John Ramirez (A.S. President) and 
Alex Wong (V.P. Administrative) to make available a $4.00 quarterly student 
nighttime/weekend parking pennit. With this permit you can park in all A,B, 
or S parking spaces from 5 :00 pm to 7:00 am weekdays and on weekendsw The 
student nighttime/weekend quarterly pennit is the result of negotiations by 
the two students leaders and the administration. 

.Nighttime pennits are not valid in handicapped, metered, or reserved 
parking spaces. 

You do not need a ni2httime parkin2 permit if you: 
• Already have a "s" student parking permit. 
• Are just driving through and not parking. 
• Park in a metered space. 
• Pay the $1.00 nighttime or $2.00 weekend parking rate. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION: Call the par~ing Office at 534-~223. 
or the ASUCSD Office at 534-4450 and ask for James Reiner 

THA~~~~ ~eSReiner 
Revelle Junior Senator 

(PAID FOR BY ASUCSD, UNDERGRADUATE AFFAIRS,BUSINESS AFFAIRS & PARKING OFFICE) 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Brian MorrtsIGuardian 
From atop Tioga Hall, Muir Assistant Resident Dean Blue Robbins points out features of La Jolla. 

Monterrey 
Continued from page 11 
residents with personal and aca-
demic problems. 

"I like the part that you get close 
to people. Sometimes they feel 
more comfortable with you than 
with their roommate," said 
Monterrey perfecto Jorge Urrutia. 

"Sometimes residents see us as 
the one who is going to talk for 
them to the principal," he added. 
Urrutia spoke of the related di-
lemma that arises out of being both 
a student and a leader. The perfec-
tos and the HAs find that in disci-
plinary situations, it is often diffi-
cult to decide whether their true 
loyalites lie with the students or 
the administrators. 

Urrutia explained that being a 
perfecto contextualizes the ' fact 
that "inside, you're a person, you ' re 
developing." He feels that the job 
has given him self-confidence in 
decision-making, leadership abil-
ity, and an appreciation of respon-
sibility and working under pres-
sure. Balancing schoolwork and 
resident advisor duties surfaced as 
a problem both the perfectos and 
the HAs share to some extent. 

One difference in the duties of 
the two groups is that the women 
advisors from Monterrey, the per-
fectas, must do room checks at 10 
p.m. nightly, as that is the female 
students' curfew. Women may 
obtain special permits to stay out 
later, however. 

It is the job of the perfecta to 

send a copy of each permit to the 
resident's parent. As perfecta Edith 
Ocana Ramirez said, this is "a way 
of control" over the female stu-
dents. Male students do not have 
curfews. 

Doing room checks makes for a 
great deal of walking, as does de-
li vering mail daily to each 
resident's room, another duty of 
the perfeclOs. 

Roche, who studied in a New 
Hampshire high school during his 
junior and senior years, feels that 
there are certain common charac-
teristics of the experience of being 
a student that operate independ-
ently of culture. 

"As for the students, they're 
concerned about the same prob-
lems, such as gelling their work 
done," said the fluent English-
speaker. "They party probably as 
much [in Monterrey) as they do 
here. They're very conscientious 
about their studies," he added, 
referrring to the Monterrey stu-
dents. 

As another universal aspect of 
student life, Roche cited the deci-
sion of whether to participate in 
extra-curricular activities orto fully 
concentrate on schoolwork. 

The Muir HAs believe that 
certain aspects of the exchange will 
help them as student advisors. 
Leyte-Vidal feels that she has 
gained an increased appreciation 
of "new things, whether it be a 
different culture or anything." She 
added that it is important to be 
tolerant of differences and willing 
"to find out more about [others) in-

Q;r;t 
taiJI.jJ a choice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 
• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 
(10 Oal/I After Conception) 

• AHordabie Birth Control 
coli 

The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Falnily Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

stead of just shutting them right off 
as being so different from us that 
they would just not be accepted at 
alL" 

Another benefit of the exchange 
is that the two cultures are "gelling 
to learn a little more about each 
other.not just from a text~k point 
of view," Leyte-Vidal said. 

She is anxiously awaiting the 
Muir HAs' reciprocal visit to the 
Monterrey campus scheduled for 
late March. 

"These exchange students were 
incredibly bright, very well-spo-
ken, some of them were fluent in 
English, and others weren't, which 
is expected." said Muir HA Drew 
Reynolds. The language barrier 
posed little problem, according to 
Robbins, who said that "somehow, 
between charades, it was a lot of 
fun ." 

Looking at the Monterrey stu-
dents' adaptability in another cul-
tural environment, Reynolds feels 
that that contains an important 
lesson for HAs. "Although the 
Monterrey students came from a 
much different background, they 
were still able to adapt to the situ-
ation that they were in. 

"1 think that's reaUy important 
as a HA. I think you really need to 
be able to look at a situation and 
adapt it or be able to handle it. You 
need to be able to realize what's 
going on and come upon your own 
conclusion. " 

In short, the exchange was de-
signed for students "to learn some-
thing and have a lot of fun," as 
Robbins explained. 

ROlN)TRIP fROM THE WEST COAST 
PHOENIX $38 
LAS VEGAS $ 39 
SAN FRANCISCO $ 68 
ALBUQUERQUE $ 76 
CHICAGO $193 
MIAMI $198 
NEW YORK $198 
BOSTON $198 

IIaIItcIIcn 1PPIv. IPICC Is lmiIIId--IOOK EHIlII 
AIII __ CIrdIhdtIc 1M 
................... 

WHr flO Oft CAI .... lnl 

c.dT...t 
UCSO PRICE CENTER 

NKNE THE INfOItMTION OfFICE 

FEATURES 13 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 

MENS PRECISION CUT $12 
WOMEN'S PRECISION CUT $16 

(Styling is extra) 
r------------------, 110% OFF PERM OR COLOR I 
I (MIt WJIId rIutIenIl.D. Not valid wilt any oIIt« dI«.) I L __________________ ~ 

'~~r~ at5 
La Jolla Village Square 

MON.-FRI. 10-9; SAT. 9-6; SUN. 11-5. 455-1700 

HEALING MOTHER EARTH 
THE BALANCE OF NATURE 

M.enro And,.. s.gu,. 
" Maestro ~gura is a visiting An..: .Id.r who has IKlUr<d at u",~rsit,.s through-
out m. Unitod Stat.s for mor< than 17 years. H. was r .. rod in Mrxico Coty. but hiS 
fath., took him oft.n to IIlsit an Indian vill~ 'lO milos ""'''Y from his hom • . E~ntu­
ally, a spiritual fath., took ~ura in and taught him tho ancl~nt ways. H. Is a k~prr 
of cultu,.. an Instruaor in nati~ All..: dane., and a practit ion., of tho Indian Oral 
history tradition:' 

SPEAKING: T~e5day~ October 17. 1989 
7.00 - 9:00 p.m. 

UCSD Price Center Gallery A 
(Second floor. above Theaterl 

- Sac,a~nro 8« 

English and Spanish Presentation 

Co-Sponsored ..,: Fifth College. Muir College. Revelle College. Third 
College and Warren College 

Supported ..,: Cultural Exchange Program ICEP). Muir Cultural 
Society (MCS). Muir Programming Board IMPSI. Student 
Committe!' for Cultural Appreciation ISCCA). 

Affirmati~ Action R~ention Committee IMRC). and 
the Campus Coalition for Cultural Concern 14-C's) 

s,.cllll tlNtlks to ".. H,.."k SUIt Aaod.clGn 
For more information call: Janet Haley or Francine Martinez at 514-4711. 

A-SWIMSUIT-A-DAY 
1990 

DESKTOP CALENDAR 

Made to fit any standard 
2-hole desktop calendar 
stand, (Success, Eveready) 
with standard calendar 
information and full color 
classy photographs of 
beautiful woman wearing 
the latest fashion swimsuits 
will bring new excitement to 
the student desk. 

Gr ... gift Id ••. 

$17.95 + $1 .35 tax 

C.A.T . 
P.O. Box 161 
Del Mar, CA 92014 
(619) 792-9141 

Please aJIow 8 weeks 
delivery. 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 16, 1989 

Sports 
UCSD Blanks Azusa, 
But Loses to Dominguez 
-------- ---

COll/rilJlIting Writer 

Th UCSD women's soccer 
team put the bite on the Azu~a 
Pacific Cougars while extending 
its shutout streak to II games with 
a 4-0 victor on Friday. The Tri-
ton played aggressively, both of-
fensively and defensively, to pick 
up their I I th win in as many games 
while running their cumulative 
score to 55-0 this season. 

But the two treaks - hutou ts 
o/ldwins-came toan end yester-
day when the Tritons were edged 
1-0 by Cal State Dominguez Hills 
on the road. Dominguez is cur-
rently ranked econd nationally in 
Division II. 0 a victory would 
have been no easy task for UCSD. 

Still. UCSD maintains an im-
pressive 11-1 record. and appeared 
a sharp as ever on Fnday. 

"The game we played today w 
very physical." Head Coach Br 1I1 
McManu explained concerning 
the Azusa contest. But this style of 
play did not intimidate the Tritons. 

UCSD established itself early 
when enior Toni Krumme scored 
on a header after a penalty kick by 

senior midfielderSheila Takaha hi 
50 second into the game. The Tri-
tons never looked back. 

Triton senior Heather Mauro 
had another excellent game, scor-
ing twice on assi IS from senior de-
fender Jennifer Kingsbury and 
ophomore forward Karin Lind-
ay. Mauro' two goals gave her 

19 on the year, two shy of sopho-
moreKatyDulock'sUCSD ingle-
season coring record of 21. Du-
lock set that record la t year. 

In the second half, McManu 
challenged Azusa Pacific by put-
ting forth a team primarily laden 
with re erve players. 

"The bench ha come on really 
strong. There wa a little bit of 
confusion early on, but they played 
very well today," McManus said. 
"We never had one player domi-
nate ... we did this a a combined 
unit." 

The Tritons continued to put 
pressure on the Cougars after 
halftime, and scored once more 
when senior Felicia Faro put one 
through at 60:35. 

The Triton , currently ranked 
second in Division Ill, will play 
Claremont College on Wednesday. 

Rimas Uzgiris/Guardian 
Sophomore Katy Dulock (13) and the Tritons leaped over Azusa Pacific on Friday afternoon. 

William and Mary Sweeps UCSD Cross Country Teams Impress at 
CaIPoly-Sall_Luis_Qbispo Invite Women's Volleyball Bows to Division I School 

By ERIC BROSIO 
COlllriiJuting Writer 

Not that long ago- in fact,just 
last season - the UCSD women's 
volleyball team was a difficult op-

ponent for schools from every 
division. Even when matched 
again t Division I powerhou es, 
the Division ill Tritons knew that 
they could be competitive with any-
body on their schedule. This sea-

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 

4~ 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

(Phil is currently 5-2) 

Monday Night Football 
Favorite 
L.A. Rams 

Spread 
4* 

Underdog 
BUFFALO 

PHIL'S ANAL YSIS .. . Every year, it's t~e same old, 
boring story. Every year, the Rams jump out to an early 
lead over the 4gers in the NFC West. And every year, after 
the Rams have had their little fun, the 4gers put it together 
and watch as the Rams proceed to lose the majority ofthcir 
remaining games. How boring. It might actuall y be nice to 
see the Ram:; give San Francisco a challenge once in a 
while. But that might be a little too much to expect. 
Anyway, before I go off on a tangent (which I never really 
do), let's take a look at this Monday night matchup. The 
Bills, 3-2, can move into first place in the AFC East with 
a victory. The Rams, at 5-0, have the best record in prafes-
ional football - but a loss could drop them into a first-

place tie with the 4gers in the NFC West. So both teams 
have something at Slake when they meet tonight in Buf-
falo. Will the Ram lose? Probably. But if they do win -
once again sening themselves up for another serious EI 
Foldo in November - It won' t be by lhi spread. PHIL 
recommends that you ... 

TAKE THE BILLS ' 
OfIKI.IIIIIlC'fromSmd:IIII/I( W"U Jon, CA 

son, however, a different atmos-
phere has appeared to develop 
around the team. 

While the Tritons have man-
aged to handle most of their Di vi-
sion III competitors fairly easily 
this year (UCSD is 7-2 in Di vision 
III), the story has been di fferent at 
other levels. Against Di vision IT 
teams, the Tritons are 3-5. Against 
Division I opponents, the Tritons 
are 1-2 after Friday night 's loss to 
the William and Mary Tribe, 15-
10,15- 12, 15-8. 

A lillIe arithmetic reveals that 
the Tritons only managed to score 
30 points against William and Mary 
(15-2), a team which the Tritons 
defeated last year in tive games. 

In the first game, it looked as if 
it was going to be the Tritons ' 

See W. V-BALL, page 22 

By PHll.. GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

Just how important can a 
couple of seconds be? 

Well, during the course of an 
average day, two seconds proba-
bly don't make much of a differ-
ence. ToUCSD'swomen'scross 
country team at Saturday'S Cal 
Poly San Luis Obispo Invita-
tional, however, a couple of 
seconds could have made the 
difference between a first and 
second place finish. 

The Triton women wound up 
with 129 points on Saturday, but 
the Cal Poly SLO "B" team fin-
ishedwith 128tocdgeoutUCSD 
for the top spot in a 12-team, 
I03-person race. 

UCSD collected first, sec-
ond, 21st, 51 st, and 54th place 
finishes fortheir 129 point total , 
butCaIPoly'sfourth,sixlh,12th, 
44th, and 62nd place finishes 
were one point better. But if 
Triton Sabrina Jensen, who fin -
ished 21 st - one second be-
hind Cal State Hayward 's Becky 
DeAoust - had run two sec-
onds faster . . . no big deal. The 
Tritons still finished second in a 
12-team field (no small feat), 
and their closest Division ill 
competitor was Occ'idental 
which finished in sixlh place 
with 224 points - nowhere near 
UCSD. 

The Tri ton tandem of Denise 
McFayden and Michelle Conlay 

See CROSS, page 18 

This Week's Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
li'.ha1 
Soccer (M) 

Soccer (W) 

Volleyball (W) 

Water Polo (M) 

l!Iul 
at Claremont College 
CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO 
OCCIDENTAL COLLEGE 
CAL LUTHERAN U. 
CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO 
CAL POLY POMONA 
UC RIVERSIDE 
CAL STATE NORTHRIDGE 
LOYOLA MARYMOUNT 
UC SANTA BARBARA 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Dax I1mc 
Wednesday 3:00 p.m. 
Friday 3:00 p.m. 
Sunday 3:00 p.m. 
Wednesday 2:45 p.m. 
Friday 1:00 p.m. 
Sunday 12:00 p.m. 
Friday 7:00 p_m. 
Saturday 7:00 p.m. 
Friday 7:00 p.m. 
Sunday 11:00 a.m. 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Men's Water Polo Falls Again to UCLA 

UCSD Manages Three of Four on Weekend 
By KARA ASSANAKIS 
COl/frilmtin!? Writer 

The UCSD men' s water polo 
team crushed both Chaminade Uni-
versity and Cal Slate Los Angeles 
in a doubleheader Friday at Can-
yonview Pool. Then UCSD de-
feated Loyola Marymount in the 
opener of the Bruin Cup on Satur-
day. That's the good news. 

Then the Triton ran into a fa-
miliar nemesis: UCLA. As far as 
the Tri tons are concerned. that's 
pretty much the extent of the good 
new. 

The weekend. still, was fairly 
successful forthe Tritons, who im-
proved the ir overall record 10 13-
II. 

In the openi ng game, 
Chaminade was clearly no match 
for the Tri tons as the latter pounded 
the visitors from Hawaii , 17-4. 
UCSD's goal within the first min-
ute set the pace for the rest of the 
game. 

In fact. the Triton varsi ty team 
only needed to play for the first 
few minutes. An early Triton lead 
allowed Head Coach Denny Harper 
to SWilCh his varsity team with his 
junior varsity. 

Though the Chaminade contest 
was the first time the juniorvarsity 
has played at the varsity level, the 
squad performed well and kept the 

pressure on flailing Chaminade. 
Junior Varsity Coach Pat Hazel 

commented that the playing time 
enabled "the JV to play an experi-
enced team and to learn patience 
ilnd ball control." Hazel's squad 
must have learned quid;ly. 

The junior varsity picked up 
right where the varsity left off and 
continued to pour it on, eventually 
giving UCSD a 17-4 vic tory. 

A few hour later, the Tritons 
returned to the pool and mauled 
Division IT Cal State Los Angeles 
by a 13-3 count. Again, a goal 
within the first minute - this time 
by Pete McConville - set the 
tempo. 

The Tritons held Cal State L.A. 
scoreless until the last minute of 
the second quarter. The game 
continued its fast pace with the 
Tritons regaining posses ion from 
the Golden Eagles numerous times. 

Cal State L.A. only scored once 
during the third quarter, compared 
with six goals by the Tritons. 

Pete McConv'ille and Jason 
"Turtle" Brown scored four goal 
apiece during the course of the 
game, but Harper accredited the 
victory to the Tritons' "nearly f1aw-

· Iess defense." 
UCSD scored four more times 

in the fourth quarter to top off a 
near-perfect day. 

Saturday'S UCLA Bruin Cup 

tournament, however, was a dif-
ferent story. 

In the opening game, UCSD 
beat Loyola University easily, 17-
5. With three straight wins by a 
cumulative score of 47- 12, it ap-
peared the Tritons were invincible. 
But as has been the case 0 many 
times before, UCLA, with an 8-4 
victory, made sure the Tritons' 
streak went no further. 

UCLA , which defeated the 
Tritons 10-3 at the UC Irvine 
Tournament earlier this year, re-
mainedjustbeyondUCSD'sgrasp. 
The Tritons made it exciting -
UCLA was up by only one point at 
the end of the first hal f - but the 
Bruins pulled away in the second 
half and surfaced with an 8-4 win. 

Coach Harper commented that 
this game, in particular, "was a 
disappointment." 

The Tritons al 0 fell to Harvard 
13-7, but thi was an exhibition 
game featuring Harvard alumni. 
ThegamedidnotcountonUCSD's 
record. 

UCSD must now concentrate 
on the future. The upcoming game 
against UC Santa Barbara - Sun-
day at 11 :00 a.m. in Canyonview 
Pool - will be an important con-
teslconcerning post season action 
for both teams. UCSB defeated the 
Tritons 10-6 in a Gauch Tourna-
ment game in early September. 

Greg Benes/Guardian 

Up for grabs - Triton sophomore Corbin Walburger (8) had the 
upper hand over this Chaminade player on Friday aftemoon. 

Health and Fitness 
Begin With 

Quality Health Care. 

UCSD 

PI_Ded 
PareDthood 

offen 
• Routine gynecological 

exams 

• Pap smears 
• Breast exams 
• Testing & treatment of 

sexually transmitted 
diseases 

• Contraceptive services 
• Pregnancy tests 
• Prenatal care 
• Abortion care 

• Convenient hours. Affordable prices. 10 locations 

CALL 
231-6760 

for the office nearest you 

Planned Parenthood 
offering women-centered 
health care for more than 

twenty-five years 

All Campu 

IE 
Single 
Championship 



16 The V CSD Guardian Monday, October 16, 1989 

--Paid Advertisement-

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS. 
: CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-84331 : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

INTERESTED IN PROGRAMMING??? 
Come to the PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
MEETING, TUESDAY, OCT. 17th, AT 4:30 
pm in CONF.ERENCE ROOM #8, PRICE CEN-
TER THIRD FLOOR!!! 

INTERESTED IN WORKING THE TGIF CREWI 
TGIF MEETING, TUESDAY, OCT. 17TH AT 5:00 PM IN 
CONFERENCE ROOM #8, PRICE CENTER THIRD 
FLOOR!!! 

ll,S I~II4)1 SI~1111~S 
I' 1\I~SI~N'I'S; 
1'OUllSDAY, OCT. 191'0 

1'WO SOOWIN(~S 6:00 " 9:("' PM 
PIUCI~ CEN'I'Ell 'rO.~1'RE 

-22' 
.I j, ... IS THE lOST lOVING, lOST 

~~ IITELUGENT, THE lOST HU-
• .IE-OH, TO HElL WITH ITI 

-IT'S THE BEST AMERICAN 
FILM I'VE SEEII THIS YEARI" 

MAKE SURE YOU 
MAKE IT ON TIME!! 
STARTING OCTOBER 16TH 
ASSORTED VINYL 

WILL BE OPEN: 
MONDAY - FRIDAY 

11 :00 - 6:00 
SATURDAYS 
11 :00 - 4:00 

N.B. BRING YOUR OLD CO;S GET BIG $ IN STORE CREDITI 

THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS NEEDS YOU TO 
GET INVOLVED? 

We have various campus-wide committees as well aa internal A S. 
Committees and Boards that need student representation. You can 
make the dirfference! Come to the AS. Office located in the Price 
Center, 3rd Floor and fill out an application! THE A.S . . WANTS 
YOU TO GET INVOLVED! 

DEADLINE FOR ASIO WINTER INTERNSHIPS 
Be prepared after graduation! Get a winter internship in San Diego to 
gain practical work experience to further enhance your career oppor-
tunities. The Associated Students Internship Office (ASIO) offers 
internships for undergraduates in every major. ASIO also offers in-
ternships on the state and national level. Apply today at ASIO, 3rd 
floor in the Price Center, near the A.S . Offices, or call 534-4689. 
Deadline to apply is Friday, October 20th at 3:00 pm! 

OpEN HOOSE 
T u~sd~, Oitober 17 
l1-Zpm, Stcond Floor 

University Ctnter 
s4s-zoZJ 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
RJSC; "lbe Radically Inclined Sid Club's" 1banksgtvtng Sid Trip TIckets go 
00 sale Oct. 11 tho The trip is In Utah for 4 days of skiing with UCSB and VCI. 
For more info .• call RISC at 534-4482. Huny! The go fastl 
qUA; The Inter-College ResJdence Hall Association needs your help 
durtng a1cohol awareness week. Volunteers are needed to wear black 
armbands representing one oCthe thousands of people who die In accidents 
caused by drunk drivers each year. Everyone js welcome to help and there 
will be a reward for those who participated. For more information come to 
the next ICRHA meeting on Thesday In the Berkeley Room In the Price 
Center at 5:00 pm. The Berkeley Room js above the food area on the second 
floor. You can also can StefanJe for more bUormatJoo at 558-6609. 
EMIL WAT HORIZONS; Join the newest AsIan Amertcan campus News-
Magazine. See your name in Spl1ng. express yourcreatlvlty. gain leadership 
experience, meet new people ... the opportun1Ues are endlesslll Writers, 
Artislts. Photographers. ProducUon Workers neededl Need not be ~1an to 
JOin. Call 259-6696 (LIly) or 695-8857 (MttcheUe). . 
KAPPAKAPPA QAMMA: FREE french fries. candy. movie :rentall You'Dflnd 
It all In the Easter Seals Hal10ween Coupon Booklets. Members of Kappa 
Kappa GaDlDl8 will be se1l1ng the booklets during the month oCOctober. and 
be sure to look for our booth in the Price Center, Oct. 23rd - 26th I 

UCSD's UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES STAFF 
REQUEST THE ptEASURE OF YOUR COMPANY AT THE 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION & LEADERSHIP 
ADVISORS RECEPfION 

ON tuESDAY, OcTOBER 24, 1989 
AT THE PRICE CENTER GALLERY AB 

(OFF nfE 2ND FLOOR LIBRARY LOUNGE) 
FROM 5:00 P.M. - 6:30 P.M. 

~ 

THERE WILL BE A BRIEF PRESENTATION AT 5:30 P.M. 

PltJIst R.S. v.P. by October 17 Phone: 534-4090 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

THE A.S, IS LOOKING FORi 
A SPORTS RELATIONS DIRECTOR! 
The duties include organizing and 
chairing a Sports Relations Committee 
to represent all sports related organi-
zations to the A.S. Council. To coordi-
nate sport events with other pro-
grammed activities and to promote 
sports activities to the Associated Stu-
dents. 

AIM HIGH! BE THE 
S U ENT RE E T 
APPLICATIONS ARE 
NOW AVAILABLE!!! 

When you are the University of California Student Re-
gent. you are no ordinary shooting star. You help make 
policy decisions on issues which affect students, fac-
ulty, and staff on all nine campuses. You can pick up ap-
plications at the following locations: 

ASUCSD OffiCE, 3rd Floor, Price Center 
EDNA Desk, Price Center 

College Dean's Office 
Office of Graduate Studies" Research 

Graduate Student Association Office, 3rd Floor, 
Price Center 

School of Medicine Student Affairs Office 
Chancellor's Office 

APPLICATIONS ARE DUE AT 5:00 PM, 
ON FRIDAY NOVEMBER 3, 1989 in the 
CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE. If you have 

A.S. COMMITTEES & BOARDS: 
ATTENTION STUDENTS: You must apply through your 
College Council to be appointed to the following Boards and 
Committees. Please contact your College Dean's Office for 
more information or Patty in the AS. Office. 

Cultural Programming Board 
Election Committees 

Juduical Board 
Media Board 

Scholarship/Charity Ball Board Public Relations 
Charity Ball 

Student Organizations 
Financial Board 

Sun God Festival Board 
Sun God Programming Chair 

Other Committees & Boards you can apply for through the 
A.S. Office. Come by and tum in an application : 

Corporate Relations Development Committee 
Public Relations Committee 
Programming Committee 

Sports Relations Committee 

Are You a Writer? 
The new A.S. Quarterly Newsletter is looking for HELP! We 
need energetic students interested in writing and/or the 
actual production. Contact Larry Becker in the A.S. Office 
at 534-4450 before Friday, Oct. 27th !!! 

17 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 16, 1989 
------------------------------------

"Doesn't 
every 
Pre-med 
deserve 
a choice?" 

Tom Garcia, M.D. WAG '75) 
Cardiologist 
Houston. Texas 

"The right choice was there when I 
needed it. I made that choice, and now I'm 
a physician. My alma mater may be just 
right for you. It's your choice." 

Universidad Aut6noma de Guadalajara 
School of Medicine 
Guadalajara, Mexico 

The International Choice 

For your free video preview call: 1·800·531·5494 Brian Morris/Guardian 
Wanna piece? - UCSO's Arnon Friedmann taunts an opponent. 

Be£oreyou a °ter 
it pays to do your oomevvorl<. 

o 7,000 Character Memory 
[Z] 24 Character Display 
0lnsert 
o Spell-Righte 50,000 Word 

Electronic Dictionary 
[Z] Full-Line Correction 
o Correcting Cassette 
o Right Ribbon System N 
0WordFinde 

o List 
o WordEraSere 

1ZI Auto CenterfRetum 
1ZI Relocate 
1ZI Auto Underscore 
1ZI End of Page Warning 
1ZI Dual Pitch 
1ZI Bi-Directional Print 
1ZI Stop Codes 
o Memory Battery Back-Up 
1ZI Bold Print 
lZJ ForwardlReverse Index 
o Auto Half-Space 

Today's assignment is quite simple. And quite or the exclusive fumble-free Correcting Cassette on 
rewarding. Just study the remarkable features of the anything but a Smith Corona typewrite!: 
Smith Corona XD 5600 and compare them with ThOU2h we've packed all these features into a 
other typewriters. portable that weighs under 14 pounds, we've been 

Aiter all, how many comparably priced type- able to keep the cost equally lightwei2ht. 
~ters give you word processing capabilities like The versatile Smith Corona XD 5600. It makes 
~lay and Memory, so you can edit, revise and buying a typewriter SMITH 

pr work letter perfea. And try and find the the easiest assignment CORONk 
Spdl-Kight· SO,OOO word Electronic Oictionary you'll ever have . lCMOIRJi'iWll'?-DGY 

For mo<t Infor.-.on on tbu product, Write: to Smith Co", ... Corpxation 65 ~ Awnu< ~ Canun CT 06840 
or Srrutb CorON u...da, 440 TapKOtt Rood, ScMborough, Ontano, Can.&. M I 6 IV 4. ' 

Fencing Starts Up 
With Bladerunner 
Benefit Tourney 
By DAVE LINDSTROM 
COlltriiJutillg WriTer 

"Have sword. will duel " was 
the motto on Sunday in the Rec 
Gym. The reason? The UCSD 
Bladerunner Benefit Tournament , 
whichkickedofflhe 1989-90 fenc-
i ng season. 

The Bladerunner is the Triton 
fencing team 's fundraiser. The 
tournament was open 10 all United 
States Fencing Associalion mem-
bers. and Trilon HeOld Coach Lynne 
Antonelli sa id thalthe turnout was 
much larger than expected. 

There were nellrly 50 entrants 
in the men 's foil and epee, 17 in the 
men ' sabre, and 25 in the women' s 
foil. Because the event was open, 
the participants ranged from high 
school fencer to po t-collegiate 
fencers . 

For the Triton teams, the event 
gave them achance to tune up their 
skills in live competition before 
their first match against Occiden-
tal College on OCI. 28. 

Sabre team captai n Avi Fried-
lich said Ihal he was using this 
tournament to "build up" for his 
meet next week. Friedlich is cur-
rently the third-ranked junior sabre 
fencer in the nation. 

Next week, Friedlich will fence 
at the North AmericlIn Junior Cir-
cuit meet in Portland, Oregon. In 
two weeks he will be representing 
the U.S. at the Junior Pan Ameri-
can Games in Havana, Cuba. 

Friedlich described the sabre as 
"chess at 80 mph." In sabre, the 
fencer can use the whole side of the 
blade and the point to make con-
tact with the target - the 
opponent's upper body. 

Concerning Ihe women 's team, 
captain Amy Leung pointed out 
that the team was using the meet to 
"work on skills." The women fin-
ished second in the conference last 
year, but only three team members 
returned this season. 

CROSS 
Continued from page 14 
were the reigning stars on a bright 
day for the women with their first 
and second place finishes. 
McFayden led the pack with a 17:55 
finish, four seconds ahead of her 
teammate. Yolanda Torres and 
Sharon Rockett, with their 51 sl 
and 54th place finishes, rounded 
out the top five qualifiers for 
UCSO' team score. 

The men's team also ran well at 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, garner-
ing a fourth place finish in a field of 
fifteen. There were 134 finishes in 
the men's open five-mile event. 

With three runners in the top 
five, Cal State Los Angeles won 
the race easily with 53 points. Cal 
State Fullerton was second with 
125. the Cal Poly Pomona "A" 
team was third with 142, and the 
Tritons ' "A" team fourth with 146. 

Mike Fox, who finished fir tal 
the Biola Invilational la t week, 
led Triton runners with a evenlh-
place finish on Salurday at 25:2 1. 
Roger Webb, who finished second 
in Biola, earned a tenth place finish 
with his 25:33 time. Merrell Hora 
(18th), Slefan Wynn (46th), and 
Eric Kinney (65th) comprised the 
rest of the top five UCSDfinishers. 

Monday, October 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

LO N DO N The Am • Finance/Economic Re_rch/ Management • HUII'*1/Heelth Servieet Politics • Advertiaing/PA/Merketing 
Journalism/Broedcast/Film 

Media • Public Relations • Busine .. 
Tourism· Fnhion • The Arts' Government PARIS 

WASHINGTON 
Politics - Business/Economics - Pre-Law 
International Relations • Journalism/ 
Communications • Health Fields' The Arts 

. Greg Benes/Guardian 
Sentor Jason Vance (7) has been an offensive machine for the men's water polo team this season. • 

Each 14-week internship program includes: 
16 Boston University semester· hour credits, 
full -time internships. course work taught by 
local faculty. centrally located housing. and 
individualized placements for virtuallv every 
academic interest. Programs in London and 
Paris are offered during the spring, fall. and 
summer. The Washington program is offered 
during the fall and spring . Need Ixtra Cash? 

Make Up to $100 pcr Month 
Are you hea~thy and 
between the ages 

of 18 and 30? 
All Ethnic Groups Needed 

Sperm Donors Needed Call (619) 165-1407 

For program det'lls complete 
the coupon below and m,lln to : 

Boston University 
Internatlonll Progrlms 
725 Commonwealth Avenue 82 
80ston. MA 02215 
6171353·9888 

dmklt,_lt, BOSTON UNIVERSITY 

......... It, Of 

/t'.1n ".. 

An «Ju.'opporrumty. 
.""m."w _erlOn intl,rul/Of! 

--------------------------------------._---------------------

Name _________ _ 
Address _______________ __ 
City _____ State ___ Zip_ 
College/University _________ __ 

___ Summer ___ FOil ___ Spring 19 ___ 

__ London Internollip Progr ........ 
__ TheAr1a 
__ Flnence/Economic: AeMwchl 

~ 
__ Humen/HNIIII_ 
__f'OIitiCII 
___ nglPR/_eting 
__ JoumaIiomI~FiIm 

_ Plrilintomollip Progr..., 
_ WoollinglOft InIomohIP Program 

Many Interesting places to eat, shop or have fun 
have been dlscoverd throuch The Quatrllsn. 

MAc's PLACE 
Life is tough and so is UCSD. We make it easier for you. 
Your full-service Ccmputer Lab_ Located 2nd foOT Price Center. 

534-0860 

natration 
ofPUlOI'UIIL 
Prowcllcp. 
wiUlhDw the 
cue oflllC of 
tbia powuful 

acwDaubuc.. 

Computer TIme $ 5.OOIhour 
l1serWriter Prints $ 0.251page 
ImageWriter Prints First 20: Free 

Over 20: $ 0.02 /page 

See DeIaIII Below 

Computer Time $ 7.501h0ur 
LaserWritar Prints $ O.5(Wpage 
ImageWriter Prints First 20: Fr. 

~1.fI.trl41A1liUB~tUJ'8fjWIIIJRS8;============~'F' ~ - - - - - - - - :l 
Monday-Thursday 9:00 am - 11:00 pm l/Iut ~ Ibw of ClJnrJutr lint. I 
Friday 9:00 am - 10:00 pm I c.t u. Nut /bur FR£E I 
Saturday 10:00 am - 4:00 pm I""" fDiIIlJirWrg ."lIIs AD. I 
Sunday 11:00 am - 4:00 pm ~m.!!. ~. Cou~1I.!. Person EJql1013.!'!..J 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
wordsls$1 forstudents,$3forfaculty 
and sllllt and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required; therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented in person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534·5416. The 
GUlInJ/an, UCSD, ~16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Ski Utah with Riscl Thanksgiving, 4 
days, $245. Tickets on sale October 11 
at box office. (10/12-23) 
Revelle Semi-Formal Theme Contest: 
Revelle needs a theme idea for the 
upcoming semi-format. Submit your 
idea to the Revelle Provost by Oct. 20. 
Winner receives free pair of tickets. 
(1012-1 9) 

PENGUIN'SNITE-Monday 1011 67-
10 p.m. Come support UCSD's Golden 
Key Club. Bring your friends . (10112-
16) 

Northern California Surf Association 
starting soon. 558-7406. (10/12-16) 

Deadline to apply for winter internships 
is Friday, October 20. (4th week). Stop 
by the AS Intemship OffICe, 3rd fioor of 
the Price Center, near AS offices or call 
534-4689. (10/5-10119) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! Even If 
bankrupt or bad credit! We guarantee 
you a card or double your money back. 
Catll-805-682-7555 EXT. M-l052. (91 
18-10116) 

CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE HOUSE 
where UCSD comes to dine, debate 
and relax in a beautiful non-smoking 
atmosphere. (See our ad each Monday) 
(1 0/2-10130) 

Business Opportunityl MAKE $100 a 
DA YI Work your own hours. It's easy 
with directions for a money-making idea 
Send $1 .00 to DCS, P.O. Box 70160, 
San Diego, CA 92107. (1012-1 0/26) 

What? Didn't see Blade Runner last 
Friday? Don't stressl There'll be plenty 
more great movies coming this quarter. 
For everyone who did see it, thanks for 
a great turnout! Your Voit-Comp test 
results are available at EDNA . (10/16) 

The Hyperlearning Test Bank needs 
any MathlChemlPhysicslCS/Econ tests 
you wish to dump on us from the last 
four years. $21c1ass, we pick up. 455-
1000. (10116) 

THE LAZY PERSON'S SECRET TO 
OVERNIGHTWEAL TH. lttakesasmail 
investment and very litie work to REAP 
THE REWARDS with this IDEA. SEND 
$3.00 to DATA RESOURCES, 1140 
Wall St., BOX 8993, La Jolla, CA92038. 
(10116-26) 

5111nutla 
'nll UCSD 

236-8587 
8150 Villi La JlIII Dr. 

La JIIII 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
SO Museum of Art Education Dept. 
needs ASAP interns to act as teachers 
for children, kindergarden through 8th 
grade, on a museum project. Contact 
ASIO at 534-4689 for more info. (1 0116) 

Early deadline for Washington D.C. 
summer internships with the 
Department of Education, State Dep., 
and Cable News Network is October 
18th. Contact ASIO at 534-4689 for 
more info. (10/16) 

Early deadline for summer internships 
with the Washington Post (in Wash 
D.C.) and Dow Jones (in New Jersey) is 
October 27th. contact ASIO at 534-
4689 for more info. (10/16-23) 
Surf Club meeting. AP&M 2402, 7:30 
PM. Surf movie and festivities. Please 
bring $20.00 dues if unpaid. (10116) 

Persian Club is holding its first meeting 
of the year on Wednesday, October 
18th at 6:00 PM at USB 3060. All 
interested Iranians are encouraged to 
attend and get involved. (1 0/16) 
' EXCLUSIVE GUIDE TO WEEKEND 
FUN :" Select NIGHTCLUBS AND 
RESTAURANTS in LA JOLLA AND 
SAN DIEGO. For your 
ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE SEND 
$3.95 TO: DATA RESOURCES, 1140 
WaiISt.,BOX8993,LaJolla, CA'92038. 
910/16-26) 
Prince fans ! I have everything by Prince 
AND THEN SOME, like unreleased 
material and live shows on audio and 
video tape . Trades preferred,. Call Alex 
459-6964, leave message. (1011 6) 
Free food. We need you, your opinion 
and your palate. Please call Scott at 
534-6203. (10116-23) 
Want to make new friends, leam retail 
skills, and learn about the co-opsystem? 
Be a member at the General Store Co-
op. M-F 8:30-5:00. Ph. 534-3932. (1 01 
16-19) 
Want to learn more about 
communicating with your significant 
other? Attend the group workshop in 
COMMUNICATION IN 
RELATIONSHIPS. Call 453-7500 
x3463 (Jim , days) , 560-8712 
(Kathy,eves.), 457-3681 (Jeremy, 
eves.) for more info. (10/16-19) 

PRO-CHOICE ACTIVISTS NEEDED. 
Defend clinics from Operation Rescue. 
10121 ,8:00am. P.H. Info? Rides? Kathy 
558-7309. (10/16-19) 
STUDENTS FOR PRO-CHOICE. 
Meetinglescort training Tuesday, 
October 17, 8 :00 pm, Tioga 502. Info? 
Kathy 558-7309. (10/16) 
STAYING HEALTHY: STRATEGIES 
FOR BUSY PEOPLE. Could you use a 
fittle guidance and support in reaching 
your body goals? Learn practical and 
enjoyable ways to manage stress, 
control weight and increase fitness that 
can make a difference in you life. 
SECTION I: THURSDAYS, Oct 19, 26, 
Nov 2 ; 5-8 pm . SECTION II : 
SATURDAYS Oct 21 , 28, Nov 4; 9 am-
12. UNDERGRADUATE SCIENCE 
BUILDING 4050 B. $20 for students 
and ree card holders. $30 others. TAKE 
ACTION AND CREATE THE HEALTH 
YOU ALWAYS WANTEDI (10/16-19) 

WELCOME BACK 
UCSD STUDENTS 

Call us for your 
PET HEAL TH CARE 

N~ 
iii 

5588 La Jolla Blvd. 
459-3279 

We -cater" to students 
10% OFF 1 st visit 

with this ad 

Third College students .. . Get involved 
with the Third Word Newsletter. 
Students needed for editorial staff. 
Please contact Rebecca Cobb at 534-
4390 or stop by the Third College Dean's 
Office. (10116) 
Want to make new friends, learn retail 
skills , and learn aboutthe co-op system? 
Be a member at the General Store Co-
op. M-F 8:30-5:00. Ph. 534-3932. (101 
16·19) 

SERVICES 
TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING with 
laser printing. Low-cost term papers , 
theses, resumes. Fast! NADINE 578-
0496. (10112-11130) 
The Centerfor Counseling, Healing and 
Recovery offers help with the emotional 
pain of Alcohol and Drug Addiction, Co-
Dependency or Sexual Abuse. Please 
call today 298-31 01 because your life is 
important. (10/5-16) 
ALL THE MOST RECENT ADVANCES 
in the psychoanalytic treatment of 
personal and psychosomatic problems: 
contact Dr. Fink, a Lacanian 
psychoanalyst trained in Paris, for 
consultations in English or French, 551 -
9282. (10/5-30) 
WORD PROCESSING - Fast , 
dependable service. Rush jobs taken. 
Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9128-11 1 
30) 
TypinglWord Processing : Academic 
manuscripts, theses , books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (9125-10/30) 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (9/18-1/4) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $S.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germain's. 
452-9949. (10/9-3/12) 
TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING: Fast, 
accurate, literate professional service 
at low student rates. Rush jobs. 454-
6860. (1019-26) 
WORD PROCESSING -IBM wI laser 
printer. Student papers and resumes. 
Reasonable student rates. InpuV 
Output. 530-0470. (10/9-1112) 
Announcing a few choice seats left in 
our Math, CSE 70, and Physics classes. 
It's nottoo late to get weekly, top-notch 
tutoring in classes that you've always 
dreaded. Hyperteaming, 455-1 000. (101 
16) 
Need a math tutor? College algebra-
calculus (all Ivs) Also avbl wI group of 
two max 4. Call Assad 452-9523. (101 
16-19) 
WORD PROCESSING· -NEXT TO 
UCSD! Term papers, manuscripts, 
resumes , theses. Laserlypesetquality. 
Marsha 535-8260. (10116-11/30) 
MACINTOSHICOMPUFIX SPECIALS: 
44 Meg SCSI HD wI 1 Year Factory 
Warranty intlext $399/499. 128/5121 
Plus Analog/Power $89. For all your 
Mac Needs: COMPUFIX 456-5916. (1 01 
16-26) 

Laser Prints : I Save on L.aserWrit~ prints now 
through _1 Ot'31 /89 _ with this 
coupon. Limit one coupon per 
customer. 

kinko·s· 
open 24 hours 

457-3775 

I 
I 

~ --------;. ~ .'." 

MACINTOSH SERVICE/UPGRADES: 
Component level repair, FREE 
estimates, reasonable rates, weekends 
O.K. Next to UCSD campus. PO's 
accepted. Service for equipment on 
selected basis . Emergency service I 
COMPUFIX 456-5916 FAX: 454-4535. 
(10/16-30) 
WORD PROCESSING, Student Rates, 
papers, dissertation experience, 7 days 
a week, 4.0 English skills , 755-2683. 
(10/16-11 /9) 

WANTED 
New Chili's Restaurant. Hiring all 
positions. Apply M-F 1 0-5 at 5925 Lusk 
Blvd. on the comer of Mira Mesa Blvd. 
Phone 457-5962. Great benefits and 
pay. (10112-30) 
Fresh and enthusiastic students needed 
to market products. PIT, flexible. Bon 
Appetit Demos 236·1196. (1 0/12-16) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees, cuslomers and suppliers. 
Successful applicants undergo 
extensive training. Average earnings 
$6-10,000. Call ' Student Painters" 1-
800-426-6441. (10/5·11/30) 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol . If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American-born male of entireiy 
Japanese,Chinese,orKoreandescent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more Information, 554-
2192. (9118-114) 

Part-time managers. Earn up to $200 
for 6-8 hours work. Call 286-1642. (101 
2-16) 

Positions: Bussing, hostess, cocktail, 
wait, Valle Rose restaurant, 2660 Via 
De La Valle, Del Mar, 481-8861. (9/28-
10116) 

CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
spring, Christmas and next summer 
breaks. Many posi1ions. Gall 1-805-682-
7555 EXT. S-I023. (9118-10/16) 

ATIENTION • HIRING! Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840-$69,485. Call 
1-602-838-8885. Ext R18113. (9/18-
10128) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,000Iyear 
income potential. Details. (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. Bk 18113. (9118-10128) 
Neurobiology laboratory active in neural 
networks modeHng and physiology is 
seeking a SCIENTIFIC 
PROGRAMMER (10-20 hr/Week) to 
help deveiop software for acquiring and 
analysing neurophysiological data on 
IBM ATs and Mac lis using C or 
PASCAL. Opportunitiei will also be 
available to learn and use UNIX 
systems. SALARY $8-$10/hr. 
CONTACT Dave Lawrence, The Salk 
Institute. 453-4100 ext 579. (10/9-12) 
Business Opportunityl MAKE $100 a 
DA YI Work your own hours. It's easy 
with directions for a money-making idea. 
Send $1.00 to DCS, P.O. Box 70160, 
San Diego, CA 92107. (1012-26) 

Monday, October 16, 1989 

The UCSD Annual Fund is seeking 
enthusiastic callers NOW. $7tbonus, 
ON Campus. Call 587-1585. (10/9·19) 

House Cleaners. Part·time, ftexible 
hours around school schedule , great 
working atmosphere, $8 per hr. take 
home. Dependable, honest, good Ref., 
no experience necessary, car and 
telephone. Leave message 481-4616. 
(10/9-26) 

Otd Tesls for Chem 6C Prof. Dickson, 
Math 1 C Rohrl , or PhYSics 1 B Lumpkin 
cluttering up your room? I'll take them 
off your hands and pay you, too! Sandra, 
457-n77. (10/16) 

Cartoonists needed to illustrate book. 
Possible innovative comic work. Close 
to campus , ftexhours, and real creativity I 
John/Sandra 455-1 000. (10/16) 

Hyperleaming is building a tutor file! If 
you have strong understanding of Chem 
(OChem and General), Math, Physics, 
Computer Science, Econ,or an;yother 
quantitative subject, reiate well with 
students, and would like to pick up 
some part- time hours, give us a call. TA 
experience preferred . Call 
Hyperlearning, 455-1000. (10116) 

Hardcore is looking for scripts for its fall 
'89 film production. Interested? Call 
Lesley 792-1249. (10116) 

Bookstar now accepting applications 
for FIT and PIT sales associates. Must 
desire a fast-paced environment. 
Bookselling experience helpful. Apply 
at 8650 Genesee Ave #230 across from 
UTC Mall. (10/16) 

Free food. We need you, your opinion, 
and your palate . Please call Scott at 
534-6203. (10/16-23) 

PART-TI~ElFULL TIME-Deiuxe Car 
Wash. Immediate openings for all 
positions. We will fit your school 
schedule. Located at the Costa Verde 
Shopping Center on Nobel Drive West 
of Genesee. Apply 1-5 PM daily, or call 
587-4844 for appointment. Eves. 222-
5868. (10116-1112) 

WANTED: Female to watch 4 & 1 year 
olds 10-15 hrslwk. Pay negotiable, 
hours flexible. Experience required. 
Close to campus, within bikingdlstance. 
Call 457-0535 before 9 am or after 7 
pm. (10/16) 

ATIENTION-HIRINGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840-$69,485. 
Call1-602-838-8885 EXT. R18113. (101 
16-19) 

Part-time managers. Earn up to $200 
forS-8 hours' work. Call 286-1642. (10/ 
16) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS! $32,000/year 
income potential. Details. (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. Bk 18113. (10116-26) 

CHILD CARE: Sitter needed Mondays, 
7·10:30 a.m., 14·monthtwins, La Jolla 
home, day 259·5412, evenings 452· 
6470. (10116-26) 

2 male actors for student film to be shot· 
over one weekend. 270-5660 or 535-
1274. (10116) 

BIG BEAR 
MARKETS 

Immediate openings for 
Clerk's Helpers at our 
new Costa Verde store. 
Part time positions for 
motivated, enthusiastic 
individuals. $4.25 per 
hour. Excellent benefit 
package. Apply in person 
~onday,Tuesday,or 
Thursday between 9:00 
a.m. and 4:00 p.m. at 

8510 Genesee Avenue 
San Diego 

EOE 
.. ....... 

Monday, Otobcr 16, 1989 

Guitarist to form all-original rock group. 
Vocals plus. (Beatles, Who, etc.) Call 
Rob 558-1571. 

FOR SALE 

Rolling Stone tix. 10121 4 seats. Call 
Mike 452-6n9. (10/12-16) 

Dorm-size fridge $40 . Dorm-size 
microwave $60 abo. Call Noel 8:00-
11 :00 evenings, 450-9036. (10/12-19) 

Phantom of the Operal Two tickets to 
the Dec 30th sold out show in San 
Diego. Original London castl call 587-
8584. (10/12-16) 

1982 Red Firebird, 4-speed, 4-cy1n, 
11 OK miles, loaded, good condition, 
original owner. $2,000. Bill , 792-5431. 
(1012116) 

Stereo - Mitsubishi, DA·L70, AM-FM, 
programmable 7 -cassette changerl 
Linear turntable , 60 watts, clean, $150. 
John 535-0074. (10112-16) 

Stones Tix! Sat, Oct 21 . $2001pair or 
best oHer. 458-5993 evenings. (10/12-
16) 

Wilson-Ultra FPK ovarsize tennis 
racquet, hardly used, approx. 10 hrs of 
hitting. $140 new (unstrung), selling for 
$100. Evenings 470-1559. (10112-16) 

Surfboards - great condition. 6'4·,6'5·, 
6'11' for 75-150$. call Joey or Steen@ 
458-0966. (10/12-16) 

Michael W. Smith Sunday Nov 5. Six 
excellentll seats. $231each. Call 452-
9310 evenings. (10/5-16) 

1985 Mazda GLC Deluxe; automatic, 4 
dr., burgundy/tan intenor; very good 
condition ; 69K; $3,800 or best. John, 
223-8389 . (10/5-16) 

'77 YAMAHA 750 DOHC . Good 
condition. Runs well . Parking permit 
and valid registration included. $575.00. 
Call Jason at 481-9608. (10/5-19) 

Printer Panasonic Kx-PI124. Never 
used. Complete guarantee. Letter 
Quality mode Epson LQ-2500 Mode 
Commands & IBM ProprinterX24. With 
small footprint characters. Bit image for 
graphics, charts, etc. $310 firm . 
Evenings 587-8231 . (10/5·12) 

Computer system. IBM compatible 
computer 512K, dual disk drive, NEC 
Spinwriter Printer, and software 
included. Asking $1200 for whole 
system. Contact Brian at 546-8159. 
(1012-10/19) 
Futon & Frame : $100 . Sofabed 
hardwood trim: $200. Both unused, can 
deliver 456-9571 . (9/18-1 0/~6) 

Rentdorm ur apt size Sanyo refrigerator 
from $55 per school year. RAR 695-
9006. (9/18-10/12) 

ATTENTION -GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES FROM $100. Fords, 
Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers Guide. 1-602-838-8885 EXT. 
A18113. (9118-10128) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4wheelers, TV's, 
stereos, furniture, computers by DEA, 
FBI, IRS and US Customs. Available in 
your area now. Call 1-805·682-7555 
Ext. C-1199. (9/18-10116) 

Genetics Book and problem guide for 
Bio 131 (Suzuki, 4th edition). $40. Call 
558-7406. (1019-10/16) 

1978 white VW Rabbit, 4 speed. Engine 
in good condition. Reliable car, $12001 
obo 259-7153. (10/9-10/16) 

Scooter. Yamaha Rlva 125 cc. 1988 
(only 2400 miles). Automatic 
transmission, rear basket, side brief-
case. $1250.00. Package deal with 
helmet, jacket $1375.00 (normal value 
$2500) . Yves 276-3822 (evenings) or 
554-2801 (day). (10116) 

Las Vegas vacation, 3 days-2 nights, 
Continental Hotel, good until 6/90 , 
$30.00. (619) 558-2087. (10/16) 

Rolling Stones/Guns' N 'Roses Oct. 21 
$7512 tickets. 458-0086, 452-0658. (101 
16) 

For Sale: Refrigerator Freezer. Good 
condition, 18.6 cubic ft . $150 or best 
offer. Joy 578-6523. (10/16-19) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Bed - 2 frames, 2 mattresses, 1 
boxspring. Bunk bed set-up. $50 o.b.o. 
call 454-3469. (10116) 
Carolera -Canon EOS 650 wI 50 mm 
1.8. E)(ceilent condition. $300 firm. 558-
2186. (10/16) 

Beta VCR with seven cool movies, $75 
o.b.o. Call Dawn (evenings) 486-4083. 
(10/16) 

Prince fansll have everything by Prince 
AND THEN SOME, like unreleased 
material and live shows, on audio and 
video tape. Trades preferred. Call Alex 
459-6964. Leave message. (10/16) 

Pugh Moped. $350.00 or best offer. 
Almost new. Runs great. Call Karen, 
Doug, or leave a message at 436·9451 . 
Days and evenings. (10/16) 
Dream vacations : Bahamas cruise and 
Mexico. 5 dayS/4 nights each. Meals, 
sports and bar included in Mexico. 2 
vacations, 2 people, $298. Details : 692-
2551 (24 hours). 

'76 Ford Pinto. Runs weil, dependabfe, 
economic, good mileage . Great 
transportation. $450. 275-2045. (1 0116-
19) 

Moving sale, dining set, coffee table, 
stereo, iron, hiking boots (mIf), plants, 
boogie board. 1455-8335. (10116) 

POOL TABLE - standard size, 
e)(cellent condition, balls and cues 
included. $300 o.b.o. 481-9608. 

Twin bed in excellent condition . 
Mattress and box spring. $80 or best 
offer. Evan 457-4037. (10116-19) 

TOYOTA COROLLA 4 door, S speed 
A1c, good running condition, many new 
parts. Call 558-0547. (10/16) 

HOUSING 
Roommate share 2bed apt. Non-
smoker, part. tumished TV, VCR, micro-
walk to UCSD. $295. 546-1464. (101 
12-16) 
Single room in Clairemont house, 5 
min drive from UCSD, $207 Imonth. 
Call 270-8419. (10/12-16) 
Roommatewanted, La Jolla Boardwalk, 
$SOO/mo, totally furnished, pool , spa, 
tenniS,Walk to UCSD, own room wI dr. 
across from W Village Sq shopping. 
Dan 452-0837. (10/9-10/19) 
Mission Beach, 2 Bd, 2 Bath, Ocean 
view, $900-$1000, 488-1395 or 259-
1467. (1 0/9-1 0/26) 
Wanted roommate: own room, great 
Mira Mesa location. $250 + 1/3 utilities. 
Joy 578-6523. (10/16-19) 
FerQale mature. Private room. PB area. 
Close to beach. $315.00 + 112 utilities + 
deposit. Call 483-4508. 

Room for rent: female, non-smoker 
preferred, $400lmonth + 113 utilities, 
near Ralph's, security. Call 455-9515. 
(10/16-30) 

"Diet Center won't feed you 
a lot of nonsense:' 

Susan SatntJames, actress, mother and Diet Center -lIcce ' story 

I can't believe how some 
diets make vou eat all your 
foou out o r'1i tt Ie boxes like a 
gerhil. Get a diet you can livl: 
with at Diet Center. 
Losefat,'not muscle. 
/{esearch shows 92% of the 

n-lCitl EII!,.II(I,,'lo~1 an lIIUtlZ"'P- 121 
f'lJI/Ild; (I( /)rel Celller 

weight lost on the Diet Center 
program b excess fat , not water 
or lean bod\" mas~. 
Eat realfOOd. (l expen~i\'e 
prepackaged meab required. 
Getfast results. Energize 

~-our body \"\ hile round~ JnL! 
inche~ melt awa~: 

Diet 
The weight-loss professionals: 

October SpeCial 
BODY FAT TESTING 

at no additional charge 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

LOST AND FOUND 
I 

$150 cash for return of Kenwood 
pull-out compact disc car stereo. Taken 
from hospital parking lot. No questions 
asked. Call Rick at 587-8769. (10116) 

Lost 1 0/6 Gargoyie sunglasses, 4th floor 
bathroom USB. If found please retum 
to USB 3150. (10/16-19) 

PERSONALS 
Well hello Boo-Boo, Happy 21 stl Now 
you're old enough to hit Las Vegas ... 
but tonight we can play chess and 
poker at your place. Love, Shorty. (101 
16) 

$$ paid for homework solution CHEM 
130. Call Don *697·0403. (10/16) 

Warren commuter breakfasts are backl 
Only 50¢ every Tuesday, 7:30 a.m.-
9:45 a.m. Provost's office. (10116-19) 

Ski Utah with Rise! Thanksgiving, 4 
days, $245. Tickets on sale October 11 
at box office. (1 0112-23) 

CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE HOUSE 
where UCSD comes to dine, debate 
and relax in a beautiful non'smoking 
atmosphere. (See our ad each Monday) 
(1 0/2-10/30) 

WANTED: 9Opeople. Loseup to 25 Ibs 
in the next 30 days!! 452-3710. (10/9-
10/30) 

ATTENTION - GOVERNMENT DIET CENTER OF UNIVERSITY CITY 3202 Governor Dr, #204 • 587-1775 
HOMES from $1 (U-repair). D~inquent 
tax property. Repossessions. CallI- Big Bear Shopping Center at Governor & Regents 602-838-8885Ext.GHI8113.(9I18-101 'L _______________________________________________ .. 
28) 

• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
• YOWME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 
• Free IWIdng • Book BIndIng 
• Copies while you welt 

HolITS: ~1lI 8:30-6:30, Fri. 8:30-6, 
S4t 1 i-4 • 31111 Holiday COurt 
t. JoIII next to St. GcrmIIn', 

451-9949 

-



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Rimas Uzgiris/Guardian 

High-steppin ' - Jennifer Davis and the Tritons are alive and 
kicking: 11-1,11 shutouts, and a number-two national ranking. 

Linda Ross sets one for a fellow teammate, but the Tritons set the 
table for Wi!liam and Mary on Friday night in the Main Gym. 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, 
is a vital part of the nation's largest supplier of quality medical products 

and devices for hospital and surgical use. 
We are interested in talking with Graduating Engineering Students 

in a variety of areas. 
Come and meet the Representatives at our Information Session. 

We'll be on campus: 

Wednesday, October 18, 1989 
12Noon-1pm 

at the Davis Riverside Room 
Refreshments will be served 

On-campus interviews will be held: 
Thursday, October 19, 1989 8:30am-4:30p~ 

Highlight a great future for yourself at Baxter Healthcare Corporation, 
Medical Specialty Devices Group. 

If you are unable to attend, please send your resume to: 
Carolyn Byram, Professional Staffing, 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, 
17121 Red Hill Avenue, Irvine, CA 92714. 

We are an equal opportunity employer mlflh. 

Medical Specialty Devices Group 

Baxter 

Monday, October 16,1989 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 14 
night when they jumped out to an 
impres ive 9-2Ie3d. But a string of 
unforced Triton errors allowed the 
Tribe to st0n11 back in to conten-
tion and knot the game at nine. A 
UCSD timeout proved ineffective, 
as the team continued to fall apart 
and managed only one more point 
in the first game. 

Again in the second game, the 
Tritons emerged ~n strong fashion 
with precision passing and gained 
a quick 6-1 lead. Bur the Tri tons 
continued to mirror game one when 
they proceeded to suffer break-
down in all facets of their game. 
As Division I reams have a ren-
dency to do, the Tribe capitalized 
on the Triton mistakes and went on 
a 14-6 coring run to take the sec-
ond game, 15-12. 

"Thekindofmistake wemade 
tonight have been somewhat of a 
trend for us this se~ on. especially 
against teams in the stronger divi-
sions. We made mistake~ that we 
probably wouldn't have made 
against a Division HI team. You 
can't make the mi takes we did 
tonight and expect to beat a Divi-
sion I team I ike Wi II iam and Mary," 
UCS D Head Coach Doug Dan-
nevik aid. 

With the team 's confidence 
shaken by the loss of the first two 
games, the Tritons continued to 
make more mental errors and ne ver 
really threatened in the third game. 
Triton players mi sed some easy 
kills and often neglected to call for 
balls coming their way. William 
and Mary purted to a 12-3 lead 
and never looked back. 

" I really think that we could 
have won if we had played our 
be t. I don't want to take anything 
away from William and Mary. 
They played very well, but we 
played about as bad as we could," 
Dannevik explained. "yve weren't 
making the right passes to atcom-
modate their set-up. If we can stop 
making those kind of mistakes, I 
think we can win consistently." 

In regard to upcoming matches, 
Dannevik put the William and 
Mary loss into perspective. 

"Hopefully , this won't affect 
our confidence too much," he said. 
"We have an upcoming match with 
a tough Division 11 team [Cal State 
Northridge], and it will be interest-
ing to see if we can execute and 
play the kind of consistent volley-
ball of which we are capable." 

William and Mary 's Jennifer 
Toms, an alumnus from local Mt. 

armel High, led both teams in 
kills with 18. Diana Klintworth led 
the Tritons in kills with 12. 

INTERNATIONAL 
POLITICS AND 
ECONOMICS FORUM 
PRESENTS: 

PROFESSOR 
SANFORD LAKOFF 

"Democracyand 
its Prospects" 

Thursday, October 19, 
Spm, MAAC 413-2 

Admission: Free 

Monday, October 16, 1989 

, 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the elltry on an 8 112" by 

J J" piece of IJapcr along with YOllr 
name. year ill school. "ometowlI, 
college YOIt attend at UCSD. major. 
address, and phone number 10 Sports 
Editor, UCSDGliardian, 8-016,La 
Jolla. CA 92093. Yqu can also drop 
it off illihe sports editor's box at tIle 
Guardian office. located on lire 
second floor of the Old Stlldent 
Center across from the gym. 

• All UCSD students. staff, and 
faCility are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and em-
ployees of 8}'s Chlr.ago Pir.uri4 

• The person who comes up with 
the m OSI correct answers. as deter-
mined by the judgts, will be de-

Scores 
'& 

Stats ..• 

dared Ihe grand pri!e winner and 
will be recognized when Ihe qui: is 
printed the fol/owing week. In Ihe 
evenr ofa rie, a drawing will be held 
rodelermine Ihe [lrandprize winner. 
Those correCI entries not selected as 
rhe grand pri;e winner will be con-
sidered runners-up. 

• Only one entry per person. per 
wuk. Entries mllSl be at the Gllard-
ian by.5 p.m. Satllrday. 

• rhe gra'1d prize winner will re-
ceive two $5 gift ce,rtijicates from 
81's. RunnerS-lip "0" obtain a free 
pitcher of Michelob Draft or soda 
when dining at 8}'s Chicago Piut-
ria, located ill La 10110 Village 
Sqllare. 

This week's questions: 
L How many stolen bases did 

Rickey Henderson get in this year's 
American League playoffs? 

2. What A's player was the 
MVP of the 1988 All-Star Game? 

3. What posi tion did former 
Giant Jim Barr play? 

4. What former A's owner has 
the nickname "Charlie O?" 

5. Kevin Mitchell originally 
hails from what city? 

6. What major league learn did 
Dave Kingman first come up with? 

7. What Giants pitcher broke 

l.VCSDI19 
9.USIU34C 

• UCSD qulllifying finishers: 
I. (l4cFayden 17:55 
2. ConIay 17:59 
21. Jensen 18:47 
SI. Tones 19:43 
54. Rodtelt 19:45 

Cross Country 
Cal Poly San I.uis 
ObiSJlO loviwjonal 
Mea · 

Soecer 
Mal 

, 
1. Cal StaIIlM AII&*s 53 
1. Cal St. F1IIIertoII ~ 
3.CaI.,.-, ...... 143 
4.tJCSDW 
7.S. ... StMeZU 
14.lJSIU4!J8 

- lqD qualifyins fiaisbeI'r. 
7. Fox 25:21 

Grand Canyon Tournament 
UCSJ)l 
Colorado College 1 
, - UCSD ~ AIbenJ. Rommel 

,. Howard 'UC$D 0 (01') 

10- WIbb 2.5:33 
18. !;lora ~:52 WOIMI ' 
4CS. Wynn 26:"34 tJCSD 4 ~ttadfic' 
65. Klnaey 27:00. 

Womep 

, ~.:ucsoJCl*- PlIo, ~ .' 
~(l) 

c.lsa. D • . iapecB •• 
ucs» ... ,. 1. c.J ..., SL'O (8) III , 

. . 
... 

... ~. -.. -.. 
...... • ... ti_ 
. ........... ..... 

-~.-.. _--
......... -- -
...... "-' --.... 

~lAi~ 
~PFliCII 

~d~ata~~~ J/uvui,lk-
fNl/~ ku;.,cut. @~F~' 
ku.«-~at~~~,. 

Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21.00 
Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad 
WIth: Yvonne, Koren. NIcole 

"PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo. 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Reg. $26.00 

, 

The UCSD Guardian 

his arm twice this year after bat-
tling back from cancer surgery? 

8. What city did the Giants 
play in before their move to San 
Francisco? 

9. What is the official name of 
the place where the A's play their 
home games? 

10. Who scored the goals for 
UCSO's undefeated women's soc-
cer team on Friday aftemoon? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Will Clark. 
2. Tony Gwynn (NL) & Kirby 

Puckert (AL) 
3. TheSuperdome, ewOriean 
4. Cleveland Indians 
S. Larry Sac knoff, Channel 10 
6. Soccer 
7. An Shell 
8. Rickey did not attend college 
9. Brad Gilben 
10. Roger Webb 

Last week's winner: 
Oscar Canedo 
Senior, Revelle 
Anthropology 
National City, CA 

Runner-up: 
Jim Roberts 

Women's Volleyball 
William and Mary d. UCSD 
IS-IO, 15-12,15-8 

- Klintworth (15 kills) 

Men's Water Polo 
UCSD 17 Chamlnade 4 
UCSD 13 Cal SL L.A. 3 

UCLA Bruin CUI> 
VCSD.7 
Loyola MarJaouDt 5 

UCLA I UCSD4 
. 

UCSD RECORDS 
& RANKINGS 

li: 1. 1: = 
Soccer (M) 8 3 3 
Soccer (W) 11 1 0 2nd 
Volleyball (W) 15 10 0 3rd 
Water Polo (M) 13 11 0 8th 

SPORTS 23 

The UCSD IntramnI Depnnant would liM to inroclIaI and fIri a new ~ to our 
pragrill1. The fotmer Budweiser 'T e.n 01 The Wee!( has been pidIed up by 1haI grill little 
Italian guy who maIIes those great sandwiches at the PrIce c.r... none other thIr1 ZIP i1t 
,.,., 01 the ,_ Tummy e.- (Bet you can' eat mote than one at a~) 

We are IooIdng 10I'dd to working with Zip and will as uuI be on i1t IociNM for I8ams 
wmhy 01 the great honor 01 becor1Wlg the ZIPS IIhILnI Team 01 The WeIll What does ~ 
.. to become the Zips T earn 01 The Week? Who "'-7 &y 0/1 Zip, Buy 0/1 the 1M Direc· 
tDII, Be • good 111m, haw • great 1IIItudI, grllllIlIeI. Who ~I 

But i1t ZipI Team 01 The Week will as '*III be Ieabnd fNfIIY week and 01 COIne make 
__ 01 you out there inItII1tIy lamous II over C8I11JUI. NIo. as has been a nicllealure in 
.,. .. Zip will be IUPIIIYinIJ Hlirts to II 01 the winnIII 01 thillne.-d. 

BIohIzanIe.Roor Hocbr 
The 1inI_ wimer 01 the ZipllnInmnf T..n is a Un thai is one thai has been !lying 

for the Team 01 The Week award 101 a decade. The Biohazards. That's righllen years b-
gecher as the SII11818arn. WeI. they linally went out and..ned the award. Traiing 6-0 ... 
0lIl period In Floor Hoc:Iwy they came beck with a wngence, and an eye on i1t ZipI award. 
and sexed 10 ~ goals to win lo.i!. Awesome!l 

Congrals on a decade 01 exceUance and the IirsllYfl1' Zips Team 01 The Week award!l 

the best crust & qualitY 
-. TOSSED SALAD $ J .95 

ITALIAN SUBS $2.75 
" .. xC:; " , ',' .; 

-r- . w.. .... , , , ' 

'DEL".MAR PIZZA· 
,:...: ,,~. ... "M"%~ , 

< : <, ~;? ~+~><~1:;, {" '" ';'- . 
Open everyday 

11 a.m .• l0 p.m. 
211 15th Street in Del Mar 

a few doors from the beach, 
across from post office 481-8088 

BICYClES 
----GIAIVT 

..r ' r /IIIQHT 

all purpose bike for men and 
women 
Marin-mountain bikes 
T!IIY Ceorgena-precision bicycles 
for women 

.special Anancing and discounts for students 

.SERVICE • ACCESSORIES • RENTALS 

Join our Pro Peace Bigde Club 
for information call.4-5-P-E-A-C-E 

690.4 Miramar Rd. 695-2.400 
-




