
• OPINION ... 4 
• FEATURES .... 10 OPINION 

• SPORTS .......... 20 
• CLASSIFIEDS ......... 19 
• BLOOM COUNTY ....•.... 2 

Satanic Verses: 
The Debate Goes On 

Softball Sweeps La Verne 
In Home Opener 

UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1989 VOLUME 66, #18 

/acocca, Cavazos Speak 

National Leaders Assess 
U.S. Education System 

By CATHERI E DILLE 
Guardian Inrern 

A San Diego meeting of the 
National Education Association 
o er the weekend brought togeth-
er national leader of business. 
education, and government to dis-
cuss the theme of "Education and 
the ew Economy" and the edu-
cational deci ion confronting the 
United tates in the global econ-
omy. 

Key speakers at the meeting 
were Chrysler Chairper on Lee 
lacocca and U.S. Education Sec-
retary Lauro F. avazo . 

Wyatt Rosenlal l Guardian 
Chrysler Chairperson Lee lacocca addressed a group of 600 educators over the weekend at a meeting of 
the National Education Association In San Diego. 

lacocca cited low p\lblic esteem 
for the teaching profe sion a part 
of the American educational prob-
lem. He aid that he hoped the 
$500,000 Chrysler Corporation 
grant he pre ented to the ational 
Board for Profes 'ional Teaching 

A.S. Council Proposes Measure to 
Streamline Constitutional Changes 

tandards (NBPT ) at Friday's 
pres conference would help that 
organization in it plan to rai e 
public awarenes and upport for 
educators through it voluntary 
certification program for elemen-
taryand econdary chool teach-
er . By POR CHE SHANTZ 

Slqff Wriler 

The A. . council voted Wed-
nesday to place a proposal on the 
A. ballot which, if approved by 
tudent , would streamline the 

proce s of amending the 
A U D onstitlltion. 

Implementation of the prop-
o al would be accompli hed by 
means of an amendment to the 
A.S. Con titution which would 
allow up to three amendment to 
that document in a single election. 

Currently, o nly one uch amend-
ment is permitted. 

"I don't like [the proposed 
amendment] ," A.S. Pre ident 
Maynard Dimmesdale said. " I 
feel that it allows for a manipula-
tion of government by the Coun-

il without sufficient student in-
put. 

"Everyone i aware that thc 
[A.S.] on titution i!> terribl out-
dated and needs to be amended," 
Dimme 'dale continued, "but if I 
were a regular student, I would 
look at this a a mall goup of 
people trying to gain too much 
influen co" 

But. according to .S. Gradu-
ate. tudent Representative Paul 

yka mp . a co-au thor of the 
amendment. no one on the oun-
cil hm come up with an:. other 

hange~ that \\ould impro've the 
amending pro 'e,~ more than this 
one . 

" I here arc a hunch of thing!> 
wrong \\ith the [ .S . Con!>titu-
tion]. hut right nO\\ it\ almo.,t 

impo ible to get thing fixed," 
ykamp said . "Thi am'!ndment 

ju t make it easier to propose 
changes. It does not ncces arily 
make it easier to obtain them." 

The A. . Con titution currently 
allows the proposal of three 
ame ndment per year, but only 
one per election, Eykamp said. 

"For three amendment to be 
propo ed each year, pecial elec-
tion would have to be held and 
that can get very expensive," 
Eykamp aid. "I think it will be 
better for students if they have 
three amendment to vote on at 
once." 

"Nothing ays more about the 
decline of American education 
than what ha happened to the 
pre tige of classroom teaching in 
thi country." lacocca said . "The 
bigge t difference between Ameri-
can and Japane e schools may 
not be the te t score , but the fact See CONSTITUTION, page 3 

~Bidding War 'for Ph.D.s to Begin 
By STEVEN M. M A RKOWITZ 
The Daily Californian 

BE RK ELEY - A na tionwide land lide of 
retiring professor and a cutth roa t bidding war 
for the brightest Ph. D.s ha begun. 

A the battle for new facu lty rages, the office of 
UC Pre ident David P. Gardner has approved 
waiving the $84,000 salary ca p for over 100 of the 
nine-campus system' 8,000 profe or. 

orne profe sor earn ix-digit alarie, accord-
ing to UC A ociate Vice Pre ident for Academic 
Affairs Calvin Moore. 

D uring the late 1950 and I 960s, univer itie 
such a U Berkeley tenured a record number oi 
profes or . 

As the profe 'ors reach retirement age between 
now and the year 2000. univer ities a ross the 
nation are bidding fiercely for the brighte t new 
doctorate, Berkeley ngli h department 

hair Ann Middleton said , 
"Clearl . there will be \er top-rate people who 

ha\ e three or four universities after them , 
Berkeley Provost of the Profe ional , chool and 

ollege Jud on King aid . 
BerJ...elc b a key player in the bidding 

war ' , maJ...ing offerll to man top cholars. 
" We're competitive." King said. "[but] we don't 

bat a thousand ." 
Facing the prospect of earning low wage and 

competing for few openings in academia in the 
late 1960 and throughout the 1970s, the mo t 
talented Ph . D.s opted to enter the private ectol. 
Midd leton aid . 

"Many of my brighte t tudents, halfwa 
through their Ph .D .s said' crew thi . I'm going 
to be a lawyer:" he aid. 

"We're looking at t he end product of decision 
made 10 to 15 years ago," Middleton added. 

While the UC's plan call for hiring 4 0 new 
faculty member during the 19 -89 academic 

ear. the Univer it will probably be able to hire 
only 400 because "it' a very competitive market," 
Moore aid . 

By the ear 2005, the ni ersit will need to 
hire 700 new fa ult member each ear in order 
to keep with faculty retirement and growth of 
the student popUlation. Moore said , 

As competition to hire new faculty in rea e ' . 
"nationally ... salaric will be higher," KlIlg ~aid . 

Field in whi h umpetiti n among univer i-
ties i parti ularl inten e (engineering, busine '!' 
admini tration and omputer science) merit a 
!>Iightl higher salar scale, King said . 

sso iate profe~ ' or are hired at a minimum 
alar), of J ,000. while the minimum alary for a 

ee Ph.D.s. page 3 

that teacher ' in Japan are revered 
and honored, while teacher in 
thi country are regarded as ju t 
another public employee group." 

In his addre s,lacocca aid the 
product of the American educa-
tional y tern i!> falling behind the 
foreign competition. pecificall. 
in the area of math and science . 

"We have got a huge take in 
our schoob and it' frustrating to 
sit on the side-line and see our 
kids fall behind theotherstudents 
in many other countrie ," lacocca 
aid . 

.. ixty percent of the engineer-
ing Ph .D. granted from Ameri-
can universitie go to foreign tu-
dent, tudent who take that 
knowledge back home and then 
beat our brain out in the market-
place." he continued . 

lacocca aid that at present , 
ind u try pend more money 
teaching remedial math than all 
of the high chools and colleges 
combined spend on math educa-
tion. 

He then told the 600 educator 
pre ent at the meeting that Ameri-
can tudents' lack of chola tic 
competivene will have erou 
implication for the United tate' 
economic future. Howe er, thi 
problem cannot be '01 ed by 
pending more money, lacocca 
aid, but only by pending current 

funds more efficiently. 
"We wi ll pend in thi countr 

$328 billion on education thi 
year," the Chry ler chairperson 
aid. "That's more than an other 

public ervice including national 
defense, which is only at about 
$300 billion." lacocca added. 

lacocca condemned low tan-
dard in education that allow tu-
dent to pas from one grade level 
to another without mastering 
the proper kill . He labeled the 
practice of pa sing ill-prepared 
tudents to higher levels "mal-

practice" and aid that uch con-
duct Hi no different than the ur-
geon who ew you up with a 
sponge till in ide." Po itive 
change in the American educa-
tional y tern mu t occur in the 
cia room. he aid. 

lacocca al 0 poke out again t 
the disproportionate amount of 
mone that i pent on ad mini -
tration of the nation' educational 
sy 'tem. 

"There are lightly more admi-
ni trative and upport per ' onnel 
in education toda than there are 
cia ' r om teacher, and the g"p i 
growi ng wider every year." he 

~aid. 
The hr ler chairper on fin-

i hed hi addre ~ b empha!>iling 
again the imp rtance of ele ating 
public e teem for the teaching 
profc sion. a ing that "pa ing 

See CONFERENCE. page 7 



I~ UC NEWS 
UCLA Muslim Students 
Denounce Khomeini 's Orders 

LOS A GELES - The UCLA Muslim tudents 
Association on Feb . 15 cen ured Ayatollah Kho-
meini for ordering Moslems to kill the controversial 
author Salman Rushdie. 

"We condemn Khomeini's call for the author's 
murder and anyone who proposes violence," said the 
group's president , Ahmed Nasser. 

The Ayatollah ha ordered Moslem to kill Ru h-
die, Ihe author of The SaTanic Verses. The title refers 
to verses which Mohammed removed from the 
Koran. I lam's hoi) book . believing they had been 
inspired by the devil. 

Many Moslem have denounced the book as blas-
phemous and insulting 10 their religion . 

The author is now in hiding and has canceled a 
peech he was 10 deliver al UCLA March 8. 

The student group supports the author's right 10 
free ex pre ion despite the book's content. Na sef 
aid. 

The group al 0 sup pons the right of those offended 
by the novel to hold peaceful prote t, Nassef aid. 

The association itself has no prOlest or demonstra-
tion plans. he aid . 

- Cameron haw, Dai~\' Bruin 

Director of Affirmative Action 
For UC System Appointed 

RIVER IDE The UC Office of the President 
has appointed Carmen A. Estrada to fill the newly 
formed position. director of affirmative action. She 
was chosen from among approximately 200 candi-
date after a nationwide search. 

Estrada. a Lo Angele attorney and city planning 
commissioner. will report directl) to . enior Vice Pre -
ident for Administration Ronald W. Brady. She ",ill 
have respon ibility for ystemwide policie and pro-
grams that directly promote the representation of 
minorities and \\omen III the University'S management 
and ,taff per,onnel ",ork force . 

Brady noted that the formation of a director hip 
for affirmative action wa, a key objective of UC Pres-
ident David P. Gardner's recent call for the universi-
ty's nine campus chancellors and hi, ,enior \ ice prc,i-
dent~ to join in a greater effort to increa e the 
participation of underrepresented minoritie, and 

€XC{)5e Me IN 7H€Ke , 
SIR _ I .JUST Pl/f?CHl/Sfp 

1HfIT f'RCPeI<'{Y. 

• (l£/jf( ePITCf? . 
T THINK WOMeN WHO 
we-I!!{ W MI/CH MIIK£f1JP 
LOOK 1185Ot.UT£t.Y 

...-_~~60fliY. 
- 1. Of'1/5 
/ 

women within the university community. 
Estrada has dedicated her I O-year career to public 

advocacy. primarily representing poor people and 
Hispanics in areas of educational and employment 
civil rights . 

She will assume her duties on April I, super i ing a 
staff of nine and over eeing a budget of over $1 
million. 

UC Students Declare 'War' on 
Problems of Racism and Sexism 

ACRA M E TO Student representative from 
eight of the nine UC campuses unified and declared "a 
war on in titutional racism, sexism a nd lack of stu-
dent participation in joint governance within the UC 
system" at a press conference in Sacramento on 
Monday. Feb. 27 

The students were all taking part in the 18th annual 
legislative conference spon ored by the UC and Cali-
fornia tate Student Association . The UC student 
representatives ci ted lack of support and absence of 
retention programs for people of color as well as 
other reasons for their declaration of "war". 

In hopes of eliminating these conditions representa-
tive from eight of the nine UC campuses, excluding 
the all-graduate UC an Francisco campus, outlined 
eight demands for UC officials. 

Their demands include : 
• The implementation of a two-course ethnic and 

gender tudies requirement al all UC campuses, as 
well a UC recognition of ethnic a nd gender studies 
by the establishment of new departments for each at 
every campus. 

• Fair access to admission for all student focusing 
on the elimination of the biases toward any racial 
groups. 

• The allocation of time and resources toward 
retaining and graduating stude nts of color. 

• A commitment to achieving an ethnically diverse 
faculty through the awarding of tenures to deserving. 
faculty members. 

• A redefining of academic excellence through the 
placement of value on non-traditional research, espe-
cially on ethnic and gender i sue. 

• Proof of UC divestment from corporations 
doing busi ness in South Africa . Although the UC 
Regents agreed to divest from that country in the 
summer of 19 6, there is currently no proof of such 
actions, according to the students' statement. 

tudent~ 10 leadership at a number of the campuses 
are showing <u pport for the dem::.nds by scheduling 
teach-ins, hunger strikes. support for the hunger strikes 
taking place at UCSB, and contact with local govern-
ment representatives. 

by Berke Breathed 
.,...-...-~~ 

" I/Nfl I'LL 
f'R{}tri/:J£ MJT 1lJ :;PIT 

HI/If( {Mt.t5 ~ Yt\1K 
CL£!1VII&€ ./ 
WHIIPYII S/lY? 

\ 

14" SPOTLIGHT 1 
Samuel Goldwyn Writing Competition 
Open to All UC Undergraduates 

All currently enrolled UC students a re eligible for 
the Samuel Goldwyn Writing Competition for the 
theatre, film and TV. 

The writing competi tion involves original writing 
of either a full-length dramatic three-act stage play, a 
feature length screenplay, or a one-hour teleplay. 

Prizes include $5,000 for first place, $2,500 for 
second and $1,000 for third. En tries will be accepted 
from April 24 - May 26. 

A panel of industry professionals will read all sub-
missions. rinal judging will be done by a panel com-
po ed of prominent industry figures . The awards will 
be presented by the Samuel Goldwyn Foundation. 

For more information on the exact details of the 
competi li o n students may write to the Dean, College 
of Fine Arts, UCLA, A265 Murphy Hall, Los 
Angeles, CA 90024-1427. 

I UCSDINFO 
Student Rally Protesting Ogden On 
Revelle Plaza at Noon Tuesday 

A student rally to protest the activities at the Ogden 
Environmental Services Faci lity will be held on 
Revelle Plaza tommorrow at noon. The rally will be 
followed by a march to the Ogden toxic waste inci n-
erator. Ed Gorham, a aval Health Research center 
employee, will speak at the rally which was organized 
by the Wildernes Club and supported by other 
environmental group. 

Women's Resource Center to Bring 
Feminist Angela Davis to Campus 

Prominent Feminist Angela Davis will be speaking 
on campus Friday evening. Davis. a former UC pro-
fes or, is well known for her work with the women's 
liberation movement. 

The Women's Resource Center will be sponsoring 
this free event titled, "Women's Empowerment; 
Approaching the 21st Century." The lecture, part of 
the Women's Scholar's Lecture series. will be held at 7 
p.m. in Third Lecture Hall , Room 107. 

Lights & Sirens 
Selected entries/rom the VCSD police activit}' log 
book for the period February 25 through March I 

Saturday, February 25 
• 11 :00 p.m .: A 1987 Toyota, driven by a student, 

collided head-on into a street sign on Scholars 
Drive by Lot 101. 
Sunday, February 26 
• 5:00 a.m.: Three non-students were arrested in 
Lot 102 by Third College, after police recovered a 
1986 Honda Accord that they allegedly sto le two 
days earlier. 
Tuesday, February 28 
• 12:30 p.m.: A contractor reported the theft of 

copper wire valued at $26,000 from the Molecular 
Biolgy Building construction site. 
• 3:30 p.m .: An unknown suspect reported ly 

grabbcd a student by the arm near the dumpsters 
in Lot 104 at Revelle College. The suspect ned 
after Ihe victim screamed. 

Wednesday, March I 
• 9:00 a .m. : The UC Regents rcported the theft of 

an Ericsson phone from Room 2203 of the Basic 
Science Building. Estimatcd loss: $90. 
• 10:30 a .m. : The C Regents reportd the theft 

of a computer disk drive, typcwrit er and answer-
ing machine from MAAC 71 1. Es timated loss: 
$2.027. 

For the Week: 
7 parking permits were stolen or lost. 

A student attcmpting suicide in the earl morn-
ing of Feb. 25 wa, transported to County Mental 
Hcal th after police Intervened to' prcvenl hi~jump­
ing from Tiog<J Hall. 

-Compiled by Kenneth Jensen 

TlU) UC D Guardian 

RESTAURANT 
atop tbe Summer House Inn 

.. . Proudly announces the Guardian's February 

NEWS STORY OF THE MONTH 
The News Story of the Month is a competition within the Guardian News Department 

sponsored by local merchants to reward excetlence in the Guardian's news reporting. 

" Awarded this month to: 

REBEKAH YOUNG for her February 
13th article on a Tijuana assault 
victim's plea for witnesses. The story 
included comprehensive coverage of 
incidents occurring in different legal 
jurisdictions and was marked by 
diverse source research. 

RESTAURANT 
atop the SUlnmer House Inn 

" .In recognition of her 
outstanding work, we 
gladly invite Rebekah and 
her guest to Elario's where 
they will dine compliments 
of the house. 
CONGRATULATIONS 

REBEKAHI 
7995 La Jolla Shores Dr . • La Jol la • 459 - 0541 

Come explore all the opportunities 
possible at the Price Center U C S D 
Representatives from the Price Center 
Staff will be on hand to provide 
information on various University 
positions available, some of which 
include: 
• 'Event Assistants 
• Housekeeping Assistants 
• Maintenance Helpers 
• Information Assistants 
• Gomes Area Assistants 
• Stage Helpers 
• Student House Managers 
• Computer Information Assistants 

NEWS 

Ph.D.s 
Continued from pace I 
full professor is $46, 100. But a full 
profe sor may be offered more 
money according 10 department 
needs and the expereince of the 
candidate being offered a posi-
tion, Moore said . 

Associate professo rs are hired 
at a minimum sa lary of $38,300, 
while the minimum salary for a 
full professor is $46, 100. But a full 
professor may be offered more 
money according to department 
needs and the experience of the 

candida te being offered a posi-
tion , Moore aid . 

In order to urvive in sueh for-
midable and intense competition, 
UC Derkeley sometimes offers 
desirable doctorates the Level 2 
wage. which pays $33,700 as a 
starting salary. The Level I start-
ing salary is el at $32,400. 

UC Berkeley has "to run and 
catch up with ... the good, big 
chools in recruiting junior fa-

culty," Middleton said. 
Schools such as Duke Univer-

isty, Ihe University of Chicago 
and the University of Michigan 
are fiercely competing for fresh 

Mom/a 1'. iI1orl'h6. 1989 3 

new doctorates in English, Mid -
dleton said. 

Becau e UC Berkeley promotes 
from within, movingjuniorfaculty 
to tenured positions, it has a dis-
tinct edge in the recruiting race 
for junior faculty, Middleton said. 

The UC Berkeley tenure track 
is part of a systemwide effort to 
allow assistant professors the op-
portunity to become full profes-
sors . 

CONSTITUTION--

A sistant professorhsipsat such 
prestigious institutions as Har-
vard, Yale. and Princeton Uni-
versity, where faculty members in 
such positions do not move up, 
are "a dead end." Middleton said . 

But the tenure track system 
also has its disadvantages, Mid-
dleton said, becau e the same 
institutions that do not promote 
from within are trying to steal UC 
Berkeley's professors. who have 
gained valuable experience while 
rising in the ranks. 

Continued from page I 
But Dimmesdale feels that a 

number of cha nges need to be 
made in the Conslitution and said 
that a constitutional convention. 
rather than an amendment pro-
cess, would be a bettcr way to fix 
the problems with the document. 

Other Council members , how-
ever. feel that a constitutional 
convention may not be continued 
by future councils, considering 
that the whole process may take 
two years. 

"Since we can't have a conven-
tion, then this is probably the 
closest we can get," said Molly 
McKay, co-author of the amend-
ment and Revelle fresh per on sen-
ator. 

According to Eykamp. the 
Council never voted on Dimme -
dale's proposed consti tutional 
convention. put forth earlier thi 
year, because the A.S. President 
withdrew hi proposal before a 
vote was taken. 

The A.S. also voted 13-2-1 last 
Wednesday to allow tudents to 

PRICE CENTER 

Tuesday, March 7, 1989 
10:00 am - 3:00 pm 

Come to the Career Center 
and 

follow the balloons to the Fair 
Refreshments served 

, 

answer the question. "Do you feel 
that our chancellor has adequately 
administered the UCSD campus 
with the best interests of UCS D 
undergraduate students in mind?" 
in a referendum to be placed on 
the spring ballot. 

At this Wednesday's meeting, 
the Council will decide whether 
or not to ask the student body, 
through a referendum. If it feel s 
that a co n titutional convention 
is necessary to amend the current 
A.S. Constitution. 

"Because we raise our own. 
we're having our middle ranks 
raided." Middleton said. 

She attributed this to the "dead 
end" track. in which assistant pro-
fessors are "thrown away." leav-
ing the univcrsities in need of 
"ex perienced professors with 
classroom experience." 

In addition, representatives from the 
following vendors will be available to 
provide information on employment 
opportunities with their organizations: 

Chung King Loh 

ExpressoRoma 

A Taste of the Past 

Round Table Pizza 

Taco Bell 

Wendy's 

Zip's Tummy Buster 



4 i1(lIIdal, I/ard,6, 1989 

_______ O __ P!~~O~N--____ __ 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

JOHN SHAW, Editor in Chief 
LARA MJHATA, Managing Edilor 
SETH SLATER, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

I he (i llor(J/on IS pubh"'hed t\tiICt Iol. cd .l) at the Unl\erslt~ ofCaliform3. ~an ()u~go 
Co Htnb ~ 192'19 \ I~Wll e\.pre~lIed hrrclIl are nOI nt:~ .... anl) Ihru.t 01 the UC Board 01 

Rcgrnts. the ASUCSD or the entire Guardlon staff 

Co-ops Deserve Support 
The attempt by the co-ops to place a referendum on the 

pring ballot to e tablish a separate board to govern the "old" 
Student Center was attacked by University Center Board Com-

. mi sioner Evan Weisenfeld as an attempt to create "a seif-
er ing board ." 

Maybe so. But since the co-op members are students, this isn't 
a bad idea - thought serving the goals of students rather than 
the administra tion is certainly a unique idea, tudent pay 
$37 .50 a quarter for the student centers, and setting $10.50 of 
that aside for the use of the "old" Student Center - to be 
renamed "Student Cooperative Center" if the co-ops propro al 
i implemented - is not out of line. 

The adminstration has never been very happy with the co-ops. 
If the referendum does pass, Weisenfeld aid he would recom-
mend that the administration ignore it. This is another outrage-
ou attempt to ignore students' wishes. Co-ops provide services 
at reasonable prices, and give co-op members excellent expe-
rience in being part of a cooperative effort. 

Students should ign the peitition to put the referendum on 
the ballot, vote for it, and insist that the admin tration imple-
ment it. 

What are the Standards? 
An ad for Time magazine la t year said something like "When 

all the other publications were ju t reporting the scandal, Time 
realized the largest iss ue was ethics." 

This is nonsense, of cour e; last year it was hard to walk past a 
newsstand without eeing the word "ethics" several times. Busi-
ne s schools began to add or expand ethics classes, and ethics 
became an issue in the pre idential campaign - with then Vice 
President Bush pledging to make it a priority in his adminis-
tration. 

But the is ue really isn't ethics - it is even larger than that. 
The rules of acceptable behavior, both past and present , are 
undergoing constant revision , Thi leaves journalists uncertain 
what to playas "scandal" on page one and what to bury at the 
back of the section; public figures bewildered and defensive; and 
the public annoyed and omewhat dazed. 

The presidential campaign defined a few boundaries: outside 
the lines were womanizing (Hart) and plagiarism (Biden). But 
the lines were still fuzzy, and were made even worse by the 
difficulty in proving allegations. Thus, accusations of dodging 
combat (Robertson and Quayle), anti-semitism (Jack on) , and 
pandering to lobbyists (Bentsen) all failed to deliver knock-out 
blows, and only added to the confusion. Perhaps the strangest 
example is John Sasso, Dukakis's campaign manager. who was 
forced to resign because of his role in the "attack video" on 
Joseph Biden, but who was brought back later in the campaign 
when George Bush' campaign had raised such political dirty 
tricks to a new level. 

If the standards for candidates are vague, the standards for 
federal nominees are even more ill-defined. Smoking marijuana 
in one's youth disqualifies one for the Supreme Court (though if 
one was an undergrad in the '60s, one ca n still be president - as 
Babbitt and Gore showed when their admission caused a little 
stir.) . More recently, we've seen the drug czar ap pointee, Wil-
liam Be nnett, promise to break his nicotine addiction; Jack 
Kemp, the housing and urban development secretary designate, 
promise to return some illegal contributions; and Louis Sulli-
van , Bush's choice for secretary of health and human services, 
change his position on abortion at least twice. 

None of this compares with the spectacle of John Tower 
twisting in the wind , of course. Attacked as a womanizer and an 
alcoholic (charges that are almost certainly true) , his nomination 
is unlikely - but the vote will likely be split along party lines, 
leaving the question of appropriate conduct still unresolved . 

The worst part of all of this is that the standards of conduct are 
not being defined by the public, but rather by the media and 
politicians . The clearer cases - that a habitual plagiarizer 
should not be president , or an alcoholic secretary of defense 
- are rare . The hazier issues, such as whether members of 
Congress should accept honoraria, lie unresolved . 

How clean does a person have to be to work in government? 
Time magazine doesn't tell us and ethics cia ses offer no solu-
tions. In a democracy, every indi vidual must make his or he r 
own decision. 

FEIFFER 

I', " ~ 
-1 · ....... __ .......... 

Private Life 
is Not News 
Editor: 

Porsche Shantz's article, 
"Hypnotist Attacked at Campus 
Performance," (Guardian, Mar. 
2) bothered me. The young man 
In the story, Jonathan Goldstein, 
knows he was wrong in taking out 
his anger through physical vio-
lence . He wa~ upset because he 
thought Dr. Dean was humilia-
tinga nd embarrassing his friends . 
His actions were unjustified , yet 
in the article , Shantz did not 
simply report the story as it hap-
pened . 

I understand that a newspaper 
uch a the Guardian is re pon i-

ble to the public to report the 
fact. yet it seem that in this case 
it went beyond that. Shantz even 
quoted Blue Robbins when he 
said "the situation has been 
handled." But Shantz went fur-
ther and began discussing Gold-
stein's private life, including his 
psychological history. Mentioning 
that Goldstein is taking medica-
tion for depression was not appro-
priate in the article. Jonathan 
Goldstein is not a public figure 
and doesn't deserve to have his 
character analyzed, 

Yes, Goldstein vio lated the stu-
dent conduct codes, and perhaps 

Guardian reader would want to 
know the motive behind suc h vio-
lent behavior. Perhaps his actions 
were spurred on by psychological 
stress, but to go so far as to ay 
"Goldstein ... has been in contact 
with Psychological Counseling 
Services," is too far. This is not 
our business. Goldstein obviously 
offered this mformation in an 
interview, but does it really belong 
in this story? 

Even though Goldstein stated 
that he doesn't "mind people 
knowing about it." I don't think 
all the information offered in the 
article was necessary for the reader 
to get a clear picture of what went 
on that evening. 

The article was supposed to 
cover a news event, not Gold-
stein 's past emotional problems. 
Stating the facts is one thing, but 
delving in to someone's pri ate, 
personal life is not what I consider 
new. 

Heather Gold 

Doctor Dean 
is a Quack 
Editor: 

I'm writing to you about Dr. 
Michael Dean, the hypnotist who 
recently appeared at Muir Col-
lege. He is the world's greatest 
QUACK , not the world's greatest 
hypnotist. His show and advertis-
ing contained liberal amount of 
misinformation interspersed with 
bragging. 

Proof: the picture on his adver-
tising flyers was reprinted from a 
1964 Vanity Fair magazine! 0 
wonder he looks so much older in 
person. He said, during his show, 
that he has complete control over 
the people under hypnosis, which 
is totally false . I've been under 
hypnosis and I know that anyone 
can reject any sugge tion at any 
time if she or he choo es to do 
so. 

Dean also commented that 
people in hypnosis entered a 
"trance" and were unconscious, 
Thanks for more misinformation, 
Dr. Quack! People in hypnosis 
are EVER unconscious. To save 
space, l'Il list my other major 
complaints: 

I. Dean sent at leasllwo people 
who were deep in hypnosis back 
to their seats, without knowing 
their condi tion. 

2. Dean had people dancing 
around on stage - one guy twisted 
an ankle. He could have broken it 
instead . 

3. At the end of the show, he 
told those "subjects" that wanted 
to lose weight not to ea t "bread, 
potatoes, candy or anything bad ." 
Way to be specific, big guy! 

4. Dean i sexist. He could 
remember guys' names, but all the 
girls were " Honey," 

I hope this little letter will con-
vince the administration that Dr. 
Dea n is a quack , despite his thirty 
years experience, and I hope he 
isn't invited back . 

Ken Elison 

Enrron 
I~ 

- and that song does have meaning for me. I've 
been so many places, a nd I've met 0 many peo-
ple, and I've loved them all. , 

When I was a one-year-old, my father, an Air 
Force doctor, was transferred to Spain. We 
stayed there until I was five. I remember an 
extraordinary amount about Spain, and our 
vaca tions around Europe. Castles, Roma n ruins 
and so on are nestled somewhere in my brain , 

.~ 
Ilox 

In My Life 
By DAVID BURKHART 
Opinion Edilor 

There are places I'll remember 
All my life, though some have changed, 
Sume forever, not for beller, 
Some have gone and some rei/lOin. 
A II these places had their moments, 
With luvers anel friends I sliII call recal/, 
Sume are dead and some are living, 
III 111.1' life I've loved the/ll all, 

"In My Life," Lennon/ McCartney 

Judging by these "Editor- In-A-Box" columns, 
Guardian editors find a lot of inspiration in 
mu~ic . Either that , or they like quoting lyrics to 
take up space . Well , I'm not one to buck a trend 

But it is everyday life that hold s nostalgia for 
me, and much of that was spent with ou r maid , 
Paca , This was a different Spain in the late '60 ' 
and early '70s; not the industrializing EEC mem-
ber of today, so even people on Air Force sa laries 
could afford a maid and a gardener. Paca was 
peciaL 

She understood English. though shc couldn't 
speak it , and she cou ldn't understand it when I 
spoke it he was determined that I was going to 
learn Spanish , She cooked for me, yelled at me 
when I got into mischief, and explained things to 
me. 

She treated me with a loving gen tlene s. and 
she perhaps planted the seeds for my love of being 
the center of atte nt ion when she took me to the 
beauty hop and had me say profane things in 
Spanish to a crowd of Spanish maids , I didn't 
know what I was saying; I just knew it resulted in 

peal~ of laughter. I was a bit urpri cd when my 
father didn't react the same way; he yelled at Paca 

See LIFE, page 6 

rhl' {'C S 1) Gilu/(Iillll OPINION M OIll/al ', March 6, /989 5 

Commentary white guys talk about "the niggers and chi nks," 
Racism isn't dead, Fred . My point is simply that 

A N t R · until whites everywhere can grow up and get pa t wareness, 0 aClSm racism, it can't be swept underthecarpet. Until then, 
I can see nothing but good things reSUlting from 

By JEFFREY KILE recognition of every ethnic group that wants it. 
TypesellI!T You then mentioned that history professor Julie 

Fred , Fred , Fred . .. We hllve a small problem here. 
By the time I was done typesetting your article 
("Disguised Racism," Guardian, March 2) I was 
nauscous. I wish I could have saved you from your 
thoughts before they hit the paper. I can usually 
seem to stifle myself and keep my mouth shut. , .but 
not this time. Ergo, it is not entirely with or without 
regret that I now feel obliged to counter with a little 
public spew of my own. 

You began by asking if you're "actually living in a 
country where one must state one's ethn ic back-
ground before being hired [for a job)." You asked 
additionally if we live in "America in the 1980s or 
Nazi Germany." 

First off, Fred, there is no "must" involved. Self-
identification by race is always entirely voluntary. 

Secondly, it is used to further ethnically balance 
places like UCSD through this thing called affirma-
tive action. We have affirmative action because 
white people in America have had this amazing 
proclivi ty to exploit and subjugate ethnic minorities 
for about 250 years now. It has resulted in the dis-
gustingly hegemonic overpopulation of whites in 
just about every organization I can think of. I don't 
recall much along the lines of affirmative action in 
Nazi Germany. 

You continued on to moan about efforts to 
further define racial categories, You asked, "What 
legitimate purpose could more categories possibly 
serve?" Well , Fred, if you look closely you'll find 
that the people behind these efforts are members of 
the ethnic minorities themselves. They feel a legiti-
mate need to differentiate between their ethnicity, 
and yours, and mine. Isn't that their right? Orwould 
it be better to just play it safe: white and colored 
perhaps? 

Not everybody in this country i as open-minded 
and liberal as those who populate Southern Califor-
nia' college campuses. You seemed to imply, on the 
other hand, that if we just ignore ethnicity, it will go 
away. Been to the Midwest lately? Visiting relatives 
there recently I got the treat of listening to a couple 

Saville says "ethnicity is not a biological concept, 
but a social one." Well. Fred, for what it's worth, 
political science professor Arend Lijphart (a world-
renowned expert on ethnic conflict) says ethnicity is 
a social concept as 11'1'1/ as a biological one, 

That brings me to your next point. You criticized 
at length the new ethnic studies program at Third 
College. It seems to me that , if people are interested 
in learning about their ethnic background , one is out 
of place in criticizing. In your last umpteen years of 
school , how many whites have you learned about in 
history class? Lots, I'd wager. Now how many 
Pakistanis, Pacific Islanders, Latinos, etc.? 

The fact that these latter people might be sick and 
tired of hearing only about 'white' history subjects 
like Western European History (the on ly foreign 
history offe red at my public high school, as well as 
at many o thers) is perfectly valid . Don't they have a 
history, Fred? Brothers, sisters, mothers or fat hers 
in native lands to study about? 

You then "suppose our model society should be 
apartheid South Africa" because the ethnic studies 
program will explore "the differences and similari-
ties of all cultures." I fail to see the correlation 
between the whites' cruelty toward and exploitation 
of non-whites in South Africa a nd simply offering 
an in-depth studies program at UCSD. Again, you 
imply that the solution is not an effort to understand 
and appreciate, but to ignore. 

In addition, I fi nd your argument regarding 
"racially motivated violence" completely incoher-
ent. How in the hell can ethnic study exacerbate the 
problem? Are you suggesting that a studies program 
which stresses understanding and appreciation is 
bad? obody's forcing anybody to enroll, even 
though most people should . Ignorance is never the 
answer, Fred . 

Have you ever heard of the Harlem Renaissance? 
Before you went off on the nomenclature of "Black 
American Fiction," etc., did you consider the fact 
that , almost without exception, it's the ethnic artists 

See RACJ SM, page 6 

• Frl't' Prt'gnanl'l Tt'sting 
• Earll Pr('gllanl'l Testing 
• i'rt'gnann Termination 
• (;eJ1('ral or Local An('sth('~ia 
• \rroflJ~hll' Hirth Co1llrol 
• I)laf(lIn~b I{ Treatment 

or ~('\lIall\' 
Tran\llllttl'l1 lli\l';1\t,\ (STlh ) 

Call tht' CCl llege Line 
619'S3S' IP9 

fllr Sl11d t',lI OiS('IIUIlt 

Famil} Planning Associates 
Medil'al Grou p 

= (Hfiu'" n,rnuRhHUI ~HUlhtrn Califnrni3 

ATIE.NTION STUDENTS: THE ASUCSD IS 
LOOKING FOR GOOD MEN AND WOMEN!!! 

ARE YOU AMBmous? WOULD YOU UKE TO SEE CHANGES ON CAMPUS? DO YOU WANT TO GET INVOLVED? DO YOU WAI'IT YOUR VOICE TO BE 
HEARD? THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY: 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1989 ASUCSD SPRING ELECTIONS! 

FlUNG DATES: 

LAST DAY TO FILE: 
WHERE: 

POSITIONS AVAIlABLE: 

March 6th thru 10th, 13th & 14th 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 
April 3rd, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
In the A.S. Office, upstairs in Student Center 
(above EDNA) SEE PATIY! 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERSj 
A.S. President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 

COMMISIONERSj 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 

"A" 

Vice President External Affairs Public Relations 
Operations, Services & 
Enterprises 
University Center Board 

SENATORS; 
Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators for : Muir, Revelle, Third, 
Warren 
Sophomore Senator from Fifth College 

(FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT PAT1Y IN THE AS. OFFICE AT 534-4450) 

, 



6 MOllday, March 6, 1989 

Novel Stirs Anger 
Editor: 

Muslims are angry about the book 17,e So Ionic 
Verses by Salman Rushdie because of the slander it 
contains against, among other, prophets Muham-
mad and Abraham, peace be upon them. There are 
many books published and being published that 
criticize Islam, but stir no riots becau e Muslim do 
not fear opposition. We do, however, reject ba eless 
insults aimed at people we follow and respect, and 
aimed in turn at ourselves. 

Contrary to the picture painted for the pcople in 
the We t. the majorit y of Muslims also reject thc 
idea of entence without due process oflaw. alman 
Rushdie has been accu ed of slander, but is sen-
tenced todeath without being able to defend his work 
or hi idea in any trial. We cannot accept this 
sentencing, nor the encouragement of individual 
mercenaries to hunt him down. 

Let the critic of Islam print their arguments and 
evidence to oppo e our religion: we accept plural-

OPINION 

ism, but not criminal sla nder against our prophet. 
and others whom we respect. 

Yusuf aib 
Editor: 

This is in rega rd to the "Q & "section ( ua rdian 
Mar. 2) concerning the book. 17,e aranic Verses. 
This book doe~ not criticilC the Islamic religion on a 
literary and scholarly level. but ridicule it and 
mocks its prophets in a mo t derogatory manner. 

To all the advocate of "freedom of speech." I 
have a si mple question : "I using obscenities. blas-
phemy, against a faith, against a person (prophet 
Mohammed, peace be upon him), who is loved and 
respected and regarded in high es teem by a large 
section of the popUlation, considered as 'freedom of 
peech'!" 

If the answer to my question is "yes." then I can 
only lament. what else can one expect from a nation 
where pornography, X-rated films, strip joints and 
uch vices are legalized . I surmise all these vice are 

merely thought to represent the "freedom of speech 
and freedom of expression ." 

Saima Aidaz 

Racism 
Continued from page 5 
Ihemse/l'es who wanted their \\ ork 
c\a~ died as uch . 

And why shouldn't they? If 
people choose to acknowledge 
l/retr ethnicity and Iheir history, 
they should be allo~ed to do so 
without criticism - period . For 
in ta nce Fred , if) ou were a black 
1\ ruer In America II' ho could only 
associate with American whit~ 
peoplc whoexpJorted and ~howed 
) ou racial pre.! udlce. hOI\ much 
would vou want to ahgn) oun.elf 
with the l.and of the Free') 

I will agree with you on one 
point. "Racism and 'cthnic pride ' 
are nOI opposite "(myemphasi ). 
but that' a far a~ I can go. 
Racism implie~ superiorit} I s. in-
feriority. prejudice and discrimi-
nation . Ethnic pride means find-
ing \\orth or lalue in one\ racial. 
religious or cultural origin or 
background. You quite explicitly 
equate the til o. I find that a 
tra\'est y. 

on the co ment of his character." 
If. after my little sermon, you 
truly believe that Dr. King wa 
taking a stand against such 

notion~ as ethnic studies pro-
grams, I find you gravely mis-
taken, and suggest you enroll in 
one. 

I'lljump down off the soapbox 
no~ . 

Life And la~tI~. Fred . you quoted 
:>'1artln Luther King, Jr.'s state-
ment that a ma n hould be judged 
"not on the color of hI <'~ln. but 

Continued from page 4 
about it, but she had a ~ onderful 
lIay of lookmg contrite while at 

Display advertising deadline for the April3rd issue: 

MARCH 27th at 12 00 

t he same time her eyes were fi lied 
with laughter. 

I remember when we said good-
bye to her. We stood in the drive-
way, ready to leave for the airport 
and our return to the United 
States. Paca wanted me to kiss 
her goodbye, but I wa embar-

ras~ed to k iss her in front of eve-
rybody. Five-year-olds can do si lly 
things, a nd I still regret not kiss-
ing her. But shc mu t have known 
I loved her. I sti ll do . 

I changed school five times 
between th ird grade and high 
school, and I met a lot of people 
and left a lot of friends behind . I 
went to three different univer i-
tie for ummer school, and I 
attended Arizona State Univer-
sity before I tran ferred to UCS D. 
J t 's hard to keep up with old 
friend ; I don't write letters often, 
and long distance calls cOSt 
money. But I think about them, 
and I know I'll run into many of 
them again orne day. When I get 
together with old friends. I'm ur-
prised by how ea ily we lip back 
into our old friendships . 

When I went through the Grand 
Canyon. rafting the Colorado 
River . our first camp ite was near 
where Burt had died . There were 
a lot of stories a bout Burt. and it's 
hard to pin down whether they 
are true but if they aren't, they 
ought to be. Burt had spent his 
life on the Colorado. He'd been a 
gUIde through the Canyon, and 
he loved the river. When he got 
old. though, his grown children 
decided it \\ia~ time for him to 
retire, and fou nd a rest home for 
hIm . 

It was a nice place. but Burt 
llldn't lo\\! it he loved the riler. 
I he nver w a ,I part of him. and 
he (ou ldn't lea\\! it. So he made 

The UCSD Guardian 

himself another boat, left the 
home, and went back to run the 
rapid s again. He only made it 
a bout 25 miles before he hit a 
rock, a nd hi s broken boat still sits 
beside the river several miles fur-
ther on. His body was never found . 

I liked that story. I'm sure Burt 
didn't want to die, but ifhe had to 
die somewhere, I'm certain he 
would have wanted to die on the 
river. He live on there: whenever 
people lose something in the 
water, the guides say. "Well , Burt's 
got it." T he story stuck enough 
that I wrote a mediocre poem 
a bout it for my high school liter-
ary magazi ne, and here J am writ-
ing about it again. 

Maybe the rea on I like it is 
because I find it touching that 
Burt had thi ' place that was so 
much a part of him that he 
could n't tand to leave it. I find 
that powerful, but I don't particu-
larly understand it. All of those 
places I've been are a part of me; 
all the people I've met had some 
influence on who I am now. I like 
it that way - I'm an eclectic blend 
of so many different experiences 
that I feel an affection for diver-
sity. It's the amazing differences 
around the world , and in individ-
uals I know right now, which I 
love. 

I never kissed Paca goodbye; I 
never kissed a lot of people good-
bye or knew when I was Icaving a 
place what effect it had had on 
me. I've forgotten my Spani~h , 
but I won't forget what Spain 
mea nt to me, nor all tho,e other 
places and people. In thellonhof 
the Bcatle~ again , 
I knoll' I'li nel 'er lose aj(('clio lJ / 
For peuple alld lIuflgs lira I 1\'('1lI 
he/ure I k nOli I'll O(ll'I1 llOp and 
Ihillk ahOIll Ih£,111 

Q uaJity film and " 
film developing:;", 

ALL THIS WEEK 
AT ASSORTED VINY 

BUY ONE CD, LP OR CASS 
AND GET 1 ALBUM 
ABSOLUTELY FREE· 

OPEN 10 -4 M-F 
ALL CREDIT AND SPECIAL ORDERS 
WILL BE VOID AFTER MAR.10 

·while supplies last 
from labeled 

bin only 

at the 
University Books~Qre 

You receive a second set of 
color prints free every day! 

12 expo (24 print.) 
15 exp. (30 print •• 
24 .xp. (48 pIt.nt,) 
36 expo (72 prlnti) 

Special this week 
March 6-11 
Color Prints 

Standard size: 1S¢ ea, 
Extra large: 19¢ ea. 

(Offer good Irom color [legabve OI'Ily. No $1k1es. 
No limlL Bring in as many as you like,) 

Store Hours. 
Mondar-Friday 7:45 am.-5:15 p.m. 

Saturday 10 a.m-i p.m. 
Closed Sundays and Holidays 

University Bookstore 
CLDCClCSSCDl 

Std. 
Size 
$2.99 
$3.79 
$4.99 
$6.99 

ExtI1l 
Larg. 
$3.47 
$4.39 
$5.95 
$8.43 

The L'C,)D GuardIan NEWS 

CO NFEREN CE:Education D iscussed 
Continued from paRe J 
civilil<Hion along from one gen-
eration to the next ought to he the 
highest honor and the highe,t 
responsibility anyone could have." 

fhe keynote speaker of the 
Saturday ses~ion of the confer-
ence was U.S . Secretary of Edu-
cation Lauro Cava7o<" who ad-
dressed the problem of how to 
help the American educational 
ystem regain a global competi-

tive edge. 
Former president of rexas Tech 

University, Cavazos wa~ appoint-
ed to the position of secretary of 
education at the end of the Rea-
ganadministrationand wasa ked 
to continue in that post by Presi-
dent Bush. 

Cavazos began his address by 
assuring his audience that he is, 
first and foremost, an educator. 

" I am si ngle-minded in myap-
proach to my job as secretary of 
education; I am an educator," he 
sa id . "Some may regard my single-
minded ness as tunnel vision, but J 
make no apologies for it." 

Cavazos sa id tha t his main goals 

for the nation's educational ,ys-
tcm incluue "defining what cI'ery 
high school graduate must know 
and be able to do" and eliminat-
ing the problem of school drop-
outs. 

"This year's first graders will 
graduate at the turn of the cen-
tury, in the yea r 2000. By that 
time, let's make the term 'drop-
out' obsolete,~ he said . 

I ike lacocca, CavalOs stressed 
that more spending will not alle-
viate educational problems. I n-
stead, he suggested increased util -
ization of the human resources 
that are already available in the 
form of volunteers, parents , stu-
dents and teachers. 

"Although the president's bud-
get does call for increased [educa-
tional] funding, money alone is 
not the answer for rebuilding our 
schools. Dollars don 't educate 
children, people do," he declared . 
"We must all share the dream of 
drawing more people into our 
school effort. ~ 

Cavazos said that , m many 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

[1~#~a~~~~ 
USE KINKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'll 
turn your loose course materials Into bound class readers. 

• 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIALS 
OVERNIGHT ORDERS ACCEPTED 

. , FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
OPEN WEEKENDS 

LeI Us Do The Chasing While You Do The Teaching 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 -OPEN 24 HOURS 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, offers an inten-
sive ABA Approved post graduate 14 week 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. This Program 
will enable you to put your education to work as a 
Skilled member of the team. 

Wednesday, April 12, 1989,9 a.m.-12 noon 
Career Service, Multi-Purpo e Room 

For more Information 
contact your career center at: 452-4939 

----t---uc~ -----L:w-;e7s :s:s~; p-;o;'a: - --
ijp Lnll l'I'lly Room 3 18 Serra Hall S.)n Diego, CA 9211 0 

, )j ,'i,J1I DIt'S-' (6 19) 260-4579 

Name ________ _ 
Current 
Address 

City 

Current Phone' 
Permanent Phone II 

State lip 

communities, there are retired 
professionals and business people 
who would be delighted to help in 
classrooms in an effort to become 
a part of the educational system. 

lie suggested that execlltives, 
scientists, lawyers and doctors go 
into classrooms to talk with stu-
dents a bout their work. 

"U nles~ we bring such profcs-
sionals into schools, many of our 
students will never encounter such 
Illdividuals. How can we inspire 
them to dream of becoming a 
lawyer or studying to be a scien-
ti t or a writer if they've never met 
one?" avazos asked . 

The secretary of education en-
couraged the audience of educa-
tors to make contact with the par-
ents of the children they teach, 
adding that some of the most 
im portant parents for them to 
work with may also be some of 
the most difficult to reach. 

"Some ofthese pa rents dropped 
out of school. We now have gen-
era tions of dropouts . They may 
want nothing to do with a school 

See ED.lJCATJON, page 8 

HOT SUMMER 
FARES 

• LONDON ....... $690 
• FRANKFU RT . .. ... $730 
• MADRID ........ $750 
- NiCE ........ ... $810 
• OSLOW ..... .... $838 
EURA1L YOUTHPASS 
• 1 MONTH . .. .... $360 
• 2 MONTHS ... .. . $470 

Based on round trip fore 
Book Now - S~als Limited! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

Why apply to 
Medical school 

twice? 
Did you know that only I in 4 

sludents accepted to U S Medical 
schools is a repeal applicant? That's 
why it's important to make sure 
your grades and your MCAT scores 
measure up ON THE FIRST TRY 

How? The BEST way is profes· 
slonal test preparation al the 
Stanley H Kaptan Educational 
Cenler Wove been giving '"tenslve 
care to MCAT candidales for over 
30 years We slart with a free 
diagnostic test and a personalized 
computer evaluation of each 
student Then we t>elp you master 
all five subtests with live classes. 
homestudy notes , strategy clinics 
and audio praclice labs. 

Can us now Get il right the 
fi~lllme . 

1 KAPLAN 
IT AMltI H IA~AMIO\K.11OIW a"II11~ 

MCATREVIEW 
Your future. 15 worth It 

THERE'S STIlL TIME 
TO PREPARE! COMPACT 

COURSES FORMING NOW. 
47110 U,lIr~mOnt ,\.\l",1 BI.d 

~.ln Oll'IIO. ( 1\ Q21" 
(619)277-6744 

• 
• 
• 

'" t 
'" c Z 
.. 

MOl/da)'. March tl. 1989 7 

FREE!! ( (AS-
I -i 2 
• co: • .. 

• UTe L-____________________ ~ 
Miramar Rd ... ______ La Jolla Vil/ag. Dr. 

• 
~ ~ 7580 Miramar Rd • I 
~ ~ '93-1913 UCSD • , .........................• 

• Self service copiers 
• Volume discounts 
• Professors notes 
• Free Parking 

• Book Binding . Copies while you wait 
HOURS: 
M-TH 8:30-6:30, Fri. 8:30-6, Sat. 12-4 
3211 Holiday Court. La Jolla 
Next 10 St. Germain's 

451-9949 

Auto Repair Service 
7955 Arjons Dr. Open 7 a.m.-7 p.m. 
M!raIT1JI Rd htl! un 0 1 .. ,\.:1.., 
1,'11 on ilrlons 

Our lully Iralned mechaniCS are capable 
of repaillng any Iype of mechanical problem 

549-0272 iIi:5: == 
: Tune-U p Spec ial : Disc Brake Special 1 

· luUI Hili ·"Amp'OIl SjlaI \ pllI9~ • S~t • ~eplltt 'Ionl 0Jd $69 95 1 I tng,lIt • Adlust 1111'1,"9 JnG 1~le • C~!O & AII IlISt I. MXftlflf rolOfl 'rp.h. t!tJI, '9 • I 
I emlHID" · rtiDsl CJli ~ IIgII' IrIlC_S • htril 101 pollm & I on IIOfI ~r' _' 11'" Reg 387 SO 

CONt"\OIS II "ffiI~ • ~~De(! fI , IJIJoJic !.HWI S!mr mtlaJlu: pads I 
1 4-cyl. $38.99 6-cyl. $44.99 .. I • Ad,." .,'og'o;, •• v ~ 'ro.' _heel dn,! I 
1 8 I $54 99 I • RIM' ,,;1 tars wra 1 _ .:,.Cr,. __ . ____ f! 4~/! _ L _________ f!!, 4~/! I 

I 
: Drum Brake Special : Major Service Special 1 
1 • Replac! shoe, $ 79 95 I $25 Off 1 
1 • MdChtne arums • I 15.000 mi . 30.000 mI.4S.000 mi. 60.000 1 

• I.spetl hyOlduil' Reg ;91 ill ml ser.,clnq 0" maiO< sem,e metts "I taclOly 1 
1 slltt'll Most lorelg. '" domesliC I letommendetl Slandalds Highesl quailly parts 
I • Roaa lesl talS & hghll'uclS I same day service Mosl lorelgn & domestic cars I 
1 hp 4/ll/89 I & hght tlUcls up 4/11/89 1 

r----- - ----~-~-------------I 1 Clutch Work SpeCial I Cooling System Special 1 
I as low as $235 or save I· Plessule back II.sh $49 95 I 
I $50 I • PlmUle Cnet~ 10' lea~, • I 

olf IIsl price . ''''p!ct oS!> &ltltlnql Reg J9'l5 1 
1 • Ins tall ne . plate diS ana pllOI beall • • GUl l. Inlpw _"" PI! MO,' •. 11 'ohl t","s 
1 Od • Roid telt • Mo t for~gn" OOllll'liCI I ~ II> 1 
1 Prestnt COOlllln when ' u,1 Olall IS "kin J ., , I !,SO 00 olt Itsl plit! Ixp 4/ll 89 I Up 4/1189 
--------------------- ______ 1 



8 ."'IOlldai .. \Io,../r fl. 1989 NEWS 

EDUCATION: System Assessed 
Continued from page 7 
ora Icacher,"Cav31os said." ine-
ty percent of our teacher say that 
a lack of parenl support is a prob-
lem in their chools." 

Cavazos sa id thaI another pos-
sible human resource con ists of 
sludents. 

"Research has found that, when 
an older student IUlOrs a younger 
one, bOlh end up learning more. 
AI-risk adolescent who tutor 

younger students are less likely 10 
drop out: their clas room per-
formance a nd self-esleem rise," 
he aid . 

The added benefit of Sl udent 
tutor programs, according to the 
secrelary of education is that tu-
dent receive a n early taste of the 
plea ure of teaching which can 
encourage more students to pur-
sue careers in education . 

The final resource, Cavazos 

JFK 
.\/!1I' lbrk Cill 
$99 rou IId/;I!) 

J.XIII\'T 
S99 rolll ui/n/l 

:oc 

e 
! 

•• 

aid, co n i ts of tea hers. 
kThe e perlise and knowledge 

of teachers i the mosl underused 
resource in our schools loday," 
he said . 

Echoing lacocca, Cavazos :;aid 
Ihat more attention sho uld be 
called 10 teaching a a profe ion. 

"Every cilizen should see thaI 
tea hers constitute a profession. 
As such they should share wilh 

Seatlle 
599 rOlilldlnp 

,. ORDI 
Chicago 

599 rollnd/rip 

parent. the educational decisions 
at the local level," he said . 

Cavazo concluded his remark. 
with a summary of President 
Bush's ed ucation-related propos-
als , includi ng a proposed $100 
million budget allocation for states 
to establish magnet schools 
('chool whose programs a re de-
signed to a tt ract non-d isad va n-
laged students to areas consider-
ed d isadvantaged), $5 mi ll ion for 
scholarshios for high school sen-
ior excell ing in ma th a nd science, 
$25 million for a new drug-free 

Phoenix 
$99 round/rip 

Bos/Oll 
$99 rou /ld/rip 

The CS D Guardiall 

schools initia live and $10 million 
for historically black colleges and 
univer ities . 

In a press confere nce after his 
addre s, avazos aid Iha l the 
Bush Administration would con-
tinue to support the affirmalive 
aClion program in the ed ucational 
system. 

"We're going 10 cont in ue to 
a pply [those 1 standa rds in the 
most rigorous sense of the word ," 
he said . "We will not stand for 
discrimi nation a nywhere, nOI in 
t he workplace or the school." 

FLL ,. LAX! 
ror//.ludt'rikill' 
599 rou lid/rip 

SlIlI Fmllci.'J<XJ 
$99 roll /ld/rip 

Los Angeles 
$99 round/rip 

$99 rmmdtrip airfares on Northwest Airlines. 
A special offer for students, 

TRAVEL 
RElATED 
SEIMCES 

,." Atr'Ie'<¥' f .preuCOI"'IC*'r 

only for American Express Cardmembers. 
I f YOU want 10 go plac~, It'S time for the American 
Expr~ ' Card. 

Becau~e 110\1' rou can take adralltage of new travel 
pnvileg~ on t\orthw~t Ai rlin~ o//(l'./orJull-time 
.I'll/dmis I/'bo CIIrn fiJi:' AllwriCtlJ1 E'I)ress Card. 

Travel priviieg~ that offer. 
.~ 7;1'0 $99 rollndtrlp Ilckets fly to any of 

NORTliWEST the more than IX() Cllt~ ser'l'e,d b~ ~?rth-_ 
AI RLI N ES west 111 the contlgLloLl~ "IS lillted .States 

LOOK TO us Onl~ one ticket may be used per IX-
monlh period 

Speckil Qu({rterb' Norlbll'(!st [)e.,li//{/tirmLJi.,'collll{." 
Ibrul//!,lxIIII198<)-up to ~S"II off the lowest available fare 
5.000 /XJl/IIS lIIiles in [\orthw~I 'S \vORI.DPERKS · 
free travel program- where ol1ly 20.0(}() mi les ge[:) 
~OLl a free roundtrip ticket to an~where :-'orthwest f1i~ 
in the cOl1liguou~"lX l'l1l1ed ~tates or Canat~1 

And, of course, you' ll enjoy all the exceptional 
benefits and personal selVice you would expect from 
Amencan Express. 

The only requirements for privileged travel : you 
mu~t be a Cardmember yOU must be a full-time stu-
dent, and you mu t ch~rge your Northwest Airlines 
tickets with the Card.* 

Getting the Card is easier than ever because now 
you can apply hy phone. Just call 1-800-9'12-MIEX. 
\X e'li take your application and begin to process it 
right away. What's more, with our Automatic 
Approval offers , 
you can quali~' now 
while you 're still in 
chool. 

Apply now Fly later 
- for less. 

Apply Now: 1-800-942-AMEX 

·\(lIllr rt"If1(llflli'l 111,1\ ,II ph IN cpmpltl~ HUn tld.lIl ... l.11I1 \{IMllJ.f~ A \\1 \ turrrHl 'tlld~'11I Llr~l11t'lnht" .lUlum.lllcllh rt.'(tl\l' tv.o $99 \OIllhrn. III tilt' 10;111 
( 19~\' Alllt'rt{ .111 hl)rl'" Tr.l\d I<d.Itt.'li St fll(l .... j .ulllpal/\ III(' 

7111' l ' CS f) Guardia/1 

CLASSIFIEDS---
Continued (rom page 19 WANTED 41 people We II pay you 10 lose up 10 

25 Ibs In lhe nexl 30 days
' 

I OQClb nalural 100 .. 
guaranleed DI Recommended Call Kalle 565· 

1. 

___________ ~1 8696 (4 / 17) tIOUSING _ The Men s Lacrosse Team would like 10 exlend 
a special thanks 10 Our loyal OOO51er s(31 6) 

Roommale wanled La Jolla ShOres Area 2 
bedroom 1 112 8ath 2slOley lownhouse 
$325/ mo plus UIII,lles Phone 567· 4702 ask 
tor Mike (3 / 61 

Roommate wanled Female, nonsmoker $2951 
mo. turnlshed 8each. pool. lenn.s. laundry. 
lacuw Call 259-9969 Solana 8each (3/ 131 

Share 8eaul1ful House near beach Wllh 2 
malure women grad Siudenis $400. 1/3 Lynn 
755·9566 (3 / 161 

I I 
To the beautiful girl lhal helped me lind my 
homework al Cenlral Thanks 

G REA T D E A l S' Unlvers.ty 800kslore 
MOVing Sale March 6' 10(3 /6) 

Michelle. let's do lunch Thursday' 8urgers. 
sodas? The ACCB IS hav.ng a 880 al MOM. on 
Ihe Plaza. and .n tronl of Pelerson Hall from 
II 30· 1.30 pm See you Iherel(3 / 6) 

G REA T D E A L 5' UniverSity 8ookSIore 
MOVing Sale March 6·10(3 / 6) 

Summer IS comlngl Get ready tor Ihe beach 
lose up 10 25 Ibs In the nexi 30 days Safe. all 
natural andguaranleedprogram CaliCathenne 
loday 558·1883(3/61 

SKI JACKSON HOLE over SPring 8reak" More 
Info call Paul or Tony al 558-0754 (3161 

Joel ot Phi Kappa Thela congralulallons bro on 
winning 52, I 00 on Win. Lose or Draw (3/6) 

Actors. set deSigners for financed. student 
Video to be entered In competilions Call Audra 
481·5218 (3/ 6) 

MOdels Needed Immediately (Wit hIn next three 
days. It poss.blel. 2 Female models w/wo 
expeli9nce (18·30 years) $1 0·S25 /hr (Sem.· 
clolhed) Call 272·3397 Mon 5· 12 mid Tues 
5-12 mid: Call 270·5050 (wk) Wed. 5·630 pm . 
930· 10'30 pm or leave name and # @ 270· 
5050 lor Malthew anytime day Or evening (3 /6) 

jack. know how to run for a posItion on ne)(t 
year's A S CounCil? Attend Warren's SOc "all 
you can eal" commuler breakfasl 3/7 and meel 
ASUCSD Elections Manager Julia Ramlrez.(3/6) 

IS GIVING MONEY AWAY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 
special academic or creative project! U.s. 
GRANT$ has $7000 to fund undergraduate 
academic projects th is Spring Quarter. For more 
information attend one of our grant workshops 
on Thursday, March 9 at 12:30 p,m, or Friday, 
April 8 at 11 a.m. The workshops are in the Mult i-
Purpose room, upstairs in the Student Center. 
Questions? Drop in or call 534-3917. 
Remember: Deadline is 3 p.m_ Tuesday, 
April 11,1989. 

....... UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC GRANTS 

WILL YOU BE THERE? 
IO

'
·TLAM SPRING BREAK 1"'1 

Enjoy the sunny warm baches, the cold buB, the roer of the crowd, 
and the atmosphere that only Mexico can crate. MeXicana, Paciftco, lind 
CoIleSe T oun make it 1111 possible at affordable student rlltes. 

COlLEGE TOtMS 
for Inrorm.tlun on 'Trifl' c.n 1 - IOo.~I8-I>OI~ 

~ ~ ~7i'-" r"' 
- ---- ._ a 

mexlcana 11\ p~tiFita 
\hlfC' \h~\II.'I'. \.1nrc.: \\'~I" 

CLASSIFI,EDS 

THESIS SPECIALISTS 

• Quality copies 
• Low prices 
• Fast service 

kinko·s· 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
Open 2. Hours •• 57·3775 

MOIlt/OI', Mart'/r 6. /989 9 

r Complete - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ ------I 
: ~1~e~~m~l~n ,~a~~2~e~:UP 25 : 
1 X.Rays and consultation. Reg. $60 1 

r --- -- ---------r------------- - ~ 1 Cosmetic Bonding I Gold Crowns· 1 
1 $ 9 0 ~~C~/!~oth : $ 3 6 0 ~?,C~5!~~!C~ 1 L _ ________ _ ____ , ___ _____ __ _ _ _ _ 
1 Root Canal I All coupon services payable 
I $ 2 5 0 each tooth I when services rendered. 1 Up '0 2 c,n,fs ".r I 
1- __ _ _ _ _ ...:on~ .!!,!.. ~~ __ J • USC Graduate and former 
: Porcelain Crowns : faculty member 
I $299 each tooth I 
..... _ _ ____ .!~ ~::.: ____ I • 34 years experience 
1 Carlos P. Fernandez, D.D.S. 3660 Clairemnonl Dr. Sle. /0 
1 
1 DENTAL CENTER 

HAiR 
G~?FliCS 

2 Blochs 50ufh of BaibOll 

274-6339 

<get ~ cd Cb,AACe fI£Ub would J/wnd fo 
W'b odma~ ~ ad. ~xjteNUu:e ~4r 
1Ul0t ~ cd(j/~ ~uk4.. 

Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $19.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg . $24.00 
With: Marlo, J illou, or Oebi 

' PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut. shampoo. 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

We'll Give You 
Something To 

Write Home About 
If you've always wanted to get 
away lor the Summer, 
Disneyland can offer you the 
experience 01 a hletime. We 
currently have excellenl o[}' 
portunities Ihroughout the 
Magic Kingdom lor bright and 
enthusiastic individuals. You'll enjoy all the benefits 
01 working at Disneyland including: 

• Good Money-Earn up to $5,25 per hour 
• Fun After-Work Activities 
• Lasting Friendships 

\au will also be able to experience all the great 
things Southern California ha to offer- lrom the 
beache and mountains to the exciting city tife . 

\'Ie currently have opportunities in: 
• Food Sen,ice 
• Merchandising 
• Attractions 
• Custodial 

You must be at least 17 years 
old and fully aVllilable to work through the end of 
the ummer. Housing will be aVllilable. 
Get ready to make some memories this ummer. 
All interested individuals should plan on attending 
an evening orientation prior to the intelView. 
Please ee your Student Placement Center for 
more information and ign-ups. 

ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Thursday, April 20, 1989 

Disntglond. 



10 Montial'. ~fa"h 6. 1989 

----F E ~!or~R_E_S ____ _ 
Dispute Continues As Campus 
Alcohol Policy Evolves 
Sluff U mer 

Once upon a time kegs \\ ere 
loaded into the elevators of dorm; 
aeros; CSD ever) Friday and 
. aturday nigh!. It was a lime 
\\ hen studems faced the deci,ion 
of \\ hich dorm to part) at fir~t 
instead of where to dri\ e. north or 
~outh . 

oClal hfe at UCSD has 
changed ,inee the alcohol polIcy 
v.as redefined In epternber 19 5. 
The UCSD Policy and Procedure 
Manual cites California state la\\ 
\\ hlch says. "It is again;t the la\\ 
for a person underthe age of 21 to 
pos;ess alcoholic beverages on 
an) street or highwa} or in an) 
public place or any place open to 
the publIc ." 

"PrIor to eptember 1985. the 
alcohol policy wa~ the same. it 
was j ust interpreted differently." 
said Pat Danyly,hyn-Adams. 
Muir College resident dean. 
While pri\'ate space used to be 
vaguely interpreted as "the dorm." 
it i now clearly defined as "the 
student's room 'or interior of an 
apartment ." Danylyshyn-Adams 
explained. 

It is also illegal for tho e under 
11 to po~sess alcoholic beverages 
In private. 

Mike Keim, a Revelle senior 
who lived in Argo before the cur-
rent alcohol policy went into 
effec!. said. "[The sixth floor] 
once had a 12 keg part), two kegs 
in each of the six suites. The only 
rule wa~ that you couldn't carry 
an open beer out onto the bal-
cony. ~. 

A,ide from Its typical parties. 
Argo \\as famou~ for lis "Pit" 
dance~ . 

"Re\elle College ,ponsored the 
DJ who played in the courtyard . 
and the six floors supplied the 
kegs." Keirn said. 

Drinking was tacitl) allo\\ed 
because of an unstated rule which 
came to be known a~ the "put it in 
the cup policy." 

"If we did not see [the alcohol] 
in the original container. basically 

Rubes® 

\\ e did nOI bOI her \ou ." Dam 1\-
hyn-Adams aid . . • 
"If the 'tn the cup' policy could 

be enforced. Ilhtnl.. Ihal it would 
alleviate a lot of t he problems. 
The fact that students have 10 
hide to party creale a big chal-
lenge and a greater need to party," 
aid Carlos DeMelo. a Muir Col-

lege resident ad\i~or. 
The current alcohol polie) was 

compiled by the Committee of 
Alcohol and ub tance Abu~e. 
which consist of student~. facult), 
and ,taff. 

" The sixth floor 
of A rgo once had a 
12 keg party, two 
kegs in each of the 
six suites. " 

-Mike Keim 

'I think the need for the new 
policy was a result of Ihe tIme." 
Assistant Vice Chancellor of Stu-
dent Devleopment John Glebink 
said . "For a long time. the Unlled 

tates had a permissi\ e altitude 
toward alcohol and drugs. Nation-
ally, we became more aware of 
some of the negative consequen-
ces . [Locally] people got t ired of 
\ omit in the elevator." 

"On campus. things were get-
ting 10 the point of being OUt of 
control." Danyly hyn-Adams 
said . "Just about all vandalism 
and noise \\as alcohol-related." 

In the spring before the alcohol 
policy wa adopted. a group called 
Students for Alternallve Program-
ming sponsored an on-campus 
event called the Fog CUller party 
that teetered on the "point of 
being OUt of cont rol." Keim said. 
"They mixed up nasty batches of 
everything." he added. " In the 
morning, people were passed out 
in the bushes a nd on the tairs all 
around campus." 

The adoption of the alcohol 
policy was also innuenced by the 

By Leigh Rubin 

"increa~ed social consciousness of 
drinking and driving," Danyly-
shyn-Adams said. However, the 
alc hoi polic) generated a new 
problem; students would have to 
dri\ e off campus to drink socially. 

" tudent go off campus for 
parties and they have 10 come 
home some time. That i going to 
cause a lot of drunk driving inci-
dents." DeMelo said . 

Asst;tant Vice Cha ncellor Gie-
bint.. maintain that " It remains to 
be seen whether the policy has 
actually led to an increase of peo-
ple traveling off campus to drink ." 

On Fridayand alUrdaynights. 
many UCSD student drive to 
Tijuana to party where the drink-
ing agc is eigh teen. Driving to 
Mexico i "something that exi ts 
independent of the niversity," 
Giebink aid. 

" Drinking and driving is some-
thi .lg that you are going to have 
to deal with whether you are 18 or 
49," Danyly hyn-Adams said. 
"You cannot drink and drive, 
period. " 

Fifth College fre hperson Anne 
Ritchie goes 10 San Diego State 
University on weekend nights be-
cause "it's pretty boring here," she 
said . .. t State there are more 
parties , alcohol, etc. [UCSD] is a 
good place to sleep or study on 
Friday and Saturday night s." 

Slee ping o n a weekend night is 
not what students have come to 
expect from college. "The people 
who sell alcohol have done a suc-
cessful job in their packaging. 
Movie makers have represented a 
certain kind of college life, which 
include drinking," Giebink said . 

• 

"vP • • 

Student come to UCSD with 
visions of the college party scene. 
"They get here and are faced with 
the a lcohol policy." De Melo aid, 
"Drinking is a socia l thing and 
when stude nts are re tricted from 
that. some of their social ties are 
c ut off." 

Matti Siltanen, a Revelle senior, 
said, "The Greek sys tem started 

growing when the alcohol policy 
hit. People were trying to have a 
ocial life . [The Universi ty) used 

to allow a certain amount of col-
lege life to exist. ow, the school 
it se lf i soc ially repressive." he 
said . 

Ritchie recently decided to join 
a sorority "to get more of a social 

See ALCOHOL, page II 

Minority Engineering Program 
Designed to Assist Students 

By BR UNA DARI 
COllt rihutillg Writer 

In the fall of 1988, UCSD 
acquired a Min ority Engineering 
Program ( M E P) making it the 
la t UC campus to acquire such a 
program. 

Partially funded b y the 
ASUCSD, M E P targets Ameri-
can Ind ian, Afro-American, Chi-
cano, and Latino engineering and 
compu ter science majors. 

Larry Stapleton, an IBM exec-
utive acting as M EP consultant. 
a nd Ophelia Arellano-Romero, 
M E P director, head the program 
at CSD. 

According to stati stics availa-
ble at the UCSD Student Af-
firmative Action Committee 
(SAAC) office, the retention rate 
of regularly admitted minority 
engineering students is s lightly 
down in the most rece ntly studied 
period ; however. the retention ratc 
of specia ll y admitted minority 
engineeri ng stude nts dur ing the 
same period has risen . 

Despite t he lack of sta tistics 
demonstrating a sigl1lficant prob-
lem with the drop-out ra te of 
minority engineeri ng st udents, the 
A S. is partially funding a pro-
gram designed to help them . Sim-
ilar groups. such as the Na tional 
Society of Black Engineers. the 
Society of H ispa nic ProfeSSIOnal 

ngineers . and the Society of 
Women Fngineers already exi t 

Molly Alexander / (iuu"hun 
Ophelia Arellano-Romero 

on campus . 
The M EP program wa crea ted 

in 1973 at al State Northridge 
by Dr. Ra y Landis in order to 
help hi storicall y underre presented 
g ro ups who ha ve not had the 
opportun ity to exce l in the fields 
of engineering and science, Arellano-
Romero ex plained . 

M E P provide group work-
shops, ,ummcr internships. se-
cure. speakers for student organi-

l3 t io n~, and provides a scholarship 
program in ordcr to as,ist minor-
ity student •. 

"Acco rding to th e alifornia 
Po~t-secondary Education om-
mi"ion ~tati~t ic,. BO perceht or 

black and Chicano studen ts not 
involved in MEP programs drop-
ped out," ArellanoRomero said. 

"The problem [for minoritie ] 
is not that there's prejUdice iii the 
ind u try, but that minorities never 
get into the industry because of 
sociological or economic reasons," 
Stapleton said. "They drop out 
because they're not awa re uf the 
opportunities and loa ns available 
to them ." 

According to ArellanoRomero, 
the program is needed because 
poor minority preparation is a 
factor contributi ng to this d rop-
out rate . Many students come 
from familie from which they are 
the first to attend college . Also, 
many students are not sufficien tl y 
prepared for college by their high 
sc hools. 

"The universi ty gives them the 
opportunity, but the rest is up to 
thc st udent ," Arellano-Romero 
said. 

She is an ada mant SAA 
advoca te . " When I entered col-
lege, I was not prepared . With 
support . I was able to go through 
the educational pipeline and 
achieve a doctorate." she said. 

Undcrrcpresentation and the 
need for support at U Dare 
other rea so ns why M EP is impor-
ta nl t o many p a rti ci pant s. 

" UCS D is a big ca mpu,. " said 
,el1lo r R od ney Da yson, M · P 
member, "The minorit y is a , mall 
grou p ... Bei ng in I\ cd rln M E P) 

. ee ENC\ E": RING, I>age 13 

The UC D Guardian 

Alcohol 
Continued from page 10 
life and to meet more people. "she 
said . 

CO lllrar) 10 what some stu -
dents beli eve. the "U ni vers ity 
administration would like students 
to enjoy life along with stud Y1l1g." 
Giebink said . Since the alco hol 
policy took effect, "[1 he colleges] 
are d oi ng more crea tive program-
ming." Danylyshyn-Adams said , 
"a nd pressure is taken off of stu-
dents to drink." 

The colleges program movie 
nights. dances , and provide o ppor-
tunities to attend local attractions 
and sporling events. "With the 

a bsence of a lcoho l the re i, often a 
sma ll turnOut fo r these eve nts, but 
it is nicer hav ing a smaller crowd 
that enjoys being there than deal-
ing with a belligerent crowd that's 
there for the alcohol," Da nylyshyn-
Adam said . 

rhe questi on i rai ed of why 
so me stude nts need a lco hol to 
have a good time. Peoplc d o not 
drink imply beca use the media 
tells them to, Silta nen said. "AI-
cohollowers inhibitions a nd some 
people need it to relax around 
o thers in a social si tuation ." 

In the past. events where alco-
hol was se rved have been better 
attended than those without alco-
hol. " During Alcohol Awareness 
Week . [the A .S.] sponsored a 

FEATURES 
non-a lcoho lic TG tha t had a ve ry 
low turnout." Giebink sa id . 

When alco hol is provided at 
TGs. it is one of the select in-
lances where large groups of UCSD 

students gather socially on cam-
pus. 'r wo years ago. the Commit-
tee for Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse wa s asked by Joe Wa tson, 
vice cha neellor of undergrad u-
ate affairs, to consider the ban-
ning of TGs. 

"The recommendati o n that [the 
committee] made was to continue 
the TGs becau e it seemed as if 
they were not leading to abuse. 
Basically. it was a festive atmo -
phere. a lo t of tude nts were enjoy-
ing it. and no great ha rm seemed 

to be comi ng from them," Gie-
bink sdid . Wat on was unavai l-
able for comment on the future of 
TGs. 

Justla t week the A .S. Council 
vo ted to put a referendum on the 
spring ballot which a ks students 
to vote o n whether the ASUCSD 
~hould provide funds for free beer 
at TG, in the future . 

As at TGs. students living in 
the on-campus residence halls who 
are 21 or over are allowed to 
co ns ume alcohol. but "the resi-
dent follow some additional 
rules." Danylyshyn-Adams said. 
The alcohol must be co nsumed in 
a private space and the residents 
are su bject to the rule in the 
alcohol policy which states: "Kegs 

See ALCOHOL, page 13 

M onda .... March 6. 1989 11 

Pat Oanylyshyn-Adams 

~OIPh was getting jealous of all the Spring Break at Home 
UXURY SPA RENTALS new looks in perms from Lon dOn . So he grabbed a jet and headed 

home to Loodonto-o to check 
them out, and zoomed bock to Son 
Diego wnh Stitcoses full of the latest \ ... 
techniques and ideas. So now you "= . 
can look like your British cousins! Now 

.......... -..-~, Rolph isn·t jealous an~ymo~r;e~. ~i~~~ 
rll '_~'" .• '" 

C.~'a.e4 
~O""~I\.t~(. \.J)~V~4 

5 ~~<t 5p~'a.~e4 
C'a.~'}<t C'a.~""p4 

SSOff 
with this ad 

",LL.""E:;) I - 409 UNIVERSITY - 291 
PACIRC BEACH - 1447 GARtH - Z73·CUTS 

OCUlI BEACH - 4882 NEWPORT - ZZZ·3777 
COllEGE - 7028 EL C~ Il.YO. - 463·5052 

NNIFER HAS AN JbGLY SECRET. · · 

W e RENT . Ie spas 

• 2-4 pl'rson spas 
• 4·6 p.-rson spas 
• 6-8 pt'rson .. Party pa" 

FILLED, HOT & 
READY TO USE! 

From 
$99 

per day 

FREE 
Jd,v"ry & s"r up 

Dra,ned. dean,·d & 
sanitiz-. .. J aftc..·r I..'vc ry us!..' 

INDOOR/ OUTDOOR 
Top of. tht'.lint' in portablo: spas. 

100% filt ratio n systc:: m , back massa~1! powt'r jl!ts. 
Livtng room, patio, bac k yard - who:rever th .. fun is! 

"Pu~ some romance in your life with a spa from 
LUXURY SPA RENTALS" 

From San O'''go Call for reservations From North County 
575-1900 943-1900 

How to Start a 
High-Tech Company 

Evening 
Class 

A course taught by venture capitalist 
Buzz Woolley, founder of many 
successful companies 

• Free to 20 UCSD students, stoff, and 
faculty 

• Learn how to wrile a successful 
bus iness plan and how to raise money. 

• Guest speakers will include some of 
Son Diego's leading entrepreneurs. 

• The closs meets six consecutive 
Wednesday evenings on the UCSD 
campus, starting April 5,6:30-9 p.m. 
UCSD students must have hod a course 
in financial accounting or its equivalent. 
To enroll, phone Barbaro Bry at 
534-6114. 



12 Mom/a.\'. March 6. 1989 

LET'S COMMUNICATE. 

You can't get a new laptop computer at this 
price anywhere in the U.S.! 
Only $1699 (Regular $1999) 

SuperSport 
286 Laptop 
Package includes: 

-Free 2400 Baud Modem 
-Mac LapUnk or PC LapLink 
-1 Mb RAM 

Wi • 

Su perSport -HR 
Package includes: 

-20 Mb Hard Disk 
-1200 Baud Modem (internal) 
-Carrying case 
-Microsoft Works software 
-8088 processor 
-8/4.77 MHz 
-Backlit LCD display 
-DOS 3.3+ included 
-Detachable/rechargeable battery pack 

-20 Mb Hard Disk $3110 (20 Mb) $3445 (40 Mb) 

Plus these desktop specials: 
Z-286 LP 40 with FI'M monitor $2889 
Z-386 40 with FTM monitor $3779 

Ask about the new Z-386 model with 25 Mhz CPU! 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 
534-4291 

University Bookstore 
DOlI S5j[DJ 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5: 15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 

The UCS D Guardian 

Alcohol Policy 
On Campus 
Continued from page II 
arc prohibited in all areas of the 
on-campu housing facilities." 

A problem with the policy. 
Sil tanen said, "is th a t you are not 
allowed to buy a pony keg for 
Monday night foo tball, even when 
all roommates in a five-person 
apartme nt are over 21." 

" We do not enforce the a lcohol 
policy as a police officer would 
enfo rce the policy. We enforce the 
policy with flexibility. In most 
ca es it is up to the discretion of 
the resident advisor," Danyly-

shyn-Adams said. 
" I party with my residents. If 

they want to have a party, I make 
pia ns to be out of the area so they 
can carryon until the security 
guard ~tlJPS them . Academics are 
tough , they have to have an out-
let ," one house advisor said . 

The aim of the a lcohol policy 
was not necessa rily to block ocial 
outlets. "I th ink the purpose of 
this policy was for the University 
to take some re ponsible steps in 
dealing with the idea of under-
aged drinki ng ." Danylyshyn-
Adams said. 

Siltanen presented the argu-
ment. "We are young adults: we 
have the right to die for ourcoun-
try, but we do not have the right 
to drink." 

'FEATURES 

Engineering 
Program 
Continued from page 10 
cases the transi tion when you first 
arrive. " 

According to senior Steve H 01-
ness, M EP member and president 
of the alional Society for Black 
Engineers (NS BE), Asians and 
Caucasians are mo re successful 
becau e they network together. If 
the minorities at UCS D can create 
this se nse of community, larger 
numbers would get through the 
engineering program, Holness 
continued . 

" I think there's a eriou c hal-
lenge at UCSD for M P . . . The 
cilmpus does not promote unity," 
Holness said. " It promotes a sense 
of individuality among students 

this is true among black stu-
dents - especially technical 
majors . Everyone's out for him-
self and that's going to have to be 
turned around ," Holness said. 

MEP also se rves as a way to 
Ii nk va rious engi nee ring programs 
together. 

"NSBE also plans to run events 
under the MEP flag. We want 
them to co-sponsor things that 
we're doing," Holness sa id . 

Recently. a group called Future 
Women Engineers grew out of the 
MEP program to provide a sup-
POTt group for minority women in 

Monda.\'. March 6. 1989 13 

e ngineering. Noneofthe members 
were participants in the Society of 
Women Engineers that already 
existed on campus. Eventually, 
M EP would like to see these 
group work together. 

"The more commonality there 
is among students, the more wil-
ling they are to open up and share 
information," Arellano-Romero 
said . 

"When I first got ' the letter 
[from M EP] telling me about the 
program, I was relie ved and 
thought, why wasn 't this here a 
yea r ago whe n I transferred? 
Through MEP, you get a relation-
shi p you can't get bv going to the 
AMES departme nt," Da yson said . 

Those interested in M EP can 
call their office at 534-6105. 

~ ROBERT'S G 
~ . ~ SAAB Ne.d Extra Cash? 

Make Up to $iOO per Month German . Swedish. Japanese Service All work fully guaranteed - Factory Trained Specialists 
Are you healthy and 
between the ages 

of 18 and 3D? 

Specializing In: 
. , MAJOR SERVICES • FUEL INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ElECTRICAL 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 8 am-S:30 pm • Saturday 8 ameS pm a 
v~,.:, (619)275-1132 ~ 

•

. . 4630 MiSSion Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego !!!,..!'GII ....... 
We use and recomme"d Kl!tJdall- LubrrCllnls to our clisiomen 

All Ethnic Groups Needed 
Sperm Donors Needed 

Graduating Seniors 

On - Campus 
Interviews 
March 15 
Office of 
Career 

Planning 
and Placement 

.-.-----------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon Call (619) 165-1407 
• Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

Ris Business 
T aco Bell is one of the most successful members of the 
PepsiCo corporale family. 
We are a major contribulor 10 their Slatus as the nalion's largesl 
restaurant c.orporation. PepSiCo enjoys a $6.7 billion share of the 
U.S. marker. with 22,000 restaurar1:S worldw ide, and sales thaI 
are expanding al 70% fasle! !han !he indusuy rale. 
Tac.o Bell holds an amazing 60% market share in the rapidly 
growing Muican reslauranl calegory. 
We alUibule our outsWlding performance to a corporale-wide 

w~lingness 10 we risks ... 10 make changes ... 10 back 
new ideas .. . 10 look beyond the obvious for solutions. We 
realize thaI in holly competitive markets, you've gOltO be 
willing 10 go 10 any length to inVeni !he future before the 
next guy. 
So we invile our managers 10 ger. used 10 life OUI on a limb. 
Because if you wanI 10 succeed and succeed (as!, you can forge! 
aboul ·;ornfort and complacency. 

Q 

And juSl in case you lhougtu a reslauranl management assign-
men.! with Taco Bell would be less inlelleaually demanding !han 
life in a multinational cubbyhole-we' re here 10 lell you that 
you're wrong. 
Join us and you will be al the fronl line - making the decisions 
and choices thaI drive a $1 million business. 
You'll work hard - and the rewards will be there. If you have 
whal illakes you will move up rapidly. COnlrary 10 popular 
belief. high level reslaurant management assignments pay 
exlremely well . 
So if you are aggressive , lenacious, and hungry for success -
lake a risk and lalk to us on-campus on March 15. Visil the 
office of Career Planning and Placemenl 10 review our lilerature 
and sign up for our on·campus recruiting schedule. 

TACO 'BELL./ 
A-?~F~. 



/ 

14 MOllday. Mart h 6, 1989 

A . S. F I L M S E R IE S will resume on 
April 6th. with OUTRAGEOUS ANIMATION! 

NOISY ROOMMATES! 
DOGS BARK! G! 

NEIGHBOR'S T.V. TOO 
LOUD! 

NEED A QUIET PLACE 
TO STUDY!!! 

The ASUCSD IS sponsoring: 
EXTENDED LIBRARY 

HOURS 
AT THE UNDERGRADUATE LIBRARY 

IN THE SOlITH STUDY ROOM! 

EXTENDED HOURS WILL BE: 
12:00 MIDNIGHT TO 3:00 AM 

SUNDAY, MARCH 12TH 
through 

TUESDAY, MARCH 21ST 
THIS SERVICE WAS SPECifiCALLY DESIG:>IED 
fOR STUDENTS IN NEED Of A QUIET STUDY 

SPACE I 

CHEAP BOOKS! 
Use the ASUCSD Book Trader Board. Buy a cheaper book 
or sell yours for twice the Bookstore buy-back price. 
DIRECT STUDENT TO STUDENT! Call 534-4450 or come 
by the A.S. Office and fill your ad card todayl 

LOST AND FOUND 
Have you lost or found an item on campus? If so, check the UCSD 
Police Department which is the official (only) lost and found location. 

UCSD AWARENESS DAY AT MESA COLLEGE 
If you're a transfer student from Mesa College or interested in 
answering questions/giving information to Mesa College students 
about UCSD, then join us fora few hours at MesaCollege. For more 
information, contact Maynard in the A.S. Office (534-4450). 

GRAND OPENING CHARITY BALL 
Mr. Jay Gatsby would like to invite you to "Strangers in the Night," 
a party to be held in honorofthe Grand Opening of the Price Center. 
It will be held on April 22, 1989 in the Grand Ballroom. Black Tie or 
Twenties attire is requested. Refreshments and dancing entertain-
ment will be provided for your pleasure. The evening's entertain-
ment will begin promptly at 9 PM. 
(A Charity Ball to be held for Student Scholarships sponsored by 
ASUCSD and UCB. Admission is $25 per couple and $15 single for 
students. Regular admission is $40 per couple and $25 single. 
Ticket sales will beain finals week at the Box Office. 

ARE YOU FRUSTRATED AND ANGRY? Then you need the A ,S, Student 
Advocate Office. Designed to counsel and represent student who have problems 
in the follOwing areas: 

'Contesting or appealing grades, 
'StudentlT eacher Relations 
'Conduct Violations 
'Discrimination 
·Univeristy Employemnt 
"HOUSing, HE;~1th and Welfare 
·Procedural Problems 
'Financial Aid 
'Etc, 

TIlE A.S, STUDENT ADVOCATE, BARD·AlAN FlNlAN IS HERE TO 
HELP YOU! You can contact him in the A,S, Office at 534'l'lS() or come by 
the A.S. Offices, upstairs in Student Center A A bove EDNA 

r 

__ llu... LlC5'[)r;IUi~ 

: 

LAST T.G. OF 
QUARTER 

D N'T MISS IT! 
FRIDAY, MARCH 10TH 
4:30 PM AT THE GYM STEPS! 

NEED A RIDE TO THE 
AIRPORT OR BACK! 

UCSD Associated Students and Transporta-
tion Alternatives is sponsoring: 

AIRPORT SHUTTLE 
SERVICE! 

The Airport Shuttle Service will be 
running on MARCH 21st. 22nd. 
23rd and APRIL 2nd! 
YOU MUST IIAVE A IlESERVATlON, PLEASE C/lLL 
TilE A IRPORT S l lUITLE SERVICE AT 534-4235! YOU 
CAN MAKE llESER VATIONS BEGINNING MAl/Glllst, 
IVEDNESDAY! 

ATTlENiITON §1rOOlENf OlRGANTI1ArrrOlNf§~~~ 
I tis ti me once again to sub mi t your articles and/or special 
event updates for the Spring Student Organization 
Newsletter . Please have those typed, lengthy articles -
with catchy headlines - into Mary Allen's office before 
Friday, March 17, 1989. Tell the Campus and other 
organizations what your group is doing next quarter! 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS: 
PRE-LAW EPlJCATlON ASSOCIATION 
PLEA presents a forum on ABORTION on March 7, 1989 at 7:00 pm in HSS 1330. 
Speakcr arc Margaret Moody from the Center for Reproductive Rights, Bwy White 
from the Center for Women's Studies and Services, Ellen Daleke from the Life 
Pregnan(;y Counsel Le<lguc, and Barbara Welliver from Catholic Family Services. All 
arc invitcd to listen In and discuss this important issue. 
SO,\RI"G cum 
I ooJ...illg for exci tcmcOl' \1 ,\ 1\' .\ ,lOted to fly but never had the opportunity? Then 
come soar wllh the SoaIlllg (11I11 1' ld\'l\ llInal ricle wi ll be offered every weekend thru 

~larch 26 <lIthe Torrey Pines Glld": l I'or[, I'or lIIore information, call 453-2714 or 455· 
9-W9, 
1 "',JO:--' OF ClASSICISTS 
Thl' LI1IOIl of Class ic i,L~ at LCSD prcscnls rrofc~sor Anthony Edwards of the UCSD 
Literature' D~paruncnl spcakmg on Poellc Valu,s in Aris\QPh;ln\,s, Wednesday March 
~Ih III I elIB 1-l2 at )' '\0 pill ThiS IS an opportunlly lor sludcnlS to di cuss Greek 
COllll'dy and r~ sl';l rc h 10 the field oj claSSICS HI nn informal selling. Evcryone i, welcome! 

( /,,,, .1 \II{J{.I'·/II,·/II) 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 

B.J. s Sports Trivia Quiz 3, How man y official tra cks for t he sport of luge are ,et up in the 
United States? 

• Send Ihe I'llIr.l' on an 1/ rbi' I r 
piece of paper alo/l~ lI'ilh .l'our flame, 
• 'ear in school, Ihe col/ege you all<'l111 
01 UC S D, lIIalor, hOll1eIOIl'n. addre.\<, 
and phune /lumber lu Sports EdilOr, 
U[,SD Guardiun. B-016, La } olla, 
C A 92093, If yuu prefer. I'OU may 
drop il offinlhe ,purlsedilor 's box al 
Ihe Guardian office, lucaledjusl sou-
Ihea I of Ihe /IlIlIIanilies Undergrad-
uate Ijbrary alld lIexl 10 Ihe Che 
Cafe, 
• All UCS D SllIdenlS. slaff antlfuc-

ulty arl' eligiblp 10 elller, excepl fur 
Guardian Slaff members and em-
ployees uf B ,} , s (,hil'Ogo Pizzeria, 
• The person who comes up ."ilh Ihe 

I1I OSI ('o rrl'CI amll't'r.l ",ill be declared 
Ihe II'lI1nl'r. (Jlld will be recol!,lIizeti 
",hell Ill< qUIz 1.1 prill/I'd Ihe neXI 

MOlulal' , IlI lhl' l'VPIII of a lie. a dralt'· 
ing lI'iil bl' held 10 c/l'll'Tlllinl! thi' 
w;"ller . 

• Dilly une i'lIIry per perSUIl, Ellrries 
II1 I1SI be at Ihe Guardian hI' 5 {l .III , 
Sa/urda,l', 

• Winners lI'il/ re('(!ivi' IIi U $5 gifl 
c('rt i/icall's redeemable 01 B , } , s Chi-
cago Pi:zeria. lucateel ill Ihl' La julia 
Village Square Convelliencl' ('l'llIer, 

This week 's questions: 
I. Where was the Super Bowl held 

when the 4gers played the Dol· 
phin ~'! 

4 ame the parti ci pant; from the 
Spu rs a nd Warrio r; in tas t yea r 's 
slam dunk contest? 

5, Jerry We,t wore what uniform 
number when he played for the 
Lakers'! 

6, How many co nsecutive N SA 
sco ring t itles did Wilt ham· 
berlain win? 

7, From what city did the team 
Etvin Ha yes played on hait from 
when he won a scoring title in 
I 968·69? 

8, H ow many times did Bill Rus-
se ll win Ihe N SA M VP? 

2, Whal is Ihe second race in the 9, 
Ihree races involved in Ihe win-
ning of hor,e racing 's triple 
c rown? 

How many games did the 76ers 
fini sh behind the Celtics In the 
Allantl c division in th e 1972-73 
season? 

10, How many games did the 76ers 
win in the 1972·73 season? 

Last week 's answers: 

I. False (Utah Stale) 
2, Stanford 
3, East Oakland 
4, Jack Demp ey and Gene Tun· 

ney 
5. Finland's Lasse Viren 
6, Frank Shorter 
7. Wilma Rudolph 
8, Three: SI. Louis, Los Angeles, 

and LA. again 
9, Oak Brook 
10, London, Engla nd 

Last Week 's Winner: 
Don Elder 
Grad Student 
U.S. Hi story 
Nu mber Correct : 8 

ATs.T A SPECIAL SNEAK PREVIEW 
PRESENTS 
~ AlliN MIA fAOOrV IUU[KA~1R 

in 
Oedipus Wrecks 

One of the chapters in 

NEW YORK 
STORIES 

A comedy from 
Woody Allen 

FROM 
TOUCHSTONE 

PICTURES 

GlANCARlO CIA. \~1\1 lALlA SHIRE 
In 

Life Wilhout Zoe 

One of the chapters in 

NEWYORK 
STORIES 

When a millionaireS daughter 
is on the loose in an 

elegant New York hotel 
anything can happen. 

NlCKNOlTI mNNA ARcwrr 
in 

Life Lessons 

One of the chapters in 

NEW YORK 
STO RIES 

lieS the teacher, 
SheS the student 

And passion is the lesson. 

TIME ' 10:00 P.M. 

DATE: Tuesday, March 7th 
ATaaT 

LOCATION: land ' \ ill(' \udito.-iulll The right choice. 

Monday, March 6, 1989 15 

La Jolla Center 
for Mood and 

Appetite Disorders 
OFFERS SERVICES FO~: 

Depression/stress 
Eating disord~rs 

Relationship Issues 
Weight control 

Call now for 
on apPOintment 

546-4415 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

' ted not be npen');i'\e 
"pecial ( o/!,.g!' 

'Iud .. nt Program 
(Ul l" HR_ T 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

$50 Mono $50 
Have you had 

mononucleOSIS Within 
the last month7 If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable conrnbUtion to 
the medical Industry, and 
earn you S50 dt [he same 

time For additional 
details call Ms, Vawter at 

Essential Biologics. 
226-1733. 

Ro.h ' ... In the offt. In P B.· 
FUTONS; FRAMES 
4-WAY LOUNGER & 6- FtJTON 
h" .. ln ~tll J!J Ounn S1396'> 
I"UI ~1181~ . '9 )10900 

'FUTONS 4-W;oy 
L,ou"ger 

I T'Mr' 6 S6S; 8 '15 TWln III ." 6 S 75; 8 195 Full S60 
I Oue'" 6" s85: 9- SlOS io.,~ S6l 
L Kmg 6 $I 10; B SIlO I nq '110 

STORE HOURS 
lhUl'> -, tiop'n. fro 1 ~pm 
5dt 0 :'Pl n .. ~I" I un 

Man.,Wed •• ppolntmeno 
2l4-MI. or 5'9-70.' 

WE CARRY INVENTORY. 

.... 



16 Ifondal'. !(arch~. 19,9 
<;ERVICE ! WORK HOP. 
MO'D.~' THROl'G H FlUDA' . MAR H bo l O 
8'00 31.m • ... ·)0 pm - The Lmgu.\~\.' rn:~ram pr\wlur, 
~ 51SI;Jnlt' 10 lud!:nt wh('i"c nJU\(' langu.lgr " nt'l r ngh ... h 
;Jnu tn thoc;c dOi ng ,"",Nk mJJpanClOC, ~p;1nls h , Fr n .. h ,cr· 
man Hrbrrw and O(h(,ll.lnguag'·~ A dMgnno;;llI. fCCit on .... 'nlU·n 
Enghsh :llj J ...ccl'nd I.I"guJgr 1'1, ,Wl1l1.lhk ('In r('que', (JlI 

5)"· 22~of f~)r m('lf(' Infl)rrn.lllfm U,R 4{)1(1 

MONDAY. MAR H 6 
130· 100 P m - Genc'rJl ThrrJP) Group ror W"lnt'n· Th,., 
gn"up \\.111 !(~ uo;; ,)11 .. om.l'rn ... (~'mm\Jn amlmg unu,"rgrJJu,Hl' 
Wl1mcn, IndudlO~ rc!;Ult'ln'ihlp ' ...... ur ... I.urul, 1,1 (mgm \\\1Ik 
Jnd -.eH,("It'rlll .. tn· ..... Jnd dC'\'C'l(\PJtI~ km.lI,,: ,J,'nllt\ ll'J h, 
Llnd .. t:) Alper. ,'H·11241.) t allilnuc;c\ fl~rllrn·llm ,".m 1I1In 
\1(' .... hdllrr wmlng 1\1 tht" ~r l'Ur Il\H f I l lL 
) .()().. ... 00 p.rn - .... 'rr ... MJn ,I~Im.· ", Work,h4lplO ThllO Wtlrk 
.. hllp \\111 {c •• (h Sklll"hl m.ln.lgl· .;,1rC' ... , Lt'd h\ 1\.1Ih\ I\.l,hlm,l 
l alt i\Jlh, .JI ~·H 1i~) Illr IOIMm.lIhm .Uld \Ign-up IL\Y\ 
H UL 

3'00-. :30 pm - '\d ull (hlldrl'n ~'I o\!\l,h,lh\\ r,,\ .. hnl du\ ..I ' 
IIllO.lI '\Upr"ttln Gmup I h", 1 ... 1 ("lrudUT\'U p,v(hilrdul..".1thln,\1 
",upfX1n ~r{'Ur rflr Jtiuh \ hlldrrn fIr .Ikt1hollLS T I)I"~'" lnllud 
mAI.llm" (hn ... mlv ... lnd ACA rtlle- ..... e-lIl'''t~·('m h\·.,lth~ \, 
"ddu.:m·c rcIJu,m,hlp:t dl',llme," IIh Il·,·hn~ .... lIld ,Ik tlhilltsm 
",II he dl .. lu .... eJ In ..... Urp\lrtlW .ltmfl.,phi,;r\· ll'cJ ~ Jt:.mn<: 
Manr ~ H · 30),) edl Ic.mne 1m mlUrmJlhml\ hnd 
dppnlnlml'OI I'- 0l'\("~"1"\ behlrc ({lmln~ [1' th\· grl1up Milun 
(lin VIC" Loun~l' 
3 OO-. ~ 30 p.m - rer,,-'n.-I (Ih,,,th Group· Agmup 1m per 
'It)n .. Imerc"tl"u In nplnpng [h(,lr n:1.lIIlm"hlps k.lrnln~ him 
Ihey JI·C pcr"cl\eJ ll~ "lhcr, Ul· ... tlllrlO~ 'ru~1 In rhcm~hc .. 
Jnu nlhcr. .tnti l"\pre .... mg Ihem'CI\('" (ulh Jntl tllll.·nl\ Tht' 
~n'up bled b\ Hugh PJIt· .. (.111 \1 tn ... m h,""ul"""".1 ,lI '514· 
01';) 1"1 stgn·up "nu IOIMm.ltH':) Rr\dlc Collrgt' Phl\IN 
Onll.:C 
TUESDAY. MARCH 7 
9'00-1030 am - A31,ln 'tuJC"nt!'> 'UpPO" GmLlp- Th ... 
gr('oup t dr~lgOl'd 'I' .Iddrr ...... rhe \.,'n~:('rn .. e,1 Asian "luJ\~IU,.1I 

L'C~D In ., prc1hll'm ~'I\In!o!. . .and 'iuppont\r ,nmu'phel"C" 
Is<;uc<; .. u\h ,I'" IJmll\ 'i\Vl'm" 10 lulturdl Ir,ln-,llhlO \'Ihnl\: 

Idcnllt~ h\"lng m cY- t' Io.uhun'., .l~ .... uucm .. nlmmUnll.:J.tln~ 
Yollh tllhl'r, dnd '('I.:allon.tl.lnd .1(ademh.: mc ., ,uc r" ........ ,hlc 
dh(u ..... hm "'pit ... L .. :J h\ J('.,.,l1l' \1.lIlr-.c.' 'n4 l03~ C.III 
Jeannl· 1m tnh"lrmJlltln .d,,-.. ut Ihl" gr~'up 1(li.H H Ul 
10 00·1 1 30 a m G.I\ 81,-\'\uJI \kn" .... upp"n G""ur 
Thl" h ,l1,:(lnhUrnllal ;;uppt .. n grnup ('\pllllln~ , ..... uc' rl'i\·\·.ml 
10 gd\ dnd h,t..n.u.l: men I.cd h\ (r.,,~ \\'IC"'· lH )7)'; CJ.II 
Cr,lI~ 1\11 J ~r1d prchmln.H\ .lpfw1'llmCnt h.·I",,· .,;,'mlO& It' 
Ihr p,r,'up \t ,lUnt.u n \'Il'" L1.1Un~f 
230-100 P m o\Juh .. \h,k .. fCJ ,!... ChlfcJr\'n - "",~r,'up f,'ol 
womcn .tnJ men "h,' 'UI"\. 1\ CU m,llt· .. I.II,nn In dlildholld ("IT 
• IJ,~t·"H'nlor h, "'lr.lO~l~"" .h"~UJrnt.ln\\·" .IOU "r I.lmlly m\'m 
hl'"r... ln2 h~ Mlrum It'''UP,Wll.l 1·Hl2"i" ,lnd k.IOo(· 
.\IJn(''>(' "iH 103') C 111 \11n.am "r Ie.,nn\' ht'h)n' u1mlng I" 
Ihl' grt'up . .I prt'hm,nJr'I .lppt'lntm(,nl , .. nl·I.C" ... 11"\ I LX') 
H I I 
WED. ESDAY. MARCH 8 

300-. ~ 30 pm - t hlt.lIlil HI"'p..lnh.. 1.1fln,'~urp.l" (,.r,\Up. 
Ttw., ... ,I"'up~ln ~n'up IIlr rhl\Jnn H''''p.1Il11 1.lIIn,' gr.ldu. 
.1.1,' .lOd unJl'T).:..rJdu.m· ",'Jdt'nh It'd hv nJn \lun(': ,IOJ 
Rl'mJ. IUJ.r('~ (.111 OJ.n .11 CD..,. 1')79 III/ Inll'"l1.1ll1'n .... IUJenl 
(,.'llIel 8 ( llnkn'n(,' W,ltlm 

THURSDAY. MARCH q 
1)0-" 00 pm DROP-I ' ~[l\NI\G Hl)l R., I "r hdp 
hnuang dt·slr •• t-.h.· p.lrt·um\, l'mpllwml"n! LJelt'rmrning url'cr 
~1l.ljt.. Inh humlll~ rt'"u lne prl·p.1r.lth'n C'lt ," .IPjll'lllltnl·nt 
nn.t' ...... u\ rust ".,11';"10 C.lrn·, ...... 'r.1t.t· .. Cl'llll'r 

FRIDA'. MARCH 10 

10)0.m - EIfEL I\EJOR'~AR( H IRArf(,) · N' "I 
.111 J(\h ~·dldnlle., .Irl' un.lt.henl'I·J Th, ... \\ "rl.. .. h,'p \\ til 1\·.ll n 
\,"lU Ih\' m~\ .. 1 l'flrulH' \\JV I II lind ,hcm (,m','1 ..... ·I""\I~t· .. 
(\'OI('r 

1.30·" 00 pm flRl1P-I ' A[l\N'G IIl1l-R.' f'" hdp 
\, Ilh ,",Iren ~ll.llo;; Jt"\ll humin)!, f\'~UIIU: pn'p.Ir.l1Illn ,'Il ", 
..Ippt' lnrmt·n! m·lot· ...... .Jr\ JU"I \\.In,·m C.lr,·\·r ~'I"\.·ltl· .. (l'n!t'r 
2oo·} 00 p.m - Th,· nA.. .... I ... (,"1 ·tlr.Hnm.lr ... ,\1cth.lOll"" 
\'o'·'rhh·

'
r l\dc\lgnt:d IN .. fudfnt .. ~hl''l' Itr .. t IJ.ngu..tgl·I" n,'1 
E-.n~lI ... h .lIld \\ hll y,.,lulrJ Il h Itl ~\,\rk ,~n .. :I.'nl\ln~ h.I~.1. ~I.arn· 
m.ltl".ll ulO\.l·pt ... Jnu .Ipph In~ rhl'rn m ,·'h·n .. l\l' ... "Inn.tlll 
')Cfll" I)' p~.h.IU ... 11 l''I.(·rn .. ('<" . .\n l'\,'rt I",' mJnu.tl" III hl' ll"\'d 
.111 \l Irk will hc.. I..tlmplclcu In Ih40.: u\flh·" 01 ch(· \wrk .. h"p 
C'R .... 'j() 

lilt). ] \ll r m k("!>lrIll~"" \ ,(11') (,flI11r' Iht,· ... 1 ~r"\lp 
d~·'ll1.nl't.l Id 1""' Jt· ",upp..'n .lI1d ~·\rll'I.III"11 til ~dl In till' 
\.lIl1u uh 1\"t\Hfll'\ III I~"I'\L"I' IhUll ,In l',UIn,i: JI"t'r\.1l"1 Ill" hi, h 
chI..' pn·dtUIIIIl.IilC p.llll·rn I'" Ihc I~, .. tnlo.lltm ,,1111I.lkl· ,If h"ltt 
Dt·\l'Iopm('nI.II ,mJ pe ...... oll.ll "''''Ul''' 111 ~ .ldd l\'~",\·J In JlC r 
.,.In.11 d ''''lu''<\I(1O<;'' 111 hc-lh,'Kt..· rd,lIt'cJ hl I .... Ul· .. III tnntn,1 "III 

f"k'"~r ",,·Ir~ .. t('l''" t;(·p.u,1fI'1O .111,1 md,·,du.UI"" I\kmm 
ImrnJllnn ,Iild m.tn\ ,\Ihcr, Il'd h\ RCIn.IIII.ln· ,;: ~H ~7' 
(,III R\·ln.IIM .1 hilt·, 'r~llntm~'", hfl"t\'l'U11l1l~lIllhl' ~mur 
2116 It" 

200' 11J0pm Alt..llhl,I.lnd"'uh"I,lnlo.l· \hu"'l·t,r,'up·II~lltl 
h,lH' ~'\('I .... k,·,1 nil 1 h.,'e ,\ rh,t-..lcm' · lh,tnu· ... ,Ih' \tnl dll 
h.I\\· .11,·" Ihlll~'" hi ,.llk .Ihuur 111h·ll· ... led "'Iud\n! .. pk.,~' t.11I 
11.10 \ hllll": .It "H. I ~7Y I"t IOI,Ilm,Ullln I hl' ~ntllr 1 ... 1,·1.1 h\ 
1"'I.ln \hUh'': ,\nJ hlt'l {..lhnl'1 Rt'\l'II~' PI\'\,'",!"", ~")lIllo.l· 

2)0 p,m -i 30 pm - Htm"r., ""rk .. nnp .. ,tnd tndt\ldu.11 
oI ..... I ... ',lnlo.'· fnr Irl',IHIl\'n .lIld 'W.l ph"IlHlIl'''' Th\' \'1'1 k .. h"r \\ III 
I"lou .. "n ,hl' ... hllll p.ll'l'l Ih .. • \· ....... 1\ \".11" ,InLl thl' prllil· ..... 'l1 .1" 
.lp,Hfll\·r '!Ulit-nt"i \\111 h.I\·,· Ih(' nrr\'"lIl1lf\ f,' k.lnl ,I \\Iud 
Pfl'lt.'· ..... In~ "''''h·m ..... \A .. ruJl'nr.. .Irr e"I"It·1. I.1lh l·nU\lIr.I~\'J III 
.IPP" (.1111 ,lrrdll ~"t'm,ln.1t "114 11~~ IIIr lunhl'r tnltuuM 
linn lr.1Il ,IPI"lllllml'm l ''';'R ~l'71) 

.. 00-5 30 p.m <.. .Imput.. Bloltl.. l\lnOll · A \\t...('t..1\ mllmn.,1 
~mul' ,"n (h,' '"''U(''' lonu·rn .. ,md qu,I"I) 1,1 hk "f tht' RI.llo..k 
l,1rnmUnll\ .11 l ("0 L .. ·J h\ Phil ~,Iph.ld ') \-+-('1')2 ,tnll 
flll'nJ .. \h'UIlI.lln \'Il'\\ Lnung\' 

E TERTAINMENT 
FRIDAY. ~tARCH ) 
800· 1000 pm - Chn,,".tn C"flfe Hou....,· - l.'\Jlll' .. ~nl,1\ 
.111 l'\"l'nlll~ "I gn',1{ ntU .. I( . l.t,II('(' rt.'lre ... hntcnt ... md 11:'110\\ 
... llIp Thl' h.mu I, Nc\.\ "-imR .lIltJ Ihl' ~, .... pt'I,<\ f,lr c\'cry,mc 
Thl' \\ h,'k l" Cnt I .. Jb",lIUld, In·e . ....... l'lfTl(' ,mJ hllnh ,III \ "ur 
frr\·nd ... Intern.mnn.11 C entcr I ttun~(' 

LECTURES 
TUESDA Y. MARCil 11 
7.30 P m I·nm"ml"r .md ei.llnOml\ i.·l)I'\\'r.-.I~ln .ut\"(X.ltl· 
lIll)U [)um..t .. "111 "pl"tk IlnRt'dchn1n~ \l.lIlon.11 ~CUnty 

\hTlln~ Ht·.lhh ,md HurnJn '\eet..l:.· rhe prllgr,lm I~ b..om~ 
"J"k.n ... M~·J h, Ph\ .,'Io.IJn" l .. lr ~xl.II Rl""'pllO!iolhllm .lOcJ th\.' tn 

nll'~" I \·llOllmllo. C,'Il\CT'h'" (,1un\11 [)umJ ..... Jn dt'qllt'lif 
... p ... t..( .. m.t:i Jnu k .• Jt'I III ,h(' ",.uth lor.1 rn,'re hum.lnlO;[I\ 
\'·(,nn,lmll" Hl· ..... t Prt"llc ... ,,)r \ll P(,hlllJI [t..I'Il\lm\ Jnd I::::ttl . 
n fl"l'\'" ,II ,ht'l·nl\,·r ... m nl Tl·''''''i.1f n.llI.I" Ik h.' rncmtxrlll 
!hl~ rl·l.('ntJ\ f,lnnld '\.1I101n.II Ct1mml .... I'ln fm lnlilOIllTt.. ( nn 
\\" "'ll'n .IOU D,'-Unl.llfll·W .tnd h.l .. ocen .I. pnnllp.llltmtrlhu 
'Ilr In (hc Jl'\t'lc"pmt'OI "l n.mon,ll t'lllnmTHl lIm\·l'hlon 
1c~1 ... l.lIl1ln Jnd h,l" .lUth,'rl·J J b(l(:,k tl" the l·\,mllmy F"l 
In!Mm.Ulcln ".111 27~· 3730 L'C",O ~hllOI of \kdlum' 8.1"'ll 
..... I{ Ill(' 81d~ GJrTen -\udllMlum 
V.'I.DN[ DAY. MARCil 8 
530 pm. - l nltln 1,1 d.l .... tll .. { .... n L'( ,11 pr{'scm .. PrOfl'''''llr 
Amhlln~ I-dw.lrJ ... "I rhe LC .... n IlIl·rJturc [)\·p.lnmenl "'pi.'.lk 
ln~t'nP,·~;u~ \.tlut',mAtl .. l\tph.tnl·" "·cJnl' .. J,1\ \1,lrlh~ln 
TCHB ,42 ,It '\ )l' P m Th,,, I" ,In ,'pj"l\InunU\ (ut .. luUenl ... 1il 
rJt .. lU ...... ~1l1'l'k ( \"lnl'd) .Ind re .. ('.m .. h In Ihe ru:ld ~,I CIJ"~IIo.~ In 
,In mt,Hm.11 "'l.(I,"~ 

PRorE~r 
n)L~DAY. MAR 1\ 7 
1200 noon K,tll )' N m.m hili Ph'll'''' Ih(' hurOln~ ,li lil""l 
\\.I"ll' .It..n ........ Ihl.' ... 1'\~Ct Ir,'m \,Impll' YtlUr "uppt'n '" n\',~dt'd 

Brl n~ 'il~n" .lnd qlml' m,1I"\.h !,'r ,I hl·.Ihhll'r Cn\lh'nmi,.' nt 
... p"n .... 'rt..·d h\ th\' Wdd,'rnt: ... ., (Iuh R"H'II,' Pb.:.1 

SPECIAL EVENT 
H Jf$f)A Y. MARCH 7 
" .30-6)0 p m ( tllllnh.ll1l(\ ~1,~.l1l1Zln~ ,lIld L!rh.1Il Pnlu 
II." III \1l'>.I(11 en) "nu ..... IIl PI(,'~'l k.lIurrn~ "tl III R BARRIO 
Iqlrl'''l'nt.1I1\ l' 01 tilt' A~I rnhll·.1 de B.lrrh'" .lIld rcpr('<.;l' IH.III\·l' 
,lI lhe "'rlh (nunl, C,1.lhul'll hlf tllll1l.l11 Rl·",lur"e ... ~llTth 
(" ,mll'n-nu' Rt)nm 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MO DAY TlIROUGH FRJDAY. MARC1l6· 10 
800 am -" '00 pm. ....IGI Pl U ... • ... ~·t..lem .. \,r IntCr,llI"c 
GUUJ.lOt.(' ,Ind Inl,)nlhUlOn 1<., ,I nlmpwu-h,' ... l'd pn.'Rr,lm lIf 
l".Ir,'o ml,lrm.lthln de IAlh:d 1" hdp \·,lU d.tnl), y~lur .. kills . 

,.Illll·~ .IIlJ flt.l up.lIllm.11 IO\('T('<';I'" lur mun,' IIlttlrmJllon.lome 
tt' l..tfl·('f 'cl"\.ll·e, CCIlIl'r ~IO 

800 am • .. . lO p.m, - OA.'I' \Vrutng (cnter ollcr1i 111'"(" 
""'''' ll..e f~lr ... 11 u( ... n <.itllu('nl~ "hl' n~ed prr'\Htllng hdp 
Io.~m (cren(e .. Ill! JrJhs .U1J ('tilling ,llhll.."C \-Vl' l·ng.lge .In)' 
kind III \.\ rI!tn~.'nd .In) kind of "riling prohlrm Cl)nfl'l"el1l. .. c" 
• Ife h) ,tppolmmCnt ,'nl) I \l'ntng .lpr(lllllrnt'm~ arc J.IStl 
.1\·.III.lhlt· .11 \V.IITCn Ap.ln mrnt'i .md IUlr Collgc ( I nt rull 

rJn~c (11 "('''tlC!; ~.\~ the h.l,k 01,11(' l"urfl'nI class ~heduk') 
t,III.c;·H-2:1tH I'r nlm\.' h)' USBiOlOw tn.l ke .111 "PI"'KlInlmt'nt 
Thl!'>"'C"·'t..C IS d'''III.lhlt~ ,hroughoUf (hc quan\'! pon~on.·d b) 
Ihl' OASI~ \Vnun~ entcr 
MONDAY, MARCH 6 
I )0+00 p.m. - DROP·" A[l\,I~ING HOURS f'" heip 
f'ndln~ deslr,Ihlc p.m-omc l'm pl(1)mf'nI rI,·tl·rmln,"~ (.lrCl'"r 
gll.ll ... ,e.1rl htng for Johs or t~plllnng prll re~SI\lIlJI t'r gr.luu.ue 

",::h;."ttll'lr~)I111nlllc" Z\(l .IPpo,nt lnf·nt 1I{·Cl' ...... uY.ll"'( ".llk-ln 
c.m·l'r \('T\'ll'C" Center 

2 00· ) 00 pm. - Thl' OA."I~ G\1lGr.lmmar tll Me-(h,lO)I.~) 
Wnrk .. hllp I .. d(' .. '~ncd r~lr 'cudcnI'\ \\ t1\.l ... C fl~ 1.1ngu.1gc I" nol 
Englt'ih .. and whn would lIke 10 \\llfk un d .,nf)mg O.:lSIC gr.un-
m.nKdl cnn(:cpls .mJ J.ppl~ 109 Ihl'm In l'xtcn,,,·l" "}"'lcrn.llIl· 
'>C.·rle., 01 prJ.I..II\.JI (''"Cfll .. '-· ... An C\ Crtlt;C mJnual Will ht' u.,ed 
All ~ork "III No ltlmplct\·cJ In Ihc (:\lOte\:' of Ihl' work<.h\lp 
L'Bi010 

230-" '30 pm - Hon(l .... v.mk..hnp ... md Inul\"Idu.d ,1"'iI"'I • 
;ml..c r" .. rfl~,hmt·n .lnd <;;nphtlm\lre" fhe \\ ll rk~hllp \\111 rfWoo u<" 
lin ,hc .. hi)" pdpcr Ihl' l'SS.ly l·~J.rn .• lnd Il1c pr~llc"'O(lr ...... 1 
p.tnner ":ItuJ{·nt .. " III h.l\"c [l1e 11Pf~JrtUnlf} 10 leJrIl .l word 
rr(\\.l.'''t.s,"~ S) lem '\M Sfudl'nr.. .Jrt~ c~pcll.llI) l·m·(lUrag('d Itl 
JPpl) CIt! ~<lrrl'll l\lrem.ln ,I! 5H·12.tH r~ldurlhcr Inrormd-
lI(1n or.1Il <l P,""",,)lnUlWnt U~B 4\l711 
TUESDAY. MARCH 7 
1100 a. m.- I·OO p m. and 2:00-5;00 p.rn, - Honor .. \\\lrk 
~l'Iops Jnu Indl\ IduJI a~"I<'I .mlt· lor In'~hmen ;tnd ""rho. 
m,lrc" ThC' wllrksh(\p ~'III kk.:u .. on Ihe ~hon p..lpt.·r. (hl·l· ..... I) 
t:.\.lm. Jnd thl' pmrl· ... "'r a;;.1 p.rnnrr "'[ude-n" Will h." c Ihe 

11p~lrtUnl l ) 10 leJrn J \\t .. rcl pr("lC,· c-s!>lnA ~)"ttem ~ ... ruue",!'> 
.Ire l·~tx'tI.ll1,· cnl"ourag<:d III .lpr1) Cdl FJrrdl J-orcm.m .11 

~H·lllH for (unher Inrorm.lfIlln or .lIl ... ppmmmC'nt V B 
4070 

1'30 p.m. - INTER\l[WI"iG ,,11_'-' WORKSHOp· Do yo" 
rn~ed hdp In preparing 11.1r J(',h Inti.·"·ll·" .. ' C.lrel'l "l~n 11..(''\ 
Ccnter \\111 rmWldl' 11th on ,hI.: he .. , W.l)· ... [0 pr~ !'C' nt ~(lUr 
qu.1111140.:.ulIln3 .lnd wh.1! kind \11 ,"11.:1""\ Ie" qUl''ilhm .. lllOpt.'t..[ 
t..lrC'Cf "-('''H.l'\ (l·nt('r 

1.30-" 00 pm - DROp·IN AD\Nr>.G HOUR.' 1-01 hdp 
wllh Guc('r gloMI.,. Joh hUllIln~, rc .. ume pn'pJIUrlOn or explm. 
111& pf(lfl'~slon..ll orgrJdu..1I~· ",h~)(ll oppor,unllll'''' l\,"l.tppoIIH-
OlCm 0<."1l· ...... 11) IU"" w ... lk·1Il Carccr 1.,(" 1I.."C" Cenler 

3'00 p.m - I'\T[R.'ATIONAL All-AIR., Gr.ldll.,,,· 5th ... ,,1 
Option ... ""') \-nu ".1111 .10 ~ lnrl·rn;"llm.ll "JrC"er' Ol' )·~lU nl'ed 
mMl'edur.IIHlO'Wh.1I progl.lnl "rtght (myou'Gcr lnlMlnJ-
tllln till lilt' ~lcJml'i"I(1n ... pr()u .... ., (.Jr('~·r Se" 11..'" CCI1lt.'r 
WEDNESDAY, MA RCH 8 
12 )0- .. )0 p .m. HtIOO ..... y,.ork"ihllp" .Uld md"·ldu.11 J'~ISI­
.mll· ror freshmcn .lOu .... )phlllTh. .. rc .. Tht' " nrk ... hop" III rOtu .. 
on (hl' ... hllil p.lper. ,hr c ..... lr c"'.lm .lOd Ihe pmk.,sor .,~ .a 
p..trtner 'iludl'nI" Will h.I\(· Iht' uppor!unll) ro \C'.ITn .1 worJ 
pnx l·.,,, ng "'Y .. ICIO ~\A "ruticnls JrC" l·SPC"I.lI1)· ('llulur.lgcd to 
.ll"'ply C.llll.urdl ll)rem.m.1I ,))4·l1tH rtlr Iunher mf(lrmJ· 
Unn llr .In dpP(lllHmCnt USB -+070 

1.00 pm. - rHE MARKHABI E Rr~UME WORKSHOP. 
Le.lrn hn\l 10 lOnStruCI J st ... tc-"r- tnc-.ln resume ,h.1! y,. 111 make 
)',)U ;IJnu \lU' Ir,lIn ,ht, cnl" 'd CJrcer Scf\ Il"es CCnlt"r 

I 30-~ _00 pm - DROP·IN ADVI,IN(; 1I0l R.o, I"" hdp 
WIth t...trccr gO.II .... Jtlh hUllllng. rl·<.;umc prepJrdthln ~'r cxplllr· 
Ing pr~"c""ll,"J.Il .... gr.lduJ.lc \4.. ht'nl oppt)f(Unll ll'" ""in appCllnT 
Jlll'nt nCU'''~If) IU.,I \/o.llk-1n CJrccr 5<-" ·ll(") C{'mcr 
THURSDAY. MARCil 9 
II 00 .1 In -lOO p m - Htmor~ "nrk~htlp., dnd Indl\ Idu,11 
,"''''<;I.lm·c lor frc ... hmcn .. md 5t .. ph~'morcsl hr w\lrk!'htlp ~ III 
fll\ U ... ,\0 thl' .. hon p,II">t:r ,hl' (' ..... 1) tX,lln .md thc pr{lft.'s'-tlr .1$ 
.1 p,tnnl'r 'IUU('nt'i \/0111 h.I\(.· the llpJ>lmumt) h11c.lrn .1 Wtlrd 

pn"k.l·~"lng S)'sl('m ~ 'oIudcnr<., .Ire ('spt..·I.. I.III)' ('nt..tHlr.lgrdl~l 
.Ippl)· C.lll f.lrrdl ron·mJn.1I 514-!1Si fill lurthl'l mllmn.1 
111)0 or.1I1 .IPPC'II1Ulll'llI li~11 4070 

200 p.m. - IId-m.·,", Iln ,he Hump (tHlll' I'"n (.n\'\· , .1 t1l1 
Ihc Hump .tnt.! .. pt·.lk Hrhrc\,1 'Pt'n"unj b~ Ihl' l:nltlO III 
)1.:" I.,h ~lUd~'llh .11 U( '1D 

RECREATIO 
l'H RSDA I'. MARCH 9 
6.15 P m l!'>o rtR~ATIll;>.iAL I nOD I AIR I~)I I L'e Kn , 
In hl'U 'll.1 r hur'td.l) "I~h' nlnn,'1 ,",l' \\ III nc h,l\ In~ ,I "ipnl,11 
IltItlul k dlrllH'1 u1!nhl1l1l1g hurh Ih .. , <.,wdl'nt .lOti l'lITlIl) lnl11 
munull· ... Am,ln,' Inll'rc ... I,·d III hdl')tng I >til \\ IIh Ihl' d,nnL'1 
... hoilid lll",.t~ I J')'04:ph \ j.c;t': l04\.ll KIm \4'57-'5 N7l ,11I\ndll".1 

~')/"t I ~ilJ) L .,,,·\·r ... ,,) Luther.ln ( hurl h llmll r 1)1' hlHn 
Plm· .. ,mti 1.1 Jllll.l .... hlln' .. Dr 

ORGAN IZATIONAL MEETINGS 
WEDNLSDA I'. MARCil II 
IOOOam . 300pn, 1."\ t~1hll·lnRndll·rt.I:.1 lht·l ... r,ll'l 
AllI\ IIll'" C. ,)lint II I' ... ,.llInl h\ 1l11·mha .. ,II Ihe ll'" .U1d 
pr,'\ IJ\' .. lnJ"lm.llltm .1"'-lUI ,III It'\\ I ... h .llll' 111t·~ "n l.Ilnpu .. 
WI DNESDAY. MARCIl 8 
R 00 II m . 12 00 noon lun\. h n Il,,'rIl n.l"'l~ 1Ilii Irlll.1 
111m J.}x'U' Blhll' \1Idr,..,h f ,Ihnud .... 1'ltU1"'Ht·d h\ tllll lnlnn l,1 
1,0\\I .. h "'w('knh.1t L(. .... O -411 \l.llIh\,"", 

The L'CSD Guardian 

DISCUSSIONS 
MONDAY. MARCH 6 
2:00· 3:00 p.m. - )(} }tlU W('nt Il' ,h,\I part)· hllpmg 10 met·! 
)·ou Vcntl... Us(' (.·Ilndllm St..· lbl.' ... nd co\cr your prnhl LeJrn 

h{',~ hI us .. ." II com.'"\.!I)I.U ,hc ncxI nmh cOl1l rol ~sslon ,"J.ly .if 
2: pm af 5IUdcOi He<lhh $(·IVlCC . ..t'wnd nom 
TUESDA Y, MARCH 7 

1:00·200 pm - "" you .. poned chat hot dau' at rhl' puh 
huhJ II )OU gCI.1 noJ uS(" t.nndolllsc n'>(' J,nd c\wer)'llurmd' 
Lc.'Tn .Ihout l.tlOdtlms, bmh nmlwl pIli!). J, .tphr<1gm'i ,md 
spcmllcldc<; .tnd mor~ JllhlS blflh ('onmll O;CS'iltm TucsJJ) .ll 
1 pill .11 ,",lUdem HCJlch ';c""'·l(e .;,cUlml floor 
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 10 
1'00-2:00 p.rn - L.lfo,( fh~nl{, IhlS qu.tner C\l Jnend J brnh 
nmlltll .. r .... ,on prt''iC"nt d by,"·" "Jnng ~ulh·nt tic.llth Advo. 
l·JIl· .... 1t I pm \\'ednl·'iu.l)' on Ihl' "C(,ond Iklt)r 01 "'mdt'Of 
Ht'.llth "c1"\.·lce ThiS I~ )(}UI opponun u)' w hnd OUI )"t)ur 
a'hWl'r:'. pnor tll ... pnn~ hrc.l k' Try til ~lUmp .I. t;HA Ilxt.H I 
TlIURSDAY. MARCil 9 

1:00· 2:00 pm leam .thou! numuun. prt'\"enllng II1t~·t.. 
rldn ... lntl pe l, Il C' .II1\ ... ,IOU .10 .. " en ng )·llur qu{';t1lln .. ilhtlUI 
ft·m.llt.· he.llth . 11 rhe "cll \~om.1n ..... " .... on Thur U.I)· JI I pm 
Lbl rh,1Ou." Ihl" 411.trtcrfOr.tlk \o\.1th.t Swdrm He.llth AdnlC.lt(' 
.11">tlut your l(,"(."erns .• U C,wd('nt Hl'd1rh SC'1""\·li.e "'fCl1nd 00\11 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 
MONDAY. MARCH 6 
7.00 p.m. - C hi Alpha Chn~tlan Ft%m'"hlp Will be ml'Ctln~t 
I{l;'\'t'lic f onnJ.I Loungc 
TUESDAY, MARCli 7 

12:00-1 :00 p m. - BIBLI: SH' D) rh" . ·cck we'll h< r,""h· 
109 ,hc book of M.lrk W('\,c h.ld a grc.lIll1n\' .• 1nd thl' \.\f'('k 
Will be Jusr as great 'itl mmc .Ind le.lm mllrc about Ic"u.; 
Chn!'1 E\'('f')'onc 1'\ more IhJn \.\ c1ctlmr Student C~mcr ~ lu lt l 
Purp,,$(' ROflln 
TUESDAY. MARCH 7 
" :30-6'00 p.m. - (ampu3 ru!t.lde ror Chll" ..,\l·ckl) Blblc 
"uu" - Pcr.,on.,1 M'n"'lrvDc\"~.'lopm('", IntcrnJ[h .. n.ll (cncl'r 
Clmlcren(C' R('x)m 
TUESDAY THROUGIl SATURDAY. MARCIl 7· 11 

~ : OO p.m. C Uh lllt(." MJ"s SponSilrcd b)· thc alh"lrc 
Community .1( Uc.sO Un l\l'TSU} I.uther .. n Chllnh_ 4o.:ornerof 
N T om.')· Pmes ilnd L.l Jol1.l hort's Or 
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 8 
6:00· 7:00 p.m, - III BLr BRAI NS I DRY HerC' Ie; ,Ill 0pJXInun-
II} lor YllU (0 emcr IOto dl \,US51\\I) \.\ uh OIher Chmll.lns nn 
\.Jmpus .Ibout t11dlt('r" of "p,nru .. ,l IInpon .. lIlll' Un lCed CJrn· 
pu" \Itnl'ill) s(XJn'i(lr:- a \\·t:ckl) CWnt ror ... p.rtlUJl (orm.Hlon 
on \ \'cd c\"cntn~s from 610 7 P In CJmpus MInISIf"} fh«' . 
Bldg "'502 behind P(lirl..f' ~1.1l1nn 
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 8 
6:00 p m - HU lliVY' Lond)·? Ourllrclco(lncnd"hlp IStlfX'n 
10 .. II DIIlI.' \q,h Ihl.' LlIlhcrdn u llnmllnll ), .II UCSD CJlh 
Wedncsda)-'.It 600 P m Um\crs ny LUlher.1n hu rcn (Alr,W; 
Ihe sl r{'e, flnm Re\'clle College) 

7:00 p.m. - ' J~lhn l6" l!t ,he BIble study tnpI( ..It Unl\erslI)' 
Lu,her ... n Church "iIXm.-.orcd by rhc LUtlleran campus millIS· 
try En'l)onc 15 wciumle Unt \'t..' rsIIY Luthl"rdn C hUrlh (Acm"is 
,he .. m·l'! frnm Re\ellc College) 

8.00·9:30 p.m. - CAl\OLEUCI t-1T MASS - CUl11l' JOIn us In 
l"cil'br ... "ng .I "'peCI,ll Ma ... s In .1 rl·necu\,l' J nd medndu\e 
m.lnnel A qUlct tlmt· for sharing wnl1 orher"i SplmS<lrcd b)' 
,he CJlhohc t,ludent Ot"l rdln,ltors m U SO Unlv('rsny LUlh-
crJ n ChUrlh l..orncrofN l orrl"y PlI1es.rndlJ.JolI,IShoresDr 
THURSDAY. MARCH 9 
7:)0 p.m_ - Boble Soudy - EPISl,'pJI College S,uden" 0" 
HI:!dtwlh's C hurch. ltU5 Menon A\('nur I ,)r mrorm.lllon 
l.1I rr BIll MJhedy" 565·b66 1 
fRIDAY. MARCil 10 
6:00 p.m - En'nlnA 8.u·8.Q ~' III be S\"k1 nt.\lreu by Ihe 
Unued c.lmpu"t Minh'" Th,,," III Ix- ,Iur .l~1 Fnd.l\ Six 1.1.1 
,md .111 Clpp0rlunu)' 10 rc1.l>. bd"tC' fln"ls ~ef 1111<1 )'t)UI !tfe 

~Ie\'1 ,," Ihe step"t Illlhl' Inu.'rn ... " .. n .• 1 ("cOler rl1l<\ l"C nt l"i 
Ir('{' &. n,:qulre .. In RSVP Itl ~J4 · 2521 
SUNDAY. MARC H 12 
A.OD and 10.00 a.m. Epl"iWp,11 C hu ,('h Wor!>hlp \i.." In' 
')ttl1d,l) LUlh,IfI~' .Inc.! P,ln~h Idl,lwo; nl Jl CtM.lJ " " n ... nt.m 
I 111"'-01',11 ( hun.. h "011 1:.1.,Ig.IIC l11.tll- .Il rll"~ Gc" Ill'''~C II'l1m 
\',N l'nd \11 \,Impu" nimh ofL.IJ oll., VIIi,IRl' Or IIller-.c\II~'n II I 

~.I"IR. ll l' M.IU ,md Gt'nl·"t"l· 

8)0 a m. (.trllll!!l \1 .......... p'Hl .... lfl.~t hrdll C, .• nht'ola ("In 
mUllin .tt U(~[) t nl\\'''II) I u(h,,:r.ln (hurlo.h (.Illl1l·' nr :\ 

rllrT\'~ rlHl'., ,Ind 1.IJIII1.1 4o.htlrl'" Dr 

9 00 :II m, Cl11lq.tc "Voc \1.1 ..... 101 ... lUth .Hld !l·Il,,\\ ... hlp hl'ld 
\\I",kh \\lThln ".,,~ .11\\''\ ... It' I..ltnru", "p"!l .. \,n·d h~ l r\;ll'd 
\. .llll plI" \lInl'lln UC"" .11 14I1Tt') Pml·"C. 11II ... tl.ln( hurlh 
"')201.1 1,\11.1 ~('l1Il Om\" ;\llnh Inl\'rnl.llll'l' of)3 l"I"Si,) 

10.00 a. nt 11Itlll'r.1Il \"'ot.,hlp "'\.'1"\. Il C l1po.'l1 hl.tll L 11t\\., 
.. II~ t ulh,·r.ln ( hur\h lA\.n' ..... Ihl' ~lll·l·1 1111111 Rn,'II,' ( 11Ik~t,) 

~ 00 and Q 00 J> m t .tth,\jl\ \1.1 .... "()t'n'l.''''c.! h~ rhl· 
(.Hh,li" (l'mrnUnll) lIlC .... P llll1\l'!""" 11I,hl'r,1Il ( hurd, 
wlnCI 1,1' I l 'nl'~ r'n\· .... tntl 1.1 1,,11., o;h"ll· ... 1l1 

The UCSD Guardian 

Baseball 
Continued from pllge 20 
I don't think it should have been 
that easy to throw fastballs by 
them." 

While Fisher was impressing 
onlookers with his pitching, Gary 
Fessia continued to light it up 
with his bat. Following up a 4 for 
7, four RBI performance against 
Southern Cal, the centerfielder 
opened the fourth inning with a 
towering shot to left-center that 
cleared the fence with ease to give 
the Tritons a 1-0 lead . His homer 
provided all the support Fisher 
needed, but the Tritons continued 
to pour it on offensively. 

Catcher Jim Martinez followed 
Fe sia's shot with a triple a nd 
came home on a wild pitch . 

In the eighth inning, the Trit-
ons scored four more runs on 
only one hit benefitting from Ram 
frustrations . In the inning, Phila-
delphia Textiles allowed an error, 
four walks, and a hit batter which 
put the game out of reach. 

~Fisher pitched extremely well ," 
said UCSD Head Coach Lyle 
Yates. "He started to get tired in 
the seventh and eighth innings, 

bu t we go t him some runs and gQt 
him his shutout." 

The vic tory improved the 
ninth-ranked Tritons' record to 8-
4 as they won two out of three 
games on the weekend, having 
split a doubleheader Sat urday 
with Southern California College 
(8-7). They lost the first game 5-4, 
then rebounded to ta ke the night -
cap 7-2. 

For six and one-half innings 
lhc Tritons did not execute. They 
had their opportunities but could 
not capitalize on them, stranding 
eight runners, six of whom were 
in scoring position. 

UCSD rallied in the seventh 
with four runs during a two-out 
rally, but fell short when Dave 
Ligerman watched a third strike 
to end the rally and the ballgame. 

"You can't win ballgames 
stranding all the runner we did ," 
Yates explained. "We beat our-
se lves in the first game, but we did 
rebound and were able to take 
that momentum with us into the 
second game." 

In the nightcap, the Tritons 
scored three runs in the first inning 
indicating that the Southern Cali-
fornia College player eemed con-
tent to settle with a split. Behind 

SPORTS 
the pitching of Denny Kubins ki , 
UCSD walked through the second 
game with an easy 7-2 victory. 

" It was a good weekend fo r u ," 
Yates sa id . "We wanted to win 
two out of three and we did that. 
This puts us in the proper posi-
tion for some importan t ga mes 
with Claremont-Mudd." 

UCS D travels to Claremont-
Mudd on Tuesday for a noon 
doubleheader. 

Cycling 
Continued from page 18 
Eleven Turn Criterium, which 
claimed a number of shorts and 
elbows, was the most exci ting 
race of the weekend. 

The women's A race saw UCSD 
take four of the top fi ve places as 
Christie Wellington finished 
second , Julie Hicks third, Jen-
nifer McNamara fourth , and 
Cindy Mathews fifth. 

The men's A race was domi-
nated by Cal Poly which took 
first and second. Michael Robert-
son's ninth place finish was the 
only UCSD finish in the top 10. 

The men's B race was similar to 

Howto et 

the women's A race in terms of 
where UC D's cyclists fini hed as 
Marcu Weber wou nd up in third, 
Mack Huntre s placed fourth , 
and Carlos Santana, who won his 
first field print, finished fifth . 

The D race resembled some-
thing closer 10 a demolition derby 
than a bicycle race , as half the 
field crashed . Tritons Todd 
Westphal , Jeff Craven, and Jason 
Berry s urvived the nightmare to 
place fourth, sixth , and ninth , 
respecti ve ly. 

The final sco re for Sunday's 
Criterium was UCSD 226, Cal 
Poly 171 , and Mesa College 164. 

Fencing 
Continued from page 20 
the foil division. 

UCSD Head Coach Lynne An-
tone lli made no excuses. " We 
knew what to expect . .. it was a 
much tougher field this year," she 
said . " But I'm not ashamed of 
how we did." 

ext weekend the women will 
compete at the NCAA Western 
Regionals in Long Beach. 

-Phil Gruen 

colle ewith 
money to are: 

1. Buy a Macintosh. 

--- 4 
2. Add a peripheral. 

• l.tfi.r .. h1tf 

--
, -

3. Get a nice, fat check. 
Now through ~Iarch :\1, when \'Ou huy selected ,\lacintosh"SE or MaCintosh II computers, you 'lI get 

a rehate for up to half the suggested retail price of the Apple peripherals you add on- so you'lI ave up to S800. 
Ask for details today where computer are sold on campus. 

•• University Bookstore 
Computer Center 

534-4291 
19H'1 .i/{Iit' c""q,~" I" ,' .W~(· m. .w~. 0fi<llllllllk.mll.iJb lIn! rt1I",,,,,,1 ",.I""IIY"" 'II Af{1Ir Col,,,,,,, ... I,. emil'" '""""""Iii IIffJ/I All rt'ixoI., """"1 /I) 

""'-11)11''111'11111. .,. II"/) Ihr 1m"l mill 0 1111111/(111..1 (i Ib! .i{(Ik ItIIS II,",. Pn~""'m G'fuddmrs ("'(11",,* jull ,)QUr mIII»1:ai AfrJ4' rrklkr OJ}rf','OId Mtrrn> pniJiblfwt hrltlN 

Mondol'. Marr h 6, 1989 17 

Softball 
Continued from pale 20 

In the nightcap, Stacie Sasaki 
allowed only three hits while shut-
ting out La Verne, 2-0. Sa aki has 
surrendered only one run in her 
14 in nings of work this year. 

~ I was a little worried after 
watching La Verne iii the first 
game," Sasaki sa id , referring to 
the seven runs produced by the 
Leopards' offense. "But my rise 
ball and my junIt-were working 
for me." 

Indeed they were. During one" 
two-inning stretch, Sasaki induced 
La Verne batters into hitting 
nothing but pop-ups. 

Chaiken was also a major 
offensive factor in the second 
game, scoring both runs in a 1-
for-2 performance . Coupled with 
her 4-for-4 performance in the 
first game, Chaiken wound up 
with an .833 batting average on 
the day. 

UCSD hosts Occidental in a 2 
p.m. doubleheader on Wednes-
day at the orth Campus Recrea-
tion Field . 

ClAIREMONT SQUAI1E 
INc,I'OVCNS) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(N~/I TO PIn,; HUf) 566-6100 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

( ACIlOSS FROM MANN THCAI~) 
~S-()Il20 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APf'f. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAllA8l.E 

A FUNTIME 
bargain awaits you in Baja 
California at the world-
famous Rosarito Beach 
Hotel (only Y2 hour drive 
south of Tijuana, Mexico). 
Dancing, Swimming, Tennis, 
Racquetball Courts. Fully 
Equipped Gym & Sauna, 
and our Hotel's many fine 
faCilities. 

I"quir~ about our mid-wnk 
Special Prius! 

Call your Iravcl agent or dial dlrecl : 
(7061 612·11 06 or 1126 

or wrrle our U S mallong address: 
P.O. Box 145 Sin Yaldra. CA 92073 

.... 



18 

I 

MO/ldal" March 6. }989 

Experience with us the fun and excitement of 
learning to Hang Glide. All equipment is included 
and we are just minutes from the UCSD campus. 
Class size is limited and reseNations are required. 

CALL NOW TO RESERVE 

(j~ HANC CLlDING #.2, CENTE~ STUDENT GROUP DISCOUNTS 
AVAIlABLE 

450-9008 
Y 

WHY· 
PAY MORE FOR 

CAR INSURANCE!! 
DISCOUNTS 

You con btn~fit from thut discounts: 
- Good Sludent - tudents under 25 with a B average qualify for a 25,,} 

discount. 

- Driver'. Trainin, - Students under 21 who pass an approved driver ', 
Iraining course qualify for a IO~1, discount. 

- Der.nsive Driving - For pas ing a defensive driving course. a 10'1 
discounl a ppl ies 

• C llim-F r •• - If yo u haven 't submitted a claim III Iwo yea .. or more. you 
qualify for a 5<:'0-15% di count . 

• Multi-Car - For covering two or more cars under one policy, a IO%-15C( 
dl>count will be included on your pollcy_ 

• Mllur. Driver - Dri •• rs between 50 and b4 years of age qualify for a 2\', -
24$f di,count . 

CALL NOW FOR A FREE QUOTATION (619)299-8667 
Life and Meo:jjcal Available 

We're an A+ Company, 110 Years in {he Bu iness 
CundulQ"J and reHTlOUlfIJ mal upph 

SPORT 

UCSD Cycling Speeds to Victories 
in Races at Weekend Invitational 

By SCOTI' LANTE RM AN 
Guardian IflleTIJ 

This weekend, the UCSD cy-
cling team, in it only home event 
of the season, won all three of its 
sc heduled races . The Tritons 
hammered their compet ition in 
the Third College Road Race, the 
Lusk Uphi ll Time Tria l, and t he 
Eleven Turn Criterium. 

Saturday's Third College Road 
Race opened the UCS D home 
cycling event_ The course, with 
two 90-degree turns and two steep 
hills, made it d ifficult for any 
breakaways to succeed . 

The men's A race began poorly 
for UCS D when Dave T hiele and 
Scott Holtz slid and fe ll on the 
water covering the third turn. 
Thiele wa taken to the hospital 
with a lacerated knee, but one 
UCSD rider managed to escape 
in a four-man breakaway to finish 
fifth . 

An exciting men 's B race was 
won wi th a solo victory by Mar-
cu Weber who successfully chased 
down the lead group and sur-
passed it. 

ster rode co n istently in second 
place and Shelly Lerner fini hed 
third . 

The to p three tea ms of the 15 
which competed in Saturday's 
road race were UCSD with a 
scoreof l85point ,UCLAat 145, 
and Cal Poly wit.h 108 points. 

In the Lusk Uphill Time Trial, 
UCSD placed first with 214 points, 

al Poly took second with 167, 
a nd UCLA ended up in third 
place with 109 points. Cal Poly 
could have been a greater threat , 
but lacked a women 's teain . The 
best time posted by UCSD was by 
Marc Clevenger, who won the Bs 
a nd placed third overa ll. 

Sunday's technically difficult 
See CYCLING, page 17 

The women's B team performed Christie Wellington finished second in yesterday's A race. 
well on Saturday a Kathy Web-

Track 
Continued from page 20 

outhwestern, the team hould be 
called the UCS D omad s. 

Stanforth, however, remai ns 
optimistic about the future of his 
team. "We're you ng, but we're 
tryi ng to build a program that's 
not satisfied with j ust being com-
petitive on the Division III level. " 

A test of how far the Tritons 
have gone towards this end comes 
next Saturday when they will 
compete in the Cal State Los 
Angeles All-Comers meet, one 
that will feature teams from all 
three divisions. 

Crew 
Contin ued from page 20 
appoint. The three novice boats 
and the two var ity eights came 
away with victorie over Ca l Poly 
in all of the races, a llowi ng UCSD 
rowers to walk away with the 
opposition's jerseys as their vic-
tory prizes. 

The novice first boat bega n the 
day in an a uspicious manner as it 
blew its competitors off the line 
and then went o n to win the 1850-
meter course with a time of 5:28. 

The second novice eight won in 
a si milar fashion , finishing four 
boat lengths ahead at 5:38. The 
novice lightweight boat flew to an 
equa lly impressive victory over 
Cal Poly in the third race of the 
day. 

The varsity crews picked up 
where the ovices left off. The 
lightweights held an open-water 
lead midway through the race, 
and cruised to victory in 5:25. 
Their time was bested only by 
that of the heavyweights_ 

In the most exciting and tense 
race of the day for the men, the 
UCS D heavyweights pulled off 
the victory in 5: 16 after racing 
neck-and neck with Cal Poly for 
the duration of the course. 

As the two crews crossed the 
finish line, it was unclear from the 
spectator's viewpoint as to whic h 
boat had pulled it out. When 
Triton Head Coach Mike Shan-
non flashed a "thumbs-up" sign, 
however, it became ap paren t that 
the Tritons had won and that 
their men 's boats had made a 
clean sweep of the day. 

For the women's team, the 
novice boats emerged victorious 
each time they took to the water . 
The novice B boat started things 

off by jumping ahead of it com-
petition and maintaining its lead 
over the entire 1800-metercour e. 

The novice lightweights took 
this as a cue and maintained the 
momentum, fi nishing al 6:37. 
Co nt inuing the novice domina-
tion , the A boat held off a Cal 
Poly sprint and crossed the line a t 
6: 12. Novice coach Pam Lellis 
was pleased with the results. 

"They're a real high energy 
bunch, so l just have to channel it 
into rowing," Lellis commented. 

The women's varsity team, on 
the other hand, did nut fare quite 
as well. The varsi ty B boat 
struggled , finishing six seconds 
behind Cal Po ly with a time of 
6:20. In a tough battle down the 
course, the A boat crossed the line 
at 6:08,just eight seconds behind 
its opponents. 

Varsity losses were disappoint-
ing for the women rowers. "We 
had perfect starts during th e 
warm-ups, but we just didn't exe-
cute during the race," varsity 
stroke Julie Mattison pointed out. 

Next weekend , the women host 
lISC on Saturday morning, and 
on S unday both the men and 
women will face UCS B and Santa 
Barbara City College. 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED AD 

RATES 
(per 15 words): 

The home of the 
49¢ hal11burger. 

! ! m U~lJOII(}/~m Indlvldull 

All others - $4. 
Studenl 

Organizations pay 
the $3 nte - not 
the student ratel 

Please enclose Ihe 
correct amount 10 
Insure publication 

01 your ad. 

Thank you . 

...... &{fou. 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IL~IIII! .. ~--------------------

---ALLAMEruCAN-MEAL--- m 
II 
I I 
II 
II 
II 
II 

Quarter Pounder · with Cheese. Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink II 

II 
limit one coupon per 
customer. per VISit Please 
present coupon when 
ordering Not valid With 
anv other offer 

~ Goodthru m April 16, 1989 ii ___ iiiii_ 
, JUS t $1 99 :1 

(plus tax) II 
Only at: II 

7140 Miramar Rd.@ 
Son Diego 

1237 Pr08peCf -N\ .... 
La Jolla '-1-+ 

__ii ___ iiiiii_ 

M onday. March 6. 1989 19 

CLASSIFIEDS 
_______________________________ ~~D~~~~-----------------------------

CIIU"11II Mv.tillng II HId In 15·_d Incrl-a_ 
TIM rll. per 15 worda II 51 .... Itudlftll. 53 lor 
IlCully •• d 11111 • • nd 54 lor otherl. Plym.nt In 
IIIvlna II rlqulrld: IMrItIl'I. MIl .UII III mllllll 
wHh I chtck (P.YI"" II IhI UCSO Guardlllli or 
prlllRlli In pena PI... IMv. met chIngI. 
Dud" .. erl 4 p .• . ThuII'.y III' 100000Y·IIIIUt. 4 
p.lI ...... y far Thanilly'l IIIUI. The Bulnliin 
1'IWV ..... rlg/IIID r ....... y IdvIrtlllng Includl .. 
but ... II.HIII II .. .,....hlp l1li. For _. 
InfIr ........ 1:111 534-5418. TIM Guer",,, UC80. B-
018. LI Jilli. CA lI20II3. 

Reverse the arms race Help end nuclear 
weapons leslln9 JOin Olher San Dlegans al a 
legal rally on ax day. Ap'" 15. allhe Nevada 
nuclear leSI Me Non-violence preparation IS 
rocommended Call Alliance for Survival fOf' 
InformallOn 277-0991 (3/ 13) 

Aborlion Forum Tues March 7. 7 pm HSS 
1330. Are you pro or con? Free AdmiSSion (319) 

WAITED 
~ I ~ Free Room and board In La Jolla In exchange ~ =- '" ""-Om. "'" .~ " .. ~ ~, .~ -3301 (3/6) 
Credll for Your Old Tesls! We pic k Upl 
Hyperlearnlng. an Innovative 1u10rial program in 
La Jotla Village ~USI SOUlh of UCSD). IS paying 
$l/class (up 10 SfO/ student) for old lests. 
syllabi. and course/seellon handouts for all 
Math. Physrcs. Chem. and Blo classes_ We 
believe a Public Test BanklHandouts File IS the 
only lalf way to ellmnale the selective advantage 
of Ihe old leSI underground. and Improve the 
general Quality 01 supplemenls available In Ihese 
classes If you need 10 keep you' or'!)lnals. we 
will accept photocopies. All siudeni Willing Will 
be ellmlnaled from our file caples Tests and 
handouts from the last four years are parllcularly 
des"ad. Jusr call 546-8273 and leave a 
message We'lI get back 10 you and arrange a 
convenlenl pICk up lime Thanks

' 

(We'lI photo-
copy your teslS for free and rei urn Ihe Of'lglnals 
10 you .)(3/6) 

Come see the Men'S Lacrosse Team play 
Manhallanville College Irom New York. 3 pm 
Warren West Food and Beverages Will be on 
hand. T-Shirts and lanks Will be sold (3/9) 

G REA TOE A L SI Unrverslty Bookslore 
MOVing Sale March 6-10 (3/6) 

ThiS Wednesday Ihe Lacrosse Team Will have a 
booth on Revelle Plaza seiling hOI dogs and 
hamburgers Wllh sodas. Come support the 
undefealed LAXMEN.(3/ 6) 

The Men's Lacrosse Team would like 10 thank 
all 01 Our lans who came to watch us beat San 
Diego Siale and UC IrVine You all made Ihe 
dillerence (3/6) 

The All-Campus Commuter Board presents a 
BBO deallor you Ihis Thursday. 11 :30- 1:30 p.m. 
on the Plaza, at MOM. and in front ot Peterson 
Halt. 50¢ burgers and 25e sodas~3/6) 

Meel lhe ASUCSD Elecllons Manager. Julia 
Ramrrez at WARREN'S SOC "all you can eal" 
commUier breakfaslTuesdayfrom 7 3D-lOa m 
In (he Provost Converence Rom. learn about 
running lor oNlce

'
(3/6) 

FlYing somewhere for SPrIng Break? Call 534-
4235 for your reservallon on lhe AIRPORT 
SHUTILE SERVICE It Will be running March 
21 -23 and Ap'" 2 Call NOWI(3 /9) 

Get a head Slart Come 10 ASIO and gel a 
summer Inlernshlp In the San Diego area 
AppllcaliOns are due at the end of fourth week of 
Spnng Quarter (3/16) 

G REA TOE A L sr Uno'fprslty BookstOf'e 
MOVing Sale. March 6- t 0 (3/6) 

Jackson Hole over Spnng Break? Only a few 
IIckets lelt lor 5 days ot skIIng and partYing With 
Ihe Radically Inc lined Ski Club. Tnp Includes 
Transportallon (Party Bus). Lift Tlx. LOdging and 
parties for only $37511 Come by RISC office 11-2 
or call Paul Of' Tony at 558-0SKI lor more 
Inlo (3/6) 

Martin Luther King. Jr advocaled peace. tove. 
and non~vlolence He was winner altha Nobel 
Peace Pnze In 1964 JOin Ihe community 
movement 10 name the new San Diego 
Convenlion Center for Dr King. Wille 10 Mayor 
O'Conner and Ihe Clly counCilors. Call Alliance 
tOf' SurVival lor InformatIOn 277-0991 (3/9) 

Want 10 be a loundlng tather. come check oul 
the newest fraterMy on campus. Phi Kappa 
Thela Mondays. 7 pm In USB 3010 (319) 

ReSlauaranl - IL FORNAIO CUCINA ITALIANA 
NOW HIRING Full service. NOrthern lIahan 
restaurant serving breadlast, lunch, and dinner, 
relall and wholesale bakery Opens Ap'" 3rd In 
Ihe Del Mar Plaza Posilions Available Line and 
pantry cooks. Relail bakery sales Hosi. FOOd 
servers, Cocktail servers, Bartenders and 
Dtshwashers Apply In person March 7.8.9. 9 
a m to 5 pm 15th and Camino Del Mar. Del 
Mar Full ben"ls / EOE (3/6) 

Exciling OPPOrtunlly wllh expanding company 
Flex hours on I vII c ampus Looking for 5 
dynamiC IndiViduals 753-4856 (3/6) 

AClors. sel deSigners for financed. sludenl 
Video 10 be entered In compelltlons Call Audra 
481-5218(3/6) 

Models Needed Immedlalely (wllhln nexllhree 
days. II pOSSible) . 2 Female mOdels wlwo 
expenence (18·30 years) $10-$25 / hr.(Seml-
clothed) Call 272-3397 Mon 5-12 mid. Tues 
5-12 mid. Call 270-5050 (wk) Wed. 5-630 p m 
930- 1030 pm or leave name and ~ @ 270-
5050 lor Mallhew anytime day Of' evening (3 /6) 

National marketing firm seeks ambilious, malure 
student to manage on·campus promotions for 
top national companies thiS school year FleXible 
hours wllh earnings pOlenllal to $2.500 Call 
1-800-932-0528 Exl 26 (3/6) 

Wanted S4jmmer Camp Counselcws and MUSIC 
SpeCialist NOrth County Branch JeWish Com-
munlly Cenler Call 944-0640 (3 / 13) 

Branch management positions available In your 
homelown dUling Ihe summer Earn $6-15.000 
and gain valuable bUSiness experience No 
InveSlmem ACI now

' 

Call Siudenl Painters for 
more Intormallon at 1-800-426-6441 (3113) 

Taking PhYSICS 2B and need sludy buddies? 
Prepare for qUizzes and the 'Inal With a small 
group II Interested. call 270-1936 and ask for 
Roark.(3 / 13) 

Alaska Summer Emptoymenl - Flshenes Earn 
$600 plu.; / week In cannery. 58.ooo-$t2.000 
~us for two monfhs on flshmg vessel No 
expenence necessay Male or Female For 64-
page employmenl booklet . send $695 
10 M&L Research. Box 84008-XA. Sea111e WA 
98124 - 30 day uncondlllOnal 100% money 
back guarantee (4/3) 

I 
TYPING I WORD PROCESSING wllh Laser 
Pnnhng Low cost term papers, theses, resu· 
mes Fasl

' 

NADINE 578-0496 (3113) 

TUTORING A proven melhod lowards bener 
grades Reasonablo rates All sublects FOf' 
appointment call 755-2669 (4 / 3) 

MACINTOSH SERVICE CENTER Component 
level repalf. FREE estlmales reasonable rales. 
weekends OK' Eg analog board $99 w /exch. 
,1 Meg RAM tor ./SE/Il $380 40 Meg HD for 
SE $470 128 /5 12 upgrades available Next to 
UCSD. Approved vendor PO s 
Ok CALL COMPUFIX 535 - 0930 
Buy Broken Macsl(4 /3) 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• f "'"d f "'" 30 ~ S : 
i 'wm."",," 1~" Oris- _ i 
• W o lff Sys tem - 2nd 30 Tan Days $39 Ca ll for deta ils • 

I---------------------~----I 
• Lose up to 18" • 
= in one session i 
= $39 European Body Wrap • 
• Not a l emporary waler 10 .. - Reduce cellulite - 0 exerCISe = 
• LA JOLLA 459-5165 TAN PACIFIC BEACH 581 -9060 
• SOLANA BEACH 259-3150 4 LESS SPORTS ARENA Z97-WRAP • 
• ' Int ro M ini Wr.p-call for del.11> Il/""'\ J 1.1 XY •• 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Olga Ba" EleClrologlsl 1200 10 1500 halfs per 
hour 3251 Holiday Court. SUile 203A Siudeni 
D,scounls (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962 
(3/13) 

Word ProcesSlnglTyplng - IBM/Maclntosh 
systems - APA Available - Rush lobs spe-
crally - Burke Secretanal - P B 274-8305 
(3113) 

Word Processing Services Prolesslonal 
Quality - Reasonable Rales Call lisa 566-
9096 (evenings) (3/9) 

Housesilling Service. MInimum one month 
La JollalNorlh Counly Excellent UCSD reler-
ences plus JacQule 481 -8965 (3/6) 

AIRPORT SHUTILE SERVICE March 21 -23 
and April 2 Call 534-4235 lor reservallon (3 /9) 

Need lutOllng In math. phYSICS. Or biology? Call 
Will al 558-0245 or 554-2130 (3 / 9) 

MOdeling Pholographer Will !rade pnnts lor 
modeling Non-pOf'nographlc studies M/F. no 
5. Mark 456-1982(3 /9) 

Freel Bible Correspondence Course Non-
denominational 747-4155 PO Box 27393G 
Esc Ca 92027 (3/6) 

Word Processlng / W"lIng TUlor Gel bel1er 
grades on your papersl Laserprlnler Call Barry 
450·9183(3/9) 

Word Processing. Siudent Rates 7 days a 
week. Excellent English Skills 755-2683 (4 16) 

PASSPORT PICTURES' New al Cal Copy 
Only $595 While you walt Xeroxes and more 
Near SI Germalns 452-9949 
(3113) 

Word Processing laser printer gIVes 
Iypesel-Quailly papers $150/ dbl spc page 
Rush lobs available Free pickup and delivery 
Craig 452-6934 (4 / 3) 

WE INSTALL YOUR AUTO STEREO and 
speaker systems at Ihe lowest rates In the 
county Over 20 years combined e)(perrence 
PERFORMANCE AUTO SOUND 
744-7026 (3113) 

Word ProcesSing - IBM w /laser printer Siu 
dent Papers and Resumes Reasonable Inpul l 
OutpuI53O-0470(3 / 13) 

FORIW£ I 
CD Player for sale Greal bargain - $150 Call 
Damon a1535-0655 lor morelnlormallon (3113) 

SurtboardS 68 In-lin ($120) and 6'3 min.-gun 
($75) Clean. light fasl Leashes Induded Phrl 
792-9755 (3 / 9) 

Complete Computer System - Pnnter Monllor. 
1200 Band MOdem. 2 disk dnves over 100 
disks sollware. 80-column Perfect for word 
processing VT I 00 use games Call John 558-
2433 5500 abo (3 / 6) 

Roundlnp IIcket Irom SO to SFO LeaVing 191h 
and relurnlng Ap,,12 $58 Jason 558-7704 (3 9) 

Panasonlc 4-C01Of' Typew"tElf / ptotter. graphiCS 
3 3K memory. mU"llpie fonts rs-232C Interface 
Call Scol1581-3143(3/ 6) 

FOf' Sale Alfplane T,ckello SF March 18. 930 
am $29 Call Sue 558-7386 / 558-8722 (3 /9) 

Yamaha R,va t 80cc Freeway Legal 5450 
Nath"n 455-8299 (3 / 6) 

For Sale Charvel Modet VI gUilar and Peavey 
Renoun 300 Combo Amp DereI755-5804 (3 / 6) 

Single bed, excellenl condilion Almosl new 
$750bo 457-2606.(3 /9) 

$1.00 OFF 

Espresso/CapucclnO machine New, In box 
550 Do well on I,nals

' 
Call Eric 581 - 1582 (3/9) 

MaCintosh 512 SE Plus Hard Dnve. Upgrade. 
Accessofles You name It rve gal II for sale new 
or used and cheap as you'W ever find I guaran· 
tee and offer Inexpensive service. Jim 558-
t949.(3/6) 

Refr'9eralor. tWin bed. nlghllable. woman s 5-
speed bike. best oHer 565-9665 eves or 
weekends (3 / 6) 

6'4" PUrringlon ThruSler Surfboard Cleanlonly 
$180 Ca ll Mike 578-8826 (3/6) 

For Sale 81 VW Rabbll DSL Great Condition 
OrlQ Owner $1500 obo 558-6707(4 / 6) 

Bikes 1986 NIShlkl T,,-A. 12-speed. Sh,mano 
600EX Araya Rims Look pedals (sport). great 
cond 5300 1985 Cannondale. llghtwelghl alum 
lou"ng Irame 12-speed eaSIly adaplable 10 
18-speed. gOOd cond 5350 Call Mike 722-2818 
wk Or 967-6703 hm (3 / 9) 

Arwa "Fhp-Iront car Slereo Exc Cond 5500 
new sell lor 5200 James. 558- 1275 (316) 

62 G&S/ Russo Surfboard w l lraC-IOp Only 
used 2x $200 Call Mike 578-8826 (3 / 9) 

6'4 ' PUrington Surfboard Infln With ASlrOdeck 
MUSI see 2 clean Only $200 Call Mike 
586-7173 (3 / 6) 

Rusly Surfboard 6'2 gOOd condilion. light blank. 
4 oz glass. desperate. $ t 00 00 obo Dan 
452-3791 (3 / 6) 

1986 Honda InterceptOf' 500 Excellent condr-
lion Runs perfeci New Melzeler Tlfes. FerOdos 
LOOkS greal Sill under warranly 51.800 Leave 
message at 558-6476(3 / 13) 

1986 Cougar - Good condilion Beaulilul car 
Automatic. AM / FM stereo cassene

' 

New tires 
One owner. 56.500 Call Debbie al 558-8330 
anytime Of' leave message on mach,ne (3 / 9) 

Black Pocket Microphone / Transmitter left In 
STl-002 on Thurs 2/2/ 89 Unilis essenMllO 
lectures because I'm heanng Impaired If found 
please call B"an@45O-0760 REWARD"'(3 113) 

LOST Palf 01 prescrlplrun glasses Mollled 
brown fr;:)mes .n brown case I desperately 
need Ihem. and cannot afford another pair 
546-1464 (3 / 9) 

LOST Prescnplion RayBan sunglasses In brown 
plasllc case Lost In The Pub on 2 124 189 
Reward If found please call 270 4696 Brell 
(3 9) 

Pacrtlc Beach Oceanfront condo 2 bedroom 2 
bath JacuZZI. sauna. wei bar laundry facilil ies. 
Near bus Fully lurnlshed S 1175 per month. 
Reduced ra le lor responsible renler Mall 483-
9516 or 23O-t6OO(3/13) 

Bedroom and silting room. own balh.ln beautiful 
3 bedroom condo near UCSD garage. "replace. 
laundry. pool lennls MIF Available March 15. 
$395 plus ulllilies. 453-6975. Leave message 
(3/6) 

Hamburg-La Jotla exchange soughl by Ger-
man faculty family working In La Jolla, mid July 
10 end of Augusl Dales somewhal Ilexlbie 
Delalls Irom Dr R Milligan. SCrIPPS CliniC. Tel 
No 554-9827 (416) 

Roommate wantea Mira Mesa area Master 
BDRM. $3OO/ mo plus 1I4ullirties Non-smoker 
malelfemale SpacIOus 587-9201 (3113) 

Two female roommates wanted spring quarter 
4 Slorey house P B Close 10 ocean 5260 /mo 
488-3268(3116) 

La Jolla Colony Single Room Female wanled 
Washer . dryer. pool . facuZZI . parking 5350 
COrInna 453-4437 (4 13) 

M/ F nonsmoking roommate wanted tor own 
room In clean. qwet. comforlable condo Ament-
lies Include w & d. dw cable and garage 
53751mo utlfltres Included Call Bllan al 
546-8159 (3113) 

PaCifiC Beach Room for renl 5260 ptus ulililies 
Fun-lOVing roomies Included Call Bob 270-
9083(3 / 9) 

See CLASSIFJEDS, page 9 

Make up to 
$1,000 

in 
one week. 
Student organizations, 

fratern ities, sororities 
needed for 1 -week 
marketing project 

right on campus. Must 
be organized and 

motivated. 
CALL 

1-800-950-&472. eX.110. 

r------------------, 
II 25A~O OFF Any small. II 

.." medium or large 
I frozen yogurt I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I Void WIllI .",.,. oilier oIIIIr. I 
I ropplnge nat Included. Explr .. 3/ 12/ 89 I One coupon 10 a 
I CUIIomef I 
I ~ I Moun: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. I 11-11 Fri. & Sot. l u I 
I 12-10:30 Sun. 10" . I v~~W' 
I 7770 Regents Rd., Suite 108 s;Ej~:::t:=:j I (In Vons Shopping Center) L..!' boO, L __________________ ~ 

Instant 
Passport 
Photos 

r-a~ 1 OPOH 10)-' 
l I "a full service" I 
I CAR WASH I 

No appointment necessary. 
One coupon per customer. 

kinko·s· 
open 24 hours 
457-3775 L ____________ ~ 

I I I All-cloth brushes, interior I 
I vacuum, hand finish I 
I ~ I I 2 o~~"~~,!: !:,~/,"'" i 
I 571& Miramar Rd. 455 1120 I I CLOSEST FULL SERVICE - I ! CAR WASH TO UCSO . CORNER OF MIRAMAR & EASTGATE J 
--------------------------



20 MOIle/ay. lort'1! fl. 19 9 

Cal St. San Bernardino Defeats UCSD at Torrey Pines 

Golf Finishes Second in So. Cal. Tourney 
ITOW 

toff Writer 

With green at Torre. Pine ' 
till in top condition from the 

recent PGA tourney, and wind 
blowing up to 40 mile per hour, 
the Tritons truggled to a econd 
place fini!.h in the non- cholar hip 
divi ion of Iheir own outhern 
California Intercollegiate Tour-
nament. 

"The cour e was mu h tougher 
and the weather wa wor ethan 
when the pro played here, "Triton 
Head oach Mike Wydra pointed 
out. "And it showed in the cores." 

U ,one of the top team. in 
the nation, played we1\ over par 
and til\ won the even team Div-
i ion I tourney - and the $10,000 

ilver up a the be t overall fin-
i her with a score of 59 . 

UC D. coring 650. fini hed 52 

points behind the Trojan., and 
even behind Oi i ion III " inner 
al tate an Bernardino. After 

Ken 
Gary Bong smokes one towards 
the hole on the sixth green. 

the fir t da of action (the t ur-
nament ran n Friday and atur-
da) CSD held a three hot lead 
over the o, ote, but faltered a 
the cour 'e began to pla y an 
important role . 

"The green were very fa t with 
lot of break ," W ydra said. 
" vt!n though we had a home 
cour e advantage, it confu ed our 
team becau e it wa a little unlike 
the way we pla yed in the past." 

One player who eemed partic-
ularly bothered by the differences 
In the course was Ed Ti chler, the 
Triton' top-seeded golfer. He 
turned in hi wor t tournament 
e\ er with a score of 177. 

With Ti chler playing poorl , 
the Tritons were forced to look 
el ewhere for leader hip and 
they found it in econd eed Gary 
Bong who cored I 0 to fini h 
third individually among Di i ion 
III player . 

Tritons Sweep La Verne 
oftball Wins 8-7, 2-0 in Home Opener 

B N 
Sports c,/;(Or 

The U 0 women' oft-
ba1\ team got its fir t taste of 
Di i ion III competitio n this 
yea r when it faced the niver-
ity of La Verne in a double-

header Frida in the home 
opener. When the dust had 
cleared, the only lingering taste 
wa a weet one for UCSD. 

The Tritons (4-3) rode on 
short top Dana Chaiken's 4-
for-4 performance in the fir t 
game to outlast Ihe Leopards 
from La Verne in a lugfest , 
8-7 . Lynn Moreno(I-I)picked 
up her first victory, a nd her 
younger ister Dianna came on 
to record her first ave. 

ee OFTBALL, page 17 Stacie Sasaki 

Men's Fencers 
Denied National 
Qualifying Berths 

Same Problems for Track and Field at SDSU Invite 
Division III Tritons Compete Adequately Against Top Division I Schools 

The C 0 men' fen ing 
team tra\ eled to Palo Alto 
thl weekend ~lth hope of 

endingomebod~ to . a-
tional , but found Iho e 
hope fotled at the word 
of variou fencers from 

tanford . AIr rorce. Long 
Beach tate, and C Santa 
Cruz. 

La t year, John Keller 
qualified for ationab in 
the epee. but }eterda} he 
was not a fortunate. Keller 
placed ixth in his event. 
but the ;\'CAA only elected 
four from the epee divi ion. 
Keller wa the econd 
alternate. 

Top Triton sabre Avi 
Friedlich placed fifth, while 
Peter Pak a nd Arnon 
Friedmann fi nished sixth 
and eighth , re pectively. in 

ee FENCl G, page 17 

By CHRIS ZAHARIA 
Staff J.Vruer 

Thl year's version of the U SO 
Triton track a nd field team ha 
en ountered many pothole : some 
mental , orne phy ical, and some 
on it own track . According to 
Head Coach Mark tanforth , 
overcoming these ob tacles will 
be paramount if his team is to be 
ucce sful. 

All three problem!> appeared 
Ia 't aturday, a the Triton gave 
what Stanforth called a " 0- 0" 
performance at the an Diego 

tate Bud Light Invita tional. 
"Some members of the team 

did really well, but I think others 
got intimidated with all the Di -
i!>ion I competition." he said . 

Going up again t Divi ion I 
team such a 0 U, CLA, 

CI , and C aturday, how-
ever, i a tep in the right dIrec-
tion . "If we can push our elve to 
be competitive against Division I 
team ," tanforth added, "then it 

Mens Crew Opens with 
Sweep; Women Win Three 
By CARIN RESNICK and 

JORDAN KARUBIAN 
Staff Writers 

With the word s "Et vou 
pre!t? ., . Partez! " the CSD 
crew racing sea on officially 
got underway on Mission Bay 
ye terday morn ing . This 
French command , translated 

a "Are you ready? ... Go!" 
bega n each race as the U SO 
crew team went head-to-head 
with al Poly San Lui Obispo . 

Sun hine and glassy water 
helped kick off the eason as 
the men's team wept all five 
race and the women'!> team 
won three out of five. 

The men's boat~ did not dis-
ee REW, page 18 

~ill prepare us that much more 
for the [Division III] ational ." 

There were , however, many 
bright pot for the riton, with 
everal playe rs placing in their 

heat. Sprinter Stylianos tylianou 
wa oneof them,wi nninghi 100-

meter heat with an impre~ ive 
11.26 clocking. Triton Jim Moore 
took fifth in the same heat with a 
time of 11 .51 . For the women, 
Rachel Beerman placed econd in 
the hot put with a throw of 38' 
2.75", and the 4x 100 rela team 

Peter Messrobian/ Guardlall 
Flying - Stylianos Stylianou won the 1 DO-meter heat in 11 .51 . 

placed fourth at 52.24. 
[n other event, Mike Kalmar 

posted a time of 15.41 on the way 
to a third place fini h in hi I 10-
meter hurdles heat, while Tim 
Ky er placed fifth in the 400 at 
51.22. 

The phy ical pothole wa also 
apparent on aturday, a injury-
plagued high jumper Chri Art t: 
no-heighted at 6' 4", although he 
had previou Iy j umped 6' II ". 

Perhap the Tritons bigge t 
challenge, though, ha been find -
ing a place to practice. While 
other schools practice on state-of-
the-art surface, the Tritons are 
stuck with a dirt track that i 
more like an exploded mine field 
than a track. Until the completion 
of new track facilities next fall , 
Stanforth ha the unp\ea ant task 
of dispatching hi troops to as 
many a five different practice 
ites. With distance runners out 

on the roads of San Diego, prin-
ters at Balboa Park, highjumpers 
at SDSU , and pole vaulters at 

See TRACK, page 18 

Fisher K's 14 in Four-Hit Shutout of Philadelphia Textiles 

UCSD Takes Two of Three in Weekend 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Staff Writer 

ollege basket ball may be an 
east coast sport, but college base-
ball is a whole different matter. 
The Tritons discovered that fact 
thi weekend, splitting a double-
header with Southern Cal College 
on aturday and then giving the 
Philadelphia ollege of Textiles a 
do e of California sun hine with a 
6-0 victo ry ye terday. 

The Philadelphia Textiles 

Rams, having practiced indoors 
all winter, were not prepared for it 
season opener in the un. And 
even if they were ready for the 
weather, they were not ready for 
the fa tball of J .J . Fi her, who 
struck out 14 and walked only 
two en route to an easy four hit 
shutout. 

"We executed very poorl ," said 
Textile Coach Bob Bunnell. "This 
was our first game and we really 
aren'l t here yet. But, [ i her] 

pitched a real good ballgame." 
Trying to regain a spot in the 

Triton pitching rotation, Fisher 
improved his chances yeste rday 
by making quick work of the Tex-
tile lineup and never getting into 
trouble all afternoon. Only seven 
Rams reached ba e, and none got 
a far as second . 

"My fastball was moving really 
well today," aid Fisher. " But [the 
Rams' hitters] looked a little rusty. 

See BASEBALL, page 17 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 
What Who When 
Baseball (M) at laremont-Mudd (Doubleheader) Mar. 7 12:00 p.m. 

oftball (W) o CIDENTAL (Doubleheader) Mar. 8 2:00 p.m. 
Tennis (M) BALL TATE Mar. 6 3:00 p.m. 
Volleyball (M) BALL TAT Mar. 7 7:00 p.m. 
Volleyball (M) INDIANA-P RD E, FT. WAYNE Mar. 8 7:00 p.m. 

lUll Ihlll, ldn j lJllUl ,/tall 
S.f. - Dave Llgerman's tag was too late to catch thiS runn r 


