
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

A TM Negotiations 

Student Credit Union 
Experiences Delays 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Sel1ior Staff Writer 

The opening of a student credit 
union in the old Student Center 
this quarter has been indefinitely 
postponed, due to negotiations over 
Automatic Teller Machines, the 
fonnation of a student advisory 
board and facility planning delays. 

The student credit union, an 
As ociated Students service, will 
be operated as a subsidiary of the 
University and State Employees 
(U.S.E.) Credit Union, which cur-
rently operates a credit union on 
Gilman Drive for faculty and staff. 

The student credit union will 
offer personal and automotive 
loans, savings accounts, credit 
cards and automatic teller cards, 
according to Doug Hutshing, a . 
fonner UCSD student who is the 
founder of the credit union. 

"It's going to be professionally 
managed ... but we're going to try 
and fill most of the other positions 
with students," Hutshing said. 

Hutshin~ added that the credit 
union will be a non-profit organi-
zation, and said that its goals will 
be "to provide a financial institu-
tion that caters to the needs of 
students, that offers cooperative 
banking . . . and to provide an 
educational experience for stu-
dents." 

Reading from the credit union's 
charter, A.S . Advisor Randy 
Woodard said that the purpose of 
the advisory board is to "solicit 
student input, advise on the devel-
opment of policy and the quality of 
service and products, and to facili-
tate a close working relationship 
between the Associated Students, 
U.S.E. and the student credit un-
ion," he said. 

Union Advi ory Board, the post-
ponement of the credit union open-
ing is the result of several factors. 

One reason for the delay is 
current negotiations between the 
student advi ory board and U.S.E. 
over the u e of A TMs by the credit 
union, Tucker said. 

According to Hutshing, "We 
got an opportunity to get orne 
used A TMs pretty cheap, so we 
wanted to have them in the branch 
right away. But the original con-
tract didn ' t specify any A TMs, so 
we had to start negotiating for them, 
and it's not complete." 

Tucker said the negotiations 
over the A TMs include discussions 
of location, security and possible 
fees for non-credit union mem-
bers. 

"Our message is that this is a 
student credit union. We're saying 
that whenever there 's a transac-
tion ... by someone who's not a 
member, the transaction fee that's 
involved should come back 
into ... the student pot," Tucker 
said. 

Tucker noted that the transac-
tion fees would probably go to the 
University Center Board. 

Facility planning delays have 
also contributed to the delay of the 
opening, U.S.E. President James 
D. Kieweg said. 

"Construction and planning 
often take more time than one 
would hope at the outset," Kieweg 
said. Many of the factors behind 
the postponement are "things so 
small that every one takes a week 
at a time ... and those weeks add 
up," he continued. 

Kieweg added that, "We have 
personnel issues, financial plan-

See CREDIT, pale 3 

Brian MorrislGuardian 

Ex-KGB Official Stanislav Levchenko spoke to a crowd at the Price Center last night. See 
story below. 

Ramirez Chastizes A.S. For Use 
Of Sexually etfensive Remarks 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Staff Writer 

AS. President John Ramirez 
chastised the A.S. Council for 
making offensive sexual and racial 
comments at last night's A.S. 
meeting. 

Ramirez read aloud during the 
meeting a note addressed to AS. 
Revelle Freshperson Senator Molly 
McKay from another member. The 
unsigned note referred to an up-
coming A.S. barbecue to which all 
members had to bring meat. 

The note read, "I will bring a 
girl (meat.) Just Kidding." 

McKay said she had been the 

object of other such "jokes." She 
recalled eight similar incidents in 
the last year. 

McKay said there are "blatantly 
sexist undercurrents at the AS." 

When asked if he had noticed 
any other incidents of sexual har-
assment at AS. Council meetings, 
Ramirez said that " I have seen a lot 
of things that have come across as 
sexist . .. not intended to offend 
sexually or racially but ... if [oth-
ers] had seen them they would 
have been offended." 

According to Vice President 
Administrative Alex Wong, most 
of the AS. members remained after 
the meeting ended for an informal 

discussion about the note and other 
sexually and racially offensive 
incidents and feelings. 

Wong described the discussion 
as a positive meeting, saying "what 
started out as a very down note 
turned out very well." 

During the council caucus, 
Ramirez suggested that the AS. 
allocate $900 from the A.S. 
president 's and vice president 
external 's operating funds to pur-
chase tickets for the women's 
soccer nationals this weekend. 

Hutshing said that the Student 
Credit Union Advisory Board will 
also act as the board of directors of 
the facility. 

Although the student credit 
union will serve only students, the 
advisory board includes one staff 
member and one faculty member 
in addition to seven students, Hut-
shing said. 

Former KGB Agent Stanislav 
Levchenko Speaks At UCSD 

Ramirez said the A.S. was re-
sponding to the athletics 
department ' s request that the AS. 
purchase game tickets "to show 
[the AS. 's] support" fort he soccer 
team. 

Free tickets will be available to 
the first 200 UCSD students at the 
Nov. 11 game after II:OOa.m. , and 
to the first 250 students at the Nov. 
12 game should UCSD's soccer 
team win on the II tho 

Staff and faculty were included 
on the board because they would 
give it "a better balance, give it 
continuity over time, and we 'd get 
the benefit of older and wiser 
people," Hutshing said. 

According to Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-
fairs Tom Tucker, the administra-
tiveconsultant to the Student Credit 

By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

Former KGB agent Stanislav 
Levchenko, in a lecture last night, 
criticized the Soviet intelligence 
system, declaring it morally and 
politically bankrupt. 

In an hour-long lecture to an 
audience of 200 students and 
community members, Levchenko 
spoke of his experiences as a KGB 
agent in Japan, where he was in 
charge of the Soviet Union's To-

HIATUS 
Want ToM .. t 

kyo-based intelligence activities. 
Levchenko's involvement in the 

KGB began while he was serving 
as a military reserve officer after 
his graduation from the University 
of Moscow. 

Levchenko said his military 
supervisor approached him with 
news regarding Levchenko's fu-
ture. 

"He introduced himself as a 
military intelligence officer. He 
said that from now on, my military 
reserve impression was going to 

FEATURES 

change, and almost immediately, I 
had to go through very sophisti-
cated training." 

The KGB took note of 
Levchenko's background in Japa-
nese, acquired at the Univer ityof 
Moscow, and although he was not 
eager to join the KGB, he felt that, 
"it was an offer which you can't 
refuse." 

Working for the KGB in Japan 
in 1979, after "all kind of doubt , 
soul-searching if you want ," 

See KGB, page 3 

The A.S. allocated $1 ,265 from 
the general unallocated fund to 
KSDT for a "road trip." The trip 
will be to the women 's volleyball 
national championship for a live 
broadca t. 

John Komar, sports director of 
KSDT, said the game would be 
broadcast live to Round Table 
Pizza. 

Said Komar, " It ' an idea that 
has not been done before on cam-

See A.S., page 3 

SPORTS 

The Alarm? H2 
A Tallc With the 
A.S. President 8 

All Fall Sports 
In Post-Season 10 



~UCSDNEWS 
UCSD To Host UC-Wide 
Radio Conference Saturday 

Students interested in radio broadcasting and broad-
cast journalism will have a chance to meet music and 
news professionals and learn about all the aspects of the 
broadcasting busines at the University of California 
Radio etwork (UCRN) Fall Conference thi weekend. 
The event i spon ored by on-campu radio station 
KSDT (95.7 FM cable/540 AM in the Re idence Hall ). 

Members from radio stations throughout the UC 
system will attend Saturday's conference, as well as 
guest speakers from the San Diego media market. 

The conference will feature a variety of workshops, 
seminar and panel discussions. Discus ion topic in-
clude news broadcasting. music. public affairs wri ting. 
feature writing. sports, promotions. "life after college 
radio" and computerized music and sound production. 

Speakers will include per onnel from Channel 39. y -
95. the San Diego Sockers and on-air personalities from 
KSDO-AM. KGB and 91X. 

The UCRN conference will be held at the Price 
Center. in the Santa Cruz and Santa Barbara rooms. For 
additional information on the conference schedule. stop 
by the Price Center rooms on Friday from 3 to 7 p.m. or 
call KSDT at 534-3673. 

Academic Internship Program 
To Present Forum On Capitol 

The Academic Internship Program (AIP) is hosting 
the Washington D.C. Internship Forum on Wednesday, 
Nov. 15. from 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. at the International 
Center Lounge. The forum will feature a panel of guest 
speakers including intem coordinators from the office 
of Senators Pete W ilson and Alan Cranston. 

UCSD students who have previously served intern-
hips in Washington. D.C. and AlP counselors will be on 

hand to answer questions about inrernship offerings and 
eligibility requirements. A question and answer period 
will be followed by an informal reception with compli-
mentary refreshments. 

I /.lew 1ll1~ CAR. 
TO GeT TO W'l2K ~' 
flOW 5ElZlou!'> Ib IT 

-rnl~ TIME? 

I 1J.lIIIIK r"Ve. HAD 
SVI'12,( PA~T IN j1.l1~ 
CAl<. IZEP!..AcE.O-
EXGePT "Ill E. 9OD'( 

SHOE 

Students of all majors are encouraged to attend and 
learn more about pring and summer quarter internShip 
opportunities in the nation 's capitol. 

Music Of The Andes To Be 
Performed Friday Night 

The musical group Sukay will perform traditional 
melodies of the Chilean mountains on Friday at 8 p.m in 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

The Andean mountain people have translated their 
lives into mu ic for hundreds of years . using such primi-
tive in trument as pan pipes and flutes, some made of 
bones from the wings of eagles. The group also uses 
Spanish-influenced in truments such as guitars and 
charangos. 

The group was founded 10 years ago by Quentin 
Howard. a North American. 

Sukay is comprised of Howard. Carlo Crespo. Jo e 
Lara and Miguel Peralta. They will play ancient instru-
ments such as the antara, sicus, rondador. tarka and 
drums. Songs will be sung in Quechua, the ancient 
Andean language. and Spanish. 

Tickets for Sukay are available from the Box Office, 
and are $ to for general admission and $6 for students. 

Grove Gallery Begins Exhibit 
Of Mexican Folk Art Today 

Beginning today. Mexican folk toys, trees of life and 
seasonal al1 representing the December and January 
holidays will be exhibited in a show entitled "V.J.M. y 
J .... at the Grove Gallery. The show will continue until 
Dec. 16. 

A public reception will take place from 6-8 p.m. 
tomorrow at the gallery. 

The seasonal figures and ornaments were collected 
throughout Mexico by Alexandra Kollar of Tucson, 
Arizona. Made from tin, cloth. cardboard. paper. wood. 
straw and clay. they are generally displayed in homes 
and businesses during the holidays of December and 
January: La Fiesta de la Santisima Virgen de Guadelupe 
(Dec. 12). Las Posadas (Dec. 16-23). La Noche Buena 
(Dec. 24). Las Pasrores (Dec. 26) and EI Dia de los 
Santos Reyes (Jan. 6). 

The Grove Gallery is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 

by Jeff MacNelly 

Tue day throug h Friday. and from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 
Saturday. 

Once-Banned Soviet Film To 
Be Shown Friday At UCSD 

The Committee for World Democracy, a student-run 
organization which brings political films to UCSD with 
the intentions of generating discussion and promoting 
greater political awareness. will present the next fi lm in 
its series on Friday. 

Friday's film is titled "Commisar." Made in 1967. the 
film wa immediately banned by the Soviet government 
due to its anti-militaristic tone and sympathetic pomaya\ 
of Jewish ghetto life. 

The story is set during the 1922Civii War between the 
Reds and the Whites. A stem female Red Army officer 
finds herself pregnant and is left behind in a Ukranian 
town. She is billeted with a Jewi h fa mily. 

Her initiation into Jewish c ulture coincides with her 
growing humanity Il'ltil the war leads her to try and 
reinvest her newfound feelings in the revolutionary 
truggle. 

The how begins at 7 p.m . in TLH 107. and admission 
is free. 

UCNEWS 
UCSC Names New Director 
Of AflirmativeAction Program 

uc Santa Cruz, the UC campus with the lowest 
percentage of people of color and women holding execu-
tive and staff positions, has named a new affirmative 
action director. The new director. Gerard Gomez. said 
that changing UCSC's low position in the statistics will 
be one of his primary challenges in the upcoming year. 

Gomez said he plans to examine the UCSC faculty 
hiring procedure. 

"We need to examine the present system to see if there 
are any built-in biases of a cultural nature." Gomez said. 

According to UCSC MEChA member Josette Cor-
dova, problems exist on a broader scale throughout the 
UC system. She mentioned the recent vote by UC 
Berkeley's Academic Senate to end admissions affinna-
tive action in the next two years. 

"Gomez should take a stand against the other UCs' 
getting rid of affinnative action," Cordova said. 

City On A Hill 
UC Santa Cruz 

UC Will Send Sixteen To 
Chinese University In January 

With little fanfare, considering the geopolitical over-
tones, the University of California last week quietly an-
nounced its intent to resume educational exchanges with 
the People's Republic of China in January. 1990. 

The UC Education Abroad Program abruptly closed 
its Beijing Study Center last June in response to the 
turmoil which erupted after troops massacred pro-de-
mocracy demonstrators in Tiananmen Square. Partici-
pants in last year's EAP program were evacuated imme-
diately after the details of the June 4 incident became 
known. 

Sixteen students had been selected to participate in 
the 1989-90 China exchange. but were rerouted to in-
terim sites in Taipei , Taiwan and Hong Kong last sum-
mer. 

Peter Woolitzer, UCEAP assistant director and tl:te 
person responsible for the China exchange, said the 
original decision to suspend the program was made in 
response to concerns over student safety. After delibera-
tions in Los Angeles on Oct. 26. the faculty adv isory 
committee concluded the safety of UC student could be 
assured. 

UC Berkeley junior Stephanie Ho, one of the students 
currently in Taiwan. expressed the group reaction of 
extreme happiness upon hearing they would be goi ng to 
Beijing in January. She called the decis ion ;'amazing." 

"Thi is probably the best time for us to go to China 
in our lifetime. It is history in the making." he aid. 

Larry Speer 
Daily Nexus 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

Thursday, November 9,1989 

CREDIT: Automatic Teller 
Negotiations Delay Union 
Continued from page 1 
ning issues. etc. They all have to 
move ahead for us to be prepared 
to open." 

Kieweg declined to estimate 
when the credit union will open. 

"As soon as we get out of the 
facility planning and go to bid on 
it. at that time we'll establish a 
time frame." Kieweg said. 

A.S. President John Ramirez 
said he feels the main reason for 
the delay was that many issues, 
such as the A TM negotiations. 
could not be effectively resolved 
until the student advisory board 
was formed this quarter to replace 
the former student credit union 
committee. 

"There were some issues that 
arose that made it almost impos-
sible for the [fonner student c redit 
union committee] to have some 
legitimacy to work things out with 
U.S.E. and the administration." 
Ramirez stated. 

Ramirez said the new advisory 
board can better deal with issues 
such as the A TM negotiations 
because it has "the Associated 
Students behind it, and a charter," 
and can thus better express student 
views. 

Both Ramirez and Hutshing said 
they expected the credit union to 
open by late winterquarterorearly 
spring quarter. 

If the credit union doesn't open 
by early spring, he said. "I think 

students are losing out." He added 
that he would likely take action if 
the credit union is not open by 
then. depending upon "the reasons 
for not opening up ... If it 's be-
cause some group is trying to delay 
it. I'll definitely be in there." 

One member of the A.S., who 
did not wish to be identified, said 
he was unimpressed with the de-
velopment of the credit union so 
far. 

"If this bank is going to be 
handling student funds. . . they 
sure haven't shown the ability to 
even get off the ground to a point 
where I would feel safe putting my 
money in there," he said. 

Hutshing responded by saying 
that the opening of the credit union 
is "a complicated process ... to say 
we're not professional is accurate, 
but we're becoming more profes-
sional." 

Ramirez said he supports and 
has confidence in the advisory 
committee. 

"I think they know whatthey' re 
doing . . . They haven ' t formed too 
many opinions [on issues such as 
ATMs] yet, [but] I think they're 
going to make a barrage of opin-
ions [soon] and set the tone for the 
rest of the months of the academic 
year. 

"I think that once they're given 
a chance that they ' ll come through 
for the students," Ramirez added. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

. A.S.:Council 
Purchases 
Tickets 
Continued from page 1 
pus that will bring staff. students 
and the athletics department to-
gether." 

The A.S. also passed an amend-
ment to the bylaws concerning the 
UCSD A.S. Media Board. The 
amendments were made to allevi-
ate communication problems be-
tween the Media Board and the 
A.S. Council. 

An amendment was also made 
to the Media Board charter, chang-
ing the organization's name from 
"Media Board" to " Media Coun-
cil" throughout the charter. It was 
also amended to say that one sena-
tor from each college will sit on the 
Media Council rather than having 
each college appoint a separate 
board member. 

Rlmas UqlrIsIGuardian 
Negotiations over ATMs like these near the Price Center are one 
reason why the student credit union opening has been delayed. 

Duri ng the meet ing Paul 
Eykamp, the graduate representa-
tive to the A.S .• made a report that 
the fee referendum on mandatory 
health insurance for graduate stu-
dents will take effect at the begin-
ning of winter quaner. 

KGB 
Continued from page 1 

to defect to the West where he 
underwent intense debriefing and 
became a United States citizen. 

wams that Soviet spying is actu-
ally at its highest point in 25 years. 

"Unfortunately. it looks like that 
trend is not going to be tenni-
nated." Levchenko attributes this 
to the fact that "the Soviet industry 
and economy are not just in bad 
shape, they are experiencing an 
acute. almost hopeless crisis." 

Levchenko "realized that [he] re-
ally could not stand the system at 
all. not just the KGB but the sys-
tem, the Soviet Socialist system 
based on Marxist-Leninism." 

Now a Justice Department 
employee. Levchenko works as a 
consultant on espionage cases, 
tours the lecture circuit and writes 
books. 

As a result, Levchenkodecided In light of glasnost, Levchenko 

Every Night is 
Fun Night at 

EVERY MONDA Y 
Hospitality Night 

$1.00 Drinks after 8:00 
Beer, wine, and 
well drinks only 

Bring your check stub as 
proofofe~ployrnent 

Monday Night Football 
All you can eat 

Hot Dog and Chili Bar 
5:30-8:00 

$1.50 pints of beer 
TUESDAY 

is Buck Night at the Beach 
Come jOin us. Order your 

favorite drink 
Draft, wine, well drinks 

$1.00 
Starting at 8 p.m. 

WEDNESDAY 
Bimbleman's Night 
$1.00 "Bimblemans" 

$1.50 Bud Lights 
Special Bimbleman's 

Shooters 

THURSDAY 
UCSD Run For 

The Border 
Join us for the best 

Mexican Buffet during 
Happy Hour 5-8 p .m. 

$1.50 Margaritas 
No cover with student I.D. 
and valid driver's license 

WILD FRIDAY 
Party with Z-90 

90( Drink Specials 
Best Happy Hour in Town 

cover between 7-8 p .m. 
Late night party starts at 8 

SATURDAY 
Long Island Night 

Come early to avoid cover 
between 7-8 p.~. 

Party goes on with best 
Light Show in town 

$2.75 Long Island Ice Tea 
all night 

Happy Hour Buffet MOIl.-Fri. 5-8 • Free Food and Dri"k 
4190 Mission Blvd. (2 blocks south of Grand Ave.) 

in the Pacific Beach Promenade (619) 581-3938 



4 OPINION The UCSD G uardian T hursday, November 9, 1989 
------

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
A TON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHER I E DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The Gu:milan IS published tWice week-I)' It the Umvcnu)' of California, Sin Dlci:Q Contenu C1989. 
VtrwS ~xprH~ herein repre~nt II\( majority vote oIlhc: cduOf'ial board, and are noc necct..Sunl1 1hMc: 

or lhe UC Board or Resents. the ASUCSD nor 1M entire Guarditut !iit3.rr. 

Living With Discrimination 

Students and Housing 
Student!> are experienced with facing di crimination. Most 

students who have sought off-campus housing have heard, "Oh, 
a student? Let me get back to you ... " or even an outright " W e 
don't rent to students." 

This is the right as property owners. But there are a couple of 
new propo als going before the San Diego City Council which 
make the problem much wor e: they impose parking restrictions 
on "non-traditional" families. 

One ordinance, drafted by City Attorney John Will'S office, 

makes a distinction between "traditional" and "non-traditional" 
families. It declares groups of people living together "traditional" 
familie only if they are related by blood, marriage or adoption. 

It's difficult to argue with thaL definition; certainly other living 
arrangements - such as several tudents sharing a house - are 
"non-traditional." BULa state Supreme Court decision in 1980 (in 
the days before Gov. George Deukmejian's appointments) ruled 
that making uch a distinction was unconstitutional. 

Even if it were legal (0 draw such a line, the ordinance doesn 't 
stop there (it would be rather harmless if it did) . It imposes 
parking restrictions on "non-traditional" families and not on 
"traditional " o nes. The restrictions would require an "off-street" 
- i.e. driveway or carport - parking space for each adult over 
18. The law would take effect in Jan. 1990. 

Clearly, such a restriction would be inequitable. A "tradi-
tional" family with several cars would not be subject to the rules, 
but students and unrelated people who live together would be. 

The reason for these rules is simple: the city wants to discour-
age students forming "mini-dorms." The Los Angeles Times 
quotes SDSU-area Community Council member BarbaraGreene: 
"The mini-dorms are escalating. The problems in this area are so 
bad. Property values are going down." 

Her concern s are certainly fair. People do have the right to not 
have loud, obnoxious parties next door. But this ordinance is the 
wrong approach. Aside from being inequitable and discrimina-
tory, it is difficult to enforce. 

Establishing the connections between people renting would be 
difficult and expensive. Some commun ity leaders propose push-
ing the burden on land owners, but this would only make them 
more unwilling to discuss renting with students - even students 
who would party responsibly. 

Students do need to be more responsible, and recognize that 
their rights are danger if they are too obnoxious. Land owners 
also need to take a more active role in responding to complaints. 
Most importantly, the city needs to be more effective in enforcing 
the regulations which already exist to govern misbehavior. 

But an o rdinance which hurts all students, and oLhers who live 
away from their families, is unfair, unjust and unwise. The City 
Council should not bow to demands for a simple, neat and wrong 
solution, and should instead explore a lternati ves which address 
mi!.creants without harming the innocent. 

Why Was Kelley Stood Up? 
Editor: 

} am writing this letter to ex-
pres my di appointment over a 
recent event. 

A few weeks ago} recei ved the 
Nov.lDec. issue of "The Center 
Letter," 

I noticed that on the calendar of 
events that Steve Kelley, political 
cartoonist for The San Diego 
Union, was lecturing on Friday, 
Nov. 3. 

Now, } have one basic qualm. 
Even though the date was changed 
an advertisement in The Guardian 
didn't appear until j ust before the 
event,} find it hard to believe that 
there was such a lack of interest. 

Steve Kelley is a nationally-
known political canooni t who has 
recently branched out into stand-
up comedy. 

l'm surprised that his lecture 

was not required attendance for 
some political science courses. 

And what about the faculty? 
Was Sam Popkin having his hair 
done for hi next oh-so-important 
televi ion appearance? 

I'm sorry that I was unable to 
experience the wit and wisdom of 
Mr. Kelley and 1 apologize to him 
for the lack of interest. 

I hope he comes back; it will be 
our loss (again) if he doesn't. 

L. James Roberts 

I planned to attend . A few days 
later, in The Guardian, I noticed 
that the lecture had been re ched-
uled for Monday the 6th. I still 
planned to attend . 

Defending Steve Benson 
Editor: 

However, when I arrived atthe 
designated place at the designated 
time (P.c. Theater, 7 p.m.) there 
was one other person there. Mr. 
Kelley himself (who was appar-
ently in the lobby chatting with 
some people) came in to infonn 
the two of us that the program had 
been cancelled due to lack of in-
terest. 

1 would like to respond to Vic-
toria Magyar's letter in the Nov. 6 
Guardian. 

of a stove, preferably on her knees, 
with his dirty laundry as her most 
precious possess ion, and singing 
'I'm Having His Baby' with tears 
of grdtitude glistening in hereyes." In her letter, she demands a 

written apology for printing Steve 
Benson's political cartoon. She 
claims that the portrayal of a pro-
choice woman as a loudmouth 
Nazi figure is"ind icativeofa man 
who views a woman positively 
only if, when she gets home from 
work, she spends her time in front 

In this accusation, Victoria 
Magyar is herself quite gUilty of 
what she i condemning: inaccu-
rately and offensively pottraying 
women. 

First, she inaccurately portrays 
women who do housework and 

ee CARTOON, page 5 

Assorted Vinyl Doesn't Serve Students 
Editor: 

If anyone needs further proof that their new 
··high" Price Center was built not to serve the needs 
of the tudent population at UCSD, but rather to 
gratify the overl y inflated egos of a few administra-
tors and to make a "buck" or two, then this letter 
should do the trick. 

1 am a musician as well as a student here, and I 
recently produced and recorded a tape of my own 
music. The tape is of professional quality and taste-
fully packaged. In fact, there are several music/ 
bookstores in town that carry it. 

A music professor suggested that I take it to 
Assorted Vinyl, the music store here on campus, to 
see if they would cany it also. Nice idea, the only 
problem i that whoever is in charge of the store has 
apparently decided that students should only be 
"con umers" and not " producers." 

I was told that the store had carried students' 
musical efforts before, but that it had been too much 
of a "hassle" and that the store hadn ' t made enough 
money to justify it. The person who told me this was 
actually rather enthusiastic about having students' 
music in the store, but there was nothing she could 

BENSON 

do, as this was a decision that had been made by 
someone "higher" up in management . 

} was also struck by the atmosphere there in the 
store. } thought for a moment that I had wandered 
into a miniature Wherehouse or Tower Records by 

mist~e. It was certai nly a far cry from when it had 
been at the old Student Center and wa not a part of 
a shopping mall mentality. 

I can certainly appreciate the fact that any busi-
ness must pay the rent and other bills, but I also 
believe that if that business is going to take from us 
then it should be willing to gi ve back as well ; after all 
it is only here on campus to serve the needs of 
students, faculty and staff. 

I don't think that asking that a campus music store 
that is making a profit from students be available as 
an outlet for those same students' artistic efforts is 
too much of a request. 

I hope that whoever is responsible for this ill-
advised policy will consider the error of their ways 
and provide future student musicians at UCSD with 
a place to offer their creative efforts directly to their 
students without regard to profit or lack thereof. 

Bryan Jackson 

Thursday, November 9, 1989 

Cartoon 
Continued from page 4 
have children as slaves of their 
husbands and that the o nly thing 
men want from their wive is a 
baby machine and a house cleaner. 
This of course is not true. 

Secondly, Ms. Magyar ridi -
cules those women who do choose 
to have children and do house-
work. I find this particularly of-
fensive. Those women, especially 
those who choose to sacrifice a 
career so they can raise a family , 
are to be commended, not ridi-
culed. 

Those women are the ones forg-
ing strong families and keeping 
their children free from drugs, 
street gangs and teenage preg-
nancy. 

In addition , I see absolutely no 
connection between the Nazi-like 
portrayal of the pro-choice woman 
and the uncomplimentary descrip-
tion of those who chose mother-
hood. 

Why does Ms. Magyar need to 
make this obscure connection? 
Does she need to tear down the 
traditional image of a woman in 
order to defend her position? 

Absolutely not, and in fact, she 
weakens her argument considera-

bly by showing herself to be a 
hypocrite. Furthermore, she sug-
gests that the editors of The: 
Guardian censor their material to 
confo rm tos certain political view. 

This is a ridiculous idea, for it 
would transform The Guardian 
from a somewhat objective news-
paper to a political newspaper es-
pousing one point of view. 

In conclusion, I would like to 
point out that Victoria Magyar ac-
complished exactly what she was 
trying to attack. Although she at-
tempted to criticize the inaccurate 
and uncomplimentary image of a 
woman portrayed in a political 
cartoon, she needlessly insulted 
and incorrectly portrayed the dedi-
cated wives and mot~ers of many 
generations. 

I would like to add that Ms. 
Magyar her elf quite accurately 
personified the Nazi-like, loud-
mouth, aggressive feminist por-
trayed in Benson's cartoon, much 
to my amusement, with her rash 
accusations, overzealous indigna-
tion, and demands for censorship 
and an apology. 

If anyone deserves an apology, 
it is the wives and mothers that 
Ms. Magyar ridiculed, not the irate 
campus femini sts. 

Sherry R. Lowrance 

Don't Sanction South Africa 
Editor: 

All ofthe pundits who engaged 
in speculat ion or wishful thinking 
about an inevitable bloody revo-
lution in South Africa must 
reevaluate their theories. 

Recent developments in that 
country , from the election of a 
reform-minded government to the 
recent release from prison of the 
leaders of the terrorist African 
National Congress (ANC), signal 
a change in the tone of political 
transition away from a post-apart-
heid society. 

On Oct. 17, the government 
stated its willingness for direct 
peace talks with all black organi-
zations, including the ANC, that 
do not resort to threats of violence 
as a negotiating ploy. 

The government has also 
shown movement on some of the 
ANC 's demands, such as lifting 
the five-year-old state of emer-
gency and releasing remaining 
political prisoners. Apparently, the 
government wants to move to-
wards good-faith negotiations with 
the black majority. 

On the same day that the gov-
ernment announced its negotia-
tion plans, ANC leaders hinted 

that they wanted to mend ties with 
moderates such as Zulu Chief 
Buthelezi, who broke with the 
ANC over its use of violence. 

If a rapprochement is nearing 
among South Africa's blacks at a 
time w hen the government is open 
to talks, then peace may come to 
South Africa sooner than any of 
the "pundits" thought possible. 

But some in the Democratic 
patty here want to throw gasoline 
onto the South African fire, by 
starting up talk about sanctions 
again. 

H.R. 21, sponsored by Con-
gressman Ron Dellums (Dem-
CAl, would cut off all economic 
relations between the U.S. and 
South Africa, dooming tens of 
thousands of blacks to unemploy-
ment in a misguided attempt to 
punish South African whites at a 
!irnewhen there are unprecedented 
moves to heal their nation's racial 
wounds. 

The new sanctions legislation 
is foolish, counterproductive and 
ill-timed. For the sake of all South 
Africans who are striving for 
peace--both black and white--it 
should be defeated. 

Scott Johnson 

Social-Planning Boondoggle 
Editor: 

Here we go again. It seems as if 
the politicians never tire of wast-
ing other people's money. This 
time, it is the so-called "Citizen-
ship and National Service Act of 
1989." 

This act would create a "citi-
zens corps" where a person would 
be required to perform up to two 
years of community service in 
exchange for student aid.Although 
it ounds warm and fuzzy on the 
surface, this piece of legi lation 
has been condemned by liberals, 
libertarian!. and conservatives. 

Doug Bandow, a senior fellow 
at the Cato Institute, predicts that 

this "voluntary service act" would 
likely "duplicate private efforts, 
stifle existing organizations and 
waste money." (Hoover Confer-
ence on National Service, Sept. 8 
and 9,1989) 

It is also likely that a national 
service "citizens corps" would 
replace low-wage earners in many 
areas, thereby reducing the total 
number of entry-level jobs. 

America does not need another 
social-planning boondoggle to 
implement omeone el e's con-
cept of nat ional service. The only 
winners would be the !.ocial plan-
ners. 

John D. Wallner 

The UCSD Guardian 

FEIFFER~ 
OJ ~l/ VCI( r ~ 
'TINA" Q.) 
C£tJt -«7A.,/CIk)S. 

/ 

~~~o 
lUHlL6 r WATOf 8IE'£~U-, 

~L-i, -~el- a: 
~·~~D·J~· 

/ 

OPINION 5 

----

Warren Needs Food Facility The UCSD Guardian welcomes 
letten from_adenu, facu1ty.ad 
staff. Drop your letter at the 
Guardian omces (iD the old 
Studeot Ceoter, where the AS. 
omces used to be) or mail it to 
OplDlooEditor. Guardian, UCSD. 
a ·016, La Jona, CA 92093. 
Letten abould be typed, double-
spaced and should iDc1ude a 
8lpatureandphooeDwober. We 
reeerve the rlCht to edit letten 
for leOCth .ad clarity. 

Editor: 
The fact that there is no eating 

facility amidst the Warren Apart-
ments is discouraging. Aftera long 
and tiring day of classes, it is very 
annoying to have to go all the way 
back to the otherside of campus to 
get dinner with a meal card. 

dining facilities. One can eat at a 
cafeteria, restaurant or deli . There 
are even some choices of "where 
to eat" involved. 

Warren students however, are 
restricted from being able to 
choose a convenient place to eat, 
because nothing is relatively close. 

It would be a waste to stay on 
the other side of campus after fin-
ishing class at three o 'clock only 
to wait for some place to open at 
five o'clock, when one could be 
relaxing at "home." 

Meal plans are convenient 
because they save the time and 
hassle of having to cook, but when 
you're hungry and want to eat , 
you don ' t want to have to walk. 

the use of meal cards. Perhaps 
another solution would be to rees-
tablish an eati ng facil ity here. 

All the other colleges have 
One possible solution might be 

to make the Price Center open to Jeff Kubotsu 

Abortion: Making Complex Choices 
Editor: 

Abortion is an issue that has caused a great 
controversy in Congress and has aroused protests 
locally. The atticle in the October 23 issue of The 
Guardian tells how protests for and against abor-
tions are forming on the University of California, 
San Diego campus and these groups' plans for 
attack on the issue. 

I personally do not understand why there should 
be such a big deal made about this issue. I feel that 
a person can do whatever they want with their body 
and that nobody has the right to make a decision 
concerning another person's own safety or well-
being. 

Being a Catholic, I personally am opposed to 
abortion and think that everybody should get a 
chance to live once they are conceived. This is my 
own belief that} chose and I do not expect other 
people to live by my personal beliefs unless they 
choose to. People have the right to make their own 
decisions for themselves. 

I feel that the pro-life groups have no right to try 
to prevent women who want or need abortions from 
having them. If a person wants an abortion and 
decides to have one, I think that she should be the 
only one who should be affected by this decision. 
They are the ones that have to live with the decision 
of having an abortion, not anybody else. 

This iss.ue of abortion has become a bigger and 
bigger problem in Congress, and people have taken 
it to the streets and are fighting in front of abortion 
clinics. This fight has not been quiet or controlled, 
but rather it has gotten out of hand. 

Demonstrations have become violent and the 
police Iiave had to use a great deal of force in many 
cases to break these anti-abortion protests up and 
remove the people from the scene. 1 feel that all 
these demonstrations are very unnecessary because 
a woman should have the option of doing whatever 
she wants wi th her body. . 

Abortion is an issue that can allow lawmakers to 
make decisions for others tlklt should be made by 
the individual. If we live in a society where we can 
do whatever we want to as long as it does not affect 
others around us, then how can we have people 
making decisions for others that do not affect their 
own lives? 

I feel that the fetus is part of a woman and she can 
do whatever she wants with it. People who are 
against abortions should keep to themselves and 
live their lives the way that they think is right, but 
they do not have any right to interfere in other 
people's personal lives. 

I do not think that we should have to pay for any 
abortions through taxes no matter what the person's 
reason for having.an abortion. People should have 
the option of having an abortion because if they do 
not, they result to other methods and :nay not be able 
to cope with being forced to have an unwanted child. 

1 think Congress has no right to take away choices 
for people no matter what the issue is. } think people 
can do whatever they want with their body if it does 
not affect others around them or if it only hurts 
themselves. If this is a democracy we live in, then 
people should be able to make their own choices. 

Rich Vechinski 

SETH SLATER, Ediror In Chief Stniot Slarr Writf'n: 8ri..,. how. John Shaw 

DAVID WYNER, Managing Ediror 
ANTON BllTNER, News Ediror 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Ediror 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Associare Sporrs Ediror 
JAMES COLLIER. Fearures Ediror 
BRYAN DlAS, Music Ediror 
RANDY DOTINGA. Copy Ediror 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Ediror 
PAlTY JF:ITIE, Hiarus Ediror 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associate Phoro Ediror 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associate lIiatus Ediror 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Edirur 
JASON NELL, t\.rsociarl' News Ediror 
RIMA UZG IRIS, Phora Editor 
OOB De" OREA. BlI.lllltsS MallcJger 
MtCIIAEL FOULK • • A",·.·lIisll/.~ Mal/oRt'r 
MIKE I\Jt RTt EZ, old, ('I r,, //IX Df.\I.~ner 
E. LEIGH IIEN){Y, C1IlHIJied l,/unagcl 

s .. 1f wriltn! Cynthia Campbell. Chrislinl Huizar. Mary Ikny Hurd. Julie Hcimler. Adim 
Levy. JimMullillCl", Mordecai Poe.sIl. Davtd POhchll, Audrey Lyn Winlcrer, Sabrina 
Youmans . 
PIIIotoanplltn: Michael Amle!, Gre, Benes, James Collier. Jefli1i KoIsu, Cory Lidschin. 
Frank Lum. Brian Moms. Feli-. Zunia' 

~""Dn! Milo Cooper. Rick FORI. Tony FucnlCS, Carin Lew. Bill Mallory. Mel Mll<'elo. 
KII}' Roc. Tyrome Tripoli 
Typills: Larry Blchanch. Len, Loll. Jim Mulli ...... Kari Bickett. Meli ... Fawl 
Copy "'n: Q~I HUrrSlullcr, Julie Puzon. Holly Cooper. Jessie Sprinacr 
Production: SUIt Q,c.n. Mdinda Hamilton, Qri Kovacs. Robin MacLean 

"., tlCSD G.".IMM Is ~ McNaY'. TtNr.iciIys dun"l* a1cmJC )'aIf by .00 ror lite 
IWdtM cI UCSD. R~ oI"'i! IW:w.,...cr ..... y romt. whtlflcr In • . ho6c or. I*rt. .I~ per. 
""SSOI isJUlCUy ...... 01919. aM riaJu ~ 

1'lrIe C~ II 10 I'U,Jl)IblbI,e rot Ihe ttHlmDfunUII.'1k'd m.nv""nplI(W 1ft The WIiCWJC .. prc.MIld 
in l..."n.ta tnd Mpl'Id IeliICn Of con~ doltOt n«e~Il' A'~nt lilt optnlOn:l 01 The GItIlNMtM. 
UIo Urw~ ofCal.(onHI orltE AJ;au:1d.'d Sl~of lCSD V.:"~ eaJl'Cl.iCd 1ft IIIUIlM1 cd...",. 
1qft.w:nt ....... yoptlntOlloiIltcG ......... I.'d'kJflAboIatd~"Ofb(~tllotu.ctd ..... ctlld . ..... .,cdlklr 
nrwI NlII;n _lJIHnlQft ed*lf 

Edlk)f14l ~U.(i580 B~nc'lS H4 \.fM leso 8.016. La JOib. CA 92037 

G The UCSD :T .& '1II1II... T UAR.D.u1.1.~ 
-~~------' 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 9,1989 

What is the main thing you do to 
reduce stress? 

Sex-lots of it. 

Kerry Blank 
Third Senior 

History/Political 
Science 

Free-base double espres-
so and binge. All night 
backgammon sessions. 

Jeff Patmore 
Third Senior 

Anthropology 

I don 't stress out too 
regularly. Actually, I 
imagine different scen-
arios on how to murder 
my room mates while 
they're sleeping. 

I blow off the world by 
daydreaming and getting 
lost in good music. 

Mary Mathis 
Third Junior 

Communication 

It's hard to remember what 
it was that I did when I 
used to reduce stress. 
Sleep was a good one, I 
used to do that. Like that 6 
to 8 hour thing doctors 
recommend. Nhat Doan 

Warren Senior 
Third World Studies 

David Stanley 
Third Senior 

Media 

Any ideas for a&A questions? Drop them by the Guardian 
office in the old Student Center, or mail it to Opinion Editor, 
Guardian, UCSD, 8·016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

E2 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Qarl'sJr. Student I Special I' 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN 1147 I I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
: riFREE : 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I 
I Coupon e xpires Dec. 9, 1989 . One offer per coupon. I 
l One coupon per customer per vlSlt Not valid Wlth any ® I 
I other oller or discount Pnce does not Include tax C!!!r:"s J:r. I 
• ' Carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc 1989 .a_A. • 

.~----1!111------------------.. 
The Best Shows in Town are at 

===-IDEO GALLERY 
because: 

We cater to students! • We have the Best Selec:tJon of movies (including the 
finest foreign film colfection in the county) • More CopIes of the New 

Releases • No Membership ..... A Friendl)' and Knowleclpble Staff that 
knows movies • Bereain 08". every Monday and Thursday 

NEW RELEASES: SCROOGED 
• SAY ANYTHING • TROOP BEVERLY HILLS 

coming soon: BATMAN, GHOSTBUSTERS II 

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

---------------------Monday thru Thursday. Expires 11/16/89 
La Jolla Village Center near Ralph'. • 450-1554 

8750 Gene •• ee in. the Costa Verde Cen.ter • 450-1766 
Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-8 pm/ Fri.-Sat. 11 am-10 pm 

LOCATI 

Photos and interviews by Gail Johnson 

Come teach in the 
Heart of California 

Join an ezoeUent te&C!lllDe etalf tn Ul. 
State Center Community CoUel'e District 

The Burd of r ........... application. lor lIIe following v.uncie.: 
FRESNO CITY COUEGE lII.th, Scienc., and Engi"."ing Division 
Busi""s Divisioll Botany/General Biology Instructor 
Accounting Instructor Mathematics Instructor (4 positions) 
Office Occupations Instructor 12 positions) Physics/Mathematics Instructor 
Accounting/Computer Information Systems Chemistry Instructor 12 positions) 
Instructor Biology Instructor 
BUSiness Administratlon/ 

Management Instructor 

Counseling 
Counselor 
Disabled Student Services 

and Program Counselor 

Health Ans and Sciences Division 
PhYSical Education Instructor 
Nursing Instructor 
Head Baseball Coach/PE Instructor 
Head Basketball Coach/PE Instructor 
Dental Hygiene Instructor 

Humanities Division 
Developmental English Instructor 
English Instructor (3 positIOns) 
American Sign Language Instructor 
Jazz and Commerc ial Music Instructor 
Art Instructor 
Theatre Arts Instructor 
Eng lish/ESL Ins tructor 

A ,.pNt .... IiJlitrotn til. 'iatrict 
will visit .. ~UI PI •• _nt Offic. 
•• "'"' willi ...... pecti •• eendiat": 

Friday, 
November 17 

9:45 a.m.-3 p.m. 
COlltKl .... PI.e.ment On,e. 

,.,. aft .ppoint ... nt 

STATE CENTER COMMUNITY 
COUfGE OISTIIICr 

Social Science Division 
Psychology/Human Sexuality Inst ructor 
History InstructOi 
Home Economics/Fashion Retailing Instructor 
Child Development Instructor 
Psychology Instructor 
Political SCience Instructor 

Technical and Industrial Division 
Electromcs Technology Instructor 
Automotive Collision Repair Instructor 
Automotive Technology/Coordinator 

KINGS RIVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
Art Instructor 
Engllsh/ESL Instructor 
Developmental Skills Instructor 
Philosophy Instructor 
Mathematics Instructor (2 positions) 
English Instructor 
Child Development Instructor 
Biology/Chem istry Instructor 
Journalism/English Instructor 
Geography Instructor 

MADERA CAMPUS CENTER 
Counselor 
English Instructor 
MathematiCs Instructor 
History/Political SCience Instructor 
Busilless Ins tructor 

fRESNO 
CITYCOUfGE 

kiNGS RIVER 
COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Thursday, November 9,1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Governor's AS 1276 Veto 

UC Fees Depend on June Election 
By JAY BENNERT 
DailvNexus 

"fees are going to go to the moon," 
Supinger predicted. 

effort to urge passage of SCA J. 
In fact, the UCSA will make 

passageofSCA I a top priority this 
year, Supinger said. "One of 
UCSA's campus advocacy pro-
grams is to get the Gann limit 
changed," she said. 

However, state officials believe 

California college and univer-
sity students could face at least a 
20 percent increase in studenl fees 
if an amendment to the stale 
constitution is defeated next June, 
according to the Office of the 
Universily of California Pre ident 
David Gardner. 

Passage of State Consti tutional 
Amendment I (SCA I ) would al -
low the state to lift its "Gann limit ," 
which sets a maximum level for 
state spending, in order to allocate 
more funds for higher education. 

The student-fee dilemma sur-
faced as a result of Governor 
George Deukmejian 's veto of 
Assembly Bill 1276 early last 
month. The bill would have ex-
tended until August 31, 1995 a 
state policy limiting the level stu-
dent fees can increase in a single 
year. 

If SCA I fails, fees will have to 
be increased to accommodate the 
rising costs of education and the 
planned UC expansion, according 
to UCSB's As ociatedStudentsEx-
ternal Vice President Amy Supin-
ger, a representative of the UC 
Student Association (UCSA). 

Guardian File Photo 

"While I support the existing 
policy, which provides gradual and 
predictable fee increases, I believe 
that extending the unset date for 
the current law would be prema-
ture before the outcome of the] une 
election on SCA 1 is known," 
Deukmejian said in his veto mes-
sage. 

Gov. George Deukmejian 
many are overeslimating the as-
yet-uncalculated potential in-
creases. 

UC spokesperson Rick Malas-
pina sa id Ihat the exact amount of 
such a fee increase will not be de-
tennined unles SCA I is defeated. 

"We are not sure yet how the 
budget process is going to work," 
said Christopher Cabaldon, state 
assembly higher education com-
minee staff member. 

" It wasn' t really surprising that 
he didn't pass [AB 1276), but it 's 
still quite disappointing," Supin-
ger said. 

The legislature is not expected 
to take further action on the bill 
before June said Cabaldon, who 
believes an attempt to override the 
veto is "unlikely." 

"Whatisa certainty is that we ' re 
in big trouble if it doesn't pass." he 
said. 

If the amendment is not pas ed, 

"A lot of comments by the 
University are premature, " he said, 
adding Ihal he believes UC repre-
sentatives are being alannists in an 

Check-Up 
By KEVIN KNOPF, UCSF Synapse 

A recent study published in the New England 
Journal of Medicine confinns what many ophtha-
mologists have feared: that the risk of potentially 
sight-damaging infections increases with prolonged 
weari ng time of contact lenses. The study found that 
the risk of developing a corneal ulcer was 9 to 15 
times higher in patients using "extended wear" soft 
contact lenses than for those wearing daily wear soft 
contact lenses. 

Contact lenses are small, clear devices that are 
placed directly on the cornea of the eye 10 correct 
vision . When first introduced they were "hard" 
lenses, made from a hard plastic, and they could be 
worn on the eye for a day at a time. "Soft" lenses 
were developed using sophisticated polymerchem-
istry and manufacluring techniques; they are lighter 
and allow much more oxygen to gel to the surface 
of the eye. 

Sofllenses require more care when taken out of 
the eye to be disinfected but are more comfortable 
to wear and are preferred by many users. Because 
they allow the eye to breathe better, companies 
began advocating the use of lenses for longer peri-
ods of time and developed the "extended wear" lens 
which could be left on the eye overnight, often for 
days at a time. Manufacturers had advertised their 
safety for 30 days of continuous wear- an extreme 
convenience to Ihe user. 

Most contact lens wearers enjoy adequate sight 
correction with a minimum of discomfort, but all are 
subject to potentia1 complications that go along with 
inserting a foreign device on the eye. The most 
potentially dangerous complicalion, corneal ulcer, 
is caused by a bacterial invasion ofthe cornea. Left 
untreated,lhis infection has the polential of destroy-
ing sight. Nonnally the surface layer of cells on the 
cornea (called epithelium) protects us substantially 
from infection by the bacteria. but researchers 
hypothesize that the buildup of protein debris can 
abrade Ihe epithelium and aid in infection. 

The problem seems to lie not in inherent risks of 
contact lenses but in the length of time the patient 
wears them. Lenses wom for days at a time often 
collect protein debris that is irritating to Ihe eye. In 
light of the study the FDA has requested that manu-
facturers of extended wear soft lenses reduce the 
suggested time from 30 days to 7 days. Approxi-
mately four million Americans currently use ex-
tended wear contact lenses. 

Adequate care of contact lenses should be taught 
to all wearers. For example, disinfection of the con-
tacllenses reduces the collection of bacteria on the 
lens. Enzyme treatment helps to remove the protein 
debris. A particularly dangerous practice for contact 
lens wearers is to re-wet the contacllens by placing 
it in the mouth. This is because the mouth is home 
to numerous bacteria. 

For infonnation on how to properly care for your 
contact lenses and how long you should wear them. 
consult your ophthalmologist. 

"EVERYTHING WE SELL IS DISCOUNTED" 
~ .DELTA ·FORCE ,~ Men's Hi-Top ~ (Air-cushioned) 
Reg. $74.95 
Sale $59.89 

SPERRY TOPSIDER 
ONLY 
$24.95 
Reg. $38.00 

# j.r~' 
AVlA . 

AViA 590 
Reg. $67_95 

Sale $55.89 

SAUCONY 
PRESnGE MID 

REG. $76.00 
SALE $67.89 

ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR AND SPORTSWEAR 
NEW ADDRESSI 5590 La Jolla Blvd. next to the French Pan 

drink It, .... It, 

. 

~It, Of 

I' 

It'. In rile 

s-rlUnl 

NEWS 7 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-

'Musl present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid with major engine or transmission repoirs. 

I :ALL I RSe 450 9494 ~O'UI~,, ; 
eM J _ ' ." " "" .... " 

It You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT OOORTO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

---

_ m 

---.. ---

Q;r;t 
......uachoice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) • 

• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and local 
Anesthesia 

• low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 

(10 Days After Conception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

coil 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Novembel' 9, 1989 

Features 

• By Brian Torres, Contributing Writer 
and James Collier, Features Editor 

One noticeable desire thatlohn Ramirez has 
as AS. president is to reach out to all stu-
dent - of all colors, and to increase cultural 
awareness. 

Ramirez's desire to increase cultural aware-
ness came as a result of certain insensitivities he 
became aware of and wanted to change. 

Ramirez said insensitivities are committed 
both consciously and unconsciously. 

"I know some people that are really into their 
culture and have a cultural appreciation. And 
then someone else will come along and say 
' He's a Mister Culture or she's a Miss Culture.' 
To me that says this person is insensitive. They 
don't understand the purpose behind cultural 
awareness and cultural appreciation, and instead 
of trying to understand, they decide to label 
someone else- to me that shows a lack of 
awareness," he said. 

Sometimes, Ramirez said that he sees the 
misunderstandings main I y between students and 
faculty. He said that teachers would often be un-
sympathetic to students who desired to leave 
academic events due to what he called impor-
tant "CUltural events." 

Also, Ramirez said that there is a major 
misconception about minority students. He said 
many minorities are labelled as "affirmative 
action" students . 

"When the administration doesn't deal with 
exactly what affirmative action is-people have 
a lot of misconceptions about it. Students of 
color are being perceived as having less ability. 
When this happens, most students of color don't 
feel at home here," he said. 

, 

Photographs by Jennifer Kolsky/Guardiar 

"Sometimes African-Americans, Chicanos 
and Asian students don't feel at home here 
because of the previous [AS.) councils, the ad-
ministration and the issues being addressed here," 
he said. "I haven't seen a positve or negative 
move from the administration- it's more I ike a 
neutral at the moment. It can be good, it can be 
bad." 

Ramirez said students can see that the ad-
ministration is being neutral. He said it makes 
students wonder in regards to what the admini-
stration wants to do about minorites. 

Ramirez said the composition of the AS. is 
changing. More students from all cultural groups 
and more women are becoming involved in the 
A.S. as a result of what they perceive as a 
genuine desire on the part of the AS. to reach 
out to them. 

" In [AS. representation) the past has been 
mostly men. In the past there have been women 
presidents, but they have been few and far be-
tween," he said. 

Ramirez said students of color have in the 
past been underrepresented in the A.S. Mem-
bers of some cultural groups, said Ramirez, are 
simply too shy, in comparison with thoseaccus-
tomed to the main stream culture, to venture into 
positions of leadership. 

"There's recently been a surge to get in-
volved by students of color in the A,.S. , and I 
find that real pleasing" he said. "That's one of 
my goals-to diversify to be more reflective of 
the UCSD community. While in the past there 
hasn't been too much involvement and I think 
the reasons were the issues that students of color 
felt were important weren ' t being addressed. 

There are minority students that are upset at 
the administration fortaking a neutral stand with 
affirmative action, Ramirez said. 

"By and large, most of the faculty and ad-
ministration don 't even deal with this issue," he 
said. 

A.S. President John Ramirez Feels 
It's Important to 'Reach Out' 

"When you start addressing the issues people 
feel more at home, more at ease, and they'll start 
feeling like they are being more represented." 

Ramirez said that "students of color" feel 
more at ease in coming to the council, and that 
they know the resources to use to address the 
council. 

" It doesn't matter what color skin you are, what matters is that you understand 
another person's culture and what is important to someone else," Ramirez said. 

Ramirez feels that the UCSD administration "sets the tone" for dealing with issues 
that are important to Hispanics and blacks. Issues that he called important were 
recuitment and retention of minorities. 

"When you have only 342 African-Americans out of 12.000 at this whole univer-
sity. Or when 52 of the entering class are African-Americans that's a concern to 
them," he said. "And for Chicanos when you have only 50% of their kids that start 
kindergarten graduate-this was the same case in the sixties. So, things haven ' t 
changed. 

"When that percentage gets smaller and smaller at a uni versi ty- that's a concern 
for Chicanos. And when it's being addressed effectively it shows in the enviroment. 
People call see that the administration is being responsive and making an effort. And 
when they're not-it is also viewed upon as such." 

Ramirez said that the administration's neutral stance on mimority issues discour-
ages minority students from getting involved and "feeling at home here." 

Getting students from all groups involved in the AS. will lead to the improve-
ment ofHfe for each student at UCSD and better prepare those who become involved 
in some way with the school to better deal with the real world once they leave college, 
Ramirez said. 

Ramirez referred to the real world for most UCSD students when they graduate 
as being the Slate of California. 

Ramirez said the demographics of group percentages he said are changing rapidly 
in California and if one does not know how to deal with different types of people 
now, then now is the time to start learning. 

"[t's important that you learn how to deal with someone right now that comes 
from a different background because you're eventually going to have to deal with 
that person. If you don't know what concerns the other person you may not be 
successful because you don't know how to deal with that person," Ramirez said. 

Said Ramirez, "A council can best represent its students when there is better 
communication with the council. ". 

"Students of color are being 
perceived as having less abil-
ity. When this happens most 
students of color don't feel at 
home here . .. " 

Thursday, November 9, 1989 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Charity Ball for Homeless 
With Thanksgivingjust two weeks away, 

many people have much to be thanking and 
are envisioning an elaborate feast among 
loved ones in a warm and comforting envi-
ronment. For the homeless, however, get-
ting food and shelter is a daily struggle. 
H.G .P.E. (Help Other People Eat), would 
like to combat this problem. 

According to H.O.P.E. Chairperson 
Lynette Rinella, the group is an all-volun-
teer student-run organization, and is putting 
on a "Semi-Fonnal Charity Ball" Sunday, 
Nov. 12. 

zations that support the homeless. We also 
sent out 200 invitations to the commu-
nity ...... 

want students to feel comfortable and we 
don 't want to exclude anyone," Dave 
Bradbury, H.O.P.E. founder, said. 

"Jt's going to be a lot of fun," Rinella 
said. "There will bea 101 of people there who 
can offer education about the homeless. 
[The charity ball] is in part to educate our 
colleges. "We're inviting 100 otherorgani-

Rinella said that all the money raised is 
going towards the homeless, and the pur-
chase of a halfway house. 

Tickets for the event will be sold through 
the Price Center Box Office and H.O.P.E. 
will have a booth set up Nov. 9 though Nov. 
10, in the Price Center Plaza. Prices are: $15 
for students, $20 for non-students and $30 
for couples. 

"No one is making any money off of this. 
All of the money goes to the homeless," she 
said. 

"We picked a semi-formal because we -Gavin M.D. Christy 

1I1111111W111111Mtw111 Some say it's the more leisurely pare. Others enjoy the 
fact there are ISO trails almost all theirs alone to enjoy. We like to feel it's the extra at· 
tention we can give to you, 0'V guests. Most likely It's each of these and more. All 
presented dramatically in fresh mountain air, under a lot of blue skies and in some of 
the most beautiful scenery you'll find in California. 
YOlf'v. fOlio try •••• lit ...... Yoa'U lid,. tlIJInnul 

lOs: Anytime- A new ticket book with 10 lift tickets good anytime throughout the 
season is only 1290, I~ off our regular ticket prices. 
MWweek hcllagest Super 3, 4 & 5 day lift and lodging packages. An individual 
can enjoy three fantastic days ofskling and three nights oflodging for as low as 1191. 
'10 TIcMI ~ _ ./Nlf8fm1b!t. t"""'" ~ 1fOI tJtIIid boIitIay p.rioIIs. 
/nditJidwII priu /Ja$ed 0fI dollble~. 

Attea4 CoIJeae In ........... 
fIljoy skiing while you continue your eOication in Mammoth's new fully· 

accredited coIIeae and university proppm! Call: (619) 873·1565 

••••••••••••••••• 
I I vest 0 Smd ""' tbefr« Marrmwtb v~ /'W_ 

II 0 I've mdcwI "'Y 1190, I lila'" /bI',. TIdII .... I ." __ _ I ,~,~-----------------------
I AdIftss _______ ,Oly -------
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

ST __ Zip Phone ________ _ 
OOleck OMoneyOrder OVisa owc OAMX 
ecHo. ___________ £lIExpiradon: __ _ 

S~ure _________________ _ 

Send 10 Bo12~ , Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (619)934.2571. 

nlain 
SId U 10 H1kw III 

• • • 
• 
• 
• 
• • • 
• • • • • • • I • 

•••••••••••••••••••• 



10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 9,1989 

Sports 
Tritons Shoot For National Title This Weekend 

Women's Soccer Goes For It All 
By DOUG SHADDLE 
COnlribllling Writer 

It's here. 
Finally. 
And it's about time. 
West Coa tschool may finally 

be earning a little respect in Divi-
sion III port . Thi weekend, the 
UCSD Triton host the CAA 
Division m women' soccer a-
tional Championship at the orth 
Campu Stadium. 

For the past several years, the 
women's nationals have been held 
on the east coast-most notably in 
Minnesota and New York. 

At this time of year, the weather 
and field conditions have been far 
from ideal in those states, to say 
the least. Last year the Tritons lost 
the final in extremely wet, muddy 
and snowy conditions in thei r fir t 
- and only - loss of the year. 

"Playing in the rain and snow 
turns the contest into a 
lottery ... there won' t be a reall y 
competitive tournament until the 

NCAA holds it in the sun on the 
West Coast," Triton Head Coach 
Brian McManus aid last week 
before his team traveled to Minne-
sota for the West Regional Cham-
pionship. 

The Tritons advan ed to the 
final four by defeating Macalaster 
College 1-0 in overtime and host 
SI. Thomas 2-1 on penalty kicks in 
35-degree Minne ota weather last 
weekend. 

McManus' wish i fi nally going 
to come true, and he's extremely 
happy about it. 

"It's going to be a much better 
tournament now that it's here ... they 
will probably be the most exciting 
semi-final and final games incham-
pionship history," he predicted. 

In Saturday's semifinals, North-
east Regional Champion Ithaca 
College of New York (15-0-5) will 
face South-Midwest Regional 
Champion Methodist of North 
Carolina (15-5) at 10 a.m., and 
UCSD (1 7-1-1 ) will take on New 
England Regional Champion Ply-

mouth State of New Hampshire 
( 13-2) at I p.m. The winners will 
play fo r the national title at noon 
on S unday. 

The senior-dom inated Triton 
(seven out of 19 players) will con-
tinue to rely on terling offensive 
performances from scoring lead-
ers Fel icia Faro and Heather Mauro. 
Mauro currently holds both the 
UCSD single-sea son and career 
record for goals scored. 

Senior goalie 1 ulie Friess, the 
Triton reco rd ho lder in career 
shutouts, must continue her solid 
play if the Tritons hope to pull it 
off. Against St. Thomas, Friess 
blocked three penalty kicks to 
secure the victory. 

The Triton 'defe nse has been a 
majo r factor all season, allowing 
only two goals, while collecting 16 
shutouts. This has helped enable 
the offense to outscore its oppo-
nents 76-2. 

For students, admi sion to the 
games at the North Campus Sta-
dium is $2 with a valid I.D. card. 

Photo by Vic Dulacl<. 

Teresa Schwaar (4) bounded down the field with extra clothing 
against Macalester last weekend in Minnesota. 

Nationals Three Wins Away for Water Polo 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

For a second, Denny Harper 
looked away and dropped his head 
a bit. 

"For me, personally?" he asked. 
After an affirmative nod, he 

answered, "Yeah, it would." 
It should be. 
Harper, the head coach for the 

UCSD men's water polo team, has 
the chance of a lifetime this week-
end. For the first time in ten years 
of coaching, Harper has the oppor-
tunity to bring a Triton team to the 
eight-team CAA ational Tour-
nament. For Harper personally, 
making it to the NCAA 's would be 
his greatest thrill s ince he began 
coaching for UCSD. 

Whatever school win s the 
Western Water Polo Association 
(WWPA) Championships this 
weekend at Canyonview Pool will 
earn a spot in the national touma-

ment,to be held this year in Indian-
apolis, Indiana from Nov. 24-26. 
An NCAA ruling, installed this 
year, now grants a national berth to 
the winner of the WWPA Champi-
onships. The host Tritons are fa-
vored this weekend, and they 
should be. 

UCSD, currently ranked sev-
enth in the nation 's Open Division, 
has defeated four ofthe seven other 
teams p laying in the WWPA 
Championships this year, but has 
not yet faced the other three. 

Harper does not expect to lose 
Friday ' s 3 p.m. first round game to 
Santa Clara, one of the schools his 
team has not played. But he is a bit 
concerned about Saturday's pos-
sible matchup with UC Davis. and 
an expected meeting with the Air 
Force Academy in the champion-
ship game on Sunday. 

Though the Tritons have also 
not played Davis, they did man-
handle the Aggies' first-round 

IN THIS ISSUE ... 
What's at stake for intercollegiate 
Triton sports this weekend •.• 

• WOMEN'S SOCCER in Nadoaal Final Four at 
North Campus Stadium (10) 

• MEN'S WATER POW ia Western Water Polo 
AIiSDd.tion Cbampicwbips at CauYODview [10] 

• WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL ia Welt R ..... (11) 
. • MEN'S SOCCER in Wetit Jlepaaal Final [13) 

• MEN'S AND WOMEN'S CROSS COUNTRY in 
West Regional Meet [l4] 

• SPECIAL FEATURE on Womeo's Volleyball and 
injured AU·American Rachel Vetter [15) 

opponent - Loyola Marymount 
- twice. UCSD first drowned 
LMU 13-4 back in an early-season 
tournament, and then crushed the 
Lions 17-5 in the UCLA Bruin Cup 
on Oct. 14. 

Air Force gave the Tritons a 
fight in that same tournament -
the U C Santa Barbara Gaucho Cup, 
when most students were still en-
joying their summer vacation -
but came up short by a 10-9 count. 
The Tritons again too k care of Air 
Force 10-6 in the Claremont Mini-
Tournament on Oct. 28. 

The 17-12 Tritons are on a roll 
- they have won seven of their 
last nine games and the two losses 

were to Cal and UCLA - schools 
not exactly known for lousy men's 
water polo programs. 

The winner of Friday 's UCSD-
Santa Clara matchup w ill play in a 
semifinal match on Saturday at 
4:30 p.m. 1lJe loser will play in a 
consola tion game at 11 a.m. tha t 
same day. Thefinal game will be 
played o n Sunday at2:30 p. m. The 
games will be played in Canyon-
view Pool and the Natatorium. 

Though playing at home has its 
natural advantages, (weather, 
crowd, e tc.), the Tritons are only 4-
4 this season in their own stomping 
grounds. 

"We've been playing great 

water polo," Harper said. " I ' m 
very confident [about winning the 
toumament] ... but Air Force and 
L.A. State are not going to roll 
.over." 

Cal Sta te L.A. will be compet-
ing in the bottom bracket in a Fri-
day game with Claremont, while 
Air Force will tackle UC River-
side. UCSD has beaten Cal State 
L.A. 15-7 and 13-3 th is year, and 
destroyed C laremont 19- tOto wi n 
the Claremont Mini -Tournament. 

This weekend, the team could 
physically realize Harper's great-
est thrill, g iv ing it a c hance to cre-
ate poss ibly greater thrills in Ind i-
ana. 

Senior Todd Sells could help lead the Tritons into their first ever NCAA National Tournament. 

Thursday, November 9, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Women's Volleyball in West Regional 

UCSD Goes for Number Six 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Associate S,JOrts Editor 

----

A hostile crowd, a crummy gym , 
traveling and playing out of sync. 

These are some of the factors 
fac ing the three-time defending 
N at ional C hampion UCS D 
women's volleyball team in the 
Division III West Regional at La 
Verne th is weekend. 

But Triton Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik claims he wouldn't have 
it any other way. 

" We've come a long way, and if 
we're the best, we have to go out 
and prove it ," he said. " It 's the best 
way to prepare ourselves to take 
care of business when we need to 
[at nationals )." 

The business at hand involves 
taking on the winner of tonight' s 
match between Menlo College (23-
7) and Cal S tate San Bernardino 
(20- 12), tomorrow night a t 5:30 
p.m . 

Dannevik expects to face Menlo 
on Friday, for although he de-
scribed C S US B as " b ig and 
trong," he pointed out that Menlo 

is "better sk iIIed and has an AIl -
American setter that can carry 
them ." 

The Tritons dropped a best-of-
three match to Menlo 4- 15, 15- 10, 
15-5, in the championship of the 
Pomona-Pitzer Invitational on Sep. 
23. UCSD thumped CSUSB 15-
10, 15-12,15-5 in their only meet-
ing of the year. 

A win Friday would put UCSD 
in Saturday's 7 :30 p.m. champion-
ship game, most likely against 
second-ranked La Ve rne. The 
Leopards play the winner of 
tonight 's match between Colorado 
College (16-7) and Eastern Con-
necticut (26- 12) tomorrow after 
the UCSD match. 

Top-ranked UCSD hasn ' t faced 
either of those early-round teams, 
but handed La Verne (23-6) half of 
its losses. The victories include a 
15- 13, 15-10 win in the Pomona 
Invite, a 15- 10, 10- 15, 13-15, 15-
9, . 15- 12 comeback effort at La 
Verne a week later and a 7 -15, 15-
8, 15-8, 15- 11 win last week. All 
this with a revamped Triton lineup. 

The 'new" rotation returns 
Allison Hensleit to the right side, 
Jenny Wellman to the left and 
Becky Palmer to middle blocker. 

Dannevik admitted to making 
an e rror in j udgment at one point in 
the season, but caught it in time to 
keep the team in contention. 

" We were too concerned with 
ind ividual assignments, and we 
weren't ball handling well," he said. 
"I moved players back to where 
they were trained to play, which 
gave them more confidence." 

Still, though, the Tritons' main 
key will be passing the ball to 
setter Linda Ross to feed power-
houses Elizabeth Tan and Palmer 
on the middle attack, and Diana 

RECORDS & RANKINGS 
ltLI -.... 

--X-Country (M) -- .. .. 20th 
X-Country (W) -- _. .- U tb 
Soccer (M) 13 5 3 17tb 
Soccer (W) J7 1 1 lsi 
Volleyball (W) 20 12 0 hi 
Water Polo (M) 17 Jl 0 8th 

Klintworth from all angles. 
All season long, Dannevik has 

stressed how Ross, a senior, needed 
to develop for the team to have a 
shot at returning to postseason play 
for the ninth time. 

He feels that his sette r, whom 
he substituted into last year's na-
tional title game for All-American 
Laurie Bertanyi, is "right where I 
envis ioned her having to play at 
this time of year. 

"She's developed into a setter 
who understands what to do," he 
added. 

Dannevik, who has coached 24 
All-Americans, praises Klintworth 
as " the s ingle, most dominant 
player I've ever coached. She's the 
epitome of what a player should be 
like. 

"She has dedicated herself for 
four years, and put herself in a 
position where she can make o r 
break us. She's taking us on her 
back and saying 'Let's go!' " Dan-
nevik added. 

Klintworth, who has started for 
three and a half seasons, has the 
chance to become the fi rst female 
intercollegiate athlete to play on 
four championship teams in four 

years. She downplays the possible 
history-making accomplishment, 
however, remaining focused on 
team goals . 

"I thought about it after the 
second one, but winning as a team 
is more important than any indi-
vidual honor." she said. "[Five 
national titles are) such a domi-
nance." 

Herplayoffexperience will play 
a major role, for at this stage she is 
more excited than nervous. 

"r was a wreck as a freshman, " 
she said, "start ing the ti tle game in 
front of 3,500 people at Calvin 
[Grand Rapids, Mic higanJ." 

Dannevik feels confident head-
ing into La Verne, where the Tri-
tons finished second to Elmhurst 
([]]inois) in the national tourna-
ment in 1983. 

"La Verne and Menlo would 
have to play their best of the year to 
get even wi th us. When we run our 
offense, nobody can stop us. We 
just have to play within ourselves," 
he said. 

"At the beginning o f the year, 
some thought the title wasn' t in 
reach," Kl intworth said. " It defi -
nitely is now ." 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

(Pbil is currently 8-5) 

Will Women's Volleyball 
Win the Reglonals? 

Favorite 
Yes 

Spread 
No spread· 

Underdog 
NO 

PHn: s ANAL YSIS .. ..It might be destiny. It might be 
luck. But it's probably sheer talent that' s going to carry the 
UCSD women's volleyball team into their fourth straight 
national tournament. The regionals? No problem. Menlo 
College is the only team in the tournament that the Tritons 
have lost to this year - and that was when the team was 
still going through adjustments. Butthey've steadied, won 
four in a row and seven of their last ten, and have regained 
their number one national ranking in the process. The 
second-ranked La Verne Leopards are hosting the West 
Regional Championship, which officially begins tonight 
(UCSD plays its first game tomorrow), but the Tritons 
have beaten them three times this season. If need be, 
they 'll make it four. PHIL says ... 

YES, THEY WILL 
"OII'ocial lifte from Sloroomin·? Oallni,h Hall 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOUIS: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs.; 
11-11 Sat.; 12-10:30 Sun. 

\. 

),. 
\ N'. 

v 

lA JOUA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
( in Von's Shopping Center) 

.' \ " , 
",,'" .... . 

. , , 

" , 

'" 
> 

~-

--------------------------
I I 

: 2 for 1 ~===:r : I Ie ... , value FREE. I 
I Void with ooy other offer. Toppings not Included. I 
I One coupon per c ustomer. Ex!'lres 11 /12/89 I 

~--------------------------~ 

SPORTS 11 

Brian MorriS/Guardian 
Junior Allison Hensleit has helped UCSD rise back to the top. 

Kampus Productions 
PRESENTS 

THURSDAY NIGHT CLUB 

- at-

VIC'S 
EVER Y Tf-!! fRSDA Y 

7825 Fay Avenue . La Jolla 

$1.00 Drink Spect. t, All Nlte Longl 
$1 .00 Dr.1t BHnI 

Dance to the latest in 
Industrial & Progressive music! 

ADMISSION: 
$3 00 With college 
I D o r inVitat ion 

5500 Without 

21 AND UP 
I D REOU IREO 

Set-UP' Sale/ Rental • Swim,uib • Stuff for Fun, Sun, Surf 

Come in and enter a dra~ lor 
either a Milcasa V1200 J::;r-J 

or a V82 (outdoorJ • 
Drawing on Nov. 24, 5 p.m. 

WHVW need not be present, 

4432 Ingraham St. in Paci~c Beach • 272-6827 

-



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

Cluslfled advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
words Is $1 for students, $3 for 
faculty and staff and $4 'or others. 
Payment In advance Is required; 
therefore, 8ds must be mailed with a 
check (made payabte to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
PIeae hllveeuct change. DHdllrws 
ara 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Gu.rdl.n 
reserves the right to rafuse any 
advertising Including but not IImHed 
to companionship ads. For more 
In'ormatlon call 534-5416. The 
Guard"n, UCSD, B-01 6, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
UCSD 9-Ball Tourney-Friday, Nov. 
10. Price Center Gameroom. $2 Entry. 
Starts 5:30 p.m. Call 534·5390. (11 /6-
9) 

"PICTIONARYTOURNAMENT"Tonite 
at Pepper Canyon Lodge, 8 pm, first-
come-first-play, 5-6 memb. teams, 
PRIZES, FREE! (11 /9) 

Vis~ Japan next summer. Live with 
Japanese host families, tour; camping, 
and much more, 432-2053. (1116·30, 
1/4) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS ATUCSD ! 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth , education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Studentsl 
502 Matthews; eastofthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534·2521 . (11 /2-
30) 

Need a bicycle, cheap?1 Come to the 
UCSD Police Auction l Bikes, stereos, 
sporting goods, watches, jewelry, 
books , clothes and much more l 
Saturday Nov 11th, 1 0 :00am. Pre-
auction viewing 9:00am. UCSD Storage 
facility, 4051 Old Miramar Rd. (1 Block 
west of Regents) For more info. call 
534-4358. (1 112-9) 

J . P. Moran stockbrokers ASAP 
inlernship. Intem will be involved in all 
aspects of the business, including client 
contact. For more info contact the A. S. 
Intemship office at 534-4689. (11/9) 
"SHARPEN YOUR STUDY HABITS: 
The popularity of books on learning 
theory and self·improvement attest to 
the need for a definitive guide to good 
study habits. HERE IT IS. This is the 
touchtone of study technique to date_ 
Now studying can be a breeze-and 
great fun too. Please call 456·7898 for 
more info. Price $28. Great Christmas 
gift. 11/6-9) 

DO SOMnHING DIFIFUIUni 
DUliNG YOUI 

HOLIDAY I.EAK! 

!ntensive IanQuage programs 
In France, SWltzer1and, Spain, 
Germany & Italy. 3 - 10 week 
programs. Special language 
teacher refresher courses too! 
Family or hotel accommoda· 
tions! Call for details and 
FREE Catalog! 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center Q -076 

La Jolla, CA 92093 
619·451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 9,1989 

Classifieds 
All UCSD students are invited to 
participate in the Fifth College Photo 
Contest in recognition of National 
Geography Week, November 12-18. 
Entry details available in MAAC 202, 
Fifth College Provost Office. Deadline: 
November 13,1989. First place is a fifty 
dollar award. (11 /2-9) 

Hardeore Benefit concert at Triton Publ 
4 live bands. Nov. 17th. Tickets at Box 
Office nowl!l (11 /6-9) 

DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
Inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourself l Call 587-1775. 
(11 /6-30) 

Need a bicycle, cheap?! Come to the 
UCSD Police Auction I Bikes, stereos, 
sporting goods, watches, jewelry, books, 
clothes and much more! Saturday Nov 
11th 10:00am. Pre-auction viewing 
9:00am. UCSD Storage facility, 4051 
Old Miramar Rd. (1 Block west of 
Regents) For more info. call 534·4358. 
(11 /2-9) 

SKI VAIL ALL·CAL with RISC , 
December 9-161 Package includes 5-
day lift pass, transportation, deluxe 
lodging on the mountain, 2 dances, 2 
races, 2 picnics , broomball, thumper, 
many contests, refreshments and more! 
Tickets : $389 bus, $525 air, $298 
ground, on sale now at box office! (11 16-
20) 

$$$ for STUDY ABROAD I EAPIOAP 
students going abroad winter/spring: 
Apply now for Friends of the Intemational 
Center Scholarships. Deadline 
November 13. Detailslapplications in 
the Opportunities Abroad Office. (10/ 
30·11 /9) 
EARLY DEADLINE for SUMMER 
internships with the Los Angeles Times 
and the San Jose Mercury News is 
MONDAY, Nov 20! Writers, copy editors 
and photographers needed. 

Mexico Spring Ouarter Study and Field 
Experience Program: Student with 3.0 
GPA and one year of Spanish eligible. 
Deadline November 10. Info/ 
Applications available (by appointment) 
Irom Opportunities Abroad Office. (10/ 
30·11 /9) 

For more info to apply contact AS 10 at 
534-4689. Located in the Price Center, 
3rd floor. (11 /9-11 /16) 
$$$ for STUDY ABROAD I $6200 
Circumnavigators Club scholarship for 
summer 1990 research. Applicants must 
be UCSD senior in fall 1990. Detailsl 
applications in the Opportunities Abroad 
Office. Deadline November 13. (10130-
11 /9) 

Business Management Opportunities -
Attend information session TODAY -
Price Ctr_ Gallery "A' 4 :00 pm. Hosts : 
Student Painters. (1119) 

DRUNK DRIVING 
DEFENSE 

from 
$250.22 plus costs 

FREE CONSULTATION 

PERSONAL INJURY 
AUTOIMARINE ACCIDENTS 

SLiPITRIP & FALL 
PRODUCT DEFECT INJURIES 

NO RECOVERY, 
NO ATTORNEY FEESI 

LA JOLLA OFFICE 
546-2927 

ATIENTION ALL STUDENTSI This 
weekend onlyl Casual Clothing Outlet 
sale. Sweaters, jeans, sweats, shorts, 
jackets, and much much more. All ite, l iS 
are 60-90% off retail . 80% of everything 
is under $15. Friday and Saturday only 
from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 8250 
Camino Santa Fe. 4 lights east of 805 
off Miramar Road. 10% discount for 
all students. 450-3323. 11 /9) 

Room and bathroom for rent. Female, 
non-smoker. Three blocks from beach. 
Available 11 /15·3/15. $270/mo. plus 11 
3 utilities. Call 272-5945. (1116-1119) 

The Society for Biotech Management 
presents David Edwards - Director of 
Industrial Relations at Center for 
Molecular Genetics. Informational 
discussion on Local Biotech Co. 's this 
Thursday (11 /9) in PH 104 from 6:30-
8:00 pm . (1119) 
Third College Peer Advisors needed 
for Summer Orientation. Apply now at 
Third Academic Advising. (1116-9) 
BRAINSTORM - New club for idea 
motivated individuals. Oasis Annex (old 
bookstore) Friday, 5-7 pm. Info 452-
2222. (1119) 
WORKABROADTHISSUMMER!UCII 
Foothill International Education 
Program information session Tuesday 
November 14, 3·5 p.m. In Intemational 
Center lounge. Sponsored by the 
Opportunities Abroad Office. (11/6-13) 

Kaibigang Pilipino's traditional dance 
workshop 11/15, 4 pm at Davis 
Riverside Room. (1119-11/13) 
COFFEEHOUSE welcomes everyone 
tonight, Nov 9th, in the Warren College 
Commons from 9-11 pm. (11/9) 

SERVICES 
TypingIWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (1112·30) 
MACINTOSH SERVICE/UPGRADES. 
Component level repair . FREE 
estimates , reasonable rates . 
Weekends, PO's OK. Compufix 456-
5916. (1112-16) 
MAC 1281512 ownersl Upgrade to Plus 
level (SIMM's SCSI) $165/$145. Year 
Warranty. COMPUFIX 456-5916. (111 
2·13) 
DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourself! Call 587-
1775. (11/6-30) 

WORD PROCESSING - Fast , 
dependable service. Rush jobs taken. 
Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9128-1 1/ 
30) 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take the bite out 

01 your dental concerns 

274-811£ 
274-2483 

J{arne t '.[. Sefaill, 'D.:M.'D. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
Alter work I After class 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 Clairemont Mesa BIrd, 
(corner of Genesee) 

For the lowest fares call us, your 
friendly It's a Small World Travel Agent, 
459-0681. (1 0123·11127) 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 HoJiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226· 
1962. (9/18-1/4) 
PASSPORT PICTURES I New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95_ While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (1019-3/12) 
WORD PROCESSING-NEXT TO 
UCSDI Term papers, manuscripts, 
resumes, lhasas. Laser typeset quality. 
Marsha 535-8260. (10/16-11 /30) 

WORD PROCESSING, Student Rates, 
papers, dissertation experience, 7 days 
a week, 4 .0 English skills, 755-2683. 
(10116-11 /9) 

Word Processing/Typing - IBM/ 
Macintosh systems - APA available -
Spelling corrected - Rush jobs specialty 
- Clairemont 274-8305. (10123·11130) 

Pet Health Care Veterinarian - call 459-
3279, "cater to students- - 10% off 1 st 
visit with this ad. (1119) 

TYPINr. - TERM ,THESES . LEGAL, 
MEDICAL, REPORTS. RUSH JOBS/ 7-
DAYS A WEEK. MARIE. 931 -9596. (10130-
11130) 

WANTED 
Eam $3,000 - $5,000 per month. Part 
time. Drive that new car you wanted. If 
you would seriously like to change your 
current standard of living .... call 258-
8948. (1112-13) 
Zebra Copy is hiring customer service/ 
production staff. All shifts part time or 
full time. Must have a professional 
attitude, good communication skills and 
enthusiasm . Copy experience 
preferred. Above average pay. 457-
1007 (11/2-30) 
Make Extra HolidayMoney.CallUCSD 
Annual Fund Today. $7, on campus, 
flexible hours. 587·1585. (1116-17) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees, customers and suppliers. 
Successful applicants undergo 
extensive training. Average earnings 
$6-10,000. Call "Student Painters" 1-
800-426-6441 . (1015-11130) 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (9/18-1/4) 
ATTENTION : EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,000/year 
income potential. Details (1) 602·838-
8885 Ext. Bk 18113. (10/30-11/9) 

Part Time Employment. Parking lot 
Attendant. Hours flexible, $5 hour and 
up. Call Chris 224-5203. (11 /9·11 /16) 

Do you feel alienated? If so, I would like 
you to participate in a documentary 
video I am making. Please call Brian at 
293-0228. (11 /9-11 /16) 
Sales - Ladies Boutique, La Jolla part 
time mornings $5 per hour, 459-0302, 
454-8395 evenings. (1119-11/13) 
ATTENTION : EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKSI $32,OOOlyear 
income potential. Details (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. Bk18113. (11/9-11/20) 
ATIENTION • HIRINGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840 - $69,485. 
Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext R181 13. (11 / 
9-11120) 
EARN $2,000 - $4,000. Searching for 
employment that permits working your 
own hours, but still challenging enough 
for your entrepreneurial skills? Manage 
programs for Fortune 500 Companies. 
Eam $2,000 to $4,000. Call 1·800-932· 
0528 ext. 1 1. Ideal for grad students. 
(11/9-11/13) 
BEN & JERRY'S ICE Glil'EAM is looking 
for energetic andl reliable people. 
Evening shifts available. Interviews are 
on Fri. November 10th 9-4 pm. 4150 
Regents Park Row Suite 180. (11/9) 
CHILDCARE NEEDED : FUll-time 
childcare for our four month old 
daughter. My home or yours. One other 
child OK. Experience and references 
required. Call Bridget at (415) 322-6527 
before December 1 st or at (619) 286-
1042 after December 8th. (11/9) 

FOR SALE 
ATARI520ST -512K RAM, Disk drive, 
2 monitors (color TV w/RF adaptor & BI 
W monitor), printer, modem, all cables, 
software. Can emulate Mac, IBM, CPt 
M. $700 firm. Call Michael, 584·4501 . 
(11 /2-9) 
1987 Honda Elite 80 scooter, white, low 
miles, mint condition, with helmet and 
parking sticker only $750. Call Chris at 
587-9239 (LEAVE MESSAGE). (11/6-
9) 
ATTENTION-GOVE R NMENT 
HOMES from $1 (U-repair). Delinquent 
tax property. Repossessions. Call 1-
602-838-8885 Ext.GH18113. (11/6-17) 
Macintosh 44 Meg Hard Drive. With 1 
year warranty. Int/exl $3951$465. call 
535-0930. (11/2-13) 
1982 Datsun 310GX, 2nd owner, 
dependable, sunroof, 5spd, new tires, 
$1 ,1 OOtbest,259-9390,eves, Scott. (11/ 
6-9) 
'85 Yamaha RZ-350, mint condition-
sacrifice $1800. Call 431-8558 or 259-
1439. (11/6-16) 
Fender Telecaster $400, Fender 
Concert Amp $400, Bass Pedals & 
Case. Call Les at 457-7550. (11/6-9) 

The Guardian Is Looking For 
An Associate Features Editor 

... And It Could Be You! 
The Guardian has an opening for a Clark Kent 

or Lois Lane with superhuman powers to assist 
the Features Department in assigning, editing and 
laying out stories. If you think you can do all these 
faster than a speeding bullet, then send your cover 
letter, resume and clips to Seth Slater, c/o The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA, 92039 or 
drop it by our office on the second floor of the old 
Student Center by 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, Nov. 14. 

Thursday, November 9,1989 
-=----------

TheUCSDGuard~ian~ ____________________________________ ~S~P~O~R=T~S~I~3 

AIR Ticket- Anywhere U.S. btw 1/1-6/ 
30/90. Pref. Oriental. $250. Chem 6A, 
B, C; 7A, B Book. New. Swelt Red 
Honda Elile 80 - '87. Has everything: 
helmet, lock, insurance, registration , 
UCSD par,king permit. Best offer. ·Call 
Paranee 458-5947 anytime. Leave 
message. (11/6·9) 
Futon & hardwood frame $1 OS. Unused. 
Can deliver. 268-0814. (11/6-30) 
Macintosh High-ReSOlution Mono-
chrome Monitor. Brand New. Never 
been used. Worth $295. Now $175. 
558-8110. (11/6-16) 
IBM-PC Jr, 640K, color monitor, 
Graphics Printer, Modem $800 o.b .o. 
Call 259-1439. (1116-16) 
Big Refrigerator-Freezer 18.6 cubic ft ., 
off·white, excellent condition. $150 call 
now. Joy 578-6523. 

Violin (Suzuki) Full size, excellent 
condition. $300 firm . 455-0931 ask for 
Patricia. (1116-30) 
TWA Student discounts on airfares 
anywhere TWA flies - U.S., Europe, 
Middle East, Caribbean & Hawaii -
481-1264. (11 /2-30) 
Piano, antique oak, upright with bench. 
Plays beautifully. $450 obo. 453-4883. 
(10/30·11/9) 

Sweet Red 1987 Honda Elite 80. Has 
everything : helmet, lock, insurance, 
registration, UCSD parking permit. Best 
Offer. 

RT Airticket - Anywhere US btw 1/1/90 
- 6130/90. Preferably Oriental. $250. 
New Chem 6A-C; 7A,B book. Call 
Paranee, 458-5947 anytime. Leave 
message. (1119-11/13) 
1971 71 Mercury Comet (A classic), 8 
V -302 engine, runs great, very powerful, 
new paint, brakes, etc. Air conditioner, 
power steering, good tires, excellent 
maintenance. Must sell, best offer 275-
2045. (11/9·11113) 
Guitar, Hohner Stienberger copy 
headless, 8 months otd, with soft case. 
$250/0b0. Foster 453-7488. (1119-111 
13) 
25' Racing Bike, in great condition, 
biking computer included. $300. Jerry, 
455-8236. (11 /9·11116) 
Speaker sale. 2 Pyle 8" $30 ea. , 2 
Technics 6 x 9 $30 ea, 4 Pyle Tweeters 
$25 ea., 2 Boston Acoustics 3 112' $15 
ea, Honda Stick Radio $175. Daniel. 
457-4887. (11 /9) 
Full size bed, $50 (mattress, boxspring, 
metal base w/ rollers) Hutch $20, Call 
Miko 586·6245. (11 /9-11 /13) 
"Otis I" '71 VW Squareback, new trans 
(warranty) ; good engine, tires. 
Character I $800/obo 546-1363 Julie 
(11/9-11/13) 
1977 Suzuki GS550 Motorcycle runs 
perfect, helmet, gloves. permit incl. 
$500 Call 558-8638 Jon. (11/9-11/27) 

Futon & Frame, $1 101both. Upright 
Plano $450, Mllcrowava, almost new 
$50. 436-7480 after 5:30. (1119) 
Datsun 210 h'back, 1980. 5 speed. 
Head gasket needs replacement, 
otherwise fine. $500 792·1265x40548. 
(1119) 

85 Ford Mustang Lx 4 speed. 3 door 
with NC , AMlFM stereo, PS, tinted 
windows, custom rims and cloth interior. 
Has 66,000 miles, but have proof of ring 
and valve job at 26,000. Looks and runs 
great. Must seet $4,00. Call 281 -3453 
or 697·3453. (11/9-11116) 

HOUSING 
Beautiful furnished room, board, for part-
time child care (boy, 8). Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481-61 15. (11/6-
16) 
Roommate wanted, 2 bd. 2 bath $200/ 
mo + uti, UTC, 558-6822_ (10130-11/ 
13) 
Roommate share 2 bed condo. Non-
smoker, furnished, cable TV, pool. $325. 
John 455·5829. (10/30-11/9) 
Roommate wanted, own master 
bedroom w/ balcony, 1 mile east of 
UCSD. Female, non-smoker, furnished, 
pool. $350/month and 1/3 utilities. 
Winter quarter only Call Mia 546·9829. 
(11/9-11/13) 
Roommate wanted, UTC area, own 
room and bath, female graduate student 
preferred, non-smoker. $405 month + 
112 uti!. 729-0165. (1119-11/13) 

PERSONALS 
Found wallet belonging to Iris Gonzales. 
Call Steven at 459-2989. (1119-11/13) 

Warren commuter breakfasts are backl 
Only 504: every Tuesday, 7:30 am . 
9:45 am Provost's office (10/23-11/9) 
SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC , 
DecembSr 9-161 Package includes 5-
day lift pass, transportation, deluxe 
lodging on the mountain, 2 dances, 2 
races, 2 picnics, broomball, thumper, 
many contests, refreshments and morel 
Tickets: $389 bus, $525 air, $298 
ground, on sale now at box officel (11/ 
6-20) 
CREATIVE CAFE AND COFFEE 
HOUSE where UCSD comes to dine, 
debate and relax in a beautiful non-
smOking atmosphere. (See our ad each 
Monday). (11/6-30) 
DIET CENTER at University City will 
teach you to shed those pounds and 
inches while you heighten your body's 
energy. At DIET CENTER you'll find 
some great people with a great plan. 
Feel good about yourself I Call 587· 
1775. (11/6-30) 
Sigma Chi Alpha - Friday night was a 
real BEACH. Lers do Rocky again soon. 
AOPi. (1119) 
Phi Delts - we're looking forward to A 
Shot in the Dark with youl KKG. (11/9) 
Hi Stacy, I met you and Kathleen at the 
beach on Sunday 1 115. I'd like to discuss 
our chemistry over dinner. Dave 453-
5499. (1119·11/13) 
Sammies, get ready to tee-off with Delta 
Gamma at the Caddy Shack golf course. 
(11/9) 
Speak to members 0' Congress & help 
save the deserll November 11 
Congressional field hearings and your 
involvement is crucial to the Desert 
Protection Act. You can make the 
difference I Call 299-1741 for 
information. 

The home of the 

Men's Soccer Travels to Minnesota 

UCSD in Regional Final 
By STEVE WEISMAN 
Contributing Writer 

Despile injuries and tough mid-
season losses that left the defend-
ing Division ill champion Tritons 
with an unspectacular 8-5-3 record 
less than three weeks ago, UCSD 
will travel to Minnesota this Sun-
day to face SI. John's College in 
second-round playoff action. 

The second-round benh and 
newly-found confidence come on 
the heels of a clutch 2- 1 ovenime 
win over Claremont on Sunday, a 
match Carrick Brewster c alled 
" emotionally our biggest game." 

Yet, the Tritons still have a 
rough road ahead - they need 
three more victories - if a repeat 
is in the making. They need to beat 
SI. John 's on their home field 10 
move into the final four the follow-
ing weekend. 

Mike Alberts, converted into a forward, converted two goals in 
Sunday's first-round regional win over Claremont. 

If anything, the I p.m. game-
time weather will probably be the 
coldest UCSD has played in since 
last year ' s playoffs. Though the 
Tritons will be wearing extrac1oth-
ing to combat the expectedmid-30 
degree temperatures, Scott Good-
man predicted the weather will be 
a factor, but not a deciding one. 

In addition to being used to the 
weather, SI. lohn' s holds a slight 
size advantage over the Tritons 
andmaintain what B rewster tagged 
" a hockey mentality. It' ll be a 
rough, physical game. II 

The Tritons, however, have little 

to complain about. They ' ll be play-
ing in a game many doubted they 
would get to three weeks ago. 

" We were down after San Ber-
nardino," Brian Bradbury said of 
the 3- 1 loss on October 20. " That 
was a pretty harsh loss, especially 
on our home ground." 

That defeat, coupled with a 2-1 
loss to Claremont the next week, 
left playoff hopes distant. 

The Tritons' trou bles have been 
intensified by injuries 10 three Slart-
ers. "[Head Coach Derek Ann-
strong] is doing a hell of a job with 
whathe'sdealingwith,"Goodman 

said . Along with Mike Kappes and 
Alex Savala, who have also suf-
fered injuries this year, Goodman 
has been out of action the entire 
season . 

UCSD will be looking for strong 
perfonmances from convened for-
ward Mike Albens and Chris 
Hanssen, who both played major 
roles against Claremont, and Craig 
Hyde who has filled in for Kappes. 

"Last year the team was solid," 
Goodman said, " but this year's 
teamgotthroughadversity. There's 
no reason why we shouldn' t win 
now." 

Weekend Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
lYha1 l\:&t 
Basketball (M) UCSD ALUMNI 
Basketball (W) UCSD ALUMNI 
Cross Country NCAA Regionals at Santa Cruz 
Fencing USC. CAL TECH. SDSU (JV) 
Soccer (M) NCAA West Regional at St John's (MN) 
8oc:cer (W) NCAA Nationals vs. PLYMOUTH ST. 
Swimming (M) Cal State Northridge 
SwimJDing (W) Cal State Northridge, Pepperdine at CSUN 
Volleyball (W) NCAA Regionals at La Verne 
Water Polo SANTA CLARA (WWPA) 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

IW:: 
Sunday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Sunday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Friday 
Friday 

~ 
2:00 p.m. 
2:00 a.m. 
11:00 a.m. 
t & 3 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
11:00 a.m. 
11:00 a.m. 
5:30 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 

49¢ halllburger. 
! j m U('VOIrI1Id!m 
-'- .. .l{/Oll. 

tA\'O",,"' 

UCSD 
SPECIAL 

7140 Miramar Rd, San Diego 
1.1.. ..... I!!!-----------------------ALL AMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ 

-52---' r-s-j---i 
Quarter Pounder · with Cheese, Medium Fry. 

Cash YOIUe: II 
1/ 20 01 1 cent II II limit one c ou n p e r II c usto mer. per visit . Please 

present coupon when II ordering No t va lid w ith II any other o ffer. 

~Goodthru ~ NOV~mber 30, 1989 
---

Medium-Size Soft Drink 
II 

, JUS t $1 99 :1 
(ptus tox) II 

On/yat: II 
71.0 MlrClmClf Id'@j Son Dfe90 

1237 P'roeped Iv\ .... 
laJoila ,-~ 

----------

OFF 
ANY 

LARGE 
PIZZA 

OFF l ;JJl l 
ANY 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FREE CAMPUS DELIVERY MEDIUM I 
TO YOUR DOOR I 

HRS: M-Th It.m-MID; F-s.t. PIZZA I 
It.m-I.m; Sun. It:JOam-MID I I 

887 J vrllo La Jolla Dr. 
SJ:S !'tUrf"', ~ Jail. La Jolla Village Squore I aJ:s Pluen.. ~ JoI.. I 

P/~Q ~ prtst'nf coupon 455-0662 I PI,OJ, prtJ'", toupon I 
.. 

~ Ittn o,dmng ...... I ~ hm ordw ng. .. 
--------._&..---~;;....;;;~....;;;.....;;;.....;;;..---..... ----------

" 

, 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 9, 1989 
------------------------------------------------------------

VENTURA COUNTY COM.MUNITY 
COLLEGE DISTRICT 
71 Day Road, Ventura, CA 93003 

(805) 654·6424 
Barbara A. Derryberry 

Chancellor 
Roland L. Glover 

Director, Affirmative Action 

Instructors Current Openings Closing Date 

Art 

English 
Ventura College Nov. 10, 1989 

Ventura College Nov. 10, 1989 
Special Education 

Adaptive P .E. or 
Hearing Impaired or 
Developmental and! 
or Learning, or 
SpeechiLanguage 
Disabilities 

Oxnard College Nov. 27, 1989 

Art History 

Psychology 

History (Semester) 
Anthropology 

Television· 
Communication 

Biology 

Moorpark College 

Moorpark College 

Moorpar k College 

Oxnard College 

Oxnard College 

Oxnard College 

Dec. I , 1989 

Dec. I, 1989 

Dec. 5, 1989 

Dec. 6,1989 

Dec. 6 , 1989 

Dec. 6, 1989 
" T/u V ... lura County CcmmuniJy Colltge District is an affirmalilit! action . equat 
optJOrluniJy tmpWytr and acli.,./} sttks the candidacy 0/ ",inoritUs and wo~n." 

Third World Stuaies 
presents 

a lecture by 
CHINWEIZU 
award-winning Nigerian poet 

and co-author of 
Toward the Decolonization of 

African Uterature 

Monday, November 13, 1989 
TCHB 142, 4:00 p.m. 

Co-sponsored by the 
Literature Department 

and 
Third College Provost 

G TheUCSD . DAB.I)IAN 
Advertising 
Positions 
now available at the Guardian 

The Guardian is looking for 
energetic,self-motivated, car-owning 
people for two paid positions: 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT 

ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 

Call 534-3467 ask for Mlc 

Cross Country Expects Top Finishes 

Running at Regionais 
By DAVID POTICHA 
Staff Writer 

Thanksgiving is still weeks 
away, but the UCSD cross country 
teams hope to enjoy their own feast 
this weekend at the regional meet 
in Santa Cruz. 

Facing competition from Divi· 
sion III western opponents, the 
Tritons hope to qualify both as a 
team and individually for national 
competition. 

UCSD enters the regional with 
the only nationally-ranked teams 
from the western region. The men 
currently hold the 20th slot, and 
the women are ranked 12th in the 
country. 

However, the women's team 
does not enter the regional tourney 
at full strength. Star runner Denise 
McFayden has been experiencing 
pain in her lower leg, and her train-
ing has been limited. Furthermore, 
the long downhill in the course at 
Santa Cruz will only worsen her 
leg condition, according to Head 
Coach Mark Stanforth. However, 
Stanforth remained optimistic 
aboutthewomen'steam'schances. 

"Michelle Conlay and Denise 
both could win outright, even fin-
ish one-two," he said. "Denise is 
bouncing back, and being ready 
for the run will depend on training 
and her response." 

Stanforth added that even with-
out McFayden, the women could 
qualify as a team for nationals . To 
qualify for the l4-team field at na-
tionals, the women must win the 
regionals outright. 

The men have a little better 
chance of qualifying, because the 
top two men's teams will be going 
to nationals, where there wiIJ be a 
field of 21 teams. 

Stanforth feels that the stiffest 
competition forrhe men will come 
from Claremont, whom the Tri-
tons have not yet faced. 

The men 's team, like the 
women's, has not lost to a Division 
III or NAIA opponent all year. 

However, Claremont walked away 
with its division, and should be 
tough competiton. 

Merrell Hora, one of the Tri-
tons' top runners, has knee prob-
lems and Stanforth said he is "a 
little bit iffy." 

If Hora is healthy, Stanforth 
feels the men's team "will be in 

good shape." 
He also thinks that runners Mike 

Fox and Roger Webb should both 
finish in the top three. which, if 
UCSD fails as a team to place in 
the top two spots, would qualify 
them individually for nationals. 

The meet will take place at 11 
a.m. on Saturday in Santa Cruz. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Michelle Conlay has helped the women's team put together its 
best year ever. The women are currently ranked 12th in the nation. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS' 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 value. First·time clients only.)* 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Eyebrows 
Upper Lip 

Chin 

Underarms 

Breast 

Stomach 

Bikini line 

Fingers 
legs 
Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 
• American Medical Association 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

558-0888 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

La Jolla Village 
Professional Center 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Vtlla La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 
• £xi);r" / 11231119 

Thursday, November 9, 1989 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

No Vetter, But Volleyball is Back in the Playoffs 
Without Rachel Vetter, it's been a tough climb back into the 

postseason for the women's volleyball team. But with some 
adjustments, Dannevik managed to get there again ... for the 

, 

eighth straight year. 
1\\ I \\1 I'\. "'\.I ! 1 

Rachel Vetter stood in the gym and watched her team-
mates on the Triton women's volleyball team as they tuned 
up for the regional playoffs. She just stood there and 
watched. Sometimes, she'd participate in a drill with the 
team, pass ing from the back of the court. But no setting. And 
cenainly no spiking. 

A few months after Vetter received the Most Valuable 
Player award in the Division III National Championship 
game in 1988, she began to feel pops in her right shoulder 
whenever she moved it. She tried to keep playing, but to no 
avail. 

Summer came, and Veller kept trying to hit, trying to 
play volleyball - but the pain wa n' t getting any better. 
After a while, it was far too much to bear. 

Rachel Vetter couldn't lift her ann above her shoulder. 
She knew she couldn ' t play volleyball, at least not in 1989. 

So when UCSD Head Coach Doug Dannevik phoned her 
over the summer to ask if she was ready for the season, he 
suddenly realized that repeating as National Champs - for 
a fourth straight year- wasn't going to be as easy as he had 
thought. 

"I hadn't heard from Rachel all summer," Dannevik 
recalled. "When I called her, I found out that she was hurt. 
It was her rotator cuff." 

The rotator cuff, located in each shoulder, is a vital 
component for arm movement. 

Vetter, however, wasn't as worried about letting Dan-
nevik know about her injury as she was about telling her 
other coach. 

"My father's been my coach since elementary school," 
she recalled. "It was really hard to·tell him that I couldn't 
play ... I've been playing competetively since sixth grade." 

Vetter's father took it in stride, even telling her to take it 
easy during the fall quarter. 

Dannevik, however, COUldn't take it easy. He had to 
make some changes in order to fill the void caused by 
Vetter's absence. 

"I had two choices," Dannevik explained. "I could either 
move players from other positions into Rachel's spot, or I 
could take a less skilled player and move her into the spot." 

Dannevik chose the first option, moving juniors Allison 
Hensleit and Becky Palmer out of their natural positions. He 
was hoping that some of the talent which had helped win a 
national championship would be flexible enough to fill the 
position. 

And then the Tritons began playing out of sync, looking 
quite different from the teams of past years. UCSD lost four 
in a row in early September, and was upset by little-known 
Incarnate Word College later that month. 

" It felt like someone was playing mind games with us," 
said Jenny Wellman, senior co-captain of the team. "We 

seemed to play well in practice, but 
then we'd just go out there and get 
beaten." 

"The mental aspect of the game is 
really important," Dannevik said. "And 
at that point, there was something 
wrong." 

The players knew it. Something 
was definitel y wrong. But exactl y what 
it was remained a mystery. 

After losing to Chapman College 
in four games and barely beating La 
Verne in five, Dannevik realized that 
something had to be done. So, at prac-
tice on Oct. 2, two days after their 
squeaker victory over La Verne, Dan-
nevik did something that most people 
wouldn't expect a coach to do: he told 
his players that he had been wrong. 

"I told them that the changes I had 
made weren't working. I told them 
that it wasn't their fault ... it was my 
responsibility." 

So Dannevik tried his second op- no 
tion. He moved Wellman into the spot 
once held by Vetter. 

"That was the turning point," said 
potential All-American Diana 
Klintworth, senior co-captain and the 
team leader in both kills and digs. 
"The attitude in practice changed a lot 
after Doug talked to us that day." 

Brlln Morris/Guardian 
Seniors Jenny Wellman (left) and Diana Klintworth have played a major 
part in getting the Tritons back into the NCAA Regionals. 

"Jenny may not have all of the physical tools that Rache! 
has, but she makes up for that with lots of intangibles. She's 
a team leader ... a captain. I felt really good about the team 
after I made the change," Dannevik recalled. "We seemed 
to playa lot better - in practice and in matches." 

And so the Tritons went out and won their next two 
matches. Everything seemed to be getting better- and then 
they ran into a buzzsaw. UCSD was swept in three straight 
matches - by William and Mary, UC Riverside, and Cal 
State Northridge. None of these schools compete on the 
Division III level. 

"Those three matches were guaranteed losses," Dan-
nevik said. "But it was too bad that we had them come up all 
in a row, two in the same weekend." 

Dannevik's philosophy has always been to plan a diffi-
cult schedule for his team. But while the Tritons have more 
losses than any other team in the Division III top ten, they're 
still ranked number one. UCSD's 5-7 record against Divi-
sion II squads did not go unnoticed. 

The problem was, all the good teams came charging at a 
Triton squad that was just beginning to try its new system. 

But then the changes began to work. The team began to 
win. The Tritons, who had at one point slipped to 
number three in Division III, regained the number 
one ranking. And a week ago, UCSD completed its 
reguljlf-season comeback in a four-game victory 
over second-ranked La Verne, the same squad 
which had pushed Dannevik into making a change 
earlier in the year. This weekend, the team will see 
ifit can continue its 

year than in previous years," she said. "In other years, we've 
had an easier time getting into the playoffs. But this year, 
we've really had to work hard at it." 

Doug Dannevik is taking his team back to the playoffs 
yet again. But it wasn't a cake walk. 

And Rachel Veller? She comes to practice twice a week, 
attends as many matches as she can, and works on her 
shoulder. 

"It was hard, not being able to lift my arm this high," she 
said, and then lifted it above shoulder level. She smiled a 
little. 

" It feels better than it's felt in a long time. I've been play-
ing constantly since I was a little kid, playing at the beach . 
.. I think I just overworked the arm." 

Vetter stood and watched as her teammates, laughing 
and enjoying themselves, played an unusual game of tag at 
the end of a practice last week. Klintworth, one of Vetter's 
teammates over the past two years, was among them. 

"It's too bad," Vetter said in a quiet tone. "Diana and I 
really played perfectly together. We'djust look at each other 
and ... instant communication. It·s too bad we weren't able 
to play together this year." 

But Vetter will be back-soon, she'll begin working on 
her upper arm mechanics, throwing a wiffle ball, then a 
tennis ball, then a football . .. and, finally, she'll get to hit 
a volleyball overhand again. 

"For a while, I was worried about hitting a volleyball 
[above the shoulder] again," Vetter said. "What would 
hitting a ball again feel like? But now, I think the thing that 

worries me the most is 
success in the six-
team West Re-
gional Champion-
ship • hosted by La 
Verne. 

"This team has 
just transfonned," 
sophomore Vikki 
Van Duyne said. 
"We've banded 

"I told them that the changes I had 
made weren't working. I told them 
that it wasn 't their fault...it .was my 
responsibility. " 

throwing that wiffle ball for 
the first time. It ')) be the first 
time I've thrown in a long 
time." 

Darrnevik, of course, saw 
the bright side of the whole 
situation. 

- Head Coach Doug Dannevik " We 've got Diana 
Klintworth this year, and 

together through the whole thing." 
"We're better than we've been all year," 

Klintworth added. "And we're ready for the re-
gionals." 

she's having a great year-
the whole team's having a great year. We're right where we 
want to be, going into the playoffs. And after thi we')] have 
Rachel for two more years." 

Although Rachel Vetter is part of the team's past and 
probably it future. it pre ent is without her. 

Guardian File Photo 

In last year's national tournament, Rachel Vetter earned MVP. 
The Tritons beat Illinois-Benedictine for their fifth title. 

For Klintworth, the playoff hold even more of 
an inducement. IfUCSD win the National Cham-
pionship, Klintworth will become the first volley-
ball player ar allY level to tart forfourcon ecutive 
national champions. She knows what it feels like to 
be on a winner. 

"It feel beller [to have made the playoffs] this 

The ups and down of this year' s women 's volleyball 
team seem to have been ironed out, and if Dannevik has 
taken the correct path, UCSD may ee it fourth traight 
championship and ixth in nine years. 

It won't be easy for UCSD to get through the playoffs-
but, then, it hasn't exactly been easy getting to them either. 



16 

Floor Hockey 
NOTES 

FLOOR HOCKEY PLAYOFFS will be 
coning up in the near luIure. The 
playoHs will slart on Tuesday Novem· 
ber 21 and will run through the last 
Sunday before school finals, Decem-
ber 3. We will be laking the top four 
teamsin 'AAA' and the lop three leams 
in 'M ' and 'A'. The playoffs will be 
single elinination in 'M ' and 'A' and 
doubleeininationin 'AM', The play· 
off brackets will be posted Thursday 
November 16th at Canyonview ••• 
Top scoring team in 1M Hockey is the 
Cal Rodger Rangers in Coed 'A'. They 
have scored 25 goals in 4 games for 
an overS goals a game, Rumor has it 
Getzkey made a couple of guests 
appearances ••• The 'We've got a 
sieve for a goalie award' goes to the 
team that has given up the most goals 
this season, Brad Miller's Team, They 
have the dubious destinction of giving 
up 25 goals in four games • •• The 
best defensive team belongs to the 
team TheSuile P's who have not given 
up a goal this season. Of course they 
only have played one game this year 
and won I'(). 

BudMan's 
Floor Hockey 

Ratings 
:rum BK.. 
MEN'S AAA 
I . NODICK, NOSWEAT 3'() 
2. MONGREL SPLEEN 3·1 
3. BOOBS OUT 2·2 
4. PUCKING DRABOS 1·2 

MEN'S AA 
1. THE BUTTLID IS BACK 34 
2. REEMED BY REGENTS 3-()'1 
3. FLOOR VIPER 3-1 
4. PUCK ED IN CORNER 2·()'2 
5. WAFFLE FACE 2·1 
6. ICH IBAN 2-1-1 

MEN'S A 
1. CAL RODGERS RANGERS 4'() 
2. THE PUCK STOPS HERE 3'() 
3. STICKS SCORE OFTEN 3-0 
4. HAl·BINS 3-0 
5. JUST PUCK OFF 3-0 
6. SAM & THE SUGARPIES 3-1 
7. LETS DO IT ON FLOOR 3-1 
8. LIVING A NIGHTMARE 3-1 
9. PHIL'S 6TH SEASON 3-1 
10. SHAFTED 241 

The U SD Guardian Thursday, November 9, 1989 

Intramural Flag Football Playoffs 
Intramurailiag loolball playoffs continue this weekend wilh Ihe qua~er·final games on Saturday and Ihe semi·final 

games on Sunday. We do have a major change to report to all teams and fans still involved with the playoffs. Due to 
the Ire~ndous showing by our ladies intercollegiate soccer team, all games are being moved from NCAA fields to 
Pryatel field located by the Warren apartments. The fields are in excellent shape. Some of the game times have had 
to change. II you have any questions make sure and contact Scott Bemdes in the Intramural office. 

This shouldn't in any way detract from some great match-ups coning up in all divisions this weekend. So leI's move 
on. These are the big games this weekend. 

ALL GAMES THIS WEEKEND WILL 8E PLA YED ON PRYATEL FlEW 
IfAA§ IJME LJIJE COMIlENTS 
MEN'S AM 
SAE vs.York Hunt CIOO Sun @ 4 SAE by 8 Could be SAE's year? 
Shookie vs Captain Fogcutters Sun @ 3 Shook by 2 Very close game here 
(NO TE: It is tlUS that DUfTJJSter or Herd means 'CHOKE'!!!!!! Pay up dudes!!) 
MEN'S AA 
Bushman vs. Cutting Edge Sat@1 Bush by 13 Bush looks unbeatable 
Tin Cup & A Monkey vs. Big At's Soldiers Sat@12 AJ's by 20 Tin Ci.4l who? 
Powerhouse vs. Headboard Bangers Sat@ 12 Power by 15 Power wiN be in final 
Rightwing Death Squad vs. Aerobile Motile Sat@1 Motile by 7 Could be ugly 

MEN'S A 
Buster Hymen vs. AnaIBi~ Sat@9 Hymen by 25 AAA team two year ago 
Spartans vs. 4th String Sat@ 10 4th by 6 High scoring game here 
The D·Go's vs. Rob's Whipped Sat@9 O-Go's by 1 D·Go's in a ~et 
Premature Legends vs. Get A Grip Sat@10 Grip by 20 Come on Chris, 'A'? 
COEDAA 
Uberace's Deep Threat vs. Went For 2 Sat@ 2 Uberby 50 Could be more 
We Go Deep & Long vs. ij Happens Sat@3 ij by35 'It' win roll tiN Sun 
Team RAT. vs. Torrey's Club Sat@2 Clubby 24 Final bound? 
Cutting Edge vs. The Balehin Gang Sat@3 Balehin by 16 Zip ikes you guys 

COEOA 
You Can't Rush Genius vs. The Non-Elgibles Sat@ 11 Rush by FF Better bring flee Cards 
Disco Noids vs. Illegal Use 01 Hands Sat@11 Hands by 40 Disco's out 
UAin' N::t vs. Wanm Posicles Sat@4 U by 20 Posicles wiN me~ 
FIacid Cows t Harder vs. The Injured Reserved Sat@4 Cows by 8 Cows wifl get up 
WOMEN 
Get Wet & Slay T '9ht 'il'. Flag This Sun@2 Tight by 52 Closer than last game 
FUp Flop vs. Too Black & Too Strong Sun@4 Flop by 13 Too Black's down & ? 

Wilson, Silver, and Ren are 1M Tennis ChampsI All-Campus Badminton Singles 
Tournament Slated/or Sat. Nov. 18 On the surface. Wilson, Silver, but the results were similar as 

and Ren sounds like an estab- Josh Silver hacked his way past 
lished attorney's office in La Jolla five straight opponents, In the 
Shores, but for some 90 plus final against a game and coura· 
tennis players at UCSD this past geous, Mike Lee, Silver's steady 
weekend, those names had a strokes prevailed in a 6·1,1·6,7· 
more ominous ring to it. 6 (7-2) thriller. 

Wrthprecision-likequality, Jim Lee fought off cramps in the 
Wilson, Josh Silver and Qing Ying third and final set, but couldn't pull 
Ren blitzed through the AII·Cam· out any Michael Chang·like magic 
pus Tennis Singles Champion· and finally succumbed, (Ed, 
ships this past weekend with a note,,,.next time. Mike ... move up 
flair for the undramatic, In the to the service line on Josh's serve 
end they were all crowned cham· 
pions in their respectivedlvisions. 

and see what happens), 
The Women's Open Division 

was aclinic in Far Eastem tennis, 
Qing Ying Ren. a Chinese resi· 
dent living at UCSD, blitzed 
through a deep draw of 16women 
players, showi ng plenty of strokes 
and ability. Her 6·2, 6-0 rout of 
Amy Ning in the finals, however, 
was a xerox copy 01 her four pre-
vious matches. 
In Ren's 50 tournament games, 
she won 44 and lost only six, 

Third College freshman Jim 
Wilson was perhaps the most 
impressive winner as he anni l· 
hated the 44 player Men's Open 
Division with seven consecutive 
victories none of which was close. 
Wilson's 6-0, 6·0 thrashing of fi-
nalist Brett Unzer in the finals 
was truly indicative of his domi· 
nance through out. 

All-Campus Tennis Tournament 

Only semi·finalist Emil Un, who 
lost 6·2, 6·2 early Sunday after· 
noon, managed to put any kind of 
pressure on Wilson. 

In the Men's Intermediate, the 
action was more hotly contested, 

RESULTS 
Men '. Open Men '. 'nterrnedilrte Women ', Open 

1 Jim Wilton 1 Josh Sliver 1 Q.Y. Ren 

2 Brett Unzer 2 Mike Lee 2 Amy Nine 

3 Emil Un 3 Jim McMllller 3 lyn NCo 

John Moon Rachel MHblandt 

5 V. Schulrnlyer 

Cllvln ly 

The sport of lledmlnton '- too often ..... thouIfd of. I .... 
competitive ..... ,..,... In the bltck)1II'II1It the 4th of July ........ 
Q, No doubt It All be, but It ..... I sport thet All be ,.,. In 
I ,....." competItM ... vIrotoment .... ~ .. the skill thet 
you would ... 011 tile .... court, ..... INI. field or beeMtbeII 
court. TIle IIttIIeIM thet ...., U* .... lit the top 1e¥81 _ • 
.....".... .. .., '" ... In the Iporta ,..., or on TV. TIle 
media .u.ntIon II- to ..... 1nton wli never rtveI .,_Iollal 
1POI'b, but U- who ...., kMW how demendInI thIe eport All 
be. 

At UCID the .pott of badminton .... ..-.. In popuIIIrtty like 
few otIIerI. The SprInc Intramural ........ _ ....,. oftr· 
crowded, the Badminton Club '- Inc-.cIIn _ ......... the 
open om time fur badminton ....,. dr8WI cepIC/ty crowds. It 
.. eIIoIIt time _ ... duII.d this paplI...., with .. AJI.Cempua t_,.1t. .... s.t.dey Nov. 11 tile 1M deperIment .. host 
the .................. CllMlpla ....... The t--.nt Is open 
to .. UCSD I"t I Ibi, fIIcutty ....... . 

Theta wi! be dIvIeIone for wery 1ldl1e¥8I. A ........ open elM-
eIon will allow .. '0 find the bee. male pleJer It UCID. A men'. 
IntennedIete dIYIeIon for U- who heft ,..vIouI.xperlettee but 
._., quite ,..., for tile '* IeICUM ,.t II on.n tile _t com-
petIthe cIYIIIon. Thefe w. Il1o be I IKrutIoneI cIIYIIIon for 
U- who heft little or 110 .xperlence end would like 811 Intto-
ductIon to the .pott. TIle _ will eIeo heft I chIMe to 

~ the" .kIIls In Open, Int8rmedIat8, .... reclMtionel 
divisions, 

The .vent will take ...- ell dey In the main om, The 1M 
Dept. win provide ell tile nee ... ..., lqulpment" JOU cIon't heft 
your own. There will be prizes for tile W"IS .... refruhmente 
for all pertIcIpenta. For fuftller information end to elp-up come 
down to C .. yonvlew. SieHIPa wll be tMen until Nov. 16. 
There will be no che". to pley In thII IneUCUrel ......... tile 

tou~ fonnet will ........... every pIe,.r It lI.t two 
matct.s. ThIs II your em.- to ,.t Involftd In tIIII ntpkIIy 
,rowlnc 'IIOrt end liiio I chlnce to pt I .,.et workout. 

The Bud Page is a paid advertising featuffl (or Coast Disfribufng CofTJJBny. 

arts entertainment 

Jeff Prescott, amidst KGB's humorous "art decore." 

Battling for ratings and revenue, morning radio disc 
jockeys constantly look for something outrageous to 
grab the public's attention. KGB FM's Berger, Prescott 
and ChainsBware one of these teams that fill the air-
waves with ... Cookie "Chainsaw· Randolph displays the rigid attitudes 

prevalent throughout the radio industry, 

Early Morning Madnessl 
"Good morning, KGB FM. Who's this?" 
"Hi, this is Sharon." 
"Hi Sharon, you are caller number ten." 
"Oh my ... I've been trying for so long to win, I can't believe 

it!" 
"Well, you did it babe. Where are you calling from?" 
"I'm calling from work ... but what the heck." 
"Alright. Well congratulations. One question for you Sharon. 

Do you LOOOOOVE that money?" 

Chances are that many people have listened to similar 
conversations blaring from their alarm clocks in the earlier 
morning hours. The gimmicks and outrageous pranks, tradi-
tional rating hooks for the "breakfast" radio ratings, are inef-

fective if the show's disc jockeys do not have the personality 
to serve as a basis. This story, the first in a three-part series, 
will look at the person behind the voice : the morning disc 
jockeys in the San Diego area. 

Disc jockeys, otherwise known as "deejays" and "jocks," 
are usually solitary figures. Late at night, there will be a Single 
voice backlisting the previously-played songs. In the morn-
ing, the key concept is team work, "It's fun working with other 
people," Michael Berger explained in a recent interview. 
"That's something you don't get working the other shifts of the 
day, because you 're basically in [the studio] by yourself. " 

Berger, one-third of KGB's morning team entitled Berger, 
Prescott and Chainsaw, fulfills the role of primary disc jockey 
and host during the four hour show. Jeff Prescott, the news 

director and self-entitled "second banana," along 
with Cookie "Chainsaw" Randolph, the sports 
connection, round out the trio. 

Although this particular lineup has been to-
gether for about three years, each member has 
worked with KGB for much longer: Prescott has 
been with the station for 14 years, Berger for 
over 9 years and Randolph for 4 years. 

"I was always in the morning here [at KGB] 
since 1975," Prescott said, reflecting on the ori-
gins of the group. "Mike was at mid-day, so we 
decided to change the show a little bit. And then 
we got 'Chainsaw' from Pi10enix to fill out the 
third guy." See KGB, page 8 

Story by Patricia Jettle 
Hiatus Editor 

Photos by Gall Johnson 
Associate Photo Editor 

NOVEMBER 9, 1989 



Mira Me.a Iclward. Thealers 
566·1917 

Second Sight Look Who's Talking 
The Bear Dads 

U.lv .... 1ty ToWli. Centre 6 
452·7766 
Call theater 

for movie titles 

La .Iolla VIII... Th.aten 
453·7831 

The Fabulous Baker Boys Gross Anatomy 
Staying Together Crimes and Misdemeanors 

An Innocent Man 

K.n Cin ... --283-5909 
Nov. 9: Chinatown/Five Easy Pieces 
Guild "' ...... --295-2000 
Currentlv showmg: The little Theif 

Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Rocky Horror Picture Show 

Over-21 
L)I:I~~1 

Party 
Games 

Acey-Deucey: Boot Factor 4 
Acey-Deucey is a typical beer game: moronically easy and a 

whole lot of fun. All you need is a deck of cards, beers and some 
thirsty players. 

To begin, the dealer gives each player two cards, face-up. 
The player then bets one, twO, or three shots of beer against the 
dealer that the third card will be in between the first two. 

For instance, if the player has a three and a seven, he would 
have to draw a four, five, or six to win. Since the odds of doing this 
are not great, he would probably only bet one or two shots. If the 
player wins, the dealer must immediately do the shots. If the player 
loses, he drinks. Needless to say, a contestant only deals if he is 
really thirsty. 

It must be noted that the first player decides whether aces are 
high or low. His decision dictates the status of the ace for the rest 
of the round . Also, if two successive cards are dealt (e.g., a six and 
a seven) , the player must drink a shot. 

Party Safe " Don't Drink and Drive 
e Guardian does nor condone the consumption of alcohol by minors. 
Repnmed with permission from The Complete Book of Beer Drinking Games b 

Ben Rand. Andy Griscom and Scott Johnston. Copyright c 1989. Available at local 
bookstores or from Muscang Publish.:.g. PO Box 9327. New Haven, cr 06533 ($5.95 
plus $ 1.50 postage). 

NOW OPEN! 
I: ,~t' 11 1~l' 1;1 J: litd # ,1I·a 

~********************~ 4150 REGENTS PARK ROW 
(Norah of Anahony's and Penguln's in Reg<nu Medical Centre) 

Featuring 24 Varieties of Fresh~Baked Bagels 
ALL NATURAL . NO PRE ERVATIVES 

Breakfast • Deli sandWiches • Cream Cheese Spreads 

OPEN 7 DAYS Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m., Sat.-Sun. 7:30 a.m. 

587 .. 1136 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: WOULD : 
: YOU : 
• • 
• LIKE TO • 
• • 
• MEET THE • 
• • 
• ALARM? • 
• • 
• • • The winner of this contest will get to meet the Alann on August 17 and • 
• receive a copy of their new CD Chgnge. Four runners-up will receive a copy • 
• of the CD. To win, all you have to do is answer these questions, cut this out. 
• and turn in the slip to the GUlJrtiign no later than Tues. Nov. 14, at noon .• 
• The GUlJrilign is located upstairs at the old student center building" A." The : 
: winners will be choosen by a random draw of the correctly answered fonns. • 

: 1) What is the name of the ~arm's drummer (including first name)? : 
• • • 2 ) What is the full name (not the acronym) of the Alarm's record company? • 
• • • 3) What is the name of the Alarm's first full Lp? • 
• • 
• 4) At what school did the Alarm's 1986 M1V concert take place? • 
• • 
• 5) From what country is the Alarm? • 
• • 
• • 
• N~E • 
• • 
• PHONE NUMBER • 

• • 
• ADDRESS • 

• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor Senior Staff Writer 
Patricia Jettie Christi na Huizar 

Associate Hiatus Editor Staff Writers 
Nancy Muntner Laura Baker 

Mike Berta 
Music Editor Scott Casmer 

Bryan Dias Eric Gustafsen 
Melinda Hamilton 

Editorial Assistant Josh Odintz 
Lara Heisler Jean Suzuki 

Jennifer Yancey Audrey Lyn Winterer 

Every Monday Night! 
Monday Night Football 

Price Center Gameroom, 6 p.m. 
T.V. Lounge (46"Sony) 

Guess the score and Win a 
Compact disc 

Sponsored by 

Assorted Vinyl 
your complete music store 

Interns 
Caroline Altman 

Ramine Bahrambegi 
Wende Bischoff 
Walter R. Bitts 
James Dallow 

Pierre de Gailande 
JoceIiza Gonzaga 

Kevin Hultquist 
Lara Heisler 

Marie Pastemak 
Michael Schwartz 
Jennifer Yancey 

2 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1 989 

theatre 
Soviet Performance Art 

At Sushi 
By Christina Huizar 

Hiatus Senior Staff Writer 

Crouched in a fetal position, 
she kneels on the hard wood floor. 
Bones like daggers protrude 
through her small frame, 
covered only by a thin layer 
of flesh . Long black hair 
covers her face and spi lis mto 
the bucket of water before 
her. Little beads of moisture 
run down her pine as she 
lowly m ves into an erect 

posirion. 
Another figure surfaces 

from a corner of the rOOlll, 
clutching a l:-ucket of white 
wall paint protectively close 
to hiS chest . One by one, the 
memhers of Dcrevo emerge 
onto the stage. Each, lost in 
a world of their own, move 
about in peculIar and un-
u ual ways, utilizing the 
entire "space." 

Derevo, translated as 
"tree" m Ru ian, is a nine-
member, Soviet-based perform-
ance art ensemble. Their piece, 
entitled "Red Zone, White Zone," 
premiered in the U.S. at the Sushi 
Inc . Gallery November 2-5. 

T h e Leningrad performance 
group avoids the words theater, 
actor and acting; rather, they re-
gard their work as an awareness of 
a person's existence. There has 

A scene from Derevo performance 
been much confusion as to what to 
call this art form. Critics and press 
toy with the words "Silent Thea-
ter", "New Dance", "Post-Modem 
Dance", Soviet butch and various 

other stabs in the dark. To see for 
oneself is really the only way to 
attempt to understand . 

The members of Derevo be-
lieve that man holds his head 
down . They also believe in the 
importance of th e crawling of an 
infant, the beginning of a move-
ment, the beginning of a sound, 
immobility and the equilibrium of 
a sleepwalker. 

At one particular climactic 
moment of chaos, a member of the 
group walks solemnly onto the 
stage and places a folding chair in 

front of him. He then pro-
ceeds to sit in the chair but 
immediately slides off, as if 
both he and the chair are 
covered withoil and unable 
to stick. He grapple with 
the chair, gaming momen-
tum, attempting to situate 
hnnself. This partlcular per-
former, singled out, appears 
almost comical m tone. In 
context With the other per-
formers moving about the 
same space in a cha tiC 
manner, a more serious tone 
controls the piece as a whole. 

The group believes that 
we live in a permanent state 
of war with the world which 
gives birth to us and that we 
are losing this war every mo-
ment: 

People live a short and 
brutal life; and there are people 
who have found peace and who 
lead beautiful and eternal lives, 
but their voices are quiet. 

See DEREVO, page 6 

A New Twist 
To An Old Tale 

By Melinda Hamilton 
Hiatus Staffwriter 

The Lamb's Players Theater in National City is presenting a pro-
duction of "Joseph a e Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" by 
Andrew Lloyd W Rice. 

~~'_I;9It#.~tuall y. 
.... ~l!I(hy its first run from Oct. 6 

through show is doing a second 'In 
from Jan. 0-21. 

Lamb'. Players hu aken an extremely well-written show and 
made it in anexcellen prQduction, presenting it wi th lots of energy 
and enthusialln.. 

The musical, an wo rk of Rice and Webber, the Bibli-
cal story of Joseph, u ing a wide range of musical tyles ranging from 
country-welotern to calypso to French ballad. Elvis even makes an 
appearance ru; Pharaoh, the iCing. The cast's addition of two rap ngs 
fits in perfectly with all the other musical styles. 

The story ~tarts by intr dueing Jacob, Joseph's father, and hi 
twelve sons. Jacob giv'esJoseph a beautiful multicolored coat because 
Joseph is his favortte so , making the other eleven jealous. Joseph 
worsens the situation by telling his broth r about his dreams, where 
he imagines that someday he Will be In a p iuon of power above 
them. They plot to kill him but sell him to lave traders Instead. 

Joseph is later re ld to a nch Egyptian who wife tries to seduce 
him and lands him In jail when he refuses. A scene in which she 
lowly rips off hb jacket ptece by piece, whtle he rands there 

dumbfounded, is one of the funniest m the producrion. However, 
many other humorous scenes follow. 

Liberally sprinkled With comic t uches, "Jo eph" exploded With 
the energy of the Lamb's Players. Since the stage was very small and 
the adience is seated all the way around It, th Calot was constantly 
moving so their backs never face the audi nce for more rhan a few 
seconds. 

There were also no bad seats in the house because there were only 
four rows all the way around the stage. The audience couldn't help 

See JOSEPH, page 6 

3 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1989 



Neil Young 
Freedom 
Reprise Records 

When Neil Young was with 
Cro by, tills,andNash,hewasan 
incredibly gifted anist witha bright 
future . Now that he has fulfilled 
his dreams, Young has put out an 
album which proves that his glory 
days are over. There are some bright 
pots, but the overall composition 

lacks the spark of genius found in 
his previous works. 

Many sixties artists have made 
great revivals, from Bob Dylan to 
the Rolling Stones, and theirmusic 

contains the flow of the body of 
their previous work with touches 
of originality. What Young's Free-
dom is missing is that originality. 

Themajorityofthesongssound 
similar, and there is a general lack 
of creativity in the actual music. 
The lyncs, as always, are deep, 
inSightful and honest. But without 
the normal intensity, Young's 
messages are lost. 

But there are some high points 
on the album. Linda Ronstadt's 
duet with Young on "Hangin' On 
A Limb" and a few blistering sax 
and guitar solos make a few of the 
songs bearable. Ronstadt outshines 
Young' voice on the duet primar-
ily because his voice is no longer 
able to hit the high notes. 

Bybasinghisalbumon hlsrrade-
mark sixties sound, Young is able 
to integrate the modernism of the 
eighties to tum out a few good 
tunes. The best track is "Don't 

Cry," a throwback to the day f 
innocence and love. The beauty of 
the song IS found In its scorching 
guitar solo which is similar tothat 
of David Gilmour's from "The 
Wall." The lyrics capture Young's 
experiences of love and relation-
ships: "Your di appointed eye I 
Are haunting me like big lies/! ee 
you glaring now II see you staring 
into the fire ." 

Young' cover of "On Broad-
way" is better than the rest of his 
original work. The song embodit'.s 
a true feel for the sixties, and 
Young's voice even sounds like 
Grace lick's. Actually, it's pos-
sible for listeners to think that 
they are listening to a Jefferson 
Airplane album. 

Other tracks, such as "Cri me In 
the City (Sixty to Zero Part I)" and 
"Eldorado," are masterpieces in 
word bur lack d'i! strong music to 
make these songs believable. Pon-
cho Villa's acoustic work on the 
latter song is wasted effort for such 
a good artist. 

For those who want a new 
approach toNeil Young, Caroline 
Records has released a collection 

ufYoung's songs titled The Bridge: 
A Tribute to Neil Young. Many 
establi hed underground groups, 
from the Pixies to Soul Asylum, 
cover Young's best and most popu-
lar songs. This i a better buy and 
will probably satisfy more people. 

Young's Freedom is adisappoint· 
ing effort after his triumphant 
album from last year, This Nocc's 
For You. He has once again lost his 
folk crown to Bob Dylan, whose 
Oh Mercy is a brilliant master-
piece. Don't even bother making a 
comparison. 

- Josh Odintz 
Hiatus Staff Writer 

Sloan-Kettering Institute 
Cornell University Graduate School 

of Medical Sciences 
Graduate Program in Molecular Biology 

The joint program of graduate studies leading to the Ph. D. degree in molecular biology of the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and the 
Cornell University Graduate School of Medical Sciences offers a unique and challenging opportunity for students whose goal is to be in the 
forefront of modern molecular biology. The faculty offers graduate research training in a variety of systems, including bacteria, yeast, drosophila, 
mammalian cells, and the mouse, on DNA replication and recombination, regulation of RNA synthesis and processing, receptors and their role in 
cell function and differentiation, and retroviruses, oncogenes, and development. In addition to developing their own research project, students are 
provided with formal training through a core curriculum, advanced courses and journal clubs. The adjacent campuses of the Sloan Kettering 
Institute, Cornell University Medical College, and the Rockefeller UniverSity form an outstanding scientific, medical, educational and social 
community A wide variety of seminars and symposia are scheduled at all three institutions throughout the year that bring many eminent 
SCientists from all over the world into the lecture hall. Such distingUished series as the Harvey Lectures and the Enzyme Club are a regular part 
of our scientific community. 

Ballinger, Dennis · molecular genetics of Drosophila eye 
developmer 
Barany, Francis - moleCUlar mechanisms of gene transfer In eu~ar­
yotlc :;p ') and protein engmeermg. 
Berns, Kenneth - molec~ ar biology of adena-associated v 'us 
replication 
Besmer, Peter rro ecu b \) ogy of s gnal trars(f~ to' d d c 

ac et' _ 
o M .. har 

Hayward William 
v v ra tumoflg roes w 

Holloman, William mech" ~rPS 01 recomblnat on r lower 
eukaryotes. 
Hurwitz, Jerard enz)'matlc mechanisms of 0 A replication and RNA 
splicmg m eukaryotlc cells. 
Jack, Joseph -genetics and molecular biology of cell type determma· 
tlon In Drosophila me/anogaster. 

Krug, Robert - control of synthesis processing and translation of viral 
and eukaryotlc mRNAs. 
Lacy, Elizabeth - molecular and genetic mechanisms of mammalian 
development In transgenic mice. 
Lustig, Arthur - replication and stability of chromosomal telomeres In 
t~,e yeas Saccharomyces cerevlsiae. 
Lusky, Monika • '1lolecula~ mechanisms and genetics of bovine papil-
loma v ruS replicatJon a model system for chromosomal replicatIOn n 
higher eukaryotlc cells. 
Marians Kenneth contro ana enzY'1lallC mechanisms of 0 A repli-

01 topo somerases 
vacu 1 'r type protc~ A "'Pases 

Ros 
d 

Sheff ry 'I, ::ha tJon~~lI;> b~tI~ 'er ch.omatln structure, 
I r- n d xpress on of dlfferenlJatlon-speclhc genes 
ShUMan Stewart biochemical and genetic.; aspects of traflswptlonal 
control USI'Ig vaccma VIrUS as a model system. 
Traktman, Paula molecular genetics 01 vaCCinia virus, Viral DNA 
replication. 

THE SCHOOL oilers a centra metropoli:ar locatio" o~ the East Side of Manhatta N ere accesslouity to the cultural resources 01 the city IS extraordinary Every 
student IS prOVided With subsidized hOUSing wlth,r a few minutes walk from campi.ls In addition to subSidized hOUSing all PhD. candidates rece've a stipend of 
$12700 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATIOt~ or materials about the Graduate Prograrr In Molecular Biology, pi ase re~pond to Ms LI~da Srnlth/MoI90' Sloan Kettering 
Institute-Cornell University Graduate Scllool of Medical SCiences, 1275 Yorl Ave Box 150 New Yor" New Yorio: 10021 2t2,(;39·7655. 
MSKCC IS committed to equal opportunity through affirmatIVe actIon and therefore members of mmonty groups are encouraged to apply. 

4 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1989 ' 

Now, you may have read Rolling 
Srone's "Top 100 albums of the 
80' " Ii t in their recent issue. If 
you have, you may have noticed 
that Bob Dylan's new album Oh 
Mercy is number forty four . You 
may be asking yourself, "How can 
an a lbum that was only released a 
few weeks ago be in that list, is it 
that good?" The answer is yes. 

Dylan's new album is outstand-
ing. In fact, I feel it is one of his 
best albums ever. From start to 
finish it is a quality job, reminis-
cent of the best Dylan work ever 
done. 

The album first side contains 
more of the rock numbers, remind-
ing the listeners of some f his 
biggest and best like "Rainy Day 
Women #12 and#3S ." The be tof 
these is probably the first cut, 
"Political World," a great, upbeat 
song that kicks off the album per-
fectly . 

The flip side of the Lp contains 
the mellower side of Dylan, it 
contains some of the best slow 
Dylan songs I've ever heard. Much 
of this side is reminiscent of tunes 

See Dylan, page 5 

The UCSD GUARDIAN 
Newspaper needs an 

ADVERTISING 
ASSISTANT 

and one 

ADVERTISING 
ACCOUNT 

EXECUTIVE 

please contact 
Mlcha I Foulks In 

the Guardian 
Buslne s Office 

at: 

534-3467 

paid positions 

Dylan 
Continued from page 4 
such as "Lay Lady Lay." With its 
simple yet beautiful harmonies, the 
second side of the album is master-
fu I to say the least. 

The whole album, which is 
produced by Daniel Lanois, is a 
perfect mesh of the simple, rougher 
edged Dylan sound blended with 
beautiful harmony. The album 
leaves little question in my mind 
that it deserves its place in rock n' 
roll history. 

If you are a Bob Dylan fan, you 
probably have this record already. 
If you're nor, I suggest that you buy 
it because you will discover why 
Dylan is, arguably, the most influ-
ential artist in the rock era. In fact, 
he had quite a profound effect on 
a little group named the Beatles, 
JUSt take a listen to Rubber Soul. 
After you do that take a listen to 
Oh Mercy, you won't be disap-
pointed. 

Tracy Chapman 
Crossroads 
Elektra Records 

-Bryan Dias 
Music Editor 

On her first outing, Tracy 
Chapman captured the heart of 
America with an album which 
made listeners take a hard look at 
the problems of the world. Once 
again, Chapman has constructed a 
hard-hitting album thatcontinues 
to question modem society and its 
actions. 

Crossroads docs not contain an 
instant hit like "Fast Car. "Instead, 
Chapman concentrates on consis-
tency and the power of hard-hit-
ting lyrics. The only problem she 
faces on CrosST(xuls is the lack of 
significant musical advancement. 

It appears initially as if 
Crossrcxu.Ls is the flip side of her 
first album. Chapman uses the 
same style of folk-flavored rock; 
she hasn't advanced the style to 
challenge her audience musically. 
This is good if the audience is 
looking for more of the same, but 
some listeners will be somewhat 
disappointed. 

Those who are willing to ignore 
the lack of change will find a rich 
collection of songs which glorify 
Chapman's ability as a first rate 
musician. She hasn't sold out to 
create a guaranteed hit single; 
instead, her audience receives an 
album that is more honest than 
herfirst, and this makes Crossroads 
a more enjoyable and rewarding 
album. 

A few songs shine above the 
rest. "Freedom Now," dedicated to 
Nelson Mandela, is the most me-
lodic and is destined to become a 
concert sing-along. "Material 
World" uses powerfu I lyriCS to make 

a POlllt about the greed of the 
1980s: "You in your fancy I Mate-
rial world I Create in your own 
image I A supreme god I Your. 
virgin mary I Your holy ghosts I 
Claimed to be pure of heart I Have 
hands that are stained with blood." 

Chapman is able to assume a 
role and create a persona which 
faces real problems, and she is most 
successful in creating a homeless 
person in "Subcity": "Here in 
subcity life is hard I We can't re-
ceive any government relief I I'd 
like to give Mr. President my 
honest regards I For disregarding 
me. " 

The rest of the songs contain 
powerful visions of dreams failed 
and promises unkept. These songs 
are the meat of the album and gi ve 
Chapman a chance to prove her 
power as a musician. 

Again Chapman fuses various 
instruments to create her trade-
mark sound. Neil Young and G.E. 
Smith ("Saturday Night Live") 
provide excellent guitar backup. 
Violinists Scarlet Riviera and 
Charlie Bisharat add a beautiful 
classical sound which creates a 
more serious and honest sound. 

T racy Chapman has once again 
proven that she is the folk queen of 
the late 1980s. Crossroads is a great 
album, and its only setback is in 
the lack of musical advancement. 
If Chapman doesn't mature on her 
next offering, her fast car could 
crash. 

-Josh Odintz 
Hiatus Staff Writer 

Sec ALBUMS, page 7 

"You'u LAUGH AND YOU'LL CRY. 
JACK LEMMON Is SHEER BRILLIANCE, 
Ted Danson has never been better and Olympia Dukakis outdoes her role in 'Moonstruck!" 

"FILLED WITH LIFE AND JOY, 4DAD' IS A VERY RARE F1LM. 
A (ol'ering achie~emen( for Jack Lemmon!' - Rt. Rt<d. AT 1 IIf Mo\lr~ 

'"APPLAUS FOR 'DAD; 
II'. original, mming, willy and (ruthful:' 
Jlaphrk HI\h, \\()\I" "4(, Vl'~ 

"JACK LEM\10N A~D OLYMPIA 
DtrKAKlSARI EN . ONAL 
These 31'1' lI'u (If the be\1 perrun . 
of Ih~ ).ar;· 
I ,\.iii "-Mhn. Bt '" ')itl 

lACK LEMMON I TED DANSON 
is th(' li!'St on(' 

1\\&J~ L\TIIIT~\l\1 '\ . 
I ~~. m\l~ w~m~ PlV ~mWl~~rKW~ "tw)" ~~11ll&IKL~ ml~ ~ffi1' \1: rnt~\R\m !J~\~~~R\IR 

'. ':~IDEWltllim~ rnA\ \l~~ ~~rulil\[\\illI ~ nnlUl~\l~.~ 'ill~ lffi~~~ITR\ t\ G~RI~\mmlmt~ 
~;':M.~I: ~?~~~~I!,,,. :~~:.I:~~. ~ .I n 'G\Rim\l~(;()Im~ ~ ':::E =_~. Jl~I~~m~ 
OPE S FRIDAY AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 

THE NEWEST MARVEL® COMICS JUST CAME IN AT: 

The Comic Gallery 
44U IaIboa Ave_ 675-1 N_ IroadWay 

San DIego, CA 92117 Escondido, CA 92025 
COINf oIlaIboa • aanmont Dr. country eon- Shopplllg c.nter 

-Next to Lucky Market- Iroadway a WOlhIngton 
(619)483-4853 (619)745-5660 

TM & CI 1_"""'" E".."..",.. Inc. AI 

Recycle. 
There are on-campus bins for newspapers, 
bottles, and aluminum cans_ Use them_ 

lomB' ftittlftOS \ ~\tlitl 

english majors. 
'the rnigh'ty lemon drops 

laugh'ter 

a brand ne\N collection of songs 
from the british group that's 
~ .. r.rla(jle a major impact on college radio. 

the song " into the heart of love" 

On Sale Now! 
11. .99 

Compact Disc lP/Cass 
" d .dle C. ~ t ~ .nd R cor s 

"t' C HlR!f SlfO Rf oro,) nmpn v B . 
Sale End. Nov. 141h 

lOWiR RiCORBS \ V\D£O 
EL CAJON SPORTS ARENA 

796 Fletcher Parkway 3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 
across from Parilway Plaza VIOEO 

O ... H to AM TO to "M 3393 Kemper SI. 
,..=.">-- MUSIC VIDEOS 71OC~~ VIOEO SALiS " RENTAlS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd 

next to Art Sl Po I 00. 

-..... 

OPEN 9_ TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A HAil 

5 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1989 



ViE S 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUT 
by Christina and Mark 

Women $17 (reg. 25) 
Men $14 (reg . $/9) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & Haircu/ or 
Highlighl & Haire UI $50 

£'pir<s II il6189 TRIM & TAN 

--------------------LOSE 6" GUARANTEED £XpimIl1l6/89 
European Body Wrap $48 (reg. $98) 

Plus a free $20 jar of fa cial sea clay 
, 01 a Icmporary waler loss · Reduce cellu lilc • No exercisc or diels 

--------------------
For 0PP0lntnl/-", "It-a .. ,. 101/ 457·2930. 89.S0 Villa Lo Jolla Dr., 

Sit. 2110, 10 Jolla (1)1'1rmJ £1 lomo J",.,·tfl arross ramp.) 
TRIM & TAN 3251 Holiday CI. #204 above SI. Germain's 455·0909 

• College 697·2122 TAN' Pacific Beach 581 ·9060 

51)] 1.\00 FOR CATALOO ro 
1lEFL:\llW wrm ~M.1 C!l!)ER, 

CRrITER p~ 
?O.BOX556DEP!'. G 
SOI.l..~ABEACH , C.~ 92075 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village Center 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 ViU. La JoIl. Dr. 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABlEI 
Special College 

Student Program 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 

Insurance Brokers 

• Mission Valley 542·0391 4 LESS • Sports Arena 224·9727 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OPEN 10 AM TO 10 PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SAlES &. ReNTALS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

6 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1989 

Derevo 
Continued from page 3 

Derevo's artist ic director, An-
tonAdasinsky, creates his perform-
ances relying heavily on visual 
spectacle and audience response. 
Using primal and visceral materi-
als (mud, pigment, blood and ice) 
balanced with beautiful, calming, 
visual elements {shadows, dark-
ness and light} , Oerevo creates a 
silent, mysterious world of inter-
nal , hidden reality. 

Halfway through the perform-
ance, one member of the ensemble 
look the audience straight in the 
eye, wearing only a cod piece and 
a cape with a fake dove percheu on 
his shoulder. The a inine gri n on 
the performer'. face, along with 
hi child-like movements, leave 
the audiet'lce with only one reac-
tion: to lau[.!h With deli[.!ht at the 
3hsurdity of the whole \'isua l ~pec­
tacle. 

"Red Zonc, White Zone" com-
bincs ever31 elements: ritual and 
new rock concepts, surrealistic 
3C thetic, Artaud's "Theater of the 
Cruel" ano Japane~e bwoh move-
ment. To those who are unfamiliar 
with the nature of performance art 
as an art form, "Red Zone, White 
Zone" offers excellent insight into 
this virtual unknown . Not quite 
theater, yet not completely im-
proVisational, Derevo explores the 
ideas of chaos, followed by a re-
birth and a piritual conclusion. 

Joseph 
Continued from page 3 

but be pulled into the show. 
Little comic touches really 

made the show. In a scene with 
Elvis, each of his adoring girls wore 
a sphinx with a leash on her poodle 
ski rt instead of a poodle. The 
brothers fought o ver a rubber 
chicken when they were starving 
in Canaan, but Jacob snatched it 
away from them and used it as a 
microphone. Countless other 
funny actions pulled the whole 
show together, uniting it with the 
music. 

Lamb's Players consisted of nine 
people playing several different 
parts each, but they did it very 
effectively. Performingashowthat 
usually includes a large cast and a 
full choir with only nine people 
must have been a challenge, but 
Lamb's Players met it . 

Tickets for "Joseph" are avail-
able through Lamb's Players Box 
Office at 474-4542. Performances 
are Wednesday through Saturday 
at 8 p.m. and Saturday matinees at 
2 p.m. Tickets are $13 and $17. 
Student rush, 15 minutes before 
curtain, is $8. 

Come write 
for Hiatus! 
Stop by and 
talk to Patty, 

Nancy or 
Bryan. 

Or call us at 
534-6583. 

Albums 
Continued from page 5 

Erasure 
Wild 
Sire Records 

All along, Erasure has been one 
of those groups that require their 
listeners to be somewhat open-
minded. The first thing one has to 
overcome is the fact that an actual 
musical instrument is a sound rarely 
heard in their music. Nearly all of 
the music they make is done on a 
computer, which seems to take 
away some of the va lidity of the 
band. 

Second, the band consists of 
only two people, Vince Clarke and 
Andy Bell. Andy does the lyric 
writing and singing, and Vince 
does the music by himself, which is 
obviously why he uses the com-
puter. 

Considcring that there are just 
the two of them, it makes fora very 
different kind of concert The one 

Era~ure concert that I went to 
con" isred of Andy Bell running 
around singi ng with a lot of back-
ground lighting and vi ual effects. 
I suppose Vince was in back mak-
ing the computer go. 

In the past, Erasure has put out 
such popular songs as "A Little 
Respect," "Stop," "Chains of 
Love," and "Oh L'amour." Now, 
they've moved on and produced a 
new album titled Wild!, which 
they're hoping will continue their 
recent series of successes. 

From this album, they've al-
ready released one Single, called 
"Drama!," which is starting to get 
some play on local radio stations. 
From listening to the album, it can 
be expected that either "You Sur-
round Me" or "Brother and Sister" 
will be soon to follow, but it's hard 
to tell. 

The rest of the tracks arc just 
rypical Erasure,with an exception 
OTtwo. Most of them seem to have 
thattypical Erasure sound thatthey 
tend to dwell on a lot of the time. 

After talking to some avid Era-
sure fans, I sensed that there seem 
to be some mixed emotions about 
the album. However, I must say 
that most of the people, after lis-
tening to thc a lbum several times, 
liked it a lo t. If you've liked 
Erasure's music in the past, chances 
are that you'll enjoy this, too, 

According to C larke and Bell, 
the band:s future plans include a 
world tour to include Scandina-
via, Germany , the U.K., and 
America. 

They supposedly have a new 
concept for the tour this year 
"which incorporates a lot of wild 
undergrowth and overgrown 
plants; a kind of jungle on stage." 
If nothing else, It sh ukl prove to 
be interesting 3nd perhaps a bit 
"Wilu!" 

-Scott Casmer 
Hiatus Staff Writer 

'Immediate Family' 
By Michael Schwartz 

Hiatus ] otero 

With all the talk these days aboU( abortion and birth control, ' 
it seems that the only thing anybody is interested in is not having 
a baby. "Immediate Family" gives us the flip s ide of the coin, in-
trodUCing a couple that "makes love for fun and makes babies in 
a jar ," and their desperate struggle to obmin a child. 

Linda and Michael Spector (Glenn Close and James Woods) 
see babies everywhere. They're at panies, in ballparks and they 
even run out in front of the Spec tors' car. The couple, Unable to 
have child of their own, decides to have an open adoption, where 
both the adopting parents and binh parents get to know each 
other. They receive a call from Lucy (Mary Stuart Masterson), 
seventeen and unwed. and invite her to come and be the mother 
of their child. 

From here, you canpretty muchguess what will happen. Heavy 
bonding, an U+aeen 1tttJ8gle, a resolution·and 50 on. But just 
because you knOw what lies at the end of the road doesn't mean 
you can't enjoydle.cenery along the way. 

The screenplly by Barbara Benedek (The BigChill) is a smooth 
blend of c:omedfand drama. It saves itself from getting sappy with 
its liberal useof'humor. And the point comes acroaeaaily. While 
one couple may have everything and the other nothing, they both 
very much love a little baby. 

My only criticism of the story is that it relies heavily on stere-
otypes. We have a rich well-dressed couple with a convertible and 
house overlooking the ocean vs. the uneducated Guns On' Roses 
kids that get beaten up by dad. The basic true no-win situation is 
created; one couple wants a baby yet can not have it, and the other 
couple has and wants a baby, but can not Iceep it. 

What saves these potentially two dimensional characters is 
some very fine acting. Glenn Close, holder of five Academy 
Award nominations. effortlessly slides into any role and brings a 
wann gentleness to Linda. Mary Stuan Masterson gives Lucy a 
charm not readily apparent in the dialogue alone. The affection 
these two character grow to feel for each o ther comes across 
clearly on the screen.· " 

James Woods gives asensittve portrayal of the caring yet frus-
trated husband. His comedic abilities are also eVident as he 
de\i\'ers some of the funniest lines in the movie. When Lucy is 
rushed to the hospital to deliver , the nurse asks when her due date 
i . Woods screams at her, "Now! Obviously it's right now!" 

Kevin Oi lion rounds outthe prinCipals as Sam, Lucy's leather-
clad boyfriend. He gives asortof"BiIl and Ted" humor to the char-
acter, and a grear deal of insight as well. 

The fanal character worth mentioning is the rather large family 
dog, Ellen. She has some abeolutely hysterical scenes, attacking 
newlV dry cleaned clorh.ea and everything else that is held sacred. 

Director J~ Kaplan (The AccN.vtl) does a superb job, 
.bepina boch.:. ~ and the upbeat drama. The movie 
perfectly ~ .. d ... eot. yet .,.., similar worlds. The 

~sI!~~~~-; 
tcreen. . .. 

Althouah. ~ at tima, this II a movie that deeerva 
. to be seen. It 4oMlM>w people in different circumstances -
6nancea. famiIt1Ind &ture-can help each. other, and how we're 
reany not that~t inside at aU. 

An all-ne. 1.11' Ihow .. t to the tim .... 
music of Pink Floyd 

AlIa, atllllllowllg 
Summ.r of 'M. 
A mlllical IIIlnd-trip. 

Open "lnillGl, too! THEATER AND SCIENce CENTER 

for 
..... tIIIn 

All 231-1111 

Balboa PIftI 

4150 Regents Park Row , Suite 130 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

457~ 1007 
• laser PrintinQ 
• Fax 

7 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1989 



KGB 
Continued from page 1 

Prescott fe ltthe pu 11 f wanting 
to be on the air at a young age. Hi 
father, a disc jockey wh worked 
in Boston and New York, occa-
ion ally took him to w rk on at-

urdays. "That' what I thought I 
was upposed to do," Prescott 
laughed. "I gues little kid are 
kind of stupid . .. [but} I thought 
that was my calling." 

Although he did not have for-
mal broadca ting in truction, 
Prescott decided to tr to break 
mto radio. Like 0 man o ther , he 
got hi fi rst job by knowing the 
friend of a friend f omeone with 
anopenpo ition.Althoughhedid 
not jet traight into a large market 
tati n, uch a La Angele or an 

Diego, his ri e wa much fa ter 
than many who were Ie fortu-
nate. "Radio i kmd of like ba e-
ball," Pre cott ighed. "There are 
the mmor leagues and there are 
the major league . I \\'orked orne 
ummer m Baker field and Ven-

tura county, but I've been lucky 
enough to have been In an Diego 
radIO mce 1973.1 ju t gave the 
new ' director here at KGB my 
audltl n tape and I've been here 
ever ince." 

A graduate of San Diego tate, 
Berger worked for KCR, the cam-
pus radio station , during his col-
lege day . Like Prescott, he had 
been employed at a variety of 
maIler market tation before 

entering the an Diego airwaves. 

"It's the ame with every job in the 
mu ic indu try," Berger pointed 
out. "If you want to be a r ck and 
roll tar, you've got to pay your 
d~e. Y ud n'tjust become a star. 
It's the same way with being a 
[radio] jock. You don't just go into 
San Diego and tart working at 
your fir t job." 

The competition between dis 
jockey for the favored citie par-
allels the battle 
between sta-
tion for adver-
ti ing revenue, 
e pecially dur-
ing the earlier 

entitled "Thou and liar Thur -
day," in which, every h ur, a band 
or specific ng i deSignated a the 
winning indicator. When played, 
the tenth caller win 1000 dollars. 
Although the conte t appear 
simple, it i games like thi that 
help boo t a tation' rating . 

Yet money is merely one gim-
mick that is utilized to grab the at-
tention of the groggy morning au-

dience . Car, 
trips and con-
cert tickets are 
for the taking 
ju t by listening 
to a specific sta-
tion from 6 to 
10a.m. The key 
to a successful 
conte t i sim-
plicity and a 
catchy title. 

hifts . "Wh n it 
come down to 
rating and the 
adverti ing dol-
lar, we hate eve-
rybody," 
Prescott 
laughed . "No, 
[the deejays] are 
a ll friend , but 
it' like a n y-
thing. When 
you play base-
ball again t your 
fflend, you 
want to beat 
them. And that' 

Cartridges of pre- recorded 
sound effects 

The money 
for prizes comes 
partially from 
the station's ad-
vertising prof-
it . A for the 
other item ,the 
station can do 
what i referred 
to a a "trade-

exactly what we 
do .... " 

Thi con tant pres ure to per-
form i one of the rea ons the 
mornmg show i th m st difficult 
radio shift. To prevent people from 
changing tat ion on their way to 
work, deejays mu t perpetually 
have something that is simple, yet 
rewarding enough, to win. Cur-
rently, KGB is using a contest 

out" with companie . "If we had a 
trip to England on Ameri an Air-
line ," Presc tt aid, "we'll ay, 'You 
giv u a free trip for two and we'll 
Just mention American twenty 
time on the radio.' [This i called 
a trade-out] and it' very common 
in radio." 

To promote the e imple little 
games, it helps to have di c jockeys 
with ideas of how to make a pas-

ive listener active. A ense of 
humor, a twisted mind and an 
encouragement of the bizarre ar 
usually helpful qualities for the 
morning deejay to po ses. orne 

f the situation these three guys 
have been in are intere ting, to say 
the least. "For my birthday, [Berger 
and Randolph] actually surprised 
me with a mas euse," Pre cott 
remini ced, with a sly grin on his 
face. "I actually did an hour of the 
show while I was nude, under a 
heet, and I had four lovely ladies 

rna aging me." 
The gimmicks, however enter-

taining, mu t appeal to the listen-
ing audience. The bigge t differ-
ence between the format of morn-
ing radio and other shifts is the 
type of listener tuning in. Radio' 
prime time i in the morning while 
televi ion hits its peak during the 
evening hours. "The bulk of 
America watches T.V. at night," 
Berger emphasized. "The people 
who aren't watching, usually be-
tween the ages of 12 to 25, want us 
to rock out a little bit harder [at 
night}. In the morning, people 
don't want to hear loud music a 
they're waking up. We try to make 
it a bit more ma appeal in the 
morning and at night we can be a 
little more daring." 

The average age of the m rning 
audience is al 0 a factor that di c 
jockeys mu t take into account. 
The mon y demographic, the age 
bracket that KGB eeks to attract, 
is listeners between the ages 25 to 
54. Yet listeners tend to be gener-
ally older in the morning, many 
who are business people getting 

ready for work. As Berg r p int 
out, they u uallyaren' as thrilled 
t listen to omething by Van 
Halen a would ome ne at night. 

The pressures of ratings is not 
exactly proportional to the job' 
monetary compensation. The size 
of the tat ion, the deejay's past 

xperience and degree of public 
recognition, and the size of the 
station's market are all influenc-
ing factors in the size of the jock's 
paycheck. Although morning 
j cks have a larger salary, a disc 
jockey working in San Diego makes 
an average of $24,000 per year. 

In talking to Berger, Pre cott 
and Randolph, it becom s obvi-
ous that they are deejays not for 
the money or the recognition, but 
for the sheer love of being o n the 
air. Although these guy enjoy 
their job, Berger warns that radio 
i not for everyone. "Think twice 
[before entering the field)." he cau-
tions. "Think about how much 
money you want to make. It's a 
very tough busines ," 

Thi article i the fir t in a 
three-part eries. Next week's 
piece will look Katy Manor and 
the 91X Breakfa t Club. 

SAVE 30% 
ON UNIVERSITY Tis & SWEATS 

GOOD WITH AD AT LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE STORE ONLY THRU 11/12/89 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. #401 .535-0365 

FBANm MY DEAR, 
I DON'T &lYE! DAMN. 
fM 001161'0 HAVE MY 

TAKENJ 
SENIORS IF YOU HAVEN'T RECEIVED YOUR APPOINTMENT CARD IN THE MAIL 

OR WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE 534 7491 
YOUR APPOINTMENT - CALL -

LAST DAY TODAY! 
ENIOR portrait are being taken at the Irvine Room in the Price Center. 

8 HIATUS NOVEMBER 9 1989 


