
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Past Student Advocate 
Wins Suit Against 'UC 
By JOHN SHAW 
Stnior StajfWrittr 

A small claims court judge ruled 
in early August that the University 
of California was guilty of violat-
ing fonner UCSO Student Advo-
cate Bard-Alan Finlan' s privacy 
and due process rights. Finlan was 
awarded $750 by the court. 

Finlan's case concemed the 
violation of his privacy rights, the 
refusal of the University to pro-
vide him an appropriate hearing 
over the violation of his privacy 
rights, and the length of time it 
took the University to finally agree 
to allow Finlan an appropriate 
hearing. 

In June of 1987, Finlan filed a 
complaint with the University 
when he suspected that a campus 
department had illegally accessed 
his personal records. At the time 
of Finlan' s complaint. Director of 
Undergraduate Affairs and Spe-
cial Services Nicholas Aguilar 
referred Finlan to the UCSO"Poli-
cies and Procedures Manual 160-
2"(PPM 160-2)and"UCSDCam-
pus Regulations." The documents 
outline student privacy rights and 
what course of action students 
should take if they feel that their 
privacy rights have been violated. 

Upon inspection, Finlan found 
the two documents to be contra-
dictory. The PPM 160-2saidastu-
dent had the right to a hearing 
before an impartial hearing officer 
chosen by the vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs. However, 
the "UCSD Campus Regulations" 
said students have the option of 
choosing to have their cases heard 
before a hearing officer or to have 
the cases heard before a hearing 
committee composed of staff, stu-
dents, and one person chosen by 

the student. 
Finlan requested that a commit-

tee hear his case, saying that a hear-
ing before a committee that included 
several students would weigh his 
interests against the University's 
interests more fairly than would a 
single University-employed hear-
ing officer. 

The University refused and in-
stead gave him a hearing before a 
hearing officer. Finlan attended the 
hearing under protest, where his 
complaint was denied. 

Finlan next researched the back-
grounds of the PPM and the UCSO 
Campus Regulations. He found that 
the PPM 160-2 had never received 
formal approval by UC President 
David Gardner. 

According to University sys-
temwide regUlations, student pri-
vacy rights grievance procedures 
must be developed with stud~nt 
consultation and must receive ap-
proval by the UC president before 
they can be implemented. Since 
students had not been consulted and 
the PPM 160-2 had not received 
UC presidential approval, Finlan 
concluded that the docJ,ll1lent was 
invalie) and that by default the 
"UCSO Campus Regulations" was 
the correct document to follow. 

Despite Finlan' s findings, Agui-
lar and Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joseph Watson 
maintained that the document com-
plied with other existing UC sys-
temwide policies, and therefore 
Finlan had received due process. 

Because Watson and Agu!Jar 
showed no sign of altering their 
positions, Finlan initiated an exten-
sive letter writing campaign which 
inlcuded letters to to many high 
ranking UC officials, Governor 
George Deukmejian and the U.S. 
Department of Education. 

See LAWSUIT, page 3 

On The Gym Steps 

--Friday's well-attended 
Blue and Gold Incredible 
Friday featured the musi-
cal group Thelonious Mon-
ster. Top: Pete Weiss, Dix 
Denny and Bob Forrest 
perform. Left: The crowd 
of UCSD students listens 
intently to the music at 
BGIF. 

UC Updates Admissions Criteria 
Specific criteria for the admis-

sion of undergraduate students to 
the UniversityofCaJifomia'seight 
general campuses were presented 
to the UC Regents during a sum-
mer meeting at UC San Francisco-
Laurel Heights. 

Development of the "campus 
selection criteria" that was pre-

sented at the Regents meeting is a 
part of the University's effort to 
clarify its admissions policy and 
procedures in light of dramatically 
increasing demand for enrollment 
at all UC campuses, according to 
Rick Malaspina, spokesperson for 
the Office of the UC President 
David Gardner. 

elect to enroll in the University and 
the enrollment of ethnic minorities 
have all increased dramatically." 

Condom Brands Found Ineffective William R. Frazer, UC senior vice president for academic affairs, 
told the Regents ' Committee on 
Educational Policy that the new 
criteria is designed to "ensure 
implementation of an admissions 
process that emphasizes academic 
excellence and also recognizes a 
wide spectrum of special talents, 
academic skills, interests.and ex-
periences which contribute to a 
rich educational environment." 

As a result, by the mid-1980s 
"the number of campuses which 
could not accommodate all eligible 
applicants increased sharply, and 
it became clear that a new selec-
tion policy was required," Frazer 
said. 

According to Malaspina, the UC 
is hoping to provide a place within 
the University system for all eli-
gible applicants who are residents 
of Califomia, while maintaining a 
student body that demonstrates 
academic achievement, and per-
sonal talent and encompasses the 
broad diversity of cultural, racial, 
geographic and socio-economic 
backgrounds characteristic of Cali-
fomia. 

By MARY BEITY HEARD 
Staff Writer 

condoms were cited as three brands 
that were among those least protec-
tive against the AIDS virus. 

Recent studies have shown that A spokesperson at Ansell-
not all condoms are equally effec- Americas, the company that manu-
tive in preventing the spread of the . factures Lifestyles Conture con-
AlDSvirus,HIV.Researchershave doms, commented on the nature of 
detected leakage of air and water the UCLA study. 
through tears and pores in some "Tests that are done by one labo-
condoms after simulated sex tests. ratory or another are not necessarily 
These tears and pores were large valid unless they are done accord-
enough to allow the AIDS virus to ing to U.S. Food and Drug Admini-
escape. stration standards, a company 

In a UCLA study recently cited spokesperson said while maintain-
in a Los Angeles Times article, ing that, at Ansell-Americas "we 
Lifestyles Conture, Trojan Natu- are meeting and exceeding FDA 
ralube and Contracept Plus brand standards." 

Inside ... 
• OPINION OPI:\I():,\ 

Brands of condoms reportedly 
found to have the lowest percent-
age ofleakage after water, air and 
tensile strength tests included 
Ramses Se,:,!sitol, Gold Circle, 
Ourex Nufonn and Trojan Enz. 
Lifestyles Stimula, also by Ansell-
Americas, received a comparably 
high rating of 74.9 percent effec-
tiveness on the standard leakage' 
tests. 

The condom with the lowest 
rating in HIV testing, Contracept 
Plus, manufactured by National 
Sanifory Laboratories, was re-
called by the FDA because of its 

See CONDOM, page 9 

Frazer said that until the early 
19805, most eligible applicants 
were admitted to the campus of 
their choice. 

He added that, "In recent years, 
the number of new [first year] 
applicants, the percentage of Cali-
fomia high school graduates who 

Selection criteria for UCSD and 
the other UC campuses are consis-
tent with recently issued Univer-
sity guidelines specifying that 
campuses shall select between 40 
and 60 percent of their cia ses of 

See UPDATE, page 9 

FE .\Tl ' HES SP()HTS 
• FEATURES 
• SPORTS 

4 
10 
28 

State Alcohol 
Policy Examined 4 

'Thursday's On The 
Green' Begins 1 0 

Rough Weekend 
For Triton Sports 28 



News Clips 
(~UCSD NEWS) ( SPOTLIGHTJ 
Smoking Cessation Program Held 

A free public orientation to a UCSD-sponsored smok-
ing cessation program will be held from 7-8 p.m., Thurs-
day, Oct. 5, on the UCSD campus. The program, which 
was developed by the UCSD School of Medicine's 
Division of Family Medicine, is designed to help people 
who have never quit smoking before and those who have 
experienced considerable difficulty with quitting in the 
past. 

The orientation will be held at the UCSD Family 
Practice/La Jolla, located on Osler Lane. off Gilman 
Drive. The group will meet over a three-month period for 
a total of eight sessions. The program charge is $95. 

The UCSD program uses cognitive behavioral modi-
fication. nicotine gum and group suppon, and gives 
special attention to preventing relapse. New groups are 
formed periodically. The program is open to the public. 

Author to Present Lecture on Fractals 
World-renowned author Dr. Heinz-Otto Peitgen will 

give a free public lecture and audiovisual presentation on 
fractal geometry on Thursday. Oct. 5 at 6 p.m. in the 
Price Center Theater . 

Peitgen, co-author and co-editor of The Beauty of 
Fractals. and The Science of Fractal Images, will give a 
full color demonstration offractal images using complex 
computer graphics. 

Home Grown Theater Project 
Accepting Playwrights 

The Progressive Stage Company is announcing the 
Home Grown Project. The three-month combination of 
various programs is aimed at promotion and develop-
ment of local writers and actors. Included in the project 
is a Playwrights Workshop to be taught by relocated San 
Francisco playwright Kirk Hathaway. 

The workshop will center on evaluation, develop-
ment . reading and possible production of workshop 
works. Promising writers will be invited to join the 
company's writing core to provide monthly material for 
the "After Hours at City Hall" show. There is also a 
newly formed acting core for the company. 

Directed by David Chandler. managing director of 
the project, the company will join with the Playwrights 
Workshop with a "Works in Progress" series to begin in 
October. In addition, the project will culminate in 
November with the First Annual Home Grown Festival. 
The Festival will be a presentation of one acts, perform-
ance pieces and sketches all written. acted and directed 
by local anists. Playwrights for the project are still being 
considered. 

For more information regarding the Home Grown 
Theater Project and its up-coming projects, contact: 
Progressive Stage Company, 433 G Street, San Diego. 
92101. 

Motley's Crew By Ben Templeton & Tom Forman 
r:;;;:;~=---, 

If'S GReAr w~~N 
flit \tJtAf~~rI.'S 

NICIO, Bur W~IO se: 
IIU15 1'0 WllllfelZ. 

HeR!:"! 

Artist and Professor to Speak on 
Culture and Politics in China 

Li Huai. noted Chinese artist. and her husband. 
Professor Paul Pickowicz of UCSD. will present "Cul-
ture and Politics in Contemporary China" on Monday, 
Oct. 9, at a 5:30 reception at the U.S. Grant Hotel. Li 
Huai will show slides of her art and both she and 
Pickowicz will comment on culture and politics in 
today's China. Call the World Affairs Council, 235-
o Ill, for more information. ( UCNEWS J 
Professor Sues UC in Tenure Dispute 

A former UC Berkeley math professor filed a sex 
discrimination suit in Alameda County Superior Coun 
last week after an internal University committee recom-
mended the dismissal of her grievance the previous day. 

Jenny Harrison, who filed a tenure discrimination 
grievance with the University in 1988, received the 
committee's finding Sept. 20. 

Attorneys for Harrison decided to pursue the matter 
in coun after the Academic Senate's Committee on 
Privilege and Tenure released a l4-page finding dis-
missing her claims. 

"The only recourse is to file a suit to seek tenure, back 
pay,legalfees,anddamages,"saidRobenBezemek,one 
of Harrison's attorneys. 

He added that Harrison could possibly receive several 
hundred thousand dollars in compensation if she wins 
the lawsuit. However, it would be approximately a year 
or two before the case would go to trial. 

Harrison. who had been with the University since 
1977, was denied tenure in 1987. After her tenure denial, 
she continued to be employed as an assistant mathemat-
ics professor and assistant research mathematician be-
fore her contract ended in the spring. 

UC Berkeley spokesperson Tom Debley declined to 
comment on the findings or the lawsuit except to call the 
dispute a "personnel matter." 

Sandy Louey 
Daily Californian 

at hi. fIrIt ve,etartan convention. II unaware of 
Iv .. " .. '"",,n etiquette. 

r- --------------------------------------------------, 
: What Makes You Laugh? I 
I I 
I We want to make you laugh, but to do that we need to know what D as the world burns D Simple Beasts I 
I you think is funny. You can help by filling out this coupon and I 
I letting us know what you want to see in this space, D Motley's Crew D Calvin and Hobbes I 
I Mail your ideas to Cartoons, c/o The Guardian, B-O 16, UCSD, I 
I La Jolla, CA 92093 or drop them off at the Guardian office on the 0 Shoe 0 Other (Please specify) I 
I second floor of the old student center. I L ____________________________________________________ ~ 

Monday, October 2,1989 

LAWSUIT: Court Rules 
In Favor of Finlan 
Continued from Page 1 

Upon consideration of the evi-
dence. the Department of Educa-
tion ruled that the University had 
violated Finlan 's privacy rights and 
that the University was also in vio-
lation offederallaws requiring the 
University to nolify all students 
which campus departments have 
access to their personal records. 
At UCSD, this information is 
printed in thequanerly class sched-
ule. At the time of Finlan' s com-
plaint, however, the depanment 
that accessed his records was not 
listed in the schedule as having the 
authority to do so. 

Approximately four months 
after the Department of 
Education's decision, Finlan re-
ceived a copy of a letter from UC 
systemwide Student Affairs and 
Services Director Mary Beth 
Snyder to Watson. 

Snyder wrote: "In the opinion 
of [University Legal) Counsel, the 
University could face legalliabil-
ity if we do not follow procedures 
that conform to our own approved 
policies. Accordingly, I recom-
mend that the campus provide Mr. 
Finlan with a hearing of all his 
various grievances before a panel 
thaI is convened in a manner that 
conforms in every detail to ' Uni-
versity of California Policies and 
UC San Diego Campus Regula-
tions Applying to Campus Activi-
ties, Organizations and Students: " 

Ten months after Finlan had 
originally requesled a hearing be-
fore a hearing committee, Watson 
agreed to allow him one. By that 
time, Finlan had filed six more 
complaints against the University 
conceming its handling ofhisorigi-
nal complaint. The hearing com-
mittee was selected and eventually 
decided in favor of Finlan on five 
of his major complaints. In doing 
so, the committee ovenumed the 
decision of the hearing officer in 
Finlan ' s first heari ng. 

According to Finlan, the hear-
ing committee submitted 30 rec-
ommendations to Chancellor Rich-
ard Atkinson on how to resolve the 
violations committed against him 
and what changes · needed to be 
made in campus regulations. 

According to Finlan, none of 
these recomendations have been 
acted on. 

"The only way I could think to 
receive compensation for my time 
and expense in my ordeal was to 
take the University to small claims 
coun," Finlan said. "I had spent 
hundreds of dollars in Xerox fees 
and long distance telephone calls 
and there was no way I could af-
ford an attorney." 

In small claims coun, Judge 
Carol Muehling Frausto deter-
mined that Finlan "went to quix-
otian [sic) lengths to right the 
wrongs he felt the defendant com-
milled." Frausto concluded that 

tJWd 

The UCSD Guardian 

"it took almost a one year crusade 
by [Finlan] until the University 
finally agreed to the appropriate 
hearing. This time period was 
clearly excessive and the circum-
stances constituted violations of 
the plaintiff s due process rights." 

Aguilar was present at the trial 
as a witness for the University. In 
an interview. Aguilar denied that 
the University violated Finlan's 
due process rights. despite the 
University'sdecision not to appeal 
the case. 

"The University accepted 
[Judge Frausto' s] decision for the 
sake of getting on with the busi-
ness of the University and to en-
sure that student concems are mel," 
Aguilar said. 

Aguilar offered two new argu-
ments for the legitimacy of the 
PPM 160-2. He argued that the 
document does not need student 
consultation nor UC presidential 
approval because it is not a student 
regUlation, but rather "a guide to 
employees on how to handle SIU-
dent records." 

Part A, section 12.10 of the 
systemwide "Policies Applying to 
Campus Activities, Organizations, 
and Students" states that "Chan-
cellors shall consult with students 
.. . in the development and modi-
fication of campus regulations .. . 
except where modifications in the 
campus regulations are specifically 
mandated. " 

Aguilar argued that the federal 
government, in effect, mandated 
that modifications be made in 
campus regulations to comply with 
federal privacy rights laws. Thus, 

NEWS 3 

VULITU'" '" File Photo 
Bard-Alan Flnlan --The Former student advocate stands 
in front of Director of Undergraduate Affairs and Special 
Services Nicholas A uilar's office. 

Aguilar argued, no student consul-
tation was needed in the develop-
ment of the PPM 160-2. 

Finlan did nor agree with 
Aguilar's arguments and main-
tained thal the Office of rhe UC 
President, the Depanment ofEdu-

cation . and Judge Frausto saw no 
merit in them eilher. 

Judge Frausto wrote on Aug. I 
that Finlan 's batrle with the Uni-
versity was "a baule of principle 
and, unfonunately, battles of prin-

See F1NLAN, page 9 

It's Never Too Early to 
Learn the Write Way to 

Start Your areer! 
The Guardian's Fall 
Quarter Internship 
Program starts 
tonight at 7:00. 
Don't miss this opportunity to learn the fundamentals of 
journalism and effective communication. Taught by 
fellow students, this five-week program covers topics 
such as interviewing skills, libel law and writing for 
publication, just to name a few. It's great experience no 
matter what career you're planning. So come by the 
Guardian office on the second floor of the old Student 
Center tonight and get your career started the write way! 

MONDAY NIGHT 
pre.e.t FOOTBALL 

KENNY LOGGINS 
with Martika and Kid Curry 

Saturday, October 7 
Gates open at 2 p.m. Showtime3:30 p.m. Fireworks 7:30 p.m. 

Naval Statbn San Diego, off 1-5 in National City 556-7455 
$12 General admission • $8 Military discount 
• Available at all SD Navy and Marine bases 

"Th&s advcrllMmenl doe. nol tJilpfeN o r Impty an endorsem«nr 01 1"" ~om"..rc.al.ponsor o r 
III products or MrVtCe. by the Department of Navy Of any olMr pert of the F . ... aI 
Governl'1\f:nt, 001 hal II been put fOf or sponsored by rM DepM'llMnrofthe Navyor a~oltwr 
pari of the Feo",Ai Government .. 

~~~ 
u_~ .. JK:II t_ 

,. .. _-, ......... ,.... 
' ,""",11" CMIIII "I . , II 1111 

Giant 10-Ft. Screen • Tailoate Buffet 
$1.00 Draft Beers 

75 ¢ Schnapps 

$1.50 Well Drinks 

Free Valet Parlcing 
Atop the Summer House Inn 
7955 La Jolla Shores Drive 
Corner of Torrey Pines Rd. 
and La Jolla Shores Drive 

459-0541 
• 



" OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
ANTO BInNER, ews Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 

n.c Guardian il published twice v.eekly It the Uru\'U$lry of California, San otciO. Cortknts C I989. 
VIC .. , uprnliCld herrin rqnscnl lhc majomy YOle of the editorial board, and are not nocclssanly those 

0( the UC Boord 0( Relents •• 1It ASUCSD nor.1It entire G..,.diDJo .wr. 

A Tougher Law 

Hard Luck for Drunks 
A new law goes into effect January I which lowers the blood-

alcohol level at which a driver is legally intoxicated from .10 
percent to .08 percent. 

With all of the attention the War on Drugs is getting, it's easy 
to forget the war against drunk driving we had a few years ago. 
That war was largely successful. 

Spearheaded by groups such as Mothers Against Drunk Driv-
ers (MADD), the effort had two effects. The first was the 
tightening oflaws around the nation to make penalties for driving 
under the influence much harsher. The second, and more impor-
tant, effect was the stigmatization of driving under the influence. 
Where attempting to drive drunk was once considered funny , like 
watching a drunk stumble around, it is now considered stupid and 
dangerous. 

But some people still try it. They figure that if they just have 
a few drinks, they'll still be able to drive the gang back from 
Tijuana. While they may be right, it's just as likely they'll be 
wrong. The effect of alcohol is influenced by many factors, and 
there's no way to know on a given day how intoxicated one will 
be (nor how watered down the drinks are). 

This new law makes a strong point: if a person drinks any 
alcohol, he or she shouldn't drive. More important, people should 
always consider how they'll get home before they stan drinking. 

Even after all the effort to reduce drunk driving, there were still 
more than 2,200 alcohol-related traffic fatalities in California 
during the past year. Studies indicate that a blood-alcohol level 
as low as .05 percent impairs driving ability. 

With this new law, Califomiajoins a handful of other states in 
sending a clear signal that alcohol and driving shouldn' t be 
mixed. i 

A Hopeful Step 

Graduate Employees 
Years ago, a Stanford graduate student shot his faculty advi-

sor. He was frustrated at the length of time it was taking to recieve 
his Ph.D., and the advisor's treatment of him as a virtual slave. 
Even after serving his sentence, he said he was unrepetant. 

While his actions were clearly indefensible, the treatment of 
graduate students is equally indefensible. Fortunately. the Cali-
fornia state Senate's recent passage of a measure requesting the 
University of California to change its treatment of student em-
ployees is a positive step. 

The chief flaw in the current system is the lack of an effective 
grievance procedure. One graduate student at UCSD said his 
advisor is still requiring him towork with boring, time-consum-
ing data-even though the rules prohibit such requirements after 
the fllSt few years. " I should be concentrating on research ," he 
said, "But what can I do? So I live with it." 

Graduate students who work as T As don ' t receive health bene-
fits, and are often required to do much more than the job 
description suggests. 

The poor treatment ofT As may be one of the reasons why there 
are so few good ones. Graduate students generally only become 
T As if their department forces them to, or if they are desperate for 
some extra money. 

The move by the Senate won' t olve the problem nor even 
cause much change. The resistance of the University of Califor-
nia to spending money , and of professors to giving up their 
slaves, is very strong. But this is a positive step in the right 
direction, and will serve to shed light on the problem. 

Empty Stereotypes 
"Do the Greeks hate us?" It was a question posed 

to me by another Guardian editor during production 
of our first issue this year. 

I'm in a fraternity, but [don 't consider myself a 
spokesman for the [ntrafratemity Council (IFC). De-
spite this hortcoming, I pretty much knew the an-
swerto this person's question. I paused for about two 
seconds and then slowly nodded my head. 

Knowing this, I shouldn't have been surprised by 
the way Greeks conversed with me when I was 
interviewing them for an article that same week. No 
one was rude or uncooperative; all of those inter-
viewed were glad to answer my questions. But in five 
of the six interviews I conducted with local Greeks, 
the responses were guarded; answers came after 
pauses and were carefully worded. It seemed as if 
they were leery that any comment might be taken by 
' heGreek-bashingGuardian editoranduscdagainst 
them to make them and their fraternities look bad. I 
shouldn't have been surprised, and maybe I wasn ' t; 
but it felt strange to be categorized. 

Only one of the six interviewed didn't assume 
from the time that I said, "Hello, my name is Anton 
Bittner, news editor from the Guardian . .. " that I 
was non-Greek. There was even one non-student fra-
ternity chapter advisor who spoke quite freely of the 
Guardian's reputation with IFC - it was clear that 
being associated with the newspaper gave me the 
same reputation. This person had openly categorized 
me and was all but flat out telling me so. 

The reputation our staff has inherited is kind of 
ironic. All except two positions on the executive 
board of the Guardian are filled by different people 
this year. There are four fraternity members on the 
present board. 

It's a crime that people are categorized so easily. 

When I first pledged my fraternity , two weeks into 
my freshman year, some of the people I had met the 
week before figured that they must have had the 
wrong first impression and that I mu t be an a-hole 
"frat boy ." I picked this up in their attitude toward me 
when they saw the pledge badge on my chest. Some 
of these people began to realize that because [ was in 
a fraternity did not mean that I fit into a stereotype. 
Others never gave me a chance and I just see them 
around campus every once in awhile now. 

My sister was telling me of a conversation she had 
with a friend of hers that I had known. After hearing 
that I had joined a fraternity her friend asked quietly, 
"Has he ... changed 1" 

Sometimes someone will tell me that I don' t seem 
like the "frat type," and it is meant as a compliment. 
Instead this angers me. People associated with cer-
tain organizations are pinned down as acting a cer-
tain way. When someone meets a member of an 
organization and the member does not conform to bis 
expectations, the group still retains the stereotype 
but the person is told that he isn't a part of the organi-
zation. 

We love to pin stereotypes on people and to hear 
of things that strengthen and confirm t.he expected 
behavior. When something happens which contra-
dicts our expectations, we divorce the person or 
event from the stereotype. We don't want to modify 
our feelings, because we're really comfortable with 
calling things just "good" or "bad, " and an area in the 
middle requires too much thought. 

The editor mentioned at the beginning who asked 
the question followed up by asking if there was 
anything that could be done to improve the relation-
ship. The answer will corne from unbiased reporting 
and a mutual trust, not from either group thinking i'1 
"positive coverage" or "negative coverage" terms. 

Student Advocate Memories where credit is due and let it now be known that I will truthfully 
testify that it would have been 
impossible for me to have done 
my job without the actions and 
inspiration of one other man on 
campus. 

Editor: 
Now that my official tenure as 

Associated Students student ad-
vocate has reached a close and, as 
I did not requestto be re-appointed 
for another term in the interest of 
devoting more time to my aca-
demic work., another will be tak-
ing my place (although I will be 
working part·time in that office-
it is hard to stay away ),1 have had 
the time (?) to reflect on some 

issues I worked on in that office. 
I suppose it is worthy to note 

that I have been called (among 
other less laudable things) "the 
student who stood up to the UCSD 
administration and won." It is 
enough to make one blush. 

The principles of fairness and 
justice, however, compel rne to 
relinquish my hold on all the credit 
for my success as your student 
advocate; credit should be given 

That man is none other than the 
directorofUndergraduate Affairs' 
Special Services Division: Nicho-
las Aguilar, 10. Nicholas, it was 
you who awoke me from slumber 
and revealed to me the true light 

See MEMORIES, Pap , 

Monday, October 2, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Safe At Home: Mixing Journalism and Socializing 
NEW YORK - The other night my tially congenial journalists has an inevi- community must always emulate the be-

ABC colleagues Sam Donaldson and Di- table political consequence: the enhance- haviorofapitbull?'Can'treportersremem-
ane Sawyer spent an hour with George and ment of a sense of warmth and confidence ber JFK's axiom that "civility is not a sign 
Barbara Bush at the White House. Should in the president. of weakness''? Since we are three years 
they have done so? I'm still trying to figure No journalist, however tough-minded, from the next election, can't the press help 
it out. can or should approach the chief executive encourage a sense of civic pride in the man 

The "PrimeTime Live" program origi- in an adversarial manner in the midst of his who, after all, is the head of state, the presi-
nated from the White House, and certainly horne, while being granted unprecedented dent of all the people? 
gave viewers an unusual look at where and You bet; which is why,I'm uncharacter-
how the first family lives; we saw every- Jeff Greenfield istically uncertain about where I stand. The 
thing from the president's private office to problem is that, almost unique among lead-
home video of the family on vacation in Universal Press Syndicate ers, our president is head of state and head 
Kennebunkport . of government at one and the same time. He 

We also heard appropriately toughques- is the embodiment of the executive branch 
tions from Sawyer and Donaldson on eve- access to his private quancrs. It would be of government, as well as the leader of the 
rything from glln control to summitry to inexcusably bad manners. What the viewer government, charged with guiding his poli-
alleged presidential timidity on helping is left with, then, is a sense of good feelings, cies and programs past a political opposi-
Eastern Europe toward democracy. confidence, security. tion. 

So what's the problem? It's the same It is the same sense that we got out of So how do you separate a fascinating 
uneasy feeling I had when Ronald Reagan Look magazine, with all those pictures of glimpscinsidethemostfamoushomeinthe 
showed Barbara WaI- ___________________________ United States, "the 
ters around his ranch in people's house," from 
Santa Barbara back in "In our time, there Is no such thing as an unself- the probability that 
the early 19805; the conscious public presidential appearance." such a tour will indi-
same feeling I had when rectJy givethepresident 
Jimmy Carter brought ___________________________ more weapons with 
the White House press which to guide his tax 
down to the picture-postcard perfect setting John-John peeking out from under the Oval and spending proposal through the Con-
of Plains, Georgia; the same feeling I had in Office desk, or of JFK driving a golf cart gress? 
looking back through old Look magazine full of kids down to the local ice cream Do you refuse to engage in any such 
picture essays on the dashing John Ken- depot on Cape Cod; yes, this is the dashing programs? Do you stroll down a White 
nedy frolicking with his family in the Oval young man who should be running the House corridor and then suddenly snap, 
Office and in Hyannis, Massachusetts. country. "Never mind the mementos, Mr. President, 

In our time, there is no such thing as an Such "up close and personal" visits, in tell us how long before the next S &: L 
unsclf-consciouspublic presidemialappear- other words, are more than just that; they disaster bankrupts us?" 
ance. Even someone as comfortable with invariably enhance the positive sense of a I don't know. But I know this: Anyone 
himself as George Bush understands - or president's personality, which in this coun- out there who thinks this is an easy call 
has people understand for him - that an try. enhances his political standing as well. better think twice before taking up joumal-
hour of prime-time television with essen- So? AmI sU8,8esting that thejoumalistic ism. 

Every Night is Fun Night at 
TUESDAY 

OPINION 5 

Recycling 
Editor: 

The UCSD Recycling Co-op 
applauds the new recycling program 
at the Muir dorms and apartments. 
We think, however, that the Co-op's 
role was unclear in the Guardian 
article (Guardian. Sept. 25). 

The only mention of the Co-op in 
the article was that portions of the 
profits "will be given to tbe UCSp 
Recycling Co-op," without mention 
that the Co-op spent hundreds of 
dollars of its own money to buy the 
collection bins, and donated dozens 
of person-hours of volunteer labor to 
select, repair, clean, paint and move 
them. 

The Co-op is also contractually 
responsible for picking up and sell-
ing the recyclables from those bins. 
This ongoing work commitment is 
why we are being "given" a portion 
of the profits, just as the MuirCoUege 
Council is receiving a portion of the 
profits for the work of students in 
each house emptying the recyclables 
into our bins. 

The easiest way for students to 
contribute to the success of this pro-
gram is to throw trash in the trash 
bins, recyclables in the recycling bins! 
Remember that when you drop your 
lunch leftovers into a newspaper bin, 
real (often unpaid) human beings have 
to pull it out. 

Stephen Bloch 
Recycling Coordinator 

UCSD Recycling C(M)P 

EVERY MONDAY 
Hospitality Night 

$1.00 Drinks after 8:00 
Beer, wine, and 
well drinks only 

Bring your check stub as 
proof of employment 

Monday Night Football 
All you can eat 

is Buck Night at the Beach 
Come join us. Order your 

favorite drink 
WEDNESDAY 
Ladies Night 

Hot- Dog and Chili Bar 
5:30-8:00 

$1.50 pints of beer 

THURSDAY 
UCSD Run For 

The Border 
Join us for the best 

Mexican Buffet during 
Happy Hour 5-8 p.m. 

$1.50 Margaritas 
No cover with student LD. and 

valid driver's license 

Draft, wine, well drinks $1.00 
Starting at 8 p.m. 

WILD FRIDAY 
Party with Z-90 

90( Drink Specials 
Best Happy Hour in Town 

cover between 7-8 p.m. 

Ladies every Wednesday after 8 
p.m. 

No Cover-$l.00 drinks 
Specialty Drinks 

SATURDAY 

Late night party starts at 8 p.m. ~~I,.....lo<!~ 

Long Island Night 
Come early to avoid cover 

between 7-8 p.m, 
Party goes on with best 

Light Show in town 

$2.75 Long Island Ice Tea 
all night 

Happy Hour Buffet Mon.-Fri. 5-8 • Free Food and Drink 
4190 Mission Blvd. (2 blocks south of Grand Ave.) in the Pacific Beach Promenade (619) 581-3938 



6 OPINION 

The Keys to 
Opportunity 

and 
Success 

Unlock the door to career opportunit ies as we 
o~n the doors of the S heraton Grande Torrey Pines, 
a new luxury hotel in La Jolla, o n November 9. Located 
o n North T orrey Pines Rd. wi th specta ular views of the golf 
course and ocean, we will be the premier hotel in the area. If 
you want more than an <;>rdinary hotel job and a luxurious 
working enVIro nment, Jam our o~nmg team. We offer top 
wages. benefits and wo rking cond itions. Experience preferred . 
but we will train the righ t people. 

PERSONAL INTERVIEWS AT 
THE TEMPORARY 

LA JOLLA HIRING CENTER 
October 2 through O ctober 7 

Monday & Tuesday, 9am · 7pm 
Wednesday through Saturday, 9am · 5pm 
324 2 Holiday Ct., 2nd Floor, Suite 206 

FOR THESE POSITIONS: 
Front Desk 
Reservations 
CBX 
Concierge 
Butlers 
Van & Limo Drivers 
Doorpersons 
Security 

Be llstaff 
Res taurant/Room 
Sen /ice Senle rs 
Coc ktail Servers 
Hosts /Hostesses 
Bartenders 
Cas h iers 

Bring a list o f references with phone numbers and apply in 
person . From 1-5. exit West o n La Jolla V illage Drive. Turn left 
at first sign al on Villa La .,... ~. 
Jolla Dr Left at fi rst SIgnal !S ' 

, i! 
o n HolIda y C t Immediate ~_~ 
left past bank. thro ugh 
private alley . BuddIng o n 
right. 

Wr art' an 
Equal l'1ppon unll \ [mp!t'\l"r 

Sheraton Grande 
1brrey Pines 
The hOlpllallty peopM 01 ITT 

The UCSD Guardian 

SETH SLATER, Editor Ifl ChU{ 

Memories 
Continued from .,.. 4 
that shines from the star in the 
University of Califomia insignia; 
rruly as has been said: ". . . the 
light which puts out our eyes is 
daItness to us • •. the sun is but a 
morning star." May the reader 
indulge me to cite just one ex-
amp&eofthisman'snobleefforts? 

After all, Nicholas, it was you 
who helped to tum a simple pri-
vacy rights violation that could 
have been redeemed by a few 
cbanges to the UCSD regulations 
into • major headache for the 
University, resulting in frustration 
to the point of exasperation for 
many. You were exceedingly 
faithful in answering every one of 
my letters and helping each one of 
us to accumulate some 1.330 pages 

Monday, October 2, 1989 

of correspondence on this issue. 
You perservered through some 

three secretaries and two offices (I 
was always suspicious that you 
moved into the larger office just to 
have room to house all of my 
hearing records). It was you who 
saw to it that the integrity of the 
University be defended to the tune 
of probably costing the campus, 
in staff and personnel time de-
voted to correspondence and . 
administrative hearings over this 
issue. what Chancellor Atkinson 
has speculated to the effect: "What 
has this already cost us . . . forty, 
fifty, sixty thousand dollars?" 

And, yes Nicholas, it is you 
who now still maintain that the 
campus policy "PPM 160-2" was. 
and is, formulated justly without 
the need for student input 

See ADVOCATE, page 7 

DAVID WYNER, MGMlIIII EdiuJr 
AIIn'ON BI1TNEIl, Nnv. Editor 
CATHElUNE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, OpilliOtf EdUor 
ANDREA ADLEMAN, F«IltInI EdiuJr 
DANA CHAIKEN, AuociaIe Sports EdiIlJr 
JAMES COLLIER. ProdllctiOtf M_, U 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Edi/Dr 

SIIoIf wriIen: Cyndoia c.mbell. 0uUIina Huiur. Muy Betty HeInl. Julie 
Holmier. Adorn Lev i. Motdecai PwIh. Audrey Lyn Willlele,. SIbrinI 
V_ 
,...., ...... I! J ...... CoWer. Fnnt Lum 
r..._1! Rid< FonI. Mel MItc:elo 
T1JIIob: t..ny B ....... h. Leorc Lob. lim Mullin ... J ..... SneU. Kari Bicl<ea 
C.yltnden: Ole, Huffs1uaer. Julie Puzon, Diane Rladon. Jeaie Sprineer 

~: Suo Olen. Melinclo Hamillan 

TIle UCSD G_iJ I".IIII_...-y, .... _yoduri.' dIe........,_ 
byoodlot " '-oWCSO. R .............. of ..... __ Io .. y 'onn,""""'l0 

PHIL GRVEN, Sports Edilor 
PAlTY JETIlE, Ans Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associou PholO EdiIO, 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associo/~ Hkmu Edi/or 
JEFF QUAN, Grapllics Edi/or 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo EdilO' 
LARRY WEINTRAUB, Music AssillllMnl Monol U 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advmisinl Manog~, 
BOB DeANDREA. BusiMSS MOllOle, 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advtrtising iHsigMr 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, Classified MOllOger 

Conllratu{ations 

........ "' ...... wl_,...,u.Ioo Is _y proIIibHod. e>l9l9. 111 "IhU--
TIIe~ I .... ~ .... lot ........ ofun.olich"d ..... us<ripsOtut. 1110 vIews._ .... "' .....-. ood .... -.. .. .............n.do_.-..riIy..,... 

... tdleoploioosofTlleG_ . .... UoIvenlcyofCali/ornlaortlocA .. OtWcd-.. 
of UCSD. Views .""",oed In ..,.;,nod editorial. _ftC I majority opinion 0( .... 
G __ editorialboonl <OMiJtI .. 0( the _ in Chief • ......,;., editor . ...... -. 
.... opinioft editor. 

GUAKIJIAN 

To%e 

runiversity 13oo~tore 
On fJ'lie 'Dedication 

Of tyour ~w J'aci{ityf 
UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

Price Center . Siudent Center 

u c s o 

Monday, October 2,1989 

Advocate 
Continued from page 6 

It was your resourcefulness, 
Nicholas, which led you to formu-
late your position that students 
whose privacy rights were vio-
lated were not entitled to a hearing 
by a committee. 

You say that the matter is out of 
your hands since it is "mandated," 
even though, after repeated re-
quests on my pan, you cannot 
produce a single document or let-
ter from the Office of the Presi-
denl supponing such a mandate, 
but you do have a letter dated 
January of 1988 from Mary Beth 
Snyder, of that office. indicating 
that it was you who initiated the 
request to eliminate the option of 
a hearing committee and not the 
Office of the President. 

Nick. you have even caused 
me to take a vacation from my 
retirement as student advocate to 
call the Department of Education 
to request a letter telling you that 
there is no mandate in the law that 
says fERP A grievance hearings 
cannot be heard by a student c0m-
mittee. 

Knowing you wen, Nicholas, I 
l1li sure that even IMICh a letter will 
DOt deter you nor chqe your 
Blind, as you know full well the 
vulnerability of the campus and 
the lack of bias which would exist 
in. student committee u opposed 
to an appointed UCSD official 
nominated to hear FERPA Jriev-
ances. Although you defend a 
mandate that. hearing officeronly 
is required, you also say the UCSD 
administration (not the student) 
may appoint a committee to hear 
such a grievance as they see nec-
essary. Have you not contradicted 
yourself? Nick. lowe to you my 
success. as you are truly a man 
who cannot look yourself in the 
mirror and say to yourself "[ am 
wrong." 

The drama continues to unfold. 
It remains to be seen what action, 
if any, the A.S. will take in this 
matter. Last year, after [ almost 
single-handedly forced the UCSD 
administration to form a commit-
tee to review the olber (non-
FERPA related) campus student 
policies. the A.S. rewarded my 
efforts by refusing to appoint me 
to the committee. 

Among the reasons they gave 
me for this were: "You did not fill 
out an application to be on the 
committee" (even thouah [ was 
appointed to another committee 
without filling out an applicatioh 
for it) and "you might be biased' 
(against the administration? why 
would they think that?). So you 
see folks, things are out of my 
hands now! [ can only hope that 
some enterprising soul in the A.S. 
will look into the issues I have 
spoken about above and find it in 
themselves to speak out and de-
fend student rights. And 011 yes, 
again Nick, it has been my pleas-
ure working with you! 

Iar4·A .... Fl .... 

The au.dIM~ IIIIn from 
1WInII.1cIIy ...... 0IIIp ycu 
ItIW tJr !hi ~oIbI (II lilt Old 

~c.nw ........ A.s. o4bI 
UIId 10 btl 111 II1II 110 Opiion EdIOf. 
The ~ l.CSO ~l'.lII JoIa. CA 
92093. L-.1hoUd be Iyped, double-
IPIC8d Ind IhoUd Indudt alignalure 
and phonIllUI'NIaI. W. rtIIM me ngh4 
10 edllI1Iers 101 .... cIIn1y. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Commuter 
Student 

Fair 

Twenty-Five Student Services 

OPINION 7 

Information • 
Band. 

Raffle • 
Food • 

Fun • 

Wednesday 
October 4, 1989 
11 :00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. 

R 

Revelle Plaza 

"'fum extra PQtmds into 
extra energy at Diet Center" 

SlIM" Salltljll_es, (lc/l "C's.~. 1I/1i1/H!r(///( / n i l'l C'ellll'r Slltu'SS sIIiIT 
The most amazing Ih ing 
t<) Ill<.' al)( lUt Ill(.' Dil't CL·I1II..·r 
pn )gram is thl' I rl ·m<.:n<..!1 ) 1I~ 
l'11l.' Q.,'Y yl ll\ h a \'l' \\'h i I<.: \ I Hlh ' 

l o~ing w<.:ighl . ) illl fl'd li~l' 
~ I III can tI\, :I l1niling. 

H l lflt /fl ./I " III,\( n l It ),' (.,,) Ix Jl llul, owl 
/.,., I~"/III "lUi " ' I/on,' 1<,(/1 

Losefat. not muscle. 
Ik,~\..· ; l rch ~IH )\\'~ ().!% I,f ti ll..' 
\\ I..· ighl II )~I 1) 11 Ih\..· I ) il.." l ( :1..'1111..'[" 
p r()gr;l111 b l ' 'I;l"l'S:- 1:11. 11('1 W;Ill'r 
t>r 11.' ;11 1 111 lth 111 as,~ . 
Eat realfOod. () 1..' 'I; pl..'il' .. i " 1..' 
prqxlc kl) .. Wd 1111..·a l:- rl·qll i rl· ~1. 
Getfast results. EIK·rgl /.l · 
\ Illl I' hOlh- \\ hill" Pi 'lInd:- ;Ind 
il1d1L':- 111~' h ; I\\a~ . 

Diet 
October Special 

IABY FAT TESTING 
at no additional charge 

3202 Governor Dr. #204 • 587-1775 
Big Bear Shopping Center at Governor & Regents 



8 The UCSD Guardian 

- Paid Advertisement _ 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
R!SC; "Aldglly Incllotd Ski Club of UCSp" announces its first meeting on Wednesday, October 4th at 8:00 
p.m. in TLH 107. There will be a slide show and information about all of our activities will be handed out. All skiers 
and non-skiers are welcome to attend. 

Come loin the new Undtrgntdyatt Tbtatre Club, Find out about it all at our first meeting on Wednesday, 
Sept. 27th in the Basement of Galbraith Hall 0126. 

Tbt Watt ... ,,, Club will be having an organizational meeting Wednesday, October 4th from 6:00-7:00 p.m. in 
HSS 2321 . For more info call Grad at 546-9207. Ski Team meeting to follow I 

UCSD International Club. Interested in Ieaming about international exchange and meeting people from all 
over the world? UCSD Intemational Club invites you to join our club and do the above through cultural. 
educational and social activities. Interested? Well, come to our meeting on Tuesday at 6:30 at the Intemational 
Club and see what we are all about. See the world through the I·Clubl 

Revelle Freshmen: Interested in becoming involv'ed with student govemment? Revelle College Council is now 
accepting applications for 1989-90 committee appointments for RCC Freshmen Rep., A.S. Freshmen Senator. 
Applications are due by Friday Oct 6th and may be picked up atthe Revelle Dean's Office. Apply today and have 
one of your best years at UCSD. 

SANPPAC; Are you interested in the political arena? Become involved in national pro-Israel activism here at 
UCSDI Join SANDPAC, the San Diego Public Affairs Committee. Come to our first meeting Tuesday, Oct. 3rd 
at 7:30 pm in the Price Center Conference Room #8. For more info call Dana at 452·6260. 

Student Advocates 
For Undergraduate 
Diversity Program: 

This Program is designed for 
Students from UCSD to 
volunteer as Students Advocate 
to go to selected high schools, 
junior high chools and 
community colleges to 

I motivate underrepresented 
students for college. For more 
info contact Pauline Liang at 
534-4450 or come by the A.S. 
Office and fill out an 
application! 

EXTERNAL 
AFFAIRS NEEDS 

YOU!!! 
Comminee positions open for 
Universi ty of California 
Student Association: 

·Council on Affirmative 
Action 

·Employee Relations 
Coordinator 

COME & GET 
INVOLVED! 

UCSA Leadership Conference 
at UCLA on October 14th & 
15th. Come leam leadership 
sk.ills & network with students 
from other UC campuses. For 
more info. contact P the A.S. 
Office at ext. 44450! 

LOGO CONTEST: 
Assorted Vinyl needs a LOGO that fits our 

new Identity! Prizes will be awarded for 
the LOGO chosen? Submit entries to 
Assorted Vinyl in the Price Center by 

October 15th! 

Campus Recreation and 
University Events & Student Activities 

present: 

fall 
festival 

on the green 

Featuring: 
student organization Information, 

food and funl 

Stage Performances and Demonstrations 
from the Student Organizations 

Groups Interested In seiling food 
must sign-up by 

Thursday, September 28th at 4:00 p.m. 

AS PROGRAMMING 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A{onday,~ober2,1989 

THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS NEEDS 
YOU TO GET INVOLYED! 

We have various campus-wide comminees as well as internal A.S. 
Committees and Boards that need studenl representation. You can 
make the difference! Come to that A.S. Office located in the Price 
Center, 3rd Floor and fill out an application! THE A.S. WANTS 
YOU TO GET INVObVED! 

Student Organization Registration Ses· 
slons will be in the Price Center Ballroom: 

Mon. Tues. Wed. Thurs. Frt. 

Sept. 27 
12-2:00 

Oct. 5 
12·2:00 

Oct. 12 
6 ·8:00pn 

De sure to pick up your reglstrallon fonns and 
complete them before you attend a Reglstrallon Ses· 
sion. The forms are available In the Student Organi· 
zations OlTice. Price Center. Room 3.321. Third Floor. 

Remember: To be an offiCially recognized student 
organizallon for Fall Quarter and to receive your Fall 
A.S. funds . you mu st be registered byFIiday . October 
13. 1989. Call Mary Allen at X44083 for more info. 

: TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT : 
• EVENTS • 
: CALL THE A.S, EVENTS HOTLINE 534-4833! : 

AS SOR T ED 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE EVENT 
¥ The Swans ¥ 

Oct. 2, 8 PM 
Price Center Theatre 

You must have a ticket to get in the showl 
Get your free ticket at the Box Office in the 

Price Center! 

-

-

I L 

RECORDS" TAPES & C ~$ 
special order any item 

-domestics in four days or less 

The Tradition Continues: 
Low Prices. Special Orders. Buy & Sell Used Records & Tapes 

Located in the Price Center 
Hours: lOam - 7pm Monday- Friday 

1 2noon - 5pm Saturday 

Monday, October 2, 1989 

UPDATE 
Continued from Page 1 
first year students solely on the 
basis of academic criteria. These 
include grade point average, test 
scores, completion of honors or 
advanced-placement courses, and 
breadth and depth of academic 
courses completed. 

The guidelines also specify that 
the remaining first year students 
be selected on the basis of aca-
demic criteria as well as special 
talents, personal circumstances, 
ethnic identity, gender, and loca-
tion of residence. Currently all 
campuses take into consideration 
supplemental criteria, although 
methods of application and weight 
given to specific factors vary from 
campus to campus. 

"It is important to note," Frazer 
said, "that all students in this lat-
ter group are academically quali-
fied and oftCn are well above the 
minimum eligibility threshold in 
termsofGPA. courses completed 
and test scores. " 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

The followilll is a campus- live to major). 
by-campus summary of selec- RIVERSIDE: SS-60 percent 
tion criteria for first year appli- academic; 4O-4S percent aca-
cants. with examples of supple- demic and supplemental (talents, 
menial criteria in parentheses: demonstrating capacity for lead-

CONDOM: Effectiveness 
Against AIDS Questioned 

BERKELEY: SO percent ership. disabilities. refugee 
academic; SO percent academic status, age veteran-status; ethnic-
and supplemental criteria (in- ity, gender, residence). 
eluding re-entering or mature SAN DIEGO: 6Opercentaca-
students, socia-economic demic; 40 percent academic and 
status). supplemental (underrepresented 

DA VIS: 60 percent aca- ethnic minority, low income, 
demic; 40 percenl on academic community and institutional 
and supplemental (intended . service, special talents, disabili-
major, range of college prepara- ties, leadership. honors and 
tory courses, penonal acc:om- awards). 
plishments, special circum- SANTABARBARA: 60 per-
stances, ethnic identity, gender, cent academic; 40 percent aca-
residence). demic and supplemental (spe-

IRVINE: 60 percent aca- cial talents, interests or experi-
demic; 40 percent academic and eoces; special circumstances 
supplemental (demanding aca- . such as disabilities. low income. 
demic orientation, challenging and re-entry status;ethnicity and 
courses, creativity, pocential con- residence). 
tributions to campus and cul- SANTA CRUZ: 60 percent 
tural diversity, hardship condi- academic; 40 percent academic 
tions). and supplemental (special taI-

WS ANGELES: SO-6Oper- ents, demonstrating leadership. 
cent academic; 5040 percent excellence and contributions; 
academic and supplemental disabilities, family income, age. 
(ethnic minority, low income and refugee or veteran status; 
status. disabled condition, ~ underrepresented minority and 
cial talents. achievements rela- residence). 

"I don't want 
a lot of hype. 
1 just want 
something I 
can count 00." 

Continued from Page 1 

failure rate: six out of 2S report-
edly leaked the AIDS virus. 

According to the Los Angeles 
Tim~s, the researche~ at UCLA 
suggested that the FDA improve 
its condom-safety programs and 
test condoms off of store shelves 
rather than directly from fhe manu-
facturer. . 

The age of each indi vidual con-
dom also counts in its effe::tive-
ness against the AIDS virus. 1bc 
September 1989 "UC Berkeley 
WelJness Lener" suggests that 
consumers buy condoms from 
busy. reputable pharmacies and 
discard condoms that are dried-out 
or discolored. 

Dalynn Proffin. health edUCll-
tor at the UCSD Student Health 
Center, said condoms in on-cam-
pus dispensers are fresh because 
the manufacturer restocks the dis-
pensers on a regular basis. 

Proffitt suggested one cause of 
condom leakage not discussed in 

Some long distance 
companies promise you 
the moon, but what you 
really want is dependable, 
high· quality service. That's 
just what you'll get when 
you choose AmT Long 
Distance Service, at a cost 
that's a lot less than you 
think. You can expect low 
long distance rates, 24·hour 
operator assistance, clear 
connections and immediate 

. credit for wrong nwnbers. 
And the assurance thai 
virtually all of your calls will 
go through the first time. 
That's the genius of the 
A1m' Worldwide Intelligent 
Network. 

When it's time to 
choose, forget the gimmicks 
and make the intelligent 
choice- AlM . 

If you'd like to know 
more about our proctucts or 
'services, like International 
Calling and the Al&T Card, 
call us at 1 800 222·0300. 

e 
ATQ" 

The right choice. 

the Los Angeles Times article was 
lack of knowledge. 

"When you're using a condom. 
you have to know how to use it 
right. That's where we get into the 
breakage issue and the leakage 
issue. You have to know how to 
put it on correctly so it is effec-
tive," Proffitt said. 

Proffitt added that although the 
Health Centerdoes not recommend 
a particular brand of condom. 
"there is one condom we show in 
our educational programs, the 
Mentor. because it comes with an 
applicator. " 

However. Proffitt did strongly 
suggestthe use of any lubricator or 
spermicide that contained the sub-
stancenonoxynol-9. because it has 
been shown to kill the lilY virus. 

The Mentor brand condom, 
manufactured by Mentor Corp .• 
received the highest score after 
testing: 92.5 percent effectiveness. 
However, after the UCLA study 
was concluded, the distributor of 
Mentor condoms reportedly 
changed manufacturers, meaning 
the condom presently sold under 
the Mentor name may not be as 
effective as those tested. 

FINLAN 
Continued from Page 3 
ciples often do not result in great 
tangible rewards. The greatest 
reward plaintiff can hope to achieve 
is the benefit to the current and 
future student populations from 
changes in regulations generated 
by his crusade." 

Changes in campus regulations 
have resulted from Finlan's or-
deal. Unfortunately. Finlan said. 
those changes have not been for 
the better. 

"Since I filed my original com-
plaint, PPM 160-2 has undergone 
a revision. Unfortunately, there is 
no mention of a hearing commit-
tee, only a hearing officer and an 
undefined 'hearing body ... • 

According to Aguilar. the 
number and type of members that 

I would make up a hearing body will 
be determined on a case-by-case 
basis by the vice chancellor of 
undergraduate affairs. There is no 
guaranteed provisIon for student 
representatives or a person of the 
student's choice to sit on the hear-
ing body as was guaranteed in the 
UCSD Campus Regulations. 

"Right now. there is a commit-
tee formed by the A.S. that is re-
viewing campus regUlations. But 
despite my protest as student ad-
vocate and protest by the A.S. 
Council. [the PPM 160-2] has not 
been slated to be pait of this review 
process." Finlan said. 

According to Finlan, "Aguilar 
said in court that the privacy rights 
policies were being reviewed with 
student input, even though they 
weren't 

"In the past year I have seen 
many changes in campus regula-
tions that have benefited students. 
I really believe we've made prog-
ress. In a sense, my case has been 
It test case. It is an example of how 
with persistence, students can force 
the University to comply with its 
own regulations. I'm not bitter. 
I'm optimistic. Hopefully, PPM 
160-2 will be reviewed .with stu-
dent input. Now it is up to the A.S. 
officers to ensure that this gets 
done." 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1989 

Features 
Concert Series Brings Music 'Thursdays on the Green' 
By RENEE LEWIS 
COnlributing Writer 

Music lovers at UCSD can now 
look forward to a new series of 
concerts called "Thursdays on the 
Green." 

The series, which began on Sept. 
21 with a concert by the local band 
Borracho y Loco, features a wide 
variety of musical anists. Those 
attending the free concerts at the 
Price Center Plaza on selected 
Thursdays from 4:00 to 6:00 p.m. 
will hear "everything from pro-
gressive rock and roll to Nigerian 
folk music to Salsa to Soca," said 
Jason Carbone, commissioner of 
the University Center Board and 
mastermind of the new concert 
series. 

The bands scheduled to play 
this quaner include 0.]. Ekemode 
and the Nigerian All Stars, The 
Slugs,The Campers, and Walking 
Wounded, whom Carbone de-
scribed as "a combination of Tracy 
Chapman. U2. [and] the Clash, but 
with Mex ican kinds of overtones ... 

The main reasons for the con-
certs, explained Carbone. are "to 
increase social activity on the 
campus and to provide an event 
whereby we can better utilize the 
facilities we have on campus and 
show students thatthe facilities we 
have are readily at their disposal." 

In addition, arranging concerts 
is "something I want to do, hope-
fully, when I graduate," said the 

fifth-year Muir senior. 
Carbone feels that the concert 

series will fill a need at UCSD for 
more music events that are de-
signed to appeal to the student 
population. . 

"To be quite frank," he ex-
plained. "I think that the majority 
of things that are programmed by 
University Events and Pop Events 
are things thal students, nine times 
out of 10, have no interest in, and . 
that's unfortunate. A lot of that 
stuff is geared toward the commu-
nity and geared toward the facuhy 
and staff of the University. 

"I think it's tragic that because 
there are people who work in Uni-
versity Events and Pop Events who 
are really trying to bring a lot of 
really good concerts that I think 
students would go to here," Car-
bone continued. 

He cited the lack of adequate 
campus facilities as an impediment 
to large concerts. "There were five 
or six concerts here last year that 
they lobbied very hard for. but the 
bottom line is that we don't have 
the proper facilities here. We re-
ally don't. We're a university of 
17,000, if you include graduates, 
and we really don't have a proper 
facility to put on a concert for,let's 
say. 5,000 people. 

"We don't have an amphithea-
ter, and we don' , have an events 
center. We have a gym .. . [in 
which] it' s like going to a concert 
in a shoe box. 

"In a lot of ways, UCSD is a 

I'IIoIe COUrIeIy of e .... I ... Record. 
Walking Wounded will strut its stuff on campus Oct. 12 as part 
of the 'Thursdays on the Green' concert series. 

PIIoto by EvaD Webeafeld 
Borrocho y Loco, a local group, performed on campus Sept. 21 during the first concert of the series. 
Four more concerts are scheduled this quarter. 

phenomenally great school, but 
then in a lot of other ways we're 
really backward. I'm trying to move 
forward," he said. 

Carbone cited room for many 
people to attend the events and the 
availability of refreshments as two 
reasons for locating the concerts at 
the Price Center. 

University Center 
Board (UCB) Com-
misioner Jason Car-
bone hopes that the 
concerts will increase 
social activity on cam-
pus. 

"We can fit a few thousand 
students in the Price Center," be 
said. "The way we have set up the 
stage, there's all the room in the 
courtyard, there are the walkways 
. . . on the second level that sur-
round the courtyard, and then 
there's that big grass lawn. 

"We're also working with all 
the vendors [in the Price Centerl," 
Carbone continued. "The Bull's 
Eye Tavern is having a pizza and 
beer sale during the concerts. Last 
week . . Tia MoOy' s had one of 
their drink purveyors out there 
giving out free drinks." 

Carbone, a media major, has 
been actively involved in govern-
mentat UCSDin recent years. Last 
year, he was the Muir College rep-
resentative to the University Cen-
ter Board. In the Associated Stu-
dents elections last spring, Car-
bone was elected commissionerof 
the University Center Board 
(UCB), which governs the Student 
Center, the Che Cafe, and the Price 
Center. The UCB also allocates 
the entire operating budget for all 
the facilities. 

Putting on these concerts is one 
way in which Carbone has fol-
lowed through with the promises 
he made during his campaign. The 

development of The Center Letter 
represents another implementation 
of a campaign promise. TIle Cen-
ter Letter is a monthly publication 
designed to inform students of the 
latest developments "in the Stu-
dent Center, with the cooperatives, 
the enterprises, as well as the Price 
Center and the Che." 

"I've been a student here for 
five years and I've seen A.S. poli-
tics for five years an4, to be quite 
franlt, I can't stand going to A.S. 
meetings, but I enjoy helping run 
all these facilities and I think, 
hopefully, that I'm making a dif-
ference. I campaigned under the 
premise thal these were things I 

was going to do and now I'm able 
to follow through on them. You 
don't see that happen too much in 
politics at this university." 

Carbone stated that he has a 
good working relationship with his 
co-workers in the University ad-
ministration. 

"I think we have the same basic 
overall goal and that'l to provide 
proper facilities and a nice envi-
ronment for the students. I think 
there are a lot of small details where 
we would differ, but that's why 
I'm elected by the students, so I 
can iron out those small details. 

"You're never going to see eye 
See CONCERTS, page 11 

Poster Depicts 'La 
Jolla - The Jewel of 
California' 
By JULIE HEIMLER 
Sta/fWriter 

T heRiviera . .. right here in 
Southern California. According to 
artist Joseph Levine, La JoUa is the 
American Riviera, as depicted in a 
poster of the city that he recently 
created. 

The 23" x 31" full color poster, 
entitled "La Jolla - The Jewel of 
California," was produced by Paul 
Shilling and published by RP ]0-
seph Associates, a Los Angeles-
based advertising and design 
company. 

Shilling, who works at the Salk 
Institute, researched La Jolla and 
chose landmarks and business 
establishments that he thought 
were representative of the city. 
Shilling raised money for the 
poster's production by asking 
businesses to sponsor it in ex-
change for having their establish-
ment s and telephone numbers on 

the poster. 
The poster, which is being sold 

by theUCSD Bookstore as well as 
stores in downtown La Jolla, sells 
for $4.75. In addition, there have 
been 100 posters signed by the 
artist, which sell for $50. 

Shilling believes that the 5000 
posters that have been printed so 
far will be popular among tourists, 
residents, and UCSD students. 

The poster shows suburban San 
Diego as far north as UCSD and as 
far south as Sea World, and also 
includes landmarks such as Mt. 
Soledad, the Mission Beach roller 
coaster and the La Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary An. 

Just below the large, yellow 
UCSD letters at the top of the 
poster are some of the university's 
most prominent features such as 
Central Library, the Sun God, and 
the Chargers' practice field. 

The poster is the fourth in a 
series of American Folk Art post-

See POSTER, Pille 14 

Monday, October 2,1989 The UCSD Guardian 

~Thursdays on 
the Green' 

Walking Wounded 
October 12 

0.1. Ekemode and 
• 

the Nigerian All-
Stars 

October 19 

The Campers 
November 2 

The Slugs 
November 16 

G.u JobmtIIGIMII'dUuI 
University Center Board Commissioner Jason Carbone initiated 
the 'Thursdays on the Green' concert series. 

• All concerts 
begin at 4 p.m.· 

Concerts 
Continued from pqe 10 
to eye with people who are going 
to be here for twenty, thirty, forty 
years. I'm here for five years and 
there's only so much I can do in 
five years. The administrators are 

"I'd like to see 
['Thursdays on the 
Green'] be some-
thing that happens 
forever. " 

Jason Carbone 

going to be here when my grand-
children are going to be here." 

As for the future of "Thursdays 
on the Green," Carbone hopes the 
series of concerts will be around 
for a long time. 

"I'd like to see' it be something 
that happens forever," he said. 
"Hopefully, it will be something 
we started and I'll come back five 
years later and there will still be 
Thursdays on the Green." 

For the moment, Carbone hopes 
students will "just pop down on the 
grass right there in the Price Center 
and enjoy some really good music 
for a few hours. ' 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLEI 
StJ«/lII Colkp 

Stutknt Pro,""" 
CALL US FIRST 

584-8400 
WESTLAND 

lIJI CamillO 
Del RIo Nortil 

"315 

.",,.,~,, ,,\,, 

~ou "',d 
a. ~\ .. ..,f,I/IAb 

-

WANTED: 
STUDENTS WISHING TO 

DEVELOP AND IMPROVE: 
• Strong leadership skills 
• Good speaking and 

presentation skills 

• Ability to think quickly 
and clearly on your feet 

• Self confidence 
TOASTMASTERS WANTS YOU! 

Visit V.C.S.D. Toastmaster's Student Club 
Every Tuesday 5:30 p.m . to 7:()() p.m .. Room Ill-A 

(Chancel/or s Complex) across from the Price Center. 
Anyone is welcome - No obligation. 

FEATURES 11 

Finally, 
A Laser-Quality Printer 

Macintosh Users 
Can Ca]] Their Own. 
Introducing The New Hewlett-Packard 

1----..... DeskWriter Printer 

. 

• First personal printer 
for Macintosh with 
laser- quality output 

.300 dpi resolution 
• Variety of fonts in 

unlimited sizes 
• Works with your 

Macintosh software 

Flin- HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

, Hewlett '"dt",d 
on (Jdobe,6 

du,ing COIItpUte, Week 
See: 

• HP persC)f1al computers 
and peripherals 

• Engineering workstations 
• Electronic instruments 

111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 

ENTER TO WlNI 
Free Desk Jet or 

Desk Writer printer 

__ --,-___ SIate ___ Zip __ _ 



INTERESTED IN JOINING A STUDENT ORGANIZATION? 
Take a look at the list below, 'and if you find any organizations that strike your fancy, fill out the 
fonn at the bottom of the page and bring it to the Fall Festival on the Green (FFOG), October 
6th, 11 :OOam-3pm on Urey Lawn 

EDUCATIONAL 

All Campus Commuter Board 
Amnesty Intemational at UCSD 

Animal Rights 
Association lor Computing Machinery 

Beyond War 
Black Graduate Studenl Organization (BGSO) 

Brewer's Club 
Citizens lor Service Workers 

Coalition lor Animals and 
Animal Research 

Committee lor World Democracy 
Ethics Club At UCSD 

Flying Fingers Sign Language Society 
Future Teachers Association 

Hard Core Professional Film Production 
Institute 01 Electrical andElectronic Engineering 

(IEEE) 
Lesbian and Gay Organization (LAOO) 
Organization 01 Students Interested In 

Latin America (OSILA) 
Pre-Denial Studenl Organization 

Pre-Entrepreneur Society 
Pre-Med Cllb at UCSD 

Rhythm Collective 
San Diego Biodiversity Project 

Soaring Club 
Society for Biotech Management 
Society of Hispanic Professional 

Engineers (SHPE) 
Speech and Debating Society 

Student AssocIation for Management (SAM) 
Student Cooperative Union's Studenl Rights 

Campaign 
Student National Medical Association 
Student Pugwash Chapter at UCSD 

Students Active Toward Community Health 
(SATCH) 

Students Encouraging Education and 
Development (SEED) 

Students for Aquaculture 
Students for Jackson 

Undergraduate Students as Future Entrepreneurs 
(UNSAFE) 

Unified Field Club 
University Toastmasters 

Women's Resource Center 
Young Investors Club 

ACADEMIC 
Alpha Kappa Psi 

American Chemical Society (ACS) 
American Institute of Aeronautics and 

Astronautics (AIM) 
American Society of Civil Engineers 

American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) 
Art Students League 

Association for Advanced Miaocomputer 
Technology 

Biological Sciences Research Society (BSRS) 
Biomedical Engineering Society 

Black Student Science Organization (BSSO) 
Communication Student Union (CSU) 

Course And Professor Evaluation (CAPE) 
Finance-in-Science Club 

Golden Key National Honor Society at UCSD 
Kruzhok: Russian Club 

Ute Sciences Student Organization (LSSO) 

Model United Nations (MUN) 
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) 

Pacific International Affairs 
Student Organization (PIASO) 

Philoi, Undergraduate Joumal of Philosophy 
Pre-Law Education Association 

Pre-Vet Club at UCSD 
Society of Art History Students at UCSD (SAHSHA) 

Society of PhysiCS Students 
Society of Women Engineers (SWE) 

Sociology Club 
Sports Medicine Academic Club (SMAC) 

Student Cognitive and Neuroscience Society 
Undergraduate Political Science Club 

Undergraduate Theatre Club 
Union 01 Classicists at UCSD 

Urban Studies and Planning Club 
POUTICAL 

College Republicans 
Committee in Solidarity with Palestine 

Democratic Club at UCSD 
Friends 01 Nicaraguan Culture at UCSD 

Israel Action Committee 
Ubertarian Party at UCSD 

N.O.R.M.L. - National Organization Relorm of 
Marijuana Law 

SANDPAC - San Diego Public Affairs Committee 
Union 01 Student Activists 

Voters for the Democratic Ticket 
Young Americans for Freedo 

SOCIAL 
_Dark Star 

Help One Person to Eat - H.O.P.E. 
Indonesian Student Association 

Inter-College Residence 
Hall Association 

Lost In the Fifties (UF) 
Ma-John Club 

Malaysian-Singaporean 
Student Association 

Nikkei Student Union 
00 Yacht Club 

San Diego Go Club 
Society for Creative Anachronisms at UCSD 

Students for a Democratic Education 
Triton Hot Tub 
Triton Waves 

MEDIA 
Abbdalbbs 

Alternative VISions 
Birdcage Review (BCA) 

California Review 
EastIWest Horizons 
The UCSD Guardian 

Ink and Steel 
The Koala 

KSDT Radio 
L'Chayim 

new indicator 
People's Voice Newspaper 
Students for Better Radio 
Triton Yearbook 01 UCSD 

VOl Fronteriza 
We The People of UCSD 

CImpus RecrutIon aubI BIB physicaIy 
orient8d dubs wfIOS8 WNIdy activities require the 

use of Campus R8crBBtion faciIti8s and BqUipmBnt. 
Aoinagi Karate at UCSD 

Aerobics Team 
Archery Club 

Badminton Club 
Cheerleading Organization at UCSD 

Cricket Club 
Flip San Diego Gymnastics 

Foil Dance Club 
Hwa Aang Do (Martial Arts of UCSD) 

Ice Hockey Club 
Japan Karate-Do Organization 

Juggling Cllb 
Kung Fu Club (Kuan Chuan Fa) 

Martial Arts Council 
Racquetball Cllb 

Ready to Slved (RTS) Skateboard Club 
SabaCllb 

Snow Ski Club 
Tennis Club of UCSD 

Volleyball Player's International 
Waterski Club at UCSD 

Wilderness Club 
Windsurfing Cllb 

1AIIu .. RIcfeItIon Clubs BIB clubs whose 
primary ~ is f8CfIJ8tion8I and do not fflquire 
regular use of C8rrpus RtlCfNtion facilities or 

equfxnent. 
Adventurers Guild 

Ballroom Dance Cllb 
Chess Club 
Flying Club 

Knee Dragging Scofflaws 
La Jolla Sportfishing Association 

Lazar Tag Club 
Paintball Cllb 

Pep Band 
Photon Players Association 

Students Tempted by Adventure, Fame and Fortune 
Triton Wargaming Society 

Sports Clubs are physically oriented clubs 
that exist primarily for the purpose of extramural 

competition against other universities or dubs and 
workout on a regular basis to achieve a competitive 

goal. 
Cycling Team at UCSD 
Men's Lacrosse Team 

Rugby Cllb 
Sail Team 

Snow Ski Racing Team 
Sports Club Council 
Surf Cllb of UCSD 
Triton Swim Club 
Ultimate Disc Club 

Women's Lacrosse Team 

CULTURAL 
African American Student Union (AASU) 

American and Japanese Cross-Cultural Society 
Armerian Student OrganizatiOn 

AsianIPacific Islander Student Alliance 
Chilese Student and Scholar Association 

Chinese Student Association 
CulturaiitaliarVAmerican 0rgaraaIi0n (CIAO) 

French Cllb 

German Club 
Hawaii Cllb 

Hong Kong Student Association (H.K.S.A.) 
International Club 
Kaibigang Pilipino 
Korean American-

Student Association (KASA) 
MEChA - Movimiento Estudianpl-

Chicano de Az\Ian 
Noctadh - Celtic Historical Society 

Persian Club 
Revelle Third World AI~ance 

Royal Brotherhood 01 Excellence (RBE) 
Sangam,lndian Club 

Spanish Club 
Union of Jewish Students 

Vedic Cultural Society 
VI8Inamese Student Association (VSA) 

co-oPS 
Checafe 

Computer Science cO-op 
Food Co-op 

General Store Co-op 
Groundwork Books 

Organic Farming Co-op 

SORORmESlFRATERNTlES 
Sorprjtjes 

Alpha Omicron Pi 
Delta Delta Delta 

Delta Ganvna 
Delta Sigma Theta 

Kappa Kappa Gamma 
Panhellenic 
Pi Beta Phi 

Sigma Kappa 

Fratemities 
Alpha Phi Alpha 

Beta Theta Pi 
Delta Sigma Phi 
Delta Tau Delta 

Inter-Fraternity Council 
Omega Psi Phi 
Phi Delta Theta 

Phi Kappa Theta 
Pi Kappa Phi 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon 
Sigma Alpha Mu 
Sigma Chi Alpha 

Sigma Nu 
Sigma Phi Epsilon 

Sigma Pi 
Tau Kappa Epsilon 

Zeta Beta Tau 

----~------------------------------------------------
STUDENT ORGANIZA TION INTEREST FORM 
I'm intersted In the 
following organizations: 
1 .. __________________ _ 
2., _________ _ 
3. ________ _ 
4 .. _________ _ 

Name. ______________________________ ___ 
Home Address. ___________ _ 
City _________ ---:Zlp. ____ _ 
School Address, ___________ __ 
City __________ Zip. ____ _ 
Phone Best time to call _____ _ 

Monday, October 2, 1989 

'New Paternalism' on 
College Campuses 

(NSNS)-Students at schools 
across the country are struggling 
to hold onto hard-won freedoms 
in the areas of residential life and 
expression. 1llese freedoms are 
coming under increasing fire by 
what some student leaders and 
observers of higher education call 
a "new paternalism" among col-
lege and university administrators. 

Over the last year, reports of 
administration censorship of the 
student media have increased 
dramatically. Hundreds of schools 

have imposed restrictive new alco-
hol policies and, in an about-face 
from policies developed in the 
1960s and 1 970s, colleges and 
universities are adopting policies 
restricting overnight visits by 
guests of the opposite sex. 

"It's going to be an increasing 
trend on university campuses," said 
Thomas Goldstein, executive di-
rector of the American Associa-
tion of University Students 
(AAUS), about these events. 

Juliane Marley, president of the 

The UCSD Guardian 
United States Student Association, 
agrees that, "it's a return to an idea 
that was in practice 30 years ago-
in loco parentis, the university 
should fulfill the role of the par-
ent." This trend, Marley stresses, 
"is something to watch closely" as 
an important indicator of the cam-
pus climate students will face in 
the '90s. 

Student response to the trend is 
evolving slowly, according to re-
ports from student editors around 
the country. But some tactics may 
be working better than others. 

See related story on 
alcohol consumption, 
page 14 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES AND FMM W ELCOMES 
ICIFM ge.1 ~ ___ -.., 

. 

// .. 
. r JEEPY TOUR ~uMS 

.. TRlq..,.o . It()llRl ~~l - 8A~S • Jtff .. ,.~ ... Wltl~ -
WIlli tu""" lC.IRI'-W'O ' OcrOBER 4, WEO, 7 & 10 P.M. 

MANDEVlUf AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $16.00, SlUDfNTS $13.00 

UCSD FACjSWf & SR. CIT. $ 14.00 

The home of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

1 1 NJ U~'[)OlltJ/~m 
-' ~ &£lou-

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I ....... _~--------------------

---ALLAMEruCAN-MEAL--- ~ 
II 
II 

Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry, 
Medil n-Size Soft Drink 

II Limit one coupon per II customer. pel VIS,' Please 
present coupon when II ordering. Not valid with 

~)~~~ 
--

FEATURES 13 

Associate Features Editor 
' If you're interested in having this 
prestigious title, call Andrea at 
534-6581 

10% UCSD STUDENT DISCOUNT 
"'hh ""."11.0. 

PRO-TECH W ALL AUTO REPAIRS 
MIRAMAR UIOCAl 78 SERVICE CEIlER 

572fi MIIWIAR RD 
SAlIIiEGO. CA 92121 

INCLUDING: 
• TUNE-UP • BRAKES 
• SMOG J619t 45H716 MOil: SA I. 8111·5pm • ALIGNMENT 

--------------------------: COMPUTER SPIN BALANCE : 
: AND ROTATION$1400 : 
I 5001 OFF RtgJ18 I I 10 Mw, ",_"/ cOupDII. • I L _________________________ ~ 

' . ) \ x ~ ~ . , Now featuring fresh bre'Wed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

• f" 
.) 

hot chocolate! 
HOURS: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs.; 
11-11 Sat.; 12-10:30 Sun. 
lot JOI.1A COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
( in Von's Shopping Center) 

-.-

L 
\ . . 

•• '\ A 

-

. 

: ----CAppucciNOr--- ! 
I BUY A SMAlL MEDIUM. OR LARGE FROZEN YOGURT I 
I AND GET A DELICIOUS CAPPUCCINO DRINK FREE_ I 
II Void with any other offer. Toppings not Included, I One coupon per customer. Expires 10/8/89. .. 

~--------------------------
OFF 
any purchase over 58.00, all 
year round, all times except Sundays 
9am-2pm. Ptease show student I. D. 
No coupon required. 

"Where starving artists meet starving students" 
LIVE MUSIC ON THE PATIO EVERY WED.-SAT. EVENING 

KIRBY'S CAFE 
BREAKFAST. LUNCH. DINNER 

215 FIFTEENTH ST .• DEL MAR 
OPEN 7:30 am-10 pm 
619/481-1001 

• SELf SEJMCE COPtERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 
• Free PIIf1cinS • Book 8jnding 
• Copies while you welt 

HONrs: M-Th 8:30-6:30, Fri. 8:»6, 
Set 1 ~ • 3211 Holiday Court 

La JoIIe next to Sl Gm!1ein's 

451-9949 

~ 
. 

J f Inn ,iI 
• Dtl M'r •• " 

• Ihr .. ., S , 
~Ite I 

! 



14 FEATURES 

We're Open 
MON.-SAT. 10-9 
SUN. 11-7 
at 
SiS First St. 
Encinitas 943~041 
and 
6136 EI Cajon Blvd. 
265-0507 

THE COOLEST OF COOL SOUNDS! 
_Us .!oMs BOng " On Down (Imp 
12') 
Kateaulh Sensual World (Imp. 12". 
CD) 
_us and Mary Chain Blues From a 
Gun (Import 12". 7") 
Prlmltlvel Secrets (Imp 12") 
leall For Feall Seeds 0/ LOII9 (LP) 
Hoodoo cPUIUI Cum Anytime (12" & 
Pic Disc) 
t.52'. Channel 2 (Ir.1p 12") 

Big ..... dlo Dynamite MegatOP 
PhoenIX (LP) 
Depeche Mode Personal Jesus (Imp 
RemIX & CD3") 
DAD. No Fuel Left For The Pilgrims (LP) 
AerOimith Pump (LP) 
Prince Party Mon (PIc Disc) 
Nina Hagen Nino Hagen (LP) 
Jetul lizard Pure (LP) 
7 SecOndI SouHorce Revolution (LP) 
HI Singin' In The Heat (LP) 

SUgaleubes Hate Today, Tomonow, Pankow Freedom For The Slaves 
Next Week' (LP) KMfDM UAlOE (LP) 
AeIh For lulu Plastic fantastic (LP) Pap WIll Eat IIMIf Very Metal NOise 
lob Dylan Oh Matey (LP) Pollution ( 12") 
JelhIO lull Rock Island (LP) CUle Love Song (bo~ set) 
ALSO 1990 CALENDARS IN STOCK. CASH PAID FOR ALBUMS, 

CASSETTES. 451, VIDEOS I CD. 

The UCSD Guardian 

G.II Jw.-IGlMlrdian 
Paul Shilling hopes that the poster reveals that "La Jolla is ... fun 
and there are a lot of things happening here." 

U\I\IHSITY 

BOOKSTORE 

-~ .~ 
~ 

Mactober 
Fest '89 

Hands-On Demonstrations 

Prizes 

Drawings ... 

New Products! 

III \!()\S I R.\ //()\S In 

Apple 
Aldus 
IDD 

Informix 
Schumberger 

VersaCAD 
WordPerfect 

and others ...... . 

October 3, 1989 
10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
University B~okstore 

Computer Center 

Monday, October 2, 1989 

Poster 
Continued from page 10 
ers that Shilling has created; the 
others are of the cities of Escon-
dido. Fallbrook. and Hanford. 
California. 

Shilling hopes to communicate 
the message that "La 10lla is a 
good place to be ... , It·s fun and 
there are a lot of things happening 
here." Heexplained that this poster 
is much brighterthan the previous 
ones; trees are painted surrealisti-
cally in colorful shades of blue. 
purple, and red, "almost like Can-
dyland." 

Of the four posters. Shilling 
believes this one was Ihe mosl 
challenging to create because it 
was the hardest 10 get businesses 
to sponsor. He claims businesses 
were at first leery of sponsoring 
the effort because many establish-
menls in La Jolla are targeted by 
questionable entrepeneurs who 
want to show offbeautiful LaJoUa 
in their latest creations. 

Crackdown 
on Beer 
in Dorms 
Nationwide 

(NSNS) - In a clear indica-
tion of the national trend toward 
paternalism, a survey conducted 
by researchers at George Mason 
University and West Chester Uni-
versity shows that the number of 
colleges allowing beer in dormi-
tory rooms dropped by 13 percent 
between 1985 and 1988 (from 71 
percent to 58 percent). 

West Chester University re-
searcher Anttelo Gadeleto said the 
survey shows a "clear, strong 
trend" among colleges to'ward 
adopting tougher alcohol-abuse 
policies. While the number of 
institutions that allow sludents to 
consume alcohol on campus has 
not changed significantly since 
the study was first conducted in 
1979, " colleges appear to be re-
ducing the alcohol allowed in 
dorrnitory rooms and hallways and 
increasingly allowing it in student 
unions and places where it can be 
controlled," according to 
Gadeleto. 

Student leaders agree that al-
cohol abuse is a serious problem 
that needs to be addressed, as-
serted Jonathan Darnell, director 
of the Student Empowerment 
Training Project (SET), a national 
training program for student gov-
ernment leaders. However, Dar-
nell said. many also have opposed 
- quietly and unsuccessfully -
particularly stringent administra-
tion regulations on student alco-
hol consumption. 

"They realize it's bad policy 
and ineffective," Darnell said. 
"These restrictions only force 
drinking off-campus or under-
ground, and it 's a s tep backward 
for administrators to usc their au-
thority as if they were the stu-
dents' parents, However, students 
have usually been unable to resist 
the regulations because of the lack 
of a credible alternative," 

ON FRIDAY, 
OCTOBER 6, 
CELEBRATE ••• 

FALL 
FESTIVAL 
ON THE GREEN 
UREYLAWN 
10AM-2PM 

Featuring student organizations information, food 
and fun. Stop by to get informed and get involved! 
University Events & 
Student Activities I!P .. UCSD ~ Campus R.ereatlon 

IL IT CGr IHI 1r IE N 
THE 

LOAD 
~ ~ o 

WITH A 
STUDENT 
LOAN 
-FAST 
-LOCAL 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
If you need special help, we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento, We're here and 
we help. 

FREE CREDIT UNION MEMBERSHIPI 
We waive your membership fee 

and you enjoy outstanding financial services 
from any of 22 countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 
Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

546-2063 
or ask your Financial Aid Department 

L~ 
Missioo Federal Credit Union 

Sf. RiliNG THE E DUCA TtOIW. COMMUNITV 

Miuion Fede,"1 ill $]65 milUon cr .... " ullion which h ......... ed me cduCltiOlllI communny 01 S .. Di"l0 
County for more thon I qUina centUS)'. IUIeI. \emI •• condition •• and savic:eo lubject 10 eh .... e. 

Health and Fitness 
Begin With 

Quality Health Care. 
Planned 

Parenthood 
oHers 

• Routine gynecological 
exams 

• Pap smears 
• Breast exams 
• Testing & treatment of 

sexually transmitted 
diseases 

• Contraceptive services 
• Pregnancy tests 
• Prenatal care 
• Abortion care 

Stay healthy with 
...... aed Parellthood 

- Convenient hours - Affordable prices. 10 locations 

CALL 
231-6760 

for the office nearest you 

Planned Parenthood 
offering women-centered 
health care for more than 

twenty-five years 

The 
best 
cleal 

all year! 
Celebrate tbe U"lverslty Booluwre's dedkatlo~ 

and we'll develop your roU oj color JUmfor $1.991 

Dedication Celebration Special 
October 2 .. 6 

Any roll double prints 
$1.99 

Choice of 3 .. inch standard 
or 4 x 6 prints 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Hours: 
Monday-frld~ 7 a.m.-II p.m. 

Saturaay 9:3"0 a.m.-II p.m. 
Sunday 9:30 a.m.-7 p.m. 

l '\I\'f'P T;Y ,l\~ •• I 
--

LJ£-:-S( J 

• 



16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, Ocotbcr 2, 1989 

OASIS has new space and 
expanded services 
Fall Quarter Services Begin on October 2 

Before Calculus Proi:ram* 
1058 Galbraith Hall, MAAC 201 

534,3760 
Study Groups in pre,calculus and 

Math 1,A, , B, ,C. 
Lani:Uai:e Proi:ram 

New Location 
Student Center Building A 

534,2284 
Individual and group assistance with foreign 
languages and English as a Second Language. 

Writin~ Center 
New Location 

Student Center Building A 
534,2284 

Individual and group assistance with 
writing assignments. 

Scholars' Writin~ Workshop* 
USB 4070 
534,7344 

Assistance in developing computer literacy 
using personal or academic writing. 

Readini: and Study Skills Pro~ram 
New Location 

USB 4010 
534,7344 

Workshops and individual assistance in 
developing college level academic skills. 

The OASIS Under~ound 
GH 1254 
534,2280 

Drop,in assistance, small,group tutoring 
and study tables for lower division math, 
science, engineering, computer science, 

and economics courses. 

The Academic Success Pro~ram 
Third College Dining Commons Room 102 

534,7344 
Peer counseling for first, year SAA students. 

*Priority given to SAA students but others may be accommodated. 

COMING SOON 
THE OASIS ANNEX 

MAAC 201 (Old Bookstore) 
Open 24 hours 

Group study and quiet study areas, academic computer terminals available 

Whatever your academic goals are for this year, we want to help you 

The Office of Academic Support and Instructional Services 

OASIS 

Monday, October 2,1989 

In the Bleachers 

". 'NELL, ~W lHE. 
UNEBDCKE.R IS 

fU~HING CUT 

by Steve Moore 

lHE CENTER ~ELDE}\ . 
rANG. THESE 

CMRLAPPING ~~! 

Welcome to the 
new pledges 01 ' 
Kappa Kappa Gammal 

Christine Abernathy 
Rebekka Adams 
Julie Allyne 
Branden Bames 
Donna Bertlz 
Jennifer Buckles 
Missy Bynum 
Marrtmac Caple 
Renee Chambliss 
SuzyChol 
Christina Coates 
Chamy Cooper 
Elena Donlo 
Sherry Freudenberger 
Kart Gallagher 
Heidi Gray 
Mandy Guimond 
Tanya Hellemann 
Alyssa Henry 
Robynlnaba 
Carolyn Jones 
Pasha Kruplnske 
Cathy lehr 

Cristl Lux 
Amanda lynch 
Gina McLeod 
Erika Ostrander 
Michelle Page 
Alison Palmlotto 
Kim Pierce 
Stephanie Reid 
Gretchen Rhines 
Robin Rodlg 
Angela Rova 
Mona Saint 
Denise Scott 
Ellen Smller 
Julie Ann Smith 
·Chrlstina Thomas 
Paula Thomas 
Anna Thomsen 
Nancy Tretheway 
Julie Vargo 
Carla Wedner 
lisa Willet 

JP ce (Jl ecce § ftw ri111 (f ~ 
i100 JJ I1JlPl1JOOU U ~ 

UC Education Abroad Program 

at Meiji Gakuin University 

in Yokohama 

Spring Quarter 1990 

• Earn UC credit· 

• $2000 scholarship • 

• Application Deadline: October 13 • 

J"jortnt:ltfMt t.t flit ()ppD,.tU",tJ~s Abruad 01f1L:~ ,n tilt' lntfruatiol1oi Ct'nttr 
• H4-1123 • 

The: UCSD Guardian SPOllTS 17 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 value. First-time clients only.) 

·1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

Eyellows 
Upper lip 
Chin 

Underarms 
Blast 

Stomadl 
Bitilli li. 
FingllS 

LIIIS 
TOIS 

//\P 
\

1 v I. 
\ ',- ~ ~, ,,, , 

I I 
• 'I 

i J { ! , ~I/ ,1 / 
( .~ ~---y' 
~-~ 

• American Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

La Jona Village 
Profa.ion" eellter 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 

AT'" 1. -
= :J:)Jl:x:- SLEEP SHOPS 

Studio III BONUSI 
Versatile and 

affordable, expertly 
designed to convert 

from sofa to lounge to 
bed i ~ seconds. 

ALL THREE FU NCTIONS 
ONE LOW PR.lCE 

PRICE INCLUDES 
5-LAYER FUTON 

TWIN SIZE $149 
FULL SIZE $1 59 

QUEEN SIZE $169 
ALSO SPECIALIZING IN 

20% OFF 
FUTON COVER 

WHEN PURCHASED 
WITH FRAME AND 

FUTON. LARGE 
SELECTION. 

Large seleclion of 
select stock covers 

Watllbld sMpplles · Bean bats · mnt 119htlllll • Shoji screens ' Hammocks' Comfortm · ilItlu tlV! pil~ 
THE lEST PRICES ON THE LARGEST SELECTION OF QUALITY FUTONS AND FRAMES IN SAN OtEGO 

• 110 DAn lAME AI CAIN 
• FIUlall AVAIWLE 

• &ALE NlCEI MT VAlli II 
calJUICTIH WlTN ITNEI 

OFFERI 

IIORTH PARK PACIFIC BEACH 
1II1 URlvtfSlty 1453 Gar.t 

285-lI0II6 Z70-3880 
~ys lOam-7j1111 ~ys lOam·7pm 

MIRAMAR CHULA VISTA 
l1!iO 1lif3IUI 118 IrllillhAy 

~7373 ~70IO 
WIIIAys 10.·7"" Call store .. In 

SATUIIOAY 10 ~ III; SUlDAY 11 am·) PIlI 

'Ultunate 
.. "n··· 'G :~~~ 
-......... _ .. -.._-
.......... _---
•• M ........... _ ... 

"lAi~ 
Gi\APFliCS 

~et~at O/~ fPXb t.DCUid J/u:ndp. 
an,~~ hau.-ad C~fj«O~ 
ku;., ~ atc:#~ ~c1iM~. 

Men's Cuts .. ... ... J4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg: $21 .00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad 
With : Mlrlo, Jillou, or Debi 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Reg. $26.00 

OCEAN BEACH 
4811 W. PI L~ 

22~ 
WIeI;~ys lOam·7,," 

OCEANSIDE 
2211 EI C..llllllul 

721-6477 
WlKUyst1ant-1j1111 

Sat 11 ~ ,.. SII. 12·5 PIlI 



• 

How're you going to do it? 

Heeling/mm n>vi ,~i()m;! 

PS/2 it! 
Come to the Fair and ave on the IBM PS/2. 

See IBM on campus! 
October 3 - Gallery A, Price Center 
October 4 - University Bookstore Comp.uter Center 

UNI\TERSITY 
-

BOOKSTORE 

Computer Center 
534·4291 

-

IBM salutes the University Bookstore 
during their dedication celebration 

Register to win a ,. ee compact disk 
player. 

==-=::<11 
- ----
---
-- ---
- -----
------~- . -

IBM Hotiline 587-5009 

Monday, October 2, 1989 

w. V-BALL 
Continued rrom pap! 28 
facets of the game - especially in 
the backcourt - the Tritons man-
aged only four points and made the 
Panthers seem invincible. 

TIle Tritons were able to come 
back from their second game dor-
mancy with an excellentthird game 
effort. They passed well, pressured 
the Panthers into committing mis-
takes, and controlled the game from 
the outset en route to a IS-II vic-
tory. 

However. the Tritons dropped 
back to their second game form by 
spotting Chapman a 13-4 lead in 
the fourth game before decidng to 
make a contest of it. Despite a 
strong comeback attempt, they 
could not overcome the early defi-
cit and dropped the last game and 
the match. 15-12. 

The Tritons' play has been s0me-
what frustrating for UCSD Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik. 

"TIle second game has been 
consistent with the way we've 
played for about half of every 
game," he said. "We can play great 
volleyball at times but then we 
come back and play the way we did 
in the second game when we don't 
make any plays at all." 

Against La Veroc, tile Tritons 
played some greBi volleyball... but 
they also played some not-so-great 
volleyball. 

They started slowly and 
struggled to a 15-10 win in the first 
game. Then, they fell back into 
their inconsistent mode, making 
,umerous errors and allowing the 

Leopards to steal the next two 
games. 

TIle Tritons dropped the second 
game IS-10, and fell behind 13-7 
in the third game before regroup-
ing. They managed to recover and 
tie the score at I:! before losing the 
final two points to trail 2-1 in the 
match. 

At this point the Tritons were 
once again playing championship 
quality volleyball. La Verne, the 
only Division III team to beat 
UCSD last year, had no chance as 
the Tritons breezed through the 
final two games 15-9, 15-12 to 
defeat their nemesis from the north. 

Diana Klintworth. who led the 
Tritons qainst Chapman with 16 
kills and 14 digs, displayed her 
All-American talent against La 
Verne with 23 kills and 19 digs. 
Allison Hensleit and lenny Well-
man added 12 kills apiece. Senior 
setter Linda Ross, who had 5 I 
assists and 15 digs, spread the 
wealth and played scrappy defense. 

"We played well (at the end of 
the La Verne match) and didn't 
make as many mistakes as we did 
earlier," said Dannevik. 

"Our performance was encour-
aging. We have to be patient be-
cause we arc going to get better," 
Dannevik continued. "Every time 
we play we improve in some facet 
of the game. We just have to work 
through our mistakes and avoid 
the errors that give our opponents 
the easy points." 

Now, if the Tritons can just get 
off that roller coaster and leave the 
volati Ie thrills to the racegoers at 
Del Mar, they just might be cele-
brating another championship in 
December. Then, like other cham-
pions, it will be all right for them to 
head to Disneyland. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SUPERCYC 
BICYClES 

----GIAIVT 
; 5 C.I .... RIt1IHr 

all purpose bike for men and 
women 
Marin-mountain bikes 
Tmy Georgena-precision bicycles 
for women 

-special financing and discounts for students 
-SERVICE - ACCESSORIES - RENTALS 

Join our Pro Peace BkycIe Club 
for information call4-5-P-E-A-C-E 

6904 Miramar Rd. 695-2400 

r;';r;J 
~achoice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 
• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 

(10 Days After Conception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

call 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Fanlily Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

SPORTS 19 

(~~-~~ 
" (~n co NSID ER ___ ---=-:::::'=' ::::::' / =---,..;_, 
STUDYl~G ABROAD 

NEXT YEAR IN ... 
Australia, Austria. Brazil , Canada, China, Cos .. Rica, Denmark . 
Ecuador, EKypt, Frane<, Germany, Ghana , Hong Kong, Hungary , 

India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Ke nya, Korea, MeXICO, 
New Zealand, Norway, Pl"ru , Ponugal , Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, 

Thail.nJ , T~o, Umred Klnguom, and USSR. 

Important Information Session 
\\lfl1 .. h~I\ .. _ Idlll 111.1 rl(lIrlln" h'_IIl .. u,-r 'llI,- ... !It,,,,,, 

. FARNl ' ( ' ( 'Rl:llIrS 
• H NAN( IAL AIIl AVA ILAIILE 
• W"NY f:AI' ~( ' Hlll. R~III1 ':-o 

Thursday, September 21, 1989 
7 pm, UCSD International Center 

f-or Illllrl Il1tltrlll.l(lllll \ .,11 ; H I I .! \ 
EJu..-a l;UIl Ahr" .u.1 PrU).tr.IOl 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
.NCLUDES: 
.2 DRIVES 
.640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• 1-YR. WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

Anything 
you need 

---- $795 ~-=-=-== = == === =.:..:=~= 
-COMPATIBLE ' 

CALL 454-5544 
Quantities Limited 

'1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

GRAN OPENING 
CELEBRATION!!! 

OCTOBER 1-6 19.9 
III our ... Ioatlo. 

THE UCSD PRICI CINTlRIII 
(Hove ......... 1110 ....... ) 

COME BY AND ENTER THE 
DRAWING FOR FREE TICKETS 

ON US AIRIII 
CHECK US OUTII 

All your travel needs in one convenient location! 
Book nON for the holidays for the best prices! 

C.ncI TraIII 
II..". ". .. .,.. """,_trY SlNa 1'471 

451·0630 

... 



I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1989 

Classifieds 
CIaeIfIed edvertlalng Is aoId In 15-
word tncnments. The me per 15 
words Is $1 for atudenta, $3 for file. 
ulty and at8tf and S4 for othera. PIIy· 
ment In edvence Is requlNd; ..... 
fore,_ muat be mailed with ac:heck 
( .... .-y8bIe to The UCSD Guerd· 
1M) or preeented In.,.,.on. P ..... 
heve euct ~hange. Deed,,"" .. 4 
p_m_ ThulWday for Mondey'a peper 
and 4 p_m. Mondey for ThulWday'. 
peper. The GwnMtn re .. rva the 
rIOht to mu .. any edvertIsIng In· 
eluding but not Umlted to compan-
Ionshlp'" For men Inronn.tlon 
call 534-5416. The GUMdIM, UCSD, 
N18, La Jolla, CA 920932. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
$1 .000 CASFAA Scholarship. Eligbil-
Ity: continuing students with special 
circumstances orfinancial hardship (re-
entry. single parent. disabiHty. etc.). 
Applications available: Student Finan-
cial Services Office. Due: Monday. 10-
2-69. Scholarship Office. MAAC 214. 

Restaurant. La JoRa Shores. close to 
UCSD. now hiring. No experience nec-
essary. Flexible hrs. Kevin 454-8038. 
(10;2-1015) 

UCSD Rugby: Come be a part of the 
winning tradition. First meeting Oct. 4.6 
p.m. Rae. Conf. Am. No experience 
necessary. all welcome. 

Are you ready for life after UCSD? Let 
the AS Internship Office help you de-
sign your own intemship_ Call Jon at 
534-4689. (9/28-10/9) 
RADiCALLY INCLINED SKI CLUB 
announces its first meeting is Oct. 4th. 
8:00 p.m .• TLH 107. (9128-1012) 

CORRECTION 
The deadline is 

MONDAY, OCT_ 21 
$1000 CASFAA Scholar· 
ship. Eligibility: continuing 
students with special cir-
cumstances or financial 
hardship (re-entry. single 
parents, disability. etc.). Ap-
plications available: Student 
Financial Services Office. 

AGAIN-DEADUNE IS 
OCT. 2, 1989. 

Scholarship Office, 
MAAC214_ 

STAYING HEALTHY: STRATEGIES 
FOR BUSY PEOPLE. Does your body 
support your pursuit of excellel'l("e? 
Leam practical and enjoyable strale-
gies for managing stress. controlNng 
weight and increasing fitness that wiH 
make a difference in your life. See the 
Canyonvi_ page 6. (1012-101S) 
UNIVERSITY SUNDAY. October 8. 
Congregational Church of La Jolla 
(UCC).lvanhoe at Cave Streets. down-
town La Jolla. 10:30 a.m. Sunday wor-
ahipservicehonorsUniversitystudents. 
faculty. administration and United 
Campus Ministry. Everyone invited to 
this celebration of the University _ (1012-
1015) 

The San Diego Zoo IlHds interns ASAP 
to help in Pathology research studying 
mammals. birds and reptiles. Call As-
sociated Students Internship Office 
(ASIO) at 534-4689 for more info. (101 
2-1015) 
San Diego soccers needs interns 10 
write for their nightly game program. 
work in the press box. assist the mar-
keting department and research statis-
tics. For info. call ASIO at 534-4689. 
(1012-10/5) 
Clarity your career goals. The A.S. In-
temship Office offers internships in 
every field. Stop by ASIO located on 
third floor. Price Center. 1343. Open M-
F 9-4 or call 534-4689. (1 012-1 0/5) 
ASIO will be at FFOG. 10/6. Come 
meel us and learn about our internship 
programs I (1 012 -1 0/5) 
Cimmaron needs interns interesled in 
designing motorcycle and bicycle hel-
mets. Possible paid positions. Contact 
ASIO at 534-4689 for mor6 info. (1012) 
C.W. Clark Real Estate needs fall in-
terns ASAP. Learn all aspects of com-
merical and industrial real estate. Con-
tact ASIO at 534-4689 for more info. 
(1012) 
ATTENTION WARREN STUDENTS. 
WCSC and campus-wide committee 
positions are open. More information 
on application. PIck one upalthe Warren 
Provost or Commons. Deadline Friday 
October 9th. (1012-1015) 
ThInking about your future? Learn what 
an Internship can offer you I Come to 
ASIO Info Night on Thursday Oct. 12 at 
6 p.m. Rm. 10. Price Center. nex1 \0 
Chinese restaurant. (1 012-1 0112) 
BALLROOM DANCE CLUB pr-u 
Triton Tango Dance. tomorrow. Price 
Center Ballroom. FREE. 7:00. be-
ginnners wek:orl"le. 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

1OM'5 ~1aster Mechanics 
exclusively VW and AUDI 

Servic~ a Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW e Audi eASE Certified 
-- --------20% ~~!~f?l',~!. I I 

'Must present coupon and va lid UCSD 10 at time or eStimate. I 
Not valid with major engine or transmission repairs. I ~-" :ALL IIG I !J 1450 94941 ... "~.,, I I 

..... ,01110',.,W""'I:1 I 
alE 

-

I 
I 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I I About Us; " They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References_ 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

Are you str_ed out. always checking Tune-ups and repairs for moat Jape- HELP WANTED PlTlightmaintenanc;e. 
cleaning & servicing soft serve yogurt 
machines. Flexible schedule. $8.00 per 
hr. 8 to 10 hours per week. Call Tom 

758-~. (1012-10/5) 

your weight or too poOf*I to pop? 118M cars. Student worIIa out of home 
Coma 10 the REC CLASS STAYING for up to 112 off. Referrall avallable. 
HEAlTHY: STRATEGIES FOR BUSY 552-0541. message lor Tim. 
PEOPLE for a little coaching. 

TypingIWord Procelling - Term PI-
UCSD waterski team prospective tour- pars, TheIee. Reports; leier printer; Part-time managers . Earn up to $200 

forH hours work. can 286-1842. (101 
2. 1019. 10116) 

nament Ikiera meel 5:30 Oct. 4 Gym fast; reasonable. Call Becky 566-3712. 
steps Ski team H.O. (1012) 
SPEAK TO MEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS AND HELP SAVE THE DES-
ERTI November 18 Congressional field 
hearings are approaching and your 
involvement is crucial to the o-rt 
Protection Act. You can make the eIf-
ferencel Please call 578-2271 for infor-
mation and future meetings. 

VISA OR MASTERCARDI Even If 
bankrupt or bad creditl We guarantee 
you a card or double your money back. 
Call 1-805-882-7555 EXT. M-l052. (9/ 
18-10116) 
Hey you, ya you reading this ad, apply 
for Revelle College Council Commit· 
tees now. Be involved and apply today. 
Applications availablf! in Revelle Pre-
vost Office. Due by Friday 1016_ (9125-
1012) 
SEX-did I get your attention? The 
Inter-College Residence Hall Associa-
tion is holding its first meeting tomorrow 
(1 013) in the Berkeley Room in the Prioe 
Center. (1 012) 
Hard Core Productions. UCSD's film 
club. Hard Core wants you I Meelings 
Wed. 9:00 p.m. USB 2622. (1012) 
Start the year with the right support. 
Leam practical and enjoyable strate-
gies for managing stress. controlUng 
weight and increasing fitness that will 
make a difference in your life. See the 
Canyonview for the class "Staying 
Healthy: Strategies for Busy People: 
(9118-1 012) 
f f f f fog g. Friday. October 6th. Urey 
Lawn. (1012) 
CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE HOUSE 
where UCSD comes to dine. debate 
and relax in a beautifuf non-lmOking 
atmoIphere. (See our ad each M0n-
day) (1012-10130) 
Start the year off by getting involved I 
VokJnIMr for a fun staff at ASIC and 
learn valuable reaume. buIIneu and 
communlcallon ..... Step by ASIO. 
3rd tIoot, Price Center. (100'2'1015) 
The Whole c.mpus catalog: CurIcM? 
Now at .. UCSD BookI1ont and .. 
General Store Co-Opl (1 (12) 

SERVICES 

$1,000 CASFAA Sc:hoIarIhIp. EJIgIJII-
Ity: continuing sludentl with apecIaI 
circomstancelor financial hardship (re-
entry. aIngIa parent. cIaabIIty. etc.). 
AppIicaIionIIIVIiIabIe: Student Flnan-
cial Services OffIce. Due: Monday. 10-
2-69. Scholarship Office. MAAC 214. 

Business Opportunityl MAKE $100 a 
DAYI Work your own hours_ It's easy 
with directions for a money making idea. 
Send $1 .00 to DCS. P.O. Box 70160. 
San Diego. CA 92107. (1012-10126) 

COLLEGE 
REPUBLICANS 

AT UCSD 
GENERAL MEETING 

Monday, October 2. 
Price Center 

Gallery B, 7:00pm. 

Allln ....... ect 
etudenta _Icome. 

WORD PROCESSING - Fast. de-
pendable 1trVIoe_ Rush jobs taken. Cal 
Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9128-11130) 
MACINTOSH REPAIRS AND UP-
GRADES. SpecIalizing In Macintoeh 
equipment. peripherals. Component 
level repair_ AlIt about hard-drIveI and 
12815121< 10 Plus upgrade spec:iaIa. 
Weekends OK. P.O.' •. Approved UCSD 
vendor. COMPUFIX 458-5916. (W25-
1013) 
TypingIWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts. 111..... DOOkI. letters. 
resumes. Fat ..w:._ Mary Ann 452-
9439. (9125-10130) 
Comedy Store Pros available for rush 
parties & killer events. Leave "',1SlI8OI 
at 450-6439. (9118-1 (12) 

Olga Barf Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Hoiday Court. Student 

PoeItionI: Bueeing. host_. cocktail. 
walt. Valle Rose restaurant. 2660 VIa 
De laValle. Del Mar. 481-8861 . (9128-
10116) 
Restaurant. La Jona ShoreI, cIoae 10 
UCSD. now hiring. No experience 
neceaaary. flexille hours. Kevin. 454-
8038 (1012-1015) 
Part Time Sales AuIatant; 20 tnIWk 
$6Ihr. 7-8AM Wedneeday, ThuradaY. 
Friday; 7-11AM Saturday and Sunda~'; 
+8 flelCible hours. ReIIabIIty. ability 10 
learn simple COfI1lUIer importlWll Chuck 
Poley 278-1111. (1012-1015) 
Drivers. PT to deIIever L.A. Tlmee to 
stores & racks. Must have truck or van 
and ineurance. $7.47h1r. + mileage. 18 
)'1'1 . or older. EOE 619-270-2983. (101 
2-1015) 

diecounll. (618) 558-4644. (619) 228- Window washer. residential. Full time. 
1962. (9/18-1/4) ins. veh .• good pay. wi. train. Claire-

mont area. 272-2912. (9128-1012) 
DON'T WAlK ALONEII The UCSD 
Police Department ofters a Community 
ServiceOfficer(CSO) EscortProgram. 
CSOS are available to escort individu-
als on campus from 5:30 p.m_ to 1:00 
a.m. seven days a week including va-
cations and holidays. Just call 534-
WAlK on any pay phone or 4-WALK 
lrom campus phones . YOUR SAFETY 
IS OUR FIRST CONCERN. (9/18-101 
5) 

HypeI1eaming has Jdded Chem 6C at 
lasll Tutorlel sessions startlonight (Oct. 
2) 8 to 10 p.m. ProbIem-solving ses-
aiontI are Wed. 6 to 8 p.m. We're in 
Suite 1132A behind the Elephant Bar. 
Coma by. sh In on a free class and 
check it oull455-1 000. (1 (12) 

WANTED 

BASEBALL CARDS - Buy. sell or 
trade. M yHrI. Cal RInIy. 548-0970. 
(1012) 
Wanted - aurtboard for beginning 
eurfer 7 112 - 9 fl Cal Mall at 561H152 
betw .. n 7-10 p.m. (1012) 

CartoonIat needed to ........ book. 
Approx. 20 hoursIweek. times negot. 
Moat be quick, Ik8Ichee are light In 
dNiI. CIoee 10 c:ampua, work is crea-
tive and funl Sandra or John 457-7777. 
(1012) 

Macintosh part-time flexible hours job. 
Uses MIcroSoft Worb. Near UTC and 
UCSD. Call 453-1201 . (9128-1019) 
ENGINEERING INTERN. We are a 
dynamic high technology electrical de-
sign and manufacturing company with 
two Engineering Intern openings. lln-
der the direction of a DeaIgh EngIneer, 
this position will perform software-re-
lated tasks. including product support. 
debugging. testing documenting pr0-
grams and some coding. Working 
kJlOWIedge 01 UNIX Operating SYitem. 
'C' programming language. _mbIy 
programming a plus. Junior or SenIor In 
BSCS.preferabie. WiI get 10 learn X-
W.1dowa graphics. Interesled candI-
dalee should I8nd their resume to: 
LORAL INSTRUMENTATION 
8401 AMo DrIve 
San DIego. CA 92123 
Attn: Profeeaional StaffIng 
Equai ORPortunity Employer (1012-101 
12) 
TELEMARKETING HEALTH CARE 
PRODUCTS. 20-35% commlaelon. 
Gunnteed eaIary to I1ItI. Cal 282-
7288_ (1012-10112) 
HOT·AIR BALLOON CHASERS 
NEEDED_ WlIITrain. EarlynlOll1klgMd 
evening flights . Clean appearance 
neceuary. For More Information: (800) 
221-9475. 

Photographers and people with dark- CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
room experience. Intereeted? Meet spring. ChrIstmu and next IUmmer 
nus. Oct. 5 at 6:00 p.m_ Yearbook breakI . Many~.Cell-«l5-682-
OffIce 534-7481. (1012-10t'S) 75S5 EXT. S-1023. (9118-10116) 
Part-time afternoon 4:30-7:30 p_mJ MEET NEW PEOPLE I Look and .... 
weekend 7:00-3:00 p.m. shIftI avail- greatl Havs fun Introducing the revoIu-
able for dining roorn HI'V8I'I1n lstcl.. Iionary "Secret of Youfl' "One of the 
retirement home in La Jolla (c:IoH to true opportunities of a lifetime: - BIll 
campus). F1exbie shIfta. m .... pro- Bixby. Forinfo_caA (618) 491-1971. (81 
vided, excellent working conditions In 18-1 (12) 
low-stress environment. Will train. Call 
Greg Tayfor 450-5270. (9128-1012) See CLASSIFIEDS, page 11 

RESTAURANT 
La Jolla Shores, 

close to UCSD 

NOW HIRING 
No experience 

necessary, flexible 
hours. 

Call Kevin 
454-8038 

klnko'S' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1155 Ville Le JoIIe Dr. 

Monda October 2 1989 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Continued from page 20 
Drive a new BMW - Earn $5.000+ a 
month part time. Looking for 1 0 aggres-
sive. entrepreneurial people who would 
seriously like 10 change their standard 
of living. Call (714) 760-7861 . (1012) 
Disabled female attorney IlHds two 
part-time individuals to aid at desk. 
0IIIce hours are 9:00 am to 7:00 pm. 
Monday ttvough Friday. Duties Include 
liting. occasional bookkeeping. BIIIa-
tance at court. good grammar and 
punctuation .kIII. Requires the ability 
to drive a van-automatic transmlsaion. 
PIe ... call Valerie - 454-9101. (9125-
1015) 
NOW HIRING Round Table Pizza in 
the Price Center. All shifts, nexlble hrs. 
(9125-1015) 
House cleaners. full or part time_ flex 
hours for school schedule. work In fine 
.homes. must be dependable and hon-
est. have car and telephone. $5.50 to 
$8.00 per hour plus mileage. call Del 
Mar Maids 481 -4616. (9118-1012) 
CHILD CARE JOB. Pick up two chil -
dren (ages 4 and 6) from Del Marschool 
and entertain them in their home. Hours 
negotiable. bul 3:00 PM 10 6:00 PM 
weekdays preferred. Call 481-7 498 after 
6:30 PM or weekends. (1012) 
Child care. 5 & 7 years old. needed 
Monday. Wednesday and Friday from 
12-6. and Tuesdays and Thursdays 
1 :30-6:00. Must have own car. Located 
across Irom UCSD at Blaekhorse 
Farms. Call 587-361 O. (1012) 
Outgoing· Friendly - Responsible stu-
dents to staff Children's Toy Car1 at 
U.T.C. Hours flelCible to fil your sched-
ule. Rate $4.75 per hour plus incentive. 
Call evenings: 487-3063. (9/18-1019) 
ATTENTION - HIRINGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17.840-$69.485. Call 
1-602-838-8885. Ext R18113. (9/1 8-
1(128) 
Reliable. honest. enthusiastic individu-
als with a desire to serve the UCSD 
Community in a Crime Prevention 
capacity. UCSD Police Department 
Community Service Officer (CSO) 
Program now accepting applications 
for entire academic year with potential 
for continuing employment. Prefer indi-
viduals familiar with campus buildings. 
expecially dorm areas. Pick up an 
appIicatlClr) at the Studenl Part-Time 
Employment Office. AppIicallons due 
Wednesday. October 4. 4:30 p.m. al 
the UCSD Police Department. 500 
MAAC. across from the loading dock 01 
the Price Center. Any questions. please 
call 534·9255 between 8:30 a.m. and 
4:00 p.m. Ask lor Beth. (1012) 
Jobs Jobs Jobs. Earn $7 plus bonus. 
Flexible hours. The ultimate Campus 
job. Call 587-1585. (9125-1015) 
Part-time afternoon 4:30-7:30 p.m.! 
weekend 7:00-3:00 p.m. shifts avail-
able for diAlng room servers in 1 st class 
retir8f\l8nl home In La Jolla (close to 
campus). Aexible shifts. meals pr0-
vided, excellent wortdng concItions in 
low-stress environment. WI train. Cal 
Greg Tr.yfor 450-5270. (9128-1012) 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 21 
Hair Salon Beauty Supplies sales per- . Racing bike. brand new 21' 12-speed. OWN A CLASSIC BMW. 2800 CS 

$6.000 or BEST. Jorge Huerta. 436-
Mission Beach. 2BR - 2BA. furnished. 
ocean view. $900-$950 month. 488-
1395 or 259-1457. (9125-1015) 

son needed part-time. Must be reliable l12O. Call Ben 558-7708. (1012) 
and enthusiastic. LaJoI1a551 -0611 . (91 
18-10/5) 
ATTENTION: EARN MONEY READ-
ING BOOKSI $32.000lyear income 
potential. Details. (1) 602-838-8885Ex1_ 
Bk18113. (9/18-10128) 
Petitioners Wanted for an initiative 
campaign 10 houee the homeless. ent-
ate affordable housing and restore 
community servIcea. PouIbIe $6-121 
hr. Voter Revolt 299-0540. (9/18-1019) 
ATTENTION WARREN STUDENTS. 
WCSC and cempua-wIde committee 
poaiIIoI_ are open. Men informaIIon 
on appIiclllon. PIck one upal'" W.,., 
Provoet or Commons. Dudllne Friday 
October 9ft (1012-1015) 
CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
spring, ChrIItmaa and next summer 
breaks. Many positions. call 1-805-
682-7555 EXT $-1023. (9118-10112) 

FOR SALE 

Don't pay $60 for a physics bookl Buy 
mine for $40. Sternheim & Kane. like 
ON. Cal Kim 454-0638. (1012-1015) 
STOP HAIR LOSSI Proven European 
Formulation now available. (Not sold in 
stores.) For details call: 456-7898. (91 
25-1012) 
WRINKLES DISAPPEAR I Proven new 
non-surgical face lift for both sexes. 
Completely safe. In just 30 min. you 
look 5-1 0 years younger. For details 
call (619) 456-7898. (9118-1012) 
STONESIGUNS N ROSES/LIVI~(;j 
COLOR L.A. COLISEUM Thursday. 
Oct. 19 (SOlD OUn. 7 excellent tick· 
ets. Call 452-9811 . $1100 o.b.o. takes 
them all. Nagat. to split set. Leave 
message. (9125-1012) 
2 Stones lickets - Sold Oul 10122 -
Greal Location - $l80.1lest. Call 558-
1981 . (1012) 
12-spd. '87 Torelli 59 em Tretubi. 
Shimanoindex.LookCalbon.andmore. 
5485. XS Giro. Specialized trainer and 
wort<stand available separately. 552-
0541 Tim. (1012-101S) 

BANDS 
• Free Demo Recording· 

Enter to win at 
Sound-Trax 

It's the best and least 
expensive rehearsal 

spot in townl 
Air conditioned 
Storage 
Large Rooms 

Come check us out. Free 
time with this ad 

295-5006 

Mountain BIke. 20 112' Diamond Back 
APEX. brand ON. just two -'<s old. 
$585 new. seIIng $480 or best offer. 
Call 452-8842. (9125-1015) 
BIcycle. UnIvega VIva Sport 21". 12 
apeed IiIc8 new. gr811 racer. ~_ 454-
3572_ (1012) 
Computer Iyatam. IBM compatible 
computer 5121<. dual disk drive. NEC 
SpinwrIt8r PrInIer. and software in-
cluded. AIIcing $1200 for whole sys-
18m_ CorUcI Brien at 548-8159. (1 012-
10119) 

18M~, 840 memory, 2 drivel, 
monitor. k.eyboIrd. printer, 1Oftware. 
ftoppIes, 1 yMI' Wlrl'anty $795. Cal 
John 454-4583. (9125-1012) 
RCA 19" color TV. great picture. $120. 
Magnavox CD player. programmable. 
buih to last. made in Europe. gold c0n-
nectors. $85. 275-2045. (1012-1015) 
Futon & Frame: $100. Sofebed t:nrd-
wood trim: $200. Both unuHd. '211 
del'1V8I' 458-9571 . (9/18-10126) 
FulQM)ed frame. queen size. best 
quality from Peach Blossom Futon. like 

~. $300. 454-3572. (1012) 
Waterbed. soft-Sided. new heater. 
queen size_ $70080. Call Karen 458-
9768 aves. (9128-1015) 
Rent dorm or apt size Sanyo refrigera-
tor from $55 per school year. RAR 695-
9(M)6. (911B.1CV12) 
ATTENTION - GOVERNMENT 
HOMES from $1 (U-repair). Delinquent 
taK property. Repossessions. Call 1-
602-838-8885 Ext GH18113. (9118-101 
28) 
ATTENTiON -GOVERNMENTSEIZED 
VEHICLES FROM $100. Fords. Mer-
cedes. Corvettes. Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers Guide_ 1-602-838-8865 EXT. 
A18113. (9/18-10128) 
SEIZED CARS. trucks. 4 wheelers. TVs. 
slereos. fumiU'e. compu18rs by DEA. 
FBI. IRS and US customs. Available in 
your area now_ Call 1-805-882-7555 
Ex1. C-ll99. (9/18-10116) 

IMMIGRATION 
PERSONAL INJURY 

& 
BUSINESS LAW 

5.1nu111 
't'III UCSD 

236-8587 
IIIIiO VlI'- La JlIII Dr. 

La JIIII 

6018 eves x4105O. (1012-1015) . 
1977 Cadillac Sedan. runs great. AMI 
FM cassette. extremely relable trans-
por1ation. $1500. 436-7480 after 5:30. 
(1012) 
1881 Honda Civic 13OODX. 88.000 
miles. 5 speeds, reliable. good trans-
portation vehicle. 483-5059. (1012) 
1983 4x4 Chevy Blazer V-6: to.ded, 
good condItIonnranap. S5800 
O.B.O. Cal Greg 456-49001481-0540. 
(9118-1015) 
79 Cheve\te_ New clutch. brakel and 
tires_ AMIFM 1IIereo. Well maintained. 
Vtlfyclean. Runaand IookI greal Good 
gas mileage, very economic. See 10 
appreciate. Must .... $1,250.275-2045. 
(1012-1015) 
Audl Quatro. 1984.4 Dr. 4 WD. red. 
ex1ras. 36,000 miles. great sill car. 
$7300_ 454-3572. (1012) 

HOUSING 

F emaJe wanted to share master bed-
room Il88I' UTC. $240/month + 114 u1IIi-
ties_ Includes pool. washing machine 
and dryer. Non-smoker. Can Melissa a1 
458-9145. (9128-1012) 
REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
available from government from $1 
withou1 credit check. You repair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CALL 1-
800-682-7555 EXT H-l 443 for repo lisl 
in your area. (9/18-1019) 
ROOM IN HOUSE: $3501month. 1st. 
last. $200 deposit. Mt. Soledad area. 
more info: 483-5059. (1012) 
5 ROOMMATES WANTED (nonsmok-
ers) for a 3400 sqft home near Fair-
banks Ranch. 1.25 acre lot with pool. 
$400-$450 each/month. Call John al 
756-3647 or 549-2366_ (9/25-1012) 
REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
avallable from government from $1 
without credit check. You repair. Also 
lax delinquent foreclosures CAlL 1-
800-682-7555 EXT H-l443 for repa list 
in your area. (9/18-1019) 

PERSONALS 
Have four Stones tix for Wed.. Oct. 
18th. Great ...... N$ed to trade lor 
another show. Please call KARl 273-
2747. 

CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE HOUSE 
where UCSD comes to dine. debate 
and relax In a beautiful non-smoIcing 
atrnosphare. (See our ad each M0n-
day) (1012-10130) 
GOLDEN KEY VoIeybaIII8BQIBe 
Partyl Saturday. October 7th. 2pm. La 
Jolla Shores. Info: 452-1061 . (1012-101 
5) 

See CLASSIFIEDS, page 22 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds_ 

586-6237 

4lREATIVE You Wllllt ~ CAFE AND (and now have) • LA TEN/CHT '.. COFFEEHOUSE Friday & Saturday to 
.......... .. u.... 10 ".;". frOllt UCSD midnrght 

• Cappucino. espresso. 
No Smokl.1 R •• tlurlnt pastlles 
Cal S • • Taped lazz and claSSIcal music "fI~ ~ct,on • Quality wines & beers. mineral waters 
and Art Gal/cry 

• OllltJoo, CII/e: Breaklast (Sal.-Sun.) and 
e Ez«1Ifttt l""eMs lunch (Tues.-Sa!.): coffees and pastries 

TueS.-Sat. 11 -2 • M~ pIaee: Talk. linger. relax 
e FiII~ dbtbt, 

Tues.-Thurs. 5-10 
Fri. -Sat. 5-11 
Sun. 5-1 0 

• Aft G~: Haitian artists in Fall 
• PrY/POIIt Cats Muffins. croissants. coffee 
CoJ/ ___ #ditM 
• Tues.-Thurs. 7 a,m.-' 0 p.m,: Fri. 7 a,m.-

midnight: Sat. 8 a.m.-midnight: 
e 0111110", Hnllce Sun. 8 a.m.-' 0 p.m. 

3202 Governor Drive. University City-Golden Triangle 
Governor and Regents, off Hwy 52 e A55: 1017 

La Jolla Village Square 
Dental Group OHers YOU: 

• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING Af'PTS, 
• STEREO HEADPHONES 

• VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• INSTANT INSURANCE 

EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

• l4 HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGaRY "OR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRAcnON 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EXAM & CLEANING ' SZ9 Reg_ 
ONLY $90 

Includrs C"'anong & PalMIng. X-Rays. Oral Canal fum and Pnvatr ConsulLUIon fIIpRs 10/18189 

Offered to: students. Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
.................•.•............................... 

CAJON BLVD. • 463-5052 
IVERSITV • 291-CUTS 

NEWPORT. 222-3777 

OAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA. CDA. SDCDS. De/t<1 Dent<1/ 

886' Vitia La Jolla Dr .. Suite 50' 
/behlnd Klnko ~I 455-9151 GARNET • 273-CUTS 



--

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1989 

In tbe Bleachers by Steve Moore 

._1 ........... '--. .. ~ 
.................. ll~ 

\'1 • '" . f , \. t j 

''Whoa, you're right, John. It says you should 
...... MarrWGUIIdIIa 

This Chapman hitter spilt UCSD blockers Unda Ross (8) and Beth Selby, just as the Tritons spilt their 
two matches this weekend. See related story, page lS. 

, be holding off to the side." 

Jfyou can find a tosIi 
in tflis ID9lTI, we might put me 

m yours. Free 

• SoolhodyS ~ towin a free Macinta;h 
See Apple Computer, Inc. 
during Computer Weeki 

Tuesday, October 3 
10 a.m •• 3 p.m. 

Computer Ce.ter 
534.429' 

BE'1HBRE' 
~""""'WI_ 

MOJ" •• JI toW" 6 ,... 
Meet ..... c;,." III. oIb. 
upIIIin ita die Old. SIudeat 
c..-_ ......... .,.. 
We __ It's ... fInt..-of 
"pia,., but COllIe.,..,. 
Maybe M'D WIICh the pall. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Continued from page 21 
RADICALLY INCLINED SKI CLUB 
amounc:ea III first meeting is Oct. 4th, 
8:00 p.m., TLH 107. (QI28..1012) 
Atten1Ion: Good Sanwitan who re-
turned. punse to the Gym on 9121 . You 
are a saint! I am eternally grateful. -
K.L. (9128-1012) 
Douglas - WI've come along way and 
ifs been • terrific yearl You are vety 
special ... 1-4-3, tiny. (1012) 
RECOVERY FROM EATING DISOR-
DERS IS POSSIBLE. Overeating, 
conatant dieting, purging, excessive 
exercillng can keep you fat. l.urn eo 
... you,..., uan inltrumentll person, 
not an ornamental one. SLIDING-
SCALE FEE for individual & group 
psychothlrapy. Julil KiCk, M.A., 
MFCCIIIMFI4678, 454-4051. (9128-
1012) 
$1,000 CASFM Scholarship. EIgIIII-
ity: continuing students with epecIaI 
circumstanoel or financial hardahip (re-
entry, single parent, disability, etc). 
AppIicatIona av .... : Student finan-
cial ServIcee 0IIce. Due: Monday, lG-
2-89, SchoIar1hIp OfIIce, MMC 214. 
(9128-1012) 
Relllaurarrt, La Jol. Shores, close eo 
UCSD, now hiring. No experience 
necessary. Aexible hrs. Kevin 454-
8038. (1012-1015) 
Get involved in Revelle CornmIne ... 

~ at Revelle Provost 0IIIce now. 
Dul 1016. (8126·1 012) 
DON'T WALK ALONEII The UCSO 
Police o.p.nment oftIra a CommunIty 
SeMce 0fIIcer (CSO) Escort Program. 
cSOe arl avaIabIe eo acort IncIIvI*-
ala on campus from 5:30 p.m. eo 1:00 
a.m. seven days a week Including va-
catlona InCI hoIIdaya. Jult call S34-
WALK on any pay phone or 4-WALK 
from on campus phones . YOUR 
SAFETY IS OUR FIRST CONCERN. 
(9118-1015) 
Congratulations to the T ri Delta Beta 
Pledge cla .. 1 We're so e_cited to have 
you - this year looks GREATII You·r. 
all vlry apedal and WE LOVE YOUI 
Your sisters in DOD. (1012) 

Monday, October 2,1989 

Scores 
& 
Stats 
Soccer 
Mal 
USD 1 UCSDO 

Women 
UCSD 6 Claremont· 
Scripps 0 

-UCSD goals: Mauro 
(Schwaar). Schwaar. Faro 
(Mauro). Faro 
(Kingsbury), Krumme 
(Faro). Mauro (Davis) 

Women's Volleyball 
Chapman d. UCSD 15· 
10,15-4,11-15,15- 8 

KlinlWonh (16 kills) 
UCSD d. LaVerne 15-
10,10-15, 13·15, 15-9, 
15·12 

Klintworth (23 kills, 
19 digs); Ross (S 1 
assists) 

Men's Water Polo 
Pepperdine 12 UCSD 
9 (overtime) 

Vance (3 goals) 

, Long Beach St. 10 
UCSD6 

Vance (3 goals) 
UC Irvine 13 UCSD 9 
UCSD goals: Brown, 
McConville. Sells (2 
each); Brinton, Vance, 
Walburger 

Commerporating 

The UCSD Guardian 

'TUt: BATPIAN. 
Baunon one! DetectJlIe comics .. allolMe at: 

The Comic Galle.., 
4224 Balboa Ave. 

San Diego. CA 92117 
comer ~ Balboa ar. CloIIemont Dr. 

- Next to Food Basket -
(619) 48U853 

67&-8 N. 8roadway 
E5Condido. CA 92025 

CounlTy Comer ShoppIng Center 
at Broadway & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

SPORTS 23 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa InsuTance Agency 

784 I Balboa AtJe. See. 2 I ~ 
San Diego, CA 9211 I 

ALSO: HOME/CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

V tramural 
" Team Sports 

No eu. ..... 1ou 01 ....... 
H YOll'n IookiDc (or • co.peliti ..... port. teaa tIl.t ,h .. replar 
workollte. trn.,la to tOlll'1laa_te. ccape ... ..,.met other coUep. aDd 
UDi .... nitie •• help. you de .... lop __ eporta .ldlla ••• ke. DO CRte a..d 
offen YOIlIo.a of' (_ a..d frieuda; look DO f'llrther. The Enr .. ural 
Team Sporta Prove- ia.n oCthia a..d aucb .ore. Lilted below.re 
the _. a..d their 0"l..u..tioDal ... 1iDt d ..... AUeDd the ... tiDe 
a..d p. iD .. ol .. ed. h'. tIl.t _pie 

Team Meeting 

Coed Sailing Mon, Oct. 2 
Coed Surfing Mon. Oct 2 
Men's Rugby Wed. Oct 4 
Coed Cycling Wed. Oct 4 
Men's Lacrosse Mon. Oct 9 
' .... omen·s Lacrosse Mon. Oct 9 
Men's Ultimate Disc Wed Oct 11 
Coed Snow Ski Racing Wed Oct 11 

Time 

6:00pm 
7:00pm 
6:00pm 
7:30pm 
6:00pm 
7:00pm 
6:00pm 
7:00pm 

All.porte meeliD. will be held ill &he Recreation Conf'ereDce 
Room ill the Rec Cym_ 

For f'ur&her inf'ormalioD cODtacl Laurel Dean at 534-4037 

............ ON·CAMPUS? 

Ashton-Tate® So/tuxlw is Now Awilable 
at Educational Prices.* 

Ashton:rare has the products to hdp you ad ut.'Ve the 
highest levels of productivity with a lot less effort whether 
you're using a Macintosh or a PC: Framework m: the 
lmding multifunction producr; dBASE rv." the inchNry 
standard PC database; MultiMate Advantage n~ the power-
ful ~rd processor; RapidFiIe~ the fast database for lists, 
lem.-rs and label<;; DRAW AWlAUSE, thedynamK:~ 

packag: fOr presentations; Fulllmpact~ the pow<.....ful next 
generation Macintosh spreadsheet; and FuUWrire Profes. 

sional~ the complete Macintosh word processor. 
This year ',QU1I want to do three thing> - achieve, achieve, 

achieve! And now Ashton13te can help',QU with its 
powerfulltne oflX)S and Macintosh products. As a full-
rime srudent. faculty member or adminisrrator you can 
purchase Ashton13te software on your campus, through 
the Ashton13re Campus Program. at bv ooucational prices. ,\~AsHTON ·TATE' 

~() "' TWARE rO R A(AVEMJC A C HIEVEM ENT 

So find out what's new on campus and get a FREE 
r-shirt. Stop by the location listed below and see a demon-
stration of Ashton:Iate software (limited quantities of 
t-shins available), 
'rbu1l be making the 6rst srep rowards achieving ',QUr pis. 

' Pnces are suggosred educan"nal pnc", only. Actual price may Volry, AshlOn:r.re products ott...,! 'hrough , he Campus Progr.Im Ire for In,ernal educa,ional use only, 
Alllnd, •• ed .rademarks ore rtgtstereJ ,rademark of Ash.on·",e COrpora. lOO. Other product names u..d hemn Ire fOf idcnuf\ca,.m purpooe only and may be trademarks of the" respect''''' compon, ... 

> -



24 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

8:00 I.In.-4:OO p.m.-SIGI PLUS. SySlems of Inter· 
active Guidance and Information is • computer· based 
program of career information designed 10 help you 
clarify your skills. values and occupational intereslS. 
For more infonnalion. COllIe 10 the Career Services 
Cenler. Fee is $10. 

8:00 Lm.-4:30 p.m.-THEOFFICEOF ACADEMIC 
SUPPORT AND INSTRUCTIONAL SERVICES 
(OASIS). OASIS offen free assistance 10 UCSD 
slUdenlS. including graduaae sludems. willi specific 
subjects including English reading and writing sleills 
evaluation and individual tutoring or small classes. 
The Language Program Oass is an intensive reading 
and wriling class designed for sludenlS who want 10 
perfect their English language skills and improve 1heir 
academic performance in all majors. Vocabulary im· 

provcmen~ reading comprehension. grammar. mechan· 
ics and spelling form the foundalions of this class. 
Bilingual tutors are available 10 help individual stu· 
denlS with their language needs. Conversation groups 
also available. Student Center Bldg. A. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2 

11:00 a.m.-INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORK· 
SHOP. 00 you need help in preparing for job inter· 
views? Career Services Center will provide tips on 1he 
besl ways to present your qualifiCalions and what kind 
ofinterview queslions toUpeCL At the Career Services 
Center. Free. 

1:30 p.m.~N..cAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORI· 
ENTATION. If you are interested in panicipating in 
the Career Services CeRler's on-campus inltrviewing 
program Ihis quarter. it is rnandalory that you attend 
one of 1hese orienlations before you interview. Free. 

2:30 p.m.-THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORK· 
SHOP. Learn how 10 COnsUUCI a swe-of·the·an res· 
ume thatwill make you sland OUI from the crowd. At1he 
Career Services Center. Free. 

TUESDA Y, OCTOBER 3 

10:30 a.m.~N CAMERA: PRACTICING INTER-
VIEWING SKILLS. Sharpen your interviewing skills 
by seeing and hearing yourself on videotape. Receive 
feedback from other job seekers in Ihis group work· 
shop. Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills workshop. At 
the Career Services Center. Free . 

3:00 p.m.-DENTAL SCHOOL: WHAT APPLI· 
CANTS FOR 1990 ADMISSION NEED TO KNOW. 
Admissions procedufCs. II{lplicalion stralegies. and 
seIeclion of schools. At the Career Services Center. 
Free. 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4 

1:30 p.m.~N..cAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORl· 
ENTATION. If you are interested in participating in 
the Career Services Center's on-campus interviewing 
program Ihis quaner. it is mandatory that you attend 
one of these orientations before you imerview. Free. 

2:30 p.m.-EFFECTIV EJOB SEARCH STRATEGY 
80% of all job vacarocies are unadvenised This work· 
shop wi II teach you the mosl erfcell ve way to find them 
AI the Career ServlCCS Center. Free. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER S 

IJ:OO a.m.-THE MARKETA BLE RESUME 
WORKSHOP. Learn how to construct a Slate-of·the· 
an resume lIIat will make you stand out from the crowd. 
At the Career Services Center. Free. 

2:00 p.m.~N·CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORI· 
ENTATION. If you are ,"terested in participating in 
lhe Career Services Center's on-campus interviewing 
program lIIis quaner. it i6 mandatory that you allend 
one of lhese orientalions before you iRlerview. Free. 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2,1989 

TheWeekly Calendar 
11:30 •• m.~N-CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORI· 
ENTATION. If you are interested in panicipating in 
the Career Services Center's on-campus interviewing 
program Ihis quarter. it is mandatory lllat you altend 
one of IIlese orienlalions before you interview. Free. 

l:JOp.m.-INTERV1EWING SKJLLS WORKSHOP. 
00 you need help in preparing for job interviews? 
Career Services Cenler will provide lips on the best 
ways to present your qualifications and what kind of 
iOlerview questions 10 expect. At the Career Services 
Center. Free. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2 

7:00 p.m.-Chi Alpha Christian Fellowship meets. 
Everyone is welcome. AI the Price Center. Berkeley 
room. 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3 

ll:Ol p.m •• l:1O p.m.- Bible SlUdy · Christians who 
love 1he Lord and His word. Going tbrough 1he Gospel 
of John. All are invited. AI the Price Center. Room .5. 

TUESDAY THROUGH 
SATURDAY 

5:00 p.m.-<:alholic M.,. Sponsored by the c.thoIic 
Student Community aI UCSD. At the University Lu-
1heran Chun:h. 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive (acrou the 
streel from Revelle College). 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4 

5:30 p.m.-The blessing of animals on the Festival of 
St. Francis of Assisi. Bring your pet dog. tip or tuRle. 
Sponsored by the Lutheran Campus Ministry. At the 
parking 101 of the University Lutheran Church. 9.595 La 
lolla Shores Drive (across the street from Revelle Col· 
lege). 

6:00 p.ID.-SUpper for studenlS prepared 
by townspeople. sponsored by the Lutheran 
Community at UCSD. Everyone welcome. 
At the University Lutheran Church. 9595 
La lalla Shores Drive (across the Street 
from Revelle College). 

6:00 p.m •• 7:00 p.m.-BIBLE RAP: 
Weekly meetings for Protestant Christians 
sponsored by United Campus Ministries 
(Presbyterian. Methodisl. United Campus 
Community. DisciplesofChrisl denomina-
tions). AI .502 MAAC • behind Police Sta· 
tion. 

7:00 p.m.-"I Corinthians 1.5" is the Bible 
Study lopic led by Lutheran Campus Pastor John Huber. 
Everyorle is cordially invited. At the University Lu· 
1heran Chun:h. 959.5 La Jolla Shores Drive (across the 
streel from Revelle College). 

7:00 p.m.- Wednesday Nighl Discussions. KJESUS 
IN CONTROVERSY: WHO IS MY NEIGHBOR?" 
Join us as we explore Jesus ' altitude toward strangers. 
siOllers. and outcaslS. Refreshments provided. Spon-
~red by 1he Ca1holic Student Community. At the Price 
Center. second floor. Room 5· AB (San Francisco and 
Santa Cruz rooms). 

9:30 p.m.-CANDI.ELIGHT MASS. A quiet. medi· 
talive time for sharing with others. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Studenl Community aI UCSD. At the Univer· 
silY Lutheran Church on the comer of N. Torrey Pines 
and La ]olla Shores Drive. 
THURSDAY, OCTOBER S 

Rima. UqlrltlGuordian 

5:45 p.IIL-1'1Ie Tbunday DInner. HomemIIde food 
and grealcompanyl Spo!IIOI'eCI by !be CaIhoIic Student 
Community II UCSD. At the Univenity Lutheran 
Church, 9.595 La Jolla ShOles Drive (acrou the street 
from Revelle College). 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6 

7:01 p.III.-Leave from the University Lutheran 
Church, 9.59.5 La Jolla Shom Drive (acrou the street 
from Revelle CoIleae) 10 aaend the MSpirituaI Gifts" 
seminar praented by Fr. Bob Noble. an 
EpiIOOpll prieaI. The event is spo"sored by 
Lutheran campus ministry and will be held 
at Our Mo1her of Conftdence Church In 
University City. Everyone is welcome. 

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8 

8:10 LIII. ucI '0:00 Lm.-Euc/wist and 
Mas. Sponsored by the Episcopal Campus 
Ministry. At the Church of die Good Sa-
nwitan. 4321 East Gale Mall,located across 
Genesee from the campus. 

8:30 a.m.-<:alholic Mass. Sponsored by 
theCalholic Studenl CommuniI)' at UCSD. 
AI the UniversilY Lutheran Church, 959.5 
La Jolla Shores Drive (across the streel from Revelle 
College). 

10:00 a .... -A narratedeucharist,ulep by llepexpla-
nalion of the Luther8n litWJ)'. Open 10 all. AI the Uni-
versity Lutheran Church. 9S9.5 La Jolla Sbom Drive 
(across the street from Revelle College). 

1l:3O p .. .-Beach pllty sJlOCllOrl'd by the Luthe .... 
student group. For delli .. or a ride. telephone 4.53-
0561. E vel)'One is welcome. Meel at 1he U niversil)' Lu· 
theran Church, 959.5 La Jolla Shores Drive (across the 
street from Revelle CoIleae). Free. 

5:00 p .... and 9:00 p.m.-CA THOUC ~S. Spon· 
sored by the Catholic Community at UCSD. At the Uni· 
versity Lutheran Chun:h. 9.595 La Jolla Shores Drive 
(across the street from Revelle College). 

MEETINGS 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3 

5:30 p.III.- 00 you want 10 improve your public speak-
ing and leadership skills? Don '1 miss this excitin, 
ToaslJllastermeeling! Educational speaker DavidCupp 
will speak on "Student leadership- preparing for the 
future." At MAAC confercnce room IIIA.across from 
the Price Center. Free. 

RECREATION 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4 

7:00 p.m.-Scotlish counl ry dance class. Beginners 
welcome. no panner necessary. Wear flexible shoes. 
Come and learn lhe ballroom dancing of Scotland. For 
more info call Tina at 452·2735. At lhe W. Balcony of 
the Main Gym. Free. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 6 

9:00 I .m.· 4:00 p.m.- Fall Feslival on the Green. KVi_ 
etnamese St.udent Association" will be selling Egg 
Rolls and French Sandwiches. Come by to learn more 
about V.S.A. On the Urey lawn. 
SA TURDA Y, OCTOBER 7 

8:00 p.m.- Vietnamese Student Associalion 12th 
annual inauguration. All SludenlS and faculty welcome. 
Live blind and entertainment. AI the Price Center 
Ballroom. Free. 

SERVICESIWORKSHOPS 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2 

2:00 p ••• -Convenience? Safety? Pleasure? What are 
your concerns about birlh control? Find :lui about all 
the advantages and disadvanlage5 of each method at the 
8irlh Control info session with a Stude", Hcalih Advo-
cate. At the Siudent Health Service. firsl floor resource 
room. 

J:08 p ..... 5:OOp.III.-RED1J (RECOVERING FROM 
EATING DISORDERS) GROUP. This group is de· 
siped for students who rqularly engage in binge 
purae patterns but want 10 slOp the cycle. Wilh lOIS of 
support, students will work both in and out of group to 
undentand themselvcs and to chanie their behavior. It 
is recommended 10 bepn with a RED I group before 
coming 10 this one. Led by Kalhy Kashima, 534-3.58.5. 
Call Kalhy for information and sign.up. At 1003 Gal· 
nth Hall. 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3 

1:10 p.1II.-Scx without unwanted preptancy? Learn 
dilferem ways 10 ellCMC. just in case. Condoma. dia-
JIhra8m. cervical caps and other methods of birlh con· 
trol are discussed. AI the SlUdent Health Service. 
second floor. 
WEDNESDA Y, OCTOBER 4 

1:10 p.m.-Nine OUI of ten women who use chance II 
their birth control metbod find themselvCl pregnant 
within a year. More women win the lottery than do not 
get preJIUIIIL Find out about all your birlh control 
options from a fellow SlUdent Health Advocate. AI the 
Studem Health Servia:. second floor. 

3:tOp.m.-4:JOp.m.-ASIANS111DENTSSUPPORT 
GROUP. This group is desiJOed 10 address the c0n-
cerns of Asian slUdents aI UCSD in a problem solving 
and supportive atmosphere. Issues such as family s)'S' 
IemS in cullUraitransition. etllnic idenlily, Ii vin, in two 
cultures as students. communicating with others, and 
vocational and academic stress are poui bIe discussion 
topics. Led by Jeanrle Manese. 534-3035. Call Jeanne 
for information and sign-up. At 1003 Galbraith Hall. 

3:00 p.m.·5:00 p.m.- ASSERTIVENESS TRAIN-
ING WORKSHOP. This workshop is geared 10 im· 
prove Orle's elTeCliveness in the expression and com-
municalion of feelings. wants. needs. and issues of im-
portance 10 the individual. This will include the ability 
10 say no. place requeslS. and stand up for one', rights 
regardless of whether the person's natural tendencies 
are 10 be overly shy. aggressive or passive in the 
manner of communicating with others. Led by Yvette 
Mitrani. ,534·1725. Call Y vene for informal ion. AI1he 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5 

1:00 p.m.-You waR! it all. and you want" now? Find 
OUI wh:u it takes 10 be all you can be althe we ll woman 
session (i nfo. on heallh. nu trition. pelvic eXanl. etc. 
from a studenl health advocale). AI the SludeR! Health 
Service. second floor. 

FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 6 

2:00 p.m.·J:JO p.m.- ALCOHOL AND SUB· 
STANCE ABUSE GROU P. If you have ever asked 
"00 I have a problem?". chances are you do have a few 
things to talk abouL Led by Dan Munoz. Call Dan at 
534-1579 for infoonalion. AI the Revelle Provost's 
Officc. 

4:00 p.m.-6:00 p.m.-CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. 
A weekly infoonalion group on the issues. concerns 
and quality of life of the Black community at UCSD. 
Led by Phil Raphael. 534·0252. and CrysUII Shannon. 
At the Mountain View Lounge. 

• 

/ 

Monday, Ocotber 2, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

data 
systems 

I -.-. 
UNIVERSITY 
---_._---

-----~-- ' --~- -- --=--:: 
-- -----

- -

::" •• !~ 
WELCOMES UCSD BACK TO SCHOOL 

with special pricing through Oct. 30 on NEW !!!!!!!~R~T.La ptop 
Less than 6 pounds with battery! 

Take it everywhere-in your briefcase or backpack! 

Model 1 51332 Model2 S1865 
• I MB RAM .2 MB RAM 

ADDITIONAL HOT SPECIALS 

Desktop 386 16MHz 4MB-RAM 40MB HD Flat screen color monitor ..... $3777 

Desktop 386 25 and 33M Hz FREE! Flat screen color monitor ...... Call for price 

Desktop 286 8 MHz 20MB HD I MB RAM Flat screen color monitor ...... $2277 

Supersport-HR Laptop 8MHz 20MB HD 1200 Baud modem ............... $1999 

----------------------------------

. I 

Name 

100D FOR ONE FlEE &1fT 
Whll. "uantltl •• lalt 

Address -----____________ _ 

Phone 

Facuhy 0 Student 0 Staff 0 

I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------------~ 

Open House 
Demonstration 

Thursday, October 5 
University Bookstore 

Computer Center 
. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

2S 



.... 

26 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1989 

Men's Soccer 0-3-1 in Last Four Games 

usn Trips Tritons 1-0 in Overtime 
By JASON SNELL 
Contributing Writer 

You've got to wonder how good 
UCSD men's soccer team's record 
could be ifits schedule wasn 'tclut -
tered with so many Division I and 
NAJA opponents. 

After coming off a rigorous 
three-game road stretch in which 
they dropped two 1-0 games, tied a 
scoreless match, and saw their 31-
game unbeaten streak broken, the 
Triton soccer squad was hoping 
for a happy homecoming. 

Instead, they came home to find 
the confines of Nonh Campus 
Stadium not so cozy, as the Tritons 
fell 1-0 to yet another non-divi-
sional opponent. The University 
of San Diego Toreros, ranked sillth 
in the Division I western region, 
raised their record t09-2 by edging 
the Tritons in overtime. 

The Triton defense has re-
mained strong throughout the sea-
son, never giving up more than one 
goal in any match. Friday was no 
different, as the Torero managed 
only six shots on goal and tallied 
the game's only score on a penalty 
kick by Tom Crane 2 :30 into the 
first of two IS-minute overtime 
periods. 

Triton goalie Brian Siljander 
played a major role in regulation 
time by making several spectacu-
lar saves. 

The defense kept the Tritons in 
the match - as they have been 
doing all season - as their offense 
has struggled against its recent 
Division I and NAlA opposition. 
UCSD has scored only one goal in 
its past four matches. 

USD played a hard, physical 
match which took away some of 
the Triton offensive attack. Scott 
Rommel. UCSD's team leader in 

goals. was tripped twice by Torero 
defenders just as he broke into the 
open and began driving toward the 
goal. 

In addition to various 

violations, officials handed out 
numerous yellow cards to players 
from both teams as tempers flared 
in this cross-ci ty rivalry. 

G .... BeaeIIOuardllll1 
The Tritons have had difficulty running away from the Division I 
and NAIA competition in recent games. 

University Bookstore 
DEDICATION CELEBRATION 

Join the University Bookstore in its biggest celebration evert 

ONE DAY SALE 
Tuesday, October 3 
7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 

200/0 oft! 
Includes 

·General books 
-Technical books 

• Sweatshirts, t-shirts and sportswear 
-Greeting cards and gifts 

• School, oHice and art supplies 

(Special orders, medical books and textbooks not included. 
Discount does not apply to calculators, computers, 
computer supplies or Sunshine Store merchandise.) 

, .... ,. .... ~ .. ,. ... ,. 

.... "" .. , ... "" ..... "" ... ~~~ ~JIt~~~~' f".... ".I" ... "" ..... ¥ .. ,,.~ .~~JIt"~JIt 
' ... "'" .... ¥" .. ... ".1 ... ~ ~ I~ __ ~' I ~ JIt . • • f". ,"". .¥ • 
• ,. ,. .. JIt 
'. . ... "" .. . ~ .~~~". 4" ... ¥" ..... v.. 

it ~ ~JIt" ~JIt 
,." ..... ¥" ..... "" .. , /II,.~JIt~~~~. 

..... ¥" ..... ¥" ..... v.. 
,. ~JIt ~ ~ JIt ,. ~ JIt 

lJ~IVERSI1Y 

Call 534-READ for more information. LleSD 

game when we play UCSD," said 
Seamus McFadden. USD's head 
coach. 

USD always plays with an ell-
tremely aggressive style. accord-
ing to Triton Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong. 

"Physically. this was one of the 
quietest games we 've played 
against them." he said. "I always 
expect to see a lot of physical 
contact." 

After the loss to the Toreros. the 
defending Division III national 
champion Tritons find themselves 
with a 5-3-2 record and in danger 
of falling out of the Division III 
national top 20. 

"We'll probably drop out." 
Armstrong stated. "But it shouldn't 
be like that. We've been playing 
Division I and NAIA teams -
teams that you won't see on most 
Division III teams' schedules." 

In addition to the difficult sched-
ule, Armstrong pointed to the fre-
quency of games (seven in twelve 
days. five of those on the road) as 
a reason forthe team' s recent skid. 
Yet despite having an excuse to 
sound gloomy. Armstrong man-
aged to remain positive about his 
team. 

"Even though [the USD match] 
was the poorest we 've played, we 
weren't that far away from beating 
them," he said. "Hopefully the 
young players can keep coming 
along, but they'd better come along 
quick." 

In the long run, the stiff sched-
ule might be to the Tritons' advan-
tage. After facing such capable 
competition. and coming out of it 
with a string of near-victories. the 
players may be better prepared for 
the playoffs and a defense of their 
championship . 

The matches of the next two 
weeks - their first against Divi-
sion 1II squads - will determine if 
the Tritons can still dominate on 
their designated level. 

On Wednesday, however, the 
Tritons will host a3:30p.m. scrim-
mage 'with USC. 

Auto Parts Club 
opens soon! 
C- .-ow with ~ Parts 

Club, the -' corapt In !he 
auIIIIaft.rn.rbt, CI$ _ open_ 
first memllership warehoUse. 

W.' re looking for briaht CIJ" 
. IriendIY people lor the ~poIitiom: 

'i:~. ~ 

Monday, October 2, 1989 

W.POLO 
Continued from page 18 
goals to the Anteaters' two - but 
UCI still prevailed 13-9. 

UCSD was paced in scoring by 
McConville, Sells and Brown with 
two goals apiece, and single goals 
from Todd Brinton, Vance and 
Corbin Walburger. UCSD's nine 
goals were scored against Irvine 

goalie Chris Duplanty, a member 
of the U.S. National Team and the 
backup goalie for the 1988 U.S. 
Olympic team. 

Coach Harper noted that even 
though the Tritons were not able to 
pull out any ofthe three games, the 
weekend was oot a total loss. 

"All thrfoJe [losses J will be worth-
while whc.n we beat USC Wednes-
day night." 

Brlal Morrta.'Guardian 

Beth Selby (12) and UCSD didn't quite measure up to Chapman. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the enJry on an 8 112" 

by 11 " piece o/paper along with 
your nlJflle, year in school, home-
town, col/ege you attend at 
UCSD, major, address, and 
phone number to Sports Editor, 
UCSD Guardian, 8 -016. La 
Jolla , CA 92093. You can also 
drop it off in the sports editor's 
box at the Guardian office, lo-
cated on the second floor 0/ the 
Old Student CenJer across/rom 
the gym. 

• All UCSD stl.dents. staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, ex-
cept for Guardian staff mem-
bersandemployeeso/B}'sCI"-
cap Piruri4. 

• The person who comes up 
with the most correct answers, 
as determined by the judges, will 
be declared the grand prize 
winner and will be recognized 
when the quiz is printed the fol-
lowing week. In the evenJ of a 
tie,adrawing will be held to de-
Termine the grand prize winner. 
Those correct entries not se-
lected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-up. 

• Only one enJry per person, 
per week. Entries must be at the 
Guardian by 5 p.m. Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive two $5 gift certificates 
from BJ's. Runners-up can ob-
tain coupons goodfor free soda 
or Michelob when dining at B}'s 

Sports Trivia 
Quiz 

Chicago Pizuria, located in La 
Jolla Village Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. A's power hitler Mark 

McGwire's brother is the quar-
terback for what college team? 

2. What is Arizona State's 
mascot? 

3. Joey Browner plays for 
which NFL team? 

4. Who manages the Balti-
more Orioles? 

5, What is Tens reliever 
Russell's first name? 

6. Andre Dawson has played 
for which two major league teams 
during his career? 

SPORTS 27 

7. Wh&t is the name of the 
place where the Phoenill Cardi-
nals play foolt'tall? 

8. In his six full seasons as a 
major leaguer, how many times 
has Tony Gwynn reached the 200-
hit plateau? 

9. Indians ' outfielder Joe 
Carter was originally brought up 
with what major league team? 

10. What is the name of the 
goalie on UCSD's men's water 
polo team? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Jose Canseco 
2. Chris Evert 
3. Cleveland Municipal Sta-

dium 
4. Steve Wal sh & Troy 

Aikman 
5. Stacey Toran 
6. Ken Griffey & Ken Grif-

fey Jr. 
7. Bill Walsh 
8, 300, 12 
9. Betsy King 
10. Carrick Brewster & Scott 

Rommel 

Last week's winner: 
David Fond 
Sophomore, Warren 
Economics 
Los Angeles. CA 
Number correct: 10 

DriveYollr 
Mac to School 

For Less. I N T R o D lJ c I N G 
Jasmine's DirectDrive: 20 $399 

Now you can tote)OOt data instead ci)OOt Macintosh® with Jasmine's 
20 megabyte extemaI hard disk. For $399 (regularly $549) you get 
Jasmine's Macwor\d World Class Award-winning DirectDrive 20 
equipped with a two·year guarantee. plus 5 megabytes of 
Shareware/Public Domaln software and SlJM1" II (a $149 value). 
Cali our University Sales Coordinator direct and find out how you 
can save $150 off our DirectDrive 20, or inquire about student 
saq for other Jasmine products. 

Alljasmfne DircclDrlves Feature: 
• lWo·year parts and labor wamrll)\ 

3(kiay money back guarantee 
• Drid'M'e, 111 the pow!rlul Jasmine hard 

disk mailrenance utiIiIy 
• Jasmile's Han! Disk Enqdopedia 

'AI~~ 
• Free teieplone technical support 

o Jasmine 
1-800-347-3228 

COLLEGE NIGHT 
Tuesdays 

10-0UNCE DRAFT BEER .. .... .... ..... ...... 50 C 
MARGARITAS ... .... .. ....... ..... .... .. .... .. $2.00 
LONG ISLAND TEAS ....... ... , ... .......... $2.00 
SAFARI FOOD SPECIALS .......... .. ...... $1.49 

o A 

S u M~S"1AUTI'GM' ..&CC~1,OM N drink spec-i(lts 
a.Dr~ d receil'e these ~ 
,..r . pav stub (In ... . . 
Brillg ill a . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 00 

S .. ' $2. Dral t B~er . .. ... ........ ... . . ...... $2.00 
Margantas .... .. ' 
Long Is\ands 

8980 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
Pro",,/' I. D. required 

La Jolla. 587 -1993 



28 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 2, 1989 

Sports 
BGIF Not So Incredible for Tritons 
Pepperdine Drops 
Men's Water Polo 
in OT; Weekend 
Not Kind to UCSD 

Men's Soccer Beaten 1-0 by USD 
Women's V-ball 
Derailed by 
Chapman; Gets By 
La Verne Saturday 

By LES BRUVOLD 
Contributing Writer 

Three game in three days 
against top-ten opponent . A diffi-
cult challenge for any team, even 
the ninth-ranked UCSD men's 
water polo team. 

Unfortunately for the Tritons, 
they found out just how difficult it 
was after 10 ing three ucce sive 
games to Pepperdine, Long Beach 
State and UC Irvine this weekend. 

Friday' 12-9 home los to 
Pepperdine was an especially hard 
one to swallow for the Triton . 

UCSD was ahead for most of 
the game as it was powered to an 
early lead with goal by Ja on 
Vance and Peter McConville. The 
Triton owned a 6-3 halftime edge 
and maintained an 8-6 advantage 
late in the fourth quarter on a tir-
ring goal by Ja on "Turtle" Brown. 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

Better than an E-ticket ride at 
Disneyland ... better than the Co-
lossus at Magic Mountain ... even 
better than a trip down to the track 
at Del Mar. Yes, a new ride has 
been unveiled at UCSD and it is 
called "Triton Women's Volley-
ball. " 

The Triton women's volleyball 
team has been riding a roller coaster 
of inconsistency all season long, 
and its games this weekend were 
no different. UCSD fell to Divi-
sion II Chapman College 15- 10, 
15-4, 11-15, 15-8 on Friday but re-
covered to defeat the V niversity of 
La Verne in five games on Satur-
day. 

In both games, the Tritons ex·· 
cited their fans with displays of 
their championship form of sea-
sons past, but then disappointed 
them with play evident among run-
of-the-mill Division III squads. 

With a little over three minutes 
remaining in the game, the Wave ' 
Rafael Gandarillas was ejected 
from the game for poor conduct, 
awarding the Tritons a four-meter 
penalty shot. 

McConville's ensuing shot was 
blocked by the Pepperdine goalie, 
who i the backup on the Austra-
lian Olympic team. From that point 
onward, the game belonged to the 
rejuvenated Waves. 

Grea 8enaIGuardian 
Triton senior Mike Kappes (7) twists up a USD defender on this play, but the Toreros stole 
a 1-0 overtime victory on Friday in front of the home fans at North Campus Stadium. The 
loss was the Tritons' third in their last four games, dropping the defending Division III 
National Champion's record to 5-3-2. See related story, page 26. 

The major problem for the Tri-
tons this year has been their inabil-
ity to keep the ball in play for long 
stretches at a time. This was no-
where more apparent than in the 
second game of their loss to 
Chapman. Making errors in all 

Pepperdine netted two quick 
goals to tie the core at eight. The 
Waves repeatedly threatened to 
score, but were held off by a sud-
denly stingy Triton defense as the 
game was forced into overtime. 

In the extra period, the Waves 
outscored UCSD 4-1, resulting in 
an extremely tough 13-9 loss for 
the upset-minded Tritons. Vance 
led the UCSD squad with three 
goals and McConville added two. 

On Saturday, the Tritons trav-
eled north with hopes of up etting 
fifth-ranked Long Beach State, but 

came away empty-handed when 
the 4gers recorded a 10-6 victory. 
Triton Head Coach Denny Harper 
thought his team "responded well 
(in Saturday 's game) despite a frus-
trating loss Friday night to Pepper-
dine." 

In the last game of UCSD's 
grueling weekend schedule, the 
Tritons went under for the third 
time when second-ranked UC Irv-
ine managed a \3-9 win. 

The game began auspiciously 
for the Tritons as they hung right 
with the highly-touted Anteaters 
and trailed by a slim I-Oedge a5. the 

first period came to a close. 
The teams traded goals for the 

better part of the next two quarters, 
and UCSD closed to within three 
at 7-4 on Todd Sells' power-play 
goal. Late in the third quarter, VCI 
rattled off four unanswered goals 
in a minute-and-a-half, resulting 
in a formidable 11 -4 Irvine advan-
tage. McConville added a goal for 
the Tritons to make the score 11-5 
when the third quarter buzzer 
sounded. 

The final period was kinder to 
the Tritons - they netted four 

See W. POLO, page 27 

This Week's Intercollegiate Sports AUractions ... 
mw mw IW. 1:iDK 
Cross Country at Biola Invitational Saturday 10:00 a.m. 
Soccer (M) USC (Scrimmage) Wednesday 3:30 p.m. 

WHITI'IER COLLEGE Friday 3:30 p.m. 
at U.S. International Sunday 1:00 p.m. 

Soccer (W) at Cal Poly Pomona Saturday 7:00 p.m. 
Volleyball (W) at Cal State San Bernardino Saturday 7:30 p.m. 
Water Polo (M) WHITTIER Friday 7:30 p.m. 

USC Wednesday 7:00 p.m. 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

See W. V ·BALL, page 19 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

(Phil is currently 1.2) 

A Bay Bridge Series? 
Favorite 
Athletics 
Giants 

Spread 
1 Game* 
Even* 

Underdo~ 
Blue Jays 
Cubs 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... Could it be? Could the seemingly 
impossible dream finally come true? Will the Oakland A's 
and San Francisco Giants finally meet in the dramatic 
showdo\Vn that I've been waiting for all my life? Will the 
Bay become the Area of Champions? Well, on paper, this 
looks like it will come true. But let's not get too excited -
if the whimpering, pitiful Dodgers can beat the A 's in the 
World Series, who k~ows what Toronto might do? And 
don't count the Cubs out, either. But hey - this is the year 
for the Bay Area. The San Francisco 4gers took the Super 
Bowl, the Golden Slate Warriors surprised everybody by 
reaching the playoffs and sweeping heavily favored Utah 
in the first round, and the A's and Giants are going to meet 
in the Grand Finale. Next year? Who knows. But for now, 
PHIL requires you to take the ... 

A's and GIANTS 
·()(r", .. llinc from the &) B';'I~. 1,til I'/u-JJ. Oukland. CA 


