
SPORTS 
Whittier Ends Season 
For Men's Lacrosse 16 

IMeiUti 
Brash, Outrageous, Jane's Addiction 
Is Coming To San OIego h1 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1989 VOLUME 67, *8 ® 

Peter M_oItiaa/ GUQrdiQ1l 

R ........ lterl ... - Governor George Deukmejian spoke in Mandeville Auditorium Monday to com-
memorate the Armenian holocaust. 

Governor Speaks On Campus 
About 1915 Armenian Holocaust 
By SETH SLATER 
N~ws Editor 

Seventy-four years after the 
Armenian holocaust of 1915, 
Governor George Deukmejian 
spoke in Mandeville Auditorium 
Monday night on what has been 
called "the first genocide of the 
20th century." 

message was one of hope and 
optimism. 

"Today, as we sit here together," 
he said, "we are the living proof of 
the impotence of evil against good 
. .. of death against life." 

Deukmejian went on to explain 
that he had recently attended the 
opening of a Conference on the 
Armenian Genocide held in Sac-
ramento. 

There, he said, a major theme 
ofthe Conference was the need to 
keep the memory of the holocaust 
alive. 

"That's the only way that we 

can ever prevent these horrors 
from happening again. If the 
world's tyrants know that they 
can escape mankind's judgement 
of their heinous deeds, if they feel 
that they can get away with geno-
cide, then there will be more gen-
ocides," Deukmejian said. 

The governor noted that two 
years ago he signed legislation to 
fund the production of a film on 
the Armenian holocaust which he 
said will be completed this year. 
He hopes the film will be used as a 
teaching tool in the state's schools. 

See SPEECH, pale 3 

Police Actions Still 
Questioned by Price 
Center Protesters 

By PORSCHE SHANTZ 
Staff Writ~r 

As of yesterday, it was unde-
termined whether the charges 
against those arrested at last Fri-
day's Price Center protest would 
be forwarded to the city attor-
ney's office or if it would only be a 
matter for the Student Affairs 
Office. 

Among the charges against the 
arrested students are obstructing 
and delaying a police officer, mis-
demeanor battery on a peace 
officer, and malicious mischief/ 
vandalism. 

According to UCSD Police 
Detective Sergeant Bob Jones, aU 
of those arrested were booked on 
what is called a "notify warrant. " 

In other words, should the City 
Attorney's Office feel that there 
are sufficient grounds to issue 
arrest warrants, those arrested 
will be notified of their court 
dates. 

One arrested protester, who 
requested anonymity, said that he 
was treated ":nore than fair .. . by 
the officers I dealt with - espe-
cially Officer Rose. 

"Me and him are in complete 
agreement about what happened. 
He even listened to me about why 
I took part in the demonstration. 
He was really cool," he said. 

The student was, however, 
"quite alarmed at the treatment I 
received from the one officer 
[who] had my wrist bent to the 
point of breaking .. . all the way to 
the station." 

According to him, the officer 

said, "If you flinch, 111 pop it. " 
Gethren Noble, an arrested 

protester, had no complaints 
about his treatment by police. 

"They didn't physically abuse 
me to the point of pain," he said, 
but added that "they should have 
read [Miranda] rights at the time 
of arrest." 

But Police Chief John Ander-
son noted that the law doesn't 
require Miranda rights to be given 
until questioning of the suspect 
takes place. 

'lThe arrestees] weren't asked 
any questions outside of identifi-
cation, but they were finaJly given 
their rights by someone because 
they kept requesting it," Ander-
son said. 

Carrie Wilson, a counseling 
. attorney at Student Legal Servi-

ces, agreed with Anderson and 
said that the reading of Miranda 
rights "doesn't have to do with 
when they are taken into custody. 
[The police] only have to read you 
your rights if they ask you ques-
tions. 

"The common misconception, " 
she continued, "is that they have 
to read you yoUr rights as soon as 
they arrest you," Wilson added. 

However, according to Jeffrey 
Kile, another student arrested at 
the protest, "We were asked a 
number of questions like 'What 
do you think you're doing?' before 
being read Miranda [rights] and 
after being taken into custody." 

Anderson assisted in the ap-
prehension of some of the protes-

See CLASH, pale 7 

After delivering a speech in 
which he denounced the actions 
of the Ottoman Turks over seven 
decades ago as "one of the most 
massive crimes in the history of 
the world," Deukmejian read a 
proclamation declaring April 24 
an official "State Day of Remem-
berance" for the 1.5 million vic-
tims of the genocide. 

Migacz Disqualified From Elections, Will Appeal 
"What makes genocide so evil 

is not only the enormous number 
of deaths that are involved," the 
governor said, "but also the ele-
ments of premeditated murder 
and extreme hatred against an 
innocent people." 

Doctor Ara Ketenjian, an 
orthopedic surgeon in EI Cajon 
spoke before Deukmejian. He 
recently traveled to Armenia in 
an effort to lend aid to victims of 
last December's earthquake. 

Following a graphic account of 
the atrocities perpetrated against 
some of the holocaust's victims, 
Ketenjian spoke in metaphorical 
terms of Turkish brutality. 

"Like the threshing floor of 
flails, they thrashed the children 
. . . and in place of grain, rivers of 
blood began to stream forth and 
in place of straw, the bones flowed 
forth like dust," he said. 

Despite Ketenjian's somber 
contemplations, his overarchilll 

By RANDY DOTINGA 
Staff Writer 

A.S. vice president external 
candidate Mishka Migacz was 
disqualified from the A.S. run-off 
elections Monday, by a unani-
mous vote of a formal board of 
inquiry. 

The results of the race, released 
Tuesday, showed that Migacz 
received 809 votes, while her 
opponent Craig Peters received 
805 votes. 

Despite the A.S. Election 
Committee board decision to dis-
qualify Migacz, Peters' hold on 
the office of vice president exter-
nal may be contested , as Migacz 
plans to appeal the decision to the 
A.S. Judicial Board . 

Migacz was found guilty ofvio-
lating A.S. bylaws in three separ-
ate instances. The complaints were 
filed against her by Peters, accord-
ing to A.S. Elections Manager 

Julia Ramirez. 
Peters' first two allegations 

against Migacz were that she vio-
lated Muir College posting laws 
prohibiting door-to-door solicita-
tion and that she failed to report 
campaign flyers used in the run-
off election. 

His third allegation concerned 
Migacz's appearance at the 
Women's Resource Center 
(WRC) rally held the same day as 
the run-off elections. 

During her speech at the rally, 
which occurred on the Student 
Center side of the hump as voting 
took place simultaneously on the 
Gym steps, Migacz mentioned 
her own name and read from a 
prepared text behind which she 
held a flyer, visible to the audience, 
which read, "Vote Mishka." 
• According to Ramirez, by dis-

playing the flyer and announcing 
her name, Migacz made the event 
political, alleaedly in violation of 

several election bylaws. 
"Craig Peters had a very good 

case, with good information in 
terms of the evidence he sub-
mitted .. . [Migacz's] case was just 
really weak . . . She provided us 
with no evidence whatsoever," 
said Ramirez, the non-voting head 
of the board of inquiry. 

'l·Migacz] didn't just commit 
one minor violation . .. she com-
mitted three major violations. 
That gave her an unfair advan-
tage over me, and consequently 
affected the outcome of the elec-
tion," Peters said. 

Migacz maintains that he is 
innocent of the alleged violations, 
and said she plans to appeal the 
board's decision to the A.S. Judi-
cial Board. 

"I wouldn't continue going on 
if I didn't know I was right ... 1 
am honest. I don't feel that I 
committed violations," she said. 

hi regard to allegedly violating 

Muir college posting rules, Migacz 
claimed that she got approval for 
soliciting for votes from Muir 
Assistant Dean Kathie Poff. 

In a previous interview, Poff 
said that she did not give Migacz 
a definite approval, nor did she 
expressly disapprove Migacz's 
solicitations. 

As to allegedly not reporting 
the flyers in question, Migacz said 
that she did turn in the receipts to 
the A.S. Office for her run-off 
election campaign flyers and feels 
that the office may have lost the 
receipts. 

" It' easy to lose things. We 
have to allow for mistakes here," 
she said. 

A.S. Secretary Patty Sullivan, 
however, said that Migacz "never 
turned in the flyer she's stating she 
turned in, or it would have been 
receipted. It doesn't get lost." 

In response to Peters' charges 
See MIGACZ, pate 3 



S H 0 RT S ~------=~ _______ ~ 
I '--~ .......... "" _U_C N_EW_S ~I I a:' SPOTLIGHT 
UC Berkeley Faculty Members to 
Vote on Ethnic Studies Requirement 

BERKELEY - Five months after UC Berkeley 
faculty members postponed the decision of whether 
undergraduates should be required to study ethnic 
minorities, the American cultures proposal has been 
revised and includes whites among the groups to be 
studied . 

The finalized proposal has been mailed to Berke-
ley's 2,100 faculty members who are scheduled to vote, 
on the issue this week. 

If the proposal passes, undergraduate students will 
be required to pass one course focusing on at least 
three out of five ethnic groups in American society -
black, Latino, Asian American, Native American, and 
European American. 

If the requirement is approved, first-year students 
entering Berkeley in or after the fall of 1991 could ful-
fill the graduation requirement with a wide range of 
courses that would meet other breadth or major 
requirements as well. Opponents had argued against 
slapping an extra requirement on top of already 
demanding course loads, but proponents argued that 
it may not add an extra course. 

- Heather Jones, The Daily Californian 

U C Riverside Business Fraternity Starts 
Textbook Buy Back Program 

RIVERSIDE - Members of the professional busi-
ness fraternity Delta Sigma Pi at UCR introduced a 
student run co-op textbook buy back plan this 
quarter. 

A student who wishe to use the program offers his 
or her textbook to the fraternity, which collects a 50 
cent charge as a storage fee . A 1·5 percent mark-up is 
added to the student seller's price. If the book is not 
sold, the program returns the book to the owner. The 
storage fee , however, will not be returned. 

All of the revenue generated is used to fund the fra-
ternity. One member of the fraternity admitted that 
the operation was not free of problems, but said it is 
working. Problems mentioned were the absence of a 
refund policy, lack of storage for books, and minor 
staffing problems at the buy back tables. 

- Palwel WeI, Highlander 

Brandeis Used Book Sale to Take 
Place at La Jolla Village Square 

The 36th annual Brandeis Used Book Sale will take 
place May I through May 6 from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. in 
the La 10lla Village Square Mall. Sunday, April 30 
will be a preview day from noon to 5 p.m. The sale 
requests a S3 donation for the preview day, but 
admission is free during the sale. 

The Used Book Sale will be located on the second 
floor of the La 10lla Village Square Mall in room 
208. Leftover books will be donated to social service 
agencies. 

The book sale is sponsored by the San Diego 
Chapter of the Brandeis University National Women's 
Committee. For additional information, caU 
454-5075 . 

San Diego Animal Advocates Protesting 
VivMectionisCs Durinl UCSD Open House 

On the day of UCSD's Open House, the San Diego 
Animal Advocates have scheduled a march on UCSD 
laboratories. The protesters will gather Sunday, 
April 30 at 11 :30 a.m. outside the Basic Science 
Building. 

In a publicity flyer, the marchers are encouraged to 
wear black and are promised a walking tour of cam-
pus animal laboratories, "Vivisector of the Year" 
awards, and a funeral ceremony to mourn the dead. 

According to the flyer, Animal Advocates is hold-
ing the march dl ring Open House to "tell the public 
what goes on behind locked laboratory doors." 

Physicians for Social Responsibility 
Sponsor Discussion on Nuclear Waste 

The Physicians for Social Responsibility are spon-
soring an evening discussing "The Hydrologic and 
Geologic Aspects of Nuclear Waste Disposal in Nev-
ada and New Mexico." The program will begin at 6 
p.m. with a potluck and the speech will begin at 7:45 
p.m. at the home of Dr. Kripke at 8437 Sugarman 
Drive in La Jolla. 

Michael Compana, a hydrogeologist at the Desert 
Research Institute, will be the featured speaker. He is 
currently on sabbatical at UC Santa Cruz. He has 
worked on various tasks related to the Nevada Test 

by Berke Breathed 
_--1IIIIIIIIi 

Site, and the proposed high level nuclear waste reposi-
tory at Yucca Mountain. 

The Physicians for Social Responsibility is a 
national non-profit organization whose purpose is to 
educate the public about the hazards of nuclear war 
and the current need to redefine the concept of 
national security. There are approximately 700 
members locally, many of whom make up a Speakers 
Bureau, and are available for meetings, talks and dis-
cussions. The members meet regularly for informal 
updates and briefings. 

UCSD Quarterly Blood Drive on Campus 
May 1, 2 and 3 in Price Center 

The UCSD Quarterly Blood Drive will take place 
on campus May I, 2, and 3 at the Cove in the Price 
Center from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 

Anyone between the ages of 18 and 65, weighing 
110 pounds or more, and in good health may donate. 
Donations take about 45 minutes. 

Donations provide a means of replenishing the 
UCSD blood reserve fund which offers blood to 
UCSD students, staff and faculty and their immediate 
families without requiring payment of the blood 
bank's replacement. 

All donors receive free refreshments and a San 
Diego Blood Bank T-shirt. 

Open House Tournament to 
Be Held in Peterson HaU 

UCSD will host the eighth annual High School 
College Bowl Tournament on Sunday, April 30, from 
10 a.m. to 4 p.m., in Peterson Hall. 

The High School College Bowl coincides with 
UCSD's campuswide Open House and is hosted by 
the Student Outreach and Recruitment office. 

Teams from 16 San Diego County schools will 
compete in the contest, which follows the national 
College Bowl rules and regulations. College Bowl is a 
question-and-answer game played between two teams 
of four players and two alternates. Teams play for 
two rounds, with winning teams continuing to partic-
ipate in elimination rounds. 

UCSD staff, students, and faculty coordinate and 
moderate the event, which is open to the public. This 
year's special moderator is Artie Ojeda, a reporter 
with KFMB-TV in San Diego. 

The tournament is funded through a grant from the 
UCSD Scholarship Office and three scholarships will 
be awarded. The team winning first place will receive 
$ 1,750, second place will receive $ 1,000, and the third 
place winners will receive $750. 

The distribution of the scholarship is determined by 
the team and the coach. It can be divided among four 
st udents admitted to UCSD for fall of 1989 or, if 
only one of the four team members is admitted, the 
entire scholarship is awarded to that member. 

U CSD Extension Offers Weekend 
Seminar Exploring Crime Writing 

Who-done-its, how-done-its, open stories, closed 
stories, building suspense, creating horror, and plan-
ning the caper - all are part of a weekend seminar on 
crime writing offered May 6-7 through UCSD 
Extension. 

Topics also include criminal investigation; the crim-
inal mind; organized crime; legal issues; street, prison, 
underworld, and police slang; weapons; violence; and 
stu nt planning. 

Students will learn how to develop interesting char-
acters, develop a plot, create and write a crime story, 
and write a sample scene. The instructor is Martin 
Roth, who has over 400 produced television screen-
plays to his credit including "Hart to Hart ," "Night-
stalker," .. McCloud," " ironside, " and more. 

"Solving the Mystery of Crime Writing" will be 
held at UCSD Extension from 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday 
and Sunday, May 6-7. The fee is S75. For further 
information call UCSD Extension. 

UCSD Students to Attend Conference 
On Fighting for a Better Education 

The third annual conference of the California 
Alliance of Progressive Student Activists will take 
place this Saturday at UCLA. The topic is "The Chal-
lenge of the '9Os: Winning A Democratic Education." 

Some of the workshops that will be offered include: 
"Open Minds, Open Books - Bringing Relevance to 
the Classroom"; "A ation at Risk: The Real Crisis in 
Education"; "Building a Statewide Movement for 
Education"; and "Uniting Again t Campu Racism." 
Registration for the conference and workshop is $6 
at the door. 

For information on free transportation and lodging 
in Los Angeles contact Darren at 558-2545. 

-Compiled by Lees. K. Light 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS Thursday, April 17, /989 3 

MIGACZ: Board of Inquiry Disqualifies A.S. Candidate 
Continued from page I 
concerning the WR C rally, 
Migacz said, "I never had intent 
for [the flyer) to show." " 

She said that her papers "were 
shifted" while Ramirez checked 
her speech. 

"The flyers would not have 
been showing if [Ramirez) had 
not been involved," he said . 

Migacz, though, would not go 
so far as to accuse Ramirez of 
intentionally shifting the flyer to 

the bottom of her speech packet, 
and Ramirez denied interfering 
with Migacz's papers. 

"She just showed me the top 
page .. .1 didn't touch anything," 
the elections manager said. 

Migacz felt that the charges 
aga inst her were a political ploy 
by Peters. 

"It's apparent that he's doing 
everything he can [to win the elec-
tion). . .I feel hurt. I feel like I have 
been attacked by another ca ndi-

date," she Gaid. 
Migacz added that she feels 

Peters committed several viola-
tions himself. 

She said that she did not file 
complaints against Peters on elec-
tion day, however, because " I was 
so emotionally hurt and crushed 
that I couldn'tthink atthe time .. .1 
don't have that opportunity now. 
I feel at a loss." 

Peters called Migacz's charges 
of violations against him "unjus-

tifiable and unsubstantiated ," but 
would not comment co ncerning 
her allegation of political oppor-
tunism. 

Migacz was angry that the 
board of inquiry would not con-
sider her charges against Peters. 

"They won't listen to anything I 
have to say about Craig Peters," 
she remarked . 

Migacz also felt that Ramirez's 
presence on the board of inquiry 
wa unfair. 

rules . .. but I don't decide that .. . 
That's what the board is for. " 

In another court of inquiry on 
Monday, the Election Committee 
dismissed charges of violating 
Revelle College posting policy 
against Revelle junior senator 
candidate lames Reiner due to 
insufficient evidence. The charges 
were filed by Reiner's opponent, 
Michael Connor. Results of the 
race were later released, showing 
that Reiner had won with 62.7 
percent of the vote. 

SPEECH: Holocaust Remembered 
"It's hard for justice to take 

place when a person involved in 
the investigation agai nst you is 
the very person heading the Elec-
tion Committee, ,. she said . Continued from page I 

The film, he said, "will be a 
valuable resource for teaching all 
students in our state about this 
too often overlooked part of world 
history." 

Deukmejian went on to say 
that modern day Turkish officials 
and some historians downplay 
the extent of the Armenian mas-
sacres. 

"This is why we must do every-
thing in our power to ensure that 
the world remembers what hap-
pened to our parents, our grand-
parents, [and our] other relatives 
in 1915," he said. 

Echoing Ketenj ian's optimistic 
outlook, Deukmejian observed 
that " While on this day, we seek 
to remember the past, let us not 
forget the present. We should 
thank God that there existed a 
place in this world where perse-
cuted people could find refuge . 
from repression. 

"America," he continued, "has 
always stood as a beacon of free-
dom for oppressed people every-
where and literally millions have 
come to our shores in search of 
that freedom and liberty." 

The governor went on to ex-
press his hope "that one day, all 
oppressed people of the world can 
find their promised land - just as 
we have been blessed to find 
ours." 

Also speaking Monday was 17-
year-old Alina Ohanian , a mem-
ber of San Diego's Sevan Chapter 
of the Homenetmen Scout Troop. 

the audience, which included a 
handful of survivors of the 1915 
holocaust. 

The scout called the commem-
oration "a time of mourning, 
sadness, and tears" as well as a 
time to "celebrate the undying 
spirit and the unbelievable per-
severance of our people." 

Life, she said, is something she 
has come to take for granted, but 
noted that the sacrifices of the 
genocide victims "would be nulli-
fied without my conscious effort 

to keep their memory alive ... 
There is an undying fire in my 
heart, a fire that wants to keep 
burning, a fire that needs to keep 
burning. 1 am determined to keep 
this fire aglow." 

Erik MusurIian, a co-founder 
of UCSD's Armenian Students 
Organization, called Deukme-
jian's proclamation "a step in the 
right direction toward the recog-
nition of the genocide" and felt 
that the commemorative cerem-
ony "went off very smoothly." 

Migacz added that she felt 
Ramirez is "unintentionally bi-
ased." 

"She has an interest in making 
sure she doesn't look bad . She's 
getting paid to be the elections 
manager," Migacz said of Ra-
mirez. 

''I'm not heading the investiga-
tion. I'm heading the board of 
inquiry, because that's part of my 
job," Ramirez responded . "I defi-
nitely think [Migacz) broke the 

Notice 
Part Iwo of a two part 

examination of the A.S. 
election process was orig-
inally scheduled to appear 
in this issue. Due 10 lack of 
space, however, the story 
will appear Monday. 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7OM'5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively WI and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
~--------------------__ I"------~ i ~!~:~~~;;~;~~. 
I r~' :ALL II I ~ 1450 94941 =:;,~ 
I mz - • 

• 

I 
Ohanian, the winner of an essay 

contest on "What April 24th 
Means to Me," read her essay to 

Peter M_roblan! Guardian 
Doctor Ara Ketenjian : "We are the living proof of the impotence of evil 
against good." 

II If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them About Us; If They Haven't Discovered I Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
~~AR RD. NExrOOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
J 
~''' ' Nt ~ 

8 ~D' . . - < 
, ~ 1.,.'-1. / .. 

-,H 1-' 
5Znttr 'IJ! ~is Q)ur jlkry jFair! 

<Senti, Noblt:s, ([om mons, :JI1elfeJJers All 

c - '";f.~~'C> 
.§und,..!!. ~. ~ir~t~ J.~ .f Apr:!, "'"",,:D .... ;n; 

On< ~.~ .. nd, "~ru: . ~u"""J .ruI ri.97~ .~"" 
A po1.r l .. ~G J"'~L .. ~'.s'oriou. :pri« IUrUrc i •• pe. 

T .. " t .ntl JI't.L,I.tI b,.'l;" .L Ihc <lul<.u11{.,.,. .. tJ,. ~r" 
on ci .1,,11 cont ;" "" ... 1'''05 .u ~t 7l~ 7.t11.i.s7l 

r~1I ~, Hu/1{..,.,. .r "'en ~J,). 
G@-,,-~~~ 

If it's mealtime, then it's 

Tacolim®e Q D 
Craving a filling, delicious 

AND guilt-free lunch? Try our 
CHICKEN FAJITA SAl AD 

• Made In a tasty whole wheat tortilla bowl 
• Filled to the top with 5-oz. choice white 

breast meat strips 
• Fresh tomatoes and crisp lettuce 
• Real cheddar cheese 
• Choice of dressings 

Just one of our many delicous meals. Come in and 
Taste the Real Difference™ 

La Jolla Village Square In the Ralph's Convenience 
Center. Just 3 minutes from campus. 

. FREE DRINK REFIUS nIl [TIP ,',"'Ie ~m. 



4 Thursday. Apri/17. 1989 

OPINION---~ 
__________________________ ~fikUcrD 

Hunter S. Thompson 
Two More Years 

Editor's note: The following is a "Best of Hunter S . Thompson" 
column. It was originally publi hed in May 1986. 

"On balance, he's still doing fine ," says a White House counselor, 
"and his problems are all fixable because it's still early." 

New. week memo on George Bush, 4/31 / 86 

J IMMY CARTER WA on TV last week, promoting hi new book on the "Larry King Show" and having a bit of sport with the 
working people in Washington. David Stockman had already put 

blood in the water, and the scent was irresistible. Jimmy was ina good 
mood, very wise and relaxed - but if there was trouble in the Big 
House, he definitely wanted a piece of it. 

There was not a lot of talk about his book. H e was hooked up with 
King on a remote-feed from somewhere in Alabama, a safe distance 
from Washington , and as he talked you could almost hear the mind of 
the long-dista nce sniper at work. 

He felt sorry for the president, he aid. Reagan was not only wrong 
and dumb, but now his advisers had betrayed him and the rest of the 
world was treating him like a stuffed owl because they knew he'd be 
gone in two years. 

Carter leaned heavily on thi last point. It was nothing personal, he 
said, and not even partisan politics. But somebody had to say it : The 
president ofthe United States no longer has credibility anywhere in the 
civilized world except Santa Barbara. 

All world leaders understand this, Jimmy explained. They know 
Mikhail Gorbachev is going to be around for a while, and they know 
Reagan won't. So of course they11 do business with the Soviets. They 
might humor Reagan, like they did at the summit meeting in Tokyo, 
but they will pay atte ntion to Gorbachev because they know in their 
hearts they will probably have to talk to him again. 

It was ominous wisdom, but nothing special. Any Southern politi-
cian can tell you about the hazards of making deals with a lame-duck 
governor, and Carter understands this as well as anybody. He did not 
get to the White House by misunderstanding politics. He was good at 
it, like Nixon, and they will both be worth watching for a while. 

We are in for some serious pOlitics in the next two years. The most 
powerful job in the world is going up for grabs, and George Bush is the 
only one standing in line for it. He is the heir apparent and has no 
choice but to run. 

This has created what they call "an interesting situation" in the 
political commu nity, where the current betting on George has taken a 
turn for the worse. 

G EO RG E BUSH WILL not be that lucky. Nobody is going to default in 1988: The takes are too high, and preachers will not 
make the nut. The starting line, this time, is going to look like 

the front row at the Honolulu Marathon. T here will be many candi-
dates, but most of them are still trying to lay low. 

Not even Pat Robertson has declared, despite Carter's observation 
that he is "drawing huge crowds" every time he appears in Iowa. Jimmy 
smiled the old smile when he said this . Pat Robertson is not going to 
win anything in 1988, and neither is George Bush. These are fast times in 
politics, and front-runners are swiftly discredited. Lyndon laRouche 
has come and gone in the quick space of two months, a nd George Bush 
will not last much longer. 

He will be gone by June, according to oil industry analysts, when the 
price of gasoline is up by 15 cents a gallon over May, and people are full 
of hate. 

That will not be a good time for any front-runner to be publicly 
identified as The Man Who Killed Cheap Gas in America - but Bush 
is going to be stuck with it. 

The electorate will tolerate almost anything except a sudden unex-
plained j ump of 15 cents a gallon at the pump, in a time of world glut on 
the oil market. 

That will not be politically acceptable in a year when Americans are 
suddenly afraid to travel anywhere in the world except in their own 
country. Between the menace of terrorism and the promise of cheap 
gas on the highways, a lot of people figured it was better to drive to 
Vancouver, or even St. Louis, instead of flying off to someplace like 
Cairo or Greece and risk getting blown sideways out of a TWA jet at 
30,000 feet above the Sea of Sardinia. 

It was humiliating, but it was not a bad deal at the price. There were 
rumors that it might fall below 50 cents a gallon by midsummer, if the 
Arabs kept flooding the market. 

It was at that point that George Bush bit the bullet, on behalf of his 
neighbors in Houston. It was not what he wanted, but it was a thing 
that had to be done, for political reasons ... he took a night flight to 
Jidda and leaned publicly on King Fahd of Saudi Arabia to go along 
with an emergency price-fixing scam that would stop the s lide and 
"stabilize the price of oil." 

It had fallen to $9.70 a barrel on April I, and at that point the joke 
was over. Texas was going bankrupt, and his people were on the line. 
They had not sent him to Washington all this time for nothing .... 

And George understood, like a c hampion. By the time he got back 
from Jidda, the price of oil was rising sharply. It was up another 53 
cents a barrel on Thursday, and chairman of Mobil Corp. said it could 
stabilize at $20 very soon, "if OPEC finally agrees to a new production 
policy this year." 

King Fahd shrugged it off; but he let George get out of the country 
before he denounced him as a dumb brute ... and by the time Bush got 
back to the White House he was looking at a personal tragedy. Texas 
was saved, but he wa not. At 15 cents a gallon, he was doomed to a fate 
like the Ancient Mariner. The albatross was on him, and he will be 
better off out of the race. Others will come and go before he dies in a fog 
like George Romney. We will march on a road of bone , he said , and he 
disa ppeared . 

Letten 
Atkinson Out 
Of Touch 
Editor: 

I 

Thi is in response to Muir 
Provost Ledden 's letter about the 
referendum vote of confidence on 
the chancellor. 

Mr. Ledden, you miss the point 
completely. What is important is 
not that the referendum was o n 
the ballot, but instead that 60 per-
cen t of t he voting students 
thought the chancellor is doing a 
bad job. 
-can you explain that? I think I ' 
can . We attend a campus where 
there are buildings, build ings and 
more buildings popping up all 
over, costing millions of dollars . 
But at the same time classes are 
huge and full and professors and 
T As often incompetent, parking 
is difficult and lines are long. 

Why spend millions on the 
Price Center, when some profes-
sors do not have time to see their 
students during office hours? Why 
build a science building on Urey 
lawn, destroying a green, tree-
filled area? 

I am fairly happy here, mainly 
becau e my department , history, 
is excellent. But I have many 
friends who are disgruntled by 
their departments , classes and 
professors. Money should be spent 
on improving our education in-
stead of on a plethora of buildings. 

So what does this have to do 
with our chancellor? He is at the 
top. As they say, "the buck stop 
here ." He is ultimately responsi-
ble for the state of this campus. 

Most students obviously feel 
that Chancellor Atkinson has 
been blind to their needs and feel -
ings. The chancellor should not 
ignore the referendum result, but 
instead use it as a springboard for 
better relations with the students 
of his school. If he does not he 
may risk such a revealing and 
embarrassing vote again. 

John Agnito 

Please send all letters, 
typed and double-spaced. 
to the Opinion Editor at 
The Guardian , 8 -0 16 , 
UCSD, La Jolla , CA 92093, 
or drop them by our office 
next door to the C he Cafe . 

We reserve the right to 
edit all letters. 

Commentary 

FREE 
SPEECH 
AREA 

10' 
~J.ENr 00 0 ~ 

Tennis Player Treated Unfairly 
Editor: 

In one of your past articles, 
men's tennis Coach Jon Ham-
mermeister said that dismissing 
Hunter Gallaway "wasn't that big 
a deal." The truth is, Hunter Gal-
laway, UCSD's #1 player last 
year, winner of this year's pre-
season school tournament and a 
Division I caliber player, was 
dismissed for little reason. This 
has ruined the school's chances of 
winning a national title in Div-
ision III. 

It is obvious that winning is not 
important to Coach Hammer-
meister. The over-zealous disci-
pline by Hammermeister, primar-
ily a triathlete, has made his job 

easier. He won't have to go to as 
many tennis matches and he can 
concentrate more on the less 
talented players on the team that 
he favors . Until Judy Sweet, 
director of athletics, and Earl 
Edwards have enough guts to get 
a tennis coach who likes coaching 
good players, UCSD will have to 
be satisfied with built-in medi-
ocrity. 

The "Hammer" - an approp-
riate nickname - should coach 
triathletes who need discipline, 
not tennis players who need emo-
tional support and tennis coach-
ing. 

Rob Galla"ay 
Tennis Coach & Hunter's Father 

Groucho and Moe Gotta Go 
Editor: 

We have just heard that there 
are plans to show films starring 
Charlie Chaplin and the Marx 
Brothers on campus. I trust that 
in the interests of good taste and 
racial harmony such films will not 
he hown . They depict persons of 

evident Jewish backgrounds as 
naive , si mple, childish, even 
stupid. To show such films on our 
interracial campus would be an 
offense and a slur to the race of 
many of us. 

Gianna Oscuro 

A Defense For the Price Center 
By EVAN WEISENFELD 

I am writing this letter in response to all of the 
commentary, whether verbally or in print , about 
the Price Center, over the past few months. It 
begins with the comments that the building 
would not open on time. These rumors spread all 
over campus for months, and rightly so, because 
the building didn't look finished . The reason: it 
wasn't . But on a building as complex as this one, 
it seems ridiculous to expect everything to be 
ready on time. 

But rather than make everyone wait , the Uni-
versity Center Board , a group of students that 
recommend policy regarding the Student Center 
and the Price Center, asked the staff to open the 
building as soon as poss ible. We felt it was more 
important to open even though we weren't 100 
percent finished , in order to give the graduating 
seniors who had been paying for the building a 
cha nce to use it. Obviously some people who had 
paid for the building had been excluded, but we 
did the best we could . We also wanted to get on 
with the rennova tion of the Student Center so it 
would be ready for September. 

Then there are all the rumors about the Triton 
Pub. Years ago, the owners of the Pub were given 
'the opportunity to bid on the space in the Price 
Center, and they declined. In the planning pro-
cess, the students decided that it would be better 
to have the pub closer to all of the other food 
services, and in the new building. This would 
allow for student organizations to reserve the Pub 
much easier than before. This is a benefit for the 
campus because we gain another pub, and aren't 
losing one. The new pub, and it is called The Pub, 
is different, but that doesn't mean it is any beller 
or any worse , it's just different. 

Like the old Pub, time will allow us to 
"UCS D"it, personalize it, grow with it. It is going 
to take some time to get used to , but the owners of 
The Pub are extremely interested in serving the 
campus. If you have any suggestions', regarding 
the Pub, or anything else, place them in the sug-
gestion box at EDNA, and we will forward them 
to the appropriate people. 

As for people's disliking the Price Center, 
granted , this building is not like our Student 

See PRICE, pale 6 

The UCSD Guordian OPINION Thursday. April 17. 1989 S 

Q and A: Have you ever been the victim of crime on or near campus? 

When I was a freshman a 
huge guy ran up to me as I was 
getting out of my car and 
jumped in - I freaked and 
took off running. He took 
everything in 'my car. 

Beth Lantz 
Senior, Revelle 

Chemistry 

Price Center 
Ambivalence 
Editor: 

Well, after all the commotion 
and hype over the new Price Cen-
ter I thought I'd add my own two 
cents worth. I definitely have 
mixed feelings about the whole 
affair. 

I remember when some survey 
or other asked us about what we 
wanted in a student center. I recall 
the consensus being something 
along the lines of "the Pub's pizza 
sucks." Which it did, m grant you 
that. However, what I don't think 
any of us envisioned was that 
Maryanne Davis would be railed 
out of business. 

I also remember reading some 
remark Jim Carruthers made in 
the Reader about how the Price 
Center would meet the students' 
needs and that Maryanne had 
elected not to bid for unclear rea-
sons. In weighing these remarks I 
can only conclude that you, Mr. 
Carruthers, are sadly too far 
removed from student life (and 
perhaps life in general) to be mak-

See AMBIVALENCE, pale 6 

No, I've been herefour years 
and haven 't once had a mishap. 
Ifeel I'm one oJthe lucky ones 
- but I also take precautions. 
At night I arrange to walk with 
another woman or call for a 
CSOescort,lpark in weI/ligh-
ted areas and easily accessible 
areas. Also I have contacted 
the Women's Resource Center 
and the Student Safety Aware-
ness Program Jor additional 
options and in/ormation. 

S.ndr. Fonta} 
Senior, Wanen 

Poll. Sci. 

Yeah, I got really hammered 
and left my skateboard outside 
my apartment. Some dirty lit-
tle money grubber snatched it 
up. Wet negligence you might 
say. 

Max Richardson 
Sophomore, Third 

BiololY 

No, I have not had any 
problems. Whenever I am 
alone and have to walk to my 
car or to the library at night, I 
call a CSO. 

Wendy Steinle 
Junior, Muir 

Communications 

Yes, my stereo was stolen 
out of my car while it was 
parked near the Super Com-
puter. It was at II a.m. 

Dou&las Brownsberler 
Senior, Third 

Economics 

Photos and interviews by Bryan Bilyeu 

"(Gordon's work) 
is never boring 
it is beautiful and symbolic." 
Mile ...... ~"nlle.y 

"The wit is infectious ... 
the sheer joy is 
positively epidemic!" 
.. ....... 1 •• I .......... 

NEW YORK'S 

I 10 ON Ie . , 
IN THE SAN DIEGO PREMIERE OF DAVID GORDON'S MASTERWORK UN lIED SIAIES 

• ., S & 6 • Fri..., & .... ....., • 1100 ,... • M._YDI. A_lten.. • uc .... DI.,. 
Tickets start at $. S.OO-UCSD "x Offlc. -Call 534.4559 for information- nDiiiP~~ 

presented in cooperation with UC S.n DI ••• •• Unlv.nlty Iv.nt. OffIce ':':===~:::: .. ,~ .. _ ....... nu 

~.c-- AIR PEGASUS 
~ Men's. Uidies 

R~. S64.9S ~ 
SALES49.89 , 

~ .. 'kJ ~~,~:!~~ 
NEONS 

Running & Volley Shorts 
R~. SI7.95 SALE '14.89 

SPORTSHIELDS 

Triathlon. Cycling 
Glasses 

Compare to Oakley at 
I/Z .... price plus 
PRE. CROAKI. 

with purchase 

S39.89 
& 

S48.89 I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~n'7Days 
Lunch: 11 :30-2:30 
Dinner: 5:00- 9:30 

20% OFF FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY ANDSTAFF* 
· £XCLUDINGFRI .. SAT .. U . &HOLIDAYS 

Please present couporJ wh"" ordtrmg. 

I 
I 
I 
I' 
I 
~-----------------______ I , 



6 Thursday. April 27, 1989 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 
D'Agnessa Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 921 I I 

ALSO: HOME/ CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

r "'''''' 30 ~t\ O~,~ i 
= 'wnH1H" I) 1 \'2.9 = I W olff S »I" m • 2nd ~() I an D al> S.19 Cal l for d<talb • 1--------------------------1 I LOSE 6" £xprr" J/ 4/ 89 • i GUARANTEED i $ 39 European Body Wrap I - NO! a lemporary waler loss I 
I LA JOLLA 459-5165 • Reduce cellulite - 0 exercise • 
I SOLANABEACH T AN PACIFIC BEACH 5B1 ·9060 • 
I COLLEGE 697-21 22 4 LESS SPORTS ARENA 297·WRAP • 
II N~w Loclliion! ]251 HolidllY Ct #204 llbo.,~ St. Germllin 's 455-0909 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••• 1 Mil Domino's PIZZI Coming Soon! II ~~ Need Cash? 

?~ We Deliver! 
Domino's Pizza is now hiring delivery persons 

for its new store in the UCSD area. 
• Earn up 10 $10 an hr. (lOtal comp.) 
• Work flexible hours (part or Jull time) 
• Must be 18 years oj age, have a valid drivers 

license, own car and auto insurance 

APPLY TODAY! 
Stop by our Domlno·s Pizza location at 2015 Garnet 

Avenue In PaCifiC Beac h after 11 a.m. or call 274·3030. 

• Align wheels now Wlm 300tb Oiscounl • 

- Adlust brakes $ 2450 • • Adlusl gears • 
_ AdlUSI all beallngs • 
• Clean drive IralO • 
_ Lubllcale all exlernal paris (,eg SJ51 • 

• • Check and Inllale II/es • 

• • 
= e . I Unlver IIty City = I ~u.~t:,~:;,~ , eye Ie r y I 
! ~ Ace ... orl ... PuIs' Service ~2~~g ~~~~r~~n?:1 ; 
• ' w., .. " DII_d lael Sf I0Il . Iylll 452-8842 • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Springtime Allergiesl 
If you hone Hillyfever (sneezing. stuffy/runny 

nose) you cilln help eViIlluiIlte ill new iIlliergy nillul 
sprilly ilnd BE PAID FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION 

• Children or Adults. Age 12 and older 
• 4 short visits. Over 3 weeks 
• Free allergy and blood testing 

Volunteers will be paid up to $200 
for complete participation 

CALL TODAY 436-3988 
Asthmill iIlnd Allergy Treilltment iIlnd Reseilrch Assoc. 

OPINION 

Price 
Continued from page 4 
Center. Thi building is different, and was meant 
to be that way - il make you think. But what 
Ithis building offers, omething that we have never 
had on campus, is a choice. It seems that students 
,want only one option so they don't have to think 
about what they have to do. We now have the 
~acilities to offer alternatives. We, as students, 
jean eat at Zip's Tummy Buster, Chung King Loh, 
or Wendy's if we want to, or we can eat at the 
Food Co-op or the Che Cafe. It is our choice. But 
a small group of students don't like the fact that 
we can choose where to go, and what to buy. 

They, the demonstrators, hold up signs that 
say weare not shoppers, we're students. Well, I'm 
sorry to say, but most of us are both . We could 
not survive without food, nor couJd we be relaxed 
without lounges, arcades, and places to hang out. 
What it really comes down to is that the Price 
Center is not for everyone, but neither is the 
Student Center. If you want natural food, a wood 
building, and a differentatmosphere, we have the 
Student Center. If you want a good looking 
building, with nice lounges and fast food, we have 
the Price Center. There is something here for 
everyone. 

Now to our friends the demonstrators. If you 
don't like the Price Center,l agree that you have 
every right to protest. I thought that the police 
were entirely wrong for arresting anyone. You 
have a right to say what you want. But you claim 
that you want the Price Center destroyed, etc. 
Don't you think that everyone else should have 
the choice,just like you do, to go where they want 
to? Besides the fact that you had such a small 

group of people in compar ion to our gathering, 
the fact that a few of the protesters actually went 
into the Ballroom and ate our celebration cake 
really makes me laugh. You really want your cake 
and want to eat it too . Your protest was ridicu-
lous, and would have remained so ifit weren't for 
our overzealous police force . 

The University Center Board is currently in the 
process of supervising a renovation of the Stu-
dent Center, expanding the co-ops, and improv-
ing the building, at a cost of $500,000, from the 
Price Center portion of the referenda question 
that the students voted on; but our demonstra-
tors seem to forget about that. The students did 
vote on the project, and approved it. 

You have a choice. Go to the Price Center if 
you want to, or go to the Student Center if you 
want to. They are both our buildings, whatever 
their names are, because they are here to serve 
student needs. Since this is a diverse campus, we 
can now offer diversity. I would be surprised to 
hear anyone say that they didn't want a choice. 

In closing, after serving as Chair of the Univer-
sity Center Board for two years, I want to say that 
even if some people don't believe it, the Univer-
sity Center Board is here to serve students. We 
have done our best to serve the students needs . 
Sometimes Ihings just aren't possible. We have 
spent a great deal of time planning for the Price 
Center, and now that it is open, we agree that it 
still needs a lot of work. But that is going to 
happen over the next few months. We aren't 
perfect, and probably never wilJ be. But with both 
of the buildings we have, I feel that we come 
pretty damn close. 

Weisenfeld is the Chair o/the University Cen-
ter Board. ' 

Ambivalence 
Continued from pale 5 
ing this kind of judgement. 

I think it's pretty obvious why 
Maryanne felt it pointless to 
attempt to go head-to-head with 
Corporate America in bidding for 

a space in the new Center. I am 
not alone in resenting that the 
possibility of keeping our beloved 
Triton Pub the way it was (or 
maybe with better pizza) was not 
even considered as an option. I 
will always fondly remember the 
maternal image of Maryanne and 
her "Have fun - behave your-
self" attitude. That kind of inter-

action between the students and 
any service here at UCSO is clearly 
lacking. 

I am not alone in resenting that 
we had to pay for this damned 
monstrosity out of our own 
pockets, while our student-run 
services and co-ops were more or 
less left in the dust in the corpo-

See PUB, pale 12 
~--------------~~q~~--------------~ 

JOHN SHAW, Editor m Chit! 
LARA MtHATA. Managing Ediror 
SETH LATER. Ntws Ediror 
DAVID BURKHART, Opmion Edi,or 
ANDREA AOLEMAN. Contriburing F. a,ures Editor 
ANNAMARIE BEZZERIDES, Training Dlfmor 
BR YAN BIL YE U, Ass",i",. Phoro Ediror 
CYNTHIA CAMPBELL, ASlociatt Am Editor 
ERIC CHAZANKIN, Associa" N .... s Ediror 
RICK FORD, Graphics Edi,or 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Ediror 
BRIAN ITOW, ConrribU/ ing Sports Edi,or 
PA TTY JETTIE. ASSlsta.r A rtS Edi,or 
JULIE MUNRO. Ft aru fts Ediror 
DONOVAN P. ROCHE. Assistant Am Ediror 
ALI SADIGHIA N, Phoro Ediror 
APRIL SM ITH, Copy EdO/or 
LARRY WEINTRA B, Music Edi,or 
DAVID WYNER, Associale Nt!ws EdilOr 
SA BRINA YO MANS, Arts Editor 

SHENDL DIAMOND, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adv."isi"g Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad"rr,i.Jing lJf!signrr 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Advtrlisin8 Assis'anr 
JEFF SYMON, Adver,u;ng Rl!prl!senla'i~ 
JO PINCEK, Advertising Reprt!sentQtivt 

Stair Writ ... : Vin, .. nt Andrade. Marti AronovilZ. Arthur Ash. Laura 
Baker. Dana Cluiken. Cynthia Chesy. Jill Colley. Pam Cooley. ReMkah 
DenD . Catherine DiUe. Randy Dotinp. Jim Gary . Mary Betty Hcard , 
Christ ina Huizar. Susan Hylen. Kenneth Jensen. Patty Jettie. Miles Kan . 
Jordan Karubian. John Kearney. Mark Kenney. Laura Knapp, Jerr 
LamMth. A.C. Lee . Adam Levy. Lee .. Light. Philip MacGo, .. rn , Jon· 
carlo Mark. Mike Martanez. Molly McKay. Nancy Munlner, Sasch. 
Oainz. Mepn O·Keefe. Craig Peters. David Poticha. Carin ResniCk , 
Rick Rhodes. Porsch. Shantz. Julie Sonntag. Wendy Steinle. Jean 
Suzuki. Dennis Woo. Deb E. Young. ReMkah Young. Chris Zaharias 
PhococraplMn: Kathleen Donahue. Peter Messrobian, Brian Morris. 
Ken Reinstein. Wyatt Rosenlal. Rimas Uzairi s 
IIIl111ralon: Remy Avancio. Janie Mandrason. Jerr Quan. Jon R. Uye· 
saka, LOIS Yu. Alina Zirino 
Ty ..... h.n: Cynthia CampMII, Cynthia Chesy. Roark Dority. Eva Guo. 
Jdfrcy Kile , Robin Maclean 
Copy R.aden: Jill Colley, Randy Dotinga, Fredric liamMr. Greg Hurr. 
stUller. Eric Springer 
Production: Marci AronovilZ_. Nicole Bennett, Jill Colley, Tia Munday, 
Nancy M unlner, Amie Nguyen, Laura Proctor, April Smith. Julie Sonn· 
lag. Jeff Yamaguchi • 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thursdays during the 
academic year by and for the students of UCSD. Reproduction or use of 
this newspaper without permission is strictly prohibited 01989, all righlS 
reserved . The Gua,dian is not responsible for unsoliciled manuscripls or 
art . 

Views expressed herein are not necessarily those of 1he UC Board of 
Sonior Stall" Wrlton: Laura Proctor, lsaMlle Tilunyi Regents, the ASUCSD nor the ent ire Gllardian starr. 

.-

IF YOU 
_nt It, need It, 
"- It. had It, c.ln·t 
get It. lost It. found 
It. do It. stop It, 
_Ik It. tMk It, 
IMke It. brNk It, 
r.ntlt, "'It, 
pron!Ofe It. lint It. 
_It. sNte It, 
rtde It, cook It, 
seNe It. dellrOy It. 
hall It, INCh It, 
know It, rent It, 
and atn pay IrK It, 
c.III the useD 

~/an dassHIeds 
hot lIne lit lit 5* 
5416. AdIIenIse. 

Tho UCSO Guardian, 8-4116, La Jolla, CA 91"3. 
Editorial: (''') S:w-4!111 _: (''') SJ4.3466 

~--..;..:Pte;.:.,gistered Students and Post Doc's 
"Cover your Dod" with 

Sickness and 
Accident Insurance 

Student Premium - $109.50 
Spouse - $179.50 
Children - $121.50 

L..--------per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Center. Q-039 • 534·3300 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

CLASH:Separate Views 
Of Arrests Given 

nation," Anderson said . "If we 
had let [protesters] come in with 
the megaphone and the drums 
and the smoke machine then I 
would be accused of shirking my 
responsibility. 

Continued from pale 1 

ters, including Kile, and described 
the scene of K.ile's arrest. 

He said that Kile attempted 
twice to take back a megaphone 
that had been confiscated and 
claimed that when Kile approach-
ed him the first time, " I said, 'I'm a 
police officer' and if he continued 
to [try to take the megaphone], he 
would be arrested. 

"Then, he came up to me a 
second time and attempted to 
take the megaphone away and J 
arrested him," the police chief 
continued . 

Kile, however, remembers the 
scene differently and called An-
derson's version "a farce" and "a 
bald faced lie." 

"It's a travesty," Kile said. "I 
can't imagine what in the hell 
John Anderson is thinking . . . I 
have witnesses who heard and 
saw every single thing. Every sin-
gle thing." 

According to Kile, Anderson 
"didn't tell me he was a cop until 
after he placed me under arrest." 

Kile claimed that when he saw 
"a man in a gray suit" walking 
away with the megaphone, he 
"had no idea who he was .. . [and] 
I thought he was probably some-
body who had donated to the 
Price Center." 

Kile said that the first time he 
attempted to get the megaphone, 
Anderson "swung around, raised 
the megaphone over his head and 
was about to smack me across the 
face with the thing. 

"1 don't think it was a major 
event by any stretch of the 
imagination. " 

-John Anderson 

"I yelled, 'Don't do it. 111 have 
you arrested . .. Look around. 
Look at all the people watching 
you.' .. 

According to Kile, Anderson 
then put his arm down and turned 
to walk away. Kile then grabbed 
for the megaphone again, but 
according to him, "never actually 
touched Anderson either time. " 

"with the exception of Anderson, 
I can give you names and badge 
numbers if you want. 

"Regardless [of Anderson's 
weight], he dwarfs me, and rather 
than address my assessment of his 
weight, I'd like to hear why he 
doesn't address the megaphone 
escapades," said Kile, who char-
acterized Anderson as "either real 
brave or real stupid . 

"There was a meeting prior to 
the opening to discuss the manner 
in which the activities would be 
held," Anderson said. "There was 
a concern from the Student Affairs 
that a confrontation would occur 
between mainstream students and 
those students who were dissent-
ing. 

"I understood them to say that 
anyone was welcome [to the 
ceremonies] but that a disruption 

"It's pretty clear that John Anderson made some 
serious errors in judgement on Friday and he realized 
that he's going to be held accountable ... and I think 
he's scared." 

"To call me a liar and attempt 
to invalidate the points I made 
when he knows I'm telling the 
truth and I can prove it is insane 
and really disheartening coming 
from the chief of the UC San 

~iego Police Department," he said. 
"I don't think it was a major 

event by any stretch of the imagi-

UE&SA POp Events and 
() 

~®~l 

-Jeffrey Kile 

would not be allowed," Anderson 
continued . 

Kileagreed with Anderson that 
the arrests were not a major event 
and pointed out that "the impor-
tant thing is not that four kids got 
screwed by the cops, or the bogus 
referendum in support ofthe Price 
Center. " 

eA/I~s 
plus special guest 
MATTHEW SWEET 
May 10, Wednesday, 8 p.m. 
Price Center Ballroom 
UCSD Students $14.00, GA 517.00 

~~ ..::=~.:::...;r-
UCSD Box Office: 5344559 

The issue Kile considers impor-
tant is that "the administration is 
ultimately responsible for not 
allowing student input and disre-
garding the little that there was on 
the subject of the Price Center." 

Kile went on to say that the 
administration has "managed to 
reconstruct the hub of a college 
campus in a place where the stu-
dents' right to free speech is swept 
under the rug." 

Anderson commented that sev-
eral police officers, including 

Thursday. April 17, 1989 7 

himself, had other students not 
involved in the protest approach 
them on Friday after the protest 
to congratulate them on the way 
they handled the situation. 

Noble snidely expressed his 
'gratitude to the police department 
for their participation in Friday's 
event. 

"If not for the actions of the 
UCSO Police, the publicity given 
to our protest would have been 
minimal, " he said. 

Peter Meurobian/ Gua,dian 

Individuals mill about UCSD's Macintosh computer lab located in the 
basement of the AP&M after a ribbon-cutling ceremony yesterday. 

Recording Artist 

"[Anderson] spun around, 
grabbed me, and said, 'You're 
under arrest for assaulting a police 
officer.' It was only at that point 
that he identified himself," Kile 
alleged. "I think that's pretty 
cheap. I guess he thought I was 
clairvoyant. 

Out with the old ••• in with the new! 
"It's pretty clear that John 

Anderson made some serious 
errors in judgement on Friday 
and he realized that he's going to _ 
be held accountable for what he 
did and said, and I think he's 
scared, II said Kile, whose com-
mentary about the incident ap-
peared in the Guardian Monday. 

However, Anderson believes 
Kile's commentary "was written 
out of frustration ... haste ... and 
inaccuracy. " 

Anderson said that by includ-
ing a description of him in the 
commentary, Kile showed that 
"his recollection of the incident 
was unclear. I'm not even sure he 
was talking about us from his 
descri pt ion . ., 

Anderson said he is not six feet, 
six inches tall and does not weigh 
240 pounds, as Kile's commen-
tary sta ted, and the police chief 
even "got on the scales just to 
make sure." 

Kile, though, maintains that 
"my description of the incident 

\\a ~ di~!, I tin Iv de-ar," and that , 

The Guardian is now accepting applications 
for the 1989-90 editorial positions: 

Managing Editor 
News Editor 
Opinion Editor 
Features Ed itor 
Arts Editor 
Sports Editor 
Training Director 

Editor in Chief 
Copy Editor 

Graphics Editor 
Photo Ed itor 
Music Editor 

Associate News Editor 
Associate Arts Editor 

Associate Photo Editor 
Drop oft or mail resume, cover letter and clips to The UCSD Guardian, c/o John Shaw, 8-016, 
La Jolla, CA 92093. Deadline for Editor in Chief applications is Saturday, />My 6 at 5 p.m .. All 
other applications are due Wednesday, May 10 at 5 p.m .. For information, call 534-6580. 

The Guardian is located southeast of the Undergraduate Library, next to the Che Cafe. 



8 Thursday, April 27, 1989 

---FEATU'RES---
------------~----------------~~D~~~~----------________________ _ 
Tenure Offers Scholars Permanent Appointments 
By REBEKAH DENN 
Stall Writer 

Tenured faculty pOSItions, 
permanent appointments, were 
introduced to universities in the 
early 1900s. Their original pur-
pose was to guarantee acaderqic 
freedom. A professor could speak 
his or her mind openly, or pursue 
radically new re earch, without 
fear of dismissal. 

Thll II the flrlt of a two-part 
examination 01 acadlmlc tlnurl. 
Part two will appllr on May 1. 

Today, many occupations and 
industries offer tenure-like posi-
tion, and academic freedom 
seems to be no longer the central 
issue. "Even in the current reli-
gious climate and conservatism 
sweeping America, 1 don't think 
[as an untenured profe sor] I'll be 
railroaded out of UC on heresy 
charges,"said UCSD history pro-
fes or Bill Propp, a Biblical 
cholar. 

Some disagree: "The good old 
days of HUAC [House of Un-
American Activities Commitlee] 
were not that long ago ... The 
free speech issue is still relevant , 
even if the younger generation 
doesn't think so," one AMES 
profe or aid. 

But for most , the Importance of 

a tenured position lie in the job 
security it offer . "Barring blow-
ing up buildings or molesting stu-
dents," a tenured professor is 
employed for life, one instructor 
commented. There are occasional 
grounds for dismissal , such as 
inadequate research, but such a 
charge is rarely made and would 
be difficult to sustain on legal 
grounds. 

"It i no small matter to admit 
new colleagues into the commun-
ity of scholar ," aid Tom Hull , 
assistant to the vice-chancellor of 
academic affairs. The university is 
agreeing to officially connect its 
name and reputation with the 
scholar's work , as well as to pay 
him or her "for the next 30 or so 
years - you do the arithmetic," 
math professor Alfred Manaster 
said . Colleagues in a department 
are often voting on whom they 
will work beside for mo t of their 
careers, and faculty po it ions are 
becoming increasingly rare. "Fil-
ling a tenure slot is a decision of 
who you won't have the oppor-
tunity to work with, now, as 
much as who you will," one UC 
Berkeley professor said. 

UCSD hires only one assi tant 
professor for each tenured slot 
available. KEverybody here is hired 
with the expectation that if they 
meet the tandards , if they do the 
research, there is a po ition for 
them," Hull said, contrasting it 
with alternative systems. KHarvard 

[Untversity] may hire 10 assistant 
professors this year, but there are 
only five slots." 

Harvard's assistant dean of 
academic planning, Carol Thomp-
son, replied that "some schools 
have a tenure track ... We have an 
open search at the senior level." 
Both schools are looking for 
superior scholars, she said, but 
"they think they can tell [a quality 
scholar when first hiring], we think 
they can't ... 

The system at UCSD is "up or 
out," Hull said. That means that 
if an assistant professor is not 
granted tenure by his or her eighth 
year, he or she must leave the 
University. The policy follows the 
suggestions of the American 
Association of University Profes-
sors, who say that after eight 
years, a university should know if 
it wants to keep a faculty member 
permanently. 

Speculating on the possibility 
of having a professor stay on after 
denying him or her tenure, pro-
fe or John Stewart remarked 
"I'm not sure that would work." 
Dr. Stewart, the former Muir 
provost, added that it would only 
create bitternes and friction 
within a department . 

"Come on, "said one instructor 
in the music department, "would 
you want to stay on at a place 
after it said it didn't want you?" 

The procedure for appointment 
to a tenured position - usually a 

Scuba Diving Club 
Explores New Depths 
By JULIE C. SONNTAG 
Staff Writer 

First , underwater explorers 
held their breath. Then there 
was snorkeling, but divers could 
not go very far below the sur-
face because they were still 
limited by their lung capacity. 
Then, about 30 years ago, there 
was a new invention which 
rocked the underwater world 
and shattered the limits of in-
dividual sea exploration: Self-
Contained Underwater Breath-
ing Apparatus, better known 
as SCU BA. 

There is a club at UCSD 
which celebrates and employs 
the use of this amazing equip-
ment. It is appropriately named 
the Scuba Diving Club. 

The Scuba Club has been 
around almost as long as 
UCSD. Dr. Bert Kobayash i, 
the club's advisor, helped found 
the club back in 1970 when he 
was a graduate student studying 
icthyology (the aquatic branch 
of zoology) at Scripps Institute 
of Oceanography. The Scuba 
Club originally began in 1969 
as a skin diving club but 
changed to scuba diving when 
interest shifted in that direc-
tion. 

The Scuba Club is a great 
way to have fun , Kobayashi 
said, referring to the trips and 
social activities the club organ-
izes. However , Kobayash i 
stressed another aspect of the 
club. "I look upon the Scuba 
Diving Club as an avenue for 

Scuba Club President Ralph Bryan makes an on-land appearance. 

developing good citizens, as an 
opportunity for people to as-
sume leadership roles and to 
practice those roles,» he said. 

Ralph Bryan, the club's pres-
ident, has been scuba diving 
since he was 12. Bryan described 
the awe of this sport. "The 
thing that always amazes me, 
and has amazed me since I was 
little, was that you can actually 
go underwater and breathe. 
Being able to see fish in their 
own environment is second-
ary," he said . 

With 200 members, UCSD's 
club is one of the biggest scuba 
clubs in the country, according 
to Bryan. This is a fitting accom-
plishment , since San Diego is 
the birthplace of sport scuba 
diving. 

Because of the club's ize 

and San Diego's mild weather, 
activities are planned for every 
season. There are beach dives 
almost every day of the week 
and boat dives to such places 
as San Clemente, Coronado, 
Catalina or La Bufadora a few 
times a month. The club owns 
four boats and dozens of air 
tanks, as well as other ex-
pensive equipment. 

The club pays for this equip-
mentand its maintenance with 
yearly membership dues and 
the Marine Research Fund. 
This resource, which is funded 
bydonations from alumni and 
companies, was set up by 
Kobaya hi to allow students to 
conduct underwater research. 

Most recently, a group of 
btudent documented the dam-
age incurred by the large stqrm 

promotion from assi tant profe -
sor to associate professor - is as 
follows : 

An assistant professor is re-
viewed every two years, and typi-
cally reappointed for another 
two-year term. After the fourth-
year review, the department gives 
a preliminary appraisal to the 
Committee on Academic Person-
nel (CAP), whose members are 
appointed by the Academic 

Senate . "CAP is not administra-
tion controlled," emphasized pro-
fessor Herbert Stern, chairperson 
of the committee. 

Typically, in the professor's 
ixth year, his or her department 

decides whether or not to recom-
mend the professor for promo-
tion. The department prepares a 
file on him or her, Stern said , bas-
ing its decision on three things: 

See TENURE, pale 9 

Through frequent dives, members become familiar with sea life. 

that swept through the San 
Diego area in January of 1988. 
The Marine Research Fund 
provided the underwater video 
equipment for the project. In 
past years, students have also 
studied the growth of kelp and 
lobster population dynamics 
in the La Jolla area. 

"Everyone in San 
Diego lives near 
the ocean but not 
many people know 
much about it. " 

-Ralph Bryan 

Membership, which is open 
to all UCSD students for 535 
per year, is considered by many 
club members to be a bargain. 
Member hip tatus allows stu-
dents to partici pate in as many 
dives as they wish (although 
boat dives cost an extra 53 per 
dive) and to use as many free 
tanks of air as necessary. 

The Scub .. Club welcomes 
people of ail expertise and ex-
perience to join, although mem-
bers must be certified to par-
ticipate in any of the dives. 
Beginners can acquire certifi-
cation through the University. 

According to Bryan, there 
are many aspects to scuba div-
ing, fromjust looking, to taking 
pictures, to hunting. He says, 
however, that "a good portion 
ofthe club is turning to pictures 
because instead of just going 
out and looking, you can go 
underwater and bring back 
what you looked at." 

The Scuba Club plans to 
unveil the secrets of the deep to 
UCSD and the general public 
on Sunday at the upcoming 
UCSD Open House . 

For the first time in seven or 
eight years, the Scuba Club 
has puttogether an Underwater 
Film Festival. It is "intended to 
show the general public what 
the diving student gets in-
volved in," Kobayashi said . 
The presentation, which is enti-
tled Visions of the Sea, con ists 
of the work of local photo-
graphers and cinematograph-

See SCUBA, pale 10 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES Thursday, April27, /989 9 

Professors and Tenure Positions might extend a current appoint-ment for a seventh or eighth year. 
The procedure varies between 
departments , but generally, as · 
University regulations require, the 
department chairperson will dis-
cuss the review with the candi-
date. The precise departmental 
vote need not be given, but the 
candidate is told if the decision 
was unanimous, by a strong 
majority, or a narrow one. Con-
fidential material, such as outside 
reviews, cannot be released, 
though the candidate may request 
a summary. He or.she can write a 
response to the evaluation, to be 
included in the file . 

dation . More often , an ad-hoc 
committee is appointed to re-
evaluate the case. The ad-hoc 
committee makes a report for 
CAP members, and the full 
committee then votes. The results 
are sent to the vice-chancellor, 
who rarely overturns the CAP 
decision. 

Continued from pale 8 
the professor's research or crea-
tive work, teaching, and Univer-
sity and public service. The 
department pays attention to ser-
vice on University committees, 
work with organizations such as 
the National Science Foundation 
and community service. 

"Superior intellectual attain-
ment, as evidenced both in teach-
ing and in research or other crea-
tive achievement, is an indispens-
able qualification for appointment 
or promotion to tenure positions," 
according to the committee rules. 
Evaluation of research includes 
letters from external experts in the 
field and the opinion of the pro-
fessor's peers. CAPE reviews, let-
ters from individual students, and 
sometimes separate departmental 
student evaluation forms are used 
to review the candidate's teaching 
ability. 

It is commonly accepted that 
research and publications are the 
most essential factors in the 
decision. 

.. All three [factors] are taken 
seriously ... but it simply won't go 
through if the scholarship isn't 
there," department of literature 

chairperson Susan Kirkpatrick 
said . 

According to Hull, research 
would account for 55 percent of 
the decision. However, he cau-
tioned that "percentages are mis-
leading." Stewart believes that 75 
percent is more accurate, though 
much would depend on the indi-

lI£verybody here is 
hired with the expec-
tation that if they meet 
the standards, if they 
do the research, there 
is a position for them. " 

-Tom Hull 
vidual cases. Other professors 
suggested that there is 65 to 80 to 
"try 98" percent importance on 
research. 

This emphasis derives from the 
Universi~y's role as "the research 
arm of the state of California," 
Hull said. The University has a 
worldwide reputation for excel-
lence and "the state expects us to 
do research . It's what they're pay-
ing us for ,"CSE chairper on Wil-
liam Burkhard said. 

By Leig~ Rubin 

"Wait a second, old boy. You got lunch 
yesterday ... Let me spring for it today." 

~~ was getmg jealous of all the 
new looks in perms from Loa do., 
So he grabbed a jet and headed 
home to Lo.doa to •• to check 
them out. and zoomed bock to Son 
Diego with sUtcases fuI of the latest \' ... 
techniques and ideas. So now you'= . - -

Teaching, Stewart suggested, 
comprises about one-fourth of 
the tenure decision. "It must pass 
a certain minimum threshold," 
Burkhard said. An outstanding 
researcher with 59 percent posi-
tive CAPE repom would proba-
bly be approved, he said, while 
one with an average of 30 percent 
positive CAPEs would probably 
not. Teaching ability plays a 
crucial part in the decision , 
almost all agreed, but "the fact 
that you're a superb teacher rather 
than a good one will not help 
you," Propp ~ommented . 

The overall opinion revealed 
that public service, the third fac-
tor in the decision, generally car-
ries little weight . 

Tenured faculty members dis-
cuss the file and take a secret vote 
on whether or not to recommend 
the professor. Occasionally they 

The file is sent to the vice 
chancellor of academic affairs, 
then passed to the provost and 
dean of the college, all of whom 
review the file and write letters for 
it. It is then discussed by CAP. 

"Sometimes a decision is over-
whelmingly evident," Stern said, 
in which case the committee will 
immediately make a recommen-

"If the professor feels he has 
been mistreated, or prejudicially 
treated, he can appeal to the 
Committee on Privilege and 
Tenure (Cpn," Stern said. 

CPT looks at the grievance_ 
claim, Chairperson Joe Curray 
said, and decides if there is sub-
stance to it. The committee can 
only act on procedural errors or 
issues such as sexual discrimina-
tion, Curray explained. Com-
plaints about the academic reviews 
cannot be further appealed . If the 
claim is judged legitimate, a fairly 
rare occurrence according to Cur-
ray, CPT will inform the chancel-
lor. 

GARY OLDMAN KEVIN BACON 

A kiIer is '-II ... the ItnIIIs. 
The anly .... wha _ stDp him 
is the Invyer wha set him free. 

OPENS FRIDAY, APRIL 28TH EVERYWHERE. 

The home of the 
49¢ hatnburger. 
~ ~ ~£fou. 

can look like yOlX British cousins! Now FI t' b 
Ralph isn't jealous anymore. ~Ol\-vtl\. ~Ol\.~(" 

! 1 m #Cl)OIlt1ldJm 
.. "ainO' ' 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego, 
..... ---------. ~O""~l\.t~( \A)~vt4. 

5t~'t $p~~~t4. 
e~~'}'t e~~l)\p4. 

SSOff 
with thisod 

tlLLCREST - 409 UNIVERSITY - 2t 
PAaFIC lOCH - 1447 GARNET - 273·CUTS 

OCUlI lOCH - _ NEWPORT - 122·3777 
COLLEGE - 1028 El CI.O IlVD. -_sm 

u.",. ... ~-----------------------ALLAMEruCAN~EAL--- ~ Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II 
II 

Medium-Size Soft Drink Coall value: 1/ 20 011 c«'It II 
II Limit one coupon per II customer. per visit Please 

present coupon when II ordering Not valid With II any other offer 

t@l~.~ ... 
iiii ___ iii_ 

II 
Just $1 99 :1 

(plus tax) I' 
Only at: II 

71.0 Miramar Rd.@ san Dteeo 
1237 Protpect -M -.. 

LoJolIa ~ 
......... ii .. iiiiiiiiii 



10 Thursday. April 27. 1989 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Scuba Divers Pacific Rim Film Series 
Continued from pace 8 
ers, as well as videos taken by 
students. 

about and why we need to 
keep it clean and why we like 
to scuba dive. There must be a 
reason," Bryan explained. 

Japanese Childhood Recalled 
According to Bryan, this 

show is very important to the 
Scuba Club. He is hoping that 
this presentation will spark in-
terest for the club's next project: 
a week-long series of events 
dedicated to ocean awareness . 
The activities will reflect the 
diverse perspectives of the 
ocean. 

Some of the tentative events 
include tidepool walks, aquar-
ium tours, speakers. tours of 
La Jolla by boat, and bea'Ch-
oriented sporting events such 
as surfing, sand volleyball and 
sailing. 

Bryan feels that this is "some-
thing that the University needs 
and that San Diego needs." 

"Everyone in San Diego lives 
near the ocean but not many 
people know much about it. 
It's sort of like this mysterious 
thing. You see the ocean every 
day and you look at it, but you 
really don't know what it's 

*Medical 
books 
will be 

discounted 
during this 
sale only. 

(Sale does not apply 
to: Textbooks, medical 
textbooks, computers 
and Sunshine Store 

merchandise.) 

Kobayashi also commented 
that it is fitting for UCSD to 
put on thi event because so 
many of UCSD's activities 
center around the ocean. 

"I think that once a year, for 
, a week, we should pay homage 
to that," he said . (He is also 
hoping that an Ocean Aware-
ness Week might be a unifying 
factor for UCSD since he feels 
that this is something it lacks.) 

There will be two slightly dif-
ferent presentations of Sun-
day' film festival during Open 
House. They will be held in the 
Price Center Movie Theater. 
The first show will begin at I 
p.m. and is geared toward 
parents. The second show will 
begin at 8 p.m. It i geared 
more toward the general pub-
lic and is slightly longer. There 
will be an admission charge of 
$4.50 for students and $6.50 
for non-students. 

By JULIE MUNRO 
Features Editor 

This film is the story of an ado-
lescent in the 195Os, but do not 
expect to see poodle skirts and 
juke boxes. The story takes place 
in a small fishing village on an 
island off Japan soon after World 
War I!. 

The film, titled " Kyoshu" (Re-
memberance), was written and 
directed by Takeshiro Nakajima, 
who will be making a personal 
appearance at the La Jolla screen-
ing. He will be accompanied by a 
translator. Although he is a 
screenwriter, "Kyoshu"is the first 
film Nakajima has directed. 

"Before I became a director, I 
often wondered why the director 
felt the need to change the lines I 
had written. Now I really feel 
more understanding for the diffi-
culties a director has to face," 
Nakajima said in an interview for 

University 
Bo.okstore 

Save 20% 
on gifts, clothing, office 

and art supplies, general 

books, technical books 

and medical books*! 

Hurry for best selection! 
University Bookstore 
[LJJ( I :~ ) jl D ) 

a book called The Debut of a 
Film Director. 

"I can see more clearly now 
that filmmaking is a group artistic 
effort. When you actually start 
rehearsing and shooting scenes, a 
kind of energy is released which 
reverberates and gathers momen-
tum spontaneously. Butthe direc-
tor also has to take care that the 
actors aren't falsely dazzled by all 
the excitement," he continued. 

The story is based on his youth 
and was filmed on location on 
Shikoku, one of Japan's southern-
most islands, in a fishing village 
near where Nakajima grew up. 

The year is 1953, and the film's 
protagonist, Sumio, is a 15 year-
old boy. Sumio's father is a pain-
ter who lives with a restaurant 
Madam in a town nearby. He 
rarely comes home because the 
other woman pretends to be his 
patron. 

Sumio lives at home with his 
mother and his aunt. His mother 

Hours: 
April 30 

11 a.m. to 
5:30 p.m. 

May 1,2,3 
7:45 a.m. to 

5: 15 p.m. 

(No special orders. 
Discount is not 

applicable with other 
sale items. Special 
restrictons apply.) 

is too proud to take a local job in 
the fishing village because she is 
from Kyoto, one of Japan's larg-
est and most cultured cities. His 
aunt works as a telephone opera-
tor and a night club hostess to 
support the family. 

The story evolves around this 
family and Sumio's classmates, 
his school teacher, and other 
villagers. 

"In making "Kyoshu," 1 wanted 
to remind people of the vitality, 
the deeply human qualities oflife 
[in the I 950s]. "Kyoshu" is a human 
kind of comedy. In my way of 
thinking, there are humorous as 
well as dark aspects to being 
human ," Nakajima said. 

"During World War II .. . when 
I moved to Nakamura City [from 
Kyoto] with my family, I felt a 
kind of 'culture shock' at first. I 
wanted to get close to the other 
kids in the village - being basi-
cally an outsider - I wasn't really 
allowed into their group. War 
evacuees like my family tended to 
move back to the city after the war 
ended, but my family decided to 
remain in the country. In "Kyoshu" 
the protagomst Sumio feels this 
kind of tension," he said. 

"Of course, a lot that appears in 
Remembrance is fictionalized . 
That helped me get over a certain 
feeling of embarassment about 
focusing on basically autobiogra-
phical material. My mother was 
rather upset by the portrayal of 
the mother in the film." 

According to Nakajima, his 
mother commented, "Ever siRQe 
he was little, he has liked to 
stretch the truth a bit!" 

With regard to the intense emo-
tions expressed in the film, Naka-
jima said, "That's the way life was 
in a small village in those days. 
There were no secrets, not even in 
the 'privacy' of one's own home." 

To make the town appear more 
historically accurate, they "spread 
about fifty tons of gravel (all 
donated) on the roads and covered 
concrete walls in front of build-
ings with moss, to try to make 
them look older," he recaJled. 

"I used extras in the bus'scenes, 
the local movie theater scene, and 
the farming scenes .. . Some of the 
village women agreed at first to 
appear in the public bath scene, 
but then bowed out due to fear of 
what their family and friends 
would say." 

"I didn't worry so much about 
success or failure. Since it was my 
debut as a director, it was kind of 
new adventure for me .. .l think 
it's really difficult for the new 
generation of Japanese film direc-
tors who have to make their direc-
torial debuts the more standard 
way - by working for years as 
assistant directors . My directorial 
debut was different. I've been 
working as a screen writer for 
around twenty-five years ... 1 con-
sider my debut a lucky event -
the timing was right. " 

The film is in Japanese with 
English subtitles. 

"Kyoshu"is the second ofa ser-
ies, "Four Films From The Pacific 
Rim," presented by the SDS U 
Department of Telecommunica-
tions and Film and Hawaii' East-
West Center. It will be playing 
Tuesday, May 2, at 7:30 p.m. at 
the La Jolla Museum ofContem-
porary Art. Admission is free . 

-®-

The UCSD Guardian 

Coverage Not 
Fair to Greeks 
Editor: 

On Sunday April 16, the UCSD 
chapter of Kappa Kappa Gamma 
co-sDonsored the San DieRo 
Physically Challenged Regional 
Swim Meet. This event, organ-
ized by Untied Cerebral Palsy, 
was an experience that, unfortu-
nately, too many people at UCSD 
and in the community were unable 
to share because it was overlooked 
by the Guardian editors. 

Besides receiving two press 
releases from Kappa Kappa 
Gamma regarding the swim meet, 
UCP also sent to the Guardian a 
press release and a personalleuer 
from the swim meet director. 
While both Channels 8 and JO 
News found this event news-
worthy, evidently the Guardian 
did not. 
-. - We realize that some happen-
lOgS on campus cause more of a 
sensation than others, but if the 
purpose of the Guardian is to be 
representative of all campus activ-
ities, it seems that a great injustice 
is being done to the campus, 
community, and those involved 
in sponsoring worthwhile events. 
It is too bad students were not 
able to share the pleasure that the 
volunteers of Kappa Kappa 
Gamma did in cheering on and 
supporting people who excel in 
the water, yet are less fortunate in 
their physical abilities. 

We are sorry that the Guardian 
did not report this important event 
because many others could have 
benefited' from it besides ourselves 

and the swimmers. Unfort unately, 
an outbreak of measles at UCLA ' 
(Guardian, April J 7) received 
more attention than a philan-
thropy event at UCSD, which 
joined both the campus and the 
community in a positive manner. 

In addition to merely omitting 
the story, we feel that it is also 
significant because it represents a 
general lack of positive press for 
the many beneficial activities in 
which Greeks participate. One of 
the main tenets of Greek organi-
zations is to serve the community 
through philanthropy. By only 
reporting events which misrep-
'resent the basic philosophy of 
'Greek letter fraternities and sor-
orities, it gives the reading aud-
ience a negative impression of the 
Greek system. We are in no way 
condoning any negative activities 
of the Greek system, we are only 
asking for fair representation. 
Courtney Barnes, President, 

Kappa Kappa Gamma 
Nancy L. Frey, PubUc Relations, 

Kappa Kappa Gamma 

Protesters 
Condemned 
Editor: 

Okay, let's just suppose that 
some of the policemen of the 
UCSD Police Team were acting 
somewhat non-professionally. But 
who decided to protest? And, 
who decided to protest with a lot 
of noise? Thirty, I'd hate to say it, 
irrational students. 

The place is already built! Are 
they going to tear it down now 
because a small minority think 
that the Price Center is a student 

ACCELERATED PROFESSIONAL 
DEVELOPMENT 

Professional opportunities are currently 
available in the areas of Business and 

Aviation, A Naval Officer will be on 
campus April 28th at the Career 
Services Center from 8:30-3 p.m. 
to conduct interviews. There is no 

obligation in exploring these options. 

Call 1-800-222-6289, Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-
4 p.m. for an appointment or stop by the 

placement office between classes. 

Securlt, • Benefits. Travel- Vlrlet, 

OPINION 
consumer trap? There's no Nord-
strom! I don't see a Saks Fifth 
Ave.! There is a copy center, a 
movie theater, a couple of restau-
rants , and a ballroom ! Not to 
mention nice, new faci lities for 
the A.S., etc .. 

If you don 't eat, like to watch 
movies, dance, or socialize, don't 
go to the Price Center! Cute and 
simple. 

Your tax dollars go to fund it 
anyway. There's no way you're 
going to stop funding state facili-

. ties. Your money's even going to 
help buy road signs that people 
plow over within a couple of 
months. Go protest that! 

The police did what they had to 
do. They didn't start anything. 
They didn't provoke a protest. 
The buildings are staying. Pray 
for an earthquake, but don't stir 
up violence. 

Andrew Carroll 

Drug Users 
Have Rights 
Editor: 

The issue of"rights"was raised 
recently at the close of a reply to 
the issue of drug legalization. 
Unfortunately, it seems that the 
meaning of that word was mis-
construed. It certainly is not per-
tinent to a non-user's rights 
whether drugs are to be used. The 
right to use a drug belongs solely 
to the person who wishes to use 
the drug, though all responsibility 
for consequences must be assumed 
along with this right. I refer to the 
letter written by Mr. Kevin T. 
Kelly (Guardion, April 17) which 
propounded much useless infor-
mation to formulate no new ideas. 

Ho\vto start 
yoyrJawcareer 
6ef()fe y\?u start 

. JawSdxxi 
Start with the l<aplan LSAT 

prepcourw. 
After taking l<aplan, 

thousands of LSAT students 
score OWl' 40. That's the lOp 
10 % nation-wide! And 
candidates who score owr 40 
on the LSAT enjoy Ihe bal 
chance of being accepll!ci 10 lhe 
law school of Ihelr choice and 
goina on 10 practice with lop 
law firms or corporallons. 

So call any of our 125 centers 
for information and class 
startlrlQ dates. The Kaplan LSAT 
prep courw could be Ihe one 
pre· law courw thaI determines 
the courw of your law calUr. 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Son Diego. CA 9211 7 

(619) 277-6744 

This letter did not address any 
issues which might result from 
legalization, but merely served to 
criticize drugs and their users. 
Being a member of the large class 
of society thus insulted, 1 feel it is 
my "right" to protest. As "proor' 
of his theory that drug use leads 
\0 im paired brain function and 
permanent damage (referred to 
by Mr. Kelly as fact) he reads us a 
summary of his resume; in an 
attempt at circular logic Mr. Kelly 
holds that a non-impaired mind 
can have a career such as his -
yet it does not follow that Mr. 
Kelly 's accomplishments stem 
from a life without drugs. 

To answer Mr. Kelly's posed 
question, no, there is no correla-
tion. In the same way I can boast 
truthfully that I was very drunk 
and stoned when taking my high 
school Advanced Placement exam 
in biology; however, I received a 
~core of 5 and credit for Bio 1,2, 
and 3 - can I ask if there is a 
correlation? Not seriously? 

No, the fact that Mr. Kelly has 
never tried marijuana or cocaine 
only proves that he can be c1osed-
minded about an issue and then 
condemn what he has never done. 
Is this like the child who will never 
try spinach but authoritatively 
states he doesn't like it? Mr. Kelly 
is not content with just saying 
'no,' but he must try to offend 
those who say yes. However, along 
with his resume, he boasts that he 
is seen at the pub and at TGs, 
both institutions of alcohol. 

How can Mr. K.elly advocate 
the use of alcohol which has been 
proven to be much more danger-
ous physically, addictively, and 
sociologically, than marijuana? He 
denies people the choice of drug 

Thursday, April 27. 1989 11 

use on the grounds that tie maybe 
driving on the same highway as a 
user, or if deformed babies may 
result from use while pregnant. 
Obviously Mr. Kelly has not read 
many statistics on drunk driving 
and has not read the placards in 
liquor stores advising pregnant 
women not to drink. How can he 
retain his right to drink on those 
grounds? 

To further support his cause, 
the author refers to countries other 
that the United States. France, 
England, and West Germany are 
seen as havens of low murder 
rates, but does he realize that 
drinking ages are very low in ~ 
these countries causing very high 
alcoholism rates? Besides, drugs 
in those countries are not exactly 
hard to come by. For example, 
Hamburg, West Germany is 
notorious for open drug availabil-
ity, and tincture opium is sold 
over the counter in England, the 
same country which also gives 
legal heroin to addicts for rehabil-
itation purposes. Not very good 
examples. 

Nor was Japan a wisely chosen 
comparison: they have the high-
est suicide rate in the world, and 
would perhaps benefit from an 
occasional joint to relieve the 
pressures of life. The examples of 
the con of legalization were also 
inappropriate: Central and South 
America have problems unrelated 
to drugs, except that the U.S. 
finances their coke-lords. The best 
example (unmentioned, of course, 
by Mr. Kelly) is the Netherlands, 
where many drugs are accepted; it 
is possible to buy legal hashish 
and then proceed to smoke it at 
the corner coffeehouse. Yet Ams-

See DRUGS, pale 11 

THE \\ 'EL("O\IE \1:\'1' IS Ol T ... 
A'» CAREER OPTIO'S (;RO\\ ' 
When you learn one of 11 languages at the 

• MONTEREY INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
Summer Intensive Language Programs 

Mid-June to Mid-August 
FINANCIAL AID IS AVAILABLE 

For Information write: DIRECTOR, SUMMER SESSIONS 
425 VAN BUREN STREET, MONTEREY, CA. 93940 TEL: (408) 647-4123 

COMPUTOREOGE '89 
I • s p R N G • 
I 

Get a Handle on Computers ... 
• Two days of unlimited workshops, presentations, and- • 

new fl)( 1989-<ontinuous demonstrations. 

New, Expanded SemiIW'S 
• TlrinIUng With, Computer 
• SuperCIrrJ for AIle 
• BItch Filii Programming 

Ntwfot '989 
~Demos 

Get up closel Learn by doing - as experts 
show you the tips and techniques you need 
to gel going with ilia! software or hardware. 

No ..... for a tuff -.d of ........ 1 Chedl out tho all-new OemonsIntion HIlt. Fiw dotfars gains 
admiI1Mlco tnIO I !arlit IloI fiffld willi softWare and hIr_ domOs. DornonsIrIllOnS lab pIICI each day Of 

~ aympotium, from to I .m. to 3 p.m. (OemonsIntion Hall included in Il1o pnc:o of Compulof£dge '89 ) 

Marl! Your c-.. Now: 
• 9 a.m.- 6 p.m., all day! 
• sal. and Sun., ftqy 6 & 7 
• san Diego Convention and 

Performing AIls Cenler 
(Community Concourse) 

OnIySSS 

Rept" E.Iy ind Pay less! 
Early Bird Special $4S • 

'''''- AI<iO)(I, no< __ -,_IS 

Coming Soon 10 a Civic Center Near You 
_ .. _ .. _ ........ _ ... _._._ ... __ .. __ ...... _--_._._ .. _ .... _ .. __ ...... _.-.. _._--

Y ES' a Please sign me up for Computorfdge '89! Enclosed is my cflICk for • a Please send m. mort in'o-rmil.....,.,.ion- abo,....-ut· Computorfdge '89 
a I attended Compulorfdg. '88 last year 
t:l I want to an.nd Ih. Demonslration Hall 'or S5 

Compu!orEdge '89 
P.O. Box 83086 
San Diego, CA 92138 

Name: Addres-s:----------



12 Thursday. April 27. 1989 

Pub 
Continued from page 6 
rate stampede for a slot in Sol 
Price's endowment. This makes 
me ill. 

And where the hell was the 
A.S. when all this went down? 
Well, after strolling through their 
opulent new quarters on the third 
floor of the Price Center, I can 
quite clearly see how their silence 
in this matter was obtained. 

Although I am most relieved 
that this will be my final quarter 
here at this institution, where stu-
dent needs are so carefully ig-
nored, I feel saddened that new 
legions of students will arrive, 
never having known about the 

Pub, mainly, but also how our 
own administration signed, sealed, 
and delivered the charm, style 
and warmth of Horton Plaza to 
our own backyard , at our own 
expense. 

So, next fall when they get 
here, please tell them: Don't let 
them build the amphitheater! For 
as cool a the ideas sound . our 
"friends" will never let it be built 
the way it should . I thought a new 
and improved student center 
would be a great idea when the 
idea was presented. However, 
what was delivered was a miscar-
riage of ideas, some which worked 
(like the ballroom and the thea-
tre) and the rest of which dis-
played a adly misplaced trust in 

OPINION 
our affairs . Save your money, if 
for no other reason than to pre-
vent them from misusing it. 

David T. Chesavage 

Drugs 
Continued from page 6 
terdam is major capital of world 
finance and indu try. 

To choose to 'just say no' is 
every person's right, but to then 
limit the rights of others is not 
justifiable. The United States tried 
to stop the use of alcohol in a very 
un uccessful experiment: Prohi-
bition brought on crime and cor-
ruption and many deaths were 
attri buted to the use of alcohol 
cut with harmful contaminants . 
This ituation seems very much 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student I 

Carl's Jr. SpeCial : 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! ~FREE ! 
I . I I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Ret 

CouJ)OD expires Mar 31, 1989. One otter per coupon. I 
l One coupon per customer per Visit. Not valid with any ® I I other offer or dlscount Price does not Include tax. C!1II r,:lt- _..... I 
L @carI KarcherEnterplises. Inc 1989 .. -A·D U.I:". • 
. ------------------------

A Day in the Life of 

like the one we have today. Gangs 
of cocaine dealers with Uzi rifles 
have replaced the gangsters with 
Tommy guns and now it is the 
impurities in cocaine and heroin 
that very likely lead to most drug 
deaths; many striking parallels 
can be noted. 

The only solution is to legalize 
drugs as the Prohibition amend-
ment was later repealed. We still 
have many problems with alcoho-
lism and drunk driving, yet very 
few would consider a repeat of 
history. To continue to deny peo-
ple the right to use drugs is a 
serious mistake. 

Mr. Kelly has expressed his 
refusal to try drugs as an arbitrary 
choice that is only right because 

UNIVERSITY 
OF CALIFORNIA 
SAN DIEGO 

he thinks it is . He condemns those 
who do not choose the same way. 
Obviously Mr. Kelly's friends, the 
non-stereotypical Revelle book-
worms, also do not use drugs . Is 
this reverse peer pressure not to 
try drug? If Mr. Kelly were to 
smoke marijuana and like it, 
would his friends ostracize him? 
Perhaps this is the real reason Mr. 
Kelly does not smoke or snort, 
and not a matter of choice. 

It is time for drugs to be 
legalized since all other efforts to 
control them have failed . This is 
the only solution remaining, and 
it would be the most effective one 
according to history. Drugs are 
here to stay. 

Grel Mossman 

The UCSD Summer 

'89 

Session first five-week seSSion 
begins June 26 and the 
second five-week session 
begins July 31. An exciting 
range of courses from 
virtually every campus 
department is offered . 
Catalogs are available now. 
For your free copy. drop by 
thp, Summer Session Office at 
the UCSD Extension Complex. 
Monday through Friday, 8 
a.m.-4:30 p.m. , or phone 
534-4364 x22 . 

ERICA The AS. Internship Office 
and 

SOVIET 
UNION 

In Person 
Rick Smolan 
Creator and Co-Director of 
the Day in the Life series 
May 4th 
Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Price Center Ballroom 
Students $5.00 
G.A, $8.00 
UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

proudly presents 

INFO 
NIGHT 

Thursday, April 27th 
6-7 p.m. 

11110 Night will be held in Room 10 

on the first floor 01 the new Price 

Center. located in the dining 

1acilities next to the Chinese 

restaurant. All are welcome 

and encouraged to attend! 

The UCSD Guardian 

Veto 
Continued {rom page 14 
only that, but his bills obviously 
did not represent true student 
views. The amphitheater bill went 
down like a stink bomb, and the 
Atkin on vote was inconsequen-
tial. The fact that students voted 

. "no" on the Chancellor question 
- that they think he is not doing 
his job well - will probably have 
little, if any, effect. It is also note-
worthy that second place was 
taken by the "no decisions." 
Dimmesdale seemed to use the 
referendum to throw his name 
back and forth at the proverbial 
cocktai l party. 

By not allowing the students a 
chance to vote, Dimmesdale 
actually worked the opposite of 
what his job calls for. The A.S. 
president is supposed to represent 
student desires. Sixty-one percent 
of the students last year desired 
some form of sports bill, and this 
year's bill was even better than the 
one submitted the year before. 
However, it was vetoed in favor 
of two completely ludicrous bills 
that did nothing. 

SPORTS 

Saturday's Southern California All -Star Wheelchair Game at 3 p.m. in 
the Main Gym will conclude Disability Awareness Week 1989. Tickets 
are $3 for students. $5 for general admission in advance. and $7.50 at 
the door. For more information. call 534-4382. 

Catch Jammln' Night Fever. 
Listen to 91X-FM for more Information. 

Thursday. April 27. 1989 13 

Triton Sports Update 
Baseball 
Chris Murphy hit a home run 

and drove in four runs to lead the 
Tritons to an 11 -5 win over Biola. 

J .J . Fisher (6-1) set the tempo 
for the Triton defense early by 
striking out the first three - and 
four of the first five - batters he 
faced. He allowed just two earned 
runs in eight innings of work. 

Erik Judson went 3-4 and 
scored four runs while Dave Lig-
erman added three hits and three 
RBI. 

In the ninth inning Erikk Al-
dridge pulled off a rare accomp-
lishment, steali ng three bases -
second, third , and home - in one 
frame. 

Tim Worrell (9-2) took the loss 
for Biola. He is the younger 
brother of Todd, a pitcher with 
the St. Louis Cardinals. 

Golf 
The Tritons secured their posi-

tion as the second seed from the 
West at the National Champion-

· ships with a ninth place finish in 
the II-team UCLA Invitational at 
Industry Hills on Monday. 

While UC LA edged Cal State 
Long Beach for the tournament 
championship, UCSD finished 
ahead of Cal State San Bernar-
dino, the only other Division III 
squad at the Invitational. 

Devin Thomas shot a team-
leading 161 to finish 20th overall. 
Gary Bong followed with a 166. 

The Tritons will enter the Div-
ision III National Championship 
tournament in Iowa from May 
23-26 as the second seed. They 
will be seeded ahead of Cal State 
San Bernardino and behind Cal 
State Stanislaus. 

M.Lax 
Continued from pale 14 

coach Bob McCloud. 
The outlook for next year, when 

the Tritons move up to Division I 
status, is already positive. They 
handily defeated SDSU, UCLA, 
and Arizona State this year, three 
teams which the Tritons will face 
in league next season. 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
:$2 OFF : 
: ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
• • :5 1 OFF : 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
• • I • 
I • 
~ . 
I Please FREE • 
I present coupon CAMPUS I ' 
I when ordering DELIVERY • 
• 110 RS TO YOUR • I Mon·Thu. Ilam· MID DOOR .. 

Fri ·Sa\. I lam- lam 
I Sun. 11 .10am-MID • 

• • 
• • I • 
• &3 73 Villa La Jolla Dr La Jolla Village Square • 
. 1 455-0662 • 
........................... 

Choose .for Yaurself 
- Free Pregnancy 'Jesting 
- Pregnancy 1imnina/ion 

. - Birth Control 
- Gynecological Exams 

Family Planning 
Associates 

Medical Group 
Call the College Line 

619-535-1379 
for Student Discount 



14 Thursday. April 17. 1989 

V-'Ball 
Continued from page 16 
tournament and Head Coach 
John Burns will be una ble to 
attend the event for perso nal rea-
son . Chapman has been swept 
twice by UCSD this season. 

Host University of La Verne 
and UC Santa Cruz will compete 
in the other match. La Verne (4-2) 
i expected to advance from th's 
pairing. It is a strong team and is 
playing on its home court. Hitters 
Donnie Flora - who just returned 
from an injury - and Pat Paschal 
are constant threats at the net. 
Their play, offensively and defen-
sively, has paced the Leopards. 

UC Santa Cruz (1-5) is a feisty 
team and could upset La Verne. 
The Banana Slugs are playing 
their first season in the league, 
and are prepared for their initial 
tournament appearance. The team 
is well-coached and plays well 
together. 

Veto 
Continued from page 16 

"IRAC reviews what's happen-
ingand makes recommendations," 
'Judy Sweet , UCSD's athletic 
director, pointed out. 

Dimmesdale, however. acted 
as if he didn't even know IRAC 
exi ted . He aid that Rys' bill 
called for "the creation of an 
Intercollegiate Advisory Commit-
tee" that would have full control 
ofthe money created by the refer-
endum, not-even realizing that the 
A.S., in creating the amendment, 
was simply enhancing the power 
of an existing institution . 
Shouldn't an A.S. president know 
what committees are in existence 
and what aren't, especially if a bill 
he or she is sponsoring has to do 
with fees? 

Then there is the matter of 
Dimmesdale's second objection 
to the bill, and this is where the 
controversy ari es. Dimmesdale 

~---------------~---------~ : FREE : 
ELECTROLYSIS I I I 
$30 VALUE (23 MINUTES) 

EYEBROWS 
UPPER LIP 

CHIN 

FINGERS 
LEGS 

For first -time clients . Expires 5/ 24/ 89 

ALEXANDER 
ELECTROL YSIS m 
For Men & Women . All Female Staff 
SpeCializing in problem cases 
and sensillve skin 
GOLDEN TRIANGLE - LA JOLLA 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2121 
(behind Elephant Bar) 
CALL FOR APPT. 
558-0888 

" • I 
• 
• 
• I 
• 
• I 
I 

• 
• I 

~-------------------------~ 

SPORTS 
said that the bill would end up 
balancing out - that the final 
gain for the sports department 
would be zero. 

"The only contribution to ath-
letics would be the $5 per quarter, 
and after a few years there would 
not be any net gain for the athletic 
Jepartment," Dimmesdale said. 
He stated that the Reg. Fee 
Committee would freeze the de-
partment's budget and then not 
compensate for inflation. Accord-
ing to Dimmesdale, such an action 
would balance the approximately 
$225,000 extra per year that would 
go towards athletics. 

Tina Maher, A.S . council-
member, said Dimmesdale told 
the Council that "the students 
would be paying more in fees and 
it wouldn't get where it was in-
tended," and that that was his rea-
on for vetoing the bill. 

"That is simply not true," Sweet 
said. She explained that at his 
meeting with Watson, Dimmes-
dale was told that there would be 

no baseline increase in the athletic 
department's budget - that 
inflation would be compensated 
for - and that the only major 
impact of the bill would occur if 
and when the department submit-
ted for an increase in its baseline 
budget. 

Watson also expressed surprise 
at Dimmesdale's comments. He 
said it was his understanding that 
registration fees would account 
for inflation. 

'lDimmesdale] must have mis-
understood what I said, although 
I don't know how that's possible 
since it was repeated several 
times," he said. 

If this was the case, why did 
Dimmesdale then turn right 
around and veto t he bill? Rys was 
unavailable to respond to some of 
Dimmesdale's allegations, but said 
earlier that when he got out of the 
meeting with Watson and Dim-
mesdale, the latter turned to him 
and said, ''I'm vetoing it , period. " 
Rys said, "It looked like he was 

LATE NIGHTS AT CENTRAL 

By popular demand, Central University 
Library will stay open until 11 pm 
on Friday and Saturday nights 
during the Spring Quarter. 

For more hours information 
call 534 -3837. 

just looking for an excuse to veto 
the bill." 

Then there is the issue of Dim-
mesdale's recent allegations con-
cerni ng Rys. First he called Rys a 
"Ioneshark" - saying that he 
worked on both this year's and 
last yea r's bills alone. Further-
more, Dimmesdale claimed Rys 
had no support from the athletic 
department this year, and didn't 
lobby hard enough to get his bill 
through. 

However, Sweet knew of this 
year's bill two months before the 
elections, and the athletic depart-
ment worked with Rys both this 
year and last year as well. 

"[The Athletic Department] 
would have liked for the bill to 
have passed,and would have liked 
for the students to have been 
given a chance to vote on the bill ," 
Sweet said. Gannon pointed out 
that he had "worked hours and 
hours [on the bill] with Rys last 
year. " 

So why did Dimmesdale veto a 
bill with such obviously flimsy 
and easily controvertible excuses? 
Why is he making Rys out to be 
the bad guy? The answer seems 
obvious. Dimmesdale wanted to 
be sure that other the other two bills 
would be on this year's ballot . 
When presented with two options. 
a $20 per quarter reg. fee increase 
to build an amphitheater or a $5 
per quarter increase to fund sports, 
most students are likely to choose 

.the latter. 
Of course, there is no proof 

that Dimmesdale was protecting 
those bills, but the evidence sug-
gests it . If this is the case, it is 
shameful that such actions went 
unnoticed - Dimmesdale abused 
his power as badly as Nixon. Not 

See VETO, pale 13 

14TH BUDWEISER COLLEGIATE 

o 

~ ~ ~ t'J!!/t 
MISSION BAY • SAN DIE GO SA TURDA Y, APRIL 29 • MARINER 'S POINT • 8 : 00 AM 
Open to KniwTsity (J colUge students Men's wonun's (J co·ed dimloru • 
$21 per team. T·shiTts, aUJaTds (J Tefreshments. FOT fuTtMT infomuniOl1 
call Mike Hipp Of'Scott Bemdes at UCSD IntTamural SPOTts 534- 4037 

UC SAN DIEGO ,ASSDSU ,USD , 1=11 

Thursday. April 17. 1989 15 

CLASSIFIEDS 
------------------------_______ ~~O~~~~----------------------------
CllUlfild .dVIrtIIl,.1I IIId In l5-wwd Incr ....... 
The r.- per 15 wwlll II II lit' IIIIIIInII. 53 lit' 
l.cuHy 1IIIII.".n .• n. $4 lit' lIMn. r.y ... III 
__ I, FlQlllrId: IIIIrIfIr1. l1li .... III 1111l1li 
willi I chick (pay'" II ... UCIO .. _ • 
,....... In penen. ,.., haw. Ilact ella .... 
1IudI1_ •• 4 ,. •. TIIIrUay lit' M""'y·,1atII. 4 
P.1l M. lit' Thtnday·, ... The ........ 
rtIImI "" rlglllil ,... MY IMI1IIIIIII1cW-
III ... IIIIIIIIIIIId II n .. ,nlllllllp .... fir ... 
Iller .... CIII534i4ll The ..... UCI8. 8-
OllllJ .... ca82llll 

Want to make money while you ars out 01 town 
this summer? Renl your house. apartment or 
part thereof to responsible law students who will 
be clerking at Sehzer Caplin Wilkins & McMa-
hOn in San Diego. Please call Maria Macias at 
2IM- 2801 extenSion t 35 lor deta~s . (51t) 

Hurry now and get an internship in San Diego 
for the summer or fall. But take noIe. WE'VE 
MOilED! The Associaled Students tnlernlhip 
Office (ASlO) Is now localed in !he new Price 
Center on the east end 01 !he third 1Ioor. Signs 
witt be posted.(4/27) 

Padre game and Tailgate party May t sl. Revelle 
commuters and friends welcome. Sign up in 
Commuter lounge. (4/27) 

Bring your questions to Oceanvlew lounge. 
Panel discussion on Christianity - Apr. 27 -
Thurs. at 7:00 p.m. (4 /27) 

Come to Oceanview lounge. 7:00 p.m. on 
Thurs. Apr. 27 and ask your quesllons on Chris -
tianity! (4 /27) 

CHRISTIC INSTITUTE SUPPORTERSI Bill Davis 
will deliver an Update on Ihe Christic Lawsuit 
and related developments International Center 
Lounge. Friday April 28th. 8 p.m. Sponsored by 
San Diego Constitutional Integrity Alliance. 
(4/27) 

WARREN COMMUTERS IN ACTION - FREE 
P,ua Night May 3. 5-6 p.m. Plan Activnles. place 
TBA.(4/27) 

Warren's Commuter Big Brunc h BLOWOUT. 
Tuesday 5/2from t O- t at the Inlernahonal Cen-
ter St.OO "AYCE!,,(5/ 1) 

The All Campus Commuter Board presents a 
BBOI Softball FIESTA. Sal. 5/6. Muir PlaYing 
Field. t 1-4 p.m .. Free FOOd! Sign up to play on a 
team af respectlve College Dean's office.(5/ t) 

Free Haircuts! Those Wi lling to change th8lr 
style to lOOk their besl. Aurel Salon. 459-
0200.(4/27) 

Immediate Media - needs publiC relal lons and 
advertiSing Inlerns to work on vanous prOfecls 
Great internship. great people to work lorl If 
interesled cal l Ken leighton al 755- t 136 (51 t) 

Come by and Inquire about geHlng a summer or 
lall Internship in San DlElgo The ASSOCiated 
Studenls Inlershlp Ollice Will be haVing INFO 
NIGHT. Thurs. ApflI 27Irom6-7 p m. The event 
Will be on the first floor of the Price Cenler It Will 
be held in RM 10 next to the Chinese Restau-
rani All are welcome and encouraged 10 
allendll(5/ 1) 

Word Processing. Accura te . Reasonable . 
Prompt Service l eller Ouallty Pnnter Call 
54 I -0797.(51 t) 

Cuslom Surfboards - $ t 75 O'Shen Surfboards. 
Killer shapes and glass. qUick turnaround Call 
Tom @ 792-9756.(5 / 4) 

TYPING I WORD PROCESSING with laser prlnl· 
ing. low COSI term papers. theses. resumes 
Fast ! NADINE 578·0496.(31 t 3) 

$1.00 OFF 
Instant 

Passport 
Photos 

No appointment necessary . 
One coupon per customer. 

kinko'S· 
open 24 hours 
457-3775 

l 

L ____________ .I 

WORD PROCESSING. Student Rates. 7 days a 
week. Excellent English 51< ,lIs 755-2683 (5/ 18) 

MACINTOSH REPAIR: Free Estunales. quick 
lurnaround reasonable. EQ analoglpw $95 
400 drive: $45. upgrades available. Accept 
UCSD P.O.'SI Next to campus. weekends okay' 
Call CompullX. 535-0930 (51 I) 

COMPUTER Repair: Free Estimales
' 

QUick 
TurnarOUnd. weekends okay. component level 
Ilx. MaCintosh specials: S CALL Approved 
UCSO ( .. ), PO's Okay! CALL ' COMPUFIX 535· 
0930. 7 DAYS"" (5/8) 

MACINTOSH SPECIALS: Internal HARD DISKS 
lor: SE. II 40 Meg: $455: 20 Meg: $335: installed. 
FIRST TIME EVER: H.D for 512s and PLUS: 20 
Meg. 40 Meg: $call. Drives t year warranty. 
Tons 01 software. UCSD POS Okay. Next to 
UCSO 7 days. Call COMPUFIX 535-0930 (4 /27) 

WORD PROCESSING. Database - Spread 
Sheets. Term papers. theses. Reasonable. Cyn-
thia - 457-3872 or 753-4683.(5 / 4) 

The Last Word Processing. Fast. Accurate. Rei · 
iable. 566-9766.(4/ 27) 

Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200- 1500 hairs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Coun. Sludent discounts. 
(619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. (6 / 8) 

TYPING - Tern, . Theses. Ph.D.s. Legal. All 
formats. Rush jobs. MARIE-93t -9596. (5/4) 

WRITING & RESEARCH. tOOOs of sublects on 
lile. 800-777-7901 . (6/8) 

Womens TarOI counseling. Call JackI558-0938 
(eves) . (5/1) 

Word Processing - IBM w/ laser printer. Stu-
dent papers and resumes. Reasonable. Sludenl 
rates. Input / output 530-0470. (6/8) 

Typing l Word Processing: AcademiC manu-
scripts. l118ses. books. letlers. resumes. Fasl 
service. Mary Ann 452-9439.(4 /27) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal Copy Only 
$595. While you wall. Xeroxes and more. Near 
St. Germalns. 452-9949 (6/8) 

WE INSTALL YOUR AUTO STEREO and 
speaker systems at the lowest rates In the 
coun ty. Over 20 years combined experience. 
PERFORMANCE AUTO SOUND. 744-7026. 
(6 / 8) 

DENTAL CARE - UCSD student and slaff dis-
count. Insurance accepted. Next to Scripps 
Hospital. 453-5525 (6 / 8) 

Room - 5280 plus 1/ 4 uhlliles. Across Irom 
Fnday's - pool . spa. call Doug at 558-20t 1 
(4/ 27) 

University City - 51350 Beautllul house for 
renl. 4 br 2 ba . 1 t /2 car garage. large yard 
partly fenced lor dogs and lovely patio. Panly 
furnis1led. Ava ilable now. 546·8059 HAVA. 
(4/27) 

Share quiet c lean Claire mont house. no smok-
Ing. IHendly. renewable lease until September. 
5250/ mo. Mark 541 -2073.(5/8) 

Female roommate progressive household wi d 
Clalremont $305 wi d. We recycle usually 

leave message 277-1769 (5/ t ) 

Large 2 bedroom. 2 balh In P B. $400 a month 
plus 1/2 utilities tenniS VOlleyball. pool. close to 
the beach. 481-6400. exl I t (daytime) (5/ 4) 

Roommale wanted (maleltemale)" Own lur-
nished bedroom In a spacIOus 4 bedroom 
condo 10 minutes Irom campus. Washer I dryer. 
cable TV. lacUUI. pool. and 3 cool roommatesll 
Everything needed to live in luxury ... a must see! 
$3t O/ mo. no utilltl8s. Call Steve al27t -681 I or 
leave a message.(4/tO) 

Don't Let 
Academic Hassles 
Ruin Your Life! 

Come to the Sludenl Advocate 
Office for help with: 
• GRADE APPEALS 
• FINA NCIAL AID 
• DISCRIMINATION 
• H ARASSMENT 
• HOUSING 
• STUDENT RI GHTS 

TIll' Student Advocate call IJc!II'ell' 
reprfSfllf IOllr fa'" 10 Ihe 
Ullil'ersi,,·! Or. JUSI come in for 
so me good ~f]efrll 'e ad, ICC about 
the,c and man) other problem, 
Our office" up'lair> at the 
Student Center d.lily office hours 
arc a.ada blc. Or ca ll us at : 
534-4450. We're there to help! 

Fabulous one bedroom hideaway Ideal loca-
tion WIth vu overlOOking pool. Won'tlast 1 t 5.000 
Jan 459·4523 (4 /27) 

SubleHing your apanment th is summer? law 
lirm seeking summer housing for law students 
Call 699-3542 (4/ 27) 

Futon With 3-position trame unused I can 
deliver. $13900 Call 456-9571 (4/27) 

learn while you earn money lor yourself and 
UCSD. Gain valuable communication skills 
While conlacting parenls and alumni lor the 
UCSO Annual Fund Work llexlble hours at our 
on-campus office and earn 55-510 per hour 
Call 587-t589 lor more inlo.(4/27) 

Earn $1 O. Women. age I 8· 30. who binge and 
purge needed lor psych sludy 01 advertising. 
Sungle. privale session lakes 1 and 1/2 hours in 
office near UCSO. Caff Kale (71 4) 675-0532. 
(5 / 25) 

USSR info or experiences desired by scholars 
planning tnp Ihere In early t 990. 224-5664. 
(4/ 27) 

Branch management posllions ava ilable in your 
hometown dUring the summer. Earn $6- I 5.000 
and gain valuable bUSiness experIence No 
Inveslment Ac t NOWI Call Student Painters lor 
more informallon at 1-800-426-6441 .(5 / 1) 

Rider needed to share driving from UCSO to 
AshVille. N.C. Immediately aller finals Jim 
452-7742.(4127) 

Domlno's Pizza Campus Promotional Assistant 
part time.llexlble hours, great experiences Call 
T.J. Bruyers at 277 -2020 M-F 8:3O-Sp.m.( 4/27) 

Entrepreneurs - Earn SI .000/ monlh working 
10 hours l week Ihls quarter Work lull time thiS 
summer and earn ??? Call 481 ·4278 lor 
delails.(5/4) 

San Diego New BUSiness GUide IS acllvely 
seeking Interns lor Ihe tollowlng POStltionS arti-
cle edllors. production assistants and accounl 
executives Need Interns ASAP. If Interested. 
call Debbie Casher at 693·6020. (5 / t ) 

San Diego Museum 01 Art needs Interns ASAP 
Call Katherine Ball at 232-7931 / ext 171 (5 / 1) 

RCA AdvertiSing IS looking lor inlerns. Paid 
Internsh,p' Contact Dldl or Susan al 598-
7333.(5 / 1) 

Multi -Million 5$ Environmental Co has entry 
mgmt. pos available June l si Conlldenl 01 your 
abil ities? Call lor appl 448-6649 Part time 
available (51 t ) 

Restaurant al La Jolla Shores now hiring. lIe., -
ble hours. free meal, no experIence necessary. 
We wlillrain you. close to UCSD. apply at JeN's 
Burgers 2152 Avenlda De la Playa. la Jolla. 
between to a m and 6 p.m (5/1) 

Summer work $9.85 stan,ng rate. Retail cMln 
lilling 20 Immediate posillOns Scholarships 
available for those who qualify Start part time 
now. work full time thiS summer. No experience 
leqUired 565· t 533. (5 / 8) 

Summer jobs 10 save environment. Earn $2500-
$3500. National campaign posItions 10 pass 
clean air act. slOp 10xiC pollution. IIghlen pesti-
Cide conlrols and promote comprehenSive rec-
ycling . available In 18 states and D.C. lnlerviews 
oncampus5/t7. t8. t9.23.25.26. CaIiKatetoll 
free at 1-800-622-2202. In CA. call Ted at 619-
279-5553. (51 t ) 

HELPI I need Grateful Dead IIckets lor IrVine 
Show. April 291h. Saturday Call Cheryl 792-
925t .(4 / 27) 

Branch management posihons available In your 
hometown dunng Ihe summer Earn $6-15.000 
and gain valuable business experience. No 
Investment Act nowl Call Student Painters for 
more Information al 1-800-426-6441.(4 / 27) 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need not be expensive 
Sptciol Colltlt 
IlIdt", Prolrom 

CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 Camino 
0.1 Rio North 

H IS 

Immed,ate openings lor part-lime clencal help 
al Soup Exchange Corporale Headquarters 
Low slress. flexible day hours. great pay. and 
Iree meals

' 
Call Gretchen between 9-1 t and 

2-4. M-F at 581 -6700.(4/27) 

WANTEO Female companIOn lor SO-year-old 
energellc widow In exchange for private room 
and board. Driver'S license required. Excellenl 
opportumly tor mature. caring serious student. 
Call 455-0521 evenings 6-9. (4/27) 

Earn $75.00. Sub)ects wanted lor a study on the 
eHeets of alcohol If you are a UCSO student or 
non-academiC staff. Amer ican born. male. of 
entirely Japanese. Chinese. or Korean descenl. 
caN Scripps CliniC and Research Foundation for 
more information. 554-2192. (6 / 8) 

FREE research studies are available to people 
suffering from anxiety. Symptoms include feet-
Ing nervous. tense. i,,~able . slomach problems. 
Insomnia. muscle aches. and difficulty concen-
trating. SUilabie volunteers receive free medica-
tlons. lab tests. phYSICals and viSils with a physi-
clan 18 or older. please call the Feighner 
Research Institute Monday-Friday. to a.m.- 4 
pm. at 464- 4300. (4/ 27) 

Want to make money while you are out 01 town 
this summer? Rent your house. apartment or 
part thereof to responsible law students who will 
be clerking al Seltzer Caplan Witkins & Mc Ma-
hon in San Diego Please caM Maria MaCias at 
294-2801 extenSion t 35 lor funher informalion. 
(5/ 4) 

'19 Chevelle New clutch. brakes. tires. Slarter. 
battery. hoses. AM / FM. Engine Flushed. Well 
maintained Very Clean. Runs and lOOks greal. 
See 10 appreciate $1 .250275-2045.(5/ 1) 

Vespa P200E - t 980 White. chrome runners. 
Looks / runs greatl Must self soon I $800 Josh. 
558- t972 (5/ 4) 

Caslo SK- I 00 Sampling Keyboard w/ head-
phones. t 2 rhythm selecllons. 14 tones. 2 
sampling selections $1 50 Chris 455-64 t 8. 
(Si t ) 

Extravagant Wedding Dress - Must See!! 
Value $1 800 - Will seillor $600 Call Beverlleor 
Joshua 275 223 t (5/8) 

vw t 973 Superbeetle. New engine few years 
old. New palnlln line condition Taken care 01 
wllh love by essentially one owner ConSidera-
bly more power Ihan o1dl)r standard bugs. Fas-
ter Ihan a speeding bullel aclually These are 
beeomlng claSSICS $2000 obo Ask for Lee. 
534-3466 (51 I) 

Toyola 86 Tercel Llback.5doors. 5spd 28 5K 
mI.. air. am /tm casselle. new IIres. excellent 
- 55.300 or Ihe besl 546-8059 (4/ 27) 

For Sale 1983 Honda C70 Passport scooter. 
Excellent condition. Two-seater. Up to 50 m p.h 
$450 or best offer #546-9304 ASk for Bill (5/ t8) 

Airline Tickets Return Trip San Diego to San 
Jose May 24-29 Call 558-9221 (5/ 4) 

198t Honda 110 Trallblke Great Condition. 
T errrtic Buy $350 Call lor Inlo Noelle 556-
0729 (5 / 8) 

t 980 SAAB 900 - 4-speed. 4-door. white. 
excellent condition Alpine radio-pIOneer speak · 
ers 456·9554. (4127) 

1979 Toyota Supra. excellenl condition Sun-
rool p/ s.p / b. crUise. tinted Windows. new tires 
and battery. am l lm cassene. $3.300 or best 
offer Call Brian 558-2629 (4 /27) 

Wet SUIt O'Nelli Full. Short Sleeve With aHach 
sleeves. Good Shape Mens small DeniS 
535-8935.(5 / 1 ) 

'19 Chevelte New clutch. brakes. IIres. starter. 
battery. hoses AM I FM Engine Flushed Well 
maintained Very Clean Runs and lOOks greal 
See 10 appreclale. $1 .250. 275-2045.(5 / 1) 

Summer In Europe From $349 A /T on diS-
counted scheduled airlines Europe Irom San 
Diego. Call (800) 325-2222. (4/ 27) 

Surfboard: 6'2" thruster. gorilla gnp. excellent 
condition. $t 70/best oHer. Call Marcos at 
558-9286 (51 t) 

Vespa P200E - 1980 While. chrome runners 
lOOks/runs greall Must sell soonl $800. Josh: 
558-1972.(514) 

CaSIO SK- tOO SampWlQ Keyboard w/ head-
phones, 12 rhythm selections. I 4 tones. 2 sam-
pling selections. $150 Chris 455-64 I 8 (5 / 1 ) 

Don1 miss the chance to study In Australia or 
New Zealand lor an academIC year) Applica-
tions and Information available at the Interna-
tional Center (534-1 t 23). DeadUne May 5. 
t 989. Call Now!! 

Wanted' 34 people. We'll pay you to lose up to 
251bs. In the neld 30 daysl Or Recommended. 
t 00'lb natural 100% guaranfeed. Call: Katie 
565-8696.(4 / 27) 

TAROT READINGS - Embark on a Metaphys-
Ical Journey Ihrough Ihe ancienl symbolism of 
Tarot. 558-0938. evenings (5/ 15) 

John and Tami's Garage Sale Monday-Friday. 
4/24-4 / 28. 12-5 p.m , Mandeville's Annex 
Gallery. (4/ 27) 

Write a leHer. save a life: JOin Amnesty Interna· 
1I0nal. Weekly meetings Wednesdays Hl t 205 
a16:3O p m. Everyone welcome" (4127) 

linda. won't you join me althe Warren commu· 
ter big brunch BLOWOUT. Tuesday 5/ 2 from 
lOam -1 p.m. at the International Center? It's 
"all you can eat." and great people 10 meetl(51 t ) 

AOPI - Looking lorward to getting Booby-
trapped In Ihe Della (4 / 27) 

S. MISSing you more than you know Happy 
Annlversaryl? Love Always. R P.S. See you 
tomorrow?(4 /27) 

Delts - F"day ended too soon We'lI have to go 
hunting again. the SIg Kap·s.(4127) 

Congratulahons 10 everyone whO competed In 
ISVT Go leam llourescenl' The Sisters of Sigma 
Kappa.(4127) 

To lhe new A S officers: WelcomRI Here's look-
Ingtoward a greal new year - Sigma K's (4 / 27) 

Joycee. Hang In There, Baby' Thanks for being 
such a special girl! Yours lorever. Bernle.(4 /27) 

EARN 
EXTRASS 
Earn S88 every month. 
Donate plasma. Study 
while you help others. 

New Hours For Your 
Convenience: Open 

Until 6 PM Mon.-ThUrs. 

For information call 
226-1133. 

Essential Biologics 
3340 Kemper St #101 
San Diego. CA 92110 

r·~·--·-·-·"'-·-·-·~·-·-·-·-·-·-·-·-·-·"'---·-·, 
• IN CHIEF · · EDITOR • , · • 
• 

• 

· • 
• Applications for the 1989-1990 i i i • 
• academic year are now being i i i • accepted. Drop off or mail cover • i i letter, resume and clips to the i i i i UCSD Guardian, C/O John Shaw, i 
· I 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. , 

• · 
• For more information, call i t · 

• 
• 534 6580 i 
· l ......... .-.... _ ................................................ j 



16 Thursday. April 27. /989 

________ s~~~~3~S--------
Commentary: The Athletic 
Referendum That Never Was 

Dimmesdale Denied Students 
The Chance to Vote 

By DAVID POTICHA 
Staff Writer 

• • It is the spring quarter of 1988. Chris Rys, a Warren 
College junior, submits a referendum to the A.S. Council that 
calls for a $ 15 per quarter registration fee increase which would 
provide funding for a football team at this school. The referen-
dum passes the Council, gets a majority of the students vote (61 
percent), but still fails . The referendum needed 66 percent of the 
vote to pass. No football. No funding for intercoLlegiate athletics. 

• • Fall quarter, 1988. Rys, in his last quarter at UCSD, 
submits a new bill to the A.S. Council. This bill only asks the 
students to pay a $5 per quarter fee increase to help improve 
athletics in general. The new bill does not even touch upon the 
flammable subject of football. 

• The A.S. passes the bill 16-0, with two abstentions. How-
ever, it does not pass the bill without first adding an amendment 
- one that gives the Intercollegiate Recreation Advisory Com-
mittee (lRAC) and the Registration Fee Committee (Reg. Fee) 
more discretion and power in regards to the allocation of the 
collected money. 

. 

• Maynard Dimmesdale, the A.S. president, supports the bill. . 
However, he tells the A.S . that he must first clear everything with 
Joe Watson, vice chancellor of undergraduate affairs, before 
giving his final approval. 

• Dimmesdale meets with Watson twice and then proceeds to 
veto the bill. At the same time he writes and approves a bill 
asking for a referendum on a registration fee increase of $20 per 
quarter for a new amphitheater and approves a bill for a referen-
dum concerning students ' confidence in Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson. 

Conclusion: Dimmesdale used his power in a blatantly unethi-
cal fashion , just to get the two referenda he favored onto the 
ballot. 

Dimmesdale gave two excuses tor vetoing the bilI, but both 
have turned out to be fuJI of holes. The first excuse Dimmesdale 
gave was that Watson expressed reservations about the bill -
that Watson was not going to allow IRAC or Reg. Fee to have 
more power. Dimmesdale also accused Rys of adding this 
amendment to the referendum, despite the fact that Dimmesda1e 
was present when the A.S. required Rys to modify his bil1. 
Dimmesdale accused Rys of trying to "play Dr. Watson . ~ 

Watson disagreed with Dimmesdale's excuse. "I'm not so sure 
I expressed any objection to the bilI, just that it was brought to us 
late," he said. However, Watson said that he expressed exactly 
the same sentiments about the amphitheater. 

If Dimmesdale was going to veto one bill, why didn't he veto 
both? 

See VETO, pace 14 

Men's Lacrosse 
Season Comes to 
An End at Whittier 
By JONCARLO MARK 
Staff Wr;/~r 

The season came to an end for 
the men's lacrosse team Sunday 
when it fell to Whittier College 
14-8 in the second round of the 
Western Collegiate Lacrosse 
League playoffs. 

RI_ Uzatrts' Guardian 

Follow the L ... , - Adam Lelkoff (with Dall) helped lead 
the Tritons to a 16-8 victory over Loyola Marymount yesterday. 
With the victory, UCSD claimed the Southern California Colle-
giate League Championship for the third straight year. 

The loss also blemished the 
Tritons'perfect record, which was 
12-0 before the game. Whittier 
had not lost to a West Coast team 
all year, and holds the top rank-
ing among the West Coast Div-
ision I schools. UCSD was top-
ranked in Division II in the west, 
and no team had been able to 
score more than eight goals 
against them in any game this 
season. 

The Tritons had just completed 
a sweep of Northern division 
schools before entering the play-
offs. Conference Tournament This 

Weekend for Men's Volleyball UCSD earned the right to play Whittier by defeating UCLA 15~ on Friday. In that game Juan Mil-
lan, Doug Shadd Ie, Brad Bunten, 
and John Rentzipas all collected 
hat tricks while the defense, 
headed by Orion Alcalay, Sven 
Haynie, and Joe Brown prevented 
the Bruins from posing much of 
an offensive threat . 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Contributing Sports Edi/or 

The Tritons dominated play 
during the Pacific Coast Volley-
ball Conference regular season, 
and they expect to do so again 
when tournament play commen-
ces this weekend at La Verne. 

"We are the team to beat," 
UCSD Head Coach Digger 
Graybill said. "We domiliated in 
conference play and we expect to 
dominate in the tourney. All we 
have to do is keep playing at a 

, consistently high level." 
The Tritons are on a roll. They 

have won seven of their last eight 
games, and were undefeated in 
conference play. Their only loss in 
that span was to ninth-ranked 
San Diego State in five games. 
UCSD is ready to claim the title 
that proved so elusive a year ago 
when it fell 3-0 in the Conference 
C hampionship. 

Last year, the Tritons stumbled 
into the tournament with a 3-3 
league record. They lost four set-
ters and All-Conference player 
Nick Rothman - yet they still 
managed to scrap their way to the 
championship game before being 
swept by UC Irvine. The Anteat-
ers are now playing in the power-
ful Western Intercollegiate Vol-
leyball Conference. 

The Tritons will play this year's 
tournament without middle block-
er John Lim, an All-American 
nominee, but their depth and 
talent should more than make up 
for his loss. 

Even without Lim, the Tritons 
have been virtually unstoppable 
in the middle. Steve La Bonge has 
picked up where Lim left off, and 
John Davey has sparkled all yea r. 

The formidable pain has forced 
teams to send their attacks outside. 

The Triton defense is one oft he 
best in college volleyball. The 
defense is led by Jeff Babcock, 
third in the nation in digs, and 
Nick Rothman., who is ranked 
ftfth in the same category. 

UCSD will face Chapman Col-
lege in the opening-round game. 
Chapman (1-5) is playing as well 
as can be expected given the cir-
cumstances their team has faced. 
They have lost their program and 
their coach - volleyball is being 
dropped by the school after the 

See V.BALL, .... 14 

-

"It was a great year for us - we 
kicked some ass considering our 
record in the past two years," 
Shaddle said. 

The Tritons' record from the 
past two yean was 4-8 and 3-9 
respectively. The turnabout this 
season was achieved by a youth-
ful team behind the guidance of 
Head Coach Bruce Seitz and 

See M. LAX, pqe 13 

PHIl. 'S~ PRIME PI(,'KS~ 

By PHIL GRUEN 
SP0rlS Edilor 

(Phil is currently 18-11-1) 

NBA Playoffs: Golden State 
Warriors vs. Utah Jazz 

Favorite 
UTAH 

Spread 
2 Games· 

Underdol 
Golden State 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... Right afterthey qualified 
for a playoff berth, the Golden State Warriors, hold-
ing down the No. 4 spot in the Western Conference, 
went into a tailspin. As a matter of fact, I'm not sure 
they've won a single game since then. Letdown? lack-
adaisical? Not a chance. The Warriors wanted to 
make sure they lost just enough games so that they 
secured the number seven spot in the conference. In 
other words, they wanted the opportunity to play 
U~ah. Why? If there is any team the Warriors know 
they can beat, it's Utah. They've already mauled the 
Jazz twice this season, and two years ago, they beat 
Utah in the first round ofthe playoffs. Two years later, 
armed with Mitch Richmond and Chris Mullin 
instead of Purvis Short and Sleepy Floyd, they're 
going to do it again. Don't count on getting any mail 
for the next few weeks, because Karl (The Mailman) 
Malone's contract with the post office is going to be 
terminated against the Warriors. Phil advises you to 
take the spread and .. , 

What 
Baseball (M) 
Crew(W) 
Crew(M) 
SoftbaU (W) 

Who 
at California Baptist 
at Oxnard All-American Regatta 
LONG BEACH STATE 
at Loyola Marymount 
WHITTIER 

Track" Field (W) at UC Irvine Invitational 
Track" Field (M) at UC Irvine Invitational 
VoUeybaU (M) Pacific Coast Champs. at La Verne 

When 
Apr. 27 
Apr. 29-30 
Apr. 29 
Apr. 28 
Apr. 29 
Apr. 29 
Apr. 30 
Apr. 28-29 

2:00 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. 
7:00 a.m. 
1:00 p.m. 

12:00 p.m. 
10:00 a.m. 
10:00 a.m. 
S &9 p.m. 

TAKE THE WARRIORS 
' OO.aeIa.M (rom IIIe- Fn"u RfMtIWf', Ga6dis. OK . 

WHOSE LEAD SINGER SWEARS THAT 
"THEY CAN BLOW YOU AWAY BECAUSE THEY KNOW THEY CAN?" 

THAT VERY CONFIDENT LEAD SINGER IS PERRY FARRELL AND HIS eAND IS JANE'S 
ADDICTION. AND MAYBE, JUST MAYBE, JANE'S ADDICTION IS AS GOOD AS THEY SAY 
THEY ARE. 

As THE BAND EMERGES FROM ITS MOST EXPLOSIVE TOUR YET, (INCLUDING SEVEN 
SOLD-OUT SHOWS IN Los ANGELES, TWO AT SD5U's MONTEZUMA HALL, AND ONE 
ATTHE BRAND NEW IGUANAS IN TIJUANA),JANE'S ADDICTION HAS. TOCOIN A PHRASE, 
TURNED THE MUSIC WORLD ON ITS EAR. 

SO WHAT DOES FARRELL MEAN WHEN HE GRIPES IN A TAPED INTERVIEW, "THINGS 
ARE GOING GREAT AND AWFUL ATTHE SAME TIME. WE'RE GETTING CRITICAL ACCLAIM, 
:BUT WE'RE ALSO GETTING SLASHED TO BITS. WE'RE DOING, I THINK TERRIFIC, BUT AT 
THE SAME TIME WE'RE CUTTING OUR THROATS. By NOT PLAYING BALL. SO TO SPEAK, BY 
NOT GOING THROUGH THE MOTIONS LIKE NORMAL BANDS DO, WE'RE CAUSING 

SEE JANE'S, PAGE 6 



w 

• Art Alive is an annual fun-
draiser which blends nature with 
arc, featuring amatuer and pro-
fessional floral designers. It runs 
April 25 -27 at The San Diego 
Museum of Art. Informatio n 
Hotline: 232-793 1 x ART. 
.. Jau in Motion photography 
exhibit will premiere at UCSD's 
Third College Cultural Cele-
bration on April 3D, from 11 
a.m. to 5 p.m. in Third College'S 
La Casa Gallery. 
• A champagne reception for 
the Polish-born artist, Joanna 
Zjawinska, will be held Friday, 
April 28, from 7 to 9 p.m. at 
Hanson Art Galleries in La 
Jolla. For further information 
call 454-9799. 

• The Dancen and Musi. 
cians of Bali, a company of 45 
Balinese dancers accompanied 
by a full gamelan orchestra, will 
perform at 8 p.m. April 27 in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 
The dancers will present a range 
of dances, including solos, trance 
dances, and mask dances. The 
basic components of the musical 
gamelan ensemble are maralla-
phones, gong chimes, cymbals, 
drums and flutes . Call 534-4090 
or 534-31 20 for more 

v f 
information. 

Bryan Bilyeul Guardian 

• UCSD Graduate student and 
composer, Victor Bloom, will 
have his piece,~ntet,per­
foimed on May 3 at 8 p.m. in 
the Mandeville Auditorium 
bySONOR. 

SONOR is a new music 
ensemble of faculty and graduate 
students which provides an 
outlet for experimental music. 
The recent SONOR guests have 
toyed with electronics, amplifies, 
visuals and sometimes o ff-the-
wall concepts that border on on 
performance art. 

However, when recently 
speaking to Bloom he said that 
his 13-minute, one movement 
piece with string quartet of his 
work it will be interesting to 
listen for the traces of recent 
Pulitzer Prize winning UCSD 
professor Roger Reynolds who 
h as worked with Bloom. 

Tickets to the performance 
which also features works of 
Janos Negyesy and Nancy 

I Turetzky and Bertam Turetzky 
I range fro m $3 to $6. 

• UC San D iego Music Depart· 
ment will host a noon seminar 
A pril 27 In Erikson Hall B-
210 (12 p . m. free). Scheduled 
at 8 p.m. that evening, New 
Music Forum with music from 
UCSD graduate composers will 
be in Erikson Hall B.2103 
(frl'e). Call Margot W alk at 
534·5404 fo r more informatio n. 

• Bonita Ford will present a 
reci tal demonstrating different 
textures in piano music, Friday, 
April 28, at Mandeville Recital 
Hall. The event is free . 
• April 27 The Dead Milk-
men will appear at SOMA 555 
Union St. at 7 p.m. 
• San Diego Symphony: April 
27,28, Klaulpeter Seibel will 
conduct Ovation Series #7. On 
April 29, a program entitled 
Cla .. ical Hits will be per-
formed. All performances begin 
at 8 p.m. at Symphony Hall. 
There will be a pre-concert lec-
ture in the Lower Lobby one 
hour before the programs. For 
more information call, 
699-4205. 
• The Center for World 
Music and Related Arts will 
sponsor Shubho Shankar on 
sitar accompanied by Pranesh 
Kahn on tabla. The concen of 
North Indian Music will be 53[. 
April 29, at 11 a.m. at 2225 9th 
Street, Olivenhain. There will be 
an Indian style vegetarian lunch 
served at the end of the concert. 
Call Gopa Patnaik at 436-8277, 
or Vasanthi Shenoy at 
755-1613. 

-compiled by deb e. younK 

Meet the two toughest cops in town. 
One's just 

alitt1e 
smarter than 

the other. 

}AMES 
BELUSHI 

E-9 
AND INTRODUCING 

JERRY LEE M HIMSEIJ' 

lGORDON COM ~ IROO DANIEL!Io 
"K·9" MEL IIARR/S , SfEVEN SIEGEL 

I mIT mRS,", ~GOODMAN 
CtNara SfRJEL = OONNA SMffiI 

~ IAWROO GOROON.w 
~ GORDON ~ ROO IMNIEL 
IPOJE---~ 
- iMi_1 

OPENS FRIDAY AT A 1HEATRE NEAR YOU. 
r-'·~·-·-'·~·-·-·"·-·-'·-·"·-"-·-·--·-·-·"·"·~·--·-·-·-·'-·-·-.-.-.~ .... ~ .... --. __ I PHOTOGRAPHERS' MEETING! ! 
i Monday, May 1 -- 6:00 p.m. at the GUARDIAN I 

~ .... -.-....... -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.~.-.-.-.... -.... -.... ~ .... ~.-.~.-.. ....... -.-.-.-.~ 

"'~ ,. .......... "' .. " .................. • .... "~ ........ "' .... • ...... ···,,·,, .... IOJI ••• ~ ...... " .................. , 

Denise Dabrowskin has the lead in Romeo and Juliet. 

California Ballet Breathes 
Life Into Romeo andJuliet 

by audrey lyo wioterer 
hiauu intern 

There are two kinds of cul-
ture. One is in a petri dish at 
UCSD. The other can be found 
at the East County Performing 
Arts Center. Next weekend, 
San Diego's own California 
Ballet will once again breathe 
life into Shakespeare's time 
honored classic, Romeo and 
Juliet. 

Associate Director Charles 
Bennetr is also choreographer 
to special guest Mark Lanham, 
and California Ballet Principal 
Ballerina, Denise Dabrowski. 
These two renowned dancers 

kinkolJ· 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville La Jolla Dr. 

ROUNDTRIP fROM THE WEST COAST 
LONDON $640 
FRANKFURT $694 
PARIS $714 
MADRID $730 
AM5TERDAM $690 
COPENHAGEN $780 
MILAN $770 
BRUSSELS $684 

UCSD PRICE CENTER 
ABOVE THE INFORMATION OFI:lClol 

wiJllead contemporary two-act 
performances of this human 
drama. 

Ballerina Karen Evans will 
dance the role of Juliet in the 
matinee performance. Other 
artists include Pattick Nollet as 
Tybolt, David Crookes as 
Mercutio, and Lurie Pfiefer as 
the Nurse. 

. This cultural experience is 
being presented on Friday, 
April 28 at 8 p.m. and Satur-
day, April 29 at 2:30 p.m. and 
8 p .m . Tickets range from 
$12.50 to $21, with students 
receiving a 20 percent discount. 

I R I U 

o 

ARTS fOIlOR 
SDHRInR ~ou m Dn s 

ASSOCIAH Am fOIi OR 
CYn lHIR CAm PHHl 

Assls lRn l AR1S fOlloRS 
PAm JU1I[ 

oonOVA n P. ROCH 

muSIC fOIT OA 
l H R R ~ WflnJRHUH 

o SfnloR STAH WHIlER 0 
Gnsc HR OGlnl 

IGR9HU IIHRnHI 
Dl GI Gn ConsulfRnis 

mlHf mRRIlnfl 
COHR DfGIGn 
IIR munORH 

o Sim WRIlfRG 0 
mRRCI ARonOVIll 

RRrHUR RGH 
lA URR 9RH fA 
PRm COO,ltH 

Jim GAAH 
CHRlmnn HU IIRR 
JOHn H HRnfY 
lRURR HnHPp 
JHr LAmom 

PHil mACGOVfAn 
mlHf mARlinn 
lRRA mlHRIR 
n Rn c ~ munrn fR 
JULI f SOn nlRG 
mn SUIUHI 
0[9 f. ~oun G 

VOL umf 22 numm 4 

Beat Farmers Trace Their Roots 
by laura baker 

hiatus writer 

It's hard to picture a scruffy bar 
band like the Beat Farmers per-
forming in the new Price Center 
ballroom. 

Apparently, it was hard for 
anyone to picture. As of last Fri-
day, only 60 tickets had been sold, 
prompting UEO to cancel the 
concert. UCSD has missed out on 
the chance to break in the too 
clean, too plastic Price Center 
with a performance by San Die-
go's most raucous, rowdy, rock 
'n' roll band. 

You will have to go elsewhere to 
hear Jerry Raney, Rolle Dexter, 
Joey Harris and Country Dick 
Montana perform their unique 
brand of rock-metal-country-blues 
music. 

The Beat Farmers play every· 
thing from George Jones to the 
Kinks to the Velvet Underground 
to Kenny Rogers to Tom Waits to 
Neil Young. Who knows, maybe 
even a little Zepoelin. 

The variety of music they play 
may make them difficult to label, 
but it's what makes them o ne of 
the best local live bands around. 
Even without the excuse of a 
grand opening, don't expect them 
to simply perform because they 
throw one hell of a party. 

To make it a more personal 
experience, here is a little back-
ground information on rhe band 
members (courtesy of Country 
Dick). 

Guitarist Jerry Raney was aban-
doned as a child and subsequently 
raised by migrant farm workers in 
El Centro. His only formal educa-
tion has been guitar lessons that 

began at age eight. He played on 
the road for several years until he 
returned to San Diego and even-
tually formed his own band, Jerry 
Raney and the Shames. After sev-
eral of The Shames were jailed 
following a major bust, Jerry 
turned to Country Dick for advice. 
Shortly afterward, the Beat 
Farmers were born. 

Of himself, Country Dick 
writes: born in Memphis of a car-
ney father and a side-show <'ttrac-
tion mother, billed as "the amaz-
ing Frog-Woman" due to her 
frighteningly low voice. His claims 
to fame: in '65 his father, who was 
doing five years for mail fraud at 
the time, shared an El Paso jail cell 
with Johnny Cash after the latter 
was arrested for bringing speed 
across the Mexican border. 

In '78, Country Dick served as 
See ROOTS, paae 5 Midge Ure 

Ure Answers On His Own 
by patty jettie 

assistant arts editor 

M idge Ure is someone whose na me is always ringing in the public ear. 
W ell known for his involvement in various projects, it is only recently 
that the former leader of Ultravox is gaining recognit ion for his 010 
work. 

O ften toting the title of rock's " elder statesman," Ure is renowned for 
his crucial contribution to Band Aid . Co-writer of the single "Do They 
Kno w It's Chr i tmas," he was also a trustee of the Band Aid T rust. 

In addition, U re played the Importa nt ro le of musical director in the 
recently acclaimed Prince's Trust concerts 

W ith A nsu-ers To Nothing, Ure I fmally on his own. With both the 
video and radio successes of the single " Dear God" and hiS current 
pro motional club tour receiving fai rly warm cntical reviews, Ure IS 
optimistic about his latest endeavor. 

See MIDG E, page 5 

The 
, Dance,s and Musicians 

VGEND OF SURAM FORTRESS 
DIRECTED BY SERGO PARADJANOV 

& DODO ABASHIDZE 
AFTER FIFTEEN YEARS OF IMPRJS-
ONMENT BY THE SOVIETS, SERGO 

PARAD/ANOV (THE COLOR OF POME-
GRANATES) RESUMED HIS CAREER WITH 

THE LEGEND OF S URAM FORTRESS. 

BASED ON AN ARMENIAN LEGEND, IT 

GEORGIAN FORTRESS 

ANO THE MYSTERJOUS 
FORCE THAT CAUS E IT 

TO RUMBLE EACH TIM E 

IT NEARS COMPL ETI ON . 

1/ A ric", opl/lmt 
mOl'ie ... the temptation 

to merely look f llld 
i .. lfIlO/'C JII /Jat 's bei11Jf 

said is IT,·mt ... bitt tbere 
is p lOd for tbe mind 

bere {I S well. " 
Sigh t & SOllnd 

FOR THE FORTRESS TO STAND, SAYS A 

LOCAL ORA LE, A YOUNG MAN MUST BE 
WILLING TO BE BRJCKED UP WITHIN ITS 
WALLS. THE LEGEND OF THE SURAM 

FORTRESS IS A FILM LIKE NO OTHER. 

IT's A BREATHTAKING VISUAL FEAST OF 
SUMrTUO US OLOR AND FOLKLORJC 

SPECTACLE COMBINED 

WIT H A VIGOROUS 

NARRATIVE DRJVE, AND 

THE VI CE RAL. r ULL OF 
AN EPI C FA IRYTALE . 

1985 USSR 35 mm 
90 III i Illl tes 
Russian \\'ith 
r..nglish s ubtitlc~ . 
May 2, Tuesday 
8:00 p.m. 
Price Center Theater 
Series Pa s: 51 5.00 
Si ngle: $2.50 

U SD Box Office: 534 -4 559 

of e 

"One of the most challenging. stimulating. exotic and beautiful 
shows to come along in a long time." -San FranCl SCU Chronicle 

April 27, Thursday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD St. $12.00, G.A. $16.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $14.00 
~ .-nr~ UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

'--___ Presented by University Events & Student Act ivit ies ___ .....I 

T ' • I 

\ ..' .. j. .1 11 ~ ~ 



HI~TUS musIc THMR DUIZ 
Congratulations to last week's winner, Brent Stahl. Brent ans-

wered all the questions correctly. Brent, your name will be on the 
Beat Farmer' guest list the night of the show. This week KSDT 
resumes its ponsorship of the music trivia quiz, and future 
winners can pick up their free albums with Mark Neiter at KSDT. 

This week 's quiz: 

1) Prince is donating a song to what upcoming film? 
2) What pop star is set to choreograph the video of this song? 
3) Who wrote The Roy Orbison song, "She's A Mystery Girl"? 
4 ) What earlv '80s female rock star was recentlv featured on 
" Wiseguy"? What was her first name on the show? 
5) Who did the original music for the TV show, "The 
Equalizer" ? 

Last week's answers were: 
1) San Diego 
2) Slim Dunlap replaced Bob Stinson 
3) 3 
4-) Andy Warhol 
5) The Los Angeles Embassy Hotel 

r------------------, I FREE CAPPUCCINO! I 
I Buy any small. medium or large frozen yogurt and I I get a delicious cappuccino drink free! I 
I . ' f.,"\-" ~ I 'f (' r- ...... . ....,u: ~ -~ 
: ~=I( : 
I VOId wtIh 01'1'( oilier Oller. I 
I 'oppIngI ncllnc:tudecl. ExpIres 4/30/ 89 I One coupon 10 a 
I CUIIomer I 
I ITI I Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. 
I 11-11 Fri. & Sot. I 12-10:30 Sun. J~~O 

'

I 7770 Regents Rd~ Suite 10& v;::~W I 
L (in Vons Shopping Center) ' .boo I ------------------~ 

Ja1e's 
Addiction 
Friday, May 5 

Graduate Festival of Plays 
by nancy muntner 

hlatul wrirer 

UCSD's Department of Thea-
tre's Plays in Progress festival will 
offer four new one-act plays. The 
plays will show on an alternating 
schedule at the Warren Theatre. 

All four plays were written by 
students in the MFA playwriting 
program. The showing of the plays 
allows the playwrights to gain feed-
back about their work, so that 
they can do rewrites. Since the 
focus of the performances is on 
writing and acting, scenery and 
costumes will be minimal. 

Double Espresso, written by Wil-
liam Reyes, concerns the triangu-
lar relationship of two Italian men 
and an American woman. The 
pLay takes place among the Roman 
ruins in Italy, and examines the 
emotional dynamics of the three 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

H AIR<;::UTS 
by Christinllllnd KtlthINn 

WOMEN 517 
(reg. $25) 

MEN 514 
(reg. $/9) 

main characters. 
Fever Iry North, by Daniel Cama-

cho Cazarez, is the story of five 
Mexican men who work for 3 
young white dairy farm owner. 
The five workers must deal with 
feelings of resentment and hope-
lessness about their situation, 
which finally combust into a test 
of their friendship. Graduate stu-
dent Todd Salovey directs this 
play. 

Self Defense, by Kelly Easton, 
deals with lost innocence. It is the 
story of a country girl who dis-
covers the cold world of the city. 

For appointment. pleas~ call 457-2fJJO. 8'50 I'U. LII Jollit Dr., 
Str. 2120. La Jolla (behind EI Torito directly ocross romp.) 

jetteTsan Ma,s and Kari McGee in 
Tro, P. Cardena's pia, Berlin 
Krieg. 

Mary Coleman, a graduate stu-
dent, is directing. 

Berlin Krieg, written by Troy P. 
Cardenas, tells of two German 
punk rockers who create a plan to 
extort money from the parents of 
some rich young Americans. The 
play contains situations which may 
be offensive to some people as it 
contains portrayals of violence, 
vulgarity, and sexually explicit 
language. 

Performance schedules are avail-
I able by calling the UCSD Theatre 

Ticket Office at 534-4574. Per-
formances will begin on April 26. 
A $5 pass allows for admission to 
the Pia,s in Progress festival. Passes 
will be sold at the door, and at the 
Theatre Ticket Office in the Man-
dell Weiss Theatre. 

BAJA CAUFORNIA'$ 
SHOWCASE THEATER 

&PAnOBAR. 

"-_ ... __ ·I.~ 
_ . ___ a .. 'ITII 

,~ra _ .IlIlIIon.1 

For More Info. Call 
230-TJTJ 

'fIX SNEAK PREVEW 
CINCO DE MAYO WEEK-END 

FEATURING 

The 
FIXX 
Sabl'day, May 6 

-GRAND WEEKEND 
MAY 18th PRESENTS STEVE B. 
MAY 19th TONY! TON! TONE! 
MAY 20th 'fIX PRESENTS ~D WORLD Be TIE WAIl FRS 

- UPCOMING SHOWS 
SAMANTHA F(J( 5127 
RED HOT C .... PEPPERS 613 
NEW KI)S ON THE BLOCK 6111 

• All Shows: Dance Concerts- General Admission 

• Located In the 
PuebIo-Amigo 
shopping center 
A 'lye minute walk 
across the border 

--
LOGIC fOR THE 
kUlP\JULOAMlGO 
SIGNS JUST lINT M lJJIJS 1DNl .. _ 
THE flU SIM1U. 

Roots 
Continued from paRt! 3 
president of "The Kinks Preserva-
tion Society," the officiall y recog-
nized Kinks fan club. In '81, he 
formed the band Country Dick 
and the Snuggle Bunnies, and spent 
the first three months of '83 in 
Imperial County jail on an assault 
rap after falling off stage and break-
ing the leg of a spectator. After his 
release, he formed the Beat Farm-
ers. 

Bassist Rolle Dexter: born and 
raised on a farm in Missouri where 
he was forced to appreciate blue-
grass, jugband and hillbilly music. 
which was performed every Sat-
urday night at their "barn hoot." 

Due to a bank foreclosure, all 
nine family members piled into a 
'63 Chevy wagon and headed for 
California. After the shock of a 
scarring exposure to urban scum 
life, Rolle withdrew and re-
discovered music, leading him 
eventually to the Beat Farmers. 

Guitarist Joey Harris: born in 
San Francisco and weaned on folk 
music due in no small part to 
being the favorite nephew of 
seminal Kingston Trio member 
Nick Reynolds. He first met 
Country Dick when he moved to 
San Diego and enlisted as one of 
Dick's Snuggle Bunnies. Fated to 
hook up with him again, Harris 
replaced Beat Farmers guitarist 
Buddy Blue when Blue left to 
form local country band, The 
Jacks. 

The only verifiable bio (at least 
one fact) is Jerry Raney'S who 
really did grow up in EI Centro, a 
town he calls "the sleeziest in Cali-
fornia. It's an agricultural town 
and it's in the desert. I've been in 
weather that's over 120 degrees 
there. There are tons of bums and 
insects. I was there 'till I was about 
12 or 13 and that's when I got the 
hell out. That's really the truth ." 

For a band that started "in the 
Spring Valley Inn playing to con-
struction workers who drank beer 
and shit," as Dexter recalls, the 
Price Center represents quite a 
departure. 

It seems the Price Center isn't 
the pLace for a wood floor slick 
with beer and the room thick with 
smoke, or for Country Dick Mon-
tana blessing the crowd with beer 
and condoms. 

Midge 
Continued from paRt! 3 

"This is the first time in my 
career that I've had to stand up 
and say, 'right, this is Midge Ure, 
this is what he sounds like, this is 
what he does.' without any out-
side influence," Ure explains. 

"I don't have to compromise at 
all in what I'm doing - and that'S 
very strange for someone who's 
been in the music business for 12 
years. That's why I consider 
AnslOC-TS to Nothing my first genuine 
solo album." 

Spending 10 months recording 
the album in his home studio, Ure 
composed all of the songs himself. 
Yet he had numerous musical 
contributions from such artists as 
Kate Bush, Mark King (Level 42), 
Mark Bmecki (Big Country) and 
Robin and Ali Campbell (UB40). 

Ure is scheduled to perform 
tomorrow at 8 p.m. at Spreckels 
Auditorium. 

Come 
Hiatus 
Today 
.:30 

Wrtters 
Guarclan ~+-~~ --~~~ 

.... .., .. . 
., ... IIIADI 
U2 • 'l1li a.I • aM 
... CHI_ 
101 IAftIAIII • Jl1'C 
01Il00 110 •• 80 

............... 

We'reOpen 
MON.-SAT. 10-9 
SUN. 11-7 
at 
515 Arst st. 
Encinitas 943-0041 
and 
6136 EI Cojon Blvd. 
265-0507 

HOT NEW STUFF NOT TO STUDY TO 

... " ~ ............. .. 
, '. .............. 

.... .. .... 

.... .. .... 

" 
" 

MQrrllMV Interesting Drug (12". 7' 
Co$$. sgl. . CD 501.) 
Cure Lullaby (COlored vinyl) 
GUlli "N to.. Appetite. lies 
(Japanese w/stickers) 
XlC King tor a Day (12") 
Trawlllng W11buty1 End of the Line 
(12"w/stlckers) 
Chllltlon 0eaIh Catastrophe Ballet 
(Pic-Disc) 
PbdeI Doolittle (LP) 
Xymox Twists of Shadow (LP) 

Jesua ~ Inlo Heoko (Hot 12") 
Sugordog Groove to Gel Down 
(1 eckno Acid Beat 12") 
TIIIIII SIlo SIca Acid (Ska/House 12") 
Greater lhon 0". London (LP) 
TaelcHeod Ticking Time Bomb 12" 
SItIIllttIe Flngerl See You Up 'here 
(dbUP) 
PrIde 01 Independence Indle 10p 20 
(V/ACD) 

ledllC~: lore OUkJI-ptinI alngI .. 
by low Wow Wow. Marc Almond. 

Sldd loper/Wllllling $pUrl Trolls Plowed Deoct Of AlI\Ie. MalcOlm McLaren and 
Under(LP) m«.-get . ..,. while you coni 

PlUS MANY NEW T-SHIRrS AND POSTER SHIPMENTS ARRMNG DAILY. SO 
COME ON IN AND COYER YOURSElf AND YOUR WAllS! 
CASH PAID FOR AllUMS. CASSETTES. <151, VIDEOS .. CDs 

WITH SPECIAL GUEST: 

ROYAL CRESCENT MOB 
The 

e.IIIo. .... --_ ... ". .... .. ... --- _... . -..... - . - -... -- . 
.-. 

FEATURING . .. mEL PULSE 
SUGAR MINon * MARCIA GRIFFITHS 
HALF-PINT * SOPHIA GEORGE 
809 BAND * TOMMY COWAN M.C. 
" BIGGEST REGGAE FESTIVAL IN THE WORLD" 

VIOLENT 
FEMMES 

-e leI n. - -- -- --- -------------;:""- -=:--= ._ -:-.---

JIMMY BUFFEn 
AND THE CORAL REEFER BAND 

8:00 
WED 
JUN 

Available at May Co .. Mod Jock·s. Tower Records. CMc Box OffIce. PerkIns Book Worm. Ms nx and the Aztec Center Ticket 
0IIIce. To charge by phone call 278·TIXS. Open AA Theatre evenls (]fe produced by Avalon Attractions fOf AssocIated 
SludenIslSon Diego State University. No bottles. cons Of alcoholic beverages permitted on Of around the facili1y. lDSU studenl 
discount available at the Aztec Center Ticket Office. 



UNDERGRADUATE ARTS FESTIV AL 

~ 
Involvement in the Undergraduate Arts Festival is open to all students. All kinds of work is 

welcome in the many categories which include outdoor installations, photography, studio art, dance, 
and music. For the more adventurous, try an evening of performance art . 

Please be aware that in order to be mentioned in the Festival catalog, work specification forms must 
be submitted by May 1. These forms and more information about the Festival are available in the 
Visual Arts office, Mandeville 217. The Festival runs during 10th week of spring quarter. Help 

l~ 
'. ~~ 
'. 

:: 
'. 

ii 
'. 

-8allCha ogiru li 
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::0: 

celebrate the arts at UCSD! 

lnWU\ RitnRns \ ~min 

Jane's 
Continued from page 1 
hundreds of thousands of records 
not to be sold." 

It could be the less-than-family 
oriented cover of the band's latest 
album ironically titled, Nothing's 
Shocking. The cover features a Far-
rell sculpture of nude Siamese 
twin female manequins with blaz-
ing hair-dos. Maybe it's Perry's 
tendency to go a little overboard 
during live performances. Or per-
haps it's the band's decision to 
make a music video not ideal for 
MTV. Whatever it is, Farrell, 

everybody should have one of these ••• 

guitarist Dave Navarro, base player 
Enc Avery, and drummer Ste-
phen Perkins wouldn't have it any 
other way. 

Hailing from the blossoming 
Los Angeles music scene, jane's 
Addiction fits in among the more 
eclectic. Though the press rarely 
agrees, jane's Addiction prefers to 
be classified along the lines of L. A. 
favorites, Fishbone, the Red Hot 
Chili Peopers and X. 

Farrell criticizes the critics, " I've 
seen some just beautiful, beautiful 
bands growing out of Los Angeles. 
Unfortunately, the bands that they 
lump us in with are not those 
beautiful bands." 

See JANE'S, page 7 

BEGGAR'S BANQUET HOT ROCKS (1964-1971) LET IT BLEED 

HERMAN'S HERMITS 
GREATEST HITS 

THE BEST OF 
THE ANIMALS 

SAM COOKE AT THE COPA I MARIANNE FAITHFULL'S GREATEST HITS I THE ROWNG STONES I 
12 X 5 I THE ROWNG STONES NOW lOUT OF OUR HEADS I DECEMBER'S CHILDREN (AND EVERYBODY'S) I 

AFTERMATH I GOT UVE IF YOU WANT IT! I BETWEEN THE BUITONS I FLOWERS I 
BIG HITS (HIGH TIDE AND GREEN GRASS I THEIR SATANIC MAJESTIES REQUEST I 

THROUGH THE PAST, DARKLY (BIG HITS VOL. 2) I GET YER YA-YA'S OUT I MORE HOT ROCKS 

SPECIAL SALE PRICES EFFECTIVE - APRIL 26 THROUGH MAY 9 
HOT ROCKS I MORE HOT ROCKS: 2 LPs/1 CASS $1 ... 2 CDs s2P 
ALL OTHERS: LP/CASS SS- CD $1 .... 

TO MIDNIGHT· 365 DAYS A YEAR 

lUUliR RiCURDS \ 'J\DiD 
~ 04....-. EL CAJON 

796 Fletcher Parkway 
across from Parkway Plaza 

OPEN '0 AM TO '0 PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

iIIIII:D Records 
© 1989 

L m 

Winter People: A 
Modern Folk Tale 

by laura knapp 
hiatua luff writer 

At first glance, Winter People 
seems like just another film about 
a backwoods feud between two 
families, where only tough men 
can survive and women have to 
leave the room when decisions are 
being made. 

After watching the film, the 
scenario proves to be different, as 
the movie centers around a 
woman, her child and a clock-
maker who has never used a gun. 

These roles are played by Kelly 
McGillis and Kurt Russell. Mc-
Gillis plays Collie, an unmarried 
woman with a baby. Since this is 
not acceptable to either her family 
or the community, she lives in a 
cotrage away from town. 

helps him. 
The two opposing families ar~ 

the Campbells, who live across 
the river, and Collie's family, the 
Wrights. The conflict of the movie 
is created when it is discovered 
that the father of Collie's child is a 
Campbell. 

Taylor begins to build a clock 
for the town in exchange for a 
truck to leave. As he proves him-
self to Collie's family, Taylor beg-
ins to fall in love with Collie, and 
eventually fights the man that 
fathered her child. This leads to 
Collie having to chose between 
her child, her family lind Taylor. 

This movie has spectacular 
scenery and the acting is superb. 
McGillis steals the show with her 
performance. Russell is the per-
fect counterpart to her role: a civ-
ilized man trying to make it in 
unfamiliar territory. 

Jane's 
Continued from page 6 

Meanwhile, the band has leaped 
to the forefront of the Los Angeles 
scene. The tremendous success 
of their first independently-
produced album, Jane's Addiction 
caused an all out bidding war as 
every major label begged to sign 
them. Farrell claims, "We had 
'em' all kissing our feet." 

The winner was record industry 
giant, Warner Brothers, and the 
resulting album Nothing's Shocking 
ranges from the abruptly metallic 
to awkwardly soothing. 

In the hard flaring, "Ocean Size"-
Farrell sings of the torture of being 
uprooted and made homeless. 
Wish I was ocean site/They cannot 
II\Ot.Ie 'JOU/No one tri£s/ No one pulls 
you out fram )lOUr hole/ Like a tooth 
aching a jaw bone. 

On the other extreme, the 
band's signature song, "jane Says" 
is acousticall y gentle. Farrell 
claims, "It's a real, real Holly-
wood song. It's about a close 
friend. Jane is like the sweetest girl 
if you ever met her. There is a 
softness in my heart for that song." 

How does this music translate 
to the scage? Fans say that Farrell 's 
theacrical antics are hypnotic and 
sexually provocative. The critics 
call the live show more powerful 
than the album, while the band 
considers it step two in the art of 
performance. 

She takes in Mr. Taylor, (Rus-
sell) and his daughter Paula (Ame-
lia Burnette) when they become 
stranded in the town. Taylor is a 
clock maker who knows nothing 
about the lifestyle of Collie and 
her family. When he cannot leave 
town because his truck and supp-
lies are destroyed, Collie's family 

The movie moves qUickly from 
scene to scene with fast paced 
action. It is not a film whose scen-
ery tries to make up for its story-
line. This film has both. As 
McGillis says, it is a folk cale. In 
my opinion, it is one worth seeing. 

Wa,land Jackson (Kurt Russell) and Collie Wright (Kell, McGillis) 
fall in low in Winter People. 

So the critics rave and the fans 
buy the albums, what's next? 
janes's Addiction insists that 
they've only just begun. Perry 
claims, "There's lots of things we 
just can't do yet because we don't 
have the budget." 

foot Locker. 

HOSTIDBY 
Steve Timmons 

• April 29 & 30 
• Hermos. Beach Pier 

• $5,000 Cash & Prize Purse 
• Fashion Show Saturday & Sunday! 

Where I""';' • will 

wu;on 
WilSON SPORIING GOODS co 

PRISINTID BY 

I~CALIFORNIA 
~PROLINE 

TEAC. 

..... -Presented by University Events & Student Activities --.. 

AKACS 
STRI NG QUARTET 

Mozart: Quintet in G Major, K.387 
Webern: Six Bagatelles, Opus 9 
Stravinsky: Three Pieces for String Quartet 
Brahms: Quartet in A minor, Opus 51, No.2 

May 7, Sunday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD St. $9.00, G.A. $15.00 

~ AI IU' _ .. , . 1U0 JACII·S. II", .. TiC:IICIiIiIt ...... II(C_. 1'£." ... _ & UIS III 
• TICM'MAITU CUIIIGE ("tl 211· HU 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 



ON-CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 

Not everyone is cut out to change 
the world. After all, it takes educa-
tion, skills and a spare two years. 
Also a willingness to work. Hard. 
This year 3 ,750 Americans will join 
the Peace Corps to do just that. 
They'll do things like build roads, 
plant forests and crops, teach 
English, develop small businesses, 
train community health workers, 
or even coach basketball . However, 
what they'll be doing isn't half as 
important as the fact that they'll be 
changing a little piece of the world 
... for the better. 
And when they return, these 
3,750 Americans will find that 
experience doing hard work will 
have another benefit. Irs exactly 
what their next employers are 
looking for. 
So, give the Peace Corps your next 
two years. And while you're out 
changing the world, you'll also be 
making a place in it for yourself. 

INFO BOOTH: Monday, May 1 - Wednesday, May 3, On "The Hump", 9am - 2:30pm 
FILM/SLIDE SEMINARS AND DISCUSSIONS: 

MEET RETURNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 
Career Services Center Conference Room 

Monday, May 1, 3 - 4:30pm, Film: "Let It Begin Here" 
Tuesday, May 2, 3 - 4:30pm, Slide Show: "Peace Corps in Honduras" 

OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES FOR EDUCATORS - A SPECIAL SEMINAR 
Wednesday, May 3, 2 -4 pm 

Career Services Center Conference Room 
INTERVIEWS: Tuesday & Wednesday, May 16 & 17, Career Services Center 

APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 
SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

For more information contact the Career Services Center or call Peace Corps collect at 
(213) 209-7444 ext. 110 

PEACE CORPS 
STlU THE TOOOHEST JOB YOU'LL EVER LOVE. 

, " 

»-oj t~ .4 '1 t .- • ,. 1 


