
, - -- . '.' ,.' ' .. ::. 
~ -

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO THURSDA V, MARCH 9, 1989 VOLUME 66, #19 0 
Fees May 
Increase, 
UCSASays 

APeD Decision Opposed 

UCSD Students 
Protest Toxic Burn 

By LAURA PROCTOR 
Senior Staff Writer 

Administrator at several UC 
campuses are "attempting to sub-
vert" legal restrictions on system-
wide fee increases by turning in-
stead to campus-based fees , ac-
cording to a fact sheet prepared 
by the University of California 

tudent Association (UCSA). 
Each quarter, UC students pay 

for two kinds of fees: systemwide 
and campus-based. Systemwide 
fees consist ofthe University Reg-
i tration Fee and the Education 
Fee, and make up the bulk of stu-
dents' tuition. 

By REBEKAH YOUNG 
Staff Writer 

Nearly 130 students attended a 
rally at Revelle Plaza on Tuesday 
in protest of a proposed test burn 
of toxic waste at Ogden Envi-
ronmental Services I nc., located 
off Genesee Avenue, a few block 
from UCSD. 

The rally was organized by a tu-
dent coalition sponsored by the 
UCSD Wilderne s Club and end-
ed with a march to the Ogden 
plant. 

"We want people to be aware 
of issues, like this one, that affect 
the environment," Ru sell Flink-
man, a Wildernes Club member 
and rally organizer, said . 

Campus-based fees vary from 
campus to' campus. UCSD fees 
include an activity fee to fund the 
Associated Students, a University 
Center fee, and a Recreation 
Facility fee that goes to Canyon-
view. 

State Senate Bill 195, enacted 
in 1985, sets the maximum sys-
temwide fee increase per year at 
10 percent for in-state under-
graduates. The policy, however, 
makes no provision for campus-
based fee restrictions. 

Approximately 130 'UCSD students gathered Tuesday to protest 
toxic waste burning near campus. Following a rally in Revelle Plaza, 
the students marched to the Ogden Environmental Services plant 
located on John Jay Hopkins Drive. 

According to Flinkman, the 
rally was in response to a prelimi-
nary permit that the San Diego 
Air Pollution Control District 
(APCD) issued to the Ogden toxic 
waste incinerator. 

After the APCD issued the 
permit ~llowing Ogden to burn 
toxic waste on an experimental 
basis, a 15-day public comment 
period was granted . The rally was 
designed to take advantage of 
that period so students' views 
could be heard, Flinkman added. 

According to the UCSA fact 
sheet, campus-based fees have 
begun to replace systemwide fees 
as a source of revenue for the U ni-
versity. The most common ex-
amples of campus-based fees are 
those that fund student govern-
ments or student centers. 

sity programs, and told byadmin-
istrators that the programs will 
cease to exist without an increase 
in fees." 

pen at all campuses," he said. "It's 
very hard for the students to 
oppose the administration on 
something like this." 

The fact sheet also states that 
"Students are presented with val-
uable and often essential Univer-

Any new campus fees must be 
approved by the students in a ref-
erelldum, but according to 
ASUCSD Vice President-Exter-
nal Mordecai Potash, campus 
administrators are capable of 
pushing referenda through even 
when they are not in the best 
interests of the students. 

Potash, along with ASUCSD 
President Maynard Dimmesdale, 
commented during a joint inter-
view on a recent proposal by the 
UCSD administration to increase 
the Recreation Facility fee. Al-
though the proposal has been 
postponed, Potash warned that 
next year's A.S. president should 

"We're not necessarily opposed 
to what Ogden is doing. Getting 
rid of toxic waste is great. It's the 
location we're opposed to. There 
could be a better place to do this," 
stated Brent Davis, another Wil-
derness Club member. 

Diane Takvorian, a member of 
the Environmental Health Coal i-"U nethical campaigns can hap- See FEES, page 7 

A.S. Approves Student Center Referendum 
By LAURA PROCTOR 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council last night approved a 
referendum asking students if the current 
Student Center should be converted into a 
center for student co-ops. 

Despite the new name, non-cooperative 
organizations and enterprises such as the 
Grove Caffe and Assorted Vinyl would 
remain in the center. 

Regardless of the outcome of the vote in 
the upcoming spring elections, the adminis-
tration will not be required to recognize the 
re ults. 

Co-op members at last night's A.S. meet-
ing said they have gathered almost 2,000 
signatures supporting their referendum, in 
case the council rejected it. The measure 
pa sed in a roll call vote with 14 in favor, six 
against, and one abstention, after initially 
failing by a narrow margin. 

The Council amended the referendum 

before they passed it, however, and co-op 
members last night were not sure if they 
would proceed with the amended version. 
The alternative is to continue gathering sig-
natures to put the original measure on the 
ballot. 

Both versions of the referendum would 
establish a Student Cooperative Center 
Board that would be separate from the cur-
rent University Center Board. 

The new board would consi t of at least 
one representative from each co-op, college 
and student enterprise located in the center. 

In addition, 'there will be a representative 
from the Graduate Student Association. 

The Council amended the referendum to 
add an A.S. representative to the board, and 
to specify that the center was for student 
organizations as well as co-ops. 

The co-op members also stated in the 
referendum that they wanted the $12.50 
quarterly fee that currently goes to the Stu-
dent Center to be lowered to $10.50. Coop-
eratives are non-profit, they explained, and 

FEATURES 
SDSU Radio Station 
Fights to Survive 

only $10.50 would be necessary to effec-
tively run the Co-op Center. 

Before the A.S. Council pa sed the mea-
ure, they amended it to prevent lowering 

the current $12.50 fee. Several councilmem-
ber commented that the co-ops might as . 
well leave the fee the same, ince tudents 
were used to paying it, and the co-ops would 
probably need the money. 

Co-op members said they will have to 
meet with members of the other co-ops in 
order to decide if they will support the origi-
nal or amended version of the referendum. 

The Council also passed a measure 
expre ing strong support for and olidarity 
with UCSB students who participated in a 
hunger strike that lasted almost two weeks. 

The trikers were protesting in titutional 
racism and demanded that their administra-
tion institute a two-course ethnic studies 
requirement. Several A.S. council within 
the UC System have expressed similar sup-
port for the triking student . 

8 
IttmOti 
Check Out XTC's 
New Album 

tion, said, "I'm very impres ed 
with the [UCSD] student ' invol-
vement. It's important and nece -
sary. After all, UCS D is Ogden 's 
most populous neighbor. The 
APCD has to listen to the public 
and that include the people who 
attend and work at the Univer-
sity ... 

Students waved signs that read , 
"APCD Protect UCSD," "Ban 
the Burn" and "No Permits for 
Polluter " a Ed Gorham, an 
epidemiologist (a scienti t who 
studies the cause and incidence of 
di ea e) poke to the crowd. 

See RALLY, page 3 

Coalition 
Protests 
Ogden Burn 
By REBEKAH YOUNG 
Staff Writer 

An Environmental Health Co-
alition rally was held yesterday at 
the San Diego Air Pollution Con-
trol District (APCD) office to 
protest that agency's issuing of a 
toxic waste burning permit to 
Ogden Environmental Services, 
Inc. 

The rally, protesting against 
the possible burning oftoxic waste 
near the UCSD campus, took 
place just one day after a imilar 
demonstration here by UCSD 
students. 

The protest took place at the 
APCD office in Clairemont at 
noon on March 8. As with the 
UCSD rally, the protester wanted 
to make their opinions heard be-
fore the 15-day comment period 
end on March 9. 

"Tomorrow, the APCD closes 
it hearing period ... We need to 
make sure the APCD knows that 
they don 't have the citizen' in-
formed consent, II stated Ed 
Gorham, an epidemiologist work-
ing with the Environmental 
Health Coalition. 

A crowd of about 50 people 
made up of senior citizens, tu-
dents, and mothers with their 
children, clapped and cheered a 
Gorham repeated the speech he 
had given the day before at UCSD. 

He spoke of the heavy metals 
that will be burned at Ogden, tat-
ing that none of the e metals have 
been tested in the Ogden incinera-
tor. The rea on the e metals 
haven't been tested is because 
they cannot be destroyed by burn-
ing, Gorham aid. 

See COALITION, page 3 

h3 



I~ UC NEWS 
UCR Dorms and Buildings Hit with 
Six Arson Fires Within Foul' Days 

RIVERSIDE - Three fires occurred in the A & I 
dormitory, one at the Tomas Rivera library, one out 
side the Computer Statistics Building, and one outside 
the Veitch Student Center at UCR between Saturday 
Feb. 25 and Tuesday, Feb. 28. 

In each case, arson is suspected. The fir t fire, near 
the Student Center, was a trash can fire which was put 
out by a campus police officer. There was no property 
damage . The second fire, out ide the Computer Statis-
tics Building, involved a bottle "on fire," which con-
tained what authoritie believed to be lighter fluid. 

At 2:38 a .m. a fire wa discovered in a men's re troom 
in the A & I dorm. An unknown person or persons set 
fire to a roll of toilet paper. The paper and the plastic 
holder were burned and there was a slight amount of fire 
and smoke damage. Two more fires occurred in this 
dorm the next day, one in another re troom and one in 
an elevator. Both caused minimal fire and smoke 
damage . 

On Tue day evening, a trash can in a Toma Rivera 
library restroom was set on fire which was noticed by 
a upervisor who extinguished the fire before it spread 
through the area. 

Police are still investigating the arson aspect of the 
incidents and the possibility of the fires being related in 
o rne way. ._ Robin lee, Highlander 

UC Berkeley Academic Senate Revises 
American Cultures Proposals 

BERKELEY - The UC Berkeley Academic 
Senate has revised a required American cultures 
propo al that authors hope will be more acceptable to 
fac ulty members. 

Re~isions were made on the propo al after faculty 
members opted to po tpone a vote last semester. 
Some feared that the course would focus on people of 
color, excluding a study of white Americans. 

The original proposal requires that all student pass 
a course focusing on the contributions of two out of 
fou r ethnic group - blacks, ative Americans, lati-
nos and Asian Amencan . 

The Academic Senate will meet to discuss the new 
proposal on April II and will vote on it at the end of 
April. - Heather Jones, Daily Californian 

SHORTS=== ____ _ 
U C Berkeley Students Protest Con-
struction of Animal Research Facility 

BERKelEY - In a failed effort to halt construc-
tion on UC Berkeley's new animal re earch facility, 
six animal rights activists climbed a I 75-foot crane 
early Wednesday night, Feb. 21, al,J hung 15-foot long 
banners from the top. 

The demon trator claimed that they would remain 
on the crane until their supplies ran out. But rather 
than stop construction on the Northwest Animal 
Facility, the activists just delayed work on the site that 
construction workers were using the crane on. 

The demonstrators are all members of the Coalition 
Against Militarism, Animal Abuse and Environmen-
tal Hazard . Other animal rights activist groups were 
present to show their support for the protest. Man-
deep Gill , a co-leader of the Berke!::y Students for 
Animal liberation, characterized the protest as Ma 
very positive, moving" experience. 

·'It's a publicizing attempt and an economic 
attempt," Gill said. "Every day they're up there, the 
University loses money." 

University spoke per on Ray Colvig, who was 
present on the scene, said the protest is "a huge 
irony." 

- Sherry Joe, Daily Californian 

UC, CSU Students Protest Fee 
Increase Following UCSA Meeting 

SACRAMENTO - Approximately 400 UC and 
California State University students rallied against fee 
increases outside the state capitol building Monday, 
Feb. 28 as legislators arrived to review next year's 
state budget. 

The students, most of whom were participants in 
the 18th annual UC Student Association legislative 
conference in Sacramento, tried to di suade law-
makers from approving a state budget that includes a . 
proposed 10 percent education fee increase for Cali-
fornia residents at both UC and CSU campuses. 

The current annual UC education fee is $1,556, not 
including summer ession, and would increase to 
$1,700 if the 10 percent increase is passed . 

Although no action was taken at the first meeting 
of the Senate Budget and Fiscal Review Subcommit-
tee on Education, UCSA Executive Director Dale 
Bankhead said it "went well" for students. 

Bankhead attributed the initial success of the meet-
ing to Ma combination of well-founded policy presen-
tations," and the personal testimonies of two students 
who would be directly affected by the fee increases. 

- Heesun Wee, Daily Nexus 

ATM Shutdown in Berkeley Causes 
Problems for Wells Fargo Customers 

BERKELEY - Every Wells Fargo Bank auto-
matic teller machine in Berkeley shut down Feb. 22 
for six hours, frustrating bank employees used to the 
convenience. . 

The shutdown affected 454 Wells Fargo cash 
machines statewide and forced people to get their 
money Mthe old fashioned way" by walking inside the 
bank, Wells Fargo Bank spokesperson Kim Kellogg 
said. 

The specific cause of the malfunction could not be 
identified, according to Kellogg. 

lines inside the bank located near the UCB campus 
were long, said one unidentified bank teller. 

Somt: slUdents were affected and voiced their anger 
to the bank. One UCB student said that as a result of 
the shutdown this student had no money for lunch 
and did not want to wait in line inside the bank. 

- Patricia Jacobus, Doily Californian 

I if"··· SPOTLIGHT 
Funds Available for Students Wanting 
to Improve Undergraduate Education 

Funds are available for the 1989-90 academic year 
from the Chancellor's Advisory Committee on the 
Improvement of Undergraduate Education to support 
efforts of the faculty and students to improve under-
graduate education at UCSD. 

Priority is given to programs that meet the goals of 
the committee which include the improvement of 
existing courses, the development of new courses, the 
introduction of experimental approaches to teaching, 
and the evaluation of teaching activities. 

Some examples of projects supported by instruc-
tional improvement funds are CAPE (Course and 
Professor Evaluation), U.S. Grants, the Teaching 
Assistant Development Program, the Faculty Devel-
opment Program, the Playback Center, and the 
Freshman Seminar Program. 

A standard proposal form with detailed instructions 
is available from Thomas Hull, assistant to the vice 
chancellor of academic affairs, MAAC 105, exten-
sion 43132. The deadline for proposals is March 14, 
1989. 

-compiled by Lena K, Lilht 

Volunteer Connection Offers 
Involvement Opportunities 

The Volunteer Connection at UCSD acts as a 
liaison between UCSD staff and students and 
the San Diego non-profit community. If you are 
interested in these opportunities, please stop by 
the Volunteer Connection office on the second 
floor of the Student Center or call the office at 

. 534-1414. Show San Diego that student do care 
about the communities in which they live. 
Citizens For Service Workers 

Volunteers are needed during spring break 
and throughout spring quarter to assist in a sur-
viva l campaign to Insure that basic necess ities 
such as food, clothing, blankets, and functional 
heaters are available to Western Service 
Workers Association members. Citizens For 
Service Workers is a campus organization inter-
ested in providing material support for the 
struggles of service workers. Join with others to 
improve low-paid workers' living and working 
conditions. 
Project Recrea/ioll 

The rational City Police Department is look-
ing for a volunteer to help in the supervision of 
the recreational and social programs for yc,uth 
within the city parks and agencie . "Project 
Recreation " worh with high risk youths prom-
oting posi tive alternatives to delinquent behav-
ior through the development of individua li7ed 
and group activities. The volunteer commitment 
will consist of a minimum of two days per week _ 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

RALL Y: Students Protest Ogden 
Continued from page I Gorham claimed that during 

Gorham described the test burn one test at Ogden, the toxic chem-
at Ogden as a" ... human experi- ical toluene was actually formed 
ment in which [UCSD students) during the burning. 
are the study subjects." He added "770 time t he permitted 
that because student have no amount of toluene wa released in 
choice but to participate in the a 1984 test. Toluene cause cancer 
experiment, they have not been in humans ... it can cause leuke-
allowed to give their informed mia, ~ he said. 
consent, a requirement in any MWe had to test at what temp-
experiment. erature toluene formed so we 

"Informed consent means that could determine how high the 
[the subjects in the experiment) temperature had to be to ensure 
believe they understand the risks that it won't form in the future," 
and are willing to proceed with according to Rohr. 
the experiment. But there is no After hearing Gorham speak, 
procedure for obtaining your in- students marched through cam-
formed consent as the study sub- pus urging other tudents to join 
jects in this experiment, "Gorham them on their trek to Ogden. The 
said. trail of people chanted "We're not 

Gorham also claimed that guinea pigs!" and .. It 's not fair to 
UCSD will become a "toxic waste trash our aid" as news and radio 
magnet" when "tons of landfill crews recorded the march. 
from leaking, distant problem- "We wanted to march through 
hazardous-waste-sites around the campus to show how close Ogden 
country" are shipped to Ogden is to campus," Flinkman said. 
for burning. "We wanted it to hit home for 

He added that the soil will con- people. The place is right across 
tain hazardous organic com-
pounds like dioxin and PCBs. 
" Both are known to cause cancer 
in humans," Gorham said. 

"Those substances, if they can 
be detected at all from our emis-
sion, will be in the parts per mil-
lion," Maya Rohr, a senior per-
mit engineer from Ogden re-
sponded . "That's well below any 
significant health impact and that 
amount definitely has no carci-
nogenic effects," Rohr added. 

Heavy metals will also be in the 
material to be incinerated, though 
they can not be destroyed by 
burning, according to Gorham. 
Therefore, containment of the 
heavy metals will be lost and they 
will be dispersed. he added. 

the street," he added. 
A dozen CH P and Ogden secur-

ity officers were on hand to block 

the students at the entrance of 
Ogden. Students sat at the en-
trance and chanted slogans while 
Flinkman made parting com-
ments. 

"We don't want experimental 
technology tested here," Flinkman 
said. "We have enough pollutants 
as is." 

Sergeant Jim Kruppas of the 
San Diego Police Department 
said he was pleased with the be-
havior of the students. 

"We're happy the protest was 
so well organized and orderly," 
Kruppas commented. He added 
that the police knew about the 
rally in advance. " We pay atten-
tion to what tudents are up to," 
he said . 

"We told the UCSD police 
police when and where the rally 
was going to be," explained Muir 
freshperson Brent Davis. 

The rally and march lasted ap-
proximately an hour with stu-
dents marching back to campus 
around I p.m. 

"Everyone was pumped upand 
energet ic to t he end," Davis sa id . 
"The marchers were very spirited." 

"It's true that heavy metals 
can't be burned," Ro.hr said . 
"That's why we're limited to 1,000 
parts per million, total, of heavy 
metals in what we incinerate, We 
have a limit." 

Rimas u'Ii';,/ (iuard,an 
ProtHt - A group of students marching to the Ogden plant. 

COALITION:EHC Protests Ogden 
Continued from page 1 

He added that only 12 of the 
65,000 synthetic organic chemi-
cals in daily use have been tested 
in the incinerator. "Those com-
pounds are not even the most 
common or the most toxic of the 
chemicals," Gorham said. 

Diane Takvorian of the Envi-
ronmental Health Coalition stated 
that even the APCD in Fullerton 
was oppo ed to burning the soil 
from the McColl "Superfund" 
waste dump in Fullerton. 

"If the air district office at the 
McColl site is opposed to burning 
at the McColl site, why should it 
be done hereT' she asked . 

Kristen Drucker, an environ-
mental activist with the Envir-
onmental Health Coalition, and 
Russell Flinkman, an organizer 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Nud nol be txptnsivt 
Sp~cilll ColI~I~ 
Stud~nl P,ol'lIm 
CALL lJS FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 Cimino 
Otl Rio Norlh 

W315 

of the UCSD rally, entered the 
APCD office and presented peti-
tions bearing 3,000 signatures to 
Rich Sumerville, an APCD 
spokesman. 

"These petitions represent con-
cerned citizens who want a public 
hearing or an environmental im-
pact report (EI R) done ," Drucker 
said while handing the petitions 
to Summerville. 

According to Maya Rohr, a 
senior permit engineer at Ogden, 
no EIR has been made because 
Ogden is a "re earch operation, 
not a commercial one, so an EI R 
isn't required." 

During the 15-day public com-
ment period that followed the 
granting of the preliminary per-
mit, the APCD received 50 to 60 
letters that voiced personal oppo-

OPEl 
- 24 
HOURS 
kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, 

sition to the burning of toxic 
waste at Ogden, according to 
Summerville. 

However, he has only received 
two to three letters that contained 
arguments criticizing the technol-
ogy of the burning process. The 
technological arguments are the 
ones that carry the most weight in 
the APCD decision process, Rohr 
said. 

Summerville added that the 
APCD needs to "gather, categor-
ize, and calculate" the material it 
has received during the comment 
period . He doesn't forsee a final 
decision on whether to approve 
the burning of toxic waste at 
Ogden being made before March 
17. 

"We don't think the public com-
ment period will have much of an 
effect," Rohr said. 

r Enjoy the Ju1dest, 
I Burgers in town I 

;2 I: I for I 
I I 
I Buy any hamburger, I 
I sandwich or gyros ond I 
I get a second one I 
.: FRIE! : 
I JEFF'S BURGERS I 
I 2152 Avenlda De La Playa I 
I Lo Jolla Shor s 454-8038 I 
L Mull pr-.I c_. ElIpfr .. 3/ 13/ lt, .J 

Thursday. March 9. 1989 3 

...........•...••.•• -
I • 

:$2 OFF ': 
I ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
I • 

:$ 1 OFF : I • 
I ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I Pk.", FREE • 
I pre«'", coupon CAMPUS I ' 
I when ordenng DELIVERY • 
I 1I 0UR~ TO YOUR • I Mon-Thu. I lam-Mil) 

Fn . ,>., Ilam- ldm DOOR • 
I ~un 11.30dm· MID • 
I • 
I • 
II • 

&173 VI II.I w Jolla Dr La Jolla Village Squ,lfe • 

,I 455-0662 • 
I ••••••••••••••••••• ~ 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE ICINKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'll 
turn your loose course materials into bound class readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIALS 
OVERNIGHT ORDERS ACCEPTED 

• FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
OPtN WEEKENDS 

Let Us Do The ChOSlng While You Do The TeaChing 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 ·OPEN 24 HOURS 

• Frn' I'rt'!(lIann Tl'Slill!( 
• E:.lrI~ I'rt'!(nall(\" Tt'~tin!( 
• I'rl'!(nanr\' li.' rlllinatioll 
• (;I'IH'ral or I.oral Aill'stllt'si~ 
• . \ff()f(I~hll' Hirth COIlIrol 
• lJia~lIl1~is Ii. Trl'~IIIll'l1t 

of Sl'\uall~ 
Tr~I1~lIIilll'd J)bl'a~l'~ (STI)~) 

Call tht' College Line 
619- S3S' 1379 

lor Studt'1I1 Discoullt 

Family Plalllling Associates 
Medical Group 

rii1 
nlli,," I hrolu~hllul ~ .. ulh<rn Califurnia 



4 Thursday, March 9, 1989 

OPINION----
--__________________________ ~~~D~~~~----------------__________ __ 

Editor s Note: The following is a "Best of Hunter" column. 
We want females, as a rule, If it's a male, we just castrate it and sell i/ 

for steak in Chicago, 
- George tranahan, Colarado beef rancher 

M y IEIGHBOR ARE calfing tonight. The cowboys are working overtime and the barns are lit up with flood lamp 
and portable heaters. A freak snowstorm in the Rockies ha 

made the cow nervous and they are all giving binh at the same time. 
When I drove down to the Tavern around midnight , I noticed a 

strange glow on the horizon - which is never a good thing to see, in the 
country but when I came around the bend where the road crosse 
over the creek, I aw that it was only Wa yne' barn, lit up like a football 
tadium and urrounded by pickUp trucks. There were sound of cows 

bellowing, and men with blood up to their elbows were running back 
and fonh in the shadows. 

These people are businessmen. They are ranchers who rai e beef 
cattle for money. Every calf born tonight will weigh a ton in two years 
and sell for 5 cents a pound at the Mercantile Exchange in Chicago. 

I honked my horn twice and kept going. The night wa cold, and wet 
snow on the powerlines had already knocked out my electricity for two 
hours. I am a good neighbor on most nights, but not in the calfing 
sea on . Writing is a hard dollar, but it is a lot better than reaching up 
inside a maddened cow and grabbing a breeched calf by the leg . 

"Sometimes we have to drag them out with a rope," aid one of the 
boys at the Tavern. "The things will get their hooves tangled up inside 
and you have to reach in and put a noose around the head . The first 
time I did it was for my 4-H project," he said . "After that, I quit farming 
and went to Scottsdale and got a job on a tenni ranch, ju t to get away 
from cows." 

Hi life had turned haz.y in those years. He went to dealers'school in 
Vega. but had the wrong temper for dealing. After that, he drifted 
nonh and found work packing snow on the ski mountains. There was 
no real future in it, he said, but it gave him free lift tickets and time to 
work on his style for the speed-racing. 

"We pack it down like ice," he said. "I was clocked at 8 I miles an 
hour today,just to get the feel of the course. At that speed, you can't 
even breathe ... 

"So what?" I said. "The record is 130." 
"One twenty-nine point five," he said quickly. "But one guy did 166 

on top of a car at the Bonneville salt flats . He went into a tuck and 
passed out at 150, but the driver said he felt no resistance and decided 
to go for the record." He nodded and smiled wistfully. "They made it , H 
he said. "It must have been a bitch. By the time they unstrapped him, 
the wind had blown two layers of skin off his face. He never put on a 
pair of skis after that." 

W E DRA K FOR a while, and then he went home to his trailer, where he lived with a woman who had once worked for Ferdinand Marcos. He would be gelling up early, he said, 
for a fi nal check on the mountain before the peed-racing started at 8. 
A man named McKinney wa going for a new record, to break the 130 
mark. 

We left honly afterward . I had my own problems that night, and 
leep was out of the question. The same storm that made a hell broth of 

the speed-race and the calving operation had gone east across the 
Continental Divide, dumping two feet of snow on Denver and closing 
the schools and the airport . 

"Hotels and motels were booked by airlines for stranded pas-
sengers," according to an AP story out of Denver. The official spokes-
man for Stapleton International said all flights were canceled on 
Thursday becau e of deep snow, high winds and zero visibility. 

"We11 probably have some people here overnight," he said, "but 
we'l take care of them." 

o violence was reported and wire-service reports ~aid, "A group of 
tourist5 from Fiji entertained stranded passengers with guitar music 
and folk dances, while other travelers flocked to airport restaurants to 
await \o\ord on their flight~ ." 

Ho ho . The check is in the mail ... the Denver airport is gelling 
famous for this kind of madness. It was once just a crossroads for rich 
skiers and cowboys, but now it is the fifth-busiest hub in the nation, 
and living nightmare for anybody who takes air travel more seriously 
than a chance to sleep on a tile floor in public all night , while listening 
to folk dancers from Fiji . 

"The Mile High chapter of the Red Cross also sent representatives to 
the airport ," the repon aid, "to hand out things people need when 
they're stuck for a while, such as diapers and toilet articles." 

I T WAS A hard night in Denver, they said. ot everybody was sa tisfied with diapers and toilet anicle . The bars closed at mid-
night and the restaurants ran out of food around undown. Only 

three planes took off all day long, and the airpon was still closed on 
Friday. 

Many thousands were ~tranded, but only a few lost their grip and got 
into serious trouble. Some were broken in spirit, and others filed 
mas ive lawsuits . 

ome things are understandable like a sudden rash of cow binhs 
m a snowstorm on the Western Slope, or a speed-freak ~trapping 
himself on top of a bored -out Shelby-Ford prototype and running 166 
mph into the wind on the Bonneville salt flat~ but getting ~tuck in the 
Denvel airport i a wrong way to spend any night. 

I wa~ brooding on this while I drove back in the snow from the 
See HUNTER, page 5 

I ~eJS I 
Beware of 
Subtle Racism 
Editor: 

I wi h to reply to Fredric 
Hamber's arguments (Guardian, 
March 2) thai I) the ethnic classi-
ficatIOn on UCSD job applica-
tions is racist, and 2) that pro-
gram such a Third College's 
ethnic studies program stress "dif-
ferences of genetic makeup." 

First of all, I must agree with 
Mr. Hamber regarding ethnic 
classification. That has always 
struck me as offensive. However, 
there is a need for UCSD to 
accumulate data regarding the 
ethnic makeup of its student body. 
The only way for the University 
to ensure that it is meeting affir-
mative action requirements is 
through that single loaded state-
ment : "Please enter matching 
ethnic code." I realize that Stu-
dent Affirmative Action is a vola-
tile topic these day , but it is the 
law, and UCSD has to prove its 
compliance with SAA. 

However, Fredric Hamber's 
statement that one must state 
one's ethnicity in order to be hired 
at UCSD is untrue. No one can 
force an applicant to state his or 
her ethnicity. Furthermore, it is 
illegal to withhold a job from an 
applicant who refuses to state his 
or her ethnic background. 

I feel more strongly about Fred-
ric Hamber's statements regard-
ing ethnic studies and ethnicity. 
The so-called "ethnic herds" that 
he discusses are unique cultural 
groups that we should all be con-
scious of. People such as Alex 
Wong are not trying to emphasize 
differences of genetic makeup; 
they are trying to show us that our 
society is made up of many differ-
ent ethnic groups whose unique 
histories deserve our respect. Car-
los Blanco is correct when he 
states that "it should be ingrained 
in the minds of all the students 
and faculty that the differences 
and similarities of all cultures 
need to be understood." 

Many people of many ethnic 
backgrounds are proud of their 
heritage and feel that their culture 
is worth preserving. What Fred-
ric Hamber seems to be missing 
when he states that "this con-
tinued emphasis on 'ethnic aware-
ness' - this st ressing of similari-
ties and differences not between 
individuals but between ethnic 
groups should be morally 
repugnant," is the fact that every 

/ I 

A TOASP ... MA,{ OLD ACQUAINTANCE BE FOQGOP .. 

ethnic group is the product of a 
unique experience. 

"Black American fiction" is 
given this title because black 
authors write from the perspec-
tive of a people who have a rich 
and unique cultural background. 
"Chicano artists" are "singled out" 
because their art has evolved from 
a unique culture, and therefore 
deserves its own category. I do 
not believe that recognition of 
each ethnic group's art is in any 
way racist; nor do I believe that 
this recognition perpetuates racial 
conflict in America. We study 
Greek sculpture and Mayan 
architecture because their art is a 
unique experience through which 
we may hope to learn about the 
artists. Can the same not be said 
of the creations of Chicano and 
black culture in America? 

Fredric Hamber also states that 
racial violence takes place because 
persecutors believe that a person 
from a different ethnic group 
stands for his or her race and 
"represents the group in micro-
cosm." This may often be true. 
However, I fail to see how we can 
stop that by ceasing to promote 
ethnic awareness. Racial violence 
is spawned by ignorance and a 
failure to think ofa black, Jew, or 
Chicano a an equal human being. 
1 believe that the only way such 
violence may be prevented is by 
making perpetrators of such vio-
lence conscious of the fact that 
their victims are people with rich 
cultures and complex pasts. 

Fredric Hamber seems to 
imply that by stifling ethnic 
awareness, one might remove 
people's consciousness of race, 
and thereby prevent discrimina-
tion on the basis of race. He also 
likens Alex Wong to Hans 
Gunther, one of the original Nazi 
"philosophers." However, I would 
like to point out to him that it was 
the Nazis who burned Jewish 
synagogues in the 1930s in an 
attempt to destroy the Jewish cul-
ture. They hoped to remove the 
Germans' consciousness of race; 
they sought to end ethnic aware-
ness, at least where the Jews were 
concerned. Alex Wong's inten-
tions are directly opposed to this; 
as such, they are not subject to 
such reckless comparisons with 
Nazis as Fredric Hamber makes 
in his letter. 

As an American Jew, I am very 
conscious of my ethnicity. I have 
been discriminated against and 
have seen other ethnic groups 
persecuted . These diplays of 
ignorance do not make me wish 
that American society was un-
conscious of my heritage. I and 
many other people feel that our 
ethnic backgrounds are the pro-
duct of unique histories, and as 
such must be preserved . I have 
every intention of teaching those 
around me about the uniqueness 
of my culture, and I am always 
ready to learn about others. If 
.Chicano, black, Asian , or any 

See RACISM, page 5 

r---------------~~Dq~~--------------~ 
JOHI' SIIAW. Fdllor In Utle! 
LARA MUIATA, \1a"ugUlK LUllor 
~ETlI !.lA TUl, N'k" ttlllOf 
DA VID BVRKHART, Upmwn I_illlur 

A 'OREA ADLEMAN. Comnh"flflK "t>otUff!j Edlfur 
ANNA MARIE BEZlERlD£S. 7ralnmg /)''''lOf 
CYNTHIA CA111 PBEll" AS>OIIalf Am /:.,IIIOf 
ERI C C ItAlANKIN. AS.WOOlf' N"I\j LJuur 
KATHlE[/I, DONAHUE, PlwlO /:.dIlOf 
RICK FORO, r"fupltllS tAII"f 
PlIIt. GRUEN, Sport, UI"Of 
PATTY J£TTlE, Am.rlullI Am EdllUf 
I [[~A UGHT, PruduI/IIJII Manager 
JlIU£ Ml NRO. / ,aIUf'.' I:i/"", 
DO 'OVAN P. ROC"E~ AJ,HMurrt Art.\ I:.'(hlo, 
AU !,)ADIGUIAN, A .UUCIUIl' Photu l:.thwf 
APRIl. !.MITlI, Cup. EcllIUf 

I.ARR~ W[I:O; fRAl B, Ma'lI /,d,, /I, 
I)AVID WYNER. A.um lOll' A'"" \ EdllOf 
SA RH. A rOl MAN~. AfI\ Jotillor 

~tJl Dl. DlAMO 0 , BUJ"'''' Manaxer 
1I11( IJ AlL ~UtlI.KS. AtI""fIIJIIOII I(anaxer 
MIKl MAK II"U., Ad"PfIIJIIOIl /)""1/11<-' 
1:.. LlI~ IIIIt: N HV, CJI'Ill'fU/ 'h"uom 
Jt.t .. SYMON. Ad"I'r1UUlR Rpprf\I'UltJlln' 
Jt) PI (£K, Adl'NtUlnx Rrpri'SnuorHt' 

~tniu,. ~f.(f Wrlfen: Da\old lJ. oo,,", NI~' \c~land) . 
I aura PrOC1or. r'ahcllc -r, han\l 

SI'" Writers : Vince nt Andrade. Mdrci AronO\1l7 , Arthur A,:,h . Laura 
flaker. Dana Cha.ken. C)mhla ('he,) .. 11" Colley. Pam Cooley, DenISe 
Dador, Randy DOIlllga , Jim Gar}. Chn ... llna It ullar. SU!ian n ylen. Brian 
!tow, Kenneth Jen~en . Patty Jellic. Miles Knn. Jordan Karubian. John 
il.ca rne). II1Jrk Kenney. I,.n Knm . Jelfl.ambelh. A C Lee. Adam I tV) . 
I eC!i3 light. Philip MacGmcrn . Joncurlo Mark , Mikc MartlnCl . Nancy 
Munlner. Sa,:,cha OglR/. M. O'Keefe. DaVid POllcha . adn Relll1lck . 
Rick Rhode . Porschc Shan". Julie Sonmag, Wendy Steinle. Jea" 
<;u/ukl, Denm. Woo. Deb E. Young, Rebekah Young. ChrIS Z.hana. 
Photolnpht'rs: M oily Alexander, Rryan BIlyeu . Peter Messro bl3n. 8r1an 
Morn . W)att Ro~ent:11. Ken Reln.,tein , Rlma!i U1gin., 
IIIWtlr.,on : Rem AvanCio. Janie Mandrason. Jeff Quan. Jon R. U}e-
~a ka. LOI!i Yu. Alina Lorreno 
TypestUtrs: Cynth,. Campbell . C') mh •• Che,y. Roark I)only. E,a Guo. 
Jerr Klle. Robin Mad ean 
Copy Rud.r>: JI" Colley. Rand) Doling •. En< Springer. r'redric 
lIamber 
PrOduction: Marci ArOnO\lll. l\lcole Benncu. Jill Colle} . Stacy I ong-
't(cel. ,'\..I.m::) MUllIner . Arnie Nguyen. I aura I"roetor. Apnl Smlth, Julle 
SOnnldg, Jeff Yamaguchi 

I hI' l .'CSf) G/wfchan 1\ rubll,hed M ond.!), und 'I hursda,,~ dun"g lhe 
acadclnlc )car"~ and rorthe ,lUdd,\!'l of UCSD Reproduction or lI~C of 
(hn, ne"!!opaper\4l1hout penlll!'lltlOn 1!'l.)lrn:ll) prohlhlled 1989 ... II right' 
rc\cned rhe lJuor,/ulIJ I nOI rC'!tpoll'!tlblc ror umohcllcd manultCriph or 

Jitrl 
VI(~ \4' c\"re~\ed In ""riling .md III gniphlc", do nOl nece\'~anl~ ,eprc,:,cnt 
Ih~ opinion, of Thf' CJuurcJulII. Ihf: UOI\C"" } of CahfMI11R nor the 
A"oc"1<d Sl udenl' of U('SJ) 

nit lIeSD Gu.rdlan, 8·016, I.. JoIl • • eA 9Z0<I3. 
!-:dllorl.l: (619) S.w.6510 .... In ... : (619) SJ4-J.466 

The L' f) Guardian 

Racism 
Continued rrom p,age 4 
other culture was lost in the name 
of ethnic levelling. America would 
lose a precious part of its heritage. 
Therefore, I say "Bravo!" to the 
efforts of people such as Alex 
Wong, and colleges such as Third 
College, who hope to teach us the 
rich diversity of our society. 

Ian Lurie 

Hunter 
Continued from paKe 4 
tavern. It was good to be home 
- but when I got there, the phone 
was ringing. It was George, my 
neighbor from the Flying Dog 
Ranch, about five miles up the 
hill. He was having trouble deliv-
ering his calves, he said, and he 
needed an extra hand. 

My heart filled with hate, but it 
was clear that I had no choice. 

"Should I bring rope?" I asked. 
"No," he replied. "We11 use a 

chain - just slide it over the 
fetlocks and pull." 

It eemed weird, but George 
knows cattle, and I am, after all, a 
farmer. I picked up my floodlight 
and got in the jeep and drove 
slowly up the road. 

Read it, 
Recycle it 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Christi,",,,nd Anthony 

WOMEN 517 
(reg. $25) 

MEN 514 
(reg. $/9) 

OPINION 

Commentary 

Ethnic Diversity 
By ALEX WONG 
Fredric Hamber wrote a commentary 

entitled "Disguised Racism" (Guardian, 
March 2) which I found to be most alarm-
ing. In his article he referred to the United 
States as resembling Nazi Germany, des-
cribed me as a latter-day Nazi, criticized the 
concept of racial categories and condemned 
the ethnic studies program. Although I 
clearly respect Mr. Hamber's right of self 
expression, much of his article was unneces-
sarily offensive. I would like to offer another 
perspective on the topics Mr. Hamber 
discussed. 

When running for the position of student 
regent, one of my goals was to redefine 
racial categories. Mr. Hamber asks "Why 
must we continue to stress differences .. . 
What legitimate purposes could more cate-
gories possibly serve - and what's next? 
Separate drinking fountains?" I will try to 
answer these questions. 

First, the most immediate "legitimate 
purpose" that comes to mind is demogra-
phic representation (having the make-up of 
the University population reflect the makeup 
of the state's population). The University 
of California, the UC Board of Regents, the 
UC Master Plan, the California Postsecon-
dary Education Committee, and the Cali-
fornia State Legislature have all made a 
commitment to increase the ethnic diversity 
of the UC system. There is a commitment to 
educational equity - allowing equalaccess 
to higher education for all peoples, regard-
less of race, religion or culture. Unfortu-
nately, Fredric, that equal access is not 
there. 

Statistics show that students of various 
ethnic groups, specifically American Indian, 
black, Chicano, a'nd Latino, are underre-

pre ented . In 1986 only five percent of the 
Hispanic high school graduates and 4.5 per-
cent of the black high school graduates were 
eligible for admission to the UC system, as 
opposed to 15.8 percent of the white high 
school graduates (The UC System is sup-
posed to accept the top 12.8 percent of all 
high school graduates. In theory, a com-
pletely fair and equal educational system 
would mean that the top 12.8 percent of 
each ethnic group's graduates would per-
form well enough to be in the top 12.8 per-
cent of all high school graduates and there-
fore be eligible for UC admission). The 
statistics cited in this paragraph were taken 
from the 1988 University of California 
Admissions and Outreach Services Infor-
mation Digest. 

This lack of demographic representation 
is not a coincidence. In an ideal world I 
would agree with Ham ber's belief that racial 
categories would be unnecessary. Unfortu-
nately, this is not an ideal world . As the 
statistics I have cited above illustrate, people 
of specific racial and ethnic groups are 
severely underrepresented in the UC sys-
tem. The goal of these racial categories is to 
include more people who are traditionally 
excluded and to diversify the student body. 

Why then, Hamber asks, should we 
increase the number of categories? The 
answer is simple. The current categories 
(American Indian, Asian, black, Chicano, 
Latino, Filipino and white) fail to recognize 
significant cultural differences within these 
broad classifications. Forexample, the term 
Asian includes Chinese, Japanese, Vietna-
mese, Koreans, Laotians, Pacific South 
Islanders and more. These "subgroups" have 
significantly differl'nt cultures. According 
to the University, Asian students are fairly 
represented and therefore the outreach and 
support of Affirmative Action is not 
extended to students within this category. 

The problem is that with the exception of 
Chinese and Japanese, each of the other 

Take 
out. 

For appointment. please caI/457-293/1. 8'5/1 Yin. LllloIIII Dr., 
Str. 2126, La Jol/o (behind £1 Torilo directly orross ramp.) 

If you love veggies, 
come to Uno's e and 
veg out Eat them by 
rhe bowl in our delicate 
Creme of Broccoli soup 
or by rhe slice in our 
unique Spinoccoli 
Pizza Uno's, The 
place for Chicago's 
original deep dish 
pizza, 

Thursday, March 9. 1989 

subgroups within this broad "Asian" class i-
fication are underrepresented. If the goal is 
to increase diversification and to achieve 
demographic representation, the current 
system is inadequate . As well as increasing 
and extending outreach, recruitment and 
retention efforts, we must first identify who 
is underrepresented. A more detailed system 
of cultural / ethnic classification will better 
enable the University to achieve its goal of 
demographic representation. 

Again, the goal of these categories is to 
increase representation of underrepresented 
students in the UC system. There is no intent 
to categorize people into separate groups 
and keep them apart, contrary to that, the 
use of categories is to determine which iden-
tifiable groups of people are being excluded 
from California higher education and to 
then make efforts to solve this problem. 

As to whether or not my beliefs symbolize 
and reflect Nazism, by this time I hope the 
reader has little doubt. In my life, and in my 
effons to work for student rights, I have 
been called many four-lettered words - but 
this is the first time the word Nazi has ever 
been used . 

Mr. Hamber also condemns ethnic stu-
dies . He considers it to be "morally repug-
nant" and suggests that apartheid South 
Africa is the model society for people sup-
porting ethnic studies. The goal behind eth-
nic studies, as I understand it, is to introduce 
a broader scope of ideas and perspectives 
into the University core curriculum. Our 
state as well as our country is becoming an 
increasingly multicultural society. To help 
promote cross-cultural understanding and 
cooperation and to reduce racial stereo-
types, students of all backgrounds should be 
exposed to other cultures. The United Peo-
ple of Color organization at UC Berkeley 
states "Taking an ethnic studies course can 
help to overcome the stereotypes and 
misconceptions that are promoted in the 

See ETHNIC, pace 6 

Hewlett-Packard™ 
Zeta™ 

Bruning Graphics ™ 
Houston Instruments ™ 

Cal CompTM 

GRAPHIC CONTROLS offers pen plolter supplies to fil 
a wide range of plotters. 

'I
UCSD 

BUY ONE, 4/3 IUCSO DOUBLE 
GET ONE I DEAL 

4/3 4/3 

LATE NIGHT 
DEAL 

GRAPHIC CONTROLS IS unique. As a manufacturer of 
both pens and media, our ability to develop these 
products in conjunction with each other allows us to offel 
you a package or "system" of compatible products. 

You have the best plotter for your application ... now get 
Ihe best supplies for your plotler 

Call 1 -800-777 -1067 for a free GRAPHIC CONTROLS 
pen plotter supplies calalog. 

101 Graphic Controls 

I FREE I Purchase any two 
I regular size pizzas for ~~h~i~~ih~z;:,g~~';i' I Only $9.95 I of eqlF,al REor lessEer value I Take-out only 
I Not good in combination With any other ofTer 

Receive an order of 
Nachos or Buffalo Wings 

with any purchase 

FREE 
One coupon per pany 

Valid at Bar & Dining Room 
alid 10 PM - close only Eat-in on ly I Call head For Take-out I :-Jot good in combination Not good in combination With any ther orfer I \\11th any other offer I ,....... I 

__ ..... e I -_..... I 
~~tlfltd. ( ...... ~!.:!:!!.~5~9"'d. ( ... ~tond<lr~~tIfItd.( ...... =.2:!-~~ 

5 



6 Thursday, March 9, 19 9 OPINION The UCS D Guardian 

Q and A: Do you think the A.S. sho~Ild allocate funds to provide free beer 
at TGs? 

The school shouldn '/ pro-
vide beer. I feel they use the 
beer to promote the activit)', 
when the money could be used 
for a program that could bene-
fit all students. 

Laura Metz 
Sophomore, Fifth 

Political Science 

No. The money could be 
beller spent on activities that 
would benefit the entire stu-
dent population, rather than 
just people "over 2 J .. who just 
want to drink beer. 

Bennett Savitz 
Senior, Third 

Political Science 

No. Absolutely not! We 
should have either a wet cam-
pus or a dry campus here at 
UCSD. There should be noth-
ing in between. If the Univer-
sity is going to enforce a dry 
campus rule then il should 
stick to it with no questions 
asked. 

Dave Carr 
Freshperson, Fifth 

Communication 

Sure they should have free 
beer. It's one of the few social 
gatherings the whole school 
can go to and have fun. 

Preston Kelsey 
Junior, Muir 

Economic$ 

Yes.lt'sagoodway tobring 
people from the five colleges 
together, especially those who 
live off campus. However, I 
don't think the.v should spend 
as much as they do. 

Jane Hsu 
Junior, Revelle 

Psychology 

Photos and Interviews by Brian Morris 

, 

arc 
• 

1 ewa 

at the UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
30% -70% Off Selected 

Sportswear 
March 2~24 
9 a.m.-4 p.m. 

From March 20 through 24 the 
University Bookstore is holding its 
annual March Sidewalk Sale! 

Choose from an incredible variety 
of t-shir1s, sweats, swimwear, exercise 
wear. beach shoes and morel 

Hurry for the best selection I 

University Bookstore 
[U][ I [C 1)1 [J ) 
Gifts and clothing: 534-4248 

Ethnic 
Continued from page 5 
media and in society. It can give 
all students a more accurate in-
sight into the true history and 
fabric of our country, and moti-
vate us to strive for a better and 
more just society." 

From an academic point of 
view, Dov Ronen, an associate at 
the Center for International Af-
fairs at Harvard University, states 
that true critical learning requires 
cross-cultural comparison : 
"Meaningful learning is critical 
learning only if the student is 
given opportunities to use his or 
her intellectual capacity to com-
pare presented material from 
Western culture and its interpre-
tation with material beyond the 
student's personal experience and 
cultural background." It would 
seem to me that the best way of 
promoting understanding and 
respect fo r and between different 
cultures would be through et hnic 
stud ies programs. (M uch of the 
information ciled in this para-
graph came from SAA C Final 
Report on Ethnic Studies: Spring 
Quaner 1988, researched and 
written by Shoon Lio). 

In conclusior., J strongly urge 
Mr. Fredric Hamber as well as 
the Guardian reader to take 
another look at ethnic di versity 
and ethnic studies. Please remem-
ber our commitment to demo-
graphic representation and equal-
ity. In a state that is projected to 
no longer have any maiority racial 
group by the year 2010, .:an we 
afford not to? 

Alex Wong is senior senator 
from Third Col/ege. 

$1.00 OFF 
Instant ~ 

Passport : 
Photos : 

No appointment necessary. r 
One coupon per customer. I 

kinkolJ· : 
I 

open 24 hours : 
457-3775 : L ____________ ~ 

HOORAH!!! 
SPRING BREAK IS 

FAST APPROACHING! 
FLYING TO MEXICO? 

f FLYING TO HAWAII?f 
FLYING HOME! 

NEED A RIDE TO THE 
AIRPORT OR BACK! 

UCSD Associated Students and Transporta-
tion Alternatives is sponsoring: 

AIRPORT SHUlTLE 
SERVICE! 

The Airport Shuttle Service will be 
running on MARCH 21st. 22nd. 
23rd and APRIL 2nd! 
YOU MUST HAVE A RESERVATION. PLEASE CALL 
THE AIRPORT SHUITLE SERVICE AT 534-4235! YOU 
CAN MAKE RESERVATIONS BEGINNING MARCH 1st, 
WEDNESDAY! 

Thursday, March 9. 1989 7 

S t.U (j yin 9 

[J[3[1(J! [J(Q(i]m 

At the ICRHA "Al1 Campus Study 
Break" 

March 12 9:00p.m.- midnight 
at the I nternat i ona 1 Center 

***FREE PIZZA, DONUTS & SODA 

PfOYOTA '. HCT MHsa ........ 
Minor Tune-Up SpeCial $35 (reg. $55) 

Our tune-up includes a lot more than others. It Includes: 
5. Adjust dwet1 angle 9. Check Iigh lS 
6. Check & replenish all nuid & oH levels 10. Check undercarriage for damages 
7. Check brakes 11 . Check cooling system & hom 
8. Check Clutch t2. Road test 

t . Sp.tr1( plugs 
2. Distributor polnlS 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust timing 

35-point Major Service SpeCial $69 
Extra for fueHnjlcted. Our major tune up includes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compression test 
2. ViNe adjustment 

Replace: 
3. VaNe cover gasket. 
4. ~/1(plugs. 
5. Oist~bulor points, 
&. COIIdinsefl, 
7. Air "'lIr, 
8. Oil nlttr, 
9. Gis nlttr, irId 

10. Engine oil 
11. AdjuSltlmlng 
12. Adjust dWlII angle 

13. AdjUst carburetor 
14. Ad ust alr & fuel ratio mlxtum 
15. AdJust steering box 
t6. Adl'ust clutch 
t7. Ad ust brakes 
t8. AdJust emergency brakes 
19. ChICk & adjust expolilld bells 
20. Lube front end 
21 . Chick & replenish all nuld 

& oillMls 
22. ChICk electrbl systlm 
23. Chick for loose or lost boits 

24. Check brakes 
25. Check clutch 
26. Check lights 
27. Check undercarnage for damages 
28. Check and reCharge banery. " 

neceSSoOlry 
29. RQtate tims (If nllded) 
30. Check tire Plessure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holdm 
33. Check COOling sysltm & hoses 
34. Check exhaust system 
35. Road test 

Note: For 6-cyllnder cars add 520 
Toyota Supras, add $30. Datsun 200sX WIth 8 spar1( plugs. add $35. 

Complete Clutch Job $169(brandnewparts) 
1. Trlflsrnjsslon Input shift SNI 

(IXQIpt HOndas) 
2. Pressure pY\I 
3. Clutch disc 

'Nt rtplace: 
4. ThrowOlIt bu~ng 
5. Pltot bearinQS 
6. New transmission 011 
7. Road Itst 

Note: Hydraulic parts art not 
covered. Not for 4WO 

Brake Job SpeCial $44 (reg. $80) 
Front or INr. BraJcelob includes: 

1. Inslllt sPldll new pads or InstalJ rear brake shoes 
2. Drain Old bfllll "uld 
3. Inspect CGITlI!IIIl hydraulIC sysllm 
4. RefiN IIydrault fluid 
NOlI: Hydraulic PIf1S Ire nOllncludld 

5. Bletd entire bralce sysllm 
6. Adjust front (n drums) and rear Shoes 
7. Replace front rotor seils (n rotor tum) 
S. Road lut 

Innd new parts. Ask about our splcl •• rata far l1li'. overhauls. AI. our wart ... 2·,..r or 21, __ .. 111 limited Wlrrlllty. 
All prices Include parts and labor. 

8 years in business Oller good through MIY 1 
ovel'SUs ToYfing a~i~~~~~f ::r available. 

au_lOll""" Hours Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm IIFW _ssp" Open Saturday Bam-4pm 
d •••• d d • 8008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

Call for appointment now 
, 



8 Thursday, ""arch 9, 19 9 

---F EAT U RE S---
______________________________ ~VcrDq~~------------------------------

SDSU's Progressive Radio 
Struggles to Stay Afloat 

By RA DY DOTINGA 
laff Wrller 

The twe nt ieth anniversa ry of 
the begi nning of an Diego State 
Univer ity's radio station. KC R. 
coi ncides with a last-ditch effo rt 
by the sta tion to stay alive. Despite 
having its telephone and lia bility 
insu rance cut off and not being 
upported by the SDS U adm in-

i trat ion, KC R i trying to change 
it ways and show the college that 
it can be a responsible campus 
entity. 

Like K DT (UCSD's radio sta-
tion), KCR concentrates on play-
ing "alternative" music. which it 
feels IS ignored by commercial 
rad io stations in the Sa n Diego 
area . This music includes punk, 
British indu trial rock, fo lk, blues 
and jazz. 

In addition to alternauve music, 
KC R and KSDT also provide 
students with experience in radio 
broadcasting and production. 

either station broadca ts over 
the local radio airwaves. Federal 
Communication Commission li-
censes in thi s area are difficult to 
obtain due to the saturated radio 
dial , which includes many sta-
tions broadcast from Mexico. The 
campus stat ions broadcast 
through local cable systems. 

KCR ha had financial prob-
lems for many years, according to 
AS I SDS U Vice President of 
F inance Kevin Faulconer . 
SDSU's Associated Students gave 
KCR money at the beginning of 
each school year with the condi-
tion that it would be paid back at 
the end of the year, Faulconer 
explained. 

"The problem was that that 
wasn't happening. We were always 
[giving] them money and not 
really gelling any back," he said . 

In 1987 an A.S . ad hoc com-
mittee wa formed to study KCR's 
fi na ncial problems. "The recom-
mendation was . . . to sever their 
re la t ionship with the A . S .," 
AS / SDSU A sociate Director 
Dan Cornthwaite said . 

T he agreement which was final -
ly a pproved tated that the A.S. 
would no longer fund the station, 
but it waived KCR 's $17 ,OOOdebt. 

The AS f SDSU completely 
severed its relations with KCR 
la t June. As a result , the station 
was no longer covered by the 
A.S. 's umbrella liability insurance 
Dolicy, which included coverage 
for sla nder, Cornthwait said . 

Last summer, SDSU changed 
ib telephone system. Citing KCR 's 
fina ncial problems and uncertain 

si tuation. 0 U Business Affairs 
Director J oe Va que? did not 
connect KCR to the new tele-
phone system. This left the station 
without telephone se rvice. Vas-
quez declined to be interviewed 
by the Guardian. 

Under the leadership of John 
Catald o, opera tions ma nager and 
program director. and new sta-
tion Ma nager Steve n Janisc h, 
KCR i attempt ing to both sur-
vive as a iable radio station and 
convince those in power at SDSU 
that they have become account-
able. 

KCR's leaders face many ob-
stacles. For one, they have no tele-
phone service. " It's very difficult 
to get along without phones . . . 
but we get around it creatively," 
by methods such as conducting 
stati on business from staff mem-
bers' home telephones , Cataldo 
explained . 

The lack of telephone service 
ha also cut the station off from 
many of its listeners. On-campus 
residents were previously able to 
listen to the station on an AM 
frequency through the residence 
halls' telephone lines. However, 
this link has been severed . 

"To be a true on-campus radio 
station you have to broadcast on-
campus . The University has de-
prived us of that role," Cataldo 
said . 

KCR also has a problem with 
finances. Since the A.S. stopped 
funding it , the station has been 
running on a shoestring budget of 
approximately $2,500 a year 
which the station raises itself 
~through dues, collections, benefit 
concerts, fund raisers, and what 
little advertising revenues we get," 
Cataldo said . In contrast, KSDT's 
1988-89 budget from the 
ASUCSD is $19,673, according 
to A.S. Administrat.ive Assi tant 
Stephen Bennett. 

KCR's budget goes toward 
basic engineering and mainten-
ance costs, Cataldo said . "We buy 
what we can , when we can ," he 
added . 

Cataldo feels that the station 's 
ability to survive on such a small 
budget shows that it ha become 
responsible. 

" You couldn't even live on 
$2,500 a year, and we're runninga 
serious radio station on it. That 
shows that we're financially re-
sponsible . . . and we 're still kick-
ing ass in San Diego," he ~aid . 

The station is also trying to 
" tighten up " it ~ operati ons, 

ataldo said , adding that "I ha\e 
to be a tyrant it need ~ to be 
d o ne." 

Change at the station include 
more programming guidelines and 
a better variety of music, Cataldo 
said . Deejays are going to do their 
shows "in a more professional 
manner, more akin to what a real 
commercial radio station would 
be like. or they're not going to do 
it at KCR." he added. 

Although he declined to call 
the actions of the SDSU adminis-
tration "haras ment ," Cataldo 
doe see " a larger ~ffort to down-
play our role on campus. ',' He sees 
the University'S concern about 
the station's lack of liability insu-

See KCR, page 9 

KSDT Manager 
Plans Changes 

By RANDY DOTINGA 
Slaff WrilI'T 

The tightening up of operatio ns 
at SDSU 's radio station (KC R) 
correspond to a similar process 
in the planning stages at UCSD's 
KSDT. 

According to KSDT General 
Manager Bob Barkovich, the 
planned reform of operations 
"really isn't coming out as a direct 
result of the KCR [predicament]. 
It happens to coi ncide with the 
KCR situation. 

"I've been trying to [reform 
operations] for a long time ... Bas-
ically, it's really hard to change 
things around here ," Barkovich 
explained . 

Although he emphasized that 
the proposed changes have not 
been finalized yet , Barkovich said, 
"We are thinking about CUlling 
down [the number of] our shows, 
making three-hour shows instead 
of two-hour shows. We're going 
to have less shows. We're goi ng to 
control who goes over the air 
more and make sure that only the 
better deejays get on the air . . . 
What we'd like the most is to be 
able to have [our] hows play all 

sort~ of music . 
"We're pretty sloppy right now. 

I'll admit that much. Our air qual-
ity could be a lot better than it is," 
Barkovich continued . 

KSDT may cease broadcasting 
during the "graveyard" shift (3 
a .m. to 6 a .m.) and would like to 
have more public affairs program-
ming, Barkovich said . The pro-
posed change~ "will probably take 
effect in fall quarter," he added . 

W ith regard to the image of the 
See KSDT, page 9 

Guardian file photo 
Gliders ride the ocean winds which sweep over the cliffs. 

Hang Gliders Take Off 
By GINNY SUNDAY 
Guardian Inlern 

A 300-foot drop can daunt 
the bravest of persons, espe-
cially when the only thing hold-
ing that person from certain 
doom is a piece of nylon 
stretched over a metallic frame . 

Hang glider can often be 
seen soaring above the bluffs 
west of UCSD. They even soar 
directly above campus if strong 
winds prevail. 

The geography west of cam-
pu is uruque to Southern Cali-
fornia . A trong ocean wind 
generate a lift as it ru he over 
the cliffs. Hang gliders use that 
lift to gain height and distance. 

The best conditions for 
hang gliding occur when there 
is a good wind blowing. Hang 

'too IClte. 'f\Ov,J 
¥-O), I r o".f 1 ... "-

gliders often fly after a storm 
because the cold fronts nor-
mally bring strong westerly 
winds. 

Students can experience the 
thrill of soaring like the birds 
through lessons taught at local 
hang gliding facilities. Ken 
Baier, flight director and man-
ager at Torrey Flight Park, 
recommendcd flying tandem 
as a good introduction to hang 
gliding. Tandem flights give 
tudents a chance to experience 

flying in a glider while having 
the reassurance of an advanced 
pilot at their side. 

While on a tandem flight, 
students have the option of 
just going alon&. for the ride as 
"baggage," Baier said, or they 
can ask to actually pilot the 
glider during a portion of the 

See GLIDING, page 9 

..I" not. \ .. " Ie: 
Ii ke 1: ho .. ~ht i"t 1'110\.1 IA 

'" A "e 't'o "",,; r 
' t ', \ ~r • ..., .... ,,' Ie t1'.r-~ 

The UC D Guardian 

K CR Survives 
Continued from page 8 
ranceas "a valid point ,"but views 
the discontinuation of telephone 
service as particularly offensive. 

" 0 one [in the SDSU admin-
istration] wants to sign the paper 
that would change the locks and 
turn the transmitter off ... What 
they're trying to do is nickel and 
dime us off the campus. and let u 
peter out on our own. They don't 
expect u to put up any kind of 
resistance, and that's the situation 
we're in right now," he said. 

It is uncertain what the future 
hold for KCR. A report for the 
University is now being researched 
to look into KCR's future status 
at SDSU, Cataldo said . 

According to Faulconer, "Eve-
ryone's really leery now [of being 
KCR's overseer] because of all 
their problems." Even so, Faul-
coner is hopeful that KCR has a 
future at SDSU. 

"They're turning things around, 
they've got a new attitude over 
there . . . [it's] the right direction to 
have KCR remain on campus," 
he said. 

If KCR does not receive sup-
port, Cataldo does not plan to . 
quit easily. He has hired an attor-
ney to examine the rights of KCR 
as a tudent organization at 
SD U. He also looks forward to 
seeing the report investigating 
KCR's future status, which will 
be made public April I . 

Cataldo accepts the possibility, 
however, that KCR's situation 
may not change. " If nothing else, 
if we don't get any money, then 
we will ju~t go out on our own 
terms. I will go out running the 
tightest KCR that has ever been 
run in 20 years, and the most 
responsible ... 

KSDT Plans 
Continued from page 8 
station and its staff among other 
students, Barkovich said, "KSDT 
is not really a scary place . . . Peo-
ple come in a nd they see people 
with different colored hair and 
they see 'weird' people, and they 
get all scared . . . [But] you really 
can't judge a person by the way 
they look." 

In addition to his own interest 
in a better radio station, the pos-
sibility of UCSD obtaining a I 
Federal Communications Com-
missio n license in the near future 
has also influenced Barkovich in 
his push for reform. 

If UCSD gets an FCC license 
and gives airtime to KSDT, 
"obviously KSDT programming 
wouldn't be the same as it is 
now . . .If somebody screwed up 
that would be it - there would be 
no room for errors," he said. 

KSDT and .the A.S . an: cur-
renlly working on an A.S. charter 
which will determine what 
KSDT's role on campus should 
be. The charter is being written 
because "we don't know exactly 
where we stand" as a student 
entity at UCSD, Barkovich said. 

Barkovich stated that he ad-
mired the SDSU radio station. 
" KCR [has done] a good job con-
sidering how much they have to 
work with, and the amount of 
money they're working with . I'm 
impressed with what they've done. 
I really didn't think that they'd 
make it this long." 

Barkovich did not think that 
KCR's situation holds many Ie -
sons for KSDT. " Basica lly I 
haven't learned all that much 
[from KCR]. What's happened to 
KCR has happened to a lot of 
stations in the past . .. The main 
thing about KCR is that it is at 
SDSU, and the attitude of the 
school is not really conducive to a 
KCR -type radio station." 

Hang Gliding 
Continued from page 8 
flight. On a good day, hang glid-
ers can fly at altitudes of up to 
1,500 feet above sea level. 

Another type of les on offered 
is the "Mexican Margarita and 
Lobster" package. This is a full 
day experience where a group of 
tudents are taken to Cantamar, 

Mexico (15 minutes south of 
Rosarito) to hang glide over the 
sand dunes. The group will then 
hit one of the local restaurants to 
feast on lobster and margarita. 

For safety, helmets are required. 
The advanced pilots wear para-
chutes. The gliders themselves are 
certified to carry at least 400 
pounds and can pull up to six G's 
(six times the force of gravity). 

Accidents rarely occur due to 

FEATURES 

Guardian file photo 

equipment failure . According to 
Baier, .. Most accidents are due to 
pilot error . . . either the pilot is 
impatient or is not paying atten-
tion to the surrounding condi-
tions. " 

The most common e rror pilots 
make is letting the glider stall too 
clo e to the ground . In a stall 
situation . the pilot can dive to 
regain speed , but , if the ground is 
too clo e, there may be an impact. 

"More people get hurt climbing 
these cliffs trying to get to Blacks 
Beach than get hurt by hang glid-
ing. There has only been one 
injury of consequence [here] in 
the last five to six years," Baier 
said. 

Formore information, one can 
visit the park or call 452-3202. 
There is another local facility 
called the Hang Gliding Center 
which also offers lessons. They 
can be contacted at 450-9008. 

STARTS FRIDAY MARCH 17TH 
MANN UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE CENTRE 
La Jolla Village Drive 
452·7766 
MANN 
SPORTS ARENA 
3350 Sports Arena Blvd 
223-5333 

MANN 
PLAZA BONITA 
1·805 at Sweetwater 
479·MANN 
COLLEGE 
FOUR·PLEX 
EI Cajon Blvd. at 63rd 
286·1455 

CASINO THEATRE 
643 5th Ave . • 236·8585 
SOC ai's 
TOWN & COUNTRY 
Oceanside' 433·9144 
HARBOR DRIVE·IN 
32nd & D. Nationat City 
477·1392 

AND OTHER SELECTED THEATRES NEAR YOU. 

Thursday. March 9. 1989 

Experience with us the fun and excitement of 
learning to Hang Glide. All equipment is included 
and we are just minutes from the UCSD campus. 
Class size is limited and reseNations are required. 

CALL NOW TO RESERVE 

HlwG GLIDING GROUP ~ STUDENT A ( CENTE~ DISCOUNTS 
~ AVAIlABLE 

450-9008 
.. 

WE'VE GOT 
mE BEST 

COMIC 
BOOKS 

IN 
TOWN! 

e. 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Robotech and Japanese Animation 

• The Comic Gallery 
4224 8alboa Ave. 

Son Diego. CA 92117 
comer of Balboa 8< Cloiremonl Dr. 

- Next to Food 8asket -
(619) 483-4853 

"II ",los IIld clw>c'on TM IIld 1987 DC Comoc:s Inc. 

675-B N. Broadway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country Comer Shopping Center 
at Broadway & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR_ 

nltf's Master Mechanics 
exclusively \/IN and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

9 

~""""".''''''.''.''''.dIC'''''''' ...... .. ........ ~ 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
I About Us; If They Haven't Discovered I Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
L.!:!:.~AR RD. NEXT DOOR :"0 Dl~OUNT TIRE 



r 

to Thursday, March 9. 1989 

LET'S COMMUNICATE. 

You can't get a new laptop computer at this 
price anywhere in the U.S.I 
Only $1699 (Regular $1999) 

SuperSport 
286 Laptop 
Package includes: 

-Free 2400 Baud Modem 
-Mac LapUnk or PC LapUnk 
-I Mb RAM 

b n 

SuperSport-HR 
Package includes: 

-20 Mb Hard Disk 
-1200 Baud Modem (internal) 
-Canytng case 
-Microsoft Works software 
-8088 processor 
-8/4.77 MHz 
-Backlit LCD display 
-DOS 3 .3+ included 
-Detachable/rechargeable battery pack 

-20 Mb Hard Disk $3110 (20 Mb) $3445 (40 Mb) 

Plus these desktop specials: 
Z-286 LP 40 with FTM monitor $2889 
Z-386 40 with FTM monitor $3779 

Ask about the new Z-386 model with 25 Mhz CPUI 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 
534-4291 

University Bookstore 
o OCC::~[D] 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5: 15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Hol1days 

The UCS D Guardian NEWS Thursday, March 9, 1989 11 

FEES: UCSA SaysHikesAre Unfair Students are being presented with services, he said, and told 
that if they do not pay the extra 
fee, the service will disappear. 

dents pay $28.50 per semester for 
their intramural sports facility 
and , at Santa Cruz, students pay 
a $ 10 membership to their partic-
ular college, as well as fees for 
sports and childcare faci lities. 

Continued from pice I 
be wary of such unnecessary fee 
increases. 

According to Potash, the effort 
to raise the fee represented a "per-
fect example" of the unfair fee 
assessments discussed in the 
UCSA fact sheet. 

The fee is currently $ 12, and the 
proposed increase wou ld have ul-
timately raised it to $65 per 
quarter. 

Dimme dale a nd Potash 
stro ngly opposed the measure for 
several reasons. They agreed that 
expanded recreation faci li ties are 
needed , but criticized the admin-

Men's • Ladies 
Leather • T emis 

istration's plans to fund the new 
facility . 

The fee increase would have 
been incremental, so that a major-
ity oftoday's student would have 
grad uated by the time the fee 
reached $65 - a factor that would 
have faci litated passage of the 
increase, Dimmesdale said. 

When students would have 
voted o n the referendum, Dim-
mesdale pointed out, they would 
have had no way of knowing that 
administrators were only paying 
$2 million towards the $26 mil-
lion facility. The rest of the money, 
he said, would have come from 
students and from limited fund-

raising. 
Students are often faced with a 

choice of paying for a new facility 
or not having it said Potash, who 
maintains that such a choice is 
unfair. 

Students at other UC campuses, 
according to the UCSA, are being 
charged for services such as health 
insurance, administrative com-
plexes, university events centers, 

"It's very hard for students to oppose the 
administration on something like this. " 

-Mordecai Potash 

Chris Kibalden. from the main 
UCSA office, said that many of 
the new student fees are "c1ose to 
blackmail. " 

and childcare. 
Students at Santa Barbara and 

Santa Cruz pay a tran it fee for 
campus bus pa~s~s . Berkeley stu-

With campus fees totalling $53 
per quarter, San Diego is one of 
the most expensive schools in the 
UC system. It is second only to 
Santa Cruz, where campus fees 
from spring quarter will be $81.55. 

" We're not really sure what the 
answer is," said Kibalden . "The 
university needs to put a higher 
priority on student services." 

The UCSA, he said, is pushing 
for the formation of a state com-
mittee that will study legislative 
possibilities and try to come up 
with an improved fee policy. 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student I 

SaleS39.89 
"Classic" 
Leather 

Men's. Ladies' 
TENNIS 

carl's Jr. Special : 

~ ~ 
SaleS38.89 

Reg. $49.95 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN 1147 I I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! ~FREE ! 
I Val1d at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I 
I Coupon _zpu.. Mar. 26. 1989. One oUer per coupon. I 
l One coupon per customer per visit Not valid with any ® I 
l ather alter or discount Price does not include tax. C!1I! rllt- J:r. I 
L ©carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1989 .... _:&'D ... 
-----------------------

AITENTION STUDENTS: THE ASUCSD IS 
LOOKING FOR GOOD MEN AND WOMEN!!! 

ARE YOU AMBITIOUS? WOULD YOU UKE TO SEE CHANGES ON CAMPUS? DO YOU WANT TO GET INVOLVED? DO YOU WANT YOUR VOICE TO BE 
HEARD? THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY: 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1989 ASUCSD SPRING ELECTIONS! 

FILING DATES: 

lAST DAY TO FILE: 
WHERE: 

POSITIONS AVAIlABLE: 

March 6th thru 10th, 13th & 14th 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 
April 3rd, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
In the A.S. Office, upstairs in Student Center "A" , 
(above EDNA) SEE PATIY! 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS; 
A.S. President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 

SENATORS; 

COMMISIONERS; 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
PubUc Relations 
Operations, Services & 
Enterprises 
University Center Board 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators for: Muir, Revelle, Third, 
Warren 
Sophomore Senator from Fifth College 

(FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT PAnY IN THE A.S. OFFICE AT 534-4450) 



t -

' -

12 Thursday. March 9. /989 

_______ S __ ~20~~T S------
Volleyball Falls to Division I School 

Ball State Rolls Over U CSD Softball Mashes Occidental By DAVID POTICHA 
SUD Wri,., 

ahead by 10 or more after five 
inDin,. the pme is over) was 
involved. In the IOCOnd pille, 
Stacie Suaki (3-0) pitched a 
four-hitter and was IUPported 
by an unbelievable ofteDlive 
dilplay to liWl UCSD a 21-2 
victory. In 10 inninp, the 
TritODI outscored the TJIm. 
32-3. 

By BRIAN ITOW 
StqfJ Writer 

Southern California is the bas-
tion of collegiate volleyball _ 
USC, UCLA, SDSU and the like 

Nick Rothman spikes one. 

are perennial powerhouses, and 
other West Coast teams riddle the 
Top 20 polls. So, can someone 
please explain what Ball tate is 
doing in the top 10, and more 
importantly, what is it doing beat-
ing up on a Triton squad whose 
defense is among the best in the 
nation'! 

Ninth ranked Ball State (7-9) 
u ed a strong outside attack to 
wear down the Triton defense and 
earn an 11-15, 15-1 1, 15-12, 15-7 
come-from-behind victory. Ball 
State was able to take advantage 
of Triton lapses to string together 
bunches of points and break open 
a series of tight games en route to 
a sweep of the final three games. 

Despite the lap es, UCS D 
Coach Digger Graybill was plea ed 
with his team's performance. " We 
played good sideout volleyball 

Profile: Friedlich Is Country's 
Top- Ranked Junior Fencer 

By MOLLY McKAY 
Staff Writer 

En garde! Did you know 
that we have the United tates' 
top-ranked junior fencer a-
mong us? Avi Friedlich, a first-
year student at Muir, is a name 
that strikes fear in the hearts of 
fellow competitors. 

I nvolved with fencing just 
three and a half year , Fried-
lich already has a firm hold on 
not only his number one rank-
ing but his posit ion as one of 
the three American Juniors who 
will travel to Athens, Greece to 
compete in the World Cham-
pionships as well. 

"I've met people from all 
over the country through fenc-
ing, and I'm looking forward 
to making friends from all over 

the world," Friedlich said. 
"Fencing is proving to be my 
ticket to see the world." 

In addition to practicing with 
the UCSD team twice a week, 
Friedlich also travels the 405 
freeway weekly to practice with 
the Salle Grenadier Club in 

See FRIEDLlCH, page 13 

Upcoming UCSD Club Sports ... 
What Who When 
Cycling 
Lacrosse (M) 
Lacrosse (W) 
Rugby 
Skiing 
Ultimate Disc 

at UC Irvine Mar. 11-12 1:00 p.m. 
MANHATTANVILE Mar. 9 3:00 p.m. 
UCSB Mar. II ]:00 p.m. 
UC RIVERSIDE Mar. 11 1:00 p.m. 
National at Lake Tahoe Mar.7-10 TBA 
at Stanford Invitational Mar. 11-12 1:00 p.m. 

but we just couldn't score points. I 
can't say I'm happy with our per-
formance because we didn't get 
the win, but we did play well ." 

UCSD played especially well in 
the fir t game as it held the Vol-
leyca rds of Ball State to a low 16 
percent attack percentage. and 
ran off 10 a 15-11 win. But after 
the fir t game, Ball State began to 
play its cards right. 

"We came in fired up," said 
quick-attacker John Lim. "But 
we lost it. They raised their level 
of playa notch after game one; 
they got together and we fell 
apart. " 

The V" lleycards began to pick 
holes in the UCSD defense as the 
game went on. By game four. they 
scored on 52 percent of their 
attack attempts, ending at a re-
spectable 28 percent. 

Ever wondered what raw 
tipr taIteI like? Ever C:ODtem-
plated ftat it would be like to 
CUI into that bloody ... and 
jvIldeWur it? Well. ponder no 
Ioqer,jultao" any member 
of the womea\ loftban team. 

In a twinbil apinIt Ocddeo-
tal, the Tritons mutilated the 
Tiaen. ICneliD, them home 
after piayiq • toW of 10 
inninaIJIa a dou ......... yes-
terday. With t .. victorieI, the 
TritoDl' record improves to 
6-3. 

Be~ pitcher Dianna Mor-
eno's four-hitter in the fant 
pme, the TritoDl won II-I in 
five innin ... For both pmes, 
the mandatory IO-run rule (if 

Lila "'i, one of UCSD\ 
Head Coaches. said that the 
team is -comins toaether AI a 
Jl'Oup. and eacb week it's look· 
ina more and more like a unit. .. 
She noted that even thoup it 
is "arty in the 1eUOD. our 
intensity has improved a lot 
over the Iut couple of weeki ... 

UCSD it currently ranked 
second in the reJion behind the 
defcndina National Championl, 
Central ColJeae of Iowa. Last 
year, the T ritOnl finished sixth 
in the nation. 

Men's Tennis Crushed by Ball State 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

The members of Ball State U ni -
versity's men's tennis team com-
peted against the Tritons on Mon-
day, and in doing so, they had a 
ball. 

have yet to lose a match to a Div-
sion III opponent. 

"We pretty much knew what to 
expect . . . we'd seen some of their 
players before," Triton fourth-
seed Chris Belloli said. "So we 
weren't really disappointed with 
the loss." A look at the statistics 
lends indication that it would not 
be very wise for UCSD to be 
upset. 

Ball State, a tough Division 1 
school from the Midwest, showed 
little mercy in roughi ng up the 
Tritons 9-0. The Tritons' record 
falls to 3-6 on the season , but they 

Overall, the Tritons won only.; 
two sets in the nine matches that iii ....... .. 

See. M. TENNIS, page 13 UCSO's Randy Mark 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 
What Who When 
Baseball (M) at La Verne (Doubleheader) Mar. I I 11 :00 a.m. 
Crew (W) USC Mar. 11 7:00 a.m. 

UCSB Mar. 12 7:00 a.m. 
Crew (M) UCSB& SBCC Mar. 12 7:00 a.m. 
Fencing (W) Western Regionals at Long Beach Mar. 11 - 12 TBA 
Softball (W) at Redlands (Doubleheader) Mar. 10 2:00 p.m. 

at Chapman Mar. II 7:00 p.m. 
Swim & Dive (W) Div. HI Nationals at South Bend, IN Mar. 9-11 all day 
Tennis (W) WESTERN MICHIGAN Mar. 10 2:00 p.m. 

IDAHO Mar. II 9:00 a.m. 
Tennis (M) WESTERN MICHIGAN Mar. 9 3:00 p.m. 

DREW Mar. 10 3:00 p.m. 
Track & Field at Cal State L.A. Invitational Mar. II 9:00 a .m . 
Volleyball (M) SAN DIEGO STATE Mar. 10 7:00 p.m. 

• 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

! l ("l) U~lJOIt(1ldim 
...... J /'/O/J . 

• d . ::t' 
toll.""''' 

DEO GALLERY 
beraw;e: 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I..L.",.IIIIIIII!!!!!!-------------______ _ 

---ALLAMERICANJMEAL---

• We cater to students . NO credi t card necessary . No depOSi t 
necessary for qualified renters . Movies, Video recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent . Huge selection of movies 
NEW RELEASES: A FISH CALLED WANDA. BIG BUSINESS 

II 
II 
II 
II 
I I 
I I 

Quarter Pounder · with Cheese. Medium Fry, ~ 
limit one coupon per 
c ustomer. per VISit Please 
presenl coupon when 
ordenng Not valid With 
a ny other o ffer 

Medium-Size Soft Orink Co.h IIOlu.: 1/ 20011 cent II 
II 

, Just $1 99 :1 
(pi us lax) II 

Only at: II 

~ Goodthru ~ April 16. 1969 
-----iiiii 

71.0 Miramar Rd.@ SonD~ 
12371'roepec:t "M ..., 

La Jolla I_~ 
ii_iiiii iiiii iii iii iii iii 

• MARRIED TO THE MOB. COMING SOON: PUNCHUNE, 
CROCODILE DUNDEE II, MOON OVER PARADOR 

-Brill!( Thi,~ Ad 10 Relll Olle Mol'ie-
(Iud gel (I se('ulld rellial for FREE! 

MonddY 1t1111 n 1(1f \Ii.ly Expires 3/16/89 

HH·I.'J I "ILL , L I J()LL. , /JR. 
(~ALrH s n NT[ R 8t rwu N CROWN flOOKS AND OS( 0 

HOURS: Sun, ·Thurs. 11 am·8 pm/ Frl.-$4It . 11l1m- 10 pm 

I I I I 450-1554 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 

Women's Crew Success Rides with Veterans 
By CARIN R ESN ICK 
Staff Writer 

In musical chairs when the 
record tops, people rush for a 
place to sit. For the UCSD 
women's c rew team, the music 
has not ye t stopped , but the 
scramble for seat ha begun. 

It all began fall quarter, when 
the crew preseason began. Still 
feeling the increased interest in 
rowing that the 1984 and 1988 
Olympics inspired. the women' 
team had their second-be t re-
cruiting year ever. 

However, ucces ful recruiting 
does not guarantee a winning sea-
son. Ha vi ng finished in the mid-
dle of the pack last year at the 
Pacific Coast Rowing Champion-
ships, much of the responsibility 
for the team falls upon the vete-
ran rowers. 

SPORTS UPDATE ... 
Baseball 

Triton pinch hitter Anthony 
Sanchez singled with two outs 
and a 3-2 count in the ninth 
inning, scoring Kevin Gelbard and 
sending Tuesday's nightcap of 
UCSD's doubleheader with Clare-
mont-¥-udd into extra innings. 
In the tenth, Matt Bynum's three-
run double keyed a five-run rally 
to give UCSD a 7-3 win. Clare-
mont-Mudd emerged victorious 
in the opening game of the twin-
bill, 7-2. 

The Tritons wound up with an 
outstanding effort from pitcher 
Rick Rupkey in the second game. 
Rupkey threw the entire 10 innings 

Friedlich 
Continued from pale 12 
Beverly Hills and receive lessons 
from his coach, Bob Randolph. 
The Club presently has four 
members from the Olympic 
Squad, and is generally recog-
nized as the best fencing club on 
the West Coast. 

Therefore. in prepari ng the 
tea m for the challenge ahead, 
Head oach Jack Vallerga has 
lea ned on his third and fourth 
year rowers. .. Allyson Dudley, 
Christy Dueck . Janice Williams, 
I.isa Mo es and coxswain Laura 
In g a re the soul ofthe team . They 
set the standards and defi ne the 
team's reality," he explained. 

Nonetheless, the loss of three 
promine nt rowers to st udie s 
abroad left the women' va rsity 
team with some holes to fill early 
in the season. To accomodate the 
losses, Vallerga has changed the 
format fo r seating the boats. 

Last season the crews were 
boated as either "lightweights" or 
" heavyweights." Lightweight 
women must weigh in under 130 
pounds before each race . Heavy-
weights, on the other hand , have 
no weight restrictions. Each rower, 
the refore , by v irtue of nature of 
dieting, fell into one or the other 

to pick up his fourth vic tory 
against no defeats, while getting 
needed offensive support from 
Dave Ligerman's three for five 
performance and a home run by 
Henry Jimenez in the eighth. 

In the first game, Mike Mor-
gan (3-3) was lagged with his 
second consecutive loss in a com-
plete game effort. Erikk Aldridge 
also contributed offensively with 
a 4 for 9 performance on the day. 
Surflnl 

Senior Isabelle Tihanyi sta rred 
last weekend for the UCSD 
surfers, garnering the top women's 
spot in a NSSA College Team 
Season Contest at Bolsa Chica 
State Beach. The Tritons man-
aged a third place overall finish . 

category. 
This season , thin gs have 

changed . The boats have been 
seated as eit her"A"or " B,"wi th-
out any weight differentiations. 
The A-B conce pt. as Vallerga 
ex plained, was initially geared 
towards promoting inter-t eam 
competitio n, whereby the team as 
a whole would become more fit 
and aggressive. 

With over five months of prac-
tice behind them, the women's 
crew team is ready to launch its 
racing season. The first-year nov-
ice rowers, under the direction of 
Assistant Coach Pam Lellis, re-
ceived high technical mark s from 
Vallerga. "They're coming along 
nicely. If handled right, novice 
rowers will constantly improve, 
and that's what we're seeing," Lel-
lis me ntioned . 

The San Diego Crew Classic 
from Marc h 31-April I will be a 
testing ground for the new boats. 

For the Triton men, Allen 
Johnson finished ninth a nd Mike 
Glevy placed tenth. Wendy Fred-
erick was the next Triton finisher 
behind Tihanyi in the women's 
division, placing eventh in the 
body board competition, UCSD's 
Bob Crawford ca ptured seventh. 

Tihanyi also shined this week-
end in the Red Onion Super Ser-
ies at Huntington Beach, where 
she placed third overall and first 
among 15 amateurs. 
M. Volleyball 

The Triton upset bid fell just 
short last night as the team lost a 
five set marathon to 11th ranked 
Indiana- Purdue University, Fort 
Wayne 11-15, 19-17,15-1 1, 11-15, 
8-15. 

M. Tennis "Most younger fencers are easily intimidated by their opponents, 
but A vi has the self confidence 
and emotional control necessary Continlled from page 12 
to deal successfully with any they lost . Sixth-seeded John Park 
opponent." won one of those, in a three-set 

loss 3-6, 7-6, 3-6. The only other 
This past summer, Friedlich set which the Tritons salvaged 

was invited to attend an intense during the entire contest took 
lO-day tournament for the top place in Francois Monnar a nd 

Junior fencers in the nation at the Jeff French's 6-4, 3-6, 3-6 doubles 
Olympic Training Ce nter in defeat. 

Thursday. March 9. /989 13 

r------------------, 
II 25"~o OFF Any small. II ... medium or large I frozen yogurt I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I VOId wIII1 onv ""* ...... I 
I Toppings noIlndudecl Expir .. 3/ 12/ 89 I One coupon 10 0 I cUlfomer I 
I 'T' I Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.·Thurs. I 11-11 Fri. & Sot. Lo I 
I 12-10:30 Sun. ,..... I V~~W· I 7770 Regents Rd., Suit. 108 I 

( in Vans Shopping Center) L __________________ ~ 

STUDENT Focus 
SPECIAL 

$1000 MEN'S CUT $1450 HAIR&SKIN CARE PIIooum FEMALE CUT 
15% OFF PERMS & COLOR -Iongha;rs/ightlyextra. 

With Vatid I.D. Styling is extra. Not valid with other discounts. 

'~5r~M5 
La Jolla Village Square - May Co. Mall 

Open: M -F 10·9p.m. SAT. 9 ·6p.m. 455-1700 
SUN. 1' -5p.m. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QU ALI FlED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784I Balboa Ave. Ste. 2 I5 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME/ CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

"One of the reasons Avi has Colorado Springs. He expects to Down the line, UCSD players 
done so well is , in fencing at this see many of these same competi- all suffered straight losses: Top- •••••••••••••••••••••••••••. 
club's level, and competing with tors again in two weeks when he seeded Monnar fell 4-6, 3-6, Sig .1 upim J/ 16 / 89 SO ~ S .1 
higher levels of expertise, it accel- travels to .New York for the Huber lost 0-6, 1-6, Randy Mark .. ~ _~_~_~_~_:_?_i~_~_~_~_~_1_~_l_0_~_~_~_Y_i_~_Y_;_~_r_i_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_:_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_6_1_~_i_~_~_~_:_~_~_:_'_;_l_~_~_~_:_F_~_:_:_~_~_:_;_~_~_:~· I .~~ D1~~ i 
Are you denying 

yourself 
a better shot 

at grad school? 
Okay. it may be too lale to 

get a 4 O. But it's not too late to 
try to do beller o n your LSAT. 
GMAf. GRE. or M AT For that . 
there's Sia nley H Kaplan 

No one has prepped more 
student s than Sian ley H 
Kapta n Our lest taking lech· 
niques and educational 
program s have p repared 
over I m,ll,on s ludents. 

So whatever grad school 
e xa m you're lakmg, call us 
Remember. the person neXI to 
you du rtng your e xam mIght 
have take n a Kaplan course. 

I KAPLAN 
ST"Nt£Y H UI'l "N EOUCArl()NJ\1 ON181l1O 

OONT OMPLn. Win I 
A KAPI AN STUOENT- Br ONE 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
SAN DIEGO, CA 92117 

(6191277 -67 44 

DO SOMETHING 
DIFFERENT 
THIS SUMMER 

Eurocentres 
Learn a language while li\lngabroad 

Work Abroad 
ShOrt'lerm job. availabte 

for students 

Russia/China 
Commune stay, 

I rans-Siberian Rail"a~ 
I·wk . Ru;sian Tour •. .. . $399 

Bosed on round tr ip lor. 
Book Now· SealS Limited! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

• Wolff System . 2nd 30 Tan Days $39 Call for delails • 

1--------------------------1 
• Lose up to 18" •. I in one session : 
I $39 European Body Wrap : 
• Ol a temporary water loss . Reduce cellulite . No exercIse •• 
• LA JOLLA 459·5165 TAN PACIFIC BEACH 581 -9060 
• SOLANA 8EACH 259·3150 4 LESS SPORTS ARENA Z97·WRAP • 
• "Intro Mini Wrap<all for dela il Expires J/ 16 /89 • 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
r-------------------------~ FREE : 

ELECTROLYSIS 
EYEBROWS 

UPPER LIP 
CHtN 
NECK For Men & Women . All Female Staff SpeCia liZing In problem cases 

and sensitive skin 
GOLDEN TRIANGLE - LA JOllA 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr .. SUlle 212 1 
(behind Elephant Bar) 
CALL FOR APPT. 
558-0888 

I 
I 
I 
., 

~----~--------------------~ 

1-



, 
. 

14 Thursday, March 9, 19 9 

A rti st: Jennifer Lock e 
LfU. ____ 1 ____ .. __ 
~1'.JfJ~1 -/~a, -, III '!:! The Story 

As Winter Quarter 1989 draws to a close, we'd like to tell you a story ... 

Picture a major west coast 
university positioning it elf a a 
top-flight research institution. 

Ir ~ '" 

"'. ' ~\ 
See its students competing in large, 
fast-paced classes with limited 
per onal attention. 

Now enter a group of graduates who 
know the frustration: feeling lost, not 
finding help, then fa lling behind and 
just cramming for exams. 

They decided to create an environment where 
students would find the ideal T.A.'s: all their 
time and energy dedicated to simplifying the 
ma terial, building student confidence, and 
making learning fun again. 

f 
1£=0 

It started with one instructor: Steven Leduc received his Sc.B. in 
Theoretical Mathematics at MIT in 1986 at the age of 20, and the 
M.A. in Math from UCSD in 1988. Having extensive experience as a 
T.A. at both MIT and UCSO, Steve taught Math lA, IB, lC, 2A, 2B, 
2C, 20A, and 2EA to the nearly 100 UCSD students enrolled in 
Hyperleaming this quarter. Here's what they' re saying ... 

" This is the most worthwhile collegiate investment I've made 
thus far. " Jim Roark, Math 2B 

'' It's so simple and quick. H e shows us a way to attack every 
problem so we don' t look at it and go "what the heck should I 
do?" Last quarter I bombed and had no clue what I was doing. 

ow I'm cruisin'." Carolyn lane, M ath 2A 

" teve's laid-back style of teaching promotes a r at environ-
ment for learning. I would have failed without Hyperlearning." 
Patrick H el frick, M ath 2A 

"Steve's style of teaching is fantastic. He explains the material 
with visual aids that you can retain in your mind, does represen-
tative sample problems, and is entertaining all at the sam e t ime." 
A m y Vander linden, M ath 2C 

" Thi c1as is very helpful and I recommend anyone to take it. 
Everything is explained with such clari ty that ma th seems ea y 
after leaving here!" Cristina Aguilera, M ath 2A 

"The teaching is excellent. It is the most expla natory that I've had 
in any math course at UCSD." Brian C hancellor, Math 1C 

"Steve was always avai lable for m e, extended hours befor e 
exams and phone-in hours never left me feeling alone with my 
m ath. The help I ' ve gotten was a teal a t $125." 
Angie Schinkel, Math l C 

"Steve's like a doctor: on call 24 hours a day. I knew from the 
fi rst day tha t I made t he r ight choice w hen I enrolled in Hyper-
learning." Tony Guglielmetti, Math 2A 

" M y grades have gone from som ething like 14% to 90% on mid -
terms," Valerie Ang. Math IB 

.L1u •• _ ... _1 ___ ............ 
L:JII :JJ-R=I -'':ClI 7 III '!/ 

Here are som fl' of the too hip peoplf' In Ih Hyperleammg program. The rerumbent dude In lM Lennon specs IS StCY~ l.l!du(" 
(Funkier s unglasses courtesy of PaClhc Eyes and T's.) ~ 1adfic.~."', Ht're's ourcias"room /olfice. Wf're in Suite 1132A in the La Jolla ViUage Professional Center, Note the footbridge (rom UCSD. 

" Better than any professor or TA I've had at UCSD. Makes the 
m ateriaJ understandable. linda Fredin, Math 2A 

" I rea lly liked the program and plan on taking it again." 
Kevin Mcintyre, M ath 28 

"Steve is a - Math God: I understand him very well, which makes 
everything easier. J like the small groups." 
Janine H ochman, M ath I B 

"The handouts provide me WIth a lot of practice which always 
helps m e o ut." Arlen Abengoza, M ath 28 

"I felt I gai ned more from the Hyperiearnlllg sessions than I did 
the actual lectures." Derek Chin, Math 18 

" First Rate! Even though 5 eve talked to you on you r level of 
understanding. you knew that he could solve anything you 
threw at him." Mark Patter son, Math 2DA 

" Steve Leduc i incredibly knowledgeable in the area of calcu lus, 
yet what separates him from most mathema tics i nstructors is h is 
ability to explain concepts and tech n iques i n such a simp le 
manner." Robert Sweginnis, M ath 2A 

" Material is taught in a clear manner with more one-to-one 
tutoring. SpeCIal sessions before the tests are helpful and call-ins 
are too ." Sam antha Loveland, Math 2EA 

" The handouts give us a chance to work out problem s simi lar to 

"II's a lot of fun. The way w e are taught m akes 
m e wall! to learn." Lana Vilsker, Math 2C 

"For the firs t tim e, I feel very con fid ent w hen 
taking m y m ath m i dterms." 
Jeff Marquardt, Math 2A 

"The environment i s just w hat the program 
ad vertises: Hyper -learnin g , Everyone is 
friend ly and w i lling to h elp you out if you 
d on' t understand . You lea rn more f rom 
working w ith oth ers that ar e in the sam e 
position as you. And the snacks are great!" 
Erika Gilyot, Math 18 

"If I get an - A' (and It looks like I probably wi ll), it' ll be the first the exam s. Excellent! J t 's nice knowing that if the prof at UCSD " I truly don't believe I could have passed this 
A in Math I ' ve gotten since 10th grade." didn't explain the material well that Steve will explain it clearly." cou rse w ithou t Hyperlearni ng ." 
Aaron Cheesman, Math 2B Laureen Cota, Mal h lA Anonymous, Math 1B 

OODDDOOODDOOODDDDODDDDDOODDDDDOODDDDDDDODD~DDDDDODDDDDDDODDODDDODDDDOODDDDOODDDDDODDUDDOODD 
Program Details: 

There are currently five components to our tutorial program: 

1. Extended W eekly Sections. (100 minutes/ week, o r fully 
twice the time of regular U SD discussion sections). These 
sessions are fast paced and a lot of fun! W e only take 24 students 
per class, so you get a lot o f personal attention during the 
quarter. 

2. Convenient Phone-in Offi ce H ours. Scheduled in the 
evenings when you are tudying and doing problems at home. 

3. Strategic M i dterm and Final Review s. Comprehensive 
coverage of the m aterial one or two days before the tests. 

4. Handouts, Handouts, H andouts! These may be sample 
tests, solutions to problems, explanations of the text, memon za-
tion aids, or anything the class desires! 

5. The H y p erleam i ng G uarantee. Students are guaranteed 
to get their money's worth when making use of our tutorial 
program . This means being able to refund the large majority of 
your tuition in instances where your grades and / or understand -
ing d o not substantially increase as a result of our efforts. See us 
for details. 

Since so many students requested a program for Chembtry, 
we have recruited another outstanding instructor to the 
Hyperlearning team. John D arwell received his B.A . in Chemis-
try from UCSD in 1988, and has taught general and organic 
chemistry here for the past thre;> years, earning such CAPE's as: 

"A great TA, John Darwell was tnformed, conscien t ious and 
compreh nsible." 

"John Darwell wa an outstanding teacher who dem on-
strated astounding knowledge, and whose superior effort was 
evident in his lucid explanations." 

All this said, here's our Spring Quarter section schedule: 

Ch em 6A (Wolff) T uesdays, 2:10 - 3:50 
Chern 68 (Wol ff) Wednesdays, 6:10 - 7:50 
Chern 68 (Ch adh a) W ednesdays, 8:10 - 9:50 
Chem 6C (V o id) Thursdays, 2:10 - 3:50 
Ch ern 6C (Trogl er) Thursdays, 8:10 - 9:50 

Math 1B (Rohrl) T u esdays, 6:10 - 7:50 
Math 1C (All) Thursdays, 6:10 - 7:50 
M ath 2B (All) Mondays, 6:10 - 7:50 
Math 2C (All) T uesdays, 4:10 - 5:50 
M ath 2DA (All ) Thursdays, 4:10 - 5:50 
Math 2EA (Zheng) W ednesdays, 4:10 - 5:50 
M ath 2F (All) Mondays, 4:10 - 5:50 

Fees. ourse fees are S125 per class ($225 for two) for students 
registering before A pril 3rd, and $165 per clas, afterwards. 
Siudents on fmancial aid may enroll for $100 (Jus t send a photo-
copy of your SAA acknowlegement letter or UCSD Financial 
AId award letter with your reg form). IWith over 30 hours of 
instruction per class, this works out to less than $4 / hr for 
top-grade tutorial services. I 

To enroll, mail this form with check or m ,O. payable to : 

H y perleaming 
8950 Villa L a Jolla Dr, Suite 1132A 
La J oUa, CA 92037 

H y perleam i ng and UCSD . Hyperlearning is composed of 
current and former UCSD g rads and u ndergrads, but has a yet 
no formal association with UCSD. We are however strongly 
m terested in working with the univer ity on improvi ng the 
UCSD undergraduate educationa l experience. We u rge you to 
take advantag of all rvices now available, such as drop-in 
counseling at O .A .S.l.S., to support your T .A : , and to take de-
partmental and APE evaluation forms seriously. It's your 
university. Use all of it! 

Spr ing Quarter classes start Monday, Apri l 3rd. We're in Suite 
1132A i n the La Jolla Village Prof. Center, by lhe Elephant Bar 
and EI Torito. A footbridge from UCSD provides e.1SY access. 
A ll sessions start 10 m i n . after the hou r to m ake commuting 
easier from campus cia 1'5. See you there! 

Time Flies. Regis trat ion begins today, M arch 9th. Spaces ( 24 
students per class m ax) are reserved as fo rms are received, and 
will fi ll quickly . It is to your advantage to register before 
spring break. 

Please call John Smart or Sandra Russell at 455-1000 until 
midnight, sev en days a w eek, i f you have any further questions. 
And m ay your spri ng b rea k shred ... 

r---------------------HYPERLEARNING (455-1000) 
Spring Quarter Registration Form 

Name ____________ _____ ___ 

Course(s) _______________ ___ 

Local Address ______________ _ 

Penn. Address ____________ _ 

LocaIPhone ______________ __ 

Penn.Phone _______________ _ 

Were you referred to the program by a current 
Ilyperiearning student? 

If so, whom ? Thanks! 
L ____________________ ~ 

Thursday . March 9, 1989 15 

..::-

------------------

CLASSIFIEDS 
______________________________ ~~O~~~~---------------------------

CIII."1Id advrill", l. aoI~ In 1 ~WW1IlncntIIIIIIa. 
Till rill II« 15 werda II sl lor atuIIInIa. 53 IIr 
I.culty ..... l1li. .nd 54 ill' 1IIIIn. ..., ..... II 
IIIv.nee II ,...1,.. IIIInIIrI. ... 1IIt IIII111IM 
willi • cIIIcIl (pa,.-.. II III UCIO BuniIII .. 
........ In ,.... 1'1_ 11M Ilict ..... 

1IN~1I_1r14 ,. • . ThurUI, ill' ...... , ........ 4 
,.11 . ...... y fir TIIurUI,'1 ...... Till .... 
_ l1li """ II .... ., 1Mt1III111 I .... 
IIIIIIut !III 11I11II4I II _, .. IIIIIIII, MI. fir .. 
1_1IIIiIII. CIII i34-64ll TlIa ....... UCIlI-
01 Ill ...... CA lI2OII3. 

VEGETARIAN FOOD FESTIVAL. Sunday. March 
19, 12-5 pm .. Balboa Park San Diego Animal 
Advocales. Call 940-1 450.(3 / 13) 

Come hear HONDURAN FARM WORKER 
ORGANIZERS diSCUSS Ihe slark realily of dally 
campeslno Ille and lhe ImplicalJons 01 U S. pol. 
ICY lor Ihe average Honduran (him/ discussion 

' 1001 Thursday. March 9. 7 pm North Confer-
'ence Room - Studenl Cenler. Sponsored by 
Siudents Encouraging Educallon and Develop· 
men!.(3 / 9) 

PROTEST DOG MUTILATION Vigil Tuesday, 
March 21 , 6-8 p.m .. UCSD BaSIC Science BUild-
Ing. Inlormallon 940- 1450(3/ 13) 

Come see Ihe Men's Lacrosse Team play 
Manhananville College from New York 3 pm 
Warren Wesl Food and Beverages will be on 
hand T·Shlrts and lanks Will be soId.(3/9) 

FlYing somewhere for Spnng Break? Call 534· 
4235 lor your reservallon on Ihe AIRPORT 
SHUnLE SERVICE It Will be running March 
21 -23 and April 2. Call NOWl(3/ 9) 

Get a head slart. Come 10 ASIO and gel a 
summer Inlernshlp In the San Diego area 
Appllcallons are due allhe end 01 fourth week 01 
Spring quarter (3/16) 

Aloha" Forming Hawaii Club" All from HawaII 
and / or IUsl lntereSled conlaCI Robb 558-6754 
or Allison 558-9 171 We're thini<lng aboul gOing 
up 10 UCLA for Ihelf annual luau In April (3/91 

Martin Lulher King, Jr. advocaled peace. love, 
and non-Violence He was Winner 01 the Nobel 
Peace Prize In 1964. JOin Ihe commuOily 
mOvemenl 10 name Ihe new San Diego 
ConventIOn Cemer for Dr King Wrile 10 Mayor 
O'Conner and Ihe City counCilors. Call Alliance 
lor SurVival for Inlormation 277-0991 (3/ 9) 

Want 10 be a loundlng falher, come check oul 
lhe newest fraternlly on campus, Phi Kappa 
Theta. Mondays. 7 pm in USB 3010.(3/9) 

Reverse Ihe arms race. Help end nuclear wea· 
pons tesllng JOin Olher San Dlegans at a legal 
rally on lax day. April 15, allhe Nevada nuclear 
lesl sile. Non-lilolence preparalion is recom· 
mended. Call Alliance for SurVIVal for informa-
lion 277-0991 (3/ 131 

Hungry? The All Campus Commuler Board is 
haVing a BBO 1 1 :30-1:30 p.m. loday on lhe 
Plaza, al MOM, and In fronl of Peterson Hall. 50¢ 
burgers, 60¢ cheeseburgers, 25¢ sodasl(3/ 9) 

Third College Studenls' Run In Ihe SPflllO elec· 
lions lor Ihe posilon of Third College Student 
Council Financial Director, Communicalions 
Direclor, Program Coordinalor or Siudeni-al-
large (2 openings). Pick up appllcation~ in Ihe 
Third Dean's office. Deadline 10 apply: March 
31.(3 / 13) 

Hungry? No money? Sigma Nu Fralernily sel· 
ling holdogs for 25¢, Revelle Plaza (Iomorrow. 
Friday, only).(3/ 9) 

Baseball Fans- Wanllo lOin UCSD's baseball 
slals leagu~? Call 558-8455 lor more delalls 
550 entrance fee greal payoN, greal fun 

MISS Bud Llghl La Jolla Grand PrI. compelilloni 
Cash. prizes, commerCial appearances Appll-
callons al Family Filness Cenlers Call lor Inlo 

· (619) 495·7390. Do II Todayl(3/ 91 

Commulers. sign up lor Spflng '89 1M sports In 
Ihe Revelle Commuler Lounge We'll do Ihe 
res1(3/ 9) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New al Cal Copy 
Only 5595. While you wail Xeroxes and more 
Near 51 Germalns. 452·9949 (3/ 13) 

Word Processing laser prl nler gives 
typesel-qualilY papers. 51 .50 / dbl . spc page 
Rush lobs available Free pickup and delivery 
Cra'll 452-6934 (4/ 3) 

WE INSTALL YOUR AUTO STEREO and 
speaker syslems al Ihe lowesl rales In Ihe 
counly. Over 20 years combined expenence 
PERFORMANCE AUTO SOUND . 
744-7026(6/ 8) 
Word Processing Services ProfeSSional 
Quailly - Reasonable Rales Call Usa 586-
9096 (eve",ngs).(3 / 9) 

AIRPORT SHUTTLE SERVICE. March 21·23 
and April 2 Call 534-4235 for reservatlon.(3/ 9) 

Need lulollng In malh, phYSICS, or biOlogy? Call 
Will aI558·0245 or 554-2130 (3 / 9) 

Modeling. Pholographer Will Irade PMIS for 
modeling Non-pornographic sludles. MI F, no 
S, Mark 456·1982.(3/9) 

Word Processlng / Wrillng TUlor Gel beller 
grades on your papersl Laserprinler Call Barry 
450·9183 (3/ 9) 

Resumes. Cover Letter. Reference Pages. 
Envelopes. Computer genera led and Laser 
prlnled on regular or your own resume paper A 
profeSSional presentation of your qualiflcallons 
756-9887 (3/ 13) 

Word ProcesSing - IBM w/ laser prlnler. Slu-
dent Papers and Resumes. Reasonable. InPUII 
OulpuI53O·0470(3 / 13) 

Word ProcesSing, Siudeni Rales, 7 days a 
week. Excellent English Skills. 755-2683. (4 / 61 

TYPING / WORD PROCESSING Wllh Laser 
Prinllng Low COSI lerm papers, lheses. resu· 
mes Fasl! NADINE 578·0496 (3 / 13) 

TUTORING: A proven melhod lowards better 
grades. Reasonable rates. All subjects. For 
appoinlmenl call ' 755-2669 (4/31 

MACINTOSH SERVICE CENTER: Componenl 
level repair, FREE eSllmales reasonable rales. 
weekends OK! Eg .. analog board $99 w/ exch. 
+1 Meg RAMfor+ / SE / II $380. 40 Meg HDfor 
SE $470 128 / 512 upgrades available Nexllo 
UCSD, Approved vendor P.O s ok. Call : COM-
PUFIX. 535·0930. Buy Broken Macsl (4 / 3) 

Olga Ball EleclrOloglSt. 1200 10 1 500 halfs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Suile 203A. Siudeni 
Discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. 
(3/ 13) 

Word Processing I Typing - IBM/ Macinlosh 
syslems - APA Available - Rush jobs spe-
Cially - Burke Secrelallal - P B 274-8305. 
(3/13) 

I · I 
Roundtrip Ilcke!. SO 10 Albuquerque Leave 
March 23, Relurn March 26 $100 Call Carin 
453· 1135 (3 / 9) 

IBM XT Original 1 Floppy, 40 Total MB HD 
Color Monitor SI ,200. 453·3057 (3/13) 

1982 HOnda 50 Urban Express scooler Runs 
well , good condl1ion Currenlly reglslered and 
has UCSD parking permi!. $160. Call Jason al 
558-8040 (3/ 13) 

Sofa / Sleeper. Perfecl Condilion $1 25 Very 
Comforlable, IIghlwerghl. 566-0793. 741 ·0580 
(4/ 61 

Surfboards 6'8" In-fin ($1201 and 6'3" mlnl·gun 
(575) Clean. IIghl. fasl Leashes Included Phil 
792-9755 .(3 / 9) 

Roundlrlp Ilckel from SO 10 SFO LeaVing 191h 
and relur",ng April 2 558. Jason 558-7704 (3/ 9) 

For Sale Alfplane Tlckello SF March 18 930 
am 529. Call Sue 558-7386 / 558 ·8722 (3/9) 

Espressol CapuCClno machine New. In bOK 
$50 Do well on I"nals" Call EriC 581 - 1582 (3/9) 

For Sale '81 VW Rabbll DSL Greal Condmon 
Orlg Owner. $1.500 000 558-6707 (4 / 6 ) 

Bikes 1986 Nlshlkl Tn-A. 12-speed, Shlmano 
600EX. Araya Rims. Look pedals (sporl). g,eal 
cond 5300 1985 Cannondale IIghlwelghl alum 
lOUring Ira me, 12-speed. eaSily adaplable 10 
18·speed, good cond $350 Call Mike 722-
2818 wi< or 967 ·6703 hm(3/9) 

6'2" G&S/Rus~o Surfboard w/ trac-Iop Only 
used 2x 5200 Call Mike 578-8826 (3/91 

1986 Honda Interceplor 500 Excellenl COndl-
lion. Runs perfeci New Metteler Tires, Ferodos 
Looks greal Stili under warranry. $1 .800 Leave 
message aI558-6476 (3/ I 3) 

1986 Cougar - Good condl1ion Beautiful car 
Aulomallc. AM / FM slereo cassene" New Ilfes 
One owner. 56.500 Call Debbie al 558-8330 
any1lme or leave message on machlne.(3/ 9) 

Single bed, eKcellenl condilion Almost new 
$750bo 457·2606.(3 / 9) 

CD Playe, for sale. Greal bargain - 5150 Call 
Damon aI535-0655 for more Informallon.(31 1 3) 

I , I 
Del Mar Masler bdrm and balh 10 Share Across 
from beach Beaullful house Ellzabelh 792· 
0235. (3/ 131 

Roommale wanted close 10 campus , 
5245 / monlh plus uillilies. deposil 558-6659. 
(3 / 13) 

Female roommale 10 share HUGE masler In a 
2-slory 2-bedroom 2 1/ 2 balh spacIous lown· 
home Fully furnished On beach. pool . lennls, 
lacuzzl, garage. laundry. elc 5275 / mo. plus 1/ 3 
UIII Greal roomies. 259-9969. (3/ 13) 

Roommale wanled (male / female)!1 Own fur-
",shed bedroom In a spacIous 4 bedroom 
condo 10 mlnules from campus. Washer I drye" 
cable TV, jacuZZI, pool and 3 cool roommales" 
Everything needed 10 live In luxury a must 
seel S3 10 / mo. no uhlliles Call Sieve al 271-
68 1 I or leave a message. (3 / 1 3) 

Single room In lownhouse lor renl for sprlng/· 
summer. very close. very big James - 558-
1275 (3 / 13) 

ROOMMATE WANTED 3/24 to 6 / 30 Own 
room In north Mesa UCSD graduale hOUSing 
Clean. qUiel. non-smoker. graduale sludenl 
only, S213/ mo Including ulllliles 546-1579 
(evenlngsl· (3/ 13) 

Two female roommales wanled spring quarter 
4 storey house P B. Close 10 ocean 5260 / mo 
488-3268 (3 /1 6) 

MI F nonsmol<lng roommale wanled for own 
room In clean, qUiet. comfortable condo Amenl' 
lies Include w & d, dw, cable, and garage 
$375 /mo ulllliles Included Call Brian al 
546-8159 (3 / 13) 

PaCifiC Beach Room for rent $260 plus utllilles 
Fun-lOVIng roomies Included Call Bob 270· 
9083(3/ 9) 

PaCIfic Beach Oceanfronl condo 2 bedroom 2 
bath Jacuw. sauna. wei bar. laundry facililies 
Near bus Fully lurnlshed $11 75 per monlh 
Reduced rale for responSible renler Man 483· 
9516 or 230·1600 (3/ 13) 

Hamburg·La JOlla exchange sought by Ger-
man faculty lamlly working In La JOlla, mid July 
10 end of Augusl Dales somewhat fleXible 
Delalls from Dr R Milligan, Scnpps CliniC Tel 
No 554·9827 (4 / 6) 

Roommale wanted Mlfa Mesa area Masler 
BDRM. S3OO / mo plus 1 / 4 UllirtlBs N"n-smoker, 
malel female SpaCIOUS 587·9201 (3/13) 

Roommale wanled ' Female. nonsmoker. $2951 
mo, lurnlshed Beach. pool. lennlS laundry, 
Jacuw Call 259-9969. Solana Beach (3/ 13) 

Share Beauuful House near beach wllh 2 
malure women grad studenls 5400, 1/ 3 Lynn 
755-9586.(3 / 16) 

WAIlED 
Th"d College Siudents. Run In Ihe Spring elec-
lions for Ihe posilion of Thlfd COllege Siudeni 
Council FinanCial D"eclor, CommUniCallOn 
Director, P,ogram Coordinalor or Sludenl·at· 
large (2 openings). Pick up appllcallons In lhe 
Th"d Dean's office Deadline 10 apply March 
31 (3/ 13) 

Aclors, sel deSigners for hnanced sludenl Video 
to be enlered In compelilions Call Aud,a 
481 -521 8 

Summer Jobs Crulselrne. US and overseas 
1-812-282-4437. Ext. c-117 (4/3) 

Essay contest Cash pnze "THE RELATION· 
SHIP BETWEEN CONSCIOUSNESS AND 
MAnER" For delal ls send name and address 
10: Crispin B Hollinshead, 1345 Torrey Pines 
Rd .. La JOlla, CA. 92037 (4/ 6) 

Summer IS comlngl Gel ready for lhe beach 
Lose up to 25 Ibs. In the nexi 30 days Safe, all 
nalural and guaranteed program Call Cathe· 
rine loday' 558-1883 (3 / 131 

Alaska Summer Employment - Flshelles Earn 
5600 plusl week In cannery. $8.000-SI2.ooo 
plus for Iwo monlhs on hshlng vessel. No expe-
flence necessay Male or Female. For 64-page 
employmenl booklet. send 56 .95 
10 M&L Research, Bo. 84008-XA, Seanle, WA 
98124 - 30 day, unconditional 100% money 
back guaranlee (4 / 3) 

Wanled Summer Camp Counselors and MUSIC 
Speclallsl North CounlY BranCh JeWish Com· 
mUnity Cenler Call 944-0640 (3 / 13) 

TAKE A BREAK" How would you like to enlOY 
Ihe San DlBgo sun by day and earn good money 
by nlghl dUring Spnng Break? If Ihe Ihoughl 
sounds appealing call and Inquire aboul Ihe 
greal Job of contacllng parents and alumni for 
Ihe UCSD Annual Fund Afternoon and Evening 
hours available, on· campus locatIOn, greal 
experience Call 587- 1589.(3/13) 

Branch managemenl posItIOns available In your 
homelown dUring 'he summer Earn $6-15.000 
and gain valuable bUSiness experience. No 
Inveslmenr. ACI no ... 1 Call Student Painters for 
more Informallon at 1-800·426-6441 (3/13) 

Taking PhYSICS 2B and need sludy buddies? 
Prepare for qUIZZes and Ihe final with a small 
group If Interesled, call 270· 1936 and ask for 
Roark (3/131 

Relall Sales of Health Oriented Product. Look· 
Ing for 10 highly motlvaled sludents for bUSI-
ness management poSitions H'llh polenllal for 
advancemenl Please call 481 ·4278 (4/ 10) 

I I 
CarOl- Please clip thiS oul and keep It handy for 
fulure reference.·Sleve and Erlc's AMES 10 
Debugging Service - Reasonable Rales 7 
days a week."(3 / 9) 

CONDOMS BY MAIL. Proieci your health and 
privacy Wllh low cosl, high quality condoms 
from Apple Pharmaceullcal POBox 158O-S28 
Shingle Springs, CA 95682 Calalog Sheel plus 
samples- $1 SH (4/ 13) 

RJC-Apparemment IU a un copaln. Je n'elals pas 
sur a ce propos C'est bien. Je vous souhalte 
beaucoup de banheur. Peul·elre un JOur on se 
conn3l1ra m,eux, Sl lu Ie veuX. En allendam ce 
lour. J'ecouleral de la mUSIC que tu aime. 
P,ends solns (3/ 91 

LeI's do lunch al Ihe All Campus Commuter 
Board 's BBO loday In lronl of Pelerson Hall. al 
MOM. and on Ihe Plaza 1 I 30· 1 30 pm I 50¢ 
burgers, 6Q¢ Cheeseburgers, 25¢ sodas"(3 / 9) 

Hey Paul Puma You beller get Rudy psyched 
lor tonlghl or you'll be In big trouble In lillie China, 
you hungry hungry hlppol I'll give lumps 9 limes 
and play hellcopler 1111 you lIyl I love you (3/ 9) 

UCSD Lacrosse Men are looking GREATII Help 
us cheer them 10 vlclory today The Boosl-
ers(3 / 9) 

The Price Cenler 5K Run Sunday, April 231 
$7 -Sludentsl T ' Shlrt, food, funl Laurel @ 534· 
4037 (3/13) 

Revelle Commulers 1M S'89 sport SIgn ups are 
In commuler lounge. We'll do Ihe resI.(3/ 9) 

S 'Can'l wa,llo lake you 10 Ihe zoo and bring oul 
Ihe animal In you! A. (3/ 13) 

WANTED 41 people We' II pay you 10 lose uplO 
251bs In Ihe nexl 30 days! 100% nalural. 100% 
guaranteed. Dr Recommended. Call : Kahe 565· 
8896 (4 / 17) 

To Ihe friendly Third COllege Junior who was 
SludYlng nea, the Munch Bo. Monday night. I 
am gOing skIIng Ihls weekend, and would love 
for you 10 come along. Please call Bob al 
558-8042 

KT - Don'l envy Ihe drinkers too much. ThaI's 
alllhey'lI ever be qualilled 10 do - alleasl you're 

bu~dlng your fulure - Ape 

Suuz- Whal do you do Wllh 251bS. of pol aloes 
·Ihrowa dinner party? Then again .. I can Ihlnk 
of a reason nol 10 Beller walch out for Ihose 
monslers (messy and parking loti) 

E.." authMk IrdM cuIIInI In. ,*ing .......... " 1I1IonNI1lmO~ 
and .......... cII*'8 overlooNng ......... Co. 

"Winner/Soutlllfn c.I&IbmIa Restaurant""'*-'~ Award." 
" ~lIen! rood and servlcfl" 

Spring Break at Home 
UXURY SPA RENTALS 

Rllmola Mllhajani 
Corporate ~er. Taj Group of Hotels, BombIy. IndIa 
Specializing In Tandoori (, vegetarian dishes, 

mild to hot spicy curries (, delicious Blryanies. 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch I 1.30- 2:30 
Dinner 5.00 - 9:30 

71shoJQ 
C(JISIN OF INDIA 

ReS(>rvations 454·6263 
Moderate Price All major credit 

cards are accepted 

8008 Girard Avenue, La Jolla 
(2nd Poor comer of lower Girard and ProIpect St.) 

r-----------------------, : 200(. OFF ;;O:V~!~S~~~~ULTY : I Ie, A ND TA FF'" I 
I °F\ ell 'DIM, fRI., S.4 I , 5 1' \' & 1101 IJ>A rs I 
I P/rOSf I"(!lenl l'OU/HIII ,U,t'" lJrderlll~ I 

~-----------------______ I 

We RENT Ie spas 

• 2-4 p ... rson spa 
• 4-6 pt' r on spas 
. 6-8 p<'r on "Parry Spa" 

From 
$99 

per day 

FREE 
delivery & set up 

Drmned. deant·d & 
Sa nHl !eJ af(er t'vt'ry USe FILLED. HOT & 

READY TO USE! INDOOR/ O U TDOOR 
Top of the .linl· in po rtabl .. spas , 

100% filtration system. back massage pmva jet 
Living room, patio, backyard - wherewr the fun is! 

"Put some roman ce in YOUT life w ith a spa [Tom 
LUXURY SPA RENTALS" 

Fro m ' an Dlq(o From or(h o uncy 
575- 900 943-1900 



16 Thursdal', March 9, 1989 

B 'A S K E~B ALL 

'UCSD CUP' 
Intramural SoccBr 
Finals Sunday, March 12th 

MEN'SlAA 
4 pm Northwest Field 

MEN'SlA 
2 45 pm Northwest Field 

MEN'SA 
t '30 pm NorthweSI Field 

COEDAAI 
12: I S pm Nort hwest Field 

COED AI 
II am Northwesl Field 

COED A 
II am Northeast Field 

WOMEN 
t '30 pm Northeasl Fletd 

ened Other D,v,s,onal winners 
Included Men s A (above 500) 
Franks II 14 The Mound 13' 
Coed (above 500) Mickey Hatch-
er Fan Club 8, Insane Dlegos 6, 
Below 500 c hampions Men's 
AA - Smoke 'Em, Men's A - Big 
Squeeze's and Jack Coed -
Hell 's Ecologists 

BudMan's 1M Basketball. -Stars 
Sandweisses 

dominate annual 
Women's Doubles 

Yo u can call thiS year s 
Women's VOlleyba ll Doubles tour· 
nament a " family altalf " The 
team at Rachel and Rulh Sand· 
weiss were the Winners of the 
tournament These Iwo MUif sen· 
IOrs nol only won the tournament 
they totally dominated It The 
scores for the three games they 
won were 15- 1, 156and t5-2 1n 
the IInal . That s pretty ImpreSSive 

Look for these two to move up 
10 the Womens Pro VOlleyba ll 
league next year when they 
graduate 

Ferre blast sends 
Siamhole to title 

Hawaiian Football 

T he I.M , Basketball season draws to a close this Sun-day with our champion-
ship ballgames on the main courl. 
It 's been the most exciting season 
in recent memory with hundreds 
of great pia s and fantast ic fin -
ishes. Now it's time to honor the 
players who stood out this season 

'Vacheron Swallows' as the best at their position. It was 
tough to pick out the cream of the finally doesn 't crop at every po ition because 

It was billed as the 14th annual there is so much talent here at 
Hula Bowl game, the longest UCSD, I took into consideration 
running HawaIIan Football tradl - not ont y statistical performance, 
t,on thiS side of Wa,k,k, And but teader hip. performance un-
when the dusl settled (MUif field der prrssure. and abitity to exhibit 
was as hard as volcanic rOCk the spirit of Intramurats, Here is 
Ihal day), a team that advertises the first annuat Basketbalt AIt-
Ihat II does didn't -and walked Star team: 
off With the Hula Bowl trophy, POINT GUARD: Lindll R oss, 

Va chelon Swallo ws led by ROtICM's Cre .... We are familiar 
the Indomitable Henry "I Bang with this punky junior's athletic 
Em, Ihen Hang Em" Chang, abi l ity and she brought that ath-
finally failed to live up to Its pre- leticism to the hardwood this past 
season billing They thoughl season. ot only does she bring 

They used to kid him about hiS the{d choke In the big one, bul the bait upcoun and dish off like 
muscles when he played for the for some reason they didn't, and Magic Johnson, but she averaged 
Tnton baseball team a few years proceeded to eke out a 48-46 more points a game than Michael 
back, bul Thad Ferre knew that defenSive struggle over Stiff Jordan. She leads her team into 
one day he'd take one to the Rlc hord. the Coed AA semifinals tonight 
bridge It was inevitable, I mean The big chOker Instead was and should carry them to the 
Thad had dreamt that dream none other than Andy "Popgun" championship Sunday, The best 
about a million times before Only Greene On the dead run, With part of her game though is her 
thiS lime. It was for real the game hanging In Ihe bal- attitude. She loves to play and 

Paced by Ferre's two·run dong ance, Greene pathetically under- never has a bad word to say about 
10 the 'lfst InnlOg, hiS flfst career threw a Wide-open receiver that anyone, Therearea tot oftalented 
home run anywhere (T -ball, !..It · would have won II tor the Sliffs. point guards. but none are as fun 
tie Leagu Babe Rulh, high Speedy Rob Wester and Scott to watch as this superstar. 
school, C varSity), Siomhole 'I Love to Throw like Billy S H OOTING GUA RD: G,~, 
got 0 the gate early and Kilmer " Berndes hooked up Oliva. SNn Blinks L~ItlCy. This 
crUIS Men's AA Wlnler repeatedly to pace the Vacheron long distance bomber can spread 
O F}€' tbalilitlewith a 10· attack. out a zone defense better than 
5 w er k to VegO$. In the Jr Hula Bowl , Sammle$ anyone, There is no limit to his 

110 .. n 5 straight games put up the big pOints all day With range and his coach has given 
~e· eek lournament a solid 70·56 thum_.:.p ... ln,:g.,O.f=t:-h_e.....,"J_~:ji;~~ii 

ver senously threat · Kettle Chlp$. 

him the green light to start firing 
a soonashegetsoutofhiscarin 
the parking lot , Greg's altitude is 
when you get 3 points for maki ng 
a 25-footer, why shoot layups? 
Unfortunatety he wasnl surround-
ed by much talent this season 
which made for some lopsided 
games, but that didn' stop Greg 
from teading 5- 10 in 3-po int 
shooting. 
SMALL FORWA R D: Andy 
Wills/tiff, IIBF's/ Nook Nook. 
This versati le 6'7" workhor e is 
arguably the be t player at UCSD. 
He made the successful transi tion 
this season up to intramural action 
from the Intercollegiate team, His 
outstanding tatent allows him to 
play either inside or outside. He 
ca n spend all game in the paint 
banging on the boards. posting 
up his defender or blocking shots, 
and then move outside and drain 
a 20-footer to win a game, His 
versatility makes him the perfect 
small forward. 
POWER FOR WA R D; Russ 
BOilS, EI." R evenle. The best 
power forward is a team's blue 
collar player. He comes to the 
gym with a lunch pail and hard-

hat and doe his job downl 
where it gets down and dirty, . or _ 
years now Russ has been hoi 8 .... 
his ground against anyone w " 
wanted to step into his workshep, ...... 
He gi ves it all he's got for 40 lhin-
utes and then hears the quillin 
belt and calls i ta day, Russ 's con-
tributions are one of the reasons 
Elders is undefeated through 
league play and headed for a shot 
at the title. 
CENTER; Muley S/~enmelr. 
PumphollSe Gllnl / Runnln The 
Hoop. The add i tion of Mecky to 
the roster of both these teams has 
put th e m at the top of 
Women's and Coed respectively. 
She owns the paint when she 
plays, Opponents think twice 
before they get in Mecky's kit-
chen, She can really turn up the 
heat in the pressure situations 
and loves a close game, Her lead-
ership style makes her teammates 
play even harder. and has pro-
pelled both teams into the semi-
finals- with an eye on champ-
ionship Sunday, No one has been 
able to stop her th is season and 
she could easily be a dou ble 
champion on Sunday. 

Championship Schedule 
Sunday, March 13 

Coed A-I 2 noon; Coed AI - 1 lint; WOnt •• •• -
211m; M.n·. 5-10 - 3:15 11m; M.n·. A - 4:30 

11m; M.n'. AA - 5:45 lint; M •• ·• AAA - 7 11m. 

All games will be played in the Main Gym on the 
Main Court. 

-~~~ 1M I.M. Team Bowling pIaroIIlIart IhII Sunday, Maid! 121h. at 9 pm. at !he ClalremoniBowI. Some 35 quail!-
era wtl l rolklft far a chance 10 ~ lie 1M Anal Four on Tueectay ~ng. I you need 
to -wy your IIoIuI tor !hll WMk'1 .-.t. pIeoIe coil ConyomWw lKreallon (~7) 
!hl$ ofI8moon far corllrrnatlon, 

IKI L·R 0 ... "No No .... R .... b" .. fllill "The Entor.,," Mlhou, Jolin "'uld," 
Clltll, Bllf "Th. lou" .... brldg .. N .. r, "MIII.d Ag.lo" Pllllo,ll. FrlOt L·R: TIM 
"Wish You W." H ..... LoIlol , D ••• "loth. Box" Amyo, Stltt ' Thl M.o" Z.tr ••. Todd 
"SI.p 00 It" CI.,lo •. 

MEN WID HAT TRICKS 
ThiS perennial men', AA Floor Hockey po" er, led by the 

outstand ing play of goa lie M ike Maheu. defeated the 
alwasy tough JOE PARTY M I X #6 by a ,core of 6-2, I his 
clu tch victory gave ME W IO HAT TRI CKS a 2-2- 1 
record on the season. and more Impon ant ly earned them a 
Spot In the playoffs , 

Congratutatlons, guys This Bud ' For You! 

BUDMAN'S FEARLESS PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS 
T/';AM REX. ODDS COMMENTS 
/I1EN'S AAA 
t FLOOR WAX !i-O Why play It? 
2 CLOACA BREATH 4·1 to·l Lellitlin has to be a Gretzky 
3 MPU 2-2 t 25 t Not enough players 
4 WE Ri: ALL AT THE E-BAR 2·3 50- t Stay there and dnnk a few more Buds 
5 MY BROTHER HAS HEPATITIS 5·0 500-1 Two and out

' 

/I1EN'S AA 
1 WE HAVE LONG STICKS 5·0 2-1 Undefeated and Will plObably stay thai way 
2 ALL PUCKED UP 3- t· l 3- t Won a veoy tough league 
3 BARNEY WEARS THE BUTTLID 50 ~- 1 'A competition won't hun these nngels 
4 DOLEN STICKS 2·1·2 10·1 May need a dozen goals With lhelf defense 
5 HOCKEY OOCTORS 3·1 1 13· t No offense Will be thelf doom 
6 BRAOLEY S BASTARDS 3,1-1 15· t If only you could usc your leet, guys 
7 PUCKING QUAYLE 3-1-1 16 t Bush leaguers 
8 SWEET MOOSE S REVENGE 50 25- 1 Injuries Spell 'no chance' 
UEN'SA 
1 RIGHT WING DEATH SQUAD 3-1 I l · t How can they lose? 
2 LONG STICKS READY·PUCKED 3·1 I 3-2 Won lough league 
3 JUST PUCKING AROLIND 4 01 2 t Won weak league 
4 TWICE AS NICE ON ICE 3-1 3- t BudMan S pick-Poooooooood 
5 PACKING YOUR FUDGE W I STICKS 3· 1 t 4· t Could win through the backdoor 
6 BETA PARTICLES 3-1 I 6-1 Have talent to win It 
7 STICK MY CREASE 3· 1-1 9- 1 Up to Tegan must cover weak goaltendlng 
81M USEoLESS 3·2 100· 1 Worst team eve. to win a league hlle 
WOMEN AA 
t CONSISTENTLY UNPREDICTABLE 4-0 I 2-7 w,n Win but closer 
2 WE KNOW THE POSiTIONS 4·0· 1 4- t Could surp"se 
WO/l1EN'S A 

BIOHAZARDS 2-2· 1 2· t Goal lending good- nol much offense 
::z,1-iQPEFUL MONSTERS 2-12 5·2 Won t tie Biohazards thiS hme 
3 BUTT COLD 2·3 6- t Could heal up 

The Bud P. , . II • p.ld .dvertilln, 
, • • Iure of Co •• 1 Dlllrlltutll' l , 



mAH IOG 

W 

• The 1989 UC D Cha m ber 
MUSIC l' rI eS contin ue on Friday 
M arch 10 with the per formance 
of the Car m ina St ri n g 
Q u a r tet . Thl young group has 
established Itself as one of 
Europe's prem lerl' string ens.:m-
bl.:s. Thl'ir performance of 

5 CARALARMS 
-

-

-

-

-= 
-

= ::::: 

AUTOPAGE 
ENFORCER 

CODE ALARM 

= = «Just lock ing your 
= 
- car isn 't enough" ~ Kennedy Auto 
=: Electric :::::: 
;; 565-6145 
-

== S; 
-
= 
== 

4855 Ruffner St. 
Son D iego, CA 92111 

i ENVIRONMENTAL -
JOBS ! I 

-I 
-I 
-

Are ~ ou lookIng for an _ 
cn\Ironmcntal job Ihl; ~ car" I 
We have 0\ cr .100 paId full-

lIme po,ition; e\cr~ ~ear. l he I 
CEIP Fund, Inc. (a natIonal 

I cn\ Iron mental ca ree r, orgdni7ation) ,\ on campu, i toda ) . All major, \\'clcomc. 
-I 
-

_ Thursda), March 9 I 
-I Careers Sen ices Center I Conference Room 

-I at I p.m., 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. -
_ The ( 1:.1 P r uml. 5/J S('nmd I 
~.~~~/C~ 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleOSIS Within 
the last month 7 If so your 

plasma could make a 
va luable contribution to 

the medical Industry. and 
earn you S50 dt the same 

time. For additional 

I detaol' call M,. Vawter at 
Essential Biologics. 

226-1733. 

Don't Let 
Academic Hassles 
Ruin Your Life! 

Clime 10 Ihe Student Ad,ocalt 
Offi ct lor help "lIh 
• GRADE A" PEA I.S 
• FINA N('IAI. AID 
• DISCRIM l jl.ATION 
• HAHASSMENT 
• HOl'S! G 
• STI 'DENT RI GIITS 

Tlw Student Ad_ocate ( all 0< /1\(·11 
'l.' p".'WIII I tJur I UH' to lilt' 
LIII\ 'enllr ' Or. JU\t (ome in 101 
.ome good effe( ",.~ ad' 'c" "hnUI 
lhe,e and man) olher proolcm, 
Our offIce I' up,la'l> at Ihe 
'>Iudcn! ('cnter dilll) OIl,"C hour-
arc "\.!llable. Or call u, al 
5J4-4450 We'll' there to heir' 

v f 

sclccted Haydn , Bcc,thoVt'n and 
Rawl compo Itions will bc at tilt' 
Mandeville Cente r Audito-
rium at p .m. TIckers arc $ 1 
(or gc'nt'ral admis.lon and $9 tor 
studt'nr . 

• The La Jolla C hamber 
M u sic ocie ty wIll prest'nt tht' 
London , ymphon y O rch es-
t ra , Icd by one of the world's 
grt'a tcst conductor , M ich ael 
Tilson T h omas, on Thursday, 
March 16 at 8 p.m. in the C ivic 
T h ea tre . Tickt' ts and infor ma-
tion art' avaIlable through the La 
Jolla Chamba Musi Socidy 
box offlCl' at 459-372 . 
• The Blas ters return to the 
Belly U p tonight at 9 p. m . with 
guests La:ty Lester and Loaded 
Dice. On Friday, expect (0 t'c 
tht' rousmg Rebel Rockers hit 
the stage at 9:30 p .m . Saturday 
will bring Little Charlie and 
the Nightcats out on the prowl 
at 9:30 p .m . with guests the 
Forbidden Pigs. AnJ unday 
marks the arrival of T h e Eclec-
tics featuring D ennis Quaid 
and a host of other at 9 p. m. 

• Karyn White pt'rform 
tonight at 8:30 at the Bac-
chanal. For the rest of the wet'k, 
the Bacchanal hosts: Ronnie 
Milsap on Friday, March La at 
7 and 10:30 p .m.; Stanley Jor-
dan on atu rday at the arne 
time; Marshall Tuck er o n 
Match 12 at 8:30 p .m .; Robin 
T rower on March 13 at 8:30 
p .m.; As leep At The Wheel 
o n March 14 at 6 and 9:30 p.m.; 
Dream Patrol o n March 15 at 
8:30 p.m .; and Jeff H ealey o n 
March 16 also at 8 :30 p. m. 

• The Re u ben H . Fleet Space 
Theatre m Balboa Park will 
p resent its new O MNIMAX (11m 
enritled "To The Limit" for tht' 

H~iUS musIc iAMB DUll 
What lwttl'r way is th(' rc' to begin pr ing vacatio n than to entt' r 

thc' musIc quiz ~ nd wi n an albu m? can your mtnd fo r thost' tri vial 
tidbi ts and try to an Wl'r this week' questio ns. If you are corn~ct , 
you could wi n a fr('e record of your cho ic('. Tht' pt'rso n who wins 
the mo ·t quizzes will rt'ceiw an ho ur of pe rsonalizl'd radio time at 
K DT! ubmlt your answers to the GuarJian offi ce by the Mon-
day alter Th ursday'S paper, lIiong with yo ur nam~ and telepho ne 
numba. 

o ngra tulatlo n to last wt'ck 's winna, ValJ n e T ihan yi. 

Th(' Quiz 
I. W hat IS th~ Kinks ' song " Lola" abo ut! 
2. O n Pin k Floyd's album The Wall, what phrase link s the 

t'nd of the album wi th the begin nIng, forming a cyeld 
3. In Don McLean'S song " America n Pie ," what is he refer-

rtng to when hc' saId ..... the d ay thc' music dIed!" 
4. On Big AudIO Dynamite'S alb um, Th IS Is B.A.D., what is 
th~ song" tone Tham.:s" about! 

5. Who SIn!,S backup vo.:a ls on Dire Strait's song " Mo ney 
For orhlng"! 

Answ.:Ts to last wet'ks Quiz: 
I . Michelle Shocked 
2. T he Runaways 
3. Th~ tooges 
4. A Nl'W Age jazz group previously had the name 
5. That Pc trol EmotIo n 
6. T hl' Soft Boys 

firs t time thi Sa turday , March 
11. This ul1lquc fil m will bring 
the viewer inside the human 
hody. Call 238- 1233 fo r sho w-
tImes and admission pri es. 

• Performing at the Spirie 
tontght IS A wful T ruth, Milk 
Car ton C hildren , Epitaph and 
Left Coast . L.A . recording 
artists D in osaur Jr. appear o n 
Friday, March 10 with special 
guests Elv is C hrist , Dum DUIl1 
Boys, Rampage and Rude 
Neighbors. And o n Saturday, 
March 11 , Amoeba will be 
joined by Eleventh Dream 
Day, N ight Soil Man, Nimbus 

Obi, The Pumps and The 
Twigs. Fo r further information 
call 276-3993. 

• Robert Israel: A Decade of 
Theatre Design will be o n di s-
play from March 11 through 
Aprtl 9 in UCSD's Mande ville 
Gallery. 111is exhibit is a survey 
of drawing, photographs, blue-
prints and costumes designed by 
lsrael, a U C SD faculty member. 
Gallery ho urs are Tuesday-
Sunday, 12 noon to 5 p .m . Free 
Admission. 
• Completing the New Writ-
ing Series readings for the W in-
ter quarter is Robert Gluck o n 
March 15 at 4:30 in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. Admission is 
Free. For more information call 
534-2533. 
• Finishing off the exhibition 
schedu le this quarter for the 
Mandeville Annex Gallery is 
J, Konnofsky with a 
Collaboration-Grad Show 
run ni ng through Friday, March 
10 and Tammy Pollard &. 
Marlene Noble fro m March 
13-17. 

~ompiled by donovan p, roche 

UC SANTA CRUZ 
SUMMER SESSION 

Session I June 26-July 28. 1989 
Session II July 31-Sept. 1. 1989 

Live and s tudy amid towerrng redwoods, earn transfera ble 
UC credits Free catalog available 

Call: (408) 429-2524; Write: UCSC Summer 
Session. 107 Classroom Unit, Santa Cruz, CA 
95064. 

SUMMER LANGUAGE 
INSTITUTE 
June 26-Aug. 18. 1989 

A full year of language Instruction In eight weeks Earn 
transfera ble University of California credits. Ara biC, 
Chinese, Frenc h, German, Japanese, RUSSian. Spanish. 

For Information: 
Call (408) 429-2525; 
Write: Summer Language 
Institute, UCSC Summer Session. 
107 Classroom Unit. Santa Cruz 
CA 95064. 

2 ~IRrus mRRC~ q 1999 

--'city • • • 

TALKING IlIAD. 
U2 • till CUltI •• IM 
DlPlCIII MODI 
101 ''''nI1AN1 • DC 
OINOOMINOO 

............. n 

o 

Hm ~O IIOR 
~mln~ youmm 

Rmc lRlf RRIS [OIiOR 
CynllllR CRmp9fll 

R~SI~IRnr Rm [OIIORS 
PRrry J£III[ 

oonOVRn P ROCHl 

muSIC [OIIOH 
lHRHY WflnlRRUB 

o S[nIOH SlHfJ WHII[H 0 
SASCHH OGlnl 

ISRBHlf llHRnYI 
Of SIGn ConSUlfRnl 

mlHf mRHJlnU 
Com Of SIGn 
IIR mUnDAY 

o Sim WHII [RS 0 
mARCI AHonOVllI 

HRIHUH m 
l AUHH BHHfH 
PAm COOllY 

Jim GRRY 
CHRISllnR HUIIRR 

JOHn HfHRnfY 
lAURR HnRPp 
JUf lAmam 

PHil mmovfRO 
mlHf mRHllnfl 

lHRH mlHRIR 
nAnCY munlnfR 

RICH RHOO[S 
JUUf mnm 
mn SUIUHI 
orB [ younG 

~I~rus IS PUSUSHIO IVIA9 IHUqSO~M 01 
INI ACAnlml[ MIRA AS A SUPPI!m!nr 10 
IN! um GUR DlRn AiPROOUCllon OR 
Usl or AnM PORI Ion 01 IHls mllon WIIH 
OUI WA'llln PIRmlSSlOn IS PROHISIIiO 
WI W!l[omi unlOIlClllO lfll[Rs. mAnU 
ICRIPIS AnD ARII1IORH . nUl Alluml no 
AISPOnS:SIIIIM lOR IHIIA A{rUAn 
VOlUmf 21 num9fR 10 

.. :'. ~ .... ...... 
...... "' .......... .. 

.... .. .... 

....... .. .... 

". 

XTC Revealed 
by sascha ogint 

hiatus senio r staff writer ( (T he more wc lo okt:d at the songs the more they seem ed like 
nu rse ry rhymes them selves ," said Andy Partridge of XTC. 
" That's what wc'rc peddling really. Today's pop tunes arc 

the nursery rhymes of the fu ture ." There is no better way to d escribc 
XTC's ninth album, Oran,lles and Lemons (released Feb. 28, 1989 o n 
Geffen Re ords). 

Like chiklrcn 's nurscry r hymes, ngs arc full of whimsy and pep, 
with sa tire and politica l o pi n ' epin~ r ough . " If the whole wo rld's 
going to listen fo r an got 3pbo x. Yo u don't pass it up. 
Say what you want t arc about us and how Wc' fee l, 
about mo ney, Sc' X, our 0 s. Tho \lgh we d o di sgui se them a bit 
beca use it's J iffi ult to t' tark naked . W e put o n the occasIo nal fIg 
leaf, " Partridge said . 

Oran,l!es unJ LL,llons is so r ich in its powers of expre io n of the 
human conditio n that it's be yo nd d escrt ption. l am tempted to print the 
lyri cs to o ne o f the songs. But then I wo uldn ' t bc' ahle to de ide whi h 
song o n the two-record album to . ho ose , as there are so man y 
outstanding o nes. In any case, the lyrics are o nly a part of the 
expertence; it would no t be complete in any sense. 

I must simply say that Andy Partridge is an acutely wise and se ns itive 
songwriter, whose positive vis io n s hines brightly th rougho ut this 
album. XTC has progressed far s ince their last album kylark in,l!. The 
songs are sti ll honest, but in a more creative, satisfying w·ay. The music is 
o sweet and so true. It's o ne of those albums that you can never hear 

enough of. 

XTC's larest album , Oranges and Lemons 

by deb e. young 
h iatus writer 

The line dividing art and li fe ca n 
be vague, at tim es im perceptible. 
Artists have a heightened appreci-
ati on fo r natural aesthetICS, craft-
ing their fantasies upo n that which 
in life they find pro fo und . On the 
o ther hand, those we call insane 
are so t' n tangled in th e wo rkings 
o f their o wn psyches that they 
remo Vt: themselve fro m th eir 
ac tions. In a sense , their actual life 
experience becomes a crea tive end 
unto itse lf. 

The Business of Murder, which 
plays at the Gaslamp Quarter 
Th eatre thr o ugh April 15 , 
attempts to explore this hazy area 
where life and art mix. Mr. Stone, 
a middle-aged, mi ddle-c lass and 
o therwise average indi vidual, 
seeks rctribution for an injustice 
in his past . Thro ugh the method 
of murde r he d ecides to rec tify the 
situatio n. The questi on, ho wever , 
that remains throughout the play 

RMINA 
STRING QUARTET 

is who is m urdered and why . 
Sto ne IS the port raIt of a man 

obsessed with the art or "busi ness" 
of murdcr . The body of the p lay 
o utlines his tedio us cheme for 
revenge, which requires tht' Intro-
d uction of two addItio nal players: 
Hall('tt, a sel f-a bsorbed, demand-
in!l macho-cop, and Dee Redman , 
a neurotic wo man who WrItes 
cheesy television "horro r-Jramas." 

These three chara ters crea te 
the scenc for an unusual type o f 
' who dunit.' It is no t completely 
o bvious whether a murder is actu-
ally committed o r if it is o nly the 
philosophy of murder whIch is 
being tossed around. . 

" Murder" takes a second hil-
ling to "business" in The BUSIness 
of MurdL.'T, as the play' chief focus 
is o n the intra personal dynam ICs 
o f its characters. W e watch as t he 
characters spin an inSIdIOUS web 
of decei t in which each tries des-
perately to sray one step ahead of 
the next. Eventuall y theIr relatI ve 
sanity ends up in q uestion. 

The Bus mess of MurdL'T butlJs 
some dcgree of suspense as Stone 
compulsively t r ie to form the 
tangible events of his life into 
some melodramatic work of art. 
The plot it elf twi ts and turns its 
way to a surprIsIng finish. Overall , 
however , the play does not com-
pletely captivate the audience. 

Rather than taking advantage of 
live stage energy, the play seems 
li mited by its static arena. The 
act ion fal ters in its attempt to 
upply that vicarious rush of antici-

patory adrenaline. I watched as 
the audience sa t comfo rtably back, 
appa rently not sufficie ntl y spe ll -
bound to be perched o n the euge 
of their seats. 

[f lIve theatre is your cup of tea, 
though. and you p refer a ro u!lh 
stag.: pe rforma nce to the two-
dimenSIonal rendition of real ity 
offe red on the silver screen, by all 
m .. ans go see The Bus mess of 
MurJL'T. It docs offer some crysta l-
lInt' moments, and a good n igh t 
of entertainment . 

Haydn: Quartet in G Major, Op.76, No.1 
Beethoven: Quartet in F Major, Op.135 
Ravel: Quartet in F Major 

March 10, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 8 PM 
UCSD GYM 

G.A. $15.00, UCSD St. $9.00 
UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

ALSO ON SALE: 
I-+-~ 3- , 6 - R.E.M. - SAN DIEGO SPORTS ARENA 

___ Presented by UCSD University Events & Student ActivHies-.. 

. H' t< • I :, '11 ~ I" H' l, q f\ I) 
I I \ , ,,' 



. --

N ISY ROOMATES! 
DOGS BARKING! 

NEIGHBOR'S TV TOO LOUD! 

Need a quiet p lace t o st udy? 

The ASUCSD is sponsoring: 
EXTENDED LIBRARY HOURS 

at the undergraduate Library 
in the South Study Room 

EXTENDED HOURS WILL BE: 
12:00 Midnight to 3:00 a.m. 

Sunday, March 12th 
through 

Tuesday, March 21 st 
This service was specifically designed for 
students in need of a quiet study space! 

Yellow Brick Road 
Family Amusement Centre 

4 FREE GAME TOKENS 

P 
M 

With thls coupon ExpIres 3/13/89 1 per customer per day 

University Towne Center 
4545 La JoUa Village Dr. 

San Diego, CA 92122 

R E 
E 

C 
T 

i 

10 
T 

U 
L 

S 
E 

f 

The 
New 

Album 

, 

·.cQPA1) 
Watch For Hugo Largo's 

Upcoming U.S. Tour 

.... ~ ..... MIijIN.AM TO MIDNIGHT • 365 DAYS A YlAI 

EL CAJON I SPORTS ARENA I 796 Fletcher ~ 3601 Spona At.w Blvd. 
ac:rou 110m ~ PIeZII w.o.-x: 
-- to _ TO to _ 3393 Kamper Sl. 

... NEII ~ ~ VIDEO UI.D' BTALI! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI CIIjon Blvd. 

nut to Art St. Post Off. 

Du Berry's Scenes of San Diego 
by christina huizar 

hiatus writer 

The room i mall but full. The 
gla wall - make the room appear 
paciou . A I walk into the 

brightl Itt fl m, I notice the 
dillminated canva e hanging 
m the air. I walk around the maze 
tructure, stopping for a few 

moment to notice the colors a t 
on the canva , the stroke tech-
nique, and the feeling it po se e . 
As I move from one Ide of the 
maze to the other, the tone 
change . Although all the ame 
51:1.' of anva, there is a definitl' 
change. The I.' are Marie Du 
Berry'. pamtlngs and they are 
pre entl on di pIa at the Grove 
Gallery until March 1 . 

Mane Du Berry, a native an 
Diegan, bri ng to U D her ene 
of an Dieg . Du Berry painted 
outdoor s enes of an Dieg from 
the early 1920s through the 1940s. 
At a time whln San Diego was till 
young, he aptured the image 
and feeling ot early an Diego on 
canvas. Her pa ion for painting 
led her to the hill , field , and 
bea he around an Diego Collnty. 

he ha painted Mi ion Valley 's 
eque trian arena, gravel works, 
beach cenes of La Jolla and ean 
Beach , fishing boats In an Diego 
Harb r, and grove of eucalyptuses 
and palms in Balboa Park . 

Du Berry, now in her ninetie , 
wa raised on an Idaho farm. he 
came to an Diego as a young 
woman to tudy art under tto 

hnelljer at the now-defunct an 
Diego Academy of Fine Arts. It I 
here, in an Diego, that her talent 

A FUNTIME 
bargain awaits you in Baja 
California at the world -
famous Rosarito Beach 
Hotel (only Y< hour drive 
south of TIJuana, Mexico). 
DanCing. SWimming. TenniS. 
Racquetball Courts Fully 
EqUipped Gym & Sauna. 
and our Hotel 's many fine 
facilities. 

Inquire about our mid-week 
Special Prices! 

Call your travel agenl or dial direct 
(706) 612-1106 or 1126 

or wnte our U S mailing address 
P.O. Box 145 San Ysidro. CA 92073 

pr uted and flourished into what 
can be een on display at the 
Grove Gallery. 

The colors are bright and 
vibrant. Blues, greens and yellows 
make up the work Landscape. The 
olors are dotted onto the anvas, 

long stroke move aero in a 
circular motion . The tyle re em-
bles the works of Van Gogh, the 
abstraction apparent, but clear. 

I move to another corner of the 
maze gallery. The mall white mat 
under the frame reads , Unticlcd 
193!. The .... ai nting i dark and 
grey. Hint of browns and green 
rome into play at part . The feeling 
of the painting is that of a grey, 
gloomy day, cold and har h. The 
actual painting is an industrial 
factory with mall factory workers 
In the foreground. 

Wyatt Rosenla l/ Guardw/1 

There is a re urring theme 
throughout the painting of in-
dustrialism. Du Berry u es the 
"arne dark color, giving off the 
same, but slightly altered, gloomy 
feeling. She painted a different 
factory each time, but they all 
create a similar m d. 

The painting hanging on the 
partition in the air is olorful and 
full of energy. The trees and ferns 
in the painting eem monstrous 
yet gentle. They are full of 
greenery, and a real quality of 
fre hness. Mo t of the garJen 
landscapes are reali tic and scaled. 
There are a few though, which 
way toward a more abstract 

notion. Perhaps the green image 
in the foreground i a leaf, a 
tree, a hrub, or maybe It is much 
more. The painting is not as 
obvious, and it is exciting because 
it challenge the observer to look 
Jeep into the colors, strokes, and 
shapes cast onto the canva . These 
few paintings are the mo t power-
ful of Du Berry's work and di play 
her passion for, and skill at, 
painting. 

As I find my way out of the 
maze, towards the exit, I pass 
some more untitled works. I keep 
walking to a painting of a large 
fern in Balboa Park . I pend a few 
moments looking, searching the 
canvas for the fee ling it hold . It is 
a bright, colorful piece of work . 
As I walk out of the gallery past all 
of the people standing in line to 
buy afe mo ha and doub le 
cappucci no, their face blank 

Wyatt Rosenlal /Guardia/1 and lifeless, I smile. 

1989 Summer 
Pre-Law Program 

June 12 - July 14 
• 5-Week Program for Undergraduates 

on a La w School Campus 
• 3 Classes - 6 UOP Undergraduate Credits 
• Optional Guidance Se~jons on 

Law School Applications, Financial Aid, 
Career Development, Writing Skills, and LSAT 

• On-Campus Housing Available 

McGeorge School of Law 
University of the Pacific 
For InformllliCmllI Mtllerillls, Wrile To: 
Summer Pre-Law Program • VOP MtCeorge School of Law 

i¥' 3200 Fifth Avenue • Sacramento, CA 95817 • (916) 739-7105 4.:~ 

I lilY' '( ( 

• .- .-, : 1,.< .- J 1 ,- j 


