
Inside ... 
OPINION 
FEATURES 
HIATUS 
SPORTS 

HIATUS 

H1 

FEATURES 
Students And The -
Quarter System 8 

SPORTS 
W. V-Iall leats 
#2 La Verne 10 

I ' I. I 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

John OuranliGuardian 
One UCSD student stops to investigate the remains of the 
annual pumpkin drop. The event was held at Muir College 
on Tuesday. 

Unlocked Door Leads 
To Assauli ~On Student 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

''There's nothing to indicate that 
[there] was an on-going situation 
with [the victim]; that he singled 
her out because of who she was," 
Jones said. 

See ASSAULT, page 7 

VOLUME 68, #13 THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1989 

UCSD Engineering Researchers 
Return From Nimitz Collapse Site 
By SETH SLATER 
Editor In Chief 

UCSD researchers have re-
turned from the Bay Area with 
their structural analysis of the 
Nimitz Freeway collapse whit" 
occurred during lutm D ~ 
quake. 

111 

sign in Sacramento, 
researchers from UCSO· 
quake laboratory "basically de-
scribed the failure modes" of the 
Nimitz, according to UCSD engi-
neering Professor Nigel Priestley. 

The researchers based their re-
port on recent visits and on ongo-
ing analyses of the collapsed 
double-decked freeway "bridge." 

Priestley said the Bay Area 
research was conducted by mem-
bers ofUCSO' s Charles Lee Powell 
Structural Systems Laboratory as 
part of its $700,000 research con-
tract with Caltrans for developing 
and testing experimental tech-
niques for retrofitting, or reinforc-
ing, bridge columns. 

According to Priestley, the 
bridge's structural flaw "was not 
so much in the columns as in the 
joints between the beams which 
support the bridge and the col-
umns." 

Priestly added that joint rein-
forcement presents engineers with 
"quite a difficult task" in terms of 
prioritizing which bridges are most 
in need of retrofitting. 

"Caltrans has something like 
200,000 bridges," he said, and as-

sessing their structural ability to 
withstand earthquakes involves 
often-complicated studies of re-
gional seismicity, traffic flow, and 
past performance under quake 
conditions. 

Priestley went on to say that 
CaltralS has been conducting such 
s~ to ... t~4J now. 

...... ~O ~, 
otiIlM)" technoIbaY, ramer than 
nesJi,ence. deserves the brunt of 
the criticism. 

Engineer Frieder Seible, another 
memberofUCSD's earthquake lab 
involved in the inspection of the 
Nimitz, explained that joint prob-

lems in California bridges "are 
probably limited to that type of 
structure ... designed in the mid-
to late-fifties." 

Priestley added that the Nimitz 
was designed in 1954 "before our 
understanding of seismic design 
got to the limit that it is now.". 

Engineers today design bridges 
"C081pleRIJy differently" than In 
previous decades, he said. 

Although joint problems have 
been identified as contributing to 
the colJapse of the Nimitz, Pries-
tley and Seible said that bridge 
columns throughout California are 

See NIMITZ, Page 7 

Affirmative Action 
Discussed at UCSD 
By DAVID BURKHART 
Senior Staff Writer 

Students and faculty discussed 
the effectiveness and morality of 
affirmative action policies at a fo-
rum held here last night, and de-
bated whether such policies should 
be continued. 

A panel of faculty and staff 
spoke briefly on the issue, then dis-
cussed it with the audience. 

Dennard Clendenin, coordina-
tor of affirmative action at UCSD, 
argued that the program, while 
flawed, was an important means of 
opening doors for qualified mem-
bers of underrepresented groups. 

"Opponents of affirmative ac-
tion never use the word 'quali-
fied,'" he said. 

Professor of physics Oscar 
Lumpkin, another member of the 
panel, said that affirmative action 's 
primary function is to give us a 
vantage point to see that the under-
representation of some minorities 
is due primarily to poor public 
education in grade schools and high 
schools. 

"If the public school system 
does not do what it is supposed to 
do, it will hurt all of us," but the 
effect will be felt first by minori-
ties, Lumpkin said. 

A first-year Revelle student 
was sexually assaulted last Friday 
morning by a male who entered 
her unlocked dorm room as she 
and her roommate slept, UCSO 
Police said. 

According to UCSD Police 
Detective Sgt. Bob Jones, in the 
early morning hours of Oct. 27 a 
woman "awakened to some male 
intruder in her donn room on cam-
pus." 

A.S. Approves TG Fund Increase 

Though Lumpkin supported 
affirmative action in the 1 960s, he 
now feels it has outlived its useful-
ness and causes a misallocation of 
resources away from solutions 
which would really help the disad-
vantaged, such as improving 
schools in the inner cities. 

"The university pretends this 
problem does not exist," and uses 
affirmative action as an excuse to 
avoid criticism, he said. 

The intruder put his hand under 
the victim's nightshirt, and told 
her not to be afraid, because his 
actions were "just a fraternity 
prank," a police bulletin said. 

According to police reports, the 
victim then screamed and kicked 
the intruder, who fled the scene. 

The suspect in the assault is a 
white male in his 20s, approxi-
mately six feet tall, with a medium 
build, dark hair and a receding 
hairline, according to the police. 

"There's no reason to believe" 
the assault was actually a frater-
nity prank, Jones said. He added 
that it seemed to be a random inci-
dent. 

ByANTONBITI'NER 
News Editor 

The A.S. Council voted last 
night to allocate an additional 
$4,800 to Programming Commis-
sioner Matthew Schnurer to main-
tain the quality of TGs. 

On two separate votes, the coun-
cil allocated $2,400 for band con-
tracts and another $2,400 for both 
technical services and meals for 
the performers at TGs from the 
General Unallocated Fund. 

When asking for the funds for 
band contracts, Schnurer said that 
a quality band demands around 
$1,000 for a performance. He said 
that $600 was budgeted for con-
tracts for each TG and that there 
are six TGs left to contract. The 
$2,400 would let him contract 
$1,000 for each TG. 

Of the second $2,400 parcel, 
Schnurer said he needed $1,950 

for tech services and $450 for the 
meals, because of an oversight. 
Schnurer said that, because he is 
new at his job, he didn't realize 
that technical crews are used for 
equipment set-up and take-down 
and that more than one crew is 
needed during the event. He said . 
he also underestimated the cost of 
meals for the bands. 

Academic Affairs Commis-
sioner Darin Malloy expressed the 
only opposition to the allocation, 
saying that, with Schnurer's lack 
of experience, there may be further 
oversights in the budget and that 
requesting more funds might be 
the start of a trend by Schnurer. 

"If someone is new at some-
thing, they will overspend," 
Malloy said. 

Other council members were 
verbally upportive of Schnurer 
during the meeting. 

Warren Senior Senator Lisa 
Aaig said that "we've been getting 
good reviews" on the TGs. 

"People under 21 are coming 
[to the TGs] again. It's a real stu-
dent event again," she said. 

"The better the band, the better 
the school spirit," added Fifth 
Sophomore Senator John Edson. 

During the announcements 
portion of the meeting, Graduate 
Student Association Representa-
tive Paul Eykamp asked senators 
to bring up the issue of sexual 
assault in their respective college 
councils in light of two recent 
incident involving the sexual 
harassment of UCSD students. 
Eykamp suggested that the coun-
cils discuss ways of countering 
sexual assault threats. 

"It appears as if it's going to be 
an unusually bad year for thi ," 
said Eykamp. 

Patrick Velazquez, coordinator 
of the OASIS summer bridge pro-
gram, disagreed. 

"Even if it were possible to 
eliminate discrimination overnight, 
the effects would linger," he said. 
Velazquez added that while af-
firmative action is not a panacea, it 
is an effective tool in breaking 
down the barriers he feels white 
society has constructed to bar 
minority progress, such as cultur-
ally biased standardized test . 

Velazquez also added that mi-
norities should not try to "sell" af-
firmative action to white society. 
Instead, they should solidify sup-
port within the minority commu-
nity, then demand programs which 
provide access. Velazquez believes 
that the best solution to institu-

See FORUM, page 3 



UCNEWS J 
UCB Sociology Prof Comes Under 
Fire For Testing On Jewish Holiday 

UC Berkeley sociology Professor Harry Edwards, 
known for his association with Major League Baseball 
and the San Francisco 4gers, has come under attack from 
Jewish students because he gave a midterm on a lewish 
holiday. 

The test, given to Edwards ' Sociology 3 class on Yom 
Kippur, was worth 25 percent of the course grade. 

"I'm going to temple and fasting, so I'm not going to 
take a midterm," said one UCB student who requested 
that her name not be made public. 

"I'm not going to sacrifice my religion forthatasshole," 
she said. 

Edwards, who represented Major League Baseball as 
an adviser promoting minority hi rings, has been featured 
in majornews magazines and on television talk shows as 
an advocate for civil rights and racial equality. 

Edwards defended his decision by commenting that 
"apparently someone wanted or needed an excuse [not to 
take the exam 1, so they picked this." 

"I don't know what the motivation is,and Idon'tcare, 
because I'm going to run my class as I have done ... for 
over a quarter century of college teaching," he said. 

Many Jews attend temple services, fast and pray for 
atonement on Yom Kippur. 

Edwards explained that ifhe had given the exam later 
than Oct 9, the grading process would have been squeezed 
too tightly with the next midterm. If he had given it 
earlier, people intending to drop the class would have had 
to take it. 

By Ralph Jennings 
Daily Californian 

Berkeley Students Protest UC's New 
'Fighting Words' Harassment Policy 

A group of UC Berkeley students opposed to UC 
President David P. Gardner's new 'fighting words" pol-
icy have vowed to continue their protest of the anti-
epithet rule. 

,*,SHOE 

"We believe [the policy] restricts freedom unneces-
sarily," said Marco Pulisci, a first-year student and co-
founder of First Amendment-Inalienable Rights. 

But senior history major Christopher West disagreed, 
saying that "calling someone a fag is not an exchange of 
ideas, it ' s an exchange of abuse. We're setting a context 
where people can work together in a basic environment. 

"It'sapersonalissue forme," said West. He explained 
that he was the victim of epithets in an incident as a first-
year student. 

In an intramural football game against a fraternity, a 
member of the opposing team yelled, "You fucking 
nigger, don't you fucking score again," West said. 

The University would not take action against the stu-
dent, he added. 

"I very much want to end discrimination," said 
Berkeley A.S. senator Ben Austin, but added that "we 
can cover most of the wrongdoing ... that is covered by 
the 'fighting words' policy" through legal means. 

Austin said he had experienced anti-Semitism, but he 
believed those people had the right to say what they did. 

By Marie Spark 
DaiLy CaLifornian 

UCSB Library, Last UC With 5 Cent 
Photocopies, Moves To 10 Cents 

Following in the footsteps of such forsaken American 
traditions as the 10¢ phone call and the 25¢ candy bar, the 
nickel copy has disappeared from the UCSB library 
system. 

The UCSB copy service has doubled its price for one 
copy from five to 10 cents, but I ibrary personnel say there 
is a chance the price will be reduced in the future. 

The additional revenue will go toward increasing 
photocopy service cperation hours and expanding the 
copy staff, as well as offsetting the recent acquisition of 
17 new copiers, according to Santa Barbara's Assistant 
University Librarian 10hn Vasi. 

"The prices did not go up because the price of a copy 
increased," Vasi said, but because the photocopying 
service is increasing staff and operation hours "to make 
sure there are people around on weekends and evenings" 
and "to offer better service" for UCSB students. 

"When we were at a nickel, we were the lowest in the 
UC system," he continued, adding that the lean hours the 
photocopy service previously kept were indicative of the 

by Jeff Mac Nelly 

Here in '&e.etops, East 
Virq;mia, we are blessed. 
WIth. only~ parlung meter. 

Unfortunately. We 
are also blessed. wlih 
Emma Sue Basktns, 

our only meter maul. . 

low cqst. 
The price increase provides for over 40 additional 

operating hours at the center and the subsequent increase 
in employee hours needed to supervise the facility. 

By Michael Bayewitch 
Daily Nexus 

(it UCSD NEWS J 
Marlon Brando Film Featured As 
Political Film Series Continues 

The Committee For World Democracy, a student run 
organization which brings political films to UCSD with 
the intention to generate discussion and promote a greater 
political awareness, will present another in its series of 
film presentations Friday. 

Friday's film is titled "BURN!" The 1970 film stars 
Marlon Brando as an adventurer hired as a mercenary by 
the British government. Through his experiences, he 
ultimately realizes the futility of opposing a guerilla 
movement. 

The show begins at 7 p.m. in TLH 107, aiJd admission 
is free. 

UCSD Library Series Continues With 
Three Authors To Speak In November 

The new writing series sponsored by the UCSD 
Library continues with three new authors to be featured 
through the month of November. All three writers will 
speak at 4:30 p.m. in Price Center Conference Room 
5A&B. 

Berkeley writer Carla Harryman, who writes slories, 
plays and poems, will read from her works on Nov. 8. 
Harryman is the author of several books inclul,iing Under 
the Bridge, The Middle, Vice, and Animal Instincts. 

On Nov. 15 New York poet Bernadette Mayer,long 
an influential member of Manhattan's downtown poetry 
scene, will appear. Her books of poetry include Studying 
Hunger, Memory, MidwinJer Day, and Sonnets. 

The final reading of the quarter will be by Pierre loris 
on Nov. 29. loris was born in Luxembourg and has lived 
in France, England and the United States, where he is 
currently a visiting lecturer at UCSD. He has published 
16 books of poetry, including Breccia: Selected Poems 
1972-86. 

( SPOTLIGHT) 
Revelle College Graduale Completes 
Work On PBS Killer Whale Program 

Robert Hooper, a graduate of Revelle College, has 
recently completed work on "Alaska's Killer Whales," a 
PBS special to be broadcast on San Diego's PBS affili-
ate, KPBS, on Nov. 8 at 10:30 p.m. and Nov. 13 at 1:30 
p.m. 

Hooper co-wrote, directed and produced the program, 
which will be hosted by William Shatner (Star Trek, T J . 
Hooke,.,. The half-hour program features interviews 
with native Alaskans, prominent scientists, environmen-
talists and Sea World officials about the future of killer 
whales. 

The broadcast was filmed in the Prince William 
Sound area of Alaska, just prior to the Exxon Valdez oil 
slick. 

After leaving UCSD, Hooper went on to graduate 
from the UCLA Film School. He is currently a professor 
at Loyola Marymount University. 

Department Of Psychiatry Seeks 
Obsessive-Compulsives For Testing 

UCSD researchers in the department of psychiatty are 
seeking individuals with obsessive-compulsive disorder 
to participate in brain imaging studies using magnetic 
resonance imaging. 

Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a condition charac-
terized by intrusive thoughts, and rituals designed to 
eli mate these thoughts. 

Volunteers, who will be paid, will also receive free 
medical and psychiatric exams. For funher information, 
call Dr. Frederick Moeller at 534-4306. 

-Compiled by Jason Snell, Assoe"," News Editor 
and Catherine DHle, Ntws Editor 

Thursday, November 2, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Po/ice Officer. Teenager Hit 
Two Injured In Gilman Accidents 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

A l5-year-old bicyclist and a 
community service officer with the 
San Diego Police Department were 
hit by cars in separate accidents on 
Gilman Drive Tuesday evening. 

According to police reports, the 
bicyclist was hit by a car near the 
comer of Gilman Drive and Eve-
ning Way at about 5:28 p.m. Tues-
day. 

San Diego Police Sgt. Art 
Armstrong said the bicyclist was 
"going northbound on Gilman, 
riding on the southbound sidewalk. 
He got to the middle of the block, 
and for some unknown reason he 
just turned and crossed the road-
way." 

The bicyclist was then hit by a 
car going southbound at approxi-

mately 47 miles per hour, Arm-
strong said. There was "very slight 
damage to the car. The bicycle 
was destroyed and totalled," Arm-
strong continued. 

The driver, who was going 
unjier the speed limit of 50 miles 
per hour, was not arrested, Arm-
strong said. 

As a result of the accident, Gil-
man Drive was closed except for 
one lane each way, Armstrong said. 

The bicyclist was in "intensive 
care in serious condition" at Scripps 
Hospital in La 1011a on Wednes-
day, hospital spokesperson Lynn 
Morra said. She added that he had 
suffered a broken left leg, tom 
ligaments in his right leg, and a 
fractured skull . 

As of press time, the Police 
were unable to release the 
bicyclist's name. 

At about 8 p.m. Tuesday, San 
Diego Police Community Service 
Officer Dennis Nelson was hit by a 
car as he directed traffic around the 
previous accident, Police spokes-
person Bill Robinson said. 

"A motorist approached the area 
where he was directing traffic, and 
did not stop. The vehicle struck 
him, and he was thrown onto the 
hood of the car, and he rolled into 
the windshield," Robinson said. 

Nelson was transported by para-
medics to Scripps Hospital, Robin-
son said, and suffered "bumps and 
bruises, and no broken bones or 
internal injuries." 

"He's going to be off work a 
couple of days with a sore wrist. 
Fortunately, no one was seriously 
hurt," Robinson said. 

The motorist that hit Nelson 
was not arrested, Armstrong said. 

FORUM: Affirmative Action Debated 
Continued from page 1 
tional racism may be segregation, 
with minority members using their 
own tax money to build their own 
institutions, but added that such a 
solution would probably be politi-
cally impossible. 

Political science Professor 
Sanford Lakoff disagreed with af-
firmative action on moral grounds. 
He briefly discussed the history of 
affirmative action, and how it began 
as an mildexecutiveorderby Presi-
dent Ken.,!ledy, grew into a pro-

gram of racial quotas, and was 
scaled back by the Bakke v. Un i-
versityo/Californiadecision which 
banned quotas. 

He argued that early civil rights 
progress was consistent with the 
ideal of a "color blind" Society, but 
affirmative action made race a 
central criterion in public univer-
sity admissions and hiring. 

''The whole affirmative action 
program with regards to universi-
ties is a cop-out," Lakoff said. 

He argued that UC admissions 

should be based only on merit and 
agreed with Lumpkin that the real 
work needed to be earlier: improv-
ing schools in inner cities, and re-
moving the cultural bias towards 
failure which he feels exists in 
minority communities. 

"[The job of the UC] is to edu-
cate people who can benefit from 
what we have to offer," Lakoff 
said. 

The discussion period, which 
followed the forum, allowed 
members of the audience to par-

NEWS 3 

Rima, UqlrlslGuardioll 
Screwed Up?- This giant screw, placed in front of the 
Engineering Building, is one of numerous art projects which 
occasionally manifest themselves around the UCSD campus. 
ticipate. 

One audience member argued 
that Lumpkin and Lakoffs sug-
gestions may help young minority 
members, but affirmative action 
and retention' programs areneces-
sary to help' " those of us who are 

here now." 
Another audience member 

suggested that carryi ng the idea of 
affirmative action to its logical ex-
treme would mean "quotas for 
Congress," since minorities are un-
derrepresented there. 

I 

YOU'RE u@ODD[;l[] 
088D~@ SEEING 

DOUBLE 0@ODm[b8 

AIM HIGH! BE THE 
STUDENT R_EGE,NT 
APPLICATIONS ARE 
NOW AVAILABLE!!! 
,~ 0[38Cb0 DEALS ~. 

/ N / 
ow during Domino's Pizza Double Deal Days, get two 

custom made pizzas for only very hot price. Delivered to 
your door in 30 minutes or less ... guaranteed. During 
Double Deal Days, the savings are twice as nice. So, call 
now, we'll be there on the double. fit: 

Hours: I' CALL US! 11 am - 1 am - Sun-Thurs ~ -f I-

452·UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

FOR JUST 

11 am - 2 am - Fri & Sat ~ 
10 minute carry out service. 
Employment opportunities available 
Earn up to $10 an hour (total comp) . 

Two 12" medium Domino's Original Pizzas with cheese for 
only $8.88. Toppings just $.93 each per pizza. 

JUST ASKI 
No Coupon Necessary. 
Tax not included. 
Expires: 12131 /89 
Not valid with any other offer 

~j ~~. j 
Good at participating Domino's Pizza locations. 

~-------------)1 Lirnited deliver area Our drivers carry less than $20.00 dollars. 
~ CI989 Domono's PIzza, Inc. 

When you are the University of California Student Re-
gent, you are no ordinary shooting star. You help make 
policy decisions on issues which affect students, fac-
ulty, and staff on all nine campuses. You can pick up ~p­
plications at the following locations: 

ASUCSD OFFICE, 3rd Floor, Price Center 
EDNA Desk, Price Center 

College Dean's Office 
Office of Graduate Studies & Research 

Graduate Student Association Office, 3rd Floor, 
Price Center 

School of Medicine Student Affairs Office 
Chancellor's Office 

APPLICATIONS ARE DUE AT 5:00 PM, ON 
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 3, 1989in the CHAN-
CELLOR'S OFFICE. If you have any ques-
tions call the A.S. Office 534-4450! 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 2, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BIITNER, News Editor 
CA THERI E DILLE, ews Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The Guarolan is published rv..a: .... ttldy 11 the University of California. San Dic&o ConlCnlS CH989. 
ViC .... ' expressed herrin represent the majority VOle or the editorial board, and arc not necceuanly 

Bureacratic Mess 

Differing Regulations 
The discovery by fonner Student Advocate Bard-Alan Fin-

Ian of an inconsistency between the Revelle College regulations 
and the University ' s brings up an important issue: the complex 
bureaucratic web of inconsistent and confusing regulations 
through which students must navigate. 

The problem was that Revelle ' s academic regulations defme 
a major as 18 upper-division classes, while the various engi-
neering departments require more. Taken alone, it is a small 
problem, but this isn ' t the only example of inconsistent regula-
tions. 

The idea of the college system is a good one. Students are 
given the benefits of a mall college environment with the 
advantages of a larger university. Student are also given 
choices in the style of education they receive. 

At most other universities, colleges are like departments here 
- for example, a college of business, or a college of engineer-
ing. But here, students are attached to UCSD, a college, and a 
department. Students who have minors or programs of concen-
tration must also deal with one or more other departments. 

Transfer students have it particularly hard , since to have a 
class taken at another school fill a degree requirement often 
requires fi ling paperwork wi th both their college and the depart-
ment the class is in. Students a lso must face differing advice 
from departments and colleges. 

When Provost Bond was asked about the Revelle inconsis-
tency, he argued that " it's like having a state law that is incon-
sistent with a federal law. Clearly the federal law takes prece-
dence." 

But the case isn ' t nearly that clear-cut. In some cases, a 
college 's rules take precedence over a department's. For ex-
ample, in Muir' s interdepartment special projects major, or in 
Warren 's programs of concentration. Candidates for office in 
Associated Students must also deal with conflicting posting 
regulations among colleges, and organizing an event falls under 
different rules depending on where it's held. 

The college system should certainly be preserved, and de-
partments should maintain some autonomy. But administrators 
at colleges and departments should work together to form a set 
of consistent rules. The current bureaucratic mess is unneces-
$ary and intolerable. 

Apathy? 

Helping The Bay Area 
Today' s college students are frequently criticized by the 

" thirtysomething" crowd for being too apathetic, for not caring 
about their fellow human beings. It is true that the students of 
today don ' t stage protests against the U.S. war in Vietnam, but 
part of the reason for this is that the U.S . isn't fighting in 
Vietnam. The students ' response to the earthquake in Northern 
Californ ia proves the charges of apathy are unfair. 

The Assoc iate Students quickly organized a week-long fund 
raising campaign for the earthquake victims and set up tables in 
the Price Center and Revelle Plaza to collect money. They also 
held a Halloween dance last Sunday to raise more funds. 

Despite midtenns, students all around UCSD have donated 
time and money to help area~ devastated by the quake, and the 
many people le ft homeless. They deserve pral e for their effort, 
and deserve to never be called apathetic again. 

Incorrect and Misleading from the use of so-called "fighting 
words" must confonn 10 the defi-
nition of "harassment" as stared 
in the policy. 

Editor: 
The statement regarding the 

applicability of the UC Harass-
ment Policy in the October 26 
Guardian article entitled "UCSD 
Campus Papers Subject to 'Fight-
ing Words' Regulations," is in-
correct and misleading. 

instead, the focus of the policy is 
on conductthat promotes violence 
or a hostile and intimidating envi-
ronment. In closing, the focus of the UC 

Harassment Policy is not on the 
mere publication of words or 
expression of ideas. Instead, the 
interest of the University is to 
promote free expression and the 
achievement of one's potential by 
eliminating conduct that creates 
an intimidating environment or 
stifles a person's educational 
goals,orinterferes witha person's 
ability to participate fully in Uni-
versity programs or activities. 

As I explained 10 the Guardian 
reporter, while anyone could cer-
tainly file a complaint of a viola-
tion of the UCSD Harassment 
Policy, the mere publication of 
so-called "fighting words" would 
not, by itself, necessarily consti-
tute a violation of the policy. 

Stated another way, the mere 
publishing or so-called "fighting 
words" would not, in and of itself, 
constitute a violation of UC H¥-
assment Policy. A violation of the 
Policy requires the following e\e-
ments: 

1. Use of "fi ghting words"by 
students to harass a person on 
University property or other prop-
erty covered under UC policies. 

That is, the Harassment Policy 
is not intended to regulate verbal 
or written expression per se, but 

2. The words at issue must 
confonn to the stated definition of 
"fighti ng words." 

Nicholas S. Aguilar 
Editor's note: The Guardian stands 
by the accuracy of its story. 3. The "harassment" resulting 

Burning Flags and Fighting Words. • • 
By hawn Butler 

George Bush wants a Constitutional amendment 
banning desecration of the flag because it is a symbol 
beyond reproach by mere citizen~. The UC Regents 
would probably agree. The UC Regents have, in fact, 
made their own little joust at the First Amendment 
rights of individual Americans - albeit mere stu-
dents - with their "fighting words" policy. This is, 
one may suppose, done for our own good. 

As mere citizens and students we can hardly be 
expected to handle the responsibility of deciding 
what to say, who to say it to, and how to express our 
frustration; the ever-competent and rarely impure 
politicians of ourtime are understanda-
bly worried about the haphazard course 
of our childish expression. 

Interesting. 
And yet, while we may not bum the 

flag or, it would seem, even talk about 
burning the flag without suspension or 
prison time, the Regents may perform 
their own fonn of desecration forciays, 
if not months, at a time ... charge us 
for it ... and rub it in our faces as we 
enter campus on each glorious new moming. 

I'm not talking about burning the flag; this some-
what misled fonn of protest could hardly affect 
anyone but the perpetrators if it were not a conven-
ient way to avoid less important issues like the 
national debt and homeless ness ... child abuse. 

And speaking of child abuse, is it any less a crime 
to let a child starve and die amidst plenty than it is to 
beat it to death? 

I would say not. 
What I'm talking about, then, is neglect Neglect 

that might be excusable in less trying times, but 
which is now wholly unacceptable. If every word 
and action or every American is subject to govern-
ment scrutiny, then is not the government of these 

BENSON 

people equally culpable? 
• I would hope so . . . 

So on each day I pass by the American flag as it 
hangs on Gilman Drive, I look away, a little embar-
rassed, a little ashamed. Perhaps it would be more 
appropriate to say Ihat this flag was hanged, not 
hung. 

Whichever, this flag is hardly a proud symbol any 
longer. It is dew-drenched and dust-flecked, dirty 
and uncared-for. It has not been taken down at night, 
as is ils due, and neither has it been cleaned in aoy 
recent geological age. It may well be petrified, for the 
banner does not wave in any wind that I' ve yet seen. 

And this is the symbol the feder-
ally-subsidized and ever-patriotic 
Regents offers as an example to San 
Diego? It would be more an honor to 
bum itnow ... toput it out of its misery 
and replace it with an appropriately 
new one. 

But that's illegal. At least for you 
and me. 

I wonder if these are fighting words? 
I hope so, for there is little room for 

neutrality on such an issue. Nor, it would seem, is 
there any room for reason. I sincerely doubt that 
many members of the UC administration have no-
ticed the flag's sad state ... as I equally doubt that a 
few bored Texan malcontents with a match could 
have cause such a stir if they were not greatly aided 
by a media so desperate for ratings and III admini-
stration so desperate to latch onto a "problem" that it 
could actually solve; a 1000 points of light? Nah. 
How 'bout 50? 

Forget the oil spill. Forget the homeless. 
Forget the debt. Forget. abortion. 
Forget the Constitution. Just forget it all. 
But as long as you're going to amend it, don 't 

forget your rights. 

Thursday, November 2,1989 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

What is your most poignant Halloween memory? 

It's unprintable. Everybody thinks that I was 
probably an angel, but I really 
wasn't. I grew up in a small 
town in Iowa in the late '50s and 
early '60s, and got into a lot of 
trouble in high school. 

Oh Lord, I don 't have any-
thing. I've got four kids and 
years and years of trick or treat-
ing. Nothing really out of the 
ordinary. 

RlchsrrJ Atkinson 
ChBnce#Ior 

I'm rather tall (6 '4 ") - I 
reached full height around the 
time I was 10 years old. I al-
ways felt bad when I went trick 
or treating and towered over 
the otherkids, and people would 
say, "You're too old.' And so 
finally I just gave it up. That's 
one of the hazards of being tall, 
I guess. 

It was about two years ago, 
when my daughter and I went 
trick or treating together. I built 
Hershey's kisses around us out 
of chicken wire and foil. I guess 
I was so into it that I made them 
larger than normal, and they 
wouldn't fit into any doorway. 
Consequently, we couldn't get 
into any houses when people 
invited us in. 

It was traditional to mount 
an outhouse on top of the high 
school at Halloween, but by the 
time I reached 16, they were 
pretty scarce. 

We found one finally, and a 
new kid from New York wanted 
to push it over but he wasn't 
cognizant of what was under-
neath. He fell in, and we had to 
get a farmer with ropes to pull 
him out. 

But we got the outhouse any-
way and hoisted it to the top of 
the school. 

John Anderson 
Chief of Police 

RobeI't Umstesd 
".""g .. , Parking snd 

TransportBtlon SMvlces 

Photos and interviews 
by Gall Johnson 

ALL CAMPUS 
FORUM 

Sponsored by the Associated Students 

RE LED 
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16th 

5:00 - 7:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER, 3rd FLOOR 

Conference Room #8 
YOUR ELECTED STUDENT GOVERNMENT 
OFFICERS WILL BE ADDRESSING THE 
FOLLOWING ISSUES: 

NIGHTTIME PARKING 
STUDENT FEE VETO 

RIMAe 
(Recreational Intramural Athletic Complex) 

GET ANSWERS TO YOUR 
QUESTIONS??????? 

Steven Rely .. 
VIce Chancellor, 
BusIness AffaIrs 

"'-/ I t---I ~ L 

JIm CBrruthers 
DIrector, 

University Center 

'RECORDS, TAPES & GD'S 
special order any item 
domestics in less than four days 

The Tradition Continues: 
low Prices, Special Orders, Buy & Sell 

used CD's 
Located in the· Price Center 
Hours: 11 a.m. -6 p.m. Monday-Friday 

11 a.m. -4 p.m. Saturday 

USED CD'S 
Assorted Vlnyt wants to expand their 

used CD selection and is paying $$$$$ 
(in store credit) NOWI 



6 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 2, 1989 

Distinguished British Film Scholar 
THOMAS 
ELSAESSER 
will visit UCSD 
Winter Quarter 1990 

General Literature 180 
Early Cinema and the Emergence of 
Mass Entertainment 
The focus will be on Germany and the work of 
Fritz Lang will be specially featured. 

Recommended for 
Literature and 
Communications 
majors 

Space limited. 

NOWOPENI 

LAW AND SOCIETY 
Interdisciplinary Minor 
Program of Concentration 
Area Study 

L aw and Society is an interdisciplinary program that emphasizes the complexity and interrelationship of legal, social and ethical issues in 
their historical contexts. The Law and Society minor/program is avail-
able to all UCSD students with a general interest in law as a social 
institution as well as to students considering law-related careers. The 
purpose of the program is to enhance students' critical analysis of social 
and ethical issues related to law and of the legal implications and 
ramifications of policy and decision-making in their fields. To insure an 
interdisciplinary learning experience, students must include in their 
program at least one course from each of the following "core" academic 
depaJtrnents: History, Philosophy, Political Science and Sociology. 

Winter Quarter Course OfferIngs 
Comm/SF 139A Law, Communication and Freedom of Expression 

History US 150 
Phi112 
Phil 120 
Poli Sci 40 
Poli Sci l04F 
Soc 140 
Soc 142 
Soc 159 

US&P 124 

R. Horwitz (TItis cou"e IIUlY be .ubstlluled/or Uzw '" 
Soc~1] 101, CofltempofYII'Y LegolIssues.) 
American Legal History to 1865 M. Parrish 
Logic and Decision Making S. Mitchell 
Political Philosophy G. Draper 
Introduction to Law and Society P. Irons 
Constitutional Law Seminar H. Hirsch 
Sociology of Law J. Gusfield 
Social Deviance J. Douglas 
Special Topics: Asian-Americans and the Law 
S. McCoin 
Land Use Planning R. Phillips 

In/ormanon on specific requirements, dechzmlions, petitions, and transcript nolDlion 
requests, may be obtained oJ 405 MAAC (across the parking lot from the WaTTen 
Provost's Office) or phone 534-1704. 

Thursday, November 2, 1989 

Check-Up 
By KEVIN KNOPF 
UCSF Synapse 

Novel Cancer Treatment 
AgroupofphysiciansatHar-

vard Medical School are report-
ing promising results from a 
study that used a patient's own 
white blood cells to fight off 
cancer. 

White blood cells are among 
the key players of the immune 
response. When cells in the body 
undergo unregulated growth, 
cenain white blood cells can 
detect many of the changes and 
eliminate the inappropriatecells. 
In the Harvard study, reponed 
in Lancet, tumor-infiltrating 
lymphocytes (a class of white 
blood cells) were removed from 
patients suffering from malig-
nant tumors of the skin and 
kidney. Large numbers of these 
cells were reproduced outside 
of the body; then the scientists 
activated them with a molecule 
called Interleukin-2, which 
promotes the growth of the white 
blood cells and enhances their 
ability to kill tumor cells. 

ASSAULT 
Continued from page 1 

"The case is under investiga-
tion, and we're making attempfs to 
identify the suspect in the case. 
[However,) there are very, very 
few leads for us to go on," Jones 
said. 

He added that he does not feel 
the case is connected with the Oct. 

The activated cells were then 
reintroduced into the cancer pa-
tients. Abo t a founh of the pa-
tients show d a subsequent tumor 
reduction. These encouraging re-
sults show thatlhe enhancement of 
the body's wn defenses may be 
another way for doctors to treat 
certain kindsof cancer. 

AZT May Reverse Dementia 
In Children with AIDS 

A new study confirms that mv 
does not necessarily cause irre-
versible brain damage, as many 
experts had previously believed. 
PhilJip A. Pizzo, chief of pediat-
rics at the National Cancer Insti-
tute, has reported in Science that 
the antiviral drug AZT may re-
verse neurological damage in chil-
dren infected with AIDS. 

The AlDS-causing virus mv 
has been implicated in loss of mem-
ory, thought disturbances and, in 
some instances, psychosis. In 
adUlts, dementia is usually a late 
stage complication of the illness; 
but in children it can show up very 
early, with devastating emotional 
consequences. Children can often 
lose the equivalent of28lQ points 
as the illness progre ses. 

15 sexual assault of a UCSD 
freshperson. who was assaulted in 
downtown San Diego after a threat-
ening male phone caller convinced 
her to meet him there. 

Jones said assaults similar to 
Friday's occur about once a year at 
UCSD. 

"This happens periodically here 
at UCSD, where doors are left 
unlocked and the opportunity pres-
ents itself, and a guy does what this 

The UCSD Guardian 

AZT works by blocking 
propagation of the virus in the 
body by knocking out a key 
enzyme involved in virus repro-
duction. Thus, the drug seems to 
keep the virus at bay to an ex-
tent, and taking it cuts down 
some of the symptoms, includ-
ing dementia. 

Doctors are not sure how mv 
injures the brain. Perhaps the 
virus can infect brain cells di-
rectly, or perhaps it stimulates 
production of factors that are 
toxic to brain cells. In any event, 
promising results have been 
obtained in children taking AZT 
on a regular basis. According to 
Pizzo, there are numerous in-
stances of it restoring nonnal 
function to children previously 
unable to formulate words or 
comprehend what their parents 
were saying. 

This reversal of dementia has 
prompted doctors to wonder if 
AZT might be effective in treat-
ing otherfonns of dementia, such 
as Alzheimer's disease, which 
affects more than two million 
elderly Americans. Oinical trials 
of AZT on Alzhei mer's patients 
are being considered. 

guy did ... It's real important to 
keep your suite and bedroom doors 
locked. It serves as a deterrence to 
keep these kinds of things from 
happening," Jones said. 

He added that, if students find 
themselves in a similar situation to 
that of the woman in this case, they 
should do "just what she did-
scream like hell. That was the best 
thing she could have done." 

NORTHERI ClUFDBIIA SOUTHERI CALIFORNIA 
In a series of large earthquakes 
Including the 1906 and 1954 
quakes, the northern land mass 
east of the San Andreas Fault 
has traveled northward more 
than 31 feet. 

The southern land mass has 
experienced little major 
seismic activity since 1857 ani 
Is due to catch up to the 
north's lead as the stress 
along the fault line Increases. 

NIMITZ 
Continued from page 1 
in urgent need of attention. 

"I think that probably the great-
est danger in California is from 
column failure, not from joint 
[failure)," Priestley said. 

"The research that we're doing 
here is related to putting steel jack-
ets around critical areas which 
improves the perform ability" of 
bridge columns in earthquakes, said 
Priestley, who commented on the 
need to "increase the tempo of our 
research. " 

Priestly went on to stress the 
importance of not placing blame 
on people for the Nimitz collapse. 

". think it's going to be ex-
tremely difficult [to criticize indi-
viduals). There are too many fac-
tors and I personally don't think 
you should," he said. 

ENGINEER 

ASSQCIAT •• NGIN ••• 
Sunward T~hnologies is a leading independent 
supplier of magnetic r~ording heads for Winchester 
Disk Dri.ves . Our chal!enging work environment offers 
an exciting opportunity for an Associate Engineer. 
Part-time position (10-20 hours/week) with flexible 
hours. Selected candidate will assist in evaluation on 
contact start-up, fricrionlsticrion. and slider and 
suspension design. Senior or graduate student with 
engineering experience preferred. 
Please call : 
Diane lincoln or Rick Shelor 
SUNWARD TECHNOLOGIES 
5121 P.clflc Center Blvd. 
S.n Diego, CA 92121 
619/517-9140 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

NEWS 7 

IAUDIO;:ILi: 
digital music 

NEW RELEASE SALE!! 
These titles are brand new 

and on sale for 
$12.99 CD! 

Jesus and Mary Chain - Automatic 
Joe Satriani - Flying on a Blue Dream 

Fattburger - Time Will Tell 
Psychedelic Furs - Book of Days 

Come in and check out these and many other 
titles on sale - and remember - you can always 

listen to a new release before you buy it! 
• Compact Discs • Tapes • Used CD's 

• Denon HI-Fi • Jamo Speakers 
bpItw 11/~/49 

~ The AUDIOFILE 
AMX 1030 Torrey Pines Rd. La Jolla 459-FILE 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

1VMS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NV and AUDI 

Service &: Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-----

·Must present coupon and volld UCSD ID ot time of estimate. 
Not volid with major engine or tronsmlsslon repairs. 

f := 1 CALL IIFORN'A l!l 1450-94941 =!! alE._ 
I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
I About Us; It They Haven't Discovered I Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ~,.!MAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT n: 
= 

Your on-campus Video Store 

V.A. Video 
Iocend at the V.A. Hospital 

for UCSD students, staff & facultv_ --. 
\ ... _..aIlR SPECIAL 

• Free Registration NO"Yun .01 1bu"'~ 
• Reservations Accepled ~~ R~" 
• New Releases wit-: ~~ 1!s ~. 
• Weelcend Rentals (.4 days $2.50) -

r----~-------------, I ONLY $2.50 A DAY I 
L Buy a Coupon Book and Savel .J 
------------------Pay for 5 and get ONE FREE 

leach rental $2.08) 
Pay for 10 and get 3 FREE 

leach rental $1.92) 
Open Mon.-Fri. 
• a.m.-' p.m. 

453-7500 
After 6:30 use main entrance ext. 3797 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 2, 1989 

Features 
~, . . 

\ , 'l[ Il,l 11 ~ \~"'\. '~) 

THROUGH 
Quarter System Leaves 
Little Time for Students, 

Especially Sick Ones 
-By Jeffrey Yamguchi 
Contributing Writer 

t UCSD, students live 
active lives. Between 
studying, sleeping and 
more studying, there isn't 
much time for anything 

else, especially getting sick. Unfortu-
nately, the inevitable occurs. Last year 
alone, an estimated 11,000 students .... 
made use of the Student Health 
Services. 

Many of the students who visit the 
health center, according to Z. Kripke, 
M. D. and associate physician of the 
Student Health Center, do so as an act 
of prevention. 

"There is no such thing as being 
hypochondriacal," she said. "[Student 
Health] is supposed to be preventing 
and trouble shooting in advance. This 
is not a casualty clinic or an emergency 
room. This is Student Health." 

Kripke attributes the high number of 
preventative student visits to UCSD's 
quarter system. 

" Quarter system people know that 
working not to get sick is worth it . .. 
Students cannot take any time out to be 
simply at home and away. You miss a 
couple of days of class and it's just a 
devastating loss," Kripke said. 

Student Health Educator Dalynn 
Proffitt said, "One of our main pur-
poses is to help students stay in class." 

Although preventative measures can 
lower the chances of getting sick (or 
becoming more ill), they are not 
always effective. Students suffering 
from all kinds of sicknesses and physi-
cal problems visit Student Health. 
According to Proffitt, viral infections 
are at the top of the list. "Viral infec-
tions include colds, flus and all those 
things you have to admit that you do 
get." 

Viral infections are so prevalent 
because they are "spread from person 
to person by coughing and often by 
hand contact," Kripke said. 

Kripke added that on college 
campuses, it is estimated that people 

will get an average of 4.8 viruses a 
year. 

"This is within the norm for the 
college age group to be passing viruses 
back and forth with that frequency," 
Kripke said 

Other problems that bring students 
to the health center include wans, 
family planning, sprains and fractures, 
acne and vaginitis. According to 
Proffitt, behind viral infections, these 
are the five main reasons students visit 
the health center. 

Kripke said that although headaches 
and stomach problems are not ranked, 
they are a problem for a great number 
of students. 

Kripke believes "most students have 
very good immune systems that will be 

IlIustratlou by Carla Lew 

able to pull them through an [illness]," 
but she said that students shouldn't be 
"shy about coming in." 

According to Kripke, some students 
need motherly advice or a push from 
their roommate before they will visit the 
health center, and once they finally 
come, they recite a "whole litany of 
embarrassment about their using the 
health care center even though they're 
not dying." 

Kripke tells these students "everyone 
who told you to come was right." 

However, Kripke admits most 
students realize that the Student Health 
Center is for them and is glad that they 
have this understanding. 

''They've paid for it, they might as 
well come in and use it," she said. 

Dr. Seuss Issues Prescription to People to 'Say No to Drugs' 
By DEBBIE ROSENTHAL 
Contributing Writer 

One could hardly imagine a situation in which a doctor 
who lacks a medical degree issues a highly unusual pre-
scription to thousands of people, but such a phenomenon 
occurred. The prescription was to not use drugs, and the 
gentleman was the one and only Dr. Seuss. 

Theodore Geisel, the man known as Dr. Seuss, latest 
contribution to the education of America's youth is an anti-
drug campaign that he is working on in conjunction with 
Neil Morgan, editor of the Sail Diego Tribune. The first 
cartoon was printed on Sept. 25, 1989 and, since that time, 

has been sent to Navy ships and stations as well as 20,000 
schools and 2,000 newspapers nationwide and in England. 

Morgan offered that the decision to become involved in 
the nation 's drug fight was Geisel ' s own, as is the extent to 
which his work will continue. He seemed enthusiastic about 
the project, although he added that there are no immediate 
plans for subsequent cartoons. The future of Geisel's in-
volvement in the campaign will depend primarily on his 
health which, at present, is relatively unstable. Morgan ac-
knowledged this, but sounded positive about the continu-
ation of the project. 

"I don't press him," Morgan said. "He's the genius." 
Combining his imagination with a sense of moral re-

sponsibility, Dr. Seuss has long since used his influential 
role as a writer to raise America youth's consciousness with 
regards to prominent and disturbing social issues of the 
times. The Lorax, written in 1971, deals with the need for 
environmental protection, especiall y thedesttuction of forests 
for industrial use. 

Recently, this book has been the root of much contro-
versy in Laytonville, northem California, a small logging 
town (population of 1 ,096) whose public school system has 
had TheLoraxon its required reading list for second graders 
for the past two years. The book, acccording to a San Diego 
Union report, provoked a family dispute between the father 

See SEUSS, page 9 

Thursday, November 2, 1989 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

SEUSS Book, published in 1984 on the author's eightieth birthday, de-
picts an enactment of the Soviet-
American arms race based on a 
disagreement over which side the 
characters buttered their bread 00. 
At the time of its release, the book 
was widely criticized for vastly 
understating the root of the con-
flict between the United States 
and Russia in what is likely to be 
young people's first exposure to 
the issue. 

SETH SLAT-ER, Edilor In Chief _ Stair WriIon: And .... Adleman, Brian lIow, Johft Shaw 
_ writers; Cynchia Campbell. OlliJtina Huizar. Mary Ikny H_anI. I ulle H_imler. Adam 
Leyy. I ..... MuUi .... Mordecai Powh. Doyid Podcha, Audnoy Lyn Win ...... Sabrina 
Y_s 

Continued from page 8 
Bill Bailey, a logging equipment 
wholesaler, and his son Sammy, 
whose interpretation of the story 
reportedly prompted him to label 
his father a "criminal." 

DAVID WYNER, Managing Edilor 
ANTON BrITNER,Ntws Edilor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Edilor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Associate Sporls Editor 
JAMES COLLIER, Ftaruus Edilor 

............... ; Mi< .... 1 Amiol. Ore, Iknes, James CoIlier.l .. nl Kolski. Cory Lidschin. 
FMk t..n. an.. Morris, Felio Zunip 
_.-t; Milo Cooper. Rick FonI, TOfty FuenteS. CarIn Lew, BlII Mallory, Mel MItCdo, 
Koty Roe. Tyrome Tripoli 
T' .... ; Urry 1IIdonch. Melisso Fowl. Lat, Loh. lim Mullin. Kari Bickett 

BRY AN DlAS, Music Editor Cop, R_ Ore, HuIf1Iu ...... lulie ....... , 0;- Ri ..... JessIe Sprin .... 
_: Sue Cheo. _1IImiI .... Chris """lOS. Ro4>in M.<l ...... lcffYIItII'uchi 

The matter quickly escalated 
when mother Judith Bailey re-
quested that the book be made 
optional on the grounds that "our 
kids are being brainwashed." At 
the end of September, however, 
theLaytonviUe School District 
Committee voted, 6-1, to "resist 
censorship" and keep The Lorax 
on the required reading list. 

RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Ediror 
The UCSD G_ is publWled _1' IIId Thunda1' durin, \he ICICIemic year PHIL GRUEN, Sporls Ediror by and ror ,he ......... 0/ UCSD. ReproducIIoo 0/ dIis ..... spoper "ony fonn, _ in 

whoIc or in part. wilhouo pcrmissioo is sn:dy proIIillllOd. el989. all rip .. _ . PATrY JE'lTIE,ArrsEdiror 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associare Photo Editor 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associale Hialus Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 

The G_dIm! 1.IIOI.....,...;bIc for .......... 01 UIlSOIIcIIOd _pIS or an. The 
views ex ... _ in snphicl and siplOd icam or_cIo lIOI_y..,... 
.. n,!he opinion. oITho CUlJld/iut. \he Univmily 01 California or'" A.socia/od S,udenlS 
01 UCSD. Views exp<Ue<J in unu..,..s ediooriaIs _., a mojori., opiaion o/!he 
C..,d/iut editOrial boon! consb.in, o/.he editor in chief, rnonqin, ............ "'ilOn 
and opinion edi ..... In reviews written shortly af-

ter publication, the story was con-
demned for presenting the arms 
race as the result of a mere lack of 
understanding of cultural differ-
ences. 

JASON SNELL, Associate News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, PholO EdilOr 
BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Manager Gu!SkI)IAN 

Another story, The Butter Battle 

UCSD 
SPECIAL 

! -52--1 i-Sl---! 
I I I I 

: OFF: 0~ : OFF : 
: ANY: ~~ : ANY : 
II LARGE II II MEDIUM II FREE CAMPUS DEU~ERY 
I I TO YOUR DOOR I PIZZA I HRS: M-Th nam-MlD; F-5a. II PIZZA II 

nam-Iam; Sun:n:JOam-MIO 
I I 8873 Villa 1.4 Jolla lH. I I 
I .oJ. 'S "'-'-. Ut Jolla I La Jolla Villag" SqllllT~ I aJ.·S,.,.,... Ut JoIU/ I 
I PW_:''''':;:' ~OUPOII I 455-0662' I PletlMprrulIl COUPOII I 
.... ::;. ~o_' .rllI,.. _ .~ ____ "'-;;";;;;;";;;;"'-;::"";::;";:~::""_--II "Mil o,duill,. • 

- -----------

PJICl'FIC 
ISUfND.5 

ClUB 

WANTA 
FUN JOB 

ONA 
TROPICAL ISLAND? 

Can you play volleyball? Tennis? Windsurf? Dance? Sing? Play piano or 
another musical instrument? Not afraid to work hard? Are you inter-
ested in an opportunity to learn Japanese? Or lire you just a great 
personality who can entertllin others into having the time of their lives? 
If you can do one or more ot these IIctivities, we mi.§ht have the job for you. 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB ... 
has bellch resorts in Micronesill thllt cllter to guests who wllnt to be 
entertained lind play water sports lind tennis. We hllve openings for 

RECREATION 
COORDINATORS 

& ENTERTAINERS 
Persons to orgllnize lind instruct wRter and bellch sports, direct games, 
IIrtS & crllfts, lind to perform in matinees, dinner shows lind pool-side 
skits. Applicllnts should be high-mew, extrol'mec outdoor types with 
recreation, sports or theatricill experience. ]lIpllnese "'ngullge not essen-
tilll but preferred. Willingness to work hllrd IInc lellrn ]lIpanese is 
necessllry. We provide housing, meills lind other fringe benefits including 
round-trip airfares. 
We will be on cllmpus NOJ1. 6 & 7. 11Iere will be two information 
sessions on Nov. 6from 911.m. -10 lI.m. IIntlfrom 1 p.m.- 2 p.m. in the 
Conference Room in the OIne1' Serpuu Ce"te1'. There will be 
interpiews following elUh session, lind 1111 dR.y on NOJ1. 7. 
Pacific Islands Club is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all U.S. laws apply. Proof 
of eligibility to work in the U.S. is required . 

The home of the 
49¢ hatnburger. 

1 IF'" m . #~~m 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IL_"~-----------------------ALLAMEmCAN-MEAC--

Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese, Medium Fry. ~ II Medium-Size Soft Drink 1/;g: ~ II 
II limit one coupon per J t $1 99 II II customer, per visit. P1ease US II 

present coupon when (plul tax) II II ordering. Not valid with . 
.11 any other offer. Only aI: II ~l ==30i'iI9ii89iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii---~'~~ ®j 

---- ---------

HEALTH CARE -
SOCIAL ISSUES 
Interdisciplinary Minor 
Program of Concentration 
Area Study 

T he Health Care-Social Issues Program offers students a variety of perspectives that enhance their ability to deal with 
complex social and ethical issues in modern health care. The 
program is available to all UCSD students with a general 
interest in issues related to health care as well as 
to students considering health care careers. By bringing 
together coursework from a number ~f academic depart-
ments, this interdisciplinary curriculum compliments science 
majors and enriches students' preparation for 
professional and postgraduate education. 

WINTER QUARTER COURSE OffERINGS 
Anthro 22 Introduction to Cultural Anthropology 
Econ 1 A Elements of economics 
Econ 1 B Elements of economics 
Phil 122 Blo-Medlcal Ethics 
Psych 1 Psychology 
Psych 60 Introduction to Statistics 
Psych 104 Introduction to Social Psychology 
Psych 172 Current Issues In Brain and Behavior 
STPA 181 Elements of International Medicine 
Soc 1 B The Study of Society 
Soc 137 Alcohol and Society 
US& P 144 Preventive Health Care 

InjOl'flUllillIl 011 sfHcific rtq,,;,,_1IlS, tUcliJrtJdoru, Jl'liIWns, and tnulScript 1I0IDd01l 
rtq",slS, _y b, obUJin,d oJ 405 MAAC (across Ih, parking hN fro", tie, Wan"tll 
Pro,osl's OJlk,) or pholle 534·1704. 

i . 



10 SPORTS The U CSD Guardian Thursday, November 2, 1989 

Sports 
Women's Volleyball on a Roll 

Tritons Beat La Verne; 
Could Host Regionals 

G reg Bene$/(} uardian 
Diana Klintworth killed the Leopards with a sterling offensive per-
formance. She nailed 19 kills and collected 35 digs last night. 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

After one final dip on the Triton 
rollercoaster, UCSD reasserted 
itself as the number one team in 
Division ill with an impressive 7-
15, 15-8, 15-8, 15-11 win over 
second ranked University of La 
Verne (22-6) last night. 

Inconsistency has been the 
trademark of Triton women's vol-
leyball in 1989, as evidenced by its 
19-12 record. And, for the first 
game and a half, it seemed as 
though this season-long trend 
would continue. 

The Tritons dropped the first 
gamel5-7 and struggled to an 8-8 
deadlock in the second before es-
tablishing any consistency. 

With Diana Klintworth leading 
the way. UCSD won the next seven 
points to even the match at one 
game apiece. 

The Tritons carried that mo-
mentum into game three when they 

jumped to a 5-0 lead and never 
looked back. Dominating from start 
to finish, they took the lead in the 
match with another 15-8 win 

La Verne regrouped in the fourth 
game, however, jumping to an 11-
7 lead. But the Tritons played vir-
tually mistake-free volleyball and 
took the Leopards completely out 
of their offense. UCSD went on an 
eight point run to take final game 
and the match, 15-11. 

"Diana Klintworth was the dif-
ferenceinthematch ,"UCSD Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik said. "We 
ran our offen e great around her." 

The All-American left-side hit-
terpaced the Tritons with 19 kills 
and 35 digs. She was aided by 
senior setter Linda Ross, who 
played one of her best games of the 
season, collecting 52 assists. 

Klintworth felt that the key to 
the victory was the Tritons' ability 
to take advantage of LaVerne's 
weaknes es. 

"We served them really tough 

and got on their players who 
weren't receiving well. We 
blocked, served, and dug well," 
she explained. 

The victory set up UCSD as the 
team to beat going into the play-
offs. 

"We wanted to prove that we 
were the best team, and we played 
well enough to supportthe fact that 
we can do this game in and game 
out," Dannevik said. 

These two will not meet again 
until the regional finals, or the na-
tional championship, where Dan-
nevik expects to see them again. 

Leopard coach Jim Paschal 
looks forward to the possible re-
match. 

"UCSD is beatable, but they 
won't give it up. We will have to 
go out and beat them," he said. 

Klintworth claims they won't, 
"We proved we're the number one 
team in the nation. We might see 
La Verne one more time and if we 
do, we'll beat them again." 

Playoff Action This Weekend for UCSD Soccer 
Women Face 
Most Important 
Tests This Season 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

So the real question is ... which 
team is better? 

Is it last year's Triton women's 
soccerteam - a team that finished 
second in the nation with a 20-1-2 
record, while compiling 18 shut-
outs and outscoring its opponents 
76-7? Oris this year's team-one 
that currently holds a 15-1-1 rec-
ord with 16 shutouts, while 
outscoring its opponents 73-1? 

Either way you look at it, both 
versions of the UCSD women's 
soccer team have one thing in 
common: excellent defense. In the 
last two years alone, goalie Julie 
Freiss has collected 79 saves, 34 
shutouts, and has allowed only 
seven goals. This year, she has 
only let one by-and thanks to the 
Triton defense, has not had to save 
nearly as many. 

Saturday, the Tritons will face 
host Macalesler College (11-2-2) 
in the first round of the NCAA Di-
vision ill West Regional Champi-
onships in a 2 p.m. game in SI. 
Paul, Minnesota. A victory pits 
the Tritons against the winner of 
the SI. Mary 's (12-3) and St. Tho-
mas (8-3-2) contest in the regional 
champion hip game on Sunday at 
I p.m. 

A loss means elimination. 
Last year, the Tritons also trav-

eled to Minnesota for the region-
als, where they took care of host SI. 
Thomas 3-0 in the first round and 
beat Cortland State (NY) 2-0 in the 

MorrillGuardian 
Teresa Schwaar (left) and Scott Rommel (right) have been Integral parts of the Tritons' offenses. 

Uphill Climb for 
Men's Squad; Will 
Be Underdogs 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

The Tritons knew it wasn't 
going to be easy. They had to know. 

Last year, the men's soccer team 
went undefeated - the first UCSD 
athletic team to ever finish an en-
tire season without a loss - and 
wound up on top of the Di vision ill 
soccer world with a 23-0-2 record. 
The Tritons downed Rochester In-
stitute of Technology (RIT) 3-0 in 
the national title game. 

This year, with Craig Gross, 
Scott Hyver, Thien Nguyen (cur-
rently playing for the San Diego 
Sockers) and Eric Dingwall gone, 
the Tritons knew repeating would 
be a difficult task. 

Then, to make matters worse, 
once the season began, along came 

See M. SOCCER, page 15 

finals. UCSD then played in tbe 
national tournament, where it de-
feated Ithaca College (NY) 2-0 in 
overtime in the semifinals, but fell 
the following day to William Smith 
College 1-0 in sudden death over-
time.It was UCSD's first, and only, 
loss of the season. 

Weekend Intercollegiate Sports Attractions... . 

Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus, however, does not plan 
to do anything different if his team 
reaches the national tournament. 

"We should have won it last 
year," he said. "Maybe this year, 
that little bit of luck will be with 
us." 

The team departed to Minne-
sota on a late flight last night. 

l!ba1 
Basketball (M) 
Feocing 
Soccer(M) 
Soccer(W) 
Swimming 

Volleyball (W) 

l!Iul 
GrossmorlE College (Scrimmage) 
Cal Poly Pomona & UCSB at Pomona 
Claremont (NCAA West Regional) 
MacaJestet (NCAA West Regional) 
CAL POLY SLO (Natatorium) 
CAL POLY SLO (Canyonview) 
U.s. INTERNATIONAL 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

DJ&I 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Sunday 
Saturday 
Friday 
Saturday 
Friday 

I1ml 
7:30 
1:00 
1:00 
2:00 
7:30 
9:00 
7:00 

p.m. 
p.m. 
p.m. 
p.m. 
p.m. 
a.m. 
p.m. 

Thursday, November 2,1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Men, Women Placed Second at Nationals Last Year 

Swimmers Ready to Test the Water 
By LINDA SPHARLER 
Contributing Writer 

With UCSD's swim season 
opening this weekend against Cal 
Poly San Luis Obispo, Triton 
swimmers hope to pool their tal-
ents and end up floating higher 
than second place, where both 
teams finished at last year's Divi-
son ill nationals. 

The team has been practicing 
for two months already and sev-
eral swimmers on both the men's 
and women's squads showed 
promise in Saturday's Intrasquad 
Pentathlon. 

Catherine Capri lies, Shannon 
Smith, and Sabrina Lum all broke 
UCSD individual pentathlon rec-
ords. 

Caprilles, a transfer from 
UCLA who was a finalist at the 
NCAA Division I Nationals last 
year, also placed seventh in the 
200 backstroke at the 1988 U.S. 
Olympic Trials. 

Smith, whose strengths lie in 
the 200 and 400 Individual Med-
ley events, broke the long-stand-
ing men's pentathlon record, pre-
viously held by Bill Kazmi-
erowicz. 

Sabrina Lum, another new-
comer to the women's team, 
be ted the pentathlon record for 
first-year swimmers. 

Another outstanding perform-
ance was tumed in by Tim Trap-

nell, who finished just three sec-
onds shy of the Triton intrasquad 
pentathlon record for first-year 
swimmers. 

UCSD Head Coach Bill Mor-
gan said that this year's teams are 
made up of "the most focused, and 
consistently hard-working set of 
people" he has ever coached. 

SWIMMING PREVIEW 

Among Morgan's goals for the 
season arc winning the men's 
conference, and doubling the 
women's pointtotal in the national 
meet. 

This year's women's squad 
includes several talented additions, 
as well as numerous returning All-
Americans. Leading the veterans 
are freestylers Katy Arnold,leona 
Banasazek, Caren Cutler and Julie 
Rankine, breaststrokers Erin Bakey 
and Alice Kirby, and Individual 
Medley and butterfly swimmer 
Cindy Miller. 

First-year hopefuls include 
breaststroker Melinda Hanley, 
sprint freestylers Jamee Couch and 
Jocelyn Rothbard. and Nicole 
Ressler, who placed fourth in the 
200 butterfly at last summer's]un-
ior National Championships. 

"The women's team is going to 
eam what they de erve," Morgan 
said. 

This year's men's squadretums 
the most senior swimmers ever. 

The experienced figures include 
distance freestylers Dave Sacco. a 
third place finisher at last year's 
Division ill Championships in the 
1650 freestyle (15:38), Chris Car-
illo and Brad Thomas, and sprint 
freestylers Rich Daniels, Steve De-
nyos, and Todd Sells. 

Backstroker Greg Goodrich, 
butterflier Don Robertson, and 
breaststrokers Gary Fortune and 
Luke Salerno round out the return-
ing men's powers. 

Newcomers to the men's team 
. include frecstylers Mark Fabien, 
John Rowers, and Jason Tipton, 
along with breaststrokers Hal Od-
den and Taylor Spangler. 

This year's training approach 
has been likened to that of a Divi-
sion I school, as the staff now in-
cludes four assistant coaches, each 
specializing in a different stroke. 

In addition to giving workouts 
and improving stroke technique, 
each assistant coach works c10sel y 
with 10-12 swimmers on goal-set-
ting, motivation, time manage-
ment, and meet preparation. 

"The swimmers have more 
people working one-on-one with 
them now. This breakdown in 
coaching is key to doing well," 
Morgan explained. 

"They have the tools to win," 
Morgan said of both squads, "and 
they're focusing hard on training 
smart right now, so we'll see," 
Morgan added. 

INFORMATION & ACADEMIC LIBRARIES 

CONTEMPORARY 
ISSUES 
50 

SPORTS II 

Now featuring fresh 
breUJed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

l(l 'ode l,l ,I CKtI 

HOUB: 11-1O:Xl Mon.-Thurs.; 
11-11 Sat.; 12-10:30 Sun. 
IA JOLlA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(In Von's Shopping Center) 

, -,~ 
" \ v~ l.JoI'a /lAo (01_. 

"': . 
•• oboo. 

"'e 
~ 
. 

~-:: 

--------------------------

I 

! 2 f9!.J~~ffft: ! 
I One coupon per customer. ExpIrw 11/5/89. I 

~--------------------------~ 

USAF OFFICER RECRUITING 
TOLL FREE 

l-SOO-423-USAF 

~ 
THIRD 
COLLEGE 

Presents 

A Soviet Visit 
to UCSD 

a course designed to teach you strategies 
for doing library research better and faster fIve Black Soviets Share Their Experiences 

T his course provides students with insight into a 
world of information that they 
clearly had no idea existed. 
Students are amazed at the 
amount and variety of sources 
and the specificity they can find 
by using the techniques 
introduced in the class. 

S tudents who have taken el/50 say: "I'd recommend 
this class to anyone (just about) 
- most people aren't aware of 
the 'wealth of resources' 
available in libraries. 

"Many have asked me about this 
class, and I don't hesitate to tell 
them what a fantastic and useful 
one it is." 

"The class is invaluable to anyone 
serious about developing 
research techniques and skills in 
squeezing the last drop of 
information out of the library. H 

One section of CI/50 is offered for 
Winter Quarter, 1990: 

Tuesday IThursday 
9:00-9:50 a.m. 

Location: 
Undergraduate Library Room 2100 

Instructor: Kari Lucas 
Phone: 534-1210 

WINTER 
QUARTER 

1990 

......- Tuesday, November 7th ~ 
3:30 - 5:00 p.m. 

Oceanvlew Lounge 
located on the 

Third College campus 

Come meet a principal dancer of the Bolshoi Ballet. 
a television cameraman. a journalist. a classical sinqer. 

and a Soviet poet on their special visit 
only to San DiE¥>. 

Reception to follow. 
For more InforlTllllion. pleMe call Third Colle~e Dean'! Olflce m 

5)'c· 4l90. 



12 CLASSIFIBDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 

, 

C .... lfled advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
wordsls$1 for students,$3forfacuhy 
and steff and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required; therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(madl payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or pretented In person. 
Please have exect change. Deedllnes 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534-5416 . The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, la Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
LAURA ING - HAPPY 21ST 
BIRTHDAYI Yours Forever, The guy 
who's crazy about you. (1112) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (1112-
30) 
Need a bicycle, cheap?1 Come to the 
UCSD Police Auctionl Bikes, stereos, 
sporting goods, watches, jewelry, 
books, clothes and much morel 
Saturday Nov 11th 10:00am. Pre-
auction viewing 9:00am. UCSD Storage 
facility, 4051 Old Miramar Rd. (1 Block 
west of Regents) For more info. call 
534-4358. (11/2-9) 
SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY & VALUES 
- If you are concerned about where 
our technology is taking us? Can a 
Christian do science with a clean 
conscience? THEN join with us as Dr. 
William Wood (Ph.D. Organic 
Chemistry) leads us in a lively 
discussion. Tuesday, Nov. 7th. 6 p.m. 
Political Science Conference Rm. Blgd. 
#411 MAAC. Sponsored by United 
Campus Ministry. All are welcome. (11 1 
2-6) 
Israeli feature film "Paratroopers." 
Monday, November 6th USB 2722 
5p.m. Followed by Israel Action 
Committee meeting. (11/2) 

kinko'S' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

RISC broomball is Friday night at UTC 
around 11 :30. All members welcome I 
Also, VAIL ALL-CAL, Dec. 9-16, is on 
sale now at Box office. $389 includes 5 
days of skiing, transportation, dances, 
contests, races, picnics, deluxe lodging 
and morel! Tix are going fast. (1112) 
All UCSD students are invited to 
participate in the Fifth College Photo 
Contest in recognition of National 
Geography Week, November 12-18. 
Entry details available in MAAC 202, 
Fifth College Provost OffICe. Deadline: 
November 13,1989. First place is a fifty 
dollar award. (11 /2-9) 
Need a bicycle, cheap?1 Come to the 
UCSD Police Auction l Bikes, ster&os, 
sporting goods, watches, j ewelry, 
books, clothes and much more! 
Saturday Nov 11 th 1 0:00am. Pre-
auction viewing 9:00am. UCSD Storage 
facility,4051 Old Miramar Rd. (1 Block 
west of Regents) For more info. call 
534-4358. (1112-9) 
$$$ for STUDY ABROADI EAPIOAP 
students going abroad winter/spring: 
Apply now for Friends of the 
International Center Scholarships. 
Deadline November 13. Detailsl 
applications in the Opportunities Abroad 
Office. (10130-11/9) 
Mexico Spring Quarter Study and Field 
Experience Program: Student with 3.0 
GPA and one year of Spanish eligible. 
Deadline November 10. Infol 
Applications available (by appointment) 
from Opportunities Abroad Office. (1 01 
30-11 /9) 
$$$ for STUDY ABROADI $6200 
Circumnavigators Club scholarship for 
summer 1990 research. Applicants 
must be UCSD senior in fall 1990. 
Details/applications in the Opportunities 
Abroad Office. Deadline November 13. 
(10/30-1119) 
Be "HYPNOTIZED" RPB Presents 
CHUCK MILLIGAN Monday 11-6-89, 8 
pmRevel!eCafe.Admission$1 .50 (101 
30-11/6) 

SERVICES 
TypinglWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (1112·30) 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLEI 
Special College 

Student Program 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 

NOW OPEN! 
1:r;"'I,~,.J;lJ:t;ttt#.a·1 

~********************~ 4150 REGENTS PARK ROW 
(Narth of Anthony's and Penguin's in Regenu Medical Centre) 

Featuring 24 Varieties of FreshlBaked Bagels 
ALL NATURAL • NO PRESERVATlVES 

Breakfast • Deli sandwiches • Cream Cheese Spreads 

OPEN 7 DAYS Mon.IFri. 7 a.m., Sat.-Sun. 7:30 a.m. 
587 .. 1136 

MAC 1281512 owners I Upgrade to Plus 
level (SIMM's SCSI) $1651$145. Year 
Warranty. COMPUFIX 456-5916. (11 1 
2-13) 

MACINTOSH SERVICE/UPGRADES. 
Component level repair . FREE 
estimates, reasona5fe rates. 
Weekends, PO's OK. Compufix 456-
5916. (1112-16) 
Pet Health Care Veterinarian - call 
459-3279 "cater to students' -10% off 
1 st visit with this ad. (1112) 
WORD PROCESSING: Don Quixote 
wants your businessl Word Perfect 
printed on Laser Jet. $2.00lpg d.space, 
$3.50/pg s. space and resumes. Pick 
up and delivery 10¢/mile. Call Mike 
292-4346 any1ime. Don Quixote, Inc. 
(1112) 
UNSTRESS. Recharge mentallyl 
physically. MASSAGE Therapy $351 
session with UCSD ID. (student, faculty, 
staff) 589-2965. (10123-1112) 
WORD PROCESSING - Fast, 
dependable service. Rush jobs taken. 
Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9128-111 
30) 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (9/18-114) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near Sl Germains. 
452-9949. (10/9-3112) 
WORD PROCESSING -IBM w/ laser 
printer. Student papers and resumes. 
Reasonable student rates. InpuV 
Output. 530-0470. (10/9-1112) 
WORD PROCESSING-NEXT TO 
UCSDI Term papers, manuscripts, 
resumes, theses. laser typeset quality. 
Marsha 535-8260. (10/16·11130) 
WORD PROCESSING, Student Rates, 
papers, dissertation experience, 7 days 
a week, 4.0 English skills , 755-2683. 
(10/16-11/9) 
TYPING I I'll type your term papers, etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. laser printer. 
Call Jennifer 558-6090. (10123-11/6) 
For the lowest fares call us, your friendly 
Ifs a Small World Travel Agent, 459-
0681 . (1 0123-11127) 
Word Processingl Typing - IBMI 
Macintosh systems - APA available -
Spelling corrected - Rush jobs specialty 
- Clairemont 274-8305. (10123-11130) 
TYPING - TERM ,THESES, LEGAL, 
MEDICAL, REPORTS. RUSH JOBSI 
7-DAYS A WEEK. MARIE, 931-9596. 
(10/30-11/30) 
Word Processing Services. Reasonable 
Rates - Excellent Quality. Call 566-
9096 evenings. (10130-11/2) 

WANTED 
Earn $3,000 - $5,000 per month. Part 
time. Drive that new car you wanted. If 
you would seriously like to change your 
current standard of living .. .. call 285-
8948. (1112-13) 

VALETS 
CASHIERS 

Atlention Studentsl The SOUP 
EXCHANGE Restaurant in Downtown 
La Jolla has immediate openings for full 
time and part time Cashiers and Salad 
Bar Attendants. Aexible hours and free 
meals I No experience necessary. Apply 
in person at 7777 Fay Avenue, 
Downtown La Jolla (Fay and Silverado, 
lower level). (11/2) 
HIRING: Busperson , dishwasher , 
cashier, server. Creative Cafe/Coffee-
house. Near campus. Leave namel 
number: 452-9631. (1112) 
Body Guard Drivers - For special 
events $20/per appointment. Flexible 
hours. Must have transportation. For 
app. Mrs. Meal!. 456-0388. (11 /2) 
Models of Lingerie - 75/an hour. 
Female figure boudoir lingeriG models 
for special events. Flex hours -must 
have own transportation. For app. call 
Mrs. Meall 456-0388. (1112) 
RETAil SALES part timelfull time. 
Gingiss formalwear. World largest 
formaJwear renter located at the Costa 
Verde Shopping Center. CaM 294-3008 
for appointment. (1112-6) 

Pat-time office help needed. Data entry, 
phones, etc. Computer experience 
helpful, but not required. Aexible hours, 
easy-going atmosphere. Five minutes 
from campus. $5.50-7.00lhr. Call Jim 
558-6263. (1112) 
MACINTOSHTUTORWANTED-$81 
hr. Someone proficient with most Mac 
soltware, specifically Works, Word, 
CrickeTgraph, Fastback, Hypercard, 
Pagemaker, etc. Please call Brian 546-
9318 any1ime. (1112-6) 
Zebra Copy is hiring customer service! 
production staff. All shifts par1 time or 
full time. Must have a professional 

att~ude, good communication skills and 
enthusiasm . Copy experience 
preferred. Above average pay. 457-
1007 (1112-30) 
Writer needs in-home babysitter for 19 
month-old daughter . 1 pm -5pm 
weekdays and rare evenings . 
Guaranteed monthly sum of $300. Off 
Carmel Valley Rd,5 miies from campus. 
Ann Hanson, 792-2756. (10126-11/2) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place . Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees, customers and suppliers. 
Successful applicants undergo 
extensive training. Average earnings 
$6-1 0,000. Call ' Student Painters" 1-
800·426-6441 . (1015-11/30) 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (9118-114) 
PART TIME/FULL TIME-Deluxe Car 
Wash. Immediate openings for all 
positions . We will fit your school 
schedule. Located at the Coast Verde 
Shopping Center on Nobel Drive West 
of GeneS89. Apply 1-5 PM daily, or call 
587-4844 for appointment. Eves. 222-
5868. (1 0/16-1112) 

Ace Parking Inc., San Diego's larg st parking management firm is looking 
for professional and dependable individuals who would like to join our 
fast moving team. 
Immediate positIons are available in La lolia, The Golden Triangle, and 
many other central locatIons in San Diego. 
We offer FLEX hours, part·time, full·time shIfts and benefits. 
Interviews WIll be conducted in La Jolla /Univer ity City by appointment. 

or you may apply in person at our down. 
town location. 
Bring your valid CA drovers license, D.M.V. 
printout and 5.5. card to /v:e p;arking Inc., 

~rsonnel, 1452 7th Awenue (Beech Street) 
San Diego, CA 92101. For more Informa· 
tlon. Or to schedule appoIntment call 
231-9501. 
Equal Opportunity f mployer. 

Thursday, November 2, 1989 

JOBS JOBS JOBS. UCSD Annual Fund 
flexible hours, on campus. $7Jbonus. 
Cali today 587-1585. (10/23·11/2) 
Market Discover Credit Cards on your 
campus. Aexible hours. Earn as much 
as $10.00Ihour. Only ten positions 
available. Call 1-800-950-8472, ext. 3. 
(10/30-11/6) 

PSYCHOLOGY UNDERGRADS. 
Access your competitive edge with 
research experience conducted at the 
CRC, UCSDand DRG, USIU. Research 
experience, the opportunity for a 
valuable letter of recommendation and 
much more. Diabetes Research Group 
(619) 693-4668. (10/30-1112) 
Assistant Researcher: The Diabetes 
Research Group, US International 
UniverSity, is seeking applications for a 
full time assistant researcher to help 
conduct a NIH longitudinal research 
project. Duties include conducting 
interviews, organizational tasks, 
recruitment, and data management. 
Requires flexible hours, including niglts 
and week-ends. Salary approximately 
$16,000, plus benefits. Send resume to 
Cindy L. Hanson, Ph.D., Diabetes 
Research Group, M-15, US 
International University, 10455 
Pornerado Road, San Diego, CA 92131 ; 
(619) 693-4668. (10/30-1112) 
ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,OOO/year 
income potential. Details (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext Bk 18113. (10130-1119) 
Day Care needed. Cute 13 month old 
girl. Tuesday through Thursday. Del 
Mar area. Janet 481-9483. (10/30-111 
2) 

FOR SALE 
ATARI520ST512K RAM, Disk drive, 2 
monitors (color TV wlR F adaptor & BIW 
monitor), printer, modem, ali cables, 
soltware. Can emulate Mac, IBM, CPI 
M. $700 firm. Call Michael, 584-4501 . 
(1 1/2-9) 
CPIM (Dual-Disc) Computer and 
Brother Daisy-Wheel Printer, Misc. 
software . $600 obo , 286-1124 
(momings). (1112) 
Pugh Moped. $350 or best offer. Almost 
new, runs great. Cal! Karen, Doug, or 
leave message at 436-9451 . Days + 
evenings. (1112) 
1978 Suzuki GS 550 Motorcycle. Runs 
great. Helmet & gloves incl. Call 558-
8638. $500 obo. (1112) 
Huffy scout 12 speed all-terrain 
mountain bike. Great bike to get around 
campus with. Chain & lock included 
$150 firm. Call 558·8126 (5th residence 
halls.) (1112-6) 
'79 Chevette. New clutch, brakes, tires. 
Runs great. Well maintained. Must sell . 
$1,250 obo. 275-2045. (1112-6) 
Tennis racket, Wilson TX-25 composite 
graphite wide frame. used once, paid 
$159, sell $120. Ski boots $25. 
Rossignol skis wlTyrolia bindings $75. 
Systat manuals, new $35. 275-2045 
(1112-6) 
Macintosh 44 Meg Hard Drive. With 1 
year warranty. InVex\ $3951$465. Call 
535·0930. (1112-13) 
1977 Datsun 280Z original owner, 
excellent condition, stereolalarm, AC, 
new paint. $3500 best 574·6217. (1112-
6) 
PIONEER STEREOCASSETIE TAPE 
DECK CT-SSSR. NEW. Auto reverse, 
led meters, solttouch controls, dolby, 
stand-by recording, timer, mic. inputs, 
metal-compatible. Includes cables. 
$80.00 or best offer. call Gerard 459-
7541. (11/2-6) 
CANNON A-1 CAMERA. PERFECT 
CONDITION. shutterlaperture priority, 
programmed, autoftash, manual modes. 
INCLUDES: standard lens, case, strap, 
battery, instructions, warranty. $200.00 
orbest. VIVITAR80:200mmIl4.5zoom 
lens. includes UV filter. $80.00 or best. 
call Gerard 459-7541. (1112-6) 

Thursday, November 2, 1989 

ADOPT A SIAMESE KITTENI Can't 
keep my birthday present. 5 months, 
shots, spunky. Allan 755·3457. (11/2-
6) 
CAR Audio: Concord CX-60 casette 
tuner, 2 Concord 100 Watt amps, 2 
Boston Acoustics 8" drivers, Sony XE-
90 equalizer. Everything new, most wilh 
3 year extended warranties. BO. Carl : 
278-7867 (11 /2) 
TWA Student discounts on airfares 
anywhere TWA fiies - U.S., Europe, 
Middle East, Caribbean & Hawaii -
481-1264. (11/2-30) 
ATTENTION -GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords , 
Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers Guide. 1-602·838·8885 EXT. 
A18113. (10123-1112) . 
1977 Volks Rabbit . 2-door, 4-speed, 
sunroof, amlfm cassette, all records, 
excellent exterior, interior, $1750. 455-
5829 . (10123-1112) 
Piano, antique oak, upright with bench. 
Plays beautifully. $450 obo. 453-4883. 
(10/30-11/9) 
Ticket. One·way. San Diego to San 
Francisco. Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 23. 
$34.00. Leave 12:30 p.m., arrive 3:06 
p.m. Call 573-0447. (10130-1112) 
Alpine 7385 Stereo, Alpine 6255 
speakers, 2 Blaupunkt amps, 5-speaker 
Pyle Driver "pounder: $250.00 259-
0626 (10130-11/2) 

HOUSING 
Roommate Wanted. Condo, Mission 
Beach, ocean front, $300/month, 
parking, laundry, no pets. Robert 488-
3649. (1112·6) 
Room for Rent, Bay Park area $333 
+utilities, 7 minutes from campus. 270-
2647. (10/26,1112) 
Roommate wanted, 2 bd. 2 bath $2001 
mo + uti , UTC, 558·6822. (10130-111 
13) 
Share Mstr Bedrrn, prater male, $2301 
month, 5 min. to school , this month 
free, call Carlos 452-3798, pool, garage. 
(10/30-1 1/2) 
Roommate share 2 bed condo. Non-
smoker, fumished, cable TV, pool. $325. 
John 455·5829. (10/30·11 /9) 
Del Mar3bedroom, 2 bath, pool, carport, 
$950 includes utilities, no pets, 753-
1166,753-3087. (10130-11/2) 

PERSONALS 
Dr. Xavier luc Chabot Felicitationsl Je 
T'aime (1112-6) 
Pi Kappa Phi and Delta Tri , wearing 
boxers, and dapper bowties, had great 
fun. Thanks guys! (11/2) 
Warren commuter breakfasts are backl 
Only 50e every Tuesday, 7:30 am -
9:45 am Provost's office (10/23-11/9) 
Phi Phis I Ya'il better be there for the big 
birthday bash tomorrowl - Pi Kapp 
Bros (1112) 
Yo, Sharlene I Let's find out how to tutor 
San Diego city school kidsl Call 534-
1414 for all the Information. (1112) 
Delt Sigs- We're all , especially Mulfy, 
looking forward to slam dancing with 
you - Sigma K's (11 /2) 
RISC broomball is Friday night at UTC 
around 11 :30. All members welcome I 
Also, VAIL ALL-CAL, Dec. 9-16, is on 
sale now at Box office. $389 includes 5 
days of skiing, transportation, dances, 
contests, races, picnics, deluxe lodging 
and more!! Tix are going fast. (1112) 
Bikini swimsuits from old pantyhosel 
Instructions $2.00, SASE. Giovannini, 
303 S. Hammes, Joliet, IL 60436. (111 
2) 
To the Brothers of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity 
- looking forward to our exchange with 
you this weekend - the Sisters of Pi 
Beta Phi. (11 12) 
Warren commuter breakfasts are back! 
Only 50¢ every Tuesday, 7:30 am -
9:45 am Provost's office (10123-11/9) 
Warren commuter breakfasts are back! 
Only 50e every Tuesday. 7:30 am -
9:45 am Provost's office. (10123·11 /9) 
Experienced white water kayakerl 
canoeist looking for paddling partners, 
call Ed Randolph at 558-0422. (10/30-
11 /2) 
Photographers I Dark Room People I 
TRITON YEARBOOK wants youl 
Meelongs Wed. 5:15 pm. Price Center 
Rm 2413. 534·7491 (10/30·11 /2) 

The UCSD Guardian 

.. 

G 7},e UCSD- " UARI)IAN 
AdvertiSing 
Positions 
now available at the Guardian 

The Guardian is looking for 
energetlc,self-motivated, car-owning 
people for two paid positions: 

ADVERTISING ASSISTANT 

ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

• Color Copies • loser Printing 
• Binding 

• Fax 
• Self Serve Mocs • Typewriters 

call 534-3467 ask for Michael let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

Grand Opening Special 
) , 

DeSD FDRMAL FUNCTIONS 
Peg Pants 
are now available. 

Biggest selection 
Christian O;or, Pierre Cardin, 
Bill Blass, Miami Vice, Dynasty, 
After Six, Lord West, 
and Basic Tuxedos 

Glne:lss Formalwear 
OPENING 
NOV. 11, 19.9 

.. ..... .,,---,-
Costa Verde 
(across from U.T.C.) 
457-4996 

Mission Valley Center 
next to May Co. 
294-3008 

;. 

-~------------------------------------------S 10 OFF ON TUXEDO RENTAL 
911191 .... 101 11'lah.vear 

SAVE $10 ON ANY TUXEDO RENTAL 
Block Classic Tuxedo • While Classic Tuxedo. Silver Classic Tuxedo 

REG. RENTAL PRICE $46.95 
WITH COUPON $36.95· 

• Shoes and Peg Pants are extra 



14 SPORTS 

mRTT DILLon ' JEnniFER GREY' JULIE HRGERTY , RUTG~R HRUER 
mRDonnR ' [SRI mOftRLES ' RnlTR mOHRIS ' RRnOY DunlO 

COLUMBIA PICTURES P' __ II AN AMERICAN PlAYHOUSE ~ THEATRICAL FILM 
"BlOOOHOU DS OF B'K)N}NAY" A'!()("~p,,,,,,, .. COI.MAN deKAY 

'. ~ EcltorCAMILLA TONOLO o..ro oIl'Ilo,ogW>y ELlOT DAVIS 
h'M~P.od~ .. lINDSAY LAW Sc'~ byHONARD BROJKNER & COLMAN deKAY 
PG I11III11. -.cl samu_ Pooo..<ed and IhCTed b) HOWARD B'K)()KNER • 
... tiUWol .~ " 1. -.1* 1 '.tIIU.1I • ~ £~~~~~~t~~ASE ~ 

EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT STARTS FRIDAY! 
MANN 9 AT THE GROVE 
3450 College Avenue' 229-0561 

If you saw the other two ads In today's Guardian, then 
you already know - we need student advertising reps! 
Interested? Cal 534-3467 and ask for Michael Foulks. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 2, 1989 

Irvine, UCSD End in Tie 
Women's Soccer Finishes Regular Season 15-1-1 

By DOUG SHADDLE 
Contributing Writer 

Cruising towards a top seed 
benh at the NCAA Division III 
West Regionals, the women's 
soccer team ran into a slight road-

block Tuesday afternoon when it 
faced the Anteaters of UC Irvine at 
the North Campus Stadium. 

Despite collecting their 16th 
shutout of the season, the Tritons 
could not pull off a victory when 
they were also unable to score, and 

Rhus UqlrIsIOoardian 
Heather Mauro has been taking shooting practice on the opposi-
tion all season. Her 23 goals set a new Triton single-season 
scoring record, breaking teammate Katy Dulock's record of 21. 

the game ended in a scoreless 
deadlock after two ovenime peri-
ods. UCSD, which beat the Divi-
sion II Anteaters 1-0 on the road in 
September, finishes the regular sea-
son with a 15-1- 1 record. 

The game was not as close as 
the score would make it seem. TIle 
Tritons dominated from the kick-
off, never really letting VCl into 
the game. 

The defense, led by seniors Jen-
nifer Kingsbury and Toni Krumme, 
held the Anteaters to only four 
shots on goal. The shutout was the 
team's 16th in 17 games, and ca-
reer number 47 for senior goalie 
Julie Friess who continues to add 
to her school record. 

Although it did not score for 
only the second time this year, the 
offense, which has outscored op-
ponents 73- 1 this year, was far 
from dormant. Strong outings from 
sophomore forward Katy Dulock 
and senior midfielder Sheila Taka-
hashi forced UCI goalie Alicia 
Miller to make 19 saves, as the 
Tritons fired 20 shots on goal. 

"We wanted to win too much," 
Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus said, "but we've gotten 
it out of our systems and we're 
ready to play [in the regional]." 

The Tritons left last night for 
the West Regional in Minnesota. 
(See related aniele, page 10.) 

----------------, UCSD : "EVERYTHING WE SELL IS DISCOUNTED" 
Student: 

Carl's Jr. Special : 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! riFREE ! 
I I I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd I 
I ~=;o=_~;~~~t~~e~g;:~:~ ~~~:u~ ~~:~ ® I 
I other otter or discount. Price does not include tax. ".r."'- J:r. I (1)Ca rl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1989 ~ .a; D.. 
.----~-------------------

OED GALLERY 
because: 

• We ca ter to students . No credit card necessary • No depOSit 
necessary for qualified renters . MOVies, Video recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent . Huge selection of movies 

NEW RELEASES: Ghostbusters II • Dead Bang 
• Dead Calm • Leviathan • Three Fugitives 

COMING SOON: Scroogecl • Troop Beverty Hilla • Batman 

-Bring This Ad 10 Rent nile MOI';e-
and gel a second relltal fur FREE! 

- - - - - - - - - Moiiday thrv-ThursdiiY .-~,':; 11;9i89 - - - - - - - - -
La Jolla Village Center near Ralph's. 450-1554 

8750 Genessee in the COBta Verde Center • 450-1766 
HOURS: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am·8 pm/Fri .. Sat. 11 am·1O 

I I I I 2 LOCATIONS 

~}t . DELTA "FORCE 
.P~ Men's Hi-Top ~ lAir-cushioned) 
Reg. $74.95 
Sale $59.89 

SPERRY TOPSIDER 
ONLY 
$24.95 
Reg. $38.00 

~ i-~ 
AYIA 

AVIA 590 
Reg. $67.95 

Sale $55.89 

SAUCONY 
PRESTIGE MID 

REG. $76.00 
SALE $67.89 

with stvdenlt.D. 
Not valid with sole items ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR AND SPORTSWEAR a..;..,;,;;;..;.;;;;,;~~~ 

NEW ADDRESS! 5590 La Jolla Blvd. next to the French Pan ) 459-4666 

N •• d Ixlra Cash? 
Make Up to $200 per Month 

Are you healthy and 
between the ages 

of 18 and 30? 
All Ethnic Groups Needed 

Sperm Donors Needed Call (619) 165-1407 

Thursday, November 2, 1989 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 10 
the injuries. At one point. regulars 
Scott Goodman, Mike Kappes, 
Mike Bradley, and Alex Savala 
were all forced to sit out. But Head 
Coach Derek Armstrong didn't rest 
on his laurels. 

Armstrong didn't expect to be 
using all the inexperienced players 
he did, but with all the setbacks he 
did not have much choice. Not that 
this was a problem - those rela-
tively "inexperienced" players 
stepped right in during the lean 

Sco ... a 
Cross Country 

UCSD Invitational 
MIll 

1. VCSD35 
1. Point Loma 35 (Tie) 
3. Cal LutheraD 65 

- Top S UCSD Flnisben: 
3. Fox 26:14 
4. Webb 26:.50 
6. Klnney 26:57 
t2. Wynn 28:07 
15. SaatjUm 28:20 

Wemcn 
1. UCSD18 
20 PGiDt lAma 35 
3.USIV" 

,.-,' ., 
- Tap S 1JCSJ) Fillilllea: .. 

, l.j~YJ8;42 
4. ,JoaKn 19:~1 
6. Rockett 20:35 
10. Torres 21:01 
12. Peck 21:13 

times and kept the team afloat. To 
help the situation, Craig Hyde -
who played for USIU last year 
aft.er playing his first couple of 
years at UCSD - returned to the 
defending champions towards the 
tail end of the regular season. He 
helped them win four of their last 
five games. Hyde has already 
scored five goals - tied for sec-
ond on the team - and has distrib-
uted three assists. 

After winning their final four 
games of the season by a cumula-
tivescore of 12-3, the Tritons heard 
the news they were hoping for on 

."" •... 
Soccer 
MIa 

VCSD 1 Redlands I 
·UCSD pia: Alberts. Hyde 

1ICSD5 1..0,. Marymould I 
-UCSD .... : Hanueo (2). Hyde 
(2), West 

Women 
UCSD 6 Claremont 0 

-UCSD pia: DaIock (3), 
Krumme, ~ ScbwIIr 
• UCSD IIIIim: Mauro (3), PlIo 
Placek. Scb_ 

VCSD • UC 1rviDe. 
" 

, 

.. ~~ VoBeybaJl 
UCSDd.CalStalli LA. 
1J.4; GN, ~ JS.4 

-~ (9kil1a) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sunday night - an invitation to 
the NCAA Division UI West Re-
gional Championship. Now comes 
the hard pan. 

This Sunday, the Tritons will 
travel to face Claremont College 
in a I p.m. game. Two and a half 
weeks ago, on Oct. 18, the Tritons 
lost to Claremont 2-1 when the 
Stags scored with 30 seconds left 
in regulation. Armstrong told the 
Guardian last weekend that it 
..... won't be as easy for Claremont 
to beat us as it was last time." 
(Guardian, Oct. 30). 

Should the 17th ranked Tritons 

UCSD d. La Verne 
'.15, 15-8, 15-8, 15-11 

·KIiatwonh t9 k111t; 35 dip 

Men's Water Polo 
Cal 9 UCSD3 

- UCSD pis: Goodricll, Sella, 
YOOIII 

Claremont Mini-Tourney 
VCSD 10 Air Force , 

- UCSD pis: 8rowII 3 
VCSD 19 a.remoat 10 

.l/CSD .,. 8rowII9 

RECORDS & RANKINGS 

~L:r -.... 
X-Country (M) .-

--
-- 17th 

X-Country (W) .-
-- --

13tb 
Soccer{M) U 5 3 17tb 
Socctr(W) 15 1 1 1st 
Volleyball (W) 19 12 0 1st 
Water Polo (M) 17 11 0 9th 

With Macintosh 
you can even do this: 

New 88N 
Open... 880 
Close 

Saue Rs •.• 
t· .... " .... ·· .. · .... , .. · .... · .... .. · .............. ·· 

Print ... 
Quit 

Madmosh· computers have 
always been easy to use. But they've 
never been this easy to own. 

Presenting The Macintosh Sale. 
Through January 31, you can save 

hundreds of dollars on a variety 
of Apple-Madntosh computers and 
peripherals. 

Madntosh Sale, you can wind up with 
much more of a computer. 

Without spending a lot more money. 

So now there's no reason to senle :~~~~~iiij~e for an ordinary PC. With The .. 

•• The Macintosh Sale. 
NoN through january 31. 

(12-5-3) come away with a vic-
tory, they will compete the follow-
ing weekend against the winner of 
the other half of the West Regional 
when Colorado College and St. 
John's of Minnesota match up in 
Colorado. Though it has not faced 
St. John's, UCSD defeated Colo-
rado College 2-1 in the first round 
of the Grand Canyon Tournament 
on Oct. 13. 

The West Regional receives a 
bye this year, so the overall winner 
of the regional will automaticall y 
eam a benh in the four team na-
tional tournament. 

In the Bleachers 

'SlAY Br\1(.AND 
BlOCK, D~ STAY 
BtCK ~D BlOCK· ... 

I'M SICK OF THIS \ 

SPORTS 15 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 

Phil is on vacation. 

by Steve Moore 

" j! II 
I 
J 

_ . ,,\" J 

\ . . , , (t. 

The 7th Annual Martial Arts Festival 
will be held 

Saturday, November 4, at 6:00p.m. 
in the Main Gym, UCSD 

Open House at 6:00p.m. in the Main Gym lobby 
PealUring a Chinese food smorgasbord and 

information about Mattial Arts groups 
Demonstrations at 7:00p.m. in the Main Gym 

Peaturing active performances by the following dubs and classes: 

Aikido, Aoinagl Karate, Tal Chi, 
WashJn Kyo Karate, Tang Soo Do, 

Japan Karate, Taekwondo, and 
San Soo Kung Fu 

Free Admission 

Sponsored by 
UCSD Campus Recreation 

Martial Arts Council 
ASUCSD 

Chung King Loh 

-



_1_6 __________________________________________ ~T=h~e~U~C=S=D=_G~uM~ru=·an~ _____________________ T_h_ur __ sd_a~y~,~N~ovember2,1989 

3-0n-3 Basketball Wraps up Regular Season on Sunday 
The regular season for 3 on 3 baskelball 
ends this Sunday. There are some inter-
esting matchups on the final day that will 
help bring the playoff picture into focus. 
For tlls off-season sport every team will 
makethepiayoHs. in either the above .500 
or the below .500 divisions. Here is a look 
at each division and who are the ikely 
contenders. 

AM. 
One team has dominated the field thus far. 
AndIyWagstaffs LETS JUST PLAY squad 
has had il\le trouble beating up everyone 
in this division. Despite losing their most 
talented player to a lootballinjury. Wags', 
Hutch. and Frantic have found a new 
chemistry that has them cruising on all 8 
cyfinders. The rest of the field is led by 
RAIN IN' 3's who was the only team to 

make LETS JUST PLAY break a sweat or 
lace up their sneakers. Also playing for 
second place will be PUBLIC ENEMY. 
TOO QUICK. and THIS IS MY HOUSE. 
On Sunday TOO QUICK will get a chance 
at LETS JUST PLAY in a game that prom-
ises to have plenty of fireworks as both 
these teams are very corrpetitive. Don·t 
look lor any change in lorm though. 
Wagstaff and Co. have won just about 
every basketball event to be played here 
at UCSD over the past two years. and 
there is no reason to think that the streak 
will end. 

AI. 
This division is loaded with talented teams 
who win contend lor top honers. A late 
entrant has developed as the team to 
beat. DINNER has racked up an impres-

Budman's Intramural Flag 
Football Playoff Preview 

lllIIII IYdIDlO'I Comments 
MEN'SMA 
1. SAE4-1 3-2 Have alille tools. bu1 division Is tough. 
2. SnacK At The Dumpster 4-1 2-1 SIZe and Speed coutd equal championship 
3. Cho<:oIata City 3-2 4-1 Not the fine tuned machine of the past bu1 st.iI 

good 
4. ~ Fogcutter 3-2 5-1 Spread otfense may gM! them a chance at title 
5. Shockies 2-2 10.1 No '0' wil be downfall 
6. York Hu1t Club 2-3 14-1 Once ~ 18a'n looks OId~ 81 besl 
7. Ebony Men1 -3 25-1 Not equal to the rest bu1 could surprise 
MEN'S AA 
1. Bushmen 5-0 9-5 " piayers eligible, should win n 
2. Aerobic Motel ~ 3-1 Houston Oilers of 1M's may get penalized 

out of n 
3. Powerhouse 5-0 4-1 Have n aI. Wi. be In fll\8l 
4. Slow & Easy 4- I 9-2 Won easy league. Playoffs Mil te111aIent 
5. T., ~ &A Monkey 4-1 5-1 Can win n n OB play is solid 
6. Kick. Drink & Steal 4-1 6-1 &lc*nan's Sleeper pick. Have everything 

bu1size 
7. Badnad "'" 15-1 BIggest ine In 11.1'5. Won' be enough 
8. Big Als Soldiers 4-1 22-1 Need more th<wI a 88 goo 10 win n 
9. Cutting Edge 4-1 2~1 Wi. be iMng on H lKI\il the second g;rne. 
10. Righi WIOg Death ~ 3-2 50.1 Waldctalk's -nors bener plan a sneak at1ack 

MEN'S A 
1. Rob's \'t1lipped SoC 3-2 Wonl win H because Rob's whipped 
2. Premat\le Legends SoC 7-4 How dd you guys end up SoC? 
3. Get A Grip 5-0 2-1 Sancbgger1 as ~, come on Chris!!!!! 
4. Buster Hyman 5-0 5-2 Sandbaggers will beat Get A G~ 
5. Lemonheads 5-0 5-2 as c:atries learn. That's how bad they are. 
6. Anal Shth 5-0 3-1 These droppings can play 
7. Fourth SIring 5-0 4-1 Bodman's upsel pick 
8. SpWIlS 5-0 5-1 Won tough leIIgue-shoufd be ranked higher 
9. Minor Tire8l4-f &-1 Go-.- '0' absolutely no 'D' 
10. Dead Crew Scabs 4-1 100-1 WII not cross ine 

COEDAA 
I. Uberace's Deep Tlveat 5-0 1-5 Bel the ranch-They're 100 good 
2. The Bak:hIn Gang 5-0 1I~-1 Have talenl but speed wi. bum them 
3. II Happens 5-0 15-1 May make final , bu1 witl nollike results 
• . Bil's 6th Season 5-0 22-1 BeIl8r stay one more W you wanl a title In coed 
5. 1M Hipp s-o 50-1 Nice te.n, no chance 
6. Cutting Edge .-0 75-1 Forfeit wins give no indcation of talent 
7. V'oolel11 Fenvnes 4-I 85-t VioIftnce wonl help Femmes 
8. T t>rrey's Club 4-I 86-1 May have only chance 01 playing wrth Uberace 
9. Team RAT. "'" 100-1 Best 100-1 pick in the playoffs 
10. Go Deep & Often 500-1 This is a good fMlId bet, but I wouldn' bet h 

or Long 

COED A 
1. The Mob 3-2 3-1 I hear they own the refs 
2. The Injured Reserve 3·2 4-1 May heal in playoffs 
3. Warm Popsicies 3·2 5-1 Good \tam Mil be in final 
4. F1acid Cow Get harder 3·2 6-1 This te.n is a contradiction 
5. Your can, Rush GeniUS 3-2 7-1 Or~ps 
6 TJird's 3-2 11).1 May finisllihere 
7. '0. What A Rager 2-2 5O-t But are you on the football field? 
8. The NQO.Elglbies 3-2 75-1 I'U be wa1d1ing 
9. U Ain·t Nobody 2-3 105(rl Odds prove tt 
10. Lost cause 1-2 1564-1 You're right 

sive 12-0 record while allowing opponents 
an average of only 2 points per game. 
Probably Ihe second choice in this field is 
the ZANY ZEPHERS, who also sport an 
unblemished record. These two collide on 
Sunday in a showdown for the top spot. 
AIR WARREN had some trouble the first 
week. but has rebounded 10 posl a 10-2 
mark_ On Sunday they meet the only team 
10 beat them in a remalCh with FEE PHI 
FO FUM. If either squad falters BATES 
MOTEL II coutd win this league with a 
sweep on Sunday. 
In the 8:00 league FRO BROS has 
emerged as a force. They have only one 
loss and that was a first week setback to 
WANT SOME. GET SOME. These two 
hook up again this Sunday to sellle the 
league CIOWtl. 
The best 01 the rest night inckJde G<). 
RILLA BISCUITS and J.T. & THE URINE 
SAMPLES. These two teams splil games 
when they met on Od 8. Neither squad 
has lost since. They meet again on Sun-
day in what promises to be a bailie. 

A 
You want parody? TIls <i'Iision has it. 
Anyone of a handful of teams could take 
the crown in this free-for-all. WE AINi 
NO MAGIC rrust be considered a favorite, 
on experience alone. On Sunday they wiN 
clash with division co-leader YOU'RE 
SHORT. This tearn is very appropriately 
named as they average 6'4' across the 
6ne. The contest proves to be a classic 
confrontation of 'speed' agaJnst size. 
MAGIC bener not miss any shots because 
at an average of 5'3' they won1 see many 
rebounds. 
IT'S ABITNIPPY got oH 10 a iate start. but 
has quickly risen to the top of the 6:00 
league. They have scored twice as many 
points as their opponents, and have es-
tablished an IHl record. They should be 
tested this Sunday by LONGANDSHORT 
and EARLY MORNING OSTIFFIES' and 
who are currently in second and third 
place respectively. 
One leamfrom the 5:00 league has waltzed 
through the regular season schedule. 
SKUNKS. MAGGOTS AND A DAIRY 
COW is undefeated and has outscored 
opponents by a total 01 over 100 points. 
This veteran squad at this point in the sea-
son may be the best team in this division. 
Some question their record as their com-
petition has generally been under-
whelming. Against the tougher teams in a 
playoff fonnat they may have get in over 
their heads, but thai remains to be seen. 
The bestoftl18 rest includes SPAZ (11-1), 
MYOLD'PE'LOCKER(I1-1). GAMESOX 
(7-1) and JUST DO IT (6-1). Any of these 
contenders could be there on champi0n-
ship Sunday. but in this division, where 
parody reigns, it is often a Iongshot who 
upsets a complacent front-runner and 
steals the title. 

POLO 
PLAYOFF 
FEAVER I 

The FBI Tube-Polo season the playoff action 
begins on Thursday Nov 9. in AM, AA. & A 
divisions according regular Captains can 
come down to or call (534-4037) to get pairing that wiN be. 
available on Nov. 7. The playoff tournaments will feature the most talented 
teams at each level which will provide a highly competitive environment. The 
skilled staff 01 Tube-Polo officials will have their hands full keeping a lid on all the 
action. 

BudMan's PliJyoff Predictions 
lID:1I5 ~~ 
AAA 
SWIM FAGS 3-0 
SAMMY HOSERS 4-0 

TEAM 1694-0 
DEJA VU 4.0 
POWERFlA. POND SCUM 3-0 

AA 

2-1 Talent at every poslion, except goD 
4-1 NcHlne has ever won AI. & AM 

bac:K-to-back 
9-2 Playing tiki a team of dNtiny 
10-1 Showdown with 169 tonight 
15-1 Not tested In league, Ye1 

THE II FISHPOINTERS 4-0 3-2 Greal defense should win n 
HOlE NOTES .-0 2-1 Beat up on 11\ easy league 
ZONK MY KONK 4-0 3-1 Should gat to final-lOll 
HOlE NOTES 4-0 7-2 Sleeper I8im thai could come alive 
G<X.DILOCKS 4-0 4- t PNIdng at the right lime 
KANAKAZ1 WATER FOWl4-0 5-1 0 .... c:hIIIce. II tonight 1111:30 

THE ATEAM 4.0 8·1 Two solid squads who ~ IasI nlght -
TUBING ON SUNDAY 4-0 retufIs not IYIiIIbIe 

HElL & HIGH WATER 4-0 11).1 Hard 10 dIIrI, had a weak league scheduIt 
MUTANT BOTIOM FEEDERS 4.0 100t Great reoord, easy league 

A 
fliPPER GETS PISSED OFF 3-1 5·1 Exns toughest league with minor damage 
BETTY FORD ALLSTARS 3·1 
SAMMY BASKET WEAVERS 3-1 
TUBElESS BUT POTENT 3-1 
THE LOOKS 2-2 

6·1 Hope they got straightened out 
8·1 JV squad could surpose 
I ~ 1 Has a shot in this wide open affair 
20.1 Need a win to get In, upeet special 

THE BUD POUND 
(1M Volkyball Rankings) 
.-N" AU 
lMn/llw: 
1 SUP£RWHAlES AND NDIDS (11-1) 
2 GOOD SETS (H ) 
3 SHUT UP AND LOSE (H) 
4 BURNT TOAST (W) 
5 _ E(5-7) 

MEN'S M 
1 TEAM PAIN ('2~) 
2 BRAD'S HAlRV BUTT (12~) 
3 IMELDA VALENZUELA (12-0) 
4 ... IIOTTEN IAHO_ (12-0) 
S DeL TOPECTDIIALII (10-2) 
• C.I AND THE TOAST (11 -1) 
700...0 STIWCIHT DOWN (N ) 
• WORK THE lOX (10-2) 
• OLD AND 8UII'f <--1) 
10 THE LITTlE PICKERS (N, 
.-N" A 
, TEAM JUMP8KY (10-2) 
2 ~ IIIOT1I (10-2) 
up 
3 BRENT UKU IOYS (11-1, 
4 STOP. DROP, AND IIOLL (N) 
5 8UPERDINKlI (H) 

WOMIJI'SAA 
1 CHAllEHGtNCl CHICI<S ( 1 2~) 
2 WHCr8 DAVE (10-2) 

3 WE on ON OUR KNEES (N) 
4 rrs JANE'S FAUlT (10-2, 
5 WHAT? NDNAME l7-5, 

_ 'S A 
1 BUIll' AND 0_ (11-1) 
2 PEPSI ALL-sTARS (12-11, 

3 DAVE'S HAREM (11-') 
4 CARIBOU NOODLES (1-1, 
5 JUST DO IT (1B-2) 

r m 

TIIdng " In .... oIohIng " out IIIeItIng to __ .., ... oppoaIIIOn 
.,-.g. __ on_ ......... 
...... __ T-, 
WInning !lUI not moving up 
PoppIng up ........ 11g/II-Shoutd ........... __ 
_ ng 1hII. _ tn ... pot1 
~ DIoIrory" _ off'lllurMey 
PMIdng 1hII. _ tnID ... big 111M 

... .. top, !lUI not 10. long A big __ Sun. _ _ fIUYI 

UIIM to ......... toot 
OK, oaeaIIt 
III ....... will YI guyal 

OnIyo...._In_.way 
Fuutng """,lid. but ...,. be on top II 
....... 
And _ . -..ely nwIdng'" 

--
LooIdng MIld. but IIIIt "'-811 
IIItt 1ecIdng _ wily 

Laet . geme, bul lO _t 
WMn I . .. ctwet __ ~ng 10 
_ II? 
can _ .......... nlgllt too? 
_to"""' _ _ ',_ 
-TaIdnO cere of bualnH' 

The Bud Page is a paid advertising feature lor Coast Distributing. 

tATO~ 
arts entertainment 

Donny Osmond Is Back! 
Trying to alter the public's view, 
he jumps back into the pop Imusic 
scene with a new image and sound" 
But does he still wear purple 
socks? 

'/4.1at would you think if, for your very first interview, 
your editor said to you the words, "Donny Osmond"? 
Tremendous excitement? Awe of the Osmond legend? 
Overwhelming gratitude for the chance at free concert 
passes? . 

Although these were not the precise feelings flowing 
through me at the time of this announcement, if you look 
at my title, located under my by-line, you will understand 
why I can be made to do these things. 

We all know Donny Osmond as the "purple caped icon 
of the Seventies"; the guy half of the "Donny and Marie 
Show"; the performer of such hits as "Puppy Love" and 
"A Little Bit Country, A Little Bit Rock and Roll." If con-
fronted with his name, we mightfleetingly wonder, "Does 
he still wear purple socks?" 

However, most of us would have a lot of trouble rec-
onciling that image with the picture of a performer with 
two top-ten hits and a nationwide tour that kicked off here 
in San Diego last Wednesday. So this intrepid reporter 
went deep behind enemy lines to talk to the source, 
Osmond himself. 

To start off our twenty-minute telephone bonding time, 
I jumped in and asked Osmond how he felt on tour after 
ten years and what we could expect in a Donny Osmond 
concert. I figured I had pressed a really wrong button, 
because he immediately began rambling on about plans 
involving purple capes, "Puppy Love," Hawaiian Punch 
and a duet with Marie. 

During this revelation of his concert plans I kept on 
thinking "Golly gee. How cool. Is my editor really going 
to make me go to this?" Then, with his incredibly good 
sense of humor, Osmond revealed the whole thing as a 
joke. Ha, ha, 

See OSMOND, page 6 

, 

D 
NOVEMBER 2, 1 989 

Story By Mike Berta D 
Hiatus Intern 



MI ... M ... 1 .... nI. Th .... n 
566-1917 

Second Sight Look Who's Talking 
Phantom of the Opera The Bear 

Unlv.nlty To.... C.n .... 
452-7766 

Worth Winning Immediate Family 
Next of Kin Dad Look Who's Talking 

The Bear 

La .loll. VIII... Theaten 
453-7831 

The Fabulous Baker Boys Gross Anatomy 
Black Rain Crimes and Misdemeanors 

An Innocent Man 

Ken CI ___ •• 283·S909 
through Nov. 4: The Four Adventures of Rein ette and 

Mirabelle 
Nov. 5-7: Jan Szankmajer--Alchem ist of the Surreal 

Ive.., Fri. & Sat •• t Midnight: 
Rocky Horror Picture Show 

, pme: . .. pMIC:$~t*Cberurthe·_~PJa1"/1 
wbo<'!JWK.~ eM be.. too, can 

.; .... 
Ar.any time. anyone who haspoue':tlioA c( the pitcher can 

decide to taketbe money attbe bott.om.Allhe hili to de> is finish 
the pitcher. ' * . 

'Tbc .mategy of the game quickly becoRles obvious. Each 
drlnbr wbodecide& not to~the.money will drink • little 
as poi5ib1e. The quanas will accumulate, and the pirciu:r will 
remain virtually full. Whenever someone decides to "drink for 
dollal$:~~ win stillbavea very1ij11 pitchertoaxttead with. 'The 
intrtpjdplayer "dec:~ fhatthe accumulated fund is enouah 
compensatiop forpoa$l"bly having t.o "reveraedrink" the pitcher 
minutes later. 

Party Safe .,.; Don't Drink and Drive 
The GtWdIan does not condooe the c~ of alcohol by 8i01'11 

Reprinced "'lth~~:::::~=1:~~~::~~~~~~=~ BtnRand.AndyG 1989. I\vaiWIDI~allOCaII 
booUtore~()[fnxnMUSWI&Pub~,POb 9J27.~ Havm. CT06S3J 

TRIM & TAN 

W:TH TillS AD 
ioI ulfl 5)'51cm • 2"d 30 Tu" D~)'s S19.99 

--------------------LOSE 6" GUARANTEED Expim 111/5189 
European Body Wrap $48 (reg. $98) 

Plus afree $20 jar offacial sea clay 
• Not a temporary waler loss · Reduce celluli te · No e>crCISC or dlcis 

--------------------
TRIM & TAN 3251 Holiday Ct. #204 above SI Germam's 4550909 

• College 697·2122 TAN ' PaCIfiC Beach 581 ·9060 
• Mission Valley 542·0391 4 LESS • Sports Arena 2249727 

Coffeehouse With 
Artistic Intentions 

The CCC restaurant. like the 
coffeehouse. is very comfortable. 
Currently. it isserving as an exten-
sion to a La Jolla art gallery by 
displaying a variety of paintings 
from the gallery's collection. 

Perhaps most exciting is what 
the future holds for the CCC: there 
are big plans for this little coffee-
house. Once co-owners John 
Thaxton and Luis Wong are 
through tying up the business end 
of the newly-opened establish-
ment. they intend to begin con-
centrating on the creative part. 
They want the CCC to become a 
forum for San Diego's arts and 
artists. The plan is to display the 
works of San Diego's writers in the 
bookshelves and its artists on the 
walls. 

by Marie Pastem;lk 
Hiatus Intern 

In September, a great thing 
happened to coffee lovers in San 
Diego. The Creative Cafe and 
Coffeehouse (CCC), a restaurant 
and adjoining coffeehouse, opened 
in University City and brought 
with it a little bit of the coffee 
culture to this area. 

The cafe itself is small and com-
fortable. Despite the somewhat 
mundane furniture, traditional jazz 
as well as classical music work to 
create a relaxing and almost bohe-
mian mood. Bookshelves contain-
ing newspapers and magazines 
along with French Impressionist 
paintings decorate the walls and 
throughout the room is the com-
forting aroma of gourmet coffee 
blends such as French Roast, Kona 
and Columbian. 

The quiet atmosphere is very 
conducive to studying as well as to 
sitting and solving the world's 
problems with a few friends. On 
warm days, you can bask in the 
sunlight on the patio while sip-
ping Espresso or cafe au lai t and 
choosing from a variety of pastries. 

cakes and muffins. The coffeehouse 
is suited to long visits and these are 
not discouraged. For those want-
ing to indulge, there is the won-
derful, and almost unheard of, 
bonus of free refills served right at 
your table. 

The CCC also features a res-
taurant which serves a variety of 
salads, sandwiches, pastas and 
entrees. Lunches are under $6 and 
dilUlers do not exceed $8. Entrees 
are served with a delicious bread. 
popular withCCC customers. All 
meals are freshly prepared by Chef 
Francisco Americo Maldonado, 
who formerly worked as a chef in 
La Jolla's renowned George's At 
the Cove restaurant. 

Future plans also include po-
etry readings and musical perform-
ances by those looking for a place 
to be heard. The ultimate goal for 
the CCC is to have it become a 
creative and intellectual center. 

Thaxton may be familiar to 
See COFFEE, page 6 

--------

Customers relaxing at the Creative Cafe and Coffeehouse 

Hiatus Staff 
Hiatus Editor Staff Writers Mike Berta 

Patty Jettie Laura Baker Wende Bischoff 
Eric Gustafsen Walter R. Sitts 

Associate Hiatus Editor Christina Huizar Scott Casmer 
Nancy Muntner Jean Suzuki James Darflw 

Audrey Lyn Winterer Pierre de Gaillande 
Music Editor Josh Odintz JoceIIza Gonzaga 
Bryan Dias Lara Heisler 

Interns Kevin Hultquist 
Editorial Assistant Caroline Altman Marie Pastemak 

Jennifer Yancey Ramine Bahrambegi Mike Schwartz 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 value. First-time clients only.)-

1 12 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Eyebrows 
Uppel lip 

Chin 
Underarms 
Breast 

Stomach 

Fingers 
Legs 
Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 
• American Medical Association 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

558-0888 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

b Joll. Village 
Profe •• ion.. Center 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 
' £Xpius 11115189 

2 HIATUS NOVEMBER 2 1989 

theatre 
Exploring 'Fefu And Her 

Friends' 
By Christina Huizar 
Hiatus Staffwriter 

What do you get when you put 
eight socially-privileged women in 
the same New England farmhouse 
during the 1930s1 You get "Fefu 
and Her Friends." a play which 
will he performed, largely by gradu-
ate students. at UCSD's Mandell 
Weiss Theater. The play will run 
Nov. l-5 and 7-
12 at the War-

because o. the 'unusual treatment' 
of the staging." 

Written by Cuban-American 
painter-playwright Maria Irene 
Fornes, "Fefu and Her Friends" is 
regarded as Fornes' pivotal work. 
marking a change in writing style 
to a more intense and political 
vein. Fornes has written seven plays 
in all and won seven Obie Awards. 

Graduate students in the thea-
ter department's 
Professional 

ren Theater. Training Pro-
"Fefu and gram to perform 

Her Friends" are Devon Allen 
focuses on the (Emma), Marcie 
reunionofeight Hoffman (Fefu), 
women and guest artist Lucy 
then explores Garcia (Paula), 
each relation- Archer Martin 
ship individu- (Christina). 
ally. This idea Georgia Martin 
conjures up im- (Cecilia). Molly 
ages quite simi- Powell (Julia), 
lar to "The Big Carmen Sosa 
Chill," only on (Cindy) and Kim 
a more feminist Devon Allen and Marcia Hoffman Cruley-Walsh 
note. Livingroom reminiscing and (Sue). 
high-spirited kitchen scenes are General admission tickets are 
only a few that come to mind. $10 and can be purchased at the 

Mary Coleman, the play's di- UCSD Mandell Weiss Theater 
rector, said. "The play explores re- Ticket Office. For more informa-
lationships in a surprising manner tion, call 534-4574. 

Mikey (Jason Schaller) applies a comforting ice pack to James's (John Travolta) head. 

'Look Who's Talking': 
More Than Mere Baby Talk 
By James E. Ingman 

Contributing Hiatus Writer 

I am going to let you in on a 
little secretthatl discovered. Now, 
other. more famous film critics (like 
Rex Reed and Gary Franklin) may 
try to convi nee you tharthis film is 
a waste of time and should be 
avoided at all costs. But don't lis-
ten to them. listen to me. a college 
student like yourself who knows 
the type o f movies that we like. 

"Look Who's Talking,"starring 
Kirstie Alley and John Travolta 

and directed by Amy Heckerling 
("Fast Times at Ridgemont High"). 
is the type of movie that is not 
going to change the world, not 
going to change your morals. it's 
not even going to make you think. 

What this film will do is de-
liver two hours of pure entertain-
ment and unending laughter. From 
the opening cred its, which con-
tain the most hilarious beginning 
to a movie I've ever seen (00 
NOT MISS IT!), un til the cur-
tains close, this film is a sheer joy 
to watch. 

• movies 

The plot is simple enough. 
Mollie (Kirstie Alley) is a single 
working mother who wants to fi nd 
a suitable father for her newborn 
son , Mickey. 

The ch ild's natural fa ther , 
Albert (George Segal), wants 
nothing to do with neither Mollie 
nor Mickey, for he is "going 
through a selfish phase." Yet, 
Albert does seem to always be 
trying to pry his way back into 
their lives. 

James (John Travolta) is the 
cabbie that drives Mollie ro the 
hospital as she is going in to labor 
with Mickey. J ames later befriends 
Mickey and then Mollie. From 
there you can basically guess the 

See LOOK, page 8 

Sur's~de 
...:....:R------=E=--~S----.:.T----.:.A~ ....... -=U:.....--.:.....:....R ---.-....:.-.A~.:......:N_ T 
N G H Te L U B 

JUDY 
MOWAn 

THE HIGH PRIESTESS OF REGGAE 
of Bob Marley & The I-Threes 

PLUS 
OUEEN EKANAM 

* ONE SHOW ONLY * 
Tickets $10 

THURSDAY, NOV. 2. 1989-DOORS OPEN 8:30 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT SURFSIDE OR LOU'S RECORDS 

DOORS OPEN AT 8:30 PM MUST BE 21 
635 S. HIGHWAY 101 • SOLANA BEACH. 755-4813 

3 HIATUS NOVEMBER 2 1989 



Beat Farmers 
Poor and Famous 
MCA 

What can be said about a band 
of beer-guzzling, broad-jumping, 
guitaHoting stage cowboys with a 
name like the Beat Farmers? They 
are not just simply Farmers, but 
Farmers with a Beat. Their new 
LP, Poor and Famous is a genuine 
attempt at a smooth ride through 
the Wild West, and these Farmers 

ADORABLE ANIMAL 
RUBBER STAMPS! 

GIANT CATAUX; FRA'MUNG 
OVER lin) DESlCNS! 

~ 
SEND 1300 fOl CATALOO TQ 

iBEF!W.IIlLE fI'IH lIlNMJlI ORDER) 
CRl'ITER Plillffl 
P.O. BOX 556 DEPT. G 

SOLANA BEACH, CA 92075 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village Center 

put on vinyl a pitchfork-pop 
melange that is not to to be over-
looked. 

The Beat Farmers, who formed 
in 1983 and have released fou r LPs 
and one English EP entitled Glad 
'n' Greasy, are made up of "Coun-
try" Dick Montana on drums, 
vocals and occasional guitar and 
accordion; Jerry Raney on vocals, 
guitar and drums; Joey Harris on 
vocals, guitar and drums; and Rolle 
Love on bass. 

This LP, Poor and Famous, might 
just be the turnaround that these 
farmers need. It is quite possible 
that the cash starts rolling in to 
make up for all the hard work and 
touring they've done since '83, 
which has earned them fans bur 
not funds. 

On these ten tracks, there is a 
blend of hoe-down humor and 
well-polished western pop that is 
atthesametimegrittyandsmooth. 

"Socialite," the opening tunc, is a 
loser's lament about the girl who's 
so bu y and so cool that "she won't 
even look you in the eye," and the 
blend of horns and grungy guitar 
kicks off the record deliciously. 

The rest of the record pretty 
much sticks to this George Thoro-
good-meets-the-BoDeans brand of 
rock. 

But of course, there are also 
those moments when the Farmers 
allow good 01' Country Dick to 
ramble up to the microphone and 
bellow out tunes like "If I Can 
Hold Out," an ode to sexual will-
power disguised as a love song, and 
"King of Sleaze," Country Dick's 
auditory autobiography. 

Basically, it's safe to say that 
the Beat Farmers have cleaned up 
their act. Or at least their studio 
act. But for all their belching, law-
breaking, cussing, and brawling, 
the Beat Farmers have proven wi th 
Poor and Famous that they can lay 
down some mighry enjoyable and 
even sellable tunes. 

-Pierre de Gaillande 
Hiatus Intern 

An all-new laser show set to the timeless 
music of Pink Floyd 

Also, still sIIowinO 
Summer of '69. 
A musiCiI mind-trip. 

Open evenings, too! THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

For 
shaw 111111 

Cln 231·1111 
Balboa Parll 

g;r;t 
f.&iI.iJ a choice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 
(10 Days After Conceplion) 

• Affordable Birth Control 
call 

The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

Lenny Kravitz 
Let Looe Rule 
Virgin 

Lisa Bonet has a husband? In 
many cases, ignorance is bliss. But 
not in the case of Lenny Kravitz. 
The 25-year-old artist has success-
fully created a sixties sryle album, 
Let Love Rule , by meshing the 
sounds of the Bearles, Bob Dylan, 
Prince and John Lennon's solo 
works. 

Many groups have tried and 
failed to create a sixties sryle al-
bum. What distinguishes Kravitz's 
work from the pack is the simplic-
ity of his music and his honest, 
deep lyrics. Kravitz has complete 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Christina and Mark 

Women 517 (reg . $25) 
Men 514 (reg. $19) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut 550 

comrol over the album and is able 
to get the sound that he is looking 
for, which is a rich mix of soul, 
rock and folk. 

It is quite apparent on numer-
ous cuts that the Searles had a 
huge effect on many of the songs. 
TI1e title cut sounds as if Lennon 
sings the lead and McCartney sings 
the backup vocals. 

What marks the difference is 
Kravitz's heavy reliance on jazz 
and funk. Lee Love Rule combines 
these elements with an erratic sax 
solo to create a beautiful ballad. 

The best song of the album is 
"Rosemary," a tune about an aban-
doned child. Kravitz takes the 
Dylan approach of great acoustic 
guitar combined with an upbeat 
tempo at the end of the song. 

Like Dylan, Kravitz's lyrics are 
brilliant: "Eyes of brown, matted 
locks of gold I Her flowered dress is 
tattered and soiled / Tear-stained 
cheeks, her feet cold and bare I 
Who could have left a child so 
rare." 

What Kravitz is missing is the 
spontaneity and freedom which 

See LENNY, page 5 

For appointment. p/~as~ call 457-2930. a950 VUIo La JolI4 Dr., 
S/~. 2120, 1.0 Jol/a (b~h;nd £1 Torito d;rl'C/~V across ramp.) 

. 

A CREATIVE 
~ CAFEIND 

~ , .......... ~.... COFFEEHOUSE 

3202 Governor Dr. 
455-1017 

Open 7:00 a.m. 
No Smoking Restaurant 

Your Evening/Weekend Getaway 
10 Minutes/rom Campus 

to Midnight Friday/Saturday 
(to 10:00 p.m. Weeknights; closed Mondays) 

Weekend Breakfast· Lunches· Dinners: Soup, Salad, Quiche, Pasta 
• Wines, Beers· Cappuccino, EspreSso· Muffins, Pastries 

Corner of Governor and Regents, University City 

They're back . .. 

By popular demand, Central University 
Library will stay open until 11 pm 
on Friday and Saturday nights. 

For more hours in/ormation 
call 534·3837. 

4 HIATUS NOVEMBER 2 1 989 

Lenny 
Continued from page 4 

bands out of the Sixties possessed . 
The early Rolling Stones and 
White Album Beatles recordings 
sound like jams, whereas Kravitz 
goes for the stylized approach. This 
is mostly due to [he fact that Krav-
itz plays most of the instruments 
on [he album. 

Kravitz comes from a media 
background; his mother, Roxie 
Roker, played Mrs. Willis on "The 
Jeffersons," and his father is a for-
mer ABC producer. Kravitz has a 
multicultural heritage, and hecred-
its this for his wide understanding 
of the world and his ability to be 
truthful in his music. 

Lenny Kravitz has the possibil-
ity of giving a new generation a 
fresh view of hope and understand-
ing through Let Love Rule, in an 
age when synthesizers and giddy 
love songs dominate the airwaves. 
Kravitz risks not getting the popu-
larity he deserves because he is not 
MTV material, but he is destined 
to make waves in the music world. 

Gorky Park 
Gorky Park 
PolyGram 

-Josh Odinu 
Hiatus Staff Writer 

When someone mentions the 
Soviet Union, what images do you 
conjure up in your head? How 
about cold weather, big fur hats, 
·bread lines, or nuclear weapons? 
These are all distinct possibilities. 
But what about a three-chord rock 
and roll band? 

The new band named Gorky 
Park is coming to [he United 

ROlN)TRlP FROM THE WEST COAST 
PHOENIX $38 
LAS VEGAS $ 39 
SAN FRANCISCO $ 68 
ALBUQUERQUE $ 76 
CHICAGO $193 
MIAMI $198 
NEW YORK $198 
BOSTON $198 
~ IPPIY, spot. " imlled·.JOOK EAII.lII 
Ask ...... CIrcle PMIfIc .... 

aro..d .... Wortd , ... 
WHJ GO OfF CAMPUS?? 

UCSO PRICE CENTER 
ABOVE THE INFORMATION OfFICE 

States. It hasn't been an easy road 
for d I~ Soviet "super-group," who 
boast an all-star line-up of the best 
in Soviet rock music. 

All themembers, Alexei Belov 
(guitar), Nikolai Noskov (vocals), 
"Big" Sasha Minkov (bass),jan la-

nen~ov (gui tar) and "Li ttle" Sasha 
Lvov (drums) had played in sev-
eral other Soviet rock bands when 
it was quite difficult to do so be-
cause of government restrictions. 
Minkov explains, "Three or four 
years ago in RUSSia, rock music and 
long hairweren 't possible, but now 
there are many rock bands and 
things are changing. It is very good 
for us, very important for us." 

Gorky Park hopes to bring 
Soviet rock music to their whole 
country, as well as the United 
States. Thanks to a Soviet pro-
moter, named Stas Namin, and 
some timely breaks, it looks like 
Gorky Park's dream may come true. 

When Doc McGhee, the man-
agerofBonJovi, MotleyCrue, and 
The Scorpions, heard Gorky Park's 
demo tape, he invited them to put 
a track on the Make A Difference 
Foundation album. They headlined 
the Moscow Peace Festival with 
Bon Jovi, the first rock concert 
ever to played in Lenin Stadium. 

Unfortunately, the band's story 
is a bit more interesting than their 
album. Although it is not bad for 
fairly hard driving rock and roll, it 
fits neatly in the ranks of the for-
mula American rock band like 
Warrant and Winger. I will say 
that it has a better edge than most 
records in its class; I actually like it 
better than anything I've heard in 
that area for a long time. 

The album includes a song 
entitled "Peace In Our Time," 
which is produced by Jon BonJovi 
and Richie Sambora. This may 
give you an idea of the album's 
flavor. 

It also includes their contribu-
tion to the "Make A Difference 
Foundation" album, it is a cover 
version of The Who's "My Gen-
eration." I feel this is the worst 
song on the release. It is almost an 
embarassment. Call me purist, but 
I am quite a big Who fan and this 
is a travesty. 

The rest of the record contains 

songs that you would expect to be 
here, the kind of stuff you find 
holding six out of the ten spots on 
"Dial MTV." As-I said earlier, it is 
not bad. But, it still fails to be 
anything extremely creative or 
innovative.ltceratinlywon'tspark 
a "Soviet Invasion." 

If you are a fan of Bon Jovi and 
that sort of music, you will proba-
bly like [his album quite a bit. 
Don't expect to be knocked over, 
but for a music scene like that in 
the Soviet Union, which has not 
had the time or the roots to evolve 
like that in the States, the album is 
better than I expected. Give these 
bands and their country some ti me, 
and we could very well be seeing 
"red" in our top forty charts. 

Thompson Twins 
Big Trash 
Arista 

-Bryan Dias 
Music Editor 

While listening to the Thomp-
son Twins' recent Warner Bros. 
release entitled BigTrash, one can't 
help but wonder if maybe the band 
is running out of original material. 
Other than the hit single "Sugar 
Daddy," tnere are very few songs 
worth mentioning. 

"Sugar Daddy" is undoubtedly 
destined to join the list ofThomp-
son Twins classics, as it holds very 
well with their tradition of crisp, 
bouncy chords and overall exciting 
sounds.Another song worthy of 
mention would seem to be "This 
Girl's On Fire," which is an 
attention-grabbing groove with a 
truly dynamic structure. 

The last song which deserves 
any mention is "Rock This Boat," 
which is a catchy, mellow tune 

which helps give the album its 
respectability. The rest of the cuts 
on the album, to put it bluntly, 
seem to be monotonous fillers . A 
few of them, including the title 
tract and "Queen of the U.S.A.," 
don't even sound like something 
the band would normally produce. 

To be quite honest, it is diffi-
cult to concentrate on listening to 
most of the album. There just isn't 
much there to keep the listener's 
attention. It's one of those albums 
that could be played as background 
music without being distracting. 
For example, studying would be no 
problem with Big Trash playing on 
the stereo. 

Die-hard Thompson Twins fans 
will probably be moderately, 
pleased with Big Trash, while most 
people probably would be fairly 
disappointed. It's albums like this 
that make people start saying 
things like, "1 like their old stuff 
better." However, if a very good 
collection of that "old stuff' is 
sought, an album titled The Best of 
Thompson Twins: Greatest Mixes 
was released late in 1988 and is 
still available. It contains ten clas-
sic, sing-along mixes of the Th-
ompson Twins' best cuts, making 
it a much better bet for most lis-
teners than the disappointing Big 
Trash . 

Kate Bush 

-Scott Casmer 
Hiatus Intern 

The Sensual World 
CBS 

I was seduced. The first song on 
the new Kate Bush album, The 
Sensual World, sent me reeling as I 
entered the siren-haunted land-

scape inhabited by her sultry voice, 
enchanting music and evocative 
lyrics. 

As the title sugges tS, the album 
is about feelings, mostly dark ones. 
Unlike her last work, The Hounds 
of Love, a beautiful but somewhat 
abstract conceptual piece, Bush 
speaks personally and directly to 
us. Almost every song on the al-
bum deals with relationships, 
whether it's between lovers, par-
ents and children, or people and 
technology. 

Many of the songs have a tone 
suggesting that Bush is still feeling 
the pangs of a recent break-up: "It 
lay buried here, it lay deep inside 
me lit's so deep I don't think that 
Ican/Speakaboutit. .. Takeaway 
the love and anger I And a little 
piece of hope holdingus together." 
These potent emotions made her 
music all the more personal and 
powerful. 

There are a few noteworthy 
guest appearances on the album. 
David Gilmour, guitarist for Pink 
Floyd and the musician credited 
for having "discovered" Bush, 
brings his searing, soaring electri-
fied strings to two of the songs. 
Alan Stivell, world-renowned heir 
of the authentic Celtic harp and 
barding tradition, lends his an-
cient instrument on two songs. 

I can't think of any radio sta-
tion that accurately represents the 
sryle of music on this album. It's 
not dance music, hard rock, New 
Age or anything easi Iy classifiable. 
It's dominated by Bush's cooing-
screaming singing, her piano and 
Fairlight accompaniment, and 
Stuart Elliot's drums. It shows 
occasional Celtic influences, but 
is thoroughly modem. 

Bush has a very unusual and 
distinctive style. If you don't like 
her already, this album is not likely 
to make you a convert. If you do 
already hke her, or have leanings 
in the art-rock, Peter Gabriel, 
Laurie Anderson direction, you'll 
probably want to acquire her latest 
undertaking. 

Did I like this album? Mmmm, 
yes. 

-Mike Newton 
Hiatus Intern 

:nhnUtdhr Iw ... 8 FIIIarm:nuJ pre_IS 

5 HIATUS NOVEMBER 2 1989 
.. 

- I 



, -

Coffee 
Continued from page 2 

many UCSDstudentsas thedirec-
ror of the English as a Second 
Language. (ESL) program. He has 
spent many years working and 
living abroad in both the Middle 
East and Europe. Perhaps it was 
the time spent sitting in Parisian 
cafes that contributed to Thaxton's 
appreciation of the coffeehouse 
and eventually inspired the CCc. 

The location of the CCC is by 
no means bohemian. Situated in 
the Big Bear Shopping Center at 
the corner of Regents Road and 
Governor Drive, theestablisrunent 
is at the heart of suburbia. This 
does not seem to detract from the 
ambiance. The shopping center is 
an artractivemodem strUcrurewith 
plenty of trees and offers the won-
derful perks of almost unlimited 
parking, as well as being within 
reach of UCSD. 

Both the restaurant and the cof-
feehouse boast an interesting fea-
rure. Except for a small area of the 
patio, there i absolutely no smok-

The UCSD GUARDIAN 
Newspaper needs an 

ADVERTISING 
ASSISTANT 

and one 

ADVERTISING 
ACCOUNT 

EXECUTIVE 

please contact 
Michael Foulks in 

the Guardian 
Business Office 

at: 

534-3467 

paid positions 

ing. As a reformed smoker, John Osmond album was completed in Peter nally came out, he received quite a Thaxton is adamant about this Gabriel's studio in England and welcome. 
policy and believes that for every Continued from page 1 Gabriel co-produced it. When I I really had no idea what to 
person it drives away, many more asked Osmond (again showing tact expect from this variety show vet-
will arrive. After we establi hed thi bond and thoughrful question phrasing), eran, but his performance shocked 

The coffeehouse is open from 7 through humor, the interview "So then, what about Peter Gab- me. The concert was fairly enter-
a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday through swept on, and the self-styled "new riel?", 1 hit the one big hurdle in taining. Osmond tumedouta how 
Thursday. Friday and Saturday and improved" Osmond revealed Osmond's life. He explained that that was well choreographed and 
nights it's open until midnight, more of himself to me. With char- it was thanks to Gabriel's name yet still spontaneous. I had been 
attracting both the theater and acteristic tact, I took the plunge being associated with his work that ambivalent about his music be-
movie crowd as well as people just and asked, "So what have you been he even got a shot at any kind of a fore, but he is one of those rare 
wanting to hang out. Weekend doing for the past ten years or so?" recording contract. Osmond was perfonners that are better live than 
nights after 10:00 have become I must have hit a nerve, because also quick to point out that his they are on tape. The crowd evi-
one of CCC's busiest times. there was a little bit of silence on music had not changed sincq his dently agreed as they were more 

The restaurant is also open daily the other end of the line. Then early rejections; the only differ- enthusiastic than many other 
for lunch and dinner, with the Osmond took a deep breath, and ence was his partnership with Gab- concert crowds )'veseen with more 
exception of Monday ,and a brunch we went back ten years to the end riel. socially acceptable artists. 
is served on Saturday and Sunday of the variety show. After all of this, I was left with Osmond will probably continue 
from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Since the demise of the "Donny a definite mixed impression on to have a difficult time overcom-

Perhaps the nicest thing about and Marie Show," Osmond has Osmond and the extent of his ing his past image. He deserves a 
the CCC is that it's the kind of been writing music but he met improvement. It was at this ime fair chance because his music, if 
place you can go to with a group of with "a little resistance" in getting that I was told, yes, I had to go ro you dissociate it from his name, is 
friends to sit and talk or just to be published. A lot of people associ- the concert. I asked my cruel cdi- easily the equal of many of today's 
by yourself. Either way, it has a ated him with the variety show ror, "But what if someone sees me?" more successful artists. His con-
comfortable, welcoming atmos- and decided that he was a defmite But she didn't even care. cerrs are something to see if only 
phere and it is the kind of place "uncool factor." I asked how he The concert was in the Ca lifer- for his skill as a live perfonner. I 
San Diego needs. ended up getting a recording con- nia Theatre, which i6 the size ri a probably would not buy a Donny 

The Creative Caf~ and Coffee- tract, to which I recei ved the stock large movie theatre, and was filled Osmond tape (in case someone 
house is located at 3202 Governor answer, "A lot of hard work" halfway. The opening band sue- saw it near my stereo), but he has 
Drive. For more infonnation, call At this point in my expose of ceeded in getting everyone impa- easily coasted pastMichael Jackson 
455-1017. Osmond, I must explain that the tient for Osmond. When he fi- on my list of top fifty artists. 

Order your college ring NOW. 
UNI\'ERSITY JOSTENS 

AMERICA·S COLLEGE RINGTM 
Payment PIaI1s AYaliabie 

LIes£::] EE 
Price Center plaza 

November 6-8 
10 a.m. - 3 p.m. Deposit $30.00 

Meet With YOlJi Jostens representative for full details. See our complete ring selection on display in your college bookstore. 
. 

6 HIATUS NOVEMBER 2 1989 

ueSD University Eve nts Office 
pr ••• nt. N.w Yorlr'. 

wid 
rsons 

DANCE I'HIAI'IlE 
"PllrsOns is II dreamboat of II "nuT ... he hIlS !peed, fluency, lIIit, 
loolts, chllrm ... his dilltcers lire IJmllzi"gly polisheil-fl.ble to toss off 
Pllrson's style lIIithflfl.ir IInti precision!" 

A",.. Kisselgoff, Nelli Yori Times 
Nov ...... r 5, Sunelay, 8 :00 , .... 
Manel.vill. Auelltoriu .. 
$ 1 5 , $1 3 & $10 
UCSD Box Ofti,.: 534-4 5 59 & Tfc:x5fZZ""snrJlt 

supported, In part, with funds provided by the Callfomla Arts Council, a 
State ~cy 8c the National Endowment for the Arts, a Federal agency 

WORLD J MUSIC J SERIES 

MUSIC 0' rHI ANDES 
Nov. J 0, FRIDAY, 8:00 PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A $10.00, S1UDENTS $6.00 
UCSD FAC/STAFF & SIS. $8.00 

& UCSD BOX OFFICE: 534-4559 
PI ESENTED 'Y UCSD EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES 



, - 'The Bear' Creates International Stir 
By Scott Casmer 

Hiatus Intern 

The most recent film released by T ri- tar Picture i truly a bold endeavor for the company. Thi film 
i simply titled "The Bear," which quite appropriately fit it content. The film wa originally produced 
by a French film team under the direction of Jean-Jacques Annaud and relea ed in several other parts of 
the world within the last year, where it did incredibly well, breaking box office record in many regions. 

Although it under tandably had to be adapted to an Engli ' h- peaking audience, the transition was 
very mooth with no annoying sound dubs or ub-titles. Instead, the rare parts which contained dialogue 
have been re-filmed with English- peaking actors. 

Thi i a rare quality for a foreign film, which makes the audience forget that it's not an American film. 
It eems that a major corporation like T ri-Star would have little need to take risks on adapted foreign films 
like "The Bear," but after watching the film, it i easy to believe that they've got a ure winner. 

The film appears at first to bea wIldlife documentary. However, itonly takes a couple minutes to realize 
that this i far from the case. The film is based on the 1916 novel The Grizzly King by James Oliver 
Curwood. 

One of the mo t amazing a pects of this film which strikes the audience early on is the exceptional 
talent with which the bears have been trained. It almost appears as though the bear are human actors. 
They are a couple of Kodiak bears from Utah, trained by the immensely talented Doug Seus. 

The main character which the film revolves around is a young cub who loses his mother in a rockslide. 
At first, the cub is totally disoriented and unsure of how to survive. His adventures eventually lead him 
to run into a huge (1,800 pound ) older bear who is being hunted by a couple of rugged big-game hunters. 
This creates a dual plot, where there is the story of the older bear being hunted and the relationship 
between the two bears. 

In effect, the two bears help keep each other alive against the many opposing forces which they must 
face. Finally, they create a new relationship with the hunters, tying up the universal theme of peaceful 
coexistence just as the film ends. Despite the fact that the dialogue is minimal throughout the movie and 
relatively unimportant to the movie's development, the film manages to remain entertaining and keep 
a very interesting plot. 

On an aesthetic level, "The Bear" is nothing short of breathtaking. Filmed in the Italian Dolomites 
and the Bavarian Alps, the movie has some of the most beautiful scenery ever filmed. The wide variety 
of wildlife used in the film also adds to the natural beauty, both in the visual sense and in the way the 
animals interact with each other. The sheer beauty of the entire film should easily win multiple Oscars 
in the visual and technical fields. Politics is the only fact r that could keep justice from coming to "The 
Bear" on award night. 

Without being able to place "The Bear" in a particular category of films, many people will be 
wondering if this film is something that would interest them. It will interest almost anybody to a certain 
extent; it i an excellent movie for children, although the violence which gave it the PG rating seemed 
to bother some of them a little bit. For the more mature audience, it is not the action thriller or the sex-
laced flick that many have become so accustomed to, but it will please nearly all of those who are open-
mmded enough to accept a different kind of film. 

Every Night is 
Fun Night at 

EVERY MONDA Y 
Hospitality Night 

$1.00 Drinks after 8:00 
Beer, wine, and 
well drinks only 

Bring your check stub as 
proof of employment 

Monday Night Football 
All you can eat 

Hot Dog and Chili Bar 
5:30-8:00 

$1.50 pints of beer 
TUESDAY 

is Buck Night at the Beach 
Come join us. Order your 

favorite drink 
Draft, wine, well drinks 

$1.00 
Starting at 8 p.m. 

THURSDAY 
UCSDRunFor 

The Border 
Join us for the best 

Mexican Buffet during 
Happy Hour 5-8 p.m. 

$1.50 Margaritas 
No cover with student I.D. 
and valid driver's license 

WILD FRIDAY 
Party with Z-90 

90t Drink Specials 
Best Happy Hour in Town 

cover between 7-8 p.m. 
Late night party starts at 8 

SATURDAY 

Look 
Continued from page 3 

ending. 
But what makes thi movie 

different i its portrayal of baby 
Mickey. Thr ugh the use of Bruce 
Willis' voiceovers, the audience 
hears what Mickey is thinking and 
aying to tho e around him. From 

Mickey's nine month stay inside 
Mollie (which is far too sh rt than 
nine months to be credible) 
through his birth, the sub equent 
year following his birth, up to his 
first audible word, Mickey's obser-
vations of the strange, new world 
around him prove to be the high-
light of "Look Who's Talking." 

Yet it is not only Mickey'S 
comments that make the film work, 
but also the realistic nature of the 
plot. Unlike other corned ies where 
something completely out of con-
text occurs (like Nazi punks crash-
ing a high school party), "Look 
Who's Talking" remains consis-
tently human and down-to-earth. 
It is because of this credibility that 
we develop a sense that we really 
know these characters and can 
laugh with them, not at them. 
When the film's climactic scene 
does occur, even though it does 
incorporate the world's most over-
used ending, a car chase, we do not 
feel cheated because of the feel-
ings we've developed for these very 
life-like characters. 

In addition to Mickey and the 
credibility of the plot, what made 
the film finally clickfor me was the 

interaction of the characters. 
James, which i one of Travolta's 
best performance , develops a 
loveable bond with Mickey, which 
results in orne very tender and 
warm moments. Mollie develop 
another type of relationship with 
Mickey, that special nd that can 
only exist between a mother and 
her on. Alley's performance works 
magically. There i also the bond 
between Mollie and her mother 
(portrayed by Olympia Dukakis), 
who is well tested in the course of 
child rearing. Finally, a bond de-
velops between James and Mollie 
as they witness Mickey's first 
human experiences. All of these 
relationships serve to ~chieve the 
goal of a real-life atmosphere 
throughout the movie. Needless 
to say, they succeed in their goal. 

So, what is the big secret? Well, 
"Look Who's Talking" probably 
won't make anywhere near the 
millions "Batman" did, and it 
probably won't get the critical 
acclaim of "Dead Poet's Society," 
but see it anyway. The movie has 
just the type of humor and creativ-
ity that we can appreciate. It is also 
a welcome surprise during a season 
in which more "serious" movies 
are usually released. 

SPEAKER'S FORUM 

TANISLAV 
UVC HE NI(O 

"INSIDE THE I(GB" WEDNESDAY Bimbleman's Night 
$1.00 "Bimblemans" 

$1.50 Bud Lights 
Special Bimbleman's 

Shooters 

~I 

Long Island Night 
Come early to avoid cover 

between 7-8 p.m. 
Party goes on with best 

Light Show in town 
$2.75 Long Island Ice Tea 

all night 

A former officer in the Soviet 
KGB, Major Stanislav Lcvch· 
encko, defected to the U.S. in 
1979 after serving as Chief of 
the Active Measures (Covert 
Action) Group of the Tokyo 
Residency of the KGB. His 
operations and exploits have 

been depicted in John Barron's 
book 1M," the KGB and in his 
own book 0" the Wro"B Sitie. 
Major uvchenko is the highest 
ranking KGB officer to have 
defected and has helped 
uncover spy networks in the 
U.S. and abroad. 

\ 

Happy Hour Buffet Mon.-Fri. 5-8 • Free Food and Drink 
4190 Mission Blvd. (2 blocks south of Grand Ave.) 

NOVEMBER 8, WEDNESDAY, 8:00 P.M. 
Price Center Ballroom • 59, 58 & 55 

in the Pacific Beach Promenade (619) 581-3938 UCSD Box Office: 534-6467 & 

8 HIATUS NOVEMBER 2 1989 


