
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1989 VOLUME 66, #11 0 
. 

Vice Chancellor Joe Watson (left foreground) and A.S. President Maynard Dimmesdale (right foreground) 
handed out cupcakes to students expressing opinions on campus concerns Monday. 

Cupcakes for Students' Thoughts 

Watson, A .S. Council Members 
Solicit Student Perspectives 
By LALEAQUE GRAD 
Contributing Writer 

multi-level underground parking 
facility where the Muir lot is cur-
rently located. 

Potash, nowever, said that 
financing such a project would be 
difficult ince tate funds are not 
to be allocated for the construc-
tion of parking structures. 

good idea," said Potash. 
He went on to explain that the 

A. S ha the power to deal with 
only a portion of the complaints 
raised , such as the lack of campus 
activities. 

The 400 cupcakes given away 
during the event were donated by 
Assistant Vice Chancellor Tucker. 

Nighttime Parking 
Proposal Passes 

By YURI WON 
Contributing Writer 

The Parking Advisory Com-
mittee has passed a proposal to 
expand parking enforcement 
hours to II p.m., which will bring 
about the need for nighttime 
parking permits. The propo al 
will go into effect July I. 

Whether this measure will pro-
d uce an increase in the cost of 
parking permits is, as yet, un-

~ lown, according to Cleo Philips 
• J m UCS D parking services. 

lillips maintained that those 
dent and faculty who already 

have permits will not be signifi-
cantly affected, a their permits 
will still be valid through the 
extended hours. 

Furthermore, it has not yet 
been determined which parking 
lots will enforce this new measure, 
or how. 

Campus Pol ice Chief John 
Anderson speculated that there 
may be machines to dispense 

. parking permits for the evening 
"like the ones in downtown [San 
Diego]," and that the Informa-
tion Booth on the Gilman entrance 
may ell evening parking permits 
for approximately one dollar. 

He added that this measure has 
been on the Parking Advisory 
Committee's "back burner for 
many years," and is only material-
izing now as the result of a direct 
order from Steven Relyea, vice 
chancellor of busine s affairs. 
Relyea could not be reached for 
comment. 

The main reason for this mea-
sure , according to Anderson, is to 
keep the "[parking] system bal-
anced ... to keep from having just 
a few people pay to maintain the 
parking lots." He added that 
UCS D is the "only campus in the 
UC system not charging for park-
ing permits at night." 

A.S. President Maynard Dim-
mesdale called the balanced park-
ing argument U a cover up to sway 
popular opinion'" into thinking it 
is legitimate to charge everyone 
for a permit. 

According to Dimmesdale, thi 
measure is being enacted mainly 
to generate revenues. He pointed 
out that the Student Services 
Building that is being built will 
have a parking structure that will 
not be funded by the state, as the 
state only funds academic build-
ings, "and surely [UC administra-
tors] need to generate revenues 
for this parking structure." 

Dimmesdale added that every 
programming organization is 
against this mea ure because it 
"would mean a tremendous set-
back as far as programming for 
the community, because who 
would want to come into UCSD 
and have to pay for a one night 
permit or for a one night use?" 

In addition, Dimme dale ques-
tions the feasibility of charging 
for nighttime permits. 

"There are too many complica-
tions , and once the community 
gets a flavor of that, they wouldn't 
want to attend events on cam-
pus, n he said. 

In an effort to obtain a greater 
under tanding of student needs, 
Vice Chancellor Joe Watson, 
along with several members of the 
A.S. Council, toured the campus 
offering free cupcakes to tudents 
willing to express their thoughts 
about UCSD on Monday between 
noon and 2 p.m. 

According to Watson, the aim 
of the event was to hear random 
perspective a nd seek out tudent 
opinion. 

Some other issues raised includ-
ed the increa e in registration 
fees, improvement of campus 
recreation facilitie and a lack of 
pecial events and overa ll spirit. 

everal commuter suggested 
bringing back noon-time concert 
or holding T.G.' lightly earlier. 
Many on-campu residents com-
plained that there are not enough 
evening activities on weekends. 

Warren Fire Causes 
$25,000 in Damages 

The A.S. Council has unanim-
ously approved a re olution by 
Bard-Alan Finlan "ind icating 
[that it is] adamantly oppo ed to 
nighttime parking permits," 
Dimmesdale aid. The resolution 
will be forwarded "with a two or 
three thou and ignature petition" 
to the Parking Advi ory Com-
mittee. Mordeci Potash, A . . vice 

president external, who helped 
organize the event with A.S . Spe-
cial Projects Director Sunil Ba-
hopleand Assistant Vice hancel-
lor Tommy Tucker. said that 
students expressed opinions about 
i !lues ranging from the lack of 
social acti itie to flaws in specific 
academic department . 

The most commo n topic 
brought up by the student inter-
viewed was the lack of parking on 
campus. Pota h said that those 
interviewed were a lmo t unanim-
ou ly opposed to the more tring-
ent parking regulations recently 
proposed by A .. Pre ident 
Maynard Dimmesdale. 

Pota h went on to tress the 
importance of student actually 
ugge ting resolutions to the 

problem they raise. 
One popular olution among 

student in terms of parking 
improvements wa to con truct a 

Although academic concern 
were not rai ed nearly as often a 
'ocial is ues, many tudent did 
voice di content with certain area 
of U SO's academic life. 

orne students reque ted that 
the economic department not 
concentrate so heavily on theory, 
but in tead prepare tudents prac-
tically for the job market. 

The 20 pages of data accumu-
lated will be reviewed , and the 
i ues brought out 'will be steered 
toward the appropriate depart-
ments. 

Pota h aid that tudent who 
want to ee certain issue 're olved 
should make an effort to get 
involved through working with 
the A.S. or other campu depart-
ments. 

"It i my opinion that a good 
Idea not acted upon was never a 

Lou Reed Builds 
Social Consciousness 

By SU AN E. HYLEN 
tall Writer 

fire in a Warren College 
apartment Monday cau ed dam-
age e timated at $25,000, accord-
ing to Battalion Chief Ken Ri le of 
the fire department. 

Rize said the departmen(s team 
of investigator determined that 
unattended candles were the cause 
of the fire in apartment 3213. 
None of the resident were home 
at the time the fire started . 

The fire wa extingui hed ap-
proximately a half-hour after the 
department responded to the 
alarm at 7:25 p.m. according to 
Warren Re ident Dean Kevin 
Wood 

Wood said "the fire wa elf-
contained within the apartment 
unit becau e of the design of the 
a partment tructure." He said the 
alarm and notification procedure 
went moothly. 

tudent of building three were 
e\acuated from their apartment 
and not allowed to re-enter the 
building for nearly two hours. 
according to one re ident. Most 
of them congregated in the com-
mons to get out of the cold. 

Wood aid the fire "clearly 
turted out of tudent negligence." 

However, the Dean' officei giv-
ing the tudent time to reorgan-
ize their lives before deciding what 
action will be taken, according to 
Wood. 

"We've not determined at this 
point what the exact damage i 
and what our respon e will be," 
Wood aid . 

The tudents, who were not 
available for comment, have been 
relocated to an empty apartment 
at Warren. 

Wood asse ed the living room 
and kitchen area of the apart-
ment as "a total los " and said 
that the bedroom were charred 
as well. 

However. Dimmesdale added, 
that doe not mean the mea ure 
will be revoked . 

MedStudent 
Trial Set 
By ARLENE SISON 
Contributing Writer 

After hearing expert medical 
testimony yesterday, an Diego 
court Judge H. Ronald Domnitzset 
a trial date for UC 0 Medical 

chool tudent Charlie Richard-
on who is accused of murdering 

his wife at her place of work last 
Dec. 20. 

At Richardson' preliminary 
hearing yesterday, pathologist 
Ronald River testified that the 
defendant's wife, Maria Elizabeth 

See TRIAL, pale 7 

Malcolm X's Daughter 
Carries on Father's Beliefs 8 



'-

I~ UC NEWS 
Vietnam DJ Teaches Radio and Film 
Announcing at V CLA Extension 

LO A GELES - A disc jockey on the original 
"Good Morning Vietnam" radio show in Saigon, 
Vietnam is teaching radio and film announcing skills 
for a UCLA Extension course this quarter. 

Don Burns, a colleague of the disc jockey featured 
in the movie "Good Morning Vietnam," is teaching 
uccessful voice-over techniques, and offering class 

and studio performance experience. 
According to Burns the disc jockeys in Saigon had 

an ongoing competition to see who could hold the 
"good" the longest in the phrase "Good Morning 
Vietnam!" In tbe movie of the same name, Burns' col-
league was depicted as a rebel against censorship. but 
according to Burns, thi is inaccurate. 

"It couldn't have happened . Disc jockeys were not 
allowed to make derogatory comments about the war. 
Everything had to be approved before it was aired," 
Burns said . 

Burns said that he knows "lots of veterans who are 
glad they went to Vietnam." He explained that many 
people learned much from their army experience. For 
example, he gained radio and television broadcasting 
skills that led to a professional career. 

In his voice-over class, Burns teaches students from 
the experience he has gained through various jobs in 
the media. 

- Catherine Mitchell. Daily Bruin 

AS V CSB Sponsors Bm to Recognize 
Contributions of Women and Minorities 

SA TA BARBARA - A bill urging professors to 
"alter their classes to more adequately reflect and rec-
ognize the many contributions of women and people 
of color" was discussed at a Feb. I Associated Stu-
dents Legislative Council meeting. 

Explaining the motivation for the creation of the 
bill, Off-Campus Representative Jill Frandsen sai~ 
students often have no recourse when they see their 
courses unfairly representing women and minorities. 

"Hopefully, professors will be more open to [a 
racially and sexually balanced viewpoint], and they'J 
think about what they're saying when they lecture," 
said Frandsen, who seconded the legislation. 

- Kim Kash, Daily Nexus 

BLOOM COUNTY 
r----:"~~ 

SHORTS_ 
Appointment of New University 
Editor in Chief Spawns Conflict 

IRVI E After approving Tom tarne a editor 
in chief of the New University by a 3-1 vote last week, 
the Media Board revoked its decision only to have the 
vote recast 2-2. 

The board recast its vote when ASUCI President 
David Hurwitz rai ed que tions about the balloting 
procedure. 

In the econd ballot, ASUCI representative Mar-
celia Missirian, who had initially voted for Starnes, 
changed her decision, tying the vote. 

ASUCI appointed Missirian to the Media Board 
after she was forced to resign her post as editor in 
chief of the New University last quarter. 

Board Chair Darryl Low said, "My big question is 
why Marcella changed her vote. The question here is 
Marcella's credi bility as an ASUCI representative 
becau e of her ties with the paper. Is she voting her 
conscience or [is he] merely Hurwitz's puppet?" 

"I told her to change her vote," Hurwitz said. 
According to Low, Hurwitz said, "If she doesn't 

vote the way I want her to 111 just take her off the 
board and appoint myself." 

Hurwitz said he voted against Starnes because "the ' 
Media Board has the power to do that ." The Media 
Board has been "passive' in dealing with the news-
paper, he added. 

"The New U has gotten away with a lot of things it 
shouldn't have," Hurwitz said. 

Hurwitz is referring to a recent threatening of an 
alternative newspaper, £os/- West Ties, by the ASUCI 
due to a controversial racial ad that offended many 
students. The A.S. is threatening to cut the funds of 
the paper. 

"A.S. thinks it's not timely. Timeliness is not the 
issue." Starnes added that students should be aware of 
ASUCI's threats to change editorial content. 

" Hurwitz is trying to control media on campus," 
Starnes stated. 

- Jon Nalick, New University 

Davis Radio Station Receives Bomb 
Threat From V nidentified Woman 

DA VIS - An unidentified caller phoned in a 
bomb threat on UCD's campus late Friday morning, 
Jan . 27, according to campus police. 

Officer Bill Davisson of the UC Davis Police 
Department said that an unknown female caller 
phoned KDVS radio station at approximately 10:55 
Friday morning, claiming there was a bomb in the 
station. 

According to Henry Habra, the disc jockey who 
received the phone call, the woman said a bomb was 

by Berke Breathed 
r-:::::=:::::=-----, 

cheduled to go off in five minute, and that the ta-
tion should be evacuated. 

Ha bra said he cleared out those in the tat ion, shut 
the outer doors to the radio station and called 911 . 

Campus police responded immediately to the call, 
but found no evidence of a bomb. Those at KDVS, 
the Women's Resources and Resea rch Center and 
U niver ity Haircutters were asked to evacuate. 

Davisson said the caller's location and motives were 
unknown. 

This is the second bomb threat made this academic 
year. In December, an unidentified caller claimed that 
a bomb was et to explode in Wellman Hall . 

Pretrial Preceedings Begin for 
UCSB Student for Riot Charges 

SANTA BARBARA - Pretrial proceedings will 
begin Wednesday Feb. I for UCSB freshperson Tom 
Kessler, who faces misdemeanor charges for failing to 
disperse and assaulting a police officer last May dur-
ing the Memorial Day weekend riot in Isla Vista . 

Twenty-three arrests were made during the riot, the 
most severe confrontation between police and local 
students since April 1986, when a riot erupted during 
the weekend of the annual UCSB rugby tournament. 

Although most of the 23 arrests made during the 
riot have been resolved, Kessler's case, scheduled for a 
jury trial on Feb. 22, has taken more than eight 
months to reach the courtroom. 

Ken Moore a cameraman for local station KEYT 
whose footage' of the riot was used as evidence leading 
to disciplinary action against three of the more than 
30 police officers involved in quelling the riot, spe-
culated that the case has taken a long time to reach 
trial because Kessler "didn't plead guilty. Most of the 
other guys were let off easy by pleading guilty." 

He also noted that Kessler's additional charge of 
assaulting an officer may have contributed to the 
delay, as many of the other defendants on who~e 
behalf Moore has testified were charged only With 
failure to disperse from the riot scene. 

- Jeff Kass, Daily NextJS 

VCLA Law School Graduate 
Charged With Forging Transcripts 

LOS ANGELES - An arraignment was post-
poned Fridav Jan. 20, for a law school graduate 
accused of forging his academic transc ripts and misre-
porting his grades' on a resume. . . 

The case continues Feb. 17, when Michael LoUIS 
Dmowski, 28, will plea in Los Angeles County 
Municipal Court to charges of altering a certified 
copy of an official record, forging seals, and grand 
theft. 

Dmowski's private lawyer asked a court commis-
sioner for the delay, said Deputy City Attorney Teddy 
Eden. 

Charges were brought to coun after his former 
employer, the prestigious law firm Gibson, Dunn, & 
Crutcher, discovered that Dmowski may have lied 
about his grades to recruiters. 

The discovery came months after Dmowski was 
hired and paid $5,000, money he is now accused of 
stealing. 

A police investigation alleges that Dmowski raised 
his cumulative grade point average from a C to an A 
on a transcript faked with a computer. 

"He was using that to gain money and gain 
employment, both in bad faith," Sgt. Phil Baguiao 
said. 

Dmowski misreported his grades first in a resume 
when he was hired as an attorney in December 1987, 
and then with the transcript just before he was sche-
duled to take the state Bar exam in July 1988, police 
said. 

After he was fired and a warrant was issued for his 
arrest, Dmowski turned himself in Dec. I . 

- Eugene Ahn, Daily Bruin 

:/1 UCSDINFO 
VE & SA Announce Michelle Shocked 
Performance at Mandeville Auditorium 

University Events and Student Activities have 
announced that Michelle Shocked will be performing 
in Mandeville Auditorium on Sunday, March 5 at 8 
p.m. Scheduled to open for her are critical pheno-
mena The Cowboy Junkies. 

Having gained notoriety for her social and political 
protests, Michelle Shocked's music vivdly expre e 
views on an array of topics including the plight of the 
homeless and racism . Tickets are available now at the 
box office. 

compiled by Leesl K. Light 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

U .8.-Mexico Relations Discussed 
members, Smith said. which both governrr.ents would 

He explained that there are cede a little bit of sovereignty 
constant questions of asymmetry within defined parameters to a 

By RISA GECHTMAN 
Contributing Writer 

during the meetings. "At one jointly funded authority that could 
Peter Smith, a preeminent fig- point ," Smith said, "it appeared deal with questions of infrastruc-

ure in Latin American studies and to the Mexican commissioners ture and the environment" 
chair holder of UCSD's Latin that there were a greater number The commission's report will 
American studies department, of them at the meeting than us be in effect for all of 1989. 
spoke on U.S .-Mexican relations - which was true." " Mexico takes it seriously. They 
yesterday afternoon at a Muir Smith remembered a com mis- see this as an important docu-
College luncheon . sioner saying to him "Ou r higher- ment. [Mexican President] Sali-

He ha authored a number of level people are relegated to deal nas said that he would use it in his 
books, and was president of the with your lower-level people. "The meeting with [President] Bush." 
Latin American Studies Associa- problem was ultimately rectified, UnfortunatelY', the U.S. media 
tion. In 1984, he was appointed a Smith said . hasn't given the report the kind of 
consultant to the Ford Founda- notice that Smith was hoping for 
tionandcodirectorofits Bilateral "If we want to sustain he said. However, Smith intends 
Commission on the Future of I't' I I 
U.S.-Mexican Relations. . .. pO I lea uxury ... to increase publicity of the report 

we're going to have to thi year. He is also hoping that 
According to mith, Mexico "[the Commission] will have es-

and the United States both "need take actions." tabIished [itself] as at least one of 
to attract substantial new invest- - Peter Smith the resources for people to speak 
ment," and are both "plagued out knowledgably on the future 
with high government deficits, Smith said he found more con- of U.S.-Mexican relations. 
and indebtedness." vergence with the Mexican com- " If we want to sustain what has 

Thursday, February 9. 1989 3 

- Pritt MHSrobi.n/ Guardian 
Peter Smith spoke at a Muir College luncheon yesterday. 

Smith believes it is in the Uni- missioners than he expected. As been the political luxury that we've 
ted States' best interests to seek an example of this he cited a had by having a Mexico on our r ________________ ~ _, 
national resolutions cooperatively "creative approach" to a foreign southern border, we're going to 
with Mexico. poll'cy problem. . k : 25 .~o 0 F F Any small . : have to take actlons to try to eep 

"In a perfect world the two "We came up with the creation that option and condition open medium or large 
countries could address their chal- of a joint border authority under for us," he concluded. I Irozen yogurt I 
lenges separately. But a 2,000-
mile border and the interconnec- r----------------------------.J I I 
tions of the two economie mean I I 
they must be faced simultaneous- I I 
Iy," he said . 

For Smith, the basic me sages I vOkl with any oilier oller. I 
of the Commission are that "you I Tappings not Included. ExpnI2/12/t9 I 

One coupon 10 a 
can accept some disagreement and I c:UItomer 1010110 V.lloq. D. I 
still have a harmonious rclation- uTe 
ship," and that, "in the long run, I Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. ~ I 
Mexico and the United States' I 11-11 Fri. & Sat. I 
interests coincide." I 12-10:30 Sun. I 

There were c:;ultural misunder-
standings alld political disagree- I 7770 Regentl Rd. Suite 108 I (in Vons Shopping Center) ments among the Commission L • 

-------------------

VALENTINE FLOWER SPECIALS & 
FREE DELIVERY 

TRADITIONAL 
Arrangements 

$24.99 
(in ceramic heart 

vase $26.99) 

ROSES 
112 dozen 

$18.00 
Full dozen 

$36.00 

Student & Senior Discounts 

CALL US TODA Y! 

455-5545 
Toll Free Nationwide 

1-800-882-3323 

UFlowers say it best" 

HWe work within your budget" 

La Jolla 
FLOWER 
BASKET 

HEART 
arrangement 

$34.99 

ROSE BUD VASE $4.99 

Arrangements 
. 

In 
VALENTINE'S 
CUPS $18.99 

. We specialize in corsages 
and boutonnieres 

ORDER NOW & SAVE! 
Place your order by 

Friday, Feb. 10th/or 
FREE DELIVER Y 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (La Jolla Village Square Convenience Center) 



.. Thursday, Februar), 9, 19 9 

________ () __ P!~~~~O~~~. --------
Hunter S. Thompson 

F ear and Loathing 
I Letters I ~~J? 

I T WA JUST before noon when I walked Into Ricci's down on J treet In Sacramento The lunch crowd was not in yet. but a bunch 
of the boys were whooping it up down at the dark end of the bar. 

where they appeared to have a woman cornered In a big leather booth . 
It would ha\e pa ed for a yuppie lunch club anywhere else in the 

·valley. but Sacramento IS a political town, and I could see at a glance 
that Ricci'~ was a full-on political bar. Most of the gents mauling that 
woman down there in the booth were wearing neckties, but they had a 
vaguely seedy look a bout them, as if they had lept in their suits on a 
musty couch in some lobbyist's condo with a condom machine in the 
lobby and rubber palm trees in the elevators .... They were unemployed 
lawyers, pimps and stockbrokers: Politicians in a word ... 

I tried to Ignore them, but the shrieks and cries of the woman they 
were passing around like a cheerleader made me jittery. 

I watched for a while, then I stood up and eased down the bar to have 
a better look. The bartender eyed me, but said nothing .... None of the 
wild boys noticed me at first , but when I passed closer to the booth on 
my way to the men's room the girl suddenly quit everything else she was 
doing and locked her eyes on me. 

lt was dark back there, or at least dim, but in the green glow of the 
"EXIT" light she seemed to smile like she recognized me, and was 
about to cry out my name. . 

At first glance, she was a stunningly beautiful woman - red hair and 
lang legs in a tight-fitting business suit that looked almost prim, except 
that the front of her linen skirt was slit straight up to her groin. 

Hands were grasping and groping at her; and suddenly, she kicked 
off her high-heeled Capezios and jumped up on the red leather seat, 
shrieking and kicking at her tormentors. She looked like a very 
expensive lady lawyer gone wild for some reason in a sleazy downtown 
lunch joint . I T WAS ALL in good fun; they were all laughing - but there was a strange high edge on the laughter that made me uneasy ... or 

maybe it's just me, I thought. I had just averaged 88.26 miles an 
hour between the Bay Bridge and the Sacramento River in a custom-
built 1969 mandarin red V-8 427 Chevy convertible with a Turbo-
Latham supercharger, and it had left me a little tense. My forearms 
were still vi brating crazily from the rolling vise grip I'd been keeping on 
the wheel. My fingers were so numb that 1 had to flex my whole hand a 
few times before I could lift the margarita glass to my lips 

" Bad business." I said to the bartender. "What'S happening down 
there? A gang rape?" 

He flinched , then he smiled professionally and said , "Naw, that'sjust 
a bunch of the local hustlers havin'a birthday party. Sorry, I'll tell 'em 
to hold it down." 

"Nonsense," I said. "There's all kinds of rape going on these days. It's 
normal. We'd be craz)' to complain about it. "Then I seized him firmly 
by both shoulders. "But let me ask you something," I said. "Do you 
remember Kitty Genovese?" 

"Not reall)." he said. "Did she work hereT' 
I stared at him for a moment. "They sta bbed her 47 times," I said. "It 

was in a public place, like thIS, and many people watched her being 
killed by a gang of street thugs .... But nobody tried to help her. They 
just watched. They said they didn't want to interfere in her personal 
life .... Some of them said she looked like she was havinga good time." 

He shook his head sadly. W Jesus!"he said. "I'm really sorry. "Then he 
nodded at my glass. "Are you ready for another one?" 

"Sure," I said. "This violence is making me sick." 
Just then we heard a burst of wild laughter and breaking glass from 

inside the ladies room. The red leather booth was empty. 
"You crazy bitch!" the bartender screamed as he ran back and 

kicked the door open .. .. Seconds later he emerged, dragging the 
red-headed woman by one arm. "You slut'" he was yelling. "You're 
fi nished in this place. Get out, and stay out!" 

See H UNTE.R, page S 

Parking a 
Pleasure? 
Editor: 

Thi i~ an an wer to Joseph B. 
McKinley' letter (Guardian. Feb. 
6) about the parking problem. 

McKinley , you're right. l\e 
thought it over. and after what 
you aid, I 0111 glad parking per-
mit co t so much . Since your let-
ter, just thinking a bout the next 
parking ticket I get make me 
giddy. imagining a nice long late-
night stroll from my car gets me 
hard, the thought of all the char-
acter I'll build the next time I 
wake up at seven to move my car 
from a metered spot makes me 
swoon for an understanding that 
life - as yo u put it - is a plea-
sure, and really no la bor at all . 

I tried rememberi ng how happy 
I was once when I got two tickets 
for the same offense, overnight 
(one before midnight and one 
after), but I fainted . 

But I envy you, McKinley. You 
don't own a car. It must feel 
amazing, not to have a parking 
problem and still to manage a 
good crack at all the lazy ignor-
ants who think they do. 

No wonder you're happy. 
Michael S. Moore 

Fire Fighters 
Rude 

'Editor: 
On Feb. 5, at 2:45 a .m. there 

was a false fire alarm in Building 
One in the Warren apartments. I 
believe that the San Diego Fire 
Department responded with out-
rageous behavior. 

The fire captain wanted the 
students to be good citizens. So 
the firefighters rounded us up 
after we had been outside for half 
an hour in 50-degree weather, and 
lectured for five minutes . We were 
sorry that they had to come to 
investigate a false alarm, but that 
is no excuse for making sleepy 
students stay outside for longer 
than necessary. 

The most irritating part of the 
whole incident is the fact that the 
fire department told us that they 
would punish us every time there 
was a false alarm, by keeping us 
out longer and longer. Also, the 
captain accused our building's 
students of pulling alarms in other 

---------------~~ 

WI,:1 m (\U{'ft fl'{.~ CO ~rV/i 73) 
A 50 (~ ('AI- .\A \1, ( O(3S(OJf.l!! 
". kiLL 111f f')j~ (AlfE/// /(ILL 
1f!EPA'r (~AISff' 1Hf NtH/(AA' 
mill ~{(,A- 'r <'"fAA'() FC'(m/5.~~1 

At Work , 

buildings. I would have thought 
that the pulling of alarms went 
out with junior high school. 

In the future a simple angry 
note restating the punishments 
for pulling alarms (including 
expUlsion and felony charges) in 
the post office boxes of the stu-
dents is better than a 3: 15 a .m. 
lecture. 

David Estrada 

Parking 
Answers Exist 
Editor: 

In response to Joseph McKin-
ley's letter (Guardian, Feb. 6), I 
would like to share a few thoughts 
that I jotted down. 

When I read the letter, it was 
obvious that this person had 
absolutely no idea of the problem 
of parking on campus. To find 
actually who this person was, I 
looked him up in the student 
directory and a few things st ruck 
me: I) he lives at Warren apart-
ments on campus, 2) he is a 
fres hman, and 3) he is a Pre-
Ames major. 

Not to knock the writing abili-
ties of Pre-Ames majors, but the 
logic of Mr. McKinley'S essay is 
baffling. To make a connection 
between the high price of parking 

At Home ... 

permits and the benefits of walk-
ing to class (both physica lly and 
mentally) is asinine. Obviously, 
Mr. McKinley hasn't had the 
opportunity of waking up hours 
before class just to find a parking 
space that is nearly as far as the 
commute to school. He is a 
freshman who ' ITves on cam-
pus !lnd therefore has no right 
to trivialize the sheer hell of the 
parking problem; after all , he 
only has to walk to his classes a 
few minutes away. 

Furthermore, to suggest that 
students be glad that the permits 
are high priced is beyond com-
prehension. Yes, it is true that the 
law of demand will eliminate those 
who refuse to pay the high price 
of permits, but there will always 
be those whu will , and at UCSD 
the "those who will " crowd 
numbers over 10,000. 

To be "glad" to pay $144 for 
abysmal parking and inadequate 
dayt ime security is a phrase I 
thought I would never hear uttered 
by another UCSD student. I'm 
sure in Mr. Mc Kinley's sopho-
more year (if he moves off cam-
pus), he will come to appreciate 
the problem we have. True, walk-
ing does have its virtues, but to 
waste two full hours to and from 
school each day when one could 
be studying is no solution. 

See PARKING, page S 

UCSD : 
Student: Need Extra Cash? 
Special: 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! r~FREE ! 
II Valld at: 6788 Miramar Rd. : 

Coupon expire. Mar. 26, 1989. One offer per coupon I 
l One coupon per customer per visit Not valid with any I other offer or discount Price does not tnclude tax Carl's Jr. I 
L " Carl Karcher EnterpriseS. Inc. 1989 • • 
------------------------

Carl's Jr. Make Up to $200 per Month 
Are you healthy and 
between the ages 

of 18 and 30? 
All Ethnic Groups Needed 

Sperm Donors Needed Call (619) 165·1407 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION Thursday, February 9. /989 5 

Q and A: Do you think the Price Center will have a significant effect on student 
social life? 
. 

Th~ Price Center won 't do 
much 01 all for the students' 
social life. Although we will be 
able 10 gel fast food on cam-
pus, and the new pool tables 
will be nice. 

Jason Smith 
Sophomore, Third 

Physics 

Parking 
Continued from pale 4 

But there are some: I) riding 
your bicycle to school lessens the 
commute and is good for you 
(both physically and mentally, 
Joe), and there is no price for 
permits, 2) the cost of a permit for 
a scooter or motorcycle is only 
$60; pretty cheap if you have one 
of these, and 3) the school offers 
free bus passes which are availa-
ble at the parking office. The best 
alternative is parking your car at· 
UTe and taking the bus to school 
- free parking - and it is just 

I don 't think it '/I have a sig-
nificant effect because the 
jocation isn't as good as the 
Student Center Imd people don ~ 
like the idea that there'll no 
longer be a pub 'cause it s been 
a tradition for so long. On the 
other hand, the large variety of 
restaurants will draw a lot of 
attention to the Student Center. 

Slobhan Cunen 
Sophomore, Warren 

PoU. Sci. 

about the same commute as the 
shuttle bus! The point is, there are 
alternatives that can be used . 

The next time you feel the urge 
to write a letter, Mr. McKinley, 
make sure you have some know-
ledge ofthe subject you are writing 
about, or at least some sort of 
experience to share. Bitching will 
get you nowhere. 

Paul A. Trout 

Hunter 
Continued from pale 4 

He had her almost through the 
front door when she broke out of 

1 think its theoretically a 
good idea, but I think people 
are gonna hang out where their 
classes are, which is at Revelle, 
Muir, and Third. So I don 't 
think it 'll affect social life now. 

Kathy Rossi 
Senior, Renne 

Psycholocy 

his grip and rushed over to me. 
" Please . help me!" she begged. 
" Please take me away from here." 

I grabbed her by the arm. What 
the hell? I thought. I'm leaving 
!lnyway. '" We ran outside to 
where my heavy red convertible 
was parked next to a fireplug. She 
jumped into the front seat while I 
swooped a traffic citation off the 
front window. " Hurry!"sheyelled. 
"Let's get out of here. I can't be 
seen with you. " 

We boomed away from the 
curb in a long screech of rubber. 

The girl was laughing, and I 
noticed she was sitting pretty high 
on the seat for somebody who 

UCSD SPEAKERS' FORUM PRESENTS 

Yes! Because the old Stu-
dent Center will no longer be 
thefocalpointon campus. The 
people will now be directed 
toward the new Center because 
of the facilities it will provide. 
AI leasl Ihe walk will be good 
exercise. 

Stephanie Quan 
Junior, Revelle 

Psycholocy 

Sure. 1 think everybody 
would love to walk 10 1-5 10 
grab a beer. 

Mike "Goose" Ghosn 
Sophomore, Fifth 

EECS/Visual Arts 

Photos and Interviews by AU Sadlchian 

didn't want to be seen with me. 
Suddenly she reached over and 

snatched the traffic ticket off my 
lap. " Don't worry about this 
thing," she said. " My boyfriend 
will take care of it," and she 
stuffed it into het briefcase. 

"Wonderful," I said . " He must 
be a nice guy." 

" He is," she chirped. wHe's a 
very powerful man in the Capitol." 

I glanced across at her. We 
were still rumbling along J Street 
in first gear, coughing up fuel mist 
and occasionally backfiring long 
blasts of flame out ofthe tail pipe. 

"I like this car," she said, as we 
screeched onto the freeway and 

the supercharger kicked in. 
"Yeah, "she said dreamily. "This 

is more like it. I want to drive 
fast! " 

Why not? I thought. Get naked 
and crank up the music. 

"Where?" I asked. 
"Reno, "she said quickly. "Let's 

go to Reno and get married ." She 
slid across the seat and grasped 
my leg. Then she sat up higher, 
and her hair blew slraight back in 
the wind as we eased into the fast 
lane. At the next exit we passed 
under a big green sign that said 
"Reno - 133." 

To be continued. 

Biff and Lance starring in 
A D V E N T U RES 0 F THE 

An Evening with Malcolm X's Daughter 

ATTALLAH SHABAZZ 
"POSITIVELY YOU!" 

AttaLlah Shabazz was a child when she witnessed 
the assasination of her father Malcolm X. 

As the eldest of Malcolm X's six daughters, she was the one 
who was most affected by the anguish that followed, and she is 

the one who now confronts and tries to correct the world's 
image of Malcolm X; an image that she says time and 

ignorance have combined to malign. 
Attallah Shabazz has dedicated herself to "intra-cultural and 
cross-culmral understanding" by focusing on the process by 

which personal hardship can be "transformed into 
something elsc-something wonderful. " 

FEBRUARY 12, SUNDAY, 8:00 P.M. 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

ALL SEATS $5.00 
UCSD Box OFFICE: 534-4559 

nICOC.,~ .,-_. __ .. ,-
_ _ _ -. _____ ..... TI. 

,...,..111 _ ......... na. 
PR.8SEmllD BY UNIVERSITY EVSNTS & STUDENT ACI1V1TIBS AND ASUCSD 

A.S. BOOK TRADER 

IAS~ -ruz- Aso.Jcs D 8tJ01C TTlAt>e1Z. 
&«lARD! 81.1'( A CHC,APEIZ. eoo~ 
Oft !»ZLJ.. '/OI,uz.s ~~ j'WIc.~ THe. 

Soor-gmta $,( Y ~ SAa PI2-lCZ ! 
DI/ZZeT sT7IDENT~ Tf)- $1Vpzlllr 

Ac..T/ow, {)lIDCS ! CAU-
S".3q ~ 01' ~ B'I 

'T"'HZ-' A·s . OFF'c.~ 
1TJDA'I.' 



6 Thursday. February 9. 1989 

~ ________ NOWTHRUSUNDAY ________ -. 
RAYBAN SUNGLASS SALE 

SAVE 30% TO 45% 

• San Diego's finest selection of Wayfarers, 
Clubmasters, Drifters, Baloramas, Street 
Neats, Classic Metals and much more 

• 100% protection from ultraviolet rays 
• Brown or Grey optical quality glass lenses 

Give Your Vslentines Gift of Love & Protection 

-w acifi, ~y~& & Ts ",d The California Attitude 
• Clalr.man! Squar. 272~808 • La Jolla Village Squar. 53S-:036S 

• Pacific Beach Promenade 581.¢769 . La Jolla 1241 Prospect 454-7532 
• Enclnltal (Lumbelyard) 942-0337 . NOfth County foil 745-9425 

For_olhef locatlona. plea .. calilhe above. 

Experience with us the fun and excitement of 
learning to Hang Glide. All equipment is included 
and we are just minutes from the UCSD campus. 
Class size is limited and reservations are required. 

CALL NOW TO RESERVE 

STUDENT 
GROUP 
DISCOUNTS 
AVAILABLE 

" 1/ you have a 
~ ~ 

INORKOUT OF LA JOLLA 
" Valentine Special" 

1-Day Offer - Feb. 14 
2/or 1 membership 

3 months for 
$19500 

• Aerobics • Yoga 
\ • Free Weigh ts • Circuit Training 
• Hoist Machines • Jazz Dance 

~ 
450-9008 

~ 

heart. 

• 

7777 Fay Ave, La Jolla 
456-2595 

OPENING MONDAY, 
FEBRUARY 13th 

AT THIRD LA CASA 
The All You Can Eat Soup and Salad 

Bar & Gourmet Burger Bar 
Enjoy some of the best tasting soups and 
most exciting salad bar )!Ou've seen in 
years or experience the thrill and 
excitement of the best tasting burgers on 
campus. 

The Soup & Salad Bar, including a 
beverage is only $5.45 or $~.75 for 
salad only. 
1/3Ib: hamburgers start at $2.10 and 
Gourmet Burgers are only $2.85. 

Immediate openings for 1989 Graduates and Co-op/Summer Candidates 
Engineering, Computer SCience, Technical Sales (BS/MS) 

When you start 
your career, there's nothing 

like initial success. 

- - -
- - -

== === - -- -
- - - - -
- - - - - -

-
-• ® 

Thursday, Febru." 16 
IBM INFORMATION DAY 

Your future in technology 
could be in software 
development, engineering 
or technical sales. 
If you're ready to start a successful 
career in anyone of these creatiw 
areas of information technology, oome 
meet our representatives at an informal 
briefing, and find out more about our 
current openings. Please bring 4 
copies of your resume and, if available, 
your transcript. 

An equal opportunity employer. U.S. citizens 
or nationals, permanent residents, asytees, 
refugees or those authorized to work under 
the temporary resident provisions of the 1986 
Immigration Reform and Control H:;t only. 

February 

16 
career Services 

Center 
12noon-Spm 

(Stop by anytime) 

Thp UCSD Guardian NEWS 

TRIAL: CourtDateSet out fOT dinner," Mabalot aid. Yesterday, Domnitz said, in 
reference to the torn clothing and 

Continued rrom page I old son, Andrew. the couple's argumer.ts, that he 
• Richardson, was strangled to Mabalot said that upon return- ~wouldn't rank thatasan unhappy 

death. ing to the home one day after one marriage" and judged that "no 
From his autopsy report, Riv- of these arguments, she found testimony of violence" had been 

ers provided a detailed descrip- two T-shirts that had been "torn submitted. 
tion of the victim' injuries and from the sleeves." Mabalot also testified that she 
aid that Maria Richardson's Mabalot said that, on another recognized photos of notes hung 

death was the result of "asphyxia- occasion, she found one of Maria in the Richardsons' home as being 
tion by a cord [applied] at the Richardson's dresses torn. samples of Charlie Richardson'S 
neck." "A lot of the source of quarrel- handwriting. The notes read "I 

much." 
Other pieces of evidence in-

cluded a handwritten, numbered 
list headed "Chuck's Problems" 
which a police investigator found 
in the defendant's backpack on 
the day Maria Richardson's body 
was found. 

Thursday. February 9, 1989 7 

go somewhere to be together and 
talk about our problems." 

Richardson, who, if found 
guilty, could face a jail sentence 
ranging from 25 years to life, 
declined to comment on the pro-
ceedings, saying, "I really don't 
feel like answering any questions 
right now." 

Editors note: Seth Slater con-
tributed to this story. 

Read It 
On Feb. 3, medical testimony ing between them[was over] going love you" and "1 love you very 

was provided by forensic expert ~ ____________________________________________ _ 
orman Sperber who stated his 

belief that the injuries found on 
the body of Maria Richardson 
could have been produced by a 

Included in that document were 
such notations as "wake up early 
in a .m. be with wife .. . take time 
every day - by self, with wife .. . 
talk without getting upset or yel-
ling .. . show more attention let's Recycle It 

WHY · 
VII:2IT~ ()r=ST. (31:1:2,"41 

telephone cord. 

" .• Sperber's opinion was based on a comparison of the victlm's injur-
ies with a telephone cord of the 
type found within several feet of 
the body. _ 

At the conclusion of Rivers' 
testimony, the last testimony 
heard during Richard on'! preli-
minary hearing, defense attorney 
Rick Siref argued that prior tes-
timony by Carmen Mabalot, who 
has worked as the Richardsons' 
housekeeper, indicated that his 
client "loved his wife very much." 

PAY MORE FOR 
CAR INSURANCE!! 

DISCOUNTS 
You can him.]il/rom thest discounts: 
• Good Siudeni - Students under 25 with a B average qualify for a 25<:[ 

di count. 

WE HAVE one of 
the best selections 

of VALENTINES, WINE and 
CANDY in San Diego. 

•••••••••••• 

Prosecuting attorney Lori 
Rooney, however, argued that 
Mabalot's testimony regarding the 
couple's arguments in months 
prio r to the death of Maria 
Richardson indicated that the 
couple was havi ng marital prob-

• Ori •• r'. Trainin, - Students under 21 who pass an appro,ed drover's 
training course qualify for a 10% discount. 

• Od.nsi •• Driving - For passing a defenSIve driving course. a 10% 
discount appltes 

.. 

.. 

FREE GIFT WRAPPING " 
• Claim-Free - If you haven' submitted a claim in two years or more, you 

qualify for a 50/0- I S% discount. FREE DELIVERY· " 
We ship anywhere 

lems. 

• Mulli-C.r - For covering two or more cars under one pOlicy. a 100/0-15% 
discount will be included on your policy. 

• Malure Dri.er - Drivers between SO and 64 years of age qualify for a 2%-
24% discount. 

•••••••••••• 

" 
During her Feb. 3 testimony, 

Mabalot testified through court 
translator Ernie Flores, J r. , that 
she had seen the Richardsons ar-
guing on approximately five oc-
casions. On a couple of these, the 
witness said, she left the Richard-
sons' home with their 15-month-

CALL NOW FOR A FREE QUOTATION 3251 Holiday Court ott Villa La Jolla Dr. (619)299-8667 
Life and Medical Available 

We're an A+ Company, 110 Years in the Business 
Conditiom QlJd restrictions mQy apply. 

OPEN: SUN.-THURS. 6 a.m.-12 MID. 
ffil.-SAT. 6 a.m.-2 a.m. 

• 455·1414 
~ __ 'In local area. Minimum purchase required/or delivery .. __ ~ 

1989·90 UCSD FINANCIAL AID 
APPLICATION WORKSHOPS 
TO ASSIST ENTERING AND CONTINUING students with the completion of UCSO's financial aid 
application materials, a number of workshops have been scheduled. For your convenience. workshops 
have been scheduled on weekdays and evenings. Saturday sessions have also been scheduled for 
students and/or families who might be interested in touring the campus, in addition to receiving 
assistance with the financial aid application materials. 

THESE WORKSHOPS ARE INFORMAL, with the Student Financial Services staff on hand to answer 
any specific questions regarding the completion of the financial aid application and/or the application 
process. Pleas. bring to the workshop your Student Aid Application for California (SAAC) 
so that your specific questions may be addressed. 
DATE 

DAYTIME WORKSHOPS 

Thursday, February 9 
Thursday, February 16 
Tuesday, February 21 
Thursday. February 23 
Monday, February 27 

EVENING WORKSHO'PS 

Tuesday, February 14 
Wednesday, February 15 
Thursday, February 16 
Monday, February 20 

TIME 

12 noon-1 p.m. 
1 p.rn.-2 p.m. 
9 a.rn.-1 0 a.rn. 
11 a.m.-12 noon 
2 p.rn.-3 p.rn. 

7 p.m.-B p.m. 
7 p.m.-B p.m. 
7 p.m.-B p.rn. 
7 p.m.-B p.m. 

WEEKEND WORKSHOPS/CAMPUS TOURS 

Saturday, February 1B 
Campus Tour 
Workshop 

Saturday, February 25 
Campus Tour 
Workshop 

1 p.m. 
2:30-4 p.m. 

1 p.m. 
2:30-4 p.m. 

PLACE 

North Conference Room - Student Center 
North Conference Room - Student Center 
North Conference Room - Student Center 
North Conference Room - Student Center 
North Conference Room - Student Center 

North Conference Room - Student Center 
Multi-purpose Room - Student Center 
North Conference Room - Student Center 
North Conference Room - Student Center 

Meet in front of Building B, Student Center 
Sequoia Room, Muir Commons 

Meet in front of Bldg. B, Student Center 
Sequoia Room, Muir Commons 



8 Thursday. February 9. 1989 

-----FEATURES-----
___________________________ ~~oq~~~-------------------------

Malcolm X~ Daughter Continues Legacy 
By ELEA OR CASTILLO 
Slall Wrrtl'r 

This month mark the 24-year 
anniversary of her father' death. 
Attallah Shabazz. as a child. wit-
nes ed the hooting of the well-
known civil rights leader. To the 
world, he was a radical , violent 
man . But to Shaban. Malcolm 
wa ' a sensitive and sentimental 
fat her. 

Malcolm X (the name "X" is a 
symbol of the true Afncan family 
na me ~ tho e of the nation of 
hlam believe the name " X" will be 
used until God returns and give 
each person a holy name) was an 
Important leader in the Black 
Mu lim movement during the 
I 960s. The movement, under the 
direction of Elijah Muhammad. 
taught Its belief in monogamy 
and abstlllence from drugs and 
alcohol to the black community. 
It stressed that being elf-suffiCient 
wa~ the key to ea rning respect 
from the white majority. 

But unlike the goal of Or. 
Martin Luther King, Jr. , which 
were to achieve integration of 
blacks into white chool . church-
es and communities, the Black 
Muslim movement believed in 
complete sepa ration from white 
society. They also disa greed with 
King's technique of civil d isobed-
ience as a tool fo r es tablishing 
equality. MAny Negro who teaches 

Attallah Shabazz, the oldest daughter of Malcolm X, continues to 
spread her father's message. 

dermatology 
• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts, psoriasis 

• leg veins • thinning hair 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Cert ified Dermatologist 

Hours: 8 a.m.·5 p.m. M-F. some Saturdays. 

552-8842 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. STE. 1121 

(behind Elephant Bar Restaurant) 

Negros to turn the cheek in the 
face of a t tack is disarming that 

egro of his God-given right . . . 
. to defend himself," said Malcolm 
X in Kenneth P. Clark's book 
King, Malcolm. Baldwin. 

In 1964, Malcolm X travelled 
to Mecca. There he met White 
Muslims who welcomed h im to 
the city. From this experie nce his 
opinion of white men as devils 
was transformed . Upon ret u rning 
to the United States, he began his 
own organization called the Or-
ganization of Afro-A merica n 
Unity (OAAU). But before the 
world could know the " new" 
Malcolm X, he was assassinated 
o n Feb . 21, 1965 a t an OAA U 
meeting in Harlem, New York. 

Attallah Shabazz(whose name 

CELE3iUi'iOn 0 ;: 
'3L..\cI( k;Sloiti' 

KEEP HOPE ALIVE 
A Musical Tribute to 
REV. JESSE JACKSON 

GUEST GOSPEL SINGERS 
REV. JOSEPH SLADE 
( former director of the 

. UCSD Gospel choir) 
ELIZABETH SLADE 

(Stockton. Calif.) 
ALADRIAN SLADE-ELMORE 

(Los Angeles. CaliJornia) 

GUEST PIANIST 
RICHARD HERRON 

(San Francisco. California ) 

UCSD GOSPEL CHOIR 
Directed by Rose Buchanan 

Narrator: Ernie McCray 

Mandeville Center Auditorium 
Thursday, February 9, 1989 8 p.m. 

$4 General Admission $3 Faculty/Sta1f/ Seniors $2 Students 
UCSD BOX OFFICE: 534-4559 o r n Cn:TMASTER OtTl'LETS. Information: 534-0670 

means "gift of God") is the e ldest S isters/ Bi j:( S isters program a t a 
o f six daughters bo rn to Ma lcolm Westches ter, ew York YMC 1\. 
a nd Bett ShabaZl. The producer, Presently she is perfo rming 
actress, playwright a nd lecturer playas a member of the act ing 
descri bes her fa ther as "a rea l co mpa ny ca lled Nucle us, which 
pushover when it came to gi rls." S ha bazz d escribed in the Los 
T hey shared a special relationship A ngeles Times inten iew as "a 
as well a s a n unca nny resem- posi ti ve ce nter of energy." The 
blance. " I felt li ke I could tell him unit consists of Yola nda King, 
a nything,"said Shabazz in a recent da ughter o f Dr. Ma rti n Luther 
interview with the LosAn~eles limes. King Jr., herri Poitier, daughter 

Betty Shabazz played a st rong 
role in her c hildren 's lives, a s her 
husba nd's work left her with much 
of the respon ibil it ies at ho me. 
Becau e her mother did such a 
remarka ble job, "it j ust see med 
like Daddy was a lways there," 
Shabazz said . Her mother kcpt a 
map on the wa ll a no period icall y 
showed her a nd hcr sisters where 
their fat her was. 

Malco lm X's teachings of the 
importa nce of self-relia n e a re 
carried o n by Shabazz. She de-
votes much of her t ime to worki ng 
with youth in order to pass t his 
a me message. Herwork began in 
ew Yo rk as d irector fo r the 

outreach department of the Little 

"", a Ve. iJ S j)e 
.,\vc.k' I"A"r C tJ.(' 

of acto r Sidney Poitie r a nd Gina 
Be lafonte, d a ughter o f singer 
Harry Bela fo nte. Their m ost pop-
ular play, ca lled "Stepping Into 
Tomorrow, " fea tu res S ha bazz as 
a yo ung girl tryi ng to cope with 
livi ng up to the expectations of 
th ose a round her. This role, Sha-
ball says, contai ns pa ra llels to 
her own li fe. The compa ny per-
fo rms in over 50 ci t ies across the 
na tion. 

As UCSD celebrates Black His-
tory Month, the University Events 
a nd Student Acti vi ties O ffice has 
invited Att allah ha ban to cam-
pus. She wi ll spea k t his Su nday 
Feb . 12, a t t he Mandeville udit-
o rium. Admi sion is $5 . 

c it y' ife, 
~ Jei\fe" i n~ hlASh 

never See"" 
't " ")er: re a I f q ,.. 

• 
, LAST DAY! , 

• • • , 
, 

" 

-----------------------

To buy a Guardian 
Valentine's Day personal adr 
Stop by the table on Revelle Plaza 

10 a.m.-2 p.m. 
or the Guardian 8 a.m.-4 p.m. 
DEADLINE IS 4 P.M. TODAY" 

• 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D'Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 1 Balboa AtJe. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 921 I 

ALSO: HO ME /CONDO OWNER INSU RANCE 

Thursday, FebrJary 9. /989 , 

La Jolla Village Square 
Dental Group GHers You: 

• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING APPTS 
• STEREO HEADPHONES 

• VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• INSTANT INSURANCE 

EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24 HOUR EMERGEN CY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER ...................... . .. . . . . 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY 
Includ~ Cieanlng & pO/i,nlng. X·Rays. Oral Cancer Exam ana PrIVate ConsultatIOn El<p<r~ 3/30/89 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
.•.•••••••••.........•............•••••••••...•.... 

DA VlD So ESHOM DoDoS 
M ember. ADA. CDA. SDCDS. Delta Dental 

886' VIII .. L .. Jail .. Dr .• Suite 50' 
(behind I(lnk6\) 455-9151 

The home of th'e 
49¢ hamburger. 

! m UCl)OIlt1/~m 
: &f/Oll. 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
lL. __ ~~-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 
II 

Quarter Pounder '~ with Cheese. Medium Fry. 

Limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit. Pleose 
present coupon when 
ordering . Not va lid with 
ony other offer. 

Medium-Size Soft Drink . COShvolu.: II 1/ 20 011 cent 
II 

Just $1 99 II 
(plus tax) II, 

OnIyal: II 

~iiiii---,iii-ii '=iiliilii--~:!f;;'~ @j I. • _______ _ 
CAREER OPPORTI1NI11ES IN 

FINANCIAL MARKEl1NG 
AmpIi<xln Fmancial is an innovative marketing and commen:ial finance orsaruza-
Cion dedicated to meeting the demaOOs of the nation's leading companies for 
high technology eqUipment. By employing an aggressive, well-trained tele-
marketing staff, AmpIicon provides CUStomers with a low oost alternative to the 
typical in-person sales presentation. 

As an account executive with Amplicon, you will prospect new accounts from 
our esublished lead sources. You will negotiate lease terms, conditions, and 
economics with financial officers of rorporations located throughout the United 
Sutes. 

To qualify you need to demonstrate that you are a hard working indiVidual, an 
outstanding rollege graduate, fi nancially motivated, and career oriented. 

We offer a rompre hensive training program rovering all aspects of the leasing 
industry, including taX and accounting regulations, contract negotiation, pricing, 
high technology product training and sales techniques. 

Compensation is salary only during the three month training period , and there-
after, $22,500/ year plus commission . First year's expected earnings: $35,000-
plus . 

For more information conuct your College/ University Career Placement Center 
or send your current resume to the address below. 

, • ~ Amplicon Financial 
2020 East Fi rst Street. Suite 401 
Santa Ana, California 92705 
Ann: Human Resources Department 
(714) 834-0525 

ONLY SEHIOUS I Q IRIES PLEA E 

.. 



-
to Thursday. Februar}' 9. 1989 

________ s~~~~3~S--__ ~ __ 
Sports-Related Injuries: Going Under the Knife 
By DAVID POTICHA 
lajf Wriler 

Editor:S note: This is the second 
part of this article, the first of 
which was run in the Feh. J issue 
of the Guardian. 

Q: What surgerie have you had? 

Fouts - I hale been real for-
tunate to avoid major surgeries. I 
have only had some "scope ." 
(Arth roscopic surgery i a micro-

surgery where the surgeon enters 
the joint through a small inci ion. 
The surgeon u es a probe that is 
remarkably ver 'atile, and can 
stitch. cut . push. and pull \\ ha-
tever is injured in the joint in 
question .) So far . I have not deve-
loped arthriti in my knees from 
the surgerie . 

Winslow - On Oct. 2 1. 19 4 I 
had major surgery to repair the 
medial collateral and posterior 
cruciate ligaments in my knee. 
Since that time I have only had 
two copes for remova l of scar 

Upcoming UCSD Club Sports ... 
What Who When 
Cycling at Cal Poly Pomona Feb. 11&12 TBA 
Lacro e (M) at Occidental Feb, II 1:00 p.m. 
Rugby (M) at USC Feb. II 1:00 p.m. 
Skiing at Mammoth Mtn . Feb. 11&12 1:00 p.m. 
Surfing BLACK'S BEACH Feb. II 7:30 a.m. 

tissue. I already have art hritis in 
my knee. 

Siljander - None. It was my 
choice to refuse urgery ... This 
[shoulder separation] was a mid-
dle grade separa tion, between first 
and third degree, and I decided 
not to ha ve the urgery done. It 
could've gone either way, so I 
decided I could live with the 
problem. 

Gerlach This wa my only 
surger . I had no choice, I saw the 
doctor and the next day 1 was in 
surgery. I had no time to think 
about it. 

Meier - I had arthroscopic 
surgery for for a torn miniscus in 
my knee, and that was the only 
urgery 1 had . 

Q: Do most players end up 
injured and needi ng surgery? 

Fouts - You can't avoid inju-
ries ... the biggest factoT i bad 
luck. 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports •.• 

Winslow - Quite a few players 
get injured , and a t least 80 percent 
of the players in the FL have 
surgery at one time or another in 
their careers. 

Siljander - I don't know 
anyone at this school who has had 
career-ending injuries. There have 
been a lot of injuries at UCSD, 

but none that even kept players 
out for the season, at least no one 
I know. I do know some people 
who have had knee surgeries, 
though. 

Gerlach - I don 't personally 
know of allY people who have had 
major injuries like mine. Guys What ~ When 

Baseball (M) CAL LUTHERAN (DH) Feb. 
Basketball (W) AZUSA PACIFIC Feb. 

aL Cal St. San Bernardino Feb. 
Basketball (M) at Cal St. San Bernardino Feb. 
Softball (W) UCSDALUMNI Feb. 
Swim and Dive (W) at Pepperdinej USD Feb. 
Tennis POMONA-PITZER Feb. 

LONG BEACH STATE Feb. 
Tennis(M) CALIFORNIA LUTHERAN Feb. 
Track" Field (M" W) Long Beach All-Comers Meet Feb. 
Volleyball (M) UCIRVINE Feb. 

UC BERKELEY (Scrim.) Feb. 

II 12:00 p.m. 
9 6:00 p.m. 

)0 6:00 p,m. 
10 8:00 p.m. 
11 11:00 p.m. 
IJ 12:00 p.m. 
10 2:00 p.m. 
)J 10:30 a.m. 
11 10:08 a.m. 
Jl 10:00 a.m. 
10 7:tO p.m. 
II 7:10 p.m. 

See INJURY, page 11 

Triton Sports Update .. . 
Baseball 

The ninth-ranked UCS D men's 
baseball team opened its season 
on a positive note Tuesday after-
noon , defeating Christ College 5-
I in Irvine. 

Triton Mike Morgan earned 
the victory, pitching five innings 
and surrendering only one run. 
Rick Rupkey hurled four innings 
of scoreless relief to earn the save, 
striking out eight and walking 
one. 

Dave Ligermanand Henry Jim-
enez each had two hits and two 
RB I for UCSD. The Tritons open 
at home on Saturday at noon 
with a doubleheader against Cali-
fornia Lutheran. 
Men 's Tennis 

Sparked by the return of both 
Francois Monnar and Hunter 
Galloway, the Triton men's tennis 
team cruised to a 7-2 victory yes-
terday over Point Lorna Naza-
rene in its First Division III con-

---------- ----------------------------------------, test of the season. UCSD's overall 

'Cot tman ~ __ !ll 
SINCE 1~e2 

International and Coast to Coast Warranty 
5820 Autoport Mall San Diego, CA 92121 

(619) 552-0556 

London School of Economics 
and Political Science 

A chance to study and live in London 
Junior-year programs, Postgraduate Diplomas, One-
Year Master's Degrees and Research Opportunities in 
the Social Sciences. 
The wide range of subjects includes :-
Accounting and Finance . Actuarial Science . Busi-
ness Studies • Economics • Econometrics • 
Economic History . European Studies . Geography . 
Government . Health Planning . Housing . Industrial 
Relat ions . International History . International Rela-
tions • Law • Management Science • Operational 
Research • Philosophy. Logic & Scienti fic Method . 
Population Studies • POlit ics • Regional and Urban 
Planning . Sea-Use Policy . Social Administration . 
Social Anthropology . Social Planning in Developing 
Countries . Social Work . Sociology . Social Psychol -
ogy • Stat istical and Mathematical Sciences . 
Systems AnalysIS . 
ApplIcation forms from 
AdmISSIons Registrar. Room 10, LSE., 
Houghton Street, London WC2A 2AE, England. 
,tatlng whether undergraduate ur postgraduate 

LSE 

Going to EUROPE 
This Summer? 

TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR EXPERTISE 
, . . AND GREAT AIR FARES! 

European Travel S eminar 
MONDAY, FEB. 13, 6 PM 

North Conference Room Student Center 
Featuring information on: 

LOWEST AIRFARES . EURAIL PASSES 
• YOUTH HOSTELS . BACKPACKS 

• STUDENT DISCOUNTS . MUCH MORE! 

Sample Summer Fares: 
LONDON . ,.$699 M1STERDM1 ... $699 FRANKFUm ... $728 

Your Student Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 452.Q630 

record is now 1-2. 
Sig Huber, who played in the 

number one slot for yesterday's 
contest, fell victim to the domi-
nating play of Hans H ogstedt 6-1 , 
6-2. Monnar had a little trouble 
wi nning his match (6-3, 7-6), and 
Jim Elliott lost his match 6-3,6-3. 
but Galloway (6 ·1, 6-0), Jeff 
French (6-0, 6-1), and Tim Ditzler 
all had no trouble winning their 
matches. 

To add insult to injury, the 
doubles teams of Huber/ Gallo-
way, Monnar/ French, and Elli-
ott / Ditzler easily defeated the 
Point Lorna doubles teams. Sat-
urday, UCSD will play its home 
opener against California Luthe-
ran on the Muir courts at 10 a.m. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

1 u s 

Reed Takes A Walk 
On The 

bYdOnOvanp. roCh:~e:"~~~liillliiiiil~~ 
assistant hiatus edito~' __ ., 

Perhaps best known for his overtly sexual "Walk On The Wild Side," Lou 
,~~~~~~!~'~~:~~ to confronting contemporary issues head on. While others 
iii steering clear of the controversial, Reed succeeds by immers-~~i:l~ij~lf in it. 

ake his new album New York for instance. A concept album in every sense 
of the word, New York deals with the rotting condition of the Big Apple - as 
seen, of course, through Lou Reed's perceptive eyes. 

In "Dirty Blvd," when Reed sings, "No one here dreams of being a doctor or a 
lawyer or anything/They dream of dealing on the dirty boulevard," you believe 
him. His lyrics jump out at you from the perspective of actually walking with 
Reed through a city swelling with poverty, homelessness, disease , racial via· 
lence and drugs. 

"Busload of Faith," one of three live tracks on the album, gives Reed the 
oppbrt).mity to reveal his most pessimistic side. He sings, "You can't depend on 
no miracle/You can't depend on tl;te..~i!l'{!l4.s:an't depend on a wise man/You 
can't find them because they're not'thij;:e: ~:':":' 

In a' more humorous vein.Reed~eals.~th onea5pe-ct of parenting - why to 
become one. :~~~:~::~;;::/ .:, .. ::,:." ;.: .' .. 

The j~zzy "Beginning of a G~ MV4!l:!hsr¢' has Reed planning an unusual 
adventure: "I'd breed a little:libelal~rmY i" th~WQOds/Just like these redneck 
lunatics/ I see at the local bar:llNitti ··t~eir trine' 0f mutant inbred piglets with 
cloven hooves." . '.' . '-".::' 

But such humor is relatively rare on: Nau Y oT~ Re~d is careful not to injure 
his material with the wrong.~oacb.-::. : ..... ::.::::. '. ::::" 

In "Endless Cycle," Re~i:t;·r6I16ws .. ~ ·.path of· an infinitely more serious 
parenting problem - child abuse. But his approach this. time is more compas-
sionate: "The man if he marries wiU batter his child/and have endless ex-
ctJses.ffhe woman sadly will do much the same/ thinking that it's right and it's 
proper." 

But Reed's impassioned account of human decadence would not be com-
plete without his own rebuttal to politicians and their politics. 

While "Good Evening Mr. Waldheim" attacks Jesse Jackson's "Common 
speech made last summer at the Democratic National Convention, 
;\~~~~~~No Time" (another powerful live track) finds little reason for the 
~ surrounding government appointments. 

much of the success New York can look forward to will undoubtedly be 
to the simplicity of the arrangements. "I was after minimalism with all 

high-tech advantages - not cleanliness but controlled leakage," Reed says. 
, Reed was able to capture this high-tech minimalism with the help of co-
. and drummer Fred Maher, Rob Wasserman on upright six·string 

arid Mike Rathke on second guitar. 
New York is about the city after which it is named -from Christopher 

, to Tompkins Square and Howard Beach; from Central Park to the 
of Bigotry (as Reed calls it) - it is Reed's intention for us to see the 

similarities in our own communities. ,1m~~£~t ~:1~~' 
He may not offer any solutions to our perilous condition, but he ~ 

to take a look. He shows us a slice of America that many Anlerica~lig:~J:jr:!~~m 
to look at, but demands to be seen. 

"I'm writing stuff you have to listen to," Reed says. "That's not my cdi~~~i.. 
that's my conviction. And if you really listen, you'll be rew~~: :::::::;:::~;::::::: :::::::::;!I~ 

And that you will. .. ........... !iOoit~i!OI 

, 

• • ... '1 , f.1 ,~, ~ 1 ..... \ 1 



tStupidity In Government' 
Inspection of die new fast paced UCSD theatre production, 

The yOllernment lnspector, is required. It is a sly and satiric comedy 
lambasting corruption and stupIdity in government. Nikoli Go-
gol's comic masterpiece will be presented in the Weiss Studio, 
located In the Mandell Weiss Theatre. The production wIll run 
Feb. 8-12 and 15-18. 

The GOliernmL'Tl[ Inspector is considered by many to be one of the 
greatest Russian comedIes of the 1830's. The play satirizes the 
corrupt city officials of a small town. The officials panic when 
they hear of the arrival of a government inspector intent on 
examining their unscrupulous affairs. 
. Mistaking a stranger for the inspector, the townspeople clums-
Ily try to bribe him. The stranger is no fool and proceeds to take 
them for all they' re worth! 

Tickets for Th~ Government Inspector are available at the UCSD 
Theatre Ticket Office, TicketMaster, the UCSD box office and 
ArtsTix. Tickets are $8 for general admission, $5 for students and 
$6 for UCSD faculty, staff and senior citizens on weeknights. Call 
534-4574 for tickets and information. 

VE S 
A H~EAD 

H AIRCUTS 
by ChristilUl and Anthony 

WOMEN S17 
(reg. $25) 

MEN SI4 
(reg. $19) 

For appointment. please call 457-1930. 8950 Vi/III La JoUa Dr., 
Sir. 2120, La Jolla (behind £1 Torito directly across ramp.) 

--.". ... 

TALKING IIIADS 
U2 • TIll CURl • 111M 
DlPlCHI MODE 
JOt SAIIlIANI • XTC 
OINN IOIHOO 

.............. 

mAUlnG 

W 
1 ... . .. . .. 

• A spoof of serious music at 
UCSD Mandeville Audito-
rium with PDQBach Feb. 14 
at 8 p.m. Admission prices are 
$15 General Admission $12 

taff, $10 Students. For infor-
mation call 534-4090. 

• Oliver - A musical setting of 
Dickens' Beloved Oliver Twist 
presented by the La 10lla Stage 
Company from Feb. 10-26 at 
the Parker Community Audi-
toium. For information call 
459-7773. 

• An evening of drama with 
Robert Green lrigenol on 
The Liberty of Man, Woman 
and Child in the personage of 
Robert E. Greeley on Feb. 11 
at 8 p.m. in the Forum at the 
Great American First Savings 
Bank, 2nd floor University 
Towne Center. Sponsored by the 
Free Thinker's Society of San 
Diego and The Humanist Fel-
lowship of San Diego. $5 admis-
sion charge, call 239-9043 or 
492-8042 for registration. 

• UCSD's Contemporary 
Black Arts program will spon-
sor a musical tribute to the Rev. 
Jesse Jackson, at 8 p.m. Thurs-
day, Feb. 9 in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. The UCSD Gos-
pel Choir will perform under the 
direction of ROlle Buchanan. 

The program will be nar-
rated by Ernie McCray. 

v f 
Tickets are $4 for general 

admission, $3 for seniors, and 
$2 for students. For information 
call 534-0670. 

• St. Valentine's Day Reggae 
Party with the Cardiff Reefers 
at the Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach at 9:30 p.m. Bring 
your sweetie or maybe meet one 
while dancing to some great 
tunes. Call 481-8140 for info. 

• San Diego Opera presents 
its premiere of Beethoven's only 
opera, Fidelio, which opens at 
the Civic Theatre on Saturday, 
Feb. 11 at 7 p.m. Other perfor-
mance dates are Feb. 14, 17 and 
19. Fidelio tells the story of a 
devoted wife who risks every'" 
thing to save her husband from 
unjust political imprisonment. 

Tickets range from $10 to 
$52.50 and can be charged by 
calling 236-6510 or can be pur-
chased at the Civic Center Box 
Office. 

• Tom Raworth will be read-
ing his poetry this Wed. in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge at 
4:30 p.m. There is no admission 
charge. For more information 
call 534-2533. 

• Sushi presents Streetsite& '89 
featuring four public art projects 
and one gallery installation by 
San Diego artists. The show will 
run from Feb. 11 through March 
11 . The opening reception will 
be from 7 to 9 p.m. at Sushi on 
Feb. 11 with a special unveiling 
reception for "Veiled Aquifer" 
on Feb. 17,8-10 p.m. at Crown 
Point Park, Mission Bay. For 
more information call 235-8466. 

• An evening slide presentation 
by Los Angeles photographer 
Robert Heinecken will be held 

Hewlett Packard™ 
Zeta™ 

Bruning Graphics ™ 
Houston Instruments ™ 

Cal CompTM 
GRAPHIC CONTROLS offers pen plotter supplies to fit 
a wide range of plotters. 

GRAPHIC CONTROLS is unique. As a manufacturer of 
both pens and media, our ability 10 develop these 
products in conjunction with each other allows us to offer 
you a package or "system" of compatible products. 

You have the best plotter for your application ... now get 
the best supplies for your plotter. 

Call 1-800-777-' 067 for a free GRAPHIC CONTROLS 
pen plotter supplies catalog . 

lei Graphic Controls 

in conjunction with the ' ~~;. :. 
MUleum of Phototlrap c: " " 
Arts exhibition, That Wal 
Then ... Thil II Now, on Feb. 9 
at 7:30 p.m. in the Grayson 
Boehm Lecture Hall, Reuben 
H. Fleet Space Theatre, Balboa 
Park . General admission for the 
lecture is $4; $3 for students and 
senior; and $2.50 for MoPA 
members. For more information 
call 239-5262. 

• 'Tis the season for some 
serious whale watching. A 
two-hour cruise to observe 
migrating gray whales as they 
head south with a naturalist 
from Scripps Aquarium to 
answer questions will take place 
Feb. 12 f~m 9-11 a.m. General 
admission is $12. For informa-
tion call 534-4578. 

-compiled by isabelle tihanyi 

I H T U 

o 

Rm fOllOR 
SABRinA ~OUmAnS 

HSSOCIRlf HRrS fOil DR 
mrUIA CAmPBm 

HSSISrAnr Hm tOIlORS 
PAm JWlf 

DonOVAn P. Rom 

muSIC fOIiOR 
LARRY WflnlRnUH 

o SEniOR SlW WRllfR 0 
ISRHHLf mRnYI 

OfSlGn ConSULlRnJ 
mlHE mRRlInEZ 

o Sim WRIIERS 0 
RRTHUR m 
LAUR~ HAHER 

Jim GRRY 
CHRISlinA HUIZAR 

JOHn HfRRnEY 
LAURR Hnm 
JEff lnmef!H 

PHil mnCGOYERn 
mlH[ mnRlInH 

LRRA mlHR1H 
nAnCY munlnfR 

SASe"n OGlnz 
RICH RHODES 

JUlif SO nn rRG 
JEAn SUZUHI 

DEB E. younG 

HI~IUS IS' PUBliluro rVIRY IHU~SO~Y or lUI 
R[ROlml[ YIRR RS R SUPPllmlnllO IHI UCSO 
GUAADIAn ~rp~00U[ 1I0n O~ USI or Rny POR 
rlOn or IHIS SILIIDn WIIHOUI wnlilin PfR ' 
miSSion IS PROUI91110 WI WHComr unSD11 
CIllO lIII[RS. mRnUSCRIPIS Rno ~~IWORH QUI 
mum I no RI SPonSIBl\l ly lOR IUII~ R(JURn 

VOlumf 21 numm 6 
~------~o~----

H T 

International Talent 
Celebrates New 

School of Architecture I 

by jean suzuki 
hiatus writer 

The Mandeville Gallery is now 
featuring an exhibit of the drawi ngs 
and models of four internationally 
renowned architects in celebration 
of the founding of a School of 
Architecture at UCSD. 

Titled "Architecture/Shaping 
the Future," the exhibit showcases 
the works of Ricardo Legorreta of 
Mexico, Fumihiko Maki of japan, 
Richard Meier of the United 
State, and Richard Rogers of 
England. 

A symposium was held in con-
junction with this exhibit at Man-
deville Auditorium on Feb. 4 . It 
was a day-long event where ea h 
architect held an illustrated lec-
ture of his past works and future 
plans. There was also a panel dis-
cussion that addressed questions 
on the topic of education in 
architecture. 

The symposium was held to 
bring together members of the 
community and UCSD with a 
group of distinguished architects 
to promote awareness about the 
role of the new School of 
Architecture. 

Richard Meier's 

Axonometric in 

Context, 1986, 

located in The 

Hague, 

Netherlands 

As a part of the exhibit, there 
are rough sketches of concepts 
and ideas, along with minutely 
detailed drawings, photographs, 
models and an audio-visual pres-
entation relating to the architects' 
ideas. There are also many exam-
ples of the architects' progression 
from sketch to finished work. 

Legorreta is known as "Mexico's 
Mexican Architect" because he 
utilizes his knowledge of tradi-
tional Mexican architecture in his 
works. The models and photo-
graphs displayed at the Gallery 
illustrate Legorreta's use of vibrant 
colors and geometric shapes, as 
well as the buildings' overall har-
mony with their surroundings. 
Legorretr. uses the different land-
scapes to enhance his deSigns, such 
as the Camino Real Hotel where 
the oceanic backdrop is a good 
contrast to the geometric shape of 
the hotel. He is currently working 
on designing the International 
Student Center at UCLA, as well 
as the High-tech Museum of Sil-
icon Valley in San jose. 

Maki's works use elements of 
advanced technology . He focuses 
on the use of different materials, 
such as granite and stainless steel, 

to achirve a futuristlc look. In his 
model of the Tokyo Science 
Museum, Maki tries to achieve 
visual harmony from all angles. 

He states that, "Art should be 
enjoyed, even while having tea," 
meaning that a project should be 
pleasing to the eyes no matter 
what one is doing. The unusual 
roof design of the Tokyo Metro-
politan Gymnasium was influ-
enced by pictures of old japanese 
temrles and shrines, a great con-
trast to its otherwise modern look 
created through Maki's use of 
stainless steel. Maki blends ideas 
of old with advanced technology 
design and materials to achieve his 
own unique style. 

Meier stresses the importance 
of light, space, and form in his 
works, while also being concerned 
with the social impact of architec-
ture. His most important and most 
recent project is designing the 1· 
Paul Getty Center in Brentwood, 
California. The rr.odel of this cen-
ter shown at the Gallery reveals 
how he considers the total sur-
rounding landscape when decid-
ing on his designs. He prefers sim-
plistic styles to complement the 
surroundings. 

Rogers is noted for his empha-
sis on urban projects. One of his 
exhibits at the Gallery is his view 
of London as it could be if he 
renovated certain aspects of the 
city. Rogers believes that art, 
science, history, politics, and eco-
nomics are all essential aspects of 
architecture. But innovation is 
most important because it results 
in new designs . 

One of Rogers' most innovative 
projects was the Pompidou Cen-
ter in Paris, where he mixed bright 
colors with a tangle of pipes and 
beams. In the 'Gallery exhibit, 
Rogers is represented by his visions 
of "London As It Could Be," 
Alcazar (a clothing and textile cen-
ter in France), and the Double-
ment Amont du Pont d'Auster-
litz, which is a suspension bridge 
over the Seine river. 

The common thread between 
these four architects is their vision 
of looking toward the future 
through their progressive designs. 

This exhibit will run until Feb. 
26 at the Mandeville Art Gallery. 
The Gallery is open from noon to 
5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday, 
and there is no admission charge. 

'Camera Obscura' Inverts Reality 

Vernon Fisher 

by sasha oginz 
hiatus writer 

"I make up these Tules that don'e 
make sense and then follow them to 
the letter and then adJust thmgs to 
tasee. I Just halle to do it that way. I 
don't know why." 

-Vernon Fisher 

The first large-scale exhibitIon 
of works by Texas-based artist 
Vernon Fisher is on view at the La 
jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art until April 2. 

Fisher combines drawing, paint-
ing, photography, sculpture, text, 
and objects he has found in works 
that range from room-size installa-
tions to small diptychs and trip-
tychs to free-standing sculpture. 

Night Watch, 1985 
pieces that were characterized by a 
witty fusion of language and visual 
imagery. Until 1985 Fisher com-
bineJ images and text in individ-
ual and sequential panels. 

Later his work expanded into 
multi paneled assemblages, includ-
ing sections painted directly on 
walls. These also incorporate 
objects he has found - ranging 
from comic strip images to porce-
lain urinals - and sculptural ele-
ments that give the works a sur-
realistic overtone . 

Fisher's images anJ anecdotes 
center on everyday events gone 
awry and reflect the artist's strong 
ties to the Southwestern literary 
tradition. 

Instead of trying to investigate 

and copy so-called reality like 
some art does, Fisher's work is 
more about the nature of percep-
tion. For Fisher, the world is a 
huge network of artificial signs 
that structure "real life" as we 
know it . 

Recu rring imagery such as 
globes, blackboards, navigational 
charts, and cartoon characters 
reiterate Fisher's focus on ways of 
perceiving and receiving infor-
mation. 

Fisher, who has received nation-
al and inrernational recognition, 
promises to be one of the most 
exciting artists shown in San Diego 
this year. Don't miss this mid-
career retrospective. 

Vernon Fisher 

The exhibition is comprised of 
27 works created between 1976 ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
and 1989 and one site-specific .1 £XpireJ1//~/89 30 ~S ·1' 
installation entitled Camera Ob- ~ 
SCUTa. _ \\ 

Camera Obscura, which will be • 1 ~ g.. 
seen only at the La Jolla Museum, • ~'Z. 
makes use of sunlight and the sea- • ~. 
gulls that are found outside the • ·WITH THIS AD • 
Museum's Glass Gallery where • Wolff System • 2nd 30 Tan Days $39 Call for details • 
the piece is installed. • - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - • 

With the use of a diopter lens • Lose up to 18" • 
inserted into the gallery's darkened •• I .-n one sessl-on •• ' 
windows, viewers experience a 
large-scale "camera obscura" that • $3 · • • 
d· I 1 \. . EIl10,n"an Bod'" ur,ap • ISP ays externa rea Ity as an y" J ~~, 
inverted image. • Not a temporary water loss. Reduce cellulite. No exercise • 

Vernon Fisher's work came to • LA JOLLA 459-5165 TAN PACIFIC BEACH 581·9060 • 
the forefront of contemporary •• SOLANA BEACH 259-3150 . 4 LISS SPORTS ARENA 297-WRAP •• 
narrative art in the mid-'70s with "Intro Mml Wrap-call for details Expim 1/16/89 
r------------.l •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 1 

You name it. .. We frame it 
7.CUSTOM FRAMING lUMITED EDITIONS 
,-'OILS/PASTELS l CERTIFICATES 
lWATERCOLOURS ;, COINS/MEDALS 
'If'HOTOGRAPHS / EMBROIDERIES 
/!RINTS/POSTERS lTAPESTRIES ETC. 

5745 La Jolla Blvd. 
(Near Bird Rock Ave.) 

*Please present VCSD ID 
when placing order 459-5227 



u c 

i Delectable Duran i 
• • 
• by isabelle tihanyi • 
· '. • hiatuJ senior staff writer • 
• • 
• Look at thatpostenor.Itcan o nly be one person . Noone • 
: gyrates like rhar but Bon ... Simon Ie Bon, that is. And don't : 
• try to tell his f3lthful fans otherwi e. • 
: Le Bon's awkward yet endearing moves combined with a : 
• clear vOice and sexy stage how, led Duran Duran m an • 
: exotic performance la t Thursday night at the Universal : 
• Amphitheatre In Los Angele . The show was complete with • 
• • • la er lights, nearly-nude dancing women, and the ever- • 
: seductive John Taylor on bass. : 
• In order to create a nightclub mood, the performance did • 
: not begin until after 10 p.m. with opening guests, The : 
• Pursuit of Happmess (TPOH). • 
: This band from Canada really rocks. They have a simple. : 
: real sho~ with good sound and Iynes. Too real, In fact, for : 
• the "Duranies" who dIdn't appreciate the jamming gUItars • 
: and thrashing vocalt t of TPOH. : 
• To the rellC:·f ofhigh-heded and mint-sklffed fans, Duran • 
: Duran came on around 11:30 p.m. The musa: was a mlx- : 
• tur~ of prevIOus favorites: "Notorious," "Planet Earth," • 
: "Glrlson Film," "Reflex," "Save a Prayer," and "RIo." An : 
• interesting medley was done with "Election Day" from the • 
: Ar.-,u.itu album and "Some Like It Hot" from the Power : 
• '!aclOn album. • 
• • 
• ew songs from the BIg Thin/( album were powerful and • 
: fun wIth" A ll She Wants Is," "1 Don 't Want Your Love," : 
• and "Drug Uust a state of mind)." The o ne letdown wa • 
: "Too Late Marlene," a mush y ballad that really slowed : 
• things; so slow that it Inspi red the audience to sit down, get • 
• • • comfortable, light up cigarettes and turn the place into a • 
: smoky nightclub. : 
• Other (han this lag in the performance, the sho w con- • 
: t inued as a raging dance-parry and ended at 1:30 a.m . with : 
• the encore a swinging version o fT-Rex's hit " Bang-A-Gong • 
: (GerIt On)." • 
· : • ........................................... 

DC SAN DIEGO INTERNATIONAL SmE 
FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

DRAGON CHOW 
DI RECTE D BY JAN S CHUTTE 

WITH B HA SKFR, R IC YONG & B UDDY UZZAMA N 
DRAGON CHOW IS THE STORY OF CHINESE RESTAURANT, HE BECOMF.~ 

Though you can catch him in polyester, his h air is not greasy. It's well ... very, vl:ry long 
Bur it's not his looks that make LJavid Lindley unique, it' his incredible talent as a musician. 

Tonight at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach (long may it live) you can treat yourself to 
hearmg Lindley perform with his band, El Rayo-X. 

Eccentric as it is, describing Undley's appearance is easier than trying to categorIze hi. 
musIc. Although he play~ almost every strin&~d instrument imaelnable duringliw pt·rfor-
man es, he sticks primanly to the e1 ... ctnc gUItar and the bouzouki (A TurkIsh Insrrument). 

Most of his mUSIC IS labeled either reggae or rock 'n' roll, but It'S more of a crazy quilt of 
differ,'nt Influ ... nces - from Middle Eastern melodIes and rhythm and blues, to folk, 
flamenco, country and bluegras . 

"Everything I've ever hea rd that I have bt!en inspired by, o r infl uenced by in some way, has 
become a part of my music," says LIndley. " It has never mattered to me that these influences 
and different styles of musIc have come from opposite ends of this tiny planet ." 

Very Greasy, his fifth album with EI Rayo-X , reflects all of these influences. Despite 
Li ndley's p ro wess as a musician, the album is somewhat disappo inting in its i~consiste~cl es. 
Only the first and last two songs are outstanding. The rest are competent, enjoyable plece.s, 
but not up to the standards he se t with h is first two albums. StIli, the album as a whole IS 
defi nitely worth listening to, especially if you need a change from the likes of 91X's 
techno-pop or KGB's pounding fo ur-four time. 

The first song, "Gimme Da' Ting," comes from the Trinidadian calypso songbook of Lord 
Richter (which is enough in itself to make the song intriguing). It does what Lindley's m1,lsic 

See LlNDLl::Y, page 6 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW! 

Recently in five cities across the country, Los Angeles, 
Nashville, Atlanta, St. Louis and Seattle preview audiences 

saw a new movie about a man called Joe Clark. It is the most 
involving, uplifting and moving film to come around in a long, 

long time. Audiences who have experienced these advance 
previews know it's an unforgettable film event... 

Find out for yourself. 

AN AsIA."I POLITICAL REFUGEE LIVING 

ON THb EDGE IN THAT lAND OF 

ECONOMIC M IRACLES, W ESl G~,RMANY. 

FRI END WITH A WAJTER NAMED XIAO 

ANI) TOGETH ER 1 H EY STORM TH I:. 

THE H~,RO, A R£SOURCHUL YOUNG 
P AKlSTANI NAMED SHEZAD, ARRIVES IN 

HAMBURG AND DISCOVERS AN UNPRO -

MISED IJ.ND OF Wl-.LFARE 

1-'0TEI.s, CON M J-., , AND 

IMMIGRATION AUTHORl -

TI .• A FfER LANDING A 

lOB IN A SECON D- RATE 

" Sad,gracejul and 
eloquent ... heartwarming 

and hrartbreaking. " 
New York Times 

"A proJlocative look at 
the New Germany. " 

Village Voice 

CI J'A DI:.l. O~ W ESTI:.RN CAPITALISM BY 
OPEN ING A Rr. T AURANT m THE IR OWN. 
D RAGON CHOW STAYS CLO ~. TO ITS 
CHARA(JERS WITH A SERIES O~ 

J-.VOCA fi VI-. I OW- K~.Y 

Vll,NI-.Tf ES T HAT 

SLOWLY BUILD TO A 

POIGNANT AND l'OWER-

,UI. CONCLUS ION. 

19l!8 Germany 
75 minutes 35 mm 
German & Mandarin 
with English subtitles. 
February 16, Thurs. 
8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Aud . 
Series Pass: $15 .00 
Singles: $2.50 

UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

February 15, Wednesday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Free Passes available at 12noon on Monday 
Feb. 13 at UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

- admission by pass onlyl -
..... __ Presented by University Events" Student Activities __ _ 

L m 

'True Believer' Offers Suspense 
by julie sonntag 

hiatus writer 

A Golden Globe Award Nominee for his role as a cop-killer 
in The Onion Field, James Woods is currently o n the other side 
ofrhe law, starring in Columbia Pictures' True Believer. W oods 
plays , Eddie Dodd, a cy nical defense attorney, known for his 
loopho le tactics in acquitting drug dealers. 

The murder mystery begins as Dodd unwillingly takes on a 
murder case at the insistence of his new associate, Roger Baron, 
played by Robert Downey, Jr. 

Downey, Jr., best known for his role in The Pick-Up Artist, 
plays an ideal istic law school graduate who remembers Dodd in 
his former days as a champion of the underdog and civil 
liberties. 

This unlikely pair takes on the case of Shu Kai Kim, a Sing 
Sing prison convict, who is accused of kill ing a fellow prisoner. Behind bars in True Believ~rs 
KIm is portrayed by Yuji Okumoto. 

The m ystery unfolds as Dodd and Baron investigate Kim's original crimei the murder of a Chinese 
gang leader in New York's Chinatown. After uncovering facts indicating a possible cover up, the 
attorneys risk their lives trying to find evidence to prove their claim. 

Woods and Downey both put in excellent performances, effectively carrying the suspense of the 
movie as well as adding a touch of comedy to this drama. .. . . 

The most unrealistic part of the film is a character flaw in the convict, Shu Kal KIm. KIm magIcally 
changes from a hardened criminal to a clean-cut young American by the end of the film. 

The cinematography is very innovative, displaying creative use of black and white film to comple-
ment the scenes in color. 

The last key component of the story is the pace of the film . Without boring the audience, the timing 
allows for a large amount of action to be packed into two hours . 

Overall, I would recommend this movie to those adventurous moviegoers who enjoy the suspense 
and intrigue of a good mystery drama. 

Roger Baron (Robert Downey, Jr.) defends Sho Kai Kim (Yuji Ok"moco) in True Believers. 

lADIES 
S64.89 

~IRTUS musIc TRIVIR DUll 
W elcome to week #2 of the KSDT / Hiatw music trivia 

quiz. One winner each week will win a free record of his o r her 
choice from a bountiful selection. In the event of a tie the winner 
will be selected at random from those who answered correctly. 
The participant with the most wins at the end of the quarter will 
win a special prize: an hour of radio time during hump hour to 
play whatever he or she wishes. Please submit your answers to the 
Guardian office by Monday after publication with your name and 
telephone number, address and major. 

1) Who wer~ the Italian ver-
sion of the Osmonds1 

Hint: They had a hir with 
"Heartbeat is a Lovebeat." 

2) What is the name of the 
T.V. family that sang "Sunshine 
Day"1 

3) What is the last name ofthe 
two brothers in Run DMC? 

4) What is the name of the 
group that featured the Gibb . 
brothers? 

Hint: Think 1970s. 
5) Joey, Dee Dee and Johnny 

Ramone are the main compo-
nents of the Ramones; are they 
related! 

Last week's answers: 

To Question # 1-
uVenus" 
The Shocking Blue 
"Mary, Mary," The Monkeys 
"Kiss," Prince 
Was (Not Was) 
"Burnin' Up," Madonna 
" Red, Red Wine, " Neil 

Diamond 

To ~estion #2-
The Bible 

Congratulations to last week's 
winner, Jay Steiger. 

ODO"/~~~~~~,,,,!~~g· K No one can listen to Kodo drums witho~t v!brating ... 
stunmng. 
THE 8OS'IOII QLOI( 

"The troupe ... 
transfixes an 
audience and 
raises the act of 
drumming to 
spiritual intensity.' 
LOS MIEW 1WE$ 
Hlf you miss this 
brilliant troupe 
you will never 
realize an almost 
indescribable 
experience: 
IMY .... IiEwYOM 

I'.M. 
. friday fein." 10 

Seblnllty Febru.ry 11 
SYMPHONY HALL 
Call 234-5155 
for information. 
TIckets stan at $15.00 
Available at all 77CK.,~~ TIcketmaster outlets. 
~ To charge by phone. 

These performances SponSOfed by s... D. Gel • Electric call Z7I-nxs 

because: ~ • We cater to students • No credit card necessary. No deposit necessary for qualified renters. Movies, video recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent. Huge selection of movies 

TIe-on or sllp-on 

~ ONLY S24.95 reg. 535.95 800Ic .... F .... ,., p-" Co ....... (Fanny Pack zips off) 
REG. $39.95 

5.A.LE '21.89 

NRV RELaAS.S, ELVIRA MISTRESS OF THE DARK 
• CADDYSHACK " • THE GOOD MOTHER 

• BUll DURHAM COMING SOON. POL 'nIIGEIST III 
, We have thejinest selection offoreignjilms in the county. 

-------------------------------

-Bring This Ad to Rmt One Movie-
and get a Sf!colld rental for F~EE! 
---~-------------------------

Monday thru Thursday. expires 2/16/89 
8843 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. 

RALPH'S CENTER BETWEEN CROWN BOOKS AND oseo 
HOURSI Sun.-""urs. " __ a "",/"rt.·S.. 11 _10 ..... 

I I I I I I 450-1554 

• 



n c f Lindley 
Continued from page 4 

Ballet Hispanico Inspires 
does best - picks you up if you're 
feeling down . Some more interest-
ing trivia: you can hear Linda 
Ronstadt in the background sing-
ing harmony . She also produced 
the album. The bouzouki brings a 
light acoustic sound to "Talkin' to 
the Wino Too," a wistful ballad . 
The lap steel guitar brings an 
intriguing sound to "Tiki Torches 
at Twilight." W arren Zevon's 
"Werewolves of London" is great 
if only for rhe fun of singing along 
with rhe ahooooooooo .. . 

by christina huizar 
hiatus writer 

An image pops into my head 
when I think of rhe dance com-
pany's name, Ballet Hispanico. I 
picture the folkloric quality of 
beautiful young men and women 
swaying to the sound and vibra-
tions of their heri rage. 

They click their heels rogether 
in unison with castanets snapping 
vigorously above their heads. The 
women swing their hips. their 
beautiful dresses gracefully swirl-
ing to the festivity. 

This image of a Hispanic folk-
loric dance materializes with a 
dancing style that is passionate 
and complex, a style that ventures 
into other cultures, other historic 
areas and choreography. 

The Ballet Hispanico, a 12-
member professional touring 
dance company from New York, 
will give a one-night only perfor-
mance Saturday, Feb. 11 at the 
Mandeville Center Auditorium. 

"Their seemingly expansive 
arms and legs evoke images of the 
straightforward, celebrated sen-
suality typically associated with 
the Caribbean drums," according 
to dance critic Judith Smith. 

Dancer Maria Mackerui will 

Passionate Pride 
perform a solo with her articulate 
hands expressing both grand and 
subtle emotion. Her body exhibits 
the freedom found in the arena of 
serious discipline. 

All of the dancers in Ballet His-
panico have received wide acclaim 
for their ability to express beauty 
in dance. 

The choreography of the pieces 
to be performed Saturday night, 
along with the costumes, lighting 
and music, should prove to be a 
very wonderful and powerful 
surprise. 

The Ballet Hispanico of New 
York was established 19 years ago 
when minority children had little 
hope for careers in the performing 
arts and when there was consider-
able prejudice against the rapidly 
growing Hispanic community. The 
Ballet Hispanico was established 
by Tina Ramirez, one woman who 
recognized these problems and the 
need for the company. 

Ramirez began the Ballet His-
panico after she promised to take 
over her reti ring Spanish dance 
teacher's studio. 

Since it started in the small stu-
dio in New York City, the Ballet 
Hispanico has moved inro two 
historic buildings and has given 
performances in Italy, France, 

Venezuela and rhe Virgin Islands. 
The Ballet Hispanico is not just 

a touring dance company. It also 
has provided low cost profeSSional 
dance instruction to over 900 
people, and administers over 60 
scholarships to qualified dancers. 

The Ballet Hispanico has one 
main goal that it tries to fulfill 
within every aspect of the dance 
company. The aim is to promote a 

deeper understanding and appre-
ciation of America's Hispanic 
culture. 

In doing so the company is able 
to strengthen Hispanic Americans' 
pride in their own cultura I heritage. 

Saturday's performance should 
excite audiences not only through 
dance, but through the com pany's 
costumes, music, choreography, 
rhythm and pride. 

The fact that Lindley doesn't 
play large auditoriums is not be-
cause he is unable to draw a big 
enough crowd, but because he 
relies on his skill, not volume, to 
create an exciting concert. In be-
tween the extremes of harsh and 
muted notes , Lindley explores an 
incredible range of sounds - his 
is not stereotypical, cookie-cutter 
music. 

As o ne musician friend put it, 
"His concerts ca n be a revelation 
in terms of the subtlety of sound 
that can arise from a rock 'n ' roll 
band. II 

Datiid Lindley 

.---------UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES ------__ -.. 
In cooperation \Nlth 

PRESENT 
COOL BANal ,-fLfMJR 

nIII1UA anrs 

February 15, Wednesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Triton Pub, Free! 

TWO FUN WAYS TOWN 

U I (allege [omody faltnt ,<0,," a" c .... '" II youc comp!ll in _d> of riM lu ..... ' colltgc "., 
io Ii1e (0111111)'1 

• Win o 'rip I. Day .... Itod> II perl"", boIo., ,...... 01 ""alioMnt ~ .... I! durint \9<1", 
..... "" 10 L A 10 1M riM I.", of HIO', (omic IoIiof III 

• "",,m Iivo a' riM la-. Comic Ilri, I. Now M! 
• ...... !III 0ffidaI U. S. (OlllGE [OMIDI' l·liIi!II 
< \lip iJ ItIo U.S (OlLIGE (OMIDI' [OMpnlJlOII'" 1I"",!dIooI I ha."...ty,,_ 

I ... H ,..'" .......... <OIIIOdy '-~ Iwtvrt. (EIlI' MinIs aM DOIIIOI ' n..t [ooUoodI ' 
ioIIIf ........ cw,s_youlo_l'I'lIwm .... ___ IIIjor ........ "*" 

WIN A ... COy"", 
CON CBLT AI YOIRI salOOLl 
10 .. "'Ole '"",y CElli ' Mi,I! ~ 0011101 ' Otand lartillo (hip .... 1 

• Win • fRIE (omedy ( ...... a' youc sdIooI I .. ,uri", Jtfl)' 1oM""" 
• W, YOUf enI." ...... 'oc .. UITS · .... '" _ "'" 00.1101 ' blOnd[oaI ...... • 

blOnd ltavoc I",iIIo (flip Mgs and ~ riM"' ...... Offltral U.I. COlUGE [OMIOY Entl)' 
Dis,loVl 

• ,he .mao! collo<l,"I riM mos' WI""" ... ,i 
1ft .... 00..111(1111)1 ~t Itl I ...... ,.., . , ... 'Itt II S (otlfG[ (OMfDl (WWlg IH w 1M.~ .... 
... ,.,. ~r 11001 

DON'TMillm 
_ ....... --.-. 
t'~"""\1 "'"SIItH N[W'IQt(.N'r 10001 JlJ'1t 00t0 

The UCSD Guardian 

Injury 
Continued from pale 10 
like Norm Nixon (a ational 

• Basketball Association playe r) .. .it 
took him over two years to get 
back, and he had the same injury. 
It 's tough to orne back. 

Meier Two years ago one of 
our girls had heel surgery. Usu-
ally , injuries are just pulled mus-
cles, tendonitis, bad sprain . .. ju~t 
overuse. At the profe~sional level 
you get into t he shoulders . .I 
haven't seen too much surgery. 
Intramurals eem to be the place 
where most people get inlured. 

Q: What long-term eflects will 
you experience from your injury? 

Fouts - Right now I don 't 
have arthritis in either of my 
knees, and I don't foresee getti ng 
any arthritis. 1 played 25 yea rs of 
football and retired because I 
thought 1 had had enough. How-
ever, many football players have 
to live with bad knees because 
football wears [the knees] down. 

Winslow - I have arthritis 
already, and anyone who plays 
football , or any other wear and 
tear sport, will get art hritis. For 
the most part, I will live a normal 
life, but I will have arthritis. 

Slijander - In my case, I will 
have a bump on my shoulder for 
the rest of my life. When I fell, the 

See INJUR Y, pace 12 

SPORTS 

PHIL S PRIME PICKS 

By PHIL GRU N 
Sporrs Ediror 
(P"ill ~ CLlrrenr/r 1-7,3/17) 

Campus Newspaper Softball 
Third Field, 2 p.m., Sat, Feb. 11 

Favorite 
KOALA 

Spread 
4 RUNS· 

Underdog 
GUARDIAN 

PHIL'S ANAL YSIS .. . When Seth Slater, our news editor, 
suggested the idea of a softball game with the Koala his intent 
was [0 get the news writers more socially involved . At least that's 
how it all started . Now, at least as far as the Koala is concerned, 
it's turned into a zoo. Late-breaking reports indicate that Koala 
members have been holding team meetings, rigorous daily prac-
tices including frequent trips to the batting cages, and have 
moved their offices to the athletic training facilities. Not only 
that, but they've apparently paid member from som~ of last 
year's top AAA intramural softball teams to play for their squad. 
Viola tions? No chance. The Koala always stays out of trouble. "I 
think it's great that the Koala can be serious about something," 
Slater pointed out during a telephone interview. Oh, 1 almost 
forgot. The Guardian. The Guardian? Funny.y?~ shoul~ ~sk . 
We mightas well not show up, but there's a posslblhty we will Just 
to eat their food and drink their beverages. Obviously, Phil 
requires that you ... 

TAKE THE KOALA 
· ()(f.cl.llinc: rrom (he KOIIM. Hoidina Tod.y'. p,...cdce at Jack ~urphy Sudium. 

Thursday. February 9, 1989 ]] 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ • 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
----------------20% DISCOUNT-With th,s ad • Expires 2/23/69 
'Must be plesented at time of estimate 

Not valid wnh mojo! engine 0< rronsm,r.slon repa'" 

I CALL CALIFORNIA [ 450-94941 !.~ 
- • It You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; It They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5&70 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

..................... 

• • 
:S2 OFF : 
: ANY LARGE PIZZA : ------------------------------------------------~ . . 

:s 1 OFF : Peace Corps salutes 

Black voll.nteers 
teaching and leanling 
in 65 countries around 
the world... ..~~ 

THE LOS ANGELES AREA OFFICE 
OF PEACE CORPS JOINS IN 

THE CELEBRATION OF 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 1989 

For Information about Peace Corps 
service opportunities contact: 

PEACE CORPS 
11000 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 8104 

Los Angeles, CA 90024 
(213) 209-7444 extension 615 

Dlteet or Collect 

• • 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Please FREE • 
• presen t coupon CAMPUS . ' 
• when ordenng DELIVERY • 
• HOURS TO YOUR • 
• Mon-Thu. 113m-MID DOOR . ' 

rri ·Sat. ttam· lam 
• un 11.30.m-MID • 

• • I • 
• • • 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr La Jolla Village Square • 
• 455-0662 • I .................... .. 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
• Early Pregnancy Testing 
• Prcgnanc) lerminalion 
• General or Lucal Anesthesia 
• Afford~hle Birth Control 
• Diagnllsis & Treatment 

uf Sexualh 
Transmitted [)ist'a~l'~ (STlh) 

Call the College Line 
619';35'1379 

for Sludent Oiscount 

Famill Plalilling Associates 
Medic:al Group 

= om .... Throullhuut Southrrn CaUfurnla 



II 

. ' 

Thursday. February 9. 1989 SPORTS 

WORK. SHARE. LIVE. LEARN. 
You can have a summer full of adventure & personal growth 
while improving health for the people of Latin America. 
VOLUNTEER! 

To be an AMIGOS volunteer, write: Amigos de las Americas, 
5618 Star Lane, Houston, Texas 77057. 

Or call: (713) 782-5290 or (800) 231-7796, 
(800) 392-4580 in Texas 
HURRY! Application deadline is 
March I, 1989, afterwards, on a first 
come first serve basis. 

Innovation 

, 0' 
, r 0. ----" ... / r," /9?\ I I \ 

I I r r I 
I I 0 I 
\ \ / 
\ , I 
,r,,' .... .,.../ r,' 

\ --

" R 
... 

Competition 
Win a $5,000· Zenith Computer System. 
We're searching for tomorrow's innovators. 

If you've developed or used software or hardware-that 1s compatible with 
zenith Data Systems products-to creatively address a problem or task in your 
field of study, we want to hear from you. 
You could win a $5,000- zenith Data Systems computer system for yourself, 
$5,000· worth of computer eqUipment for your college campus given in 
your name, and national recognition from your peers. 

For More lDformation ADd OBidal Ralea. 
Call 1-800-553-0301 

OAT 
INTENSIVE CARE 

FOR TEST-TAKERS. 

Get a healthy MCAT score 
by taking a test prep course 
with Stanley H. Kaplan. Our 
educational review and 
test-taking techniques are 
the best in the field . Call! 

JKAPLAN 
STANLEY HUrt AN lDlKAnONAL aNTl'LTD. 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 

(619) 277-6744 

Competition Enu lla.rch 1, 1989. Volcl Where Prohibited. 

~."N l data 
Computer Center 

534-4291 
,...- systems 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

The UCSD Guardian 

Injury 
Continued from page 11 
bone popped up, a nd now it won'L 
ever go back down. The ligaments 
that held the bone down, 1 think 
there were three or four of them, 
are torn. 

Gerlach - The ankle is sup-
posed to be stronger than before, 
when it's compleLely healed, which 
will be in another eight to ten 
months - it will probably be 
longer now that I've been playing 
on it when I shouldn't have been. 
Other than that , I'm fine. Basket-
ball has helped me out, and has 
kept me in great shape. Football 
players, however, have especially 
bad knees. I played in high school 
at wide receiver and could feel 
[my playing] taking its toll . 

Meier - 111 probably have 
sore knees when I'm older. My 
dad plays a lot of tennis and his 
knees and back are going. Shoul-
ders go too ... tennis gets pretty 
much everything ... it includes 
Slopping and starting, and add 
the twisting and turningin serving 
and other strokes. The main thing 
is in terms of my knees and 
ankles. 

Editor's note: The third and 
final portion of this article will be 
concluded in the Monda)' issue of 
the Guardian. 

Universi~ of Wisconsin 
PlaHeville 

+ 

EmphlStS in 
Liberal Am 
Inlernational Business 

Courses availablt in Spanish 
and in En,lish 

Flumcy in Spanish nOI required 
All courses approved by UW ·P(autville 
and validaled on an offICial 
UW·Plaueville Iranscrip! 

13425 pel" ____ for WIoconIlirlI. 
~aJWIdnl •. 
$3675 pel" ____ for non-........... 

COstS indudt 
Tuilion and Fers 
Room and Board with Spanish familitl 
FiddtripI 
All financial aids apply 

For fu"htr information contact 
Study Abra-d Pro,raml 
lOt Wuner Hall 
Univmity of Wisconsin·Plat1tvillt 
I Univrrsity PIau 
Platttville, WI lllll·)099 
(608) 342·1726 

___ C_. _L_A_~~t! lED S 
~I 
Credit lor Your Old Tesls

' 
We PICk Up' Hyper-

learning. an Innovative lu10liai program In La 
Jolla Village (lust soulh 01 UCSD). IS paying 
$1 / class (up 10 $1 O/sludenl) lor old lesls, syl' 
labl. and course /sechon handouts 101 all Malh. 
PhYSICS. Chem and B,o classes We believe a 
Public Tesl Bank / Handouts File IS the only fall 
way to ellminale Ihe selective advantage 01 the 
old test underground. and Improve the genelal 
quality at supplements available In Ihese 
classes "you need 10 keep your ollg.nals. we 
Will accept phDlocopies All student wilting Will 
be eliminated 110m our lile cop,es Tesls and 
handouts 110m Ihe last lour years are partlcu, 
larly desored Just call 546·8273 and leave a 
message We'II get back 10 you and arrange a 
convenienl pock up time Thanks

' 
(3 / 6) 

Television Academy of Arts and Sciences 
oHers summer Internships 10 24 internshIps In 
areas ranging trom advert,slng, mUSIC 10 Video· 
lape post production There IS an early deadline. 
This IS a very competitive internship! Come by 
ASIO (above gameroom. Siudeni Cenler) or 
call 534·4689. (2/9) 

NCR offers summer Inlernshlps In englneenng 
and com puler sCience This IS a very compell' 
live Inlernship and Ihere is an early deadline 
(end 01 61h week). Inquire al ASIO (Iocaled 
above gameroom) (2/9) 

Don'l miss Third College's Annual Semilormal 
dance!! Monle Carlo Night With dancing and 
casonogameswill be held on Feb 11 (Sat) from 
9 p.m.-1 a.m al the Sea World Pavilion All 
UCSD and guests welcome Gel IIckels al Thild 
Dllice 01 Res Llle. below Oceanview Restau· 
rant Prices are $12.00 each w / Third College 
Activity Card. or $1 5.00 w/out. Singles encour· 
aged to anend!! Sponsored by Third College 
Dean and R.H.C.(2 /9) 

Pi Kappa Phi presents: 'Love in a limo" Valen-
line's Day Raffle. Tickels on sale Feb 8· t4 on 
Revelle Plaza at noon, Only 50¢. Winners 10 be 
announced on Plaza on Feb. 14. (2/9) 

Fifth Resident AdVisor appllcallons nowavalla-
ble! Pick up relerral at Career Sel vices Dead-
line 2/23/89. 534-2261. (219) 

Acting audillons now being scheduled lor molion 
picture project Call Sue Ann Smith al 755·2669 
for further delails. (2/9) 

Opportunilles in the United Kingdom: Come 10 a 
special inlormation session to learn how you 
might sludy. work. or Iravel abroad in the u.K.. 
lor a summer. one or two quarters. or a year. 
Thursday. February 9 at 1:30 p.m. in the Interna· 
IIonal Center Conlerence Room, Sponsored by 
Ihe Opportunilles Abroad Office. (2/9) 

Calc giving you a hard lime? Gllnd II oul. With 
some serious help! The Hyperlearning lulorials • 
lor Malh I A,B.C and 2A.B,C.DA and f.A have 
seals available. Mid-quarter reg le~s $75 lor Ihe 
rest of quarter. Nexi to Elephant Bar. In SUite 
1132. La Jolla Viii Prof. CII. Malh 2EA.2DA.2B. 
and 1 C meel M.T.W. and Th respectively. 4.10 
to 5:40 pm. Malh 1 A.2A.l B. and 2C also meet 
M.T.W. and Th respectively 6:10 10 7:40 p.m 
Free refreshments.(2/9) 

SKI THE HOLEIJ! Your Radically Inclined Ski 
Oub IS gOing to Jackson Hole for Sprong Break. 
(Mar.25-Apr.lsl) For only $375 Irip includes 
Iransport'ation (party bus). lodging (ski in ski 
out). lift lix. parties galore! They already have to 
foot base. Any quesllons call RISC office X4482 
or St9P by office 11-2 Monday· Thursday, Or call 
Paut or Tony aI558-0SKI. On Sale Now!!!(2/13) 

50'slValenllne's dance on Friday! Slarts at 8 
pm. at International Cenler. Dress "fifties"! Fea· 
tures fifties AND modern music; food. drinks $3 
althe door.(2/9) 

Warren's Commuler BIG B,unch Midterm Blow-
out! Monday February 13. 10-t p.m. Interna-
tional Center dining room SI "all you can eal

'
" 

Sponsored by Warren Commuler Board and 
Commuter Inlern.(2/9) 

Leclure Monday Night: "The Latino Siudeni 
Experience:' wllh a UCSD staff member and 
members 01 Latino sludenl organizahons 
speaking. Stans al 6 45 al the UCSD Inlerna-
lional Cenler.(2/ 1 3) 

. . . and get the 
~tN«.4t 

price for your 
contact lens 

replacements 
7k~et 

~e«4 S6vu, 
CAL l 
944'()903 

PO BOX 
2724 

LeUCadia, CA 
92024 

Cookie bouquels lor Valenllno's Dayl Whal a 
sweel Idea Free campus delivery Sweel Arran 
gemenls 546-0440 (2/9) 

Desperalely seeking 2 male UCSD SludenlS 
who helped me oul 01 Volvo on I /14 Conlact 
Jim Blown at 238·08t5(2 / 9) 

Campus Crusade lor Chnst. weekly meellng 
-"Personal Mlnoslry Developmenl" - Thuls, 
day, 7 pm .. LingUistics. rm 1111 (Luke 
t910)(2/ 13) 

Surf Club meellng MCC 125 Thursday 2/9. 
700 pm. Find oul aboullhls Salurday's ladder 
COnlesl (2/9) 

PASSPORT PICTURES' New at Cal Copy Only 
$5.95 While you wall. Xeroxes and mor" Near 
St. Germalns 452·9949. (3/13) 

Word Processing: laser prinlel goves Iypesel· 
quality papers 51 .50/ dbl spc. page. Rush lobs 
available. Free pickup and delivery Craig 452· 
6934. (4/3) 

Olga Ball Eleclrologlst 1200 10 1500 haors per 
hoUi. 325t Hollday·Court. SUI Ie 203A. (6t9) 
558·4644. (6t9) 226·1962). (2/13) 

TYPING - Term. Theses. Ph.D.s. Legal. All 
'ormals Rush jobs. MARIE - 931 ·9596. (3/ 13) 

We Inslall your aulo slereo and speaker sys-
tems allhe lowesl rales In Ihe counly Over 20 
years experience. Performance AulO Sound 
744· 7026.(3/13) 

Word Processing - IBM w /laser p"nler Stu· 
denl Papers and Resumes Reasonable Input! 
Oulput 530-0470(3/13) 

Rent·to-own compulers from $65 / mo. IBM 
compat. "Iree slart·up and Iraining software" 
Angel Compulers. 296·8000 (2 / t 6) 

Tutoring - Malh. Physics. Chemistry. Compu-
ters. Engineenng Call Mark 22t -7 t 76 (2/9) 

Word Processing. Student Rales. 7 days a 
week, Excellenl English Skills. 755·2683(4 / 6) 

TYPING / WORD PROCESSING with Lasel 
Pllnting Low cost lelm papers.lheses. resumes. 
Fast' NADINE 578·0496. (3/13) 

Free Electrolysis. Permanent hair removal. 15 
mlnules free With Ihe purchase of 15 minutes . 
New clients only. 279·8033. EleclrOlysls Siudio 
t 31. 5858 MI. Alifan Dr. N131 Ousl off Balboa 
Ave.).(2I9) 

Word Processing Services Excellenl Quality. 
Reasonable Rates. Call 566·9096 (evenings) 
(2/t3) 

Malure Student to share greal 3 bed/2 balh. 
Cardiff house. $255 plus 1/3.632·7846. (2/9) 

Femate Roommate wanted. Shale masler bed· 
room w/bath Deluxe brand new condo. Gar· 
age. laundry. pool. jaeuUl. lennis. microwave. 
cable. kitten. $330 mo. plus t /4 utilities. Now 
through August. or longer, 259·7153.(2/t 6) 
Sunny. Exira-large 1 bedroom. fireplace. gar· 
age. washer/dryer. pOOl. jacuzzi. garden. 
BOO/mo. 535-9355. (2113) 

Pacific Beach: Gorgeous new lawn home. 2 
story. 3 brm. 3 tull balhs, garage. patio, sundeck, 
and flleplace. Close 10 Ireeway. bay. and beach

' Available Immedlalely $12oo/ mo. 2119 Fels· 
par. 272·43t 4 leave message. (2/9) 
Roommale wanted: Fm. nonsmoker. S245/mo .. 
furnished. Near Vons and 34A bus. Call 546-
1942 (2/21) 

Male/Female No drugs /smoking/pets. Single 
occupancy. $3SO and $275. 1 /3 ulilities. Ameni· 
ties! 566·6423 (2/16) 

Don't Let 
Academic Hassles 
Ruin You, Life! 

Come to the Student Ad.outt 
Office for help with : 
• GRADE APPEALS 
• FINANCIAL AID 
• DISCRIMINATION 
• HARASSMENT 
• HO USING 
• STUDENT RIGHTS 

Tht Student Ad.oute con aerively 
reprtse/ll your cose to the 
University! Or, just come in for 
some good effutil'f advice about 
Ihese and many other problems. 

Our office is upstai" 31 the 
Student Center daily office hours 
are availabte . Or call u al : 
534-4450. We're there to help! 

TernflC apartment complexl Amenities Include 
a pOOl. JacuZZI. weight loom. sauna. and laundry 
room Need room male Available ,mmedlalely 
$290 renl , 1/ 2 utllilies Call after 5 pm M-F. 
and anYlime on weekends 455· 1954 (2/ 9) 

(Single loom) roommale wanled for spflng quar· 
ler - 4 bed / 2 balh. large liVing room and large 
kitchen. UTC area 275/mo plus 1/ 4 ulll,lles 
Non smoker please Call 452·6552 (2 / 16) 

REWARD - Blue and Purple Patagonia lacket 
Brand new and of greal senUmenlai value I've 
Ifled losl and found lor lIoeeks wilhoul luck so 
how aboul a 550 reward DaVid 558 7070 (2/9) 

LOST CB Sport Ski Jackel. Black w IIwo blue 
silipeson back It was lelt InChem Lab2124 on 
Th , 1/ 27 If found, please call Ellc. 558·8900 
Reward. no questions asked. (2/9) 

FOUND One pall Nlke All running shoes (red) 
Claim now 459· 1215(2/ 9) 

LOST: Necklace With locket on ThLlsday. Feb. 
2 around 1 pm. on MUIr College Greal senti-
mental value. I JUSI wan! II back. Large reward. 
Lesley 558·1093 (2 / 13) 

If you're Ihe blonde girllhal took my volleyball a 
couple monlhs ago allhe MUll apartments, leel 
Iree to relurn It . N·4. Graelas.(3/ 13) 

Creallve. energetic student needed 10 assist 
With .home therapy program for our speCial 
needs 2 year old boy. ReXibie hours. Call 481 -
7996 for further inlormalion.(2/13) 
Blanch managemenl positions available in your 
hamel own durong the summer. Earn $6· t 5,000 
and gain valuable business experience No 
investment Act now! Call Student Painters for 
more Inlormallon at 1·800-426-6441. (3/ 13) 

Buslness· lo·business computel renlal rep 
$20.000·$30.000 Ross 296·8000.(219) 

Keyboaldisl wants 10 lam for lun. We'II put orogi-
nalstogelher. No covers DaVid 592-9690.(2 / 9) 

Graduate Siudenls Needed: to participate In a 
UCSD Medical Center study on information 
processing. Particlpanls will be paid. Please 
contacl Melissa a1543·5510 lor further inlorma-
lion and an appointment.(2 / 23) 

Enhance your resume and your bank accounl' 
. Gain valuable communication expellence 
working lor the UCSD Telefund Campaogn. Earn 
$5-$10 per hour contaCling alumni. Flexible 
evening and daytime hours in our on·campus 
ottice. Call 587 ·158910r more informalion. (2/9) 

Marketing & Management. Part time For $30.'"' 
per hour For interview call 587 ·2184 (2/ 9) 

Secretary I Law Clerk - Good Iyping skills. flex-
Ible hours. No experience necessary. 54.SO/hr. 
La Jolla Shores. 459·0032. (2/21) 

Spanrsh BUSiness Growing Need conlacls In 
major cilies in Spain. Mulually $$ benefiCial. Call 
753-2827. (2/16) 
$Software Assoclales. Alech Software. a leader 
In software developmenl for the home/ office. IS 
searching for students with PC, MS/ DOS & 
applicalions software experience. Convenient 
Cartsbad location Wllh fleXible hours. $7 /hr 
Software ASSOCiates. S5 / hr Software Testers. 
Call Barb Dreyer. 438·5004. (2/13) 

Taking PhYSICS 2A and need study buddies? 
Plepare lor qUizzes and Ihe IInai wrth a small 
group. " Inlerested. call 270-1936 and aSk for 
Roark.(31 t 3) 

Drovers needed 10 deliver cookie bouquels on 
Tuesday. Feb. 14. Good salary Sweet Arran-
gements 546-0440 (2/9) 

Energetic people to work at local nigl1l club. 
Gleat money. fun I MUSI be 21. 297 ·4850,(2/21 ) 

'-.".'. - in Ih" olley in P.B. ,-
FUTONS; FRAMES 
+WAY LOUNGII. a .- PUTON 
Twin 1111 t5 o.-n 1139.65 
Full It28.25 King 1209.00 

I'UTONS I=-T""n6' _: S"_ 
Full 6' 17S: S· ... r....,su Fu._ 
0.-> 6' 1ft: S· U .. o.->SU 
t<Ing 6- 11 ' .. S' IUO It<Ing IUO 

STORIHOURS 
Thurs. 2·8pm; Fri. 12·5pm 
Sat. 100Spm; Sun. 1I·3pm 

Moft.·v.d ...... _ 
z .... ,.or ".701' 

M CARRY INWNTORY. 
PriCes subject to change. 

'PaciflC Beach · 967 A Beryl Sl. 
In aHoy between Low and Beryl. wesl all 
Cou. From Garnet Ave. 1urn nonh on 

CassSt. 90 7 bloc ks 10 Beryl. 

Housecleaner. 3 days per week Must have own 
car 56 SO pel hour Gall 578-3259 (2/9) 

MaCintosh 800K dlive. used tw'ce. $220 IBM 
Tecmar graphiCS card. barely used. $350 Or 
besl 275·2045 (2/9) 

1988 Bianchi Sport·SX men's 21 " toullng bike 
Red All Sh,mano Exage components Perfect 
condition $300 obo Call June at 558·8991 
(2/16) 

1976 Chel'Y Nova New brakes. lunswell. teha-
ble $500 obo Call 558·8679 (2/9) 

Aorllne Tickets, Round Tnp - San Diego to San 
.Jose Leaves SD Feb. 16 al 4 45 pm and 
arrives back on Feb 20 at 645 pm $90 a b.O 
Call 558·9221.(2/t 3) 

Scooler Scooler Scooler Scooter Yamaha tOO 
Runs Perlecl 14K miles Gold $450. Nathan 
455·8299 (2 / 9) 

Maltress and Box Spflng. IWIn. exira form. like 
new. $100 454·5439. message (2/ 13) 

SKI THE HDLE'" Your Radically Inclined Ski 
Club IS gOing 10 Jackson Hole lor Spllng Break. 
(Mar.25-Apr 1 sl) For only $375 trip includes 
Iransportatlon (party bus). lOdging (ski In. ski 
out). 11ft tix. parties galorel They alleady have 1 0 
fOOl base. Any questions call RISC office X4482 
or stop by office t 1·2 Monday· Thursday. Or call 
Paul or Tony 558·0SKI On Sale Nowlll (2 / 13) 

1985 Honda Passport Scooler. Red / While. 
Custom-sheepskin sealcover. locked box on 
rear Shoe, helmet and Kryplonlte lock Included. 
55 mph. low mileage Will part wllh for 5500. 
Great deal. Call Kim Clark al 558·2404. Leave 
message.(2 / 9) 
FOR SALE: Bela VCR only $100-
233·83t 3 or 679·8260 (3/ 9) 

Donlng room sel. goad condition. beautiful wood. 
Soze 38' up 10 94' (wltn matchong wood Inserts). 
Only S275 00 or best. Call Phil al 233·8313 or 
679·8260. (3/9) 

1986 Honda Inlerceptor 500. Excellenl condi-
lion. Runs perfect. New MelZeler Tires. Ferodos. 
Looks great. Still under warranty. $1 .800. Leave 
message at 558-6476.(3/6) 

Yamaha 85 CASO scooter. red. reliable. large 
. baskellor groceries. etc Garaged since 1/ 88. 
low miles. 52SO obo. Steve 453·1525.(2/9) 

MaCintosh Ram plus Hard Disk, In stock. Best 
Prices on Campus. t 0-50% less than Book· 
slore. Mark 558·8763.(2/9) 

Unlvega 12-speed bicycle $60. Great for get-
ting around campus. Steven. 558-8354. (2/ 9) 

Hey UCSD LACROSSE MEN I Goad luck al 
OcCidental College on SaIUrday. We'II be root· 
Ing lor yoU!' The Lacrosse Boosters (2 / 9) 

SIgma Pi - AOPi can'l wail 10 meet you - and 
get to know you - Friday night! (2/ 9) 

S.S, - Salurday night was Ihe best! Thanks. -
A.D (2/9) 

Hungry? Are you goong to Warren 's Commuter 
BIG Brunch Midterm Blowoul Monday Feb. 13. 
to a.m - 1 pm" InternallOnai Center dining 
room? $1 "all you can eat." See you there! 

To usa (VA122D). your brlghl eyes and cheery 
smile are whal make a pelSon'S day shone. -
Happy Valentines Ir. an admirer (2/13) 

Many thanks 10 UCSD for making us feel wel-
come! The sislers of Tri·Delta. (2/9) 

Hey Delta Tau Dena - We had a bias! Salurday 
night! - The SIsters 01 TII·Delta. (2/9) 

Thursduy. February 9. 1989 13 

Fat Blocker. Cheater's Delight. Eallhe toad you 
love and stili lose we'ght' 100% guaranleed 
Lisa 565·7906 Block Ihat fal no"'(2 / 13) 

WANTED. 49 People We'll pay you 10 lose up 10 
25 Ibs In the next 30 daysl 01 Recommended 
100% natural. t 00% Guaranleed Call Kalle 
565·8696 (2/27) 

V.sual . phYSical dare we say sensual - CLUB 
PEPPER. definitely essential . (2 / 9) 

URGENT. Women Ihal Witnessed beallng at RIO 
Rrlos Fllday - He broke my nose laler Fnday 
Need wllnesses for court. Please call Need 
your help Anyone who saw Please

' 
Kelly 

569· 1771 (2 /9) 

P, Kappa Phi Presents "Love in a Limo" Valen· 
hne's Day Raffle Tickets on sale Feb. 8-14 on 
Revelle Ptaza at noon. Only 50¢. Winners 10 be 
announced on Plaza on Feb. 14 (2/9) 

Who IS John Gall? Leave message al HUL 
corculallon desk for Dale. - Hank Reardon. 
(2/9) 

Ski Ihe hole" Your radically inclined ski club is 
going 10 Jackson Hole for Spring Break. (Mal. 
25 · Apr 1 st) For only S375111P includes Irans· 
portallon (party bus), lodging (ski In ski out). lift 
lix. parties galorel! They already have a 10 foot 
base Any questions call RISC office x4482 or 
stop by office 11 ·2 Monday· Thursday. Or call 
Paul or Tony 558·0SK!. On Sale Nowll (2/13) 

SAE - The Wild wesl Will never be the same 
aner Fliday night - Defta Gamma. (2 / 9) 
Visual . physical. dare we say sensual - CLUB 
PEPPER. definitely essential. Do Ihe Wild Thing 
- lOp m till someone sings. Sal. 2 / t 1. Pepper 
Canyon Lodge CLUB PEPPER - dancing on 
Ihe one. (2 / 9) 
Neo Randian' At lasl. a smart Iriend. We musl 
talk on same wavelength. (2/9) 

------

KKG. Ihanks for making Savory Sweels such a 
• success. We loved meeling you! Love. AOPi. 

(2/9) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Nerd not be expensive 
SJncia/ CO//tlt 

Studtnt Prolr"m 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 Camino 
D~I Rio Nor,h 

#315 

SSO Mono ~SO 
Have you had 

mononucleosis within 
the last month? If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contribution to 
the medical industry. and 
earn you 550 at the same 

time. For additional 
details call Ms, Vawter at 

Essential Biologics. 
226-1733. 

250/0 OFF 
Laser Prints 
Save on LaserWritere prints now 
through -.3-15-89 _ with this 
coupon. Limit one coupon per 
customer. 

kinko·s· 
open 24 hours 

457-3775 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 1.------------.1 

, 

... 

.. 

... 



14 

.' 

Thursday, February 9, /989 

Fisher, Ross light up the Superstar, 
Well, folks It s over for another 

ear You know That Superstars thing 
ey run every year down at the 1M 

Department And frankty. they oughta 
hang that baby up forever I mean 
after last weekend 's record· splitting 
resulls. who would ever want to try It 
again? I mean, reallyl 

The numbers that got rung up were 
Incredible And right where everyone 
pictured them, at the head of the 
class, were JJ Fisher and Linda Ross 
Now these two youngsters know how 
to play sports 

Thai was prelly much eVident last 
Sunday as Fisher and Ross, a couple 
of very QUiet. unassuming athletiC ' 
oriented dynamos ran away and hid 
from the field In the 14th UCSD 
Superstars All· Sports Compelilion 

Running away and hiding was only 
half of It. believe me These two Just 
plain dominated from the opening 
gun In the 60·yard dash, all the way 
through the grueling, weather· plagued 
four·day event that finished With a 
one· mile run In the biller cold of an 
arCIiC Sunday afternoon 

The overall champion was Flshe~ 

With a phenomenal 6501 pOint total 
that goes begging for CritiCism Let's 
face It, th iS guy can do It all HIs two 
throwaway scores (In the best 8 of 1 0 
event competition) were 600+ scores 
In sWimming and field goal kicking 
that most others In the competltton 
would have killed for 

And then there s Ross, who had 
qUite a weekend herself Her 6487 
total pushed Fisher to the limit and 
was a huge 584, polnt Improvement 
over last years record· seiling WO° 
mens total 

To show you how close she came 
to being the first women's overall 
champion In Superstars history, lust 
conSider that one more free throw In 
the basketbdll shooting event would 
have given her the necessary t 5 
POints needed to Win It all But she 
dldnt. and that's Superstars There's 
always next year 

And that's the scary part Both 
Fisher and Ross Will probably be 
back for more next year, and believe 
It or not, thEY stili have more potential 
In some of the events 

After watching them thiS year that s 

hard to believe. Fisher established 
two new Individual event marks With a 
375-lb bench press and a 314-ft 
laser beam throw In the softball 
thrOWing event Ross maxed out the 
1000' polnt tables In three events·· 
welg Iftlng (175-lbs), field goal kick· 
Ing (5-for-5/1 07 total yds ), and bas· 
ketball shooting With 40 POints In a 
one· minute time trial 

When everything was over said, 
and done with. Fisher had become 
the fourth two· tlme champion In the 
event (tle also won as a sophomore), 
the new c areer Superstars pOint 
recordholder (24, 456), and the class 
recordholder for seniors, JUniors and 
sophomores 

Ross had eclipsed every prevIous 
mark In the book, man or woman, With 
her 6487 total and seemed perfectly 
content WIth her second·placefintsh when 
we saw her the next day 

Content baloney'We'li be hear· 
Ing from Linda about Ihls time next 
year and I have a feehng that second 
place Will not be qUite good enoughl 

rr.-..--.. 
----------------------------------~ ~------~ BASKETBALL 
MID-SEASON 

REPORT 
ThiS has been one of the most 

competrtlve seasons In recent memory 
The NFL has partty, and so does 
UCSD Intramural Basketball As we 
sWing Into the final three weeks of play 
most of the league titles are stili up for 
grabs It s time to get sertous and 
make those final adJustments to fine 
tune your team for a run at the title 
Here IS a took at each diVISion to date 
With an eye on the upcoming games 
that may make or break a season 

The talent In Men', AlIA has been 
spread evenly over several contend· 
Ing teams Courtslde observers fell 
that the Wednesday night Pistons 
league was much tougher than the 
Sunday Lakers league, but as the sea· 
son has progressed the difference 
between the Iwo has started to fade 
The top·ranked Pub lic Enemy from 
the Pistons league has a great comb" 
nallon of speed and Slle Up front lhey 
go 66 and 200+ across the board 
and don t get any smaller when Ihey 
go to the bench In the backcourt Ihey 
have one of the best pOint guards ,n 
ne game In Ryan Tsunoda and alsu 

feature shooters Ray OUintana and 
ChrtS Shen Thel' compelttlon 'or the 
eague title shoulO come rorT' n 

V8F'S Andy WagsTaff haS as!.emble(J 
probably tne most talented tea I 1['1 
1M S tlul tfley are haVing trouOle pia" 
''1g together If they can "on out tnt. 
'ough spots they coul(J be awesome 
Pubhc Enemy and VBF s w,lI meel 
wflat should be Ihe game of the year 
In Wednesday Feb 22 Netter,AIIlrm-

alive Action, a nd Dell Gun. Will bat 
tie for the 3rd and 4th playoff SPOts In 
The Pistons league 

In the LaKerS Ledgue Icemen looKs 
to be the cream olthe crop At 4 0 they 
are alone atop the standings The 
knock against Dan Mulvllie s crew IS 
that they don t playas a team If Dan 
can keep all the role players happy 
while Tim Rapp (who steped up 10 
Intra murals for thiS season) runs the 
show they could figure In the cham 
plonshlp game Others In the Lakers 
League who have shown flashes of 
greatness Include Ral.,. "" , Super. wo". and Penetrate and Shoot. 
One of Ihese could prOVide a formid-
able opponent In the playoffs The Clip-

~ Go AlIA has established new 
records In futility The" average mar· 
gin of loss IS 79 pOints, but they are 
leading 1M 's In 3, polnt shoohng With 
an average of 42 attempts a game 
(unfortunately they are only shooting 
3% from the field ) 

In Ihe Men'. M diVISion we see a 
Wide diverSIty of style Several teams 
employ the up· tempo full·tIIt style that 
has become popular In the NCAA, 
while others are winning With a more 
panerned structure I.aIt Chance For 
The Or.am has gone through some 
personnel changes from last year but 
remains the top pOint scorer In AA With 
310 At thiS pOint In the season they 
are the BudMan's chOice to finally get 
the monkey off their back and Win It all 
thiS year Shott lui Slow and Rim Rld-
er. are both undefeated ,n the Hawks 
league but are not blOWing anyone out, 
winning games by an average of 7 and 
9 pOints respectively (they meet,pos, 
slbly for the league title, on March 7) 
Stay Out Of Our Houle IS leading the 
Rockets league but Dinner I, Served 
and EatIng Raoul are not far behind 
Look for House to be there on Cham· 
plonshlp Sunday We Come Half 
Cock8cl has a big reputallon for chok· 
Ing In the big game and yes they 
Will do Just that again thiS year The 
Wolf Pock. Dunk Doc, and Just Ice 
are In the most compelttlve league 
which should be a real help for them 

'come playoff lime One or more of 
thOse teams should make It to the 
seml·f,nals Aor De Mlchoacan II , 
Hookah., Masons, No t On Cell and 
Marsha Brady'. Douche are long 
Shots Ihat have a cha'lce at dOing 
some damage In the playoffs 

Men', A ,~ a g,ant crap snoot There 
a'e 72 team "y,ng for he It Ie thiS 
,ear Of tr,o:.e 72 prObably 36 could 
be In l(Jere(l legltJ'Tlale conI enders 

~n 'r' Irur r r "gtlt r w nas got to be 
Old, Decrepit a Slow. They are Out 
navt ,anaged I gel the JOb 01 IN, 
Their _"Impelillonf flh' C Ipp(:rslcagutl 
"lie ShOuld come fru T' Elder, ReYenge 
who IS even older and Slower Thl'loss 
of ,nsplratlonalleader Don Elder 10 I,R 
may take these genatrlcs out of con, 
lent,on but that remains to be seen 
W,lh a stunning overtime upset ViCtOry 
on Tuesday Crap Checld has vaulled 
onto Ih scene as a self proclaimed 
torce not to be taken lightly Piling up a 
ton of pOints (294) en route to a 5·0 
record the s.oul Bros have e ,tab· 
hshed themselves as a powerhouse In 
the Spurs league l BGNAF and We 've 
Got YO Will hook up In what IS sure to 
be a messy affair on Feb 13 to deCide 
the top spot In Ihe Suns league Four 
Score and Back Ally Gerbal, ar 
both undefeated thus far. but have not 
been chall nged yet Roll the dice In 
thiS diVISion 10 come up With a cham 
pion because even thiS lale In Ihe sea-
son 59 teams stili have a mathemali 
cal chance 10 get Into the playoffs and 
then, who knows? 

~~Your.foce has had a strano 
gle hold for several years In the 5' 10# 
diVISion and has showed no signs of 
letting 00 They are c rushing oppo· 

at r 

nents and It appean t"eY may have no 
equal at thiS lell!!!, If they are to be 
challenged It wiil come from The 
Legion 01 Doom, GrMn Giants or 
Come, Shoot a Drtbble. Doom and 
SUShi were slated to play In January, 
but were unable to play They'll meet 
thiS month to deCide the Nuggets 
league championship These top teams 
should prOVide an exciting final four In 
thiS diVISion 

The Women', diVISion has show· 
cased some of UCSD s finest female 
talents Two teams appear to be at the 
head·of·the·class Pumphoule Gong 
II and Volleyball Is Just A Hobby 
have stepped out of the pack to be 
come the elite In thiS diVISion Pump 
house IS the defending champ and 
they claim to be hungry enough to win 
It again thiS year Volleyball was Ihere 
at the end last year and IS loaded wllh 
great volleyball talent but can they 
transition 10 the basketball court? 
Neither leam has been pushed and 
probably wont unltl hel meet each 
other on Wednesday Feb t 5 (8 t 5 
pm) We Suck and Hoopla are hall· 
Ing successfu ~easons but might be 
outda' .~d by Ihl 1"'0 favo Ite!> 

Yn ... gc a yflnd two different S rat· 
egle' In Coed basKetoall Teams Will 
ell her featu'f tup female taJent or the 
mal£! player ~ wilt do mos of Ihe scor· 
Ing but II IS 'are when both are 01 
All· League caliber Thl!> 5eason hnds 
several Qut!>tandlng learn!> that have 
successfully cOrllbtned talented male 
and femall' plaYl'r· ObnoxlouslHat· 
Ing Disciple. na'. some very talentpd 
gals. but lately the guys have been 
generating most of Ihe scoring They 
Will n ed to generate a more balanced 
attack to be 5uccessfulln the playoffs 
Superwales and I'Ionldon also has a 
lalented roster wllh Slacy Sasaki In 
.hargp of the paint and John Davey 

ilnd Joe L,u casting off from oulslde 
A-1 Hocksler. square off With Obno~ 
10US thiS Sunday at 2 pm and they 
could eaSily upset the # 1 team OUln, 
tana s crew has the best balance In 
coed and has 10 be conSidered one of 
lhe faVOrites for the championship 
One team that figured on paper to 
have a balanced aHack has turned 
Into a one· person show and that s 
Roche', Crew. ThiS team f atures the 
best female athlete to ever enroll at 
UCSD Linda Ross (see Superstars 
section) has the highest scortng aver 
age In the I M s at 42 per game and 
has the Crew flYing high Look for 
Linda & Co to be there on Champion 
Ship Sunday 

UCSD 'P!rsta,s '89 
TOP INDIVIDUAL FINISHERS 

I ,m AnD'. 
" Bllan HI,i!rt\fn, 
5 GI 'In C'." .... fl:I 
6 Ca'OIyn HolI",." 
1 ~<n s.r'f'Ip~on 
8 "'ev,I"I G.-IO.rd 
9 JOhn Wooo 
10 ~a"HI}Uf"t 
11 t.4~lll."'p,,-'t'I 
12 N (il~IU 
Ij Ool.tg Anot.'f1 
\4 Sna'on ". 
151 0." MuI~ .e 
16 R •• 'ldV Ih t!bb 
1 t T ~"E' p .. ~. 
18 Suu" C"r'Il', 
I Marl 8',l1f>fllon 
~ Jenn·I( .. PM! ,.~ ... 
21 (l n ""11.'.'" 'l~ 8"iI(\ Sltl' It'f 
2l S' .... n 5.d",_ 
24 EorNIL~· 
]" 0'"001'1 r .t!IO 
lD Ca"l'\ (',t",I':>f11 
27 Roge' F "'I("!> 
18 A~dma~,' V T Jt n 

6~1 W&<ghlhl',"g tl1~ Ibl I 
"." fltld Goall {5 101 ~ 101, 
be!>. F ,fld GOIII 15 I,>, r. 2001 
"":'6 WI';"!!·'" ng ,300 Illi I !)'" ~".Ru"(4~71 

~f,(H f ,~Ia GCla.'~ 1~!Of!t 1001 
"M5 60 Yo 0.,,, j6 8~1 
!t619 SoUDftll H,I )( 5 11015 h t 
~ 464 Snllb.1t T"'O'-'II'IU 'Htl 
5 \85 .0 I," 125 !OJ 
:r,J7\} r,o "N tL~ HI 
!)J64 ~·.tI Hun 16 101 
5J1O f,etc Goa, 15 lOt !) 165, 
SNO 8.n~l'tb" (20?? 41 S PIs, 

~~"ti s...t'OI' ''''')''''121~ tl 
~n7 SO j·t'flI15 {,til 
5110 ~"H{17 751 
Silt ~,tRuni$ 6) 

~4q 'i,qh .twnp /6 J ., 
.abQl H~"'Jum~~48 
4 ht- ~1 .. R .... nl!».)nl 
"gl!> Set1lb. H,I X ~ 19'8 II 
.am 5t;11DaI Jhr(''N 1;048 II' 
4SS!) lhe,OO'llht'ong nolo 'OS) 
-IBOI ..... t'O"'I,"ong (J'}I ' $1 
.. .,,,!j !>O ,,~ 126 111 
J919 Wthgtlll.!I,ng,,'Q:D<; ' 
168" w"OnulI'nQ I I'!t ·bl. I 

TOTAL Ml •• l •• 
1MpWe ."(,, 114 III IfI'lo"'t A, $ 

I 'flo. Plt'y, ("UI ~ P('I'Pit" 
"',loJat''jI A"C/CA Rot'lOlns B lI.,m 

1 I jb I C"re'r SO I\OW Bhl" f~" 

UCS(J Superstars '89 

Records fall in bunches 
Either the moon was aligned Just perfectly In the universe thiS past 

weekend, or UCSD student· athletes are ttred of their academlcs·only 
Image In the world 

In reality both Wpr'l and are probably true, Based on results from the 
Superstars competition, athletiC achievement was Indeed a very cool 
and "In" thing thiS past weekend, 

In an event that turns over new records on the average of 2 or 3 per 
year, Superstars '89 left all prevIous years in stardust With an amazing 
10 new records-seven of them coming In IndiVidual events 

And It wasn't iust the JJ and Linda show as you might expect There 
were plenty of other super athletes out there thiS past weekend 
plugging away at those ugly pOint tables. and vOilal - a bunch of them 
came through With some amazing performances Here's a recap, 
Alamaworl Young Tobin ... thiS powerfully bUilt Nigerian exchange 
student did what comes natural to someone of hiS size and bUild He 
benched the whole rack (375 Ibs )In the welghtllft lng event and had 
more to give We Just didn 't have enough extra weight for '-obln Thank 
goodness, he might have made the eXisting pOint tables look like a 
loke 
Tim Andre ... little Tim IS heir apparent to the Superstars title If Fisher 
and Ross ever graduate from thiS place Right now he's marking hiS 
lime paliently till hiS day In Ihe sun. The third place finisher overa ll 
(6054) had a career day In the field goal kicking event With a perfect 
5-for-5 from 40 yards out (200 total yds .) Tim's 1000 POints In the 
event broke Ihe old record by 125 
Carin Crawford/ Terrie Pleva .. . after watching the women's 50·yd 
freestyle sWimming record (28,10 by Linda Buchanon) survive for 13 
years, the tM Superstars staff was beginning to believe thiS was some 
kind of mystical mark But then Carne and Teme came along last 
Friday evening to put some new teeth Into the 50·free record Carin 
won the event In an excellent 26.77 With Teme right behind In 27 75 
BOlh picked up 900+ POints for thetr efforts 
Matt laldefston • .. thiS sophomore rugby player wasn 't haVing the 
grealest of compelilions unlil Sunday's high Jump event showed up on 
the schedule But when It did, he took full advantage of the opportunity 
After almost missing three limes at 5-10, Matt cleared 6-0, 6-2 and 
6.3

"
, on hiS first aHempts to establish a new Superstars record for the 

event 

Back L·R: Glenn Ohno, John Lynch. 8rlan Wasserman. Front: Eric Neyman. 
Laurie Vlmlnlkl. 

SMOKE A BOWL 
ongratulations to this week' Bud Team. 

These guy a nd gi rl are the elite of our 1M top-
ranked bowler . T ho ugh thei r record was a mere 
3-9 going into this we kend ' action, MOKE A 
BOWL (Hey, I better not see Jim' little is doing 
th is!) is loo king strong and I'm confident they will 
be the "dark hor en in the league a nd pull it off in 
the end . 

ongratulations, SMOKE A BOWL, 
This Bud's For 

You! 


