
UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23,1989 VOLUME 66, #15 0 . 

Student Center Receives Bomb Threat 
Search by Sheriffs Deputies, 
Campus Police Finds No Explosive 
By SETH SLATER, News Editor 
& DAVID WYNER, A ssociate 

News Editor 

A late-morning bomb threat re-
ceived by an EDNA employee 
caused a nearly two-and-a-half-
hour partial evacuation 01 the Stu-
dent Center yesterday. 

According to Nonie Ganakis, 
who received the call at approxi-
mately II :25 a.m. the caller aid, 
" If you don't clear this place out 
. . . I'm going to blow the shit out 
of this place." 

Ganakis described the ca ller's 
voice as one probably belongmg to 
a 20-year-old white female. She 
also said the call was mo t likely 
placed from an on-campus phone, 
judging from the number of times 
EDNA's phone rang. 

Ali Sadichian / Guardian 

A Community Service Officer ( left foreground) establishes a police line at the Student Center following 
yesterday's late morning bomb threat. Bike Enforcement Officer Mike Maheu stands by as onlookers mill 
in the background. 

The caller was screaming, said 
Ganakis, who did not take the 
threat seriously at first becau e it 
ounded like a "silly, fake call ." 

According to Student Affairs 
Officer Gail Levin, the decision to 
begin an evacuation was made by 
University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers. Campus police were 
also notified. 

t a I' ; 

A.S. Defeats Proposed Referendum 
By LAURA PROCTOR 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council defeated a 
proposal last night to put a refer-
endum before the students that 
would have read, "Do you feel 
that our chancellor ha adequate-
ly administered the UCSD campu 
with the best interests of UCSD 
undergraduate students in mind?" 

If approved, the question would 
have appeared on the ballots dur-
ing next quarter's A.S . elections. 

The measure was initially 
passed with the required two-
thirds majority. The Council dis-
cu sed several other matters before 
debate was reopened and the 
measure was defeated , 10 oppos-
ing and five in favor. 

Student Advocate Bard-Alan 
Finlan, who ubmitted the pro-
posal, cited "false promi es" by 
Chancellor Atkinson as one rea-
son to support the referendum, 
which he said would give the 
tudents a chance to let their 

opinion be heard. 
"The purpose of this thing," he 

said , "[Is to show that] we have a 
direct voice ... We [either] like 
what [Atkin on is] doing or we 
don't ." 

Finlan commented that Atkin-
on "has been through a lot in hi 

life ... I don't think he'll take this 
a an in ult ," adding, "We're 0 
concerned about offending the 

hancellor, but on so many oc-
casion he' ignored us." 

Vice President-E ternal Mor-

waters." decai Potash also favored the 
referendum, saying, "[Chancel-
lor Atkinson] seems to think he's 
more in tune with the students 
than I am," which Potash said is 
strange "considering the car he 
drives. " 

Several councilmembers object-
ed to the referendum on grounds 
that the question wa too vague, 
and would have no significant 
consequences. 

Police Sergeant Dave Isley said 
that UC officers arrived at the 
scene at approximately 11 :55. 

"We met with the people at 
EDNA and decided the game 
plan," Isley said, adding that "We 
[were] not going to force anyone to 
evacuate." 

He added, "There shouldn't be 
any fear [of offending the Chan-
cellor, because] we're letting the 
students decide." 

A.S. Advisor Randy Woodard, 
however, said, "I don't think [it] is 
appropriate ... to turn [a referen-
dum] into a questionnaire. " 

Instead, the deci ion to leave 
was left up to the individual organ-
ization supervisors in the Student 
Center, who were informed of the 
threat by EDNA taff member . The referendum would not have 

directly resulted in any action by 
the chancellor, but, according to 
Potash , would "just test the 

The Council ultimately defeated 
the proposal, although it i not 
too late for students to tell coun-
cilmember of any idea they 

Campus police proceeded to cor-
don off the Student Center and 
called for the a sistance of the San See MEETING, page 3 

Process Examines Material Breakage 
By REBEKAH DENN 
Guardian Intern 

A computer-enhanced technique, similar to 
that employed by children's 3-D Viewmasters, 
now helps scientists at Los Alamos National 
Laboratory di cover how and why materials 
break. 

The technique, called 3-D stereo imaging, i 
used to measure the roughne of a fractured 
surface and ca n help scientists design new, strong-
er materials. 

"The more you know about how a materia l 
breaks," said David Carter, a Los Alamos mate-
rials scientist , "the better you can design it." 

Stereo imaging is being used to design tronger 
part for jet engine . The new part can with tand 
temperatures up to 1400 degrees Cel iu , said 
Carter, and scienti tare workng on making 
them even tougher. 

hiatus 

The process, developed by Carter while earn-
ing his 1988 MIT ma ters degree, measures how 
rough a broken urface i . From these mea ure-
ments, scienti ts can find out how the material 
broke. 

Los Alamos, run by the University of Califor-
nia for the Department of Energy, u e' the pro-
ce to design compo ite ceramics. 

Re earcher take a material (Carter u e molyb-
denum silicide) and study the fractured surface 
before reinforcing st res points with crystalline 
threads that add trength and toughne s without 
adding much weight. Such reinforcement , Carter 
aid , toughens the material at room temperature 

and helps it withstand heat. 
The new roughne s measurements, Carter aid , 

are more accurate than old one . 
Typically, pa t re earcher would trace a bro-

ken urface with a tylu . Often , arter aid , the 
ee IMAG ING, page 3 

~i~l]i'~i 

Diego County Sheriffs Depart-
ment' Special Enforcement De-
tail (SED). 

The SED dispatched two bomb-
sniffing canine units to conduct a 
earch of the Student Center. 

The earch, which lasted approx-
imately an hour and 45 minute , 
yielded no evidence of a bom b. 

Isley then concluded that the 
area was safe and reopened the 
Student Center at I :55 p.m. 

At the time of the threat, the 
Office of Graduate Studies and 
Re earch was conducting a meet-
ing in the North Conference Room 
located next to EDNA in the Stu-
dent Center. 

Those at the meeting opted not 
to leave the area. 

" It wa a very important meet-
ing," said one source, who wished 
to remain anonymous. "We had 
the option to leave if we wanted to, 
but no one chose to," he continued. 

Another source, also requesting 
anonymity, said that the officials, 
"didn't seem to indicate we needed 
to evacuate." He said that those in 
the meeting were instead in tructed 
to it till while the officers searched 
the room. 

Most of those who did choose 
to leave the Student Center waited 
behind police line , just yards from 
the affected area. 

Isley, commenting on the ize of 
the cordoned off area, said that 
police "can only give so much of a 

See THR EA T, page 7 

Scripps Prof. 
Elected F eUow 
of Geophysical 
Union 
LAURA PROCTOR 
enior Staff Writer 

John A. Orcutt, a professor of 
geophysic at Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography, is San Diego' 
only cienti t to be elected as a 
Fellow ofthe American Geophy -
ical Union (AGU) this year. 

Orcutt was among twenty-two 
cientists elected from around the 

world as fellows this year. "I'm 
quite pleased," he aid , noting 
that, usually, more than ju tone 
San Diego cienti t is recognized: 

According to information pro-
vided by the Scripps Public Affair 
Office, the AG U ha over 17,000 
member worldwide, making it 
"the largest international society 
for earth cientists." Approxi-
mately one-tenth of one percent 
of the members are recognized a 
fellow . 

According to the AG U. Orcutt 
ee UN ION, page 3 

Young Bands Break 
Naw Music Ground h1 UCSD Lacrosse Comas Back to Da'aat SDSU 10 



I~ UC NEWS 
California Lottery: How Much Are 
Schools Benefitting From the Money? 

California's first lottery was introduced in 1985 
with the rationale that it would be a partial remcdy 
for a fi nancially strapped sta tc education sy tem. 

Whether or not true relief is in ight, abou t 40 cent 
of every dollar purcha ed for lottery tickets go directly 
to education . Some of tha t money ends up at the 
UC. 

Fifty percent of total lottery revenue goe to prize 
winners, a minimum of 34 percent to education, and a 
maximum of 16 percent to cover expenses, accord ing 
to the California State Lottery Act. 

Since the lottery was esta blished three years ago. up 
through the 1988-89 fiscal year, a total of $48 million 
has been received by the nine UC campuses. 

In compar ison, the California State University sys-
tem has received $88 million, community colleges 
$239 million and kindergarten through high chool 
$1 .6 billion. 

Lottery money received by the UC sy tern com-
prise a very small portion of the system's budget , 
which is $5. 1 bill ion for the 1988-89 fiscal year, 
according to UC Public Information Repre entative 
Paul West. 

- Troy Feddersen, Daily Nexus 

Rodriguez Appointed Regent Designate 
By UC Board of Regents at UCSF 

The UC Board of Regents has appointed Guillermo 
Rodriguez Jr. , a UC Berkeley junior, as student 
regent for 1989-90. T he action took place during a 

Board meetin.e. Thur day, Feb. 16, at C an 
Franci co. 

Rodriguez succeeds Deborah Ruth Thorpe, a UC 
Davis senior. He will serve as a regent designate 
until July I, 1989 when his one-year term on the 
board begins. He is the fourth student from UC Ber-
keley to hold the position. 

Rodriguez was nominated for the appointment by a 
pecial Regents' committee following a rigorous selec-

tion process which included personal interviews with a 
tudent selection committee and with the Regents' 

committee. 
A record 118 a ppl icants applied for the student 

regent position. 
Rod riguez is studying for a double major in sociol-

ogy and mass communications at Berkeley. He cur-
rently serves a director of the state student lobby for 

BLOOM COUNTY 
SIR we 've l!lEN 

WON~RfN{; 
WHY NONe Of I/S 

liNe IINY 
CLorH€~ ON 

t.Alet. Y. 

'SWeePS weeK '-
!le-WSflIfeRS M'/TfONWI~ 
liRe MCWIT1JI?IN(7 !Ht 
f((;//t7ef(~HIP RflTfN(7S 
Of THeil? C(}MICj 
1I~/.5 weeK ~ 

&e& .. [Hllm TO 
T1ffi.'(}(Aj /I COLP S~ 

ON A SHR€WP 
CORf'O!?AT€ IClel! f'Of( 
/I RII17N6S IJ(XJS r .. 

\ 

SHORTS ---=_~----
the AS UC Berkele . He was eleeted as a senator of 
the A.S. during his sophomore year and has served on 
a number of Uni\'er ity-wide and cam pus committees . 

AS UCI President Threatens to ue 
Unless UCI Dropped From Charter 

IR IN E - During an ASUCI meeting, ASUCI 
Presiden t Dave Hurwitz a nnounced his threat to sue 
the s tud ent lobby if it fails to change its charter from 
"We the students of the University of California" to 
one which wo uld exclude UCI undergraduate 
students . 

"We are not here to change our minds, [but] to talk 
about why [AS UC I] cut ties with UCSA ," Hurwitz 
sa id, regarding a meeting of the members of the Asian 
Pacific Student and Staff Association, the Black Stu-
dent Union and MEChA with the student council 
Thursday, Feb. 9. 

" If [UCSA] doesn't change [its] charter by this 
weekend, we are going to sue them," Hurwitz said, 
making his decision after conferring with UC 
attorneys. 

UCSA, a voluntary coalition funded by all UC 
campuses, advocates student issues at the legislative 
and state level. Comprised of an undergraduate and 
graduate representative from each campus, UCSA's 
Board of Directors voted on issues that may be placed 
on UCSA's advocacy agenda. 

After years of dissatisfaction with UCSA, last year's 
ASUCI President Erik Skaggs ended the stormy rela-
tionship by cutting its funding to UCSA in June 
1988, ASUCI Administrative Assistant Matt Bracy 
said. Bracy wa ASUCI's representative to UCSA last 
year. 

ASUCI pulled out of UCSA because "We wanted 
fewer issues and a vote by unanimous consent on all 
issue ," Hurwitz said . 

Last year, 19 issues were on UCSA's advocacy list, 
and a majority vote was required to place an issue on 
the agenda. 

Because of the vot ing system, "Most [of last year's] 
issues had nothing to do with Irvine. UCSA was tell-
ing us what the agenda was all about," Susan Barnes, 
ASUCI executive officer. sa id. 

" In effect, we were paying for other schools to 
lobby for issues that didn 't affect Irvine," she added . 

Instead of funding UCSA, the External Affair 
Office funds ASUCl's own local , state and national 
lobbying staff position, Barnes said. 

- Nazanin Namazi , New University 

President Reagan Visits Tau Kappa 
Epsilon House at UCLA Bearing Gifts 

LOS ANGELES - A Tau Kappa Epsilon alum-

Berke Breathed 
so THIS IS JIIST M7Re: 

€VlPfflCt THfl r THe 
CORf(}((/f Te l'f1f'eR SHfJffttf(S 
IN CONTl?OL OF IlI'1UICIi'S 
&RfIIT CRem7ve MU'IfJ!YI5 

liKe II BIIM6L1rKj mNCH ~ 
8<JNtHefI(lS 

nus gave the U LA chapter a ja r of jelly bellies 
Thursday, Feb. 9. 

T he jelly bellies were in the usual colors - red, 
green. white. purple ... But the unusua l giver was 
former President Ronald Reagan . 

Flanked by three secret service agent. Reagan 
arrived at the Landfair fraternity house in a black 
limousine at 3:20 p.m. 

In his hand , he carried the jar. 
Fraternity members clapped and cheered as the 

former pre ident climbed the stairs and entered the 
house, Reagan shook hands with about 15 members 
who happened to be there. 

Reagan made the sudden visit to thank the house 
for a Christmas gift they gave him and to tell college 
stories, 

In front of the fireplace, Reagan recounted anec-
dotes from his fraternity years at Illinois' Eureka 
College. 

- Cameron Shaw. Daily Bruin 

Suspect in Attempted Shooting 
of UCLA Researcher to Stand Trial 

LOS ANGELES - A Los Angeles Superior Court 
Judge, weighing mixed advice from two court-
appointed doctors. ruled Thursday, Feb. 9, that Susan 
Sawicki is mentally competent enough to stand trial 
for attempting to shoot a UCLA researcher last year. 

Judge David Perez maintained that the 37-year-old 
Panorama City woman is mentally capable of han-
dling testimony and questioning, although doubts were 
cast by her public defender and one of two doctors 
who evaluated her. 

The doctors reached independent conclusions 
through court reports and interviews with Sawicki, 
who is charged with attempting to seize an oral 
pathology lab and its workers at UCLA School of 
Dentistry Oct. 19. 

With the ruling, Perez ordered trial preparations to 
continue Feb. 23. A trial will be set within 60 days of 
the hearing to ensure Sawicki speedy proceedings for 
felony charges of assault with a firearm, attempted 
false imprisonment, possession of a loaded firearm on 
school grounds, and burglary. 

Sawicki was initially arrested on suspicion of 
attempted murder, after the unemployed secretary 
allegedly marched into the lab, brandished a .38-
caliber revolver and fired a shot at the first person she 
saw, police said. 

The shot missed researcher Wolf Lassman, and no 
one wa hurt. 

Sawicki told police she planned to seize the lab to . 
challenge results of a biopsy performed on her mouth 
in 1985. Univer ity officials said Lassmann had 
nothing to do with the report, which Sawicki said was 
riddled with false information. 

- Eugene Ahn, Daily Bruin 

Activist Jerry Rubin Begins 75 
Day Fast to Protest War Toys 

LOS ANGELES - Local peace activist Jerry 
Rubin began a 75-day "emergency fast" against war 
and violence on Tuesday, Feb. 14. 

In front of the Federal Building, Rubin kicked off 
his "Teach Love Not War" fast for peace to protest all 
violence on local and international levels. The fast 
would last from Valentine's Day to April 30, the 14th 
anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War. 

"I'm concerned about the e calation of violence in 
America and the influence of violence-glorifying 
media and war toys on our children," Rubin said. 

''I'm agai nst censorship, we need to speak out 
against the lessons in aggression American youth are 
recei ving," 

Rubin is especially concerned about cartoons pro-
duced by war-toy companies, which he terms "half-
hour advertisements." He has previously staged war-
toy meltdowns and burials to draw attention to the 
dangerous nature of the new breed of children's 
playthings. 

M ore than 50 professional studies have shown Ihat 
those toys have negative psychological effects on 
children, Rubin said, They encourage aggression and 
reduce "donating behavior," one study says. 

The FCC restrictions on war toys advertising dur-
ing children's programming were lifted in 1982 
because of pressure from th'!! toy company Mattei, 
Rubin said. Sales for that company have since 
boomed, he said , 

- Keith Roberts, Daily Bruin 

La Jolla Library Sells Books 
The La Jolla Library is moving from its downtown 

location and will be selling many of its old books at 
bargain prices, 

The sale will take place at their old location, 1006 
Wall Street, Saturday, March 4 from 10 a .m . to 3 
p.m . 

The new library is located at 75.5.5 Draper Avenue 
and will open March 17. The books are being sold to 
facilitate the move from the old library to the new 
one. 

-cOIIIplecli by Leeu K. U .... 

The U D Guardian NEWS Thursday, February n. 1989 3 

Former Systemwide Vice President 
Dies After 40-Year UC Career 

brother. 
Several other family members 

have also been involved in plant 
pathology, including Kendrick's 
father who was a professor of 
pathology at UC Davis for 22 
years . 

IMAGING 
Continued Irom pale 1 
stylus would fall off the peaks of 
the material it was measuring. 

By CATHERINE DILLE 
Guardian Intern 

James B. Kendrick, former vice 
president for agriculture andnaf. 
ural resources at the University of 
California, died Feb. 15 in Berke-
ley of cancer. He was 68. 

Kendrick served the UC system 
in various agriculturally related 
capacities since J 947. Kendrick's 
40-year career with the University 
of California ended in 1968 when 
he retired from his post as the vice 
president for agriculture and nat-
ural resources. 

In that capacity, Kendrick over-
saw the university'S statewide Co-
operative Extension program and 
the Natural Reserve System. 

UC President David p, Gardner 
remembers Kendrick as a "Na-
tional leader in agriculture who 
never lost the common touch, a 
gent lema n in the finest sense of 

the term. 
"He was one of the first high-

level research administrators to 
focus attention on consumer issues 
and the growing concern about 
environmental quality," Gardner 
said. 

'1KendrickJ was one of 
the first high-level re-
search administrators 
to focus attention on 
... the growing concern 
about environmental 
quality. " 

- David Gardner 

"As vice president for agricul-
ture and natural resources, envir-
onmental concerns were [Ken-
drick's] responsi bilit y," said Sey-

UNION :Proj. Honored 
Continued from page 1 
was recognized "for quantitative 
seis mological studies of the ocea-
nic lithosphere and leadership in 
marine geophysics." 

Orcutt's research deals primar-
ily with the earih's crust and seis-
mic activity on the ocean floor 
and has led him on several expe-
ditions. He typically spends one 
month a year at sea, he said. 

His work has taken him to pla-
ces such as the Galapagos I lands, 
where he spent two months la t 
year studying the seismic waves 
created by several nearby volca-
nos on the ocean floor. 

By observing seismic changes, 
such as earthquakes or volcanic 
activity, Orcutt said, he learns 
about the physics of the sea floor's 
internal structure. 

"It's very mathematical," he said 

of hi s work, co mparing his 
research technique to the process 
of a CAT scan, which forms a 
single image from a computerized 
combination oftomograms, a type 
of X-ray. 

In addition to being a professor 
at Scripps, Orcutt is the director 
of the La Jolla branch of the Uni-
versity of California Institute of 
Geophysics and Planetary Phys-
ics (lGPP). 

Orcutt graduated magna cum 
laude with a bachelor of science 
degree in physics and mathemat-
ics from the U.S. Naval Academy 
at Annapolis, M D, and was a 
Fulbright Scholar at the Univer-
sity of Liverpool, England, earn-
ing a master's degree in physics. 

He earned his doctora! degree 
in earth sciences from Scripps 
Institute in 1976. 

Symphony Hall 
SAN DIEGO 

~~, 
I( • , \I S A If "/ f II if 

WELCOMES 
"An Outspoken 

Evening with 

MORTON 
DOWNEY, JR." 

Sunday, Feb. 26 

Tickets available at: All T~"~~"""A Locations including 
May Co., Mad Jac ks, Tower Record " or 

charge by phone al 278-8497 

dermatology 
• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts, psoriaSiS 

• leg veins • thinning hair 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Certified Dermatologist 

Hours. 8 a.m 5 p m. M F, some Saturdays 

552-8842 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA DR STE. 1121 

(behind Elephant Bar Restaurant) 

mour VanGundy. interim dean of 
the College of Natural and Agri-
cultural Sciences at UC River-
side. "Kendrick was a very nice 
man, one of my mentors," Van-
Gundy said . 

Speaking about his 40 years of 
service to the Unversity, Kendrick 
once said, " My claim to fame, I 
guess, is that my tenure at the 
University included service under 
three UC presidents, as well as 
having worked with 29 vice presi-
dents and 27 chancellors." 

Kendrick received his Ph.D. in 
plant pathology, the study of plant 
diseases, from the University of 
Wisconsin in 1947, said E, L. 
Kendrick, the late administrator's 

MEETING 
Continued from page 1 
m ight have for a referendum. 

To appear on this Spring's bal-
lot , a referendum must be ap-
proved by the Council. To go 
through the proper cha nnels, ref-
erendum suggestions should be 
presented to councilmembers be-
fore next week's meeting. 

The Council also debated the 
issue of the proper procedure for 
committee appointments . Ap-
pointments to the UCSD Student 
Regulations Committee and the 
1989 Elections Committee were 
discussed , with Finlan voicing 
strong opposition to the current 
procedures. 

Veg 
out. 

If you love veggies, 
come to Uno's and 
veg out Eat them by 
the bowl in our delicate 
Creme of Broccoli soup 
or by the slice in our 
Wlique Spinoccoli 
Pizza Uno's. The 
place for Chicago's 
original deep dish 
pizza. 

"I guess plant pathology runs 
in the family," VanGundy said, 

Kendrick was also very involved 
with San Rafael's Guide Dogs for 
the Blind program where he served 
on the board of directors since 
June of 1983, said Public Rela-
tions Director Jennifer Bassing. 

"Mr. Kendrick was a charm-
ing, caring individual who devoted 
a lot of energy to the betterment 
of our Guide Dogs for the Blind 
program," she said. 

A memorial service for Ken-
drick was held yesterday after-
noon. The' family requested that 
monetary donations be made to 
Guide Dogs for the Blind in lieu 
of flowers. 

Carter's method , by contrast, 
begins with two pictures ofa frac-
tured surface. The pictures are 
taken with an electron microscope 
at slightly different angles . These 
"stereo pairs," when viewed to-
gether, make a 3-D picture which 
the computer analyzes to produce 
a 3-D graph of the surfaces. 

Stereo pairs have been used to 
produce 3-D images in such 
instruments as ste reo cameras, bi-
ocular microscopes, the hand-
held Viewmasters used to illus-
trate children's stories and old-
fashioned stereoscopes, 

However, this is the first time 
stereo pairs have been used with 
computers to find surface rough-
ness. 

r------------------, : 250(. OFF =:~~I~rIOrge : I Ie, frozen yogurt I 
I ~" : ' .,:v. , I 
I I 
I I 
I Void -. any oIh« 0/*, I 
I Toppinga noIlnetU<led. Explre$ 2/ 26/ 89 I One coupon 10 a 
I c~ I 
I Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. I I 11-11 Fri. & Sot. I I 12-10:30 Sun, I 

LI ~~7~oRn=~g~:~t~ A, •• O I ------------------~ 

iUCSO BUY ONE, 3/2 IUCSO DOUBLE · 312IucLATE NIGHT 
I G;~~E I purc?~~~IWO I R,ce?c~~~er of 
I I regular size pizzas for I 'l achos or Buffalo Wings Purchase any sizc pizza with any purchase 

and receive the second I Only $9 95 I FREE I of equal or lesser valuc • FREE I Take-out oilly One coupon per party 
I :-Jot good in combination I \ 'alid at Bar & Dining Room With any other oller Eat in only I ' \,alid lOP." - clo C L1I11y 
I :'\l11 good in combi natiL)11 Call Ahead For Take-ollt I :-\l1t gl10d in (ombillJtiL11l I Wilh any OIlh'" ller I I with 0"" ,,,her olTer I ........ I ... I I 

l.!!e~ ..... ( ...... ~~-~S~Itwd.!h ... ~-~~~ .. cI.! ... ~t-Or~ 



_4_nlU_rsM_J"~_hru_an2_J" _989 ______ <=) ___ 1P~&I~~~~() __ 1'l ________________ _ 
Hunter S. Thompson 
Omnia Vincit Amor 

Editor's note: Thi column is continued from last Thursday. 
"We are true lovers run into strange capers . .. 

- William hake peare M y HEART WA full of hate as we zoomed back down the hill t.o acramento, but I couldn't quite put it in focus . George Bush was on the radio, talking to Congress about 
justice for Puerto Ricans ... but the sound of his voice was like Lithium 
Grease in my ear and my fiancee (CQ) wa babbling ince antlyabout 
her money-mad brute of a boyfriend. 

" He watches me like a hawk, "she was sayi ng. "He clings to my back 
like a tick. I ca n't escape." 

I laughed har hly and ga e her a hard lap to the throat that caused 
her eyeballs to roll back in her head . She tried to screech, but no sound 
came out of her mouth ... and just a I tarted to smile I saw her fi t 
right in front of my face and then felt a whack ofboneagainsl bone that 
made me go blind . 

There was a crazy look in her eyes for a moment, then she laughed 
and stretched out on the eat with her head in my lap. "Let' gel ome 
whiskey, "she aid . "There's a liquor store up here on the next corner. I 
can charge there." 

We were almost to where he lived, he said, but she wanted to have a 
few drinks before slipping into the house. "I'm sure he's not there,"she 
said, "but I still feel nervous." 

We pulled into the parking lot of the liquor store and she gave me a 
long kis before we went inside. The top wa down and the bright red 
Chevy seemed to glow like a rolling bonfire. I felt a li ttle queasy about 
necking openly under a street light in her own neighborhood, but she 
said it didn't matter. 

"Who cares?" she giggled. "We're almost newlywed ," 
Another wave of queasiness rolled over me, but I ignored it . .. The 

store was full of rich-looking men fuss ing over the fine wine selection, 
but we went traight to the whiskey rack. It loo ked like a long night 
coming up, so I got two liters of Royal Salute, a tall bottle of 110-proof 
green Chartreuse and half-gallon of Chiva for backup. 

At the cash regi ter I noticed a tabloid with a big headline saying: 
VULTURES ATTACK FU ERAL AND EAT THE CORPSE. 

It was a heinous story: "Relative and frie nd were sickened as they 
watched the fierce predators tearing away at the flesh of their loved 
one." 

It happened in Poland , where a flock of huge meat-eating birds 
circled over the cemetery, squawki ng and croaking ominously a the 
casket was carried toward the grave - then suddenly swooped down 
and attacked the six pallbearers so savagely that one man had his scalp 
clawed off and another lost an eyeball. They panicked and fled, drop-
ping the casket on the street and letting the corpse roll ouI. 

Stunned townspeople stood by helplessly weeping as a horde of 
bloodthirsty birds ca rried the corpse away . . . One relative said the 
vultu res were squa bbling hysterically over chunks of loose flesh. 

I HAV E AL WA YS admired Polish journalism. There is a different rhythm to it, a brazenly off-center point of view that allows for 
unique perception . .. But there was no time for scholarly reflection 

now: We were out on the boulevard again, driving slowly toward Jilly's 
house. 

It was on a tree-lined street in a high-rent district not far from the 
Capitol - a brick townhouse with white pillars ... I found a dark spot 
across the steet and parked in the half-shadow of a big elm tree, then I 
felt her tongue in my mouth. 

We were making so much noise that I decided to put the top up -
which seemed to offend her. "I toldyou , "she snapped. "He's gone. He's 
sniveling around at one of his goddamn business dinners. That's all he 
cares about." 

"Not like us," I said. "We hear the real music." 
She slid across the seat and got out. ''I'll be right back ," she said . 

"This won't take a minute." 
I watched as she pranced gracefully across the lawn in her high-heel 

shoes and disappeared through the front door .... Well , I thought, this 
must be what Gen . MacArthur had in mind when he made his famous 
speech about the Pitfalls of Unrealism. 

For the first time all day I realized that this woman was serious. I was 
about to get married to a total stranger. She had made me drive all the 
way back here ju t to get her birth certificate. 

I relaxed and turned up the radio. It was George Bush again - a 
news rehash of his speech about shame in Puerto Rico and the need to 
trip elderly welfare cheats off the Medicaid dole. 

That swine! I thought. He 's sleazier than Nixon ... ever mind that 
giddy swill James Baker puts out about how George loves to hum 
Dylan tunes while racing his Cigarette boat across the waters .. . 

Probably John Tower likes to go out with him. Load up on booze 
and a gaggle of wild women, then crank up the speakers and mak e a 
berserk run on the dock at 90 mph ... scare the landlubbers into a 
coma. 

Good old George. You can take the boy out of Yale, but you can't 
take Yale 'out of the boy. It's the same goatish attitude that got him 
mixed up with a loose cannon like Oliver orth in the first place. Just 
an ungovernable hunger for life. 

Suddenly, I heard a wild outburst of shouting from the direction of 
Jilly's house. "You drunken bitch!" a man's voice screamed . " You can't 
get away with this! 111 have you both locked up!"Then ) heard a babble 
of cu r ing and her spike heels clattering on the asphalt as she sprinted 
acros~ the street and jumped into the car. 

"Let's go!" she yelled . "He'~ gone crazy! He grabbed me by the 
neck!" 

The man was still creaming as I hammered the car in to gear and 
roared away fro m the curb with my lights off. What the hell? ) thought. 
Let's go to Reno. 

To be continued . . . 

Health Center 
Poorly Run 
Editor: 

) 

Even as I write this I can barely 
contain my anger. It is Friday 
evening, and because of the Stu-
dent Health Center's bungling, I 
have to suffer through anot her 
weekend with a painful eye infec-
tion . Now maybe one weekend 
isn't a very big deal , but this is one 
more weekend being added to 
nearly six weeks of pain, mo t of 
which could probably have been 
avoided. 

It all started about a month-
and-a-half ago when 1 noticed 
that my eyes were becoming very 
bloodshot. After a few days I 
went into the Student Health Cen-
ter. It took over an hour , but 
eventually I was able to talk to 
omeone and I was pre cribed an 

antibiotic. After everal days, the 
eyedrops proved worthless, so I 
went back in for another day of 
waiting at the Center, all to be 
told what I already knew - the 
eyedrops were not working. 

I was then juggled around for 
weeks before they finally let me 
make an appointment with ome-
one I thought would treat me in 
"G roup B." They were kind 
enough to" queeze" me in for an 
early appointment - over a week 
later on a busy Friday afternoon. 
I went through the regular wa it-
ing when my appointment came 
around, and when I finally saw 
the doctor, all she did was refer 
me to another doctor. So now, 
after all the time and effort, aliI 
have to show for it is a referral to 
another doctor. I could have got-
ten that over a month ago, a nd 
without all the trouble! 

This whole experience has left 
me extremely angry at t he UCSD 
Health System. Not only was I 
forced to waste a lot of valuable 
time waiting for rude and gener-
ally uncaring doctors, in the end, I 
don't even have a nything to show 
for it! I think the Soviet Union 
has proven beyond a shadow of a 
doubt that socialized systems don't 
work well. What I can't under-
stand is why a school in the Uni-
ted States wou ld have socialized 
medicine. 

I know many other students 
who have had similar bad expe-
riences with the Health Center; I 
think it's about time something be 
done to stop the needless student 
suffering. Maybe it's time some 
different doctors start practices 

JOHN SHAW, Editor In Ch"f 
LARA MIHATA, Managmg Editor 
S t:nl SLATER, Nrws Ediror 
DAVID II UR KH A R T. Opinion Editor 

Israel I"inally Locates the Only Palestinians 
They Can "Talk" To. 

within the UCSD system. Maybe 
if the doctors are forced to com-
pete for student business, we might 
start getting some decent medical 
care, or at least some common 
courtesy! 

Eric: Karich 

Fun With 
Bureaucracy 
Editor: 

Recently I had a learning expe-
rience at this great learning insti-
tution of ours that I thought I 
would share with my fe llow stu-
dents. 

I live in La Jolla Del Sol 
(UCSD's own li tt le corner of con-
do hell) a nd my lease has this to 
say a bout utilities: "Gas, water, 
sewer, trash, and electricity for 
outside lighting and common fa-
cilities is inc:luded in the rent. All 
electricity inside of the unit is the 
responsibility of the Resident. " 
Imagine my surprise when a gas 
bill f rom the Housing Office ap-
peared in my mailbox. 

T his is n't right, said I. So I went 
to the La J olla Del Sol office to 
st ra ighten things OUI. I was told 
t hat the a bove quoted lines mean 
that only gas for o utside facil ities 
is included in the rent. Silly me. I 
didn't realize tha t "Gas, water, 
sewer, trash" were all required for 
"outside lighting." 

Next I was told that, gee whiz, 
t he lease was wrong. While inte-
rior electricity is specified as the 
responsibil ity of the resident, the 
Housing Office j ust "forgot" to 
make the same specification fo r 
gas. Heck, I can understand that. 
What's a litt le mistake between 
friends? I'm sure that if I forgot, 
say, to pay my rent on time, the 
Housing Office would say, " Hey, 
no problem. Whenever you can 
get us the money is fi ne." Yeah, 
right. Fined i,. more li ke it. 

Well , J told them that the lease 
I signed, "wrong" or not, was the 
lease I signed, a nd I didn't want to 
pay. The manager to ld me that 
she didn 't have the authority to 
exempt me from paying, so I 
would have to write a letter to her 
"administrator" and sett le the 
matter with him. T hat is, I can 
spend several hours writing, call-
ing, and seeing this "administra-
tor." Of course, time would not be 
a problem if I did, because I 
would have to leave school. The 
Housing Office, you see, has in-
formed me that if my outstanding 
gas bill is not paid, I won't be 
allowed to register for next quar-
ter. 

Now, I'm just a simple grad 
student, but my mother taught 
me to take responsibility for my 
mistakes. What I have learned 
lately, however, is that if you area 
university, you can pass the bills 
fo r your mistake to your students. 

Brian C1ulgisb 

Senior 51." WrI1en: Davi d Brooki . Niki Newland" Laura Proclor. 
. Isabelle Tihanyi 

ADREA ADLEMAN, Contributing FtOlurt!s Edilor 
ANNAMA RIE BElZERIDE , TraiNIng Dirutor 

S.a" Wrlten: Vincent Andrade, Marci Aronovit7, Dana Chaik.en, Cyn-
Ihia Chesy. Jill Colley. Denise Dador. Randy DOlinga, Susan Il ylen. 
Brian Itow. Kennelh Jensen. PallY Jellie . Miles Kan . Jordan Karubian. 
John Kearney. Mark Kenney. Ivan Krim .Jeff Lambelh. A .C . Lee, AdAm 
Levy, Leesa Light, Philip MacGovern, Jonearlo Mark . Mike Martinez, 
Naney Munlner, M. O'Kede, DaVid Pode ha , Carin Resnick. Porsche 
Shanlz. Wendy Sl<inle. Dennis Woo. Rebekah YOUnl. Chris Zaharia, 
PhoI ...... phen: Jill Babior. Bryan Bilyeu. Peler Messrobian . Brian Mor-
ris. Wyatt R Cbental, Ken Reinstein, Rimas UZliris 

CY THIA CAMPB ELL. AnOl laft A rrs Ediror 
ERIC CHAlAN KIN, ASSOCI"ft Nrk s Editor 
KATH LEEN D O NA H UE, Photo Editor 
RICK FORD , Graphics Editor 
PHI L G R UEN, Sporrs Edilor 
PA TTY JETTIE, Assistant Am Ed,lor 
LEESA LIG H T. Production Manager 
JULIE MUN RO . r .atuus £duor 
DONOVAN P. R OCH E,Anura", Am Editor 
ALI ADIG H IAN, Assoria,. Photo l:.alt or 
AP RIL SMI TH , Copy Editor 
I,A RR Y WEINTRAU B, MusIC tdltor 
DAVID WYNt: R, ASJoci.te Nt .. s Editor 
SA8RI A YO MAN S. Arts Cdltor 

S HE DL DIAMOND, BUlin' s Mallager 
MICHAEL FOU LKS, Adl'ert""'g MQllogtr 
MIKE MARTINEZ , Ad\'~r'iJInX Dn,xnt'r 
E. L[IGIl HENRY, Grner.1 Am,,"", 
JEFF S YMO N. Ad""""'g R,pustntotllr 
JO PI Ct.K, Ad\'t',tl.Sll1g Rt'pr~jrnlat'v~ 

IIhntr •• on: Remy Avancio t Janie Mandrason , JeffQLlan , Jon R. lJye-
,aka . lois Yu. Alina Zorreno 
TypeHt1 .. s: y nlhi. Campbell. Cynlhia Che,y. Roark Dor ity. Jeff Kile. 
Robin Maclea n 
Cop y Re.der" Jill Colley. Randy DOlinga, Eric Springer. Fredric 
Hamber 
Producl lon : Marci Aronovill. Nicole Bennell. Jill Colley. Slacy Lo ng-
'tr"l. Nancy Munlner. Am ie guyen. l.aur. Proctor. Aplil Smith. Julie 
Sonnl ag. Jeff Yamaguchi 

Thr UCS D GuardIan is published Mondays and Thursdays during Ihe 
academiC year by and for the studenl s of U SD ReprodLictlon or ~ of 
Ihls new paper wllhoUI permossion IS striclly pro hlblled . 1989. all rlghlS 
reserved. Tht GUQrdlan is not rc~por\slbk for un ollClted manu.scrtps or 
an 

Views expressed in wrttlng and m graphlcli d o not nec(!Js3 rtly re present 
the opInions of Tht Guardian, the: ni\e:rsit ) of ali(ornt8 nor the: 
As-oclOl<d Sludents or UCS D 

The UCSD G ... rdi.n, 8 -0 16, L. JoU., CA 92093. 
EeIllorial: (6 19) ~J4.6SIG 8 "'1 ..... : 16 19) ~J"'J466 

The L'C D Guardian OPINION Thursday. February 23. 1989 

Q and A: Do you think that a law should be passed making use of 
semi-automatic firearms such as the AK-47 illegal? 

Definitely! There has been 
evidence that tragic events can 
occur, such as the Stockton 
schoolyard slay ing. It doesn't 
make sensefor citizens to have 
such powerful weapons. 

No! I like to shOal Ihem. I 
like to go target shOaling. It 
takes out my aggressions. 

Gwyn Murray 
Senior, Revelle 

Animal Phys. 

WISH YOU COULD 
PREDICT WHAT 
YOU SHOULD BE 
DOING IN THE 
FUTURE? 

COME TO THE 

Dnid Lilly 
Junior, Muir 

AMES 

UNDECLARED MAJOR FAIR 
and get a clearer idea of where you're going I 

Wednesday, March 1 
11 :30 - 1 :30 Oceanview Quad. 

Third College 
A representotive from every major department 

will answer your questions regarding the 
major program, course requirements 

and departmental procedures. 

In April , look for "Major Showcoses" sponsored 
by 011 five Academic Advismg Offices. 

Yes! I'm totally anti-weap-
ons. There's already too much 
violence as it is. There:S no 
need for heavy dUly rifles. 
You 're not going to need lhem 

for protection. Violence here 
in the u.s. is higher than in 
at her countries. II:S ridiculous. 

Carlisle Kim 
Freshperson, Third 

Psych, 

...... .., ... 
TAUCING MUDS 
U2 • 1'111 CWI • 111M 
DIPICIII MODI 
101 IATltIAlll • XTC 
O ... OIOlNOO 

... ........... 

: 

No. Because if Ihey were to 
ban these weapons, those who 
want them will get theirs by 
any means necessary which 
will result in more killings. 

Charles F rancis 
Senior, Warren 

QEDS 

No. It doesn', make any 
sense unless you make all guns 
illegal too. If the intent to use 
the gun is Ihere, il doesn 't mat-
ter whether or not il is semi-
automatic. 

Lyn Elliott 
Senior, Revelle 

App.Math/Scientific: Prog. 

Photos and Interviews by Ken Reinstein 

BUDGET 
FARES 

• Copenhagen ... $859 
• Sydney ......... $868 
• London ...... .. . $530 
• Tokyo .......... $539 
• Caracas ........ $399 

BaNd on round .rlp lor. 
Book No", - SeQIS Limited! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

Why apply to 
Medical school 

twice? 
Old you know Ihat only I in 4 

sludenlS accepled to U.S. Medical 
schools is a repeat applicanl?Thafs 
why ifs imperlant 10 make sure 
yoU( grades and your MCAT scores 
measure up ON THE FIRST TRY. 

How? The BEST way is profes-
sional tesl preparation at Ihe 
Stanley H. Kaplan Educational 
Center. We've been giving inlensive 
care to MCAT candidates for over 
30 yurs. We slart with a rree 
diagnostic lesl and a personalized 
compuler evalualion of each 
student. Then we hetp you master 
.lIllve sublesls w ith live classes. 
homestudy nOles. slrategy clinics 
and aud io practice labs. 

Call us now. Get It right the 
firu time. 

1 KAPLAN 
ItAIIIIY N. u". Jll(A1IOIIM an LII. 

MCATREVIEW 
Your future is wonh h. 
THERE'S STILL TIME 

TO PREPAR EI COMPACT 
COURSES FORMING NOW. 

4760 Clairemont Me a Blvd . 
an Diego. C 92117 

(619)277-6744 



6 Thur da)'. Fehruary 23. 19 9 

FEBRUARY 25 • 1989 

CASIHO H 16 HT 
UCSD MAIN GYM. 8PM ~ MIDNIGHT 

COME TO UCSD'S GALA EVENT OF THE YEAR! 
REFRESHMENTS + $500 WORTH OF CHIPS FREE. EXCITING PRIZES 

BLflCK)ACK+ CRAPS. RODlE II E+ POKER 
WHEEL OF FORTOttE+ BACCARAT + CHOCK-o-WCK 

GRAND PRIZE: 
TRIP fOR TWO TO LAS VEGAS 
FROM COUNCIL TRAVEL 

Other contributors include: 

SPO"SOREO BY OCSO CAMPOS RECREATIO" AttO CORO"A EXTRA 

"~UCSD 
r 5 Campus Recreation . QJ:oJono txt r(\ 

The L'C,)D Guardian 

THREAT 
Continued (rom page 1 
perimeter .. .. We take the perime-
ter that . .. you ca n maintain to 
where [the si tuation is] relatively 
safe." 

"There has never 
been a real bomb 
[found at UCSDj. " 

- Sgt. Dave Isley 

I ley also aid that campus police 
"only have so many people" and 
explained that a dispatcher wa 
stationed at one entrance to the 
Student Center and was asked to 
direct people away from the area. 

When Isley saw off-duty dis-
patcher Louis Santaella passing by 
the scene, he asked Santaella to 
help out. 

"He wasn't really working," Isley 
said. "He was just coming from 
class and I said, 'Hey, Louis, stand 
here.' " 

Santaella said he was only auth-

kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Need not b. upensi'e 
pecial College 

tudC'nl Program 
CALL SFIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 Camino 
0.1 Rio North 

/13IS 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleosis within 
the last month 7 If so your 

plasma cou ld make a 
valuable contribution to 

the medical industry. and 
earn you 550 (It the same 

time. For additional 
details call Ms. Vawter at 

Essential Biologics. 
226-1733. 

ori7ed to verba lly direct people 
away from the area and could not 
back up his directions with force. 

In the event an unauthorized 
person was to attempt to enter the 
re tricted area, antaeila said, "My 
only recourse would be to ca ll an 
o flice r. " 

Campus Police Chief John An-
derson said SanLaella was used 
because "We needed the help. [The 
Student Center is]justa big area to 
cordon off." 

Anderson later said that San-
taella "wasn't placed in any role of 
authority . . . It's something that 
wou ld normally be done." 

NEWS Thursday . February 23. 1989 7 

The police chief also said that 
the department's legal liabilities if a 
civilian dispatcher such as San-
taella were to be injured as a result 
of participation in such an incident 
would be the "same as it would be 
for anyone outside the perimeter. 
[Santaella] was outside the per-
imeter. n 

Sniffing For a Bomb 
According to Ganakis, "It's 

pretty normal to get threats like 
this during finals week," but said it 
is unusual to receive threatening 
calls at this point in the academic 
quarter. 

Isley added that, "There has 
never been a real bomb [found at 
UCSD)." 

As a result of yesterday's late morning 
bomb threat phoned in to an EDNA em-
ployee by an unidentified caller, a partial 
evacuation of the Student Center was 
enforced. Campus police officers and mem-
bers of the San Diego County Sheriff's 
Department's Special Enforcement Detail. 
pictured above, led specially trained dogs 
on a search for explosives. 

WHY· 
PAY MORE FOR 

CAR INSURANCE!! 
DISCOUNTS 

You can Mllef;, from tI,ese discOfUtU: 
• Good Student· Students under 25 with a B average qualify for a 25% 

discount. 
• Driver's Trainlnc - Students under 21 who pass an approved driver's 

training course qualify for a 10% discount. 
• Defensive Drivinc - For passing a defensive driving course , a 10% 

discount applies 
• Claim-Free - If you haven't submitted a clai m in two years or more, you 

qualify for a 5070- 15% discount. 
• Multi-Car - For covering two or more cars under one policy, a 100/0- 15% 

discount will be included on your poticy. 
• Mature Driver - Drivers between 50 and 64 years of age qualify for a 2%-

24% discount. 

CAll NOW FOR A FREE QUOTATION (619)299-8667 
Life and Medical Available 

We're an A + Company, 110 Years in the Business 
CondilW1U ond rr.~"icl;OnJ rnu) upplv. 

INTERNSHIPS 
LONDON 

Art/Architecture· Business/Economics' Human/Health Services 
Journalism/Communlcat!ons • Visual/Performing Arts • PolitiCS 

PARIS 
Media - Public Relations/Advertising • Government 

Financial Institutions • Tourism' Fashion • Publishing • The Arts 

WASHINGTON 
Politics' Business/Economics· Pre-Law' International Relations 

Journalism/Communications • Health Fields • The Arts 

All fourteen week internship programs include sixteen Boston University semester-
hour credits, fUll -time internships. coursework taught by local faculty, centrally 
located apartments. and individualized placements for virtually _y academic 
interest. Programs In London and Paris are offered in the spring, filII . and summer 
sessions; The Washington program is otlered dUring the fall and spring. 

For program details and an application contact: 

Boaton Unlveralty 
International Programs 
725 Commonwealth Avenue B2 
Boston. MA 02215 
617/353-9888 
An equal oppcM'tunltv affnmaltve achon n!illlutlOfl I\.HH' ,.,. .... NIII'.'ITV \l\YUII I" """"' '' l 

A Representative trom Boston UniverSity Will be on campus' 

Monday, February 27 
1 p,m. 

International Center Lounge 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR •• 

7OM's Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service' Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References_ 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • :S2 OFF : 
: ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
• • 
:$1 OFF : 
• • 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
· .. 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Please FREE • 
• pr"",nt cou pon CAMPUS • 
• when ordering DELIVERY • 
• 110 R.'>. TO YOUR • 
• Mon · Thu tla", ·MID 

~n - ~.II I lam- tam OOOR • 
• '>un I I 30.m·MID • 

• • 
• • 
• • • tlH7 J Villa Ll JolI<l Dr I..;t Jollol Vtllage Square • 
,. 455-0662 • 
I ..................... .. 



I1ving Color, a rock and roll band from the East Coast, is back 
in San Diego on Feb. 27 playing at the SDSU Aztec Bowl. 

Equipped with strong music resembling the Bad Brains, Living 
Color is also armed with a powerful sodal message. 

In an interview Friday, lead vocalist Corey Glover explained the 
band's position. "It's about freedom, about the freedom to play 
what you feel and believe in." 

The current lineup consists of Glover, Vernon Reid-guitar and 
backing vocals, William Calhoun-drums. percussion. backing 

vocals, and Muzz Skillings-bass and backing vocals. 
"The music is real. it's honest, it's us," stated Muzz. Their debut 

album. VIVid, on Epic Records, was produced by Ed Stasium who 
has worked with the Talking Heads. Gladys Knight & the Pips. 

Julian Cope, and the Ramones. 
Glover explained that the band's membership to the Black 

Rock Coalition is another part of the message which they try to 
communicate through their music. The New York based organiza-
tion is dedicated to combating radal stereotypes in the music bus-
iness and serves as a launching pad for undiscovered cutting-edge 

black talent. I1ving Color is generally considered the Coalition's 
flagship group. and is the first affiliated act signed to a major 

record label. 
"Vernon and a few of his friends got together to lind out if they 

felt the same about the music industry, to see if they got the 
same type of treatment in the industry because they were black 

folks trying to do an alternative form of music," said Glover. 
"Mickjagger from the Rolling Stones heard about the band and 

wanted to audition Vernon for the record Primitive Fool." said 
Glover. Jagger became interested in working with the band and 

actually produced an early Living Color session. 
The video, "Cult of Personality", has 

received much airplay from MlV. Images of 
the civil rights movement and the voice of 
Martin Luther King present a strong meso 

sage to viewers. 
This band has solid roots through their 

diverse musical talent and positive soda! 
message. Check out the show - it should 
be interesting to see if this message comes 

across in a live performance. 

see GROUPS, paQe 5 

• Come see new student art at 
the Annex Gallery. C. Love 
and Esther Barath will present 
their MFA show Feb. 27 
through March 3. 

• The paintings of San Diego 
artist Marie Du Barry will be 
displayed at the Grove Gallery 
from Feb. 21 through March 18. 
An opening reception will be 
held at the gallery on Feb. 24 
from 6-8 p.m., the public is 
invited . 

Du Barry actively painted out-

r Enjoy the Juidest, 
I Burgers in town I 

:2 1: I for I 
I I 

v f 
of La Jolla, Ocean Beach, the San 
Diego Harbor and many local 
picturesque landscapes. 

The Grove Gallery is open 
Tuesday through Thursday from 
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and on Satur-
day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m . 

• Sushi presents the Los 
Angeles Poverty Department 
(LAPD) in Juipitar 35, a true 
story about one of the company 
members, leRoy "Sunshine" 
Mills on Feb. 24 and 25 at Sushi 
at 8 p.m. each evening. Tickets 
are $10 genera l admission and 
$7 for Sushi members. For more 
information and reservations call 
235-8466. 

: Buy any hamburger, : The Dance Festival is directed by 
sandwich or gyros and Patricia Rincon and Margaret I get a second one I Marshall. 

II FREEl. II he Winter Dance Festival The low-tech program repre-T SWiris onto campus sents new works choreographed I I Saturday, Feb. 25 at ~ p.m. by dance students and selected JEFF'S BURGERS in the Mandeville Audit~ faculty. It explores modern, jazz, 
I 2152 Avenido De La Playa I rium. The program is presented ballet, and theater dance. 
I I by the UCSD physical education All tickets are general admis-La Jolla Shores 454-8038 sion at $3. Tickets are available L .J departmenr's Dance Program. . MuS! """""'! COUOO!\ E><pjres 3/2/89 . L-___________ -, at the UCSD Box Office or at 

the door on the night of the per-
formance. For further informa-
tion, call 534-4369. ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• r "''''''' 30 ~S ! 

!. 'WITH THIS AD 1 ~" \) rig- !. :t~::t~I~~~lo:~~~~tainment 
this week with local dance and 

• 
Wolff System . 2nd 30 Tan Days 539 Call for details • 

relax group Borracho y Loco 
.
--------------------------. L t 18" and guests Limbo Slam at 9:30 • ose Up 0 • p.m. The Rebel Rockers take 

•• .-n one sessl·on •• the stage on Feb. 25 at 9:30 p.m. Catch The Mighty Penguins at 
• $39 • 9 p.m. on Feb. 26 and don 't 
• European Body Wrap • miss the Mar Dels the next 
• Not a temporary water loss . Reduce cellulite . No exercise •• night at the same time. Fo Mo 
• LA JOllA 459·5165 TAN PACIFIC BEACH 581·9060 performs on Feb. 28 at 9:30 
•• SOLANA BEACH 259-3150 4 LISS SPORTS ARENA 297-WRAP.. p.m. For more information 

'Intro Mini Wrap-call for details EKpires3/ 2189 phone 481-8140. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 1 L-_________ --, 

Taste the 
Real DifJerenceTM 

FEATURE ITEMS TACOS SIDE ORDERS 
...... 11' __ 1I"'""""'"H""'"'"I" lHUlIII"I"II"'H'_'"' 

Taco Salad ..... ... .... $3.29 Taco .. .... .. . ..... , . ... 89¢ Mexi-Fries ..... , .... 89¢ / $1.39 
Taco Chips w/cheese .... $1.19 

Tostada Delight ....... $2.A9 Soft Taco Supreme . .. . . $1.89 T Ch' 59" 
aco IpS.... ..... .. .. " 

Chimichanga . ........ $2.69 Soft Flour Taco . .... .... $1 .69 Refritos ................. 99¢ 
Natural Super Taco .... $2.29 Extra Sour Cream ........ 35¢ 

.Super Nachos ... . ..... $2.A9 Extra Guacamole ....... 49¢ 
Taco Cheeseburger .... $1 .69 BURRITOS Extra Cheese . ... ........ 40¢ 

1111"H"""""""'""'"111 Extra Meat. . . . . . . . . . . . .. 65¢ 
Taco Land Meal . .. .... $2.19 Sour Cream w/Crisp Taco . . 15¢ 

Crisp Bean Burrito . .. . .. $1 .29 G 20¢ 
uacamole w/Crisp Taco . . 

Ranchero Salsa . . . . . . . .. 40¢ Chicken Fajita Crisp Meat Burrito . .. . .. $1.45 
Burrito Supreme ....... $2.59 

Soft Bean Burrito ..... . $1 .39 
Chicken Fajita Burrito .. $2.39 ~oft Meat Burrito ...... . $1 .99 

DESSERTS 
","""'"'"'"IIHIIIIIIIII 

Chicken Fajita Salad ... $3.89 Soft Combo Burrito ... .. $1 .79 Crustos ..... . ..... . ..... 59¢ 
Empanadas Free Drink Refills at time of purchase Casita Burrito .....•.... $2.69 (Cherry or Apple) .. . . .. . 89¢ 
r---------------------~ , 

Ralph's Convenience Center. Only 3 minutes from Campus! 

The UC D Theatre prt'so:nts Shanga K. Parker a.1 Gusman and Tom 
Nelis as Royce. 

Humanitarian Harmattan 
M ichad Erickson's play The Hurmattan, dealing with the consequences of American humanitarianism in a Third 

W orld country, will be staged at UCSD from Feb. 22-26, 
including a Saturday matinee, in the Warren Theater. 

Named after the searing desert wind that sweeps through Chad, 
Africa, from November to April, the play is based on the UCSD 
playwright's experiences in Africa as a U .S. Peace Corp worker . 

Tickets for The HarmatuJn are available from the UCSD Thea-
tre Ticket Office, TicketMaster outlets, the UCSD Box Office 
and from ArtsTix, for $8 general admission, $6 for seniors on 
week nights, and $5 for students. Call 534-4574 for information. 

• Chanticleer, the twelve-
member male a cappella vocal 
ensemble, performs on Feb. 27. 
Chanticleer, now entering its 
second decade, has a repertoire 
spanning five centuries. 

The concert will begin at 8 
p.m. at The Brown Chapel on 
the campus of Point Lorna 
Nazarene College. 

• Catch the Noon Seminar by 
Professor Hans-Christian 
Schmidt on Feb. 23 at noon in 
Erickson Hall 8-210. Schmidt 
will enhance drama 
through music and music 
through visual images in film . 
Admission is free . 

• On March 1 Sonor performs 
large ensemble pieces by Elliot 
Canter, Salvatore Martirano, 
and Gyorgy Ligeti in the UBa 
Auditorium. Admission is $6-
$3 and refreshments will be 
served. For more information 
call 534-3229. 

• Coming Attractions, the 
third ann ual dinner and cabaret 
will be held in the Mand ell 
Weiss Theatre on Feb. 26 at 
6:30 p.m. The cost for the event 
will be $50 per person. All the 
proceeds will be donated to the 
theater department SCholarship 
fund. For more information call 
534-4950. 

• Poet Brenda Marie Osbey 
will give a poetry reading on Feb. 
23 at 4 p.m. in the North Con-
ference Room of th~ Student 
CentlT. 

Osbl.·y has publi h~·d thn:e 
volumes of (,lll·try : Q'Tl'JllOny for 
Mtnne.:onJOux: Desl"-Tutl! I rcu rn-
stallce, Dall.~l'r()[tS Woman; and III 
Tlles,' HO!tSl·S. 

• The No:w \Xlriting Sene pre-
sents Alan Davies March I til 
the Revelle Formal Lounge at 
4:30 p.m. Th,· pOt·try readings 
art' free and wry relaxing, tor 
mOf,' in/orillali n tall 534-2533. 

-Compiled b ~abrina 
yuumans, arts editor 

u s 

o 

Am tOllOR 
SABRinA HOUffiAns 

HSSOCIAH Rm £OIIOR 
CHnlHIA CAffiPBHl 

HSSISIAnl RRIS fOIiORS 
PAm Jtr1ll 

DonoVAn P. ROCHl 

muSIC fOiIOR 
lRRRY WflnlRRUS 

o StolOR SlHH WRllfR 0 
ISHSUl f IImYI 

DWGn ConSULlHnl 
mlH[ mARlinfl 
[OVfR DESIGn 

IIR mUnORY 
o Slm WRI1ERS 0 

mARCI ARonOVIIZ 
R R 1 H UR ASH 
lAURA BAHfR 
PAm coom 

Jim GARY 
CHRIG]ln~ HU IZ RR 

JOHn HmnEY 
lAURA HnAPp 
JfH LRmBfIH 

PHil mHCGOVfRn 
mlH[ mAAllnfl 

LARA mlHAIR 
nAm mun ln ER 

SASCHA OGInI 
RICH RHODES 

JUlIE SonnlRG 
mn SUIUHI 

DEB f younG 

Dlllffi" ?I nUIlBI~ 8 D _I 

.' t1 I R 1 i I~; t [ R R I i q H ~j n i 9 8 9 



FIRST TIME IN AMERICAI 

r II 
R~cord Ratings ~. 
5-classi , 4-great " 

.: 3-good, 2-fair. I -poor ., 

The Fall 
The Fall 
I Am Kurious Oranj 
Beggars Banquet 

This album provides the music for the ballet, "I Am 
Curio us Orange," created by avantgarde dancer Michael 
Clark . The ballet is based on the life of William the 
Orange, a 16th century Dutch prince who overthrew 
KingJames II. The album itself offers doses of pop such 
as the song "Cab It Up." Yet the majority of the cuts 
consist of harder edges and the outsta ndingly in novative 
ust' of instrumt'nts (listen to the title track). 

Charlie Sexton 
Charlie Sexton 
MCA Records 

Enya 
Watennark 
Geffen Records 

Sister of the Irish folk Irock group Clannad, Eithne Ni 
Bhraonain (alias Enya) has created an album filled with 
overlapping sounds. By utilizing multiple vocals and 
creating perfectly pitched synthetic sounds, she has cap-
tured an etherial sense within her music. The cut "Ori-
noco Flow," with its catchy chorus , is the o nly cut with 
even a semi-rapid beat. The remainder of the songs wash 
over the listener as one track blends into another. Unfor-
tunately , the lack of alteration becomes monotonous 
after 20 minutes. 

Enya 

Yet another commercially slick, utterly poppy album by that tall, pasty rocker, Charlie Sexton. It is unfortunate 
that Sexton has fallen into the production hands of Tony Berg (known for his work with Broken Homes) and Tom 1.1 
Cadley. It seems that the proJucers formed a preconct'iwd notion of how Charlie Sexton should sound, then twisted ~ 
Sexton's natural talent to fi t this image. Too bad, becau e he is more than a competent guitarist. 

BANANARAMA RMINA STRING QUARTET WITH SPECIAL GUESTS 
6:00 8 SAT 
APR 1122 4TH AVENUE·DOWNTOWN 

DON'T MISS: MEUSSA ETHERIDGE· MARCH 4, CA L THEATRE 
Available a1 May Co .. Mad Jock·s. To .... er Records. Civic Box Office. Perkins ~~~"'!. Book Wexm. Arts Tix and the Aztec Center Box Office, To charge by phone call: 
278·nXS 

Haydn: Quartet in G Major, Op.76, No.1 
Beethoven: Quartet In F Major, Op.135 
Ravel: Quartet in F Major 

March 10, Friday, 8 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $15.00, UCSD St. $9.00 
UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

Presented by UCSD Unlvers~y Events & Student Actlv~ies ___ 

'I I I T I' I I I' J \ I ' 
,1 H 1 ! Itt tJ ~ 't' ,I. ' ," . 

l m Strange Neighbors: Weak Script, Strong Cast 

Mark Rumsfidd (Bruce Dem), RaYPL'teTson(Torn Hanks ) and Art Wdn-
Kartner (Rick Ducommun) shure a neiJ(hhorlyanecdote, 

by donovan p . roche 
assistant arts editor 

Everyone can relate to having strange neighbors on the block. You know, the ones 
who rarely set foot out the door to 
mow the lawn, collec t the mail , o r 
wash the ca r . Not that anything is 
wrong with keeping to yourself, 
but aren't those the kind of neigh-

Let the music speak "Talk Talk 's most ambitious outing yet" 
IIII.LIlOA II I) MA(;AZI E 

"SddO/H han-' I ht'<lrd , I rt'('ord as ill /O\ 't' with /H llsic <IS "Spirit of Edt'll " 
1ELODY MAKER 

" Tht'ir m()st IWill/lili.1 \\vrk I 'd" 
MliS IC WEE" 

TAlK TAlK 

SPIRIT OF mEN 

Sale Price: $6.99 LP/Cass $11.99 CD 
Hearing is believing "Spirit of Edell." 

The alhu m that defies musical categorization and trail -cends all 

musical harriers 

Explore 

....... , . 

TM PJrly" 0. .. , 
Includes '"lhIk 1lIIk" 

the 

Ir ', My Lif. 
Inclucks " h 's My Lire" 

evolution 

Th,. ColollrOrSpriug 
1ncludes 

OI L!] 
SpmtofEd~" 

I nc-Iucles ·' I'k.dre'· 

TALK TALK. 

" Life', Whlill You Mr.lce It " 
SALE ENDS MARCH 7th 

1IIIII~IIII111I1iO .. P_EIIIN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A YEAA~~ .... 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OPE N 10 AM TO 10 PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO ANNEX: 
3393 Kemper St. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SALES & RENTALS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

bors that usually wind up being 
ax murderers? ThiS is the premise 
behind Tom Hank s' new comedy, 
The 'hurhs. 

Hanks plays Ray Peterson, a 
suburbanite who plans to spend 
his vacation on a recli ne r in the 
serenity of his own backyard. 
Peterson's plans, however, are 
soon interrupted by the neigh-
borhood 's fascination with a new 
family on the block. 

Although the Klopeks have lived 
in their ramshackle house for a 
month , no one has ever seen them 
and the only noise emanating from 
the place is a strange machine-like 
roar coming from the basement. 

While Peterson tries not to 
jump to any conclusions, his more 
eccentric neighbors believe the 
Klopeks are up to something very 
fishy. Rick Ducommun plays 
Peterson's pesky pal , Art W ein-
gartner, who, through the turn of 

cul-de-sac has mysteriously dis-
appeared . There are igns of a 
struggle and his hairpiece has been 
left behind. Everyone knows that 
people don't1eavcwithouttheir hair. 

Do the Klopeks have anything 
to do with it? Is that the reason 
they were digging grave-sized holes 
in their backyard ta te one night? 
The 'burbs intend to find out. 

Unfortunately, this film is yet 
another case of great cast - poor 
script . All o f the characte rs, 
including Hanks' , are too one-
dimensional. Other than their utter 
fascination with the strange family 
living next door, we know little 
else about them. With the right 
script, these flat characterizations 
could be overlooked, but not in 
this case. 

The men's wives are stereotypi-
cal in every sense of the word and 
their connection to the plot line is 
virtually nonexistent. Rumsfield 's 

Tom Hanks and Carrie Fisher portray the average couple next door, 
events, becomes convi nced that 
the Klopeks are worshipping 
Satan. 

Joining these two men in their 
pursuit of finding out more about 
the Klopeks is Mark Rumsfield 
(Bruce Dern), a militant ex-soldier 
rarely seen out of his fatigues and 
Ricky Butler (Corey Feldman), 
the spaced-out neighborhood kid 
who c heers the men on and 
watches the events unfold from 
his porch. 

The ball really begins to get roil -
ing when Peterson and his cronies 
discover that the old man with the 
perfect lawn at the end of their 

wife (Wendy Schaal), is a n t.!x-
showgirl who wanders around in 
revealing shorts or a skimpy bikini 
while Peterson' s wife re tains 
common sense even after h er hus-
band has lost his . 

Why screenwriter Dana Olson 
didn't just write these two charac-
ters off as he did Weingartner's 
wife (on vacation outof town), I'1I 
never know. 

Even though Tom Hanks is 
indisputably one of the most nat-
ural , effortless comedic actOrs 
around, his few genuinely funny 
scenes (suspiciously improvisa-
tional in natule) cannot carry the 
weight of this picture. 

; '" • I •• I< .., ' H , 



" 

Hot Groups Coming and Going 
Continued from page l 

&.'r~ aJJl'd that th,' ,kclslons 
",hl.:h TP H milJ" for It,,'1t " 'lTl' 
the most crlKlal to th"ir rmurl' 
,1n,1 rhl'r"for,' th,' b",t on,'" 1m th,' 
band In g,'n,'ral. "B,lnJs ,Ir,' ott,'n 
smartn than ",,' gl\," thl'm Lrl',iat 
tor," he said . 

TIl<' coll, 'ctlon ot songs IS as 
.Ilwr " as th,' individuals \\'hl,h 
mah' up tho.' banJ, WIth thenll's 
tocuslng on variOus subJl',·ts fnm1 
Jrinking with your I'ar,'nts ttl the 
pleasures ot wat,hln).; your glrl -
trl,'nd undress . Thl' ,>Vl'rall tllnl' is 
m cyni.:all4uoJ hunlllr ,I"J a I'Il'a-
.;ant change from ,'wry,lay minJ-
It'sS hl'avy-meml . crl'amlng V,)ICl'S. 

"If I'm going to Writ,' about a 
situation that IS Jlsturblng, I'm 
gOing to try to makl' It tunny or 
makl' It unusual so that ml)rl' pt'o-
I'll' might get it, " I ht)\\' Berg 
~)(plalnl'J hiS formula lor wrinng 
all of tho.' band's songs. 

Thl formula held tru,' at tho.' 
r • .'rformanc,' when Bag, standing 
bl'nwen thl' female band nwmb,'rs 
Abbott and tanwyck , joked ro 
the auJience about the s,'xy vldl'oS 
frequently aired on MT . 

Berg explained that in ord,'r tor 
their new vldt'o, "HarJ to Laugh," 
to get :l1rnme that th,' ), should 
haw both women In bikinis hold-
Ing anotht'r scantily clad female 
hOrl:ontally ro porrray a guitar. 

" \X/l' could ,iraw string, down to 
l1l'r stomal'h :md I <"nul,1 u " Iwr 
I1h' ,I guitar. 

"AnJ lor the ",nnwn [vIl'wers] 

" ',' ,011"1 h,I\(' 11\,'n Jrl',sl',1 up as 
11lllrol'honl.'s whkh r..:ns anti U .'5-
li,' ""a1,1 hokl up and '111).; into." 

Think It wouki wmk , anyone? 

~IHTUS musIc TAIVIH QUIZ 
If you listen to the radio, records, CDs, tapes, or if ongs just 

play over and over inside your head, you hould enter the quiz. You 
could win a free record of your choice, The more you know, the 
more you win; an hour of radio time during hump time is the 
grand prize for the partiCipant who wins the most quizzes per 
quarter. Please ubmit your answers to the GliarulUn office by 
Monday after publication with your name and telephone number. 

ongratulations to last week's winner , Valerie Tihanyi. 

The Quiz 
1. What band performed in the film Rcpo Man! 
2, What band performed in the film The Hunl(er! 
3, Name one of the two bands who p,>rformed in the film 

Va /le)' GI r I! 
4, Who sang the song "Don't Box Me In" forthe film Rumble 

Fish! 
5. What Artist reates the music for the TV show The 

EqualizL'!'! 
Answers to last week' Quiz: 

I. Rapid Eye Movement 
2. Ladie Love Cool James 
3. Dave Evan 
4. Sol 
5. Prince Rogers Nelson 
6. ting used to wear a black and yellow striped hir!. so he 

picked-up the nickname "bumblebee," which transformed into 
"Sting, " 

~--------------------------FREE 
ELECTROLYSIS 
$30 VALUE (23 MINUTES) 

EYEBROWS 
UPPER LIP 

CHIN 
NECK 

BREASTS 
STOMACH 

LEGS 

For firat -time client • • Expire, 3 / 9 / 89 

ALEXANDER 
ELECTROLYSIS m 
For M en & Women. All Female Staff 
Specializing in problem cases 
and sensitive skin 
GOLDEN TRIANGLE - LA JOLLA 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 2121 
(behind Elephant Bar) 
CALL fOR APPT. 
558-0888 
~-------------------------~ 
DESIGNER CUTS Focus'" 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 

$1 000 MEN'S CUT 
$1450 FEMALE CUT 

with valid 1.0 . Styling is extra, Not va lid with other discounts. 

'~~r~ W-~ 
La Jolla Village Square - Mav Co. Mall 

Open: M ·F 10·9 p.m. SAT. 9·6 p.m . 455-1700 
SUN. 11 ·5 p.m . 

Enjoy authentic Indian CUisine In II relaxing and eIeQant. ~ informal atmosphere 
and experieIlCe flne dining overlooking ihe La JoIIe Cewe. 

. " 1nn(,r Southern California Restauram Wrtlers J'\ssociaLion Award. ' 
"excellent food and service" 

Ramola Mahajani 
Corporate Manager, Taj Group of Hotels, Bombay, India 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

1 ~ m #(!l)O;1/!SOm SpeCializing in Tandoori [. vegetarian dishes, 
mild to hot spicy curries & delicious Biryanies, 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch 11 :30- 2.30 
Dinner: 5:00 -9:30 CUISINE OF I D1A 

R ervations 454 6263 
JIt\oder ate Pnce . All mlljor credit 

cards are accepted 

8008 Girard Avenue, La Jolla 
(2nd floor comer of lower Girard and Prospect St.) 

r-----------------------, 
: 200(. OFF ;;~~~z~S~;~~ULTY : I Ie, AND ST AFF* I 
I . EXCLUDING FRI .. SA T , SUN. & /lOUDA YS I I Please preM!1lf ('oupon ",hen orderinx . I L _______________________ I 

"-

.. 

In summer, more is less. 

• ~\IOjT.o' c. 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u.~~'-!!--------------------

---ALLAMERICAN-MEAC-- ~ 
II 
II 

Quarter Pounder " wi th Cheese. Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh value: II 1/20 01 1 cent 

II II limit one coupon per II customer, per visit. Please 
present coupon when 

'Just $1 99 tl 
II ordering. Not valid with II any other offer, 

Goodthru 
April 16. 1989 

(plus tax) II 
Only at' II 

7i40 Miramar RcS,@ Son Diego 
1237 ProIpect 'N\ ~ 

La Jolla '-I-+. 
_iiiiiiii •• ii_.iiiiiii_ 

Northwestern University Summer Session '89 
Think or swim. 

2003 Sheridan Road Evanston, IWnois 602()8..26SO 

Save me • HIlt, Send me a free copy of the Summer Sessioo '89 caraIog with 
financial aid and registration Inlonnatioo (available mld·March), 
Please send the catalog to 0 my home, 0 my school, 

N;une 

School Addn'SS 

Save 20 percent on two courses, 25 percent on three or four. 
eny Stale ZIp 

Iklm< AddrtS> 

-Ccl)' ~Ie ZIp I 
M:ullhi~ coupon, or C".di1-80(HL'\1>S·Nt:; In tllinQI~ , (312) 49HlI<i 

5 ~ I R I US U8RlIRRY ~1 '~jHY 

From top to bottom: Superman; 
Wednesday, Eve of Tuesday; and 
The Cat Came Back. 

tThe Cat Came Back' -
Festivalof Animated Short Takes Returns 

by jim gary 
h iatus writ er 

And thus it was that I finally 
went to see thl: Ft.'stival of Anima-
tion, The Festival is a collecti n of 
animated sho rts, compiled by two 
mysterious characters named Mike 
and Spike, which to urs thl' coun-
try (perhaps it only tours ali for-
nia) like a vaudeville revue. R i~h t 
now it's at the La Jolla Mu cum of 
Contemporary Art until March 
30. 

So anyway, I paid my money, I 
walked into the theater, and I sat 
down , First thing that happens is 
th is goofy-looking dude with a 
belird o n the left side of his face 
and a mustache on the right side 
comes out o n stage and for about 
ten minutes recites a little mono-
logue about the Festival and the 
people who work fo r it and how 
much fun it is to be in the grea t 
metropolis of. urn , La Joll a, and 
since this is a matinee, make sure 
yo u yell obnoxiously at anyone 
entering late and openi ng the 
theater door beca use they're let-
t ing in so much light blah blah 

blah et cetera ct cetera ad infini· 
tum blah blah hlah . After the 
t'nthralling introduction, the Ii~hts 
Wl'nt out and tht' show startt'd. 

I am the sort or hip pe rson who 
assigns the appeal of animated car· 
toons to th se who an~ A) undl!r 
ten years of ag,' or B) computt'r-
nerd types who own all the Y t'S 
r<,cords. part their hair in the Cen-
tt'r anJ play Dungeons & Dragons. 

As such, although anima tion 
can be considered a viable art 
form, its subject matter is frl;!-
quenri y rcstricreJ to thl;! pubes-
n 'nt mentality common to the 
aforementioned ~roups . The re-
fort', tht' phrase "animated .:ar-
toon" provokes an evasive reac-
tion in hip people similar to myself. 

The Festiva l rei nfo rces this 
reaction , Full y half of the shorts 
incl uded in the program rely o n a 
urinating dog as a source of humor, 
Hilarious. Many of the others, 
although technically qualified, 
were obviously made by some 
eriously anal-retentive animators. 

And now for the review, 
First up was Superman, a mod-

From top [0 bottom: Primiti Too 
Taa, Tin Toy, and How to Kiss . 

nCKErsAWIILABLE AT 

. " ... ' , 
... . . . ': . t ·,,: " 

. ' 77CK.,~~ ... ., 
AT MAY COMPANY, MAO JACK'S, TOWER 

RECORDS, PERKINS BOOK WORM & ART'STIX 
TICKETM.STEA CHARGE (1111 271-TlXS 

AND AT IWlTICIPATING YAMAHA DEAlERS NO _ 'IIODalAllQRI 

• • 

" .. ' 
• • 

PRODUCED flY THE 
MICKEY THOMPSON ENTERTAINMENT GROUP 
FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL (619) 2B 1·1330 

~ + ! . • • • , . •• . . 

erately t'ntertaining piece com-
posed of original 1940s cartoons 
featuring the comic book super-
hero of that name. Then a couple 
of lame cutesy anal-retentive car-
toons (LCARs hereafter). 

Then there was a totally bit-
chin' paranoid one with these two 
old people eating soup, and they 
don't even, like, look out their 
window while all these gnarly 
things arc flyin' around outside, 
dude. 

Then twO good ones: Wednes-
day, Eve of Tuesday from Bulgaria, 
which was pretty fu nny and The 
Cat Came &ck which is probably 
the best animated short I've ever 
seen, but if you haven't seen it 
already you're laggin' 'cause it's 
been out for almost tWO yea rs. 
Then a couple mo re LCARs and 
then the intermission. 

After the intermis ion, I got to 
see Primiti T ()() Taa, done entirely 
on a typewriter and Tin Toy, fea-
turing state-of-the-art computer 
animation which. I am forced to 
admit, is pretty darn impressive, 

Then there was somethin~ called 
How to Kiss, which at six and a half 
minutes was six minutes and fif-
tct'n seconds too long for my lik-
ing, Plus a bunch 0' LCARs. Then 
they turned the lights on and I left, 
not without a lon~lng glance at the 
cute ~irl wh o had been sirting in 
front of me (although he had 
been with he r parents - always a 
bad sign.) 

So if you have an urge to attend 
the cinema, I can safely say that 
the Festival of Animation is more 
entertaining than Three FUl(itives 
or Twins. 

Beyond that, I can only add that 
the Festival i a yearly event and 
that the thrifty movie-goer might 
well be advised to wait 'til next 
time around, 

ALRl 'M REVIE\VS 
Continued from page 3 

Hugo Largo 
M ettle 
Opal R ecords 

New York based, the band Hugo 
Largo consists of a female vocalist, 
two bass players, and an electric 
violinist. Reminiscent of perform-
ers such as Japan and Kate Bush, 
Merr/e i a voyage into the experi-
mental realm of rock music , A 
sense of tension can be felt 
throughout the album. Especially 
good are " Halfway Knowing" and 
"Jungle Jim." 

Midge U re 
A nswers to Nothing 
Chrysalis Records 

The long awaited album by 
Midge UrI.' I not as strong as it 
could be. The lead vocaltst of 
Ultra vox, Ure has a g od voice 
coupled with weak lyrics. Ignoring 
that, it has its moments musically, 
su h as the guita r 010 on thl: 
album ' firs t Single, "Dear God." 
Per hap the best cut is" isrer and 
Brother" where Ure vocally spars 
with inger Kate Bush, 

p ~ , 

1 

-, 



8 Thursday, Februarl' 23, /989 

___________ ~ ___ E __ ~!D!!~RE ~----------
Alpha Project Allows San Diego 
Homeless to Help Themselves 
By JULIE HEIMLER 
ConlribUling Wrirer 

If you gh '! a man a fi h. you 
can feed him f or a day, If you 
teach a man to fish , he can feed 
himself for Ii/e, 

At a time when one of the ni -
ted States' main concern i the 
plight of thousand of homeless 
Americans , t hi mott o seem 
~sp~cially applicable to an organ-
~zatlOn 10 .San Diego whose goal 
IS to rectify the problem. This 
non-profit organization is called 
the Alpha Project for the Home-
Ie s, and, since its inception in 
1986, it ha been responsible for 
gell ing over 200 individuals off 
the streets of San Diego perman-
ently, by fi nd ing them jobs and 
low-income housing. 

volunteer at the Alpha Project, 
be~leves that the Alpha Project is 
go 109 10 be extremely succe ful 
because, as she puts it, " It is so 
logical; it is going to save the tax-
payers so much money a nd help 
the homeless si multaneously." 

Individuals are provided with 
job and job training programs 
that allow them to work right 
away. Work crew are organized 
into group of 15 to 35 individuals 
in ca rpentry, landscaping and tree 
trimming earning five to seven 
dollars an hour. 

Another aspect of the program 
is that , becau~e many ind ividuals 

"None of the free 
shelters and free food 
lines m ake use of 
these people's am-
bitions. " 

access at the Alpha Project head-
quarters so that potential em-
ployer will be a ble to reach them. 

The organization has been f~­
nancially upported by McElroy, 
volunteers , and by organizations 
such as South of Broadway 
Women's etwork. McEl roy 
was, however, the sole financia l 
supporter when he firs t crea ted 
the program. 

McElroy, a former fullback for 
the New York Giants, first disco-
vered the extent of the homeless 
situat ion when he was in down-
town San Diego waiting for a 
friend an d encountered three 
homeless men living in bushe . 

A~ter spending four hours talking 
wllh them, he realized that they 
were not "bums," as he once had 
thought, but human beings with 
fee lings. This revelation led Mc-
Elroy to have a strong desire to 
help the homeless. 

Bob McElroy, executive direc-
tor of the program, believes that 
programs which provide tempor-
ary food and shelter only offer "a 
band-aid solution to the prob-
lem"; they are not permanent 
solutions for the homeless. Ac-
cording to the philosophy of the 
~Ipha Project , as McElroy views 
It , people must be helped to break 
free of the endless cycl e of free 
shelter and food line that he says 
enables the ho meless to stay 
homele s. 

- Bob McElroy 
He tarted off working out of 

the trunk of his car passing out 
sa ndwiches to the homeless. He 
even had ideas about opening his 
own homeless shelter downtown. 

The Institute of the Americas serves as a cultural and political forum 
between the U.S. a nd Latin America. 

have lost hope or motivation, 
group support meetings (such as 
Narcotics Anonymous and Alco-
holics Anonymous) are held week-
ly. 

McElroy soon realized that al-
though providing the homeless with 
food and shelter would benefit 
individuals temporarily, it would 
not help break the cycle of home-
Ie sness. For a more permanent 
solutio n, McElroy designed the 
Alpha Project. 

Institute oj the Americas 
Provides Int'l Forum 

He maintains that " one of 
the free shelters and free food 
line make use of these people's 
ambitions ... 

A s an alternat ive, McElroy has 
designed the Alpha Project so 
that individuals are taught skills 
which will give them the incentive 
to get back on their feet and sur-
vive independently again. 

Kathleen Ritzman, a UCSD 

. $1.00 OFF 

The Alpha Project also helps 
establish a savings account and 

mo~ey ~anagement counseling 
fo r 1IS clients. Because the clients 
live in the transitional housing 
that the Alpha Project provides 
and have no permanent addre s, 
they are also provided with a 
mailing address and telephont: 

The length of the participants' 
tay ranges from four to six 

months, depending on how q uick-
ly t hey are able to feel comfort-

See ALPHA, page 9 

By MAUREEN SPURR 
SIa,ff Wrirer 

E veryone passes it, proba bly half of them look at it but 
few people know what'it is. 

!t 's a little ironic that its purpose 
IS to "reach out." 

AutO?OmOlis and independent, 
the Inst il ute of the Americas sits 
quietly overlooking the "Del Mar 
Sur" parking lot on the north end 
of Third campus. 

It is a type of foreign affairs 
institut io n, unique in its objec-
tives , which " helps you reach 
out to the rest of the world ," said 

I I Ambas ador Paul H. Boeker 
I nstant : president of the In tit ute of th~ 
I I Americas. The focus of the insti-
I Passport I tute is to bring greater attention in 
I the United S ta tes a nd Latin 

I
I Photos I: America to major is ue and pro b-

lems fa cing these countries. 
I No appOintment necessary. , The Institute works toaid in the 
lOne coupon per customer. • understanding between the Uni-
I. k.-nl.o.s' ,I ted States and Latin America in ft view of their deepening relation-
1 I ship. This relations hip includes 

Hemisphere and the Pacific R im. 

tional politicians, local business-
men, and other members of the 
community," when she worked at 
the Institute her sophomore year. 

" I was loving it," Ramirez said 
with a smile. She met the presi-
dent of Argentina Raul Alfinsin, 
when he spoke at the Institute two 
years ago. Cuahutemoc Carde-
nas, a presidential candidate in 
the most recent Mexican elections 
also spoke at the Institute whe~ 
Ramirez worked there. 

Ramirez feels that st udents ca n 
benefit from the experiences of 
the professors who work with the 
Institute. "These people have been 
there," she said . 

Of greatest interest to students 

"The Institute helps 
you reach out to the 
rest of the world " 

- Paul H, Boeker 
President 

I
I open 24 hours II all of the countrie of the Weste rn 
I 457 3 ' Senior Julia Ramirez said s he are the events se t up by the Insti-
I - 775 I had the opportunity "to deal on a lUte. Speakers, which include dis-
L---_______ __ .J one to one basis with interna- tinguished world leaders and U.S . 

.... 
-------- - ___ _______ _ __________________ ---. policy figures , are often ho ted by 

the I nSlitute. 

YE 
A HEAD 

H AIRCUTS 
by Christina and Anthony 

WOMEN $17 
(reg. $25) 

MEN $14 
(reg. $19) 

f ur oppomllllelll , p lpOJP ( 011 457·2930. 8950 Villa La Julia 0,., 
SUo 2120, La Jolla (behind L1 TorilO dlreclly oeros ramp.) 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HA VE EXCELLENT 

A UTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' A gnessa InsuTance A gency 

784 1 Balboa Ave. teo 21 5 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

E 

The In titute of the America 
wa inaugurated in November of 
1984 after being conceived by 
U.S . bu~inessmen Theodore E. 
Gildred, who was born in Latin 
America. The building was con-
structed with the financial aid of 
the Gi ldred Foundation of San 
Diego, and sub equently donated 
to the University. 

The downstairs level of the 
building houses the Latin Ameri-
can program , such as the Center 
for U . . -Mexican studies. 

The Institute is an independent, 
non-profi t organization with it 
own taff, budget, programs, and 
board of governors. It does not 
hold formal cia ses, but teache 

See INSTITUTE, pale 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

Institute of the Americas 
Continued from page 8 
students through eminars and 
event . It i involved with the 
University in that aspect, as well 
as involvi ng University faculty in 
programs and policy research. 

The Institute sponsors projects 
on major issues such as hosting 
speakers a nd holding executive 
workshops and conferences. In 
addition, it sponsors issue brie f-
ings by prominent ex perts of 
interest to busine ses in the com-
munity. It creates a setting for 
catalytic dialogue between U .S. 
decision-makers a nd prominent 
Latin America ns. 

The I nstitute a lso generates 
publications which address U .S. 
and Latin American issues . Boeker 
hopes to build up the Institute's 
role in terms of publications and 

looks forward to the coming 
period ica l, Latin American 
Trends, which will be issued every 
other month . T hese publication 
will be a result of Professor Lee 
Tablewski's effort. 

On March 15 Carlos Nino, 
Advisor to the Pres ident of Ar-
gentina and head of the Counci l 
for Consolidation of Democracy 
will speak at 4 p.m. at the insti-
tute. March 16 will feature Diego 
Asce ncio, chairman of the Com-
mission for the Study of Interna-
tio nal Migrat ion and Coopera-
tive Economic Deve lopment , 
speaking on "Problems on Immi-
gration." This will be a luncheon 
speech at the Omni in downtown 
San Diego. "The Economic Crisis 
in Latin Amerca" will be the topic 
of the lecture given by Ambassa-
dor Moreria of Brazil on April7 . 

Alpha Assists Homeless 
Continued from page 8 
able enough to survive independ-
ently. When they reach this point , 
individuals are encouraged to find 
permanent housing. Many times, 
this is facilitated by sharing hous-
ing costs with individuals they 
have met through the program. 

According to McElroy, the pro-
gram is "not your ordinary non-
profit orga nization that depends 
on tax dollars to operate. We've 
gotten over 100 people off t he 
street with a budget of S 16,000 
that's come out of my own pocket 
. . . we figure we've saved taxpay-
ers over forty thousand dollars in 

welfare payments." 
Although the homeless situa-

tion in America is a huge prob-
lem, McElroy is proof that there 
are definite solutions that are ex-
tremely successful. The Alpha 
Project for the Homeless is clearly 
one of these solutions. With ten-
tative plans for expansion in the 
city of EI Cajon, perhaps other 
American cities will follow McEl-
roy's lead and help to get as many 
homeless individuals off the streets 
and back on their feet as soon as 
possible. 

Students interested in contact-
ing the Alpha Project for the 
Homeless can call 234-3041 . 

FEATURES Thursday. February 23, /989 

6010 
MEDICAl. SCJ OOt 

tUItlOI, 
PA\D 

Fi nd o ut how you can have your medical school tuition , required books and 
fees pa id in full - plus ea rn more than $600 a month whi le you atten d school . 

Cl ip and mail the coupon below, and we 'll send you lull details on the Armed 
Forces Health Professions Scholarship Program. 

We ' II tell you how you could qualify for a PhySic ian's Scholarsh ip from the 
Army, Navy or Air Force . 

11 selected, you 'll not only beat the high cost 01 medical school, you 'll also gain 
valuable med ical experience serving on active duty 45 days each school year as 
a c omm iss ioned oHicer in the Reserves . 

Alter graduation, you ' ll serve three yea rs or more - depend ing on the Service 
you select and the level 01 scholarship assistance you receive- as a respected 
Armed Forces physician . You'll also get good pay. regular hours, great benelits 
and the chance to work with a variety of patients and the latest medical 
technology. 

If you meet the age requ irements noted below lor the Service of your choice-
and want to cut the expense of medica l school - send for more information today. 

--------• YES. Send me lull deta,ls on how the Armed FOlces Health Profess,ons Scholalsh,p Proglam 
• can help cut my med,cal school eKpenses I meet the age lequl/ements noted below 

I unders1and I am under no obllgauCln I 
I 
I 
I 

Ma,l th,s coupon to Armed Forces Scholarsh,ps. PO BOK 2865 
Huntington Stat,on. NY 11746·2t02 
Check up to three 0 Army 

(1&-J5_ ..... , 
Please pftn l all mtormallon clearly and complele1v 

9014 
o AirForu 

0 .. 34 yo ... ollgl) 

Name--;", .. =" ___ __ ,..,. ... =''',,,. ,,,,""""'------:,.,.,,,-:-, _ _ Male Female 
Addte ss _ _ _____________ Apt fI ___ __ _ 

C,tv'-;:::;:::;::::;-;::;::::;::::;-;::;::::;:::::;: State lip I I I I I I 
Phone I I I I I I I I LI -'--'--L[....J] SOC Sec No I I I CD I I I I I 

A, .. Coda Nl,lmbef 
College ______________ Blrth Date CD D=:J CD 

Mo ~ '-. , 
F,eld 01 Studv _____________ Gradu.lton OaleL1-J [IJ 

Mo "'.f 
The informatIon you voluntarily prOVide Wi ll be used tor recrultmtJ purposes only The mort: complele 11 'S, tne 
ben" we can respond to yOur request IAuthorlty 10 USC SOli 

~-------

., 

I 
I 
I 
I 

.. 

NNIFER HAS AN J8GLY SECRET. · · 

9 

... 1 

,. 



I • 

,-

10 Thursdal'. Fehruary 23. 1989 • 

________ s_~~~3-S--------
Triton Golf Team Expects 
A nother Successful Season 

After Slow Start, Women's Tennis in Control 

UC'SD Obliterates Westmont 
By A.c. LEE 
lalf Wriler 

A total of over 15.000 spec-
tators, not includi ng the tclevi-
sion audience, howed up la t 
weekend at t he Torrey P ine 
Golf Cour e 10 watch the 
annual PGA tour. The UC D 
golf team, on the ot her hand. 
which represents a st udent 
body of o\'er 15.000 students, 
ha had only a handful. at best , 
of spectators over the past four 
years. Thegolfteam has placed 
second in the nation three time 
out of the four years of the golf 
program and ha proved it elf 
an excellent part of UCSD's 
athletic department. The sad 
part is : nobod) e\'en cares. 

Head coach M ike Wydra 
said th at thi yea r' team seem 
to be j ust as st rong as in pn:-
vious year. wit h a determined 
attitude and a powerful drive. 
Coach Wydra also said that 
although the team is very 
young, with two sophomores 
and one fre hperson. it imply 
needs a little time to olidify 

a nd receive support fro m the 
student . 

Thi ' year' sq uad is headed 
bv senior Ed T ishcler, who 
\I;ound up in fourt h place last 

riday at the Whispering Palms 
I nvi tat io nal. Backing him up 
are Devin Thomas. Mi ke 
Rei nhardt. ary Bo ng. Fritz 
Reber. Mike Ro bert, and 

cott • tringfellow. 
The frito n • bi gge t tourna-

ment this year wi ll be the 48th 
an nual out hern Californ ia 
Tournament. held at the Tor-
rey Pines Go li Course o n 
March 3 and 4. Golf power-
houses C UC Irvi ne, and 
various other teams will all 
com pete for the right to pos-
sess the $15.000 ~ilver trophy 
for a year. 

CSD batt le La Verne at 
Sierra La Ve rne Country Club 
today. bu t Wyd ra commented 
that t he match agai nst Cali-
fo rn ia tate Unive rsity San 
Bernardino (A pril 17) would 
be the most crucial match. fo r 
it could po sibly decide playoff 
berths at the end of the season. 

By DAVID POT I HA 
Slalf Wrill'r 

Rebounding is usually left to 
the basketball tea ms at CSD. 
but rebound is exactly what the 
wo men's tenni team has done 
recent l . After a tough loss to 
Pomona-Pitzer over a week ago, 
the team has sufficient ly recovered 
from its midterm blues a nd has 
won th ree tra ig ht. mo t rece ntly 
demolis hing Westmont College, 
8- 1. o n Tuesday. 

O f th e 20 set · played (in nine 
varsity matches a nd one practice 
match between the number seven 
players) UCSD lost o nly two, 
both in Kristen Diels' losing 
match. O verall in ga mes, the 
Tri to ns overpowered Westmont 
116-39. Diels' loss marked the 
Tri to ns' firs t varsity loss and the 
only two sets d ropped in their last 
three outi ngs. T he meet was over 
rela tively quickly, lastingj ust over 
two ho ur. 

Coac h Liz La Plante was "very 
plea ed" wi th what she aw. She 
th ought "everyone played well" 
and fel t Westmont's "number 
three player was exceptionally 

Undefeated Lacrosse Overtakes Aztecs 
Four Goals in Fourth Quarter Gives UCSD 5-0 Record 

By SCOTI PR EGE RSON 
Contributing Wriler 

Last night the men's lacros e 
team went up against the Division 
I SD U Aztecs in an attempt to 
hold on to its undefeated season. 
Although the Tri tons had pre-
viously defea ted DSU 3-0 in a 
pre-season scrim mage, thi game 
was a challenge for the Tritons to 
see if they could hold up playinga 
revenge-hungry lOp-rate team. 

Indeed, the Tri ton (5·0) passed 
the test. ou t la~ting the Aztecs in a 
teeth-grinding 11·10 win. UC D 
Head Coach Bruce Seill com-
mented a~ter the game that he 
"couldn't a k any more of the 
team" and that " they now have 
the right to claim t hem~elve~ a~ 
the best in Sa n Diego." 

I n this seesaw baltle, no one 
team was ever able to take com-
plete cont rol. The nail-biter bega n 
with an immediate SD U goal. 
but the T ri to n retaliated wit h 
two sco res of their own. By the 
end of the half. UCS D eemed to 

havl; swung the tempo in it favo r 
by pulli ng even from a 5-3 defi cit. 

H owever. t he pace creat ed by 
CS 0 in the end of the fi rst ha lf 

did not carryover int o the begin-
ning of the second. . 

G.t Away - Sophomore Juan 
Milian escapes an attem pted 
Aztec check. 

T he angry A ztecs took the lead 
again a nd remained ahead 9-7 
until the last quarter. The Triton 
then ran off four consecutive goals 
to take the lead 11-9. Goalie J oe 
Brown held off a nd shut down the 
S DS U attack in the end and 
wa lked away with 18 saves, wh ile 
Doug haddle and Brad Bunten 
supplied the last t wo clutch goal . 

In the final moments of the 
game, the Aztec managed to 
squeeze in one shot to cut the lead 
to 11 - 10 with 47 seconds left to 
pl ay. The fin a l seconds were 
extremely uspenseful , but the 
Tritons held on and esta bli shed 
thei r 5-0 record . 

Att ackers Juan Milla n a nd 
Bunten each got hat tricks, a nd 
Shadd \f" scored twice. Chad Tay-
lor a nd John Rentzipa eac h con-
tributed a goal. 

Sta rt ing defe nse players Sven 
Hay nie, Charles Leslie, and Drew 
Rey no lds worked hard for the 
victo ry with tough hits and ag-
gressive sticking. 

T he Tritons host UC Irvi ne at 7 
p.m. o n Friday. 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 
What Who When 

Baseball (M) CAL BAPTIST Feb. 23 2:00 p.m. 
Basketball (W) SOUTHERN CAL. COLLEGE Feb. 24 6:00 p.m. 
Basketball (M) MENLO Feb. 24 8:00 p.m. 
Crew (M) SDSU, USD, L. MYMT(Scrim.) Feb. 26 7:00 a.m. 
Fencing (M & W) at Long Beach State, UCLA Feb. 25 10:00 a.m. 
Golf La Verne Feb. 23 1 :00 p,m. 
Softball (W) at US D (Doubleheader) Feb. 25 12:00 p.m. 
Swim and Din (M) Pac. Collegiate Swim Conf. Meet Feb. 23-25 all day 
Tennis (W) CLAREMONT- CRIPPS Feb. 24 2:00 p.m. 

at Cal Sta te San Berna rdino Feb. 25 11 :00 a.m. , 
Track & Field (M&W) at al Tech Invitational Feb. 25 11 :00 a.m. 

at Long Beach Relays e b. 26 10:00 a. m. 
Volleyball (M) SANTA CLARA Feb. 25 9:00 a.m. 

Kristen Diels lunges for a backhand in a ct ion e arl ier this yea r. 

strong, a nd may be belonged at 
the number two spot. " 

The number three match pitted 
D iels against Lelisa Wolter , and 
t he latter emerged victorious, 6-4, 
6-3 . Julie Berman, the usual 
number three player, was suffer-
ing from illness, so the ladder was 
bumped up one spot from the 
three position down. Diels, accus-
tomed to playing number four, 
had to play one rank higher than 
usual. However, Nancy Calhoun, 
who played in the number two 
slot , felt that Diels would have 
" beaten Westmont 's number twO 
player. .. their number three was 
really strong." 

The match was not very diffi-
cult for the Tritons, and top-
seeded Christine Behren felt 
Westmont was "not as good as 
they were last year." Calhoun also 
said the team was "not as strong 
as we expected. " 

Calhoun added that she felt the 
team played well enough to win. 
"We seem to play to the caliber of 
our opponent. When they are 
good , we play good, and when 
they aren't so tough, we play just 
trong enough to win." 

LaPlante felt that the women 
have "come around since the 
Pomona loss and shouldn't lose 

See W. TENNIS, page 11 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 

Favorite 
PISTONS 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Sporls Editor 

(Phil is currently 13-6-1) 

NBA Basketball 

Spread 
33* 

Underdog 
Clippers 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... The motto for this year's 
L.A. Clippers basketball team is "Look Who's Run-
ning in '88-'89." So I decided to take a look. Guess 
what? I've never seen so much running in my life. The 
coach makes this team run laps after it loses. With a 
brilliant 11 -42 record, there's no doubt this team is 
getting a good workout. And there's a great deal of 
running around on the court , too . It's fun to watch the 
Clippers chase opposing teams all around the arena. 
They never catch anybody, but who cares? The point 
is, they're getting good exercise for the future. Future? 
Okay, okay, I'll stop mitigating this budding dynasty. 
Let's face it: Sunday's 4 p.m. game against the Detroit 
Pistons could be very clo e. Close, that is, to the 33 
point spread the people in K ingsbridge recently 

AXed me. So clo e, in fact , that the Clippers may 
have a chance to beat the pread. Hey, I'm gonna get a 
little crazy; I'm gonna go out on a twig for this one. 
Phil is ju t going to have to ay .. . 

TAKE THE CLIPPERS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Triton Sports Update 
Baseball 
Anthony Sanchez' acrifice fly 

in the seventh inning, scoring 
pinch-runner Kevin Gelbard , 
aved an otherwise frustrating 

weekend as UCSD managed to 
salvage one of the game of the 
doubleheader against Cal State 
San Bernardino, 2-1. After losing 
16-3 to San Francisco State the 
previous day, the Tritons fell 6-5 
to CSUSB in the first game of the 
twin bill before raising their record 
to 4-3 in the second game. 

Mike Morgan (2-1) took the 
first game loss for the Tritons 
while Dan Blanchett (2-0) got the 
win for San Berna<!ino. UCSD's 

Dave Ligerman homered, and 
both he and Hcnry J imene7 had 
two run balled in . 

In the econd ga me, Rick Rup-
ney (2-0) went the distance for 
UCSD, allowing only three hits in 
handing CSUSB (6- 1) its fir t 
defeat of the season . 

Cyeling 
In Saturday'sJamul Road Race 

in and around the EI Cajon area, 
UCSD finished second through 
consistent placing. Sunday's 
SDSU fraternity row competition 
opened with members of many of 
California's best collegiate teams 
setting the pace. Surprisingly, 
UCSD managed to overcome 
numerous crashes to wind up in 
third place. 

• Free Pregnanl'Y Testing 
• Earl,· Pr~!\nanl'1' T('~ting 
• I)regnanc~' lermination 
• General or I.ocal Aneslhesia 
• Afford~hle Birth Control 
• Di3gnosis 8: Treall1lent 

of St'xuall~ 
Tr3nsillilled Diseases (STDs) 

Call the College Line 
619'535'1379 

for Studt'nt l)is('ount 

Family Planning Associates 
Medifal Group 

= Oflict, rhrllu~hllul Soulhtrn Calirornia 

The WJrld Is Still 
The Greatest_~ 

OfAI1 
Applications are now being accepted 
for the University of Pittsburgh· 
sponsored Semester at Sea. 

Each fall or spring loo·day odyssey 
aboard the American ·built S.S. Unive~ 
literally offers you the world. 

You can earn 12 -15 transfe,.ble units 
from your choice of more than 50 lower and 

upper division courses, while ca1Jina upon 
places as culturally diverse as Japan, Hong Kong, 
India, Thrkey, the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia 
and Spain. 

It is a learning adventure designed to 
transform students of every color. race and 
creed into true citizens and scholars of 
the world. 

For rull information, Including a catalog Utd appUcatlon, call 
1-800 -854·0195/1-412 -648-7490 In PA. Or write Semester at Sea, 
lnatltute for Sbipboard Edueadon, 
University or Pitt8burgh, 
2E Forbes Quadrangle, 
Pitt8burgh, ~nnsylvaa1a 
15260. 

Then prepare for the 
learning adventure of 
your life. 

SEMESTER AT SEA 
Information and Video Presentation 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 4 PM 
FIFTH COLLEGE, PEPPER CANYON LOUNGE 

SPORTS 

w. Tennis 
Continued from page )0 
any more games. " The Tritons 
currently own a 3-2 record . 

According to LaPlante, Chris-
tine Behrens, currently top-ranked 
nationally, performed well. "She 
was down 5-3 in the second set 
and from that point on she played 
consistently," LaPlante pointed 
out. 

Thursday, Fehruary 23, 1989 II 

Both Calhoun and Behrens 
lamented that it would be nice to 
have more fan support. Behrens 
said she "wants more spectators." 
and Calhoun said "spectators 
make us play better. " 

UCSD hosts Claremont-Scripps 
on Friday at 2 p.m. 

Rimas Vzpris l Guardian 
H.ade Up - John Toman baff les a de fender with a hoo king 

bac khand. UCSD (3-3 ) defeate d CCCP a t the Winter Colleg iate 
Tournament,1 3-9. 

"lAi~ 
G~?FliCS 

~d~ at a jvcit» JIOU uwu/d ,ywutfo 
arl/~ 1uWt-ad. g~~// 
~~at~{UU~~. 

Men's Cuts .. ... .... . $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $19.00 

Women's Cuts ... . $5 OFF ' 
With This Ad Reg . $24.00 
With: Marlo, Jillou, or Debl 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

AIFS has 3 to 12-week educationa l programs based at universities and colleges 
in Great Britain, Australia , China, France, Italy, the Soviet Union a,nd Spain. 
Or select a traveling program such as Classical Civili zation (Athens, a cruise , 
Delphi, Sorrento, Pompeii, Rome), Finance and Marke ting in the common 
market (London , Brussels, Bonn, Strasbourg, Lucerne, Paris) or Foundations 
of Western Art (London, Amsterdam, Venice , Florence , Paris, Rome). 
Fees are as low as $1999 including round trip air fare, accommodations, meal 
tuition , transcript. 

AN UNFORGETTABLE EOUCATIONAL EXPERIENCE! 
Language • Art • Business • Performing Arts • Studio Art • History • Philosophy 
Naml _________________________________ _ 

Slreel _______________ __ 

City ______ 51111 Zlp __ _ 

Ptlonl 

PIIISt Slild mt IlIItmIatlOtl 011 YOUI 
colle •• summ.r programl 

ProGram of Interttt ___________ _ 

~ (800) 727-AIFS 
American lnatttut. For Foreign Study . 
102 GREENWICH AVENUE· Dept. SUM 
GREENWICH. CT 01830 UCASO 



12 Thursday, February 23, 1989 

.\. 

• 

..... 

• 

1. Buy a Macintosh. 

2. Add a peripheral. 

3. Get a nice, fat check. 

Now through ~larch )1 . when you bur selected ,\lacilll~h 'SE or ,\lacintosh 11 computers, you'll get 
a rehate for up to half the sugge~ted retail price of the Apple' peripherals you add on - 0 you'll save up to S800. 

Ask for detail ' today where computers are sold on campus, 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 

534-4291 
( 19J19 AfrJIt {nm/iuler I"c AfJf!'t· IN AlP'/tf.:f' mill 1I/~ ml,tih (In' "X,o;Jenxilrr"Ii."ylrlc. If A/fJlt' ('ompu/t'r 1m ( (''rim" nm IhmJ ~¥(II.' All n'hiUer suhjt'llln ~ (run'l"ltmc(' 

.1Ih Iht r ......... rd (mld,I""" 'I/Iht ,i{1f'I;./lm ""If /'"III"lm I,,,,,/'o/ml:> (J"rr/olW pnm I-uuiJxrn:1Y1 AI,'" n:stl"-~ fJj}t'-'OO u ....... fi"JblhrJ<d by fall , 

, f 

Thursday, February lJ, 1989 13 

CLASSIFIEDS 
____________________________ ~VcrD~~~~----------------------__ _ 

Cilaailled IdvlI1lalllll li IOId In lS·word lner.mlllla. 
The rll. p.r 15 wordl II 51 lor , Iud.nl,. 53 fer 
Ilcully Ind lilli, Ind 54 lor DIIIeri. Plylllllll In 
Idvanc, I. required: 1hIrIf ... , Idl mUll be 1111l1li 
willi I clllc;k IPlyllJ1I to till ueso &Ulrdlanl or 
prlllnlld In perlin. Pi .... IIIv ... ICI chillii', 
IINdlllWllrl 4 ,.111. TllundlY lar landIY', laUi. 4 
p.m . ...... Y lor Tlluredly', 1_ The GUIrdIIII 
rtIIMI till rlglllll ntu .. any IdvII1lling IlIClutI· 
Ina IIuIllllllllitH .. I:IIIIIIIRloII&lIIp Ida. F.- lin 
InI.lIIIIllII, 1:111 &34-54ll Tilt Bulrdlln. ucsa, .. 
OI'lI.IIIlI, CA II2GI3. 

Credll for Your Old Tesls
' 
We pick up! Hyper· 

learning, an Innovative IUlonal program In La 
Jolla Village (Iusl soulh of UCSD), IS paying 
$I /class (up to Sf O/ studenl) lor old lesls, syl· 
labl. and course/secllOn handouls for all Malh. 
PhYSICS, Chem. and Blo classes. We believe a 
PubliC Tesl B ank l Handouls File IS Ihe only falf 
way 10 e1iminale Ihe selective advanlage of Ihe 
Old lesl underground. and ImproYe Ihe general 
quality of supplements available in Ihese 
classes If you need 10 keep your onglnal~, we 
will accept pholocoples. All sludenl wrillng Will 
be eliminaled Irom our file caples T esls and 
handools from Ihe last lour years are particu· 
larly deSlred. Jusl call 546·8273 and leave a 
message. We'll gel back 10 you and arrange a 
convenlenl pick up lime Thanks! (We'lI photoc-
opy your lesl s for free and relUrn Ihe onginals 10 
you.)(3/6) 

Flflh ReSldenl AdVISor appllcallons now availa-
ble! Pick up relerral al Career Services Dead· 
line 2/ 23/ 89 534-2261 (2123) 

Sa"1ba Classes! Thursday eyenlngs allhe Che 
Cafe PercusSlon 6· 730, Dance 7.30·9 p.m 
(3/2) 

Take bad notes? Do poorly on lesls? TUlors On 
Tap IS oNellng 2 workShOps In NOielaklng and 
Tesl-Taking Techmques on Tuesday, February 
28 Call 466·9686 for delails (2/23) 

Money" Money" Lois of Full lime or pari lime 
available, SellOUS only please (619) 558· 
2087.(2/23) 

The CirCUS IS Coming" Sidewalk CIICUS Will per-
form on Man .. Feb 27 In Revelle Plaza al noon 
JOin Ihe crowd for some genlle lun In one mar· 
velous hour, Sponsored by Ihe ONlce of Rell· 
9'OUS Aftalfs(2 /23) 

Allend a free public speaking workshop March 
2nd, 7 p.m In USB 2722.(2/23) 

51h commuters JOIn us as we hear a diSCUSSion 
on Issues In Cenlral Amenca Meel Tues, Feb 
28 in Ihe CommUier Lounge al 6 IS (2123) 

Semesler al Sea info session TODAY al 4 pm 
in Ihe Pepper Canyon Lounge Come meel rep 
Jeanne Kelley and find oul how you might go on 
Semsler al Sea nexllall or Spring. Sponsored by 
Ihe Opportunlhes Abr'oad Office (2/23) 

Boslon Unlverslly Inlernshlps In London, Paris, 
Washlnglon come meel represental lYe Jane 
Aosenberg 10 learn how you mlghl partlclpale In 
Boslon U's academiC Inlernshlp programs 
abroad and In Ihe US Info also ayailable on 
Boslon sludy abroad programs in Oxford, Spain, 
France, lIaly, Ihe USSR. Greece, and Turkey 
Monday, Feb. 27, t ·2 pm In Ihe Inlematlonal 
Cemer Lounge. Sponsored by Ihe Opporlunllies 
Abroad Office (2 /23) 

Word Processing, Siudeni Aales. 7 days a 
week, Excellenl EngliSh Skills 755·2683 (4/6) 

TYPING / WORD PROCESSING wllh Laser 
Prlnllng Low COSIICrm papers. lheses. resumes 
Fasl

' 
NADINE 5780496 (3/ 13) 

TUTORING A proven melhod lowards beller 
grades Reasonable rales All subjecls For 
apPolnlmenl call 755·2669 (4/3) 

MACINTOSH SEAVICE CENTER Component 
le.el repalf. FREE eSllmales reasonable rales, 
weekendsOK' E G analog board $99w/exCh, 
+ I Meg R~M for . / SE /II 5380 40 Meg HD lor 
SE 5470 128 / 512 upgrades available Next 10 
UCSD. approved vendor PO 5 ok CALL 
COMPUFIX 535·0930 Buy Broken Macs

' (2/27) 

AulO Ins AliernallvA, surely bond, $350 yr 
secured. regardless 01 record, no of cars 
456·7984 (2127) 

Olga Ban EleClrologlSI 1200 10 t 500 hailS per 
hour 325t Holiday Court, SUite 203A Siudeni 
D,scounls. (619) 558·4644, (619) 226-1952 
(3 / 13) 

NOW is Ihe lime SUMMER IS the reason, Bikini 
Smoothles cos meliC eleclrolysls 
Permanenl half remoYal for Ihal smoOlh pertect 
line Serving NOlih County San Diego since 
1978 1m Ihe besllhere IS 10% regrowth 10% 
d,scounl lor sludenls and facuhy unlll Apr t 
(6 19) 436·0465 Ask lor Pal (2123) 

PASSPORT PICTURES' New al Cal Copy 
Only $5.95. While you wall. Xernxes and more. 
Near 51 Germalns . 452·9949 
(3/13) 

Word Proc essing . laser prrnler gIVes 
iypesel'Qualrty papers $150 / dbl spc page 
Rush lobs available Free pickup and delivery 
Cralll 452·6934, (4/3) 

WE INSTALL YOUR AUTO STEREO and speak· 
er syslems al Ihe lowesl rales In lhe counly 
Over 20 years combtned experience PER-
FORMANCE AUTO SOUND 744· 7026 (3/13) 

Word Processing - IBM wllaser pllnler Slu · 
denl Papers and Resumes Reasonable Input I 
OUlpUI530·0470(3/ 13) 

WAITED 
BranCh managemenl posilions available In your 
hometown dunng Ihe summer. Earn $6·15.000 
and gain valuable bUSiness experience No 
inveslmenl ACI noW' Call Siudeni Palmels for 
more ,n:ormallon al 1·800-426·6441 (3/13) 

Graduale Siudenis Needed 10 partlclpale In a 
UCSD Medical Cenler sludy on Informalion 
proceSSing Panlclpanls Will be paid Please 
coni act Melissa at 543·5570 for further Informa-
lion and an appolnlmenl (2/23) 

Takrng PhYSICS 28 and need sludy buddies? 
Prepare for qUIZzes and Ihe hnal Wl lh a small 
group II Inleresled, call 270·1936 and ask for 
Roark.(3/ 13) 

Female non·smoklng roommaie wanled 10 
share room In PaCifiC Beach. $280 I mo. and 
Ulllllles.(2 /27) 

Need female 10 lake Iwo Children 10 and irom 
SChool In eXChange lor free room and board 10 
hr/ wk Coniaci LIIi a1459·1072 

Children's Program Special lSi - lUll lime year-
round day camp Inslruclor JeWish Communrly 
Cenler. Enclnrlas 944·0640. On-Campus Inler-
View 2/27/89 Will Inlervlew ANY Inleresled 
malor (2 / 23) 

Expanding Company needs bflghl. young mal 
Iyaled managerial Iype 01 people It you can 
deal wllh people you can make good money 
SeriOUS only please (619) 558 2087(2 / 23) 

Roommale wanled lor spnng Qualler Greal 
location Own room - near downlown La JoUa 
$356 /mo 459·5697 (2 / 23) 

Inlernallonal Heallh and Fllness company IS 
looking for on·campus reps Fuil training. flex I· 
ble hours Excellenl pan· lime earnings Call us 
IOOayl Mr Ford 565·1644 (3/2) 

Employmenll Represenlallves Needed for cred ll 
appllcallons $1 50 per appllcallon Work on 
campus Call 462·8110(2 /23) 

lIye'ln babysilier Room. board. negollable 
salary Care for boy. age 7, part ·llme 755· 
3195.(2/27) 

TACOTIME - La Jolla needs a cashier from 
11 ·3 Monday·Fnday 5650· 57 per hour 453· 
8818.(2/27) 

Campus represenlalives to promole 1989 
Spring Break Tllps Pan lime. choose your own 
hors For Ihe sell · mollvaled Call t ·800·221· 
5942, Amencan Passage Nelwork(2123) 

CampJs represenlal lves 10 place ads bullelln 
boards and work on marketing programs Part 
lime, choose your own hours No sales, Call 
1·800·221·5942, Amencan Passage Nelwork 
(2123) 

SIOO • I week'" Eve's 4·8. Sal 10·2 FleXible 
Days. Field Survey Rep Cal Raymond 558· 
4747 (3/2) 

AdmlnlSlrallve Trarnee Sal $1 839· $2209/ 
mo Enlry ·level posilion for prolesslOnal adml' 
nlSlrallye, petsonnel and olher careet fields, 
ReqUires ' Bachelor's degree To apply 
Or for more rnfo conlacl Employmenl 
Informal Ion Counler, C,ly Admin. Bldg. Lobby, 
202 CSI , San Diego. CA 92101 The C,lyofSan 
Diego Equal Opporlunlly Employer (2123) 

WANTED 49People Well pay you 10 lose up 10 
25 Ibs In Ihe nexi 30 days' Dr Recommended 
100% natural, 100% Guarameed Call Kalle 
565·8696 (2/27) 

Party In Mazallan dUring spllng break Only 
$209 For more Info call Brei 558-2592 (3/ 2) 

SaveS - Buy mall order magaZines, compaci 
discs and Videos, call 672·8753 (2/23) 

VW Dasher Wagon, '78 IllJeCIIOn, 4 spd. runs 
Slrong. 108K, $750 abo 558-3085 Bonnie. 
(2/27) 

1986 Cougar - Good condilion Beaullful car 
AulomallC, AM / FM siereo cassettel New Ilfe5 
One owner, 56,500 Call Debbie al 558·8330 
anytime or leaYe message on machlne.(3 / 9) 

Siereo
' 

JVC RX·II I 7 year warranly In box 
Paid $130 $85 Fu!1 welsul!. Used 2X. 590 
558·7641.(2 / 23) 

Chem 6A·B·C book, nearly new condilion 
$40 558-7468 (2 / 23) 

1982 Suzuki FZ 50 Scooler $300 70 miles on 
44¢ of gasl Call 279·0462 (2/23) 

Honda Spree Scooler Great Can dillon $325 / 
abo wllh helmel

' 
Call 755 8926(2/23) 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student I 

Carl's Jr. Special I 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I I Bacon Cheeseburger I 
! r~FREE i 
I I 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rei. I Coupon expire. Mar. 26,1989. One oller per coupon I 
l One coupon per customer per visit Not valid Wlth any I other oller or discounl Price does not include tax carl'll h. I 
L Carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc 1989 • .. 
-----------------------

UCSD GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED AD 

RATES 
I plr 15 wordl): 

IndlvldUlI 

~lOnll UII 
$1 ; 

Faculty Ind Itlll . 
$3: 

All othm . $4. 
Stud.nt 

Orglnlzallonl PlY 
the $3 rltl • not 
the Itudlnt rltll 

PIII.I Inclo.1 thl 
Clrrl1:tImountto 
Inlure publlcltlon 

01 ,our Id, 

Think '". 

1986 Honda Ellie 250 Freeway legal black Wllh 
mal ching helmel SI",eo. coyer parking pe'mll 
In excellenl condilion Must see to apprecrale 
$1500 abo Call 558·8137 (2 / 23) 

1986 Honda Imerceplor 500 Excellent cond" 
lion Runs pertecl New Melze1er Tlfes. FerOOos 
Looks greBI SIIII under warranty $1 .800 Leaye 
message al 558-6476 (3/ 13) 

Honda CVCC wagon, 1978, aUlomallC. new 
Slaner, ballery, Ilfes, rebUll1 engine am 11m 
casselle Excellenl cond,l,on $1500/ obo 
455·9543 (2127) 

I :I 
Large BR, Prlvale Balh, Phone, and Parking, 
JacuZZI, Backyard, In new 4BR / 3BA La JoI· 
la/M"a Mesa Home oNered by recenl graduale 
10 reduce expenses Complele use 01 home 
5300 mo. plus 1/3 ulllliles and 1 mo. deposil 
Available MarCh I (619) 566·0045 ask for 
MIChael (2 / 27) 

Roommate wanled La Jolla Shores Area 2· 
bedroom, I 1/2 Balh 2·slory lownhouse 
$325 /mo. plus ulllliles Phone 587-4702. ask 
for Mike (3/6) 

Male / Female 10 share house In Clarremcnl 
Garage. laundry, own balh No smoking/pelS 
Honesty, rellabtlliy - ownerlravels Avail. MarCh 
I 5330 plus 1/2 ulllliles Jon R 273-1408 (2/27) 

Huge masler bedroom In lownhouse near 
UCSD Pool. JaClJl2I, lennls, racquelball, washer· 
dryer. enclosed garage. Room big enough for 
Iwo $450 Single or 5500 If room IS shared Call 
457·3285 (2127) 

Roommale wanled Female. Single room. 5255 
UTCILa Jolla Washer/ Dryer. pool Jasmine 
558·1172 Available 3/ I (2/23) 

3 Bedroom I 1/ 2 balh Townhome Enclosed 
PallO. $200 move'ln allowance 453· 7214 $850 
a monlh.(2 / 23) 

1/ 2 milo HL - Large bedroom (1·2 people) In 
2 bedroom condo Own washer/ dryer. diS' 
hwasher Pool. lacuzzi. garage, pnvate parking 
Spnng quaner (3 / 21 · 7/ 1) Nonsmoker MI F 
$400/ mo Reece. Enc 546·0875 (3 / 2) 

Roommale wanled Female, non·smoklng Own 
room, washer I dryer. micro. pool. Jacuw 2 ml 
from campus $300 / mO.1 / 3ulllllles Available 
3/ 23/89 Call 452·2105.(2 / 27) 

Roommale wanled Large Genesee Highlands 
condo Own room Share balh 5287 / mo + 1/ 3 
ulllliles 453·8160 (2 / 27) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED - Share a room In a 
Del Mar condo - 5245 / mo + I 15 ulilltl"s Pool, 
lacuZZl, lennlS, washer and dryer Call 792·9647 

I · PE~ 
AJC· Ou Ie cache lu? Tes yeux m'hypnollse el 
Ion soume me lands Un admlfaleur (2/23) 

Baseball players needed for an adull baseball 
leam 10 SO (espeCially a calcher). 450-
9172 (2/23) 

MODELS· N Y photographer seeks new faces 
for upcoming national SWimSUit magazine -
balhlng sUlls, seml·nudlly 492·25 19 (2 / 27) 

Come gel your ATTITUDE ADJUSTED allhe 
Pub Ihls Sal nlghl wllh RiSen T,x on sale allhe 
Box Office. $1 IO! members 

IIlsn I aboul VOMITING lI,sn'l about PERFEC· 
TION Bulimia IS a triggered response Bulimia 
IS a triggered expression il lS a IInal response 10 
being unable 10 cope or express reslslance In a 
given area, patlerned Into lhe subconCIOus, 
generally al an early age The super consCIOUs 
has Ihe Queshons and Ihe answers It IS Ihe 
doorway 10 Y,lal,ly and heallh Try EVERY· 
THING' Then come and learn 10 love yourself 
while gelling heallhy again SPECIALIZING IN 
WOMEN'S ISSUES Palrlcla Hughes (619)436· 
0465 Psychic counseling, regreSSIOn Iherapy, 
MASTER HYPNOTIST.(2 / 23) 

The Calhollc Siudeni Communlly InYltes you 10 
a nlghl 01 UNIQUE enlerialnment Ccme to Cof· 
leehouse IV, Salurday. Feb 251h al 7 30 P m In 
the FellowShip Hall Of Ihe UniverSity Lulheran 
Church (2 / 23) 

Hey Will R . when are we gOing 10 get oul Ihe 
blender and shoollhe sh- -? 

Sandy. Kim, and Jen, I beller see you al the pub 
pally Sal , or sian Ihlnklng 01 a good excuse

' 

Rick - Don't lalk Wllh your moulh lull of Slraw· 
berry poplarls'" 

lOST Gold ring In TLH building. Women's 
balhroom Flower shape ling Big Reward Call 
455·5384 (2/27 ) 

FOUND Baskelball In main gym lasl SalUrday 
evening 2 I 11 around 6.00 Call 558-6537 
(2123) 

LOST Black I grey large purse - need IDs 
Reward - Chlls 558·24t7 (2127) 

r--Rotlo'. - in fhe alley in P,B.·-
FUTONS; FRAMES 
"'_v LOUNCKIt & . - fUTON 
Twm StillS ~SI39.65 
Full SI28 25 King S209,00 

nnoNS I~ TlMn 6- 16S: 8" I8S 
Full 6- '75: S" .ft TIMn la Full _ ~ 6- 18S: 8" IIOS o.->~ King 6" II t .. 8" 1110 ~lt tO 

STORE HOURS 
Thurs. 2·8pm; Fri . 12·5pm 
Sal. 10-5pm; Sun. 1l·3pm 

MDn ...... .... ,.al .... ,... 
ZM-.. t ... _7OIt 

WE CARRY INVENTORY. 
Pnces subjeci 10 change. 

*PaCific Beach 967 A Beryl 51. 
In oIfey berween Law and 8<!ryI, west off 
Coss, From Garnet Ave. lurn north on 

Cas. SI. go 7 blocks to Beryl 

'Cottman ~"" <B) 
'.IISMISSIOI 

SINCE ,..2 

International and Coast to Coast Warranty 
5820 Autoport Mall San Diego, CA 92121 

(619) 552-0556 

YeDow Brick Roael 
Family Amusement Centre 

4 FREE GAME TOKEN 
WIth this coupon, Expires 2127/ 89. I per customer per day. 

UaIva .. " TOWII. Ceatu 
4545 La Jou. vma,. Dr. 

San Diego, CA 92122 

• 

•• 



.. , 

14 -Thur day, February 23, 19 9 

Women's AII-ca~lndoor 
Volleyball Doubles Tourney 
Saturday, March 4 (previously scheduled O CI. /5) 

What has the Womens Volley-
ball coach Doug Dannevlk done 
to this campus? This place has 
gone absolutely mad over volley-
ball This campus Just can't get 
enough of the roundbalL Volley-
ball has already passed up almost 
all our other "major" ' sports to 
become one of the most popular 
Intramural Sports on campus 

Well , for all you lady volleyball 
Junkies we have an event In store 
for you - our annua l Women s 
Volleyball Doubles Tourney This 
tourney will take place on Satur-
day, March 4th and will be played 

In the Main Gym. We will have two 
divIsions; the 'Open' divIsion for 
advanced players and the 'S' di-
vIsion for intermediate or begin-
ning player The format Will be 
double ellmlnalion so everyone 
Will be guaranteed at least two 
matches 

Sign-ups Will be taken down at 
Canyonvlew dUring the day and 
In the Intramural Sports Assistant 
office at night There will be drinks 
and frUit supplied and most Im-
portantly, there IS no entry fee 

So good luck all you ladles and 
come sign up 

Basketball Swings into 
the Tournament 

This IS the last weekend of play 
for I M, basketball It s time for 
the mad scramble to get Into the 
playoffs and for the elite It'S the 
time to remind everyone that 
they are the best The playof s 
will begin on Sunday, March 5 
and continue for a week unlil the 
champions are crowned on Sun-
day, Marc h t 2 Team captains 
are adVised to call (534 -4037) or 
come down to Canyon view on 
Wednesday March 1 to find out If 
they made It to "The Tourna -
ment" and when they might be 
plaYing 

Securing a championship In 
I M basketball IS the most dlffl-

cult title to Win In all of Intramural 
sports Teams must playas many 
as SIX games In the space of Just 
one week and under all types of 
condit ions Most teams Will be 
plaYing In limes that are not 
accustomed to, very late at night 
or very early In the morning Sy 
Championship Sunday teams are 
exhausted , blistered, and sore 
but that makes the champion-
Ship Just that much sweeter 

It all gets underway In less 
than two weeks and It should be 
Wilder than the NCAA Tourna -
ment next month Good luck to 
one and all and may the best 
team Wln l 

The Ifud Plge is a paid advertising 
feature of Coast Distributing. 

Hula Bowl set to 
wiggle once more 

The 12th annual Hula Sowl 
Extravaganza, emblematiC of Ha-
waIIan football supremacy at 
UCSD, IS set to go once again 
thiS Friday afternoon at 4 pm, on 
the MUIr Field as five successful 
survivors of the regular season 
battle It out In the lava PitS for the 
right to hold up their index finger 
for another year 

Three undefeated teams (Stiff 
Richards, Excited Orbs, and 
Vacheron Swallows), all 4-0, put 
their unblemished marks on the 
tine In the five-team tournament 
Friday In their effort to play In the 
Hula Sowl Finale at 6 p m. Scurvy 
Dogs (2 -2) and Long Beach Air 
Attack (3-1), who play In a pre-
tournament qualifier, round out 
the field 

The Jr Hula Bowl Will also 
take place right alongSide the 
big boys as the Sammles (2-2), 
Soft While Underbellies (2-2), 
Albys Warnors (2-1) and Kettle 
Chimps (2 - t ) engage In the Open 
A title chase Game times are 
Similar (4,5, and 6 pm.) 

One-pitch softball 
playoffs continue 
The Winter one-pitch softball 

playoffs resume play thiS week-
end (Sat / Sun. Feb. 25-26) on 
the MUIr and Pryatel fields All 
teams slill alive In tme ABOVE 
500 Double-E:lm and BELOW 
500 Slngle-Elim tournaments 

should contact the Canyonvlew 
Recreation Office (534 -4037) for 
game times for thiS weekend's 
action 

Many teams Will be plaYing 
double and triple headers thiS 
week. so team captains need to 
stay In touch with Intramu 
Supervisors on duty thro 
the playoffs to stay on top 0 . 
upcoming games 

BUDMAN'S FLOOR HOCKEY RATINGS (as oj Feb. 21) 
MEN' AAA 
1 FLOOR WAX 
2 CLOACA BREATH 
3 MPU 
4 DALE S AT THE E-BAR 
5 PAUL'S BROTHER HAS HEPATITIS 
MEN'S AA 

ALL PUCKED UP 

2. IT PROBABLY WONT MATTER 
3 WE HAVE LONG STICKS 

REC. COMMENTS 

3-0 
3-1 
3-1 
2-2 
4-0 

Could beat the Kings 
WOUld 've gIven Wax a game 
BIg surprise so far 
G,ve 'em a crYing towel 
Two and out WIth you dudes 

years ago 

Should Win It all, Now you have the BudMan's 
curse upon you 
You 're right it won 't 
Yet to prove It 

.----Soccer Notes----
Soccer playoffs will begin the weetcend of March 3,4 , 
5, They will last twa weekends and end March 10, 11 , 
12 ••• Playoff Quallfytng: Top six (6) place teams In 
Men's AM and Wamen's leagues; top four (4) place 
teams In Coed AM and Coed M leagues; top three 
(3) place teams In Men's M. Men's A and Coed A 
leagues ••• The playoff brackets of what time, 
where to play, who you play, etc., will be posted at the 
Canyonvlew Administrative Building on Wednesday, 
Mar, 1. I suggest all team captains come down that 
day and find out when they play ••• The top off8f)o 
slve team In 1M's with the most goals scored Is the 
Coed A team THE HOFFMAN SHOW who have scored 23 
goals In four games, G .. , do you think maybe they 
should be In Coed M? Sandbaggers! ••• The best 
del'Gnslve team In 1M's Is held by many teams who 
obvloully have some awesome goalies In net, There 
are, believe" or not, eight teams who have not given 
up a goal the entire Mason so for. Add to that eight 
more teams who have given up only one goal and" 
looks like a lot of teams better start practiCing their 
Ihoot-outl-we're looking at a lot of pallibe ties In the 
playoffs ••• SpeakJng of ties In the playoffs, this 
year we will settte tie games by going dlreetty Into 
shoot-out at the end of regulation time In a tie 
We will stay wtth this format until we reach the tar ......... 
final games. At that time we will have two fM~mlnlJ~ .~ ... ~ 
sudden death overtime periods and If the games artt.--'l~"'~."~ 
stili tied we will go Into a shootout at that time, Y'all "~>1111111 
ter get offenllvel ••• Early playoff predictions:. 
MEN'S AM . Ding's In the Shower - they won't be chal-

lenged; MEN'S AA • Impaired Physicians· will prove 
they did sondbag last year winning 'A'; MEN'S A • 
Sorority Huskies From Hell· these dogs will get up' 

COED AM . Balls 'N Boots • Katv's learning this C~ 
game; COED M - Too close to call, but I'm leaning 
towards Dick. Cheese , Watermelon; COED A . Need to 
figure out who Is moving up to Coed M first; WOMEN'S 
. Mlstlts • They aren't ••• Goad luck. and may you 

all find a ball In the other team's goal, 

4 BRADLEY'S BASTARDS 
5 HOPEFUL MONSTERS 
6 HOCKEY DOCTORS 

3-0 

3-0-1 
3-1 
2-1 

2-1-1 
2-1-1 

GOing for second tItle thIS year 
DOIng well in tough league 
Sorry Joel, yours didn't make It 

B.ck L-R: R.n "Tilt Flllh" McGr.lh, AI.n "Hard Drive" L.mkln, Mark "C.pl. 
Trick." R.'na, Itll ahewn: PII. "D.b-wlll-dt-rou" C.rl'r, Rich "Superahot" 

......... _--"" .. Herm.n, Jill "R .... Bill Frl.nd" S.bll".n, Jeff "Ita LDflllr With U." French, 
MEN'S A 
1 BARNEY WEARS THE BUTTUD 
2 SWEET MOOSE'S REVENGE 
3 TWICE AS NICE ON ICE 
4 THE LEGEND OF ZELDA 
5 RIGHT WING DEATH SOUAD 
6 JUST PUCKING AROUND 
7 1M USELE,3S 
8 JD HANGOVER 
9 STICK MY CREASE 
10 WAFFLE FACE 
WOMEN 
1 WE KNOW THE POSITION 
2. CONSISTENTLY UNPREDICTABLE 
3 CHICKS WITH STICKS 
4 SITTER SWAMP 
5 BUTT COLD 

4-0 
2-0 
3-0 

3-0-1 
3-1 

2-0- 1 
3-1 
2-0 

2-1-1 
2-1-1 

4-0 
3-1 
3-1 

2-0-1 
2-1 

'AA' Caliber 
Could meet Buttlid In 1 st round of 
FaVOrites to wIn the crown 
W,ll dIsappOint Zelda 
Too many polacks 
May get pucked up In playoffs 
That's for sure 
Big match WIth Moose coming up 
Goalie only reason thIS good 
Jelly heads WIll fall on wattle faces 

And we have the VIdeos to prove it 
Bad team name, good team 
One goal away from undefeated 
Have talent to Win It all 
That's your scoring potentIal , right? 

CAPTAIN TRIPS and HIS TROOPS 
Thi week's Bud Team is a nother example of 

how wi nning games isn't the only way of earning 
CSO's most prestigious award , CAPTAIN 

TRIPS AND HIS TROOPS, ran ked #2 in Men's 
AA Ba ketball earl ier this season, dropped its 
fourth traight la t Wednesday by a score of 64-
54, Oespite "Super Shot" Ricky Herman' 48 
point performa nce, it loo ks doubtful that Cap~ain 
T rips wi ll be lead ing his troops to a champion-
hip this eason, 

Oh well , congra tulations guy, This Bud's For 
You! 

PhDlo br Mlcllill hulks 


