
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 68, #18 

Groundwork Books Collective 

Re-Keying Locks Leads To 
University, Co-Op Dispute 

• By ANDREA ADLEMAN, S,nior Stqff WrlUr 
A connict has arisen between members of UCSD cooperatives, par-

ticularly Groundwork Books, and the University concerning the distri-
bution of keys to spaces occupied by co-ops in the Student Center. 

The Groundwork Books collective would 
prefer to keep its locks separate from the 
University key system, while the University 
wants all Student Center occupants to be a 
part of its system. 

The conflict centers around the "Key Issu-
ance and Usage" clause as defined in Section 
5.07 of theUCSD Space Agreements, which 
states that the Center "shall issue keys to 
principal members of Groundwork opera-
tions as identified by Groundwork on a quar-
terly basis ... all keys shall be on the Center 
keyway system." 

The policy goes on to state that "UCSD 
Police shall have, for emergency purposes, a 
master key, secured at the police station. . . 
other than UCSD Police, only the following 
individuals shall have keys: Assistant Direc-
tor of the Student Center and the Mainte-
nance Supervisor of the Student Center." 

The controversy, arising from the fact that 
each side defines the issue in different tenns, 
has been mediated by the University Center 
Board. 

contract be flexible and allow us to do our 
own key issuance?" 

One reason that Groundwork is opposed 
to the key clause is that past events have lead 
the collective to question the quality of the 
University's security system as a whole. 

Prior to 1980, Groundwork was on the 
University key system. In May of that year, 
the collective allegedly observed a UCSD 
police officer enter the bookstore with a key 
and steal money. 

"Here we were trying to run a bookstore, 
we wanted to build a collective, and we 
wanted to have a bookstore, and there were 
people sleeping at Groundwork trying to 
catch thieves night after nigbt," said collec-
tive member Roberto Riley. 

"And then we caught the cop and we 
said, 'That's it.' We changed the locks and 
it has been nine years without a problem. 
And to go back to the University key system 
where it's sucb a casual system - I don't 
think we can afford to go back to that, "Riley 
said. 

The board consists of a non-voting student 
chairperson chosen annually in Associated 
Students elections as well as nine voting 
students, each representing a different con-
stituency. These constituencies are the Asso-
ciated Students, the Graduate Student Ass0-
ciation, the Student Affinnative Action 
Committee, Co-ops & Enterprises, as well as 
each of the five colleges. 

The UCSD Police Department was un-
able to confirm the report at press time. 

Carruthers acknowledged that there was 
See RE-KEYING, pap 3 

The rock band The Alarm performed to a sell-out crowd last Friday night 
at the UCSD Gym. Pictured L-R: members Dave Sharp, Mike Peters, and 
Eddie MacDonald. 

1be remaining members, who are not stu-
dents, have non-voting advisory roles on the 
board. 

To University Center Director Jim Car-
ruthers, a non-voting member of the board, it 
is a question of facilities management. 

"I don't think it's a particularly difficult 
decision, quite frankly," he said. "They are 
University buildings, they are University 
doors and, to me, it's a facilities management 
issue. 

"1bey're in the book business. We're in 
the facilities management business. If some-
thing goes wrong, they call me and say, 'fix 
it.' It's our job to make sure that happens." 

Groundwork Books is the co-op most 
strongly opposed to being on the University's 
master key system. 

According to Groundwork collective 
member S.R. Jones, "Different co-ops have 
different needs. For us, we really don't need 
anybody to come in and do our maintenance. 
For a co-op like the CM or the General Store, 
maybe they need somebody to come in and 
watch their refrigeration. 

"The key situation or anything in this 
contract should be to our mutual benefit, not 
to the University's benefit. .. Since we don't 
all have the same needs, why shouldn't the 

Inside •.• 
• OPINION 
• FEATURES 
• SPORT 

4 
10 
20 

UC President Requests Earthquake Funds 
By ANTON BI1TNER 
News Edilor 

UC President David Gardner 
requested a $SO million loan from 
the UC Regents to improve earth-
quake structural safety on UC 
campuses at the Regents meet-
ing last Thursday at UC San 
Francisco. 

According to the Office of 
the President, the $50 million 
would be generated through ei-
ther bank loans or UC-issued 
bonds. 

Gardner said that the money 
could be repaid througb the $12 
million the UC receives annu-
ally from the Department of 
Energy for management of both 
energy and nuclear weapons 
laboratories. 

Although the UC will receive 
$30 million from federal and state 
disaster funds for damage sus-
tained at UC Berkeley, UC Santa 
Cruz, and UC San Francisco 
during the 7.1 earthquake on Oct. 
17, Gardner reported that the 
money will be received in in-

OPINION 
Solutions To Ocean 
Pollution 4 

stallments over the next 10 to 1 S 
years. 

"We should do the [structural 
safety] work now instead of 
waiting 10 or 1 S years," Gardner 
said at the meeting. 

According to UC President's 

Office spokesperson Rick Ma-
laspina, the $30 million to be 
received from earthquake dis-
aster funds will be used to fund 
repair of damage at the three 
affected campuses, while the 
$50 million would be used for 

structural upgrades at all nine 
UC campuses. 

Malaspina said that it was 
too early to tell which cam-
puses would receive the major-
ity of the $SO million, because 

See REQUEST, pap 3 

A.S. Campus Forum Held 
To Explore Student Needs 
By BEN BOYCHUK 
Contributing Writer 

The A.S. held its first ever 
campus-wide forum to discuss 
student concerns last Thursday 
night at the Price Center. De-
spite a dismal turnout, several 
issues were discussed, includ-
ing night parking, special ad-
missions, and student fees. 

Stephanie De La Torre, of 
the A.S. External Affairs' Lobby 
Annex, discussed her 
deparment's efforts to lobby for 
State Constitutional Amendment 

FEATURES 

1 (SCA 1), a bill on the forth-
coming June ballot. If passed,the 
amendment would allow more 
state funding for the UC in order 
to keep the annual student fee in-
crease at three to five percent. 

Denise Whisenhunt of the UC 
Student Association (UCSA) 
went on to discuss the top prior-
ity of the association, which is 
departmental responsibility for 
retention and recruitment of un-
derrepresented students. 

"Basically, we'll be doing re-
search on different UCSD de-
partments" so that we can report 

the results to the UCSA, Whis-
enhunt said. 

"It's possible we will be able 
to propose a bill to the state leg-
islature to make departments 
responsible for unrepresented 
students," she said. 

De La Torre explained that 
her department will research 
I 0 different departments at 
UCSD, including political sci-
ence, engineering, chemistry, 
biology, and physics, to deter-
mine the number of underrepre-
sented students and faculty. 

See FORUM, page «) 

SPORTS 
The Border Patrol's Men's Soccer 

Falls In Semis Other Side 1 0 20 



UCNEWS 
Obscene Caller Posing as UCB 
Doctor Menaces Women 

A man falsely identifying himself as either "Watson" 
or a doctor al Cowell Memorial Hospital in Berkeley has 
been conducting telephone health surveys, often asking 
women to petform breast self-examinations while on the 
line. 

"He is an obscene phone caller, he is not a doctor, and 
he doesn' t work at the women's clinic," said Catherine 
Tassan, director of Student Health Services at UC 
Berkeley. 

Three women this semester have reported receiving 
phone calls from a person who says he is conducting a 
health survey from the women's clinic. Tassan said she 
believes it is the same person who made similar calls in 
the fall of 1988. 

"He sounds very authentic, but he's not," she said. 
"He uses common techniques to get women talking 
about their health." 

Women respond to the caller because he sounds 
credible, UC Berkeley Police said. He usually begins 
comversations by asking when the woman last visited 
Cowell Hospital. 

Based on the student's answer, he asks if the patient 
was pleased with the services and asks if the woman 
knows how to conduct self care without going to the 
hospital, said Steve Lustig, associate director of Student 
Health Services at Cowell. 

"He uses the information the woman gives him and 
repeats it to her," Lustig said. 

"The person forgets that she has already given him 
personal medical information," he said. 

After the general information gathering, the caller 
asks the woman to take offher blouse and teaches her to 
do a breast and cervical examination. 

At one point, Lustig said the caller asked a woman to 
press her breast against a wall as part of the self-exami-
nation. 

In another case, the caller asked a student to do "some 
sort of pelvic examination with a mirror," Lustig said. 

He said that almost all of the women have called the 

Calvin and Hobbes 

All. \illS WIDE. OP£N CEILING 
SPACE! I WISH 1 (OIJLD 
GET I>\i ROLLER. SKATES . 

~ER£' 1 nlli'l\( [ ( f>.N 
J,IMP TO 1llA1' c.\{~IR A\IIO 

\-lANG ONTb -mE: B~K. 

HE'!. MA~I*. I cAN CLIMB 
uP 1141'S ~K.ct>S£. ANO 
WilEN l GET 1'0 1llE ~TT'Cltll 
sIlELf. LEAP m p, C\\MQ..! 

News (aips 
directors to inform them that they have hired a "weirdo" 
to handle the telephones. 

"The way to tell if it is authentic is ask the caller for a 
phone number and call the women's clinic to see if they 
are indeed doing a survey," Lustig said. 

But if "Watson" asks the student for her medical 
history, then he is not authentic. "Medical history is 
personal and cannot be discussed over the telephone," 
Tassan said. 

"We just want women to know that they don't have to 
be polite and continue the conversation," Tassan said. 
"We want to tell women to hang up the phone." 

By Patricia Jacobus 
Daily Californian 

UCSB Students Warned Of 
Possible Measles Epidemic 

A UCSB student was diagnosed with measles last 
Wednesday, and campus health officials are urging all 
students who have not been immunized for the disease 
since 1980 to do so. 

An unidentified female undergraduate fell ill after 
coming into contact with an infected UCLA student last 
week, according to Dr. John Baumann. director of UCSB 
Student Health Services. 

The UCLA student had traveled to Santa Barbara to 
take part in local Halloween celebrations and made 
contact with an undetermined number of local residents. 

UCLA has experienced a measles "mini-epidemic" in 
recent weeks, with at least six students coming down 
with the illness. 

Wednesday's diagnosis marks the first reported case 
of measles at UCSB however, and local health officials 
believe more cases are likely to arise. 

"We' re certainly concerned in terms of potential for a 
significant epidemic of measles," Baumann said. "As 
many as 1,900 of our UCSB students may not have been 
immunized properly." 

According to Baumann, measles is one of the most 
infectious diseases known, and "100 percent of people 
not immunized who are exposed [to the virus] will get 
infected. " 

Most university students have not received the im-
proved vaccine, Baumann said, explaining the resur-
gence of the disease on college campuses. In addition to 
the UCLA outbreak, 60 students at the University of 

lllEN I C~t>I P\)LL t<WS[U 
A(~ It> On\ER, PIECE'S of 
FIJR\-II nJR£. Al-IO WOR\l.. !'IIi 

Wfo,i l\) tJt'i mi (\\EST 

by Bill Watterson 

. 1 Cf>,N \\t,Io.R w:oM NON 
"I~O'N 00 EIo.RTI1 OlD '{OJ GIT 
Sl'lEA~E\I. PRI~rs ON ThE 
IJNO\:\l..'SIOE eft' EI\C.~ SI-IElF ~. 

G£mNG ~i 
IIOMEWORJ:: OONE, 
OR ARE t)\J j uS, 
RUINING tVRt'lli\lR\: 

Southern California were infected with measles last 
year. 

Because the infected UCSB student attended classes 
and spent time in the library prior to her diagnosis, it is 
likely many students have been exposed to the virus, said 
Dr. Alan Chovil, director of preventive medicine for 
Santa Barbara County. 

By Ben Sullivan 
Daily Nexus 

~ , l ~ UCSD NEWS ( 
UCSD Researchers Develop 
Treatment For Parkinson's 

Genetically altered cells grafted into the brains of rats 
with symptoms of Parkinson's disease reduced behav-
ioral abnormalities associated with the disease, research-
ers from the UCSD School of Medicine reported. 

In a collaborative effort between the laboratories of 
UCSD genetics researcher Theodore Friedmann, and 
neuroscientist Fred Gage, rat skin cells called fibroblasts 
were genetically modified to produce L-dopa, one of the 
chemicals which is deficient in the brains of Parkinson's 
disease patients. 

The modified cells were then implanted in a portion of 
the brains of rats which are established models for 
Parkinson' s disease. In the rats, as with human patients, 
the symptoms of Parkinson' s disease are ameliorated by 
replacement of L-dopa. 

The rats which received L-dopa-producing cell grafts 
were shown, after two weeks, to have a significant reduc-
tion in a behavior called rotational asymmetry - walk-
ing in circles as a result of neurological damage. As much 
as a 40 percent reduction in rotational behavior was 
observed, indicating that the grafted cells were produc-
ing L-dopa in the brain and were having a direct impact 
on the rats' behavior. 

Although the restoration of function was only partial, 
Gage said further studies are being conducted to deter-
mine whether the graft has a more dramatic effect over 
time. 

According to Theodore Friedmann, professor of 
pediatrics at the UCSD School of Medicine, surgical 
grafting of adrenal tissue into the brains of human pa-
tients with Parkinson's disease has produced controver-
sial results. 

UCSD Prof To Discuss USSR 
Professor Timothy McDaniel, chairperson of the 

sociology department at UCSD, will discuss "The Social 
Context of Political Change in the Soviet Union" Tues-
day, Nov. 21 , at 7:30 p.m. in the Berkeley Room, on the 
2nd Floor of the Price Center. 

( SPOTLIGHT) 
UCSD Students Asked To Help 
With Meet-A-Need Program 

San Diego Youth and Community Services is asking 
UCSD students to participate in Meet-A-Need, a project 
which links those in need of help with those who can 
provide help. Donations of food , holiday gifts, money 
clothing, and volunteer time are targeted to homeless 
families, runaway youth and lonely elders residing in the 
area of the giver. 

Areas where assistance is requested include the Bridge 
residential program in North Park , the Gate House Shel-
ter in EI Cajon, Ocean Beach community services, the 
Neighborhood Outreach program, and the Help Center 
in San Diego. 

Many of these centers are requesting donations of 
holiday foods, diapers , cooking utens ils, toiletries, sleep-
ing bags, and blankets. Gift certificates for clothing are 
especially desired by older adole cents who are prepar-
ing to leave the shelters and live independentl y. 

For more information, call 569-6333. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News EdiJor 
and Jason Snell, A socinte News EdiJor 

Monday, November 18,1989 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

RE-KEYING:Groundwork Books And 
University At Odds Over Key Issuance 

between the two sides. 
According to Paul Eykamp, the 

board's Graduate Student Asso-
ciation representative, the board 
voted in favor of the Space Agree-
ment "with reservation" concern-
ing Groundwork 's opposition to 
the key clause. 

sity because they think University 
buildings ought to have University 
keys. I don 't actually ... believe 
that the University has any more 
control" by issuing keys to the co-
ops. Continued from page 1 

an incident involving an alleged 
break-in and theft at Groundwork 
Books by a police officer in 1980. 

" I understand there was one 
incident. ... we didn ' t have a 
security system that was overly 
secure," Carruthers said. 

In reference to the university's 
new lock system, he said that "we 
now have ... a system that cannot 
be duplicated in your local key 
shops. The keys we have now offer 
much greater security." 

Despite Carruthers ' assurance 
that the new keys are induplicable, 
Jones said that " I'd like to see how 
that goes before I jump on the 
wagon. The fact is that we haven't 
had any burglaries over here. Why 
don't we stay with a proven thing?" 

In a letter written on behalf of 
the University Center Board, Car-
ruthers requested that each co-op 
sign its Space Agreement by Dec. 
1. Groundwork and the General 
Store Co-op do not intend to sign, 
both Citing autonomy as a reason. 

Jeff Corbett, a member of the 
General Store Co-op, said that "In 
support of Groundwork, we ' re not 
going to sign the lease . . . the 

University is trying to force the 
University keyway system on them 
and they have proof that it' s really 
not the safest system. 

"The message we want to send 
is that the co-ops have their own 
identity and . . . they should be able 
to protect their own rights and 
property in whichever way they 
feel best suited .. . We shouldn' t 
have to be worried about protect-
ing ourselves from the university, " 
Corbett said. 

Betsy Olsen, a member of the 
Groundwork collective, said that 
"If [the University gains] control 
over who gets keys in Ground-
work, it'sjust one step in a series of 
[attempts] to take over Ground-
\york operations." 

Carruthers cited emergency 
situations as a reason why the 
administration would need a key 
to Groundwork. 

Jones, however, said that "if 
what the administration is worried 
about is being able to come in here 
if the place is burning down, that's 
understandable, and J think we can 
make arrangements for that to 
happtn ... but, as far as turning 
over our locks and keys and our 

REQUEST: Gardner Seeks 
UC Earthquake Funding 
Continued from page 1 
eight of the nine are located in 
close proximity to fault lines. . 

Malaspina said that if the money 
is borrowed, a "strike force" of 
stuctural engineers will inspect 
buildings at each campus and de-
termine how the money should be 
spent. 

"They will look more closely at 
those structures we know are sus-
ceptible to damage [in an earth-
quake] .. . those which receive a 
' poor' or ' very poor' rating" will 
be reinforced, Malaspina said. 

Malaspina said that some of the 
money may be spent on emergency 
aftermath equipment, such as 

~aCcod' 
HAIR Dl:SIGNS 

CLAlIIEMONT SQlJAII£ 
(NIo~1 '0 VONS) 276-2600 

MIRA MESA 
( NLITTO IVl'; HUT ) ~6100 
UNIVERSI1Y TOWNE CENTRE 

( ACROSS fIlOM MANN THtAIR~) 
45~110120 

Of'£N 7 DAYS 
APf'f. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILAIlE 

power generators or water pumps. 
According to Don McCarty of 

the architectural support division 
of UCSD's facilities design and 
construction department, the struc-
tures at UCSD are relatively earth-
quake safe. 

''There ' s nothing of any urgent 
nature [at UCSD]," said McCarty. 

He said that in the past, UCSD 
structures have been fortified to 
withstand strong seismic activity, 
butthat such work is still needed as 
a building ages. Technology to 
stabilize structures also improves 
over time, making it possible to 
better reinforce old structures, he 
said. 

. 

WHY 
PAY 

MORE 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds. 

588-6237 

security to them and not knowing 
who has access to keys . . . the 
answer's just no. We can 't allow 
that to happen. It violates all of our 
principles. It violates our auton-
omy. 

" We can't survive that kind of 
uncertainty, of not knowing when 
wecomein in themoming who has 
been in here," Jones said. Ground-
work alleged that, prior to 1980, 
there had been several nights dur-
ing which different people entered 
the bookstore and browsed through 
the contents. 

Regarding co-op autonomy, 
Carruthers said, "it' s all there on 
the critical issues. They are Uni-
versity buildings, they were built 
with student fees, and they 're allo-
cated to the co-ops. That's some-
thing the co-ops need to get com-
fortable with. " 

For the past year, the Univer-
sity Center Board has mediated 

"We have similar reservations 
to that of the co-ops, but we're not 
in 100 percent alignment with the 
co-ops," said Eykamp. "In the 
security part of it, we sent aletterto 
[Vice-Chancellor of Undergradu-
ate Affairs] Joe Watson explaining 
what our reservations were. 

"If the co-ops have a problem 
that there's a perceived control 
issue because the University has a 
keying system, then it's a problem 
and we need to address it." 

Eykamp feels the board would 
accept Groundwork' s proposal that 
the bookstore maintain its own keys 
and give the administration one for 
emergency access. 

"In principle, I can relatively 
safely say that it would be okay 
with us," said Eykamp. " It ' s ap-
parently not okay with the Univer-

No further negotiations through 
the board will take place before the 
Dec. I deadline for the co-ops to 
sign the Space Agreements. As 
Eykamp explained, "1bere's an 
intractable difference of opinion, 
and we're stuck. We' ve told [the 
co-ops] that at this point the board 
has done all the board can do. 

According to Olsen, the Uni-
versity has not expressly said it 
will evict the co-ops which do not 
sign the agreement. 

"When [the administration] is 
asked if they ' re going to kick the 
co-ops out, they hedge. They don ' t 
give an answer," Olsen said. 

Jim Patterson, Co-Ops & En-
terprises representative to the 
University Center Board, said that 
he has "been told by administra-
tors that if individual co-ops don't 
sign this agreement, then the uni-

See RE-KEYING, page 9 

ill; UCSD STUDENT . " s,' DISCOUNT SPECIALS l!Ii-i:' 
AEROBICS 
SAUCONY PRESTIGE LO 
Reg. $69.95 SALE $59,89 
AVIA 590 
Reg . $67.95 SALE $54.89 
AVlA450 -
Reg. $49.95 SALE $.42.89 

CROSS TRAINING 
I.ADIfS Newl 
HIKE All TRAINER LO 
!:JJ65.95 SALE $55,89 
HIKE AIR TRAlHER MID 
Reg. $84.95 SALE $72.89 

RUNNING 
MENS • I.ADffS 
HIKE All MAX UTE 
Reg. $90.00 SALE $79.89 

• HIKE AIR PEGASUS Reg . $60.00 SALE $49.89 
SAUCONY AZURA ST 
Reg. $74.95 SALE $64.89 
HEW IAlANCE 495 
Reg. $64.95 SALE $54.89 
ASICS TIGEII GEL 101 
Reg. $65.95 SALE $54.89 
ASlCS TIGEII GEL L YTE II 
(Men's Only) Reg. $84.95 

SAli $69.89 

TENNIS 
MEHS • lADIES 
K·SWlSS CLASSIC 
Reg. $49.95 SA11 $39.89 
WL50N PRO STAff 
Reg. $65.95 SA11 $55.89 
1RETOIIN LlAntER 

:;;%€r" 
CASUAL 
SPERRY SUP.()N 
ORnE 
Reg. $35.95 SA11 $24.89 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 ualue. First·time clients only.)* 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Eyellrows 

Upper Lip 
Chin 

UndIIMlIIS 

Bikilli Line 

FillgerS 

Legs 
Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 

558-0888 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

La Jolla Village 
ProfeeeioaaJ Ceater 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 
• ExpiTts 11/30/89 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 20, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BlTI'NER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

Tit< UCSD 0 .. ""/;",, is p4Iblished,wi« _kly II ,he Univcnity ofCa~romio. San DieJO. Can'enlS 
CI989. Views upmsed heJ<;n represen.lhe ~l)' ""'" of ,he odioorial _ .w ... no< 
..........nly " .... ofthc UC BoonIoCR""",IS. the ASUCSO ..... the enw. 0...,. ... 5laIJ. 

Solutions to Pollution 
Protecting the Oceans 

This is the second or a two-part series on ocean pollution. 
All our coastal systems are damaged, some so badly we can' t use 
them anymore. -Joseph A. Mihursky, professor at University 
of Maryland's Chesapeake Biological Laboratory. 

Medical wastes washed up on the beach. The bodies of 
hundreds of dead dolphin scattering ea shores. Huge algae 
blooms resulting m shellfish poisoning. 

The e are the most visible results of the pollution of coastal 
oceans, and they are onl the tip of the iceberg. Reducing the 
pollution of coastal region Will reqUire a rna slve effort. 

The cost of cleaning u the coastal ocean will be tremendous 
Cleaning up the Chesapeake Bay will alone cost roughl . $5 
bilhon over the next deca e. There Isn't one solution, and even 
a combinatIon o f them won ' t solve everything. The costs in time 
and money will be high. 

First, an economic solutIOn must be applied: put pressure on 
the polluters ' pocketbooks. The Environmental Protection Agency 
has been negligent in Its dutIes, but much of the problem is that 
anti-pollution laws are poorly designed. 

The goal is clearly not zero pollution. Some activities which 
pollute have societal benefits which far outweigh the cost of 
pollution. Current laws do not provide pressure to find the 
optimal point. They merely allow a certain amount of pollution, 
then fine those who cross that line. 

A better solution is to assign a certain cost, a tax, to each unit 
of waste dumped in the environment. These effluent charges 
would allow a better assigning of costs. Then, polluting plants 
would have a true incentive to minimize harmful discharges, 
instead of bringing them in just under EPA standards. The ftrms 
would have act to install better equipment to reduce emisions, 
and to clean them up. A large oil spill would result in the finn 
immediately being presented with a steep bill for clean-up costs. 

This solution would also stop the current system 's inequity 
toward smaller ftrms. Larger firms, which can afford to risk the 
fines, go ahead and pollute. Smaller ftrms, which may actually be 
producing goods more efficiently, can't afford the fines. This 
method makes all of the polluters, not just the few who slip over 
the line, contribute to the cleanup process and research into the 
effects of pollution. 

This approach wouldn ' t solve all of the problems, but it would 
set up a framework which would produce real incentives for 
flDding solutions. Many smaller solutions are beginning to ap-
pear already which, taken together, could have a real impact. No-
till fanni ng, for example, limits soil erosion by placing grass 
buffers between farm land and riverbanks, contouring the fields 
to the land. and installing tanks to hold animal waste. The tale 
of Virginia offers incentives to farmers who use this method , and 
it prevents hundreds of tons of soi l erosion each year. 

There are other mnovatlve approaches to the problem. Photo-
degradable plastlcs. for example, which break down after expo-
sure to the sun will reduce pollution from plastic waste signifi-
cantly. But 11 raises the cost of manufacturing by five to ten 
percent, so mcenl1ves are necessary to encourage liS use. Another 
approach is to have special teams ready to respond to spills of oil 
or other toxic chemicals. This solution is probably prohibitively 
expensive With current budget constraints, but private firms 
could be encouraged to e tablish such teams (Exxon is already 
working on plans, for example). 

Another innovative approach is offered by biological engi-
neering . Researchers have developed strains of bacteria which 
break down toxic wastes. But these approaches make some 
people nervous With the thought of bIOlogical organisms running 
amok There's no que!>tion, however, thut technological ap-
proaches mu t be developed to save the sea. 

Individuals must work to stop their own polluting activities, 
and encourage their governments and companies to find solu-
tions. To paraphrase Jacques-Yves Cousteau: we are pessimistic 
about the pollution of the ocean by humans, but we are optimistic 
about their ability to solve the problem. 

Letter Writer Misunderstood 
Editor: 

On Nov. 13, a letter by Sabrina 
Santiago appeared under the title 
"Defending Feminism." This let-
ter, which attacks the Nov. 9 letter 
of Sherry Lowrance (which criti-
cizes Victoria E. Magyar's attack 
on Steve Benson's carroon), 
commits the error which Santiago 
is accusing Lowrance of -miss-
ing the point. 

Santiago begins by stating that 
it is "insulting to women to ridi-
cule the ... view that women are 
important only when [they] are in 
a role that is in relation to men." 
But in reading Lowrance's letter 
you soon discover that anllago 
has missed the POint. 

and dignity. Magyar is also self-
contradictory-{\evaluing mother-
hood in one paragraph and then 
claiming that women raise chil-
dren (and that men do not). 

The editors of The Guardian 
are called chauvinistic because 
they put Benson's cartoon in the 
place that they have always put 
Benson 's cartoon-the lower 
right-hand comer of the first page 
of the Opinion section. 

Magyar's letter continues in 
this vein. Instead of unnecessary 
digressions, Magyar should have 
concentrated on the problem 
itself-Benson 's cartoon. 

Santiago follows Magyar's 
poor example and makes rash, 
unsupportable statements. "The 
responsibl ity and care of the chIl-
dren has always rested with the 
mother" is not true 

Men have raised families with-
out women. Many men have aban-
doned families and committed 
other crimes, but you should not 
judge al1 men by the actions of a 
few . Santiago also claims that"we 
have never been recognized as 
valuable for these contributions." 

Women and men are both of-
ten recognized as valuable by those 
who are influenced by their con-
tributions. It should be remem-
bered that a contribution to the 
race should not be marked by 
which sex made the contribution. 
but by the relative usefulnes of 
the contribution. 

Magyar ' contribution is de-
valued by a lack of consistency 
and a desire to force other~ to her 
views. Lowrance 's contnbullon I. 
consistent and promotes freedom 
of choice. I prefer hal l'lg .l .::llvl.:e. 

enneth nlbb 

Lowrance tate that "Mag ar 
ndlcules those women who do 
choose to have children and do 
hou ework" emphash added 
Lowrance IS not en} 109 the n£!ll 
of chOice but IS de fen mgacnolc~ 
which Magyar Insulted With a 
patnarchal and stereotypIcal view 
of that chOi e 

Abortion and Catholicism 

Lowrance is then accused of 
defendmg a blatantly sexIst car-
toon. But In readmg Lowrance' 
letter.it IS stated that the cartoon IS 
an " inaccurate and uncomplimen-
tary Image of a woman," which is 
not a defense. The title of this 
letter was "Defending Steve Ben-
son," but most letters are given 
titles by members of the editorial 
staff--not by authors. 

Santiago leaps to a conclusion 
caused by a too selective reading 
of Lowrance's letter. If Santiago 
had read Lowrance's views as 
valid, it would have been seen that 
Lowrance is arguing against rash, 
overzealous fanaticism and argu-
ing for the right to make a choice. 

Analyzing Magyar's letter, it 
is easy to see how it could be 
accused of being rash and 
overzealous. The structure is not 
at a level expected in university-
level writing. 

The issue is emotional, and the 
cartoon is offensive, bur a calm, 
rational response would have been 
better than accusmg a cartoon of 
daring to take away self-esteem 

CAVNA 

Editor: 
The letter by RIch echmski In 

The GuardIan (Nov. 9 IS worthy 
of some response. It has been some 
time since I've seen a letter that 
held so many contradictory views 
at the same ume. Mr. echinsk i 
claims to be personally opposed 
to abortion and says that "every-
body should get a chance to live 
once they are concei ved." So is he 
pro-life? No, for later he repeats 
the sadly foolish line that "the 
fetus is part of a woman and she 
can do whatever she wants with 
it. " 

Mr. Vechinski feels that "pro-
life groups have no right to pre-
vent women who want or need 
abortions from having them." 
Sounds like a pro-choice position 
to me. But wait! Later he says that 
we should not have to pay for any 
abortions through taxes, no mat-
ter what the reasons for the 
abortion . Is it just my eyes, ordid 
Mr. V echinskijust lend support to 
something that might save thou-
sands of innocent lives in Amer-
ica? 

Mr. Vechinski asserts that he is 
a Catholic. This is highly interest-

Now cfaJ't be alanne::f by 
these little student fee 
bikes .. :rin ~ the mcline 
wil11::e slow and ste~ ... 

109 in Itself. for he makes m.! 
wonder how devoted he IS to the 
teachings ofh is own church. Many 
people tout their CatholiCIsm but 
lack the courage to speak out and 
work for Catholic cau es. In this 
way they can have their cake and 
eatittoo. What's the matter, Rich? 
Would speaking out in support of 
your church be too "uncool"? It is 
Sickening to hear "Catholics" 
recite that old line about not im-
posing their beliefs on other 
people, as if human life were a 
particularly Catholic concern. 

Have the guts, Mr. Vechinski, 
to at least use the word nominill in 
front of Catholic the next time you 
describe yourself. It looks bad 
when "Catholics" appear so unin-
formed, unconcerned, and unen-
lightened. 

The most telling comment in 
V echinski ' s letter is perhaps in 
the second paragraph where he 
says, "1 personally do not under-
stand why there should be such a 
big deal made about this issue 
[abortion] ." That is exaCTly right, 
sir. You show a tremendous lack 
of understanding. not only aboul 

See ABORTION, page 7 

Monday, November 20, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

GtiAimIAN Cl -Up 
Out of College, Money Spent. • • 
By RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editor 
Out of college, money spent 
See no future. pay no rent 
All the money's gone 
Nowhere to go 

- The Beatles 
"Cut! That's a wrap, folks." 
I'm going to graduate in June, after four years at 

UCSD. I feel like there is a director waiting in the 
wings with a clapboard, ready to close the curtains on 
the "College" scene of my life. It's time to go on, to 
new scenery, new props, and new actors. 

A friend of minr wh'l is also graduating this year 
can't wait until June. He's sick of long and boring 
lectures, time-consuming homeworle and little free 
time. He wants out of here now. 

I'm tJred of lectures and homework too, but most 
of me doesn' t want to go. I'm secure and comfon-
able here: I've found friends and fun, and I've 
survived stress and sadness. This is home. Yet the 
future is coming at me like a Mack truck with no 
brakes, and I can't get out of the way. 

When I look back on the last few years, some 
things bother me. For example, all the useless classes 
I had to take. I took French my first year, spending 
about 10 hours a week on it for 30 weeks. Thatworles 
out to more than 12 days. Two full weeks of my Ii fe 
were spent learning a language that I will never use 
and have already pretty much forgonen. C' est la vie. 

Then there was calculus. In the rest of my life the 
hardest thing I will have to do math-wise will be 
balancing my checkbook, yet I spent hours valiantly 
learning how to integrate variables. Why? Mathjust 
doesn't add up. 

But my classes were not all bad. Many in my 
major and minor departments (history, political sci-
ence and literature) were excellent, taught by good 
professors. However, I feel I got the most out of 
college outside of the classroom. 

Through living in the donns and panicipating in 
extracurricular activities like The Gumdion, I've 
made the best friends of my life -people who know 
and understand me and still, amazingly, think I'm 
OK. (At least most of the time they do.) 

I've had friends to go to dinner with, to sing in the 

car with, to steal Christmas trees with, and to laugh 
with me when I do incredibly stupid things. My 
friends are priceless, worth much more than those 
endless hours spent in lecture. 

I hope my friendships last past Graduation Day. 
But I don't know if they will. I thought my high 
school friends would last too - 1 wanted to go to 
college near my hometown of Chula Vista, so I could 
keep in touch with my friends there. 

But now I don't like to go to my parent's house. 
It's not my home anymore; I'm not quite sure what 
it is. My high school friends have left, or changed, 
or I've changed - whatever, they're gone from my 
life. Hopefully, UCSD won' t tum out like Chula 
Vista - a hometown that is no longer home. 

My future after graduation is very uncertain. I 
don't know where I'll be or what I'll be doing. But I 
do know that my life will be very different, without 
the security and freedom I have here. I won't be able 
to sleep until noon when I have a four 0' clock class, 
or throw on jeans, a T-shin, and sneakers when I 
wake up. Instead, I'll have to get up early to go to 
worle. and wear good clothes and nice shoes. What a 
<lnig. 

My first months in the real world will be the 
hardest. There won', be any orientation or "Wel-
come Week" to help me get adjusted. I'll have to go 
out and find a job and a place to live. I'm going to be 
really on my own for the first time, without crutches. 
By myself. And I'm scared. 

Take two, anyone? 

"The UCSD Guardian Close-up" appears each 
. Monday, and is written by a different staff member 

each week. 

New Cartoonist 
This issue marks the tint appearance 

of nr G1UIrtliI",\ political cartooniat. 
Mike Cavna ia a UCSD junior majoring 
in Lit/Writing. Hia c:artooDI will appear 
weekly. nr G,"".,lu.rs will abo continue 
to carry Steve Benson's syndicated 
cartoons. 

!~ -" . '-
1!ltCTD!Jljqnql 

Mtjgcm4Ecqnqmjg 
&mm 

$50 MONO $50 
HAVE YOU HAD 

monotlUCieosis or measles 
within the last month11f so 
your plasma could make a 

valuable contribution 10 
the medical industry, and 
earn you $50 at the some 
time. For additional details 

call Ms. Vawtw at 
Ea __ tlat Biologic_ 

226-1733 

12/27 

R SCOTT BERRV 
PERSONAL INJURY 
.~ACCt1JENT8 
• UIJRP I FALL 
'1ICYCL.EiPEDEST 
• PRODUCT DEFECT IWfIES 

DRUNK DRIVING 
DEFENSE 

... $25O.1!51 ...... 
/\ J ~H " ~~ ::; ~ I- I \ " ~ 

546-2927 

praents: 
Pro{tuar 

Timothy McDaniel 
SocioIocY Deparcmtnt Chair 

who will speak on 
"The SocitIl Conuxt of 
politiaJl C~ in tilt 

SoWtUnion-

Tuesday, November 21 
7:30p.m. 

Bedteley Room 
(2nd Floor, Price Center) 

AdmWion: FREE 

(t: ~ y-"W} .1Jo1t.(25t±)(7)1l1J!~. ~ 
t/1::.l!llilili 
(*fa} *tIJ(7)**&t/*.1t~1 991~6'U't' 
I::~. (Bachelor j:J.t(7)~lJtezl')~~(/)III.~ 
(."'} .1Ja~U! 
~~.'t' (7)tt~ •• 2.'~ . ~~.~~~ t> ~ 
"tI:'t'- If!ft.1I!1 '1: L. • .,.. (i'~b\o2>!l $ 500. III 

~/)\'" tn 20.000. 't'~l:It"lE) 
(ii"'l..~h- • "'''L'.b.> 

111.1.(7). ~ Iv I:: .:'If" L' 1:: rtL', ~ !J , 
"'t!l~* - HlIllII •• tr ~1'- ..... l!iIt;H ' 
.i;1'i.*JI("t'IIIIM't'T. Ii~lvl::t>~t,. L: 

t! I~~ - ~ *t± t;"'ltil •• If!(**) 
IJl~ /.#( "'b<L' ) . ~fi(~ c 5) 
Phone 1 800 537 2186 (1 all free) 
11:: It 03 - 234 5071 II(/) ;t:;t.b<. ~1 ')l ';I tr -;; ~ i!!J , 
~ ~.~*~(7)~!J . C*''t'(7)2~. 
t> •• ~~(7)~~'t'''' . B*:;t.'t'~.~ 
•• .,. 6 ~ t,;t: .... ~ hl~~t.t ... a1tl1t 
Iv. 

t!1~.:I< - ~U . S.A . NY~7 ~ ~ 
III ~ /;J:/II(~ I1!b) 
Phone 212 986 - 5520 ( 9 ' 00- 17 : 00 ) 

~ .*·NY:ltc ±.8 It. <. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

OPINION 5 

Now featuring fresh 
Mewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocolate! 
HOWl: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs.; 
11-11 Sot.; 12-10:30 Sun. 
LA JOUA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's ~hopplng Center) 

tv'_V 

~ -~ 
.. '\ !0I'O '0""" V;1:¥e C_ ... ';. 

.. .. b<l0' 

UK 

~ 
, 

i -
: 

--------------------------

2 for 1 ===" and get OM of equal 01 ....., value FREE. void l Ath any other offer. Toppings not Included 
- Ono coupon per customer. Expires 11/26/89. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------~ 
FULL TIME STUDENTS 

WE HAVE EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 
CALL 279 ... 5955 

D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 
7841 &lboa Ave. Ste. 215 

San Diego, CA 92 I 1 I 
ALSO: HOME/ CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

100 0 OFF UCSD STUDENT DISCOUNT 

ALL 
AUTO REPAIRS 

.ulWl1ItOCAL "IEIMCE CENTER 
5728 MIRAIWI RD. INCLUDING: 

SAN DIEGO. CA 92121 
(e1e) 457-5718 

flION..8AT ...... 
• TUNE-UP • BRAKES 
• SMOG • ALIGNMENT 

-------------------I WINTERIZE YOUR CAR I 
I 1. Drain and refill coolant includes (1) gallon cooI~ I 
I 2. Check battery, clean battery posts and apply anti-corroslve I 
I $34.95 mostcars I L ___________________ ~ 

VALETS 
CASHIERS 
Iv::e Parking Inc., San Diego's largest parking management firm is looking 
for professional and dependable individuals who would like to join our 
fast moving ream. 

Immediate posilions are available in La Jolla, The Golden Triangle. and 
many other central localions in San Diego. 

We offer FLEX hou~, part-time, full-time shifts and benefits. 
Interviews will be conducted in La Jolla / Unive~ity City by appointmenl, 

or you may apply in person at our down· 
town location. 

Bring )UUr valid CA drivers license, D.MV. 
printout and 5.S. card to Ace Pam .. Inc., 

~~.Ie', 1452 7th Awnue (leech Stfftt) 
San Dieao. CA 92101. For more i nforma· 
lion, or to schedule appointment call 
231·9501. 
Equal Opportunity EmplC¥'r. 

LOSE 6" GUARANTEED! E..p.1214189 
ElUYlpttllt Body Wrap $48 (,.,. $98) 

• NO! • tempoqry Walei' 1011 • Reduce ceUulile • No exen:iIe or diets 

77l1li& TAN3251 Holiday Ct.12041btM St. GermIin's 455-0908 
• CoIege 687·2122 TAN· P8ciIc &e.:h 581-9060 
• MiIsion VrIIMy 542-0381 4 LESS • Sports Arena 224-9727 



,.,."., 

f.&iI.jJ a choice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 

(10 Days After Conception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

call 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

Ultimate 
h ._. .!..!I"" -/ •••• -;-;-.,..:f 

I :';:::';:-._:-: ... _ ... 

" •• lflii •• II ••• -- ~ \"~~,,, 

~lAi~ 
Gf\APFliCS 

'#etfuvnlze-d at a ~ fPJU uuudd Jjtend fo 
CUb~ ~ad.tff~F4 
A.affi ~ atqy~ .. #IMua~'4'. 

Men's Cuts ..... .. ... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21 .00 

Women's Cuts ... . $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 
With: Yvonne, Koren, Nicole 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cuI, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

he UCSD Guardian Monday, November 20, 1989 

The Berlin Wall: Savoring the Moment 
Just for once,just for a moment, I want to ignore 

the very intelligent, very profound thoughts that very 
intelligent, very well-informed experts have about 
the consequence of what is happening in East Ger-
many. 

I just want to savor the sights and sounds of that 
all-night party at the Berlin Wall. 

Just for once, just for a moment, I do not want to 
knit my brow at the burden represented by 250,000 
East Germans who have poured into the West in 
order to begin new lives. 

other and their government officials idiots without 
waiting for the shadow of a man in a uniform cutting 
across them. 

lust for once, just for this moment, I want to put 
aside the hundreds of millions of words over the last 
4O-plus years that have so glibly decided that " free-
dom" is a sentimental lUxury out of place in the real 
world. 

} want to forget all those experts who explained 
why the Soviet Union's strategic interests required 
the maintenance of political systems symbolized by 

a foot on the neck of a pros-} do not want to wony about 
the competition for jobs and 
housing these newcomers 
represent, nor about the pros-
pects for more democracy in 
the East if its economy is 

Jeff Greenfield trate citizen. I want to forget all of those 
realpolitik Kissingerians who 
saw the world as nothing but a 

Universal PreIS Syndicate 

crippled by an exodus of talented, educated men and 
women. 

I just want to remember a day when one place in 
the world looked like the end of an old Frank Capra 
movie, when Iimmy Stewart or Gary Cooper rallied 
the good-hearted people around him to celebrate a 
victory over the forces of greed and evil. 

Just for once, just for this moment, I do not want 
to listen to State Department officials and academics 
and think-tank mavens talk of what this means for 
German reunification, the 1992 European Economic 
Union, NATO, the Warsaw Pact or Mikhail 
Gorbachev's prospects for political survival. 

Ijust want to revel in the knowledge that in East 
Germany, one of the most repressive of the Commu-
nist Bloc nations, where the first anti-communist 
workers' uprising was crushed in 1953, the leader of 
the Communist Party is talkinli about free elections, 
a multiparty state and a free press. 

I want to enjoy the idea that millions of people 
may soon be moving from the ranks of the subju-
gated to the ranks of the free ; that they may be able 
to go out into the streets, the shops, the cafes, the halls 
of their nation and yell at each other about books and 
newspapers and theories and ideas, and call each 

collection of national inter-
ests, and who could, with a flick of the wrist, dismiss 
the idea that perhaps the citizens of those countries 
had a hunger for freedom worth nurturing. 

I want to forget all those tough-talking pessimists 
who believed that the welter of conflicting voices 
within ~ nations somehow made free nations 
weaker and totalitarian states stronger, as ifthe very 
robustness of our democracy was a threat to the 
survival of freedom. 

I want,just for now, to put away those remnants 
of the hard left whose "passion" for freedom never 
seemed to embrace those living within the sphere of 
Soviet influence, and who simply assumed that those 
outraged by repression in Prague and Warsaw and 
Budapest and Berlin were nothing but cold warriors 
in the pocket of the CIA. 

Just for once. just for this moment, I want to be 
able to reaffirm not a romantic sentiment, but a truth 
that is indeed becoming more and more evident: that 
the hunger for freedom is well-nigh universal; that it 
is not a function of culture or color, but a natural 
hunger of the human being. 

That's what that party on the Wall was all about. 
Andjust for once,just forth is moment, I thirst not for 
explanation, but for celebration. 

SETII SLATER, Edilor In Chief 
DAVID WYNER, MallQging Edilor 
ANTON BITfNER, News EdilOr 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Edilor 

.s.IIr JiUlll'WrIIIrc ..... ,....,0WbtiIa .......... how,'" SIIIw, AtIdIe, w .... 
____ u..._. __ &n:_Loo_c.-~.5coo 

DA VID BURKHART, Opinion &ilOr 
DANA CHAIKEN, ..usociale Sports Editor 
JAMES COLLIER. Fealures EdilOr 
BRYAN DJAS, Music Edilor 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Edilor 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Editor 
PA lTV JE1TIE, HiQlus Edilor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associale PholO Editor 
NANCY MUNTNER, Alsociate Hialus Edilor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Edjlor 
JASON SNELL, Associale News Edilor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, PholO Editor 

C-.EJIc:-.c:or-._. __ ...,...,. ___ .lMa_. 
'-....,. ...... ~.--.-~ ....... ___ Dooc_ 
___ W_,,-,L,.W .... _y_ 
__ c_-..... _ .... ....,.c.,-._ .... ___ ..... 
__ "-.IIkl ....... T..,._~'-.• ..-, ..... _KoIr .... 
~TItpoII T_...,_Kori ____ ............. _ 
"""' __ c-. .... -.-__ _ 
_ .. o..a...CIIoI. __ OrIo"--___ J«Iy~ 
noUCSDG_Io __ """ __ "" __ ,,,,"",,"""'_"'UCSO. 
_ ...... _10..,.-._10_ .. 10 __ ..-.. __ 
............ -
JJwUCSDG .... A ........... for ....... oI ..... --...«1f\. newiewl ......... pIIIIIicI 
... __ .. _ ..... __ ""_ ... noIlCSDG_.IIoe~ 

olCllilOnlilor .. Almdlllds..-..tIIUCSD. vc-. ....................... ..,-• ....,. .... 
........ a....... __ ........... _I0_ ......... _. __ .......... _. 

___ ~ UCID ... ",I.o.-.CA_ 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adverlising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ,Advertising Duigner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified MlJIIQgtr GTheUCSD DAB. DIAN 

W.',. Open 
MON.-SAT. 10-9 
SUN, 11 -7 
at 
515 First Sf. 
Encinitas 943-0041 
and 
6136 EI Cajon Blvd, 
265-0507 

GOBBLE UP THESE GROOVY GOODIESI 
Mlnillry The Mind is a Telrible 
Thing to Taste (LP) 
JeIUS and Mary Chain Auto-
matic (LP) 
Erasure Wild (LP) 
PrlmlHves Pure (LP) 
Grateful o.ad Built to Last (LP) 
Ic. T The Iceberg 
NItz., Ebb Shame (Imp. Remix 
12') 
C~ Standing There (12') 
Opal Early Record ings 

I.H. Surf .... Wldowmaker (EP) 
Lydia Lunch Oral Fixation 
(Spoken Word) 
Manual Scan Down Ughts (LP) 
Mudhoney srr (LP) 
Jesus Jones Bring It On Down 
(Imp. 12') 
Joe Satrlanl Flying In a Blue 
Dleam (LP) 
Ulac TIme Paradise Cllcus (LP) 
Elnatuen:ende Neubauten Haus 
Der Luege (LP) 

PLUS NEW SUB POP 7" BY LOVE BArrERV, 
MUDHONEY, SKINYARD' MOREl 

Monday, November 20, 1989 

BENSON 

Abortion 
Continued from page 4 
abortion but about our society and 
government. 

If you do not think that Con-
gress has the right to take choices 

away from p"'.ople, no matter what 
the issue is (to use your own 
words), then I suggest that you 
begin studying political science 
or philosophy and leave your 
dream world behind. 

Government can and should 

The UCSD Guardian 

take certain choices away from 
men and women, particularly 
where other lives are threatened. 

Burning the Flag Redux 

Mr. Vechinski might be com-
mended for having somelhing to 
say on this very serious issue, and 
for taking the time to write. Un-
fortunately, the issue of abortion 
is only being clouded further by 
feckless minds which produce 
letters such as his and add nothing 
worthwhile to the debate. 

Editor: 
I would like to respond to the 

column in the Nov. 16 Guardian 
entitled "Aag Burning Should Be 
Against the Law." 

Yes, our flag is a symbol of our 
great nation, but more 
importantly, it 
is a symbol of 
those things 
that make our 
nation great; 
and among 
those things is 
something called freedom. 

That 's right. The flag is a 
symbol offreedom-a symbol of 
our legal rights to freedom. By 
denyi ng America its right to bum 
the flag, you will have saved the 
flag - he symbol. but you will 
also have stripped that flag of eve-
rything that It was supposed to 
stand for in the first place. In es-
sence, you Will have saved a piece 
of cloth that has been robbed of its 
meaning and importance. 

The column states that "Cer-
tainly every human has a right to 
express his opinion, but he be-
comes answerable to them after-
wards. " I agree completely, but 
there is a fine line between "an-
werable" and "answerable to the 

law." 
If a per on were to yell " I hate 

menca" in hiS front yard, he/she 
certamly must taceconsequences: 

AIDS 
EDUCATION 
RESEARCH 

PartiCipants must be: 
• 1 8-35 years old 
• Single 
• heterosexual 

PartiCipants Will be paid. 
Call 

578-5303 

loss of friends or loss of respect 
from neighbors, but would you 
also have that person thrown in 
jail? 

IfI were to see a person burn-
ing the American flag, I would 

do my best to stop them, but 
if I were to see a police offi-
cer attempting to arrest that 

person,} would tum right around 
and try my best to set that person 
free. Just remember that we must 
never let a symbol become more 
important than those values and 
virtues that it was originally 
meant to symbolize. 

Phil Tsai 

It is already maddening enough 
to see the intellectual dishonesty 
of pro-choice groups, who deny 
the humanity of the fetus despite 
all biological evidence to the con-
trary and yet remain steadfast in . 
their morally bankrupt positions. 

If well-meaning individuals 
like Vechinski can be so compla-
cent about such an objective evil. 
then it would appear that we on 
the pro-life side still have a great 
struggle ahead. 

Michael F. Burkhalter 

For more Information or an appointment contact 
1sllieutenant Brannon at 294-2174 

OPINION 7 

STOCK UP ON YOUR 
HAIR PRODUCTS AND 

CHRISTMAS GIFTS! 

~--------------------~ I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------~ 

Loraine 
and the tist 
Mind M bin ·.J 's saiest JIypno ac e . The Wor ..... 

CARLOS MURPHY'S UTC 
Tues, Nov, 21 & 28 8:30 p,m, 

No eov"lDrlnk SpIIcMIsI 
-FREEGa~ m - , I WARNI«l: Experience h n you darel I 

UCSD I.D. 259-5730 

tmJl~- ~.t 
VOLLIYBALL & alACH GEAR.~ 

Set-ups Sale/Rental • Swimsuits • Stuff for Fun, Sun, Surf 

Come in and enter a d~ for 
either a Mileosa Vl200 t,ndOorJ 

or a V82 (outdoor) II. 
Drawing on Nov. 24, 5 p.m. 

Winner neec/ not be ",.."t. 

4432 Ingraham St. in Pacific Beach • 272-6827 
. 

: More than Copies 

open 24 hours 
Instant Passport Photos 
Fax Service . 
Self Serve Macintosh TM 

Pick Up & Delivery 
Laser Typesettin 

Binding 
New Services Will Include: 

Laminating 
OverSIZe Copies 

Color Copies 
& more! 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Square 

Call for the location nearest you. 



8 The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 20, 1989 

The Weekly Colen 
MEETINGS 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22 

lO:oo..m.·2:00p.m.- 'lbc Israel Acrivllin Commincc hIS an Jnfonna-
don Table up in ReveUe Plaza. Come and lilt with Jewish UudenlS about 
Jewish life Oft campus and opportunities (or vision, Israel. Revelle Plaza. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

8:00Ii.m...-4:00p.m.- SIGI PLUS. S)'ilmb of Intcl"lCtivc GuJd:a.nce and 
lnfonnation IS. romputer·bascd procnm or career mformalJon de iirled 
m kelp you cl!lrify your skills. v.lues. and occupatlonalln~sts f« 
man: Information. come 10 Career ~rvicrs C~ler. $10.00 

B;OOa.m.-4:JOp.m.-Honon ,.otbhops and individual w, tance f .. 
freshmen and sophomotes. The Vo'OI1tshop wtll f""u. on the shon paper, 
thr euay exam, and me professor IJ I ptnl'\t:r. SlUdentS .... ill have I~ 
opportunity to learn a word proccssinc: I)'Slcm. SAA sllXienu ~ c:spe-
<!ally """""'"Cod to apply. CaD F .... II Fortl1\llllt ~34-7344 f .. further 
informatton or an appointmenL USB 4070. F"" 

8:00a.qt.-4:JOp.m.-OASIS Wririne C<nter offers r;..., "",iee fo< III 
UCSD ,,\ldentl who need pre·"';linC help. conferenca on drafts. .nd 
edHinc: adVKe. We enpae any kind of writln, and an)' kind of wrilin, 
probkm. Conferencts are by Ippoinlmcnl only. EYenln, appoinrmcnu 
II"C also ayailable. (For full runiC of services. iCe &he t.ck oflhc curran 
cia .. scheduk.) Call 534-228-4 .. come by USB 4010 to make an 
appointmc:nl. nus ~ice IS aVliI.bIe IhrouChoul1he qUll1C:r. Sponsond 
b)' the OASIS Wnlinc Center. Sludcnl Cenler, Buildinl A. Free. 

8:00a.m.-4:JOp.m.-The Lan, .. ,e l'roIr>m provides wi5lanCc to stu· 
dtnts whose nalive Ian,uale is not En,lish 1M kt those doin, won: in 
Japanese. Spanish, Fn:""h. Gennan. Hebrew, and other lane .. e ... A di· 
a,nost:ic: ICSl 0f'I written Ena1ish as a sect'!fld lan,u.a&e is Ivailable upon 
rcqUCM. CIlI5J4..2284 formore Informatton. Student Center, BuikliftJ A. 
Free. (Also Tuesday and Thunday evenine. 4:)()'8:OOp.m.) 

':OOa.sn.-4:JOp.m.-OASIS RcadinC and Study Skill. Center off .... 
OOC·lo-one Personal AUistance ror Learmnc (PAL) conferences to im-
prove)'OW' skills on the roUo .... in' topics: rime ~nt. .lOII·serun" 
projea plannu., and orpniUlion fer resean:h. lc:ctlft lKJle.&atin,. leX.· 
book radin" preparin, (orexanu..lnd tSHlkin, $b"UC&tes. PAL confer-
ences are free and Iyailable by appointmenL For ITIOr'e information. all 
534-7344 ... top by USB 4010. M<t. 

9:000.tIt.-4:00p.m.-Let OASIS Rea<hncand Study Skill. help)'Oll thtl 
quarter with rime DWlIaemcnl, notct.akin,. midlenn JftpanDon, and 
ItsHikinl ItrIIlCpcs. Stop by USB ..a 10 or call "34-7344 to sec up I 
penonaJ appointment. Alto-stay on lhc lookout for tho5e valuable 
OASIS Rudy skill "'orbhops. USB 4010. 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20 

1:J6.4:00p.m.-DROPIN ADVISING HOURS: fO<ltclp rmdin. destr· 
able pan-ome e~ymcnt. detcrminin, career aoaIs. IUJ'Chin, for)C)b5 
or cxplorin, prot"euionll or padUite JC.hooI opportunities. No Ippotnl-
meAl necessary, just: walk·in. Career Services CcnlCr. Free. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 
il:OOa.m-EARLYBIRD ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEW ORIENTA· 
nONS· Get: a jump on next quaner', on-campus inter\'ieW$ by luend ~ 
in, I mandatory orienllUOf'l now. Career Scrvm Cen.er. Free. 
1:J6.4:00p.JIL-DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS : F ... ltclp with career 
lOlls. job hun ling. resume prepatluon CIt expkwina profWlonaJ or 
padualC school opponunllies No appointment neceu.ry JUlI 
walk·ir.. Carttt Servas Ccnter Free. 

J:OOp,m.-GRADUATE SCHOOL INFORMATION SF..5SION· How 
10 prepare and apply for Ph.D. and academic mister' , propams. Career 
Services Cenler. F~. 

WEDNESDA Y, NOVEMBER 22 

I :J6.4:00p.m.-OROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: F ... help ",ith ~ 
10IJ5. job huntin,. rnumc pttparation. or ('(plonn, profCS51onaJ Of 
graduate iC'0001 opponunitid.. No app<»ntmenl necesury. JUst waU.-IR. 
Calttr .xrvtCCS Cenle:r. Free. 

THURSDA Y, NOVEMBER 23 

1 :JO.ot:OOp.m.- DROP.IN ADVISING HOU RS : For help finc.i1n&deslr. 
.blc pan·rime cmplo)'fT'ICnt. dctcrmininl career ,oaLs.. jOb h\$nting, res 
umc prcpuaUOO, elC No appoinunem ncceuary, JUst walL.-ln. CaRc:r 
Setvlces Cenler, Frtt. 

FRIDA y, NOVEMBER 24 
1:J6.4:00p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: fO< help with ca=r 
aoaIs. job huntin" resume preparation. e:~ . No Ippointment neceuary. 
JUst walk·1n. Carter Sem". C<ntcr. Free. 

WORKSHOPS 

MONDA y, NOVEMBER 20 

8:JO.IO:00a.m.-BIPOLAR GROUP. Th .. &JOUP " f .... tuden" who 
have bec:ndil&noied IS kavinllBipoludisorderand ~ belna treated foe 
samc. Issues addressed will be copin.l wbh the pul. ptCscnt. and fuwre, 
and liyin, willi or wilhout medication. Lcd by Dan Munoz.. B4- IS79. 
Conl.l!Ct Dar. for infonnation and si,n·up. RenUe CoUeae Provost' , 
orrlC<. 
':OO-IO:JOa.m.- RED III. Thi. &JOUp i. for students who ~ Ix:yond 
replar patlCmS ofbinJC'ina. diclin" orPUI'Jlnl but who wantloCORtinue 
theirself-<leveiopmen' tluou,h incrused 1ev<1. or.harin,and !NIL The 
IfOUP will &eam toupcriencefeclinpof if'CIter intimacy and self·accep.-
tance. Lcd by Reina Juaru.. 534-317S. and Evcnc Ludman. 5J4..3SIS. 
Call RClna for I bricf preliminary appoinuncnt before ~& to the 
&JOUp. 1003 GH. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 

12:00-I:3Op.m.-GOPING wrrn CHRONIC ILLNESS AND PAIN. 
ThislJ'OUp is for studentsdealinJ with chronic i1lnessotpain ift IhtirOwn 
lives or an the liYCS of siardflCanl othen. Topics 10 be.ddra1Cld include 
painl5treu _oment techniques. handiinCdcpressi"" and Io<s. deal · 
in, with medical trc.atmcnt and developln, support systems. Copen, skill 
development and I supp:ll1ivc envitornncnt will be emphaslz.ed. Led by 
Jeanne Mlncsc and Carol LeBoeuf. Fora pR'lini,rwy appoinUIX:nl bef<n 
tomln, to the JrOOp pleut call Carol It 534-02.S6. lOOJ Gil. 

2:00-3:JOp.m.-UNDERGRADUA TEWOMEN·SGROUP. Thi.&JOUP 
will (ocus on conccml common amon, undcrpwlualr: women. incltldin, 
relationship ISsue" flml), of on,in. wort and sdr~RCem, stress and 
dcvelopinl family identity. Lcd by Mui .... losupovict and Yv .... Mi· 
nni. Can Miriam.ll: 534-0255 or YvellC a.534-IID (or I prehminary 
appointment Ix:foR comutl to the JrOOp. 100J OH. 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22 

8:JO.IO:ooa.m.-GRADUATE MEN'S AND WOMEN'S GROUP. A 
weekly JrOOp for p-adu;ue sludenlS interested in exploring relarionYlips. 
academlClprofesStonaJ lioSUtS and pcnona1 coneen". Lcd by Mlnam 10-

supovtci. 514"'()25S. Call Miriam for inrormalion and I prelimin:uy inter-
VtcW be(~ cornin, 10 the croup. 10030H. 
J :OO-4:00p.m.-GROUP R>R UNM011VA TED AND PROCRASTI· 

ATlNGS11JDENTS. A IfOUP ror ludenl$'lWhofmditdifftculclO 1001 
or 1(:1 staned on the writin, of papen and who feel that schooj II not the 
place (or them &1 this time Led by Hu,h Pates, j34-3456 Revelle 
ProYOSt', UCfK)C. 

3:00-4:JOp.m.-ASIAN STUDENTS SUPPORT GROUP Thi. &JOUP 
isck lined I08lidress Ihc conccmso( Asian 5ludenlS.1 UCSD in I pr0b-
lem soIYinl and S\$pponive .cl1lO$phcrt. Issues I~h as flmlly 'Yllems In 
ClIhural transiuon. cthnlC Identity. liven&: In twocuhuresl s.lOOcnlJ. com· 
munic4nng 'WIth Othm,lftd vOCIlional.nd Icldcn1lC stress art pM iblc 
discussion topics. L..cd by Jeanne MallCSe. 534--030.5. Call Jeanne for in· 
ftxmltion and sip·up. 100] GH. 

S:JO.7 :00p.m.-GAY AND LESBIAN CO·SEXUAL SUPPORT 
GROUP Have a qUCstlon~ Want someone 10 talllO' Need a supponive 
envuunmr.nt? Come JOIn us! Indivktual counseling with Lisa also Iyail· 
able. The ",,"P" led by Muk.nd Usa. 534-2023. Spon5Ol'.,j by P.ycho-
logical Services. Women 's Resource Center. 

FITNESS AND RECREATION 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20 

'Tblhe season r", ptJmpkin pie. siudyinc and pullina off ),our CXen:i5C 
prolP'&m. l.ct FIT Sl'OPhclp you ,etthac balance ~k. Gel a free litneu 
lSsessment to find out just whit you need 10 wortcon. Mike yourappoinl-
men! lOday II Srudcnl Hellih or Cllil 534·1824. Srudcnl Health Service. 
I" Floor. Free. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 

PutyourselflOlhe reR· d~nmess ICSt. A friendly Student Health Adv()o-
cate will check yourcardioYascularfirness, muscu.lar Sftnl1h and endur-
ance and flexibility IU for free. Come on down 10 Studcnl Health or call 
534-1824 today f .. your Ippoinnnen •• Student HeaI,h Service, I" Roor. 

DISCUSSIONS 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20 

Sadie IUtwkirts Day WII Lut Satunltty. but women or the 90s don 't need 
I spedal day 10 lake the initiative. Womea are buying condoms IS much 
IS men now. Come to a Binh Control Session to find out which method 
i. best f .. you. Student Health S<tvlcc, I" Floor Resource Room. Free. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 

"Sut usin, I condom is like makinllove co the Michelin Min!" Sound 
familiu7 Find OUt all detail. lbout all kinds or other bini! control meth· 
ods rn>m I fellow Student Health Advocate. Student Health Service, 2nd 
Floor. F .... 

WEDNESDA Y, NOVEMBER 22 

00mpaIt Doorrt>ah Doompa/t Dec Doo. I've lot I riddle, I riddle f .. )'OlI. 
Why is I 'PCf1Dk:idaJ QOOdom better co uiC71t bIoc.ks: all the: 'pennie" kill' 
them andSl'O', IOO! - Would I little oranlc man he? Come toa Binh 
ConU'Ollnformalton Information Session tOlet yoorfree(bul non-edible) 
condom .... L Stlldent Health Scrvi<e. 2nd Floor. Free. 

LEcruRES 
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 

7:JOp.m.-Profeuor Timothy 
McDaniel, Ou.irpenon of me sociol. 
00 depanmc:nt. wiU pve I wk. on 
"The SoclII Contu, of Polhic.1 
Oanle in the Soviet Union. "This will 
Ix: followed by an ttCCOOnt or "The 
Grass Roou l..oot ac £ag GcnMn)' '' 
by ProfeS$OI' Richll'd Biernacki, who 
wu in East Germany during lhe recenl 
reiulee crisis. The ICCIuteS willi dis· 
cussion Iflel"\\'w will take place in the 
Bcrl;eley Room. 2nd Rooror the Pric:e 
C<ntcr. SponSOf<d by the International 
Poljtics and Economics Forum Free. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

MONDA Y, NOVEMBER 20 

Deadline to apply farsummer inlem~ips with the Los Anaeles Times (in 
L..A.) and the Sin JOK MeR:Ur)' News (in San Jose) is today! Contlet the 
A.S. Internship Office.t ~)4..4689 for more information. ASIO OfrlCe. 

TUESDA Y, NOVEMBER 21 

8:00p.m.- Pleasc come to a movie sponsortd b)lthc Union of JeWish 
Students at UCSD. ''The Frisco Kid" i~ btln, shown In the Price Cenler 
TheaIcr. There IS no Idmi~ion char,e . Please rome and enjoy! 

Allentlan sludt':nts' The UCSD Undcrcradulte Scholastic Gntnu Office 
WInlS 10 fund yourspeciaJ projecl in any rtCld Up to SSOO.OOptrprojc!ct 
VisiiourofrlCC in the Price CcnlerorcaJl Sl4-39 I 7 for more information 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDA Y, NOVEM BER 21 

12:.I:OOp.m.- Weekly T<nh stud)' cllu With Rabbi Ooul SlOtnick. 
din:ctoroilheJewtsh Campus Cenlers It UCSD All are welcome 10 litis 
tek' class about the weeki), Bible portion sludied b)' the Je'Wlsh commu-
nily . .502 Mlnhcws. 

11:GO-I :OOp.m.-Bible StUdY -Oristians "",ho cnjo)'God's word. GoIn, 
lhrouah dte Book: of John. It', a areat time. All invlled! Price Cenler, 

Room~. 

6:0Ip.mr-Studcnt suppcrhostod by the ' .henn. at UCSD,open toall. 
University Luthenn Ouuch (kTOi$ ttt . I'\:t from Revelle CoJleae). 

7:0Ip.m.-"2 CDrinthian. 3" i. tht ,.ibl. "OOy topic led by Campus 
Pastor John Huber. EveT)'OIlC is Wf.....')mc. UnivCf1ily Lutheran o.uJt>h 
(acrou the succc rrom Revelle Ce.leae). 

8:1Op.m.-"Why and How 00 Ch,' ltians PrJy and Worship?" I, the 
Inquircn Seminar topic led by c.. ..... Pas.or John Huber. Open to all 
doubccn and belte:ven, University Lutheran ChUJ'th (ICfOSS the street 
f .... R ... lle Colle .. ). 

TUESDA Y TIlROUGH SATURDA Y 

!:00p. ... -CA THOI IC MASS. Sponsorod by the Catholic Student 
Communhy a l UCSl'. Univershy Luthcnan Olun:I., comer of N. Toney 
Pi ... and Lo Jolla Shores Drive. 

WEDNESDA Y, NOVEMBER 22 

9:JOp.m.-CANDLEUGHT MASS. A quiet, meditative time for .Itar· 
in, wlth()(hers. Sponsored by the Catholic Student Community., UCSD. 
U.i_ity Luthcnn COun:h. comer or N. Tom:y Pine. and La Jolla 
Shorn Drive. 

THURSDA Y, NOVEMBER 23 

5:45p,m.- llHE lliURSDA Y DINNER. Homemade food and creat 
company. Sponsorod by the Catholic Student Community It UCSD. Unl· 
versity Lutheran Churth. C.tholic Loun,e. corner of N .Torrey Pineland 
La JollI Shole. Drive. 

7:JOp.m.- BIBLE STUDY - Episcopal colle", .. udenlS. Weekly Bible 
study and mon1hly eYcnts. 51. EIil.lbcth's Church, 2825 Menon Avenue, 
S.D. 

7:3Op.m.-BIBLESTUDY: Join w,lIl ntembe .. of the CatholicCommu· 
nil)' forrenection and shanna about the upcomin, Scriptures. University 
Luthcnn Church. Catholic Lounge.comcrorN Tom:y Pi .... nd La Joill 
SlKRs DriYe. 

FRIDA y, NOVEMBER 24 

12:JOp.m.-for IU Muslims. FndlY (Juma'a) Pnyer Will be hdd II the 
Price C<ntcr. Berkeley Room. 

SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26 

8:JOam.-CA lliOLIC MASS. SponJOl'ed by the Catholic Sludent 
Community al UCSD. University Luthe"-n o.urch, comer ofN. Torrey 

Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

•
• JIJI ....... _-... _ .... 8:00 an<! IO:OOa.m.-EpiKopal Church Worship 

Service : Sunday Eucharist and Parish fcUowstllp. Good 
Samaritan Episcopal Q\urch. 4321 E:. tl:lle M.II, 
(across Genesee from ease end or campus). 

IO:OOa.m.-Lutheran Communion servitt. Our 
doors art open to all. University Luthenn Church 
(across lhe weel from Revelle College). 

11 :lSa.m.-"Making the Most of TV," a video 
presentation , fallowed b)' In open discussion. 
University Lutheran Church (across lhe street 
from Revelle CoIICiC). 

5:00p,m.-CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsorod 
by the Catholic Student Community It 
UCSD. UMlversilY L.uther:m Church. Cor· 
ner of N. TolT'C) Pines and LaJajia Shores 
Drive. 

9:00p.m.-CATHOLIC MASS Spon. 
sored by ahe Catholic Community It 
UCSD. Uniyen;ily Lu.hcn.n Church, 
comerofN. Torrey Plnesand LKJolI1 
Shorts Drive. 

Monday, November 18, 1989 

FORUM 
ontinued from I>age 1 
The issue of nighttime parking 

was addressed by Vice President 
Administralive lex Wong, who 
said there are two economic sides 
10 the problem_ 

As it stands now, students can 
purchase a nighttime parking per-
mit for $4 per quarter, which al-
lows them to use student parking 
spaces if they don 't have a day 
permit. The problem, said Wong, 
i that the University is making no 
money on the nighttime parking. 

According to Wong, the reason 
the fee is set at $4 is to see if the 
policy i effective. 

"It's kind of a guinea pig situ-
nuon," Wong said. 

However. if the nighltime fees 
are abolished, It IS possible that the 
price of regular student permits 
will increase. Wong said. 

"More importantly though, the 
question arises that if we keep 
nighttime parking, will there be a 
bigger safety problem? 1 defi-
nitely think that nighttime parking 
is directly linked to the question of 
safety," Wong said. 

Wong said the safety of stu-
dents who park offcampus to avoid 
permit fees is a concern to be dealt 
with before the administration im-
plements an official nighttime park-
ing policy. 

A.S. President John Ramirez 
expressed his disappointment at 
the low turnout. He added, how-
ever, thatthe focus of the AS would 
change next quarter from campus-
wide forums to more college ori-
ented forums, 

"It's not so much our opinion, 
but the student's opinion that con-
cerns me," Ramirez said, 

"Before we decide which direc-
tion we're going to take, we'd like 
to have the input of the students," 
he added. 

RE-KEYING 
Continued from page 3 

versity will try to put someone else 
in their space." 

Carruthers said that adminis-
trativeactions "will beslow, they'll 
be thoughtful and they ' ll be geared 
toward maintaining as many serv-
ices as we can for students, If they 
didn't sign the Space Agreement, I 
think we'd have to look at that and 
say, 'What does that all mean? ' I 
think there'd be a good dialogue. 

"Eviction . ,. isn't in the vo-
cabulary at this panicular point in 
time," said Carruthers. "I'm not 
trying to be evasive, I don ' ( think 
[eviction] is a natural consequence, 
The natural consequence should 
be that they serve students." 

A sentiment expressed by sev-
eral panies involved is the desire 
to settle the contlict soon, 

In an affinnation of a letter sent 
by the Center Board as to the time 
and energy all sides have put into 
the debate, Jones said that the issue 
is "a complete waste of 
everybody's time." 

"Why are we all worried about 
this problem? Why don't they just 
say, 'Hey, do you guys want to be 
on the University key system? We 
think it'd be great. But if you don't 
want to be on Ihe University key 
system, please make arrangements 
for us to get in in the absence of co-
op members,' " Jones said, 

"It'd be so imple, But instead, 
we're having to spend a1llhis time 
writing leiters back and fonh and 
negoliating with people who don ' t 
seem to ha ve any power to actually 
can)' out the negotiation," she 
concluded, 

The U CSD Guardian 

"I finally did 
what 1 always 
wanted to do: 
1 became a 
physician." 

Ala" Edu .. rds. M .D . WAG ellM of 1986) 
I lith Path" .. v ProKralll 
' l. tO'""P" ·' H",p' tal. Yo nker,. NY 

" I wasn't able to go to medical school right out of 
college. I had the desire and the motivation, but there 
were responsibilities I couldn't ignore. Finally, my 
persistance, patience, and planning paid off. I went to 
medical school and now I'm a doctor. 

"It's not too late. Make the choice," 

Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara 
School of Medicine 
Guada lajara, Jalisco, Mexi 0 

The International Choice 

• COlor Caplel 
• Binding 
• Self Serve Mocs 

NEWS 9 

• Loser Printing 
• Fax 
-Typewriters 

Call for your free Video preview: 
1-800-531-5494 let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

data 
systems 

UCSD 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE COMPUTER CENTER 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
(619) 534-4291 

EDUCATIONAL DISCOUNT PROGRAM 
BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIALS!! 

NEW PRICING - SAVE UP TO $600!! 
MiniSport laptop is a SIX POUND XT compatible with a 
8 Mhz 8088 processor, a 2" 720K drive, 1MB RAM, bacldit 
supertwist LCD senca, paraJleJ, serial aDd RGB ports, 
four bour battery, aad aD AC adapter/charger. 
STATE OF THE ART •• UGHT, YET POWERFUL 

DON'T LEAVE FOR CLASS WITHOUT IT!! 

Z·286·LP/12 is a 1% MHZ 80216 uro wait state, s ..... n 
rootpriDt desktop with a 20 MB barddisk, 1MB RAM, one 
3.5w noppy drive, a MOUSE, parallel pon aad 2 serial ports 
aad 14w FrM COLOR moaitor. With MS DOS aDd 
Microsoft Wladows with Write aDd PainL 
LOW COST, YET POWERFUL, WITH A MOUSE 

SuperSport 184-HR laptop Is a XT compatible with dual 
speed 8/4.77 Mhz 8088 processor, a 3.5" 720K drive, 640K 
RAM, 20 MB "ardellsk, run size backlit supertwist LCD 
screea, pal1l11el, serial aDd RGB ports, rour bour battery, 
a 30011%00 Baud modem, aad aD AC adapter/cb ....... 

DON'T LEAVE FOR CLASS WITHOUT IT!! 

Supersport 286 is aa 80286, switcbable 12/6 Mhz, zero 
wait stale laptop with 20 MB hardellsk, oue 3.5" 1.4 MB 
ftoPP1 drive, 1 MB or RAM, parallel port, serial port, aDd 
a rull size backlit supertwist LCD scl"ftn. Software iD-
cluded is Microsoft DOS. 

FAST, POWERFUL AND PORTABLE!! 

Z·386/l0 Model 40 is .. 80386 desktop ruaDiqat 20 mhz 
with 1mb or RAM, mouse aDd a 3.5" 1.44mb diskdrive. The 
s)'!tem comes with a color 14" FTM mODitor. Comes with MS 
DOS aDd Microsoft Windows witb Write aDd PaiDt 

SPECIAL SOFTWARE OFFER 
Mlcoo&OrrWOQD AND l:XCfL BUNDLtwmt !Jf( ~Yc§'l!M 

$1236 
( W/2mbRAM') ~. --...:Sc-'_! ~ 

$2061 
8 mhz version ... 

S'855 

$1752 

<$2473 
1 ...... 40 .. bbanldiot 

$2782 

$3504 

$103 
PRICES SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. OTHER SYSTEMS AVMABlE· FOR INFORMATION CAll (213) 695-0721. ASK FOR EDUCATIONAl SAlES COOADINATOR, SOUTHERN AREA. 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 20,1989 

Features 

·Pholographs by Gail Johnson, Associate Photo Editor 
• tory by James Collier, Features Editor 
Parr of an ongoing series on rhe border 

he United States Border Patrol may be T under-manned, ill-equipped, and overwhelmed, but, said Phillup Barrera. 
an agent for the p:ltrol. "We're proud." 

Barrera works with what is called the Imperial 
Beach Slation, which consists 
of Otay. Imperial Beach. and 
Chula Vista. He calls this area 
"the mainline of the border." 

Barrera. 26. has been work-
ing with the Border Patrol two-
and-a-half years, and has 
worked in San Diego the entire 
time. 

"If you are ever going to 
learn the job, this is the place," 
he said. 

"The area needed to be covered between Mex-
ico and the U.S . is a lot [clo er to urba n areas], so 
their chances [of getting across] are obviously 
greater," Barrera said, noting that it is easier to 
hide around urban area. " It's come to the point 
that most of the traffic [of illegal aliens] is 
coming in the San Diego Seclor ... " 

Agents of the Imperial Beach Stalion work a 
five-mile stretch that start~ at 
the San Ysidro Entry Port and 
ends at the Pacific Ocean. 

"Within the five m iles, 
there's a lot of territory to 
cover. Even within a hal f-mile, 
there's a lo t of terrilOry .. 
.Unless you work around it, it's 
hard to believe," Bam ;:ra said. 

Barrera said a major crossing 
point in the Imperial Beach 
Station is what is commonly 
called "the Levee." He works the "swing shift" 

from 5 p.m. to 11 p.m., though 
Barrera said that " we actually 
work 1 O-hour days with over-
time." 

"The Soccer Field [an area 

Phil/up Barrera . .. 
"You got to be firm . .. 

The area has a north levee on 
the U.S. side and a south levee 
on the Mexican side. A sewage 
disposal line, dubbed the 
"river," separates the two 

east of the San Ysidro crossing point] is ex-
tremely notorious for aliens to get across," he 
said. "It used to be a major crossing point for 
illegal aliens, but they fo und other outlets that 
are a Iinle easier." 

By moving westward, past the San Ysidro 
entry point, illegal aliens have been able to find 
areas where the chances of crossing will in-
crease. 

levees. It is here where a large number of the 
Imperial Beach Station agents are placed. 

" It seems all the focus has gone to the Imperial 
Beach side," Barrera said. 

Along the border, there are areas where there 
is no physical barrier separating Mexico from the 
U.S. In many of the areas along the border, 
people watch and wait for an opening in the 

See PATROL, page 11 

A view of part of the area covered by the agents of the Border Patrol's Imperial Beach Station. 

On the south levee: 
people stand 
silhouetted in front of 
field lights from the 
the Mexican side of 
the border. 

Border Patrolmen watch for illegal aliens crossing a 
sewage drainage ditch. 

'It's kind of frustrating 
because people see 
only one side of it. It 
makes us look like the 
bad guys' 

Thursday, November 20, 1989 

Patrol 
Continued rrom page 10 
Border Patrol's defenses. 

"Come dark, the race is on," 
Barrera said. "It's really some-
thing to see." 

megal migrants usually wait 
for large numbers of people to 
cross in order to increase their 
chances at succeeding, Berrara 
said. 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

But not all of these people are 
your hard-working Guatamala 
loes . . .It's just like anything 
else- you're going to get the 
good ones and the bad ones. 
I'm not saying that they're all 
bad . . . there are some hard-
working people. We encounter 
some of these not-so-good 
people very often. Some people 
don ' t see that " 

"It's pretty quiet tonight," 
Barrera said. "Usually though, 
most of the action happens 
during shift change, or on the 
weekend. 

"Sometimes there are so many 
of [illegal aliens] that it comes to 
the point that all you can do is 
grab one with each arm as the 
others go by .. . What else can 

'We don't hardly get any respect from 
the public. A lot of people think we 
don't do our jobs, but it's the numbers 
that make it seem that way. I 

Many people feel the Border 
Patrol isn' t doing its job, Barrera 
said. 

"We don' t hardly get any 
respect from the public. A lot of 
people think we don ' t do our 
jobs, but it's the numbers that 
make it seem that way," he said. 

"lust watching all of these 
people go by, literally going by. 
Sometimes we ' re forced to stay 
in one area, because the moun-
tain [of people] will come, if 
you move from your position 
just to grab four or fi ve [aliens] . 
Sometimes you' re actually just 
doing your job by staying in one 
place and keeping a larger group 
in check," Barrera said. 
"There' s only so much that you 
can do." 

you do?" 
Does the job ever seem 

hopeless? 
"You have to look at it from 

the positive side," he said. "It is 
frustrating, and it does make for 
a long day, that's for sure. But, 
from hearing from agents who've 
been here longer, it appears like 
the numbers [of people crossing] 
are growing and growing and 
they will take advWltage of it. 
What else can you do, but go out 
and try your best?" 

Barrera, originally from 
Texas, said that the Border Patrol 
suffers from a bad image in the 
eyes of Californians. 

"[In] Texas, there seems to be 
a more respectful attitude 
towards law enforcement. 
Coming out here to California 
has been a whole new ball of 
wax . .. that was one of the major 
letdowns I had when I carne out 
here." 

Another aspect of the Border 
Patrol ' s bad image is that they 
are seen by some of the public as 
"the bad guys," Barrera said. 

"It's kind of frustrating 
because people see only one side 
of it. It makes us look like the 
bad guys," Barrera said. "People 
look down on us. 'These guys 
are bad, because they won't let 
poor Old Juan work [in the 
U.S.]. ' But it comes with the job. 

"A lot of people don't want to 
hear this. They'll say, 'They just 
want to come over and work,' 
and there's some truth to that. 

• SElF SEJMCE COPIERS 
• 'IOl..UME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 
• Free PaI1dng • Book Binding 
• Copies while you walt 

Hours: M-Th 8:»6:30, Fri. 8:~ 
SIt. 1!H • 31111 HolIday Court 

La Jolla MIlt to St. GcrmIIin's 

451·9949 

-Phil/up Barrera 

"I like the job, and I like to 
think. we're making a differ-
ence," he said. 

Barrera usually works alone 
and said that about the only time 
agents ever "double-up" is when 
they are trainees, when they 
work in high brush areas, or 
when the Border Patrol does not 
have enough vehicles. 

"One of our problems is a 
shortage of vehicles," he said. 
" Sometimes we just don' t have 
enough cars to go around. We 
have plenty of cars, but they all 
seem to be in the shop. 

"Most of our vehicles aren ' t 
in that bad shape ... working in 
these open areas we just put a lot 
of hard miles on them. Once 
our vehicles reach 30,000 miles, 
they ' ve lived a lifetime." 

Working alone increases the 
danger for the agents in the 
field, Barrera said. 

"We usually work alone,just 
within radio contact. We try to 
work close enough so that, if an 
agent needs help or assistance, 
somebody can help them," he 
said. "You never know when 

See PATROL, page 12 

I=L---l~ HARDDISK ONLY 0 
Mac Hard Disk Specials IBM XT fPC/ AT Specials 

Apple Mac II, SE, Plus HARDDISK ONLY Special 
20 MB External, 65ms Hard Disk, with cables and software 
Originally $495 . .. . .. . ... ... ........... ... ...... Sale $379 

External Disks Internal Disks 
20 MD, 40ms . . .. $435 20 MB, 40ms .... $325 
30 MB, 40ms .... $450 30 MB, 40ms .... $360 
4S MD, tOms, ..• $499 45 MD, 40ms .. .. $423 

Installations on 
internals .. $40 

64 MB, 40ms . .. . $557 ·64 MD, 40ms .... $499 "Good on 
80 MS, 28ms . . .. $619 "80 MS, 28ms . ... $590 Mac II's only 
Please call for larger sized internal and external hard disks over 80 MB. 

IBM PC/XT/AT and Compatible Hard Disk Cards 
20 MS, 4Oms, (XT) . .. . $299 20 MB, 4Oms, (AT) .... $349 
30 MS, 4Oms, (XT) .. . . $310 30 MB, 4Oms, (AT) .. .. $380 
20 MS, 4Oms, (Tandy) . $305 45 MB, 4Oms, (AT) .... $475 
HARDDlSK ONLY carri .. Conner, COC, Maxlor, Micropolis, Miniocribe, PtWn. Quonlum, s...ote. Etc. 
In dlob ' ..... 8 from 20 MD 10 15 CD. All hard disks com. with a one year pula. t.bor wuronty and • 
&ee hard disk lnAnaptnft'lt dan. AU pt'OdliCt .. ,... IN ............. eft'IIrb .. ta. ..,..a:6w ........ 

455-0277 FAX 455-6139 



12 FEATURES 

Patrol 
Continued from page 11 

people will gang up on you -
it' happened. 

"Everybody says, • [illegal 
aliens are 1 not anned,' or 
something to that effect. All it 
takes is three of them to over-
power one agent. and they can do 
a lot of damage. Just a rock 
alone can do a lot of damage .. , 

Aliens aren't Barrera's only 
concern. He said agents also 
encounter drug traffickers and 
bandits. 

"You got to keep your guard 
up. A lot of time some of us get 
complacent becau e we deal 
mostly wuh aliens. aliens, aliens. 
We've got to remmd ourselves 
that you never know when 
something will go down. you've 
got to be on alert. '. 

Berrara said that bemg 
Hispamc has helped him 10 the 
perfonnance of his job, but it has 
al 0 been a detriment. 

"The aliens are inclined to 
make you feel guilty - espe-
cially the ones who are a darker 
color than myself. Right away, 
they' II pinpoint us out and say, 
'Hey. you're Mexican like me-
you're just like me, how can you 
do this?' In other words, they try 
to lay on a guilt trip," 

How does Barrera react to the 
guilt trips? 

"1 respond to that by saying, 
• 0, we ' re not the arne, because 
I was born and raised in the U.S.' 
I consider myself an American, 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

'No matter how 
hard it might be-
you got to be 
firm. ' 
as simple as that." 

Learning to deal with the 
people who cross illegally is one 
of the factor in ucceeding at the 
job, Barrera said. 

"You got to be firm, but you 
have to be understanding," 
Barrera said. "You've got to be 
the sort of person who has 
moral ... scruples ... whatever 
you want to call it. 

.. 'ou can ' t let that momma 
and poppa WIth their little 
newborn infant get across Just 
because you feel sorry for them. 
It is pretty hard sometimes. nd 
yet we see it all the time. Here 
;hey are dragging a little infant 
- it' ll get to you - any nonnal 
human being It'll get to. 

"But you have to consider that 
you have to look out for your 
job. If you can ' t handle it, you 
might as well hang it up and do 
something else. You got to know 
where to draw the line. No 
matter how hard it might be -
you got to be finn. " 

Barrera saId that, because of 
the frustrations of being an agent , 
a sen e of humor is needed for 
the job. 

"You do need a sense of 
humor for the job. If you take 
this job too eriously, you ' ll go 
crazy- you will," 

• 

Get a business calculator 
that has no equal. 

• Get an HP-12C. So advanced it doesn't need 
an "equals" key. So extremely simple to use, you'll 
get financial solutions at the touch of a key! 

• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 

The HP-12C's innovative design eliminates a vast 
number of keystrokes. That saves you time, and gives 
you greater confidence your calculations are proceed-
ing correctly. 

With the HP-12C, you get more finandal calculating 
power than with any other handheld! 

Get an HP-12C - from a dealer 
who has no equal. 

• 

l \ 1\ I'!\I",I 1'\ j. L... j j I 

r.c.., HE:WLETT 
ILT ... PACKARD 

Computer Center 534-4320 
Electronics 

I.. IL--.I I 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 20, 1989 

• 

• , 

• , 

, 
• , 

, 
• , 
, 
• , 

Health and Fitness 
Begin With 

Quality Health Care. 
Planned 

Parenthood 
offers 

• Routine gynecological 
exams 

• Pap smears 
• Breast exams 
• Testing & treatment of 

sexually transmitted 
diseases 

• Contraceptive services 
• Pregnancy tests 
• Prenatal care 
• Abortion care 

Stay laulthy with 
Pla.ned Pare.thood 

• Convenient hours. Affordable prices. 1 0 locations 

CALL 
231-6760 

for the office nearest you 

Planned Parenthood 
offering women-centered 
health care for more than 

twenty-five years 
. . , . . ,. . . ,. . . ,. . . ,. . 

Monday, November 20,1989 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

't..J . (Phil is currently 8-6) 
'~.- /) 

It.: I~·· ~. 
... ...:,.~ . 

'1:.' , 

~onday Night Footb.all 
Favorite 
WASHINGTON 

Spread 
Even'" 

Underdog 
Denver 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... A couple of years ago, the 
Washington Redskins trounced the Denver Broncos in 
the Super Bowl. I lost money on that game, thinking the 
heavily favored Broncos and John Elway would easi-
lytake care of the Redskins. I also learn from my mis-
takes, It's actually quite simple: Never, never, bet against 
the NFC. Never. The NFC has won the last five Super 
Bowls in a row, and some of its mediocre teams (Green 
Bay, Phoenix, and New Orleans) are better than most of 
the AFC' s top teams. The Broncos might be the best team 
in the AFC, but Washington is an NFC team. PHll. says .. , 

TAKE THE REDSKINS 
'Official line from HIJ/I·.,,,,, L<>c. Lompoc. CA 

The UCSD Guardian 

M.SOC·CER 
Continued from page 20 
St.lohn's, both on the road, soared 
the team into last Friday's game 
with renewed confidence . 
. "If we ended up winning 

[against Elizabethtown]," Ann-
strong said, "I think we could've 
won the whole thing." 

Instead, they'll have to wait 
another year. 

CROSS 
Continued from page 20 
tearn may have suffered because 
of his instructions, falling back 
early and never really managing to 
get back into the race. 

"I screwed up from a coaching 
standpoint," Stanforth admitted. "1 
think maybe 1 overstressed [not 
getting too excited]," 

The Triton men, however, bene-
fitted from the watching the women 
in the II a.m. race and did not 
make the arne mistakes in their 12 
p.m. race, according to Stanforth. 

"We're getting better every 
year," he concluded. 

IF THE GEO METRO IS YOUR FIRST NEW CAR YOU CAN GET $600 TOWARDS 
YOUR DOWN PAYMENT IF YOU FINANCE WITH GMAC.· 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Sophomore Darvin Jackson will 
be leading the Tritons at the 
point this year. 

Triton Tip-OtT 
Tournameut 

UCSD, X,a (N}), La Y'I'M, 
(".d Occid".141 in "..,,', 
btuketbtlll t.Idioll this ,.,,,ltlUl 
in IIu MtIiIt G, .... 

STANDARD FEATURES include 1.0 liter Single Overhead Cam engine, EFI, 
4-wheellndependent MacPherson strut suspension, rack and pinion steering, 
EPA estimated MPG for XFi model : 53 city/58 highway. Get to know 

All Ge:o vehtc.lts art COYCfcd byGcncrlJ Motors' 
Jye.r SO OOOmtlr: Bumpe:rtoBurnptrptus Warranty 
Su 'fOU' dultr tor ttrms of tf'IIS hm.ttd warranty 

' See your participating dealer 
for qualification de~lls . 

Gee 
Now at your nearby ChevroletlGeo dealer. 

SPORTS 13 

UPDATE 
Continued (rom page 20 
Saturday's runaway victories for 
both the men and the women in the 
UCSD Relays at Canyonview Pool. 

Katy Arnold qualified in the 
200 yard freestyle, while UCSD 
divers Cathi Wood (three-meter). 

. Ruth Prange (one-meter and three 
meter), and Dan Osgood (one-
meter and three-meter) also quali-
fied. 

The Tritons do not have another 
meet until Dec. 30. 

Men's Hoop Loses 
Preseason Contest 

UCSD dropped its final presea-
son contest, losing 85-75 to the 
Australian Institute of Sport in the 
Main Gym on Saturday night. 

Tom Shawcroftled Triton scor-
ers with 23 points, while both 
Gordon McNeill and Tim Rapp 
added 15. 

UCSD opens its regular season 
on Tuesday against Whittier at 7 
p.m. in the Main Gym. 

-cDlflpikd by Phil and DtuUI 

DO SOMETHING DIFFIR~EN1I 
DURING YOUR 

HOUDAY .IEAK! 

Intensive la"9uage programs 
in France, SWItzerland, Spain, 
Germany & Italy. 3 - 10week 
programs. Special language 
teacher refresher courses too! 
Family or hotel accommoda-
tions! Call for details and 
FREE Catalog! 

Council TrMI 
ucso Prtce Center 0 -076 

LI JoIII, CA 92093 
61'·451·0630 

WINKlE 
PRATNEY 

Internationally known 
author, teacher and 
conference speaker. 

APPEARING 
7:30 p.m., Mon. & Tue. 

Nov. 20,21 
Galbraith Hall (HL) 1438 

SCIENCE AND 
THE BIBLE 

Challenging, Enlightening, 
and Thought Provoking. 

Sponsored by Chi Alpha 
Christian Fellowship 

494-9073 



The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 20,1989 

-Paid Advertisement-

AS PRO GRAMMING 
••••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

TTENTION STUDENT 
ORGANIZATIONS!!! .TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· • CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • • • 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • It is time once again to ubmit your articles and/or specla event 
updates for the Winter Student Organization Newsletter. Please 
have those typed, lengthy articles - with catchy headlines - into 
Mary Allen's office, Room 3.321, before Friday, December 8th 
] 989. Tell the campus and other org~izations what your group 
is doing next quarter. Remember: articles are subject to editing 
for length and content. 

A.S. NEEDSSTUDENTSTOFILL 
THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS 
IMMEDIATELY: 
SPORTS RELATIONS DIRECTOR! The duties Include 
organizing and chairing a Sports Relations Committee to 
represent all sports related organizations to the A.S. Coun-
cil. To cooroinate sport events With other programmed ac-
tivities and to promote sports activities to the Associated 
Students. 
ELECTIONS MANAGER - Paid position: The Election 
Manager shall appoint and chair no less than two election 
committees. Shall supervise, organize and publicize all 
aspects of the Election. Shall work in conjunction with 
Election Codes and A.S. Constitution. 

CAMPUSWIDE COMMITTEES; 
Bookstore Advisory Committee 

Canyonview Advisory Committee 
Chancellor's Advisory Committee on 

Instructional Improvement 
On Campus Residential & Food Services Advisory 

Parking & Transportation Advisory 
Security Advisory Committee - 1 resident student 

Summer Session Advisory Committee 
Vehicle Accident Review 

Pop Events 
Music Committee 

Dance/Drama Committee 
Speci3.1 Events Committee 

Film Committee 

Donlt miss t he 
allroom Dance 

C ubs 
rke rot 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
RACQUETBALL CLUB has slarlCd up again this year for beginning, intermediate and 
advanced players. Everyone is welcome. We are playing on Mon. nights 8-10 and Sat. 
mornings 9-11 at the Canyon view Courts. For more info call Steve at 943-8273. 
ENUGHTENED IMAGES & University Events present JAZZ NIGHT SERIES AT 
ROMA. AnightofLivePianoJazz@ExpressoRoma. Mon., Nov. 20th 7:30pm-9:30pm. 
GENERAL STORE CO-OPj HOLIDAY SALE! Just mention this ad and get 10% off 
SOFf GOODS: backpacks, clothing, Rojos products, hair accessories. What a deal! Get 
1<>% off the lowest prices on campus. Open M-F8:45-5:00. Located in LheStudentCenter. 
Offer good thru Dec. 31. 
cm ALPHA CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP is sponsoring internationally known author 
and lecturer Winkie Pramey. Mon. & Tues., Nov. 20 & 21 817:30 p.m. in Galbraith Hall 
*1438. His subject is Science and the Bible. Come hear this challenging and dynamic 
speaker both nights. Everyone is welcome. (For more info call Jim 8t494-9073) 
!USC The mandatory AIL-CAL meeting is Wed. , Nov. 29th in PH 110 at 8: 15 pm. Bus 
SKI Condo sign-ups in RISC offICe are due Wed. 22nd. 
INTERNATIONAL PQLmCS AND ECONOMICS FORUM Present Prof. Timothy 
McDaniel. He will give a lecture, "The Social Context of Political OIange in the Soviet 
Union" foUowed by an account of "The Grass Roots Look 8t East Germany" by Prof. 
Richard Biernacki, who was in E. Germany during the recent refugee crisis. This will be 
held on Tues. Nov. 21 at 7:30 pm in the Berkeley Rm-Price Center 2nd Roar. Admission 
is Free! For more info, contact Robert Pickar at 458-9754. 
UJAlUJSPresent: TIffiFRISCO KID Tues, Nov. 21 at 8:00 pm in the Price CIT. FREE!! 
UNION OF JEWISH STUDENTS & The San Diego Public Affairs Committee present 
Alan Dershowitz on The Arab-Israeli Conflict. Mon, Nov. 20 at 7:30 pm at USB 2622. 

. ~i~i_~ ••• !1 
local, state andJja.~pliru levelS foranWijQ,~u1des:\JWte.inshi '·stah' c· 

• • •. ,........ • .•. ,., ..•.... ,... ..,... .y .,.,., •••.•....•• ,..... . .•.• ,. .• ", ..•..• , ..•.• ,......" ..•...• :tL .. , .. , ... , .. g 
iofie]dS ,~u(;bas.JVtarid: COmmuiiicatioifs;Biologya#df.tealt~:E4ucdiibn· Econ{)~19~,,· ~.:~gement~§p~ne~#h~: scle~¢~ .. AA~:;if~~h.~p~8~~:: 

,. Law an<rPo.li~!i9S/G~verq~ec~tr!nd Enyironm~~M··:~i~~ies: 1;J1t<>4~~ " 
.' internsN~,~udent~,pin gaini>ractict.thvQrk;ex~rienceandenha:~~ . 
, career?pportuoitieS;: .i\S,10 mvit~ you· [0 look thrOugh· our bqc;k~' hlld··' 

tapc:top~ s.!~f{~#ffhe . benefi.rS· of anintelJlShip .. ASIQalso,ha$ ASAP '· 
Ultemsbip Opp.Qhu@resfor students wbo need an intem~hip immediare(y. 

.' ..... , .. '. ,.'.'.::.. ." . . .... ;..... . ;', ;' 

ASSISTANT 
STUDENT ADVOCATE 

Positions Available 
• • • • • • • • 

e 
on luesdav, ovember 2 , 1989 

from , to 9 p.m. at Ute Price Center 
....a I m ! 

.. alUaDce fee lS Ic quucu. 0 CtCpUicna: is Ileedcd. 
O .... ce I£S50DS .n1l 1M- .wn. J 1I.5t brmg you tn.,.,cb 

r:dJ .v.e"'~h"~Umr l 

The ASUCSD and Transportation 
Alternatives Office will be providing shuttle 
service for UCSD students to the airport and 

the Oel Mar Amtrak station for the 
Thanksgiving holiday. 

Assistant Advocates aid the A.S. Stu-
dent Advocate by helping individual 
students solve administrative problems 
and researching and reviewing cases 
and Univerisity policies. Experience 
is not required, nOT is a huge time com-
nsittment - only a willingness to work 
for student rights. 
~jOY c 

" tmosp «:Ie 
&.ad • 

,WeshIDCDb • • 

:;:QI~.iIII ... _W,e 1\ be _iUDg 101 you l ~~~ 
ASC~~ ~~ 

.-........... . 
.... -... .,. .., 

•• ' Wednesday, Nov. 22 -'" I . • ~, Returning: Sunday, Nov. 26 ,.1 
~. ~ 

.... .. . .... -
............. -

Calf 534-RIOE 
for info and reservations 

Interestu{ studtnts sfioull contac t Joe :[{oren 
tlirougfi t fu Jfs. 0 ice on tlu 3 rd {oar oj tlu. 

1'ria CtllW 534-4450. 

Monday, November 20,1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Reaulatlons: 

address. and phone number to Sports 
Editor, UCSD Guardian. B'()J6. La 
Jolla, CA 92093. You can also drop II 
off in the sports editor's box at the 
Guardlanojfice,localed on the second 
floor of the Old Student Center across 
from the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff, and fac-
ulty are eligible to enler, except for 
Guardian staff members and employ· 
ees of B}'s Chicago Pizurl4 

tries not selected as the grand prize 
winner will be considered runners·up. 

• Only one entry per person, per 
week. Enrries must be at the Guardian 
by 5 p.m. Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will reo 
ceive two $5 gift certlficatesfrom BJ's. 
Runners·up can obtain afree pitcher 
ofMichelobDraft or soda when dining 
at B}', Chicago Pizzeria, located in 
La Jolla Village Square. 

This week's questloos: 

• Send the entry on an 8 112" by 
1 J H piece of paper along with your 
na~, year in school. hometown, 
college you attend at UCSD, major, 

• The person who co~s up with Ihe 
most correct answers. as determined 
by the judges, will be declared lhe 
grand prize winner and will be recog-
nized when the quiz is printed thefol· 
lowing weeJc. In the event of a tie, a 
drawing will be held to determine the 
grand prize winner. Those correct en· 

1. Have the Los Angeles Lak· 
ers retired the number 33 jersey of 
Karcem AbduJ·Jabbar? 

1. What were the lasttwo teams 
added to the NFL? 

3. What Is the logo on the side 

L. JO". VI" .. e Squ.re 
Dent •• Group GHer. You I 

• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING APPTS. 
• STEREO HEADPHONES 
• NITROUS OXIDE 

• VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• INSTANT INSURANCE 

EVALUATION 
• STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

• Z4 HOUR EMEHENCY saViCE 
• 01lAL SUlta.IIY POW WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••• -_ •••••• -

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY SZ9 ~::. 
Inclu~s · C~,,",ng & PoI"h'ng. X-Rays. Oral Co1nc~r wm and PT/val~ ConsultalJOn Expi .... 12/20/89 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

DAVID S. ES",OM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA. CDA, SDCDS. Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La .Jolla Dr ., Sult~ 501 455-,91 51 
Ibellind Klrlko ~I 

• $20' Rebate" • 
On J-llYs Top-of-the-line Calculators 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• • HP 285 Advanced. Scientific Calculator 

tt. · HP 178 Business Calculator 
• HP Business Consultant II 

• Applies to purchases made between 

• 

• November 1, 1989 and December 31, 1989. 
Come in today for details. 
HP Calculators - the best 
for your success. r~.,. HEWI.ETT ~~ PACKARD 

• ~.-----------------~-----------------.r---------.... --~--.... ----~ tt.. , tt. · ,tt..,tt..,tt.. 

• 
t· \ I\'E f~S ITI' 

• 

H()( H\STORE 
• II --.. I 

· ~ . . ~ 

Computer Center 534-4320 
Electronics 

• . ~ . . ~ . . ~ 

,. 
• , 

, 

, 

t 
• , 

t 
• , 

t 
• , 

t 
• 

of the Cleveland Browns' helmets? 
4. Who was the 1989 Heisman Tro· 

phy winner, and what NfL team does 
he now play for? 

5. Which horse won the Breeder's 
Cup Classic recently? 

6. How many regular season games 
have the Dallas Cowboys won this 
year? 

7. Rex Chapman played his col· 
lege basketball where? 

8. How many Cy Young Awards 
has Kansas City pitcher Bret Saber· 
hagen won? 

9. True or false: Fonner baseball 
great Reggie Jackson owns a car deal-
ership in Oalcland. 

10. What city held this year's 
Division III cross country National 
Championships? 

SPORTS IS 

Last week's answers: 
1. Five ovenimes 
2. San Francisco Giants 
3. Pittsburgh Penguins 
4. Madison Square Garden 
S. Roberto Duran 
6. 2)NBC 
7. Nonh Carolina State 
8. Y omiuri Giants 
9. Golden State Warriors 
10. Two (out of five) 

Last week's winner: 
Ryan Campbell 
First·year student, Warren 
Communications 
Manhattan Beach, CA 

RUDDers-UP: 
to people 
(List will be posted at BJ' s) 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising I. sold In 
15-word Increments. The rate per 
15 words I. $1 for students, $3 
for faculty and steff, and $4 for 
others. Payment In advance Is 
required; therefore, ads must be 
mailed with • check (made 
payable to The UCSD Guardian) 
or preeented In person. Plea .. 
have euet change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thuradayfor Monday's 
peper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Gu.rdt.n 
reserves the right to refu .. any 
advertising Including but not 
limited to companionship ad. For 
more Information call 534-5416. 
The Guardllln, UCSD, 8-016, La 
Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEf,lENTS 

Visit Japan next summer. Live with 
Japane~e host families, tour; 
camping, and much more, 432-
2053. (11/6-30, 1/4) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSDI Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth , education , 
prayer, socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students I 502 
Matthews; east olthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (11/ 
2-30) 

~'s Cooking Wkshp, Wed, 11122 
at Inl'l Cntr Kitchen, 4-6 pm. ~ 
~I (1111 6-20) 

DIET CENTER at University City 
will teach you to shed those pounds 
and inches while you heighten your 
body's energy. At DIET CENTER 
you'll find some great people with a 
great plan. Feel good about 
yourself I Call 587-1n5. (1 1/6-30) 

SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC, 
December 9-16f Package includes 
5-day lift pass, transportation, 
deluxe lodging on the mountain, 2 
dances, 2 races, 2 picnics, 
broomball, thumper, many 
contests, refreshments and morel 
TICkets: $389 bus, $525 air, $298 
ground, on sale now at box officel 
(11/6-20) 

CRUISE SHIPS NOW 
HIRING for spring, 
Christmas and next 

summer breaks. 
Many positions. 

Call 1-805-682-7555, 
ext. S-1023. 

kinko'S' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 

I 

A.S. Internship office National 
Program Info Night is Wed. Nov. 
29,6-7 pm, Price Center, Rm 548, 
2nd floor. Don't miss out on a 
summer intemship on the EAST 
COASTI (11120) 
Grass-Roots Expo '89-'90 is a 
sharing of "Action Projects," in 
which student teams have created 
media works to serve social 
organizations. Come see on 
Tuesday, November 28 in front of 
Media Center at noon. (11120-11/ 
27) 

SERVICES 

Word Processing. Free pickupl 
delivery. Editing/grammar check 
included. Call : Judith 551-2632. (111 
16-30) 

TypinglWord Processing: 
Academic manuscripts, theses, 
books, letters, resumes. Fast 
service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (111 
2-30) 

WORD PROCESSING - Fast, 
dependable service. Rush jobs 
taken. Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. 
(9/28-11/30) 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. 
Stlldentdiscounts. (619) 5584644. 
(619) 226-1962. (9/18-1/4) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (10/9-3/12) 

WORD PROCESSING-NEXTTO 
UCSD! Term papers, manuscripts, 
resumes, theses. Laser typeset 
quality. Marsha 535-8260. (10/16-
11/30) 

For the lowest fares call us, your 
friendly It's a Small World Travel 
Agent, 459-0681. (10123-11127) 

Word Processing/Typing - IBM/ 
Macintosh systems - APA available 
- Spelling corrected - Rush jobs 
specialty - Clairemont 274-83OS. 
(10/23-11/30) 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLE! 
Specuu CoUege 

Student Program 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6000 
WESTLAND 

Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino 
Del Rio North 

#31S 

AIRLINES NOW 
HIRING. 

Travel Agents, 
Flight Attendants, 
Mechanics, etc. 

Entry level and up. 
Salaries to $105K. 

Call 1-805-682-7555, 
ext. A-1 056. 

TYPING - TERM ,THESES, 
LEGAL, MEDICAL, REPORTS. 
BUSH JOBS! 7-DAYS A WEEK. 
MARIE, 931-9596. (10/30-11130) 
DIET CENTER at University City 
will teach you to shed those pounds 
and inches while you heighten your 
body's energy. At DIET CENTER 
you'll find some great people with a 
great plan. Feel good about 
yourselfl Call 587-1775. (11/6-30) 

WORD PROCESSING, Student 
Rates, papers, experienced 
dissertations, 7 days a week, 4.0 
English Skills, 755-2683. (11/13-11 
4) 

WORD PROCESSING - IBM wI 
laser printer. Student papers. $2.00/ 
Double space page. InpuVOutput. 
530-0470. (11/13-11130) 
Word Processing Services. 
ExceUentOuality -Reasonable. Call 
Lisa 566-9096. (11/13-11/20) 
WE'LL HELP YOU MAKE THE 
GRADE: Exceptional word 
processing, typing, editing, resume 
development, cover letters, 
personal essays, graduate school 
applications, team projects, exams, 
term papers, theses, dissertations. 
Professional quality at student 
rates, on time and accurate. No job 
too big or too small. Rush jobs 
accepted. Impact or laser printing. 
Tutoring. Serving UCSO students, 
faculty and stafff since 1982. 454-
6860. (11120-11130) 
Word Processing Services. Papers, 
Theses, Resumes. Call Lisa 566-
9096. (11120-11127) 
TypingIWord ProceSSing. One day 
service. Free editing. $1 .75 per 
page. Call Ann 229-9119. (11120-
11/30) 

DATAPRO'SNETWORK- Typing 
& word processing. Professional, 
fast, reasonable rates. 273-4845. 
(11120) 
MASSAGE: RELAX and 
RELEASE TENSION, lasting 
wellbeing through professional 
touch; student discount, Thomas 
274-9240. (11/20-11127) 

SEIZED CARS, 
trucks, 4-wheelers, 
stereos, furniture, 

computers by DEA, 
FBI, IRS and U.S. 

customs. Available for 
your area now. 

Call 1-805-682-7555 
ext. C-1199. 

ADORABLE ANIMAL 
RUBBER STAMPS! 

GIANT CATAUX: FEAMUNC 
OVER 1000 DESIGNS! 

\'/ ANT E [) 
, 

Wendy's at the Price Center is 
looking for some good peoplel 
Flexible hours - built around YQUB 
schedule, free 'meals. $5.00lhr 
starting ... Call 450-9425 and ask 
for Warren or Kymberlelgh. (11/16-
20) 
AFREEGIFT JUST FOR CALLING 
PLUS RAISE UP TO $1 ,700.00 IN 
ONLY TEN DAYSIII Student 
groups, fraternities and sororities 
needed for marketing project on 
campus. For details plus a FREE 
GIFT, group officers call 1-800-
950-8472, ext O. (11/16-20) 
Counter help/seles. Leather Magic 
Shoe Repair needs fulVpart time 
help. Call 452-2002. (11/16-20) 
Zebra Copy is hiring customer 
service/production staff. All shifts 
part time or full time. Must have a 
professional attitude, good 
communication skills and 
enthusiasm. Copy experience 
preferred. Above average pay. 457-
1007 (1112-30) 
Summer management intemship 
interviews now taking piece. Gain 
valuable experience managing a 
team of employees, customers and 
suppliers. SUC08ssful applicants 
undergo extensive training . 
Average earnings $6-10,000. Call 
·Student Painters" 1-800-426-
6441 . (1015-11130) 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the eff8cts of alcohol. If 
you are a UCSD student or non-
8cademlcstaff, American born male 
of entirely Japanese, Chinese, or 
Korean descent, call Scripps Clinic 
and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192. (9/18-1/4) 
ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS! $32,OOOIyear 
Income potential. Details (1) 602-
838-8885 Ext. Bk18113. (1119-111 
20) 
ATTENTiON HIRINGI 
Government jobs - your area. 
$17,840 - $69,485. Can 1-602-838-
8885. Ext R18113. (11/9-11120) 

CtJSmfIflc & ,.," 
DENTISTRY 
Take the bile out 

of your dental concerns 

214-BlTE 
274-2483 

namet :r. Sefain, 'lJ.M.'D. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
After work I After class 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 CI.J,."",,,, Mea Bird. 
(corner of Genesee) 

REPOSSESSED VA 
& HUDHOMES 
available from 

government from $1 
without credit check. 
You repair. Also tax 

delinquent foreclosures. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

ext. H-I443 for repo list 
for your area. 

Monday, November 20, 1989 

House cleaners - Flex. Part time 
hours, schedule around school, $8/ 
hr. must have car, speak English, 
reliable, have good references. 10-
25 hrs per week, pleasant work 
environment, call 481-4616 
between 5 pm - 8 pm M - F. (11/13-
11130) 

Warren Students, want to get 
involved? Intemal and Extemal 
Committee positions available. 
Information Warren Provost. (11/ 
20) 

Progrllll1mer job available. Unix! 
C with signal processing. Up to 30 
hrlwk. Call #553-8376 (11/20) 

WANTED: PIANO TEACHER. No 
degree required. Willing to travel 
locally. Call Encinitas Tutoring 
Agency. 436-6264. (11/20) 

PROMOTE THE HOLIDAY 
GIVING SPIRITI UCSD Annual 
Fund. On Campus, Flexible hours. 
$7Ihr. 587-1585. (11120-11/30) 

Sales person part-time. La Jolla 
Beauty Supplies. Mature, reliable 
and enthusiastic. 551 -0611. (11/ 
20-11/30) 

f- U Po l, ALE 

PAUL McCARTNEY 4 tickets for 
November 28 at LA Forum. 
Colonade seats. Price negotiable. 
558-6522. (11-16-20) 

Chevrolet Citation 81, ex. condo 
new radiator, water pump & wheels. 
$1900 or the best. 546-8059 (111 
16-23) 

Dining set (4 chairs) $60, desk 
$40, twin mattress $50, and lots of 
toys. 546-8059 (11/16-23) 

FOR SALE: Three round-trip 
discount airfares, LAX to PHX, Nov 
21-25, any/all. Steve 805/646-
9526. (11/16-20) 

Futon & hardwood frame $1OS. 
Unused. Can deliver. 268-0814. 
(11/8-30) 

Violin (Suzuki) Ful 8I%e, excellent 
condition. $300 firm. 455-0931 ask 
for Patricia. (11/6-30) 

TWA student discounts on airfares 
anywhere TWA flies - U.S., 
Europe, Middle East, Caribbean & 
Hawaii - 481-1264. (1112-30) 

19n Suzuki GS550 Motorcyde 
runs perfect, helmet, gloves, permit 
inci. $500 CaiI558-8638 Jon. (11/ 
9-11/27) 

BIG BEAR 
MARKETS 

Immediate openings for 
Clerk's Helpers at our 
new Costa Verde store. 
Part time positions for 
motivated, enthusiastic 
individuals. $4.25 per 
hour. Excellent benefit 
package. Apply in person 
Monday, Tuesday, or 
Thursday between 9:00 
a.m. and 4:00 p.m. at 

8510 Genesee Avenue 
San Diego 

EOE 

Monday, November 20, 1989 

1985 VW Sirrocco, Runs great, in 
excellent condo 49,000 miles, cruise 
control, pwr windows, brakes, 
steering etc. Must sacrifice. $4,750. 
552-8068. (11/13-11120) 
1980 Red Toyota Corolla; 2-door, 
5-speed Hatchback; sunroof; 
performs well; $13OO/0b0 Thomas 
452-3704. (11/13-11/30) 
Must sell IBM Compatible 
COMPAQ computer. 2 disk drives. 
Limited software. Portable, letter 
perfect printer. Whole system must 
go $750 obo. Call Brian at 546-
8159 evenings or leave message. 
(11/13-11/27) 
240Z High Performance head with 
large valves and High Performance 
Cam. Brand new - still in boxl Fits 
1970-1974. Head/camlvalves -
$100.00 What a bargain I Must sell ! 
587-6631 . (1 1/20) 
Computers - Discount to Students 
and Staff Ex. 460 .... off list Everex 
Step systems. Macintosh 
peripherals and othe r 
manufacturers available. MystiC 
Consulting Group (619 755-9304. 
(11/20-11 130) 

4-drawer student desk, 1-yr. new. 
$50. Call 586-6245. (11/20-11/30) 
1986 Yamaha Maxim 700, 11,000 
miles, Showroom condition, $2100 
o.b.o. Grant 552-9085/456-3708. 
(11/20-11/30) 
One-way ticket to Miami from San 
Diego, Dec. 13th or before: $70. 
Call 455-6180. (11120-11127) 
Yamaha 250 (1984) Perfect 
condition . Low mileage. $700, 
helmet included. Call 673-3961, 
leave message. (11120-11130) 

Roommate wanted to share 3 bdrm 
condo in La Jolla Colony. Own 
room , pool, jacuzzi, laundry lac. 
$350 + utilities. 453-4437. (11/20-
11127) 

Wanted female . Neat , qUiet, 
responsible, non-smoking. West 
Mira Mesa. $300 .00/mth. + 1/3 
utilites. Tlni 457-1000 X3681 586· 
7323 (1 1/20- 11 /30 ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Love Del Mar? Uve DY the Beach I 
Two femaies to share four bedroom 
house. 481-6034. (11/16-20) 
Private room for petless non-
smoker. Maie preferred, garage 
parking, laundry, minutes away. 
Thomas 452-3704. (11113-11/30) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
master in FULLY FURNISHED 
condo on beach. Swim, tennis, 
jacuzzi, neerbus line, laundry, great 
roommates. Avail 12110/89 - 61201 
89. $295 + 1/3 uti!. Call 755-4428. 
(11120-11/27) 

LOST ArH) r:OlJrJD 

Lost at Warren field, white with 
black XL Soccer jersey. Also lost 
somewhere, somewhen, Grey, 
sweatshirt, letters ·OHHS· sewn 
on front, lots '0 sentimental value. 
Please call Reeves 558-2442. (111 
20-11/27) 

PERSONALS 

HOLIDAY FAIRE ON REVELLE 
PLAZAI Friday, December 1 ,lOam 
to 2pm. Food, entertainment, 
vendor, fun! (11/16-20) 
SKI VAIL ALL-CAL with RISC, 
December9-161 Package includes 
5-day lift pass, transportation, 
deluxe lodging on the mountain, 2 
dances, 2 races, 2 picnics , 
broomball, thumper, many 
contests, refreshments and morel 
Tickets: $389 b~s, $525 air, $298 
ground, on sale now at box officel 
(11/6-20) 
Warren Students, want to get 
involved? Internal and Extemal 
Committee positions available. 
Information Warren Provost. (11 / 
20) 
Happy 21 st Mega I Pappachinosl 
"Chopp'n Brococoli" Supergirl, 
Pooper8cooper, Dribbling Gummy 
Bears, love always Sujojal (11/20) 
Gean; this is Scott. We met at 
Kahunas on Friday. Your &con 
student at Third lost your phone 
number, sorryllike to see you again 
487-9538 after 7:30 (11/201 

Now all you have 
to worry aOOut are 

midterms and finals. 
We doo'c believe academic pressure should be complicared by financial 
pressure. That's why BofA has been offering srudenc loan for more 
than 25 years. To find ouc if you qualif for one, ju [ make an 
appointment wich your school's Financial Aid Adminisrrator. Then all 
coil free. 1-800-252-7526. and we'll m 
mail you an application. Go ahead-It 
could be the e'clsiest answer to the .... 01 ~ 
{ ughest question you11 face all year. Domg the job:' 

fiJ'lk uf America r&'SA Member FDIC 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

DIET CENTER at University City 
will teach you to shed those pounds 
and inches while you heighten your 
body's energy. At DIET CENTER 
you'll find some great people with a 
great plan. Feel good about 
yourselfl Call 587-1775. (11/6-30) 

CREATIVE CAFE AND COFFEE 
HOUSE where UCSD comes to 
dine, debate and relax in a beautiful 
non-smoking atmosphere. (See our 
ad each Monday). (11/6-30) 

Mona2, Julie, Sheree-Hey 
you(s)1I1I11I1 How goes it? Since 
we're not meeting this week, I just 
wanted to wish you guys a safe and 
Happy Thanksgiving!II (Tell me how 
the Bay Area isll!) V'all have fun 
now, ya hear? (Just don 't forget to 
keep up with your readingl) Can't 
wait for next week, sisters ! (shake 
those thumbs now!)-PTLl II!l1 

"Before I went 
to Diet Center, 
I couldn't fit 
inthisa(t' 
. usan Saintjumes 

fwu l ear" ago. 1 ulUIJn t I'he 
a ruhborn 2() pounJ. ill. 
ollce I lOliled Diet ~.ell[e~ m.lt 

extr~1 wel!olnt ul.,apreareJ [. If 
good If \'Illi want ttllo"e 
weight i~L .111 D~'et. 
Diet Center r 
The\':" make Centor' 
a hehe\'er u ~ 
of\'Ou. 

DIET CENTER OF UNIVERSITY CITY 
3202 Governor Dr ,20 I' ;,,7-1775 
Big Ikar 'lwpPln8 C.n~r & Reg.nu 

. . . ',. , .... ~ ". 



18 SPORTS 

I Scores & 
Basketball 

Mal 

Stilts 
Women 
Point Loma 72 UCSD 58 

-UCSD lOp scorell: 
Ely 13. Alvarez 12 

Occidental 73 UCSD 71 
-UCSD tOP scorers: 

The UCSD Guardian 

1. Wisconsin-Oshkosh 55 
2. North Central 118 
3. Calvin College 153 
4. St. Thomas 174 
12.UCSD314 

- UCSD Finishers: 
AustraUa Inst. of Sport 8S 
UCSD 75 (Exhibition) 

Young 20. AI VateZ 15 

Cross Country 
NCAA National Meet 
Mm 

15. Fox 24:47 
39. Hora 25:07 
89. Webb 25:43 
121. Wynn 26:06 
162. Kinney 26:49 
170. Saatjian 26:59 

-UCSD lOp scorers: 
Shawcroft 23, McNeill 15. Rapp 
15. Moore 9 

Mammotb MlIluJeell' Some say it 's the more leisurely pace. Others enjoy the 
fact there are 150 trails almost all theirs alone to enjoy. We like to feel it's the extra at-
tention we can give to you, our guests. Most likely it's each of these and more. AIl 
presented dramatically in fresh mountain air, under a lot of blue skies and in some of 
the most beautiful scenery you 'll fmd in California. 

Yo,, 've got 10 try Mammotb MUl."eell. You'll sill tbe tU.J1erMUl 
lOx Anytime· A new ticket book with 10 lift tickets good anytime throughout the 
season is only 1290, S60 off our regular ticket prices. 
Midweek Packagest Super 3, 4 & 5 day lift and lodging packages. An individual 
can enjoy three fantastic days of sltiing and three nights oflodging for as low as 1 191. 
'10 TlcMIlJooM oon-lransjerabie. tMidwee/t Pack~ not valid boIiday perods. 
Individual prlct based on doublt occupancy. 

Attend CoIIqe in Mammoth 
Enjoy skiing while you continue your education in Mammoth 's new fuUy-

accredited coUege and university program! Call: (619) 873-1565 

Monday, November 20, 1989 

178, Debley 27:22 
Women 

1. Cortland State 30 

121. Longyear 20:00 
129. Torres 20:22 
131. Booth 20:28 

2. Wisconsin-Oshkosh 62 
3. Ithaca College 90 
4. St. Thomas 142 
12. UCSD303 

RECORDS & 
RANKlNGS 

- UCSD Finishers: 
Rio 1= 

But..,..1 (M) 0 0 0 NR 
IS, Con lay 17:58 
62. Jensen 18:45 

120. Peck 19:59 

8uketbId1 (W) 0 1 0 NR 
Soccer (M) 14 6 34th 
Water Polo (M) 10 11 0 7th 

•••••••••••••••••• 

Ves' 0 Send 11U! tbe free Mammotb Vacailott Planner 
I ' • 0 I've enck!sed my 1290, I wanl lbe I,. f'khilltloll. • • • • ·Name _______________ _ 

• Address _______ ,City ______ _ 

• ST __ Zip Phone ________ _ 
• 0 Cleek 0 Money Order 0 Visa 0 M/C 0 AMX 
• CC No. Expiration: __ _ 
• Sl8nature ______________ _ 
• Send to Box 24, Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (619) 934-2571. 

• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 

• 
• @ Malllloth Mountain i 
• Sid It to believe III • 
• • 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

Monday, November 20,1989 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Men's Water Polo in NCAA Nationals Kampus Productions 
PRESENTS UCSD Makes History with 

First Championship Berth 
By TOM RIZZUTI 
Staf!Writer 

When you sit down to say 
Thanksgiving grace this Thursday, 
you might want to include a small 
prayer for the UCSD men's water 
polo team. 

It just might take some divine 
intervention for the Tritons to 
emerge from next weekend'seight-
team NCAA National Tournament 
in Indianapolis, Indiana as national 
champions. 

Triton Head Coach Denny 
Harper did not mince words talk-
ing about his team's chances. 

"We really have to play above 
our heads," he said. 

However, even if the seventh-
ranked Tritons (20-12) do not win 
a game at this year's tournament, 
which runs from November 24-26, 
they have already secured a place 
for themselves in the record books. 
UCSD is the first Division m non-
scholarship school to participate in 
the 2O-year old event. 

The Tritons, who enter the 
"show" as the sixth seed, open play 
on Friday evening against Stan-
ford. UCSD has lost its only con-
test with Stanford this season, It-
6, on Sep_ 16. 

This marks only the second time 
in the history of the tournament 
that it will not be played in Long 
Beach. 

Harper, though, does not see 
any problems with the long trip to 
the Midwest. 

"I've traveled with this team 
both nationally and internationally, 
and it travels well," he said. 

The last time the Tritons trav-
eled a considerable distance, they 
found themselves in Rhode Island, 
beating up on five teams in the 
Brown University Invitational in 
late September. 

Another potential factor which 
Harper does not see as a problem is 
the team's two-week layoff be-
tween the WWP A finals (UCSD 
defeated Air Force) and the na-
tional tournament. 

"We've incorporated game situ-
ations into our workouts, and the 
guys work hard and stay on one 
another, so we've kept our edge," 

BrIan MorrillGuardian 

Goalie J.P. Beay has helped keep the Tritons afloat this season. 

he pointed out. 
In addition, the Tritons played a 

couple of exhibition games over 
the weekend. They took on Sunset 
San Diego on Friday night and 
played an alumni teamthe next 
day. Harper viewed these as im-
ponant tune-ups. 

As for the championship tour-
nament, Harper seemed cenain as 
to what will be the Tritons' key to 
success. 

"We've got to play great de-
fense," Harper said. "We're going 
to be out-sized by our opponents, 
so we're going to need to drop our 
defense back and double-tearn key 
players." 

On offense, he pointed out that 
the Tritons would need to swim 
extremely well and that it was es-
sential that they conven their six-
on-five power plays, because 
"we're going to have a lotofthem." 

While the championship may 
be just out of reach with schools 
like Cal and UC Irvine standing in 
the way, Harper likes his team's 
chances in the first round. 

"We definitely feel like we have 
a chance in the opener. We're going 
to concentrate on that game, and 
worry about the others when the 
time comes," he said. 

The Tritons stand to gain more 
from this tournament than just a. 
championship however. The ex-
perience factor could prove invalu-
able in the future. 

"I'm taking three or four fresh-
men on this trip with me," Harper 
pointed out, "and even if they don't 
playa single minute, they'll know 
what to expect in the future be-
cause they've been to the 'show.' .. 

While he refuses to compare 
this team to the fine teams he's 
coached in the past, Harper had to 
admit that making the national tour-
nament makes this the most grati-
fying season in his to-year career. 

"Just think," he added as he 
watched his players practice, "these 
guys here have a chance to be the 
best in the country in about a week." 

With some good defense and, 
well, a miracle, something amaz-
ing could happen. 

- 81 -

VIC'S 
EVERY 'T'H!l RSDA Y 

7825 Fay Avenue. La Jolla 

S1 .00 Drink Speclel. All Nit. Longl 
" .00 Ore" ...,. 

Dance to the latest in 
Industrial &. Progressin music! 

21 AND UP 

ADMISSION: 
53.00 with college 
I 0 or invttation 

55 00 Without 
t D REOUIREn 

OPEN 1HANICSGIVN;1 

THE SANDBAGGERS - Over-the-line 
Ladies and gendemen, hear me now or hear me later .... the 

lovely gents above have come to puuuuuump youuuuuuu 
uuuuuuuuup! And stomp you and thrash you and humble you 
and humiliate you too! That indeed they did this year, in 
seemingly every Over-The-Line game they played. 

Yes, the Sandbaggers really were: a team for the ages, winning 13 
consecutive games, most by huge scores and thoroughly dominat-
ing every one that they played in the First All-Campus Over-The-
Line Play-ofT'Tournament. Their 11-0, 14-3 thumping of "A .. 
Champions Monte's Team was uu1y indicative: of their season. 

Congratulations, guys, your hands were horrible in other en-
deavors, but they didn't let you down in Over-The-Line:. Stick 
with a winner, fellas, and hear me now or hear me later. 

The home of the ~ ROBERT'S & 
49¢ hamburger. 

1 1 m U(!'[)olll1lt1!7Y\ 
.L! &!lou. 

..~ . 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IL... ... _~---------__________ _ 

---ALL AMERicANMEAL--- ~ 
Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 

II Medium-Size Soft Drink Cash value: 1/20 01 1 cent II II limit one coupon per I I customer, per VIStt Please 
present coupon when I I ordeflng Not valid with 

liiil~~:~:_ 
II 

'Just $1 99 /1 
(plus tax) II 

Only at· II 
71.0 Mlromar Ifd.@ San DIego 

1237 "oapec:t "N\ '"'" 
La Jolla ,_~ 

,--,-.iiiii.iiiiiiiiiiii. 

Q9 4t ~ S~B 
German. Swedish. Japanese Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

. , MAJOR SERVICES 
• TUNE-UPS 

• FUEl INJECTION 
• ELECTRI~ 

• BRAKES • EXTENDED W;I\RRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am-5 pm A 
¥~ (619)275-1132 ~ 

• 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exitl San Diego .. .-. ... ""' •• 
. --II', .st aNd '«om"'tNd K ,,.ul/· L.b" ca"ls 10 0 0' custo"" 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs· with this coupon 
"Excepl "'010' a"d I,a"s"ussw" ou€,haul. Nol ualld WIth any olhe, coupon. 



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 20, 1989 

Sports 
Triton Men, Women Finish 12th 
Cross Country Impresses at Nationals 
ByP~GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

Not bad. Not bad at all. 
It's just that a 12th place finish 

never really sounds good. The truth 
is, however, that Saturday's per-
formances for the UCSD cross 
country teams in the NCAA Divi-
sion m Nationals in freezing Rock 
Island, lllinois were just about their 
best ever. 

Just about-the UCSD men's 
team tied its best (in 1982) with its 
12th place finish. The women's 
12th place finish, however, marked 
the highest it has ever placed in 
national competition. 

Head Coach Mark Stanforth 
was pleased with the teams' over-
all finishes, but he pretty much 
expected them. 

In Thursday's issue of the 
Guardian, Stanforth predicted that, 
with good races, the men's team 
would finish from 10th to 12th and 
the women's team would finish 
around 10th. 

"[Both teams] finished pretty 
close to where they belonged," he 
said. 

The cores of some of the top 
teams - primarily those of Wis-
consin-Oshkosh and Cortland State 
of New York backed up Stanforth's 
assesment. 

Cortland State won the women's 
division with a score of 30, as all 
five of its runners finished in the 
top 20 individually. Wisconsin-
Oshkosh was second with 62 and 
Ithaca College of New York fin-
ished third at 90. The Tritons, with 
their 12th place finish, scored 303 
points. 

In the men's division, Wiscon-
sin-Oshkosh nearly placed all of 
its runners in the top 20 (its fifth 
runner finished 21st) and wound 
up with a total score of 55. North 
Central College oflllinois finished 
second with 118, and Calvin Col-
lege of Michigan placed third with 
153. UCSD was 12th with 314. 

For the Triton men, Mike Fox, 
Merrell Hora, Stefan Wynn, and 
Steve Saatjian ran their fastest times 
ever - all this in 24-degree tem-
peratures. 

But the runners, for the most 
part, were prepared for the condi-
tions. According to Stanforth, 

UCSD's runners were wearing 
socks over their hands and long-
sleeve shirts, while many also wore 
tights and protection overtheirears. 

Fox was the highest Triton 
men's finisher at 24:47, good for a 
12th place individual finish. David 
Terronez of host Augustana Col-
lege won the entire meet with a 
23:58 time. J 

Michelle Con lay headed the ~ 
women, as a 17 :58 time gave her a 
15th place finish. Marybeth 
Crawley ofCortlandState won the 
meet with a time of 17:19. 

Though the men's team proba-
bly could not have placed much 
higher, the women's team lost some 
time when Sharon Rockett became 
sick in the middle of the week, 
never fully recovered, and was 
forced to drop out of the race . 
midway through. 

Stanforth, however, blamed --
himself for the women not finish-
ing any higher. Before the meet, -
Stanforth told them not to get too ____ -.:: 
overworked or anxious just be-
cause it was a national meet. 

Some members of the women's 
See CROSS, page 13 

Brian MorrIsIGuardian 
Michelle Conlay (left) placed 15th in the nation, leading the 
women's team to a 12th place finish. Jason Debley (right) com-
peted for the men's team, which also finished 12th. 

Men's Soccer Eliminated 
In National Semifinals 

Host Elizabethtown Defeats Tritons 1-0 
By STEVE WEISMAN 
StajfWriter 

Hopes of repeating a Division 
ill national championship were 
absorbed Friday into the cold and 
mud of Elizabethtown, Pennsyl-
vania, as the Tritons fell to their 
hosts 1-0 in the semifinals. 

The winning shot came on an 
indirect kick by Elizabethtown's 
Phil D'Adderio just over 58 min-
utes into the contest, on what Tri-
ton Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
called "a horrible, scrambly goal." 

"There was nothing in it," 
Armstrong said. "The only way 
they were going to put it in was just 
throwing the thing ... and that 's 
what happened. We're a little dis-
appointed to ·lose on a point like 

this." 
The Tritons outshot their oppo-

nents 7-6 and, according to Ann-
strong, outplayed Elizabethtown 
throughout the match. 

"We had real good chances," he 
said. "They didn't have a lot." 

But "good chances" could not 
overcome the obstacles on Friday, 
as UCSD was out of its element for 
the second week in a row. 

After last week's overtime re-
gional victory against St. John's 
College in Minnesota in lousy 
weather, the Tritons had to head 
further east the following week to 
face a bitter Pennsylvania winter 
and muddy playing conditions. It 
rained all day Thursday, and the 
field was soaked for Friday's con-
test. 

UCSD goalie Brian Siljander dives for one earlier this year. The 
Tritons' comeback season ended this weekend in Pennsylvania. 

"It was a struggle getting going 
on the soft ground," Armstrong 
said. "Divots were going down in 
the ground about four inches." 

Aside from weather problems, 
the Tritons found themselves on 
an airplane for the second time in a 
week with only three days rest in 
between, a factor that Armstrong 
felt was not without consequence. 

"I think lthe traveling] caught 
up with us," he said. 

The loss brought an end to a 
season that many thought would 
not last as long as it did. Though 
defending champions, the Tritons 
had been forced to constantly 
scramble their lineup to compen-
sate for injuries. 

At midseason, UCSD sported 
an average 8-5-3 record that looked 
to keep them out of playoff action. 
But six consecutive wins, culmi-
nating in impressive postseason 
victories against Claremont and 

See M. SOCCER, page 13 

eWilliftlrat <; p& 
UCSD ~ wouIcIba'Ve / . .,..?n"'''''' __ iIIId 

faced.PepperiJiQebt >~. , ... ~ ~1OIDCl1Ie Xlllldeen 
acdon.but StaDbdts ·upaet vic- ,.~ camo off the · beach to 
toryOYa1betop-teededCalBears • 15 points _ Nancy Ca-
this weckeod dIoppecl .repper.. pII'Ii scored 13. 
dine to the fOlll1lHeeded posi- InFriday'sloss,c.briaBlyled 
tion. die team with 13 points and 

Jntbeitooly previousmeetin& Alvtrez added 12. 
this year, Stanford defeated the 
TrkoDs 11-6 iD dleUC Irvine 
Toumaneat IJeck on Sepcembor 
16. 

Tbel'lo1dnp beading into the 
Thanbgiving Holiday Touma-
mcot are as follows: 1) Cal. 2) 

SWlmJDen Qualify 
Four to Natloaals 

The Tritons qualified four 
athftKos to nationals during 

See UPDATE, ,.13 

This Week's Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ••. 
l!bal 
Basketball (M) 

Basketball (W) 
Water Polo 

l!Iul 
WHI'I"'lWIwll'II'IE-R 
TRITON TIP-OFF TOURNAMENT 
ST. THOMAS COLLEGE (MN) 
NCAA Nationals at Indianapolis, IN 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

DB 
Tuesday 
FriiSat. 
Friday 
Fri. - Sun. 

I.iIB 
7:00 p.m. 
6& 8 p.m. 
2:00 p.m. 
All Day 


